
'Oefedor from KGB' Muir Students Petition for Mary Avery 
Russian Writer to Speak Tonight 

Yuri Krotkov, Russian deceit." 
playwright and poet woo has Aroong reasons for joining 
sought poli~cal asylum in this "co-o&»ted anny" of the 
England, will speak on KGB, Krotkov cites desire for 
"Cultural Regimentation in power, security and literary 
Huslia" tonight at 7:30. recognition, a feeling of con-

The lecture, sponsored by the ventional patriotism, but above 
Muir College Department Ii all fear. 
Cultural Traditions and Con- In his appeal to liberal and 
temporary Issues, will be held humanitarian Americans, "A 
in the building (2DlRm2250 . Letter to Mr. Smith," copyright 

by The New Review, 1967, 
The SUN DAY Krotkov rejects the notion that 

TElEGRAPH of September cultural regimentation has 
13, 1970, calls Krotkov "a reud in Russia, and ear-
defector from the KGB." In 1946 nestly warns u against 
he was "C(H)pted" into the dismissing the "tugaboo Ii 
service of the Soviet in- commll'lism" too lightly. He 
telligence agency, and states that he chose tD condemn 
remained a member of a huge himself to Ife outside his native 
network of allegedly vohmtary country in order to say tD the 
collaborators of that world: "I am against the Soviet 
organization until his defection regime, because communism 
to the West in 1963. defonns human personality." 

Wlile with the KGB, Krotkov Krotkov considers our in-
enjoyed official approval as volvement in Southeast Asia 
a writer, and W88 nominated for absdutely essential for our 
the Stalin Prize for his anti- survival. It is the United States, 
American play, "John-&ldier he feels, that has a great 
of Peace." He was permitted to misSon laid upon it: "It is you 
travel abroad and mix freely alone, I repeat, you alone, who 
with Westerners, and was given are capable of barring the path 
many material privileges. He to c<rnmunism to Asia and also 
expressed anti-Soviet sen- k) Europe. Let America take a 
timents as part of his KGB neutral stand and toolorrow 
functiOn. He describes his life three quarters of the world map 
dlD'lng those years as a "treble will be colored red." 

John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

Muir students have organized a campaign to Il'essure for 
reinstatement of Mary Avery as academic lIIutant to the Muir 
provost. Miss A very was terminated effective June 30 in a 
deciSon by Provost JOOn Stewart that Will made public last 
week. 

TIllS far, several hundred signatures have been secured on 
petitiom protesting the termination; 400 P<llt cards have been 
addressed to Muir commuter students urging them to write 
letters Il'otesting Stewart's action. A table with materials for 
letter writing is scheduled to be manned frern 10 am. to 2 p.rn. 
on Wednesday and Thursday in front of the Muir Cafeteria. 

Petition carriers estimate that over !IO per cent of the students 
contacted have signed a petition. 

Miss Avery, meanwhile, has announced that she will contest 
her termination through a regular University grievance com-
mittee. She is currently investigating the technical procedures 
involved in such a move. 

Stewart Stm SUst 
Provost Stewart, at a regular open house meeting with 

students last Thursday, still would not comment substantiany 
on the Avery termination. "In my view,» he said, "it is an <*1 
prob&em that we have not signed by other means. But the 
reasons for the termination are not ones I can discuss in public." 

Miss Avery complained Friday that many peq>le had in-
terpreted these and other similar remarks by Stewart to mean 
that there might be some immorality or scandal behind her 
dismissal. "I have no reservations," she tad the TRITON 
TIMES, "about bringing all the facts on this matter into the 
open." 

When this was reported to Stewart, he replied that he had 
certainly not intended to slur Miss Avery. "But I will need to 
chedt this directly with Miss Avery and with the Personnel 
Office. I must be careful to avoid any Il'ejudicing of possible 
(grievance) hearings. However, I may alter my paJition that I 
must remain tDtally silent beyond what I have already said. 

"I recognize," he continued, "that my silence might seem 

It ' -trIton tI 

high-handed and that it causes considerable frustration, and I 
regret this. At the moment, however , I can see no other 
honorable course." 

Nevertheless, Stewart was able to discuss some aspects of the 
Mary Avery and Alan Batchelder (Muir dean} terminations at 
the Thursday open house. In both cases, he said, "I feel I made a 
mistake in not at least infonning the student members of the 
Muir Council about what was coming up." Particularly in the 
.case of Batchelder, he said, discussion of the matter before the 
council would have been appropriate. 

Nlting that Mary Avery's interests lay mostly in coonseling, 
one student suggested that she be appointed to the newly created 
position of academic counselor. 

An UnsaUsfactory SoluUoo 
"Now that would seem a perfectly sensible solution, wouldn't 

it?" Stewart asked rhetorically. "All I can say is that to me, it 
would not be satisfactory." 

In reference to Batchelder's terminatim, Stewart said, "Alan 
wasn't canned. He participated in the process that resulted in 
the decision tht ~ he should do S(J11e~ else." Stewart also 
noted that, technically, Batchelder is employed not by the 
provost, but by George Murphy, vice~hancellor of student 
affairs. "Murphy had as much, maybe more to do with Alan's 
termination as I did," said Stewart. 

Stewart suggested that Batchelder might be able to find 
another job at UCSD that better suited his coonseling talents. 

Cmtacted by the TIMES, Batchelder seemed to contradict 
some of what Stewart had earlier said. "I accepted the finality 
of the decision to terminate me," BatcheldE!' said, " because at 
the time I didn 't appear to have any choice." 

It has been widely rumored that Batchelder wants to remain 
in his post as Muir dean. One student, in casual conversatim 
with a TIMES reporter, said that Batchelder might even submit 
his name as a candidate for his old post 

"We're having olD' first big, angry, bitter family fight, " 
summed up Stewart on Thursday. "People are saying a lot of 
things they wouldn't say if they had more time to reflect. I hope 
that this trouble dies down so that we can get (J1 with the many 
important issues that still face us." 

Vo'ume rz, Hum"er rs University of Ca'ifornia, San Diego T~esJay, February Z3, 1971 ======~~==~==~~==~= 
Three Grade Change Proposols 
Aired at Muir Foculty Meeting 

Jeff Graham 
Stoff Writer 

"The major order of business of the day" at 
the Muir faculty meeting last week was a drastic 
change proposed in the Muir grading system. 
Under the change, Muir students would receive 
grades of A, B and C only for course work. 
Grades of D or F would not be recorded, and 
academic credit would not be given. The merit of 
the plan is that it would not penalize students for 
attempting work they could not handie. Those 
skeptical of the idea pointed out that often times 
a student will accept a D in a difficult required 
course simply to be done with it, and that they 
would no longer be able to.do so. 

The issue may not be decided for some time. 
Advisory bodies other than the Muir faculty are 
involved; a student referendum may be called. 
Provost Stewart stated that any such drastic 
change must be approved by the UCSD Com-
mittee on Educational Policy. 

Pus-FaD, Drop ModffieaUoDS PropoIed 

A related motion concerning dropping of 
courses and the pasa-fall option was introduced 
by Muir councilman Pat Ledden. The motion 
resolved that the final day of course instruction 
be the final day to drop a course, and that the 
choice of whether to take a COW'!le for a letter 
grade or pasa-fall be left open until the final day 
of course instruction. M of now, a course can be 
dropped Immediately during the two weeks of 
open registration, then for fOW' weeks longer 
with a fee payment of p. After the sixth week, 
special pennillion to drop is needed. 

Advocates of the drop change argued that it 
would take the pmble out of dropping or not 
dropp&ng a coune after a poor start. There w .. 
no diIcuIIloo. '!be motion'. proponenta declared 
that the UIlUmited puHail option would help 
studenta wboIe GPA CUIIOt afford a D, but who 
do not WIIlt to drop a coune. PuI-lall COUI'IflI 
.. lOt ~ Into a stadeat'. GPA. au-
.... &1 ..... to awitdI Ira pIII4aI1 to. 
.... ...-,"' .... Dr .... ta. .. ~ tp 
=-'.I$ ... ....,~~~:-:q'= 

helping the student academically, but merely 
"disguising" his GPA. 

Someone at the back of the room asked if it was 
possible for teachers to drop courses-and was 
promptly ruled out of order. 

Muir Commons May Close 

Resident Dean Alan Batchelder reported that 
the Muir Commons may have to be closed. He 
stated that only one-fourth of Muir students are 
presently on the board plan, and that half of 
these are expected to drop next quarter. There 
are just not enough Hi-Continental customers at 
UCSD to support three separate cafeterias, he 
said. The overhead has been cut drastically. At 
Muir, the cleanup crews have been laid off, and 
the facility must be clean to operate. Batchelder 
stressed that whatever happens a compulsory 
board plan will not be adopted. 

Tbe Teatro QuiDto Sol, part of tbe eatertaiDmeat at TIIusday's ChicaDO Symposium. Tbe eveDt was 
held to publicize tbe MECHA Scholarship Program. Story OD page 3. 

The dean related the problems in finding a 
more satisfactory food service: UCSD is bound 
by contract to Hi-Continental, and outher outfits 
look no more promising. He noted that Holly 
Holmes is operating at a loss and would make a 
poor substitute. He believes that most likely 
nothing will help. Muir has a kitchenette for 
every 17 students, and the new apartments will 
reduce this ratio even further. "We just don't 
know what to do," he said. 

Chancellor Candidate Fletcher 
may Choose NASA over UCSD 

The long-standing controversy over the 
science and language requirements was revived. 
Provost Stewart said that all proposals were 
being considered with "very much seriousness" 
and that a fonnal recommendation would be 
made on March 9. 

Rose DeCosta 
Stoff Writer 

Selection of a Chancellor for UCSD was 
postponed at last Friday's Regents meeting, 
until the leading candidate indicates whether or 
not he will be available for the position. If this 
candidate, James C. Fletcher, president of the 
University of Utah, declines, the Regents will 
decide between Glenn Terrell, president of the 
University of Washington, and Clifford 
Grobstein, dean of the UCSD Medical School. 

Complications have arisen because Fletcher 
was offered a position as head of NASA. He has 

-emer ,--1____ of the 01 ___ 1.... and indicated that if he was named for the position 
n' &.CI1IftII"._u. ~ ... u.... at NASA by President Nixon, it ,would be 

Analytical Studiea OffIce aplained that G- "higbly unlikely" that he would refuse the 
panslon of the C!OIleIe would be reduced from 110 President and consider the chancellorship here. 
students per year to 110. He indicated tIIIt the UC It is the general consensus of the Regents 
I)'Item doea DOt baft the ~ to .) accept that Fletcher is the preferrred choice. Thus, 
aD eUc1b1e bICllllcbool ...... tea; b) maJataln. they want to be sure that Fletdl« ill not be 
17-to-Gae ~"ratio; and e) IIIPfOI1 available before makinI any final decisions. If 
poat-lradaate pr.1IDI for all quWled FIelder aecepta the position at NASA, it is 
........ ......... dedInd, .. U..,.... .......t to be an nell ....... betweea Terrell 
II,., It ................ " , IIId GrobIteID u to who wW be u.e nat 

chancellor for UCSD. University President 
Charles Hitch has indicated that as soon as 
Fletcher's decision become~ known, the 
Regents may call a special meeting to make a 
decision, instead of waiting for the regular April 
meeting of the Regents. 

Grobstein, once before under consideration 
for the Chancellorship, has come back into the 
scene. He is apparently favored by San Diego 
businessmen, as telegrams sent to the Regents 
on Friday indicated. Signed by John F. 
Borchers, general manager of the San Diego 
Chamber of Commer~, the telegrams read.: 
" Dr. Grobstein's professional qualifications as 
well as his excellent relations with the San 
Diego community mE-rit high consideration in 
your selection." 

Earlier in the month, acting Chancellor 
Herbert Yor~ indiC4leU UlIIl 1M! wuulUlI'lmind 
being a permanent appointment to the position, 
considering his present involvement with it. 
Although York is a candidate, it is doubtful t 
the Retents will ask him to stay on. One l'eallOll 
for this is felt to be because York 10 

=
tiWly stated when he accepted tM 

tion of actiJII dUliaceUor, Ulat he did DOt 
wisb to bold u.e job permanently. 



The award wlllDlng Muir Campus laodscape as viewed from itsDOrtbeast corner. BuUdlng ZA is I.a 
tbe rigbt-top COrDer. 

Chicono Symposium Held to 
Aid MECHA Scholorship Fund 

Kathy Rust 
Stoff Writer 

Last Thursday Revelle Plaza 
was the site of a Chicano 
Symposium, which was held to 
publicize and gain support for 
the MECHA Scholarship 
Program. 

The theme of the Symposium 
was "the literary, cultural, and 
social contribution of the 
Olicano." Music and dancing 
for the event was provided by 
the Teatro Quinto Sol and the 
Ballet Folklorico de Aztlan. 

The first speaker, Jorge 
Gonzales, who teaches Chicano 
Studies at San Diego State 
College, told the primarily 
Chicano audience, "We are the 
most revolutionary people. We 
already have an established 
counter-culture." He appealed 
to Chicanos to "live life as you 
think it should be lived! We 
can't live for a revolution 
tomorrow, because the 
revolution is here today!" 

Main speaker at the Sym-
posium was Alurisla, teacher, 
artist, and poet. Aiurista gave a 
dynamic bilingual reading of 

his poem, "La Mar de Sangre." allow him financial ~id for his 
He spoke of the "Bronze Con- cDntribution. 
tinent," and said that people In order to raise money for 
tend to forget that California the program, MECHA will be 
once belonged to the Chicanos. sponsoring benefits in the San 

Alurista maintains that the Diego area. They also hope to 
Olicanos in this area are living receive financial aid from local 
in a state of war created by the agencies and from private 
white oppressors. In his opinion, sources. 
C:'hicanos have long been con- . Aa:ording to Juan Lopez, the 
sldered no more than cheap program will accomplish four 
labor and cannon fodder. majoc objectives: 

Alurista fears that the whites I) It will get Chicano students 
will destroy the "Bronze more involved in the com-
People." He pleaded with the munity; 2) It will alleviate the 
Chicanos in the crowd to realize burden on volunteer workers' 
that "La Raza" was being 3) It will help the Chican~ 
ste~ped on and to fight back community; and 4) It will help 

, agaInSt the oppressors. ease the financial burden on 
Juan Lopez, a member of EOP. 

MECHA, described the Lopez also hopes that the 
scholarship program MECHA scholarship program will serve 
hopes to establish at UCSD. As to draw more Chicano students 
part of the program, UCSD to UCSD by offering them a 
Chicano students would go out form of education outside of the 
into the community foc a two- or classroom. 
three-montn period and work 
with their people. 

A student wishing to take 
advantage of the scholarship 
program will submit a proposal 
outlining his objectives to a 
scholarship committee. When 
he can show proof of the work he 
has done in the community, the 
scholarship committee will 

FM music on AM? 
Try •.• 

"You'll appreciate the Difference." 

P ... 2 Triton Times FebrulrY 26, 1971 

MECHA Meeting With York 
Sparked by Chicano layoff 

Raoul Contreras 
Editorial Director 

A recent ''work termination order" in the 
UCSD Graphic Arts Department has served as 
the catalyst for a meeting between MECHA 
representatives and the chancellor. At the 
meeting which took place late yesterday 
MEClIA requested an investigation into the 
layoff of one of the few Chicanos on the 
University staff employed in a position other 
than gardener or maintenance. They also 
wanted a reaffirmation of a commitment by the 
chancellor's office to hire more Chican~. 

The individual involved (who has requested his 
name be withheld peOOIng a final decision) has a 
position of Senior Artist. He was notified 00 
Friday, Feb. 12 that as of Feb. 26 his ern-
ployment would be terminated. Accocding to Jim 

De~, head of the Graphic Arts Department, 
this was necessary because the workload cI. the 
department had gooe down and dwindling 
University funds had forced a cutback in 
overhead. 

Second 1D SeDlortty 

However, MECHA has learned that of the 
seven people employed by Graphic Arts in artist-
related positions the Chicano, who has been in 
the department six years, is second in senierity. 
Accerding to both the work termination ocder 
received by the individual and a prepared 
statement by Dempsey to Henri Jacot, president 
of United Chicanos of San Diego (a community 

gro~ trying to get more Chicanos hired by the 
University), the Chicano's work perfonnance 
was excellent. Jacot said that Dempsey made it 
clear there were no personal differences or 
deficiencies in attitude involved. It was simply a 
matter of someone having to go. 

The statement to Jacot also brought rut that 
among those not being tenninated were two 
illustrators (positions below that of senior artist) 
who had been in the department respectively for 
six months and a year and a half. According to 
the per!l)n being laid off one reason for his ter-

mination was that his salary was so much 
greater than that cI. the illustrators. However. he 
also says that he was recently (befere receuq 
his termination order) the recipient of a totally 
unexpected pay raise of 50 cents an hour. He has 
let it be known he would have accepted a pay cut. 

According to Nick Aquilar, who led the 
ME<lIA conti gent seeking York, this incident is 
irtimately related to commitments made last 
year by the Chancellor's Office to hire moce 
Chicanos. 

More Chicaoo Employees Promised 
MECHA representatives say this commitment 

was the result of a meeting Dec. 23, 1969, at-
tended by then Chancellor William MdiiB, 
ME<lIA, United Chicanos of San Diego, Luis 
Nogales (assistant to the president of OIicano 
affairs, Stanford University), State Semtor 
James Mills, Slate RelX'esenlative Waddle 
Deddeh and a representative from HEW. 
ME<lIA had called for this meeting in «rder to 
request a position at UCSD comparable to that 
held by Nogales at Stanford. 

McGill's response was a written statement 
addressed to MECHA in which he says ''It is 
clear to me and the vice-chancellors concerned, 
that we need and seek able people ferm the 
Chicano community to fill these vacancies (vice 
chancellor for business and finance and dean of 
student affairs) aOO others, particularly in staff 
personnel. .. " 

The MECHA representative say that at the 
time of this commitments by the Chancellor's 
Office only three per cent of all University 
employees were OIicanos. Of this group the vast 
majerity were gardeners and other maintenance 
per!l)nnel. 

The MECHA group which will see the chan-
celler feels there is nothing to indicate an at-
tempt to carry out the chancellor's commitment. 
They point out there has been no substantial 
increase in the nwnber of Chicanos employed 
except for what has developed out of Third 
CA>lIege. Aguilar states that hopefully this 
meeting will "re-initiate action for hiring instead 
of firing Chicano people." 

what's rnrnrnJ. 
DATE NIGHT 

FRIDAY, FEB. 26 
7 P.M. 'TIL MIDNIGHT 
UNLIMITED RIDES ! 

at beautiful 
PER COUPLE 

T 
3000 MISSION BLVD., SAN DIEGO • 488-0531 . 

First Meeting of "UCSD legal Community" Regulation Re~vaJuatlol& Slated 

Housing Problems to be Aired Tonight 
Ore of the first projects the UCSD Legal Community will work 

on is a r~valuation of campus regulations. M~t regulations 
have not been reviewed for several years and need to be updated 
to fit new situations. The Legal CA>mmunity hopes to get the c0-
operation of law school students in proposing revisions of 
current regulations which would reflect a greater concern for 
the civil liberties of students. 

Frank Phillips 
Stoff Writer 

The formation of a new campus organization concerned with 
informing students about their legal rights and providing a 
forum for the rational discussion of cootroversial issues af-
fecting the University was announced last week by a group of 
UCSD students. The first project of the UCSD Legal Cmlmunity 
will be a seminar dealing with landlord-tenant relations tonight 
in USB 2622 at 7 p.m. 

Mark Stevens, one of the organizers cI. the UCSD Legal 
Community, said that the activities of the group will be limited 
only "by the number of ideas put forth and people willing to 
participate." Stevens said that the formation of the organization 
resulted from a series of discussions among several interested 

THE WO~LO's 'OREMOS' 

Hypnofisf 
HAS SOMETHING 
ESPECIALLY NICE 
'OR YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

RESERVATIONS 
REQUESTED ... 
..... 223 ·8122 

A At DINNER .... .... 7:00 
--"'MENU--- SHOW TIME ... 9 :00 
~IME~IIOINNE" __ ~4.t5 --FREE- --

C411I1t_ Cui "~1SIOW Ju"," Sh,i""DI •• ,,_h45 POST-SHOW ~ 
"lid Chid, . Di ... r_ ' ~5 sro, SMOKING· MEMORY · 

WEIGHT ~EDUCTION ' 
CiMl. 1_ .... Doooortl CONCENT~ATION . SEL'-

, ... - .... ~L. CONrlDfNCE · ---~ EDUCATIONAL 
SUeoUTIONS 

If you can driven, 
.111 insure it 

for leSs. 
No matter wNit you drive - from a conservative VoIkswlgen to a radi-

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insuf.nce. 
College Student Insurance Service has been workil18 with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that coli. st~nts deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Assocllted Student 
member, you can get liroup DiscOllllled Auto Insuranc. at an averace sav-
ings of 48% in California. Plus, you tin continue your covera •• " er 
you're out of SChool. 

For a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 Coll •• 1 Av •• 
583·9393 

C.5.I.S. W.',. on ,our s ..... 
I I 

members of the UCSD community who felt there has been a lack 
of activity in areas in which the Legal Community hopes to 
becmle involved. 

Many Activities Planaed 

Aa:ording to Steve Gurnee, another Legal Community 
organizer, several activities are already being plaM~d. He s~ 
tonight's seminar is the first in a series of legal senunars bemg 
set up to inform students about their legal status. Other possible 
seminar topics, which are being plaMed for twice a month, 
include loan contracts, insurance, consumer education) and 
University regulations. 

Ore of the primary functions of the UCSD Legal Community, 
according to Stevens, will be to act as clear inghouse for other 
campus organizations concerned with the application of the law 
to students. Stevens said the organization hqles that groups 
such as the American Civil Liberties Union and the UCSD Legal 
Defense Fund will be able to work together on projects of 
common interest. The Legal CA>mmunity hopes to inform 
students about the work being done by other campus groups and 
thus encourage greater participation by students .. 

Alan Zink, organizer of tonight's seminar, said that there will 
be a discussion of possible projects for the Legal C<mmunity at 

. the seminar. Zink cited the area of landlord-tenant relations as 
an example of legal problems which confront students. 

Zink said that the "law of landlord and tenant is an uneasy 
balance between property and contract concepts which students 
know very little about." Among the things which will be 
discussed tonight by a panel of lawyers and landlords are the 
types of leases; the law of eviction and termination of a lease; 
who is responsible for damage to a rented house ;. and who is 
responsible for paying the rent when a house is being occupied 
by several students. 

Stooents who have an interest in any aspect of the law are 
invited to join the Legal C(IIlmunity, according to organizer 
Stevens. The organiza tion will engage in any type of activity 
which will help students to become better informed about the 
law j education, or the University in general. Stevens said he 
hopes that enough people will attend tonight 's meeting so that 
some projects can be started before the eOO of the Winter 
Quarter. 

THE 
GO LD EN 0 LD IE 
FILM SOCIETY 

presents 

Sat., Feb. 27 
C"n't get in to see l.S. 
Come '0 'he s",. Flicks 

7 p.m. Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 

\'VIVA MAX" 
Peter Ustinov 

Johnathan Winters 

plus Laurel & Hardy 
in "TWO TARS" 

plus from "Uncle Walt" 
PIGS IS PIGS 

and 
BEN AND ME 

Tickets available 

at the Urey Hall Box Office 

and at the door. ~ 

~ 
Triton Time, Ftbru.ry 2', 1971 P ... 3 



tiD1.es 
UIlMllity of CIIifanIie. ... DiIID 

u ....... CIIifomil 92037 
(714) 463-2000, at. 101', AdwertiIint at. 1017 

Haywood Gammon. Editor-in-Chief JeH Fried. Business Manager 

, ... ecIitoriah • .,........ ....... .,. " .-' ..., .... T .. TON TIMES Edi'oriaI ...... All ..... , epinions 
• .". ..... Oft this ..... - ,.... .... outhen ..... narnn appear in , ... bylines and do nat 
-..lIt ,.,... .... vie_ " .... TIlTON TIMIS. Anyone desiring lasubmit material t. ~ puWIshecl in 
thit IOCIion lheuld IOIICI i'la .... Editerial Directw, TIlTON TIMES, 1171101& ...... UCSO. 

Trouble at Muir 
Muir College is currently embroiled 

In a struggle from which there Is 
probably no happy escape. Mary 
Avery, academic assistant to the 
Provost, has refused to be terminated 
without a full hearing 'before a 
grievance committee . Alan ' Ba't-
chelder, who was terminated as Muir 
dean last December, is rumored to be 
pondering a move of the same kind_ 

This amounts to open rebellion 
against the leadership of Muir ProvOst 
John Stewart, and if these two in-
dividuals are still employed at Muir 
College in the fall, it will necessarily 
mean that John Stewart is not the 
provost. 

The critical factor, everyone agrees, 
will be student opinion. And it seems' 
that virtually every student in the 
college is highly partial to either Alan 
Batchelder or Mary Avery. Thus it 
may simply be a matter of organizing 
and expressing this sentiment - a task 
several students have embarked upon. 

But no matter what the final out-
come, Muir College will take a loss. 
Mary Avery and Alan Batchelder, no 
matter what their administrative 
failings may be, are first-rate coun-
selors. Both are intell igent, sens itive, 
dedicated and personable. . 

Similarly, John Stewart, though at 
times apparently capable of a!'l in-
timidating manner born of 
desperation, is a man also endowed 
with all of these more admirable 
qualities. Schmaltzy though it sounds, 
we consider him a farsighted gen-
tleman who is personally dedicated to 
Muir College in the most unequivocal 

terms. We are impressed with what he 
has accomplished so far, and with his 
plans for the future . 

But right now John Stew~rt is 
looking like the loser. Americans in 
general, and this generation of 
students in particular, are ·rarely. fond 

'of the man on top. And Stewart has 
been badly embarrassed by the r~cent 
Christmas-McCorry hassle. Add to this 
the apparently unwarranted . ter-. 
mination of two 'popular administrator-
counselors, and you have a situation in 
which student opinion is ripe to make 
its influence felt. 

We ourselves will not presume to 
make a final judgment. We will only 
make these observations : 

If John Stewart were a better ad-
ministrator, he would have been able 
to make Avery and Batchel'd.er, two 
obviously competent people, perf~rm 
up to any reasonable standard . 

On the other hand, the complaint of 
Avery and Batchelder that Stewart 
failed to communicate with them 
seems, from our vantage point, as bad 
a reflection on them as it is'on Stewart. 
Both are counselorsi besides this. 'the 
obligation to communicate does f10t lie 
solely with the boss. Further, both 
admit to neglecting cer~ain ad-
ministrative aspects of their jobs. 

All this must leave many thoughtful 
students in a difficult squeeze-:' To 
support Nlary Avery or Alan Bat-
chelder in a popularity contest is also. 
in effect, to push for the ousting of 
Stewart. This is a most unfortunate 
turn of events. The issue is not so black 
and white. 

triton tiInes 
He ... , D.partment 
Rose O. Costo 

Editor-in-Chief .. Haywood Gammon 
City Editor .. ...... Carl Neiburger' 

Rod Lorang 
Robert Miller 

Contributo .. 
Steve landa u 
Jim Sills 
Ar" Department 
Tom Beer 

Photog,aphy 
Jon Fronek 
Mett Hinton 
Adverti.ing 
Departmenl 
Marie Trilling 
Suson Codes 
Molly Selvin 

John Zoll.r 
Managing Editor .... .. Mike Klayer Ed Boyle 

Juliano Cinque 
Bobbie Fink 

Joy GilieHe 
Lorry Joh nson 
Sorgun TonI CopyEdilor . _ ..... Chuck Graham 

Busines Manager. _ .. ... Jeff Fried Brun Morden 
Fronk Phill ips 

Ken Bornes 
Editorial Director .. Raoul Contrera 
Associate City Editor . .. Owen Joyner Cliff Post Kathy Rust 

Corrie Rickey 
Arlit" 
Sorah MCp\enno 

Secr.loriol Slaff 
Steve Cohen 

Allan Selr.ulo Sheila Calhoun Molly Selvin Barbaro Simon 
Jeff Groham Arts Editor . ........ Terry Marak Don Greene 

George Sa,oni ~Dpy IHpar1m~nl 
A .. 't Managing Ed . D.bbi, Montgomery Sports Editor ....... Rocky HaHon Mike Roberts 

Paul T eyuier Joe Eostern Gleno Schroeter Photography Editor ... . John Zaller 
koney Breece. 

Comy Sharick 
Production 
Dove Buchbinder 

The TIlTON TIMES is officially recognized and supported as a student nowspop.r by lhe Communications Board 
of the University of Californ ia . Son D;.go, Building 250. MoHhews Compu •• La Jolla, California 92037. Publication 
;. twic, weekly on Tuesday. and Friday •. OffiCII are Iocaled in room 117, Bloke Holi . on the Revelle Campus. For 
Advorl i.ing phon. 453 ·2000, XI 0 17; for odilorial or ne"s phone X1016. 

Support Avery 
Editor: 

According to a recent 
TRITON TIMES account, Muir 
College Pro\ost John Stewart 
is firing his academic assistant 
Mary Avery and will replace 
her with tw 1 emp! 'jf¥q His 
plan is paTti( ularly interesting 
as it points I,P certain aspects 
of the discr mination against 
women that s SO pervasive on 
our campus. 

Stewart's reason for firing 
Miss Avery, as given by 11', is 
that she does not devote enough 
time to "academic projects 
which he considered to be an 
essential part of her job." Yet 
the person he plans to hire for 
these duties which he considers 
an essential part of an 
"academic assistant" job will 
have the title " deputy 
provost." 

new 
means that Stewart has 
decided to hire a man for the 

~sition . A survey of campus 
Job categories shows that most 
administrative titles implying 
authority are reserved for 
men, while most women in 
administrative positions have 
the word "assistant" as part of 
their official title. 

We sludic job 
classifications in a sample of 
more than 50 per cent of UCSD 
employees .. 93 per. cent of the 
admlnlstratlve assistants were 
female, while only 14 per cent 
of the jobs involving the title 
" officer " (a s in 
" administrative services 
officer"). or analyst" (as in 
" personnel analyst"), or 
manager (as in "bookstore 
manager ), were held by 
females. 

In addition to his deputy 
provost, Stewart will seek a 
person "holding a much lower 
rank" to assume responsibility 
for academic counseling. Miss 

the quality of counseling 
services offered to students. 
She holds a master's degree in 
coun seling and stude nt 
personnel administration, and 
seems to believe that a person 
holding a much lower rank 
would not be adequately 
prepared for the job. 

Her worries on this score are 
probably unnecessary. There ·is 
a good possibility that the 
University. as usual taking 
advantage of the limited job 
market for women. may be 
able to hire a woman with an 
advanced degree and extensive 
experience at a low level 
position. UCSD recently hired a 
woman with a master's degree 
as a lab assistant, and has been 
known to hire women with 
equal educational preparation 
as secretaries. Maybe the 
University will be lucky again. 
Such exploitation of women can 
be a significant source of 

II L I r / : .... 4 Triton Times FelN'ulry 26, 1971 I I I \1 "',! 

Third College-a Threat? 
Dr. Nick Aaron Ford, Prof. of English 

Morgan State College 
~"'.NoIe-

Dr. Ford, .. Sdbatieal leave, I" 
cad.diIIe • ..tiaaal .... y 01 Black Studies 
Prepua ... Amerieu ColIe&es. ne followiq 
artide relates • udeaa1ly lyadlcated coIl11Da 
by Rowlud Evu. aM R*rt Novak oa nircl 
CeUece. A aUDber 01 laaeearadea iIIlbe Evus-
Novak nIama ..... 1 Din! Colle&e ud UCSD ill 
,eaerai, ladlcate a "'lic lack 01 research. ne 
oaIy " view" prete.ted i. tltat 01 ProfeslOr Jack 
o..caal. Becaue 01 apaee limitalio •• , eertala 
part. 01 Dr. Fori', article ave bee. deleted. 

Under the caption "San Diego Third College 
Seen Threat," Evans and Novak declare that 
Third College in San Diego is a worse threat to 
higher educa tion in California than a rock 
through a window or a building in flames." They 
charge that "Third College - a new, semi-
autonomous institution designed to give Negro 
and Mexican American students a special 
break" endangers the quality of higher 
education by promoting "growing student 
involvement in academic decisions, lowered 
standards for students and faculty, radically 
and downward devised curricula ." 

They wlemnly charge that it is an alleged 
training ground for revolution, but the only 
proof they give to support the charge is that the 
student newspaper. subsidized by the college, 
demands the release of Angela Davis and 
exhorts students to " attend the revolutionary 
meeting of your choice." Good heavens! How 
obviously racist can columnists become without 
losing every shred of reader respect. I am 
certain they can find more serious threats to 
revolutionary action every week in any college 
newspaper whose editors possess a modicum of 
social concern. 

This college deserves further condemnation 
because " radicalism is creeping into 
classrooms. A course last term in leftist 
propaganda featured writers of Ho Chi Minh, 
Kwane Nkrumah and Che Guevera." Can one 
imagine these writers, who object to a college 
dedicated to the study of the cultural and 
philosophical history of southerners, not 
featuring the writings of John C. Calhoun, 
Robert E. Lee. and Henry Clay? 
STUDENT CONTROL- WEAKENED 

FACULTY 
But, these reporters lament, " the heart of the 

problem is admission of black and brown 
students to the Third College who do not qualify 
under strict standards applying to the rest of the 
University of California .. . Still more disturbing 
is the danger of a weakened faculty .. . with 
students given virtual control of faculty 
selection so far , a faculty chosen for leftish 
politi al views, rather than academic 
attainment, is a live possibility. Similarly, the 
curriculum is also molded by students in an 
academically unacceptable fashion. The new 
biology courses are viewed by professors here 
who have unsuccessfully fought their inclusion 
as glorified courses in public health and 
sanitation - vocational rather than academic." 

Now these last three changes are the most 
damaging of all . But how true are they? Three 
weeks ago I spent several days on the campus of 
Third College, which is an integral part of the 
University of California at San Diego. In my 
capacity as researcher into the status of Black 
Studies in American Colleges and Universities, 
[ interviewed Black Provost Joseph Watson, 
Black and Mexican-American professors, and 
students. I visited classes and student 
counseling sessions, and ate with students in the 
cafeteria. 

My refutation of these 
implications are based on my ini.f!rvipw. 
observations, and on printed or milmetlgrap 
documents in my possession. 

MANY COLLEGES GUILTY OF 
ADMITnNG UNQUALIFIED STUDENTS 

The reporters state that the worst evil 
Third College is guilty of is the adllniSSl1lI 
Black and Brown students who do not 
under strict standards applying to the rest 
University of California. But, if this is an 
many other colleges and universities 
equally as guilty, including all of the city 
state universities of New York. 

Many American colleges have accepted 
authentic evidence now available to prove 
" high risk" students admitted to 
perform better than regular students 
at the same time, and that a slightly 
percentage of the "high risk" students 
received a baccalaureate degree. 

The University of Texas reports that 
records covering approximately 35 
undergraduates with Spanish surnames 
more likely to receive a than 
Texans, even though the meX1C,an-,l\mel 
did not score as high on freshman 
exams." 

Clark and Plotkin (National 
Service) report that a considerably 
percentage of Black than non-black 
who enter interracial colleges 
graduate. Both studies suggest that 
motivation to obtain a college 
accounts for this difference. 

STUDENTS 00 NOT HAVE VETO 

The fear of a weakened faculty 
curriculum because of " virtual 
control. " is unfounded. At Third 
selection of faculty and 
curriculum are under the control of a 
Governors, consisting of four students and 
faculty members elected by their 
Decisions are made by consensus ra 
majority vote. Thus, students 
meaningful part in gov~rnance. but no 
power. 

The charge that the "new" biology 
are "glorified courses in public 
sanitation - vocational rather than acalderni, 
is true with the exception of 
"glorified ." The "new" courses are de!agne< 
part of a two-year science and 
vocational program for students 
prepared for careers in health 
medical technology. There are 
biology courses for students being nr"n"r,PlI 
entering medical college and for 
scientific research. 

Third College is the only college in the 
that is an integral part of a great IInrvpr'SIIV 
dedicated to an experiment 'in interracial 
embracing proportional representa tion 
four major ethnic groups : 
Mexican-Americans, Asian-Americans, 
Anglo-Americans (20 percent) . 

It is difficult to determine what 
this apparent calculated attack on this 
Could it be because the provost is Black 
majority of the faculty is non-white? Or 
simply be another manifestation of 
poisonous vapors of racism expressing 
once again. Whatever the the 
this article is to expose the 14""'''''''''':>, 
they result from the ignorance of the authors. 
calculated design. 

rna availa more fund s 
that can be used to attract and 
keep the kind of men who 
require higher pay and more 
impressive titles. 
Jan Fr81er NOW Task Foree 
on Academic Discrimination 

Reply to "(esar" 
Editor : 

In the article "Render Unto 
Cesar? Sil" Joe Bain goes to a 
lot of trouble to conceal the real 
evil of the UFWOC, the 
repression of individual rights, 
with some fancy phrases. After 
stating that "the facile laissez-
faire argument" for migrant 
workers who have been making 
it, presumably, lDlaided. 

when is it a sin to oppose an 
individual or group of people 
who force a person into an 
association before he can work, 
who can extract money from 
him without due process of law, 
or who dictate the views he can 
express once he's been forced 
into the association? This is the 
power the UFWOC has and 
some workers· are selfishly 
resisting. 

I think in this light ' 
corruption," or mere 
control over one 's nrrlN!l''tV 

Here's where Bain turns 
tricky with worda, denouncing 
thole Chicanos who are "too 
individualistically sellllh lf to go 
along with the UFWOC. Since 

\ , I' 

Continuing, Bain's denounce-
ment of the "materialistic 
self-interest" of the anti-
UFWOC workers tW'llS out to be 
a condemnation of the right to 
own the benefits of one's own 
labor (i.e. private property) 
without the worry that the state 
(of some union) wiD take them 
away in the name of 
righteousness and the good of 
the majority. The biglest 
problem the Third World 

I , 

life, is 
comparatively mild 
by-asaociaUon of a Cbavez 
is genuinely working for 
interests of .11 the 
workers ... If 

Which bringJ us to the 
point. How is It possible 
Chavez is working for 
terests of all the worlun 
he quite blatanUy lrlllllDitl 
the riCh&I of the 
worken? Or doll the fact 

The Dream Is Over w. ...... ............ 
Steve Landau 

Attempts to classify history into discrete time periods 
tend merely to serve the historian's convenience. Most 
social movements evolve gradually and fade slowly. After-
effects may last for quite some time. But as much as any 
single event. SMC's Laos meeting of March 10 brought to 
many the realization that an era is over. At the same time. 
it proved to be a microcosm of this era . 

If you're a fifth-year senior about to graduate, as I am, 
you 've lived through it from almost beginning to end. You 
might remember responding as a freshman in some 
bewilderment to a leaflet mourning the firing of UC 
President Clark Kerr by newly-elected Ronald Reagan. 
Kerr today would be an unlikely hero for the college 
activists. 

A!ovelDeatMatures 
From there the student movement of the latter 60's 

matured. We went through crises involving Cleaver, 
Marcuse, Third College, People's Park, Angela Davis, and 
Cambodia . Like any other movement, this one developed its 
own culture. I don 't mean only the stereotyped images like 
free love, dope, flowers and long hair. I also mean the whole 
set of political techniques. assumptions, rhetoric , and 
reactions that have come to typify it. 

At the recent SMC meeting the gamut of proposals 
presented and the array of speakers were. in themselves, a 
good crosssection of this period . Significantly, the first 
speaker of the ev~ning had been a leading figure in UCSO's 
first leftist group, SIL (Students of the Independent Left). 
SlL was perhaps the last group in which a really free 
diS!;ussion took place on the left at UCSD. 

Early in that meeting one sensed by their mood that the 
crowd wasn't ripe for mass action, as in the past. Yet you 
knew that many of the people present, following built·in 
reflexes that the movement had nurtured, would follow ' 
through with the same motions. It came as no surprise that 
first a march. then a strike, was proposed. 

Something was missing: you knew it instinctively. It was 
the spirit we once had. In past years there was the freshness 
of something untested that offered the hope of success. The 
magnitude of the issues covered up the factional differences 
that hadn't yet developed. There were leaders, but they 
hadn't become despotic . In those days the movement has 
mass appeal and Jim Sills to the contrary, the average 
student did support it-in whole or in part, at one time or the 
other, by active participation or passive sympathy. 

The Right Remains 
But strange things happened this time. The chairman was 

slightly less autocratic : some opposition viewpoints were 
even heard. The Right was flexing its muscles and the Left 
couldn't even generate the enthusiasm by which they were 
usually able to drown the former out. It should be noted that 
the Right has only slightly greater support than before. 
However, they are left as one of the only coherent factions 
on campus as the Left has turned in onto itself in 
factionalization. 

But even stranger things happened. Leftists in good 
standing were speaking against proposals for action. They 
did so not in the antagonistic and immature way of 
Kea ting 's gang. They questioned the effectiveness or 
appropriateness of such tactics at this particular time. They 
questioned whether, in fact , we had gained much in the past 
by them. This didn't come easily for them. In the past it was 
natural to gravitate towards the most militant action, and 
breaking ranks Was scorned. 

Only MovelDeat Veterans 
As [.looked around the cafeteria I noticed that something 

else was missing besides enthusiasm, and that was new 
faces. I saw many of the activist folk-heroes of the past. 
Some expressed disillusionment and sensed that a re-
evaluation was in the air. But others stil1 pursued their 
dream. Was it just a desire to "do it one more time for old 
time 's sake? " Or was it: "Let's do it up right this time so I 
can show you I was right? " It may have been both, but, 
more importantly, it was basically habit. 

Once again I noticed the fascination with receiving 
official sanction from " the students" for actions that were 
mainly individual for the most part, or could be best planned 
by one particular group-like SMC itself. More than ever, 
this seemed to be a sad admission that this sanction could be 
obtained only by acting as proxies in the absence of the bulk 
of the students. The Right, too, sought this security blanket 
by Citing their silly and meaningless resolutions of last 
quarter as proof of mass support (despite the fact that only 

JobaGaHey 

tervention Again 

recent Alflerican 
in Laos has restlrred 

annn ..... debate ~ the 
adv'enlJ~re . There are 

still some' who believe that 
such a military thrust can 
hasten the end of the war. But. 
quite apart from pragmatic 
considerations, there stands a 
moral issue : Does the 
existence of a condition of war 
justify every tactic for its 
prosecution? 

Christian teaching about just 
and unjust wars goes back in 
history at least as far as 
Augustine. Followers of other 
traditional religions generally 
agree with most of his criteria. 
Augustine required that : a ) the 
cause be just; b) those 
responsible for declaring and 
conducting war bave a right 
intention; c) the war be 
declared and prosecuted by 
rightful authority; d) there be 
a reasonable assurance of a 
successful outcome; e) the 
good effects must certainly 
outweigh the evil; f) the means 
must be ellclusively legitimate. 

I 1,'1 . I I I 

18 per cent of the student body actually voted yes on them). 
Through it all there was Laos, which in my opinion is even 

more serious than Cambodia. If you saw Mel Laird on TV 
the night the news embargo was on, you'd realize that' 
political chicanery has turned to outright deceit in the Nixon 
administration. Laos comes after the promises Nixon made 
after Cambodia, and his so-called Nixon doctrine. It 
confirms my belief that U.S. policy is reacting only to the 
hardships of war, rather than changing its goals. 

In light of this and the fact that things are only getting 
worse, it was sad to see the movement in such a state of 
decadence. The only optimistic sign is that perhaps the 
nature of that meetin~ wi\1 wake some p,cople up. Maybe it 
exposed the shortcomings of some who like to think they are 
in the vanguard- especially the viciousness of those few 
individuals who made threats of physical violence. As 
Marcuse teaches us, the conditions for the next stage of 
development are spawned by the contradictions of this 
stage. 

A Critical Negativism 
Marcuse also advocates a critical negativism (coupled 

with a careful consideration of dialectics ). What r have said 
here is mainly negative, but hOJM:fully something positive 
can be drawn from it. My negativism stems from a feeling 
that I sense many people have about the movement and 
politics- disillusionment and despair. I would be 
presumptuous to say that I know what will work, but I think 
I can recognize what won 't. 

The movement was appropriate for the times. It was our 
natural reaction as we became aware of our environment. It 
helped build a consciousness in the student community. It 
did have its effects. We had the strategic advantage- with 
fellow students and bewildered admimstrators especial1y. 
But now we don 't. 

For a movement to sustain itself for any length of time, to 
replenish itself with new recruits, it must be above al1 
flexible . Instead. the movement's repertoire always ends 
with marches and strikes, and occasionally non-productive 
violence. Often our energies are directed away from the 
real (and overwhelming) enemies to other targets- fel1ow 
students, hapless university administrators. (Did the 
students at the meeting ever think of York's views on the 
war-probably quite liberal- when discussing marching on 
hiS office? ) 

How To Use The Movement 
The leaders have developed narrow doctrines which they 

are now committed to exonerating. Others have latched on 
to the movement for ego-building purposes, or because 
it's fashionable.The SMC meeting showed that these leaders 
have not developed a durable base and that, in fact, they are 
helpless without the self-generated enthusiasm of a large 
crisis. And, even then. who knows if anyone would follow 
their leadership once again? 

The movement is dead ; long live the movement! Actually, 
though. it 's just this phase of the movement that 's dying. 
Movements die, but people and ideas don't. What has been 
valid thoughout will remain. There's hardly anyone among 
us who has lived through this period without having his 
fundamental outlook on American society turned around, or 
at least affected in some major way. It's pretty evident that 
the armies of change include most of the talented members 
of our generation. It's never been just a coincidence that 
in.tel1ectual centers have never been a bastion for he right 
wang. 

Hopefully we will reverse the trend towards exclusion in 
the movement and bring "the people" back in. Some of 
today's radicals will find that they have been passed by. 
Hopefully we wi\1 realize that the power of our common 
enemy is such that all doctrinal disputes pale in 
significance. Hopefully we will begin to move on many 
fronts with a new diversity and tolerance- within and 
outside " the system." 

More Individual Effons 
I think that it will increaSingly involve individual efforts. 

Marcuse, as much as part of us as anyone during this 
era- especially at UCSD, was quoted recently in a bOok by 
Dr. Robert Marks (The Meaning of Marcuse ). He said: " ... 
bu.t . 11)ost of all, I be!lve that the students now voicing their 
critICism of the socIety. they find t?emselves in will soon 
take the.lr places as p'?htJcal and SOCial forces in the society. 
Then thIS protest Will be felt ; it will progressively acquire 
power. And at an opportune time, it will induce radical 
change." 

Perhaps the poor showing at the SMC meeting was only 
because it wasn't spring yet. But I don't think so. Rather, I 
would agree with John Lennon who, in his latest and 
brilliant album proclaims that " the dream is over. " Or 
perhaps it's more like George Harrison says: "All things 
must pass ; al1 things must pass away." . 

Shock 

Pacific Honda-1277 Garnet 
272-5511 

That 's how many times PSA 
connects San Diego with Los 

Angeles . HOllywood-
Burbank. Ontario. 

Sacramento. and San Jose. 
With lowest air fares. Meet 

your campus rep 
halfway. Or your 

Long Beach. Oak- trave l agent. Or PSA. 
land . San Francisco. ~yau 

PAM BINKERD / 488-1393 

OlE OF THE YEAI'S 
10 lEST" =-c.:.::-
''mNMA 

IS 
SUPERBI 

a.......-.Y-=-ux 
..... .-.-.. 

_ ••••• LaS 
" ......... -w.. I.Mna. IIAI. 

;;~._ ...... AU. ..-," 
-V_,~.N. Y. r_ 

A ... ., lUIS BUNtJEl 
~ CATHERINE DENEUVE 

FRANCO NERO 

Ollega 
Tortuous reasoning has been 

required by religious leaders to 
justify any part of American 
actions in these terms. Their 
ability to do so at al\ may 
indicate ,that these standards 
are transparent in the face of 
modern warfare. 

Editor: ( P I hh I was genuinely shocked to ar 00 s-Arg mOrning pick-ups, but forgot to 
call you so you could tell your 
child to look for a different car, 

But the prinCiple remains 
that any intervention must 
never devia te from the good of 
the party being helped. And it 
is worthwhile trying to keep 
ends from being destroyed by 
evil means. 

The chain of fatalistic 
acceptance (that we are there 
now so we must bear with 
whatever is required ) mu t be 
broken at one of its odious 
links. The Indochina war and 
its dehumanized values must 
be renounced. 

l ~ar~ of Mis s Avery's . Editor: 
dismISsal. Mary offered me 
invaluable academic counsel-
ing as an undergraduate ; her 
ability to grasp the essential is 
tha t of a polished profes ional. . 
In addition to her abilities as a 
counselor Mary is warm and 
personable. The student IS an 
individual- not U 77524 000. 

It is unfortunate that the 
channels of communication be-
tween Provost Stewart and one 
of his most talented assistant 
should have been so hallow. Or 
is this the administration's 
crude way of saying that Mi s 
Avery's approach to coun ling 

~s ~m~thing our grade " A" 
In tltutlon can no longer 
afford? 

NldScraIUu 
Grad, Ht...,. 

Do you have a child attending and person? 
Torrey Pines Elementary Did you finally ask someone 
School? Do you drive in one or why there wasn't a school bus 
more of the many cars pools for these kids? 
now organized(? ) at the Mesa Did anyone ever tell you that 
or Coast apartments? Have you every ~d 001 has funds 
given up hope that a school bus allocated lor transportation but 
will be provided for these ap- that they ~netimes are used 
proximately 100 children? Did for other things instead, liIte to 
you miss a lecture today improve their educ.tional 
because yoW' little boy was JII'OIr'_u wtIl~'1 ~d .elll 
confused as to who he was to yoW' child? (That is if you eou1d 
ride home with 01\ Wednesdays get yoW' child to school)? 
and the school called you and Car pools are DOt the answer! 
you bad k> go pick him up? UCSD parents of Torrey PInes, 

When you called the person UNITE!! Cali 4$3.8901, W-17f1, 
you thought was suppoeed to or ~ so we can lOIn this 
pick up your child did he te11 you procram. 
that he had switched witb a ~ 
neighbor from Wednelday .... ..... 

TrItIn TI..... F ..... ry 26,1971 ..... . I I II 



the thumbing troubadour 
Carrie Rickey act is a form of non-
Arts Writer institutionalized viewing! par-

ticipation. Avadon-Black is 
His name IB Avadon-Black. "trying to develop a new ap-
He is a refugee from the proach to self-support." He 

School of Theatre Arts at UCLA. doesn't believe in the type of 
The only items he took with entertainment where the viewer 

him when leaving Los Angeles pays for his ticket and expects 
were his backpack, sleeping something in return. He en-
bag, and theatrical abilities. tertains, then, "after the show 

Since departing from L.A., he is over, people can respond 
has hitchhiked over 27,000 miles individually with any type of 
to various colleges and donations." 
universities to present his act: As opposed to most per-
he wants to "recreate the formers, Avadon·Black sticks 
people I've ridden with hit- "around after the show, I don't 
chhiking-truckers, soldiers, run to my dressing room." He 
salesmen . .. things that happen. says, " As an artist you perform 
. . how it's like to live out of a art within the context of the life· 
backpack ... how it feels to be an style that you choose. I don't 
outsider and a stranger ... " choose to be a part of com· 

His act is compiled from two mercial or conventional 

I've been able to continue receiving giftI and donations, 
traveling." tends to give him hwnlllty. 

When Avadon·Black comes to "When Ileave a college and I'm 
a university or college he Is not on the road hitchhiking the 
"booked" in advance, h.! people who pa.u by me don't 
merely appears. He contacts know what has just happened to 
the drama or tm:atre ~innan me .. .I was a performer, a 
of the college or mstitutlon, and friend to those students but to ex~lains hi~ un.scheduled the people on the road I"m just 
arrival and hlB desU'e to per· another hiker. . .that cycle 
form. He thereby procures a keeps me hlUTlble." 

p~ce to perform. People t.urn You might have seen Avadon· 
him ~n to meals and ho~, Black during the last few days 
and 10 return, he entertams in Revelle Plaza doing a 
these people. Avadon says, . . . 
"When people have a chance to mysterious maglCl8D. act. 
meet you they have a sense of You might have seen Avadon· 
being close to you." B~ck ,at the last. Fri~y ~ite 

He explains that his Flicks ~resen~tlon IDvolv~g 
troubadour existence con· the audience 10 a startling 
sisting of going to c~lleges, Evangelist scene. 
establishing a following, getting You can see Avadon-Black 
to share his experiences with tonight at the Anomaly Fac-
the audience and in return tory, 257 Matthews, at 8 p.m. 

years of traveling and hit- theatre." Avadon says of the .. ___________________ .. 
chhiking. Quite different from free admission to his per-
the old-style escapist en· formance : "It's for free, yet 
tertairunent, Avadon·Black's with the support o.f my audience 

Do You Believe 
In Magic? 

Howard Daughters 
Arts Writer 

Do you believe in magic? At 8:30 p.m. Saturday, Feb 27, the 
Magician will appear -not in a puff of smoke, but in the person 
of John Sebastian, in an ASUCSD Program Board-sponsored 
concert in the UCSD gym. 

John B. Sebastian was the leader of the Lovin' Spoonful, 
supplying the lead vocal and song writing talent for the group. 
His driving force behind the group led to many hits, such as 
"Summer in the Ciy" and "Daydream." But, as many groups 
break up, the Spoonful died,leaving Sebastian on his own. 

By himself John Sebastian has the qualities of many, rolled 
into one. He excels in making people happy. His songs reflect the 
happy side of life, the side often overlooked in a world of war and 
hate. In addition to a mellow voice, Sebastian also accompanies 
himself on the guitar, autoharp, harmonica, and other in-
struments. 

This is the first major concert in quite a while for UCSD, the 
last one being the Boz Scaggs thing in November. When asked 
why John Sebastian was chosen to appear in concert here, Dan 
Spellens, ASUCSD Program Board Chairman, replied, 
"Sebastian presents the kind of musical format we haven't seen 
this year at UCSD-a getting away from the rock and roll, to a 
mellower sound; one in which the emphasis is on the lyrical 
content. This concert is a part of a continuing attempt to 
diversify our programming in such a way that, by the time this 
AS Council's term is up, there will have been at least one thing 
for everyone." 

Appearing with John Sebastian will be a local group, Roy 
Raisin, a country-based rock band. All in all, the concert should 
be an evening of good sounds, with a touch of reality amidst a lot 
of happiness. 

Tickets are only a dollar for UCSD students, but they are 
scarce, as 900 of the 2000 student tickets were sold in the first day 
of sales. otherwise, ticket prices are $2.50 for other college 
students and $3 for everyone else. The tickets are available in 
. the Urey Hall Box Office through Friday, Feb. 26. 

FOk stRAI<iHtS 

'Ige 6 Triton Tlm.s F.brulry 23.1971 

hit: 

n Sebastian will be perfoming in concert this 
Saturday night in the UCSD gym at 7:30. 

POSSIBILITIES' I 
"Keyboard Music 
From 1325 to 1600" 

Dr. Colin Slim, chairman of 
the Music Department at UC, 
Irvine, will be guest lecturer at 
the Renaissance Music Seminar 
at UCSDThursday, Feb. 25. The 
subject of his illustrated lecture 
will be "Keyboard Music from 
1325 to 1600," and the lecture is 
scheduled from 4 to 6 p.m. in 
room 2346 of the Humanities 
and Social Sciences Building 
(2D), Muir college. It is free and 
open to the public. 

Slim, a noted specialist in 
Renaissance musle, holds a 
B.A. in musicology from the 
University of British Columbia 
and an M.A. and Ph.D. from 
Harvard. In 1969 he was ap-
pointed as a Harvard Fellow to 
the Villa I Tatti in Florence, 
Italy, for six months of private 
study. 

His latest book, "A Gift of 

Motets and Madrigals for King 
Henry VIII" will be published in 
1972 by the University of 
Chicago Press for the Newberry 
Library. 

In addition to books, Slim has 
written many articles and 
reviews for such magazines as 
the Musical Quarterly and the 
Journal of the American 
Musicological Society. 

''Hay Fever" Opens 
At Old Globe 

One of the most popular 
comedies of the 1920's, "Hay 
Fever," will be staged by the 
Old Globe Theatre. The Noel 
Coward farce, opening a five-
week run today, Is guest 
directed by Wi1Ilam Roesch. 

Costumes, hair-styles and 
mannerism will be used by the 
actors to indicate the period 
comedy. A typical English 
COlU'ltry home of the 1920's has 

E cape real 
"Unmasking the Unknown" 

ANDRE KOlE 
America's Leading Illusionist 

S,....king on spiritualism and 
communication with the dead 

UCSD Gymnasium 
One Dollar 

Tklr.h eY.I"'" If UCSD lex OHk. _If ..... ,. 

been designed by Peggy 
Kellner. 

Noel Coward's principal 
characters in "Hay Fever" 
include a flamboyant and un· 
predictable actress, her 
unassuming husband, and their 
independent son and daughter. 
They are spending a weekend at 
their English country home. 

Without informing others, 
each family member has in-
vited a guest for the weekend. 
Tempers flare when the four 
individuals arrive to be housed, 
fed and entertained. The family 
become bored with their guests 
and develop imaginative 
methods to encourage their 
departure. 

Bette Laws and Burt Miller 
will portray the wlinhlblted 
parents with Ruth Nordgron 
and Dan Davis as their free-
thinking children. Julia 
Brandley Frampton is a 
seductive divorcee, Serena 
PraU is a shy ingenue, Tom 
Cosgrove is a rising young 
diplomat and William Parker is 
a youthful athlete. Betty Bolli is 
the family retainer and maid. 

Students through college may 
purchase reaerved seat tickets 

at $1.50 each, except Saturday 
evenings. This is a 40 per cent 
reduction. Advance reser· 
vations are suggested, 239-2255 
after noon. 

Evening performances are 
scheduled nightly except 
Monday through March 28. 
Three Sunday matinees will be 
performed Feb. 28, March 14 
and March 28. 

Electronic Music 
in Sweden 

Lars-Gunnar Bodin, chair· 
man of the Music Department 
of the Fylkingen Instltute in 
Stockholm, will be guest lec· 
turer of the UCSD Music 
Department today. 

The subject of dIacussIon will 
be electronic music in Sweden. 
Bodin will describe the newly· 
constructed electronic music 
studio In Stockholm, which II 
the most advanced of its ldnd, 
and will perfonn some elec· 
tronIc pieces. 

The lecture II ICheduled for 
noon in the Recital Hall, 408 
Matthews Campus, and Is free 
and open to the pubUc. 

Summer Sport Camp 

UalD's Physical Education Department will conduct the first 
Annual SlUTlmer Sports Instructional Program fir boys aoo 
girls ages ~15. There will be two twa-week sessions. 

Session I : Monday, August 2 to Friday, August 13. 
Sessioo IT : Monday, August 16 to Friday, August 27. 

Classes will meet daily, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 12 
noon. Instruction will be offered in basketball, badminton, fit· 
ness, golf, gymnastics, swimming, tennis , trampoline, 
volleyball and weight training. 

ElD'ollment in each session will be limited, and the cost per 
child will be $25 per session. Each child will be provided with 
locker, towel service and SP<l'ts equipment at no extra charge. 
All personal clothing, i.e., tennis shoes, swim suits, gym soorts 
and shirts, etc. must be provided by each child. 

To request an application or additional information, call the 
Physical Education Department 453-2AlOO, ext. 2275. 

UCSD Swap Meet 
Wed. March 10. Gym 6-10 p.m. 

Tennis Club Tournament 
Feb. 27, Sat. 9am. 

Open to Students, Faculty Staff 
$1 per team 

Register in PE Office 
Men's and Women's Doubles only 

Sports Writers 
-----NEEDED 

See Rocky 

ONCE IN A LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY 
for the ADUL T MOVIEGOER see 
the STRONGEST most EXPLICIT, 

most ENLIGHTENING and FINEST 
--.-~.motion·picture ever produced.lWE 'STAKE 
OUR 10 YEAR REPUTATION THAT THIS IS 
THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR. 
(If you are easily offended by total sexual explicitness, please 
do not attend.) 

AMERICA\ 
CAUGHT 
. WITH 
ITS 

. PANTS 
DOWN 

nm m 
'HE EROTIC TRANSITION 

.. PLUS SECOND FEATUR~ 

CALL THE THEATRE FOR UNPRINTABLE 
2NQ FEATURE - AND THE HOTTEST 16 MM 

LOOPS EVER PRODUCED. 

Carouse Colorado 
During All-Cal 

Winter Carnival 
UCSD Ski Club 
Announces Trip 

For an exciting week of 
carousing during your precious 
vacation at Easter, come with 
the UCSD Ski Club to 
Purgatory, Colorado, for the 
All·CaI Winter Carnival. You 
will get five days of all-day lifts, 
five nights' lodging, and they 
also let you eat five breakfasts 
and dilUlers . 

1 ritons Drop T"ird 
10 Westerners 14-63 

Mike Roth 
Sports Writer 

In a somewhat ragged game Friday night, 
UCSD was defeated by the Westerners of USIU 
for the third time this year, 74 to 63 . The Tritons 
shot a low 36 per cent from the floor and at the 
same time managed to make 26 turnovers, while 
the Webterners weren't far behind with 23 tur· 
novers. 

The game opened with a promise of a well· 
played contest by both teams. Midway through 
the half USIU led the Tritons by three points, 18 
to 15. With approximately seven minutes gone 
the Tritons suffered what looked like a serious 
setback when Mark Wilson left the game with a 
cut near his left eye. Luckily the injury did not 
turn out to be serious and Mark was back in the 
game five minutes later. With 5:30 left in the half 
the Tritons struggled back to tie the score at 24 
all, then fell back by six in the next two minutes. 
The score at halftime was Tritons 32, Westerners 
33. 

If skiing isn't enough to keep 
you busy, there will be beer and 
wine slaloms, ski Jumping 
demonstrations, races (you can 
always try) , parties and dan-
ces. If the days aren't enough to 
tucker you out, the evenings will 
for sure! 

Carouse away during March 
21-27; but first you should get 
your ticket, before March 12 
(deadline), at the Urey Hall 
Ticket Office. 

The opening minutes of the second half were 
also well-played and as a result the sc(re was 
quite close. After four minutes USIU led by a 
slim margin of two points, 41 to 39. At that point 
the Tritons' gamed seemed to fall apart as their 
offense fell on hard times due to very cold 
soooting. By the time Coach Cunningham called 
time out with 13: 46 remaining the opponents had 
jumped ahead to stay by a score of 54 to 40. At 
this stage UCSD had trouble even getting the ball 
upcourt, and when they did, they often gave it 
away by taking bad shots. The Westerners built 
up their greatest lead of the game, 23 points, with 
seven minutes remaining. The home team didn't 
give up, but despite their hustle, their play was 
still ragged and erratic. With 3:00 remaining 
USIU scored their final point, making the score 
USIU 74, UCSD 53. The Tritons steadily cut the 
lead down, but it was too late as the bllZzer 
sounded ending the game with a final score: 

Steve Hoch & Mark Wilson go after rebound 
against USIU. Hoch and Wilson were higb 
rebounders with 14 and 16 respectively. 

Price : $103 .85 with tran· 
sportation (a great big bus), 
$63.li without transportation 
(you get yourself there 
somehow). 

Remember: Dates: March 21-
27. Deadline to buy tickets: 
March 1%. For more In· 
formaUon caD: Don Campbell 
or Kirk Newell at t53-8865. 

USIU 74, UCSD 63. 
Tim Collins of USIU led both teams in scoring 

with a total of 25. Steve Hoch led UCSD with 15 
points and was second only to Mark WilsCll in 
rebounding with 14. Mark, despite his injury, 
was high rebounder for both teams with 16. Brian 
Todd also managed to score in double figures 
with 10, while Jon Lelevier and Dave Wright 
each scored nine. 

with five secooos remaining in the game when 
Josh Grey of the Westerners scored a three point 
play on a drive to the bucket, tying the score at 66 
apiece. This took some of the spirit out of the 
TritClls and they were unable to meet the 
overtime challenge. Despite the loss, Triton 
forward Geoff Kostyshak played his finest ga me 
of the season, scoring 29 points and taking down 
11 rebounds. He hit an incredible 92 per cent 
from the floor, connecting on 12 of 13 shots, aoo 
also making five out of six free throws. Tom 
Bruice was hot also, scoring 18 points, while John 
Woodward contributed 13. High men for the 
Westerners were John Sullivan with 16, Josh 
Grey with IS, and Bob Rhynes with 14. Both 
teams displayed a scrappy man·ta-man defense 
throughout the entire game. The Tritoo defense 
was spearheaded by the hustle of guard Malcohn 
King, who was largely responsible for hokling 
Josh Grey to his lowest point total of the year 
against UalD. 

UalD: Hoch IS, Todd 10, Wilson 6, D. Wright 9, 
Lelevier 9, Gregory 8, S. Wright 3, Carlisle 2, 
Bruice I, total 63. The JV team came within an eyelash of 

defeating USIU earlier the same evening, but 
suffered their third loss to the Westerners this 
year, 75 to 72. The Tritons held a three'floin t lead 

USIU: Brush 4, Collins 25, Burrows 14, 
Thornton 12, Stevenson 6, Davis I, Morris 4, 
Garten 4, Vilven 4, total 74. 

INTERDISIPLINARY COURSE 
IN RELIGIOUS STUDIES 

# 11 - 4 Credits - Spring Quarter 
C •• ',mpe,.ry A",.oclt.s " ,Ite r, •• sCln",,,, 

Explore various approaches to the transcendent from 
Eastern and Western Mystisism to LSD, Marxism and 
the Commune. 

Tues. alld Thurs. 2:00 - 3:30 

Nothing's more useless at tax time than a stack 
of rent receipts. Yet most renters don 't realize 
how easy it is to own a new home and how big a 
tax advantage comes with ownership. 

Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly 1/3 of 
their total payments back as a tax dollar 
gain ... year after year! And look at these other 
advantages. Their payments (unlike rent) never 
go up. They build equity in their home. They 
(not their landlord ) enjoy steadily rising real 
estate apppreciation. All ' together, many 
homeowners find that when they finally sell, 
they've lived virtually "Free" . (To say nothing 
of the fact that they've lived better: more 
space, amenities and freedom.) 

Here's how It could work for you. Let's say you 
pay $175 a month. That's $21 ,000 in the next 10 
years . But if you buy at Pacific Soledad ($35,950 
on a 3O-year FHA loan) your principal and 
interest deductions would provide a tax dollar 
gain of $10,500 during those same years. And 
you'd have $4,- in equity plus a piece of 
property probably more valuable than when you 
bought It. 

JOINT PURCHASE- ANOTHER WAY TO 
TAME THE TAX BITE 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounts 
• Official SOFA agent for over 2000 in ter·European student 
charter flight 
• International Student 10 cord 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 

.• 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London·Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA 

11687 San Vicente Blvd . #4 
L. A. Calif. 90049 
(213) 826-5669 

It's also practical for two singles to buy a home 
jointly. Each person receives $5,250 in tax dollar 
gain, and their effective monthly payment is 
only $102. And the joint purchase isn't 
complicated. Vesting of title, buy and sell 
agreements, etc. can be tailored to your desires 
and best intere ts. 

For the details showing exactly what the tax 
difference between renting and buying can 
mean to you, visit Pacific Soledad today ... ofi 1·5 
at Garnet, west to Soledad Ml. Rd ., then north 
to Randall and the model ; or call Bob 
Waybourn, project manager at 272·3968. 

PACIFlD SOLEDAD 
2459 Beryl St. 

An activity of the U.S. Financial Group. 
IOn the average, $175 per month rents a &SO • 
ft . apartment in a high density building, one 
uncovered parking space and no view. If you can 
afford this, you can probably afford a Pacific 
Soledad home with 3 bedrooms, 2111 baths, 1,675 
sq. ft . llet living area, carpeted, fenced , 
landscaped, two fireplaces, self-cleaning double 
oven range, dish·washer, patio, balcony, cable 
TV, 2 car garage and a great Mission Bay View. 

Triton Tim" Ftbrulry 26, 1971 ' ''' 7 

I · 



J~b~r..11! 
LECl'URES-noon, 409 Matthews; 
Music Seminar ; Lars·Gunnar 
Bodin, "Swedish Electronic 
Music." 

1:30 p.m. 2402 2A ; Physics 
Seminar; Dr. J . Smith, "Beyond 
the Local Density Approximation: 
Surface Properties of the Face of 
Tungsten." 

4 p.m. 2145 Ritter Hall ; 
Oceanography Seminar; Steve 
Pazan, "The Generation of Surface 
Waves." 

7:30 p.m., HL Aud ; Urey 
Krotkow, "Cultural Regimentation 
in Russia." 

4 p.m., Salk Institute ; Dr. 
Waddmgton, " Physical Reality in 
Paint. " , 

MEETINGS-ll a.m., pool patio; 
Women's conditioning. 

noon, gym ; Men's conditioning. 
noon, 2101 2A ; Triton War Game 

Society. 
3:30 p.m. HL Aud ; San Diego 

division of the Academic Senate. 
7:30 p.m., Revelle informal 

lounge ; Alpha Phi Omega 
MOVIE-USB 2622, noon ; • 'Channel 
Flow of Compressible Fluid." 
TELEVISION··noon, KOGO 
Channel 10; Acting Chancellor 
York will be a guest on the "Noon 
News" to discuss "UCSD in the 
70's." 
RADlO-ll p.m., KFMB (760); Mr. 
John Moore will be guest on 
"Topic " to discuss " The 
University Hospital of San Diego 
Coul)ty." 

WEDNESDAY, 
February 24 

MEETlNGS-7 p.m., 11th floor 
lounge, Muir dorms ; Mecha 
meeting. 

7: 30 p . m " USB 2622 , 
Premed :Predent meeting for all 
who will be applying to Medical 
and Dental School for the class 
entering in Fall 1972 
FOLK DANClNG- 8 p.m., 304 
Matthews ; Scandinavian folk 
dancing instruction ; partner 
helpful but not essential, coat: $.25 
DINNER··S p.m., University 
Lutheran Church ; $.25 dinner 
sponsored by UCSD Ecumenical 
Students; All welcome. 

,eu saw" Oft fy 
s.nsual & th.rapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~~ 

.,.v" .. 
" .... 

~ ~o'" ~ ·#lIs"'(J 
AIR FRAME ' 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
........... 1 • • " .... 1 51 .. , 

The Waterhole 
4212 

II 00Ieft ...... 

MOVIES-Unicorn Theater, Paul 
William's " The Revolutionary" 
With : Jon Voight and Seymour 
Cassel ; continuous through Mar. 2. 
LECTURES--4 p.m., Z402 Applied 
Physics and Math. Bldg., Muir. 
Sociology Colloquium , M.N. 
Srinias, " The Indian Village, Myth, 
and Reality." 

4 p.m., 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO, 
Dr. Peter Williams, "A Study of 
the Heterotrophic Uptake and 
Decomposition of Organic Material 
in the Sea" 

THURSDAY, 
February 25 

MEETING··3 p.m., Revelle 
informal lounge ; Lance Beizer, 
selective service advisor, would 
like to meet with those in the 
process of filing for Conscientious 
Objector status and those who have 
gone through the process and would 
like to share what you have 
learned. 
MUSIC-8:3O p.m., San Diego 
Community Concourse Theatre ; 

~-" Diego Symphony Orchestra. 
LECJ'URES-noon, Sumner Aud ; 
Ron Nolan and Bob Johnson, "33, 
120 minutes Aboard the 
MELVlLLE-Qver the Rail in the 
Kuroshio Current. " 

FRIDAY February~6 
1:30 p.m., 3070 USB ; Dr. J . 

Downward, " Longitudinal Noise 
Oscillations in a Plasma Capacitor 
at the Cyclotron Harmonics." 

4 p.m., 234620; Dr. Colin Slim, 
" Keyboard Music from 1325 to 
1600." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB ; Mr. Martin 
Cohen, "The Mt. Lemmon IR 
Observa tory. " 

8 p.m., IGPP Conference Room ; 
Dr. A. Sylvester, "Measurement of 
Crustal Strain in the Santa Barbara 
Channel." 

8 p.m., UCSD Gym ; Dr. C. 
Waddington , " The Human 
Condition : Crisis and Promise." 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB--7:30 
p.m., Revelle Informal Lounge, A 
GLIMPSE OF SCOTLAND, 
program of music, art, and dances ; 
All welcome. 
MOVIES-7 :30 p.m., USB 2722, 
Friday Night Flicks, " Bullitt" 
SPORTS··4 p.m. , swimming, UCSD 
vs. Cal Poly Pomona, here 

3:30 p.m., swimming, UCSD vs. 
San Diego State, there 

Basketball , UCSO vs. Biola" 
here, var lly 8 p.m .. Junior Varsity 
6p.m. 

., 

~MI"ltudentl ,.-rtl full tim., 13 Work. looking for ttn. people 
hr. plul achoilrshlp. ClII 22... to work full or Plrt time. ClII 
2164. (R) 755.1009. 
EUROp,E: 5225·52'0. AIIO 
ISRAEL llId JAPAN Sprl .. 
llId SUmmer fllghtl IVllilble 
ClII 755·"" Ifter 5 p.m., or 
writ. E.S.E.P.-UCSD 1217 
Bev.rly Blvd., Loa AngI"', 
Cllif. 

(5/11) 
-

Puppy, F. Sh.Husky X, It 
,..~ rilly Wed., Bilbol Plrk. 
At lIurel. 2 .... 1_ • PLEASE I 

·/23 
FOLK DANClNG- 8-12 p.m., old 
Cluster I library, MC, Instruction 
from 8-9 :30, Cost: $.25 
LECTURES-12 noon ; 2100 Basic 
Science Bldg., School of Medicine, 
Dr . Jose M.R. Delgado , 
"Electrical and Chemical Blocking 
of the Monkey Forebrain" 

4 p.m., 2100 Basic Science Bldg., 
School of Medicine, Dr. Per F. 
Scholander , " Topics in 
Respiration·Diffusion of gases 
through Liquids" 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Student directories are available 
free with presentation of student 
1.0. at the student activities office, 
ground floor of Urey Hall . 
Anyone intereste<l in playing or 
learning lacrosse call Tony at 273-
3321 after 10 p.m. or leave message 
at ext. 1351. 

All applications for Financial Aid 
for 1971-1972 must be submitted to 
the Financial Aids Office, Bldg. 
250, MC by March 15, 1971 

52" RT LA to Europe " " to 
tI 15 or " 30 to tI • 
lIrge Slvl .. s on CUI Ind 
chut.r flights to 1.,111, 
Greec., other countrill. 
Prof. Bent .. r UC. (213) m·5200 
cl 0 Si.rrl TrlV.1 of Bev.rly 
Hills 9175 Slntl MonlCl Blvd., 
Los A ...... , 90212 

(3/12) 
Europe Chut.r Flights. 
Slverll Schedules round trip or 
ont·WlY. From Wilt COist to 
London, Amst.rdlm, Frink· 
fort, Coordlnltor: Prof.ssor 
Mlrvlr.t Pili 247 Roycroft 
Ave. Long Belch 90103 -t31-
2179. 

(2/23) 
Need one (girl) room mit. to 
shire I IIrge house with thrM 
others Inci I pllno Ind I fir. 
pllce. S77.50 • month. 755-7621 . 

(21 26) 

Europe chlrters. 50 De,.r. 
tures, .Iso from N.Y., AfricI, 
Indi. , Isrlel. 60% Off. FrM 
info: EASC,323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Clllf., 90210. 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. 

(5/11) 

Servlc •• 
Live-in position. Room wlnted 
by fe...... grldult. ltud.nt 
IIMr clm ..... T.I: FREIA cJ 0 
453-1115. Cllil ... : 45 I.m. or 
Itter • p.m. 

(2/26) 
Typing .•. Experl.nc.d typo 
1st •.. T.rm ,.pen, ","", 
Electric typewrlt.r. Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. (R) 

Is Vour Auto Sick or Tired 
Try Jlm.s Automotlv. Slrvlc. 
Am.rlCin Ind For.lgn Clrs 
R.,.lrs Ind Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7741 H.rschel 
II Jolli (in the r.lr) 459·9111 

(R) 

Typing - for Iccurlte Typing 
on electric plCl - t.rm ,.pers, 
theses, mlnuscripts, .tc. ClII 
Mrs. McCroskey 2'7·1607. 

. (R) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modeat 
btll. Sltisflclion is the .nd 
product. Helen 45'· ... 

(R) 
Students wife would Ilk. full 
time blby sitting lob. 525 per 
we.k. Experl.nced with 
references. 453-0525. 

(21 2') 

A BETTER· BEDI KI .. liz. 
Wlter bed. $55.00. The Wlt.r 
Hole, 4212 EI Cllon Blvd., 210· 
2611. (R) 
VIIM'" . 1'" l00cc twin, luat 
broken In Ifter engine rebuild. 
Good trlftlportltlon Iftd 
potentill dirt blk.. hit oH ... 
over $100. 453-4539 Ilk for 
WlllOII Jill. 

(2·26) 
ORGV SI .. 

KI .. Size Wlt.r Beds W. High 
Qullity Am.rlCin Miele Ind 
gUlrlftt •• d 20 YII,.. Th. 
Pilstlc Oedn. P.O. Box 1052, 
II MIll, ClIIf., '2041 

, (2/ 23) 
1"7 Dltsun, 4 door Hdln, 
lutomltlc with rldlo. Good 
condition . .,,5. Phone Xl072 or 
454·7352. 
Wlt.rbeds, .. st mid., 
gUi rlnteecl . King Sll. , x 7 • 
534.50, 51 .... , x 4 • $23.50, 222· 
9175 .venlngs. 

(2/26) 
For SI.. Girls (10) Speed 
P.ugeot IXcell.nt condition. 
u.s. ClII 453·3'70. 
'67 Grind Sport 400 Conv., 

(Buick Ilk. olels 442) best offer. 
Must sell. ClII Pit Itt.r , p.m. 
454-0670. 
Drums SII ... rilnd 5150 or beat 
oHer. ""st sell. 45'·3123. 

(2/23) 
Slie • '67 La MlM, low mllllg •. 
Excellentenglne, Ilr condo P.S., 
P.B., RI H. $1650. CIII 45U111. 

(2/23) 

The Free University of San 
Diego (FUSD) needs teachers. 
Teach your skills to others who are 
interested in a non-coercive 
education. 

Is WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT 
Last quarter FUSO had courses 

in VW repair , weaving, sculpture, 
literature, sandlemaking, marine 
biology, etc. 

Send course descriptions with 
full information on how to get in 
touch with you to FUSD, Box 72, 
Route I , Del Mar 92014. 

Deadline s for course 
descriptions are Monday, March 1. 
So mail them today. 

Vangaurd Recording Artists 

The George Stavis 
Group 

plus 
Paul Potash 

/ \ . for YOU? 

It can be now, with the former 

, 
, 
, 

QUEEN ELIZABETH . 

IIIJ(, "nII~rM 
84,£6,.. 

~SNN"1JfJ 
7f7.31'l.D 

Admission $2.50 
Fri.-Sat.-Sun.-open 8 p.m. providing more accommodations and lower rates 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

235- 8328 

If 
JM .e .e",". III .. .., ",Ies 

__ • ~ r.,. 

---- . yew dMI_ .'W .......... k_ 
-~,.,.,.. 
No phone (ails S.., ill ..... SH JohII 
PAC~r~C 

YAMAKA 
.. II,..' '" 
Hile .... ."·111 

the 
fashionable 
affordables 
are at 

Mleeion Velie, Center. 
Oroamont Center 

" 

-

...... TrItoII n.. F .... ry H, 1971 .. 

/ 
I 

.I 

(,~~ 
( .. - . 

. .. 

jl' l The unforgetlable . enormou~ly enriching experience of a seme~ler at sea is 
. - now within the range of most college students. Minimum co~t ~ have been 

reduced as much as $725 (from $3575 down to $2850. which includes 
round· the·world passage . meals. air·conditioned accommodalions. and full 
luilion) . A student can atlend World Campus Afloat for a seme~ter ;Jnd still 
receive credit for the work back at his home campus. 

The ship is your classroom. and the world is your laboratory ... you'lI 
drop anchor in the mo~t exciling ports of Africa . Asia, and Latin America. 
listen to a leclUre on Ihe ~Ieps of Ihe Taj Mahal. skin·dive off the coast of 
New Zealand. Send the coupon today for information and application form~ 
for the fall semester 1971 or subsequent voyages. Scholarships and financial 
aid available. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
: ( PLEASE PRINT) • 
• Mr. 
• Mrs. 
• M iSS,-------:-L-as-:-t------'"FI-::::rs:;-t----~I;:-n:;;,ti::;a(;--­
• 
• Permanent 
: Address---------,S"'t-re-e7""t -------- -:H:-o-m-.-;;:Ph:-o-n~e 
• : City ___________ State _______ Z,p __ _ 

Address 
At SChOOI--------;S::':tr::-.::.t--------- Campus Phone 

City ___________ Stlte ________ llp, ___ _ 

Name 01 
kh~I _______ ~ _____________________ ~Y.-.-'-,n~k~h:-~~I 

WORLD CAMPUS 
AFLOAT 

MAIL TODAY TO 
CHA .... AN COLUOI. 

... CCIS. 
o.an ••• Callf .. nl. t21t6 

Internted: 0 '11119___ 0 aMliry 1.___ 0 """119_ 0 ....... ,,_ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• ............................................................. ~ ..... . 

NOUVlINYOIO 1I~ 


