
triton ti es FIAZ lEI WIIS! UNlNIMOU~ DECISION AFTER 15 ROUNDS 
U.'vers;ty ., (,';'.m;., S •• D;.,. ruestl." M.rcll 9, 19" 

". beard a pop, ad all of a IliddeD it started laldag gas aDd flames," said Fred SoreDsoD, a 
Sopbomore at Muir, describlDg how bis VolkswageD " bug" caugbt fire sbortly after DOOD last 
Friday. FlremeD, sboWD bere extinguisbed tile flame. No ODe was Iajured Ia tbe accideat wbicb 
occured at tbe iDtersectioD of Torrey Plaes Road aDd La Jolla Village Drive. 

Faculty Without Departments? 

Problems Surface in FTE 
Allocations to Third College 

Carl Neiburger 
City Editor 

(Editor's Note: As academic a question as the 
difference between a "program" and a 
• department" has stirred up a strong contro-
versy within top faculty and administrative 
circles. While all involved have agreed that the 
conflicts should be resolved in terms of 
academic concerns, the publication of articles 
alluding to the problems, such as a nationally 
syndicated column by Rowland Evans and 
Robert Novak. have threatened to sensation-
alize the situation. The following article is the 
result of interviews with nine of those 
administrators, department chairmen, and 
Academic Senate committee chairmen most 
deeply concerned with the issues. ) 

When the Academic Senate approved the 
Third College academic plan a year ago, they 
also approved " in principle" three 
interdisciplinary ··programs." These are Third 
World Studies, Communications, and Urban and 
Rural Studies. In some respects, these 
programs are parallel to the Humanities 
program at Revelle and the Cultural Traditions 
program at Muir. 

However. in implementing these programs, 
Third College is attem,ting to avoid some 
mistakes made in developing the programs at 
the first two colleges. In addition, these 
programs are intended to be not just sets of 
lower division courses; Third College planners 
hope to develop graduate and research 
programs in these areas. 

Faculty Without Departments 
Controversy surfaced when the Committee 

on Campus Planning. an administrative 
committee composed of the three provosts and 
two graduate deans. submitted their 
recommendations for the distribution of the 24 
new faculty positions (FTEs) allocated to 
UCSD for the coming academic year . 
Ordinarily FTEs are allocated to a department 
and to a college. Since Third College has greater 
growth needs than the other two college . it 
naturally receiVed the bulk of the FTE . 17 of 
them. (Similarly. Revelle and Muir received 
favorable FTE allocations when they were 
developing. ) 

In this year's allocations. however. the 
Campus Planning Committee. headed by 
Revelle Provost Paul altman . recommended 
that three FTEs be given to the Communica-
tions program and three to the Urban and Rural 
tudies program without I in a depar.ture from 

u ual procedure) specific departmental alloca-
tion. The allocations were. as is usually the 
case. made with the recommendation of the 
department chairmen and program committee 
I which act in lieu of chairmen) concerning what 
their needs were. The allocations were also 

tagged with the specialties the new faculty 
members were to be proficient in . 

Radio/Television Expert 
The Communications FTEs were to 
spe~ialize in radio television, mass culture, and 
SOCIology. The Urban and Rural Studies 
positions were tagged for city planning, legal 
studies, and political science. 

These allocations raised two problems. First, 
several of the appointments were related to no 
planned or existing department at UCSD. In 
what department does one put a radiol tele-
vision expert or an urban planner? Much of 
UCSD's academic functioning is based on 
faculty members being attached to 
departments. A number of faculty members and 
committee chairmen raised strong objections to 
the idea of appointments being made without 
departments. 

These appointments to be made to a program 
with a specialty in an existing department 
raised another problem. Here the faculty 
member could technically belong to a 
department but it would be uncertain who would 
have control of the appointment and evaluation 
of the FTEs. the program or the department. 
Already disagreements have surfaced in 
negotiations between departments and 
programs regarding this situation. 

" Department" Implies Permanence 
Both of these problems could be solved if the 

two programs were to become departments. 
Those working with the programs desire and 
expect this solution. The term "department," 
however. implies permanence and questions 
have been raised whether these fields are quali-
fied to be departments. Besides this. if two new 
social science departments are created , 
members of some existing social science 
departments fear that their development will be 
weakened by the iphoning off of FTEs to the 
new departments. 

"The problem of welcoming academically 
new activitie i not a new one," Profe sor 
Harry Suh!. chairman of the Academic enate's 
Budget Committee. comment . " In the course 
of time. you hope that a new area like thi find 
acceptance a a re ult of its academic contribu-
tions. This does not happen overn ight. .. 

Program-Experimental tatus 
Status a a program permit the activity to 

be considered experimental rather than 
permanent. Profe sor Melford piro. chairman 
of the Anthropology Department. believe 
communication and urban and rural studi 
must fir t be developed a program .. to 
how it works." " If." he adds. "after some 
period of time and some review by appropriate 
facu lty committee . they are deemed ucce -
fuJ. they should become department ." 

(Coati.ued 01 pale 3) 

Folksinger Phil Ochs Performs; 
Brings Back the Good Old Days 

Owen Joyner 
Associate City Editor 

Phil Ochs is a "folksinger" from the pre-
drugs pre-amplified sound era of early last 
decade. His nasal voice is not considered very 
good, even by today 's elastic standards. His 
guitar work is adequate, but not nearly as 
elaborate or lyrical as a Joni Mitchell or a 
James Taylor. 

Phil Ochs doesn't even look like anybody's 
favorite folksinger . With his hair slicked back, 
wearing a black leather jacket, you get the 
feeling he might be hiding a bicycle chain 
behind his back. 

Nevertheless, this improbable sort of 
folksinger managed to cram Revelle cafeteria 
last Thursday night at a benefit concert to free 
p?litical prisoners. Nostalgia ran wild . Intoning 
hIS protest songs, which were in their era, he 
brought bark something of the weird array of 
emotions that the audience had experienced 
during the insane decade known as " the 
Sixties." 

The greaser-type image is destroyed as soon 
as he opens his mouth. The man is intensely 
political. In an amusingly cynical presentation 
which he has developed to perform his old 
material, Ochs traces his career through his 
songs. "Power and the Glory" is a sort of "This 
Land is Your Land" type of song. Ochs 
describes the song as very patriotic and 

Culinary Advice Given 

reflective of the type of glowing optimism that 
everyone had during the Kennedy 
Administration. 

"Here's a land full of power and glory 
Beauty tbat words cannot recall" 
He went on to narrate his change of heart as 

the U. S. began getting involved in a distant 
war. " I Ain 't Marchin' Anymore" is an anti-war 
song with the emotional catchiness of "Over 
There." 

"Call it peace or call it reason," 
"Call it love or call it reason 
But. ala't a-marcbio' anymore." 
He continued on for about an hour, going 

through "There but for Fortune," a famous 
song which few people realize he wrote ; the 
parody, " Love Me, I'm a Liberal ," and a piano 
ballad about James Dean, the late existensial 
youth hero of the movies. 

Phil Ochs stands as a kind of anomaly in the 
music industry. When the big acid rock era hit, 
Ochs never did manage to make the switch to 
electric guitar. After being as popular as Dylan 
in some folkmusic quarters, he rapidly sunk 
into oblivion, drugs and youth attitudes paving 
the way for more detached , less politically 
involved performers. 

Thus Phil Ochs still lives on, playing across 
the country to benefit political causes at places 
like UCSD, and helping students and young 
faculty to recall their lost idealism. if for just a 
moment. 

EDNA Celebrates Her 1 st Birthday 
Barbaro Simon 

Stoll Writer 

"This is the White House," 
said a deep voice over the · 
telephone at the UCSD 
information center. "The 
President regrets that he will 
be unable to attend ... " 

Messages taken at the 
information center, located at 
250 Matthews Campus, are 
not always as exciting as the 
call from an aide at the White 
House . The aide was 
declining' an invitation the 
President received from a 
local student organization. 
The information center takes 
messages for individuals who 
request the service as well as 
for student organizations and 
AS officers. 

Thi month celebrates the 
first anniversary of the 
information center. When it 
opened last March, two staff 
members discovered that the 
last 'four digit of the 
telephone number, 453-3362. 
spell ED A. Henceforth. 
ED A became the name of 
the information center. 

EDNA reached a high level 
of activity la t spring during 
the tudent trike. " People 
just got into the habit of u ing 
the number ," say the 
coordinator of EDNA, Mr . 
Penny 1urr. 

Mr . Murr continue that 
"a built-in clientale" of the 
University and outside 
communities has developed. 
Peopl call ED about 
activitie both on and off 
campus. The information 
cent r maintain a calendar 
of 0 event . notice of 
activitie at other college , 
and movie Ii ling for an 
Diego County. 

ervice have xpanded 
this year along with increa e 

of EDNA office space. One 
new service is a "ride board" 
which hangs on the hallway 
wall outside the ED A office. 
Anyone who either needs or 
can give a ride within San 
Diego or the United States 
can leave their name, phone 
number , and destination at 
EDNA. The EDNA staff feel 
that the ride board has a 
great potential if people take 
advantage of it. 

Other new services at 
EDNA are a "buy and sell" 
board, and a box with filed 
comment about restaurants 
and businesses in San Diego. 
The laller will help people 
learn whether San Diego 
commercial services have 
been good or bad . 

Walk-in services at ED A 
consi t of the elling tickets 
for the Friday night flick . 
use of a telephone in the 
lobby, local new paper to 

read , and a notebook of 
information about charter 
flights to Europe. In addition, 
two electric typewriters are 
available for general use ill 
the AS commissioner's office 
which is down the hall from 
ED A. 

Due to consistent demand 
for culinary advice, EDNA 
will soon acquire a cookbook. 
A sample of questions asked 
of ED A are : Can butter be 
froz n? How long can 
hardboiled egg be kept? 
What is the recipe for tuna 
cas erole? 

Present ED A staff 
consists of nine students and 
one coordinator . Patti 
Stafford ha taken over as 
coordinator since Penny Murr 
became a mother last month. 
The taff mu t be re ourceful 
for such question as. ~' How 
much i a dollar wolh in New 

(Continued on page 3) 

Tbe EDNA Information uvice i open till ten ever Dlgbt. 
Here, Kim lexancler patiently await a call. 



Ro iooctivity Study Hopes to Find 
Clues About Morine Pollution 

Rose DeCosta 
Staff Writer 

By studying the effects that 
tritium and radiocarbons 
have on the world 's oceans, 
Dr. Hans Suess hopes to find 
important clue concerning 
Marine pollution . 

Dr. Suess of the Chemistry 
Department is the principal 
investigator for this two year 
prOJect, and is funded by an 
award of $178,000, granted by 
the Natio nal Science 
Foundation . 

radioactive debris re ulting 
from bomb tests. Over the 
years the tritium 
concentration in the natural 
environment ha increased 
ten times more than what was 
put there by nature. 

nTo the surprise of many 
scienti sts ," says Suess, 
" tritium from bombs 
remains in the atmosphere 
and comes down relatively 
slowly in rain or snow. It 
takes years for it to de cend, 
perhaps up to twelve, and as a 
rule it descends in spring and 
early summer." 

watches with " radiant dials" 
are ba nn ed from the 
laboratory. II was found that 
the special paint used to make 
watch dials glow, c;aused 
unbelievable amounts of 
tritium em ISSlOns. 

Among the questions that 
Suess hopes hi s project will 
answer is how long it takes 
for pollutants to settle to the 
ocean surface. " If an oil 
tanker collides with another 
vessel , or a shipment of acid 
is accidently dumped in the 
ocean, will it ilike three 
years, or five, or twenty 
before the oil or acid reaches 
the depth? Nobody really 
knows for sure." Suess will 
also attempt to answer 
questions concerning the 
contributions that hydrogen 
bombings have to Marine 
pollution. 

Suess indicates that there is 
no cause for alarm , as tritium 
is quite harmless when 
dispersed in water. 

Other aspects of Suess ' 
project in marine pollution 
surveys the distribution of 
artificial radiocarbon in 
surface wa ters of the Paci fic . 
Radiocarbons, produced bv 
cosmIc rays in meteorites and 
in lunar samples brought back 
by Apollo astronauts, are also 
being surveyed by Suess and 
his colleagues. 

Students and teacher at Pepper Canyon free school. 

Tritium , the heaviest 
hydrogen isotope, is the only 
hydrogen isotope that is 
radioactive. Small amounts 
occur in nature, but in recent 
years the amount has 
increased considerably , 
occuring as a man-made 
product in the form of fallout 
from hydrogen bombs. 

One objective of Suess ' 
project would be to determine 
the degree of pollution by 

24 Hour Servi(e 295-17'7 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 

Ours is the best! 
Your home Dr our office . 

SpeCIal attentIon to students and 
fa culty . Guaranteed to save you 
money, Blue Chip Stamp •. Com. 
petent, professional, accura te. 

If 
you or. interested in motor (ydes 

we need a (ampUl rep. 
yo •• dout a.d ou, pia •• quol. brtod 

a.d ben. fits lor you • 

No phone (0115 
Stop in and see John 

?AC~riC 
Y~M~HA 

1556 IIlrnet lve 
,acific bllch 488-1555 

.................... 

,OU H. It OIl fy 
sensual & th.rapeutic 

WATERBEDS' 
,,1\0 ~ "0" "t~\O~ "1'0 "'0 

. ~ 
IfN FH filL ... 

KIf>G 55500 
SIZ: 
.... ' ..... 1, h.tlul Sloop 

The Waterhole 
""'.0 4212 
nO-26 11 II ""0. 11,4 . 
•..•....•.........•..••• 

COMMUtTrY BLOOD BANK 
m F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues, thru Sat. 

233 • 8328 

Enjoying Cooking 
The tritium laboratory at 

UCSD is the only research 
center in the world which 
regularly determines tritium 
concentrations in ocean 
waters . Th e laboratory 
receives samples from all 
over the world , and probably 
contains the world 's most 
varied and largest library of 
samples. 

More Students to Drop Food Plan 

Originally conducted at 
Scripps, the research has now 
moved to Mt. Soledad due to 
the need of a more suitable 
site for conductIng tests with 
radioactive materials. Suess 
felt that the move was 
imperative "because of the 
relatively high level of 
radioactive contamination on 
the lower campus. This 
contamination is harmless to 
human beings, but it is very 
detrimental to laboratory 
work of the type we are 
conducting." The same type 
of contamination will al 0 be 
e ncou nt ered nea r any 
hospital ' as ho spital s 
oftentimes use radioactive 
materials for diagnosis and 
therapy. 

Suess says, "Some people 
have the mi taken impress ion 
that our work on Ml. So ledad 
pose s om e sort of 
l'adivactive threat. This is the 
exact reverse of the fact. We 
moved to Ml. Soledad to 
esca pe radi oactive 
contamination. not create it." 

In view of the fact that any 
type of radi oac tiv e 
contamination would hinder 
the progress of work done in 
the tritium laboratory. 

Paul Teyssier 
Staff Writer 
~tu?ents a.re eating less in UCSD cafeterias and apparently 

enJoymg theIr own cooking more. 
William Borsari , UCSD associate business manager, says 

that the food service issue is " the biggest problem " with 
students who live on campus. But he adds, "The UCSD 
co nmunity is aggressive and innova tive in this area and will 
continue to examine all potential solutions to resolve the 
difficultie ." 

There is conjecture that an inside group, possibly the AS, 
should run the food service. Some members of the Coffee Hut 
committee speculate that an inside group could provide food 
services at lower prices. 

A poll of 275 Muir students taken two weeks ago shows that 
only 20 per cent expect to remain on the board plan for Spring 
quarter. This is a drop of about 30 per cent from Winter Quarter. 

Poll Suggests Muir Grocery Store 
" I really don 't know what we 're going to do," says Alan 

Batchelder, Muir College Dean, " but I'd like to know what the 
community wants to do ." As part of a solution, eighty-six per 
cent of the stUdents in the poll said they would like to see a 
grocery store in Muir Commons. This, according to Borsari 
"has to happen , particularly to support the Muir apartment~ 
whIch WIll open next fall." But the operation and stocking of 
the store WIll determme how effective a sol ution this is 
Borsari s id . ' 

Hours of operation for the Matthews and Muir cafeterias 
have been reduced twice since the beginning of this academic 
yea r. and further c.urtailments for the upcoming quarter . 
accordmg to Borsan are more than a possibility, should a 
slgntftcant number of tud nts drop the board portions of their 
residence hall contracts. 

At this time. however, Larry Bonafide, Muir cafeteria 
manager, says that his company is expecting to offer the 
" ame hours and sa me services" at Muir and Revelle 
cafeterias for the Spring quarter. 

Because of decreased u e of cafeterias on all three 
campuses. Borsari ays, changes in hours of operation have 
had to be made by Hi Continental , food services contracto r at 
UCSD. Most notable of these changes was the reduction of 
cafeteria operation hours at Muir and Matthews at the 
beginning of this Quarter. 

On Matthews campus, the cafeteria now serves lunch 
Monday through Friday and breakfast is still available in the 

,-----------------------

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

Cil! hOt rnrl ~ we caruave you money on your car Insurance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car Insurance. Now, If you're an ASSOCiated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounled Auto Insurance at an average sav-
Ings 01 48% In CaillorOia. Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
you 're out of SChool. 

For a personal Quote, call eS)S today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on Jour slcl •• 

coffee shop. Muir cafeteria no longer serves dinner, while the 
coffee shop there is open every night. 

Traditional Complaints From Students 
Sfudents have tr~ditional complaints against cafeteria 
servlce-the~ concern cost, quality and quanti ty of food , and 
speed of servIce. Many choose to cook for themselves when and 
where they are able to, saving money at the same time. In view 
of this , many fe~llitt1e need to bind themselves to a board plan. 

The avaIlabilIty of kItchenettes in residence halls makes it 
both attractive and practical for students to exercise their 
option to drop the meal plan at the beginning of each quarter. 
Only about 45 per cent of 620 resident Muir students are on the 
meal plan this quarter, says Borsari. 

"Students must be ea ting someplace-" their kitchenettes, in 
the AS-run operations, or with friend in the surround ing 
co:nmuni ty," Borsari says. 

They are. Ca nned goods and loaves of bread .have been 
available at the Revelle sundry store for the last few months. 
"We run out fast ," says a clerk. " The kids always ate in their 
rooms, but not like this," a residence hall cleaning woman 
said. 

Muir College built kitchenettes in its residence halls, one for 
every 17 students, intending to give students as many options 
as poSSIble. Dean Alan Batchelder says. But it was not 
anticipated that so many students would regularly use them. 

Novelty Not Wearing Off 
"This runs counter to trends, " says Borsari. .. ormally 

. students use these facilities a lot at first , and then the novelty 
wears off. Here the use has been steadily increasing." 

For a sen e of communi ty, each college wants a cafeteria , 
accordmg to Dean Batchelder , but this means three cafeterias 
serving fewer than 1700 resident students and a sprinkling of 
faculty , workers, and commuting stUdents. 

For example, at lunchtime in the Muir cafeteria Hi 
Continental's a la carte menu draws an average of 45 dent 
from each person who eats there. Breakfast averages around 
25 cents per person, says Muir cafeteria manager 'Larry 
Bonafid e. 

During the Fall quarter, Hi Continental lost $45,000. The 
conpany's concern is to maintain its operation on the campus 
according to Bonafide, not to recoup losses. ' 

This year is Hi Continental's third at UCSD, and its present 
contract h~,~ another yea r to run. The compa ny is deeply 
mterested In a ny proposals or suggestions on how best to 

students within economic limits we have to meet," says 

Palle 2 Triton Times March 9, 1971 

March to Build 
Community Center 
in La Jolla Ghetto 

Just one week before the anniversary of the 
assassination of Martin Luther King, La Jollans 
are holding a march to help fulfill his dream . 
The Brick and Mortar march, in keeping with 
Dr. King 's non-violent marches, will not carry 
bricks to throw, but will raise money for the 
purchase of bricks to construct the community 
center in La Jolla . 

The march is being sponsored by SOF A 
(Strongly Oriented For Action ). SOFA is a non-
profit volunteer group of La Jollans who are 
dedicated to improving the quality of interracial 
relations. The group was formed and has grown 
under the guidance of the Reverend Lonnie 
Worm ley. SOFA is currently conducting a 
tutorial project, a day care center , English 
classes for Spanish speaking adults , 
professional counciling and summer recreation . 

The march taking place on March 28 will 
allow students to counteract the brick throwing 
image that has developed from recent 
disorders, both on the campus and in the ghettos 
across the nation . Marchers will earn bricks for 
the proposed three-slory structure to be erected 
behind Prince Chapel. The center will 
centralize the SOFA services in the "ghetto " 
area of La Jolla , where they will be more 
accessible. 

The march itself begins Sunday morning at 
Prince Chapel , 7519 Cuvier (Next to Fotomat ) 
in La Jolla between 6:30 and 7:30, and ends 
after 20 miles at Southcrest Park, at 40th and 
Alpha streets, in Southeast San Diego. 

Walkers obtain sponsors who pledge a certain 
amount per mile walked. Refreshments will be 
available along the route at the various Check 
points. Those interested persons should contact 
the Community Services Office at x2111 or 
SOFA, 454-4610. Are you willing to dream Dr. 
King 'S dream here in La Jolla and in San 
Diego? 

Third College FTEs ••• ., 
(Coalillued from pale 11 

In discussing the need for departments in 
these areas, Third College Provost Joseph 
Watson explained that, while they are inter-
disciplinary, such departments will amount to 
"something different from just the sum total of 
just these (contributing) disciplines." Urban 
and Rural Studies, he says, " is a discipline, in 
the same way that whenever you have a subject 
of considerable importance," people are 
concentrated in a department to study it. 

Chancellor Herbert York will have to 
recommend to UC President Charles Hitch 
whether new departments should be created . In 
explaining the nature of an interdisciplinary 
department, he cites tHe Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography which combines physicists, 
chemists, and biologi sts to study the sea. 

People to Study Media 
Committee on Educational Policy Chairman 

Michel Benamou, whose committee evaluated 
the proposal for communications to become a 
department, adds to the chancellor's analogy in 
giving his personal view: "Just as oceano-
graphy will probably not run out of ocean, it is 
doubtful whether communications will run out 
of media for a while, and certainly there should 
be people to study media." 

Last Summer former Chancellor William 
McGill appointed Herbert Schiller to head the 
Communications Program. Schiller's was the 
first appointement made at UCSD not specified 
to an approved department. Schiller heads the 
effort to develop a curriculum for the program, 
determining in detail the areas it is to deal with . 

Since no one has yet beeen appointed to the 
Urban and Rural Studies Program, a campus-
wide committee headed by Physics Professor 
William Frazer is acting in lieu of a 
departmental chairman to recruit FTEs for the 
program and to establi sh a proposal to develop 
the field as an academic department. 

Nucleus of Faculty 
Both Schiller and Frazer feel their areas need 

to have a small core of people, outside of any 
other department, dedicated to the development 
of the program. Watson adds, " If people are 
appointed to a department (outside of the 
program ) then their participation in the 
program is going to be limited by their involve-
ment in the department. " 

After the program has been established, 
Schiller, Frazer, and Watson feel that people 
from other departments can be drawn in in a 

supplemental role. However , Watson says he 
expects those people to na turally belong to their 
own department first. 

Schiller feels the immediate establishment of 
a department is necessary in order to attract 
high-quality faculty . He feels the control of 
faculty hiring that comes with departmental 
status is necessary in order to plan the program 
properly. 

Interim Status for FacultY' 
Until the question of departmental sta tus is 

resolved, the campus must establish some 
interim means of accommodating faculty hired 
for the programs. It has already been agreed in 
conferences of the parties involved that 
appointments should be made in conjunction 
with existing or approved departments when-
ever possible. 

What happens with appointments that do not 
fit in is not so definite. Suhl outlined the budget 
committee's view: "We look for a program 
committee to act in place of a department and 
our hope is that such program committees are 
made up of people from departments related as 
closely as possible to the envisioned activity of 
the program." 

Associate Dean of Graduate Studies Roy 
Harvey Pearce suggests the alternative of 
having the faculty member " report to the 
provost. " 

Departments Flexible 
Anthropologist Spiro feels " it is absolutely 

critical that appointment to this campus be 
made through academic departments." He says 
there is "no department that is so fixed that it 
cannot bend with respect to (academic) 
interests" to permit hiring of people with 
specialties they would not otherwise define as 
appropriate for their department. 

Urban and Rural Studies Program 
Committee Chairman Frazer admits that " to 
have people attached only to a program and not 
to a department is not a satisfactory long-term 
solution." He says that for fields where no 
qualified experts at UCSD his committee will 
look to experts off campus to evaluate FiE 
ca nd ida tes. 

No Magic to Departments 
Professor George Reynolds, chairman of the 

P syc hology Department. feel s that 
departmental membership is unnecessary-a 
matter of agreement between the department 
and the individual. He says " there is no magic 
to being in or out of a department." 

Resolution of these issues must, however, 
come rapidly, as the appointments must be 
made for the coming academic year. The 
combined resul ts of time shortage and financial 
austerity have forced deviation from prior 
patterns of academic development. 

Fiscal Planning Complications 
According to Administrative Assistant to the 

Chancellor Phil James. in the past departments 
at UCSD have started with the development of a 
strong sub-di cipline, concentrating in a small 
part of the field . This results in a strong 
graduate program but no subject breadth. 
Because Third College has an immediate need 
for an undergraduate program, it must obtain 
people competent in the subjects required. 

Changes in fi cal planning have also 
complicated the development of graduate 
studies in these areas. Associate Dean for 
Graduate Studies Pearce explains that. because 
of curbs in the expan ion of the University 
statewide, proposals for new graduate 
programs are being examined carefully. The 
Coordinating Council on Graduate Affairs , a 
statewide body composed of representatives of 
all campuses, makes recommendations to the 
President regarding which programs should be 
approved. 

Slower Growth, Greater Compromise 
The council's aim. according to Pearce. has 

been to make the mo t of the niversity's 
resources by developing strong specialized 
programs on the newer campuses rather than 
duplica ting existing programs at UCB and 
UCLA. Because the UCSD program are 
academically unique, however, Pearce feels 
they have a good chance of being approved . 

Provost Watson agrees and is generally 
optimistic about the future . "The only things 
the budget restrictions cause are slower growth 
and greater compromise between existing 
departments and new department ." he says. 
He points out that with the 100 to 150 new FTEs 
that will ultimately be allocated to Third 
College for it to achieve full growth , "we can 
program our growth in such a way that we can 
initiate those two departments and at the same 
time flesh out the socia I science departments." 
He commented that UCSD should " avoid being 
frightened into a situation where we fear to be 
creative. " 

EDNA ... TRANSCENDENT AL MEDIT ATION As tought by MAHARISHI MAHESH YOGI 
(Continued from page 1) 
Zea land ," and "Where can I 
mate my pet hamster?" 

EDNA hours are 8 a.m. to 
10 p.m. on Monday through 
Thursday. 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. on 
Friday, and 12 to 8 p.m. on 
Saturday and Sunday. A 24 
hour answering service takes 

calls when EDNA is closed . 
The telephone extension, for 
EDNA (1176 ) was added this 
year to accommodate direct 
campus calls. 

EDNA receives 
approximately 115 calls each 
day, and twice as many calls 
on Friday. 

Women's Lib Poetry 
A Women 's Libera tIOn 

Poetry Reading will be held at 
the University of California. 
San Diego Art Gallery on 
Thursday. March 11 at 8:30 
p.m. The reading will involve 
an evening of all-women poets 
and musicians . including 
, Iarga ret Rossoff from UCSD , 
Joan Jensen from USJU. Joyce 
Nower from San Diego State. 
Su an Orloffsky from The 
North County. Lynn Lonidier 
whose book of poems "The 

Female Freewa y." was 
published in 1970. 

Also reading will be Barbara 
Miles I editor of San Diego 
State College 's Center For 
Women's Studies's first poetry 
anthology I. Eleanor Antin 
(whose conceptual sculpture 
" Portraits of Women" was 
exhibited in ew York ) and 
others. A wom n's music 
improvisation group from the 
UCSD music department will 
perform as well. 

LAST SHOWING TODAY 

Transcendental Meditation develops clarity of the thinking process , Trans-
the capacity for full enjoyment and cendental Meditation, by .developing the 
accomplishment in life. It's practiced inner mechanics of thinking and ex per-
for a few minutes morning and evening. ience, insures the fulI.developmentof the 
During this time the body gains profound individual, Tt,e practice is unique since 
rest while the mind expands to full it involves no concentration or contem-
awareness. This technique .develops plat ion, no suggestion or control. It is 
creative intelligence and improves the easily learned by anyone. 

INTRODUCTORY LECTURE: TONIGHT. MARCH 9th. 8 p.m.- UCSD USB 4050 A - FREE ond OPEN TO PUBLIC 

The music makes. • 

"You'll appreciate ~he Difference." 

March 9, 1971 Triton Times Palle 3 



• • IniOn 
n. ...................... ,..._ ..... " ........ ..... 
- ........................... , ., ............. " 
.. tIIYGN_.A..,.... .................................... ... 
.... ,... ......... it .. 1M ....... DINder. IIITON _. 117 
......... uao. 

Feeling Lousy 
V. Robert Allen, MD 

Recently there appears to be a remarkable increase in the 
incidence of lice in San Diego. I wouldn't care to guess what 
this means. Nobody has asked, but I'm going to tell you 
something about lice, anyway. If you're feeling itchy already, 
maybe you'd better skip this column - unless you were itchy 
before you read this. 

The faithful louse has been at man 's side (not to mention his 
scalp and groin) for many centuries. ExodD' tells us that " All 
the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land in 
Egypt. .. There were Iic:e upon man, and upon beast." 

While it may be said in favor of lice that they are completely 
unprejudiced as to the race, sex, age, or religious persuasion of 
their hosts, it is nevertheless true that they are very class-
conscious. They tend to associate mostly with the Great 
Unwashed, although occasionally they get into high (or low ) 
places. 

For the serious biologist, it may be of interest to note that 
there are three distinct species of louse to plague us: the head 
louse (Pedlcol.s humaDus capitis), the body louse (Pedlcolus 
H8.a ••• corporis., and the crab louse (Phlhirus pubis., 

Lice are vampires, living on human blood, and cannot 
survive without human contact. They lay oval eggs, called nits 
which are attached to hairs or clothing fibers by the fp.male. 
After the eggs hatch, the newly born lice mature within thirty 
days . The mature females live for another thirty days, 
depoSiting a few nits daily, and, as Oliver Cromwell once 
remarked, "Nits will be lice. ,. 

TIle bead louse is transmitted by human contact, or by 
hitching a ride on a comb or hat. It usually settles in the scalp, 
but sometimes invades the eyebrow, eyelashes, and beard . The 
louse-bites produce intense itching, which results in intense 
scratching by the host, ~requenlly followed by secondary 
bacterial infection of the scratches to produce a nasty, raw 
crusting of the scalp. A glance at the hair reveals the small 
ovoid nits attached firmly to the hair shafts, like dandruff 
that 's glued on. The head lice themselves are hard to spot. 

The body louse is easier to see, especially in the seams of 
clothing. It produces small, red bites mostly on the shoulders, 
buttocks, and around the belt-line. The bites are extremely 
itchy and tend to become infected from scratching. In long-
standing cases, the involved skin areas darken, called 
vagabond 's disease. P. corporis is not common under 
reasonable hygienic conditions. but in the past It has played an 
important role as the transmitter of epidemic typhus. trench 
fever , and relapsin~ fever. 

As for Pbthirus, the crab louse. Shakespeare wrote in The 
Merry Wives of WiDdsor, " It is a familiar beast to man, and 
signifies -love." Infestation may be venereal in origin, or can 
occur from clothing. especially bedclothes. While it 
concentrates on the anogenital region. this louse may spread to 
other parts of the body where there is hair. It. too. produces 
severe itching and scratching. 

The commonest medical treatment for these pests consists 
of special lotions or shampoos, such as Topocide or Kerll. 
These prescription medicines are very effective in eliminating 
lice. Sometimes it is necessary to treat the secondary bacterial 
infection with antibiotics. Clothing and bed linen should be 
laundered or dry cleaned. 

"No friend like to a bosom friend . as the man said when he 
pulled out a louse." (Thomas Fuller. Onomologia. 1732. I 

Questions for MD Rap may be dropped in the box at the 
Student Health Center. 

SHS Note : If you have a complexion problem. such as acne. 
you can get help at your Student Health Service. 

I 

1=~~~Fq-=W==-l 
:~~~ "You, Mr. Bain, are a hypocrite, for if limits of piece -rate pay) , medical CORRECTION :::: 
;:;: you truly followed your principles of benefits, etc. :;:: 
:;:: altruistic thought, you would be dead." (6) Self-preservation is preferable to Which brings me to my correction, re ;::: 
;::: Well , lthoughtmyarticle " Renderunto self-destruction (your point, which, Mr . Nameless's contention : :::: 
;:;: Ceasar, Si" might get a rise. The although a bit abstract, cannot be "Chavez.. quite blatantly tramples :::; 
:::: rbetoric fairly bursts with invective; the denied) . on the rights of the UFWOC workers," :::: 
:::: language sings with the pulse of and yours that the union will "blact-list :;:; 
:::: righteous right-to-work indignation. But APOLOGY MADE anyone" who is not a "selness member" ;::: 

~;: leave us not shift the level of discourse. - who "quits without a 'satisfactory' :::: 
:::: Let us instead arrive at a synthesis. Let answer. . . (or) anyone who wants :::: 
:;;; us return, and stick to the facts, what I tum then to an apolOl)' and a to work, but refuses to join the union." ;::: 
:::: facts we can mutually acknowledge. I correction. First, I'm sorry I called If any of you have first-band evidence of :::: 
:;:: turn to the data available. those self-supporting, self-reliant 'trampling' or 'blacklisting,' I'll be glad :::: 
.. Chicanos who don't support Chavez h Fl' fI .. 
:::: (1) The majority of Central Valley " individualistically selfish." I shouldn't to ear it out. or now, am sabs ed ::;: 
:::: Chicanos are paid by the piece, not the have done that. It must have been a with my first-band evidence, taken :::: 
:::: hou r (my correc tion upon personal reaction, having lived for two from a UFWOC meeting held during the :::: 
::;: DIMENSION 'S implication, not years in an orange-growing area where strike, which I attended at Filipino Hall :::: 
:;:: refuted) ; the majority of other Chavez has virtually no support, to what in Delano. At this meeting, I watched :::; 
.::: Americans-astronauts and all-are Chavez as he urged the workers in :::: 
::.: paid by the hour, month, or year, DOt has been for many years the alternative sincere and heart-felt tones: "DoII'1 :'.'::. 

to the Chavez cause - an alternative 
::: according to whether they "succeed" or f fight your brothers. If they have to :::: 
::: not. This is a fUJIdamental form of way 0 life which is much more common work , to pick, to work for their family, :::: 
::: economic " self-preservation" for in the valley than UFWOC membership, let them. Don'tfight your brothers." ;::: 
:.::, workers and employees in general , as and much easier for the migrant The compassion and eoralOll I saw in ;::,: 

workers to continue in than your C h 
::: they will receive a stable income rhetoric would lead the naive reader to havez that nig t was enough to sell me :::; 
::: regardless of the futility or the believe. on his integrity. I don't deny that there ;:;: 
::: absurdity (viz. the moon project) of the have been incidents of conflict between :::; 
::: job they're doing ; Significantly, the In your formula, the self-supporting union and non-union members ; this is :::; 
::: Chicanos are doing a job whose products Chicano family is the proud, defiant inevitable. But I'm not convinced that :::: 
::: are quite directly related to all our self- victim of UFWOC pressure. And in Chavez advocates, or in any way :::: 
::: preservation - i.e. the production of many cases this economically satisfied condones this intra -g roup :::: 
::: foodstuffs that all the nation consumes. Chicano family is proud , defiant, good. discrimination . And , frl)m my,::; 
.:;: ( 2) For the majority of Mexican- But, first of all , they don 't, in most experience. the average union member :::: 
.::: American families and individuals, this Central Valley towns, ever deal with the or supporter has at least as much, if not :::: 
:::: piece rate pay is not sufficient to UFWOC - they are no one's victims; more, sense of selfhood - and a good :::: 
:::; support them at some times of the year and, second of all , for every good, proud , deal more sense of identity with the ::;: 
:::: or, on a year-round basis, to allow them self-sufficient family , there is a bad, Chicano people - than the average non- :;:; 
::;: to settie in one spot, i.e. to stop being proud, selfish family _ and both types union member or opponent. ;;:: 
:;:; "migrant' · (an extension of a previous are very rare among migrant workers. Both you and Mr. Nameless seem to ::;: 
;:;: point in "Caesar? Si ," and evident to see your debates, if not the UFWOC :::: 
:;:; anyone who has lived, as I have, in the But, only when you have seen, struggle, in rather extreme terms : He ::;: 
:::: Central Valley) . through personal experience, in the says, "Somebody may decide ... to do :::: 
::;: (3) Chicanos are a minority in the majority of rural Chicano families, away with the whole Third World :;:: 
:::: valley (credit Mr. Nameless , the author some of the more obvious (not to struggle" and you leave me a dead :::: 
:::: of the "John Gaffey" letler) . mention the subtler) manifestations - hypocrite. But actually, I, like Cesar :::: 
:::; (4) Among grape pickers, there is a in both parents and children, in their Chavez, am alive and well , and I fully :;:: 
:;:; minority of this minority who do not daily interaction with Anglos in the endorse the kind of quiet , patient ;:;: 
:::: support Chavez (we all said that ). schools, the town, and the fields - of strength which characterizes his :::: 
:::: (5) Chavez does serve the economic uncertainty, disunity, and poorly-hidden movement ; it is one of the few minority;:;: 
:::: interest of the workers who do support shame ; only then can you realize how movements left which has shown that it :::: 
:::: him (implied in what I wrote) , with determined, how really new, and how can, without advocating violence or self- ;;:: 
:::: benefits , for example, when a local crop courageously extraordinary the small destruction , move sensibly and :::: 
::;: is not being planted or harvested (the Chavez union is. pragmatically to overcome. :;:: 

~::;::::~;:;:;:;:;:::::;:;:::::;:::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~::~:::::::::::::::;:::;:::::::::::::::::::;:;:;:::::::::;::::::::::~;::::~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;::~;:;~::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;;~~ 

Life Can be a Roller Coaster Ride 
As I contemplate today's 

world . and the world through 
the ages , I catch sight of an 
intriguing characteristic, both 
on a general and a specific 
level. This characteristic is 
CONTROL. 

On the general level. we 
notice that all through history 
men have sought to dominate 
or control others. We see this 
not only in wars but in 
governments, Domineering 
men have risen to power over 
groups of individuals , these 
groups in turn overruling the 
first power and establishing a 
new one - all for the sake of 
control. 

In United States politics 
today and yesterday we have 
men seeking control. resulting 
in today's bureaucracy: or 
from another point of view, we 
have " the people" seeking 
control. resulting in today 's 

Glena Sc'hroeler 
democracy. 

Science is another good 
example of humanity's desire 
to control. Scientists or 
resea rchers in every field are 
seeking control of disease, 
environment, life and death. 
They have attempted to create 
human liIe in test tubes as well 
as to destroy it through 
abortion and determine it 
through birth control. The 
moon race also is a race to 
control. 

Executive Ulcers 

coatrolled . 
Take the typical business 

executive coming home and 
unwinding with a drink . I see 
this as a giving up of control -
a temporary escape for the 
purpose of relaxation. The 
same goes for drugs , 
essentially; however the use of 
both alcohol and drugs often 
goes much deeper than what I 
have just described. For 
example. alcoholics and drug 
abusers have the need to give 
up complete control of their 
minds and bodies, as they do 
not have the strength to face 
either themselves or the world . 

Gambl\ng-Glvlag up Coalrol 

that is Jesus Christ. 
If man is willing to give up 

total control to a roller coaster, 
and trust in it, why is it so 
hard to give up control to 
Jesus, and put faith in Him who 
loves us and has ultimate 
power? 

Life ca. be an exciting roller 
coaster ride - only a ride with 
Jesus is for eternity, and there 
is no chance of Calling off the 
tracks, except by our own 
stubborn will. 

If alcohol or drugs is your 
favorite from of relief, J am 
sure you are aware that there 
are detrimental effects. When 
a mind is out of control because 
of one of these vices, the result 
may very well be destructive. 

JeRI. BrID,' Peace 

I triton tiDles 

On a more specific level, I 
am reminded of the 
psychological experiment of 
the Executive Monkey. In this 
experiment. two monkeys were 
administered shocks. Only one 
of the monkeys was given the 
ability to prevent the shocks 
which were given to each 
si multaneously . The 
"executive" monkey, the one 
in control , ended up with 
serious u leers. 

Other illustrations of giving 
up control can be observed in 
wha t people often do for 
recreation. Gambling is a 
popular diversion , for example. 
Also, I am reminded of 
carnivals and the great 
excitement one derives from 
riding the roller coaster, where 
we temporarily hand over the 
control of our life to a man-
made mechanism. 

With Jesus one can have 
peace knowing that". . .all 
things work together for good 
to them that love God . .. " 
(Romans 8 :28 ). Also , 
Christians can be free knowing 
that they can cast all of their 
wories on Jesus because He 
cares for us II Peter 5:7). 

Editor-in-(,l1, r .. H:awcod '-' mmon 
Ch~' Editor . " ....... Carl \('ibll rj(cr 
Managing l:d\tor .. . . . . ~m,e 1\ la~ l'r 
Copy Edito ' . . . . . .. hll l' k Graham 
Rusine 1\1 JRager ... , . .. J err ... ril'o 
EditorialDirfctor . , Ral) lIl Conlrl'ra~ 
i\ ocialt' Cil1 Editor , .. 0101 l' n J o~ ncr 

~l olI~ Se h in 
Arts Editor .... , .... Tern Bara~ 
ISport Edilor ....... Rol'L .. , ·lI alfoll 

Photograph~' Editor ... , John Zall er 

.... w. Department 
Ro .. De Co.to 
Rod lo,ong 
.abed ,1,.:" 
John ZoU.r 
Ed Boyle 
Juliano Cinque 
Bobbie f ink 
BrUCI Morden 
Fronk Ph,lIip' 
Clif( Po.t 
Kathy Ru. t 
barbara Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Gretne 
Mike Rob.". 
Paul T ,y"ief 
Roney Br.ece 

Contributors 
St ..... londou 
J,m SiU. 
A". Department 
Tom Seer 
Joy GiII,N, 
lorry Johmon 
Sor9un lont 
Ken Bornl. 
Corril Ri<key 
A"i ... 
Sarah M,K.nna 

"'.t"trophy 
Jon F,onek 
Mott Hinton 
Advertising 
Deportmont 
Mark Trilling 
s...on Cod .. 
IoIolly Sel.in 
Ste,.t.,iol SIGH 
Sit .... Cohen 

Allan Sekula Sheila Calhoun 
Georgi SOloni Co", Deporl_nl 
A,, ' t Managing Ed. Debbi. Montgomery 
Joe Eostorn Gltno 5<hrotltr 
Co my Sho,;,k 
Producti ... 
00'0 8u,hbinder 

The TRITON "MIS i. oH",olly 1t'09niltd and .uppo,ted o. a .tud.n' n • ..,.pop.r by the Communkotion. Boa,d 
of the Uni •• "ity of Col'/ornio , Son D"ge, au,lding 250, Molthl •• Compu., 10 Jolla, Colilornio 92037. 'ublkotion 
i. twice W"~1y on T IItldoy. and f "day •. Offie .. Ort Iocoltd in room 117, alo~. Hall, on the Revelle Compu •. for 
Ad •• rt i. ine phone 4 ~3 · 2000 , X 1017, fo r ed ito rial or n •• " phone X 1016. 

Page 4 Triton Times March 9, 1971 

As a person climbs hi s ladder 
of success today, in essence, all 
he does is goin power - power 
to control. But what, then , does 
one gain as a result of greater 
power to control? All I can see 
is more responsibility, very 
possibly leading to dangerous 
ulcers. 

What seems to be humanity's 
answer to this defeating desire 
to control? The way J observe 
it. the solution (or attempt at 
solution I is almost the exact 
opposite of the problem. 
Everywhere I look I see people 
seeking relief from control 
I responsibility I through bela, 

All of these things are some 
of man 's methods for coping 
with the world - for living a 
happy I?) life, The sad fact is, 
man generally is not happy 
today - neither satisfied Mr 
fulfilled . Wh y? Simply 
because, though loe has the 
right idea. he is channeling it to 
the wrong 5Ource~. To give up 
control of ourselves is the 
answer - but we must give up 
this control to one person, and 

If you feel down or 
pressured, try asking Christ 
into your life. Then begin to 
read his WORO OrT OF THE 
New Testament, so that you 
can take him up on his 
promises and realize your new 
power. It is as easy as stepping 
onto a roller coaster, and much 
more exciting. 1'ake a Jesus 
trip - it's the only way to an 
abundant life - the only way. 

We Cater Parties 
F., 11-210,..,.. 
1..,.,.11 I .... ·150 people 
GtW I .... 50 ""'t 
,me.1SO,..,.. 
HilI's ' ...... 's 'irk • SO ,..,1. 
',rfies., I. 100 ca'er" II Winztr 
',rfies ., •• SO ca'er" a. Scripps 

VIS Menu (very important student) 
Htarts .f Rtmai .. IeHu(. salad with 
II'tichokts stuff" with crtalll chetSt 
J ...... *i.p cocktail Slpf'tm. 
IrlilH INsltr lIiI witt. b.y peas 
... SlMII beiled pota'MS 
Chlr Irailed New York cu. s'tak 
tr File. M ...... with lema •• 
mdW with rice pilaf 
Itk" Alas" 

VIP Menu 
T.sHII,r"" iliad willi yiattr.". dressing 
C.r Ir.W Sptftctr s'tak 
I.k" po .... witt. sour crtall .... chiy.s 
'HS .MI lIushr ..... s 
Hot rolls .... buntr 
Apple pie willi cheest 

luffet 
R.;;iTurkey 
laked Vir,i.ia H.III 
ROISf le.f 
'oll'ellW 1_" bealS 
T.s_ ,r"" with Vi ... rt"e drtssi .. 
RtIisII'r,y 
fruit Iowl 
Rye, ,..,.rlkkel, sour'" 

fancy Sandwich.s 
Turkey ... "" OIl ,.,.rlli(ktl 
H., turkey, .... swiss chttso on rye 
Rtasl Hef willi cream cheeso til ryt 
'0"'0 iliad 
lelislltr.y 
French postry 
or whit hive you-we can .. it 

., 

"(OFFEE HUT" 
':£ 

"lie", 
live Entertainment Every Friday Night. 

Every day 
Best hamburgers 

and shakes in town 
Fish and Chips 

801. cod 
cole slaw 

tartar sauce and lemon 

PiIIa 
5 delicious varieties 

Our wide assortment of sandwiches 
Lox and cream cheese on bagel 

Roast beef and cream cheese on rye 
Steak sandwich 
Hot corned beef 

Hot roast beef with fries 
Hot turkey sandwich with fries 

Club sandwich 
Bacon, lettuce and tomato 

Tuna sandwich 
Ham sandwich 

Ham & cheese sandwich 
Grilled cheese sandwich 

Best Chef and Tuna Salads 
Fruit compote ( in season) 

Assorted salads 

Health Food 
Lo cal special plate 

Cottage Cheese 
Yogurt 

Assorted juices 
Soul Food 

Bar B·Q short ribs 
Baked beans 

Collard greens 
Baked ham 

Black eyed peas, white corn, 

" Free Movies , 

Eyery Wednesday Night" 

II p •11II ''I1i 
dlll lill 11111111 

Most Friendly, Polite Food Service Personnel in Town 
Telephone orders to go 

Accepted any time 
Seled from four box lunches 
pric.d from $ J ,DO - $ , ,80 

Winzer Snack Bar X 1013 
Scripps Lunchroom X1032 

CaH .. House X 1054 

he, .. i .. (lief - Nilk 
,.., .... n ellef - Akimi G __ (lief - losa 
A_rl, .. (lief - robeo 
Swi fH4 ellef - lo~ 

Evening Specials 
Monday-
S,....."i end lltatballs 
T OSsH ,r"" Sllad 
IIrli( bread, drink 
", 

Tuesday-
"ef tn(hiladas with (hili 
LIHu( ..... tomato salad 
drink 
99' 

Wednesday-
I oz. Spencer s.eak 
laked po •• to, rossed Gre.n 
Vegetable, drink 
$1.19 

Thursday-
I oz. SalisllVry steak 
MUshro .. gravy 
parsley bunertd boiled potaloes 
Toss" gre.n, drink 
99' 

Friday-
I.ef sttw 
e.le slaw, drink 
99' 

Noon SpeCials 
Italian 
Spogh."i and lII.atltalls 
Chicken ttlrauini 

German 
Hungarian g..!ash 
S ... rbra".n 
Knockwurst 
I"f StrOfGllOff 

American 
Sw •• ' ,lid sour pork, 10 Ping Wu 
Fri" shrimp 
e,n'oneSt (hi (ken 
Chow Mein 
fri" Oyst.rs 
Swiss steak 
T urllty a Ia king 
Veal (utlets 
Irish betf st.w 
Ntw E .. I0 .... boiled lIiM.r 
I"t ElKhilldas with (hili and btals 

March 9, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



A Day in Disgustingland 
Sim ian Spheroid 

Dave Buchbinder 
Arts Writer 

The boring drive along Interstate 5, from the majestic slopes 
of Tioga Hall to the spires and subdivisions of Orange County, 
comes to a climactic conclusion at a sign which reads : 
Anaheim City Limit. Suddenly, everyone in the vehicle props 
themselves up upon the very edges of their seats, anticipating 
that mesmerizing moment when at the next turn in the road , 
the mighty heights of the Matterhorn mountain will appear 
through the haze and smog of the beautiful Southern California 
sunshine. At this point a cry resounds throughout the vehicle, 
" There it is! We're here ! I saw it first! ", and the mighty 
modern day Magellans have reached their destil'1li tion : 
Disgustingland. 

After paying the smiling parking lot attendant and berthing 
your vehicle in one of the infinite spaces available to you , you 
board a " free " tram. As you wing your way towards one of the 
many ticket booths, your smiling tram guide makes you note 
that you have parked in section Z: Z for Zorro. She then wishes 
you a happy day in the Technocratic Kingdom. As the tram 
comes to a halt, it spews forth its passengers, who are now not 
more than several steps away from the always busy ticket 
booths. 

VOLUPTUOUS SALIVATION 
While waiting in one of the slow moving ticket lines, one 

cannot help but note how the rambunctious masses salivate 
voluptuously at the mere thought of the chance to ride on an 
authentic pseudo-submarine, or take a nostalgic journey 
through America 's. Rivers or even shake hands with any of 
seven Dwarfs. Finally we purchase our tickets and are now 
ready to embark upon no less than 10 "adventures" in the 
Technocratic Kingdom. 

As we pass through the invitinl! port~!s . our eyes bulge out 
excitely as Mock Street , U.S.A. ('mbelli~hes itself upon our 
rods and cones. While walking down this amazing glimpse of 
yesteryear , we recall all the things that we have never lived 
through. Model A's, horse-drawn trolleys, antique fire engines, 
are all before our very eyes. " Amazing! " we declare. The 
shuffle-shuffledown Mock Street continues endlessly, the jovial 
populace tromping to and fro , eager to divest themselves of the 
frantic sensations that the thought of the many rides gives 
them. 

A TEST OF GULLIBILITY 
On entering Tremendousland, we immediately proceed to 

the Musto exhibit, where we thrill to the thought of simulated 
shrinkage. Once on our journey, we gawk in astonishment at 
the giant plastic snowflakes, the mystifying mirrored 
molecules, the hypnotic blinking nucleus , and last but not least, 
the amazing animated eye. As we leave the Musto pavilion we 
agree unanimously that our gullibility index is immense. 

Our next stop is the authentic track.iJriven pseudo-
submarine. And wouldn 't you know it , the name of our ship is 
the "Triton !" We proceed through the fathom.iJeep depths of 
that renowned landmark gawking in hysteria at the cement 
barnacles and plaster sharks, but just as we begin to 
appreciate the beauty of it all , our tape-recorded guide informs 
us that we must dive deeper because of a violent surface storm 
above us . The dive completed, we regain our senses just in 
time to view the newly.iJiscovered "Lost Continent of 
Atlantis ," Suddenly we are shocked! There are several 
mermaids swimming around lewdly and obscenely exposing 
their nipple-less breasts . "Terrible!" we exclaim in tempered 
monotones . Needless to say, we are extremely happy when our 
limpid vessel ultimately returns to port. 

CELESTIAL FOOD 
Hunger gnawing at our bones , we proceed to the "Spacebar ." 

We observe the hungry masses impatiently awaiting the half-
cooked morsels which will inevitably indigest in their unwary 
digestive tracts , and we follow suit . Disgustingland's menus 
are ingeniously contrived . We devour no less than six 
spaceburgers, two Pluto Corn Pups and one Mile·Long Jupiter 
Dog. While eating our all-American favorites, we are heartily 
entertained by the sounds of highly polished rock music . It is 
extremely interesting to watch the humble citizens dancing to 
these sounds. You should see them shout "Get it on ," as they 
salivate wildly at the thought that maybe , just maybe, . 
" Disgustingland ain 't that bad after all !" Of course, after 
dancing one is so frenetic that one of the overpriced rotgut 
Cokes just hits the spot . 

Moving right along, we proceed to Frivolousland. In 
Frivolousland we entertain the possibility of reliving our 
glorious past : Manifest Destiny, Daniel Boone, and the 
slaughter and exploitation of the Indian. After such thoughts, 
we decide on ainusing ourselves at the equally refreshing 
" Haunted Machine. " We are greeted by the stifled sounds of 

, 

the long-languorous lines awaiting the lackadaisically laconic 
spirits . And what spirits they are! A moronic audioghost who 
laughs at us sadistically as we laugh back mockingly. The 
mysterious " breathing doors ," the amazing Dancing Spooks, 
and to top it off a graveyard with its very own barbershop 
quartet! 

New Orleans Square brings back to us every fine detail of the 
Queen or the Delta, even down to the segregated streets. We 
decide to skip it . 

Unfortunately limited for time, we are jovially kept from 
exploring the thought-provoking wonders of Outrageousland 
and Fantastic\and . 

POSSIBILITIES 
• 

It's a Beautiful Day 
San Franci sco ' s own 

BEAUTIFUL DAY will 
perform in casual concert, 
Friday March 12. 8:00 p.m. at 
the Convention Hall . San Diego • __ ~~ __ :IOI~_" Communit y Conco urse . 

YACHTING . 
SUMMER • 
POSITIONS 
The American Yachting 
tion with listings on the 
Coast, West Coast, Gulf 
and the Great Lakes is solici 
for summer crew applicants. 

Positions are available for 
experienced as well as inexper i· 
enced male and female 
students and graduates. 
ence in cooking and child 
may be particularly helpful. 

Crew ing affords one the 
opportun ity to earn reasonable 
sums while engaged in pleasant 
outdoor activity. 

To a pply type a I page 
resume folloY'ing as closely as 
possible the f.)rm shown below. 
In April yo~ r resume will be 
e~ i ted, prin ed and sent to 
a pp roxima ely 1500·2500 
(depending 01 irea) large craft 
owners. 

RESUME FORM- (ll ~~me, 
address (h( me and school), 
phone numbrr , age; (2) relevant 
work or recrellipnal experience; 
(3) dates ava lable and area(s); 
(4) 2 or mor ~ Itudents wish ing 
to work toge .hir , \tal e name of 
other parties, (5) other informa-
tion. 

Send your resume with S6 
.. nrnce~\' ng fee to: 

American Yachting i 
Suite 503,8730 Sunset Blvd . 
Los Angeles, California 90069 

Your resume must be received 
later than March 26, 197 1. 

Appearing with BEAUTIFUL 
DAY will be BOZ SCAGGS. 
This is the fir t concert of its 
type a t the Concourse and will 
feature opel' seating. 

BEAUTIFUL DAY is not a 
new group to San Diego : having 
appeared in two concerts la t 
year. Their successes have 
called them back to headline 
their own show. 

After playing San Francisco 
for some time. they cut an 

Eleanor Antin 
Marielnkel 

Joan Jensen 
Solly lee 

Page 6 T~iton Times .'~arc~~, 1~71 

album which gave them instant 
success. BEAUTIFUL DAY 
was so successful they were 
turning away crowds who 
massed to hear the group' s 
fresh and original mu ic of 
classical , folk , jazz and rock 
sounds. Without rigidly defined 
styli stic guidelines, the group 
is free to explore, combine and 
experiment, which appea ls to 
fans of various musical styles. 

BOZ SCAGGS was formed 
only 11 months ago by Boz 
Scaggs, former guitarist with 
Steve Miller. After spending 
awhile in the South . Boz 
returned to San Francisco to 
form his group. 

Tickets are unreserved and 
are $3.50 in advance and $4.00 

at the door downstairs, or $3.00 
upstairs. They are now 
available at all Highlander 
Stores, Metro Ticket Agencies 
and the Civic Theatre Box 
Office (236-6510 ). 

Constructivist 
Exhibit 

Eighty four works in all 
media , by 56 artists of the 20th 
Century, from the collection of 
the American sculptor George 
Rickey , comprise the 
exhibition which opened 
February 27 at the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego, Balboa 
Park and will be on view there 
through April 4, 1971. 

Constructivism was the 20th 
Century art movement which 
formally abandoned the 
monolith as the basic 
sculptural form , and the 
central axis around which 
sculptural volumes must be 
organized. It introduced new 
materials such as plastics, 

. plexiglass and metal wire, on 
the grounds that several kinds 
of material could be combined 
in one work. RevolutionarY, it 
made a complete break with 
the figurative tradition , placing 
geometrical shapes and 
volumes at the foundation of 
sculpture . The sp irit of 
Co nstructivism was the 
merging of art and technology. 
This union of art and 

technology is especially 
fascinating and productive to 
the audiences and to the artists 
of today. 

Artists represented in the 
exhibition are: Josef Albers, 
Wassily Kandinsky , Viclor 
Vasarely and Narm Gabo, who 
with Vladimar Tatlin , was the 
leading figure of the 
Constructivist movement in 
Russia , during and just after 
the First World War . 

The show will be on view to 
the public Tuesday through 
Saturday, 10 :00 a.m. to 5:00 
p.m., Sunday, 12 :30 to 5:00 
p.m.: the Gallery i closed 
Monday. 

U(SD ART GAllERY 
THURSDAY - MARCH 11 

8:30 p.m. 

Poetry and music by the following San Diego Women: 
lynn lonodier 

Barbaro Miles 
Joyce Nower 

Suson Orlovsky 
Debbie Reaves 

Margar.t Rosso" 

Segad. 
Kathy Sister 

Jacki. W.rtz 
Women 's Music 

Improvisation Group 

UCSD Batmen Lose 
2-3 to Cal-Baptist 

The UCSD Diamondmen opened their 1971 season on a rather 
disappointing note , sustaining a 3-2 loss to viSiting Cal Baptist 
College Tuesday. The nine inning affair, which opened the year 
for both ball clubs, initiated the brand new Triton field to inter-
collegiate baseball . 

The Diamond, located approximately one mile east of the 
M~tthews Camp~s o.n Miramar Road , was the scene of sporatic 
ram In the early Innlngs causing an unsightly defensive Lotal of 
11 er.rors In the game (3 for the visitors and 8 for the Tritons). 
But In other areas of play , Coach Frank Vitale's 23 man ball 
club sparkled -:vith what amounts to 5 weeks of practice and 12 

freshm~n rook.les. Rtghthander Steve Balling, in his first game 
In a Triton unlform , pitched a fine 8 innings, scattering 3 hits 
and allowing 3 unearned runs . Ron Bush, veteran rightfielder, 
played possibly his finest game ever in going 2 for 4 at bat and 
intimidating the Baptists with his excellent fielding. Tall Pete 
Yocky made 2 fantastic put outs at first base. 

Th~ Tritons spotted the visitors to a three zip lead before 
ra llylOg In the 8th for two runs. Pinchhitter Chuck Bahde 
Steve "J .C. " Sheperd , Curtis Jenkins, and Tony Robles bega~ 
the comeback and It was not over until left fielder Mike 

~ob~ka was c~lI~ out on a close call at first , that the tying run 
dldn t score .. ThiS was a close game which we shOUld've won" 
commented Vitale in the dugout after the game, " But we hav~ 
25 more chances to prove ourselves." 

The Triton take on Azusa Pacific in a 12 o'clock 
doubleheader Saturday on our field . 

THE .OIlLO's FOREMOS ' 

Hypnolisl 
HAS SOMETHING 
ESPECIALLY NICE 
FOR YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

RESERVATIONS 
REQUESTED ... 
..... 223·8122 

.-....._'"'~-._A 
""IME "II OINNEII __ f .. t5 

Cattl,,,,.,. Cu, 
J ... ~. S~,Ir"'oi .. tr_h45 
F,iU C~ I .... 0, ••• ,_$3.45 
(1 •• 1. I •• tr., •• 01 ..... ) 

-~~-.." 

DtNNE R ........ 7:00 
SHOW TIME ... 9 :00 
--FREE--
POST-$HfM ~~/ON 
STOP SMONING · IIEMO"V · 
WEIGHT "EDUCTION , 
CONCENT"ATION · SEl F-
CONFIDENCE · ---

EOUCATIONA~ 
SUGGESTIONS 

' # 

Winning Season 

Wrestlers Finish Season at 
District III Championships 

Triton wrestlers finished 
their winning season last 
weekend with a trip to the 
District III Championship 
Tournament at California 
Lutheran College. Twelve 
schools participated in this 
intense day of wrestling which 
determined the wrestlers to be 
sent to the national finals in 
March. 
. As was expected , USIU with 
ItS ten-man zoo mobile walked 
away with the tournament. And 
Biola - the Bible Institute of 
Los Angeles - with its squad of 
preyed matises - prayed and 
Preyed their way into a second 
place. 

The Tritons were somewhat 
disappOinted by only taking a 
fifth team place, but many of 
them felt lucky to be leaying 
Thousand Oaks with arms 
legs, and heads still firmly 
attached to their bodies. 

The UCSD hero of the hour 
was Javier Correa , who took 
second place in the 126-pound 
division , losing to USIU. At 
142, Mike Ditomaso took third 

place in what wa probably the 
most exci ting rna tch of the da y 
against Gabe Ruz of USlU. As 
far as most spectators were 
concerned, Ruz didn 't deserve 
to beat the spunky Triton : he 
stalled his way through two 
periods, letting Mike make all 
the moves and only making 
point by capitalizing on his 
mistake s. It was a 
discouraging afternoon for 
Ditomaso. 

Three other Tritons came 
home with hardware: Tom 
Saichex at 118, Bob Wilson 134, 
and John Knapp 177, all Look 
fourth places. Randy Ziegler, 
Dennis Engel , and Fred 
Grunewald did not place. 

For all the men it wa s a long 
weekend. Everybody was glad 
when it was over, especially 
C~ck Chuck Millenbah, Bob 
WIlson, and Fred Grunewald. 
For the two seniors, iL meant 
their last eight minutes on a 
wrestling mat - nostalgia 
mixed with utter relief. And for 
Millenbah, it meant the last 
wrestling ulcer - at least for 
tbis sea son. 

Mar. lO 

Mar.13 

Apr . 3 

Apr. 7 

Apr, 10 

Apr. 15 

Apr. 17 

Apr. 20 

Apr. 24 

Apr. 28 

May 1 

May4 

MayS 

Baseball Schedule 
Opponent 

USD 

P!ace 

Home 

Pomona (DH) Away 
Quarter Finals and Recess 
Life Home 

USIU Home 

Pasadena (DH ) Away 

SDSC Home 

So . Calif. College (DH) Away 

Biola Home 

Cal Lutheran (DH ) Home 

UC Irvine Away 

So. Calif. College (DH ) Home 

UC Irvine Home 

Biola (DH) Away 

Time 

2:30 p.m. 

12:00 nool1 

12:00 noon 

3:00 p.m. 

12:00 noon 

3:00p.m. 

12 :00 noon 

3:00 p.m. 

12:00 noon 

3:30 p.m. 

12:00 noon 

3:30 p.m. 

12:00 noon 

We Have. a Fla~e 
For Dressing lOu Right 

QUICK CURE FOR TAX HEADACHE 
Nothing's more useless at tax time than finally sell , they've lived virtually 
a stack of rent r.eceipts. Yet most renters "Free". (To say nothing of the fact that 
don't realize how easy it is to own anew they've lived better: more space 
home and how big a tax advantage amenities and freedom. ) , 
comes with ownership. Here's how it could work for you. Let's 
Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly say you pay $175 a month.""That's $21 000 
1/ 3 of their total payments back as a tax in the next 10 years. But if you buy at 
dollar gain·, .. year after year! And look Pacific Soledad ($35,950 on a 30-year 
at these other advantages . Their FHA loan ) your principal and interest 
payments (unlike rent) never go up. deductions would provide a tax dollar 
They build equity in their home. They gain of $10,500 during those same years. 
(not their landlord) enjoy steadily rising A.nd you'd have $4,380 in equity plus a 
real estate appr.eci~tion . All together, p1.ece of property probably more 
many homeowners fmd that when they valuable than when you bought it. 

JOINT PUR itA E-ANOTHER WA Y TO TAME THE TAX BITE 
It 's also.p,racticalfor two singles to buy a and the model; or call Bob Waybourn, 
home ,Jomtly. Each person receives project manager at 272·39ti8. 
$5,2~ m tax dollar gain, and their ef- PACIFIC OLEO \0 
fecbve monthly payment is only $102, 2459 Beryl tr '~ l 
And ~he joi~t purchase isn't complicated. An Activity of the , , Finan ial Group 
Vestmg of tltl~, buy and sell agreements , "Asswnin€. 35% tax bracket. 
etc. ~an be tailored to your desires and ""Oil the average, $175 per month I " .. l" u uw ~Ij. n. -
best mterests, apar~ment in a high density building, one uncovered 

.. parking space and no view. If you can afford this, you 
For the details showmg exactly what the can probably afford a Pacific Soledad home with 3 
tax difference between renting and be<!rooms, 2·1/ 2 baths, 1675 sq. ft. net living area, 
buying can mean to you visit Pacific carpe~ed, fenced , landscaped, two fireplaces, self· 
Soledad today .. off 1-5 at Garnet west to cleamng double oven/ range, dishwasher, patio, 
Soledad Mt. Rd., then north to 'Randall ~!~y,CableTV,2-cargarageanda great Mission Bay 

March 9, 1971 Trtion Times Page 7 



., 

TUESDAY, 
March 9 

LECTUREs-4 p.m., 2145 Ritter 
Hall ; Barbara Kickey, "Pacific 
Equa torial Undercurrent. " 

7 p.m. 1103 Muir Bio. Building ; 
Dr. David Epel, "Comparative 
Studies on Fertilization : Are There 
Any Generalized Responses?" 

7 p.m., HL Aud ; Mr. L. J . 
Atkinson , "Today 's Morality : 
Ethics in Wonderland." 
MEET I NGS-noon , Muir 
Commons; Women's caucus: staff, 
student and faculty women will 
meet i.e discuss the status of 
women at UCSD. 

8 p.m., Sumner Aud ; UCSD Staff 
Ass. Meeting. Revelle Provost Dr . 
Paul Saltman will speak on "Our 
University in the 1970·s." 

MO VIE-noon , UiiB 2622 ; 
"Cavitation. " 

RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB-Radio 
(760); a faculty member from the 
School of Medicine will be guest on 
"Topic." 

EXPERIMENTAL 
COLLEGE-Classes in Middle 
East Studies are now being held 
every Tues. at 7:30, Aztec Center. 
SDSC. 

WEDNESDAY, 
March 10 

LECTURES-noon. 2100 BSV ; Dr. 

E. Callaway. "Measuring Mental 
Variability in Microvolts." 

7 p.m., USB 2622 ; "Panel of 
Children of Divorced Parents" 
UCSD Extension Series. $4 

7:30 p.m., St. James by-the-sea 
Episcopal Church ; Pastor Huber, 
"The Living Faith." 

MEETINGS-noon, Matthews 
Snack Bar; Women's caucus ; staff, 
student, and faculty women will 
meet to discuss the status of 
women at UCSD. 

7 p.m., Muir Dorms lith floor 
lounge ; MECHA Meeting. 

SWAP MEET~ p.m., gym; 
Anything may be sold, sWapped, or 
given away until 10 p.m. 

RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB Radio 
(760); a faculty member from the 
School of Medicine will be guest on 
"Topic." 

THURSDAY, 
March 11 

LECTURES-noon, Sumner Aud ; 
" Haluk and Wolea i 
Atolls- Acculturation in the South 
Pacific." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB ; Dr. S. Akasofu. 
"The Aurora." 

4 p.m., 3070 USB; Dr. S. 
Frautschi , "Bootstrap Model of 
Hadrons." 

8 p.m .• IGPP Conference Room ; 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
* Student travel discounts 
* Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter fl ight 
* International Student ID card 
* 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
" 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
* 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
* London-Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA l. A. Calif . 90049 

11687 Son Vicente Blvd. ff4 (213) 826-5669 

Students $1 .50 ( exc. Sat. Eve.) 
HAY FEVER 

Noel (oward's unpredictable (omedy of a fun· loving family enjoy-
ing life in the fret· spirited 1920's. 
n so (T • • •.• Wed . Th •• _ Su • . h • •. ) 12.00 (s ••. Mot. NO\'. 15' 
$3.00 (F .. . .. Sot. Iv ... , S 1.50 St • . thru colt. .. f.li ,ted MIl. . ... Sot. h • • 

1I.1M1 ,,1\ ~cen.tre stage 4111 lit,. 
,MtI' 

239·2255 
..... -

~swamanat 
ucSan 

lnakes aids 
152 times a day. 

any limes PSA SacramelllU. a;'1:j _ 'In Jose. 
connec s S Diego With Los With lowest air fares Meel 

An eles H Ilywood- • •• your campus rep 
Burb. nit. Ontario. halfway Or your 

Long .3ekch Oak- travel agen Or PSA. 
land Sa 1 F.ranclsco. ~,au 

PAM 81NKERD / 488·1393 

Page 8 Triton Times March 9, 1971 

Dr. S. Schlanger, "Carbonates and 
Tectonics." 
ME E TI NGS-noon , Muir 
Commons; Women's caucus: staff, 
student, land faculty women will 
meet to discuss the status of 
women at UCSD. 

FRiDAY, 
March 12 

LECTU RE-I : 15 p.m ., Lieb 
Amphitheater, Timpken-Sturgis 
Bldg ., " Significance of 
Complement in Clinical Disease," 
Hans J . Muller-Eberhard, MD. 

12 noon, Sumner Auditorium, 
SIO, "Seaweed 
Pharmacological Interest," Dr. 
James Sims. UCR. 

4 p.m., 2100 Basic Science Bidg., 
School of Medicine, "Topics in 
Respiration - Threshold Levels of 
Hypoxia in Man ." Dr. D. Denison. 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB-7:30 

University of California's study 
center in Mexico City is March 15 
for undergraduates and July 15 for 
graduate students ; for information 
contact the Office of International 
Education, Bldg. 2SO MC, Ext. 1940 
Anyone interested in playing 
"European Handball ' call Arne 
Berge at xl645 or Per Endresen at 
xlO4O. 

Conference on the New 
International Theater Workshop ; 
all potential actors and musicians 
come to room 3060 USB Tues. and 
Wednesday 4-7 p.m. 

An Art Show by Diddo Clark will be 
on display for the month of March 
in Urey Hall in front of the Science 
and Engineering Library. 

Generai information and 
applications are available in the 
Muir Provost Office for Muir 
Soph., Juniors , and Seniors 
interested in applying for the 
Dartmouth College Exchange 
Program for Fall Quarter 1971 ; 
deadline is March 31. p.m., Revelle Informal Lounge, 

End of term party ; everyone 
welcome. The American History and 

MOVIES-7 :30 p.m., USB 2722, 
Friday Night Flicks. "Hunchback 
of Notre Dame" and "Cabinet of 
Dr. Caligari" 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Deadline for applications for the 

Institutions Exam will be given on 
April 3 at I p.m. in USB 2722 ; 
students wishing to take the exam 
must sign up by March 31 in the 
Registrar's Office or in one of the 
Provost's Office. 

All applications for Financial Aid 
for 1971-72 must be submitted to the 
Financi&1 Aids Office Bldg. 250 MC 
by March. 

UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 

McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW 

SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 

THE PROGRAM OF THE SCHOOL OF LAW ENABLES STU-
DENTS TO BEGIN THE STUDY OF LAW IN THE SUMMER 
QUARTER (June 1971 ) OR AUTUMN QUARTER (September 
1971 ), IN THE 3 YEAR DAY OR 4 YEAR EVENING DIVISION . 
McGEORGE OFFERS THE JURIS DOCTOR DEGREE AND IS 
ACCREDITED BY THE AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION . AP-
PLICATION DEADLINE : June 1, 1971. 
ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS OF PROSPECTIVE 

LAW STUDENTS 
will be h.ld on Frlclay, March 12, 1971 from 10:30 • • m . to 
12:30 p .m. in the Informal lounge in the Rev.lI. Commons. 
Sponsored by Career Education Planning Center. 

PACIFIC HONDA w..,aheacl 
and .rl alone. 

Pacific Honda-1 277 Garnel 
272·55 1 J 

,LASSIFIEDS 
Travel 

EUROPE: 1225· S210. Also 
ISRAEL .1Id JAPAN Spring 
.1Id Summer flights .v.llable 
cell 755·3990 .fter 5 p.m., or 
write E .S.E.P.-UCSD 1217 
Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
Cellf. (5/11) 

Europe cherters. 50 De,.r· 
tures, .Iso from N.Y., Afric., 
llIdi., Isr.el. 60% Off. Free 
info : EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, C.llf. , 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. (5/11 ) 
Europe Jet Ch.rter Flights. 
Spring Speclel. Mlrch 30 thru 
June 15 - $261. Plus full 
summer progr.m. t.1I Leslie 
512-9091 .fter 5. ( R) 

$269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
" 15 or 61 30 to " I 
Large Savings on cers .nd 
cherter flights to Isr.el , 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277·5200 
cl 0 Sierrl TrlVel of Beverly 
Hills 9175 Sant. Monic. Blvd., 
Los Anae"' , 90212 (3/ l~J 
Europe Chlrters • Sever.1 
schedules from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 one WIY. Coordinetor : 
Professor Mlrg.ret PI.I 247 
Roycroft, Long Be.ch. '0103. 
213-431-2179. (31 12) 

For Sal. 
For Sale by owner 

A home with In income on one 
third .cre. Fruit trtts .nd 
glrden. t.\Ist be seen to be 
Ipprecilted . Mike offer. 753-
2910. (31 ') 
A BETTER BEDI King sile 
wlter bed. 555.00. The W.ter 
Hole, 42.2 EI t.lon Blvd., 210-
2611 . . (R) 
WATER BEDS GUlfanteed 
t,.nsluscent to infinity. Wide 
selection, shepes .nd siles: 
6'X7' King sile 534.50. I' round 
$61.50. t.1I 222-'175 .fter 5 p.m . 

(4 / 2) 
For Sale: 1964 .ambler American 
SHan $400 or .... t oHe.. Call Ext. 
193601454-6379. (3/ 12 ) 
4-w'-l drive 1969 Teyota Land 
CruiMr ellcellent cendition. Call after 
5 p.m. 753-0661. (3/ 12) 

Personals 
RtDfWANTED 
Students need ride to .. st coast or .. 
(New Yorlt) at spri", !H"It. Around 
March 22. Will share gas •• ,.n.s 
Plea. contoct Judy las_It 4 •• • 
4090 (3/ 12) 
Wishi", to do part or fuH tim. baby-
sitting for a toddler on the campus 
Man·h i for companionship with a 
twe year old girl . . ... Dean Apt. 
Muir Call any time 453-6506. (3/ 9) 

W. nt person (s) to d rive clr to 
Florid •. Driver p. ys glS 454-
0641 or 411·7311. (31 12) 

'" III!' ""'~71l ".,'S_ 
~S~". 
7f»laD 

Admission $3 .50 

Mile students ,.rtl full time, $3 
hr. plus scholanhlp. t.1I 224-
2164. (R) 

TriteM,., ..... 
Meet onytime A"-
3: 00 p.III. In H-66 
Muir. AlII ,., SIr Iete.n 

• ____ n ..... ".,., grocI or 
..... OeMnfreIIt, _n _ and 
Itoth $70 per _th til June 15th. 
755-6006. 

(3/ 12) 
La JeIIo custem ..... OeMn view. 
IIg yard. $500 per _th, ,... 
...... $900 per _th IUmmer. 
Ow_, 453·6310. 

(3/ 12) 
lMt en Weclnndoy March 3rd in the 
South • ..,... PorIIing ..... __ ttl 
ChI_ CivilIzation Iy Dun J Li. 

(3/9) 
Won"": 0 ..... cenditien flu ... WiI 
pay up te S25 ,., it. Centact "nne" 
ot453-1613. (3/ 12) 

LOST BI.ck Minilture Poodle 
on Kellogg Be.ch or neer L. 
Jolli Shores erea . H.s slightly 
gr.y gOltft under chin : n.med 
"Pons ." Lost lite Sun. evening 
or Mon. morning. 2·ye.r-01d son 
is .nxious to ,et his pllym.te 
back. " found , plelSe cont.ct 
Chuck CArver.t 454-4264 diy, or 
453-6135 night. 

S.rvice. 
AVOID INCOME TAX HASSIII 
"-cite Inc_ To. ServIce 24 Hours, 
pur home, or our effIce, lOVe 
money, 295-17.7. (4/3) 

SHI'AHOY 
.ESTAUIANT 
ANDIIHIAI 

FISH & OIPS, SHIIMP 
+ OICltEN 

50cents Off' ON ANY OIDII 
WlTHTIiSAD 

141 LOMAS SANTA FE 
SOlANAlUCH (3/ 12) 

755·3401 
We t_h muslc-tultar (hilt, blues, 
roclt) Au.. 5.string banjo, sitor, 
tobia, electrk bau .-.., auto 
harp. Cal 'aul or DebbIe 755-7454. 

(3/ 12) 
Is Your AutoSick or Tired 

Try J.mes Automotive Service 
Americ.n .nd Foreign Clrs 
Re,.irs .nd Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
LA Joll. (in the re.r) 45'-'111 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

(R) 

Service on Schedu le. Modest 
R.tes . Satisflction is the end 
product. Helen 45'-'" (~\ 
Typing - for Iccur.te Typing 
on electric pica - term p.pers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. CIII 
Mrs. McCroskey 217-1607. 

(R) 
Income tlX, Federll Ind Stlte 
returns preparltions. Discount 
for stude nts, stlH, Ind ',cuny. 
Cell 453-7701. 

131 5-31 12-4/ 2-41 ') 
Typ ing ... Experienced t ypo 
ist . . . Ter m p. pers, theses. 
Electric typewriter . Will do 
rush jobs. 453·6135 . (R) 

BO DIDDLEY 
AND HIS BAND 

PLUS 

ICE HOUSE 
BLUES BAND 

FRI .·SAT.·SUN. 
Shows 1:30/ 10:30 

NOll VIINV~IO ll:AOllcl' NON 


