
UC Students Run Sacramento 
Office T 0 Lobby Legislature 

John laller 
Staff Writer 

"It's the unglorious, non-headline-making 
work that really affects the issues," declares 
Richard Twohy, "and that's what I'm all 
about." 

A soft-spoken but persistent easterner 
sporting neatly trimmed side burns and a 
mustache, Richard Twohy is the first full-time 
student lobbyist in the country. He works for the 
Associated Students of the University of 
California, under the direction of the UC 
Council of Student Body Presidents. "My job," 
he says, " is to work for things the students 
want." 

A 26-year-old law graduate from New York 
University, Twohy will meet the Sacramento 
legislators on their own ground. Paying careful 
attention to technicalities and loopholes that are 
often 90 per cent of the substance of a 
prospective law, Twohy is preparing positions 
on twelve bills, currently pending before the 
legislature, that will affect students of the 
University. He makes no decisions for himself, 
however, but acts only at the direction of the 
council of UC presidents. 

Two Billsutroduced 
But beyond merely taking positions on 

already-existing bills, Twohy has managed to 
have two of his own bills introduced. Both would 
increase the University's and the state's 
commitment to the Educational Opportunity 
Program. If they pass, the UC EOP program 
would get a $6 million shot in the arm for its 
existing $8 millio . program. The revenue bill 
was introduced by Hon. William Bagley, the 
prominent Republican who was instrumental in 
pushing through Governor Reagan's tax reform 
last session. Twohy has . also lined up the 
Democratic floor leader in the Assembly, 
Walter Karabian, as co-sponsor of the bill . 

With such bipartisan support, Twohy may be 
well on his way toward an important 
achievement. Asked how he persuaded a 
Reagan Republican to support an EOP 
increase, he replied , "Just lucky, I guess. You 'd 
be surprised what people will do if you just ask 
them. " 

A Viable, PermaDent Lobby 

In the long run, Twohy hopes to build a viable 
and permanent student lobby in Sacramento. To 

do this, he hopes to ·~t $84,000 from the nine UC 
governments next year, much of which would be 
spent to supply a permanent office with deSKS, 
typewriters, a mimeo machine, etc. After that, 
Twohy estimates the lobby could function 
effectively on a yearly appropriation of $4fr 
50,000, including a salary for a secretary. 

Once established, the lobby would have three 
main functions. First, it would research vital 
issues, like the current legislative effort to 
revamp the California master plan for higher 
education, as well as scrutinize hundreds of bills 
each session for hidden clauses that might 
affect students or the University. This huge task 
would depend on an intern program to bring 
students to Sacramento for a quarter on special 
academic credit. There are three such interns 
working this quarter. 

Second, Twohy plans to develop a successful 
program of outright lobbying. This would 
involve, he said, "effective contact" with 
legislators, as well as preparation of statements 
and giving committee testimony on vital pieces 
of legislation. " We might from time to time 
support bills that we don't really care about," 
Twohy said, " so that their sponsors will owe us 
support on our own bills." 

But the real effectiveness of the lobby, said 
Twohy, will depend on the growth of an 
interested and active body of students on the 
campuses. "People will ignore us," he said, 
" unless they know we have broad support in our 
own constituency." 

'l'wohy hopes to disseminate information on 
pending bills on a regular basis to all regular UC 

students, possibly with a questionnaire to 
determine predominate student viewpoints. 
Twohy also envisions the establishment of 
"shadow committees" to follow, and to 
influence, the workings of vital legislative 
committees. The growth of this kind of 
organization, so vital to the ultimate success of 
the lobby, will be the responsibility of the local 
student governments. Twohy, for his part, 
would provide inputs of pertinent information 
and political expertise. 

The danger of becoming a partisan leftist 
organization is one to which Twohy is sensitive. 
"There is room in this office to help the 
conservative and radical students alike," he 
said, " the bald and the hairy, and down the 
line." Office space, use of the mimeo machines 
would be available to any regular student who 
had an interest in affecting a piece of 
legislation. " We'll help in any way we can, " 
Twohy said, " including setting up appointments 
with key lawmakers." 

This school year is almost over, but Twohy is 
hopeful that incoming student governments will 
give him the financial support he needs to 
continue his work in the fall. 

This year , ASUCSD contributed $1500 toward 
the student lobby. 

The nitty gritty of lobbying, meanwhile, keeps 
Twohy busy. The EOP bill provides a case in 
point: His claim of " just lucky" in getting the 
support of Bagley is plain false modesty ; the 
.lUccess of the proposal is due to hard work. 

(Continued on page 6) 

. - -trIton tI 
Volume 13, Num6er 8 

Moon rocks at UCSD 

UCSD Gets New Moon Rocks, 
Changes Aim of Lunar Study 

Mott Hinton 
Photo Editor 

James Arnold , professor of chemistry, yesterday showed to 
the press UCSD's latest shipment of moon rocks. The two 
specimens displayed, he said, were sections from a larger 
rock. roughly the size of a football , which was brought back tc 
earth by the Apollo 14 astronauts. 

The rocks are different from previous samples in that they 
are heterogeneous - composed of a mixture of several 
chemically and physically distinct minerals- in contrast to the 
largely homogeneous specimens collected on e.arlier missions, 
Arnold noted . One of the two chunks shown yesterday had been 
taken from the surface of the larger rock, and showed a small 
impact crater with crystalline inclusions. Whether this was the 
re ult of a micrometeorite impact or a hit from a piece of the 
moon thrown up by a nearby meteorite strike has not yet been 
determined, he added. I 

According to Dr. Arnold , the rock may have been formed or 
thrown up during the formation of nearby Cone Crater. Very 
early indications from other labs - and Dr. Arnold emphasized 
that the conclusions were strictly conjectural at this point-
uggest that the rock had been on the surface of the moon for 

around 15 million years . Other, earlier samples have shown 
exposure .times ranging upwards from one hundred million 
years. 

Arnold stated that the arrival of the new rocks here signals a 
change in the direction of UCSD's moon studies. Heretofore the 
emphasis has been on solar phenomena , investigating the 
effects of solar bombardment on lunar minerals and thus 
pr?ving a key to solar history. Now, however, the emphasis has 
shifted to lunar history. The researches begun with the new 
rocks will ultimately enable scientists to determine, by 
examination, exactly how long a given specimen of rock has 
been on the surface; or, if buried, how deep and for how long. 

University 01 California, San Diego Friday, April 23, 1911 

AS Candidate Doug Ballis 

'The games I play are the natural games' 
Corl Neiburger 

City Editor 
(Editor's note : Tbe following 

is tbe text of tbe first part of an 
interview witb AS Presidential 
candidate Doug Ballis. Betb 
Lyons is running witb bim as a 
candidate for Vice-President. 
According to Ballis, sbe is 
running on a platform of male-
cbauvinism.) 
Triton Times: Why do you feel 
you should be elected 
president? 
Doug Ballis: Let's get to a 
better question like why are 
you running or . .. 
17: OK, why are you running? 
Ballls: I'm running for the 
same reason everybody else is, 
you know ... 
17: What's that? 
Ballis: You really have a good 
job of being an interviewer, 
really pat down. The whole 
thing with the AS is that the 
Associated Students isn 't really 
that important an organization 
on campus, man, like all the 
other candidates are putting up 
all their posters and 
everything, saying, you know, 
we're going to decentralize it 
and make it a cooperation and 
take it off campus and this and 
that and everything. 
17: WELL Brian Ritter hasn 't 
said a thing about AS. 
Ballis : Brian Ritter is running 
because he 's run three years 
before ; it would be breaking 
the tradition. Besides I talked 
Ritter into running and I talked 
Shaw into running too. 
17: Well, why are you running 
yourself? 
Ballis : I'm running because I 
didn 't think Shaw and Ritter 
would be running. 
17: Well , now that they 're 
running why are you running? 
Ballis: I'm glad you asked that. 
Well , I'm running 'cau e 1 want 
to get elected. 
n: Why do you want to be 
elected? - This is what I a ked 
before. 
Balli.: Same reason as 
anybody else. 1 kind of like to 

do things like that. 
17: Why do you think people 
should vote for you? 
Ballis : I'm not going to go 
around playing any of the little 
games the other candidates are 
going to be playing. Like I'm 
not going to plaster my name 
all over saying vote for me 
because I Madison Avenue you , 
spreading my name so you 
know my name and I'm not 
going to create issues like 
decentralizing or things like 
that, saying that the problem is 
like the reason the AS doesn 't 
have any power is because it's 
institutionalized. 
17: What games are you going 
to play and what issu'es are you 
going to create? 
Ballis : The games I play are 
the natural games. 

T'I': Brian Ritter said that. 
Ballis: That's true, Brian 
Ritter did say that. The thing is 
people like Brian Ritter aren 't 
going to get elected. 
T'I': Well are you going to be 
elected? 
,Ballis: Yeah 
T'I' : Why? 
Ballis: Why not? 
T'I': Oh, if people don 't vote for 
you you won 't get elected. 
Ballis: That may be in som> 
circles. I didn 't say what I was 
going to be elected as. 
T'I': Well what are you going to 
be elected as? 
Ballis : Let's go back into the 
AS, OK? The problem isn 't 
with the AS's institutions, that 
nothing's done or they can 't get 
anywhere or that the students 
don 't feel like they 're being 

represented. The problem is in 
fact with the people, with the 
students in AS and the students 
outside of AS. 
T'I': David Shaw said that. 
Ballis: Who do you think told 
Dave Shaw that? 
T'I' : Did you tell Karl Keating 
his platform too? 
Ballis : Excuse me. 
T'I' : Three years ago Brian 
Ritter 's was Town Meetings. 
Ballis : Yeah, town meetings. 
OK that's even better than Karl 
Keating 's platform, I mean 
candidates run on a platform 
every year . They just change 
the platform but it's the same 
people, you know, hoping that 
maybe this time my platform 
will snowjob a few people into 

(Continued on page 6) 

PresldeDtlal CaadJdates Doul Ball1s, Karl • Comml loner of Ext l1li1 Alflur Mn l:arr 
KealiDI, Paul KaafmaD, Dlddo aark, a.. asked tbe pre ideDtial caDdldate wbat they 
David Sbw field qaesttoas from a paDel would do aboat cutbacks ID fiDlDc1a1 aids. After 
composed of ODe "pporter per caadJclate, BriaD a discussion of bow effective A could be 
Ritter wal abseat a .. reported to bve been . relardlDI thi matter, tudeDt Alan Ute 
repalrtDI ~s car la EI CajoD wlilile the proposed the electioD be postPODed for a mODtb 
calldlclates meetl .. wa.l. Prolfes Wedltetday 1tatial, ". dOD't tbiu tk caDCIldatea tbat are 
upt, Mill Clark later walked "to represeDtial1i rlililt lOW are preseatly able to 

Later I. tlile eveala., Cudldate for lIudIe tile ISMes t ... t are really releva.t to. , 



Dr. Jonas Salk, Honorary Fellow of tbe University of 
California, San Diego's John Muir College, signs his name in 
the wet cement of the Muir College Plaza located between the 
Humanities & Social Sciences Building and the Muir Cafeteria 
while Muir College Provost John Stewart looks on. 

Ground Broken Tuesday for 
Future International Center 

Tina Breakstone 
Staff Writer 

Groundbreaking ceremonies took place Tuesday on the site 
of the old Archery Range east of Bonner Hall for the future 
International Center, scheduled for completion in the fall of 
this year . Funded almost enti rely by gift fu nds, the Center will 
include offices and lounges for both foreign students and San 
Diego students involved in overseas educa lion programs. 

Designed by campus architect Robert Thorburn, the Center 
will resemble. not the giant concrete structures of MUir 
College, but , according to Vice Chancellor George Murphy, 
" the best of Matthews." The Center will be composed of a 
small cluster of wooden buildings, the tallest being only two 
stories high. 

The International Center, Murphy told the TRITON TIMES, 
is only the first stage of a three-stage buildi~g program which 
will eventually include another cluster of bUlldmgs devoted to 
student workshops in ceramics , sewing and other areas, and a 
commuter student lounge. These buildings will be located 
northeast of Bonner Hall. 

The third stage. to be known as the Student Center. will be a 
complex including a bowling alley, theatre , eating facilities , 
music listening and pract.ice rooms, and more lounges. Also 
located here will be the Health Center, and the offices of 
Campus Student Affairs. now housed In 250 Matthews Campus. 

A Building Advisory Committee composed of student 
representatives from each college, representatives from the 
AS, a graduate student and three members of the 
administrative staff, has been formed to help develop plans 
and propose designs for the Student Center. Working with the 
Planning Office and the architectural engineers, the 
Committee has devised a plan whereby $6,000 of the $6-student 
fee funds collected over the last year and a haH will be used to 
pay for the extension of the utility tunnel , which will in the 
future connect the International Center with the Student 
Center. 

Muir Curriculum Reform Shelved; 
Faculty Forms Study Commission 

Frank Phillips 
Staff Writer 

The Muir College faculty voted . Tuesday to set up a 
commission " to examine the operation of the MUIr College 
curriculum." The action had the effect of suspending 
consideration of proposals for changes In the gradualton 

present requirements, and an examination of stude~t ~nd 
faculty educational objectives ," The college commiSSIon, 
which will be formed under the direction of the college provost, 
is expected to issue a comprehensive report in the fall. The 
commission will consist of facul ty , students and college 
administrators. 

In making his motion, Professor Gusfield said that an. effort 
has not been made to determine what the problems wIth the 
present curriculum are, and what students want out of their 
education. Several persons challenged t~e need for a new 
study. Dr. Frank Halpern said that anythmg the com~TlI sslOn 
comes up with will have little to do wIth Improvmg the 
curriculum. 

requirements of the collel(e. . 
At the beginning of Tuesday's meetmg. Provost John Stewart 

withdrew his proposal for changmg the graduatIOn 
requirements, which he introduced several weeks ago to the 
faculty . Stewart said that recent developments have conVinced 
him that the demands for requirement changes "are symptoms 
of a larger problem which won 't be solved by merely changing 
the required curriculum." 

Stewart commented that a report by a Contemporary issues 
class published in Tuesday's TRITON TIMES was very 
"timely ." The report, drawn up by a class concerned with the 
educational philosophy of John Muir College, called for a 
greater committment to the ideals of the College, as expressed 

Muir Council member Steve Clark proposed that the 
commission make specific recommendations about changes 
needed. His amendment, seconded by his sister Diddo, was 
defeated. 

in the catalog. . 
Stewart withdrew his proposal for a revision of graduatIOn 

requirements in order that a proposal for the esta blishment of 
a college commission could b~ introduced. Profes~or Joseph 
Gusfield , chairman of the SocIOlogy Department, mtroduced 
the commission proposal on behalf of himself and Professors 
Roy D'Andrade, Michel Benamou and Michael Parrish. 

During the discussion of Gusfield 's proposal Professor 
Victor Rumsey suggested that professors have greater contact 
with undergraduates. He proposed that each professor teach a 
freshman course limited to thirty students. He said that each 
professor would only have to teac~ one s~ch cours~ ever,Y two 
years. Because he made his motton durmg the diSCUSSIOn of 
Gusfield's proposal, it was ruled out of order. Rumsey said he 
will continue to work for hi s proposal. 

According to the motion passed, the c()mmission "is charged 
with preparing a summary of its findings concerning current 
areas of student concern, faculty and student opinion involving 

Regarding other business, Provost Stewart said that ~he 
Muir Cafeteria will be re-opened in the fall under the operalton 
of the University . Dr. Michael Parrish reported plans for a 
picnic in June for graduating seniors. I' 

Hare Krishna 

Krishna Seeks Liberation from Turmoil 
Rose DeCosta 
Staff Writer 

Donned in a simple orange wrap-
around, an eye-catching individual with 
shaven-head and tambourine in hand 
vehemently chants out " Hare Krishna , 
Hare Krishna , Krishna Krishna" ... 
Chanting Hare Krishna , the name of the 
Lord . is, according to the International 
Society of Krishna Consciousness , "the 
only means of liberation in this age of 
conflicts and turmoil. " 

Five years ago the Krishna religion 
was introduced to the Western world by 
Swami Prabhupada , an Indian master 
who was ordered by the godhead to 
spread this faith . For years Prabhupada 
was in India translating Sanscript and 
then with his books he went to New 
York , arriving with only seven dollars . 
There he spent the days chanting his 
salvation in the parks. Prabhupada 
managed to attract a few followers and 
now Krishna Consciousness has spread 
to various areas of the U.S. 

San Diego has its own Krishna 
community, located on Park Boulevard . 
Seven members reside there. Every 
norning at 4 :30 a.m., the Krishna 
followers partake in a ceremonial 
service called arotike (welcoming of the 
Lord ). During this ha If-hour service, 
they offer Krishna a 6-7 course breakfast 
along with flowers and gifts as tokens of 
thei r love. After the offering, the meal is 

distributed and consumed amongst the 
followers . This type of offering is typical 
of every meal. 

Krishna members eat no meat, fish, 
or eggs. Their diets consist of meals 
prepared following the over 1000 recipes 
found in the Vedic Scriptures. On Sunday 
afternoons at 2 p.m. a public feast is 
held at the Pepper Grove Picnic area in 
Balboa Park, to which all are invited to 
taste the "wonderful food of Kri shna." 

Krishna followers spend the majority 
of their time preaching, and money is 
not a prime concern of theirs. They do, 
however , manage to exist on income 
received from making and distributing 
incense, along with whatever donations 
are collected. 

Four Regulative Principles 
The Krishna community lives by four 

regulative principles . (1) No intoxicants 
are allowed, intoxicants being drugs, 
cigarettes, and alcoholic and carbonated 
beverages. (l) Illicit sex . is not 
permissable. Marriage is allowed. and 
married members are dlstmgUlshed 
from the rest by the color of their dress. 
Married people wear yellow or white 
robes and single followers wear orange. 
(3) Gambling is not allowed. Gambling 
not only regards money but also 
speculation. No one should try to 
speculate about the future . (4) No meat, 
fish or eggs are to be consumed .. 

Costuming in quite impressive and 

symbolic in this religion. The plain 
robes are worn as a sign of 
disassociation from material items. 
Shaving of the head is a proclamation of 
the concept of god and the few strands of 
hair that are left uncut (called sikha ) 
symbolize the presence of a "personal 
god." Life beads worn around the neck 
indicate giving up of life to Kri shna, and 
a string of counting beads is used to keep 
track of the number of times the Hare 
Krishna chant is recited. There are 108 
beads to a string and Krishna believers 
are obligated to chant 16 times around 
the beads daily, as the entire movement 
is based on this chant. These chants are 
believed to "keep minds constantly 
fixed on the presence of Krishna ." 

As a means of "making the soul a 
conscious part of the body, " clay 
markings (referred to as tilaks ) 
symbolizing the Lord are placed on 12 
fixed areas of the body. 

To join the Krishna movement, a 
person must undergo a six-month 
initiation period to indicate sincerity to 
the cause. After this period, he is given 
his life beads and also a spiritual name. 

The San Diego chapter of Krishna 
Consciousness has been making efforts 
to recruit followers from the UCSD 
community, as indicated by their 
period ic visits to the campus. Also every 
Tuesday evening a class in Bhakti-Yoga 
is conducted in Building 2C on the 
second floor . 

Meetings to Help Students Pick Maiors 
The Revelle Committee on 

College Affairs has announced 
that it and the academic 
departments are co-sponsoring 
a series of meetings designed 
to give the student an 
opportun ity for gai ning 

ipfor~ation that wil} help him 
ih decldmg on a major field of 
study. 

According to the committee 
and Dean Tom Hull of Revelle 
College . the program is 
di, (;(t"d jlrlmaril 10 those 
students who will begin upper-
division classes in the fall 
quarter , but all students are 
Invited to attend. 

Each department was asked 
to organize a panel 01 two 
laculty members, a graduate 
student and an undergraduate 
student to serve as resource 
people to an wer any que tions 
about the department. The 
format to be followed will be 
determined bv the panel 
members. but most of the time 
will be u ed lor a question and 
a nswer period. 

Because of " tight time Building, Room 1205. 
frame, " no definite schedule According to the Revelle 
has as yet been made. College Committee on College 
Presentations are slated for Affairs, this program was 
the following dates : April 26, initiated primarily in response 
27. 28, 29 and May 3, 4. 5, 6. 10, to the interest of its student 
II at 7 : 00 p.m . The members. They felt that 
departments scheduled to date s tud e nt s needed more 
are Math on May 6, Building in for m a Ii 0 nab 0 u t 
2A, room 5880, Physics on May departments, the curriculum , 
4. Building 2A. room 2113, job opportunities in the fields 
Psychology on April 28 , for graduate study, etc., prior 
Building 2A , Room 2113, and to making their decision on a 
Anthropology on May 3, HL major. 

Muir College Elections 
The Muir College CounCil Will hold elections 

May 5. 197 t to select student members to serve 
next vear. 

Tho e interested in running must get at least 
one pageful of signatures of Muir students on 
your petitIOn. 

Petition may be obtained in the Resident 
Dean Office (down tair in the Muir 
Commons ) or the College Dean 's Office (room 
2125 bu ildtng 2D l. . 

Petitton must be returned by 12 noon Aprtl 
28, 1971. 

Pege2 Triton Tim .. 23 Tund.y.ApriI23.1971 

Harekrilu ... rekrlluurellarebare ... rer.m .... rer.m .... rellue ... reurekrl.ukrl ... krl ...... " 

triton times election supplement 

Mark Sielel -Vice Presldent.nd Brlln Ritter - President 

Brian Ritter and 
Mark Siegel 

We were going to submit pornographic visual aids as a 
statement of our program. The TRITON TIMES staff 
however, advised us that they would not print it. Then w~ 
figured out that a better statement already existed . It 's in 
YOUR OWN MIND. 

THINK ABOUT IT ! ! ! 
Now, DO IT! ! ! 

David Shaw 
I am not interested in being a 

good AS President. Rather, my 
candidacy challenges the 
institution itself : I maintain 
that the Associated Students 
are not associated - that no 
legislative body representing 
UCSD students exists at 
present . It is not clear to me. 
in fact , that there is a need for 
sucha body. 

More surprISing. perhaps. 
the junkie does not hate the 
cop. but recognizes and accepts 
the same game. As perceive4 
by junkie and cop alike. the 
function of the junkie is to do 
his dope thing and hide from 
the cop. and the function of the 
cop is to chase. beat and 
persecute the junkie. Neither 
challenges the rules . Both 

Both the incumbent and 
proposed AS governments are 
pretentious and delusive, 
engaj(ing primarily in self-
legitimati on ( that is , 
genera ting needs and activities 
for themselves) . The few 
useful functions se rved by our 
glorified high school student 
government ( e .g . 
facilita ting dances and 
concerts. funding various 
groups ) co uld easily be 
performed by a si ngl e 
commit tee without the 
ostentation and expense 
involved in our junior U.S. 
Congress. 

Let us. then, accept the fact 
that. str ipped of its pretenses. 
AS government is. and will 
most likely continue to be. a 
private pa rty to which most of 
us will not be invited : it is an 
absorbing diversion for some of 
the guests , and an exhil.irating 
ego trip for the others. Let us 
turn our attention elsewhere. 

In ew York . junkies and 
cops rna intain a peculiar bllt 
stab le symbiot ic relationship. 
The narcotics officer neither 
despises nor sympathizes with 
the heroin pu sher . but 
considers him an omnipresent 
adversary in a universa lly 
defined game . 

DlVld S"'w -President 

legitimize the game. This 
interests me more than AS 
salaries. 

I am completing a double 
major in APIS and math. Most 
of the cops who run my classes 
make the lives of their junkies 
miserable. Many consider 
their undergraduate class 
responsibilities an imposition. 
and teach accordingly . 
Learning is force-fed and self-
motivation is stripped from the 
educational experience . 
Lectu rers are incredibly 
insensitive to the state of 
attention of stUdents . 
Professors thrust arbitrary, 
immutable. humiliating course 
requirements at their reluctant 
but complicit students . 

Extracurricular learning, 
199·s. and the Evan's system 
for Math classes must have 
convinced some students that. 
quite apart from being boring 
and nerveracking. faculty-
defined education with its due-
date homework . non-evaluative 
exams and a~sassination of 
creative thought doesn't eveD 
work , lJCSD faculty and 
administrators have not shown 
an overwhelming interest in 
student par ticipation in the 
plenary, administrative and 
eva luative a pects of their 
classes. but I can 't blame 
them : it's easier to be a cop 
when there are so many willing 
junkies around . 

Read Jerry Farbe r 's 
" Student as Igger' ·. It' s only 
about 15 pages long. and you'll 
be held respon ible for it. II I 
am clected. UCSD students will 
have school unilorms by winter 
quarter . I will organize field 
trips to the bakery and the 
dairy tarm. [ will work for an 
"extra cm:lit" program lor 
lower division cia es. Hall 
passe and absence slips will 
be printed But forget the 
cemetery. my friends . We 've 
already got one. 

Paul Kaufman and 
Tom Caryl 

It is indeed absurd to accord respect or legitimacy to a 
government if it cannot accomplish the objectives of the people 
it is intended to serve; but we contend that the potential and 
the capabilities of the AS are significant, and deserve your 
respect as well as support. As evidence, 

We intend to implement the following Platform : 
(1) FORM AN OFF-CAMPUS STUDENT CORPORATION 

TO CREATE AN INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL BASE FOR 
T~E ASUCSI? Money could be raised, invested, and then 
remvested ; WIth enough money , the AS would no longer have to 
~ollect mandatory fees . Because the corporation would be 
mdependent of Regental control, its funds would be 
accumulated and then allocated to the best advantage of its 
members. Moreover, the student corporation would make it 
possible to develop a SELF-SUPPORTING STUDENT 
COMMUNITY, Services such as a DISCOUNT RECORD 
STORE, NON-PROFIT FOOD STORE, co-op laundromats, an 
ASUCSD-owned and operated bookstore, and whatever else 
nay be needed by students could be established and run at 
close to cost. In short, the student corporation offers 

(ContiDued on page' ) 

P.ul Kaufm.n -Prelldent .nd Tom C.ryl - Vice President 

Diddo Clark and 
Carmen Nevarez 

We'd like to say that we think Dave Wallace would make an 
outstanding chairman of the Program Board. We appteciate 
the job he 's done bringing us the Friday Night Flicks and we 
think he 's a beautiful human being. 

We believe the Associated Students could better serve us all 
with Mike Duca (a guy full of ideas who works in the Student 
Activities Office I as Commissioner of Academic ACfai rs, Ken 
Carr (a brilliant articulate leader) as Commissioner of 
External Affairs. and J\ian Lopez (activist in the movement to 

Carmen Nevarez Vice - President and Dlddo Clark· President 
make ~ better world for Chicano and for all people I as 
Commissioner of Community Affairs . 

Carmen evarez would be a good Vice-Pre ident becau e 
she 's a hard worker and is easy to be with . he's active in 
MECHA and has helped organize numerous caravan of car 
filled With food to feed striking farm worker . 

Diddo is qualified for the preSidency because she get things 
done. She has experience In college government. campu -WIde 
committees. and UniverSi ty administratIOn Ishe has a 199 in 
the Chancellor'S OHice and is helping to write the "Operating 
Manual For UC 0 ". 

TH IS IS THE HAR UI PROJE T' IDEAS. ACTIVI M. AND 
PO ITlVE PEOPLE. Dave. Mike. Ken. Juan. Carm nand 
Diddo offer their time and energy to the a oClated students of 

CSO. 
Dave. Mike. KC'n. and Juan Will ha ve very real jobs to do in 

their speCifiC areas . Carmen and Diddo are 
"generalist '''-into everything, Our platform is GET OTHER 

'Continued on page 51 

Mike Sheerin - Vice President and Karl Keating - President 

Karl Keating and 
Mike Sheerin 

In lieu of the usual platttudinous platform, some comments 
on sense and nonsense in the current campaign : 

(1) The total amount of salaries disbursed by the AS does, 
indeed, approximate $30,000. For the secretaries alone : 
$13,200. For the eleven Councilmen alone : $4.350. For the 
Councilmen's travel expenses alone : $1 ,500. For the "Coast 
Cruiser" bus driver alone : $1.500. For the TRITON TIMES 
alone : $2,700. And for KSDT, the Communications Board. the 
Program Board, the student ombudsman in Sacramento, and 
several other individuals and groups : no less than $4,400. The 
total : at least $27,650. Add to this all the other little 
expenditures (which are rather difficult to extricate from the 
confUSing files ), and one ends with roughly $30.000. 
Remember : the $30,000 represents about fc" ty pel cent of the 
AS budget of $77 ,000; and all forty per cent goe for salaries. 

(2) In a recent statement Paul Kaufman said that the AS 
salaries totaled only $4.350 : his statement was misleading. The 
$4 ,350 went to the Council members alone. Many other people 
also received salaries. 

(3 1 Diddo Clark insisted that the AS budget was $86.000 last 
year. Amazing. considering that (a I this year's budget was 
only $77,000. (b l UCSD had 700 more undergraduates this year 
than last . and Ie) the rate of taxation-$6 per quarter-has 
rem~ined constant. We suggest that Diddo take an arithmetic 
class. 

(41 Paul Kaufman is very confUSing : worse, he i not well 
versed in legal matters. Example : Paul desires to maintain 
compulsory AS fees . yet he desires to transform the AS into a 
corporation . The rub : the fees cannot be compulsory if the AS 
were a corporation . for no one can be forced to join any such 
business organization. 

( 5 ) Dlddo Clark termed Karl Keating 'S views " racist 
eli tist. " What can one say? One can merely regret that name-
calling has been introduced into the campaign . How ironic that 
in the same issue of the TRITO TIMES, in the same issue in 
which she used the phrase " racist elitist ," Diddo demanded an 
apology from Jim Sills for certain "slanderous statements" 
that Sill su pposedly made. ote : calling someone a racist is 
slanderou . is it not? Smce Dlddo will. we know. abide by the 
ethkal standard ' that she dem3l1ds of others, we shall expect 
to soon read her public apology. For her " landerous 
statements." of course. 

IS) Dave haw. Paul Kaufman. and Diddo Clark have all 
(Continued on page 7) 

Doug Ballis and 
Befh lyons 

Dou~ Ballis and Beth Lyons who submitted no platforms other 
than st.tements th.t they .re botb "non-candid are candidates." 

Tuesd.y, April 23, 1971 Triton Time. Pege 3 



C.,.;ss;oner 0' 
St .... t Welfare 

Fred Fru(hthendler 

Fred Fruebtbeadler for 
Commislloner of Student 
Welfare 

Fred FruchtbeDdler 
Muir JUDlor 

SoclololY Major 

The University community is 
a microcosm with unique 
problems and needs. The 
bureaucracy of the University 
often overlooks the needs of the 
students and the need for a 
commission of student welfare 
arises . Supervision of student 
services. which include Student 
Health Service and the 
bookstore, is part of the 
Commissioner's job. This year 
the new health center is to be 
designed and hopefully the 
commissioner can push for 
development and construction 
of the student center. 

Such special projects as a 
birth control clinic and a 
student disc'O\)nt program with 
local merchants can be 
developed . Ideally. the 
bookstore should seek to buy 
and sell used books and become 
an AS enterpri e enabling it to 
grow with the campus. not the 
UC budget. 

Having been active in the 
Revelle Residence Halls' 
government and sundry store. 
many lood service comm itt~es. 
and a member of the 
Communica tions Board . I ani 
aware of many of the problems 
of resident and commuter 
s tud e nt s . With my 
determination to improve 
conditions lor students and my 
experience I feci that I cun 
improve and develop programs 
for the benelit of the University 
community. 

Mike Roberts 

'\-lIke Roberts 
Commissioner of 
W~lfare 

for 
Student 

Mike Roberts 
Revelle Freshman 

Biology Major 

It has bet'n sU/(l(cs ted that the 
AS I ~ triVial or un important. 
At present. thi s IS untrue The 
amount 01 money di sposed of 
by the AS. on the order of 

$75 .000. is far from trivial. 
tangibly something like 18.000 
stereo records or 500 kilograms 
of dope . I propose that this is a 
government of monstrous 
proportions and that this 
cancerous growth is the result 
of the great flow of money 
extorted out of UCSD students 
in the form of quarterly student 
fees . 

Like any cancer. this growth 
has had numerous bad effects. 
;imong them burgeoning AS 
salaries and the subsidization 
of numerou s questionable 
enterprises. 

1 am confident that the AS 
can operate without forcing the 
students to support it. In other 
words. that government can be 
both just and effective. 
Elections are more than a little 
ridiculous. The way to make 
the AS truly democratic is to 
put the purse strings in the 
hands of the individual students 
where they belong. I would like 
to see a graduated system of 
fees whereby a student can pay 
any amou nt of money from 
zero on up depending on what 
kind of services he is willing to 
pay lor. 
It is on the issue of voluntary 

fees and a just student 
government that I place my 
campaign. 

N-dugu Taboo 

Taboo - Commissioner of 
Student Welfare 

N-dugu Taboo 

Write in your Vote for N-dugu 
TABOO lor ST UDE NT 
WELFARE 

WE EED MORE MONEY 
FOR THE EOP PROGRAM. 

WE NEED FREE PARKING 
ON CAMPUS. 

WE NEED -DUGU TABOO 
FOR STUDENT WELFARE. 

VOTE TABOO THE PEOPLE ' 
CANDIDATES. 

Commissioner of 
External Affairs 

Kevin Olson 

Kevin Olson for Commissioner 
of External Affairs 

Plge 4 Tribln Times TuesdlY, April 23.1971 

KevIa 01I0Il 
ReveDe Sopltomore 

BlaIo&Y Major 
Like most students. 1 feel that 

the present AS government is 
unresponsive to student needs 
and is more or less farcical in 
its methods of operation. 
However. this situa tion is not 
inherently necessary . With the 
acquisition of a professional 
lobbyist for the student 
governments of all UC 
campuses. we have taken a 
significant ste p towards 
acquiring power in our own 
interests. and as Commissioner 
of External Affairs I would try 
to develop this to its fullest 
extent in Sacramento. 

My platform is to lower AS 
salaries tincluding mine I. 
whose present excesses 
constitute a waste of your 
money. and to lobby for student 
power by increasing 
communication between the 
Regents and UCSD. Our 
campus does not need trailer 
parks, shopping centers, or 
fluorescent bicycle ramps: It 
needs to maint~in its present 
high standards of instruction 
and research, We do not need 
candidates who don 't take the 
AS seriously. or those who are 
campaigning for their own 
personal ambition ; we need 
those who are willing to work. 
and to work hard. We. as 
students. have the potential to 
become a cogent and unWed 
force participating in the 
policies that shape our lives. 
As Commissioner of External 
Affairs. I pledge myself to this 
end. 
Ken Carr 

Ken Carr 
Ken ('~rr. a Junior at Third 

College. is a candidate for 
Commissioner of External 
Affairs but has not submitted a 
platform . ~ told the TRITON 
TIMES . however. he is 
primarily concerned with 
problems in financial aid and 
EOI' . 

Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs 

Mike Dum 

, 

[, 
Mike Duca for Commissioner 
of Academic Affairs 

Mike Duca 
Muir Junior 

Special Projects Major 
in Education 

The exercise 01 the duties of 
Academi C Affair s 
Commi SS ioner ha s been 
hampered this year by the 
incumbent 's inability to work 
effcctively with the current 
administration. It is my intent 
to work constructively with 
whomever is elected to 
serve the ~tudents ' needs and 
deSIres . and not my own. 

111 I will have a laculty 
guide printed at no co t to 
students. conSisting of ratlOgs 
gIven faculty members by their 
stud nt . giving information as 
to teaching style. quality of 
lecture . grading. course 
requirements . etc . 

(21 I will attemptlD keep the 
faculty informed of student 
needs and desires as regards 
academic improvement. I will 
cooperate with those 
departments tha tare 
currently working on 
questionnaires to assess these 
needs. so as to get maximal use 
of their expertise and 
resources at a minimal cost to 
students. 

(31 1 am emphatically and 
unreservedly opposed to the 
referendum to make AS fees 
optional . Among items 
depending wholly or in part on 
AS fees : TRITON TIMES. 
KSDT. DIMENSION. THIRD 
WORLD NEWS. Friday , 
Saturday & Sunday night flicks. 
st udent clu bs and 
organizations. and. the every 
elections. 
These issues affect you : for 
your own sake. vote . 

Bob Jackson 

Bob Jackson for CommlliloDer 
of Academic Affairs 

Bob Jackson 
Revelle Junior 
Biology Major 

The expansion . 
overcrowding. and inadequate 
budget of UCSD is presenting 
serious di[ficulties to the 
maintenance of academic 
credibility. which necessitate a 
strong. sincere commissioner 
of academiC affairs . 

Such proposals as drOPPing 
the language requirement . 
unlimited time in which to drop 
a class. and the option of 
switching a class to pass-fail at 
anytime during the quarter 
should be implemented, 
Another of my major programs 
would include increasing the 
student voice in faculty 
selection . There is presently 
too much emphasis placed on 
research ability and too little 
emphasi on the teaching 
ability of faculty members. I 
plan to organize committees 
composed of students from 
each department which will 
meet with the faculties of their 
respective departments to air 
grievances and improve the 
offerings in each academic 
discipline. 

I ha ve been active on a 
committee to improve the 
Revelle Biology major , which 
has instigated change to be 
implemented next year , My 
light course load for next year 
insures thut I will have the 
necessary time to fulfill the 
responsibilities or this post. It 
is my desire to investigate 
thoroughly all proposals. 
implement all . that improve 
academic quality. and remain 
a voil'e of thc students. 

Jim Sills 
JlmSUIs 

Muir Senior 
History Major 

Over the last year . as 
Commissioner of Academic 
Arlairs . I have had a chance to 
see the important poSSibilities, 
as well as the problems of 
student governm nl. I 
attempted to start projects 
leading to the most effective 

Jim Sill. for Commlilioner of 
Academic Affaln 

student representation in 
Academic Senate committees. 
and \0 prepare a student-run 
faculty review guide . 
Unhappily. I was prevented 
from achieving the se 
important goals: in one case 
because of the AS President's 
tendency to appoint his 
personal cronies. in the other, 
because the AS Council refused 
to appropriate the $1,000 I 
needed to print the faculty 
evaluation guide. 

I do not intend to bore with 
the year's frustrations, only to 
indicate the pettiness of the 
prescnt AS government. I 
feel that my molt important 
work this year has been in 
informing the students of the 
cozy little games that go on in 
their student government ; i.e. 
appropriations to Iriends. 
political discrimination. and 
the doubling of officers' 
sa laries in one year. I firmly 
su pport the referendum 
questions that will appear on 
this yea r's election ballot. A 
reduction of salaries and 
voluntary fees will go a long 
way towards important 
reform. 

funds. Nor is student 
government an experience in 
egoililll or showmanship. 

I do not think that some 
contenders for o[(ice will fulfill 
my expectations as outlined 
above as (I feel I a majority of 
the UCSD student body also 
think . Thus I decided to run for 
office myself. Being a native 
of La Jolla . I believe I can best 
serve as a communications link 
to the local community. Thank 
you 

Larry Black for Public 
Rela tlo •• Director 

Larry Black 
Muir Sopbomore 
Pby.lc. Major 

As Commissioner of Public 
Relations. I hope to keep 
students of UCSD informed as 
to the workings of their AS 
government. The student body 
should be continuou sly 
informed of the expenditure of 
AS funds and of council actions 
which are of concern to all of 
us. This would. hopefully. help 
reduce the total apathy that 
exists today with the II' rkings 
of the present Counci I. 

( also believe elected AS 
officers should not receive a 
salary. and the students shou ld 
have the opportunity to decide 

In conclusion, I ask you for 
re-election. So that I may 
com pl e t e the faculty 
evaluation project stymied this 
year. so that I may make your 
wishes known to the Academic 
Senate. so that I may cont inue 
to be your independent voice on 
the AS Council. 

, major issues thro~h frequent 
referenda:' 

Pulllic Rela'ions 
Director 

Chris Korlene 

Chris Karlene for Public 
Relations Director 

Chris Karlene 
Muir JUDlor 

Biology Major 
fee l that the purpose of 

student I',overnment is to 
sponsor and organize major 
student activities and provide a 
direct route for student opinion 
to the ca mpus administration . 
It is a simple task to be 
dispiltched as efficiently. 
cheaply and quietly as po sible. 
It is not to furnish a small 
group of . tudent an 
0Ppol1unity to saturate the 
campus With their opinion 
u 'inl( genera l lacilitles and 

Tom Deits 

Tom Dells for Public Relations 
Director 

Tom Deltl 
Revelle JUDlor 

Chemistry-History 
Double Major 

Students as a group are heard 
from only in times of' crisis, 
when we strike. write letters or 
otherwise react to events we 
feel are significant. Such a 
position is neither the must 
effective nor efficient means 
for u to assert our feelings 
either as individuals or as 
groups within the student 
community. 

Our relalion ~ with the 
community should be positive 
and innovative. in harmony 
with our academic goals of free 
thought and development. To 
facilitate such relations. we 
must develop close and ongoing 
ties with the media who 

(ConUDued OD Plge 5) 

(Continued from PIle 4) 

ultimately filter our efforts to 
the community . 

A fruitfu l approach could be 
to develop regular contacts 
with individuals in the media 
through periodic seminars or 
meetings aimed at developing 
a receptive ear in the media 
Ihat could present a clearer 
picture at those times when our 
community is troubled. 

The media ca nnot present a 
balanced view of students as a 
group unless we present them 
with the oppportunities to gain 
such a view. If we can 
encourage cooperation with the 
media. without sacrificing our 
freedom of ; individual and 
collective expression. our 
community and society will be 
the better. Any questions '! 
Call me. 459-9295 . 

era ig Griffi n 

Cralll Griffin for Public 
Rela tlons Director 

Crall Griffin 
Revelle Freshman 

Biology Major 
I would very much like to see 

a voluntary AS membership. If 
there is just one person who 
does not benefit rrom what the 
AS does. I do not believe that he 
or she should be forced to pay 
for a benefit received by 
others. To me. the individual is 
foremost. What would happen . 
one may ask . to the "free" 
concerts. etc . (that were never 
ca pable of serving the 4.200 
members of the AS I if nobody 
joins? Nothing. since only 10 
per cent of the money for the 
concerts comes from the AS 
itself. 

On providing the students 
with more information I would 
propose a newsletter that would 
inform the students of the 
minutes of the cou ncil 
meetings , the activities of the 
coundl members and where 
their money is being spent. I 
believe the money ror the 
salaries should be· cut and 
returned to the general fund . 

Also I would work on opening 
up more and better lines of 
comm un il'ations bet ween 
students and the council as well 
improvi'ng student/outside 
community understanding. 

Program Board 
Chairman 

Dan Spellens 
DaD Spellell. 

Revelle Jullior 
SocioIo&Y Major 

. Well. Howdy Doody boys and 
glr!s! Here we are running for 
office again. Aren't elections 
fun ! '!! 
DUring this past year as AS 

Program Board Chairman it 
has been my duty to see to it 
that the student l'Oll1munity be 
offered a wide range of quality 
entertainment. Our Friday 

Licks: and May 22-Brewer and 
Shipley. And let us not forget Al 
Cappo Mort Sahl. Sugarcane 
Harris. and. of course. the 
Johnny Otis Show. 

this past year . Dan SpeUens. 
the incumbent. is running on 
his : ~putatlOn . promising to 
bring the same type of 
programming to UCSD next 
year. I h~ ve worked on the 
board all yea r with the Friday 
Nite Flicks and I feel that the 
Board and the programming 
could stand ome changes. 

My incumbent year has given 
me invaluable experience in 
the area of UCSD 
programming. With all of us 
working together. the 
possibilities for next year are 
simply amazing. Let us. then 

Thc basic fault this year has 
been that major programming 
events have been almost 
completely concert-oriented . 
Think of the infin'i t e 
possibilities of other types of 
programming that we could 
have In addition to excellent 
concerts. The idea should be to 
maintain and improve on 
present programming ideas 
(rock concerts. film . Coffee 
Hut. social events I and 
simultaneously attempt to 
exp,md ~nd diversify the 
programming with new and 
hopefully exciting ideas. 

work together . DAN 
SPELLE S FOR AS 
PROGRAM BOARD 
CHAIRMA . 

Dove Wallace 
Dan Spellen. for Program 
Board Chairman 
Ni te Films Committee. chaired 
by Dave Wallace and John 
Casten, has presented the best 
fi lm series ever at UCSD. The 
live entertainment sponsored 
weekly by the Coffee Hut 
Committee. chaired by Marc 
Shore and Charlie Unkless, has 
been consistently well 
accepted. Our Social Events 
Committee . led by AI Hyatt 
and Paul Kantor , ha s held 
many dances and noon concerts 
that have been for the benefit 
of all. 

On May I, last chool year. 

" 

It might be interesting to 
develop an interesting and in 
some sense meaningful lectur 
series next year. This at first 
sounds dull. but imagine the 
possibilities : Norman Mailer? 
Paul Erlich? Huey Newton? 
James Watson? Linus Pauling? 
George McGovern ? 

Santana played a concert in our - ----------

Thc effort in programming 
should be to provide ideas and 
entertainment in an attempt to 
reach and interest every 
student at UCSD. These ideas 
[or events can come from the 
Program Board or from 
outside the Board .. Jrom you 
people. This year people have 
been greatly di scouraged in 
their efforts to bring idea to 
the board chairman. I hope to 
change that. I can. with your 
help and support. 

gym. On May 3. two days after 
that concert. Chancellor 
McGill announced that there 
would never again be a major 
concert at UCSD. Just to 
refr esh your memor y : 

Dave Wallace for Program 
Board Chairman 

September 29-Seals and Croft ; 
October IS·Leon Russell. Hot 
Tuna. and Pink Floyd ; 

Dave Wallace 
Revelle Sophomore 

Biology Major 

ovember 21-80z Scaggs: 
February 27-John Sebastian ; 
and coming April 24-Herbie 
Han(.'ock : May I·Jesse Davis 
and Dan Hicks and His Hot 

The choice that people will 
make in this election with 
respect to Program Chairman 
is whether or not they feel 
completely atisned with the 
programming and events of 

Referendum on AS Fees 
Pro - Jim Sills 

Commissioner of Academic Affa irs 

In this election. you will have a chance to vote 
on a most important question ; voluntary 
membership in the Associated Students. If this 
question is passed, each student will have the 
right to c~oose whether he wishes to belong to 
the ASSOCiated StUdents. Presently. there is no 
choice, each student must belong, and must pay 
$6 per quarter to the AS. 

As a member of the AS Council this year, I've 
had an opportunity to see what happens to the 
SIX dollars each undergraduate is required to 
surrender to the AS each quarter. It has been a 
soberi ng experience. 

Money is wasted on excessive salaries. 
"travel expenses" used to attend drunken blow-
outs. and various other pet projects designed to 
please the little gang of malingerer and crooks 
who have controlled the various organs of the 
AS over the past few years. 

"OK . Sills, why don 't you do something about 
it? " All right. I have. Karl Keating and I are 
circulating petitions to put a very special 
question on the upcoming general election 
ballot. This question would ask students 
whether AS fees should remain compUlsory. or 
if the payment of such fees should be voluntary. 
In other words. should the individual determine 
for himself whether the AS is worthy of his 
continued support. not to mention his $6 a 
quarter? 

It seems fairly clear tha t most students would 
support this right of individual choice. 
Therefore. however. you can expect the 
masters and retainers of the Associated 
Students to trot out a number of lies , There are. 
after all . interests to protect. A certain campus 
newspaper (initials : 'IT ) received about $7.000 
from AS this year. a certain radio station 
several thousand other dollars , Should the 
students have a chance to choose for 
themselves. AS income might plummet, and 
with it the amount appropriated to certain 
organizations. 

Certain little lies will thus be employed to 
confuse the electorate into voting against their 
own liberties. The most likely lie to be 
employed is : "If fees are voluntary then there 
won 't be any more dances or concerts." Now, as 
a matter of fact. the AS currently provides only 
15 per cent of the income of tile Campus-wide 
Programming Board. The other ~ per cent 
comes from the Regents or from registration 
fees . 

Such little arguments . of course. miss the real 

point. If th~ AS government. through the ticket 
dIscounts It prOVides (and other benefits ) is 
really worthwhile. then lots of students will 
choose to pay the $6 a quarter voluntarily . When 
the opponents of voluntary AS fees say the AS 
government will collapse without compulsory 
fees , they are themselves delivering the most 
devastating indictment of the AS. They are 

s~ying. that the only way AS can get any 
finanCIal support is to coerce it away from its 
constituents. They are saying that, left to their 
own . the students would abandon the AS 
government. 

Con - Mike 'Heavy' Palcic 
AS President 

The proposed constitutional amendment that 
eliminates mandatory membership in AS and 
mandatory payment of AS fees would have the 
effect of eliminating a vital resource for student 
projects and activities. 

With finanCing solely from AS fees all over 
the slate the Student Legislative program was 
able to get off the ground this year. 
Recruitment programs run by BSU and 
MECHA to locate more minority students to 
attend the University were supported by AS 
fees . The mandatory fee seeded the 
development of AS projects such as the Coffee 
Hut Expansion ana the Coast Cruiser. Many 
other student groups depend on A.S. fees to help 
carry out their work : UNA. ASA. Food Co-op, 
WLF. Rites of Spring, are a few examples. 

AS funds have also been used to enhance the 
educational experience al the University 
through funding of the ISSUES NOW last fall. 
. All of this is on top of substantial expenditures 
In the areas of students communications media 
and programming. Also, the AS offices get a~ 
average stipend of about $30-40 per month- BIG 
DEAL. 

The point is that the mandatory fee supports a 
broad range of student endeavor and 
eliminating that source would simply bring a 
halt to all activities or the portions of those 
activities supported by the fee . Moreover in 
many instances the student fee supports 
programs that could not be funded through 
other sources, beginning work in new areas of 
University students' concern. 

Finally, this money could not be replaced 
from other sources in the immediate future 
While a self-supporting AS with voluntary fee~ 
might be a viable lonl term solution to ' 
financinl the AS, it would not meet the 
immediate need for this resource. 

Commissioner of 
Communi,y Service 

Ross Farley 
Muir Freshman 

Economics Major 
As a write-in ca ndidate for 

co mmuni ty se r vice 
commissioner. J, Ross Farley. 
feel that although I have held 
posit ions of responsibili ty in 
the past. none of these position 
are releva nt enough to the 
posit ion I am now seeking to be 
labelled as "qualifications " 
Each new posit ion is a unique 
experience with diffe rent 
r e qu i r e me nts a nd 
organizational structure. The 
basic qualification that I can 
relate to th e off ice of 
community service is my 
interest and concern for the 
people thi office involves. I 
feel thai this interest and 
concern should be a part of all 
candidates for office. 

The ba ic services which I 
hope to establish for the 
co mmunity are : I) a n 
investigation into the heal th 
conditions in Southeast San 
Diego: 2 ) volunteer student 
services in the Headstart 
program : 3) a completed 
summ e r ca mp for 
und erprivil eged chil dr en 
(wh ich is st i l l und e r 
constru ction ); 4 ) more 
community participation in 
campus wide activilies so that 
there could be better profit and 
lower student fees: 5) a larger 
community interaction project 
which would bring the school 
closer to the community by 
having volunteer students go 
into _the community and doing 
away with misconceptions of 
the University. 

UCSD has the potential to 
help get certain programs on 

Clark ... 

the road. But so far UCSD has 
collectively sat on its "rear 
end " and let everything pass 
by. If elected. I would try to 
help relieve UCSD of its 
" White Man's Burden." But 
~ince I am a write-in candidate, 
It can only be done with the 
help of concerned students. 

Juan Lopez 

Juan Lopez for Commissioner 
of Communltv Service 

Juan Lopez 
Muir Junior 

Latin American 
History Major 

As commissione r of 
community service I would 
concentrate o n the 
development of projects and 
programs which would bring 
the local communities into a 
more meaningful interplay 
with the University. In the 
past. most students at UCSD 
have been too "involved" with 
only their academic studies 
rather than integrating them 
with community studies. With 
the development of a n 
intellectual mind there must 
also be the development of 
community awareness. 

This awareness must come in 
the form of utilization of the 
student's talents in seeking to 
bring changes in our present 
structure which discriminates 
against those who socially and 
economica lly are unable to 
compete with those who fa'/o r 
" ma t erialism" over 
"humani m." Our ch~nce to 
develop a better working 
relationship between local 
communitles and UCSD can be 
done through student projects 
which are developed and 
coordinated by the students . 
My job will be to encGurage and 
assist tho e students who have 
realized that there is a need for 
commun ity involve ment. 
Remember to vote with the 
HARUI PROJECT. 

(Continued from page 3) 

S1' DE 'TS· IDEAS CARRIED OUT. 
EI~en of these ideas we have been work ing on or are 

planning are :. II I get a dec~nt food ervlce on campus I we have 
participated In the commIttees that are setting up a grocery 
store at MUIr. real meals at Muir and Third . and better food at 
Revelle I: ( 2 ) make more jobs available to students (when 
there is a job opening on campus. students should get 
preference over non-students I : (3 I have all textbooks available 
?n reserve in the library : (4 I get more registration fee money 
Into . student hands I work for more student members on the 
RegIstratIOn Fee Committee :. tell stude~ts how to apply for reg 
fee money and help them get Ill ; (51 build trailer facilillesand 
camp-grounds in the eucalyptus groves ; lSI get peer academic 
counselors : (7 I set up more rap groups to help students develop 
more and d.lfferent Interpersonal relations ; (8 ) improve the 
Health Service Iget some young doctors and more hours from 
the gynecologi tJ ; (9 1 build the student center (music rooms 
game rooms. radio sta tion, newspaper offices. etc. etc.): flO ; 
make more ty~writers avail<. ble to students 24 hours a day ; 
and III I keep hbrarles open .lll night the last two weeks of 
school. 

We 're open to ideas. We see ourselves as being around to help 
other students get done what they want done. Th AS Pre ident 

an~ . vice-president sllollill lifo ~.. r..,j_t l'" '" It 1'1' nd 
faCIlitator of bureaucracy. 

W~ can do t~e job a.s well a anyone around. Every AS 
preSIdent and vice-president so far have been Re~'~lIe guys. 
WE CALL ON ALL STUDENTS (Revelle people. can yOil (lilt 
UCSD ahead of Revelle? I TO VOTE IN DlFFERE iT KINDS 
OF PEOPLE. 

T ..... y,ApriI23. 1.71 TritonTi".. ..... 5 



Buckley Slated for nstruction Underway on 
University Extension Facility lecture Monday 

Mark Silge' 
Slaff Writer 

Construction began April 19 on a new building 
for the University Extension that will house 
vitally needed work, storage and classroom 
space, this while state budget cutbacks have 
curtailed most new construction. 

When asked how this project is being funded , 
John Stark, Administrative Services Officer, 
explained that for several years the Extension 
has been able to operate under its funds 
gathered from the general operation fees. 

A year ago, the Extension decided that it 
should use these funds to construct a new 
building. With a staff of over 40 the present 
facility. built in 1966. is now bursting at the 
seams. Offices serve as storage rooms, and the 
central reception area is often so crowded and 
noisy it is impossible to carryon a normal 
conversation. There is not even enough room 
available for a collection of the textbooks being 
used in this quarter's courses. 

The Extension, Stark said. would welcome 
volunteers to help in ma ny parts of their 
operation. Those interested may contact the 
University of California Extension, Box 109, or 
453-2000, extension 2061. 

Sacramento Lobby ••• 
I Continued from page I) 

The fact-finding investigation began at 
University Hall, Berkeley, the headquarters for 
statewide UC administration. Twohy found that 
there were no comprehensive figures on how 
many students apply for EOP. how many are 
eligible, and how many of these have to be 
turned away for lack of funds . Twohy 
discovered that the $1.5 million the University 
asked from the state for EOP was an arbitrary 
request, based on accidental factors, like a "16 
per cent growth rate ." 
"Either UC lacks a commitment to EOP," he 

concluded, "or they have grossly mismanaged 
it out of pure incompetence." 

Twohy also found out that the $8 million 
already spent on EOP does not include any state 
appropriation. Much of it comes from special 
Regen ts' revenue, like overhead on the Atomic 
Energy Commission research at Livermore and 
Los Alamos, and almost $3 million comes from 
UC students at some campuses who have voted 
to tax themselves to support EOP. 

Owen Joyner 
Associate City Ed;tor 

William F. Buckley Jr., 
prince darling of the 
conservative movement in 
America will be at UCSD 
Monday night. The multi-
talented political personality is 
scheduled to lead a panel 
discussion with three other 
conserva ti ve thinkers on 
" Revolution , Reform and 
Conscience" at 8:30 p.m. in the 
Gym . The program is 
sponsored by DIMENSION 
with financial help from 
Campus Studies Institute. 

Tuesday the three other 
panelists, M. Stanton Evans. 
Jeffrey Hart and Ernest van 
den Haag, will each direct 
three one-hour seminar classes 
on campus. A wrap-up panel 
discussion with the three will 
take place in the gym at 8 p.m. 
that evening. 

Buckley, called "one of the 
most intelligent men in the 
country" by some and branded 
a "crypto-Nazi" by others has 
been on the national political 

scene since he founded the 
Nadoul Review in 1955 and 
has written prolifically on 
conservatism since then. His 
thrice-weekly political column 
appears in more than 300 
newspapers. 

Buckley ran a semi-serious 
campaign for Mayor of New 
York in 1965, bringing much 
attention to his candidacy with 
colorful comments like " If 
elected ] will demand a 
recour.t," He lost the election 
but was given his own TV show, 
Firing Line. on which he has 
matched wits with such 
"champions" in American 
rhetoric as George Wallace, 
Jane Fonda , Michael 
Harrington and many others. 

Among the other panelists to 
appear Monday night, Evans is 
editor of the Indianapolis 
News. His books include Tbe 
Liberal EstablisilmeDt. Revolt 
o. the Campus, The Politics of 
Surreader. The Future 01 
Couservatism. 

Dr . Hart , an English 
professor at Dartmouth, is 
formerly a speech writer and 

William F. Buckley 

political consultant to 
Governor Ronald Reagan and 
President Nixon. He is a senior 
editor o( National Review. 

Dr. van den Haag is 
professor of social philosophy 
at New York University, as 
well as lecturer in psychology 
and sociology at the New 
School (or Social Research. His 
writings have appeared in 
numerous scholarly journals, 
as well as such popular 
magazines as Harper s, 
National Review and Esquire. 

The new facility . designed by Lloyd Koenig 
and Campus, Architect Jack Rule, will closely 
resemble the present Extension building. Using 
the same warm styling with an abundance of 
wood, the two-story building will house work 
and storage rooms. restrooms and a large 
classroom on the first floor. and a central 
reception area surrounded by offices on the 
second floor . The total floor space will be 3000 
sq. ft. The present building has 3600 sq. flo The 
highlight of the new building is the large 
classroom area. Free of any fixed structures, it 
can be partitioned in any way and can hold 
almost any type of furniture . This will be used 
for many of the courses that often defy the 
rigidity of normal classrooms. 

To redress this failure of the state to finance 
EOP. Twohy collected figures from around the 
UC system and put together a statement that 
includes an estimation of eligible applicants to 
EOP that are turned away for lack of money. ]n 
his 10-page brief for the bill , Twohy explains 
that only academic ability , and not financial 
ability to pay, should be a factor in who is 
admitted to U C 

Ballis Interview .. . 

The total cost of construction is $54.000. The 
new addition, to be located just west of the 
present Extension building on Matthews 
Campus, is expected to be completed in 100 
days. The Extension is averaging a 15 per cent 
increase in its enrollment each year. ]n the four 
quarters of the 1970-71 school year, more than 
26,000 people are expected to participate in 
Extension courses offered at UCSD, according 
to Stark. With this increase will come added 
classes, programming, paperwork , and a need 
for more space. The two buildings on Matthews 
Campus will house Extension Facilities 
indefinitely, as the land is not involved in 
present plans for permanent UCSD buildings. 

Twohy knows that the legislature has voted 
expenditures for EOP in the past, but that each 
time, Reagan has vetoed them. "In 26 years," 
he said, "no California legislature has 
overridden a governor's veto. " 

Twohy concludes that students must organize 
themselves in support of this bill so that if 
Reagan does feel compelled to veto part of the 
$6 million that the legislature will hopefully 
appropriate , the governor will at least let some 
of it go through. " Even if we only get one or two 
million in the end, " said Twohy, " it will be 
worth it for t,he students that it helps." 

--_._ ............ . 

~J ~I7?t1i"~t~ 
2S( BEER 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

reu .... It _ '" 
HnlUCII , thlrapeutic 

WATERBEDS 

entertainment 
nightly 

PAYS DONORS 
lo( services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

V,\9 ~ #0" ~ ,\O~ ~ .'I>I"(J 
AIR FRAME 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
....t_t, I •• " .. 51 .. , 

The Waterhole Silverado & Fay 
La Jolla 233-8328 ""'.. 4212 110-261' II Cej ......... 

~'-~~M-__ ~ 

IContinued Irom page 1) 
shit, you should vote for the 
individual. That's what I was 
getting around to before, that 
it's not the institution of the AS 
that needs change or anything, 
but it's the people, the students 
and the people in the AS. 

Now there's six candidates . 
Three of them are 
running-they're sticking to 
the issues like the AS needs 
change and the AS needs this or 
that and I'm going to help the 
AS do this . And there's three 
other candidates which you've 
mentioned already, Shaw. 
Ritter , and me that are saying 
that it 's not the institutions that 
need change but it's the 
students themselves that have 
to get out of their ruts as being 
students, their ruts as being 
middle class or' whatever 
they're into. And they 're just 
sitting around and they allow 
the politicians to play this 
game as it's accepted, that, the 
way he's going to get elected is 
that he 's trying to bullshit 
everybody with a lot of phony 
issues and they accept this. 

And then a few people like 

SATURDAY 
APRIL 24th 

IN THE GYM 

SATURDAY NIGHT FILMS 
INGMAR BERGMAN'S 

WILD STRAWBERRIES 
"HERBIE 

HANCOCK" 
TICKETS $2.00 UCSD STUDENTS 

$3.00 OTHERS 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT 

THE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

PRESENTED BY 'I'HE 
PROGRAM BOARD AND THE 

FINANCIAL AIDS OFFICE 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1971 

AND 
ROMAN POLANSKI'S 

KNIFE IN THE WATER 

USB 2722 7:30/10:30 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT 

THE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 
AND AT THE DOOR 

James Clayton come around 
saying, you know there's 
something really bad about 
that. We should vote for what 
the person thinks, not what he 
says. And Clayton says the way 
we can do this is to vote for 
people we know. But I'm 
saying the way we can do this is 
by having the candidates cut 
the shit and tell the students 
what they really think , not 
make up these phony issues and 
say [ '11 do this. ( ' II do that. But 
what they really think about 
the AS and what they think 
about the University. 
TT: You think that's desirable? 
Rallis: Yes I do. 
TT: Why ? 
Ballis : OK. If you don 't start 
showing people that this is the 
way politicians use you or this 
is the way the whole set-up of 
politicians run the election, 
you're going t9 have the same 
thing with Nixon and 
Humphrey, you know . This is 

what they're doing with the 
people at large . 

The candidates are doing this 
with the so·called leaders of 
the world tomorrow, bu t just 
think what the real politicians 
are doing with the people they 
think are the ignorant masses. 
They're just putting so much 
bullshit across and the people 
just swallow it up . 

You see Tunney with his shirt 
sleeves rolled up because he 
creates the image of "a fighter 
in your corner." And what does 
he win by? He wins by a fighter 
in your corner or somebody. 
You know things like that are 
really stupid. 
TT: So you feel it's necessary 
to destroy candidates' political 
images? 
Ballis: Right . I am a candidate 
who 's opposed to candidates. 
TT: Uh-huh. So, how do you 
plan to do this? 
Ballls : I talk to people. 

Everybody's Fault 
Geology students at ue Santa Cruz who discovered three new 

faults on their campus were given the traditional honor of 
naming them. 

Consequently on the US Geodetic Survey maps from now on 
the three new faults will be known as "My Fault," "Your 
Fault" and "McHenry 's Fault." named for UCSC Chancellor 
Dean McHenry. 

Relin" r Cl'Juln e.u 
p, .vcho/OK'" b,com ill~ 
iuu(,l . phiIOJoph ." 
(hi /dr.n ·, lwok. 
ficlion, pOf!lr~' 
d./iKht 
joy 

New ... com e and 

EAR'H.SONG 
BOOI( STORE 

1 .... 0 Camino del Mar 

U . . & ForeiKR 
p.p~rb.cI .. 
mn&t1:.:ines 

po.ter. 
record, 

corth 

Kaufman ••• 
ICoIU •• ed from page 3) 

considerable possibilities for combating student economic 
exploitation. 

1%) EST ABLISH THE POSITION OF .. ASUCSD 
ADMINISTRATIVE REPRESENTATIVE" TO MINIMIZE 
THE DISADVANTAGE WHICH THE STUDENT NOW 
SUFFERS WITHIN THE UN]VERSITY BUREAUCRACY. 
The administrator has always enjoyed two advantages over the 
student: first, the administration is an on-going structure and 
second. the administrator spends full time on the job. ]n 
contrast, students are limited in the amount of time they can 
spend in committee meetings Simply because they have 
classwork to do. leave campus during summer and quarter 
breaks, and undergo a continuous and rapid turnover which 
prevents their accumulating experience. Thus, students all too 
often miss th~ir opportunity to influence those decision-making 
processes which directly Involve them . To minimize this, we 
would like to create the permanent position of Administrative 
Representative. This person, a full-time employee of the 
ASUCSD, would be able to assist students with ideas and give 
the AS some continuity, 

(3) USE AS MONEY TO PUT ON A BIG-NAME CONCERT 
IN THE SPORTS ARENA WITH PROFITS TO BE SPENT ON 
M~RE STUDENT SERVICES. Financed out of the AS budget, 
thiS venture should return a substantia I income over and above 
the cost of the production (which can then be allocated for 
student needs ). Additionally. the AS could sell tickets at a 

THIS WEEKEND 
AT THE COFFEE HUT 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 

WHIZZ BANG 
9-12 PM 

discount to UCSD students. 
14) WORK TO DRAW UP A LEGAL CONTRACT 

BETWEEN THE REGENTS. AND THE INDIVIDUAL 
STUDENT STIPULATING WHAT THE OBLIGATIONS AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES ARE OF THE REGENTS 
ADMINISTRATION AND FACULTY TO THE STUDENT. Th~ 
val.ue of the contract is that any differences between 
Umverslty and students become differences of law, and the 
students can seek redress against the Uni versity in the courts. 

IS) EXPAND THE LEGISLATIVE ADVOCACY PROGRAM 
ITHE UC-WIDE "STUDENT LOBBY") . This will enable us to 
draft our own bills for such things as increasing scholarship 
money (and perhaps even obtaining permission to sell 
alcoholic beverages on campus). 

16) OPEN BLACK'S BEACH TO STUDENTS. 
m EXPEDITE CONSTRUCTION OF THE STUDE T 

CENTER. Sufficient monies have been collected to start work 
immediately ; only the Planned Program Guide remains to be 
finished before building can begin. We intend to involve as 
many students as possible in the planning and design of the 
student nion complex. 

18) IMPROVE COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE AS 
AND THE STUDENT BODY AND EXPAND PUBLIC 
RELATIONS BETWEEN THE GENERAL STUDENT BODY 
AND THE COMMUNITY, ESPECIALLY THROUGH USE OF 
THE MEDIA. 

19) SUPPORT AND FUND AN ON-GOING "SUBSID]ARY" 
OF THE FUSD (LOCATED ON CAMPUS) TO PURSUE 
EDUCATIONAL REFORM. The Free U. should do more than 
offer courses in sandal-making ; it should be an actual 
workshop in which to explore better ways to learn (and teach ). 

(10) OBTAIN "STUDENT DISCOUNTS" AT BUSINESSES 
THAT TRADE IN ITEMS FOR WHICH THERE IS A LARGE 
STUDENT MARKET. 

If 
you or. hlttr.stH i. IMt.r ,yd., 

WI ...4 • ,...,." ,.p. 
,OW, ,1M, eM ... pie •• q .. l. b ... ~ 

... ~ •• fjlsl .. r ... 
No phone (ails 

Stop in and see John 

?AC)r~C 
YAMAHA 

Stop In .,,11 holp U. CIlo""I'. 75 YII,. In .... Soml Leeollon. ,"",,~olrlwln. CollI ... ",. Tumwo'I'. Wash .... 4:30 IVII111o, .• Oly'e ' 

Keating .•• 
IContinued from page 3) 

accused us of "manufacturing" issues. Nonsense, and they 
know it. We have merely been emphasizing what we consider 
to be the major issues (voluntary fees , reduced salaries, 
decentralization ). While we have been di cussing these issues, 
the other candidates have by and large ignored them by 
terming them "non-issues," 
(71 More than 900 undergraduates signed the petition which 

put on the ballot the question : Should the AS fees be voluntarily 
or manditorily paid? And several hundred students signed the 
petition which put on the ballot the question : Should the AS 
Council's salaries be reduced by at least half? These figures 
indicate that one-quarter of the students (and probably many 
more ) do not consider these proposals to be " non·issues. " 

(81 Karl Keating and Mike Sheerin initiated the drive to put 
these questions on the ballot. and in response to Keating and 
Sheerin the other candidates breathed fire and brimstone. 
What we two accomplished was the organization of a campaign 
based not on personalities, but on issues. And for UCSD this 
was truly a "first. " 

PERTI IS SCANDINAVIAN 
HE MAKES 
PORNOGRAPHIC 

MOVIES. 
• SOMETIMES HE GETS ( ~;;TS 

J OF 
ci' \ A K"'\1 lEN 
-, - "" V V\..AV\ • 

& ".111111 
_ 

..... _ .... _ ...... ___ -jFDrE ARTS 
W .. ~l $TOEfl ' N....,., 

ALLSU WANHD TO KNOW ABOUT LIFE ... 
AND WASN'T AFRAID TO TRY! 

DEL/C.IOUS "N \) nmc.1 
C)ECONO r:E~TURE fOR &f1..oWN- vPS ONLY ! I. 

"SANDS OF 
ECSTASY" 

Tuesday, April2l, 1971 Triton Time. PaO.7 



triton tiDles 
University of California, San Diego 

La Joll., California 92037 
(7141 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials e •. pressed below or. arproved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
upressed on thIS page are those a the authors whose names appear in lhe bylines, and do not 
necessarily ,,'Iecl the views of lhe TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring 10 submit mal.rial to be published in 
this section should send it to the Editorial Oire<lor. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blake Hall. UCSO. 

March on S.F. 
Tomorrow is the April 24 San 

Francisco anti -war march, sponsored 
by the Peace Action Coalition . It is a 
Western focal point for a number of 
this month's peace activities, which 
will culminate with the May 5 
Moratorium Day , the first 
ann iversary of the Kent State 
massacre. 

The march in San Francisco is 
attracting a · wider range of 
participants than ever before, with 
contingents from labor organizations, 
women 's groups, G I units, and even 
elected officials. But there is a st ill 
larger group of " veteran" protesters 
who are disillusioned about marching 
in yet one more demonstration, and 
who are cyn i cal about the 
effectiveness of non-violent or of even 
violent methods to force an end to the 
war . 

Yet these are the very people who 
should go to San Franc isco and attend 
the loca l demonstrat ions. They will 
give a more seasoned tone to the 
march, and prevent over-opt imistic 
euphor ia from unduly raising the 
hopes of the newer participants. If the 
asp i rat i ons of tomorrow ' s 
demonstrators are realistiC, the 
march may serve several useful 
purposes. 

F i rst, and perhaps mos t 
important ly, a large turnout at San 
Francisco (and at Washington) will 
prove to the nation, to the government, 
and to the marchers themselves, that 
the peace movement is still alive. It 
will show that the movement does not 

abide with Nixonian "winding down" 
policy, that it is not simply a reaction-
or iented group of students on a Spring 
lark, that it is not preCisely anti-war, 
but more accurately, pro-peace. 

Second, a demonstration will 
re inforce the efforts of those timid, 
Johnny-come-lately Democratic 
preSidential candidates and 
congressmen to reassert their 
constitutiona I authority over the war-
making powers of this country. 

Thirdly, the Peace Action 
Coalition's activities can provide a 
new rallying point for the movement 
as a whole, from which it can once 
again serve as a vital polit ical and 
educational force. . 

1971 is not 1968 - too many events 
have come between, too many people 
have died. Those who are opposed to 
th is disgraceful Indochina war must 
return to the struggle in order to end it 
through sustained act ion, not 
occasional reaction . Participating 
tomorrow at San Franc isco is a first 
step towards r~newed effort and a 
reunited opposition that can be 
effective on a number of fronts. 

Locally, the SMC Moratorium Day 
march against the Naval Electronics 
Laboratory can be San Diego's part in 
the larger effort _ The decade-long war 
in I ndochina has out-worn its friends 
and enemies alike-it will not be ended 
by disillus ion and cynicism, but only 
through organized and unceasing 
action, which beg ins with, and is 
trained through demonstrations li ke 
tomorrow's march. 

A Second Term? 
This year in the AS elections we 

have the phenomenon of two persons 
running for a second term in the same 
off ice. We feel that th is i s not in 
keeping with the spirit and intent of 
student government. Student 
government shou ld be an affair where 
a large number of students 
part iCipate. We think that it is 
perfectly logical that one office in 
student government serve as the 
tra ining ground for another, but we 
can see no value in an individual 
repeat ing in the same office for a 
second yea r _ 

If there were no qualified candidates 
running for the offices concerned, then 

triton 

there might be a reason for a 
cont inuation of the incumbent. But, 
this is not the case. Both offices are 
being contested by qualified students 
with exper ience in the areas 
concerned . 

Pol icy prevents us from endorsing 
AS candidates and we don't intend to 
do so . However, there are incumbent 
candidates for the offices of Program 
Board Cha irman and Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs_ We don't know the 
reason why these persons are seeking 
a second term, but we feel that in no 
way do the facts justify their actions. 

We hope students will take our views 
into consideration when voting. 

tiIlles 
News Dep' 
Ed Boyle 

Con'ribulOrl 
Jim Stlls 

Pho,og,aphy 
JDn Fronek 

Edilor. in-Chirf .. lI a, " ooll(; arnnwll Rose Oe~05lo 
_ . . (. I \ . I Bobble Fink Cil, F." Ilur . . . . . . .. .i\.r l'1 III q!/"r Jeff Graham 
~lana!l: nil t.dllur .. .... \1 jI..,. Idaq'r Robert Mille, 
r •. d' ('I . ~ C" . I : OeD"I. ,,",unlgomery .op~ . Ilor . - . . . .. - lilt J r' ~~. l ~ 1111 Fronk Phillips 

Hus lnl" ~ -'lanal/t·r . . . . . .. ,. I ~ rl,'1 Cliff Pos' 
Ediltlr allJirt'c-hlr .. Hallul CO llln' ra> Mark Siog.1 
• . (.. •. I ' () J Barboro Simon 
." SSOtllltC- .11,· . ( Ilur . . . ",'1 O~ nn John lolle, 

\1!l11 ~ !'il' " in 
Art. E.lilOr ... - ..... l\'rr ~ Ilara~ ~~~sMcK.nna 
Sporls Edilor _ ... - .. I!()t · ~ ~ " aHon Allan Stkulo 
Pholo/traph,· Ed illlr .. _ .Matt Hinton Georg. SOlani 

Arts Deportment 
Tom Beer 
Joy G,lIe"e 
lorry John50n 
Sa'gun Toni 
ken lornes 

Adv.rtiling 
Depa,'menl 
Morl!: Trill ing 
Suson Cod., 
Molly Stl';n 
Secrfloriol SloH 

Corne Rickey Sttvi Cohen 
She ila Colhoun 

A .. ·, Managing Ed. Cepy O.parlmenl 
Joe Eostern Comy Shorick Debbi. Montgome,y 

Gleno 5<hro.l., 
'roduction 
00" Buchbinder 

s,.". Writer 
Mik. Rotil 

The nITOH TIMES " offi<ialty ,ttogniltd and supparttd as a ,'udtnt n ... spoper by Ih. Communicolions 8aard 
of III. U .... , .. ty o' CoMo,nia. Son DI.go. "'ilding 2~. Monh .... s Compus. ta Jo(la. Coli'o,n,o 91037. 'ubl,calion 
is ""ie. weekly on T",sdoys ond f, idoys. 001(" art located ,n ,oom 117 • • Iok. Hall. on the •••• n. Campus. fa, 
Ad .. ,t isin; phon. 453 ·2000 . XlOI7 , '0 ' td itorialorn.wsphon.XIOl6. 

Pege 8 Triton Times Tuftd.,. April 23, 1.71 

AS Salaries 
Sleven Griffin 

Money-that simple. five- letter word 
represents the complex mechanism on which all 
modern society is based. Money provides a 
system of economic valuation. Idea lly. the 
dollar bill serves as an economic indicator 
representing the value of the services rendered , 
on a conveniently standardized scale. 

Locally, there has been a lot of gibberish over 
the aggregate remuneration of the officers in 
the organization, which collectively (like it or 
not!' represents the entire student body at 
UCSD : the AS. An example might be . AS 
negotia tions with the local su permarkets over 
the possibility of student discounts in return for 
the "guaranteed" student volume. Any possible 
student "power" is necessarily going to be a 
collective effort ; the A.S organization would be 
the commune. 

"Superficially Suspicious" 

Recently, the officers of the Associated 
Students voted themselves sa lary increases out 
of the student body fund . which is superficially 
suspicious. It is my understanding that the 
president of the AS receives $900 presently. 
There is an absurd clamor to reduce. yes. 
REDUCE this salary. 

The president. the " innovator," the student 
speaker for the commune is paid $900 annually ; 
there are several people trying to reduce thi s! 
The person is paid $900. who represents several 
thousand people and who spends several 
thousand dollars through the AS council he ' 
controls. A corporate would expect a salary 
exceeding $100.000 in a company th'lt size. 

Obviously, we can 't compete economically (l 
don 't mean to even infer we might want to ). 
But, is our AS president less important? Excuse 
me. that is an atrocious theoretical error. But. 
SHOULD our AS presidency be a less 
responsible or less important position? 

" It Is Very Possible ... " 
It is very possible that one truly creative AS 

president could gea r up the Community 
Interaction Program to a point whereby the 
local reactionary political fears of the populace 
could be reversed. It is very possible that one 
truly creative AS president could create or 
discover viable al ternatives to the quarterly 

MDRap 

tribulations at the bookstore. It is very possible 
tha t one truly creative AS president could 
\ indirectly- through external funding ) expand 
the Coffee Hut into a major student center. An 
excellent president might start a grocery store 
on campus (hopefully without J . Lapetina 's 
accountants) , run a deficit free transportation 
service, or affect the local academics even 
more fa vorably. 

My point is that the AS governmental 
structure, particularly the presidency, has a 
tremendous potential only infrequently 
dreamed about (could that possibly be due to 
inept AS officers? ) I The students at this 
University need a couple of tremendous 
presidents to realize some true power progress. 
Cutting the salaries of the AS officers is NOT 
the way to discover the leaders we need so 
badly. Cutting the salaries is not goi ng to cure 
our ill-fated beaucracy by allowing only 
bourgeois WASP 's to serve. 

As it works now, the AS president must study 
like hell , commit himself diligently (hopefully ) 
to AS affairs, and chase dollar bills to survive. 
Time is the essence of the problem. NO student 
has the time to administer the AS affairs 
properly, chase greenbacks, study, and live. 

A Superhuman President 

We need an excellent president. No. we need a 
super human president to run our 
minigovernment. It is my contention that we 
will not find an energetic, successful AS council 
without eliminati ng their financial problems 
(loans might be a viable alternative ). Salary 
reduction would compound the present 
difficulties of our commune. 

r beseech you voters to see beyond the 
mediocrity of our present AS organization. 
Wholeheartedly. I admit that a government 
which fears referendums is bad . A government, 
which votes itself salaries contingent upon 
attendance. is embarassingly recognizing the 
apparent fact that some present AS officers 
would shirk their duties . Why might 
conscientiously motivated officers even 
consider the contingency? 

The AS government is bad. Don' t make it 
worse by reducing the AS sa laries. 

Do Not Fold~ Spindle or Mutilate 
V. Robert All~n, MD 

... So you go ahead and call this big guy a 
crook and he belts you one in the chops. As you 
get up [rom the dust you discover : (l J you have 
suffered a loss of digni ty ; (2) your big mouth is 
rapidly developing a fat lip; (3) you're in PAIN. 
baby. Query : what do you do? (Oh, I forgot to 
tell you-you 're in Tanzania for the summer, 
and your local , friendly Student Health Service 
is only 12.256 miles away. 

Life being what it is. we all suffer bruises. 
charley horses, and assorted sprains, strains, 
and spasms from time to time. We see a lot of 
them at the Student Health Center. but maybe it 
would be helpful for you to know how they are 
treated and why. just in case you can 't get to us 
right away the next time. 

A bruise. or contusion is the result of part of 
your anatomy coming into sudden contact with 
a hard object, i.e., shin with coffee table. eye 
with fist . or rump with pavement. Bleeding 
occurs under the intact skin. and you quickly 
experience pain and swelling or a black-and-
blue mark, or both. 

Some particular contusions are so common 
that they have been dignified with special 
names. A slone bruise occurs on the ball of the 
foot from coming down hard on something while 
running. ([f you come down hard on your heel . 
you may develop, appropriately, a heel bruise.) 
When you bark your shin, you may get a bone 
bruise, which is bleeding between a bone and its 
periosteum, the thin , Saran wrap-like material 
that covers the bones. The charley horse (an 
obscure term of baseball origin) is a contusion 
or tear of some of the fibers of the quadriceps. 
the big front thigh muscle. 

"Very educatlonl," you mutter. "but wltat 
do I do lor ~e paia?" The answer is : 
cold- immediate application of something cold 
to the injury. The sooner you can apply an 
icebag or something simllar, the quicker will be 
the relief. Cold numbs and also constricts the 
blood vessels of the area, helping to control the 

bleeding. Just remember not to freeze the 
injury by leaving it in ice too long. 

H the contusion is in a compressible area . 
such as an extremity. the next step is to wrap it 
up with a compression dressing to help hold 
down the swelling. Elastic bandage is best, but 
any broad strip of cloth can be used. (Save your 
old panty hose, girls! ) Remember not to make 
your compression dressing so tight it 's a 
tourniquet which cuts off all circulation to an 
arm or leg- just firm . comfortable pressure. 

Finally, elevate the extremity and let it rest. 
Prop up your leg or put your arm in a sling. 

Cold is applied , on and off, for the first 24 to 48 
hours. By then, the bleeding should be 
controlled and you 've had all the bleeding 
you 're going to get. Many times that 's the total 
trea tment, but if the area is large and there has 
been a lot of swelling we sometimes suggest a 
complete about-face after 48 hours and begin 
treatment with heat. This might be hot packs. 
soaking in warm water. Whirlpool, linament. 
infrared, diathermy, or any other ingenious way 
of getting heat to the injury but avoiding burns. 
The idea now is to iacrease circulation in the 
area. so that the clotted blood can be 
reabsorbed as quickly as possible. Supportive 
elastic bandages may be continued as long as 
there is swelling. and activity can be resumed 
as soon as it is no longer painful to move. 

Uncontrolled swelling from a contusion may 
develop into a hematoma, which is a large 
collection of blood in one area under the skin. It 
is sometimes necessary for a doctor to aspirate 
one of these with a needle to relieve the 
swelling. This is usually done. for example, 
when you get your ear smashed as in wrestling. 
Failure to empty out thp ~welling may result in 
defonnity of the ear cartilage. known as 
cauliflower ear. 

In the next column. I'll continue with sprains 
and strains. (Bet you don't know the 
difference. ) 

A Report From Indochina 
Margaret Rossoff 

During the first week in April , six women from Laos, North 
Vietnam and South Vietnam met in Vancouver, British 
Columbia, with representatives from the women 's movements 
in Canada and the United States. 

.The Indochinese women described the effects of war in their 
countries and Cambodia. Civilian villages are routinely 
attacked. Citizens are forced into concentration camps, where 
many deaths are caused by lack of medicine and food . Old 
people are killed ; parents are forced to abandon their children; 
women are raped and forced to be prostitutes. Young men are 
drafted into the puppet army . Horrible mutilatirms and pain 
are caused by pellet bombs and napalm ; the land is devastated 
by toxic defoliants . One woman, who had spent six years in 
prisons run by the Saigon regime, described the tortures she 
had experienced . ' 

Despite this suffering , the Indochinese women reiterated 
their determination to fight until victory is achieved. "Greater 
aggression can only lead to greater resistance." 

"Government Aggression" 

The Indochinese women realize that the war is being 
directed by the United States government. not the American 
people. They pointed out the contradiction between Nixon 's 
words and his actions. remarking that he won the last election 
with deceptive promises of peace. Believing that the 
American people are also suffering from the war and desire 
peace. they stressed the need to publicize the conditions in 
Indochina. " If the majority (of Americans ) knew these 
crimes. they would demand a quick end to the war ." 

The Indochinese are hoping for a resurgence of American 
anti-war activity. embracing the largest possible segment of 
the population, and based on the following three demands. 

0) That Nixon set a date by which time immediate and 
unconditional troop withdrawal will be completed ; 

(2) That the United States government cease supporting 
puppet regimes; 

(3) That the Indochinese be allowed to settle their own 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Apathetic Faculty 
Editor : 

Your article of April 9. 
entitled "Convocation on Muir 
Requi rements Proposed. " 
accurately reflects the apathy 
on the part of the faculty which 
has hampered the successive 
attempts of the Muir College 
Co uncil to i mprove 
undergraduate education at 
John Muir College. The great 
majority of faculty members 
fi nd themselves hard-pressed 
to offer any constructive 
cri ticism on proposal s 
submitted - but what can be 
expected of a group of persons 
who don't bother to show at 
their own meetings? 

For nearly two years the 
Muir College Council. which is 
made up of six students and 
(offic ia lly) six faculty 
members, has been working on 
a series of recommend a tions 
designed to bring better 
education to Muir and a new 
vitality to the .crumbling Muir 
curriculum. Perhaps these 
proposals aren't the "perfect 
panacea ·' for all our ills here at 

--

Muir, but they are a beginning. 
Meanwhile the Muir Faculty 
has been and continues to be 
content to simply let the 
general educa tion of Muir 's 
students slide downhill while 
they devote themselves 
e ntirel y to s pecific 
departments and priva te 
research. 

It is time for adm i ni strators 
to take a hard. critical look at 
the strangle-hold maintained 
by the faculty over general 
education programs of the 
colleges. Now is an especially 
important time in light of 
President Hitch's recent 
directives co nce rning 
improvement of undergraduate 
education at the University of 
California . 

The students of Muir have 
shown themselves interested in 
and devoted to the bettering of 
education at their college. Shall 
their work through the Muir 
College Council come to naught 
becau e of the apathy of Muir 
Faculty members? 

Very sincerely. 

Ian A. Boase 
Member 

Muir College Council 

affairs in peace. 
The Indochinese wowen advocated using all tactics that will 

unify the anti-war movement and allow the largest possible 
number of people to express their support of these demands. 

"Scapegoats" 

The Indochinese women realized that the American people 
do not necessarily support the war ; "young Americans are 
scapegoats." But the war is the responsibility of the Ameri ca n 
government. To call for mutual troop withdrawal is 
Impossible ; it is as if a robber entered a house and demanded 
that the homeowner leave first . Where are the Vietnamese to 
go? The unity of Vietnam was stressed. The Indochinese 
women pointed out that if Philadelphia were attacked it would 
not be unreasonable for troops from New York and California 
to join her defense ; this is analogous to the situatwn in 
Vietnam. The divi ion of {he country into North and Sou th was 
arbitrary and originally temporary. 

Since it is the United States government which is the 
aggressor, the Indochinese women declared. responsibility for 
the suffering of all Americans and Indochinese affected by the 
war- including the responsibility for the imprisonment of the 
POWs-lies with the American government. The Indochinese 
women stressed that the American people are in their minds 
dissociated from the government. " It is the ixon 
administration which sows death and destruction to our two 
peoples. We are friends." 

During the next few weeks there will be many opportunities 
to justify the faith of the Indochinese women by participating 
in the antiwar offensive: the April 24 march. the May 2 
festival . the May 5 strike and Bank of America picket. and he 
May 15-16 GI weekend . 

A fuller report on the Vancouver conference. including tapes, 
will be presented Monday, April 26 . at 8:30 in the Revelle 
informal lounge. The following day "The Battle of Algiers" 
will be shown at the Unicorn Cinema as a benefit to pay the 
costs of transporting delegates to the conference. 

A Modest 
Proposal 
Editor. 

When one reflects upon the 
functions of the AS presidency. 
one is immediately struck by 
the dichotomy between the 
qualifications for the office and 
the candidates ' conceptrons of 
these qualifications. Often, the 
aspirants' conceptions are 
completely unrelated to the 
realitie of the posi tion. 

The president is required to 
have a n accurate 
understanding of the nature of 
his powers. He must be able to 
perceive situations, weigh 
alternatives. and act quickly 
and decisively. He should 
recognize the strengths and 
weaknesses of his opposition, 
and behave in a manner that is 
neither overly cautious nor 
exceedingly reckless. He must 
be adept at bluffing. and have 
the ability to exploit chance. 

The discerning observer will 
note immediately that 
proficiency at the game of 
poker demands these same 
characteristics. It is therefore 

, 

apparent that the present 
method of selecting a president 
(meaningless campaigns by 
inept candidates ) is 
inadequate, and that a more 
appropriate method readily 
lends itself. 

The president by this new 
method would be chosen 
through a school wide poker 
tournament. and would assume 
office upon demonstrating that 
he is UCSD's fi nest poker 
player. We feel that this 
method would be more 
equitable. meaningful and 
realistic, and would in ure the 
ascendency of the most 
qualified person to office. 

Jim Terrell 
Jay Gillette 

Dogs and Shit 
Dear Gianna 0 curo. 

After reading your semi-
mediocre article entitled 
"Dogs and Shit ," I thought I'd 
waste a little of my time and 
write this respon e to you. 

I congratulate you on having 
enough human digmty to dump 
your shit into the ocean where 
it can kill off ~he life there 
instead of on the grass. bushes, 
etc. \ like dogs do) where it I 
returned to the soil. 

I agree with you that 
avoiding dog shit is pretty 
tricky. especially if you go 
arou nd with your nose up in the 
air . 

I also agree with you that 
dogs are mostly love 
surrogates. In fact , I myself 
prefer them to some people, I 
cannot. however, agree with 
you that living thing like dog 
should be kept locked up at 
home. 

oil Hanson 

Pre judiced TT? 
Editor : 

AI though the "offiCial" 
campaign week for A 
election ha ju t begun. UC D 
ha been confronted with an' A 
campaign which had its 
beginning at th same lime 
chOQI tarted last Seplemb r. 

" He calls tbese bls collection of original issues. I understand be DOW rna s-produces 
tbem." 

The TRITON TIMES ha b 
providing inordmate amount 
of publicity to the earl 

"fIRS'f 'tJt'~£ bOT 1"0 6£i -ro c.-t1~A ... 
f~(t& ~£ {)I6 ~f~AI6~T DoW/'l ... " 

Forming an 
Alternative Government 

Greg Rus ell 
In response to the upcoming AS elections, which have in the 

past proved themselves untenable as a method of selecting 
officers. we as members of the UCSD community sugge t a 
major change in the AS electoral procedures. We have 
discovered that nearly every member of the UCSD community 
who has heard of the plurality electIOn proposal views It as 
more viable and desirable than the existing structure. 

The plurality is a po itive way to ehmmate manufactured 
"issues and charismatic office seekers by !l1aking everyone a 
candidate. One would not be forced to arbi trarily choose 
between "the better of six evils." Tho e who are the most 
responsive to others would ultimately be elected because each 
person would vote for fr iends or acquaintances that were the 
best qualified to his own knowledge Those elected would thus 
be elected on their merit and on the confidence they inspired in 
others, not because of the quality of their campaign. 

Our proposed system ·of voting would be for each VOler to list _ 
seven people he honestly believed to be qualified. sign his 
" ballot'· and turn it in at one of the deSignated polling booths on 
campus. The names would not be re tncted to s.ullents -
anyone who was a worker . student. faculty member or in any 
other way a part of the UCSD community would be qualified to 
vote and be elected. The ballot would be tallied and then 
publicly burned . The seven people receiving the most votes 
would win. and if any declined the post the person with the next 
highest number of votes would be elected The organization of 
the council itself would be left up to the elected 
repre entatives. 

We propose, then. that both types of elections be held next 
week and that the AS Council accept the procedure which has 
the most support. Last year's restructurmg of the CounCil 
shows that uch a sudden change can take place. 

If the AS Council will not accept this proposal, then we will 
independently hold an alternate election . Last year only 30 
percent of the students acknowledged the A Council by voting 
in the elections. If this is any indication of what should happen 
this year (and we believe It is ). then we feel the level of 
upport that has already been shown for the plurality system 

makes it possible that it would receive more recognition from 
the students than the pre ent elections. And. this wou ld raise 
the serious question of which government reflected the wt.ll of 
the people. 

campaign of Diddo Clark . 
already prejudiced itself (and 
the campus) in her favor. 

Ask a TRTTO ' TIME 
staffer why uch rtdiculous 
articles appear a those run on 
Diddo - i.e . bike ramps. 
·'a rt "shows. Diddo the 
Contemporary Is ues Teacher. 
ad nau eam- and he'll say that 
these items are " news.·' and 
b sides, the paper has to .. fill 
up space" somehow. Didd:>, by 
a ca Iculated proce s of 
creating elf- erving publ city 
tunts . ha gotten her name in 

the news \ not ju I the TRI'l'O 
TIMES. however; at the Lme 
wh n Muir' CI program was 
undergoing it. h .. vi" • 
critici m. for example, Diddo. 
Miss weet alvete her elf, 
conta ted both the SAN DIEGO 

10 and lh LA JOLLA 
LIGHT to inform them of the 
deftcienci of th CI program 

- tn which she wa a 
teacher! ,. The TRITO 
TIME "news" policy of 
following up on publicity AS 
office eeker totally excludes 
a candidate uch as Paul 
Kaufman from the public 
con ideration a AS pre ident 
- after all , he has only been 
work tng quietly In the all 
year to get thing done, and not 
to g t hi name pia tered aU 
over the place. 
The TRITO TIME . in bot 
it news and editorial pages, 
talk about Its role In erving 
the .. tud nt ' intere t." I 
think the TRITO TIME 
ought to re-evaluate what it 

~f! C" :IS "t~c student 
tnt re t" In regard to the all-
year campaigning on its own 
n w pa lor .\. Pre Id ntial 
candidate, Dlddo Cia,' . 

te e Barrett 

Tuftday. April 23. 1971 Triton Times Page. 



fOSSIBILITIES 
Hel'bie Hancock 

Miles Davis ' young piano 
prodigy during his heavy years, 
Herbie Hancock, is out kicking 
on his own now. Saturday night 
Hancock will steam into the 
UCSDgym . 

Hancock was a member of 
Davis' more prolific quintets 
and quartets during the sixties, 
writing himself such keystones 
as "Cantaloupe Island" and 
" Maiden Voyage. " Many 
critics feel that the avante-
garde genius of Hancock was 
eclipsed and subdued by the 
powerful Davis. They are 
looking forward to an explosion 
from the still youthful Hancock 
since his break with Davis. 

His UCSD concert sponsored 
by the Campus Programming 
Board is a benefit for 
emergency student loans ; 
Saturday night, 8:30. Tickets at 
Urey Hall or at door : $2 : 
students ; $2 .50 faculty and 
staff ; $3 general. 

Baroque and 
Renaissance 
Concert 
A concert of Baroque and 

Rena issance works by the 
Marx Baroque Ensemble will 
be held at UCSD this Sunday, 
April 25. The performance will 

ALASKA ?? 
The second edition of 
" JOBS IN ALASKA" 

tells all you need to know. 
S3 ,ash or M.O, 

JOBS IN ALASKA 
I •• IS6S, Anchorage, Ak99S01 

I I 
I L.A. to LONDON I I return from Amsterdam I 
IJ .. · w5op', 1~ $ 2691 
IJ .... 211Sep', 7 $ 2691 
h ... 21/ A .. . 26 $ 26.1 I ... · 26{5op'. 26 $ u.1 
Is.,. 2O"'W.y'.A.... $1361 
II 'mlMdlCl,e ric."'1'IQ for diKo-.,Il'It fltghtl lol'ldoft \lei II 

Te!A'Wi ... S 77, 10 A"*,I S H BO , \10 Iomboy SUO, Ito Nairobi S 150. lorV- diKounh on COlt ond I I tnOny olhtf fliOttls , I 
ICenlDltt Dr. "nt_, (213)277.5200 or "'·1 
/

31 11 c/. Si.rra "..,eI. 917.5 Son'. Mtftk. "'1 
... .,IyHi~ 

I 1-------------------1 11 .... _____________________ 1 
I I I~--------------------- I 

Now 
Ihru 
Moy 2 

~~:l'.iill:.~~~ only 
(except SOl Eve) 

.. HEEP ON 
THE RUNWAY 

FIII'I1)man \rt 
Bll rl ,~ ald', I'o ", fd~ raper 
of \'11tric.'an inle(\~: lJtl o l1 
o\er.c ea' ,;; ... hllmiJjil1~ 
Lit n ii\u·rat .. brro l1l e en-
I'"~ "(/ in \,iall ronflir\ .. 
52.sa Til • . W'" • Thw,t.. Sun ft'ft l 
$3 .00 ffi, S.' "" I 
S200 Sv Ma •• A .. ll l , U&M.y" 
S I so .t", .hru C" I IN"." M. 

flC Sal..,. 

olb globe 
tbeatrt 

oft.r 
noon 

be neld at 8:30 p.m. in the 
Revelle Cafeteria, and is 
sponsored by the UCSD's 
Department of Music and the 
Campus Programming Board. 

Tickets are 25 cents and may 
be purchased at the Ticket 
Office, Campus Programming 
Board, Urey Hall Lobby, 
Revelle College, or at the door 
the evening of the 
performance. 

Members of the ensemble 
are Josef Marx, oboe, Nancy 
Turetzky, flute , Nora Post, 
English horn , Louise Spizizen, 
harpsichord , Bertram 
Turetzky, contrabass, and 
assisting artist Michael Redd, 
bassoon. 

Asylum Poetry 
A reading of the works of the 

French poet Antonin Arta~d 
will be held in the UCSD .A:rt 
Gallery on Wednesday, April 
28, at8:30 p.m. 

The reading is in conjunction 
with a show of paintings by the 
New York artist, Nancy Spero, 
based on interpretations of 
Artaud 's poetry. 

Artaud worked as an actor in 
the theater for many years, and 

FREE! 

later in life began to write 
poetry. He 'was juclged to be 
"insane" and wrote much of 
his poetry from an asylum. 

The exhibition by Miss Spero 
will run from April 21 through 
May 16. Gallery hours are from 
11-4 daily and Wednesday 
evenings from 8-10 p.m. 

San Diego 
Symphony 

An exceptionally handsome 
and talented cast will perform 
with the San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra for the finale of the 
winter season on April 29 and 30 
at the Civic Theatre, 8 :30 
curtain. 

This all-orchestral and-
choral program will feature 
" Psalm 150" by the brilliant 
Argentine composer Alberto 
Ginastera , and Beethoven's 
Symphony NO.9. The combined 
voices of the San Diego 
Symphonic Chorale and the San 
Diego State College Chorus will 
be incorporated into both 
com posi tions. 

Tickets for both the April 29 
and 30 performances are 
available at the Civic Theatre 

* 
FREE! 

Decorate· Your Wheels! 

WII 
A VALUABLE 

SYLVANIA STEREO CONSOLE-
FOR YOURSELF, YOUR SORORITY 

OR FRATERNITY! 

* 
S88 a Sound Freak 
lor Entry Blanks 

al 
1)ow Sound eit)' 
Contest begins April 15 - ends May 16 

* 1)ow Sound fit}' 
A subsidiary 01 MILO ELECTRONICS CORP 

FASHION VALLEY EAST . SAN DIEGO 
PHONE 291 -5595 

3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD , SAN DIEGO 
PHONE : 283-2325 

and Oxnard 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1971 

Box Office and all Metro 
Ticket Agencies . 

Audience 
Involvement Concert 

In its continuing Showcase 
for Young Composers, the 
UCSD Music Department will 
present a second concert in 
April of new works by graduate 
students. It will be held at 8: 30 
p.m., Saturday , April 24 , in the 
Recital Hall , 409MC and is free 
and open to the public. 

Dwight Cannon, coordinator 
of the concert and whose work, 
" Music for I, 2 or 3 Trumpets 
and 4-Channel Tape," will also 
be performed that evening, 
says the concert will be 
informal and that the usual 
concert format will not be 
used . Improvisations will be 
done between the musical 
pieces to be performed, and the 
audience should feel free to sit 
in the chairs provided or on the 
floor and may walk ,around 
during the performance. 

Ethnopoetics 
Reading 

Armand Schwerner, poet and 
important figure in the new 
avant-garde , will give a 
reading at the UCSD Art 
Gallery on Monday , April 26, 
'lt8 :30p.m. 

Schwerner is welJ-l<nown as 

an experimental poet whose 
most extreme work takes him 
back to the beginnings of 
written history, 

In a long work called ., The 
Tablets" he creates a religious, 
erotic , visionary, comic 
universe on the model of the 
fragments of Mesopotamian 
epics and ferti lity hymns 
uncovered by archaeologists 
over the last 100 years. 

His reading is one of several 
public performances sponsored 
as part of UCSD's Ethnopoetics 
Seminar being taught by 
Jerome Rothenberg, poet and 
Regents' Professor in the 
Department of Literature. In 
addition to Rothenberg and 

Sch werner, other poets in the 
series include Simon Ortiz 
(April 23) , Emmett Williams 
(May 3) , and Dick Higgins 
(May 19). 

TALK IS CHEAP. 
NOW YOU CAN LEAlUI A SECOND LANGUAGE £Al1L1', 
ENJOYABLY,PIIIVATELY AJIfD INEDENSIVELY. 

Expand your horizons in a shrink-
ing world . Learn to speak, under-
stand, read and write i 
Spanish . Or French. Or 
German . 

Learn by appointment, 
at your convenience. With the~~~ 
expert attention of your own, 
private instructor. Learn with 
Dr. M. W. Sull ivan's exc iting new 
approach to language instruction. 

No homework or studying is 
involved. Just open your mind . 
We do the rest. 

Call to schedule your first 
lesson. It's free. 

2(122 CAMINO DEl ~IO NOIITH . SAN DIEGO. CA 92011 
291 ·9410 

is) ~~!!!~OL~A~~~~~!~G~!~!N!~G~. 
An educational dill/lslon of Behavioral R" ... rch labofa101'es. Inc . 

ISRAELI NIGH' 
EXHIBITS MOVIES FOLK DANCING 
IATIVE FOOD AID REFRESHMEITS 

SPECIAL GUEST FOLK SINGER 
HOTI GILAHDI 

7:30 TONIGHT REVELLE INFORMAL LOUNGE 
SPONSERED BY JEWISH STUDENTS ASSOCIATION? 

GREEK COFFEE HOUSE 
GREEK AND BALKAN DANCING 

FRIDAY ANDSAT(}RDAY ATBP.lff. 
DINNER FROM 6 PM. 

GOURMET SHISH-KABOB, STUFFED EGGPLANT 
TURKISH COFFEE 

GROUP LECTURES ON GREEK MUSIC, 
COSTU~IES, INSTRUMENTS AND DANCES 

KAF ANA ZORBA 
5970 EL CAJON BLVD. (NEAR COLLEGE AVE.) 

286-1157 CLOSED MONDAYS 

the 

metamorphosis 
SATURDAY MIDNIGHT 
@l1~~iln@ rnl1W®~® 

1OO11lJll1 lr~n~~~W 
~~® lJll1~ILil~W 

THE LIBERATIO" OF r- FloOllER CHILD (18) _ TWlTCJlY (S) _ OR DIM WATERMELD"' (101 
MAllrflQUE IIECHA"IQUE (16) by Andrew IIeyer b. Joll. Cral, b. Roberl Nel.o. by Sle •• Aroold " 

Bb EATLE' ELECTRO"IQU'I:I (31 - THICK PUCKER (11) • LITTLE IE.UI (15) . FA"TAlY (15) 
y J.d Yalk.1 and "am lillie Polk by Roben ".1.... by Fred P.d,l. by 80b Dlorpo 

8 FREERECORDSfrom~~~\\\t 
PIUS".THEGREAT( .... -"')CONTEST! 

31m r=;.(Jn ~ ~ ...... II6a ~ mo;<,m t""&1d, 

UCSD Wins. 7-5 

Tritons Outslug Biola 
Regents OK new GYM . 

John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

The $650,000 addition to the UCSD 
gymnasium, given preliminary approval by the 
Regents last Friday , will provide relief to 
serious overcrowding in existing physical 
education facilities. Tentatively scheduled for 
completion by Fall 1972, the annex will contain a 
full-size basketball court , office and workshop 
space for UCSD recreation clubs, a staff 
women 's locker room to accommodate four 
instructors, and a 1,500 square foot conference 
room and kitchenette complex. 

" We didn 't ask for everything we'd like," said 
Bert Kobayashi , UCSD director of recreational 
athletics, " because we realized that if we bit off 
more than someone thought was reasonable, we 
might get shot down on the whole project. " 

regulation basketball court, but will also break 
down into two intramural sized volleyball or 
basketball courts . 

Roller Skating Possible 

" The tartan surface will be much more 
versatile and durable than hardwood," said 
Kobayahsi , "people will even be able to roller 
skate on it." . 

The addition will serve other needs, as well . 
The staff women 's locker rooms will mean the 
growth of women 's physical education 
prograrns. The office and workshop space will 
encourage the development of recreation clubs 
on campus. 

Location of the new gym is tentatively 
planned for the south side of the existing 
faci lity. Although the Regents approved 
construction of only 12,000 feet of assignable 
floor space, Kobayashi is hopeful that the new 
structure will have two stories. 

Behind Pete Yocky 's six-hit, 
12 -s trikeout pitching 
performance and an II-hit 
attack, the UCSD diamondmen 
posted their seventh win of the 
season Tuesday by defeating 
visiting Biola College of La 
Mirada , 7to 5. 

A six-hit first inning got the 
Tritons off to a 4-0 lead, but it 
was Steve Shepherd's two-out , 
sixth inning home run over the 
left-centerfield fence that 
broke a 5-5 deadlock and 
provided the margin of victory. 
The 375-foot drive was 
Shepherd 's third homer of the 
season and increased his RBI 
total to a team-leading 20 . 

For the day Steve (.3771 
scored three runs and had three 
hits in five trips to the plate, 
including a first-inning double 
that scored lead-off batters 
Curtis Jenkins (.264 ) and Dave 
Wright (.271), who had 
slammed out consecutive 
singles off Biola pitcher Jim 
Wright. In that first inning. 
George Horman (.319) drove 
Shepherd home with the first of 

his two hits for the day and 
scored when Chuck Bahde 
(.229 ) stroked the first of his 
two singles. 

Biola. a hustling ballclub. 
scored its initial and only 
earned run of the afternoon in 
the second inning on a walk and 
two singles, interspersed 
between two deep drives to 
centerfielder Wright which 
opened and closed the inning. 
Yocky's second of the 12 
strikeouts accounted for the 
second out , following the walk 
and first BIOla hit. In the Triton 
fourth , Shepherd singled with 
two out, went to second when 
Jerry Pittman 1. 241 ) walked , 
and after advancing to third on 
a wild pitch came home when 
Horman lined his second Single 
of the afternoon. 

What appeared to be a 
comfortable lead shrank to a 5-
4 margin in the fifth inning 
when Biola capitalized on a hit 
batter, errors bv left fielder 
John Shinn (. 295 and 2-4 for the 
day ) and Yocky. and a sacnfice 
fly to score three runs . In the 

visitor half of the sixth, 
thirdbaseman Shepherd threw 
wild after charging a bunt. 
allOWIng the runner to reach 
second, A single through the 
hole at short then tied the 
contest and set the stage for 
Shepherd 's retaliatory blow 
three outs later . Alert base 
running by leading hitter Ron 
Bush 1.404 1 added an insurance 
run for the Triton in the 
seventh inning. After striking 
out on a wild pitch, Ron 
streaked to first when the Biola 
catcher failed to control the 
ball. He then proceded to steal 
second . go to third on another 
wild pi tch . and score when the 
throw following Bahde's 
grounder to short pulled the 
Biola firstbaseman off the bag. 

The Tritons, now 7-9 for the 
year. will attempt to reach the 
.500 mark Sa turday when they 
meet Cal Lutheran at the UCSD 
diamond. Guy Lowery (3-1 , 
ERA L.44 1 and Yocky (3-2, 
ERA 1.54 ) are scheduled to 
pitch the two seven inning 
games starting at noon. 

With the University facing a critical shortage 
of capital expansion funds , it seems a minor 
miracle that the project got off the ground at 
all . Kobayashi - credits extreme need and a 
willingness to compromise for success so far. In 
order to get approval for the annex , campus 
officials agreed to forego a much larger 
women 's gymnasium called for in the campus 
master plan by 1973. " We knew we'd never get 
anything if we held out for that, '. said 
Kobayahsi. 

Since a regulation basketball court requires 
8,400 square feet , this would mean creation of a 
building with 16,800 feet of floor space, about 
4,000 more than the Regents budgeted for . " If 
we can do it for about the same money. " 
Kobayashi said, ' 'I'm sure the Regents won 't 
mind." 

ew, Old Structures Linked 
Softball Epidemic Termed Critical 

All-Purpose Recreation Facility Needed 

The most despera te need, Kobayashi said , 
was for a newall-purpose recreation facility. 
Scheduling in the present gym is almost 
intolerable, he explained . In the Winter 
Quarter. [or example, when 50 intramural 
basketball teams were competing for playing 
time, the gym 's tight schedule could afford only 
two days a week for the program. As a result , 
intramural matches were scheduled from the 
earliest available hour through midnight on both 
days. The remainder of the week, regular 
intercollegiate basketball, volleyball , fencing 
and wrestling teams competed for game and 
practice time, along with an assortment of 
drama, concert, and movie productions. 

The fact that the gymnasium has the only 
large seating capacity on campus compounds 
the problem, said Kobayashi. This past 
weekend, for example, a two!day fencing meet 
forced a much later than usual showing of the 
Friday night flicks at 10 p.m. Further , all the 
equipment for the fencing meet had to be taken 
down before the movie, and then carefully 
replaced afterward for the continuation of the 
contest the next day. 

The next annex will go a long ways toward 
solving this kind of problem. The 94- by 50-foot 
tartan playing surface will be able to 
accommodate fencing , wrestling or volleyball 
meets, while another production is going on 
next door . The new floor will be the size of a 

Mike Roth 
Sports Writer 

The lower story of the new structure, if it doe 
turn out to have two stories, would hou e the Caution ; one of the primary 
office, conference, and workshop space, while symptoms of ~ pring [ever is 
the upper story would contain the playing court. the urge to take bat and ball in 
This would permit the new floor to be on the hand and relive the glories o[ 
same level as the floor in the present gym . The baseball , particularly softball. 
new and old structure would then be linked by On almost any afternoon the 
enclosed corridors. athletic field next to the 

The new facility will not. however , contain swimming pool is sure to be 
any new student locker space . Despite current filled by students badly 
waiting lists for lockers in both the men's and infected by the fever who have 
women 's locker rooms, consensus was that to given in to the urge to play, so 
ask for more space might jeopardize the whole much so that the four 
project. intramural leagues have been 

Plan ning for the new facility has been filled by 44 teams. 
underway for only six months. Kobayashi is This season there are two 
pleased to admit that this is unusually good coed leagues, "Red" and 
time, since many UC buildings spend years in " Blue" (Lee Johnson. the 
committee before they get even preliminary intramural director, takes all 
Regental approval. " And we 're going to cred it for such imaginitive 
continue to move ahead as fast as we can within names ), This year 'only a single 
the proper planning procedures," he said. coed team will be able to take 

The architectural firm of Liebhardt, Weston. the trip to UC Davis for the 
and Goldman of La Jolla . de igners of the intramural championships to 
existing gym , have been designated for the be held the weekend of May 21. 
annex as well. A UCSD planning committee, 22 , and 23. 
with students, faculty, and administration Thirteen teams felt confident 
representatives, will also be instrumental in the enough to enter the special 
designing process. double elimination tournament 

The new facility will be financed by special _ whIch WIll d.eclde the San Diego 
Regents ' funds and UCSD registrations fees . No represen.tatlve, and rumor has 
state tax revenues will be used . It that Mike Klayer, head of the 

. to 

-ANNOUNCING ' 
THE COAST CRUISER 

COMMUTER BUS SERVICE 
HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO 

CARDIFF 
SIX ROUND TRIPS DAilY 

lOW FARES 
SCHEDULES AVAILABLE: UREY HALL LOBBY 
INFO CENTER, BOOKSTORE, REVELLE STORE 

ASUCSD PRESENTS 
A ROLLER SKATING PARTY 
7-11 PM FREE (EXCEPT FOR SKATE RENTAL) 

TRICITY ROLLER RINK 
212 SOUTH CEDROS t SOLANA BEACH 

get that trip up north. This Orcs VI . and Badawneuf, has to 
rumor is given further be rated a little stronger than 
credence - by Mike's intensive the Blue League. Currently' 
scouting and recruiting DeAnza tops the polls as the 
campaigns. but he will be hard number one team , but their 
pressed to get by the Hungry rivals are all hungry for an 
Hunters who have displa yed upset. 
considerable power in their This weekend will featu re 
games. However, the H'lt what should be some great 
Flashes, the Yuba City Goosers contests with the Orcs VI 
and Greenleaf are all good matching up with the 
enough to rate as outside undefeated Mudhens. who will 
chances in the race to Davis. later square off with 

The most recent standings Badawneuf. while Yuba City 
place the Phobedrads at the will take a shot at highflying 
head of the Totuava League. DeAnza . The Dungeeps, a team 
followed by the Hungry that could play with the best of 
Hunters and Basement Boys, the Red , stands on top of the 
while Yuba City, Hot Flashes Blue League. while God, PML 
and Greenleaf are battling for and the Weasels are breathing 
the Tuna League lead. down their necks with similar 

Coed rules differ from men's unbeaten records. Action will 
rules in that a team is made up be sparse in that league this 
of 5 men and 4 women and that weekend as the top teams are 
the team that is batting drawing their opponents from 
provides its own pitcher. A new the bottom of the deck. 
rule this year provides for an League games will continue 
alternating batting order : boy, into late May, when a quick 
girl. boy. girl etc. tournament o[ the top teams in 

In the men's leagues. the Red all the leagues will take place 
district , sporting such to determine beyond mere 
powerhouses as DeAnza. the conjecture who the be t team 
Mudhens, Yuba City Honkers ._ is. 

LOW LOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
BY APPTONlY 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNIC IAN-CONSULT ANT 

SMOKING· WEIGHT -MEMORY 
NERVES-CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA-SELF HYPNOSIS 

no summer job. 
The ATIONA L CAMP E CHANGE i accepting resumes of 
camp counselor applicants to be distributed to over 2650 camps 
in 4 1 tates and Canada. Undergraduate tudents (completing 
at least one full year by June) graduate tudent and faculty 
members. 
Camp work prOVide an opp rtunity to refre h one ' mind and 
body in pleasant surroundings close to nature , while developing 
new relationship In a comfortable new environment. Position 
as general counselor, group leader and peclalty counselor are 
available for men and wo-nenwlth or without camp experience 
To have copies of your edtted re ume nt to tho e ummer 
camp In our file in earll lay follow thiS format e aetly : 
A) arne and age B) !lome addre S and phone C) doool 
residence and phone D) 1)0 II\0n de ~ired [I RelevJnt expert-
en.:e F) Area preferred G) \lame of chool H) . arne and 
Jddres of work-mate (II any). 
It 's advantagcouJ lU ;.... IJI\~j dllll III 1Ii~ POIIIl Type or pflnt 
legibly on one Side of one page and mall our copy With 7 for 
printing and proce ing f ea hie ume in 

TIO AL C MP E CH 
315.760 M RKrT TRE.ET, rR 

8 i 

Tuesday, April23. '971 Triton Tilnft Pege" 
. 



FRIDAY, 
April 23 

POETRY READING - 12 
noon, Art Gallery, MC, by 
Simon Ortiz, sponsored by the 
United Native Americans of 
UCSD. 
CONCERT - 10 a.m ., UCSD 
Gym, given by the Bakersfield 
High School Symphony 
Orchestra and Chamber 
Orchestra . Free. 

8:30 p.m., 409 MC, Graduate 
Composers'Series. 
DANCING - 6-8 p.m., meeting 
N. Balcony of Gym, Etude de 
Ballet. 
DANCING -8-12 p.m., old 
Cluster I Library , MC ; 
teaching from 8-9 :30. 25 cents. 

1 p.m., Anomaly Factory 
Modern Dance Class will visit 
Grossmont College for Master 
Dance Class given by Pearl 
Lang. Meet in front of gym and 
bring $1.50 for class fee . 
MOVIE - 7:30 and 10:15 p.m., 
USB 2722, Friday ight Flicks, 
"Midnight Cowboy" 50 cents 
COFFEE HUT - featuring 
Whizz Bang 
SPECIAL EVENT - Cement 
signing day at Muir sponsor.ed 
by the Muir College CounCIl ; 
come write in the wet cement 
DISCUSSION GROUP 
Guest : Robert Munn, State 
Department expert on Mid-
East affairs. 2 p.m., Revelle 
Informal Lounge 

SATURDAY, 
April 24 

VIGILS - 11-2, In front of La 
Jolla Post Office, Silent 
Saturday Vigil sponsored by the 
La Jolla Friends. 

5 p.m., La Jolla Shore 
Beach, Peace Vigil for all those 
who can 't make the San 
Francisco March . Bring ideas, 
food , guitars, and each other. 
SEMINARS - 9:30 a.m., to 
3:30 p.m., HL Aud ., Revelle, 
"The ew Feminism : What Do 
Women Really Want ?" 
representatives from Women 's 
Lib groups and other 

I organizations will talk about 
hopes for the women of the 
future . Fee $3. 

9:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., Escondido 
Women 's Club , 340 So . 
Broadwa y, Escondido , 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459- 7355 

"Ecology Begins at Home:" 
Escondido and North County. 
CONCERTS - 8 p.m., Gym, 
Herbie Hancock, jazz pianist. 
Stu. $2, Fac., Staff $2.50, Gen. 
$3, to raise funds for 
emergency Stu. loans. 

8 p .m ., San Diego 
Community Concourse, at 
Convention Hall , Arlo Guthrie. 
$2.50, $3.50, $4.50. For tickets 
call 236-6510. 
MOVIE - 7:30 and 10:30 p.m., 
USB 2722 , " Wild 
Strawberries," "Knife in the 
Water" Stu. $1 , Gen. $1.50 
COFFEE HUT - featuring 
Whizz Bang 
ISRAELI NIGHT - 7:30 
Revelle Informal Lounge ; 
Folksinging , Exhibits , 
DanCing, Free Israeli food ; 
sponsored by JSA and 
International Club. 
SPECIAL EVENTS - 10-5, 
Torrey Pines Gliderport , 
Soaring Championships , 
parking charge 

OP-TEE -CAL Illusions 
Gimmick Car Rallye, register 
6-8 :30 p.m. at UCSD Revelle 
Student Parking Lot ; Fee $2, 
Finish at Shakey ' s in 
Clairemont 12 :30. For info. call 
453-8407 (Charlie ). 

MONDAY, 
April 26 

POETRY READING - 8:30 
p .m ., with Armand 
Schwerner ; also Theater 
Presentation Series. 
LECTURES - 8 p.m., gym, 
given by William F. Buckley 
Jr. 

8:30 p.m., Revelle Informal 
Lounge , Vancouv er 
Indochinese- orth American 
Women 's Conference Report ; 
tapes and reports from 
delegates. 

MEETINGS - 11-1, 20 1305 
Triton Wargaming Society. 

6:30-8:30 p.m., So. Balcony of 
Gym, Gymnastics Club 

7:30 p.m., Blake Lower 
Lounge, manda tory Committee 
to Free Political Prisoners 
meeting. 

SUNDAY, 
April 25 

MEETING - 8 p.m., 610 MC 
(near .f'.adio station ), Women's 
Lib Front 
CONC ERT -8 :30 p .m., 
Revelle Cafeteria, Oboist Josef 
Marx will perform and direct 
chamber works from the 
Baroque period ; 50 cents. 
SPECIAL EVENTS - 10-5, 
Torrey Pines Gliderport , 
Soaring Championships , 
parking charge. 

Half a day of saltwater 
fishing with the Angling Club. 
Call 755-7931 or 224-1048 for 
time and location. Cost $7-
$8 .50 , some equipment 
available. 
FILMS - 2 p.m., Unicorn 
Cinema, India Film Club, Hindi 
movie : '.'Milan Ki R.aat ," also 
short "Yoga For Health ". 

7 p.m., USB 2722 "Beast With 
Four Fingers" and "Them", 
free . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tune your heads into KSDT 

for far-reaching sounds - jazz, 
rock , country , special 
programs, information on 
school happenings! 

Student Directories are still 
available at the EDNA Office 
at 250 MC. 

Revelle Seniors - A list of 
1971 Spring and Summer 
graduating Seniors is now 

WANTED: 
College men and women for man· 
agement positions in government. 
Must meet physical requirements. 
Financial aid available for in· 
college tra inees, or appl icants 
can enro ll in special tra ining 
course on graduation. Stateside 
and/or oversea s trav e l 
",aranteed. 

posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Provost's Office. 
Please check to see if your 
name is on it. If it is not on the 
list and you do wish to graduate 
file a card with the Provost's 
Office before May 6. 

The deadline for submitting 
petitions requesting permission 
to transfer from other UCSD 
colleges into Muir College, 
effective next fa ll , is 4 p.m., on 
Friday, May 14. 

Muir Seniors - A list of all 
seniors who have declared 
their candidacy for Spring or 
Summer '71 has been posted in 
the Muir Provost Office. 
Please contact Maxine Johnson 
in the Provost Office to 
confirm your plans for 
graduation. Any deletions or 
additions to the list must be 
made by May 7. 

LOST: A gold "Vantage" 
wrist watch (21,jewels) lost in 
gym last week ; I really need it! 
Please call Sharon 454-2772. 
Attention Muir students -
Elections for Muir College 
Council will be held May 5, 
1971. Any full-time (12 units ) 
Muir student is eligible to run 
for a one or two-year term of 
office or for the AS 
representative from Muir 
College. Petitions are now 
available at the Office of the 
Dean, 2125 2D or the Resident 
Dean's Office. 

Here's a government position with a lege, you can get your commission r-------------;-.. ; , 
real future for both men and women . through the Air Force Officer Train· I USAF Military Personnel Center I 
An officer's job in the Air Force. A ing Program. It is open to all college I Dept. A 
management level job in anybody's grads, both men and women, who I Randolph AFB, Texas 78148 
book. Certainly, there's no better qual ify . I Please send me more information 
way to get the experience and tra in· Check it out. You'll find that the Ion: 
ing needed for executive respons i· Air Force is one career that offers I 0 Officer Training School 
bility. something for everyone. Nearly 430 ! 

If you have two years of college different jobs, ranging from aero. 1 0 Air Force ROTC Program 
rcm31f1 i"f, you could find yourself naut ical engineering to zoology, AGE 
earning an Air Force commission with almost everything else, jnclud· !!.!NA~M~E --:(::-::P .. ::-: ... .,...,p::;rj~n1)~~~-
wh ile you learn, through the Air ing flying, in between. But whatever 
Force ROTC two·year program. your duties, you'll soon discover ~AO!!!.OR!!.!E~SS!--_____ _ 
Along with college cred its and a that the Air Force will let you move 
commission, you'll receive $50 each just as far and as fast as your tal · CITY STATE liP I 
month as a student. And upon grad· ents can take you. I 
uation, that management position So look ahead and let your col· PHON E DATE OF GRADUATlQN I 
we promised will be waiting for you. lege years payoff for you with a I 
If an advanced degree Is in your managerial poSition in the U.S. Air SCHOOL I 
plans, you'll be happy to learn that Force. Just send In this coupon or I 
the Air Force has a number of out· write to USAF Military Personnel I underst,nd there Is no obligation. I 
standing programs to help you fur- Center, Dept. A, Randolph AFB, I. 
ther your education. Texas 78148, and get your postgrad· I 

If you're in your final year of col- uate career off the ground. I 

find yowseI in hllWled Stat.s ~foa I L _______________ J 
Pag.12Tri ton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1971 

. C LAS S I FIE D ~" 
CRAFT FAIR, MAY 8th AU 
CRAFTSMEN WElCOME. $1 
SPAa fIE, NO COMMISSIONS 
FREE TO THE PUIUC. 755-4461 
FOIINFO. ( .. / 23) 
WE teach music, guitar, 
electric bass, 5 string banjo, 
autoharp, sitar, tabla, flute. 
Call 755·7454. 

(4·27 ) 
Hear 0 Israel . 283·1400. 

(4·23) 
LOST: Gold wedding band 
with pedal aesign if found 
call collect 753·0616 . 
Reward! 

( 4·23) 

Jobs 
MEN of all trades to NORTH 
SLOPE, ALASKA, and the 
YUKON, around $2800.00 a 
month. For complete information 
write to Job ReMarch, PO Box 
161 , Stn-A, Toronto, Ontario. 
Enclose $3 to cover cost. ( .. / 23) 
Male students part/ full time, $3 
hr. plus scholarship. Call 22 .. -
2864. ( R) 

Travel 
EUROPE: $225·$280. Also 
ISRAEL "nd JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755·3990 after 5 p.m., or write 
E.S.E.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. (5 / 11) 
EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL 
AMERICA ADVENTUROUS 
OVERLAND JOURNEY TO 
PANAMA AND PHOTOGRAPHIC 
SURVEY Of MA YAN RUINS AND 
CONTEMPORARY UFI IN THE 
YUCATAN AND NORTHERN 
GUATEMALA. DEPARTS JUNE 
8th AND SEPT. l .. th. DEl AILS: 
DOKA EXPEDITIONS INC., 2329 
SACRAMENTO, SUITE I , SAN 
FRANOsCO. 9 .. 1 '5' (".30) 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 1 5 - $268. Plus full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-9098 after 5. (R) 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inter.European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT: IsCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. " , L. A. 
Calif., 90049. TEl.: (213) 836-
5669. (6/ .. ) 
CHEAPEST FUGHTs TO EUROPE. 
Charters throughout Europe, 
Asia, Africa, Israel. New Yorl! 
$158 RT. LAX/ LON/ LAX/ April 
3-11 , Eurail passes student i.d . 
cards, A.I.S. 9056 Santo Monica 
Blvd., Los Angeles, 90060, (213) 
27"-87"2. /4(2") 
Europe chOrters. 50 Departures, 
also from N.Y. Africa, India, 
Israel. 60 per cent Off. FrH info: 
EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210. 
Phone: ( 213) 276-6293. (5 / 11) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedules 'rom $250 roundtrip, 
$150 one way. Coordinator: 
ProfeslOr Margaret Paal 2 .. 7 
Roycroaft. Long Beach. 90803. 
213-"38-2179. ( .. / 2 .. ) 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FlOM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE IsSUANa IN-
TNL. STUDENT I.D. CARD & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA-
EUROPIAN/ ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTHS, IUIAILPASSIS. CAR 
"'.CHASI Als RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TIL 27 .... 7 .. 2 (5/ 2.) 

Housing 
MAlE GRADUATING SR. NEEDS 
ROOM IN HOUSE FOR NEXT 
YEAR IEFOIE JUNE 16. IF 
YOU'RE spumNG 01 NHD 
SOMEONE TO SHAlE A HOUSE 
CAll 755-7267 ("/ 20) 
HOUSE·SITTING. SOSC 
woman facultv member and 
husband need accom. 
modations June thru 
August. We have no 
children or pets but will 
care for yours. Call 488·7922 
after 6 p.m. (4:.27) 
Roommate wanted for 
Pacific Beach house with 
swimming pool. 272-8923. 

(4·27 ) 
Interviewing people for new 
studio rentals for the fall 
quarter in 0.1 Mar . 
Furnished S125 .00 / mo . 
Write Box 8 1027 F.ldspar 
St. Pacific Beach, SO 92109 

(5·11 ) 
Home for sale. Spanish 
house excel. condo Ready 
for occupancy. Fireplace, 
hardwood floor 3 bedroom, 
den, dining room, Lot 75' x 
'140' on Torrey Pines Rd. La 
Jolla . S55,000. Call 459·5552. (5-4) 

Services 
L!ARNTORY 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE COMMERICAL, 
INSTRUMENT , AND 
MULTIENGINE RATINGS. CALL 
BUZZ ..... 0272 ( .. / 30) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen "59-8888 (R) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. Call 

Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607. (R) 
Is Your Auto sicl! or Tired 

Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Can 
Repairs and Pollution Cantrol. 
Student Discount 7748 Hershel 
La Jolla ( in the rear) .. 59-9181(1) 
MACRAME , WEAVING, 
STICHERY ClASSES STARTING 
NOW AT CARMEL VALLEY 
WEAVERS SUPPLY. CALL FOR 
FREE SCHEDULE AND SUPPlY 
UsT. 755-4 .. 61 01 WRITE BOX 
77A, RT 1 DELMAR. ("/ 23) 
Typing .. 1~pe,.elKeCl tYPIst ... 
Term papers, theses. Electric 
typewriter. Will da rush jobs. 
"53-6835. (RI 

For Sale 
'67 Mustang Fastback 
excel. condo green, 390 
COBRA, eng. 4 barrel good 
year ralley mags 41,000 
miles. Call 453·0254 after 6 
p.m. (5-4) 
WATER BEDS Transluscent 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
selection, shapes and lizes: 
6'x7' King size $3".50. twinsize 
$29.50. Call 222-9175 after 5 
p.m. (5 / 7) 
'67 VW camper Ikombi with 
radio Cherry condition 753. 
7906.51800. (4-23) 
Seymour would be driving a 
1960 Hillman Minx if he 
hadn't shot himself, Now 
you can own on. too. Call 
4U-6650. 
A lETTER IEDI King lize water 
bed. $55.00 The Water Hole, 
.. 282 EI Cajon Blvd., 210-2611 . 
AUTO FOIsALI, 63 VAUINT V-
200 AUTOMATIC, RADIO, 
34,000 MILlS ONI ~ 
$600. CALL .. 53-262. ("'27) 

NOll VIINV!)IQ .11='Old-NON 


