
• I 
Volume 16�Number13 ________________________ U~n~;~ve~r~s~;ty~o~f~C~a~lif~o~rn~;~a~/~Sa~n~D~;e.g~o~ ______________________ T~u~es_d~a~y/~~~y~9,~1~9~7~2 

Provost Wat~on Responds to Charges 
Corrie Rickey 

Third College Provost Joseph 
Watson said yesterday, " efforts have 
been geared to increase participation" 
of Mexican American, Native 
American and Asian-American 
students at the college. 

Watson was responding to charges 
made by MECHA and other groups 
within Third College that "Watson's 
actions this year have been totally 
inconsistent with the ideals and spirit 
in which Third College was founded ." 

Meanwhile, about 100 pickets 
marched in front of Chancellor 
McElory's office for a half-bour in the 
morning yesterday, to protest the 
Chancellor's lack of response about the 
Watson matter. Pickets included 
faculty members, students and staff. 

When the Chancellor's statement 
(which appears, in full , at right) was 
released at 10:30 a.m., the pickets 
ceased marching. Many gathered at 
Me building 506 for a short discussion 
and to hear the Chancellor 's 
statement . 

Black student groups have not issued 
any public statement durine this 

controversy. Herb Hunter, a Third 
College student, told the TRITON 
TIMES, "Black students are being 
heard from by virtue of their actions ; 
they haven't taken part in the whole 
thing en masse. It's not just because 
(Dr. Watson ) is black." 

Hunter suggested that "The political 
immaturity of the teachers and 
students at, Third College is the cause. 
I'm not (trying) to protect Watson, I'm 
just trying to show these people what 
their political actions are going to 
bring. They are going to end up 
destroying (Third College), not 
changing it. " 

The Asian-American caucus, in 
conjunction with the native American 
caucus released a statement declaring 
Watson, "unresponsive to our concerns 
and at times he has blocked attempts 
to address our concerns. We feel our 
lack of participation will remain in the 
future under his leadership." 

MECHA, an association of Chicanos, 
charges that the present Third College 
self-governance denies students a 
decision-making voice. 

Also in the MECHA message : "We 
who have worked so hard to build the 
college and who accepted Provost Joe 

Watson in good faith, now have found 
ourselves in the position of having to 
ask for his resignation." 

The main objection of the three 
dissenting groups at Third College is 
that the Provost has, under present 
bylaws, veto power over the entire 
Third College Council. 

The present board consists of the 
Provost, two professors and three 
students: a black, a chicano, and one 
student who is neither black nor brown 
(called an "other"). 

Now the Asian-American Caucus, 
the Native American Caucus and 
MECHA are asking for two more 
student seats on the Board and one seat 
for a Teaching Assistant. Also 
requested is that measures vetoed by 
Watson can be superseded by a 2/3 
majority vote of the board of directors. 

Watson responded to the allegations 
and requests by saying : "My sincere 
belief as provost is that I've the 
function to permit minority self-
dtermination at UCSD and the UC 
system as a whole. I'm aware of my 
mistakes and that things could have 
been better, however the majority of 
actions and discussions have been of 
benefit to minority people at UCSD.·' 

David Harris Discusses Anti-War Movement 
Rick Drom 

David Harris, noted antiwar 
spokesman. appeared in the Revelle 
cafeteria to talk about moves to end 
the war. He told the crowd new facts 
about the war in Southe3,'lt Asia and 
urged support of a state initiative to 
end it. Before his speech. Harris gave 
Ian interview over KSDT and talked 
about his background. 

Harris. a former Stanford student 
body president. has been working to 
end the Vietnam war for over four 
years. After speaking against the war 
Cor a long time he "backed his words" 

• 

e· . , . 

at 

by returning his draft card. Because of 
this action he spent 20 months in a 
federal prison. But he never stopped 
speaking out against military actions. 

The audience in the cafeteria last 
Thursday was completely silent as 
Harris described what Americans are 
doing in Vietnam. He said that 
"Vietnamization consists of replacing 
American troops with machines." 

Compllter War 
Now the U.S. is fighting the war 

with computers, unmanned drones and 
bombers instead of foot soldiers. 
according to Harris. Sensors. dropped 
by airplanes. relay enemy movements 
to computers. Computers then set up 
bombing plans and either launch 
drones or direct bomber attacks. 

In the case of drones. the U.S. just 
programs the computers and they do 
the rest. Our machines decide who to 
bomb. how to bomb. and perform the 
missions automatically. says Harris. 

The U.S. military is only a little 
closer to the process with bombers. 
Today all pilots do is take off and land 
the bombers. A computer sets the 
course and releases the bombs when 
the plane is over target. 

Harris charged that Americans are 
soothing their consciences by letting 
their military machines fight the war. 
Even tbough they bought the 
machines. set them up and paid for 
them daily. their responsibility is 
lOII'Iehow diminished. To support his 
arpmentJ Harris _dilCUued the 
iller.silll ferocity of bombinc in 
Southeast Asia . 

In the first three Ihonths of this year, 
before the current offensive began. 
there were 93.000 sorties flown over 
Southeast Asia . This is more. 
according to Harris. than the total 
flown in both 1970 and 1971 combined. 
More tonnage has been dropped in this 
war than in World War II and the 
Korean War combined. 

The weapons used have also changed 
a little. For example. last year steel 
fragmentation bombs were abandoned 
in favor of fiberglass ones. The reason 
is that fiberglass can't be detected by 
X-raymachines. If vou Ret hit by a 

Coatlll.ed 011 P.,e 3 

DavW Harris, .uti·War advocate It 
VCSO .... .,Hk. 

Chancellor Makes Statement 
In the past two week there has been criticism by some 

members of the Third College commumty again t the 
administration and leadership of that college. 

Since the issue cal'l1e td the surface . .my associates and I have 
been in constant discussion with many of the students and 
faculty of Third College and I am optimistic that it can be 
resolved. I am willing to meet with any group to di cuss the 
problem. 

At this point I find insuffiCient evidence to support the 
charges against Provost Watson . He enjoy my full confidence 
and will remain as provost. 

I have made a positive suggestion to re olve the IS ue 
through the formation of a speCial faculty- tudent committee. 
Until we can find better alternatives. thl committee will 
function to advise Dr. Watson. Dr. Wat on and I actively olicit 
better mechanisms for achieving the goal of Third College. 

It is critical that we expand exi tlng programs and lart new 
ones for Third College and attract the nece sary per onnel to 

, achieve our objective. I believe this committee is one way to 
help Provost Watson accelerate our efforts to achieve ucce s 

I deeply support the concept of Third College Becau e it IS 
such a bold experiment in minority educatIOn . It IS mevitable 
that sincere differences of opiOion Will be expre sed. But I 
know that everyone involved is committed to the success of the 
college, and I believe that rational dl cus Ion Will prevail. 

W.O. McElroy 

Murphy Announces 
Another Referendum 

Molly Selvin 

After many weeks of 
deliberating, George Murphy, 
vice-chancellor and dean of 
student affairs announced that 
another referendum will be 
conducted through the mail. 
Beginning thiS week, It will 
clarify last quarter 's vote 
concerning voluntary AS fees . 
Murphy feels that neither the 
Associated Students nor the 
Coalition for a Voluntary AS 
made clear the consequences 
of a voluntary AS during the 
referendum last quarter. 
Therefore he feels thata second 
vote is in order to clarify just 
what programs the' students 
wish to support in the 
upcoming year. 

The ballots for this vote will 
be mailed by the end of this 
week and must be returned bv 
Friday, May 19. . 

The referendum hopes to 
determine whether students 

would favor the imposition of a 
student activities fee beginmng 
next quarter. If students favor 
such a fee , the referendum will 
help to decide which activities 
presently supported by AS 
funds that students wish to 
support with thi fee . The 
referendum lists all presently 
supported AS activities and 
asks students whether they 
wish to eliminate, decrease, 
maintain or increase support 
for these actitivities with the 
student activity fee . 

At present, registration 
materials for the fall quarter 
have been mailed to all 
students stipulating the 
payment of the present AS fee 
of $6. Dean Murphy said that 
this fee must be paid along with 
registration fees and tuition 
fees by September 26, 1972, but 
that the fee will be refunded in 
the fall if there is no upport 
for the student activity fee . 

Muir Elections Results 

Muir ElectIOn were held la t week Tho e elected to the 
Muir College CounCil Include . Le Paver. LlOcoln Cu hmg and 
Stephanie Ham . Congratulation · 



Escalation Meeting Tonight 
A meeting to talk about the probability of further escalation 

of the Vietnam war by the u.s. government will be held tonight 
at 8:00 P.M. in the 11th floor of Tioga. Possible responses 
including a city-wide demonstration will be discussed. All 
people interested in PLANNING anti-war activities are invited 
to attend. The meeting is sponsored by campus mobilization 
Committee. 

Robert Vaughn to Speak 
Is the New Nixon still the red-baiter of the SO's? What does 

the McCarthy Era in perspective say about present trends in 
repression? 

These and other questions will be explored by Robert 
Vaughn. speaking Thursday at I p.m. on Revell!' Plaza. Vaughn 
recently completed his doctoral thesis on the McCarthy Era. 
and has published his findings ,in the book ONL Y VICTIMS. His 
appearance is sponsored by the UCSD Students for McGovern. 

Selective Service Changes 
The Selective Service System in mid-March issued its last 

major group of Regulation changes and thus ended more than 
two years of- almost constant reform in draft policies and 
registrant rights . The Regulations concern procedures for 
personal appearances and appeals, among other subjects. The 
issuance of the new Regulations removed the administrative 
hold on personal appearances and appeals which had been in 
effect since late 1971 . 

The Regulat ions set a IS-day time limit following the mailing 
of a Notice of Classification card in which a registrant must 
request a local board personal appearance or an appeal. When 
he demonstrates that his failure to respond within 15 days was 
due to reasons beyond his control . his local board may grant an 
extension of the IS-day period . The new Regulations also 
require local and appeal boards to give a registrant at least 15 
days notice of his scheduled personal appearance before his 
local or appeal board. Another change announced gives a 
registrant who is under a long postponement of induction 
the right to receive consideration from his local board for a 
reopening of his classification to hear claims for exemption. 
deferment, or conscientious objector status. 

Independent Primary Vote 
Those young voters unwilling to af£iliate with a particular 

political party would still be able to I'ote in primary elections if 
Assembly Bill 1188 noll' before the California Legislature 
passes. 

The bill . authored by San Bernardmo Assemblyman Jerry 
Lewis. calls for "a blanket pflmary." in which each voter may 
cast his ballot for any primary candidate regardless of political 
affiliation . Further. the bill would remove those provisions in 
existmg I~w prohibiting non-partisans from participating in the 
primary . 

" In other words. a Republ iran or an independent could vote 
for a Democrat in the primary elertion but the Democrat could 
win only his own part.I··s nommation no matter how many 
Republican or Independents voted lor him." he explained . 

Voters would decide which primar~' they will vote in for each 
particular ofhce. The~' ma~' switch parties for different 
offices. but cannot VOle 10 more than one primary for any 
specific offiec. 

Assembly Bill 1188 will be hea rd belore the Assembly 
Elections and Reapportionment Committee. Supporter of the 
measure acknowledge strong committ ee opposition. Youthful 
support of the propo al is needed for passage. 

Those wishing to co nment on the bill are urged to write as 
soon as pos Ible to any of the following members of the 
Elections and Reapportionment Committee Iletters can be 
sent to the State Capitol. Sacramento. California 95814 1: Henry 
Waxman IChairman I . Jerry Lewis I Vice Chairman I. John 
Briggs. Willie Brown . Ken'neth Cory. Roberl Crown. Jack 
Fenton. Alex Garcia. \\'all el' Karabian . Bob Monagan. Carlos 
Moorhead. Bob i\loretti . Paul Priolo. Leon Ralph. and ;'\ewton 
Russell. 

Veter¢ns Hold Conference 
This pas' weekend . :\Iay 6 and i . Ca lliornia college Veterans 

attended a conference at Fresno Citl' College at which it was 
decided 10 fUi III d u;"litlon ot It>p yanous groups presenl to 
establish oll)municatlons and to pressure Ihe Legll.ldlure to 
act on legl~ lat ion before it . 

The two 'TI lin Bills that were top pflorit~· were AB436 in the 
state Asse11.ly and SB2169 In Ih(' r S Senale. both of which 
have been uried in committee. 

A 8436 wollid give each \'jet :\alll "eteran $100.00 from Ihe 
slate for (a(,\1 month spcnt in a batt Ic zone The 1,; .S. Senate 
Bill will rals the \ 'ct('rans bencfits 10 $220.00 monthly for 
single. $265.00 for lIlarried . 5305.00 for one dependent. and 
$20.00 for each additIOnal dept'ndent I Ihe House version of this 
Bill was pa sed unanim'lusly by Ihe House I . 

An organized effort IS being carried on In the San Diego 
Count,· Area and 1110re mfonnaUon Will be put out at a later 
date for organization at our campus. For more information call 
Michael Reed 453~43i . 

Page 2 Triton Times May 9, 1972 

Medical (are: Art or Science? 
To Be Dis(ussed Wednesday 

Tommy CafimH 

"Medical Care: Art or 
Science?" will be the nen topic 
of the UCSD Biomedical 
Lecture Series to be belel 

. Wednelday, May 10 ata p_m. in 
tbe Leonard D. Garren 
Auditorium. located in the 
Basic Science Buildinl. 

The featum speaker win be 
Dr. Robert E. Coote. M.D .• 
Professor of Pediatrics and 
director of the Department of 
Pediatrics at Johns Hopkins 
University School of Med icine. 

Dr. Cooke. who is a Yale 
University School of Medicine 
graduate. has an outstanding 
and distinguished professional 
background in the field of 
pediatrics. 

In 1956 Dr. Cooke was 
appointed as professor of 
pediatrics. at Johns Hopkins 
University and pediatrician-in-
chief at John Hopkins Hospital. 

At present. Dr. Cooke 
functions as a consultant in the 
area of pediatrics. serving 
numerous hOspitals in the 
Baltimore. Maryland. vicinity. 

Observing that the delivery 

of healtb care Is be", actiyely 
.tudied by plly.lctau, 
p.ycbolott.ts, aociolotlsts. 
ecooomiItI, and Itatiltic:iaDl, 
Dr. Coote will espand upon Ids 
view that, "TIle acceptability 
of care MeIDl to be determined 
by a large number of variables 
operatial liDely or In c:oocert. 
Several, which are difficult to 
quantitate. involve 
professional and personality 
cbaracteristics of the 
physician." 

Furthermore. "Customs and 
habits rather than modem 
technolotY seem to dominate 
medical care operation," says 
Dr. Cooke. 

In terms of efficient and 
economical bealth care 
delivery. Dr. Cooke says, 
"Serious deficiencies exist in 
the efficient use of personnel 
and facilities. particularly in 
outpatient care. and they lead 
to serious loss of economy of 
operation ... 

Since 1962. Dr. Cooke has 
been Given Foundation 
Professor of Pediatrics at 
Johns Hopkins. "Emphasis of 
the Given Foundation is on 

Anti-War Activities Planned 
Sill Moltz 

Last Sunday the San Diego 
area Indochina Action 
Committee held a meeting to 
plan a nti -war activities . 
Recent indications that 
President Nixon plans to 
further escalate the war gained 
increased credibility when it 
was learned through Radio 
Hanoi that mines had been laid 
around lhe entrance to 
Haiphong harbor. Earlier UPI 
had reported that American 
marines were poised for a 
landing below the DMZ. and 
that a U.S. Security Council 
meeting involving most of the 
President's lop advisers was 
planr.ed for May 8. President 
Nixon also made it clear that 
he was willing to increase the 
bombing of Haiphong and 

IHanoi. when he stated that he would do whatever was 
necessary to " protect 
American troops." All of these 
indications make it necessary 
for the people in this country to 

increase their resistance to the 
Nixon Administration 's war 
policies. according to a 
spokesman for the Indochina 
Action Committee. 

People in attendance 
unanimously agreed to hold a 
demonstration Tuesday, May 
16. The meeting, which was 
well attended, chose 
representatives from UCSD, 
San Diego State, City College, 
Ocean Beach. and Golden Hills 
to serve on a coordinating 
committee. 

Plans to make the 
demonstrations as large as the 
one held on May 4 were 
formulated . A city-wide 
newspaper will be distributed 
this week. People at their 
schools and in their 

!commu nilies will spread 
information about the 
demonstration. At UCSD. a 
planning meeting will be held 
at 8 p.m. in the lounge on the 
lith noor of Tioga. 

medical reaearch. education 
and rebabilitation of tbe 
handicapped. and child bealth 
programs." 

The public is invited to an 

admillion-free lecture 
sponIOI'eCI by !be UCSD School 
of Medicine. Pre-med under-
graduates are encouraged to 
attend. 

Lo 10110 Walk for 
.Brotherhood, May 21 

. Children from La Jolla's minority community must attend 
nursery school in facilities at the Congregational Church. on 
Cave at Ivanhoe. These children hope to walk in !be "La Jolla 
Walk for Brotherhood" and earn money to help build a 
community center for La Jolla 's minority community. 

The " Walk for Brotherhood" will be beld on Sunday. May 21. 
SOFA (Strongly Oriented for Action). a group dedicated to the 
improvement of conditions for minority people in La Jona, is 
sponsoring the walk . 

La Jolla children will sign up sponsors. who will pledge to 
pay them a certain amount for each mile walked. The l~mile 
walk will begin between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. on May 21 at the 
SOFA House. 7St7 Cuvier Street. The walkers' route will take 
them past the site of a proposed low-income housing 
development. over Mt. Soledad. along Torrey Pines Boulevard, 
past the present SOFA nursery school at Cave and Ivanhoe. 
through the neighborhood where most of the minority children 
live. and back to SOFA beadquarters. Walkers' cards will be 
stamped at several check-points along the l~mile route . 

After the walk. marcbers will call upon sponsors to collect 
pledges made. The funds collected from the "Walk for 
Brotherhood" will be used to help build a mulli-purpose 
building to house SOFA 's many projects. Most urgent among 
SOFA 's needs is a place to house a day-care center for children 
of working mothers. Rev. Lonnie Wormley, director of SOFA. 
also explained that the building would house meeting rooms. 
youth recreational facilities, a nursery school. counseling and 
tutoring rooms. and a library. 

A unique aspect of this year's walk is that an anonymous La 
Jolla donor has agreed to match. dollar for dollar. funds raised 
by the march. up to $40.000. Members of tbe community have 
already begun signing up pledges. SOFA urges anyone 
interested in being a walker, or in sponsoring a walker. to call 
SOFA headquarters on weekday mornings. 459-0272. or to 
inquire at the SOFA office. 7517 Cuvier Street. La Jolla. 

Scripps Entertains Visitors From Ensenada School 
H h C h speaking People-to-People guides. showed the observations and plans for anna 0 en I I I d' Th ' h ed The open house consisted of the sea eve cana stu les. IS s ow 

On Friday, May 5. the faculty and 
staff of S cripps Institution of 
Oceanography entertained the students 
and facully of the Escucla Superior de 
Ciencias, Ensenada , as part of the 
laller's annual visil. The program 
lasted from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

The program began with the arrival 
at the aquarium-museum. Then there 
was an official welcome by Director 
Nierenberg at the Sumner Auditorium , 
,and a people-to-people welcome of the 
guests . A film was then presented 
entitled .. Antar ctic Expedition on 
Alpha-Helix. " 

From 12 to 1 p.m. a marine biology 
seminar was held at the Sumner 
Auditorium where Ensenada students 
presented their own papers and slides. 
Some topics discussed were 
neur"physiology. ecology-plankton, 
ecology-berthic, microbiology. plant 
physi ology, a nd inver tebr ate 
physiology . 

At 1 p.m. "La Comida" was hosted 
by People-to-People on th~ Sumner 
Auditorium patio. This COnsISted of a 
lunch for both tbe Scripps faculty and 
the visitors . 

At 2 there was a tour of La Jolla for 
tile faculty wives, who were escorted 
by People-to-People . Meanwhile. 
groups of ltudents and their profeaors 
were invited to an open house 
sponsored by the professors of Scripps. 
The visitors were escorted by Spanlsh-

visiting of eleven facilities throughout the ecology which would result from 
the Scripps Institution. Mr. LaBord. direct contact between tbe Atlantic 
Research Associate in charge of and Pacific Oceans. This way different 
analytical facility allowed visitors to species of fish can meet. Mr . Chase. 
view the institution's analytical associate specialist, showed some 
facilities. This is where ocean charts and geophysical records which 
specimens are prepared for study. were compiled by him from routine 

Another research oceanographer data collected on the Scripps' ships. 
exhibit consisted of physical Mr . Stewart, chief diving officer. 
oceanography and oceanographic data showed a diving locker. Scripps has a 
in order to show properties of the training program for their own divers 
ocean and their distribution. Mr. as well as divers from other places. It 
Dockins. museum scientist for is a six week program which includes 
vertebrate collection. displayed his lect~res on phisology . and diving 
vertebrate collection for viewing by equIpment. pool and fInally ocean 
the visitors. Mr . Snyder. museum training. Divi~ certificates are 
scientist for vertebrate collection, awarded accordIng to what depth a 
displayed the plankton collection. Here diver is able to dive ~ too. It takes 
many jars of specimens could be seen about a year to qualify to go to the 
and several microscopes were set up . deepest points. . 
Dr. Lewin·s. proCessor of biology, 'Mr: ~owell, development engllleer 
exhibit included work in microbiology who IS In charge of the bydraulic lab. 
and nerve physiology. conducted the viewilll of the Hydraulic 

Mr. Abbott. a development engineer Facility. This facility consists ?f • 
engineer who is in charge of ship board number of large tanks. These are faIled 
computers. permitted the viewing of with sea water and wave experiments 
the shipboard computer. This are conducted in them. 
computer is identical to \hose uJed on After the open house toun of the 
Scripps' ships. Mr. SchwartziOle, the Scripps facilities , everyone met at the 
academic administrator. hid a display north Scripps' parking lot .nd were 
. of deep sea phototr'ap/ll. The display etCorted to .the lOCCer field where I 
was blghlighted by pbotop'aphs of soccer ,ame WII played In the cbarge 
many u ... sual fishes, such a. a nine of Bert Kobayalbl . 'I'be1Iay then ended 
foot shart which il only found in deep in a undwlch buffet at tbe 
water. International center bolted by People 

Dr. Newman, prof. of oceanocraphy, to People. 

Steinem, Nader Col1 for "Revolution"; "Reform" 

Gloria Stet.., w .... eII'. Ullentlea advoca&e, claata wi~ 
Triton Tim" re,erter Kevl. 01 ... _ 

K.vin Olson 
Gloria Steinem and Ralph Nader. two political figures well 

known to college students. were tbe keynote speakers at the 
25th annual convention of the Western States Advertising 
Agencies Association (WSAAA) last weekend. The convention. 
held at the Hotel Del Coronado. featured Ms. Steinem with a 
series of minority-group speakers on Friday. and Mr. Nader 
with a series of attorneys. businessmen and journalists on 
Saturday. 

Ms. Steinem. a prominent figure in the women's liberation 
movement who has been characterized by M~aIl's as a 
"reluctant superstar," based her talk on the relations between 
advertising and the women's movement. She emphasized that. 
although "advertising is an important form of education. and 
can be a positive service," she was greatly repulsed by the 
"sex ist advertising" found in the media. As examples. she 
Ci ted the Certs breathmint commercial (" Will be kiss you 
again""). the Folgers coffee commercial ("where a girl's 
success as a woman depends on wbether or not she can make 
good coffee"), and the "ring around the collar" laundry ad 
"where the female is again presented as a brainless slave." 

Steinem outlined the women's movement in historical 
perspective : "Women were probably the first subjugated 
people, forced to do the work men didn't want to do." The tasks 
assigned to the domestic female - cleaning. washing, raising 
children - she characterized succinctly as "shitwork." She 
pointed out "the close parallels between sexism and racism in 

history. the primary examples of which are tbe myths of 
passivity. weakness and sexuality that have been assigned to 
both women and blacks in American society." 

Asked to state her hopes for tbe achievements that can be 
made in the near future. Miss Steinem replied : "Tbe situation 
should be this. ideally - except for those jobs which 
specifically require a penis or a vagina. the job market should 
be open to aiL" She concluded ber speech WIth the statement 
that "women 's liberation is not reform. but is the deepest and 
longest-lasting revolution of our time ... 

Twenty-four hours later, consumer crusader Ralph Nader 
gave a speech emphasizing that "what this society needs is not 
revolution. but major reform." Nader. who has charged the 
advertising business with being "engaged in an epidemic 
campaign of marketing fraud " and with doing " more to 
subvert and destroy the market system in this country than 10 
Kremlins ever dreamed of ." cited several examples of 
"fraudulent. misleading advertising" before the roomful of 
advertising executives. Among these were the automobile ad 
which promises that its model "is improved 105 ways this 
year." when in reality " most of these 105 ways were 
insignificant changes in interior decor. and the like ." and the 
vacation-resort ads which "utilize sexual allusions and 
paradisical imagery to attract and seduce the consumer." 

Nader stated that, although he advocates rigorous 
government control of business and industry. he is nol opposed 
to free enterprise: "We must realize, however, that the sole 
justification for free enterprise is that the consumer is given 
tbe freedom to accept or reject the goods of the market-place. 
If the giant corporations were broken up Into competitive 
companies this might work. But there is always the problem 
that the consumer often cannol judge wisely - for the 
instance. he cannot tell between pure orange juice and that 
which is 5 per cent diluted with water." 

Nader emphasized the distinction between "private 
consumption" of "manufactured desires. such as deoderants 
which express the corporate ideology of 'why wash it if you can 
spray it· ... and "public consumption, such as working on 
pollution. safety. etc." Nader concluded his speech with the 
recommendation that businesses become more "self-critical" 
and "self-disciplined": "In the medical profession. physicians 
vow to work to prevent disease even though more disease 
would bring more business. Professions such as advertising 
could learn from the more traditional. more ethical 
professions such as medicine." 

After the events. one of the WSAAA organizers was asked 
why a group of businessmen would invite speakers - a 
women's liberationist and a reformer who advocates drastic 
changes in tbe structure of business enterprise - who in many 
ways stand in direct opposition to their beliefs. He told the 
TIMES. " Well. we like to hear all sides of an issue. And 
besides. we are advertisers, and they do make good copy." 

~ 
't-

Mayor Announces Foreign Pol icy 
Corrie Rickey 

Los Angeles is no longer the 
only California municipality 
with its own foreign policy : San 
Diego 's foreign policy, 
announced by Mayor Pete 
Wilson at a Friday press 
conference. is strongly in favor 
of the total " Vietnamization" 
of Vietnam. and Wilson is 
optimistic about getting out of 
Vietnam very soon. 

The major topic of the 
conference was tbe San Diego 
loss of the Republican 
Convention. The mayor felt 
that the GOP was "lucky to get 
San Diego," and that the 
convention would have been a 
" mixed blessing" for San 
Diego . In lieu of the 
convention, Wilson has 
proclaimed the week of Aug. 21 
as "The week of San Diego, 
America 's Finest City." 

Wilson spoke about 

commended Wil son. "Chief 
Hoobler received halI a dozen 
calls from members of the 
news media , praising the police 
action in the demonstration." 
When asked whether or not he 
thought demonstra tions were 
an cffective form of protest. 
Wilson responded." ot very .. . 

the government should not 
respond to the rear of the 
crowd." 

Recently. the San Diego 
Police Department purchased 
a Cleet of Japanese 
motorcycles in lieu of the 
regulation Harley-Davidson·s. 
Questioned about the wiseness 
of this purchase when the 
United States was facing a 
1!T3VP nroblpm of balancine its 
imports and exports. Wilson 
responded, "I wanted tu give 
the San Diego taxpayers the 
most for their money." 

Comm Board Considers TT 
"Yellow Journalism" 

Thursday 's demonstration 
downtown with praise for both 
the police department and the 
demonstrators. "There was 
good behavior on both sides," 

Barraged with further 
questions about the United ' 
Slates and Vietnam, Wilson 
concluded, "Foreign policy is 
the proper precinct of the 
president and Congress." 

John Maxwell 

The UCSD Communications 
Board . publisher of the 
TRITON TIMES. is in the 
proces s of considering 
complaints by two individuals 
accusing the TT of "yellow" 
journalism. lack. of objectivity 
and incomplete coverage of the 
incidents surrounding the 
alle ged disruption of 
Congressman John Ashbrook's 
appearance on campus April 7. 
Montgomery Reed. William 
Maltz, and Manuel de Jesus 
Hernandez. both charged wi(h 
"dis rupting" Ashbrook's 
speech. claim in seperate 
com plaints that their case has 

David Harris ... 
Continued from P .. e 1 

been unfairly treated. 
Reed's complaint centers 

arou nd the use of the word 
"disruption" being used in the 
headline, "Charges, Counter-
charges filed over Speech 
Disruption." Reed feels that 
this headline reaches a 
conclusion as to whether or not 
a disruption in the Il'gal sense 
of tbe word actually nccurred 
at the speech~'ThiS:'Reed says 
"is the main thing that is to be 
determined in the Student 
Conduct Committee Hearing! " 

Reed asserts that because 
the article was prepared by 
John MacGreggor, one of the 
students who has filed charges 
against Reed, that the article 

fiberglass fragment the doctm- just has to dig until he finds it. 
Other weapons like napalm and phosphorus bombs. defolients 

and explosive bombs are also used. These have made one-
quarter of Southeast Asia's usable land. unusable ; half of the 
popula tion homeless . 

At one time the Plain of Jars had a population of 50,000. Now, 
after extensive U.S. bombing. no one lives there. After viewing 
this type of situation Harris agreed that it is not a war. 

"It's not a war . it's a massacre." he told the crowd. "How can 
Americans claim that they are fighting for liberty, justice and 
self-determination and burn the hands of( of children? " Pec"_ "tlatlve 

In order to end this situation Harris urged students to sign and 
circulate an initiatiYe to show the public sentiment against the 
War . The petition calls for Il the immediate end to tbe bombing 
of Southeast Asia ; 2l withdrawal of all military support ; 31 
state officials to use all their power to keep California taxes 
from being used in the war eClor!. 

The initiative needs 325.000 signatures of registered voters in 
thiS state if it is to be put on tbe ballot. In this way tbe people of 
California will be able to voice their opposition to present 
foreign policy. In effect, .they will set our foreip policy . 

In a news conference Fridly, rayor WillOn of SIIn Dieao 
spoke about tbe initiative. He aid that be _pported the idea 
tbat the war IIIoukl end bat c:oukI not eadDne the Initiative. He 
felt that fm-elp policy deciaioallboukl be IMde by Coacreu. 
Thus be doubled !be efficacy of.cb aD I.tiatlve. 

was non-objective. He did not . 
however . give any examples 
from the article of non-
objectivity. His complaint 
centered around the use of the 
wor:l disruption in the headline, 
not written by MacGreggor. 
The use of the word disruption 
in the rest of the article was 
confined to reporting the 
allegations that a legal 
disruption did take place. 

Reed concludes asking for 
the suspension of publication of 
the IT and the firing of City 
Editor David Buchbinder. In 
addition , Reed states, 
" TRITON TIMES is guilty of 
subtly building the case against 
Maltz, Reed, and Hernandez 
in the eyes of the campus 
community by stooping almost 
all tbe way down to outright 
lying." 

Hernandez ' complaint. not 
yet considered at a Comm. 
Board meeting, alleges that the 
TT has sla nted the coverage of 
the charges resulting from 
Ashbrook 's appearance. to 
ignore the charges that he has 
,filed against Frank Phillips and 
·MacGrcggor . Hernandez 
suggests that the reason for ~hiS is that the TT is prejudiced gainst him because he is a hicano or that the TT is being 
used by one or two students for 
personal purposes. Hernandez 
charges that Phillips co-
authored the story with 
MacGreggor. This statement 
was repudiated by Phillips and 
TT editors at the last Comm . 
Board meeting. 

Hernandez has noted to one 
or tbe TT city editors that his 
complaint cOuld be satisfied 
with more complete coverale 
of thecharces be hi. made. 

~1Y\i, W1 10 
S~ - 'R)'e£RT ~HES2 ~I~ 

OtJ t\enJA~\'ZA1'oJ ~biN£ "'~ ~ 
4 PM - ec.c~,~e ,~~ wml 

~~,~ ~Rl~ 

4\2~ - ~~'b \-\~~R.~ ~\~ ~ 
11-\E ~Q. ~AQ. 

~\l)\.t , MA'! \2 
3 PM II ~"'~'naJ ,.rJl:) Re!>~" 

'" R~,6J oF R«~-r ~-~~LA~o 
A c.1' \\S ,'f'~~ 

, &I a ~tsr fb~I' ~ttiI\l es ~T. ~ 
usreJ '10 ~N lJaJt; 

~'1 A.T 'S',45 fM 
~~l.E'r''''~ "" ~t H~ 

. , . . SSoAM "" IMMet>tta.~ Mel)IA 

May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



Page 4 Triton Ti mes May 9, 1972 

before the bust 
Thursday, May 4, Two 

Years Mter Kent State, a thou-
sand people, - several musi-
cians, some federal and local 
agents, gathered at the foot of 
Broadway. Many marched 
while more watched while 
most did other things. So it 
was on Thursday, May 4, Two 
Years Mter Kent State, in the 
early afternoon. 

In the sky above, there were 
even seagulls and helicopters 
watching waiting, the people 
below who were doing many 
things while across the ocean 

photos: greene 

other people did other things, 
which was mainly the reason 
why these people gathered at 
the foot of Broadway on 
Thursday, May 4, Two Years 
After Kent State, 10 Years 
After An American Died, 18 
Years After 1954, And At Least 
Thirty Years After A Viet-
namese Died, fighting for his 
freedom perhaps, like many 
Americans once did, perhaps. 

But now some sit on the 
other side of the Table. That 
is, perhaps King George III 
didn't fare so badly after all. 

May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



The opinions expressed on these pages are those of the 
luthors whost names appear in the bylines and do not 
necessarily r.tlect the views of the TRITON TIMES. 
Anyone desiring to submit materill to be published on 
these plges should send It to the Editorial Oirector, 
TRITON TIMES, 117 alake HIli. UCSD. 

"W'hat PIRG Means 
To UCSD 

' teve Brault 

A Public Interest Research Union would bring a new dimen· 
sion into the learning methods at UCSD , Not JUST TALKING 
about environmental neglect in biology, corrupt business 
practices In sociology, but actively investigating the offenders 
for rour sociology course and getting credit for it. Imagine 
writIng a term paper that you know will be acted on - not just 
read by a T,A, and filed away. 

Imagine students uniOniZIng for social improvement and 
hiring professionals to help! 

The r~ason th~t so f!lany companies and individuals can get 
away With unfair bUSiness practices and exploitations of the 
land at the public 's expense, is because no INDIVIDUAL has 
the money or energy to investigate these offenders and make a 
case throught the tediouw and expensive legal system, That's 
where PIRG can be so effective, 

Wbere Would tbe Money go? 
Each dollar in PIRG's treasury will go about twice as far in 

our student hands than It would in anyone else 's because most 
of the services needed by PIRG are free . We have excellent 
labs and equipment for biological research at our disposal and 
interested fac~Ity to give knowl~ge and help to us free . Many 
research projects could be Incorporated into sociology, 
economics and science 199's giving students a chance to do 
somethign relevant and worthwhile while working toward their 
degree . 

We can hire fulltime professionals (lawyers, a coordinator, 
perhaps an economist, etc. 1 to aid us in our research and act on 
the results. That is, when we have evidence against some 
company's practices. we've got people behind us with the right 
credentials to take the offender to court. In addition, this small 
core of professionals would give continuity to the efforts 
guaranteeing that all our projects don 't die when finals and 
vacations come. As has been shown by other student.PIRGs 
that have recently been formed , there are many of the top. 
notch lawyers and professionals concerned and dedicated 
enough to work fulltime for Iell than half salary , 

Unhke so many other organizations, PIRG is efficient 
enough to make our dollars stretch - for four dollars a vear. 
best deal we ma~' ever make! ' 

triton times 
Ed i lur-i 11-( :hi4' f 
Cit· Etlitur 
\lu·' I • ..,:inlo( Etlilur 
CUl ~ Editor 
Bu· int'" \1 unuJ(('r 
EdituriaIUirt,(·tur 
\ rl. t:ditur 
SIIIlrl' Etlitur 

Ph"h'J(rullh~ E,litflr 

'Inlh S,·" in 
"a\ld HUli,l,ind,'r 

Can" Sharit'k 
Chu('~ (;ruham 

Tr'rr\ IIarak 
\1 ark' Siefl:eI 
Curri(' Iti,'k,·\ 

'lih Italh 
Jilt' Ea-tnn 

l h. fl"ON flMlS ~ off,( ,olly 'Kognued and ,vppo,ted a ••• tud.nt 
M"' ''POpt'f by the CommunicotlOn, &oo,d of 'he Un .... " .t)' of Co~fOfnlO 
Son O" go Bv,ld,ng1~. Mon",w. (o",pu •. Lo Jollo. (ol, lo,n,o 92037' 
P",bll(ot.on '\ """tel weekly on r..,.WSoys. and Fridays. Offl"s. ort «olld 
'" .oom 11 7 l lo'. Holi. on tho R."II. (amp •• fo, od •• ,t,.,ng phon., 
453-2000. X 1017. 1", ed,t"".I •• now. phon. X 1016 

Page 6 Triton Times May 9, 1972 

Opinion 
Lily Seawolf 

On April 22 in Los Angeles some 
10,000 odd individuals came together to 
make a mass affinnation that Life is 
more powerful than the Pentagon. 
Universal Underdogs, Inc. coalesced to 
declare that it was getting out from 
under so the Overdogs of the 
Ugliopulent Ass . can have no one to 
bomb but themselves. Has anyone ever 
checked the rate of illness (unto death) 
among flight captains, five-star 
generals, helocopter manufacturers, 
Dow ~hemists . missile makers,tulli· 
frutti pineapple, guava, mango vita· 
cide bomb deSigners? Can anyone 
imagine what keeps Nixon alive? If a 
masochist draws his destroyer, is the 
compliant sadist still not guilty? 

lighter than the bomb-bammer of 
annihilation? Can the gift of being be 
accepted without someone else taking 
it away'! Can we walk that lonesome 
valley - tall and confident in the 
darkness - lighting our path with our 
own eyes, and no one else's? Is 
everyday paradise possible? Are there 
planes of positive slope, gradual and 
kind, if difficult , that never drop 
bombs? Can we be alive without the 
thought of irresolvable conflict, self-
contained and self-conlrolled, capable 
of non-violent tuning to other life, 
making harmony, non·antagonistic , 
compassionate, superior to ignorant, 
anti-vital engineering? 

will work, Crowds of frantic couriers 
cause a 72·hour traffic jam. A national 
emergency. Aircraft carriers are 
universally mutinied and hi·jacked to 
Hawaii. Due to circumstances beyond 
the government's control, the war has 
stood still. The enemy land has 
changed its status; has turned into the 
Land of Green Ginger and floated into 
a mental region of the earth magically 
sacrasanct and impervious to harm; 
protected by jet·age plastic that 
bullets bounce off, the secret Gardol 
screen against Mr. Mind Rot . , . 

o Vietnam, 0 Vietnam. 
how beautiful is their leaving! 

Hundreds of years of foreign occu-
pation and influenza : China, France. 
Japan, U.S.A. And yet, .. . now .. . , is 
there a chance that now the fact can 
no longer be evaded? Is it possible that 
now the culture has reached the point 

We can be - this is the future - so 
we are . Our heads tingle with plans for 
immediate reconstruction, The pilots 
wonder why the buttons are frozen. 
The helicopters are curiously covered 
with an opaque fog . Meanwhile. back 
in Washington. none of the telephones 

You've saved your self 
and their sins of death. 

affirmed your right 
to take freedom 's breath. 
o Vietnam, 0 Vietnam, 

with death once dead , 
there's no more grieving, 

A Response To Chancellor McElroy's 
Statement On The War 

b) omc of thc" studcnts and indi\ iduals" 

Once again the good will and good faith of members of the 
University community toward an authority figure on this 
campus have been misused , 

On May 2. William McElroy. Chancellor of UCSD released a 
statement during a news conference in answer. he saId , "to the 
request of a number of students and individuals." If. by any 
chance. he is including in this number those who went to his 
house aft~r the Tom Hayden speech. he is totally distorting our 
position and misrepresenting our request. 

The students who demanded a statement from the Chancellor 
addressed themselves to him after a thorough and clear 
presentation of U,S, intervention in Vietnam, Thus , none of 
those students could consider the defense bv the Vietnamese of 
their own lives and land as an "overt invasion." as the Chan-
cellor seems to consider it. People cannot invade their own 
land. For thiS reason. none of those students would place the 
"morally indefensible" bombing of :'rIorth Vietnam in the same 
category as the right to self-determination of the Vietnamese 
people. Those students realize not only that the bombing IS 
morally indefensible. but that it is a war crime. 

The Chancellor equate the desire of the American people 
to end our involvement in the war with support of Nixon's 
policy of troop with drawal. To support Nixon's policy of troop 
withdrawal is to support the replacement of troops by bombs, 
The withdrawal of American troops is part of a " Vietnami-
zation" policy, Vietnam; !ation means an increase in the 
number of casualties for the Indochinese people accompanied 

by a profitable escalation of Americdn technological involve. 
ment in the war . We do not support even this comfortably 
indirect involvement of the United States in Vietnam : rather 
we demand an immediate cessation of all U,S, military and 
ieconomic intervention in Vietnam. 

Chancellor McElroy. instead of calling for an immediate end 
to the bombing and consequent withdrawal of troops, supports 
the bombing of Vietnam until that indefinite date on which 
American troops will finally be withdrawn - and he calls that 
a way to "satisf~' our conscience," Surely we need no further 
demonstration of American moral leader hip in the world than 
is already provitded by the network of American military bases 
and industrial concerns throughout the world . What' is the 
difference between the Chancellor's statement and Nixon's 
policy? 

In conclusion, the Chancellor commends to us the virtues of 
" free speech and lawful assembly :" but as it stands now. is our 
right to free speech and lawful assembly a right to express any· 
thing but support for the government and its atrocities? We 
have seen what happens to people who use their freedom of 
speech. such as the Berrigans. Elizabeth McAlister and Angela 
Davis, 

We hope that the next lime Chancellor McElroy holds a press 
conference to release a statement in response to a request 
from members of the University community. he will be in fact 
responding to our request. ' . 

Some of the "students and individuals " 

Save Our Coast! 
(alifornia (oastal Alliance Initiati\'c for Loastal"rolection 

The coast of California is a magnificent resource - a price' 
less resource that is diminishing every day! Immediate action 
is necessary if we are to prevent more irreversible damage and 
development along our coastline , Your help is vitally needed in 
order to preserve the beaches that are remaining for public use 
and access , 

California has a coastline of over 1,000 miles. This has shrunk 
to only 200 miles available for public use and recreation, Two 
hundred miles of beach for over 20 million people - three 
Inches for every Californian ! If you 've seen the surfing movie 
"Five Summer Stories, " you have an idea of what is in sto~ 
for that remaining 200 miles of public beach : future parking 
lots, future harbor development. future power plants, more 
freeways, and prIVate developments . 

'!ie have a chance now to help protect this remaining 200 
miles of coast - but we need YOU!! If you are a registered 
voter you can sign an INITIATIVE PETITION to put a 
measure on the November ballot to insure protection for our 
public coast. Your help is needed in circulating this petition 
and .getting the signatures of registered voters, Petitions may 
be signed on campus at the McGovern for President table, and 
you may get petitions for soliciting signatures at the DIVING 
LOCKER in Pacific Beach, or at the SIERRA CLUB OFFICE 
at the House of Hospitality in Balboa Park ; or call the Cali· 
fornia Coastal Alliance at 583-5369 for more information. 

The California Coastal Alliance is a coalition of over lOtI 
environmental and civic groups in the state. including : Sierra 
Club, League of Women Voters . Western Surfing Assn ., 
American Assn , of University Women. Friends of the Earth, 
and Planning and Conservation League. Surfer Magazine has 
done a number of favorable articles on the California Coastal 
Alliance and their efforts to protect the public shores. 

This initiative petition, if we gather the needed signatures. 
will place a measure on the :-Jovember ballot for the voting 
public to decide whether California's coast should be saved 
from fat cats and special economic intersts such as oil com· 

panies, power utilities, land developers and the like. The Cali-
fornia Coastal Alliance is also supporting legislation in 
Sacramento again this year, but it may fail again as it has for 
the past three years, Even if it does pass the legislature, 
Reagan will no doubt veto it as he does most environmental 
legislation. . 

So, we have decided to work on another level which bypasses 
both the Legislature and the Governor, That is the Initiative 
process, in which the voters decide on an issue after being 
placed before them on the ballot. We must gather over 500,000 
signatures in California by June I in order to have enough valid 
signatures. Since the legtslature has done lillie to insure 
coastal protection, it must be up to the people!! Please help us 
circulate the petitions. Call us at 583-5369 for more infor· 
mation, or get your petitions at the Diving Locker, or at the 
Sierra Club , 

Sincerely, 

Jim Jacobson, County Co-Chairman, Calif. Coastal Alliance 
Initiative Campaign 

APOLOGY 
The TRITON TIMES wishes to formally and publicly 

apologize to John MacGregor for the publishing of the letter 
entitled "Nazi Sympathizer?" in the TRITON TIMES, Mly fl. 
1972. 

After reconsideration of the content of this letter , the 
TRITON TIMES realizes that It should never have been 
printed, 

This represents a very unfortunate lack of news jud&ement 
on our plrt . Mr. MlcGregor can be allUred that IUCb an 
incident will not occur lIaln. 

Reactions (?) 
Wayne L. Guthrie U3170880 

I felt a variety of reactions upon reading the of:)to use an old cliche) " Two wrongs don't 
quotation of Pam Williams of the Convention make a right." 
Coalition: Further. Miss Williams ' plan lacks practi-

One reaction was a feeling of Jllee. since thIS 
speech lent greater support to a growing 
suspicion on my part that the extreme Left 
and the extreme Right possess more simi· 
larities than dissimilarities in their political 
approaches , With only a few changes in 

wordi~ (for example. from "war and 
racism" to "communism and the Welfare 
State") one could expect this same speech to 
appear as the stereotyped ultra-rea('tionary 
letter to the editor a la San Diego Union-
Tribune. If one is permitted a mathematical 
analogy, the contrast between the extremes of 
the political spectrum is much the same as 
that between positive and negative infinity: 
both are equally remote and incom-
prehensible. but differ only in sign (one 
hesitates to say direction I . 

A far stronger reaction to this statement. 
however. was one of revulsion , A revulsion 
based on several objections. not the lellst of 
which was the lack of logic of her argument. If 
Miss Williams' attack on the "advocates of 
violence and suppression" (my interpretation 
of her position) is grounded in moralistic con· 
siderations·. then how is violence against them 
morally jus\iIied?' It is as if to say that one 
opposes those who suppress us because 
suppression is intrinsically evil - yet the 
principal means of opposing them will be 
suppression! Using a thief to catch a thief may 
be sound policy. but it hardly ends thievery. 

Likewise. I am repulsed by the philosophical 
implications of her argument. Perhaps being a 
student of history has warped my perspective, 
but whenever I encounter an argument 
beginning - " But we're right. " therefore , . 
- visions of inquisitions. witch-huntings , 
crusades . etc .. (all undertaken for the " I/ood " 
of humanity I tend to bounce through my head , 
I do not deny that Miss Williams has found her 
own personal Truth concerning the uses and 
abuses of free speech, 

What I question is whether what she has dis-
covered I. a Universal Truth. or whether she 
merely wishes to JUlIe it so. The question of 
who is the arbitrator of Truth has plagued 
man throughout his existence, IA modern 
example of this would be in the philosophy of 
euthanasia where, among its supporters , the 

~reatest question is not the mechanics of a 
merciful death . but rather who will make the 
decision as to who will die, I In the case of free 
speech apparently Miss Williams and her 
cohorts would make the decision as to who 
would be allowed to speak , In such cir· 
cumstances. why bother having free speech at 
all. since only "acceptable" viewpoints, 
presumably havinl/ received prior approval. 
would be heard anvwav? I fear that, until the 
entire public consCiousness merge with Miss 
Williams' General Will. her plans for the 
modification of free speech will entail the sup-
pression not only of the advocates of violence 
but also those who oppose this plan in the spirit 

cality. Why should we suppose that 
suppression will be any more effective in the 
future than is has been in the paSt? Despite 
short-term successes {and occasional long· 
term gains I. suppression tends to be a 
bankrupt philosophy which enventually 
creates a reaction strong enough to reverse 
the relative positions of the opposing factions 
- the suppressed often become the sup-
pressors. Presumably Miss Williams' position 
on the extreme Left is largely the creation of 
the suppression emanating from the extreme 
Right - can we assume that suppression 
emanating from the extreme Left will be less 
"creative"? Miss Williams does not offer a 
solution to our problems. but rather their 
perpetuation. 

My final reaction to thiS quotatIOn was one 
of sadness. For me. the whole tenor of her 
argument raised the uncomfortable thought 
that. perhaps. her belief in the concept of free 
speech. or in the capacity of mankind to 
modify itself. or in the philosophy of Peace 
itself. is too weak to sustain her. If it is the 
first of these. then her plans for a modified 
freedom of speech are irrelevant : if the 
second. then thev are hopeless : if the third , 
sad, I feel that the philosophv of Peace 
{however defined I deserves better advocates 
than those who would imply that this 
philosophy is so weak that only through force 
can it be realized. II deserves and needs 
advocates willing and able to defeat its ideo-
logical competition. not by stilling free speech 
or ferreting out heresies. but bV utilizing free 

, speech to meet and beat the competition. Of 
course it invol ves a risk : while vou 're 
attempting to convert them . they 'll attempt to 
convert you , And. of course. vou can 't stand to 
one side. smug and aloof. impatiently 
engineering a great leap forward to Utopia . 
saying "But we 're right :" you have to go out 
every day and prove you 're right. to 
yourself and others. II's a continuing process . 
a long and orten painfully slow process - for. 
unfortunately, unlike mashed potatoes. Peace 
is not " instant" - and represents the true test 
of the Peace movement because it asks the 
question : How badly do you really want 
Peace? ·The answer is not multiple-choice or 
true-false : nor is it as simple as Miss Williams 
would have us believe, 

This opinion. accompanied by an official 
California License of Acceptable Free Speech 
(expired ). nailed to the TRITON TIMES door . 
I May 72 , 

We've been conditioned to believe in 
such things as free speech for all. But 
we're right. so how can we allow 
people who advocate war and racism 
to spread their ideas' They have no 
right to free speech because they speak 
of war and imperialism , .- TRITON 
TIMES, 28 Apr 72, 

Chicano Lib Front Declaration 
When the people have exhausted all ex isting . 

legal means in their fight for justice, and in 
the end remain enslaved , then democracy has 
failed , We as chicanos have voted in elections, 
and because of the State Government's shrewd 
gerrymandering tactics, our vote has been 
rendered meacingless and ineffecti ve. We 
have petitioned the local. state and Federal 
Government in an effort to improve living 
conditions in the barrio. Our petitions have 
either been ignored or passed on from one 
investigative agency to another and have 
received racist oriented decisons from bioted 
judges. We have tried legally and peacefully to 
change the deplorable conditions of our 
barrios and still we have poor housing. high 
unemployment. police harassment, indecent 
wages , inferior education and political 
impotency , 

The chicano is at the bottom of the 
economic, political and social scales. He has 
there for years . and we see no efforts being 
made by this system of government to let 
chicanos advance his standing. According to 
the U ,S, Department of Defense statistics, 
nearly 10.000 chicanos and lations have died In 
the war in Southeast Asia , We make up 20 
percent of the casualties while only 10 per cent 
of the American population , We have been fed 
lies, broken promises and compromises. all in 
an effort to keep us in our place. We have been 
shot in the Itreets. shafted in the courts. 
drafted in the army. taken advantage 01 by 
corrupt politicians and ignored by the 
Government. Now we scn!am Y A BAST A! We 
wili no ~r tolerate the bullshit and inaction 
0( the Govel'llmflla. 

When democracy I, expoMCl 10 be a farce. 
there II only one door for people 10 open and 
eater. and that II tile llberall. door of 

revolution. We hereby declare our movement 
to be a true revolutionary movement in 
nature , We declare ourselves to be in a state of 
war with the Facist system that dares to 
control our lives, We have suffered the 
indignities of second class status for far too 
long , As a people that has been opporessed for 
over one hundred years , we feel that the 
government of the U ,S, leaves us no other 
course of action. Our goals are land , self· 
determination, liberation and the defeat of the 
capitalist imperialist government that rules 
our barrios and the rest of the world thru 
teachery, terror and military might. 

We are a revolutionary force , a violent 
force, a liberating force , and we will stop at 
nothing short of total freedom and 
independence. We are a growing urban 
guerrilla movement of vatos, veterans, 
excons, students and workers . We cannot be 
stopped, for we are motivated by a strong love 
for truth, freedom, land and our people, 

We understand that revolution is a violent 
phenomenon. We do not worship violence as a 
gocl, nor do we take it lightly, We understand 
its use and power, Thus far our violence has 
been self«fensive in nature. We have used it 
to protect ourselves from the pigs. who have 
been perpetuating violence towards chicanos 
for yean, Let this be clear we will no longer 
use violence solely as a defensive weapon. we 
will now take the offenSive. We are attacking 
now and will continue to , We have the greatest 
weapons on OUI' sides: history and the power of 
the people. History shows us that the 
worldwide liberation movement is wlnnlOl· 
We DOW join anns with our opprnsed brothen 
IDd .... n ID Africa. Asia Ind Latin America 
ill die flPt for freedom. To .. tiler we aball 
will ...... PUTO .utERIIA. 

.. , Letters to the Editor 

ssssmolcel 

Editor : 

probably the exception. For the 
critical , civic education 
essential to democracy, the San 
Diego media is bankrupt , A new 
"news" agency is necessary. 

ficant details. I know our 
position is right. 

After all, 1 may not see the 
logic of it, but the writers of the 
Crimson Communique do, whose 
minds are inlinitely superior to 

I'd like to put in a plea for the mine. (They go to Harvard, 
~:ette ~ a eugenic agen~ . This should serve all or most which still leads VCSD in intel· 
1978 aroWunh youtnlolw, ID mkl - political persuasions genuinely lectuals to student ratio.) The 

. 0 s I smo es , I ' I . f th ' t ' th t 'f 
cigarettes? Chiefly, the youth _ concerned ,,!Ith the peop. e s O~IC 0 elr asser Ion a , I 
of both sexes _ and middle-aged ~elfar.e . It wlll .not end polItical Thleu had the support of the 
w men. The younger people diversion , ContlDual revelations people, he could d~feat the 
ajoPt the habit (even today! ) about consum.e~ fraud~ govern· IDvaders , .was clear ; still though, 
largely for bravado. The older ment complICity With Iand d,oes thIS , me~n that the 
ladies, for psychological or developers, racISt InstitutIOns, Confederacy s CitIzens v:e~e p:o· 
physiological reasons (both have cort~rate devastation . of ~he North, ?r could the VOIO\) s five 
been suggested ), have the envlronment ~ detenoratl~g to one mdustr~a~ prepondera.nce 
hardest time kicking the habit. lega~ , educ.a~l?nal an~ pu~hc ID our own CIvil . War poSSibly 

/ervlce faCIlIties, maOlpulatlon have had some slaght effect on 
by the media - wbatever UCSD the outcome of the conflict? 

Who , among the younger students decide to investigate 
crowd, are the cigarette through their elected Cal PIRG 
smokers? Chiefly, those whom representatives - will certainly We still have the final , 
we may call the intellectually elicit widely varied responses : crushing argument to stop ali the 
under'privileged, By and large, from Ayn Rand objectivism to imperialistic talk ; that is this : If 
the brighter ones don't, the Marxian socialism, from calls elections had been held in 1954, 
dumber ones do , for minor reform to these for Ho Chi Minh would have won. Of 

Now, consider American 
society today , On the one hand, 
we have a large and growing 
over·representation by older 
women. On the other, we have a 
large and growing crime rate 
among young people. What we 
need, then , is more cigarette 
smoking among precisely those 
two sections of our population. 
We need longer cigarettes, with 
more nicotine, higher contents of 
tar and more active carcinogens 
with quicker action. Then we 
could let mother nature -
backed by human nature - help 

revolution. Fine. But we should course, Churchill was castigated 
speak from a relatively common for wanting to invade Germany 
universe of facts. when the people there voted m 

Hitler, and Lincoln won the 
Presidency in 1860 without a 

Yours quite sincerely single popular vote in several 
Michael Yarbrough southern states ; but of course 

these analogies , for some 
profound reason which my 
simple mind cannot grasp, do not 

A Word from 
Comrade Bob 

apply. After all , in contrast to 
the opposition newspapers in 
South Vietnam, which show how 
disunited the citizens there are, 
our brothers in the North have 
such solid popular support that 
there is not a single opposition 

other eugenic efforts to improve Comrades : 
our society in the forseeable 

newspaper in the country ; 
what 's more, the orth Viet· 
namese show their unanimous 

future . 
As Ever _ I know that the party line 
G. Oscuro regarding the Vietnam war, 

which is pouring forth from the 
presses of all college newspapers 

support by not even holding 
elections. Such elections are of 
course unnecessary and would 
only result in the 99.99 per cent 
backing periodically given our 
brothers in the Soviet Union. 
East Berlin and the countries of 
Eastern Europe, whose citizens 
love their homelands so much 
that they build walls to keep out 
the mobs of refugees from the 
West who want to enter the e 
workers ' paradises. 

Imaginative 
PIRG 

in the country, is correct, but 
I'm very ignorant in political 
matters and would appreciate it 
if you could answer a few 
questions. Of course , the 
Communists are THE 

Editor : PEOPLE'S CHOICE in South 
. Vietnam, but one thing bothers 

. me: how come all the refugees 
I Just want to state m~ reaso~s flee SOUTH? After all though, 

for supportmg Cahfornla Public these refugees are peasants, as 
Interest Rese~r~h Group yet unenlightened about the 

~ PIR~ )' ,I thmk It IS t~e most glories of the Revolution. 
Imagmatlve and potentially the 
most effective endeavor to 
plOgressive UCSD students in 
1972. 

Its purpose is muckraking and 
its approach is unsurpassed in 
uniting maximal forces 
against problems affecting us 
all . Side-by-side are people 
usually in opposition to varying 
degrees on public issues , It is 
rare these days, and undoubtedly 
to become still rarer when such 
projects arise. 

The basis of this unity is the 
universally understood need for 
concrete facts . Regardless of 
one's political position, one must 
concede the constriction of 
critical analysis by the eligo· 
pelistic San Diego news media . 
It's difficult to glean facts about 
San Die,!o from the extended 
Tva ne" s shots of pipecleaners 
conventions and civic dinners at 
the EI Cortez. A further 
commentary is that the radical 
SAN DIEGO STREET 
JOURNAL three years ago was 
the only source (but undocu· 
mented) for exposes on Power In 
San Diego. LIFE MAGAZINE 
recently supported its claims -
but only three yean later. Did 
any crusading UNION-
TRIBUNE reporter of loeal-
yokel news stlUons ever 
enlighten us on these matten? 
Of course not! On his own, 
Harold Keen discuss this in 
SAN DIIGO MAGAZINE 
,Felnary, nil, but Ills Is 

Please continue your work to 
stop the bombing which might 
jeopardize Prime Minister 
Chamberlain'S trip to Munich -
I mean President Nixon's trip to 

But even one of our fellow Moscow, later this month. Mean-
intellectuals see'ms to have while, mark me down as one 
betrayed us ; in a TV interview more student wbo supports the 
three weeks ago , why did Thieu 's courageous position of your paper 
biggest opponent say that, and Cha~cellor McElroy that the 
despite his disagreements with North V,etnamese be allowed to 
the South Vietnamese slaughter as many South Viet-
President's policies on most namese as possible. 
issues , he wholeheartedly 
supported his conduct of the 
war? But these are just insigni· Your brother in revolution , Comrade Deleonardis 

~IRROR-=:::I ~ 
ERRORITETI• :l,~~¥~OIt. 

............................. 

Sat. May 13th 
A benefit for 

Religious Affairs 

WILT CHAMBERLAIN 
AND HIS 

BIG DIPPERS 
vs 

Tile S.D. ALL ST IIBS 
IN AVOllfVIAlt. MATCH 

Preliminary Game "....., 
neon HlLl Y'S VS. MR. G'S --:~::=..."':"" (Girl', Volleyball) ~~ 

nom AVAIUIU AT lIlY IIA&l 101 OffICII AI I0OI 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

May 9, 1972 Triton Tim., Page 7 



• I •• . .. . . , , ... BOOK' TO 'R E , ~.. .. . ., 
, 

ANNUAL S, 
BEGINS 

101. DISCOUNT ON ALL MERCHA N DIS 
E~CEPT TEXT OR REFcREN.Gf BOOKS -SALE ITEMS 

II Dlty.s ONLY - TU"SDAV THRII FR-DRY . 
Page 8 T rito" Times May 9, 1972 . 

lNG , SA L'E 
M-AV 9th 

MlaAGS 
S!'To1 .• ' 
!-Cow 
~.oo 

Gl ANT BOOK 
-BARGAJNSl 

y~ OFF ON ALL 
-/VlOOERN LIBR"RY BOOKS 
- OVE~STOtK PAPERBACKS 
• USED- SHOPWORN PAP£f(QACKS 

PLUS 
- m 

FOREIGN PUBLISHED BOOKS 
SAVE:. FROM 30'1. TO SO? 
OR MORE ON BOOKS FROM 

. SPAIN, SOUTH AlitER ICA. 
ft1E X ItO. fsERMANY. FRANCE. 
ITAL'I $ RUSSI ~ 

UMIT~" _UM'IT'.S 

ALL SALES ARE FINAl-
. NO RE.FUNDS 

R[CORDS PR'ZES~ PRIZES! 
INCL UDIN6 -A B Ie "ICLE, A S" N SET 

PLUS" OTHeR PRIZt=s, 
:L DRAWIN6S DItILY .-3 PM -

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE NEED NOT If" PRFS6NT .,., WIN 
UNIVElSIlY Of CALFOINIA, SAN DIEGO ___ ,. ... 0 ....... e_alt_M_~u-...... _It_.O'_'_I_' "~It~ ____ _ 

May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 9 



I Possibilities I 
Struggling Cinematics 

The Film Action COllective will present a two-day festival of 
" newsreel" ClOema titled " Documents of Struggl e" on 
Saturday and Sunday. May 13-14. at the University of Cali-
fornia . San Diego. . 

The festival. which will begin at 12 :30 p.m. both days in 2722 
Undergraduate Sciences Bldg. on the Revelle College campus. 
Will IOclude films which explore the problems of econom ic 
exploita tion. racism and sexism. 

Admission is $2 for the two-day festival or $1.25 per day. 
Tickets are ava ilable at the door. 

Sat~~day's fi.lms include " Oil Strike" 115 min. '. " I I p.m. 
News 120 min. I. " Make Out" 15 mi n. I. "Childcare _ 
People's Liberation" 120 min. I . "The Woman 's Film" 140 
min. I. "People's Park" 125 min. I. "Palestine" 125 min. I. "Isle 
of Youth" 115 min. I . "EI Pueble Se Levante" (42 min. I . and 
"Report from China" 185 min. I. 

Getting to th e Root 
Niccolo Machiavelli 's play. " Mandragola " I " Mandrake" ,. 

an early 16th-century satire about treachery and cuckoldrv. 
Will be presented by the San Fernando Va ll e~' State r.oll e~e 

r 

WE HAVITHI 
1IftSON4t fOUCH. 
WUlSOHAVI 
THI GIlA TIST 
IN CASUAl WIAI 
SIIIITALlS,IIK. 

17461 ClUID 
LAJOu.A 

454-7169 
Page 10 Tritan Times May 9, 1972 

lIalian Players at the University of California . San Diego at 
8:30 p.m .. Thursday. May 11. 

The players. under the direction of Dr. Anna Seldis. Asst. 
Prof. of Italian literature. will perform in authentic costumery 
in the Recital Hall , Bldg. 409 on the Matthews Campus. The 
program, which is free and open to the public, is sponsored by 
the John Muir College Provost's Office. Dr. John Stewart, 
professor of American literature and acting chairman of the 
UCSD department of drama . is Provost for the college. 

The.recently di scovered original music for the play written 
by Phillipe Verdelot. who was active in Italy in the early 16th 
century. will be performed by the UCSD Chamber Singers. Ron 
Jeffers. UCSD graduate student. will direct the singers. 
. Machiavelli. Italian statesman and political philosopher who 

Itved from 1469·1527. is known primarilv for hi s work. "The 
Prince." a study of the behavior of Italian rulers. He was the 
author of three plays and numerous articles and discourses. 

" Mandragola " was written in 1518 and probablv first 
performed around 1520. It is the tale of the seduction of the 
young wife of a old lawyer. interwoven in the plot is the super-

st.itio~ that a .potion of Mandrake root. used as a fertility drug. 
Will kill the first lover of a woman who has taken it. While the 
play will be presented in Italian. the comedy offers much to 
those who know little Italian. Copies of the Script in English 
will be available. 

An evening o/jazz 
music featuring 
FREDDIE 

HUBBARD 
with 

George Cables 
Jr. Cooke 
Lenny White 
Alex Blake 

Friday, May 12, 1972 
URn HAll UCSD Gym 8 p.m. 
I,. Office $2.00 UCSD Students 

or $2.50 Other College Students Advance 
453-3362 $3.00 General Admission at Door 

Also Appearing: PNEUMA 
LOCAL SAN DIEGO JAZZ MUSICIANS 

SponlOred b, UCSD Campus 'regrammi"t Ioard 

auricle ventricle, and other 

chambers ... musically speakin~ 
An evening 01 chamber music by University of California 

composers will be presented in UCSO's Music Gallery at 8:30 
p.m., Thursday, May 11. 

The gallery is located in Bldg. 408 on the Matthews Campus. 
The Jl'ogram. whicb il free and open to the public, is sponsored 
by the Intercampus Cultural Exchange Committee. the UCSD 
Music Department, and the Campus Programming Board. 

Works to be presented include . 'Logs " by Paul Chihara from 
UCLA: "Spectra" written in 1967 by Richard Felciano from 
UC Berkeley: "By the bar" written in 1969 by Will Ogdon. 
UCSD, and "Serenade for Basses" written in 1971 bV Jerome 
Rosen from UC DaVIS. . 

Beverly Ogdon of Del Mar , who has performed many 20th-
century works. will sing soprano in the concert . Nancy 
Turetzky, flautest . has performed numerous times with 
famous lutenist Joseph ladone and the Hartford Symphony 
Orchestra , and will perform in the Thursday concert. Jerome 
Rosen will play clarinet and bass clarinet. UCSD facultv 
member Bertram Turetzky will play his contrabass. . 

l'vIeditative Visions 
"War is the declaration of intellectual bankruptcy" 

. . Maharishi Mahesh Yogi 
Is It poSSible for an individual to gain his goals in lire and at the 
same time fulfill his responsibility to maintain a peaceful and 
progressive society and world? How can a person best do his 
part to bring harmony to his environm~llt? Transcendental 

~editation (TM) as taught by Maharishi Mabesh Yogi offers a 
Simple answer ~o these difficult ques.tions. TM provides deep 
rest and relaxation arlll expands one s mental potential thus 

!increasing an individual's efficiency in action and ability to 
cope with pressure and strain. When a person has more then he 
can give more to his surroundings and still fulfill his own 
desires. This is fulfillment of individual and society. Intro-
ductory lectures on TM : A Vision of Possibilities are being 
offered Thursday. May ll , 12 :00 noon Muir 20. Room 2321 and 
7:30 p.m. 20. Room 1128. 

This is the music 
medieval, .. the murmuring 

pines and the musicolo~ists 
Three concert /seminars in medieval and renaissance music 
c~nducted by pro~lnent University of California musicologists 
w~I1 be presented In May at the Universi ty of California San Diego. ., 
. The seminars a~e sponsored by the UCSD music department 
In coo~ratlOn With the UC Intercampus Cultural Exchange 
Committee and are free and open to the public. 
" Tuesday. May 9. Gilbert Reaney of UCLA will discuss 
T.roubadours a.nd. Trouveres. Their Music and Poetry : The 

Primacy of MUSIC In Medieval Song." The seminar will be held 
from 3-5 p.m. In the Music in Medieval Song." The seminar will 
be held from 3-5 p.m. in the Music Gallery. Bldg. 408 on the 
Matthews Campus. . 
" Th~rsday. ~y 11. Thomas Marrocco of UCLA will discuss 
Italian Musl~ 10 the 14th Century ." The seminar will be held 

from 2:4 p.m . In 2346 Humanities and Social Sciences Bldg. on 
the MUir College campus. 
" ":hursday. May 25. Theodore Karp of UC Davis will discuss 
Dissonance Treatment in Medieval Music." The program will 

be held fr~m 2-4 p.m. In 2346 Humanities and Social Sciences 
Bldg .. MUir . 

FLICKS 
wednesda,' - Coffee Hut: 

TIME MACHINE 
and 

DAY THE EARTH 
STOOD STILL 

frlda,' nlte: 

CATCH 22 
7:30 & 10:30 USB 2722 

saturtlal' nlte: ~ 

7 & 10:30 

LAST YEAR 
IN MARIENBAD 

... 4 

YOJIMBO 
U582722 

50' 

$1.00 

!VIo Lher Hubbard went La 
her cupboard and found 
Freddie blowing his horn . .. 

Jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and hi s group will be 
featured in concert at 8:30 p.m .. Friday, May t2, in the Gym-
nasium , at the University of California . San Diego. 

Performers in the Hubbard groups are Lenny White on the 
drums, George Cables on the piano. Jr. Cook on the tenor sax, 
and Alex Blake playing the bass. 

The concert is sponsored by the UCSD Campus Program-
ming Board. Tickets are $2 .00 for UCSD students with I.D. 
cards: $2.:;0 for other college students prior to the concert and 
$3.00 at the door . and $3 .00 for general admission. Tickets are 
availa ble at the Urey Hall Box Office on UCSD's Revelle 
College and from the Aztec Center Box Office. San Diego State 
College. 

Hubbard. 34 , one of the best all-around performers among 
contemporary soloists. plays trumpet. r1uegelhorn, mello-
phone, and piano. and is gaining recognition as a talented jazz 

\Composer, sometimes dabbing into the avant garde. He comes 
from a musical family in Ind ianapolis. the breeding ground for 
major musical talents which go as far back as oble Sissie half 
a century ago. He became interested in the trumpet at the age 
of 11 when he picked up his sister Mildred's trumpet and was 
able to produce a good sound. Mildred is a talented musician in 
her own right as are Hubbard 's brothers John and Earmon. 

He won several awards for his musical abilities in secondary 
school and turned down a scholarship to Indiana Central 
College for his musical talents on the French horn to spend a 
year studying trumpet at the Jordan Conservatory with local 
symphony musicians. 

In Indianapolis. he played with the Montgomery Brothers. 
Wes . Monk . and Buddy. and performed in their first album . He 
also played with J . J . Johnson and Slide Hampton. Inrluenced 
by Wes Montgomery to pu rsue his jazz career further. he came 
to New York at the age of 20 with Lenn.v Benjamin. and began 
playing with his own group at Turbo Village. After a year in 
New York. Hubbard emerged as one of the most sought-after 
trumpeters in New York. and began playing with such greats 
as Sonny Rollins. Bud Powell . Philly Joe Jones. Art Blakey. 
and Quincy Jones. 

His first solo album. "Open Sesame." on Blue Note Records 
brought him wide attention. He later signed with Impulse to do 
two albums with strings ... Body and Soul " and "The Artistry of 
Freddie Hubbard ." Several of hi s albums through the years 
have been devoted to his Iyricallv individualist treatment of 
pop standards. from Cole Porter's' "Just One of Those Things" 
to "Skylark." "Carnival. " amd "Summertime." His album. 
"Breaking Point ." however . indicated a new direction in jazz. 
I In 1965 he was called to Austria to play in the international 
jazz orchestra formed by classic .. ; pianist Friedrich Guida . He 
returned to the U.S. to again form his own group and made 
personal appearances around the country. He made another 
tr ip to Europe as an individual soloist . and returned to the U.S. 
to join Max Roach . With Roach. Hubbard learned to play 
breakneck tempos requiring extreme facility . 

Hubbard. who would "like to be the top trumpeter of the 
1970·s. " thinks he has a chance at reaching that goal. and few 
critics seem to deny the possibility. After the Palladium 
concert , he said. " As long as you have the beat and the feeling , 
you can communicate ... I think I know my horn pretty good. 
and I'm going to start getting back into that elllOtionalthing." 

On Friday, May 12. from 3-S p.m. tMe wtll be a jail 
worksMp wlta. Freddie Hubbard Quintet In Me .... All 
musiclus welcome. 

Allegorically 
Speaking 
Three religious and 

allegorical plays. "Pilgrim 's 
Progress." "The Wedding 
Feast:· and "Good Friday ." 
with words and music' bv 
award-winning playwright. 
Rev. Lawrence H. Wadely. will 
be presented at the University 
of California, San Diego at 7:30 
p.m .. Friday . May 12. 

The perfOrmanCe. which will 
be held in the Humanities· 
Library Auditorium. Revelle 
College, is free and open to the 

public. The three plays will 
also be presented at a fund-
raisi", event in the main hall of 
Sl. James-by-the-Sea Episcopal 
Church. 743 Prospect Street. La 
Jolla at 8 p.m .. Saturday. May 
13. Tickets for the church event 
are IS for adults and 12.:;0 for 
persons under II. 

Over 40 persons are involved 
in the pretention of tbe one-act 
plays. The pbiys are done In 
modern dress with simple 
props and simple musical 

Fleeting Poem 
To A Fleeting Poem (In Myself) 

You come to me so often 
But can't you see that I'm jusl me 
Sitting in Literature \\ ith jean-

covered legs In streetcars of The Cily 
Spread lethargically - not car-

ing? 
\\ here four different colored 

hands 
Meet to embrace a handrail. Just give me my furry r. lephi 

Brought back from the gas.cham-In semen fog of moist, dark night 
\\ here thousands of sperm allack ber 

And let me hold him and kiss my body 
And dampen my countenance. His whiskers and fondle his pa\\s 

Just for comfort. It's 10 cold and lonely - yet I love 
you, You see, I have no baby 

To suckle my breast , so I must 
search. 

You repulse me and yet I crave 
you . 

And you my love, laying next to 
me 

You run on and leave me ponder-
ing 

After the moments of ecsta cy 
Pouring forth your breath in deep 

heaves 

\\ hy I'm choked.up Yohen I sing 
" Michigan seems like a dream to 

me no,,·," 
But you kno\\ Yoh y - do you Yoant 

to protect me? 
And shallow sighs-

From what? 
I knoYo I understand Yoh at you 

feel 
From circling \\ hiriYo inds of fear And still I must rise and kiss your 

face . \\ hich catch me and rip me open? 
And say I LO VE YOL. Don'llry! • 

I'm really not that delicat e. you 
knoYo . 

II 's nol over for me and it never 
will be 

Cntlll give up. Oh, I knoYo you picture me in 
peach chiffon and ruf£led 
lace 

But I hang on and 1 Yo ill 

\\ ith Yoaist.long hair pi cking 
IiIlys-of-the-valley 

Cntll I drop into a solil a ry ex-
istence 

And curl tight Yo ith in the Yo om b 
And start the process ove r. And pondering death. 

necessities such as a piano, 
drums, cymbals, guitar. and 
bells. Approximately 25 songs 
are presented in the three-play 
performance. 

"The Wedding Feast" is a 
play about humility and 
gratitude based on a New 
Testament parable (Matthew 
22: 1-14 and Luke : 14 : 7-10 ). 
The king, played by Rev. Hal 
Heath, a Linda Vista Pres-
_byterian minister , invites the 
seemingly " best" persons in 
the kingdom to attend the 
wedding of his son. These 
persons make endless excuses 
and so the poor. blind. and 
crippled of the area are 
brought in to be the guests and 
are given wedding "garments" 
of flowers . They are made to 
feel welcome beside the other 
guests who eventually appear 
for the ceremony. A greedy 
guest . played by Jack 
Aaronson. winner of many Old 
Globe AtlaS-awards. who stuffs 
himself on the king 's feast 
duri", the ceremony. is 
thrown out and the ceremony 
is completed happily with all 
the lUests grateful for the 
splendour in which they are 
receiVed. 

" Pilgrim 's Procress," a 
dramatized narrative adapted 
from Jolin Bunyan's book, is an 
allepical play about man 's 

search for·salvation. The meta-
phorical figures in the play, 
,numbering about 20, include 
the classic characters of 
Presumption, Sloth. Mistrust . 
Help . Faithful , Worldly 
Wiseman , Timorous and 
Hopeful , and are played by 
three actors from off stage 
with a central narrator on 
stage. 

Rev. Waddy will play the 
narrator , and Aaronson . 
Coralie Schatz, another Old 
Globe player. and R. Arthur 
Edwards, a frequent star in 
Village Vaudeville in La Jolla . 
will play the off-stage parts. 

"Good Friday" is a mixed 
media presentation using slides 
of classical and modern 
artworks and situations with a 
musical naration to describe 
the events leading to the cruci-
fixion . 

Rev. Waddy has written 
numerous religious and 
musical plays. many of which 
have been broadcast over radio 
and television. He is the author 
of 13 radiO plays in the series 
"The Witness," broadcast by 
ABC stations for the Epi5COp<l1 
Church. and composer of 13 
musical plays under the title of 
" Putti", the Bible to Music ," 
Five of the latter plavs, 
including the "Weddin, 
have been broadcast on BBC-

TV in England. One of them, 
"Job." was voted the best 
religious program for 1963, and 
won first prize in the 1964 
UNDA Film Festival in Monte 
Carlo. 

A oomber of his plays have 
been performed and broadcast 
locally. One of his mosl recent 
plays. "Victim," a television 
script . deals with the 
problems of the death penalty, 
while another, "Lopez, " is a 
three-act play about the Cali-
fornia Grape Strike. 

Rev. Waddy spent the first 
five years of his life from 1914-
19 in Australia , and lived in 
Jerusalem from 1919-24. From 
1924-63 he lived in England, and 
came to the U.S. in 1963 to be 
chaplain and head of Latin and 
Biblical studies at The Bishop's 
School in La Jolla until 1967. He 
received his B.A. in 1937 and 
Ihis M.A. in 1945 from Oxford 
University and took seminar 
training at Cambridge from 
193HO. During World War II he 
was a chaplain in the Royal 
Navy and served on the H.M.S. 
JAMAICA in the Mediterranean 
and on Russilln convoys. He has 
been a lecturer at UCSD in 
Greek and Latin literature for 
three years. He is also 
currently vicar of the Church of 
the Good Samaritan in Univer-
sityCity. 

The Amalgated 
Amorphous Is 

Coming 

.... 'rII ... 
....... CII....,r 

He', X litH and animatocl! 

EXCLUSIVE 
engagement, 
now playing 

UeuaUt 1.,..II,bl, fo t ~1I!ftftt' 
.... I .... n .... w-

When you'd li ke to be there 
and can 't. let Mom know 
you haven ' t forgotten 
Mother', Day. Send her a 
Sweel Surpri se by FTO. 
But send it early. Place 
your order today. FTO will 
send a beautiful Mother', 
Day bouquet in a bright 
and happy, imported cer-
amic water ing pitcher to 
your Mom almost anywhere 
in the U.S. or Canada. 

FlO sweet SUrprtse'2 
Or .. nd Mom a ha rdy, gr .. n 
and growing plant ... • ome-
th ing 'he' ll cher i sh year 
'round. The pl,nt in the im-
ported wate ri ng pi tcher II 
u.ually available lor Ie .. than 

lIP" 

t Al 1ft IftOtPtI'lJ.nl ~''''''UI. ~ 
"0 ... ".... Flo",: ULs. 'U I UWA !)'tnS.. 
&) 1.71 Florl,II ' TI'I:th"\lrld OIl ... ,., .. ... 
toe ilttOft 

May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 11 



In preparation for the All-Cal Tourney at 
Santa Barbara this coming Friday and 
Saturday , competition in softball, volleyball, 
inner tube water polo, and teMis were 
concluded . There were several closely 
contested matches, but the eventual winners 
represented the class of each sport . 

Particularly outstanding was the play of the 
second sackers, Terry Morse for the Orchetts 
and Kellie Magee for the Goosers . In the end 
thoup it was left-center-right fielder Mike 
Hath who was the difference. scoring both 
runs, the last in the bottom of the seventhoon a 
smash by Julie " Ms. Clutch" Allen . Chery) 
Elliott and Dave Phillips each had two hits. 
but lack of timely offensive punch finally did it 
to the Goosers . 

ftc?unding out the All·Cal squad are the 
winners of the t.ennis tournament. perennial 
champs Chris Hooper and Tibor Safar. They. 
along with badminton couple Gopi and Nath 
and the rest of the winners. leave Friday 
morning for Santa Barbara. Congratulations 
and good luck to all . 
PARTING SHOTS DEPT ... Don 't forget the 
First Annual Annie Higgins Memorial Croquet 
Tournament. Mixed doubles competition to be 
held Sunday , May 21. 

Hayride gets people together 

In inner tube water polo, it was Carl 
Strand's Water SlIOicIs, winners of the 
winner's bracket , overcoming GrllDdgy 
Grunions II , who had battled their way up to 
win the loser's bracket. by a score of 16-11. 
The big heroine for the Snoids was 
sharpshooter Jeannie Orr who rifled home 
four shots for a total of eight points. (It was 
JeaMie whose last-minute shot versus the 
Underwater Cheapshots gained the Snoids the 
finals by the score of 9-8 1: John Ford scored 
five goals for the Grunions, but it was not 
enough as guys' goals only count one apiece. 
Actually John received credit for six goals as 
he was the closest man to Snoid Dave 
Lippincott who graciously tossed one past his 
own goalie to help keep the Grunions ' cause 
alive . Even this display of generosity was not 
e,pough as Pete Goedde!. Nicole, and the rest 
led the Snoids to victory. 

Volleyball CompelilioD 
Sunday the gym was the scene of some fine 

vollyeball competition which came right down 
to the final match before being decided. In the 
end the round robin tournament went to pre-
tournament favorites Great Pumpkins who 
were led by their two outstanding girls . Elaine 
Simay and Debbie Vodhane!. both of whom 
performed excellently throughout. The 
tourney's MVH (Most Violent Hitter ), Dwight 
Bean, Brian Bowen. Laurie Dunlap . and 
Captain Jim Condon. all performed up to the 
talent that they possess. 

PARTYING SHOTS DEPT . . . Astrid 
Yperman (yes, thaI's her real name. folks ) is 
planning an intramural party. probably 
Saturday. May 27 . More on this closer to time. 
Editor's Not.: Th. following was 
sub",l"ed Slparat. from the rtgUlar 
Intramur.1 story by • c.rt.in raspy 
looking Indlvidu.1 (w. bell.v. his n.m. 
to be C.rl Str.nd) who is suspected to be 
.HIII.ted with the Snoids. I must admit I was a bit 

adamant about the whole thing. 
I bad covered a lot of events for 
the good old TRITON TIMES 
sports page, for instance 
billiards, but this was still a 
little out of the normal sports 
reporter's line. Not wishing to 
seem obnoxious, howev~r , J 
&.raciously accepted my 

'il;signment and readied myself 
to take on this next challenge, a 
hayride. 

It started out innocently 
enough. There were about fifty 
of us gathered outside the gym 
last Friday and about 5 p.m., 
under the direction of Renee 
and Barbara, we all piled into 
cars or the famous UCSD 
carryall. I was fortunate to find 
a place in the carryall , mostly 
because it had just been used 
by a spear fishing skindiving 
class and we consequently had 
to drive with the WIndows open. 

The festivities began with a 
20 minute drive , 10 of them 
over a dusty bumpy road .with 
the carryall windows open 
(remember the fish ) and 
having a grand old time. We 
ended up at a horse ranch 
seemingly lost in the hills. 

We were greeted by a man in 
a 10 gallon hat-what else could 
~ expected-and the first 
objective was to get everybody 
fed . Roast beef in barbecue 
sauce and piles of beans 
highlighted the foodstuffs and 
everybody was filled to the 
brim. As the food went down 
and the evening wore on the 
atmosphere lightened and 
people began to get to know 
each other. 
Good Old-Fashioned Hayride 
The hayride came nex t and to 

our surprise , this one had all 
the characteristics of a good· 

Marie Lisleo 
old fasbioned hayride . 
Tbrougb-oot the evening, two 
rowdy gentlemen on the back 
of the trailer provided most of 
the obnoxiousness of the ride , 
much to the dismay of many 
quiet, nonobtrusive types . 
Tbeir seeming objective was to 
empty all the hay out of the 
trailer before the end of the 
ride . The only problem was 
they weren't too concerned 
whether you were Sitting on the 
hay or not alld'their method of 
emptying the trailer , by 
throwing all the hay at you and 
whatever missed Clew out, was 
not too favorable among the 
unobtrusive set. 

Stories Swapped 
Time was filled with old 

campfire stories-and even a 
smart suggestion to start the 
hay on fire in order to have a 
campfire-which proved to be 
quite i.ntere sting and 
sometimes a bit unbelievable . 
The most interesting stories 
were related by two girls. The 
stories of timid young men 
trapped by a pack of wild 
grizzlies and handicapped with 
a broken leg didn 't compare 
with the tales of conquest by 
these t~o girls. 

H was at this point that 
Providence stepped in and an 
ominous thing happened . The 
connecting rod that heJd the 
wagon to the horses, alias "the 
tongue" broke and we were no 
longer moving. Visions of 40 
UCSD student s lost in 
the wilderness began flowing 
through the minds of many. 
However, a camp truck pulled 
up and promised to return with 
a replacement party shortly. 
After they were gone for a hal f-
hour, visions of the hu ck lost in 
the wilderness crossed our 

Sports calendar 
The sports scene IS \\ Ind I Ilg down to a gradual stop as the 

!inals spectre looms Its on/nous head around the corner and 
Spring Fevl r appears to be In full gear slowing down athletes 
everywhen 

The !irs! match ot the week features in UCSD soccer team 
against Sa 1 Dle~o City College The game will be played on the 

·'field west )f the gym al about 3 30 pm Wednesday' Thursday 
the Womer 's Tenms t('am tac('~ the l'n/verslty of San Diego on 
the UCSO li>urts starlIng dl :J::O pm ThIS rna!ch Will 
apparentl~ rve as a SUitab le \\armup for the San Diego 
Women's :n~tatlOnal Board TournJment The SDWIB tourney 
Will take rIa 'I' on t\liO dJ\'s FrIday and Saturday and Will be 
played at" 'a JunIOr ('flllc!!l' It wIll feature some 01 the top 
women's t'>nms plawrs "I San Diego 

There ~'rl l tw tWo \ \1,\ District 111 playofls ov!:r the 
weekend 1'1 goll and lennls. The golf tournament Will be held In 
that desert paradise 90 deg in the shade maybe') Palm 
Springs on Thursday and FrIday. The tennis tournament is 
scheduled for FrIdav and Satu rda\' at Redlands. The exact 
times for both events have vet to be arranged. so anyone 

+ interested In attendIng hould' check With the PE department 
at 2275. 

The final event of the weekend will be the RiverSide 
InVitational Track meet at I p m. Saturday afternooQ. 

Page 12 Triton Times May 9, 1972 

minds. But just at the point 
when panic and hysteria were 
about to become rampant, the 
truck came back and we 
continued our ride being pulled 
by the truck . 

The next event on the agenda 
was square dancing . This was 
perhaps the most emjoyabJe 
activity of the night. After 
being walked through a couple 
of "alaman lefts" and "grand 
chains" the students began to 
dance atJ ull speed. Each of tbe 
cO!lples strived to show just 
exactly how adroit they were 
and most d idn't succeed too 
welL 

By the end of square dancing 
and hayride fighting people 
were quite exhausted. Cook 
Bert tossed a couple of 
frankfurters on the fire and the 
evening was wrapped up by 
enjoying lemonade, hot dogs 
and quiet conversation . 

Cre"' gets 
a split 
CSLB 

The winners had to overcome a strong 
showing by Dynamite Dan Heiscr's A-CUp5, 
who finished with a 5-2 record to the Pumpk-
kins 6-1. The Cups' Pretty Boy Meerson and 
Jon LeLevier were playing smart ball while 
capitalizing on excellent sets by Sue Papanek . 
In their fi nal match. with both teams 5-1. the 
Cups were handicapped by Ellen 's badly 
sprained finger. but sti ll managed to break 
fast for a 4-0 lead. The score was tied 7-; when 
the Great Pumpkins went to work against the 
obviously deflated A-Cups, who looked tired 
while playing their th ird game in a row. By the 
time the flurry of points was over. the winners 
were on top 15-8. 

Ore belts Take It 
After many. many Saturday and Sunday 

morning games. the Orchetts and the Goosers 
decided to battle it out in the darkness last 
Thursday with the Orchetts triumphing in a 
defensive struggle. 2-1. While Jim Sheilieid 
dueled with Frenchy Fuqua on the mound . 
both teams were providing admirable 
defensive. if questionable offensive. support. 

The Water Snoids chomped their way to a 
raspberry-dextrose win over Grundgy 
Grunions II Sunday evening to climax their 
unprecedented undefeated tournament 
schedule. Half time score was 6-4 when 
Grundgy II finally realized that if they lost this 
one it would be all over. Nevertheless. the 
Snoids were not about to relinquish the drop 
ball , something they have clung to since the 
first whistle of the season. 

Third quarter saw the Grundgy II scoring 
attack come alive as their guys put in four 
goals, partly due to the sparkling defensive 
efforts of Pete " Whoosy" Goedde!. Scorpio 
Pete was deadly from 10 yards out as he 
mystically levitated three misled shots into 
the goal just over Bill McConachie 's 
outstretched fingers . However. Nicole and 
Jean combined for three goals to push the 
Snoids out in front 12-8 alter three . Fourth 
quarter , the Grundgy guys were shooting a lot. 
but as final score 16-11 indicates, it's good to 
have your girls score too. Usually. one would 
list the top scores in the game but we are 
privileged at this time to announce the game's 
low scorer : Dave Lippincott, who came 
through with -I goals scored. Great shot Dave, 
but next time you fall off your tube with the 
ball , please do it in front of the other goa!. 

Eleven Str,and goals during the first three 
quarters served to keep the other team honest , 
while Nicole stole the show during the fourth 
quarter by lofting in five big goals. 

Last weekend the UCSD 
Crew Team scored one big win 
and one big loss. The 
heavyweight four. consi ting of 
Morgan Johnson . Geoff Walton. 
Tom Evans and Mike Crovitz. 
pulled coxswain Bart Sevilla 
ahead of two Cal State Long 

Wilt Chantberlain here 
for volleyball exhibition 

Beach fours for an impressive With the title of i\BA 
victory. Earlier . the Triton Champions at his bark. Wilt 
lightweigh t eight took a Chamberlain has dec'ided to decisive loss at the hands of a 
rather "heavy" Long Beach move to something a little 
lightweight eight. more challenging than the :\ew 

" Musical seats " is how York Knicks. As many peopl e 
Coach Gabor described the know. Wilt is gOIng to bring hi 
workouts for the next two volleyball team . the Bi g 
weeks . as the Western Dippers. down south to play th 
In t ercoll eg i a te Rowl n g San Diego All stars at the ecso 

gymnasium The match IS set Championships end thc season for May 13. Saturda~ nighl 
back in Long Beach on the 
weekend of Mav 19 and 20. The Festivities start with the 
lightweight events Will be preliminar~' game pilling the 
UCSD's main entry. so lhe women's teams of Bull~"s and 
team has a lot of wo'rk 10 store Mr . G s against ea{'h othcr at 

. . 6:30 p.m Immedlatel\ <Jftl'/, for them. but no dl~L'uLlraglng lh t th D . '1'1 
signs are on the hOrizon . a. e Ippers WI IllCI\ C 

onto the {'ourt. hopeJu l 01 T~ere ar overh~ doz~n mel} demolishIng a 01' ('ompetIllon 
wor Ing or elg sea s an. they ma\' m('el. 
Coach Bill Gabor h", dO - . 
awesome glfl lor IIndIng th Howe\' r. San Diego should 
eight lhat mak~ the shell prove a Ilule tougher 10 
move the la. t st He \\111 bl' vollevball than :\cw Y(H h did 111 
stretchIng hiS abilities to the basketball SOIllC ot til( 
lImit tor the most Importanl ath letes lend In!! the II Sl'f\IC'('S 
race of the season. whl(,h Will for the glor~ oj San !lll'gO iJll' 
occur Saturday mornIng. ;\la~ OMBAC's, Old 'hss lon Ha\ 
20. The team that IS In the AthletIc Club I Len ~ldrtHi 
highest phYSical and highest Dave WestIn and Paul 
mental condition on that day Winfield . San 01 go Stdle s all 
Will win . The former takes an American Pat 'lac-Douga l and 
amount of individual work UCSD 's ver~' own Tim /{o e 
unequalled by any other sport. The affair is a benellt lor the 
The latter makes It a team. Office of ReligiOUS Alfalrs . In 

hopes that proceeds may 
purchase some badly needed 
office space as they may 
shortly be moved out from 
where they are now . Tickcts 
for the exhibition are S1.50 for 

UCSD students and $2.50 for 
everyone else. They are 
available in advance at Urc\' 
Hall and Aztec Center. and 
most probably will be available 
at the door. 

High Tide 
Sunrise 6:06 

AM HI. PM 
May 10, Wed .. 8 06 4 i 8 :01 
May 11. Thurs. 9.01 4.5 8:36 
MayI2 , Fn. 9:554.5 9:18 
May 13. Sal. 10 :49 4.3 9:59 
May 14, Sun . 11 .44 U 10:41) 

Sunrise 6:03 
May 15, Mon . 
May 16 , Tues 

12 :42 
l :49 

Low Tide 
Sunset 7:47 

Ht. AM Ht PM 
6.6 1.58 03 1' 38 
70 246 1.1 2:20 
7.3 3:35 1.7 3:01 
7.3 4:24 2.0 3-42 
7.1 5: 13 2.0 4:2'1 

Sunset 7:50 

HI 
0.7 
0.9 
1.2 
1.5 
1.8 

3.9 6:06 1.8 5: 16 2.1 
3 8 7: 02 1.4 6: 12 2.4 

t 
h 
e 
c 
o 
v 
e 

f 
r 
o 
m 

f 
o 
u 
r 

• I 
n 
c 
h 
e 
s 

story and photos: Joe EOI'ern 
'J hI' II orltJ-lolI ,ous Lu Joll u 

Con! is one of Ih p. 11 .0St-
photogrllphpd spOIS in Ihe 
I' esl. .\ ,ost I isil ors 10 Sail 
Diego I1 .CIllUgl' to (i11d Ih eir 
II (J\ ' to tfw Con) lu cl ick off (J 
(el; shots: ,1.UII\ /,1 P.11 IJ rOl t~ 
Iht! hPlp unci cold II o/pr 10 
lOkI' u SIl in .. J JOIl PI N. 1\ hilt' 
II ondHrill1! uround 1111' LOl I' 
lind lilt' IW(lrl») tidt' pools 11TH' 
1I .llmillg. 1 JlI'gun 10 III1/HJ .. 1' 
iloll 11 (1111 lourist ~. or 1'1 I'll 
nolil" Siln j)il'gtlns . 1111<1 
n'ull\ /rlClhl'c/ (/1'01I11(1. J Ilt'(/I 
f 1'011 . (I (JisIOIl (Y III (I 1"11 in 

ches. 1 knell J hudn·1. so J 
screll ed 0 closeup lens sel 
onlo n,\ trusl\ SUI. und 
n,ucll /(j Ih e cu riosill ontl 
an ,usen,enl of (/ 101 a( "nor-
mul" tourists. procel'c/I'd 10 
Croll I arolilHI tilt' rocks onri 
sand of Ihe COl I' on n I 
slo n. oe ll lor /l.ost (II ;1 
II eekHnd. 

'J IlP /nurists lound n t'll hil 
oc/ci. bul J fou nd Il.\ uhjf'cls 
luscinalinp, .. I 1111\ IllIrnuc/ .. 
hI'C(IIJ.I ' u slurh. rU )!l!pd 
loleano .. , 11 .0 55 of SI'UIl l'l'd 
bl!COlJ.I' u Ilt'tllorh II hug. 
{llpplillt' .. Intl Iht,I'I' II .'rt· 
5011.1' su rpr isl's. J \I OS '"H. 
qUlI .. OJISO I ht ,tl ill cU ll /l1I,1Il)! 

a shol of a. sn .ull. pJlIill-co J-
ored snail IlHs lJed in u {lalch 
o( planl /ifp 01 Iht, edge of u 
tiele pool II llt;n Il . ~ 
"snail" suddenl), roised itself 
on eighl spindJ) legs and 
scu ll/ed inlo Ih e lide pool. 
JJern .i/ crubs don 't Jike 1/11' 
publici I) . I sU{lJlOSt~. J.ull'r. I 
II us shooling ucross 0 IllIlf-:r-
fil/I'd crPI icl' 01 S()11 .' n us-
cles nn Ihl' oth,.!' sid., II hl 'n 
Ihl' lIull'r din,e lll 111 11'11111 of 
Ill' slirrt'd .. '5 J lUI 11 OUOIl-
less. 1I SIl ull. ''.\In'lI I'll ,111 
spldt'r truh IlUull·d Iw/f of it' 
bocll out o( Ih l' II olpr. II UI pd 
I/S P'I ,,-stuJk~ ul Il ". d.,c idl,d J 
IIUS horll /t·~s. lind Jl/'gul1 
ploClcll) il-t'<iII1)! Oil u 1,111., 
clun II 01 sl·u\II:,·d /lol 11 or.· 
Ihun '>1\ IInIH" lroll Il) 
WI1."!O 

.'nIOIlI' II J)() ilos I'll r 
bt,t'I1 ' fo pll'lloI'l1ton school 
hus rl'ucJ uhOUI I'ht , fun-
loslicalil till I'rH'. It·('n.lng 
Jifp of Ihis n,JnlUtun, hU/lltll/ 
Bul 11.051 01 us IlpI Hr ).:1'/ 
helOnd Ih l' i)flok. 'J his 1111/" 
lI (irid IS much Inn JII .. h und 
color/u l/o hI' con/inf'ci in Ih. · 
hlucl. und 1I11111 ' Jlrlnt (1/ U 
huok. I hut! u lot of I un dis-
CO l e rinp, II lor 11,) Sf''' . 

May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 13 



~etters to the Editor 

Olson 
Anachronistic 

Editor : 
Mr. Olson 's article, "Peace 

at the Cost of Freedom," 
demands a response . His 
arguments contain elements of 
nationalism, "down· to-earth " 
realism and disdain for 
t!ommuni sti c ideologies . 
Unfortunately the assumptions 
behind each proposition are 
anachronisms. They are from a 
time when mankind did not 
have the abili ty to destroy 
itself. War·making once dealt 
with contained connict within 
limited boundaries. Diplomats 
did not have to consider the 
possibility of human extinction. 

Today, however, they must . 
And because they must, the 
United States cannot win the 
Vietnam war : the United 
States cannot win any war. The 
further the U.S. moves from a 
foreign policy based on limited 
warfare, the more closely the 
human ra ce approaches 
destruction. But as long as the 
IU.S. wages limited wars, past 
notions of victory cannot be 
achieved. This poses an ugly 

ilil~mma . The resolution, I 
beheve, lies in a repudiation of 
war . 

Mr. Olson argues that a 
global struggle is occurring 
between the ideologies of 
"Communism" and "western 
civilization." The United 
States is fighting in Vietnam to 
save western ideology from a 
treacherous death. But does 
western ideology have more to 
fear from "Communism" or a 
nuclear war? I think all would 
agree that a world war 
presents the gravest threat. 
Nuclear weapons have the 
disturbing tendency of not 
distinguishing between creeds. 
They destroy all with equal 

N1cGovern and 
The New Left 

Editor : 
For three years I have 

observed the actions of the new 
left at UCSD. Though effective 
in isolated instances. they 
~reated Iitlle enduring change 
10 our political structure. I 
suggest not that they abandon 
their quest ; instead. I propose 
a shift in direction for tbe 
upcoming campaign: It is time 
for the fru strated and 
disenchanted to unite behind 
Senator George McGovern in 
his bid for the Democratic 
Presidential nomination. 

No olher candidate can hope 
to speak to so-called radical 
group; on the basis of common 
beliefs. Only McGovern has 
specifically proposed a genuine 
redistribution of wealth. (Don't 
think this fact has escaped the 
wealthy·they are especially 

,generous thi s year with their 
contributions to his opponents.) 
No other candidate will cut the 
national defense budget by one· 
fourth. Certa inly, no opponent 
holds McGovern's views on 
aborti on, amnesty and 
marijuana. 

By taking these and other 
s tand s. McG ove rn ha s 
alienated large segments of the 
population. He can recover the 
equivalent voting strength only 
from those groups who share 
his ideas. I hope that his . 
ideological peers. even if they ' 
prefer the streets to the ballot 
box, will not lose this 
opportunity for direct political 
change. ] foresee no better 
chance in the near fu ture by 
any means. 

Jerry H. Chirico 
Physics Grad 

efficiency. If Mr. Olson is .. _________ .. 
legitimately concerned with 
the continuation of " western 
civilization." he must admit 
that a world war . not 
" Communism." is its worst 
enemy. 

~heAAA 
is (oming 

Charles Steffen .. _________ .1 

mmaaaaaamaaaaaamaaaamaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 

IMPORTED FOOOS- WINES At'" CHAMPAGNE5 
THE HOME Of THE ·ARTr<.HOKE FRIlAllA" 

(.·esci's (' & .1I 
'I ar ~ rt &. n t· lit·alr"t·" 

Ca tr rioj!- ali .izr r artit" 
Food 10 go 

78:33 Girard hr. laJolla.Calif. l.')l)·:}191 
Jaaaaaac~aaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa;aaaaaaaaa;aaat 

10 IIId from Lo. Ange .... 1M FrIrICIIco. a.c,.......,. l1li DItto. Ian .Iott, OIll1and. 
ItoIt1I1OOCf.IurIIInk, 0IUrI0, IIId Long 1NdI. 

Sharing II'IY 01 PSA'. t80 dlily flighla it I gil. And 
with our low Ilr """ flying PSA ian" I wfIoIt 101 
".". .xpIIIIIvt IIIIn hhching. Nryny ira IIItcI 
to gel a ride on till runny. So wily not llicll 
,our IIIuIIIb In till phone 1netIId, IIId dill .. lot 
IIWIMIion? 

..... ,. ... 

page 14 Triton Times May 9, 1972 

•• ,. 6 .. ' .... 

David Harris: An Authentic Man 
JoniGsrwood 

"David, " 
A well-dressed mother rushed to the tall , silent man and 

threw her arms around his waist. He greeted her with 
composed enthusiasm, then gently released her clinging body. 
She happily presented her friends, and be greeted eaeh as if 
they had been his personal friends for years, even those to 
Iwhom he had just been introduced. He smiled at them 
naturally and made a point of twisting his hand into the 
bro~herhood shake. Although only a few were prepared for it , 
theIr faces grew brighter with the realization that yes this is 
David Harrip, and yes, it's right to shake hands like tllb. 
. He sat down and tbey formed themselves around his chair 

like happy children greeting fatber. He listened to their 
telling o.f personal activities in the movement and responded 
With patience and respectful nods and grins. They felt warmed 
by t~ grID. He was a Mandarin, a spiritual bero, a godhead. 
but WIth that grID. well , for a moment they were as important 
as he was. 

" Is anybody going to introduce me?" he asked. 
"Who could ever introduce you? But I'll do it. " 
The last few moments before he was to speak, he pushed his 

glasses up on his forehead and covered his eyes. He did not 
move. Had it been a long day, building up forensic passion 
needed to push the people into aidillg a cause worthy of not 
only their concern, but their daily , dogged support as well? He 
had even gone to jail to prove once and for all that be thought 
the cause was worth sacrificing for . Did he feel bitter that 
these people who sat quietly in the audience and who knew the 
facts a!'out the war as well as he, had to be cajoled, petted. 
wooed ID order to get them to join the battle? He had given so 
much to the cause, so many hours speaking to the people not as 
one would to a petulant child, but as adults who really could 
understand what it meant to give up the years of one 's life for 
a cause. 

I ~~s apocalyp~ic visions of a new world . his gift of reason and 
crlhcal reflextlons on the old. As he looked into the faces of 
those eager followers crowded around him and into the faces 
of those who had crowded around him into the past, certainly 
he must hav~ sensed that, not unlike leeches, tbey would have 
to be fed dally with his own spirit and dreams in order to get 
them to work for the cause. How many times had he said 
. "The revolution existswben you and I elercise that caPacity 
In ourselves, and bring that capacity into shape and to those 
people aroun!l us, that allows us to love. allows us to build a 
socIety around that primary principle- the idea that men come 
together, that the lives we all lead are nothing but fragments 
of one larger life. So, like it or not , I and the rest of us have had 
to make a decision. That decision is very simple : if you want it. 
do .it! And IJ!ere ain't no way around that that I've found ; 
which means If you want a revolution, then we'll have to do it. 
And ~olng it is not going to. be ~a~y . And dOing it is not going to 
be ~Ithout a price, and dOIng It IS not going to be without fun 
but It has ~ be done and it will be done by us. And if it isn't 
done by us It won 't be done." 

"Would you please welcome David Harris?" 

................... ~ 

! Our 11th year of i LOW COST fLIGHTS 
I- lor .'uden' •. Exampl .. : to ROME 5170.S00W: 
_ to LONDON 5166.00 ow. 
: London·TEl AVIV 85.90 ow! 
_ London-ATHE NS 66.30 OW 
.: London·NAIROBI 173.00 OW 
_ H ............ IIIr .... H • 

i ........ ,... · R_, fr" trtml ... : SIIIRA TRAVEL INC. • 
: 

(213) 277·5200., 17'.3111 • 
... 9175 S ... Mlllieol. I ... rly Hil.: 

~ ................. .. 

DR MICHAEl DEAN'S HYP. 
NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con. 
cenl~ ol ion , Educa' iono l sug -
gest ions, weight reduct ion, 
SlO p smok ing , relaxal ion . 
athletic s, ava ilabl e 01 the 
UCSD Bookstore Also Dr 
Dean's books,' . 
Why Do We Jump to Conclu. 
sions?, The Closed Mind, How 
to Les"," Misvnde"tandings, 
ond Understanding and Being 
Undersrood. 

BENIN Of AFRICA 

1105 Prospecl 51. 
La Joll a. Calil. 92037 

(714) 454·0805 
Importers • African F .bries 

Curios, Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

_ : • . a.. 11'1. • u'lil ,.1. 

~ ................ ~ 
• PREPARATION FOR SUMMER • 

• LSAT • 
: GRE ATGSB : 
• NOW EN ROLLIN C • 
e . P~f"Qt\"al ~ I?f' tHts r~\I' ft"d f(lr 'IIm,n 'on to e e 000.1 Q~.du .l e \("001\ 

• \. \fOu·on l OurSe\ ,mall~r Qroup, e 
• 

• l'n'''1 '''0 I.pe 1'\\00"\ 10f ~'VI t"W 
• CCursf''' Mtr II I ~ on~'ant'" updAlt'd e e · Hf'''1t' "uO'l' '''' iIII,,,. , Q'~Q~rtG D." 'Jo;g~rlt ,. ~a c. '" t ,tlel e 

• STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ SlnCl 1938 • 

Quickly he pulled bis bands away from his face and jumped 
on the stage. This was his medium. He looted at borne behind 
tJJ.e microphone in his cowboy boots, jeans and yellow shirt 
1I!Ith rolled up sleeves .. ODe could picture him addressing 
field laboren dreaed like that, not radically at all, but who 
represented A .. _1ea - the people who piad tales and voted for 
the Pr~~nt . and ssng the national anthem like tbey really 
meant Itthis time even though they didn't know all the words 
and the high note at the end was sure hard to hit. " I'd like to 
Istart by talking about that war that 's going on ... " His voice 
had a soft drawl in which words like "Saigon" turned into 
"Saygone." He didn't sound like somebody from Stanford at 
all! But then there were those years spent behind bars in this 
hole of a place in Texas. Had he picked up his accent there? 
They murmured a prayer. "Please God, lei this man be 
luthentiC." 

it was the same war. he said. but changes had been made. 
He then produced a battery of facts that made him appear as if 
he had studied the situation more thoroughly than anybody 
else you ever knew. He named the different kinds of machines 
and bombs and sensors that have reduced the lives of the 
Vietnamese 10 little more than the rubble in which they live. 

Suddenly. you knew why David Harris was speaking and you 
we~e liste~ing . When he told of the horrors of the war. you 
believed him. Wben he said, " I've been thinking on something 
for a long time," you believed him then too. He 'd be a hard 
man to disagree with. You don 't want to disagree with him. 
He 's too good and his argument is controlled and round . As he 
related his facts, his fury did not reduce itself in to platitudes 
and slogans. 

The Amalgated 
Amorphous Is 

Coming 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327F. S'rel1 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

T_.· Sot. 
9:4.5- 5:30 

WomonWeicome 
Closed Sun. ,Mi.n. 

233·8328 

LA JOLLA 
-.. 

PHARMACY 
Sdttl s."Ii.s 

CIS_tics i 
955 Prospect 

II Jolla 
j~1111J 
larbt 

.. , ..... DE LA PLAn 

........ 

5''''''.1, 
,,.I.ce, 
In'l, 

"., & I •• , 

ME ICO 
Travel -.rhile 

you .'tudy 
~hi •• UD1D1er 

••••••••• 

""EEK8 FOR 
$485 

UNIVERSITY 
OF MEXICO CIT 

INCl.UDES 
• Transportation 
• Tuit i on 
• A ccommodation s 

Por :lurt;her In:fo. 
~r"te or call: 

• IN SAN 01£10 AUA (71~) 27~-96,o • ___ '" __ II _____ • ___ ..;.~ 
~ •••••••••••••••• m 

11111 111111111111115111 I r FEIFFER 
~Ut. ~£t? ~ ~P ~ i~ :f" 

i ~ ~ 6~ ~ 6i~ ~ ~ ~ i 1J4ATJ rrs /JOf A J c:!M /i.lWr M..! fWt AI = __ 
~ I '"" I i ~~1i5I~iA l(ifWI~' 1 ~ ru !M

r ~JJ'~. i 
i ~ -----. U M I 
iHlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII .. HIIIIIIIIIIIII_IIIIIIIMIIIHIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIImlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillUllllllllllllilii 

David Harris... . . 
Coaa"_ 'rem Pqe 14 to help Dave Harris in his crusade but did not want to sacrifice all that much. He convinced 

them that it was important to put an initiative 
on the California ballot which would give the 
people a chance to tell the country and world 
that they did not support American 
intervention in Vietnam. However, 325,000 
signatures are needed. Could they help by 
taking the petitions to shopping centers and 
zoos? He threatened them. "People who stand 
back and watch are close to the machines that 
create pain and misery in Asia ." This was the 
last shock of the evening. It was a reference to 
their apathy! They could hardly wait to 
applaud him and snatch up those initiatives. 

He kept the pace of pouring out more facts 
~ ~ quickly as his style would let him, thus 
presenting the possibility that one was 
recelVinl only a fringe of the fury~nly a 
fringe of his knowledge. But that was enough. 
H is energy finally spilled over and the people 
absorbed it. Their prayers were answered. 
IThey showed that David Harris was authentic 
because they didn 't interrupt his speech with 
clapping but once. Ther didn't move from 
their seals at all . 

He ended his speech by offering an 
alternative, a safe exit, for those who wanted 

\(; ~~~~\ ~oe; ~~~ ({;~s Before buying, let your 
t~~o4 Credit Union test your new 

car's loan interest 
performance. 

This Simple road test can save you money. And the 
money you save by financing throush your Credit Union 
can liso be realized on mobile homes, travel tra ilers, 
trueks and campers on trucks when financed as 
part of the vehicle 
Call today for Information about Credit UnIOn Auto 
FinanCing and our tree loan protection Insurance 

Q[]~[§ 
UNIVERSITY & STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNMlN: '. ~QlT&ION ~5M,ldrt4MtHt. SanCMto. C."IOfl'nll"2110 · Pt\oIIe2971131 ~ ~ .... 

SUI ~A...-. $til Dotto Celtforn .. 92115' PtIone 2164210 

Serving academiC and sIaff employees al UCSD La Jolla campus. S I O . PI loma and San YSidro Health Cl iniC 

THE CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD 
PRESENTS 

Elvin Bishop 
AND 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MANNA 
$2.00 UCSD Students 

FRIDAY 
May 19 

U(SD Gym 

$2.50 Other College 
ADVANCE 

$3.00 General Ad. 
and other 
College at door 

riCKETS A VAILAILE 
AT UIlEY HALL lOX OffiCE 

Opini~..!!. 

War Research-A Look at APIS 
by William Maltz 

UCSD and the Scripp's Institute of 
Oceanography are nationally recognized for 
their scientific ·research. Not well publicized. 
but well known in Defense Department 
circles, is the applicability of UCSD research 
for military purposes. 

The center for much of UCSD's Defense 
Department funded research is the APIS 
(Applied Physics and Informational Sciences I 
Department at Muir . Although none of the 
research done at APIS is classi fied . the same 
people who do research at Naval Electronics 
Laboratory Corporation (NEL I also control 
APIS. 

A short hi story of NEL and some of its 
current projects along with clarification of the 
ties between NEL and "our " APIS 
Department will show why UCSD must sever 
all ties with NEL or else conlinue direct 
participation in war research. 

In 1941. the Visibili ty L~b and the Mari ne 
Physical Lab were integrated into NEL. At the 
Itime. they were jointly known as the 
University of California War Research 
Division. Later the labs received separate. 
more sophisticated titles. But despite the 
name changes. the init ial purpose of the UC 
War Research Division has not changed. War 
research. mainly classified. still remains the 
primary purpose for the existence of the 
facilities at NEL. Thru the years. the research 
has become more technicaf. as has the method 
the US government uses to wage war . As a 
result the importa nce of NEL to the Pentagon. 
and the dangers it poses to humanity can not 
be ignored . 

The Applied Physica l (not to be confused 
with the " Informational Sciences" l aspects of 
the APIS Dept. has long had close ties with 
NEL. The director of the ViSibility Lab. Dr. 
Siebert Q. Duntley. is a prominent faculty 
member of APIS. He is also prominent at 
Scripps. DunUey. a world renowned " leader " 
on the subject of " image restoration". works 
for the Visibili ty Lab because hi knowledge IS 
of immense mili tary va lue. Victor Anderson. 
also an APIS pro·fessor. is the Associate 
Director of the Marine Phvsical Laborator\, . 
He is a highly rated t!xpert on sonar studie·s. 
Like Duntlev. Anderson's research is 
considered vafuable bv the militar\,. 

Image restoration 'involves a process thaI 
Ispeeds up the interpretation of video tapes 
taken for reconnaissance purposes. Through 
the use of computer technology and other 
electrical sensoring methods. interpretation 
speed is greatly increased .. '. The military is 
interested in image restoration because it 
increases their abili ty to respond quickly to 

tbe movement of small bodies of troops in 
Vietnam and other places. Image restoration 
in fact is becoming a key aspect of the anti· 
guerilla strategies being formulated for use 
throughout the Third World. 

Sonal studies. being pursued by the likes of 
Anderson. is an equally fascinating field . As in 
the case of "image restoration". sonal slUdies 
makes use of highly sophisticated electronic 
and computer technology. Its value to anti· 
submarine warfare is negligible compared the 
potential the sonar studies holds in other 
areas. Sonal devices currently being dropped 
in Vietnam along the Ho Chi Minh Trail that 
detect almost any movement are an end 
product of these ·studies. The use of sonal 
devices are an integral part of the airwar. Not 
being able to see the target becaue of fog or 
clouds can be overcome through the 
development of sophisticated sonal detection 
equipment. B-52 's can be ordered to bomb 
those targets that appear "likely to contain 
'enemy' troops" according to the sonal 
devices. That these sonal devices mav not be 
able to distinguish between soldiers and 
peasants is an addihonal crucial point that we 
have to consider. 

The head of APIS is Dr. Henrv Booker. 
While he holds no position at ·NEL. his 
credentials are nevertheless im pressive. Dr . 
Booker probably has more influence ID 
obtaining Department of Defense funding than 
any other UCSD professor. Booker is a rather 
obscure professor who is eldom seen on 
campus because he does classified research 
and consultations for a number of federal 
agencies. It is believed that he has close ties 
with the CIA and that he ha been 
instrumental in obtaining CIA grants for 
research projects al Scripp 's and NEL 
Speculation concerning his ties with the CIA 
were heightened when it was discovered that 
he kept a drawerfull of campus radical 
li terature neatly filed . A report. written by 
Booker. was also discovered two years ago. 
The uniqueness of this report hes In the fact 
that it included a comprehenSive plan to 
" destroy' the campus left and counter the 
propaganda of the left with righlwing 
propaganda. This [-Ian has unfortunate 
similarities to CIA and the CIA controlled 
Voice of America plan to counter "communist 
propaganda through education." 

While our best information tells us that 
classi fied files are no longer kept on Muir . 
I Revelle. or Th ird Colleges. we can conclude 
that the research done at APIS. and funded by 
the Defense Department compliments the 
classified militarv research done at EL. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETRY 

ATTNE 
NEW MI DWA Y Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BL YD. (AcrOII from Sporll Areno 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED. 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.·Fri. 11 A.M.· 8 P.M.; Sol. 10 A.M .. 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 

latest fash ions 
in wire f rames 

The Golden Rollin Belly 
Pub/Restaurant 

EIt,rtaillllltftt Nigh~y 
s.Iay Ir. C.trt 

Prile Ria 
._ (ISHrtits 

i~ "A unique dinin~ expericn·ce. ,," ~m 
.):<. • .... 't\ 
-:;:0:, .>:.~ 
• 1II11,.SI .. hUlar 111-1414. ~~:; 

.~ 
May 9, 1972 Triton Times Page 15 

.. 



r 

~..-.--classifieds ----1111!111!1 .......... -------...... 
travel services 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SPR I NG-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FAR E S 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 1129 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL- AFRICA-

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIPi 
JAPA N : F ROM 13~9 
ROUND-TRIPi CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or .53-2111 .2.1 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca. 90230. (r) 
EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM 1220 
ONE WAY FROM 1135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca. 92~ (7W 133-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 
3O-day guided tour to Japan 
S775. Travel fees, lodging, 
meals. Call.53-2~, (51l2) 

personal 
EARNSSO 

Help me pass French 
competency test. ~88-3227 
after 6. (5/2) 
Wanted : fem. stdt - summer 
&Ior next yr. - 3 hrl day 
babysit for rm. and bd . Add . 
si tt ing paid. Location near 
campus. 453-5998. (5/2) 
Wanted : Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nec. 
S15/hr . Eve, Call 287-4966. 

FREE U OF SAN DIEGO 
NEEDS TEACHERS . 
SHARE YOUR KNOW-
LEDGE OR SKILL. NO DE-
GREES REQU IRED. FOR 
JULY -SEPT . SESSION 
CALL BY MAY 26, 273-4925 
or 755-6175 (511 2) 

Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nee. Up to S2S/hr. Good 
hours. 235-0691 nltes. (3/10) 

"The University Staff 
Personnel Office Is 
accepting applications for 
full-time career and 
promotional positions. 
Current openings Ire listed 
bl-weekly on campus 
bulletin boards. An equal 
opportunity employer. (519) 

TEACHER OPENINGS 
Current listings of hundreds 
of California schools stili 
seeking teachers, faculty, 
and staff In all fields. 
Elementary schools 
through colleges, 13. Calif . 
School Placement Bureau, 
197. Thousand Oaks Blvd. 
Berkeley, Calif. 9~706 . 
(5116) 

The student Public Interest 
Research Group needs to be 
supported by I clear 
majority of UCSD students. 
Sign up now. (5112) 

SELF, SEXUALITY, 
SENSIBILITY: 

Three Sunday evenings in 
May with leaders in Gestalt, 
Bio-Energetic, and Direct 
Decision Therapy, 
presented by Gestalt 
Therapy I nstitute of San 
Diego. May Wh, Harold 
Greenwald, Ph.D., Direct 
Decisi9n therapist, "Play 
Therapy for Children Over 
Twenty-One": May 21, 
" Survival Value of 
Self ishness" T. Munson, 
M.D., friend of Fritz Perls, 
Gestalt Therapist : "You 
Don't HAVE a Body : You 
ARE a Body" with Stanley 
Kelleman, Bio-Energetic 
therap i st. House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park . 8 
p.m. Ser ies : Students, S5.00. 
Regular S7.50. Individual 
programs : Students SUS, 
Regular S3.00. Available at 
the door. 

UNST. for STUDY of 
ATTENT ION ISA, a non-
prof it educational institute 
i s now accepting 
applicat ions for summer 
and fall quarters from 
qual if ied students for 

admission to Mvaneed high 
school and college courses 
utilizing m.thods Ind 
theories d.veloped by ISA 
and used In their UCSD 
Ext.nslon program. 
Contect I SA at 753-9912. 
(519) 

SERVICES 

WRITING CLINIC 
Readers are available to 
check your rough draft ot 
help with any writing 
problem you may hive. 
FREE, callx2.01. (T) 

MCAT IDAT: Summer 
home study review and 
testing program for the 
Med Icall Dental Admission 
Tests. For Informltlon 
write: Graduate Studies 
Center, Box 316, New York, 
NY, 10011. (512) 

DISTI NCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satlsfactionls the end 
product. Helen ~59-8828. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND FOR-
EIGN CARS. REPAIRS 
AND POLLUTION CON-
TROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT n. HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (I N THE 
REAR) 459-9181. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

Typing . IBM Electric 
typewr i ter . Work 
guaranteed. 453-8148. (5112) 

for sale 
'68 Austin America- 38,000 
needs engine and trans. 
work, new radials . ~50. 755-
7604. 

' 71 Honda CB 350. 4000 
miles. Excellent condition, 
extras 755-8197 eves. (512) 

SURFBOARDS+sa!e-6' 3" 
- 115&155 7'."-$25-Dan. 755-
736"fter 6. (515) 

Plnasonlc, Portable 
AC/DC. AM/FM 
Radio/record player. Stili 
under guarantee. New 
needle. Perfect for beach. 
S.O Contact lan, 302 
Gallthea Hall, RC. (5112) 

SCUBA TANKS Twin 'n 
w/back pack J value wI 
reserve S125 ~53-2613 (5/2) 

lost & found 
LOST AND FOUND ADS IN 
THE TR ITON TIMES ARE 
FREE 

Found: Sweater at Revelle 
Caf. after Friday's dance. 
CIII.53-916O, Rick. (5112) 

LOST- Norwegian BI~. ­
hound (resembles Husky), 
Male, 3 months old, slivery 
grlY, near Scripps Pier, 
collar-no tags. REWARD: 
278-1125 or ~S.-5706. (5/2) 

LOST : Mixed Ship. pup, 6 
mos. Old . Brown with black 
marking. EI Cajon license 
no. 6090. Reward. "2-5115. 
(5/2) 

FOUND: One pair of 
sunglasses by Revelle 
Cafeteria. Call Larry at ~53-
1651 (519) 

LOST : Dark brown wallet 
in second floor Bonner 
washroom. I need the I D's, 
no questions asked. Call.53-
5209 (519) 

LOST: Glasses. Brown 
amber plastic frame. 
Brown leather case. Please 
call 454-6874 any hour . (5 /9) 

LOST: One jade & gold loop 
earring, May 3, between 
Muir's 20 and commons, or 
around dirt parking lot. 
REWARD. Mrs. D.O. Muth, 
.5HI20. (5112) 

REWARD for Info on gr"n 
Peugot IIHp. stol.n from 
Blake Hall Mey 1st. Lock 
cut with Bolt cutters. Call 
Eric ~5:H613 or 2n·~51. 
(5112) 

LOST: blk purse Friday 
night. Revell. Cafe . 
Contains Impt. ID's & 
glasses. No questions 217-
0709. (5/12) 

FOU NO: Green crocheting 
on Muir. Call Larry It 453-
1651. (5/2) 

housing 
Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, Ipt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets: Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo.. U tah ~1. 

I need a place to live this 
summer, hopefully In Del 
Mar, Sollna or La Jolla. 
Call me at ~S3-8136i Geoff 
Furman. 

Roommate needed for 
September own rm., ocn 
view. Prefer female. For 
more info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

Rmmate needed for 
September own rm., ocn 
view. Prefer female. For 
more info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

WANTED: Apt . for 
summer for 2-3 girls. 
Preferably Pacific Beach, 
La Jolla, or Del Mar. Call 
Barbara or Judy . • 53-312~. 
(519) 

Going to UC Santa Barbara 
next year & looking for 
rommate(s) to share a 
place in I. V. Let's get 
together & discuss 
possibilities. Howard .53-
~ F-72Tioga. (5112) 

advertisements for ourselves 
~-----announcennents----~--------.. ----------------~ 

tuesday 
AI R WAR VOTE planning 
and orientation meeting 
7:30 ton ight, 506 Mathews 
Campus. All welcome. 
Br ing ideas and energy. 

survey, virgins compr ise 
approx imately 37 per cent 
of the U.S. population. 
However, of the 10 major 
Amer ican corporations, 
virgins represent only 19 
percent of those employed 
in execut i ve positions . 

The C ~r i s ti an Sc ience Interested in how you can 
Organ i ~ at ion will hold its get involved with one of 
regu lar f.veekly meeting America 's most exploited 
tonight .t 7 p.m . in the minority groups? Then 
Blake Conference Room. come to a meeting of the 
All st Jdents and faculty Amer ica n Vi rg ins 
memb'!r s are cordially Association, today at 3 p.m . 
inv ited to attend. in lower Blake Lounge. 

PI RG : Have you heard 
about the PI RG pet ition 
that i s now bei ng 
circuleted? Get behind the 
effort to get this worthwhile 
projec ' going. We can really 
change something! Come to 
the meeting today at 7 p.m. 
in the fishbowl (lower Muir 
commons ). 

ding to a recent 

wednesday 
Tonight at 8 p.m. there will 
be a talk on "The Middle 
East Hang-Up": an in-
depth psychological 
analYSis by Dr. Bryant 
Wedge at the Jewish 
Community Center, 4079 
S.th St., San Diego. No 
admission charge to 
"friends of the library" -
adults S 1, Stud.nts SOc. 

Page 16 Triton Times May 9, 1972 

thursday 
Robert Vaughn will speak 
on perspectives of the 
McCarthy Era today at 1 
p.m ., Revelle Plaza . 
Sponsored by UCSD 
students for McGovern. 

dealing with the 1921 
revolutionary war in 
Ireland. UCSD Theatre, 203 
Matthews, 8 p.m . Students : 
S1. General : S2 . 
Reservations - 2941. 

friday 
Again the performance of 
ROSES DON'T GROW 
HERE NO MORE will be 
shown in UCSD Theatre, 203 
Matthews, 8 p.m . Students 
Sl , Generali S2 . 
Reservations - X2~91 . 

general 

Ramon Caldera, a 
representative of Stanford 
University Personnel 
Department, will be on 
campus today to interview 
Chicano students at any 
degree level, regardless of 
major, for professional and 
administrative pcsitions. The deadline for applying 
For an appointment to talk for the position of KSDT 
with Mr. Caldera, please station manager for the 
call extension 2~1. year 19n-73 Is 6 p.m. May 

HOEDOWN. American folk 
dancing with live music. 
Muir commons, I p.m. 

II. Apply In writing to John 
Clarke, KSDT Rldlo, 31~ 
MC. 

UCSD does have an Irchery 
Performlnce of ROSES ange which is now located 
DON'T GROW HER E NO bout 200-300 yards north of 
MORE, a play written and the Muir parking lot lust off 
directed by Tom McCorry, N. Torrey Pines Rd. (r .. lly 

close) . Equipment can be 
checked out at the cage in colleges attended. Do 
the gym. mail the application until 

Want to do something about 
the war? Get an lir war 
vote petition at the 
noontime tables at Revelle 
or Muir, grab a friend, and 
get out into the community. 
You will get to discuss the 
war with people you never 
knew existed. 
UCSD WOME N'S 
MEETING, noon 
I nternational Center. 
UCSD's affirmative action 
commitments and 
activities will be discussed. 
All welcome. 

AMCAS has received 
ial trlnscrlpts from 

IS, including the 
19n transcript from 

. If you hive 
Ived the appllcltlon 

AMCAS, start now 
Ing transcripts from 

other than UCSD to 
sent directly to AMCAS. 

If you have questions about 
how to fill out the new 
AMCAS application, come he second .xhlblt consists 
to the Revell. College plester fragments Ind 
Informal Loung. May 20, I works by Joyce Shew. 
9:30-11:30 a.m., or May 30, can be viewed In the 
7-9 p.m. Bring the ,_,.,."..n, of Building 2A 
application, questions, and at the Muir Campus. 
If possible, copl.. of exhibits 
transcripts from all 111.m.·3 p.m. 


