
La Jolla Residents Face Eviction 
It now appears that the eight poor 

amilies who fa ced eviction to make way for 
condominium will be able to remain in 

heir La jolla homes for at least 30 days past 
he Oct. 27 deadline set by their landlord, 
li nton McKinnon. M cKinnon is a former 
ongressman and owner of the SENTINEl. 
M cKinnon exp lained to his tenants at a 
eeting last Sunday that he must act in his 

own best interest and begin construction on 
is condominium before Nov. 7 when he 
xpects a 30-foot height limit to be ap-
roved for La jolla by the voters. This would 

Imit his proposed five-story building to 
hree. 
The tenants complained that there is no 

ow-cost housing anywhere in the area and 
hat 30 days was not enough time. The 60 
eople affected are mostly chicanos and 
lacks and many are maids and gardeners 
or La Jolla families. They have neither the 
ime nor the transportation necessary to 
ook for housing that does not exist. 

A second meeting to solve the crisis was 
planned for and held Wednesday in the 
Greater Prince Chapel AME Church, as was 
the first meeting. Rev. Lonnie Wormley 
again chaired the group. 

"We postponed this meeting for two days 
so that Mr. McKinnon could be here; why 
isn't he here?" Mrs. josie Foulks asked, 
speaking, she said, for the families facing 
eviction who could not attend the meeting 
because they must work . 

Mrs. Bloomfield, representing Clinton 
McKinnon, explained that he was very busy 
and, at the tim of the meeting, in EI Cajon 
on bu, iness. She answered few questions, 
but repeatedly said that McKinnon had 
great sympathy for his tenants. He had been 
losing money, she said, because of the low 
rent he asked of the families. She said 

. McKinnon had held the land for more than 
seven years and now it was time to collect 
his investment. M cKinnon h as land 
holdings all over the count y with an 
assessed value of nearly a million and a half 
dollars. 

For M cKinnon to be able to beat the ov. 
7 height restriction and build to fi ve stori es, 
he must show that "substa ntial construc-
tion" has taken place. 

Retired judge Roger Ruff in said tha t he 
would have onl y to rale one of th e 
buildings and begin to dig the foundation, 
as well as show that prelim inary expenses 
had been incurred, to establ ish "substan t ial 
construct ion ." 

" But," he said, " the prospects look d im 
for issuance of a bu ild ing permit b fore 
Nov. 7." " We may have som thing to 
forestall this for a good long time" He said 
that h and Gord on Rubm from the Legal 
Aid SOCI ty have deSigned "legal defenses" 
that cou ld keep the tenan ts from being 
evicted. 

He decli ned to go mto the nature of th( 
defense and asked that a closed meeting of 
those di rectl y involved be held, saymg that 
any decisions about possible laWSUits should 
be held p rivately With the tena nts. 

Counci lman Gil Johnson said he does not 
see any possibility of McKinnon's obtammg 

a p rmlt In timl' . HI' referred to the recent 
statp Supreme Court rultng that has nearly 
haltl'd issuance of building pl'rmlts and 
cau~ed delays of more than four weeks 

The ruling rl'quires that the environmen-
tal Impact of any budding proJPct be 
evaluated. The guid Imes for e"aluatlon, 
howevf'(, have not be n estab!:shed. 

A rl'al answer to the problem has not 
bl'en found . Thl' clty\ Il'asl' hOUSing 
program could offer no hop(' for Immediatp 
rl'l ll'f as there are sevl'n thousand familil'S in 
San Dlello alrl'ady wailing for low-coS! 
un II) Rev Wormlpy told thp group that 
thPrp hdS bl'l'n a trend for the' poor to ha\p 
to IpaV(' La Jolla for a long tlmp 

A committe,' {omposl'd ot tov.n COUrKtI 
m!'mbers, bu~inessmen, clPrg • local 
ch,rdnm and othpr peopl!' has bl'en formpd 
to work fo r pl'rmdnent ,olutlons 

T!'mporary chair man V\altf'r James said, 
"~VNv year La Jol ld losps 10 t.Jmilr('s thiS 
way II we' don't lind a ,olutlon thPre will 
som('day b(' no minorities In La Jolla at all. 
ThPrp are amw('fs." 

Propo ition 6, 7, 8 In Trouble? 
Modest Propositions Legal Aid Available 

Greg Hicks 

The issues contained in 
Propositions 6, 7, and 8 repre-
'ent a wide range of problems 
nd questions. 
The proposals whi ch are 

ontained in Proposition 6 can 
e Simply stated . This proposi-
ion suggests a small number 
f changes. in the California 
tate Constitution . If the 
ropos ition is passed the 
rovision in the state constitu-

IOn which limits the terms of 
flice rs and commissioners to 

our years, if this term is not 
Ipe'C'lfied in the Constitution, 

auld be repealed . The 
Legl~lat urt' would define these 
erm>. Th propmition would 
1>0 stipulate that the salaries 

)f f I('cted state officers could 
ot be reduced during their 
('[m~ of office. 

Proposi tion 7 likewi se 
rnnmes a number o f hanges 

n the tat Constitution . A 
w~ , vote on thi s propo it ion 

1\ould provide for changes in 
t I ( I.ltln~ to qua lifi ca tion ~ fo r 
n in~, primary elections, and 
lthPr ma tt ers hav ing. to do 
IIh elections. The voting age 
(qui r e m e nt would b e 
h,lnged from 21 years to 18 
I H\. (This reall y amounts to 
I) more than changing a 

r()\I~ lon made obsolet by 
h( Twenty-six th Amendment 
() the U. . onstitution .) The 

,'~id('nc(' r quirement~ would 
( (hanged from one year 
(' Idt'nle In the tate, 90 days 
("/(fl'nce in the county, and 
4 days residen p in th elec-
hln preri nct to an amount of 
In I' which the L gislature 
(ll/Id de ide on . 

The Californi a Supreme 
Court has r cently changed 
the requirements to 30 days Various legal ser ices are the types of problems en-
for state, county, and precinct now available to all under- countered by students" Thl'se 
(thi s could , however, be graduates who fill out and lawyers are a\ailable to furn ish 
changed by a futur court send back an appltcation form advice and answ r quest ions 
decision!. Proposi tion 7 would for membership In the Center regarding Indlli/dual legal 
also abolish the clause in the for Legal and ocial ervices. problems (that ma pertain to 
State Con stitution which Regularly-collected fees were aCCidents, u~('d car hassles, 
prohibits those illiterate in the used to pay for the program small claim rourt, consumer 
English language from voting. after the student body gave Its fraud, or am ot her matter). 
This requirement was approvalinareferendumheld E\en studen member also 
suspended until Aug. 6, 1975 in last M arch . Because the fee IS will be entitled to one free 
som counties by the Federal on ly collected from un- consultation with a panl' at-
Vo tin g Rig h t sAc t dergraduates, a graduate stu- torne~ in hiS olilcl' durin li; the 
Amendments of 1970. This dent who w ishes to obtain the period of sen ill' Once tne 
proposition would also cove r age must pay a student hds b(' n referred oa 
redefine residence as it affects membership fee on an in- panel attorn('\ here arf' no 
peopl e moving from on e dlvi dual basi . The fl'e for re,trtctlom Ur()p the t\P or 
county or precinct to another. UCSD graduate students and l'xtent ot leg.!1 rt'pre,ent,,1I0Q 
In addition, it would abolish th eir families has b ee n lor \\hich tht ,tucien! m.l\ 
ce rt ain aspect of the law reduced, howl.'\er, from the {ontr.1< t. 
relatin g to primary elections center 's normal membNshlp (3) ~m('rgpn( \ help In 
(no substant ial changes would fee arrl',t,-th(' tudent npf>d 
be made, however) . It would The c nter pro\ Ide, legal onl\ tll phollf> 0'11' numh r In 
delete provislom having to do ervices in three area,: (1) th(' (!\('nt ot .In arrt' t, an j the 
with condu c t of el ec ti o ns Education-throug h a (<'ntN tdt (\·hl h"on-caIl24 
(aga in, the chang s would be program including seminar" hour d day) \\t! u'<' thp I lor-
relative ly minor) . nl.'wspaper articles and " do- matlon furl1l,hpd 0n he 

Up to Date It-yourself" legal proolem- m('mo('r,hlr apl'II< dtlOI1 10('11 
Those who favor Proposition soh,ing kit , the cente'r ~taff to P('~ thl' t.toerlt" 'pp ,1 

7 state that ra ssage of the hopes to prevent needle dlf- rC'll'd (' from tdt! Rplea ()r 
meas ure w ould delete ob- ficultles and unhappy con- no oad (nn thp r p·nbC" 
solete mat(' rial in th State frontallon with the legdl " O\\'n rpco 'nIZ.Hhl") (an 

onstitution and bring it up to y tem trequentl, b' notdlnt'd, ('l,t-
dat . Th ey say also that it Man of the diff icul t ling the time th .. ,tudpnt mu't 
would rem ove unn eces ary Ituatlon that contront ,pendinldillromupto"'"eral 
langu ag contained in the .--________________________ -, students are problem~ onl~ \Cr\ unplN,ant Ii.!\, to I ' a 
Constitution and provide a because the rndl\ldual lad. tcw hour" III mo,t ta P'; II 
clear and conci article on The oast Cru iser will begi n ~ervice f ro m En initas to Del knowl('dge and or acces to ha t j, impo",hlt'. th(' (,pnlN 
votin !>, jame~ Whet more, ad ' the r(',ources that ,""ould \'.111 wor~ to gl't hat! wt at .1 

.., M ar thi M on ay morning. ~ t a te ~enator from the 35th Bus dri v er~ Alii o n Pickerin g. Ela ine Cornell , Bill nead, and ('nable him to deal with the minimum "tt('r r('iC'a l', the 
DI's tri ct and opponent of h f I f' 'C . ~IIUJtlon frequentl, (enl('r "" lIr('l(f Iw,tuden to Tony Barnw II announce t a t or t 1(" ,, ~ t Wl'(,,, oaq rUI er J 
Propos ition 7, stales th at se rvicl' will b<:> free to a quaint Iho<;e rl'Siding m orth landlord tendnt problem , lor J p.JnC' I ,1\tornp.\ tor 0/1(' Irl'\' 
th o u g h r es iden ce r - e~ample, C,1n hI' workp.d out (on,ult,lIlon to dn~wer 

ounty with it s service. 
quirement s have been Np twe k '~~ch cdu le isa~ follows · sail factortl" without thl' quc\tlon~ and di<;cu"" h(' 
reduced to 30 days thi deci- neel' Sit 01 a lawYe'r If the' chMgl's filed againq thl' ,tu-
sion can bc reve rsed . He ays ,tud('nt IS aware of d few balc dcnt thl' -rudenl's legal right, 
also in conn ction with the Monday Through Friday: l.1w' and procedure' Ln- and thl' diff('rl'nt .Jltprnarl>e' 

cont('\ted divorce~ (or dl~- open to him 
continued on pa e 12 ~olu\lons) can man time be l ow Fee 

Factory Reopens Leaves ENCINITAS 7:20 a.m. 
8:20 a.m. 

Arrives UCSO/ UREY HAL 
7:50 a.m. 
8:50 a.m. 

ob tained by the pMt I'S \ m Ipl' ch.Hg('d tOI legal 
them,(>lvcs Without h.1'"ing to repr\' ('ntatlnn hcyond an in-
pay legal tees nd con ullier Hldl (on\ultatlon will be at the 

prool(>m~ can often be rdtf' of onl'-half th(' minimum 
.lVoldpd by individual, awcrl' B.H "'~O(l.ltlon fr , Further 
of th(,1r righ t a~ con~umer<) thl' altornl'\, ha\f' agreed to 

1 h(' A nomal y Fal-tory 
"ope ns thE' " Ama l ing 

'\m.llga mated Amorphous" 
h" hiday and aturday at 8 
) m. Alt r major modifi-
.1tlon to the male and th 
n,la liation of em rg ncy fir 
~ .,t ... the fir mar hal has 
Igrced to allow th u of the 

fa ctor y as .l performan ce 
.. pace for th remaindrr of th 
CUI rent run . " Amorphous " is a 
multi -scnsual theatrical mal 
in which thl' audien i fre(> 
to choo their own dire tion , 
length of tay, and degre of 
parti Ipation . Ti k ts are 
available at the Urcy Hall Bo 
Office or at th door (257 M ). 

9:20 a.m. 

Leaves UCSO/ 
5:10 p.m. 
6: 10 p.m. 
10:10 p.m. 

UREY HALL 

9:50 a.m. 
Arrive Encinita 
5:40 p.m. 
6:40 p.m. 
10:40 p.m. 

Attorney Available 

(2) i i l re ferral-the cent(>r 
malnlaln an open ('n~~~ ;:"-
el of alto rne s who are "ex-
perlC'n ed m and \en It I e to 

be IIp'ibl(' In \\orklng out an 
Jrcommodatlng paym nt 
..,hedull' With tudent 
ml'mh('(, huch as a down pay-
,.-" ... ,"rl n"' ...... "thl" In ... 
q allm(>nt I 

continued on pa e 9 



More Protests in '72, 

The American Council on 
Education says that campus 
"anti -war" demonstrations in 
April were less violent but 
more numerous than those 
following U.S. military action 
in Cambodia in 1970. 

In a recently released 
report , two Council 
researchers, Dr. Alan E. Bayer 
and Dr. Alexa nder W. Astin, 
estimated demonstrations oc-
curred on 16% of American 
campuses after the 1970 incur-

Murder Suspect A d 
sion into Cambodia, co m -

rres te pared to 27 0/0 in April of t~is 
year after renewed U.S. raids 

Richard Keith hoopman, alleged murderer of Holly 
Halvorson, former UC D student, was found and arrested 
recpntl y in Larkspur, California . 

The UCSD coed was shot while hitchhiking from Del Mar to 
the campus. Witnesses SilY her body was thrown from a fast 
moving car near the Muir campus on luly 29. Miss Halvorson 
was ta~pn to cripps Hospital where she died. 

The suspect IS bein~ held, pending tr ia l, in San Diego. 

ity Council 
Intern Program 

The chance to gain academic credit for work in City 
government may have arrived for UCSD students. Students, 
E'specially those in Urban and Rural Studies, Third World 
Studies, SOCiology, Political cience, History and Economics 
may now be able to gain academiC credit for working with the' 
San Dip~o City Council. 

urrently many colleges and universitie offer un-
dergraduates programs in which they can Intern with local, 
slate ,lOd federal governme:1!S. The UC system oilers these 
programs elsewhere but as yet, the San Diego campus has not 
been able to establish such a program . 

The an Diego City Council is already working in coopera-
tion with Cal State San Diego. The head of the intern program 
there has expressed a desire to see this campus imolved also. 
1 his will give students an opportunity to learn about city 
government and earn credit while working from thE' inside. 

on North Vietnam. 
" The tone of unrest in April 

was significantly different than 
that of earlier years," they 
added. " There were few in -
cidents of violence or destruc-
tion ." 

Their estimates were based 
on a 100% re sponse to a 
national survey of 242 
representative insti tuti ons for-
ming ACE's " Higher Education 
PaneL" The panel provides an 
accurate sampling of 
America's 2500 univE'rsities, 
four-year colleges, and junior 
and community collE'ges. 

Consistent with earlier fin-
dings about ca mpus unrest , 
the April demonstrations 
appeared to be concentrated 
in the larger universities and 
more selective colleges. The 
researchers said only 16% of 
the smaller institutions (less 
than 1000 students ) e x-
perienced protests, and fewer 
than 10'10 of the predominant-
ly black institutions had any 
protests. Regionally, 36.:;01. of 
mstitutions in the Northeast 
had protests, 25.3% in the 
Mid-We st , 14 .40/. in the 

Factionalism 

says A.C.E. 
Southeast, and 29.7% in the'" 
West and Southwest. 

"Nationally, the student 
strike called for Friday, April 21 
was largely unsupported," 
Bayer and Astin said. "Only 
four per cent of the in-
stitutions reported any general 
observance of the strike, and 
only about 2% of the cam-
puses (an estimated 53 in-
stitutions) had as much as one-
third of the student body ab-
sent from classrooms in sup-
port of the strike. Numerically, 
the number of students in 
each of the incidents averaged 
about 120, with an estimated 
52 campus incidents involving 
more than 500 students." 

The two researchers said 
that destruction of property in 
the April demonstrations was 
"rare." They estimated that 
only one per cent of the 
nation's campuses had any 
property destruction. On the 
other hand, they said, 16% of 
all institutions had peaceful 
marches or rallies . Silent vigils 
were held at an e stimated 99 
institutions. 

The researchers concluded 
that "stu dents have 
demonstrated a contin uing 
capacity to mobilize in order 
to protest the war, but they 
have turned in large measure 
to nonviolent means in their 
attempts to effect change in 
national policy regarding this 
issue ... these resu Its are con-
sistent with results compiled 
for the last (1970-71) academic 
year and demonstrate that the 
camouses are not as tranquil as 
has been supposed nor have 
students dropped their active 
concern for the pressing 
national issues of the day." 

Mars Anyone Interested is asked to attend a meeting Tuesday, Oct 17, In the Fishbowl on Muir Campus at 11 a.m. If it IS not 
possible' for you to attend you are asked to leave your name 
and phone number before Tuesday at the Student 
EducatIOnal Change and Development Center. Those who do 
~o will be contacted later. 

\\Anti-war" Offensive 

Barnouw Case Issues 
To Be Discussed By AFT 

Are Universit y grievance procedures for academic per-
sonnel adequate? Should academic personnel have access to 
Iheir own files? The San Diego local of University Council-
American Federation of Teachers, is sponsoring a panel 
discussion of these and other issues involved in the case of Dr . 
Dagmar Barnouw. Topics include criteria for promotion of 
academiC personnel , gri vance procedures available wi thin 
the University, and recourse to legal procedures outside the 
UniverSity. Panelists include Dr Barnouw, Professor Walter 
Koppelman, Philosophy DepartmE'nt, SDSU, Sam Bottone, 
Executive Secretary, UC-AFT, Helen Longino, Philosophy 
Dppartment, UCSD. The discussion, to be chaired by 
Profrs<or lohn Leonard, History Department, UCSD, is 
schC'duled for this afternoon (Friday) at 3, in the Blake 
Conference Room. 

University Church 
In The Pines 

l 1"prsity Lutheran Church worship Sunday, Oct. 15, will 
bp , t l orrey Pines Park with Pastor and Mrs. Nels Oas . Come 
10 t w r hurrh, 9595 La loll" Shores Drive, at 9:30 a.m. to pool 
rid! or m E't <It the park al 10 a.m. 

r 11' f'IVI(l' will bp a rllatog 'd~~n ("pnt red on th mes of 
jllf1llhdn LIVIngs/on SeJRull, J current best se ller. Pastor Oas 
std t ., Ihat the book I~ dn Implling parable of the need for 
Ml\ 'rHur!' and risk In hUrTIdn f'xperi ncp that challenges th 
10ul of mdn to I trptch hiS wings and discovN the flight of his 
l[lilit rhNE' mdY ~Iso be a c hdll nllP to the Church In thf' 
p"r.,blr' 10 piMP thr feed,"~ "nd spcuriTY vdlu s of man in d 
h,lf'PV (np~"tpmp with thp flv'"!l dnri soaring values. Thl'se 
Ihough" M(' ,"r~p\ul,tt('(J In ,1 po('m P"stor OdS ha, Wrltl(' n 
lor Ihl' occaSion 

t nlp'.\ I dm rootroln the' lo ll 
I (dn not rPM h for thp ~tar\ 

Unl .. l\ I am In touch wllh Ihr parth 
I (dn not tranK('nd to thp sun 

Triton Times Page 2, 0 tober 13, 1972 

Radical "an tiwar" groups in 
se veral cities are now planning 
a nationwide O ct . 14 protest 
against the Vietnam Wa r, and 
hope to cre at e mass 
demonstrations that will dwarf 
those of previous years . 
However, ideological 
differences between the two 
major political groups plan-
ning the protest have resulted 
in a major breakdown in the 
preparations for the event. 

The two political groups 
- the National Peace Action 
Coali t ion (NPAC) and the 
People's Com mittee for Peace 
and lustice (PCPIl differ o n the 
basic purpo se of the 
demonstrations. The NPAC 
demand is for the immedia te 
and unconditional wi thdrawal 
of all U.S. forces from In-
dochina . The PCIP, on the 
other hand, oppose the de-
mand for immedia te and un-
cond itional withdrawal, and 
instead ca ll s for a nationwide 
endorsement of the seven 
point PRG program of the 
Nort h Vietnamese Com-
munists. 

As a result of this, the PCW 
has refu sed to work with 
NPAC and other r adi cal 
organizations which do not 
pxpllcitly support th e Com-
muni5t peace plan, and instead 
are scheduling their own 
separat demonstrations for 
Orr 14 In particular, they 
have refuwd to ('ndorse the 
NPAl plan for na ti onwide 
Ort -26 dnd Nov. 18 actions 
(\C'mdndlng the immediatf' and 
unconditional withdraw .. 1 of 
the U.S force~ from In-
dochina. In rl'turn, NPA has 
refus rl to take a position for 
or agaimt thl' PI1G ,,,vf'n-point 

program and insists that it is a 
" nonexcl usionary coalition " 
which " welcomes the par -
ticipation of all forces in the 
actio n s, including 
revol utionary socia li sts , 
liberals, Democra ts, pacifists, 
etc." 

There is general agreement, 
however, that the difference is 
not one of goals or strategy. 
Both groups have of late come 
under f i r e Irom various 
sou rces who maintain that 
NPAC and PClP are not peace-
loving " doves" but are actually 
" hawks" who desire a Com-
munist mil i tary victory . . 
Congressman Richard Ichord 
(Dem.-Mo.) stated recently, 
" Both groups are known to be 
operating under substantial 
Commu nist influence ... th e 
real ob j ec tive of the 
leadership (of NPAC and PCPIl 
is not peace, but the humilia-
tion of the Un ited States, the 
promotion of CommClnist 
takeover in Southeast Asia , 
and the general advancement 
of w orld communism." He 
pointed out that NPAC is 
" to tally controlled, in it s every 
pulse b at, by the Trotskyite-
Communist Socialist Workers 
Part y and its youth arm, the 
Young Socialist Allian ce. As for 
PCPL the presen e of key o f-

ficlal~ of the Communist Part y, 
U A ( PU A) on i ts national 
~ tP('flng committe evidences 
thp commitment o f CPUSA to 
tIl!' program and direction of 
P PJ ." H listed several om-
munist Party m mb rs who are 
IpddNs in the PCPI, among 
them Sid ney Peck, Gil Gre('n, 
.torl Michael ZagJrE'li . 

Both PA .tnU P PI have 
dl'nif'd all cha rges. 

The Passion of Joan 
jonl gorwxxJ 

"The President wants to trim the fat from our military 
budget. Senator McGovern would unilaterally slash Our 
defense to ribbons." 

" McGovern proposes a federally guaranteed right for all 
Americans to a pollution-free environment and a new super· 
agency, patterned after NASA, to deal with pollution." 

" The President has redu ced personal income taxes and has 
proposed Federal revenue sharing that would ease the 
pressure of your propert y tax." 

" If elected, M cGovern guarantees a job for every man 
and woman who deserves to work by contracting with private 
Industry to meet the nation's needs for housing, pUbli c 
transit, environmental protection , and other needs." · • • 

Presidential elections, 1972 . It is on everybody's mind. Yet 
d spite the obvious ideological differences between Nixon 

~nd McGovern, countless Americans still have not com-
mitted themselves to one man or the other. " McGovern's a 
dog, but ixon is a rat," you say. " And where can one go to 
find the truth about either candidate?" There will always be 
the hard-liners who in one ca mp maintain that McGovprn 
rouldn 't tie his shoe laces if God (Nixon ) Himself decreed it 
while the other ca mp gleefu ll y recounts the foibles of Trick E: 
Dick as they plan M cGovern's Inauguration Ball. 

The rest of th e country (pol itically nebulous, fickle, and 
wishy-washy as it is) constitutes a battlefield where every four 
yedrs the war for votes is fought. However, before girding 
their loins for mudslinging, innuendos, sly compromises, and 
the ordeal of shaking one million sweaty palms in an 
afte rn oon, both warriors must go through the prelims. They 
ca ll it The Convention. 

Singing and Dancing 
McGovern's volu nteers love to recount the bleak davs 

when their man had only four percent in the polls and how 
through hard work and perseverance victory was achieved in 
Miami. Yet if anyone aspect of McGovern 's bid for the 
Presidency tarnished his "51. Exquisi tus" image, it was the 
convent ion. Th nation , si tting through several nightl 
watching McGovern dance in the Daley-ite show (old party· 
line, Mr. Boss -men, stockya rds and Cadillacs) while 
serenading youth, women and minorities, were unable to 
decide if McGovern's middle name was Hubert Horatio 
Humphrey or not. Nobody told him (it seemed) that Super 
America just wq sn 't going to boycott lettuce or that Mr. 
Henry lames will never invite the Snopes family into his living 
room, period. 

M cGovern wasn't even a hero that they could forgive and 
elevate. Why was it that George appeared too much like Aunt 
Maxine who writes you a letter and says that her Pancake hal 
never been to D isneyland and could they stay at your house! 
Well, America , what is the reply? Obviously Pancake is not 
what you had in mind but do you deprive a child of 
Disneyland? 

The big moment was Ted Kennedy 's speech. Quite simply, 
the Democrats loved him . While George must have kicked 
himself for not giving Kennedy an offer he couldn' t re fuse, 
the last prince of Camelot proceeded to revive the myth that 
each man is born to be free, to wander, to have adventure 
and to seek the future by accepting the risks of the unex-
plored. Either aim for the most extraordinary, or perish. It was 
the New Frontier, Bostonian accent, white teeth , and 
tremulous voice all over again. 

McGovern's acceptance speech was anti-climactic. His 
welfare state and rather dramatic " bring America home" was 
as new frontiery as fruit jello. Tom Eagleton (before he had his 
wings clipped) was impressive although definitely new to the 
big time. " Non Servitum," said A. Bunker as he stumbled to 
bed ea rly that morning . 

Later, and much too soon, the Republicans had a tu rn 
trying to seduce Democrats and simultaneously placat ing 
part y members who once applauded Joe McCarthy and his 
build-in treason detector. Did Nixon really go to China? How 
could he initiate something like that 90-day wage and price 
freeze? While Nixon endorsed his book, How I Joined The 
Communist Party and Led Three Lives, images of party un ity 
and Pat Nixon twirled through electron circuits and plopped 
into the laps of Americana, in style . 

The Grand Ole Party was smug. Nothing went wrong. The 
you ng looked neat and fresh and greeted Nixon's proposa ls 
(or denials) warmly. "No, M cGovern doesn ' t have the youth 
vo te locked up," they said . " Four more years, " they said. 
" The young Democrats," they said, "are potheads, junk ies, 
pusher queens, and homosexuals. They live in cru iser bars 
and dirty book stores. We're not like that," so they said. 

Battl e- fatigued , both parties retrealed to the home front 
and waited for th e first casualty lists. Did M cGovern convince 
the nation that it need not worry about hi giving $1000 a year 
to lazy profli ga tes because deep down he's an economist and 
realizes that it wouldn't work? Can Nixon pull off the 
ca mpaign with nary a threat of nasty talk about the Th ieu 
regime in Vietnam and ITT and the Watergate Affair? Will 
M cGovern live down the blunder concerning his choice of a 
running mate? Will Nixon squeak by without his veep 
sE' lection being considered a blunder too? 

Although the polls are proclaiming a Nixon-Agnew victory, 
M cGovE' rn and Shriver have yet to concede the electi on. 
Meanwhile, the voters' ampaign to inspect the candidates 
and Issues sans s edy pamph lets mail d to the home or 
bra/ell displays o f attempted coercion through th m dia II at 
best a hopeless situation. 

Frank B. Caprio 
Party: Demodratic 
Age: 26 
Ed uca t ion : BA , Sociology, 
University of Maryla nd ; two 
yea rs graduate work , United 
States Int ernational University. 
Occupation Co-ordinator of 
Bayside Community Center, a 
United Community Services 
agency,servingmainly Chicano 
and Italian famili es in down-
town San Di ego: TA at UCSD 
for the History and Theory of 
Non-Violent Action. 
Participat ion in Community 
Affai rs: Founder of Non-
violent Action, the anti-war 
group that initiated th e USS 
Constellation vote : precinct 
work"r in former Representa-
tive George Brown 's ca m-
paign, Democrat in Monterey 
Park in 1970, worked as a Draft 
Counse lor. 
Military Service: Conscien-
tiOUS Objector. 
Le ngth of San Diego 
Residence: 6 yea rs. 

Viet nam War: Caprio calls for 
an immediate end to the war. 
" For 31 yea rs of war outh 
Vietna m has received 20 
million bomb craters, had 
one-seventh of her land area 
sprayed with (hemical her-
bICides, 50,000 amputees with 
no center for plastic surgery. 
One hour of let fuel will feed a 
lamily of four fur two and one 
h,,11 months; the cost of one 
aircraft ca rrier would hou e 
270,000 people ; for very day 
an airn,tlt ca rr ier is op rating 
In thp combat lone, it costs us 
2 11111"on dollars '1 support an 
Il11mediate end to the war. . 
IIfp IS sdupd ... we can't kill for 
pr,l(e. " 
Econom y: Caprio call for a 
conve rsion form an unstable 
""',lr- timp e(onomy to a stable' 
[lPJ{'e time economy. 

" We have to explore al ter-
natives to a war-time 
economy. We must reorder 
our priorities and redirect our 
f{'sourr s towards improving 
thp day to day quality of life. 
For examp le, wr could make 
San Diego a model for en-
\lIonmen tal quality in th e na -
tion. Just in the 40th District 

'. 

Frank Caprio VS. Bob Wilson 
Thl' foliowinJ:: IS a faft-shpl't 

(oncernlng he vil' w s of 
Dpmorraflc randidatf' Frank 
Caprio and Rl'publlcan candi-
d atI' and incumbent Bob 
Wilson, who are both runn ing 
for thp 40th Congrl'~slonal 
se"t, 

al one we hav e t h e Salk 
Insti tut e, Scripps Institut of 
O ceanography, tl I' University 
of Californ ia and major com-
panies. It is clear we have the 
talents and fa ci lities. Through 
a transi ti on program, we can 
guarantee ourselves a clear 
sk y, unpolluted wat ers, a 
reasonably priced rapid transit 
system, preservation of parks 
and open spaces, quality low 
cost housing, and jobs, all 
ba sed upon a peace-time 
economy." 
Desegregation: Caprio sup-
ports desegregation. 
" The Federal Govern ment's 
role in implementing Supreme 
Court decisions on school 
desegregation is to insure 
equal opportunities for every-
one . School busing and 
redistricting are necessary 
because we have segrega ted 
one another in t rms of where 
we live and where we go to 
schooL" 
Draft : Caprio opposes the 
draft . 

" The draft is a form of in-
voluntary servitude since 
many draftees go 10 the 
phYSical unwillinglv . This is un -
constitutionaL" 
Defen e Contracts: Caprio op-
po es dpfensE' contracts as an 
economic basis for the an 
Dil'go <lira . 

"I ronslder defense con-
tracts and produttion of war 
matf'rials WJ\tPlul , Ihort-term 
m('",ures resui ling from an 
unstable job market. Advocate 
thp use of resource s and 
tpchnology potenllal of the 
dNospace II1dustry for the 
dpv('lopment of an rffpctive 
and cheap rapid transit sys-
tpm and environmental 
reform , espe ially In the area 
of pollution controL " 
W omen: Caprio support the 
womE'n 's equdl rights amend-
ment and equal opportunities 
for women. 

" Wom n must have equal 
opportunities in jobs and 
wag S . Current attitudes 

perpetuate the present situa-
tion in which 41 per cent of 
lull time women workers earn 
less than $4,000, while 13 per 
cent of men do. I support the 
Eq ual Rights Amendment , 
although I do not believe 
women should be subjected to 
the draft, just as I believe men 
shou ldn't." 
Education: Caprio supports 
more fundi ng for education. 

" Too much was spent this 
year for defense, while too 
little was spent lor education 
in the Federal budget th is year. 
This is wrong . Our country has 
a commitment to educate her 
people. I have supported the 
12 education bills that have 
been put before Congress 
during the last two years. I 
believe education is a top 
priority matter." 
Proposition 2: The statewide 
bond measure to Increase 
health facilities in California -
Caprio endorses Proposition 2. 
Proposition 9: The coastal 
prote lion proposition Jnd an 
£'nd to high rile comtrucllon 
along thl' coast CJprio en-
dorsC's Proposition 9. 
Proposition 20: The coastllOe 
protection initiative ' \a~rio 
endorses Proposition 20 
Hartke Amendment: Recom-
putallon of military pay . 
Caprio cndorsP' thE' H<lrtke 
\m f'ndmell1. 

Thi, <lct was t/r"gnt'ri to 
rqualil{' pay to rptlrl'd mi"l~r) 
per<,onnt,L Ixon promilt'd it 
in 1969, but fou~ht aga inst it in 
1970. I ,upport It." 
Propositi on 22: To outlaw 
boycotts of non-union fdrm 
products - Caprio oppo,es 
Proposition 22. 

" 1 will, in whatever way 
possible, help to defeat this 
proposition," sta ted Caprio In 
a I Iter to thE' nited 
f Mm\~orkers Union 
Campaign Contributions: 

aprio supports full di,clo\ur(' 
of campaign contributions and 

f'~prnditur('s 
" I support and will eX-

C'll1plify full flllhli c dlsclmllre 
of c.lll1p.li gn tin,lIl( 11I!l 
Senpc\ ('ncotlr,I~(,s m"trLJlt 
and Jp.lIh\ o f thl' flPopll' . 
AnyonI' wlshln~ J rrcord of 
our E'Xp('ndltlll(" or con-
tributlom ran oht.lin ,1 fOPi hy 
calling th p Llntpaign h(,.Jd-
quarter\ . I fulll 'liPflort Ihf' 
fC'd f'ral ,ub,,(h 01 cam-
palgm." 
Youth Support : Caprio" r.tm-
palgl1 is bt'ing org.ll1lled and 
pxP('utl'd ('ntllrll by peopl£' 
less than 30 yC'ars old. Frank i~ 
26. One of th£' thrust s of this 
Call1p,ll~n i~ to altempt to in-
ject young blood Into a tired 
.tnd probatf' pohllca I I('at 
Convention: Caprio 's frelln~ 
aboul the IIlvolvpl1lent of 
Wilson In th e ITT fiasco is that 
it was "the consummate exam-
ple of the representJtion he 
offers hi consti tu ent . Il ad the 
regional and national media 
not embarra sed th e Ad -
ministration into moving the 
convention , Wilson would 
hav e succeeded in foisting 
upon an Diego's taxpayers a 
convention they did not wa nt 
and whi ch they would have 
had to subsidize. 

. ,.... .. ::. , . 
Both mf'n are conducting 

Wide-sca le campaigns anrl arp 
both attl'mptlng to attract thf' 
studf'n t vote . lJCSD 1\ 10 thp 
40th Congresslondl di \t rlC! . 

Bob Wilson 
Party: Rl'publican 
Age : 55 
Edu~ation : BA In Art , Otis 
Institute of Art , lower divilion 
work at an Diego State 
O ccupa tion : Advertiser 
Congressman for 10 terms (20 
years) . Fourth - ranking 
Republican member of the 
House Armed Services Com-
millee. 
P~rticipation in community af-
fairS: Honorary Director of 

ational Arthritis Foundation 
Rotary, American Legion, Son~ 
of the American Revolution 
. avy League, KiwaniS, Op~ 

tlmlsts . 

Military Service: Relea sed 
from military service on the 
basis of hardship (his daughter 
came down with rheumatic 
lever) immediately before he 
was to be shipped overseas for 
duty. 
Length of 
Residence: 
school. 

San D iego 
ince grammar 

Vietnam: Wil~on up ports 
I'(on\ VIPtnam polio. 
Wilson, d ,en lor membpr of 

1 hI' Hou~p :\ rmeri '>NVlces 
Committce, said he' ha\ 
workl'd close I) With df'lcnse 
Ilrm, toward "rpbu"din~ 
Anwrlcd\ milit,H~ str(:n~th" 
HI' h.1) authorl'cI fi\ P PO\\ 

bill~. Wilson fppll th(' milling, 
ot thr North VIPtn.1m .. '(' har-
hnr, "Ihould hJVP b('£'n riOtlf' 
<o.)nl'l. ' 
Economy: Wil,on ,uppnrt' 
(onllnued antl-lntl.lIlon.H\ 
IIlr.tsurp, 

" ltl~ h priorlt\ hould be 

Proposition 22: Declined to 
statp 
Hartke Amendment: Wilson 
IUPPOrt\ the Hartke Amend-
ment Wil so n fe"ls that a 
military man has made a con-
tract with the government 
This contract involves a lot of 
work and small salary. Wilson 
feel s the government has a 
respomibility to recomputp 
and pay benefits of rE'tlred 
military personnel 
Youth Support: Wilson (0-
author('d the 18-v ar-old vote 
amendment and fE'els he will 
gl't a share of the vote . 

" I fE'el I am gOing to get a 
good share of th e young 

~otPrS . I think young p"o-
pie arf' much maligned these 
rlays D,,>pite somE' of thow 
atrocious hairdos, th ey are 
WIIOUI minded about their 
country and I applaud that .. 
Campaign contributions: 
Wilson compllPs With the 
FedNal Campaign Au 011971. 

\vil,on ha, 10 th(' pN and 
(Onllnl)('1 to di,rlmI' .111 of h" 

r~mp,liI~n rontllbutlom and 
f'x[lf'ndirurp\ Thpv H" on lilf' 
With th(· Rpgl>trM 
COnl;ressional Voting Re{ord : 
\\",or h,ls mil" d 4 \ I'M 01 
r(lll-{,III '()tln~ 111 20 Yf'M' 1 h" 

I~ .lttnbut,·d to hI' pO',lIon .1 
(h.w m,Hl 01 I h<' R <'f1lJ hllc an 

(,lmp.lI~n tunrlr,II'tn!l (·001-
tnlltP1' t>1~ trlr Ollt to ~Jn 

[)It'~n to rlH'I'1 \\I!h dn D,,·~o 
nllll'l1', ,lnd (ommittPI' parti-
(lp.Hlon \\hile Hnll'" roll (,II 
\\.1' IWIn!; 1,lk(·n. Tlw ~h!'lat on 
hntf'l, .lnrl 1\\0 1,lhll' pl.lOl' 
\\Pfl' .11,(1 hrnughl to ',In 
Ole!lo h\ Ih<' II1flupn(e 01 
WiI,on .. llong with '\,[l Jnd 
thp l nli<'r'p.l Warfare Cpn-
tN. 

Desegregation: Wilson op-
pows mandatorv bUlln~. 

" I monglv support quali ty 
C'duratlon for all regdrdless of 
rdCf' and oppose segregation 
III publIC schools. However, I 
do not support mandatory 
huslng as a meam 01 achlf'vmg 
raCial balanc!' in our schools. 
"<.Jturdlly th(' Federal Govern -
mpnl dops ha'l'! an important 
role In impl!'m('ntln~ Suprpmp 
Court dpcllionl on srhoo l 

dE'~"gr"gatlon .. 

Defense contracts: Wilson is 
primarily responSible for 

bnnRIn~ 1 billion dollars of 
militarv contracts to an Diego 
for thl\ IIs(al ,par 

VVil~on 's POSition in he 
HOUle Armed erVlcl's Com-
mltt!'p is inltrumental in the 
~rJntin~ ot 1 billion dollars' 
worth of mililary contracts to 
<;an Dlpgo II \.\ <IS Ihp biggest 
contr.ln aW.1rrlNj 10 dm arf'a 

Women : \\ "'on upports thp 
f q R -hI ,\m(·~dmpn s or 
\\OnH II 

\\II,on hac, nl'lpr \otf'd 
"~,lIn I am hili lor I·qual rl~h , 
tor \\om! n. HI' hd al,o 
IHJ,hl·d tor d Int.:lt (1.1"111-
(,111011 lor Ihp hp,id (,I d hou,.·-
!told \\ hlCh .\ oulrl ['fO 101' an 
tnt or'll' t X ",,jU( IIOP 

[dU(dtion: \\ tl'on uppor!< 
I npa[ pdUc,ltlonalll'l; Idt·on 

\\ lion lIppnr" .n pact 
('(ideation 1\ hlCh ,upplip 
ill'J' ''',11 11.1\(' a l.lr~I'I'1"U\ ot 
pr\l(p t.lml I£" ,,"h addl-

tlOIl.1t pli ",ltI[lnd, Jld \\ il'on 
h.1' \ot('<1 In l.l\Or 01 t\\ 0 of the 
L' .. du( .lIion h·II, bptore 
Congll'" In ti1p la,t t\,O ,ear,. 

~I\rn 10 continUing Ihl' tight 
agaln,t infl,ltlon dnd POIICIP'> 
de"gned to achll'vr full 
emplovment , ' IdVI \\ IIson He 
I, respom ible through hi' 
mpmhersilip on the Armed 
<'('1\ ICl'< Commlttc!' , for 
bringing 1 hill ion dolla". thp 

lar~e<t part 01 thl' fl'dl'ral 
millt"'\' budg('1. to San Dlcgo. IB 1 ProgrJmmtng 

DrJft: \',Ihon Stlpport, J 
volul1t"pr .Hm\ 

\.\ d,on ,upporh .111 .111-
\ ollllllPpr .nnw. In th,' P,l;! hp 
11,,, 'UPPOI" d till' iii alt 

Propo,;tion 1: Dp( "rwd tn 
'1.11 ( 
f'roposit ion II : D,,{ IlIwd to 
,tal( 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRAmCI Of 
OPTOMITIT 

11n. 
NEW MI DW A Y Fed Mort Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENIllVD.tAu .. _ s,.m .... 
• ElES D'MIlIED • PRESCRIPTlOIiS FIUED • 
(OIiT ACT LEIISES fITTED. RlPAIRS • 
HOUIS: ..... ·Fri. 11 Ul. - .,.1.; Sel. lOA.I. - I P.I. 

224-2973 224-2974 

'of." foshions 
in wire frames 

Triton Time Page 3, October 13,1972 
___ ---l 



t • • 

opinion 
·T .............. ,. ...... on , ..... ,.... or. , ..... of , .. au,hon w .. .. 
... _ ......... ., in , .... yli .... and de not __ ,ily ' ..... , , .. view. of 
," TIlTON' ."5. Anyone ...... i .. 10 submi' mate,ial,o ... pu .. liohed on 
, .... ,.... ohouIcI .. nd il 10 ," lcIilorial Di,ector. 'IITON TlMIS. 117 
... k ...... UCSD. 

libertarians in Politics 
William H. Stoddard 

My political attitudes started crystallizing about eight years 
ago. In one year. then, I found out about John Holt. one of 
the men who touched off the free schools movement; Ayn 

~ and's philosophical writings; and Robert Heinlein 's Stranger 
in a Strange Land. I can rememberfeelingvaguely that they all 
lit together . When I was in my first year at UCSD, I found out 
about libertarianism. All three of these writers have been 
associated with the libertarian range of viewpoints, as have 
many others. What distinguishes these views? Basicall y, that 
thev have il great deal of respect for human creativity and 
div('[si!y, and that they see freedom of choice, and reliance 
on private property and voluntary, decentralized institutions, 
a the keys to their attainment within a society and to that 
society s well-being in general. 

I'm unable to feel comfortable with any of the main 
political candidates in this election. McGovern and Jeness ar 
unattractive to me because, however much they may say 
about freedom, their social programs call for increasing 
government regulation of the economy-and a centra lized 
economy IS one which is readily vulnerable to dictatorial, 
totalitarian control. Schmitz, on the other hand, bases too 
much of his appeal on patriotism of the " my·country-right-
or·wrong" sort . on demands for repression in the name of 
morals and religion , and on covert racism. And, In the 
middle, ixon shares all of these faults, and has none of the 
virtue~ of either extreme. The most that can be said of him is 
that he has too little vision to be a genuine lanatic, that he will 
sell out to everyone and thus keep the American political 
tradition relatively stable-which isn't much of a recommen-
dation, though some p ople seem to think so. 

Right now, though, libertarianism is beginning to make 
gestures toward political activism. I am rather glad to see this, 
even though I expect it to be mainly educational in liS present 
impa("1. Unless one just gives up hope in politics completely, 
one has to treasure initial small gains-because they may 
grow into large ones, given time. This column will be abou 
two groups which I think 'Tlay attract enough interest, and 
('nou~h work, to have a chance of such growth': the Liber-
tarian Part y, and the League 01 Non-Voters. 

Th(' Libertarian Part y was lormed in November 1971. It is 
runnln~ presldenltal, vice-p reSidential , and congreSSional 
candida tes, mostly on a write-in basis . These ("a nd,dates were 

("ho~en in lune 1972, at the national convention , together 
With a platform based on civil liberties, IreI' enterpris ,and 
non-Intervenlton In foreign affairS The presidential ca n -
didate is Dr. lohn Hospers, chairman of the Depa rtment of 
Ph llmophy Jt U C. Dr Hospers has written several books, 
Including standJrd texts on many a p cts of phtlosophy, and 

I~ thp pditor 01 a philosophical Journal known as The 
Personalist. He ha~ ~ummaflZed hiS political vipws in Liber-
tdfianism, a book published In 1971 H,s vice-prpsident lJI 
candldat 5 15 ToniC "athan, a t('l('vision producer now 
working in Orellon. 

In d sp('f'ch made 'VIav 20, 1972, Hospf'rs rejeneci both 
romf'rvatlv"s and libC'r<tls as possible all'(,5 for !tOertarian~ . 

Comprvatl~ps, h(' ~ald, .If" unacc('ptablp oecdu~(, of thpir 
r!'JdlnPS5 to accrpt cpnsorship and compulsory prayer, the 
drJl1 Jnd lorf'l~n "dvf'ntures, "nd slmtfar po,ition'. LibPrals, 
In thr 'am(' wav, , h.I'" long Sln("(, sold thpif birthright for 

~oY('rnment control of our livPL.. one of th(' problems lor 
""hich thpsp hug(' government programs WNf' instituted have 
bp('n ,olv('d, Indepd th('y are more' trulcnt than (>ver, not In 
'p'tP of but bf'rall~e 01 thes(' \pry ,amp Fpderal programs. 
Yf't the !tbNal, hJve nothing n!'w to offrr but a (ontinuatlon 
.lnd .In pxtenslon of thp,,, very samp bankrupt pollci!'s." On 
Ih .. ,!' ground" Ho,p('rs rdllpd for <tbandonment 01 both 
p.lr!tl'~, and ""ork for th(' budding of a nf'W party OthN 
IlbNtarian group~ ha\C' condpmnpd IXonomlC> .15 a r('turn 
10 thl' 'JEI poli(v of rigid control {)VPf wag!", prt("(·~, profits, 
.lnd 1(',('ls of production, which, kno",n as Zwangswirhchaft, 

wa~ one(' pr,l,,('d as thp lawst InnOVdtlOn in economic 
Ihollght Ihl' Libprt,uidn P,lrtv hopps to (ly,t,,11I/!' .J massive 
prol<'" votr' ag JI f1\t Ihr wholp prr~('nt dlf<'cllon of Amprl ("an 
pollll(' 

Thp llbf'rt.lfloln platform is worth looking at In somp detail 
On (1,,1 lifwrtlr" It <upports rppeal 01 "II law, on "( rimps 
Without ,I( tim,," In( ludlng voluntary sexual rrlatlons, 
I:.tmblln , drlJ~ 11'<', SUI< Idr, abortion, and Impartial enforcp-
Inl'nl 01 .I V\. prr)t('( ting prrson and property, with full prot('c-
tlon for thp right- of thr M(u<pd .1nd sPypre limits on 
~ov('rnn l'ntal sUr\Pllloln("« FurthN, II (ails for an ('nd to th(' 
rlraft .1' n oluntar; 'Nvltud!'. and amnpsty for draft reSISters 
.lnrl dp<.·rtl'r\ whr) WNI' drdft,'d Furth('r, it holds that prlvatp 
prr)pl'rl' ngh" Me fully de~('rvlng of r('(o~nltlon JS baSIC and 
(·~,rnlld human rtght~ Minor II< 0:1, In thiS ,ection UP 
,upport for thp rtghl to hrar arms, rppe.ll of all ("pn50rship, 
.Ind thl' rtght to form volun tary labor unlom and to slrikp 
Without gov!'fnml'nt pl'ndftv 

On p onoml(" "sUPS, thr platform ca lls for reduction o f 
r.IX"~ ",oan pnd to gov!>rnmpntdJ Inflation 01 the money 
wpply It ,,1\0 (dll~ for r('pl'dl of "II suh\,d ,e\, tdnffs, quotas, 
(antral· on wag!'s, prtCl'S, rl'nt\, profits, produ("tlon, and 
IntNp" rdtp~, dnrl Imp('dimenrs to frpp trade or to find ing 
r'mploym('nt Onr othN plank (a il s for legalized own rship 
continued on page 12 

Triton Times Page 4, October 13,1972 

Yes on 15 SOFA ·Serves 
Professor David Houton, UCLA 

Campus Coordinator California for Yes on 15 
Ca lifornia 's once great system of high er education is 

languishing in the doldrums. 

Marilyn S. Stolfa 

With enrollment at all state campuses standing at 370,114, 
departments have been cut back or eliminated altogether. 
According to President Charles Hitch of the University of 
Ca lifornia , many of our best faculty members are leaving 
becau e of dissat;sfaction with depressed pay levels. They 
cannot be replaced, Hitch said. This penny-wise, pound-
foolish policy threatens the very existence of higher educa-
tion in California. 

The sit uation has come about because the present ad-
ministration in Sacramento has played fast and loose with 
state sa lary levels, ruthlessly slashing and vetoing them during 
the pa t ix yea rs . As a matter 01 fact, University of California 
sala rtes, for exa mple, now rank 75th i n the United States when 
they used !o be third highest. We can-and must-change 
this. Proposition 15 on the Nov. 7 ballot provides a 
r!'asonable and logica l answer to the sta te pay cri is. 

SOFA, trongly Oriented for Action, a group dedicated to 
the improvement of conditions in La lolla's minority com-
munity, has planned another fund-raising project to help in 
Ihe proposed construct ion of a communi ty center building. 
The present fund-raising event is a Chri stmas card sale. The 
ca rds were de igned by the minority chi ldren, during last 
summer 's recreational program. Five original designs were 
se lected (or the cards. The children whose designs were 
se lected arc; Olga Fuentes, Angelica Fuentes, luan Martinez, 
Miguel Martinez, and Jaime Diaz. The original designs are 
refreshingly child· like and are printed in a variety of colors. 
Prices for the cards are $2 for 12 cards, or $4 for 25 cards. They 
are available in separate designs, or as an assortment. Names 
and return addresses may be imprinted , if desired. The ca rds 
may be ordered from the SOFA Office, 7517 Cuvier Street, 
459-0272. 

In brief, what Proposition 15 does is to make parity pay for 
all state employees, including faculty and administrative 
personnel , part of the Sta te Constitution . It will remove, on 
("e and for all, any politica l considera tion in the establi shment 
01 pay scales. And it will avert the possibility of any classroom 
walkout by faculty members beca use of a provision for 
volun tary, binding arbitration. 

For the past three years, SOFA has been conducting fund-
rai~ing events to help toward the construction 01 the central 
building. The building will require approximately $90,000. 01 
which $60,000 must be raised before ground-breaking. 
Approximately $40,000 has been raised . An anonymou 
donor has been matching funds raised for the building since 
January, 1972, and will match all donations made by the 
Christm as card sa le. 

The fight is not on ly for 50,000 campus employees and 
110,000 other state personnel, bu t for the very existence o f 
California's higher educa tional system. Californians for Yes 
on 15 hopes that you will study the enclosed material on 
Proposition 15 and use as much of it in your student 
publication as possible. In fact. an editorial on the subject will 
serve to call your student body's attention to the importance 
of getting out their vote on election day. 

If we can be of further help, do not hesitate to con tact us. 
We can supply literature, speakers, or info rmation . We 
appeal for your help and support in this crucial effort . 

Presently', SOFA serves approximately 150 black and Mex-
ican families living in the area of Pearl and Cuvier Streets. Thl' 
proposed community center building would house SOFA's 
pre I'llt programs and permit initiation of new ones. Services 
provided by SO FA lor the minority community have included 
after-school and summer programs for the youth, bilingua l 
educa tion for adults, a community library, and a nursery 
school for pre-school and summer programs for the youth, 
bilingual educa tion for adults, a community library, and a 
nursery school fo r pre-school chi ldren . At present, the 
facilities u ed for SOFA's programs have incfuded the office at 
the back of Prin("e Chapel AME Church, an old house located 
next to Pr ince Chapel for meetings and activities, and the 
Congregational Church in La Jolla for the nursery school 

Someone Is Being Fooled 
Robert Kirkman . A rch McCulloch 

amel y Edwin Moore and the UCSD ministration with Nazi Germany or stating 
tudellts for McGovern. This becomes ob- that the mining of North Vietnamese harbors 

vious after reading just the lirst sentence of was "a flirtation with World War 111. " 
Ttl TH~ Mr. Moore' ed itorial (TT10/ 10) in which he Regarding credibility, Mr. Moore makes implies that there is something sinister about several nebulous charges against Mr. Nixon 

President ixon (.omma nding the su pport of concerning such things as Watergate, ITT, the 
people of such diverse views as Jacob lavits Russian wheat deal, etc. Yet he makes no 
and Barry Goldwater. The same could be said mention of McGovern's general lack of 
01 enator M cGovern, who has been en- credibility which can be seen in several 
dorsed by both Cesar Chavez and Mayor instances. 1) When McGovern aide Pierre tilHTttlt 
Richard Daley. ThiS kind of logic is misleading alinger returned from Paris this August, he 
anvway because it assumes that ideology is told reporters McGovern had sent him there ( , I r. t . 
the sole yardstick for expressing a political to confer with the Hanoi peace delegation . ,aj (' erzas 
preference. When asked about the affair McGovern flatly 

Mr. Moore also conveniently forgets denied that he had sent Salinger on this 
several things when discussing government mission, but later on h(' apparently had 
spending and the state of thE' economy under second thoughts on the matter and revised 
Nixon On the one hand he criticize Nixon his answ r sompwhat, saying that he had 
for ask ing for appropriati ons for military merely told Salinger that if he happened to 
spending, while on the other hand he be in Paris, to meet with the Hanoi delega-
niticizes him beca use of the drop in GNP tion . 2) Hopefull y, by now everyone has 
since the Democratic yea rs, disregarding that heard about the Eagleton affair in which 
the drop is due to a percpntage d crease in enator McGovern stated that despite 
militarv spending. He is unhappy about infla· [agleton'~ medical background, he was 
lion and the high national debt which he bl'hind him "one thousand percent," but a 
bldmps on Nixon, while at the sa me time he few days later dropped him from the ticket. 3) 
(ritlclles him for trying to k('ep government In a re("ent sppe("h, S('nator M cGovern stated 
spending lor soc iallegislation at a reasonable that the U.S should not Involve itsel f in the 
I('vel He fails to realile that without a ral ein internal politi ca l affairs of other nations. Later 
taxps, more govprnment spending in this area In th(' sa me speech hE' stated that th U.S. 
would fUPI inflation and increase the national shou ld pr s for ju,tice for Jew~ within the 
O('Ot. Ht' clalm~ that while M r. ixon is Sovi!'t Union, which is obviously interfering 
vigorously fOnt ro ll ing workPrs ' paychecks, in the Internal politi<"al affai rs of another 
h(' is somehow allowing tht> ("orporations ndtion.4) enator McGovern also says that he 
I!'l'way with prl("es. This is an oversimplifica- Will lower the rate of unemploymf'nt yet, at 
tlon be("Juse It 1\ intri nsica lly eaSIf'r to control the sa me time, plans massive cutbacks on 
Wolg('S than It is to ("On trol prices. Obviou~ly dpfense projects. Such cu tbacks would put 
th(' ("orporat ions will lend to ("On trol wa ges many people out 01 work who would not be 
rathN than prlCl'S in order to increase thei r Immedia tely employable in other areas. 5) 
prottt,. TherefO'f', the government is lelt with Perhaps the biggest violation of credibili ty on 
thr task 01 con trollln ,! prices and prmecutlng Spnator McGovern's part is his position on 
otlpnd('rs, whl( h is a costly .lnd time- Vietnam. He claims that his " heart has been 
comumtng effort. bl('erling over thp agony 01 ViPlnam for 10 

Mr. Moorp also seems to be misinfo rmed y!'ars," but his voting record over the y ars 
on th(' que~lIon 01 the 18-year-o ld vote HI' dol'S not completely reflect this sentiment. 
says that th(> President reluctantly signed into He voted for the Gulf of Tonkin Reso lution in 
law th .. 18-ypar-o ld vote when in fdrt he was 1964, and against its repea l in 1966 at the 
strongly In fdvor of It. Before the law was heiflht 01 PreSident lohnson 's bombing raids. 

Pd~~ed, there was ~o me di sag reement Until Nixon's inauguration, McGovern on-
bC'tween Mr. ixon, who wdnted it to be a si,tently voted for defense approprtations 
comtltu tlon dl amendment, and those who which inc1uded Vietn am expenditures 
w.1nted i t to hc' tn<'fely d ("ongresSional Without signilica nt dissent. And as late as 
statute Perha ps this is the source 01 conlu· 1967, hf' statpd that h had nev r bpert a 
Slon on thIS Issue. proponent of immediate , unilateral 

Although th(' Ixon Administration hds withdrawill. (In addition, in the midst of the 
managed to \Iow the Increa se In nime, Mr. D('mocratic Convention thiS July, he said he 
'v1oor(' suFigests that thp President has failed would I('ave a "residual force" in Thailand.) It 
b(,(dlJ~!, (rime I~ stiff on the increase . He was only after President Nixon took olfice 
srrms to Ihink that as PreSident , Mr. dnd initidted a de-esca lation of the ground 
McGovern could reduc nime by simply war that McGovern b came so violent ly anti-
.marklng poverty, un!'mployment, and dis- war. Although his heart may have been 
crtmlnation . This IS inconSIStent with recent bleeding for 10 years, his act ions are ap-
history, I.e., the lohnson Administration, parently not consistent with his b Ii Is, but 
whf'n the crime rate soa red despite the "war only with popular po litica l sentiment. 
on pOV('fty" and other massive attempts to In conclusion we would like to say that our 
affevlate the "root problf'ms that ause purpose for writing this rebuttal has not been 
"'me." purely politi ai, but also to point out the 

Mr. Moore also dccuses the President for poorly researched, arb itrary, over-simplified 
uSing s("a re tac-tln in th current campaign, manner in which Mr. Moore has presented 
but JPparently finds nothing wrong wi th his edi torial. 
Mc overn compa ring the present Ad -

.Not Accessible 

To Students 
Editor: 

We have spent the last four 
years here at UCSD and are 
st ill in pursuit of varying 
degrees of academia . We have 
also lived through the various 
i d iocies regarding th e 
ca feterias, their food plans, and 
the come-and-go managerial 
heads. 

Now, however, we find it 
difficu lt to accept the present 
cafeteria " plan." In the past, 
the cafeteria has served the 
ca mpus as a meeting place as 
well as an eating place (the 
laller dubious at times). 
Formerly, while awaiting a lec-
ture or a friend, one could get 
a cup of coffee and sit, watch 
people, read the papers-in 
short, it was a UCSD pseudo-
answer to a student union with 
regards to a " center." 

No longer is this pOSSible. 
One has essentially to accept 
the ruling that we are not 
allowed in the caf building 
unless we pay the $1 .30 to S2 
meal fee. 

People, besides being not 
allowed in a campus public 
building, what are you going 
to do for that cup of coffee 
and shelter when it rains or is 
windy (winter IS comin g) 
when everyone normally in 
the plazas retires to the in· 
adequate snack-bars now 
open for us non -dorm resi · 
dent types? 

Think about it . 
Peace, 

Right on! 

Steve Tracy 
Chris Oberg 

- Ed. Dir. 

You get it eHer at !THE '\'IiEl~)~Ii()t]SEI Hear Y e. Hear Y e . . . 7 Records . ~~fape;._~ J 
Savest thou Bread when ye bringest this ad 

A'll 5.98 List albums in the store 3 2 9. ALL ARTISTS ••• ALL LABELS ••• ALL Lp1S NOTHING HELD BACK! e each BUT ONLY IF YOU BRING THIS AD 

GRAND FUNK 
PHOENIX 

Plus - More great 
Grand Funk LP's 

Capitol. THE PERSUASIONS 

• GRAND FUNK 
• CLOSER TO HOME 
• E. PLURIBUS FUNK 
• ON TIME 
• SURVIVAL 

SPECIALLY PRICED 
2 RECORD SETS 449 7." MF~. IIST 
GRAND FUNK 

SlEEL Y OAN - Thetr debut al 
bum featurtng their great hits 
"Ill! It Agatn" & "Reel In' tn 
the Years " 
JlMES GANG -Ihelr 6th 
smash album - one hsten and 
you'll know why. Includes 
their latest hit "Had Enough." 
ClHSMAN , WEST -
"American City SUite." their 
turtent smash hit highlights 
thiS fantastic album. 
JOE WALSH - Focmer lead 
si nger of the James 
Gang Now a fantastIC solo 
album. 
B. B. KING - What can you 
say about B B that hasn't 
al ready been said A great 
new album called "Guess 
Who" 
GLADSTONE - From I yler 
lexas. Now a smash hit In 
California their cur 

hit "A 

_ .. DO III_OM 

r
:::.: /(::~:'2'_." ". ':'" 
--' ... _ ... _, -
--_ .... _-.. '-

J!..k< ~~- \~ 
lACK STAUUlS 

O~A'fS 

ALL URIAH HEEP LP'S 
-

EACH 

MAC DAVIS -author of 
songs of Glen Campbell, 

Oela~y & Bonnie, and. of 
course ElVIS Now he has 
hiS ol'<n top 10 hit wllk 
"Baby Oon't Get Hooked on 
Me." featured on thiS fan 
tastlc lP 
RAMSEY LEWIS -hiS debul 
album on Columbia shows 
the p,ano ,"tuOSlty and ver 
satility of a Iruly great and 
glftpd a~ lst 

THE O'lAYS -From thiS 
3member glOup who made 
the million selling "llplt"k 
I races a new album 
after their current sma,h 
hit. "Back Stabbers " 

DEMON'S AND WIZARDS 
Wizard; Traveller in Time; Easy Lillin'; All 
My Life; Poet's Justice; C"cle of Honds; 
Ra inbow Demon, Paradise/The Spell. 

LOOK AT YOURSELf 
Look At Yourself, I Wanno Be Free, 
Tears in My Eyes; July Morning Shad· 
ows of Grief; What Should be DonE' 
Love Machine. 

SALISBURY 
High PriesteH, Park, Time 10 Lille, Lady 
,n Block. Simon the Bullet Freak, Salisbu· 
ry 

URIAH HEEP 
Gypsy; Wolk ing In Your Shadow; Come 
Away Mel inda, Bird of Prey, Dream· 
more, Real Turned On; I'll Keep On Try. 
Ing; Wo e Up 

SEE URIAH HEEP 
IN PERSON AT 

SAN DIEGO SPORTS ARENA 
October 15 

HITS FROM 
COLUMBIA 

TEN YEARS AFTER _It II 
or.'y take one ItS en to rea 
Ie hat thiS IS besl yet. t's 

some of the hardest. most 
Searing roc, & roll ever 
lecorded 

80l SCAGGS - Great ~orn 
alrangement dl",ng 
rhythms and BoI'. un QUP 
')rlca! vocalS comb'ne t1 
make t hiS best 

BLOOD SWEAT , 
TEARS - N.w Blood. A 
new album leaturlng their 

tIU~$V new It 'So Lonr 
Ollie." • scream,rg new 
horn arrangement on "OQ'" 
In the f ooe." and a ot 01 
other greal songs 

\\'1-1 J~ I~J~ 1-1 () {] S J~ 
El CAJON 

. 173 Fletcher P~y. 
444-997 

Records 
SAN DIEGO 

6335 EI Cajon Blvd. 
287-5104 

• 

PACIFIC BEACH 
1414 Garnet St. 

273 .. 9552 

o cfivftion of Inteority Entertoinment Corp. 

Tapes 
CHULA I 
485 Fifth Ave . 

422-9514 
Triton Time Pall 5, 0 lober 13, 1972 



c. 
nBLDS 

cfr:J 
He'l4u&ustus 

Wlnter1Htttom In 
TILLII AID aDS 

8~DD" ID 

TheGreat McGonigle 
In 

TBI 
OLD-' lSBIOllD 

11111 DO 10' 10 
~ 

L--_--=-_-=----I ACADElWY 
3nl UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 

this Saturday at M idnight 
a nd M onday at B:30only ... 

WARNING 
Not only has Ihis film been 
called the besl horror film 
ever mack, it has also been 
caUed the mosl frigh teninl 
horror film ever made. NOI 
only has Ihis fdm been called 
"the new s"ndard 10 which 
all subsequent horror films 
will be compartd," il has also 
been called the mosl grue· 
some fIlm ever made. It', 
peal bul it'l scan the livinl 
daylights oul of you,so plea oe 
come, bul make SUR you have 
I I least noticed that we ' l be 
showing I horror mm. 

extr a ... ___________ _ 
Saturdayonlythe drawing fora 

waterbed '.::".::";.~.'. 
and MIDDLEARTH can 

Electrophg~. 

Every-
th ing ~~ 

1(', trophonl( I c..Jrrard stN-
'0 rnU"I( rrntpr gIV("\ you 
HJrlt ,n8 rRA( K sl('r(>o tJrlP 
ll.lYf'r , 1,,11 ~II(> rlf'luxf' eM-

r ,I r d r (' r ') r rI r I ,I Y f' r 
AM / f-M / FM Multlplf'X r.1(ilo 

For 
$159.95 

Bob's T.V. 
7557 Girard Ave. 

La Jolla 454-0185 

Triton Tim s Page 6, 0 tob r 13,1972 

MAGIC KINGDOM 
Brandon Wander 

For a long time, no one has been able to compete w ith W alt 
Disney. With whom else cou ld you go to the movies and see 
Jack gE't Jill to the tune o f star-spa ngled fi reworks? No one. 
Except now. George Roy Hill has made an upbeat fl ubber-ball 
Fantasia," laughterhouse Five." The fl ick has super bounce, 
and we watch Bi lly Pilgrim hop-scotch froryt t ime to p lace to 
nUlla spa e. BOlng, boing. From the bombing of Drtsden to 
the laying of Mis~ Wildback, we bound through time on the 
wings of a film splicer's magical sci~sors. Along the gold-brick 
road, the film pays homage to intellectuals and plucks awards. 
Gathering golden eggs, it drops messages. It supplies critical 
fodder. It's basically a diver ion . 

To forge this diver ion, Hill uses jello. The jello is cherry-
flavored Billy Pilgrim, played by Michael Sacks. You poke 
Billy, h quivers. He's sweet. He's passive. He's everything 
jello should be. And Hi ll likes him that way . He's a good 
cover. You can't pin a man if you can't grip h im. The same is 
true of Hill 's earlier "Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid." CARS 

AN EVENING WITH MI LES DAVIS 
Greg leona rd 

MilE'S Davis, the one-time mas ter of imag s, the trum pet 
rlayer most other jan horn playe r\ in some way emulate, the 
man' who~e bands have fea tur d many of the greats of the 
post-war Ameri can jaIL boom, ca me to the San Drego Civi(" 
Theater 5unday night and gave the crowd of Jpproximatply 
1400 two methodic, lifpless hour-long sets . 

None of the sensi tive imagery displayed on the "Skptches 
o f pain" o r "Kind of Blue" sl9pS of a lew years past remains 
dnd surpriSingly, neithPr does the rock-jan fpel of thp morp 
recent releases of " Bit("h('s Brew" or his last recorded work , 
" Livl'-Evil." 

Kairos 
Harold Greenwald 

Directed Decision Therapy 
Introduction 

o ve lop d by Dr. Greenwald 
Ex peri men! a I/Demons\ rat ion Fv('n i ng 

UCSD-R v lie Campus 
Formal lounge 

Fri ., OrtobPr 13-8PM 
$3 G neral-$2 Studenr~ 

II Ibs.Wd1 $1.9a 
20 f~et of 'W I~k - 29 ~ 

o'l2r ttoO dlffe,..ent molcb 
- to Choose from 

Hill likes to bundle thematic materia l wi th a ward robe of 
costume characters. Buffalo Bob, The Red Baron, and jello 
man\ lemon meringue wife are flashier than Billy's belated 
drivel. Hill takes pot-shots at li terate applause by dumping 
quickies like "ignore the bad times and co ncentrate on the 
good" and "the moment simply is." Bi lly's message making is 
meatless. There's no build-up, only a series of entertain ing 
diversions. The expulsion of Dresden demon Paul Laza ro 
(chewed by Ron Liebmanl took the anti-voice away from the 
movie. Without Lazaro smacking his head against the wall, 
growling bare-tee thed bulldog, or ca ll ing je ll o man a 
"fucking fairy" when jello ma n goes "time tripping," there's 
no tension . We think zilch. The gelatin grows. Sit and enjoy a 
Dresden travelogue, giggle and twitter at a kwasy car chase. 
Passively, we watch George cook. 

Two men sat on a vera nda, up above the othe rs, watching 
cars pass by on the street below. They were attempting 10 
determine the prevalent colo r of the vehicles; there Wl\ 

Great Gatsby!" exclaimed the second man . 
Great Ga tsby?" 
Gatsby had a yellow car." 

Murh of the change tn sound can be attributed to the nrw 
band Miles now tours with . Other than Davis, the band 
features Carlos Garnet, soprano saxophone; Michae'l 
HendE'rson, bass; Cedric Lawson, organ; Reggre Lucas, guitdr, 
AI Foster, drums; Mutme, ongas; Roy Badal, Indian percus-
sion; and Balakrishna on si tar. While all are compptent 
musicians, only Davis, Henderson and particularl y Mutme, 
("ould generate any feeling to the crowd and that was too 
sporadi c to keep many around for the concert's conclusion. 
The overly amplified organ of Cedric lawson was reminiscent 
of Led Zeppelin night at the Sports Arena . Th fuzzed out 
guitar of Reggie Lucas was so badly distorted that it was nearly 
impossible to follow his few solos. 

The overly-amplified, poorly-miked band sound , as a 
whole, including the wah-wah trumpet of Dav is, showed no 
signs of the free-form lightness that came to charactE' rize the 
playi ng of M i les Davis when he established his name in the 
'40's, and whose sound came to be called "cool" jazz. Cool 
jazz had originated as Davis' answer to the aggressive qualities 
of Ihe predominate be-bop jazz. His playing was noted for Its 
lightness, for portray ing musical lyricism by a kind of ecstacy, 
and for the sensitive, hauntingly melodic solm that while 
(onsistent with the rest of the band, always seemed to be 
detached; and while seemingly fragmented , always remain d 
coherent. 

40 scents ® 79 ~ ea. _ , 

th Candte S~PP~j nothing else to do. " White." '~ R ed." 
" Whi te." 
" White." 
" Green." 
" White." 
" Black." 
"White." 
" White.," 
" White." 

nd daisies have yellow in them." 
r if he ever reaches green lights." 

he used to ." 
before he had a yellow car." 

10<) 0 Morena B\vo.. 
Phone. 2..7b-bS90 

<lCr055 F r(>rt1 (i'.f1€>{)(Jo'i] 
to.~ 5 ..... 'No~I.I Dr E ... ~t of'<' 
!.nt<<>t .. u' ~ -to ",'a.-eno.. '5\ .... & . 

The camera work sucks us in. It's natural and attractive, 
disinterested in a critical distance. In the prisoner scenes 
before Dresden, especially the train sequence, the camera 
huddles with Billy and Lazaro. We sit with Billy on the Disney-
land rides, watching, our only responsibility being to keep 
our eyes open . "why are there so many more whites than other colorsI' 

protect good from good." 
I don 't unde rstand ." This was the mdn that 1400 people came to see Sunday 

night. A man who is referred to as "hE'avy" in the' sense of a 
demandin g creative ego equal to a Van Gogh or a Dali . 

Of¥ .... 10- " 1o,2S - S-~t. ("'''' !Q.11 JI1 - MO<l\ ) 
asked the first man . Consciousness is a no-no. Buck Rogers in his fag outfit 

prances onto the scene for ou r eye's delight. Edgar Derby, the 
JFK figure , begins stirring some thought with John Wayne 

~entimenta lity . But the 55 shucks him. Paul Lazaro makes a 
five-second toothpaste commercial, and the story's finished. 

"White reflects the sunshine. It keeps the car cooler 
Darker cars absorb the heat, so the car gets hotter. So here i~ 

I hd VI' always believed that man needs protection from 
ness He is so used to the bad things that too much 
ness ~ t once and 100 often is mu ch more overpowerin g AI 46 years of age, he IS a great jazz man ; but on Sunday 

night , even though the musicians operated at a high level of 
technical proficiency. they are, at best, playing for 
themselves. Their matenal (all previously unissued) wa~ 
music by musiCians lor th participating muskians, and rap-
port between Davis and the crowd or the band and the 
crowd, ei ther physically or aesthetically, was non-existent. 

Tascon Productions and KDEO present the desert white is the most popular color." dangerous than the bad things that occur in people 's 
Thl'v all know how 10 react to bad , but goodness i 

always misunderstood." 
° Oh ." 

We whisk away on a Glen Gould keyboard to Tralfamador 
and the consummate r ndezvous with Miss Wildhack, breasts 
supplied by Valerie Perrine. A teal tickle and surprise in the 
sky close down the show. And what do we have? Hard-core 
Disney optimism emulsified with a snobbish detachment. A 
sl lcky glob that tastes sweet. A diversion , a Matterhorn ride, 
that Hill holds important because it is a "good time." And a 
sta temen t of obstinacy: Hill won 't budge from his laboratory 
kitchen, and the marvels of cool whitp, jello et al. are better 
than real organic stuff. 

" It is odd though," continued the second man, "odd thit 
white would protect one from the sun. And to thrnk that t that explains you r oddity of white ca rs and 

GORdON LiG~Tfoor 
mean the ame thing ." 

" I don ' t understand." a" ,,,'i.,n from the sun." 
" Weill mean in poetry, in symbol that is, white and the 

tand for the same things. You know, purity, brightne!\ .• ' f~"~'''v .''', goodness is always unbelrevable. People thin.k The name for the music they played fits all the positive hip 
cliches of the past five year. It was hrp, psychedelic, heavy, 
fre ,form; but was it aestheticJl ly elevating. Did this listener 
derive pleasu re from the experience? No way. 

Friday, October 20,8:30 PM 
Commumty Concourse Golden Hall 

TIckets: $5.50, $4 50, $3.50 
optimism. So called happy emotions." act always contains ulterior motive. Goodness IS 

"Yet one shields one from the other although th ey are d with cynicism." Tickets on sale at Civic Theatre 
Box Office , Highlander Men's Stores, 

all Metro agencies. 
same." 

They resumed thei r s· ·""V . .... ---------~I-----------------------------------------------., 

FILM FEATURES 
Approximately 15 works he founded the fir st On Monday, O ct. 16, two black comedy self-satirizing ~tyhle'd approach ~Imilar to 
~~b~~~wM~~t~~:gr~:~e Gt~lrn~~i~.I~m~~tt ~~ ~la~p~~11 ~ro~::~e~:~~ blo~~~ ; ':f~I~~::~~ attacking the es- Ant~~~~~~ tonrght i~ Arlo ~ 1111181 'II n I 
Gallery of San Di go, RalbcA ,ratv(ontributions is the im- as part of their cont inuing "She and He" by Su uml Guthrie's odyssey , " "'.I,cl' " ~ 
Park, through Nov. 5, 1972. 1 book Me~ican Paint- Monda y night se ri es. " Pretty Hanl r~ concerned wi th the R('~tauran t ," <md two anti-\\M 

Roberto Montenegro publi\hed in 1933. Poi50n" by Noel Black features prob lems of modern Japanese ~.lIi res. " Hat" and " Arcs Con- ~ 
born in Guada lajara in addr tlon to mural s, Tuesday Weld as a bored but society, examining the univer- tre Atlas." Films for both 
He spent his early years ntl'negro did a large sexy baton -tw ir l i n g hrgh \<1 1 drama of cont emporar, l'I ight~ begrn .11 7.30 in U B 1C' A "JLY 
ing and working in ber of ease l paintings, school ~enior and Anthony isola tion. hot on location in a 2722 and COq 50 cent~ . Spwar Cuesl soar ~ ftjY& ~ 
Paris and Palma de ally po rtraiture and Perkin s as an ex-a rsonist modern Japanese suburb, the ~ SAN DIEGO 
His acquaintance with . They t nd toward posing as a CIA agent. Here is film combines reahsm with a I FRI ~und~~B~que,~~~o WITNli~ic. In his ~rly ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~r _Ltl1 n • 
Gris, among others, sorn(' see an affinity with ROCK W ITH BACH ~. _.u OCT 27 ~ 
plai n the structural . The artist, who ; ; , - I . 
his work. By 1920 the artist In 196B, is represented in Noted superwei ght Virgil 0 I. 16 at 7 p.m. in the an vance and $5.75 the day of the I 

TOM PAINE MYSTERIOSO 
returned to Mexico and permdnent collections of Fox will pr sent an all Bach Diego po rt s Arena. Lead (oncert and are available at all ~ SrOBTlIISs •• tsAr •• I.rv.Ed.NI.6'A. 50"5.50 '~4P.5Mo ~ 
his contemporaries, Mu~cum of Modern Art, organ show, " Heavy Organ," guitarist Kim Simmons formed Bill Gamble'S Cl'ntral Ticket • • • 
on monumental mu ra l York , Los Angeles Coun- co mplete with light show and t he group over five yea rs ago ,I~e'nci~ and t he Sports Arena r"'eI' A",ldb'e at B,II Gambl.·, "en', st.,,,, 

quivering rafters in Peterson in the cradle of British inter- Box office (224-4176). Jame, C,nl"'T,, lei Apen'" •. SpO,IS A"na h '" 011 e tings for publi c b Mu\('um of Art; Houston Ca" 1144176 10. I" ,el .nrorm.l,on Glen Gentle 
The mystery sta rted at B Thursday 

nigh t with a man playi ng a woodwind 
instrument accompanied by various 
happenings, talking, playing and 
walk ong. Everyone wa~ doing his or 
her own thing. The mind didn't know 
what to believe. 

The ~e('Ond act came into focus. It 
was strange but worth thinking about. 
F rom everyw here came the chara cters 
to br introduced. Ev n though direc-
tor Tom O ' ilorgan was in New York, 
cdch actor performed graciously, co n-
stanlly hollering " Tom Paine." It was a 
peopl 's play. 1 he theat r was filled 
wllh J flurry o f voices and rebelliou s 
pr,lflring characters wearing black 
pan Is, black lOps, black socks and 
111M k Ballet Slippers. 

America was (ontendcd to be the 
promlspd land a~ so ynicJ lly 
figuri/('d by the bleak characters. The 
("onwp" dnd oth (' r duthorilarians of 
(Jur mod('rn sO(lp ty wpr(' made 
kn'lwn of th('lr Job ,n ,I vPry prople's 
w.IY 

'>protudl d,rf'ctlon WitS rndirp(tly 
(omlt'mnpd hut was usrci to show 
Ih,lt thf'rt, rs d dubiOUS god; "bu t what 
r.1I1 hI' do for us." The f,\f'nPrJI dnd 
J.\0vprnor stnod proud ly on glorr ous 
latr' ll1th ('"ntury costumes with th·, 

continuous dancing surrounding 
them. 

A comedy it was. So funny, that 
leNh were gayfully showing through 
most parts of the show. One was 
drawn to an illusion which port rayed 
the real artifacts of our socie ty; from 
roll r skating on stage to an imagina-
tion of what heaven is like. Then came 
an enchantment singing melodies of 
o ld transcribed for modern listeners. 
Th audience seemed to radiate with 
joy. 

There was a short intermission from 
9:13 until 9:25. The recapture o f the 
sce nes were, if you would , an exten-
sion of the starting scenes. 

In a pl'ople's way the cast holl rs 
" Who pays the taxes?" The crowd 
co nstantly favors the jo kes . The 
charact r s emed to be step eas ily 
onto thr flow of the show speaking in 
di,llects and displaying evcn more 
(' labor.lIe costum es of mockery . 

"Did Tom Paine Rea ll y Kill the 
King ." NOISY, noi~y it wa s. Kniv s 
stJbhlng at th l' killer's back and 
stoma h. Scary it was. But that didn 't 
prpvpnt the killing of the murderer. 
Hp died dripping on blood. Everyone 
rploi ted, long live Tom Paine. 

of the surge of p of Fine Arts and Gymnasium at California tate pretations of dirty Chicago Pagni is producer. = J 
nationali tic art alt other inte rnational pub- Univer sity San Diego on blues, and has weathered a A few thing~ to look forward jIIi I • &l1li . iii ' r -: 
Revolution. The prime and private collections. Wednesda y, Oct. 18 at 8 p.m. to tal of 3B personnel changes to' coming to the ports Arena 'ba -< -- AlC k > "Q> 
in establ the The program is sponsored by to remain the moving force on Oct. 27 i~ El ton John and m j-:.:':";:;'::;'::~'::':":":.:..:!2"":':":~:.::!=-1t----------~ the Cultural Arts Board , and behind the music. Alon g with Family . 0 Nov 12 at th 

tickets can be bought at the avoy Brown will be another ant a M 0 n i c a C i v i ( 
Altec Center Box Office. For English power of late, Uriah Auditoroum will be Procol l(\ -'f..- ------..... 

A lecture / demomtra (' i\ co nductor of further information ca ll 286- Heep, whose latest album on Harem, the group that out ~))",i 
"Dialogue b tween A elona's Ca talan Orchestra 6947. Mercury, " look At Yourself" rocks the Roll mg tone . On 
and French Music of t Con tem p o rary Music , Savoy Brown, perhaps less has enjoyed financial success Nov. 19 at the Community ~IIII....I-="'~ ... L-=' 
Two Centuries," will be RII',e rwlnrl'>r nl the Paris Musical dignified than Virgil but no in both America and Britain . Concourse in San Diego wil l ~ f"""IIIIIL~~ R.-: 
by noted French con Ic'r, musica l dire tor of less heavy, will appear in Miller Anderson will start the be Danny O 'Keele', the Hollies t-t·t ( .~l ~I 1 \,~N I 'll ( ( 
Konstantin imon ovi YpI!ldnty Greek Theater in casual concert thi Sunday, show. Tickets are $5.25 in ad - and Bill y Preston. 
UCsD at noon, Thursday, Unll .. d tatE'S and mem- t7 .AT U-() ~VI 
19, in the Recital Hall, 01 Ihe ju ry of the Par is Dl\. , "Iir~· . 
Ma tt hews Campus. L 

Simonovitch , pre VIRG l Tortl-Ila Flat 
founder, and conductor n addition, Simonovi tch 
world -famou s Paris I In dose cooperation Sp encer Tracy (19lf-Z) John Garfield 
mental Ensembl for r_ •• ,.m_ h tlil' french Broadcasting ~\ tI Hedy lamar 
pora ry Music , befla 1 I{'vlsion Office (ORTFI \. 
musical studies in his 11(' was for some time in 
youth in Belgrade: dnd of the Instrumental 
only 12 when he gave hrs h Dppa rtment. A great 
violi n rf'cital. Adm itt ed 01 tIl(' ORTF's recording 
Belgrade' s Upp('r M ry " composed of works 
Academy, he' di ~tinJ.\u I'nl'd by imonovit ch 

him~elf in condu( tin f(, rb .. Pdr l ~ [n~emble for 
position, trumpet , ,Ind dry Music, which 

~Io n rla~se~ . He was ~p fI'\ top rr nch soloisl ~ 
~olo - kpttl(' drummN pl"YI <In important part in 
grade'" opera whil(' at .1Il musical life. 

~p.ru -

Fritz Lang's 
Fury 

pencer Tracy (79 6) ilvia idney 

undo Mdtinee Student Discount 
Bo. Office op .. ns .t 5:30 488-3353 

Triton Time Pag 7,0 tober 13.1972 



Correct Numbers 
Have Arrived 

It was brought to our att ent ion not tuo long ago that some 
information published on the Sports Pa ge, namely a list of 
clu bs, who to contact for informat ion on those cl ubs, and 
their phone numbers was in error. Sure enought there was a 
mixup at the printers and many phone numbers were posted 
by the wrong names. We apologize for any inconvenience we 
ma y have caused anyone. The fo llowing is a l ist o f the 
corrected numbers . 

CL UB 
HOR EBACK 
KARATE 
MODERN DANCE 
M UIR O UTING 
All! G 
KIN/SCUBA 
DIVING 

SKY O IVI G 
"JOW KI 

SL R~I G 
Tf NIS 
W,\T[R KI 
YOGA 

CONTACT 
andy Rokop 

Les Ingber 
Renee 
Barbara H ickey 
M ike Orbach 

Fred Fischer 
cott Goodrich 

Ron Sco tt 
Gary Becker 
Mike CrUikshank 
Bert 
john Anderson 

PHONE 
X21950r4S9-H977 
X·1249 
X 2282 
X 1086or45 57U 
4S3691~J488·3 42 

X· I.J.'i3 
2.?2SS7(; 
X 1391 
X /27') 
X·2571 
X ?2o} 
X·/t 43 

(]()m~l'tBP SI-III ~icks ... 
Buchbinder and Sesma 

\'\-1'11 grtdlron goer., la.,t week's pKks WNP right up there 
)n" Dlpgo made the Colts sprawl and the Cowbovs managed 
to ru't the teeler'> 0 here we go again WIth some more zany 
football pl(ks. 

Thi, wl'pk's flr\t gamr f('atures the 'ian Diego Charger 
PItTing their Ilghtnlnll bolt., ,md Deaton jonpses against Butch 
C a,>wh and the Sundancl' kid of Ihe Miami Dolphins. 
""hough at flr'>t glan{l', (I.( tht> Dolphl"" remain thp onl ' 
undl'fratrd team tn the "iFI.I It would seem that the ChMgers 
don't have a ch,lIlce In a snowstorm In San Diego of winning, 
and the Chargers Just may bp able to give th(' Dolphins a run 
for their f"ppprs. An improv('d offensivp 11nC', Ipss passIng and 
morC' IoCliance on the running game, added to what nOIll 
provl's to be a rather formidable defense, might just give the 
Chargers all they need to be In the Orange Bowl this unday . 

However, the Dolphins might just be the most Impressive 
football team in existence at the moment. They just don 't 
seem to make mistakes. And since the Chargers somet imes 
manage to, th iS might just give the Dolph ins a big edge. So, 
we edge them wi th 5 pomlS. 

Game two features the San Diego competttion fo r first 
place m the AFC West, Kansas Ci ty, embroiling themselvps in 
battle with the Cmcinnall Bengals. Kansas, althougr. at p re-
,rnt time in first place III their diVIsion, does not appear to be 
nl'arly as strong as it has been in the past few seasons. 
Cmcinnatl, no great blockbuster ei ther, does have the defen-
"ve abilllY to SlOp the Kansa~ City offense, which has had ig 
Itil of trouble t h l~ season At any ra te. by now you' re entire ly 
borf'd with this article, so we predict a Bengal upset, by 8 
[lOl nts 

WE DELIVER 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 
Governor & Genesee 

Triton Times Page 8, O ctober 13, 1972 

New UCSD Basketball Mentor 
Sizes Up Coming Season 

Mike Roth 

Coach Bill Reeves, the Tritons' new varsit y basketball 
coa ch, is faced with a probl em with which most of the UCSD 
coaching staff would like to be faced . There are more athletes 
try ing out than there are positions on the team, something 
that is not often the case on this campus. For approximately 
ten to twelve places on the varsity squad , there are 25 
candidates, and there are about 35 candidates trying out for 
the jun ior Varsity. 

I n order to sift through this wealth of talent, Coach Reeves 
wi ll ho ld tryout sessions next Monda y and Tuesday evenings 
from 4 to 7:30 p.m. The Junior-Varsity coach, Charlie 
Bu chanan, will hold tryouts the following Wednesday, 
Thursday, and Friday evenings from 6:30 to 7 :30 p.m. Some 
fa mil iar faces among those trying for spots on the team are 
Paul Trai ner, last year's leading scorer and rebounder, Pete 
Henderson, th e second lead ing rebounder, Jon Lelevier , a 
starting guard, and Geoff Kostyshak; all returning from last 
year's squad. Other leading prospects include Howard 
Roberts, a tra nsfer from an Eastern junior College, Gie 
Simpson, who played a year for USD, Bru ce Breathwai te, 
Herb Hunter, and Ron Werft amo ng others. 

Coming off a 13 and 12 record from last year, the Tri tons are 
look ing forward to a 25 ga me schedule which will Include a 
va rie ty of opponents. The highlight of the season should 
come in late February when the team wi ll t ravel over t he 
Paci f ic to face the University of H awai i. The knowledgeable 
basketba ll fa n will remember that Hawaii w as nationall y 
ranked last year and, accord ing to Coach Reeves, should be, 
"by far the toug hest opponents." Westmont College, the 
<chool tha t reprpsented the outhern California Distri ct in the 
NA IA fi n a l ~ held In Kansas last y ar also figures to be one of 
thl' toughPr tPam, on the schpd u le. 

Coa ch Reeves has been a tive in San Diego basketball for 
som time, having coached La jolla High School to three 
leag ue championships in the early 60's before moving to 
M esa College. He stayed at Mesa as assistant basketball coach 
and head tennis coach until last spring when he took over as 
coach after Barry Cunningham announced his ret irement. 
When asked about the athletic philosophy of UCSD, Coach 
Reeves stated that he was very mu ch in favor of the student 
athlete: " It will be a challenge to work with students who are 

pl~ ying for the fun of it and not being paid . I'm very much 
interes ted in coaching student athletes, not professionals." 

The new head coach al so said that he felt that athletic 
scholarships were not inevitable with UCSD's growth, though 
he did express concern for many athletes who wanted to go 
to college, but were held back not because of any academic 
restrict ions, but simply because they could not afford a 
college education . " It would be nice if those ballplayers who 
need help could get it. Everybody ought to be able to go to 
co llege, and if students need financial aid they should be 
given it. Scholarsh ips should be awarded on the basis of need. 
There shouldn' t be any discrimination against basketball 
playe rs if they are ready for college and are in need of some 
financial assistance, but it should be on the basis of need. I'm 
not in terested in buying baske tball players." 

Hi s own philosophy toward coa ching and gettmg the te~m 
ready for the upco ming season i simply stated : " To prepare 
ea ch player and th erefore the team to play each game as besl 
they possibly can ." 

Harriers Face Chapman, 
A-P in First Home Meet 

,1Iurday brings to many of 
you the chanc(' that you have 
bren wai ting lor all qua rter. 
Ye', this i, it, the U D cross 
c ountrv tram will bl' in action 
at thl'lr home fipld dnd the 
I)fO\PI'Ch for a victory Jrc 

lookln~ !lood, a,> d mJtter of 
1,1((, ()np mIght even say very 
good 

last wrekpnd thr harr iers 
tra.<'I<'C1 up to UC Santa Bar· 
bara for that annual ca rn ival 
thC' All-Cal competition. Th('y 
(dme back in a better posi tion 
than the week before, when 
they took last. After los ing to 
U Riverside the week before 
last, they edged the same team 
out las t weekend for fourth 
spot in Santa Barbara. 

oach Skie f feels that the 
leam IS begin ning to co me 
around better now that they 
havp been running more. Un-
for t unate ly, m idte rm s are 
comi ng around soon also, so 
no onp knows how long the 
tI'Jm w ill b around . Ed Avol is 
still the number one man and 
shou ld be ab le to pu t it all 

Marl< Liska 
togrthN this aturday. He is 
bC'ong complimentf'd In the 
number two spot by freshman 
ace Mike RNgkamp. The five 
other posit 10m are being filled 
bv 1 v.uiC'tv of improving and 
improved runne rs. C hu ck 
Crumlry, who IS so much 
bp\tN than last year, is ru nning 
thIrd. Somewhere next in line 
i\ Kirk Nl'well, and ge tting 
ovPr the su mmer slowl y bu t 

~urely, rred Sorenson, Mike 
De Soda, another freshman 
and Bob P rez. 

This Saturday should prove I 
to be the harriers first victory . I 
Coming in to town to face the f 
Tritons in their home opener 
will be Chapman and Azusa· 
Paci fic, two fami liar faces from 
the past. If the team contin ues 
to improve, these two teams 
should not be able to ov('r-
come the UCSD tea m 

Coa h ki ef is looki ng 
forward to a hetter seaso n 
than last year . He is count ing 
on winn ing a couple o f fi ne 

dual meets coming up in the 
schedu l e, am o n g t h e m 
continued on page 9 

At Ihe Glob. .. . Now PlaYing 

GHIlD1· PLAY 

Violence 8"d terro r lurk in the 
hallway. of 51. Cherie. Boys 
School. Gripping d re me int.r· 
spe rsed wilh wry humor. 
N ot recommended for children 

lraduatlna IhlS Jaar? 
Fulfill your military obliga tion 
in a meaningful way as a 

CoaSIBuard 
InterviewS on campus 
9 :00 A . M . to 2:00 P .M . 

13 Oc t ober 1972 
Contact Placement Office to schedule interview. 
Or mail coupon below for informat ion. 

r-------·-~--~---------· Send 10 · L.omrnanoeJ: PLP J I . El eventh oast Guard Di s trict I 19 Pine Avenuer Heartwell Bldg . Long Beach Ca i f ornia 90802 I Please tell me'flow I can luil lit my mltltary obligation as a I Coast Guard Officer. I Nlm.' _ ________________ _ 
Addre .. ; _ _ _______________ _ 

'

I City Sllle Zip I Coltege, _______ ________ -.,--L ___________________ ~_-J 

Woman's Team Set 
Legal Aid. • • • • 

College. After th is 
team will begi n competi -
in the Invitationals, wh ich 
sometimes hazardous fo r 
Icam because of lack o f 

For Another Title 
All undergraduates have 

bee n m ailed a le tte r ex-
plaining the program together 
with an applicat ion form and a 
pr e-a ddr esse d , sta mped 
enve lo pe . Underg r aduate 
students who have not ypt 
received the mailing are urged 
to check for it at thei r perma-
nent m ail ing address; both un-
d r g r ads and g r aduate 
students can also pick up an 
application and letter directly 
f rom the cent er office In 250 
MC (across from the BaSIC 

emergency numb r . 
UndergradU,lIes WIll receive 
their membprship cards only If 
they fill out and return an 
application form. (The infor-
mation on the application 
form enables the centpr to 
prOVide much faster assistance 
In an t'mergency I However, thi s Saturday 

a.m. on the cross country 
U SD should begi n its 

I f pos si bl e, thi s year s 
women 's inte rco ll egiat e 
voll eyball tea m is going to b 
even better t han las t years' 
team (who were league 
champs). acco rd ing to coach 

" The Marx Brothers, EL TOPO, and Fellini 
... you ' ll laugh your head off!" 

-Lyons, WPIX, New York 

" A bawdy phantasmagoric journey." 
--CUE Mag. 

" An adult fairy tale . • • we just sit back 
and laughl" -Gelml., NEWSDAY 

EVENINGS THROUGH WEDNESDAY 
MACUNAIMA 8:45 PM 

A surreal comedy rooted," Brazil' 5 folklore and myth. 
Also: ONE PLUS ONE 7:00 & 10:30 PM 

Luc Godard's contemplation of revolutIOn With the Roiling 

The uniCORn CIa 

Cheryl Elliol 

Chuck Millenbah. Chuck fee ls 
his girls are individuall y the 
bes t in the leag ue . What 
remains to be seen is if the 
girls are as great collective ly. 
But if Wednesday night is any 
indication of the team's abil ity, 
Chuck's predictions will be 
rasy to liv(' up to, as the girl s 
smashed Southwestern junio r 
Co ll ege, in th e i r seaso n 
opener, 15-5, 15-5, whi l the B 
tea m romped to a 15·1, 15·5 
victory. " Devas tating" was 
Chuck '5 verdict. 

The team is paced by retur-

Pacific Coast Highw~y al 0 
Encin ilas- 751-3955 
FRI -SA T-SU 

ft1or'1i .. ~ of 
the. Earth 

7:30-10:00 
THE MO ST POETI C 

STATEME NT OF THE 
DY NAMI C & rL ART 

& LIFE STYLE OF SURF· 
ING ·SURFER MAGAZINE. 

• MONDAY ONLY 
Mark of Zorro 

Tyrone Power as Zorro 
THIEF OF BAGDAD (1924) 
Douglas Fairbanks in 

a si len t Cl assic 
7 :30-9: 15-11 :30 

gJ'ton 
IPresulne. 

May we suggest a new natural high ; namely, Ii tening to a 
pa ir of our BOSE 901 stereo speaker systems? Music critics 
from AU D IO magazin e to SATU RDAY REVIEW rated BO 
901 best! 

J{I-('(' I).-a",illg! 
- - ON LY U C D STUDENTS OR - -
FAC ULTY M'EM BFRS MAY PARTICIPATE. 

Friday October 27 at 3:00 p.m., a $496.00 pair o f 
BOSE 901 speakers (with equalizer) will be 
gi ven away to the lucky person whose winning 
entry is drawn 
Bri n g in yo ur favor i t e 
recordin g and h ar the sound 

cl oses t to the original per -
formance. 

~=~ 
7~fJ IVANHO( 
I F1 PJtlf) HldJo;) 

Ie'! 1I,0\lol(>l)n .. 
(nmpit'lI> ,,.\11·'11 \~ r-----------------, If sOUNopmi'CA NAMf I 

I OPEN 10 to 6 I I Mond., .h .... 'h SIt ", • • , A f) f) R r ss I 
TeL N o . 459·9539 1'110 F NO. 

7946 Ivanhoe (In EIPatio Bldg .) --- -----
______ CLI",S""," ".~. o" tK"'~- - --

ning stars Elainp Simay, who 
was last yea rs MVP, setter 
Carol M artindale, and Shelley 
Hill . who h a~ returned after a 
year in Italy. Newly welcomed 

ad d i tl o n ~ i n c lude Sh ar on 
Wood, Robin Irwin, and Bran· 
dy Klein. Sue Papinek, whose 

~ ummer pracli e h a~ been ex-
tremely fru itful , is also a setter, 

a~ IS ou r new Norwegian 
wondE'f, who is affectionately 
known as "Zipper" (no one 
(dn pronounce her real 
ndme). Ellen O'Rourke, Laurip 
Dunlap, Laurie Gage, Donna, 
and the ever pres nt Linda are 
the "B\". Since evpryone 
rotdtes though, all are capable 
of playing anywhere. 

cienc Budding parklllg lot) 
The extension there is 2945 

f undamental Right 

Strict conilu"ntlality of 
reco rds will bl' maIntained 
Applicatton forms wili bl' 
treated as purf'ly conftdrntlal 
and will be kept in a locked 
file cabinet 111 a securp on-
campus office where centN 

~taff WIll have exclUSIve dccess 
to them . Individual filt's will hp 
created only If a student re-
qUf'sts the Sl'rVlces of th 
cpnter, and e~!'n thl'n, file< 
will contain onh ad· 
mlnlstrative information 111 thl' 
nat urI' of cour appearance 
dates and follow up noll(1'1 
All sensitIve informatton pl'rti-
nent to a student's ca<!' Will be 
communicated solelv 10 an at-
tornev a nd, of cou rse, is 
therefore privileged undH the 
attorney/ chent r!'lationshtp . 

The team has moved quickly 
in a short time (2 weeks) . They 
have gone from a light-
hearted 30 to a tough 12 (I 
know as I tried) . Chuck I~ 
dlded in workouts by hIS right 
arm and manager, ue, and 
men's volleyballers jim Rabe 
and leff Gorrell. PractIces are 
ht'ld Monday and Wednesday 
from 4:30 - 6 pm. and Tu sday 
and Thursday from 5 - 6 p.m. 
They will soon be moved to 
the morn tng though as the 
men's basketball team Will 
begin to dominate the gym 
floor. 

The center is a non·proflt 
CalIfornia corporation, \teve 
Ptngr ,member of the board 
of directors and coordinator 
'In thiS campu~, describes it as 
"philosophically commItted to 
the posi t ion that everyone has 
a fu ndampntaf rtght of un-
restricted access to the highest 
quality legal services," Those 
services are available to 
students wi th membership 
cards. The card IS needed to 
Identify the student as a center 
member and lilts the 24·hour 

Interested students are in· 
vlted to work on the program 

TIDES 
O ur team IS defending 

champion of the outhern 
California Women's League 
which Includes Grossmont. 
Palomar, Mesa USIU, 
Sou thwestern and San Diego 
State. The team Will also com· 
pete 111 va rious tou rnaments 111 
the Sou th land . Thl'se and 
o th er de t ai l s WIll be 
enumerated later along with 
the team's sched ule for those 
of you who dig watching an 
exci ting group of girl> IVln 
some action-packed game<. 

High Tide 
Sunrise 7 01 

Lo", T IriP 
~UIllf'1 fo.l1 

Oct. 14. 'al 
On. 15. un 
Oct. 16. 'vian 

1:364.B 10:36 10 
ft41 373.30 46 94236 1 133 08 
65041 5OO47113r, 31 

Sunr'sl' 7 05 
Sun'!'t 6:25 

Oct 17, Tue<. 703 4.6 bOq 50 12 1S 0 (, 1~ 30 ~4 
OCI 16, Wpd -: 2ft 51 7 05 5~ 12.53 0.4 1 13 1 h 
On 19, Thu" -: 4857 75\ 54 1 260.4 1·54 07 
Or! 20, Fn . 8 14 ", 3 6·43 5.4 3 00 0 J ~ 15 0' 

Self-determination 
in the Test-Tube 

/\n awesome eVPl11 I' about to bt' (on· 
,ulllmdtC'd· human (on\C'p"on in " tPlt 
tubl' 

IndeC'd, Robert G. Edwards of Cambridge 
UnlvN~lIv's Physiology De'partment ha' 
alreadv done it Tha: i', he'l taken an egR 
from d woman', eflg <a( bv IIlSNtlOg a 
nC'Pdle-lIke laparoscope through her ndvf'l, 
unttf'd the egg with d 'perm (ell In J glas, 
dISh, then nurtured the' relultlllg pmbrl'o 
throu!\h more than 100 dl\islom 

Now, however , I n a hospital In 
Manches trr, Enflland , Edwards is goin\.; to 
cdfry the concl'ption procp I to completion 
by rC'implanllng the etnbr\(1, Jg,lln with the 
laparoscopp, through thE' ndvel into the 
womdn', uterul. Nine month, later, if .111 
go('\ wrll, <hI' lIIill gl\OP birth to the world'.; 
fl"t human bab\ con[eiH'd /rl v,lro 

Thl' mothrr \\111 be one of 50 \olunt(,f'r< , 
,111 of them doctor< , dm lOr,' \""PI , or 
nur E" . Thew \\ollld-bC'·mothpr, art' ql'rtl(' 
bN Juse of blockag('\ In their m Iduct' . 
whKh m,lke It Impo IblC' tM thl' 0\ um (e~~ 
c·1'11) to m,)~e «(1ntact with 'pl'fm. 

In <pile of these moth('fl ' \\llhp" t.>\en 
lon~lngl, for the ('xperlC'nrl' of glvlO~ birth, 
,amI' flfst -ra te 'Clentiqs h,1\1' publicly 
called for thf' ,toppagl' of Edw.Hd\ ' ('~. 
pf'flml'nt\. Harvard" jaml'l ("Douhle Hrll\ ' 
") \'VJhOn call, 111 vrlfO (onceptlon "an 
,lhomllldble au " 1d~ Pl'lull, an Englt h 
\J obel laure,ltr hlO( hemlS!. ,aI" that thl' 
" "hole na ll on \hould drcide whl'ther or 
not thC'H' expellml'nt\ should continue. 
These s iem iq, arl' \\ornt.>d that Ihe chIld 
wil l bl' born wit h deformitl(,s - remember 
thahdomidel - and that th IS WIll {"fcatr ,1 
revul,lOn against all \(tence. They're more 
WOrri ed th,lt the ex pNlmen!. if succ(,ssful, 
wi ll bnng thc " Bra e ew Wo rl d " of 

~enet l c engineenng upon u beforc we'rE' 
rpadv to (ope "' lin II . 

Idou Huxley, in BraVl' pw World, 
p redi cted tha t we w ill u\e gene tic 

C'nglnl'erint.: to (fI·ate armlC" 01 lripn,,( .,1 
hum,lm "ho \\ould 11\1' In ,I t.:pnl'tlc,IIII 
detNmln£'d hIPr,Jr(h\ In 'ufh" \\(Hld thl'r!' 
1\ no ,urh thlm: .I' Indi"dual ref'dom-
,llth()u~h tlH're "('IIKIPm,, <uttICll'n,\ an(f 
C'\1'11 happlnl"'. The comrll'\lt~ of 
prohlt'm' that I:pnPtlC I'n~lIll'l'rlnt.: \\111 
bring coin bc ~llmp'C'ri In Perllt7" (mn 
t.,tpm('nt thl' \\ holl' n.,tlon \hould dl'( II' 

tht' bch,l\lor 01 an tndl\ldual n ordt'r to 
prp\('nt ., Br,HI' '..1'\\ \\nrld, .1 "orld II' 
\\hlch thl' Oph.lVlor ot thl' indi"dual , 
dl'ncie'd atwad 01 IlInt·. 

Th!' cru\ ot t hf' 1"111' 1'. \\ ho I' 0 d('Cldl' ,1 
pl'"on\ hphavlnr l \,\,p \\ould likl' IWdpl"lo 
hI' ~('II·dC'tl'rtmnll1~ , but .It th(' '.lmt' limp 

\~("d IIkp thcnJ to (o·oPl'r,lIP \~lIh p,)! h 
othl'r Till' (onlll( t bl't\\C'pn thl"t tl\O 

\~"hl" I' the b,1\I' nl mo" of our prohlplll' 
RI'( ,lU\(' thi' ton!11I "ould br nlll1l'Tlll, I t 
\\l' \\pre' ,111 bIOI"~lcalil Idptltil.tI, fTlJm 

thln~Pr' hpll('\1' th.lt thp \t'rl ,'\I,tl'nn' ot 
ml'thod' to bril1l~ about hlOlo~1( JI Idpl1tlt\ 
" lik"iI to IP.lei qUltl' qUit ~I\ to thl'l[ 1H'ln~ 
u>C'd to thl' pnd \'\{' ohlt'{ t to unltoro 111\ 
bPI"U\(, IvP do not hpll(,\(, In th. 
~f'nulnrn(''' of till' wit·dt'tl'rrnln.,tlllI ' ot 
Icil'tltll')ll'l1tllll" . 

Blit tht'fl' .1IP nth('r thln~' v,p (lluld dn 
\~lIh );('nl'tll t'nglllPNlng \\ (' l "uld "'" II 
to (rt'.lIl' ~rt "tl'r '1'If·drtel mln.1tl011 III ,I 
\lorld wh(';(' morC' mC'antngful (ooppr"ti(l11 
I' p""lhlo' It m,lI bl' Pl1lightl'l1lnl; to II\( 
'on1l' of thC' thtn~' th.lt gel1<'ti( t'n-:It1I'('nn" 
" Iohl'l\ to 11(' ,lblt' to accol )pll,h III thl' n(ll' 
toC'·""t')nt tUIlH(, ; 

-\1111110(('1111,/1 ' pren.JtJI 'alllrlln~ 01 he 
,1mnl(1I1C lIuld , round thp tl'tll' h'l' ,1Irl',lIi\ 
bt'gul1 HI th" nJrthod ,ome grnt'IiC dl'l(',1\ 
can br til' W( It' j and th('rapt'utlC .lborlilln 
r('c·omml'ndcd Man, palt'n t' H'g.Hd th" ,1 
.1 g,lln In ,plf·dl'tl'rmlnation - for 
thC'm,l'lvr'> , and 111 the long run lor ~OCll'tI 

continued on pilce 10 

Triton Timt>s Pag 9, r tnher 13, 1972 



WE HAVE BEEN FORCED TO VACATE 
AND YOU CAN HELP US MOVE " .•..• 

ALL AREAS OF THE STOR'E' HAVE 
REF.:N DRASTICALLY REDUCED . . : : :~~. 

r.,..T 
... ALL I 

EVERYTHING 
UNDER __ THE SUN 
HOUR5-9AM TO 9PM •• 

MON THRU FRI 
lOAM TO 6PM. 
SAT AND SUN 

MERCHANDISE SUBJECT TO 
STOCK ON HA.ND, NO C.O.O . 
OR MAIL. ORDERS, PL.EASE. 11 jalla CORNER OF PROSPECT 

ANO IVANHOe: 

.1-1171 

Triton Times Palle 10, October 13,1972 

CLARIFICATION 

In an article in the Tuesday, 
Oct. 10 edition of the TRITON 
TIMES, in an article entitled 
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION 
REPORT, the TRITON Tlf\}f£S 
reported that Beverlee Bell 
was appointed coordinator of 
affirmative action. 

The TRITON TIMES wishes 
to clarify that statement by 
adding that Ms. Bell has been 
named the coordinator of 
Academic affirmative action a 
post that only deals with the 
hiring of academic personnel. 

Th e TRITON TIMES is sorry 
for this unintentional omis-
sion . 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

! 
J 

'- ' t ·.." .. 
" ~'- . 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used ca r, 
t ruck, cam per, m otor 
home and mobile hom e 
loa ns , Our " Automa · 
tlon" (Auto Information 
ServIce) can assist yo u 
Wit h Blue Boo k p"ces, 
dealer discounts and 
market values o f new 
and used c a rs, You r 
Credit Unoon makes 
shopPing e ilsy, fas ter 
a nd saves yo u money . 

lliJ~~ 
eRE T W . IO N 

' 1trJIIJ1I' , "~"'Id ~-III' II \Jf~.I!U, 
Unive rsity & State Em ployees 

Cred it Union 
5555 Mildre d St . 291-1838 

5191 College Ave. 286,4210 

announcements 
THE NEW ALCHEMY friday 

Brown Bag Rm 10 a ,m" back 
about 2, (1 :1) 

continued from page 9 
Gene therapy: modifying 

genes, adding genes, subtrac-
ting genes, either before the 
birth or after , A gene has 
already been successfully 
added to human cells in tissue 
culture, so it is clear that this 
affects not just future 
generations but the present 
one as well. And this forces us 
to ask questions such as, What 
genes do we want? To what 
extent should individuals be 
allowed to choose what genes 
they add or subtract? If the 
past is any guide, there will be 
fads , fashions, fraternities, and 
rivalries in "gene apparel." Of 
course this is quite futuristic -
but we may well live to see it 
because early gene therapy 
may halt aging and extend our 
lifespans, 

Cloning : making a replica of 
an individual from one of its 
cells, This may seem far out , 
but it 's already been done with 
frogs. It's the obvious way to 
make Huxley's army of iden-
t ical entities, But it may be 
poss ibl e to use a modified 
fo rm of c loning to g row, in 
ti ssue c ulture, just an organ 

Modern Dance Club will meet 
necessary tor tran fliday, Oct. 1), from 1 to 3 p,m, 

In the North Balcony . (1 :1) 
could be grown quick ly by 
use of growth hormones Horseback Riding Ctub will mee t 
may be poss ibl e to ' on f rIday October 13 at 5 :00 pm 
organs in some w ay, In the PE Cla\sroom , For any 
case there would b e no rma tion contact Sandy 
tion problem, beq use at Ext. 2195, (1 :1) 
clone organ wo\Jld n ize Swim Club will 
genetically identica l to on Friday October 13 at 

pm in the PE Classroom . For 
own organs, mformation contact Re ne e 

Self determinati on is XT 2282, (1 :1) 
enhanced if one has 
choice not only in o ne's UCSD taculty go o ut side 
style but in one's body fo r sati sfaction o f 
even brain _ style , c~nJ. glrievan(:e~( fT pane l di s-
. h .-.. ... " "'n of thc\e a nd o the r issues 

!ton t at is necessary fro m th e case o f Or , 
ling a particular d 3 b Dagmar Barnouw, Fri ay, p.m " 

rain) style is ce rt a Blake Confr rence Room. (1 ,1). 
deeper cooperation Ihan 
is now possible. Gover no r Pat Lucy (Wisco n ~i n ) 

As for the in vitro Iwill he at the M c Govern Hd q ., 
tion issue, I think it is .505 Hotf'1 Circle, Friday 4 p .m" to 
the abortion issu e, in talk With Itudents , Cars will be 
h b leavl n~ from the Brown Bag 

t e urning questi on IS, Room, Lower Mu ir Co mmo ns, 
a woman have the ri 3:30 (1 1) 
determine what is d 
her body? " Wh en 
therapy becomes avail 
the question will be, 
person have the rig h t to 
mine what is don e with 
her body? " We h ad be rrel 
leas t , talk about it now. 

A U,S COdst Guard re presen -
IWV!' 1\111 be o n ca mpus inter-
Viewing fo r off ice r cand idates to 
wrve In l uch a reas dl: ge ne ra l 
Ih 'phOJrd d uty, Po rt Securit y, 
merrhant mar ine safety, boating 
ano safety, and admin is tration , 
Call C" ('('I-Educ at ion Planning 

ServlCe~, X2401, to set up an 
apPOi ntme nt for an inte rview 
F"day, Oct. 13, 1972. (1 :1) 

triton times The Anomaly Factory presents the " Amazing Amalgamated 
Amorphous" this Friday and 
s..turday at 8 p.m. "Amorphous" 
il a multilensual theatrin l maze 
in which Ihe audience is ireI' to 
choose their own direction, 
length of stay, and degree of 
participation. Tickets "I' 
nailable at the Urey Hall Box 
Office or at the door (257 MC). 
(6:1) 

Editor-in-Chier 
City Editor 
M .... l{ing Editor 
Copy FAitor 
Business Manager 
Edilorial Director 
Art •• :ditor 
Sports Editor 
Photogr""hy .:diwr 
A •• istant City f:dilors 

Camy Shanck 
C.rrte Rickta'\ 

David Buchbinder 
Chuck Graha m 
Michael Greene 

Mark ~ I~K .. I 
Tom Lindberg 
Michael Ra th 

JOI' ~:a s lern 

Tommy Ca Ii mt't' 
Richard Ilrom 

M i"hae l Sesm. 
( 'orrinne Cacit' 

'I"br TRITUN TIM F.S is uffici.Uy rt-WllniF.eCi and 8uPvorlt'd 
•• • • (u.at newspappr by tn.. Commwunhortb (loud of t )\4' 
Univf'nil}l or Cali(orni • • San OieICo. nuildinl( z,j(J. M.lt h (' Vt "o 
Campus, IA Joll • • Californi. 9lO.17. 
I'ublicalion is twice "",,~kly on TuudaYli and Fr id ilY~ O(fu,-r .. 
are locat.ed in room 11 7 Bl8k~ lIall , on .tw Ke,.lIe ( 'HmpUf, 
For advutilfirnc phone . :;'1-"722. or ' :;J ~2000 . '(1 11 17; ror 
editorial or news phoM' ,1$0, · 2000. XIOl6 

Shanghai 
Ma ndarin & hanghai 

"lyle 
Chi n e~e Re~ tauran t 

saturday 
ic wi th McGovern, Free 

drin k, e ntertainm e nt , 
Ideas Meet o ur next President. 
Bal boa Pa rk, 6th & Laurel , 10 a .m , 
Sat , Oct, 14. Cars leaving from 

wanted 

sunday 
Duplicate Bridge Tournament , 
and free be ginner 's lessons will 
be heir! e ve ry fllst and th ird 
unday of every month. starting 

O ct. 15. Rev .. lI .. Cafe tell a 7 :45 
for game, 7:15 for lessons , UCSD 
students and staff - 25c, non -
U CSD - 50c . Pri7e s & 
Refreshments , , . Info rmation-
Barry-453-2209 (1 :1) 
THI IS I r! Tryout ' fOJ the first 
UCSD Drama Club produClio n 
will be thi s Sunday, O ctobpr 15, 
This first productio n will be a 
rous ing Gay90's, full y \ty ll'd, 
che er the he ro, h iss the vi llain 
mt' lodram a! Lo t s of Pd rt S 
available , Anyone inter .. Sle'd in 
working production aspec ts o r 
tech shou ld also att e nd . 2:00 at 
the U(SD Thea tre (beh ind the 
bookstorel. If unahle to make 
tr youts at that li m e, or more 
info rmati o n is des ired, ra il Larry 
at 453-9045 (1 :1) 

tuesday 
"STAR PARTY" 

UCSD ASTRONOMERS will 
lold a meeting and star party on 
ruesday, Oct. 17 ~t 7:30 p.m. The 
neeting will be in USB 3010, and 
will be followed by the star party 
in the PIau. We will have 
telescopes for all to view the 
Moon, Jupiter and its moons, 
and much more. All are 
welcome. For more information, 
COlli 274-6793: (1 : 1) 

general 
Two to three mi nute com men-
tary fOl tuesd ay oct. 19 K 00 
co mmun ity vie wp Oint Jim 
Robe rt s 234-8361 a pp for the 11 
o r 13 (2:1) 

Dance Tecnique and Im p rOVisa-
tion classes will be o ffe red by the 
Phys ical Educat ion Department 
beg innin g Monday, O ct. 16, 
They will meet on Mondays and 
Wednesda ys fro m 2-3 In the 
Dram a St u d io . Anyo n e In -
te res ted is welco me to pa r-
tici pate. Fo r furth e r info rmation 
contact Renee Cadena at Exl. 
2282 (1 :1) 

general 

10" a off c/inl1C'r 
m C'nu with ~flJd(' nt /,0 , 

Gi rl Roo mmate Needed : 2 bdrm, 
2 bath, La Jolla Village Apts" 
saO/ mlh, call 453-8947 after 4, 
(3 '1) 

WEAVING CLASSES BEGINNING 
NOW : Barbara Shawc ro ft , 
authentic Navajo rug weaving, 
backstrap, 4-harness loo m, 755-
4461 , Carmel Valley Weavers, 
1342 Camino Del M j r, Del Mar , 
(2:1) MA Y W E SUGGEST 

OUR C HINESE 
SMOR G ASBOARD FOR 

W EE KD A Y LUNCHES 

101 7 P rospC'("t 
I \ JOLLA 
454-5806 

Ho use mate wanled to share 3 
bedroom 2 bath in La joll., must 
b grad, Sl00/ mo+ util. X2528 
(3 1) 

VO LU NTEERS NEEDED to' help in 
pare nt co-op pre-school in 
Ocein Beach. Sue, 277-6649. 

WANTED: Boy's Bike, 21" or 
smaller, coaster or hand br ilkes. 
Call 453-6467 after 5, (2:1) 

Fix your body/ Paint your carl 
Expert auto bod y and fibe rgla ss 
repairs , Fac to ry and c ustom 
p a int i ng . Ownpd by 
students . .. w o rk d o n e by 
professionals , Specia l student 
rates, Corvette specialists . 1532 E 
treet , S.D. 234 -5343, Free es-

limates & People prices (3:1 

University Lutheran Church 
And 

Undergrad uate Student to he lp 
G .. duate Siudeni in resench 
r u ject. Two hours a week. 
· y-no money, but you get to 
I pa nd yo ur consciollsness. 

$1S0 Furn , 1 BR APT, PAC. BCH 
'II blk . bch, ht . pool, util s pd 4740 
Mission Blvd" 488-8388 (4 :1) 

No mo re dub fee s! 50 De par-
tur e\, a l so NY C. lapa n & 
Au stralia , Yo uth Fares, tOO, ince 
1959 ISTe, 323 N, Beverl y Or ., 
Bpverly Hi lls, Ca . 90210, (213) 
275-8180 (I) 

Worship Servi c s 
10 A.M . Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

Student Center 
Interim Pastors: 

H. Albrecht 
P. Gabriels and 

Nels Oas 

Nat ure of project-you lell me 
abuut yourself. Plenty of chance 

ad .. ncement for bOlh of us. 
: 8enjamin Urrulia, 1008 

dnities and Social Sciences 
(0 -2) Or nil: 453-2583 (2:1) 

my desk to l.A. - I' ll pay 
gas. Ca ll collect evt' 213-

Thanks. (2:1) 

Wanlt'd Desperately: Ride to 
U D Monday- Friday, 9-5 from 
Encinita,; C. II 75J-9044 (2:1) 
SERVIGS-

TYPIN G Pr o of - re ad R e po rt ~ , 
Te rm Pa p e rs, Th f'~is , SOc pa Rf' 
BH LYNC H 753-7156 (5 :1) 

THE PL[BIA N h., nlllVC'd- St ili 
tJ~l nK care o t your h,',,,) Iwe rts 

1'0 fe J turll'l( 1 urtlU""" Jn el 
~,I VCl lew e'lrv 834 KlI I ~ t 454 
1888- 11AM-61' t nlon-,at 

COMMUNITY lIVIN(., OCT. 14-
15, Seminar-encounter, 9:30 OI.m. 
Sat. to 4 p .m . Sun. To bring 
together people seeking illter-
natives to isol.ted living. Trained 
group leader. At beilutiful 
relreat of the Friendly Coopera. 
lion, S.D. Fee: $25. 282-3843 or 
278-5954. (1 : 1) 
Scene Shop: Tuesday 1:00-5:00, 
W ed ne sday 7 - 10:00 pm, 
ThursdilY 1 :00-5:00, Saturday 
9:00-12:00. The scene shop is in 
318 Matthews. (2:1) 
Costume Shop: TuesdilY 10:00-
12:00, Wednesday 7-10:00 pm, 
Thur day 10:00- 12:00. The 
cost urn" shop is in the UCSD 
Theatre, 203 Matthews Cilmpus 
(2:1) 
GRAPEVINE : A Sharing Project; 
will begin Wednesday Oct. 18 at 
4 : 00 in the FISHBOWL 
INfORMA TtON CENTER , 
Siudents interested in informa-
tion about the Bio. Dept.; mao 
jors, classes, and professors, and 
who would like to talk with up-
perclassmen, should attend this 
meeling. (2:1) 

UNOERGRADUA TE 
CAltFO R IA STATE 
SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE 
Many UCSD student s ar e 
recipienls of this .ward. We 
belie.e many more are eligible, 
but are unfamiliar with the re-
quirement s and i1pplication 
procedures. All Eligible Students 
Should Apply Immediately. 
QUALtftCA liONS: 
I . Composite erA and SAT Kore 
of at least 1800, (400 x GPA + 
Verbal SAT & Math SATJ. for 
example, if you have a 
cumulative CPA of 3,00 with a 
600 Verbal SAT + 600 Milth SAT· 
your composite score is 2400 (400 
I 3.00) + 600 + bOO. 
2. Financial need based on 
analysis of Parents' Confidential 
Statement must be 
demonstrilted by all 
Semifinalists. All students who 
are Semifinalists will be notified 
on or about January 12, 1973 and 
will be required to submit a 
Parents' Confidential Statement 
to the College Scholarship Ser-
vice (Specia lly marked copies 
will be provided each 
semifinalist by the Commission). 
APPLICATION PROCEDURES: 
1. Secure a Calif. Sute 
Scholarship Appliution from the 

financial Aids Of fie .. , Bldg. 213 
Matthews Cilmpus. 
2. Complete i1pptication and 
return to the finandal Aids Of-
fice no later than Nov.mber 6, 
1972. 
3, Your SAT scores must he sub-
min .. d to the C..litorniil Slate 
Schola"hip ", loan Commission 
by the ColI .. ge Entrance Exam 
Board. Request forms to hav .. 
this done are available in the 
Financial Aids Offi e (CEEB re-
quires a 52.00 fee tor this ser-
vire). The SAT scores must reach 
the California State Srholarship 
dnd LOdn Com ",is ion b y 
November 20, 1972. There Are 

o Exceptions To This Deadline. 
These awards are now worlh up 
to S('()() per yeilr. tudenls who 
qualify can thus r.duce their 
education debt . II is important 
thilt anyone eligible submit an 
application to th .. financial Aids 
Office b~fore Nove mber 6, 1972, 
for the 1973·74 acade mic year. 

IMPOR1ANT 
ANNO U NCEME N 1 10 All 
GRADUATE STUDENTS And all 
leaching-undergrdouales, tuto r< , 
etc . 
The mu ( h - h e r a lded AFT , 
American F.der a tion o f 
Teach e r; , will b(' hawing ih fi rs t 
or g anizalional m ee ting o n 
MONDAY 5:00 P.M . tN LOWER 
BLAKE LOU GE OCTOBER 16. 
Bring you"elv es, yo ur 
grievances, your fri e nds, This will 
be an ('>ciling and important 
meeting, (1 ,1) 

PRE-MED . Thpre a re a nu mbe r 
o f Interesting volu n tppr job su ll 
dvailable at th!' Ve tNans An-
minI s trat io n Ho s pital The se 

openln~; a re beln ~ held 
specoilcall y fo r pr e- m en 
students . Spcau s!' of the tralnong 
Involved, student vo lunl"pfs al e 
asked to donate a min imum of 
four h ours per week . Pre-meds 
In t erested In volunt eerong 
should conlact Mr. Le WIS Wills 0 1 
Tom Page in the Voluntary e r -
vices office at the V,A, Hospital 
(2' 1) 

A general info rmallon meetong 
tor all Interested premedICal and 
predental students will be held 
on T uesday, October 17 at 7 .30 
p.m" Room 2250, BUilding 20, 

MUll CdmpU\ (2 '1) 

Rr velle t.olle$!e Spnlors who 
have announced to ~ raduatP .t 
th(' end o f F,lll Q uarter, 1972 
plN sp chpck the Bulletin Board 
In front o f t hp Re v('lIe (ollpl\e-
Provo,, '1 OffICe to make sure 
th a t yo ur namc' " o n th e-
G rJduJllng Seniors l"t (2 1) 

Novpmber 1, 1972 1\ thl'neadlo nl" 
for ,,·~"tr J t i o n of on-Cd mpU\ 
o rganl7dtlon, In ord('l to util"I" 
ra mpus fa Ci lot lp, • • 11 group, mu" 
reg lI te r throu l\ h thl' Stunl' nt Ac-
II vltle, OffICI' Thl" p rocedure IS 
v('lY Simple see Mad" lon!' m 
Urey Hall Lo bby and she woI l give 
you the r gll t. atoo n form Be-ing 
• r l'~"t('l('d (Jmpu\ ",~.nlla· 
lIun (·",hlp, ~ rou ps to re,prve 
room" p rp,pn t spea kN\ ann 
101 m, r<'Clue''' funnl n~ tor 'fH'{ Idl 

pro~ ram', and prp,,,nt puhh"ty 
o n ca mru\, (2; 1) 

Have vou ru n In fO a rar l' Iplv l If 
you don' t want to waif unlll 
Sprong tor a t ra ffiC Iof(h l dt L.l jull" 

Vrlla~p Dr"e and thp V.A 
Hmplfal outipi road, " "tf" lro 
Klmnle Moorp, (',tv Mandgf'r, 
nIn th floor, C"y AdrnonO\lroltll,n 

BUlldln~, 201 C. 5"""f, ~an 
DlI'go, CJli fornla . (1 1) 

"rp llCdtlons a re no" he lng 
ta ken at thl' M Ull Provost O ffIC(, 
for those ~ t un ('n t \ onte rp\ted in 
par t icl p a l ln g tn th p M UII-
Dart mouth Ex cha nge fo r W inter 
Quart PI, 1973, Info rmat Ion 
r(' 'la rd lng the Exc hange ma, b(' 
ontained fro m the MUll Pro"mt 
Office and the d eadlin., fo r follng 
applica tIon, i, OClob~r 20, 1972 
(4 ;1) 

Ph o to A~~oc Or ~a n ll a llon 
Meellng, We d O ct. 18, 7 PM 2A 
2250 Membership , diSCU SS new 
darkroo m ne w f' qul pm e n t, 
mo ney (3'1) 

An y s t ude nt intere~ t er! In 
wo rkon )l wit h <;an DIe go City 
Gove rnment (credit (2' 1) b le 
rlease call ~teve Plnl!r~.. A2943 

Tht' Calofor nla Statt' Govprnm('nt 
o ffl'rs hac ~ t'lor 's d!'WPp (an -
d,at!' , Intl're'tln~ and rewardong 
career oppo rtunltle, In a va lip lY 
o f occ upat ,onat flplds Somp o f 
thl' lob\ that arp aval lahle In -
dud .. junlC) r Chpm rst. Econo mic 
An a ly " Tr a l~ ~p. Arp l led 

~ "p n( p~ Pr ol'l r dm m p r I , 
~t dll\ " ca l Mel hod\ AnaIY\ I , 
SO{ lal R('\('a rrh Tralnpe. dnd 
Soudl work IIOII.t", 

rhe fa tl' ~ (, III[(' Ent rdnrr' Fx· 
amlnJ t lon mak!'; It p",,,hl(' for 
(andlda t e~ to q ualify In on .. PI-
amona t lon to be Int prvlPwpd fo r 
a number o f d,fferpnt pOSitiOns. 
Thp fir st step IS th e (omplptlon 
of . n a ppli ratlon In which YOU 
ond,Cdt .. you . eduratlonal at-
la on mpn" dnd " lrr-ri,·nrt'. Th" 
' PfOna \,f>P I' cl wn tl pn tf'\t 
cov",ong analy"al "bol", dnn 

"'dr!ln~ c"mrrphpmlon Th .. l,nt 
~1f'P In Ihf' (,)((lmm.lt10n pro(p\I" 
l'llh(' Inlpr\l('w Thp antf'rvIPV\.f'r 
dl~( U""; with you your "nurd-
lIOn, work (:xpf'rlf'n(( rH·rt.onctl 
'1udloflCdtlon" dnd splf 
dpv(.lopmf-·nt It \OU qUltll~). yOU 
Will bp ralpd on a ("mr"III"f' 

hd'I~. Thp relllnK' \\1.11 ~I\.( vUU .t 
piMP on fhe I'mplovm.·' I II I 
from whi(h dPPOlnlmpnfS tHf.l 
mdd" flil!lblllty for "mplo"mpno 
I' \.dltd lor onp f"cH 

~onat fllon~ Ddt( 50 
Octon!'r 13, 1972-for 

r-overnbpr 11 1972 

Dpcemb('r 15, 1972 - lor 
Janua ry 13, 1973 

\o\arch 9, 1973 - for "prtl 7, 
1973 

~O \0\ A ~ " PPl Y ..... OW E\ E'" IF 
~ O Will "" OT \o\EET THE 
ED CATlO'>;Al 

REQ uI REME"ITS L. "I TIL TH E 
E"ID OF THE 19:'2-"3 CHOOL 
HAR Ap plrrallon; arl' avaIlable 
at Caret'r· Educa t lon Plann in g 
I' rvlces 6th floo r Bldg 20 , 

"1 uor Collpgt', 

advertisements for sale 

for ourselves 

lost and found 
Lost ' Whi te, carved pipe O('t, 2 
In Sor 1 A clas\ $S,OO reward for 
the f, nde l , call 75 -0997 (1 1) 
10ST- Tl IRQ UO t [ BRA HET 

~25 Reward , In H ·L ,H 1'\ Bid!; 
1I?, tIOOm Wron~ T "I No f:"pn 
hetore Cd ll 753-7115, (1 1) 
lOT one P,1II ,If 11,('r Wile 11m 
)l1.I'Sf'; o n g ra" npJI HL Iohrary 
PIN<" r<' turn to 111ton T,me" 
011 1« ' (l I) 

I Imt my blJck n.lnte ,,~ht, 
yelterday nl'M thp ~ym , If you 
happen to find th('m. I would 
r"alll aprrt'CldtP ,I' \t nll v, 451-
467q (1 1) 

t O~T mu ch f.ll1h ,n hu m.lIl 
goodn(" " he il\l' Dr "cho ll" 'dn 
nal, gret'n 10-'pe('r! Rall' l, h 
b, ).. " II pr(,Clo u, \ 1I t' . 453·416 ~ 
t l 1 ) 

FOR SALE 
GARAGE ALE O ct 14, IS TOY , 
CLOT HES, MI C. 9472 POOLE 
ST. l), (1 :11 
72 SCU BA TAN K " K" Valve , $45 
Lv, mess, for G , Lewbel , X2112. 
FOR ALE ' 69 BMW 1600 b · 
cellent conditio n-extras $1,800 
453-6709 (2 :1) 

YAMAHA FL u TE-key " C", dll 
nickel plate , e.cellent condi -
tion ; 5110; 753-8429 (2 1) 
Manual Typewri ters good cond, -
tIon ew ribbons , magI c 
ma rgins . Aft er 6 p ,m., Peter, 753-
2052 525. (1 :1) 
O XYA C ET YL ENE WE LD I G 
G EAR , BIG TA KS, CRAFTSMA 
IND U TRIAL £T , Complete 
$150. 755-4461 (2:1) 

1970 HO,~DA L-3,O, EXCLNT 
CO D. NO DI RT, EXT FRO T 
TI RE, BOO I-. RACK , MAKE 
OfFER, i S5-3949 (2 t) 
Rale l!lh 10- peed ~1~5 00 l' 
COND Ol vmp,a h pew lI lI'I 
Por t-Manua l $15 00 L,\." 'II',", 
459-181 4 (1 1) 
FO R I\l~ 1967 Ducatl motorcy· 
cle 1 ~0(, wllh nf'w nng' Jnd 
,.llvt' , V .. rv ~,, ()d dlHf chpd f 
trJn< rnrt .lIl o n ~200 (' o n I." 
Bud o r ,",('vln .1t 459-Q4"2 121 1 

for'dlp (,q fl\r ' p\ d t·r. LI\. (, 
n (' \\ I l o w m I h· oJ ~ ~. I II I H 
r('rf('( t 1400 or h i ,he', t " ff t' . 
~ee' Rill ,11 Argo 11,, 11 341 12 1) 

;;C ROPE. ISRAEL-EAST 
mICA 

Stud('nls flo~ht, I n~xpen .. ''t' 
qudrnl c 8mi>'n~ t o ur. 
I hrnu~h()ut Eu rope. RU"'<I. and 
Mt'x ico, Olloclal SOFA a~nt fo r 
IntE'r . Eurtlpean sludent chartE'r 
IIo!!h!>, Ineludonl( M iddlE' EII"I 
a nd Fa r Ea . I Sludent S)" 

I fJ lIr~ Euro pean used c ar 
pu rchaOE' ,v, tem 
CONTAct: ISCA. 11M •. ' n 
\ ·in .... nle Blvd ..• 4. L . ,Calo f 
9()()49 TEL: f2 11)R2fl .. '>669 or 

:!f)·09.1~ 

NOTICE 
Jobs Are Available . . . ! 
For FREE infom1ation 
on tudent assi tance and 
placement program end 
el f-addre-ssed STAMPED 

envelope to the National 
Placement Registry , IOO) 
En t Idaho t. , Kalispell , 
MT 59901 

Triton Tim s, Pag 11 , O Clob r 13, 1972 



Propositions 
continued from page 1 
provis ,on in Propmition 7 
which states that the ecretary 
of tate shall select presiden-
tial ca1didates to appear on 
the b,·lIot that "this is too 
important a matter to be left to 
th judgement of anyone per-
son," He states also that things 
such as the voter literacy re-
quirement are "ex tremely 
nece sa to the ri 

of all of us." Mention was 
made also of the fact that 
Proposition 7 would allow 
"transients and tourists" to 
"vote for additional taxes and 
bond indebtedness" although 
they aren't residents of the 
area , 

Advocates of the measure 
reply that this argument does 
not address the problem of 
ob olele and misleading 
language in the Con titution , 
They point Ollt also that the 
English literacy requ irement is 
impossible to enforce and has 
been held to be discriminatory 
against those who are literate 
111 a la r,guage such as panish 
but not able to meet English 
literacy requirement . 

Propo ition 8 would allow 
the Legislature, by a majority 
vote, to exempt from property 
taxation any facilities which 
contro l air, water, or noise 
pollution , Citle ,count ies, and 
districts would be reimbursed 
for any money which they lost 
through suc h a tax relief 
program. 

Th ose who favor the 
measure point out it is fa ir that 
factilli s which benefit the 
publiC and produce little or no 
r('venue for bu si ness should 
b(' cxpmp t from taxa t ion . 
California needs the measure, 
they say, to e r ase th e 
"competitive edg ... " which 
other states which have 
adopted Similar proposals 
have on Califo rnia . 

.. .. 

Tu Loophole 
Opponents of the proposi-

tion state Proposition 8 
represents a tax loophole 
which will benefit big business 
while claiming the intention of 
aiding pollution control. They 
point out the co<t to California 
taxpayers when funds are 
needed to reimburse local 
government. It is claimed also 
that big busine s an actually 
b nefit from pollution control, 
by forcing industry to use 
techniques which aid in 
productivity . The question is 
also raised whether a tax break 
for those who are pouring 
pollu :a nts in to our environ-
ment i d fensible. The claim 
is made that the wording of 

the propOSI tion would invite 
abuses and that the measure is 
a "giv away" for what is re-
quired by law anyway, 

Walt r W. Stierr, a California 
state senator , claims the 
pre ding arguments are not 
valid , He states, "The passage 
of Proposition 8 do s not 
redu anyone's taxes ," I t 
"merely permits future legisla-
tion to be pas~ed concernillg 
anti-pollution equipment." He 
says that the law will apply 
only to equipment which 
"clea n air and water or 
reduces noise to government 
Sf't standards." Thu things 
such as carpeting and air con-
ditioners cannot be so ex-
empted . By Greg Hick 

Libertarians. . . contin ued from page 4 
of gold (now puni hed about as everly as heroin) , On other 
current is ues, the party supports protection against pollu-
tion through class action suits and property rights in airspace 
and water, and consumer protection through strong laws 
agOJinst fraud and misrepresentation . It asks for repeal of 
compulsory busing, A solution to the population problem 
through an end to all programs which subsidize child-raising 
is also called for . 

rinall y, the essential foreign policy program involves aban-
donment of all conventional military action in other coun-
tne, and provision of nuclear defense and diplomatic 
recognition only for those countries which resp t the civil 
liberties of their people. It also incudes recognition of the 
ri ght to secede, when this does not involve violation of civil 
liberll('s-a right claimed by Biafra, Anguilla , Kurdistan, and 
Bangladesh, among other nations. A basic positi on is that " The 
Untted tates should abandon its attempts to act as policeman 
for the world .... " 

The Libertarian Party has severa l thousand members 
nationwide, including about 50 in San Diego County. I am not 

PARKING CITATION 

one of them-my registration is non-part isa n , and will stay 
that way-but I certainly hope to see them successful b yond 
their wildest dreams. The on ly other issue w here I see some 
positively righ t as bei ng done is the Marijuana Init iative; if not 
for these, I wou ld have no desire to vote this year, America 
with all its faults, has more economic, civil, persona l, and 
intellectual freedom than any other nation (for example 
almost every other nation on earth has had preven tiv~ 
detention for decades); it has saddened me to see it ~ two 
main parties falling respectively into religious/patriotic 
repression and into socialism , 

Another remedy for this, besides the Libertarian Party, is 
being supported by the League of Non-Voters, Led by 
eymour Leon of Rampart Coli ge, these people have been 

arguing that there should be some provision for people who 
find no candidate tolerable to express their disapproval 
instead of being smothered under catch-phrases about'th~ 
consent of the _governed' (sure ly on of th e most 
problematical expressions in any political theory) . Their 
pra tical recommendation is that every list of candidates for 
,lOy office shou ld have a space marked "none of the above is 
acceptable," and that if this space ever gets a plurality the 

lection should be followed either by leaving the office 
va ant or by a new election with new candidates, As an ex· 
pression of this view, the League has produced bumper 
stickers reading " Join the Voters ' Boycott" and " The LE' ser of 
Two Evils-is EviL" This measure would have clear benefits for 
minority groups of every kind, and for anyone alienated from 
party politics, by allowing opposition to a bad candidat(' 
without voting for one nearly as bad. 

I have no desire to give up on this country , I see it , still, as 
h'a ving more potential for being a good place to live-the 
kind of " laissez-faire but loving society" A . H, Maslow en-
visioned-than any but a very few others. But I can only st'e its 
politi ca l parties as elling out its innate strengths to buy a f w 
votes from short-term intf'rests, pressures, and prejudices. 
Wheth r we take the Left or Right road, both lead to 1984, dS 
far as I can judge. I don't know whether anyone who reads 
this will agree with me, but I hop those who do wi" at least 
think about the po sib ilities offered by these alterndtlv(' 
movem nts, Perhaps you might even write in John Hospers 
and Tonie Nathan this November. "Live and let live" is a 
rather good basis for a political ideology, 

.. 

~-C:::=::)I"a..&~ .. = =;)tHO 
,O~ [~ , , 

• • 

UCSD N(} 38783 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, S.D. 
PARKING SERVICES 

DATE 

iO- /~ - 7:2 
TIME 

7'A11 70 9.'PH 

[ 
[ 
[ 

] 

LICENSE NO . STATE MAKE YEAR MODEL 
VEHICLE 

e.4J-IF 7;;1. 

VIOLATION ~ eve SOMe o sOUPO D OTHER 
EXPLANATION ry P,s.-,eM IT 

OR METER NO. 
LOCATION 

AND 

I DECLARE UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY THAT THE FOREGOING IS TRUE AND CORRECT AND THAT A COpy OF THIS CITATION WAS ATIACHED TO THE 
ABOVE·DESCRIBED VEHICLE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SEC. 41103 OF THE VEHICLE CODE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 

BADGE NO. DIV , 
UCSD 

YOU ARE OTIFIED TO APPEAR BEFORE THE MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK IN THE CITY ADMINISTRATION 
BUILDING, RST FLOOR, 202 C STREET, SAN DIEGO, WITHIN 10 DAYS (HOURS 8 AM TO 5 PM CLOSED SATURDAYS, 
SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS) . ' 

YOU MAY POST BAil EITHER PERSONAll Y OR BY MAil IN LIEU Of APPEARANCE 
BAIL INCREASES IF NOT POSTED WITHIN 10 DAYS, 

FOR BAil INFORMATION SEE REVERSE SIDE. FAILURE TO APPEAR OR POST BAIL WILL RESULT IN LEGAL PRO· 
CEEDINGS AGAINST THE REGISTERED OWNER FOR VIOLATI ON OF THE ABOVE NAM ED SECTION IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTfON 41102 OF THE VEHICLE CODE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA , 

BEWABD 
VEEICLES DISPLA YING VALID UCSD PAB EING PE BMITS PABEED ACCOBDING TO TEE CAMPUS PABEING BEGtrLATIONS 

WILL BE BEW ABDED ••• 
BY NOT BECIEVING ONE OF TEE ABOVE CITATIONS. to O FC===-

C)tc ... 
-

Ie-=::;)aac=;)C"" 
Triton Times Page 12, Octob r 13,1972 


