
Volume J 6, Number 7 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, April 18, 1972 

Fourth College: the best-laid plans of mice and men. • • 
Carrie Rickey 

With Vice-Chancellor Paul Saltman's announcement about 
plans for a fourth campus at UCSD, many questions arose from 
students and faculty concerning the proposed curriculum and 
the shape of fourth college. 

No definite format thus far decided upon. the TRITON 
TIMES contacted faculty members and department heads 
from varied disciplines to learn faculty sentiments about an 
additional college. 

Avrum Stroll, chairman of the Philosophy Department would 
like "another look at the college system" at UCSD and feels 
that an evaluation of the success of the college system should 
be effected prior to planning yet another college. Stroll cites 
the "duplication of effort" as the primary disadvantage to the 
college system, and he would rather "let the departments 
fashion the programs instead of the college structure deciding 
academic courses and sequences." Dr. Stroll suggests that if. 
as planned. UCSD will reach a peak of 12.000-15.000 students. a 
residence-oriented college system be planned with "Third 
College to be maintained at all costs. " 

To. avoid the problem of splitting up departments over four 
colleges, Dr. Joseph Gusfield of the Sociology Department 
proposes that the University "hire faculty for the college and 
not for a specific department." Gusfield maintains a strong 
support for the college system, saying it "makes for much 
better variety of programs for faculty and students " 
Concerning Fourth College, Professor Gusfield would "like to 
see a college concerned with students rather than 
departments, and I'd like to see a group whose concerns are 
general rather than disciplinary ." 

"Obviously there's lots of social science and political science 
that we don't have here at UCSD." remarks Richard Attiyeh, 
chairman of the Economics Department. Dr. Attiyeh proposes 
that the lack of certain social sciences offered at UCSD be 
made up for by offering social sciences as part of the curricula 

at Fourth College. Regarding the college system, Attiyeh feels 
" there's a lot of overlap" and thinks that Fourth College. 
where it concerns economics, should have courses that 
broaden and strengthen existing courses and programs. 
Professor Attiyeh expresses optimism concerning the mutual 
benefits Fourth College and the Economics Department will 
produce for each other. 

"Personally I like the conege system: it's intimate, if you 
can call all these big concrete buildings intimate." says Carl 
Helstrom, chairman of Applied Physics and Information 
Science Department, who hopes that "Fourth College will 
take up where Third College left oU" and concentrate on the 
development of social science and environmental sciences. 
Helstrom hopes" the faculty would be brought into planning 
Fourth College and that the plans won 't be done in closed 
committees. " 

_ Dr. J . W. Miles of the Aerospace and Mechanical 
Engineering Sciences Department stresses the importance of 
the study of applied sciences at UCSD. He hypothesizes that 
the "glamor of biology has tended to detract students from the 
"study of applied science." He also has hopes for the graduate 
schools of law and architecture once the adequate under-
graduate programs can be offered at Fourth College. 

"The University of California at San Diego needs a great 
many things ... we 're just beginning to round out our 
programs ... fourth college need not be an answer ," remarks 
chairman Ramon Eduardo Ruiz of the History Department. 
Ruiz adds that the present intercampus separation of 
departments may be the source of many intra-departmental 
politica.l rivalries. but. "on the whole. the college system at 
UCSD IS good. The department of History. ,. says Ruiz. " is 
already interdisciplinary within itself ... we have humanists. 
economists and social scientists. We should have no problems 
fitting in an interdisciplinary program at fourth college. 
Although the History Department has not benefited by the 
~hysical separation between colleges. fourth college may 
prove to be a good program for the History Department. " 

"In our University there is no emphaSIS on coping with the 
shrinking world," claims Dr. David Jordan of the 
Anthropology Department. His desire is to see fourth college 
"devoted to study of international life. law. international law. 
economic problems and international political science." 
Jordan thinks the greatest availability of occupations now are 
in the fields of international relations. He stresses the 
importance of orienting a college that deals with the problems 
of the future. Professor Jordan supports the college system 
because it arranges things spatially. " but if an eye is kept on 
duplication between campuses. the system can be effective ... 
Dr. Jordan also hopes to see a school of law and an 
undergraduate school of commerce. including the disciplines 
of economics. political science and history within the 
framework of the fourth college format. . 

"It's strange that we can create a cottonpicking machine and 
wait three generations to study the social impact of it. " 
remarks Professor John Isaacs of Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. "The long term contribution and survival of a 
University , however. are independent upon the degre\! to which 
the University teaching and research develop, anticipate, and 
•• pport future directions of social. cultural. aesthetic and 
technological development and resultant needs ." A few years 
ago Isaacs submitted to then chancellor William McGill . plans 
for a "Leonardo da Vinci cluster" of colleges. 

Isaacs ' original idea consisted of plans for a college dealing 
with "applied environmental sciences." (" It wasn 't a cliche 
then. " adds Isaacs.) " Most important. " says Isaacs "with the 
fall of religion, and while we abandon our gods, is a school of 
ethics There is a set of rules of guidance of human behavior 
that can't be codified." Isaacs elaborated on his proposal. 
"Conceptual Points in Long Range Planning at CSD." and he 
thinks the following points should take the highest priority : 
(1) : The disciplinary research & teaching that explores 
fundamental truth with greatest breadth and the sharpest 

CODtiDued on Page 7 

ACLU Recruiting Volunteers Campus Mobilization Committee 
Editor's note : The following is the first in a 
series of articles about organizations involved 
in activities centered around the upcoming 
Republican National Convention. 

College students with time on their hands 
are being looked to as an important source of 
volunteers for the American Civil Liberties 
Union 's work this summer involving the 
Republican National Convention. The ACL 
ha announced a special convention project 
concerned with the various civil libertie 
aspects of the Republican gathering in San 
Diego. The ACLU i one of the many groups 
which ha expressed interest in the problems 
which may be as ociated with the Republican 

Part~' holding it convention in San Diego. 
Accordi ng to ACLU staff member Frank 
Phillips the organization has a relatively 
narrow interest in the convention. " We are 
only concerned with seeing that the 
con titutional rights of all groups and 
individuals are respected in San Diego this 
ummer. and in fact the whole vear round . The 

convention poses special problems so we have 
set up a special program." 

That pecial program is one of the large t 
project ever undertaken bv the San Diego 
Chapter of ACL . The local chapter wa 
founded 16 years ago and is one of several 
hundred chapter of the 52 ~'ear old national 
organiza tion . The local chapter has 
approxlmatelv 1200 of the more than 170.000 
member n·ationwide. Operating on a 
shoest ring budget. the San Diego Chapter IS 
governed bv a board of directors and relies 
heavi ly on iis volunteer legal panel to fulfill its 
lou ndi ng purpose of maintaining " throughout 
thl' United tates and It pos esslon ' . thc 
nghts of free speech . free pre ' . Iree 
<lSSl' lllblagc and other ('1\'11 nght~. and to take 
all ll'gltlllwte actIOn In lurtherance 01 such 

purpo~es .. 
tuden! Volunteers 

TIll' ACLl'. according to Phillips. has b en 
pl ,lnnlng Its convention civil liberties project 
SIO(,t' last Fall . The organization IS counting on 
large numbers 01 collelle student 
volunteering their time thl summer " We 
ha\(,' had one paid staff member In San Diego 
lor about Olne vears but have alwav relied 
heaVily on volunteer to get thing done. The 
AC'Ll' doe n't anticipate being able to hire an\' 
additional staff members other than mvseif 
lor the Summer and so the convention project 
Will also rel~' on \·olunteers." Phillips said. 

The. ACLU will be opmin, a downtown office 
the fir t part of June to coordinate the 

~rganization's acth·itifS. The billest need for 
~olunteers "'i11 be in staffin, the offict and in 

organizing a large observer corps. The 
observer corps will be specially trained 
persons who will observe demonstrations and 
note civil liberties violations for possible use 
in subsequent litigation by the ACLU. "We can 
only look to the experience of other ACLU 
affiliates in planning our program. That 
experience indicates we have a lot of work 
ahead of us. In Chicago the ACL had over 600 
observers which were trained in cooperation 
with the American Friend Service 
Committee." according to Phillips. A group of 
volunteers will begin recruiting thi s week on 
San Diego college cam;>use for tudents . and 
anyone else. interested in bing trained a an 
observer 

Legal Counsel 
In addition to organizing a large observer 

corp and having an office where people rna\' 
go for a sistance in civil liberties matters. the 
ACLU has also committed itself to offering 
legal counsel in cases of civil liberties 
abridgements . According to Phillip there are 
several areas which are of particular concern 
to the or~anization . " We want to do what we 
can to avoid the situation which occurred in 
Chicago. We have urged that government 
agencies adopt clear cut procedures in the 
i suance of permit for parades and that tho e 
procedures be widel~' publicized so people can 
make use of them." 

Additionall~' the ACL I concerned with the 
problem whIch mav ari I' at the time of 
demonstrations. Loc'al ACL offiCials will 
soon be meeting with ci t~· and count~· offiCia ls 
to urge rna s arr st procedures that are 
reasonable in the event that mass arrest 
b come necessar\, . "We have also been In 
conta(, t with group ' planning demon trallon 
and have made It known that our resour('cs are 
a \'allable lor cml IIberli s problems \\ I' Will 
cooperate on cml IIbertle problem~ with an~ 
j:!I'OUpS or Indl\'lduals thai \\ ant our as!>1 tance 
Our hope IS tha t an Diego can b a' showca 'e 
lor demonstrating that larg group. of people 
can congregate and dl'Sent Without Violence 
on the part of police or the d mon trator ' ." 

::\1 a n~' an Dlegans look to th upcom ing 
Republican Convention and the anllclpated 
demonstratIOn which will accompa'1~' the 
GOP conclave. with near horror. The\' 
remember Chicago in 1968 and Washington 
la t ~·ear . The ACLlJ i one of man~' group . 
tncluding law enforcement agencies and 
demon tration planners. whIch have indicated 
a desire to avoid a repeat of the violence such 
as occurred in Chicago and Washtngton. The 
.",eLl'. like other groups. will be anticipating 
the worst and hoping for the best during 
AUlUst 21-23. 

8i/l Moltz 
This Thur day at 7:30 p.m. on 

the eleventh·floor lounge of 
Tioga Hall in the Muir dorms. 
the Campus Mobilization 
Committee (CMC , will hold a 
meeting to discuss actlvitie 
currently being planned by 
people who will demonstrate 
during the Re publi can 
Convention this Augu t. 

The CMC is a new campus 
organization that sees " the 
nece it)' for people in the 

C D community to become 
involved in the planning of the 
conventIOn demon tration ." 
According to 'one member. 
"The convention this Augu t 
will have an effect on thi 
campu : it is imperative that 
UCSD people take an active 
interest in the San Diego 
Convention Coalition and other 
group who will be opposing the 
policies of the .. government 
lhi August. " 

The Campus MobilizatIOn 
Committee con I ts of people 
who are concerned about the 
policies bemg pursued by the 
V . . government at home and 
abroad : 

" In thl country the 
government engage in policle ' 
that benefit a few wealth\' 
p ople at the exp n e of the 
majority . hlcanos. black and 
oth I' non·whlt s ;). well a ' 
women receive th wor t jobs. 
the lowe t pay and are 
g nerally treated as unequal. 
In thl SOCIN\ The 'new 
economic pollc~ . being pur ued 
b\' th :\ Ixon Adn1lnl tl'aliOn I 
Il;tendcd to low I' the slandard 
of liVing 01 working people 0 
that corporal profH can 
continue to rI e. It I nece arv 
to oppo e the Republican thl 
Augu t and begin to bUIld a 
movement that WIll demand 

th~ drastIC SOCial changes that 
WIll make it po SIble for people 
in thl country to control theIr 
own lives. 

"The bombing of HaIphong 
on Saturday. Aprtl 15. should 
make it clear that the war is 

not over. La t Saturday B-52s 
led an air raid on Haiphong. the 
second largest cIty in the 
Democratic Republic of 
Vietnam , which was the largest 
U.S. air raid since 1968. Over 
the past few weeks, the . 
government has made It 
painfully clear that it is willing 
to use all the technological 
resource at Its dl posal m an 
effort to halt the late t 
offen ive by the Vietnamese 
agam t the .. and the Thieu 
regime. 

"Only a month ago. there 

were two carner off the coa t 
of VIetnam. Today there are 

IX . 8 -52s from the .. have 
been flown to ThaIland In an 
effort to beef up .. air 
power. 

" It I becoming increaSingly 
clear that tho e Amencan 
who think that the war lover 
have been deceIved by the false 
proml e made by Nixon 
during hi presldenllal 
campaign 10 1968 It I time for 
people who ar opposed to the 
war to expres theIr 
oppo ItlOn " 

Congratulations 99 % 
In a public opinion urvey conducted by Mike Palclc, Radica l 

Republican candidate for 80th As embly. the C D tudent 
community wa hown to have a 99 + % voter registratIOn. In 
the random urvey PaJclc que 1I0ned over 250 people and only 
found one " hippy" who IOdlcated that he would not regl ter by 
the midnight deadline "The l'C D tudent communlly I to be 
congratulated." Palclc commented 

Muir Elections May 3 and 4 
Elections lor the :\lulr Collegc Council Will be held on 

Wednesda\ . :\la\' 3 and Thur 'dav :\1a\ 4 thl~ vcar \ table will 
be set up at the :\lU1r Common~ from 9 d m until 4 p III lor 
voting 

Th \Iul r Colleg oun(,11 the poll('~ making body luI' :\lul r 
Co II egi.' I, made up 01 SIX studenh dnd Sl' l(tcuIt \' member: (j 
\\ell a th D an and the Pro\'ot 01 \lul College Therl' are 
thre po It lOn op n on th counCil ne:1 \ ear which are to b • 
filled by :\Iulr tudent · Two 01 the pOIIl!'n are to! two \par 
term whll the thIrd position IS for on ) ear term as counctl 
m mb r and A r pres ntatlve. 

Any ;\Iulr tudent lOt re ted I" ru::r.,";: fv. vi.t.. Jf t~. s· 
office should come to Jim Becklev ' offlc (Muir Dean 
office. 2D-2125 , and Ign up a a candIdate. Petltlon are not 
necessary for your name to be placed on th ballot The 
deadline for igning up I 5 p.m. on Wednesday. Apnl26 

If .vou have any questions call Jim Beckley at Xl~. 



Aspirant Support 
Youth coordinators from six area presidential campaigns 

have thrown their official support behind the effort to mobilize 
for L A.'s planned April 22 national antiwar demonstration. 

Joining with members of the Student Mobilization 
(SMC a campus· based antiwar group I, the six, including 
representatives from the Muskie, McGovern, Lindsay, 
McCarthy, Chisolm and Jenness camps, appeared at a March 
29 press conference. There, they gave formal endorsement of 
the spring action, and outlined a series of joint endeavors they 
hope will generate interest in the April 22 march, 

Most of these activities will center around local colleges and 
universities They include rallies , distribution of literature, and 
a teach-in on the war in Southeast Asia . 

Other projects discussed included presentation of a 
resolution signed by all present to the Los Angeles City 
Council, asking the latter to designate April 22 as Peace Action 
Day. An open letter from SMC national coordinator Fred 
Lovgren, urging student participation in the April 22 march, 
was also endorsed by campaign members, 

The conference heard statements of support for the action 
from each candldate's local office. Each stres ed the need for 
an immediate end to the war in Southeast Asia , with an 
additional plea for redirection of energies toward solving 
domestic problems . nanimous agreement was voiced on the 
Importance of the April 22 demonstratIOn as a means of 
achieving this end, 

New Foundations Magazine 
April 1972, marks the birth of New Foundations Magazine to 

the San Diego community, NEW FO NDATIONS MAGAZINE 
IS and does just what it says. it is the monthly news organ of the 
:'o:ew FoundatIons of San Diego , We feel that all segments of 
our black and brown community Will benefit from the 
emergence of a well - put · together, hard -hitting. high calIber 
magazIne, for and about black and brown people , 

After looking at other large black and brown commUnIties. It 
was obvious that San Diego lacked a monthly magazine that 
could take communIty issues and events. and treat them With 
deep and piercIng analysis . We needed a publication that could 
thoroughly investigate every aspect of the San Diego 
communIty, as well as provide an ID-depth peek at the rest of 
the state . country, and world , 

We are more than Interested In receiving your press 
releases. manu Crtpts. drawIng, and anything else you'd like 
to share , Ware et up to receive your work. sugge tlons. and 
CrItiCisms, 

Send all wrillen materials and drawmgs cl o Chn Holmes. 
New Foundations, Magazine, 3040 Impenal Ave" San Diego 
Ca 92102 We are anxious to hear from you , 

Exoectant Parents Classes 
The :\'ursIng and Hea lth Programs 01 the ~Jn Diego Red 

Cross Chapter has announced ;\1ay dasses for expectant 
parents. :\ew classes 11'111 begIn il1ay 1 from 7-10 pm A 
mornIng class Will be offered il1ay 2 from 9·12 noon . two 
additIonal evenIng classes are set to begIn Wednesday. May 3 
and Thursday , May 4 from 7·lOp m, 

All classes meet once a week for four consecutive weeks , 
The\' are held at 3650 Fifth Aenue , Classes are free and fathers 
are most welcome to attend, 

Your baby dese rves the best of care, Please call 291·2620 to 
regi ster 

Gay Curiostity 
Gay LiberatIon Front of San Diego meets every Tuesday 

el'('nIng Corne out and see what we can do togt:ther The Gay 
Inlormat IOn Center IS a phone InformatIon and counsellmg 
service which IS al'al lable from 4·10 pm Ca1l263·1411 

Clean Up 
Although onl~ one-thlld 01 the Amencan publIc are aware 

that they are "polluters." nrarl~' hall 01 them arc WillIng to 
"lIve mOl e Slll1pl~ " In order to improl e envlrdnmental quality . 
accord In! to tlgures released b~' the NatIonal W,ildlIfe 
Federation, 

While "9 pCI' cent of those questioned 10 a natIonal public 
opinIon I -oil rt'cently taken by the Gallup Organization said 
they would prefer to handle the pollution problem by "III' lOg 
more 51 'l~I( ' t Pg " USing less electricit~,. dril'lng less 
powerful cars, etc" .. 24 per cent wouhl \llefcr p"r'" the cost 
to clean I; up. and 12 per cent would like to do both . 

Thoma L, Kimball. executive \'ice president of the three -
mtllton member organization. said that the :\WF 

commis~ ioned the survey to see if the charge that " America 
cannot c .ean up the en\'ironment because the public won 't pay 
for it" lIas trut' , He added that public opinion is "obviously far 
ahead of large egments of government and indu try ." 

lit Department Video Tapes 
A program of student·made " video-taped mystery plays" 

Will be prt' entl"d by George Szanto and Jeffrey Weinstein , 
Entitled "The Happl' ~Iedium ," the program Will be shown 
Wednesday. April 19. at 4 p,m. in the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Exqu I Ite coffee and cookies II III ~ serl·ed. 

Page 2 Triton Times April 18, 1972 

Jewish Studies at UCSD-How Soon? 
Dove lucllbinder 

Last Thursday, Rabbi Samuel I. 
Penner spok .. to a number of Jewish 
students at UCSD concerning the 
possibility of starting a Jewish Studies 
program at UCSD. " A Jewish Studies 
program at UCSD is now almost a 
reality ," he said ... All that remains to 
be done for a department to be started , 
is that the students themselves show 
desire to have a such a program." 

Briefly, Penner outlined the history 
of Jewish Studies at UCSD. "From the 
time of the inception of the idea , there 
have been men on the staff sincerely 
interested in having a Jewish Studies 
department at UCSD. However, these 
men were far outnumbered the 
greatest resistance coming from 'self-
hating ' Jewish professors. ,. 

In the fall of 1970, though , a Hebraic 
Cultural Traditions sequence was 
offered to students , A hundred and 
twenty people attended the first 
classes. Shortly thereafter, according 

. ' 

to Penner, they began to request other 
classes in Judaic Studies. 

Two weeks ago, a Chancellor's 
committee on the subject decided to 
seriously plan a substantive Jewish 
Studies program at UCSD, Outside 
funds were acquired for a syllabus for 
a first-year Hebrew class. Israeli 
tapes, replacing the World War II 
vintage tapes now in use , would be 
acquired for the new class. Israeli 
tapes, replacing the World War II 
vintage tapes now in use , would be 
acquired for the new class. Classes in 
literature , philosophy and Judaic 
history are conceived in addition to the 
current Cultural Traditions sequence. 

"A Hebrew language program at 
UCSD extending through several 
different levels , now depends entirely 
upon student demand," Penner said. 
At present the Language Department 
requires a minimum of 60 interested 
students before it will hire a paid 
Hebrew instructor. 

" It must also be important to note." 

Penner continued, "that a Jewish 
Studies program will not be devised to 
be a religious program. but an ethnic-
cultural one. 

"The absence of a Jewish Studies 
Department is a problem of the 
University. not the Jews, It is a 
travesty to ignore a culture which has 
so profoundly affected the whole of 
Western civilization, " he said , 

"Fifty-five major universities in the 
United States have full Jewish Studies 
departments already, and many others 
have partial programs. An academic 
minor in Jewish Studies is presently 
offered at San Diego State College," 
Penner said. 

The Jewish Students Association of 
UCSD is planning on circulating 
petitions to the student body to "prove 
to the Chancellor and others that a 
Jewish Studies program is needed and 
wanted at UCSD, " according to 
members of the group. 

As Rabbi Penner remarked, "Now 
it's up to the students." 

Science iction Comes to UCSD 
Hannah Cohen 

A science fiction club was organized on campus this quarter. contain original short stories and poems by members of the 
President Peggy DeRose says the purpo e of the club is " to club, as well as editortals. reviews of books and movies in the 
Interest the publiC In a worthwhile politIcal endeavor. " 

The formation of the club came as a response to the interest 
found In the area by many student on campu ' The club 
electIons were attended bv about fort v students the III'st week 
of this quarter, They nOI\: have regularly scheduled meetings 
every Frtday at4 p,m, In lower Blake Hall, 

The club will publIsh a franzine periodically which will 

PIRG Official Meets 
With UCSD Students 

Steve Brault 
The drive to make UCSD the powerful the oranization can be 

first UC campus to instate a in matters of concern and how 
Nader-inspired Public Interest efficiently (monetarv-wlsel it 
Research Group on its is setup.'it will wish ilOtonlyto 
premises received a shot in the give a dollar per quarter to the 

cause. but to activelv 
participate in the work ~f 
establish in!! and running the 
organization, 

arm Friday when organizers 
'I1et with a PIRG official from 
D,C. Steve Atlas , from the 
national PIRG office in 
Washington . gave the 
interested students both u eful 
suggestions and 
encouragement in a meeting 
held in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge , 

The two subjects which 
dominated the conversation 
were II acquiring strong 
student support for the project : 
and 21 getting the plan 
approved by the Regents. Atlas 
emphasized the importance of 
getting the entire student body 
firmly behind the undertakinlZ. 
According to him the first step 
is to get a petition drive with a 
goal of 70 per cen t to lOOper 
cent support. This would 
involve a lot of educating about 
the PIRG system and goals , 
but he stressed that any ideal 
like PlRG which requires not 
only a monetary commitment. 
but one of citizen interest and 
involvement. cannot be 
effective without 
overwhelming. active backing, 
It is the feeling of the UCSD 
students workinlZ to establish 
PIRG that once the campus 
community is shown !low 

Atlas agreed with Leo 
Cashman . a UCSD grad 
student. that thiS campus may 
be an importa n t te t case for 
establishment of PIRG In the 
UC svstem , "ObviouslY. the 
Regents are not going to be an 
easy group to get past. but I 
wouldn 't rule it out. " said 
Atlas, The Regents have the 
final sav on anv student 
petition which invo'lves a fee 
increase, and even though 
PIRG fees would be refundable 
to any students not wishing to 
support the organization . it is 
believed that the Regents could 
veto the ·program. " It is 
evident that the Regents don't 
want the students involved in 
real social problems. ,. Steve 
stated. "They'd rather let them 
bicker about' the quality of food 
and the like ," Again he 
stressed the need for full 
backing of the project. saying. 
" If you COIl Id get a solid show 
of support from a majority of 
your students. faculty, and 
campus administrators . you'll 
be able to make a strong case 
for it to the Regents. They'lI 
have to take notice." 

area and a Ii tIng of their activities , 
The club is gOIng to establish their own lenping library of 

sCience fiction books and materials because the centrallibrarv 
does not even list science fiction in their catalog and contains a 
very meager collection of books in the area , 
Peggy DeRose also hopes to have access to sufficient funding 

In order to Invite famou science fiction authors to speak on 
campus , Specifically. she hopes to engage Poul Anderson, 
author of " Brain Wave " and "The High eru ade " to speak 
sometime this quarter. 

TUES.APR.25 7:30PM 

Tick .... ,00 Adv_ .•. 110 Dey of Show 
T1C~HS AVAILAll.l AT ; All $nt.ker I""., liII GI .. Dle', MetI', S'~r", CtIIl,II Ticket AI-Ie .. IIIo<t& At"" T~t Office, C.II 224-41,. let Iitt4t Inlorlllltlool 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Ashbrook disturbance 
Editor: 

Although I was unable to attend Mr. 
Ashbrook's appearance at UCSD last Friday, I 
watched the coverage on the late news that 
evening. I was quite disappointed to see a 
group of students in the audience causing a 
disturbance and disrupting the assembly, I 
Will address the remaining portion of this 
reaction to those who were engaged in this 
rude behavior. 

In our university environment, I was under 
the assumption that a person is due an amount 
of respect while speaking, and especially 
while speaking as a guest at UCSD. 
Regardless of political views, II confess that I 
am ignorant of Mr. Ashbrook's platform, and I 
doubt if I would vote for him anyway) , I 
assumed that any speaker is entitled to be 
beard, You apparently believe that you are 
qualified to decide whether a speaker is to be 
heard or not. Since Ashbrook 's views 
conflicted with yours, you thereby felt 
compelled to hinder the audience from 
forming an opinion of him. I find this type of 
thinking dangerous. 

I attended Peter Bohmer's appearance last 
quarter, and guess what? No disruptions. He 
obviously left UCSD with a more positive 
impression that Ashbrook , Regardless of your 
motives for disturbing Mr. Ashbrook and the 
audience, it was still juvenile and rude, I 
sincerely hope that next time you attend a 
guest speaker's appearance you will act like 
the adults you profess to be. 

David Faddis 
Left-wing antics 

Editor : 
As a witness of the activities of left wing 

radicals both in Britain and the U.S .. I have 
found left-wing thinkers to be , on the whole, 
politically conscious and intellectually aware. 
Yet, when confronted with a challenge to 
argue their case on an equal level with a right-
wing spokesman (as at the Ashbrook 
meeting I. they invariably shy away from the 
challenge, They try to disrupt meetings by 
making grotesque animal noises and by asking 
im becilic questions , The left bears a proud 
history of intellectualism and searching for 
truth . It has now degenerated to the point 
where the Right puts over arguments. while 
the left giggles at its own innate idiocy, 

The objective of the disruptive element at 
the Ashbrook meeting is hard to fathom , By 
drowning out the speaker's remarks. t.hey 
gave Ashbrook public sympathy. By failing to 
challenge his views in any coherent way. they 
appeared as a lunatic fringe whose opinions 
are worthless. By obstructing free speech. 

• they imposed the kind of subjective censorship 
that can do the right-wing cause nothing but 
good. Ashbrook 's speech could surely only 
appeal to the converted. It was the antics of 
the left-wing that would sway over the 
undecided , 

Ian S, Robertson 

Nixon and the cuckoos 
I am really sorry for the poor President. 

When he said that he wanted to "wind down" 
the Vietnamese War. he looked as if he rea II v 
meant it. and we believed him , But when the 
Pentagon told him that the generals wanted to 
bomb North Vietnam again. he had to agree 

• He " winds up" and "winds down" like a 
cuckoo clock! 

Vote for Nixon in '72? 
Not yours faithfullv . 

, G, Oscuro 

Attack and freedom 
Editor : 

The Soviet Union has recently begun a new 
series of arrests and purges. concentrating in 
the Ukraine. of dissident intellectuals, The 
purJ!es do not as yet consist of murders. but 
mainly of Siberian labor camps. forced 
starvation and the new gimmick of "mental 
hospitals ," Among the leading Soviet 

• inte llectua Is and artists who have teen 
subjected to this treatment are Vladimir 
Bukovskv. a writer. Ivan Dzvuba. a critic. a 

• Vyachesiav Chornovil. a journalist whose book 
• exposing the secret trials of 1965-66 has been 

published here by McGraw-HilI. In sum. the 
pur~es constitute the most severe subju!!ation 
SInce the Stalintst era , 

I have been contacted bl' a new J!roup. 
• Students In Defen e of Hum'an Rlj!hts In the 

Soviet UnIon. which has its headquarters in 
Arllnl!ton. Virl!inia. Their j!oal I to make 
their constItuency large enough so that 
Pre Ident :"ilxon, when he makes hiS trIP to 
Moscow In May. Will make a publIc cnllClsm 

• of the pur!!l's and attacks on freedom 
exerCised bl' the Sovlels. An\' C 0 tudents 

: or r ,-,uIty ,,-ho are 'ntereSl~ should contact 
m~ al 453-9057 

KevIn , Olson 
PO 6336 

Jolla Ca 920,17 
.•.. •....•..•..••••.••.•.. ~ ........... . 

r • 

majority can say that 71 % of your suite : 
indulges in narcotics on a periodic basis? (( : 
hope someone answers that one) 

Pushing dope 
I swore to God that I would never write 

another letter to the 'Trite-On ' Times (for 
personal reasons l. but I have recently been 
confronted by a phenomena that has not been 
met to my satisfaction with any moral criteria 
that I have happened to contact within my 
brief existence. 

I would like to see a journal. that at least 
attempts to represent all the people all the 
time. engage upon a discussion of campus 
activities which violate somebody or other's 
existing regulations. I do NOT really want to 
hear from Father Mort. and the two loudest 
discussion journals BOTH sound demented to 
me, 

What should be the place of an individual. 
who pushes drugs II make no distinction. 
because the interrelations appear homogenous 
to me l on campus? Recent comments by an 
athletic employer indicated that he wasn 't 
going to be concerned as long as the higher·ups 
weren 't stirred up, I don 't buy that : I don't 
think that apathy answers anythinj! . 

Opinion 

What should be the place of an individual 
who consumes alcohol (88% of us?) in flagrant 
violation of University statutes (or whatever 
the Administrators title their edicts with 1. 
state laws. and against whoever else puts 
moral sanctions against the actions? In a 
lesser light. what should be the place of those 
individuals (all of us? l. who play their phonos 
so that they can be heard miles away (during 
study hoursl? 

Where does this 'honest' and ' new' morality 
draw the line between a pusher (or user l and 
the person who is stupid enough to stick 
around and be threatened by the affected 
individual? Most 'mod ' people will insist that 
there is no line lanywhere? l. but I have 
harbored some strong doubts. 

After seeing a good person go up the wall on 
acid, A D then seeing everyone watch the 
'routine' until he recovered. I wonder why 
someone doesn 't do something to change the 
environment tha t caused the ac~ion . Perhaps 
someone did do something for· him (he was 
smart enough to move oull . but I am still 
here! After all. how many of you apathetic 

Judaic Studies: an obligation 
As a university . UCSD has failed to cultural anthropology. history, and 

fulfill one of its primary obligations. language. A department of Judaic 
Students at a university should have Studies at UCSD would further an 
the opportunity to investigate all understanding of the Jewish 
major branches of human knowledge. peoplehood and the role it has had in 
whether philosophical. literary, the development of modern 
scientific, or cultural. Yet UCSD gives civilization, 
its students no opportunity to study a Demand for such programs has been 
culture that has vastly influenced the nationwide . Fifty -five major 
development of human civilization. By universities in the country have 
not offering a university directed instituted Judaic Studies departments. 
course of study in Judaic culture, at both the graduate and the 
UCSD has compromised its aims and undergraduate levels. San Diego State 
failed its students, has its own department and now offers 

We propose that. in keeping with a minor in Judaic Studies. At UCSD. 
educa~ional responsibility. UCSD interest in a Judaic Studies program 
establIsh and fund a department of has already been demonstrated in two 
Juda!c Studies. headed by at least one non-university funded classes: a 
fuIl-tlme professor. W~ feel that the substantial number of people rapidly 
unIversity should conttnue to further registered for a beginning Hebrew 
its advancements in cultural studies, class last fall: and there has been a 
JUdaic Studies. like Black. Chicano, very positive response toward Hebraic 
and Chinese Studies, is a part of the Cultural Traditions at Muir. ITh 
ever-increasing I!~oup awarene s that majority of students in Hebraic CT are 
UCSD should contInue to augment. An non-Jewish. I 
establIshed department of Judaic The admtnistration at CSD has 
Studies would provide a means for the certatnly seen the large tudent 
Jews to study their own culture. an tnterest tn those classes where JudaiC 
opportunitv which i Inaccessible 10 tudle have been taught. Should a 
most UCSD Jews , Perhaps more departm nt of JudaiC Studies be 
Importantlv. JudaiC Stud IE'S woula e tabllshed . course in HebraiC 
serve the entire student communit\' It lit ratur . Hebrew lan~ual!e . and 
would broaden its understandtng of the JudaiC philosophy would be equally 
major Interplav among Jews. JudaiC well r celv d To atisfv student 
thou!!ht. and the histor~' of the world Interest. to further cultural awarl'ness. 

For the Jews arc a CivilIzation whose and to broad n the untversltv. CSD 
InnU nce I not onlv r 1Ij!IOUS, but has nothtn!! less than the respOnsibilIty 
political. economic. social. ntelleclUal. to e tablIsh the department of JudaiC 
and artl hc a well JudaiC Studies. Stud Ie, 
then . IS much broader than th ologl' It 
encompass!' phtlosopbv . lItera ture, 

" 

MII:hael Lanl!berJ( 
Michael Gold 

Am I paranoid? Perhaps, But sniffing the air : 
in my midst. definitely does prove to be an : 
unusually, unusual task lately, After one has: 
been physically threatened three times for 
such outrages as walking in a door or turning • 
on a light. or opening my mouth (which seems : 
rather namable l. it appears that tinges of • 
paranoid might evolve - especially when the 
air is fouler than usual ! 

Steven Griffin : 

Please note that NO direct reference has been 
made to any student. I would like to see 
opinions and discussions. NOT arrests. 

Counter productive 

• 
• 
• 

disruption : 
Editor: : 

Last Friday the UCSD community witnessed : 
another round of counter-productive : 
disruption, along with a briefly-shouted 
campaign speech by Rep. John Ashbrook , A • 
group of energetic protesters first registered • 
their dissent and displayed some humorous 
(some even poignant) placards , 
Unfortunately. they then proceeded to disrupt 
Mr, Ashbrook 's speech and the follOWIng 
student questions by inane chants, laughs and • 
one-liners. which probably succeeded in 
alienating almost everybody in the room, 

This exemplary group of protesters seemed 
proud to air their political awareness by 
hitting hard with questions such as "What 
underarm deodorant do you use?". or jeering 
"Really relevant !" to a question on • 
congressional reform. One valiantly quoted a • 
bomb damage figure from the CRAZY TIMES 
which unfortunately erred by a factor of 10 on 
the first calculation of finding the area of a 
circular crater. They did well manage. 
however. to give Mr. Ashbrook an opportunity 
to display his patience towards wayward kids 
(this activity having replaced kissang babies 
as a sure vote-getter l. 

Afterwards I was reassured by one of the 
hecklers that no one had been deprived of any 
right to free speech . he was Jewish. and had 
decided that Mr. Ashbrook was more fascist 
than Hitler, and should therefore be kept from • 
speaking. He was merely protecting the 
audience from themselves. Yet somehow I • 
don 't feel safe. just knowing such capable 
protectors are around. 

One of two things must be happening here. 
Either Kevin Olson , who should be • 
commended for being tenacious enough to • 
sponsor conservative debates and discussions. 
has turned to the Rent-a-Hippy agency to 
make his side look good ; or the militant Left 
on this campus Isn't gone - it's still in the 
process of beating itself to death , 

Fred Driscoll , ~rad . • 

Sic-sic-sic 
Editor : 

It has come to my recent attention that this • 
year. unlike other years, there has been 
absolutely no stuient unrest. Does this mean • 
that no one is getting enough sleep, or that as a • 
matter of fact everyone is getting enough 
sleep? T fear not. I fear , and I'm pleased as 
punch to say so, that this lack of unrest IS : 
caused by a malignant apathy on the part of : 
our superfluous student body. • 

Don 't let me mislead you, though , by making 
you think that this is going to be an inteIJectuaJ : 
letter: beca use it is not. It is merely the 
psychopathic malignments and euphoric. 
insights of a subdued and sublimated. 
individual. anomic (sic I and alip.nated as are 
most of the masses of our current industrial : 
capitalist (pre-or post- is left for you the : 
reader to decide I society, Now that we 've • 
decided the issue, let 's discu sit. 

The revolution cannot proceed without the 
support of the masses and of course the 
working class, In order to further this aim of 
solidarity and consciou ness a new group is : 
being formed , right here on the SCUD campus. 
to enhance the claims of uch enlightened • 
minds , 

This new group will be different from past 
revolutionary cadres because it Will work 
under a new premise. It believes that to • 
overthrow a current system. that svstem 's 
I'nds must be uttlIzed . -

We aim to do thiS b:: haVIng our members : 
become members of s~('h boards of directors 
a Gen ra I Motor , IT r and an Diego, the • 
United lale Cuvmll\t ,md oth r such tools of 
the oppres ·Ive class slrlcture of th~ decadent : 
Imperialist dog svst m <)f Am rica r SIC SIC, : 

IC and SIC - ed I • 
Of cour .. I, 

ends. but In the end It IS our hope that our 
members will come to control such board:, • 
That IS . 'W" aim to beat th capitalIst . .vslem 
bv plaYIng th ~dme that It knuw · best -
C PITALI. ~1. ,\nd of course. untted tog the • 
behInd the b<innrr of truth lust,,· '. peact', • 

ConliJl tel 01 P,.t ~ • 
. ...................................... . ...............................•.•.•..••.•......••••••••••.•.•.•. 

April1S, 1972 Trl10n Ttme~ Page 3 



SMOG 
The smol comes in on 
tiny nt's feet. 
Smoking. 
Choking. 
Settling down easy, 
Queezy. 
And I watch the sunrise 
and get a surprise: 
Smog burning out my 
eyes. 
Oh 
I think that I shall never 
see 
And that bothers me. 
!"Iiot to know the blue of 
sky. . 
Why? 
Twas the night before 
Christmas and all 
through the dung 
1\101 a creature was stir· 
ring, not even a lung. 

"I didn't do it" "Why 
blame me" 
Echoes of insanity. 
Listen my children and 
you shall hear 
About a plague that fell 
on L.A. one year 
Hardly a man was left to 
tell 
When the sky grew so 
heavy, and finally fell. 
And nobody cared 
Young boys grew 
And talked of days 
When the sky was blue. 
And the children look 
upward 
Breathed and then hack· 
ed 
And question their 
fathers: 
"The sky wasn't always 
black?" 

-Larry Deckel 

The "orks or Diane Polster. Sara Se.dander. and Don 
Betts lire cu rrently hein)! sho\\ n ilt the l 'CSD Art 
Cllller~' 

Page 4 Triton Times April 18, 1972 

" go 
.. 
0 
.,. 

~ 
;<' 
.. 

VI 
.. 

3 
0 

-'.~ 
.' 

a peac.eful 
0GWd lcMIhrt 

• 
v.. . ...,,_ 
v ......................... 

• 
ltI'I. TIll etiJ ....... 01 ......... 
witIItM perf-. 01 UIIe ... ADd 

• Ci) 1lay7._ 
C.) "., __ Ie _ ..,.,..1Il1t .. 

............. fIIII, I ......... 

ca doar wHIIDIt. -"IIi!IIlUIII-........... 
CI) '1.111 ... ,..I~ ",". 1M. ...., ....... 
~ .......... ....,. .. y .......... .,.... ... 0I~ ......... fermaIIJ ._.e.. .. .... 

......... All ., iii pnpIItJ .. 

= 
Slate. • ,. IN ordInd .., leave 
1mmediIt.el1! " 

<: 
"""'" . 

en 
~ ..... 
OJ 

~ Q) 
e 
as 
C.) 

rlude 
• 

• 

• 
..... 

= 

~ 
... 

C'D 
I 

~ 
= ~ 

Art and Music Weekend Celebration 
An art and music celebration has been 

proclaimed at the University of California, 
San Diego, Thursday through Sunday, April ~ 
23. 

Events include Ernst Krenek 's opera, 
"What Price Confidence," on Thursday night, 
Contemporary Opera Studio productions of 
"Christopher Sly" and "Socrates" on Friday 
and Saturday evening, a cIooble jazz concert 
featuring Bill Withen and Merry Clayton on 
Friday night, a UCSD Women's Art and Music 
Festival to run from Friday through Sunday. 
and the "Artzapoppin " , Art and Music 
Festival to be beld Sunday afternoon. 

A schedule of events follows : 

THURSDAY, AprU ZI 
8:30 p.m. A timely and non-traditional 

chamber opera, "What Price Confidence" by 
world-famous Viennese composer ERNST 
KRENEK . A drawing-room comedy about two 
couples who switch partners in search of 
confidence. Krenek will be on hand to discuss 
his work. Presented by the Western Opera 
Theater of San Francisco. To be held in the 
Recital Hall, Bldg. 409, Matthews campus. 
Free. 

FRIDAY, AprU 2t 
7 p.m. UCSD Women's Art and Music 

Festival, Music Gallery, Bldg. g . Matthews 
campus. A seven-course soup banquet and 
poetry reading will open the art ellhibit and 
festival Friday night. Gallery hours for the 
evening'are from 7-11 p.m. Free. 

8:30 p.m. Contemporary Opera Studio will 
present a double-bill program of "Socrates" 
by Erik Satie and the comic "Christopher Sly" 
by Dominick Argento in the UCSD Theatre. 
Bldg. 203, Matthews campus. Musical director 
for "Christopher Sly" is TOM NEE, conductor 
of the La Jolla Civic-University Orchestra and 
UCSD associate professor of music. Stage 
director for "Christopher Sly" is FLOYD 
GAFFNEY . UCSD acting associate professor 
of drama. Stage director for "Socrates" is 
MARY NEE : musical dilector is HOWARD 
WELLS. Performance to be repeated 
Saturday, April 22, at 8:30 p.m. Tickets: $2, 
general admission . 51 for students. 
Reservations may be made by calling the 
UCSD Music Department. Tickets also 
available at the door. 

9 p.m. A double jazz concert featuring BILL 
WITHERS. whose single . " Ain 't No 
Sunshine," sold a million copies, and MERRY 
CLAYTON. contributor to the recorded sound 
of the Rolling Stones. Joe Cocker and Leon 
Russell. Tickets are available from the Urey 
Hall Box Office, Revelle, and are $2.50 for 
UCSD students with \D, $4.25 for the general 
public prior to the concert and $5 at the door . 
To be held in the UCSD Gymnasium. 

SATURDAY, April Z% 
11 :00 a.m. UCSD Women 's Art and Music 

Festival - Art Exhibit, Music Gallery, 
Matthews campus. Works displayed by 15 
women artists. The gallery will be open until 3 
p.m., and is located in Bldg. g . Matthews. 
Free. 

8:30 p.m. Contemporary Opera Studio will 
present a double-bill program of "Socrates" 
by Erik Satie and " Christopher Sly" by 
Dominick Argento in the UCSD Theatre, Bldg. 
203, Matthews campus. Tickets are $2, general 
admission ; $1 for students. Reservations may 
be made by calling the UCSD Music 
Department. Tickets also available at the 
door. 

8:30 p.m. UCSD Women's Art and Music 
Festival - Music Concert - traditional, 
electronic, acoustic and mixed media. Music 
Gallery, Bldg. g, Matthews campus. Free. 

SUNDAY, AprU!3 
11 a .m. UCSD Women 's Art and Music 

Festival - Art Exhibit, Music Gallery. 
Matthews campus. Works displayed by 15 
women artists. The gallery will be open until 2 
p.m .. and is located in Bldg. g . Matthews. 
Free. 

12 noon "Artzapoppin'" Music and Art 
Festival. courtyard. Salk Institute for 
Biological Studies, La Jolla . Continuous music 
and entertainment amid saleable artwork and 
exhibits by over 30 local artists. A benefit for 
the La Jolla Civic-University Orchestra and 
Chorus. Music from traditional to modern and 
folk. Pottery, sculpture, weaving, painting, 
handmade dolls, wind-chime exhibits to name 
a few. Tickets: $2 for adults and $1 for 
students and children. Tickets available at tbe 
door . Open until 4 p.m. 

3:00 p.m. UCSD Women 's Art and Music 
Festival - "sonic meditations" with the 
Women's Ensemble. Organized by Pauline 
Oliveros. Music Gallery, Bldg. g , Matthews 
Campus. Free. 

S/C-S/C·S/C. .. 
CODlinued from Page 3 

love. chastity, apple pie and mother, our 
paradise on earth as it is in heaven will no 
longer be a dream. That is. you will no tonger 
have to drop dead or even die to become a 
recipient of the finer things of tife. 

This is our position, and il you don't like it. 
when we take over we have special places 
designated in the growing urban areas and 
unpolluted cities of southern Antarctica. 

All Power to the Poop Ie (sic) and so forth . 
For lasting peace in the here and now and 

a hearty right-on! 
Howard Gordon 

Ariel B)'bee ~\II Ippur In "\\hlt Price lCSD Thunday and Friday evenlnx April 
Confidence" In operl that ~ III .ho~ It Z8 and ZI. 

THE NEW WAY TO LEARN 

FRENCH 

SPANISH 
GERMAN' 

ENGLISH 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
1105 Prospect SI. 

La Jolla. Calli. 92037 
(714) 454-0805 

Importers • African Fabrics 
Curios, Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

-= _ •. SIT. It U. .1'" 

March 28th through April 30th 
An irreverent behind-the-scenes 
view of Shakespeare's Hamlet 

Info/r ... rntlOM: 23t· I2SS ell., DOOft 
' .0 . 101 2111 . s •• 0 1 ..... c.m. 12112 
Tue. WId. Thy •• Suo. . 5250 '5200 
Fri. SI1. • . .. . ... .. 53 00' 5250 
Sun. mil,... . . .. . S2 00 , $1 50 

Special student rc!!te: $1.50 c!!nytime except Sat. 
alb ~pS~Qtr( 

AS MOVIES 
friday night 

The Thomas Crown 
Affair 

usb 2722 7:30 & 10:30 SOc 
saturday night 

PIERROT LE FOU 
and 

FIREMAN'S BALL 
usb 2722 7 & 10:30 $1 

ADVANCE TICKETS AT UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

NICK THE FRE1\K and 
ALAOGLU THE GREEK 

fire r •• 'd_, ., •• to ..... '.r II •• 
.t tlte COFFEE 111fT! 

April 18, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



~ Top showing . 

Thinclads g!,~.~e to victor~ 
Volleyball strikes! 

Pot Stacy 

Th~ su~ny spring weekend found folks swarming all over the 
athletic . fl~ld , ~mnasium and swimming pool gettin ' active 
and gettln Into It. T:-vo excit!ng mixed doubles tourneys, one in 
volleyball and one In badminton, and the continuation of the 
playoffs in coed water polo and softball were all featured . 

If you happened to wander into the gym just about any time 
Sat~r~~y , you probably were treated to an outstanding 
exhlblli~n of volleybalL The tournament was wisely split into 
two dlvlslon~ -: the Calibers and the Turkeys - names which 

falrl~ well IDdlcated the kind of competition in each. Each 
diVIsion ran four or six-team round robins with the best scoring 
teams going to a single elimination finals . 

T~e two supe~·jocks, Jeff Gorrell and Elaine Simay, took the 
Caliber championship by overcoming Tim Rose and Debbie 
Vodhanel. ~im . had been consistently overpowering his 
opponents with hiS powerful , well·placed spikes. 

The sentimental favorites of the tourney had to be Bill 
Adams and Katy Blake, who were playing in the Calibers (and 
enjoying ~ve~y minute of it J despite the fact that Katy is a 
mere beglMlDg volleyball player. Biggest mismatch of the 
tournament was Dick Reitherman towering over his partner 
Jackie by about a foot and a half. 

Randy Twombly. and Annie Higgins overcame a weak early 
performance to WID the Turkeys by beating Chris and Ted in 
the finals . The "Turkeyist" award goes to Bob and Roxie who 
crUised through the round robin in fine style only to choke in 
the finals . 

Sunday was the mixed doubles badminton tourney. It found 
Jim Sheffield straYing too far from his home on the softball 
diamond - the result was that he dragged his bewildered 
partner Earlene down to defeat after deft'at. 

Nevertheless, Earlene was able to watch her roomie 
Nathalie Shirakl team with Kakala Gopal Krishnan - also 
known as Gopi - also known as Superman - to win the 
championship. To do so, they had to overcome a fine 

p.e~formance by Hsing Cheng Chen and Marianna Chen. who 
finished second . Nath and Gopi now go on to represent us at the 
All-Cal Tournament May 12-13 at Santa Barbara. 

On the wet and wild side. coed water polo continues to be a 
waterlogged success. John Knapp's BULL GOOSE LOO IES 
look to be as tough a team as any around. Meanwhile. water 
polo. assistant coach. Gary Becker. has assembled two fine 
outfits - the GRUNDGY GRCNIONS I & II . Also. creeping out 
of the sewers and Into the pool are Carl Strand's WATER 
SNOIDS. a team that could take It nil. DICKIE'S FAGGOTS 
have gotten so eXCited about playmg coed walt!1 polo that they 

sho~ up even when they're not scheduled to play. Hopefully 
they 11 show for regularly scheduled game times also. 

TRIVIA DEPT . ... The gym will be open Tuesday nights for 
volleyball . . The 6 person coed volleyball tournament will be 
held Sunday . May 7. rather than the preceding Saturday. May 
6. 

L __ 
High Tide 

Sunrise 5:31 

Apr . 19. Wed. 

Sunrise 5.25 
Apr. 20. Thurs. 
Apr. 2\. Fri . 
Apr . 22. Sat. 
Apr. 23. Sun. 
Apr. 24. Mon. 
Apr. 25. Tues. 

Low Tide 
Sunet6:29 

AM HI. PM Ht. AM Ht. PM HI. 
12 :52 5.3 4:00 3.68:45 0.4 8:22 2.8 

Sunset 6:33 
2: 19 4.8 5:09 4.0 9:56 0.2 10: 10 2.5 
3:48 4.6 5:46 4.5 \0:55 0.1 11 :27 1.9 
5:04 4.56 :24 4.9 1\ :430.0 
6:06 4.5 6:49 5.2 12: 19 1.3 12 :22 0.2 
6:54 4.57: 14 5.5 1:01 0.7 12:55 0.4 
7:39 4.4 7:39 5.7 1:36 0.3 1:24 0.7 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THI OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETRY 

ATTHE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS AR ENA BLVD. A'follfromSporl l Areno 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED • 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED . REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon -Frt 11 AM, - 8 P.M.; Sot. 10 A M. 6 PM. 

224 ·2973 224·2974 

Page 6 Triton T!mes April 18, 1972 

After months of work, sweat, toil , heartbreak. sadness and 
effort, its happy time in Mudville. The Triton track team won a 
meet. Yes, that 's right, they did it and did it in style. Saturday, 
due to their home track advantage, they downed Pasadena and 
La Verne in tri·meet competition 68·57-26. 

Tom Philip led the way for the Tritons, winning four events. 
Tom scored victories in the 120 high hurdles, the 22(}..yard dash , 

t~e l~yard dash and , as if all this wasn't enough, he took a 
first In pole vaUlting . Tom has been conSistently performing at 
thiS pace dll year and has scored many of the Triton points. 

Other Tritons also contributed to the winning efforts of the 
team. Bob Holzinger, converting from cross country, won the 
880 and Long won the 44(}.yard dash for two more firsts. 

Impressive perf?rmances were also turned in by both relay 
teams . Both took first places and the mile relay team turned in 
one of their best performances of the season. The mile relay 
team of N~wel1, Long, Robmson, and Holzinger cruised to 
VIctOry as did the 44(}..relay team of once again Newell , Meyers, 
Koch and Philip (who was running in his fifth event ). 

Girls win tourney~ 
Lower voted MVP 

The CSD girls' basketball team stunned the college sports 
world last weekend by winning three straight games to walk 
away with all the hardware at the Cal Western Tournament. 

The girls put together a combination of team work 
determination and poise to out class and out shoot thei; 
opponents on every occasion. This appears an even more 
awesome feat when one considers that the opposing teams 
were not only hot college teams but some teams such as 
FLASH (which UCSD downed ). were municip~l teams 
consisting of local girls' P.E. instructors (ages 23-35) from San 
Diego schools. 

The girls were led by tournament MVP Judy Lower and by 
Hillary Chittick who was on the All Tournament team. They 
were excellently supported by. well. by everyone. as everyone 
who played contributed in the scoring column. 

Accordin'g to Coach Carter . "This was the best the girls have 
played all year. They really put it all together . I think right now 
you'd have to consider us the team to beat". 

The Triton chicks showed what led coach Carter to Nirvana 
on Saturday when they played and won their two toughest 
games . Their next game is Friday in the UCSD gym at 3 p.m. 
agamst Grossmont. 

Sports calendar 
Tuesday 
Baseball : 3 p.m. at UCSD 
against those avancious 
Anteaters.lrom UC Irvine. 
Wednesday 

of the day pits the Tritons 
against Southern California 
College starting at 2:30 p.m. 
Crew: The All Cal meet starts 
at 9 p.m. somewhere else. 
Baseball : The baseball team 
laces the fireballers from Cal 
Luthe an at Cal Lutheran 
slarting at noon. 

UCSD was also scoring as a whole bunch of fine stars came 
in second. Bill Tong copped a second in the triple jump with a 
leap of 44 '4" . Struthers actually tied for first in the high jump. 
but was placed second as he had more misses than his 
opponent. Mark Robertson, constantly improving added eight 
inches to his best throw in the shot put to put the put 43'S" and 
take a second. Robinson took a second in the javelin event with 
a throw of 156 feet. Ed Avol and Campbell and Deleonardis 
also took seconds. Avol in the mile, Campbell in the 440 
intermediate hurdles and DeLeonardis, preferring to stick to 
longer more relaxed events, ran the 3 mile event. 

Coach Skief was pleased with the team's willingness to 
perform and their morale. They were willing to help out 
wherever they could and run any event just to pick up a point or 
at least try to pick up a point. The team finally showed up 
somewhere near their full strength and this also helped. 

The next meet is this Saturday at UC Irvine. Here. they will 
be runnmg on the artificial Tartan surface and Coach Skief is 
hoping for a good showing. 

Crew team gathers 
needed experience 
The words "crew team" 

conjure many things in the 
mind. few which are wrong. 
"Just what is a crew team?". 
wonder many people at UCSD. 
Well. like a football or rugby 
team they no doubt play crew. 

Now. how and with what is 
this sport called crew played? 
If you've seen T.V. you 'll 
probably think of 1890 and 
Pabst Blue Ribbon beer. Close. 
very close but its Coors and 
1972. 

Anyway. it all slarted when 
some caveman had a long stick 
lor club) and hit the water 
trying for a duck instead. He 
soon discovered that this was 
really exciting but it had one 
drawback. hitting the same 
water all the time was boring. 
Since there were no power 
boats back then to move him 
around. the eight and four man 
rowing shells I boats ) were 
invented. Every morning at 
5: 15 a.m. the modern day 
result can be seen : sixteen 
UCSD students out thrashing 
water. or ducks. on Mission 
Bay. 

The Tritons hosted UCLA 
this past Friday. 

The UCLA Bruins rowing 
team is good. very good and 
the v won the varsit Ii hI 

weight eight race by 20 
seconds. 

With that race as history. the 
Tritons ventured up to Santa 
Barbara on Saturday where the 
same men rowed against the 
Gaucho varsity and lost again 
by 10 seconds. Next on the 
schedule was the junior varsity 
race. Because of absences, 
two people who had just 
finished rowing in the Varsity 
shell went right back out in t~ 
J .V. boat. The junior varsity 
rowed a solid race. but UCSB 
came in 3 seconds ahead . 

The next event was the all· 
freshman boats. It just so 
happened that the four rowers 
who make up the Frosh 4 also 
make up half of the varsity 
eight. There is no weight limit 
in J . V. or Freshman 
competition, but since the 
Frosh row on varsity. they 
average 155 Ibs.. while the 
Gauchos averaged 175 lbs. The 
UCSB Gauchos crossed the 
finish line 1.5 seconds ahead of 
a sprinting UCSD boat. 

Rowing is ranked as the most 
exhausting sport. anywhere. 
anytime. Some of the Triton 
rowers raced in three events in 
two days and raced well. Not 
bad not bad at all . 

Volleyball : The Tritons 
venture into dowctown San 
Diego for the San Diego 
Tourney slarting at 6 p. m. 
Soccer : The hooters face the 
Marines at Pendleton at 3: 30 
p.m. 
Thursday 
Women 's tennis : In a home 
match. the women 's tennis 
team faces Mesa starting at 
3:30p,m. 

UCSD Campus Programming Board 
and 

Friday 
Women 's Tennis: The team 
returns to UCSD for a match 
with Grossmont. this time at 3 
p.m. 
Golf : The opponent is cross 
town rival USD and the 
starting. time is 12 :30 p.m. 
Saturday 
Track: The meet is at UC 
Irvine starting at I p.m. 
Tennis : The only hom!' match 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 

Rainbow Soul Productions 
Present 

BILL WITHERS 
and 

MERRY CLAYTON 
Friday, April 21 UCSD Students with I.D. 

(one ticket per I.D.) $2.50 U(SD Gym This price gllaranlees only for 1 st 1,000 tickets, 50 
buy early! 9 · 0 0 p m General Admission (presale) $4.25 

• e. General Admission (door sale) $5.00 
FREE Gift Certificates 
Tickets available. Urey Hall 
Monday through Friday 

Two tuition amendments 
(onfront legislature 

On Tuesday, April 11 . the Assembly Education Committee 
will hear arguments on Assembly Constitutional Amendments 
18 and 56, the two major tuition bills of the 1972 legislative 
session. These two bills. while dealing with the same subject. 
are hardly similar in content - for one, if passed. would totally 
abolish any form of tuition (including UC's. "Educational 
Fee" ). The other would allow the legislature to set tue fee 
schedule at UC. depriving the Regents of the autonomy which 
they have enjoyed in this area for the past 100 years. 

mice and men. . . would enable students to do jacket." remarks the literature 
CHUBed frem Pllt I something in depth - learning professor. 

by doing an<l not be Sa ville hopes to efface the 
penetration: (2) : Research & listening. The lecture system present anonymity problems by 
teaching that has as its . tit t f It " instituting con slant counseling 
obJ' ective, the coalitions of IS. 0 a arge ex en. acu y. 

adds Saville. He also wants. in discussions with the students at 
truly integrated disciplinary the grading hierarchy at fourth fourth college to make certain 
thought. and of that as it lIlt of a close contact between 
relates to humanity and its co ege, a tota pass-no pass 
. .. d (3 th tar ran gem e n t W her e student and professor. As for 
InstitutIOns ; an : a evaluations of the students the evaluation of programs at 
teaching that explores and f 0 S ' 
expk>its the full development of progress would substitute for ourth college. r. avllie 
intellectuality ... that is the the present grading system. wan t sap p r a i s a I and 
teaching that attempts to "The grading system puts evaluations by each student 
develop conceptualization. ,..e_v_er_y_O_ne_i_n _t_h_e _sa_m_e_st_ra_i_t-__ a_t _r_eg_i_st_ra_t_io_n_ti_m_e_. _"_' _d_o...,n't 

believe in student councils as 
representative !Jf student 
opinion:' says Saville. 

The' architecture of Fourth 
College. Professor Saville 
hopes. will be based on a 
thorough st ud y of the 
Psychology of Learning . 
Saville hopes to avoid making 
classrooms based on the 
lecture sv tern . 

"Fourth College should have 
a distinct idenlitv. " IDsists 
Saville. " it can't ar'ford to be a 
bland compromise between all 
attitudes of the faculty ." 

The anti-tuition amendment. ACA 56, IS sponsored by 
Assemblyman Ken Meade. a freshman legislator from the UC 
Berkeley area. Meade. a liberal Democrat, has long been 
interested in the question of tuition. as well as in related areas 
of student concern. Last year he carried major legislation 
dealing with support of the UC Educational Opportunity 
Program. 

intuition . judgment . 
eclecticism. critical attention 
and questioning in addition to 
the present concentration on 
teaching through and 
development of memory and 
reason ... 

Best way to get a good tan by V. Robert Allen. M.D. 

The second tuition amendment. ACA 18, was introduced by 
Assemblyman John Collier as part of his annual attempt . to 
levy tuition on students at the state colleges and the UDlverslt~ 
of California. Known as the ·'Learn. Earn. and Reimburse 
plan. the Collier package. if passed . could result in tuition 
increases of up to $300 per year at UC. A B 135. the other half of 
the package will also be heard on April 11 . 

As in past years. observers in the Capitol give the Collier 
plan little chance of ~chievin~ leg~slative approv~l. C~rr~nt 
worries about the ability of Call forma to continue f1nanclDg ItS 
Insti tutions of higher education at an acceptable level. 
however. could result in more favorable response by the 
committee. 

Spokesmen for the UC Student Lobby. principal advocates in 
the drive to secure passage of Meade's anti·tuition amendment. 
Indicate they will oppose ACA 18. which would allow the 
Legislature to impose UC tuitIOn . but may attempt to amend 
the Collier "Learn. Earn. and Reimburse" plan. This 
amendment, which would drastically alter the entire concept. 
would require repayment from one 's estate after death (if that 
estate had sufficient monies ). The new plan. dubbed" Learn. 
Earn , and Die." would remove the major student objection to 
the Collier DIan : bv increasing tuition . and the amount of loan 
repayment after graduation. low-income students are 
successfully discouraged from pursuing higher education. In 
addit ion. graduates are encouraged to seek high-paying jobs in 
order to rid themselves of the debt as soon as possible. Thus 
newly-graduated doctors choose lucrative suburban practices 
over ghetto clinics. teachers choose Beverly Hills over Watts. 
etc . 

"Learn . Earn. and Die" would remove the cause behind thiS 
trend ." for repayment would be required only after death -
and onlv in the event that the graduate 's estate had sufficient 
funds with which to repav the debt . . 

Copies of bills attached - call for more info. 

IMPORTED fOO05- WINES A"", (HAIo'PAGNE5 
lHE HOME Of l HE AR1ICHOKE FRllAT;A 

'I drkrt ,II" Od i, dl,· .. ,· '1 
(.all'ril1~- all'l/r pdrt ir' 

Food In I!fI 
;S:l:J ~iral'(l \\l'. LaJulla. Calif. ~.j9·.j lYI 
JQQaaaaaaaQaQQaQaaalQaaQaaaQaaaaaQaaaQQQaa~ 

The most concrete plan for 
fourth college has been 
submitted to Chancellor 
McElroy and Vice·Chancellor 
Sallman by Dr. Jonathan 
Saville of the Literature 
Departmen t. 

Saville ha s divided the 
format of his proposal into 
three major categories : 
teaching. methods and humane 
attitudes toward students. 

In the .. teaching" category. 
Dr. Saville wants to emphasize 
interdisciplinary courses. 
" provided they are truly 
interdisciplinary and not 
conglomera tions of indepen-
dent disciplines." The courses 
would include. Hi spaniC 
studies. Chinese studies. 
Russian studies. Historv of 
Literature. Sociology or' Art 
and environmental studies. 
Philosoph y of sci ence . 
educational theOries and 
Comparative religions. 

The pedagogical innova tions 
that Dr. Saville postulates for 
his "method .. category would 
be the core courses for the 
colleges being taught in five· 
week modul es. " where 
students would studv onlv that 
course. so intellectual energy 
would not be expanded. This 

LA JOLLA 
.-& 

PHARMACY 
Scbool Supplies 

Cosmetics i 
955 Prospect 

Sun tanning is the darkening 
of our normal skin pigment and 
the production of extra 
pigment by your skin in 
reaction to sunlight . But the 
sun's rays tan and burn you at 
the same time and the tanning 
process is slower than the 
burning process. 

Red burn does not convert to 
tan : it just fades out after a 
while and allows any tan you 
have simultaneously acquired 
to how. So there is no 
advantage to getting burned. In 
fact. if you burn badly enough. 
your skin will blister and peel 
- and you'll lose any tan 
you 've built up. 

The secret of getting a good 
tan IS to minimize the burn a 
you soak up the sun. ThiS IS 
done best by taking the sun in 
small doses at first. You should 
start out by applYing a good 
sun-screening lotion or cream 
and limiting your first 
exposure to a maximum of an 
hour on each side (Ie If you 
know from expenence that you 

i.,s a. 
.he brODd\\'n~' 

CINEMEDIA III 

Film Competition 
SHOOT IT! 

CAN IT! 
SEND IT! 

1 st Prize - $1 ,000 
En·ry forrn~ a" y:>ur ne~re~~ 
Broadway s·ort. SubmlssioM 
Deed!'n. - June 15 1972 . 
W;nn;ng Iii"" w:1I be ,"own n 
Aug .. Sop· . e' The Bra.dwey 
F;lm Fe"IV,1 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

FLIGHT UPDATE 
FlT. DEPART TO RETURN FROM DAYS PRICE 

CARRIER 

AFRICA 4 Oakland June 161lag05 July 24 Lagos 29 $363 .00 Universal 

EUROP~ I I Brussels 5203.00 Universal 8 Oakland Mar . 26 :london June 18 85 
9 Oakland June 18 london July 22 Brussels 35 5253 .00 SOLD OUT Universal 

10 Oakland June 1 Y Hambur Geneva 62 5265.50 SOLD OUT Universa l 

11 Oakland June 21 Brussels One Way 5 I 58.00 
Universal 

12 Oakland June 24 london Sept. 10 London 79 5'203 .00 
Universal 

13 Oakland June 25 London Sept. 17 Brussels 87 $263 .00 Universal 

1 14 Oakland July 2 Brussels July 30 Brussels 29 5238.00 
Universal 

15 Oakland Zurich 22 5265 .00 Universal 

10 Oaklon 43 
Universal 

17 1 
Universal 

11 $108 .00 
Univer$CI1 

JAPAN 71 $299 ,00 
Pan Am 

21 S .F. 
22 S .•. 22 $299.00 

Pan Am 

23 S .•. 33 $299.00 
Pan Am 

S .•. 29 5299.00 
an m 

1 24 
P';"I quot.d includ •• nt;re S 10.00 odm;n,,'ro'iytle. and "Ll to,e.leVied on depo,tu, .. to dote INo •. '711 ALL Ihgtlll 0'. operated on e,ther DC ·8, Boeing 707, 
or 747 Jet equipmenl. 
P""I are ba .. d on Ihe pro rola .hore 01 the totolll'Qht call and on 100". occupancy, and or •• ubiect 10 Incroo .. ,n accordance w,Ih Ih. f,nol number 01 
portic:ip0nb . 
IUGIIaITY: Students, laculty and stoll 01 lho Un, .. "ity 01 Colilomio IOU tompuoe.) and ,mmedoole lomlly ",embe .. , ".t"cted to 1pOU", par~"tI and dof; ...... chiId_ il tIIey Ii .. ill ........... hovtehold o. ,he fttiblt po-ve<· "ha elivoble are member! 01 lhe U C "Iumn, ""OC'OIOO" and 

IaonMn ' ... ni ..... m membenhip 6 manti" prior 10 "'Qhl dote lor Alumni ",_,ohan memben) 
NO MlMIlISH. FEI5 01 ADDED COSTS TO FOOL YOU - RB. Y ON US FOR HONESTY I 

APPLY FOR RESERVA liONS TODAY 
UCSD EDNA Information Ceftl.r U... Holl LoItby T,I hon.: 453·EDNA 

tend to burn very easily). Don 't 
stay out in the sun until you get 
red - that's a sign of 
overeKposure . You can 
increase the length of time you 
spend out in the sun on 
subsequent days. but don 't 
forget to keep uSing your 
sunscreen protection. 

No product eXists that will 
allow you to get a real tan from 
the sun in one day. and . In spite 
of claims, no product is known 
which screens oul all of the 
burning rays and lets through 
only tanning rays. Nowadays. 
however. there are much more 
effective sunscreen 
preparations than old-
fashioned baby Oils. cocoa 
butler. v megar. or lOd ine 
210C oxide IS a thick. white 
cream which Will protect 
prominent parl of the body 
which tend to burn faster. such 
as the nose. lips. ears . 
kneecaps. or the topS of the 
feet. nfortunately. though. 
zinc oxide show on the skin 
and IS mess\' to u e. Most other 
good sunsc'reen products are 
falrlyexpen Ive. 

Tmon Sunscreen . cream or 
lotIOn. IS now available at the 
Student Health Center 
pharmacy. It contains a highly 
efficient sunscreen agent in a 
pleasant. inviSible base and It 
IS inexpenSive. It should be 

applied to the dry skin. Wipe or 
wash off any that IS left over on 
the palms. Let It dry before 
putting on clothes . For 
maximum protection. try to 
apply it an hour or so before 
going out 10 the sun and reapply 
after sWimming. Avoid contact 
with light colored clothing or 
upholstery. as slamlng could 
result. 

If you forget to protect 
yourself adequately and do go 
out and get burned. you can 
make yourself more 
comfortable by applying 
com pre se of cold milk or by 
taking baths 10 cornstarch and 
water Wear cool. loose 
clothing [f you are burned 
badly enough to blister. see 
vour doctor at the Student 
'Health ervlce 

i, ,. (lor"". 
d('all '~ Ii,,, . • IPI"". q;,mk /('('. 
lure holt-. Ii""". ,rot/I'" 
"/I'll I'IIS". or /li/,I""". 
rr tI/, III I' rp,,, ,,r('I', II) :-0" 
Frollc,s co lir e 1>0' or('Il. IIr 
\Uur horne lOf( 11. U herrl er 
IIIIlI "'0' be. 
for inform"Ilon, AnltochjW .. I 23 · 
B, 149 91h Streel Son fronc,Ko , 
Col . 415·864·2570 

ERRORITE'M ATVOUR BOOKSTORE 
COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Slreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

lues · Sot 
9,45- 5·30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Man 
233-8328 

WI HAW '"I 
PIISONAl TOUCH. 
WI AlSO HAW 
TMI GIlA TlST 
.. CASUAl WIAI 
SIIII' AllS lilt 

Our lllh yeorofCharttT fhg~ts 
to LONDON 

or BRUSSELS 
Jun. 16 S.p' I. ' 259 
Jun. 23 "'ug 31 ' 269 
Jun. 1A , ~p' B ' 265 
July 17 "uv 21 !2~5 

Pro!. P. a,nll" (213) 277-5200 
c/o Sit", T"y,llne 

1115 Sint. Monlci l lyd . 
tty.rty Hills 

or phone S.D. rep. lOU ti4lPER 
(714) SU· 2001 

7 •• 1 GIRlID 
LA JOllA 

454.7169 
April 18, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



~ ... __ classifieds ____ ~-. _______ ~-..... 

EUROPE 1972 
C~ARTER FLIGHTS 

SPR I NG-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from Sl29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM S220 ONE 
WAY FROM S135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 1~613 
QUEENSWREATH ~~ 
Irvine, Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 ("Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

personal 

Female Vocalist needs 
guitar, flute or similar soft 
accompan iment. 753-8024 
pm's. (4118) 

DISTI NCTIVE TY PING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Sat isfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND 
FORE IGN CARS. RE-
PAIRS AND POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT 7748 HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (I N THE 
REAR) 459-9181. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

, SerVICeS 
Typing and Proofreading 
50¢a page 
Term papers 
Reports 
Thesis 

(R) 

Beatrice Lynch 753-7356. 
(4118) 

Wanted : Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nee. 
S15/ hr. Eve, Call 287-4966 

Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nee. Up to S25 /hr . Good 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) 

WRITING CLINIC 
Readers are ava ilable to 
check your rough draft or 
help with any writ ing 
problem you may have. 
FREE, call X2401 . (T) 

lost & found 
LOST: WHITE GOLD 
ENGAGEMENT RING 3 
sm. diamonds between 1 
and 3 o'clock in Third 
College women's Restroom. 
Please call Ramona after 4 
pm anyday! Reward . 233-
0488 (4/21) 

FOUND: Female dog, gold 
about 7 mo. Old outside, 
Muir dorms Fri. 4/7. Call 
453-1741. Bob (4/21) 

Found : sum of money In 
parking lot across from 
gym. If you can identify it 
call Barbara, xl860. 

LOST : Black female 
Labrador 7 mo. 272-0656 
454- 2546 ans. to Amoreana . 

housing 
Asst . Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 
(5/12 

advertisements for 
~---announcements 

for sale 
Surfboards- 2 
Channin / Diff's 7'8/1 & 6'6/1. 
Both xlnt boards, best 
offers. Jon 755-9407. 

'63 VW Bug- good condition, 
47,000, S500. Curt 755-6285. 

'68 Austin America- 38,000, 
needs engine and trans. 
work, new radials . S4SO, 755-
7604. 

(4/25) 

For Sale Sunbeam Alpine 
Xlnt condition S500. Call 453-
4219 Ask for Eric. (4118) 

general ann. 

All those juniors and seniors 
of next year who are 
interested in becoming 
discussion leaders for 
Contemporary Issues next 
year could they please come 
and see either Dr. Schwartz 
or her assistant in room 2105 
20. 

ourselves 

Applications for 
scholarships to encourage 
graduate and 
undergraduate students in 
the pursuit of careers in 
film production, writing, 
teaching , history , 
aesthetics, or criticism are 
available from Jean Fort, 
108 MC . Deadline for 
applications is June 30. 

I ntermed iate photography 
Winter Quarter - pick up or 
put up final project In 
Cluster. Margo has your 
work. 

/I Autobiographics" 
I ntermediate photography 
show. Cluster Library. 

Muir communter lockers 
are still avaiiaDle from the 
Muir Dean's office. Tne 
lockers are $1 for Spring 
Quarter. 

UCSD Soaring Club will 
hold ground school for new 
students today through 
Friday, 7-9 p.m . in 20-2321 . 
This is to prepare for the 
FAA written. 

tuesday Student supper will be 
served by the Ecumenical 
Community at Un iversity 
Lutheran Student Center at 
5 p.m. for 35 cents . We ' re 
located just west of the 
Urey Hall parking lot. 

Would you share malt liquor with a friend? 
steam and your help is N h . bo· B 1 1· h 

Proofs and Disproofs for 
God in Nature, Science and 
the Church " will be 
tonight's topiC in the 
continuing " Rel igious 
Quest /l series at University 
Lutheran Church at 8 p.m. 
Campus Pastor John Huber 
wi ll serve as speaker and 
facilitator . We 're located at 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, 
just west of the Urey Hall 
parking lot at UCSD. 

There will be another 
meeting of students who 
wish to help in the planning 
of a wilderness studies 
course for next year, today 
at 3 p . m . Students ' 
Educational Change and 
Development Center, lower 
Muir Commons. 

The Ct r i sti an Science 
Organization will hold its 
regular weekly meeting 
tonight 3t 7 p.m. in the 
Blake (onference Room. 
All students and faculty 
memben are c,:,rrji?dly 
Invited te attend 

we:lne day 

AASA (j~ sian - American 
Student Alliance) will meet 
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in upper 
Serra Hall lounge, M.C. 

Bible study at 8 p.m . at 
University Lutheran 
Church. Campus Pastor 
John Huber will serve as 
facilitator . 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, 453-056 1. 

AASA and the Chinese 
Studies Program w ill 
sponsor three 
documentar ies from the 
People 's Republ ic of China : 
/I New Face of China,/1 
" Spring Comes to Our 
Land," and " Good News 
from Industry." They will 
be shown 7:30 p.m. in the 
HL Auditorium . Adm ission 
is 35 cents for the UCSD 
com-nunity and 75 cen i s for 
the general publ ic. Persons 
who have already bought 
tickets for /I Red Blossoms" 
can get a refund at the 
AASA office (Bldg . 250 rm . 
334,2843) if they wish . 

Hoedown moved to ton ight 
at 8 p.m. Mu ir Commons. 
AUTHOR 'S NOTE : The 
goals have been 
determined, the planning 
has begun, and the 
campaign is about to take 
off . The drive is picking up 

Page 8 Triton Times April 18, 1972 

needed as organizer and a Sure. ow t ere's no question a ut It. ecause now rna t Iquor as a good 
worker, so why not get in on name. BUDWEISER. BUDWEISER Malt Liquor is lOO%.malt, malt liquor (no 
it? PIRG is more than just other grains are added). This makes BUDWEISER the first malt liquor 
an ideal, it's a working 
vehicle for good, it's that really is .. _ malt liquor .. 
important . Call Linda 276· 
3063 and volunteer a little 
time. There will be a 
meeting at 4:00 p.m. tonight 
in Revelle Cafeteria . 

thursday 
The American Civil 
Liberties Union is currently 
recruiting volunteers to act 
as demonstration observers . 
and office workers this ' 
summer as part of its 
speCial Republican 
Convention Pro ject . The 
ACLU will be concerned 
with seeing that the civil 
liberties of all persons are 
protected th is summer in 
the case of mass 
demonstrations and / or 
arrests . Attend a meeting 
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in USB 
4020A if interested in joining 
the ACLU volunteer staff . 
For more in format ion see 
story on page 1 of today 's 
TR ITON TIMES . 

Jerzy Gro towsk i, the 
creator- producer- director 
of the Pol ish Poor Theater 
will be in film interview at 
11: 30 a.m., 1105 BSB . 

Triton Warga-ning Society 
meeting tonight 6 to 10 in 
seminar room 102, Tioga 
Hall, Muir . 

The first malt" . IqUOr 
good enough to be 

called BUDWEISER, 


