
on • 1 
§cNumber 22 

Students Protest New Dorm Rotes 
Hannah Cohen 

There has been a rash of dissent over the 
announced mandatory combined food and 
dorm rates for resident Revelle students 
starting Fan Quarter. There have been many 
who have already cancelled their housing 
contracts for next year and others that are 
threatening to do the same if they can obtain 

off~ampus housing within the next few weeks. 

Many students have objected to the new 
policy because they say the cafeteria prices 
are much too high, tbat the food served is quite 
untasty , and the menus not varied enough. 
Many say they are able to eat three well-
balanced meals a day for the same amount of 
money the cafeteria would be asking for only 
14 meals a week. 

According to the proposed price rates of 
next year, it would cost a Revelle resident 
student $ZO.5O a week for the 19 meal plan and 
$19.50 a week for the 14 meal plan: Although 
the price of the rooms would be decreasing, 
the student would still be incurring increased 
costs as he would be spending much more on 
his food budget. 

Many students also object to the plan 
because they would be forced to eat in the 
cafeteria . Presently, all resident students 
have the choice of either eating in the 
cafeteria. eating in their room, or going out to 
eat. Many students could not afford to eat 
meals on the outside if they already had paid 
for cafeteria meals. 

Though the housing contracts have been sent 
out to those expected to need housing on 
campus next year. it is expected that the 
number of contracts signed will sharply 
decrease. Indeed, m.my expect only the 
incoming freshmen and new students. who 
aren't aware of the cafeteria service and 
prices. to live in the Revelle dorms next year. 

'According to George Matson. campus 
business manager, the main reason for the 
recombination of the food and dorm rates was 
that "Residence hall students extensively 
cooked in their rooms despite health and 
safety reasons embodied in the campus rule 
against such activity. This situation cannot 
continue for reasons of health and safety and 
in view of the fact that the estimated damage 
as the result of such activity is $60,000 ... 

Other reasons were also supplied by 
Matson, who was instrumental in the 
deciSion. One reason was a petition by 
students back in February protesting the 
high rates for just a room without food . 

Another reason was the laced to stabilize 
the food operation of the ca·f~er i'!.S\ on 
campus to make sure they at least break 
even and insure that the bond holders will be 
pa1d off. The final reason supplied by Matson 
was the need to put food and room rates in 
the proper perspective. As a result of this 
action it will cost only $578 for a double room 
at Revelle and Third College. while last year 
the cost was $720. 

The food rates also incorporate a missed 
meal factor by students as well. There is 
hope that better quality food will be served 
and that there will be unlimited amounts of 
salads available as well as possible buffet . 
All in all the new plan is VIewed by the 
administration as one that had to be 
instituted, and they hope that it will be 
successful. They have found it impossible to 
make exceptions from the plan except for 
medical reasons. claiming that if they make 
one exception, they will then be obligated to 
make others. 

oppreslioa , 
Zapata Collete a. t!ley demo8.trated at tbe CUacellor's complex yesterday. 

lumumba Zapata Applies Pressure 
Approximately 100 Third Col· 

lege students picketed 
trashed. canted and went on 
hunger strikes yesterday tc 
protest Chancellor McElroy '~ 
proposals for a settlement ir 
the Third College dispute . 
which was renewed again on 
Tuesday when Provost Joseph 
Watson withdrew his resigna· 
tion. 

According to a spokesman 
for the demonstrating group 
" We are here to apply more 
pressure on the administration. 
and reject McElroy's reo 
solution. For. as it stands now. 
his resolution favors onl} 
Watson. It 's just not rational. " 

And, according to several 
leaflets passed out by the 

Lumumba-Zapata Steerin@ 
Committee : " We reject 
control from on t{)p. whether 
that control is exercised 
through a black. or brown. or 
red , or yellow person." 

After picketing the Chancel-
lor's complex. which was sur-
rounded by a number of 
University Police, for one-half 
hour. the group proceeded to 
lower the American flag and 
raise a Mestizo flag and a 
People's Republic of China 
Flag above Third College. 

The group then surrounded 
the Third College Provost's 
Office. and entered it, breaking 
several windows. They then 

proceeded back to the Chan-
cellor's office where the 
demonstration broke up shortly 
afterwards. 

In addition , a hunger strike 
has begun by several UCSD stu-
dents in front of the Chan-
cellor's Office to "apply the 
principle of non-violence to 
bring about change in Third 
College ... 

According to Dean Murphy. 
vice~hancellor of student 
aIfairs, " I think a change is un-
likely and unreal because it in-
volves the Regents . We must 
acknowledge this fact. and 
work from there." Murphy 
feels that it is difficult to get 
everyone involved in the de-
cision-making process. 

Palcic Runs as Republican in 80th 

Mkllael Palck. Cudidate for 
tile .. at Cap'essioul District. 

Surprisingly enough. of two tudent cand idates running for 
public office in San Diego County m next Tuesday 's primary . 
one is a candidate in the Republican Party. His name is 
Michael Paicic. He is former ASUCSD Pre Ident, and i 
running against incumbent John Stull and farmer Roger 
Winchester for the Republican nomination for the seat in the 
80th Assembly district. 

A precincting campaign for Paicic is organized for Saturday 
morning at 11 in Revelle Plaza. Palcic hopes to speak to many 
people concerning his views on taxes and environmental 
legisla lion. 

Concerning environmental legislation. Palcic believes " We 
should enact laws that attack the real sources of pollution . . 
the most flagrant being the automobile." 

Double Commencement To Be Held 
Palcic hopes to be a " balanced representative for the entire 

80th district, which includes all of San Diego County minu 
most of the city of San Diego. He di approves of taxes on 
people with fixed income and thinks that "elderly people 
should have a tax break ." To help his younger constituent , 
Palcic wants to institute hitchhiking stops adjacent to all 
major freeways that will "make hitchhiking safer and allow 
less cars to be polluting the air." 

A double commencement! 
inauguration celebration will be held 
June 11 on the UCSD campuli. 

UCSD will award degrees to nearly 
1. 000 graduate and undergraduate 
candidates at its sixth 
commencement. At the same time. Dr. 
William D. McElroy will be installed 
as the fourth Chancellor of the San 
Diego campus. 

The double ceremony will begin at 1 
p.m. on the soccer field between 
Revelle and John Muir Colleges and 
west of the UCSD gymnasium. Special 
invitations have been extended to the 
families of the graduates and to 
members of the academic community. 
however no special tickets are 
,'equired for seating and the public is 
welcome to attend. 

For the first time . the 
commencement will include j!raduates 
from the UCSD School of Medicine. 
Forty-five members of the charter 
class are scheduled to attend special 
School of Medicine ceremonies 
beginning at 10 a.m. in front of the 
Ba ic Science Building where they will 
be presented their diplomas by Dr. 
Clifford Grobstein. dean of the school. 
Following that ceremony. the new 
medical doctors are scheduled to take 
part in the campus-wide 
commencement on the soccer field . 

As in the past. there will be no 
formal academic procession other than 
for the official party. Members of the 

Cllucellor McElroy 
graduating classes will sit in the 
audience with friends and relative and 
will be called forward by college to 
receive congratulations from their 
provost. the Chancellor. and from 
University of California President 
Charles i. Hitch who will take part in 
the ceremony. 

Revelle College is scheduled to 
award Bachelor of Arts degrees to 366 
candidates. John Muir College will 
award Bachelor of Arts degrees to 389 
candidates. and Third College. in its 
second full year of operation. will 
award Bachelor of Arts degrees to 23 
candidates. The graduate division will 
award nearly 80 Master of Arts and 
Master of Science degrees and close to 
100 Ph.D. degrees. 

As has become a tradition at UCSD. 
the ceremonies will be heralded by a 
" Triton Fanfare." the blowing of 
conch shells by four members of the 
junior class. Eric Christmas. director 
of the UCSD Theatre. will serve as 
marshall and master of ceremonies for 

" I am taking what I feel is a con tructive approach to state 
government. r would like as much input as possible to insure 
the best possible legislative respon 'es to California ' 
problem ." Paicic concluded. 

the program. President Hitch and ~----------------------, 
Chancellor McElroy are scheduled to F I' no I s L I' bra ry H ou rs address the graduates and the 
audience. 

McElroy. UCSD's fourth Chancellor. 
will be officially installed to that office 
by President Hitch. 
. McElroy. former head of the 

National ' Science Foundation In 
Washington . D.C.. was named 
Chancellor bv the University Board of 
Regents in July. 1971. to fill the post 
formerly held by Dr. William McGill 
who left to become President 01 
Columbia University in New York. 
McElroy began his dutie at UCSD la t 
February. 

The new Chancellor i a graduate of 
Stanford University and received a 
Ph.D. m Biology at Princeton 
Univer ity in 1943. After two year 
with the U.S. Office of Scientific 
Research and Development. -he joined 
the faculty of Johns Hopkins 
University where he became Chairman 
of the department of biology and 
director of the McCollum-Pratt 
Institute. In 1969 he was nominated by 
President Nixon to head the National 
Science Foundation. 

All UCSD libraries announce th following hour of operation 
until June 10. 

From today through Thursday. all C 0 Itbrarie WIll be 
open from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. On Friday. Cluster I and the Bio-
medical libraries will be open from 8 a.m to 10 p.m .. with all 
other libraries remaining open untIl 11. 

On Saturday. alii ibrarie will be open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m . 
except the Sand E. which will be open from 9 a.m. to 11 p m. 

On Sunday. alllibrarie will be open from 1 p.m. to II p.m. 
except for Clu ter, which will remam open unttl 12 p.m .. and 
Scripps. which will close at 9 p.m. 

From Monday to Thur day of fma l week. all hbrane will 
remam open from 8 a.m. until 11 p. 'TI .. except for Clu ter I. 
which will remain open until midnigpt 

On Friday. Cluster r will be open (rom 8 a m to 10 p.m .. 
Scripp from 8 a.m .. and all oth r lil'rane from 8 a m to 6 
p.m. And on June 10. alilibrane wIII .:Ie open from 9 a.m to 5 
p.m. 

R'evelle Exec. Committee 
Electlons for the Revelle College Executive Commltt ... w 

be held TODAY. Friday. June 2. from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m 
Pool booths WIll be set up in the Revelle Plaza. Two positl n 

are open-candidate ar Rand Ebert . John Lee. and K vm 
Olson. 



Fewer people in the Los Angeles area watched the second 
Humphrey-McGovern television debate than watched each of 
the competing network entertainment programs. the NBC 
network announced Wednesday. 

Nielson ratings in the Los Angeles area.showed 19% of those 
watching television were tuned into NBC's Meet the Press for 
the second televised confrontation between Sens. Hubert H. 
Humphrey and George S. McGovern. 

T.he ratings gave 23% of the audience to the CBS detective 
senes Cannon and 26% to ABC's movie and Marcus Welby 
senes. 

Senator Harris to Speak 
After a lengthy and typical Sam Vorty speech in Los Angeles 

Senator Fred Harris had this to say: " Will Rogers onc~ 
remarked 'I never met a man I didn 't like.' He obviously never 
met Sam Yorty." 

So what does the dynamic . colorful and definitely outspoken 
populist Senator from Oklahoma have to say about politics '72 
and his endorsement for George McGovern? Just how does the 
state of the nation appear to a politician who isn 't afraid to 
speak out bluntly? 

Hear Senator Harris this Friday at noon. Revelle Plaza. to 
find out. 

Chinese Studies Program 
For Dr. Stanford Lyman. Department of Sociology. UCSD. 

will give the last lecture of the series for 1971-72. This will be 
also the last public lecture that Dr. Lyman will give here as a 
member of the UCSD faculty. Topic :"TheChinese in America : 
Past. Present and Future." 2C-IllO (Muir! Friday. 8 p.m. June 
2. 1972. The lecture is open to the pUblic . 

Students Receive Medi-Cal 
Since January of this year. college students no longer 

qualified for Medi.(;al benefits. But this has now changed. 
thanks in part to the work of the UC Student Lobby. A directive 
from the State Department of Health Care Services will go out 
this week. which will reinstate student eligibility. The main 
qualifications for receiving Medi.(;al aid are income and other 
resources below $ISO a month. inadequate contributions 
towards support and health ca re from relativ~ responsible for 
support under law. California residency. and U.S. citizenship 
or five-year residency. 

Hitler is Dead 
Hitler is dead. beyond a shadow of a doubt. according to a 

UCLA Dental School professor who has made an exhaustive 
study of 1944 X-ray plates of Hitler and the Russian autopsy 
report f rom the burned remains fou nd in the Berlin bunker. 

Dr. Reidar Sognnaes said some very peculiar bridgework. 
unusual crowns. and evidence of jawbone and gum disease seen 
in the 1944 X-rays precisely match the Russian report depicting 
remains of the burned jawbone from the bunker. 

Based upon the X-ray studies. Dr. Sol!nnaes made cast 01 
Hitler's teeth. including the extensive dental work performed 
on them . The X-rays and casts show a unique telephone-shaped 
bridge in his lower teeth and a " window" crown In his uppers. 
Serious jawbone and gum disease was accompanied by erosion 
of his lower incI ors. 

FewAmericans probably doubt Hitler is dead. Dr . Sognnaes 
notes. but there has been recent controversy in Europe over 
whether remains recovered bv the RUSSIans were his or a 
stand-in ·s. No conclusive study of the X-ray and dental 
eVIdence had been performed prior to Dr. Sognannes ·. 

Reagan Encourages Voters 
Governor Ronald Reagan encouraged voter to sign the 

death penal v miU"ti.·c currentl" hPin!! clrcula lated while 
withholdm~ anv SImilar endorsement lor the oast 
Environmell Protection InItIative. 

Reagan r la~ th endorsement last Wednesdav at the 
beginning tf the Capitol press conference by readinll a 
prepared "tatem~nt. 

"Th~ highest court in the land has. in effect . to ld the people 
of CalIfornIa that If capItal punishment is to be restored. that 
the deci SIOn must be made bv the citIzens themselve ." 

Reagan went on to say. .. . . I believe that the voter of 
California should have the opportunit~' 10 make their voices 
heard .. 

His response as to whether he would sign the coa tline 
measure was. "Well. now you have me in that position here of 
my saying . the people I have a right ' to vole on somelhinl!." 

Page 2 Triton Times June 2, 1972 

U(SD Food Services \Acclaimed' By-StUDents? 
John Mill.r 
UC LA DaHy Stuin 

At uc San Diego, people 
actually say they lite the food . 

Improbable as it may seem, 
the food at San Diego is often 
more acclaimed than 
'complained about, and the man 
most responsible for the 
success of the operation is 
HoUy Holmes, food service 
coordinator. 

Holmes began to manage the 
food service this year when the 
University assumed control 
after three different outside 
contractors failed to reduce 
substantial losses and win 
student acceptance . One 
student complained, "for a 
while you couldn 't buy a 
hamburger without a meal 
ticket. The bastards wouldn't 
even accept money and the 
food tasted like shit." 

Quality food 
"When 1 first took over, I 

added several ounces of meat 
to the steak sandwich we serve, 
lowered many prices and 
bought a better quality food ," 
Holmes said. 
"I don ' t like grilled 

hamburgers and 1 don't think 
students do either, so we 
placed all of the grills in the 
cafeterias with broilers," he 
continued . 

Holmes greatest success so 
far has been the establishment 
of a hot sandwich line he 
dubbed the 'Bull and Boar.' " I 
decided to try a hot sandwich 
line and see i[ I could do 
something with it.The meat for 
the sandwiches is cooked fresh 
every day and served on a 
french roll, and .students tell 
me tha t it is the best food they 
have ever ea ten in a 
cafeteria. " 

Although it is open only three 
hours a day and is the smallest 

part of tbe cafeteria's 
operation, it does almost 60 per 
cent of the lunch business for 
the entire campus. 

s.cce •• 
Responsiveness may be the 

key to Holmes' success. "Some 
students said they wanted 
honey for the tea, we got honey 
for the tea . They don't like the 
lettuce shredded, so we stopped 
shredding the lettuce. Others 
wanted pdtk ribs for one of the 
special dinners, so we served 
pork ribs. I've got a letter here 
from a girl that says the pork 
ribs she had last Thursday 
were the best she' sever 
eaten," he said. 

Holmes was surprised that 
coffee at UCLA sells for 15 
cents a cup. "Coffee is 
something that almost 
everybody wants. We sell our 
coffee for 5 cents and we do a 

Iiltl~ better than break even. 
Even if we lost money on 
something like coffee, I 
wouldn't raise the price 
because we are here to serve 
this community, and we can't 
make any money from coffee 
anyway. I tried raiSing the 
price of coffee to teo cents with 
unlimited refills, but people 
were saving their cups for two 
weeks and coming back for 
refills, so I had to limit the 
amount to one cup [or five 
cents again." 

The thing Holmes [eels most 
strongly about is the quality of 
the food he serves. "The one 
thing I absolutely refuse to do 
is serve leftovers, and I buy all 
o[ my meat fresh , and as far as 
possible all the vegetables I 
buy are fresh . I don 't like 
institutional food ," Holmes 
said. 

((( Rei igious Results In 
Jim Wiens 
Chuck Graham 

During the past year , 
members of UCSD's Campus 
Crusade for Christ group have 
been taking the San Diego 
Collegiate Religious Survey, 
either going out on a random 
basis to conduct interviews, or 
setting up individual 
appointments for the same 
purpose. The results were 
compiled this week and are 
presented here, as a sample of 
religious beliefs and practices 

among UCSD students. 
A total or 152 people were 

interviewed, 108 male and « 
female , with the number of 
freshmen interviewed almost 
as great as the number o[ 
sophomores, juniors and 
seniors combined. 

Ninety-two (or 61 percent) 
now are, or have in the past 
been, members of religious 
groups . Thirty-four (23 
percent ) used to be associated 
with some group ; 24 (16 
percent) have never had any 
affiliation . Membership was 
divided among a wide variety 

Bob Lowe Runs in 42nd 
Politically Bob Lowe regards himself further to the left than 

George McGovern. Running on the Democratic ballot [or the 
Congressional seat in the 42nd District. Lowe is a graduate of 
Cornell University and has much experience as a Federal 
Government administrator in the Bureau of Indian Affairs and 
the Internal Revenue Service. A teacher at San Dieguito !ligh 
School for the past 12 years. Lowe instituted the first black 
studies program in the state and soon followed them with 
Indian and CHICANO STUDIES. 

Opposed to the war in Vietnam. Lowe has commentcd that "I 
am the only candidate in my district who has openly pledged 
supllOrt . to the Mc~overn-Hatfield Disengagement Act. My 
mohvallon for runnIng for Congress stems from my opposition 
to the war." 

Lowe feels taxes are an important issue in this election. 
"There shouldn't be any kind of exemptions except in special 

cases. The Federal Government could increase its revenues 
immensely by fixing a flat tax rate of 10% on anyone with an 
income of over $10.000. 

"A plan of national health care should be instituted in this 
country as it has been in Great Brita in." Lowe said . 
"Socialized medicine will be necessary to get the services to 
the people who need them the most. " 

Lowe made it a point that he was not running against his 
opponent. Joseph Tomchak . just to win . He explained that he 
wanted to be a candidate for the people. " 1 want to represent 
the people and their organizations : the agricultural workers. 
the national health proponents. the conservationsisls . and the 
consumer ... 

BACK TO THE 
FUTURE 

With 
Delicious & Natural 

SANDWICHES, 
JUICES! 

& 
PROTEIN DRINKS 

W. 11M !Ie pr.Slrvatives, .1_1t-
" " "lifidal foods. 

FUTURE FOODS 
Nalural Food. Dri •• Tnru 

IUt Glrnet Pacific I .. h 
21~760 

• 

TOBEN 
And The Bull And Boar 

Thanks Much For 
T h. Good Food & 

Good Time. 
Corky 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

TUII.· Sol 
9,45- 5,JO 

Women Welcome 

ClOMd Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

of groups and faiths, the most 
common being (in decreasing 
order ) Roman Catholic , 
Presbyterian. Methodist, and 
Jewish. 

Seventy people (47 percent) 
declared they had a definite 
philosophy of life ; 69 ( 2% 
percent) said they always lived 
according to their philosophy ; 
90 (64 percent) lived by it most 
of the time ; 14 (10 percent) 
about balf the time ; and only 
six people admitted to seldom 
living by their philosophy. 
Interestingly enough, many of 
those with a " vague " 
philosophy declared they lived 
by it most of ~e time. 

"Self-centeredness" was ' the 
response most often given to 
the question " What is the basic 
problem of humanity ?" 
Seven!y-one people (5 3 
percent ) declared their . 
philosophies inclUded a solution 
[or this problem ; 60 (47 
percent) said theirs did not. 

Fifty-seven percent of those 
surveyed (or 78 people ) 
declared they believed in a God 
both infinite and personal ; 60 
(or 43 percent) did not. Many 
replied God was either one or 
the other, but not both. 

Thirty-four people (23 
percent ) revealed they had 
seriously read through the New 
Testament ; 42 (29 percent ) had 
not ; 24 (18 percent) sa id they 
had read more than half ; « (30 
percent ) less than half. 

Opinion was widely divided 
concerning Jesus Christ. The 
response most commonly given 
regarding his identity were : 
Son of God , or God-Man, 49 132 
percent) ; teacher, 22 114 
percent ); philosopher. 22 114 
percent) ; prophet, 15 1 10 
percent). Fourteen people 
didn 't know ; five said he was a 
philosophical ideal ; eight 
•................... ~ 
: OurJJlh) f'oroj : 
• LOW UlST FLU; .. T . ! 
: for studenls. Examptes: 
• to ROME S 170.50 OW: 
: 10 LONDON S 166.00 OW. 
: London·TEl AVIV 85.90 Owl 
• London·ATHENS 66.30 OW 

I· London·NAIROBt 173.00 Owl H ...... f ... tu" ..... 
.'-'It frH trlWllllfe StEn. , .. va INC. 

(213) 277-5'" er 179-3111 

weren't sure ; and 17 others 
gave a wide variety o[ answers. 
No one regarded Jesus as a 
myth. 

Fully half the sample arrived 
at the conceptions of Christ 
through personal study, and 34 
(25 percent ) through religious 
education. 

Responding to " How does 
one become a Christian?" 46 
people (32 percent ) replied, 
through receiving Christ as 
personal savior ; 43 (30 
percent) said it could be done 
by understanding and following 
Christ's teachings ; 15 people 
didn't know. Other responses, 
in decreasing order, were by 
holding persoqal convictions, 
living a good life, and being 
born or brought up a Christian 
in the first place. 

Significantly, fully 79 percent 
of those surveyed (122 people) 
said they would be interested in 
knowing and experiencing God 
personally ; 17 (ll percent ) had 
no such wish ; 15 were unsure . 

Campus Crusade for Christ 
would like to thank a II those 
who were willing to give of 
their time this year for survey 
interviews. 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459-7355 I ~ MstIMtieM. J 
.. 75 *" .... '.Ineriy HII. 

................... ~----------------~ 

--- ~~-

The epinlons t.prHUCI on tIItst ... 111 ert thole ot 1M 
authorS ...... ne .......... r In .... bylines .nd ... not 
necesurlly reflect 1M view, of the TRITON TIMES. 
Anytnt desiring to submit mettrllli to be published on 
t ........ 111 should send It to the Edltorl.1 Director, 
TR ITON TIMES, 117 Bleke Hen. UCSD. . 

On Tuesday ... 
We feel that it would not be p~r to use student funds to 

editorially support partisan and non-partisan of[<ampus 
political issues. However, we as individuals feel very strongly 
about some of the vital issues being presented on the June 6 
ballot. 

We cannot urge you strongly enougb to vote next Tuesday 
regardless of the candidates and issues you support: However 
we hope you will take our opinions into consideration when you 

~e. • 
Democratic presidential primary election : We unequivocally 

support George McGovern for the democratic nomination for 
the presidency. The senator's stand on the war , lUes, welfare 
and public services bespeaks of an awareness and concern for 
the real problems in this country as well as a sense o[ 
innovation in the solution of these problems. With a strong win 
in California, the power that be in the democratic party 
heirarchy will not be able to overlook George McGovern for 
the party 's nomination . 

Proposition 9: We urge. a yes vote on this anti-pollution 
initiative. Tbis proposition WOUld , among other things, lower 
the lead content in gasoline. lower the sulfur content in diesel 
fuel , allow any person to bring a class action to the benefit of 
all residents, fines pollutors of violators for their activities, 
prohibits oil exploration or extraction within one mile of the 
mean tide line. and prohibits the construction of nuclear 
generating power plants for 5 years . 

Proposition 2: We urge a yes vote on this initiative which 
provides $350 million for the construction or improvement of 
public schools damaged by earthquakes. 

Proposition A: This initiative creates an Environmental 
Growth Fund which sets aside twenty·five per cent of revenues 
collected from francbis for the transmission and distribution 
of gas, electricity and steam to be used to acquire much-
needed open space for park and recreational purposes for the 
City of San Diego. 

Molly Selvin. Editor-in'(;hief. TRITON TIMES 
Mark Siegel. Editorial Director. TRITON TIMES 
Terry Barak, Business Manager, TRITON TIMES 

Joe Eastern, Photography Editor. TRITON TIMES 
Guillermina Velez. Advertisinll Asst.. TRITON TIMES 

The Barnouw Case -
An .Appra·isal 

W_en'l sa_y Graap 
The University is often thought to constitute a community of 

intelligent and honorable individuals gathered together in the 
common pursuit of learning. Under this characterization one 
would expect members of the community to be scrupulous in 
their respect of each other's rights as scholars and as human 
beings. The case of Dr. Dagmar Barnouw. a lecturer ill 
German literature. shows this expectation to be false . Dr. 
Barnouw has recently decided to bring suit against UCSD 
through the Fair Employment Practices Commission because 
the Uaiversity's channels and procedures have proved to be 
inadequate means of handling her grievances. The fact that the 
FEPC has agreed ~o take on her case shows that it is not just a 
matter of a disgruntled individual striking out against the 
institution. but rather a matter at best of institutional failure . 
We do not need the FEPC to tell us this. however. 

In 1968. Dr. Barnouwand her husband. Jeffrey. applied for 
CoaalD.ed on Pale 4 

PREPARATION fOR SUMMER 

LSAT 
NOW ENROLLING 

• P'.~'.t lon lor '.nl~ rf'qu .red lor .dm,sslon to 
po\l gr aduatf' S( I'IOOls 

• 5 ... \I!UIO" (ours.S smaller 9 rOUPS 
• Unhm ,'tc1 tape I~sons for rev iew 
• Cour!. .. 11l~ 'l!n. ' consUlntlv upda'~ 
• Hom" ~Iud~ mtlllf'n.1 prl!Pllred by t.otrlS In tac" ' I,ld 

STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ S,nc.1938 

IN SAN 01EIO AREA (71~) 27~-96,o 

r-~t"~:-
! OF ~A ..I0L.LA 
- ilFINE I SELECTION 
IOFCHEESES I From around the world. 
I 7523·A Fay AVI., La Jolla (on Drury Lane PlaIa) 454·5384 II ...................... ~ 

Chi~anos Call For Reason In L-Z College Discord 
In the wake of nerve-wracking 

prepartions for fiilals and hopes for a 
fine Summer, the life of one of UCSD,s 
colleges has been threatened. The 
threat of its destruction has affected 
Chicanos, locally and statewide, 
decisively. 

What is being dealt with is of course 
the la test add i lion to our U CSD 
campus, Lumumba-Zapata College. 
Originally founded to provide a 
relevant education, so that later it 
would be put into effect in minority 
communities, the college is currently 
involved in an internal discord . The 
matter has been part o[ our campus 
reality and a resolution is being sought. 

The survival of Lumumba-Zapata 
College is of extreme importance to 
Chicanos, for we are the group that is 
most educationally behind, next to 
native Americans. The educational 
concern includes our local city of San 
Diego and the Imperial Valley. In San 
Diego, we make up 15 per cent of the 
population, while blacks make up 5.6 
per cent. In the Imperial Valley, we 
make up 40-60 per cent' of the 
population, while blacks only make up 
1-2 per cent. Something is being done to 
change the situation and our UCSD-
MECHA is involved in solving the 
inequities that oppress us~ 

The inequity in the educational 
system is a common struggle amongst 
Chicanos. We are organized to meet 
the problem locally as well as state 
wide, not to mention nationally. Here 
in San Diego, we have MECHA 
Chapters from the grammar schools 
up to the University level. In the UC 
system alone, MECHA has come 
together in a strong and united UC-
MECHA Steering Committee. The 
Steering Committee m~ts regularly 
and has a strong voice within the UC 
system. When the UC-MECHA's have 
a common grievance they make it 
known to President Hitch through 
Berkeley's University Hall. 

To elaborate further in the 
educational inequities faced by 
Chicanos we shall go on the southwest 
level. The following figures deal with 
Chicanos who do not complete grade 
school education: In Texas (from 
where the present UCSD Chancellor 
has come ), we make up 64 per cent as 
compared with 29.2 per cent of the. 
total population ; In Arizona, we make 
up 52.7 per cent as compared to 21. 7 
per cent of the total population ; In 
New Mexico, we make up « .4 per cent 
as compared to 23.1 per cent of the 
total population ; InColorad(l, we make 
up 29 .0 per cent as collJpared with 13.9 
per cent of the total population ; and , in 
our home state of California, we make 
up 37.4 per cetna s compared with 14.4 
per cent of the total population 
(approximately 50 per cent of Chicano 
youth never finish high school ). 

or course, of primary concern to 
Chicanos in California are the efforts 
of the University of California and 
other higher education institutions. We 
make up 15· per cent of California 's 
population, yet we only make up 0.5 per 
cent of the student population in the UC 
System. Overall, in higher education 
institutions, we make up only 5.4 per 
cent of the student population, but 
most Chicano students are in the junior 
college level. 

Ori&iD of Discord 
Now we come back to the discord at 

hand. Since early May contradictions, 
long active within Third College, 
surfaced above the general eourse of 
things. Two-thirds of the eollege. 
organized under the Lumumba·Zapata 
Steering Committee, made their 
grievances known and demanded the 
resignation of the present Provost, the 
appointment of an Acting Provost 
(chosen from amongst the present 
Third College [acuity ), and the 
implementation o[ the Third College 
Academic Plan. Seventeen faculty 
members sent a letler to the 
Chancellor in which they argued why 
they had withdrawn thei r confidence 
from the present Provost. called for 
his resignation and asked for the 
appointment of an Acting Provost. 

The struggle originated in 
Lumumba-Zapata College, but it 
spread campuswide. MECHA, after 
hearing the grievance s from 
Lumumba-Zapata College students, 
issued a Chicano Position Paper on 
TlIird College. The position paper was 
prin te d in the CHICA 0 
SUPPLEMENT,. inside hhe TRITON 
TIMES . It outlined Chicano 
grievances. Among them were: Policy 
[ailure on the part of the Provost in 
admissions, funding and specia I 
programs; admission inequities 
(Blacks's had exceeded their goals of 
one-third representation and Chicano 
applications had dropped ) were 
ou tl ined ; the Provost's failure to 
procure funds for hiring Chicano . 
faculty ; the failure in the insti tution of 
bilingual programs to meet the speci~ 
needs of Chicanos ; and , the stiffling of 

self~eterrnination . 
The issue of self~etermination has 

to do with the governance of 
Lumumba-Zapata College . Tee 
Lumumba-Zapata Demands (founding 
document for the college), the Ford 
Foundation Grant (which provides a 
major part o[ the financial needs) and 
other documents outline that the Board 
of Directors shall be governing body of 
Lumumba-Zapata College. The 
Provost (who originally agreed with 

BODY KOVE.RS 
'M "S' s.leeri,;' i" No. Co."" 

1448 Camino Del Mar 

ORGANIC 
STRA WHERRIES 

The Vegetable Shop 
East on Via De La Valle on tbe 

Way to Rancbo Santa Fe 

OPEN: Sun.-Fri. 10 to 4 Sat. 10:31 to 1% 

the governance by the Board of 
Directors), the Chancellor and a 
University regulation decreed that the 
Provost has final say in the governance 
of the College. Here is where the 
contradiction lies. 

Two-TlIirds Majority 
The dissenting Lumumba-Zapata 

Steering Committee, with a mandate 
of a two-thirds majority. wants more 
student participation in the making of 
policy decisions. The present Provost 
wants hegemony, will not budge and 
has threatened resignation . The 
steering committee wants to expand 
the Board to in.clude five students 
(one (tom each ethnic group, including 
whites l, two faculty members , one 
T.A. and one Provost. The Provost has 
received the support of the Black 
Student Council (BSC ), but their 
position fails to address themselves to 
the question of governance. BSC only 
voices its respect for the Provost and 
outlines their grievances against the 

. system. 
Acting as mediator we have a newly 

appointed Chancellor. The short time 
he has been part of our educational 
community is reflected in the manner 
he has handled the situation. 

" In the early beginning, when the 
problem could have been solved with a 
little diplomacy, the Chanellor stood 
behind Provost Watson and issued a 
statement in response to the 
Lumumba -Za pata Steering 
Committee, in which he believed that 
there was " insuHicient evidence to 
support the charges against Provost 
Watson." Since then. things have 
escalated. Death threats have been 
received by members of the steering 
committee, an Asian-American and a 
white student. Also. Members of the 
steering committee have been 
assaulted in front of tbe Chancellor 'S 
office by students supporting Watson . 

Abrasive Diplomacy 
In his abrasive diplomacy, the 

Chancellor came out with a 7-Point· 
Proposal. Watson. submitted his 
resignation upon the announcement of 
it ; it expanded the Board of Directors 
to 11 persons and it provided for a Vice· 
Provost. As of Friday afternoon, aL a 
small briefing of the Chancellor, he has 
threatened the destruction of the 
College, unless his proposal is 
accepted. The proposal, at this time, is 
being revised to fit the desires of 
Provost Watson. It is interesting how 
upon the announc~ment of his proposal 
the Chancelor said that it stood as It 

ContiDued OD Pale 4 

June 2, 19n T riten Times Page 3 



eMl ...... ...,., Lett. to the Editor Food For Thought for The summer ... 
was, yet ov ~r tbe weekend be was 

w~teriDg it do 
A cheap tactic issued by the 

Chancellor was to whitewash tbe issue 
as a racia,1 one instead ~f a 
philosophical one. In Thursday's press 
conference, the Chancellor insinuated 
that Chicanos had not yet learned the 
importance of a higher education, 
whereas blacks had . .. and the 
Chancellor is an educated man. 

UCSD-MECHA enjoys support from 
the San Diego chicano community and 
at a recent UC-MECHA Steering 
Committee meeting the following 
resolution was passed : Resolved that 
the V.C. Steering Committee supports 
UCSD Chicanos in their struggle for 
self-determination and reject the 
Chancellor 's threat to close Third 
College and demand that he be more 
responsibe to the needs of Chicanos by 
returning to the governing of Board of 
Directors. 

Survival of College 
The survival of Lumumba-Zapata is 

important for Chicanos. Yet, its 
survival does not mean that Chicanos 
have to live under an oppressive 
institution that stiffles our self-
determination and that of others. 
Lumumba-Zapata College was founded 
on the principle of self-determination. 
The Provost 's move toward 
institutionalizing' it under the yoke of 
administrative' rules does no service to 
Chicanos attending the college. It is too 
bad that the opposing factions do not 
sit down and listen to reason. Truly, 
the Chancellor has seized upon the 
division to threaten the destruction of 
the college. A few professors, whose 
main interest is only research, also 
want the destruction of the college. 
Lumumba-Zapata College cannot 
survive without a democratic-
governance, for without that right an 
internal issue will reach the hands of 

Death to Swallows? 
Editor : 

Why, as of May 29, were the 
swaUows' nexts on the second floor of 
Muir building 2D to be found in a 
deathly mess upon the ground? 

Was this carnage committed by the 
custodial force in some perverted anal 
fit , by habitues of the second floor 
offices dominated by fears of an 
occasional drop of bi~shit or was it 
the lonely destructive act of some sad 
repressed dork (and perhaps his 
frolicsome pals )? Could it possible 
represent some official Administration 
policy? 

In any case, especially in light of the 
broken eggshells to be found amidst 
the crumbled nests, this capricious 
action seems a clear violation of law, 
propriety, good taste and the sound 
life-sense one would expect to be 
represented and respected in a college 
that purports to honor and embody the 
principles of a man of the caliber of 
John Muir. 

In this writer 's opinion . those 
interested in grounding birds could 
winged fledglings which frequently fly 
over our heads in preparation to 
pouring immeasurable quantities of 
natural resources into noxious swamps 
of death in once-idyllic fields far away. 

Sincerely, 
DoDaId B. JODI 

G4I5III148 

the administrators who would destroy 
it without regrets. 

Chicanos within in Lumumba-Zapata 
College have known this fact and have 
always acted in the best interest of the 
college. After all it is a means toward 
solving the educational inequities 
which confront us ; therefore , we are 
against the threat to the destruction of 
Lumumba-Zapata College.' 

The Barnouw Case ... 
eo.tmH4 (rom Pqe 3 
positions in the German and comparative literature sections 01 
UCSI;>'s Department of Literature. ~t the time o~ Je~frey ' s 
appointment in the r.,omparative Literature sectIOn It ~as 
agreed among members of the department tha~ .nep?tlsm 
would not be an obstacle to offering Dagmar a poSitIOn m the 
regular ranks of the German section. Furthermore, upon their 
arrival bere, Dagmar was told that she would be offered a full 
time position as an Assistant Professor w~~n on.e became 
available. Eventually, in the fall of 1970, a position did open up . 
Instead of receiving the automatic recommendation she had 
been led to expect. her candidacy became a source of 
contention. 

The German section was urged by the Literature 
Department to propose one candidate as its unequ ivocal choice 
and initially. on Dec. 11 . 1971. was unanimous in favor of 
Dagmar. Three days later this unani.mous vote wa~ recalled. 
allegedly because One member at least had reconSidered the 
issue of nepotism. Dagmar was required now to include her 
book in ber portfolio (previously not required. as the position 
for wbicb She was being considered did not demand 
publications ) and was considered to be in competition with 
another candidate still finishing his dissertation. At a 
department meeting on Dec. 21. those who had professed 
theImehes to be concerned about nepotism denied this 
coocem ... asserted that Dagmar's candidacy was being 
questioned soIdy 011 ground of her academic qual.ifications. 
As a result. of this vacillation the other candidate was 
nomillated as the Literature Department's first choice and 
o.."nar as second. 

WI/..1- /JOT 
HAlt" 10 
FI0Hl 
AO'oIIJ 
IU 5()H[ 
OTHeR 
VI(;Tt0AH 
AT 9)H6 / 
1i1-ft IU 6-.--
'THe-
FurURt 

', --- I 

.• h
' 

, 7£6 fMC Ff2tSl r ,w;>I 

( 1-f1U:"-:a:<~.a-,_~---,'''' ~ ~=~--..J WJI ~1~rt~~~~~5 1 1{1\/ ")1"""'1 J Sl - '1?fl:1Ct THt1'A1F I· I<:.-"~"-'-"=:"=':':.:...-J S VF" _~kJl(l~l7. . 
rJ ------------~ 11~------------~;1! I 

~ It i I :: :[1 
I 

I' .1 I ~ee (tie ~~6ReSs . 1 ?eo lHe ~e= I ~ ~:wi ~d ,-W---'B4t= 'ew M IYV"' <JV. 
.. -

Think A bout It! 
triton tiDles 

Edilor-in-Chier Molly Sel~in 
Man .. illl Editor Camy Sherick 
BUliMii Mln .. er Terry Bar. 
Art. Edilor Carrie Rickey 
Pholotlraphy Edilor Joe Easlern 

Now, Departmenl 
Jon l Garwood 
Rick Orom 
MoI1lMoiOoko 
Kathy KJul'" 
Ke.in Ohon 

"'I .. rop!oef, 
MI ... S.""o 
Michoel GrMne 
Am Department 
Mork Silgel 

Monuel Hernondel Don Spello", 
Hannah Cohen Ruth Sil ve"t ram 

Tom l'ndberg 
Copy .10"" Corky M. Co<o, 
Debbie Montgomery Kathleen Woodward 
Gleno Schroeter Tim Hi" ch 

CilY Edilor 
AMOC. Cih' Editor 

'Copy Editor 
Edilorial Director 
Sportl Edilor 
Alit. BUline .. Msr. 

Artilh 
Corkey M. Coco, 
Mi ... McKinney 
leonord Montenono 
'recilKlien 
Do.iclluchbtnd.r 
Mik.S.""" 
Mork li"'o 
'-I, Deportmenl 
Mork li"'o 
Mork YounQ 

Da~id Buchbinder 
John Mlxwell 

ChuekGnhlm 
MmSieJel 

Mike Rllh 
Michael Greene 

Andy Eltobrook 
Pot Stocy 
Cheryl Ell ioH 
Do"" Beonon 

A~ Deportment 
lonnie Moinoreck 
Gullltrmini Velez 
Silwe Cohen 
Terry Porter 

TIll TRITOII TlMIS is ellicilly 11("";104" ....... ....,., ~ .. (.-Ie_."'~ II 
tile U!inuit, II (1Ii1or'" So. Diep, ...... nt, ~ (~, l. Jell, ( .... na" . 
PtWiclliero illwic • ...w, .. TIIH4ey. -.4 "*wI. 0IIk., •• Iec_04 .. ,_ 111 •• ~ ... , 
....... _ .. (...,.s. I" , ... ertilirlt ...... 45J.MO. ll'17; 1er ... .,111., .wI ..... l.l. 

USE ••• 
AS MOVIES Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Concludes 
Its Services To You 

TONIGHT 
with 

Try Allm Next Year!' 
WIIea tile IltpaItment"s rirst choice turned the offer down. 

Dapaar"s ~ was sent to the Senate Budget 
C .... ft By .... time the Administration had ruled that 
..,..ism -.,as _ a issue in Dagmar's case. She was. 

CeatiDued oa Page 7 

VANISHING POI 
and 1-2-3 

Serv,ing the financia l needs of UCSD La lolla Campus-
SIO - POINT LOMA and the SAN YSIDRO HEALTH 
CLINIC personnel. 

Your Credit Union provides a broad scope of financial 
services designed exclusively to benefit the particular 
needs of academic and staff members. Office hours are 
from 10 AM to 6 PM daily except on universal holidays. 

I ~I 
IJ 
J 

c.., e.. .. , of ASC 
Hal -. ....... &. 

~ . ....., .... ----
w-. .................. l 

... lll-JJll 
~E ~ - ,," .... - ... lMl-

.AI:': )1"0\"1 - 4 .... "1".. ~'_~"""'-
," 

". . 

•• _ IffSfT PI"'I.' TY""' URYICES 
II.... .' ~tl 

7:30 & 10:30 USB 2722 SO< 
Note: THE DAMNED, scheduled for 6/3, ha 

been cancelled. 
Entertainment 

at the 

COFFEE HUT 
Plus 

SPAGHETTI SPECI AL 
51.05 

• LOW INTEREST LOANS 
• SWIG PAID ON SHARES· 
• LOAN PROTECTION INSURANCE 
• PHONE WITHDRAWAL SERVICE 

·Paid last dividend period 

DIJ~[§ 
~8~. emL : _-u 
UMlvtRSlTY & STATE EMPlOYEES CREDIT •• 

If WI DIID 
5555 ~5l., SIft Dteao9211t 'Phane'''_ 
bch Member Accounllmured 10 SlO," by NellA 



· INCLUDES 
SPECIAL SECTION 

AASA Supplement 

June 2,1972 

Vol. 16 

No~ 22 

UCLA Reprographic Service 



Living a contradiction AASA beginnings ~eviewed; 
Your hair i' black, you,,".. ....i.. you "ally "aro The Peop~.f <.I.rr.main peop~ Same pr ob I ems stili fa c ed 

is ye\1ow. Your eyes are clear Japanese-Americans who were of color. 
crescents, your ancestors are "allowed" combat in WWII If you are not comfortable 
from across the Pacific. You formed one of the most with the white culture or white 
are ASIAN. decorated units ; they also values, if you are still Asian, 

The Asian-American Student 
Alliance at UCSD is a volunteer 
group of individuals united 
towards these main objectives 
- to promote Asian-American 
identity, cultural awareness, 
and to re instill a sense of 
community and recognition of 
common purpose and common 
circumstance. It is the intent of 
AASA that its members work 
with and provide manpower 
into areas of prime importance 
which are directly related to 

From grammar school you 
recited the Pledge of 
Allegiance and sang the 
National Anthem. You loved 
ball games and consumed 
hamburgers and Coca-Cola 
with fervor . You are 
AMERICAN. 

You live a contradiction, 
immersed within a white 
culture . You strive for 
material well-being, an 
instilled white value ; you 
cherish large breasts, the white 
standard of beauty. Your 
friends are white ; even your 
lover may be white . Yet you 
are not white - you are yellow. 
You can never be white, no 
matter how your mind thinks 
or your heart feels . You are 
ASIAN. 

sustained one of the highest come and investigate your 
casualty rates . Asians identity. Learn about Asians in 
succeeding financially quickly America from Asians like you ; 
moved away from other yellow don ' t accept the great 
people and into white areas, whitewash of your cultural 
hopang to be swallowed by the heritage done by American 
Great American Melting Pot history. Come and talk with 
and Acculturation Machine. your brothers and sisters who 
But as we can see from the want to understand your Asian-
black and chicano experience, American experience. Come 
only white melts into society. and meet your people. 

You may go for years without 
realizing your identity. You 
may only sense "not fitting in" 
the white culture. The truth of 
your identity comes close to 
surfacing when people call you 
"Flip," "Chink," " Nip," or 
"Gook." Why do they call you 
these dirty names? To you 
these names ' meant people 
killed in movies to protect 
freedom and justice for all! It 
is too difficult to accept that 
you are not one of the beautiful 
people. You try to ignore these 
assaults and continue to accept 
white culture.and to prove how 

Rodel Rodls of KALA YAAN, ODe of tbe key DOte speabrs of the Pilipino People's 
SamabaD, tells the brothers and sisters to-sap port the revolutionary struggle in the ' 
PbUJipines. 

Pilipino People's Samahan held at SDSC 
The Pilipino People's Samahan (collective) held at San 

Diego State College last March was another step forward in the 
continuously advancing Pilipino movement in America. 

The conference, which had for its major theme PANAHON 
NA!. (The Time is Now) drew close to 600 delegates from the 
Pilipino communities and colleges all over California. Hawaii , 
and Washington. The major sponsor of the conference was the 
Ad Hoc Committee of Pilipino Student-Community Affairs 
(now called the Samahan) of San Diego State College. The 
other co-sponsors were the Samahans from University of 
California. San Diego. Southwestern Junior College. San Diego 
City College. and the Pilipino Youth Alliance of San Diego. 

PUipiDo Farmworkers 

Gone were the welcoming addresses delivered by the local 
raccist mayor and the consul general of the puppet republic of 
Philippines .. . a traditional feature of past conferences. 
Instead Kapatid (brother) Andy Imutan. vice-president of the 
United Farmworkers. AFL-CIO, was first on the agenda . He 
spoke 01 the condlltons 01 the Pilipino farm workers in the farm 
valleys of California and of their resistance to the exploitation 
and oppression inflicted upon them by the giant agri-business 
corporations. He emphasized that it was the Pilipino 
farmworkers back in 1965 who started the strike that sparked 
the formation of a strong farmworkers ' union that today fights 
for the just ri~hts of the farmworker throughout the country . 

Ka Rodel Rodis of the KALA Y AA I progress ive Pilipino 
monthly newspaper' then attempted to outline the 
cornerstones on which the movement would be genuinely 
progressive ... the Kilusan (movement ' must struggle against 
racism and di crimination . for justice and equality. it must 
struggle against exploitation and oppressIOn and support the 
working class struggle : it must fight again t U.S. imperialtsm 
and support the revolutionary struggle of the Piltpino people 
for national democracv . He further stressed the need for 
organization as the basis for the development of our collective 
strength. Two other keynote speakers were Kapatld Ester 
Soriano from the Search to Involve Pilipino-Americans (SIPA , 
of Los Angele and Paul Bagnas of the San Diego State 
Samahan. 

Pilipino-American Culture 

After the introductory speeches. the " Ating Tao" Cultural 
Troupe from San Francisco presented a number of skits. some 
of which dealt concretely with the problem of the PiJipino 
people in America. Many delegates related strongly to the 
" Identity Skit. " in particular. which demonstrates many of the 
racist stereotypes that American society has of the Pilipino 
people. After the skits , poetry was recited . The poetry 
recQunted in verse the ordeals of the Pilipino people in 
America. 

Most of the two-day convention was given to smaller 
workshops. Topics were relevant and to the point. There were 
workshops on organizing. communications, education, 
employment, art and culture. urban and rural Pilipinos. 
students and the community. the Pinay (Pilipino Women ) in 
the struggle. Filipino people's struggle in the Philippines, 
Pilipinos and other minorities and the Philipino Student 
Movement in the United States. 

A major resolution that received unanimou endorsement 
concerned the movement's support of the national democratic 
struggle in the Philippines. It reads. " We delegates to the San 
Diego Pilipino Conference, express our active support and firm 
solidarity with the people 's national democratic struggle in the 
Philippines. against the vicious oppres ion by the nited tate 
imperialism, dome tic feudalism and bureaucratic capltali m. 
Although we are here 10 America . we will never forget that our 
mother country is the Philippine . 

"Therefor . we firml y re olve to educate the rest of our 
people here In the Umh;d State about the true nature of the 
Philippine ociety. if only to correct th long vear of gro 
mi education of Pilipino about th Ir mother country We 
realize that the pre ent Plllplno organization ar trying to 
unite and recogmze our cultural background 

"But a challenge is now being mad to them to be more 
aware about the situation in the Philtpplne and make It more 
relevant to our daily live . Thi i to make ure that toda.y and 
in the coming time . we will nev r be fooled again by 
benevolent assimIlation and that we realtze that lh futur of 
our people in the PhlltpPlne I al 0 our future . " 

the image and well-being of the 
Asian-American and his 
community. AASA feels that 
some of the prime needs are 
cultural and ethnic awareness, 
education, community service, 
leadership training, and acting 
as a mediating liaison agent. 

AASA was started at the 
beginning of the 1970-71 
academic year by two Asian 
students at Third College. Its 
membership now includes 
students from all three colleges 

at UCSD. 
AASA members worked 

through the Educational 
Opportunity Program last year 
in recruitment of Asian-
American students in high 
schools and junior colleges 
throughout California. Faculty 
recruitm ent was also 
undertaken to obtain Asian-
American instructors for 
future Asian Studies courses at 
UCSD. 

A number of conferences 
were attended by AASA 
members, such as Amerasia 

. and the Asian-American 
Studies conferences at UCLA. 
They also participated in the 
Asian Contingent which 
marched along with other 
Third World Peoples during the 
May 24 Peace March at San 
Francisco. 

The AASA office at UCSD is 
currently enlarging Its library, 
which wtll mclude newspapers, 
periodicals, arttcles, and books 
on Asian-Americans. 

We in AASA, hope to provide 
a forum for As:an-American 

self~efinition and expression 
on issues relevant to problems 
and needs of cour community. 
We hope to conttnue to gain 
self-knowledge and ASIan 
awareness by our collective 
efforts with ASIans, on all 
levels, to build our own true 
identity as Asian-Americans. 

rite Rising Sun 01 
Japanese militarism 

At the end of World War II. 
the American government pro-
mised the world it would des-
troy the roots of Japanese mili-
tariam and insure that Japan 
would never again rise as a 
military threat to its neighbors. 
Initial steps were taken to 
democratize Japan through 
major social reforms, purging 
the militarists and breaking up 
the Zaibatsu, the hugh military-
industrial-banking com glome-
rates. In the U.S.-Japan Se-
curity Treaty, the U.S. took the 
right to " maintain inter-
national peace and security in 
the Far East. " Japan adopted a 
peace constitution with the pro-
vision, " land, sea and air 
forces . as well as other war 
potential will never be main-
tained." 

But in tability in Asia and 
the rise of popular revolu-
tionary movements forced 
America to re-evaluate Japan' 
role to becom an economIc 
and militarv ally of the 
Thus the Za'ibatsu , like MIt UI . 
Mltsubl. hI and umitomo, were 
gIven aid rather than betng dl. -
mantled With the turn of hlna 
to communism and then the 
Korean War . Gener a l 

~acArth\lr authonzed he 
creatIon of a 75.000 man 

Nat\~nal Poltce Reserve In 
which hundred of former 
impertal officer found Job 
Thl paramllttary force ha 
grown to 286,000 men. and Itke 
Germany betw n the world 
wars, It is heavIly over-

officered (90,000 officers ) to 
permIt a rapid expansion on 
short notice Japan al 0 
maintains a national police re-
serve of 100,000 men . 

No Miracles 
Much ha been made of the 

"economic miracle" of Japan 
and its reemergence as a world 
power. But this " miracle" ju t 
like the economic growth of 
Europe and America has been 
based upon the exploitation of 
Third World peoples. The large 
business concerns reemerged 
unscathed from the War, and 
Japan's economic development 
continued to rely upon a rising 
arm production and fore ign 
expan ion to insure growth. In 
the 1950's. war reparation 
were used a a context for pro-
VIding Japane e entry into the 
economies of A ia . Foreign aiti 
grants and loans furthered thl 
penetration of Japanese inve t-
ments . 

.Iapan ha now taken ome of 
th re pon Ibilttv of honng up 
fal tering reactlOna rv re~lmes 
ReI'ently Japan ha unk $27 
mliiton In uth VIetnam 
publIC \\ or k. p roJec t . 
Japan se In\o e tments on 
Tai\,an have rN hed th point 
wbe. fuIl J half of Tai\\an'. 
foreIgn trade pa se through 
I/lf> Ninti j <4 I fWIIflf' 1 ... ri.,,1' 
conglom rate Japan todav I 
repla lllg the l a . the major 
Inve tor In ThaIland I' re:t ond 
oth r Ian countn 

AASA Supplement Page 1 



s must take initiative "Peace means something only when It goes with non-intervention 
to correct miseducation From non-Vietnamese peoples" I would like to tell you very brieRy IIOIDe of prevent the French ,OYernmeDt from signing 

the Geoeva acnements, u you know from the 
Pentap Papers, but with .. -=cess. U.S. 
policy from llere is well known 10 you. but for 
tbe Vietnamese it was but one more foreign 
invader to be driven out. 

Tbougb we consider 
ourselves individually 
fortunate to be in college, 
many times we IS Asian-
Americans do not think about 
the bistorical circumstances 
bebind why so many of us are 
able to be here. In many of our 
families we grew up with 
particular respect for 
education. We were also told 
that minorities had to face 
racism and discrimination and 
that if we wanted to get ahead, 
a superior education was 
essential. Our immigrant 
parents and grandparents, 
finding this not to be a "land of 
opportunity," were dedicated 
and ambitious towards their 
cbildren, working extremely 
hard, hoping their children 
would have it easier. Many 
Japanese had their plans 
ruined when their farms and 
shops were lost during the war , 
and many had difficulties 
finding work after the war. But 
our parents continued to 
persevere for their cbildren 
with the goal of seeing their 
children through college, a goal 
seen as an important measure 
of status and achievement as 
well as an automatic ticket to 
tbe good life abead . 
ConSidering the sacrifices to 
bring us here, we have a 
responsibility, not only to 
ourselves, that we spend our 
time wisely. 

Makla, It 

But . with this limited 
economic advancement, our 
people suffered a beavy social 
price. In trying to assimilate 
and be accepted by the white 
majority society, we learned to 
be soft-spoken, not to draw 
attention to ourselves, and not 
to be forceful. We often take it 
for granted that any minority 
that works hard can " make it, " 
and we are not sensitive to tbe 
problems and needs of other 
Asians and minorities , 
forgetting our own pasts of 
lynchings, the coolie trade, 
serving as Navy mess "boys, " 
relocation camps, etc. We do 
not realize that it is much 
easier for the white majority to 
accept and accomodate a 
sizable portion of about one 
mill ion Asians, than to accept 
22 million blacks or 15 million 
chicanos. 

Another part of the social 
cost is what we have lost in 
terms of our Asian heritage. 

Our lI'andpareats brought a 
culture Itroa&ly rooted in 
them, and the uniformity of 
behavior In I'IIOIt of our parents 
is a reflection of this. But 
because there WIS always a 
lack of communication due to 
laapage differences, the fact 
that our lI'andparents were so 
busy working, and from 
specific aspects of their own 
character. we and our parents 
have only a very limited 
taowledge of our cultural and 
social heritage. Recognizing 
we are not fundamentally 
different from non-Asians, we 
still are unaware of the 
components in our character 
that result from our ethnic 
inberitance and the Asian-
American experience, and 
those aspects we have 
absorbed from the mass 
culture. 

Lealllia, 0tIr palt 

We hav'e definite and 
important things to learn about 
ourselves in the areas 01 
culture , history and 
psycbology, and college 
presents the best and perhaps 
only opportunity for us to learn, 
if we make it serve our needs. 
We want to understand the 
values and norms of Asian 
Village life around the time our 
ancestors emigrated. What 
relationship to the land and 
wbat occupations and 
education did they have? How 
were women, children and the 
aged treated in the family? 
Wbat Ambitions and 
motivations led our parents 
and grandparents to leave their 
homeland? answers to these 
sorts of questions will help us 
understand why we have been 
sucessful in farming and 
gardening, why our families 
are like they are, and give us a 
better understanding of 
ourselves. Studying our pasts in 
this way, we will also learn to 
understand bow the 
components of culture and 
group cb!lracter are formed 
through' the influences of 
geography, climate, ethnic 
influences and historical 
circumstances . If we 
understand the historical basis 
behind the racial myths 
Americans have about Asians 
we can learn to attack and de-
mythologize these impressions. 

Cult.ral Traditions - Asia 

If we are determined to get a 

the history of V ietnarn 10 tbat you will better 
cood education, wby do we uadentaad why we have bid war in Vietnam 
spend 10 much of our time · and what it will take for Ibis war to ead. 
learning western civilization Vietnam bas a 4OIJt.year IUstory. For most 
aU over apin? Humanities; of these _ yean, Vietnam has been 
literature, fine arts, history - occupied by forelp countries. The Chinese 
wbere are we included in all occupied Vietnam for more than lGOO years, at 
thiS? Our needs as a minority one time, and several times later. each for a 
are forgotten . Even Asian few hundred years. During these 1000 years, 
Cultural Traditions at Muir is there WIS a lot of fighting until we were able 
geared towards developing a to drive the Cbinese out. 
sense of "emotional empathy" Then in 1858 came tile Frencb. Vietnam 
for Asian culture amongst the became a colony of France for nearly 100 
thick-skulled ethnocentric years, but not without fierce struggles. 
whites . The class focuses on 
the 110re unusual, spectacular 
and trivial aspects of life, 
e~ially the indulgences of 
the rich. No effort is made to 
try adsruct some picture o( 
past Asian life, because the 
topics are covered in a 
spuerficial manner, sometimes 
with guest lecturers who tell 
racist jokes. 

The commanding question 
for us is whether we are going 

. to try to change the situation. 
Improving our education 

demands initiative on our part 
to approach the administration 
on relaxing requirements and 
setting up our own lI'oup 
studies in the fields we're 
interested in. Next year, due to 
efforts by Third College 
Asians, we should have two 
teachers in fields in Asian-
American studies who can help 
us. We can also push the 
Linguistics Department to 
offer beginning Japanese. 

Let us realize that none of us 
are going to be good at putting 
together these efforts at first. 
As Asian-Americans it is not 
part of our past character to 
speak out first , to confront 
authority and demand changes. 
But the experience and the 
ability to make these kinds of 
decisions for ourselves, to be 
able to speak out and effect 
changes, this too should be an 
important part of our 
educational experience. 

In UNO when Hitler occupied France. the 
French administration in Vietnam let the 
Japanese come into Vietnam.. and the 
Japanese virtually controlled the country. In 
March, IM5, tbe Japanese made a coulHle-
etat to overthrow the French and take official 
control of Vietnam. 

During this time, because of tbe . intensive 
bombi.., by the U.S. the production of coal in 
North Vietnam was stopped and the Japanese 
had to burn rice as a substitute fuel. As a 
result, two million Vietnamese starved to 
death. 

From 1940 on Ho Chi Minb staged a guerrilla 
war against the Japanese with assistance from 
tile U.S. 

On August 19, 1945. four days after the 
Japanese surrendered to the allies, Ho Chi 
Minh came to Hanoi to declare the inde-
pendence of Vietnam. 

The Allied troops came to Vietnam to 
disarm tile Japanese. Chiang Kai-sbek 's 
troops took responsibility from Da Nang to the 
north, while British troops disarmed the 
Japanese from Da Nang to the south. 

British troops took weapons away from the 
Japanese, only to give them back to the 
French who had been jailed by the Japanese. 
Now tbe French, with weapons from the 
British, started the war to retake Vietnam as 
their colony for the second time. 

That began nine years of hard fighting until 
the French were defeated at Dien Bien Phu in 
19M and agreed to sign the Geneva agree-
ments. 

The U.S. has been financing the French to 
fight in Vietnam since the 1950's . In 1954 Mr. 
Nixon, Vice-President, proposed dropping 
atomic bombs to save Dien Bien Phu . For-
tunately. nobody agreed. Then the U.S. tried to 

Are UIe Vietnamese interested in peace? 
Yes, but peace alone means aot.hin&. Peace 
means something only when it goes with 
justice, unification, independence. non-inter-
vention from non·Vietnamese peoples. Nobody 
wants a peace in which his ,oven.IeDt Is con-
trolled by foreign powers. where his people 
are divided and made to hate each other. But 
this has been tbe situation in Wetoam since 
tile Americans came in. North .,aiast South. 
Catholics against Buddhists. miliUry against 
students. Communists against non-Com-
munists .. . and if this continues. we will 
gradually become two different countries. 

P_'I 

As for POW's, these men are not officially 
prisoners of war because the U.S. has not 
admitted that it is at war with North Vietnam. 
Thus the Geneva Convention does not apply to 
tllem. 

After every bombing mission. these 
rnen(American pilots) ('ome home with 
whiskey, dancing, and girls waiting for them 
while the people wounded by their bombs will 
be suffering for tlleir whole lives. Have they 
given thought to think about tile misery they 
have done to tbe Vietnamese? Never. They 
think that what they are doi.., is rigbt , that 
they are professionals who do their job well. 
and they are heroes. 

People have been willing to buy these POW's 
with a lot of money. Can millions of dollars 
buy back the lives of 100,000 Vietnamese? Can 
this money buy back the happiness for these 
families? Can this money transform cbildren 
who lost arms and legs by bombs back into 
normal children? I myself have had this ex-
perience because my own sister was killed by 
bombs dropped by the French. who stated that 
they were only bombi ng military targets. This 
is the same thing the U.S. has said , but then 
what do they use anti-personnel bombs for? 

So far North Vietnam has released nine 
POW's. What are they doing now? They are 
helping training new pilots to bomb North 
Vietnam. 

As far as the numbers of missing-in-action 
are concerned, most who having been missi.., 
for four or five years should be listed as 
captured or dead. Listing them as missing 
gives the family false hopes, while enabling 
the Nixon administration to keep the death 
figures low . 

Japan: Re-emergen(e of the Rising Sun 
By 1975 it is estimated that 

Japan will have to import 90 
per cent of its raw Q1aterial 
needs, a figu re which is cur-
rently doubling every 10-12 
years . This situation has led to 
a desperate search for new 
foreign resources and markets 
throughout the world . 
especially in Asia. These 10' 

cations can be used for those 
industrial activities which are 
highly pollutant or have 
undesirable byproducts for an 
advanced and concentrated 
nation. It is lhis expansionist 
economic policy that is pro· 
viding the basis of a new 
Japanese empire. 

A New Ace 

of Asia. Three such people's 
struggles will be described. 

Pilipino People's Sam.ahan 
"Here again we find the 

shape of the New Pacific Age . 
where a new order will be 
created by Japan and the 
United States. " proclaimed 
Prime Minister Sato in 1969. 

The struggle of tile Okinawan 
people for reversion to Japan 
and a demilitarization of the 
island attacks the total pre-
dominance of the American 
military in Asia . In its stra-
tegic locatiQn , Okinawa hosts 
117 U.S. hases that cover 44 per 
cent of the arable land. The 
American presence has re-
sulted in a deflated pay scale in 
which the percapita of 
Okinawans is but 60 per cent of 
the mainland Japanese. There 
is also the annihilation of tradi-
tional village life. when as 
many as 3S,OOO of the young 
women make their living as har 
girls. prostitutes or maids to 
American servicemen. Despite 
the fanfared reversion of 
Okinawa two weeks ago, very 
little is likely to change any-
thing. As the representative of 
the Japanese American Citi-
zens League. in Japan to 
receive an important award. 
said. "to most observers, while 
this agreement would theoreti-
cally reduce American military 
operations from Okinawa after 
reversion .... the freedom of tile 
U.S. to use its bases in Japan 
!including Okinawa) would be 
considerably enlarged ." 
Protesting the terms of 
the Security Treaty. Asian 
Americans in Los Angeles 
forced the Little Tokyo bigwigs 
to cancel Salo's " tour of the 
community." 

The dependency upon foreign 
companies for Japan's huge oil 
needs has resulted in the 
seizure of the Tiao yu Tai 
islands . The~ islands, geolo-
gically and geographically on 
China's continental shelf have 
been used for centuries as a 
storm shelter for Cbinese 
fishermen Seized by Japan in 
the Sino-Japanese War, Japan 
was forced to surrender all its 
seized possessions. But in 1951 , 
as a provocation to the People's 
Republic. the U.S. includell 
them ill the Ryuku trusteeship 
now in Japanese hands. In 1968, 
a U.N. commission found 
evidence of oil fields, and 
Japanese warships drove the 
Chinese fishermen off the 
island . This has resulted in 
what the NEW YORK TIMES 
called the largest outpouring of 
protest r I'QIlI overseas Chinese 
since the establishment of the 
People's Republic . 

Another resolution expressed 
support for the farmworkers' 
struggle : "We propose that 
each Pilipino student group 
represented here at thi s 
Samahan go back to their 
respective c )ll~munities to 
establish COlT munity support 
co mmittees to mobilize 
students and tIther Pili pmos to 
volunteer tI eit time and 
energy in bu:lding the Pablo 
Agbayani Re irement Village 
in Delano." 

Also. " From th~ workshop on 
Pl lipinos and (,ther minorities. 
we would Ilk,! to propose a 
motion for Ihe San Diego 
Samahan Conference to 
support the struggle of the 
oppressed Pilipinos. poor 
whites and Third World people 
living in the International HOlel 
in Manilatown of San 
Francisco. to live without 

AASA Supplement Page 2 

harassment for the human 
right of hav ing a decent place 
to live." 

Interaatioaal Hotel 

Proposed resolutions from 
the other workshops concerned 
Lhe (ormation of a student-
commuOlty Salilahan steering 
committee with two 
representatives coming from 
each county : the formation of a 
progressive Pilipino press 

. associat ion composed of 
progressive community·based 
newspaper thaI would assist 
other cO!Tlmunities. 

From the urban workshop 
~ame the ' resolution that 
community organizations 
should have drug counseling as 

part of its activities with an 
emphasis on drug education for 
parents. and children. 

PllipiDo Women 

The Pilipino women ' s 
workshop discussed the status 
they hold in their society. they 
are oppressed by capitalism. 
racism and sexism. They saw 
the need to struggle alongside 
with and not apart from the 
Pilipino men for a better 
society. 

The San Diego Conference 
has set the foundation for the 
building of solid bonds between 
ourselves as Pilipinos - this 
makes our whole movement 
stronger . MAKIBAKA. 
HUWAG MATAKOT! 
I Struggle. do not be afraid I. 

Communiques with Nixon 
have stated that South Korea . 
Taiwan and the Malacca 
Straits are essential to 
Japanese security, and it is 
clearly implied thl« Japan 's 
sphere of defense will soon 
include the Phillipines. Hong 
Kong. Malaysia. Indonesia and 
Thailand. As Japan is assuming 
new economic and military reo 
sponsibilities in Asia. it has 
been conditioning the public to 
accept these changes. Text-
books now neglect .the mention 
of the pacifist statements in the 
consti tution and the media has 
been providing glorified images 
of the samurai. the bushido 
code. past Japanese aggreSSive 
wars and war criminals. 

With the resurgence of mili· 
tarism. there are also forces 
growing to opppose this 
direction. in Japan and the rest 

at~! Do not: ~ --U<1~! 

Lumumba-Zapata" 
Cornbread aDd tempura. 
Hey, lady, how's it lOi..,? 
Chorizos con buevos. 
Wow, I could sure dig on some cha shu 

and rice. 
35% Black. 
"Do yourself a favor; educate your mind." 
people to meet, places to ,0, things to do. 
"Now Eli, you get the hell out of my room! ! 
Shit! I am tryin' to study. Out. out, out!" 
Good night. darlin . ' 
35% Chicano. 
Hey bendejo, que esta pasando? 
Viva La Raza. 
Hey man, where you from? 
Chula Vista, EI Centro. National City, 

Boyle Heights .. . 
17%. 
"Gimme Shelter." 
Equal Representation. 
You have no color, whitey. 
Black is a state of mind. 
"All my life I've seen black men die 
because of the whiter man. And I feel 
slighted. Slighted because I know that equal representation for 
the whites will lead to their 
demanding equal proportion in the college." 
Right on, right on, right on, right on (sic" 
That man Shaft is a bad motherfucker. 
[n order to compensate for past and present 
injustices and to serve those affected 
by white racism and economic exploitation, 
Lumumba-Zapata College must have an 
enrollment of 35% Blacks and 35% 
Mexican-Americans. 

- Lumumba-Zapata demands. 

"Hey man, wait a minute. I am Chicano and my 
people helped get this college started but 
Lumumba-Zapata College is for Third World 
people. We should be tryin' to help our 
Asian and Native American brotbers and 
sisters! " 
Right on, right on. right on. right on ! 
Simon esse! 
6% Asian. 
Twenty Asians om Third. Wow. 
2% Native Americans. 
Board of Directors. One black. one Chicano. 
one Other. 
"The denial of equal representation is a result 
of the nationalistic paranoia that threatens 
to internally destroy Lumumba-Zapata College. 
The needs of Asian American and Native 
American students must be met. .. -A Black 

brother. 
Hey. what role do I take today? 
Ob. it (eels so good to take myself away 
into the skin of anotller. 
But isn't it a way of understanding 
of achieving knowledge. 
of being more sensitive? 
I wa nt to perceive the way you perceive. 
I want to know your hurts. 
Even though I never met you. 
But isn't it Brotherhood? 

The concept : A school whOse goal is self 
determination for all Third World peoples 
through defining our own needs. developing 
appropriate means of re-education in which 
self ·education should become our basic 
principle. and applyi.., this knowledge to the 
resolution of Third World people's problems. 

The first week. 
I was scared and feeling just a little bit shy. 
But the whole concept of the place. the idea 
of ils birth 
was so beautiful . 
Ilet my mind run free. imagini.., the college 
as Angela had . when she'd wrillen the demand : 
Lumumba-Zapata College. A college. 
a sc hool. a place to learn. For Third World 
people . For all oppressed people. For 
people of color. 
So. so beautiful. 

They assigned me a roommate one day. 
A white girl from Whittier . (Honky-town, 

California. ) 
Hey" what is this? She has no color. 
What's sbedoing here? 
Db well, make the best of it. Just don't 
let her get too close; then sbe can't hurt you. 
"Where'd you go to high school?" slle asked. 
"L.A. Higb.' ' I said. 
"Where's that?" asked Roommate . . 
"In L.A .. " I said . 
No more small talk . 

the second week. 
Definitely a feeling of Brotherhood. 
Started meeting lots of people . People 
f rom tile ghettos , tile barrios. 
Majority of the dorm was Chicano. 
But girls in my suite were all black. 
Roommmate and I were the only non-blacks. 
The black chicks weren't too friendly . 
I couldn't understand. An Asian e~lter 

explained. 
" You said your roommate is white? Wow. 
that makes it even worse.The B.S.U. is 
very strong llere. Their women are "black 
queens." The black guys aren't supposed to 
get involved with any non-black chicks. but of 
course some of them try. Now, suppose some 
black cbick finds out that her man is trying 
to make it with you. Well, she doesn't say 
a thing to him. She can't because he's her 
man. But she's after your butt because ... 
well, that's how it is ." 

A while later. 

RiJHlffs were getting to be a big problem. 
Food. bikes, soap . stereos, dope, underwear. , 

more food .. . 
" Ripoff from the System, not from your 

brothers &I sisters ... 
To ease tension headaches we smoke. 

and listened to Cbeech &I Chong. . 
Even though Nationalism was holding back 
the progress of uniting the students as 

Third World people. 
people still managed to get along. Eating 
together, cooking together. just plain 
living tOl!ether . 

• - Karen Saito 

Asian view of 
the MoveDlent 

What we want: 
We resent the good "oriental" image of being quiet. submis-

sive. and polite' 
• 

We are against the genocide of our fellow Asians in Southeast 
Asia and in America . 

We see the decay of our communities as we realize America 
is going down . 

We know that our problems aren 't just inward as they tell us 
to " shape up and go through changes in favor of the ystem." 

• 

We see in a depressed economy that jobs and educational 
opportunities are not available. And when such conditions exist 
Third World minorities are pitted against each olher even 
more. 

We see that America has always demanded conformity and 
Asian-Americans have gone through the bleaching process 
just hard and have lost themselves through the rejection of 
their own culture and physical beauty in hopes of finding accep-
tance in western civilization. 

The basic policy wben our parents and grandparents arrived 
here was that of rejection and denial. No one knows the story of 
the Chinese history of oppression as laborer 's in the mines and 
railroad building in America . or the Japanese incarceration 
during World War n. or the race riots and exclusion laws 
imposed upon the Filipino immigrants. 

• 

We promote the concept of pluralism-we do not live in a 
vacuum-other minorities . as well as the dominant white 
culture, are equally naive about us, so too are our people 
equally naive about others. Therefore we must engage in 
dialogue with others who have been systematically mis-
educated. 

The binding forces of our Asian movement are the racist 
stereo-typing (that we all look alike ) imposed by while Ameri-
ca and the identity we sbare with our Asian people who are now 
struggling against white imperialist America. stemming from 
our roots across the Pacific. 

We are also diverse. We range from fifth-generation descen-
dants of tbe earliest immigrants to Hawaii. to recent arrivals. 
We come from China, Japan. the Philippines. Burma. Guam. 
Samoa , India , Burma. Vietnam. etc. 

• 

Our movement is only two or three years old. Different 
t.rends and types of organizing are being worked out tbroughout 
the United States within our Asian-American communities. It 
is ridiculous to think in terms of one-dimensional strategy to 
try to make the diverse reality of the Asian-American experi-
ence fit into a single. narrow mold of analysis. It is foolish and 
it becomes destructive to achieving any kind of real unity. 

• 

Nationalism is used to enhance our community organizing. 
which is based on Third World unity. The Asian-American 
movement should be national in form (primarily 
organizing our own people I. and international in terms of the 
politics we apply and the goals we work towards. 

• 

This national form is necessary because the specific ways in 
which Wt bave been hurt are different from the ways in which 
other Tbird World people in this country have been hurt. For 

~hem . racism has meant the break-down of families through 
the inhumanity of institutions like welfare and the prisons; 
overtly unequal opportunities in income. housing. education. 
etc. Their oppress ion primarily takes a form visible and 
"feelable" in the external world. It is a day-l.cHlay concrete 
reality. The system outside of them is more visible as the 
enemy. 

But the ways that Asian:Americans have experienced racism 
are much less visible,and therefore much more internalized. 
Statistics show that Filipinos receive the lowest income among 
all minority groups. less than $3.000 a year, and the average 
educational level is only 9.0 years. also the lowest among all 
minority groups. Thus in the case of the Filipino you can see 
quite clearly what changes must come about. As for other 
Asians sucb as Guamanians. Samoans. and Hawaiians .. no 
one knows. 

* 

The success story the mass-media portrays about Asian-
Americans is a myth. For the Asian to reach acceptance in 
white. western America he had to strip all his soul of identity 
and culture to obtain his outward goals of a good job. etc. It 
takes the forms of passivity. nihilism, defeatism ; instead of 
being able to point at a concrete enemy outside of us. often we 
turn these feelings inwards. and repress our anger ; we have no 
identity. we have no reeling of helonging anywhere; we are 
alienated from our culture and national roots . 

• 

If we are to develop and promote !nternati.onal understanding 
and cooperation it must be built into our institutions. Right now 
Asian-Americans have been continuously mis-represented and 
systematically isolatea. White America ~ilI not totally see u 
because we are so culturally and physically different, and other 
Third World people do not see our indiv~ually unique reali ties 
of oppression : all they see is what the whitt-man portray of 11 
a the " model minority ," . 

* 

We all must "get it tOl!ether" Within our own groups and this 
research must be incorporated into a realistic critIque of Third 
World peoples in lhis country and abroad 

AASA Suplement Page 3 



Chuck LaCarrubba came to Georgia 
to ,make missile fuzing systems.~!'E= 

;:t=~ 
......., -..-. ....-- ---~ 
........................... .....--.. 
..... -.......... ~ ..... -
-................... . 

" 

• 

AASA Supplement Page 4 

TEi'Jder is the Night 
Don Spell.ns 

I've tried to go through as LP is a must for "mellow 
many records as possible that music" freaks . 
have been released in the last "The Bill Evans Album," 
52 w~ks, and I've come up The Bill Evans Trio (Columbia-
with what I consider to be this C 308551: In this instance, both 
year',s ten best albums. Here artist and product were 
they are , listed alphabetically : Grammy wmners this year. 

"Surf's Up," Beach Boys With Eddie Gomez on string 
(Warner Bros.-RS 6453 1: The bass and Martv Morrell on 
production work and the drums, Bill Evans is stHl, after 
material on this album are both at least 12 years of record-

u.c .•. d .• 'ud.n. c.r.mlc CO-Op ~ tremendously well done. The maktng, weavtng patterns with ways in which Brian Wilson has those 88's that nobody could 
blended the vocal and musical even attempt to imitate. He 
harmonies are quite unique and rarely lets you hear the note 
sound great repoduced from itself. but will constantly be 
the record . The Beach Boys hinting at all sorts of melodies. 
have returned (if, that is, they He plays both the Steinway and 
ever left) to the contemporary Fender-Rhodes pianos on the 
rock music scene, and their a I bu m w h ic h , in m V 

DaVIS, Badfinger, a chorus that 
consists of singers from all 
over the world , not to forget 
Eric Clapton who. plays almost 
every guitar lead that the 
album has to offer Included 
also is a claSSIC, not·to-be-
easily-forgotten performance 
by God .. uh . Bob Kylan In 
front of a fun-house at Madison 
Quare Garden. It·s not the best 
live recording. but who' to 
argue with success 

ceramics sale .. Aqualung." Jethro Tull (Reprise-?) : What can I say 
t'\3t you don 't already know. A 
great album by a genius Ian 
Anderson is perhaps the most 
talented and versatile musiCian 
that England has produced 
since Jethro Tull . This IS vet 
another album with the theme 
relating man 's relationship to 
the god that he created. but it is 
done with the utmost of taste 
and musical expertise A 

pott.ry 
.culp'ur. 

cr .... c.n •• r 
oPPo." •• ou.h •••• corner o. gym 

new album, a two record et, judgement, is the best jazz 
"Carl and the Passions" on one album of the year. I disc and a re-release of the "What 's Goin' On, " Marvin amazing " Pet Sounds" LP. Gaye (Tamla-TS 310 ): This is There will be another BB's an album that stands alone in 
special on TV this summer, the area of artist achievement 
this time from London. on disc . Produced and written 

"Saturate Before Using. " by Marvin Gaye, the album's 
Jackson Browne (Asylum-SO theme is that of love and 
5(51 ) : This is the first of a few respect for each human being 
lessons in simplicity that will on earth. Side one lra<!ks 
appear on this list of the year's through to emphasize the story 
best. An LA musician for a aspect of the record even more. 

,(_ number of years , Jackson An excellent orchestra that 
~ ..,~ Browne, with the help of David includes such greats as George 

Geffen 'S Asylum Record Benson on tenor, Mel Farr and 
Company, was finally able to Lem Barney in the chorus, and 
.get on diSC. With the aid'of such Max Janowsky on string bass, 
friends as Russ Kunkel , Jesse blends well with Gaye's crisp 
Davis and David Crosby among and beautifully clear vocals. A 
others, Jackson conveys his true classic. 

uperb LP. 
"Imagine," John Lennon 

(Apple-SW 3379 ): Lennon is 
THE genius .. 

"Lay It All Out," Barry 
Mann (New Design-Z 31m6 ): 
Barry Mann wrote a song 
called " On Broadway." do you 
remember? Well. he 's finally 
gotten an album on the market 
and it's pretty good to say the 
least. It 's most outstanding 
feature is the excellent 
production work and good 
pressing of the record itself_ 
Barry plays piano to the songs 
on the album, all of which he 
had a hand in writing. Part two 
in just how nice simplicity can 
be. 

" Sons for Beginners ." 
Friday and SIIturd8v there will he a ceramic .. Ie by those Itudentl who have heen worklnB in 
the ceramlea worbho'p. , . 
The show and .. Ie wID he in the craft cenler buUdi .. Ihal i. located hetween BODD~r Han 

n~d the Gym. Everyone il welcome 10 browse and buy allbe workshop .ale. 

message not only through his "The Concert for Bangia 
sensitive and meaningful Desh," George Harrison and 
lyrics, but also through his assorted artists · (Apple-STCX 
s imp I e b,ll t c rea t i ve 3385 ): A discography of the 
arrangements. He is best Harrison-produced concert 
known for his compositions of that raised $243,000 for the East 
"Rock Me On The Water" and Pakistanis. The album features 
"Doctor My Eyes." but the ' Harrison, Ravi Shankar, Billy 
entire album is quite good. This Preston. Leon Russell . Jesse 

Graham Nash (ATLANTIC-SD 
72041 : Part three in just h(lW 

And the Last Shall Go First 
Tom Lindberg 

Out of the pale blue haze of unwaranted literary obscurity . 
prevailing over this indulgent scientific community, has lately 
emerged a band of renegade writers speaking up with 
determination and the help of a few vital bucks from the 
selective budgeteers in administration. The Visual' Arts 
Department spoke first wi.th the Movie Geel!. a collection of 
acerbic. finely detailed accounts of contemporary cinema. and 
although the response continues to be mild . the Geel! is 
persistently top quality film criticism. Latest on the scene is 
the Last Review, creation of various persons in and about the 
Literature Department. and hopefully the publication will not ' 
hold too closely to the impermanance its title suggests. 

Curiously. what contributes most to the strength of the 
magazi ne is its departure from a formality of strcuture ; 
launchi ng as it does with the delicate and distinctly personal 
verse of several contributors. proceeding with extended 
!iclion, essays. and a book review, the collection remains 
diverse and noticeably progressive. offering a wide choice of 
styles and intents for the discriminating reader. This newly 
outspoken group will surprise most people, for like the Movie 
Geek. the La.t Review contains not simply the seeds for future 

~E VN.eo"w ~EMA 
, ~NNOUNCE.5 
AN £XCJ.USlVE. ON~\J££1( E.t(~~D1E"Jr 
.-/ ~ F,ed.ericl\.. .~hton·s ""lIet 
G lA.LE5 Of BE..~T~ POTTE-I\...) 
NAY JJ -JUNE 6 PertOl'tned 

~E~rBAu.Er 
On the I1I'M f'!"8'"am we wJI 
f r(5ent Micu.l1bWU'" timcl~s 
~nd rOm.lntic fable ri dcwtioll 
tothe d&nCc:~ %.SHOC~ 

TALE.:' OF SEATJ\IX Por"rEJ\. "isht\}' It 7 0 10:60 
THE ~~~.-t.'tO . 
7't~o LA oToIta ~., La Jolla .,. • 

works of note , but presently blooming creations which almost 
seem anomalous in the atmosphere of precision and UCSD . 

Each author may perhaps be working toward an intangible 
and the sum total of the writings may indeed be nebulous if 
cohesive at all . but that defiance of exatitude is a charm that 
shol:ld be only more prevalent. Donald Wesling, literature 
professor at Muir and leading force in the publication of the 
Lut Review, brings that point into his sketch, UaderstaDdlng J_ M.lr, a plausible explanation of the ideas behind the man, 
the college named for him. and perhaps even the unfeigned 
words of the individuals in that idealized world : "Despite the 
tendency to disintegration. the fragmentation of knowledge 
which his whole century increased and which his own 
experience displayed. the glacial theory and many pages in the 
writings witness and imaginative and ethical sense of fact 
which could only come from a unified and original relation to 
the universe. a new way of seeing how man ca"n make of the 
world a home." 

The writers of the Last Review su tain in their creations just 
such a resistence to categorizing; the imaginative experiences 
are there , and the original viewpoints are refreshing . For a 
mere 50 cents the reader can partake of these diver~ views ; 
acceptance is not mandatory but the provocation is enough . 
You may pick up a copy at anyone of the usual outlets. 

Fashions ~ 

I' .... 

A NEW (AIARn OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT ••• 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAilY FlOM 11: ... 
UNTIL 2:tO l1li. 

4970 VOU AI .. OCIAN lEACH 
(714) 223-9773 

... for all your 
c10tbing Deeds from 
school days to Satur- ' 
dayaites. 
Jeus, casual wear, 
" Ioq dresses. 

.r. I: 

Coatill.ecl 08 Page 7 

If two heads are better than one, then why not. .. The 
precariously pedal problems prosed by Fire Chief Bennett 
McClellan . as viewed by Carla Allums in a scene from 
lonesco's THE BALD SOPRANO, part of the drama clubs 
evening of one acts "!", along with Feiffer's CRAWLING 
ARNOLD and Pinter's THE DUMBWAITER. One night 
only. tonighl U.CoS,D. Theatre. 8 p.m. 

~CIN 'LEO~ 
944 GARNET, SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

GilA T OU) MOVIES C88-3353 

STARTING TONIGHT 
Adam's Rib 
Katherine J I('pnurn S/l~n(;er Truc) 

Camille 
GreW Gorbo 

The Theatre Wllere You 
Take it Lion Down 

......·Thurs.7I. MM. S..,G "" & Set, 7.', & 11:00 

-



,... . 

_ ....... _;.. ·L_ 

,1 Summermurals and 
Capture the Fla'g 

Fear not summer students, Intramurals are open to all 
there will be intramurals UC summer students, staff and 
durilll! the Summer Quarter for professors. And if anyone has 
people bleary~yed from books. forgotten, in order to kick off 

As always there will be the the Summer season, or bid fond 
pereMial competition in coed farewell to Spring Intramurals, 
softball, with tbe amount of depending on where you'll be 
teams depending on the for the next three months, 
turnout. There will be bad- there will be a gala intramural 
minton and volleyball open party tomorrow at Black's 
competition held at least one Beach for most of the afternoon 
night a week, which will proba- and perhaps the evening, For 
bly be organized on much the more on the party contact 
same basis as the Spring Astrid at the Intramural 
Quarter. • Office. 

If there is enough interest a Editor's Note : The following 
once-a-week round robin tennis was found on my desk with no 
tournament will be held . The explacation. For lack of a 
tournament will be organized better spot I have decided to 
on level of skill, and will include it with the Intramural 
include ,instructions for story. since it seems fairly 
beginners. similar in style. 

fEWorkshop 

Arter a hot and heavy two-
hour pitched battle, a victor 
finally emerged in Tuesday 's 
first "capture the flag" cham-
pionship as the Tioga 
Thumpers triumphed over the 
Tenaya Teetotalers, While 
admitting that it was close. 
such dazzling running exhibi-
tions by the "Palutney" aoo 
defensive brilliance by the 
" Phoenix Phriz" and the 
" Pope," finally turned the tide 
for our heroes. Losses were 
high on both sides due to the 
vicious defensive shows. but 
when the long awaited secret 
weapon was released "R" 
ruled the day. Belter luck next 
time gang! ! 

Water Polo "Wait Uniils" 
" . . 

Echo Through the Trees 
The rigorous scbedule of the 

sports atblete is summed up in 
the immortal words of an 
anonymous immortal television 
announcer: "wait until" and 
"only if." (Your guess of who 
this famed radio-television star 
is, is as good as mine, but some 
people suspect that he mas-
querades on campus under the 
disguise of a certain Gordon 
someone or other). This year's 
water polo team has managed, 
(not by much, however l. to 
pass the "only if" stage. Only if 
they had beaten Oxy they would 
have won the NAlA District III 
cbampionship and some beauti-
ful good-looking trophies to 
matcb. Only if Pickle hadn't 
been tbrown out of the game 
and only if, etc. 

Now, the ever-hopeful!yes of 
milliOlls of water polo players 
all over campus gaze into the 
rising sun of next year. (It 's de-
batable that people can see 
through much o[ the glare of 
the summer sun, however, and 
its awful hard to get polo 
players into shape after their 
easy lifeguarding job§-take 
need, Jimmy.) There is mucb 
optimism that "wait until" will . 
certainly hold some water, no 
pun intended, for next year. In 

• 

Six Weeks of Study 
& Fun ia Mexico 

JULY 11- AUG. ZO 
HiP Scllool, C'ollele StudeDts 

& TeKben 

any cue. sometbirig will 
happen. 

This and Delt year's coach, 
Fred Becker, spurred by tile IS-
5 record 01 last vear', ~m, 
has initiated efforts to move 
UCSD into the water polo big 
leagues, and next year 's 
scbedule is an indication of 
this. Besi~ the usual con-
tingent of lowly opponents, 
such as Claremont-Mudd, Occi-
dental and ever-hopeful 
Caltecb, the team will be enter-

tain~ some real "class,' next 
year. Some of nelt year's com-
petition at this mi nute will 
possibly include UC Irvine, and 
San Diego state. There will 
perhaps also he a trip up nortb, 
to play some of the better 
teams in the area, such as 
Berkeley, and Stanford. 
• Allegedly, this strategy was 

implemented to improve the 
team, and probably tbis year's 
team will be as good as last 
year's and eager for more im-
provement. Comeback starting 
performers from last year's 
team will include MVP Rick 
Parmer. Ricker's been in the 
goal aU his life, or at least 
since he was two, and looks like 
it. He is constantly improving 
and if he can manage to be 

nen year, the team will have a 
goalie. • 

Captaia Jimmy Stoner, one 
of tboIe "water polo rules tbe 
world" freaks, is expected to 
return and make trouble [or tbe 
other teams, as usual. Also ex-
pected to return is Rick 
Pickerell, if he can manage to 
avoid flunking out. Pickle is 
last year's Best Freshman 
award winDer and looks very 
good. 

Along witb these stars tbe' 
team is expectilll some fresb· 
man talent. No commitments 
have been made for certain, 
but as this year, the holes in tile 
lineup will probably be vied for amo.. a flock 01 incomilill 
athletes. 

Ostensibly, then, nen year's 
team will have a poorer record 
than Ibis year's, but will also 
be piayiDg mucb more difficult 
teams. For Ibis reason, tbe 
team should improve more aDd 
by the year after next, aDd 
could become a real power. 
Once again as the sun sets 
slowly in the west all over cam-
pus another group of athletes 
are saying to themselves, 
.. wait until. " 

SUMMER MUSIC SPECTACULAR! 

B. B.IlING 
The Physical Education De-

partment, is offering another 
workshop in dance featuring an 
exciting and highly skilled in-
structor. Ann Halprin, noted 
experimentalist and dancer, 
will be holding two sessions in 
dance exploration entitled 
"Myths." Both sessions will be 
held on Thursday, June 8, from 
three to five in the afternoon 
and seven to ten in the evening. 

Summertime Fun 
Accredited classes in Spanish, 
Mexican Culture, Art, Music, 
etc. at beautiful Monterry , 
Tee . Tuilion, board, room, 
laundry and trips-$425. For 
details, contact 01'. Martin, 
Hollywood High School. 1521 
N. Hi~hland Ave .. 
Hollywood, CA . 90028 

and 
Special Guest Stars 

ELCHICANO 

Miss Halprin is from San 
Francisco and has worked with 
theater people who have found 
her work exciting. Her most re-
cent experiment has been in 
"Dance Trance." 

Both workshops are free to 
UCSD students. faculty and 
staff . and is sponsored by the 
Modern Dance Club. For 
further information, contact 
Renee Cadena at X 2282. 

Letter Pick 
Ups Begin 
Monday 

Attention all successful 
UCSD athletes ! All intercol-
legiate letter awards will be 
available at the equipment 
cage in the gymnasium on 
Monday. June 5. Certificates of 
participa ior may be picked up 
in the Physical EducatIOn 
Office. TIe !Iames of thosc who 
are selel'\£ld to receive these 
prestigio IS awards are posted 
on the b.llletin board just out-

~idp Ihe J Ii1 orr:. ·" 

DR MI(HAU DEAN'S HYP· 
NOSIS ~ I'J) SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECOR ) for memory (on · 
cenlrolion, Educo' ionel ,ug· 
ge'l ion" weig hl red uciion, 
slop ,n ok in g , reloxol lon, 
olhlel ill. oya ilable 01 Ihe 
UCSD Book,Iore , Also Dr . 
Deon's books, 
Why Do We Jump to Conclu-
sions?, The Closed Mind, How 
to LolStn Misunderdondings, 
ond Understanding ond Being 
Und.r<leod. 

If you are interested in continued use of the school's athletic 
facilities but will not be attending classes over the summer the 
answer is a recreation privilege card, For $3 (five for a family 
plan ) you receive a card which entitles you to a permarM:nt 
locker assignment , towel issue, laundry service and equipment 
issue, 

• June 19 is the official date for the opening of the summer 
recreation season, which includes use of the gymnasium. 
swimming pool, the Santa Clara Pofnt sailing facility. and the 
golf driving range. However, prior to obtaining a Nautical 
Association membership card a swimming test must be 
passed. The pool and gym wiD be open at various hours seven 
days a week , while the driving range will be open on weekdays. 
and the sailing facility will be open on Friday. Saturday. and 
Sunday from the opening date in June to Sept. 18. 

Unlike the regular academic quarters. during the summer 
the pool may be used by families of recreation card holders 
and their guests at any time the pool is open (SOC per guest-
limit of two guests ). • 

All fees must be paid at the office of the Department of 
Physical Education. Availability of all recreational athletic 
facilities is contingent upon scheduled activities of the 
department or other approved campus functions . Also . it must 
unfortunately be mentioned that it is not advisable to bring 
any valuables to the gym as there has been a rash of thefts 
reported in recent months. and the trend is likely to continue 
throughout the summer. 

La Jolla's newest Inn place 

"",mer 
O\\Se 
INN 0 

A SUNSET IN EYE~Y ROOM 

ELAAIO'S C.nllntn,.1 Atlll.rlnt 

" .torie, of .leganc. 

1 ,. ,'r·conditloned room. 

'Ther.py poOl. and .. ~ftI. 
KitCMM" •• 

Hel" 01 Lo JoII. _II 

L. Jolil Shoru Dri.e ., 10".y Pine. Raid. L. JolIl. Cllif, 92037 
For _111oM Clii collect : (TIt) ut-02Il 

Page 6 Triton Times June 2, 1972 

t Semesters Higl! Scbool 
Credit 

6 College Credits 

OHIO PLAYERS 
FIIDAY 7 , 10:30 JUIE 2 

SAl DIEGO COLISEUM 
1485 "E" Street 

Tickets: $4 (advance) $5 (at doo·r) 
Phone: 232-4735 

Ri9.ht on! Vote for 

DUCATION 

JUNE 6 
PRIMARY 

San Diego Community College Districts pro-
posal Jo maintain and improve service to the 
community 

PAID FOR BY CITIZENS FOR COMMUNITY COLLEGES 
P.O. BOX 366, SAN DIEGO 92112 PHONE 233-8553 

Tender is the Night. .. 
effective simple lyrics and 
simple music can be in 
conveying aparticuiar feeling 
or emotion. It was all produced 
and arranged by ~raham Nasb, 

c.~ from PAle' 
and he solicited the help of 
some very musical friends 
including Dave Mason, the Rita 
Coolidge Ensemble, Jerry 
Gareia-, David Crosby , Bobby 

Keys, et ai, who all help to 
make the music even better. 
Most reviewers didn't like this 
album, but I [eel that it belongs 
in everybody's top ten. 

"Who's Next, " The Who 
(Oecca-DL 79112): Last in 
alphabetical • order, but 
certainly not least in musical 
creativity. The album was 
produced by The Who, but all of 
the recording was done by that 
nimble-fingered Englishman, 
Glyn Johns. Pete Townshend is 

.................................. as outrageous as ever. playing 

The DEL MAR INN Wishes to congratulate th 
ring's graduating class at UCSD. We wi 
lcome reservations for your guests at specia 

iff-season rates. 

",.'11' 12-16/double occupancy 

Here it is, the first of the 
year. You've got those 
old Spring-Quarter-
Where-Am-l-Going-To-
Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT til SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as 572.50 a month, 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things . Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you 'd like.to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 

after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

liVe 
as 
cheaplY 
as 

• 

720 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar, 755-9765 

SUBMARINE 
W. l FlELIS FIlM 

ImY .... CAllOOII 

LA PALOMA 
'ACIfIC ClAST IIWY A' • n. 
EIGIITAS 753-4397 
~~~ 
.... AY TIll TIllIS. 

~I\TUNIUNI'S l'USSU' 
Z~nlll!;KIE IIIIINT 

-MAIIUIN IUI"MIU I . HUM. 
going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... Iike fully built-in kitchens, 
terrific bedrooms, carpeting, drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And, perhaps 
best of all , all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
sOJou see, two really can live as cheaply 
an as elltravagantly as one ... and after all , 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

great guitar, dubbed stuff 
included, and an insane 
synthesizer part in " Won't Get 
Fooled Again." Keith Moon 
continues to demons rate his 
adeptness at playing 
percussion, and he can no doubt 
be called one of rock'n'roll 's 
best drummers . John 
Entwistle 's bass lines are used 

mostly to keep rhythmatic 
time, and Roger Daltrey 's 
vocals have fina lIy. broken 
away from the Tommy level , 
not to put down Tommy, and 
have matured admirably , The 
Who is rock 's primo stage act 
and have yet to release an 
unsound product. This is 
perhaps the album of the year. 

The Barnouw Case ... 
eo_tIDied from Page 4 
therefore , understandably surprised to learn in April that she 
had been approved for a lectureship rather than the assistant 
professorship for which she had been nominated. She was told 
that she would be considered again [or the regular faculty 
position the following year 11971-1972 ) and was told by the 
Chairman of the Literature Department that as far as the 
department was concerned the position was hers. 

In preparation for this reconsideration. however, a file on 
Dagmar was prepared by the acting head of the Germar 
section who had openly stated his intention to prevent Dagmar 
from getting the position. This file contained one solicited 
negative report on her teaching from a student and a five page 
negative evaluation of one of Dagmar's articles_ These were 
shown only to tenured members of the department and 
allegedly proved decisive for them , The decision by the full 
department of the preceding year to recommend Dagmar for 
an assistant professorship was reversed at a secret meeting of 
the tenured [acuIty . Dagmar has not been given a chance to see 
the nega,tive evaluation or to have evaluations of her work by 
scholars sympathetic to her critical position included in her 
file . She also does not know with any certainty what decided 
the tenured members of the Literature Department to reverse 
their earlier decision. 

This secrecy (not allowable in a court of law ) would seem 
critical in any case - in Dagmar's it seems even more so, 
given on the one hand the constant wavering between 
considerations of nepotism and alleged' worries about the 
quality of her scholarship. and on the other the repeated 
questioning of her professional seriousness on grounds that she 
is a wife and mother and the complaints about her 
"unfeminine" aggressiveness, This last is offensive enough, 
and it is certain that her mistreatment is to a great extent due 
to antifeminism on the part of faculty and administrators. But 
her case shows an even wider [ailing than antifeminism on the 
part of individuals. 

WboCla You Tn.l? 
However we explain this particular history, it shows : ( 1) 

that even the supposed intellectual elite cannot be trusted to 
act decently towards other human beings on their own (2) that 
the existing University procedures are insufficient to Insure 
that they will do so. Dagmar was repeatedly told that to look 
for another job would indicate lack of trust in the department. 
Where did her trust get her? The University had the use of her 
skills as a teacher and paid her with false promises. The 
standards used to decide on her appointment , even if they had 
been fairly applied , were inappropriate to the position. She was 
apparently not even given tbe benefit of due process since not 
all members of the department were consulted on the reversal 
of their decision of last year. And finally , no one has been 
honest enough (brave enough?) to tell her just why she has 
been denied the poSition for which she applied. 

As the supply of young Ph.D.s interested in university 
'Careers grows and continues to exceed the demand. we can 
expect to see this kind of treatment accorded not only to 
women, but to men. What seems to have happened is the 
integration of the university in American corporate society, a 
society whose chief value is the preservation of institutions. a 
society that strives to keep the system running smoothly at 
the expense of individuals. The university is being used - to 
provide appliable knowledge for advanced industrial society as 
well as to develop a managerial class - and in gratitude for 
its societal recognition has adopted the values (better : 
nonvalues ) of the society that uses it. Thus we witness the 
professed preservers of the humanist tradition sacrificing the 
well-being of another human being in order to "keep the 
department together." 

It is perhaps a moot point whether the University and [acuIty 
have been corrupted & lost a previous sterling moral character 
- or whether contemporary pres ures have simply allowed 
latent characteristics to blossom forth . It is clear. however, 
that unambiguous and fair procedure for dealing with 
appointments and promotions (such as the University Council 
of the AFT has recommended in its Critique of proposed 
changes in section 52 of the Policy and Procedure Manual ) 
must be adopted. not only to en ure that candidates will be 
treated as human beings rather than dispensable commodities. 
but to ave those in deci lon-making positions from 
them clves 

SUBJECTS 
Needed Over The 

Summer for 
psychology 
experiment 

involving eye 
mo\j'ements and 
decision making_ 

Please Sign Up In ... 
Room 4321 

Psych.fling. 81~ 
Muir,UCSD 

June 2, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



~-

GRANDOPENING! 
Bon Alre Bike Shop 
15~ S. Acacia, Solano Beach 

755-7211 
New 10 Speeds 

169.95 
(6/2) 
FOR SALE : large Coleman 
heater for camping. Never 
usedi paid sa, will for $38. 
Call Bob Woolf x2811 or 755· 
76«U. 

SUMMER TENNIS, for 
sale : new gutstrung pro 
racket, Italian made Sert, 
4% medium. Usually 550, 
now only $30. Call John 755-
7604 or leave message at 
x1972. 

612 

For Sale : '69 AUSTIN 
AMERICA, 5600 or best 
offer. Call 283-1478. 

(612) 

'62 Mercury Comet, Buck. 
Seats xclnt condo Must sell 
by 6/10. 453-8312 any time. 
(612) 

Just arrived from East 
Coast - want to rent or buy 
used 5- or lo-speed bicycle 
for summer. Also, I play 
rock and blues electric 
guitar: does anyone out 
there want to jam? Jon 
Bondy x-2185. 

MUST SELL, GOING EAST 
- '64 Grand Prix, 396, 
Power Steering and Brakes. 
New trans., new timing 
gears, air conditioning, etc. 
S850-best offer . 453-9057 
Kev in P.O. 6336. Must see. 

1971 Vega GT, 13,000 mi. 
Cust. Uphol., perf . cond ., 
sacrifice. 755-8025, 755-2646. 

Honda 150, 64 classic, must 
setl. Call Antonia x-2I17 or 
~731: 

WELL BUILT SWEDE 
'63 VOLVO 122 REBUILT, 
SS90. X-1724, Tom. 

1961 VW bug, sunroof and 
radio, eng. in good condo 
Sl000. 729-4349 aft. 6 p.m. 

Panasonlc Record Player 
AM-FM Radio. Under 
guaran'tee. $30. Sanyo BIW 
T.V. Perfect condition. 540. 
Contact Ian at 302 Galathea 
Hall, R.C . 

Volvo, 122S, '65. Very Good 
Condo 5750. Call Dave, X-
2584 or 755-7030. 

(6/2) 

DBLE Bed, Desk, Frig $30 
each. Price is negotiable. 
Call Judy 753-0453. 

WANTED : Books used in 
Econ la-1b series. 453-8532 
ask for Mike McGovern. 

(5/26) 

jobs 
San Diego Synagogue has 
openings for 2 youth 
Advisors starting Sept., 
1972. If interested & 
qualified, call Mr. Stone 463-
1558 or Mr. Dreifus 286-0751. 

(612) 

STUDENTS 
Blow your Mind this 
Summer with the Great 
Ideas Program. 

Earn 5600-5800 per Mo. as a 
Campus Rep. We will train . 

For Interview call 225-1231 
Mon. -Fri.10 :oo-2 :oo. 

(5130) 

Someone to drive car to 
Chicago aria (June 10). 
Camping Equipment 
avanable for use In route. 
Call 453-1906. 

Lllvlng SO for Summer. 
Will trade caretaking for 
living space. Linnea 459-
2790. 

EARN Sl00 
People needed for live-in 
experiment this summer . If 
interested in free 
room/board for two weeks 
plus Sl00 for participating, 
please leave your name and 
phone at 453-2000, ext . 2015 
or cOl"Qe to 4125 Bldg. 2C 
(Muir). Two weeks sessions 
can be scheduled to fit your 
summer plans. 

(612) 

housing 
ROOM AND BOARD in 
exchange for driving and 
childcare. Own Room. Call 
453-9215. 

Female roommate needed 
for Fall. Own room, 572.50 
per mo. Ocean view, furn., 
pool. 330 1st. No. 18, 
Encinitas. 

Fem roommate needed - 2 
bdrom house across -trom 
beach - Encinitas, Judy 
752-4775. 

1 female and 2 male 
roommates needed to 
share large mixed house in 
Del Mar for the summer. 
Call 755-0462. 
New Apts. 
1/2 block from bay. 5 blocks 
from ocean. 1254 Pacific 
Beach Drive, 1 & 2 bdrm. 
unfurn. Cable TV, 6 mos. 
lease. 272-7690. 

(612) 

Female wanted to share 2 
BDRM apt in PB starting 
immediately. 488-8086. 

IDEAL H~slng situation 
for a single girl; Share 50K 
house (near Mission Bey) 
with reclnt mall grad. 
Your own room, private 
bath, built-Ins, washer, 
dryer, stereo and other 
extras. Beautifully 
furnished. Your share 
S90/mo. plus occasional 
help with house (especially 
the plants). Call after llpm 
276-8727. 

(612) 

Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U . 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 

WANTED : house in the 
country for the summer & 
next school year. Willing to 
take over someone's lease 
for summer . Call Bob 
Woolf, x2811 or 755-7604. 

Going on vacation? 
Responsible couple needs 
place to rent for July until 
we can move into our new 
place Aug. 1st. No children, 
some lethargiC cats. Call 
755-6019 (eves). 

. SerVICeS 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-1828. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS. 
REPAIRS ' AND 
POLLUTION CONTROL. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA (IN 
THE REAR) 459-9181. 

advertisements for ourselves 

Typing IBM electric. Work 
guaranteed . .su148. (612) 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on IBM - term papers to 
dissertations - call 217-
1607. 

XEROX COPIES4C EACH 
No Minimum - Call 217-
3707 (6/2) 

lost & found 
FOUND: Womans gold 
watch, on Wed. afternoon, 
4:00 front of Bonner Hall. Is 
now being held at EDNA - in 
Urey Hall. 

FOUND : Gold ring in Urey 
hall men's room. 5/30/72. It 
was turned in to the campus 
police lost and found. 

When hitching from La 
Jolla Sat. 27, did I leave my 
coat and check book in your 
white Mazda? Write box 
6859, La Jolla. 

REWARD: No questions 
asked for info leading to 
return of orange Raleigh 
Record taken from under 
Argo sometime between 
noon and one a.m. Bike was 
locked, so probably carried 
away. David Lippincott, 
box 4893,453-9049. 

FOUND : White sweater in 
first floor of 20, Muir on 
Thurs. Claim at TRITON 
TIMES office. 

personal 
LIVELY PUPPIES free to 
loving home, 6 wks old . 
Phone "54-1023. 

THANK YOU"Whoever 
mailed my license back, 
Mike. 

friday 
~ ___ announcernents __________________________ ~~~~, 

primary election, has been 
opened by McGovern 
workers, who will operate 
the center as a public 
service. phone lines are 
open from 9:30 to 9 p.m. 
daily. Phone 291-8454. 

The San Diego youth 
Symphony, under the 
direction of Louis 
Campiglia, will present a 
Russian Romantic Revival 
Concert featuring pianist, 
Raymond Lewenthal, in 
Civic Theatre tonight at 
8:00 p.m. 

see who we are, and try to 
organize ourselvesi let us 
have a meeting, then, today 
in Blake Lounge (Revelle 
Campus) at 4 p.m. If you're 
gay, or interested, show up. 
We can work together, and 
enjoy it. 

Elections for Revelle 
College Executive 
Committee will be held 
today from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
Poll booths will be set up in 
the Revelle Plaza. Two 
posit i ons are open , 
cand idates are Randy 
Eberts, John Lee, and 
Kevin Olson. 

Concert of New Music 
tonight at 8:30 p.m. Recital 
Hall 409 MC program 
i ncludes Po li fonica -
Monodia-Ritm ica by Luig i 
Nono, piece for four by Oll ie 
Wilson, Echoi by Lukas 
Foss. Concert is free. 

The UCSD Drama Club 
p~esents a tota l even ing. 
Eugene lonesco 's THE 
E,AlK SOPRANO, Jules 
Fe i ffer ' s CRAWLING 
~\ RNOLD , and Harold 
f 'i nter ' s TH[ 
[ ,UMBWAITER . Th is is 
CINE NIGHT ONLY, and 
cn lya limited aud ience can 
te admitted . Come early to 
i1sure seat ing. 8:00 p.m. at 
the UCSD Theatre (behind 
t he bookstore ) 203 
IAatthews campus. 

The 6th Annual Watermelon 
Drop will take place at 1 
p.m. at Urey Hal l. 

Page ~ Triton Times June 2, 1972 

sunday 
Services at University 
Lutheran Church 8:30 a.m. -
Catholic maSSi 10 a.m. -
Lutheran servicei 5 p.m. 
Catholic mass. Located at 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Due to popular demand 
Tumbleweed is back -
showing at the 5 and dime 
on Muir campus. The film 
starts at 8:30 for 25 cents. 

A program of secular and 
religious music by UCSD 
medieval and early 
renaissance class will be 
presented from 3-5 p.m., 
tcday in the chapel at the 
University of San Diego. 
The Chapel is located in 
Founders Hall , Alcala 
Park . The concert is free 
and open to the public . 

tue day 

Gay women and men at 
UCSD : there is need for us 
to get together, to talk, to 

Election Day. Why not fill 
an AIR WAR VOTE 
petition, while you are 
there. Pick up petitions at 
Muir noon-time table, 
Revelle - 240 Blake, or 
Matthews - Bldg. 508 room 
2. 

The Yale Whoof and Poofs 
will present a concert in the 
Music Recital Hall in 409 
Matthews, tonight at 8:00. 
The group is comprised of 
14 singers from the Yale 
senior class. The concert is 
open to the public, 51.50 
student's and military 53.00 
General coffee and donuts 
will be served at 7: 30. 

There will be an exhibition 
of sculpture by Tom Gaines 
in the UCSD Art Gallery 
from June" through June 
10. Gallery hours are 11-3 
p.m. The exhibition is a part 
of Mr. Gaines' Master of 
Fine Arts presentation . 

Will all those who still have 
not yet returned their Wilt 
Chamberlain Volleyball 
Game tickets for a refund, 
please do so by June 2, 
refunds may be obtained at 
the Urey Hall Box office, 11 
a . m . -3p . m ., Monday 
through Friday. 

Members of the Graduating 
Class : There does not seem 
to be sufficient interest in 
having a general campus 
open house after graduation 
ceremonies, Sunday June 
11 . Libraries & S. I .O 
Acquarium Museum will be 
open until 5 p.m. If you wish 
to show guests another part 
of the campus, be sure to 
contact a UCSD staff 
member beforehand to -
arrange for area to be open. 

Help buy a flowering, 
yellow tulip tree for our 
class gift by donating to the 
box in the Revelle Sundry 
Store. 

An election information 
center, which will give out 
non-partisan information on 
local propositions, all 
candidates, polling places 
and any other questions 
concerning .the June 6 

STUDENTS WITH PIRG 
PETITIONS please return 
all petitions today and 
tomorrow. Get them into 
the fishbowl fast so we can 
determine our success or 
failure. Every signature 
counts. Please turn in all 
petitions even if empty . 

The Day Care Center needs 
a picnic table & playground 
equipment. If anyone can 
donate anything please call 
ext. 2891. The center will be 
open throughout the 
summer break and there is 
room for a few more 
children. Children of 
students, faculty and staff 
are eligible, also children of 

par~ts attending summer 
school here. Enroll your 
child now. Call ext. 2891. 

The anomaly factory is 
seeking new blood Any 
persons interested in 
acting, lighting, electronics, 
computers, set design, and 
other technicals please 
contact Dave Cuningham at 
ext. 1195. We are looking for 
people for both this summer 
and for the fall. 


