
~Bielrey 
In 1969 Uniwnity of CaJjf.,mia Physicists Emilio 

Segre and Owen Chamberlain wete awarded the Nobel 
Prize for .their identification or the lone-hYPothesized 
antiproton. The pair of arientiata had in 1955 worked on 
an unusual design for an experiment in which to obeene 
the antiproton. A letter to the editor of Pfaysicol Review 
in November, 1965, confarmed their procedure and 
discovery. At the close of the letter, Segre and 
Chamberlain gave thanks tovarioua people, one of them 
heing Oreste Piccioni, preaent Physic:s profellllOf at 
lIC. 0, who last ,June brouJht a $125,000.00 suit against 
Segre and Chamberlain for not giving him proper credit 
for his allegedly major pert in the conreption of the 
experiment. 

A Matter of 
Antimatter 

hlurred , yet "we are still distribllllng credit a s though we 
were living in the last century." 

The fact that it appear. Dr. Piccioni is implying the 
recipients of the much·coveted Nonel Prize accepted the 
honor under false pretense. , gives criti cs of t e Prize a 
lield day. Scientists report they withhold information 
from other scientists so that other. will not get the edg 
on expe riments of a similar nature . 

Plccioni claimed in a statement following his filing or 
the suit in the Alameda County Superior Court that he 
was "responsible for originating that re.!8rch and for 

furnishin~ the basic experimental ideall" for the "conrep-
tion and the plans which made pouible the early 
di. covery of antimatter in 1965 ... which in tum led to the 
reL-eipt of the 1969 Nobel Prize for Physics." 

The reason, said Piccioni, he has waited for seventeen 
vea rs before claiming rec:opIition for his part in the 
'Iandmark discovery, was becaulle Segre and 
Chamberlain are such important people in the world of 
ph.vsics, and, had he challenged the pair, he feared bing 
access to government research grants and to the 
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. 

Piccioni also cited a quote from Science magazine, 811 
an expected professional reaction that proIonced his 
silence: "However... in terms of professional ethos, 
rumors of ill conduct are generally allowed to remain just 
that. The requirements of gentlemanly politene811 
prevents these allegations from beromlDg very public, no 
matter how wounding the alleged backroom backstabs. 
As on~ scientist put it, 'It's all right to talk these thinp 
ove r heer-you can get some sympathy from others then'; 

hu ~ he implied that sympathy over beer was preferable 
to rE'dres.c; in a Dubli-: forum." 

Piccioni, however, maintains that he is not suing to 
receive the Nohel Prize, nor does he want to les. en the 
imlxlrtance of the award nor it laureates. He said he i. 
suing two gentlemen who have not given him profe .. ional 
recognition of his contribution , and thus, the suit is to 
compensate him for the prestige, grants, and higher 
lecture fees he might hav received had he been properly 
credited. 

In response to the furor over Piccioni\ suit , Vice-
Chancellor of Academic Alfairs, biologist Paul altman , 
was quoted hy Time magazine a . . aying that som 
researchers are heginning to revolt again t a ". ammy 
Glickish approach to science ." • 

The phy ics professor. angry at the small importance 
Dr. altman attached to th Nobel Prize, countered , "I 
think you ng people would , more than anything, like to 
have the ohel Prize even before they receive their Ph .D. 
If you were to look at Dr. altman 's own career, you ' ll 
find he ha great ambitions for a career in admini. tra -
tion , but yet he get upset at my great ambition for m 
own profes ional career. If more people were interested in 
scientific resea rch, and not in political power, the 
University of California would be a better place ." 

Concerning his . uit, where hearing have been post -
poned from August 25 to October 10, Dr . Picc:oni say. , 
" You ca n never be su re who'll win even if you ue Adolf 
Eichmann for mental cruelty." 

Of Chamberlain and. egre , who are unavailable for 
comment, Pi cioni says "They ay it'. too late to 
rememher where they got the information." 

Of the Nobel Prize Committee, Piccioni added , " Like 
any other human in titution .. . they could make mistake .. 
But my suil has nothing to do with the N'lbel Prize 
Committee." 

Anot her p~fe8llional censure regarding hislawsuitalso 
was quoted in Scif'nce magazine: "The extent of com-
mllnicatiClns. travel. and interchange among scientists 
today ... has made the lone individual working his 
Illhoratnry on the conception and ell2Cution of an ellperi-
m!'nt, obsolete . . Just who is responaible is increasingly Dr. Oreste Piccioni Professor of Physics 

* Sammy Glick i the main character of the Budd 
Schulherg scathing ociological ~tlldv , What Makl>~ 
Sammy Run ~ ! ltn eXllmrle of men wlthll ' minimum of 
talent out to get the max imum in award and praise. 

Ur. Murray Goodman-
It has been suggested that an Academy 

award be bestowed on the many acting 
administrators on Revelle College who are 
maintaining the campus despite their 
tl'mpo rary status. 

Last Spring when then ProV08t Paul 
altman left Revelle to become Vire-

Chancellor of Academic Affairs there was 
a Provost Search Committee formed to 
lind a new campWl leader. But not only 
t he post of Provoet needed immedillte 
lilling, but also the poeitim of Dean of 
Revelle was open when Dean Tom Hull 
left Revelle for the job all Dr. Saltman'lI 
assistant. 

Resident Dean Ernie Mort has become 
Acting Dean of Revelle, Resident AaIis-
tant Mary Patea hall become Acting Resi-
dent Dean. 

Chemistry Profesaor Munay Goodman 
has ~en appointed Acting Provoet of 
Revelle Collelle. He haa agreed to 8eIW 
"while the Search Committee continues 
its elrorts ... certainly they11 (mel a man or 
woman of enormous talent to continue tbe 
progre!l8 of Revelle ColJelie. I'm certain 
that I'll be able to maintain the collep 
hetween ProV08ts. " 

Dr. Goodman is comperitiwly new to 
the campus. A graduate of Brooklyn 

The Importance 
of Bei ng Provost 

College, he received his Ph.D. at Herkeley 
in 1952, and following postdoctoral 
fellowship at the Mas achusetts 
Institute of Technology and Cambridge 

niversity., he served as an Assi tant 
Professor ~f the Polytechnic Institute of 
Brooklyn from 1~ through 1971 . He 
served as Professor of Chemistry at UC 0 
for only one year before being named 
Acting Provost in June. 

Dr. Goodman views his present position 
as a means of " maximizing everyone's 
options while making decisions about a 
talent" to succeed Paul Saltman as 
Provost. 

Goodman will continue to teach 
Chemistry 140 A and B this year. Aside 
from his administrative and academic 
duties on the campus, he i also a f9un-
ding editor of Scientific Journnl. 

Regarding his view of how the students 
at Revelle consider their campus, the 
Acting Provost says, "Students feel, by 
and large, that they count. That's a 
generalization, of course, but that fact is 
very important to me as a teacher and an 
educator." 

Provost Goodman plans to maintain 
the ProV08t Lecture Series. He also bopes 
to maintain the "high quality of the 
Revelle faculty." He worries because, ". 
know the delicacY with which faculty 
talent is constructed-I Jmow the fragile 
nature of a highly sucrell8f'ul institution-I 
know that we mUllt enllUre the quality is 
maintained. A good facuJty,student in-
teraction keeps the balance of quality; I 
hope we can lower faculty-student ratio 
and get new buildings to house the 
students and faculty." 

Dr. Joeepb Wataon, Provoet of Third 
CoIIe~, is optimistic about the new 
Economics Major instituted this fall at 
his CoIIeRe. The Economics Department 
will recruit two or three new faculty 
members to form the foundation of the 
Third C.oIIeRe Department. The accent of 
Third'. Economics Major will be on 
de loprnental , urban, and comparitive 
eeonomics. 

Dr. Watson thinks that the "major 
obstacle this year will be in obtaining 
more resource .. Our ability to man the ' 
coun;es is of the greatest i~port. " 

The Third College Board has (this year) 
heen reconstituted forming the Third 
College Council. This Council include. 
Coordina t ors of Third College 
Departments of, cience and Technology, 

rb an and Rural tudies , Com· 
munication , and Third World tudie . 
These coordinators will be joined by an 
el cted Chairman of the Third College 
Faculty, the Dean of tudents (Pascual 
Martinez). the Vice -Pro'vCl'St of Academic 
Affairs (a post that i pr~sently vacant) 
and Five, Third College tudents . The 
manner by which student members of the 
Third College Council will be selected is 
presently undetermined. The Third 

ollege ounci l will be an advisory coun· 
ci l to the Provost. 

Other new course to be offered at 
Third College includes a four quarter law 
sequence offered by the rban and Rural 
Studies Department. The Law equence 
will consist of sociopolitical a pects of 
law, a course in poverty as an institution, 
fundamental legal a pects of the court 
cases, and a view from the judge's bench . 

"The purpose in this sequence is not a 
pre-law indoctrination . We don't want to 
produce legal advisors , we want to 
produce better informed students," said 
Dr. Watson . 

Looking forward to the academic year, 
Dr. Watson said, "We have worked hard 
to minimize and avoid problems of any 
sort ... no one can make guarantees saying 
everything will work out. Our ollege, like 
any other college is committed to serving 
students, no matter what the ci r-
cumstances are ." 

Provo. t ,John ,~ tewart of MUIr , ~ollege 
IInnounCl'd that a new course pntitled 
"The Wildeme.s." is planned for spring 
quart r. Dr. Lola Schwartz of Contem-
porary I sue, Dr. M ic hael ,ou le of 
Miolog and Dr. Donald Wesl ing of 
Literature are joining Dr. ' tewart and ten 

Acting Revelle Provost 
Muir College student in formulating this 
course . It will deal with the hi . torical , 
literary and economic a pect, of the 
wilderness. 

Dr. tewart also announced a class 
taught by Charles Betti in ontemporary 
Hlack Culture will be offered by the 
Drama Department, Bettis i. a pecialist 
in the work of Langston Hughe . 

In the pring quarter a course in Jazz 
and related Black Music will be offered a 
an addition to this sequence . 

Provost tewart noted that thi fall 
brings the first group of Ml!ir fre hmen 
who have enrolled under the new 
educational program and breadth re-
q·uirements. tewatt added that he i 
intere. ted in leamin!. which sequence 
the Muir tudent will choo now that 
the requirement art> oifferent. 

Mewart expre sed regret that he ' 
" ha vi ng to fa the fa lhat Muir will poL 
achieve the degre of clo ne. that i. 
inh rt'nt at mo. t resid('ntial liberal arts 
collE'!!!.'s ." This attributed to th fae{ tl-.1\t 
1ulr is presently serving 2500 l>itudent .... 

wher plans called for it to enroll only 
liOO. Inl'lt'a: d ommuter registration i~ 
another factor that cont ribut s to th 10 
of the dej!re of cloM'ne. s. Stewart added . 



Selected Shorts 

The provosts would like to call the attention of ask 
undergraduates to the following collection of courses. 
Most of these Ire new courses developed after 
preregistration last Spring, and some are courses which 
were c10Red but are now open. Reference to the recently 
published 19721973 UCSD Catalog and the Revised 
Schedule of Cla8lM!s is also advised. 
APIS 10: Digital Computers. T Th 2:00·2:50. (This is a 
new .lecture section .) 
APIS JOA: Physics of Motion. M W F 1:00·1:50. (This 
courae will be a history of physics from Aristotle to 
Einstein. APIS 20B will be on geophysics and APIS 20C 
will be on astronomy.) 
c-m_icationa 170: Computer Media M W F 12:00· 
12:50. (Introduction to computers and the applications of 
computers. No science or mathematics prerequisites . 
Crosa listed as Visual Arts 170.) 
Cultural Tradition.:-Hebraie. M W F 10:00-10:50 
(This course is cross listed as Philosophy 30) 
Drama i6: Black Drama. M W F 2:00-2:50. (This is the 
first of a planned series of three cou rses to be offered this 
year on vari_;lUs aspects of Black Arts.) 
Frontier. or Science i13: Modem Medicine T Th 3:30-
5:50. (A series of lectures organized by Dr. Paul Saltman. 
The purpose is to show some of the principal areas of 
current health science research .) 
Frontiers of Science 114: Modem Physics. T Th 2:00· 
3:30. (A series of lectures organized by Professor B. 
Matthias. The purpose is to indicate the range and depth 
of contemporary phy ics.) 
Hebrew El: Directed tudy in Hfbrew . (This i the first 
course of a three quarter sequence in beginning Hebrew, 
It will be an augmented version of Language 19.) 
Interdisciplinary I: The Oceans. M W F 4:00·4:50 (A 
generally nontechnical introduction to the many aspects 
(Jf the study of the oceans.) 
Literature/Sp. 9: Spanish for Native Speakers. M W F 
9:00-9:50. (Designed to increase language skills of the 
bilingual Chicano student. Cross listed as Third World 

2:0U-3::JO. , ...... c:oune replaee3 nychOlogy 10 lur tnll 
quarter. It il anticipated that Paychology 14 will be 
offered Winter quarter and Plychology 10 Spring 
quarter. Psychology 11 may be offered either Winter or 
Spring.) 
SoeiolotD' 116: Sociology of Education. T Th 2:30·3:50. 
(This year UCSD starts its long-awaited elementary 
t,eaching credential program. It il essential that Juniors 
and Semors whollre interested in this program take 
Sociology 116 now.) 
Urbaa aDd Rural Studies 1Z2: Introduction to Law and 
Judicial Proceu. (Course deals with thoae influences 
important in the making of law.) 
Visual Ana 14A: Introductill'l to Ealtern Art. T Th 
4:00·5:50. (Vi8Ual Arts 14A, ,T 4B, 14C will deal with 
various aspects of the art of Asia.) 
Visual Ana 60: Beginning Photography. M W 10:00· 
12:50 (This course was formerly Visual Arts 190. Note 
that no departmental stamp i8 required for enrollment. 
This course is cross listed as Communications 60.) 
Vi.ual Ana 105: Drawing. M W 3:00-5:50. (This course 
was formerly Visual Art.s 129. No departmental stamp 
reQuired for t'nrollment.) 

another cial8. 
he payment may be made by mail or in pel'llOn It 

cashier's office, MC 401. Remember to include 
student I.D. card and fee card for validation. 

During-the quarter you will be receiving It number 
.study list... It is )'Our retlponsibility to check thelD 

the rise in fall of ~72 
insure accuracy. A record enrollment of more than 7,200 students . ~ 

If there are any errora on your study list or you expected to begin work Monday, September 25, when Call 
receive one after making-a change of PJ'Oll1lm, qURrter cla8lM!s begin at the University of California, San 
the Registrlltiun & Scheduling Office within 7 Diego. • 

During the 6rst two weeks of claues you may The fall quarter actually began Monday, September 18 
your prol(l'8m :lldd cla8lM!S, drop claues, or elect a with the first week being spent on last minute registra · 
option. There are ~neral requirements and tion. class scheduling, and housing needs. ~e expected 
requirements for electing the PINP option. The student enrollment repreaentq !I 12 per cent Increase over 
requirements are ... )'Ou must be in good academIc rail enrollment one year ago. 
ding ... )'Ou may only take one cia .. on a P/NP basis A total of 5,400 undergraduate students are expected 
quarter in residence. For the specific requirements to attend c1a8lM!s at Revelle, John Muir, and Third 
tact your provost office. Colleges. Some 1,455 graduate students a~ also ex.pec~ed 

Between the 3rd and 6th weeks you may still to enroll with 165 of them located at SCriPPS InstItutIOn 
your program; however, a "late fee" is charged. To of Oceanography and another 226 in the School of 
c1aues you need the instructor's signiture. To add a Medicine.!n addition, the School of, Medicine will enroll 
at this late date, you must have your college Dro'V!lIII"'- lpproximately 310 interns and residcrits and IIf? post· 
approval in addition to the instructor's signiture. doctoral and graduate students who will be loca ted on 

After the sixth week, all program changes require the UCSD campus and at University Hospital in San 
endorsement of your college provost and the Diego . 

Good luck and have a happy year! Gilman Drive is now being extended to connect 
The basic language courses are particularly crowded 

this year. The following policy haa been adopted. From 
Monday, Sept. 25 to Wednetlday, September 27 only new 
transfer students may enroll in Language 1 or Language 
4. On Thursday and Friday, September 29 and 30, 
continuing students and Freshmen may enroll a8 long as 
there is apace available. The LangUftge program does not 
advise adding a basic language course after the first week 
of class, 

~,. ............................ :-- ................ . 

_ .. reCLOY with the Veteran's Hospital located east of the 
cam pus. To make room for the extension, a portion 

Building 250 on the Matthews Campus had to be 
Building 250, formerly a Marine Corps 

, 

I 
! 
i Visual Arts is offering a large number t of beginning courses open to lower 
: division students who are interested. 

housed the offices of the Dean of Students, 
Student Housing , Religious Affairs, Financial Aids, 
Urban and Rural Studies, and several s tudent run 
organiza tions. 

Seve ra l new campus administrators, appointed late 
It also should be noted that beginning Mandarin 

(#2322) and i.Jeginning Cantoneae (#1490) are both being 
offered this fall. Studenta interested in Mandarin are 
urged to conract the Linguistics Department a8 soon as 
possible. . 

~!'~!~!':::;-~'~' ~~~~~ri~f tt~: ~~~:u:r;t::.llc~!~n~~~~r ~~:~as:i6~ 14A ORIENTAL ART' HISTORY Introduction to South Asian Art, Buddhist. David. Sanford. 
60 BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY 

How to get the image you want on to the 
Raskin . 

105A BEGINNING DRAWING 
registration cache 

, who has been at UCSD since February, will 
his first full academic ye/lr. 

UCSD-has a uniquemail.inregistrationsystem.This 
r.tail .in system eliminates the traditional "scramble" • 
registration system with its long lines. i. 

Exploration of ide .. of repreaentation 
mainly using charcoal and conte and tlrAwin"fwllll' h, 

Murray Goodman, Professor of Chemistry at 
will serve as ~ting Provost of Revelle College 

eding Dr. Paul Saltman who was named Vice· 
cellor.Academic Affairs in February . Dr. Ernest 

will serve as Acting Dean of Revelle College 
To register you must have something called a : 

" registration packet." This packet is mailed to you ~ 
approximately three weeks before registration week, It 
contains the information nece888ry to register . If you 
don 't ha ve yours, contact the Registrar's Data Processing 
• ection at M 211, ext. 2219. 

To " register" you must do two things: Enroll in 
classes, pay your fees. 

. 

• ; 

models. 
There is still plenty of room in 
these courses for interested 
students who wish to register. 
Students can come to the Visual 
Arts Office 402 Matthews Cam-
pus to sign up. 
Introduction to pre-sculpture has 
been changed to Tuesday 9-9:50 USB 
2722. Contact Visual Arts Dept. to 
sign up for sections. 

...............................•••..•...•••........ 

.,,"ee,",,·ng T om Hull who resigned to serve as assistant 
Vice C'hance llnr Saitman. Mnrt has served as Resident 

at Revelle ('ollpge for seve ral vear.;; . 
as ne w director of F.OP is William A.T. Byrd. 

formerly served in a simila r post at ColumbIa 
'n;",,,,;I, in New York City. ew department chairman 

n Academic yea r include Dr. Eric Reissner, 
Mechan ics and Engineering Sciences; Dr . 

Wagner, former professor of drama at Tulane 
tv. who hecnmPR t he first full ·time chairman in 

: Dr. Richard Attiveh. economics; Dr , Edward 
Klelll . linl(uisti<'s: Dr. Samual Yen, obstetrics and 

in the School of Medicine; Dr .. athlln 
, ifler. actinl( chairman of medicine: and Dr. Joseph 
rau l. Heting chairman of chemistry. 

Women in 
Literature 

Sandra Dijkstra believes 
one way women today can 
.!Cain a realistic view of their 
IltatU8 in society is through 
the study of literature. 

"There are women im· 
prisoned in every one of 
tho8e houses," the Del Mar 
residenl88Ys ofthe suburbs. 
" If the men are not 
programmed to be just 
moneymakers and women to 
be just babymakersl they 
must find another WIly t6 
look at the world, they can 
through literature. 

"To find out who she is 
and where she came from , 
woman mu st turn t o 
literature as an 
archeologi co I ar -
t ifAct- because history ha 
never been . her ' story." 

A new lecture series 
titled , "Sex and Revolution 
in 20th Century Literature" 
has been organized by Ms. 
Dijkst ra for fall quarter_ 

She will give one lecture 
and introduce some of the 
keenest literary minds at 
UCSD who will examine 
20th Century works in terms 
of se x role s and socia I 
change. 

The course will be held 
Wednesday evenings from 7 
to 10 p.m. in Room 2250 of 
the Humanities and Social 
Scie nce Bu ilding, Muir 
('01 lege, UCSD, beginn ing 
Sept. 27 , 

Professors of Frenc h , 
Spanish. German and 
American Literature. in -
cluding her husband. Dr. 
Bram Dijkstra, who will dis· 
cuss Norman Mailer 's 
" American Dream" are 
!lcheduled to speak during 
the series, 

Speakers and the works 
t hey will discus are 

La Jolla NATURALISTS 
MEETING PUCE: 2105 Bonner Hall. Revelle Campus. 
MEETING TI ME : Third Tuesday of each month, at 7:30 p.m, 

1972 
SEPTEMBER 19: Mark Aeder 

Steve 
OCTO BER 17: Lea the,..,ood 

NOVEMBER' 21: Harry Coulombe 

• 

"BllharJioral Aspects of WaterfotJl of Sa" 
Diego County" 

"Tlui Distribi< ti07'l of Eas tel''' Pat!ific Ocean 
PirmipBda" 

"Rabies ResOO1't!h i" Predator Pop" /.a tio"a 
in San I>i.ego Cou"ty " 

DECEMBER 19: Raymond Gilmore "The California Gray !ll-al,," 
1973 et a!. 

Sat. 
JANUARY 13: Special event : Whale I\' tch.0830 at Island ia Sportfishing, 

1515 Quiv ira Road. M isston Ba y. Adu 1 ts $2 . SO, chil dren $1. 00. 
. JANUARY 16: Andrew Olsen. Jr. "Tn .. Ins and Outs of Sa" Diego Parasites" 
FEBRUARY 20: Dave Leighton "All You Evlll' iotz"ted to Kno!.J about AI;nZone 

and SBatJI1ed" 
MARCH 20: Bayard Brat.strom "SocialBel-aviorofAmphibianaand R"ptilaa" 
APRIL 17: James Moriarty III "EarZy Han in california" 

MAY 15 B.J, Kaston "SpUlal's. Tluiir Life and Times" 
Jl1NE 19: Wine Tasting and Native Plant Feast! 

. 

Joint meeting with San Diego Chapter of AmerIcan Ce t acean Societ y , 
Sumner Auditorium, Scripps Innitution of Oceanography. 

If you have questions, 'phone or write the Secretary, 
Ben Banta, (off ice: 271-4300, ext. 209; home: 755-8215), 
or the Program Chairman, Jim Coatsworth, (office : 453-2000, 
ext . 2846; home: 454-6605). 

r.:t' ~A -II 
Reinhard Lettau , '!'he 'fha/, 
by Franz K afka. Jack ~~~!~~~~*~l~8]~~f~l]~~8~~ifft~~~~.~~~::~~*~~~~i:~~~~J:~:1§:~~~;~~~~' 
Behar, Women in L9ue. by 
D.H . Lawrence; Susan 
Kirkpat rick , The Blood 
Weddin#, by Frederico Gar. 
cia Lorca ; George zan to, 
The Three-Penny Opera 
and Measure8 Taken, bv 
Bertold Brecht ; F'redri~ 
.J arne so n, Loll to, b V 
Vladimir Nabokov; Jaime 
Alazraki. Hop-Scotch. bv 
.lulio ('ortazar : Alai~ 
('nhen, Th e Balcon y bv 
.Jean Genet, a nd Ms.' Df-
jkstra, Project lor a Rel'olu-
tion ill Nell ' York, by Alain 
Rnhbe-Grillet. 

Everybody .. .. 
knows Bill Smith, but not everybody 

knows that he's 
left German Car 
Services and 

opened 

Studies 9.) 
Music IIA: Listening Lab & Music Lit. W F 9:00·9:50. 
(Music lIA, LIB, IIC will be a history of music . It i 
intended for student who are not Music majors ; it has 
no prerequisites. The course will consist of lectures , 

To enroll in classes you must complete and tum·in to 
the Registration and Scheduling Office a PREFERRED 
PROGRAM CARD. This may be done in person, by 
campus mail, or by U.S. mail. On t hi s ca rd simply list 
the classes you wish to take for the quarter. The 
Registration & Schedu lin g Office will check to see if the 
classes requested are full. If the classes are not full , you 
will be assigned a seat in t he class; if full , you must select 

------------------. 

his own shop in 
Solana Beach. 

listening to tapes, and orne performance .) 
Psy~hology 15: In troduction to Vi ual Perception . T Th 

r~----------~------' l~lo0 OFF REG. PRICE I 
I I I . I 
I . I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I l I 
I \\CbsterS I 
I Seventh ~ I COllegiate I Privacy 

DjctiollMY ! 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I I 
I 

.Gt. M: I 
$7s ! 

QUALITY LIVING 
AT AffORDABLE PRICES 

A unique plan designed in part 
by UCSD students to specifically 

meet the student needs 

TRANSPORTATION BETWEEN UCSD AND 
WINNERS CIRCLE IS PROVIDED. NO NEED TO 
OWN A CAR OR HITCHHIKE TO AND FROM 

WINNERS CIRCLE! 

• Quietness • Relaxation • Good Study 

PLUS all the social advantages of being among friends, 
convenient for dating. 

EXCEPTIONAL recreational facilities: clubhouse, large 
co-ed sauna, heated pool and h.ted therapeutic whirlpool. 
Movies and transportation tool 

ALL apartments and studios fully furnished including phone, 
T.V., kitchen and kitchen utensils. Private patios and spacious 
grounds. 

ONL Y $65.00 to $80.00 per month per student. 

Call Mr. or Mrs. W.A. Robillard at 755-6666. 
That's a toll-free number from La Jolla. 

• 

THIS COUPON MUST i I BE PRESENTED AT TIME I 
I.... OF PURe HASE. I ~~~_~~~JIr~~it~~ ________________________ ~ ______________ ___ 

P.g~ 2 Triton Tim .. , Tuesd8, Septemb.r 28, 1172 

, I 

Phone ~53-6~55 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVBU.lTY CITY 
Governor & Genesee 

7540.' 

large or Extra Large 
=t~EZ ••••• 

.L utJ" 0-.......---

WE DELIVER 
--------- --------

UC CYCLERY 
10 Speeds 

from 
$69'0* 

3 Speeds 
from 
$5700 

One Day Repair Service 
453-8600 

3288 Governor Dr. 
·Unli/ Sept. 30rh. Afterwards 

10 spd. will cost $1 (JOo more 

T Opinion 
Opinion Section of the Triton Times 

The TRITON TIMES invites members 
of the University community to submit 
material for publication in the "opinion" 
section of this newspaper. All material 
Mubrnitted must be accompanied by the 
valid signature , mailing akdre .. and, if 
possible, phone number of the author. If 
the author wishes to have his or her name 
withhelil or IJI!e a designated pIleudonym, 
he or she must indicate this to the 
Editorial Director. The TRITON TIMES 
cannot publish materiaillubmitted unless 
the authors are correctly identified . 

The TRITON TIMES also urges you to 
IJe as direct and conciae as pouible in 
your articles. Due to the limited space 
available in the "opinion" section it is 
very ditricult to print long essays. The 
TRITON TIMES reserveM the right to 
verify And edit any material suhmi tted . 

Howe~·e r . the authors will be informed of 
pditing whenl'ver possib le. 
. Anyol\(' de~irin !:, t n ~Ilhrni t matl'nnl fur 
IIuhh cllfion in thi" ~l'('t i"n ~holtld !--end it 
to th(' Edlt,'rllli Dil{'('tor. I'!{ITO .· 
TIMES IIi Hlnkp Ittll I('SI · 

Bill services only 
Volkswagens 

& 
Porsches 

If you haven't met Bill yet, go on over 
to his shop. It's next to the 

Bank of America 
7:30 .m-5:3O pm 

343 S. HWJ101, ~na Beech 

Ing P are req on 
University property. 

Through October 11th, students may 
park without a parking permit on the 
following lots: 

Matthews-Lot 13A (south of 
the School of 
Medicine, Bl s 
Bldg,) 

Lot 13B (east of School of 
Medicine and Bldg. 250) 
Lot 12A (east of Graphics and 
Reproduction Services) 

Muir-Lot 2A and 2B (north of Muir 
College) 

Temporary lot east of Applied Physics 
and Mathematics Bldg. 
Revelle-Lot 1 B (unless otherwise 

posted) 
Lot 1C (southernmost Revelle park ing 
lot) Pa,rking permits will be on sale at 
the Central Cashier 's ottice, 401 MC, 
commen ing October 2nd and must be 
di played on all vehi Ie by 7:00 a.m . 
October 12 
. roof-o f-owner hip i required at the 
time of de al pur ha e. A rna imurn of 
two deca l ma- be lied to an one 

~ !....---------------Tyton 11m •• , Tund., Sep"mber 21,1172 Peg. 3 



Triton TImes, 21 1172 Page 5 T ..... ' Septembef • 



I 
I Rebel Rock 

American revolutionary rock haa I 
arrived under the banner of "Tom Paine," I I a new mU8ical to be pretll!nted at UCSD I onT'llunday, October 5. Uaing aa ita point I I of departure a biography of the great I 

I 
Amercian Rebel whoee pamphlet "com- I 
mon Sense" in 1776 moved the American I nation toward the Revolutionary War, the I 

• production explorea the kaleidaacope of I 
Tom Paine's turbulent career, swinging I I back forth between the idealistic I r pamphleteer who helped to change the I world and the drunken, confused fool - I 
both within the same man . Under the I I direction of Tom O'Horgan (acclaimed for I 

• his productions of "Hair" and "Jesus 
• Christ. Superstar"), "Tom Paine" is a I 
I " Historical Happening, " both definitely I rock and experimental; and its ambitious I ' I aim is to break down at the frontier . I between the players and audience. I 
• 

"Tom Paine" will be brought to UCSD • 
under the auspices of the Campus I I Prowam Board and will be presented in 

• the new Drama Theatre one night only .• 

I October 5 at 8:30 P .M. Advance tickets • are available at the Student Activities. I Office , Building 250 Matthews Campus: I Students $1.50 and General Admission • 
I 0 n C· e $2.50. Tickets will also be available at the I door. For further information call 453- I I More With Madness 2000 Ext. 1391. Don't miss the revolution . I 
I Getting to the point and back again is Battle of Drummers I 
I t he point of t he Anomaly Factory's latest • production, "Amazi ng Am algamated Buddy MIles and Ginger Baker will I Amorphous." An audience predisposed to oppose each other in a casual concert on I 
I passivity will be hopelessly lost long Saturday, eptember 30 at the San Diego I before the point is ever reached. Total ports Arena. Miles is a young singer and I I involvement has alway been a key i sue drummer with impre sive experience, I with the Factory. and that means working beginning his career at,13 as a backup for ' 
I with, for , and at its public which in their the Inkspots. He did the normal rythym I evolutionary terms can no longer be called and blues circuit an d played drums I I spectator . The quest is not disclosed; but behind Wilson Pickett. He was then ap-I si mply finding the unknown is a proached by Mike Bloomfield to join in l 
I challenge. and that means groping, the Electric Flag. a short-lived but I stooping, stumbling and making many tasteful woup of the middle sixties. He I I wrong turns in a multi-dimentional mind has since gone on to create his own I maze that tantalizes the body in bearing- groups which included the Buddy Miles' I defying darkness. Express and Band . Hi albums include I 
I The Factory has been at it constantly lhe very successful "Them Changes," I for four years and been consistently good. " We 've Got to Live Together," "Message I Now the mad pantomimers are at it again to the People" (a ll three were on the chart I I with "Amorphous, " a theatre in which the at the same time) several affiliations with I 
I audience is free to chose their own direc- Hendrix , and hi s latest , "Buddy I tion, length of stay and degree of par- Miles/Carlos Santana Live ." I I ticipation . Because of the nature of the Conttnued on Plige' 
I presentation, participants are urged to Ab T • I wear clothing suitable for crawling. The out own I 
• challenge previews Friday and Saturday, I 
, September 29 and 30 and continues every At the La Jolla Museum of Contem-I Friday and Saturday beginning October 6 porary Art: two exhibitions continuing I 
I and continuing through November 11. through October 8, Ten Young Artists: I Tickets are available at the Urey Hall box Theodoran Awards, and Faculty selec- I I office and at the Anomaly factory , tions: Works by past and present I Building 257 Matthews Campus. Reser- members of the Museum's Studio I 
I vations are reccommended . If you feel the Program . Previewing on October 13: an I 
I need to prove your worth as an adven- exhibition by two of the foremost artists I turous problem solver, be sure to catch living in San Diego, recent work by I the act . See the perils of twisting Russell Forrester and UCSD's Harold I 
I darkness. the expanse of echoing Cohen. I 
I passageways and dancing panels of color. At the Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego: I and especially see yourself caught in a Paintings by Chung-Ray Fong, member of I delightful trap, all off stage at the Anoma- the Fifth Moon Group, a group of contem- I 
I ly Factory. porary Chinese artists, running from I Any ambitions artists. technicians and September 30 through November 5 . Pain- I I performers interested in working with this tings by Roberto Montenegro, contem-I theatre should come to the Factury on porary Mexican surrealist abstractionist; I I Thursday at 2:00 P .M. or contact Dave and Indian Miniature Painting: the I 
I Cu __ nningham at 453- Ext. 1195. Mughal and Deccani Schools. both ex- I hibits from October 7 through November. I I From the Department of Music at 
I .. ,," t R b UCSD: a concert program including an I IvllS er 0 erts Ethnic Music Series- Indonesian Music I I and Shodow Play, African Dancers, North I The ,) ff-Broadway Theatre in San and South Indian Classical Music and the I 
I Diego i.; twinging again with "Mister Japanese Avant-Garde; an experimental I Roberts." the Thomas Haggen-Joshua Music Series with t he New Music Choral • I Logan (Dmedy which ran nearly three ~nsemble and Sonic Meditations; Elec- I I years 0 I Broadway and wall vncc 1h~ t.ronic Music and Technology with Don 
I record holder in San Diego ; and it is Buchla, electronic music designer, I runnin ~ pow through October 8 . Herbert Brun, theorist-composer and I I Followillg a ga la opening attended by Milton Babbitt , composer from I I several high ranking Naval Officers and Princeton . The CONTACT series will I highligHe~ by the playing of the United feature Pulsa . a multi -media group, ) 

States 'Javy Band. the show is sa ilin g Meredith Monk' s dance group and I along ('Imfidently with promising box Stewart Dempster'~lTI\Jsica l theatre . Also I office returns . .James Drury piaYR the coming is a Chamber Concert series and a I I frustrated officer of the U.S .S. Relucta nt, chamber opera. The Civic-University I 
I a plodding supply ship monotonously Choir will begin their concert sea~n with I plying Pacifi c port far from combat an informal get-acquainted rehearsal . I I areas. Kevin O'Neal . Ryan 's hrother in conducte d b y Edwin Londun, I waitin~ , plays the resourceful Ensign Wednesday. Septemher 27, in the Recita l I 
I Pulver; Gurdon .Jump, ,John Lawrence. lIa ll . Building 409. Matthews. All formal I and Br~nda .Jackson also star. Jame members and newcomer. are invited to I I Burrows direct~ and Vincent Miranda i ~ pMticipate in the rch('a- 11 which be~in" 
I ExeCU(1vr Prndu(f'r nt 7::10 PM I 

~---------------------------~ Page 8 (rllon Times. Tue8dar September 28. 1872 

II jDIIa CORNER OF PROSPECT 
ANOIYANHO!: 

..... 

HOUR5-9"M TO 9 ....... MON-FRI 
10"M TO 6PM SAT &SUN 

SORRY, NO C .O.D OR MAIL.. ORDI!RS ~LIlEA •• • 
MIER C HANDIBIt SUBJEC T TO STOCK ON HANO, 

In tram urals 
Flag football gets underway 

by PAT STACY 
and DAVE PHILLIPS 
Even while browning their 

bodies in the aummer 
sunshine, intramural direc-
tor Lee Johnson and the 
UCSD Intramural Depart-
ment have had their heads 
kicking'7) scheming on new 
and better ways for UCSD 
students to get their yayas 
out. Bow, if you're new here, 
you may wonder how this 
collection of thoughts that 

Lee and the others have had 
can possible affect you. 
Well, there are three things 
about UCSO: one ia that 
people have to studv ... a lot; 
second, that there is friendly 
bunch of people here, butit's 
sometimes hard to meet 
them; and third, almost 
everyone herll plays in-
tramural sporta. The UCSD 
intramural sporta program 
offers an excellent chance to 
both break away from the 

Team Meetings 

books (in order to keep your counterpart. Four guys and 
body from deteriorating] four chicks fom a team for PIT h U 
and to meet new faoos and whathasgotto~oneofthe 0 omen oug en p 
make new fr iends. Why is most outs tandmg games h 
the program so good? Ask d' ed If ~ tb IJ Most of you can sym - fhe thmg t at may oe e~e~t eSlgnl' . f kootha pathize with the difficulty of more ditt icult than staning 
the' approximately 1500 peo- am your me 0 wor, en . h' hi h' h' . ti . h' B t 
pIe who participated in an- maybe you'd be up for a 8~rtmg anyt . 109 w . chIS t hIS yea~ IS OIS m~. ~ 
tramuralslaatyear. Basical- little coed six-person ~olOg It:<> lrequlrek I~kore t an tpher.e Il sEdsu p~or ~ t rte 
Iy it's because intramurllis 11 b Ll . Just a Itt e wor , I e a term YSlca ucatlOn pa -
Provide what we as studenta "fTh

ey 
a'il' be th paper due a week ago. ment has seen fit to give the 

ere more on e I . h h I b d t d ' t' 
want from our free bo rta' t k' magme t en t e menta team a u ge, an I S 

a ve spo 10 nex wee 8 . I b ' h ' h 
time-enjoyment and exer- column. but for now it's block whIch must be over- a most Ig as some I 19 
cise. Chan~8 are, if it's a t' t t t ' tt ' , 't come to pull yourself off the schools have. As a ways ~ Ime 0 s ar ge In I b ' f . h h h I 
sport and if a rea80nable t th Spe ' fi 11 t k each to start i1 tlng t oug • t e rea support 
amount of people seem in- oge er. to t~1 c.a /' rue I weights. running. sweating, comes from the students. So 
terested in playing it, the ~~~ve:econd e fI:rra~:7h and maybe impressing the don 't just ~me and '!10uth 
intramural department has 'd ' f the .~ coach! off but get mvolved If you 

81 e
t 

0 d gYtm'rtPlr ul? a Around the country (and enjoy doing more than 
got it. ros er an s a JormlOg .. . 

Fall quarter finds the your teams. There will be a thIS ~oes I.nc.lu~~ UCSD wad mg. 
b 11 Th Se 28 PE classroom footbolls flying . At UCSD captain's meeting this sometlm~s~ It IS e season Re D t 

B
Base

k 
tab II M urs ·Oc, P2

t
. 47 p.m . PE cla88room we play an eight-man game, Ttusday Sept. 28 at4 p.m. of the grIdIron and rsh rah . C. ep. 

as e a on., t p.m. ' , At UCSD, however, those StU 
Crew ThUll., Oct. 5 7 p.m . PE classroom flag football, that's fun for in the PE classroom. You tal rt so I re ot grun e s p 
Rugby To be announced both the average street foot-' :don't have to have a com- s wa usa n -
Soccer Tues., Sept. 26 7:30 p.m. PE c1a88room bailer as well as the James plete J'08ter then, but if you ting and groaning for foot-
Wrestling Wed., Sept. 27 4 p.m. wrestling room McAllister-type super- want to piay football , have ball. but a sport of a Along with everything 

else in the University, the 
Recreation Department is 
dusting off the cobwebs and 
oiling the joints after a long 
su m mer to get the 
programs underway. To get 
everyone togethe r , the 

Volleyball. mensTo be announced players. Men's fiag football your captain there. If you've different element, water 
Volleyball, women'sWed., Sept. 27 4 p.m . Gymnasium is definitely a glls; to many got any questions, call Lee polo. These atheletes might 
Fencing Mon., Oct. 2 5 p .m. fencing room ' it's topped only bv its coed John80n at X2283 even have been swimming. but as Gary Becker found 

Unwanted prtgnanty 
(an sltal tIN magic from 

mOllltnlS likt Ibm IIna 
rob }Ollr tomorrowS of lovl. 

o 0 W~ . §f,113·) I .. 
Emko Foam offers you Ihe conlra· 
cepli.. proltCtion and ,,"CO, of 
mind you .... nt and n~ for your 
lodays and tomorrows. 
Developed wirh your needs in 
mind. No hormontS lhat might 
dislurb your body system or affCCt 
your @cneral health and well-
being. Feminine. Daincy. Gentle. 
Natural. (Neither of you ",ill be 
aWlre of its presence.) 
U •• only when prolection is 
nceded. Applied in lCConds; effec-
tive immediately. Backed by over 
ten ytatS of c1inial Icstina and 
Use by millions of women. 

AT DRUOSTOall. 
WrtltOUT PIIllC&lmoN. 

EMKO •.• FIRST IN FOAM 
... TWOWAYS 

REGULAIl, 

wilh 1M 
-pp/ie.,,, 
Ihalil .... 
fillttl 
III Ii"" 1-mI_1I 
.r Jill. I' 

PRE-FIL, 
witl. tht 

- U.1N1BIE5T LOANS 
- 5WtIt flUDON 5HAltES· 
-UWUIOIlCTION INSURANCE 

ant to 
Write 
Spor~s? 
Call Mike 
ext 1016 

out when he dove in, 
somebody drained the pool 
the first day of_~r~outs. 

Technically playing an in -
tercollegiate s port , the 
Triton polomen will play 
small schools like Loyola, 
Chapman and big schools 
like State. This year they 
might even lock horns with a 
school up north whose real 
name is UCLA, even though 
their fanatical followers 
keep insisting that "we're 
number one." 

' department has planned a 
. free hotdog dinner Friday 

night, Sept. 29. from 4 to 
7 p .m . Everyone is invited to 
the affair. which will take 
place by SCl'tipps pier, north 
of La Jolla Shores beach. At 
the party , a special 
recreational flier will be 
presented to the guests in-
forming them of the up-
coming events. 

-I'IIDNIWIIKJIlAWAl SlRVICE 
THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY 

S D SUNDAY lotASSES 8 :30, 12:00, $ pal 
at the untver.tty Lutheran Ch~rch 

9$95 La Jolla Shor •• Drive (tt" on the 
corner oppo.Lc. the Urey Hall parktng 
lot.) 

Catholtc Chaplatft 

• ... & SllIl"lMPOrus CIl1tr UIItOII 
• . _100 

515155 ~5I.. SIn Oieso tt110 Pllone 197:18:11' 
bdI ~ ~ Insu~ed II!, 520.op by.NCU~ 

What it is all about' 
fBM 361l/Data General computers: paper tape reade-s; 

tim e ..• haring; addredding & mailing; profe .• sional billing; 
stati .• tical analysi .•. 
Packalll'd prollram s from ell' men tory lati •• tic .• to principal 
component factor analysis with varimax rotation. 
'EnJOY the status of self-actualization by promt data 
analysis and preparation for publication or Wle. 

IMtant service; compu ter tIme and programming per-
.• onnel by the wehour. day, week. or month. 
Weekend .•. holidays, evenings byappointmen.t 
Local pick up and delivery; by mail; or Teletype' , 
Economical. accurote, fast service on small or nedium 
.• ized statistical or computing jobs. 
Telephone: (213)981-1529. Teletype- telephone 
number: 213981-1529 . 

EVENINOAlHAOUGH W£DNESQAY 
s."[hgo~ 

J£ l"AIME. JE rAIME 
'4Spm • fr.ncl,,171 By AI •• n 
AotsntIts, • K~ Itc;tIOn ~0Ut I!I'M 
COLOSSUS. 1'HE 'DRBIN PROJECT 

' 00 I 102'0 · USAi,970 . By Joseph 
SMg..,l .n anti""~ of compuM'r 
dominlnc,e 

-----e£OINNING fHU~ 
TALES UfBEATAIX POnEA 

1'00' 1050· EnglandJlI11 . !y Reo 
MII1a. o.n~ \I8fStOn of Po_. Mlm-' 
.1Orie'. 

CAROSEl 
.3Spm • US"'1H5 · By I-MnfY King. Rot.... , ... "' .... -.n. _..on 01 
U\om 

DII ... 15H341 

UCSD 
Students For McGovern 

present the film 
The Selling of the 

Pentagon 
Give a damn._. Be there! 

$1.00 donation to McGovern 
Revelle Cafeteria-Thursday 

8:15 p.m. 

rath.r Ed Donovan 
Office - Offlce of Rellglo~. Affalrl 

Sldg_ 250 Matthew. Campus 
453-2000 .xt. 1943 

a •• ldence - 3115 8r.merton PLace 
L. JoLLa 
453-3850 

GOLDIN OLDIE 

Those ...... • ... Sbdlas 
Relive ....... the ... ·BDed clays o' 
...... dIay d .... e: ~ ... ., ........ 
aaIIoM, .... kooky call .. anlers, the 
coIorfal wace dais, ........ ., we· 
pwe •• lo •• , Ih ••••• Ingle •• dwag 

, d ..... , the madcap .AI' In V ...... , 
.... the po .... us pop c:aIIaft. AD o' 
U Ia Ihe Octoltea' .... e 01 the ........ 
.... P.HIIJ .. yOIII' local newad ..... 

Triton Tim ... Tue.ctay September 28.1972 Page 7 



-------------'---, .-~-----------------, nouncement. II ' C/a.s/f/eds I ! • ! 
T fJESDAY 

'-rile history 01 W_." a 
slide ahow produced natb.l~ 
oil the evolution 01 _. 
rightI in thia country, will be 
f.tuNd ~f' September 
26 at the montbJy meetinc 01 
the San Diep Countv Chapter 
of the N.tional ~tion for 
Women (N.O.W.). TIle a---
tation, which ... pert 01 the 
recent aucce8lful Woman's Diy 
celebntion August 26 .t the 
Community Concourse, ia beina 
shown apin by Oftnrhelminc 
request. 

All intereated penona who 
might h.ve milled thi' 
dynamic ahowinJ are cordially 
invited to attend. ~ procram 
will begin at 7::.> PM in the 
main auditorium 01 the San 
Diegi G .. A: Elec:tric Co., 101 
Ash St. 

WEDNESDAY 
Ann Reedy for the Ecumeniall 
Student Dinner: Wed., Sept TI, 
5 PM in the back room of 
University Lutheran Church, 
9596 La Jolla Shores Drive. 35 
cents. All _Icome. 

On Wednetlday, noon, Sept. TI, 
on the Revel.1e Plaza, there will 
be a rally concerning the ureat 
of seven people, two of hem 
UCSD students. 

Speakers will include Peter 
Bohmer, former p~r at 
San Diego State, and Scott 
Goodrich, a UCSD student. 
Both are defendants, who _re 
arrested in connection with lallt 
year's anti -war demollBtnttioo 
in Del Mar on May 12th. 

THUR DAY 
Film "SELLING OF TIlE 

PENTAGON" and -McGovern 
Rally , : 15PM Thursday, 
Revelle Cafeteria . Find out why 
Nixon doesn' t want you to see 
this film , and how the 
McGovern campaign hall 
developed since Miami . BE 
AWARE ........... BE THERE! 

Theatre meeting. For all 
students interested in finding 
out about, or participating in, 
UCSD Theatre productions, 
Center tage of behind the 
scenes includes working on 
costumes, lights, publicity, etc. 
7:50PM in the UCSD Theatre 
(righe behind the Bookstore on 
the Matthews Campus.) 

The Triton Wargaming Society 
will meet Thursday night at 
7:30. The location will be posted 
outside Muir 2ClllO. 

FRIDAY 

Intereated in Secience Fiction? 
Come to the ollf.niutio...I 
-w.. 01 the Sci-Fi mel 'an-
tasy cfub. Friday Sept. 29, 
lower Blab lou .. 3PM. 

GENERAL 

Need • ride &vm UCSO to OB 
MWJI' 4 or 5 PM. PIeue help me 
out. Diane 222~. 

Episco~sl Studentl 
Lunch- Tueeday, 11:30 AM 
Bull6Bosr Revelle com -
--u.ro nt. 11M3. 

The. lint Iki club IIIet!tin& 01 the 
year will be held on the AIL 
CAL SNOW CARNJV AL trip 
to SnowMa., Colonldo for 
Christm.. break . Aleo dil-

~ will be plana fpr IIIIIIJIed 
trips before SnowM ... A 20 
minute lki movie 00 Aapen will 
be shown free of che,.. 

Free resdinc cla_. Incresee 
your speed mel compreheNion. 
Adoptive Leeming propllm, 
Muir 60, R6063 or call Barba... 
Pingree 453 -2000 nt 240l. 
CIa_ beKiD Wed. 10/4 10 AM 
or 11 AM'l'bun 10/5 10 AM. 

The Anomsly FactorY previeW!! 
a reviled version of the 
"Amazing Amalgamlted 
Amorphus" this Fri . and Sat st 
8PM. " Amorphous" is a multi -
sen ual theatrical maze in 
which the audienceis free to 
choose their own direction, 
length of stay, and degree of 
participation. Tickets are 
available at the Hall Boll 
Offiice or at the 

KNOW YOUR LIBRARY 
TOURS 
Britf toun of the CIUlter I 
Underpaduate Libnl'Y .nd the 
Centnl Univenity Libnlry are 
bein,held at lOAM and 2PM 
on Mond.y, Tueeday, and 
Wedneaady (25, 26.J.. 27 
September) this week. TReae 
toun are deaiped primarily to 
give new UC"SO ltudenta an 
overview of the two librariel 
and of the entire Univenity 
Libnry I)'Stem of which they 
are a part. All interested 
studentl, new mel old alike, are 
welcome, however. 

The tours focus on showing 
students bow to get the booU 
and information they need. 
They cover the location of boob 
and periodicals, and the card 
catalogue, how to obtain boob 
on reserve, phonorecord 
listening facilities, .nd 
reference eeMces. Conducted 
by staff Iibnlriall8, tour groupe 
are gatherin, at 10 AM and 
2PM at the front entnnce to 
Cluster I Library(HL BLG., 
Revelle) and at the main en-
trance t- the centnl University 
Libnry. 

KSDT is still here! There will 
be a meelinc for any and all 
interested pereona tonight in 
B1dh. 506 on Matthews Cam-
pus. Or stop by Quoneet 314 
(alllO on Matthew!!) and talk 
with the people , if 
you'reinterelted in working 
with any aapeet of radio. 

New cia.. offering: Spanilh 
Phonetics Cla .. -offered by 
Third World Studies in con-
junction with the department of 
literature . M -W-F 11-11:50. 
Profe880r Ramra Sanchez. 
Anyone interested in Square 
Dancing or in playing for the 
dances, please call Bruce 
Hamilton at X1137 or 272-7450. 
Sign up fo~ UCSD's o nly 

radio club at Urey _ 

eptember 27th 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

EVERY 

Bank of_ Col. Plan 
Checking Account 

• Only $1.00 per month from September-May; free during the summer_ 
• You get unlimited check writing 12 months a year. 

• You receive 12 monthly statements. 
• No minimum balance, no extra charges (unless you bounce a check). 

Only available at: 

North LA Jon. OffIce, 3255 La Jolla Village Drive 

IMM" Of' .MUUCA frfT&SA· 11018£. rotC 

P8ge1 Trtton TImes, Tueeday ........ 28, 1172 

W.nted: Rommate to ahere 2 
bedroom fumiahed townhouae 
in O.B. $75.00 a month. Gnd 
student or med student 
preferred. Call Ma!'lie after 6 
PM 222-2416. 

WANTED: Typist for TRITON 
T~MES approll . 00 warda per 
mmute. Needed Monday and 
Thu':"iays from 10 to 12 AM. 
[nqull'e at Time. Office with 
Corky. 

WANTED: 3 Rommatea to 
-ahare groovy 5-bedroom 3 bath 
home in Encinitas. Features 
fireplace, patio, built-in 
washerdryer, aemi-furnished all 
utilities paid I /~. Only 187.50 
each. Call 753-2367 after 6PM. 

FOR SALE 
Sony Portable stereo tape 
recorded, brand new condo sood 
for lectures, lang. $85.00/offer: 
274-2037 or msg., to Bain, 
Revelle Lit. 

FOR SALE: One king and one 
queen size waterbed and 
fmmes. 459-8222. 

GUITAR LESSONS . In -
dividUlI Instr. $12.Mo. Robbie 
224-7722. 

RAJA YOGA (meditstion) in-
SU. LaJol1a Yoga Center 454-
6692. 

EUROPE-I SRAE L-EA8r 
, AFRICA 
Students flights. Inellpensive 
st udent camping tours 
throughout Europe, Russia and 
Mexico. Official SOFA agent for 
inter-European student cha rter 
flights. including Middle East 
and Far East. Student ki 
tou rs . European used ca r 
purchase syslpm . 
CONTACT: ISCA. 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd ., #4, L.A .• Calif. 
90049. TEL: (213)826-5669 or 
826-0955 

Edltor-la-Claiel 
City EdiIDr 
M ....... Edltor 
Copy Editor 
BuiI .... Ma .... r 
Editorial Direetor 
ArteEditor 
SporCaEditor 
Pbo ...... plly Editor 
AulataDt City Mlton 

Secr-etary 

..... TRITON TIMES II eftIdaQy ,..,..., ............... 
a ••• Iude.t _ ....... .." ..... c-..aicado_ Bean! flllIoe 
Ualwnlty of CaUlorala, Se. u..o, BuiWi .. 211. Maw.... 
Ca_ .. , ... .lelia, CaUlwaia "7. 
PuIlUcado. II twice __ ty _ ~ ... r.-w.y.. om.. 
aN located Ia ,.. 117 ...... HaD, ............... ea..-. 
For advertlel .. plio. 4U-87Z2, .. 413-_, XIII7; r.. 
... 114Iria1 or .......... 413-_, XI.II. 

Conti ....... from' .... 3 

Ginger Baker, the madman himself 
will match wits with Miles and the result 
could be interesting. He played with 
traditional jazz bands and gained public 
exposure by his aS8OCial;on with Graham 
Bond, who in turn, introduced Baked to 
Cream and Clapton. Hi. wild displays of 
drumming feats with Cream in concert 
are legendary, and he can only be more 
exci ting now. Tickets are $5.25 in advance 
and $5.75 the day of the show and are 
available at all Central Ticket Agencies 
and the Sports Arena Box Otfiice (224-
4176). Show time is 8 P.M. 

TRITON TIMES GIVES 
FREE CLASSIFIEDS 
FOR UCSD STUDENTS 

AN OLb- VAUDEVILLE THEATRE IN ENCINITAS WAS 
REOPIEftED LAST SPRING, WITH THE THOUGHT TO 

PROVIDING THE COMMUNITY WITH A COMFORTABLE PLACE TO SPEND AN 
EVENING, TO RELAX AND ENJOY THEMSELVES. LA PALOMA II EVERYTHING 
YOU ALWAYS WANTED THE BIJOU BACK HOME TO IE, AND MORE • .. YOU 
CAN STRETCH OUT IN OUR SO" LIE-DOWN SIDE SEATS, SIP SOME JUICE 
AND BE ENTERTAINED BY A VARIETY OF FILMS. CONCERTS COMING SOON . 

TUESDAYTHRUTHURSDAY 
A JACK NICHOLSON NIGHT 

AS DIRECTOR 
'DRIVE, HE SAID' 

AS ACTOR 

'FIVE EASY PIECE S' 
7:30-9:15-11 :00 

FRIDAY THRU BUNDA Y 

Flu.moM 
A FILM ABOUT THE GReATEST ROCK HALL EVeR_ 

BILL GRAHAM: HII ""ENDS ••. 

GRATEFUL DIAD, HOT TUNA. QUICKSILVER, lANTANA ••• 

AND HII ENEMIEI. 

PLUS SHORT; ABBOT I COSTELLO MElT FRANKENSTEIN 

7:3'0-10 


