
·, 

U.'r.rslty .f Ca'il.mia, Sa. Of.,. Tuesday, Mar 2, 1912 

Students call for Watson resignation 
The resignation of Provost 

Joseph W. Watson was called 
for yesterday by groups of 
Third College students. 

The request came in the form 
of prepared statements to 
Chancellor William D. 
McElroy. 

One statement, released by 
Asian American Student 
Alliance, United Native 
Americans and White Caucus 
of Third College, charged that 
"Watson's actions this year 
have been totally inconsistent 
with the ideals and spirit in 
which Third College was 
fou nded." 

They "voiced angry and 
unanimous rejection of Provost 
Watson's statement of April 25 
concerning the governance of 
Third College." 

In that statement, Watson 
indicated that "Third College 
will have a Board of Directors 
as described broadly in tbe 
present by-laws." 

The present by-laws call for a 
governing committee of two 
professors, the provost and 
three students (a black , 
Chicano and one other). The 
provost retains veto power 
over any action by the board. 

The students are asking for a 
board of five students (one 
Chicano, one Black, one Native 
American, one Asian and one 
White), .at least three 
professors, one teaching 
assistant and the provost. 
They're requesting that action 
vetoed by Watson should be 
referred back to the board for a 
possible two-thirds passage. 

The request was passed by 
the general Assembly of Third 
College, the colleges's student 
body. 

The request was presented, 
last quarter, to the Board of 
Directors, and passed . There 
were two dissenting votes: 
Provost Watson and Marilyn 

Alexander, Black Student 
Union representative. 

Two weeks ago, the faculty 
and teaching assistants decided 
to withdraw their members 
from the board and support the 
demands of the resolution 
passed by the general 
assembly. 

April 24, Watson released his 
statement indicating the 
makeup of the board and the 
governing of Third College will 
not change. 

The statement also proposed 
"a special committee 
consisting of students and 
faculty members would be 
established to develop 
proposals for governance in 
Third College which would be 
consistent with strong-student-
faculty participation and the 
unique responsibilities of the 
Provost to Thiird College." 

The student letter also 
charged that "our rights to 
seH-determinnation within the 
college are being totally 
disregarded by Dr. Watson." 

They charged that 
" recruitment and admission of 
minority students and the 
recruitment and hiring of 
minority faculty is not 
proceeding on a fair aDd equal 
basis. 

"We charge Dr. Watson with 
continued opposition to our 
demand for se)f~etermination 
and equal representation of 
each millority group on the 
governing board of Third 
College." 

The statement said, " We no 
longer have trust in Dr. 
Watson's willingness to take 
our demands and charges 
seriously or to substantially 
alter his poSition ... 

The statement requested a 
response from Chancellor 
McElroy by Wednesday. 

An assistant to Watson said 
the provost "didn't wish to 

comment on the charges at this 
time. " 

A statement released by 
Francisco Estrada, chairman 
of MECHA, charged Watson 
with "inconsistency" in his 
governing of Third College. 

As a result. the statement 
said, " the rights of self 
determination and self-
governance of Chicanos, and 
other Third World Peoples 
within this institution, are 
unquesfionably being denied. 

"Numerous efforts have 
been made to negotiate with 
the provost a position that 
would be consistent with the 
ideological foundations of the 
college. Such attempts have 
proved futile ." 

The statement also points to 
Watson's correspondence of 

April 25, saying that it "clearly 
demonstrated that the provost 
is unresponsive to the needs of 
his constituency." 

"The members of MECHA 
reject the statement of April 24 
and hereby withdraw all 
support for the provost of Third 
College. We have lost all 
confidence in his ability to 
unite the community and to 
direct Third College in a 
progressive manner. 

"In order to insure success of 
J the college, we find it 

imperative to demand the 
resignation of the provost. " 

Chancellor McElroy said 
yesterday he "didn 't care to 
comment on the letter until 
alter I have talked with the 
people involved." 

Day Ca re Center: 

McElroy Against the 
A longWay 

W ar The UCSD Child Day Care that there IS a demand from the 
In response to requests of a number of students and 

individuals I am making available the following personal 
statement 'on the intensification of the war in Vietnam. It 
should be clearly understood that I speak as an individual and 
not for the University with which I am associated. 

The recent overt invasion of South Vietnam and the 
subsequent bombing of North Vietnam are yet another episode 
in the tragedy of Indochina. I believe both events are morally 
indefensible and should be condemned by all people. 

Most Americans want our involvement in the war to end and 
support the President's policy of troop withdrawals. The 
renewed bombing of North Vietnam, however provoked. 
cannot be justified by our national interest and, more 
importantly, is contrary to the disengagement virtually all 
Americans endorse. 

Except in the direct defense of our troops as they are 
withdrawing, all bombing should cease. Only in this way c~n 
America demonstrate its moral leadership to the world , only In 
this way can we satisfy our co~scie~ce . We must ta~e t~is 
opportunity to prove that our baSIC deSIre for peace and JustIce 
is stronger than any tactical or strategic rationale. 

I condemn any violence or abridgment of rights that some 
might consider in regard to this bombing issue. The power of 
moral indignation, expressed through free speech and lawful 
assembly, is the best way to change the current deplorable 
policy. 

Center was formed four years university for a day care center 
ago and since those early days, capable of handling about 80 
when it amounted to taking children. 
turns looking alter children on The center staff alleges that 
Revelle Plaza, it has come a the University adrninistrallc:: 
long way. is antogonistic toward the 

In that time the center has program and that this is the 
put to use an unused building on reason for the seemingly slow 
the campus and remodeled it to development over the last four 
meet state licensing years. 
requirements . The center The University has refused 
currently has more than 40 permission for the center to 
children enrolled either on a utilize a classroom in order 
part-time or full-time basis. that the children can be 
State law requires that not separated according to age. 
more than 20 children are at The center further complain 
the center at anyone time. that the University will provide 

Dr. Jonas'Salk Addresses International Center 

The center is finanCially self- no maintenance on the building 
supporting and employs a full and that the land adjacent to 
time director and several the center has not been cleared 
work-study students. The of stored machinery so that it 
center is attempting to start a can be used as a play area . 
pre-schoo I ed u ca t ion a I Supposedly the land has been 
program, and field trips have allotted already and the center 
regularly been taken by the has over $1000 worth of play 
children. These trips have equipment to install ; but the 
included visits to a farm. the defunct equipment still fills the 
stables, the zoo, Point Loma, yard. 
and a train ride from Del Mar At the la t day care center 
to San Diego. general meeting It was 

There is a waiting list of proposed that more miiltant 
parents wishing to enroll theIr action be taken In order to "get 
children in the program. The things don ." Parent have 
facilities at present are not tentatively planned to move the 
adequate to handle more equipment on the proposed play 
children. area them elves on the 

Rid Dram 

" We are more concerned with the cancer of man rather than 
the cancer in man ." This is the theme which Dr. Jonas Salk left 
with a recent audience in the International Center. 

When most people think l1bout the Salk Institute they create 
an image of scientists concerned only wit~ min~te amoun~s of 
liquid in a test tube. Dr. Salk dispelled thIS nolion on Apnl 24 
when he talked about the role of the Salk Institute. 

The Salk Instutute was not created to be a citadel for 
studying cancer or some other disease. Rather,. it was designed 
to be a place which would be concerned With the broader 
aspects of man 's evolution. Salk believes that the biological 
study of the workings of cells can give important insights into 
the workings of another biological creature, man. 

"Biological knowledge has now been developed to such a 
degree." according to Salk ... that it is now possible to interpret 
and speculate about many aspects of the human life . Many 
classical biologists suggest marvels that might help us to 
develop a reasonable and realistic l10del of ourselves. . 

"For if we can see ourselves in an historical and dynamiC 
respect, this might serve as a baSIS to a common 

understanding of the destructive tendency of man over man 
and of man to himself." 

To explain the approach that the Institute ha adopted , Salk 
turned to simple examples in cellular biology. It has been 
noted, for example, that if a cell in one rat is implanted in the 
fetus of another rat. the cell will survive. But if the same 
process is attempted after a critical time period, rejection of 
the cell will result. Thus there are critical periods in which to 
cell can tolerate or will become intolerant of its environment. 

It is hoped that an understanding of thi process will lead to 
solutions to the problems of intolerance among men . 

By studying the biological nature of cells In depth , the 
Institute has begun to construct what Dr. Salk calls the " rules 
of nature ." nlese rules govern behavior in the biological 
realm. It is when man disregards the e natural rules of order 
that problems begin. 

"The discord that exists in the human realm," as .Salk said, 
"exists largely because of man 's tendency to construct way of 
life that are in fact anti-nature rather than pro-nature ." 

Dr. Salk was questioned as to the rapid increase in cience 
and technology a compared to the rate of ocial and cultu ral 
development to adapt to these changes Should i nce be 
slowed down to allow society to socially adapt to the e 
advances? 

He replied that. on the contrary, "We have to u cience to 
solve the social problems which we face . Instead of regarding 
science as a weapon. we must turn it around and regard it a a 
tool. We must use the knowledge that we have to be pro-life 
rather than anti-life ; pro-evolution rather than anti-evolution. 

" I am using these terms to convey an attitude to say that 
science and curiosity and our capacity to learn more about the 
laws of nature will and must continue." 

Two of the area in which the In titute I curr ntly working 
arc the fields of cancer research and birth control. Through 
investigating the laws of nature which g~ver~ the o~rati~~ ~f 
a cell they hope to learn about the " blologlc-al sWltch~s In 
each cell . These switches turn on or off the production of 
enzvmes. which control the cells ' function . 

. ~1."P"'7 

The center staff estimates weekend of May 13 

Revelle, Mu i r E'ections 
The Committee on College Affair ,)f Revelle College has 

rescheduled elections for May 3rd and 4th, 1972, In Revelle 
Plaza from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Candidat s will be listed on the 
ballot in alphabetical order. 

The Muir College Council student election will take place on 
Wednesday and Thursday, May 3 &.4, of this week . A ta~le Will 
be set up in the Muir Common patio area from 9 am unul4 pm 
on both of these days for all Muir students to vote 

Ttiere are thirteen candidates ruMing for the three positions 
that are available on the council. Some of the plaUorms of the 
candidates are on page 2 of this issue. 



uir College Council Elections Platforms 
haIGI: RIefty desire to eat there. I therefore paragraph Is finished. Believe between student, faculty and Interdilclplinary programs so 

The MUI·r Coil C·, f~1 that sucb a plan should be me, this isn't the tint time I've administration. It is my wish to students can see what otber 
ege ounCl dISCarded. I aIao feel that eaten soul food. For nelt year, develop these DOD-existing lines students are doiq. I'd like to 

TIle Muir Co\lele Council is the policy matlq group of Muir 
Co\lele. It consists of six faculty members and six student 
memben along with the Provost and the Dean of the college. 
TIle bylaws of the council as adopted by the Muir faculty slate 
that the job of the council is to "oversee all aspects of under-
graduate education in the college and all aspects of life in the 
college as they significantly affect the quality of that 
education. " 
TIle Muir College Council is what the members wish to make of 
it. It bas initiated curriculum revision, proposed new courses 
and has hired faculty . It has participated and is participating in 
the plaMing and the growth of the college. It is important to 
remember that the council is rarely forced to act, if the council 
wishes to create or implement, it must do so at its own 
initiative, at the initiative of its memben. 

Cushing and Les Paver 
Two Year Terms 

It is impo~tant to recognize that Muir College Council has a 
lot of potential , or else we wouldn 't bother running for office. 
We'd like to use the council to help create lines of 
communication between Faculty, Administration and students, 
All students. This flow of information \I\Iould inform students 
how this school is run, and help students get a voice in the 
policy-making process at Muir College. 

In the past year we have worked together in implementing 
certain projects (including Crisis Center K-2 and 5 & Dime ), 
and . have concluded tha t students need not only a mechanism 
for Implementing projects of their own, but also the assurance 
that their projects will be supported . Since student apathy is 

ramp~nt and faculty suppor~ is rare, we see the College 
Council as a powerful alternative in terms of support and as a 
tool to change the existing situation. 

Pat Lynch and Nita Effron 
"Coalition Candidates" 
-Two Year Terms 

"More grass at Muir" is one of Nita Effron's and Pat 
Lynch 's campaign slogans. By this, we , the Coalition, mean 
that we want the brown spots that are prevalent at Muir to be 
sufficiently landscaped . 

We are also greatly concerned about the lack of existing 
communication ties between Muir, Third and Revelle colleges . 
We know and feel that interaction wiII become a reality rather 
than a facade ! 

Nita is active on both Muir and Third campuses because she 
is a junior in the Communications program, thus making her 
more aware than most of the inter-college prob lerns. Pat is 
active on the Muir College Curriculum Review Board, the only 
freshman chosen for that group. The board is responsible for 
the general education requirements at Muir. 

Together, the Coalition will emphasize interpersonal action 
rather than structured inaction. 

"A coalitilln with power, drawing from diverse interests, 
directed t wards positive acti!>n." 

Dennis Cross 
Two Year Term 

There are many problems 
now facing the students of Muir 
College apathy , re -
lation ships, food , dorms. 
f'nrollmenl and many others . A 
lot of these I.II·oul~ms have 
affected me deeply as a new 
student at Muir College. I have 
a lot of opinions about these 
and other problems, and 1 
would like to express my 
opinions and try to get these 
implemented into Muir 
College. 

One of the present things 
affecting my opinion is the 
mandatory food plan for next 
year. I am definitely against 
any mandatory food plan. Solle 
people are not able to afford 
the cafeteria . or ust don 't 

Page 2 Triton Times May 2, 1972 

enro.llment and student I'd lite to see the COWICiI do 10 more students will be aware see Muir become a college 
relationS should also be worked something more than allocate of wbat's comin' down on instead of a dozen or so 
"!I because I don't feel that funds . I'd like to see them get campus, 10 more students will fragmented, self-contained 
either of these are as good as other Muir students involved. be aware of the decisions being departments. 
they could be. I'd like to have the council set made that are affecting us 

Basically I feel that ~re are up a mechanism for students to directly - therefore being able 
many problems now facmll the voice tbeir opinions and to voice how we feel . It is only 
students of Muir College. U I grievances. An outlet for this througb better lines of 
am allowed to, I would like to IOrt of thing could be through a communication that Muir 
try and help the students by M u i rca m pus -0 r i e n ted College will be able to develop 
~fferinc my services and my newspaper or newsletter. Also , the sense of community that is 
ideas to the student body, and I'd like to see the council so needed. 
the people of Muir College. record important Muir College 

Tom Leanse 
Two Year Term 

I think that it is time now for 
the students to take an active 
part in the future of their 
school. Because of weak social 
science departments (SOlle 
still non-existent ) many 
students leave UCSD to 
complete their majors at other 
schools . In sociology , 
anthropology, and history we 
need expanded programs. In 
political science and cl inical 
psychology we need rapid 
development programs. 

To accomplish these goals we 
need more student pressure 
and more student involvement. 
I base my platform on the 
premise that I will be someone 
who will keep the door open for 
students that want to affect 
their academic future at John 
Muir College and UCSD. 

Leonard E. 
Montel/ano 
Two Year Term 

Few students realize what 
the council is about or what it 
has recently accomplished. 
Thi s is a reasonable 
assumption because the council 
this year has done nothing but 
allocate money. One of the 
council 's accomplishments , 
however, does bear a great 
merit. Several years ago they 
were instrumental in 
preventing the Regents from 
cementing the Muir Commons. 
Thanks to lheir effort, Muir 
students today are able to eat 
their lunches on a green lawn. 
Moreover , the council has done 
a pretty fair job of allocating 
funds which come from the 
revenue brought in by the 
candy and food machines. This 
is good, that means there is 
still hope. 

There are several things that 
I'd like to see the council do 
next year. Typical of so many 
campaign promises, I hope I 
don 't put my foot in my mouth , 
at least. not before this 

Events such as concerts, 
dances,and athletic games, 
someplace where we can 
record the faculty , 
administration, and students 
that attended Muir . A 
possibility for recording such 
things would be through an 
annual Muir College yearbook. 
In addition, I'd like to see a guy 
named Mickey Richards finish 
his project. Mickey's brain-
storm was the course-
evaluation questionnaires, dis-
tributed last quarter , 
remember? I'd like to see the 
council do something like this, 
but in a more elaborate, thor- 0 V T 
ough manner. An evaluation of ne, eo r Ie rm 
this nature would be really 
helpful for Muir students 
before they totally committed 
themselves to a particular 
class. Furthermore, I would 
like to see Muir College's 
enrollment lowered . At this 
point, Muir College is growing 
too big and too fast. Although 
we don 't have it now, if this 
present trend continues, 
"personalization" of the 
individual student with faculty 
and administration will be a 
dream. And finally, because 
I'm running out of transitions, 
I'd like to see the council , it if 
is possible, purchase some 
Muir College T-Shirts , with 
"John Muir College, " in 
capitals , all over the front. I'm 
proud of my college and I'd like 
to patronize it. Anyway. 
anything would be an improve-
ment from those rags they 
carry at the bookstore. 

Primaril y, I became 
interested in the Muir College 
Council because I wanted to get 
involved. The council , like all 
councils (such as AS and 
Revelle) has its own peculiar 
hang-ups. I've noticed that this 
year they were lacking in three 
things . 1) student involvement ; 
2) man-power ; and 3 ) 
initiative. The first two are a 
means to an end, with one 
you'll have the other. Other 
than that, for next year -
student involvement? That 's 
your job. Initiative? .. . that's 
mine. 

I 
Stephanie Harris 
One Year Term 

Social science , the arts, and 
political science are, to name 
just a few, departments that 
need developing on the Muir 
campus. But in order for them 
to develop in a manner to fit 
the students ' needs , there must 
exist student interest and input 
in their development. The only 
way for this to come about is by 
establishing the necessary 
lines of communication 

To view the coming year in 
terms of absolutes or well-
intended prophecies is, of 
course, silly. At best a 
candidate would be able to 
"pledge" to push a few ideas or 
projects upon an electorate not 
wholly motivated towards 
them or any other kind of overt 
action. Instead, a better 
pledge, and the one I am 
making, is that a council 
member be aware of the 
decision making processes 
affecting our college, 81, and 
be able to communicate them 
effectively back to us . He also 
would function in the reverse, 
soliciting ideas to feed back 
into the machine. This would of 
course necessitate a person 
sufficiently interested , 
motivated and dedicated 
(especially lime-wise) towards 
communicating the excitement 
in a new college (like Muir) 
available to the students (in the 
decision making process.). I 
feel I am qyqualified in this 
cause (through past 
experience) and indeed 
dedicated . 

Kim Bigley 
One Year Term 

I believe I've gained 
sufficient experience to serve 
Muir College well , having 
served on various committees 
at UCSD, most notably the 
Academic Senate committee 
on teaching effectiveness. As a 
potential member of the Muir 
College Council I hope to 
publish a faculty review, 
written by students for the 
benefit 01 students. 

I'm rather tired of seeing 
Muir students assume the 
identity of their department ... 
chemistry students see only 
chemistry students, sociology 
students see only sociology 
students. I'd like to effect more 

This school has a 
faculty, an experienced 
ministration and potentially 
thusiastic students. But it 
evident that there are 
efficient lines 
communication. The ,<1"'''''''"' 
problem which is a 
this, is the lack of 
involvement. It 
obligation of the Muir ,",u"".,'" 
Council to work and talk 
those that they represent. 
Muir College Council 
not speak for you , but with 
It has potential way 
what has already 
achieved. All of the melmlH~rs li 
of next year's council must 
up to this goal. 

I believe that I can commit 
myself to working towards the 
betterment of line s of 
communication, improving the 
great UCSD social disease, 
apathy , and other major 
problems which prevent Muir 
College from being a pro· 
gressive college. 

Specifically, there should be 
student involvement in the 
development of Fourth College, 
the reorganization of the AS, 
student voice in respective 
academic departments , and 
general evolvement of non-
academic sludent affairs . 

Don Smedley 
One Year Term 
This past year serving on the 

council has been a year of 
learning and understanding for 
me. However, learning and 
understanding alone do not 
qualify one for becoming a 
good council member. If this 
were the only criterion, every 
student rUMing has the power 
and ability to become a capable 
council member. Each student 
is capable of understanding and 
learning the function of the 
council, and operating within 
it. But these qualities alone will 
not make a good college council 
member ; and will not initiate 
college council to function in 
the way that It could. I have 
come to learn a cood council is 
composed not of members 
who simply learn a 
understand ; but 01 peDDIe 

c=-tMeI ..... ' 

Committee calls for strike 
TIle Campus Strike Committee voted unanimoully to build a 

massive May 4 demonstration at last Tbunday's night 
meetlnc, held in 21>-2250. ConIcious of Chancellor McElroy's 
moral condemnation of the war, the students present promised 
to spend the day in "memorial of fellow students who have 
been killed participating in the American anti-war effort ." 
Particular mention wu made of the Kent Slate students who 
were killed in 1988 demonstrations. ' 

After much discussion, the 3S-4O students decided to work 
towards increasing the level of conciousness of the anti-war 
effort on both Revelle and Muir colleges. 

A spokesman for the Campus Mobilization Committee noted 
"There are interested students at Revelle and Muir college. Ali 
we have to do is make an effort to reach the people. It is the 
only way they will get involved. " 
. Various committees -:ere formed to organize support for the 
diffe~nt colleges. A third college representative was present 
and informed the general assembly that eff?rts were being 
made to organize student support there. 

Suggestions were made that concerned students should 
bring before their classes an orderly discussion 01. the Vietnam 
War. It was allO decided that people should devise ways " to 
concretely oppose the war." 

The Revelle Committee met last Saturday morning at a 
student 's borne , A Noon Rally has been planned and will be 
held on Tuesday morning at Revelle Plaza. 

The Muir Committee met last Saturday morning in front of 
MC-250. At the time, they decided to hold a noon rally in Muir 
Plaza. The Rally was held at noon yesterday. It was attended 
by approximately 300 people. 

Third College students met at noon last Friday. From the 
voted ":Iandate . of '7-2-1, the students decided to gear their 
efforts 10 the dlrectlon of reaching out to the community and 
building for anti-war actions. " 

Renaissance Festival 
Grollmoll College's Second ADDual ReDaissaDce Featival of 

lhe Artl will he beld on campus mOltly iD main quad May 4, 5, 
6, 8Dd 7 at Ill_m_ -7 p.m. daily. 

The parpose of tile fair I, 10 br:iII& lIudeats and commuaily 
resideDts Iogetller ill tile spirit of tile ReDallsance. An estbeliC!, 
"Imul,tlc atmospbere will provide aD alteraalive to tbe 
meclwllstlc, Impersonal eavlroDmeal of Today. GrossmoDI 
College i. located on tbe DOrtbera ellll of Lake Murray 
Boulevard in East So DitKO. 

Five Receive Fellowships 
Five University of California, San Diego graduate students 

are among 205 graduate students from throughou t the U ni ted 
States and Canada who have been awarded fellowships by the 
Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation for lhe 1972-
73 academic year. 

Woodrow Wilson Fellowships are given to students who have 
~mplete,d all requirements for the Ph.D. except the Luctoral 
disserta tion . The fellowships , awarded to students from 65 
major universities, enable Ph.D. candidates in the humanities 
and social sciences to devote their full attention to dissertation 
research and writing. ' 

The five UCSD winners are : Darrel S. Cohen , son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Herman Cohen of 6705 San Miguel. Lemon Grove ; Tracy 
R. leWIS, son of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Lewis of Los Angeles ; 
Aloysius P. Martinich, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Martinich of 
South Euclid , Ohio ; Miss Raimonda Modiano, daughter of Mrs. 
Salomon Modiano of Bucuresti , Romania ; and Mrs. Pamela L. 
Munro, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lang of Riverside, 
California. 

Moratorium 
Meeting 

II response to tbe National 
Students AlIIOCiation's call for 
a moratorium on May 4th, a 
coalition of campus groups 
under tbe general coordination 
01 UCSD Women's Liberation 
Front has been organized to 
mobilize the campus. The 
moratorium, called to protest 
the current American bombing 
in Vietnam, commemorates 
the killing by !be U.S. National 
Guard of four students at Kent 
State University two years ago, 
during protests against the 
American invasion of 
Cambodia . 

The coalition first met on 
Tuesday, April 25, and agreed 
to work together to generate 
campus-wide participation in 
the moratorium . Groups 
represented included Women's 
Liberation Front, AFT, 
Campus Mobilization 
Committee, Crazy Times, and 
the Asian American Student 
Alliance, among others. The 
following night, after a slide 
presentation of the effects of 
!be air war by Tom Hayden 
(sponsored by the San Diego 
Convention Coalition ) I~O 
students and faculty marched 
to Chancellor'S McElroy's 
residence to request a 
statement of his position on the 
war. Chancellor McElroy 
agreed to publicly state his 
moral opposition to the current 
bombing campaign and 
American involvement in the 
war in general, and further 
expressed hi s support of 
student activities directed 
towards ending the ar. On 
Thursday night, at a showing 
by the Asian American 
Students ' Alliance of films of 
!be San Francisco State strike 
and the People's Park batties, 
more support for the 
moratorium was generated. 

The basis of UCSD 's 
participation in nationwide 
activities is struggle against 
American imperialism both at 
home and abroad. It is 
recognized that while the 
Vietnamese suffer most 
grotesquely, no one is free 
from its effects. Rally on 
Tuesday noon in Revelle plaza , 
will feature speakers 
addressing themselves not only 
to the war but to the 
'constricting effects of 

American capitalism on the 
lives of those here at UCSD". 
Tuesd,ay evening, a campus 
wide meeting is being called to 
decide democratically whether 

Del Mar -'ump',ng Jamboree UCSD will participate in the J moratorium on the fourth. The 
meeting will be held in Revelle 

Guggenheim Honors 

Eight members of the UCSD 
faculty have been granted 
fellowships by the John Simon 
Guuenheim Memorial 
Foundation. These men along 
with 366 other scholars from 
across the country were chosen 
by the foundation 's selection 
committee from among 2,506 
applicants in the forty-eighth 
annual Guggenheim 
competition. 

Fellow shi ps totaling 
$3,819,100 were awarded to the 
• 'demonstrated accomplish-
ment in the past and strong 
promise for the future ." Most 
of the recipients of the award 
were from the area of teaching, 
but there were also represen· 
tatives from such areas as 

poetic writing, short story 
writing , playwriting , 
choreography, photography 
film-making and other artists. 

With eight fellows on the 
award list, UCSD is ranked 
number seven in the nation 
among the 96 colleges and 
universi ties represented, tying 
with Princeton University for 
seventh place and outranking 
Yale University by one. The 
other top-ranking institutions 
were UC-Berkley, with 24 ; 
Harvard, 22 ; Stanford, 1~ ; 
Cornell, 13 ; University of 
Chicago and Columbia 
University, tying with 12 ; and 
University of Illinois at 
Urbana -C hampaign and 
Massachusetts Institute of 

UCSD 
Technology. tying With 11. 

The UCSD recipients and 
their projects are : Dr. William 
R. Frazer, professor of physics 
and chairman of the UCSD 
Academic Senate, for studies in 
high-energy theoretical 
physics ; Dr. Freeman Gilbert, 
professor of geophysics, for 
geophysical studies on earth 
structure ; Dr. Martin D. 
Kamen, professor of chemistry 
and chairman, department of 
chemistry, for experimental 
studies in the biochemistry of 
redox systems in 
photosynthesis ; Dr. Paul A. 
Libby, professor of aerospace 

en~ineerin~ and associate 
dean. Office of Graduate 
Studies & Research , for 

CoDtinued OD Page 7 

BETA IS FREEDBACK TRAINING FOR 
MIND DEVELOPMENT NOW AVAILABLE 
UNDER PROFESSIONAL SUPERVISION 

USING THE LATEST EEG 
LEARN TO CONTROL YOUR OWN 

ALPHA AND BETA BRAIN WAVES FOR: 
• Greater Relaxation 
• Increased learning 
• Better Memory 
• More Rapid Meditation 
• Self Adualization 

Courses are $50 for 5 training periods 
$87 for 10 training periods 

Each person receives a graph of his or he r brain wove readout for 
training period and a final readout for comparison of their alpha 
improvement . 

~ 
Phenomological sciences institute TELEPHONE (714) 459-2600 

A NON PROFIT INSTITUTION 
The 19th annual Jumping Frog Jamboree was held at the Del 

Mar Fairgrounds on Sunday . In several divisions , frogs from 
all over the county were measured for three consecutive 
jumps. Longest jump of the day went to Boomer, entered by 
the Solana Realty Co. lIoc!mer was beat off in the finals , 
however. by a chick frog named Kim , In a special heat, the 
Sheriff's Dept. and the Highway patrol entries jumped all over 
each other with John Law. of the Sheriff'S office copping the 
honors . In other jumping action. Kowalski. the smallest frog at 
one·quarter inch. the largest. a tie between Prince Rupert and 

~Ido at 912 inches. and the best dressed frog. Prince Rupert all 
Jumped away with honors. Some of the winners will 
undoubtedly be hopping over to the famed Frog Jumping 
Contest at Angels Camp this May 20. 

Cafeteria at 8 P.M. Tuesday 
(tonight) . '~ ____ ~====~=======~~~~~d 

@ •••••••••••••••• ~ 
• PREPARATION fOR SUMMER • 

• LSAT • 
• • 
• GRE ATGSB • 
• NOW ENROLLING • 
e . P r rC)Mt"'·on lOr Its!,. rf'Q\,I.ft'O l tv .om·",on 10 e e LX"\! Q'"OU4

'
P \(rtOOI\ • 

• c, ~ ""5\ -00 lOUr!t(O\ \maller QrO\ip'lt 
, • "1"'''' ItO ' apr 'tUDr'\ tor ,., ... ~ • 

• C iJur\f' •• UI"" ,- 01"l11a l"'h 1. 00""0 
, • H, ·"h· .. ,L.O~ ·'· olI ttr a O'f'O~,. .. ODy'''C)(:rI\ "f'l"tnl,elo e 

• STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ S,nce 1938 • 
• IN SAN 01£10 AREA (71q) 27q-96~O • 
i •••••••••••••••• ~ 

UCSD AND CAMPUS PROGRAMMING 
BOARD 

and 
SAN DIEGO AIR WAR VOTE 

Present 

DAVID HARRIS 
THURSDA Y, May 4, 1972 

UREY HAll 
BOX OFFICE 

or 
453-3362 

Revelle Csfeteria 
8:00p.m. 

$2.00 UCSD Students 
$2.50 Other (ollege advanc:e 
$3.00 General Ad. & other College at door 

DR MICHAEl DIAN 'S HYP· 
NOSIS AND SELF HYPNOSIS 
RECOR D for memory con-
centration, Educa tiona l sug-
gest ions, weight reduct'on, 
stop smo k,ng , relaxation, 
othlet,cs, ovo ilob le at the 
UCSD Booksto re. Also Dr 
Dean's books, 
Why Do We Jump to Conclu· 
SlOns ?, Th" Closed Mmd, How 
to Lessen Misunderstandings , 
and Understanding and Being 
Underltood. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327f. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. · 50t. 
945- 5,30 

womenWticome 
Closed Sun. & Man 

233-8328 

May 2, 1972 Triton Time5 Page 3 



itori tiIlles No Confidence 
UIIhI"ly of CIIifGniI. .. .,. Carolyn G re~ 

La ...... CIIifanIiI ta37 
(7141 4&3-2000,_ 1011, AdwIrtiIint txt. 1017 

Molly SeMn, Editor·in-Chief Terry Borak, Business Manoger 

n. ................... ..."....Ity .... TiltON TIMIS .......... AI """ ...... 
...... "' ............... " ..... -........................... ~- .... 
.. ...tv ...... ~ ......... TiltON TIMIS. AnY"" ..... telUlMnit ...... t .... puWithH .. 
........ thtuW ...... it ............ Dirtcttr, TilTON TIMIS, 117 ... Hal, UCSD. 

Strike For 
Freedom! 

Two years ago, millions of 
students throughout the country 
vehemently protested the invasion 
of Cambodia and the killings at 
Jackson State and Kent State. At 
that time, many people felt that 
surely now the government would 
listen to the pleas of its citizens. But 
It didn't. 

One year ago, over 1 million 
people massed in San Francisco and 
Washington to plea once again . 
Surely now ... but it didn't. 

So two weeks ago the major North 
Vietnamese cities of Hanoi and 
Haiphong were bombed in answer to 
the North Vietnamese invasion of 
South Vietuam? The question mark 
does not doubt the bombings, but 
how is it possible for one to invade 
one's own country? 

There is only one invader in 
Vietnam, and it is not the 
Vietnamese. 

Where they may disagree on 
every other point, conservatives, 
liberals, radicals and 
revolutionaries all hold one idea 
dear to their hearts, an idea indeed 
common to the whole of humanity -
freedom. 

Trivialities aside, America was 
founded in the quest for freedom . 
Freedom was inherent in the 
American dream - that Utopia just 
beyond the always-distant horizon . 
America is still dreaming, but the 
dream has become a nightmare, 
forcing itself down the throat of a 
world that does not want it, at least 
in its present state . Yet America 
persists in its efforts to bring 
freedom to the world by slowly 
destroying it. 

Sign The Cal 
PI RG Petition 

Cal PI RG will be a student 
funded, student directed group of 
professional lawyers and scientists 
working year round on the problem 
that students feel are detrimental to 
the public interest such as racial 
and sexual discrimination, 
pollution, governmental 
irresponsibility, corporate violence 
and occupational safety to name a 
few, 

The purpose of the petition is to 
register the support of the majority 
of the students of this campus for a 
fee increase not exceeding'S4 per 
year per member, If a majority of 
UCSD students support this fee 
increase, we can approach the 
Administration as a representative 
body and ask for permission to have 
a fee increase . The fee will be 
subject to waiver in 'the event 
someone does not wish to pay. 

Contributions as a manner of 
generating revenue are sporadic 
and ineffective. The whole purpose 
of PI RG is to combat sporadic and 
ineffective student activity by 
hiring full-time professionals to 
represent student idealism. Full-
time lawyers and scientsts are not 
going to work on a day to day basis. 
The fee system is a consistent 
operation and if PI RG can tie into it, 
the PI RG will be consistent and 
effective , The fee increase is crucial 
to a successful PI RG . 

The TRITON TIMES urges 
students to demonstrate their 
concern by signing the Cal PIRG 
petitions now being circulated . This 
is a vital step towards uniting 
students behind concerted action, 
and building a base of student power 
in this area . 

In the middle of last quarter, voluntary fees 
were accepted by an overwhelming majority 
of students : 73% of the total 40% wbo voted. 
Tbe AS president, Paul Kaufman, said earlier 
tbat if 50% of voters oppesed the AS in tbis 
way, it would have a moral obligation to 
disband. Nothing is being done to implement 
this. The AS and the administration of UCSD 
are keeping careful, frightened silence, 

Originally, tbe demand was simply an 
often-repeated rigbt-wing attempt to sabotage 
their personal enemies. It had been rejected 
year after year. Most students wanted the AS 
to go on supporting valued activities such as 
concerts, clubs, newspapers, movies and 
dances, and to develop innovative programs 
which individual initiative could not supply. 
Had the AS been competently. and honestly run 
tbis year, it would bave faced no such defeat 
as it has now taken. The blame cannot be 
placed on general student opposition to the AS 
either in philosopby or on personal grounds. 
(Except for the DIMENSION Mafia and their 
hangers-on sucb as the pseudo-liberal Richard 
Robinson.) It is wbolly the fault of Kaufman 
and his fellow AS officials. Tbey have made 
such a vast display of stupid and arrogant self-
seeking boondoggling that no student who 
cared about the UCSD community could help 
but want some way out. Unhappily. that way 
has been sought not through carefully planned 
refonn but through policies which amount to 
destroying the AS entirely. 

But, _since students now want a voluntary 
AS, and since Kaufman has committed 
bimself to serving tbe popular will by giving 
them one, it is essential that they now get it. 
Any evasion of this responsibility can only 
discredit the AS more. If it accepts its losses, 
it can begin to rebuild. seeking the new 
coalition of support for needed policies. 
Otherwise, how can it survive another year? 
With blatant dishonesty before them, students 
can only seek to get free of the sewer which is 
now campus politics, by whatever precipitate 
means presents itself. This could kill the AS. A 
cancerous leg may have to be amputated if the 
body is to go on living. 

Sense of Community 
Personally, I don't believe that life need be 

lost. Students have a strong sense of 
community in their group identity as students. 
While this has been poisoned in the past two 
years, most students still feel an underlying 
desire to identify themselves by allegiance to 
their fellows . This desire can be put to full use 
only by the AS. No or.ganization aiming purely 
at private ends can tap the full natural 
resources of a community's minds. The 
universities must not fall victim to disunity if 
they are to serve as the articulate conscience 
of a society. Division will leave us sterile and 
helpless before the attacks of Agnew, Wallace. 
Reagan and their like. Unless we are to 
collapse into exhausted cynicism. we shall 
have to rely on one another . And we must have 
some organization and leadership in order to 
do so. 

This cannot be supplied by campus 
administrators. These men are generally 
honest and capable, but they are not students. 

Ten years, even ten minutes, is 
too long to involve oun,elves in such 
idiocy . For freedom, if it is indeed 
freedom, need not be stuffed down 
anyone's throat like so much mush , 

We call upon the entire UCSD 
community to strike for freedo:m on 
May 4 and 5, for as long as one man 
remains unfree, all humanity 
shares his fate . 

''''''''''''M'E'IIc'ij''''''''''''''i 
triton tinles 

Edil" r-in·Chid \Inlh St,h in 
(il\ Etlilur J)a\ id Buchhindt'r 
\Ia'nll!lin,: Etlilur Cann Sharit'k 
Cup> .:tlilur Chut·k (;raham 

Hu~i i'l \ •. 'h:n~lll{'r Tt'rn Harak 
Edil urial J)irt't'IM ~lark'Sit:~el 
\rl" F lilm turrit, Hi .. kt,\ 
Spu -I Etlilur \Iikt, nalh 

"hujo~raph~ Etlilur Jew Ea~I('rn 

Travel """hile 
you .-tudy 

BUD'1D1er 
••••••••• 

FOR 8 ~EEKS 
$485 

UNIVER.SITY 
OF MEXICO CI 

INCLUDES 
• Transportation 
• Tuition 
• Accommodations 

Por ~u.r'ther in:fo. 
'1lVri'te or c .-,11 : 

They don't share in student culture and can't 
really feel its collective needs. 'Ibe AS Is tbe 
ombudsman or public defender of the student 
community. or should be so. We have seen 
examples of administrative rivalry, 
carelessness and bureaucratic stagnation. 
Only through the AS can enough feedback get 
througb to end this. Who will defend students 
against the monolith? Tbe AS abould support 
open faculty evaluation. retention of 
competent officials, wider knowlqe of 
faculty and staff activities. These vital alms 
should not be left up to interest groups and 
muckrakers. . 

POIitlve FuetloIII 
Even more important, who would replace 

the positive functions of the AS? The AS is on 
the same level as the administration, in having 
official status. It is also on the same level as 
the students. This is being forgotten in the loss 
of public trust following recent abuses of 
privileges inherent in official AS poIitions. 
Still, the AS can be the middleman between 
tbe officials and the buman needs of students, 
This power bas been used irresponsibly. but 
wby would anyone seek to block its responsible 
use? We all need a channel for creative 
participation in the decisions whicb shape our 
own lives? Wbat otber channel is there? Must 
we abandon our hard-won traces of 
democracy? How can the anarchic diversity of 
student needs be dealt with. unless we have 
the leadership which can unify us, and 
properly ask us to sacrifice for common 
advantage? Paul Kaufman is quite right about 
the individual 's responsibility for his 
community IS well-being - it isn't his 
pbilosophy tbat I disagree with. only bis 
failure to live up to it. We are a community : 
we can be a structured and effective one, or 
we can sink into the worthless cbaos of laissez-
faire. Tbe AS makes the difference. 

This is so obvious that I feel everyone would 
unite behind a restored AS before long. if it 
were to stop destroying its own credibility. Let 
us all hope that it does so, and that more 
competent officials replace the present group. 

Further favoritism would amount almost to 
public theft. It would make tbe AS hated. 
Further evasion of its responsibilities will 
make it despised. Further lying, and 
incompetent lying at that. will make it 
ridiculous. We cannot afford this, 

I think Kaufman should essentially abdicate 
for the next few months, avoid meddling with 
the next elections, and let a better successor 
apPf'.ar. He bas imposed himself on us long 
enouah. He turns everyone he touches into 
laugfung gas. He has threatened and 
intimidated his critics, given handouts to bis 
friends, and ignored public welfare to a point 
where noththing can save his image. Tbat 
image bas to be made up for by tbe AS, whicb 
thus must seperate itself from the taint of bis 
policies. Only then can it begin to reclaim its 
true place : the vital center of our e»llective 
activity. 

The AS is dead. Long live the AS! 

WlHAV",. 
PIISONAL TOUCH . 
WlAlSOHAVI 
nil GllAYIS' 
It CASUAL WIll 
SBTAUSIlt 

The lintON TIMES II off,(,olly 't(09n".d ond luppo,ted 010 Itud,nt 
new' ?apo, loy the (om"",n,catIOM !oo,d al the Un .. e" ,ty 01 (ol,lo,n,a, 
Son )"&0. Su,Id,n9 250. Matthewl (O",PUI. lo Jollo . (ol.lo,nlO 92037 
PublICation " .... IC. w.ekly on Tueldoyl and F"doyl Off,(olo'elocoted 
on ,oom 117 Siak. Ha ll . on th. Re.elle (amput Fo' adverttl,n9 phone, 
.53·2000, X 1017, la' .d,toftal 0' n.w, phone X 101 6 

Tenochtitlan·Mexico Travel Agency 
Box 2'6279. L . A .. CAL. 0026 
(213) 487-6235 

... 
7_1 GIUID 

LA JOLLA 
C54-7169 

Page 4 Triton Times May 2, 1972 



1M Softball • . 
~ Two squads vie for ~rlp 

Baseball squad 
slides by sec 

Mark Young 

As the season is slowly drawing to a close and the sun is 
radiantly setting in the West, the UCSD bas~ball tea~ has 
decided that losing is not as fun as the masochISts make It out 
to be. Therefore, taking matters into their own gloves, they 
took both ends of a doubleheader from Southern California 
College over the weekend. Both games were close all th~ way 
with the Tritons prevailing 8-5 in the first contest, and 3-2 In the 
second. 

The first game should have been dedicated to captain Curt 
Jenkins as he stroked three hits and scored five runs. An 
amazing feat indeed considering that the team only scored a 
total of eight. Curt, making his premiere appearance at 
catcher, ripped a triple, double and a single to turn in his finest 
performance so far this season. The game was a see-saw battle 
most of the way. The Tritons scored first in their half of the 1st 
inning but were tied up when SCC scored their first run in the 
top of the 2nd. The San Diego boys then scored one in the 2nd 
and in the 3rd to go ahead 3-1. 

This lead, however, didn 't last long. Southern California 
College tied the game in the fourth and then went ahead in the 
5th when they scored two more runs. This two-run lead lasted 
about as long as it took one team to get off the field and the 
other to get on as the UCSD nine scored rive big runs in the top 
of the sixth . This ended the scoring for the game as Pete Yocky 
finished out his fine pitching stint shutting out sec over the last 
two innings. 

The second game was once again eliminated by the fine play 
of Curt Jenkins. Leading off the first inning with a walk, he 
reached third on a hit and run by " Left-behind" Goddard and 
Dave Wright. Wright then delivered a clutch single to drive in 
Jenkins for the only run of the inning. sec came back in their 
half of the first with one run , and then took the lead in the th ird, 
2-1. UCSD scored one more in the fifth inning to tie the game 
and set the stage for Curt to work his magic once again. 

This time it was the seventh inning and the game was on the 
line. He singled and reached second on a throwing error, just in 
time for Goddard to drive him in with the winning run. John 
Clark came through with a fine pitching performance and was 
aided by the clutch fielding of Chuck Bahde. 
The two wins puts the Tritons record at 9 and 12 with four 
games remaining. They include one away game with Cal 
Baptist on Tuesday. a home game with USIU Thurs.day - and 
the final games of the season - a doubleheader agamst Biola 
here on ~aturday . 

Hayride set for 
this Friday 

Mork Liska 

The UCSD P.E. department is bringing it on home to (and 
for ) you . In an effort to be a well -rounded institution. the PE 
department is offering something for yo u country and pseudo-
country. folks . - namely a hayr ide. . 

That's correct. people. A good. old-fashioned. country type 
hayride. Also scheduled for the eve~ing are a ~arbecue and 
dancing. The price for all of these excltang events IS only $1.50. 

The group will meet in the parking lot at 5 p.m. thiS Friday. 
May 5. The event is limited to the first 100 p.eople so make 
reservations early an the P .E. department office. Be su.re to 
see either Barbara or Renee. or call ext. 2275 for mformatlon . 

Iltgh Tide Low Tide 
Sunnse 6.10 unset 7 :44 

A\1 Ht PM Ht AM Hl. P:\l Hl. 
Mav 3. ,\'~d 2:46 30 i 33 01 5 ' J~ 2.8 

Ma~' 4 rhUrs 12 30 5.0 4 14 3.2 8 37 0.2 7:04 3.0 
Ma~' 5. f'rJ I 33 47 5:09 3.5 939 0.3 9:26 2.9 
Ma~' 6. Sat 3 03 44 H5 4.0 1042 03 11 :08 2.4 
l\1a\' i . Sun 4 40 42 6 15 4b 1130 0.3 

Ma~· 8 . Mon tiOO 43 6 50 5.3 12 19 1.6 1~ . 14 0.4 
Ma~' 9. Tues 7.00 44736 tiO 1 13 06 13 :57 0.5 

Page 6 Trilon Times May 2, 1972 

durial the ,ame and conductinl post-lame interviews with the 
Pot $lacy elated Orcbetts. Meanwhile, the Goosers warmed up for their 

After many 10lIl hours of softball Sunday, there emerged two 
very happy coed softball teams and one very tired, very 
deflated coed squad. Tournament play moved into the biggies 
as the finalists of tbe winner's bracket, the orchetts and the 
Horny Humpers, squared off at 11 with the loser to meet the 
Yuba City Goosers at 12 to determine the wiMer of the loser's 
bracket. 

The Humpers started off their see-saw contest versus the 
Orchetts on the right foot as Roudebush tanked a three-run shot 
to right. The Orchetts scrapped back however, to ,ain a 3-3 tie 
on an excellent slide into home by Jim Sheffield and fine hitting 
by Choo Choo Hath. Not to be outdone, the Humpers powered 
back into the lead and had a one-run margin 6-5 as the Orchetts 
came up in the bottom of the fifth . 

Kieaboll Broves HeroiDe 
Leslie Keinholz proved one of many heroines for the Orchetts 

as she pulled a Willie Davis, running right through coach Bruce 
Suzumoto's stop sign and sliding home to tie it at 6-all. Leslie 's 
heroics inspired her team, as they came up with three more 
runs before they could be retired'. Discouraged, but not beaten, 
the Humpers came back with hit after hit . By the time the 
smoke had finished , the bewildered Orchetts found themselves 
trailing again, 10-9. 

Roudebush quickly retired the first two batters in the bottom 
of the sixth. Then the male member of that famous Orcouple, 
Randy Eberts and julie Allen, stepped to the plate and powered 
a super-clutch home run to deep left-center. After the Humpers 
went down in the top of the seventh, it remained for the female 
half of the "dynamic duo" to come through with the final 
clutch play on a day of many. As Julie sat on the sidelines 
burning Nathalie 's ears with incredible language because she 
knew it was going to come down to her, the Orchetts 
loaded the bases with two outs. Up stepped Julie 
who promptly lined a shot down the third base line that left 
fielder Wee Boy could not quite reach with a sprawling 
attempt. (That shriek you heard was not a jet but Julie Allen 
going wild .) Final score : Orchetts II , Humpers , lO . 

Palcle Repons 
KSDT reporter Heavy Palcic was out doing his play-by-play 

Frosh surprise 
crew powers 

Mission Bay was the scene of a giant killing last Saturday. 
The UCSD·Lightweight - Freshman four oared crew powered 
their way past the heavyweight freshman fours of UC Irvine, 
Orange Coast College, USC, and San Diego State. 

It wasn 't even close. Under the calm guidance of coxswain, 
Bart Sevilla, John Winkels, Dave Turnquist, Tom Reynolds and 
Paul Brousseau di splayed the perfect combination of strength, 
endurance, and sheer finesse, crossing the two !~i1ometer mark 
two boatlengths ahead o( second place San Diego State. The 
self-proclaimed favorites, Orange Coast College, was third . 

The sweet smile of victory was only on coach Gebur's face 
for one hour , when the time had cc..me for UCSD's varsity 
lightweight eight to race everyone else 's varsity heavyweight 
eights . The Giants won this one with UCSD placing fifth behind 
UC Irvine, USC, San Diego State, and Saint Mary 's College. 

This weekend , the team travels to Long Beach, where the 
lightweights will race lightweights. 

lame with the Humpers. 
On the mound were the two best slow-pitch pitchers in the 

school Jimmy Paul Roudebush and Jon (Frenchy Fuqua) 
LeLevter, both of whom had their stuff and both of whom were 
supported by clutch defensive play. As a result, althoulh ~he 
Goosers jumped into an early 2-0 lead, when the Humpers hed 
it at 2-2 it stayed that way for a while ... quite a while. Although 
the Humpers threatened on numerous occasions (they left the 
bases loaded fin times) they were never able to score the go-
ahead run. Much credit should be given to the fine defensive 
play of the Gooser girls, Patsie, Debbie, Robbie, Alice and 
Alice, Cheryl, and Ke\lie. 

In the eighth the Goosers mounted what looked to be a game-
winning rally . Pat singled, Kellie Magee got on on an error, and 
Frenchy was waited intentionally. One out later, Goose Head , 
Dave Phillips, strode to the plate, one fly ball to th~ outf!eld 
away from victory. He confidently picked on the hrst plt~h 
which he promptly popped into the air behind him where Anme 
Higgins made an excellent catch. At this point D~ve was 
wearing a choke chain saying Yuba City Goat around hiS neck. 

Two innings later (that's right, the ~tto~ of the lell~It) , 
Kellie again got on base. Fuq~a hned hiS t.hlrd hit to right 
sending her to third and as he tned to stretch It for two, he was 
caught in a pickle. Meanwhile, Magee broke for home, and 
although Jon was called out in the rundown, the throw home 
was too late to catch the fleet feet of Magee ; the Goosers had 
won 3-2. 

Softball Nol at It I FiDesl 
Both the winning teams will admit that this was .... . coed 

softball at its finest. It was too tense and too competitive. 
However both take their league games mucb more light-
heartedly, but in a tourney for a free trip to Sant~ ~rbara , 
both will do their best to win, as did the Humpers. ThiS ancludes 
numerous intentional walks , which, while cowardly to some, 
are part of baseball strategy. While these do take the bats out 
of the guys ' hands, the defense is primarily male:oriented ; 
there is no reason the offense should not be female-onented. 

For the Humpers, it was a long day. Perhaps if Sprout hadn't 
tried to catch a softball with his eye (that later became very 
swollen) and AI Shamble had had both wheels in working order, 
things would have been different. Nevertheless , it's the 
Orchetts versus the Goosers at 6, Thursday. If the Goosers win 
they have to beat the Organization again as the latter are 
undefeated. And the following week .. . it 's on to Santa Barbara. 
P.S.'SP ,S.'S ... Oon 't forget the tennis tourney Saturday and the 
volleyball tournament Sunday. Sign up early at the intramural 
office. 

Wilt Chamberlain 
here at UCSD 

One of the biggesl athletes in 
professional sports, Wilt 
Chamberlain, is coming to UC 
San Diego along with the other 
members of his volleyball 
team, the BIG DIPPERS. 

The volleyball match is a 
benefit for Religious Affairs 
and is scheduled to take place 
Mav 13 in the UCSD 
gymnasium. There will be a 
preliminary game at 6:30 p.m. 
between the women 's teams of 

Or-Gro 
OHAIiICALL Y •• 0 •• 

'''UlAl fOOD 
• Produce' PoullfY Products 

Bully's and Mr. G's which wi\1 
be followed by the main event , 
the BIG DIPPERS vs the SA N 
DIEGO ALL STARS. Included 
in the All Stars will be a 
number of players from the 
nationally rated team 
CHARTHOUSE. 

Tickets for the event are 
$1.50 for UCSD students and 
$2.50 for general admission and 
will be available in advance at 
the Urey Hall Box Offire. 

• Meat PrOduttt • DailY Products 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

• Sakery Goods' Grains 
• JUicesl Appliances 

• rood Supplements 

Give Your Family A' Healthful Breakfast 

RAW MILK HARMONY GRITS 
with OR and 

GRANOLA 
Lassen Staff af Life RAW HONEY 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS HOUIS: 
Mo' 10-7 
SAT. 10-6 
SUN. 1-5 

945 GARIET, PACIFIC lEACH HOURS M-' 10-7 
SAl. 10-6 
.SUN. 1.' 7717 FAY 459-7355 '.IKING IN IE.R 

• ~heAAA 
is coming 

Solk.~. · 
C.dued from pqe 1 

Cancer, one of th~ greatest of 
the un-cured dISeases, IS 

• _________ 111 caused by an abnormal growth 

." ~~ ~~~\ # Before buying, let your 
~ ~o1rJ Credit Union test your new ~~ car's loan interest 

performance. 
This simple road test can .... you money. And.lhe 
money you .... by I,nancing through your Cred,1 Un,,,,, 
can also be realized on mobile homes. travel trailers. 
trucks and campers on trucks when financed as 
part 01 lhe vellicl • . 
C8l1loday lor Information about Cred it Umon Auto 
Financing and our free loan protection Insurance 

[}[]~rn 
~T ION UNIVERSITY & STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION ' ,," M,ktr_ St, .. S.n DItto. C.lllom .. 02110 • ~ 2'97 Illi 

5191 COl .... """ .. .,. , San o..ao. t.!,ICW"" 92115 ' ""- 216"210 

Serving aCldemoe and staff employ ••• at UCSD La Jolla campos. S I 0 PI Loma and San YSidro H.allh CI,",c 

• • 

12 Fl.OI. 

BUdweiset, 

(Think about it) 

of a group of cells . If the 
Institute could discover how to 
"tum off" the growth signal, 
maybe some types of cancer 
could be cured. 

But as Dr. Salk emphasized, 
tbe I~ge goal of the Institute is 
to " learn the laws of nature" 
which man as an organism 
must learn to live with. In this 
respect research is meant to 
give analogies on the molecular 
level to guide man 's behavior. 

As Dr. Salk said, " It is my 
view that the use of a biological 
model, the u e of a biologica I 
metaphor, Will help us in 
arriving at a way to 
conceptualize some of the 
otherwise·difficult-to-grapple-
with problems that we have in 
everyday life and in the world 
as a whole. In this way we can 
cure the problem of cancer of 
men rather than cancer in 
man. 

• 

Muir Council Platforms 
coat •• ed from pace Z 

are capable to get things done, 
and know how to get things 
done. This is especially true of 
this university . I have this 
ability , know how, and the 
power and knowledge not only 
to work within the system, 
through the channels, but to 
also cut through the bureau-
cratic red tape that so oflen 
holds up many individuals. I 
can get things done, ) have in 
the past ; some examples are 
the Muir curriculum, the food 
service and the significant 
lowering of both the dorm and 
apartment rates for next year . 

I make no plea to you . the 
students, about immobilization 
and student support. 1 realize 
the students ' apathy and 
general lack of interest toward 
college gover nm ent on 
campus; and I make no bones 
about it. I don't say, ")t 's time 
to get the students together . 
get them interested. and 
working with us (the counci\) 
and supporting us." Rather I 
say this : "Let's get the Muir 
College Council functioning and 
doing things in a big way tha t 
will benefit the students. If the 
council show their support 
more openly. This is because 
the students show their 
support for the council and its 
actions when the issues are 
important, concern them. and 
they know they can help . As a 
prime example, the students 
played an important role in 
changing the curriculum of this 
college, simply by attendlIlg 
the decisive faculty meetings. 
This was an example where the 
students got behind the council 
and worked with them , It was 
an importa nt issue. I say, let 
the council reach to the 
students and then will the 
students express their interest. 
For many times it is not the 
fact that students are not 
interested in doing something 
or not Interested in the changes 

Guggenheim ... 
Continued from Page 3 

These fellows and the 366 
others were awarded their 
fellowships by a committee of 
selection consisting of Dr. 
Mark Kac , professor of 
mathematics, Rockefeller 
University : Dr. Arthur 
Kornberg , profes sor of 
biochemi stry . Stanford 
University School of Medicine : 
Dr. W.F. Libby. professor of 
chemistry UCLA : Dr. Robert 
K. Merton , professo r of 
sociology . Columbia 
University, chairman : Dr. 
Charles Muscatine, professor 
of English. UC-Berkely : Dr. 
Marcus M Rhoades, professor 
of botany. Indiana University. 
and Dr. Samuel E. Throne , 
professor of legal history , 
Harvard University. 

LA JOLLA 
-.. 

PHARMACY 
Sdttol s."n.s 

C.s_tics i 
955 Prospect 

that involve them ; it is the facl 
that the council has not started 
anything or has not told the 
students what they could do or 
what role they could play, as a 
group of students. 

I will make no long , 
complicated stand on why I 
picked the AS repr~sentatlve 
position, for there IS no real 
reason ' other than the fact that 
I unde~stand the AS , and this 
position as AS rep will give me 
an even greater ability and 
leverage to help the college. 
Also with the state of flux the 
AS g~vernment is now in , (with 
the voluntary fees thing and 
ali i its role, purpose and 
function as a student 
orgamzation will be deeply 
evaluated next year. By bemg a 
member of this body and a 
representative to John Mui r 
College I will be able to help 
influence and lend my ideas to 
the restructuring of the AS as 
to benefit John Muir College. 

My experience has included 
many committees. such as the 
Muir Commons Food Service 
and FaCilities Committee and 
the AS Housi ng Poli cy 
Committee. I will make no 
statements on what was done 
wrong thi past year, and what 
could have been done instead. 1 
look forward to next year. I 
will make no promises to the 
students or set any goals. I will 
simply deal with the student's 
problems and gripes , and solve 
them . 

1 know how to get things done 
for the students I know they 
can be done. And I will do 
them. 

----

Michael Glbb , Antonio 
Serrata and Mitchell Spellman. 
also candidates (or the MUir 
College Council did not present 
platforms to the TT The 
election Will be held thl 
Wednesday and Thursday on 
the Muir Campus 

theoretical studies in fluid 
dynami cs : Dr . Dan L. 
Lind ley, Jr .. profe sor of 
biology, for experimental 
studies in Drosophila 
cytogenetics ; Dr. Avrum 
Stroll, professor of philosophy 
and chairman, department of 
philosophy. for studies in 
statements and propo ilion : 
Dr. Charle W Van Atta , 
associate professor of 
engineering physics and 
oceanography , for studies of 
the statistical structure of fluid 
turbulence . and Dr. Herbert F . 
York, professor of physics, 
former UCSD chancellor, dean , 
Office of Graduate Studies & 
Research (on leave , I for 
research and writing on the 
technology , politics and 
strategy of the nuclear arms 
race , 1939-1971 

TheAA 
, . 

IS commg 

iMS 
10% 

DISCOUNT 
with this 

oJ 

PlZZA'MUClTESSEI 
1776 Sunset Cliffs Blvd. Opens 11 A.M. 

May 2, 1972 T ritan Times Page 7 

> 



.. 

~---classifieds------------------"'" 
personal 

One lion-like mouse cltcher 
Ind one cuddly Cit 
(Persilns), need I 
temporlry home - board 
paid 7SS-G6S1 Ifter S:30. 
(SIS) 

travel 

1 ticket L.A. to London, S9S 
Mon. 8 May . X 172~, John, 
after 6. 27~-2516. (5 /2) 

Riders wanted : Going East. 
May 9th. Call Smeg Tla Yes-
No 7S5-8485 . (S / 2) 

lost & found 

LOST: Gllsses. Brown 
Imber pllstic frlme. 
Brown lelther Clse. Plelse 
clli ~-687~ any-hour. (S/9) 

FOU NO : One pair of 
sunglasses by Revelle 
Cafeteril. Call Llrry at ~53-
8651 (5 /9) 

LOST : 6 mos. old, small 
black & white cat (M) near 
the Muir tennis courts. Ca oo 
453-5746 

Key (5 ;: 2) 

tuesday 
The Chrlstlln Science 

Orglnlzltlon will hold Its 
regullr weekly meeting 
tonight It 7 P.M. in the 
Bllke Conference Room. 
All students Ind flculty 
members Ire cordilily 
invited to Ittend. 

The Sin Diego Lawyer's 
Guild Ind the Legll 
Committee of the Sin Diego 
Convention Coalition 
presents Mlrlon Brando in 
"l5urn" It the Strand 
Theatre ~9S0 ·Newport 
Avenue in Ocean Beach at 
7:00 p.m. and 9 p.m. 
Donltion : Sl .00. 

For all Black Science 
Students : Interested in 
sickle cell screening, 
helping others in science 
studies and other projects? 
There will be a National 
Black Science Student 
Organization meeting 
tonight at 6:30 at ~228 
Moraga Avenue in 
Clliremont. For further 
information contact the 
NBSSO office X 2382 or 
Sheila Walker at 272-0749. 

Wednesday 
PIRG: It's time for the 
campus to get Involved In 
finding remedies for unfllr 
corporate hiring, 
Idvertlsing, winton 
destruction of lind. What 
hiS the government done 
lbout these things? Come to 
the PIRG meeting todlY at 
S P.M. and find out what 
YOU Cln do about it. We 
need YOU R suupport. 

Student-Flculty discussion 
with Dr. Ebbe Ebbeson and 
students from his Psych 1~ 
class. Topic will be 
"Psychology in 
Education." Wednesday, 
MIY 3, Revelle Informal 
Lounge at 7:30 P.M. 

Lit Department Informal 
Afternoon meeting: the well 
known poet and editor of 
caterpillar magazine 
Clayton Eshleman will read 
his poetry and discuss the 
concept of his magazine. 
Revelle I nformal Lounge, ~ 
P.M. 

thursday 
AVIIon Hili, S& T, Ind 
Diplomacy gimes hosted by 
the Triton Wargamlng 
Society. I nterested players 
Ire Invited to bring Iny 
games or wlrgames to 
Seminar Room 102. Tioga 
Hall, Muir. Meeting from 7 
to 10p.m. 

Professors, Llbrlrilns, 
Telching Assistants are III 
invited to find about AFT 
successes Ind policies. Plul 
Goodmln, Professor of 
History at Davis Ind 
Chlirman of the AFT will 
speak. ~:OO pm in Revelle 
Infor'!'al Lounge. 

Hoedown. Live music. 8:00 
pm in Muir Commons. 

friday 
The Grelt, glorious, 
stupendous, colossal 
science fiction and fantasy 
club meets todlY (lIS 
Ilways) at ~ P.M. in lower 
blake. (Yes, Pat, there may 
be sirians.) 

advertisements for ourselves 
~--announcements----------------""""" 

General Announcements 

ATTENTION STUDENT 
LOAN BORROWERS 
Graduat ing students or 
students who do not plan to 
return to UCSD for the Fall 
quarter beg i nn i ng 
September 18, 1972 and who 
have outstand ing NDEA, 
Ed uc at i ona l Fee 
Deferme n t , Health 
Professions, Regents' or 
other type loans, should 
contact the Loan Collect ion 
Off i ce , 204 Matthews 
Campus, regard ing an exit 
interview. Deferment of 
Payments and part ial can-
cellation of loans may be 
ava ilab le to you . F ind out 
by call ing Jane Fitzgerald 
or F lo Rodgers, ext. 2616, 
for your exit interv iew ap-
pointment . 

The Reve lle Guest In 
Res idence Committee is 
try ing to plan a tr ip to the 
Pa lomar Observatory for 
Saturday, May 6. If about 35 
people are interested and 
will ing to pay 51, we wi ll 
rent a bus. Sign up in the 
Reve lle Resident Dean 's 
Off ice before May 3. 

ATTENTION !!! ALL 
MUIR SENIORS 
A list of sen iors who have 
declared their cand idacy 
for graduat ion for Spring or 
Summer 1972 has been 
posted in the Muir Provost 
OffiCE. 
Please stop by the off ice as 
soon as possible to conf irm 
your plans for graduation . 
The dead li ne for f i ling 
candidacy is May 3rd, so 
any deletions or add itions to 
the li st must be made by 
that date. 

Muir Commuter lockers are 
still ava ilable from the Muir 
Dean's Office. The lockers 
Ire 51 .00 for Spring quarter . 

Page 8 T ritan Times May 2, 1972 

The Five and Dime 
Coffeehouse needs people to 
Sign up for one hour shifts 
on any of the nights we are 
open. As you know, the Five 
and Dime is entirely non-
profit and is volunteer 
staffed . Come by any night 
and sign up for some hours 
- you'll meet some nice 
people and be doing Muir 
College a lot of good . 

The Muir College Student 
Graduation Committee is in 
the process of collecting 
suggest ions and donations 
from Muir College seniors 
for the sen ior class gift. 
Suggest i ons and 51 
donations wi ll be collected 
in the Off ice of the Muir 
College Dean, at tables 
wh ich will be set up at noon 
May 3rd through May 9th in 
the Muir Commons or by 
members of the committee 
in person. Suggestions for 
possible free entertainment 
for the precommencement 
act ivity are also needed and 
can be offered at any of the 
above locations. The Muir 
College Student Graduation 
Committee : Bob Thornh ill, 
Diddo Clark, Howard Eno, 
Jerry Turner. 

The I nternationa l Club of 
UCSD announces a Fund 
Ra ising Dinner to be held 
Saturday, May 6, 1972 at 6 
PM at the International 
Center, Matthews Campus. 
Featuring International 
CUISine , Polynesian 
Dancers, music. Masters of 
Ceremony - Sam Hinton, 
Folk Singer. Tickets - Single 
57 .50 - Couple 51'i .50 . 
Students can obtain tickets 
provided you cook a dish for 
15 people. All proceeds to 
the International Center are 
tax deductible . Call ext. 
19412, for further details. 

A duplicate Bridge tour-
nament will be held every 
Sunday at 7:30 in the South 
Dining Hall . Information-
Barry-453-0886. 

Senator McGovern needs 
both campus and precinct 
workers now! If you are 
interested, call Hank 
Steiman at 453-7393. UCSD 
STUDENTS FOR 
McGOVERN. 

SOME GRAD OOLS 
ARE MORE CHALLENGING 

THAN OIHERS. 
It's graduation day and 

there you stand ... diploma 
in hand and future in doubt. 
You could go on to graduate 
school. Or you could look for 
ajob in today's ever,tighten,. 
ing job market. Or, you could 
put your education to work 
immediately by aQplying for 
the Air Force'sOfficerTrain, 
ing School program. 

Upon qualification, 
you'll find yourself begin, 
ning 12 weeks of specialized 
study designed to prepare 
you for the challenge and 
responsibilities of an officer's 
commission. And, give you 
the chance to go on to flight 
school to earn those famous 

silver wings as an Air Force 
pilot or navigator. 

OTS is your chance to 
break away from the crowd 
andberecognized.Forall the 
facts, mail inthe coupon. Or, 
call 800,631 ' 1972 toll free: 

Remember,with an Air 
Force future, the sky's no 
limit. . In New Jersey call &"(1·962·2803. 
r~iR"FORCE ~~TiN;;Rv;CE'"~'~1 
I DIRECTORATE OF ADVERTISING I R~AV ) RAI\DOLPH AIR FORCE BASE I I TEXAS 781i8 I Pic.", .. nd me more Info rmllion on A" Fore. OTS. I 

N.me I I Add.... I I D ... ofBln h S.. I 
I CilY COUn'y ____ _ 

I So... Zip I 
I D. ,. ofGndu. ' Ion ___ _ x hooL. __ I I I unde",."" ,he", " no abU •• ,,,",. I 
LtW ,..1eIf .. the Air Force. .J 



volume 1 number 2 
r 

untitled 
i think life is a plogiarism 

we stole 

from God's 

mumbled sleep. 

Aubrey 
Despite the varied 

complaints against 
picturing a her-
maphrodite (albeit a 
victorian her-
maphrodite, in the 
proper state of 
undress) in the Arts 
supplement of 
Aubrey last quarter, 
Aubrey is back with 
articles about people 
who: eat the heads of 
chickens and pon-
tificate about current 
cinema; people kill-
ing off roses and 
other reople; people 
who ie down on 
sumptuous cushions 
and watch old mo-
vies; and, lastly, 
anomic folk who act 
in plays and such. 
Read on. 

2 may 1972 
--- -~--------------

! '4-0~::::::?~~ 
,------------------------

Valentine 
Do not fold , spindle, or 

multilate 
My love. 
Uon 't tear my dream in two. 
For somewhere under all the 
words 
Lie thoughts I think for you. 
OhPoet, 
Gather up my me 
And treat my love as due . 
Shirk all responsibility 
And make the truth come true. 
If love awaits me 

Let it come 
As Autumn ought 
And summer some. 
But if my grasp is not to seize , 
If love is torment, love is tease. 
The pain rips. 
Eclipse 
Please. 

No, not for me, my fate is fated 
Folded. 
Spindled. 
Mutilated . 

L. Deckel 



.4 

factory's fourth year 

• 
• 
• Q) 

. ~ 

e 
0 
= ea 

~ 
o 

% May 117% Aubrey Pale % 

.. b " a raxas ... 

slreetlheatre ... 

Iwild inp; the I'aclor~ ... 

tim "irsc" 

.bomaly: departure from the usual. Indeed 
our Anomaly Factory is a departure from the 
usual. Four years of hard work and 
concentrated efforts by the Anomaly Factory 
have resulted in giving the community 
exposure to street theater. environmental 
theater, black theater. absurd theater and 
living theater. . 
" In Apri,~ of '~. the Anomaly Factory was 

started With the formation of an 
improvisational workshop wbich put on two 
very successful outdoor performances ' 
" Harvey Meathook" and " Red Tap~ 
Menace". October marked the beginning of 
The Anorna'ly Factory as a full time street 
theater .. Course credit was offered during the 
academiC year under both Literature 199 and 
Drama 199. Six different productions drawing 
crowds of up to 1500 people per show 
established the Anomaly Factory as an 
effective communication medium. . 
. A year. passed. and in April of 'QI the 

construction began of "The Anomaly 
Factory" on Matthews Campus. The space (a 
1940's Marine Latrine ) was liberated from 
A&E and tbe Central Library. Building 
material was purchased on a grant from the 
President's Contingency Fund. Labor was 
supplied by the Factory'. By October enough 
building had been completed to allow the 
Anomaly Factory to put on their major indoor 
production for that year. " ABRAXAS". 

This was an example of environmental 
theater: The public ate it up . The play oversold 
three mghts a week for six weeks. 

M~king , this production possible was a 
RegistratIOn Fee grant which allowed the 
thea~e! to set up some basic technical 
faCIlities. Courses were offered during the 
year in both Experimental Theater (Drama 
III and Electronics in Theater !Drama 12 1. 
Street productions were fewer in number but 

st~ I1 extremely popular and effective. Some 
slick administrative handiwork killed the 
possibilities for any courses to be offered the 
following year . Even though enough students 
offered to pay course costs and were backed 
by half the student body and over 200 facultv. 
grad students and staff. the Provosts said no. 
At this point. it was decided that the theater 
would operate better outside of the academic 
structure anyway. 

The perfo'rmers took a break in Julv '70 
while the director made an extensive stu'dv of 
West Coast Theater. There were m'anv 
meetings to decide about the 1970-1971 Reg. 

~~~ grant. It was during this summer that the 
initial plans were drawn up for computerizing 
the theater 's technicals . The Anomalv 
Factory began the year 1'70- '71 ) with a 
barrage of street productions. intensive 
workshops for the indoor troupe and a series of 
open workshops in dance and mime. " lYE" 
which opened in December and ran for eight 
weeks. had even larger crowds than 
" ABRAXAS" the year before. After " lYE" 
the Fa.ctory turned inwards to speed 
completion of the theater's technical svstems 
and outwards to do sound reinforcement and 
lighting for concerts. movies and other 
campus events. 

This year's multi-media. multi - talented 
effort . " MNX " was accepted with great 
enthUSiasm and support by the communitv. In 
addition. the Factory has been used this year 
for concerts and movies . In fact. vou m •• i see 
the one and onl~ one worth~ of the title "The 
Persecution And Assassination Of John·Paul 
Marat As Performed By The Inmates Of The 
Asylum Of Charanton Under The Direction Of 

.•... The Marquis de Sade" which is showing Mav 
4th and :ith at 7:30 and 9:30. Directed by Peter 
Brooks. it is a movie of the play lof ttie same 
namel by Peter Weiss performed bv The 
Royal Shakespeare Compan:<. Tickets are 50 
cents at all the usual places. 

The Anomal:< Factorv Remains Dedicated 
To Giving You Relevant·Theater. 

Tom Lindberg 

Torn McCorry speaks nuidly .. 
happy to relax for a moment 
and talk about his work. put a 
temporary space between bis 
ideas and his actions. The task 
of producing a play at UCSD 
has always been a great one . 
always a struggle for room. 
money , cooperation. and 
attention. 

Now that the Drama 
Department has at last fought 
Its way out of suppressive 
classroom settings and into the 
smart new theater. many of the 
hassles have been settled, and 
that mistakenly anonymous 
group can finally enjoy the 
more happy problems of 
producing a show. Tom 
McCorry is presently leading 
the movement for theatrical 
identity with "Roses Don't 
Grow Here No More." 

Dressed in paint - spotted 
slacks and faded shirt he talked 
about the pla y with 
understandable enthusiasm. He 
wrote it. is directing it. 
deSigned the sets and lighting. 
and is noticeably content with 
the newly achieved right to act 
positively for a play instead of 
aggressively against a 
challenge of irrelevance. 

Written in 1968 as McCorry 's 
Master 's thesis at San Diego 
State. "Roses Don 't Grow Here 
No More" is an Inside look at 
the 1921 Irish revolution. and 

~hat point alone brings the play 
mto focus with contemporary 
problems. Six harried IRA 
refuge soldiers. lead by. of all 
people. an American. seek 
refuge from the British Armv 
in a peat cottage. With the 
pressure on. their cohesive 
camaraderie begins to 
disi ntegra te . a nd some 
uncommon moti ves are 
revealed to the tune of anti-war 
sentiments. "The men are like 
ratchets working against each 
other '" in a tragi - comedy 
covering an Irish history of wit 
and war as well as the more 
decisive ideas of man. men. 
conflict . and optimistiC 
resolution. 

"The play doesn 't mean to 
show the British or the Irish as 
the villain ." McCorrv 
explained. " It is about people 
and issues. The issues have 
always been there. caused bv 
the people. It shows the 
brutality that basically good 
men can develop toward each 
other. There are no heroes 
among the six characters ; they 
all reveal flaws when things 
are desperate. But. theY each 
also reveal redeeming 
features ," 

McCorry teaches drama in 
the department and in that 
capacity cover. many skills. "I 
see myself first a. an actor. but 
I have written a couple of p1avs 
which have been produced 'in 

the past and I like to direct and 
work with designs," As a 
playwright he prefers to direct 
the first production of his work. 
but as an actor he likes to see 
others do his play . giving it new 
perspectives . fre sh 
interpretations. " I know what [ 
want from my characters and 
as the director I can work with 
determination to get it out of 
them. That is the ideal. but 
then it is also limiting." 

He can appreciate the value 
of a timely accident. and that 
appears to be the real craft of 
the theater . a successful 
balance of the writer 's ideals. 
the director 's interpretations. 
and the actor 's methods. too 
often seen onlv a s 
manipulations from ' above. 
" Regardless of what people 
say. actors are a pretty sharp 
group" They must keep their 
minds acute." 

The cast includes Tom 
Kilroy. Paul Marvel. Tom 
Furth. Payton Turpin. Donn 
Peppler. and Mike Carro\. The 
show opens Thursday. May 4 
and runs May 5. 6. 11. 12. and 
13. All performances begin at 8 
p.m. Tickets are a and SI lor 
students and are available at 
the Urey lfall box of lice and at 
the theater . 

; . • 

• 

, 

mou\.8geek 
" We categorically deny that we .eat the 

heads of chickens and snakes, " defends 
Duncan Shepherd, the coeditor of " The 
Movie Geek," a UCSD journal of film 
criticism that both Duncan and his associate 
Sbeila Sharpe hope to be "a vehicle to tap 
student talent that 's buried in a classroom." 

The in.spiration for the magazine, Duncan 
and Sheila agree , comes from Visual Arts 
Professor Manny Farber. The name of the 
magazine came from Regina Brunig, a 
former "Geek" contributor, who, according 
to Sheila, " has gone feature-length ." The 
money for the magazine comes from the 
Visual Arts Depa rtment and the 
Communications Board . 

Last lall and winter quarters brought 
respectively, the first two issues of th~ 
"Geek." These issues contained capsule 
comments on recent movies, film reviews 
and overviews, and original film scripts. 
With the third issue of the "Geek," due to 
c.ome out in a week, the magazine (sadly, 
like all . conglomerates) is diversifying with 
the addition of short stories to the rest of the 
repertoire . 

Duncan. describes the writing style that 
appears In the magazine as "Iongwinded 
rather than a short gasp." Sheila adds that 
she likes to "dwell on the parentheses and 
what's in them," while Duncan 's s:hoice is to 
"emphasize commas a great deal. " " Some 

I'm Heavy. Ride me to Del Mar. 
si jHidfe .!!.ea, ~ 10 UrI )I.r .1Id !1ft lhe prelliHI allrndanb Ihi\ 

(e 0 r ".\ .nd Lindberp .·irld. 
T~(' ne" .nd imp""rd t ;CNI~1 ( ;ruiM-r h.s annlher inn"'.lh .. 

addlhon: a pl.no "'r h. been in 1.lIed 50 Ih.1 ' .... r lri~ I .. 

~orlh Lounl, "ill no IO"8cr be "ilhoul _II. 
And. remember. if ,OU phone onr d.y in .ct..Me )'''u un 
~I r lpfti.1 kCJ5lter or ~.nic IlinchC'On~" .... ., ride lIu, y 10 I~I 
. .r .nd _ Ibe PftiJic lhe ".Y 8.lboa ".". il . 

people contend thai the writing style that's in 
the "Geek" is too wordy," laments Sheila .. 
... it's intentional,' she concludes. . 

The goals 01 the "Geek," according to its 
editors,. are to publicil.e high-quality writing 
that eXIsts on campus, to view movies from 
every possible angle, and to maintain an in 
depth approach to films rather than 
indulging in slick commentary. 

Duncan and Sheila are eager to receive 
contributions lrom people who want to write 
about movies and they also solicit letters to 
the editor and want "Geek " readers to know 
that the "Geek format is open and the indi-
viduals Geekers (Geeks?) are open to any 
suggestion about format change. 

Other members 01 the "Geek staff include 
Alan Pesin, (the famous recipient of the 
second place award in the San Diego UNION-
TRIBUNE's Academy Award guessing 
game, who, according to Sheila is on the 
staff " to provide some humor:") laurie 

Stoke~, (a Visual Arts graduate student 
who Just had an on-campus exhibit of her 
cutouts ) Jacki Londhair Steve Reid Nina 
Robinson , and John Woodward. Dunc~n and 
Sheila are both graduate students in the 
Visual Arts Department. 

':T~ movies are the most popular current 
eXisting art form," says Sheila, "and they 
demand to be explored with a certain amount 
of rigor." 

UCSD CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOAR 
PRESENTS 

An eveninll of jon 
music featu rinll-

FREDDIE 
HUBBARD 

with 

George Cables 
Jr. Cooke 
Lenny White 
Alex Blake 

FRIDAY May 12, '972 
UCSDGym 8:00 pm 

uln IIAll • • 
I •• 0ffIc. $2.00 UCSD Students 

If $2.50 Other College Students Advance 
4D-U62 $3.00 General Ad. and other Col. at door 

ALSO Appearing: PNEVNA 
LOCAL SAN DIEGO JAZZ MUSICIANS 

% May 1112 Aubrey Pa. J 



al ernative 
theatre- :. ~a'\!~ 

getting 
away 

• gOIng: from the 
cinema Ie confines 

fthe and its prid- ... ........ 
of classic ...... "~ ... ting._ .. , .... , .. ,.m ... ~conventional 

f 'I feel v.ery formal wblle gO.mg about my favorite activity: watching movies. 1beaters like the Umcorn in La Jolla tryes to 'h 1 m S ere.ate a more relaxed atmosphere by having a small audi-m 0 vIe 0 use •• , lorlum and the easy brow~ i~ss that the adoining Mithras bookstore provl~es. In Encinitas, the refurbished La Paloma • 

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS 
Why fight the uphill stream of interviews only 
to get into the 9 to 5 rut! 
THERE IS AN ALTERNA TlVE. 
Imagine yourself working in one of a hundred 
exciting places like 
ENGLAND, HAWAII or SWITZERLAND. 
Such a job may be waiting for you , but like 
the other 98 % of all college grods, you don't 
know how ta apply for it. The FOREIGN VILLAGE 
offers 2 booklets outlining all the specific dote 
you' ll need. - Type of jobs ovailable, re-
quirements, & addresses to mail applications 
to. For 0 better life & further information, 
write to: THE FOREIGN VILLAGE 

P.O. BOX 9200 SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

COMING SOON!! 
the 

EXTRAVAGANZA 
M.~Y 9th thru 12th 

drast ic reductions 
a II on 

merchandise 
I bo 0 k s 
PRIZES TOO! 

come in and register 
university bookstore 

2 May 1972 Aubrey Page 4 

has aba~?ned Its old fashioned conventional seating for a 
homey hvmg room situation. Films at the Unicorn and La 
Paloma are varied a!ld very good, but a new theatre in the 

bea~h area now provides the most interesting in seating and 
fllrrllC fare : Cinema Leo In Pacific Beach. 

The. brainc~i1d of Reba and John Brophy of La Jolla and their 
associates Kirk Shoemaker and Judy Harris Cinema Leo 
screens what they call "great old movies" (su~h asKed dust M.t.~ari, Grand Hotel, Morocco ) and has the most comfor: 
table lOf.ormal seating I've yet to exp+:rience : there are no 
seats, sunply a lushly carpeted floor with cushions and 
headrests for the movie-goers. 

The reaso~ behind programming all the 30's and 40's classics 
Judy says, IS '?ecause the United States is in a nostalgic era: 
Her pr~ference for old movies is : "the films are very 
romanllc, .and not very realistic .. .1 don't like reality .. " Her 
partner Kirk , although he is an ardent fan of Tuesday Weld , 
Tommy Sands,Annette Fumcello and Frankie Avalon , admits 
to really. enJoymg the older films more than the recent beach 
party epics. 

Cinema Leo is located at 944 Garnet in Pacific Beach near 
the corner of Cass Street. This week they are showing Carole 
Lombard .and Ralph Bellamy in fools for scandal (1938 I and 

P~ul Mum .tn hiS academy award-winDIng perform ace in The 
Lile of Emde Zola . (1937 ). 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
11 05 p, ospect S1. 

La Jolla. Calrf. 92037 
(714) 454-0805 

Importers • African fabriCS 
Curios. Arts & Cralts 
Wholesale & Retail 

.-s; • .•• 111. • l.8. " , P .• . 

THE CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD 
PRESENTS 

Elvin Bishop 
AND 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MANNA 
52.00 UCSD Students 

t-------... 52.50 Other College 
FRIDAY ADVANCE 

May 19 53.00 General Ad. 
UCSD Gym and other 

College at door 
TICKETS AVAILABLE 

AT UREY HALL BOX OffICE 

FL.ICKS 
coffee hut - thursday 
SCARLET PIMPERNEL 

and 

LEGEND of the LONE RANGER 
anomaly faetory - thurs. 

& fri. 
MARATSADE 

thurs.7:30 7:30 & 9:30 fri. 

friday nite flieks 
IN THE HEAT OF 

THE NIGHT 
7:30 & 10:30 USB 2722 SOc 

saturday nite 

7 & 10:30 

DARLING 
and 

THE SHOP ON 
MAIN STREET 

USB 2722 $1 

Letters to the Editor 

War 

With tbe renewal of the bombings , and the 
big McGovern showings on the East Coast, all 
America is confronted with the beated issue 
usually denoted as war . 

The latest chic ethic appears to be an 
" internal (oment at the agony and uselessness 
of bombing," or some sucb appraisal. It is 
usually implied that the military is 
intentionally bombing civilians. 

Well the reason that I write again is 
probably the ingrained empirical concepts 
that the Humanities sequence has embedded 
in my skull. In short, it doesn't apPear proper 
to make a decision without looking at ALL the 
interrelated causes and effects. 

War is useless. It shouldn't exist. Ah, but it 
exists. Objective logic does not appear to 
setUe the complex issues, thus MANY parties 
feel obliged to resort to genocide. since they 
have the only way .. . of course! 

To come to the point, why is it that one looks 
at the (Freudian slip? I war, and decides that 
the bombing is bad? Why might not one look at 
the war. and say the terrorists don't smell so 
clean? Why is it that one doesn't look at the 
war. and say the invaders with rockets. tanks, 
guns and powerful firepower don-t smell too 
clean? 

[am going to vote for McGovern (if he ever 
gets a chance to run in November). but [ 
support him because the nation can 't afford to 
have a president who lies , and lies , and lies to 
his constituency. But all yOU' people who 
rampage against the bombing .. . if you are 
going to take the time to try to change the 
power structure constructively. look at the big 
picture. I have a feeling that this nation 
doesn't need another president who tries to 
decree "peace in our time." 

1 wish to close my flammable mouth with an 
ill-fated cliche which my friendly enemies can 
laugh at : if someone aims a gun at your head. 
what do you do? 

Steven Griffin 

Help the Wounded 
With the augmented bombing of Vietnam. 

the war gets worse . Whether this is a source of 
satisfaction or of shame. it is inevitablv 
associated with the loss of many lives and the 

wou~ding of many mo~e people. A large pro· 
portion. of the laller. If they do not die. are 
taken. for treatment to Hanoi. where the 
Swedish people are supporting a hospital. We 
could help them . Christians and human· 
itarians . of whatever political persuasion. 
Interested in supporting the good Samaritan 
work of this hospital. should write to : 

Svenska Vietnamkommitten 
David Bagaresgata 23-24 
Stockholm. Sweden. 

(NOTE ' The Bank of America is affiliated 

with Svenska Handelsbanken. so the transfer 
of dollars presents no problem. i 

Yours faithfully . 
John Dark 

Letters to End the War 
In this country there is an indirect but 

occasionally powerful political tool known as 
" writing your congressman." Most Americans 
take it for granted that their one letter to a 
representative isn't going to be noticed and 
tberefore isn't worth the papt:.. it's written on. 
For the most part, this is true. The letter 
reaches the representative's office, is tallied, 
and discarded. Tbe effect of the letter ends 
there. 

But it doesn't have to be that way. I have 
devised a scheme (farfetched, yes ) whereby 
your letter can theoretically have an infinitely 
expanding effect and reach the desks of more 
senators and congressmen than you 've ever 
heard of. Read on .... 

My proposed letter campaign will operate 
very much like a chain letter. You 've probably 
all had contact witb the old game of chain 
letters. Each person who receives a letter 
sends two letters ahead to keep the chain 
growing and one letter back to someone who 
was an earlier link, that person eventually 
getting avalanched with mail. The concept here 
is the same expect for two important details. 
First of all , instead of sending only two letters 
ahead to insure the growth of the campaign, we 
ask that you send five. The reason for this is 
obvious. No matter how carefully you select 
the five recipients of the letter . you will be 
lucky if even two out of the five keep it going. 
People in this country have a great amount of 
political inertia to overcome before they will 
attempt any action more than voling. 

The second detail in which this letter deffers 
from a chain letter is also obvious. Rather than 
adding your own name to a list of those people 
who will someday be flooded with mail , you 
will put only the name of Alan Cranston. one of 
California 's U.S. Senators. His address 
is: 

Senator Alan Cranston 
2700 Virginia Ave. 
Washington. D.C. 

20037 
So. brieny. the strategy is that each person 

who begins one of these chains will send a 
personal letter to Senator Cranston urging him 

~ot only to support anti·war legislation. but to 
Introduce measures which call for the 
immediate and total cessation of hostilities in 
Indochina . Then. send these instructions to five 
friends, so that each of them can begin the 
whole process over again. Each of them will 
write a letter to Senator Cranston. Each of 
these five friends will then forward these 

A Sllderule for Circles + 
Vernier Caliper· Sliderule • Depth Gauge 
PERFORMS 11 FUNCTIONS 
VERNIER CALIPER - Gives direct readings of diameter, circumference, 
circular area, and linear dimensions to 0.001 inch or 0.02 mm. 
SllDERUlE - Multiplies, divides, takes squares and square roots and 
computes lathe speed in one setting. VERNIER DEPTH GAUGE -
Measures depth , offsets to 0.001 inch or 0.02 mm. PROVEN in use by 
scientists, engineers, lab and shop technicians in industry, research 
and schools. HANDY pocket size. 4~ in. long. Satin finish stainless 
steel, permanently etched scales, imper-
vious to warping or corrosion. With scab-
bard case and instructions Federal 
stock numbers (FSN) assigned. 

Cillhuier IncorporI* 
3344 Indultrt .. Court. 
Suite 3-E, San DIego, CII. 92121 

Immedia,·$1275 delivery. pos'.ge paid 
AVAILABLE AT BOOKSTORE 

instructions to five more friends and so on 
indefinitely, until all the little collective 
apathies finally kill it. With a little luck it could 
go quite a long way and get Mr. Cranston quite 
a mailbox full. 

It is important to remember that there will 
be many letters and petitions circulating on 
campus. It is essential that this letter be 
allowed to break out of the confines of UCSD. It 
cannot be effective until it circulates among 
sympathetic friends and relatives throughout 
the state. Also. among your five letters it would 
be nice to send one or two to clubs or 
organizations which you think might help . A 
letter to Alan Cranston signed and approved by 
members of your father 's Rotary Club will 
carry 'far more weight than letters from 
students . Congress already knows that we 
oppose the war. They must be made to know 
that the rest of the 73% of the American 
population which opposes the war is made of 
people from all walks of life . 

I'll add one more thing. There is no reason 
why this letter need be confined to California . 
Send copies to your friends everywhere. I plan 
to see that the desk of Senator Peter Dominick 
of Colorado gets hit just as hard. 

Please give it a try . It won 't take long. and 
the more of these letters which get started the 
more chance there is that at least one of them 
will grow to the size of a movement. People 
have been saying for a long time that the 
protest movement needs to reach more people 
than just students. Here's a painless way to see 
that it does. 

Bryan Frink 
Muir College 

Disarmament Debate 

By some quirk of fate (intentionally 
perhaps? ) the disarmament debate between 
Dr. York and Dr. Possony has been scheduled 
on the same day as the 100th anniversary of 
Bertrand Russell 's birthday. He was born May 
18. 1872 and died February 2. 1970. . 

Russell was active in working for 
disarmament and the prevention oC war Crom 
the end of World War 2 until hi s death two 
years ago. He served as a mediator between 
Kennedy and Khrushchev during the Cuban 
missile crisis. and he was also an outspoken 
critic of US involvement in Indochina as early 
as 1963. This is not to mention his other 
profound achievements in ' mathematics. 
philosophy and social reform. which have 
earned him a place among the most 
outstanding individuals of the 20th century. 

As Lord Russell was extremely concerned 
during his lifetime with the dissemination of 
information regarding the peril of nuclear 
holocaust. I can think of no better way to honor 

111 UlftCORft ChIma 
WEDNESDAY THROUGH fRlOAY 

IIIlll&IIG1 
SPIIS 

1!CO ' 10 2' "" G.,rno".,. / 1918 
II rno,"~. ot ftPIOftOOe 

.,.AltUWl1 
10 MAV" NAVIIIOT 

• JOpm . USA / 1945 

the occasion than to hold the debate between 
Drs. York and Possony on May 18 in memorial 

of Bertrand Russell . 
Sincerely. 

DaVid KristoffersOn 
~ .S. As Russell was an outspoken liberal. this 
Idea may very well be opposed by the 
conservative elements in charge of organlzing 
the debate .' 

Provacateurs On Campus? 
Wednesday night. after a mass meeting 

against the war. about two hundred students 
decided to walk over to Chancellor McElroy 's 
house. We wanted the Chancellor to make a 
public statement condemning the escalation of 
the war in Vietnam. As people moved out of 
Revelle cafeteria . two students. John 
MacGregor and Frank Phillips. Student 
Board Member of the American Civil 
Liberties Union. after calling the campus 
police to inform them of the march . 
attempted to incite a riot by shouting such 
tbings a ~ " Let's burn down the Chancellor 's 
house" and " Let's pick up some rocks and 
bricks. " 

It seems very strange that these two people 
would initiate such actions in view of the fact 
that they are pressing charges against the 
Ashbrook hecklers. They say that they are 
pressing those charges to defend ' civil 
liberties. Is that what they were trymg to do 
Wednesday night? Or were they trYIDg to 
provoke an illegal ~"tlon against the will of the 
o~her .people involved? It is especially 
dlsturbmg on the part of Phill ips. As a board 
member. does he represent the position of the 
ACLU on such provocation? If so my 
membership in the ACLU has to be 
terminated. But [ do not believe he represents 
the ACLU and would be very pleased to see the 
ACLU censure Phillips If not to revoke his 
membership. 

More importantly is the danger of such an 
action. MacGregor and Phill ips. besides 
making fools of themselves. placed all the 
other marchers in a very tenuous position. The 
people who wanted to speak with the 
Chancellor did not want to attack or endanger 
the Chancellor in any way. We DID NOT want 
to "burn down" hi s house. The right to state 
your opinion is not being denied. If they were 
simply loud everyone would ha ve ignored 
them . But to call for violent. illegal actions is 
an individual choice which should not be 
forced on other people. The only word to 
describe the actions of Phillips and 
MacGregor is pigish. I would expect such 
actions from provacateurs or undercover 
agents . The people on this campus st-ould 
recognize this and consider Phillips and 
MacGregor provocateurs and treat them as 
surn until thP:' show themselves trustworthy. 
If that IS possible. . 

Mark Stevens 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES Afo, ,, CI<A '.' PAGNES 
THE HOME Of THE ARTI(HOKE FR A' -A 

\lar~ c l & Oelil a te--t'll 
Cat c r i n ~- all . i7c [ldrl l(' 

Food to go with I;umpht", io9or1 . l our.n 8ocoll 
WotMr "tt'ItIOfI &. HooliJY COI'IIIte;hoel ;8:I:J Girard \\i~. La Jolla . Calir. LjCJ-51 CJ I 

aaaaaa aaaaaaalall.aaaaaaa acaool ll~laaaaa 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THE OPENING Of HIS OffiCE fOR THE PRACTICE Of 
OPTO.'I' 

A'TIE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA Il YD. (AUO!I from Sporfl Areno 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FillED' 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. -8 P.M.; Sal . 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224·2973 224·2974 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 

May 2, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 




