
e 

rlon 
Vel •• J6, N ..... r S UlIlYerslly .1 (illl.".,., San Dieg. T.es"ay, April ", 1912 

'Universities are 400 Years Out of Date' Margaret Mead 

". doll" tw-k tbat tile movemeDt 
would laave a lI'eat deal of permueDt power if 
it were.'t for tlae popelatioD explolloD, It 

Rick Drom 
" We have a university system that is 400 

years out of date, " according to Margaret 
Mead. Dr. Mead, the world-famous 
anthropologist told the TRITON TIMES this in 
a press conference last week . She spoke on a 
variety of topics including the university 
system, women 's rights, the 18-year old vote 
and changing family styles. The following are 
excerpts from part of that press conference. 
'IT:Are we properly edueatiDg tbe youtb 

today for tbe future? . 
MM : We have a university system that is 400 

years out of date. It moves down from there. 
The least out-of-date system is the nursery 
school. But even the nursery school is out of 
date ... Universities haven 't even discovered 
printing yet. 

'IT: How caD you say tbat? 
MM : Don 't your professors stand there and 

lecture from notes? That's what was done 
before printing. The professor had one book 
and the students had a blank book. The 
professor lectured slowly so that the students 
could write down every word that he said ; so 
that t~ey had a book . The day that printing 
was discovered that sort of teaching was 
obsolete. There is no need to have lectures 
twice. No one should have to write them down. 
We could tape the lectures, video-tape them ; 
we could mimeograph them . 

'IT: Tben what sbould be tbe instructor's 
role in a class? 

MM : He shouldn 't be giving lectures. If he i 
very good he could spend five years working 

on some lectures that were worth something 
and give them once. Then you can video-tape 
them and students can watch them on the wall . 

PerlODallDteraetiOD 
17: Bat would tile leanlDg prOCesl be tbe 

same? lu't persoul iDteracalo. Decessary? 

MM: The instructors could interact. His 
lectures isn't interacting. You would have 
some lectures if you were good enough. Then 
the instructors could interact with the 
students. The professors could spend the next 
fiye years with students developing the next 
lectures. Afterall, no lectures are any good if 
they are not developed in relation to the people 
who are going to hear them . You need about 
five years of interaction with students to find 
out what in thunder you are going to tell them. 

17: How do you view lOme of tlae Dewer 
plul iD edueaUOD like tbe self-leamiDg 
programs? 

MM : They are like the Dalton Plan in the 
1920's. That's 50 years behind. We have been 
having people say all these things and 
experiment with them and then it would die. 
And then they would experiment again and it 
would die again ; because wejust haven 't been 
paying enough attention. We had a very early 
good school system. We had the first public 
school system so of course it 's the most out of 
date. We should just learn that the people who 
do things first become obsolete first. 

17: Co you describe wbat aD ideal class 
would be like? 

MM : I wouldn 't have a ideal. That's another 
ridiculous idea in America There should be 
lots of forms of schools. From the age of 14 on 
our educational ystem should be broadened 
out in 50 different ways. I think that we have 
over-extended the universities enormously. 
We have built a single ladder of education and 
said anybody who falls off at any point is 
inferior to other people. We have made it a 
kind of education that is appropriate for a very 
small number of jobs, and made it necessary 
for everything. I don't think that you need a 
university education to be a florist or an 
undertaker. We have invented a nightmare 
and spread it over the entIre world .... and that 
is the single ladder of education. 

WorkiDg in tbe Past 
17: Hasn 't it worked well in tbe past 

tbougb? 
MM : The past isn't now! The past that thi 

was good for was when this was an agrarian 
country protected by the oceans. People 
haven 't learned that times have changed. 

Telephones. and Taxes-Yes or No? 
Kathy Klunk 

For years people have declined to pay 
federal taxes, for any number of monil 
beliefs. One of the new'er controversies over 
the payment of taxes concerns the tax on long-
distance phone calls. 

"Last summer I shared an apartment with 
two other guys. During that time, because of 
our opposition to the war in Vietnam. we 
didn't pay any federal tax on our phone bills . 
We included a statement to that effect with 
our phone bill and have yet to hear from either 
the phone company or the IRS regarding the 
matter," said one UCSD student. 

"Everyone in mv hall at UC Irvine did it last 
year." Said another student. "As far as I 
know. none of them every heard anything 
aboutit. " 

However, the Internal Revenue Service 
claims that the premise of these people (that 
the tax supports the war) is incorrect. All of 
the federal taxes are collected and pooled in 
the Federal Reserve Bank before being 
distributed for such varied purposes as 
improving education, building roads, and 
financing the Vietnam war. No tax is 
earmarked for a specific fund - be it Vietnam 
or better highways. 

The La Jolla branch of the PaCific 
Telephone Company reports that they receive 

ver~' few bills that neglect to pay the federal 
tax . The wa\' that the\' handle the r .. fusals 
which the~' do receive: is to requIre that a 

letter be included with the bill every month. 
This letter must give the name and phone 

number of the person involved, the month the 
bill is for: and his reason for not paying the 
tax . A note is then -sent to the accounting 
department telling them of the omission. and a 
voucher informing that the tax was not 
collected is forwarded to the Internal Revenue 
Service. 

"We don 't pursue it any farther than that. " 
said one employee in the billing department of 
Pacific Telephone. "After all. we are acting as 
a collection agency. and informing the IRS of 
the client's refusal to pay is all that is required 
of us." 

When the Internal Revenue Service is 
informed of the refusal to pay the tax , they 
attempt to contact that person through 
mailing a notice. This notice acknowledges the 
refusal and asks again that the person involved 
"pay up." Now that person is faced with not 
only the original amount of the tax , but the 
interest on it and a penalty fee as well . 

"We do all that we can to locate the person 
involved and to collect the tax. It may often 
cost more to collect the tax than the original 
tax amounted to ; which is onlv a colossal 
waste of all of the taxpayer ' money," said 
IRS employee Mrs. Pat Houtz. "A much 
better and more effective form of protest 
would be to write ~'our congressman or 
representative and tell him of your feelin~ on 
the war and the way federal taxes are helDg 
spent" 

'IT: Wbat would be your solution for tbis 
problem? 

MM : There is not a single solution. There 
are lots of people who should leave school at 14 
and not come back until they find out what 
they want to do. California made a good start 
on letting them come back with the 
community colleges. The community college 
is a magnificent start ; the only invention that 
we have made since the Land Grant Act in 
education. 

'IT: Do you tbiDk tbat young people will be 
adequately IDvolved and represented in 
politics tbis year? 

MM : There are 11 million newly 
enfranchised voters. They could swing the 
election. This is the only chance that they have 
because they haven 't been absorbed into the 
system yet. The first time a group is 
enfranchised they have great power. Anytime 
that youth really work ; get out enough people 
and organize ; the politicians listen. They are 
the only group in this country that can count. 

'IT: How about In tbe 1968 convention? Did 
tbe politiciaDs listen tben? 

MM : Then they didn 't have the vote. 
Remember they had no power. ow they have 
the vote. There is a lot more organization 
going on that the press will admit. Kids are 
getting elected to party caucuses and running 
for school boards. They are doing a lot of 
things that are not being very well publicized . 

Women's Movement 
'IT: Wbat do you tbink are tbe 10Dg-range 

implications of tbe women's movement? 
MM : I think that it picked up where it 

dropped everything 50 years ago. I think that it 
will have a great impact on society. I don't 
think that the women 's movement would have 
a great deal of permanent power if it weren 't 
for the population explosion. Now you can say 
perfectly clearly to society, "O.K. , you don't 
want us to spend our lives having children. 
You won 't support us." which is qUIte fair 
enough. There isn't any reason whv a societv 
should support a woman until he is 70 just 
because she had 2 babies under the age of 23. 
" If you're not going to support us then you 
have to give us a chance to contribute' a 
individuals." It 's as simple a that. 

TT: But what bappens to tbe family 
structure when women leave tbe borne? 

MM : The famIly Will be right around. The 
family is not postulated on livlDg in an 
American uburb. And it is not postulated on 
the crazy form that it has taken in the last 25 
years. We started on a very stupid tact after 
World War II. I think the major change that 
will come will be that we will have fewer 

families , and better homes. For the 
first time in history it is not going to be 
the woman 's job to look after the 
children by herself. Any man who 
wants than is going to have to take 
equal respon ibility. 

Early Marriages 
'IT: What do you tbink about tbe 

current trend toward earlier 
marriages? 

irresponsibility. There ought to be an 
unbreakable responsibility for 
children, not forever but until they are 
grown. There ought to he trial 
potential parenthood where a couple 
would find out if it could stand each 
other. I think that we should have 
social recognition of people living 
together in a trial situation. I don 't 
think that we ought to have the same 
kind of legal and religious 
arrangement for any couple who wish 
to live together who do not intend to 
have children ... that applies to old 
people too. 

17: What kind of social recognition 
sbould tbere be for two people wbo are 
living togetber? 

MM : The present situation of an 
arrangement approved by the boy 's 
and girl's parents and the dean of 
women is for my money a marriage. 
They just don 't want to call it that. It is 
socially sanctioned by the operating 
people. The people who don't want to 
call it that are the girls who think that 
someday they will catch a man for 
good. Then they will call it a marriage 
and the man will be hypnotized by the 
word marriage : he will stay forever. 

Practice LiviDg 

17: How would a couple know if tbey 
sbould get married? 

MM : I don 't thmk that any couple 
should have children until they have 
practiced living together. And I don 't 
mean just practiced ex The es entia I 
thing is. will they be able to live in the 
same house, work on the same budget. 

TT: Must tbe famllies of tbe future 
resemble tbe pre ent ones witb only 
one motber and one fatber to raise 
cbildren? 

MM : I think that every child needs a 

"I dOD't tbiDk tbat any couple should bave 
cbildreD until tbey bave practiced living 
togetber, " 

V.ote in Del Mar Today 
Polling places for today 's Cit Council 

MM : I don 't think that students are 
fit to be parents. They are divinely 
unfit to be parents. They don 't have to 
have children at 16. or at 18, or at 20, or 
at 25! Young people ought to wait to 
get married until they know that they 
are going to stick together ; that they 
are capable of it. There is hardl a fir t 
marriage that doesn 't break down, 
because nobody knows how to be 
married anymore. 

election are located at Coa t Boulevard and 
North Camino Del Mar ... Del Mar Ocean 
Avenue and North Stratford Ct. 1702 Casar Blvd . 

17: Wby bas tbis come about? 

MM : Partly because it's a kind of a 
marriage that didn 't exist in the past. 
And certainly their parents have not 
been models that anybody can follow . 
We have lived on the crazy po ition 
that you can cut out one parent for 
good: say that he doesn 't exist .. break 
all ties between a father and hi. 
children. It' Impo ible. It' one of the 
thing that ha contributed to th 

Only Two Days left 
There ar only two day left to r glster to 

vote for th Jun 6 pre Id ntial prImary. If you 
have not yet regIstered, you can find a regl trar 
at table on Revelle Plaza , MUIr Common. and 
at the book tore today and tomorrow from 11 to 
I p.m. 



Coastline Drive Begins 
Coastal protection enthusiasts held a press conference last 

Friday on the sands at the end of Emerald St., Pacific Beach. 
Deputy Mayor Floyd Morrow signed one of the first petitions, 
kicking-off a campaign for a statewide coastal preservation 
initiative. 

Roger Hedgecock, San Diego County Chairman of the 
CailfOl'Dia C ... tal A1liaDce said environmentalists throughout 
the state "will circulate petitions to place this initiative on the 
November ballot ." The Coastal Alliance is made up of over lOll 
organizations in the state which have been working to get 
coastal protection laws passed for several years. 

"This initiative will bypass the State Legislature and the 
Governor by placing the issue directly before the voters," 
Hedgecock continued . " We have decided to do this because 
state government has consistently failed to enact laws 
protecting our coast from environmental destruction. It's time 
for action, and we can't wait for passage of bills that may be 
watered down, or vetoed by the Governor" he said . 

The group will be passing petitions for Signatures from 
registered voters, and helpers are needed. Petitions WIll be 
available at the Diving Locker, Sierra Club office, or at the 
Ecology Centre - 583·5369. 

A Winning-Coalition? 
Senator George McGovern, riding a wave of victory from 

Tuesday 's Wisconsin primary. celebrated with 2.000 supporters 
last Wednesday at a fund raising dinner at the San Francisco 
Hilton . Among the supporters were Hollywood stars Julie 
Christie, Warren Beatty, Jack ' icholson, Barllara Rush , and 
Dennis Weaver. 

Senator McGovern told the crowd. who gave him a lengthy 
standing ovation, that " with the right kind of leader hip it is 
possible to achieve peace, full employment, and justice" 10 the 
United States. 

Frank Mankiewicz. McGovern 's senior political advisor, 
speaking at the dinner. stressed that the Senator "ran well with 
every group in Wisconsin. " including farmers, blue·collar 
workers . Blacks. and young people ... He seems to be putting 
together a winning coalition" that will emerge victorious in 
Massachusetts, California. and other primary states in the 
next two months. 

Senator McGovern noted that " the people who really scored 
a victory in Wisconsin" were the "growing army of volunteers, 
young and old alike, who are flocking to this campaign from 

every corner of America ." 

Moot Court Competition 
The University of San DIego School of Law will act as host for 

the Roger J . Traynor California Moot Court Competition 
sponsored by the Conference, of BalTlsters of the California 
State Bar AssociatIOn . The two day competition WIll be April 14 
and 15. 

The Roger J . Traynor California Moot ourt Competition is 
an annual Appellate Moot Court Competition sponsored and 
administered by the Conference of Barristers of the State Bar 
of California in conjunction with a law school designated by the 
Barristers on a rotating baSIS. 

The preliminary rounds will be held in the San Diego 
County Courthouse beginning at 6 p.m. on April 14th. Judges for 
these rounds will be selected from the San Diego bench and 
bar , 'the final round between the top two teams WIll be held at 
2:30 p.m. on April 15th in the auditorium of the State Office 
Building. 

The area of compctition is criminal law and the prosecution 
of an irrepressible Woman 's Liberation advocate who also has 
an interest in marijuana and barbituates . Each team will 
present oral arguments in favor of a side for which they had 
previously ubmitted an extensIve written brier. Final scores 
will be based on the combination of oral and written scores. 

Going to Israel? 
Intermediate Ulpan Hebrew is being offered thIS quarter 

through extension 13 units I by a fIne Israeli teacher. Various 
Hebrew backgr )unds are adaptable to the c1as. level. The class 
will meet on l\torJday or Thursda.\' cvenlngs. 7-10. For details . 
call Laura at 45 \·Q244 . 

I 

Exposi tion Prepa ration 
Entnes ('lose ll rlJune 1 for all dl\'lslons except RabbIts which 

('\0 on .Jun, 15 Art and Photo Shows make other 
arrangement f )r'lOforrnallOn and entry 

PremIum bock lor the 'outhern Call1Olnta EXposIllon June 
~i . through Jul . , h,,'" bp('n pnnt c-d and are rJ \ Jllable at th 
1Jlrgl'Ounds hl'l' lor upph('ants . Entr~ Supcnntl'nd 'nt Hene 
Bohn has announn'd . 

Correction 
IIU' I rllnn (1IIIt '" rl 'J!, rt'l ... Itl Llllllllllllj't' thut i .. IUhl ... II.,(1 till nanw 
nf u nt'\\ t'allll)u" .. Hidal in la .. 11 rida\· ... i ..... w·. I hat i ... 4 I"'('U. j .. 
.... 1 .. ('0. 

. ~gge 2 Triton Times T uesdoy, April 11- 1972 

Ashbrook Speech Heckled 
Dove I4Jcltbinde, 

Rep. John Ashbrook (R-Ohio) , President Nilon's only 
avowed opponent for the Republican presidentialnomlDation 
spote at UCSD last Friday, amid the repeated jeers of a group 
of protesters. 

Ashbrook was greeted in the HL Auditorium by 
approximately 100 persons. As he was introduced, a small 
group of demonstrators extended their applause in much the 
same manner that George Wallace was greeted in San Diego in 
1968. The demonstrators also waved placards. some of which 
proclaimed " ASHBROOK IS OUR HERO," and "SEND THE 
BARBARIAN BACK TO EUROPE." 

"I appreciate the applause, " said Ashbrook when be was 
finally able to speak. 

Ashbrook then discussed the reasons why be is running for 
President. "I ba,'e strong opinions, " he said. "The country has 
a right to hear my opinion. The political system in this country 
is Quite closed. 

"There are too many decisions made by too few people, " the 
Ohio COIIservallve declared. 

Rep. Jolla Albbrook, caDiliciate for tbe Republican Presidential 
DOmiDatlo •. 

Like a bUDcb 01 sweatsuit samurai, members of tbe SaD Diego 
Police DepartmeDt HDcludlng womeD) baiter eacb otller wltb 
bamboo sticks. Their goal is a basic kDOwledge 01 club 
bandliDg, wbicb could come in baDdy duriDg tbe Republican 
Convention iD August. Pboto: Life MagaziDe. 

Mead ... 
minimum of one male and one female 
in the household. There can be more. 
but not less, This is the basic unit and 
core of a family . 

TT: Do you mean, in essence, that 
all out institutions are faulty? 

MM : The thing thal we have to 
reahze is that ever v in titution that we 
have IS out of step WIth the tacts ... 

ever~' single in titution we have. 
II'hl'ther it is schools or hospital or the 
church or whatever Th yare Just out· 
of·step. Th ~. were developed a long 
tIme ago In a dIfferent period We 
haven 't done a thmg WIth them for a 
long time 

The thmg that I would hke \'ou to 
emphaSIze IS that ",e have gut to fix 
almost the whole s\,stem "nd there 
I 'n't anI' u tlOkcnng We ne d much 
more radIcal ur!(ery and radIcal 
medlcallon . becaus things have got 
ver\, out-ol·jolnt. They are out 01 JOint 
because the\ al e dIscrepant. ClUes are 
th(' wrong IW. the commuOlties are 

Protellln ...... ,. ... ...... ...... PresWatial 
cudidate Job AUinet 

Ashbrook stated that he challellles Nixon because he 
believes that changes should be brought about. "The President 
reneged on his 1968 promises and in many cases did the exact 
opposite of what he said he would do," Ashbrook said. 

Ashbrook continued with, "The military must be strong." 
This statement was rejoindered by the demonstrators with the 
call, " Right on pigs!" 

At this point, one student jumped up and told the hecklers to 
"shut up and let the man speak! .. 

During a question-and·answer period tha t followed the 
speech, Ashbrook declared that " Nixon has failed in times of 
crisis." 

Ashbrook continued, "( hope that within two years we can 
have an all·volunteer army, although I have my reservations." 

And concerning amnesty for draft dodgers. Ashbrook said. " I 
think that eventually there will be a conditional amnesty when 
the war ends, although I personally oppose amnesty : it would 
not be consistent with our policy of 'equal treatment under the 
Jaw '." 

Throughout the question·and-answer period. Ashbrook 's 
words were drowned out almost completely by a constant 
deluge of catcalls. When queried as to the reasons behind their 
demonstration. one 01 the demonstrators said. " We came here 
to make it more interesting because he is so boring." 

Ashbrook remarked of the demonstrators. " It is interesting 
that the people who want to be heard usually do not let others 
be heard." This statement was met with the loudest and most 
favorable applause of Ashbrook's appearance. 

When Ashbrook left, many of the off-campus spectators 
expressed concern over the actions of the hecklers. One woman 
stated. "This is why people vote 'no ' on all school bond issues ," 
while another woman declared, " I( people want to act like 
animals then they should be treated like animals. " 

Tom HUll , Dean of Revelle College, said of the 
demonstration, " If the sponsors want to file complaint as to 
the actions of the demonstrators . then we'll take action of 
some sort. " 

A New Revelle Provost? 
A committee of Revelle students, faculty and staff has been 

chosen, and a search is underway for a new Revelle provost. 
Dr. Paul Saltman, the current provost is also presently serving 
as vice chancellor for academic affairs. 

The committee is" chaired by Dr. S. Jonathan Singer, 
Professor of Biology, and includes three students, two faculty 
members and one member of the provost's office's staff. The 
student members are Micholas Aguilar, John Hoff and Susan 
Marsh : the faculty members are Richard Attiyeh from 
Economics, David Crowne from Literature, and Margaret 
Langdon from Linguistics; and Tom Hull , Dean of Revelle 
College. 

According to Dr. Singer, no person is as yet under serious 
consideration. The committee is investigating both candidates 
who are from UCSD and those who are not. When a decision 
has been reached . the committee will recommend its choice to 
the Chancellor. 

Dr. Saltman will continue to serve concurrently as vice· 
chancellor for academic affairs and Revelle provost until 
approximately July 1. If at that time, a replacement has not 
been found , Dr. Singer feels he will recommend the 
appointment of an acting provost. 

the wrong size. The things that we do 
federally , for example, are not 
necessarily the thing that we should 
be doing . 

We must begin our task everywhere 
at once and with all three generations. 
This is the striking thing about the 
societies that I have studied . When 
they fix their societies they fix 
everytbing. 

• "54-260 

all rr\e.lid n4meM 
art objee1s 

Science and the Renaissance 
Man at Revelle 

Michael Kaye 

Revelle College tIls not entitled to chug along on the 
assumption that it is offering exactly what students want and 
what drew them to UCSD in the first place. Some of us were 
deceived by the razzle - dazzle of cluster - college propaganda 
into thinking we would be able to escape here from the 
impersonal mass - processing that is such a distinguishing 
hallmark of the bigger factory campuses ; but our illusionS' 
were quickly punctured upon initial exposure to USB 2722. 
Some of us applied to Muir - in the misguided expectation that 
we would have freedom there to structure our own studies and 
firmly control our academic destinies - only to find ourselves 
routinely shunted over to Revelle by an Admissions Office that 
equalizes the enrollment in each college at the cost of 
subverting the very notion of collegiate selectivity and 
uniqueness. Even to say that we are predominantly science 
majors is not necessarily to confirm that we all gladly stomach 
the kind of science that Revelle puts forth . 

For all practical purposes, the UCSD master plan has 
collapsed; and Revelle cannot in good conscience continue to 
ignore that altered circumstance. There will be no 
proliferation on campus 01- additional college clusters. If 
Revelle were smaller and if there were a multiplicity of 
alternative options offered by other academic units on campus, 
the college could smugly and tenaciously cling to its atrophying 
traditions. But there are clearly occasional mismatches 
between Revelle and members of its student population. In the 
absence of additional clusters , defective pairings are likely to 
continue throughout the foreseeable future . Under those 
circumstances, I suggest that Revelle is obliged to 
accommodate itself to a wider mixture of student needs and 
propensities. In the absence of an ample range of alternatives 
elsewhere on campus, I think Revelle is under an inherent 
obligation to develop more options within its own curricular 
domain. 

At best, in a college of 3000 students. there should be 3000 
different ways to get a top· notch education . Since there are no 
signs of an imminent advent of the milleninm, I will set forth a 
more modest proposal. For now. I do not ask Revelle to 
sacrifice its ideals but rather to fulfull those ideals in a way 
that it has consistently failed to do to date. ( seek no massive 
overhaul. no ~rand or radical reforms , I ask only for a third 
track science sequence. I ask only for a humanized science. I 
ask only for a science education more closely attuned to the 
Renaissance mind and temper. 

Resources Disintegrated 
True to the schizophrenic split that is so characteristic of 

higher education today. UCSD has systematically 
disintegrated its resources among diverse . non -
communicative. highly specialized departments , Professor 
Curtis Wilson offers a splendid course in the history of science. 
Professor Piero Ariotti vividly extols the philosophy of 
science. Meanwhile. most of the lower division science cour es 
are cast in the mould of a dehumanized. cut· and - dried 
formalism . History of science, philosophy of cience. and 
science per se are not three separate trees or even three 
separa te branche of the same tree . They belong together -
integra lly and inseparably. I do not di pute the va lue of 
analytic inquiry. Individual scholars will always pursue 
divergent interests . But I see no rhyme or reason for the 
senseless fragmentation of knowledge. the sca ttering of unified 
wholes into separate and remote compartments. Analysis must 
be counterpoised - and put into perspective - by a 
comprehensive and all- embracing synthesis. 

For all of its grandiloquent bluster about neo . Renaissance 
ideals. science and the humanities at Revelle are sti ll in a state 
of divorce. Revelle has failed to bridge over the gaping chasm 
that separates what C. P. Snow has described as " the two 
cultures." We get science in stiff dosage. We get humanities in 
stiff dosage. But never the .twain do meet. The humanities 
requirement is no sufficient antidote for the austere 
impersonality . the unrelieved abstractionism. or the pandemic 
sterility that everywhere afflicts homogenized science - for -
the· masses. 

To my knowledge. only Professor Francis Halpern has 
undertaken anv concerted effort to integra'e the hIstorical and 
philosophical ' disciplines into an exposition of straight 
scientific theorv. Unaccountably - and I think unconscionably 
- the Universiiy has responded to Professor Halpern 's unique 

enterprise by sequestering his introductory "Perspective of 
Physics" course in the upper division , where scarcely anyone 
even knows it exists. Not one of the colleges will accept his 
course in fulfillment of lower division science requirements. 
Consequently, enrollment in his class ends up in the range of 
something like 6 or 7 students; and Dr. Halpern's influence on 
the methodology and philosophy of science education at UCSD 
remains correspondingly minimal. 

There are certainly special charms to a class that small . Not 
only is it permitted to ask questions during class - a strictly 
taboo enormity at most USB 2722 lectures - but it's not even 
unheard of for a student to interrupt right in the middle of the 
development of an equation to request instant clarification of 
some misunderstood point. ]t's easy for students to talk to Dr. 
Halpern before class, during class. and after class - without 
that inhibiting sense of, "Gee whiz, he's the big prof and I'm 
only entitled to 1I35Oth portion of his office time." Perhaps 
most importantly, with a class that small, Dr. Halpern doesn 't 
shed his identity as a physicist when he takes up the mantle of 
teaching. As occasion demands. he freely dips into the past or 
jumps to the outer limits of current physical theory : but in any 
case he always evinces and shares the physicist's perspective. 
That outlook is really incompatible with the traditional 
doctrinaire affectations of conventional pedagogy . For the 
great scientists of history were always stumped and puzzled 
and up against the wall of eternal mystery. impasse. and 
difficulty. Their misgivings and perplexity and continuous 
iconoclastic questioning were indispensable to further 
progress. Dr. Halpern 's lectures preserve the subtle nuances 
of the scientific mind at work . In that context, knowledge 
ceases to be a burden of raw data. to be assimilated und".r the 
gun of imminent examination, and becomes instead a series of 
gratifying solutions to vexing puzzle . 

Whether the informal intimacy of that class could be 
preserved in the face of heavier enrollments. I cannot say for 
sure. But certainly Dr. Halpern 's approach to teaching is not 
presently bemg exploited to the maximum benefit of the 
undergraduate community. 

Virtue in Tentative Approach 
either the content nor the style of Dr. Halpern 's lecture 

has crystalized as yet into a finalized consummate treatment. 
The very tentativeness of his approach is perhap one of its 
prime virtues : for there is little chance that stagnation will set 
in so long as original thinkers continue to innovate. to explore 
and to experiment. How do periods of scientific etnorescence 
correlate with economic. oclal. political and cultural 
influences of the age? That whole question of contextual milieu 
intrigues Dr. Halpern. but the answers elude hi present gra p. 
During the years ahead. he will be progressively re hapmg, 
reformulating. and enriching hI cour e as hi own knowledge 
and Insight expand. But even then. he will be the only 
instructor really qualified to teach physics that way: and the 
University will lack any courses of comparable approach In 
biology and chemIstry, 

What is needed is the systematic development of a whole 
sequence of integrated basic science courses de igned with the 
ena in view of thoroughly humanizing the scientific 
apprenticeship. To that end . I think Professor Wil on in 
History. Professor Ariotti in Philosophy and Professor 
Halpern in Physics should be shanghaied from their respective 
departments and jointly commissioned as prillcipal architects 
of the new dispensation. There is some question whether the 
campus harbors a sufficient reservoir of scientific talent 
attuned'to this manner of instruction. If there are any 
biologists. chemists. mathematicians or astronomers on the 
faculty who share the same historical interests and the sallie 
ideas about how science should be taught, there is no mutual 
recognition across departmental lines. 

In fact . non-communication is sometimes a plague even 
within the same department. Everyone in Physics appears to 
be acquainted with the Swanson/Goodkind innovations 
( atural Science 2ASP/2BSP - a self·paced and largely self · 
instructed variation of the regular physics sequence I. But the 
more extreme mavericks don 't even know each other. For 
instance. Dr. Lester Ingber and Dr. Halpern are both grappling 
with radical alternatives to traditional physics courses : but 
they dwell in separate domains. and their orbits never cross. 

Dr. Ingber scores the deficienCIes of textbook formalism . 
Science texts are competent summaries of orthodox 
knowledge. the accepted creed. But they eradicate the whole 
intuitive provenance out of which the great scientific advances 
were bor71 . So we get the dead corpse of knowledge, but we 
miss out on the living processes that animate real scientific 
thought and discovery . As described in the syllabus of the 
Institute for the Study of Attention. Dr. Ingber's methods aim 
at a restoration of the archetypal process: 

". . . We outline relevant matenal and pre ent it as 
intngumg paradoxe or dtlemmas. Confronted with two or 
more logical solutions to the problem which lead to different 
or contradictory conclusion , the student must break all 
preconceived approaches to learning and become aware of 
the na ture of the problem. After finally commg to a 
conclusion. the student then goes back and picks apart tbe 
bad solution to find the erroneous rea oning. This method. 
we feel. is a starting point from whIch men and women can 
learn to increase their capabilIties to do new things rather 
than simply repeat what other generations have done" 

Empathizing Tbrough History 
For all of that. it seems never to have occurred to Dr Ingber 

to utilize historical materials to reproduce with preciSIOn 
exactly those paramount dIlemmas with which the great 
cientists had to contend. (Newton . Dalton , and DarWIn were 

staunchly opposed by some of theIr most brilliant 
contemporaries. You 'd never guess it from our texts. but there 
were Impressive argument again t virtually every important 
new idea .) So I think Dr. Ingber might fmd In the Halpern 
hIstorical materials a vitally useful adjunct to hIS own method 
On the other hand. I am not aware that Dr Halpern's teachmg 
philosophy has ever been adequately formulated and justified 
The lOci ive Ingber critIque of conventional clence instruction 
goes a long way toward explaining why the Halpern course IS 
so effective and why - as With the Ingber innovatlon - it 
represents such an important departure 10 th teachmg of 
physic . 

There IS as yet no recogntzabie "school" of hI torically 
oriented science teachers. and few teachers ever actively 
concern themselves WIth the dynamics of the learning proce s. 
But without sympathetic recruit from the bIology and 
chemi try department . a com plete cour e sequence could 
never be adequately developed along humanistic lines 

Del Mar 
755-3557 

Levis" A-l "Male 

Love ' n' Stuff - Tops 

The Golden Rollin Belly Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

Pub/ReSlau rani 

lIttertaiMllnt Nigh~y 
Sunday IrUIKh Concert 

PrimeR' 
Gour •• Casseroles 

"A unique dining experien"ce., ." 
~~l:~l 12111 •• S.~ hUlar 7IS-.4.4. :l~l~~: 
~:~~:/:~~~~::::,*::::::::::::~,::~,::::::*~~~:::::m.:::::::::~~~x:l:mt'-~m~~~~~:;~~:;~~~~::.:.~~:::;::::::~§:::::::;:::::::::~-s ~ .. .-...... -................ ~ •.•.•.•.•.•.•.•.•.................... 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMnRY 

.TTHE 
NEW MI DWA Y Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. Across from Sporh Arena 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FillED. 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.·Fri . 11 A.M .. 8 P.M.; Sol. 10 A.M .. 6 P,M. 

224-2973 224-2~74 
latest fashions 
in wire frames 

Tuesday, April 11 , 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



M~Elroy 01 S~ielce in Our SMiety 
NSF: A Look Ahead 

Editon' Note: 
In the Janulry 29 Issue of kilnce Dr. 

William McElroy contributed an edltorlll 
on the future of the National Science 
Foundation. Dr. McElroy WI' Director of 
NSF before becoming Chlncellor of 
UCSD. He Is highly regarded as an 
administrator. Below Is a reprint of his 
editorial. 

One cannot long occupy the director's chair 
at the National Science Foundation without 
being struck by the fact that creative science 

Science and 
. the Public 
Editor's Note: 

In one of his last acts as 
Director of the National 
Science Foundation Dr . 
William McElroy presented 
his views on the role of 
scientists in the community. 
Below is the editorial 
reprinted from Mosaic, Vol. 
2, Number 4, Fall 1971 : 

In some circles today it 
seems fashionable to denigrate 
science and scientists. The 
basis for this view undoubtedly 
is awareness of the hazards of 
misappropriation of the 
products of research . 
Nonetheless. I believe the 
dogmatic anti - science attitude 
is superficial. Certainly it is 
unwise and itself dangerous. 

In my view, we have reached 
a state where the continued 
future of this nation and the 
world depends in large 
measure, upon the accelerated 
progress of science and its 
humane application. Virtually 
every major problem we face 
today contains a large 
scientific component. While tbe 
results of scientific enterprise 
rarely give us complete 
solutions to our first - order 
problems, well . used science 
and engineering suggest new 
options and new directions that 
make more feasible the social 
and political decisions which 
are so critical. For these 
reasons, I strongly advocate 
both increased investments in 
basic science and in problem -
focused research. NSF, of 
course, has received additional 
funds for both purposes, but in 
the years ahead. the rate of 
expenditure should accelerate 
considerably. 

But in advocating greatly 
expanded budgets for the 
scientific community. I also 
believe the rationale for tha t 
support should be clarified. In 
the final analysis, all of our 
science exists to serve man, 
not the individual scientists. If 
policymakers are to use 
science constructively, we 
mu st cultivate a new 
consciousness among the 
scientists and the public. a 
consciousness that is more 
humane and less sterile. that 
relates more directly to the 
needs of people. 

This new consciousness 
places a particular burden upon 
our scienti sts and engineers. 
Their special knowledge (often 
difficult to comprehend by a 

in the United 'States is in a state of transition. 
And much of the feedback associated with this 
fermentation is focused on NSF, wbicb in this 
country is often equated with creative science 
and scientists. 

Science, as one of man's highest and 
greatest intellectual achievements, bas bad a 
pervasive and protracted influence on man, 
his way of life, and his environment. And 
nowhere has its power for change been so 
dramatic as in the United States. Most 
scientists hold that the destructive forces let 
loose by science can be properly focuaed and 
wisely used . Accomplishing these ends 
necessitates a major effort on the part of 
science and scientists - an effort dedicated to 
serving all of society and all of man. And while 
few can agree on the exact details, all 
concerned believe that science is 
indispensable for a future in which man is in 
reasonable harmony with his physical and 
social environment. 

Historically , the National Science 
Foundation has devoted a large proportion of 
its resources to the pursuit of disciplinary 
science - research and science education 
motivated solely by the intrinsic needs of a 
discipline or the creative needs of individual 
scientists. This kind of programming has been 
highly successful and must continue, for it is 
the bedrock of all scientific enterprise. 
However, there must also be a heightened 
awareness of the requirements placed on all 
science, and for this reason a significant share 
of the total resources available to NSF in the 
future must be devoted to the social and 
technological needs of the nation. This, 
however , does not mean that the Foundation 
should be diverted from its earlier and 
historical purpose ; in fact , this diversification 
should be construed as a means of 
strengthening that purpose. 

To ensure success, this additional objective 
must have the cooperation of academic 
scientists, because a large number of the more 
creative scientists reside in academic 
institutions, and also because societY'and the 
nation have great need of broadly trained 
scientists who are highly motivated and 
capable of pursuing careers associated with 
the public interest. 

To bring the best of science to bear on the 
social and technological problems of society 
requires at least three steps. A larger number 
of the most creative members of the scientific 
community must be encouraged to associate 
themselves with the great problems of man 
and society ; for even though not all of the 
world's ills have a scientific or technological 
base, the thought patterns of science and its 
intellectual - material accomplishments are 
proof that science has much to offer society. 
The research and training institutions 
associated with creative science and the 
mechanisms used to support science must be 
more clearly focused and receptive to both the 
immediate and long - term interests of man 
and society. The National Science Foundation, 
as one of the most important federal 
institutions to promote the progress of 
science, must focus a larger portion of its 
resources on all of science - not just on 
academic science. 

The social milieu within which the NSF finds 
itself has changed so markedly and so rapidly 
that we must not fail to accept the challenges 
offered by these new and preSSing 
opportunities. We should recognize that, 
although science is one of the great cultural 
accomplishments of man. public support on 
the scale required for man 's survival can be 
justified only as the needs of the larger society 
are recognized. 

Our 11th yearo!Ch4rter flights 
to LONDON 

or BRUSSELS 
June 16 / Sept. 1 ~ $2S9 
June 23 / Aug. 31 $269 
Jun. 2~ / Sept 8 $265 
July 17/ Aug n 126' 

'rol., . ....... r (213) 277-5200 
c/o Simi Tr .... IIC. 

•• 75 SlllllIilIIIic ...... . 

Pass the State Equal 
Rights Amendment 

Nalional Organizalion for Women 

San Diego Chapler 

Passage of the State Equal Rights 
Amendment and ratification of thtl Federal 
Equal Rights Amendment is essential to 
assure equality under the law for men and 
women. At the time the U. S. Constitution was 
written women acquired no rights as citizens. 
Those drafting the Constitution did not change 
the status of women from the status they held 
under English Common law; a woman was not 
a legal entity, but a chattel. 

Constitution to allow women full citizenship 
under the law. The San Diego County Chapter 
of the National Organizatiqn for Women 
considers any attempt to delay the ratification 
and adoption of the amendment as a continued 
effort to deny women full justice under law 
and lbe denial or the opportunity for full 
citizenship with !be rights and responsibilities 
of that citizenship. 

After a struggle lasting over 50 years an 
equal rights amendment has passed Congress. 
The State of California has the opportunity to 
ratify this amendment and to amend the State 

We hope Senator James R. Mills will re-
examine his position on this amendment and 
reschedule Senate Rules Committee Hearings 
so that the importance of the passage of this 
amendment can be presented to the 
committee. 

letter to the Editor 
Jim Sills Confesses! ! 

Having read Mr. John 
Demirjian ' s damaging 
statements about my 
activities, as printed in last 
Tuesday's (April 4) TRITON 
TIMES, I am making the 
following public statement 
regarding his accusations : 

"I am a Russian agent. My 
real name is Silski. While 
touring the Haight - Ashbury 
area of San Francisco in 1968, 
the real Jim Sills was abducted 
and sent to Siberia. I, Silski, 
had been carefully trained for 
my impersonation in a special 
school in the Moscow suburbs. 

During my career as an 
agent, I was given the 
assignment of penetrating the 
rigbt wing at UCSD. and 

wreaking havoc throughout the 
campus. I am personally 
responsible for the People's 
Park student strike, the 
appointment of Herbert York 
as chancellor , and the 
Johnstown Flood ; and I 
contrived the election of Paul 
Kaufman. 

My paymasters at UCSD 
were successively the UCSD 
police chief, the head of the 
Philosopby Department, and 
Diddo Clark. 

Now I have been exposed by 
Mr . Demirjian, and 
subsequently captured and 
incarcerated by the FBI. But I 
would do it all over again for 
the glory of the Revolution. My 
achievements as an agent are 
impressive, and. in fact . sewn 

triton times 

into the back of my coat collar, 
in invisible thread, is the Order 
of Lenin. 

In the end it is all just as 
Comrade Brezhnev told me 
(what a wise one he is) : 
"You're doing fine . Just watcb 
out for Sue Adjemian and 
Demirjianski. They're the only 
ones we can 't foolsky." How 
right be was. 

James Ivanovich Silskl 
("Jim Sills" ) 

P .S. The real Sills - he was an 
awfully nice lellow - has not 
been accounted for . The rumor 
in the Party is that he found his 
way back to America and 
UCSD, where he writes under 
the name of "Steven Griffin." 

Editor-in-Chier Molly Selvin 
Manll8ing Editor Camy Sharick 
Business Manll8er Terry Barak 
Art. Editor Carrie Rickey 
Pholography Editor Joe Easlern 

City Editor David Buchbinder 
AslOC. Cit v Editor John Maxwell 
Copy Edilor Chuck Graham 
Editorial Direetor Mark Sief!llel 
Sports Edilor Mike Ralh 

New. Department 
RickDrom 
MorilMosooka 
Kathy Klul'" 
John MacGregor 
Kevin OllOn 

'hotograph.,. 
Mike Sesma 
Michael Grftne 

Aist. BU8ineis Mf!IIr. Debbie MonllJomery 
Mi~. McKinney 
leonard Montellono 

Art. Department Tim HirKh 
Mark Siegel 'rocluction 
Don Spellens David Buchbinder 
Eric Perlman Mike Sesma 

Andy E'tobrook 
Pot Stocy 
Jon lelevier 
Doug8eonon 
AIIv.rtIsI", Department 
Bonnie Mainareck Manuel Hernondel 

CopyRlOden Tom lindberg Mark lisJ.a Gloria Martinel 
Debbie Montgomery 
Gleno Schroeter 

Carkv M. Cocos Sport. Department Steve Cohen 
Artists Mark lisJ.a 
Corkey M. Cocos Mark Young 

TIle TRITON TlMn is 6111, ree ..... _ ....... ....,., ~ .. C .......... Iwr1I" 
till lhiwersity" C ...... s. Diote ...... 251. ~ C ...... t. Jell. C ...... 92137. 
, ........ Is twIc • ....., • '''- ..4 "w.,s. otic" •• lee ... II r_ 117 .......... . 
• till R-'Ie C ...... F., ............ 45). ... 11117; Itr ...... .,.wI ..... 1111. 

• 

THE NEW WAY TO LEARN 

FRENCH 
GERMAN 

SPANISH · 

layman ) requires the ' special 
obligation to corunun ica te the 
implications of t:tal knowledge 
to the public. A'~ it requires 
the scientist to be an active 
c iti zen . pr .)bing a nd 
questioning the u e 0f hi .. 
knowledge with :he same zeal 
he used to devell.p ~t. With this 
humaniza tion of st ience. with 
the acceptance If he attitude 
that science is or ly'useful when 
it is beneficial. ~ iIIcome a new 
era for all manki ld , 

"..,.,"*$ 
., ..... 1.1. rep. LOU IALI'O 

To .. ". Lot AngeItt. ... ,,..., ENGLISH (7141_" 

Page 4 Triton Times ~uesday, April 11, 1972 

IIcIIIIIIID, .. DIego, ......... , 0IIdMd, 
.... 'Slod ....... Ontario, 1M LoRe .... 

Sharing Iny of PSA'. 180 deify flight. i. I guo And 
with our low .ir II,.., flying PSA isn't • whole 101 
mort .xpensive thin hitclling. Anyway it'. hard 
to get I ride on the runway. So wtIy not lIick 
your thumb in Iht phone inIttId, and dill .. lor 
I rtltMtion? 

...... ,.. ... 



~ ____ classifieds_-----------~~ ........ 
, services lost & found housing 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SPRING-SUMMER-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many F lights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 5129 One 

Way 
Low Air Fareon 

Inter-European FI ights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM 5220 ONE 
WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., U613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (·Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

9TH ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIPi 
JAPAN : FROM $349 
ROUND-TRIPi CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (4114) 

Affinity group flight to 
Barcelona, Spain. Some 
,.ats available for faculty, 
students and relatives. June 
16-August 18, SotOS. Contact 
Prof. Modesto M. Diaz, 
Dept. of Foreign 
Lahguages. Calif. State 
College, Fullerton 92631 Tel. 
71.) 870-2573 (3~) (key 
./11 ) 

personal 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen .59-8828 

Income Tax Service 
Discount for students, staff 
or faculty . 755-8228 after 2. 
(4/14) 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
Tt RED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS. RE-
PAIRS AND POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT n.a HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (IN THE 
REAR) 459-9181. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

(R) 

Typing and Proofreading 
soc a page 
Term papers 
Reports 
Thesis 
Beatrice Lynch 753-7356. 
(M18) 

FREE· • kittens, 7 wks. 
old, very fluffy, 1 f. 3 m., 2 
gray 2 multl-colored, also 
calico mother cat very 
affectionate. Call Marsha 
753-8767 (please keep 
trying). (./11) 

Want a PT management 
job? Be at 4.01 Twain Av. 
SO, on 4/13/72 at 3 pm. Will 
train. (4/11) 

Wanted: Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nec. 
S15/hr. Eve, Call 287-4966 

Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nec. Up to S25/hr. Good 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) 

Professional Passport and 
Application photos. Fast 
service. Bryan 755-3622. (4114) 

LOST _____ YOUNG, 
BROWN GERMAN 
SHEPARD WITH 
BRAIDED LEATHER 
COLLAR, ANSWERS TO 
MAG G IE. I F Y\.,? U 
HAVE ANY 
INFORMATION THAT 
MAY HELP ME FIND 
HE R, PLEASE CALL 
DA VE AT 755-0612. 

Lost : One sandal at party 
on Cedros, Solana Beach 
last Fri. Reward: return of 
sandal left in its place. Call 
Kathy 753-9067. (.17) 

SSO Cash reward through 
third party for return of 
yellow Bianchi racing bike. 
Removed from Med School 
Fri. April 7. Call Bill Rhead 
ext. 1438 or 454-2471. (4/1.) 

FOUND: 
Silver Wadsworth watch 
with broken band found in 
H-L Auditorium Please see 
Matias Garcia, call 453-a.79 
to claim it. 

Asst. Prof. from B. Y. U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets: Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah a.t601. 
(5/120 

NEED FEMALE TO 
SHARE APT. NEAR 
FASHION VALLEY. OWN 
ROOM. POOL. 582.50 27.-
7812. (M14) 

Wanted: 2-3 bdrm unfurn. 
house near beach and shops 
for UCSD facultv and 
family. ext. WOo (4111) 

for sale 
RIP-OFF SPECIAL 

New 1968 automatic Austin 
Amerika: urine yellow, 
38m, new radials, bitchin' 
bed, cut with speed, 
complete with ashtrays full 
of roaches. A few hours with 
a good mechanic will put it 
in good shape. S500, 755-
7604. (4/14) 

Surfboard wanted, not over 
8 ft., call mornings only ask 
for Sue. 753-9417. (4/11) 

ad vertisemen ts for ourselves 
~---announcements 

tue day 
An exh ibit ion of color 
pa int ings by Don Betts, 
Diane Polster, and Sara 
Sea lander will be on exh ibit 
in the UCSD Art Ga llery 
con tinuing until Apr i l 22. 
The Ga llery is located on 
the fi rst f loor of the 
Hum an i t i es - L i brary 
bu il ding . 

" A Re li gious Quest", and 8-
week ser ies of week ly 
di scuss ions about the 
Chr istian fa ith beg ins today 
at 8 p.m . at Un iversity 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive, next to 
UCSD. Campus Pastor John 
Huber will serve as speaker 
arId facilitator . The first 
t ,)p i c is : " Current 
r<eligious Options." 

(rugs and their effect will 
h~ th is week 's topic of 
discussion at the Christian 
Science Organizat i on 
rleeting ton ight at 7 p.m. in 
he 9th f loor sem inar rm . 
1ioga Hall at Mu i r . 
Everyone is inv ited to 
attend . 

wedne day 
Bible study at 8 p.m. at 
Univers i ty Luthe r an 
Church, located at the 
junction of La Jolla Village 
Drive and La Jolla Shores 
Drive, across the street 
from UCSD. 

UCSD Pirt Wed . 5 p.m. 
Revelle Informal Lounge, 
All Welcome. 

The Ecumenical 
Community is having 
student Suppers at 5 p.m . 
for 35 cents per student . 
Everyone welcome at the 
University Lutheran 
Student Center . 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, April 11 , 1972 

thursday 
Avalon Hill , S&T 
miniatures, or Diplomacy 
players interested in 
partiCipating in UCSD·UCI 
Tournament i come to 
wargaming meeting 7 p.m . 
at seminar room 102, Tioga 
Hall, Muir . 

Hoedown, 8 p.m. Muir 
Commons . Live Music, 
('mon and dance. 

Volunteers wanted to work 
with elementary school 
children at Bayside 
Community Center, 
downtown San Diego. If 
interested call Rich 
Ingersoll at 453-4164 . 

Applications for 
scholarships to encourage 
graduate and 
undergraduate students in 
the pursuit of careers in 
film production, writing, 
teaching, history, 
aesthetics, or criticism are 
available from Jean Fort, 
108 Me. Deadline for 
applications is June 30. 

Alpha Phi Omega's Book 
Exchange still has some 200 
unsettled accounts for this 
quarter . I s yours one of 
them? Let 's get together 
and settle it! Bring your 
blue ticket and /or student 
I.D . to 45004 B.S. B., 
between 10-12 and 2-5, any 
day this week . Ask for Bill. 
We may owe you some 
money! 

People House is looking for 
peopl e interested in 
becoming peer counselors. 
Any member of the UCSD 
Community is welcome. 
Call 453-8136, 453-8867 and 
453-9321 for further 
information. 

Applications for member-
ship on the Triton Times 
staff for all positions during 
the 1972-73 academic year 
will be available in the TT 
office, 117 Blake Hall, 
Revelle beginning Monday 
April 3. Elections will be 
held beginning during the 
fourth week of the spring 
quarter. 



1 
I I 

-0-
- -l I. 

'r_C~_ ••. 
""'....; .eII •••••• , •• d .... tile re.peet of 

,lie ......... f .,lIer. II pe.ee." "';.tre I •• 
...... e.~. eatre las _deae. el re.pet • 

• 11Ieree_ .jett. e ... ,..:." 
~'t.l .. re%. 

Ap.ril·22 
-

- - Chicano Park Anniversary 
Octoviono Q.Jintero 

In many sectors of our country. April 22 will be celebrated as 
an ecological "Earth Day." Although this is a very 
commendable occasion. a more moving human event will be 
celebrated in the Mexican barrios of San Diego. This festive ' 
dav is known as Chicano Park dav. It will be the second year of 
ceiebration for this annual event.' . 

The creation of a chicano park developed through a tense 
struggle' between the city establishment and the residents of 
the barrio. The strife began nearly two years before direct 
action finally was taken . The location of the park is directly 
underneath the monolithic Coronado Bridge. in National City. 

The construction of this enormous bridge through the barrio 
caused much displacement of chicano families . However. the 
indomitable families that remained in the barrio petitioned the 
c it~' to build a park on the land between the rna ive pillar 
that had uprooted their life-long friends. The ma~'or. the ci t ~· 
council and the cit~· manager were all very receptive towards 
the idea of a park in the barrio. However. month went b~' and 
nothing was done to make the park a realit~ . But the hopes and 
demands of the community never wavered. High cit~· officials 
and c.Cluncii representatives continued to give the people 
assurances. but still nothing was ever done. 

Then one morning. a young student on his wa~' to Ci t~· College 
noticed bulldozers leveling the area underneath the bridge. He 
inquired about the work being done. One of the drivers 
answered that a Highwa~' Patrol station wa being 
constructed. He quickly went to school and infonned his 
classmates what he had discovered. An emergency MECHA 

was called and to counter the moves of the c 

were discussed. That evening. student members of City 
College met with the Brown Berets of Logan Heights and the 
counter-moves were augumented. 

It was decided that the land belonged to them. and that the 
people of the barrio would move and claim the land the very 
next day. A walkout of students from colleges. grammar. 
junior and high schools in the area was called for . Leaflets 
printed that very night . and passed to the chicano students on 
the street corners and across the street from the school . 
urging them to support the 12 noon walkout. 

A small contingent of young tudents and community 
re idents picketed the construction area in the early morning. 
The heavy bulldozer continued working and driver taunted 
the picket line by telling them to go home. But the mall quad 
continued on. hoping that the school walkout would be a 
succes . 

As the hour lowl~' dragged on. rain began to fall on the 
determined. bu t nearl~' exhausted picketers. Word of elf-
encouragement pas ed from member to member a they 

bravel~' held their line A small trickle of tudent began to 
well the picket line. as the noon hour approached . As larger 

and larger group of students gathered at the con truction 
ite. the workers topped thei r work and took their heavy duty 

equipment with them . . . 
'Finally at 12 noon a huge rna of tudent and people from 

the community gathered at the site of the propo ed park . 
houting "viva la raza ." "chicano park ." The picket marched 

onto the construction site. 

The massive "army" organized into three groups : one was a 
working crew: another provided food for the workers ; and the 
third disseminated news and information about the progress 
and issues of the park. 

The group received word that the San Diego Police 
Department had issued an order to di perse or suffer the 
consequences. The order was not even di cussed by the people ; 
they were not about to move. they would have to be removed. 
But the police never came. 

The people sta rted working with pick and shovels that same 
afternoon . Women. girls. men, boy . children of all ages and 
all Izes worked side by side The work wa all labor and verv 
hard. The office of the mayor wa contacted by the people from 
the barrio. but no official word wa hrard The work continued 
the next day and the n xl. me tudent worked on the park 
before cia ses. some after. and ne took a holiday from 
choo!. Mothers of th community prOVided warm M xlcan 

food for the hardy worker . Blister and backache plagu d th 
working crews. but till no word Wi received from the Cltv 
the work continued on a well-drilled 'chedule for a long week. 
until finall y word wa received from the city that t~e p ople of 
the barriO could have their land bac~ dnd the construction of 
the Highway Patrol tation would be termlllated 

A ~a wa held that joyou unday with Father Hurtado 
pre Iding and giving hi ble II1g Th chicano community wa 
ju tifiably proud of their achievem nls Th ta k hdJ been 
done through a joint effort of all th people 111 th barriO ; a 
small of lheir I land wa once again their 

Tuesday, April 11, 1972 Page 1 



Anti-War March to be Held 
Chicanos Spearhead March 

Hector Garcia 
It has become quite apparent congregate, along with other 

that our involvement in interested groups, such as 
Indochina will continue. This Asians Against the War, and 
can be easily pointed out. First make their grievances known. 
of all the bombing of not only They will meet on Bronson and 
Vietnam , but of all Indochina Wilshire, near CrenShaw, at 
has not only continued but also ten in the morning and march 
intensified. Second, the loss of to a rally in MacArthur Park at 
American lives continues. This 1 p.m. Guest speakers from \he 
in an effort to acquire those chicano contingent will consist 
areas that are vital not for of Corky Gonzales , Jose Angel 
American national security, Gutierrez and Rosalio Munoz ; 
but so that multi-nationa1 all are recognized leaders in 
conglomerates may secure the chicano movement. 
their hold on Indochina as a It must be noted that the 
market for raw materials , chicano conlingent will 
bu iness ventures and a spearhead the march since it 
potential market for cheap has been chicanos who have 
labor. It is for these reasons had to bear a 
that chicanos detest the war disproportionate burden of the 
and declare "chale con la war. Chicano organizers have 

guerra. ,. been quick to point out that the 
Given no alternative, as march will not go near the 

chicanos we have had to resort barrios of L.A , since reprisals 
to the only avenue of agamst La Raza have become 
expression open to U.S. J1amely an expected variable in the 
going to the streets . As a tool bamos during past protest 
used by the raza , this has marches 
become our most effective It IS of the greatest 
weapon agamst a system that Importance here that It be 
tnsists on sending its poor and established why chicanos have 
uneducated to fight a war tn up to now resisted the system 
which they will never benefit. and have not qui etly 
On c e a g a inn a ti 0 n a I as Imllated. The answer IS 
demonstrations agamst the quite SImple. Chicanos in a 
war will be staged across the disproportIOnate number have 
country On April 22 m Los had to go to Vietnam, and even 
Angeles. chicanos will more not eworthy is the 

percentage of chIcanos that 
have had to 10 e their Itves. The 
number totals over 8,000. the 
highest of any ethnic group. 
Chicanos a ks what for~ When 
the chicano returns from 
Vietnam he is untrained, 
unskilled and , cannot find 
employment. 

The National Moratorium 
recognizes these faels and has 
planned this demonstration 
carefully so that a reocurrence 
of violence can be ruled out. 
depending on the co-operation 
received from the police. It is 
imperative that as many 
chicanos as po ss ible 

participate, since it is the 
chicano who has had to suffer 
the consequences of Vietnam , 
the imperailistic blunder . 
Many of those who oppose the 
war have become disenchanted 
with the chicano protest as a 
protest against the wars. The 
reasons given are the deaths 
which have occurr~d. No one 
can deny that Ruben Salazar, 
Gilberto Diaz and Lyn Ward 
were shot by the placa on that 
bloody August day of 1970 in 
E.L.A . That they were shot in a 
demonstration against the war 
is true, but it should also be 
pointed out that the 
Moratorium Committee had 
organized 18 demonslrations 
prior to the one of August 29 
and no incidents had occurred. 
It wa not until the reactionary 
forces became aware of the 
potentials existing behind the 
chicano anti war movement 
thaI they unleashed the placa to 
dIsband and discredIt the 
as embly of those who had 
gathered peacefully to protest 
the war Th e police 
accomplished thi s in the 
followmg way . They used an 
excuse to disrupt the ,;hicano 

demonstration,~ single incident 
which brought retahtory force 
from chicanos . 

Another tactic employed 
quite successfully ha been that 
of the undercover agents 
posing as demonstrators, who 
instigate ha voc to discredit the 
movement and its leaders, like 
Rosallo MUIloz. This tactic only 
shows how effective our 
protests have been . We must 
continue to exert pressure so 
that we will not continue to be 
used as tools of the rich, so that 
ITT and U ION CARBIDE will 
not continue to expand at the 
expense of not only chicano 
lives but others, who are being 
forced to fight this unnecessary 
war. 

Agent Busy in City 

Corky Goazales 
Speakiag above we bave 
Roldofo "Corky" Goazales, He 
is well kaoWD la tbe Cbicaao 
Movemeat as fouader aad 
leader of Tbe Cruzade for 
Justice, based ill Deaver, 
Colorado. la AUlUst 1969, 
Corky was arrested at the 
bi.toric ChicaDO Moratorium. 
After some dealillgs witb tbe 
Courls, be is DOW free aDd will 
be ODe of tbe maio speakers at 
tbe cornia, marcb ID April 2%, 
to be beld in Los Angeles. 

Jesus Lopes. alias ·' Nacho·'. has been sighted doing his 
undercover work . He was last seen near the headquarters of 
the San Diego Convention Coalition, a group formed to preside 
over mass non-violent demonstrations in the coming 
Republi can Convention to our city of San Diego. 

A member of the SDCC saw him and his superior sitting in 
his car by the nearby parking lot of 3rd and G Street. Upon 
recognizing him. the Coalition member said " Hi ", but 
··Nacho·· failed to return the warm greeting . 

Jesu~ Lopez is well known in the Chicano community of San 
Diego. He was instrumental in the prosecution of Los Tres de 
San Diego. Los Tre~ de San Diego were originally charged with 
various felonies and misdemeanors and Mr. Lopez· testimony 
was intrumental in the prosecution. Two of the members of Los 
Tres de San Diego received a jail sentence. while the other 
was dismissed. 

According to a reliable source. ·' Nacho·· will be active in the 
coming Republican Convention. He is the leader of the so-
called Red Squad in our local city of San Diego . 

(H ICANO SUPPLEMENT STAFF' 

Mario Garcia 

The rise and development of Raza Unida 
parties in various areas of the Southwest 
represents the most significant development 
of the Chicano Movement. For too long we 
have naively believed that we could bring 
about change in our communities by working 
within the Democratic Party, and some even 
believed it could be done through the 
Republicans ! What we have now realized is 
that very little, if any , substantial and 
meaningful change can come by working with 
these two capitalist parties. Both the 
Democrats and Republicans serve the 
interests of three small percentage of 
industralists , corporation heads , and 
millionaires like the Rockefellers, Kennedys, 
Fords, etc ., who run the country ; and who use 
our "gente, " as well as blacks, Asian-

American~ native Americans, women, and , 
indeed, the working class of this country for 
their own benefit. Both the Democrats and 
Republicans are the extensions - or arms if 
you will - of the same body: the capitalist 
system that is based on personal gain , profit , 
competition, etc ., at the expense of human 
needs, cooperation, and justice! 

Chicanos, and certainly this is true for our 
" juventud," no longer are deceived ; we see 
that both the Democrats and Republicans are 
responsible for Vietnam, for the large 
unemployment in our "barrios," for attempts 
to destroy the Farm Workers Movement, for 
the police repression that we face, for the 
deportation of our " raza ," etc . And we all are 
saying " basta .' · 

La Raza Unida is, or should be, the political 
organization of the chicano community along 
an independent line , completely divorced from 
the Democrats and Republicans . Corky 

Gonzales quite freely has stated, and the Raza 
Unida Party of Colorado has also, that no Raza 
Unida chapter should endorse any Democratic 
or Republican candidates, regardless of 
whether or not they are chicanos! 

We will not support those who join the 
parties controlled by our oppressors! 

This totally independent form of 
organ~ation has characterized most of the 
Raza Unida parties that have been started. 
For example, the great success of the Raza 
Unida in South Texas , (which has won 
victories in Crystal City and San Juan) is due 
to this . This holds true, also , for the Raza 
Unida in Los Angeles , and the large vote for 
Raul Ruiz in the 48th Assembly District last 
year was an indication that chicanos there 
realized they heeded their own party - one 
which will address itself to the needs of "La 
Raza ." Other Raza Unidas , in other areas (in 
Oakland, for example) hold to an independent 
line. 

What we must do in San Diego (and this 
already beginning) is to start an independent 
Raza nida that will organize our " gente" 
aroun(, issues (housing, education, jobs, 
deportation, the Vietnam war, etc .) that 
relale to us ! This organization will be done on 
a 365·day basis! The objective of La Raza 
Un ida is not just victory at the polls ; more 
importantly, it is a way to educate our people 
to the way the "system" oppresses us and to 
organize chicanos on a democratic basis to 
fight against our oppressor - which is the 
racist capitalist system of the United States. 
The fact that this is already being done in 
many areas marks the Raza Unida as, indeed, 
the most significant development of "EI 
Movimiento! " 

Coordinating Edi!or 

Campus Writel 

Campus Writel 

Communi ty W, iter ... 

... Manuel J . Hernandez 

...... Rick Valdez 

. .. . ..... Juan Valdez 

..... ...... . HecwI Garcia 

MARCH 
AGAINST THE WAR 

Community W. it r .. . . Adolfo Aguilera 

Education WfI ~er ... ....... Maria Marin 
ThiS supplf ment is produced m coordination with the 

MECHA Communications commlllee. Its efforts are geared 
towards raising consciousnes amongst persons of Mexican 
descent. It IS hoped that its contents will serve as an 
educational expertence. and furthermore . The Chicano 
Supplement Staff hopes it will b nefi t Chicanos and all 
interested persons We plan to come out regularl~· . reporting 
news. e\'ents and mltotes. As a policy . we smcerel~· accept 
CritiCIsm. and. of course. contribution . Any correo can be sent 
to the TRITON TIMES office 

Poge 2 Tuesday, April 11, 1972 
I 

IN LOS ANGELES 

Assemble: Bronson and Wilson at 10:00 A.M. 
March: Wilshire,ll a,m, 
Rally : ~lacArlhllr Park , 1 p.m , 

~\~~~ Educational Program Offered at USC: 
, \" Effort Seen in Bilingual Education 

Manuel de Jesus Hernandez . 

'~ 

Book Review 

Cultural Conflict Portrayed 
AIItoaio 

At surface level. Poebo, a 
novel by Jose Antonio Villareal 
first printed in 1959. is the 
portraya l of the assimilationist 
philosophy of the 1940·s and 5O·s 
presented in the form of the 
protagonist. Richard Rubio. 

Historically. at that period 
pressure was on the Chicano to 
··be white.·· assimilate into the 
mainstrea m of societv and to 
be an American. . Richard 
attempts to be all of these . but 
It is his realization that he is 
different. and can 't be any of 
these that leads to the self-
conflict of the book. 

The self-conflict in Poebo is 
a deeper level of human 
existence which is illustrated 
in the book. Richard is the son 
of Juan Rubio. retired colonel 
of the Revolution of 1910. now 
worki ng as a farm worker. 
Colonel Rubio is one who 
e pouses the traditional 
ma nners and wavs of the 
campesino of Me·xico. He is 
hard and tough . but a man 
fI lled wi th love for Mexico. for 
hIS family and for his dead jefe. 
Pancho Villa . He is Mejicano 
His dream is to return forever 
to Mexico. Richard ·s birth and 

childhood are in the U.S. He 
moves with his familv from 
plaee to place until they settle 
in Santa Clara. California . 
Richard spends all of his 
youthful days in this town . 

Richard . like many 
Chicanos, is cOlitinually trying 
to reconcile within himself the 
wavs of his father and those of 
the new country . He struggles 
with the concept of God and the 
church. eventually rejecting 
the church in speech : but his 
quest for God continues 
alwavs. He also battles with 
Machismo. He cannot see 
himself placed in such a 
position as to believe that he is 
totally superior to anyone. 
Richard instead feels inferior 
to anglos and other people. as 
well as the world . and searches 
for knowledge to overcome 
this . 

In the course of his teen 
vears. Richard associates 
himself with the Pachucos of 
Santa Clara . It is this 
association that brings him to a 
new re-discovery of La Raza . 

Throughout much of the 
novel. there is a conflict 
between Richard ·s parents. 
Juan Rubio is an active man . 

and needs to have regular 
affairs with many women to 
feel his virility . It is his sexual 
adventures and his unbending 
belief in the old ways that begin 
to drive his wife and himself 
apart. 

When Juan Rubio finally 
leaves. i' is up to Richard to 
ca re for the fami Iv. At the 
same time. WWIl is starting 
and Richa rd joins the service. 
In doing so. Richard escapes 
his uncertainty about La Raza , 
about Americanization . about 
his family . On thIS escapist 
note . the book ends. 

Pocbo is the very sensitive 
story of Richard Rubio . It is 
also· rich in the history and 
philosophies of assimilation. In 
many parts. the book talks 
about subjects not usually 
covered in novels (other than x-
rated ones I. Such subjects as 
masturbation. and the birth of 
Richard . including a 
discription of the after-birth: 
are mentioned . This lends to 
the totalitv of the book and its 
life-like q·ualities. and should 
be read bv all chicanos. It 
should not tie put down because 
of its assimiiatlOnist attitude, 
but should be viewed as 
novelized history. 

Chicano Journal Organized 
Chicanos at UCSD are planning to put 

together a Chicano Journal in the coming 
months . Under the leadership of Juan Valdez. 
a graduate literature major . the Journal will 
eek to collect and print essays. interviews. 

short stori~s and poetr.v 
The notice has now @one out to all three 

rolle/!e, at UCSD and contribution are bemg 

submitted. An Editorial Board. composed of 
facultv. staff and graduate students . will help 
in editing and !inal selectIOn of the material to 
be printed. 

All creative Chicano are urged to 
participate and submit theIr Ii~era.ry work to 
the Chicano Journal. All contribution hould 
be submitted to Juan Valez in MC 507 

Throughout Human history a\l organized recruit Chicanos , Blacks and Native 
societies have had educational systems to Americans. The program Will train future 
facilitate the harmony of its members from teachers to teach in the area of dire need . 
early childhood to the calling of the grave. But They are in the inner city, the Barrio and on 
we should not forget that all organized Indian reservations . The program smells like 
societies are not stagnant, for they are a worthwhile project and is there as a means 
everchanging. Change is the ultimate Law of towards solving our bilmgual educational 
Nature . Todais Empire may be tomorrow·s needs 
backyard and so time measures its long 
minutes . In the same vein . migrations of 
people are a fact. It is the dynamiC of mas 
migration into a centrifugal point that have 
made and make the greatne s of any ingle 
nation. 

Within the United States. Chicanos have 
survived the cultural Itmbo stage of mas 
Illig ration and have renewed their hi toncal 
hentage consclOusnes . Conscioll of it, now 
we must make the best out of our situalion. 
proceed forward and persevere. That calls 
for mastering the educational Institution in 
which we now exi t and educate ourselves to 
Its way , but never forgeUmg that they can 
become detrimental to our collective urvlval 

So much for mtroductory tatement , now 
we must deal With the matter at hand 

Teaching Intere I 
It ju t 0 happens that m the lOner cllles 

Chicanos as well as Blacks make up the 
mayoflty of the pre-college level students. 
And with no educal10nal integration m sight. 
a move to make up for the basic ftnanclal 
prejudiced propagated by the uneducated few. 
and cogntzant of the lack of biltngual 
education, Chicanos interested In prOVIding a 
solution 10 the problem before them mu t 
pursue the means to provide a fuller education 
for their children. Anglo- axon socioiogi ts as 
well a Chicano sociologists have researched 
the educational problem and have 
recommended the enactment of programs to 
recruit future bilingual educators , in all levels 
of the educational institutions. I know for a 
fact that many Chicano on this campus are 
aware of the fact. ow it's time to make it a 
reality. 

Recently , MECHA on campus received a 
notice from the University of Southern 
California that provides an avenue for the 
pressing need. The information received 
pertains to a current recruitment effort for 
bilingual teachers and the name of the 
program is Teacher Corps. According to the 
literature, the recruitment drive .seeks to 

LIke all program , the Teachers Corps has 
it speCial requirements But the) are qUite 
reasonable and could easlh be met by peNons 
of MeXican descent. · They are . 60 
tran ferrable units If und.:rgrad or a 
Bachelors· Degree In out of school and 
truckmg up tn down sunny Caltfornta 

For any sacnfice there I most)\ al\\ a~s a 
reward waltmg at the end of the fulltllment 
As a re\\ard for vour efforts ,·ou Will receIve 
the follOWing : 2 year of College-tuition frrr. a 
Bachelors Degree if undergrad a Masters 
Degree if grad. a Teacher Certification 000 
each week and $15.00 ior each dependent 'II 
marrted of coun,e I But mo t of all a, a 
Chicano parttclpatlng tn the educational 
advancement of your people you get the 
ultImate reward and fullfilment in 
participating m ~ature' organIc proces. 

Write for Info 
ChIcano. mterested, a well a Black. and 

:"-iatlve American , should write for more 
Inform ation to the Teacher Corp 
RecrUItment Center. Untverslty of Southern 
Callfornta. 1031 South Broadway Blvd Los 
Angeles . California 9OOl5 or ca ll them at (213 ) 
748-2258 

A noted in the begmntng of the article. 
Chicanos have educattonal needs that dIller 
variably with thmg a they are We must 
fashion the resources available to meet tho e 
needs. We already have enough docum nted 
history. investigations. studies about the 
problem. now we must strive forward for Its 
solution. Two Chicano novels . POCHO by Jo e 
Antonio Villareal and CHICA:'>lO by Richard 
Vasquez. have already interpreted the 
struggle of a bilingual chIld withm the 
educational system. We also have OUI own 
subjective experiences. Let us now take the 
opportunities at hand and prevent the 
suffering of future Richard Rublo ·s and 
ammy Sandoval"s. 

EDUCATION SI ! GUERRA 'O! 

The Sixth Sun 

There is a mitote going around 
that there have been born a Superchicano and a Superchicana 

who are able to transcend centuries of chains. 

who walk in paths of evelRreen and flowers, 
under the smiling eyes of Xipe, 

who sinss songs of QuetzalCOCld', return 
to make new Laws, subdue Time, defi!lf! Aztlan's new culture. 

who know that the past has been cleansed in blood. 

under the divine eyes of HuItzilopoclttli 

and await the rise of the Sixth Sun. 

__ Quetzolcoyolt (MJH) 

Tuesday, April 11 , 1972 Page 3 



B LIVIA CAPITALISM 
AND RACISM -

Editor's note: The following within the U.S. The article not 
article was taten from a only educates us on the 
publication aamed UNIDAn Bolivian question, but it also 
LATINA. The article was keeps us informed on wbat is 
written by a member of the occurring on the international 
LEN (National Liberation scene and the possible 
Army), currently active consequences tbat it bas for the 
against fascism in Bolivia. In American people, i.e., a 
it, Huascar deals with loday's possible intervention. We must 
c rue i a I que s li 0 n s 0 f not forget the recent expose of 
revolutionary internationa- lIT. We hope tbat the article 
!ism: capitalism and racism. will help in eradicating the 
His historical analysis of the inhuman forces which have in 
dynamics of the Bolivian the past enslaved humanity -
struggle bas some validity and economic exploitation and 
can relate to the struggle racism. 

In Bolivia , land in which Che Guevara shedded blood, the 
unity between capitalism and racism is exceptionally clear. 
This unity shows that by their own natures capitalism and 
racism must exist together. 

There are five million people in the country. 80 percent or 
four million are indian, mainly Kechuas and Aymaras, of the 
remaining million most of them are mestizos (mixed). The 
whites are very small minority, they are like a small island 
within an inmense Indian Ocean. Nevertheless, this very small 
white minority owns all the country's resources, and controls 
the economy. This sitllation is very similar to Rhodesia in 
South Africa. 

The anti - Indian discrimination has a long history. After 15 
years of struggle against the Spanish empire Bolivia won its 
independence in 1826, the war never would have been won 
without the Indian participation. The results of the war were 
that the white families , descendants of the conquistadores. 
were the ones that exclusively benefitted from this war. They 
organized the country by taking as models Athens, Plato, the 
French Revolution of 1789, all of these completely alien to the 
very essence of the na tion . 

The Indian masses did not better their lot with the defeat of 
Spain and the birth of the " free" nation. They became aware 
that their white masters were now exploiting them in the name 
of the Republic and not of the King. The fundamental 
relationships to the land, to the mines and to other people did 
not change. For these reasons the 150 years as a .. sovereign 
republic " were years of suffering for most of the Bolivian 
people. 

FRAGMENTS OF PRESENT DAY 
DISCRIMINATION 

In every imaginable activity within the Bolivian society 
Indian discrimination and oppression is in evidence. 

In the army for instance. the white is chief. lhe commander ; 
the Indians are the soldiers. those that obey, those that fight. 
and dIe. In the church. the whiles are the hierarchy . the 
mur.signor or bishop ; the Indians are the pagans, those living 
under constant catechism, learning to pray to white gods. in 
white rituals. In Education the whites have schools and 

universities; the Indians are the object of reading campaigns, 
developed to teach them a language which is not theirs, and 
being made to forget their own. The white is the engineer and 
designer. The Indian is the worker, the one tbat sweats in the 
construction oC roads, hospitals , houses ... things tbat be will 
never use. 

The whites control all the political parties, Crom the Cascist 
right to the extreme anarchist left. The Indians do not have a 
political party of their own yet they are the target Cor all the 
parties. Never in the History oC Bolivia has there been an 
Indian representative or congressman, needless to say never 
has there been a minister or president. The ones usually chosen 
as representing the Indian population do nol speak Kechua or 
Aymara , and never have they spent a day in the field , as 
campesionos. 

In Bolivia , when a white rebels agains the government, if be 
is caught by the government the government recognizes the 
rebel as a political prisoner ; the person is protected under the 
law, Red Cross, political asylum. etc .... when an Indian rebels 
he is murdered, at times with the " silence" of even those in 
opposition to the government , 

COLONIALISM WITHIN THE REVOLUTION 

Due to their economic conditions Indians jlre generally 
unable to participate in Bolivia's political activities . This 
creates a situation where all political groups , including 
revolutionaries, anti - imperialists and self - proclaimed 
marxist , are born out of the white minority. 

Although in Bolivia all factions of International communism, 
Trotskysm, etc. are in existance, none of them has yet 
abandoned the intellectual environment of the cities, none of 
them has come to the Indian masses and worked politically 
within it. They all prefer to remain within the university 
campus, where " revolution" is just another topic of 
conversation. 

The majority of the white revolutionaries in Bolivia have 
frozen marxism to European modes, and in this dogmatic 
fashion they attempt to apply their vision of marxism to the 
Indian reality, a reality, that is not Western Europe by the 
Third World . In their analysis of country the word Kechua and 
Aymara do not appear. their concepts are abstracts, they do 
not reflect our reality. the bourgeoisie. the peasant worker 
alliance, etc . Within these revolutionaries traces of the 
conquistadores are still found , they feel they have nothing to 
learn from the Indian masses, instead of learning they bring 
another kind of " truth ". They feel they are the masters of 
strategies and they have the correct tactic to follow in order to 
bring liberation to the "empty Indian masses." 

They use marxist words and slogans but they are not 
marxists. The Indian masses in order to liberate themselves 
must determine the road to follow. and when they do . they will 
enrich international revolutionary experience and with these 
experiences they will enrich marxism. 

THE GUERILLAS AND THE 
INDIAN MASSES 

Symbolically, the first time marxism spoke in Kechua and 
Aymara is from Cuba . It is Cuba that. understanding the 

The Liberation of a people never occurs unless 
they are willing to take it. That is a Law. In this 
picture we witness a Latin American phenomena. It 
IS happening now and very little can be done to stop-
the dam from breaking. They belong to the People s 
Milita of the revolutionary movement in Doliva, 
where Che Guevara died fighting. They are in-

digenous to their land and are called Kechuas. From 
intuition one can see that they are reawakened 
warriors who have long hibernated and now It Is 
Spring. They are loosin~ the colonial chains locked 
arounil them by the Spaniards. An accompanlng 
article in this page, deals with the questions of 
Capitalism and racism as they relate to Marxism. 

Page 4, Tuesday, April 11, 1972 

Destitution is a facl, and not nclion, in Bolivia. II is a 
phenomenon that cannot be solved by Western pnualnmro-I 
py, bUI mUI. be solved by Ihose Involved. Above we 
child exhlbillng Ihe aspecls of the phenomenon and I 
accompanying article deals with Ihe efforts being made 
indigenous revolutionaries in solving their pressing needs. 

oppressive conditions of the Indians , begins to transmit radio 
programs in the Indian 's native language . Through its short-
wave station. The Voice of Cuba. programs are transmitted to 
the Indians in Latin America . 

The origin of the union between the ideological struggle and 
the racial struggle is naturally. in the most advanced 
revolution, the Cuban revolution. 

The names of the Latin - American guerrillas show their 
intention of reaching the Indians. There is Pachacutec and 
marl Chaska in Peru, Uturungos (Tigers) in Argentina and 
naturally the Tupamaros in Uruguay. It's not accidental that 
these names are Indian . As it's not accidental that it was the 
guerrillas who first understood the Indians problems. 

The best revolutionaries are found within the guerrillas , they 
have broken the web that attempted tOlstopihe revolution . 

The Ejercito de Liberacion Nacional (National Liberation 
Army) which is the official name of the guerrillas led by Che, 
are conscious of the important role that the Indians will play in 
the war of Liberation. When Che first organized the guerrillas 
in his first step was 10 learn and teach the Kechua language to 
the other guerrillas. Today , after the fascist coup of August 20, 
1971 the ELN is the only opposition, real and armed against 
fascism. 

HUASCAR 

MECHA 
MEETS 
EVERY 

WEDNESDAY 
AT 

7:30 P.M. 
INTERNATIONAL HALL 

All Mechistas cordially extend with 
gusto, their worm invitation to all per-
sons of Mexican descent and other 
interested p'ersons. The organization 
exists for the betterment of chicanos 
within the political entity of the 
United States. Involvement in its pro· 
jects are always open to peopJe who 
care. 

arts 

un and Games 
This is a game. The Arts editor has a Friday deadline. She 

knows that next Monday evening will reveal the doubtlessly 
disenchanting recipients of the Academy Awards . She has put 
into the hands of Publisher'S Offset (a firm far more 
responsible than Price-Waterhouse ) her predictions for the 
Academy Award winners . This is being read the Tuesday 
following the Monday evening awards . Let's see how accurate 
the predictions and/or the wishful thinking was/is . 

Best Picture 
Best Director 
Best Actor 
Best Actress 
Supporting 

Actor 
Supporting 

AClress 
ForeilnFUm 

Cinematograpl!y 
Costuming 
Screenplay 
(for screen) 
Screenplay 
(adaptalion) 

Wi.hful Thlllkinl 
Oockwork OrUle 
Stoley Kuhrld 

Topol or Peter Fillch 
Joe FOIIdI1 

LeoDlrd Frey 

Barbara Harris 

Prediction 
Lalt Picture Show 

Peter Bo&daDOvich 
Geae Hackmlll 

JaaeFODda 
Sen JOBson 

AaD-Margret 

Garden of tile Garden of the 
FilllI~tillls FillzI-CODtinls 

Fldcller ... lite Roof Frencll CoaDectioD 
Mary, Qlleea of Seet Nicolai aad A1exudra 
Suaday, Bloody Saaday French COIIIIection 

Flddter OD tile Roof Summer of '42 

P.S. Nominations in the "wishful thinking" category were to 
include Straw Do,I, TIle Go-Se-tweeD, Peckinpah . Losey . 

and Bates in the proper categories. The past is . I 
a foreign country. They do things differently there . 

Rosenerantz and 
- GlHldens ..... 

are 
March 28th through April 30th 

Ar irreverent behind-,he-scenes 
view of S~akes'peMe's Hom'et 

'M",. .. ,,,IIO",: nt·nll .... , """ 
' .0. "a 2171 . ... D .... . CoIW. 12112 
Tue . Wtd . T~u" Sun $250112 00 
F". Sal $30011250 
Sun milo".. . $200 1 " 50 

Speciol student rate : $1.50 anytimee~cept Sat. 
olb ~pl~Qtrr 

Would you want your'Goddaughter to Marry one? 
Carrie Rickey 

To speculate any further on the subject of whether or not 
"TIle GodfatlJer" will break all previous box office records 
would be prodigal. 

Theatre owners throughout the country are denying 
reviewers free passes to publicize the film - with the crowds 
that are in all the major cities to see the film, further publicity 
would be disastrous and only create more traffic jams. 

The Francis Ford Coppola film based on Mario Puzo's best-
selling novel perhaps reinforces the theory that to make a 
killing (no pun intended ... honestly) at the box office, take a 
bestseller - so then everyone who has read the novel will see 
h;)w accurate the film actually was. 

Despite having never read the novel, I was very impressed at 
the delicate Coppola-Puzo collaboration that made the 
characters of questionable repute appear very earthy and very 
human . In previous film views of the underworld (like Rod 
Steiger in "AI CaPDDe" and George C. Scott in one of the 
segments in "Tile Yellow Rolli-Royce") I always felt that all 
gangsters were hardboiled, unfeeling, unsentimental people 
deserving of whatever bad end they ultimately came to . I even 
resented the St. Valentine's Day Massacre that forced Tony 
Curtis and Jack Lemmon to flee to Florida in "Some Like it 
Hot." 

But "The Godfatber" makes each killing seem absolutely 
essential and makes organized crime appear to be the 
magnified chess game that it is instead of the senseless murder 
lhat it often appears to be . 

In the title role, Marlon Brando gives a flooring performance 
as the Godfather. Playing a mercenary man who, at the same 
time, is very family-oriented and , as I imagine Riesman might 
say, tradition-directed, Brando plunges his family into an 
atmosphere of big-time crime. But when it comes to gelting 
involved in dealing with heroin , the Godafther demurs because 
he senses that it might be used to corrupt young children, and 
the children are to be protected and sanctified, at all costs. 
The one flaw in Brando's performance was that he, sadly,·did 
not seem Italian enough. He used a gruff Brooklynese tone 
throughout the film , and his sons, played by AI Pacino and 
James Caan , seemed considerably more Italian . 

Pacino, as the much-loved Michael, and Caan, as the heady 
Santino, delivered strong performances. But the best acting in 
the entire movie was, I believe, done by Robert Duvall , who 
played the lawyer Hagen in an understated fashion as 
memorable as Nicholson 's ill-fated lawyer in "Easy Rider." 

The movie's great length (three hours ) is barely noticed as 
the nearly imperceptible changes are being made in the 

Wi thout Glasses 
Let's hear it again 
A little foul language if you please. 
Why bother with politeness when a little disg!!st will 
do? 
[mean, il's only your fellow man 
What do you owe him? 
A little change? 
(Alas, a few dollars, but no sense) 
And one picture destroys a thousand words 
Infinite peaces lie scattered. 
But then, what's a lie anyway? 
It's a question of what's upright. 
And right is wrong 
But that's where Ileft off lasl time 
The End 
Again . 

Larry Deckel 

WI HAVI THI 
PIISONAl TOUCH. 
WlALSOHAYI 
ntlGllATBT 
IN CASUAl MAl 
WlTAUSIK. 

7 .. 1 SlUID 
UJOUJ 

454·7169 

Corleone syndicate led by the Godfather, then Santino, then 
Michael. The imbroglios between the Sicilian Five Families of 
New York are gently underscored with the wedding of the 
Godfather 's daughter, Connie ; the interruption of the 
relationship of Michael and his girlfriend Kay ; and the 
Grecian-tragic culmination of events that cause Michael, 
everyone's hope to be the only "clean" son, to assume 
leadership of the Corleone clan and, in his turn , become a 
godfather in a series of ghastly ironies that would make even 
the most hardboiled viewer cringe. 

The Business is, as Michael realizes . a family affair, just as 
are the births, deaths, baptisms and marriages that are the 
part of everyone 's daily lives . In defense of the murders he 
must commil , Michael tells Kay that It'S imply analagous to 
any man in power. 

The photography in the film is overwhelming. To make lhe 
viewer seem more part of the movie . and . I Imagine, less 
alienated from the events that are occurnng on the screen, the 
cinematographer has most of the shots taken on eye-level. The 
viewer looks over the shoulder of the Godfather - sees people 
as the Godfalher would ha ve seen them . and then. later In Ihe 
film, all is seen as Michael views thmgs The unforgettable 
scene in the film shows the Godfather cavorting with his tiny 
grandson in the microcosmic vineyard in his back yard. Branda 
weaves in and out of the grape leaves as his tiny protege 
follows him with an insect-sprayer, and the effect IS startlingly 
as though the viewer were actually part of the segment. 

Some portions of the movie, however. the viewer most 
certainly would not like to be part of. The brutality of the many 
murders leaves the moviegoer feeling as culpable as the actual 
killer since each killing appears as though the bullets leave 
from the viewer'S seat. I choose not to pontIficate about the 
inclusion of the several rather grisly scenes. because. I 
imagine, murder was about as common in the daily fare as the 
pasta the characters 0 readily consumed. 

The authenticity of the costumes and sets is perhaps the 
most boggling element of all in the film . Where did Coppola gel 
the footage of postwar smQgless Hollywood and the towermg 
Grauman's Chinese Theater that is today dwarfed by many 
unattractive edifices? The Las Vegas marquees that announce 
such 1950's stars as Patti Page and Dean Martin and Jerry 
Lewis (Jack Entralter presents ) are as astoundingly realistic. 
The Hollywood mansion of the movie magnate where a 
decapitated animal is served up like an Atrean feast is equally 
impressive. 

Enough. It is a classic. Bellisima. 

Untitled 
Mode him look up 
not in lime-no time 

His season has come ripening bursling 
Hoving fallen into the Black Sea 
swallowed bya leviathan named w.G.-
taught him the shell game- Yeas 
Yes fish meal and peas was the game 
a pity he couldn 'I farm 
any more than he would marry 
The old wives bake loaves. The children learn the 
old rituals old ways and new names fol' same thin~s . 
The children come always the children for their 
small hands, wicked smiles. 

Winter comes. 
Michael Ekon 

FRIDAY FLICKS 
Sweet Charity 

7:30& 10:30 LSB 2722 50' 

SATURDAY MOVIES 
GEORGY GIRL 

and 

.. 
HIROSH A 
MON AMOUR 
7 & 10:30 L B 2722 

Tuesday, April 11, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



&;. Coed teams vie for 
;, Santa Barbara trip 

Pot Stacy 

UCSD duffers 

Those of you with the pep and energy to be up early Saturday 
and Sunday mornings were treated to a staggering exhibition of 
softball - or maybe it was an exhibition of stauering softball 
- as the coed tournament to detennine the UCSD rep for All-
cal at Santa Barbara moved into its second week. 

The HORNY HUMPERS looked better and better as they 
rolled over PASSION FLOWER and ATOMIC PILE by 
identical scores of too many to too little. It becomes 

• 

awaIt tourneys increasingly bard to believe that the HUMPERS can win with "something called a Roudebush" as pitcher. It just goes to show that good defensive play by the rest of the team can 
make even the worst pitcher look good. Meanwhile, the 

T.rry Porler GOOSERS looked worse and worse as they beat the 
THUNDER TURKEYS 9-5 to set up their grudge match versus 
the ORCHETTS who were an impressive 8-2 victor over MU AD 
DIB. JASPER ZYZROTZ surprised CH3, but not themselves 
by overcoming the ETHANOLERS to remain the only othe; 
undefeated team in tournament play. 

Perhaps the most unknown 
intercollegiate sport on 
campus is golf. The Triton golf 
team makes its home at 
Lomas Santa Fe Country Club 
and is coached by Charles 
"Pat" Patrick. 

First man alternates 
between Senior Captain Ray 
Gerrity and Junior John 
Murphy. The other members of 

Sport 
calendar 

The UCSD tennis team will 
have a busy week on its hands 
when it meets powerful San 
Diego State this afternoon and 
Cal State Fullerton on 
Wednesday afternoon . Both 
matches will be played at 
UCSD. The women 's team will 
also get into the act Fridav 
when they meet City College on 
the UCSD courts. 

The JV Soccer team will play 
a home game against 
Southwestern Wedne day at 
3.30 p.m. while the famed 
UCSD women's basketball 
squad Will terrorize Mesa 
College the same day at Mesa 

, , 

I I 1; , : 
i I I .: ; ) • I l... .l: .LJ L~/ 
~--

the team are veterans George 
Clarke, Jr .. John Folchi , Sr., 
and Dan Cismowski, Jr. Two 
outstanding freshmen round 
out the Varsity squad. They are 
Mike, Wydra, and Roland 
Stanislao, an All-Cal swinger 
from the Oakland area. 

The Tritons play a total of 
twelve matches and three 
invitational tournaments. So 
far this season, their record is 
an even four wins. four losses 
in match play and one 
cancelled tournament. This 
past week they played San 
Diego State University and. 
despite a good effort, were 
beaten solidly. They rebounded 
on Friday with a victory over 
Pima College of Arizona and a 
loss to USMC Camp Pendleton 
in a tri-team match played at 
Pendleton. 

UCSD is waiting for the 
AlA Tournament on May 1 

and the Southern California In-
vitational on May 13. According 
to Captain Gerrity "this will be 
when the team is in peak 
condition and will best be able 
to produce their best scores." 
Their next regularly scheduled 
dual-match is this Friday 
against Irvme at UCI. Those 
interested are welcome to 
check at the PE office for dates 
of home games. as the public is 
always invited and admission i 
free . 

Sallmlllm ud Volleyball 
This coming Sunday, April 16 at 12 o'clock, is the badminton 
tour~y to find out what lucky couple gets to go to AII-Cal. Sign 
up WIth your .partner in the intramural office before Sunday. 
You can get ID some good practice Thursday night when the 
gym is reserved for badminton freaks . 

The day before, Saturday. is the mixed doubles volleyball 
tournam~nt; agai~ . try to sign up before the day of the 
competitIon as thIS facilitates a smooth administration of 
things and a better time for everyone. A week from tonight will 
be volleyball mght. Cheryl Elliott 's going to be running things 
so you how it's going to be good times. From 7-9 p.m. the 
courts will be open to anyone. while from 9 on. there will be 
Women 's Intramural Volleyball League games, assuming 
there is sufficient interest. 

Pee Wee Champlon.hlp 
Our apologies go out to Pee Wee basketball champs LESSER 

OMENTUM who received none of their much-deserved 
coverage for copping the title last quarter . The OMENTUM 
men. probably the only true 5'10" and under team in the 

playof~s. were supported by Jess Boyer's 12 points and Kurt 
Hecox 11 as they nudged ARGO V in the finals. ~1-39 . Trager 
and Tebo ~ch scored 10 for the runners-up . but they came up 
one basket shy In theIr quest for victory as the fired up 

OM~ TUM took .the title that they so diligently pursued . 
Agam. our apologIes and congratulations to a fine group of 
student-athletes. 

UCSD tennis club 
sponsors tourney 

Rich Castra 
Well . spring has arrived and 

High Tide Low Tide 

that means great things for 
tennis fan~ . Among the 
featured attractions will be the 
UCSD Open Men 's Doubles 
tournament. to be held this 
Sunday. April 16. on the Muir 
courts . With the great spring 
weather Southern California 
offers. and the numerous tennis 
players who seem to have come 
out of winter hibernation (as 
can be seen by the tremendous 

Tennis club. the tournament 
will be open to all students. 
faculty. and staff of UCSD. 
Sign-ups are being accepted in 
the PE I)ffices through this 
Friday. April 14. and play will 
begiu ot 9 o'clock Sunday 

mornin~ . An entry fee of $1 per 
team WIll be charged. and each 
team is also asked to bring at 
least one new can of balls. 
preferably two. as there will be 
both championship and 
consolation play. See you 
Sunday' ? 

Sunrise 5:37 

Apr 12. Wed 
Apr . 13. Thur. 
Apr . 14. Fri. 

Sunrise 5:31 
Apr . 15. Sat. 
Apr . 16. Sun. 
Apr 17. Mon 
Apr. 18. Tues. 

LA JOLLA 
-,,-
'PIXIH 

AM 
8:05 
8.53 
9:44 

10:38 
11 :39 

'HARMACY 
Schtol Supplies 

Clsme,ics il 
955 Prospect 

, 

COMI. ,UNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F Slreel 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tuel - Sot 
945- 5,30 

Women Welcome 

ClolOd Sun & Moo. 
23J.8328 

HI. PM 
5.4 8:09 
5.28 :44 
4.89 :22 

4.410 :02 
3.910 : 48 

11 :43 
2:27 

Sunset6 :26 
HI. AM Ht. PM 
6.5 1 :57 0.6 1:58 
6.8 2.41 1.2 2:33 
7.0 3:30 1.63 :09 
Sunset 6:29 

6.8 .4.18 1.6 3: 46 
6.55 :131.44 :25 
6.06:14 l.l 5:16 
3.4 7:25 0.7 6:37 

HI. demand for courts these days I . 
0.0 the tourney promises to be 
0.4 enjoyable not only for 
0.8 participants. but spectators as 

well. who are encouraged to 
1.2 come out and support their 
1.7 favorites . You surely can 't beat 
2.2 the admission charge-
2.7 absolutely nothing. 

Sponsored by the UCSD 
~aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaDlllalallla 

IMPORTED fOODS- WINES .""u (HAIJPAGNES 
THE HOME Of THE ART l(hOKE fRITATTA 

\Idr~ct & l),·li,dl(·--rn 
(.a ll·rill~- dll .iJC parlil" 

Food to go 
78:JH,irartl \H'o l.aJolla. Calif. 1 .)IJ~:) IlJl 

Discover the World on Your 
SEMESTER AT SEA 
Sails each September & February 
Combine accredited study with 
educational stops in Afr ica, Aus-
tralasia and the Orient. Over 5000 
students from 450 campuses have 
already experipnced this interna-
tional program, A wide range 01 
financial aid is available. Write 
now for free catalog: 

Bol CC12, Orang., CII. 12116 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 11, 1972 

Ia Jolla 
i~orfll 
larlttt 

m. A "'* OE 1.4 ,1.4 YA 
... • St.~ 

,,.u,',,, 
".IIu, 

."'" rl .. , .. ., 

Members of 1M es .... doI.t 1M peak of Mt. DIablo: from left 
l..uce Grlallle. Iapid It .... P •• o.lly. Mart itoMIe. Mart 
Boettcer, Ite'" Role, ud Jose" Sa.per. 

Students escape to 
peak of Mt. Diablo 

Marlr /{oide 
So what do people do with a week to leave academia and live 

in the real world? Well, we climbed Mount Diablo in Baja, 
California. Mostly strangers to each other before this trip. we 
were a group of assorted variety. Six overgrown Boy Scouts 
who had become Revelle men comprised the majority of the 
group. Along with us came a handsome lad from Poway Higb 
School and a Muir literature major girl. a fine young lady. 

After a bumpy ride through the sandy desert roads we 
arrived at a ranch and began rock scrambling up seventeen 
miles of boulder infested creek. When it became too dark to see 
rocks Lo scramble over , we camped by the creek . We would 
build a fire and huddle around it for warmth and 
companionship. this we did in the blackness of the night 
hearing the bubbling sound of the water. the whistling of the 
wind. the chirping of frogs and the burping of other critters. I 
could not help but imagine how our primitive ancestors used to 
gaze at fires like this one on nights when its warmth seemed to 
keep them an armslength away from a hostile world which 
surrounded them. 

Perhaps too by staring at the fire we were gazing at 
something inherent and common to us all. a part of our soul, 
and by doing so we felt a kinship with our ancestors who did 
what we were doing only very long ago. Someone would toss a 
scrap of aluminum foil into the fire. And then a Revelle biology 
major would say "Geez. I wunder wut the first ionization 
potential of aluminum is?" And then we would realize that we 
were no longer cavemen. Blah . 

Finally we reached the base camp leading to the peak which 
meant that we had to scramble up steeper slopes than before. 
When we weren 't pathfinding our way up sixty degree inclines 
or clicking off pictures with our Japanese cameras, we would 
rest. 

The trip back down from the peak could be described as 
follows : You stumbled over and slid down rocks and for every 
rock behind there was always one in front which made for sore 
and blistered feet. We did . however, refresh ourselves by 
bathing m a rock pool of water. We would jump and slide down 
p?lished g~anite into the. pool. smelling like cow dung and 
dlsturbmg Its clear tranqUIlity by our splash entries. 

So after two days we made it back to the bottom of the creek 
where we had started Qur adventure. and then walked a couple 
of miles across the desert back to our van - all except for 
three of us who got sidetracked chasing a red-racer snake and 
spent half a day walking over meadow muffins in the dry and 
dusty wind looking for the trail. So finally we all did 
reassemble at our van. and we drove through the dust storm 
that separated us from the civilized world. We felt a sense of 
fulfillment. either because we had confronted the raw 
elements of nature and had thereby satisfied some inherent 
desire within us. or bec~use we felt so relieved after having 
scrambled up and down fifty miles of pain-in-the-rear rocks. 
We left with sore and blistered feet, but rested intellects . 

s 
. srOITS AliNA FRI. APR.1' 8PM 

Ticklts:IS6.00 Adv_ - $5.75 DIY of Show 
Tlckels .ull.Dle It: AlIl lc ketron Outlets. 

All Snuker Inns, Bill Gamble's Men's Stores. 
Centrallicket Arencl.s, Sports Arena Ticket Office . 

Call 224-4176 for ticket Inlormltlon . 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
1105 P,ospeCl SI. 

La Jolla, Cal ,f . 92031 
(714) 454-0805 

Importers • Alric,n F,brics 
CU"O!, Arts & Crlfts 
WholeSiI. & Ret,it 

_ : ••• IIT .U.IIIU 

NO MORE PENCILS, NO MORE BOOKS, 
NO MORE DIRTY LOOKS. 

TWA INTRODUCES THE 1972 
GETAWAY* PROGRAM. 

This ad wasn't written to amuse you. It was 
written to get you to think. To think of how few 
school vacation you may have left. 

Before you know it, the 9 to 5 ha Ie will be 
starting" So this ummel' may be your la t real 
chance to travel. To help you plan your getaway, let 
us end you our free Getaway'" Kit. 
With the Kit you can get: 
TWA's Stutelpass.* 

A coupon booklet that gives you a room and 
continental breakfast in"either a gue thou or 
tudent hotel in Europe for only $4.80 a night. 

No advance reservation are needed. 
Al 0 included are free coupon that can be u ed 

for bullfight, u e of a bicycle, theater tickets, 
sightseeing and more. 
TWA's Bed and Breakfast Adventures. 

2- to 7 -day gue ,thou e packages to any of 50 
European cities. Among them Am terdam, where 
you can spend 3 day for only $22. And Athen , 
where 3 nights cost only $16. 
TWA's Getaway:': Card Application. 

With TWA's Getaway Card, you can charge 
airfare, hotels, meals, car r ntals, eta way 
packages and more. And th n take up to two years 
to pay. 

It's the most widely ddribut d wid ,jy acc 'pted 

airline card in the world. And it' free. 
TWA's Youth Passport* Card. 

If you're 12 thru 21 ,You can get 1/3 off normal 
domestic coach flight, on a tandby basis. 

Plus di counts on over 20 other airline in the 
United State, Canada, and Europe. 

The card also gets you discount at over 700 shop' 
and hotels around the world. 
TWA's Getaway* Guidebook. 

A 224-page guidebook highlighting 19 of the mo t 
popular citie in the world . 

r-----------------------------, 
I PLEASE SEND ME I 
: ,YOUTH GETAWAY KIT. i 
I I I TWA, P.O. Box 76 I 
I Farmingdale, .Y. 11735 I 
I I 
I I I . 'arne I 
: ddl' 'S~ I 
I Ity , 
I I 
I ' z I I :-;wle ,IP I 

~~----~---------------~~~~ 
" ., \ ''''111.'' k- """ I (,\lil'- . \ "II 11\ l \I ,\ 

Tuesday, April ,11, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 




