
Propositions 3, 4, 5 

Educational and 
Legislative 

Amendments 
Greg Hicks 

In about a month, three gain approval of a lease for 
signi ficant issues will be pollution control facilities. 
decided by California voters. Changes Proposed 
At this time Propositions 3, 4, Proposition 4 deals with the 
and 5 will be put before voters structure of the California 
In the state. The content of Legislature. It proposes a 
the e measures varies greatly. number of changes in 

Proposition 3 is concerned legislative practices . The 
with the acquisition of money proposition provides that the 
or pollution control facilities. Legislature meet for a single 
A "yes" vote on Proposition 3 two-year session between 
wou ld allow the State general elections instead of 
I eglslature to authorize the each year for an unspecified 
Isuance of revenue bonds to length of time. The proposi-
provide money for acquisition, tion also sta tes that instead of 
onstruction, and installation the Legislature reconvening 

On/' pierure ;\ worth a thnu\und wordl . 

of pollution control facilities.' after a regular session to con-
he money which the state sider vetoes by the governor, 
orrowed through the sale of this will be done before ad-

bonds would not be repaid by journment of the session. The 
the general taxpayer . The proposition would also change 
'noney would be provided by the period between pas age of 
mdu tries which leased the a bill and the time at which a 
acdi ties . However, there bill takes effect. Instead of 60 

might be an indirect cost to days after adjournment, bills CAVEAT READER : Appelrances Ire often deceiving, 
he taxpayer if, for example, would take effect on Jan. 1 

the issuance of the bonds next following a 90-day period Ind this quasi-'underground' newsplper with Irticles on 
aused an increase in interest after enactment." Other mis-

rates on future bonds which cellaneous changes are the 'new rallilln' in foreign policy is published by 
\-ere paid for by the general provided for also. 
taxpayer. According to proponents of Young Voters for the Prasident. 

No Economic Disadvantage Proposition 4, this measure 1--------------------------1 
Indivi duals who support would increase the efficiency 

Proposition 3 have stated that of the operations of the 
If the proposition is adopted it Legislature. It would, they say, 
will allow industries to meet fix definite deadlines for 
pollution control standards by legislative actions, reduce the 
pre v i 0 u sl yes tab lis h e d influence of special interest 
eadli nes without shutting groups which take advantage 

flown plants, laying off men, of present insufficiencies in 
and diverting finances from the legislative organization, 
prod uction to meet these and shorten the time a retiring 
deadli nes. or defeated legislator would 

tate enator Clark Bradley, remain in office. 
an opponent of the proposi- Ken Mac Don a I d , a n 
lon, has sta ted that Proposi - assemblyman from the 37th 

tlon 3 is not necessary to aid District who opposes Proposi -
Industry to curb pollution. In- tion 4, states that "the key to 
ustry has been aided already, reform is not another con-

according to Bradley, by "an stitutional amendment but in-
decelerate d depreciation stead public pressure on the 
write -off over five years" Legislature to do the job 
whic h has been of con- within present laws." In this 
)lderable assistance to in- way, states MacDonald, such 
dustry. He states further that reforms as open committee 
the general taxpayer's money meetings, abolition of ghost 
might be used if a corporation voting, ad publication of 
get a pollution con trol unit sources of political con-
and the project fails, or the tributions will be achieved. He 
corporation leaves the state or states also that the Legislature 
goes broke. He sta ted also that should undertake to reform 
he issuance of revenue bonds ~ itself whether or not a 

by the state would open the ~easure wuch as Proposition 4 
door to "a new indirect type of IS adopted. 
state debt which the voters More Local Control 
would not be given the chance Propo.sition 5 wou.ld . grant 
to vote on either as to the the legislature permission to 
purpose or amount of these' delegate special authority for a 
bonds." school board to "carry out any 

With reference to the matter activity if it is related to school 
of the general taxpayer 's purpos~,s and is not prohibited 
mon ey John Knox an by law. assembl~man from the ' 11th . Propo~ents of the proposi-
District, states that "none of tlon pOIOt out the fact that 
the other industrial states local school boards cannot 

hlch currently use this type , take any action with.out the 
f financing for pollution con- consent . of the legislature . 
rol have ever experienced any They m.a~ntaln that passage of 
efault or delinquency on Proposition 5 would make 

pollution control bonds." Ac- s~hool boards more respon-
ording to Knox, the taxpayer slve t~ the p~rsons who ~oted 
ill not be ca lled upon to them I.nt~ ~fflce . According to 
ontribute any money if the these indiViduals, each school 
rogram contained in Proposi- board sh~u ld be empowered 

Iton 3 is arried out. He states to d~al With ~he . n eds ?f tho 
hat it is extremely unlikely particular district ~hlch It 
,~.at a corpora t ion with a Et0verns . The leglslatur 
Inancially shaky" tatus will (( .ntlnuf><1 ")11 pI! Iwo 

havez Addresses 50S 
Assesses Proposition 22 

David Buchbinder 
Approximately 1000 students and farmworkers gathered 

Saturday at San Diego State to hear farm worker leader Cesar 
Chavez speak on Proposition 22. 

Speaking on the tenth anniversary of the founding of the 
United Farm Workers, and on the seventh anniversary of the 
Delano grape strike, Chavez said that " San Diego has been a 
fertile field in the farm worker struggle for years. In this 
community we have found great dedication on the part of 
students and community people to support the UFW. 

"Grapes are good now," Chavez stated; " eat them; the 
more you eat, the more work our people will have." 

After discussing some current developments in the UFW, 
among them a move to recall Arizona governor Jack 
Willliams, and a wine grape strike at White River growers in 
Tulare county, Chavez began to discuss Proposition 22, the 
so-called Farm Worker Initiative. 

"This law has been rejected three times by the California 
Legislature. When the proponents of this unconstitutional law 
saw that it was failing in the Legislature, they conceived the 
idea to place it on the ballot," Chavez said . 

" Proposition 22's sole purpose," Chavez told his sup-
porters, "is to destroy the Union." 

After pointing out that Proposition 22 just recently went to 
court for signature fraud on its petitions (it won, 22 is still on 
the ballot) , Chavez discussed several reasons why he con-
siders Proposition 22 a " threat to the farm worker." 

" This initiative takes away the right to strike," Chavez said , 
" because when an employer is faced with a strike, he can go 
to court and get an immediate injundion to stop the strike for 
60 days. No worker in the country has been deprived of the 
right to strike." 

liTo ask for an election for a union at a farm, 30 per cent of 
the workers must sign a petition, but the workers have had to 
have worked 14 out of the last 21 days at the farm," Chavez 
remarked . 

liThe initiative also states that elections shall not be held at 
any point when the number of migrant workers outnumbers 
the permanent employees./I 

Chavez furth r explained that if the Union breaks the 
proposed Proposition 22 law, it would be puni hable b a 
S5,OOO fin and a on year sentence. However, if the owner of 
a farm was to br ak the proposed law, a report wouid mE'rel 
go to the labor relation board." 

Concluding, Chavez aid, /l In hort , the propo itlon ovvers 
no recour e for th worker." 

Affirmative 
Action Report 

On October 18, 1971 an urgr.nt notlc e "'as sent 10 all 
departmpnt C hairmE'n on the L.C D (' ampu con( prnlnR th(· 
AffirmatiyE' Anion program on hE' C [) cdmpu Allir-
matlVE' Action i~ J program which ha~ bppn f' tahllshprJ to 
InCrE'aSp th numbPr of women and mlnorilv f'mplo\cf's 
hlrE'd by thC' unlv('rSlty In accordann' with gUldf·itnes pt b\ 
thp Oepartmpnt of HC'alth, Education dnrJ Wr. ltdrp If h,· 

.u niversl ty dOC'1 not mpet with thE'sP guidellnc· e 0 part-
ment of HE'alth [ducdtlon and WE'lfare ha\ the riRhl to cut ot 
f deral funds from thE' universlt\ 

In thiS notice, It "'as stated that as of Augu~t, 1971, UC D 
had not mE't ",ith thesE' gUidelines . In tact It 
"underrE'prE'\f'ntE'd at all levels." 

As of June 23, 1971 thi~ was the percent of wompn In pac 
department on campu , as compared With the number Of 
PHD's conferred on women in he depar ment arpa 

UCSD UCSD Faculty Ph.D's 
Unit % Women % Women 

Aero pace & Mechanical 
Engineering ci nces 0 0.2 
Anthropology 12 20.5 
Applied Ph ~ics & Information cience 

0 0.2 
Biolog 0 
Chemistr 0 8.2 
Communication 0 
Drama 0 
Economics 0 6.8 
History 0 13.0 
Linguistics 8 
Literature 0 32.8 
Mathematics 0 5.8 
Music 21 
Philo ophy 0 ~~ 1.1 
Physics 'i 2.6 

Psycholog 0 22.; 
Sodolog 0 20.4 
Visual Art 22 
Scrise Institution 
Cra uate Department 0 
School of M dicine 
Community Medicine 6 

1 I 

Anoma Iy Factory 
Shut Down 

RIC Drom 

l.;C O '~ Anomah Factory 
Theater wa clo~ed Frida\ after 
a statE' fire mar hal made an 
inspection of the budding . 
David Cunningham, the direc-
tor of the theater group was 
"shocked " at the deCision 
which came about 6 hour 
before a performance wa 
cheduled Cunningham aid 

that the safet aspect of the 
building had been di cus ed 
three years ago and had been 
deemed satisfactor . 

The factor had intended to 
follow-up last week 's premiere 
performances with two more 
this weekend. But instead, had 
to turn away about 200 people 
who had come to attend the 
performance of the Amazing 
Amalgamated Amorphous. 

The Fire Marshal cited the 
factory 's deficiencies in three 
areas, according to Cun-
ningham. The first wa the lack 
of adequate rear exits in the 
building. Th econd wa the 
u e of pol eth lene, a flam-
mable material , in the theater. 

final con Ideration was the 
lack of water In the budding. 

Cunningham ~dld that there 
ma\ be om problem with 
the present theater but added 
tha t therr I no where 1'1 (' t u: 
the\ can p('rform H ('~ 

tllnated the co t of meE'tin\! 
the tIre mar\hal ' ~uldeline\ .II 
about 5 to 10 thousand dolla" 
and impract ical amount Ince 
the building iln t e\en wor h 
that much now according to 
Cunningham 

Tragically the factor. ha' 
pent the last two month · 

butlding and rE'hearsin for 
the current production The\ 
spent all their budget In hope 
of clearing even with gatp 
receipts Presentl\ the factory 
i funded 2/ 3 by the UCSD 
Programming Board and 1 3 
b gate receipt . 

Before reaching a deci Ion 
on the future of the Factory, 
director Cunningham aid tha 
he Will walt for further Infor· 
mation . Cunningham believes 
that he might get authOrIZa-
tion to perform in Just one 

~ecion of the butldlng Unfor-
tunate l that would onlv ft' 
1I6th of the", hole how 

Another alternative would 
be to hold the show out Ide of 
the ')utldlng \yhere fire 
regul< tion would not be a 
Itrlct But now (unntn~harr 
doE' n t ~now \yhere he oul~ 
get fin lnClnlol tor ,uch J pro 
I('(.t He I' hnpptlll th.lt thl' 
UIII\ll,\lt" \,UUI\.J ,,-'''1\ (,,} 11 .... 11 
.lld ~ 



UC Grading 
Practices 
Questioned 
The American Federation of Teachers at the University of 

California, Los Angeles, revealed that UC administrators have 
been investigating the grading practices of professors being 
considered for promotions and merit increases, UCLA now . 
requires that faculty dossiers include data on the grade 
distributions in courses taught by professors. 

Lora Weinroth, UCLA Assistant Professor of French and 
President of local 1990, UCLA-AFT, charged the University 
w ith violating academic freedom and intruding improperl y 
into the professional activities of teaching faculty. Weinroth 
said that the UCLA policy puts "instructors under great 
pressure to grade 'hard', threatening the integrity of the 
educational process and the interests of students," Professor 
Weinroth added : " How can UC administrators be competent 
to j udge appropriate grading practices in the hundreds of 
courses and dozens of different disciplines in the University? 
Moreover," she sta ted , "any attempt to promote uniform 
grading standards can serve only to debase the process of 
evaluating students." Professo r Weinroth ca lled on UCLA to 
abandon grade surveillance. The AFT offered to represent any 
faculty member who believes his or hpr advancement has 
been adversely affected by the new UCLA poltcy. "The 
American Federation of Teachers will take every appropr iate 
step to stop a practice which rewards professors who flunk 
out students and punishes those whose grading policy 
dopsn't please the UCLA bureaucracy," Weinroth 
said 

Graduate 
Scholarships 
Available 
T hf' Caltfornla 5tate Scholarship and Loan CommiSSion 

announces the opening of the competition for the 1973-74 
State Graduate Fellowship Program with the distribution of 
applications to every California college, graduate school, and 
profeSSional school. 

tate Graduate Fellowships are for tuition and fpes at 
California graduate or professional schools and are designed 
to assist in the development of the talents of able students in 
graduate and profeSSional education. 

Slate Graduatf' Fellowships are available to students who 
will be In their first or second ypar of graduate or professional 
school beginning September 1, 1973. 

Approxlmatelv 200 feliowshlpl will be available for the 
1973-74 academiC Y('3r and are tenable for graduate degree 
work In the SCiences, social SCiences, humanities, the arts, 
mathematics, engineering, business, education and 
prfessioldl degrpps In law, medicine, dentistry, veterina ry 
mpdlCln', pharmacy, and others which may be determined 
by th lommlSSlon 

I\pplt dllons musl be filed with thp tatp cholarship and 
lo.m ( ,mmlSSlOn by D!'cpmbpr 15,1972. Announcpmpnt of 
wlnnpr' will bf' on 'VIarrh 30, 1973. All fellowship appit("ants 
will bf' It 'IU;" ,! '., ",r. ... ,t IPsl ,cores from eith r the 
(,r.l(iUd (' Record FXdmlnallon, th!' Law ~cnll\JI ,\Jmission 
Tf'S\, Ih .. Opnl31 Admissions Tpst, thp 'VIf'di("al School Admis-
Ion T. I, or Ihp I\rimi,s,on Tl'st for GradualP Schools of 

Bu InpS, d('pf'nrJin~ on the spf'Clfir acadpmi! compptition 
"nlprpt. 'io If')! "orl'S will rlf' .lCr!'plf'd from IsIs taken aftN 
D('(('m lH 16, 1'172, dnd studf'nts musl request that scores 
from prrvlous IPst <Idmlnistrallom be sent to the ommisSlon 
by rhdr dJlp Appl'c .lIlom mdY bl' s!'curf'd from Cali fornia 
collp~('s dnd unlVprSlllf'S or riirf'rtly from thf' Commission. 

Graduate Students' 
Council 

Thur day, October 12 4:00 PM 506 Matthews Campus 
The Graduate Student Council serves as a liaison between 

graduate students and the University administration. It is 
composed of two representatives selected - usually in the 
fall - by graduate students in each graduate department . If 
you are interested in serving as one of your department's 
representatives, please talk with your departmental graduate 
secretary or ca ll Jean Fort, Ext. 1258. 

All graduate students are welcome and invited to attend all 
Graduate Student Council meetings. If you cannot attend the 
meeting and would like anjtem put on the agenda, please call 
Jea n Fort, Ext. 1258. 

AGENDA 
1. Announceme nts. 
2. Report on the Graduate Student Questionnaire. 
3. Selection of graduate students for the following com-

mittees: 
a. Resistution Fee CommiHee; two graduate students (Eric 

H;:rtwig, 510, who has served on the committee since Fall 
1970 is co-chairman this year; one additional student to be 
nominated); allocates funds for student services and activities 
received through Registration Fees. 

b . ACildemic Sen ilte ilnd Executive ilnd Policy Comminee; 
two graduate students who have the power to make motions 
on the floor and to participate in the formation of agendas for 
monthly Senate meetings. The same students also serve on 
the Executive and Policy Committee. 

c. Graduilte Council of the Academic Senate; two graduate 
students; is charged with overseeing graduate student 
academic affairs at UCSD. 

d . Committee o n EduCiltionill Policy ilnd Courses of the 
Academic Senate; one graduate student . 

e, Committee on ACildemic Freedom of the Academic 
Senate; one graduate student; studies conditions both within 
and without the University which may affect the academic 
freedom of the members of the University. 

f. Library Committee of the Academic Senate; one graduate 
studen t; meets three or four times a year to consider policies 
regarding the libraries. 

g. Chancellor's Advisory Council on Student Life and 
Interests; two graduate students from the general campus 
(S IO and the Medical School have already selected represen-
tatives); meets with the Chancellor on alternate Mondays at 
4:00 to consider matters affecting UCSD students. 

h. C.mpus Community Relations Advisory Board; one 
graduate studen t; works with the community in developing a 
Universi ty communi ty master plan 

i. Parking Advisory Committee; one grad uate student; 
recommends policies on campus parking. 

j. Bookstore Advisory Committee; one graduate student; 
makes recommendations and hears complaints regarding the 
Bookstore. 

k. Vending Machine Committee; one graduate student; 
allocates funds rec ived from the campus vending machines. 

I. Computer Center Policy Committee; one graduat stu-
df'nt 

m. Fourth C(.lIege PI~nning Committee; one graduate 
'Iudent. 

m. Fourth Co!' ":" nnin!; Committee; one graduate 
'Iuden!. 

n. Mandeville l .. , ure Series Committee' on!' gr.,duJte 
student 

o Campus Programming Board; one graduate student; has 
re~ponslbilitv for providln~ balanced programming of cam-
flU\ ('venls. 

p Communica tions Board i two gradua te stud nts; 
ov('(se-es the ope>ratlons of student publications and SDDT. 

q. Building Advisory Committee on the Student Center; 
one graduate student. 

r. Housing and Food Service Advisory Committee; one 
graduale student residing in rpsidence halls . 

If you ar interested in serving on one of these commit tees, 
pi ase talk with your departmental representative, ca ll Jean 
Fort, Ext .. 1258, or come to the meeting. 

Ple.:tse talk with graduate students in your department 
aboul these committees and bring to the meeting names of 
those students who are Interested in serving on them , 

4. [Iection of new chairm n of the Graduate Student 
Council. 

5. Nf'w Business. 

ICHUD HABONIM 
WEEKEND CAMP 

SEMINAR 
AT IDYlWllD 
OCT. 13-1 .5 

COST $7 
INCLUDES Meal" 

lodging & 
T ron~portotion 

2864406 

Propositions • • • 
continued fro m page one 

would retain the right to in-
terfere with the actions of the 
schoo l board only if th e 
Legislature feels that it is in the 
best interests of the state to 
do so. 

Opposing argumen'5 state 
that this measure would give 
irresponsible officials a blank 
check to carry out dubious 
experi ments and irresponsible 
programming. The effects of 
this type of thing could, it is 
argued, be disastrous for the 

children involved . Recall 
board members or ini tiation 
corrective measures would , 
is said. be divisive, long, 
costly. 

The reply to this, as sta ted by 
Assemblyman John 
Vasconcellos, is that Proposi. 
tion 5 would not provide un· 
limited power to school 
boards. It would authorize the 
Legislature to delegat e a 
greater degree of power to 
school districts. However, the 
Legislature would reserve "the 
power to change or withdraw 
any power 50 d~Jegated." 

Women in' 
Literature 

lisa Heikeef 
Dr, A'braham Dijkstra of Ihe 

UCSD Department of 
Literature is teaching a course 
with a new perspective this 
quarter. He ·is dealing with the 
American female novelists of 
this century. Readings cover 
authors as diverse as Edith 
Wharton, Carson McCullers,. 
Susan Sontag; and Sylvia·Plath, 
According to Dr. Dijkstra, the 
purpose of such a course is 
twofold : first, to bring the' 
works of these unsung 
novelists to the attention of 
today's students; and second, 
to describe the "intellectual 
context out of wh ich modern 

. woman has developed." 
Dr. Dijkstra indicated that 

one need not be specifically 
oriented to the current 
feminist movement to gain 
from such a perspective. The 
works are part of a larger con-
text dealing with the inter-
relation ships of society , 

included in other department 
offerings.) He is also teaching 
the class because there are no 
women i n the Engl ish· 
American section of the 
Qepartment.He claims to be 
"standing in" in part, unt il 
these is a woman on the staff 
who could handle the course. 
The lack of women seems 
quite serious, as, after what Dr 
Dijkstra called a "minor i 
" last year, there are now 
women of professoria l 
among the Department 
Literature staff of 39. He feels, 
however, that federal direc· 
tives concerning hiring 
been effective. 

Sandra Dijkstra, Abraham 
Dijkstra's wife has been 
teaching courses of similar 
orientation for a couple 
years in the extensi 
program. Dr. Dijkstra 
see an expansion of thi s 
proach to literature, and 
siders his present 

ideology, and literature. He l~!!~ii!!!!!!!!!l!llI!! • • iiia!! 
commented that wh ile women 
outnumber men enrolled in 
the course, the group is in no 
way strictly composed of ar-
dent feminists . Rather, he con-
siders the attitudes of the class 
memb rs quite representative 
of the student body, and finds 
that the class is hardly a 
political forum. 

The profcssor is teaching the 
Women in li teratu re ourse 
becau e he is intcrested in the 
m,lterial and fpels therc is a 
real need for such an ap-
proach in the dppartment. 
(Only certain accepted female 
writers,sucha Jane 

'The Marx I ralhers and f elllni 
, . • you 'll laugh your lI.ad offt " 

--l.)"O"" WPlX, New Yo,k 

III11 ~IH 
Special cu .. t Star FAMILY 

SAN DIEGO 
I fRI. 
II OCT. 21 

8 PM srOMSAlI:XA 
Allllitt rutn ... t II.SO, $' .10. 54.SO 
'Illl~h A'iallallie ill a,lI Gamble 's Men ', Stores, 

Centr,,' l 'f ~e t Alfncll's, SPOriS Arena Ticket Offlu 
Call 124 .116 lor tl cUt Information 

Cal-PIRG at UCSD 
'ocal stud('nts in Ca l-PIR G are now 

working un a ampdign against consumer 
Iraud and fa lse advertisinr-:. Thf'ir efforts ar 
aimed at stopping rctail ~ t OI(,S from mi -
ledcltng the public abou r guarante s, sal s 
Jnd related ISSUCS. This is the first of many 

prnject~ wh ich students from the California 
Pllblic Interest Resl'arch Group in an 
Dif'gO will bl'~in. 

One of the organizer~ of this projC'ct IS 
Paul Kluhte, a graduall' studf'nt In law at the 
Lnl\('(Sltyof an Diego. He recognized the 
nped for ~ome tYflc of group action against 
Itor('1 whICh deceive the public BecJusf' 
this was a common problcm, facing th!' 
public as a whole, hf' enlisted the aid of Cal· 
PIR;G to work on it. 

Cdl-PIRG members who are interested In 
tl1ll probl m now call their campu~ 
repr('len tatives, These representatives ex-
plain the program and organize intE'restpd 
Iludf'nts to meet with an as~istant City at-
tmncy. 

The attorney l.mtruC\s members on what 
to look for In order to determine that a 
-tore is breaking the law. Hl' explains what 
constitutes a falS(' advertisement, a mis-
INdmg guarantee or a false claim about 
quality. He also explains how students can 
gather evid nce which will stand up in 
(ourt. 

After the briefing members go back to 
the,r local communities and keep their eyes 
open. When they ee cases of fraud in stores 
thry gather evi dence and call the city at-
torney's office. A city attorney will then take 
tht' case and prosecute the store in court. In 

thiS way the public will bp on pv('n t('rm~ 
wirh the store; tl1(' public Will havf' a 
professionJI lawy('r dcl!'nding m Int('(P~t~ 
in court. 

If the ("asp is taken to rourt thp Cal-PIRC 
mt'mbPr Will probably bf' ask('d to te~tify in 
court again~t Ihf' storf'. If hp dol" he w,II 
rpc("v(' a $12 witn('~s fpf'. 

Tho e al UC D who would lik(' 10 know 
morE' about thiS projPct or who would lik(' 
to work on ,t M(' U rgf'd to c a II X1905 Therp 
IS also a al-PIRC df'sk located in thp 
"filhbowl" dt 'VIuir Wh('rl' information and 
I'gn-up sheets will b(' available. 

Two more al-PIRG prolects are now In 
tht' planning sta~('s. Thp first would bf' 
patterned after J rf'cent PI RG prOj('ct In 
Hawaii. There, PIR(J m('mbNs publicized 
food prices in 10r.ll newspapPrs to t('11 
comumerl who reJlly hdd discounl pmps. 
They wer(' ((('dltf'd with lowertng food 
prices by fivE' per ("('nt \\.hilp national food 
prices went up about fiv!' pf'r cpnt 

The s('C'ond project would be a 
"watchdog proj('cl" to publiClz(' City Hall 
mt'etlngs. Too oltrn public issues are lost 10 
prtvate interests because expert tpstlmony 
on the subject IS not avallablp at City Hall 
Hopefully Cal·PIRG can fill thi gap by 
anticipating future pub"c ,nterest issues and 
locating experts to testify in the pub"c's 
behalf. 

The e and other topics will be discussed 
at the next Cal·PIRG meeting. It Will be held 
Thursday, Oct. 12 at 4 pm. in the Muir 
fishbowl. All interested faculty and students 
are welcome to attend. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE Of 
OPTOMETRY 

ATTHE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3745 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. l uoldrom SporH lrena 
• EYES EXAMINED . PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED • 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED . REPAIRS • 
HOURS:Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sot. 10 A.M, · 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 

latest fashions 
;n w;re frames 

triton t illles 

aff irmative 
action ... 

continued from page 1 

Unit faculty 
o 

Ph.D'!> 
Mt·dicin.-
Neurology 
Obstetric ,/Gynec o logy 
1',l thology 
PediatriH 
Psychiatry 
Radiology 
Surgery 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
8 

A, of fc,hru.lll 1,1972 Ih" following figurl'l ""rf' d, c () pcj 
(onc "rnlll~ Ih" \Iflrnldll\<, .Kt,on Pcogl.lln, pro~I"1 
(.tmpu, 

on 

1 h"sp IIIHHf" r"l.ltp lin II' 10 tho,. hI/I,d ." II I ' cdpar' CII 
A\t.,I"ldf'lt Profp,("or nr dho\.(-
Hlrtnl(' 
Gl'lll'r.11 ( dmpu,/ ~( "pp' In t!lutl"n 

14 \\01111'11 2flllll'''' 
(, HIM ~ 

Df'clln~tions 

10'"'llt.ll 
4 ;. .... It· lC ctn Amflrl( 'II" 

3 I,om"n / 22 m!'n 
1 Ort!'ntal 

2 nonwhItE' 
1 Mf"" an I\mf'liran 

7 wompn 123 nl('n 
5 mlnmlllp, 

On Onober B, 1972, Dr P ')altman. \'ICf' (h.rn( (·lIc r 
dll( lo,>C'd th(' appointment 01 Be\prl('(' Bpi , 01' (c)Ord",.lIor c,1 
Affirmative Action on Ihf' LCD campll' 

Libertarians Sue 
The libertartan Party announn·d 1.111 wpek rhal II " ("(,n-

siderin!; filin~ IUlt agam't the counll derk .. In C.1llfornl,l 
countie . The lUll would chargf' thp cI!'rkl wlrh rplusal to 
allow Citizen to reglStPr "LIBERT ARI A,"" . 

Llbprtartan Party chairman Ian (oon said that thf' parttp 
law Itaff ,\ preparing papers 10 serve on the counlV rlNkl of 
Placer and Buttt' Count'!'I. "We startrd gPlting compla,"" 
about ten daVI aflo that thf' county clerks I,ere allempting to 
pr(,lerve th!' democratic part~ ~s thE' dominant ,).111\ in th(,lr 
counties. We've writtf'n Secretarv of tate fdmuno G Bm\\ n 
Jr bul to date he hd'> I~nored our requC"1 lor help" Conr 
added that uniesl the (ountv clrrkl 01110\\ thp L,bertartan, Ie 

re~i.,ter, the party Will a,k tht, ACl LJ for .11<1 ran(P In thpir 'lilt 
against the two coun1lf" .md ~n, olhNI Iha dpnl Calt or 
nians thl' rt~hl to rrgls"'r to lor£' 

Thf' Libertarian Pam 1\ runntn~ Wrtt(,-In (.mdidaIP,. DI 
lohn Hosflers for Prf'<ldpnt dnd Toni" \'.llhJn as \ '(1'-
Prf'lIdent Thp Partl VJ' Inrmpri la-r '\olPmhpr dnd (,,,"I II' 
)~:.:.~.~.~.~~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:':.:.;.:.:.;.:-:':.:,:.;.:.:.:,:.;.:-;.:-:.:.;.:-:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;,:.:.:.:.:.:-:-:.:.":. '.':: 
.'. COU ELI GAD P YCHOlOGICM FR\ ICE IS off ring a NIC" 01 ::: 
::: topIc-Oriented groups meeling for t\\O hour" per Vl.eek lor four to tiH' ::: 
::: weeks, beginning the week of October 16. If one or more, of he e trike, :~: 
iii your fancy, call u at 453-2000, eXlension 2715, for more information aboul m 
::: time and place. If none of th e are your particular bag, call u, with \-our ::: 
::: sugge ti ons. PACE I LIMITED. ::: 
::: I On Bein g Partner : Is ue and Redellnlttons -::: 
~~~ Thi group i open to cou pies, married or not. who hay a ('ommltment to ~:~ 
',' each other and want to explore the nalure of that ('Qmmitment, the mutual ::: i:~ expectations involved, and is ue of cia enes and indio.idualiIY, including ) 
::: uch alt~rnatives as "open marriage." We will help you work toward a·:· 
,'. definition of the relation hip that be~t meN" thE' need of both partner~. ::: :~: II Human exuality ~~~ ~l~ This group will offer participant, thc opportuntty to (om to a dcepC'r ~:: 
'.' understanding of their own feeling, beflil(,f '. and

d 
\alu ~ abdout hdu.man =[: :.:. 

:.: sexuality. There will be pre nlattOn, i m ,an 5ugge<;te rca rng' , 
::: Discu ions will indude the area" of so('ial, per,onal, phyical pw('ho- ~:~ J logical, and emotional a p ct'i of 'of' ual funC'tioning ::: 
. III Goal ctlin? ::: 

i.\\. The basil~ hPurhPo e 0
1 

.thid g~ouPdl<;fto dhe\clo p the ahrllt'> tOd'tE'tt gOltal " and ::.; 
':' accomp IS t em. t t<; eSlgne or t o~e ('\pt'rlen('tng t tCU \ ('on- :.: t centrating on tudic , ubmitting papt'r on !tme, or ju~t gem'ral" h,l\ing ::: 
:.: trouble " getting thing" done II :.: 
::: IV Dating ::: 
::: Would you like to improve your hetC'ro-sexu.ll relation hip .... group of ::: 
::: fiv men and five women will work together to dcvelop comer ation ,kill" ::: 
::: ~;I~~~n~~iPS~ ne , and gain furthC'r undC?r tanding of male-female l\l 
;:: .:. 



triton tilDes 
University of C~liforniil, ~n Dieso 

Lil JOllil, C~liforniil 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext.1017, 453-8722 

C.m ( Shilrick, Editor-in-Chief Michul GrHne, Business Manilger 
The editor iii Is u pre sed below ilre ilpproved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial BOilrd. All other 
opinions expressed on thi pilge are those 01 the iluthors whose nilmes ilppeilr in the bylines, ilnd 
do n·) t necessilrily reflect the views 01 the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submil materi.llo be 
publ'shed in this section should send it 10 Ihe Editorial Director, TRITON IMtS, 117 Blilke HillI, 
Re.elle Campus, UCSD. 

Hitchhiking: Part II 
The an Diego Police Department has 

provided the TRITON TIMES with the 
following stati ti cs on hitchhiking. 

These are the number of crimes com-
mitted on per:,ons hitchh iking in the 
.1r£',1 covered by the orth Division of 
th£' an D iego Police Department. This 
Jr£'J includes UCSD . 
ADULT: July1, 7 1-July1,'72 
Males: 468 

Frmale~: 231 
Of all the e: 55 resided within San 

Di£'go County, 21 lived within the state, 
and 6 wer!' foreigners. 
I VE ILE : January 1 - Augu t 30, 1972, 
274 men and women. 

Of all the e only onC' lived within an 
[J1('go Cou nty. 

The crimes committed include: 
murder, rape, kidnapping, armed 
robbery, ind cent exposure, sex perver-
~ion, and various forms of a sault. 

The statistics indicate that those l iving 
wit hin an Diego Coun ty se ldom report 
crim com mitted agai nst them while 
hitchhiki ng . 

IT HAS BEEN ESTIMATED THAT ALL 
OF THE ABOVE CRIMES REPRESENT 
LE THA 25 PER CENT OF THE TOTAL 

UMBE R OF ACTUAL CRIMES 
OMMITTED. 
The TRITON TIMES wants you to 

realize what th e chances of crim inal 
,maul t arc if you hitchhike. We also 
r('.llizc that through a community effort 
we' can curtail th ese attacks. Do not 

h('~itate to report any assaults against 
\OU, or any incidents you witness to the 
'>an DI go PoliCf' Department. It we all 
work togeth r on this problem, it can be 
C'rradicale'd. 

We urge the administration to make 
the ree tablishment of the Coast Cruiser 
d priority item to give the University 
community In alternative to hitchhiking. 

t riton times 
Editor-in-Chief 
Managing Editor 
Business Manager 
Sports Editor 
Photography Editor 
Assoc. City Editors 

CalT)Y harick 
David Buchbinder 

Michael Greene 
Michael Rath 

Joe Eastern 
Tommy Calimee 

Rick Drom 
Michael Sesma 

N."",,, ~p.lrCmenl "'.,hr HnpJ..,r, 

City Editor 
Copy Edilor 
Edilorial Director 
Arts Editor 
Secretary 
Asst. Sports Editor 
Asst. Business Mgr. 

H.lnnd Cohpn 
jonl Ca' .... ood 
l.fh Ord,pl 
Lilli" H("lkolf 
(n.lrllP Hplmlf"r 

Grf'~H,C"" 'i 

Gr~J( l\I1o\f"r Spor'~ ~p.rtmtnt Ar1s Oep.,tment 
Copy Re~dtn OOUJ' <. hft .. h"f' C h,nlf>\ H)dfO 

kdr~nGlld P4lul RoudE'bU'ih (h.-rlt', l nl(,,!f"(\ 
Df'bb,~ MunIR0fl"lf"V ( hpf',d fl 1011 Production 
ArI~~ Phololr.phcrs J,m C .... rlrv 
Cork.,. '" (.IU'i John '''101x .... pll C h,ultP H.lmlp, 

Carrie R ick ... y 
Chuck Graham 

Mark Siegel 
Tom Lindberg 
Corinne Cacas 

Mark Liska 

CmdyMd)er 
Busineu Dept. 
Cheryl f ilion 
Jonl CarlNood 
Sus.ln Helm 
Mlch.a,,1 W yrr 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized as a student newspaper by the Com-
munications Bo~rd 01 the Uni.ersi ty of California, San Oi('go, Building 250, Matthews 
Campus, La Jolla, California 92037. Publication is twice weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. 
Offices are located in room 117, Blake Hall, on the Revelle Campus. For advertising 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news phone )( 1016. 

FEIFFER 

-me K6S I ~8UiJ(7l( 1'7 NJ 
ADVISOR TO FReSIDWTS I~ 
-mE' FI6W7 OF FOR£I6IV r:bLlCY'. 

wHO, f3A0;€D C+J ItJT61-~IG£lJCC 
R£R:)QTS NJO lt€'ARS OF 
eXpeRTISE." ... 

fA.X L £, BE A IlVlS£O Of HIS CP-
ltaJS BY -rOC KlS5/1Jf3VI..'Ol/ 

Triton Times Page 4 October 10,1972 

Someone Is Being Fooled 
Edwin Moore 

UCSD Students For McGovern 

John Schmitz said, "When you find Barry Goldwater and 
Jacob Javitz both vigorously supporting the same man for 
Presiden t, you know someone is being foo led." Despite his 
su rrogate spoke men's claims, Richard Nixon is not ru nning 
on his record, but rather is using fear tactics and a 40 million 
dollar budget to reach his goal. We suggest all Americans 
closely examine the record and the issues. Once the people 
perceive the truth, George McGovern will undoubtedly be 
their choice for the next President. 

Nixon claims to have the interests of the people at heart. 
This is the same man who vetoed child care and education 
bills. He reluctantly signed into law decent Social Security 
payments for the elderly, the 1B year old vote, and voting 
rights plans, after working for their defeat. He hates to spend 
money this way but thinks noth ing of asking for new ABM 
si tes, more arms, more depreciation allowances for 
businesses. He controls the paychecks of the workers , but 
allows profits of corporations to reach an all time high. 

Though we wish it would not be true, the war still drags on. 
True, troops are out of Vietnam, but nevertheless the bom-
bing cont inues while our men sta y in Thailand, Guam, and off 
the coast of Southeast Asia. If America ns are satisfied because 
only Asians are dying now, they shou ld hang their heads in 

~ hame and be relUdant to call themselves human beings. 
Besides the moral issue, there is a more pragmatic one. How 
does Richard Nixon think we will get our POWs back? More 
bombing raids will only increase the chances of making more 
prisoners. In what war have the prisoners been returned 
before the end of the fighting? Would we have returned 
captured Japanese pilots who bombed Pearl Harbor before 
World War II was over? Of course not. So why eKpect other 
nations to do it? The prisoners will be back (lnly when our 
part icipation is ended. That is why so many relatives of POWs 
are working for George McGovern . 

George McGovern will make prudent cuts in the wasteful 
bureaucratic Defense Department. A change from an BO 
billion dollar budget to a 50 billion dollar one is not really a 

Where Is 
Willie Moore? 

We, as concerned students, 
feel compelled to reflect on 
the changes which have swept 
our ca mpus while our backs 
were turned. While we slept 
during the summer, our ad-
ministrators were busy up-
root ing the EOP seeds that 
were firmly planted by the 
originator of the program, 

William H. Moore. 
After ten years of blood, 

sweat, and tears, EOP became 
a reality. However, this reality 
was the consolidated efforts of 
one individual, who stayed out 
of the limelight, but now must 
be recognizedl He not only 
worked for a community spirit, 
but was also sensitive to the 
individual needs of all students 
He was EOP: 

Now there is a new EOP 
director, Dr. Brandes, who is 
struggling with the basic con-

IBM J60 Dolo General computers, pqJ>V tape r.ad.,.., bme-.bonng, ad-
drrumg &- malunq, prolN$lanaJ bIlling, .latubcvi onoJysi.L 

PacJcaged programJ lrom @1ementory ~tatutJC2 to pnDCIpol componen, factor 
anogJu -,tllh vonmax rotation 
lor' pr::;l!t~o~lao~~u~~ .e1I-octuofI8alJon by prompt dolo anoly$U and preparabon 

1rutant ~e""ce, com putel time and programming personnel by the week, hour, 
day, or month 

Weebnd.s, hobdaY'S, .IIrmnOl by appoIntment 
Local pick up and cJelJtferr, by mall or Te/e'rpe·, 

LconomlcaJ, accurate, last $erv'r:e on . moJ/ Dr medIum .ued IIatullcol 01 
compullng lobit 
Telephontl (213) 981 · 1529 Teletype· telephone Dumber (213) 98l ·1529 

Graduating this Y8ar? 
Fulfill your military obligation 
in a meaningful way as a 

Coasl Duard onl 
Interviews on campus 
9:00 A. M. to 2 :00 P.M. 

13 October 1972 
Contact Placement Office to schedule interview. 
Or mail coupon below for information. 
r---------~-j----------., 5 d I . 1.0mmanCler p.:p I en o. Eleventh oast Guard District , 
• 

19 Pine Avenuer Heartwell Bldg. I Lon2 Beach Ca ifornia 90802 I Please tell me'l'low I can fUlfIll my military obligatIon as a I I Coasl Guard Officer. I 
I Name I Addre .. _________________ _ 
I City St.te Ip " I College _______________ --;-_ L ___________________ ~ __ ~ 

dedudion in national 
more than adequate system 

Under the present dU lnln,,_ ,np has risen . Although 
Nixon boasts the in recent years, it 
is unacceptable and 0 are its victims. 
To say the cri me picture a slower rate of 
growth is like saying a car i because its 
spee<l changed from 50 mph . It is Senator 
McGovern who real izes the root problems 
that cause crime in order poverty, drug 
addidion, unemployment, ion end, then we 
will see the drop in crime. 

Take a look at the Nixon Ihe economy. Taking 
into account inflation, the dropped from the 
Democratic years. Not s we had balance 
of trade deficits that Nixon The national debt is 
at an all time high and the asked the ceiling to 
be raised even more. I stopped . Take a 
look at prices thai affect VOulh elre in 1968 and now. 
College tuition, postage, risen substan -
tially. And all th is time, ue to enjoy the 
loopholes while the poor pay more taxes 
than is reasonable. 

Ignore if you wish all of but no one can deny 
the credibil ity gap of the ration. I am utterly 
amazed at the chutzpa of '' 'aln'p" for the President 
in declaring that Nixon is rn is not. Do 
theyreally think weAmeri : the In scandal, the 
dairy lobby deals, Ha rold Fla nagan, Jimmy 
Hoffa, the Watergate with justice in San 
Diego, the Russian w refusal to debate, 
Bangladesh, the refusal to of GOP campaign 
funds, and the farce k convention, devoid of 
dissent? To be sure. has changed a few 
details in his positions, philosophy has never 
changed. That is, the the economy exist for 
the good of the peo 

cepts of t he progra n dismissed him, 
tablished years ago. He consulting students 
formal education in outside community. 
but is lacking the students and 
the EOP program. W ith yare confronted 
status as an administrator, new face, but an old 
must answer to the hi the administration. We, 
before he responds to ed students invite in 
needs of the students. for moral integrity 

The founding father of campus, but fear that 
worked diligently to establishl ions of this nature will 
a program of equal the ethics which 
tation for all. Then, stands for i 
he i g h t 0 f hi s Concerned Students 
com lis h ments th e ofUSD 

Every-
thing 

ElectrophoniciGarrard 
po music center give 
built-in-8 TRACK st ren 
player, full sile delu xe r" .• r;:o:: 'Y 
rard record pia 
AM/ FM/ FM Multiplex 

For 
$159.95 

454-0185 

A Broad View? 
Well, females o f UCSD, it's 

finally been put into print. The 
sly, sarcastic com ments I've 
been hearing for four years 
about " Revelle dogs" is now 
on the record. " Rocky" has 
finally mustered up the 
audacity to voice the 
chauvinistic, childish cry of 
NO W OMEN AT UCSD UNTIL 
NOW - HALLElUJAH I - a 
complaint with which the old 
boys at Revelle are sadly 
familiar . My apologies for the 
eqUivalent level of nonsense, 
but Rocky's article has also 
provided an opportunity for a 
first - a defense of the 
" broads" at UCSD. 

I speak for the few of us who 
came to UCSD and were also 
sadly disappointed with the 
lack of men. Oh, admittedly 
there was a qu ite favorable 
rat io - 5:1 - of panting, 
drooling boys to each of us, 
but I wonder if it ever oc-
curred to any of that mi s-
erable, oversexed crew that 
we came here expeding, for 
the first time for many of us, to 
be appreciated not as a set of 
masks or dolls, but as complex, 
warm, and worthwhile individ-
uals. We have been comfor-
table here as we never were in 
high school - it is easy to 
approach each other as in-
tellectual equals in the lecture 
hall or classroom. But each of 
us has been waiting a lon g, 
lonely time to be accepted as 
social equals - a concept 
completely ignored when we 
are viewed for our " bodies" or 
our "looks" or our lack of 
them. 

Offer us the "frosh 
challenge," Rocky, for all the 
good that it will do. Because, 
you see, it doesn' t matter. We 
are what we are because we 
like ourselves that way. And 
when your buddies are 
finished licking you r lips over 
the current campus cuties, 
we'll still be waiting for some 
men with something more to 
offer than a whistle . 

Barbara Randall 
Revelle Senior 

USE .. . 
Your academic and staff 
employees Cred it Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car. 
t ruck. camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our " Automa ' 
t lon" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book proces, 
dealer discounts and 
market values of new 
'a nd used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shOPPing easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

University & Stat e Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
!;191 College Ave. 286·4210 

LHTTERS ". THE HIIITtlit 
Bull 
Dcar Rocky; 

Well, you blew it this time -
that article you wrote, " A 
Broad View" or whatever you 
called it; no way you're going 
to get away with that sort of 
bull these days. I mean , it's sort 
of like running down the 
street in Watt s hollering 
" nigger l" real loud , pretty 
dangerous way to spend the 
evening. Let 's face it , we 've all 
got our prejudices, I'm sexist 
enough to enjoy smiling at 
beautiful women especiall y 
when they smile back but 
you've got to be cool about it, 
maybe all that women are to 
you is sex objects but don't 
just come out and say so. 
An yway maybe if you act like 
you con't believe it you'll stop 
believing it after a while and 
then everybody will be hap-
pier. 

Don't get me wrong, I don 't 
th ink you're an M CP or 
anything. I'm sure some of 
your best friend s are women. I 
just think you shouldn't come 
on quite so strong or else 
maybe you'll get stoned, with 
rocks I mean. Girls are up tight 
now about women's freedom 
and all that, and they sure as 
hell have a right to be. So 
maybe us apprentice sexist~ 
ought to make it easier on 
them by keeping our mouths 
shut and our eyes to ourselves 
sometimes, you know? Good 
to hear from you - maybe I'll 
see you around. 

Mall Hinton 

Repulsive 
Edi tor: 

I st rongly object to the sexist 
article wh ich appeared in the 
TRITON TIMES a short time 
ago. I find the chauvinist at-
titude of the author repulsing 
and I am greatly disappointed 
in the TRITON TIMES for even 
printing it. I ' m sure the 
TRITON TIMES would not 
pr int an article stating that 
Blacks should be treated as if 
they were only half human, 
why then should you print an 
arti cle which states that 
women are nothing more than 
sex objects to be stared at. I 
hope the women of this cam-
pus are aware that while all 
men need to work on their 
chauvinist attitudes, not all 
men are so blatently sexist. 

Mark Stevens 

Frustrated? 
Editor: 

Rocky, ab ' It your social 
life : have you ever thought of 
relating to women on any 
other level than sexua l? It 
could be that your problem 
with women is your sexist at-
titude. Personally I don't go in 
for the " fall fashion look". I'm 
not here to "ca tch a man ." If 
you are so inept at sati sfying 
your own needs and 
frustrations, don 't blame me 
for not dressing in such a way 
that will stimulate all those 
libidinal feelings, and force 
you into a stereotyped 
machismo response. I have 
b tter things to do than to 
parade around the campus 
getting wolf calls all day. 

If you are so frustrated that 
you can't talk to a woman on 
an intellectual level, wit hout 
trying to see through her not-
revealing-enough-clothes, 
you're missing out on dialogue 
with about half the students 
on this campus. 

A Broad 
Rebuttal 
Editor: 

Thank You, 
Robin Anderson 

May we four femmes fatalE'S 
of Revelle College point out to 
Rocky that his " Broad View", 
Tuesday, October 3, 1972, is 
lacking in two areas -
specifically: 1) It is a narrow 
view obviously based on little 
or no visual, audio, or tactile 
experience. 2) He is a sexist 
pig, which is obvious from the 
title he chose for his arllcle. 

May we, as fourth year 
members in good standing 
relate to him that there were, 
are, and always will be females 
on this campus. Apparently , 
his scientific learning has not 
been well applied within the 
proper area known as the 
structure and function of 
females, nor in the structure 
and function of his own five 
senses. 

He seems not quite aware of 
those who are around him We 
think this is well proven in his 
display of considerable. 
knowledge of the main 
energizers in biological 
systems which is indicative of 
time poorly spent studying. He 
is thus missing the more rele-
va nt sights of The Biological 
Systems. Had he at least used 
his visual perception, he might 
have been aware that not all 
UCSD girls continually hide 

Everybody. 
knows Bill Smith 

but not everybody 
know that h ' 
left German Car 

ervice and opened 
his own shop 

ill Solana Beach 

Bill services only 
Volkswagens 

& 
Porsches 

If you haven't met Bill y t, go on over 
to hi hop. It' next to th 

Bank of Am rica 

7:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
343 S. Hwy. 101, Solana Bedch 

755-3323 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

themselves in work shirts and 
patched jeans. Rather, we find 
such attire more commonly 
worn among the male of the 
species. Too, he must open his 
mind a little and realize that 
for the last four yea rs women 
have existed at UCSD in many 
ways, sha pes, and forms, and it 
is up to him to seek, und rs-
tand and appreciate the many 
" dresses" of womankind . 

Absurd 
To Rocky : 

Sherry 
Sandy 
Chris 

Evelyn 

I find it difficult, If not 
ridiculous and absurd, 10 take 
you seriously - and I doubt 
Ihat I am unique in regarding 
your sexist self as anything 
more than a bad joke. It's no 
wonder you have spent flvr 
years wandering around UCSD 
feeling "a general lack of what 
you would call women". But, 
however pathetiC your situa-
tion, If you are happy with d 
pair of legs and a bared back 
attached to an empty head, 
then please, as expediently a~ 
pOSSible; oogle, EH, and AH 
your way to the privacy of your 
own bathroom with thC' rE'St of 
your kind and leave the rest of 
us In peace 
With the Greatest of All 
Sincerity, 

Robin Bates 

The Broad (?) 
View 
Dear Rocky-

I've only bepn at UC 0 four 
years now, but even In that 
amount of time you sound dS 
though you have recell,ed less 
than your share of the exme-
men!. True UCSD is an 
ACADEMIC SCHOOL when It 
comes to reputations, but not 
everyone on campus has kept 
hiS thoughts on his GPA. I have 
taken part in , as well as 
overheard many inane. hlghlv 
nonintellectual conversations 
between the opposIte sexes, 
and they have obviously been 
enjoying that oppOSition right 
along. When we were new-
comers the males on Muir and 
Revelle were quite hospI-
table, and we heard some of 
the same remarks th n that 
you hear now. 

One reason you may have 
missed the ravishing frosh girls 
in the past years (and I'm not 
denying that they aren't this 
ear as well) could b that the 

ratio used to be close to two 
males per female, so those 

who hesitated at all were I ft 
out. This year the ratio is close 
to 1:1 so it's ha rder to miss. 

Something that may have 
also cha nged ~'our perspective 
is your new status as T.A. Frosh 
girls are always going to react 
favorable to a TA who looks 
as good as you do Rocky, you 
may not fully appreciall' us 
now, but we held our own as 
f rosh gi rls . 

Affectionately, 
Maggie Wing 

UCSD Women 
Note Dr. Saltman 's 
Apology 
Editor: 

t C'>D Wom"n dulv nnlr' 
\0 1(" ChancC'lInr Paul ditm.Jn\ 

.!polo~y 10 Ihp IM)mf'n of Ih,· 
d( Jrif'mic commurlll~ lur hl\ 

rpm,lrk~ 01 April 27, in Ihl' 
<;"1'1. 2S rdllion 01 Ih(' :-.;ORTH 

TAR (TT, Oc! 6) Desplt!' th.· 
I,lct th,II It \~d~ ofirred onlv 
,lilf'r th!' puhllC,itlOn of th .. ,,· 
rpmoHk\. hl~ dpologv i~ tn,,,1 
r ('r din" arf!'pl( d, Jnd V. I- Mr-
prf>p.H .. d to I{'t bl gonps IJI' 
b) gom·'. 

ViiI' wprr' dl tna I·d 
ho\\p\pr, Ih,11 Dr '>JlrrYdn 
r ho~f' to ,1' .. ( nb!' 0" P( , 01 al 
dltlprpncc " what hC' 
p"r<I'l\pd d' h.-"I.lCk 0 (or-
IIdllt\ Jnel und!'r 1.11 dlr'g' 

hpl"('!'n hllYl .lnrl "nm( 01 
thC' \\()mf'rl <orr!'rtll'd \\ltl 
dtllrnltltl\P tlC1lon" 

~\(' wl~h to ,j 'IH!' hnn 11,,>,1 
PrTlph""Collh Ih,lt Ihl~ I not \0 
.lnd Ih'll (.,,"ng Ih" ,"u,llIon 
III 'II( h ,I Irdl1'f'\\ (H~ d()('s U' 
.111 J dl"~{'f\ Ill'. 

Our onl\ .Inc! continUing 
(UnCl'rn hds .11\\a\~ 1)('1''' 
r,,'ult- \\ hat might ha\ C' 
appeared as a lack 01 cordial tl 
10\l\'drd Dr allmJn wa, 
bC'cause our beq E'fforts at th.!t 
lime hdd ladC'd 0 un(O\pr 
,lny. To claim thai wE' ju~t don't 
likf' him, pC'r\ondllv, Co1n onh 
,('r\ p to dl'('r('(llt our obj!'c-
tlon' ,lnd to kC'Pp Dr Sallman 
Irom ,eelng thE' .,i uallon 
r(,.1I"tlcall\ . 

\'\C' v.erC' grauIIE'd to no\(' 
Dr altman\ hop!' that \IE' can 
\\or~ togC'ther to Jccompli'h 
thl' go,ll, of afllrm.Hi\p action 
To thl\ end, \\ e are prC'pared 
to oller him all Ihp hplr \H' 
C.1n mustpr \\ e In rplUrn, 
hopl:' Ihat th l~ me.ln, Dr .• alt-
man" rreparpd 10 J(CPPI It. II 

Ihi~ 1\ \0 Dr .Jltm,ln \\111 find 
hi rl'I<lIIOn,hlp \\lth the'p 
woml:'n dramatlc,llh Im-
rrmed. 

Allana EIO\o'son, for 
UCSD Women 

News on Health Insurance 
The Conlin ental Casualty Company (CNA) 

announces that enrollment IS now open for a 
limited time in Its Sickness and aCCident In-
surance proteCllon program for dependents of 
UCSD students dUring 1972 73 

Tnls specially deSigned policy prOVides at low 
cost substanllal Insurance benefi ts to be applied 
toward the expense of Injuries and serIous 
Iii ness that could arise among your dependE'nts 
dUring the academiC year Hospitalization sur-
gery laboratory tests . and x-rays are covered 

Although benefits have been extended thiS 
year to Include a MATERNITY BENEFIT for 
wives of students when conception occurs alter 
the policy IS In effect. there will be 

no increase In premium over last year. 
(Women students ma~ also obtain the mater 

nlty benefit If their husbands are insured in the 
program. or if a married couple are both UCSD 
students: the maternllY insurance may be 
purchased alone.) 

Details and applications are available from 
the CNA insurance represpntatlve at the Student 
Health Center. 302 Matthews campus 

But HurrY- IEnroliment 
Ends Octobt~r 20, 1972 

Triton Ttnll'~ P.lg<' 5 O('\ob r 10, 1972 



Forest Lawn and Portnoy Bear a Son 

TWO DEMENTIONALITY 
Tom Lindberg 

Step Into a space six Inches 
wide by seven feet long and 
Ime yourself in its enormity. 
That is the challenge Jef 
Ralkin IS presenting with his 
latelt exhibit, which opened 
yes terda y in the UC D art 

~allery on the Revelle campus. 
Using his innovative space 
amplifiers, Raskin will make a 
Itny space large enough for a 
crowd 01 people to feel alone 
In a happily disorienting and 
eastly acceSSible maze 
honoring the familiar confu -
sion of a nother back to school 
autumn. 

Pursuing a notion of amuse-
ment three years ago, Rds:-in 
began experimenting with 
mazE'S as sculpture and as a 
lourcl' of uncomplicated fun . 
Hp const ructed 50,000 quare 
teel of hard wall mazes for .J 
Iholll In the art gallery Two 
vea" a~o and has since 
designeci the multi-level initia -
tIOn male currently bein 

featured tn the Anomaly Fac-
tory's " Amazing Amalgamated 
Amorphous." His newesl crea-
tion even further expounds 
upon the delights 01 disorien-
tation by improvising on thl' 
basic structure of wrong turns 
with spacial distortions that 
expand and contract as the 
daring participants attempt to 
solve their puzzle. The prin-
cipal goal is not the satisfaction 
of reaching the exit but th 
pleasure of the demented 
dimenSIOns Inside. 

" Disorienting people 
doesn't take long," Raskin 
says. " Confusion is easy 
enough. P('ople walk around 
confused all the time. What I 
want is to make art accessible 
to everybody and that means 
appealing to a wide range of 

ta~tes in fun . For the art Crttir, 
my maTe can represent a piece 
of sc-ulpture with strong formal 
properties. For a child it will 
offer a Slructure lor 

tion and discovery. It 's great 
for hide and seek. And tastes 
chan~e as mediums cha nge:' 

Jef Raskin is an associate 
prolessor of visua l arts at 
UCSD, but hp divides his time 
between that department and 
the Department of Com-
munications. He teaches a 
photography cou rse, heads 
the vi ual arts computer 
system, which incidentally has 
nothing to do with his present 
show, and even helps teach a 
class in the art 01 bicycling for 
the PE Department. Enjoy his 
gentle notions of disorien ta-
tion complete with mu ltiple 
forms and layers of color, play 
of light and dark, translucen-
cies, and amplified space - all 
for fun and all happening in 
the UC D Art Gallery. Th!' 
show runs through Oct. 15. 
Hours arp daily , 12-5 , and 
Wednesday evening from 6-10 
p.m. 

Brandon Wander 
From the screen, tau hing 

on comedy, trampling love 
stor y, and into th e pit 
pro cee d s " Portn oy's 
Complaint." Richard Benjamin 
and Karen Black conduct our 
passage as Alex Portnoy and 
h is girlfriend, " The Monkey." 
Karen , by being co n sistent 
within her dumb nymph o 
character, tried to give the 
flick some credibility. But then 
t here was Ernest Lehman . He 
wrote it, directed it, produced 
i t, and buried it deep in his 
cine bowels. A one-man un-
dertaking s rvice. This is not at 
all like him. 

Ernie's alter-ego must be a 
hybrid of Boris Karloff or Vin-
cent Price. A pall hangs over 
the movie. With a grey, drawn 
lace, Ernie tries to mesmerize 
the audience while clu bbing 
them over the head. With a 
torrent of middle and close 
shots he makes me feel like 
I'm in a coffin trying to laugh. 
He blindfolds my eyes but 
forgets earplugs. The dirt y 
one-liners keep flying. For 20 
minutes it's bearable and 
perversely amusing. But the 
humor fades. 

Throughout the film, Ernie is 
obsessed with skin and sex and 
screwing . I mean Ernie, and 
not Portnoy. Portnoy gets what 
he wants. Ernie is afraid to get 
h is . We never get to see 
anything. Ernie must not let us 
see, or else we get a dirty flick . 
HIS attempt to legitimize the 
an ti -ski nll ick ("artistic") 
nature of the film is undercut 
by his dark, guilt-ridden style. 
Harping on sex and keeping it 
suspended on a bath room wall 
is what's really sick. And " Port-
noy's" is a super-scribed bath-
room wall . The camera with 
blinders moves little . It 
switches from a shoulders 
Iront shot to a shou lders side 
shot. Some ~hange . Still no 
breasts. This Irigidity and flat-
ness is like a straight-Jdckeled 
mdtron with a locked ankle-
length dress. 

Being shackled in a visual 
dungeon, even a moment 's 
release is histori c. When the 
story moves into Vermont, the 
shock 01 open countryside 
yanks me fa r into the screen. 
The respite can be likened to 
falling into a bottomless pit. 
Pummeled by the penned-in 
apartment style, this viewer 
was about to throw in the 
towel. But this rest between 
round s is short as quick- footed 
M ercu ry Lehman whisks us 
away with twistl'd sen timen-
talit y. The movie changes beat. 
Lehman, with Michel Legrand 
at the stri ngs, tr ies to cor-
kscrew a dirty joke into a 
lovie-Iovie-Iove story. He gets 
maple syrup all over his pants. 

A seedy old man, he follows 
a cliched path of clothing 
around the Vermont hotel 
room to the tune of moans. 
The moans seem dubbed by 
another seedy old man. In a 
cow pasture he interjects a 
million strt, s. The freeze-shot 
gimmick is cheap and arouses 
no empathy for the characters. 

By films' end I'm disturbing-
ly aware of Ri chard Benjamin 's 
freck les. The close-up barrage 
ha s given rise to a king-
konged thing : Frecklestein . 
I'm captivated by his freckles. 
I've found something that in-
terests me. How does a Jewish 
bo y get them? Are they 
pasties? The spots transform 
Portnoy, and further medita-
tion brings forth the image of 
Frecklestein with a mug like 
Mighty Mouse. 

NOTICE 
Jobs Are Available ... ! 
For FREE infonnation 
on student assistance and 
placement program send 
sel f-addressed STAMPED 
envelope to the National 
Placement Registry , 1001 
East Idaho St. , Kalispell , 
MT 59901 

- 0 GIMMICKS -

Herr lehman operate on 
each scene, usually leaving 
Freckles on "The Monkey" 
alone . And when th ey ' re 
together it's invariably at right 
angles. They never look or talk 
to each other. And on e 
shouldn ' t be foo led into 
thinking the characters talk to 
us, or even into the camera 
They talk to l ehman . And 
Lehman ca n't stop looking 
back. He pull s the camera 
farth er and farther in. He sep, 
a reflection . The characters 
speak for his egotistical ben(-fll 
and bug the hell out of m!' 

The ending is a ri p-off. 
scratching and pleading lor 
the audience to allow the fi lm 
to jump aboard the individual-
versus-repressive society sym-
pathy syndrome. "Up society's 
ass, copper!" Up yours, AI (" 
Portnoy. Society has seemed 
to do little harm to our antt-
hero. He's the one with the 
larger problem, repulsive In 
his fla yi ng gymnastics, and 
ends by vampirizing the throat 
of lehman's tenuous silly soul-
search. 

Violence ~nd terror lurk in the 
h.llw.ys of St. Ch. rI ... Boys 
School. Gripping drom. inler· 
spersed w ith wry humor. 

N , recc",mended for ch.ldre ... 

1"'0" .. ,10<>1' •••• , •• , ...... .I'" }}'1" a"., "OOft 
,. 0 .0. }I" "' a n D,pgo (alo'O''''. '1112 
f,n' W.d T~ ... , !>un •••• 1300 & '2 SO 
f II 5.1 •• e. iJ ~ & 13 00 
S,," mal on.. 12 SO .. 12 00 
St",d.nt .nh&led m,1 (tI,.pl 5.1 l S2 00 

olt! globe theatre 
\"('1\1<1 pr1rl l1il jpqo 

THE DAMES 
PEOPLE PLAY 

At Dow Sound ity, we 're amazed by the games ~ome 
people in our business play. Little gamc~ that dri ve the 
consumers nuts and that are really unnecessary when 
you carry only top flight components. At Dow Sound 

it)', you're welcome as you are ... and you can buy 
what you want without all the high pressure you are 
subjected to in other operations. The Sound Freaks at 

Dow Sound ity have a tradition to follow . .. helping 
Southern Californiur1s muke the right decision ba~ed 
on their audio needs. And i t is my job, a Director of 
M arketing, to nluke sure that we don't deviate from 
th is position in any way. If we do, 1 want to know 
about it immediutely. 

. I 

(1329 95 Th is great compact gives you a famous Sony HP-510 
.p , FM/ AM Stereo Receiver With 15 Walts RMS power per 

channel and all the deSign and quality that has made 
Sony famous ... a Duat Automatic Changer complete 
With dust cover and Pickering Cartridge. Plus, a pair of 
'MP. Sony SS510 two-way speaker Systems that have a 
inch and 2 InCIi .jjC~.D " . This beauty Is equipped 
with a tape monitor in-puf and has facilities to handle 
reel-Io·reel, cassettes, or 8 track cartridges ... You can 
even run two additionat speakers and it's readily adapt-
able to four channel when you're ready! 

A quality music system should start wilh a quality FM/ AM 
Stereo Receiver ... and the new Harman/ Kardon 330A is billed 
as " the world 's best selli ng receiver" . .. It featu res 45 Watts , 
RMS, both channels combined, high speaker damping controls, 
special electronic SWitches , a heavy duty power supply that 
maintains fu ll power even under heavy musical stress and yet , 
the receiver runs cool. The 330A has about all the featu res you 
might look for in a receiver. Add a pair of terrific DSC 10 two-
way acoustical suspension speakers that have a sound as rich 
as their hand· rubbed walnut cabinets, the British import Gar-
rard 40B Automatic Changer, complete with base and Pickering 
PAC 1 Cartridge. We consider th is quite a buy when you con-
sider the retail price of the 330A is $199.95. 

lim Berner 

HARMAN/KARDON a I STEREO/QUADRAPHONtC 
a-TRACK CARTRIDGE PLAYER 

This Is one of the finest 8-track cartridge players made. 
II has stereo capabilities and performs 4 channel as soon 
as connected to 4 channel amplifiers or receivers. It has 
indicator lighls for 2 cha nnel and 4 channel modes • 
Instant reject button • Ejects cartridge and turns off 
machine . replay bulton to replay individual Irack • end 
of track eject . end of cart eJect . track select· and the 
kind of performance that has made Harr:1:ln I Kardon a 
famous name in stereo. 

$169.95 

Fashion Valley East Parkway Center 3686 EI Cajon Blvd. vOW c:!Joun I " Sank Terms· Ask about our 5 Year Guarantee and Speaker Trade Back Plan GI\ ~ d e-ty 
San Diego 476 Fletcher Parkway, El Cajon San Diego A 'UbSld,ary 01 MILO lLECTRONICS CORP. 

Phone : (714) 291·5595 Phone : (714) 442·2591 Phone : (714) 283-2325 

Trtton Times Pag£' 6 Octob r 10, 1972 

nn'ouncement They do it in the pool 

There will be an important 
meeting for candidates for the 
UCSD Intercollegiate Basket -
ball team this Thursday, O ct. 
12 in the P.E. Classroom at 7 
p.m. 

This Thursday also finds the 
Women's Volleyball Team 
playing their first game of .the 
season at 5:15 p.m. against 
Marianne High School. 

Those interested i:1 atten-
ding the first meeting of the 
Horseback-Riding Club take 
note, the time has been 
changed from Oct. 11 to Oct. 
13, a Friday . Time for the 
meeting will be 5 p.m. and the 
meeting will take place in the 
PE Classroom.-TUESDAY-

'ACIfIC COAST HWT AT " 0 " 
INCINITAS • 753·3955 

~) , -~ _\.:Y~",~ 
I~-:-"":"/ ...-......~ ~~"""- ---

A game is not a game 
without peopl to play it, so 
for this o ne short art icle we are 
going to place the water polo 
players at UCS D in that 
category so that we might get 
to know those who function 
within the st ru ctu re described 
in the !ast article. 

With quite a bit of the star-
ting team coming back , things 
cou Id get sta rted off on the 
right foot for a change, though 
a brutal schedule has helped 
to offset the team 's un-
mistakable and indelible op-
timism. 

Mark Liska, first on our list, 
is rapidly developing into the 
team's loudest mouth . last 
year's Most Improved Player 
has put muscle on every-
where, espe :ially the vocal 
chords, to compliment the 
game experience he gained 
over the summer by attentive-
ly watching the Olympics. If 
you walk into practice and it's 
quiet, it's either a teafJ1 prayer 
or Liska is absent. 

Two of last year's favorites, 
Rick Picklepuss and Pixie Mike 
Norris are back again looking 
as much like imposters as ever. 
Pickle (42) has yet to get his 
hands back this young season . 
But as he gets to know more 
girls he should get his touch 
back, and as far as being in 
shape - well, he's made two 
morning workouts, doubling 
his output for last year, so he 
could be dangerous. Pix ie (26) 
is the one guy on the team 
who doesn 't worry about get-
ting kicked because his voice 
could never get higher 
anyway . Though still too 

young to know the colloquial 
meanings of the word score, 
he seems to be the only one 
who understands its 
significance in a game situa -
tion, as he put four in against 
Oxy. We know as long as Pi xie 
is smiling, hope st ill exists. 

Perhaps the hair iness of 
John Hoff makes up for Pi xie's 
lack of it. Hoff is what is known 
as a hairy defensive player. He 
not only has it, he pu lis it. He 
hates morning workouts per-
haps worse than anyone, and 
above all else he is famous for 
getting. away with more un-
derwater than even M ike 
Nelson. 

Baby faces brings us back to 
two more veterans who sport 
inhibited beards. Mark Reimer 
(23) and Dave Turnquist have 
been the problem children of 
72. They are the reluctant 
returnees. Not because they're 
holding out for better con-
tracts (quite to the contrary). 
they want less of th ings, es-
pecially swimming. Actually 
the problems rest with the fact 
that they are, and God knows 
how this happened, the 
students of the team . Reimer 
spends time screwing around 
with virgin fruit flies, while 
Turnquist is an artist, and we 
know how tempermental they 
can be. But the fact is they are 
extremely valuable. Mark is a 
lefty and has been nicknamed 
"1 10" because that's the effort 
he always gives, and Turnqu ist 
also once i mmortal ized 
himself last year when he 
cranked up his golden arm 
and put a ball thru the 
"gua ranteed lifetime un-
breakable plexiglass window" 

ili The :trd 
Kanlil Gibran 
Diary for 1973 

BOOK-STORt 
For each week of 1973, a newly 

chosen fragment from The PrnpJll'1 
and his other writings-and space 

for your own thoughts and doings, day 
by day. Red, blue, or ivory bind ing. 

219 pages, $4 .50 
MATIHEWS CAMPUS 

EXTENSION 1360 

. 1. \ f) RI':,I I 1,',\ f UhR.' 

\ \ (. ill ~() ('(1 r!'\ 

Kahlil Gibran's masterpiece 
THE PROPHET 

$4.50. Pocket ed., $4.50 · Deluxe, $10 

Your Biggest Christmas 

Gift Bargain 

Buy Your Copy Today 
While They Last! 

~(h()ol Supplte, . (;dt~ · (;t'( ·( · tltl~ (,ltd , · \ tt "lipp iI!" 
\ it,lmin., . I k ,dth I ood, · .'>olt\\.I"' · " lIndlll" 

Floral ,Inc! :-'p('(i,d Oldl'!' "(,II I( l" 

from half tank . 
Southpaw'S arE' obviously 

hard to guard, simply because 
they 're more unusual. And the 
value of a golden arm IS self-
evident, because no matter 
what you've heard there has 
yet t o be invented a 
"guaran teed liletime un-
breakable goalie." 

St rategy brings us to the old 
Fox . Jimmy Stoner (27) once 
known as Wonder Boy, knows 
the game perhaps better than 
the rest of the team combined . 
In his 9th season (not all at 
UCSD) and being the only 
other Senior besides No. 24 on 
the team, Stoner has become 
famous as the revered Foul 
Faker . Still one of the smallest 
on the team, on any team for 
that matter, Stoner is the only 
player with international ex-
perience, having become in-
volved in many foreign affairs 
over the summer. 

And if you're wondering 
about all those numbers, no, 
we don 't have the oldest team 
on the coast. Those are the 
players ' home numbers -
blue caps. And there are a lot 
more of them this year - close 
to a dozen new faces, f rash 
and )C transfers. As we get into 
the season we'll be learning 
more about them and their 
idiosyncrasies. They are an in-
teresting lot , and certainly 
merit the ir own indepth 
profile. How about coming to 
the pool and picking your 
favorite number, then seeing 
what a winner you've chosen. 

The "people" are now get-
ting into the swing of the 
seaso n , starting with th 
Anteaters from Irvine manana. 

Water Basketba ll? 
The interminable spect re " Rumor" has II that Ihe npw sport 

has been procreated Th'lugh biologists would have scorning-
Iy claimed such a birth to be impossible, water polo and court 
basketball have, nevertheless, merged together and con-
ceived a new idea - coed inner tube water basketball ! The 
game isn' t complica ted - just six team members (three guys 
and th ree girls) trying to " dunk " baskets (from eight feet 
out?), or each other, although the game is not for those who 
w ish to prove that "all that flutters does not float " The 
players' inner tubes should (su pposedly) keep the game afloat 
and kicking, and dunking is definitely a " foul " play 

Water basketba ll is much the same as last season's water 
polo, but the scoring is higher (six points for a girl and three 
for a guy) . One's accuracy is really being tested because the 
basket is a stack of, you'll never guess what. more inner tubes l 
Sign-ups are taking place now so get your team together 
today and bring a list to the Intramural Office. There will be a 
captains' meeting Oct. 11 at 4 p.m. in the P E. classroom. 
Water baske ball offers hilarity and exercise for everyone So, 
as T.S. Eliot would undoubtedly say, " Don't waste land, use 
water" - for fun and profit I 

If you've got an y questions, talk to Lee Johnson at X-2283 or 
at the intramural office. Also, the intramural blab rag, known 
this year as the JOCK STRIP, comes out every Wednesday. See 
the stats, the stories and any other assorted b.s that 's gOIn ' 
on . 

Intramurals 
Intramural coed and men's football are 'Nell under way , but 

we' re not through yet. In fact, for many, the best IS yet to 
come. In addition to "that game with the long name", coed 
innertube water basketball, coed volleyball and men 's three-
on-three basketball get under way thiS week 

Coed volleyball freaks Will be filln ' In to the PE. classroom 
for the captains' meeting Thursda y, Oct 12 at 4 p.m. ome of 
the biggies in volleyball are sure to be there to offer some 
good competition , but II you're a rummv Ii e the rest of us 
don't despair - there's room on the court for both the highly 
skilled and the fumble-fingered Games will be Tuesda~ 
nights and maybe Thursday nighT~, dependin~ on ho\\ rram 
teams participate 

It's Here! 
Vance Packard's First Book in 

Five Years! 

Vance Packard 

A Nation of tranger 
I Illt h '11 \ 

,\ pl'lH.tI.JlII1~ ,111.11 \'1' 111 \meril.l\ tH·" 1,l(ltk" ,," I,'t\ 110\\ 
d,,(" till' II .1~nH·I1t.ltl(lt1 01 hit' .1111'1 t 0111 lI.uhtHlI.1l \ .1011< 
I , .. It .I 1 1111 Pl1lltll.1I .1Itltllcl.·, .lllri Ihl' hll' 01 0111 (llIld" tl 
11.111' \ nlt 111,111' hl'! 01111' mill!' IlltlTl,t·d ,I I (,( 1( II) 
:'-.11(,IIIH)I{If()()]) th.m il1 (,nOI) ,\11 ,1I11()R" 
:-'Iu, t tl'.Idll1~ IpI .1111 \ 111<'111.111 "il" I\.lt.!' til cit',,111 , \\ 'II 
If I {IN- /l 1I( I. ,,,·~.111 .1IIr1 \\ IIl'1! It 1ll.1' III k.l<hnl! I' 

Triton Timp, Pag ';' OnobE'r 10, 1':.1 7 ~ 



Archery classes will be offered 
through the. Re creation 
Department. Anyone in-
terested call Renee or Barbara 
at EXT. 2282. Clas es are free 
and -equipment is available. 

This Tuesday, Od. 10 the 
UC 0 Skydivers Club will get 
together for their first meeting 
at 7 p .m. in 2A 2250. The film 
"Ma ters of the ky" will be 
shown at the meeting. The 
person to contact for any 
further information is cott 
Goodrich at 222-8579. 

Tue day: Movie - " Growing 
Up F male" All member of 
the UCSD community are in-
vited to view the film-
documentary " Growing Up 
Female". It will be shown free 
of charge in U B 2622 at 7:30 
PM. The film is the first event 
in a series of year-long ac-
tivitie being sponsored by 
Women's liberation Front. 

Ever had questio ns about 
Christian cience? Come to 
our meetin on Tuesday, and 
look for answers. Everyone is 
welcome and invited to at-
tend . 7 p.m. in the Blake 
Conference Room. 

The first SK I CLUB meeting of 
the year will be held on Tues., 
Od. 10, Muir campus, Bdlg 2A 
Rm 2402. 6 PM. Discussed will 
be the All CAL NOW KI 
CARNIVAL trip to nowMass, 
Colorado, Christmas break . 
Also discussed will be plans for 
smaller trips before Snow 
Mass. A 20 min . ski movie on 
Aspen will be shown free of 
charge. 

McGovern General Meeting 
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. in 2A 2113. 
Come and watch McGovern's 
Vietnam Policy peech with us 
(7:30 ch8) . Find out about the 
campus campaign, and what 
y ou can do . Get in-
volv d ... Be there! 

Epi copal students lunch -
Tue .11:30 AM . Revelle Snack 
Bar. Info. Ext 1943. 

Aill G CLUB : Come to the 
FIR T MEETING on Tuesday, 
October 10, Time : 7:00 PM, 
Location : 2A2402 (MUIR) 

wednesday 
At 7:30 in Muir apt, tv lounge 
TCF welcomes Christians to 
come di cuss "The Day of the 
Lord." 

M ICHAEL REAL, Assistant 
Professor of Communications 
and co-ordinator of the Com-
munications Program at UCSD 
will discu s " WHAT IS 
COMMUNICATIONS?" at 
Four PM on Wednesday, Oc-
tober 11 in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. As always there will 
be plenty. of coffee and 
cookies. EVERYONE IS 
INVITED 

Ecumenical Student Dinner, 5 
p.m. Wed., Oct. 11, 96595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive (acros the 
street from Urey Hall) . 35c 
donation. All Welcome 

Come join in spontaneous 
movement! Meeting for those 
interested in dance improvisa-
tion being held in 203 MC 
(behind the bookstore) Wed. 
2:00 - 3:00. 

The UCSD Bowling Club is 
now forming. There will be a 
meeting for all those who are 
interested on Wednesday, Oc-
tober 11, at 6 PM in the PE 
classroom. If you cannot at-
tend this meeting, call Tom at 
453-2209, 513 Argo Hall , 
Revelle Campus or see Otis at 
514 Drake, Matthews Campus. 

thursday 
There will be a lecture on 
Transcendental Meditation on 
Thursday, Oct. 12 at 7:30 PM in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Also Students' International 
M ditation Society will hold 
group meditations and 
checking every Wednesday at 
12:00 noon in the Informal 
Lounge. 

SPECIAL MEETING UCSD 
WOMEN DR ROY HARVEY 
PEARCE Acting Dean of 
Graduate tudies discusses 
"Sex Di scriminatio n and 
Graduate Support" 
EVERYONE WELCOME 
Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, Dean 
of Graduate tudies and 
Research will discuss how Af-
firmative Action affects 
Graduate Student practices at 
the next meeting of UC 0 
Women, Thursday, October 
12, at noon in the International 
Center, Me. All welcome. 

There will be a CAL-PIRG 
MEETI G this Thursday at 4:00 
PM in the "Fishbowl" on Muir 
campus . All students and 
faculty are invited to attend to 
learn about new consumer in-
terest projects being planned . 

The Graduate Student Council 
will meet at 4:00 p.m. in 506 
Matthews Campus. Graduate 
student representatives to 
campus committe s will be 
nominated. 

The Triton Wargaming Society 
meets Thursday nights in Muir 
2C room 1110. The room is 
reserved for 6:00 on so we stay 
all night. Come and play 
games! 

A HOEDOWN! Square and 
Contra dancing anyone can 
learn and everyone is 
welcome! It beats the hell out 
of studying." Thursday 8:00 
MC 201. 

general 
Grants are available from the 
International Research and Ex-
changes Board for doctoral 
di sertation research during 
the 1973-74 academic year in 
the U . S.S . R., Bulgaria , 
Czechoslovakia, Hungary, 
Poland, Romania, and Yugo-
slavia . Deadlines are 

ovember 1 and 15. Graduate 
students who will have com-
pleted all pre-dissertation re-
quirements by the Fall of 1973 
are eligible. For full informa-
tion contact Jean Fort, 108 MC, 
Ext. 125~. 

advertisements for ourselve 
Commuter lockers, at $3 per 
year, are available at the Muir 
Dean's Office. The lockers are 
located on the north wall of 
Building 2C, Muir. 

FOR SALE Sony Portable 
stereo tape record r, brand 
new condo good for lectures, 
lang. $85 / 0ffer: 274-2037 or 
msg., to Bam, Revelle lit. 

For ale. '53 15 ft . Travel 
Trailer. S.c. except head. Park 
it m a friend 's yard and live 
rent free . Asking $300. John at 
2781 campus or 755-3953 eves. 

61 VW U ROOF Rebuilt eng; 
New clutch, tires; Excellent 
condo Call 582-8365 eves. 

1936 Ford Farm Truck w/orig . 
equipmen t & wood camper on 
back. $400 or offer. 755-3764 

For ale: Two AR3a speaker 
both $325. Kenwood Receiver 
260w AR turntable wlshure 
M75E $85. 10 speed bike $50 
Call 753-9655 after 10 PM. 

'68 TR 250 excel. cond., 10 mi, 
1400 or offer. 274-9148 or 223-
3138 

Manual typewriters, good 
condition. ew ribbon s, 
magic margins. After 6 p.m. 
Peter, 753-2052. $25. 

• services 
Russian, Hebrew and English 
engraving. Plastic nametags 
and luggage tags. 453-5346. 

TYPI G Experienced IBM 
Electric Reasonable rates Call 
453-8148. 

Incredible typing. RUSSian , 
Spanish, technical theses. 453-
5346, ask for McWong. 

STUDENTS! 
Vehicles will be Allowed to Park 
in "S" (Student) Areas Without 

Permits through TOMORROW, Oct. 11 . 

Vehicles Parked 
On University Property 

After October 11 will be required 
To Display Valid Parking Permits. 

PARKING PERMITS ARE ON 

SALE AT THE CENTRAL CASHIER 

PERMITS $31 .50 
Triton Times Page 8 OClob r 10, 1972 

COMMU ITY lIVI G, OCT. 
14-15. Seminar-encounter 
9:30 a.m. Sat. to 4 p.m. Sun. T~ 
bring together people seeking 
alternatives to isolated living. 
Trained group leader . At 
beautiful retreat of the Friend-
ly Cooperation, S.D. Fee : $25. 
282-3843 or 278-5954. 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
No more club fees! 50 Depar-
tures, also YC, Japan & 
Australia . Youth Fares, too . 
ince 1959: ISTC, 323 N. Bever-

ly Dr., Beverly Hills, Ca. 90210, 
(213) 275-8180 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRI A 

tudents flights . Inexpensive 
s tudent camping tours 
throughout Europe. Russia and 
Mexico. Official SOFA agent for 
mter-European student charter 
flights, including Middle East 
and Far East. tudent ki 
tours . Europea n used car 
purchase system . 
CONTACT: I CA. 11687 an 
Vincente Blvd ., #4, L.A., Calif. 
90049. TEL: (213)826·5669 or 

26·0955 

housing 
SHARE: house LJ nr beach 
own room also interested in 
self-discovery F, S55, 459-3910 

WANTED: 3 Roommates to 
share groovy 5-bedroom, 3 
bath home in Encinitas . 
Features fireplace, patio, built-
ins, washer-dryer, semifurn-
ished all utilitie~ paid . Only 
$87.50 each . Call 753-2367 after 
5 PM# 

lost and found 
FOU 0 : 1 silver and turquoise 
ring in Muir bathroom on 
Monday, call 224-3945. 

Found : eyeglass case near 
flagpole in Revelle plaza . Call 
Larry at 453-9045. 

Lost : one greenish-brown 
wallet on Revelle campus. If 
found , please keep cash and 
return wallet to ick Papa-
dopoulos, P.O . Box 4123, La 
Jolla . 

Lost : mostly red Italian 
bracelet (between Central 
Library and Muir commons) . 
Has a lot of sentimental value. 
Mary, 453-7083 

Lost : Turquoise bracelet, S25 
reward . Lost Sept. 25-6, 
Humanities library area, 
maybe in men's room. Call 
453-7115. 

clothes. 

218~ SAN ELIJO ' CARDIFF 75?r8010 
50% off going out of 

husiness sale any purchase 

• • 


