
"PEACE IS AT HAND"? 
Steven Pincher 

In the words of presidential advisor Hennry 
Kissinger in a press conference held on the morning of 
October 26, " We believe that peace is at hand .. , The 
statement was made in reaction to a Radio Hanoi 
relea c made earlier the same dav which accused the 

This agreement will go into effect provided the la t 
meeting of the Paris Peac confer nce. which is 
scheduled to last for four to five days. is successful. 
According to Kissinger, " What remains to be done i 
the smallest part of what has already been 
accomplished." . 

Also being worked out IS th political settl ment 
which will mclude an internationally supervi sed 
election to determm the form of the Saigon 
government The cease-fir provid : for th 
withdrawal of all . S troops withm 60 day. and the 
return of all S Pnsoners of war Further . the :\orth 
Vietname would be r qUlred to Withdraw all troops 
from Laos and Cambodia and th e stoppmg of th 
Infiltrating of North Vietnam se troops mto I)outh 
Vi t Nam . 

nited States of holding up the peace talks but 
contmuing with the statement tha t a cease-fire i 
imminent. 

It would appear at this tim that a cea e-fire will 
take effect on October 31 with the cease-fire line being 
determined by the positions of the troops at that time . 

According to Kissinger, the negotiation opened up 
at the October 8 meeting, when the orth Vietnames 
agreed to discuss separately a military settlement 
and later deal with a political settlement. 

Volume 17 Number 10 

Frick At 

UCSD 
Joni Garwood 

For the past three weeks hundreds of 
small, mimeographed signs have been 
anonymously posted throughout UCSD 
announcing the candidacy of Arthur 
James Frederick Frick III for Dictator of 
America. Last Wednesday Frick himself 
made his first formal appearance on cam-
pus and answered numerous que tions 
(oncerning his platform. 

Before Frick began, however, an Im-
m(·diate referral to his attire and that of his 
two companion was made by 
fla bbergasted and amazed students. Frick 

wa~ dressed entirely in white, and hi 
fflend\ were less conservatively draped in 
red leotards under white jock straps, 
plastic sunglasses, and small white hats. 
Fri ck described their clothing as a method 
of immediately impresssing an audience 
by shocking it. 

" The shock method itself is not impor-
tan t, " said rrick, "but the selection of 
Jrtlsti c pre entation is essential. Most peo-
ple already reject so much in art that a 
different kind of presentation and lu zane 
literature i~ quite effective. Of course, we 
get mixed reactions from every group, but 
after communi aiion yas been established 
with an audience by the guys dre sed in 
red doing cartwheels or throwing nickels. 
II1 tPrpe r ~onal relation hips can be fo rmed 
dnd our message conveyed." 

For Frick, the 30 to 50 people who dre~ s 
'n the red suits , the artist , th 
philosophf'rs, musicians, and bu~ inessm('n 
who financially support him, and the 
~tudents around the world who believe in 
his causse, the me sage that must be 
conveyerl is one of instilling an aesthellc 
('onsciousness in politics and motivating 
artistic involvement at every level of socie-
ty . 

Frick has traveled to the Middle East, 
China, Europ , Afri a, and around the 
Unil d tale appealing to people to 
rearrang their sen of self-composition 
and to become more "di tatorial" in e -
tablishin a lif tyle that mbraces an 
awar n s of on' immediat environ-
m nt. 

University of California, San Diego Fr iday, O ctober 27, 1972 

Frick for Dictator, a he appeared 
at UC D last Wedne day. 

"We are interested in problem-solving 
through the proposal of artistically 
native ideas. Thus we are looking for 
people who have an idea to contribute 
towards a more unified and peaceful 
world . It is a union between the artist and 
the politician. Together they can work out 
a rea listic approach to reapportionment of 
world re ources ba ed not on country 
tructUl e, but on need. 

"Certainly it' a big job to change the 
\).1 ic composition of the world' con-
~ iousnes . But we are taking our time, 
working slowly on the publicity level, and 
moving toward a general acceptance of 
our cause, to creat an artistic world -
so iety." 

Although Frick is running for the posi-
tion of dictator, he i not plannin a coup 
or a co rcive takeover. H is organizing a 
d mon trat ion or lection, however, and 
wa a bit relu tant to r v al d tail that 
might detract from the drama. For p r on 
anxiou to learn mor about Frick' move-
menl, he can b contacted at his (ampaign 
headquarters in an Diego, phone 582-
7010. 

Propositions: Deadly 
GREG HICK ' and Taxing 

PropOSitIOns 16 and 17 deal 
with two I sues which di ffer 
radically In term s of 
Importance 

PropOSitIOn 16 deals wi th 
the matter of salane for 
California hi g hw ay 
patrolmen If Propo ilion 16 
I pac ed It Will r eqUir 
uniformed highw ay 
patrolmen In Cahforma to 
be paid an amount equal to 
the maxrmum rate paid 
California policemen or 
d ' puty sherIff ' domg 
similar johs TIll' governor 
would not b allowed to \'e to 
,' uch raises in sa lar~' I t IS 
pOinted out b'v those who 
: upport the mea ure that 
highway patrolmen earn 
I e s than o the r l a w 
enforcement of/lcer . which 
Violates Government Code 
spetlOn 11 R50 Oppont'nt 
argue that It IS unIalr to pa~ 
highway patrolmen an 
amount equal to the 
maximum rate paid to other 
off icers In CalIfornia and 
that it would deprive the 
governor of the power 01 
veto, which vIOlate' th 
oalance of powers 

Propo Itlon 17 IS a 
mt!a ure which deaL' Wi th 
more fundamental I sut'S 
Proposition Ii state. that 
" all statutes of thl ' tate in 
effect on Feb 17. 1972. 
r equIring . authOrI Zin g. 
Imposing. or relating to the 
death penalty are in full 
force and effect. subject to 
I 'gislalive amendment or 
repeal by statue. initIatIve. 
or referendum. ' It al '0 
states that the dea th penalty 
prOVided fol' m the statute' 
shall ot b " tak n to 
constItute cruel and unusual 
pUnishment or to contradict 

a n~ pro'i sion 01 the 
Con tltUt lOfl " The l ', 
Supn'mc Court has not 
('ompletcl~ aboll h('d the 
d ath p nalty It ha s 
prohibited th ImpoSitIOn of 
the death penalt~· In certam 

c riminal cases und er 
tatutes which leave It 

entirely to the discretion of 
judg e or j url e t o 
determm whether 'uch a 
penalty hould be Imposed . 
Propos iti on 17 w ould 
legalize th death p nalty m 
Californ ia subject to the 
: t1pulatlOns wh ich the { ' , 
upreme Court ha . laid ou t 
Supporter . 01 the mea .. ure 

have clainH'd that capital 
puni shm en t has a n 
Important d terrent eHect 
Clnd , CIS .. uch I ... nt'cesary to 
prot ct the li ve 01 mnocent 
cltilens. It I .. cl;.IImed that 

~ u c h a penalty I .. 
Clppropn at for thos who 
have committed 
par t lcu lar l\' hulpous crime . . 
e g Charl cs :'.l Jno;on and 
Slrhan ,lrhan It i' .. tated 
tha t homh l n g 
a : a s !n a ti on ' , ma ." 
slaymg ' and the lIke mer it 
th deat h p en alty 
Proponent. sav that a death 
penalty sen tence I. handed 
down only after a lair tnal : 
the poor , uneducated . and 
those In r acia l mInOntll·. 
are not diSCrim in ated 
agamt 

Oppon nts of Propo. ltlOn 
Ii claim It is n,lt nght to 
oppos kIllmg b\ kIlling 
Thev sav th(' decnon 10 
Impose the death penalt \' i 
not mad ' equ all~ . . JUrI "an' 
differ nL and onl ' lury 
might Impo~1.' thl' death 
penalt \' tor a p Irtlt' lIl;]r 
('rIm when :motL .. r would 
not It IS .. aid mno('ent 
peopl l' are l'\.l.'l'utt'd but 
never edllcated \\'(31 hy 
whitt' m n I t is ..,1. ted that 
murder ra.tl'S tm pom'l'IlWn 
guards. and prIVatl cItlll'n~ 
ar C' lo\\('r In statp:- vdtholll 
the dt'dth penaltv It I~ 
poml( d out that "an ' n 
Sirhan . rn o..,t olher 
murderers and JII other 

assa~~m s 11'IVl' ('olllmltlt'd 
theIr r rIl1H· ... m ~tJtl· \\ Ith 
th ' dt'a tli p 'n JIt~ . th ll . 

Eviction gr nl 
8 y GREG '\10S}o,R 

pu ttmg 10 que .. tlOn th 
theon ' of the deterrent 
eff ct 01 ca pi tal 
punishment In connection 
With th a .... r lIon tha t 
murder L Impn oned for 
life areoon paroled. the 
claim IS mad tha th 
Parole Board . which decide' 
thes matter .. IS comp tenl 
and wIll not relea e 
dangerou .. crumnal: . It i 
pOSSible. they . a:_ . t 
p rOVide for 111l' 
imprI onment without 
parole b)- leg I. j,lIl\ e me.ln. 
:'.1entlOn IS rnadl' that mo.'! 
cnme:, art' committed In 
p il .. . Ion . n I) t a f t e r 
dellhf'r<lll on <Ibout the 
con sequenn:-. 

I ruponL'nt of Propn I ion 
Ii n'pl~ thaI the homICide 
ratl' has IOcr a .. ed b\ 25 
per cent ~tn('e 1963 i after 
that da te onl\' one execution 
h,I" heen allowed I They 
claim tht' facts support their 
. ,erlIon that then' I.' no 

raCial bla: m hl' unanUl10U 
Jury deCislOn!-- which rt'. ul t 
In Impo~lIlOn 01 the death 
pl'nalty Tht') ~tate tha t 
though thl' death P( nal t\ 
dol'S not dt'll'l all killers . It 
('an not bl' mCllntaIned that It 
ha no d. tl rrt'nt t'lll'ct 
Tht'. l' pl'rS!ln~ p,lInt out that 
ihl' Supn'llll C,llirt h,," not 
.Ihollsh,'d the dt'Jth pl'nalt\' 
,nd {'roPO. IIIOIl Ii would 
Illt'rd\ hnn C "h flJrm" IJ\\ 
mtn h~,' \\Ith lC'd.'rdll \1 It 
I. 1l1 :lIntdlrll' d Ih.I t a 
s('nlt'nn' of h, e \l lIhout 
p. roll' \\'ouitl b(' ,"hj('('1 te .1 
(h,m e 10 I.m 11\ thl 
Lt' /-!I lalUn Thl gm'l 'rnllr 

Itll'~ ".I: c.ln ('lHnl11l1tt 
partl('ul.lr "('nt('ncl'''' II Ill' 'n 
(' hO,' .· t'~ Fmdllv attt'ntlOn 
I c,lIlt'd to lilt' i .wt tha the 
;J\nagl' tll nl' . (ned Itlr 
Ill' t dcgrl' l11urden'r:-< 
I"l'll'J"l"d In Wil \ d . on" 12 
\t.'dr "'-' 

nt 
(,Imton \k"'ll1l1un turml'l ( 'one l ('" ... l11dn 

and 0 \\1\(' 1 III III( St'ntin('I .I llti t h(' l'lch l 
pOll I 1.1111111(, ... Ill ll ... t" hl.l!'k" dnd dll(,J IlIl'" 
th.llll\l·lln hl ... l.a .1 011 .1 nl'lIpll l \ 11.1\,' 
1l'<Ichl'd ,111 dgn 'I'l11l'nt 011 I h. Il·r lll. III I II .. 
l'\I('tIOIl rhl" \\d" ,ml1olllln'd liI "t Tll\· ... d.l \ 
al <I IIWl'IIIlg 11I'ld III lilt' ( ;n '.II"1 1'11111 (' 
( II 1111'1 \\11 : (11111('11 111 1.,1 .1"lId 

\\ llulli n()t 1,(' .. hit' III ,1.111 hlllioim' Ih, 
planl1l'd I I\(' ,I<II \ ('pndllllllil 11111 111 t ill1\' 

\ld"ll1nol1 \\<lnl('d th ' lillllIlI('s 'llil 1111111 (' 
tilt' \11\ 'i \Oll' un a IWlcht IInlll.l111111 t,11 1..1 
.1011 .. hul had III a('( '(' I tilt I,\('t Ih.ll IH 

1/ \' ,1 ~n ('(I Itl Ipt till ' 1.1111111(' Lt\ ulltll 
Ike )(1,11111 I., \\111 P,I\ 1111 II III 1 IllPnth 0; 
n 'nt 111 nl'\\ Ih)II'ln~ • .lIld IH' J.l IIIl1nl II 
1('111111 tlll ~ 11 pl\"\1I1 Itthllt \'II~ \J l . I t\ lIt' 
\\ 111 ,li sp nrmllh .I \.111 .I nti 1,t11('1 111 III Ip 
111l11l 111l1\' 



Extension Counseling 
Three different ~lnds of counseling services are now 

available to the public through University of California 
Extension , San Diego. 

Peace Corps, VISTA 
on Campus Next Week 

Group and individual vocational counseling, and a 
course, " Group Counseling for Women," is offered this 
fall quarter. 

Vocational counseling provides enrollees with guidance 
about career decisions . 

At the copclusion of the individual counseling program, 
each participant is furnished with a complete report of his 
abilities . Reports are based on tailor-made selection of 
tests and a series of interviews with professional 
counselors. 

Group vocational counseling, while not as personalized 
as the individual program, offers other advantages. Group 
members meet with a psychologist and are able to com-
pare viewpoints with one another as they resolve 
problems . Those enrolled in the program also take 
vocat ional tests and the results are later explained by 
guidance counselors. 

UCSD and UCLA are the only campuses in the University 
of Cal i fornia syste m with such highl y developed 
counseling serv ices, according to Marjorie Shaevitz, direc-
tor of counsel ing and registrat ion services at Extension in 
San Diego. 

"They have been created," Mrs. Shaevitz expla ins, 
" because the days o f haphazard career choices are qu ickl y 
drawing to a close." 

During the course, which will be held at UCSD Thursday 
mornings, tests and small group d iscussions are the means 
for st imulating cogitation, awareness and self-appraisal. 

Guest lecturers f ro m the community w ill talk on possible 
career commitments in a number of field s of interest. 

" The key to a more educated venture into choosi ng an 
occupat ion is f ind ing out about the var ious aspects o f 
you rself," says Mrs. Shaevitz. 

For further information on any of the counsel ing 
programs, telephone her at 453-2000, extension 2096. 

Republicans Picket 
Republicans for M cGovern picketed Tuesday thE' 

headquarters of the Republ ican Party situated at First 
Avenue and Broadway, in protest aga inst " the arbitrary 

empt to purge Vi rginia Tay lo r from the Central Com-
ittee o f the Repu blican Party." 
Vi rgi nia Taylor termed this a typ ical example of " double-

think". She pointed out that disgruntled and d iscredited 
Democrats are supporti ng Nixon wouthout fear of reprisal. 

" I am a Republica n but not a Nixon Republican ", she 
id and added " I swallowed many Nixon Adm inistration 

blunders and favors to special interest groups". 
Among them Mrs. Taylo r listed the Watergate bugging, 

the Russian wheat sale scand al, rising crime rate, rampant 
unemployment, spi raling food costs and the welfare mess. 

Deletion of three key chapters from the report by the 
President's Council on Environ ment Qual ity in August o f 
thiS year finally persuad ed her to support George 
McGovern. She stated that the Environment Report was 
emascula ted to pacify big money con tri buto rs to the 
Republican Party's already swollen campaign chest. 

Virginia Taylor reffered to her long record as an en-
vironmentalist, as indicated by the fa ct that she was the 
only Republican candidate who was endorsed by the 
le, gue of Conservation Voters in last Ju ly's primary. 

, I would betray my own conscience and the confidence 
of 1early 40,000 voters who cast their ba llo ts fo r me in the 
re( ('nt primary. if I were to support a Presidential ca n-
di( (l te who is willing to see our envi ronment fu rther 
be ouled to placate his fat cat contribu to rs", she added . 

hf' 5ufJt:, ;ui Court i,~upd a Temporary Restrai ning 
Orier on Oct. 2, to prevent Virginia r dyl u, '~ removal from 
th. Republican Party Central Comm ittee pend ing a 
he:lring scheduled for Oct. 26, to decide whether a 
Pe 'manent Injunction should be granted . 

v1rs Taylor chclrged Republican County Chairman Leslie 
G( hre" with misrepresenting thp California Elect ion Cod 
wlo('n he asserted that " removal of any elected member o f 

Graduating UC San 
Diego seniors with majors 
in nursing, math/ science, 
4ducation and liberal arts 
will discovE'r no shortage of 
meaningful job openings in 
the Peace Corps or VISTA, 
according to local ACTION 
representatives. 

ACTION, the one-year 
old federal Volunteer ser-
vice agency which com-
bined the Peace Corps and 
VISTA will be nterviewing 
Oct. 30 to Nov. 2 from 9 
a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Revelle 
College Informal Lounge at 
Revelle Commons. 

San Diego ACTION 
representative Dave Byrnes 
listed o ver 700 different job 
categories available to UC 
San Diego seniors in S7 
developing countries of 
Africa, Asia, lat in America 
and within VISTA poverty 
projects located in all fifty 
States. Byrnes , a VISTA 
community services worker 
in National City sa id that 
two years as one of 8,000 
Peace Corps Volunteers, or 
the one-year VISTA assign-
ment in a low-income com-
munity within the United 
Stat4s represents a practical 
approach to gaining 
professional experience as 
well a s enjoying the 
satisfaction of helping other 
people help themselves. 

" Nursi ng is an opportuni-
ty to change patterns of 
neg l ec t and i gnorance 
wh ile t eaching and 
developi ng a one-to-one 
profe ss ional to patient 
relationsh ip," Byrnes said. 
As teachers, planners and 
supervisors, Peace Corps 
and VISTA nursing ass ign-
ment vary from training 
practi cal nurses in Hon-
du ras o r teaching sanitation 
in Paraqu ay to staffing a 
community health center in 
Texas. " There is no such 
th ings as a routine nursing 
assignment," Byrnes added . 

Both the Peace Corps and 
VI STA share Volunteer re-
quests for teachers. Byrnes 
sa id th at Pea ce Corp s 

th(' Central Committe who advocates support of an MIIIII"III"'.~IIII. 
opposition cant/idate IS mandatory". Mrs. Taylor poin t d 
out the law is, in fact, discretionary, and tha t her rights ~,*,MMI6ililIlli 
under the First Amendment are being violated If she is fllli\1!III~""";'rf 
purged without giving the m mb rshl p o f the Repu bl ican 
Party an opportunity to vote on the issue. 

TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 Poge 2 

educators with majors in 
biology, chemistry, physics 
and math work in 
curriculum planning, 
teacher training, course 
writing , and actual 
teaching. VISTA teachers 
are involved in projects 
which include teaching 
English as a second 
language, organizing 
tutoring projects and 
teaching basic literacy skills 
to adults. 

UC San Diego seniors 
with majors in liberal arts 
are needed 'to put their 
skills to work in VISTA in 
community action 
programs, working with 
parent groups in seeking 
school improvements, 
organizing youth centers, 
providing services for the 
aged and a variety of ac-
tivities in housing, health, 
employment and educa-
tion . 

.. ACTION agriculture 
projects currently employ 
1.729 Volunteers in 47 
countries as well as in rural 
poverty areas at home," 
Byrnes said . "Anyone with a 
background in fisheries or 
agriculture can make a 
valuable contribvution as 
an ACTION Volunteer and 
we would like to talk to him 
a bou t ou r cu rrent pro-
jects." 

Joining Byrnes for the 
ACTION interviews will be 
Norm Rogers, a former 
Peace Corps rural health 
worker in Brazil. Byrnes 
sa id that VISTA Volu nteers 
receive food , housing and 
in c idental expense 
allowances. Medical 
coverage is provided, and a 
$50-per-month stipend is 
paid to the Volunteer 
followin g the one year 
assignment. Peace Corps 
Volunteers receive two year 
assignments and benefits 
include free travel , and 
medical care, housing and 
living allowances, plus ap-
prox imately $2,000 which is 
paid to the Volunteer at the 
end o f the two year service. 

ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCE MAJORS 

Let us help you: 
PLAN AHEAD 
To Become a CPA 

THE BECKER 
CPA REVIEW COURSE 

LOS ANGELES 
SAN DIEGO 
SANIA ANA 

213553'{)330 
714-298·7752 
714 5J7 ·~JO 

Our Successful Student, Represent 

1/5 OF USA 

The Passion of Joan 
Dear Readers: 
. For the past two weeks I have been writing what is kin 
referred to as "a column" for the TRITON TIMES. Since th 
appearance of my first article, hundreds of letters 
poured into the office, each concerned with the nature 
and projected longevity of my column. After gauging the 
tone of your letters, and being repeatedly asked to define 
the nature of my column, I decided that thi s week's art icle 
should be devoted enti~ely to answering your questions. 

Student: "What the hell do you think you're doing?" 
Joni: " The column was originally programmed as a 

human interest grab-bag of sorts, and I was informed by 
the editors that the subject matter was entirely up to me, 
although one editor suggested that if I ever got in the 
mood a story n the 'Nihilistic Idealism of a Dialectical 
Romanticist' might prove exciting, as well as a little piece 
on the logistical and cybernetical tactics of Henry 
Kissinger' wargames in Hollywood. I decided to postpone 
work on the above topics and begin the series with a fast-
paced, witty article comparing the Democratic and 
Republican conventions. The editors were highly amused, 
as were my teachers, friends, and family. However, they all 
suggested that the next article be a trifle more serious anc;J 
show a great deal more effort on my part. The second 
article was indeed less hilarious. In it I hinted that the arts 
taught at Revelle were horrible and an abysmal failure in 
view of the 'Renaissance man' theory. Again, after the 
column was printed, the editors gave me some friendly 
direction . They showed me the door. That is what the 
column, and various reactions to it, have been in the past. 
What direction it will take in the future is unclear at this 
time, although I am anxious to begin molding the column 
into a long term study on student activities on campus. Th is 
should not be too difficult, as long as I remain willing to 
tell a lie as quickly as the truth ." 

A slightly more pragmatic student: "Why is your column 
called 'The Passion of Joan' and when can I come over?" 

,oni: "The title itself was taken from a play written about 
a girl who lived a rather spiritual existence until the day she 
found herself in a very hot situation which resulted in her 
untimely death. It is a tragiC tale and one that I have 
identified with on several occasions. She later became 
quite well known for her extraordinarily passionate 
behavior, and I believe the church made her into a saint a 
few years after her death. However, absolutely the only 
thing I have in common with that girl is the name we share. 
Hers was Jeanne d'Arc and mine is its abbreviated form : 
'Hey you!' Concerning the veiled intent in the second part 
of your question, I must warn you that 'The Passion of 
Joan' is merely a title and hardly indicative of my social 
life." 

A spokesman for the Regents : "When is the n going to 
start exercising censorship on your column?' 

,oni:" Although my first two articles were highly con· 
troversial, I am happy to report that the editors are 
extremely liberal minded and that there has been no 
censorship despite pressure from several students who 
threatened to burn down the newspaper office if anoth er 
column of mine appeared in the TRITON TIMES. The less 
destructive-minded merely inquired "why the n allowed 
someone halfeducated, inarticulate (although stunningly 
brilliant on occasion), insufferably vain, self-righteous, 
overambitious, piosuly imprecise, and obviously under-
nourished in pleasure to inflict viscious and superficial 
opinions on the intellectual community at UCSD# At least 
that is part of the conversation I heard between two n 
editors discussing my column. Since the other editors have 
publicly stated that they support me 1000 per cent I feel 
perfectly safe in announcing that there will be no cen-
sorship on my column." 

A Revelle "math or science" major : "In language I can 
understand, how long does it take you to write your 
article?" 

'oni: "Very simply, all it takes if 4869 angstroms x 6.663 
erg sec plu the time it takes, .09 g moles to convert in to 
.0009 mole liters. Divide all of that into pH-4.37 and take 
the cube root of four hours, three minut4s, and 12 degrees 
NW. Add the two answers together and the equation looks 
like a plus b-c, with c representing the consistently poor 
grades I have always had in math and science. If this seems 
like a long time to spend writing a column for the TRITON 
TIMES, you are correct. However, I can write only as fast 
I th ink." 

I sincerely hope that this week 's column was informative 
nd enlightening, since I believe the student body 

rves to know what they can expect from "The Passion 
Joan," in the same way they have learned to expect 

things from the TRITON TIMES 
One last word : Although this is my column and I have 

he freedom to slander, alter, add, or omit the facts as I 
as , thi s is your school, and your activities make UCSD 

it is today. If you , or someone you know is invo lved 
a PROJECT (example : a group of women are planning to 

Rocky 's pants up the flagpole, as soon as they find 
please inform me or the paper. Thanks. 

Third World 
Opportuni ties 
~sian Law Students atUSC 

Th e Un i ver sit y of 
Southern California has ~ n 
ex treme defi ciency in the 
enro llment of A sian law 
students. To remedy this, 
present Asian law students 
have c omm it t ee d 
themse lves to the recruit -
ment of Asian students for 
the USC Law Schoo l. 

Admiss ions standards are 
based on motivat ion and 
comm unit y invo lve m ent 
rather than grade p o i nt 
average an d th e LS A T 

scores. 
Scho larships and grants 

a r e ava il ab l e so that 
fi nan ces will no t be a 
ba rri er for Asian students 
who have an interest in 
attending the law school. ~ 

Appl ications and infor-
mation can be obtained 
from Asi an Law Student 
Associa t ion, P.O. Box 77512, 
Los Angeles, Ca., 90007 or 
Admi ssions Office, Minori-
ty Student Program, USC 
Law Center. 

Davis Graduate School 
Professional and 

graduate studies oppor-
tun ities for Third World 
,tudents are now availab le 
at the Davis campus of the 
university of California. 

Each of the graduate and 
professional schools on the 
C(lm pus has jO ined in a 
program to encourage 
students from socially and 
eco nomica ll y poo r 
backgrounds to consider 
training in various grad uate 
and professional f ie lds. 

degrees in more than 50 
fields plus professional 
training leading to D.V.M., 
M .D. and J.D degrees is 
available at the Davis cam-
pus. 

Application deadlines for 
the 1973-1974 academic 
year are as follows; School 
of Law, March 1, 1973; 
School of Medicine, Dpc. 
31, 1972; chool of 
Veterinary Medicine, Nov. 
1, 1972; Graduate Division, 
June 30, 1973. 

Motions Denied 
In Del Mar 4 T'rial 

The final pre·trlal motIOns In the case 01 ttl(' Upl Mar F,," r 
were denied Tuesday in Superior Court IJ) ,Judge Churle,., 
Froeh l ich. One motion had been des,gned by till' defl'ns!' to 
quash the Grand Jury indIctments of August 2 against th(' 
eight men The motion ront('ndf'd that Ihe JUri 's nnt <.t 
representat,ve cross sert,on of the ('ommun,tv In denYIng 
that motion . Froehlich sa,d that to serve on th~' Grand .iurl' 
a person ,s reqUired to attend tWice a week and " It,s qUill 
clear that It ,s not practical for a dall\' working rn;,n to 
undertake that Job. nor ,s ,t pracllc;,1 lor sludl'nts whr) 
attend classes . " 

The oth r motIOn tha t was denied challc'nged thl' panpiol 
tr,al jurors. wh,ch th • defense attorneys again ~ald 1<J('kl'd a 
representative eruss section of th(' commllnlt~ 

,Jury selection began ~oon ;,Iterwards Th(' H'malnln):: 
defendants of the original ("~ht are P('tf'1 Hohm('r :ll: Ton, 
Kozden. 21, Bill IIalb!'r . 22. and Petl'r :\1ahone. :U: All an' 
char~ed w,th obstrudlOn and II;Jlbl'l' is ('hal'lll·d <.llsll I\ltl 
Intent to commit arson 

In olher tmll related actl\'llIes . two of th., orlgm, I 
defendanl~ who pleadC'd J!II'It\' were' s(·ntl'n(·"ri tn thrt·( 
years' probatIOn and ordered to makc' resl1tutlon tn thl 
Santa Fe Railway in th amount of $~7 .2 1 ('ach j);.J1' 
Katzenstein and Gerald Lopez. both CCS[) studf'nts. Wf're 
fined an additional 200 each 

Scoll Goodrich. another l'CSD student hi.l~ vet to bc ' 
sentenced for obstructIOn and Intent to comm,t arson . the 
charges to whIch he has alreadv pleaded gUilt, Sentencmg 
IS to take place Nov 2 in the court of Franklin Orl,eld 

Evic tion Agr('cm ('n t 
I' 0 II t i lllu"II from pagl' ) 

II tli' d' "hi'" I I' II ,III" "'I'" 
,. II .. \III t.d\ II, '""'1111 1'111 In I" ",'\1 
pl,I(" 

III lill 11 1/1" 1'lIalll ",,\, 1." 'Ii .11 I I 
1'11.'111 til I"~all\ bl"c'l; 1/11'11 ,'I II '''II 

III! "lIdlll p"IoI"II ,II' 01, 
f'nOllllflU llli J. tllll' nil' I I P II IJ{ .It 
h"u III" III I..t ,J ., Ih' • III II, '. I I 
1101' I\III •• 1f1111 1..1.1,,, III' t'"1 I • 

• \l II "'" tntl.l' ~ ,It. I I I I ,'till 
Pll' "II' "J. J1', I 1\' ""I'" "I 'I I 
.JolI" ,'H1 1'1111' k,': I.,' I , 'Ii'll 
1111'''''''' II I d 

1.1'\ II' ,d,,' I "~III 0\ I II 
tl\ f 'nfl/!' I I' nil' II \. ( 

In"I.IIIIo 1 " 11< ,'. I " 
"I "'I I' 

'II. '""I r I'll fan IJll' 
,1111 tll,IIr "I 1/ III , 

, rill 10, 
(III "n 10' 

';11" II. I I fr , 
I '"' ii, II 

( oil I "Ij J f I( 
I .1, 

\\ "} t , 

I' h, I 
I' I l, I ( 

I 1111, 

,lid , 
" 

I' I 10' I II 
II 

;\1 hl'llli I 
"II '[ 1Ii1' 

" , 
" 

I , . 

I II "I I . , 
Itt t ( I 

kll' t 

""'" I \ • '11 I 'I" 'II,:, I" t I I II ~ Jt 
',,,n.ll (11""( I, \('1110 '01 Ii'" 
1\lIrf."I~ 0,1 il, t .. 1\' I t, dlO~ h,. I ,II In •• 
.JIIII. hl II" t I" ""1" I ,II" I" r I'UI ( 
"I, /I"illl 11, -, . .I' -,._11 ,lOt! ... 17 'I .1111 
.11 ,. 'Ut. '"J('h, I "III, I till I,Ull II 

1'1 .. (""111111 1," , (, 11'·(·llnl. II "Il! 
,ut> ,0111' H'I:t 1111 h • """ " 
( "nll,h, tl' n... '" , x ,', dill I,', 1111 
('III' IIIltlo-. I,t " I ( I" ('n "/1" II ~I' I 

,"'~, IIIIII")" II. "1..' .h" 
((1I11Intl('d 011 r>,l~(' 10 

Law, medicine, veterinary 
medicine, natu ral sciences, 
soc ial scie n ces, a nd 
humanit ies are some of the 
possible fi e lds. 

Graduate traini ng leadi ng 
to maste r 's an d do t r' 

For further information 
about opportunities, write; 
Dr. M artin P. Oettinger, 
Associa te Dean Graduate 
D ivis i o, University of 
Califo rn ia, Davis, California 
95616. Jewish Culture Study Group 

STAMP OUT DRAB 
PUI Som(' Color ~f/d,'r DORMS 
Persian-Oriental ru gs made in Belgi um 
to fit floors, walL' and student bud get 

R UGS OF ALL SIZES 

'V--~ ___ t 

"The entire community is invited to attend and b 
enriched with the manv new elective study groups in 
Jewish culture we are offerong this fall semester," said Drs. 
Ira Goldstein and Burton Jay, co-chairmen of the Jewish 
Culture Foundation at the Community Synagogue of San 
Diego, Congregation Beth Tefilah, 4967 69th Street, north 
of EI Cajon Boulevard . 

The foundation is a free communal service in Jewish 
culture extended to all adults by the congregation The 
program opens on Friday night. Nov. 3, 1972, at 8 p.m. and 
wi ll continue for eight Friday night sessions during the fall 
term which ends on Dec. 22, 1972. 

"We are proud to present a distinguished faculty of 
scholars to lead these stimulating courses in Jewish 
culture-one of the oldest and most influential cultural 
t raditions of mankind," sa id Mr, Harry Verner, president of 
Beth Tefilah. , 

B "II" "' .J ("" Y ° I I h P h ff h d d b bb I TRIT() . • ~ TRIDFNT (Irf''' al T esta is ea e y Ra i Samue Penner, director of 

~ I d A N,s .. _ c.an. ,.p.l"_B'.".'k.",.."_rl.').f.or_".1.S'.O_ theFoundat ion and senio r lectu re r in Judaic Studies at the <.WIIl/{' on .'IlV flUr< h,l\(' Uni versity of Cali fo rn ia at San D iego and California State Uni versity, San Diego. He will give a lecture-ser ies on "The 
5627 La Jolla Blvd. 459-7474 Torah o f Juda ism on the Crisis of Modern M an." He will 

.. _ __ ........... _____ .......... aI50 lead a stud y group on " The Inner Meani ng, Poetry 
and M ystique of the Jewish Worsh ip," a study of the 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
t ruck. camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our " Automa · 
t,on" (Auto Information 
Serv,ce) can ass'st you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dea ler d,scounts and 

mar~et values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

UniverSity & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297.1838 
5191 College Ave. 286.4210 

I 
I 

structure, content and spiritual power of the traditional 

JeWish Ilturg\ for datl\ abbalh, iestival and hoh oa,s. 
Dr Harry RUJd , Prole 'or oi Philosoph\ and cha,rman ot 

the Judaic tudie~ Program a California t .. le Lnlversit\ 
San Diego, will glvC' a cour~e on "GrE'at Ideas In JE'V.ISf'> 
Philo,oph\' and R('liglon ' 

Dr Shlomo Sharan, V,sillng ProtE't;sor of PSl'rhololj\ I 
from Tel Avi\ L n,\erSlli and Stanford unlversit\, \\ho 
currentl} lectures at State l"nlversit.,., \\ III lead he slUd~ 
group on " The Quest for JeWish Identltv in Israel and in 
America. " a course oifered in celebration of the 25th 
Annlversih of the StatE' of Israe l The San Diego D,strlct 01 
the Zionist Organization 01 America under the pres id('nC'l 
of Dr ydnev P Wiener is co·sponsorlng thiS course, 

Rabbi Bruce Charnol', naval chaplain for an Die~o and 
graduate of the Jev.lsh Theological emlnan 01 Amenca , 
will lead the studv group on What Doe the Bible Teach? 
HIS wife, Mrs. Naomi Charno\, will teach " Be g,nners 
hebrew Reading." Mrs. Charno\- holds a \;laster of 
Hebrewe Literature from The Teachers ' Institute oi the 
Jewish Theolog ical ~('minary and an 'v1.A In Hebrev. 
Studies from ew Ywk uni'ersity. 

Although there 2"e no fees, advance regl tratlon , 
required Special prog -ams for children and teenagers are 
also offered . The synagogue office (463-0391 ,2) mav be 
contacted for enrollment Information . 



• • opinion Choice lor the Presidency Young Republicans for the President 
T'" opinion ••• pr.ssed on , ..... pag •• a,e 'how of , ... au'hor. wha .. 
no ..... appea, in , ... byline. and do no' nec •• sa,ily ,.fl .. , , ... "iews of 
, ... TRITON TIMES. Anyon. d.si,ing '0 Iubmi' ma,.,ial '0 be publi .... d on 
,he .. page. should .. nd i' to ,he Edi'oriol Di,ec'o" TRITON TIMES, 17 
BIok., Hall, UCSD. 

Power, Third College, 
and Third World 

MECHA COMMUNICATIONS 

The impre6sions presented in the Tr iton 
Times of Oct. 22 regarding Third World 
needs satisfied by Third COllEGE IS 
NOTHING MORE THAN AN IMPRESSION 
A VERY WRONG ONE. ' 

There is a small faction within the college 
satisfied with it's present state, Chicanos, 
Asians and Native Americans are not. Last 
year' st ruggles by these three groups to 
retain some of the innovative and relevant 
character of the college made this evident. 

However, the struggle was doomed from 
the beginning, as the strange bedfellows, 
Chancellor (Tex) McElroy and Provost Wal-
on formed the political coalition that 

prevented the three groups from saving 
Third College from McElroy and the 
easterner Watson's Devine Right to rule the 
masses of struggli ng students and 
professors. 

The fact that Dr. Watson is from the east is 
sign,ficant. The majority of Third College 
students (as well as Revelle and Muir 
students) are from the southwest. The 
Chicanos, blacks, Asians and Native 
American students here come from Los 
Angeles, San Diego and Imperial Counties. 
The problems that these students should 
study as being relevant are studies related to 
the southwest. The man in charge is an 
easterner, whose reality is based on eastern 
reality, not on the social situation of the 
southwest. This is especially true in regards 
to the Chicanos at Third College, as our 
native land is from the southwest and Mex-
ico. A man from the east cannot be aware of 
ou r unique problems. 

The other part of the Odd Couple, 
Chancellor McElroy, is a white Texan. This is 
almost self-explanatory, as the cry of 
'Remember the Alamo' and the legacy of 
the atrocities of the Texas Rangers against 
Chicanos and Mexicanos is still 
remembered in the stories of the old peo-
ple and in the conditions of Chicanos in 
Texas. Texas, even though it is the outer 
fringe, is still a southern state, and the 
slavery of the egro is a part of it's history. 

Hence, Third College is controlled by (a) 
a black man with an east coast perspective 
and (b) a white man from a racist 
background. 

The courses, which are supposed to 
satisfy all the minority students of Third 
College as being relevant to our situations 
are in much the same shape as the college 
Itself. 

The Communications, Urban and Rural 
Studies, and Health Science programs have 
all been taken ov r by inter-campus com-
mittees appointed by and responsible to 
Chancellor McElroy. These committees are 

composed of about '/2 Third College people 
and '/2 people from the other colleges. This 
situation is clearly not ideal as a white 
Revelle professor will be hard put to un-
derstand what it is like to be a person of 
color in the southwest, as in most cases 
none of the professors have ever had cons-
tant association with peoples of co lor. These 
three programs were formed by Third 
College people and are now in the hands of 
outsiders. Now they are asked to control 
our courses, about ourselves. This is sum-
marily a con tradiction. 

Another contradiction arises within one 
of the Third College courses. The course 
coordinator for Urban and Rural Studies is a 
Black man with a southern and eastern 
orientation. This man was born and 
educated in the south and at Harvard and 
has taught at the University of Wisconsin . 
This is peculiar, as he is teaching in a school 
for minority students in the southwest, to 
southwesterners. This is another case of a 
man in high position in Third College with 
an eastern reality. To heighten the irony, 
the program, primarily aimed at the studies 
of urbanism, are headed by this Black man 
in an area where there are more Chicanos 
than Blacks, in the urban areas as well as the 
outlying areas. (80% of all Chicanos are 
urban dwellers). A second example arises 
from one of the coordinator's instructors, 
who is at conflict with all of the students in 
her class, as she is teaching the history of 
urbanism without dealing with the real 
problems of urbanism. This is similar to 
talking about sex without talking about 
pregnancy. 

In conclusion; there is no relevance in 
Third College. The college is now in the 
hands of beauracrats and out of the loving 
hands of those most affected, the students. 
ThiS was brought about by the un-
derhanded dealings of the Provost with the 
Chancellor to form an alliance that keeps 
both men looking good to the outside 
world, as well as Dr. Watson keeping face 
with his people by staying in power. 
However, the powers of innovativeness and 
relevance have not been overturned, as it is 
up to each student to interpret what he is 
taught, to take abstract teaching and apply 
them to social realities. Lumumba-Zapata 
died last year at UCSD, but in the hearts and 
minds of Chicanos and other minority 
groups on this campus, it is another lesson 
learned about dealing with both the enemy 
within and without. 

The real power lies in our minds and 
bodies, neither Tex or Joe WATSON CAN 
TAKE THI AWAY. 

The politi ca l center is the 
battlefield of American 
presidential politics. Each 
major party has its partisans 
who stick with it through 
thick and thin , but 
presidential elections swing 
on the candidates' success 
in reaching the voter of the 
center . This is the voter 
who asks, " Taking all in all, 
to which man should I be 
more willing to entrust the 
Presidency for the next fou r 
years?" 

We believe the presiden-
tial candidate of 1972 who 
fits that descri pt ion for the 
voter of the center is 
Richard M . Nixon. 

The President has in hi s 
first four years made a par-
ticularly strong record in 
foreign affairs. 

Vietnam stands out as an 
exception. American dis-
engageme nt has been 
much too slow, and the 
President's intentions have 
not been always clear. But 
at least the direction of 
American involvement is 
not in but out. 

The sooner the President 
can complete the 
withdrawal, the more su rely 
will he be able to press 
forward, with the new and 
immensely important 
moves he has begun in that 
great part of the world that 
is not Southeast Asia . 

It is here that he has his 
most persuasive claim to be 
given the conti nued con-
fidence of the American 
people. In his management 
of foreign policy, above all 
in his arrangements with 
the Soviet Union, he has 
sought to adjust the 
balance of world power to 
the realities of world 
power. This means a less 
interventionist but still ac-
tive United States on the 
world scene. 

His dramatic approach to 
China has begun to bring 
that country into the world 
community. 

Long months of careful 
negotiations with the Soviet 
Union cu lminated in the 
first stage of the arms 
limitation agreement, 
probably the most impor-
tant single achievement of 
the Nixon Administration. 
There followed the Soviet-
American trade 
agreements. These, like the 
SALT talks, are only begin-
nings but, like SA LT, they 
are necessary and long -
sought first steps toward 
bringing the two super-
powers into closer 
cooperation. 

11 \ bs. way- $1.9 
20 feet of 'W1~k N 29 , 

O\erttoo o(,il{erent molcb 

THIS SEMESTER YOUR READING 
ASSIGNMENTS WILL PROBABLY 

REQUIRE 500 HOURS OF YOUR TIME 

to Choose from 
40 scents ® 79 ¢ ea. 

df Cand~e ~pp6 
~90 M~rena Blvd.. 

PhOne. 2..7~ -6890 
ctcr05.5 From rr.11,,&!!},,'i? 
to-l<e 5c .. ~.IJ 0 •. E"'st , .. ~ ~"t .. u qII -to Moren ... 131",,-. 
CP~" T.,Q~.-"at . 10 - . dcc~cl 'iu" . ~"'on.) 

TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 Page 4 

YOU COULD CUT IT TO 150-100 
HOURS, OR EVEN LESS 

Many UCSD Students haue done .~o alrea.dy 
and you can too! 

Most Students read 5-10 times faster tha.n 
be(o.re. At least triple your reading rat or your 
tuitIOn Will be refunded. 

Enroll in ADVANCED READING TECHNIQUES 
TODAY for Octobe, classes - specelimited. 

APPLIED LEARNING CENTER 
2409 4th Ave . S.D . 233-7775 

The foreign aspects of the 
now-famous " Nixon 
shock" of Aug . 15, 1971 , 
disconcerted this nation 's 
allies and trading partners 
at fi rst but now, thanks 
largely to second thoughts 
on the part of the Ad -
ministration itself, a new 
attempt is being made to 
rearrange the world 
monetary system, and the 
" Nixon shock" largely 
achieved its purpose-to 
make world trade and 
monetary arrangements 
less disadvantageous to the 
United States. 

As the President and 
Henry Ki ss inger have 
care fully explained, the 
purpose of these uses of 
American power is to bring 
about world stability, for in 
stabi lity lies the best hope 
of world peace. It has been 
no mean achievement by 
the President, all the more 
remarkable because to do it 
he jettisoned several of hi s 
own long-held opinions n 
order to deal in a practical 
way with the requirements 
of new realities. 

In domestic affairs, the 
President's greatest success 
was his handling of the 1971 
economic crisis. 

His decision to impose 
wage and price con trols 
restored confide n ce, 
helped get the economy 
going and began to bring 
inflation under con trol. 
Here again the President 
showed himself sensibly 
flexible under the pressure 
of events; in the national 
interest he wa willing to do 
what he had said so often 
he would not do. 

It was unfortunate that 
Mr. Nixon pulled back from 
his one truly imaginative 
socia l program, the family 
assistance plan, after in-
tense opposition from con-
servatives, and some 
libera ls, of both parties. We 
hope, though, that in a se-
cond term the President 
would be willing to press 
again for this and for some 
of the other innovative 
ideas for social programs in 
education, in welfare, in 
housing that have been 
ta lked about in his Ad-
ministration. 

We hope, too, very 
much, that in a second term 
the President would turn 
about on the question of 
race, on which he has let 
the cou ntry down . No 
public opinion poll on 
busing can obscure the fa ce 
that race is a ce ntral 
probelm in American life . 
While the President's own 
Administration has been 
moving toward integration 
in the South, the President 
has lent the authority of his 
office to those who woulc 
say, to North and South, 
stop . 

Shanghai 
Mandarin & Shanghai 

Style 
hinese Restaurant 

10'0 off dinner 
menu with ruden! I.D. 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORCASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

1017 prosp ct 
LA JOLLA 
454 -5606 

In other ways, too, the 
President in his first term let 
the expediency of narrow 
politica l advantage force 
him to play to th e right 
wing of his party. His Ad-
ministration's concept of 
civi l liberties is narrow. He 
ca nnot wholly disc laim 
responsibility for the 
Watergate affair, for he is 
after all the head of his 
party. 

Mr. Nion 's potentially 
most serious mistake, as we 
have said before, was his 
choice of Spiro T. Agnew as 
his running mate for a se-
cond term as Vice Presi-
dent . It was an avoidable 
mista ke, and it may some 
day haunt the Repu blican 
Party. 

Nevertheless, the choice 
i n November is not 
between the unacceptable 
Agnew and th e unim-
pressive Sargent Shriver but 
between Mr. Nixon and 
Sen . George M cGovern . 

McGovern 's strongest 
point is hi s obvious per-
sonal decenc~ Thatdecen-
cy was outraged by the war 
i n Vietnam when most 
Americans were still sup-
porting it. It is to his credit 
that he saw sooner than 
most, and argud more 
strong ly than most, that the 
course was not in the 
national interest. 

But McGovern has been 
unable to translat e the 
moral outrage of a senator 
from South Dakota into a 
convincing case that he has 
the experience and the 
judgment to be President. 

He has raised a number 
of domestic iss ues that 
need talking about-tax 
reform, allocation of 
resources, welfare, spen-
ding for defense-but his 
changing prescriptions for 
problems hav e largel y 
ranged from the extreme to 
t he vague. Taken as a 
whole, they suggest that he 
does not understand the 
intricate economic 
maching that produces the 
nation 's wealth . Seeking to 
refute the charge of 
radicalism, he has taken 
refuge in proposing the ex-
tension of old social 
programs, without regard 
to the growing realization, 
by liberal Democrats as well 
as Republicans, th at many 
of the expensive old 
programs did not produce 
the expected result s. 

Hi s views of civil liberties 
are, we think, more in ac-
co rd with the Ameri can 
tradition than are Mr Nix-
on's. On the futu re of 
American blacks, he has 
been more positive in tone 
than has Mr. Nixon, but no 
more positive in program. 

an open letter to the staff of the 
universities of U.S.A. 

In the past, the staff of European universi ties found 
themselves in the same situation as you are in today. Those 
who did not do their moral duty were sometimes severely 
criticized by international opinion and rightly so. 

Today, the whole world turns its eyes towards the U.S.A. 
and is pleased to see that opposition to the war in 
Indochina is developing again . 

You ought to know that the American intervention in 
Indochina is severely criticized here in Europe and that 
fewer and fewer people are taken in by the fallacious 
arguments of the U.S. government 

The three peoples of Indochina ask only for the right to 
live freely and independently and to govern their own 
affairs. But NIXON refuses to allow this, refuses all attempts 
at serious negotiation and continues to develop the 
weapons of mass destruction . 

In the name of the higher interests of the U.S.A., of the 
so-called " defense of the free world" and of supporting 
President THIEU, who was installed by NIXON himself, 
hundreds of thousa nds of Vietnamese, Laotians and Cam-
bodgians have been killed in this endless war. 

To talk of an invasion of South Vietnam by Viitnamese is 
absu rd . Isn't it clear that the withdrawal of American 
troops, who have no business in Indochina anyway, is the 
only road to peace? 

You should not allow war cri mes to be carried out in 
your name. How can a ca use be called "just" when it 
means in practice the genocide of three peoples? 

NIXON and his advisors claim to be international 
policemen . The whole of humanity has the right to call 
them to account. 

But NIXON is the elected representative of the 
Ame rican people and it is above all you who must bring 
him to task and force him to adopt reasonable policies. 

We applaud those of you who, conscious of the tremen-
dous responsibility of the American citizen, have already 
raised their voices, and we hope that you will soo n be 
numerous enough and powerful enough to stop this 
terrible war. 

The letter is signed by the following members of staff of 
universities and research institutes (in France except where 
otherwise indicated): 
MATHEMATICS 

J. Tjotta, L. Schwartz, D. Lehmann, M. Parreau, R. 
Bkouche, J. Vaillant , J.P. Scheidecker, J. Postel, Endignoux, 
K. Krickeberg (Germany). A. Dress (Germany), T. Harder, 
A. Lentin, Dacunha-Castelle, M. Cartan, J.P. Aubin , M . 
Demazure, Roumieu, Zisman, B. Malgrange, Y. Amice , Y. 

rHEOkf+'~AlJ~HV~ics 
M . Le Bellac, G. Gonczi, R. Gonezi, D. De Dominicis, J. 

Tillieu, M . Schiff, J.M. Levy-Leblond, B. D iu, G. Loupias, R. 
Hakim, M . Hakim, G. Plaut, F. Rocca, F. Guerin, H. Navelet, 
G. Mahoux, D. lagolnitzer, F. Hayot, G. Cohe-Tannoudji A. 
Morel, P. Moussa, J. Bros, R. Balian , M.L. Mehta, A. 
Gervois, H. Cornille, R. Schaeffer, J. Des Cloizeaux, J.e. Le 
Guillou, J. Raywal , G. Ripka, e. De Domini cis, A. Jaffrin , 
J.M. Normand, J-B . Zuber, R. Pescanski , R. Lacaze, P. 
Bonche, H. Berg~re, P. Mason. 
NUCLEAR PHYSICS 

M . Riou, R. Arvieu, M . Jean, G. Charpak, G. Dugay, F. 
Netter, J. Julien, J. Mougey, e. Schuhl, e. Tazara , M . Priou, 
D. Royer, J. Bellicard, e. Samour, J. Miller, A. Magnon, N. 
De Botton, G. Tamas, A. Gerard, J. Martin, G. Dudit, P. 
Leconte, J. Morgenstern, e. Corges, L. Papineau, e. Levi, Y. 
Cassagnou, M. Mermaz, S. Harar, M. Comjeaud , B. Fer-
nandez, Ph. Charles, E. Cotton, Gastebois, J. Delau nay, N. 
Saunier, Pages, Bianchi, M . Lefort, B. Grossetete, P. 
Lehmann, J.e. Bizot, B. Jean Marie, S. Jullian, G. Cosme, F. 
Laplanche, Th . Fourneron, B. Bouquet. J.P# Poux, H. 
Nguyen Ngoc, J. Perez Y Jorba, Dudelzak, P. Petroff, B. 
Grelaud, G. Szklarz, F. Fulda, L.M. Chou net, B. Aubert , D. 
Morellet. Ph. Heusse, e. W. Farwell, J. Colas, P. Brunet. R. 
Liot, H. Zingier, M . Bergmer, M . Sommer, R. Chebab, D. 
Potaux, A. Jejcic, R. Souchet, F. Rumpf, R. Belbeoch, A. 
Michalowicz, B. Vitale (Italy), Foucher, P. Benoist, N. 
Marty, M. Langevin, e. Detraz, J.e. Jacmart, R. Klapisch, M . 
Veneroni, L. Valentin, H. Langevin, R. Nataf, P. Radvanyi, 
R. Walen, J. Young, E.H .S.Burhop (Great Britain). 

SOLID STATE PHYSICS 
M . Adam, S. Aubry, G. Bellesa, A. Benoit , Brichard R. 

Bidaux, P. Biquard, V. Cagan, P. Calmettes, I. Campbell, J. 
Cernagora , F. Chao, M . Chapellier, Cohen Tenoudji, M . 

Cost~, d. Cribier, Delmas, B. Deloche, G. Delplanque, J-M. 
Delrteu, e. Deportes, P. Demianozuk, G. Deville, J.e. 
D?ukhan, H. Elias, Elliot, B. Escaig, S. Fauconnet, A. Fert, A. 
Frink, .A Friederich, Guichac, Granger, P. Germain, A. 
Hamelin, J. Hammann, D. Huet , P. Imbert, J.F. Jacquinot, 
O. Jaoul, Klein, Ladan, A. Landesman, Y. Le Corre, P. Le 
Fur, A. Leger, L. Leger, Lemaire, Leroux Hugon, J.P. 
Maneval, A. Marais, D. Marty, F. Mollot, D. Monod, 

Ned~lIec, L. .Pal (Hungary). Pannetier, Pelletier, Planel, N. 
Pe~fln, J. Poltrenaud, A. Polian, Pouget, Proi x, Ribault , Y. 
ROlnel, Rolland, S. Rondeles, Rosenblatt , F. Rouchez, J. 
Sanchez, G. Sarma, S. Semoussi, A. Sentz, D. Spanjaarp, 
Teszner, G. Toulouse. e. Williams J. Winter. 
ASTROPHYSICS ' 

D. Chalonge, F. Praderie, R. Michard, J.e. Peeker, MM 
Friedjung, P. Souffrin, J. Lequeux, S. Bonazzola, E. Schatz-
man, F. Du Castel, e. Montes, G. Reinisch, Ph. Delache, M 
Frisch , H. Nussbaumer, U. Frisch, M . Lesieur, J. Provost, G. 
Berthomieu , e. Froeschle, J. Coste, J.e. Valtier, P. felen-
bok, R. Gendrin, ~. Weliachew. D. Flower, J.L. Steinberg. 
GEOLOG~ MINERALOGY I 
OCEANOuRAPHY . 

E. Fourcade, M . Jaffrezo, A. Foucault, P. Lespinasse, J. 
Azema, J. Chorovitz, G. Termier, H. Termier, S. Duplaix, e. 
Gaven, Cheminee, Zarka, Cervelle, Lefaucheux, Cassien, 
Israel, A. Mathoiot, F. Balibar, C. Malgrante, e. Levy, 
Bethoux, M . Houdart, Poisson, Dorville, Garcia, Brun-
Cotta~ Bres, R. Davila (Perou ). 
BIO,--HEMISTRY-MOLECULAR BIOLOGY-
GENETICS 

v. Labeyrie, J. Huppert, Y. Capdeville, R.J. Rutman, 
Hodgkin (Great Britain ), H. Felkin, H. Marcovich, J. Chery, 
e. Clavier, e. Petit, Ph. L'Heritier, F. Schapira, G. Schapira, 
F. Kahane, J. Attias, J. Crouzet, H. Guastalla, E. Bricas, J.B. 
Neilands (USA). 
VEGETAL BIOLOGY 

L. Banchilhon, J. Barrau , J. Belliard, E. Boureau, Chery, G. 
Ducreux, J.M . Favre, J. Lavorel, P. Mazliak, M . Mousseau, 
A. Moyse, R. Nozeran, P. PiquePaille, e. Putz, J.e. Roland, 
J. Stolkowski. 
ANIMAL BIOLOGY 

B.A. Baptist, R. Baron, J.e. Blum, B. Breton, Brochart, 
Charrier, Cordesse, N. Dessolle-Meusy, Y. Demarne, 
R.ldumont, M. Durand, Fayet, J. Flanzy, J. Flehon, Y. 
Gautier, Geloso, Gueguen, J. Guillaume, Hulot, BI Jalabert, 
B. Leclercq, Larvor, M . Larbier, L. Lacassagne, e. Leger, 
Martal, Martinet, Ou Hayoun, Picon, V. Rillion, Reviers, J. 
Simon" :auveur, Zeiter, Y. Gautier. 
CHEMISTRY 

R. Luft, R. Emiliozzi, Guedj, M. Dode, P. Gerdanian, M. 
Martin, M. Magat, P. Marx, F. Kieffer, B. Gitton, e. Brot, A. 
Bernas, M . Vilkas, M. Durup, R. Benasson, H. Zaheer 
(Inde). Frangin, Favre, Audoye, Bouquet, J.B. Robert, M. 
Taieb, Y. Brunei, L. Odier, V. othig-Laslo, J. Douady, e. 
Morat, M . Vincendon , J.P. Albrand, J. Michon, D. Robert, 
R. Br iere, R. M. Dupeyre, e. Macquart, P. Michon, J. 
Hombrouck, M . Plaindoux, R. Subra, J. Kervennal. 
MEDICINE 

A. Minkowski , D. Brille, H. Korn, B. Pissarro, e. Dresch , 
e. Hatzfeld, S. Tomkiewicz, A. Milhaud, E. Wulff, Robain, 
Rosenberg, Feingold, Astoin, Rousseau, Erard, Gord, H. 
Grundfest (U.S.A .), A. Roussel. 
ECONOMICS-SOCIOLOGY 

M . Agulhon , J. Le Goff, J. Dresch, . Lacoste, C. Lacoste, 
J. Chesneaux, M . Reberioux, Willard , Gallissot, M . 
Debouzy, J. Dorz, L. Valensi, J. Bouvier, J. Gernet, P. 
Brocheux, G. Boudarel, J. Verriere, J. Le Coz, G. Freche, D. 
Hemeri:! V. C~query. • 
PHI LUSOPHY -pSYCHOLOGY 

A . Trankell , P. Malrieu, e. Latenasse, C. Guillevic, A. 
Bajbion Broye, J. Curie, e. Clamet, G. Lamouroux, e. 
Reyna-Sauchez, B. Gaffie, M .e. Mate, J. Ferras e, Y. 
Lignon, G. Lanneau, J. Birouste, M . Bata ille, J. Simon, P. 
Bruno, P. Snelson, J. Caurbon, G. Fronty, G. Durup, J.F . Le 
Ny, L. Maryniak, P. Fraisse, e. Flament, M . Dufrenne, J. 
Bouveresse, M. Laffranque, J. Larrue, A . Domini (Italy) , 
M .H . Otero (Uruguay). 

ATTENTION! BOOKAHOLICS 
--- Calling All People --

We jus top e ned a n ew books/or 
in the Santa F Shopping Plaza, I WO doan from 
NOTSOM Flot am. We are well tacked in 
Paper back and Hardcover. 

w lik look rs but need a few book buyen. 
)( ) 

Glencoe Book Store West 
423 Santa Fe Drive 

Santa Fe Plaza 
Encinitas 4360133 

P;onper W>.-BOOO 
R (' g . $549.95 $419.50 

ony TR-603i> 
Reg . $199.95 $179.95 

LA JOLLA ~lL ISIC 
t t 28 Wall St. La Jolla 459-3375 

, P' M M ,. M ' 

Catch 22 
Ed Donovan 

About twenty years ago, Joseph Heller wrote a novel 
called Catch 22. It was based on th(' supposition that AI my 
regulations favored you, was al\'lays there to be your 
undoing. 

This year on the November ballot is a new "Catch 22" 
which is known as Proposition 22. Its supporters say that its 
purpose is to set up secret ballot election procedures so 
that farm workers can elect a union of their choice should 
they so desire. "Catch 22" in this long and Involved 
document, which can only be understood by or with the 
help of a lawyer, is that, yes, procedures for elections are 
established, but all the voters in those elections are 
disenfranchisd . That's right , elections, but no 
voters.- This incredible proposition , which is called the 
"Agricultural Labor Relations Init iative" is purported to be 
helping migrant, seasonal workers. So it begins by defining 
an "agricultural employee" (11 40.4d) as one who has 
worked for a particular employer "for at least 14 workdays 
during the preceding 30 calendar days" and who has 
worked as a farmworker "for at least 100 workdays during 
the preceding calendar year." The workers who have 
come to a ranch for a week or ten days of work before 
moving on to another ranch as migrant laborers would not 
be "af:lricultural employees" (Then what are they, farm 
machinery?) and would have no vote as to whether or not 
they want a union contract. The families of full time 
workers, who make up a major part of the work force 
during peek seasons would also be disenfranchised. Yes, 
that's the way to help migrant, seasonal workers' 

But the authors of this proposition don't stop there. 
After all, there are still some who would have the right to 
vote. Remember, we are dealing with the rights of migrant 
workers. So they add another qualification (1151) that a 
worker "who has voted in a valid election shall not be 
eligibl to vote in any (other union elect ion) In the same 
geographical area for a period of 12 months " I can't find 
how they define "geographical area", but I am sure that 
we can trust the Governor appointed board (1146.b) to 
define it to everyone's satisfaction. Just think! If you are a 
farm worker, and during the course of the year are part of 
a labor force which works twenty ranches in a particular 
"geographical area " then you can have an election to 
unionize one ranch a year. It will only take you twen y 
years to hold votes at all the ranches. 

However, the migrant worker shouldn't worry that it will 
take years for him to get union recognition. If thiS 
proposition is passed he might as well forget the matter 
entirely, start shuffling his feet and get adjusted to hiS 
slavery. Because no matter how hard he tries to qualify 
himself to vote in an election to unionize hiS Industry, he'll 
lose. Check 1150.4b. That 's the one that reallv socks-it-to-
em. "The date of such election shall be set at a time when 
the number of temporary agricultural employees entitled 
to vote does not exceed the number of permanent 
agricultural employees entitled to vote." That's right The 
vote will be held when the migrant labor force IS not 
around A great way to set up union election for migrant 
worker . 

And just to top if off, it IS the employer who prOVides the 
list of qualified voters for this non-election (1151 .4). a list 
which "shall be held in confidence by the board until the 
time of election." 

For years the powerful agricultural lobbies have seen to 
it that farm workers received none of the protection 
granted other Amer ican workers. They have been ex-
cluded from all national labor legislation. ow as the 
migrant poor have begun to achieve a small measure of 
success in their efforts to unionize, thiS same agricultural 
lobby has come up with a new tactiC: set up Union election 
elections, but see that no one can vote In them. 

I believe that Catch (I mean Proposition) 22 IS an evil 
piece of legislation, evil not only in what it attempts to do 
to the migrant workers, but evil in the utter disrespect that 
its supporters have shown for the voter of Californ ia. Do 
they think that , knowing the history of the oppre slDn of 
farm workers, we would just accept it whn th~y tell u that 
their legislation is to protect the migrant? Do the think 
that we can't read? The deception involved in this proposi-
t,on demonstrates a complete disregard for the initiative 
process and our system of state government. 

AI the eerler 

GHILD'S PLAY THE EFFECT OF 
GAMMA HAYS ON 
MAN-IN -THE· MOON 

M."·"'<'~ No ..... Plavmo 

Viotence lnd terr.r lurl in the 
hallways of St Ch.r'e ' Boys 
School. Grippinq drom l inter-
spersed WIth wry humo . 

A curlOI !ol" fu \-
yrt n' tf'r t ' 
touching Jr"mo 
Winner cf ~h~ N " 
Drom" Crd ~ A.'I'¥.lrd 
ond th .. Pu ~ t;-pr Pmp 
for dr.m~ t'l71 

Page 5 TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 



NOW THROUGH MONDAY 
A ROCK AND ROLL WEEKEND 

IIKEEP ON ROCKIN" 
REVIVES THE ERA OF CHUCK BERRY, 

JERRY lEE lEWIS AND MORE 

PLUS 
liTHE T AMI SHOW" 

A VINTAGE ROCK 'N' ROLL FILM FEATURING 
ALL THE GREATS OF THE 1950'5 

7:30 - 9:15 - 11 :00 

NEXT TUESDAY IS HALLOWEEN 
COME WATCH 

SPOOK CLASSICS 
THE BEST SCENES FROM THE ORIGINAL 
DRACULA, FRANKENSTEIN 

AND MANY MORE 

GIANT 3 FEATURE 
Pre-HALLOWEEN 

" HORRORTHON" 
SATURDAY NilE-OCTOBER 28th 
"WE'LL HAVE ENOUGH FRIGHT 
TO SCARE YOU ALL NITE!" 

THE THREE YOU'LL SEE! 
"LET'S SCARE JESSICA to DEATH" 

AND 
'PREMATURE BURIAL" 

PLUS 
"TALES OF THE CRYPT" 

ALL IN COLOR AND RATED PG 
GATES OPEN AT 8:30-EXIT: 5:40 AM 

NOTE: 
COME IN AT 8:30-SEE OUR REGULAR PROGRAM 

"EASY RIDER"& "GETIING STRAIGHT" 
AND STAY ALL NITE FOR HORRORTHONI 

ALL 5 FEATURES 
FOR JUST 
$3.00 PER CAR! 

·SNACK BAR OPEN ALL NilE-

Del Jlar Drire-I n 
Via tlp /a VailI' flntl Slr'l'f'WI 

. o/ana Bf>(lrh 755·87.) i 

~o-......... 
CI~~,"A L~() 

•• , C.,. --'1 I \,'~ I II C C 
()L[) Mt)VI~§ 

Jlullj"w()od RplJue 0/ J 929 
Bust,.r K,.alon Norma Sh"an'r 

Joan Crawford 
-PLUS-

Th(J Broadway MpLody 
Char/r'.f King 

Anita Pagr' 
Sund~y Matin!'!' I Stud nt Oi!Kount 

BOI Offic~ O~I'", at 5:30 488-3353 

TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 Page 6 

A LETTER TO LINDA 
copyright Greg Moser 

went to the small bedroom. 
The closet was open and 
hollow . Ther e wa s a 
sleeping bag coiled in it. 
There was a large double 
waterbed, half-covered by 
a sheet, looking like an 
aquarium with the slanting 
five-o'clock sun beaming 
down through the water 
from a high, narrow win-
dow. 

probably Bill coming to 
t ake more furn it ure . I 
opened the door to a fully 
surprised young face 
peering over two large 
paper bags of groceries. 

at a race track. I wrote for 
an underground weekly for 
a few months . Then I 
became a fire·fighter In Los 
Angeles. They kept moving 
me around fi Jm station to 
station. lots of nice coun· 
try around . You go to the 
mountains any?" 

The memory of the 
movement of someone's 
arm, a phrase, a face, some-
times emerges from the 
obscurity of my mind to my 
thoughts. There it waits to 
peek out at quiet moments; 
then to come fully alive, 
instantl y evoking nostalgia, 
or hate, or past sorrows. 
Then it tw is ts away , 
scattered when I am dis-
tracted. But for an instant 
the image lingers, the at-
mosphere of the moment 
captured. The reason and 
.:i rcumstance of the inci-
dent are long gone. Only 
the flare of emotion 
associated with it remains. 

For a long while it was a 
girl's face, carried around 
just beneath my forehead. I 
remembered her after 
seeing a model on a bill-
board advertising Danskin's 
leotards. It was the face that 
set me off. The gi rI was a 
childhood friend and when 
I think of her, classical 
warmth and happiness 
swarm around in my 
stomach and spread soft-
chocolate love all over. Her 
face was one of those 
petite, pert English faces 
that royal women 
equestrians are supposed to 
have. She had a high 
narrow forehead, dark 
brown hair and blue eyes. 
Light freckles arched high 
on her cheeks and across 
her short, sharp and up-
turned nose. She had a 
naturally beautiful mouth. 
It was thin-lipped and it had 
appeal without being sen-
suous and reddened like 
Latin women's . 

I n the moment I kept of 
her she had just discovered 
something which delighted 
her and she pointed at it 
and smiled. Her eyes grew 
wide and her eyelashes 
blackened where they 
crossed at the corners. Her 
mouth broadened and 
opened without fear, ex-

panding to a full and hearty 
d isp lay of merriment. 
Demure white English teeth 
that su pped on mutton and 
ate muffins and drank tea, 
shone in the pride of hap-
piness. It was a smile of 
clear mirth that is 
sometimes hard to find ex-
cept in youth when it is 
more likely to be real and 
therefore boundles s. 
Boundless because it is not 
induced chemically, nor 
forced socially. It comes 
f rom the deep well of 
wonder, not yet repressed 
or abused, that is inherent 
in children . 

Her name was Linda. One 
afternoon I was si tting on 
th e cliffs above the ocean 
near where I love, with my 
bicycle lying behind me. I 
was enjoying the wind and 
the smell of salt. Far below I 
watche d a mound of 
seaweed being placed in 
different shapes by each 
sweep of the white water 
over the canvas of sand. 
The green mass formed a 
duck's head. There was a 
curtain of foam . It became a 
teardrop . Whoosh, it was a 
man sprawled face down. 
O ver the sea the wind 
made random patterns and 
glassy patches that looked 
like letters. But today they 
spelled no prophecy. The 
sun reflected brightly off 
the limestone below me . It 
reminded me of those 
famos white English cliffs I 
had read about. I wondered 
how pure and white they 
really were. 

These cliffs were rather 
brown and studded with 
thick layers of water-
rounded stones. 

Suddenly I thought of 
her. Her flashing eyes and 
her band of freckles . A 
breeze suddenly buckled 
and twisted . I was elated in 
it and transported for a mo-
ment. Then I developed an 
insatiable lust for richness 

that had never been . I 
wanted more, much more. I 
began to feel the longing, 
the ache that is Ihe result of 
too many wonderful op-
portunities stretching 
ahead, or beautiful days 
that have already passed. 
The longing moved to my 
viscera to dwell and 
smolder there. No thought 
or memory could smother 
and cool it . Where was she? 

A letter, I thoughtl I must 
write her a letter as soon as 
I get home. I rose and 
hopped over to my bicycle, 
very pleased. 

The dirt mixed with sand 
under the wheels was un -
stab le and I spent much 
energy in turning the 
wheels through it. Large 
rocks were hidden here 
and there. Manhandlinghe 
bicycle to suddenly swerve 
around them stra ined me. It 
dented the rims when I 
missed. Once on the road 
again I was exhausted, but 
the pavement was smooth 
and easy to glide on. My 
skin was soo n com pletely 
dry . 

She had an English ac-
cent, not a very strong one, 
but she would never lose it 
no matter how long she 
lived in America. I 
wondered where she had 
gone after my family and I 
moved away. last I visited 
she was still there , but that 
was such a te rribly long 
time ago that I felt sure she 
must have moved. After all, 
she must be as old as I. She 
will be grown, too. 

Maybe, I dreamed , she 
will still be at her old ad-
d ress, or it could be 
forwarded to her. She will 
be delighted to hear from 
me, having secretly ad-
mired me while we went to 
school together. She will 
write back that she just 
happened to be planning a 
trip to California at the end 
of the month adn ask if she 

Barefoot Baby 

. can come to see me 
day or so. I' ll a gr~e . 
come. She will be 
It will be a cautious 
at first . But after a few 
of constant conversat 
she will decide to stay a 
days. Soon our love 
appa rent to us both . 
will whisper, "How fo 

My palm wiped a 
of white chalk from 

old handrail. I left the 
leaning on the balcony 
went to open the door 

shades were drawn at 
windows. On the door 
roommate had left a 

nate that you chanced See you 
write me," in her sharol'l"nmnrrn'w. Talked to Bill 
British accent and then i rr and he says you can 
me again. We will be his flat tonight. He's 
each other's arms for to a bigger place 
rest of the night. to the campus so 

Gloriousl I sped h won't be a lot of 
pedaling furiously, ri rniture. He says if 
good form: pedals isn't a bed you can 
balls of my feet, shou the sleeping bag in 
down, tail up, stroki he closet. They keys are 
evenly and quickly With here behind the shut-
legs. Thanks a lot. 

And in the sun her Jack 
Valiant-cut hair had was visiting from 
hint, a touch , of ey. 
redl I remember it! Bill's I found the key 

Past the mailbox I opened the place up. 
up a driveway onto walls were vacant ex-
sidewalk and then up for light squares of 
walk in front of the where pictures had 
where I live on the ,~cu"_,,. The cement floor was 
floor. I picked up my It had been 
and slung it against my . There was a 
The white painted on the floor and a 
bu woodenly and pad next to it. I 

I had never slept in a 
waterbed before. I sat on it 
cautiously, waiting for a 
sickening squish that I 
didn't hear. It undulated 
gently. I was going to enjoy 
the novelty of it. 

I remembered it wa s 
dinnertime. I went to the 
cubicle th at was th ~ 
kitchen. Th e refrigerator 
was, of course, empty. But 
after a careful search of all 
the cupboards I finally 
found a jar of chopped 
olives. 

This I took into the living 
room. I sat on the floor 
beside the telephone. I 
pulled the pad of paper 
next to me and thought 
about what I should say to 
linda - my half-forgotten 
two-second film . I wrote 
down a few sentences 
telling her who I was and 
not to be shocked. I assured 
her that my sex life was fine . 
I told her I was not crazy 
and please to take me 
seriously and answer me. 
Maybe she would be glad 
to know that I slill 
remembered her. I hoped 
her life was already nice 
enough not to need by ap-
preciation to build her con· 
fidence. Every few minules 
I would stop involuntarily 
and recall how her nose 
wrinkled, or the sapling 
breadth of her neck. 

I was lingering at the 
middle of the second page, 
spooning olives into my 
mouth with two fingers and 
trying to figure out what 
else I should say to a girl I 
hadn't een for years when 
I heard a stealthy fumbling 
in the lock. 

I went to the door. It was 

Beyon - Charles Hyde 
If I had attended the hear a was enraptured throughout : enthusiastic 

sermon, I would have h~elaJ olnt,'rl of the music, enthralled with the power, 
San Diego's Off Broadway Thealer is If I had gone solly enamored with the beauty. Mr . Fox 

presenting now through Nov. 12, Tab believe I would also responded to this encomium by playing 
Hunter in Neil Simon's comedy hit, pOinted. But I went to at least siK encores, varying from a slow 
"Barefoot In The Park ." pletely Bach, played ona choral prelude to the preambulum in E 

The show is a realistic yet ridiculously tric organ in SDSU's to an amazing piece played solely on the 
funny charade of the adventures of a Monday night. pedals. 
carefree pair of newlyweds as they set up The performer was The audience reaction in general was 
housekeeping in an antiquated plete showman, a p dictated by the nature of the piece, 

"Let me give you a 
hand ." I took one of the 
bags. He followed me to 
the kitchen. He looked very 
relieved and tired when he 
finally set his bag down on 
th e counter. Then he went 
out the door again and 
came back with a back-
pack. 

"So, you've brought me 
dinner." 

"This is Bill Farr's apart-
ment, isn't it?" 

"Yes . I'm M I' ll 
only be spending this one 
night here . looks like you 
have provisions for quite a 
while." 

As I put the food away he 
expalined that he had come 
for a vacation on the beach . 
Bill had invited him, he ad-
mitted with a grin, late in 
the evening at a party when 
Bill had had too much to 
drink . His name was Tim 
Pother. 

He had shoulder-length 
blond hair and wore round 
glasses. He smiled frequen-
Iy, often almost winking as 
he sat on the sink watching 
me sleadily as I put food 
into the refrigerator. His 
eyes were luminous and 
intense . 

I put two frozen pizzas in 
the oven and we went into 
the living room. I sat in the 
corner by the telephone 
where I had begun my 
letter. He walked 
deliberately to the far cor-
ner of the cement floor and 
sat down cross-legged. 
Then he smiled. He was a 
few years older than I. He 
had a very new·looking 
face. It was glossy smooth 
and pleasing. 

" How long is your vaca-
tion?" I asked. 

"As long ·as I want," he 
said, stroking his hair 

" You ' re not working, 
then ." 

"No. For a while I worked 

"I like the ocean." 
"Too bad. We could have 

gone packing together." 
He winked . 

"What else have you 
done?" 

"Oh, various things." He 
talked about selling tie-
dyed shirts and scarves in 
New York, about the 
progression of pop groups 
from before I ever listened 
to radio . Apparently he had 
been a drummer . A 
number of his friends, 
partners he called them, 
were still musicians. 

We were interrupted by 
the oven buzzer. We sat In 
the kitchen and ate . 

He seemed tired of 
talking about himself so I 
talked about college. I felt a 
little ashamed talking about 
th classes I had taken and 
the parties I had been to. 
He had never gone to 
college. Everything he 
knew, and he knew a lot, he 
had learned in the streets. 

I was pleased that he had 
turned out to be such an 
amiable companion . He 
was a rare kind of person 
who had the time to be 
interested and involved in 
everything. He was so con· 
tent to roam from one thing 
to another that I admired 
him. I had always wanted 
just to get through college 
and law school and go into 
practice . It hadn't seemed 
to me that there was a lot of 
time to waste. He said I was 
In too much of a hurry. I 
told him I couldn't help 
being impatient. I liked 
competition. 

"I'm sick of it," he said. 
" Do you remember the 
Doyle Company case?" 

" It was about trees, 

Greenwich Village apartment located an who loves to play, and ran gin g be twee n pand e m 0 n i 0 us 
eKhausting five flights of stairs above I don't know if the cheering and stunned silence. We had all H Th t 
ground level. Described by the NEW concert with Revelation been presented a verdant forest of sen- ome ea er 
YORK TIMES as a "bubbling, rib-tickling any new ears to Bach, sations touching much more than our, UCSD Theatre, the recently completed theatre on the 
comedy" during its three and one-half entire audience silent a ears. As I walked out after the concert, UCSD campus, is launching its "inaugural subscription 
year run on Broadway, the Simon saga is the glory and m not only did I have a sense of total season" this week (Monday, October 23), offering a full 
complicated by the bride's mother and an Technically, there ca tharsis, but I felt a joy that was clearly season of productions. 
over-friendly, odd-ball neighbor from the - the "Toccata" and depicted in all the faces around me. We For the first time, season tickets will be available, 
attic above. extremely sloppy in both had been immersed in Bach for several offering the publiC a reduced season rate - four major 

Also appearing in the six-member cast it was probably the mo~ hours, yet all we could do was talk Bach, productions for the price of three. The new theatre IS not 
will be Gloria LeRoy as the mother, Frank cert I've ever attended think Bach, sing Bach. Any concert that large - only 200 seats - so purchase of a season ticket 
Loverde as Victor Velasco, Gerald The congregation of does that has to be successful. assures a seat for all productions. 

awrocki as the telephone repair man and r~~~~~~~]~[==~~i!~!!!!!!!~~ •• iiiiin Season tickets for four productions are $7.50 for the Tony Vaughn as the delivery man . Set general public and $3.75 for all students. Single perfor-
credits go to Glenn Holse, with costuming Presently at the mance tickets are $2.50 for the general ublic and $1 .25 for 
by Trina Grieg. Carter Center Stage all students. Subscription forms are available through the 

Performances are schedul d Tuesday winning play, "The UCSD Drama Department located at the theatre, 203 
through Saturday nights at B:30 p.m. and on Man-in-the-M oon Matthews Campus, or by telephone at 453-2000, X2491 . 
unday evenings at 7:30 p.m. Matinees are Winner of the 1970 UCSD Theatre, under the directorship of Eric Chri tma , 

set for 2 p.m. on Saturday and Sundays Critics' Circle Award and will draw this year on the talents of an eKpanded faculty 
through Nov. 12. for Drama in 197' , Mal·IK •• U"~S and the addition of a new department chairman, Dr. 

...... _______________________________ -; a small, fatherless Arthur Wagner, former theatre department director at 
make a life in a Tulane University. 

Film Features 
On Monday, Oct . 30, the Campus 

Programming Board will present as part 
of their continuing Monday night series, 
"Johnny Guitar" by Nicholas Ray. This 
off-beat psychological western which 
features Strong women who monopolize 
the final shootout was once selected by 
27 French critics as th b st west rn ever 
made. Showing along with "Johnny 
Guitar" is "The Pirate", a Vincent Minelli 
film, starring Gene Kelly and Judy Garlan 
in one of th b st musicals of all time. 

Kelly is a swashbuck ling clown who woos 
the mayor's daughter under the nose of 
th blood thirsty pirate Macoco . Sing 
along with Bluebea rd. 

Showing tonight is " Rosemary's Baby" 
with Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes. 
With it will be the Mike Nichols and 
Elaine May satire, "Bach to Ba ch." Films 
for both nights begin at 7: 30 in USB 2722 
and cost 50 cents. " Ros mary's Baby" will 
show again at 10 p.m. 

Widowed and with The first production of the season, scheduled to open 
desperate moth er is Friday, Nov. 10, is Van Itallie's "The erpenl. " The play, 
e lderly boa rders directed by Wagner, will run for six performances, Nov. 10, 
daughters, one a <pnIStlI1,. '1 , 12, 16, 17, and 18. "The Serpent" is a "ceremony" which 
seeking r cogn ition in explores the Book of Genesis and relat s it to our modern 
project and the other experience with an eloqu nce and power which have 
blossoming epileptic. earned it recognition a a milestone of the new American 
dim, but the drama is drama. 

Assad Kelada d · In January, Dr. Floyd Gaffney, Associate Professor of 
has designed the Drama, will direct two black drama piece : " Day of 
Carole Marget Ab ence" by Douglas Turner Ward and " Clara ' 01 Man" 
debut as the moth er, by Ed Bullins. This doubl bill presents contrasting views of 
Eleanor Auerbacher th world around u : the first play offering a farcical 
Students may pu approach to the black man' role in America, and the 

s ond a brutall netratin lice of merican lifl'. 

WE t-tAVE: wrs CIF WINE 
~ L..OfS OF c.HEE£ .... , . 
TERRtFIC ~CM/t(HE:.S r ~ 
corknchuldar 

1412. CA~INO"DE-L VIAl::. ( IJE)(,-~ I v's) 
DE.L • 75'5 - 1236 • 6U~, 

Alex deRenzy's A p,. .. n,od 'or th. FIRST TI ME ' 
An In depth probe of 
Amtflcan ADULT F ,1m Produc tions 

H ISTORY F~atu,.nq all tlm~ c laSSIC' n lhf!lr enlln~tv THE NO E STORY 
, OF THE THE JANITOR )~-." CANDY BARR 

\\ \~ I ~ 3)1 11f R SMART ALEC ~2r ) 0~,·L£ EVER READY 
/ ' I \ MOVIE CREEPI G TO~ 

.J I A D ORE I 
~~~o----~----------

. - ~~.,~Y~ ..... Fllmeod entlrel), on locallon 
IP- 11 I": al and during Oenmark I 

a new appr mOlt conlro,erSl.1 Self Fa.r 

~~~=MOVIES 
Eric Clapton 
Ginger Baker 
Jack Bruce in 

an hen" and I h~Jr CillOI' reature- or (In(' uf Rod ... :l't!31C"'11 ,'Ut'u ll' 
Dl Ihrl' 

I'''Rl:wlll (,Ol'lCERT" TUE ROYU ALBERT H .~ll " lO'tl(1l'. 
tht> Ii"" flmC' thf lhrt'f' r .. cr prriomu·J trl{!('th(,l (nntalfl'lli lhr I nn~ 
\("" '011' ,Ir ·'\ohm.' Room' "Sun~llInC' of Ynur L .. ,c", " \\humlu! 
' I !11 f ' Glad and ml"" of ,hC'1r oth(,r hit" Allhou"h tht'n' arr 
hner IRttt\'lC," wllh uch or Ihe pcrrOllnef,\. mimI, theft 1\ untntcr 

rupl~d d"n!lImrt mu" of uch hl!!h ~ IUIlIII~ JIIi: 10 (,J~'h ",nk. .hl\ 
film "llh " \h1nlern Po"," and "~UOd'itHd .. ' 

THE 2 nd ANNUAL 
HALLOWEEN COSTUME 

Y 

Trick-or.:rreats and Passes 
to people in costume. 

waterbed& NIDDLEARTH 
r8nrllpc=; 

GOTOTHE BESTCOSTUME! 
ACADElWY 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Page 7 TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 



c.c. Team Faces 
Biggest Obstacle: 
Academic Pressure 

The Cross Country team 
has run into a real 
roadblock th is season that is 
difficult to surmount: 
academic pressure. Two of 
the top runners on the 
team have already fallen 
over this obstacle, and as a 
result the team is under-
manned and may not be 
able to score in any future 
meets. 

The problem was 
demonstrated last Tuesday 
when UCSD ran against 
Pasadena College and the 
Tijuana Technical Institute. 
Fielding only four runners, 
the Tritons placed first, se-
cond, fourth and seventh. 
According to Coach Skief, if 
the Tritons had fielded one 
more runner, even if he 
had placed last, UCSD 
would have won outright. 

But with only four runners 
San Diego did not have any 

placed second in 27:11 and 
not far behind was Mikp e 
Sosa in fourth with 27:19. 
Fred Sorenson rounded out 
the field taking seventh in 
18 :49 . Tijuana did beat 
Pasadena College in a close 
run 26 to 29. 

Coach Skief tries to instill 
a philosophy of "personal 
gain" in his distance 
runners, but still has a 
feeling of being let down, 
which under the cir-
cumstances seems quite 
understandable. The team 
has tremendous potential 
and this year could become 
one of the powers of the 
Southern California 
District, but not with 
runners dropping out so 
that a full team cannot even 
be fielded. 

This Saturday the squad 
moves up to Chapman 
College to compete in the 
Orange International, 
hopefully with a full squad 
which will enable them to 
take a spot in the team 
standings. 

Rugby Rears Its 
Sweaty Brow 

It will be just another week until the stnech of blood, 
sweat, mud and stale beer wafts across the UCSD Rugby 
Field .. Starting the year's festivities will be a general 
meeting to be held at 7:30 p.m., Thursday, Nov. 2 in 2A 
2402. Hig hlighting this meeting will be some films of good 
rugby from New Zealand and some of a mixture of good 
and bad from UCSD. There will also be short explanations 
of the game and the year's activities to all the new players. 

The team comes back from last year's highly successfu l 
season with the loss of very few but highly active players. 
Lost will be the high stepping knees of "The Mad Scalped" 
lieborn, the shifty runs and graceful drop kicks of Trickie 
Dickie Duncan, the quick and probing feet of "Hooker" 
Branch, and the ingenuity of steady John Ringwood . 
However, even with these losses the Triton Ruggers 
promise to be better than ever with the return of such 
youthful veterans as "Expanding Disc" Ostrap, Butterball, 
J. Spaghetti "the Porkle Man," Wally Gator and the 
ubiquitous Rugger Dugger. And not to be left out, the 
geriatric ward of Huber, "Tootie," Waterzoo, Sertic and 
Sudden Sam Slick. 

In response to popular demand the club will field three 
full teams this year to accommodate all players of all 
calibers. A repeat performance of last year's phenomenal 
record will be hard to match with a much tougher 
schedule . Heading the tough opponent list is the perennial 
national champion UCLA. Highlights of the season will be 
each of the post game affairs and perhaps a Tour to British 
Columbia, weather and dollars permitting. 

All those interested in participating in a bit of mayhem 
this year should be at the Nov. 2 meeting or sign up with 
Margie Smith in the PE Office. 

Recreation Plans 
Halloween Dance 

The Recreational Assistant s are still working to put on 
fun, spirited and amusing activities for all members of the 
UCSD community. Already this year Robin Becker, Bernice 
King, Darlene Lethin and Ron Scott have sponsored a free 
cook-out at Scripps Pier and the very successful Sea World 
college night. UCSD had the largest attendance out of five 
other schools. Sea-Deucer, the school's frog, was a success 
in.the first annual frog-jumping contest, as he hopped in 
third. Over 280 students took advantage of this low-cost, 
fun-filled evening. 

Next on the agenda is a costume Halloween Dance 
which will be held on the Harbor Excursion Cruise Friday, 
Oct. 27. The dance band Stark Weather will be playing 
from 6:30 to 12 p.m. Tickets are $2.50 per person or $4 a 
couple. They are now available at the PE Office. Be sure to 
buy your tickets soon for the boat has a limited capacity. 
The Recreational Assistants hope you will wear costumes 
to add spice to the occasion, but they are not necessary. 

Any questions regarding events such as these will be 
answered by the Recreational Staff at Ext. 2282. 

low Tide 
.SunseI6:20 

A.M. P.M. 

Sat. Oct. 28, 4:23 4.0 2:42 
Sun . Oct. 29, 4:32 4.4 3:11 
Mon. Oct. 30, 5:15 4.9 4:36 
Tues. Oct. 31, 5:56 5.3 5:44 

A.M. 

5.3 8:37 
5.0 9:34 
4.8 11:00 
4.8 11 :57 

HiSh Tide 
Sunrise 7:09 

P.M 

3.2 10:19 
2.9 10:24 
2.3 11 :15 
1.6 11 :56 

Sunrise6:17 Sunset 5:10 

Sunrise 7:13 Sunset 6:1. 

[ 'M 
Wed. Nov. 1, 6:25 5.7 
Thurs. Nov. 2, 6:54 6.0 
Fri. Nov. 3, 7:31 6.2 

P.M. 

6:38 
7:24 
8:05 

A.M . 

4.7 
4.7 12:32 
4.5 1 :01 

P.M. 

12:42 0.9 
0.8 1 :25 0.4 
1.1 2:00 0.0 

Recreation 
Announcements 

The gym floor is being 
reserved every Monday 
evening from 7:30 to 10 
p.m. for Coed Badminton . 
Competition is open, so 
grab a partner and go on 
over for a little play at your 
own level. 

Fencing 
Badminton 

Attention all st udents, 
grads, faculty and staff! The 
fenci ng club will meet Sun-
day, Oct. 29 from 7 to 9 p.m. 
in the dance room at the 
UCSD gym. At this time 
Round Robin fencing bouts 
will be held. The club has 
equipment, but if you have 
some of your own, please 
bring it. For more informa-
tion contact Barbara Han-
son at X2426. 

Surfing 
Provided there is a swell, 

on Oct. 28, th is Saturday, 
there will be an interclub 
contest to se lect our com-
petition team. Anyon e in 
the surfing club can enter, 
but only members who pay 
their dues will be eligible 
for competition in th inter-
collegiate contests. 

The site will be picked on 
Friday and EDNA, the infor· 
mation center, will be able 
to tell you where it is or 
isn't. The number is 453· 
EDNA or you can call 453-
1969 for any other details. 

The Contest will begin at 
7 a.m. 

Tennis 
The Tennis Club will be 

holding their weekly round 
robin play this Sunday, Oct. 
29, on the Muir Courts. The 
matches will take place 
between 9 and 12 a.m. and 
everyone is welcome. 

WE DELIVER 

team score. Those athletes,.-_____________________ --. r--~----~--_C 
that did run ran only as PER?6C'P COMMUNITY 
individuals, and their places BLOOD BANK 
did not count toward any 
team standing. GOUE* 327 F. Street 

On the brighter side was A YS DONOR 
freshman Mike Bergkamp • A perfect explanation of ,:,ab Yum. Which is the f . 
who while winning the perfect place to buy stuff like antiques, beads, pottery , or servIce 
ram, set a frosh record over books, candles, jewelry, leather goods, paintings , 
the UCSD course with a stoneware and utensils for your kitchen. Fall by and buy 
time of 26 minutes and 21 something. 3780 Mission Blvd . in Old Mission Beach. 
seconds. The old record, set Ph . 488-3521 . 11'30 am to 5 '30 pm, Tuesday thru 
by Bob DeLeonardis, was Saturday Closed Sunday Of IClr< ~ 'Ull) 
26: :2 3. Chuck Crumly & Monday Jlll);/ ~ 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

Ph one .453-6.455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

NEED MORE FREE TIME TO DO WHAT YOU WANT1 
. . 

LIVE ON CAMPUS! 

SAVE COOKING TIME-EAT IN THE CAFETERIAS 

ELI MINATE YOUR TRANSPORTATION PROBLEMS 
Walk to Classes, Gym, Library, Post Office and 

Recreation Areas in Ie s than fiv minutes. 
John Muir and Third Coli ge Apartments hav a f w 

spaces available. Se Dean CI 0 Malone or Dean Sidney Gla 5 

LIVE IN THE DORMS! 
For Dorm Space - See Evelyn in Housing Administration Building 206 M,e. 

TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 Page 8 

into th(> bed. The Uti- i~ b l;"~ 0<.1110 of disregard 
dulations subsided swiftly. for consequences that we 

continued from page 7 I dreamed of Linda again. find Tlost disquieting about 
wasn't it?" The strange sensuality of McGOVERN# Hi~ proposals 

"Douglas firs. The Doyles finally came to trila, most of the night deepened my im- for withdrdwing troops 
were a family of five the evidence collected was pressions of her. I watched from Europe convey thf' 
brothers who got permis- mine. Some young lawyer her face changf'. Her clean impression that he 
sion to cut timber in Se- from the D.A.'s office took ch eks rose high and full as think·. more i~ 10 be gained 

A Letter To Li nda 
(]()m~"tBP SI-III ~ic"s .... 

esma & Buchbinder 

quoia National Forest. They the c·se. At the murder trial she smilf'd. Her features from goodwill than from 
Well gang, it looks like we blew it royal last week as the were supposed to thin out the Doyles were acquitted . assumed a very proper and power , more from un-

San Diego Chargers were easily crushed in the metallic turf one of the larger groves so Reasonable doubt the jury Fnglish-nanny counten- ilatercd arlion than from 
of Detroit. But never fear kids, for our season record the bigger trees could said. In the endhey were ance as shf' strolled, vpry (areful step-by-step 
remains pretty good at 4-2, good enough for first place in spread out. Then they cut fined five hundred dollars controlled, down our old negotiation with an adver-
any division, save the AFC East, which this year is in- the whole grove down . for misuse of public lands . st reet. She had not much of sary. McGovern protests 
disputa bly dominated by the Miami Dolphins. So much for Every single tree . And they Five hundred dollars! a figure, but fine and well- that he is not an isolationist. 
filler. took the biggest trees from " I got drunker than I'd tapered legs. Most of her No, hI" isn't, In the narrow 

This week's games shou ld prove to be quite exciting, all around ." ever been and spent that beauty, though, was in her sense of the word, but he 
especia lly the first one, Dallas against Detroit . The second "Doesn' t someone watch night under a railway face, So mature, it wa~ a can fairly b deSCribed as a 
game - San Diego and Kansas City - may involve the them?" b rid g e p u kin g and young face whose propor- man whose interests are 
ultimate fate of the AFC West. " Right after they started watching the rats play in the tions couldn't change as chiefly domestic and whose 

When the Cowboys meet the lions on Sunday, look for a Dave went to see them. He ga r bage throw n fro m she grev older; they were tendencies are clearly in 
hot defensi,'e struggle. That's where the key to this game was the forest manager and passing trains." He was a I re it r' y so rl I" Ii c it t f'1 \' the isolationist tradition . 
lies. Theteamthatholdsoutthelongestondefenseshould a partner of mine. I found smiling as he finished , (olltinu ... J.?I!'pag~10 When he says "Come 
carry the day with relatively little trouble. One turnover out later that he told them speaking without hatred . Home America," you have 
could decide the game, it seems to be so close. The to cut only the trees he'd He held the incident in a continued {r'l "page 5 to take him at his word. 
offenses when spured to action, should not last too long marked or they'd have to cheery kind of scorn. His McGover'1 IS weakf'st There IS, at th end, the 
under the strain of the opposition defenses. But leaver. Layoff, they had attitude,mandtheimageof where Mr. ixon IS intangible but important 
neverthe less, when all is said and done the Cowboys told him, or they would him holding a nighttime strongest-in the percep- question of leadership. 
should come out on top , a little worse for the wear, by a give him something to get conference with happy rats tion of the nation 's place in Since hiS nomi nation, 
touchdown. mad about. Screw you, he peering at him in the dark the world . McGovern has shown 

After five weeks on the road, the Chargers finally return said, and told them he was seemed so ludicrous, that The d(>fense budget is himself to be uncertain 
to San Diego Stadium Sunday, where they will meet their going home to call the area horrible as it was, I had to big. It always needs close about his own Ideas and 
arch-riva ls the I(ansas City Chiefs. Look for a lot of director. Somehow he laugh. scrutiny. It may very well indeciSive and clumsy in 
offensive action in this one. Neerlless to say, turnovers will didn't get through and no We talked until I decided nee d cult i n g . But the handling of hiS cam-
probably continue to hurt the Chargers as much as they one knew anything was to get some sleep. "Oh! We McGovern 's proposal for paign. 
have all season. But their defense (am I joking) is wrong for a long time . His get a waterbed," he said drastic cuts indicates to us Mr ixon, on the con-
remarkably improved this year over the past several year's cabin was in an isolated when he saw it. He seemed that he does not unders- trary, in the Presidency has 
units. It now seems that what was on one of the best spot and he was always as pleased as I was. tand thf' intimate shown a capacity for 
offenses in the league is now one of the worst. Oh well, traveling around anyway. "I've a Iwa ys hea rd relationship between a growth and a willingne s to 
you can't win em all, and right about now that's exactly "I was in the area the y' r e re a II y co m - strong defense and a strong change when conditions 
where the Chargers stand. But fortunately, that's where because of a big forest fire fortable," I said. foreign policy. It IS demand a change The 
the Chiefs stand too. so I decided to visit him for "Yes, they are. I'm going becoming an unfashionable SALT agreement IS a monu-

This game, although it involves two relatively mediocre a weekend. He was dead. to take a shower." cliche to say that worlrl ment to his first term in 
teams, could decide the fate of the AFC West. For instance, Christ, what a chainsaw can " Okay, good night. " I pea c e de pe n d s u po n office. His approaches to 
if Oakland loses to LA and San Diego beats Kansas, then do to a man. spread the sheet over the American power, but it is the Soviet Union and China 
San Diego would move from third place to a tie for first, "By that time the Doyles bed, stripped to my shorts true. McGovern's defense in the name of peace are 
with Kansas City dropping from second to third . had disappeared. The and lay down. The bed cuts would. if put into already bearing fruit. He 

Anyway, the game should prove to be quite exciting. government didn't seem responded to me in gentle effect, send to the nations was bold and d cisive when 
The teams seem to be for the first time in a long time, too interested in finding waves. It was a strange of the world, especially to the co n d i t ion 0 f the 
evenly matched. It could go either way, and that 's exactly them, so I went after them feeling. I felt like I was dizzy the Sov iet Union, the do m f' s tic e con 0 m y 
the way we go: Odds on Favorite-EVEN. myself. I told the police and in sleep and dreaming. The message, unmistakable and df'manded boldness and 

Postscript: For those of you who detest the Chargers we the FBI w hat had shower drummed steadily. clear, that the United States decisiveness. 
apologize for predicting so many of their games, virtually happened. It took me a Warmly, a breeze from the was pulling back from the For the voter who seeks 
ignoring the rest of the league. In the future, we hope to month to locate the Doyles. summer night strayed down world as well as Vietnam. reasonable answers to pre-
be able to give you an insight to the rest of the FL# It I wrote to the newspapers from the window. I was Such a sif(nal could have sent problf'ms, the chOice 
really does exist. Enough said . about the case to get the hardly aware of Tim, clean the most dangerous con- in 1972 is clear. The limf's 

ublic interested. When it and fresh rolling quietly seauences. r('commends the reelection ~ ...................................... "iili""ilii"""" ............................................... of President ~Ixon 
Journey to Ixtlan by CARLOS CASTANEDA 

by 1 he Author of The Last Lessons of Don Juan 
"Conve rsation s 

with Don Juan " 

and 

"A 
Separate 

. Reality" 

UnlVfRSITY 

Cloth Only 
$6.95 

BAUAIIEAICAAO 
Store Hours Mon-Fri 8-4 

Sat 10-2 

I n this powerful and extraordinary ne\\ booL Carlos 
Castaneda bring~ to an end 1m account of the teachings 
of Don Juan . It i, a unique record of Ca~!aneda's inilla-
lion into the mysteries of son:er) of becoming "a man 
of "no\\ Icdge"-at the hands of onc 01 thc mo~l remark-
able pcr on:llitic eYer to emerge from anthropological 
investigation . Don hlnn, the Yaqui hruJo (~orcercr) . 
Don Juan's profound lIl~ight into the nature of th ings 
and his deep. dl,turbing "nQ\\ledge of human nature 
made COII\'crlllliol1s \1'/111 DOli Illall and.j ('parale 
Reality Immediate cia"lcs H IS brooding. powerful and 
vivid pre cnee has haunted. perpicxcd and illuminated 
the live of everal hundred thousaml reader. 

This book and the le5~ons Ca taneda has given u' 
represent an equaily awesome l11an·el. a vision of the 
world that i. both a literary masterpicce and a g:l!C\\:l) 
to a new and more profound way of thin~ ing about our-
selves, of living our own live .. Po t < _'Iti~t . adventurer. 
triumphant victor vcr his (". ,car. Carlo astancda 
ha written in loume\' to I:a/an " book that completes 
the cycle of Don Juan's teachings, and is destined. like 
its prcdeees ors. to be an enduring clas ic. 

CHom SUPPLIES GIFTS GRI fTt G 
CARD. ART UPPLIE 

VIT AMI S HEALTH FOODS 
OFTW RE U DRIE 

FLORAL D SPECIAL ORDER 
. [RVI L 

Page 9 TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 



Linda ... 
bal anced. Sh could only 
be loved. It w a such 
p.l5sionate dreaming. 

I was too lux·lriously 
(lm nolent to wake up 

w'en I felt bare toes against 
th e soles of my feet. I wasn ' t 
al"rt enough to be ticklish. I 
opened one vee. It was 
m xning. Tim was on his 
sk,e lying, nak d, with his 
head propped up on one 
hand, his elbow deep in the 
mattress. He miled at me. I 
closed my eyes and lay 
there. Toes touched my 
feet again . I pretended to 
be asleep. J-1e laid his thigh 
against mine. He wasn't for-
cing, only plaYing. I turned 
over, moving his leg away 
and faced him. Isuppose at 
that moment I looked inno-
cent - or expre ionle~s. 
He took m\ hand and 
placed his fingertips to 
mine Then he slow" 
~pread his fingers, mine 
following every move as he 
rotated and circled hiS 
hand. 

"Up north," he aid, 
"there's a place where they 
u e this as therapy. The~ 
teach people how to touch 
and trust others. The object 
IS for you to close your eye 
and tr, to follow my fingers 
with your, just touching 
the tipS'" 

I closed my eyes and 
followed. It was a strange 
thing, the way he touched 
me. He possessed me, but it 
was not unpleasant or 
dominating. I liked and 
trusted him, but I could not 
understand. I wanted to 
lea~e the room, but I did 
not want him to roll back 
"cross the bed and sleep. 

"Another exerCise they 
use IS to touch the other 
per~on's eyelids, and he 
yours, and do this." He 
massaged my eyes gently. It 
was all very soothing and 
ethereal. When he stopped 
I turned on my stomach 
again and closed my eyes. I 
waited qUietly. He laid his 
legs down the length of 
mine. With his foot he 
rubbed mine. His hand 
stroked and tickled at my 
side. I lay rigid. He was 
serious. There was no su r-
prise, no stimulating tickle 
in his touches. They felt like 

continued from page 9 
leaves dropping or my own 
scratching. I could not res-
pond to him at all. Even 
when I am examined by a 
physician I usually can't 
control my laughter, but 
now I la y motionless. Arms 
absolutely at my sides I 
waited for his next move-
ment. My muscles twitched 
tight. After orne minutes 
he took his hand from my 
side. He rolled away. It was 
morning. I lay still for some 
minutes - two, maybe fif-
teen. Then I relaxed and 
rose to sit on the bed ide. 
"I think I'll get some break · 
fas!." I padded to th 
kitchen, finally feeling the 
cold of the cement. 

There was coffee cake on 
the breadbox. I took it into 
the liVing room next to the 
telephone and squatted 
down. As I ate I looked 
down at the half-finished 
letlN on the pad. I could 
hear the shower hissing In 
the bathroom Please don't 
think I'm crazy, Linda, my 
love I had to communicate 
with you. I have to hold on 
to you 

Tim came out after a 
while. He was dressed and 
looked sleep}, but he 
smiled. He went to the 
kitchen and returned with 
hi arm in a box of cereal. 
Once he had seated him-
self beside me he began 
reading the pad in my 
hands. 

" I'm sorr}," I said, "This 
is a personal letter. " 

He topped chewing for a 
moment, nodded and 
looked toward the window. 
"It'~ gOing to be a beautiful 
day," he said 

"Yeah. I think I'll go take 
d ride." I went to the 
bedroom to get dressed. I 
was buttoning my shirt 
when he appeared in th 
doorway. He watched my 
hands. 

"I guess you didn't feel 
like snuggling up last night. 
I'm going to cook some 
eggs, want some?" 

" Thank you, but I think 
I'll ride around a bit before 
the world wakes up." 

" Okay. I don't know why 
you're in such a hurry, 
though." He left me to 
finish dressing. I could hear 

nnouncement 

him unzipping his pack, 
looking for a pan . From the 
front door I called out, "See 
you. " 

"Sure,m" he replied 
opening the refrigerator 
door. 

I remembered the letter 
and rushed to th e 
telephone and ripped it off 
the pad . Then I left. 

I used to try to finish that 
letter and send it to her. 
Once I even put it in an 
envelope and put a stamp 
on it. But the moment 
pas ed and I decided to put 
it away again . I still have it, 
but the postage rates hav 
gone up. I guess I'll ""'ver 
send it. 

announce 
ments 

TT[ TION' Ih" j, lor all 
of you ~tudl'nt; who stili 
don 'I know \\h~t tIll' Muil 

ColIl'~1' Council i; . Thl' 
CounCil i, a ;tudl'nl-facu", 

or~JnlZallon whose' ~tJt('d 
lunctlon i, "10 over~1'1' all 
d'p('cts of thp undf'r-
gradual l' ('ducal Ion In Muir 
collegl', dnd all aspect~ of 
lif(' In th(' 1'01/('1:<' a, thp\ 
,i~nifi( dntly a(fpct the qual· 
Ity of that educallon." 
Thp counCil I, pm powered 

10 mak(' appolOtmf'nts 10 
UnlvNslly commlt\pes, allo-
catp money from th .. vpnd-
109 machine funds, and to 
makp general policy af-
f('cting Muir Col/f'ge. If you 
arp J Muir student and 
n('PO 'u pport for a pro/l'(t 
or an Id('a, if you would II~(, 
'omp hf'lp in finding r('-
SOUf(('S, or If you're just 
Int!'rf'st!'d 10 MUir Col/ege, 
drop by the (Qun(il's of-
f,(' In th!' low ('f MUir com-
mom (npxI to the tu· 
df'nt', Edu(atlonal Chang(' 
dno Development CpnH'r). 
If you ran't make that , (all 
('.Ipmion 2516 or conlan 
the' D('an's Office (10/27) 

U"IDtRGRADLA TE 
CAlIFOR"IIA STATE 
SCHOlARHI P "VAIL. 
ABU 
Manv UCSD ,Iudpnts art' 
re"p'Pnts of this award. We 
bt'lieve many more Me 
pllglble, but are unfamiliar 
with the requirements and 
appli(ation procedures. All 
Eili:lhl(' Studpnt; Should 
Apply Immpdiatp/y 

] 
] 
] 
] 
] 

Ancient Mediterranean Research Association 
SEMI'NAR AT SEA 

A Scientific Inter-Disciplinary University Level 
Inquiry and Research Course 

Dedicated to the Search for Ancient 

cATltAJtl'lS 
] SUMMER SESSION 19 73: JULY 9 thru AUGUST 11, 6 semester units 

] 
COURSE APPROVED BY: Pepperdine University, Los Angeles. Calif. 
COURSE DIRECTOR: Maxine Asher 1 6 FULL WEEKS : $2,850.00 - Enrollment limited to 150 Selected j Students- Educational Loans Available 
INCLUDES: • FULL AIRFARE TO CADIZ AND RETURN • ONE WEEK EXPEDITION BY SHIP TO 

PERMEATE GEOLOGICAL STRATA UNDERSEA AND PHOTOGRAPH ARTIFACTS • SIX 
WEEKS INDIVIDUALIZED STUDY & RESEARCH. INTERNATIONAL FACULTY. TUITION 
PAID· fiRST CLASS HOTEl AND THREE MEALS DAILY· MEDICAl. DENTAL AND 
COUNSELINC FACILITIES· ALL BOOKS AND INSTRUCTIONAL MATERIALS. SCUBA 
DIVING , SPANISH AND PHOTOGRAPHIC INSTRUCTION· CDMPLH£ SOCIAL , CUl 
JURAL AND TRAVEl PROGRAM FOR All AGE LEVELS. 

] 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT: 

Maxine Asher, Director 
ANCIENT MEDITERRANEAN RESEARCH ASSOCIATION 

n 16661 Ventura Blvd., Suite 424, Encino, Calif. 91316 
, bE )e 

TRITON liMb: October 27 , 1972 Page 10 

Eviction Agreement 
continued from page 3 

Int\,I ('stl'd arl' .l,kl'd ." ('<.III Ellen .JollIIs"n 
:11 4~!I - lili~ III' "1'('1 I Lamllth(' at 4!l4 -i!J'I . 

TillS call bl' a tcmpOl'arl' ,olut I"n 
AITOldln/! lu [)iln Ul'ild\ . a Ii(lUSill/.! 
consult ani \\'ho <lttpnded tilt' nl('('tillg. a 
lon(! ·ll'rm ~()llItlOn would bt' the pUl'chast'ol 
land In La .Jolla <Inti bUlldllll.' 01 iltl 
apanllll'nt buddln/.! . 

Th,' m')I1, '\· 101 Ihe land must be dUIlJtt'd 
Tht, hlllldlllg ('uuld 1)(' ItnHn{'ed h\ privat,' 
and t!U\('IIlIlWtll Iunds In su{·h a ~\a\" thai 
thl' H'lltS \\(H1ld 1)(' \\Ilhln thl' lam"Il's· 
ab"It\ to pa' Ulml\ ',.11(1 su{'h J bu"ulilg. 
whwh (·ould also al"m tli(' tenan" til 
l'\('ntualh !('nt toown could be budt In Il'SS 
thall " \('al untll'r til{' prODl'I 
t'II"<,Ull1stancl'S 

11(' said tIl(' llIlam'!('\', Illight el'ell ,hu\\ a 
prolll ,litl'1 11\'l' \ 'ars I'rosll(·cts lor slich a 
prOll'l·t S('I'II11lnllkt'h at pn'. ('nt 

QUAI/riCA 110 : 
1 Composlt!' GPO\ dnd SAT 

~mre of .11 lea;t 1900. 

S.F . and Fantasy club 
will meet Monday Oct 
30 at 3 p.m . in Lower 
Blake Lounge to discuss 
plans to sponsor a SCi Fi 
film festival Win ter 
Quarter . We will also 
talk about plans to bring 
Doug Trumball to 
campus to speak. 
( 10/27) 
placed lOl?d / 72 

Europe-Israel 
EAST AFRICA 
~Iudenls Ilighis In('xrwn"v(' 
"IllJo{"nf ramping IfllJf ~ 
Ihroughout [uropp, R" ".1 
and Mexico OffiCidl .or,\ 
agpnt for intN-[urop,''''' II 
dpnt charter flighl', II1rl",' r~ 
'VI.ddle EaSI and r dr r,l\1 ,I, 
d,·nt Ski lours. furopl'dl IJ I 
'or purrhase ,ystpm 
CONTACT: tSCA, 1168" 'I" 
V",( ('nl" Blvd, No. 4. 1 , 
C aliI 90049. TEl: (2130 B'h 
5669 or 826-0955 

2 r lI1,lncial need b,l\l'd on 
dnalvm of P,lrents' Con· 
fldential Stal!'m!'nl mu,t b(' 
d!'mon;lrat!'d by all 

~emifinali,ts 

PEACE CORPS - VISTA 
IN --rE R VI EWS 

Th('sr award, ar!' now 
worth up 10 $600 per year. 
tudents who qualify can 

thus r!'duce thp" education 
debt. It i .. Important that 
anyone eligible submit an 
application to the Financial 
Aids Offi("e before 

Qvembpr 6, 1972, for the 
1973-74 J(ademic y(,M. 
(10/3) l 

Appl.r lodaX Iilm Ihursda.¥" /or ovr'r 700 
job calt'gorif'.\' 

Ub,'ral Art.r Education 
"vl~r.~·in4 Fisilt'ri('s A C 

IIlath ("wner's Ph ys ical Educalioll 
III/ormation and Application s 

Revelle Commons 
<) am-3 pm 

o C! 0 ~ca 3 Q -..t~.<n.~ w,tWI 2 
HT AlA.ln.H 

.... ,...... It ' I'~ one! 
po o-'..g~ .• """""'lh,ott.ho...Io. 
.r ......... _.1,. 

.wor epD" I !"O:><"'ICQ. Q"'ev-a'~. 1",1 "f~ .• 
01" _tl 0 " .d.OI"' "ltd Ilati,,,,,,1 
Of ,,"'p,lfing lob. 

r"'Ul.P(NC') IH[P}o;ONf 
DATA. INPuT SYSTEM, 

rulPHor~f DATA ItHOII, • 
COSl f5 T 1"\lUES, COSt 
"C IJTJtA. CTS. 
I't:Of[SSION-'l YII:\i [5, 

"1H<;'Ut TIN ':. 

False economy: 
A threat to America's inest 
higher education system. 

Can this happen to California's 
great universities and state colleges? 

Is it too late to reverse the trend? 
Every VC, state and private 

university and college student 
knows that the present 
administration is diverting tax 
money to other purposes at the 
expense of higher education . 

(( .. , University of California President Charles J. 
enjoyed by millions of union 
members. 

Public employee in 21 other 
states and in many California 
cities and counties al-o have that 
right, but not California tate 
employees. They will have their 

H itch claimed that low salaries had destroyed 
faculty morale, and many top-level professors 
were leaving the University for better.paying jobs. 

As a matter of record, many 
departments have been reduced 
and, in some cases, entirely 

In addition, he charged, the vacancies could not 
be filled." - CITY NEWS SERVICE Magna Carta under Proposition 1.5. 

eliminated. President Hitch of 
DC confirms that many top 
faculty members have already 
fled to greener pastures, 

Governor Reagan likes to put the 
blame for campus unrest on the 
administration and faculty while, at the 
same time, making it impossible for 
them to operate effectively. 

A positive reply. 
Now, those of voting age can answer 

in a po itive way, 
You can protect the quality of your 

own education by supporting a 
reasonable and logical answer to the 
political games that threaten to destroy 
a great educational system. 

You can work for, and vote for 
Proposition 15, the State Pay 
Amendment, on November 7, 

Los Ange\e ,Jan. 21, 1972 

Takes politics oft'the payroll. 
Proposition 15 will remove politics 

from the state payroll once and for all. 

Proposition 15 makes the tate 
live up to i own commitment in 
Government Code ection 1 50, 
cal1ing for parity pay, and 
Gov. Reagan' own campaign 
pledge of 1966. 

Does not raise taxes. 

Recommendations for pay scale will 
follow study by skilled wage analy ts-
a scientific approach, not a meat 
cleaver approach. 

Finally, these recommendation will Best of all, ab olutely no tax increa, e 
become part of the state budget, but is required by Proposition 15. The 
still subject to legislative review and State General Fund nmv ha an 
approval. unappropriated urplu of more than 

$560 million - far in exce of the 
Ends walkout threat. S75 million or Ie needed to take care 

Employee walkouts? That threa t will of any and all adju tment in tate 
be a thing of the past under pay level . 
Proposition 15. There will be no 
reason to walle Salaries will be at Stop the destruction derby. 
parity. All other disputes will be ettled Let's stop wrecking our state 
by voluntary, binding arbitration, the universities and colleges with cutbacks, 
method used by progressive labor· pay slashes, and phony saving ! 
management across the nation, Talking Don't turn our campuses into 
is much better than walking, intellectual desert: ! What's 15 all about? all f ·1' 'th th h· to f You are amllarWI e I , ryo What you can do. 

Proposition 15 is not one of the collective bargaining in the American 
emotional, glamour issues on this year's labor movement. After a long and Faculty and other campu personnel 
ballot, but as a student, faculty 1 have endured this abusive treatment bitter stmggle in the 1930's, col ective long enough. They were the most likel,\' 
member, or support service employee, b .. b b . . ht -

al'gammg ecame a aSlC ng tar!!ets of a Governor looking for new it is of critical importance to you. ~ 
Proposition 15 will see that faculty h I way to puni h . tudents. You can help 

members, other college personnel, To save our se 00 5 to make your profe .. ~rs and ot!1 . r 
and 115,000 other state employees • 'I college en:plo~ee fil t·cla , c~hze,n. 
receive the same average pay retain our best professors agam. !ou~~nhelpto letUln 
as others doing similar work 'I our u~lversltIes and col1 ge 
in private industry, or at com- I-eep our colleges strong to theIr former tatu~,. _ parable col1eges and universities. K! ••• Work for PrOp?Slt lOn ] 0. 

Did you know that UC salaries now I.ote YES on 15 . Pass ou t Pro po. ltIon 15 
rank 75th in the V nited tates when they .~ htera ture. Vo.t~ for T '" 
u ed to be among the top ten? State Pay Amendment Nov. 7 PropOSItIon 150nNO\·. I. 

Southern Cali fornia 
Co hairmen: 
Dr. Forre8t C: Weir, 
Corneliu8 (;, Dutcher 
Northern Californi a 
Chairman: 
Roger Kent 

Californians for YES on 15 
Dr. AIt.'S I), 1\lniH linn J1pl(lr It C'hnf'on Mr .. Huth I If.tmmn Ilun .John \\ I ,vnc'h ::u:'t' I~rh.lr~ fjlo.ln" 
MN .. John\'" It .ntlett Nnnnun('nrwill ~1r .... 1,('(\ II,r,h Ch.,rlf'~T 1.1Oi\tt ,;';" 1'\ I~'·t·t"ml 
Elmer Uclt, ~1,1J. Dr I) ('lIfTonl (rIl1l1nl1t' Elht'ri T Ihul..;on l)r. Ilnr.'l M' '-= \1.IV"," IIlf i< ">.;.1;,1:'11 t'1 
Bon \V.JIt,lm M . HrOlu·tt H:lhhl AI"'1I1 F,"~ MN .• John E. f-Iut['hln '-'Oll Hon .John ,J MllI{'f f~r tlt I l~'tllrt II I ~, Gordon lilftJp l\fllttltl GllIlR J)r .)o ...... ph K~l.'n I)r \1 IKut'1 Mun"·.... \ n~h .f'fy,£t·l{ ('I V (-Jon . 1'110010'" Brf.ldlt'y . ]Jon Alt'"'( P . (,arc1it J Ion \Vnlt('r uwhHtn tlnn Hoil 1\.-1orf'l1i J n J ~tV I ' In .. 
lion . Y"nnn(" \V Hr.llhw;ut(" IIIHl , Htll (;n'4'ne Ht'\I ,Julian K(,I-.c:'r l't>hUJIM Nnkutl1Urn 'It ,,'"I f1l-!' lt"','", I I 

, . '. 1>r HolW'rt B IlpHOJ ( ' '\.1 { Ma(" l I..:lN'n Dr ,' ulian "N.,,,',, nn, .f ..... In \. wV ,;, 
Hon. \\ dh~ Hro'An, • r SI,lcr Kathlei'n I.UCIU 1 JIM 

Officially endorsed by the Democratic Party of California 

lh 1'111111 S~f'i,r ... 
}{IIIl \1.\;, !'-oIN,'1 
H,'\ .ll1hn {, ~lfnmco" 
l'lovcl'" Sr.tnf"I,ll • • '\1 n 
linn (,h,1 rlt· ... \\ .t rr,'n 
IInr:Ut' \\ Iklm 

Jl,~\1t1 ".1'1(\ 
I p.trhal h ... U 

Page 11 TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 



" McGovern , the 
A lideast, and the '72 
f lections" 

~ear Peter Buch, well -
k .10wn speaker on the 
Palestinian struggle 
n,w on national tour . 8 
p .m ., rooms C-F, Aztec 
Center, Cal State SD . 
Sponsored by Young 
Soc i al i st Alliance . 
(10127) 

Danforth Fellowships 
for College Teaching : 
Deadline for receipt of 
faculty 
recommendations and 
student personal 
statements is 10 a m . 
today . For further 
informat ion, contact 
Jean Fort, Graduate 
Studies, Ext 1258 
(1 0 27) 

To all undergraduates, 
especially new students 
- The Registrar ' s 
Office needs your local 
address by Friday,Oct 
27, to send your winter 
quarter reg istrat io n 
materials to you . Check 
at 211 MC or call "IIary, 
x2219, or check your 
provost ' s office to see If 
they have your correct 
local address ThiS 
means less hassle for 
you . ( 10 27) 

saturday 
' La Raza and the '72 

Elections" 
A panel includ ing Olgd 
Rodriguez, a chicana 
fem in ist, and Richard 
Garcia, Professor of 
Chicano Studies at 
Palomar 11 am ., 
rooms C-F , Azte c 
Center Cal State, San 
Diego. Sponsored by the 
Young Social st 
All i ance ( 10 27) 
Saturday, Oct 28 
'Ho w to Make a 
Revolution in the US " 
Hear Dan Styron, 
former leader of the 
Berke ley Free Speech 
Movement , no w 
national leader of the 
Social is t Workers 

lost and found 
10)T: A Ring oml'whl'rl' 
on l'llhpr !\11 1m 01 R("I'II1' 
I dmplJ' drP,1. Colrl·fI .Itl'd, 
\VII" V'.d "Cir,<rn High SII-
nlol"; L!r('{'n Slon(', Inlliclls 
"R. D" V\'nnh nnthill" hut 
h,)s ~fI'''l '>('ntlm"ntdl \,1""' 

.Inri R[WARD Innldll 
'11k" '>mllh ", 4<;3-5\(>3, or 
1 tr)ga I 21 110'27 

r"und T,ulllp'" 
rllUr,. III rnpr rft Iruonl 
1'>'H'r ~-f) t,tli .'77-7100 
'10/27, 

Lost · Dog collar WIth 
license (choke chain). 
Call 7550946 or put It on 
Romu lus If you know 
who he IS (l0/31) 

(HARTfRS Y£AR 
ROUND 

) morf' (Iub fp, ~ I SO 
IJI'Pdft u r('s, also NYC, 
Idrrln & AU\traltd YOUlh 
.. .-~ ,,,rp 11)')'1 IS Te.. I dl'. ), ........ 
121 Bf'vprly Dr , Apvprly 
H,I., . Ca. 90}10, 1213) 275-
61/l0 

BMW 'iAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTOR'; 

1)()1 'io, I It II 
Ocpdmldl' 722-6114 

WI' ~p rvlrp all md~('S 
[lllor('lgn CdrS (10'1) 

announcements 
Party . 2 p .m ., rooms C-
F , Aztec Center, Cal 
State, San D ie go . 
Sponsored by the Young 
So ci alist Alliance . 
(1 0/27 ) 

Halloween Party at th e 
International Cent r spon-
sored by the International 
Club will be held on aI., 
o I. 28th at 8 p.m. All are 
invited for live hoe-down 
music, refreshments, dan -
cing. Come meet the Inter-
national ommunity. 50( 
dona ti on . Co tu mes op-
tional. (10127) 

sunday 
Tryouts and 

organizational seSSions 
for the UCSD Drama 
Club ' s winter 
product i on are 
commenc ng This Will 
be the formation of a 
dramat ic troupe tn the 
style of the commedia 
dell arte All tnterested 
persons will be able to 
enter some phase of the 
troupe. Organlzat ional -
audltions-and-exercises 
to be held Sunday Oct 
29 at 2 i n the UCSD 
Theatre ( beh ind he 
bookstore ) Plus 
surprise construction 
project at 3 30 ! 
Newcomers welcome . 
For further info . call 
Larry at 453-9045 
( 10 27) 

monday 
S. F and Fantasy clu b 
wi ll mee Monday Oct 
30 at 3 p.m in Lower 
Blake Lounge to d iscuss 
plans to sponsor a Sc i F I 
f ilm festival Win ter 
Quarter We Wi ll also 
talk about plans to br ing 
Doug Trumball t o 
campus to spe a 
(10 27) 
placed 10 24 72 

rppfmm the V\HARTOS 
GRADUATE CHOOI or 
AD\II I I TRATIO ,It th(' 
Unlv of P('nnwIVanld Will 
be on c.Jmpus MIlO. Oct 
30 In thp RplIl'lI(' Com 

mon Formal lounge to dis-
cu s their s hool of Fina nce 
and ommer e MBA Prog-
ram. Drop in durin the day 
to talk, ask questioOl and 
pick up literature. (10127) 

A repre enta t iv of 
CORNING GlAS WORK 
of orning, ew York will 
bf' on campus Mon., O ct. 
) 0 on the 6th Floor of Bldg. 
2D, Muir College . They are 
interested in interviewing 
Ph .D.'s or candidate for 
the Ph .D. for r search and 
development pOSitions in 
sucn areas as process and 
engin('ering technology, 
bio-organics, electronics, 
and applied physics. Ca ll 

areer-[ducation Planning 
('rvlc s, ht 2401 to 

se hpdule vour appoint -
mpnt. (1011") 

Seminar Professor 
Richard Posner from 
the Law School of the 
Unlv of Chicago will 
speak on . ' EconomIc 
Analysis of Law, With 
Special Reference to 
Law Enforcement " in 
the H-L Bldg . R m . 1108 
on Tues Nov 7 at 3.30 
pm.( ll 7) 

general 
George Abbot, MD., 
who has recenlly 
returned from Ihe 
People 's Republ ic of 
Ch ina, w ill present a 
lecture w ith slides on 

Cultural Integration in 
Health Care in Modern 
China" sponsored by 
the Sci tech 100 class 
and the Dept of 
Community Med ice, 
Wed , Nov 1 at 8 p.m . in 
201 Matthews ( 10 /31) 

ThC' I~T[R Al R~\[ U£ 
"IR\ICf Will fw on (dm-
r)IJ" Fri. Oc t 27 on Ihp 6th 
F Inor 01 Bldg . 20, ">1111r 
CoIIl'ge to Intpr\ i('w '.lU-
ripnts With an ace ountlng 
mJjor lor po"tions d' IntN-
nal Rl'venue Agent., . Call 

Peace Corps l VISTA 
interviews today 
through Thursday, Nov . 
2. Over 700 d i fferent job 
opportun i ties for 
majors in nursing , 
math / science, liberal 
arts, education and 
physical education . 
Revelle College 
Informal Lounge at 
Revelle Commons. 9 
a.m . to 3 p .m . (10/31) 

Th e Anom a l y Factory 
pre en ts the " Amazing 
Amalgamated Amor -
phous" th is Fr i. and at. at 
8:00 PM. "Amorphous" is a 
multi-sensual theatrical 
maze in which the audience 
is Ir e 10 choose their own 
direC'tion, length 01 ~tay, 
and dl'gree of partiCipation 
Tickpts are avallablC' at thl' 
Ure\ Hall Bo)( Ofti(p or at 
th(' door (257 M ) (11 / 11 ) 

THES IS AND 
DISSERTATIONRESEARCH 

GRANTS A 
small amount of money 
IS still ava ilable for the 
current academic year 
for thesis and 
dissertation research 
grants to registered 
graduate students in the 
Departments of 
History, Literature, 
Music, Philosophy, and 
V isu al Arts . Sm all 
grants to a maximum of 
S300 m ay be awarded to 
individual students for 
purchase of minor 
capital equipment , 
expendable materials 
and supplies, 
photoreproduction of 
research mater ia I s, 
transcription of tape 
recordings , and 
transportation expense. 
Funds are not available 
for computing time, 
thesis or dissertation 
typing, or subSistence 
while traveling . 

These grants are 
des igned to assist 
students who have no 
other source of funds for 
the ir d i ssertation 
research or thesiS 
pro jects Only one grant 
Will be available to a 
student dur i ng his 
career, but the tenure of 

one 

Applications will be 
accepted from 
registered graduate 
students in the above-
named departments 
who have been or will 
have been advanced to 
candidacy for the Ph. D. 
prior to Jan . 4, 1973; or 
who have or will have 
completed a minimum 
of three quarters of full -
time study leading to 
the M .F . A. by the end of 
the Fall Quarter, 1972. 

Application forms are 
available i n 
departmental offices 
and th e Offi ce of 
Graduate Studie~ and 
Research . A student 
should complete one of 
the application forms 
and give I t to his 
dissertation adviser 
who wi" write an 
e vanuation of the 
student's thesis or 
dissertation proiect 

The application and 
eva luation WIll then be 
given to the department 
chairman who wi " rank 
a" applicat ions in his 
department in order of 
priority . Com p le ted 
appl icat ion forms, the 
dissertation adv isers' 
evaluations , and 
deparfment cha irmen's 
rankings mus t be 
submi tted to the Office 
of Graduate Studies and 
Research by Nov . 27 
(10 31) 

"-iovC'mbE'r 1, lq72 is thp 
dpadltnp for rpglstrallon of 
on-tJmpus orgdn"J t ion~ In 
orciC' r to UttillP (,lmrU\ 
f.l( iltti«'. all group, must 
rpg"tpl through the' '>Iudpnl 
1\( I\illl" Office Thp 
proe "dlll (' " IINY 'Imple ,(,p 
'1.1delinp In U,P\ H,llIlolJby 
<lnd ,111' will g'\ you till' 
rpg"tl,lllon lorm Bplng ,I 
rpgi, t('rl'd r,lInrU" Olg.lnl/,I-
lion ('/labll" g roup' to 
rp,p f\ (' 100 m s, p r('~('n I 
speakp" ,lnd ftlm" rNll1('Q 
funding lor Spf'C 1.11 program, 
,In d prpwnt pllblicitv on 
(ampus. (4 1) 

areer-Education PI ~nnlnll 
Services, Ext. 2401 to 
schedul your interview 
(10/27) 

ACTION (Ppace orps and 
Vista) will be on campus. 
Oct. 30 through Nov. 3 In 
the Revell t> Commons In-
formal lounge. The Peac(' 
Corps is interE'st d In stu-
dents with d B. A. (or more) 
in life and Ph ysiral 
Sciences, Business, Home' 
Economics, Eduatlon 
Agricultural Sciences Civii 
Engineering, Math mdtic" 
and Economics. Drop In 
during the day to talk, ask 
questions, pick up IIIPra-
ture and application form, 
(1113) 

The Reve ll e ReSident Hall 
Board has an opE'ning for 
one new student mpmhpl 
Anyone tnterpst('d In Ih .. 
residencE' halls, and r"ldlNI 
ISIU(,S hould apply In Ih" 
Revelle Resldl'nt D('.ln\ 
Office (10 /27) 
U SD rt GaliNY [ ~hlhl­
tlon of repr('sent dtlon.11 
paintings b Barba ra trd'(,11 
and Susan 10vN O(\ f)bpr 
20-Nov mber 12 Hours 
daily 12 -5 and V\ en. 
pvenings 8-10. FiN floor 
Humanities library builri-
IIIg, room 1260. (11/10) 

INDIFFERE cr , CAR[ 
lESSNE , MALI CIOU 
NEll. lA K OF FA I 
lITIES, LA K or AWAR [ -
N[ 5 all add up t o 
IITlERING 
Anyone Interested in I)('inll 
a repn''>('nt~tiv(' of th(' S,w 
Diego Citv dnd County V\M 
Again\! lilt r ommllt!'I' 
plpJsl' ron tart. 

Maureen mith 272-7033 
WE ltTHRAll Y ErD 
YOUI I' 110/ 27) 
ThE' slUdPrlt information 
CE'ntN ED A is now 01)/'11 
to serve the UCSD (om· 
munity. " YOU ne('d 'IU' 
d nt or fa t u lt y phon(' num-
bE'rs, info about on 01 , If 
ca mpus evpnt. rldp" In 
short - A YTHI GI GI P 
ED A a call ,II 453-fD " 
(453-3362) or x1176 fD ",' 
op('n Monda ~ Ihroul:h 
Friddy 9 J m 7 p 01 and (1[1 
Ihe y,eek nds 11 J.m.·S 
r m. Got a qU(,lt ,II/I? (,Iii 
ED A . (Ef) 

advertisements for ourselves 
for sale 

1965 lord Gdl,IXIf'. rl'budl 
trein ')., n(HA tirpc", P'«( £'11 
Ir,In"portdtinn $450 1)1 hC'" 
"tfC'r 75<;_7405 

OXYACETYLE 
WELDING GEAR, BIG 
TANKS, CR AFTSMAN 
INDUSTRIAL SET 
Compl ete S 150. 755-4461 
( 10/ 31) 
DominIon Hot Plate 2 
Burners; one 3 speed 
burner - one, on off 
Good Condition S 10 
Call 276-9808 (10,31) 
V W SQUAREBA C K 
1965 GOOD 
CO NDITION 450 
FIRM, 755 3485 or x1 932 
( 1117) 

CERTIFICATE FOR 
SIS OF GUITAR 
LESSO NS AT BALBOA 
MUSIC WILL SELL 
FOR S7 CALL 565 1403, 
RIL'" \ iG 31 ) 
COMPLETE 
DARKROOM-Durst 
M600 enlarger, plus all 
equip new cond S1 50 
takes all 755 4659 
( 10/ 31 ) 

10 Speed BIke, sao or 
best offer 488 -9029 
(10131) 

ror die FdCtory n1,1Cip 
I'lght trdd tdrl·,.1 110-
hC'dldblC' pric(" ~Irt(\h 
l .. gII. I.H~(' Ii" 01 IItil'" 
.IVdll"hl .. ("II I drrv ,II 453· 
9045 

Akai 150D Tape Deck 
Make offer, 453-6796 
(10/31 ) 

HarpSichord for sale 
S450 redwood Italtnn 
15th cent. style For info 
call Irmelt x1952 or 276 
5877 ( 10 31) 
TOOMIM A LPHA 
WAVE PAC R 1 yr 
old, best offer over S150 
Control your mind Ned . 
753-7850 ( 11 /3) 

services 
1 y f'1 C; f'1 001 '" ad 
R('I"III T. Irtl I"'I""~ Th,' 
r;oQ p,lgl' III I L YN( II 7'; I 
71<;(, (10/m 

I YPINC - I xrl'f/I'OI I'd 
I Bf\.1 1'1f'1 tftC R(',I~() ndbl(' 
r,lll" (,Iii 453-8146 (11 / 14) 

'I III YOLA 7 wf'f'k 
; our'" lH'gll1\ O( I 11 (,III 
'vI,HV 1l,/ldolH 751-2404 
( . flUl) 

IntNstf'd In Primal? rmd 
out Jhout C or(' sp.,,,ons 
D('pp, brodCJ, dnd n,llurd!. 
2% 241 & (11/3) 
Tickets for the Friday 
Nite Films will now be 
on sale in advance at 
Urey Hall Lobby Box 
Office Monday through 
Friday 11 a .m 3 p m . 
Be sure of a seat buy in 
advance. (11 / 3) 

Rala Yoga (meditatIon) 
Instr La Jolla cen ter, 
224-7722 or 454-6692 
( 10/31) 

SUMMER IN 
VERMONT? 
Think Midd l ebury 
College Advanced 
slu dy i n French, 
German , lIallan , 
Russia n, Spanish 
Beginning and 
advanced study in 
Chinese, Japa nese . 
Begin work toward the 
M A as an 
undergraduate Write 
Room 124, Sunderland 
Language Center, 
Middlebury, VT 05753 
(10/31) 

FUT UR E CP A 'S Learn 
how to prepare for the 
CPA exam . Becker CPA 
REVIEW CO UR SE 
CALL 298-7752 (1 0/31) 

Guitar Lessons 
individual instr . S12 mo. 
Robbie 224-7722 (10/ 31) 

travel 

EUROPE, ISRAEL & 
JAPAN . LOW COST 
STU DENT FLI GHTS 
ALL YEAR ROUND. 
SKI & C AMPING 
TOURS . A. I.S.T ., 1436 
S. LA CIENEGA BLVD. 
LOS ANGELE~ CA 
90035 (213) 652-2727 
( 11 / 3) 
EUROPE, IS RAEL & 
JAPAN LOW COST 
STUDENT FLIGHTS 
ALL YE AR ROUND. 
SKI & C AMPIN G 
TOU RS. A. I.S T , 1436 
S LA C IENEGA BLVD. 
LOS ANGELES, CA 
90035 (213) 652-2727 
( 11 / 3) 

wanted 
Will Ih(' dk blu(' Imr.II,) 
Ihat rJn1I1lf'd tl1(' ordngp 
VW Tu('.,u,IY In front of tll(' 
gym rl(',l\(' (on((',,? ,tn't 
afford rpp,l/f' mywll Andy 
755-3 147 (10/27) 
VOlt Irll<., 111>11> 'n 
h"'r III p ,l ll 'n i (f) of! rrp· 
\! h01l1 In o( 1',111 HI',/( h "UI', 

,~., (,M'I (11 II 
Graduate student needs 
ride to Irvine Nov . 2 
Ca II 488·5225 or 223-0868 
( 

Wanted : Cheap b ike - 2 
wheels, brakes, no more 
than 15 dollars. Contact 
Carol - 453-7149 (1013 1) 

VVANTED : If you can 
design and bU ild 
computer hardware, 
analog and d igitd l, 
come see us about a 
part time job start tng 
now. Andy Sturman, 
Ce nter for Hu man 
Information 
ProcessIng, x2019 
(10/ 31) • 

hOUSing 

IIMAlf ROO'vlM"11 
"<FIDrf) 
, harp n('w l -hdrm .Ipl 
'l>751mo. indud£', 1I1t11l11' 
IW.Jtpd pool , dl.,hy" I,h,·

" I trlwltng, p ,lI klng ~ I,III 
( 'ont'le t (,,,, .,MII H, 1 1 7'i~ 
M,lngo Dr #120 , Ik 
" (I <:)2014 or x20H, 
'vl. lr , f 
r u 1 It r , A ,I m 1 P III 
]( '4136 (10'27) 
(,lrI n(,f'CJ\ ndl' l'd" l oW.lft! 
1111110'" (onldCt (1l'(,11 ('2~: 
room 42 I "rgo 11.1" (10 

11'01.11(' rO()ll1mJIt' w,lnt.,t! 
to ,h.tre a 2-hdrm ,IPt. 1/1 
P Il $60 (<111 P,wl,1 .It 271 
809'1 flO / .m 

Female Roomma te 
Wanted to share a 2-
bdrm apt in P B 
S60/ mo. Call 272-8099 
(10/31 ) 

TRITON TIMES October 27, 1972 Page 12 


