
e 

1 
Volume 16, Number i{ J t University of Co/ifornio, San Diego Tuesdoy, May 16,1972 

Associated student · 
government dissolved 

Chancellor William D. McElroy, according to Vice-
Chancellor George Murphy, has decided that the spring 
referendum bas removed both the mandatory membership 
and fee of the Associated Students, and that no attempt may be 
made to ressurect either one for a period of one full year. This, 
in the words of Murphy, reduces the A.S. to the status of a 
voluntary association, if it should choose to register, having no 
different status than any other club or organization. 

Gov. Wallace shot after speech in 
Maryland campaign appearance 

The most significant effect of this decision is to remove from 
the Associated Students the right to participatein University 
governance and appoint students to such (.'ommittees as the 
Program Board, Registration Fee and Student Center, where 
they comprised either half or more than balf of the voting 
membership. 

A.S. elections planned for next week have, of course, been 
cancelled as there is presently no defined membership to vote 
for any officer. The budgetary implications for student clubs 
and entertainment are : about $23,000 less programming out of 
a campus total of about $45,000; about $17,000 less 
communications Board funding out of $31 ,000; and about 
$25,000 less for clubs and organizations (wbich was the total 
sum available to them). Legal aid will be funded through 
October, but its funding after that date will remain an open 
question. 

500 blockade D.M. rails 
39 people were arrested in the wake of an anti-Viet Nam war 

protest which attempted to block the Santa Fe railroad lines of 
the Amtrak station in Del Mar. 

The protest began at five p.m. Friday evening, when 
approximately 500 people met at the Del Mar Park Preserve, 
for what had been circulated through the community as a 
beach party. 

Approximately 200 San Diego County sheriff's deputies were 
also present in the area during the protest. In addition, two 
busloads of Federal marshals and one busload of County 
deputies were reported to be waiting at the Del Mar 
fairgrounds in case their presence at the park was deemed 
necessary. 

Approximately 48 law officers were stationed on the corner 
of 18th Street and Coast Boulevard, north of the park. 
Approximately 22 peace officers lined the hill , east of the park, 
and 32 police officers were gathered in the 15th Street and 
Ocean alleyway . At 6:40 p.m. the officers on 18th and Coast 
began to march toward the park. At approximately the same 
time the individuals in the park began to move toward the 
tracks. About one-third of the individuals present actually 
congregated on the railroad tracks. 

At 7: 15 p.m., the San Diego County Sheriff Department 
helicopter, which had been hovering over the crowd, 
broadcasted a garbled order to disperse . After an interval of 
two minutes, the squadron of deputies moved into the crowd . 
At approximately the same time, nine railroad ties which had 
been placed over the tracks, were lit on fire . 

At this point the officers moved the crowd up Coast 
Boulevard, onto 15th Street, and into the business section of 
Del Mar. A group of protester _ blocked traffic at the 101 
intersection for approximately 15 minutes, during which time a 
green Mustang was reported to have run the blockade, 
breaking a girl's leg. 

Another group of protesters dispersed between 12th and 15th 
Streets, west of 101. At this point the group reassembled on 
12th Street railroad tracks, where they were quickly dispersed 
by the peace officers. 

Groups of protesters began regrouping on several street 
corners. At this point the police began "indiscriminately 
arresting" protesters and bystanders alike . 

By 8: 15, the majority of people present for the protest were 
dispersed. The main . entrance and exits were blocked to 
incoming traffic . The roadblocks remained stationed until 9 
p.m. The Sheriff department's helicopter continued patrolling 
the city until approximately 9: 30 p.m. 

Alabama Governor and 
presidential candidate, George 
Wallace, was shot,.and wounded 
at a campaign speech at a 
Maryland shopping center 
yesterday afternoon. 

One report at the scene said 
four shots were fired. One of 
Wallace 's campaign workers, a 
woman, was wounded in the 
gunfire. She was taken away by 
a second ambulance. -

Moments later , George 
Mangum, a Wallace campaign 
worker told the crowd of 1000, 
" I'm told the police have a man 
in custody." 

Wallace and the woman 
collapsed on the ground near 
the speakers rostrum, where 
first aid was administered until 
the first ambulance arrived. 
The wounded woman was not 
immediately identified. She 

was crying and was comforted 
by police. 

Wallace had gone to a 
suburban shopping complex 
midway between Baltimore 
and Washington D.C., in a busy 
election eve campaign 
appearance for the Maryland 
presidential primary. 

The Alabama Governor had 
planned to campaign in 
Maryland through Tuesday, 
remaining at his downtown 
Baltimore election 
headquarters Tuesday night for 
the returns. 

Billy Grammer, a country 
music entertainer was on the 
platform with Wallace. When 
the gunfire erupted , the 
presidential candidate was hit 
twice, once in the middle of the 
right rib-cage and once in the 
left arm . 

In a meeting last night the Del Mar City Council moved to go 
with a member of the Civil Rights Division of the State 
Attorney General's Office and meet with John Duffy of the 

-Sa. Diqo Slleriff'l i)epIIties makID,I. arrest in lalt Friday's 
Ittempt to block tH rall liDes I. an uti-wlr protest. 31 were 
arrested I. t~e iDcidelt, 

N<;lder-Type P-robe Set by UCSD Students 
"Students have been left with 

voicing their concerns through protests 
and marches for too long. They can't 
do anything over a long term because 
they are split up by vacations, finals 
and the like that cut up the sthool 
year, " according to Lance Muller in a 
SAN DIEGO UNION article printed 
Sunday. The article outlined how 
students on campuses throught the 
country are setting up branches of 
CALPIRG. 

"There's no mechanism for students 
to know what other students are doing. 
That's what this will do. We'll poll 
ouraelvel to find out what we want to 

set up, " Muller continued. 
"CALPIRG ' 5 rules prohibit its 

endorsing of political candidates. he 
explained. Its efforts would be 
centered around issues and cross party 
lines. 

"Once they have written support 
from a majority of students on the six 
campuses, CALPIRG leaders will ask 
school officials to add mandatory fees 
for the organization to those collected 
at reaistration time. 

"CALPIRG plans to begin its first 
project this summer. Four law 
students from USD and 25 CALPIRG 
volunteers will work with the 

consumer affairs branch of the 
federally funded Model Cities Program 
here to investigate consumer 
complaints in Southeast San Diego. 

"Muller said that statewide student 
PIRG 's are in full operation in three 
states: Oregon, with 91 ,000 members ; 
Minnesota, with 75,000; and Vermont 
with 16,000. 

"The oldest. which started in 
Minnesota in June. bas instituted a law 
suit against paper companies charged 
with polluting wildlife preserves, 
puabed for prilOO reforms and lobbied 
for stricter control of snowmobiles in 
mountain areas ... 

" He looked like he was hurt 
pretty bad," Grammer said. 

An Alabama state trooper on 
the platform also was wounded 
Grammer said. 

He said a total of five shots 
were fired . 

Police also said the man 
apprehended at the scene was 
being taken to County Police 
Precinct Headquarters, at 
Hyattsville, Maryland. 

Jack Ingram. a Wallace 
supporter, said the would-be 
assassin, whom he described as 
having short, blond hair, white, 
and about thirty, was a few feet 
from the Governor. 

" He kept yelling. 'Hey 
George! Hey George! ' ... 
Ingram said . 

" The man stuck the gun right 
in his (Wallace 's ) stomach and 
fired ." 

The Secret Service, which is 
responsible for presidential 
protecting all presidential 
candidates declined to give any 
further details. 

Billie Joe Kamp, Wallace 's 
press secretary. said that 
Wallace sustained three major 
wounds. 

"His condition is given as 
critical ," King told reporters 
at Holy Cross Hospital in Silver 
Spring, Maryland. 

The spokesman quoted 
Doctors as saying, " Wallace's 
condition is stable and that tile 
major concern of the doctors is 
a spinal cord injury." 

At press time. Wallace was 
in surgery under four 
physicians. He was reported 
conscious on arrival at the 
hospital. 

Sheriff's Department to determine if any action can be taken in 
regards to the Del Mar demonstration. Councilwoman Jan 
Heinzmann stated she felt there had been a breakdown of civil 
control over the Sheriff's Department during the Incident. 
Councilman Tom Shepard stated that he and Councilman 
Shelver spoke with Sheriff's representatives before the 
demonstration Friday, suggesting means by which the 
demonstration could be handled in a peaceful manner. 
Councilman further stated that their suggestions were not 
followed . 

The Council also voted 3-2 to present a plebicite on the war 
resolution to the voters of Del Mar 

Ticonderoga Demo Tomorrow 
There will be a demonstration against the sailing of the 

U.S.S. Ticonderoga . on Wedne day. May 17 at 6 am. in 
Coronado, at 6th and Orange. 

The .S.S. Ticonderoga . an aircraft carrier . origlOally 
scheduled to depart next January. was rescheduled to leave on 
Wednesday. 

The Ticonderoga, which is eqUipped to lay mine . will b 
going to Viet am . According to a spokesman from the Harbor 
Project. crew entiment is very trongly again t deployment. 

People are being urged by VA ( on-Violent Action). the 
Indo China Action Committee. and the Center for ervlceman's 
Right to upport the demonstration 

Confusion concerning the date of deployment. has re ulLed 10 
misinformation. concerning the day of th demonstration '0 
demonstration again t the sailIng fo the Ticonderoga will be 
held on Tue day. Instead. the groups involved are a kIng 
everyone to be there Wednesday morning. 

Woman dies in fall from Blake Hall 
A woman died Sunday. re ulting from a fall from Blake Hall . 

Barbara Ann Gordon, age 42. died at a hospital an hour after 
her fall at approximately 2:45 p.m. 

U.C.S.D. campus police said that he was ob erved on top of 
Blake for about 45 minutes. 

An ambulance .was near and he wa picked up within a 
minute. She was not connected with the niver ity and it i not 
certain why she came on campus. Campus police 'reported that 
her relatives said that she had been emotionally depre sed. 

Cruiser, needs passengers 
Although revenues continue to increa e (today ' $22.20 i an 

all-time high for a Monday and the da i Iy average is now 
about $25. ). the Coast Cruiser is still in need of new passenger 
riding on a regular basis to bring the operation to the $45 per 
day break-even level. 

Mark Smith, President of University-Coast Transit S stem, 
reminds people that "you are getting the cheapest puncual and 
most ecological transportation av~iltble when you crUise the 
coast with us ... 

" We especially encourage faculty and staff to ride the 
Cruiser at this time so that we can establish enough busines to' 
carry us through the summer. We ha.e extended the 8 a.m. 
arrival to Muir . the Central Library and Mitt.bewi caIflPijS to 
make the service a bit more convement. " 

" I think we are finally getting to the point where people. in 
sufficient numbers, are beginning to see that puhlic 
transportation offers a good solution to the problems of traffic 
concestion. ugly parking lots and pollution ; and those same 
people are willing to forego some of the convenience of auto 
transportation to make tbis solution work." 



( 

eon Environment Debate 
A debate to discuss the pros and COlIS of Proposition 9, the 

"Clean Environment Act" wbicb will appear on the June 6 
baUot, wiD be held in the Humanities-Library Auditorium 
tomorrow, May 17 aU p.m. It is free and open to the public. 

Presenting the arlUments for the Clean Environment Act 
will be Ed Koupal, executive director of People's Lobby. 
People's Lobby is the groups responsible for putting the ini-
tiative measure on the ballot. 

The "con" viewpoint will be given by Ed Butler, former city 
attorney of San Diego and co-chainnan of Californians against 
the Clean Environment Act. 

The debate will consist of four sections : air pollution, water 
pollution, nuclear power plants and the right of citizen action. 
1be initiative covers each of these areas in its proposed 
changes. 

Tom Norris, spokesman for the People 's Lobbby, encouraged 
everyone to attend, stating, " We feel that this is probably the 
most important and controversial initiative to appear on the 
ballot." 

Teacher Preparation Begins 
• The Teacher Education Committee has announced the 
selection of Dr. Hugh Mehan, Indiana University, as director of 
the Teacher Preparation Program to start here next fall. 
Professor Michel Benamou, chairman of TEC, in making the 
announcement said that he hoped the program would 
emphasize bi-cultural problems and curricular innovations in 
the schools, as well as a very practical approach to learning 
how to teach. The relatively strong academic majors which 
characterize UCSD ~Il provide the needed basic knowledge. 

Benamou said that Dr. Mehan was chosen for his qualifi-
cations in a wide range of educational fields . He received his 
Ph.D. in sociology from UC Santa Barbara, and in a short time 
has acquired a national reputation for innovative research in 
socioliRlUistics, elementary school teacher training, and cross-
cultural studies in language acquisition, a crucial factor of 
class-room performance and testing. 

He will visit the campus Friday. All students and faculty 
interested are invited to come to Room 2250, Muir 2D, Friday, 
May 19 between 1:30 and 3:30 p.m., to meet Professor Mehan, 
and to hear about plans for state credentialing of teachers. 

250 Matthews To Go. 
Building 250 Matthews Campus, currently the home for most 

student clubs and organizations, faces imminent destruction. 
To improve access to the Veteran's Administration Hospital 
Gilman Drive will be extended through the south half of th~ 
structure. Until the first phase of the Student Center can be 
completed, the north half of the building will have to hold those 
displaced organizations that do not have other places to go. 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs George Murphy requested 
that the Student Center Committee as·ist in allocating $13,500 
of student funds (not from Student Center fees ) to preserve the 
north half of the building, but included no funds to renovale the 
building for future use. 

According to Fred Fruchthendler, AS Commissioner of 
Student Welfare, and member of the Student Center Com-
mittee, such an action is analogous to the State " tearing down 
your home to build a freeway, then charging you for clearing 
the 101." Individuals and clubs with a stake in the future of 
Building 250. contact the AS, 250 Matthews campus (south 
end !) 

Student Center Approaching 
The final design for Phase 1 of the Student Center was 

approved by the Student Center Committee this week. The next 
step is approval of the plans by the Campus Planning 
Committee. following which Regental approval is required . 
The Campus Planning Committee will meet during the last 
week before finals . The date will be announced later. 

Arter going to the Regents, construction is planned to be 
c.ompleted in fall 1973. The estimated cost of the first phase, 
fmanced by the $6 quarterly sWdent center fee , will be 
$535.000, $1(10,000 of which will come from fees already 
collected, ttie remainder from a Regents Loan payable over a 
IO-year pEriod . 
The StUtlent Center will be located approximately 300 feet 

due east )f the gymnasium, directly south of the soon-to-be· 
construcl:.>d Mandeville Cenler for the Performing Arts . Faci· 
Iities in P!"la~ 1 will inf'lude a new borne for KSDT, a two-story 
recreatior center. an information center, allll ufriCCG for the 
dean of sUd nt aflairs an d student organizaations. Two more 
phases a"e planned to be constructed to expand these 
services. The second phase is currently enlering prl'liminary 
planning. 

The Stlldent Center Committee will next be involved in 
developin~ a governing board for the Student Center 's faci-
lities. Students having thoughts on how the Student Center 
governing board should be organized, or any other aspect of the 
Student Center. should contact Fred Fruchthendler at the AS 
office. 1913. 

Page 2 Triton Times May 16, 1972 

Defense Debate Set for Thursday 
1be debate between UCSD's former tbe receIIt turmoil, but have decided dlaDceUor until last January. He is a 

chancellor, Dr. Herbert York, and that the recent developments in the profeSlOr of physics, author of RKe to 
Staaford's Dr. Stefan Possony on Vietnam war make such a debate OWiYIIa, and is considered by many to 
"Should tIM! U.S. Rearm or Disarm?" more, not less, imperative." He said be one of the nation's foremost experts 
will proceed u scheduled. The debate that he does not expect any disruption on the anns raee. Possony, who will be 
is let for this Tbursday, May II, at 7 or violence! and advised students to lrIUing for rearmament, is a aenior 
p.m. in HL Auditorium. come early if they want seats. fellow at Stanford's Hoover Institute, 

Kevin Olson ICbeduled to moderate YoJ:k, who can be characterized as a the author of several books on 
the debate, ~id that "we had been "dove" to Possony's "hawk," was Communism, and bas worted as a 
conslderin& calling it off becaule of aU UCSD's first chancellor, and acting military adviaor in the Pentagon. 

Student Lobbyists Meet in Sacramento 
In 1971, 6.31 percent of al\ undergraduate expel\Jel were met 

by financial aid programs. Over 60 student lobbyists met at the 
state capitol last Monday and Tuesday to build support for 
current legislation aimed at increasing available financial aid . 

The conference, sponsored by the Student Lobby, 
repreaented three segments : UC lobbyists, state university 
and college lobbyists, and community college lobbyists. These 
segments are separated according to the manper ill which each 
type of institution is funded . 

Unlike stale universities and colleges, and community 
colleges, the UC system is defined in the California 
constitution. This constitutional status renders UC a "fiscally 
independent" unil. Of the billion-ilollar budget, $360 million is 
provided by the State, S300 million is provided by the federal 
government, and the remainder is provided by endowments 
and other sources. The Board of Regents, whose members 
are appointed by the governor for lit-year terms. determine the 
UC financial policy. 

Retell.tiDal or AmeHme.tl 
Because of UC's independent status, the state legislature 

cannot pass bills that directly affect the UC system. The 
majority of legislative measures which deal with the UC 
campuses are introduced in the form of resolutions or 
constitutional amendments. 

A resolution is " the expression of the legislature's feelings ." 
It does not have the legal effect of a bill. In spite of this the 
Student Lobby feels thatlbe decision can be "quite influential" 
on the Board of Regents, who determine the UC spending 
policy. 

A constitutional amendment does have direct legal power. It 
requires a two-thirds vote in both houses of the legislature, and 
approval of the people of the state of California in a general 
election. . 

As a segment, the UC lobbyists present at the conference 
supported the following measures: 

I )A proposed amendment, ACA 56, authored by Meade, 
which prohibits charging tuition to any resident for attending 
any public community c!lllege , state university or college, or 
UC. Tuition is defined in this bill to be any fee which covers the 
cost of instruction, capital outlay, or related expenditures. 
This proposed amendment has passed the Assembly Education 
Committee, and is currently being heard before the Assembly 
Constitutional Amendment Committee. 

To Avoid Out-of-State Fees 
2) AB 337 , another measure authored by Meade, which 

provides that for the purposes of admission fees , tuition , or any 
other fees at UC, state colleges and univerSities , the residence 
of the husband is not , in and of itself, determinative of the 
residence of the wife . This allows a woman student who 
marries an out-of-state individual to be exempt from paying 
out-of-state fees . 

3) A resolution, ACR 58, authored by Miller, which requests 
UC to give greater emphasis to the identification and 
recruitment of low-income students, and to report to the 
legislature on the progress made by 1973. 

The UC student lobby also supports AB 252, which provides 
for faculty salary increases totaling 19 percent. This 
percentage, it is felt , will bring UC faculty salaries within 
range of comparable institutions. 

A measure prohibiting refusal for admission to graduate 
school solely on the basis of sex at UC and stale colleges is also 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES A"';CJ CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF THE AR TICHOKE FRITATIA 

\l ar~CI & Oc1i"at r" cll 
Ca t r rin ~-all -iz(' parti e-

rood 10 go 
:8:33 Girard \H. La Jolla. Calif. ~.jlJ-~ I'J I 

supported by UC lobby . This measure, AB 1751, authored by 
Johnson, also establishes mecbanisms for appeal. 

Jellat s.pport 
1be UC, state, and community college segments jointly 

support the following measures : 
1) BiD AB 1703, authored by Brown, wbich lUaranlees a 

consistent level of state support for Educational Opportunity 
Programs. Limits of state support are defined in this bill, 
providing a consistent base upon which it is felt EOP directors 
can more effectively administer their programs. If passed, this 
bill would provide from a 10 to a 30 percent increase in the 
number of students served by EOP. 

2) Lanterman's AB 1m, whicb proposes to increase stale 
schOlarships awards from three to four percent of the prior 
year's high school graduates. This bill would provide an 
additional 3000 awards for the 73-74 fiscal year . 

Increasing college opportunity grants by 1,000 is the proposal 
which Rbodda 's biD, SB 1~, presents. The COG program is 
designed to provide monetary grants to needy students who 
cannot participate in state scholarship programs. In 1971 over 
8,000 students applied for the available %,000 grants. 

AD 1~, authored by Maddy, proposes a pilot state work-
study program, patterned after the federal program. It 
proposes to provide students, including tbose from middle-
income families, with summer employment opportunities. 
The approximate cost to the state would be $5 million. 

A proposal to create a state-wide committee on student 
financial aid, under the jurisdiction of the State Scholarship 
and Loan Commission, is presented in Brophy's AB %236 . The 
committee 's function is to report to the legislature on the 

eo.t_ed OD Pace 7 

USE ••• 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Serving the financial needs of UCSD La loll a Campus-
SIO - POINT LOMA and the SAN YSIDRO HEALTH 
CLINIC personnel. 

Your Credit Union provides a broad scope of financial 
services designed exclusively to benefit the part icular 
',eeds of academic and slaff members. Office hours are 
from 10 AM to 6 PM daily except on universal holidays. 

• lOW INTEREST LOANS 
• 5'/,% PAID ON SHARES' 
• LOAN PROTECTION INSURANCE 
• PHONE WITHDRAWAL SERVICE 

'Paid last dividend period 

UNIVERSITY' SurE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION 
or UN DIECO 

5555 Mildred St., San Diego 92110 Phone 297-1838 
Each Member Accounllnsured to 520,000 by NeUA 

ATTHE 
Anomaly 
Factory 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AMERICAN AND FOR-
EIGN CARS. REPAIRS 
AND ?OLLUTION CON-
TROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT ml HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (IN THE 
REAR )459-9111. 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETRY 

ATT. 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. (Anoll from Sporll Artla 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED. 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.·Fri. 11 A.M, - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 
latest fashions 
in wire frames 

"Bringing the War Home to Del Mar" 
--

------ ----------

These are people these are other people 

who disagree becomes a crime 

the burning of wood 

while bombs drop somewhere 

f 
• 1 

I. '. ' 

wi th his head held high as Big Brother looks on 

and Johnny comes marching home 
May 16, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



( May 3, 1972 
What do you do? 

EWS RELEASE MUSIC DEPARTMENT 
Theater pieces and audience participation have .. sparked 
renewed interest in concerts. 
Mr. Vooss, What Do You Do? is one of several such theater 
pieces to be presented Friday, May 19, at8 :30 p.m. in Recital 
Hall 409. M. C. In Mr. Vooss, Wbat Do You Do? members of the 
fourth grade. Room 22 Los Penasquitos Elementary School will 
realize their radio station BONE in a laser and mixed media 
environment prepared by Vladimar Vooss. John Mizelle. all 
graduate students of the UCSD Music Department. 
Other works to be performed are Windows aDd Clouds by 
Joseph Julian for percussion soloist. Ron George. UCSD 
graduate student. tape and laser light. and Magnificat by John 
Mizelle a new sacred piece for girls chorus. two soloists. live 
electronics and laser light. Father Fraund. choral director in 
the San Diego school system. will conduct. and Beverly Ogdon. 
who has many concerts to her credi t. and Bonnie Barnell. 
UCSD graduate student will be the soloists. 
The concert is free and open to the public. 

SENIORS 
JiOU rna)' pick up 

)'OUr cap alui gOli'n 
ft.,r commencenlent 
beginning Tuesda..l', 

Mal' 16th -Rental 5.00 
.., 

University Bookstore 
Page 4 Triton Times May 16, 1972 

Bishop 
Moves 

Makes Diagonal 

To .. op .... 
Stoplal1lra 
For a bon.1) does r.ot I .... 

, 

An.erlca', fotll'datior crun.hIes .,.. 
Precious docun.el't, ii' "a,hlralor 
east 10 the "ird 
h' the sterc:h of 18' ar.d .. ole, 
Irr.posed upor lhe ,..111), .... screu.lra 
Ir the .Ireel, 
ForPeece 

The Elvin Bishop Group, with something for everyone -
rhythm and blues, rock, latin music and comedy - will be 
presented in concert at Ute University of California, SaD Diego 
Friday, May 19. 

The group will perform at 8:30 p.m. in the UCSD 
Gymnasium. Tickets are $2 for UCSD students with I.D., $2.50 
for other college students prior to the evening of the concert 
and $3 at the door, and $3 for general admission. They are on 
sale at the Urey Hall Lobby Box Office on UCSD's Revelle 
College, and at the Aztec Center Box Office, San Diego State 
College. 

Born on a hog farm in Tulsa Oklahoma, Bishop earned the 
nickname of "Pigboy Crabshaw" and was called "Crabshaw" 
by his friends . The group also has the nickname of the 
"Crabshaw family." Bishop's folksy demeanor and clothing, a 
set of bib overalls and heavy work boots, portrays his move 
back to the elements of the so-called simple life, although he 
was a Merit Scholar and majored in English literature in 
college. 

Bishop gained his musical reputation playing guitar with 
numerous Chicago blues bands, including Jr. Wells and Hound 
Dog Taylor. His greatest fame came when he worked with the 
Paul Butterfield Blues Band. Among his original compositions 
recorded by the Butterfield Band are "Drunk Again" and "Our 
Love Is Drifting." 

The group began to form early in 1968 when Bishop was 
" jamming" with some of his midwestern friends, such as 
Stephen Miller, who is organist and co-writer for the group. 

Born in Iowa , Miller 's musical roots are in blues and R&B. 
He worked with the late Earl Hooker and Linn County prior to 
joining Bishop. His own album, "Stephen Miller," on the 
Phillips label , was released last year and he is presently 
working on another. All material for his albums is his own. 

Total members in the group range from 7 to 10 and all have 
widely varied backgrounds. Records to the groups' credit 
include "Feel It" and "The Elvin Bishop Group." 

.JnlM ....... c.., 
The boIIts • m hf 
The p ...... "IU be stepped 
EveI')1hi.,. "illilop 
Save for Ihe ... Oty or. .. lr .... Itreels 
"ho J.eeb. Prod .... ... Have Itopped _lsttn. 
Ard are rft ........ .,.. 

-DavId........., 

AT THE 
Anomaly 
Factory 

The Amazing 
Anomaly 

Amorphous 
is coming 

Preview 
Thursday 

May 18 
8p.m. 

NEW FACULTY BOOK AT THE BOOKSTORE: 

y.C. FUNG'S b-Iomechan-Ics 
prentice-hall inc. 

SUMMER MUSIC SPECTACULAR! 

B_ B_ KING 
and 

Special Guest Stars 

ELCHICANO 
OHIO PLAYERS 

FRIDA Y 7 & 10:30 JUNE 2 
SAN DIEGO COLISEUM 

1485 " E" Street 
Tickets: $4 (advance) $5 (at door) 

Phone: 232·4735 

SIX WEEKS Of STUDY AND fUN 
IN MEXICO 

J",ly 9-August 17 
For teachers, high school and college students accredited 
classes in Spanish and Mexican Culture, Music, Art, etc ., at 
beoutiful Monterey Technological College; $425 includes 
tuition, boord, room, laundry and tips. Earn 2 
semesters high school or 6 college credits. For detailsand 
cotalogue, contoct group leoder, Dr . Richard Martin, 
Hollywood, High School 1521 N. Highland, Hollywood, Co. 
or contact student rep ., Honk Steiman, 453·7393. 

BENIN OF AFRICA 

110S Prospect SI. 
la Jolla, CallI. 92037 

(714) 454·0805 
Importers • African Fabrics 

Curios, Arts & Crlfts 
Wholesale & Ret.il 



"Among men as among nations the respect of the rights of others is peace." 
"Entre los hombres como entre las naciones el respeto 01 derecho ajeno es 10 
paz. " 

.. - I -Benito Juarez 

• 

sa'-

Chicano Position on Third College 
Introduction 

Chicano students and faculty have callt!d for the resignation 
of the Provost of Third College, Joseph Watson. As Chicanos, 
we feel that we have tried hard to work with the Provost in 
order to develop an educational program which would be 
relevant to Chicanos. We hfve also tried hani to resolve our 
differences in a fair manner. Yet we find that we have been 
frustrated in these efforts. We find that Chicano student 
admissions are falling behind, and that programs of special 
interest to Chicanos are not being developed. We find that the 
College is following an educational philosophy with which we 
do not agree. We find that our self-determination is being 
denied. Since these are crucial issues, we have prepared this 
paper in order to explain our position in a clear and 
unmistakable manner. 

I. Policy Failures 
There are several areas in which the policies of the college 

have failed to meet the needs of Chicanos, and in which the 
Provost has failed to exercise adequate leadership. Three 
areas that are important to us are Admissions, Funding, and 
Special Programs. 

A.Admissions 
~e original admissions policy of Third College called for 

Chicano representation of slightly over a third of the student 
body., In. order to help meet this goal there was to be a heavy 
emphasis on Special Action students, which means students 
who show high potential but do not meet all of the regular 
a~missions requirements. In addition there was to be a 
vigorous recruitment effort in the bip schools and junior 
colleges to make sure that a larlt number of Chicano 
applications would be received. 
. Unfortunately these policies have not been fully 
Implemented, and the goals are far from being reached . 

Chicanos constitute less than a third of the student body, while 
the other major ethnic component of the college, the Black 
students, have actually exceeded their goal of one -third 
representation. No major effort seems to haye been made by 
the current Provost to correct this situation. 

Applications of Chicanos for next year have been falling off. 
The trend over the last three years bas· been downward. 
OxItributing to the failure of recruitment efforts has been the 
fact that the position of Third College 'Admissions Officer has 
not been filled this year. This position was held by a Chicano 
last year, and his removal can be directly traced to action by 
the Provos t, over Chicano opposition. 

In regards to Special Action admiSSions, Chicanos in Third 
College bave consistently taken the position that admissions of 
Chicanos should take into account the special cultural 
problems that they face in the public schools. In evaluating 
applications for admission, Third College should consider 
potential and motivation and not just grade point average. Th.is 
would facilitate the admission of ,.Ioi, ex-servicemen, high 
school dropouts and Chicanos whose high school grade point 
averages do not reflect their true abilities. The Provost has 
taken no leadership in working towards this direction, but has 
instead followed more traditional standards. 

B. Funding 
Another area of policy failure under the present Provost has 

to do with securing funding for Third College programs. Third 
College has programs which are cap<able of attracting 
considerable outside funding : Science and Technology, Urban 
and Rurlal Studies, Communications, and Third World Studies. 
Yet very little has been forthcoming in funds from fundations 
and other sources for these Pl'Olrams. It seems clear that the 
Provost has failed to exercise adequate leadership in this area. 

Dy way of contrast, College VII at UC Santa Cruz, devoted to 
the interests of minority students, has attracted sufficient 
funds from outside sources to insure a very high ratio of 
faculty to students to cover the first two years of its operation. 
Thil means that students are able to work much more closely 
with their teachPr~ . The situation at Third College of having to 
take so many larle claaes is not appealing to Chicano 
students, and it means that it is difficult to get personal help 
wben there are problems. This also makes it harder to recruit 

good Chicano faculty members, since most teachers would also 
prefer to work in smaller classes and in closer contact with 
their students. 

This failure has also meant problems in terms of developing 
special programs of interest to Chicanos, such as bilingual 
education and community-based programs. 

c. Programs of 
Special Interest 

(1. ) Bilingual programs. The UCSD campus has at present 
over 300 Chicano students who possess skills which American 
universities have been trying to develop in their student bodies 
for more than 30 years: the ability to speak two languages. 
Yet, despite the two year existence of Third College, Chicanos 
at UCSD are still lacking formal programs which address 
themselves to their unique bilingual status. 

For over a decade now the United States Government has 
spent millions of dollars each year to train Peace Corpsmen to 
teach English to the people of the Third World , yet the 
University of California has not seen fit to spend a few 
thousand dollars to improve the English language skills of its 
Chicano student population. 

The same is true of Spanish. The educational systems of this 
country have suppressed the use of Spanish by Chicano 
students in the elementary and secondary schools, only to 
spend millions of dollars to teach Spanish to non-Spanish 
speaking students in the secondary schools and universities. 
Nevertheless, despite decades of suppression of Spanish, most 
Chicanos still have control of the p!ronetic and syntactic 
structures of their native language. No real attempts have 
been made in the University of Califorria system to build on 
these skills. Current begiMing language and literature courses 
at U SO address themselves to non-speakers of Spanish and 
are not designed to improve the ~nlsh langllage Skills of the 
Chicano student efficiently or effectively. 

Third College must take the lead in both effor~ The 
resources of the college must be used for these purposes 
instead of being applied to fund physical education and lecture 

c.t ...... P .. e% 



Authoritarianism; 
Self-determination 

Tbere is a problem at Third College. TIle college, Gnce held 
as a prime example of cooperation aad harmony between 
diffel'ellt ethini<: groups. administrators, faculty, staff and 
students, today has come to know the taste of bitterness. From 
its conception. planninc and grand opening, all parties fougbt 
side by side defending the principles on which it was to be 
founded - the principles of self~termillation and self-
governance. At the time the principles were too radical for the 
rest of the University community and society at large. We can 
still remember the oppositiOil and its vicious attacks to bring 
about the destruction of these principles. 

The harmonious cooperation, made up of the rainbow 
coalition, today is split. Yet surprisingly, it is over the same 
principles on which Third College was founded . Principles 
which were hard earned and which are today in danger of being 
swept underneath the banner of authoritarianism. The lines 
have been drawn. On one side we have a newly appointed 
Provost. who has aligned himself with the Administration (at 
one time his own declared enemy J. in opposition to the wishes 
of a Third College majority, posed on the other side of the line. 
And. in between. we also have a newly appointed UCSD 
Chancellor, who has exhibited a lack of sensitivity to the 
problem and who has not addressed himself to the principles on 
which Third College was founded . Instead, in his statements to 
the press , he denies that there exists any severeness in the 
problem. To note , during the picketing outside his office. he 
marched through the picket line , raised his clenched fist in a 
power sign and smiled. 

Alaillst tH Majority 
There is no doubt that our Chancellor is well learned in the 

politics and diplomacy of his fellow Republican - Richard M. 
ixon, who is carrying out aggressive bombing in Vietnam 

against the wishes of the majority of the American people. 
It is only a minority within Third College that supports 

Provost Watson. That minority has received the support of the 
Black Student Union (BSU) on campus. U weare to believe all 
the leadership qualities altrihuted to Watson, we might as well 
accept him as God. In their tunnel vision, BSU has presented 
its cause and blindly overlooked the contributions and hard 
work put in by the other constituents of Third College in 
developing it as a via hie and revel ant institution. 

BSU has also failed to directly address itself to the problem. 
Instead , it has gone on a " hate whitey" and its institutions 
campaign. They have made the irresponsible charges that 
Chicanos have been duped by a " bunch of incompetent , 
insensitive and Irresponsible faculty members." As Chicanos 
involved in the liberation of our people. we say. " Institutions 
and concerned indiViduals are a means toward our 
Liberation ." And rightly so. 

The present conflict has even reached the level at which 
Third College administrators in opposition to Watson 's 
authoritarianism have received death threats. In response. the 
Steering Committee. composed of MECHA. Native Americans. 
AASA. Third College faculty and staff. have sent letters to the 
Administration in which they hold the Administration 
responSible for any violence that-may occur. 

Move Opposition 
Chicanos are not alone in opposition to Watson's 

authoritarianism and lack of respect by blocking our self-
determination and our right to self-governance within Third 
College. Chicanos. after having exhausted the open democratic 
channels and failing to have our grievances redressed. were 
forced to unite with other embittered Third College 
con tituents and demand an end to Watsnn 'S au1horitarianism 
by his resignation 

The Chicano Supplement Staff stands resolutely behind the 
grievances of MECHA and supports the resignation of Watson 
or a Just redress of grievances. 

The CHICANO POSITION PAPER ON THIRD COLLEGE. 
appearing in page one and two. clarifies the issues at hand. 
They are published to overcome the propaganda . the 
insensitivitv of the Chancellor. the distortions of BSU's 
position arid a service to the general public. They were 
thoroughly thought over before being written down. were 
presented to MEC HA and unanimously supported . and enjoy 
the unilateral support of the San Diego Chicano Community. 
Channel 8. 10 San Diego. has moved forward in improving its 
relations with the Chicano Federation. we see no reason why 
the UCSD AdmlDlstrcltlOn cannot do the same. 

We do not want to see the same type of incident that occurred 
at San Diego State University happen here. We think that the 
UDiversity can be more understanding and comprehensive. 
although at the present time it lacks the administrative 
wisdom it enj o~'ed under Chancellor York and Chancellor 
McGill . 

Chicanos have a long hi storical traditIOn of struggle: We 
founded Te~ocht itlan . we kicked out the Spaniards in 1810. we 
sent the Fr"ncII back to Europe. under the leadership of Benito 
Juarez. WE fough t under Zapata and Villa during the 1910 
Revolution which radica lly rhanged the educational system 
for the bel lefit of the Meztiso. we are conciously building a 
Free AztJa1 and were . from the ver~' beginnings. instrumental 
In foundlDf Third College There IS absolutely no reason why as 
Chicano \ ,e ~ hou!1I nnw I1 nwn to anv Administration or any 
IIroup whir h seeks to ali!!n with It becauseOl iL~d"'I.;:go!iu er y. 
ncarsightejness and InsenSi tivities . although. above all. we 
stand for a solutIOn to the present problem and full 
reconcilialJon bet ween all People 's Involved . 

CHICA\\! SL' PI'LE~I E\T 'TAFF 
Thl' iupplcon~nt L prudul'l'd In roordmalllJn \I Ith thl' 
~IEnl ~ (-')II1DlUnICallon, (',) ml11ll1,·~ I t~ dlon, all' gedr~d 
lawards ralstn~ ("onS('IlII!,nl'» Jm"n~'t per,on, of :'Il ~xlldn 
de,cmt II I hop.'d that 11- runt l'DI, 1\111 ,ent' as an 
educational c'p('r1cnce and lunhl'rl1111rt' The Chlldn" 
Supplclllt'nt Stafl hOPI'- It "III bent'tll ("hlrdnu, Jnd al l 
tntere"lcd perwn, \\1 plan I" '''III,' "UI n'~ularh rl'p"r1m~ 
nC\I ,. ('\l'nl> dnd nlltutv, ~'" polIr, \It' 'IDll'rl'h dnepi 
CriliCl,1II Jnd III ('tJur", cODlnbull"n, In ' l"rr,")ldn bl' "'nl 
I,) the TRITll\ TJ\IES "II). t' 

Page 2 Chicano Supplement 

C!!!~ ? ~ S 1 tI 0 Din·':' ~_ .. It; • ..., d.f_ '" "'~ ............. 
. . ~ ace their attention 10 developing their courses aad the academic 

c 
procrams of linuted aDd dubIOUS value. State and Federal programs and it makes it difficult to C(H)jIerate with others in 

~s must be provided for this effort by ~ Univer~ty and these efforts. We find that a great deal of our effort has to go 
CbICano facull¥ must be encouraaed, ,.ven .credlt. and into combatting these trends, aad to try 10 ~irect the college rew~ for ~v~1op1ng such ~ams. For Chicanos these 110 that it will serve our needs. This situation hurts everyone, 
are basic necessities and not luxunes. . I I the stud ts 

(2.) Community programs. ODe of the most central parts of but particu ar y e. . 
1bird Colle,e sbould be programs which take the students into 
the community, allowillg them to maintain contact aad to 
contribute directly to the solution of community problems. So 
Jar very little has been developed along these lines TIle little 
tbat has been done bas been done tbrouCh individual student 
and faculty action, with no COOniinatiOil from the leadership of 
the college. In Ibis area as in the others mentioned here, the 
Provost has failed to implement a policy Ibat would bring such 
programs into existence. From the Chicano standpoint, this is 
a major failure . 

II. Educational 
Policy 

One of the most consistent concerns 01 Third COllege 
Chicanos has been the educational philosophy underlying the 
college. In general , we have taken the position that the 
traditional edllCation found in American colleges will not meet 
our needs . The first question that needs to be addressed is what 
isour education to be for . 

We feel that our education should prepare us to work for the 
benefit of the Chicano community. Taking into account the 
oppressed nature of Chicanos in the United States, we realize 
that we must be prepared to make major changes in this 
system if we are to survive as a people, with our distinct 
culture and values. The question here is not one of an education 
which will enable us as individuals to improve our own position 
in life, leaving the bulk of our people to live in deprivat!on. 
Neither is it a matter of allowing ourselves to move mto 
positions where we become in effect part of the exploitative 
structure, helping to maintain a system which has never really 
been concerned with us except for what it can get out of us. 
Rather , we must createa kind;)f education that will give us th.e 
technical skills to provide direct help to our people, whether It 
be in health , in education, in urban planning, or whatever . At 
the same time, we must have the analytical skills to be able to 
tell when we are using our technical skills to fundamentally 
change the system. and when we are actually using them to 
reinforce the present system. This means that as part of our 
education we must have a deep and critical examination of 
American society and its relation to the Chicano, in place of the 
predominant social and political analysis that tends to justify 
the present system . We must be able to develop community-
based programs that will enable us to constantly maintain 
touch with our Chicano community, and that will enable us to 
combine theory and practice in a way that is generally not true 
of traditional American education. 

Unfortunately. Third College in the last year has shown 
strong signs that it is falling back into a traditional and status-
quo type of education, with the encouragement of the present 
Provost. Because of the strong pressures to move back in this 
direction, and because of the very conservative nature of the 
American educational establishment, we are convinced that 
the only way we will be able to have the kind of education we 
need as Chicanos is to be able to develop it ourselves. Only if 
we feel that the programs of Third College are indeed "ours" 
will they represent meaningful education for us . The 
development of quality programs is thus very closely related to 
the whole issue of self-determination for Chicanos. 

III.Self-
Determination 

The struggle in the barrios and in the countryside has 
centered around the issue of self-determination. The 
farm workers are fighting for the chance to be able to have 
greater control over the economic decisions that affect their 
lives. The school walkouts have been built around the idea that 
Chicanos need to be ahle to make decisions about the schools in 
those areas of curriculum, staffing, and organizations that 
affect Chicanos. The land grant conflict has been concerned 
with Chicano control over the land. La Raza Unida party is 
struggling now to gain control over the institutions that make 
decisions for Chicanos. 

Yet in Third College we find that Chicanos have not been able 
to exercise self-determination. We find that Chicanos are not 
even consulted on many matters by the Provost. although the 
Provost regularly consults with certain other groups. We find 
that our positions on who should be hired and who should not be 
hired as faculty and staff are not listened to . Chicano 
representatives on the Board of Directors are not able to 
exercise any power, because the Provost reserves for himself 
the right to overrule any decisions of the Board . The poSition 
that Chicanos have taken in the General Assembly on 
expanding the size of the Board and on making decisions of the 
Board binding on the Provost have been ignored by the 
Provost. There have even been attempts to eliminate Chicano 
faculty members from Urban and Rural Studies. 

It should be clear by now that we cannot have other people 
making our decisions for us. Unless we are free to make ou r 
own decisions. and to participate on an equal basis in group 
deciSions. we are being denied self-determination 

IV Polarization 
Policy failure s, :r faculty educational philosophy, and the 

denial of self-determlDatlOn have brought about a CrISi s at 
Third College ID which the campus finds It If polarized The 
majority of the college has rejected the present direction and 
leadershtp. and a minority continues to strongly support the 
Provost, not because of hiS ance, but for othN reasons 

Conclusion 
The present situation in Third College is the result of 

numerous failures on the part of the leadership of the College, 
of pursiling'thewrong kind of educational philosophy, and of 
denying self-determinatiOil to Chicanos and other groups. The 
resulting polarization and draining of ener,y has led MECHA 
to take action. After a long series of consul lations and 
negotiations had failed. MECHA withdrew its representatives 
from the Board of Directors and Standing Committees of Third 
College. When this still had no effect, MECHA called for the 
resignation of Provost Watson. We are committed to bringing 
about change in the present sttualion, and will take whatever 
means are necessary to bring it about. This cbange includes the 
creation of a collective means of making decisions that will 
involve everyone in the College on an equal basis. But the 
ultimate goal is the kind of self~termination in education 
that will lead to meaningful. high-quality programs that will 
prepare us to liberate ourselves and our Chicano communities 
from our present exploited situation . 

Steering committee 

Lumumba-Zapata 
Statement 

On Monday , April 24. approximately two-thirds of the college 
called for the resignation of Joe Watson. the current Provost. 
Letters were sent to the Chancellor from MECHA, the United 
Native Americans , the Asian American Student Alliance, the 
White Caucus, and a substantial majority of the faculty 
presently on the college campus. These letters expressed the 
feeling that the ideals of the college had been violated and that 
our right to ' self-determination had been denied. The letters 
were sent after a number of other actions on the part of the 
students and faculty had failed to bring a response from the 
Provost. 

A Steering Committee was set up with representatives 
from the groups calling for the resignation. Since then. we have 
had several discussions with the Chancellor . Since we have not 
been presented with a satisfactory resolution to our demands. 
we find it necessary at this time to bring the situation to the 
notice of our respective community groups and to the press. 
We are considering other actions to bring about a solution to 
the crisis. 

Issues behind 
the controversy 

Third College was originally set up with the idea that the 
development of quality programs and a relevant education for 
Third World people could only come about through the total 
participation of everyone in the college in determining the 
nature of that education. It seemed clear that traditional and 
bureaucratic means of operation could not break through the 
biases and rigidities of American higher education . Many of us 
have lost sight of this original intention, or were never made 
completely aware of it. We have now documented this 
intention, in a report presented to the Chancellor today entitled 
AN HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE OF TilE STRUCTURE OF 
THIRD COLLEGE (Report No. I) . In this document we 
summarize he relevant information from the original 
Lumumba-Zapata Demands, the actions of the UCSD 
Academic So!nate , the Third College Academic Plan. and the 
Third College By-Laws. 

The reason we have called for the resignation of Watson as 
Provost is that he has violated the principles and the spirit of 
Lumumba-Zapata College. and replaced them with something 
which we call Third College . In refusing to honor the collective 
decisions of the college. as expressed in the General Assembly. 
Ithe Board of Directors. and other bodies. and concentrating, 
the power in the office of he Provost, Joe Watson bas 
undermined the functioning of the college. In the process he 
has isolated himself and individually tried to take on a burden 
that can only be carried collectively . The result has been the 
failure to develop the kinds of programs which fill our needs as 
Third World people. and the creation of a conflict which lakes 
up all our energies and diverts our attention from our 
educational activities . THIS SITUATION HURTS EVERY • 
ONE IN THE COLLEGE. INCLUDING THOSE WHO STILL 
SUPPORT WATSON. 

By cutting himself off from the support of the college, 
Watson has also increasingly found himself having to rely on 
the University administration for support. Part of the price wc 
have had to pay for this is a re-traditionalizatiohof thecollege, 
both in governance and in the direction of the academic 
programs. 

Solutions 
Jhe solution we propose has three parts' 
I I . There must be a reaffirmation of the cnllective and 

partiCipatory principles on which the college was founded. 
21 We must have a Provost who will abide by these 

principles, and who Will enthUSiastically and competently 
carry out the will of the college. 

31 . Wtth theselirsttwo thlDgs done. we must all get to work. 
and dedicd le ourselves to bringing about a coli eRe which we 
Will b proud to ref er to as Lumumba-Zapata ColleRe 

Historical Rev· of Third College 
I. Introduction 

The actions that are belac developed to ensure the removal 
of Or. J. Watson from his current position of Provost at Third 
College have been forced upon the vast majority of Third 
College, inclJlding tboae coUece members who still pay 
allegiaJJCe to him, but the devastating consequences of his 
approach to coUece covemance and the welfare of the progress 
of the wbole coUece. TIle components of this dire situatiOil will 
be analyzed in detail in a series of documents aimed at 
informing all concerned, from the Regents of the University to 
the members of the UCSD campus and to the communities 
outside the University. 

This report, the first of the series, deals with the question of 
Third College pveraaace in terms of its appropriate historical 
context. The self-governance principles of the college is the 
critical core of the Third College goals, concepts, and 
programs. The clearly sta~ and ~fficially e!Ki0rsed 
commitment of Third College IS to the higher educahon of a 
substantial number of minority youth , excluded in the past 
from both higher education and an adequate preparation 
toward it. This commitment can only be met if one faces the 
concrete realities produced by years of economic, social, and 
educational depravation, and the specific needs for an 
educational process suitable for the development and the 
exercise of individual responsibility, community concern and 
self-determination in parallel with the acquisition of specific 
academic competences. 

Self-governance provides such an educational process to the 
individual students and also insures for the whole 
community the total communication, 
adaptability that are necessary to a 
innovative enterprise . The very existence of 
all of its current achievements are the 
collective, interactive spirit and cornmltlA!cl 
students, faculty and staff, which are 
of self-governance. Mucb of wbat has MIt 
of the College's current malaise are the 
distortion and suppression that have 
governance process. 

There may be a misconception in 
that self-governance in Third 
the Board of Directors through 
expressed , is but an ideal that has 
accepted practice . The fact is 
Third College, its Board of 
been recognized by official 
well as internally, until the 
both its function within the 
it. Furthermore. the concept 
for it in the Third College 
constituents throughout its 
this report to recapitulate 
College as recorded on a 
file, and thus dispose of, 
the solid roots of its I!01lennanlCE 
from lack or loss of factual 

II. Histori 
Review 

00 Marcb 14, I ... BSC (Black Students 
(Mexican-American Youth Association) 
Lumumba-Zapata proposal for the Third 
following are quotes from that document 
indicate the direction of the college : 

"We demand that the Third College be devoted 
education for minority youth and to the study 
contemporary social problems of all people. To do 
authentically, this college must radically depart from the 
role ... " 

"The governing body of Lumumba-Zapata College shall be 
the Board of Directors and shall consist of two students, one 
faculty member and the provost . .. the Board of Directors 
shall make the final ruling on all general college policy ... it 
shall have the authority to initiate any action or delegate that 
responsibility to any group it deems appropriate ... The 
provost will be the administrative head of Lumumba-Zapata 
College : .. " 

00 April 18, I", BSC and MAYA presented this proposal 
and the reasons for it to UCSD faculty at large. This led to a 
series of meetings of concerned faculty. students, and 
administrators . The results were reported to the UCSD 
Academir Senate. Throughout these sessions. the basic need 
was stressed for the governmental structure of the college to 
remain within the college community. 

00 May 5, I", the UCSD Academic Senate received 
Rappaport's five point resolution summarizing the conclusions 
of those meetings. The expanded version of his resolution , 
passed by 87 YES, 34 NO and 9 abstentions, is quoted below: 

" 1. The Board of Directors shall have the powers of the 
present provosts. 

In addition , faculty FTEs shall be allocated to the college at 
large. The board shall allocate the FTEs to those departments 
represented in the college . The board shall have final approval 
of the appointments to the college faculty by the departments 

2. The governing body of the college shall be the Board of 
Dlrectors and shall consist of three students , two faculty 
members and the rovost. 

of Directors shall have one 

itself to the 
the May 6 

resolution. Executive 
Committee with of a Third 
College Planning Committee of students and faculty was 
recommended in the Varon resolution, passed by 94 YES, 5 NO 
and 7 absentioalt.'.I*lii 

"4. The PI th developing a 
detailed mas ance with the 
resolution pa ad i ay 6, 1969. This 
plan shall be . . ations. ~ben, 
in the course of plaMing legislative changes are reqUired , 
actions aimed at such changes should be initiated. If legal 
obstacles remain which the full enactment of desired 

these 

Master Plan is to be 
proposed curriculum. 

co1.Iege should be derived 
to MCeed in its intent to 

1IIi,..se • ... lfIIIIftdation of minority 
COD&:enI .. III .aleviation of the 
};I:~~~it is e. J .. W IIIIt • callelive college 

with the 
it) ,eoples "" ,. soc~ p~ of 

_ ..... I' .... t a chg~ oll~~rtII.!jty 
" Students and faculty will need to cooperate closely in all 

aspects of the college, with a fundamental educational role 
assigned to students because it is they who can best bridge the 
commuDlcation barrier between enlerin students and (acult . 

• 

Because they are participating to this extent in the educ~tional 
program of the college, it is clear that student pe~cepbons of 
the successes and failures of the program Will ~ both 
appropriate and valuable. In order that these percepl1on~ ~ 
quickly translated into modifications of the program, It IS 
essential that students have a clear voice in the decision-
making bodies of the college ... " 

"This educational problem is so very difficult that it is 
unlikely that any program we devise at this time will pass the 
test of even one year without desirable modifications becoming 
apparent. On the other hand, the University is not noted for its 
flexibility . Response to the educational needs of the students 
will occur much more quickly if students participate in 
decisions on educational policy, and hence concerted efforts 
will be made to form an effective college government involving 
faculty and students. The details of this organization are to be 
specified in the college by-laws, which are to be formulated 
and ratified by the members of the college." 

This Academic Plan was passed by the Academic Senate 
with a vote of 114-Yes, 14-No, and 4..abstain. 1t was approved by 
the Regents durinll the February 20, 1970 session. 

III. Summary and 
Conclusion 

current action by a vast majority of the college, faculty 
.lJIents alike, is directed toward the redressal of past 

the spirit of the college, the restoration of its 
and the resumption of constructive 

stated goals. It is DOt a demand for 
the reclaiming of the principles repeatedly 

ized as necessary for the fulfillment of 
JnI'~f>r~I!V of California Regents to thiS 

ist Resolution 

Chicano de k:tlan 

condemns lhe laleSI 

the Viemanlese people 

e support the Vietnamese 

.s. Imperialism because it is 

. We call 011 all Chicallos to 

media te and complete withdrawal of 

lIa l'al. and airforces froll1 In -

SUPPORT F ARMWORKERS 

BOYCOTT 

NON .. UNION LE ueE 

Chico no Supplement Page 3 



( 
l 

< 

. , 

anos, Unity, McGovern 721 CHIC!lNOSDEC!lLOOl1E 
our 

to print articles dealing intellectual revolutionary. To allow ourselves this indulgence 
ChicilllOS within· the ment do not support is to give abstract political ideals priority over the pbysical 

I ""lit;",,1 e..tity of the United but allip ourselves behind reality of the barrio, miserable conditions of farm laborers, 
A TZUN. The article efforts of La Raza police activities, drug addiction, disadvanlqed educational 

submitted by Raoul Party. In the past, the opportun!ties ... Chicano unity through a vebical sucb as La 
.. a practicing cratic Party ha ' betr ed · Raza Unida sbould be used on the ale ..... 1iIuI political 
In it, he writes on Chi . f s . ay levels to withhold or dispense support depending on a 

McGovern and his Uni:no ;:ra IOns, ~ Ra: candidate's potential to enhance those subjective and objective 
I t · h' ·th · I . Y .promlses conditions necessary for real social and political chaqe re a Ions Ip WI IOVO ve Itself WI~ .,a~-root The possibility that the presidentill election of 1m could I,",D~CiIJlIOS . MeGovern did show da~ to day orgamzati~n 10 offer Chicanos much to be gained by a particular outcome is 

the time Roberto Chicano commuDlty . . growing. George McGovern is no radical . He has not advocated 
lL'n~vez..Qrtiz hijacked a plane. contrast, the Democratic . the overthrow of capitalism. He has not declared a conscious 
Ibl..9!~~:...i_nj_U_st_ices_-:su:-f-:fe:-r_ed~p~a!!!r~ty~o~nJ~y_C_a_lI_s_o_n ___ us--.:.e~ve~r::JY intentioD to seriously restructure this country 's social and 
r- four political makeup. He is very much a "liberal". Nevertheless 

8y Raol CoIItrer.. his proposed liberalization of the Democratic Party is 
Recently in the city ~f San Jose some politicans (mosUy 

Democr.ats) With Spamsh surnames organized a statewide 
convention for the purpose of producing a Chicano pontical 

pla~orm for the 1972 elections. Unfortunately for these 
politiCians the convention format did not materialize as 
expec~. The scenario of events was roughly as follows : the 
orgamzers structure the convention so it could only move in 
certain well-defined directions (Democratic Party 
endorsements) ; Chicano activists among the representatives 
challenge this prestructure; the Democratic Party is "thrown 
out" and " Chicano radicals" (La Raza Unida ) capture the 
convention. 

This event w~s reflective of a new and growing political 
awareness that Independent action utilizing Chicano unity can 

be~t generate that political power truly beneficial to 
Chicanos. And, that this independent political action can only 
take place when C?W' past taken-for-granted relationship ' with 
the Democratic Party is severed. 

The point of this paper is to put forth or at least suggest a 
course of action for Chicano political unity, as presently 

repr~sented by La Raza Vnida, in the coming elections. 
IrOnically this suggested course of action entails supporting a 
certam Democratic presidential candidate in 1972. In order to 
explain this apparent contradiction a number of current 
developments must be elaborated upon. 

important because it is a first step in raising the consciousness 
of the Chicano wbo remains loyal to the Democratic Party and 
workers ill general·a prerequlJite in brinling this group out of 
its presently naive conservative political stance. 

This is possible becaUle McGovern bas shown surprising 
appeal to members of the working class. If McGovern were 
nominated his support from this group would increase by the 
great number of working class people who traditionally 
support the Democratic Party candidate. However more 
important than the number of workers who might vote for 
McGovern is the opportunity his candidacy would offer to bring 
Chicano "democrats", workers, and the lower middle class 
into ideological political coalition with the present Left. 
Beeause McGovern is talking about such things as national 
redistribution of wealth, amnesty, and abortion ; if he were 
nominated he would give the "radical alternative" the 
legitimization of the Democratic Party platiorm. This will 
offer the opportunity and political apparatus to take this 
argument to the working class who will now listen because it is 
coming from the party it traditionally supports. Only in this 
way can the consciousness of the working class people be 
reached and eventually changed . 

The approaching California primary offers an opportunity to 
display the strength and value of Chicano support . Just as we 
did for Robert Kennedy in 1968 Chicanos have the power to give 
or deny victory. If necessary to maintain unity and 
independence Chicano support could be built up on a 
completely separate basis from the growing army of 
McGovern supporters in California . 

There is nothing in the present McGovern plaUorm which 
pertains specifically to Chicanos (altbough there will be by the 
California primary); although as members of the working 
class his ove~all program will affect Chicanos. But, as already 
stated the Importance of the his candidacy lies in the 
opportunity it provides to raise the consciousness of Chicanos 
and workers in general - which is necessary to make the 

class " radical". 

.. " ••• , R. Deer.e,. 

We..,u'1N! 'rtle C~ •• ..,... ••• 
I. We fttrrJ ,.... ........ ...,. "'''e~e I" 
nt, .. re, 1ft. ,~ ... r •• '"" .. " •• lce 
.,Iter. r •• pee~ ,~. 

II. W. re' ... , ..... .., ......... ,.,.. 0' 
, ................. ..,er ... _1Ier .... " 
........... re' .... gllrNpt .. ,. '.r .,Jwr. 
... ,..k • .,. .............. n .. 

Ill. W. 'r .... '. r ••• ,.b • ... r •••• Ur., 
...................... HIe •• ...... r '.r 
.,Iter., ••••. 

II'. W. re ....... •• r • ..,. .. k.re ............ 1' 
....... e ,. 'ree', ... ..,.re.. ........ .... 
.'_r ••• '. 

1'. We lie ... "" .... ,.,,'" _r ...... , ...... 
...... .,." ...... " ., ......... IN!r •• , _r 
.......... """"" _. , ....... , eae.,. 
..... 

1'1. 1t' •• ,., ,.n.'., e" ••• '" ., .le 
"" •• "r_ per ................ " .. perpe'''. 
.e ......... "' ...................... , •• , H, •. 

I'll. We r ..... rile ... r • ..,. .......... " ... r 
...,. r .... .... 'Met ... , ,.r • • , __ I 
"... ..... , ...... , ""'rtIft! .. 1I ree.,"'be 
_r pe.,Ie' •• ..,......, .... ,. ,.., _, .... 
.......... eeer .... 1"". We "" .11 I ....... • , "'rtIe" ,..., ..... 1' 
... , ....... r ..... , •• '.r .r r.II, ••• • , 
.,Iter •. 

IX. W. """"."" 1I,1d 'er ... r """ •• ..,kl. 
... , • H.lclNr" "" .... .." .............. ,. 
e .............. , .... , .... , .. _r "".N. 

X. W • • re ,ro .... d' ..... • r..., ...... , ........ .. 
..,., ... , .,.. ... , .... , ... ""' .... , ... , ... 11 •• , 
T .... ..,. tel" .. 'rlle CIrie ••••• 

" ................. , ••• , .... 1Ie ..... pe ..... f 
.... "" ..... , •• "'r •.. ,..n." "E.' ... '0. 
.... r ............. re ............. ' r •• ,.'. 
.... ere ...... , ........ ,..:." 

...... 01 ...... .:. 

First, alth~~h there .is a definite move toward independent 
(radical ) political action by the activists and movers of 
Chicano politics ; the majority of California Chicanos at least thi~ year, w!1I still be voting as that part of the working class 

wh~ch remalOs loyal to the Democrats. Second, it was not the 
futlleness.of our past relationship with the Democratic Party 
per se whlc~ ~ade La Raza Vnida necessary. An independent 
Chicano pohtlcal party is the result of a political structure 
composed of two party machines whose essential similarities 
in political ideology denied the social and economic changes 
Chlcano~ have come to perceive as necessary. Third, crisis-
hk~ national ~nd. international conditions ; most Significant 
belO~ the contlnumg war, the economic situation, and racial 
tenSIOns, have. created a real - even ideological - split within 
the ~m~ratlc Party. These conditions are responsible for 
growing discontent and distrust of politicians of both parties by 
great segments of the population (especially important is the 
dlscont.ent felt by working class people ). This alienation has 

mad~ possible the rise of two presidential candidates definiUy 
outSide the mold of "establishment" politican, George Wallace 
and George McGovern. The subject of this paper is George 
McGovern . 

THE CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD 
PRESENTS 

In order to put together all the above mentioned factors and 
emerge. with . the suggestion that supporting McGovern is 
compatible With Independent political action by Chicanos it is 
necessary to look into and explore jus! what is the "Chicano 
political goal" . In more general terms what is the radical 
political objective? Revolution is a word very often used to 
neatly summerize an answer to this question. Unfortunately 
the answer often ends there with no deeper look into what 
constitutes revolution. 

In Cuba Fidel Castro with a small group of armed men using 
guerrilla warfare tactics was able to successfully carry out a 
"violent" revolution. But, only recently Castro also traveled to 
Santiago to give his endorsement to the Chilean "political" 
revolution. Quite evidently there is no prescribed method for 
carrying out a revolution. In fact, constantly emphasized in the 
wTltmgs of Che and Debray is the idea that because there is no 
prescribed method for revolution ; the particular conditions of 
the situ~~ion must ~!ctate the ta~tics. And, to carry out any 
type of revolution one must first work to create certain 
prerequisite conditions. The most important being an apparent 
or at least latent majority of the population in support of the 
radical changes which constitutes your proposed revolution. 

In the present American socia-political "situation" only the 
mi~orities , Chicanos among them, and what can be called the 
white New Left have a potential "revolutionary" orientation. 
In order to bring about radical changes in this socia-political 
structure the rest of the lower class (white I, workers. and 
lower mid :lIe class must be brought into this group. 

As Chu anos we don 't exist in a political vacuum. Unity 
although A valuable achievement must ultimately be regarded 
as a me inS and not an end in itself. It can only be an 
unrewarding fantasy to believe that is as a group we can by 
ourselves extract politically or by force the "revolution " . 

Our pa!.~ TPlafinMhip with the Democratic Party has been a 
treacherclls ~ne . ThiS paper does not recommenu ... E:5umption 
of that kr ee-Jerk support of the Democrats. But even here in 
the state If California we are a distinct numeric"l minority . At 
some fut Jre tune we will have to make an accommodation 
With the I.me.rican poli.tical struc~ure to achieve our goals. 

The ob. e.ctlve of Chicano political unity should be to foster 
thoSE con~ltl?IIS which wiJI make this future accomodation the 
best one (oOsslble for the betterment of the Chicano people . This 
might mean a show of strength by support of a Chicano or 

r~dical candidate in an elect.i0n where there is no ideological 
differences between the major party candidates. But it can 
also mean str?ng but conditional support for th~ more 
democratic major party candidate. As Chicanos we cannot 
afford the luxury of "ideological purity". To indiscrimately 
rid as a " liberal" is of the 
Page 4 Chicano Supplement 

AND 
SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MANNA 
$2.00 UCSD Students 

$2.50 Other College 
FRIDAY ADVANCE 

May 19 $3.00 General Ad. 
UCSD Gym and other 

College at door 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
AT UREY HALL BOX OffICE 

Tile opinions .xpressed on these !NIg.s are tho~ of the 
authors whose names appear In the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES . 
Anyone desirIng to submit material to be published on 
these pages should send it to the Editorial Director, 
TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall. UCSD. . 

In Defense of i'reedom 
Ke,·iD Olson 

Since the publication of my article " Peace 
at the Cost of Freedom". I have received a 
number of replies and comments on the 
admittedly unfashionable ideas I expressed. 
While the content and quality of these replies 
varies . there are several concepts which 
consistently arise , all of which are 
summa rized by Mr. Charles Steffen in his 
letter to the TRITON TIMES (5/9172) . It is 
these concepts I want to deal with , [or they 
express with a rare clarity the decadence and 
spiritual barrenness of the ideology which 
grips our age. 

Mr. SteHen claims that the things I stand for 
- '·nationalism". " realism". and "disdain for 
com munistic ideologies " are 
"anachronisms". because of the nuclear era 
we now live in . The reasoning behind this is 
that the possibilily of global genocide created 
by nuclear weaponry is a prospect so horrific, 
so overwhelmingly repugnant, that war must 
noll' be avoided at all costs. It is not defeat or 
enslavement but war itself that now poses the 
gravest threat : therefore our foreign policy 
must be based on an unqualified repudiation of 
war . 

No sane man doubts the hideo~sness of 
nuclea r war. or of war itself for that matter . 
But to extrapolate beyond this into freneti c 
capitulation to every act of military 
aggression by the enemy. to doing anything to 
avoid the possibility of a nuclear war . 
consti tutes an ostrich-like blindness to the 
realities a nd exigencies of political reality 
and. to my anachroni tic nineteenth-century 
mind . a drastic distortion of the proper human 
condition . 

Civilized man must govern himself with the 
knowledge that human life is ultimately 
temporal. He may "rage. rage against the 
dYing of the light". but he must eventually 
come to grips with his own transience. At the 
sa me time he must recognize the 
transcendence. the eternity. of certain things. 
which it i his duty to approach asympto-
matica lly in his earthly deeds. "fn the case of 
Western civ ilization. this transcendence has 
been expressed in the dignity and justice 
attached to the concepts of freedom and moral 
responsibility of man. and to their defense 
against slavery and barbarism. Indeed. of all 
the twenty-two civilizations delineated by 
Toynbee. it is the West. opposing the 
collectivism of the Chinese. the Babylonian. 
the Eguptian cultures. which has most 
consistently stood for thc freedom and 
integrity oi the individual. 

The conclu sion drawn from thi s is that there 
.are things worth fighting for . and ultimatelv 
Worth :lying for . Thc value of human life must 
be llUarded zealouslv . but always with the 
knowledge that freed'om and truth are values 
to be defended above and beyond the pro 
tempore state of mankind. What ma tters. in 

,.,., •••••••••••••• *t 

the final analysis, is not whether one lives a 
certain length of time. but how he conducts 
himself during that time ; whether he conducts 
himself with the honor and dignity befitting his 
beliefs. 

It is this conclusion, multiplied to infinity by 
twentieth-century technology. that Mr. Steffen 
and our policy-makers shrink from . This 
retreat from . This retreat from reality is not a 
totaJly new phenomenon. for modern man has 
taken refuge in a variety of ideologies. which 
are aJl ultimately anti-civilizational in their 
effect: Marxism. the neo-Freudianism of 
Marcuse and Norman Brown , the 
existentialism of Sartre, the behaviorism of 
B.F. Skinner , the primitivism of the 
technological determinist Marshall McCluhan. 
In effect, they are Gnostic heresies. rooted in 
the weaknesses and inherent faul ts of man. 
And their most important manifestation at 
present is modern liberalism (as opposed to 
classical liberalism). whose basic beliefs and 
assumptions have con tructed our foreign 
policy in recent decades. 

At the same time one realizes the pathos of 
such a philosophy. one must also realize that it 
is the road to disaster. In our century we are 
faced with a messianic ideology whose 
overriding and eternal goal is world 
domination and the destruction of our 
civilization. In the face of this attack we have 
responded feeb ly with " coexistence" . 
" containment" . the " gradualism" of a 
McNamara that uses noble rhetoric to mask 
appeasement. The result has been the constant 
shrinkage of our boundaries as a superpower. 
in moral humiliation. and ultimately in defeat. 

The Vietnam war is the latest in our half-
hearted series of efforts to stop Communism. 
Our policy there. increasingly affected by an 
abundance of moral guilt. is essentially 
defeatism : it has now been reduced to the 
attempt to walk with dignity through the door 
marked "exit. ·· 

But President Nixon. perhaps having been 
visited by the ghost of Whittaker Chambers, 
has apparently decided to make one final 
effort to allow South Vietnam the right of self-
determination from the slaughter and tyranny 
ensured by a Communi st takeover. The 
blockade and the mining of Haiphong harbor 
are important steps. perhaps too little too late. 
but certainly a risk worth taking. 

It is true that such a step increases 
considerably the chance of a nuclear war : that 
much hinges on what responsible actions the 
Soviet Union and the United States undertake 
in the next week. But to Mr. Steffen. to the 
"anti-war" protestors who place peace above 
freedom. who tropistically react against any 
military defense of freedom. I ca n only repeat 
the words of a man who. ironically enough. 
was both an atheist and a Communist : " It is 
better to di e on vour feet than to live on vour 
knees." · . 

: Ollr llrh .n 'nroj : 
: W\\ CO~T n.It;IIT~ a LA JOLLA COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 327 F. Street 
: lor studenh. homples: • 
• to ROME S 170.50 OW: 
G to LONDON S 166.00 OW. 
: london·TEl AVIV 85.90 OW! 
: london· ATHENS 66.30 OW: 
u london NAIROBI 173.00 OW: 
: Hundreds ol...,.,lUre ... ., • 
.. and desliMli ... ,. • 
: Request Ir •• travel iftto : 
• SIERRA TRAVEl INC . • 
• (113)271-5200 Of 17'-3111 0 
:"9175 Sonia MOllie. I . Inlll, Mils: 

; ..O~ ••••••••••••••••• 

1lio 
PHARMACY 
Sdtotls."n,s 

CIS .... tlCS i 
955 Prospect 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

lues · Sot 
9:.~-~30 

Women Welcome 

CloMd Sun & Mon. 
233·8328 

Letters to the Editor ~--~~~~~~~~~~--------Dept hi into a car and go to a precinct government exists to protect 
ora e headquarters in Clairemont or the rights of the individual and 

Encinitas if you want to work is in fact the servant of the Sexism off campus. and sign out a list people. then it follows that the 
of Democratic voters to call people themselves have been 
on. It takes an easy two or corrupted and deserve the 
three hours for four people to government they support. 
cover a precinct, and there are How can the American 
lots of precincts left to be done people support the government 

Editor : 
On Monday night, May 8, we 

entered the weight room of the 
gym and began to exercise. A 
few minutes later, a male 
student walked in and told us . 
" Hey girls, the weight room is 
only used by those who want to 
look like studs." He said that 
girls should not be aJlowed in 
the weight room. 

Next, an elderly male 
employee of the gym came in 
and interrogated us. asking if 
we were students. who we 
were, etc. He then insinuated 
that females should not use the 
weight room, and stated that 
we should confine ourselves to 
women's conditioning courses 
if we wanted to stay in shape. 

by the June 6 primary. in some areas of corruption and 
Many people are then become indignant and 

discouraged. remembering the condemn its actions in other 
way tbe McCarthy campaign. areas? Let's get back to the 
appealing on similar issues. fundamentals of the law and 
and to a similar constituency. bring to account the domestic 
flopped in 1968. But . in George enemies of the constitution 
McGovern, we have a man who irregardless of who they may 
wants the presidency and is be. from the President on 
willing to work for it. The down. It just is possible that 
candidate who carries the entire executive branch of 
California is likely to win the the go v e rn men tis 
Democratic nomination. and unconstitutional , that is . 
we don't want an old worn-{)ut unlawful. 
tennis shoe like Humphrey I would like to see the flag 
again, do we? back to where it belongs. but I 

U3' id \I "Hr" personally will not bring any 
I).) (' ho'lo!!, charges aga inst anyone 

Editor : 

t;raduul .. Sludenl because I m yself feel 

On War 
Research 

It is well known that the 
weight room is open to both 
sexes. We strongly protest not 
only the harassment we 
received, but the crude bad 
manners of the males involved . 
If this derogatory treatment of 
females continues, we will feel 
it necessary to file a complaint. 

RespectfuJly. 
Linda \1 3-on 

Your issue of May 9 carries 
an opinion article by Mr . 
William Maltz relating to "war 

\ alerie SIOr) research." Although it contains 
Work for a number of errors. !1Iy letter 

somewhat guilty and 
responsible for the actions of 
the immature adults involved. 
This responsibility and guilt I 
feel . I share with all honest 
people in government. in the 
educational institutions anll 
with the parents of theSE young 
people who have been brought 
up not knowing the elemental 
difference between right and 

McGovern 
is not directed at these items 
specifically. Its purpose ·is. 
instead , to suggest that it 

Fellow Members of the UCSD would be most constructive if 
Community people writing on. or otherwise 

With Nixon 's latest military interested in this topic would 
escalation carried out in your refer to the comprehensive 

wrong. 

Help 
Veterans 

name, and in your behalf, of study carried out during the Editor : 
course. large proportions of lhe summer and fall of 1970 by a The veteran from the 
students on campus have special committee of the San present war are probably the 
expressed opposi tion. There Diego Division of the Academic most ilI·treated In the history 
have been the inevitable Senate. and the related of the U.S . Thei 'r 
meetings and rallys. with resolutions enacted by the unemployment rate is one of 
rhetoric denouncing U.S . faculty in early 1971. the highest of any group in this 
imperialism, etc ., but with few Smcerely. country. The number of 
recommendations about what I ." . ""i,'" veterans hooked on drugs is 
can be done. I am as much in Dirt'flOr. probably the most astonishing 
favor of protest marches and \I "ri, ... I'h )'i",,1 statistic about rcturning 
measures even more extreme. tal",,,11.... veterans and probably the most 
hort of jeopardizing other costly to society. 

people, as the next person. but Responsibility A veteran wanting to go to 
right now there is something college has to overcome many 
more concrete and legitimate Editor : odds. the least of which is 
which needs to be done. That is Twice noll' in the last few monetary. The money he gets 
to WORK for GEORGE weeks the American nag has will not support him or his 
McGOVERN. been missing from the po t family. which means he will 

McGovern i trying to carry offiee. Argo Hall. have to work . In the case of the 
out a populist campaign. by The American flag does not veteran this can be disastrous 
having his representatives. the necessarily represent the U.S . because he has been away from 
precinct workers. personally government but It does books and studies for two. four 
poll and deliver campaign represe nt the sovere ign or m~rE' years. Also for a 
litera ture to large proportions American people. To abuse or student with a family . working 
of the registered Democratic show contempt for the flag places an additional burden on 
voters. This is an casy. and not means to sholl' contempt and to his family. 
so unenjoyable task. involving abuse the American people. There are bills before the 
contact with working middle- IF the government practices state legislature and Congress 
class Americans in t he deceit, perpetrates fraud. and which would help alleviate 
suburbs. Many of them among denies the people it rights many of the returning 
the Democrats actually favor under the constitulional law. veterans' problem . but the 
McGovem and very few are then the government itself is lawmakers eem to be content 
opposed. while none are unlawful and IS itself to sit on the bills. In order to 
outright hostile towards him . dishonoring the flag of the get the legi lature and 

This campaign for McGovern sovereign people. Congress to get going it is going 
needs manpower very badly. As a great American. Marvin to be necessa ry for veterans 
Doing precinct work is very Cooley , said recently in San and those concerned about thi s 
easy if three or four people get Diego: " This generation is the war and the problems it brings 
together and go to a precinct most ignorant and cowardly to organi ze and apply pressure 
hea dquarter . lik e th e generation of all time.' What on our repre entatives to get 
McGovern representative on this means to me is that if the these bill pa sed. and signed . 
Muir or Revelle plaza : or pile people are sovereign. and the \I l~ha"1 D. 1I.·.·d 
~~~-~~-~---~--~-~~--~, 

t THE PEACE ARMY I 
: .WANTS YOU : 
t To join SO,OOO of your friends and neighbors in an invasion of California politiu t 
T to restore r'presentative notionol government. T 
• (an you aHord NOT to give 3 evenings of your time before hne 6? • 

• • : MCGOVERN : 
t Tables on Revelle & Muir Plazas, or 453-8923 .t 
. ... ---~~-~~-~~-----~--~~ 

May 16, 1972 Triton Times Pcge 5 



( 
, 

S 
·PFl::::~. 
o 
R 
T 
S 

Bicycle raffle for 
girls swim team 

WOMEN'S SWIM CLUB RAFFLES 18-SPEED 
For all you bicycle freaks on campus the women 's swim 

team will be raffling off a ten-speed bicycle. Here's your 
chance to get into that new, upcoming recreational sport of 
bicycling. For all of you who want a bike but cannot afford it, 
here 's you chance. Your ticket might be the lucky one. Each 
ticket is only 50 cents, and to help your odds of winning, only 
700 tIckets wIll be sold. 

The bike that will be given to the lucky winner is a Volkcycle 
which has been supplied by Wilson Sales Agency. It is a new 
bike on the market with great promise. It combines the fmest 
materials from the best bike makers in the world . German, 
llalian, Japanese and good old American parts have gone into 
the making of this bike . It is the 300 model and retail for $127. 
Proceeds for this bike will go toward helping finance the 
women 's swim team next year . 

Tickets can be bought from.anyof the women swimmers or 
from the ticket booth in Revelle Plaza at 12 noon Monday 
through Friday, May 15 -May 19. The drawing will be Tuesday, 
May 23. The winning number will be published In the TRITON 
TIMES. 

V olleyball refunds 
Those people who were 

caught with tickets fo r the 
Relig ious Affairs benefit 
featuring Wilt Chamberlain 
will be able to obtain a full 
refund by turning in their 
tickets at the Urey Hall Box 
Office . As mentioned in 

AT THE 
Anomaly 
Factory 

DR MICHAEL DEAN'S HYP 
NOSIS AND SELF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con-
cenfra flon Educa',onal .ug-
ge,IIon" welghl reducllon , 
'lop .mok,n g . rela.aflon. 
alhlell<>. ava il able 01 Ihe 
UC SD B )O hlore Aha Dr . 
Dean', beaks, 
Why Do N. Jum p '0 Conclu. 
Slons? , Tie Closed Mind. How 
'0 Lesscr Ml sunders'a nd,ngs, 
ond Und. ,,'ond>n9 and B''''9 
Unders 'ond. 

Friday 's paper the injury to 
Wilt 's wrist suffered during the 
playoffs was dIagnosed as a 
broken wrist. The TRITON 
TIMES Sports Page apologizes 
for any inconvenience that may 
have occurred to anyone 
because of the lat e 
cancellation. 

CAREER POSSIBILITY 
A repre sen tative from Prudential Life In-
surallce Company will be available Thursday, 
May 18 10 interview for career possibilities and 
a company training program. Guarranteed 
starting salary-excellent fringe benefits. 

(ontact Mars. Bailey, )12401 in Career Planning Office. 

Page 6 Triton Times May 16, 1972 

Intramural trip 
to SB cancelled 

This columll should have been a happy review by an 
exhausted reporter of a fun-filled All Cal weekend at Santa 
Barbara. Unfortunately, this is not the cue. Mr. Nixon's 
decision to mine the North Vietnamese ports triuered 
protests at UCSB last week, forcing cancellation of the 
tournament. To those who would have gone I offer my regrets 
and a wisb for good luck next year- same time, same place 
(Santa Barbaral. 

Things are drawing to a rapid close for '72 but there 's still a 
lot going on. In reply to the cry of the blond-haired studs with 
the boards, Lee Johnson wants to sponsor an intramural 
surfing contest. This one will not be played in inner tubes but 
rather will be man against the Pacific Ocean, with the victor to 
be he who has the greatest mastery over the waves while riding 
atop his board. If you 're interested, come into the intramural 
office and sign up. 

For those of you with skill handling a blade, Jim White is 
sponsoring an intramural fencing tournament next Monday, 
May 22. Men 's and women 's competition in three classes will 
be featured . Those interested can get in touch with Jim at 
X2275. 

Meanwhile, soft bailers are scrambling for playoff spots. 
Men 's playoffs are scheduled in such a way as to be totally 
confusing to all . There will be an eight-team single elimination 
ladder with three of the spots to the top three teams in the 
Money Hunter League and one spot each to the first place 
fin isherfrom the three other men's leagues. The fourth place 
Money Hunter team will play the runner-up of one league for 
one of the remaining slots while the otber two second place 
teams battle it out (or the final opening. My picks: De Anza , 
Yuba City, Orcs, and Off from Money Hunter, Bran X and 
Beats Me from Cabbage, Superfly and Absolute Shit from 
Ac·ne, and Dungeeps and Slug Fest and the Pop-ups from 
Bonghole. 

On the lighter side, coed softball will also include playoffs. 
Each of the six winners will get a spot plus the second place 
team in the Easy League. Coed is harder to choose as far as 
who will make it and who won 't, but here goes ... Easy : Horny 
Humpers and Atomic Pile ; Krapi : Bush League Bombers by 
forfeit of the rest of the league : P Red : Muad Dib ; Flunk: 
Chicken Gumbo and the Horowitz Brothers, but I'm not at all 
confident of this one ; Rat : Virgin Wool or Our Team, the VW's 

_ win hcndily when they play, Our Team wins hadily by ~orfeit ; 
and last, but certainly least, Dan's Clan-Wasted Again ... one 
of many teams whose team name is more of a description than 
anything else. 

On the lightest side, Astrid's party is scheduled for June 3 at 
Black's Beach. The intramural department will provide free 
hot dogs for eats. The action will start at12:3O and last till??? 
See you there. 
WICKED WICKET DEPT ... Don 't forget the croquet 
tournament this Sunday. Sign up at the intramural office. 

Sports calendar 
The sports scene winds down and for them the big weekend 

to a gradual close this week as 
even intramurals find 
themselves heading into the 
final playoffs . 

Wednesday the soccer team 
takes on heavy handed Mesa 
College at Mesa . The contest is 
scheduled to begin at 3:30 p.m. 

The crew team finds itself 
heading for the big weekend , 

Preview 
Thursday 
May18 
8p.rn, 

represents the western sprints 
at Long Beach . The big event 
will be held over Friday and 
Saturday with times to he 
arranged . 

The track team will be 
looking forward to a big 
weekend in the form of the 
NAIA District III meet to be 
held at Balboa Stadium Friday 
and Saturday evenings. 

The Amazing 
Anomaly 

Amorphous 
is coming 

alar 

BankAmericard· 
Travelers Cheques 

Free Budget Planning Kit 

AT BANI< or A~'[RIC~ S NGRTH LA JOI , A BRANCH 
32~5 LA JO.L A VI LL AGE DRIVE 

' 0 ' . . .. 1" . . . .. , ..... . ' :.,e 

Riverside cooks 
track teaD} 

The Tritons journeyed up to Riverside Saturday on a day 
when they really should have stayed home. Due to extremely 
adverse weather conditioDs, namely strong headwinds and a 
105 degree tempeorature, the team for the most part turned in 
disappointing times in tbe big invitational . 

The outstandillg athlete of the meet for UC San Diego had to 
have been Tom Philp, who placed in the lOO-yard dash with a 
time of 10 nat, the 1m yard high hurdles with a time of 15.1 , and 
in the 446-yard intermediate hurdles with a school record-
breaking time of 55 .7 seconds. Tom held the previous record at 
56 flat. 

Don Campbell also turned in a fine time in the 3,000 yard 
steeplechase, the third time he has ever run the event, in 10: 28. 
Rudy Meyers placed third in both the 100 and 220 yard dashes 
while Ed Avol took another third place in the mile. In the field 
events the lone bright spot for the Tritons was Kent Struther 
who equalled the school record of 6'4" in the high jump. The 
other Tritons took their lumps and turned in times that were 
hardly impressive, but understandable due to the weather. 

Next weekends UCSD will send its strongest contingent to 
the NAIA District III finals, which will be held at Balboa 
Stadium Friday and Saturday evenings. Tbe team's 
outstanding athlete of the season, Tom Philp, is entered in the 
llG-meter higb hurdles and in the 400-meter intermediate 
hurdles in wbicb he holds the school record. Don Campbell will 
be entered in the 440 intermediate hurdles along with Philp and 
in the 3,000 meter steeplechase. Ed Avol will run in the 1500 
meter race and in the 5,000 meter run where he will be joined 
by teammate Bob DeLeonardis. The 800 meter run will findBob 
Holzinger, the current school recordholder in the 880 at 1: 56 
flat, running along with veteran Kirk Newell . For tbe field 
events steady Kent Struther will compete in his specialty, the 
high ju'mp. Bill Tong, another school record holder in the triple 
jump with 44'11 liz ", will compete in that event. Winners of the 
events will be eligible to continue on to national competition 
with other members of the NAIA . 

AT THE 
Anomaly 
Factory 

AM 
Wed, May 17, 7:06 
Thurs. May 18, 12 :30 
Fri. May 19, 1:39 
Sat. May 20, 3:09 
Sun . May21 , 4:27 
Mon. May22 5:40 
Tues. , May 23 6:42 

High Tide 
Ht, PM Ht . 
4.5 7:01 6.6 
5.3 3:09 4.1 
4.6 4:07 4.4 
4.1 4:50 4.7 
3.8 5:29 5.1 
3.7 6:02 5.4 
3.7 6:29 5.7 

Preview 
Thursday 
May18 
8 p.m. 

Low Tide 
AM Ht. PM 

12:58 0.3 12 :58 
8:00 0.4 8:03 
8:39 0.0 9:45 
9:55 0,4 11 :04 

10 :44 0.7 11 :59 
11 :27 1.0 
12 :45 0,6 12 :61 

HI. 
0.7 
2.7 
2.3 
1.8 
1.2 

1.3 

1"""'" "'M'£"I1c'o'"'' "'''' .. 
TraV"el """hil.e 

YOu. .-tudy 
tSUD1~er 

••••••••• 

'1lVEEKS FOR 
$485 

UNIVERSITY 
OF MEXICO CIT 

I NCl.U DES 
• Tra n sportation 
• Tuit ion 
• Accommodations 

Por :rur-ther info. 
'lIVri-te OI'9 c a II : 
Tenochtitlan-MexicoTravei A gency 
Box 26279 , L.A ., CAL 0026 
(213) ~~7;6235 

Help wanted 

Would anyone witnessing the 
arrest of TOM DANA, 5'7", 140 
Ibs., blond-hair and beard, call 
755-'72G- Tom was arrested at 
the time that the passenger 
train was at the railroad 
station last Friday night. He 
was on a bicycle and was 
arrested for felonious assault 
and needs your help. 

LeVrs 
• 

c.u.M f,.. Pile t 
means and COlt of implementiDg a state policy guaranteeing 
that no qualified student would be forced to withdraw from an 
institution of higher learning for purely financial reasons . 

Coaferelee Pr.ll'lm 
Tbe first day of the conference was spent in workshops 

discussing various pieces of student Ielislation . Student rights 
and fees, women's rights, financial aids, child care, and the 
Cal Vet programs were ~ primary workshop topics . 

SpeakiDg in the financial aids workshop, a member of the 
legislative analyst 's office reported that .in the UC.system ~or 

'7~'71 there remained UDSpent student fmanclal aids totahng 
$7.4 million, and an assessed unmet need for financial aid funds 
of ..,.9 million. 

A student lobby representative stated that of the $7 .4 million, 
"over three million was federal funds which were allocated 
too late by Congress last year to be included in the university 
financial aid Pl"Olrams." Further, the representative stated, 
"Tbe $3.9 million figure was t best a conservative number 
which did cover only those students who were at the 
University, and did not include those students who were 
qualified to attend, but did not attend or even apply due to 
financial needs," 

Actual student lobbying filled Tuesday 's agenda. Student 
lobbyists contacted individual legislators, talked with them 
about various pieces of student legislation, and urged their 
official support. 

Preview 
Thursday 
May18 
8p.m. 

Student Lobby Seeking Co-Director 
The University of California 

Student Lobby announced 
Monday it is seeking applicants 
for the full-time position of 
lobby co-director. The lobby, 
now engaged in its second year 
of legislative activity. is an 
entirely student-run operation, 
organized to enable UC 
students to actively participate 
in the state legislative process. 

The two full-time lobby 
directors are responsible for 

Seniors Meet 
There will be a meeting of all 

interested graduating seniors 
at Muir College, on Wednesday, 
May 17 , at noon, in the 
Provost's conference room, to 
make the final decision as to 
whether there will be a class 
gift, and if so, what it will be. 
Suggestions are ranging from a 
donation to an anti-war cause, 
a humanitarian social concern , 
to a work of art by a Muir 
student. If you wish to 
influence this decision , come to 
the meeting. 

the overall operation of the 
program including 
developing legislation , 
coordinating the student 
internship program. providing 
campus annexes and media 
with information on Capitol 
dev e lopm e nt s , and 
ascertaining student opinion on 
the multitude of issues 
considered annually in 
Sacramento, 

Most importantly, the lobby 
directors must provide the 
necessary continuity and 
expertise for the 10 to 20 
student interns who work with 
the lobby in Sacramento each 
quarter . 

In order to ma intain 
credibility both in the 
legislature and on campus. it is 
essential that the lobby remain 
constantly in tune with 
students' sentimen ts and 
concerns. For this reason. 
lobby directors should be 
either recent or prospective UC 
graduates interested in 
Sacramento employment for 

one to two years. It is 
important, furthermore , that 
each applicant have a working 
knowledge of the University 
and have been active in various 
student organizations. Tbe 
position will begin during the 
first or second week of June so 
that the new director will have 
an opportunity to develop the 
necessary contacts a nd 
ex posure to the current 
legislative program, 

" Rather than relying on pro-
fessional advocates. the lobby 
has emerged as an entirely 
student-run and student-
s upport ed operation ." 
explained co-director Kati 
Perry. "For someone who is 
interested in advancing student 
concerns. and who would like to 
have complete exposure to the 
political process. the position is 
ideal. " 

Perspective applicants 
should contact their campus 
annex or call the Student Lobby 
in Sacramento via the tie-line 
to Davis. ext. 20206. 

Advanced Zymurgy* 
WEHAVETHE 
PERSONAL TOUCH. 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GlEATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTAlES INC, 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 
r--'----, 
, MOVIES , 
, REBiiWiTHOUT , 
t A CAUSE t 
, AT THE COFFEE HUT , 
, friday may 19 , 

t ON t 
t ~~~o:~~~!~! t 
, BiLIID , 
t FOR A SOLDIER t 
t a~ t 
, 1 M!~~2!2Ns, t 
, Also don't miss , 
, theCOFFEE HUT'S , 

t TfRIYAKI STEAK SPECIAL t 
, only$1.Z5 t 
, overy Yilosclay and Yhll'sday 

L INCLUDES CHOICE OF FRENCH FRIES OR J FRIED R\CU. SALAD ~~~~~~ 

lHl.Ol. 

BUdw 

(Think about it) 
.E"'~ H II /$II'/IM lUI "word"In 1M diClion.ry. M Ih ink '/Ou'l find tht pluUI tIM, dllcribe the l"IWOfd in 1IMr. 

May 16, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



r 

~ .... --classifieds--------~-----_ ....... 
travel services 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SP R I NG-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from SI29 One 

Way 
LowAirFareon 

Inter·European Flights 
ISRAEL- AFRICA-

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND·TRIPi 
J A PAN: FROM S3,., 
ROU ND·TR I Pi CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (r) 
EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM 5220 
ONE WAY FROM S135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E .P., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca. 926604 (714) 833· 
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 
Need ride to New York by 
May 28th. Will share gas 
and expenses. Call Karen 
274-1 .... 1. 

personal 
FREE U OF SAN DIEGO 
NEEDS TEACHERS . 
SHARE YOUR KNOW· 
LEDGE OR SKILL. NO DE· 
GREES REQUI RED. 'FOR 
JULY·SEPT . SESSION 
CALL BY MA Y 26, 27304925 
or 755-6175 (5 / 12) 

"Survival Value of 
Selfishness" a discussion 
and interaction with T. 
Munson, M.D., friend of 
Fritz Perls and President of 
Gestalt Therapy I nstitute of 
San Diego. Interesting, 
stimulating, challenging of 
conventional ideas of 
personal growth. House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m., Sunday May 21st. 
Students SUS, regular 
$l.oo. At the door . 

TEACHER OPENINGS 
Current listings of hundreds 
of California schools stili 
seeking teachers, faculty, 
and staff in all fields. 
Elementary schools 
through colleges, S3. Calif . 
School Placement Bureau, 
1974 Thousand Oaks Blvd. 
Berkeley, Calif . 94706. 
(5/16) 

"YOU DON'T HAVE A 
BODYi YOU ARE A 
BODY" is the thesis of 
Stanley Kelleman, 
dynamic, bellicose, 
involving Bio·Energetic 
Therapist presented by the 
Gestalt Therapy Institute of 
San Dil90 at House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m., Sunday May 28th. 
Students S1.75, others $l.00, 
at the door. 

ATTRACTIVE MODELS 
TOP PAY NAT. MAG. -
LEGITIMATE 444·1488 . 
(5/19) 

Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nec. Up to S25/ hr . Good 
hours. 235·0698 nites. (3/10) 

Wanted : Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nec. 
515/hr . Eve, Call 287·4966. 

WANTED - Mercedes 
Model 190 Workshop 
Manual Call Pat 453-~9" 
(5/19) 

SERVICES 

DISTI NCTIVE TYPI NG 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfactionis the end 
product. Helen .. 59-8828. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287· 
1607. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AMERICAN AND FOR· 
EIGN CARS. REPAIRS 
AND POLLUTION CON· 
TROL. STUDENT DIS· 
COUNT 77 ... HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (I N THE 
REAR) 459-9181. 
Typing. IBM electric. Work 
guaranteed. 453-8148. (612) 

for sale 
71 VW CAMPE R HAS 
EVERYTHING PLUS 
EXTRAS S3500 OR OFFER 
2832688 (5/16) 

DYNACO FM·3, PAT-4, and 
Stereo 120. Factory wired . 
A·1 condition. S325 453-6015. 
(5/16) 

CASSETTES - new hi· 
frequency series AMPEX 
C6O·36O, brand new, fact . 
sealed reg . S2.95, now only 
51.50 ea ., deals on more 
than 10. DAVE 453·9049 
(5122) 

'68 Corina 1600 GT, 
Mlchelins, AMPEX FM· 
stereo cassette deck, B RG 
wlblack Interior, tinted 
glass, new cluth & smog 
pump, 25 mlgal, xlnt mech 
cond, xlnt Int & est, fun to 
drive! Sl100 or best offer. 
Call me: 755-7836. (5/16) 

GRAND OPENING! Bon 
AI~e Bike Shop 152 S. 
Acacia, Solano Beach 755-
7281 New 10 Speeds 169.95 
(612) 

Getting Bored? Paperbacks 
& other cheap thrills 25(·S1. 
NostalgiC jewelry & 
records, stuff for next 
year's apt, threads, 5-drunk 
capacity styro ice chest . 
..59-74.t6 after 6. 

U PLYMOUTH 9 
PASSENGER STATION 
WAGON, EXCLNT 
CONDITION. MUST SELL. 
"53-8783 (5/19) 

Lecturn/Lecture Podium· 
Oak. Was S2OO. Near New 
$l5. 274-6189. (5/16) 

lost & found 

LOST AND FOUND ADS IN 
THE TRITON TIMES ARE 
FREE 

FOUND : silver ring in gym 
parking lot over weekend. 
Call Susie 453·5267 

FOUND: One fine 
mechanical pencil, In 
keypunch room, computer 
center, Muir 2·A, Sunday 
5/14172. Call ext. 2528, ask 
for Bill, &/or leave your 
name and pencil 
description. 

LOST: Sun., May 7, Tan· 
multi·colored female 
terrier mix in Pacific 
Beach. Weighs approx. 25 
Ibs.272-97S4. (5/16) 
LOST: source tape for 
music lC class, from HL126 
or lJot on May 5. Important! 
Contact Marsha, Tioga E· 
66, .. 53-o9U 

housing 
.. students need house apt. 
fall '72 near campus. Kathy, 
Nora .. 53 ..... 79. (5116) 

Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets: Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah a.u.G1. 

I need a place to live this 
summer, hopefully in Del 
Mar, Solana or La Jolla. 
Call me at 453-8136i Geoff 
Furman. 

Roommate needed for 
September own rm ., ocn 
view. Prefer female. For 
more info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

4 students need house, apt. 
fall '72 near campus. Kathy, 
Nora .. 53-8479. (5112) 

advertisements for ourselves 
~-announcements------------------........ 

Tuesday 
Art Opening : Fred 
Lonidier . Pornography, 
Surveillance , and 

. . Conceptual War . Beer and 
Meeting of the La Jolla Chips. 7:30. Art Gallery . 
Naturalists tonight at 7:30 
p.m., 210~ Bonner Hall. The Are you interested in 
speaker. IS Dr . Ben Banta, becoming an informed 
who ~III speak on " An voter? Dr . Alan Schneider, 
Ecological T~ansect Along UCSD professor and head of 
Nate Harrison . Gra~e, the San Diego Clean Air 
Palomar .Mountaln, With Council will speak on the air 
EmphaSIS on the pollution aspects of 
Am~hibian~ and Reptiles." Proposition 9. The 
A field. trip to Palomar discussion will be on 
Mo~ntaln on Sunday, May Tuesday, May 16, at 4 p.m. 
21 , IS planned . in the Revelle Formal 

At 8:30 p.m. this evening 
three pieces of music by 
UCSD students will be 
performed in building 408 
Matthews Campus. The 
pieces are : 1) "Foggy Days 
on Putt in Island" by Bruce 
Rittenoach and Warren 
Burt i 2) " Waking " by 
Bruce Leibig i 3) " Dancer 
and Szxophone" by Richard 
Martir •. Bonn ie Barrett is 
the dancer, Ernie Morgans 
perfor TlS (In tnp c;,,,,y 

The Chr istian Science 
Organ 'za tion will hold its 
regulu weekly meeting 
tonight at 7 p.m. in the 
Blake Conference Room . 
All s udents and faculty 
memters are cordially 
invited to attend . 

Lounge. 

Wednesday 
Tonight at 8:30 p.m. in 408 
Matthews Campus, several 
pieces of music by UCSD 
artists will 'be performed . 
Composers featured will be 
Warren Burt, Alan Trist, 
Alex ina Louie, Vladimir 
Vooss, Peter Salemi , 
Robert Ericson, Pauline 
Oliveros and Rick Lailer . 

Tonight the San Diego 
Commun ity Choir will be in 
concert at Gompers J un ior 
High School in San Diego. 
Admission is 52, and 
everyone is welcomed . 
Take Interstate 5 south to 
Highway 94, take the 47th 
Street turnoff, and bear 
right until you reach the 
school. 

Page 8 Triton Times May 16, 1972 

The Ecumenical 
Community is continuing its 
35·cent suppers on 
Wednesday at 5 p.m. for all 
interested students. Come 
to the Un iversity Lutheran 
Student Center across from 
Revelle for an inexpensive 
meal. 

" This country has more 
problems than it should 
tolerate, and more solutions 
than it· uses" - Ralph 
Nader. Come to the meeting 
of interested students at the 
Muir Fishbowl to help set up 
a Public Interest Research 
Group here at Revelle . 

Thursday 
At 12 noon there will be a 
UCSD women's meeting at 
the I nternationa I Center on 
Matthews. Marge Stanley, 
chairwoman of the San 
Diego division of NOW, will 
discuss "Affirmative 
Action ." 

An organizational meeting 
for the formation of a vets' 
club will be held Thursday, 
May 18 in the dining room 
off the NW corner of Muir 
cafeteria . 

Hoedown·dancing· 
American Folk·live music 
at 8 p.m. in Muir Commons. 

DEBATE : " Should the U.S. 
Rea rm or D isarm? " 
between U CSD's Dr . 
Herbert York and 
Stanford's Dr . Stefan T. 
Possony . HL Auditorium, 
Revelle Campus at 7 p.m. 
Admission is free . 

Friday 
Professor Michel Benamou, 
chairman of the Teacher 
Education Committee, 
announces the visit of Dr . 
Hugh Mehan, from Indiana 
University, who has been 
selected as Director of the 
Teacher Preparation 
program to start here next 
fall. All interested students, 
please come to room 2250, 
Muir 2A between 1 :30 and 
3:30 Friday, May 19, to 
meet Dr . Mehan and to hear 
about the state 
credentialing of teachers. 

general 
A LITERATURE DE· 
PARTMENT INFORMAL 
WEDNESDAY DIS· 
CUSSION : COMPLICIT, 
SUBVERSIVE OR INNO· 
CENT? WHAT ARE THE 
TEACHER'S PRIMARY 
RESPONSIBILITIES IN 
THE . CLASSROOM 
DURING PERIODS OF 
CRISIS? A FACULTY·STU· 
DENT PANEL WED· 
NESDAY MAY 17, .. P.M. 
REVELLE FORMAL 
LOUNGE. 

The deadline for applying 
for station manager at 
KSDT is 6 p.m. May 18. 
Apply in writing to John 
Clarke, KSDT Radio 314 
Me. 
If you have questions about 
your AMCAS appl ication, 
come to the Revelle 
Informal Lounge Saturday, 
May 20, 9:30·11 :30 a.m., or 
Tuesday, May 30, 7·9 p.m. 
Bring the application, 
questions, and if possible, 
transcripts fr'om all 
colleges attended. 

Muir commuters lockers 
are still available from 
Muir Dean's Office . The 
lockers are 51 for Spring 
Quarter . 

Graduating students or 
students who do not plan to 
return to UCSD for the fall 
1972 quarter beginning Sept. 
1972 and who have 
outstanding NDEA 
educational deferrment: 
health professions, 
Regents' or other type 
loans, should contact the 
loan collection office 204 
Matthews, for a loan exit 
interview. 

National Black Science 
Students' Organization 
meeting Tuesday, May 16 at 
6:30 s005 Diane Avenue, 
Clalremont. Contact X2312 
or Sheila, 292-7.tJ.t. 

Want to do something about 
the war? Get Air War vote 
petitions at 1) Noontime 
tables at Revelle and Mu iri 
2) 241 Blake UCSDi 3) 
Earth Song Bookstore in 
Del Mar . For more 
information phone Barbara 
at453-0889. AIR WAR VOTE 
PETITIONS MUST BE 
RETURNED BY MAY 16 
FOR THIS FIRST DRIVE . 

ATTENTION : 
BACHELOR'S DEGREE 
CANDIDATES WHO ARE 
lOOKING FOR JOBS. 
Management training and 
sales poSitions in San Diego 
are available with 
Prudential t nsurance 
Company. A representative 
will be on campus 
Thursday, May 18, 1972· to 
provide additional 
information. If interested, 
please call X2401 for an 
appointment, or come to 
Career Planning Services, 
6th floor, Bldg . 20 Muir 
College, where you may 
obtain a brochure 
describing Prudential as a 
potential employer . 

CQntrary to popular belief, 
UCSD does have an archery 
range, which is located lust 
off North Torrey Pln.s Rd. 
Equipment can be checked 
out In the gym. 




