
Shot fired from passing car 
wounds Ocean Beach girl 

John MacGregor 

Paula Tharp, 22, was wounded Thur day 
night by one of two shots fired from a light 
blue Plymouth Valiant as she sat in the living 
room of the Ocean Beach house she shares 
with Peter Bohmer, radical San Diego State 
economics professor , and six other people 

Lt Robert Walker of the San Diego 
homicide detail said there were no clues to the 
identity of the assailants He said a group 
calling itself the Secret Army Organization 
distributed flyers attacking Bohmer in late 
December. 

The leaflets referred to Bohmer 's radical 
political activities and also to college 
disciplinary proceedings then pending against 
him for alleged ly threatening to lower 
studf'nts' grades if they disagreed with his 
views. Bohmer was cleared of these charges 
December 31, after a two-week facl-finding 
hearing. 

The Secret Army Organization flyers said: 
" To any of our readers who may care to look 
up this RED SCUM and say hello , here is some 
information that may help " Following this 
they listed Bohmer 'S address, physical 
descriptIOn, and the make and license 
number of his automobile 

According to Bill Ritt r , a an Diego State 
s nior and a Bohmer supporter, police were 
informed of threats against the economics 
professor several months ago but paid no 
attention to them until after the shootmg. 

State College professor Peter Bobmer 

Ritter al 0 said the Secret Army 
Organization was a right-wing paramilitary 
group made up of former servicemen in the 
San Diego area . 

" We are calling for a full-scale government 
investigation, with citizen participation, of the 
shooting and of other right-wing paramilitary 
organizations," Ritter said. 

Miss Tharp was taken to Doctor's Hospital 
where she was treated for a bullet wound in 
the right elbow. 

Leaflets distributed by a radical right-wing 
group dUring the last part of December, 
urging readers to "look up" Professor Bohmer 
Indicate that Bohmer, who was attending a 
basketball game at the time of the shooting, 
was apparently the intended target. 

Acting President Donald E. Walker of San 
Diego State said he was "deeply shocked by 
the aUack and IOJury to MI s Tharp " Walker 
al 0 said "s veral measures have been 
initiated to Insure the safetv of Mr Bohmer" 
on campus. Walker did ' not reveal th 
measures. 

Investigation due 

II Know about these criminals" 
fo:dito r's Note : As the 

TRITON TIME went to press 
the fo llowing press release was 
received concerning the 

~hooting of radical Paula 
fharp reported elsewhere on 
thiS page. The views expressed 
In the following article do not 
necessarily represent the 

vie~s of the TRITON TIMES 
and is printed to provide the 
unhersity community with a 
maximum of information 
concerning this unfortunate 
incident. The release was 
issued by a group calling itself 
the Committee to Investigate 
Right WingTerrorism . 

January 6. two shots were 
fired into the resid nce of 
Peter Bohmer. One woman. 
Paula Tharp. was hil in the 
arm Two bones were broken 
and one shattered, causing 
permanent damage. 

This mcident is only the 
late 1 in a campaign to 

terrorize and intimidate Pete 
Bohmer and other activist In 
San Diego. Peter's life has been 
threatened periodically since 
May. 1971 In the last few 
month . threats and attacks, on 
Pet r and other have been 
stepped up Many of these have 
come from the Secret Army 
Organization. including a cail 
December 25. anything. " Wish 
Pete a Merry Chnstmas, it will 
be his last. " 

The day of the shooting. 
stickers from the ecret Armv 
Organization were found 
around Peter 's office and 
mailbox at D ,shortly after 
some of Peter 's students saw 
three su picious looking white 
males in their early thirti s 
hanging around th hall outside 
Peter's office. That afternoon a 
phone call wa ' received at his 
home with the message ," ext 
time we won't just leave 
stickers at his office, we might 
leave a grenade," Another AO 
sticker wa found tuck next to 

the door at Pete 's hou e at 
about 8 00 p.m. The attempted 
murder occurred around 9: 15 
p.m A neighbor and a guest in 
the house saw two white men In 
a light blue Valiant ('64) drive 
off after the shooting 

The e attacks and threats 
have to be put In the context of 
an American oCletv where 
people like Ixon. Agnew. and 
Reagan carefully create an 
atmosphere of hystena and 
fear round those concerned 
With social change Nixon in '68 
campagined on a law and order 
platform. Reagan , speaking of 
removing radicals from the 
campusI.' said. " If It takes a 
blood bath let ' get it over 
with ," Deputy Attorney 
General Kellndlen t label 
those WIth leftist politics 
"Ideological Criminals" 
( hade of Big Brother l and 
proposes they all be put In 
pn on campus Such actIOn 
and statement prOVide an 

(continued on page 3) 

Mark Masaoka 

lathers and mother. IS 
Important in enriching the 
curmu lu 11, accord 109 to 
Josephine Th I day care ('('ntN 
IS a dCVt:lopment from two 
year agc y, hl'n a p'ffJUP of 
mostly sm<!lc rnothr:r Irom thc' 
women ' liberatIOn group 
sharl!d takm~ care of each 
other' chlldn n In RCHIlt 
Plaza and. n adjOining room 

La~t ) ear thp group mo\ ed mto 
an unoccupied blllldlnl-' Clnd 10 
ncar th(' Matthew') dorm 
'ndcr pres ure from the Cltj 
H~alth Ikpartm('nt to upgradp 
faC'lllties or clo~I' down the 
group ~ Ilh th a Istallce of 
Assistant VIC Chan(,pllor 
:\1dry fkck!'r :u('('('cded If 
obtaining fund to hf'lp pay lor 
the provIslcJn of running Yo aler 
toilets , a n('w floor and th 
hiring of a dlrec·tor 

One of the les er known 
uccesse of the women 's 

liberation group has been the 
establishment of a parent 
cooperative day care center 
Having expanded this year to 
meet health regulation and to 
mclude a full lime director , the 
c nter has grown to Include 28 
children, 8 bemg full time. 
De plte grants from the 

The most pre slOg problems 
of the dav care center are the 
lack of funds , the need for more 
help and th need for 
expan Ion The parent fees 

However With CI growm 
numb 'r of mten'sted pdrents 
and children, the problem of 
space IS b('commg more acut£' 
The \'ard used is qUill' mall 
With no land. caplng and no 
grass . Mor Importantlv, to 
Josephm , IS th ' advantaJ!e In 
diViding the cld Into two 
group , on(' With tht, oldf'r 
children and a roup 01 tht, 
younger A' U. age of the 
children var" from 11 month 
to 5 Years, io' phlne xpl,lIn 
their ne d, mterests and 
attention pan are different 
On group could be geared for 
younger children, whereas the 
other would be preparatory for 

Reg nts and A. many need 
of the CSD community and 
the day care center are still not 
bemg met 

Josephine F'oulkas, the 
center's director, deSCribed the 
atmosphere he is cr atlng 
.\\ e glvr the children the 

freedom to experiment With 
thmg: . to exprc':s thems Irc>, 
and a Ion d. th('\, don't hurl 
them:dves or othr-r , th dre 
fre to do (Im·thing We don t 
limit th'm .. I 'c\'ertheles. , the 
day s program L well 
organl7.ed to mdude art: and 
crafts, story reading. spanish 
clas es for the older chlldr~n 
and from time to lime p clal 
projects pre. ent d by parents 
as well as field tripS Last 
week . the children took the 
train from Del Man to an 
Diego 
are pre enlly $60 p r child per 
month . full time ThiS pnce I 

till too high for many Ingle 
stud nt With children to 
afford Morehelp m the way 01 
volunteer and more time than 
IS pre ently gl\ en b~ both 

.chool Jo.ephm al.o .ald he 
fe('ls that par nts fee: could be 
redu(,l'd y, Ilh an expanded 
enrollment 

The ISU(', of dav care are 
being ra!. rd mort" and more 
and It I b '('omlng Incn'amgh 
accrptl'd that da\ rare I. part 
(If thl' re:ponslblllt\ 01 tht' 
COnllllUnlt, A Laura Iia I 
one 01 ttir nwmber. of the 
foundm womt n: group. 
explained, regardln the 
beginning of tht' center. 

\'tomen need time for 
thernsel\e" and to pur'Ul' th Ir 
uwn mtt'n·st. and (or. tudent. 
tlml' to stud~ \\ t' got together 
ilnd rOl1pl'rall\ ply too care 01 
each otht'r children With thl.' 
father's partiCipatIOn a. well 
Wt\e bl'en trying to get th 
lathl'!'.· to partl(,lpclte and shan' 
In the re!'pllnslblhty of child 
('are, but tht' vast part of thiS 
burdrn ha. al"a~s fallen upon 
women 

Hebrews lose language 
Due to apparent bureaucratic 

mlxups and lack of publlclt., U D 
IS about to lose It Hebrew class 

For a number of year ' .• tud('nts at 
U . D. have a ked the 
admlnl tratlOn to et up a cour e ID 
beginning Hebrew Fmally, la t 
quart r, growlDg student pr ure 
prompted the language department to 

t up the clas Twenty-sl people 
r gl lered 

However. credit for the cla was 
revoked one third the way IOtO the 
quarter The cIa contmued but many 

tud('nt~ w( re forced to drop 
Fmalh. th re \\JS dl. rovered <l wa\ 

to glH? the clas~ for ('r('dlt through 
l r. 0 exte:l:lOn HOy,l' \ er, thiS ~a" 
not dl'flnltr unlll finals week leJvmg 
no time for r ubllclt~ 

The cour ( I continUing thiS quart r 
tor full Crt'<lI but unle ... . ' veral more 
people regis l'r It y, III Ix> forced to 
fold The I v I I, mterm('dlale for 
anyone ~ho hrl had a IIltl 
background For IDformatlOn call 11ke 
at 453-5844 to Ke p HE-brew at 

C .D 



news from 
Co,mmunity planning 
forum begins Wed. 

University Community Forum has been started by the 
ASSOCiated Students to engage In meaningful dialogue about 
the Issues which now confront the university community. In 
thiS day and age of confrontatIOn politics, shouting down, and 
closed. unobJecllH' minds, diSCUSSIOn and communication will 
be sought Wi th the mood ot thoughtful reasomng ans the 
re xaming 01 assumpt ions. Meetmgs will be held the second 
\\ednl'sda\' of even month at 7'30 pm m ConferencE' Room 1\ 

Two tOPICS Will be dl:cussed at the first meeting this commg 
\\ ednf'sda\'. th(' fir t tOPIC Student Llf('-Styl!'s and Abodes 
Discussion Will be centered around a responSible survey 
completed by a !!rtlUP of llCSD students as part ot a Soclolofy 
Department mdrpl'ndpnt stud:;: class The stud~ was 
sper'ltlcally de.lgned hi prOVide studrnt Input for the 
Cmv\!rsitv Communit, Plan 

The second tOPI(' for dlscus.·wn Will bl' Interrogating the Rol 
ot the Churches Dls('usslOn as to th!' planning and devt!lopment 
ot the :ome 26 ant's of land In th(' \'nlverslty Community Plan 
that has been earmar ed for church usc shall be held a well as 
the rE'sponslblllt~· of the church to foster a en c of community. 

Bank introduces 
sugar cane checks 

Ecology IS making Its mark on checks 
Wells Fargo Bank IS starting the :--;ew Year by printing all of 

Its checks on paper made from a sugar cane by -product. 
The Bank 's customers use 200 million checks a year " It 

would take about 8.000 trees to produce thiS much paper for the 
checks." said Rob('rt L Kemper, Wells Fargo executive vice 
pre iden!. 

The by-product. known as " bagasse", IS a crushed , juiceless, 
fibrous' residue deflved from the cane stalks arter the mill 
extracts the sugar 

The Bank has Instructed ItS pflnters to use bagasse as 
current wood pulp paper stocks are depleted . Each of the 
baga. se checks Will bear a small ecology symbol In the lower 
right corner 

Kemper stated that 25 cents of the total purchase price of 
each new check order Will be contributed to an ecological 
endeavor named b\' the customer Thes 25 cent contributions 
wm ~enerate a fund of "bout $75 .000 a year for enlllronmental 
groups. 

Kemper said that bagasse was chosen rather than recycled 
paper since the latter could not meet the requ irements of 
check printing. Foreign material In the paper could detract 
from the magnetic readmgs and recycled paper would not be 
able to print the scentC four color stagecoach checks. 

Valentine Pulp & Paper Division of Litton Industries , 
Lockport, loUisiana . the one firm In the Untted Slates which 
converts bagasse to paper. has been making paper from 
bagas e for 17 years The major difference between making 
paper from wood pulp and making paper from bagasse has 
been made ready for paper-making After de-pithing. bagasse 
IS processed the same as wnod ChiPS, Including the cooking, 
screening and bleaching processes 

Four sugar mill s In the Lockport area supply Valentine. And, 
because neither drought nor freeze effects the presence of the 
stalk from which bagasse emanates, and due to its fine quality, 
Valentine says It would take a skIlled fiber technician working 
with a microscope to determine bagasse content in paper. 

Kemper said orders for the new checks are now being laken 
and will be available for all customers m February. 

HOUSing booklet. discount 
coupons announced by AS 

ASSOCiated Students at UCSD arc follOWing the example of 
other student governments m dlstnbutlng coupon books wh ich 
can be used In various restaurants and other busmesses around 
the communltv The booklet , called Money Saver, contains 
about 50 coupons With discounts from 10 per cent - 35 per cent 
at some clothing stores to a savmgs of $25 on scuba lessons 

Th Money Saver was prepared by UCSD students worki ng 
With A S on their own inltlallve. spending 400 man hours in the 
('ftort The booklet was ongmally prICed at $4 75 but reduced to 
295 to make the books more avatlabl' People who p~rchased 
the b(,lk at the ongmal price mav obtain a refund of the 
dlft 'r( 11('(' bv presentmg their receipt at the bookstore 

In a lOthf'f A S project Steve Pingree. A S. Off Campus 
HOUSlT p Coordmator has produ('ed a booklet on the sometimes 
bewld. rm/! ('xpPrlenrl' of IIvlOg off campus Some of the 
Impor; ant questions covered In the booklet are What dulles 
does It f' idllUill,J l,o,,- in jlr~"'rilnfl vou wllh decent. clean. and 
safr h "ISing dnd IS monthly r(,ntal of a long te l rn It!ase better 
for vo 1-' H(JW do you dt'clpher the legal Jargon In thc rental 
a~rrel If-nt yOU ha've to sign " AdvJ('l' IS also given on housing 
crISt· tor pxamplp what vou ~hould do when the landlord 
thrra! 'n tOI'\'ICt you . or h()~ to ('ollf'('t In J small claims court 

~ h(-n the landlord break' a promlsP The Important 
rcspor sl bllItlrs vou takr on ~h('n \ou ('omrnlt yoursl'lf to a 
rf'ntal a~n'f'm('nt arl' also ('uVNPd 

ThiS booklet IS avallablr Ir!'!' ot charge In th( !lOUSIng 
0111(,(' . :l!)O \ldtthl'wS Cdmpu In :JddltlflO Steve Pingree IS 
avallabl(' til ansl'\w hfJu~lOl! questions , legal SOCial or 
otherwlsf'. In hiS oIlIn' :Jt 250 \latthev.s Campus or by calling 
('xtrnslon 2381 fir 191~ 

Page 2 Triton Times January II, 1972 

National Student Lobby conce rned with 
education, defense, and national priorities 

Earlier thiS vear the 
Associated Student ' of lIC D 
JOined the National Student 
Lobby . an organizatIOn 
deSigned to serve thc lIlterests 
ot students throug political 
lobbYing and relat('d acl1vlti('s. 
The NSL is currently engaged 
10 a broad diverSity of is. ues In 
which all students 'are urg('d to 
parllclpate\mong them 

III Student are urged to 
write their Senators and 
encourage them to support the 
Senate versIOn of the nev. 
lhgher Education Act of 1971 

The Sena t e version of the Act 
contains several Important 
pieces of legi lallon which Will 
have a direct effect on 
students . The mos t 
Important of these proviSIOns IS 
the EducatIOnal Opportunity 
Grant Program {E,O.G t, 
which would guarantce 
students In need of fInancial 
asslst"nce at least some money 
to attend schooL :'-lever before 
ha s the concept of 
guaranteeIng money for needy 
students been IOcorporated into 
a higher education bill 

In the House -S enate 
conference a few members 
trom each chamber Will meet 
to hammer out the ftnal version 
of the Higher EducatIOn Act for 
1971 - and It is the purpo e of 
the 'SL to make sure that the 
Senate versIOn of the E.O G 
program remains 10 the bill 
The NSL's lobbymg efforts 
have thus been concentrated on 
the Senate conferees in an 
attempt to convince them not 
to "give in " or "receed" to the 
House on the po tnt of the 
E.O.G. program . 

The Act will be taken up on 
the Senate floor sometime in 
late Janua ry. It is expected 

that a revised versIOn of the bill 
Will go to conference sometime 
10 February. The fmal vcr. Ion 
to be sent to PreSident 'Ixon 
for signature Will come out of 
the House-Senate conference 

b fore Ellender 's committee in 
accord with the pnorltIes 
m:Jndated bv the NSL 
refcr('ndummas' of this date 
Student· are urged to tesUfy 
personally and If Interested 

I Credit due for lobbying I 
The UCSD Lobb\ Annex , the lInk on campus betwetn the UC 

Student Lobbv ::\ nd the student body needs volunteers to 
coordInate acilvities that will be coming up soon on campus, 
such as a referendum on Issues the lobby should get involved 
In. a votpr regl trallon drive, and other projects. The Lobby is 
currently arrangIng for academiC credit to be given for UCSD 
students working a interns In the lobby in Sacramento on a full 
time baSIS Different Interns will be sent to Sacramento each 
quarter who will then come back to UCSD to head the Lobby 
Annex for a quarter. 

For more information on the Associated Students' lobbYIng 
actiVities. contact Mike Weiss at 250 MC, the AS office, or 
extensIOn 1913 

{21 Senator AlIenJ Ellender, 
Chairman of the Senator 
ApproprIations Committee, has 
announced that his committee 
will conduct 4 or 5 days of 
heanngs about mid-February 
for wit nesses fr om 
"organizations concerned with 
natIOnal Issues" to testi fy on 
" natlOnal goa ls and priorities 
as reflected in the new budgf't 
document" (the President 's 
Budget for Fiscal Year 1973 
which will be released about 
Feb. I . 1972 l. According to 
E: lIender. "We would invite 
them to testify on general goa ls 
and priorities rather than of 
s peCific app rop ri a tion 
line items. The line items will 
be con si de r e d by t he 
subcommittees at a later 
date." 

The NSL plans to testify 

are to contact Peter Coyle in 
the SL office in Wash Ington , 
D.C. (31 HEW'S Off ice of 
Environmental E: ducation 
r cenlly announced $3 billion 
for environmental educa tion, 
wi th the bulk of the money to 
go in "small grants" (up to 
$\0,0001 to citizen's. volunteer 
and nonprofit organizations 
which have been in existence 
fo r one year or more. 
Competition will be intense, 
with many thousands of 
proposals expected before the 
deadline of January 28, 1972. 

The "small grants" are to be 
used for seminars, workshops 
or conferences designed to 
crea te a community or 
regional awareness of its own 
pa rti cul a r environmental 
resources and problems. and to 

work toward a consensus on a 
strategy or stratrgies for 
acllon EmphaSIS will be on 
'community Im'olvemrnt' of 

diverse element> In th(' 
planning, runnIng. dnd follow 
up or the conf(>[cnn' or 
work ·hop Propo~als must 
demonslrate "an Inllovallvl' 
approach to educatIOn" on a 
Wide ran~e of enVironmental-
technologlcill Is:ues Some 
priOrIty Will be given to ' urban 
environmental education " 

Groups on or around campus 
who are interested 10 such a 
project should contact NSL 
immediately and obtalO a cop~ 
of HEW s Handbook on 
Preparing Proposals for tbe 
Environmental Education Al'l. 
NSL will help you g t your 
proposa l written , and will 
follow It up With the Office of 
EnVironmental Education to 
m ure It gets fully conSidered 

{4 I Students who have a 
project 10 the humamlles are 
urged to contact the atlOnal 
Endowment for the Humanities 
for possible grant~ and 
endowments The NEil . 
established m 1965, ha as its 
main purpose the prOVision of 
financial support to ind ividuals 
and institutions engaged in the 
prod ucllon and dlssemmation 
of humanlsllc knowledge. 

" Hu manities" as defmed 
includes. but is not limited to. 
language, literature, history, 
jurisprudence , philosophy, 
archaeology, and the history, 
criticism, theory, and prac tice 
of the a rts. The N E: H now has a 
special Youth Ad visory Board 
to fund student and youth-
initiated projects. Interested 
students or organi zations 
should contact Peter Coye, c/o 
NSL .. Washington D C. 

A "6 · II nswers to onlou r 

Even Serbs have cul ture 
1 What city and state has the l a r~est Serb population in the 
US? 
2 When IS the Serbian Christmas? 
3 What IS the commonly known name of Josip Broz , guerilla 
leader against the Nazi and present da y preSident of 
Yugoslav ia? 
4 What is the name of the Serb nationalist who assassinated 
the Archduke Ferdinand . startIng World War P In what town 
did hedo thiS? 
5 What IS the Serbi an word for Circle used to describe folk 
dances~ 
6 Who was th S rb-Amencan PhYSicist who nam IS given 
LO the magnetic uni t of the Weber p r meter ? 
7 What are the SIX republics of YugoslaVia? 
8 What IS tamburIca? 
9 Who IS the Serb Sup r tar of th Atlanta Hawks? 
10. What docs YugoslaVia mean? 

1. People called the Francs. 
2. L'Elysee 
3. 1958 
4. Louisiana 
5. The Bastille was taken by the people. 
6. 0rly 
7. Cognac 
8. Marseille 
9. Tom Jefferson 
10. The Fourty members of the French Academy 
II. Malroux 
12. more than 360 
13. " And God Created Woman." Costa Gauras 
14. France-Soir 
15. G. Eiffel 

TT new s staff meeting 
TT news staff m cting T hursday at 

4:30. Old w rit ers an d inter es ted ncw 

"'Tilers pl ease r;ome . We h ave 1I t\.-vo-

unit class th is qUCl rt cr. Some pay 

som e tim es. 

* * * * * * * * * 

Right, Left and Reality 
by Willia m H, lod dard 

Al£red Korzybski, the creator of General Semantics, made 
extensive use of the idea of 'levels of abstraction:According to 
this idea, human awareness operates on many levels of 
generality, beginning with concrete perceptions of physical 
objects and extending basic principles of logic and 
mathematics ; the function of the more abstract ideas is to 
keep track of the less abstract, as in physical formulae which 
summarize the motion of countless objects. 

Korzybski argues that a key defect in human intellectual 
functioning, and , when emotionally adhered to or marje legally 
binding, in spirit and institutions, is the development of breaks 
between lower and higher levels. One side of this flaw is the 
man who can see only physical concretes, ignoring the long-
term implications of his experience; the other is the man who 
is so much in love with his abstract prinCiples that he is 
unwilling to recognize that any experience can ever make them 
invalid. These are what is ultimately behind Woersching and 
Olson, respectively . 

Think about Olson 's assertion that students, by ignoring the 
basic ideas of Western civilizations, hav~ lost touch with the 
underlying nature of the university, with " the ontological 
foundations of an objective moral order." This assumes that 
Western civilization's ideas - the ideas expressed, for 
example. by Plato and Dante - already describe accurately 
the nature of reality, and the things men should do about it. 
Olson assumes, in other words, that we already know what 
reality is like, at least on the moral level ; that, in Buckley's 
words, some questions are not open. (Or, as Marcuse said, on 
some issues there is only one side.) 

In making thiS claim, Olson - like conservatives in general 
- commits himself to the belief that reality must fit his ideas ; 
that its failure to do so is a flaw in reality. He commits himself 
to believe that only that joy or suffering which is described or 
expressed in his terms has any reality ; that only those 
institutions whose existence is prescribed by existing law are 
any good. It is not that he willfully seeks to create human 
misery, or oppressive institutions ; but he is required by his 
own beliefs to fail to perceive any joy or freedom outside of his 
rules, and therefore to treat experimentation as criminality or 
treason. He cannot see men 's destruction by his rules other 
than as willful self-destruction. Thjs is a basis for the worst of 
all totalitarianism and imperialism : not mere plutocratic 
greed or military vainglory, but the deadly moral fanaticism 
which lit the fires of the Crusades, the Inquisition , and their 

• • 

* * opInIon page * 
modern revolutIOnary counterparts. 

The other side IS Reich's advocacy of Consciousness III 
Reich is profoundly mistrustful of all abstractions, he wants to 
deal directly with concretes. Thus, he proposes that 
Consciousness III would see the need to end poverty, war, 
racism and pollution, and would , out of campassion, take direct 
action toend it . Unfortunately, his direct action is Informed by 
no analysis of the source of the trouble. 

It is simply not true that human good will can solve all 
problems; their solution requires carefu l analysis and 
planning, together with constant testing of results . Reich IS 
like a barbarian who sees farmers going hungry and proposes, 
" You should eat your seed gra in If you really cared about 
hunger, you wouldn 't feed me thi s abstract bullshlt about next 
year 's crops, you'd take direc t action." 

Reich does appeal to general ideas - " love," " awe," 
" reverence," Unfortunately, he IS totally vague about their 
concrete significance. The actions he propo es as their 
manifestation- government spending tolerance and so on - are 
the same ones current libera ls demand and often get, with 
dismal results. All that " love" appears to mean, In his usage, 
is participation m a tribal ritual. a form of intellectual and 
emotional masturbation, without productive outcome. 

Ultimately, Reich 's world , deprived of any ideas or 
institutions capable of integrating men's actions over a long 
span of time, would collapse into the tribal warfare of the 
Stone Age. All our abstractions. flawed as they are, have been 
tools in a long stuggle to escape this; Reich would have us 
throw them away. Comfortable in his technologically secured 
environment, he can propose that we no longer need the tools 
by which we control nature, producing that environment ; he is 
blind to the long-term suffering which would result from 
simple renunciation of that control. 

The only solution to that debate, and to the problems which It 
springs from, is to heal the spli t in mind and institutions. 
Intellectually and morally , we cannot afford to have priestly 
abstractions walled off from the hard-headed realism of 
shrewd peasants , or walled camps of duty in the midst of 
chaotic impulses ; men must think as a means of ordering their 
perceptions; plan as a means of strengthening, fulfill ing and 
resolving connicls among their emotions, rather than as a 
means of suppressing them . Institutionally, we need to have 
full freedom of individual choice at the base of our laws, and to 
structure those laws so that this freedom can continue Without 
self-destruction ; in other words, we must have full conjuncllon 
of freedom and responsibility, not the tyranny of conservatism 
or the nihilistic irresponsibility of revolution of Reich's 
fantasiies . 

The way out, perhaps, can be seen in humanistic psychology 
and education, in the social theories of anarchism and the free 
market, in Neitzsche 's critique of priesthood and dogmatism. 

F A ~G TO 
'7Z . 

/k} l1H~ 
ONJC6 I 
C£[£eRATr 
THe a/?- "" 
FAbH/OkW 
AMeRrCNJ 
VIRfve (f"-

W[~tJlk)G 
lH6 WAR 
t\SAI~ST 
1Ht lXHO-
CRAfS. /' 

* * * * * * * * * * 

letters to the Editor 
On Political Lies 
PolitiCS has long been 

corrupted and another example 
is evident in the series of 
articles by the Students for 
Musl·.te and the Republican 

atlonal Committee. Their 
e nthUSiasm for their 
respective candidates has 
caused them to tWist and 
distort facts to enhance their 
candldate 's electablltty 

The RepubHcan NatIOnal 
Committee In their letter of 
Jan. 4. 1972. claims that Muskle 
was wrong In hiS analYSIS of the 
racial (racist ) a til tudes of 
Amenca They then quote a 
poll to support their conclUSIOn 
(24 per cent saying that a Black 
on the llcket would make It 
" less likely" that they 'd vote 
for the ticket , 13 per cent 
saying "more likely ," 57 per 
cent, no preference , 6 per cent, 
no opmlon. I. Only the 24 per 
cent and 13 percent figues are 
very relevant to the issue. and 
with 24 per cent saying less 
likely and only 13 per cent 
saying more likely, there is a 
net unfavorable response by 11 
per cent of the persons polled 
With two of the last three 
presidential elections being 
decided by less that 1 per cent 
of the voters, 11 per cent IS a 
significant loss 

While the Republicans ignore 
facts , Muskle supporters 
simply change them to suit 
their needs. Mr Robinson 's 
article was justly crillcized by 
Mr. Lofton for changing the 
results of the poll to fit his 
thesis. 

It IS m} hope that here at the 
UOlverslty we can be honest 
enough and objective enough to 
stop thiS Si lly bandYlOg of lies 
and chose a man for hi merits 
and not for hiS opponents 
faults. 

Anonymous 
hIIlO" , \tlI" 

In ,h t· j""In. Ih,- I HI fO \ 
T I \I F ~ 1/, II "tI t /) , , n t 
OI1UII'OI'I(I\ 1"III'n . or 1,-Ilf'" 

.~n('d nif' reh "f flfh I nil'" "ll· 
r/pn' " 

To Err ;s Human 
Editor 

As the UCSD Students for 
Muskle '·staff writer I not , as 
Mr Lofton eems to believe, 
the co-ordlOator I. I must 
apologize for the mcorrect 
figure of 43 per cent. which 
appeared 10 my reply to hiS 
prevIous reply to my arucle 

The erroneous figure was m 
fact derIVed from Mr Lofton's 
earher letter. and when I 
obtamed the correct results of 
the Gallup Poll. I failed to 
properly note the correction on 
my draft copy of the letter, 
With the result that the error 
wound up 10 the fmal copy 
submitted to the TRITON 
TIMES 

Though I must admit to thiS 
carelessne s In my 
proofreading I do nOI beheve 
that thiS blunder Will serve to 
clear the American publJc of 
my charge of political raCism, 
though I am ha ppy to see that 
we are not as racist a mv 
letter incorrectly Implied . 

Richard Robmson 
CCSD Students for Muskie 

TJte Golden Rollin Belly 
Pub/He lauranl The A.S. COUNCIL wants you to have a 

Entertainment Nightly 
Sunday Brun(h Concert 

Prime Rib 
Gourmet Casseroles 

"'A un iqu d ini ng Cxp f1cncc_ 
225 15th St." Del ~Iar 755-.4,4 

MONEY SAVER 
Therefore , the p ri ce ha s been reduced to 5295 furthermore It is 
GUARANTEED that you will save more than he purchase price , or 
return booklet and sa les recei pt to pu b lisher for full refund Available 
at bookstore cashier' s a nd now on Revelle Plaza t(lO . Hurry, supply and 
offer limited . 

Triton Times January 11 , 1972 Page 3 



PAPA DINUCHI'S 
ITALIAN FOOD 

Wednesday Nite Special: 
Spaghetti Dinner, All You Con Eot S 1.59 

327 N. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 755-2733 

l!l ••••••••••••• ii1 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PREPARATION FOR FEBRUARY 
LSAT 

GRE ATGSB 
BEGINS JANUARY l51h 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• Pr,paratlon for tests required for admission to • 
pon·gradUate scnools. 

• Slx·s ... lon courseS-Smaller groups. • 
• TapeOlessons for review or unattended Classes. • 
• Course m.terlal consuntly updated . 
• Hom. study malerl.1 prepared by .xperts In eacn field • 

STANlEY H. KAPLAN =' . 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER Since 1938 • 

• In San Diego Area (714) 488-0791 • 
1!I ••••••••••••• fi1 

On stage'lhe house of 
blueleayes 
1." PIW m Iicrna attIcS O't\a'd 
"Best New American Play" ... 
A prize-winning play by John Guare 
about a laughable loser 'f 
Through February b. For 
information & reservations 
cell 23Q-22SS, after noons. 
T ues, Wed, Thur, Sun $2.50 & $2.00 
Fri, Sat ........... $3 .00 & $2.50 
Sun. matinee ... . .. $2.00 & $1 .50 
Special student rate: 
$1 .50 anytime except Saturday 

olb globe tt)eatre b;~~fa 

NOW PLAYING 
LAST 3 WEEKS 

MARJORIE LORD 
AND 

BRANDON de WILDE 
IN 

Butterflies 
Fore ree 

By Leonord Gersne 

TUES., WED, THURS. 8:30 PM 
SUN 5·00 PM $5.50, $450 

FRI., SAT 8·30 PM. $6.50, $5.50 
SAT, SUN. 2:00 PM $5.00, $4.00 ()ff 
(jl!()t\[)Wt\~ 

Tti~ATl2~ 
BOX OFFICE OPEN 109 DAilY 

TICKETS ALSO AVAILABLE AT ALL 
HIGHLANDER STORES 
& METRO AGENCIES 

SPECI Al 'J00 STUDENT 
DISCOUNT FOR All PERFORMANCES 
BUllerfl ies' prOVided a solid evening'\ en· 

terlalnment ond who can ask for much more 
MISS Lord conveyed a moving quality of 
genuin~ UIIJ " ... !It:~~ t"nrierness," Son 
Diego UNION 

BUllerfiles' nos) wistful and sOaring 
cnorm. and adept portrayals by ItS four 
players Brandon de Wilde IS excellent" 

- - EVENING TRIBUNE -------Th:oifa;~ci:,;yThe:;;;-------
314 F Street, San Diego, CA 9'2101 . 

(All 235-6535 fOR A TlONS 

Page 4 Triton Times January 11, 1972 

CINEMA 
A Clockwork Orange 

A Clockwork Orange has arrived on The Scene with the force 
of D-Day Time and Newsweek have headlined It . Critics hav!' 
made profound Judgments about it a a Parable Of Our Tin1l's . 
the with-it erowd has already 'een It three times . The 
dIscerning moviegoer will have already recognized these 
phenomena as slj(ns of a Very Bad MOVie. but for once he IS In 
for a surprise' A lock work Orange, despite some major 
faults. has moments of true excellence that stand like 
a lighthouse amidst thl' pornographic and commcrcial 
mainstream. 

Briefly. we have a fantasy-fable of the future. set In an 
Orwelltan nightmare world ruled after dark by teen-age I(angs 
Our anti-hero is Alex . leader of hiS own I(ang and a working 
class tough whose prtmary Intere ts In life seem to be 
mugl(mg. loottnl(. raping and listening to Beethoven. Alex IS 
nothtng short of a faSCist beast. a causeless rebel whose level 
of thoubht oscillates between the gutter and the groin yet 
there IS one aspect of hiS humanity that is not perverted. and 
that is his love of classical mu ic. His passIOn for Beethoven is. 
I suppose. what make him strangely forgiveable as he patrols 
the streets with his gang. committing indescribable acts of 
violence and mayhem. 

Alex and his "droogs" (friends ) live somewhere in a dreary 
socialist England that is in the process of becoming a police 
state. From the "Nadsat" language of the young we are given 
to believe that the Russians have conquered and are in the 
process of instilling the Worker's Paradise. but this aspect is 
underplayed by the producer. Stanley Kubrick. At any rate, 
Alex is finally caught by the police and convicted of murder. 
and after a useless year or SO in prison is subjected to a .. new" 
form of penology. a sort of cinematic Pavlovian brainwashing 
that conditions him against violence and sex, and inadvertently 
Beethoven . by depriving him of his free will. 

Returned to society as a harmless marshmallow. Alex is 
trumpeted by the state as the final solution to the problem of 
crime and lawlessness, but through happenstance falls into the 
hands of a liberal muckraking writer and his cronies, who plan 
to use Alex as a martyr for their anti·Establishment cause. 

A clockwork orange is, I suppose, something that appears 
organic yet is actually mechanical - this concept can be 
directly applied to the post-brainwashing Alex. and also to the 
collectivist society in which he lives . The dividing line between 
organism and mechanism seems to be free will. a doctrine 
which runs like a thread throughout the movie - but, to my 
mind. Alex is as will-less a monstrosity before the treatment 
as after. Pre- and post-brainwashing, Alex and his world are 
debased caricatures of humanity : nightmare products of a 
decaying and dehumanizing technocracy. Indeed, it is a 
clockwork universe, for there appears to be no aspect of 
society that does not suppress the individual and his rreedom. 

The movie itself. unfortunately. is also a clockwork orange. 
for it surfers from the elaborate plasticity and heavy-handed 
technology with which Kubrick tries to do justice to Anthony 
Burgess' brtlliant novel. The Silme infantile fascination with 
James Bond gimmickry and philosophical pretentiousness that 
so marred 200t is pre ent here. but even more hoked up . With 
sparkling adlsm and glittering pornography To present a 
forceful display of savagry was Burgess' Intent. of course. but 
the box offtce interpretation of Kubrtck tends to replace 
content with flashing lights and gaudy colors - and. when 
coupled With the mediocre acting or Alex and hiS droogs. 
someltmes produces scenes. like the opening at the milk-bar. 
that should have been lelt on the cuttlOg-room £loor. 

The delinquent product of some future counter-culture. Alex 
IS degeneracy epitomized as he takes pleasure only in the most 
brutalized forms of techno-sensuality lie is perhaps the nadir 
or human eXistence - but. like all humantty , appears to have a 
saving grace. in thiS case a devotion to Beethoven. Perhaps 
this tWISt. left unexpiatned 10 both book and mOVie, is meant to 
ca t a ray or hope on what. de plte its faults , must surely be 
one of the most ternfYlng Visions of the future slOce the work 
of Huxley and Orwell Kevin Olson 

The Go-Between 
The past playwright Harold Pinter tells us . IS a strange 

pl.lre where thlOgs ar done differently than today. and. In the 
111m "ThE' Go Betwecn.·· PlOter and director Joseph Loscy 
Illustrate just how different the past IS 

In approximately the vear 1910. Leo Colton a young 
schoolboV. goes to thr 1'1 gant country home of hiS 5('hool 
('hum. a hom(, replete With sombrr-f<lced portraits clutter din 
hlgh·(' llinged halls. gleamtng Silver. waxed wooden lIoors and 
walls and ('ndl ss miles of grounds Leo. 10 hiS one wool SUit. 
nrarlv melts 10 th summer heat until the older sister of his 
,choolmate plaved by .Julie ChrIStie. takes hm! to town and 
buys him a colton sull Leo. grateful for Marlans I MISS 
Chnslie) ald. agr('es to do an errand for her . delIver messages 
to tt'nant farmer Alan Bates. 

The slow-paced 'ummer in Norwich IS wonderfully rendered 
to film by Losey long croquet matches. a short jaunt through 
the marsh for a summer sWim. 'a rdonic rumination over the 
propriety of certain actions under the restrictive class system. 

The theme of the movie IS startlingly heightened by the 
inclUSion of flashforwards of the aged Leo (Michael 
Redgravel . making what seems to be a pIlgrmage back to the 
site of his Norwich friends home. 

In this period of filmic lOundation With more and more misty 
epics about "the first time." It was Indeed a surprise to see a 
film like "The Go·Between· that documents a victorian 
youth 's reaction to hiS first knowledge of the goings-on between 
man and woman. Alan Bates is getting a bit dull as the robust 
rllstlc (but perhaps thiS is b('caus 1 saw " Far From the 
Madding Crowd" and " Women 10 Love" too many times). 
however . both Bates and M ISS Christie gave fine 
performances : he as the aforementIOned robu t rustic and she 
as the connlvlOg VictOrian )ady. DomlOlc Guard as young Leo 
was Simply amazlOg, but It IS unfortunate that hiS fate was to 

, grow up and b come Michael H dgrave To be for warn d 
about the overpowermg Mich I L grand scorc. however. might 
be wi e. because It is too distra tlng for easy viewlOg of the 
film. 

Cello (Mellow) 
and Piano (Grand) 

The wmtt'r seawn of the U Illvprslty 01 Calitnnlla SJn IJII ~o 
Department 01 l\lusie Concerts opens With two uut tanding 
artIsts. Leonard St(,ln. plantst and Jorl Krosnll"k c·"llis!. HI a 
program of cont(,ll1porarv Il1USle for plJn() anrl nllo, Thur,dav 
Jan . 13 

The ("onc('rt. which IS Iree anrlnpl'n to th,' public' 11'111 hegw 
at 8 30 pm in Hefltal lIall 40'J on thl' l C:I> \Iatthews 
Campus 

Stetn and Krosnlck Will play . Inter('()munlc<1/f ln(' per 
vlolincello pianoforte" 119681 bv Bernd Alols Zlmmf'lrn,lII, 
"Sonata ;>;0 :l" lor plano solo \ 1946 and 1965) by Hogl'!' 
Sessions. and " f'arlsonatino al Dodecalonla lor vlOlon("C'llo 
solo" and "Sonata lur vlOluncello and plano 119481 b~ ElllOll 
Carter. 

tein has been tn the vanguard of new music pr sentatlons as 
pianist. conductor. lecturer and organizer for more than two 
decades. Before that tll.le he was aSSistant to "rnold 
Schoenberg, editor of hiS unpublished works . and performer ()f 
his complete works for plano many lim s. 

Stein ha been instrumental in introducing the musIc or 
Anton Webern in thiS country and abroad. as well as the mUSIC 
of many other young composers. For many years he has 
performed and conducted both old and new musIc for the 
Monday Evening Concerts in Los Angeles He IS on the faculty 
of the California Institute of the Arts. and is Music Director of 
" Encounters ." a contemporary music series at Caltfornla 
Institute of Technology. 

Krosnick . who. among his many other musical skills. has 
been praised for his ability to fuse a pure and intellectual 
approach with real warmth and passion , has been playing the 
cello since the age of mne. HIS first performances mcluded 
recitals in ew Haven. New York and Washington. D C. Since 
1960 he has toured the United States and most European 
capitols regularly. 

Krosnick is currently artist·teacher at the California 
Institute of the Arts and has made several recordings including 
Elliott Carter 's "Sonata." 

Visual Arts Show 

Laughter: Honest 
Tom Lindberg 

In Winesburg, Obio Sherwood Anderson wrote of grotesque 
men and women who inhabited the ea rth and invented any 
number of truths from all the vague thoughts that eXisted when 
the world was quite young. Each figure took one of these truths 
to call his own. and in living his life by the truth he became a 
grotesque. The UCSD art gallery I now exhibiting a collection 
of ceramic sculpture from UC DaVIS. and many of these 
figures are truth embracinl( grate qu s much like those In 
Anderson 's fantasy . The show is much like a cartoon. laughmg 
hone Uy at respected notions and caricaturing many familiar 
rites . 

" Orange Glace" and " panisb Pudding" by Sandy 
Shannonhouse . and Richard T I\'otktn 's "Three Electric Fruit 
Pipes," give off·beat pop adaptations and ('oloring to Simple 
rood items. Robert Arneson 's "Snack" follows thiS mood. 
making a riotous deluge of color with a bearded bust biting into 
a peanut butter and jclly sandWich [n two separate plcces. 
both entitled " The Hunter ." Gltz Hal·MolO makes a clown 01 
the noble hunter shooting a brightly colored but lumbertng 
cow. Earle Tuttle commemorates courage 10 "The hip' 
Going Down With Its Captain"; the officer holds a steadfa't 
smile a his ves el stnks slowly Inlo the top of hi head 

On one pedestal IS a furious muuntain god With a flOWIng 
mane of streams and Ilowcrtng glades. and on another an 
emaciated king revels 10 hiS degenerate reign NothIng IS 
sacred; nothing is taken too seriously. but each sculpture is a 
atire very close to the truth . .John E Buck 's "A Perfect 

Likeness,'; a small scu lpture of four creatures. a crow. a 
skeleton. a green sea monster. and a cat, slltmg at a table With 
a magnific nt cake adorned with a likl'ness of each glaring 
down at Its double . IS perhaps the most grotesque While the 
four walt anxIOusly to eat th(' cake. they are more turned on bv 
theIr own Images' Vanth . It seems. ;s a cruelly dlfll(urlng 
personal truth 

ShOWing With the ceramics I. " DI 'tnbuttOn "", a trav('ltng 
exhibition organized by Stl'plll'n Zillma . curator 01 the Museum 
01 the Avant-Garde. Several .11 tlSts y,ere Jked to pdrtlclpate 
with the title of the show In any manner thought SUitable. and 
the vart ty of the responses IS as intrigUing as the contributions 
themselves . The range of replies covers many Interpretations 
of the word and includes "t5 Solos," "a performance piece for 
any number of individuals." by DaVid Antin . The viewer IS 
asked to select one word from a given list of 15 and omit It from 
his vocabulary for one day . Terry Fox selected the letters of 
his name and sculptured them in sand on the floor. 
distributing them into a variety of combinations and 
mi matche . Geoff Hendricks submitted a collection of hi 
picture post cards of the sky to be lined up along the baseboard 
or the gallery and ent by the viewers to anyone of a Ii t of 
names. 

The meanings and ml conceptions of di trlbutlon and Its rol 
as a cohesive element for the show have been volleyed ba k 
and forth by the contributors. and the exlllbil is best 
characterized by the lack of conclUSIOns drawn Findmg the 
idea ambiguous. Kieth Arnatt repli d With an .. Act of 
Omission " Hi contribution IS one of not domg something 
expected of him. and his letter explainS that hIS act IS posItive 
and purposeful be aus he full mtended to nol do it. Even the 
easiest answer is hard to pin down. but thiS ambigUity and 
uncertainty In all of the works IS as ('x(,ltmg as illS indefinite 

o boundaries are set. no restrtctlons Imposed, and both the 
meticulous and overly simplified creation are an entertaIning 
adventure into the poSSibilities and probabi~ities of art 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BAN 
327 F. Street C(J~IE 

JA G = 
= 

PAYS DONORS 
lor service 

T"es Sot 
945 530 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun a. Man 
233·8328 

LA JOLLA 
-. -Rexall 

PHARMACY 
Scbool Supplies 

Cosmetics ~ 
955 Prospect 

~ee the on who 
brOught you $'Icky fl'lger 

D 
OTHER 

- Of ;:) 
$1.50 

WEDNESDAY 

:..!11I1I1Il1II1II1II 1111111111 1111 II 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111" II 11111111111111111111 1111 II 11111111111 1111 1111111 II 1lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIImllllllllll 
a 

i 
:: 

~ 
! 
i 

~ 

~ 
I 
I 
= § 

i 
~ 
i 
I 

~ 
:: 

Costa Gavros 
Who gave us ''Z'' 

now gIves us i 
e Confess· on" -

i 
I 
= I 

SATURDAY, JAN. 15 
SUNDAY, JAN. 16 

USB 2722 
TICKETS AVAILABLE 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

7:00 
10:00 

7:30 :;; = 

• $1 UCSD $1500THE 5 ~ 
- = ffilllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllli11111111111111111111111111""""111 :mllllllllllr.1 

Triton Times January 11 , 1972 Page 5 



Spring Swingers 
Hope for Success 

Mork Lisko 

Spring is just around the 
corner and along with spring 
comes images of trees , 
flowers, grass, nature and the 
good outdoors. This is the 
season to think of mom, apple 
pie, and the all-American 
sport, baseball. This year, the 
UCSD baseball team will once 
again make its entrance into 
spring aned are looking 
forward enthusiastically to a 
successful season. 

The season starts off this 
Thursday with a meeting for all 
baseball players . This 
important gathering will take 
place at 4 p.m. in the 
conference room of the 
gymnasium. Coach Frank 
Vitale invites all baseball and 
potential baseball greats to 
attend the meeting, and if you 
cannot be present, be sure to 
contact him in his office. 

The preliminary scouting 
reports indicate that the UCSD 
team will be coming back in 
almost full strength. The team 
will be without only three 
starters from last year 's team. 
Among those returning from 
last year include Curtis 
Jenkins, last year 's Most 
Valuable Player, and Dave 
Wright, last year 's leading 
hitter. There are four other 
starters returning from last 
year 's team : Chuck Bahde, 
Jerry Pittman, Gary Yakoda 

and Mike Garret, to provide the 
rest of the talent (or the team. 
The team also lost none of its 
pitchers, so Pete Yocky. Guy 
Loughery and James Robinson 
will be seeing a lot o( action 

again this year from the 
mound. 

Another reason for the bright 
outlook on Coach Vitale's part 
is the plethora of fine freshmen 
planning to join the team. 
There will certainly be no lack 
of talent from the likes of Jim 
Cameron, second team all-CIF. 
or John Cla rk and Randy 
Miller, both all-league stand-
outs for their respective 
leagues. Also included in the 
batch of new faces is JC 
transfer Greg Smith, another 
all-league star from Orange 
Coast College. 

The coaching duties this year 
will be handled once again by 
Frank Vitale. He is very 
enthusiastic and encouraging, 
hoping for a successful season. 
This year he will be aided by 
two able assistants, Bob Moss, 
already a member of the PE 
Department here at UCSD and 
Mylo Lizalde, an outstanding 
graduate student from San 
Diego State. 

Once aga In the reminder of 
the very important meeting for 
any person who is at all 
interested in baseball. Coach 
Vitale would welcome any new 
talent. 

HighTide 
Sunrise 7: 02 

AM Ht. 
Jan. 12, Wed. 6:09 5.8 
Jan. 13, Thurs. 6: 51 6.2 
Jan. 14, FrL 7:26 6.5 
Jan. 15, Sat. 8:06 6.8 

&mriseJ :Ol 
Jan. 16, Sun. 8:39 6.9 
Jan. 17, Man 9: 17 6.8 
Jan. 18, Tues. 9:54 6.5 

PM 
8:18 
8:47 
9:14 
9:43 

10 : 12 
10:41 
11 : 15 

~ Moonlight Beach 
.iC'!I - Diveus 5uppLN 

SCUBA LESSONS 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

FUll COURSE NASDS CERTIFIED 
$25 INSURED 

W/ STUDENT 10 INSTRUCTION 
( EQUIPMENT PROVIDED) 

1114HIWAY101 753·1441 I NCnllTAS 

URIAN'S 
OP'~CAL CO. 
u.r~H SeIUI.Onl 
of lIla/ f rom~. 

DOCTORS PRESCRIPTIONS 
EXPUTL Y FI LLED 

Repairs 

59·4047 
J4-HOUR EMERGENCY 

SIRVICI 
Sterling Contact 

Lenses 401 VIA DIL NORTI 
Poge 6 Triton Times Jonuory 11, 1972 

Cal Tech Outclassed 
By Triton Swimmers 

Mark Liska 

Well, what can be said about six swimmers for Cal Tech who 
came to UCSD to do battle against the Tritons last Friday? 
How about "they lost 56-26?" In a virtually uncontested match, 
the Tritons out-swam and out-maMed the belittled fish from 
Cal Tech by at least two to one. That is to say, UCSD had twice 
as many swimmers, 12 to six and over twice as many points, 
56-26. I guess it 's a little bit too much to ask the men from 
Think Tech to get out of the books and into the pool. After all , 
science must go on, you know! 

Despite anything said in the spirit of cynicism, there were 
some fine individual performances during the meet. For 
instance, Mark Liska 's comedy act as Mike Marsh swam to a 
first plact: in the l000-yard free style event. Not to take away 
from Marsh's fine effort, but Liska 's imitation of a lap counter 
getting wet on every other turn was nothing but sheer hilarity. 
Then there was Rick Pickle 's first in the 5O-yard free style. 
Had he saved off his beard and cut off his long hair, he 
probably would have cut another tenth of a second off of his 
24 .7 winning time. But we all must sacrifice something for 
aesthetics. 

The most exciting duel of the day was staged by Cal Tech 's 
Hight and UCSD's John Ford. They battled to a virtual tie in 
the lOO-yard free style (53.8), but the judge gave the final 
decision to Hight, who happened to have longer fingernails . 
The most sterling sacrifice of the meet, however, was turned 
in by Pixie Norris, who gave up watching Captain Satellite to 
take first place in the 200-ya rd backstroke. His time of 2:32.8 
was il\deed a tribute to the dedication to sport in America. 

Coed Soccer a Kick 
Pot Stacy 

Have you ever gotten so 
frustrated playing football or 
basketball that you felt like 
saying " to hell with it" and 
giving the dumb ball a good 
swift kick in its hindside? Well , 
fear not, sports fans .. .in its 
lIever - ending quest to provide 
you . - the student, with a 
variety of pleasing pastimes, 
the Intramural Department 
proudly presents coed soccer, a 
game you can really get your 
feet into. 

Ht. 
3.5 
3.8 
4.0 
4.1 

4.3 
4.6 
4.8 

Low Tide 
Sunset 5: 14 

AM Ht. PM Ht. 
1:43 0.3 

12:30 2.5 2: 14 0.7 
1: 12 2.3 2:45 1.0 
1:48 2.1 3: 16 1.3 
SunsetS : 18 
2:26 1.9 3:45 1.3 
3:09 1.7 4:17 1.2 
3:49 1.6 4:49 1.0 

Levrs 
• 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH. 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTAlES INC. 

And how do ] get involved in 
this fascinating athletic 
endeavour (one might ask )? 
Ann Higg ins, the kook y 
coordinator of coed soccer, 
reports that sign-ups are this 
week and that the important 
team captain 's meeting is 
Thursday, Jan. 13 at 4 p.m. in 
the PE classroom. Teams 
consist of four guys and four 
chicks (the zoo is a strong 
favorite to continue last year 's 
domination, but captain Randy, 
never one to be overconfident, 
is getting his animals out for 
practice early) . Ann ask that 
you please have a team rep at 
the meeting to avoill creating a 
scheduling hassle. Also, if 
you 're not on a team, but would 
like to play, come to the 
meeting and maybe you can 
(orm one with others in the 
same boat. 

Willie Young says he's ready 
to start batting his bird around, 
as coed badminton begins 
tonight in the gym from 7-10. 
Willie says be digs it and he's 
hoping for a lot o( fun - loving 
people to play with. 

Does this article have you 
totally confused? Call X2283 
and ask for Lee. 

iNe. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454-7169 

TralDer DraggiDg DoWII ReboaDd a. Tom Bnace look. _ la 
Saturday Digllt's victory over tile UDiverl lty of a..aU at HUo. 

Tritons Take·Pair 
in Weekend Action 

The Triton cagers smoked over the weekend, demolishing 
University of Hawaii at Hilo 111-72 and defeating Cal State 
Dominguez 69-62. 

The Tritons led by as much as 19 points against Dominguez, 
but became ice-cold from the floor in the second half. The 
UCSD " Wild Bunch" rooting section (always situated in the 
north bleachers ) was flying high and was at its rowdiest, and 
the inspired Tritons surged to a 16-point halftime lead. By ~e 
second half, however, the Wild Bunch kind of mellowed out, so 
to speak, and so did the play of the Tritons as they barely held 
on for the victory. 

Dominguez trailed by only a point with about a minute to 
play. but clutch-free throws by captain Dave Gregory and Pete 
Henderson cinched the win. Dave Wright was superb and his 
strong baseline dri ves seven of nine from the field ) netted 20 
points, to lead the Tritons in scoring. Also in double figures 
were Scott Wright, Paul Trainer, and Jon LeLevier with 13, 12, 
and 11 respectively. 

In the preliminary game thr UCSD Blackhawks made their 
first appearance of the year by blitzing Ryan Aircraft 94-61. 
Bob Spriggs and Guy Simpson led a balanced attack, with 16 
and 15 points. Spriggs led a withering fast break that resulted 
in many easy buckets for the Blackhawks. Others in double 
figures were Eli Curtis with 12 and Herbie Hunter with 10. 

The following night. the Tritons shot a sizzling 59 per cent 
from the field against Hilo as Dave Wright and Trainer scored 
21 apiece to lead the team. Playing their best game of the year 
were Pete Henderson and GeofC Kostyshak. Pete had 17 points 
and eight rebounds while Geoff was scoring 12 and garnering II 
big rebounds to tie for the lead with Trainer in that 
department. They were both excellent and played almost 
perfect basketball. 

Also playing strong games ofc the bench were Rusty Knight 
and Tom Bruice with seven points, and Ai Woodward with five , 
including a spectacular jump hook a la Nate Thurmond. 

The Tritons, now 5-4, are home again Friday might in a 
rematch with Cal Baptist. It should be a great game as the 
Tritons will be out for revenge due to an early season loss at 
Cal Baptist. 

APOLOGY - Due to the lack of (get this ) a 45-record adapter, 
the Hilo hula girls were unable to perform their specialty show 
at halftime. Sorry to disappoint all you rabid hula fans. 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF THE "ARTICHOKE FRITATTA" 

Cresci's C & M 
Market & Deli catessen 

Catering- all size parties 
Food 10 go 

7833 Girard Ave. La Jolla, Calif. 459-5 19 1 

To and from Lo. Angel •• , San Franclaco, 
Sacramento, San Diego, San Jose, Oakland, 

Hollywood·Burbank, Ontario, and Long Beach. 
Sharing any of PSA's 160 daily fl ights is a gas. And 
with our low air fares, flying P5A isn't a whole lot 
more expensive than hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. 50 why not stick 
your thumb in the phone instead, and dial us for 
a reservation? PSA.,.,..a .. 

• 

Student Lobby re port: 

Governor haters and lovers need facts 
Sacramento , like most other 

California cities has its share of 
REAGAN- HATE RS. Unfortunately, 
however , in spite of excellent 
information in local media , this hatred 
(as well as the mindless adoration of 
many GOVERNOR-LOVE RS ) is seldom 
based on fad - or, for that matter 
anything other than emotionai 
revulsion. 

In order that GOVERNOR-HATERS 
and GOVERNOR-LOVE RS will have 

~omr factua l ammunition WIth which to 
assault each other. Ihe following 

~ynops ls of Reagan's PUBLIC 
II'glslallve record IS attempt d Who 
Knuws" Maybc It wIll cven move a fell 
':\(lOP!!'"IO:-IS Into one column or the 

other 

LUSTY MINORS: SOB 375, authored by 
Senator Bellenson, would make it illegal 
for Doctors to deny birth control 
information or equipment to minors 
solely on the basis of minority. Reagan 
slashed it 

EOP: After slashing millions from the 
UC, State, and Community College 
budget for the various educational 
opportunity programs. the Governor 
reinforced his earlier decision by 
vetomg a subsequent. Republlcan-
sponsored bill which attempted to 
restore part of the funds 

DRUGS : AB 351 would have required 
drug manufacturers to put expiration 
dates on non-prescripllon drugs to 
indicate their expected life. ThiS was 
vetoed. along With AB 452, which would 
take marijuana out of legal definItion of 
narcotics and put It under restricted 
danllerous drugs 

VI) ' March Fong'S celebrated AB 950 
would have allowed Instruction on 
venereal disease prevenllon In pubhc 
schools without requirement lor 
notifYing parenls 

criminals ... 
(continued from page I) 

encouragmg atmosphere for 
such fight wmg groups as the 
SAO and the Minuteman 

While the Left IS constantly 
ubJected to investigation . 

harassment. and mtlmldatlon 
through such methods as 
sp cia I Grand Junes and 

II1cr('a~ed wlr~(;.tp . (he ngU 
goes a I milst Il(n"n~d Hc('cntl\ 
40% 1)1 thl' files IIrJl'riJtpd Irom 

San DIego Police Dep't. had 
been perso,lally anformed of the 
death thrects to Peter. but unltl 
the attem:lted murder took 
place thein" was an attItude of 
unconcer Peter was told that 
threats wer,~n'[ Illegal and unltl 
there was somethanJ' Illegal 
done. there was nothIng they 
could do . Wr an' sure thIS 
would nol haH' tJ('l'n the Cd (. If 
C, Arnholt SmIth buslnc's 
tycoon antl \"Ixon upport .. r /)r 
Donald \\:Jlkt'r \<tlnl! 
Pn-sldl'nl of San DIe!!') tate 
ColiPIU wefl repc,.t. dh 
thrrdt"n,od 

h P F H 1 I n :\1 ~ d I " • (;1\'(' th j 0 htll I 
Penn \h':JnJ,j \'of-Ie reldt d to 
polltlCHI "nd <1\ dldn 

l RIJ'ht 
. tI~al n 

PRESIDE TIAL POLITICS The 1971 
legislature pa~sed d measure bv Alfred 
AlqUIst which .... ·ould establish an "Op~n 
Pnman' In (';.tlilornla Rl'agan H.toed 
the mcasurl 

PUBLIC OEFE:,\DEH Seriltor 
Dymallv '~ SB 24 cn'dt('d a talt· puhllc 
defender's officp to handle th' /ljJpl'al 
of andlgl'nt ('on\wts - un I the 
(,oV('rnrr rcturnpd It to lhe Lpgl Idlure 
un,lgned 

'1 ,t pa Iinetllaw'c hut nnl\ 5 of 
tho 10('11 t<i (. r ht 

Thl' (;unrnor broke all hiS previous 
records thiS ycar by vetOIng 157 bills 
passed b~ bolh house: of th(' Legl lalufP 

mOl r than an:-' guvernor since IIlrilnl 
.John:on. who sprved during the early 
19110's Ht, also sheared an 
unprt'cer:l~nted 504 million from thl' 
,Innlkll stall' budget Am,,"/! the vetoed 
If'/!Islallon we find 
L( A"IiD STATE COLLEGE FACL:LTY 
SALARIES. In an attempt to partIally 
fl'. hIre the cost-of-livlng salary increase 
Henl-\f'locd bv Reagan from the 1971-72 
hudgl'l th£' LegIslature pas. ed SB 101 
I Rodda) by a two-thirds vote 

:\1ETtI,\J)O\ E. Because of th!' 
success 01 California, IImlled 
m('lhadone programs for thp treatment 
of hprotn addl(;ts. Assemblvman John 
Vasconcellos auth"rrd a measure which 
would InlTeaSI tht' scope of eXisting 
programs I) thr tune of $.') mIllion 

I'C Bl'DGET Armed wllh lin ('\('1' 
sharp blup pen('11 R('agan \\ IP d oul 
o\'er $40 million of the leg. '1,ltur, 
appron'd l,(, BudgN th" \ Pdr ", In 
thatth l nIW'r'll\ cfluld 1':1 '11v m~k'('10 
With thl' ,ame allo{';]ti(Jn 11 Ii r('crIVf d 
the prtvlOUS vear 

\OISI- 'POLLl TIO); .\nother 
B lien. on bIll estaolJslll'd t':lOd,Iro for 
nOls!' lO.ulallon of new hom!' hotel. 
aparlmenh. rtc 

\\t kr' Y. I r 

dl rnl 

Teacher Corps Recruiting 
r( "f" 'If ,,'r'h, f /r"", ,I" 11"" IHII J I (If III 

I,IIur",,Jm. ('Jtlu"r\ I Jr ;'J '101" I '/''' In r 
}\I 'II/I, (",,,,,,,,,... II" furl'" '" II ",1, rnlil 
1110,,' "lll'n fII"''! ", f ""'''It,/.: II,. II (If III .. I r, 
,lUll! "' 11111."1 Ill/f flr"ll" {/I# '" r 11,,1 r • fir, 

FARM \\ORKERS. Dunng the past 
(welve vears. various members of the 
l;,',lfornla Legislature have sought to 
extend unemployment Insurance to 
farm workers. The 1971 se. slon flnallv 
saw fit to pass this legIslation . onlv to be 
countermanded by the Executive.' 

PRISO;\ REF()R~I Republican Whip 
Prank ~Iurphy author d su('cessful 
leglslatlun to crt:'i1 Ie an office of Prison 
Ombudsman In hiS veto message 
Reagan maintained that state prisons 
alreadv have an effective procedure" 
for handling prISon complaints With 
unprecedented furv. Murphv (normalh' 
a staunch supporter of the Governor'l 
saId In open session "For five vear' 
I've listened to the Democrats sav the 
Governor's veto messages arc untrue 
You 're so right You 're so right. It 
mak s me want to throw up This IS the 
most ludicrous m ssage I ha.ve een" 

Students of politIC'S h<J\'e long 
questioned the deslreabdm of allOWing 
on man the Go\,ernor tll o\'erruh 
the Will of the maJonty a: expressf'd b\ 
a \iote of the Legislature Should on'e 
man. regardles of hIS political 
persuasion. be allowed tn thwart the 
Wishes of two-thirds of thp elcctetl 
representatives of the peopl(· of 
California 0 Or should the veto be mor1' 
everelv Iimltrd? 

I, (n hi , ( "r/'fIt ,,,,d 'II wId",,,,, 1I1f, rll n " .. fJl I" r ,,, 
,.nl·' II/IIIC ''',', (,,,,,or ~""t1rnn~l.:rflliurJII "",f", Jr, 1 .. 1 
In ':/11"\ 

·····················~~Urro~~Re~~~~· ................... . 
: "CAL ~ET CHARTERS+ • • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

: * "New Flight Listings for 1972" * 
: EURO P E, '-'AP AN, H A WAil & INTER-USA 
• "Don't be misled by lower prices, investigate firstl Fly with our reliable charter group. Know your facts on your charter carrier before you 
• sign your application. Don't take a chance with an unknown charter airline ..... _ .... " 

: JAN. & FEE. FLIJHTS FROM EUROPE STILL AVAILABLE ONE WAY WEST COAST TO EUROPE .... ~--------No ,,, .. - one w,y -_. O.Io'.lI'Id /L A 10 A"'$lcrd.", - - - • L .. "cD , 1112 __ (T lA, _ .. .- $1.' ~: '!O -- OMW.y --- LA/O .... I. ndto Lo ... don - - - - _ L" "elt 21 ,1 "'2 -- (81lhn"., _. 11" 
• #103--London to Oak1and/LA---Ret. Jan. 23 ----&149 
• ¥109--London to Oak1and/LA---Ret . Feb. 6 -----~149 

• 1 - - OM WlY - - .- LA/O.ltl.nd 10 Lol'tdon _____ L, M,r li lin __ CI,.""nl' __ .llIt 
~o 112 -- one w'y - -.- O.lt lll'ld /LA to A""terd.rn _ - __ L¥ Mu 11 1171 __ [1' AI ___ ,UI 
° ttl -- ona W'y - -- LA/O.ltl.nd 10 Lo,..don - -. - _ L. ADr' "12 -- [8"111'11'11,1 _ -lUI ~o '13 -- on. w'1 - -- O,Io,.nd /L A 10 Amtte'''I." ____ Lv "Dr 21 1111 __ IT I A) __ • ,11, 

.-
• -----.~ CURRENT CHARTER SCHEDULE - 1972 4 

No '01 '2 ... tfit.,,"cI 1, lp'_ ... L A/OU,. Nl 10 LOI'ICIon ____ ... LY J~n 21,1 '72 __ (B r.tlM .. , __ toUt 

• 

Lond O" 10 Oalr,.nd/LA R. t Mu 15 , 1t71 No '0110_ (Ro""d UtPI __ ~:~::I::~!:I~~;:LO: ___ ~:I ~:~ ~. ,~~~21Z __ tlltlh Mi. , __ SZU 
e tn. ,,1, . - ( Ro",.., 1"1)1 _ _ ~:~::I:OndO!:I~:;:~; _____ ~;t ':~, 1,~', 11~7/, __ C8,II. nnl.) __ $14' 
• 

No "211 _ (AOU"d Inl) l _ _ LA/O'~I .. nd to L ondo" ____ ... Lv. M." 21 . 1112 __ (BnUnni., _ _ ,275 
London to O. ItI'l'Id/ LA Ret A"" 2 lt7Z 

• 

No '1111 - I Round Irlp) ... _ LAIO,Ir I.l f\CI to LondOn _ _ ___ Lv April t , un _ ...... (8rn ' MI,) __ .... '14' 
London 10 O.ltt, nO / LA Ret JunR 11 , ttlZ 
~ NO tl41S - (Round 1,1,,_ ... ~:~:~':O~~:I~=~O~ _____ ~;t ';:.r~I,14': ,'::,2 __ l8,It.n"I. ) _ _ • '24t 

_ c.J No. " 511 - ( Ao"I'Id "Ip) - • L.. A IO.Ir ' and to London _ _ _ _ 1..., M.y " . '.72 __ (8, lhnnl. ) __ I .U' 
• 2 LOftdonto o." ,. nd/LA Re i June 10, 1t72 
.. W No, , ' 1ft _ (Round tr Ip ) __ LAIO."llnd 10 Lond on _____ L., Jun, 10. 1' 72 __ (8,II'"n l. ) __ ,.,17. 

a: Lo ndon 10 O. "I , nd/LA Ret June 1'. 1111 t ~ No 402 - - (Round Irlp) - - ~c:,:l~e~:!I~1 II: t:ndon _____ ~~I J5~~~ '~: ,'::: __ (5.lu,n A L ,_ . 12" 
f~ No , " S - - (Round tr,p) __ ~~ll:c~:.t: ~:~I,e;~:n~ _____ ;~I J5~~~ '.5' ."';722-- (T I A ) __ . Inl 

w No t 1'20 .. ~ "hune! trill) - - LA/ O."'nd to Lond on _____ .- L" June 1 " 1172 __ (B,it,""", __ 127 • f a: Land o" to O .... I.I'ICI / LA R.t July 15 , I . ll 
!:) No 40) __ (Rounes trip) __ OU I.nc1 10 lGndOI'l _______ L, Jun_ 11, '172 __ (S.turn A 1..1_.- 1 21t 

• A"'''ud,," 10 O,ln , nd R. , AUI 2. , "'2 
.. ~ No. 40' __ ("oune! Hip) __ Lot Ante'" 10 London _ _ _ _ _ Lt June I . , t 112 __ ISal wrn A L) 1 21t 

" ""'e'd. ", 10 LA Rcl Aw, 21 , 1112 --
.u.. NO . II' __ ( RO U"CIltip) __ O ... :.nd 10 A"ul. , d"'n __ oW __ L • • Jwn_ " , l'l'2 __ (T .I,A) ___ 12" 
"a: Amll,u:l . ", 10 O'''I.nd Rcl July 11 , 1112 
t~ No lU - - ( Aouncf IlIp) __ ~:.~~:I!J:: t:l'tdon ___ _ _ ~:I J;:: ~~', I,~~~ __ (T . I.A" ___ Ult 

... No. 111 __ CAo ll t'td trlp, _ _ O," I'l'Id 10 London ______ Lt . Jwne 11 , lU2 __ IT 1 A) ___ UII 4!:) Am,lerd.m 10 Ol .. t.nd Rct Au, 24 , ' .72 
o No . '05 __ CRO~"d hl,,_ ~::I'C:~! ~:~IO"'~ ' nd ____ ~:i J:::. ~~ '1~~~7. __ (S ' III rl'l A L) _. I lU 4'" No &Z .. _ _ 'Ao~1'Mf IIIPL _ O''''I"d 10 Amlter".m _____ ~ .. . June 24 , "'1 __ IT. I,A.) ___ , 2" 
::::Ii Am ,terd' m to O ' ''I . nd Ac t Sep' 14 . 1117. 

.. ~ No . • ' 121 _ (Aololl'ld trip) ... _ l.A /O ' '', .nd to London _ _ _ _ _ L ... Junt 1~ . ,,.,1 __ ,B,II . nl'tll l __ , 27' 

.. London 10 o.~ l l nd /LA 'hlSepl 21 , 1t11 
No U l __ (Ao...ndtrlp, __ O.Ir'HldloLondon _____ Lv June21 , 1,.,1 __ ITI,,) ___ un e Amlt.rd .. ", 10 O .. .. I. nCf Ih' SaI'l .. 11 71 
No '0' __ I Aovnd l,lpl __ LAIOAmll"d .. m ______ L" JUIY l , l lll __ (S. I""I'IA ,L,_ ... ,U' e Amllerctl'" 10 LA R.t Au, 10. '172 
No 1%011_ (AOUl'ld 1'ID) ... . ~:~~;~I:onclO!:';:::Lo~ _____ ;;,J,::~ ':: ,'::: __ ,8,11."",,, __ ,271 e No 712 _ f'h~"nd trID)_ • O." ' .nd 10 ""'\t,rCl'''' _____ L" , Jwly 27. 1. 72 _ _ (T LA, __ _ I ZIt 

Amll,rd.m to O • .".I'tO lIIet 5 pt 1 J , 1I lZ 

• 

No n.lZl _ I Roul'ld Ir ID) __ LA /O ... ,.I't"!O LondOI't ____ ... L. S 1112 __ (8dt,nl'th) __ $17S 
LOnGon to O ," l.IrwII /L A lIIe ' A , Il . 1I 72 

• 

No 'Ol __ IAoUncllrill" __ O .... I. ndlo ... mlt"d."' _____ L. Au. 1. 1'12 __ {S,,'u,"ALI_ , ," 
"'mlleu'.m 10 O," ' .. nd lie ' A UI ll . "72 

No n,14 _ (Rownd Ir' DI _ ... Lo , "n,flef (0 London _____ L, Aw, 2 , 1''2 __ (8,,,.""1. , __ ,21t 
• 

London 10 LOi An,ell" Act Sel'l Z, I t 7Z 
No ,1) __ I Roun' Tllpl _ O .... '.n' to Amlttrdlm _ _ _ _ L. Aut 5 , 1.72 __ fT I A ) _ _ UII 

• 

Am,t.rd.m to O,"I.I"d Ael StPI 14 . 11 71 
A mltcrd'm to O ...... ' .. nd Rei SUI 14. 1 t11 

No 110- - ( Aound lr1D )'" - O ''' ' , nd 10 Amllt'fd. m ·- - - - - - L. Au, 10 1112 - • CT I A , - - - ' Jit e Amlterd. m to O ..... ' .. nd Rtt 5 '1'1 17. 1"1 
No Illl1 _ IRou"d fr IP ) __ L A / O. II ' .nd to Lonoon _ _ _ _ _ L' . Au. 11 , 1111 _ , , 8 riu"nll, __ " 1t 

• 

Landon 10 OH'.l l'Ial /L A AU Stpi 1), 1' 72 
No Ut2. _IMoUflll tr IP) __ LA/O . .... "'" t o LDndon __ __ L, S.pt " "'1 .... (8 ,'un,,") _ ... , ,1) 

Lond o n 10 0 . ... I. nCl /L A R't 5'1'1 )0, 1'71 e No tl ( AOufld Ir lp) __ O .... "nd 10 A""le,d.rn ____ L¥ Scpl 1 . I'" _ (T I A ) 
Am,ltrd.m 10 O~ Io' . nd Acl SUi 11 , 1172 

11S1 

• • --+ INFORMATIO N CO NCER NINC ONE WAYS ON SCHEOULEO ROUND TRI' fliGHTS .-.-. 
• 
• 

It" DOlltt' e to 100" 1 ont W' ), on a rou nG '''II' 'II.", Itn.d ID On, to 0' from (u rOp. Dut . ".d.", ",uI Ii IOIl , 
will 01'111 ."Ow , "'lIIllnU'" Of ~ Dt' Ullt Of IPI. 10U I .mOIlI'tI 0' ,eOpl, DOO"ed 0" . ny eft. ~'ur'u U"I'II 10 tr ._,1 
ont w ' ), (EU". t 10 (u,op. or from (uIOD' 10 t"'_ U S I "1"0 101 CI. t" ,. 0 ........ )' Ol't • round t"p , Diu .. wllt t u, for 
.ddIIIO"" In'orm atlon 

o 1I0--on,w'1_'" -O."I.t'td toAmUtrctl"'- - -- _ Lv M .. ,.,~ 1111-- (TIAI---Il.' 
No 71t -- on, w'l" -- - O . lrl,nd/LA 10 Amtter".m - - - - L, ",-,.,. 11 1'11 - - (T'" J _ .- • ,,'4, 
No 511 -- on,w,y -- ... O,"I,"dtoAmlt.rdam - - - - ... L, JuneU 1'12 __ (T III.. ___ II', 
No . 116 -- Gn, w.y - - - O ... land/k A Ie AmU~rd~m - __ _ Lw June 2'0 1912 __ IT I A I ___ I'" 
No l it - ... on, w.,. - - . LA,O .w l.n(t to london - - - - - L., Juna 11 "71. _ Ilr.I''''n" , __ "7~ 

--------.... ~ ONE WAY EUROPE TO WEST COAST ..... ~ _______ _ 
~o ~ t 2 - _one w' y __ ... LondOI't 10 O.ItI . ndI\.A ____ !=t~t MH. a ttl1 _ -IBfIt."n, .... _ 1'.' 
NO '1 __ onewl , - - - Amltlll,o.mloO.lo llnd - - - - - !=t~t June l4 ltl1 -- (Tt A 1- _ ... .,llt 

o 117--0"ew. , ---Loncto"to O.lo l .. nc:l/LA - - - _ ... !=tet StPI 2'11'11.--{er.I.l'tn •• __ 51,S 
No 111 __ 0"e ..... 1 ---LOI'ICIOnIOO'''',ndI\..A - - - - !=te" ScPt)O 1'12-·~l!h'U., ,.' __ $155 

1972 - INTER-UNITED STATES FLIGHTS - 1972 
Round TriP 10 EIIi COl" (Sprong 8'tlk) 1972 Mt 

No NI' - - ( I d .. }',) __ ... S.n """CI\(:O to N,w Vo r lt (JF Ie:) ___ L¥ M. r 2', I t7Z (Am~flt." " 51' S • 
New YO,It(JF 1< ) to S.n F '.IlCIiCO A tl APfll 2 1 t'l - - -,. 

No C120 ... -t. ch ,.) _ _ ... S.~ Funcltt.o to CPlltigo CO'Muc) L, M.r 11 1111 (A."",te.", 1- 111 0 
CI''II(.I,O 10'H. ,e, 105.1'1 F"rln'IJCO- --Rct AD'" Z, 1"1 - - - - c:1l 

Ntl W50 - ... , 1 0 .. )'.) - - - S, n ",.n(IIt.o to wU.""910n (Oull u) Lv M.r 16 '.11 IUnu,e ,1 S 1 -I' 
wU'H"lton(Oull tl ) 10 Sin "r.n,,,,o· ... Atl ACH I'l Itl1 - - , 

No N1_ -,. (J.y.) ___ Lo. An"'e, to N.w VO'IoIJF~) ___ L .. Mill 11 "71 (A,," ,r '(j". SUt ~ 
New Yor"pFI<) to Lo, An,elu Aet AD, II 2 U11 --

No C I '. - -( I d.y.) - - _Lol An,c l" to CPlIc:a,o(O'H ""1 Lv M.r 26 un rAmcn"nl 5 111 ! . 
CI'tlt..,OIO'H,fe) to Lo, Antf: le,- - - Ae l AD"I 1 1111 - - - - .. ' 

No W" ... - (I da y,) - - - La, An,e l " to W"Pllntton fOIJII UI __ .L'l' MiIr 26 1111 __ (Amlf"""I __ ItSl Sill. 
W"'''' '''fton{DUIlf'1 to Lo) ""ulel RIf' Arml 1 I'll _. 

-------.~ ROUNO TRIP TO HAWAIl ISPRING 8REAK I 1972 ..... ~ _____ _ 
No HZ - ... "eI . }'I ) - - - S.n F.A.ncueo 10 t-I.WI ,,( HonO 'IoIlw) l .. """., 15 "72 I""" Am' $UO H .... iII'/ .... onolulwl to S.n F r. ne"to .- - Ac ' ApHI 1 ,.12 - - - .... 

c: 

~. 
~. 
~. 
:rI 

------------+ mZ · • DN E WAY TO EAST COAST ISUMMER BREAK) 1972 "1+_-----_ " 
No NUJ_ (OftIfW . y'_ - hn '"nC'tcOIO Ntw Yor",pF'KI __ L., JlJn, " 1111- -IAm'rlcln, __ ' 7t~O ~. 
No C120J - (an, """1"1- - _ s. " F'"ncuco to C"ic.l90(O 'H .. re) ___ L, JU"!f I I , "'l. _ 'Am!fllt.n, ... _ 'I' 00 _ . 
No W$O J - (on, WIY) - - - S.n F,,"C!ltO 10 WU"""'!lo nIOullu) __ L .. Jw ne " "ll ... _ (Unlleol ___ 1 75 00 • 
No N2 J - (on.w. ),) .. -. La, An,e lU lo Mcw VO t lt (JF'I() ___ L .. Junt 11 1"1 __ (Aml o,,", __ ' 1t~0 
~o CII4 J _ (O rM ,, ' )'1- - .- Lo. An,flu '0 CPI .e"O(O'H"e) ___ L" Junc 11 "'1 _ ... (Am." clI\, __ '" 00 

a W?IJ - (onew,,. )_ ".LOtAn,flUIOWuPI ,n,lo"(Our' tI!_.-.L . June 11 , 1. 11 __ (Am."Cln l_ -"'DO e 
----.~ EAST COAST TO WEST COAST (RETURN FOR FAll OUARTERI 1972 ... t-----
No N'5S- -(0"e ..... )',- - -Ne""" Yo''''UFK) to h n ~""Cllt.o ... _.- ".t S.pl . " 1911 f""'.'.,,"' '11 ~O 
No C4 " - (o ne w' Y) - - • CPtlca,oIO 'Hul ) 10 S, n ,,.. " tilCO __ .- A, I SeD' " 1 t12 :: (Amerlunl: : ,,, 00 
NO wns __ (on. w'y) __ .... WI. I't i,...,onfOull u ) to S.n "'un( lteo __ 1III. t SCDI 11 IUl __ IUl'tlteCl) ___ '16 00 
NO ~5:S-- (o"e w.,. ) __ . N."" YO'''~JFKI to LO t "nte' et ___ Rl t SUI U "11 __ rAm,rIU"! _ ... 1 1' 50 
No 1 5_ (o n, w ' 1) ---ChIU'o (O Hilt) 10 Lot. Ante'" __ ... R.t S.p l 1& IUl _ ... (Amcrtu", __ III 00 
No W7SS - lone w. y, - - -W u h 1nttonIOuIIU) '0 LO. A"""u __ Rtt Sepl U "11 _ .("me r,,,,,, __ 176 00 

----------I .. ~ SPE CI AL JAPAN fLlCHT ... ~-________ _ 
No 10 _ ... , C'" d'Yl ' - __ San Frene'teo Ie TOW10 _ _ __ Lt' June ,U Ul1 

TO.,0 10 5.1'1 'rl l'l(li(;O Ret Au, "112 - - - _ • ' ''' 
__________ .. _~I~'_'''::...'::...e ' tty C.n.dun 'Ie he A""",, 

Fo, ApphCltoon , Further l.hI'."llon ... n, 
CAL JET CHAR TERS 
21 SO Gift. Slrut 0' '"III~, .. , ... ' .15 911 1434 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• Son FI1.,I\co. CoI,l.,nlt M1 23 

•••••••••••••••••••• ~"!.O~ ~,!!U!U~ ~F!R!!,~) . * • • •••••••••••••••••• 
Triton TimesJanuory 11, 1972 Page 7 



• 

--nnounceD1ents------------------------------------~ 
tue day 
Operation Share : 
Interested in giving a few 
hours a week towards 
gaining a friendship with an 
individual child through a 
tutor-tutee relationship? 
Come to a meeting tonight 
on the 5th floor at Tioga 
house lounge . 

Student - Faculty discussion 
with Dr. Joseph Watson, 
provost of 3rd . College 
Revelle I nformal Lounge at 
7:30 p.m . UCSD, students 
welcome. Mary Pates - ex . 
1920. 

At the SOLID STATE 
PHYSICS Se:;MINAR, 3070 
Undergraduate Sciences 
Bldg ., Revelle . Dr. T . R. 
Finlayson from the Central 
ElectriCity Research 
Laboratories, England, will 
speak . Metallurgical 
Variables and their effects 
on the superconductivity of 
Niobium-Zirconium Alloys . 
1:30p.m. 

Lecture " Pests and 
Pest ici des : 2 sides of a 
coin". Dr . Michael D. 
Atkins , professor in 
ZOOlogy, SDSC. Discusses 
man-made use of chemicals 
on plant and animal. 7:30 
p.m ., Council Chambers, 
Aztec Center . Public free . 

Dr. J. R. Beers will speak at 
the HYDE PAR K CORNER 
(open marine biology 
forum), 307 Vaughn Hall, 
SIO. at 11 a .m . 

MOSCA dinner-benefit at 8 
p . m . in the Reveile 
cafeteria . 

Mexican dinner and 
entertainment . Tickets 
purchased in advance from 
members, or at the door-52. 
Proceeds go to the bi-
lingual pre-school. 

wedn day 
UCSD Amateur Radio club 
organizational meeting in 
MC 345 (back of bldg . 250) 
at7 :30. 

Eckankar, the Anc ient 
Science of Soul Travel, w ill 
be giving an introductory 
discussion tonight at 7:30 on 
Matthews Campus, bu ilding 
506. 

The New Black Crook by 
George Szanto will be 
presented by the New 
Heritage Theatre in the 
Music Gallery, Bldg ., 408, 
Matthews. Students with 
10, 51. General admission, 
52.50. Performed through 
Sunday, Jan . 16. 

MAR I N E CHEMISTRY 
I SEMI NAR, 21 45 Ritter Ha ll, 
SLO . , D r. Ed w ard 
Goldberg, " New Trends in 
Marine Chemist ry." 4 p.m. 

Physics Colloquim, 2622 
Undergraduate Sciences 
Bldg ., Revelle . Dr. Peter 
Goldreich, Cal if . I nstitute of 
Technology, Astrophysical 
Masers . 4 p.m . 

Surfing club meeting at 6:30 
p.m ., 2C-1110. Discuss surf 
trip and contest ... Film. 

thur day 

Astrophysics-Space Physics 
Seminar, 2622 
Undergraduate Sciences 
Bldg ., Revelle . Dr. John 
Faulkner , UCSD , 
"Gravitational Radiation -
An Engineering 
Applicat ion." 4 p .m. 

Plasma physics sem inar, 
1205 Humanities-Library 
Bldg ., Revelle . Or. James 
Benford, Physics 
International, 
"Transportation and 
Coordination of Intense 
Relativistic Electron 
Beams in Z-Pinches." 1 :30 
p.m . 

Meeting of candidates for 
t he Tri ton baseball team at 
4 p.m. in the Physical 
Education Confe r ence 
Room. Contact Coach V itale 
if you cannot attend the 
meeting . 

High energy physics 
seminar, 1148 Humanities-
Library Bldg ., Revelle. Dr. 
Myron Bander, UCI, 
"Multiplicity Distirbution 
at High Energies." 4 p.m . 

Music Seminar, Music 
Gallery, Bldg . 408 , 
Matthews. Leonard Stein, 
pianist, "Performance 
Technique in Contemporary 
Music." 12 noon . 

Summernoon Slide Series, 
Summer Aud ., S10. Tarsicio 
Antezana . Landscape of 
Chile. 12 noon . 

URS PUBLIC LECTURE-
Bldg . 201 , Matthews. Mr. 
Joe Eyer, University of 
Pennsylvania, "Historical 
Roots of the Urban Health 
Crisis." 11 p.m . 

Anyone interested in 
intercollegiate sailing, 
please meet in the 
gymnasium classroom, at 7 
p.m . 

G eol og ic al Sci en c es 
Semi na r, IG PP Co nt. 
Room, S10. Dr. A . E. Engel, 
Pre p erminan Global 
Tectonics. 8 p.m. 

CONTACT MUSIC SERIES, 
Recital Hall, Bldg. 409, 
Matthews. 8:30 p.m . 

Intermediate Hebrew 
offered in UCSD extension 
this quarter . 7-10. Sign up in 
the extension office 
immediately . 

A representative from the 
national teacher corps will 
be on campus Jan. 13, 1972 
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the 
Informal Lounge of Revelle 
Common. Junior, Senior 
and graduate students are 
eligible to apply. 

Inner club surf contest to be 
held Sunday, Jan . 16 ... for 
further info. call Rusty 
Preisensorfer, 453-9044. 

People House, formally 
Crisis Center, Apt . K-2, free 
coffee and peanut butter 
sandwich . Come, eat and 
talk until4 a.m . 

The UCSD Day-Care Center 
needs a television that picks 
up UHF. Call ex-2891. 

KSDT is back! Catch us 
eves., 6-2 a.m . at 5:50 a.m . 
until Jan. 17 Crazy as ever . 

~_,classifieds------------------_..... 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607 

(R) 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SPRI NG-SUMMER-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 5129 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AF RICA -

ASIA 
I nterna tiona I I 0 Ca rd 

Available 
Attention group Leaders 

Special flights arrangement 
for small or large groups -
ask for details For 
Information, Schedules, 
Reservations CALL OR 
WRITE 
CHARTER FLtGHTS INT. 

995 Market Street, San 
Francisco, Calif 94103 
Phone (415 ) 392-8513 
(3/3/72) 

EUROPE 
ALL YEAR ROUND 
FROM WEST COAST 
Round trip from S220, one 
way from S125 Flights to 
Middle East Orient & 
With n Europ Phone 714 
833-8060 E .S EP 17613 
Queenswreath Way, IrVine, 
Ca 926M ESEP members 
(R, 
555 - Girl To Share Room 
with Female Med. or Grad 
stu Private ent. & bath, 
Refrig Across from Ocean 
8553 EI Paseo Grande 454-
1946 La Jolla (1/14) 
Anyone interested In 
nudism (legit) please write 
Box 535 Del Mar Give 
phone (1 14) 
For Sale . 8-Track Stereo 
Tape Player 535 Please 
Contact Steve, 755-7253, 
after6P.M (1 14) 
Del Mar-Solana Beach Area 
I need an inexpensive living 
arrangement SOON; I'll 
make righteous, healthy 
dinners in exchange for 
minimal rent fee Call: 
Donna ' 755-3793 (1/11) 

IN SOLANA BEACH 
SERVING NORTH SAN DIEGO COUNTY 

FACTORY AUTHORllED 

SALES • SERVICE • PARTS 
: ~~~~:~f(~m~ r.l S U Z UKI I%J NEW· REBUilT. USED 

INSURANCE 

rCAll NORTH COUNTY 755-42~ MOTORCYCLES 
371 N. HIGHWAY 101 SOLANA llACH 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
January Sale ... 
1105 Prospect SI 

La Jolla, Calif 92037 
(71 4) 454-0805 

Importers • African Fabrics 
CUriOS, Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

..s: • . tt.1 SAT. It U II I P .• . 

Page 8 Tri ton Times January 11 , 1972 

BRUSSELS, LONDON, 
PARIS by UVA or AIR 
FRANCE many Charter 
flights from 5220 . 
Examples : 6 mos. Feb. 8-
Sept. 1 5285. 3 mos . June 16-
Sept 14 5259 Ask for info 
(213) 277-5200 Prof. P . 
Bentler co. Sierra Travel 
Inc 9875 Santa Monica B. 
Beverly Hills 

(1/1 4) 

Unfurnished House for 
Rent! Newly decorated - 3 
br ., 2 bath - near Mesa 
College. Carpets, drapes, 
fenced yard with treehouse 
on canyon . 5265 lease. 453-
2000, ext . 2522 (1/1 4) 

Speakers Real ist ic MC -
1000 new 5100, yr . old 550. 
755-7781 Gerry (1/11) 

9TH ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE: 
FROM 5229 ROUND-TRIP : 
J A PAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND -TRIP; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 bef. 5 or aft . 9 :30. 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. 1/28/72 

TYPING 15 YRS. OF 
SECRETARIAL 
EXPERIENCE, FAST & 
RELIABLE CALL 276-1 393 
(1/11 ) 

KOAST SURFBOARDS 
Wet suits 20% off Clark 
blanks, lsts 511.95 Glass 
5.55/yard Resin 53 / gallon, 5 
gal / 514 Booties 57 - w ith 
this ad - Moved to old 
Select Surf Shop, Cardiff 
753-5855. (S). 

EUROPE - ISRAEL- EAST 
AFRICA One way and 
round tr ip student flights . 
Inexpensive student 
camping tours throughout 
West and East Europe, 
including Russia . SOFA 
agent for inter-European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT : 
ISCA 
11687 San Vicente Blvd. 
Suite No. 4 
L . A . Calif . 90049 
TEL : (213) 826-5669 or 826-
0955 (1/11) 
Found: small honey-colored 
long-haired female dog w / 
collar. Call 453-9045. (1/14) 

Lost : black wallet in area of 
Humanities Lib. Tues . You 
can keep the 52 in the wallet 
as a reward. Contact Steve 
Jones 276-3077 . 

Did you lose a tri-colored 
cat last week? If so, I May 
know where it is. Call me at 
453-2000 ext 1920, Mary 
(1/11) 

Lost: Small part Germ. 
Shepherd male puppy w / 
flea collar . Call 453-9045 . 
( 1/14) 

Lost : black wallet in area of 
Humanities Lib. Tues. You 
can keep the 52 in the wallet 
as a reward . Contact Steve 
Jones 276-3077. (1/11) 

IS YOU R AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE 
AME.RICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS. 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION 
CONTROL STUDE NT 
DISCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(I N THEREAR ) 459-9181 

PRE LAW STUDENTS 
THE LSAT REVIEW COURSE 

Employing techniques of instruct ion used with greot 
success in the Eastern states, now o ffers Cali f ornia 
pre-law students the opportunity to maximize t heir 
LSA T scores . 
T aught in San Diego by practicing 

lawyers. 

For complete information, CALL 
TODAY 

Collect (213) 655-8046 
Course for Feb. 12 LSAT Starts Ja n. 27 

April instruction also available. 


