
uCSt~::~tGL~S::;~rrector Could There Be An ~nd to Tuition? 
In a dramatic vote Tuesday afternoon. the 

California state senate made the first step 
toward an historic decision. By a 22-to-I4 
margin the legislature's more conservative 
body passed an augmentation to the state 
budget of $26,000,000 which if accepted by the 
Regents would abolish the educational fee 
(tuition) at the University of California. 

Countering his argument. Senator Steve 
Teale (D-Mokelumne Hill ) stated. "Several 
years ago the governor gave the University a 

Many senators commented on their strong 
beliefs that tuition was imposed not to raise 
needed revenue but as a penalty against 

recent disturbances on the campuses 
concerning the Vietnam situation student 
lobby officials expressed optimism about the 
changing attitude towards the students by the 
legislators. 

Capitol observers were obviously surprised 
that the augmentation, initiated by the UC 
Student Lobby and carried by Senator Walter 
Stiern <D-Bakersfield) was able to get the 
necessary floor votes after the measure had 
failed last week in the Senate Finance 
Committee on a split 4-t0-4 vote. 

I I 
I 

',,~ 
.. 

• 

I 

II. 
t 

.. • 

I 

Fred Kaplan. an intern from UC Riverside. 
and Carney Ouye. intern from UC Davis 00 
this issue, stated " The vote in the senate and 
the debate on the tuition question reflect the 
change in legislators' minds. It is amazing 
that even after the disorder of the past three 
weeks the senate took such an incredible step. 
It shows that they are willing to listen. 
especially when there are potential voters 
concerned." 

Still, tuition is not yet abolished. The budget 
now goes to the Conference Committee. where 
the differences between the versions passed 
by the assembly and senate will be resolved 
Although the assembly 's version didn 't contaIn 
a similar augmentation. the student lobby is 
optimistic of getting the support of the 
assembly conferee. 

The debate on the floor was intense. with the 
majority of the discussion focusing on the 
propriety of making a major policy decision 
within the budget. Senate Finance Committee 
Chairman Randolf Collier (D-Yreka) . dean of 
the senate, argued that such a decision should 
be "made by the policy committee. not within 
the budget. " 

budget which was unacceptable. and so the 
Regents imposed tuition. The budget is the 
proper place to resolve this issue." 

students, and, because of the hardship it 
imposes on middle and low income students. it 
was time to remove the burden. In light of the 

Note : Among those voting against the 
motion and in favor of continued tuition wa. 
Jack Schrade. who represents UCSD. 

e 

rlon e I 
volume16/number18~/ __________________ ~u~n~iv~e~r~s~ity~of~c==a~Iif~o~r~n'~la~/~S~a~n~D~ie~g~o~, ______________________ ~F~r~i~da~y~,~N\~a~y~19~,~1~9~72 

Lumumba Zapata Steering 
Committee Presents Demands 

Hannah Cohen 

On Wednesday afternoon, 
May 17, a press conference was 
called by the Lumumba-Zapata 
Steering Committee of UC San 
DIego's Third College to clarify 
the issues of the ('ontroversy 
concerning the present black 
provost of Third College. Dr. 
Joseph Watson . Phyllis Chiu, a 
spokeswoman of the steering 
committee and a member of 
the Asian-American Students 
Alliance , read the news 
release . In it was stated the 
fact that the news media has 
distorted the issues by reducing 
them to racia I conflicts 
between chicanos and blacks. 
Rather the conflicting groups 
are : the Provost of Third 
College together with the Ad-

ministration of UC~::> , and two-
thirds of the Third College 
student community together 
with the majority of the 
faculty . 

The steering committee has 
demanded the following : 

(1) A 10 or 11 man board of 
directors to make final 
decisions for the college, by 
simple majority vote . 

(2) A Vice-Provost to be 
established, responsible to the 
Board . His defined 
responsibilities include : 

(a) Student recruitment 
and admissions ; 

(b) Faculty recruitment 
and appointments . 

(3) Implementation of the 
Academic Plan. 

(4) The present Provost is to 
resign, unless he explicitly 
agrees to the above conditions. 

The steering committee feels 
that these demands, when met, 
will help Third Collegf' to 

... achieve its goal, which is the 
dedication to the education of 
large numbers of minority 
youth and to those who 
recognize the need to alleviate 
social and economic problems; 
and in so doing , provide public , 
benefit to our society at large. 

For the last two weeks, 
picket lines have been 
organized outside of Chancellor 
McElroy 's office, and meetings 
have been held with the Ad-
ministration ; but no formal 
negotiations have yet been 
resolved . The steering 
committee says they are still 
willing to negotiate but they 
are not willing to be stalled and 
put off because this, they Student removes a cbunk of 
claim, involves too important "liberation." See story page 3 
an issue. 

•• 

aspbalt from People's Park in Berkeley last week, after its 

Arrested Group Releases 
Statement 

200 Protest Ticonderoga 
Departure 

A group of people arrested at the door of the 
Eleventh District Naval Command here Mav 4 
have released four points of unitv for ' a 
Coordinated political defense. . 

Eighty-eight people were arrested at the 
~emonstration and charged with conspiracy to 

WIlfully injure and commit depredation 
agai nst :' the U.S. Naval Supply Depot b~: 
destroytng signs and removin~ a brass 
entrance marker. 

They are also char~ed with enterin~ upon 
~h~ premises "for the purpose of defacin~ and 
Injuring said property. for preventin~ in~ress 
and egress to and from the premises and for 
unlawful assemblv." and "willfulh' and 
maliciously" obstructin~ the free movement 
of persons on the sidewalk adjacent to the 

buildin~ . . 
Arrai~ned on the nt~ht of "their arrest and 

released on bond the followin~ morninj! . the 88 
CO-defendants have been meetinj! weekh' to 
plan j!roup strategy. . 

By general concensus. the j!roup aj!reed to 
the fOllowing points of unity : 

1) We are unalterabl~' opposro to the l'nited 

States ' prosecution of war against the people 
of Indochina . 

2) We support the seven-point peace plan of 
the Provisional Revolutionarv Government of 
Vietnam as a just proposal for peace. 

3) We condemn the operations of the 
Eleventh District Naval Command. 

4) We resist the attempts of the Nixon 
administration to repress and silence the 
people of the United States. 

The May 4 action was part of a nationwide 
moratorium called to protest Nixon 's 
escalation of the war in Indochina. The date 
was also the second anniversary of the killing 
of four students at Kent State during a protest 
of the Cambodian invasion. 

Nationallv . 200 demonstrators were 
arrested in moratorium activities. 

The 88 local arrests came after the co-
defendants sat down in front of the door at 
COM 11 while several hundred additional 
demonstrators staged a picket in support of 
the action. It was the largest number of 
arrests in the nation Mav 4. 

A preliminary examination 10 the case will 
be held May 24 in federal district court. 

Approximately 250 people 
gathered in Coronado early 
Wednesday morning to protest 
the departure of the aircraft 
carrier Ticonderoga to the 
Vietnam war. 

The group proceeded from 
Sixth and Orange at appro-
ximately 6:30 a.m. marching 
on the sidewalk until they 
reached Third treel. where 
they took to the streets. 

The group. however. was 
promptly forced back onto the 
sidewalk b~' approximately 100 
members of law enforcement 
agencies repr ese ntIn g ' 
Coronado Police : San Diego 
County Shertff's Department : 
Oceanside Poltce : :-;ational 
City Police . and the usual 
assortment of plainclothes tn-
spector . In addItIon to theIr 
usual riot gear. the police also 
were noted to be carrytng ga 
masks. 

After approximately one-half 
hour of pol ice to prevent the 
group from approaching the 
main gate of orth Island 
Naval Air tation , departu re 
point for the Ticonderoga, the 
group was able to wind its way 
around the police and reach the 
gate , where they picketed on 
the sidewalk for approx imately 
an hour . 

At thi time. the group left 

the matn gate of the aval AIr 
Station , and proceeded to 
march back to Sixth and 
Orange, where after a semi-

bre~kfast of coffe and donut . 
they disper d, reassembling 
at 11 a.m. at the Friends 
Meeting Ifous in La Jolla , 
where three Ticonderoga crew 
member . were eeklng 
sanctuary f e related tory, 
page 21. 

If You Were Arrested 
Ther will be a meeting Frtd~; ' .. 1:1)" 1!J at ': .::,. ;0 till fj ... 

and Dime on MUIr for all people arrest d at th Del :\1ar tratn 
station last Frtdav ttorney and wltn se WIll b pre ent. If 
you are either or ha ve elth r. com If vou know omeon who 
was arre ted . tell them to come. and If \'ou have photoJ1;raph 
or other eVIdence. brtnl! It Or call 755-0606 



Language Program To 
Be Scrutinized Tuesday 

The ever· popular question of the Revelle and Muir basic 
language programs and pro£iciencies will be the topic of 
discussion at an informal evenmg session with Dr. Sanford 
Schane scheduled for May 23rd at 7:30 p.m. in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. Dr. Schane is the acting head of the basic 
language program. and this evening has been set up to allow a 
student feedback reaction to the program to be heard. 

The discussion. part of the Revelle Guest·In·Residence 
Committee's " professor series. " is designed to provide a 
relaxed atmosphere for student·faculty communication to take 
place. Coffee. punch. and cookies will be served. 

L.A. National Action 
Amidst the largest outpouring of antiwar sentiment since 

May 1970. the ational Peace Action Coal ition· West has 
announced it will stage a major demonstration in Los Angeles 
this Saturdav. Mal' 20. 

The marc'h is Part of a national agenda of peace actions 
called for this weekend bv NPAC and the People's Coalition for 
Peace and Justice. 'West Coast activities. including 
demonstrations in Los Angeles. San Jose. and Long Beach. will 
commence on May 20. to be followed on Sunday. May 21. by 
similar actions in San Francisco and Washington. D.C. 

NPAC is perhaps best·known in this area for its sponsorship 
of the massive April 22 antiwar demonstration in Los Angeles. 

Demonstrators will assemble in MacArthur Park at 10 a .m" 
and march down Alvarado to Hoover and a 1 p.m. rally at 
Exposition Park. 

Sheriffs Close the Gap 
There 's no generation gap between sheriff'S deputies and 

teenagers in the sheriff's ride·along program in East San Diego 
County. For three years the sheriff's substations at EI Cajon 
and Lemon Grove has hosted high school students who observe 
the deputies in action . . 

Lt . Hill. in charge of the ride along program for EI Cajon. 
comments. " I've been very impressed by the feedback in the 
students' written eva luations. These trips open their eyes : 
many of them for the first time see what it really means to be 
an officer. They begin to ee a deputy as a human being doing 
his best at a difficult job." 

The TRITOI\' TIMES wishes to thank the San Diego County 
Monthly. an employee newsletter. for the above illuminating 
report. 

Alcohol ism School 
A complement of nalionall~··recogmzed experts in the battie 

against alcoholism will assemble on the L'CSD campu Jul.\' 10-
12 to teach the University 's first summer school of alcohol 
studies. 

The school will be led bl' Marc A Schuckit. M.D" as Istant 
professor of p ychiatr~·in·residence. UCSD School of 
Medicine . and 1972 winner . with two other phvsicians . of the 
American Psvchlatrtt' Association 's Hofheimer Prize for 
Research. Their award was for investigation of gen liC versus 
environmental factors In the incidence of alcoholism . 

Reglstral10n [or the three·da~· course is open to anyone who 
is working professionall~' with alcoholics or developing 
programs to dea l wilh alcoholism . However. the course is 
desc ribE'd as "advallced." and partiCipa nt s shtluld already 
possess ba ic knowledge about the disea se. 

The school IS co· sponsored bv the U nlvers il~' 01 California 
Extension and the Department of Psvchiatn·. CSD School of 
MediCi ne. With national. sta le. county and muntcipal agencies. 

For further Inlormallon wnte Mrs. Karen Lockwood. the 
program admlnlslrator . al Summer School of Alcohol StUdies. 
Untversltl' ExtenSion. Box 109. La Jolla . Ca 920:l7 : or lelephone 
453-2000 >:2084 

We Have a new Regent 
Governol Hun,tld Reagan last Il eek apPOln,cd William A. 

Wilson. a .os I n~ele, bUSinessman and (' 11'1(' lead r. to the 
Board of R 'gl'nh 01 lhl' lInil'crsi ll' of Ca illornia 

Wilson. ,; an t' n~lnt'('I' and presldenl 01 a Lo, Angeles 
im'estmen \trill 1\111 :,u('cced I::dwln \1 Paulel 01 Bel'erl\' 
Hi lls . whu la, rt'llrL'd 

" Bill \\ I.,un I", lIlan III ()utsla ndln~ Inlt'gntl and abilltl' who 
throuj!lltlul III "Jj "., lou ., dcmlJ~<l rAIt'd lh"'l he 1<; l' lta \l~' 
concerned \\l th Ih\' probll'I11' ul OUI S()(' ICII l> Ul ernOr 
Reaga n Sil d . 1ft. 1\111 I ~nu" proll' 10 bl' 11 wollhl successor 
to Ed Paul 'I . 

\\'llson II h.. I' bulh a rC~ISIl'rl''' 111('('hanl('al and 
m('\allur~ )(, ill cnj!lnl'('r "a I11cl11bU' 01 till' ('01111111'slon 01 the 
Calltorm,l. <lnd I, t'h,III'I11Jn 01 Its :'\M('J1tl(" and \)ru~ .Ibus 
Commltle ' 

Hc IS also it 1lIl'llIbt'l III Ihl' Board III He~{'nh 01 SI .J ohn ·s 
Huspltal 411 Sanl" :\lontl'J and a past chairman 01 Ihe boa rd 01 
the Holl Fill11ll\ Iduplinn Igpn('1 In Lo> .Ingell" 

A nalll I' 01 Lo, Inl!t'lrs he I~ a ~raduall' ul Stanlord 
UntH'rsll I 

HIS addft,,,,, IRtll IlenUI' 01 thl' Star"1.0' \ng,'le, 
He IS d Republlt'an 
RE.'JZenb art' appotn ttod lor 16'1 ear IeI'm, 

Page 2 Triton Times May 19, 1972 

Three crewmen Jump Ticonderoga 
'The San Diego-based U.S.S, 

11c •• lhnp sailed for active 
duty in Vietnam yeste-day; 
bowever, th~ of its crewmen 
refused to leave and took 
sanctuary in the La Jolla 
Friends' Meeting House. They 
were arrested later by Navy 
investigative service officers 
and flown to the aircraft 
carrier as it sailed out of the 
harbor. Three crewmen werp 
identified as Tony Powers. 23. 
of South Gate. air controller 
second class ; John Elliott. 20. 

salIOtuary : " I am taking 
sanctuary because in the past it 
has proved effective in getting 
tbe citizens' attention. I know 
there are many more who feel 
the way I do. but really can't 
express what they feel by 
themselves ... 

Tony Powers also explained 
his actions : .. 1 am taking 
sanctuary to demonstrate my 
total protest to the war in 
Vietnam . 1 am convinced the 

of Arlington , Virginia. 
boatswain 's mate third class ; 
and Bruce Wayne Rumer. 20 , of ' 
Missoula. Montana. cook. 

Bruce Rumer stated at the 
Meeting House. " I don 't 
believe in any physical violence 
(wars ), and cannot bring 
myself to be involved even 
indirectly in the killing of 
people. Our bombs are killing 
people! There is only one who 
has the right to take a life , 
God." 

war has immoral purposes and 
practices and also degrades 
anyone who involves himself. I 
have spent three and a half 
years in the service at this 
point and cannot justify my 
continued support of the war, 
particularly in light of recent 
escalation with intensive 
bombing and mining ." 

David Neptune. clerk of the 
La Jolla Friends ' Meeting, 
speaking on behalf of the 

Meeting, stated. "We feel. 
especially at this time when 
there is an escalation in the air 
and naval war in Indochina. 
that each man who se 
conscience no longer perm i ts 
him to participate in the war 
should be supported in his non· 
violent beliefs and witness. We 
are providing this sanctuary 
which is in the tradition of the 
Peace Testimony of the 
Friends ." 

John Elliott explained the 
reasons for hi s taking 

Job EUIot, &nee Rumer and Tony Powers, llilree SaUon wllo soapt unetury from llie 
Vietnam Wlr, 

Two UCSD Scientists Honored 
Dr. Urey-Amer. 
I nstitute of Chem ists 

Dr. Harold C. Urev. UCSD professor of chemistry emeritus. 
will receive the gold medal of the American Institute of 
Chemists during the institute 's 49th annual meeting May 18-20 
in Niagara Falls. New York. 

The medal. the organization 's highest honor . is awarded 
annually for "stimulating activities of service to the science o[ 
ehemisiry of the profession of chemist or chemical engineer in 
the United States." Urey. who has been awarded honorary 
degrees by 25 universities and colleges. has received medals 
and awards from numerous institutes and societies throughout 
the world . Among them was the National Medal of Science. 
presented to him by President Lyndon Johnson in 1965. 

Urey received the obel Prize in chemistry in 1934 for his 
discovery of Heavy hydrogen. He received his B.S. from the 
University of Montana in 1917 and hi s Ph.D. from the 
Uni versitvo[ California at Berke l e~' in 1923. During World War 
II . Urey ' served as one of three program chiefs in the 
Manhattan Project. which conducted res~arch fundamental to 
the development of the atomic bomb. 

Serving earlier on the faculties of Johns Hopkins and 
Columbia Universities. he joined the facu t.v at UCSD in 1958 as 
professor of chemistry at·la rge. In July . 1970 he became 
professor emeritus of chemistry. and on Dec. l. 1970 was 
honored with a newl~' created title. "university professor." 
Only four other UC professors in the nine·campus system share 
this disti nction. 

Dr.Suess-Amer. Acad. 
of Arts and Sciences 

Dr. Hans Eduard Suess. UCSD professor of chemistry. has 
been elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and 
Sciences. 

Suess. a member of the UCSD faculty since 1958. is one of 23 
scholars and scientists from California to receive the honor 
and one of five chemists throughout the United States elected 
in this year's group. . . 

The American Academv of Arts and ScIences. founded In 
1780, is the second oldest iearned society in the United States. 
Its present membership includes 2200 representatives from the 
mathematical. physical and biological sciences as well as law. 
administration. public affairs. theology. fine arts. and the 
humanities . 

Suess joined Scripps Institution of Oceanography as a 
research geochemist in 1955. He was one of the first four 
professors appointed to the UCSD faculty. Suess has published 
numerous scientific articles on the origin of the elements. 
radiocarbon dating. nuclear shell structure. the chronologv of 
the ice ages . the geochemistry of carbon dioxide . and the 
problems of cosmochemistry. 

Born in Vienna in 1909. Suess earned hi s doctorate in 
chemistry at the University of Vienna in 1936. From 1937 to 
1950 he was a research assistant and professor at the 
University of Hamburg. Germany. Suess became a naturalized 
U.S. citizen in 1955. 

Suess is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. a 
foreign member of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry at 
Mainz. West Germany. a foreign member of the Austrian 
Academv of Sciences. and a member of the Heidelberg 
Academy of Sciences. 

"The Law School Jungle" Set 
" The Law School Jungle" 

will be the topic of a di scussion 
by Dr. M:lrtin Levine for the 
firs I even t of a week·long pre· 
law program at UCSD next 
week Levin . a professor of 
law at the nlversity of 
Southern Calilor nia . wi ll 
answer question s from 
students about what are the 
best law schools. what type of 
student th e schools are 
seeking. and how to improve 
one's chances of gelling 
admitted to the school or one's 
choice. Hi s talk will be Monday 
at8 p.m In 1105 BSB I Medical 
School ). 

Accurdlng to l,(SD pre·law 
ad Visor Tom llull Ihere Will be 
several panel discussions con· 
cerntng la\\ school and the 
legal prolesslOn during the 
week Students Irom San Diego 
area law chools Will diSCUSS 
theIr experiences In the chools 
Tuesda~ al 8 p m In USB 2622 
Wedne da~ and Thursda y 
evenings there Will be panels of 
lawyers dlsl'ussing the various 
ar as 01 sp clah7.at lon open to 

attorneys. These discussions 
will take place at 8 p.m. in the 
H·L Auditorium. 

Several Californi a law 
schools will have represent· 
ative on campus Tuesday and 
Wed nesday af ternoons to 
answer questions concerning 
admissions Loyola Universi ty 
and UC Davis will have 
admissions officers in the 
Informal Lounge from ' -4 p.m. 
Tuesday. Wednesday at the 
same time and place United 
States International Unive rsity 
and the University of San Diego 

will have representatives at 
UCSD . 

Dean Hull ha lJeen organi· 
zing these and other pre· law 
programs with a group of 
UCSD students. Among the 
other projects underway is a 
special law school catalog 
collection in the Humanities 
Library . There are also plans 
for a possible orientation 
course for students planning to 
take the Law School Admiss ion 
Te t in the Fall. Further 
details may be obtai ned by 
attending the session With 
Martin levine. or by calling 
Hull at2231 

A NEW (AIARn OFFIRING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT. •. 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAILY FROM 11:00 am 
UNTIL 2:00 am. 

4970 VOL TAII£ OCEAN .ACH 
( 714) 223-9773 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459·7355 

You~hSupports the President 
An undated press release 

from the Committee for the 
Re-election of the Presiden t 
reports that : 

Three days after President 
Nixon announced his new 
Vietnam policies public 
support for those policies con· 

President, this poll shows 70 of 
B5 students in support of the 
President's policies. 

University was a referendum 
on the President's Vietnam 
policies. More than 52 per cen t 
of the students voting in that 
referendum said they either 
supported or st rongl y 
supported PreSident ixon 's 
Vietnam policies. 

, tinues to grow among young 
people. TIle latestevidence has 
been reported in Minnesota , 
California and Colorado . 

At the President's alma 
mater , Whittier College, 
Whittier, California, a survey 
conducted by the local chapter 
of Pi Sigma Alpha. a national 
political science honorary fra· 
ternity, found student sup· 
porting the President for reo 
election over hiS major 
Democratic rivals by as much 
as 80 per cen t to 7 per cent. 

In a related development. 
Denver's youngest city council· 
man, Denver Blue, 24. said in 
commenting on a resolution 
passed by the Denver City 
Council in support of the 
President, "Something of this 
importance, that is dealing 
with na tional security. is not 
something to play politics with 
- which is why this is a bi· 
partisan message of support. .. 

A V .... w ........ f. Ddy CIIIIoniut ne Put WII rellb. dariq ree"t 
pllolopapllen, II aile pIub I Dower .. llie .elD •• llrIUoll prolesll.g llle Illest 
reendy retab. PHPle'l Pan .. Berkeley. eteaIalioa olllle Vietnam War. 

Berkeley May Lease Park: 
People's Park Blooms Again 
Mic~ael Sesma "unnecessary conflict over the they went into a large recycling 
JOn! Garwood property can only impair the container. " It just has to 

The legl'ndary People's Park outcome of these discussions happen this way, nobody's the 
in Berkeley, California, is once between the city and the boss." 
again in the hands of the University." TIle garden showed the most 
students and community. Soon With the lease motion made work . Knee·high bamboo 
after the park bad been by the city council, a request fences were placed to section 
"liberated" last week from the was made that University and large and tiny individual 
U .C. Regents , groups of people city police not interfere with garden plots, and gravel from 
began the work necessary to "peaceful activities in the park an adjoining parking lot was 
reconstruct the park by tearing as lonc as they keep it brought in to line the baths 
up the asphalt and planting peaceful. " Activities at the between the garden patched . 
trees, flowers and vegetables. park were nevertheless The mounded rows of wet dirt 

Sensing this shift from monitored by two carloads of were marked with empty seed 
tra :hing and toward the police. One officer, pessimistic packets labeling each row 's 
pea lie's positive efforts ~ about the park's future , said. contents - carrots, radishes, 
iml rove the park, the Berkeley "TIley won't keep it, the onions, peas, cucumbers, 
Cit) Council passed a motion property is too valuable and the lettuce and celery. One plot 
last Friday morning expressing University will want to build a was labeled "The Ronald 
its Jesires to lease the park dormitory on it someday. I Reagan Memorial Tomato 
frOtn the University. heard the land is worth $3 Patch." The vegetables are for 

During the discussions of the million. " "whoever needs them ." 
lease, Mayor Warren Widener Negotiations are expected to Meetings to plan toilet 
said Chancellor Albert Bowker consist of a long series of facilities and a permanent 
had told him the decision about meetings, the first of which wash·house, were among those 
leasing the park land would took place Wednesday behind posted on a newer, bigger 
have to be made by the closed doors between Bowker, community bulletin board. and 
University Board of Regents. his ~ce chancellors and a media table next to it 
But Councilwoman Ilona four members of the Berkeley substituted for a food 
Hancock replied that in the City Council. allocation point. Several boxes 
past the Regents had decided PI.ISlnt R.llity of bad looking yellow apples sat 
leaSing the land was up to the Meanwhile. by Sunday on the table next to a box of 
Chancellor. afternoon 300 people were on dried peppers. 

PrelimiDlry DlscussioDI hand to help with the various Last Monday a birthday 
That evening, Chance1l9r jobs needed to convert the park party for the People 's Park 

Bowker said, "The Uni~l'rSity into a pleasant reality. Yet took place just before sunset. 
will seriously consider the nobody in the park seemed 'to During the invocation the park 
proposal (to lease the land I and know how the projects were was "presented to the people." 
some preliminary discussions being coordinated . "The whole although an official deed for 
have already been held." thing is organic." said a man the city council does not appear 

However . he warned that crushing aluminum cans before in the near future 

Christi~n Paper to Appear 
Chuck Graham 

Soon to make its first appearance at r CSIJ 
will be a newspaper entitled IN HIS IM:\GE. 
according to Bill Sjaholm. Revelle sophomore. 

" IN HIS IMAGE." explained Sjahollll . " I~ 
the proposed name for a Chrisllan publication 
soon to appear on campus. It is our hope that il 
may serve as a vehicle of God's 10\'1' through 
Ihe presentation of Christ as the answer to 
man 's need ." 

The idea for such a publication. said 
SJaholm. was conceived around the middle 01 
the Wtnter Quarter. "At thai tllne se\'eral 01 
us became aware of the tremendou~ 
possibihltes of such a minis1ry amonjZ the 
student here." Reaction amonJZ l 'CSD 
Chrtstians to the proposal has in fact beE.'n 
ver:.' enthusiastic . 

Speak ing for the staff of Il"\ HIS 1!\1,\GE. 
SJaholm noted that " we are a tudenl ·run ·and· 
Operated publication We are in no wa\' 

connected with any particular denominational 
group. We simply want to be an open and 
useful tool toward the furtherance of the Great 
Commission.' . 

The paper's goals and aims include I I 
identification of Christians at UCSD. 21 
evangelization of the UCSD campu.: 31 aldtng 
Chri~tians in finding fellowship through 
publication of dates and limes of Christian 
activities : 41 providing a forum for 
presentation of Chnstlan thou~hl within the 
University communtty , 51 encouragtnlZ 
Christian students to directl~' share their faith 
through publtcation of articles and poe tn' : 6 J 
encouraging spiritual unit~· among all 
Christian believers. 

" In our first issue we hope to publish a list 01 
names and addresses so Christians can keep in 
touch over the summer." noted Sjaholm Am 
material can be submitted 10: In HIS ImaJZe 
Publications. PO. Box 4592. RE.'velle . or ApI. 
N·l, MUIr. UCSD. 

In Spicer. Minnesota , Dean 
Urdahl , a teacher in New 
London Spicer High, surveyed 
10th graders Tuesday and found 
41 in favor of the President's 
new policy, 29 in favor of Viet· 
namization as previously 
cond ucted , three favoring 
stronger measures and 12 
wanting immediate with· 
drawal. Adding the first two 
figures of support for the 

A student mock election held 
at John F. Kenned y University, 
San Francisco, the day after 
the President's latest Vietnam 
address to the nation, fou nd the 
President victorious with 43 
per cent of the vote compared 
to 26.4 per cent for Senator 
McGovern. 

Al so on the b3llot at Kennedy 

" We have to get behind (the 
President~ ." Blue said, "and 
let the world know we are 
behind him ... ·' 

The 
Amazing 

Amalgamated 
Amorphus 

This Sat.-Sun. 
fromS P.M. 

at 
The Anomaly Factory 

WANTED: 
BRIGHT YOUNG COL-
LEGE MEN FOR EXEC-
UTIVE POSITIONS IN 
GOVERNMENT. MUST 
MEET PHYSICAL RE-
QUIREMENTS. QUALIFY 
THROUGH SPECIAL 
TRAINING COURSE. 

TICKETS 
available at 

the Urey Hall 
Box Office and 

atthe Door. 

Here's a government job with a real future. A pi lot 
and officer in the Ai r Force, An executive-level job 
in anybody's book. To qualify, college grads enter 
the Air Force's Officer Training Program and upon 
receiving their commission continue on to flight 
school..lnvestigate·. You'll fi nd that as an Air Force 
pi lot you'll be able to go far, fast. 

r.hd ~ in the United States Ai fetee 

For more information call: 
Technical SergeantJoe Russell 

3877 Clairemont Drive ___ !_ 
San Diego, California 92117 

Telephone: 270-2323 , 

May 19, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



EXICD 
Travel. wrhl1e 

'You .-tudy 
:l •• uDl..~er 

••••••••• 

1lIl'EBKIJ POR 
$485 

'U:N IV ER8ITY 
OF lVIEXICO 

INCLUDES 
• Transportation 
• Tuition 
• Accommodations 

POI' ~uriiher :Info. 
1IIrr:liie or call: 
Tenochtitlan·Mexico Travel Agency 
Box 2'6279. L.A .. CAL. 0020 
(213) ~~7;6235 

Understanding Third College 
Jeff Raskin 

"'''''''"''''111'11'111111"",,"''''' •• '111''11'''1''''''''''''''''111111111''''''''''111111"""lu,ului 9Mayl~ 
To'the Third <Allege/Lamumba-Zapata CommllDllY: 

Records! Records! 
We've cut the 

price of 
Records! 

1 

POPULAR-JAZZ-FOLK 
CLASSICAL 

SAVE UP TO $3.00 
TOP ARTISTS-
MAJOR LABELS 

At The 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

USE ••. 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Serving the financial needs of UCSD La lolla Campus-
SIO - POINT LOMA and Ihe SAN YSIDRO HEALTH 
CLINIC personnel. 

Your Credit Union provides a broad scope of financial 
services designed exclusively 10 benefit Ine particular 
needs of academic and staff members. Office hours are 
from 10 AM to 6 PM daily except on universal holidays. 

f 
, 

• LOW INTEREST LOANS 
• 5WI. PAID ON SHARES' 
• LOAN PROTECTION INSURANCE 
• PHONE WITHDRAWAL SERVICE 

'P~id last dividend period 

rnJ~[§ 
CRE 

UNIVUSITY , STAT( (MI'lDYEES CIIDIT lIltlON 
Of SAIl DIlCO 

5555 Mildred St .• San Diego 92110 Phone 297-1838 
EKh Member Account Insured to S20.ooo by NCUA 

Page. Triton Times May 19. 1972 

We have been bombarded with propaganda both pro and con 
on the issue of the provost and whether he should resign or be 
made to rp.sign. To make the problem clear it must be realized 
that there are two different institutions at Third College. They 
share personnel. classes and physical location. but differ in 
governmental structure. One of them. which I will call "LZ." 
has the fonn of a representative democracy. The other. which 
I will call " 3rd." follows the usual University of California 
college structure. along with Revelle and Muir colleges. 
Without the LZ/3rd distinction. many of the arguments caMot 
be understood: 

From the LZ point of view the provost has clearly violated 
the basic tenants established when LZ was founded . Briefly the 
by-laws state that LZ policy is created by the general assembly 
which consists of all students. (acuity and staff of Third 
College. Since a group of this size is' unyieldy, a board of 
directors (three students, two faculty /staff and the provost) 
representing the general assembly makes the major decisions. 
and the provost implements these and sees to the day-lo-day 
functioning of the college. 

A controversy arose over a number of issues where a 
majority of the board disagreed with the provost and the 
provost announced his intention to use his own judgement when 
a consensus was not reached. The matter was taken to the 
general assembly which clearly voted that the board was to 
operate by majol'ity rule. The provost. by word and action. has 
made it clear that he is not bound by this vote. There are a 
number of specific instances to demonstrate this . From the LZ 
point of view the provost is in the wrong and he should work 
within the bylaws or resign. He refuses to abide by the rules . 
Therefore he abould resign. . 

Official Stnlcture UlIClear 
When the Regents accepted the Third College academic plan 

it was not made clear whether the LZ structure was the official 
policy of the Regents for internal governance or not. The 
chancellor at UCSD has chosen to interpret Third College 
structure as essentially uniform with the other colleges. Thus 
the chancellor has th~ sole right to appoint or fire the provost. 
Looking from the outside in. the provost has been and is doing 
an excellent job. In fact, in many areas internal to 3rd. the 
provost has also been doing very well . When Third College was 
founded by essentially revolutionary tactics it generated 
considerable animosity and apprehension in the academic and 
governmental circles concerned with the University. The 
provost has been very effective in quieting these fears and has 
smoothed the way for peaceful operation and growth of 3rd. 
Thus. on balance. the provost has been very effective in 
quieting these fears and has smoothed the way for peaceful 
operation and growth of 3rd. Thus. on balance. the provost is a 
valuable asset to 3rd and his only mistakes have been poor 
tactics and judgement in handling a few internal disputes. 
Therefore he should remain and perhaps be given some 
guidance in settling internal differences. 

On the anti-provost side it is pointed out that many of the 
programs at Third College t meaning the amalgam of LZ and 
3rd) are not going well and claim that the provost has been 
obstructing their attempts to improve the situation. The pro-
provost side feel that the provost's programs have been 
obstructed. and that the problems cannot be caused or cured by 
one man alone. and that others have been as contributary to the 
failurt:s as has the provost. If both sides COUld. eliminate all the 
"trouble-makers" there would be a very small handful of 
people left. 

From my point of view both sides are correct. each in its own 
frame of reference. Both sides also agree that the goal of Third 
<Allege is to make quality education relevant and available to 
all people. and to begin to correct the injustices of the past by 
actively seeking the admission of third world people and 
developing a curriculum that does not insult their intelligence 
and cultural heritage. All conc~rned realize the difficulties of 
this task as well as its necessity . 

Laft.,~ 
There has been a terrible lack of communication In this 

matter . Each side has generally met only with others of like 
penuasion. The positions and opinions bave rearel:.- been heard 

McGovern: A 
Progressive Change 

. Fred DriIeoII 
Last week "wlpOlltaDeolll, pauiDe ralliellfOWD in outrage 

at Diet Nisoa'i Iatelt irreIpoIIIible ncalatioa of the war in 
lMochina. TIle marcIIu ,ained COIIIidenbIe momentum, ,ot 
wide publicity and bad ID impact. PoIk:e made iDdilcrim!Mte 
arrests, people lOt burt, oplnioDl became evea more polarized. 

RoaaJd ReqID lOt 011 the media and Mid that the relatively 
lmall IiJe of the marcbellibowed that. atudeDli now IIIppOI't 
tile war. Someone elle conuneated on free air Ume that lOme 
demonItratiOD w .. the moat frjpteninl dilplay of vuJaarity 
since- Nazi Germany. Protest leaden. on tile other band, 
claimed "a areat victory for the people." ADd somehow, at 
the end of the week lookinl back, it seems that Diet Nixon bas 
probably succeeded in strategically putting another one over 
on the AmeriCID people. . 

I think it is time for everyone to take note of the fact that 
there will be a next President of the United States eight months 
from now. and there Is a real choice to be made. If George 
McGovern is defeated by Hubert Humphrey in california on 
June 6, the choice in November will be the aame non-cboice it 
was in li6I. If George McGovern takes California he wiu 
probably win the Democratic nomination on the first ballot, 
and we wiu be facing the most significant opportunity for 
progressive ch .... e this generation has seen. 

The Presidency is a very distant and obscure thing to most 
persons. including myself, and the magnitude of the change 
possible in it is hard to realize. The present Administration has 
probably done more to isolate the President from input from 
his constituenls and to censor the bureaucratic IOUrceS of 
information than any other in bistory. In the silent war of the 
Xerox machines venus the shredding machines, only an 
occasional moral, human breech of secrecy ,ives us a glimpse 
of our leaders. 

Uted Car SaleImID 
And slowly, the glimpses of Richard Nixon are forming a 

very depressing picture. It used to be a popular joke to ask, 
"Would you buy a used car from this man? " Now I think it 
would be better to ask, "Can we survive a used car salesman as 
President?" As our President we seem to have the ad man 
mentality incarnate. 

Coupled with an incapacity to deal straighUorwardly with 
the issues dividing our nation, he has the unerring ability to 
take a lemon of a policy and bring it up to a television-bright 
shine. So we magically see "duly constituted and elected 
gove~nts" appear where the dictator Thieu ought to be 
standing, "quality education for all" where we thought we 
clearly saw lie fllde segregation, a "secret plan to end the 
war" where we haven't seen anything even remotely close. 

I don't know how one sets an absolute standard for morality, 
truthfulness or frankness, but Richard Nixon certainly makes 
a good contrast for George McGovern. The following glimpses 
of Nixon are courtesy of ex-Nixon-lldviser Richard Whalen, in 
CIItclI die Falliq F .... 

When Nixon and his strategists were discussing whether to 
attend Martin Luther King's funeral, they attempted to steer a 
centrist course down their void of morality. The threat from 
the right was seen as, " If he stays home there won't be any 
moral difference between him and Wallace." So he went, and 
later rebuked his advisers for" a serious mistake that almost 
cost us the South." Somehow I don't think that George 
McGovern has any qualms about his effort to make Dr. King's 
birthday a national holiday 

Nixon's indifference to domestic issues is encapsulated in an 
outburst delivered to his campaign staff. "So take the crap 

CMtiaHd .. pa&t 5 

in open debate. and both sides have (in my experience) been 
rather arrogant in their assumption that they knew eucUy 
what the other side would say to any point. and therefore 
discussion was unnecessary as well as impossible. However 
the lines are not as rigidly drawn as many think. For eumple 
there are many who feel that the LZ structure is necessary and 
that the present provost should be retained. And a world of 
other positions as well , 

The positions have these faults : The anti·provost faction has 
in the very by-laws it is trying to re-establish as legitimate, a 
provision for recalling the provost. It calls for a two-thirds 
mail ballot of the general assembly. As of yet they have not 
called for such a ballot. Until they do. and win it. having it not 
accepted, they are in the dubious position of not following their 
own regulations. The provost. and those supporting him, have 
their position materially weakened by the provost's insistence 
that he does not have to follow the mandates of the general 
assembly and the board of directors. Even if the chancellor and 
the regents do not recognize the by-laws. the provost was very 
aware of them when he accepted his present position. At the 
very least he knew that by becoming provost he would have to 
work with the LZ concept within the college. He should not 
have taken the job unless he intended to abide by the by-laws in 
letter and spirit. The chancellor has taken sides and cannot be 
accepted as a mediator. He regards LZ as essentially invisible 
and is dealing only with 3rd. 

Aside from capitulation by one side or the other the only hope 
for a reasonable solution seems to me to lie in bringing the two 
groups together in negotiation and debate with a neutral 
moderator. While, as I have pointed out above. many on both 
sides believe that there is no point to this my actual experience 
has shown that there is a huge common area of agreement and 
that a ,ood deal of the extreme postures come from inbreeding 
of the arguments. 

The LZ position is a reasonable step in the dlrectiOD of 
siplficant student participation. nus is a IfOWlng trend wbich 
must be exemplified at Third Coil •. A strona and articulate 
provost Is required. The present provost hal been realOllllbly 
effective. The LZ side must recopiR the realities of the 
University. and the Univenity must recocnize the realities of 
tile lpirit of the times. 

~""p ... 
from the coordinatin& committee and put it out - it doesn't 
mean a damn thiJII· Women parUcularly like it. They don't 
have the sliglltest idea what it means, but the voters been 
taught to expect It. You're not FiJII to change people on 
welfare, whether they're white or black, for a century. " 
Perhaps it never occurred to Nixon that "If America can set a 
deadline to put a man on the moon there is no reason why we 
cannot set a deadline to end bunger in this country," or maybe 
Nixon sees more clearly than McGovern that it's not the 
starving people who are the swing votes in an election. 

Do ... &Ie FudiH Dewltery 
Except for periods when international politics gives Nixon 

the chance to act out bis favorite John Wayne movie morality 
(" I never shoot blanks"), the day-to;Iay domestic functioning 
of the Administration is rather desultory. As Whalen remarks, 
"On Election Day Nixon had reached his destination, but there 
the tracks had stopped. Now he began an improvised 
presidency." And now in 1972 we will be witnessing Nixon 
centrism applied to Vietnam, bussing, auto emissions, 
cancellation of the national debt, and poverty in America, as he 
steers his way into the largest numbers of voters responding to 
his improvisations. 

So what would be the great change with George McGovern as 
President? I don't really know. I don 't know how different the 
climate of this country could be if we weren't embarrassed at 
being part of a lie every time the President makes a speech. if 
we could face the fact that our "saving face" in Vietnam has 
cost several million lives, or if we could work together under 
sincere leadership to solve the domestic crises which won't 
stay hidden much longer. 

I guess I don 't know what one President with a sympathetic 
Congress can do to change the pervasive corporate influence 
over the domestic and foreign policies of this government; but 
a person elected on open accountability must be more likely to 
affect a change than a person who peddles influence for 
campaign support. 

Also for the future to determine is just how much effect a 
person such as McGovern can have on the nature of 
presidential campaigns. I am optimistic for the effects of a ' 
candidate who can inspire people to work for their goals, to get 
involved, and to c~perate in the pursuit of these goals. There 
is definitely going to be some lasting effect from a volunteer 
peace army of 50,000 persons working in California alone. 

I am also optimistic that voters will be able to see the 
difference between a mass media campaign which plays on our 
fears, and a people-oriented movement which grows on our 
hopes. While the California primary precinct work will be 
limited by time to keeping our hopes alive, I suspect that the 
November campaign may see a new form of popular 
involvement, with half a million individuals giving meaning to 
the phrase, " Power to the People." 

For those people who can still salvage their hope for the 
future of this country, the next three weeks are goinj to be 
very crucial. If you feel it's worth one night a week to see 
George McGovern as President, stop by the McGovern tables 
on Revelle or Muir plazas, and start looking and working 
forward to June 6. It's up to you . 

UCSD and Dissent 
H. Paul Libello 

Here we are. dreamily circulating our useless anti-war 
petitions. being whipped into a frenzy by mob psychologists 
(we call them leaders ) at rallies and mass meetings. and 
spending our days beneath sloganeering banners and admidst 
the never-ending flow of simple-minded leaflets and 
propaganda sheets. The whole atmosphere exudes anti-
intellectualism. Harangue is the substitute for dialogue. Is 
there more than one opinion on the war at UCSD? Are we even 
willing to admit that there may be rational arguments for the 
opposing side - in this case the President's course in the war? 
Or are all who disagree with us either evil or ignorant? Are we 
practicing thought-control on each other? 

California is the most insular of the contiguous states. and 
the college campus is the most insular spot in California. We 
get tbe feeling here that there is an overwhelming popular 
condemnation of the country's,course. and support for Hanoi 's 
freedom fighting tanks and divi5ions . But it's just not so. Who 
here remembers Tennessee. Kansas. Connecticut and 
Wisconsin? Or Poway. EscQndido and San Marcos? That's 
where t~e people live. The ones who vote. The ones whose wills 
are reflected in Congress. We get together a demonstration of 
300 at UCSD, or 3000 in Los Angeles. or march on Washington 
with 30.000. and we're impressed. And we say. "How can the 
President ignore this popular outburst? The mob is at the door. 
Why don 't we get action? Let's sit in the streets. He'll have to 
listen. Let's bang our heads against the wall and cry. He can't 
ignore that. " Of course he can ignore this juvenile nonsense. 
and he should . Don't we realize that the most impressive 
parade we could muster would represent a puny and 
inSignificant fraction of the voting public? 

Ml.orlty AlwaYI Fnlltrattd 
Unfortunately. a democracy. being ruled b~' the majority. 

will alwavs frustrate the minority in matters wherea single 
unified pOlicy is required , particuiarly in foreign affairs . The 
maturity required of members of such a community demands 
thaI the~ understand and accept this . The~' will be on the 
majority side of another issue. which will eqOallv frustrate 
their opponents. The society is not served b,· each side taking 
turns being destructive. It is not reqUIred. however . that they 
placidly string along. There i an avenue opcn for the minority. 
But this avenue is not mob action l ~ will never do It . In fact it 
is counterproductive. The avenue IS to convince Ihe voti ng 
population Ihat we are nght. "rhat :'lixon is wrong and Hanoi IS 
fight. That all the Presidents the\' have elected in the past 20 
yea rs have been immoral baby~ klllinl! criminals. That the 
Democratic Republic of \'ietnam with their democraticall~' 
elected Ilovernment represents the true will of all the peoples 
01 South Vietnam. Laos. Cambodia. ThaIland and Burma . that 
they are noble enoujlh to be wlllin!! to liberate That the 

Letters to tbe Editor 

Linguist.ics Department Members 
Statement on the War 

cleaning them and defleaing 
them, should think about the 
image they portra y of 
themselves. 

We of the University of 
California San Diego 
Linguistics Department 
students. faculty and staff alike 
- join together in condemning 
President Nixon's escalation of 
the murder and terror in 
Vietnam . We urge the 
immediate withdrawal of all 
U.S. forces from Southeast 
Asia and the cessation of all 
military support for any 
government in that region. 

Peter Benson 
Dyan Williams 
Martha Green 
Leanne Hinton 
Susan Steele 
R. D. Van Val in 
Ove Laurentz 
Pat McCorry 
Jurgen Meisel 
Linda K. Miller 
Chan ida Chanyapat 
Linda Arrlega 
Megan Rymniak 
Masako Inoue 

Kuni Ogawa 
Chester M. Wood 
Timothy S. Smith 
Susette Elgin 
Ronald W. Langacker 
Larry P. Gorbet 
S. Y. Kuroda _ 
Nancy Fishberg 
A. Bamford 
Donald Forman 
Charles Y. Lee 
Terence McKee 
MaryJoLamb 
Linda G. Murphy 
Joseph Fischer 
Margaret Langdon 
Catherine Funk 
Elizabeth Hemkes 
Marta Nelson 
James Knox 
Joni D. Eknes 
Robbin Ballison 
Mar ie·Jo Gouesse 
Ruth Almstedt 
Pamelo Munro 
Jo-Ann Flora 

Dogs and 
Fleas 

Editor : 
As a concerned studenl on 

this campus J am writing this 
complaint to anyone who has a 
dog. A dog is supposed to be 
man 's best friend. but the 
saying didn 't state anything 
concerning fleas . I. Deborah 
Ann Richardson. feel that it is 
purely out of lack of home-
training and dog training for 
anyone 10 let his dog run loose 
on this campus and annoy other 
students. 

If you can'l go to school by 
yourself you shouldn 'l be here. 
I think all dog owners who 
bring their dogs to school 
without a leash. without 

If your dog is funky. full of 
fleas and hungry, you should go 
down to the Humane Societv 
and apply for a cage yourself. . 

It is a pity you can't walk 
through this campus without 
stepping in dog shi t. being 
cha rged by dogs and getting 
your food snatched out of your 
hands by Man 's Best Friend . 

Deborab Richardson 
Muir student 

lost & found 
Cl,lntlDued from Page 12 

Lost- l0 speed Campania 
bicycle from 8th floor Tenaya 
Hall. Reward offered-no 
questions. Contact Leslie- 453-
8579. 

Me. E. Solberg 
Ross Clark 
Rene Coppieters 
Bernard Tarnel 
Robert Papin 
William Nagy 
Gall Campbell 
Sanford Scha ne 

The opinions expressed on these pages are those of the 
authors whose names appear in the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. 
Anyone desiring to submit material to be published on 
these pages should send it to the Editorial Director, 
TRITON TIMES, '117 Blake Hall . UCSD. HELP- Three pair contact 

lenses and other miscellaneous 
items stolen from girls' 
bathrooms, 8th floor Tenaya 
Hall. Please return, there are 
three people who need their 
eyesight. Call 453-8579, no 
questions. 

triton times 
Edilor-in·Chief Molly Sel.in 
Manlll", Editor Camy Sherick 
BUlinen Manlier Terry Buak 
Artl Editor Carrie Rieke)' 
PholOllraphy Editor Joe t::aslern 

Ne ... , 0.,.,,"".' 
Joni Garwood 
Ri(k Drom 
NIo'" "'06OOko 
Ko,,"y KI.,010 
k .... in OIIOft 

' ... ' .. '0 ..... " 
"'iI<o S.""o 
MichoelGrH"" A", Depo" ..... , 
"'o,kSi ... 1 
Don S".ll<n, 
Ruth Sil .... "t,om 
10m li.dbe,g 

City Editor 
A_. Cltv Editor 
Copy Editor 
Editorial Director 
Sporu Editor 
Alit. Business Mgr. 

A";'I, 
Cork.., "'. Coco. 
Milt'McKlnney 
l.ono,d Mont.llano 
' .... lKfion 
David auchbind" 
"'ih S.""" 

David Buchbinder 
John Maxwell 

Chuek Graham 
~t.l'k Siellel 

Mike Rath 
1\1 ichBel Greene 

Andy E:tob,ook 
PolSt",y 
Cheryl E IIiolt 

Oo~ et:onon 
Advo"i,i". Dtpo,'",onl 
Bonn .. MoinarlCk 
Gu lil erm ina Velel 

FOU 0 : Tennis Racquet and 
balls on PE field . Call Dennis 
453-1342. 

Monutl H.rnondfl 
Hannah Cohen 
Cepy ...... 
Mk httl GrHne 
Giono Sch,oel9, 

Co<kv "' . Co<o. 
Kathleen Woodward 
Tim HirKh 

Mo,"l ,~o St . ... e Cohen 
_" D_,tment Mark l i\ko Terry Porter 

Lost : 2 keys on keycha i n 
somewhere on Revel le. 
Keychain is silver and has 
Olympic symbol on one side 
and Aztec calendar on the 
other . It has sent imental 
value . Please return to CI I 
Library at desk . 

"'o,k YourIQ 
n. Tlnal IIilIS iI .HicioIIy I ................ -.... ~ .. (~ .. ;.. •• ,. 01 
........ "" II hliloooil, s. .......... HI ...... C ...... l. JoIo. C ..... fit" . 
PwWk .... is twi< • ....., • I"*,, 004 fr"~ OIkn •• Ioc .... io r_ 117 . • I0I0. Moll, 
.......... (_,,, .............. 5). ... 11117; lor .... illo, _ .... l1m 

Fashions by 

118 1e1t8r 10lB 

The Amazing 
Anomaly 

Amorphous 

... for all your 
clothing needs from 
school days to Satur-
day nites. 
Jeans, casual wear, 
& long dresses. 

125 No. Highway 101, 755-3890 

To ... IroIII Lot AnIMa. Ian 'rIIICIIco, 
IIcrllMtltD, Ian ~ Ian Jolt, OIkIantI, 
Hott,lIOad au_It, OntarIo, IIId Long 1INctI. 

Sharing any of PSA·. 180 daily Ilighl, i, a gas. And 
with our low air la,... ftylng PSA i",'t a whole 101 
1lIOI'I expenlivt than hitching. Anyway It·, hard 
tD o-t a rkM on .... runway, So why not Itick 
your ItIUIIIb In !tie phoN IntIMcI, Ind dial us for 
a,...rmion? 

...... ,.. ... 

r· .. :i:AW'·STUDENTS·"ll ~~~ REGISTER NOW FOR THE OCTOBER LSAT REVIEW :j~: 
::: COURSE TO MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT SCORE. Instruction :;:: 
::: •• elulively in •• om taking techniques used successfully :::: 
:::: by California p" •• law students. Taught in Son Diego by ::;: 
::: pt'odicing lawyers. Cost: $75 . :::: 
:::: c.. .. ,., OCTOIII 21 LSaT slarts OCTOII ... FOI :~:' 
::: (OfIPUTI OCTO.. ::: 
::: .FORMATI., CALL TODAY. (213) 655·80.'. :::' 
k.: .. ~:;:::::~·:·:..:;:·:;:····· · :·;"······;·;·;'··;·····.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::: 

Hey, Look! 
NATURAL FOODS 

& 
VITAMINS 

Get Your Favorite 
Snack I tern or 

Bag of NutS-Today 
At The 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

COIIt_Hdon pale 10 L.. _________________ --' 

May 19, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



Our I)d. year oj 
LOW COST FLIGHTS 
fw INdents. bomples: 

IoIlOME SI10.50 
Iol0ND0N SI66'OO~ london·TElAVIV 85.900W 
london-ATHENS 66.300W 
london-NAIROBI. 173.00 0 
................ 

........... 
...... tr.tr...a ... 

~ •• l 'IAVB .11K. 
1213\277._ " 119·3111 

tI1Ss........... "~ 

DR MICHAEl DEAN'S HYP· 
NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con· 
centratian, Educo'ional sug-
gestions , weight reduction, 
stop smllking, relaxation, 
athletics, available at the 
UCSD Baokstore . Also Dr . 
Dean's books, 
Why Do We Jump to Conclu. 
sions?, The Closed Mind, How 
to Lessen Misunderstandings, 
and Understanding and Being 
UnderstoQd. 

Six Weeks of Study 
& FUD in Mexico 

JULY ll-AUG. 20 
Higb Scbool, College Sludeats 

& Teacbers 
Accredited classes in Spanish, 

exican Culture, Art , Music, 
etc . at beautiful Monterry , 

ec. Tuition, board, room, 
laundry and trips-$425. For 
details, contact Dr. Martin, 
Hollywood High School, 1521 
N_ Highland Ave ., 
Hollywood , CA. 90028 

Semeslers Higb Scbool 
Credit 

6 College Credils 

COINI. JNITY 11.000 lANK 
327 F. St"., 

PAYS DONORS 
fo, service 

T"" . . Sot. 
9:&S-S:30 

Clottd Sun. , Moft_ 
ml321 

Once More With Madness 
Tom Lindberg 

Getting to the point and back again is the 
point of the Anomaly Factory's latest 
production, "Amalia, A .. II,I .. lle. AmeIJ...... and an audience predisposed 
with passivity will be hopelessly lost long 
before the point is ever reached. Total 
involvement bas always been a key issue 
with the Factory, and that means working 
with, for and at its public wbicb in their 
evolutionary terms can no longer be called 
spectators. The quest is not disclosed; but 
simply finding the unknown is a challenge, 
and that means groping, stooping, stumbling 
and making many wrong turns in a multi· 
dimensional mind maze that tantalizes the 
body in bearing-defying darkness. 

Working with limited funds, a discarded 
Marine Latrine and an unexplored area of 
live entertainment, the Factory troupe, a 
remarkably innovative crowd that refuses 
stardom, has assembled its resources into a 
versatility of senJe antics. Besides the 
successful productions of Abruas, lYE, 
MNX, and assorted street events the Factory 
also bas to its credit and experience the 
sound reinforcement and those scintillating 
patterns of ligbt that add a vital visual 
dimension to concerts in the all to functional 
gymnasium. 

The Factory bas been at it constantly for 
four years and been consistently good, and 
now the mad pantomimers are at it again 
with "Aml'iq A .. al,lmlle4 Amorphous." 
The challenge will begin Saturday, May ,20, 
and continues May 21, 25, 26, 'll and Jine I, 2 
and 3. II you feel the need to prove your 
worth as an adventurous problem solver, be 
sure to catch the act. See the perils of 
.twisting darkness, the expanse of ecboing 
passageways and dancing panels o[ color, 
and especiaUy see yourself caught in a 
delightful trap. All off stage at the Anomaly 
Factory. 

What began in 1968 as an academic 
approacb tbrougb an improvisational 
workshop to living theater in all its 
absurdities bas grown gloriously out of 
institutionalization to offer the UCSD 
community a uniquely experimental theater 
which now revels not only in living 
absurdities but also in computerized 
techniques of colorful distortions, 
penetrating sounds and very original 
wonderment. 

New York Erotic Films 
Tbe question of censorship 

and the arts is increasingly 
relevant to the campus. The 
producers of the first N.Y. 
Erotic Film Festival 
attempted to deal with the 
problem of eroticism and film . 
The judges for the festival 
included Andy Warhol , Milos 
Forman (the Czech director) 
actress Sylvia Miles. critic and 
author Gore Vidal and radio 
commentator Alex Bennett. 
New line Cinema has selected 
a program of the award 
winning shorts from the 
festival. They include work 
from various sources including 
student films, underground 
films and films from film 
makers working in TV and 
advertising. 

More than a dozen of the 
films in the New York Erotic 
Film Festival will be shown in 
the gym this Saturday evening 
at 7:30 and 10. Admission is SI 
for all UCSD students. Such 
shorts as Deja Vu by Bertram 
Duverl , a film called Quickie, 
tbat was later adapted into 

Kubrick's A Clockwork that illustrates a new way to 
Oraage. and a film called view the common household 
Pla.ger by John Chatterton object. will be shown . 

Come With Me to Del Mar 
On Friday, May 11 . 
just before Mother's Day. 
when the Sun was about to hit 

the Pacific ocean 
and the People were preparcd 

to stop the tanks 
rolling on the rails. 
we called upon Superman : 
Hey. Man' Get out of your 

reporter 's monkey suit and 
fly ! 

You're faster than a speedinj! 
bullet ! 

More powerful than a 
locomotive! 

Etc .. etc" etc' 
Lookey here ! Bob Dylan has 

been looking for the answer 
in the wind. 

Mao -Tse Tun!! know s 
otherwise : 

Political power comes out of 
the b"rrpl of a !{un. 

Pop (gunl. 
So call upon your ancestors 

[rom Krypton : 
We have hidden the j!reen 

kryptonite inside Pandora 's 
Box 

and HOPE is ever dominant. 
Come on out Superma n! 
Huitsilopochtli . of virgin 

birth. will help you at the 
feat 

and all the people from 
UCSD. SDSU. OB. PB. DEL 
MAR. AZTLAN. AFRICA. 
Asians and those that were 

here before Colombo will be 
there 

to STOP Nixon 's War 
Machine. 

There will be people wearing 
Che Guevara shirts there. 

There will be women in the 
Spirit of Diane Ogton there. 

There will be objective 
reporters there. 

(and the Sons of Pancho 
Villa ) 

And the Mavor of Del Mar 
will be there : 

" I just came to drink some 
beer." 

And Me 
and mv literature Professor 

on Machado will be there. 
And . of course. there will be 

bacon for the masses there . 
So won't you please join us' 
Before the Sun decides to take 

a bath 
and drown the endless Sea. 
And the Helicopters will be 

there. 
like in Vietnam. 
Flames will rise aj!ainst the 

SKY 
while the smoke will cover 

everyone. 
There will be oinkers to chase 

my Brothers and Sisters 
there : 

But we will walk into the 
Golden Path 

laid out across the Ocean 

waters 
by the Sun and flee. 
sO won't you please come and 

join us? 
- Quetzalcoyotl l MJH 1 

Page 6 Triton Times May 19, 1972 

Freddie Hubbard: 
flame of spiritual' 

It is difficult to imagine Freddie Hubbard 
once upon a time tediously practicing scales or 
memorizing the works of classical composers 
for a recital. His music could not have been 
entirely hatched from those years laboring 
over a mouthpiece. Of course it takes 
countless hours learning an instrument and 
permitting it to become a part of your mind . 
But only a few have the capacity to integrate 
the mind and instrument so completely that 
when combined with the man and his music . 
they all become extensions upon themselves 
until it is impossible to separate them . What 
neophytes as well as experts on jazz heard at 
tbe concert last Friday night was this 
particular blend of sound and soul that goes 
beyond drill . beyond technique. and to a 
certain extent. beyond pain. 

One wonders exactlv where the music came 
from . His back swayed like a pendulum : 
between straightening and bending his spine. a 
series of notes (how imperfect to impose 
words on sound I more powerful and richer 
than the last reached the audience. It soon 

"It SOOD became clear tbat Mr. 
Hubbard was putting his soul on 
display." 

became clear that Mr. Hubbard was putting 
his soul on display. But the music came not 
from the perfect realms of Heaven or Hell. It 
came expressly from Freddie Hubbard. a 
man. although a man who cannot be imitated 
nor intimidated when it comes to producing 
bis style of spirituality through a brass 
trumpet. 

Each member of the ensemble seemed to be 
inspired by white hot flame. Jr. Cooke. equallv 
brilliant on tbe ~ute and tenor sax. played with 
an ease and poise that belied human toil. Do 
people like tbat even sweat? Alex Blake. a 

y~~tl~ baSSist , literally alternated 
songs of Innocence and 
nobody was going to keep him 

mellow. clashing story. He 
from his base that did not 

at all. but more like a guitar . 

on drums and George Cables on 
out the tight impression the 

While both warrant a 
of their technique and 
that I am totally 

. the visionry created by 
excIting and energetic force 
could convert a nun into a 
ver a. 

responded. The musicians had 
a harmony and 

to the harmony and 
and the people didn't 

miles and appreciative 
to commit the folly of 

what they felt beyond "Oh 
Wow!" . . 

the evening was marred bv a 
nd system - UCSD 's very 

that the bass wasn ;t 
the pianG or the piano 

the drums. The result was 
of the group as an entity 

a system designed to provide 

and energetic voice 
could COD vert a Dun 

level. A dreadful riot was 
when Mr. Hubbard 

to be released album. The 
proceeded to dream of 

to his music on their 
turnl .. lhl ... 

1) What IIDAIlIllop eened u tile facade 
for tile heroic escapades of tile men from 
UNCLE? b) Where wu tile IIbop located? c) 
Give the real and televisioa names of three 
men from UNCLE? Bonus: What do the 
letters UNCLE stand for? 

Z) Matcb the song to the movie : 

1) Sbuffle off to Buffalo 
2) Carioca 
3)Lullaby of Broadway 
4) The Trollery Song 
5) Abba·Dabba·Dabba 
6) We're in the Money 
7) Sbanghai Lil 
8) Let's Go Bavarian 
9) I Cried for You 
10) The Continental 
ll) Remember My Forgotten Man 
12) Honeymoon Hotel 
13) Dancing Cheek to Cheek 

a) Sanford and Son b) Leave it To Beaver 
c) Life of Riley d) Father Knows Best e) 
Donna Reed Show. 

6) Supernatural 

a) Who played Death in Death Takes a 
Holiday 

b) Who played death in on Borrowed 
Time. 

c) Who played tbe angel to David Niven 's 
Bisbop in The Bishop 's Wife? What was the 
angel's name? Who played the wife? 

Bonus: Who played the Bishop's maid 
and the old professor? 

d) Who played the good samaritan in U's 
Wonderful Life? Who played his wife? Who 
played the angel that saved him? 

e) What Russian lady warns her three 
benefactors not to take their ill·fated journey 
in " Beyond Tomorrow? " 

f) Who played the illstarred lovers in 

TRIVIA! 
Movie 

a) Flying Down to Rio 
b) Golddiggers of 1933 
c) Golddiggers of 1935 
d) 42nd Street 
e) Gay Divorcee 
f) Babes in Arms 
g) Top Hat 
b) Dancing Lady 
i) Two Weeks With Love 
j) Meet Me in St. Louis 
k) Footlight Parade 
I ) Lullaby of Broadway 

Bonus: Who sang the 90ng in the film? 
3) Famous Teachers 

a ) Who played Our Miss Brooks? b) Who 
teaches in Room 222? c) Who played Mr. 
Novak? d) Name the two men who played the 
principals in Novak and 222. e) What was 
Miss Brooks favorite students' name? f) 
What other two series did he play in?'Bonus: 
In his second TV series the man who played 
Miss Brooks' favorite pupil had a wife - she 
later went on to yet another series·name it. 

4) Famous Film Heroines·name actress 
and movie)r'bo played : 

a) Eliza Bennett b) Mildred Pierce c ) 
Marjorie Morningstar d) Cleopatra (name 
three) e) Alice Adams f) Jo March (2) g) 
Bathsheba Everdyne h) Bess i) Gilda j) 
Sbeilah Graham k) Stella Dallas. 

5) Fathers and Sons: 
Name tbe actor who played the father 

in : 

Peter Ibbetson'! What was the llhOsyncnsy 
that enabled Peter to recognize Mimsy? 

g) Who played the title rol& in 
"Supernatural"? 

7) Who played a desirable bachelor whose 
last name was Valentine? Who played his 
butler? b) Name the star of " Bachelor 
Father," his Niece Kelly and their houseboy. 

8) Who played the Gold Hat in Treasure of 
the Sierra Madre? 

9) What was the name of Mr. Spock 's 
father ? . 

10) Who wrote tbe screenplays for : 
a) A yank at Oxford b) Pride and 

Prejudice c) My Foolish Heart d ) To Have 
and Have not e ) Portnoy 's Complaint? 

11 ) What television show could have 
conceivably been called My Three Cbimps? 
Who played the chimps? Who were the stars? 

12) Remakes 
a) These Three was the adapted 

screenplay of what later movie? Who starred 
in These Three? Who in later version? Who 
wrote the play? What was the difference 
between the two versions? 

b) Red Dust was later made in to what 
movie? Name the stars of eacb film? 

c) Dark Victory was remade in to what 
film? Name the stars of each film. 

d) The Women was remade in to what 
film? 

e) Who starred in the original King and I 
- what was it called? 

TRIVIA ANSWERS on Page 10 

The Paradox of Peace 

..................... 
_ .......... 
........... ,.. ..... 

Or1r..., .......... 1 
....................... 
....... In ...... . 
...... -_ ...... .. 
... 

..... _ ............ rIIN! 

.................. 

.. ~ ....... 
w. asal, • ., ........ 
".,11'" .......... ...., 

.................... 
-.ers .. 
Or ........... _ ....... 
................ 1 

.. .............. .... 

.......... 
Or ................ ... 
............. ...., 

.. ............... ... 

... ............. t1I •• 

.... ., .......... .., •. 

...... .., ...... .... 

ORGANIC 
STRA WBERRIES 

The Vegetable Shop 
East OD Via De La Valle OD tbe 

Way to Rancbo Santa Fe 

OPEN: SUD.·Fri, 10 to 4 Sat. 10: 30 to 12 

944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 
GREAT OLD MOVIES 

WTNlGHT 
NOWSHOWING 

..... 3353 

PICfURE of DORIAN GREY 
George Sanders Huro Hatf ield 

7 & It 
CO-HIT 

DINNERAT8 
Jean Harlow John Barrymore 

9 :00 
STAATS SAT. S3/t. 

ADVENTURE of 
robin bood (1938) 

Errol Flynn Ol ivia DeHav ili and 
7 & It 

CO·HIT 
ARSENIC and OLD LACE 

Cary Grant Peter Lorre 

M Th 9:00 on.. un. 1 & 9 Fri. & Sot. 7,9, & , 1:00 
SUNDAY MATINEE 3:00 & 5:00 Eve. 1& 9 Adm, $1.5G 

CASSIUS CARTER 

... !1iHE 
OLD GLOBE 

May 19, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



Track athletes prepare 
for District III finals 

The track season has come to a slow and 
laborious halt for most members of the Triton 
track team. "thinclads " as they are 
af(ectionately known. However. (or some. 
there is still one more meet. perhaps the most 
important as far as the individual is 
concerned. 

The NAIA District III Track and Field 
Championships will be held this Friday and 
Saturday, May 19 and 20. at Balboa Stadium. 
There will be a small contingent of UCSD 
track stars. led by Tom Philp. goi ng to the 
meet. Tom has run consistently in all sprint 
events and has also performed in the pole 
vault. Philp. a sophomore transfer from the 
U.S. Naval Academy. has run the 12o-yard 
high hurdles in 15.1 and the 440 yard 
intermediate hurdles in 56 flat. 

For those lucky team members who g~ . 

there will be quite a show put on by some of 
the NA1A 's best talent. For example. 
Westmont College is sending Jean-Louis 
Ravelomanantsoa. who has a best time of 9.3 
in the lOG-yard dash . Or consider Biola 's Musa 
Dogonyara . who is the defending champion in 
the half-mile with a time of 1 :50.4. USIV. not 
to be left out, is sending Jeff Matthews. 
previous winner of the 3.000 and 10,OOO-meter 
steeplechase last year . 

Top team contenders are expected to be 
USIU. Occidental , and Westmont College. The 
competition will be hot and heavy between 
these three teams tor the District III crown. 

The meet is co-sponsored by UCSD and 
USIU and is headed by Howard Hunt. UCSD 
athletic director. and Jim Crakes. USIU track 
coach. The meet will start at 7 p.m. on Friday. 
and 5 p.m. on Saturday. Tickets are only $1. 

Po Oll EROS 

LA JOLlA-yrv C -
LJNIVER)ITY CHORUS 

r, 'rf: AOf'll')~lr N FR f!' ADMI S510N 

Page 8 Triton Times May 19, 1972 

Golf team places second 
in district tournament 

Mark Liska 
The swimming pools and the 9O-degr~ heat scoring instead of many low and many high 

must have had a positive effect on the UCSD ~res. The lowest score was a lS2 and the 
golf team, who were spurred on by the fine highest 163. Low scorers for UCSD. John 
scores of John Murphy and Mike Wydras to MlIJ1Ibyand Mike Wydra. 152 each for 36 holes. 
take second place out of 12 teams at the NAIA were good enough to receive Honorable 
District III golf championships. Mention All-District honors. George Clarke 

As mentioned, the tourney was held last ~ a g~ 154i while ~y Gerrity and Dan 
Friday in beautiful Palm Springs at the CISInOwsiu shot 158 each. John Folchi finished 
Canyon Country Club. USIU came in first with oot the team with a 163 total to make UCSD's 
a team score of 59l. and the Tritons placed grand total 618. 
second with a team score of 618. Other teams All in all. it was a very successful outing for 
doing well were Occidental. Claremont. and !he ~oU team and the season was truly finished 
Redlands. UCSD was paced by balanced low In wlDDlng style. 

Soccer team comes to 
RObertva~~~ of long hard road 

The UCSD soccer team 
finished its spring season 
Wednesday at Mesa College. I 
won 't bore you with the sordid 
details . except we lost. 

This team has posted the best 
overall record for any UCSD 
soccer team since ttie sport 
began here (our years ago. The 
Booters were in a sense .500 for 
the season as they posted fi ve 
wins and two ties. and suffered 
seven defeats. Taking losses 
against non-losses. the Tritons 
came out even. Offensively the 
Kickers scored 28 goals for a 
2.0 goals-per-game average. 
However. they gave up 34 
scores for a 2.4 goals-against-
average. 

The team scoring lead was 
held by the two inside 
(or wards. Paul Kohne and 
Steve Reid. Each of them 
scored seven goals. Following 
them are halfbacks Stewart 
Hayes and Jorge Rivas with 
(our goals apiece. Carlos 

Robles was next with two Sooters rank third or fourth in 
goals . and Chuck Liebow. team defense. UCSD suffered 
Manuel Diaz. Jorge Guerrero. several one-goal losses earlv in 
and Francisco Luna each the season before the offense 
scored a goal for the Tritons. got it together . Fullbacks Jorge 
This is quite a bit more offense Guerrero. Ray Carillo. Hugo 
than the Tritons have had in Flores. Carlos Robles and 
past seasons. Mark Schneider were very 

Overall the team had a sound dependable most of the time. a's 
defense. In the lea!!Ue the they made sure tackles and 

Coat_lied H Pqe I 

Female netters end 
Cheryl Elliot 

Last wee~end t~e . womens' intercollegiate tennis season 
came to a dlsappomtlDg close as the girls were turned away 
from the NAI~ championship tournament on the first dav. . 

Each team m the league was allow~ to enter four singles 
and three doubles teams WIth one pomt being given to each 
match won. UCSD's main problem was getting a team 
together. as only six players filled the 10 open spots; Mother's 
Day drew more of the team than the tournament . 

Judy Abrams led the singles entries. but UCSD's luck was 
~d here in that Judy had to play Bess Hagey. the eventual 
wmner of the ~ournament. in the second round'. lOSing 8-4 in a 
pro set. JackIe Russum. the only other singles entry. was 

eo.tI •• ed o. Pel . 

If the Clean Environment Act 
had fina __ cial backing like this, 
we wouldn't be asking you 

to volunteer. 
__ rtoo . 

..... 011 
"no 011 c.. (-...., of -.. 'odllc) ",DOI 

H.OIO T,.eeo 
QuIt 

Dol ...... 
-.CoIIomIoEcJj_ 
, .. 11. 0.. .... r_ 
GtMrel Electric 
.ftII.....-1_.,_-

\\, ith ~nll'ibutio~s such as the"". the big polluters 
and the". aliles hal'e , .. ,.ed ~~ l.fiOO S() far to fi nanco 
their cam p.a ign against the Clean Environment Act 
Proposition g •• So the)' ean alTo"lplent)' of , .. dio .~d TV 
11111(', newspal>€J' and lIlagazine spaCt', bi ll bo8l'ds and 
II1ASS maili ngs to get thei r message out. 

Unfol'tunatPI),. nobo<ly's showering that kind of 
m?~rl' on. tho P''''pl. fo,' tit<: Clean £nl'i,,,nnwnt Act. 
" e ,.~ 1'81 SC·d .. li6l~j{J so fn.r, rl''(Jlll I1lnl ~ than j f,..,O small 
contl'lbutoJ"s , Ancll~llIch {Jr that I1lf)nl'Y has al l1-' ally 
g'\Jnt' ou t for things hke- I'rnt, tt lt'phhn(·s, papif: r, t' le. 

So if :' ~'1'tl g~in~ to gl't OU I' 11l('s.~agt: out, It'!, largely 
lip to you. \\ {. 1'1 ' pnntlnK up hundl'Nls of tmHlsa nds of 
If'aHHb i!,=plain ing thr rlpan F:nr il'fmnH.'nt Art, and if 

• • ....... . Zl,0II 

Zl,DOO 

• .... ... . Zl,DOI 

• . .. •.• 20,011 

• .. "'" Zl,DOI 

ZI,. 

... 

you'll help us dish'ihute the", til tit<: hom,'lI, s/ooPlli ng 
centers, beach .. and gtrt .. t corn.", of Cal ifornia we know 
the Clean £O\'iron",ont Art will I)'SS. In faet. a ;11assil'e 
pe rso?al contact ca"'paign would actually be more 
etrectl\'c than a mass ire Illedia ratnpa ign. (JU)lt ask Genu 
McCarthy what it did fo,' him in 1968.) 

So, t~J rJaraphl" '" Juhn Kennl.ly. you know what 
the Cle~n Ennl'tmlllcnt Act can do ( 01' y fJU ; what will gon 
(k) (01' It ? Please call now tu ' ·o)unu.'tl·, en" ir you fl"Cl 
you won't be ahlc to "'""k for th,' campaign until aftcr 
U BII1S. We must know hrJw many rol unu .... ' 'S well han so 
we can organize thl' 1(·aRt·tlng. 

Call Stne H.l'~ 2&I.ooC1l 
'''''~N' Itll~' rl' I,' Ul"' .... ll'ltf-"nt r ll.lil,.'r .• lll"l .. ilh SI.I' " 
AU", ,,,) (i. " , r. I·~ ..w ••• AfJ r,I.'I.lh I !71h 

Vote yes on Prop. 9, June 6th 
P~. tor 'hi Ct.." I!nYlronment Act 
a~ .;6 II". OIYIPJlie llhd .• u.. "ngd, . • (tl!l ) 7!U-8!12 1 

hi 1\. .... , .. I.I'. ' .... t .. ,. 'I ., .. ~ ,.. t ""'''''' Tn •• u" r 

our San Fran .. ",., ',ffiC(' 771.7:l71J 

Soccer ... 
~"""I 
then moved the ball quic;ldy up 
the offense. They were backed 
up by goalkeeper Robert Van 
Yalin. Two Tritons who didn't 
score but made outstanding 
contributions to the team were 
Bob Cae and Tony Yalladolid. 

All in all it was a good season 
for the Tritons. as they greatly 
improved upon their past ~wo 4-
9 Fall campaigns and last 
spring's 2-10-2 record. Most of 
the team has played their last 
game in a UCSD uniform. but 
those who remain will 
hopefully form the nucleus for 
next years ' fall intercollegiate 
squad. 

Tennis ... 
forced to de(ault her first round 
match because of a test. but 
then came back to win a couple 
of rounds o( consolation. In the 
doubles Missy O'Flaherty. 
without her usually sideltick (or 
sideaches? ! ) Kelly Magee. 
played with Irene Allen. They 
got to the third round. losing to 
a team from Palomar in a 
tough three-set match. Mary 
Means and Marilyn Wilder lost 
in the ' second round to a good 
team from USIU. 8-6. 

Chris Mattson. the coach (or 
the team. was disappointed at 
many of the girls' previous 
commitments that kept them 
from partic;ipating. as she felt 
we could possibly have won the 
tournament .. 

Overall the team was second 
in the league with a 5-2 record. 
with San Diego State first 

The two losses suffered by 
the team were disappointing in 
that one was at the hands of a 
team they had beaten twice and 
the other a slaughter. No one 
felt bad last night. though. at 
the turkey dinner held at coach 
Chris ' house . 

From the folks that 
brought you ... 

Mark Schneiaer 
As bueball draws slowly to a close and finals draw rapidly 

nearer, activity for intramural jocks seems to be revolving 
more arounri the library than around the gym. But, do not 
despair, ye of little faith, the I.M. department hasn 't given up 
yet. Coed innertube water polo is still going strong, in fact its 
going stroqer than ever. Now that the pressure of the 
toomament is off, all the teams are concentrating on only one 
thing; having a good time. 

Wednesday night's game between the UDderwater 
CMapIIIotl and the Gnalll)' GnaDIoDI' was a classic example. 
Admittedly, certain blond, bluHyed members o( Liska 's 
offensive unit were a little gung-ho, but the rest of the team 
made up for it by concentrating more on (alling out of ~heir 
inner tubes (and dumping opponents) than on scoring. As the 
final duck call blew, with the referee trying in vain to get out of 
the water and restore order , not one person asked what the 
score was ; they were all too interested in the tube throwing 
contest going on in the shallow end. 

For the rest of you creatures who don 't have gills and fins , 
but still like to have fun in intramurals. the Intramural 
Department is still cooking. This Sunday, atll a.m. out on the 
baseball field, the First Annual Sonny Williams Invitational 
Croquet Tournament will be held . The tournament is (or mixed 
doubles , and today is the last day to sign up ill the Intramural 
Office. If that isn't enough to keep you away from the books, 
there will be a mixed doubles golf tournament Monday, May 22. 
at 4 p.m. out at Torrey Pines. And if that isn't enough ... there 
will be a surfing contest soon. Sign-ups (or this little fiasco (or 
those interested will be in the same place as all the other sign-
up spots, the Intramural Office . 

Just to insure that none of you return to the books after all 
those delightful study breaks, the people who brought you coed 
soccer, now bring you the final bash of the season! On 
Saturday, June 3, down on Black 's Beach, there will be an 
intramural party (or aLI you studious jocks ... everyone is 
welcome down on the beach at high noon , but please don't 
forget to bring a quarter (or more ) to finance the gourmet 
food . 

Of course, (or the more avant garde type of intramural jock. 
there will be a fencing tournament this Monday, May 22 from 
two to five in the afternoon. So all you budding D' Artagnans. 
Scaramouches, Zorros or just Errol Flynns, if you 're 
interested in showing off your swordsmanship, contact the 
fencing coach (that's Coach White, for those that haven 't been 
reading this page very o(ten ) as soon as possible in the 
Physical Education offices; or call X2275. 

BODY KOVERS 
t'" "st s •• di •• i. N •• c •• " 

YOU GET IT BETl'ER AT THE WHERE HOUSE 

ALVIN LEE 'COMPANY DAN BICIS , HIS IlOl' 
CREEDENCENCE CLEAR- ~UIUdi 
WATER Bal'TVNA 
..... G,... .... en 
DAVID CROSBY'GRABAM NASH UNNYLOGGINS 
ROBERTA rLAC~ , DONNY 
HATHAWAY 

WItII J .. Men'" Sin.' Ia 
FLEETWOOD MAC 
IueTrftl 

uy otben 4.18 or 5.18 mfg List 
album m stock-melading Procol Harum 
NeD Youg-Paal SImOD-Humble Ple-etc. 

CLASSICAL BONANZA EVERY: 
RCA RED SEAL * MERCURY OR PHILIPS IM-
PORT CLASSIC * LONDON * ARGO * 
TELEFUNKEN * L'OISSEAU 

ALL DGG 3.84 Per Disc 

EACH 

19 

99 

DAVID CROSBY" GRAHAM NASH ]99 
TA P E ROBERTA FLACK" D?NNY HOTTUNA HATHAWAY kcen FLEETWOOD MAC GORDON LIGHTFOOT 

Bare TrftI 0. QIIb:ote each 
I AND ... EVERY OTHER 6.98TAPE 4.44\ 

NO LIMIT ... BUY ALL YOU WANT- \\ J'lll 1111' \IICI\U 

. @ WliEREli()!!S1~ 
Records • Tapes · 

PACIFIC BEACH 
1414G .... 1 
%73-955% 

SAN DIEGO CHULA VISTA ELCAJON 
171netder Partway 

W5EICajee tIi rlfR Ave. p ~ w. y P\o.u Sloop_ CTR 
%87-5104 4%%-9514 4«-9973 

2165 Avenida De La Playa 
La Jolla 

5 Minute Walk From Scripps 
Across from the Rheinlander 

Mon-Fri 
Sat. 
Sun. 

9:00-7:00 
9:00-5:30 

11:00- 5:00 

AS FLICKS 
Note: "Morgan" & "Ballad for a Soldier" (Scbeduled 

5/zt) have beea cocelled . 

CHEESE SHOP SANDWICHES 
ARE BETTER! ! ! 

friday 5/19 
ON.ANY 
SUNDAY 

7:30 & 10:30 USB 2722 
saturday 5/20 

BEST of N.Y.'s 
EROTIC FILM 

FESTIVAL 
7:30& 10:30 51 UCSDGym 

reshowing sunday 5/21 of: 
ON ANY SUNDAY 

7:3Oonly USB 2722 

IIlsoattheCOFFEE HUT: 
Spaghetti Special $1. OS 

includes salld 
& bread 

Get your next sandwich from the NEW Cheese Shop 
- Right across the street from the Rheinlander 

Restaurant-2165 A venida De La Playa 
• More Meat and Cheese • 

Meat Sandwiches Less Bread Cheese Sandwiches 
MiDl-9t¢ 
Maxi-i.39 

Corned Beef 
Chicago Bologna 
Hot Salami 
Italian Salami 
Baked Ham 
Ham Salad 

MiDi-8t¢ 
Mui-U' 

Muenster 
Jarlesberg 
Sharp Cheddar 
Imported Swiss 
Monterey Jack 
Longhorn 

Pastrami 
Lebanon Bologna 
Summer Sausage 
Tuna Salad 
Roast Beef 
Chicken Salad 

German Braunschweiger Brick 
Any Sandwich Served Hot, No Extra Cost 

I r--~--A so I Free l/.t Lb. of Cole Slaw 
Beer Wine I with &Df SaDdwicll ad 

. p thiS COB,. Milk 0 Offer ex ires 1'1/7% 
IMy 19, 1912 Triton Times pege 9 



Answers 
1) a) ~ FIaria·. CleaDen. b) Somewhere in the eut 

ejpties. r.) IjeoG. CanoIHIr. Waverly. David McCallum-mya 
DIir1alda Ilobert V ..... Napoleoll Solo. Bonus:UDited 
Network C«naaaad for Law and Enf~t. 

I) ld. Ia. U or 31:. tJ. Si, Ib, Tk, Ib, If, lOe, lib, 12k, 131. 
BoIIus: 1 : Ruby Keeler, 2:Carmen M:randa aad Xavier Cueat, 
S:Doria Day iD Lu1labyof Broadway, IIIIknown chorus girl iD 
GoIddIaen, t: Judy GarlaDd, 5: Debbie Reynolds and Jane 
Powen, I : Giapr Roten, Joan BloodeD aad Aline MacMaboII, 
7: Jimmy Capey to Ruby Keeler, 8: Joan Crawford and Freel 
Astaire, i: Judy GarlaDe! 10 Mickey Rooney (on a train bound 
to Schenectady) 10: Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, II: 
Joan Blondell, 12: Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler 13: Fred and 
Ginger. 

S) a:Eve Arden b) Lloyd Haines c: James Franeiscus. d: 
..,. Michael Constantine (m) and Dean Jagger (Novak.) e) 

Walter Denton - played by Richard Creana. f) Real McCoy's 
and Slattery's People. Bonus : Kathy Nolan in Broadside. 

'< 

4) a ) Greer Garson-Pride and Prejustice b) Joan Crawford 
c) Natalie Wood d) Tbeda Bara-Claudette Colbert-Elizabeth 
Taylor f) E( Katharine Hepburn f) Katharine Hepburn and 
June Allyson-Little Women g) Julie Christie-Far From Tbe 
Madding Crowd- h) Dorotby Dandridge - Porgy and Bess- i) 
Rita Haywortb j) Deborah Kerr-Beloved Infidel k) Barbara 
Stanwyck. 

5) a) Red FOD, b) Hugb Beaumont, c) William Benda, d) 
Robert Younge) Carl Beu. 

na) Fredric March, b) Alistair Sims, c) Cary Grant played 
Dudley the angel - Loretta Young played the wile. Bonus: the 
maid : Elsa Lanchester tbeproCessor: Monty Wooley. d) James 
Stewart. Donna Reed, Cecil Kellaway. e ) Maria 

UCSD and Dissent. 
-a_11M 'l''0III PIle 5 

~sa.nds Oeeing the Cigbting in Vietnam are Oeeing north to 
tbe~r liberators, and not soutb to their oppressors. Convince the 
voting people that Vietnam is one country just like Germany, 
and that we would equally support an invasion by West 
Germany to "Cree" the East GermallS. because "one can't 

inva~ one's own ~ountry." Finally, convince them that only 
our Side IS spreading destruction. Our bullets and bombs kill 
people; the.ir tanks and howitzers spray freedom and justice. 
their plasbc bombs in the cities don 't burt civilians. In short 
they're all good and we're all evil. It 's black or white. Either: 
or. Pathetically childish. 

UHilesttcl ReprI!&atiOll 
In our violent reaction to the shocking discovery that our 
gov~mment IS lIke all governments, and that it engages in the 
tacllcal use oC propaganda. selective truths and omissions we 
brand it as a liar. and we turn and swallow Hanoi's propag~nda 
whole to fill our empty minds . That's what's dominating the 
campus today : undIgested ' regurgitations of Hanoi 's 

propaga~. Undige~ted becau~ it's undigestible. It's 
sloganeenng. It doesn t say anythmg. It may work on children 
who are a summer out of high school. but it will not impress the 
mature voter who has seen decades oC sloganeering come and 
go. who has seen governments manipulating and maneuvering 
through several wars. and whose Innocent idealism is not 
shaken ~y the knowledge that his government is pragmatic. 
And he IS the one we need to reach. We can 't do it unless we 
ourselves are able to discuss the is.~lles rationallv . to realize 
that there is more than one side to the issue, ' to listen to 
opposing viewpoints without shouting them down . When we 
shout we force them to shout and we wind up talking to 
ourselves. 

A personal note : I am opposed to our involvement in the war 
I think our policy in 1954·56 was tragically wrong. I think w~ 
should get out as quickly as possible. But it doesn 't follow that 
Hanoi is completely right. or completely blameless in the 
present holocaust. It is not clear that they have an.v greater 
~Ialm on Annam and Cochin than has Saigon. and the war may 
lust not be as si~ple a~ Creedom fighters against oppressors. 
These thmgs aren t obvIOUS enC'llgh to be Cairly represented bv 
a slogan. . 

We have become skeptical about our government. That's 
good to a POIDt. But leI's be skeptical about Hanoi too. and 
about our mob leaders who would guide our labile minds. Let's 
allow some dissent within the dissent to be heard above the 
hysterics. Lately we've been sou nding a little stupid . 

~ •......•.......• 
• PREPARATION FO~ SUMMER • 

: LSAT • 
• • 
• NOW ENROLlINC • 
• • :: ::::~:,;O~c~:~ '"u,.O '0' •• m,,,,on 10 • 

• • f"r.~,0f'I ( Our~M 5m'IItr qroup\ e e • 'f"...., I~CI I4IOtt [~,on~ lor 'tv tw 
• : :~·"~',,~::~::;.::'~::~~,::::'::p.,,'n .. ,n ""0 • 
• STANLEY H KAPLAN ~ : ~ , • EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ 5,ocol938 • 
• IN SAN DIEGO AAEA (714) 274-9630 • 
~ ................ ~ 

OalteDlpeDlkyya, f) Gary Cooper ... .- IIardiIIt-PeIer bid 
tile IeIIdeaey to \lie his thumb to accentute .... t be was 
uJiDI,') CuoIe Lombard. 

7) TOllY FraDeiola, Jack Soo b) John Forsytbe, Noreen 
Corcor .... SIIIunee Tong. 

I) AIpbouo Bedoya 
II)Sarek 
10) a) F. lbltt Fitzprald, b) Aldous Huxley, c) J.D. saun,er 

d) William Faulkner e) Eraest LeIunan. 
11) 1be Hatbaways - Peggy Cass aad Jack Weston-The 

Marquis Chimps. _ 
12) a) 'I1Ie Children's Hour - Miriam Hopkins-Merler 
~ron~oel M.cRea ... Lillian Hellman - Audrey Hepburn, 
Sbirley MacLaine, James Gamer. In tbeIe Three the girls 
were accused of both Cooling around with the same man 
whereas in the ChiJdreo's Hour they Were accused oi 
lesbianism b) Mogambo - Jean Harlow, Clark 
Gable and Myrnaloy In Mogambo: Ava Gardner, Grace Kelly, 
aad Clark Gable. c) Stolen Hours - Bette Davis starred in 
Dark Victory, Susan Hayward in Stolen Hours ... d) The 
Opposite Sex. e) AMa and the King of Siam ... Irene Dunne 
and Rex Harrison. 

SUMMER MUSIC SPECTACULAR! 

B. B. KING 
and 

Special Guest Stars 

ELCHICANO 
OHIOPUYERS 

FRIDAY 7 , 10:30 JUIE 2 
SAl DIEGO COLISEUM 

1485 "E" Street 
Tickets: $4 (advance) $5 (at door) 

Phone: 232-4735 

USE ••• 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Serving the financial needs of UCSD La loll", C",mpus-
510 - POINT LOMA and the SAN YSIDRO HEALTH 
CLINIC personnel. 

Your Credit Union provides a broad scope of financial 
services designed exclusively to benefit the particu~r 
needs of academic and staff members. Office hours are 
from 10 AM to 6 PM daily except on universal holidays. 

• LOW INTEREST LOANS 
• S Yl'lo PAID ON SHARES· 
• LOAN PROTECTION INSURANCE 
• PHONE WITHDRAWAL SERVICE 

·Paid last dividend period 

UNIVERSITY & STAn EMPLOYEES CIfIIT 111I0Il 
Of SAl DllGO 

SS5S Mildred St., San Diego 92110 Phone 297-1838 
Each Member Account Insured to 520.000 by NCUA 

At last. ' 
A biRe bag that 

will probably outlast 
yourbme. 

We feel this is the sturdiest 
bike bag ever offered. 
It's made of water repellent 
DuPont" Nylon, with extra wide 
shoulder straps, waist band, 
a two way nylon zippered top 
pouch, plus an extra zippered 
side pouch. 
This bag is perfect for the 
day hiker or bike rider. It's size 
is fifteen inches high, twelve 
and a half inches wide, and 
five inches deep . 
Olympia Beer is offering this 
bag for 57.50. 

:. Enclose check 01 money order made pIV· 
. able 10 OLYMPIA BREWING CO cash can 

nOI be accepted Return Ihe completed 
lo,m and chec~ 10 The Gil. ShOP. OLYMPIA 

: BREWING CO. POBOX 947. Olymp, •• 
Washington 98507 

PLEASE PRINT PLAINLY 

(F"ot Name) tL1S1 Name' 
(51, ••• Add, ... ) 

(City) 

--(SlIte) (ZID COO.) 
Indlcale thole. ot color Blut or Orange 

VISitor. ere tlW8VS welcome lIthe Olympia Brew ing Company Tumwlter, WI, "' lnglon, II 10 • 30 everyd.y ·Oly· •.••..••. .• . UCS,? ' 2 • 

Page10TritonTimes~ay 1~ 1972 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

r Help wanted I 
Jim Sebek and Michael 

Brown were arrested Friday, 
May 12 at 7: 30 p.m. on 15th 
Street , half a block east oC U.S. 
101. Jim is 6'0". 175 Ibs .. 10llg 
brown hair and beard. Michael 
is 5'7", 145 Ibs .. black hair and 
beard. We ask all witnesses to 
these two arrests to please call 

The 
Amazing 

Amalgamated 
Amorphus 

. 

This Sat.-Sun. 
from BP.M. 

at 
The Anomaly Factory 

On behalf of myself and 
the staff of the UCSD 
food service, we would 
like to thank the stu-
dents, staff, and faculty 
for the support you have 
given us at the s~ places 
during the past year. 

Holly Holmes 
Food Service Coordinator 

HOURS FOR THE 
HOLIDAY WEEKEND: 

Coffee Hut 
Sat., May 27 ........... 11am-lOpm 
Sun., May 28 ........... 11am-lOpm 
Mon., May 29 .......... 11am-lOpm 

Muir 
Sat., May 27 .................. closed 
Sun., May 28 .................. closed 
Mon., May 29 ... open lOam-8pm 

Everything else will 
be (Iosed. 

Watch for 
Tuesdays and Thursday 
Teriyaki Steak 

*Special* 
at the Coffee Hut 

$1.25 includes 
salad & choice of 

fried rice or 
french fries 

Graduation 
Arrangements are being 

made to accommodate an 
expected gathering of nearly 
4,000 guests at the Spring. 1972. 
UCSD graduation ceremonies 
scheduled Cor 1 p.m. Sunday . 
June 11. on the soccer field 
west of the Gymnasium. 

oC Dr. William D. McElrov as 
the fourth Chancellor of UCSD. 
will Coli ow the semi-Cormal 
style tbat has become tradition 
over the past few years on the 
campus . 

Graduation announcements 
will be available in the 
Bookstore beginning Monday. 
May 15. 

party. Candidates will sit in the 
audience with friends and 
Camilies. and as in the past. 
will be called forward by 
college to be individually 
greeted by the Chancellor and 
Provost. 

Again this year. no Cormal 
entrance march or seating 
arrangements are scheduled 
other than for the official 

The ceremonies , to be 
coupled with the inauguration 

TICKETS 

As in past years. the wearing 
of caps and gowns by the 
candidates is optional. One 
convenient change this year is 
the Cact that caps and gowns 
will be available in the UCSD 

avallable at Bookstore on the Matthews 
campus three weeks prior to 

the Urey Hall the ceremonies. Thev may be 
Box Office aad fitted and picked up at any time 

aUhe Door. during that period . 

~tl;::--l 
OF LA .IeLLA i flFINE .. I 

SELECTION . . '! i 
OF CHEESES i I From around the world. ! 

! 7523·A Fay Ave" La Jolla ! I (on Drury Lane PlaIa) 454·5384 I 
iillllWllIlIllllllI\llUIIlIIIIIUJMM'""""'UMII'llwIIIIIIIEII1I"_ •• ; 

$1"-45=' ~;~~· ~~~~·~i_~~ta~~ti~; Where-Am-I-GOing-To-Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upsta irs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is thai what's troubling you , Bunky? 
WEll, STEP RIGHT UP SON. GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LImE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you 're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you're 

IWOcan 
liVe 
as 
cheaplY 
as 

• 

AIR WAR VOTE 
Present pellllon must have precInct numbers added and be 

handed m to RegIstrar of Voters on May 23 ,Tuesday Stili 
time to petlilon ';e.,., supplemental pelltlons .,.,,11 be ava,lable 
after May 2~ We stili need lots of help organIzIng for the 
supptemental petlilons and addmg precInct number 

We are 1111 very short of money It you can help leave 
donation at AIR WAR \'OTE table or send to ",W\, P 0 B<>x 
4456. La Jolla. Ca 92tl37 

PETITIONS CA~ BE RETURNED 
TO 240 BLAKE OVER WEEKEND 

Wallt 10 ,el your ,ap togetber. VIET :">AM- I954 to present 
HIStory 01 U.S mvolvemen!. t;SB 2722. :.Jonda). Md) 22 b) 
John Leonard. lJC'O HIstory Dept 

HELP WANTED 
PrecillctiDg: Man)' people needed '0 add precmct numbers to 
pelltlons Drop b) Blake Coni Room 12·, 7·9 pm Fnda) to 
Monday. or call Ken. 7,;"89<17 
CommuDlty Cutt, CoordiDators: 00 you hve som ... here not 
covered by AIR WAR VOTE and wllhng to estabhsh center 
and /or transport petltons tWIce a week ' Revelle Table 
MIscellaneous tasks of makmg posters. typmg. or an)thlng else 
you can do to help Revelle table 
Public Opi.iOll Resurcb Coordinator To deSIgn expenment 
and coord mate the measure elleet 01 chaIn pelltlonmg In a 
communny Would make good term paper If not theSIS Re"elie 
table 
Peopte to keep MUIr and Revelle Tables open SIgn up tor hours 
at t .. bles 
Peopte to Jom groups to chatn petlllonmg In nearby commUni' 
ties Leave phone number at any table 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... like fully built-in kitchens, 
terrific bedrooms , carpeting , drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And, perhaps 
best of all , all of this is less than fi~e minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one ... and after all, 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

1or_._ioII,CaII UCIO ,.,...nlel- fiord ., ........ el (714' UW141 . 

May 19, 1972 Triton Times Page 11 



.. 

(' I 

-announcements---------------IIIIIIIII.. 
friday 

Rabbi Joel Gore of Temple 
Beth Israel wi11lead a creative 
service and join in the singing 
and dancing this week at Cafe 
Ha'am. Bring salad or dessert. 
Muir TV Lounge, 6 p.m. 

Please note room change 
Teacher Preparation Program 
meeting will be held in room 2A 
2402, Muir, between 1:30 and 
3:30, today. This meeting 
provides an opportunity to 
meet with Dr. Hugh Mehan, 
from Indiana University, who 
has been selected as director of 
the teacher preparation 
program to start here next 
Fall . All interested students 
and faculty are welcome. 

Who controls the media? 
Herbert Sch i ller talks, 
Reve"e Plaza, 12 noon 
Friday. Who pays for the 
news on Vietnam? 

saturday 
Conference on alternative ele-
mentary and secondary edu-
cation at UCI today 9-4. For 
more information or trans-
por tation check students 
educational lounge and 
development center. Lower 
Muir Commons X2516. 

Preci nct w or ke r s f or 
George McGove rn are 
desperately needed. Meet 
at 9 a.m. in Lower Blake 
Lounge. Coffee and donuts 
wi" be served and rides w i" 
be arranged . 

sunday 
Reminder for the SOFA 10 mile 
walk for Brotherhood, regis-
tration 8:30-l. 7517 Curvier St. 
Sponsors and walkers still 
needed. Contact SOFA office 
459-0272. 

Services at University 
Lutheran Church : 8:30 a.m. -
Catholic mass ; 10 a.m. -
Lutheran service (Rejoice Folk 
Mass ); 5 p.m. - Catholic 
mass. Located at 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, right across the 
street from the Urey Hall 
Parking lot at UCSD. 

John Baer will perform a 
concert of chamber music for 
I, 2, and 3 players; Mozart trio 
no. 8 in D minor ; Debussy cello 
sonata, solo piano music & trio 
(1964 ) by Henry Cowell . 8:30, 
May 21 , 1972, in 409 Matthews 
Campus. Free. Refreshments . 

monday 
" VIET AM - History of a 
people and a war ." Lecture 7-10 
p.m. USB 2722. The community 
is the discussion section. Spon-
sored by AIR WAR VOTE. All 
welcome. 

tuesday 
ATTE TIO LANGUAGE 
STUDENTS! An informal 
evening with Dr. Sanford 
Schane, acting head of the 
basic language program, to dis-

cuss the pros and cons of the 
BLP and proficiency exams. 
May 23, 7:30 p.m. Revelle 
.Informal Lounge. Punch and 
cookies (and coffee!) will be 
served. Sponsored by the 
Revelle Guest-In-Residence 
committee. 

" If we want to end the war, we 
must defeat Nixon and get new 
leadership." Declare your 
support now for Senator 
McGovern ; contact Hank 
Steiman, 453-7393, and walk a 
precinct for McGovern. 

If you are AIR WAR VOTE 
petitioning over the weekend, 
petitions can be turned in at 240 
Blake or Monday noontime 
tables at Revelle or Muir. 
Present petitions are void after 
May 23. Supplemental petitions 
available after May 24. 

The first issue of the UCSD 
literary magazine, THE LAST 
REVIEW, comes out soon : 
contributions by Einzig, Stone, 
Widner , Woodward , Yip and 
many others. Price : 50 cents. 

Management training and sales 
positions in San Diego are 
available with Prudential 
Insurance Company. A repre-
sentative will be on campus 
Thursday, May 18, 1972, to 
provide add itional information 
concerning these oppor tunities 
to bachelors' degree candi-
dates. Contact ext. 2401 for 
more information. 

The archery range is now 
located 200-300 yards, north of 
Muir Park ing Lot j ust off N. 
Torrey Pines Rd . (really 

close). Equipment can be 
checked out at the cage in the 
gym . 

The FIVE and DIME coffee-
house needs people to sign up 
for one hour shifts on any of the 
nights we are open. As you 
know, FIVE and DIME is 
entirely non-profit and is 
volunteer staffed. Come any 
night to sign up for hours. 

ALL PIRG PETITIONERS: 
Turn in all filled or unfilled 
petitions by today. We 're 
getting close and we want to 
know how close. You can check 
out new petitions when you turn 
in the old ones. Keep working, 
we 're almost there. 

ATTENTION ST UDENT 
LOAN BORROWERS : 
Graduating students or stu-
dents Who do not plan to return 
to UCSD for the fall 1972 
quarter beginning Sept. 18, 
1972, and who have outstanding 
NDEA, Educational Fee Defer-
ment, Health Professions, 
Regents' or other type loans, 
should contact the Loan 
Collection Office, 204 Matthews 
Campus, regarding an exi t 
interview. De fe rment of 
payments and par tial cancella-
tion of loans may be available 
to you. Find out by call ing Jane 
Fitzgerald or Flo Rogers, ext. 
2616, for your exit interview 
appointment. 

The Muir College Student 
Graduation Committee is in the 
process of collecting sug-
gestions from Muir College 
seniors for the Senior Class 
gift. 

Summer housing is available 
for students attending Summer 
Session, doing research or 
working on campus. Some Muir 
apartments will also be 
available on a priority basis. 
The rates for this summer are 
as follows : students who have 
resided in the apartments 
and/or the residence halls 

since September 1971 : apart-
ments $2 per night, res. halls 
$l.50 per night ; double res. 
halls $l.75 per night single. 
Regular students' rates for the 
summer : Apartments $3.50 per 
night, res. halls $3 per night ; 
double res. halls $3.25 per night 
single. Pick up your application 
in 206 Matthews Campus before 
June 1,1972. 

UCSD Tennis Club offers inter-
mediate tennis lessons ; open to 
students, faculty and staff . 
Eight students per class - six 
week lessons - $12. Matthews 
Tennis courts : Tuesdays 5:30-7 
p.m. or Wednesdays 5:30-7 p.m. 
sign up by contacting the PE 
office, X2275. 

The UCSD Child Day Care 
Center wi" continue to 
operate Thru' the summer 
break. A few more children 
can enroll now. Call Ext. 
2891 

The Peoples Pot needs your 
help - At the " Beach Party" 
in Del Mar last Friday the 
" Pot" itself (aluminum, 
about 2 ft . high with 
handles) was ripped off -
anyone with info on the 
whereabouts of this 
valuable pot please call ext . 
1913 and leave a message. 

~----advertisements for ourselves------..... 
classifieds 

for sale 
CASSE TT ES - new hi-
frequency ser ies AMPEX 
C6O-36O, brand new, fact . 
sealed reg . 52.95, now only 
51.50 ea ., deals on more 
tha n 10. DAVE 453-9049 
(5/22) 

64 PLYMOUTH 9 
PASSENGER STATION 
WAGON , EXCLNT 
CONDITION . MUST SELL. 
453-8783 (5/1 9) 

Gett ing Bored ? Paperbacks 
& other cheap thr i lls 25(-51. 
N os talg iC j ewelry & 
records, stuff for next 
year ' s apt, thread s, 5-drunk 
o pac ity styro ice chest . 
4!.9-7446 after 6. 

!,PR ING SU RF SPE CI AL : 
O'Neill short john wet suit, 
,. ard1y lIc; p ci . like brand 
'Iew, 515. Terry 755-7604 . 
5/ 30 ) 

G RAN D OPENING! 
Bon Aire Bike Shop 

. 52 S. Acacia, Solano Beach 
755-7281 

New 10 Speeds 
569.95 

(612) 

1967 F iat Sp i de r-850 ; 
Rebuil t Eng ine; 5900. J im 
Ga "oway 755-1 254 (5/1 9) 

housing 
Asst . Prof . from B.Y .U . 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jo"a for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P .O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 

Roommate needed for 
September own rm ., ocn 
view. Prefer female . For 
more info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

I need a place to live this 
summer, hopefully in Del 
Mar, Solana or La Jo"a . 
Call me at 453-8136; Geoff 
Furman. 

Share new mobile Mme in 
En Ci n iT as own room , 
pr ivate bath and entrance 
588755-3622. (5/23 ) 
Room mates needed for next 
year big house in Del Mar, 
on the beach 453-0997 (5/1 9) 
2 Students need house, apt . 2 
bdrm. Fa" '72 Del Mar, l.J . 
Sue 453-0885 (5 /1 9) 

Page 12 Triton Times May 19, 1972 

Research Assistant mov ing 
from East Coast in Aug . 
interested in sma" sublet 
apt . Write : B. Feucht, Bio . 
Dept ., Johns Hopk i ns 
University, Baltimore, MD . 
21218 or call collect (eves. ) 
301 828-6918 . (5 / 30) 

TO RENT : DEL Mar Area, 
furnished 9 months, Sept 20 
to June 20. 4 Bdrm, 3 ba . one 
acre plot corral, etc . Ocean 
view Pets & children OK . 
$4250 plus util ities . 755-4546. 

personal 
" YOU DON'T HAVE A 
BODY ; YOU ARE A 
BODY" is the thesis of 
Stanley Ke"eman, 
dynamic, bellicose, 
involving Bio-Energetic 
Therapist presented by the 
Gestalt Therapy Institute of 
San Diego at House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m ., Sunday May 28th . 
Students 51.75, others 53.00, 
at the door . 

Young fox wishes to meet 
r ich med student or other 
good prospects . wi" date to 
see if compatible, wish to 
form lasting mea ningful 
relationship Write to l. c / o 
Edna in Urey Ha" (5/19) 

Typing and Proofreading 
50¢ a page : Reports, Thes is, 
B. Lynch 753-7356 (5/26 ) 

travel 
EUROPE 1972 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
SPRING-SUMMER- FALl 

SCHEDULES NOW 
AVAILABLE 

Many Flights to Choose 
From 

SAMPLE FARES 
LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 

LONDON from 5129 One 
Way 

Low Air F are on 
Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL- AFRICA-

ASIA 
International LD. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM 5229 ROUND-TRIP; 
JAPAN: FROM 5349 
ROUND -TRIP ; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (r) 
EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM 5220 
ONE WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E .S.E .P ., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

Need ride to New York by 
May 28th . Wi" share gas 
and expenses . Call Karen 
274-1441. 

Ride needed to St. Louis 
before June 20. Leave 
pertinent info. at 755-4117. 
Wi" share driving, 
expenses. (5/19) 

lost & found 
Found : camera, call Nora 
at x2408 to identify . 

Found : Gold-rimmed 
glasses, tinted pink, in 
Blake Ha" john . For info. 
come by Triton Times 
office, advertisement dept. 
(5123) 
Found : Girl's silver 
bracelet near Coffee Hut 
Sat. or Sun. Call Jeffrey 
Dundon, XI354. (5123) 
LOST : Turquoise blue hat, 
Mon. maybe near gym. 
Please help - this hat 
matters to me. E"en 755-
0.62 (5119) 
LOST: Sunglasses, black 
rimmed prescription . In 
S&E . Contact Loreen 729-
5327 Collect after 5. 

Key 5123 
c.tlalled on 5 


