
'\ 
I 

• I 
,,,trai, •• Y 5, lfn 

85 Arrested in War Protest Wouldn't you really rather have a Buick? 
David Buchbinder Going ... Going ... Gon 

Approximately 85 war 
proteaton. ' including several 
tJCSD lildents, were arrested 
yesterday afternoon at 11th 
Naval District Headquarters In 
downtown San nieto. 

On the second anniversary of 
the killings at Kent State and 
JacklOn State, 1200 persons 
pthered at 1 PM Thursday in 
downtown's Horton Plaza to 
protest tbe renewed escalation 
of the Vietnam conflict. They 
then proceeded to tbe foot of 
Broadway and formed a picket 
line around the entrance to the 
Naval headquarters building, 
marcbing and chanting in a de-

monstration that lasted two 
boors. At this time nearly a 
hundred of the protestors sat 
down in the entrance. blocking 
it; they remained there until 
4: 30, when watching police 
declared it an unlawful 
assembly and ordered the 
protestors to disperse. Upon 
the refusal of the protestors to 
do so, approximately 60 police 
moved in and arrested lIS. 

With a crowd of JIOc.beering 
them as they were led into a 
County Sheriff's bus and two 
SDPD paddy wagons. those 
arrested were taken to tbe 
county jail and charged witb 

trespassing on federal i What had been unofficial for 
property. unlawful assembly. several weeks was made very 
and failure to disperse. official bere in San Diego 

While this was in progress. Wednesday. The GOP National 
approximately 200 protestor~ Convention will move from San 
marcbed to tbe county jail . Diego to Miami Beacb. 
wbere tbey called for tbe Florida . Wisconsin State 
arrested people to be freed. Senator Robert Knowles. tbe 
After about, 15 minutes of convention coord ina tor . 
protest tbis group disbanded relayed the official information 
peacefully. to San Diego officials after it 

When tbe protest ended was learned that tbe Miami 
organizers claimed it was, "a Beacb City Council extended 
great victory for tbe people! its formal invitation to tbe 
We'll come back every day Republicans. 
until the war is ended. even if 
tbey have to arrest IIS.OOO of 
us." 

Strike Meeting Condemns Research 

Tbe narrow 4-3 approval of 
tbe Miami City Council in tbeir 
bid for the convention. was 
made only after tbe Miami 
Council had been assured tbat 
tbe Federal Government would 
provide an elite 1000 member 
"peace corps" to maintain 
order at tbe convention· 
scheduled for August 21-23. Tuesday evening, May 2, a strike meeting 

was held in the Revelle cafeteria where 
approximately 250 students attended. 

finition of war research. The vote to stop UC's 
participation in war researcb passed. Also in tbe Miami City 

Council bid was an agreement 
to provide II all external 
security" bus service for 
delegates. and additional 
convention hall modifications 
up to $15,000. 

'nit! meeting was chaired by a young woman 
who introduced herself as a member of the 
Women's Liberation Front and there were 
relatively few interruptions of the agenda. 

Those present also gave a vote of approval 
to the support of the stationary engineers at 
Berkeley, and support the rigbt of these 
workers for collective bargaining 
arrangements. 

'nit! group almost unanimously voted for a 
student strike on May 4, a strike wbicb they 
hope will effect "an immediate end to all US 
intervention in Vietnam." 

The final vote on the agenda was a measure 
to stop the increase of undergraduate students 
without tbe proportional increase of pro-
fessors and teacbing assistants. The measure 
ilainst the increase paued. 

In a letter from Knowles to 
vice cbairman of the 
convention committee Richard 
Herman, Knowles cited several 
"insurmountable" problems 
concerning tbe planned San 
Diego Convention. It was this 
letter that indicated to San 

'nit! second measure on the agenda, a 
demand for the University of California to end 
all war research, was heartily contested as 
many with opposing views argued about a de· 

After the meeting, several cadres were 
formed to promote the strike activities in 
different ways: one to work in the community, 
one to work with the CRAZY TIMES, one to 
work on leaflets. 

Grobstein On Med School 
Tommy (o/inte. 

Dr. Clifford Grobstein. Vice-Chancellor for Healtb Sciences 
and Dean of tbe UCSD Medical School. took time away from 
his normally busy schedule to converse about a variety of 
issues and problems in medicine. 

A man wbo has a sharp command of spoken Englisb and a 
versatile. yet unique way of responding to questions. be is 
aware of his position in medical administration. 

This is evident wben be says. "Professionals in medicine will 
respond to any question witb a different opinion. and we have a 
wide range of diversified opinions ... 

About tbe controversy.surrounding abortions. Dr. Grobstein 
said. "All doctors are in some way concerned about buman life 
and must choose between two lives. tbe choice of tbe motber 
versus tbe baby." He adds bluntly. "It's a knotty situation. 

"The question of abortions is certainly broad and general in 
terms of the actual practice in the medical profession." be 
said. 

There are religious denominations which are against 
abortions 'Ybetber tbey are legal or non-legal. Dr. Grobsteins' 
response b tbe Catbolic cburcb. wbose position is against 
abortions : 'Certain religions have rules to wbich its members 
must abide It's a question of concern and some adjustment. 

"Even II tbe cburcb tbere is no consensus about tbe 
abortion cOltroversy. But it is indeed a practical matter. and 
one must ~ aside personal feelings ... he said. 

Dr. Gr.tein also answered questions about the 
Hlppocratiq)atb and some discontent by a group of graduating 
medical se~rs wbo see tbe oatb as being outdated and not 
witb the tima. . 

He comm.ted on Hippocrates as being "a great medical 
leader of his 'ne. He deserves to be honored ... 

Dr. Gr. n said the'Hippocratic Oatb will be recited at 
graduation c.monies tbis year. 

"However. 4ere are otber versions of tbe Hippocratic Oatb. 
We will r e tbe Geneva version. wbicb has some 

modirlCatio~ be said. 
"You see. erv profession has some kind of ethical 

pldellnes W It sees fit to follow. The Hippocratic Oath Is 
just one plrt r lUideline for the medical profession." be 
said. 

s today are Icdlne apin at formality. nus 
is Ia'ious and nt. 

St1IdIata are pr .... their feellnes. and _~hi .. for !be 
natare of tIIelr Inloclety. " he said. 

Dr. Clifford Grobstela, 
De .. of UCSD'. Medical Scbool 

"An oath is merely a statement of dedication. Tbe 
Hippocratic Oatb is ope statement of dedication to tbe medical 
profession. " 

Exbibiting a quality of tact and sitting patiently prepared for 
the next question. Dr. Grobstein commented on tbe soon-tOobe 
graduating medical seniors. 

Tbe UCSD Medical School will graduate its first students tbis 
June. "and the entire administration of tbe medical school is 

excited about it." Dr. Grobstein said. 
"AU of the graduates have received their first or second 

cboice of internships. Many of the students will probably 
venture into areas like pediatrics. in wbicb they are deeply 
interested. internal medicine. surgery. and psycblatry. 

"Community Medicine is another important area of interest 
In medicine. eSpecially today. We have some students who will 
render their expertise in that brancb of medicine ... he said. 

"(Mo students in the medical school are excellent." he 
declared. 

Dr. Grobsteln said. "Our first graduatilll ceremony in June 
is IOiDI to be a happy ocaulon and a display for the medical 
.elloolln terms of what It does. ....t it can do and what it 
will do." 

Diego officials tbat the wby San Diego did not attempt 
convention site migbt be to keep tbe 
changed. Tbe reasons for tbe mayor's assistant 
convention move. Knowles and ThOmas remarked. "The 
other convention officials was lucky to get San Diego.' 
insisted. were physical Thomas also said tbat 75 per 
problems. not political. cent of . the moni~ inve~ted 

Tbe pbysical problems were • conventton plannmg Will 
tbe lack of accomodations and rebated. 
press facilities . Tbe biggest ~dmiral Leslie. Gehres. 
pbysical problem. say many. Diego Republtcan Par 
was Peter Graham. tbe owner cbairman described tbe 
and operator of the Sports situation as "schizophrenic : it 
Arena . Tbe contract for makes tbe job of the local 
modifications on the Arena had Republican Committee easier. 
been negotiated twice wben Tbey had been under pressure 
Graham asked for permanent to contribute beavily to 
modifications that would have convention. now the 
boosted tbe cost of remodeling can be used for indi 
from $76.000 to $400.000. candidates. " Gebres also 

In a statement issued indicated that the Republican 
Tbursday, San Diego Mayor officials have passed a " has~y 
Pete Wilson insisted tbat "San judgment" because they did 
Diego has kept its bargain and not know San Diego or its 
gone far beyond that in the people." . . 
way its citizens have put Tbe BUick Convention . 
themselves out to bost the GOP formerly scheduled for late 
convention. We have made August in Miami. is now 
clear our ability to do so." contemplating a switcb to San 

In response to tbe question of Diego instead. 

AS Decision Expected Soon 
St.v. Brault 

"Tbe chancellor is expected 
to come to a decision this week 
on tbe funding and structure of 
next year ' s student 
government," says Paul 
Kaufman, Associated Students 
President. He expres')ed belief 
tbat the AS structure would be 
drastically cbanged for next 
year. 

After the results of the 
referendum, Kaufman felt it 
necessary to re-evaluate the 
wbole idea of student 
government. " Instead of 
worrying bow to keep tbe 
present AS going," states 
Kaufman , " we have to 
determine wbat necessary 
functions the AS carries out. 
There may be no AS per se." 

"The functions which are 
essential to tbe university 
community should be funded by 
tbe wbole community ," said 

Kaufman . In Kaufman 's 
proposal. submitted to the 
chancellor this week, the 
students would vote on wbat 
operations should be paid for 
by everYone. In the future. 
special interest groups desiring 
funding would have to go 
directly to the students througb 
referendums in order to 
receive funding , instead of the 
present system wbich makes 
the AS the decision maker on 
wbat should be funded by the 
students. 

When questioned 011' what he 
felt the future structure of the 
AS sbould be, Kaufman stated, 
" I hope the AS will concern 
itself more with matters of 
University governance . 
Students need a voice on the 
various faculty committees 
and boards whicb make de· 
cisions wbich affect their 
academic community." 

Muir Elections Today 
The Muir College Council elections are being continued 

today. Friday, May 5 due to the moratorium on this campus 
yesterday. Anyone who did not cast their ballot on Wednesday 
should do so today between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the election 
table set up in the Muir Commons patio area. 

Cinco De Mayo Festival 
Today MECHA will sponsor Cinco de Mayo festivities at the 

UCSD soccer field beginning at 10 a.m. Ernesto Galarza, 
visiting professor at Third College. will speak at 10. Reies 
Tijerina. from AJianza , will speak at 11:30. with Dolores 
Huerta from UFWOC speaking at 12 :45. Entertainment is 
planned between speakers. Everyone and anyone is welcome. 

Student lobby Conference 
Lieutenant-Governor Ed Rei~ke and Speaker of the 

Assembly Bob Moretti will be two ,f .be featured speakers at a 
joint legislative conference sponsored by students of the 
University of California, the state college and uDlverslty 
system. and community colleges in Sacramento on May 8 and 
g, 

A~rding to Paul Gassawa), liC ~lIl Jallve advocate 1ft 
Sacramento, the primary objectives of the conference will be 
to educate the 150 students that will attend kotiAlatlve 
Pl'OIrams of various lobbies. Gassaway hopes that thr.. 
QIIPOrtunity will enable the students to contact their own legis· 
IatOrs and cultivate liaslons with Jeaislators that deal With 
issues important to the individual students. 
'or UCSD students who are interested in goilll to this Iqis-

&alive •• areness meetinc, contact Midlael Weiss at XltU for 
fInIler .... 



Summer EPA Fellowships 

I 

An unusual summer fellDwship fDr outstanding graduate and 
. ldergraduate students has been initiated by ~ 
;nvironmental ProtectiDn Agency. The EPA fellDwshlp 
lroject will involve student inv~stigation i.nto pre~nt-<lay 
environmental concerns With special emphasIs on the IIIIpact 
of the environment on society. These include (but are not 
restricted to ) envi,ronmental management, leisure in the 
liDvironment, quality of life, future of the environment, a~ 
• enter-city environment. The 25 fellows themselv~s Will 
participate in topic se!ection and .,,:ill serve In five 
multidisciplinary teams With a well·quallfled graduate student 
as team leader. 

The program will be CDndUCted in Washington, D.C., and will 
extend from June 15 through Aug . 31 fDr regular fellows, and 
from June 13 throrough Sept. 7 fDr team leaders. 

Each fellDW will receive room and board plus travel to and 
from his residence, and , in addition, a nominal stipend of $1,500 

~Dr a regular analyst and $2,000 f~r a t~am leader. 
ApplicatiDns shDUld be submitted Immediately ; Dnly those 

received by May 22, 1972, will be considered. Further prDgram 
details and application fDrms are available a.t Career Planmng 
Services, 6th floor, Building 2D, Muir CDllege. 

Want A Buick? 
After mDnths of slowly building excitement Dver the 

Republican NatiDnal CDnventiDn, San Diego. ne.wsme~ feel let 
down a little, in some cases relieved, In others dlsappOl.nted. 

The UNION and the EVENING TRlBU E, each With three 
political writers engaged in preconventiDn stDries, were 
pulling together an intri~ate plan Df cover~ge when the 
Republicans made the deCISion to. move to .M laml Beach: 

San DiegD's tDurist chief told AP polltlcal wnter Bill Stall 
that in lieu Df the GOP he 'll try to. get the Buick dealer~' 
cDnvention that was scheduled the last week LR August In 
Miami Beach. 

To. which a wag in the EVENING TRIBU E newsroom 
pinned this nDte to. other staHers via the Dffice bulletin board : 
"WQuldn'tYDu really rather have a Buick ?" 

International Fund Raiser 
The InternatiDnal Center is sponsoring a fund-~aisi~g dinner 

to raise money to buy mQre furniture fDr the IntenDr. JQan 
Walsh , coordinator Qf the aHair, tQld t~e TR(T~ . TIMES that 
the dinner will feature an internatlDnal CUISine, and ltve 
entertainment. 

Sam Hinton, noted fDlk singer, will be the master Df 
ceremQnies. ln additiQn , LeimDni GahetG:1 has brought a grQup 
o[ PQlynesiandancers to. entertain at the dinne~.. . 

'i'tle .nternational Center, a non-prohl DrgamzatlOn, Will hQld 
the dinner this Saturday at 6 p.m., at the Center. TIckets are 
$12.50 per couple or $7 .50 apiece. . 

Students can attend the affair free i[ they bri~g a dIsh that 
will serve 15 people. AnyQne interested in brmgmg a d!sh 
should contactJQan by Friday. The number to arrange to. brtng 
food Dr to receive further infDrmatiDn is X1941. 

\ 

URn HAl. 

An evening of jazz 
music featuring 
FREDDIE 
HUBBARD 

with 
George Cables 
Jr. Cooke 
Lenny White 
Alex Blake 

Friday, May 12, 1972 
UCSD Gym 8 p.m. 

loa Offiu $2.00 UCSO Students 
or $2.50 Other College Students Advance 

4Sl-lJ62 $3.00 General Admission at Door 

McGovern Campaign 
Moving cit UCSD 

UCSD students are canvassing the dorms in sUPpor:t Df 
George McGovern's candidacy fDr president. Their effort IS to 
lIain student participation for a pe~n·to-pe~n cQveraget:f 
the North County communities. Their goal IS to. gather .e 
support of at least 200 students to cover the precInCts m thIS 
area . . . . will poll Precinct wDrkers, Qften worktng m paIrs, d 
McGovern 's support amQng registered De'!locrats an 
distribute literature. Then, Dn June 6, they WIll encQuraae 
McGovern supporters to. 110 to the polls. 

These students hope to. air support for McGQvern nQt throup 
charisma Qrthrough " power politics." Instead they base tbelr 
effort upon the issues which McGQ~ern stands for . These ,are 
some Qf the issues which McGovern s support IS based upon .. 

First. McGQvern has been con~is~~nt1y ag~inst. the .Indochm.a . 
war In the Senate in 1963, he saId Our poltcy (In VIetnam) ~ 
a 'llcy of moral debacle and mi!i~~ defeat. " McGovern .. ~ to Nixon's " Vietnaml.zatl?n a~ woul~ end all U.S. 
military operations in Indochina tmmediately If elected .. He 
would grant general amnesty to all who refused to. be ~~ . 

McGQvern a fDrmer professor of history , has a legIslatIve 
recQrd Qf st;Qng support fQr educatiQnal measures .. If elect4 
he proposes to create 200,000 new schola.rshlps fQr students 0 
$5 000 dQlIars each. This and Qther soctal reforms ~ould be 

~id for frQm $31 billion which he proposes to trtm frQm 
militarv expenditures. oposed 

Also of much interest to students, McGovern has pr . 
that prosecutiQn be ended for the use or possesslDn of 
marijuana . _ 

The Wisconsin primary showed that even nQrmally-conser 
vative blue-collar and lQwer-class wQrkers have suppor~ed 
McGovern 's prDgrams. Perhaps the most all-encQmpassmg 
cate 0. of McGovern 's support has come frQm the dise~~nted , including students. " People rightly f.eel that the 
presidency has become a stage-show, run by advertlsmg execu-

- Sealer Geerae MeGovel'D. 
Democnlic Prelidelllial Cud .... te. 

lives and manipulated by money," said Fred Drisco\1, a 
spokesman fDr the UCSD organi~tiQn . "I think that VQters can 
relate to McGQvern's straightforward and honest approach as 
shown by his record." 

UCSD Students for McGovern will be sponsoring Robert 
Vaughn on the plaza next Thursday, May 11, at 1. Information 
Dn issues and community work is available at the McGovern 
tables Qn Revelle and Muir plazas every day, 11-2. 

"We have been marching for years," says Driscoll. " Now we 
have a realistic Dpportunity fQr a real change." 

Nobel Prize Winner Denied Stanford Class 
Kevin Olson 

Dr. William B. Shockey. the 
contrQversial . Dbel Prize-
winning physicist. has been 
denied permission to teach a 
class at StanfDrd University 
based on his theories about 
heredity and race. The decision 
was made by Lincoln Moses. 
Dean of the Graduate SLudies 
Division. in an Qverruling Qf a 
faculty cQmmittee which had 
recQmmended that Shockley be 
allowed to. teach the course fQr 
one quarter only , withQut 
credit. 

Shockley. 62. a prQf eSSQr Df 
engineering science and a 

winner Df the NQbel Prize fQr 
co.-inventing the Lransistor. is 
best known fDr his 
cQntrQversial theory that 
blacks are genetiC,1l1y inferiQr 
to. whites. This inequality. he 
claims. cQnstitutes a "dysgenic 
threat " of regressive 
evolution. because Qf the 
disproportiQnate number Df 
people with IQW intelligence. In 
resPQnse to. this crisis . 
Shockley favQrs a program Qf 
vQluntary eugenics CQntrDI. 
such as vQluntary 1 and paid) 
sterilizatiQn. 

MQses stated thal his reasons 
for rejecting the CQurse rested 
nQt so. mu c h on the 

Steinem, Nader to Speak 
Gloria Steinem, a prominent figure in Ihe women's liberatiQn 

movement, will speak in San Diego this Friday, May 5, at noon 
in the Crown Room Qf the Hotel Del CorQnado. Her appearance 
is being sponsored by the W~stern States Advertising Agenci~s 
Association, an Qrgamzatlon of advertlsmg and prQmolton 
companies having their annual cDnventlOn. Also on .the 
speaking bill is the publisher of PSycbDlogy Today maga~me , 
T. GeQrge Harris, and for Saturday, at the same . ltm~ , 
CQnsumer advocate Ralph Nader . The CQst for Ms. Stemem s 
luncheQn and talk is $10 , and $5 for the talk Qnly ($2 fDr students 
with I.D.) 

r""'·'~;t"~;;;-I OF LA .JOLLA 
A FINE 

SELECTION 
OF CHEESES 
From around the world. 

7523·A Fay Ave., La Jolla 

I (on Dru,y Lane Plaza) 454·5384 111111111111111 II 1II111n 
FINANCIAL AIDS 

SPOISOISLUiU 
Finonciol Aids 01 UCSD is sponsoring a LUAU on May 13th. 3 11m 
01 the Inlernotionol House on Malthews Compus. LUAU. which is a 
Howaiian leent, will be serving pig (pua) baked in li-Ieoves. lami 
(omi salmon, chicken long rice, poi, sweel yams. DMsert will 
include fresh Pineapples and cocoonut coke. 

unpopularity Qf the theory. but 
on Shockley's cQmpetence : 
"( His ) expertise in teaching 
this CQurse is subject to doubts 
... the level of Qbjectivity Qf 
the proposed course is at least 
as troublin~. " 

Shockley. in response to. the 
censorship Df his CDurse. 
implied that it was a violatiQn 
Qf academic freedom : "The 
iIIusiQn . . . Qf flat human 
equality (mental and physical 
equality among the races) ... 
is so. central to. the thinking Qf 
the graduate schQol 
administration at StanfDrd as 
to exclude a sincere search for 
truth." 

ShQckley has been 
surrounded bv turmoil and' 
disruptiQn wherever he has 
sPQken Qr taught. His 
engineering class at StanfQrd 
was disrupted last February by 
demonstratDrs wearing Ku 
Klux Klan rQbes . and similar 
disturbances have greeted his 
appearances at other 
campuses. In November. when 
Shockley attempted to soeak at 

Sacramento. State CQllege, the 
proceedings were demQlished 
by a group of black militants 
who beat up several students 
and professors. The professor 
who had arranged for Shockley 
to speak, Dr. CarQle Barnes. 
was reprimanded and censured 
by her superiors for having 
invited Shockley. 

The special StanfQrd faculty 
cQmmittee which had prQposed 
that Shockley be allowed to. 
teach his cOurse made clear 
their reasons [Qr supporting 
their decision : ., The 
essentially genocidal politics 
he has seemed Lo prQpose are 
nQt only painful fQr black 
peQple to hear but are 
abhDrrent to. all decent people 
whatever their skin cQIQr. We 
believe it is high time that the 
alleged conclusions were 
subjected to Qpen and objective 
examination before a graduate 
level class." 

Dr. Shockley was unavailable 
for comment as to. whether he 
would formally protest Moses ' 
ruling Qr attempt to chan~e it. 

MEXICO 
TraveI ~hiIe 

you .-t~dy 
.UD1~er 

••••••••• 

FOR ~EEKII 
$485 

UNIVERSITY 
OF MEXICO CIT 

INCLUDES 
• Transportation 
• Tuition 
• Accommodations 

~o. 

Also Appearing: PNEUMA The He Noa Lani dancers will be featured under the chOfeography & direction of Leima"" Gaheton, who presenlly conducts Hawaiian 
& T ahilian dance classes ot the Lo Jolla Dance Cenler. 

LOCAL SAN DIEGO JAZZ MUSICIANS 
Sponsored by UCSD Compus Programminl Board 

Friday, MQy 5, 1972 

All Proceeds from lhe luau ore for the Scholarships and Emergen· 
cy loan. Tickets are on sole al Urey Holl Boll Office. General 
informotion, coli EDNA. 

( 

Ojai Tennis Tourney ~ 

Tritons lose to the best 
UCSD may not have fared very well in Ojai last weekend, but 

the IlfOUP bad a llrelt time warming the bench. 
The annual tennis tournament beld in Ojai, a small town 

inland past Ventura, drew the best players in California, plus 
players from IUch places as Houston and Utah. A few of the 
many events of the tournament include mens' and womens' 
liIrcIes and doubles, the Community CoI1e&e, Independent 
College, Open, Pacific 8, Junior, and 16and under divisions. 

To demonstrate what a tough tournament Ojai traditionally 
is, It must be mentioned that some Qf the crowd-<lrawing 
eatrees of last year, such as Jimmy CQnnors, Haroon Rahim, 
and Jeff Borowiak, all formerly Qf UCLA, bave joined the 
profeSSional circuit this year. . 

Besides the individual satisfactiQn of the winners, the 
Tbatcber Cup is awarded to the college team with the most 
points. (A point is awarded each time a singles or doubles 
matcb Is won.) Tbe cup usually stays in the hands of a southern 
California team such as USC or UCLA, but this year Stanford 
surprised everyone but themselves by taking the cup for the 
fint time in many years. TIley also happen to be the top-rated 
college tennis team In the entire nation. 

stanford was led by Alex Mayer, who defeated former La 
Jolla Hiah star and currently USC's top player, Raul Ramirez, 
in the finals of the Pacific 8 mens' singles. Many other points 
were provided by the all-StanfQrd doubles conSisting Qf Jim 
Delaney teaming with another fQrmer La JQlla star, Jim 
"Chico" Halley, vs. victors Gerry GroslimDnd and Rick 
Fisher. Roscoe Tanner, one Df Stanford's top singles players, 
also helped pace the team with his clQse win over USC's Dick 
Bornstedt. 

Besides the tournament providing great tennis, the town is 
full of great people. These people Qffered their spare rooms to 
players, as Ojai 's accommodatiQns CQuid not begin to take care 
of the many people who came to play Dr watch the tournament. 
The "\own" consisted of one main road and a seeming eternity 
of citrus groves. An orange booth was set up at the tournament, 
providing everyQne with as much free , fresh squeezed Qrange 
juice as they could drink. 

UCSD's entrants included Rudy Perkins in mens' 
independent college singles, Bruce Baxley and Bill Duke in the 
mens' doubles, Cheryl Elliott in WQmens ' singles, and Irene 
Allen and Judy Abrams in womens ' dQubles. Everyone was 
capable of winning at least Qne mQre rQund than he , she, Qr 
they did . San Diego's luck was not the greatest, as Rudy was 
almost defaulted out Df the tDurnament, and Brian Teacher, 
younger brother of Ted Teacher, had to default in the semi-
finalsDf the junior singles because Qf an injured shQulder, 

UCSD could nQt be turned back by anything, thQugh, as most 
of our representatives from the tournament stayed frQm 
Wednesday night or early Thursday, until at least Saturday or 
Sunday to be inspired by the finals of the events. 

• 

With the prestigious Ojai TQurnament behind and the 
regular-season finale at USD Monday, all Triton eyes are on 
the NAIA compe!ition commencing next Thursday at 
~lands. Tbe top eight UCSD netters are currently embroiled 
In Intra-squad match-ups to decide which sill members will 
make the trip. The district champiQnships culminate a season 
of c:ontinuing imprDvement and provide a springboard to the 
nattQnal championships at St. Louis. Since the Redlands team 
is the defending natiQnal champion, its district will be entitled 
to send at least two. squads to the St. Louis finals . Last year 
LaVerne, a team beaten by the Tritons this season, was runner-
up to Redlands and accompanied them to. the natiQnals. In 
short, the entire success Qf this UCSD tennis season will be 
tested severely next weekend, with the prize being a shQt at the 
natiQnal championships. 

Baseball team wins 
third straight game 

Marlc Young 
Well . well ! The UCSD The fifth inning almQst 

baseball team nQW has itself a turned into. a disaster but for a 
winning streak Qf three games. fine play by captain Curt and a 
This mQmentous occasiQn bases-loaded tWD-QUt strike-Qut 
came after a 2-10-1 victDry Dver by ace Randy Miller. As it 
Cal Baptist Tuesday in an away turned Qut. Cal Baptist only 
game. The TritQns. led by the scored Qne run in the inning and 
pitching Df Randy Miller and no. mQre for the game. 
the hitting Df Bill Goddard. Randy Miller did another 
moved themsel ves within three fine job Dn the mDund. gDing 
games Qf the elusive .500 mark. the distance and striking DUt 

UCSD struck first fire in the 
secQnd inning when John Clark 
walked and Goddard singled 
bim to. second. Chuck Bahde's 
ground ball mQved the runners 
to. second and third. where 
Clark was later able to SCQre 
Qn a passed ball . The secQnd 
and final TritQn run came in 
the fQurth . Dn a double by 
Miller who. went to. third Qn an 
errQr and scDred on a sacrifice 
fly bv Goddard. 

seven, walking two.. and giving 
up Dnly six hits. He was backed 
up by an errQrless defense and 
a fine , fine catch by super 
center fielder Dave Wright. If 
the men can put it together 
Thursday against US) they'll 
have a good shot at a winning 
season. Pete Yocky will be 
gQing against the independenL 
powerhQuse and hopes to prDve 
why he's Qne Df the finer 
cQllegiate pitchers in the 
Southland. 

Golfers in tourney 
Mark Lisko 

The UCSD golfers were trading punches with the big 
last MQnday and refused to. get decked in the first rQund . 
were putting in a tournament which included the 22 
schools in CalifQrnia. When "best schools in CalifDrnia' 
mentiQned yQU knQw that means the likes Qf UCLA , USC, 
The gDlf team managed to. post an eleventh place finish , 
was better than expected by cQach Patrick. 

The team was led by Ray Gerrity who. went 76-73. 
remember that his fine display Qf cQllege talent 
place Dn the tough TQrrey Pines CQurse and take this 
sideration in the finish . 

The golf team is made up Qf six guys who. are 
who. love to putt around. The Qther two. standouts, 
Garrity , are GeQrge Clark and Don Cismowski. It is 
due to. their effQrts that the team has cQmpiled a 5-5 

Despite the loss Qf three players at the end Qf 
Garrity and Cismowski amQng them, cQach 
expecting a better team for next year. George Clark 
returning and some good talent is expected next year. 

The team will be concluding its seaSQn in about two. 
This Friday, they trek on up to. Camp PendeltQn to. take 
good 0.)' MQntezuma boys. Next week, Thursday and 
will be the big finale of the year, AlA cDmpetition in 
Palm Springs. Good luck team, it was 100 degrees in Pa 
Springs yesterday. 

Ruggers lose 
finale at Temp 

A conglomeratiQn Qf UCSD 
gQQf-offs . the heck-with· 
midtermers. hQney·hunters. 
and maybe even a rugby player 
jQined fQrces last weekend. for 
a fun-filled excursiQn to the sun 

and desert surf capital Qf 
wQrld. Tempe. Arizona 
grQup Qf hard-cQre mi 
(nQrmal UC D students ) 
a seasoned grDup of Ari 

COD tined 0. Pale' 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street fa hions by 

Ie ... 
...... ~~\.\ ...... PAYS DONORS for 'service 

... 1 

soft 
clingy dresses 

& tops,_. 
Tues. · SOl. 
9:45- 5:» 

Women Welcome 

• • rans 12j '0. High"'ay 101, Solana Beach 7j5-3890 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233·832fl 

THE CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD 
PRESENTS c 

~~~ tJ~ 
221f-2 AViNIDA Pi u\ PlAYA 
II dOUrR 6I-I0R&8 11-59-6138 

CIIRRY OIIT ~YICE 

Elvin Bishop 
AND 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MANNA 
$2.00 UCSD Students 

$2.50 Other College 
ADVANCE 

$3.00 General Ad. 
and other 
College at door 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
AT UREY HALL BOX OffiCE 

Friday, May.5. 19n Triton Times Page 3 



~~------------------.-
• • opInIon 

Pseudonyms anti other things 
MarkSiqel 

Editorial Direetor 

Thi TRITON TIMES Invites any 
member of the Unlverllty community to 
sub1\lt mlterlll for publlcltlon In the . 
"opinion" HCtIon of thll newspaper. All 
miter III submltt.d must b. 
KCOmpenitd by a vilid Ilgnature, 
milling acldress, and H possible a phone 
number. If the author wllhes to have hll 
or her name wltheld or use I designated 
pseudonym, he or lhe must Indicate thll 
to the Editorial Director. The TRITON 
TIMES Clnnot publish materlll 
lubmltted unless the luthors Ir. 

• correctly Identified. 

The TRITON TIMES 1110 urges you 
to be .1 direct Ind concise al posllble In 
your Irtlcles. If II very difficult to prl.nt 
long esHYS due to the limited space 
Ivallable In the "opinion" section. The 
TRITON TIMES r ..... ves the right to 
verify and edit any mlterlalsubmltted. 
However, the authors will be Informed of 
editing whenever posllble. 

Anyone desiring to submit material to 
be published In thll section should send It 
to the Editorial Director, TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

"Pea~e" at the Cost of Freedom 
Kevin Olson 

'I1Ie preIeIlt Cllltbreu of bartIarUm and 
Ia ......... ICI'OII tile DltioaI' colleges and 
IIIIhenitieI II DOt IUIlIriIIIII; indeed. it bu 
became a repIar 0CCU1'eIICe wbenever tile 
U.S. GoveI"lllNDt dares mike an attempt to 
will, or eftII avoid defeat ill, tile war in 
ViItDIm. Tbe .. ~ Commuique" 
Pf1IIIU!Iated by one of our leadiq universities 
II Iadeed quite c:rtm.oa; I CIa thiIIk of no 
better propaaanda for destroyin£ moral and 
loft of COUDtry. ADd DOW our own TIUI'ON 
'IUID, wbich bu 6hlbited occaioaal 
,.... 01101IIII judpneat and lood lute thiI 
year, bas alIo decided to abrogate iu 
joumaI.iatic mponslbllity by editorializiJ~ for 
.lbIdent Itrike. Oac:e more tile ~ty liber. 
are eIIIl&iIII in Ielf-fllcellatiOD. inaocenUy 
cryinc, '"NiIl mllit tile U.S. IIlterfere with 
other countries?" "Why~ is there war?" 
TIle apotbeaIIa of tbiI bulfoooery baa beea 
rudaed in tile TIllES' Iudicroal "strite for 
freedom," wIlidI is in euence IIOthiaI lea 
thaD ID attack oa u.. freedomllbat are IIOW 
18 tile gravest danCer. 

Tllere are wan. my children. becaua tllere 
are worse thinp than wars. like livine in 
RUliia. or Petine, or North Vietnam. War, as 
ODe man has said. is the IIKOIId worst activity 
of mankind; tile first bei ... acquiescence in 
slavery. And the U.S. intervention in Vietnam 
WIS foundeci oa the grounds of preventine said 
alavery; it wal founded in the very name of 
,-~. 

Plea fll' ope ... Eyes 
Where lies our moral justification. cry the 

protestors, for our enteriJII into the private 
affairs of a far-away land? If tlley would open 
tlleir eyes, tlley would lee. For the past 50 
years Communism bas been waglJll, an 
lIIICealinC war lIainlt all civilized humanity. 
and against western civilization in particular. 
For the 25 years that war bas been directed 
lIainst the United States as the only foree' 
capable of standi ... in the way of its eternal. 
constanUy reiterated loal of world dom· 
ination. Is there not a moral justification to 
defend oneseU lIainlt a relentless. ideolog· 
ica1ly committed attack on aU civilized 
values? Tllere II. and that moral justification 
can be found in the streets of Budapest and 
Prague. ill the forced starvation and slave 
campi of Siberia, in the tent 01 millions of 
Innocent victims of Mao's mutilation of 
ChInese civilization, in the people shot trying 

to flee Cuba. in tile bloody puddles beneath tile 
Berlin Wall. 

Indeed, tile true Immorality of our conduct 
II fouad in tile confusion, the pusillanimity. tile 
weakaesa of charscter that bas cbaracteriJed 
tile American foreica policy of recent 
decades. How can history interpret, for 
eumple, tile putest power in the world 
alIowine iu sworn and implacable enemy. tile 
aecmd put.est power, to establilb an armed 
bale 10 miles from our Ibores? Or American 
acquieIcence to tile -invlSiolii 01 HWllary and 
CzecboIIovatia, or to tile treatment of Soviet 
Jews? How can history interpret our 
President, the mID wbo so CGUrlleously 
defended Whittaker Ctwnbers. sbaklnc band. 
with tile most merciless tyrant of all time. 
whole record for subjUiation and mua 
slaUlhte.r surpasses that 01 HiUer and Stalin 
combined? 

c.aa. .... m VI. Westen CivUbatlOll 
'Ibis policy of patbos is apotbeosized in the 

trqedy of Vietnam. Vietnam is not a private 
conflict, It is not a civil war. Tbere can be no 
civil war wben eighty per cent of the artillery 
and force of tile North Vietnamese anny is 
supplied by the SovieU. Vietnam is but 
another chapter in the protracted conflict 
between Communism and western civilization 
that has been ,oing on. on a Ilobal scaie, since 
the end of World War 11. And in this conflict 
there can be no "appeasement." no 
"coexistence." for we are faced with only two 
trllic. stark alternatives: victory or defeat. 

In an uncommon display of courlle, 
President Nixon bas risked his political career 
by renewlJll the bombi ... of the enemy, in a 

last~itcb effort to prevent the enslavement 
and butchery that would inevitably follow a 
Communist victory in Vietnam. But ARVN is 
weakeni.... Quang Tri has been conquered. 
and Hue is in grave peril. 

My roommate. a South Vietnamese 
ezcbange student whose family and friends 
reside in Saigon. a few dozen miles from Hue. 
does not understand the student protest 
lIainst American defense of his homeland. I 
suspect he believes, as do I. that in the 
decision between victory and defeat wbich 
still faces us, the cry of student protest and 
recreancy can only aid the cause of defeat. 

Meanwhile. our enlightened young at home 
chant their solidarity with the Viet Cone. and 
rejoice ilt every American defeat and 
humiliation. 

1 , triton tiDIes 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, May 5, 1972 

J 

AMlyf' ....... 
,..s..y 
ChMyt Elliott 
Oout'"-

~D ... _ 

....,. Moiooredo 
GIorIo Mor1iftu 
S-C ..... 

VIETNAM: A Story of 
Atrocities and Lies 

Dayid Kriltoffenon 
At present in South VietDam the Anny 01 the Republic of 

Vietnam (ARVN I. IUpIIOI1ed by Americaa air and naval 
power-, II involved ia a life and death struggle with tile troopI 01 
tile NaUonal Uberation Front (NLF I and the Democratic 
Republic of Vietnam :<DRVI. President Nisoa .... e to the 
nation about tile Vietnam situatioa on Wednelday eveaiDc, 
AprIl .. lD hi. speech Mr. Nizon diapJayed his ItronC 
determinatioa that the NLF and DRV "can not be allowed to 
win" a military victory In South Vietnam. He clemOllltrated bla 
resolve by ordering the bombing raids OR "military" tal'Jeta in 
North Vietnam. InclucliDg, the port of HalpboJll. and by 
atreactheDilll U.S. air and Dlval forces In Southeast AlIa. Mr. 
Nizon justifies hi. actiOlll by aayiDl, "What we are wltneaalnc 
here. what is being brutally iaftlcted upon the people of South 
Vietnam. is a clear case of wed, unprovokild aggreaaloa 
acroa ID interaational border. Tbere's only one word for it, 
invasion." As Mr. Nizon frequently says. "Let·s look at the 
record." 

Altbougb tile information wu printed quite early in several 
books (Russell, BertraDd. War Crlae. III VIeIIaID. 11167; 
Cameron, James. Here Is Y .... m:-y. 1_; for IWIlple). it 
wasn't until the publication of the p ...... Papen that wide-
spread public attention wu attracted to the origins of U.S. 
involvement In Vietnam. Our fanatical fear of CommuDiam in 
the post World War II period, our aid of the French coIonialistJ 
alainst the government of the Viet Miab (wbicb the Frencb 
had legally recognized In IKe before their agresaion against 
it), the impolition of the regimes of Bao Dai and Diem on the 
VietDlmese people who desired their Independence from 
foreign domination, Diem'. mulal (with U.S. approval I to 
hold the elections provided for in tbe 1154 Geneva agreements 
which would have reunified the temporarily divided country of 
Vietnam, Eisenhower's fear that tile Vietnamese would vote 
for the Communista, the denial of South Vietnamese self-
cietennination, Diem's use of terror to suppress all opposition 
to hi. rqlme. the fonnation of the NLF to oppose Diem's 
tyraany, the subsequent fightinC, the overthrow and 
assassination of Diem by a military coup in Saigon, the heavy 
U.S. involvement in Vietnam. the bombilll of North Vietnam, 
etc., are all well-documented facts . We must stop and ask 
ourselves who bas "brutally inflicted" aggression "upon the 
people of South Vietnam?" 

DIem fte&lme, Ads.,T,...... 

AanuAlrec.'" 
Herman tIleD ,....., ... to documeIIt atrocities committed 

by, bard al it may be for some people to believe. our own 
forces. He quotes a Marine from thec.aru ........... who 
said, '''rn.., ... .,..e die &ernr ......... we 
.... au.. VItaua lUte. tile VIII c-. .... III1e a PI 
... ....'" (p. 411 Herman cites evtclenee of more 
maaucrel IimIIar to My Lai. The civillaa to military 'death 

n~ be quotes al belaglO to 1 in South VietDam. He dllCUsses 
tile U.S. bombiDI of NLF hospitals in South Vietnam and of 
ICboola aDd churches in North Vietnam in "clear violation, •• 81 
Nison would say, of the rules of war agreed upon at the Geneva 
Convention of I... Evidence is given that Wli lilted In Ule 
mapzine as far back al April 7. 11167. eIJIOIilll the use of 
"clUIler bombs" against "military" taraetl. 'Ibia type of 
bomb ~ purely for aatipersonnel purpoaes aad caDDOt destroy 
fact«ies. bridces. and other legitimate military targets. 
Hermaa utes: 
Acc:ordiac to Lee Lockwood (LIe. April. 11171: 

lD Nml VIeama: A. n.e.melll8rJ, John Geraaai 
describes a cIIlId In Hanoi's General"SurPca1 Hospital, 
who 'bad been .truck by a pellet in ODe temple. esitinC 
through tile other bloWing out both eyeballs an the 
proceu; tile child was technically alive, altboup of 
coune blind and incurably ~rallled.' (p. 72-7S1 
Mucb 01 the outrage against U.S. bombiJII ia directed at 
the .. of anUpenonaei bombs - particalarIy ijIe CBU·. 
(cluster bomb unital, canisters which burst ia the air, 
eacb ICIttertag 300 baseball·sized espIoslves which 
detonate oa impact. each ~ayilll blUlClreda of pea-sized 
steel peUeu at hiIb velocity over a Wide area. The 
pellets are coated with napalm and stick when hit ... 
One 18-year-oJd girl had taken a pellet through ber left 
ann. one in her intestine. one through her finger aDd 
lower Up, and one. whicb I could feel with my fi ... er. 
embedded in the heel of ber hand. 
All of thiI it not to mention the use of napalm on "suspected 

C'OIIUIlunilt villlles." the "defoliation" and destnlction or the 
Soutb Vietnamese environment by lethal chemicals. the 
deliberate burning of villages by U.S. troops. tile declaration of 
"free fire mnes" in South Vietnam (When an area was known 
to be devoid of allied supporters it was declared a "free fire 
zone." which meant that it was " legal " to exterminate aDyoae 
found within. including women and children. Herman 
documents several reports of massacres conducted by U.S. 
helicopter machinegunners of peasants at work in their fields 
In sucb zones. I aDd many more atrocities. Again Herman's 
evidence is well-documented. . 

It was the United States that initiated the Diem regime and 
urged it to cancel the 1956 elections. thereby denylJll the right 
of self-determination to the South Vietnamese people. We 
supported tbis dictatorship while it suppressed all opposition in 
Soutb Vietnam. In his book AIrodties Ia . VletlUl (Pilgrim 
Press. 19701 . Edward S. Herman documents maay of the acts Who is the aggressor in South Vietnam? I think the evidence 
of terror employ.ed by the Diem regime and compares them to . shows that the responsibility for aggression lies with tbe 
"Communist" actions of the same period. He states: United States. It was the United States that originally blocked 

There are no dependable quaatilifive estimates of the tbe South Vietnamese people's right of self~etermination by 
extent of terrorism during the Diem period. but there is institutilll and supporting the Diem government against their 
no doubt that both political imprisonments and killilllS will. It is the United States tbat continues to support the 
by the Saigon government ran into the thousands and that corrupt Saigoa regimes. that has allowed these regimes to 
torture was used on a large scale. It was noted above that oppress and terrorize the people of South Vietnam. and that has 
by its own estimate the Diem rqlme had incarcerated itself attempted to tear the very soul out of South Vietnam. 
48.200 alleged Communists between 1!154 and lNO. And yet Nixon speaks ofthe NLF I DRV attempt "to impose 
Estimates of killings by the Diem government's a Communist dictatorship" on the people of South Vietnam 
'security forces ' and secret police range liP to 75.000. but "against their will." (and I thougbt only Prav" used rhetoric 
they can not be regarded as reliable. (p. 23) ' like that! l. He has the gall to say : 

In respOnse to Diem's autocrafic rule. several factions of 
South Vietnamese .... ~m"'" and Communists', formed 
the NLF to overthrow the Diem government and reunify South 
Vietnam with the North. The NLF employed guerilla warfare 
and assassination of people connected with the Saigon 
govel'ilment as their means of overcomilll Diem's oppressive 
policies. The Front grew rapidly because of the popularity of 
its objectives and soon gained the support of the peasants in tbe 
countryside whom Diem was herding into concentration 
camps. otherwise known as "strategic hamlets." 

The situation in South Vietnam eventually deteriorated to the 
point where it was "necessary" for the U.S. government to 
support a coup against Diem to prevent the NLF from taking 
over South Vietnam. The results of the coup are well known. 
Diem was murdered by a South Vietnamese officer. Following 
his death 'South Vietnam went through a succession of 
pumerous military dictatorships. Eventually it was 
"stabilized" under the rule of Premier Kv and later a 
"democracy" was established under the present president. 
Nguyen Van'Ibieu. 

But were conditions any better for the South Vietnamese 
people after Diem? Referring to Edward S. Hennan again. he 
documents the atrocities committed. by the NLF (political 
assassinations and the 1968 Hue "massacre.' · wbich he shows 
was greatly exaggerated by the Saigon government 1 and 
compares them to tbe atrocities of ARVN dootilll. tbe 
torturing and execution of prisoners. destruction of 
"Communist" villages I . The incidents in his book are well-
documented. many coming from reputable U.S. newspapers 
and Congressional hearings. Because of lack of space I cannot 
list the separate examples. but I strongly urge everybody to 
read Herman's book Atreeilies II Vletum (Pilgrim Press. 
Pbiladelphia and Boston. 19701. He concludes his survey by 
stating: 

The evidence would thus seem to SIIpport the view that. 
taklJla ......... s.tII ViebaDlele forces lIMe, a 
greater degree of terror and volume of atrocities are 
attributable to the Saigon government and its allents than 
to the NLF and DRV . This results from the fact that 
terror has generally been employed by the NLF as a 
selective political weapon aimed at U.S.-Saigon 
authority : Saigon atrocities. on the other hand. have 
been a product of attacks by internal mercenary forces. 
with considerable fire-power but minimal mdigenous 
political support. aimed directly at those large parts of 
the population 01 South Vietnam that do not support the 
Sailon pernment. (p. tol 

If the United States betrays the millions of people who 
have relied on us in Vietnam. the President of the United 
States. whoever he is. will not deserve. nor receive. the 
respect which is essential if the United States is to 
cont~ue to p~ay the great role we are destined to play of 
helpIng to bUIld a new structure of peace in the world. It 
would amount to a renunciation of our morality ... I etc .. 
etc.1 . 

We have imposed the dictatorships on South Vietnam. We 
belrayed lile s.~ Vietnamese by supporllq t_e oppresllve 
~"enuaftb. We llave already renounced .... morality; there 
IS none left to renounce. 

We are told about "the inevitable bloodbatb that would 
follow for hundreds of thoosands who have dared to oppose 
Communist aggression," We are not told of the thousands of 
civilians who have died or will die in this brutal war. We are 
III Worm. tMl, at Hemw stales. lile SIipa IOVenlD_I. 
JI. a lillely, if ... III«t", 10 carry ., "reprisal kJlImp" 
apiMt III ...,....u if II ner gaiD" fill eomnI. Herman 
says. "The boodbath argumelt also disregards the fact that in 
the post-Geneva period. as .evidenced by tbe records of the 
International Control CommiSSion, Diem and the 'Free World ' 
forces were far more guilty of illegal reprisals than were the 
North Vietnamese ." (p. 911 A NLF IDRV takeover would 
pouIbly mean deatb to llIany of the collaboraton of the Saigon 
lovernrnent. Continuation of the war will cer1aillly result in 
many more civilian dealhs than any possible reprisals. and 
unfortunately continuation of the war is the endproduct of 
Vletnamization. 

Ne Peete II Vlellllmlza .... 
Vietnamization il not a plan for peace: it only switches tbe 

responsibility of fighting to the South Vietnamese government. 
As Nixon's actions have shown. our air support (and the 
inevitable civilian deaths ~hat follow from itl is needed toprop 
up this relime. It is highly unlikely that it could stand 
completely on its own wit/lOUt U.S. bombs and advisors. We 
will either contilRle to bomb or a NLF IDRV takeover will 
bring peace. 

Nizon continues to hope !or an ··honorable peace ... 'Aith 
South Vietnam and North Vietnam each respecting the other's 
independence," The NLF and DRV will never accept such 
terms. To do 10 would be for them to bow don to tile U.S. 
subversion of the 1154 (ieneY1 agreeme t .. and allow Vietnam 
to be i11epll~ pu11tioned. 

FEIFFER N TIle TRITON TIMES bas learned that. contrary to aD allegation publilhed in a letter to tile editor on May 2, 1m entitled. "Provacateurs on Campus?". John MacGregor and 
Fra. Phillips did ... call the campus police to inform them 01 

's 

0lIl 
SAlUIIDA Y THIOUGHIIJE5OAY 

ALAN ICING'S 
A MARRIED COUPLE 
7,00& 1.2Sp ... ~/1t70 

A CJIIDe1'.8 wale,het 
_ae ....... rn •. 
LEO McCAREY'S 

THE AWrUL TRUTH 1;" p.m.-USA/ltJ7 
Oae 01 tile fiDest 

eomedies of .. 1930' •. 
With Cary GraDt ud 

Mllliilihl 

alCHAR DlA.'S HYP-
NOSIS ANO SElf HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con-
centration. EducotiollQ'l 'ug-
gedion,. weight ,eduction. 
,top 'm~Jtin". 'elollotion. 
athletiu. available at the 
UCSD Boohtore . AI,o Dr. 
o.on', booIts. 
Why Do w. Jump '0 COfld~ 
lions? The Closed ~nd, How 
10 Lessen MiWnders'ondinel. 
Ottd Unders,ondine and /Seine 
Understood. 

Ca teria 
Menu 

&.ginning Monday 5/8 thru Friday 5/12, 
at both Revelle and Muir Cafeterias. 

Complete lunch 95< 
Maya 

ChIIia~ 
GriIecIINocIecI hrII 

Cutlet with Ruffy 
MaIhed 'otat_ 

, ..... c;- Salal-choice 
of .... "S Thousand ls-

land, "-h or 01 a Vi....., 
V ...... bles-choice of 
_ Iutter.d,.. a 
Carro", Com en the 

Barbecued farm4If Style 
Spa"'" 

Grilled SaI8eny S .... 
withmuah __ 
Au Gratin r.ta .... 
Buttered NaacIea. The 
Abow ala cart_95' 
, ...... 0..... 5aIact-

choice of ..... ; 
'heusaneilliancl, "-h, 

Oil Ga Vi...., 

Letters to the Editor 
cob or Cauliflower with 

ct..... .. uce 
V .......... -choiceof_ 

Com Souted O'lrien 
lutter.d Baby ean.ts 
or Mi.ed V ... ""'" 

The Direction 01 Protests 
Editor: 

Arter . seeing the leaflets Qn campus 
condeDllWll "U.S. imperialism" in Vietnam 
and listening to Dr. Lettau's doleful plea to 
"return to tile streeu" duri ... Tuesday night's 
meeting. I feel an important point concerni ... 
the direction of current student protests to tile 
actions in Vietnam sbould be made. While it is 
true. as Dr. Lettau pointed out, that tile 
overwhelmine majority of Americans want 
tile U.S. to unconditionally pull out of Vietnam 
and stop tile bombing, that same majority 
rejects decisively tile ideological imperatives 
wbich have so 10111 emasculated the student 
anti-war movement and prevented its 
translation into effective political action. 

The vat majority of Americans who are 
opposed to the war don't want to "burn Nixon 
in effigy." as Lettau suggested. or overthrow 
tile lovernment. TIley don't care how many 
treatiel the U.S. bas broken. or how 

~riallstic tile U.S. is, or how many war 
crunes tile U.S. bal committed, no matter how 
indicative thelle facts might be of a deeper 
malaile in. American government. 'l'bey are, 
however. tired ofa war which is obviously not 
in tlleir best interelts. 

If we. as ltudents. are to be able to 
effectively coaleace community outrage 
againlt the war. al bas been suggested at 
Tuelday's meeting aDd ellewhere. it will not 
be doDe by puttIJII ourselves in an ideological 
ItraitJacket. We can. if we want. have a 
tremeaclous effect on U.S. policy by'actively 
svpportinc avowed candidates such as Geol'Je 
McGovem wbo are for immediate withdrawal 
from Vietnam, who bave a broad base 01 
political support, and who have a good chance 
for election in November. 

Tom Dilselhorst 
UCSDGrad,1971 

An Open Letter to 
the Policy Maleers of 
UCSD 

Editor: 
RecenUy I have once again fallen victim to 

tile unequal practices of this University as 
l'eIards rracluate studenu and undel'lfaduate 
students. I was completing a take-home quiz 
for one of my biology classes and desired to 
cbeclt out a book from the SIO library. I was 
asted whether I had arra ... ements to check 
beds out from tllere since I was an 
undel'lraduate. I did not have lpeCial 
arra ... emenu at that moment but because I 
worbd at SIO for a year and often checked out 
library boob under my boss'l or my on 
name. the librarian allowed me to cbeclt out 
tile boot. I 1IIed it for one day and fuUy 
intended to return the boot the next day when 

, .,. .. ... 

I came to school. But wben I returned borne I 
received a letter tem... me that as an 
undergraduate I COIIId lOt cbeet out books 
from tile SIO library and if I did not return it 
at once I would be billed ! 

Now this made me very angry! I have as 
much right to education and the means to that 
education as do graduate students. Therefore I 
should not be denied those means. It is time 
that tile undergraduate at UCSD be treated 
equally in such practices as those of library 
UIe instead of belJll the " low man on the totem 
pole." Despite assurancel to the contrary, 
undel'Jraduates are the lowest of the low and 
there is no denyi ... it. This should not be. 
Undel'Jraduates on the whole are just as 
responsible and trustworthy as graduate 
students, and are just as interested in 
furtberiJII their education. So wby is it that I 
cannot use the SIO library or S&E library 
(wbere oniy lraduate students can check out 
journals) or any other facility that my using 
would be reasonable. 

I tbi~ i~ is time suc:h practices be changed 
and I mVlte the Uruversity community to 
comment on this matter. 

Sharon Allenstein 
Senior, Biology major 

Nazi Sympathizer? 
Editor: 

May 9 
s,a.hetti with Meat 
Sauce a Garlic T_t 

KnocIc-wUt'l' with laked 
lean, 

Toued Green Salad 
choice of "'Ii. 

Thousanellsland. French 
Oil a VI .... 

v .......... cheice of 
_ lutter.d N_ Pea, 
with peart onions, Lima 
leo", • Whole Kernel 

Com 

May 10 
Creamed Ham with 1IIt-.cl 

Mush_,....,ed on 
w ....... 

IarIMcued .... en a lun 
with Ftench Fries 

'...d 0-SaIad-
cheIce .. chllintt: 

n..u.-.t hIancI, French, 
., 011 & Vinetar 

V ...... w..-choIce of 
_ Marinated MI_ 
v .......... , luttet.cl 
SplNCh with chepped 
..... N.w'_ond 

m"""-
I am writine to express my extreme diSiust 

and anger at the actions of a UCSD student 
Jobn MacGregor, who on May 2 lowered ~ ~ on Revelle plaza to haH-mast. presumably May 11 
In memory of the late chancellor of Gennany Het .... Soncfwlch with 
durinC 11132. Franz Von Papen. who died on Mwn f"IYY 
thll day in 1111. Certainly Mr. MacGrtlor C-WnatIen Me.1ean Plate-
must be aware ~t it was Von Papen who ,_, Inchil"., Retried 
dissolved the Reicbstag and lifted the ban on ..... s,.niIh N~li stonn troopers. secreUy joining forees So'- s..-.. a 
WIth Hitler to become his vice-chancellor in a '-.d 0-Salad ct .. l~. 
new ~overnment in January <If 103. In 11134, ......... ,heutonct 
Von apeD WIS lent a a sp'ecial envoy to Itlanci. french ef 01 a 
Austria to prepare the way for the I_ Nazi v-.... 
annention. Arter World War II. Von Papen V .......... - choIce .. _ 
was bf'O\llht before the Nurembel'l court and 
WIS sentenced to elcbt years for bis war ~ a.c:-s::""' .. ~ 
crunes. 

While Mr. MacGrtlor may identify wiUt with ...... 

Comple .. Din"" S 1.25 

Grilled 'ork Chapi a 
Apple Sa_ 

lea •• Sittain of .... 
with lanlelaile 50_ 

Overbrown "tat_ or 
Canelled Yams 

,he alto" ala c..n. 95' 
Tntad 0..... 5aIact-

makeof ....... 
'hovlDnei hIancI, "-ch, 

Oil a Vinet-
V ..... w..: cheice .. _ 

Fresh lucchinni, Har-
vard ..... , orW ..... Iu...,... c:on. .. 

Grilled Staal! with 
Fried onien Ii ... 

IutterecI MaahecI PotatMI 
,he Ahove .. corte-95' 
TIIIad 0..... w.ct-
choice .......... 

'heuaancI hIoncI, "-ch, 
. Oil a Vinet-

v ..... bIes-Chaice .. 
_: Coullflaw. with 

c"-- lOuce, Lima ..... 
... Suc ...... 

Comple .. DIn"" S 1.25 

'eriyald Staak with,... 
Chicken ,apri ...... with 
1vtteNd ........ 

,he alto" ala .... 95' 
TOMed Green Salad cheke .. 
....... " 'housa .... hIancI, 

"-nch, Oil a Vinep 
v .... ablea-ch06c. ...... : 
Cern on the Celt, lvtteNd 
,_ a Cone".1roccaIi 

with cheeaa .. _ 
Comple" 01_ S 1.25 

Voa Papen's political philosophy (as his May 12 
actions on tile nicbt of April2i6as described in 0rII.d leuben Sonclwich on ,..tied Rounder with M~_L 
laat 1'IteIdaY'I TRITON TIMES wouid - ...... 
indicate - exhorting a lroup of studenu to 'urhy c';:': with lie. ,..,. in cream -
bunt and stone the Chancellor's house) I ,.... FrMcI tr.adecI Shrimp with 
personally feel that he has no right to ~ , __ 0- SoIad-cheb of coclrtail .. _ 
his poli~cal !Jeliets on t,tte ueso community. .......I~. Theutand Fried lice or FNnch Friet 
and University rtlulataons substantiate this -........,.: llionel, 'he at." ala COI'te 95' 
fact. I would only hope that University Fr.MhorOia Vinetar TOMedG.....SaIacI-ch06c. 
administrators would be as strict in V .... III.~i."_ MInIl.bMtl, 
dilciplininc Mr. MacGrqor as they have been "'"--d Coull .... , New "-nch, Oil a V ..... 
in similar instances f'egardlJll students of , ... with P..t V ... ' II... dIIb ...... : 
different political persuasion. i.e., those 0nIent. Zucdlln"' .. ute. IvtteNd IIvweI Sprwtw. 
studenu who disrupted the Ashbrook speech. Sliced ...... . .... 

ClrolynGrey - pseudonym ec .... Cern 
(name witheld by request) 'MMWMflWWWMWWlMc.."'Vm,,"'w.te~DIn~_~"'wS~1.;25M-J 

friday, May.5, 1972 Triton Times PQge S 



.m ..... tile importance of an "honorable peace" in 
to lower the risk of future wars and to allow 

• __ il.tlA'~~ to live in peace. He emphasizes that these 
gelllel1ltia1l11 not be forced to fight in any more Vietnams. 

araum- contains the fallacious assumption that 
Commllllilt agression started the Vietnam war and that if 
Cornmlllilt aaressors win. they will be encouraged to try 
again ellewbere. In fact U.S. subversion and intervention is 
mainly responsible for the Vietnam war. There would be no 

for the U.S. to fight any further Vietnams if it would 
ita foreign policy of intervention into the internal 

of otber countries. Vietnam has been a black spot in 
bistory and has made us look verv bad in the eyes of 

of our allies. After the destruction we have wrought in 
I lind it hard to believe that any government "'III Ille 

llleresll of III CltizeDI ID mlDd would request full U.S. 

What must we. the people of the United States do? It is 
to work for the end of the Vietnam war. not just a 

of fighting . as soon as possible. Thi" means a 
of the bombing of North Vietnam and the withdrawal 

.... '.ri .. D" forces. We must accept the fact that allowing a 
peaceful Vietnam is the greatest fa vor we can perform 

It must be recognized that even a 
government can do some good for its populace. as 

we may hate to admit it. In fact a British journalist 
Cameron who visited North Vietnam in 1965 sa id 

Here Is Your Enemy that the North Vietnamese 
to be happier and more united than when he was there 

colonial times. 
!trl~sS4!d that the North Vietnamese were desirous for 

he was surprised by publ ic demonstrations with 
honoring "The good and peace· loving people of the 

States." At the time of his visit in 19ffi the people of 
were convinced that peace demonstrations in 

showed widespread discontent with U.S. policies. They 
that the U.S. people were basically good and against 

.S. government's criminal schemes. Perhaps bv now we 
bombed that attitude out of them. 

Americans Good, but Naive 
however . sti ll think that the American people are good. I 
t believe that this is a " facis t" country as some leftists 

. I do not thi nk that the public would have consented to 
escalal",on of the Vietnam war if thev had known who we 

and what we were doing in Vietnam. The 
of our crimes existed earlier as has been shown in 

If we had looked. we would have seen. However we 
put our trust in administrations that continued 
policies and that trampled our trust into the dirt. 

example of possible government lies is the Defense 
's statement saying that no B·52 bombers had been 
to date. This statement circulated throuih the 

e 
Amorphous 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT D ~S(OUNTS 

7717 FAY 459·7355 

Ii!r 
THE IJEilTLES' 

LAST "CTUII SHOWI 
..... n _ un(auJlMCI 

'1 lei fU 11) LlUY "'SIIM, nc 
Olin., t _1ttI U VI SHMIIM 
'II.·SAT.·SUN. 

Pacifl. c_., Hwy ... ' 'D' S •. 
I n.:,, ;' ... . 753-4397 

I'fOl'lf I I JO Q1HI.S3Oc 
S"OWS .aT 130 1000 

• 
MON. t h"" ,"UlS. 

UQTS _ "*"Of'(, IMI 00'1( 
" I"';" 19; II;R~")f'RI\ 

UIRI\ 80C~RO r. 
1ft I ,wi",.", l -t"lI Ph"' . "",'Irlm" •• 

_ 11· ... I·l'"h ,,(lu'''II I111 III,.d'N'jUu\ 

A NEW CABARn OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT •• , 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAllYFROM 11:00. 
UNTIL 2:00 .n. 

4970 VOlTAI .. OCIAH HACH 
(714) 223-9773 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, May 5, 1972 

papers at the beginniag of the preHl\t bombinc of North 
Vietnam. However James Cameron claims that durilll his visit 
to North Vietnam in 1M he saw the wreckate of a 8-52 about 
forty miles south of Haipbong. (p. lot-lOl l 

It is evident that we can no longer trust the present 
administration to end the war In Vietnam. This administration 
continues to bomb and destroy. On the ground it only transfers 
the fighting to other hands. 

Vietnamese are human beings. whether they live in the 
North or South. They will continue to suffer and die as long as 
we remain in Vietnam. The people of the United States have 
the power through the use of their votes to prevent this brutal 
and sadistic killing. I hope that we will use it this November. 
Only a short trip to the polls by every American can change the 
history of the world . 

Sources : 
< All these books. particularly Herman·s. are highly 

recommended reading.) Cameron. James. Here II VOlir 
EDemy. New York : Holt. Rinehart and Winston. 1966. Herman. 
Edward S. Atrocities ID VleiDam. Philadelphia : Pilgrim Press. 
1970. Russell . Bertrand. War Crimes iD VletDaDl, New York : 
Monthly Review Press. 1967 .• And a concern for human 
decency. 

COMING SOON" 
the 

- . 

EXTRAVAGANZA 
MAY 9th thru 12th 

drast ic reductions 
a I I on 

merchandise 
boo k s 

PRIZES TOO! 
come ina nd reg i ster 
uni versity bookstore 

f'"'"'.:LAW'"iiUDE'iii""""1 
~l~ REGISTER NOW' FOR THE OCTOBER lSAT REVIEW l 
::: COURSE TO MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT SCORE. Instruction ;::: 
;::' exclusively in exam taking techniques used successfully :~:: 
;::: by California pre·law students. Taught in San Diego by ;::: 
:::: practicing lawyers. Cost: $75. ;:;: . 

:~:: c.. .. fer OCTO ... ZI LSAT starts OCTO ..... FOR ; ~;: 
:::: CO.,un OCTOII. ; ::~ 

~:~ IIFORMATlOII, CALL TODAY. (JI3) 655.8046. : ~:: 
::::::.:::::::::::::.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:::.:::::.:::;:;:::.:::::.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::: 

To and from Lot ArIgeIeI, Ian francleco. 
IacfllMlllo. Ian DIego. Ian .... MIMe!. 
lIoA,wood-lurbank, Ontario. and Long 1NdI, 

Sharing any of PSA',leo daily flightl iI. gas. And 
with our low air fa,.., ftying PSA il/l't a whole lot 
more expenlive tIIIn hitching. Atryway it·, hard 
to get • ride on tile runway. So why not Itick 
your thumb in thI phone 11IIIMd. and d'-l .. for 
• rlHMtion? .. 

.... J'i!IU. 

• 

~ ................ ~ 
• PREPARATION FOR SUMMER • 

• LSAT • 
• • 
• GRE ATGSB • 
• NOW EN ROLliNG • e . P r~Dara t.on 10f lest, 'fqlltrtd 'or _om iSS ion 10 e 
• 

POi' Qr ... dvate SChoo ls • 
• S k \6S .OO COvrsl'S \mdller qrovp!t 

• 

• Unl,,,, tflJ tdPe Insons lor rh '~ • 
• COvrsf' ·'·Mt' ·a l consl,nll., ,,!)dated e · "'c'~e \Iudy '"n ate r a l prep'red bv f'kprr" ,n fie" f.eld e 

• STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ S,ne. 1938 • 
• IN SAN DittO A"u (71~) 27~-96,o • 
~ ................ ~ 

Ruggers 
Lose .. . 
c.. ... .,... .... el 
ruggers <they 'd played 
tocether once before) and 
watched and even good· 
naturedly cheered as Phoenix 
Rugby Club came away with 
an unimpressive win but an 
impressive bar bill . 

We first met the Phoenix 
ruggers at a friendl y 
establishment and got psyched 
for the game early (not to 
mention passing out early). 
Their scrum averaged 220 
pound while our well·fed. tough 
scrum barely managed a 170 
pound average. But our spirits 
were elevated to see the 
prospective rugby field under 
two inches of water. It seems 
that their local farmers were a 
little mixed up and irrigated 
the rugby field. We readied 
ourselves for a frolicking game 
in the mud or how to have all 
the fun of a game ill the rain 
without the rain. 

But to our dismay. anotber. 
more solid field wal procured. 
and a disheartened bunch of 
UCSD rugers went to see the 
dry field. After another boor of 
delay, the time came to play 
rugby ; two hours later. UCSD 
was ready to play. too bad the 
game had ended 30 minutes 
ago, 10-6. 

Even though we were at a 
slight di sadvantage. we 
jumped to an early first half ~. 
.() lead. as "Parnelli" Kaplan 
was shoved over the goal for a 
try. And with old·man Sertic 's 
toe-shot we reformed to 
receive their kickoff. The first 
half was highlighted by John 
Ringwood's attempt to see how 
many rugby balls he could kick 
over the fence (unofficial 
count-l13 times ) and as the 
scrum kept dragging in and the 
backs kept tackling UCSD kept 
its fM) edge at half. 

During the second half. 
Phoenix began to play 
deceptively. as they pointed out 
one of their outstanding 
features prevalent at Arizona 
State University. and while we 

(<<!HI'. OD Dell 

BODY KOVERS 
,.. Nsf Hie"". I. N •• C ... " 

1448 Camino De' Mar D.' Mar 
755·3557 

LEO 
944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

GR~~~~~~~IES 488-3353 
FOOLS FOR SCANDAL (1938) 

Carol. Lombard, Ralph BtUamy 
7:00& 11:00 

(;o-HIT 
THE U FE 0' EMILE ZOLA (1937) 

Paul Muni, Gale Sondergaard 
9:00 

STARTS SAT. 5 /6 
BEA(} GESTE (1939) 

Gary Cooper, Ray Milland 
7:00 & 11:00 

(;O·HIT 
DESTR), RIDES AG""'" 
Marlen. Dietrich, Jam .. St.wart 

Mon.-Thurs. 7 & 9 9:00 Fri. & Sat. 7,9, & 11:00 
SUNDAY MATINH 3:00 & 5:00 Eve, 7& 9 Adm. $1.50 
~IIIIIIIIIII 1111'01111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 111111 1II1I1II1II1I1II1I1I1l 

I A.S. MOVIES 
friday nite 

IN IHE HEAI or the NIGHT 
7:30 & 10:30-USB 2722-50 t 

saturday nite 
DARLING 

PLUS! 

THE SHOP on MAINSIREET 
~ 7:00 & 10:30-USB 2722-$1.00 
~ ALSO FRIDA Y NITE-anomaly factory 
I MARAT SADE I 
I 7:30 & 9:30 -
I Entertainment both nites I at the COFFEE HUT 
I 51.05 ... SPAGHEffi SPECIAL include. ICllad & bread 
....... ' ...... 111 rllillitllllili. II 

Rugby ... 
C.draeA from Pile I 
did an "eyes right," they did an 
"exit stage left" to score. Not 
long after on a questionable 
move Phoenix squirmed in for 
another try. The score was now 
UHi and might have been 12-6 
had not our own leapin' Keith 
Kaplan soared high into the air 
to barely block a kick that was 
10 yards short <good work 
Keith ). 

The UCSD team started to 
pin a IitUe life as they stopped 
three five yard pushes by 
giving the Phoenix runner an 
"el rollo" treatment to keep 
him from scoring, but UCSD 
still couldn 't procure another 
score. For the most part 
everyone was apathetic about 
the outcome as " Butterball" 
Gates had surfing on his mind ; 
Lance and Liebow. partying on 
theirs ; and Dick Ostrup had 
his mind on other things. But 
even thouRh UCSD lost and 

played a poor game. for the 
last game of the year. no one 
saw it so they can 't say 
anything. Until next year when 
rugby and my articles will 
awake again at UCSD. See ya! 

The 
Amorphous 

is 
Coming . 

.(; f;~~ ~~~\\ .:' Before buying, let your !.~~o1~ Credit _Union test your new 
'V car's loan interest 

performance. 
This simple road 100t can s...e you money. And the 
money you 51"" 1>1 finanCl"1 th' ''''lh YOU' Cred,t UnlOll 
tan .Iso be realized on mobile homes. t, .... 1 t,.ilors . 
trucks and campo" 00 trucks wilen tinanced IS 
pert 01 the """itl •. 
c.tl toda, fO( information about C,edit lJnion Auto 
flnancinc Ind OlIr fr .. loan protection Insurance. 

O!J~[§ 
_. UNIVERSITY 80 STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION ' 

MH ..................... Ditp. c.a.tornt. 'ZIIO· I"hItMI Z97 JIJI 
SI'l Cot6III~, a.n o..a-. CMifot .... HIlS ' II'MfIe H6-4:UO 

Serv.ng Icademoe and Sioff employee. 81 UCS D La Jolla campus. S I 0 . PI Lorn. and San V .. dro Heallh Cltnlc 

presents 
THE FLEXIBLE· 

DISCOUNT COUPON 
$1.00 off on $5.00 purchase 

$2.00 off on $10.00 purchase 
$3.00 off on $15.00 purchase 

ETCETERA! 
This coupon good for 

20 
on purchase of $5.00 or more 

until June 21, 1972 
... or the Summer Solstice 
(whichever comes first, 

. Merchandise purchaMd must be regularly priced. 
No $CI1e items. One coupon per customer. 

5663 Balboa, Clairemont 
1333 Rosecrans, Pt. Loma 
1823 Garnet, Pacific Beach 

PDstor Discusses Views of Self 
Chuck Graham 

"We have three possi ble ways of looking at 
ourselves - through our own eyes. as we see 
ourselves : as others see us : and finally. as we 
rea llv are - as God sees us ." 

With these words campus pastor John 
George Huber began a discussion entitled 
"Mystery and Meaning in Christ's Death and 
Resurrection" before a small audience last 
Tuesday evening at University Lutheran 
Church. The talk was the fourth in an eight· 
part weekly series entitled " A Religious 
Quest." 

One good way of seeing ourselves as God 
sees us, says Pastor Huber, is to look at the 
Ten Commandments. ' 'I'm not treating the 
Ten Commandments as a moral code. but 
rather as a mirror. a diagnostic code by which 
we may evaluate ourselves." 

The ~onclusion that must be reached after 
examining the Ten Commancments. believes 
Pastor Huber . is not an encouraging one. 
"None of us have kept the law. All along the 
way we can see shortcomings. The results are 
everywhere - a sick family . a ick society. a 
sick· nation. a sick world . Just read any 
newspaper . " 

"Onl y one wav ." said Pastor Huber. "exists 
to solve this dilemma - and that 's Jesus 
Christ. That's what Jesus is all about - not 
only a savior (or Heaven and eternal 
feliowshij> with God. but also for pulling the 

self outward. Jesus gives us the capacity to 
love. to invest our live in the betterment of 
others. As Martin Luther said. 'Christlan 
theology is the theologv of the Cross.' Jesus IS 
the focus of the Christian faith ." 

Pastor Huber drew a comparison between 
Christ 's death and that of Martin Luther King . 
"Just as King's death had redemptive value 
since it showed the ultimate folly of Inter· 
racial strife. so too Chnst's death had 
redemptive value bv showing that when God 
finallv entered historv. man preferred to shun 
the light and retreat' lnlO the darkness. That 
really savs a lot about our human condition." 

" However." said Pastor Huber. .. through 
Christ's death we are brought into a loving 
relationship with God - reunited with Him by 
faith . As we experience His love. so we can 
reach out and love our neighbor." 

"You can 't approach It logically. 
standards:' Pastor Huber noted. 
Christ 's Resurrection ... It·s a mystery 
the ew Testament writers had to deal 
But for me. among the greatest ev 
it are the changes made in the 
disciples·become·apostles after 
whose reverberatIOns continue 
present day. all over the world . To the 
[ say keep an open mind - keep as open 
God 's love as vou are to that of another human 
being. In the ' environment of faith . faith 
happen ... 

Cll~BING FOOTAGE 115) 

~MOVIES by Frtd PoduJa A work In prog,ess Documenwy of • 3 min .seenl up the she .. 'e'lIc.1 f.ct of EI ('lplI.n In 
Yosemue. 

I.DOf(JNGAT Tn 
GJIUrUT SJIOWI 
rJlEMSTZO 

.JI1DCINC 
NUDIST 
coU»lr 

.IEAI11T, 

t:I MI1CR MOU 
@the \bMIerful waterBed a Week Contest from: 
11,.rll.lllr.I •• I' 

Records and Comlx from: 

THE SUN'S GONNA SHINE (10) 
by Lts Blank 

Tht same slyit used in The Bluts Accordin' To 
Li,llIIun' HopklftJ IS clrntd oVtr to Ihas shuller 
complnion film Iiso on Hopkins who sings and raps 
Ibout how ~ hen ht was eIght. ht left homr to hop 
• freil/ll trlln 10 frttdom 

LOVE IT. LEAVE ITCIS) 
by Tommy CIIi<1CO 

In winch Iht mlgrt of Ihe came," m.kes II IPpU' 
IS If Mayo, Ooley IS Judglnla nudISt .'Cluny beauty 
conlUl ThIs film ,uffirms you, flllh In Ihe absurd· 
Ity of conltmporary 1t.IIIY . 

TELEVISION LAND (121 
by Cllarlts Bravtnnan 

Commu","lIon. tXpt' 1S now call TV "an exltnSlon 
of tht ne"oul syslem" and IhIS rtmlrkable 20 
yur reVltw Will lemlnd you "wllh WII and humor" 
why you've betn Slrung out III these )elrs Millon 
Iltrlt . Ma,"n " LtWI$. Howdy Doody. Pt rry Mason. 
Amos .. Andy. SId ('.tsar and lmogtne Coca. elC . 
elC., etc 

ONCE UPO A PRIME TIME (16) 
by'''' ational ram Boo,d of Canada 

UVlnl1 Smudp- IS confronted wnh TV chuJclen 
IUYln, lht sel . enlerlng her houst . and wreaking 
havoc unul finally 

MAKI G OF A LIVE TELEVISIO SHOW (26) 
by Chari .. Bnvmnan 

A fasCln'lm~ bthmd·lh<·scrnes VICW of Ih. 1971 
Emmy Award Show A J way .phl screon makfs 

poSSIble 10 stt ."null.neously Ihf Golddlgg<rs 
I ,.h .. ,,,n. Ihe Irve b'J)3dcasl .nd Ih. drrcclor Cllhng 

Friday, May 5, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 • 



Mlc"""n 
will .. taught 
Gellckl In the 
IftItftute, 2-5 p.m. A review 
MIllon It KM*Jltd In the 
evening, 7:»1:30 p.m. 
foItGwId by I Belkin .,.rty 
... turlng IIv. YugosIlv!en 
folk music by the kine 
Kele & Folk Ensemble. 
8eglnn.r dlncers Ire 
IIPICIIUy welcomed. For 
Infarmltlon cell JIm. X2," 
«Geoff, 755-2359. 
CHEMISTRY MAJORS 
MEETING: Tbe 
deplrtmentll mljors 
meeting for Chemistry Is 
~ sdMIdultd for tonight at 7:30 

In USB 2622. 

glorious, 
ndous, colossal 
ce-F Iction Ind 

Club meets today 
at 4 p.m. in 

(Yes, Pat, 
may be Sirians!) 

Folk Dancing Club 
sors the Yugoslav 

I nstltute Balkan 
In the gym, 6-8. 

Croatian and 
"'cedelnian village dances 

will be t.ught by Bora 
G_lIckl in the afternoon 
I"stltute, 2-5 p.m. A review 
I 

session Is Kheduled In the 
evening, 7:30-1:30 p.m. 
followed by I Bllkln pertv 
f_turlng live Yugosllvlln 
folk music by the kine 
Kele & Folk Ensemble. 
aeglnner dlncers .re 
especlillY welcomed. For 
Information call Jim, X26M 
or Georff, 755-2359. 

sunday 
Attention all students who 
Ire Interested In worl\lng to 
Inform the Amerlcln people 
lbout the barbaric nature of 
the Vietnam war: We 
believe th.t many people in 
the U.S .• re unlwlre of the 
.trocltles thlt have been 
Ind .re being committed in 
Vietnam. This is evidenced 
by the strong primary 
support for candidates such 
as Richard Nixon and 
George Wallace. If the 
American people re.lly 
knew the type of policies 
that these men represent, 
we feel that they would vote 
them out of power. We feel 
th.t many more people can 
be converted to the anti-war 
movement if they are made 
aware that the Vietnam war 
Is an atrocity against the 
Vietnamese people and not 
a crus~de for anti-
communism. A meeting of 

announcements 
General 

Venereal Disease can be 
prevented! Condoms and 
foam are available at cost 
at the Student Health 
Center, 302 MC. 

UCSD Student Health 
Service Birth Control Clinic 
is available to the 
university community by 
appointment Monday and 
Wednesday even ings. For 
information call daytime 
453-2000, ext. 1346. 

Senator McGovern needs 
both campus and precinct 
workers now! If you are 
i nterested, call Hank 
Steiman at 453-7393. UCSD 
STUDENTS FOR 
McGOVERN. 

The International Club of 
UCSD announce', a Fund 
Raising Dinner t·o be hfold 
Saturday, May 6, 1972 at 6 
PM at the I nt~r'national 
Center, Matthew.; Campus. 
Featuring IntHftational 
cuisine, Po , ynesian 
Dancers, music. jlA.sters of 
Ceremony - Sa" Hinton, 
Folk Singer. Tickets · Single 
57 .50 - Couple S12.S0. 
Students can obtain tickets 

l provided you cook a dish for 
15 people. All proceeds to 
the I nternltlonal Center are 
tax deductible. Call ext. 
19412, for further details. 

Muir Commuter lockers are 
still available from the Muir 
Dean's Office. The lockers 
are S1.00 for Spring quarter. 
A duplicate Bridge tour-
nament will be held every 
Sunday at 7:30 in the South 
Dining Hall. Information-

·Barry-4S3-0886. 

Contrary to Popular Belief, 
UCSD does have an archery 
range which is now located 
about 200--300 yards north of 
Muir parking lot just off N. 
Torrey Pines Rd. (really 
close). Equipment can be 
checked out at the cage in 
the gym. 

The Muir College Student 
Graduatil''' Committee is in 
the process of collecting 
suggestions and donations 
from Muir College seniors 
for the senior class gift. 
Suggest i ons and SI 
donations will be collected 
in the Office of the Muir 
College Dean, at tables 
which will be set up at noon 
May 3rd through May 9th in 
the Muir Commons or by 
members of the committee 
in person. Suggestions for 
possible free entertainment 
for the precommencement 
activity are also needed and 
can be offered at any of the 
above locations. The Muir 
College Student Graduation 
Committee: Bob Thornhill, 
Diddo Clark, Howard Eno, 
Jerry Turner. 

If you have questions about 
how to fill out the new 
AMCAS application, come 
to the Revelle College 
Informal lounge Saturday, 
May 20,9 :30·11 :30 a.m ., or 

T~esdIY. Mav 30, 7-9 p.r:n . 
Bring the applicaflon, 
questions, and if possible, 
copies of transcripts from 
all colleges attended. Do not 
mail the applic.atlon until 
AMCAS has received 
official transcripts from all 
colleges including the 
Spring 1972 transcript from 
UCSD. If you have received 
the application from 
AMCAS, start now order ing 
transcripts from schools 
other than UCSD to be sent 
directly to AMCAS . 

.. Page 8 Triton Times Friday, May 5, 1972 

classifieds personal 
for sale 

conc:erned student. will 
tiki place tonight It 7 p.m. 
In the periodical sect 10ft of 
the CentrllLlbrlry to blgln 
work on this prolect. For 
Informltlon call David 

Krlstoffer~n at 453-0735. 

lost & found 
One lIon·llke mouse catcher 

For SaIe-'61 VW Bug, good and one cuddly cat 
condition; S4000r best offer. LOST: Glasses. Brown (Persians), ntld a 
~1910 (5/5) amber plastic frame. temporlry home • board 

arown lei"'" else. Plelse paid 755-0651 Ifter 5:30. 
c11l6Wl7 .. Iny hour. (5/9) -

tuesday 
CHEMISTRY MAJORS 
MEETING: The 

Adldls SL·72 Cross country 
flits. size. Used once, S12. 
.t53-9392, Krls (5/5) 
1,..2 CAD. HEARSE 
EXLNT MECH CONDo 
250.00 OR BEST OFFER 
...... 2IJIM (5/5) 

Clrcullr sllderule LOST 
Wed, April 26 In Rm 3070 
USB. CIII72N349 (5/5) 

WANTED: Someone with 
beekeeping equipment · 
Including extrlctor - CIII 
John 225-1409 (5-5-nl Department ma lors meeting for Chemistry Is 

scheduled for tonight at 
7:30p.m. In USB2622. FOUND: One pllr of sunglasses by Revelle 

Clfeterl •. Call Larry at 4S3-
8651 (519) housing National Black Science 

Students Organization -
meeting tonight at 6 .- 11th 
floor Tioga. All Black 
students interested In any 
aspect of science are 
welcome. 

Female upper division 
student looking to sublet In 
lpartment In the Coast or 
Mesa complex for entire 
summer. Please contact 
Clrrle at 453-8722. (S/12 ) 
SURFBOARDS-4-sale-6'3" -
S15 & SSS 7'."-S25-pan 
755 - 7368 after 6. (5/5) 

LOST: Dark brown wallet 
In second floor Bonner 
washroom. I need the ID's, 
no questions asked. Call4S3-
5209 (5/9) 

Rmmate needed for 
September own rm., ocn 
view. Prefer femal •. For 
more Info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

WANTA TAKE A TRIP? In 
a '71 VW Camper ... Ready 
to go! Fully equipped. 276-
65,., (5/5) 

. SerVICeS 
The Christian Science 
Organization will hold its 
regular weekly meeting 
tonight at 7 p.m. in the 
Blake Conference Room. 
All students and faculty 
members are cordially 
Invited to attend. 

1965 MGB, IXcelitnt 
condition, NEW TOP AND 
UPHOLSTERY. Nights 453-
6493 (5/5) 

Typing. Electric 

Going to UCSD next year & 
looking for roommate(s) to 
share a place in I.V. Let's 
get together &. discuss 
possibilities. Howard 453-
9OUF-nTloga. 

typewriter. Work 
gUlranteed. "53-8148. (5112) 

Here it is, the first of the 
year. You've got those 
old Spring-Quarter-
Where-Am-I-Going-To-
Llve?·blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you're 

lacan 
live 
as 
chea 
as 
one. 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... Iike fully built-in kitchens, 
terrific bedrooms, carpetIng, drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And, perhaps 
best of all, all of this Is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one ... and after all , 
aren't two heads better than one? 


