
'GOP Convention To Be Or Not To Be? 
Triton Time. Communal Effort 

ne .,. ... Icu NaU .... Coav._ is .. jeepardy .f ... 
be", MI ... Sa DIep, aM Tria.. Times learned last night 
from an informed source. 

Problems involving construction of facilities and financial 
difficulties have.fo~ed th~GOP ~ recopsider their decision to 
hold the conventIon 10 San DIego, It was learned. 

A ~.e~a.n fo~ GOP convention headquarters a~ the Royal 
Inn saId, It IS still unknown whether the conventIon will be 
held in San Diego, No definite decision has been reached." 

Floyd Morrow of the San Diego City Council told the Tria.. 
Times that he and Jim Bates, another city councilman, will 
make a proposal to the City Council askinll that the city 
withdraw its financial support of the convention, an amount 
totalling .,000.00. 

Rear Admiral Leslie Gehres, the GOP's County Chairman 
here said he saw the convention's primary obstacles as the 
money raised by the city and the arena needed to readied for 
the convention. "People have expressed doubts that the arena 
will be ready in time, but the contractor said it could be done " 
Gehres said. "I'll be very surprised if there's a change in 
location at this late date, " remarked Gehres in closing. 

Mike Haggerty, City Editor of the MIami BeraN. told tbe 
TrltGe TilDes in a telephone interview, "There's been nothing 
but talk here for days on the ~ssibility of the Republicans 
moviJII their conventIon here. The only problem is that the city 
of Miami has already 81edged most of its money to the 
Democrats." About San iego failures and Miami triumphs in 
convention planning, Haggerty said, "San Diego simply does 
not have the pr~red facilities for a Convention of thIS size. " 
Haggerty adCled that GOP oUicials are presently in Miami 

Volume 16, Number 8 

dickering with Miami city government about holding the 
convention there in August. 

In a bylined story in yesterdays Evea1a, Trl'*H. Governor 
Reagan was quoted as saying, " Anyone who would rather 
spend August in Miami rather than August in California has got 
to be out of his mind. " 

A secretary for San Diego Mayor Pete Wilson told reporters 
"The mayor is hopeful that the convention will still be held in 
San Diego. " 

A member of the Eveaia& Tri .... e staff told the Tritoa Times 
that he believed more time was needed to prepare the facilities 
at the Sports Arena and that the owner, Peter Graham, a 
Canadian, has refused to allow the GOP more time to make 

e 

1 
University of California, San Diego 

their preparations because of other commitments he has had to 
make. Graham has scheduled a rock concert for July 22. 

The Tribuae staffer added that the labor problems 
presenting themselves in the form of paying workers overtime 
was another setback. Other reasons given by the TribaDe 
concerning the possible conventlon move included lack of 
sufficient funds, lack of hotel rooms for conventioneers, and 
the bad publicity following the fIT imbroglio. 

Michael O'Donnell of fhe Committee for the Reelection of 
the President stated, " All I can tell you is that San Diego has 
the housing accommodations and the necessary money (or the 
convention ... but the arrangements are still pivotal on Peter 
Graham." 

Burt Wallrich of the San Diego Convention Coalition, a group 
that has been plannin~ for demonstrations during the 
Convention said, "I can t speak for the Coalition, but my 
personal opinions, that if the convention moves, it 's a 
tremendous victory for the people ... 

The Miami City Council will meet today in order to submit a 
bid for the Convention to the GOP National Committee. 

NEWS ANALYSIS 

The fact that the GOP National Committee is in Miami now. 
asking for a bid from the Miami City Council for the 
Convention, and that no firm settlement has been reached with 
Peter Graham concerning the modifications of the Sports 
Arena, indicates that the Republican Party will take the 
convention to Miami. 

Friday, April 21 , 1972 

National Strike Materializes in Wake of North Vietnamese Bombings 
• E 

~ 
• 2 

1 
.. 

Route of tomorrow's scbeduled anti-war march iD Los ADleles. 1. Assembly area, Wilshire and Bronson, 10 a.m. 
2. March clowa Wilshire, 11 a.m. 3. RaUy at MacArthur Park, 1 p.m. 

Berkeley ~taff Strikes Over Salary 
John MacGregor 

Monday morning at 7. 2000 
out of the 16.000 non-academic 
employees of the University of 
California at Berkeley went on 
strike demanding higher pay. 
the right to collective 
bargaining. and reform of the 
gnevance procedures. 

The employees are asking for 
a pay raise from the present 

12.500 per year. to $15.900 
per veal' (more than the 
beg i~ning wage for an 
associate profeSSOr! . They are 
also asking that a neutral 

arbitrator settle grievances. 
rather than the chancellor who 
now has the final decision in 
labor disputes. Finally. the 
employees are asking that they 
be recognized as a union. and 
given the right to collective 
bargaining. This demand stem 
from a law which prohibits 
state employes from going on 
trike. 
Twenty -five union s are 

presently Involved In the 
strike. including the entire 
memberships of the BUilding 
and Trade unions. the cu todial 

union. the food handler , and 
the printers union . 

Other unions. including a 
local truckers union . are 
upporting the striker by 

refusing to cros the picket 
lines. Several hundred student 
are also manning the picket 
lines but clas es are being held 
and attendance i normal. 

Dorm services. the 
undergraduate library . and 
garbage collectIOn have been 
especia lly affected by the 
strike. The library topp d 
checking out book . the food 

services hav e been 
discontinued, and garbage i 
piling up. Police and faculty 
members have been een 
collecting the garbage. 

The niver ity ha obtained 
a restraining order calling the 
striker back to work. But the 
stTike i continuing With people 
withholding services on an 
individual ba i . 

According to reports from 
th Dally Californ ian. th 

Olver Ity i hiring tTike 
breaker to perform "e sential 
se rvice . 

Muir, Revelle "Patriotically" Decorated 
Steve Brault 

Thursda~' morning students 
and visitors were greeted with 
a special " patriotic" display on 
Revelle Plaza and various Muir 
buildings. Red and blue paint 
adorned the campus. with 
logans advertisin~ the protest 

rall\' to be held todav at GOP 
HQ ' at , tht' Roval Inn on tht' 
Wharf . The sloKans. such as 

"The Indochinese are not our 
enemie .. generally pleaded for 
a halt to the bombing in 
Vietnam. 

The graffiti met With mixed 
student rt'sponse . Most 
sympathized with the cause but 
many were angry with the 
paint on the walls. 'Tm really 
down on vandalism." said Kurt 

Seidler. a MUir undergrad. "1 
like to see po ter . but I don 't 
like to see paint on the wall 
and I don 't think anvone doe ." 
Kurt felt that defacing the 
campus wa pretty childl hand 
stated that .. they·re defeating 
their purpose by trymg to put a 
point across with vandali m 
because people negatively 
judge them for it. 

About 50 per cpnt of tho 
questioned did not obj t to the 
logan on the wall . Bob 

McCabe said. " Pamt ha been 
very useful in the history of 

mankind. He and ChTi Bagley. 
both MUir tudents. conte ted. 

"They should pamt more of 
these ugly gray buildings ." 

John MacGregor 

Harvard University. In as ociatlOn with the UDlverslty of 
Michigan, issued a statement earlier this week calling for a 
national student strike. to be held today In protest of the 
intensified bombings in North Vietnam . 

"The latest ixon escalation of the war In Southea t ASia -
the bombing of Hanoi and Haiphong - renews the .S. 
commitment to defend the threatened Thieu government at 
any cost. The new escalation i open-ended and run the clear 
risk of catastrophic confrontation with the Soviet Union. The 
war will not go away: Nixon remain committed to military 
victory : it must be resisted by the AmeTican public." the 
statement declared. 

The Crimson Communique. a the above tatement has come 
to be called, seems to have catalyzed a repeat of the event of 
May 1970. To a lesser degree. colleges and universities acro 
the country are engaging themselves in a wave of natIOnal 
prote t to end the war in Indochina. From the relatively small . 
quiet campus of Holy Cro in Worcester , Ma . to the 
traditionally fiery campus of Columbia DIversity. educational 
instutions have reacted vocally and in some instances violenty 
to the escalation of the air war in Vietnam. . 

At Cambridge. Mass .. persons objecting to the war toned 
the Harvard Center for International Studie , then entered the 
building. set a fire and vandalized part of the three-story 
structure. Glass, book and files were strewn all over the 
building and the slogans .. Avenge Hanoi " and .. NLF WinS" 
were written on walls in red paint. fter firemen extinguished 
the blaze about 200 people rushed the building : some got in Ide. 
but all fled after about ten minutes. plintering into small 
group . Windows at an IBM building adjacent to the Harvard 
campus ~ere also sma hed by brick as the protester fled . 

Police, declaring an unlawful a sembly. ealed off Harvard 
square and threatened to arre t anyon who did not leave. 
Police finally used tear gas to clear the quare but no arre t 
were made. The rioter were only a small part of a group of 
about 1000 demon trator who made a five-mile march to the 
school from a rail in So ton Common. 

At the Univer ity of Mlnne ota young protesters took over an 
Air Force recrUiting office. to ed out recruiting posters. and 
burned a military nag About 20 tudents entered the office. 
but no one wa on duty at the lim There were no InjuTies or 
arre t . 

About 100 T10t-eqUIPP d Maryland tate policemen. u Ing 
tear ga and dogs. moved along . Route 1 In ollege Park to 
break up a demon tratlOn by about 500 tudent who blocked 

ContiDued OD PaKe 2 

3000 Rally in Sproul Plaza 
Ye terday the tud nt Senate at C Berkele\ voted lo 

endor thO atlonal tud nt ouallOn call for a tTike 
today. 

ApprOXimately 3000 tud nl met at n n ye terday in proul 
Pla.,za on the B, rkeley campus. The tud nl voiced their 
support of a propo al from.. uL ltlllillii.~t.~ vi lllt. StuI.knl 
Senate and radical r pre ntallve of the communlt Th 
leader of the rally called for a m tmg on Tuesday to valuate 
the progre of the trike. 

After the rally 1000 peopl marched on th home and offlc 01 
Continued on page % 



Rolly Today in Plaza 
An . Anti-War Demonstration will be sponsored by the 

Amencan FederatIOn of Teachers Teaching and Research 
Assistant Loc~11n Revelle Plaza Friday, April 21 at noon. 

Speakers will protest the effect of the war on the American 
eco~y and pa~t1cularly on education. There will be a 
dlscuss!on of the air war and of the general ramifications of the 
escalation upon the Third World liberation struggles. 

Jobs Jobs Jobs 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 

Environmental Research Laboratories in Princeton, New 
Jersey, will be holding interviews for various positions on the 
UCSD campus next week. These positions will be in the 
Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory doing research in 
areas of fluid dynamics requiring some expertise in use of 
computers. Budgetary requirements dictate that none of these 
positions will be available until August or September, 1972. Any 
degree, Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D. will be accepted in the 
major fields of Math, Physics , Oceanography, and 
Atmospheric Sciences. If you need any information and for 
interview appointments, call Career Planning Services, ext. 
2401 . 

Professionals representing together a vast background of 
experience, and individually such occupational areas as 
programming and customer contact for a computer 
manufacturer, design and development of hardware for 
hospital systems, programming with business applications, 
and systems analysis in a large scientific computer center, will 
talk about their jobs, what it's like to work in the industry, 
entry-level positions, promotional opportunities, and what the 
future may be like. In general they will provide occupational 
information to students considering careers in these and 
related fields . The meeting will take place Tuesday. April 25 . 
at 7:30 p.m. in the Informal Lounge of Revelle Commons. 

Business Picks Up 
Business is picking up! At the end of the second week of a 

three week blitz. revenues for the Coast Cruiser have picked up 
from $15 per day to $21.65 per day for the last two days. 
According to a University-Coast Transit System spokesman. 
" If we keep going this way, it appears that we will be breaking 
even by the end of the quarter and be able to offer a limited 
summer service for UCSD commuters and summer session 
students. " 

"Although revenues are picking up it seems that the Cruiser 
will not be breaking even by the end of the three week demand 
period set up by Dean Murphy. We will probably be forced to 
raise non-student fares $.05 to make up some of the difference 
between current income and the $50.50 per day expenses." he 
added . 

" We urge students and faculty to give up driving their 
polluting autos and help make the Coast Cruiser an on-going 
campus project." he concluded. 

Elections May 3 and 4 
Elections for the Muir College Council will be held on 

Wednesday. May 3 and Thursday. May 4 this year. A table wil\ 
be set up at the Muir Commons from 9 a .m. until 4 p.m. for 
voting. 

The Muir College Council , the policy making body for Muir 
College, is made up of six students and six faculty members as 
well as the Dean and the Provost of Muir College. There are 
three positions open on the council next year which are to be 
filled by Muir students. Two of the positions are for two year 
terms while the third position is for a one year term as council 
member and AS representative. 

Any Muir student interested in runn in!! for one of these 
offices should come to Jim Beckley's office (Muir Dean 's 
office. 20-2125 ) and sign up as a candidate. Petitions are not 
necessary for your name to be placed on the ballot. The 
deadline for signing up is 5 p.m. on Wednesday. April 26. 

If you have any questions call Jim Beckley at X 1905. 

Israeli Bi rthday Party 
The Isra .Ii students invite vou to celebrate Israel's 24th 

anni versar:,. There will be two ·events. First. on Sunday. April 
23 at 7 :30 p.rn .. a get-together. public singing. dancing and 
Israel i f()()oj will be available at the International House. 
Matthews ('ampus. 

On the fd lowing. Sunday. April 30. at 8 p.m. an Israeli film . 
" Siege. " w:ll bc zhc\'.'ll In U<;R 2722. Admission is 50¢ for UCSD 
students. 

S pro ul R a II y ... Continued from page I 
Chancellor A bert Bowker Thev were denied entrance at both 
places . 

Approxir'lately 400 other people cau ed about $500 damage bv 
overtu rnlns bookcases and fil es at the UC Institute fo'r 
International Studle . a research faCility associated with UCB. 

On other campuses. Stanford students voted to go on strike, 
The Harvard Crimson expects a large turn-out at a rally today 
to con Ider a strike vote. It I expected that the recent events 
ID Southeast ASia Wi ll be th main tOPIC of diSCUSSion at a long-
planned rally Saturday ID Kezar Stadium in San FranCISCO 
COinCiding \\ Ith the rall~ ID Lo Angele 

Page 2 Triton Times April 21 , 1972 

Dr. Carl Eckart of Scripps honored 
Hannah Cohen modem science, laking account of the Bowie by the award of the medal that 

On Tuesday, ~pnl 18, . D~. Carl real thermo-dynamical properties of bears his name. There is additional 
Eckart of Scripps InstitutIOn of such fluids as seawater, studying noise honor of being associated with the 
Oc
A 

eanogra~a.s I auwa~d~ the and sound propagation , as well as the distinguished men who have previously 
mencan . ';tca . nlOn s. 34th effects of turbulence and of Coriolis received the Bowie Medal." 

Wilham BoWie Meda!. m Washm~ forces. (1be Coriolis force is an Dr. Eckart first came to Scripps in 
D.C. I~ wa~ awarded for outstandmg apparent force on moving particles 1946. In 1948 he became its director and 
contributions to fundamen~al resulting from the earth 's rotation.) remained in that capacity until 1950 
geophys.lcs. and fo,~ unselfish The citation also honors him for when he relinquished the post to 
cooperation !n research . . . " basic contributions to the theory of become the full-time director of 

The. cl~tlon below deSCribes hiS elastic and anelastic deformation of Scripps' Marine Physical Laboratory 
contnbutl?ns to the area of solids." (MPL) . He held that post until 1958. 

geophy~ICS, . Upon the acceptance of his award, During the period from 1965 through 
... hiS work on.the transformation of Dr. Eckart said, "It is difficult to find 1967, Dr. Eckart was vice-chancellor 

the. older, trad~lIonal hydrodynamiCs, words to express my gratitude for the for academic affairs at UCSD. Dr. 
which IS malDly an exercise ID honor you are giving me. It is a great Eckart is now retired but he remains a 
claSSical analYSIS , IOto a complex honor to be associated with William consultant for the MPL. 

Food Status Undecided at UCSD 
Contrary to rumors 

circulating on campus, the 
future status of food services at 
UCSD remains undecided . 
Mandatory dorm food 
contracts have been considered 
by the food and housing policy 
committees. However, Vice-
Chancellor. Sisco reports that 
the ChancellOr has not yet 
approved any plan, and a large 
number of alternatives are stm 
under review . The final 
decision will probably be 
presented to University Hall 
within ten days. -

Many food service employees 
have ell pressed concern for 
their jobs should the cafeteria 
contract be granted to another 
agency. The TRITON TIMES 
has learned that no such 
decision has been made to this 
date, but Vice-Chancellor Sisco 
did not disregard such a 
possibility. 

The vice chancellor, acting 
for the chancellor, is meeting 
with randomly selected dorm 
residents this week to gather 
suggestions and criticisms. The 
new plan, he stated, will 
provide room and food services 
as economically as possible, 
and yet meeting the needs and 
lifestyle of students. The 
problems, he added, are great 
and the need for some 
compromise is obvious. 

I Whichever plan is accepted will . redistribute . cafeteria eq~lty (debt financing , 
mamtenance and utilities ) to 

those who use the facility . At 
present , as pointed out in the 
student-initiated rent strike 
petition . dorm residents 
subsidize these costs for all 
cafeteria users. 

Vice-Chancellor for 
Business-Finance Johnson 
added that UCSD must get 
cooking out of the rooms to 
meet . health and safety 
requirements , Cooking 
.appliances have been described 
as a fire danger and lack of 
proper garbage and sink 
facilities are cited as a health 
hazard. 

Food services at UCSD have 
had a long, varied and 
controversial history. The first 
years the cafeteria (Revelle 
was it) was run by the Prophet 
Corporation (a subsidiary of 
Greyhound ) under a closed 
system . Cafeteria food 
contracts were required for all 
residents, and entrance to the 
cafeteria was limited to meal 
card holders and those who 
wished a pay a fairly large 
lump sum. 

Student agitation for reform. 
a rather spectacular food fight 
and a quick lecture on simple 
economics by Dr. Sheldon 
Shultz led to acceptance of the 
meal ticket program by dorm 
residents . $19 meal tickets 
were distributed to dorm 
residents, which could only be 
used during the week of issue. 
Non-residents could pay ala 
carte. 

Student Strike. . . CoatiDued from Pale 1 
the highway after a rally on the University of Maryland 
campus. Most of the students heeded the warnings to get off 
the highway. but 10 who refused to move were arrested. 

In New York about 500 students marched around Columbia 
calling for a student strike on Friday. 

The strike has picked up momentum since being announced 
at the beginning of the week . Many campuses across the 
country have endorsed the strike and a demonstration is· 
planned at the Royal Inn at the Wharf. 12 noon today. Further 
demonstrations in Los Angeles and New York are planned for 
Saturday. 

488-3352 

LEO 
944 GARNET, SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

Greal llo\·I .. s 
La.' .\ ·igh,: ."ATIt HAR. (J932) 

Greta Garbo Lionel Barrymore 
7:00 & 11 :00 Co-Hit 

FOUES B£RGlRE (J935) 
Maurice Chevalier Merle Oberon 

9:00 
STARTS SAT 4/ 21 
B'A.t1CI\ CAT 

80ri5 KarloH, 8ela Lugosi 
7:00& 10:00 

THE LIGHT TH tT F"'Lf~D 
Mon.-Th. 7' 1:30 3: 30 Fri. 'S •. 7. I:lU 10:00 S_, 
Ulllissio. '1.50 M.ti_ 3:30' 5:00 bt.1' .: 1r:3O 

Over the next two years, 
variable meal plans were 
available to dorm residents, 
and script became a generally 
available commodity on 
campus. However, inflationary 
pressures and widespread 
vandalism (according to Hi-
Continental's manager) forced 
a gradual increase in prices 
and a decrease in portion size. 

after the overwhelming 
cancellation of dorm food 
contracts. 

At present, the food services 
are running at a negligible loss 
against operation costs . 
However. utilities. debt 
financing and maintenance 
costs are being paid out of 
dormitory room contracts. 

When the meal system _---------... 
became optional and the 
assured income was lost as the 

ma~ority of dorm residents 
registered their displeasure by 
canceling their board contracts 
and opening cans in their 
suites, Hi-Continental took 
their not-inconsiderable losses 
and left. Holly Holmes, who 
had successfully managed the 
Coffee Hut and other snack bar 
facilities on campus was asked 
to take over the operation of 
the food service system. The 
present al-Ia<arte pay-as-you-
go system was decided upon 

by James Bro,uahto" 

COMMUNITY BlOOO BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues.- Sat. 
9:~S:30 

WomtnWelcOlllt ' 

Cklted Sun. , Mon. 
233·8328 

"The .affirmative eroticism of The Bed, with its 
charmmg polymorphous-perverse tumblings of one 
or more stark naked boys and /or girls into and out 
of bed remained a rare exception at the festival." 

- Amos Vogel, N.Y. Times 

__ h'lI 
by Lrs Klank 

We're" frankly usmg 2 of the must popular films 
frum past programs tu lure yuu in so that we can 
intrvduce you to a n~w film you've probably never 
heard of. We think you'll find Spend It All one of 
the most interesting and beautiful films you 've seen 
in a long time . Made by the same filmmaker who 
made The Blues Accordin' To Lightnin' Hopkins 
and A Well Spent Life (the film on Texas blues 
singer/guitarist Mance Lipscomh), Spend It All takes 
YlJU .duwn South to LuulSlana to the bayou people 
in the Cajun Coulltry. The film has already won 
a few festival award~ Induding the Gold Medal at the 
Atlanta Int crnallonal Film festival 1971. 

~he\\OnderfuIWaterBedaWeekContestrrom: 
.lllral ••• lr •••• I'1 

Records and Cclnlx from: 

MIDDLEARTHCandles 

-_ACADEMY 
3721 UNtVERStTY AVE 284-1000 

Crimson 
Communique 

EDITOR'S NOTE: The TRITON TIMES received this 
open leHer from THE HARVARD CRIMSON yesterday. 
"The Crimson Communique" has been published In the 
student journals in all the Ivy League schools, the 
UniversIty of Michigan. and the other UC campuses 
earlier this week . . 

The latest Nixon escalation of the war in Southeast Asia-the 
bombing of Hanoi and Haiphong-renews the U.S. commitment 
to defend the threatened 'rhieu government at any cost. The 
new escalation is open-ended and runs the clear risk of a 
catastrophic confrontation with the Soviet Union. The war will 
not go away; Naon remains committed to a military victory. 
It must be resisted by the American public. 

Two ytars ago, in an escalation of similar magnitude, 
American ground troops invaded Cambodia . Anti-war feeling 
on American campuses coalesced into a national student 
strike. That strike, joined in a moment of crisis, delivered an 
ultimatum to the American goverrunent: You cannot ellpand 
the war in Asia without massive disruptions at home. The 
ultimatum was successful; the invadlOg force withdrew. 
American students catalyzed a national movement that helped 
save the lives of Americans, Vietnamese, and Cambodians. 

Who's Howard Gordon? 

The ever rising trajectory of the war began to turn downward. 
The Cambodian president denied the use of American ground 

troops in the 1971 invasion of Laos. 
In many other moments, the anti-war movement has had 

similar success. It has given crucial sufport to public leaders 
and congressmen who have spoken ou against the war. We 
have brought thousands of Americans to the public 
demonstrations of opposition. We have managed to set the 
terms of debate on the war, it is our position-total and 
immediate withdrawal-that has been firm over the years. 
Despite the intricate terms of government policy and 
phraseolOgy we have stuck to our uncompromising demands 
that the policy of escalation be reversed and dismantled. 

A low profile war, until recently, left the front pages. Now it 
is back. The current North Vietnamese-National Liberation 
Front offensive has reduced the war to its essential 
components. The Thieu government is mortally threatened. 
North and South Vietnamese have united in a fierce final 
struggle to free their country from colonialism and 
neoColonialism. 

The frail logic of Nixon's Vietnamization policy can now be 
measured by his newest campaign against North Vietnam. If 
the Thieu government has the "legitimacy" or strength to 
repel the offensive these campaigns would not be necessary . 
How far will the United States go to maintain a regime that 
cannot stand on its own? 

The bombings of Hanoi and Haiphong suggest that there are 
no limits. Strategic options left to the U.S. government include 

Letters to the Editor 

Editor : 
It has come to my attention that 

someone by the name of Howard 
Gordon has written a letter previously 
to this paper. Now, there are a number 
of possible explanations. First, that 
there is more than one person on th is 
campus having such a name (you've 
got to be kidding ). Or second, that 1 
wrote the aforementioned letter, but 
have no recollection of the event, 
indicating a strong schizophrenic 
personality. The third could be that I 
fantasized reading my name in the 
paper, but I give the most credence to 
my fourth possible explanation : That 
my name has maliciously been used . In 
any case, will the real Howard Gordon 
please stand up, because 1 am 
developing an identity crisis. 

It is the policy of the TRITON 
TIMES that if the author of an opinion 
piece identifies himself and requests 
that the pseudonym he or she desires 
be used in place of the real name, it is 
up to the discretion of the Editorial 
Director whether or not that 
pseudonym shall be used. This is a 
sensitive policy, and you have been the 
unfortunate victim of carelessness on 
my part. Howard Gordon was the 
pseudonym requested by a student on 
this campus who wrote the letter you 
refer to (TRITON TIMES, April 18 ). I 
failed to check to make sure that 
Howard Gordon was not the name of a 
student on this campus. Thus the mix-
up occurred, and lowe you my sincere 

1 feel that something must be done to 
relieve the racial tensions that exist 
between the different rac~s here at 
UCSD. In order to do this, I feel the 
first thing I can do as a white is to work 
with other whites who are also 
interested with thi s problem. I have 
thus organized meetings to be held 
with the primary purpose of bringing 
people together to discuss racism, 
ethnocentricity, and how these two 
problems affect our ability to relale 
with people of other races. 

The first meeting will be held next 
Tuesday night at 9 p.m. in the 9th floor 
lounge of Tioga Hall , Muir campus. 1 
hope to have several of these meetings 
a week, with the hope of having 
different speakers each meeting. 1 
hope that everyone who is concerned 
with the problem of racial tensions at 
UCSD could attend as many of these 
meetings as possible, for without 
knowledge of a problem. there is 
nothing a person can do to solve the 
problem. 

Howard Gordon 

Our II,It nor oj 
LOW COST 'FLlGHT 

for "udenh. Examples: 

'0 LONDON (RT boSl) 
SI66.000W 

London·TElAVtV 8S.900W 
tondon.ATHENS 66.300W 
london·NAlROBI '73.00 OW 

apology. 
Editorial Director 

Racial Tensions 

Harvey Sherman 

further bombings of population centers; mining or closing by 
naval embargo the access to Haiphong harbor ; bombing the 
North Vietnamese dike system causing broad dI:struction and 
the likelihood of mass starvation; invading North Vietnam ; 
and the use of tactical nuclear weapons. 

Nixon has said, " All of our options are open." We should say: 
"All actions except withdrawal are abhorent. " A memo-
randum prepared by Admiral Tbomas H. Moorer, 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and released last week 
by Rep. Michael Harrington, D-Mass. clarifies our importance 
as students opposed to the war. If the U.S. were released from 
"domestic restraints" (note from memorandum ) it might 
undertake amphibious operations against the North or bombing 
of the irrigation ditches in the quest for victory. Clearly Nixon 
is not deterred any longer by the risks of confrontation with the 
Soviet Union. The likelihood of bombing of Soviet ships has 
forestalled the bombing of Haiphong in the past. That risk is 
now a reality. The only remaining restraint is that imposed by 
the American people. And it is our tasks as students, who have 
come this way before. to make sure that domestic restraints 
remain lirm. The bombing of North Vietnam and the 
cancellation of the Paris peace talks returns the war to its pre-
1968 character. The ghastly history of the war converges on 
this moment. Joining with about 20 other college newspapers to 
condemn the war against the Vietnamese and support renewed 
demonstrations of protest this week. It is sad to find ourselves 
once again in a position where a student strike seems to be the 
only recourse at home to protest American policies in 
Southeast Asia . But we must. In union with 20 others, call for 
an immediate national student strike. To implement this a 
strike meeting at UCSD should be held as soon as possible. The 
strike is not called against the University, but against the war 
and is proposed to offer students the opportuni ty to work 
against the war in these critical days. 

' •.••........ , ...... , ..........••....... 

..... s~\.\ ..... 
soft 

clingy dresses 
& tops .. . 

12~ \0. Hi~hu~ 101,Sol.nl Beach 7~~-3890 

.................. 
...... 1wI1wa-

......1r.tr...I ... 
SIIIU tlAVB •. 

(21') 217-" • l19-Jll1 
tl7S s... .... IL 1-"'. 

"But what can 1 do? " is the normal 
response of whites to a speech on 
racism in the United States. The 
realization that there is still 
tremendous amounts of racial 
prejudice and tensiol!', and that these 
problems negatively affect all our 
lives, drives many people to want to do 
something. 

UCSD Campus Programming Board 
and 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459·7355 

Rainbow Soul Productions 
Present 

BILL WITHERS 
and 

MERRY CLAYTON 
Friday, April 21 UCSD Students with I.D. 

(one ticket per I.D.) $2.50 U(SD Gym 
9:00 p.m. 

This price guarantees only for 1st 1,000 tickets, so 
buyeorly! 

General Admission (presale) $4.25 
General Admission ~door sale) $5.00 

fREE Gift Certificates 
Tickets available. U~ey Hall 

April 21, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



, 

Nigel Mcrae 

Films this quarter are generally 
entertaining but not exceptional. 
There are four rum sequences being 
presented this quarter-the Friday, 
Saturday, and Wednesday Night 
Corree Hut series and a new series 
of several shows being presented by 
the Anomaly Factory. 

coffel' hilt films ... 

The Corree Hut this quarter will 
be presenting the following films : 
" Arsenic and Old Lace," "The 
Time Machine," "The Day the 
Earth Stood Still ", " Hop Along 
Cassidy," "The Lone Ranger", 
and "Lemonade Joe ". 

For science fiction fans , "The 
Day the Earth Stood Still" is 
particularily worth seeing. It 
concerns itself with earth 
relationships to extraterrestrialites 
and involves a theme of peace. It 
was produced in 1951 by Robert 
Wise , who also edited Welles' 
" Citizen Kane". " The Time 
Machine" is another movie worth 
seeing. if you haven't already. The 
Oscar·winning film , produced in 
1960 is based on the H.G. Wells 
novel involving time travel into the 
future. 

... anomaly f actor~ 
films .... 

The only scheduled Anomaly 
Factory film is "Marat Sade" to be 
presented on May 4 and 5 This is an 
excellent film In every re peel and 
is well worth seeing. Other films 
will be scheduled later. 

The friday night film -goers this 
quarter will ha ve the privilege of 
watching their movies in wide 
screen (where the width of the 
inlage is 2.2 times the height I . This 
is important to [;1m fans in tha t 
most modern films are shot in lhi. 
format rather than the old 1.3 to I 
formal. 

Showing tonight will be "The 
Thomas Crown Affair" sta rring 
Steve McQueen and faye Dunaway. 
Steve McQueen plays Thomas 
Crown. a self made millionaire who 
decides to rob a bank in broad 
day light- and succeeds. After 
reimbursing the bank . the Insurance 
compa ny assigns its best 
investigator. Vicky Anderson (Faye 
Dunaway) . to the case. Vicky. 
through her superior intelligence 
(and poor script writcrs I. managcs 
nuraculously to ligure out that It 
was Thomas Crown who robbed the 
bank . Shc arra nges a meeting at a 
dance and thrv arc immedlatel\' 
attracted to each other. Although 
they recognizr eaeh other as 
antagonists. lhry fall in lovr. Crown 
thrn informs her that he intends to 
pull off another bank job. VI(,ky 
agn'('s to meel him after the 
robbl'l'Y . but. despit(' h('rs('lI . brings 
the puli(,e With her to the assigned 
!11!'!'ling plan> at a ('eml'tl'l'Y wherc 
thc mone\' is hidden In 11 . I . d3h 
basket. .iowcvrr. Crown knows 
Vich beU('r than shc knows 
herself. Playing with the "Thomas 
Crown Affair" is Laurcl and 
Hard:"'s "Oliver the Ei~hth ." 

Otber Friday Nigls' Films Ihis 
Quarter : Probabll' the most 
interesting night of the quarter will 
be the June 2nd showing of 
"Vanishing Point " and " 1-2·3." " 1-
2-3" is a riproarious film dealing 
satirically with th£' east·west 

'Page 4 Triton Times April 21, 1972 

German border situation. James 
Cagney plays a Coca-Cola 
representative in Germany with 
aims of taking over the world 's soft 
drink market. The film concludes in 
a very funny rhase scene in which a 
Rambler Nash is totally 
destroyed-piece by piece-while 
traveling between East and West 
Berlin. This film was completed on 
location in Berlin shortly before the 
Berlin-wall crisi s, and is well worth 
seeing. Directed by Billy Wilder 
(who also directed "Some Like It 
Hot"), the film stars James 
Cogners in the last film of his 
career. 

... and of COllrse, 
Frida\ and Saturday 
night flic~s ... 

" Vanishing Point " is a testament 
to individuality in which speed is 
equivalent to freedom . The theme 
of the film is a long chase between 
Denver and San francisco in which 
the major question is not when the 
hero is going to stop but who is 
going to stop him-as he outsmarts 
the police in three tales with the 
aid of a jibe·talking-super-cool-soul-
radio-announ<;er. The film is quite 
entertaining. 

"Catch 22" also promises to be 
well worth seeing. This film 
concerns itself with the absurdities 
of war. Directed by Mike Nichols 
' ''The Graduate," etc. ) it stars 
Alan Arkm. Jon Voight , Orson 
Welles. and Marlin Balsam . 
General reactions to the film are 
two . ·It was bloody and I disliked 
it" and " IL was bloody and I loved 
it. " 

" In the Hea t of the Night" stars 
Rod Steiger. Sidney Poilier and 
Warren Oates. It is a film on bigotry 
taking place in a small Mississippi 
town . Thl 111m. released in 1967. 
won five academy awards. The 
acting in thiS film is extremely 
good . Also playing with this film IS 
" Paleface". a Buster Keaton 
short-and. as are any of Buster 
Keaton films. it is entertaining. 
even though it is not one of his 
beller works. 

" On Any Sunday " IS a film by 
Bruce Brown I who also did 
" Endless Summer " ) on 
motorcyclists 

Playing thiS Saturday is "Pierrot 
Le fou " and "flreman 's BaiL " 
"Pierrot Le fou ." directed bl' 
Jean·luc Godard . stars Jean - Pa~1 
Belmondo and Anna Karina. The 
him is conSidered excellent by 
man~' critics. and rotten by an equal 
numbt.>r of them . Like most of 
Godard 's films it is a combination 
of Gangster film and social 
comll1entar\'. and also deals with 
the a lienai Ion of people from 
society . 

"Fireman's Ball " (Czechoslova-
kian) is an allegorical comedy 
attacking many of the disreputable 
attributes of societ~· . surh as 
bureaucrac\, . Even' review read 
considers ihis' an 'excellent film . 
Variety writes . " A lively . 
brimming comed~' on human 
condoct and small town life ... " and 
the New York Times calls it 
"brilliant. .. 

Possi 
artzapoppin 

A constant kaleidoscope of rhythm and art will be featured at 
the second annual " Artzapoppin" Festival this Sunday. 

The festival , to be- held from noon to 4 p.m. in the courtyard 
of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, will 
feature continuous music and entertainment amid exhibits by 
over thirty prominent local artists . Refreshments will also be 
available. 

Tickets are $2 for adults and $1 for students and children. 
Admission proceeds plus 25 per cent of the art sales will go to 
benefit the La Jolla Civic- University Orchestra and Chorus. 

Musical groups performing include the La Jolla Civic-
University Orchestra. conducted by Thomas Nee , associate 
professor of music at UCSD ; the UCSD Chorus, under the 
direction of UCSD graduate student Ron Jeffers . and the 
Ballet Arts of San Diego , under the direction of Dorothy Lee. 
The Cameron Highland Pipe Band and San Diego Highland 
Dancers and the San Diego Philippino Dance Group will lend 
an international note to the entertainment while Buford 
Scuggins String Quartet will play bluegrass country ballads 
and Kirk Bouter e will play traditional American music on his 
banjo. A more modern touch to the music will be expre sed by 
the rock group, Don McLeod 's Mine and Music Machine and by 
a UC D Jazz group. The Moldy Figs. 

Women's Art Festival 
Visual and sonic works by University of California. San 

Diego women artists will be featured in a free festival to be 
presented friday through Sunday. April2l-23. 

All events for the first annual UCSD Women 's Art and MUSIC 
Festival will be held in The Music Gallery. Bldg . 408 on the 
Matthews Campus. The weekend festival. open to .both men 
and women. is sponsored by UCSD Women in ~Iusic and Art. 
the Campus Progl'amming Board . and the UCSD departments 
of musIc and visual arts. 

The visual arts exhibit features work of 15 women . Gallery 
hours for viewing the exhibit will be friday . from 7-11 p.m" 
Saturday . from Il a.m to 3 p.m" and Sunday. from II a.m. to 2 
p.m. Del Mar artist Eleanor Antin. University Extension 
instructor and artist Patricia Patterson . artist Jehanne 
Teilhet. professor of art history at UCS D. and Ellen van fleet. 
visual arts instructor at UCSD. are noted ani t exh ibiting 
their work . 

UCSD visual arts graduate students exhibiting their work 
include Lenore Goldberg . Helen Henning. Luise Kirtland . 
Diane Polster. Martha Hosler. Joyce Shaw. and Lauri Stokes . 
Seniors in visual arts exhibiting works are Kathy Esty. Gerry 
McAllister. and Sharon Weldy . Winter-quaner UCSD graduate 
Lynn Larmer will also display h!'r art 

A seven-course soup banquet and poetry reading will 
celebrate the gallery opening friday night. The banquet. which 
begins at 7 p.m .. will be prepared by Helen Henning and 
includes gazpacho oup. chicken soup. t.wo French summer 
soupS- hot with parsley. and cold with cream. beer oup . nut 
soup. and fruit soup. 

At 9 p.m .. following the banquet. poet Lynn Lonidier will 
read from her hermaphroditic novel. "The Banana Ladv ." She 
will also show her mOl titled "film as a Dream or a Poem for 
Women " and discuss her vear's travels as a sailor in the North 
Seas. M . Lonidier is cun:enll~' doing volunteer work in Seallie 
recording transsexual and transvestite fireside chats with the 
so-called "straight " societ~· . Her poetical works include " Po 
Tree . 1961" and "The female Freeway" (1970) . 

At the Unicorn 
Showing this week. April 19·25. are two films by Frederick 

Wiseman- High School 119691 and Law and Order (19691 . 
Starting Wednesday I April 261 are Double Suicide. 
l l970-Japan) directed by Masahiro Shinoda. and Sanjuro 
(l962-Japan) directed by Akira Kurosawa . A film of note. 
Sanjuro is a samurai film starring Japan 's most popular 
actor- Toshiro Mifune. The well known director Akira 
Kurosawa is also responsible for the Seven Samurai I from 
w'hich the Magnificent Seven was taken) and YoJimbo (to be 
shown later this quarter atl: .C.S.D I. 

Ranking as he 
foremost wr 
importance in 
selfishly wishes 
writer oneself) that 
all h is time to the 
of that fine and mov"'ch 
distinguishes his 
same time one 
reproachfully , lhat 
Bois it is a cause-
overcomes the 
the artist. 

With that 
wonder that wrltPI·,,,.Ii(p 
have been "nlm".l1~ 
William 
with illustrative 
other hand , one 
Black intellectual 
somehow bringing 
W.E.B. Du Bois. 

BLACK TITAN,An 
the Editors of 
remarkable wor~ 
literature at its best 
some Black 
history? How 
Within the covers of 
all of the latter quest14lak 
for themselves. 
be expo ed to a leg,lclltds 
far back into the 
began to blossom 
Morning Glories flslI 
country town. 

Even more tasteluulWlg. 
the wisdom and 
lessons that W.E.B. 
here on earth for all 
worthy of di cussion. 

Not only does this 
writings presents 
manner of sheer par 
it is a presentation 
Black scholar. 
political activist. 
social engineer , 
historian, journalist. 
man of all seasons. 

While the latter 
anthology is devoted 
of Du Bois written by 
first four parts of the 
divided into 
entitled ·· "'.·ih," ~. 
tributes written by 
stroke conceivable. 
Langston Hughes. 
Ruby Dee. Dr. 
Roy Wilkins. 
just to name 
have written 
man who pav!!d 
them . One such 
from Dr. 
presently in 
result of a coup d 
short. Nkrumah 
fortunate and hO~loret"JU 
Bois chose to spend 
Ghana and dedicated 
laying the foundation 
the Encyclopedia 
project in which his 
found a fitting 

In another 
noted famed 
words to say. 
back. my first clear 
Du Bois was 
recognized 
authority in his 
and writing. In high 
college our teachers 
us to standard refE~!1IIIIFn 
sociology. race 

and world affairs. I remember 
feeling great pride when the books 
and articles proved to be by our Dr. 
Du Bois, and often loaned these to 
my fellow students, who were 
properly impressed by his 
universally respected and 
acknowledged authority." 

Those kinds of impressive 
remarks about Du Bois continues 
throughout part one of the 
anthology. 

Later, Du Bois is reflected in the 
consciousness of the many 
contributors as : " Scholar-
Academician." ' ·W.E.B. Dubois as 
an Activist," and "Ou Bois: 
International Man ." 

Saunders Redding, Black literary 
critic discusses the master work of 
Du Bois', "The Souls of Black 
Folk ," Here. again , an excellent 
critique of the man-ilf·letters is 
presented. Moving from a level of 
historical analysis to a level of 
succinct literary analysis , 
Redding puts into light a 
seemingly divine creative writer , 
such as in the person of Du Bois. It 
was also during the time that Souls 
of Black Folk was published in 1903 
that Du Bois caused a national 
controversy among Whites , as well 
as among Blacks when he made this 
sta tement, "The problem of the 
twentieth century is the problem of 
the color-line". " 

... the h I a eke r t I}(~ 
mantle, the mightil'f 
the man ... 

The latter part of the anthology is 
exemplified by selected poems, of 
course those written by Dr. Du 
Bois . 
I am the Smoke King. 
I am Black . 
I am hearkening to wrong; 
I will be Black as Blackness can, 
The Blacker the mantle the 
mightier the man . 

- The Horizon 1m-
This is what Du Bois was talking 

about before many Blacks found it 
contemporaneously popular to be 
even considered " Black." although 
there is even some validity for that 
cause: Du Bois talked about it some 
fifty years ago! Anyone ever heard 
of the Black generation gap? 

Throughout this Black 
anthological masterpiece, are 
countless other sources of 
information about W.E.B. Du Bois. 
While the job of some book 
reviewe'rs is one of persuasion in 
terms of consumer purchases, the 
persuasive technique being utilized 
here is one of a 
methodology . Certainly, 
who has a selected hihhn,rralDhv 
published writings totalling 
of 278. no doubt deserves 
about. As a Ph.D. H 
University alumnus. receiving 
degree in 1895 (the first Black to do 
so) definitely assures responsible 
expertise. 

Echoing Mrs. Shirley Graham Du 
Bois, wife of the late Ou Bois. "He 
lives in the face of every Black child 
who laughs with joy: he lives in the 
orange trees he planted in the 
garden , in the frallrant blooms that 
climb up to his window. He lives in 
our deepest convictions. flith, 
work . and dreams." 

~~t~~~ 
SPECIAL OF 
THE WEEK: 

OF LA .JOLLA 

Danish Blue 
$1.75;11. 
regularly S 1.95 lib. 

7523-A Fay Ave., La Jolla 
~on Drury Lan. PlaIa) 454-5384 

FINANCIAL AIDS 
SPOISORS LUAU 

Financial Aids at UCSD is sponsoring a LUAU on May 13th, 3 pm 
at the International House on Matthews Campus. tUAU . which is a 
Hawaiian feast, will be serving pig (pua) baked in ti·leaves, lomi 
lomi salmon. chicken long rice. poi. sweet yams. Dessert will 
include fresh Pineapples and cocoanut coke. 
The He Noa Lani dancers will be feo1ured under the choreography 
& direction of leimomi Gaheton, who presenlly conducts Howo ii on 
& Tahitian donee classes at the to Jolla Donee Center. 
All Proceeds from the luau are for the 5<holarships and Emergen· 
cy toano Tickets are on sole 01 Urey Hall Box Office. General 
information. call EDNA. 

Here it is , the first of Ihe 
year. You 've got those 
old Spr ing-Quarler -
Where-Am-I- Going-To-
Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that lap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you 're 

living in now can buy you a litUe more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
Irs the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you 'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way 10 your apartment 
after an evening in the fires ide lounge , you're 

two 
lIVe 
as 
cheaplY 
as 
o • 

levis - A-l • Male 

BODY KOVERS I ~ 
,lie "'sf s.Ie"ion ~!:...=2AQAj ~ 

1448 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar 
755-3557 

Lave 'n' Stuff - Tops 

To and from Lo, AngeIet, Ian FrIIICIIco, 
lacrlllllftto, SIn Diego, SIn JoN, O.ldlnd, 
HoItIlIOOd-lurlllnk, OntarIo, Ind l.OfII JIIacII. 

Sharing any of PSA',I60 dlily flight' II I gal. And 
with our low Ilr fl,.., flying PSA Isn't. whole lot 
more tlIDtnlive lhan hitching. AnYWlY II', hard 
to Ott .- ride on !tit runway. So why not ,tick 
your thumb in the phone instead, Ind dill us for 
a ""IVation? .... ,.. ... 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like . .. like fully buill-in kitchens, 
terrific bedrooms, carpeting, drapes, and a 
pril/ate patio outside your door. And , perhaps 
best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extral/aganlly as one . .. and after all, 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

• 

:I 
:I 

10 
-o 
:I 

April 2\, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



.' 

.... 

Robert Von Volin 

The Triton soccer team broke its one game losing streak on 
Monday by defeating the Grossmont Griffins 3-2 on 
Wednesday, however, tbe pouring rain and the Marines 
combined to defeat the Tritons 4-2 at Camp Pendleton. 

The Grossmont game was highlighted by the dazztlng 
offensive play of right forward Steve "the head" Reid, who 
scored the first two UCSD goals. Although his speciality is the 
header he used his feet and knees to score because the ball was 
so low that he 'd have scraped his nose otherwise. Reid 's scores 
were set up by perfect passes from center half George "J~rge" 
Rivas. When the dust settled, UCSD was ahead 2·0. Then It was 
the Griffin 's turn to play soccer. They dominated the rest of 
the half and broke through the crippled Triton full-back line to 
put one past the UCSD goalkeeper Robert " Butterfingers" yan 
Valin. UCSD went downhill in the second half and things 
generally went the same way until Reid bounced a shot Off. the 
far post which left forward Stewart Ha~es deftly nicked mto 
the nets . This proved to be the wmnlng margm when 
Grossmont got another one under the goalie late in the game. 

At Pendleton Wednesday , the field and the players got 
soaked and from then on the Tritons had cold feet . It was a real 
steam effort as everyone played equally badly. The referee 
seemed to stay in one end of the field most of the game and at 
one point he was 75 yards away from the play. Steve Reid and 
Stewart Hayes scored the two goals for UCSD. 

On Sunday the San Diego County Intercollegiate Soccer 
League held its annual All-Star game :.l t San Diego State. It was 
a contest between a team of major college mCSD, USIU, and 
State ) All Stars and junior college All Stars. The major 
colleges triumphed with a score of 3-0. They played a tenacious 
defense anchored by Tritons ' Mark Schneider at center back 
and Robert Van Valin in goal. Stewart Hayes, another UCSD 
man, played left wing . . . 

The Tritons ' season record now stands at three WinS, SIX 
losses and one tie. They might not be in last place anymore but 
don 't count on it. Note to the players : the next game IS 
Wednesday night in the Aztec Bowl against San Diego State. 

Surf club sponsors 
'5 Summer Stories' 

N etters end tire 
close defeats 

List week turned the tables on the UCSD tennis team's 
winning season. The Tritons dropped three borne matches, 
including an aggravating submission to Cal State Fullerton. 
The week left Tad Yamaguchi's squad with a 4-5 season mark, 
and a lot of shaking heads. The proceedings began Tuesday, 
when a hopeful Triton group set out to avenge till! 9-0 defeat 
inflicted earlier by San Diego State. 

Despite the tremendous showing by number~ne star Rudy 
Perkins who outlasted Aztec leader Bernie Feldman H, 4-6, 7-
6, all other UCSD singles players went to the collar in what 
emerged as a 6-3 State victory. Bruce Baxley, Bruce Burnett, 
Bruce Wolkefield, GleM Gottlieb, and Scott Rath all suffered 
straight-set losses, thereby assuring the Aztec win. . 

This in mind, doubles competition was reduced to smgle 10-
game pro sets. Here, the Perkins-Burnett 10-4 loss w~s 
assuaged by a 10-8 win by Rich Freer-Hath, and a default Win 
captured by the Baxley-Wakefield duo. 

Wednesday brought Cal State Fulleton to La Jolla. Having 
beaten CSF as visitors, the Tritons just couldn't come through 
with the key victory to repeat and, in a down-to-the-wire finish, 
Fullerton registered a 5-4 win. Any of several matches that 
could have gone UCSD 's way didn't, as Bruce Baxley. lost a 
heartbreaking 6-7, 6-4, 6-3 match and Bruce Wakefield yielded, 
3-6, 6-1 , 6-4 . Other close singles losses were dealt Bill Duke, 6-4, 
6-4, and Rich Freer, 6-4, 7-6. 

The only clear-{:ut victories of the day belonged to UCSD's 
Bruce Burnett, who ousted his opponent 6-3, 6-2 ; and Scott 
Rath , wh9 recorded a 6-0, 6-4 win. Incredibly close matches 
continued in doubles, where the Tritons won two of the three 
three-set marathons. Perkins and Burnett teamed to win a 4-6, 
6-2, 6-3 tally while Ted Teacher-Baxley won by a 6-2 ,. 6-7, 6-3 
count. The Wakefield-Duke duo suffered an almost arbitrary 3-
6, 7-6, 7-6 loss lo epitomize the frustrating closeness of the 
entire match. 

Somewhat dis-spirited , the La Jollans faced a tough Mesa 
Arizona Jr. College on Saturday. Boasting several European 
Amnteur Circuit stars on scholarship, the Arizonans rolled to a 
7-2 decision. Bruce Wakefield was the only profitable Triton, 
winning 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 in singles before combining with Bill Duke 
for the other point 6-3, 6-3. 

After a week of re-assessment, the Tritons host Southern Cal 
College tomorrow at 2: 30. The outcome of that match may well 
prove crucial in the team's attempt to regain momentum, 
confidence, and a winning record. 

Pete Yockey IIIow. ~ pite~ form .... te to"toII of 
Slate Oem .... " HUI •• 

Triton sweep 
doubleheader 

Mark Young 
Well, the long awaited reporting of a UCSD baseball victory 

is about to commence. In fact, this article will give you not 
one, but two exciting accounts for tile two recent Triton wins. 
Both came last Saturday, and both were against Cal State 
Dominiguez Hills on the varsity diamond. This is indeed a royal 
occasion, because not only did the team win both ends of a 
double header - but now someone is going to know a bout it. 

The first contest started off with a triple by captain Curt 
Jenkins returning to the line-up after missing a few games with 
a sprained ankle. Dave "Double-play" Wright then reached 
base on a throwing error which allowed Jenkins to score the 
first run of the game. Jerry Pittman, who has been playing 
outstanding ball all season, then singled Wright to third. With 
this great speed on the bases UCSD utilized their patented 
double steal to score with Wright. Pete Yockey followed With a 
single to score Pittman, and later found home plate courtesy of 
Chuck Bahde'ssingle. 

The Tritons didn 't score again until the fifth inning. The rally 
started with a walk to Yockey and a single by Dwight " The 
Man" Sikes who is just starting to come into his own. Walks to 
Bahde and Clark forced in Yockey and ended the scoring in the 
fourth . The team finished their talley's for the game in the 
sixth when Jenkins (2 for 4 ) and Wright lead off with singles. 
Walks to Pittman and Randy "The Kid " Miller forced in 
Jenkins for the sixth and final run in the game. 

While all the offensive antics were going on, Pete Yockey 
was pitching his usual fine game giving up a measly one bit and 
no runs, while walking two and striking out three. The game 
put Pete's record at three wins and two losses, and means he 
has given up a grand total of three hits in bis last two games. 

The second game of the double-header started off with 
Dominiquez scoring one run in the first on a walk, a stolen 
base, and a double. The Tritons retaliated in their balf of the 
inning by scoring five runs. Curtis Jenkins once again started It's that time again. The south swell is on its way, the water off the barrage with a triple. He scored on Wright's single who 

is warming up, surfers are coming out of hibernation and to scored on Pittman's single, who advanced on Miller's walk. 
start off the season right your local campus Surf Club brings to Chuck Bahde then nailed the second triple of tbe day to score 
UCSD the best surf movie ever. f II f r ked ho 

On April 24 and 25, " Five Summer Stories" , a McGilley - both Wright and Pittman. Bahde ina y ro IC me on a 
Freeman production will be shown in USB 2722. Rated by tile past ball to give the Tritons their five-run inning. 
LA Times as the best surf movie ever, McGiIley - Freeman WiDen 01 tile USIU WHaft'S Batke"'" r ...... at Ja.. UCSD scored again in the third on three singles by Pittman, 
combines great surf shots with the latest sounds of the hottest wHkelld, tile UCSD WomH'. Vanity BatketW TtaIII. Miller, and Ballde. The final three runs of the game were 

k S d· h d d th d d II tile 1st -, L to R·. • --'a • -A .............. , Dlale "'--", SIIe Puuek, scored in the fourth inning as Cal State tallied two and UCSD 
roc groups. pen mg over a un re ousan 0 ars on All:':-"-'_. '-I~ ... ~a_ ",_a one. The Tritons scored on a single by Robinson, a fielder 's 
sound system alone, this fantastic movie will leave the non- .... "'" b D W · .... t F til 
surfer and surfer totally stoked. bd row: E .. Uy CMw, HUary QiUIc~, Dellltle MtlIlel, CiMle choice to Jenkins and a triple y ave rtfi'" or e game, 

So, if you can spare the time on Monday or Tuesday, head for TIUIma Wright, Pittman, and Bahde all went two for three witll Wright 
USB 2722 at 8 or 10: Cost is $2 per person, which is the lowest 3rd row:' Tea .. mUl,er J.Ue Riewd ... , ~~ Carter, JlHly and Bahde getting two RBI's a piece. John Clark pitched a good 
.:p_ri_ce_f_or_t_h_is_m_o_v_ie_a~ny~W_h_e_re_. _______________________ Lo __ W_«_. ______________ , r ________ ~~~:O~:G:on::H~ __ ~g~am~e,~g~iv_in~g~u~p_O_nl~y_th_r_ee_r_u_n_s_on_e_ig~h_l_hi_ts_. __________ _ 

THE SWISS DID 
IT AGAIN ••• 

_ WHhelm Tell once shot the apple 
from his son's head; this time Swis Air hit it with 

its youth fare! Want to go to Europe safe ly? ... and sa,'e?? 
WHY USE A CHARTER SERVICE WITH 
ITS RE TPRICTIO~S AI\D EVEI' THE S370 
P IBILITY OF BEII'G TRAI'IDEO? 
WHY pay the added co ts for organized 
travel arrangement ? 
~AY res trict your elf to a et itinerary 
an1limit youl' a thities? 

Los Angele tZurich 
Hos Angeles* 

5228 
I'ew YorktZurich 

t~ ew York* 
BE \our 0" n bo s! l sI' a !>I'hedule air I'arrirr. 

BE trul) i~dependenl! Go .. here ~ou .. ish , when ~ou .. i h. 
Return .. hen ~-ou .. anI 10: "Ia~ up 10 a .. hoI .. ~ear. 

P I any 0 U r t rip Ii k e a "Pro"! ..... . 
Choose Swiss A ir and Go! I. 

" rrrp for ~ 011' f'~~ foM", 10: /Jr. J. 1/,~h"pl I/o<)rp 
. ' 1,. Hlk ... or Blk4' ....................................................................... 7102 8ea~11' ~lrl'l'l 

San Oiel'''' ta . 92 I II 
00 it now. pace i on a fir t come first ened ba i . 

· " ...... d on:-.. i-- \i. ,0Ulh la .... ( Ihrou~h .11' ;l5 ) . 
( \i. I ..... . ubj ... 1 10 .Iijlhll·hall!lr ) Tit'~'I' .. lid 10.0 .... lU', 

Page 6 Triton Times April 21, 1972 

Or-Ciro 
OKAILIULLY •• O •• 

IA 'Uill FOOD 
• Produce' Poultry Products 

• M.ilt PrOducts' Dai ry Products 
• Bakery GoodS' Grailll 

• Juices' Appliances 
• food Suppl.ment, 

Give Your Family A Healthful Breakfast 

RAW MILK HARMONY GRITS 
with 

GRANOLA 
LasHn S taft of Life 

OR and 
RAW HONEY 

HOUH: 
M.f 10-7 
SAT. 10-6 
SUN. I-S 

945 GAlin, PACIFIC lEACH NOUH M..f 10-7 
SAT. IN 
SUN. I·S 'AIKING IN lEAl 

C-HRISTOPHER SLY 
_~ com:ln 

DOMINICK ARGENTO 

AND------------~ 

SOCRATES 
ERIK SATIE 

UCSD THEATER M. C. 
8:30 pm 

FRIDAY APRIL 21 
SA TURDA Y APRIL 22 

ADMISSION: Students $1.00 
Others $2.00 
RE~ER' '\TIO' .n -..\ILABLE l'C D :\IrSIC DEPT. E:\\. 2093 

Death 
Penalty 

battle 
Opponents of the death 

penalty lost a major battle 
Tuesday night as members of 
the State Legislature decided 
lo support a measure that could 
contribute to reinstatement of 
the penalty in Cal ifornia. 

After an emotional and 
heated debate before the 
Senate Judiciary Committee on 
April 11, Senator George 
Deukmejian ' s Senate 
Constitutional Amendment 13 
was passed with an 8-3 vote by 
that committee . The 
amendment provides that the 
statutes on the death penalty, 
prior to the Feb. 18 reversal by 
the State Supreme Court, shall 
remain in effect. Co-authored 
by 14 Senators and 32 
Assemblymen, it further states 
the death penalty is "not 
deemed lo be, or to constitute, 

apple pr.,.nh 

GEORGE HARRISON 
and frie ..... in 

THE CONCERT FOR 
BANGLADESH 

~()W rot; CAN EE IT 
AND HEAR IT, .. 

AS IF rOl WERE THERE! 

EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT NOW PLAYING 
DAilY -12:15, 2:45, 5:15,7:45,10:15 Fri. & Sat. 12:00 

ROADWAY at 2nd 
Open Noon 
233-6541 

the infliction of cruel or r--------:==:;:==------..., unusual punishment. " 
The passage of the measure 

constituted a major 
disappointment to the more 
than 17 speakers who offered 
opposing testimony centering 
around the ineffectiveness of 
the death penalty as a 
deterrent to crime and the 
moral and social ramifications 
of what they stated to be an 
"eye-for-an-eye" philosophy. 

PeDal RetributioD 
Most prominent of the pro-

death penalty arguments were 
those of the measure's author, 
Senator Deukmejian (R-Long 
Beach ) and Attorney General 
Evelle Younger. 

UDeqUal application to poor 
Murmurs of disapproval ran 

through the group of more than 
100 witnessing the hearing, 
after Senale Judiciary 
Committee Chairman Alfred 
Song asked how to prevent an 

THE NEW WAY TO LEARN 

FRENCH 
GERMAN 

SPANISH 
ENGLISH 

inherent weakness in the death L~~ _____ ;;:==_iiii==;;. ______ ..,j 
penalty that, in application, 
saw far higher numbers of poor 
people than wealthy dying in 
chambers. 

Deukmej ian responded that 
" most well-lo-do people don't 
set out to commit murder, or to 
steal from others. Rich people 
just don 't have the same desire 
to commit a crime ; this 
propensity is more likely to 
occur in the lower economic 
clas es." 

Arguments against the 
placing of nie death penalty 
before the voters focused on 
testimony concluding that the 
threat of the gas chamber did 
not deter either murders of 
passion or premedi ta ted 
murder. 

Testimony trom churchmen 
and attorneys opposing the 
death penalty measure 
stressed the " vengeance" 
aspect of the penalty as a 
repudiation of the highest 
human a<:hievements An 
attorney voiced his belief that 
the courts. under attack by 
proponents who felt the 
deCision should be left to the. 
Legislature, were in actuality 
comprised of highl y 
respectabl e " ultr a-
con ervallves. not Wild -eyed 
radical . " 

upporter of the measure 
included spoke men from 
vanou state departments of 
corl'eC\lons. pea e officer 
aSSOCiatIOns. and di stri ct 
attorney office 

If you are registered to vote 
in San Diego or Los Angeles 
County and are interested in 
s igning the Marijuana 
I nitiative, the petit ions are 
located in the Special 
Services Office , 250 
Matthews Campus . The 
deadline is May 1, 1972. 

A.S. ~IO\lIES 
----------------_ ... _-_ ... --

TONITE: 
THOMAS CH()"~' 

AFFAIR 
7:30 & 10:30 - USB 2722 - 50< 

SATURDAY: 
PIERROT LE FOU 

FIHEMAl\"S BALL 
7:00& 10:30-USB2722 -$1.00 

free 
SATURDAY NITE 
DANCE 

with 
lag" 

Revelle Cafeteria 9 pm 
PLUS-

Entertainment both 
nitesat the COFFEE HLT 

All day today I 
for lunch & dinner 

S 1.05 SPAGllrrn SP[CL\L 
, . includes 

salad 8. bread 

April21 , 1972 Triton TimesPage7 



-cl~ssifieds-..-.i----~---------~-
I 
travel 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SP R I NG-SUMME R-F AL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from SI29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fareon 

I nter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 
EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM S220 ONE 
WAY FROM S135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 1~13 
QUEENSWREATH W~Y, 
Irvine, Ca. 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (* Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE: 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIP; 
JAPAN: FROM S349 
ROUND-TRIP; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca. 90230. (r) 

personal 

• SerVICeS 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM- term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. (R) 

"PART TIME OR 
SUMMER INCOME?" 
Guys or Gals Call 283-5m 
for details. (4/21/ 

Ride Needed: to San Felipe, FOUND : Female dog, gold 
Bala, Call Susan, 755-8728 or about 7 mo. O.ld outside, 
X2346 W21) Muir dorms .FrI . 417. Call 

. 453-1741. Bob (4/21) 
Wanted: Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nee. 
SIS/hr. Eve, Call 287-4966 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING Found: sum of money in 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service Nude Photo Models (F) No parking lot across from 
on ~chedule. ~odest Rates. !expo nee. Up to S25/hr. Good joym. If you can identify it 
Satisfaction IS the end hours. 235-0698 nites (3110) I'-all Barbara, x 1860. product. Helen 459-8828 . 

Professional passport and 
Application photos. S3.00 a ~OST: Black female 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR set. Bryan 755-3622. (4/28) r-abrador 7 mo. 272-0656 
TIRED? TRY JAME5 I & f d ~s.-2s.6ans.toAmoreana . 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. ost oun 
AMERICAN AND LOST : WHITE GOLD housing 
FORE IGN CARS. RE ENGAGEMENT RING 3 Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U . 
PAIRS AND POLLUTION sm. diamonds between 1 desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS and 3 o'clock in Third home near La Jolla for June 
COUNT 7748 HERSCHI:L College women's Restroom. through August 3 young 
LA JOLLA (IN THE Please call Ramona after 4 children, no pets: Write 
REAR) 459-9181. pm anyday! Reward. 233- P.O. Box 531 University 

Visiting professor with wife 
& two young children 
desires house or apartment 
from mid-July to August 31. 
Call Ext. 1080. (4118) 

for sale' 
VW '67 Ex. cond., 2 new 
radials new paint, 57 mi. 
4S.-2732 eves. (4/21) 

Surfboards- 2 
Channin/Diff's 7'8" & 6'6". 
Both xlnt boards, best 
offers. Jon 755-9407. 

Drive a car in Europe this 
summer: '59 VW bug -
good condo Scandinavian 
Standards. S200. Inquire 
now: Dennis Hogan, Lille 
Ovregt. 38, 5000 Bergen, 
Norway. (4/28) 

personal 
, 

Pornographic alley sale . 
boutique clothes, antique 
furniture, linen, bicycles, 
milk boxes ... this Saturday 
Apr. 22 330 I Street 
Encinitas ... 755-9417. also 
munchies! 

lo-speed Peugot. 2 yrs old. 
Excellent condo X 188., 

1966 Dodge Dart for sale. Days 453-6493 nights. S55. 
Good condition. S4OO. 4S. 
1696. '63 VW Bug- good condition, 

47,000, S5OO. Curt 755-6285. 
66 Volkswagen 1650224-7691 

'68 Austin America- 38,000, 
needs engine and trans. 
work, new radials. 1450, 755· 

0488 (4/21) Station, Provo, Utah 84601. -announcernents--~~~----~~~~----------~----~~ 
d necessary step before 

7604. 

friday 
Today at noon 
there will be a 
demonstration aga inst the 
air war, starting at the 
Royal Inn (Harbor and C) 
and ending at the Ilth Naval 
District headquarters 
where carriers to Vietnam 
are deployed. 

Ms . Luc il a Thompson, 
UCSD, will speak on " Age 
Structure of the Population 
and Aggregate Con -
sumption Behavior," 3:30 
p.m ., economics 269, 
seminar room 3060 USB. 

7 p.m. UCSD Woman 's Art 
and Muisc Festival, Music 
Gallery, Bldg. 408 Matthews 
Campus. A seven-course 
soup banquet and poetry 
read ing will open the art 
exhibit and fest ival Friday 
night. Gallery hours for the 
evening are from 7-11 p.m. 
Free. 

8:30 p.m. Contemporary 
Opera Studio will present a 
double-bill program of 
"Socr ates " and 
"Chr istopher Sly" in Blno . 
203, Matthews Campus . 
Performance w ill be 
repeated on Saturday . 
Tickets are S2, and S 1 for 
students. 

" Autobiogr aph ics" photo-
graphy show. Intermediate 
photography class Winter 
Quarter . Put up or 
pick up your final projec.ts 
in Cluster Library. Ask 
Margo. 

9 p.m. - a double jazz 
concert featuring Bill 
Withers, and Merry 
Clayton to be held in the 
UCSD gym. Tickets are 
52 .50 for students with an 
10, 54.25 for the general 
publ ic pr ior, and $5 at the 
door . T iCKets can be 
reserved at the Urey Hall 
box office. 

saturday 
11 a.m. UCSD Women's Art 
and Mus ic Festival -
Matthews Campus in Bldg . 
408. Free ! 

8: 30 p.rn. Contemporary 
Opera Studio will present a 
double-b ill program of 
" Socrates " and 
" Christopher Sly " in Bldg. 
203 Matthews Campus. 

8:30 p.m. UCSD Women's 
Art and Music Festival -
Music Concert - Music 
Gallery ; Bldg . 408 , 
Matthews campus. Free. 

Tenn is Club play on Muir 
Courts no. 1, 2, 3 today from 
9 a.m . - 12 noon. 

A NEW CABARET OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TAUNT. . • 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAIL Y FROM 11:00 am 
UNTIL 2:00 am. 

4970 VOLTAIRE OCEAN BEACH 
(714) 223-9773 

BEST PICTURE 
OF THE YEAR! 

- N.lion.' BOlrd of Review 

('''''''' ''' ''''turnl~nt) " f''''b.~Ilrn.''''' .. ~ 
Roman PoIanskis 

folmo/ 

MACBETH 
... ",-,Ji",,'..,.,h " .. ne .... " "nfW'o M.V1'"~,., 

.......... , I, Ibnan flnWlsk, nl Kenneth lYn<'" 
.. _ .. ,.,1. Williolm 5hakc~drc 

,~,_,~ ... .. ~M Iwfner 
..... "", And~8raU~rg 

' ...... 11, rloman P\JIaMki .., 
Mr.- '''I 1lw Tlw\1 tAl ~ ''''.. ~1","LJr,f ltD» ~ 

EXCLUSIVE 
EIGAGEMEI' 

Page 8 Triton Times April 21, 1972 

A party featuring 
refreshments and 
entertainment highlights 
the grand opening Of. the 
McGovern for PreSident 
headquarters in Encinitas. 
The free event is open to all 
and will be held today from 
3 to 6 p.m. at 563 lst Street, 
Hwy. 101, in Encinitas. 

11 a.m. UCSD Women's Art 
and Music Festival. Gallery 
will be open until 2 p.m ., 
and is located Bldg. 408, 
Matthews. Free. 

12 noon "Artzapoppin" 
Music and Art Festival, 
courtyard, Salk Institute for 
Biolog ic al S. tudie~ . 
Continuous musIc amid 
salable artwork . Tickets $2 
for adults and 51 for 
students and children . 
Tickets available at the 
door . Open until4 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. UCSD Women's 
A.rt and Music Festival, 
" Sonic Meditations", Music 
Gallery, 408, Matthews 
Campus. Free. 

The Israeli students at 
UCSD invite you to 
celebrate Israel's 24th 
anniversary, at 7:30 p.m.; a 
get together, publ ic singing 
and dancing. Israeli food at 
the I nternational House, 
Matthews Campus. 

A duplicate bridge 
tournament will be held 
tonight at 7:30 in the South 
Dining Hall . Information 
Barry 453-0886." 

To bring true peace to this 
world,Sat. Guru Maharaj Ji, 
14 yr . old saint, is revealing 
the source of peace that 
dwells within . His close 
disciple will be at the 
Unicorn today at 3 p.m. 

sunday 
Sunday worship at 
University Lutheran 
church : 8:30 a.m . - Catholic 
mass, 10 a.m. - Lutheran 
service, 5 p.m. - Catholic 
mass. Located across the 
street from UCSD's Urey 
Hall parking lot. 

Dr . and Mrs. Jonas Salk will 
be speaking at the 
I nternational Center tonight 
at 8 p.m . Their topiC is : 
"Bio109Y and Human 
Affairs. ' All are invited to 
attend. 

monday 
UCSD will feature Sir Roy 
Harrod, University of 
Oxford (visiting professor, 
Depar tment of Economics), 
who will speak on " The 
International Monetary 
System" 3:30 p.m. room 
1108 Humanities Library 
Bldg. 

·JOAN 
'", 

.., BAEZ 
I~ 

COl'CERT 
8pm 

SAl APRIL 29 
SPORTS ARENA 

All Seats $2.00 
Ticket at Bill (;amble • all (entral 

\genc.·ie or the .\ rena Ilox Office - 22 t- t 171 
BK'EfIT fOR AIR" AH YOTE 

tues ay submission to Registrar of 
Voters for validating. Takes 

National Black Science 10 min. per name and we 
Students Organization: have thousands of 
Meeting tonight at 6:30 p.m. signatures. [)f)n't let this 
3514 112 Clairemont Dr., proleet go down the drain 
Clairemont. For further for lack of man/woman 
information, call NBSSO power! Call for time and 
(X2382) . place, B. Horwitz 453-G889, 

now. All must be done by 
May 1. 

"Out of the closets and into 
the streets." The American 
Virgins Society is having 
their first organizational 
meeting Tuesday, April 25, 
3:00 p.m . in Lower Blake 
Lounge. For further 
information, call 453-8722. 

Muir commuter 
lockers are still available 
from the Muir Dean's 
office. The lockers are SI for 
Spring Quarter. 

The FIVE and DIME 
coffeehouse needs people to 
sign up for one hour . shifts 
on any of the nights we are 
open. As "you know, FiVE 
and DIME is entirely non-
profit and is volunteer-
staffed . Come by any night 
and sign up for some hours 
- you'll meet some nice 
people and be doing Muir 
College a lot of good. 
NEEDED; volunteers to 
match Mari juana Initiative 
signers' names with 

rilci nct numbers, a 

KAPPA ALPHA PSI 
Fraternity at San Diego 
State University is having 
"a family affair" at 
Belmont Amusement Park 
May 6, 1972 from 5-12 p.m. 
Admission includes free 
rides, and dancing to the 
music of The Mix Breeds; 
also, Arlene and the 
Brothers Five. Donation 52, 
advance tickets sales only. 
For ticket information call : 
477-4655, 263-5134. 

OPEN AUDITIONS for 
"Keep Tightly Closed in a 
Cool Dry Place" by Megan 
Terry, at the La Paloma 
Theater 4 p.m . April 23 and 
24. Characters: Gregory: 
well built, handsome young 
man with an unbalanced 
mind. Michaels : a bur ly, 
coarse, heavy-shouldered 
man, solid, dependable. 
Jaspers : An intense, tall 
intelligent, and arrogant 
fellow . La Paloma i$ 
located in Encinitas, lst & D 
streets. 

TUES.APR. 25 7:30 PM 

Tickeu 11.00 AcIw_ . 11.110 o.y of Sh_ 
TICKETS AYAILAlLE AT: All Sn"_,, Inn~, 1111 Gambl"1 Men'l S'~'", 

Ctnt'll Tltht AI'ntlll, Sportl A"", Tltut OffiCI, 
Call 224-4176 for tkht Inlormatloll 

f'rII11)1"" tl" III'II~! ' ........ I~ '\11 .... 


