
Volume '5, Number J3 

The national organization i barely two 
years old. and the chapter at UCSD is brand 
new. but the National Black Science Students 
Organization has suddenly become a very 
important link to the future for its members 
and for a large segment of the community. 

The NBSSO is just what the name implies: a 
nationwide organization of black college and 
umversity science students who are drawn 
together to help themselve . and other 
minoritie . toward a future in m dicine and 
sCience It · membership IS growing and it 
program are ambitious . 

For th one to 10 black Americans who are 
ca rriers of sickle-cell anemia. th programs 
are extremely crtllcal. 

BSSO began as a collection of 
undergraduate students at the City College of 
:'jew York who f It it was time to take their 
future into their own hands . Originally called 
Black SCience. the group contacted medical 
and graduate school around the nation and , 
de plte peSSimistic responses from advisors . 
held the fir t ational Conference on Black 
Students in Medicine and Science in 
Decemb r. 1969 Over 500 students and 
prof ssiona l sc hool s' representatives 
participated. 

At th conference the members not only 
looked at academiC problem faCing black 
students. but also at medica l and health 
problems affecting the black commuOlty A 
numb r of objectives were formulated . 
Indudmg 1) recognitIOn of the need for black 
profeSSIOnals In the ,(,Iences. 21 Increasmg the 
number of high school students who enter 
coli gf' to tud~' m the technological and 
mcdlcal fi Ids . 31 galOlng Incr£'ased 
enrollments of black and other minontv 
students m medil'al and graduate schools . 4') 
helping to obtam finanCial aid for black 
sC ience students. and 5) assistance m th 
development of speCial programs to keep 
hlack students 10 school 

The second NatIOnal Conference was held 10 
October. 1970. With over 750 students. facultv 
and profeSSIOnal s 10 attendance t the third 
:'jatlOnal onference. held last December 10 
New York City. the announcment of the first 
NBS 0 chapters outSide New York Clt~' was 
made Among the more than 800 attending 
were the first NBSSO student s from the W ·t 
Coast. inciudlOg members of the newl~' formed 
chapter at D. 

The 1I D chapter. th second to b 
chartered. was orgaOlzed by Paul B. Ill1ms. a 
pre-med st udent from C Y stud~' lng at th 
an Diego campus through an exchange 

progr m. Simms IS a pa t natIOnal pr sident 
of BS 0 and IS currentlv a memb r of the 
natIOnal Board of Trustees' 

Some 35 m n and women students began the 
U D chapter la t fall . The m mbershlp 
Includ s mo t of the black students on campus 
who are IOvolved 10 sC ience tudle . but 

811 bed VA hospital opens 
Kathy Kluzek 

Located on the edge of the UCSD campus 
behind the school of medicine, the six-story 
V A hospital has just recently opened its doors 

Ultimately planned to accomodate 811 beds. 
the hospital now has 120 of those operative and 
has admitted its first 60 patients. The e 
patients came from the Los Angeles V A 
hospital at Wadsworth . that is being closed 
down . 

In March . many more VA patients will be 
transferred to thl new site. although the 
hospital will not become fully operatIOnal until 
next fall . 

Highly innovative. the new V A hospital has 
many specia . features It is complet Iy 
earthquake-proof. being built upon 16 "seismiC 
towers" arranged in groups of four 

Th exterior wall IS movable. eas1ly 
allowing any future expansions or necessary 
remodeling. All of the utilities (T\'; 
electriCity. heating. water . air condilloning. 
tra h. etc I are located in interstitial pace . 
that is , in the space between the ceding of on 
story and the floor of the next 

Comprised of six floors plus a ba ement. the 
hospital will devote the Sixth floor entirely to 
research , primanly clinical research. Another 
strong point of it service will be its large 
outpatient program . 

Situated as close as it is to the CSD 
medical school , the V A hospital plans to 
coop rate extensively With It. All of the 
hospital phYSicians Will have staff 
appointments at the med school , and the 
school will have many students. residents. and 
trainees working at the ho pltal 

The sums of money essential to runntng any 
hospital are high and the V A hospital is no 
exception Con trucllon co ts amount to 
somewhere around $35 million while the 
purchase of equipment requires anoth r 9 
million When fully operatIOnal. the operating 
costs will b clos to 15 million. 85 p r cent of 
which goes toward ·taffing 

Presentlv the tare numbers 600 p rsons . but 
this figure w1ll continue to n e until It reache 
Its maximum of 1550 sometime next fall 

For those of yOU who are uncertain a to how 
a VA hospital differ from a public or private 
one the VA hospital admit onh veterans 
Th Ir dependents are not eligible. 0 th re are 
few women and no children to be found among 
Its pallent . 

"The major dlif renc. betwe n the 
ho pltals are tmply that we don t deliver 
bable and that we do offer orne type of 
nur 109 home care." said VA ho pltal Director 
Turner Camp 

e 

I 
University of California, San Diego 

Fighting Sickle-cell anemia 

-Black Science students organize 

'\ ational Black Science tudent5 Orga nization leader~ Sal.' Carreath t'r ... ( left ) and Paul H. 
Simm~ di cu~s the Sickle Cell \nemia testing program ca rri t'd out b~ Ihe or~anization 

rec(' ntl~ at the l nher~it~ of California. San Die~o. Carreather ... i~ a member of Ih(' 
(' ,ecutiH' committee of the l (SO chapl .. r of '\B~SO and coordinator of loral "'icklc (ell 
\n .. mia Testing. Simms is a member of the national Board of Tru<;tet" and pa ... t national 
pre ... ident of ,\ BSSO. 

represent. les than 10 per cent of all black 
students at SO According to Simms. thl ' 
percentag . which drop even lower after four 
~'ears of study . IS consl tent With colleges and 
Universities across the cou ntr~' 

"Th numb r that succeed. that IS . tht' 
numb r that graduate In CI nce . IS les. than 
on -half of thos that start. " . lI11ms said 
"Thl drop I reflected 10 enrollments 10 
graduat and medical . chools.' h Silld 
"There are medical schools 10 the l 'nlted 
tate that have not had a black tudent 10 100 

vears. and there are onlv two medical schoob 
. p clftcallv aim d at' bla k stud nts 
Iloward Unlver It~' 10 WashIOgton. D C and 
Meh rry Medical Colleg 10 'ashvllI . 
Tenness e .. 

The eff ctlvene of the B 0 after tv. o 
year ' is belOg f It 10 many areas acro th 
country Mo t Important I th IOcr a d 

natIOnal r cognitIOn of the organlli.ltlOn s 
effort to overcome W hat It terrm; the lad 01 
mOlivatlOn from medl('al and graduatl' 
schools toward the prosperli\ e blat'k s('Ientlst 

At the most recent nallonal conterence In 
~l'W York elt\ rep res 'ntatlves (It some 30 
medical schools conducted IOtl'n lew. to 
IOform . tlld('nt~ or the \anous opportunities 
avallabl to them 10 ml'dlClOl' and thl' 
t chnologlcal fl('lds \ Similar typ program IS 
'chedul d tor aturda\ . Feb 19. at (;eorgl' 
\\ aslllngton Iligh 'chool 10 L()~ \ngel '. wher(' 
500 to 600 stud 'nts and tacult\ are "pet'ted to 
attend th fir. t \\ . tern RegIOn meeting of tht' 

~B 0 R es(' \'atklO .. :'\atlOnal Chairman 01 
NB ,0. and \1 Imp lOS :'\atlOnal \'Ice 

halrman. Will take part as \\111 memb rs 
from newly-form d chapt rs at tTLA, t C 
Berkelev . San Diego tat Colleg . tanford 
California. tate at Hayward and Lo ngel .. 

Tuesday, February IS, 1972 

and California Pol"techmc Institute 
Equally as ImpOrtant a. the recognition I. 

the work belOg don by memb rs of th' 
NB SO In combatlOg the Ignorance and 
mlsunder. tandmg of . Ickle-cell anemia 

Sickle-cell anemia ha. often b~~n ldllt'd 
. the neglect d dlsea p" becau!-.e It hi!' 
received little support for ~cre(:nlOg . 
educatIOn. and re 'earch In :plle of II. high 
inCidence and mortalll\ rate. among tht> black 
populatIOn It I: an lOcurabll . inherited 
dlsea e caus d b\ an alteratIOn olome of the 
red blood cells. ' allOWing tht'm to pa~: 1 .. 
freel\ through small blood ve:;sl'l: , e\entuall~ 
causing blood clOh It I. senou: at an\' ag{' and 
often fatal durmg childhood 

A child ma\ IOh fit the IC I('-{'ell troll Irom 
one or both parents Somt-ont' \\ho ha-. 
Inhented the trait from onl~ om' parent L 
called a 'carner' and. although h(' Will not 
have the dlsea. e. he ma\ pa. It on to hi 
children About one 10 10 bla(,k Americans I • 
carnCf and about one In 100 couple~ are both 
carners. rlskmg a one In four ch<Joc'e ot hJ\ IO!! 
a child with sickle·cell anl'mla (,Jch lim a 

pregnanc~ occurs 
For the mo. t part. black peupll' haw ht'l'n 

una\\are of . Ickl('·cell anemia as J clHllmUnlt\ 
health problem and thl'reforl' ha\r not tdt-l n 
am larg("'icall' pre\l'ntlw d('t IOn Rl'l nt 1\ 
thiS .Ituallon ha bq::un I) (hangl' .\ Ith 
natulOal efforts b('lng mddl' tn pr{Jlllot 
screeOlng and l'duc;ltll)n prugr,llll lor lit' 
publl( 

Thl \ B::() has 10 thl' pa"t n-:Jr bl UII to 
pla\ J mdJur roll' III COlllbatlO" "I('kll"cel: 
anl'mla through l'duc,lllOn .tnd 1('sllOl:! III th 
black ('lIlllll1Unlt\ In \"l'\\ York (1\\ \t':tlO~ 
began \\Ith O\l'r :1.000 ,tudl'nL .It CC\Y and 
Lung Island lmH'rslt\ Tht, ll'sL a Inlpll' 
blood test de ~Ignl'd to d ,t('( t (\lrnerS \H n 
carned nut b\ student nll'mbl'r 01 ;\B::O 
From thl' IOllial tt'sts . O\l'r :100 "tudpnL \\l n 
lound to bl' ('arnl'r. 

In San DII?go tt'!'itlng began \\ Ith I\.n( \ 
Elemenwn :chool v.hl'rt, thl' io('al \BSS() 
chapter workl'd thN'I~ \\lth thl' n.n I'huol 
ot :'.lcdlC'IIll' and the Biac AClion COlllmltt£'l 
In additIOn :ome l12 tl'. h Wl'r' rl'('('nt!\ 
condurll'd on black . tudcnt and fiJC'ult\ at 
tTSD and further tt'sL art' cht'dukd fir 'i,lr 
Dlle'go :tate Clll1l-ge nn Feb Ii and I,ltl r I 
se\eral area high schuI,ls 

'Our nbJ(ctl\ I IS III rt'Jch l'\t'n hl,le 
person III thl' ('OlllI11UOlt\ .'111101. ,wt \\ l' 
v.lll ronsldl'r It good II V.l rCJ( h 40 tn till pl'r 
tent 01 thl' local black pupuI,tt Ion Thdt \\ould 
l'qual 40000 to oH.1 '.10 p('opll' It pa't 
expenl'nCl holds trUl'. \ IU (dn b ·url' that \\1 ' 
will {lndome 10 pl'r c ~ nt of thl' p('oph <In 
carn r. he said 

If we ('an find th(''i(' propl!' ,lOd gUidI' thrm 
IOtO g 'nelll dllll fl. H'IIUIUPl.J1 (vUliwilll 
th n our efforts and our pro ram. Will hdH 
be n more than worth\\ hlle • Imm .. Id 



J " 

- .' 

news from 

Intensive language 
• program In summer 

The 1972 intensive Summer Language Program is designed 
to provide students with a unique opportunIty to become 
profICIent In French or Spamsh and to live and travel abroad 
while earmng 12 quarter units of either lower-dIvision or upper-
diviSIOn umversity credit The 10-week program (June 18-Aug 
28, 1972) IS deSIgned for all levels of proficiency - from 
beginners with lIttle or no knowledge of French or Spanish to 
those With considerable language background In order to keep 
the program fleXIble, informal. and Intimate, and to enable 
participants to know one another, enrollment WIll be lImIted to 
approximately 35 persons for each language 

The to-week esslon will be dIvided as foliows ' Two weeks of 
preliminary intensive work at the UCSD campu , foliowed by 

IX full weeks of study in France or Spain Students will have 
the last two weeks free for personal travel. tourIng. and 
relaxation In Europe 

The Spanl 'h program will be held In Madrid and the French 
In eIther Alx·en-Prol·ence or ~Ice In SpaIn. students wlllltl'e 
In a modern "coleglO" of th~ UnIversity of ~ladnd In France. 
students WIll be housed In Ingle room in a r sldence at the 
CIte LnIVersltalre WIth meals taken at the UnIversltv 
restaurant . 

Instructional lees for the program are $400 per participant. 
This Includes tUItion . all books and teachIng matenals. cultural 
actIVItIes , and adminIstrative costs An addItional $550 IS 
reqUired to cover room. board, tra\'el. and incidentals , 
Included IS round-trIp air fare between Lo~ Angeles and 

, Europe as well as surface transportatIOn from CCSD to Los 
Angeles International AIrport and from the airport of 
dlsembarcatlon In Europe to the program site The cultural 
program Includes admISSIons to museums and monuments, 
music fesllvals , £tIms. and tour buses and nallve !!Uldes for 
excursIOns 

More detaIled information pertaInIng to course offerings and 
peclal Intere t programs WIll be maIled to everl' l:CSD 

student dunng the middle of next "eek 
The Summer sSlon 1972 bulletIn WIll be distrIbuted :'Ilarch 

3 

NSL lobbys for 
education act 

Todal the ~atlOnal Student Lobby announced a major 
lobbYIng effort on the Higher Education Act S 659 ThiS 
lobbymg activity WIll Involve hundreds of students across the 
country and Will be directed at Congress to Insure full fundmg 
for student assIstance programs . 

Congressman Albert QUle of MInnesota recently called S. 659 
"the broadest hIgher education measure ever to be conSidered 
by the Congre " ThIs btll deals With the relationship between 
students and the Federal Government - tbat means money 
and loans for the majorIty of 86 mIllIon students on 2,573 
campuses across the nation These federal programs Include 
money for ~DEA, EOG programs, work·study and federally 
Insured loans 

Lavton Olson, executive director of the NSL. said "The 
:'>iatlOnal Student Lobby IS calling upon students tv come to 
Wa hlngton on March 22 . 23 and 24 to talk to theIr 
representatIves about thIS Important bIll The funds for student 
assistance program will be substantially cut again thIS year 
unless student take an active role In Congress - that means 
lobbvlng , 

The NSL Lobby Coaferenee on the HIgher Education Act WIll 
be held In Washington. 0 C. at Georgetown University (and on 
CapItol HIli ) March 22, 23 and 24 BeSides spending two full 
davs lobbYing on Capitol HIli and speaking With Congressmen 
and Senators. a schedule of speakers has been arranged 

Jack Anderson. the Washington syndicated columnISt. wtll 
address the students at a reception held on March 24 Anderson 
recently exposed the credIbIlity gap of the Nixon 
AdmInIstratIOn by publishing the 'Anderson Papers" Also. 
John LagomarcIno the director of legislative affaIrs for 
"Common Cause," the citizen's lobby wlil speak on the power 
and potential of lobbYing 

Furthermore, representatives from the Callforma Colorado 
and Texas student lobble ' Will dISCUSS their experIences with 
lobbYIng activit. on the state level 

Onl' week ago the NSL sent a mass mailing to all student 
gOH'rmnents In the UnIted States InVitIng them to end 
delegations from their schools to speak With the 
rl'presenldtl 'l'S Irom their dltrict ThiS literatur outlin d a 
numb r of I'npurtant details II .,tuden!> \\111 be comIng as 
registered Icob)ists With the NSL dnd the L' .S. COl1gress. 21 
InlurmatllJO )1 S 659 Will bl' sent to students who indicate a 
deSIre to ('e me to Washington. D C "0 that students are 
prrpdred fill lobtmog on thl' blli , 31 \\eckl. reports will be 
sent OUI to k""r ""ripnt, Informed about d("clopml'nts 
('Onl'lTning t II ' bill 

LaVlon 01, nn Ihl' :\S!. dln'rtul abo pOlnt('d Oul thaI The 
slud('nts II.h I ( om(' to WashIngton will bl' lohbllng for an 
addItIOnal ~914 million In student dlff over last I'ears 
appruprIatlO' ThIS \\ III ('OH'r In!T(';Jsl'd funding for alltudent 
asslstan('I" rOllram In addition students will rome to 
V. ashlngton 0 pre" 101 spel.'litc prollrams lor their schools 
:uch as cmrrgenn aid to communlll colleges financlallv 
strullllling small ("olil'gc, and ethml herItage programs 

Continued on Page 6 

Page 2 Triton Times February 15, 1972 

Dr. Dean due Monday 

Hypnotist returns to UCSD 
Dr MIchael Dean , the 

" World s Foremost 
Hypnotist. " WIll perform on 
Monda\, Feb. 21. In the Revelle 
Cafeteria at 8 p m ThIs el'ent 
WIll be sponsored b)' the 
Revelle Guest-In-Resldence 
CommIttee, 0 It WIll be free to 
all L'CSD students a nd facult v. 

was reported In the TRITO ' 
TIMES 

thought I would do under any 
circumstances lie removed 
the power of suggestion over 
the t5 subjects and the 
audience crowded around 
everybody believed ." 

"Uniquely. hi s people weren ' t 
handled like animals being put 
through the paces. He, unlike 
any other hypnotist I've see n 
didn 't have to rely on making 
his subjects seem ridiculous." 
writes Kanell. a profeSSIOnal 
critiC 

Dr Dean IS " the onlv 
hypnotIst In ho" bu Iness wIth 
a Doctor of Philosophy 
degree " II has had 
management and 
commUnIcation semi nars and 
courses throughout the country 
for the past 20 )ea rs In fact he 
IS presently "a lecturer on 
effeclll'c communIcation at the 
Unlversltv of California 
Extension' program. " here In 
San DIego 

Carrie Rick v. arts editor of 
the TRITO;-.J TIME . went to 
that performance and wa 
hypnotised. This is what she 

In addition to entertaining 
people , Dr, Dean also is 
successful 10 motivating 
people . Wayne Carpenter of the 
SAN DIEGO U ION wrote 
that. "Dean is becoming 
succe sful in the motivation 
field . chIefly because his brand 
of motivation is unique. It's a 
CUrIOUS mixture of pep-talk. 
hypnotism. general semantics. 
showmanshIp and plain. old-
fashioned common sense ." 

This is how Dean described 
hi methods." It's merelv auto-
suggestion . If you belIeve. you 
are . Tell yourself you' re a 
failure and vou bi!come a 
failure 'apoieon Hill. who 
wrote 'Thlnk and Grow Rich,' 
and Claude Bristol. author of 
'The MagiC of Believing.' 
di covered the e principles. 
That's what hypnotism is all 
about. .. 

But he IS also one of the most 
ama Ztng hypnotists In the 
world " He has broken show 
bUSIness reccrds in practically 
even' club In which he has 
appe'ared at the Sahara and 
ThunderbIrd hotels in Las 
Vegas and at Harrah's clubs In 
Reno and Lake Tahoe ." Now he 
IS headlinIng at the Gaslight 
Supper Club In San Diego , last 
year he appeared at Revelle 
and hIS show packed the 
cafetcrIa People toad on 
rafters , tables, In chairs. sat on 
the floor, no one could move 
But the show was worth it. as 

said about it. " I had doubted 
hypnoltsts before - but now I 
do believe . Dr. Dean had me 
domg things that I never 

Dr Dean 's show I really 
engrossing but he never has to 
make a fool out of hiS subjects 
to entertain the audience. 

These techniques and a 
fas c inating hypnotic 
demon tratlon will be featured 
in hIS performance Monday. It 
promises to be an exciting and 
unforgettable evening. 

CHICANOS MEET CHANCELLOR 
EDUCATIONAL PRIORITIES DISCUSSED 

A Chicano coalition of MECHA 
members . faculty, adminIstrative 
staff. graduate students and San DIego 
community leaders met with the 
newl y ap'pointed UCSD Chancellor 
yesterday at3 :00 p.m. in hi s Matthews 
office. The purpose of the meeting was 
to acquaint Chancellor McElroy with 
the SOCIal , economic and academic 
needs of the Chicano people a t the 
UniverSity, the community and >ociety 
in general 

After a brief introduction of persons 
attending, Rick Valdez, E. 0 , P. 
recruiter, took the floor in briefIng the 
Chancellor in statistics which exposed 
the discrepancIes in the higher 
educational system of California . 
Chicanos, as a whole, make up from 
15% to 18% of the population of 
CalIfornia. yet the UCSD percentage of 
Chicanos attend mg IS below 6.5% 

Chicanos make up 14% of the 
graduatIng high school students m the 
CltV of San Diego and 36% In the 
Imperial Valley It was pOinted out by 
Rick Valdez the POSSibIlities of 
carr) Ing oul a more careful 
recrUitment program to mollvate and 
recrUit Chicanos He added , "because 
Chl('anos lack the necessary 

rell n em~nl (if educatIonal 
organIzations manv of those hIgh 
schoul graduates are not aware of th 
servlc s we art' now able to prOVide 
What we need IS more awaren ss . 
finance , and sta rr to reach these 
neglected IIIdlvlduals . With mor 
commitment from the UnIversltv . It 
was pointed out. Chicanos WIll meet 

MECHA Communicotions Comittee 

the desired educational quota and the 
equitable goal of l4% Chicanos at 
UCSD could be reached. 

Rick Valdez asked for personal 
cooperation from Chancellor McElroy , 
who agreed to cooperate and will work 
closely with Mr. Rick Valdez in an 
attempt to reach the counselors in the 
High Schools . 

Next to take the lloor was Eric 
Martinez , Tutorial co mponent 
director. Mr. Martinez, on behalf of 
MECHA , expressed concern over the 
rumor that the EOP Program faced 
termination and the desire to know 
what are the plans to meet the 
oncomi ng problem in providing 
financial assistance to th over 680 
UCSD students. He pomted out that the 
number of 680 students on financial 
aids WIll Increase next year to 950 and 
is expected to reach the "high number of 
1.300 In Fall 1973 . 

Mr. Martinez also pointed out the 
drop-Qut rate of EOI' students which IS 
from 12% to 15% at UCSD. while It IS 
50% at other educational institutions 
on the national level. Mr Martinez 
feel s that the attrition rate can be 
reduced If more attentIOn IS centered 
on the problem lie urged that an 
actIOn program be establIsh d that 
would extend the tutoria I services to 
tud 'nts In need He lurther advocated 

that a clo,er watch shou ld be kept on 
speCIal actIon student In order to 
facillate their stay at UCS D Mr Enc 
Martinez pointed out that about 120 
students had dropped out of UCSD and 
thaI currently over lOOare In probation 
and face di smIssal. 

To cut the auriti n rate Eric 
MartInez called for an innovative 
program that would ameliorate the 
general requirement that all UCSD 
students take 12 units. " There should 
be special consideration for special 
action students and should be 
coordinated by the Tutorial program at 
UCSD," Martinez suggested . 

Enc Martinez pointed out that there 
are more Chi cano in penal institutions 
then in educational. He ca lled for the 
coordination of transitional programs 
that would seek to reach and identify 
eligible Chicanos soon to be released 
from the penal instItutIOns. The 
process would entail identi f ication of 
high-potentia l indi vidua ls. close 
counseling and eventual channeling 
into UCSD or other educational 
institution of higher learnIng. 

Another area of recruitment would 
be the military. The UCSD tutorial 
staff would se~k to faciliate the 
entrance of Chicanos coming out of the 
Armed Forces by helping them acqUire 
the educaltonal benefits offered to 
them. 

Al the conclUSIOn of the meeting 
MECHA members VOiced their 
approval but called for a cun tlnuation 
of these meetings to encourage 
constructIve and concrete actions. 

A MECIIA spokesman announced 
that there will be a Wednesday mght 
meeting to diSCUSS the Issues 
artIculated before Chancellor 
McElroy . MECHA meets in the new 
InternatIOnal Hall at 7: 30 p.m All 
Chi cano Students , Faculty and Staff 
are asked to attend . Triton Times 



- .' 

On Bureaucratic tupidity 
liy Ham callion 

How often have you felt or seen expressed, the idea that the 
government (or one of its agencies) has behaved foolishly. 
enacted an absurd piece of legislation or otherwise failed all or 
some of those It represents? Sometimes the clearest 
impression is one of stupidity : (LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL 

o 4472 : On the value of the mathematical constant PI. It is 
proposed that the constant PI be updated from Its currentlv 
Irrational and uncertain value to the clear and precise value of 
3. The impact of this measure upon the educational institutions 
of our state will be manyfold ... ) 
And yet we are variously assured that the men and women in 
government are not stupid. Selections procedures have existed 
for y~rs that have put intelligent people into key government 
posItions. One does not expect that the administration of IQ 
tests to mdlvlduals in decision making positions would reveal 
the source of "bureaucratic stupidity ." 

How often have we been blessed with a "bright NEW star" 
on the political horizon f only visible during "political night," of 
course) that wa s gOing to save/ rescue someone or other ? And 
what seems to happen? This valiant soul plunges IOtO the fray 
amidst herOIC crys and histOriC comments Then. perhaps. a 
shudder runs through the great structure and It slowlv settles 
back Into place. What IS it about government that soaks up 
indiVidual mteillgence and stifles indlviduallnillative' 

A Simpler Example 
While the answer to that quesuon Sf'ems neces an" difficult 

and complex If we ponder a moment. we can find simpler 
examples of 'bureaucratlc tupldlty Evervone mu t have a 
smail repertoire of Insane experiences with "or~aOlzatlons" 
that can be related to sustain the point Enlltles such as the 
phone compan~ gas and el ctriC co almost any customer 
servlC~ departm~nt am where. large banks these'all serve as 
orgaOlzatlons that often eVidence stupidity 

Of course. It IS extremely Important to distingUish between 
th bureaucrallc structure and the Individual I people 1 withm 
that structure When one does manage to achieve results . m the 
tYPical SituatIOn nls becau e the mdivldual acting In behalf of 
the orgamzatlOn has been per uaded to act m OPPOSition to the 
orgamzalional structure Immedlatelv around him (such as 
when vou are permitted to speak to someone vou "rea llv aren't 
supposed to bother" I _. 

ConSider a short example from "true life" A UCSD student 
rented a house a few days after Its prevIOus tenants had moved 
out The gas and elec triC service had not vet been di scontinued 
but there was a nOllce In the mail box that said service would 
be terminated 10 three davs unless the gas company was 
contacted l'nfortunately. the nOllce was three days old. 
:--laturalil he cal led the gas company and arramged 'to take 
over the gas and electric bills. However th order had alreadv 
gonl' out to dlsconncctervlce so the student wa s adVised to 
plare nOles on rnHh meters so that the gas-man wouldn t turn 
him off \I, ell thl' gas ml'ler was easv te. find the electriC 
m('l{'r v.as not and the hapl!'ss student ended up gOing off to 
l'ia" v.nhout haVing found 11 Sure enough . whm he got back to 
hi" nl'w h01111' gas \'l'S el{'('tnl'ltl no 

;\,xt Ijdl' hI ('"IIl'd agalO It turn{'d out that s~r\,l{e ('annot be 
re.ton d ~lthI Jl,t ,om"ont' bem): prl'sl'nt when th,· g.Js·man 
cOlildh I nl llrtunJtl'l1 thl' '1udl'nt cannot hi' SlIft' til be hOllll' 
It th p rt~ht tlllll' 111('(' theft· i.1n' two posslbll' limes 'oml'on" 
(dn be " 'nt out ,oml'llml' lrom H to 12 or SOllll'IIITil ' 11'0111 12 to 

Contmul'd on Pa e; 

triton times 

Perpetual Sexism in Education of Western Tradition 
By Kit Szanlo 

Selected ReadiDg from a Revelle 
HumaDities SequeDce 

HUMI 
Freud "Women represent the interests 
of the family and sexual life : the work 
of civilization ha become more and 
more men's business: it confronts 
them with ever harder tasks. compels 
them to subli mation of instinct which 
women are not easily able to achieve ." 

GraysOD Kirk (former President of 
Columbia Univ.) " It would be 
preposterously naive to suggest that a 
B.A. can be made as attractive to girls 
as a marriage license." 

Stokeley Carmichael " The onlv 
position for women in SNCC is prone.': 

HUM. II 
Aristotle " Again . the male is by nature 
superior. and the female inferior : and 
the one rules the other is ruled : this 
principle of necessity extends to all 
mankind." 

Proverbs 10 .T.) " A virtuous woman is 
a crown to her husband " 

HUM. III 
St. Paul " Wive. submit vourselves 
unto your own husbands, as unto the 
Lord ." 

Chester Mystery Plays (God to Eve) 
"And. woman. I warn thee truly Thv 
mischief I shall multiply With 
penance. sorrow and great annoy ThV 
children shalt thou bear . And slOce 
thou hast done 0 today The man shall 
master thee alway And under hi s 
power thou .halt be ave Thee to drive 
Into ca re." . 

HUMIV 
Montaigne "On friend hip .. . the 
ord inary ufflclencv of women cannot 
answer this conference and 
commUnicatIOn. the nu rse of thiS 
sacred bond. nor seem their minds 
strong enough to endure the pulling of a 
knot so hard. so fast. and durable " 

Luther " Men have broad shoulders and 
narrow hips and accordingly they 
pos ess intelligence Women hal'e 
narrow hould rs and broad hip 
Women ought to stay at home. the wal' 
they were created indicates thiS for 
they have broad hips and a \\ Ide 
fundament to Sit upon .' 

SbakespeareThy husba nd IS th~ lord . 
thy life. thl' keeper " 

HUMV 
BurtoD " ... those two main plagues. 
and common dotages of humankind. 
wine and women , which have 
infatuated and besotted myriads of 
people ... 

MiltoD (Dalila spcaking) " It wa a 
weakness in me but incident to all our 
sex, curiosity inquisitive. importune of 
secrets. then with like infirmity to 
publish them, both common female 
faults ,' , 

Rosseau "The whole education of 
women ought to be relative to men. To 
please them, to be useful to them .... 
(and so on through the fifth book of 
Emile )," 
HUM VI 
TeDnyson : "Woman is the lesser 
man ." 
Goethe: "One hould train boys to 
serve a nd girls to be mothers :' a II will 
then be well everywhere." 

While this selection may not 
represent the average humannies 
readlOg list at its balanced best. it does 
point up a problem. not only with the 
Humanitie sequence. but the way in 
which the universities teach Western 
Cultural Traditions . Instead of 
analyzing this one very basic part of 
our cultural tradition - male 
supremacy the universitv 
perpetuates it by the unexamined 
acceptance of sexist platitudes uttered 
by great men (and sometimes women ) 
throughout the ages . Lack of criticism 
is not neutrality : it is implicit support 
of the offered views . 

It IS true that not all great men were 
male chauvinists: some of the reading 
In the Humanities courses is 
consciously not part of the male 
tradition . some of the writer here 
represe nted have their better 
moments But there are many more 
wnters than thi brief electIOn whose 
male bia s is evident in their work . 
Some of their comments are mean t to 
be witty but wit depends on an agreed 
upon kernel of truth The whole 
complex issue of how we have come to 
accept that "kernel of truth " about 
women IS of vital importance. central 
to any such course as the Humamtic 
equence. and one which IS ra rel\' ever 

di scussed . 
The attitude of varIOus writers 

through hlstor~ on quesllons of 
democracy. slavery. homosex uality. 
patrIOtism. the diVine nght of k lOgs . 
and most other topics are examined 
aga inst the social and economic 
backgrounds of the limes what se ries 

of circumstances have combined 
which help to produce such and such an 
attitude toward a given issue. 
However, Aristotle 's or Luther 's sexist 
attitudes are not recognized as one of 
their limitations (others of which may 
be recognized ): rather their 
statements are uncritically accepted 
as "proof" of women's natural 
inferiority or. perhaps more often. 
ignored as an irrelevent eccentricity of 
their thought. But male chauvinist 
remarks are not accidental. They are 
the top of the sexist iceberg :' they 
indicate the presence of the submerged 
eight-ninths which, as we all know. is 
the serious menace. 

The problem is not solved by 
blaming their attitude on forme'r 
unenlightened times : Stoke lev 
Carmichael and Grayson Kirk do not 
offer any advance. The problem is with 
us now. in our childhoods. our schools. 
our universities. and our societie . The 
real problem is far more complicated 
and far less amusing than compiling an 
anthology of great sexist quotes 
through the ages : it is structured into 
our thoughts and lives . into women's 
thoughts as well as men·s. 

The endless unanalyzed reiteration 
of women's inferior role in University 
humanities courses has a damaging 
effect on the full development of 
women's potential. Even if each single 
comment is ignored. the weight of the 
mass of such comments is 
discouraging to women . 
Subcon ciously most women absorb 
some of the male bias and therefore 
help to perpetuate it. Only by facing 
the i sue and opening a discussion of 
the causes (and relationships of the 
causes) of male domination can such 
comments from accepted authOrities 
be seen in their proper per pective. 

One of the problems involved IS that 
we often don't notice male bias : It IS 
part of mankind ' world view . We 
discuss " Man and his relation to 
Society" and presume thiS covers 
Woman as \Veil , Too often it doesn ·t. 
Burton 's " humankind " is plagued bv 
wine and women : clearlv in this case 
women haven 't even made it to the 
human level. But Burton 's sexism no 
longer matters . at least compared with 
Twentieth Century sexism 

Male chauvinism is a central part of 
the cultural tradition we have 
inherited . the Universltv has an 
obhgallon to confront. analyze. and 
discuss this part of our trad·llion . Its 
uncrillcal perpetuation is anilthetical 
to any humanist or SC ientific endeavor. 
It is lime " humankind " included 
women as well as men 

Attention all UCSD Women Pratr and r rrrdolll On f alllplis 
Ii ~ Bruce Bon ~i(jrl1 i 

The time is again at hand at 
which we Will be victims of a 
lesser -o f·two-evlis attitude 
selectmg our next president. As 
past performances IOdlcate, 
the major political parties wlil 
Ignore left wing radical 
thou~ht offenng a crop of 
liberal Democrats as 
candldales hoping to placate 

thl~ tartlon. forCing 
compromise among the left. 
and attempting to channel thiS 
energl for thclr support The 
validity 01 thiS statement IS 
attested bl thl' pa,t campall!ns 

of Lyndon Johnson. Eugene 
McCarthy. and. not to be 
excluded . George McGovern . 
The result of such IS alienation 
of the left·wing (radical) 
factIOn . adding to the extreme 
dl ssal1sfacllon. 

Such tendencies of the 
Democratic and Republican 
parties were responsible for 
the birth of the Peace and 
Freedom party 111 1967. Peace 
and Freedom was organized 
with the purpose of presenting 
to the voter. a more broad 
chOice from the poli tical 
spectrum uSing the electoral 
svstem as one of It s means to 
return power 1I1tO th hands of 
the people. redl stnbutlng 
political as well as 'conomlc 
po\\cr ThiS wa s th case 10 
1968 and IS again the ('ase 10 
1972 

Attention all UCSD womer, - faculty, staff , Caculty wives . 
students - do you feel 'ou are being underpaid or 
discriminated against on c;mpus? Would you rather be a 
computer operator than a keypunch operator and earn more 
per month? Would you rather be a faculty member than a 
" faculty wife"? Would you rather garden than clean toilets? 
Would you like to know how to pursue your grievances on 
campus? 

Editor-In-I hlrf \11.1" ~I'h In 
\Ian ~ in~ ~ dilnr Cam' ~harld. 
Ru" lr~, 'I ana~fr T frr~ Raral. 
\rh ~ dilor Carrie Hlrl.f' 

til' ldllor F rank Phillip-

In :\ol'(>rnber of last ~ear the 
:'-jew Partl' Com'enuon wa ~ 
held v.lth the delegatIOns 
pres('nt r<'p res('ntlng fourth 
part\' movemcnt~ from twenty· 
'IX stiltes ,Ind Californ;a 
represenwd bl the P&F Partl' 
Th~ product of the ('onvenuon 
was a coa litIOn partl' the 
Peoples Party Intended to 
bprnme a natlO'nal fourth party 
- and the drafting of Dr 
Benjamlll Spcx'k I' a "stand-m" 
preSidential ca ndidate 

During the past year (under the UCSD Affirmative ActIOn 
Program through the Department of Health . Education , and 
Welfare ) statistics have been compiled showing what many 
women on campus al.ready .know and have suffered personally 
- unequal pay and dlscrlmmauon UCSD women now have an 
opportu1l1ty to make those impersonal statistics come to life as 
personal , individual statements on employment inequities 
There are people on campus who need to hear and diSCUSS these 
problems. Several women of the Chancellor's Comm ittee on 
Equal Employment Opportunity for Women have e tabli shed 
open mect1l1gs eve ry Thursday at noon for women to dls('uss 
how and why changes ('ould be madc at UCSD Although th~se 
changes are requlr d by law It IS necessarv for the ~:f:OW 
commlttl'£> to hear from women personally In order to make 
proper rccommendatlons to the chanccllor 

If vou are Interested. please JOin the many WOol 'n now 
m ('ling at noon on Thursdays. 10 4050A eSB. Ri-vell e campus 
Or. ('ontaet your representatlv(' 

Pho lJ~raph, Ed,lnr Jor f .• _II·rn 
Ntws Oeportmenl Gleno Sch 'o~!e r 
R~. D ,'" Pholo9,aphen 
MQr~ A( 100'0 MIUSe)41U"" 
Ka,hy 'k Doug Spa .. 
John/\ rt90r ArhDepartment 
Ke."n )I '-O n MQf~ Siegel 
Manu -I rnOI"lOel Don Speflen' 
Copy ~"de" En( Peril'l'lo"l 
[)ebb"MonI90""-'y Jom tlndbel9 

Cop' Edilor Chuck Graham 
[dilorial Dirrclor DB' id Burhlllnder 
'Iport, Edilor \lil.e Hath 
\,,\. lIu,iIlP" \I /(r lIl'bblt, 'Ionl!l0 ml'r ~ 

r.m H,r$cf, 
ProductlDn 
00"'108uchblnder 
M,ke Se\mo 
Mark ll~ko 
Spoth Oepar1menr 
Mark Lisko 
Mor' Young 

Andy E .. ob,oo~ 
POI SIOCy 
Jon lelev et 
Doug Beanon 
Adverfls;ng Depoftmen t 
BonnIe Momottck 
GIOflO Mortmfl 
Sle"e Cohen 

1M TI TON TIllIS" ""'III.., ''' ........... _I" II. It ...... M~'" ~, 1M ' ........ 'Of,.,.' 1o,,4.f "" 
V_,·",.f Col"., ... s .. D,.... I"WIfIII 2SO. M"lIww. '_'. t. J .... ' ... f ..... nUl. ,,,,,".1Iori ~ twi .. 
.... .., .. 10 ... ,,004 Fr.". OIIK ....... " .... ,_ 11/. 11 ... HoIl . .. IIw 1.,,110 C_, F., A4tOlI";"V 
,.... l»'lOOO 11011; '" "',t .. itlor _. pIIooo 110/ •. 

Page 4 T nton Times February 15, 1972 

The Peace and Freedom 
Partl' IS an afflllatp of thiS 
roalillon. 11lvulv{'d at thl lime 
with Dr Spocks ('ampalgn III 
add Ilion to Jim Stro kl 's bid for 

('ontmued on Page 11 

ConOie Pence. Chairwoman 
Ruth Covell. Mling Chairwoman 
Yvonne EliaS. non-academic/staff XI952 
Hel n I lawklns. grad students 459-7550 
Olena Blaek. undergraduates 755-8973 
lIel en Longi no facul t~· X 1220 
SIO . 
Donnda Bickley . UC Ilospnal 
Carol Bronson. Adm1l11stratlve Ass !. to Chan('ellor 
Dagmar Barnouv. . Lecturer 10 Literature 
Hut h Grobsteln 
Dorothy Parsons 
Margar t Burbldgc 
Richard Atllveh 
Arnold Mandell 

Raza Unida 
Political Action 

By Manuel de Jes u s Hernand ez 

The opinion article by MECHA Community Action 
Committee entitled "EL PARTIDO DE LA RAZA UNJDA " 
needs some clarification. Many of the points made in the 
article are quite good - the exploitative conditions under 
which chicanos live, the lack of political representation, etc . 
Moreover, it is true as the article points out that the 
development of the Raza Unida Party is a response to these 
conditions , and as such. it is a "grass roots movement. " and is 
mtended to provide " political education. leadership and 
representation. " 

What the article fails to point out lucidly however . is that all 
of these objectives in order to be successful must be done on an 
absolute independent ba is . That is, the RAZA UNIDA PARTY 
must be totally independent of the Democratic and Republican 
parties I 

On this point the article is not clear. for the statement is 
made that " if necessary !The RAZA UNJDA PARTY will ) ... 
Corm a power block to act as a lever on the existent politica I 
structure . The latter to insure or negotiate for actual equitable 
and positive reforms." 

Co-Option 
If this means that the RAZA UNJDA is to be a pressure 

group, primarily within the Democratic party, then the 
objectives laid out will be unrealized . for we will simply find 
ou rselves used and "co-opted" once again by the Democrats. 
For many years we have played " tootsie" with the Democrats 
(Viva" ennedv Clubs. Viva Johnson Clubs. etc,,) and the re ult 
IS that the cOIidition of " nuestra Raza " has gotten worse. What 
we have to realize is that the Democratic and Republican 
parties are extensions or arms. if you will. of the same 
body-the capitalist system of the U.S .. which not only explOits 

Public Support 
Editor ! 

I would like to express my 
public support for you as a 
woman and editor of UCSD's 
TRITON TIMES. The two 
editorials w~ich appeared in 
the Feb. 4 editIOn did not have 
to happen. . . IF all of us 
WOMEN in the UCSD 
community had taken our 
responsibilities in seeing that 
the paper expressed OUR 
vlewpomts. The travesty we 
witnessed in that issue was our 
Sin of omissioD. If we want to 
be heard . to be fairly 
represented. we must take 
a dvantage of every 
opportunity. The freedom of 
the press offers that to us : we 
must make use of it. So. I 
Implore everyone of us to send 
copy to the TRITON TIMES 
concerning the actiVities of 
women on thiS campus . Don't 
wait to be asked . just go ahead 
and offer . There are some very 
Important things happening for 
women in the Affirmative 
",c llon Committee . in 
indiVidual departmpnts . in 
nonacademic offices I all those 
' lnvisible" secretaries are 

doing somethlOg!). Let 's bring 
the Women 's Movement above-
ground on the UCSD campus . 

Sincerely. 
Ms. Lin Barron 

A Radical Lesbian 

Attention Billie . 
Editor ' 

ThiS letter IS a replv to a 
Criticism bV Ms Billie London 
of mv article on Women 's Lib 
ITT ' 21 4/ 27 1 Her letter 
appeared in last Monday's 
CRAZY TIMES . "a journal of 
correct opinion ... 

~' Irst I would like to thank 
her for not classifying me with 
Kevm Olson . at least for saying 
that I am not as " insecure" as 
Olson apparently is 

Secondly. I would advise her 
to reread my article and pay a 
little more attention to what I 
had to say. I am afraid that 
since Ms London saw a male's 
name on a Women's Lib 
article, she immediately went 
on the defensive and read the 
article with a jaundiced eye. 

According to her, the essence 
of my article " is that before we 
( white angle-saxon sic 
protestant sic males I ca n 
recogmze you as worthwhile 
human beings you must prove 
your worth . That no one should 
be given It sic as a divine 
right. " 

On the contrary. Ms London . 
I neither said nor implied 
anythlOg of the sort. I am fully 
a ware of the meanmg of 
humanism and count myself as 
a follower of tha t doctrine 

In my article I dealt With two 
problems that were mentioned 
at the meeting : the fact that 
Woman 's se lf -image IS 
damaged (which Gloria herself 
stated l and that of male 
harassment (which the law 
student complained about I. I 
said that the way for a woman 
to repair her self-image wa s 
through success in unhampered 
competition with males. If she 
doesn 't succeed. how can he 
herself feci equal to men? The 
only cure for a damaged self-
Image is success. The other 
statement I made. concerning 
success and proving herself. 
pertained to endmg male 
haras ment. I am for equal 
opportunity lor all However 
the fact remains that if women 
don 't want to be thou~ht of by 
men as anything more than 
drudges. then they are g011lg to 
have to show the chauvlmsts 
that they can get the job done 
right' If you don 't care what 
the males think. then don 't 
complam if they conllnually 
ask "Why aren 't you home 
mlOding the kids ?" The~' are 
not going to SLO p unless you 

fll'IIIIIIPIRIEI:Liwl'STIU'DE'1'TS"IIIIIIIIII~ 
THE LSAT REVIEW COURSE 

Instructi ng in exam laking le(hniques used successfully by 
California pre-law students to moximize Iheir lSA T SIOres, will 
begin c10ues on Manh 23 for the AprillSAT. Taught in Son Diego 
by pradicing lowyers. (ost: S75. 

For (omplete information, (ALL TODAY 
(213) 655-8046 

July and October instruction also DYDllabie. 
III1I IIIIII11111111111I1111 1I 111111111111111111111 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111;: 

chicanos, blacks, women, other minorities and working people 
in general' but also reaches out and does the same thing in 
Vietnam , Latin America , Palestine. the Congo, etc., etc. 

You cannot be for the RAZA UNIDA PARTY and for the self-
determination of chicanos , and vote for the Democratic party 
- to do so, is to be inconsistent. You cannot be for " La Raza" 
and vote for the party of Johnson . Wallace. Conr_ , lIy . Mayor 
Daly, etc., which has used and exploited chicanos! 

The RAZA UNIDA PARTY must be a completelv 
independent party - a party that will educate our " gente ~' 
about the "cancerous" system we live under. and that will 
organize people to fight for their just rights I The Denver Youth 
Conference. hosted by Corky Gonzales 10 1971. called for such 
an indcpendent party. At the RAZA NIDA Conference held In 
Pueblo, Colorado this past November, a similar resolution was 
adopted. 

Democratic Party Recognizes Danger 
This election year carries many perils for those of u who 

want to maintain the HAZA U IDA as an independent 
IOstrument of the chicano commu1l1ly. The Democratic party 
recognizes the danger of such an independent party. and will do 
everything to "co-opt " it. Last October Spanish-speakmg 
Democrats in the .S Congress hosted the "Spamsh-speaklOl( 
Caucus." which wa s an attempt to Ime up the chicano vote on a 
" Dump Nixon" issue, With the consequence that they will vote 
for the Democratic candidate. ThiS attempt however failed 
and the chicanos and other Spanish-speaking people. instead 
called for independent pollllcal acllon. divorced from the 
capitalist parties. A similar attempt IS being made moreover 
by the Democ rats with their sponsoring of the Black Caucu .. 
The Women 's Caucus (Glona Steinem 1 and the Youth Caucus. 

The Democrats are scared. and chicanos and other 
oppressed groups must be on guard to insure that their 
independent mass movements are not te red back into the 
hands of capitalist organizatIOns such as the Democratic and 
Republican parties. Chicanos must continue to bUild an 
independent RAZA NIDA PARTY and to support mass 
independent political actIOns such as the up-coming ;'\allonal 
Anti-War Demonstration in Los Angeles on April 22. Onll' 
through such actions will the ull1mate self-determmatlOn 01 the 
chicano commumtv be achieved 

letters to the Editor 
prove that you are capable of 
doing other work . This does not 
mean that I am telling you that 
you have to prove anything . I'm 
onl y suggestmg the way to stop 
male harassment of women. If 
vou are not mterested. that's 
your problem Perhaps you 
have an alternate solullon' As 
far as I can tell. nMher of 
those problems can be solved 
With employment quotas 

I am completely in favor of 
equal opportuOitles for women 
Ms London I agree With you' 
WHY DO YOU HATE ME " 

DaVid Kri toffer on 

Defeated Purpose 
Editor: 

Alexander Pope. 10 hiS 
" Essav On CritiCism." once 
wrote: " The crltick else 
proceeds without Remorse 
Seizes your Fame. and puts his 
Laws in Corce." 

To thi S bit of verslficallon. 
Billie London obviou Iy 
adheres in her recent unsubtle 
tatement in the Feb. 7 edit ion 

of the CRAZY TIMES. It seems 
to me that Ms London . as I'm 
ure she'd like to be ca ll ed. has 

brilliantlv defeated the whole 
purpose -of Women 's Lib by 
verifying all stigmas attached 
to the female culture. the two 
most limiting being 
"emotional " and " illogical." 
and the one most detrimental. 
"crude," 

I am referring to one 
particular line in her CritiCism 
(though It is not even that In 
her resort ion to crudltv I of 
Kevin Olson. I am not here to 
vindicate the wavs of Mr 
Olson. but I am here In 
response to what I feel was not 
only tactlessly written. but 
vulgar as well. One ca n write 
critici m With tact. often 
referrcd to as sallre and /o r 
Ironv . and still achlcve the 
sam'e goal. that of accurate 
judgement of a sltuauon 

Ms London does nonc of thiS 

Instead. she finds It nece sarI' 
to depend upon one of the base'r 
natures of man. with her 
allUSIOn being just as uncouth 
Granted. her opInion I valid 
and In manv Circles has drav.n 
much sympathy However . 
truth was nevcr sta tlsllcal. and 
I can only deplore her methods 
of expression. If perhap I've 
made the mistake of taklOg her 
sentence out of context. rest 
assured It was no mistake. It IS 
mv deliberate mtenl10n to pomt 
out that were the entence 
placed In Its onglnal 
envlrl'nment. It would till 
contain little meamng outSide 
of the I·ulgant~· It preSCribe 

Sherr~ Compton 

Who 's Kevin? 
Editor: 

Who IS thiS bastard KeVin 
Olson? Is he trying to prove 
that he IS c1ose-mlOded and a 
bigot? No matter. he proved It 
When reading hiS arl1cie one 
finds no basi for hiS name-
calilOg. HIS cntlclsms lack 
integrity and thought Is he a 
mechanical sldnderer that ee 
only first Impressions and 
makes no effort to Justify 
them' 

ThiS letter Isn 't written to 
support or, condemn the 
Wom en's Lib eration 
movement It purpose IS to 
ask for common sense and a 
little meditation before one 
spouts out opInions Maybe 
Olson IS incapable of thiS 

Smcerell'. 
Robm T1mm 

Laura Zweckbronner 
Margaret Dean 

Beverlv Emerson 
. ToOl Delg 

Connie Osborn 

Uncalled for 
Editor 

Above and bevond the bct If 
one agrees or disagrees Wi th 

PAPA DINUCHI'S 
ITALIAN fOOD 

Wednesday Nite Special: 
Spaghetti Dinner, AU You (an Eat S 1.59 

327 N. Hw 101 , Solana Beach 755-2733 

Stupidity ... CoDtinued Iro 11 Page 4 
4, and students have classes. Is It really necessary for someone 
to be home?? 

" Yes, sir, I am afraid it IS. we must make sure th<.t all the 
pilots are lit , you know." 

" Indeed. but my gas IS stili on It s onlv the electrll'lt~ that 
needs to be started." 

Problem Resolved 
Ultimately. our student made an acceptable suggestIOn and 

it was agreed that the electriC service would be reinstated but 
the power SWitch outSide the house would be turned off That 
way. the student didn't have to be home at whatever unknown 
time someone would show up. and yet pov.er would not b£' 
applied until he came home and turned on the SWitch ThiS was 
done and everyone was happy 

Now the purpose of thiS story IS not to pound on the gJ' 
company. Their positIOn IS properly so The point is to portral 
a real exchange that evidences the constricting powers of 
organizational structure If somehow. the gas company were a 
single IItaOic indiVidual. we would expect ven different 
behavior on hiS part First of all we would have exp cted that 
when the student inil1ally called. Mr Gas CompaOl would ha\(' 
Simply agreed to not discont1l1ue service whde m the real 
Situation. it was " Impossible" to agree to this smce a totall~' 
separate indIvidual within the structure was Involved. and the 
structure f based on economies of lime/money I did not support 
dlrect commumcatlon wnh that person. 

Secondly. upon the occasion of the student s second ('all we 
would most likely expect Mr Ga Companv with hi vast 
pracllcal experience. to Immediately make the sUj!gestlOn that 
the student ull1matell' made However 111 the real SituatIOn 
thiS was unlikell' because the vast practical experience 
possessed by the ga company re Ides within mdlnduals that 
are rendered inacceSSible b\ the companv's structure 

Tak1l1g all thiS with several grams of easoned salt . and 
generalizmg where ever po Sible we mlj!ht find that our dad\' 
frustrations assume an entlreh nev. flavor We need onll keep 
10 mlOd the followmg supposluon It I. perhap pos:lble thaI 
. bureaucratic tupidlty " is not alwa~'s the fault of stupid 
bureaucrats. 

Mr Olson's article of Februarv 
4. I leel :>1I5S lor should I sa\' 
;\ts 1 London's arllcie of the 
Feb ; edition of CRAZY 
TI:-'IES was uncalled for both 10 
n vulgarity and emotlonailtl' 
Billie London stated that ~lr 
OIsons arucJe was m poor 
taste . I feel her arUcie Insult: 
one's ae the tic senses far more 
With her let hiS blonde lods 
grow sufflclentll and get 
another job other than sta[f 
writer for the TRITO:-; 
T1:\IES . he mentions ' that 
anvmore that I sal about It Will 
lend credulity to ;\Ir 01 on and 
his article. : and she has 
alreadl said too much It I. an 
extremely emotional article 
With i1tile loglr and few 
rea ons backlng her 
statements as far as I ran read 
1\len of the male chauvlnl t 
ocletl' tend to think women to 

be too emotional and Illogical 
to handle matters of 
Importance he endorse. their 
Views With her outburst :>lIss 
London ha s her doubts about 
Mr 01 on s article being 
wnllen In ·tongue-IO-eheek " 
What proof does he have to 
say If It was v.ntten In tongue· 
m-eheek or not" Yet she ba 'es 
her ensuing argument on the 
assumption that '\1r Olson was 
senou With hiS 'blatantil 
sexist approach 

Billie Londons article IS 
lacking In what she condemns 
Mr Olson', arllcie of lackmg 
good taste What good has hl'r 
arllcle done except 'how she IS 
capable of IrratIOnality and 
crudeness" h that an example 
of what a woman or a man for 
that matter should be like" 

Chm Good 

Sue 's Comment 
Editor 

Sue \d j!'nllan h~s 
commented extenslvel I on thl' 
allc!!"d unfJlrness of Rlrhard 

RoblOson's alleged personal 
attack upon the.o\ and upon 
\djemlan hersell Sht: wntt:s 
A disagreement 10 philo ()ph~' 

IS one thmg. an unfounded 
attack on IOdlVlduals IS 
another . ThiS would .ound 
better II AdJemlan had ne\er 
ans,", ered anI of the 
phllosophl('dl cntlques of Iht' 
\ v.Tllten bl' l'arlOUS people 
since thev do nol. I am It'll tu 
believe tliat thl'l have lillie or 
no phllosophv' other than a 
d{'llIC'atlOn to npplOg pl'Oplt: 011 
for noble motives It would bl' 
e~en better If Adjemlan had not 
been the author of that 
respon.e. since she v.as onh 
Indlrecth Inl'oiled Perhap 
she was allemptm~ to play on 
the rather sexist tradilion of 
I'lewlng anI' poiltlcal 
denunclatlo of women as 
unnaturalil cruel and unfair 
Ilmaj!lne Kaufman writing on a 
note of :uch dejection ol'er 
accusallons of polltlckmg and 
corruption , II e a \'ir In 
accused of pubh(' lechery ) Let 
us hear somethlnj! from 
Kaufman or the oth"l 
pnnclpals of the ca'£' If thl'l' 

ha~e anv dl'fensl 

A more nucla I point IS that It 
does not maner whether 
Kaufman and hiS l'orporate 
state are flOan('lally rorrupt 
Fe\\ people j!etlntll politiCS for 
the sake of mon('I' alon(' 
pollu!'s IS an ego trip Inherl1l'd 
from our Pnmate aneestnrs 
I Sl'e The Imperial <\nimal or 
Tbe Social Contact ) Can dnl 
s\,stem based onsuch ('ollectll<' 
rim tnps b" functional" ('an 
men who deSire puhll(' 
adulatIOn be honest and 
efflnent? Kaufman has not 
been C'il'arl'd on th!' ISSU{' of 
honrstl no one has I ('l 
attl'mpted thl' hopell''' t,,,. nl 
delpndlng hiS efhclen{'l 

\\ IllIam II "Indd.ml 

BENIN OF AFRICA 

IIOS l"05ppcl 51 
La JNlc Ca ,I 92037 

l '141 4~4 080 
Importers • Afllcan Fabncs 

CUI'OS Arts & Cralts 
Wholesa e & Retail 

Triton Times February 15, 1972 Page 5 



.. 

- .' 

I 
artworks? 

Michael Rosen · 
The V' ual Arts Department's current undergraduate 

shoWIng 5 comprised of works spanning an unusually wide 
range of aesthetic value. The show, entitled ARTWORKS? , 
includes <everal exciting and intnguing pieces as well as a 
large body of questionable significance and a fair sampling of 
pretentioLs nonsense. 

The hi~h point of the show is certainly Mark Carter's 
squadron of chicken planes, hung in the Humanities Library . 
(The other pieces are in the art gallery downstairs .) Carter's 
planes are dried chicken carcasses ("One week 's dinners 
transformed as if by magic into an object you can enjoy," 
explains the artist) which fly backwards on styrofoam model 
airplane wings. Cock Fight is a pair finished in natural chicken, 
while Fast Cars to Mars are airbrushed in an enamel 
camouflage;Four Blue Aagels, replete with gaudy blue and 
yellow markings, fly in formation . 

A quasi-conceptual arllst apparently concerned primarily 
with the unusual juxtaposition of everyday objects and 
activities, Carter has worked in past showings largely with 
themes of food, preservation and deterioration, and body parts. 
Carter's pieces are irreverant, but sophisticated; we look 
forward to his future work. 

The other "sculptors" in the show are somewhat 
disappointing. David Alward's severed tree branch with the 
two pieces hinged together i explained and interpreted into 
obliVIOn with trite obviousities " .. The branch is also nature 
and the cut is a sign of my interaction With that branch ..... 

Randy Webster's The Emperor's New Clothes is similarly 
marred by patent aesthetic iconoclasm. A letter from the 
arllstto two critics IS mcluded 10 the presentation : too much 
"Does art thiS" and "Can art that" for thiS weary reviewer 

Finally. Tom Huston presents an Arrowhead Puritas water 
cooler, remmlscent of the Duchamps " Readymades,' and the 
comment. '1 like to make people happy " 

Some of the most sllmulatmg work 10 the show is presented 
by representational artists Mike Kelly , whose work we had not 
seen before thiS show, created one extremely compelling 
canvas enlltled Shari, in ber fake leopard skin coat and yellow 

stocliillgs. Painted in an inventive manner , but nonethele,!;s 
quite suggestive of Toulouse - Lautrec, Shari stands apart both 
for its perplexing excellence and its di ssimilarity to the work 
of the others in the department. 

Audrey Morrow's untitled acrylic is also Interesting. This 
portrait of a man in an improbable armchair, with body 
proportions oddly distorted , is provocative. 

Marcia Higgins' roses are certainly worthy of praise. 
Interesting, non-pretty representations of cauliflowerish 
yellow roses in an effective palnt-by-numbers textural style, 
Higgins' canvasses are unpretentious, original and pleasing. 

Other painters in the show work in geometrical frameworks . 
Bob Stinson displays weak craftsmanship 10 his untitled 
painting which claims to deal with " a problem" in geometry. 
(This reviewer regards the taxonomy of aesthetics in terms of 
"problems" as so much garbage.) Greg Durbin. however'. 
deals effectively with geometric , colorist and textural 
concerns in his Hexagon without the pomp of Stinson 's 
"problem." Robert Niedi nghaus shows a successful and' 
technically interesting painting in black and white, over an 
apparently lacquered grey-grained wash. 

Geraldine McAllister'S unstretched acrylic patchwork 
stitched canvas is pleasant, but not her best work . Also using 
an unconventional painting technique is Sara Sea lander. Her 
irregularly-shaped three-dimensional muslin surfaces were 
produced by stapling the cloth to a plywood sheet with metal 
ridges affixed. 

Two photographers exhibit in ARTWORKS? Allen Sekula'S 
preoccupation with worn neo-Marxist themes and rhetoric 
dooms his two event documents , Meat Mass (which might 
otherwise have been conceptually interesting) and Boxcar to 
inconsequence . "The Art Department of the University of 
California," Sekoula informs us pedantically, " flourishes . as 
does the entire avant-garde. upon a mythology of bourgeousie 
individualism." Rupert Deese's prints were probably not as 
sigmficant as hiS highly promising work in last year 's major 
review . Nevertheless, his Gross Series is interesting in 
content 

We choose to dodge Randy Webster's title question : 
ARTWORKS? Some of the work presented is disappointing, 
but the show is more than redeemed by the work of such 
interesting contributors as Carter, Kelly and Higgins. If the 
reader favors the question "Is it art?," we suggest he decide 
for himself ARTWORKS? shows through Friday, February 18 . 

Vision: Encountering the Experimental Film 
RICk Lader 

On Fr1dJ~. F('bruJn IB , a 
!!roup of films representmg a 
health cros~ sectIOn of 
Innovative Independent 
filmmakers 10 the l 'mted 
Statl's Will bl' shown J_ part of 
the A S film sCries In l 'SB 2722 
at 7 and to 30pm 

These Yoorks deal Yollh 
varillUS aSpI'ct, of thl' rc\cdslng 
uf enprgl that IS rhararlpnstlr 
of the ne\\ \mencan cinema 
Each apprnae-h('s ('onrepts of 
art In a manner whlchearches 

out the unique properties of 
this medIUm and uses them to 
entounter new areas for 
exploration Frldav Will be an 
PH'mng uf travel thruugh 
spaces relatlvel\' Ignored by 
commen'lal cinema It Will be 
a tlm(' of rhl'thm Gr 
rhl'thmos-rheeln flo\\ ' as akin 
to' r,tual a JOining of 
arms/eye: Together we \\ III 
art With VISIOn 

The t'xp!'rH~nce of 
apprt'(·latlOn. as mamfested 10 

(ConlInued from Page 2) 

Holiday library hours 
All of the l nIwrslt} Llbrar1<'s Will be open on the 

AdmmlstrallVl' Holloal . Februarv 21 ThiS IS a correctIOn of 
the fl'(:cnt announl'cmcnt 10 theAdmlDislrative Calendar which 
stated the Central l 'mversltv LI bra n' and the Clustcr I 

Under~raduat(' Llbran would ' be dosl'd Thl' ope~ hours for 
thesl' hbran!'s 11.'111 bl' 

Centrall'mverslll' Llbran 9 ()() A;\I 5 ()() I' M 
Cluster f L ndl'rgraduate Library 9 ()() A M II 00 f' M 

/ 

Written The WHO 
In a major stage presentatIOn 

" .. ,thf only rock opera worthy of its billing:' 
, ~ k~" .. 'II 

Llll ted Engagement Feb. 22 thru Mat. 2& 
~~I'tr. l",'It UD,",,(,rWP'{'U''' ''''''''fl 50 .. 

AQUARIUS Theater 

Page 6 Tlrton Times February 15, 1972 

thiS case as exploratIOn In 
I'i"ion. IS an Intregalllnk In the 
artl lie process You are 
1nl'Ited to come and share 
magic , conSidering that It may 
be ddln('o as 'sl)methlng that 
works ' and remembenng that 
shamans have thl.' power 
becaust> their peuple b lIeye 10 
thl'm 

The films and filmmakers 
'The Face' Herbert Kosower , 
'Super,prcad ' Robert Nelson . 
"0\\ That The Buffalo 's Gone ' 
Rurtnn Gershfleld . 

Inagurallon of th Pleasure 
Dome ' Kenneth Anger 
Brt>akawav' Bruce Conner . 

'Turn Turn Turn Jud Yalkut 
'Color of Ritual. Color o[ 
Thought ' Storm Delhrsch. 
. Reverberation ' Ernie Gehr 

All of the;!' movies have been 
ordered from h1mmaker\ 
conperalll'es which return 75% 
of the rental fees to the artl ,ts 
Specific information on the 
fIi mmakers and the I r works 
Will be In Fnda, 's paper 

K-2 needs people 
The People House. formerly CriSIS Center K-2, IS looking for 

people mterested in gettmg things done at UCSD , Anyone who 
has an Idea a problem. or a solution and would like to try to do 
something about It should come down to MUir Apt. K-2 and talk 
It over With others K-2 IS open from noon until 2 a.m There 
are free sandWiches and coffee. and an amiable atmosphere in 
which 10 talk . argue. and diSCUSS The People House IS open to 
everyone - you can leave messages or set up meetings there. 
or do what \,ou want K-2 is what vou make It. 

Orgamza'tlOnal staff meetings a~e Sunday nights at 7:30 on 
the II th floor of Tioga Hall. All arc welcome. The People 
House number I . 453-9321 or X2900. (Continued on Page 10) 

Still from Ilw "race" III Il crhC'rt l\ U'JI .Ir, all e'pcrimcntal 
film to IlI'sho\\n Ihi Frida, ml'lIill):,lll 'CSIl . 

arts 
I, , • I • I ,. I J J • J ... 

Possi ities 
A l\'ew IcicCI?A nell' Piur 
Professor McCorry would like inlerested members of the 
fa culty. staff and students to try-out for hiS play ROSES 
DON'T GROW HERE NO MORE. The play will be presen\('d 
by the U.C,S.D. Drama Department With a scheduled openm~ 
in May, and has a cast of SIX men. All the parts. with the 
excepllon of one. are for older men (30 to 60 year 1. Professor 
McCorry feels that thiS type of casting can set a precedent for 
possibl future productions and help make the Drama 
Department a completely mtegral part of the Unlverslt) 
community. 

The play is topical in that it depicts a fictional incident dUri ng 
the Revolutionary War in Ireland among a group of l.R A 
guernllas, their American leader and a British soldier . 

Readings will be held on Wednesday. Februarl' 16. In Quonset 
317 . Matthews Campus. between 5 ()() and 6 30 p.m Script arc 
available In the Drama Department For further IIlformallnn 
phon ExtenSIOn 2491 

there is a respon 'Ive Interplay between the sections In 
p"llormance of the choral work , 
Fanfare for Brass" bv Dletnch Buxtehude and "Pater 

by Jacob Handl wiil also be performed 

/II' ,\ lusic Concert 
( wert of tape musIc featunng compo rs from the 
l'r It! of California. San Diego Will be presented b .. th 

\1uslc Department atB .30 pm. Tuesday. February 15. 
Hec ltal Hall. Bldg. 409 . on the Matthews Campus 
poncert IS free and open to the public Refreshment will 
\'I'd follOWIng the concert to prOVide an opportunity for 

IIl('mbers of the audience to diSCUSS the mUSIc With the 
"·l'rs . 
;",ng those to be represented on the program will be 

members Kenneth Gaburo and Paulme Oliveros and 
students John Mizelle and DaVid Camper It IS 

who has orgamzed the concert as part of hiS theSIS 
h for the purpo e of bnnglng together people 10 and 
l 'CSO who are Interested In tap mu Ie 

. (oncert is also a part of a larger series of tape musIc 
eil a 1'0 i ,\ III S j cut ,\ 1 j d d u y , organized b~' Warren Burt The larger senes mcludes a 

'r of Mondav noon concerts of tape musIc from studios at 
Lovers of choral musIc arc inVited to partake 10 a rare St te Unlversltv of New York at Albanv. the allforma 

at noon , Thursdal' . Pebruarl' 17. when the Unlversitv 'hn,-II". hlll 1'01 the Arts : UC DaVIS. and others . 
[rom the University of Callforma . fr vlne performs in the 
ReCital Hall 

The Hecltal Hall is located 10 Bldg 409 on the Ma 
Campus of the Umverslt~ of California San Diego 
p rformance I~ free and oprn to the public 

The chorus of 75 I'Olces IS under the dlr ClIon of Mau 
Allard associate professor of musIc at the Fmc Art Village 
PC Inlne 

The perfnrmance Will mclude two works b)' Igor travlnsk, 
"Sll1lphonl' of Psalms for mixed chorus and two pianos a 

Ma's' for mlxl'd chorus and doubll' \\oodwlnd I)UIntl't 
Also tu be performed IS Johann Sebastian Bach 's 

acapP" lla motet tor antiphonal chOIrs. "Slnget Dem I 
An antiphonal chOir IS one w.hlch IS bro~en down Into sectIOns 

RadIO and the Academv Theater have Joined forces In 
'fili ng the FILMMAKER'S ·FII::STA. for the benefit of San 

S Public Tel vIsion Channel 15 
FIl.MMAKER S FIESTA IS d local competitIOn tn 

nlze and reward hlmmaker~ 01 all ages Separate 
lines have been desl~natE'd for l'lem('ntary . JunIOr dnd 

'f,r high schonl ('ollege and mdep ndent diVISIOns 
Ih and merchdndl award Will be presentE'd tn the first 

, ,nd ano tillrd pIal'(' winners In each diVISion In addition. 
'IJI awards Will be given by coop ralln/( or~amzal1ons The 

111m 10 the shOWing Will b d termln d by audience I'ote 

Pat Baxter 

A group of people running the 
Gallery at UCSD under Pat Baxter 
went up to Vemce, California to see 
what the Market Street Program 
was all about. A few open slots 
remained in the calendar and the 
group thought that this program 
might afford possibilities for a 
show. It seemed to be presenting an 
alternative to the usual formal 
criticism involved in the 
preparation of shows. It was a way 
to see just what happened when a 
group of artists got together and 
judged each other as opposed to 
being judged by curators and 
critics . 

With Young 's proposal. IrWin'S 
support and space. Walter Hopps 
director of the Corcoran Gallery of 
Art. and other assistance by Philip 
Rosten as legal advisor and Volney 
Stefflre as technical director. the 
program got started Market Street 
is based on the idea that artists 
could best judge other artl ts 
Questionnaires were sent to about 
seventy artists of Young' election 
a opposed to a random selectIOn 
a fact which could be considered a 
criticism of the program In that 
there was an mltial bias, The data 
wa then fed mto the computer and 
the results were a pnnt-out with Is 
indicating artists who were named 
by other artl ts to be Included In 
that specific group and also 
conSidered themselve' to be a part 
of that group. The data was then 
refed into the computer to gl.'t an 
even more coherent ~et of 
grouplOgs of arl1sts chOice, Th,' 
resulting clusters of Is were cm'led 
and noted as ~roup show 
poSSibilities Prom these fl','Ults, a 
second round of quesl1onnJlfl'S 
were Circulated to all of thl' artists 
mentioned 10 the first round of 
inquiry ThiS research IS nOli being 
tabulated Theoretically thiS could 
go unlll all of the artists In thl' Lo, 
Angeles arpa have been polled . It IS 
also fea ible that the program cHuld 
be extended to other arl.'as 

Th(> Ideological n eds or basis for 
such a program arc said to be basl'd 
on economics and [ormal critiCism 
A far as economics IS concerned 
we know that galleries are run on 
the premise that work Will sell and 

Ie ref ore set a limit on the amount 
and kind of work that IS shown We 
arc also aware of the state of manv 
museums today - they are not 
receiving the support they once did 
Market Street rend rs curatonal 

assistance Where groups hal'P been 
indicated as a umt. a potential show 
eXists ThiS elimmates muth of the 
work done bv a curator - what 
remainS to be done IS for the artist: 
to look over the space and for the 
museum or ga Iler~ to set up 
shipPing procedures ThiS would 
greatly cut down on expenses 

Formal cntlclsm generally 
Implies a judgment of work based 
on art hlstoncal values Howel'er 
as Peter Plagens noted 10 a recent 
article In Anforum on Market 
Street , .. historical deli mtlons can 
be five mlOutes old as well as five 
years and they are by no means 
frozen .. Usually such formal 
criticism IS left up to the curator of 
an exhibition or the director of a 
small museum. who could be 
subject to personal biases, ~arkCl 
Street proposes to do awa\ With 

Market Street is based 
on the idea that artists 
could judge other 
artists ... 

thiS. or dues It" Is ~larket Stre.·' 
Just uSln~ anoth~r furm of hlstltrwal 
baSIS lor th"ir d('Clsluns' \\e can 
nnll watch thl' program a I 
dl'velops To ddt(' howt'lu It I 
probabll one of the on I) prfJgram 
dealing Yolth thl'Sl' I~sur, Th 
progrdm Impill' a basl( 
restructuring uj thl' "a\ In IIhlCh 
art tudal rpaeh." an audirn(l' It I 
thiS rt'~tru('turlng th:iI shlluld bf' 
conslderl'd 

On Fl'bruan 19th at BOO pm ~nl' 
of the ;\1.1r~l'l Str~~t ,hoI'S Will 
open 10 the· art gallrr~ ot the 
l'mver:ItI' of Callforma .. an [)Ieg" 
located on Rel'l'lIe Campu: on the 
fir t floor of thl' Hun larutles 
Llbran bUilding The work of thre,' 
women artists - Juv Halashl 
Arlene Hendlt'r and Eden Hodara 

will be on view The particular 
criterion for consldprlng 
themselves a group was ongmall~' 
based on the faft that women felt 
diSCriminated against 10 the 
program and that there should be a 
great(>r representation of women In 
the Market Street shows So thl' 
first cnterlon was prlmarlll' 

during the three day shOWing at the Academy Theater Ma-ch 6 
7 and S. 

Winners of the Young Filmmaker' . DIVISion Will 
automatically be entered In the NatIOnal ~;du('ation TeleVISion 
Young People's Film Festival • 

Anv Bmm , super Smm. or 16mm film . Silent ur sound 
completed Within the past two years ma\' be entered 

Entrv deadline IS Februarv 26. 1972 
For - further information and entr, blanks . ('onta('( 

FILMMAKER 'S FIESTA. phone 435-2324 

political on th,' part of thE' \\OIDm 
thiS particular ~roup chose path 
other frum an alphabf'tlcal list of 
women arllsts In the Los ,\ngele 
ared sent oul bl' JudI Ch1(:ago 

Jor Ilayd shl I' presently w.orkIn 
\\Ith s~ulpjur(' In Yoood . resin and 
acrvllc Thi' works are a sCrles of 
simple maze-like constructlon_ 
displayed on the floor For thiS 
show she Will be undertakmg d 
draWing of masking tape to be 
executed on the floor of a sectIOn of 
the gallery DUring the exhibition 
the piece W III be ma IOlalO d 
depending on the traffic patterns 10 
the Ilall r)· . 

Arl!'ne Hendler works In collag~ 
- small postcard collages which 
Impll psychologl('al symbolism as 
oppo, ed to hpr earher works whpre 
more emphaSIS was placed on 
formal d":lgn problems 

Xeruxlng dots and glumg them 
tOj!eth!'r to form larger and murt 
rompll'x groups of dots - with thl 
addltiun of paint become ver~ 
. ubtll' optical pamtmgs or 'VI ual 
happl'nlng. as Eden Hodara call 
them Sh(' concerned wllh 

moV('m~nt J fart which I seen In 
ht'r other works invoh ed w,th 
laser Fur this sho\\ sht, will be 
workmg With the spar ,he ha 
chosl'n In thl' gall!'r\ crpatln~ an 
('n\'lronment entitled Edt n 
Gankn It Will be a bldd l,gh' 
('mlronm('nl 

;'larkN tr t I "program tll,jl 
aftord ar I t ~ chanl ( tu 

I cc It I. not il cilln 
l'n\lea'or. but rath, r 

ex pt."u r artL b .irc morl \\,lllr 
to wor~ "lIh ukas that do n, 
nN eSSdr h produce t.lnl!lbl 
rnark('\dblc I ems The artl t 
pdrtlcubr'l tho,... ,howllg at 
I 'CSf) haH' ~('l'1ded 0 td~ 
ad\.mtagl uf tr, IlUdtlon, nn hoi,\' 
/1IIl'1i Ih"m_, he pt.'rml' Ion 
('xpl(\r(' \\hcther or not thl' I n 
advdntagl or dlSJd,antage to thl 
program no one I, surl' But It I'll 
b\· Inlt'r('stlng to \\.itch and 'l" t 
thl. ~lnd uf attitude bec"ml'~ mon 
prl>valent In thl.' work thdt IS rho, ,'n 
to bl' shown 

The exhibitIOn Will run from 
Februarv 20 through March 10 
lloursareoallv from 11-3p In 

Your film is Important Ask for d tails 

,\lurK ct Street 
Three women artists. Arlene lIendl('r. ,JOI HayashI. and 

Eden Ilodara, from the Market Street program now In 
operation In the Los Angeles area. Will exhibit their work In thl' 
Umversity of Cailforma. San Diego Art Gallery beginning 
February 20 . 

-
• 

Market treet IS orgamzcd around the pnnclple that artists 
should have the opportunity to select each oth r for group 
ex hibitions. rather than allOWing thiS pow.er to rest With 
curators and gallery dlrl'{'tors as the present structure 
permits Artists In the program feel that curiltors and 
directors are sometllnes subject to il number of pre:sures such 
as boards of trustees or the need to sell wor~ s of art which 
prohibit them from exhibiting w.orks of certain arllsts 
together 

Mark t Street allows artists to select themselves to exhibit 
their work together on whatever baSI S they II'I~h Idealll . thiS 
would be on a similantv of Ideology In the cast' of the three 
womt'n In thiS exhibitIOn. the rl'ason IS poiltlcal The~ are 
Interested In haVing mnre lI'onJ('n exhibit thl' lr work and 
Included In the Market Stn('t pro~rilrn Thel hille JlJlnl'd With 
a numb('r of othC'r w.mnl'n on a lIst put tog"thl'r b~ JudI' 
Chl('ago. a Los Angeles modern artist Yollrkln~ toward, 
d 1'('loplng an all woman artists aSSIK'ldlion 

Th(' exhibitIOn Will run through Mar('h 10 The gallerv IS opt:'n 
dilll~ from I I a m to 3 pm . and IS \()('atcd on the hrst floor of 
th lfumanll1es-l1bran I3ldl( on thl' Revell~ Collegl' campus 

WEHAVETHE 
PERSONAL TOUCH 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTAlES INC 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 
Triton Times February 15, 1972 Page 7 

e 

.1 

.. 



., 

- .' 

,I 

Woeful Weekend, 
BB'ers Drop Two 

What can you say about a 
slumping basketball team? The 
UCSD Tritons took a SOjourn to 
Santa Barbara last weekend 
and emerged, battered and 
dismayed, with two losses. 
Friday night's game was 
against a tough Westmont 
College aggregate which had 
previously defeated NCAA 
power University of HawaiI. 

The Tntons, partIcularly 
Paul Trainer and Dave Wright, 
played well but could not shut 
off Westmont's potent offense 
as they were beaten 90-75. 
Trainer had 21 and Wright 20 to 
lead the scoring. but even the 
presence of uperfans Geneva 
and Candy was not enough to 
suffiCiently psyche up their 
boys Three other U CSDers 
scored In doubles as Tom 
BrUice had 11 . and Dave 
Gre~ory and Jon Lelevier each 

hit 10. 
The followmg night found the 

torpid Tritons unable to handle 
the hot shoot Ing of Cal 
Lutheran 'S Steve Jasper (23 
points ) as they uccumbed 82· 
75. Trainer and Wright agam 
were the standouts with 20 and 
19 re pectIvely. Cal Lutheran 
was playing With a " handful of 
gimme and a mouthful of much 
obliged" as the Tritons turned 
the ball over time and again to 
essentially give them the 
game. 

Hopefully. the famili ar 
surroundings of their own gym 
and their manv loyal fans will 
spark up the Tritons thiS 
llieekend as thev host Cal 
Lutheran agam o~ Fr,day and 
arch·rival Cal Western on 
aturday. Both games Will be 

played at 8 p.m 0 com on out 
and enjoy the game . 

Hawks Back Friday 
Face SDS BSU 

."Her a rest and relaxation 
perlUd of almost two we ks. the 
CCSD Blackhawks Will return 
to action thiS Fndav . Februarv 
18 at 6 pm. Th Ir opponent 
Will be a tea n sponsored by the 
BSl' of San Dle!!o State 10 what 
ma\ turn out to be a 
tradlatlonal rI\'aln' match 
Whatever the outcom . there's 
gOlOg to be a llihole lotta 
partvlO gOIn' on after the 
contest 

The Blackhawks underwent a 
rough llieekend a couple of 
weeks aj!o. 10 109 to the Judge. 
from Southeat San [)Iego 
y ~1 C A and RubbNband last 
\ ear s phenomenon of 
Intramural For both games 
the Blackha wk . were serIoush 
weakened b\ the absence of 
Ro\ Gallowav due to a 
sprained ankle: and Herb the 
Head Hunter . who WilS out of 
tOllin The Judges were able to 
establish d running game and 
WI h the h Ip ot .up nor hel~ht 
WPfl' Jbll' to domInate the 

" 

,: I 
j v·' 

.. : l ... ," 

IIlg I Tide 

Sunl ( ti 43 

boards. Still the contest was 
close. 42·41 at halftime. due 

mostl~' to the outstandIng plav 
of Blackhallik center Gle 
Simpson I n the second ha If 
however the Judges were able 
to pull awa~' and fiOished the 
game With a 16 pOint margIn. 
103·87 

Friday OIght 's problems 
were repea ted on Sa tu rda y. as 
the Blackhawks found 
themselves the victIms of a 
crushIng 94 to 62 defeat 
Blackha\\.k player /coach Mike 
Hane, when asked to comment 
on the game. had thi s to sa .... 
'Ou r big men had ~o relief and 

had to go all the way 
Rubberband played an 
excellent l1ame. and In fact 
played our game by beIn~ able 
to ubstltute freely giVIng their 
pla\ers ample rest 0 that they 
could endure the ngor of full 
court competition " Both 
squads are lookIng forward to a 
remiltch sumetlme In the 
future 

. . ... t 
.. ~ .. .. ..... 

Low Tid!' 

SunsetS 45 

A~"i ,a P'''.! I ~ t \ vI lit P:\1 lit 
Feb 16 \hll 9 47 6 2 10 :11 563 H 05 4 15 () 7 
Fpo 17 Thurs 10 36 551106 58 4 31 03 4 47 01 
Feb 18. r n 11 25 4 7 II 47 5852.5 03 5 16 06 
Feb 19 'la' 12 27 38 6 27 04 5 5:1 13 

Sunr Sl' 6 :l8 Sun"Ct 5 50 

frb 20. Sun 12 36 57 I 59 3 I 753 056 36 20 
Feb 21 'vI on 1 39 56 4 29 29 9 38 0 4 7 56 2.5 
feb 22, Tues 3 03 55 6 19 3311 09 o 110 00 27 

Page 8 Triton Times February 15, 1972 

Contrary to the word of a certam devilish rallyemaster and a 
misguided animal named Goober. the ground hog did Dol 
actua lly see his shadow last Ground Hog 's Day. Tradition has it 
that this signals the end of the long, dreary winter-a nd. at 
UCSD, spriDg fever hatb SpruDg. We all know that in 
springtime young women and men throughout the world have 
but one thought on their minds ". softball , of course. Thus, it 
was not surprising to see severa l notable devotees of th is sport 
of sports out on a makeshift baseball diamond, cavorting in the 
sunshine, communing with nature. and basically getting in 
some "winter ball" before spring trai ning gets under way . 

Spring Quarter promises to be a biggie for the Intramural 
Department. It 's the time that we get it together and make the 
trek up north for the All-Cal Tournament to show the other 
UC 's that San Diego isn't just a school for geniuses. but that. 
yes. we 100 are athletically gifted and generously endowed with 
physical prowess. All-Cal this year is at UC Santa Barbara , a 
place where the sun never sets. where the waves are always 
righteous , and where life in general is just one big ball. How do 
I get to this land of sun and sin. one might ask? The tourney is 
entirely coed with competition in the following sports : softball , 
badminton doubles. tennis doubles . six'person volleyball (three 
dudes. three chicks ) and innertube water polo. 

Okay, 0 you can dig a coed softball team and mixed squads 
in tennis , badminton and volleyball. but what's this noi e about 
iDner tube water polo? In Spring Quarter there is this sport 
(??) played in I.he pool called coed water polo. In order to 
equalize things . however . all players must play in inner tubes . E 
This not only cuts down the speed of the faster swimmers. but !:! 
al 0 prOVides for a pool·ful of good time . Come on. you water : 
rats , start getting some people together in order to get some '" 
practice In . After all . last year' s runaway winners (Bruth .. 
Warner 's group ) need some good competition this year. For ~ 
more information contact Lee Johnson or Ann Higgins at the f 1 ••• IIIi ............. M-~~~~::::-' 
Intramural Office. 

Bean·Sorbo Cop Volleyball TourDey 
Saturday afternoon found the gym packed with some hne 

volleyball players . there to participate in the mixed doubles 
tournament. The double·ehmmation tourney was organized as 
a "draw." one guy and one girl being chosen at random from 
those who igned up to play There were 17 couples who 
participated. and man} "extra " guys were turned away due to 

.~1\"' 
.. " !, • 

USC, French Tennis 
Teams to Compete 

TenniS buffs, here's your chance to see some of the future 
tenOis greats of the wo'rld ThiS Saturday and Sunday. Feb. 19 
and 20. there Will be an exhibition match at VIC Braden's 
Tenni S College. ThiS match wIll feature the 1972 French David 
Cup team and the (;nlversIty of Southern California tenniS 
team The ma tch IS scheduled to start at 11 a.m and is open to 
the public Wi th no admiss ion charge 

The French team consi sts 01 Patnck Prolsy. Patnce 
[)omlquez. Wanaro j'\ 'Dodrella and Jean·Paul Meyer The 
team IS accompanied by John Paul Loth . the coach . and 
Phllhpe Chatrier.the team 's bUSIness manager who was 
IOfluentIal In arran!(InI( the match. The french team is In a 
rebUild Ing process and the four appeanng 10 the match 
represent France's hope for the future 

Top among the French team . accordIng to Chatner. IS 
Pnos\. the thlrd·ranked French pla\er lie IS married and the 
lather of a daughter three yea rs old DomInquez IS f1fth ·ranked 
natlonallv and IS a ('ollege 5tudent majoring In e{'onoml('s 
\ Iev('r IS ranked ninth and :\' ·(;odrella . eleventh Both of these 
pl<lv£'rs havt' ('ompleted schou I and thus are able to d 'vote full 
t Imc to tenniS 

Represen tlOg l'SC Will be ~Iarselo Lara Haul Ramirez from 
La Julia Iligh Dick Bohrnstedt. dnd :'Illk l' \lad1l'tte Th team 
IS ('()Jched b~' G nrge Tol y. pro at the Los AngPl('s TenniS 
Club The tl'am IS led b\ Ram irez. \\ho IS th reigni ng national 
lS JUnior SlOgles ChampIOn and lliho. With ChiCO lIage~' of 
La Jolla forms th number on ranked doubles learn In the 
r nIted States 

Th TenniS College IS located at the Inn .I t Rancho Bernardo. 
17550 Bernardo Oaks Drive, approxlmatel, 20 minutes north of 
do wntown San Diego on C S 395 1State 163 to Inters tat lS I So 
tor a htll exc itIng tenOis action , here 's the place to be 

the lack of sufficient woman·power. 
first place finishers Dwight Bean and Sonja Sorbo did it the 

hard way. coming up through the loser 's bracket to beat the 
runners·up (Laurie Gage and Matt Merliss) twice in order to 
cop the wlOner 's trophies . Laurie and Matt also picked up 
trophie for their fine econd·place finish . 

DWight. one of the more gifted athletes in school as well as 
being a Ph.D. ca ndidate in math . pla~'ed phenomenally. HIS 
wicked spikes were devastating to hi s opponents and were the 
telling difference in the final outcome. Sonja . a non ·women·s 
var ity player. surprised everyone by playing a solid game that 
included orne fine digs and good sets. 

Sonja and Dwight made the finals by scoring a come·from· 
behind victory over third ·placers Mike Rath and Carol 
Martindale Mike and Ca rol performed remarkably well (I'm 
sure you won't cut this. Rath ), showi ng fine teamwork for only 
getting together that one day . Their only other 10 s was to 
Randy Twombly and Linda Maczko. the eventual fourth place 
fImshers . 

The tournament was played on a low·key. good·time level as 
everybody wa more concerned about enjoy 109 themselves 
than wInnIng. Elaine Simay's reffing added class to the 
match s. which were generally well-called. There is a slight 
pOSSibility of another one of these next quarter : nonetheless . 
the gym will be reserved twice a week spring evenings for 

pla~'. 
WATCH THE BIRDIE DEPT - don 't forget Tuesday 

evenings - coed badmmton. You can get in some good practice 
for the coed double tourna ment to be held next quarter . 
BeSides. Wilhe says that he can 't possibly handle more than 
five voluptuous UCSD beauties at one time and that he 'lI be 
glad to let the rest play badminton. 

Thrills and spills 
with the SD Gulls 

A trip to see the San Diego 
Gulls playa hockey game 10 the 
Sports Arena IS like a tnp to an 
entirely different atmosphere 
The contrast between a sport 
traditionally played in a cold 
weather climate and sunny San 
Diego IS marked enough', but 
for a student from the local 
univerSi ty It 's a different 
world 

I n a game played last 
Sa turday. the good gu.yS (the 
Sa n Diego Gulls I suffered ;" 
(' ru shing deleat at the hands of 
the Sa lt Lake City Golden 
Eagles Passing qu'lckl y and 
smoothly. the Eagle~ soon 
racked up three easy goa ls in 
the first period . while the Gulls 
('ou Id not score 1 ur the first t w() 
pPrlod of plav d c~plte over 20 
attempts FInall~' five mlOutes 
Into the tInill period. Gull Len 
Ronson pO\IC'red a rebound 
through severa l playe rs lor San 
Dlegos fIrst goal ThiS brought 
the cro wd 01 6500 to Its feet 
roaring Its approval John 

~1lsak scu red San Diego s 
second goal With must over a 
minute left on a fluke shot that 
iii ent through the Eaj!les' 
d fense 

The onll' other time the 
crowd shoe'd their pleasure was 
when Bruce Cowick of Salt 
Lake City and Gull Reg 
Fleming had a short fist·fight 
which resulted In five·minute 
penalties for both players. The 
crowd's thirst for blood 
temporarily sa tI sfied . things 
quieted down for awhile. fi nal 
score i':agles 6. Gulls 2. 

The fans, lor the most part 
were pretty disgruntl ed With 
the defeat of their hometown 
heroes. but next week 's game 
With the Eagles should prove 
lOt reslIng as Salt Lake City 
and Portland are currentlv 
trYing to oust San Die~o from 
th ird place In the Western 
Ilock('y League and thu s gain a 
berth In the playoffs 

ror those bored With the 
usual sports fare, basketball. 
baseball. etc .. hock('y can 
provld an InterestI ng 
('x('ur»lon In the world of 
II Inter spo rts. so mething 
unknown down h re 

Score by Periods 
S. D Gu'll s 1 2 3 total 
S.L Eagle» 0 0 2 2 
S.L 'Eagles 3 2 1 6 

Spikers Impress at 
All-Cal Tourney 

The UCSD intercollegiate 
volleyball team opened its 
season last Saturday with a 
strong showing at the AIl·Cal at 
eCI. Among the competing 
teams were the biggies : UCLA, 
the defending NCAA and All· 
Cal champs, and UCSB the 
defending runnerups in both 
di visions. 

UCLA . In a spectacular battle 
the Tritions fell . 7·15, 15·12 , 3· 
15. I n the other semi·final 
match UCSB squeaked by Uel 
In a hard fought battle of long. 
exciting rallies 16·14 . 15·9. 

In the fin als , UCSB startled 

J 

\ 

- -

-

NEW CHAM PIONS CROWNED 

The play was divided into two 
pools UCLA, UCI, UCD, and 
eCR in pool one. and UCSD, 
I'CB, UCSB, and UCSC in the 
second . In the round robin 
Intrapool competition. CSD 
started against CB splitting 
their games 15·11 . 10·15. 'ext , 
the Tritons sou ndly trounced 
UCSC 15·4. 15·6. In the last 
mtrapool match UCSD played 
"out of their heads" with 
strong blocking and powerful 
hittmg to scare UCSB 13·15, 9· 
15. With a 3·3 record the 
TrItions took second in their 
pool and advanced to the semi' 
IlOal competition against the 
winners of the first pool, 

the Bruins by winning the first 
game. but UCLA retaliated and 
defeated the Gauchos in the E 
last two games to repeat as All · " 
Cal champs UCSD finished the Wi 
day against UCI with an ~ 
Incon istent but respectable .. 
mateh lOSing 6·15 , With fourth ~ 
place and such flOe play A 
agamst UCLA and UCSB the Il. 
Tritons returned home very 
tired but proud . It was a 
satisfying day esp cially with a 
partial victory over the BrUins Cruikshank-Walker 

Dump Safar-Hooper 
howing the Tritons when they 

gel they can also be a west 
coast powerhouse. Look ing 
ahead the team plays in an .. A" 
tournament this Saturday at 
Balboa Park with play agamst 
San Diego State and others. 

ADRIAN'S 
OPTICAL CO. 

DOCTORS PRESCRIPTIONS 
EX'UTL Y FILLED 

r."" . ,50I .. I;OO. 
oj ".1.' From •• 

Repairs 

59·4047 
St-L. Contact Z4-HOU. EMERGINCY I~ -1\1 SnVICE Lenses 401 VIA DEL MOITI 

"\POR'E~ FOO~5 V.i"f5 '",L c~.".p.C ... ES 
T~E~O""EOF'~E ;.I?TI(."C ~ EFR'A"A 

\1 JI'~.'t ,\ 11 .. 1" ,1("··"11 
I ,1l"fll1~ ,"1,"1' I'JrIIO" 

Fond 10 ;':41 
;U:U Girard \\t', I ,doll ,t.lailf. 1.)9·,) I ell 

Rich Castro 
On a beautiful , sunny Southern CaliforOia day. the 4th UCSD 

Open Tennis tournament was played last Saturday. OrigInally 
scheduled as a men 's doubles·mixed doubles tourney. a poor 
turn-out forced cancellation of the men 's doubles diviSion. but 
a strong field assembled for the mixed doubles play 

Returning were the twice defending champIOns Kri s Hooper 
and Tlbor Safar of the psychology department, who once agaIn 
played some outstandIng tennis. However, thiS quarter 's 
tournament attracted a number of fine teams. and the 
compe tItion was very keen all day Nevertheless , the Safar· 
Hooper duo, surViving a rugged semifinal match, once agaIn 
made the finals where they met the team of Mike Cruik· 
shank . a member of the medical school staff. and hiS partner. 
Cindy Walker. An exceptional duel ensued. With many long 
rallies and some unbelievable shot·makIng. as the teams spilt 
the first two sets. 

After a short break, the final set got under way. and both 
teams seemed to be feeling the pressure, as a number of 
service breaks occurred . Both eventuall\ settled dOllin . 
and the Cruikshank· Walker team mana'ged to up et the 
defending champs 4-6 , 6·3. 7·5 In consolatIOn play . the team of 
Marigold LInton and Jack Logan won In a rousing come·from· 
behind effort over the team of Andrew :'I11tchelson and Jud:.. 
Abrams. 

The T R ITON TIMES news department 
needs a secretary to work Tuesdays and 

Wednesdays. 

L 

T RITON TIMES office. 

T re' O:d G "be T eo "e ore'e~' 

ei"er.I'S peope 
by Jules Feif{er 

Held over thru Feb 20. 
Tidet prices -otll Se.!lh re~er~ed. C.II 239-2255 .fter noon. 
C&rtet Centre St<'lge PO. 80111 71 S"n Oieqo CA q2112 

r ... ; 
~. 
$ 
S. 

Spec'a studert rJ> . $1.50 ''''I·'r f·C· Sj 
at the cart~r c~ntr(' stage 

"d,1cE t hoi .'-e o.d c: bt' Thl"I,( 

~----------------~ 
FREDERICK'S SKI & HIKE 

OUTFITTERS 
GOOD SNOW EVERYWHERE! 

7722 Fay 
La Jolla 

COME IN AND LET us TAKE 
CARE OF YOUR NEEDS 

454-1410 
~now R.po.h 454-2351 

Page 9 Triton Times Tuesday, February 15, 1972 

Sailor Sink Foes 
Swipe Two Seconds. 

THE UCSD SAILING TEAM STRIKES AGAIN 
In the Southern Series 1\0 2 

held in Westlake last weekend 
the UCSD sa iling team placed 
second again despite the IOJury 
of super - A skipper Tim 
Lynch HIS replacement. Marc 
DeMartini . With cre ...... Cand! 
Burhop. put In a tremendous 
effort by fInishIng first In two 
out of the five B races and 
gatherIng 16 points . which gav( 
Marc the first ·place flm h 10 
the B di VISion 

.. A . skipper Garv Lee Wi th 
crew Ramse\' u. also came 
With two fIrst uut of the five 
.. A . races However. the race 
committee doesn't qUIte 
approve of Gar\,'s attempt to 
Sink USC's boat b~ runmng 
right over their stern which 
resulted In a disqualification 10 
the third race 

The sailIng team has placed 
second In both of the regular· 
sea on races The Tntons have 
defeated defend In!! national 
champIOn USC tWice as lliell 

as the ven strong IT!iB l ('I , 
UCLA and Orange Coa t 
College teams Othel minor 
colleges such as Cal Stilte Luni! 
Beach Occldent,,1 and 
Claremont are no t even do>e 
enough tJ give the Tritons 
competItion 

The onl\ team In South('rn 
California that llie ha\l' not 
beaten let is the two·tllne 
natlunal champIOn San Dll'go 
State led bl' the treml'nduu. 
"'1I·AmerICan sailor Paul 
llunnch However ('arl 
Scragg feels that the team Is 
read\ now 'Sup r Tim l\nrh 
will be back with Cand\ Burhup 
to dean up 10 the A'. llihll 

Speed\' Gary Lee and 
Ramse\ Su will be dOlOg their 
thlOg I'n the B"s. The next 
race Will be held In Lake 
Cuchuma In Santa Barbara and 
the team \\.Ill be 10okIn~ 
forward to their first 1st place 
finish ever In l'CSD sailing 
hl,tun 

Busy weekend 
for sports fans 

There i· httle happemng 
dUrIng the week on l'CSD s 
sport scene The only actlvlt\ 
Will be the wrestling team 
which travel to rc RI\er Ide 
tomorrow 

Howe\'er ther Will be plent\ 
happemng thiS weekend 

FrIda\,. there will b(' home 
matches lor the tennl', 
ba ketball and golt teams 

The baskptballl'rs \\ III fat· 
Cal Lutheran al 8 pm the 
te nnl ' team meet, l'( 
Rlver,ld at 2 30 pm. and the 
Tnton dulfers pla\ powerlul 
San Diego State at noon 

.. aturdal the lencln~ te,lIn 

\\ III have one 01 Its blggl' t 
test. part.clpatIng In tile 
Southern DIVISion Qu.llt\'ln .. 
matches slartlng ill 9 a m In 
th glm 

Othl'r home miltche' mdude 
both men and womtn s 
S\\'llI1mln~ The \\umpn 
('ompl'te a(!am't :an DI(,"o 
. tate at 9 a m and t1.p m"n 
10110\\ at 11 agaInsl Rl'dlan,J, 
l nIHr.lt\ Th~ Trltlon 

ba,;k~lball 'quad \\111 pial 
(TO" tllllin rIval (al \\ e:trrn 
rSll' at 8 p m 
Th(' BUj!bv team aI:' pIJ\' 

<;aturdJI' "camst Pomona ,j' 1 
lint 

=~-~~~ 
KEY LARGO ~\ 

WEDNESDAY NIGHT 
FREE AT THE COFFEE HUT 

AN EVE OF 10 SHORT FILMS 

The Fa<e, Fuses , & 8 more 
FRIDAY NIGHT 

50' USB 2722 50' 
7 & 10:30 pm 

A WOMAN IS A WO MAN 
plus 

WOMAN IN THE DUNES 

S 1 USB 27 '2 S 1 
7 & 10 30 m 

IN SOLANA BEACH 
SERVING NORTH SAN 0 EGO COUNTY 

FACTO RY AU"fiC· uo 

SALES· SERVICE· PARTS Cj -l SUZUKI • UW~~w:~ \t~ .. 
• ~:S'!, "!'.: ... 

"'l."' ~EW. RE6U LT . USED 
INSURA \..E 

CAll-_ :I NORTH COUNTY [ 755-4225 MOTORC.YCLES 

e 

,1 



- .' 

A major in lit? 
A'\ I:\FORMAL 
SP(J\SO I{ED 
LlTER.\Tl' RE 

~IE:\T . 

WIl\T TO DO' 
\\ITH 

~IEET1:\G 
BY 'IIIE 
DEP \HT-

A ~L\JOR l;-.i LITERH\ Hfo: 

II-' YOl' HI\V E \\Y 
QCESTIO:--;S ABOCT rIO\\ TO 
GET I:\TO GRADnn: 
iSCHOOL. OR WHAT ELSE 
VOL CA:\ DO WITH .\ B \ 1:\ 
LITERATCRE I HE RE OR 
ELSE\'. HERE I CO:'lIE TO 
THIS F AClJL TV-STLDE\T 
PA:'\EL D1SCl' SIO~ 
WED :'>i E S DAY 16th 0 F 
FEBRl'ARY 4 00 P .. \I . 
REVELLE FORMAL 
LOl\GE 

COFFEE COO"IES 

GUADAlAJARA ~UMMER m~ION 
UNIIrIRSlTY Of SAN DIEG O 

JUlY 3· Augusl 11 , 1972 

FUIIV Qf 'edlttd (ounf\ (pc \~ 
languoge 01 all eve Is Ofl Ifelotv e 
!ol klore h stor y metnodo loyv DO. 11(. 
Vd:!nre ~o(lol og v and UGH (Ul!\.I'O 

~Iudles 
T uili on S 165 1 I 'ieIllP\ter "n!h 

Room and boord S160 \IX • ..,', .,In· 
Me,, ' ao hos t !am oly Inl orm."oo fool 
G l Odd. Un .. er,,'v 01 lao O"qQ lor. 
O,ego :. Ilor~l o 91 110 

Don't b. 
confused 
with tho 
other 
LOVE 
MACHINE 
is tho r .. 1 
THE 
OUTRAGEOUS 
UNBELIEVABLE 

.... -

Governmental 
Caree r Opportunities 

On Wednesdav. Februarv 16. 1972, the Career-Education 
Planning Servlt:'es IS sponsoring Public Service Career Day 
to be held in the South Dining Hall . Revelle Common 

The purpose IS to provide students an opportumty to 
Investigate the vast possibilIties offered at various levels of 
government. Representa tives of the nited States CiVil 
Service Commis ion , the C'alifornla State Personnel Board. 
and San Diego City and County Personnel Departments will 
be on hand to discuss their different program s presently 
available and what the fut ure may hold . These experts will 
be able to explain. for Instance. how to apply for the Federal 
Government 's Management Intern Program. what the 
CalIfornia State Adlmmst rative Trainee po ition is all 
about. and what kinds of opportumties exi t at the levels of 
City and County Government m an Diego 

Those mterested may drop in anl'time durmg 9:30 a.m to 
3.30 pm . to pick up lIterature. ask questtons. and just 
generally find (,ut how their talents. academiC background 
and mt rests might be appl ied wlthm the framework of 
publIc service 

GRAND OPENING SPECIAL 
~2.9ID D.M.I. 

VW ENGINE OVERHAUL 
• C'ean A l l Parts • ReplaCing Parts • Dls~ssembly $ 5 0 PLUS • Assembly 
• Hot Tank Case PARTS as Needed 

GUARAN TEED 90 DAYS OR 3,000 MIL~S 

5631 LA JOLLA BLVD , 2 (Bird Rock) 

For additional program 
information call the theatres 
or tune your radio dial to 
KCBQ, KSON, or KSDO where you 
can get a complete listing of 
our current program daily. 

AFT meeting Thurs. 
Are you a graduate student or a teaching underg rad'! There 
will be a general meeting of the AFT - American Federation of 
Teachers - our own local. thi s Thursdav , Februarv 17 at 7.30 in 
HL 1260 Ithe "experimental " Human'ities room~ the old blO-
med libraryl . The agenda will be: 

1. fmishing our by-la ws and constitution 
2, di cu ion of teaching problems and a report on the " Ad 

Hoc Committee on Teaching for Graduate Students" - how 
sho uld we respond to a statement we ha ve nothmg to do with ' 

3._ discussion of specific grievances, and formation of our 
policy 

4, THE FINA CIAL QUESTION 
If you are a member , come. If you are not yet a member. come 
and join, 

Ton,\' Ru so Will speak thiS Sunda~' In U B 2622 at 1 PM 
Russo who was mdicted With Dantel Ellsberg for releasmg the 
Pentagon Pap r Will be shown the movie Milbous , Tickets 

ma~' be purchased at the UrI'. Hallttckct of he I' 

The 

Pannikin 
1296 Prospect 
Frelhly Roolted Coffee 
Bulk Teal 
Imported Cui lllory Ile",1 

Special Tea This Week: 

I' ,,.,,,,. 
AN EXERCISE IN TOTAL AND 
COMPLETE EROTICA - SHE'S 
PLATED IN PLATINUM BABY -
BUT SHE'S ROTTEN TO THE 
CORE - THE HARD CORE 
OF HER VERY PSYCHE! 

~ 

OAKS DARJfWHG 

PLUS 2nd FEATURE --.---

4th & F Street, San Diego 

PARIS PUSSYCAT 477-4477 
930 National Ave., National City 

UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS ... 
_1111111111 11111 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIII IIIIIIII§ 

LYSISTRATA 
COMEDY OF ERRORS 

BLOODKNOT 
DIRECTORS: ERIC CHRISTMAS 

nOYO GAFFNEY 
.. • 111111 fill, 111111111111111111111111111111111 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 "111 11111111111111111111111-

STUDENTS $1.00 GENERAL $2.00 

g 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 1111111111111111111111111111111 1111111111111111111111111 ~ 

I ! BE OUR GUEST! 
A PAIR OF TICKETS TO EACH PLAY WILL 
BE PRESENTED TO THE FIRST 20 PEOPLE 
CALLING EXTENSION 2491 

-~II"'IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII"III II IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII1111111'111'111111'11111111111111111111111111111111111111111!llIllr 

REPERTORY SEASON OPENS 
THURSDAY FEB. 17. THE THEATRE 
IS BEHI ND THE MATTHEWS CAM-
PUS BOOKSTORE. 

Tuesday f February 15 f 1972 Tri ton Times Page 10 

(Continued from Page 4) 
the 76th Assembly. P&F has 
recently found official 
recognition on campus as thp 
Peace and Freedom Party of 
UCSD . The first meeting of thi s 
group is schedu led for Tuesday , 
Feb 15. USB 3060. 7:30p.m. All 
those interested in 
participating in radical politics 
are invited to attend. 

Assemblyman urges UC tuition increase 
In his annual attempt to raise 

student tuition charges through 
the initiation of a " learn. earn , 
a nd r ei mbur se " plan , 
Ass mblyman John Collier (R,-
S Pasadena ) introduced AB 
135 in the Assembly last month 

The mUltipurpose bill 
prOVides for students of the 

University of Ca lifornia and 
state colleges and universitIes 
to " reimburse the State for a 
portion of the expenditures 
made by the State in support of 
such publicl y supported 
institutions of higher 
education " The amount of this 
reimbursement IS set at $330 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

per quarter at the University of 
California and $427.50 per 
semester at sta te colleges. 

The bill further pr~ vtdes for 
a voluntary fee deferral 
program wh'ereby the tuitIon 
charges may be paid after 
graduation on a pal'-back scale 
proportional to the graduate's 

income. 
The bill also makes prOVISIOn 

for these fees to be Inslltuted 
either In lieu of present fees or 
In addition to them , at the 
discretIOn of the Regents ann 
Trustees The fees , If InstItuted 
In addition to present fees 
would brIng the students total 

San Diego Gas & Electric Co. 
will hold public hearings 
on March 3 & 4 to obtain 
widescale citizen input for 
studies of the environmental 
impact of construction and 
operation of a planned fifth 
power generating unit at 
Carlsbad, California. 

The hearings will take place at Carlsbad City Hall. 
Public agencies and qualified citizen groups and 
individuals are invited to participate, 

Presiding officers will be Hon . Murray L, chwartz, 
Dean of the Law School at the Uni\ ersity of 
California at Los Angele , and Hon . Richard . 
Maxwell , President of the American A sociation of 
Law choo) ·. Their time is being donated a ' a 
public service, 

The hearings are a new step initiated by DG&E 
to obtain information that will aid researchers in 
formu lating the environmental impact studies, The 
company believes its hearings are in keeping with 
objectives of the National Environmental Policy Act. 

For more information regarding participation in 
the Carlsbad hearings, please contact Joseph F. 
Dietz. manager of Environmental Coordination, 
SDG&E I before February 25. P. O. Box 1831. San 
Diego. Cali fomia 92112. 

Page 1 1 Triton Times Tuesday f Februa ry 15 f 1972 

fee ('osts to $1 .600 per year at 
the Unl versltv of C"lI forma 
and $1000 at ' state c)lleges 
Even If the present fe t's were 
dropped th~re would still b(' an 
Increase of $350 to $l()(j(, a "ear 
at the l'm\erslll' of Ca Iforma 
and 5650 to a total of $850 a Il'Jr 
at Stal(' Colleges 

PlEA~E ~END YOUR RESUME TO 
8111 Stu'seon 
Slliconlic Inc 
no 1 Laurel wood Rd 
SonIa Clara Calif. 95054 

LA JOLLA 
-. -Rexall 

PHARMACY 
School Supplies 

Cosmetics ij 
955 Prospect 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Slreel 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

T ues Sol 
945 - 530 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun & Ma n 
233·8328 

zm Avtblda Dr LA PLAYA 

PlIo .... m.)46S 

Groceries, 
r,.4"" 
11 •• ,s, 

Wilt' I.e, 

,1 

0 1 



- .. . -

announcements 
Tuesday 

Pre-mEd day at UCLA, Feb. 
26, 197:', 8:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

Lunch~on fee S3. Topics: 
admis~, i ons , emergency 
health care, community 
medicine; tour of medical 
center . Reservations must 
be made by calling 213-825-
1917 by Fri . Feb. 18. More 
info. on Urey Hall bulletin 
board - please sign there 
for car pool. 

The Christian Science 
Organ.ization will hold its 
regular weekly meeting 
tonight at 7 p.m . in the 
Formal Lounge, Revelle 
Campus. The subject for 
discussion will be " Sharing 
our good with others." All 
students and faculty 
members are cordially 
in vited . 

" M ic key and the 
Beanstalk," and " Johnny 
Appleseed, Pecos Bill, and 
Lil' Toot " will be presented 
by the Sk i Club at 7 and 9:30 
p.m., USB 2722 . Tickets 
available at Urey Hall box 
office. If you want a break 
from your surrealistic 
studies, or a reflection on 
the past, this is for you . The 
prices are 50 cents for kids, 
75 cents for adults . 

UCSD PHOTOGRAPHER'S 
ASSOCIATION - Short 
meeting in 3070 USB at 7:30 
p.m. 
Fellowships are available 
from State Farm for 
students in business or 
business-related fields such 
as computer science, 
economics, mathematics, 
and pre-law, who will enroll 
for either their senior year 
of undergraduate school or 
f ir:.. t year of graduate school 
in Fa ll 1972. Applications 
are ava ilab le from Jean 
Fort, 108 Me. Dead line for 
applying is March 1. 

The UCSD Drama Club will 
meet at 5'30 in Q317 (rear), 
Matthews campus 

Supper for students (35¢) at 
5 p.m . All welcome at 
University Lutheran 
Church, west of Revelle. 
Attention all Th ird College 
students, faculty, T As, and 
staff! There will be a Third 
College assembly tonight 
from 7 to 9 p.m. in 1105 
Basic Science Bldg . If 
quorum not present by 7:30 
p.m. the Assembly will be 
adjourned. Be there! 
Fellowships are available 
from the Department of 
Housing and Urban 
Development for full -t ime 
graduate study toward a 
Master ' s Degree in an 
urban-related f j eld . 
Applications are available 
from Jean Fort, 108 Me. 
Deadline for apply ing in 
March 1. 

Wedne day 
" Jesus Christ Superstar"-
8 p . m ., multi-media 
presentation of the rock 
opera . Free and open to al l. 
at University Lutheran 
Church . 9595 La Jo ll a 
Shores Dr . 

What to do with a major in 
literature? Quest ions about 
Grad school or whatever . 
Faculty-student panel 
discussion . Coffee and 
cookies . 4 p.m ., Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
BASKETBALL - MCC vs. 
Victor Valley, MCC Gym, 8 
p.m. 
Teaching Credential 
information seminar for 
students i nteres ted in 
elementary or secondary 
teaching. Informal Lounge, 
Revelle Commons . 
Public Service Career Day 
Recruiters 
representatives of Federal , 
State, County and City civil 
services will descr ibe and 
discuss the broad range of 
career opportun ities in 
government ava il able to 
college graduates . South 
Dining Hall - Reve lle 
Commons. 

Urban & Rural studies 
public lecture - Chuck 
Stone, Director of Minority 
Affairs , Educational 
Testing Service, Princeton, 
N.J. will present a public 
lecture sponsored by the 
U RS Program (Third 
College) . His topic will be : 
" Reaffirmation of 
Blackness : An Educational 
Coal." USB-2722, Revelle . 4-
6p.m. 
Discussion with Drs . 
Swanson and O' Neil of the 
Physics Department about 
Natural Science 2A. Anyone 
who is interested in a 
discussion about the Self· 
Paced (2ASP) version of 
this class and the regular 
c'ass is invited to attend at 
7:30 p.m . in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge, next to 
the TV Room. 

Viktor Frankl " M . D ., 
Ph . D ., emminent 
psychotherapist, professor, 
author and lecturer, will 
speak at the University of 
San Diego at 8 p.m . in 
Camino Theatre ; no 
admission charged . His 
topic will be 
" Psychotherapy and 
Philosophy . " 

Thur day 
Dick Gregory, 12 noon and 8 
p.m., SDCe. 

All People interested in 
spring break trip to Squaw 
Valley please come to Snow 
Ski Club meeting, 2C 1110 8 
p.m . Your support is 
needed . 
For graduate student or 
teach i ng u ndergra d 
General meeting of the AFT 
- American Federation of 
Teachers - at 7:30 in HL 
1260. 

Communications program 
in Third College will present 
a public lecture at 2 p.m . in 
Cor Rm . A, 111 Me. Dr . 
Ronald Will iams, will speak 
on " Black Engl i sh -
Historical and Educat ional 
Institutes." Free and open 
to UCSD community . 

You are invited to attend an 
informal discussion being 
cosponsored by the 
Chancellor's Committee on 
Equal Employment 
Opportunities for Women 
and the UCSD Women 's 
Caucus, is room 4050 A of 
the Undergraduate Science 
Building . It is hoped to have 
a place to bring questions 
and gain information 
regarding employment of 
women on the campus. 

" What 's RIGHT With 
Nurs ing," a one-day 
seminar on the changing 
role of nurses in the health 
care system, has been set 
for today at the Atlantis 
Restaurant in San Diego. 
Will meet from 8:30 a.m . to 
3:30 p.m. 2595 Ingraham in 
the South Room. A S10 
registration fee will include 
lunch . Contact Shirley 
Brandt R.N., Nursing and 
Allied Health Sciences 
Coordinator, at X2705 . 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN 
BANK BOARD 
RECRUITERS US 
Citizenship required 
DeQrees : B Majors : 
Bus .Ad / Accts / Finance / 
Econ. Positions as Savings 
and Loan examiner, 
financial analyst, er.onomisl . 

S.S. Kresge company 
recruiters - Western and 
Central U.S., permanent 
resident visa required. 
Degrees : BAiBS Majors : 
any major . Accelerated on-
the-job training program 
leading to store 
management, district 
management, buyer, and 
executive positions. For 
more information contact 
career planning and 
education, X2401 , building 
2D. F d ri ay 
ANOMALY FACTORY 
presents MNX today and 
tomorrow at 8:30 p.m ., in 
Bldg . 257 Matthews 
Campus . Tickets are 
ava ilable at the Urey Hall 
box office or at the door . 
For reservations, call 
X1195 . 

Two half-day seminars 
devoted to a primary 
problem of today's business 
film - the planning and 
control of cash flow - have 
been set at 9:30 a.m. to 12 
noon and 1 :30 to 4 p.m . in 
the Bayview Room, Kona 
Kai Club . Further 
information - X2061. An S18 
registration fee is required . 

Economics Department 
Seminar, 3:30 p.m. room 
3020 undergraduate science 
building. Prof. Michael 
Rothsch ild, Harvard 
University, will speak on: 
" A two-armed bandit 
theory of market pricing, or 
what I learned from my 
Mother-in -la w about 
seventh avenue." 

CONSCIENTIOUS 
OBJECTOR MEETINGS -
Seminar with Lance Beizer, 
UCSD Draft counselor, for 
conscientious objector 
applicants and those with 
any other draft questions 
today at 3 p.m ., in 1102 
Tioga Hall. Be sure to notice 
change of room from Fall 
Quarter. 

NAVAL UNDERWATER 
RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT 
CENTER RECRUITERS -
Degrees B/ M / D Majors : 
EE /ME Physics, Math. 
Analytical work, applied 
research and mechanical 
electronic design . 
Programming analysis of 
life science and 
geographical data . 
Teaching credential 
informations seminar for 
students interested in 
elementary or secondary 
teaching . Informal Lounge, 
Revelle Commons. For 
more information contact 
career planning & 
education, X2401. 

Everyone in the UCSD 
community is welcome to 
participate . Call X2492 for 
information . advertisements for ourselves 

A Sunday matinee showing 
of Walt Disney's " Mickey 
and the Beanstalk," plus 
" Johnny Appleseed & Pecos 
Bill," will be shown at 2 
p .m . USB 2722 . Free 
popcorn - refreshments to 
be sold . Children 50 cents 
adults 75 cents. 

( ~ tl t ) 'OCl06 ' e) 'AID 
JaAln) 'V' ' ~dao 'puelJa"o 
8H~ 888t -CSt JO 90L9 
-l8l ' N\fW~ IV'H) IH911::J 
""V') ~ dl~l - GNnO~ 
6HS WO~::l : NV'dV'r 

~ dl~l-ONno~ 6llS WO~::l 
: 3do~n3 SlH911::l 
.13r .,V'nNN'1 H16 

Sl8S-6S~ qao lie) 'SOll 
.,H UI ~ala:>eJg ONnO::l 

'V'l S~CS ~e 
4:l1~ aas 'AeplJ::l V'Z 088S UI 
sassel6 WIJ aJIM ONnO::l 

(Sl l) 
Llll-CSt 'euuV' lie:> JO 'lCC9 
xog Od o~ uJn~aJ 'puno! !I 
lL 6l l 'wAfi a4~ !O Auo:>leg 

lHJON a41 U! ual seM 
~I u!e4:> uo SSOJJ XOP04~JO 
ue!ssn~ Pl06 - .l.SO, 

I~~ ;'1 !lll(:\\ 11':) 
.l\\ fjOt II (. .qi11U un~ 111.)UfI , 
If! wnlllf! PlIt.).)}! CNnO::l 

()lIIl0.J ~ 1~()1 
(6l l) 

lOS66 
)1'</ a6eJ04 JU '1 S9Sl xog 

V')lS'11'1 NI sgor 
00 C$ 'Ial ooq paJle~aG 

SIS J) 6U!A!I ''>iJOM JaUJwns 
'aJ' Auew 'I.AOfi 'AJaUue:> 
'6 J l.peal 'uO!pn JISuo:> 
'I sqol Inoqe lie UJeal 

V')tS'1"'1 
Sl l ) 9C~C 

xa OOSL-E;. ';~n~ '/,I lIeJ 
'ai' eJlsap ' fiOJd Ja~ndUJo:> 
"6 e ~s aUJos 4:>ASd 
u I '1'W JO '1 9 '4JJeasaJ 
Ie_ fio 04:>Asd leJaua6 

UeIS!SS'1 4JJeaSa~ 

'(.1) SS8HSL 
H'PJe) 'd04S pnS palas 

PIO o~ paflOW - pe SI41 
411M - L$ saqoog ~l$ le6 
S 'UOII!?6 C$ u!sa~ pJeA SS $ 
ssel9 S6 llS s~sl 's)ju elq 
)tJel) HO c/cOl sHns~aM 

SC~p.10g:nlns .l.S1.10>l 

ClOl 
'IX3 'UOSU40r Auag aU04d 
JO 'OS)n 'A60104:>As d 
'UOSJapU '1 H ueUJJON 
!OJd O~ saUJ!~ alqel!eAe 

jO aU!l~no pue sa6e 
'saweu jlew asn04 s,~uaJed 
u! auop aq o~ AI!JeulpJo 
SlUaWIJadx3 uOlssas 
Jn04-!le4 Jad lS ~uawafipnl 
pue uo!~da:>Jad jO s'>ise~ 
aldw!s uo s~uawlJadxa 
leJIfiol04JAsd U! spalqns se 
papaau Zl o~ 9 ' N3~GlIH) 

IULIO . .ldd 
()7l 17) 

l JaBe 8U8-SSL Alln:>e! JO 
lIels sluapnls JO! ~unoJslG 

aJ!AJas xe.1 aUJo:>ul 
1816'6S, ~-;3~ 3Hl N I 

'1110r '11 13H)S~3H 
g,LL 1 no) IG 
1 J 30nlS IO~lNO) 

• tWlln110d 
nrl/ S~IV'd3~ 
SdV') N913~O::l 

a '1 N'1)I~:JN'1 
3 )11\ ~35 :lI\IIONOln'1 

S3N'1r A~l c.03~1l 
~') >I)'S OIn'1 dno", 51 

996t L8llle) 'aA 3 J4 SlS ([ l l) 8L80-CSI' Auag oxal 
:>aN dX3 ON wa::l 0~04d Ol ~I" J::l) sJa"!Un" ,a 

JO! siapow apnN pa~ueM ilWWOH,' jO AdoJ pa,ueM 
~ ___ Spa!J!SSBla 

' aJo~s)joog 
sa~ew!~sa 

A'>iJljs 4~!M 
A~ n 0 
( ~) 

(Sl l) 
A~!SJaA!Un 
aaJ::l 'sAa)j 

sJa~!JMadA~ 
: G3.l.N'1M 

'LO?l 
-L8l lIeJ - suoqe~Jass!p 
01 sJaded WJa~-W81 uo 
9NldAl 3.1V'~m)V' ~O::l 

(ll l) 'pe S!4~ diD 
9S£L-CSL 4JUAI aJ!Jleag 
JlJpalas Wgl a6ed 

e :>OS 'peaJ!ooJd "6 padA~ 
spodaJ-sJaded UJJaj-slsa41 

(~) lOtlX 
lie) aAe4 AeUJ nOA walqoJd 
fiUljlJM Aue 41!M dla4 
JO HeJp 46nOJ moA )jJa4J 
01 alqel!eAe aJe sJapea~ 

)INll) 9NI.1I~M 
aJL\.laS 

. (Sl l) 
LCOl6 e) 'eliO r e., '660S 
xog Od 'uar 09l$ '.1.,nw 
-0 M ~I\)~ 9l 3>1V'~O 

(Sl /l) iaJO~s)jooq 
a4~ Ie alqel!eAe MOU 
aJe ( 0) 'qnd Ml ~uos~eM 
'W ' '1) .. 3)'13d NI 3W'1) 
A3HL, Ja llas ~ saq ~xau 
a4~ !O sa!do:> Mil! V' i HSV'I::l 

alu: .I0J 
(Sl l ) iS IJe leJnlln:> 

-JalunOJ 'S)j! )jseIUe! 
MOllaw sn6u!w ~ 09t9-88~ 
'OS$ WOOJ UMO 'Pled sa!~!lqn 
'4:> eag J! ! !:>e d 4~JON 
Aq asn04 aAe4 ~u eWOM 
l JO aldnoJ 'paaN AIIWIf::l 
M09NI'<t~ AZV'~) 

(Slll ) 190L-SSL 
' ::l "6 3 'ON ~UOJ::l ueaJO OSLl 
'oUJ /OLS AIUO 'AeMe ' )jlq l /, 
do~s Jas!nJ) ~seo) 'PJOIPUel 
"6 sa~ewooJ AIPUa !J! 'Pled 
4seJ~ "6 Ja~eM '( do-u!oJ IOU ) 
sas!UJaJd uo JaAJp "6 Ja4SeM 
'Iood pa~ea4 'pa4S !UJn! Alln! 
" Ide Jew lao ~UOJ! 4Jeaq 
JO! a~ewooJ aleWa! auo 
:03G33N A"lN39~n 

(Stll) '60lt -CSt 
sal!u 'OOlt-CSt sAep '~Jaual 
weAH 'l 4JJew alq el!eA'1 
'WOOJ UMO 'sndweJ WOJ! 
·U!W 9 uea~o s)joOIJaAO 

JOG-~sod )tIes M 
Jew lao U! aJe4s o~ asnoH 

(SlIZ) SOl~-CSt sa~!u 
'OOlHSt sAep 'fiJaqU !aM 
qoS ' l 4:>Jew alqel!e"V' 
'UJOOJ UMO 'sndUJeJ WOJj 
'U!UJ 9 'ueaJO s)toOIJa"o 

JO G - ~sod )tIes / M 
Jew laO U! aJe4s o~ asnoH 

(U /C/ C) 
C l S8-l:6C (S l ~ ) au04d 

COL\>6 j !le) 'o:>s!Ju eJ::l 
ues '~aa J~S W>iJeW S66 
·.l.NI S.1.H~n~ ~3.1.HlfH::> 

3.1.I~M 
HO '1'1::> suo!,e"Jasa~ 
'salnpatps 'uo!leWJoJul 
J0:t ' sl!e~ap JO! )tse 
- sdnoJ6 afiJel JO lIews JO! 
luaUJa6ueJJe S'4fi!1! lepads 

:sJapea., dnoJ6 uo!~uaU\f 

Tuesday, February 15, 1972 

(LI t ) 
'( SaAa) 9tZt-SSL eu!.1 lI eJ 
'O !U ! aJOW JO::l ' sassedl!e~ 
' eJ!J!'1 'lae JSI 's ua4W 

'O! ~ o~ sa~!I::l 'OSlS AeM-auo 
'SllS UJOJ! adoJn3 oSle OLtS 
OA)jOl 6llS 06eJ!4) 'SSlS 
AN o~ Sal!l ::l )jeaJg 6u !JdS 

(~) (jua! JO pue laeJSI 
' lse3 GIPP!W OSI'1.) 0908 
-Ct8 ( ~lLl ~991.6 'e) 'au!AJI 
'AV'M H.1V'3~MSN33nO 
Cl9Ll " d ' 3 'S 3 3WI.1AN'1 
)I)\fS 3WO) '3WI.1AN'1 
09 SClS WO~::J AV'M 
3NO OllS WO~::J dl~l 
ONno~ SlH911::l ONno~ 

~V'3As~nOASI3do~n3 
alq el!eA'1 

PJe) 'G' I leUO!~euJa~ul 
V'IS'1 

- V')I~::lV' - "3V'~SI 
S14fi!l::l ueadoJn3-Ja~U I 

uo aJe::l J!V' MO., 
AeM 

auo 6llS WOJj NOONOI 
d ! J~punoJ 69l.S - NOONOI 

S3~V'::l 3.,dWV'$ 
WOJ::J 

aS004) o~ S'4fi!l::l Auew 
3.,9V'1IV'1\V' 

MON S31n03H)S 
""V' ::l - ~ 3WWnS-9N I ~ dS 

SlH911::l ~3.l.~V'H) 
lL6l 3dO~n3 

laAU.ll 
Triton Times Page 12 


