
Open Forum Discussion Held Regarding Lettau Case 
. He continued by citing rules and regulatlom from About 150 p opl~ attended an open forum regardln.g Academic Senate and UnlvPrslty bylaws re~ardlng du£>o 

the Lettau suspenSion W dnesday noon on the ~Ulr process in cas s of ~uspemion, none which, say~ 
lawns. The dialogue ~as. sponsored by the Radl .al Heif tz, were followed . 
Coa lition and the prl.nClpal sp.eakers wer~ MelVin Vice-Chane 1I0r of Stud nt Affairs George Murphy, 
Freilicher.from the Ra?lcal Coalition, Bo? Heifetz from who had been censured by the Radical Coalition and 
the American Federation of Teachers, VlCe-~hancellor AFT for obstructing the due process by notifYing Lettau 
of tudent Affairs George .Murphy, and Mu!r Colleg.e of suspension befor L ttau had time to reply , 
Dean Jim Beckley. Jeff Weinstein of the Radical Coali- countered th censures by stating that "the absence of 
tion served as moderator. due process was at the plectlon of the prof ssor." H 

Freili her read ~ ~peech prep~red by the mempers of later added that "no further action will be taken unless the Radical Coalition. According to the speech, the L t ' t " 
d d Lit' t" d d 'sa ttau wan s I . Coalition oes not con one e au s ac lon, an I p- M . Colleg D an Jim Beckley claimed that "Lettau 

proves of t~e "side.tr~ckin.g te~hniq~es" employed by had u~~en given a chOice" between accepting the 
the UniverSity administration I.n their handl.lng ?f the administrative susp nsion and complaining a~ainst the 
case. The speech also chastised the University of e b fore th Committee on Privileges and Cal ifornia for not making public knowl dge of Depart- censur . 

Tenure. 
ment of Defense monies being used on campus. A question-and-answer period followed. Ihe In-

AFT spokesman Heifetz accused the Univer~ ity's dividual statements by the leaders and admlnlSlrators continued relationship with the military as the source of 
the problems that culminated in Professor Lettau's Rheinhard Lettau has decidpd to appear before the 
" tapping" the cap ~f a M~rine re~ruite.r . " ~ad the Committe of Privileges and Tpnure of Ihe AcademiC 
University not continued Its relationship " With. the S nate about the lack of due process in the Original 
mi litary this would never have happened, claimed s rving of the fourteen day suspension. 
Heifetz. 

Volume 17 Number 16 

State Fi nan ce 
Di rector cha rges 

i rresponsi ble 
spending 

" I did not com here as a 
vdngua rd of a dump-
Charle Hitch," said State 
Depa rtment of Finance 
Dlrrctor Verne Orr, the 
L niverslty of California 
Regents San Francisco 
merting Thursday. 

The last time a finance 
director spoke before the 
Board of Regents, five years 
ago, UC President Clark 
kerr wa fired from his 
position . 

There was speculation, 
prom pted by a William 
Trombley article in the La 

\~GELE TIME , thaI a 
Imila r move might be 

made to remove President 
Charles Hitrh at yesterday'S 
meeting. 

Although Mr. Orr dis-
relied the doubts about 
Hitch's securi ty as President 
of th University of Califor-
nia, he presented several of 
Ihe Department of 
Finan e's doubts about .the 
eff ctiveness and t h need 
of certa in UC budgetary 
allotments. 

In his presentation, Orr 
compared the salaries of 
top state officials with those 
of UC officials. 

The Governor of Califor-
nia re eives $49,500.00 year-
ly in addition to hi s 
residence. The President of 
the University of California 
rec ives $53,500.00 yearly 
and a house. 

President Hitch r garde 
this variance in salary as a 
fai lure of th e State of 
Ca lifornia to provide 
proper salaries for its 
employees. " The governor 
of New York re eives $80,-
000.00 yearly and a house," 
stated Hitch. The salary 
Hitch rece ives is in accor-
danc with th salaries of 
eight co llege president 
from omparable in -
stitutions. 

Also atta k d by Orr 
were, what h t rms, the 
" inflat d nrollment 

figures" provid d by the 
UnivPrsity of California in 
ord r to receive increased 
funding . 

Hitch responded to thi 
by citing that ov r a ten 
year period the UC enroll-
ment estimates have not 
been more than two per-
cent over or under the ac-
tual figure. 

Orr proposed that more 
professional contact with 
students was in order, that 
too much U ni versity 
profe ~or time was spent in 
r earch and po t-graduat 
edurat lon. 

C President Hit ch 
regarded thiS attitude as 
non -ronstructive. Th e 
money s,1\·ed by redire ting 
profr~sors from post-
graduate educational dutie 
to undergraduate duties 
would acrifi e educational 
quality. 

The major subject of con-
tention between Hi tch and 
Orr was rega rding the 
profe sor su rplu s at UC 
R iverside, a campus 
currently facing an enroll-
ment crisis due to the lack 
of tudents. 

Orr tated that President 
Hitch asked for sa laries to 
hire 141 new professor for 
the UC system while there 
wa s a surfeit of 60 -7 5 
professors at Riverside. 

The UC President con-
tended that the removal of 
these profe sors to other 
ampuses would result in 

th total " decimation" of 
the Riversid Faculty and 
the campus would fa ce a 
di astrous plight if such a 
drasti m asure were to be 
made. 

When a ked if he had 
ondu t d a study in-

v tigating if the urplu 
River id Fa ulty ould 
hav partially fulfill e d 
Hit h 's r qu t for n('w 
fa ulty m mb r , Orr ad-

ontinued on page 3 

of California, San Die 0 

, 

Terry Sheridan will perform in con-
cert at the third floor patio area of 
Central Library Saturday at 1 :30 PM. 
Story on page 6. 

Course Evaluation 
Progress Made 
In the midst of response gC'n rat('d b the rerently 

published our e and Profe SClr EvaILlatio,,~ , the t~­
dent Educational Change and D<' elopmC'nt enter I~ 
curren tl y planning an evaluation Qf thi~ quarter's 
rlasses, certain to be the most comprehensive ever at 
U ... D. 

This week, d partment head and all facuity were 
mailed a copy of th tentative questionnaire and a letter 
of explanation, along with a request for . any ug-
gestions or omments. With department h'llrmen and 
faculty agreement, the que tionnaire will be pa sed 
out during lecture classes. 

The present que tionnaire i a re ult of about five 
weeks of work and extensive research . A number of 
faculty and students who have had previous experience 
with such a project have been consulted, and other 
universities ' programs have b en reviewed . 

Unlik the last valuation , stud nt will not respond 
on th que tionnaire it elf, but will record their com-
m nts on computer card - thus saving time in 
compi ling the data . Such a procedure ha . b~ ome 
crucia l with the xpand d s op of the ta k, Indlcat d 
by the amount of materials needed : 30:000 que-
tionnaires and omputer card, 12,000 pencil , and 300 
manilla envelop s. Over 700 man (or, more sp cifi ally, 
stud nt) hour will go into th proje t. 
" Right now we n ed p opl ," a i~ .Billie Jo hebo, 
dir ctor of th project." tLidents Willing .to !ormulate 
the final qu stionnaire and to actually dl tribute and 
co llect the que tionnaires in th ('ir own lasws hould 
c nta t th enter right away. It ' not compli ated at <111 
and onl takes about ten or fifteen minut<'s per la ~ ." 

Briefing di us ion con ('ming th(' a tual pro-
cedu r(' of conducting the evalua tion will be h<'ld at the 

enter (in Lower Muir ommom) on Monda , v. 20 
,11 12, 4 and 8 p.m., and on Monda , ov 27 at the ~ame 

tim<,~ . 

Frida , November 17, 1972 

Franklin and 
Proletariat Culture 

KeVin 01 on 
H Brucr Franklin the 

recently-fired tanford 
professor and elf-
proclaimed CommuniQ 
gave a lecture at LC D thl~ 
Friday In which he called 
for the discovery of 
"proletariat culture" in the 
arts and letter of the 
acad my. Th lerture, un-
der the formal title "Art 
Politics, and onety" wa~ 
Introduced by and In-
tersper ed with livelv di~­
cussions of the contrm('f-
sial Franklin 's currE'nt 
political ituation . 

The thesis of the I('nllrl' 
was that "th real \alue of 
poetry lie, in the rollecti\e 
work experienre," Franklin 
illustrated thi, with tapC' 
recordings of egro blu<', 
inger Lightnin ' Hop im 

and three ninett'enlh -
rentury whaling "ong~ 
tying them to the prose ot 
Herman Mrlville, whom he 
de cribed a a "proletariat 
writer." Franklin stated th.1I 
" the life blood of poetr} I' 
10 t In the academy ', 
because cholar hip re~ult, 
in poetry be oming "the 
precious sp cimen of an 
elite few ." Bou rgeol~ 
cul tur e, according to 
Franklin, ha for cen tur ie 
oppre ed a nd ignored 
"proletariat u Iture," which 
should rightfully be the 
ubject of artists and 
cholars. 

The former literature 
profe or wa careful, 
however. not to be iden-
tified a a ultural e,-
tremist: " I'm not a ing that 
bourgeoi cul ture is totall 
worthle - I don't think 

we should burn all th If 
hooks or anything II~e 
that" 

Murh of the di ru~w'ln 
rentered on Franklin ' s 
alleged politicdl per,ecu-
tion HE' was firC'd Irom 
. tdnford la I ~edr tor 
allegedlv inntin~ qudC'nt .. 
to violence and PiH-
ticipating in r;)mpu, disrup-
tions, e.g. pre\('ntlng Henry 
Cabot lodge Irom gl\ing a 
I('cture on rampu~ . Franklin 
di,mi~ses th(>,(' rharg(" a 
trivia , and insi Is that hr v\a 
fired b£'rau"e of hi.. un-
populoH political belief . 

Franklin I' thp leader ot 
\' 'nrC'remo",.1 ommunl't 
group \vhirh .11/1£" Ihl It 
\-\.llh he BI.1< ~ Panthpr, 
\ \'r)('ramo , .1 "pllnter 
group of th., "orthern 

.111f [) r 11 i .1- h.1\ (d R P 0-
lutinn.lf\ L nlon has a it .. 
prlmM\ go.ll to o\('rthro\\. 
the' L nttpri tate, go\ern-
Ilwnt and Inqdl a om-

munl~t ~O(let\ 
Alter thl' lecture, 
Fran~lln, who had con-
tinuallv quoted Mao T~e­
tung' view on rulture wa 
asked bv a stud nt if Mao 
Tse-tung. and Communi t 
111 gen('ral, engaged In 
periodic purge of diS Ident 
Intelle,-tual . often ending 
them to lave labor camps 
He r, plied That\ non-
~en e, man, what the 
apltali ts trll you There 

are onl} 4000 pmoner in 
all of China And if you 
really want to "('e slave 
lahor camp' rome to the 
U . I'm gOing up to help 
.1 few brother~ In Ontano 
thl' we('~end " 

Correction! 
In the ov 14 artl Ie, Man UnhdPP and Hanp 

R tllrn~ ," tht' TRITO TI 11 errollC'QU Iv reported that 
th<' Health , ( 1t'11( e PrOpml\I(Hl 2 n('('dt'd 660 of the 

<lftforni.l \ot, to P,I\\ It nt'('d(,d.l impl, m.llol,: .. • ~'1d 
p'l,~('d by a 60 P n to 39 n 1ll.11!~111 



Denfal Grants 
For the ni nth consecut ive yea r the America n Dental 

As ociation is spo nsoring the Prog ram in Dental 
Research fo r Co llege tudents und!'r a grant from the 

atlonal In~titllte of Dental RE' earch. Thi5 program 
make~ it po~~ible for ~elE'cted pre-baccalaureate coil ge 
~tudent5 to spend 10 wE'E'ks in the laboratory of a senior 
dental 5nentist who i~ working in the field of the 5tu-
dent 's ,areer intere~t. The overall objective of the 
program I~ to Identify exceptional students and to 
furni5h Imlght, through a dir('(·t experience, to the 
challen~es that emt in oral biology and rela ted re-
search. 

ucce~'.ful candidate5 \Nil I I'w pl'Ked In the' labora-
tories 01 ~pnlor de'nt.11 5CIe'/1 15t5 whNeln the stude'nt 
pMl1cip,lte, in re'l'M( h studll" rel.lIcd to thl' e~pre's'e'd 
primM\ lipid 01 Inte re,t to e,lch student The progr,lm 
prolleies ,1 511ppnd ot $1.000 to th(' ,tuc1rnt for hi, 
malnten .. 1/1((' during .l ppriod of 10 we('k5 In thC' 
5ummer I\ir tr,nel will Il( provided to the 5tucipnt\ 
,),5ignC'd Inslltution, to J mpetinl,( site of a conference 
Iwld in 1,1IC' <\ugu,t , ,md ba( k to thC' 5tudent', horne or 
~(hool rhl' tOl,ll value of the tpn wprk pellod i, 
hC'tween $1,200 to 1,400 depending upon d'5tancC' 
tr.lwled Th(' ronft're'nc(' i~ composed of all ,tudent 
tr.llnee, ami ,lI1 opportunlf\ ,<, gilen for thp pre'f'rtJ-
lion ot Indi\lrlual resE'Mch rpport< 

Thp <ll Jdllne for applir,ltlon for tht> Program In 
Dl'nt,,1 Rl"l',H('h tor ('011('1,(( lUdE'nt" I' rebru.HI 15, 

1~73. Intorm,ltIon .lnd ,lprlic,)tiol1 km arp ,l\',lIl.lhll' 
tll,m. 

]1:',111 Par"s PreDpntall\lhi50r 
Bldg .20, 6th rtoor, Muir Camru\ 

Meet W ith Watson 
.\.1eetlnl,( with Provo,t jcw Watson, will 1)(> held at 1 

p.m. on '-'onday, 0\ 20 at Drake Hall dnd Wpdnp,dal. 
'01 . 22 .It Ogrlen H,ll1 Everyone is welcomp. 

McGovern Shriver 
Sale 

atureidY, "Jovemb r 18, 12 ' 00 noon McGovern, 
hriver office supplv sale. Last chance to rip off cam-
PJi~n buttons p05ter ~tl('kers anrl officE' ~upplies, all at 
,I,lshpd prices JOin U\ With a picnic and sale at noon. 

Hotel Clrdp, olf Hiway 8, Hotel Circle exit. 
rn , "hr.ver Hpadquarters 

A 
D 
'./ 
A 
/oJ 
C 
E 
5 
A 
l 
f 

J()j.I. 0 
T ( lie ... Plry pt'oPe. A ph. 

~ COll'l ',,,, SWf"'!) 
~ .. .The dance IS Q bendit to fd Y +he. 

~ CDsts of +'I"di"~ 8 c.hiullo f.G In'' litJ Q 
~ I')el<.i p~(e +0 /illt. ••• 

l1: Vii I~ • $ oGli 'li' [:1J @! [I [00 r:J 8 \'2. ~ ~~? 
r..J , 

The Passion of Joan 
Last Monday I received a letter from th Muir Provost 

offi ce. " ... you may go to Darmouth for Winter quar-
ter," it said . "Yippee!" I thought. " Lot s of fresh snow, 
hot chocolat , a blazin g fire place, afternoon mu sic reci -
tals, lit eratu re clubs, blue pa rkas, and red noses, Santa /s 
Vill age, N,"w England acce nts, steamed lobste r, and 
skiin g all weekend ." 

However, my friend Hugh, a Revelle physics major, 
endeavorl'd to dampen my spirit s. " You just think that it 
wi ll be all new, cozy, and cla SS ical, but wait until that 
firsl big storm . Th e electricity will go out and yo u won /t 
be abl e to cook th (' chocolate and lobster. All music 
recitals and lit clubs will be an e led and you/II have to 
w ar three blue parka be ause there's no heat and the 
fire is OUI. New En gland acce nts went when TV ame , 
and yo u':1 be too busy studying to even look at a ski 
slope, and there is no anta Clause, so Humbug! " 

Since Hugh is the type who neve r misses a Hum 
lecture, I usually block o ut most of what he says. 
Dartmo ut h will be fantasti c, and I expect to be happy, 
conte nt , and busy lea rn ing how to live away from the 
cliffs, the sun , and Blacks Beach. Yet, it suddenl y 
occu rr d to me that I/m leaving the Big U without 
having changed one thing that needs to be changed. 

or have I sufficiently shared what I know to be the 
weE'ter, morl' wort hwhile a pects of UCS D wi th th e 

mas es. Consequently, this last column is devoted 
ntirely to a brief survey on what I be lieve ca n bf' 

improved or deleted here, and what ca n nev r be 
improved upon or de l ted anywhere. 

1 he fi rq topic dea ls with the ab.solu te best fea ture of 
Ih" school outside of Haro ld Urey's lab situated in Urey 
Hall overlooking Urcy parking lot and th thousand of 
students anxious to win thf' rey, er, ,,"obel Prize . Ye / 
kids, th(' Regents built your univerSity less than a mile 
from great <'urfing, ~paciou<; cliffs, and ,I ('mi-seclud d 
be'dch. 

<;0 how manv of you have ~et to stand at thf' edge of 
Ihl' cliffs dnrl watch the' sun set into the 5w!'lling, falling 
hreak('rs? Ano how many of you know th(' JOY of 
fr('eling '.lIt w,lIpr all OVl'r your body, th(' sensation of 
ducking, ris(', oucklng, spitting into the' foam, and 
,IN'plng clOSI' to Ihe' occam roar in the brisk winter 
rlarknps ? Ju,t a I thought. Approximately eighty per-
cent of the ~turlent borlv are doomed to lead insignifi-
(,lilt, colorl('ss lives despl t(· the fact that <,alvation is 
Weq and down, about 300 feet 

Anothrr "best" is a guy I shall call Eliot. He' has 
person,lllv done more to arou e rasSion (lhi5 Includes 
C'xlr('me ,mgl'r) in rrople than anyon(' ('15 on ramrus. 
One night I happen('d to notice him making faces at m 
through mv suite window. Before I had a chance to say 
" Oh Eliot", hp grabbed my arm and brought me 
downstJ/r,. (Whpn Eliot is Ihis active it is better to 
follow, not r('sist.) 

"Look.l t thiS n/ght!" he <'did. "But whsr(' i5 th(' squa ll 
Itn!'? There s got to be a squall lin('." I pOIllI('d to the 
dprroarhing blarkncss over the ocean uddenly the 

.~lIld InrrpJSerl, a flash of lightening raced Jcross the 
,ky, and it became very raid. Eliot was exciterl. 

;'AAAAHHHI Look at tha t, will you just look at that 
moon, th,lt cloud, that star, that rf'd ray?" I did, or tried 
to, and V..1S glad that there are peoplf' like Eliot who 
take the time to show others a moon or a red ray. 

The not 50 plNsant pha s of UCSD are usuall y 
obviou,> ,1I tf'r a week Irving on campus and going to 
classes. However, it nelier fails to asto nish me th at 
ecology minded students can walk below Muir Com-
mon<, dnd ignore tllP ground lit:ered wi th old Triton 

Timr~, North t,m, ~cattpred food wrarpers, Jnd 
leaflets from morp doive days . "This is whe rc thf' whole 
ecology movement begins Jnd ends," I th ink. 

Another disconcerting fa( tor is the rathrr b latcnt 
display of apathY on the part of the students. "There's 
nothing to do," they whine. ')0 what is keeping people 
from demanding afternoon concerts on(' d w('rk, 
movil's rvl'ry night, a rummage sale o r ball,lr on 

(ontinu(>d on pagp 3 

171 times a day. Smile away to Los Angeles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario. and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy· to bear tow fare. PSA gives you a lift. 

2 Triton Times November 17, 1972 

Cancer-ned 
Students 

(names withheld by request) 
The leHer below reflects the opinion of the authors and 
does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the TRITON 
TIMES. 

Last Thursday Marine Corps recruiters were invited 
on campus by the Administration . At this time, a facult y 
member, Professor Reinhard Lettau, tapped one of the 
recruiters on the hat to attract his attention . As a resu lt 
of this act the Administration, represented by Mui r 
College Dean Beckley, filed a formal complaint; Vicl'-
Chancellor Murphy suspended Professor Lettau ; 
Chancellor McElroy confirmed the sentence. The 
Marine recruiter did not press charges. It must b 
added that none of these administrators were presen t at 
the time of the incident. For some unknown reason , the 
Administrat ion thought it useful to bypass the academic 
Senate which as a matter of course examines all ca ses of 
offe nse on campus. Below is a letter to the Administra 
lion protesting their outrageous behavior and urging 
the m, for the sake of all the University community, to 
withdraw charges as well as urging th e Acade mi c Senatp 
to inves tigate any Admin istrative misuse of authority . 
Eve ry stud nt and fac ulty me mber is urged to send thi, 
lette r immediat e ly to Chancellor McE lroy, MC 107. 

To: William McElroy, Chancellor; 
Murphy, Vice-Chancellor; James Beckley, 
Muir College Dean. 

I am outraged at the ease with which you hav{' 
ignored the constitutionally guaranteed right of 
due process and have suspended Profess o r 
Reinhard Lettau. 

Professor Lettau only allegedly tapped one of 
the Marine recruiters. But with Ihis charge, yo u 
have bludgeoned his, and our, ba ic freedoms. 
According to your own administrativ e 
procedures, whe n a violation occurs two vprbal 
warnings must be addressed to th(> offender \ 0 
cea e his activity or be served with a notice of 
suspension. Not only was this procedure not 
followed in Professor Lettau/s case but, without a 
trial, without a public hearing before his pee rs, 
without allowing him to face his accusers and 
respond to their accusations, you assumed til(> 
power of Judge, jury and executioner. By ad-
ministrative fiat you sentenced Professor Lettau to 
a five day suspension and then enforced Ih i~ 
illegal suspension by using the law (626.4 Calif. 
Pe nal Code( to give you the power to arrest him if 
he violated his sentence. 

By circumventing traditional institutions such as 
the Academic Senate, you aim to destroy the very 
foundations of freedom and knowledge on which 
academic life presumably rests. 

Therefore, I protest the suspension order 
handed over to Professor Lettau and declare your 
behavior unacceptable. Furthermore, I insist: 

that Professor Lettau be reinstated with full 
restoration of lost pay; 
that a formal apology be made by you to 

Professor Lettau, the students, and faculty of this 
in titution; 

that the Academic Senate formally investigate 
Administrators McElroy, Murphy, and Beckley for 
possible violations of administrative corlE's. 

signed, 

LIVE AND WORK IN ISRAEL 
FOR 1 YEAR OR 7 MONTHS 

KIBB UTZ PROGRAM-AGES 18 to 24 $535 
COLLEGE & PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM 

AGES 20 to 30 $635 

COST: incl udes round trip Iranspo rt ati on 
New York, Israe l, N w York, full board , 
food, trips, minar , hebrew la s s. 

For full details write to: 
SHERUT LA'AM 

590 N_ V rmont Ave. - Room 111 
L.A_ 90004 OR CALL: 666-7672 

[ 

Folger's Follies 1942 
Ed Simons Greg Moser 

Dorms of Refuge? SF Meeting 
cf)ntinued from page' 

" More coffee, George?" asked Marsha 
wifely. 

George folded his morning paper. "No 
thanks, hon. One cup and I'm wired all 
day." George leaned over and kissed 
Marsha on the nose. "Take something 
for that cold, Marsha . You/II infect the 
children. 'Bye." 

Marsha wiped her nose. ' ''Bye/'' she 
said. 

Marsha picked up the dishes and took 
them to the kitchen . She felt herself 
begin to cry, so she stepped outside to 
compose herself . 

Mrs. Olsen, who was in Marsha/s 
flower bed tapping the telephone line, 
went to Marsha to comfort her. 

"Marsha, vot/s wrong?" 
Marsha hobbled to the safety of Mrs. 

Olsen/s Aryan bosom. "oh, Mrs. Olsen! 
George and I are through! He doesn/t 
like my coffee anymore!" Marsha utterly 
bro ke down, losing herself in sobs. 

Mrs. Olsen patted Marsha's head . 
"There, there, Marsha . Let/s go inside." 
So saying, she steered the lame Marsha 
into the house. She put Marsha into a 
chai r at the table. 

" Now, vhere is this coffee?" she asked. 
" By the dishes/" sobbed Marsha. " It 

must be pretty terrible." 
"TuHut/" tutted Mrs. Olsen, and 

poured herself a cup. 
Her fir st mistake was pouring he rself a 

cup of coffee . Her second was dr inking it 
like a Volga boatman . 

// koa l/" said Mrs. 0 ./ and botto med-
up. he turned bl ue, purple, and just 
about eve ry color you ca n imagine -
even a few you can't. Sh e ra n to the 
door, cleared her throa t, and spat. 

he cam e bac k in th e kitc he n 
coughi ng. /l Oh, Marsha, das te rrible 
stuff! " 

"1/11 throw it out ," sni ffe d Marsha. 
"Oh, no. Don't do that. You can use it 

to remove o ld vax from the floor." said 
Mrs. Olse n. 

At that, Marsha broke into fre h sobs. 
"What am I go ing to do ?" she cried. 
"Commit suicide" was Mrs. O lsen 's 

first thought but she d idn' t voice it. 
"Use vat I use/" she said. "Folger's 
coffee. It's mountain grown." 

"Mountai n grown ?" as ked Marsha. 
"You got it , sveetheart." 
/lWha t-what about the rati o ning,/I 

Marsha spoke hesitantly_ /I I mean, can I 
get Folger's at the store? " 

Mrs. Ol sen glanced around he r, 
looking like a hound casting for a sce nt. 
Or a ferret looking for action . (The list 
cou ld go on . For more similes, write to 
"Lis t", Box 45, La Jolla, Calif. 92037. 
Re member - mail moves the country, 
and zip code moves the mail!) Anyway, 
she turned to Marsha, one finger to her 
lips. 

"Qviet! Someone might hear/" she 
vis pered. "It just so happens I haf 40 
pounds of Folger's at home. It/s very hard 
to get, so I'll charge you vat it cost me -
three cents a pound." 

~~~~ 

JAZZ 

. "Three cents a pound! That's terrific," 
burbled Marsha, " 1/11 take a pound." 

Marsha went to the sugar dish (where 
else?) where she hid her change. She 
picked it op and shook it. The dish 
rattled noiselessly, which is to say it 
didn't rattl at all. In fact , it was empty. 

"I'll have to owe it to you /" said 
Marsha. 

"Fine, fine/" said Mrs. Olsen . "Come 
over vhen it's dark " 

With that , Mrs. Ol sen made her exit. 
The telephone was ringing as she 

entered her house, so Mrs. Olsen, an 
obliging sort, answered it. 

"Hello/" she intoned. 
" Helle , Jeannie? // 
" Harold?" 
" Yeah. Just called to see how yo u're 

getting along. So how are you?" 
"Well , you know, OK, I guess," said 

Jeannie, alias Mrs. Olsen. " How 'bou t 
you?" 

" The Je rries orde red me to sa botage a 
power plant in Alban y. So/ he re I am. 
What are you wo rking on ? And what's 
your cover?" 

" M y name is 'Mrs. Olsen/, can you 
believe it ?// 

"Olsen ?" chuckled Harold. 
"Olsen. Swedis h accent, picture of a 

Frost Giant fo r a son ; the who I bit. It 's a 
rea l drag, I'm tell ing you," said JeJ;'lnie. 

" What's the job?" asked Harold. 
" I've gotta knock off the guy next 

door. He/s someo ne important al Dow 
Chemical." 

" How're you goi ng to do it?" 
" Poi on ." jeannie spoke the word 

slowly. Why is he asking me these 
questions, she wond red. he was begin-
ning to get suspicious. " Harold, how did 
you get my number, anyway?" she asked . 

" O h, the FBI has a litt le list of-" 
Jeannie didn't wait for anymore. She 

hung up quickly and WE'nt about the 
house destroying evidence. First, she 
dismantled the short-wave set. Then she 
th rew all papers and microfilm into the 
fireplace. They would be here soon. She 
took the cans of cyanide labeled 'coffee' 
and began flushing them down the toilet 
at a furious pace. She disposed of 39 
ca ns, this way befo re the door rang. 
There was no more time left to flush the 
last an, so she put it In th ki tchen 
ca binet and hoped the feds wouldn't 
check it. 

She ope ned the door. 
" FBI , Miss Walke r. You are under 

arrest on the charge o f att e mpted 
murd er and sabotage." 

Miss jea nn ie Walk er offered no 
resistance and wa s led to the car 
peaceably. 

Meanwhile, Inspector jones barked 
out orders. " Ralph, take the d ining room 
and living room. Jack, you check out the 
bedroom and bathroom. 1/11 take the 
kitchen." 

I nspector Jones inspected the oven, 
the refrigerator, and the washer . 

Continued on page 11 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 
PAYS 

DONORS 
for service 

Ch urc hL. are no longer sanctua ries for those com-
mitting c rimes anymore. Nei ther are campus dorms. At 
both Revelle and Muir Co ll eges, usually tolerant ad-
ministrators are quick to point out that students are not 
immun to busts pe rpetrated by the sheriff's depart-
ment , SDPD, or cam pus police . 

There has exis ted a taci t ag ree ment between ad-
ministrato rs and law e nforc ment that UC D will police 
its own stud nts. However, it is the same type of 
agreement that had exis ted at Cal State Long Beach 
where several weeks ago four students were arrested in 
a dorm by campus police for possession of marijuana . 
At the time, the ca mpus Police Chief jack Brick said, 
"We have no desi re to arrest any students, but In this 
situation there was no alte rnative." 

This particular incident was the result of a direct 
stude nt complai nt to the police, but there are many 
reasons fo r police to come into the dorms. Even if an 
office r is investigating a theft, a complaint of loud noise, 
or a fire alarm, if he sees a crime being committed he 
must act on it, or be subject to prosecution. Campus 
Police have been fully credentialed officers for over a 
yea r now, and have just as much authority as regular 
poli ce. 

Administra tors say that problems usually come from 
new stude nts, excited by the new-found freedoms of 
life on campus, who are lulled into thinking that they 
can commit blatant ly illegal acts with impunity . ThIS 
year, eighty percent of the students ir dorms on both 
Revelle and Muir campuses are frE'shmen . They are also 
more often the victims of theft (discussed in last Friday' ~ 
issue) than thei r better-informed seniors. 

In past years there have been occasions when undPr-
cover police, dressed like students, have come on ram-
pu without the school's knowledge, to stakp out an 
apartment to watch for uspected drug Violations Such 
tcchniques have frightening potential~ According to 
one administrator, if eVidence of a crrmp 1\ founrl 
polin> <lre allowed to search a hundred fpet in CV('II 
direction from the area. While students might cldim 
invasion of privacy, school regulations and thE' terms of 
their leases do permrt it 

Passion of Joan . .. 
conlinued from page 2 

Revell!' pla7J, Inviting theatrical groups lrom other 
universities to perform on campus, starting future 
oceanographers on the right foot b\ condunln~ com-
plete tours through crrpps (,ndudlll~ thpir neat boats /, 
having an open house in thc science butlding~ and 
lE'tting the students and communit\ haloe a chan('c to 
know what is going on behind those clmed doors (oh-
ohl. or just uSing the little intelligence on ha to push 
through an idE'a before it drowns In indeciSion? 

There are more arras that need student dlt('ntion 
lark of suffiCient classes in a major area of studv (is 
there anyone on camrus who is satisfied with the 
political science department?) should be rectified , a~ 
well as knocking out a few classes In other departments 
(Humanities wins first place here). Perhaps Ihe science 
s quence shou ld be altered so that physics studeng do 
not have to wait until 2C for lab and 1A people have the 
option of tackeling science eith r first or second 
quarte r. 

Sure, th is takes money the unive rsi ty doesn't have. 
But what is to stop the students from promotrng 
themse lve in a favorab le light to the tax-paying com-
munity? Get off campus and meet civic leaders who can 
be valuable alli es when its ti me to vote in money for 
schools. This is your edu ca tio n that need improve-
ment, and its not going to get done with the majority of 
students never see in g more of La Jo lla than Mayfair or 
Safeway: See what happens when you leave your room 

,and stale existences fo r 15 minutes and permit your 
minds to wander and discover the endle alternative 
to this (your) life style and society. This isn't a convent 
or a prison . This is a unive rsi ty. Universal. Get it? 

mrtted that he was workIng 
only with flgllr s and didn't 
know If the Riverside 
professors would have 
been in the approprrat dis-
Ciplines 

Orr was questioned con-
cprning his sentiments 
about the Riverside Cam-
pus . "I am not saying I want 
RiverSide to close," 
answered Orr, "but I think 
it would be far cheaper to 
redirect some of the faculty 
to other campuses and 
close the unused buildings 
and halle guards watch 
them." 

Orr was promptly 
besiegf'd by questionS l 
regarding the debt serVice. 
on the unused buildings at 
RiverSide If the building> 
were to be closed . Orr 
replied , "Look, we closed 
three mental hospital that 
wer empty and we're not 
recruiting patients for them 
like Chancellor Hinderaker 
i5 recruitin~ students for 
RivPTslde ," 

"You're not comparrng 
th(' Universit\ of CalifornIa 
to mental hospllaP" 
questloneo a rpporter 

At the close of the 
Thur dav mpeting Prf's/-
dent Hitch was asked in a 
pr('ss conference, "HoVl 
would you explain \'our 
relationship WI h th 
Reag.ln A.dmlnistration?" 

"Cal; ... . t" replied he 
Presid!'nt 

Hitch \0\ a' JI\o told 
hi5 response to Orr 
sppl'ch had no changpd 
Orr\ mInd . 

PreSIdent Hltcr 
IcspondC'd, "He hasn't 
rhJngC'rl m\ mInd either " 

heroin 
The iederal ' heroin hot 

line," touted by the VVhlte 
House and the Justice 
Department as an effective 
means of acquiring 1I1for-
mation on drug peddlers, is 
"nothing more than a 
public relations gimmick," 
according to Represen-
tative Lester Wolff of ew 
York . 

Wollf cited a report from 
the General Accounting 
Office which showed that 
in the first four month of 
the "hot line" operation 
the total succe s amounted 
to the seizure of two gram 
of heroin worth about $75/ 
12 pound of gra s, and 
small amounts of ether 
drugs. Only 14 arre t were 
made in that time . based on 
"hot line" Information 

land 

There i mu ch more 10 be revealed in life than can be 
published in "The Passion of joa n" (did you eler think 
that I/d admi t it?). Hopefu lly, thoug h, you will pick up 
some of the stri ngs in th is column and do a little pulling 
on you r own. For my part, perhaps shuffling through 
the snows of New HampshirE' will bring forth new 

Tue. - Fri. pe rspec ti ves and ideas, more ti tilating and IImulatrng Wolff noted that th(' 
9:45-5:30 th an before! If thi is thE' ca e I will be <,ur(' to rpr0rt it four-month-old program 

Sat. 9:30 - 5 :30 all. Be lif've me, you wi ll neler e~cape . has already cost a quarter a 
ClosedSun_&Mon. Mea nwhile, tart thinki ng, start moving, start being. a million dollar , and 

T nor axophonist 
at 

UCSD 

f:u::liJ;:{~23~3~-8~3~2~8~~I=fJJ~~~~~~~a~~~~7~~~::~~~~~9i.sugge~ted that the mone. 
,. ~ would be bettN pent on ~-~.... law enfor('('ment I'ffort~ NtI-..... aw"w~ better aimed at nabbrng 

PACIfIC COAST HWT AT " 0" blg-tim(' muggler< ,lnd 
ENCINITAS -753-3955 v. hole~a I r, 

Nov. 17- 1 9 Fri · SUllo 
lil IT ( 

Shanghai 
V1 a ndarin & hanghai 

ty le 
hinese Re ta uran! '"_ .. _...-......-...-_-

[ Friday olJe mb rr 77th 
[ 8:30 P.M. R eveLl e Ca/r t fria 

Ti k t 

70· 0 0 (( din n er 
menu with stu d E'l1tl.D 

~ 7:00 10 :0: 
:i WHAT S b"p, 

~ TIGfR IJLY? 
~ t ROZAN'S BY THE SEA 

I ~ 
7S¢ U o Stud nt 

in advance 
$1 .00 at th door 
~ G n "raj ~~mi 0' 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKOA Y LUNCHES 

1017 p rosp e ct 
LA lOLL 
454-580 

~ " nody Alh-n hj~ UKt'll d 
rtr~adful Japltn(,St~ C'funt" 

t h fllll"T. ('rd. ,'d tht 

8:30J 

l 
I 

! 
~ 
L 

orFER. 

50¢ 
Dinners 

t. "l I \- III II 

488-1822 
4 43 (,tln U!'.0 
,It th. Innt ot (,I.1"d 
Pa ific _B~ h 

Page 3 Triton Tim Novemb r 17, 1972 

~ 

I 
~ 
\ 

~ 
5 



The opinions e~ressed on these pages are those of the authors whose names 
appear in the byl ines and do not necessar ily reflect the views at the TRITON TIMES 
Anyone desiring to submit malerlal to be published on Ihese pages should send It to 
the EditorlOt Dorector. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blake Hall. UCSO. All contri butions 
MUST include the name and address of the writer, although names Wilt be withheld 
on request. Contrlbuttons should by typed, double· spaced, wtt h 6O·unll margin • • 
and must be received no later than Tuesday for publication on Friday The TAlTON 
TIMES reserves the nght 10 edit materials 10 comply with libel laws and space 
IImitahons Author. 01 matena l sent in anonymously this quarter and not publiShed 
may send us their names and addresses , Wllh a summary of what their lener saId tor 
IdentiUc. tion, to be reconsidered 

Over-R eaction 
To An Innocuous 
Statement 

Editor: 
As regards K.J. Armitage 's letter, I 

th ink I am the woman he spoke with . I 
was there, it sounds like something I 
would say, and I do recall being asked by 
someone if the Marines had arrived . 
Therefore, in responding I shall assume it 
was me. 

K.J., you are confusing an individual 's 
act ion w ith a group's. When you asked 
me if the Marines had arrived, I assumed 
you wanted information as to what was 
go ing on. I merel y w ished to convey tha t 
information to you. Would you have 
been happy if I prefaced my last sta te-
ment to you wi th as you know, "you can 
go in and get recruited if you want"? I 
am not on such a great power trip that I 
go around granting people my personal 
permission . This is just the way I talk. An 
analogous situation wou ld be if I met you 
ou tside a professor's office and you 
asked if he was in. I would have rep lied 
in the same manner. 

Aside from your total overreaction to 
an innocuous statement (which I at-
tribute partially to a rather insecure male 
ego), I resent vour personal characteriza-
tion of me as some omnipotent "she" 
who attempts to impo e her will on 
everyone. I do oppose military recruit-
ment on campus, and I was indeed out 
there picketing, which I f el I have a 
perfect right to do. I thank YOU for your 
offer to join me picketing if the Marine 

(orp~ "come to arre~t or hunt draftee~," 
bur I view their actiom In Vietnam and 
around the world as far more immoral 
and obscene. 

Kathleen Price 

Feedba ck On 
A ntirecruiting 
At UCSD 

Editor: 
K.J . Armitage askf>d, in his letter 

printed in the TT of Nov 14, for "feed-
back" on hiS opinions with regard to 
'vIarlne recruitment on campus and 
treedom of speech. I wasn't involved in 
an~ way with the antlrerrUitment 
df>monstratlon, hut In fact I dPprOVe of it. 
My t(,pling dhoUl thp matter is that 
ireedom of sppPch IS not at all at issue 
here - except thp frppdom of speech of 
the "demonstrator~" Frpedom of spf>ech 
IS d right of individuals, and Marine 
rpUUI!C'rs Me, bv virtue of thC'lr 

positions, not speaking as individuals but 
as functionaries of the state . I feel this is a 
crucial distinction to make. Recruiters 
come onto campus in order to fill 
positions for the state - tnose of Marine 
recruits - not to express views. In con-
trast, campuses are, in a sense, students ' 
" turf" - where can they enjoy freedom 
of express ion if not on campus? 

In the balance of power between state 
and individual, in force , authority, 
prestige, access to communications 
media , and sheer ability to work one's 
will (a nd impose it on others), the state 
has enormous weight , the individual 
virtua lly none. Individuals must ex.ercise 
thei r right to disagree with state policy 
and to protest its implementation, both 
actively and verbally , in order to make 
tha t right more than an abstract idea and 
to prese rve any measure of direct contro l 
over government, agitate for change, 
supply the feedbac k so vital to the 
leaders in a democracy, and ad ve rt ise 
their views to their fe llow ci tizens. 

The "rights" of the state (a peculiar 
idea) do not need protection. Histori ca l-
ly, th e sta te has encroac hed o n or 
abroga ted individua l r ights whenever it 
has been allowed to because o f the 
inaction of individua ls and legis lato rs. 
The state makes and enforces laws at wi ll , 
if not checked by the force of public 
opinion. 

A positive value of a demonstration is 
that it focuses attention on an issue in 
which the state has enormous resource c 
at its disposal for public "information' 
(propaganda), as well as enforcement 
procedures and machinery for the im-
plementation of its policy. 

Antlrecruitment demonstrations do 
not, of course, deprive individuals of 
th('ir "right" (i.e. ability) to join the 
ilrmed forces (this right is not properly 
se('n a~ civil liberty, which is why I put It 
in quotes) - they merely make it in-
convenient for a relatively brief time in a 
specific place. Joining the armed forces is 
alway an available option. 

And let us remember, above all, that 
the policy the government is pursuing, of 
which recruitment of troops is an imple-
mentation, is immoral. It i the moral 
duty of citiz('ns to protest it in every way 
open to them. 

M artha Rosier 

Editor's Comment 
I'm lorry I have to (Joint oul your own 

If>X/II hi'II, hut K.J. Armitage is a woman. 
Mark Siegel 

Editorial Director 

triton times 

Editor-in-Chief (amy Sharick 
City Editor Carrie' Ri ckey 

Man~ging Editor Dayid Bu(hblnder 
Copy I:dilor . (huck Graham 

Bu~i,, ~~ Managt>r . Mlchaf>l Greene 
Edito'ial Director 'vIJrk Sif'W'1 
Arts [d itor .... Tom Llndlwrg 
Sports Editor .. Michael Rath 
Pholllgrapny tdilO. .... . !np F<lstern 
Secn tary . COrinne Cat'"as 
Asso iate City Editors Tommy Caitme(' 

Asst. Business Mgr. 
Asst. Ed itvrial o ir. 
Asst. Sports Editor . .. 

Rick Drom 
Michael Sesma 
Mlchal'l Wyer 
Cathy Morns 

. Mark Liska 

New~ Department 
Hanndh Cohpn 
loni Garwood 
Larrv Of'( kpi 
Lisa H!'lkof( 
Greg Illch 
Kathy KllJlPk 
C.thy.'vImri' 
e,H'g M"'('r 
lody <;.tV,'~" 
Copy RNde" 
K.,. .. , Clirk 
Dr'bb\ \!Ionl~omprv 
Artil" 
e orl,) \.1. CdC d~ 
Sports Department 
Cheryl Fillol! 
'''hn I (' I "Vll'r 
Dav£' Phtllipl 
Pdt Stary 
Mark YounK 
Photographers 
Daryl AmliN 

II'V!' Harpl'r 
lohn Maxw('11 
Art s Department 
Glpn Genll(' 
Charles Hyde 
GrE'K L('on.1rd 
Charle, Unkeless 
Brandon Wand!.'r 
Production 
lim ( hari('y 
I tnd.l Ci.1rk 
Ch.lrill' Hl'imler 
Ctndy M,1ypr 
\!I.( hac I p\mJ 
rhosr TT q.lff«'r\ 
who t"njoy \I"ytng 
up and working all 
nlghl 
Business Depdrtment 
Cheryl Elliott 
Kathy Hopkln~ 

ancy Mancino 

Th •. TRITON rtMI \ is offkiaUy rpeoRniz .. d .1 • stud" nt n" wl p. p'" b y th .. Com-
mun" .lrnnl BU'drd o' th,' Uni.e«ity of California, an Dil'go, Building 250, Matthew, 
Cdmpm, L. ,oll., (.Iif",m. nO)7. PuhliCd tion i. twicl' wel"kly on fUI",ddY' and friddy~. 
orr,«,\ dO(' tmdt .. d In room t 17, Blak" HaU, on th,' R,· . .. U.· ampul. For .d ... rlising 
phon,. 4;)·8722, fir 4>1-lOOO, X 1017; for I"ditorial or n .. wI phonl" X tOt~ . 

Page 4 Triton Times November 17, 1972 

Editorial Director Comments 
On Humanities 

Mark W. Siegel 
Over the past several issues the identity. 

TRITON TIMES has been publishing a Beyond the confusion of this disputed 
series of letters on the Humanities se- letter, there is something more impor-
quence at Revelle College. These letters tant that should be considered. 
have varied in their support of or disap- It appears that the question is no 
pointment with various aspects of the longer how to improve the Humanities 
sequence. sequence, but who can slander whom in 

last Tuesday we published a letter in the most stylistic fashion . I hope that 
which a student attacked some of the readers and potential contributors can 
participants in the sequence . Included in put themselves above such behavior and 
this was an attack on Valerie Peacock, a consider the difficulties of trying to im-
former Humanities TA, stating that the prove the Humanities sequence. The 
author had sat in on one of Valerie's most important thing is to provide input 
sections this quarter. She cri ticized her to the department. Some letters have 
teaching style, and for grading on gram- tried to do so, citing general areas wliere 
mar only. improvements cou ld be made. 

In checking with Ms. Peacock I have Apology 
learned that she has not taught in the I hope this positive criticism will con-
Humanities sequence for two years. tinue. And I hope it will do so without 
Other members of the Humanities slandering individuals . I offer my 
department have told me that Ms . apology to Ms. Peacock for allowing 
Peacock grades hardly on grammar such a potentially damaging letter to be 
alone. In fact, her comments on papers published . In the future such slanderous 
deal almost entirely with style and con- material will be checked out thoroughly 
tent, as she encourages students to before it is considered for publication. 
develop writing techniques. I can per- The Humanities sequence at Revelle is 
sonally attest to that, having had Ms. a vital part of undergraduate education 
Peacock as a TA three years ago. there. If students, TA's and professors 

The author had someone else in mind continue to provide constructiv e 
when she levied her attack on the criticism, the-sequence will continue to 
Humanities TA . It was a case of mistaken Improve. 

FEMME eMMEIIFeeeeSEMMMeeM' •• ". , 
Help c r eate a forum for Tuesday for publication on friday . 

dialogu e. All members of th e Please do not exceed 1000 words. 
University community are invited Aside from space considerations, 
to express thei r views in the opi- columns will be chosen on th e 
nion section o f the TR ITON TIMES. basis of th eir interest, importance, 
All contributions MUST include or entertainment value. Mail to : 
the names and address of th e TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall , 
writer, althou gh names will be UCSD, La Jolla, 92037, or submit in 
withheld on request. COLUMNS person at the offi ce, NW corner 
should be typed, do uble-s pa ced , Blake Hall. 
and must be received no later than 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • » • • • • • • • • • • • 

'THAT LlnEIt TOU SlNT OVEItSEAS CAME lACK MARKED " NOT AT THtS ADDIES5-
ItETUItN TO UNDlR"t 
'I~----------
I USE ... 
I Your academic and staff' 
I employees Credit Union 
I 
I 
I 
I 
L 
I 
I 
I 

Want to 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs ... 
we'll help you pay not 
over pay With the best 
financing and terms 
available. 

[]]~[§ 
C R. E Ql1 .ut'JION 
, ,~~"J. ,rm'" ~~~ 1C ,~!fr. 

IUn iversity & State Employees 
I Credit Union 
I 5555 Mildred St. 297· 1838 

L~:::?~~~~~~4:'_ 
ACADE1V.I'Y 1----..... 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 tOOO 

Clarifications Demanded 
To: The Communications Board of 

the University of California, 
San Diego, 

We are an independent group of 
Jewish students. We are acting on 
our own initiatives as individuals, 
and not as members of any 
organiza tion . We are motivated by 
a sense of frustration . We have 
read a series of articles on the 
Middle East in the NORTH STAR 
and the TRITON TIMES that de-
mand a response of us; yet we find 
these articles to be expressed in 
such a way that makes a direct 
response impossible, if rationality 

i~ to govern that response. 
We seek discussion ; but we see k 

a discuss ion that will be open and 
honorable. We believe that certain 
edito rial policies of the TRITON 
TIMES and, more particularly, of 
the NORTH STAR, are not open 
and are not honorable. 

We o ffer the following examples 
of wha t we consider to be un -
Jccl'ptab le journalistic pract ices: 
1 The NORTH STAR, Volu me 3, 

Numbers 5-9 does not list an 
editoria l staff . 

2. The art ic l , " Israe l- Bir th of 
jewist Imperia lism," ORTH 
STA R, Vol. 3, o. 5, p. 10, is not 
credited to m e au thor at the 
time of publication. 

J. Photographs in th(' fo llowing 
i.,sul's arl' not cr('dited: 

NORTH STAR, Vol , 3, No. S, p. 
10 

NORTH TAR, Vol. 3, No.6, p. 

TRITON TIMES, Vol. 17, No. 
12, p. 1. 

ORTH STAR, Vol. 3, 0.7, P. 
8 

NORTH TAR, Vol. 3, 0. 8, p. 

ORTH STAR, Vol. 3, o. 9, 
pp 7,8. 

-----

4. In rpfC're nce to th e art icle, 
" I srae l is U rg ed to Oppose 
Zionist Terrori sm," NORTH 
STAR, Vol. 3, No. 9, p. 6: 
a. Th e editors of NORTH STAR 

in no way indicate that, in 
their reprodu ction of an arti -
c le from THE C RI STIAN 
SCIENCE MONITOR , they 
h ave . remov e d tw o 
paragraph s of the original tex-
t. The omiss ion com es before 
the line, "Many elements of 
the Israeli military ... " 

b. Even though the art icle has 
the definite appearan e of 
enlire ly being credited to 
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONI-
TOR, M arch 2, 1971, the last 
three parag raphs o f the art i-
cle do not apper in th is issue, 
and th~re is absolutely no 
typographi cal diffe rentiation 
between these parag raphs 
and the rest of Ihe text, nor 
are these three paragraphs 
credited to any other source. 

We be lieve in freedom of the 
press. Although we generally sup-
port Israel, we believe that there is 
both a need and a right for anti-
Israel positions to be discus~ed . 
The Jewish community itself is in 
disagreement over Israel's policies. 
However, such discussions, in 
order to exist and to be answE'red 
on a rational lev£'l , must be-
goY('rn('d by rules of honorable 
and responsible journalism. We ask 
for th establishment of jour-
nalistic ~tandards for campus 
publications supporled by ,tudent 
fund . We make the following 
recommendations as propos('d 
requirements for all such 
publication: 

1 The-entire editorial staff of any 
~tudenl-fllnded publication mu~t 
identify ilself in I'ach issue. 

TI. THI~ 
2. Any art icle not writt('n by a 

regu lar member of th edi toria l 
staff mu st be credi ted by name. 
An y arti c le n o t wr itt en by a 
member o f th e University com-
munity must be identified by both 
a name and an institutional or 
occupational affilia tio n. 

3. Photos and ca rtoons must be 
redited. 

4. Quotatio ns must be clea rl y 
d i fferentiated from origina l su p-
po rting texts. 

It is contrary to the spiri t of free 
inqu iry, for which the University 
should be the staunches t of par-
ti sa ns, for student funds to su pport 
any newspaper th at is secret ive and 
d e l ibe rate l y m is leadi ng with 
respect to its sources of in forma-
tio n and means of production. 
Publications that are fi nancially 
su pported by the students, should 
b answerable to students. 
ldenka Froner (Bio., Revelle frosh) 
Lewi Kanengiser (Bio., Muir frosh) 

Ingrid Kohn (Muir junior) 
Michael Landberg (Bio/ Lit., Muir 
jun.) 

Joanne Lavin (Eeon., Muir soph ) 
Miryam Liberman (Bio. Muir soph ) 
Daniellubzens (Graduate Physics) 

Mitchell Schneider (Lit., Rev. sen) 

Our Glorious 
"Right" 

Editor: 
Th('re seem., to he a lot of con-

fu.,ed bullshit going down about 
our glorious "right of free sp ech." 
Just what is meant by thiS smug 
littll' phrase, anyway? Do s it in-
clude the right of storm troop('rs to 
parade In our front yard, recruit on 
our campus? If ~o, then show m(' 
the lr recruiter, hecau~e I think I 
may want to join. 

I~I'IT"I~ 
D o we grant this awe-inspiring With at lea,t 100 'law e'nfort'"empnt 

gift of "freedom of spee h" to thf> officers' approa hlng thp im-
Vi tnamese? Can they y II mediate ar('a, the' ~J~t majority of 
anything they like while we drop 'smart' dissenters ran from the.'law 
our own form of free speech on enforcement OfficPrS' (Wh~7 What 
their heads from 6-52'sl crime had they c(lmmltled? Well , 

"Cerlain ly," answers the Navy suffice to say I didn 't run ; I wasn't 
recrui ter, "anything they like," for 'smart' enough to run) . 
he knows very well what "freedom Three shE'riffs grabbed a 'st ray' 
of speech" is all about ... as does dissE'ntl'r. A fourth sh('rtff started 
the Universi ty. striking the dissenter (while the 

D r. Lettau is being suspended for other three sheriffs were holding 
having tapped someone on the him - I always wondered whv the 
head with a piece of paper, Copley Press didn't print that PiC-
someone who just happens to be ture). OUT or OWHERE, comes 
looking for accomplices to ex- this five foot flv guy With a crutch. 
pedite the calculated extermina- All of a sudden th sheriffs eased 
tion of a non-white race. Dr. Lettau up At the time I WdS surprISed that 
should know bett r, it is said, than thr('e sheriffs didn 't grab him, and 
to humiliate one of our nation's a fourth sheriff start striking him 
finest ... "specialists." Alas thp situation I'ased The five 

Doug Sollosy foot five guy was the mayor of the 
grad student city that the ' law enforcement of-

Literature ficers' were operating in r 

Del Mar, 7972 
Editor: 
01'1 Mar, 1972 

I was very saddel,ed to Se'(, lh(' 
NORTH STAR'S story that Tom 
Pearso n 'reSigned' as Mayor of Del 
Mar. Although It is difficult 10 
ascertain what happened at th(' lasl 
Council meeting (as the 'ORTH 
ST AR IS more biased toward, the 
Right th.ln Ihe COPLEY PR ESS IS 
towards the Left), all local citll£'m 
are bound to los(', to 105£' .m 
hon st leader. 

Tom Pl'arson was a courageous 
mayor. He stood for what he 
thoughl was correct. He was not an 
ideological extremist; Mayor P('ar-
son stood for what he 
bpi i£'ved ... so lid principle~. 

La t spring there' was a 'bea('h 
party' in Del Mar that the local 
sheriffs et al attendpd in riot gear. 

What did Mayor Pearson have to 
gain for standing on hiS principles? 
A job promotion at Gulf Oil? A 
firmer friendship with the wealthy 
scions? '\0. He r('cE'l\.ed condem -
nation from th(' Right and th(' Lpft 

It looks as if Tom Pearson IS 
.,tdndlng on hiS princlpl('s again . It 
looks as if ALL th(' 10(dl peopl(' are 
about to 105P a prim ipll'd political 
Il'ad('r (a Vl'rv, \ er) rare p('rson). 
it', too bMi that the' 0('1 .'\r1ar 
CI i7e'nrl dOe'sn't have' th(' guts to 
stand behind a prlnClpll'd Ipadf'( 

St£'ven Griffin 

amI's 149B ( onlinuf'd 

MECHA Communique Calculating Between The Lines - SDG&E 

Thu .. It will cost sorietv 
('tth('r $50B,000 p r vear to 
('ontrol ,,"ox through 
SDG&E or Sl 620,000 to $2,-
010,000 ppr \ (,dr to (lean It 
up attN It l('aI.P' the ~mok(' 
\tack'.'vIam i1,~umptiom 
and ,impltfiratlom I'>ere 
made for the,e calcula iom 
and the' j('conomlcl La\\ 01 
Dllninl,hing Returm \0\ as Ig-
norpd , but th(' pOint i~ Ih.lt 
e\l'r\thtn~ "lin thp ('~( ('P-
tion 01 on(' fhllllbl'f (.1'111' 
.. tr.llght rom <'DG&L III tnt' 
\\oJ\' hm\ d.d \OU mar!" 
your ,tr.l\\ \ot£' bdllr)t 

Querido Hermano 0 Her-
mana: 

·\t MECHA's weekly 
mreling, Wednesday, ov. 
18, the' following resolution 
wa, passed. 

Be it reso lved, in line 
With the Chicano Position 
o n Third College 
(p ublished in t he 
TRITO TIMES), because 
of last year's insult to th e 
integrity of Third Co ll ege 
Chicanos and c am -
puswide Chicanos, that 
MECHA call upo n all 
UCSD C h ica n os t o 
boyco!! the p ropOSt:d 
Third College Council by 
the provos t of t h at 
college. Ch icanos sha ll 
abstain fro m pa rt icipating 
In tokrn governmenta l 
bodies in Third College 
until our grievances are 
redressed. . 
We of the MECHA Com-

munications Committee, 
fo llOWing cios('ly wishes of 

the memb rship , hl'rl'by 
petition that you abastatn 
from participating in any 
token governmental bodies 
suggested by Ihe provost 
We also ask for coopf>ration 
in making this IIlformation 
known to your carnales and 
arnalas. 
In this time- of crisis, 

Chicanos need, more than 
ever, to unite . It is only 
through unity that we shall 
be able to overcome the 
injustices propagated by a 
system which denies our 
elf-delerm Ina I ion . 

For those of you in-
terestl'd in the causes 
which have led u'> 10 pass 
t he above re olutlon, 
please attend MECHA ' 
weekly mee tings and we 
will be happy 10 ,urply you 
with the information . 
Con 1' 1 Cora zo n en la 
M ano, 
MECHA 
COMMUNICATIONS 
COMMITTEE 

SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 
AND MONDAYAT 8:30 ONLY. .. 

RECENT WINNERS FROM 
WEST COAST FILM FESTIVALS! 

Tho~1' of you who are so Th(' AMES class on air 
fOrlundte as to have the pollution (AMES 149B) 
privikg(' of paying your attempted, as a homework 
own utilitie's bill probably as\lgnml'nt, to amwer the 
received a copy of Lite que'>t ion pose-d by t hI' 
Lin es, a nl'wsletter newslettN. 
publIShed by SDG&E, with In sppnding thl' $7 
your bill last month. The million (mt effernye'? To 
subject of the newsletter answer thiS qUe'stion we 
was a di.,russion of the con- mu st know the social 
trol of OXld('s of nitrog('n damage' cost per pound of 
( OX), ,ppcifl allv thp re- NOX (i e. how much it is 
quirement imposed by the costing society to have 
San Diego Air Pollution 'OX in our air). The magic 
Control District that SDG&E numbl'r i~ 14.7 c('nts per 
spend $7 million in an effort pound of OX (derived by 
to cut down on OX Dr. Schneider is a papl'r to 
emissions. The basic tone of be published oon). 
the article is one which ('xt WI' must amortize 
qllestion~" ... wh('ther th(' Ihe $7 mdlion. Recalling 
public will be receiving ad- (painfullv for some) a for-
ditional mC'aningful mula from a ha~ic 
benefits by the end of next economlc~ course' 
year" (when the' nC'w , P V Ol (l-(l+i)'*-n 
stricter standards go into whNe IS the' life of the 
effect) . (lite Lines, Vol. 7, equipment (a _limed 30 
No. 11. ov. 72). A straw y('ars) dl1d i the- intNest rate 
votl' ballot was tnduded at (assu med 6° .md V the 
'he ,"" Wi I,,· !1 
BRUCE. 
LAIN8 

million) and P the vearlv 
pdym('nt,. For thf)w who 
don't haw API 10 unriN 
lour belt •• mC'am "to th(' 
power' (tVP(,\HltN, being 
such limited cr('Jtures) Th(' 
numbN I\P get i, S508.000 
Thus DG&E (u ltlmMe'11 
vou ,l~ a ('on~um('r of 
po\o\('r) would be spending 
$508,000 per year 

PaWN plJnt~ r)f('~entl\ 
produce 19'. (26 million 
pounds annually) of the 
NO\( In an Diego and a 
qu!:'r, to DG& E rev('.II('d 
that thl'1 r~p('ct th(' $~ 
million to par(' that figur(' 
down by 8 to 10~) (11-137 
million pound, annuJll, l. 

0\0\ \\1' mNI'I, c.llculat£' 
ho\\ murh II "liould ('ost 
,ociet, if tho,e 11-13 
million pound, of ,,"0\ 
W('fC' not controllpd 

11 • 14~ - $1 .f;2 mdlion 
and 

13 .i \ • 147 
111 i II 1()I1 

$2 01 

~ •• 4 \1 --.. I 
(~[) ]"( )I 

Student of AMES 1498 

Ripoff 
Edilor: 

Your artit'"l(' on he.\ to 
pre~ent th('tt on Fridd\' 1.1" 
did me liltl(' good .1, m\ 
wallrt 1\ i1~ rlppl'd off on 
Thur~dill from n1\ 
LOCKfD "locker In h 
glm Rf\\ A.RE-LC D-
I"u('d lo(!.., <lr(' worthlr" 
.1' ,om('olle' ('it her h.l' J 
maqpr !..PI <II .1C('('" to l(ltH 
combin.lI l or1 In tlw (.Igl~. 

I () thl' flpp<'f )t", drop 
thp \\,1 1I(>t Ir1 .1111 matl!>,)\ 
.1nd It 1,\111 gl' h.Hk 10 m( 

Tht' RipPl'{' 

.J 1I ~1 rc/ 
(t 949) 

P.tui .\Iuni Ikl l!' J).t\I~ 

-111m 
Del rk \ . i( Ion 

( 1939) 
-nCkETS .J50.$4~ $ 550 _ . 

TlC1<:£T5 AVAILABLE AI: ALL M£TRO ;'CkcET A ENCIES 
HIGHLAND!:. M N 'S sroR~ AND CIVIC "fl.< an:.R. ..:.:. 

Bet I (' I ).11 I~ 11 ttlllphlc\ B()~.1I't 
B OX OFl'"ICIO: AND GOL.~N Ht'lLL BOX OFFICE ~, 

FO R IN FO CdLL 236 '65"10 --_ ACADElWY jill UNIVI R311VAvt )~U hllil 
EN. ~<)VIJC.~ 80 488-3353 

Page 5 Triton Times November 17, 1972 



Exorcism At Noon 
The contemporary concert for the clarinent to be 

presented by Roberto Laneri has been rescheduled for 
Friday, Nov. 17, at noon in 409 MC 

Laneri will perform his own work, " Exorcism No. 1," 
an ensemble p iece for voice, viola, trombone, per-
cussion and the clarinet , as the prima ry soloist. " A Per-
cussionist Gone Mad" provides a turbulent conclusion 
to its performan e. 

. Also on the program are Joel Chadabe's "Street 
Scene," William O . Smith 's "Variants," and Jo Kondo's 
"Summer Days." The pieces are for solo cla rinet and 
tape. 

Born in Italy, l aneri studied cla rinet an d composi-
tion with William O. Smith at the Conservatory of 
Rome. He received his B.A . and M.A. in music from 

ew York tate University at Buffalo and i presen tly 
working on his Ph .D. at UCSD. 

He is an active performer of contemporary music and 
has been a~sociated with the Center of the Crl"ative and 
Performrng Arts as both clarinetist and composer. inn: 
1970 he ha~ been a member of the SEM Ens mble 
founded b~ Peter Kotik which ha~ tou red Europ and 
the United _ tates. He has personallv founded expell-
mental jazz groups for radio and television in Italy. 

He has composed a number of v-orks which have 
been performed on thl" East Coast and in Europe, in-

I elud rng the score of " Black Ivory," a ballet for masked 
~pectat0rs and dancers commissioned by the Company 
of Man . The ballet was first performed to celebrate the 
tenth anniversary of the Albright Art Gallerv rn Buffalo. 

Boughs of Rock 
The Hollies will appear in casual concert at the Com-

mUnity Concourse Golden Hall on Sunday, Nov. 19. AI-
s~ appearing will be Joy Of Cooking and Danny 
O'Keefe. Show time is 7 p.m . 

The Hollies have been around since 1962 and have 
gone through more changes than most groups. The 
early Hollies were best know n for thei r perfect ha r-
mony, lent by Graham Nash, who Il"h the group in 1968. 
He and Allan Cla rke began The Hollies in elementary 
school , but just before an American tour, Nash left the 
group to join some famous friends in the U.S. 

The current Hollies consist of Allan Clalke (vocals, 
guita r and harmonica), Terry Sylvester (vocals, rhythm 
gui tar), Tony Hicks (lead guitar, bass, vocals, banjo), 
Bobbv Elliot (drums), and Michael Rickfors (piano, gui-
tar and harmonica) . 

Danm O'I\<'f'fe, a new face TO <;an Diego, IS a nativr 
of Spokanr, Wa~hington. His f'ady mf'morirs of mu~ic 
w('rp thr countrv song,> hr hf',Hd from nplghhllr~. for 
the f1dSI ~1"\f'fJI H'iH~ G'K!'f'fp h,l" h(,pn writing, qudy-
tnt; and pl~"rnl( ru rdl blup and tr.,!JolOn, I halldCj, v.hich 
Me his pa ~Inn H,s laTI' t alhlJl 1 1\ (ntl Il'd "O'KC'f'fe" 
ar(j hI' (urrf'nt I"t slngl£> I "Good Tlml' ChMli~ GOT 
'h£> H \I"s " 

Film Features 
Tonight is the night for suspense, as the fi lm board 

presents part one of their Alfred Hitchcock festival, 
featuring "Stage Fright" with Marlene Dietrich and " I 
Confess" with Montgomery Cliff and Karl Malden. To-
morrow night will be "Strangers On A Train" with Far-
ley Granger and "The Wrong Man" with Henry Fonda 
and Vera Miles. Shows for both nights will be at 7 :30 
and 10 in USB 2722. 

On Monday night will be "Mother Joan of the 
Angels," also at 7:30 in USB 2722. 

Jazz Tonight 
The Revelle cafeteria will resound tonight with the 

brilliance of modern jazz by Harold Land and his 
quintet. Featured will be works from his latest album, 

"D~maisi." Tickets for students are 75 cents in advance 
and $1 at the door, General admission is $2, The show 
will begin at 8:30, 

. 

. ~'" -:..: \ 
J '. \" 

<'~Jjj 
\ .. 3.\ 

.', .. ,.,,~ .. , ,<,;~,.:,~~'" 

Jazz Dance 
The Ph YS IC,ll Education Department Will be sponsor-

ing two sessiom in jazz dance which wi ll be taught by 
prof('s510nal dancer Judi Missett, Both sessions will be 
held today in the gym from 2-4 and 7-9 p,m , There w i ll 
be a (harge of 50 cents per session wi th 10, Bring tennis 
shoes and attire comfortable enough to rT'ove around in 
((00'5 and tights), Tickets will be so ld at the door, Fo r 
it .. ormation call Ren at extension 2282, 

/ 
L1 

Herbert Brun, distinguished composer and spoke! 
man for the computer and the arts, will present 
Beauty of Irrelevant Music," a linguistic composition b 
Kenneth Gaburo, and his own "Mutatis Mutandis," 
composition for interpreters using ink graphhics draw 

North I 

x 

a plo tter under control of a computer pro-
by the composer. The concert will feature 

Gaburo and Fellows of the Project for Music Ex -
and will begin tonight, Nov. 17, at B:30 in 408 

A concert of North Indian classical music featu Ali Akbar Khan . Zakir teaches at Ali Akbar's 
Ashish Khan on the sarod and Zakir Hussein on in Sa n Rafael. 
tabla will be presented by the UCSD Music esh Khan is a younger brother of Ashish Kh an, A 
ment and the Campus Programming Board, Sa , he will accompany Ashish and Zak ir on the 
Nov. 18, at 8:30 in 409 Me. st ringed instrument, the tambura, which is 

Tansen, a court musician of Akbar the great, fou as a drone. 
the Gurana, or school, ttadition to which Ashish arod, probably originally from Afghanistan, was 
the direct heir. Ashish's grandfather was the PadllvE'lo~)ed to its present form by Ustad Allauddin Khan, 
mabushan Allauddin Khan, teacher of Ravi "n ;Ink,,"" body is of teak, the belly is covered with skin and 
who is Ashish's uncle, and Ustad Ali Akbar finger board is metal. The sarod has 25 metal strings, 
Ashish 's father. Ashish began his training with of which are played with a plectrum m ade of 
grandfather and has continued with his father ut shell. Four strings carry th e melody, two accen-
unci , te the percussive rhythms and fo ur others are tuned 

the dominant notes of the raga chosen . The re -
Zak ir Husse in, the brilliant young tabla player In!: 15 are sympathet ic str ings, A metal gou rd in-

accompani s Ashish Khan, is the son o f the world th(' resonance. 
nowned Ustad Alia Rakha, who has fo r many years tabla is the most popular two piece drum of 
compan ied Ravi Sha nkar on all his tours, Zakir hal Thp right hand d ru m (tabla) is tuned to the tonic, 
compa nied the top musicians of thi s era, even t nant or sub-dominant. The left-hand drum (banya) 
he is just past 20, He has toured widely in the Un! .1' Ihp bas drum and is ca pable of many tones 
States dnd In Eurore, only last week retll rn lng from Ich rdll be varied by the degree o f pressur from~he 
highly successful tour o f Europe as accompanist of Ihe left palm, 

----- ---

------------- - --Heifetz Symphony I 
Henry Ma zer, associate conductor o f the 

Chicago Symphon y Orchestra, will make his San 
debut ton ight, Nov. 17, condu ting the San Diego Sym-
pho ny Orchestra. ,., . 

The brilliant 22-year-old VIOlin VirtuosO Danl~ 
Heifetz who first performed with the orchestra last 
March: will replace scheduled guest artist lilit 
so she can accept a special engagement to perform 
Amsterdam's Concertgebouw at the request of 
ductor Kiril Kondrashin , 

The change in guest artist will also bri 
change , Henry Mazer will conduct the orcrleslfd 
premier performance of lutoslawski's ",little 
Heifetz, 1969 first prize winner at the Mernweather 
Competition, will play the Beethoven Violin ('n'nrpl~a_ 
in 0 major, last performed here in Jan 
Chri stian Ferras , The closing work will be nll') r - ...... - ---"---------
off's Symphony No, 2 in E minor last performed byrl Travel.eng Flute 
orchestra in April 1967 under conductor Igor Bu ketol 

Sa id NEW YORK TIMES critic Harold Schonbe 'traveling mixed-bag" flute concert entitled 
M azer 's Carnegie Hall performance, "It's su .1 ~~" by UCSD music major Terry heridan will be-
so gift d a onductor i so little known ,to the p , .l\ 1 30 p,m, aturday, Nov, 18, 
large But - that 's how w e do things In Amenca, l h; <oncert , which will f('a ture classica l and fo lk 

On 01/, 18, the world- fam f'd Roya l Ph ilharmonic It I. ja7l, will beg in on th (' third floor pa t io area of 
chestra of Britain w ill perform fO I one ti ml" onl y, m , 1 ( 1 ~lr,l l UnivNsi tv library, move to thr eucalyptus 
ing its an Diego drbu t. Conducted by La wr('nc(' Fa I 10 til!' ~ou th(,Jst of the library, and event ua lly wi ll 
IN, thl' Roya l PhilhMlTlonic is p!'rform ing undf'r >! , dp dt thl" Rl'cit.11 Hall, 469 Matthews Campus, 

~1I"P I «>S of Ihe an Diego Symphony Ofrill'll H"idan \\1 11 perform many of hpr own work~ J~ 
'\5,oci.llio l\, til!' Hindf'mit h "Sona ta for Flutl': h(' ~I\o AIIIJ('rformdnc('~ begll1 at 8 p,m, Jnd tickrts fO I th, l,'r! ,k,> hl'r ulidic'll{ e to participate bv hringing in-

Theater/Tom Lindberg 

Who Poisoned Whom? 
Leaving little room for er-

ror and an expanse of room 
for the imagination, Jean-
Claude Van Itallie's "The 
Serpent" opened last week-
end, marking the begin-
ning of the UCSD Thea-
ter's first subscription sea-
soh and introducing the di -
recting talents of Arthur 
Wagner, the Drama Depart -
ment's new chairman . This 
e.( ten si vely improvi sa-
tional piece first presented 
in Rome in 1968 after a yea r 
of collaborative work by 
the author , actors and 
director of th e Open Thea-
ter is an Alice-in -Wonder-
land fantasia of mankind 's 
humble, laughable begin-
nings in the mire of pre-
history and his immediate 
and unerring move to -
ward s self-destruction 
since. 

" The Serpent " is no t con-
ventional th ea ter, but a 
loosely d e fin ed ev nt, a 
"ceremony," exploring the 
limits of th e stage and (s tep-
ping beyond those restric-
ti ons to p ai nt swirlin g,) 
chaotic, and emotional im-
ages th at co nve ntio nal 
d ia logue must by its nature 
neglect. Th e action is a 
se ri es of apparent ly un-
rela ted scenes thdt bl nd 
into one another with bold, 
disturbing flourishe s to 
affect a commanding, os-
motIC statE'ment of man\ 

condit ion, The p lay opens 
with an engaging proces-
sion wh ich leads directly 
into two sketches o f man's 
brutality, both the accep-
table horror o f surgery and 
the unacceptable bu t just as 
pe rm anen t atr ocity of 
assassi nation. Once the ab-
surdi ty of ma n's predica-
ment is acknowledged the 
play moves back to the 
origi n of this evi l strain with 
the Garden of Eden. Eve is 
sed u ced by the multi -
headed serpent to eat of 
the t ree of hfe, losing the 
Innocence she once lux-
uriated in and suddenl y 
~eei n g t he d lfferrnc£> 
betwe('n hersr lf and th£> 
other animals 111 thp gar -
drn, Oncl' awar£> of h('f 
('xistC'nce, of h£>r In-

Film/Bra ndon Wander 

divlduality and hence her 
isolation, she is forced to 
move fo rward, to explore 
the world and to discover 
t he unsettling truth of 
man's inherent violence. 

" The Serpent" is chal-
lenging drama, proposing 
in its celebration that Man 
nee ds something above 
him to offer relief from the 
coercion that sustains life as 
it slowly grinds against 
Man, and that Man created 
God to provide that order 
Because Man has lost his in-
nocence he must support 
and validate his own ex-
istence, He has not found 
his limits of knowledge or 
power and e\('n the al -
mighty crealor cannot 
sa ti ~f hi~ ('~sentlal ~r('rd, 

What remains is a halsh but 
convincing picture o f man 
carrying on the agp old, 
honored tradition of pro-
creation to the only for -
seeable I mlts where, like 
the lemming , he must 
march gallantly over the 
edge of the world 

Arthur Wagner 's d irec-
tion of the 17 performers IS 
commendable , " The 
Serpent" is essentially an 
improvisational work re-
quiring a delicate, I"xaCling 
manipulation of sound and 
gesture to maintain the in· 
tended fluidit y, Th e 
celebrants chatter inces-
santly on and about the 
stage, mingling unin-
hibited with the specta-
tors , tumbl ing , gyrating, 
and laboring as heavy 
bodies rrylng desperately to 
shed unwanted pounds 
The UCSD Theater's staging 
i s flexible , and neatly 
organized, and the bizarre 
flavor of the presentation 
leaves an effectively bitter 
after-taste, The Drama 
Department has made grpat 
progress in the last two 
years, finally beginning to 
real ize itself as a workable 
forum for stud en t th£>at('f, 
and "Thp S('fppnt" is onl" 
morE' ('ncouragl"ment It 
wtli run for tv.o morf' 

I"venin g~, tonight and 
Saturda\ Curt.Jin timf' i~ 8 
p,m 

Vacation This Year At Philips Academy 
Nostalgia, nostalgia , let 's 

hear It for nostalgia! Rah! 
Zoot suits, wedgies , 
Carmen Miranda, fla t tops, 
moon caps, and the Copa-
cabana , Yea h, yeah, nostal-
gia's fo r me! Can I se ll you a 
scraggy old tree and a pair 
o f dr aft age prepp ies? 
You 'd rather have James 
Dean , How 'bout if I throw 
in a Betty Grable pin -up, 
some big band rhythm , and 
a trip to Coney Island? 
You'll take the pin-up and I 
can keep the preppies, Bu t 
you don't understand : it 's a 
p ackage d ea l, an d " A 
epa rate Peace" i the name 

o f the deal. Now that you 
kn ow, let 's get 011 with the 
spiel. 

Director La rry Pierce 
turns on the powerglidp hy-
dramat ic and shifts into 
low, With lo-mo riJno, a 
gr y lens, and ba ksid(' 
nJlrator, h(' dri\('s us into 
thl' past , ' thl' tr('f', thl' war 
,Ind most of all Flnnr\,." Th ' 

middle-aged trenchcoat I, 
thinking of hiS prep da) s 
The light is stark, hiS eyeo; 
are the camera, and the 
piano plinks. ext, we 're 
high in a tree, seeing a river 
gli mm e r , an d feeling 
mighty and free. It's New 
England, late World War II, 
and a test of cou rage is in 
p r ogress , Fin ney (Jo h n 
Heyl) challenges roomie 
Gene (Parker Stevenson) to 
jump from some sort of elm 
tree into a river , Gene 
jumps. The two are united 
as buddy-buddy school-
mates, At a la ter date they 
do i t again , Except for onl" 
di fference , G('ne land in 
the river and Finney is 
ostrich-implanted on th(' 
shore, Gene pu ~ h ed 
Finney, \\oho know .. wh~? 
The friend ~h ip fall .. dlJ.lfL 
f irst with I in nl'~ \ bro~pn 
I£>g and fin,III , with ,1 linl; 
Mo p, pun( turl,d hl'Mt 

"Yo u M!' thl' l:('nIlJ~ ,1I1d I 
am thp horsp\ ,I'.," F 'UH \ 

tells Gent' Thl' ch a r ac-
terizatlon is Intact " In this 
tl" nage period one likes to 
go to th beach With hi .. 
best pal , which lv-hat you 
are," Flnnev tells Gene. The 
relationship is defined The 
rest of the movie I' de-
voted towards ballooning 

thi ~ nickel-and-dime phi-
losophizing into a meta· 
phorlc biggie. Nobody has 
to worry about pimples, but 
can spend every minute in 
paranoid th inking, How do 
i feel? Time to check 
temperature and pulse. m 
I happy? Doe .. Finney like 
me? Woe is me! I'm gonna 
eat ,ome worm,! 

The ene-Finr('y Im,e 
~tory get' no farther that a 
toU( h to the foreht'.leI .lIlt! .1 
pal to th l' tummy \ nd to 
gf' t thil fM takl'< ,111 \1.11 
'v\h('('1 wrn ,',)\\1'1, ,lIld 
P"'rl ' I{)o~ .. 1'1,,'v.h,'rl' for 
hddh ,,[,pdf'd hip The r 
1,1' d.' t tf,p ,and r Jr-
111\.1, ,\ th 40 Do'tl'r 1.1-

phlcs for mood, hd'> bop 
Thf're 's an irrelp,anr mon-
tage of walrus pl'opl(' 
,tvmied In hot dogs and 
indige,tiorl. I v.;ake up, 

But It 's back to shooting 
for the big line Finne) ~el' 
" Onlv fJt old men under-
stand the joke. the war 's 
a fake," That 's a jab at Vipt-
nam. " Gifted people don't 
have to sweat or strain ," 
That's an upper-cut to the 
bourgeoisie, Ducking back 
into Finney's dead- wan 
dive, Gene sez, " I did It 
cause I felt like that " Like 
" that? " Like \.\>hat? I'm com-
pletelv lost and ,a\ so to the 
young lad~ silting next to 
me In the theillt'r, Tht' n 
Finne\ \\Jlk .. Into Genf'" 
dorm room ,1I1d '('7 , ' Af'IIN 
do thi .. pal, I'm compl,>h'" 
I("t' I jll" '.lId th.l • 'l> 
Ih,II" rh .lt liP', In .. t 111' 
In ~ .. no RI' RCf'd wh. 
T h ught thl< mo\ 1(' V. ,1' '10: 
'" ,1< 1M gOIll' .1' 0'1(' <.!'l (!fI 

'and fu tur£' '>an Dil'go Symph 'my performanl" I 11" t dnd Improvi~lI1g With her. 
~v'lI ldhle ill Civic ThrJt rr Box Office Tickets f Jr ~::::~tJC==)C~==~IJC==)I.c:::=~:K:==)C .. c::::=~IIC==)I.c:::=::xK:=i~1 
k et~ for thp S,II1 Dirgo <;~ rnphony are pricl'd at 6," L D T ' c" ,., 
$4.50 and $3 50 and Me half-pricl' to 5t udents .wei ~ 

Tldet are $) In adhncp .lnd $5 SO the dd" 0 thf' 
show and liP avatldblp IT tlw Hll!hl~l1dpr ,torp" Nlptro 
TlCkf" Agf'n II' ,md Ihf' ( IVI( I h"atN Box Off,r£> (236· 
6510. 

- --

CASTING 
TRYOUTS 

stanbul 
M iddle East Cuisin 

ROydl ph ilhd lmonl dl(' rlrlced at $8, $7, $6, and .'l r; WO U N I YO U REALLY ,'[~~';====,.~ft=_=_=»E'.=="l"l,FE==*"==~*=--====M'= ,.,.~ =="!.""=="'''t==~kF=]'iI 
~-'I---~-.o4llilu·nor; ;.~c.~.rrs(·)ol :.:y.I V~::)o(~·tUh ... I :~:;~I:: ::~:""el RATHE R H AVE A 3 S PEE D? [ ,,, .... ,,~ .. ," 

And After all , your b icycle spends most of it s time o n campus. [ C ,mpv'e' '"'VI'" 

') f ~f" It ,,,..,. 
m"'Hng e e t t~c 

J , ¥weel., r mol"lt 

for Ibsen '~ 

PEER GYNT 
Ene Christmas 

director 

M ondav & Tuesdav 
November 20 ·21 

5 00 700 
U C S D. THEATRE 

'hawarma Cocktai ls 
~Pt( ia I 'J UI k t ~ h BUI d ( k "l'r \ In~ i -V 
and <t Il \ilf/('t ic ~ of middle Eas tern Cui sill(, 
"Firsl Prize Award For Southern Ca lifo rnia " 

')p. '1 Iill to the m('mber~ of the l 'C Commllnlt} 
TWO DINNERS FOR 

THE PRICE OF ONE 
.\11\ ~I()nda \ thlll ' I hllr~dily with thi, ad or \tlld(,llt " 

I,'hr, I II, I II 

,\nel thel(,\ ;tlwilr~ a 2S';, \<Hlnl{\ lor \I\ld.'nl' 
..tnytllTl(,"- I1aJi 

12 'i0 Pro~pt'( t ~t I.a JoII" 4 ~4-2114 
.-

Page 6 Triton Times Novem~er 17, 1972 

Worship Servi ces 
10 A,M . Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

s, to en b Stud nt enter And f o r tou ring around campus you only need 3 Speed s. 
I 'ltotlittC\.ll (,.,ice Interim Pastors Besides, you can pick up a 3 Speed bicycle at UC Cyclery for [ 

Herbert Albr only $55, 
Paul Gabrie If you insist however, we' ll accommodote you w ith a ten speed 

Nels Oas fo r only a little bit more , 
By 

),. Rulied'l" J ay, Fl. 0 
Amity In( t~nl (>ala Pro e\\;na 

Po '-.0 led pi q,,,m fr,., cle<T>e,..t 
\t-11 ~';n to PI <..ipol nrnJY.'! ~I t 
In .. to. n.Jlylls"" ,h \0.]1 In;)_ ,t.,t on 

!» tOf ,e!talion, Ma\ler's I C:I' 

• de ... r.r ~ ,. 

(cone 01, 0-.;(1.., lIe, ost Ipr e 
vn.,J1I (,I'" 'T'",j" '"" ~I""'f!d "'etn,t, 
cc"""rurin] I b 

Either way, we'll take your old bicycle off your hands or i f you' re 
really down and out we'll sell you a used b icycle , 

UC CYClERY 
3288 Governor Dr. 

(In Bradshaw shopping center) 
University City 

Compu te ' Sl!lvicc 
4424 \'./ot"'dnl<Jn A t"f"lue 
Sherman Q'lks 
Co l ;Io,n;o 91403 

I Ie {'ruth .ep'-Ht. 
EMERGfNCY l'llPHOM 

O~T,; INr JT )f~HM, 
1 Ell rHONE OAt A R[ rCRT~, 
CO~T EST I MAil " C'~T 

ONTRACh. 

I '"Er!c-y t',t' "+:Jt s o. ~f'!f 
ac t 'J(]liz()tlon b) prC1mr' dllla 

onoly~i~ al'ld prepara t ion to publlco- 'h 
';00 0' u.e, PROfESSIONAL SERVICES: II 

CONSlILTING, 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~==~"~~~~"~~:='"r~==~".~ 

Telopho"" (2 13) Y81-IS29 
Te letype Telepht nc Numbcf 

98t -1529 

Pag 7 Triton Tim Novemb r 17, 1972 



S,PORTS 

fi. 
, 

. , 

Opening Sprint Falls Short 
The ghost of Tom Crocker rides again ... To those of 

you who are befuddled by that cryptic dig from the past 
a little explanation is in order, to help explain why this 
yea r 's team has been, even at its high moments, a little 
ou t of order. The T.C days were back when holding a 
team scoreless for a quarter was a monumental accom-
plishment, scoring in double figures was unheard of, 
and winning, that is actually subduing an opponent, 
bordered on sacrilege . T.C. was not a coach, but a grad 
student volunteering his time. And the players, WI'll 
they took turns coming to practice, making sure' that 
there were never enuf guys to scrimmage, and just enuf 
to use the half dozen or so illegal balls that had been so 
gen rously donated by the Powers Above. And of 
course, we practiced in class. Only the Torrey Pines Inn 
Pool could accommodate the fate of '68. ostalgia runs 
wild ... 

Well, the espirit de corpse which hung over that team 
made a reappearance this year, and helped to climax 
this bitter disuppointment which was so cleverly dis-
gUised as a season, bv adding just a touch of salt to thp 
wounds inflined by Occldl'ntal Thl' Tritons provpd 
among other thin~s , that a two-quartt'r team cannot 
win a four-quarter gamp Winning isn't everything, In 
fact agaimt OXy it hasn' t b en an~thlng, but thIS fiasco 
did Insplrt' some soul st'arching At Ipast, th rumor has 
it that thp coaches will spend Xma\ vacation looking for 
new souls. 

OCCldenlal's pool is sort of a mock-up Roman bath, 
whlC'h glvcs even th ~trongest of heart a IWlnge of 
claU5lrophobia, engendering both a touch of tension 
clnd malt'volence It's kind of a Bath that inspires wRalh . 
In addition, a brilliant system of air conditioning kpeps 
the box at a comfy 50 degr es, causing an invrrsely high 
degree of disgruntlem nt. Not to be undone, thl? team 
conVinced themselve, that they were up for the gaml' . 
For a moment It was thought that even flabby fla~h 
Gordon had lost hiS head and openpd hiS mouth to l'Ja-
culate a "go." But after he was direct d to the head hiS 

~e rene look returned and it was left to the lip to carry 
the verbal inspiration to its climax. 

Thl' Tritons unfortunately peaked a little early in this 
case, about third quart r 10 be xact. So we'll bighlight 
the first quarter which has bet'n good to the 1's this 
year, likp thp lu ll before th e storm ... 

This gdme's lull v. as led by Pickle who popped for 
two, half a the first quarter tota l for the good guys. At 
tht' end of that first eight minutes, the valiant visi tors 
(t hat's us) had outplayed, outswam, and brilliantly 
out cored the jocks from Ox . 4-3, white over orange. 
But th!' tempo was taking it toll, tongues were begin-
ning to hang, and it certclinly wasn 't from the thirst. 

Be.lUtiful Bog eth, en route 10 a personal st'ason 
record, kept it dose in th!' second stanza along with 
anothl'r Pickle Point and a Pixie " P" on the score 
column. Almosl half of th team's foul came in thi s 
quarter, as poopf'd peopl!' b gan to grab and hold to 
deter the scoring thrust of Oxy's holl' man The midway 
point in this ~'luatl( circus found it a brand new ball 

Continued on page 9 

Team Meetings 
The first track and field 

meeting of the season will 
be held today at 6:30 p.m. 
in the P.E. Classroom. It is 
important that all interested 
men and women attend this 
meeting. If you are in-
tprested but for some 
reason cannot attend the 
meeting, please contact 

Andy Sklt'f in the P.E . 
Departml'nl Offices. 

Jeff Gorr I wish s to an-
nounce that the first official 
practice for th e Varsity 
Volleyball Team will be 
held at 8 a.m. on Saturday, 

ov. 25, two days aft r 
Tha nksgiving. 

r<'-<-- _ _ <_<.-c.-<, 
i Starting November 13, -
i Shop at the i j University Bookstore 

Wrestling Team 
A Little Short, 
But Still Game 
It 's about th at time of year agai n - which see ms as 

good a way as any to start this article. O f course it 's 
al ways that time of year for somebody, but now they're 
crawlin g out of the woodwork - wrestlers, that is, 
crawlin g out of th e woodwork to form their very own 
wrestlin g team here at UCSD. 

About 12 or 13 people have signed on as ex-
woodwork dwellers - enou gh to make a team bUJ no t 
enough to really make a team . In other words, th ey've 
got enough guys to wrestle, but would certainly like to 
have m ore of those jocks who are running around 
co me out (shades of cross country). Coach Pinkerton 
would like to see mo re like 18 peopl e pounding the 
mats and sweating off excess fat in practl e. 

How ever, with what he has, Pat Pinkert on can do a lot 
of dam age. Mr. Pin ke rton is the coach fo r those of you 
who do n 't know -. ta kin g on these d uties for the 
second year in a row. His primary hopes for success lie 
in. retu rn ing vetera ns John Knapp and Jo rge and Javier 
Correa (who happen to be related - brothers in fact). 
His roster is also bolstered by the addit ion of such 
freshmen as Gary McCiahan, John Duberg and Curtis 
Tom. . 

By now, of course, your blood pressure is rising and 
the interest has been stirred . You are probably wanting 
to go out for the sport right now. Do so, and if you don't 
feel that this is your bag, you can always go out and see 
your favorite heroes do their tbing. Their first test is thi s 
Saturday at USIU. However, after that they have their 
first home match of the yea r . Tbis will take place next 
Tuesday at 6 p.m. on the gym floor. Go give a look see. 

Football Players -
Maid , Not Born 

One fan's Opinion 
Anyone reading the cu rrent journalism emanating 

from the intramural office would think that his year i 
no different from those past. ome of th e names hav 
been changed and a few new areas of fun and compe ti -
tion have been spawned , but on thc whole, th e intra-
mural machinery has just been chuggi ng right along. 
On the cont rary, an exci ting new phenom ena ha risen 
in one of the most established intramural sports, coed 
football. 

-Out of a leagul' sprinkled with 200-pound behemoths 
of de truction has r isen a new power. At first glance, 
TOOTS GALORE looks like<l ny other coed team, but on 
closer analysi a significant difference emerges. It ' 
harder to tell the boys from the girls, for this is ont' team 
where clothcs make the man . 

Some may view this dey lopment with amus ment, 
or with the disdain shown by some of tb powers that 
be in the intramura l department. What chance would 
an all woman team have agai nst those containing real 
ml?n? hen with some of the best talent to ever grace 
the gridiron in combi nation with a d egree of 
homogeneity and team pirit unmatched in oed 
hi~tory, can TOOT survive? 

This i not a t am co mpo d of Amazom as 
pvidenced by a comment overheard in the huddlt' il t 
the last game, "were not tough, we're smart!" trike a 
blow for liberty and quality, and come out and give 
TOOTS the kind of upport that Bike and Atlas ca n't 
providt'. 

j until 7:00 p.m. on i ~ondays and Wednesdays. 
INE'W Bookstore Hours Aret 

A NEW DIMENSION 
IN DIVERSION 

I Mon, & 'vV~d" 8·.nn to 7:00 p,m . i I Tue, Thur & FrI, 8:00 to 4 :30 i 
, Clcs d Saturday and Sunday and Hol idays i 
I:, Special hou rs for reg istrat ion weeks 1-
: and vacation periods will be announced 
L-__ ,,_ < ______ O<I_M)<_.cI __ D4 __ .. 
Page 8 Triton Times November 17, 1972 

La Jo ll a 's 0"'11 Privale Discolheque 

DANCING TO QUADROPHONIC SOUND 
TRAVEL PROGRAMS 

PARTIES FASHION SHOWS WEEKLY 
Student & Faculty Memberships - $25 

By Appointment Only. 
General Publtc Membe,shlps - $50 and $ 125 

(]()rRLltftSP SI-III Llicks ••• 
Sesma &. Buchbinder 

We blew it last week gang, as Pittsburgh stole over 
Kansas City. Bu t neverth eless, wit h a record that's 
beginning to look mo re like the Chargers every week, 
here we go again with anoth er miserable 51- II I pick. 

This week's fi asco involves AFC Central Division in 
what wi ll p robabl y be one o f th e crucia l games of the 
NFL this yea r, one o f its more bo r ing. An invigorated 
Pittsburgh Steelers un i t faces a rei ncarnated Cleveland 
Browns unit. While on e may be more fami liar with the 
name Cleveland than the name Pittsburgh, this game 
may prove to b one o f the mos t exciti ng games of the 
entire season, only overshadowed by the big game to 
be he ld Saturday at th e Los Ange les Coliseum (we don't 
need to mentio n the teams) . 

At any rate the Browns and the Stee lers, as far ;,s our 
innocuous computer ca n t ell , are pretty evenly 
matched, both on th e grou nd, th e ai r and on defense. 
The whole game will probably h inge on fumbles and 
interceptions. In add ition, placekicki ng may also be a 
factor. It may even decide th e game. 

Both teams want to wi n this one. A Pittsburgh victory 
would give them a two-game lead in their division, 
while a Cleveland victory would tie them with 
Pittsburgh for first place in the AFC East. 

Still in all the overworked computer has decided that 
this game shou ld be a close one, so close in fact that the 
readout was absolutely even . So, do your homework, 
watch tbis game, eat dinner, then watch "Patton ." 

Water Polo .. 
Contin u ed f rom page 8 

game, 6-6. From there it should have been a new ball 
game, like foot , or hand, or at lea st base, for the Tritons 
('xcp ll at a ga me that is base ... 

By the fourth , that aura of hopeles ness held 
somehow worked its way into the lineup. Though the 
Up copped his final game with a goal, toner went out 
in stylt' , with five personals and a runny nose. Do you 
want the season in a nutshell? Pi xie and Fl ash both 
"P'd" in th e "attempts missed" column in the fourth. 
But no, this yea r they fit right in. Right into the team 
trauma, right into the record books, write in and tell 
them you love them anyway ... 

Final, ultimate: Oxy 13, UCSD 8 it. 
Records: BB with 14, ca tch that, 14!, saves. The jok("s 

en tht'm, they missed more than they scored. UCSD 
extended th eir streak to nine games with a scoreless 
quarter Highlights - well , well catch all this Yf'ar's 
highlights soon, to sort of cap off the sea on, which in 
(else you didn't hea r the bang, just ended. 
~---.-<-(--. 

1 
SAN DIEGUITO I 

CYCLE EMPORIUM I 
1
- - Sales - Accessories 

- Professional Equipment 
- Repairs - Parts I 

_ "THE COMP!. ETE BICYCLE STOR E" 

" 

Only 25% down for Christmas la yaway I 
With your copy of THE TRITON TRIDENT (free at 

Campus Bookslore) up 10 15% savings on purchases. 

I 755-2725 ~~_~~,~~~~<;!a 

Nov. 16, Sal. , 
Nov. 19, Sun ., 
Nov. 20, Mon ., 

Nov. 21, Tues., 
Nov. 22, Wed., 
Nov. 23, Thurs., 
Nov. 24, Fri., 

Sunrise 6:30 Sunse1 4:59 

AM HI PM H I. AM Ht PM HI. 

6:34 6.7 7:38 4.6 12:13 11 1:27 0.6 
7:13 7.3 6:32 4.6 12:50 1.3 2:11 14 
7:52 7.6 9:24 45 1:321.5 3:01 1.8 

Sunrise 6:34 Sunset 4:56 

6:34 7.7 10:16 4.4 2:15 1.7 3.50 1.9 
9:20 7.6 11 :10 4.2 3:02 1.9 4:37 1.8 

10:06 7.2 3: 49 2.2 5:32 1.4 
11 :00 6.6 4:44 2.4 6:28 0.9 

What Muir Does 
With Spare Time 
DO YOU REMEMBER THOSE GREAT MOME T5 IN 

HISTORY DURING THE FIRST ANN UAL CAPTURE-THE-
FLAG CHAMPIONSHIP? News Item from the TRITO 
TIMES last year: " After a hot and heavy two-hour 
pitched battle, a victor finall y emerged in Tuesday's first 
capture-t he-flag championship as the Tioga Thumpers 
triumphed over the Tenaya Teetotal ers. Whi le admit-
ting that it was close, such dazzling running exhibitions 
by the ' Pafutney' and defensive brilliance by the 
'Phoenix Priz' and the 'Pope' finally turned the tide for 
our heroes. Losses were high on both sides due to the 
vicious defensive hows, but when the long awaited 
secret weapon was released, ' R' rul d the day. Belter 
luck next time gangl!" 

WELL, IT I OW THAT NEXT TIME A THE APART-
ME T ADVENGER CHALLE GE BOTH THE TIOGA 
THUMPER AND THE TE AYA TEETOTALER TO A -
OTHER CHAMPIONSHIP EXTTUE DAY ( OV.28) T 
3 P.M. I THE MU IR QUAD, EXT TO THE DOR'vIS. 
Can our heroes do it again or will the combined hordp, 
of tht' towt'rs roll on? Can the Krungies in -15 rail, thp 
latent rowdies on their floor and unite th(' apartment 
blockhouse into tht' type of comm.lndo tcam that 
VIf'ldNI IJst yea r's eighth floor bombe,,?? What s('u('t 
weapons will be revealed now that th(' world has bc('n 
subjt'ct('d to the ravages of ' R'??? 

Will Hou e H lose its reputation as the loudest house 
in Muir that it blasted into last year now that thp 

bomber~ are gone???? Will the Pagan hordcs from the 
north play an important role, what Barbarian ringers 
will our tcal1'1 bring in????? Will the P.E. departm('nt crv 
as thi~ becomes the biggest single coed sports event of 
the quartt'r?????? 

Come and find ou t, come and fight for vour favorites . 
All Pagans and Barbari ans welcome. Waterballoons art' 
not welcomc. 

From the people who brought you the Muir Swingset 
and that crazy formal elevator dinner, 

Oral Cancer 
Treatment 

At UC San Francisco's DIVision of Olell Lllologv In thl' 
School of Dentiwy, Dr. Michael Griffith, lecturer in oral 
biology, says that oral cancer this year will afflict 1,800 to 
2,000 peoplt' in California alone, and that oral cancer 
among women is rapidly on tht' rise 

"There is now only 30 per cen! survival with oral 
cancPr because it isn't beil'1g detected," he says. " Oral 
cancer in its early stages can go on for years without 
causing pain or discomfort to the person, until It IS too 
late. But today," he points out, "the outlook is vas tly 
improving. Dentists are plaYing an incrt'asingly Impor-
tant roll' in helping physicians detect early signs of oral 
canceL" 

At UCSF dental students, hygienists, and practiCing 
dentists are being taught how to recognlle oral cancer. 
Alumni and other dentists in the community are com-
ing to UCSF for new training provided by the School of 
Dentis try post-graduate program to keep abreast of 
new treatments and discoveries. 

Dr. Griffith cites some startling stallstics about oral 
cance r. " O ver 90 per cent of oral cancer patients are 
smoke rs And smokers make up 40 per cent of thiS 
nation's population . And because women are smoking 
more (theorized b cause of the popularization of 
ciga rettes made espeCially for women), we are seeing 
more cancer in women - espeCially cancer of the 
tongue." 

Statistics show that in the early 1960's, the ratio of 
can er in men vs. women was 6 to 1. The ratio narrowed 
yearly to 4 to 1, then 2 to 1, and finally to the current 
ratio of 1.6 to 1 - Indicating the increase of oral cancer 
In women 

If an oral cancer patient stops smoking after haVing 
been treated, the condition IS rever~ible. But cancer 
patients who bave been treated and continue smoking 
will probably get oral cancer again Thp answer for 
people predisposed to cancerous conditions IS to stop 
smoking. 

Dr. Griffith also pointed out the definite dose-effect 
relatiomhip. " Peopl who gt't oral canc('f tend to 
smoke two or more packs a da\ On a graph, it is 
recordpd that ~moking two pack~ a da" IS 10 limes more 
harmful than half a pack ." 

The dentist checks for pa'-cancerous conditions b\ 
watching for small \\,hlte patchl" inside the mouth 
called "I!'ukoplakla," a tobacco-InducNt condition. 
There have also been case' of "white patche," cau'ed 
b, "I-fitting dpnlures or other irritants 

A rytologv ~mecH IS taken and spnt to the laboraton 
for .1 reporl. If indicatpd the denti~t might do a biop~\ 
and then refer h" patient to ,I 'pecial clinic tor oral 
medl(lne ,uch .1' thM .It l CSF. or to a pri\,1Ie ,urgeon. 

Oral C,lncpr rnuq bp trpdtpd b\ p!'oplp e,p rienced 
,inri tr,lIned In thJt cHpa and therptore mo" patl!'nt, 
comp to. or arp refprred to J medl(al rpnter <uch ,1\ 
l C F. OthN m('dleal c('nH'r<, In th!' B,l\ -\rp,1 Include 
Stanford, Uni\ersit> of the PaCltl( DpntJI <;chool and 
'vIt Zion Ho~pital 

Treatm nt inciudt'<; t'"hN rcldidllon thl'r,lp\ or 'ur-
gcn·, or both. At LC F a 'pecial " tumor i>OJrd 'rC\lp", 
c,1('h casc of oral cancer 10 d{'tprllllr1(' thl' he.' t t'(,.lt-
m nt for c.1ch indi\ Iduel!. 

Peoplt' should not bf' rf'luctdnt to (hp(" J w'pidou, 
condition, advise\ Dr Griffith, I)(,(elu,(' cance r " 
curabl(' and treat,lhle In it, ear" 'tagt" 

Tod.lV\ dental <,tudent IS tr.llncd to reco~nlle ,oft 
ti\\lIp problem' Jnd thu, hpcome' cl \Jluahll' helpm.lt€' 
10 til(' phv,l('ian InCC there " no Clirrent pr" ,lie 
prd( tl( l' <'pp(IJlt\ of or.11 medicin\', ,limo t all or,ll 
(,W( pr 11.llIent, mu" comp to a medical (pntN, ,uch a 

L'C~r\ DI\'I\lon of Oral \1edlcln(' . 
'\t l C F, l'xpanded facilities Jr(, h,ld" nf'l'dcd. Onl\ 

h,111 th~ patif'nlS n(,pdlng trPJtm('nt are c1hlp to b(' 'Pl'n. 
Th(' DI"i~ion of Or,ll Medlcinp prf"('ntl" h.1' onl\ three 
rh.IIr'. c111 of which are u\t'd on oth('r d,lI' b\ ,1nothC'r 
dl\i"on of thc chool of D('nli<,trv E'en \\lth on I, thrl' 
(h,m" or,ll m('dlrine ha' onl\ halt-tlmp u'!' ot them i ·WE "DE--UVER+ i ~~~~jJ !~i 
~ 

I The UniCORn CInema f 
.' . i EVENINGS THROUGH TUESDAY ~ 
t ClAIRE'S KNEE _c 
• 71"~ fr Iq. ;, 

P.l".l~P of Proposition 2. tor H("llIh (I('ncc, F.lcolille, 
01 5156 million bond i<;~u(' bpfor(' tht' \otl'r, o~ 
Nm ('mbl'r 7, Will no doubt h('lp th" dtmt 

-\ np \~ ,rhool of denll<;tr\ bllliding \'(lul.! gi\(' oral 
tn!'.!I( ml' \\h,1I It '0 LJr~ent" nl'f'd, - ,1 (on,pr\~tl\e 
" ".{'n Iddlliol1.11 (h,lIr" mor(' I'qlllpnwnt ,md l110rp 
tr,lIfll'd ",lfl 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 
Governor & Genesee 

a • .. 

WHAT THE 
BUTLER SAW 

A wondurf ... Iy rr Irft"hinq t.tICFI 
.n the c nSJf; 11 room"f "" 
"bSMd psych Hr,c clin.c T ra 
f lJ nn ;cs. pel p sh() ..... this s de 
"f d l .. yhcle A 1910 Ob;" 
Av.. Hd w nnflr ..... dh 'load 
rfhHi. n 

By Er, R, em \\''" ' H, a a :1ll11l11l1l1l1l1ll1l1l1l1l11l11tllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllll: 
~ dB",::" qcmand m-'r·1Im OC' : I F RED E RIC KS I 
• They Might Be Giants C § § ~ :'1~Ot;~~ • ~ ~ 5 K I & H IKE = 
: n56LaJOllaBJVd.~9 -U4]: I For All Your Skiing Need :: 

If ~ Get read for your Than "gj\:ing ~ 
~ lnd Chri<,tma<, ttir ~ 
:: Ther now [\('r\\\here § 'l'lletfriICO'~ Cillen13 ~ ~_; ~ Rental and RC'pair 

SATURDAY MIDNIGHT ~ ~ H 0 1I r = 
m NDtlU~~11 CI~( .I I § § 

PYGMAlION § Man-Fri ~Q-~ ~:!t 1f) 5'.30 § 
WIth l f"~ E" Howard d (1 \Nf" d\l' H = - - - -- = 

7456 La JoUa tilvd.459-4341 ~ un day 11 -5 ~ 
§ 7722 Fav LaJ olla 454-i 410 § 

"'Ill l lllllllllll l lllllIIlllllltlll l lll lll ll lll lt lllltllllltlill1I1111111111111 1 111111111 1 11 1tll~ 
Page 9 Triton Ti me No mb r 17, 1972 



First in a series 

Rating Game 
Kathy Kluzek 

You 've be·!n at UCSD for 
almost two >lears now and 
that undeclared major is 
beginning to get you down. 
Unable to get into that 
politi cal science/iour-
nalismlbusiness/ phys. ed. 
major you've been COI1-
templating and anxious for 
a change of scenery, you 
start to think about moving 
on ... 

Transferring to another 
university is a big decis ion 
in you r life, dwarfing by far 
the one th ing that brought 
you here (in which you 
can't even recaill . Deter-
mined not to go into this 
haphazardly, you dutifully 
scan the big green CEEB 
college book , The 
Underground Guide, and a 
map of U.S. skiing areas. 
Further information is gar-
nered from talks with 
friends, profs, your dad's 
boss' lawyer-nephew, and 
possibly an academic 
counselor or two. Thus 
armed you proceed to fill 
out your eight postcards to 
promising out-of-state 
schools, requesting current 
catalogs and applications. 
So far, so good. All of the 
schools you have selected 
offer some type of program 
in your field of interest; are 
located in a part of the 
country you wouldn't mind 
living In ; have an at-
mosphere that seems com-
fortable to you; and are 
financially feasible . You 
wish you could ilfford to fly 
out and look them all over 
yourself, but circums tances 
are against you . 

After reading the eighth 
catalog your mind IS totally 
confused. Was it 
Sweetwater U. that had a 
three yea r math require-
ment or was it St. Ben-
jamin's? Was that three 
years of math or three of 
math and science com-
bined? Which school didn't 
give credit for required 
courses unless taken for a 
letter grade? And which 
school only admitted 
students Fall Quarter? ... 

The third time through 
the catalogs you finally get 
it straightened out. Three of 

the schools you eliminate 
- the one with the three 
year math requirement for 
a PE major, another with a 
10page application and 
mandatory campus housing 
for all women under 21, 
and one with a highly 
specialized department in 
your field that neglects 
your particular calling. That 
leaves you with five univer-
si ties with which you must 
somehow try and deter-
mine priorities. 

There must b e so m e 
book or study, you feel , 
which would help you to 
compare those schools on 
the basis of academic ex-
cellence. After all, opinions 
on the matter are so 
widespread and everyone 
seems to have some notions 
of what the "good" schools 
are. There have got to be 
publications somewhere 
that deal with it on a more 
factual level. Surprisingly 
you find that such studies 
are relatively rare . Most of 
the studies you will come 
across are made on the 
graduate level, which may 
or may not be an accurate 
indication of the un-
dergraduate programs, but 
which may still be of some 
help. 

Valiant efforts at 
evaluating the graduate 
departments of 130 major 
U .. institutions (thos un-
iversities which awarded 
100 or more doctorates in 
two or more disciplines In a 
given 10-yea r spanl w re 
made by memb rs of the 
American Council on 
Education in 1964 and 1969. 
These studies were based 
on the results of extensive 
su rveys of Widely respected 
professors and graduate 
students. The surveys tried 
to measure such things as 
the quality of the faculty, 
the effectiveness of doc-
toral programs, and the 
degree of expected change 
in the position of the 
departments (im-
provement). Because of the 
many difficulties en-
countered in such an un-
dertaking, no plans hav~ 
been made to do another 

uart t~Li 11 e: c (, 
nny 

CCMMUNITY CONCOU~S~ COLDEN HALL 
SAT NOV. 18, 7:30 P.M. 

TICKErS $ 5.00, i.'iO. tOo ~ ~~a:r:k=J~11f'!l 
... AlU-U "Il ~ h4l "n. 1 I'(J\ \}ttlU U l ", ... ,,,,. 1II1-.4t14.., 11I( 

MI NS :-'Iu..:.r:i .. f1I1\1I"" IwtJ:l ~(,"Crl .... '; 

after the 1969 study. 
A little common sense 

leads you to another possi-
ble source of information 
- the educational journals. 
Those are specialized in the 
field of education , you 
think, therefore should be 
able to shed some light on 
the subject of academic ex-
cellence. One relevant arti-
cle oft quoted at UCSD is 
titled " How Colleges are 
Rated ," . and appeared in 
Change magazine in the 

ov.-Dec. 1970 issue. The 
author of the selection, 
Alexander Astin , rates un-
dergraduate institutions on 
two factors - size and 
selectiv ity (which he feels 
the more important of the 
two). These two factors are 
used to tap the quality 
(presumed academic ex-
cellencel and visibility (how 
well known it is to out-
sidersl of a university. Size 
can be easily measu red by 
enrollmen t figures, but 
selectivi ty is more com-
plicated. Using the mean 
SAT sco res of ent e.ring 
freshmen for his index of 
selectivity, he then divides 
the scores into eight levels. 
The first category was made 

up of scores above 1320, 
which included 27 
American institutions or 1.2 
percent of the total. 
(Among those, and the only 
state university on the list, 
was UCSD.) 

Becoming intrigued with 
the measurement efforts 
themselves and forgetting 
for the moment your per-
sonal stake in the matter, 
you continue your 
research . In a receot ad-
dress to the UC Regents, 
UCSD Chancellor W .O. 
McElroy offers a third 
means of measuring 
academic quality . Post -
doctoral education , he 
feels , "is without question 
the critical margin of dis-
tinction between the great 
and the tru Iy great school. 
All other things being equal 
- f ac ult y, student s, 
facilities - it is the intellec-
tual vita lity of its post-
doctoral students which es-
tabl ishes the excellence of 
today's super io r univer-
si ty." 

It begins to seem to you 
that an important thing to 
take into account in se lec-
ting a "good" school is the 
inta ngible attribute of 

prestige. The three sources 
above present s'everal 
different suggestions as to 
what constitutes academic 
excellence; and many more 
theories are constantly 
being advanced . Some fac-
tors which could possibly 
also be connected with 
academic excellence are 
such aspects as the number 
of distinguished alumni, the 
age .of the institution (it 
takes time to become 
"established"), the 
available funds, or the 
amount of academic awards 
received by students. 

But in the wide realm of 
academic excellence you 
soon find that much is just 
left open to individual in-
terpretation - fair game to 
deceptive public relations 
and manipulation of public 
opin ion. Although reputa-
tion seems to have attained 
a rather frightening stature 
in education and most 
educational experts will ad-
mit to having personal 
biases regarding prestige, 
the publications dea ling 
honestly with comparative 
definitions of aca dem ic 
quality are sca nt at best. By 
not publishing such studies, 

conscientious educators are 
trying to avoid absolute 
comparisons between in-
stitutions because of their 
inaccuracy and possible 
damaging effects. However 
through this very lack of 
studies, the public and 
educators alike may be 
even more vulnerable to 
misleading or partial truths 
dealing with academic ex-
cellence. The effoects 
which public opinion 
regarding prestige in 
education has on the otu-
dent, the academic com-
munity, and the public will 
be discussed in more detail 
in a subasquent article. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD.BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS 
DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:45-5:3.0 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

LIBRARY SCHEDULE 
Thr ~ch('dul~ of opl'n tloun for Ihf" L n l\ prsttv llbrilfll'\ 

(or (hr ThdnksKI\-1n1< hollddlS and fmal, v.oeek , .. 
TH"''1k SGIVI'IC ... r-.D fl ... ISSOHD ULE 

No\'('m~f 22 - D~("pmbpr 9 
~DMEDSO 

(f 'IT R"'l ClLSHR I , Cm, CF &. U"IVER ITY 
l "l\fRSITY l "nrRCR ... m .... rr f"CI'IFfRI" C; BIO'vlfD IC"'l 510 HOSPITAl 

lIBR ... RY 116R"RI lIBR"RI Ilbrar) IIbrar., library 

"n' lH\" rl 8:00· (, 00 800·' 100 800·"00 8 00· 600 8 00·"00 800·'000 
"m nT11I1l clo~pd £"10\("0 (Impo rlo\f'd do\pd clu.-.pd 
'0" 2 .. FII 900·500 900· 5 00 600·500 9.00· 5.00 900· 500 9.00· 5;00 
' Q' 25 '.11 '100· 500 900·500 qOO·bOO 9 00 500 900 5'00 900· 5'00 
..... <lV 16 "un 200·'000 '00·11 00 , 00· 6'00 , 00·'0:00 '00· S:OO 1 00· 5:00 
'0'10 27 "1on· 

. lD Thuf'-' 6.00·" 00 800·11 00 800 1100 8 00 · " :00 8.00·1100 800·10 .00 
DC,t.l Frt 600· (, 00 600·10 .00 800· 5'00 6:00·1100 8:00·'1 '00 6:00· 6 ;00 
DN 2 ".:H 900·500 9 00· \:00 9:00· '1 00 900· 500 9.00· 5 00 900· 5 :00 
UP£" i'tun 1 00·"00 1 00·'100 '001100 , 00·'1 00 100·900 100·500 
Do, 4 "'Of!· 

7 Thur~ 800·1100 800·'2'00 8 00 ·1100 800'100 600·"00 6'00·'0 .00 
De< 6 Frl 800· 600 800·'000 800· 5 00 6:00·":00 800· 600 800·600 
{}{>r q \,-" 900·500 900·5 00 900· 600 900· 5 '00 900·500 900·500 

GIFT IDEAS FROM 
The Cheese Shop 

2165 Avenida de la Playa 
La JoHa, Calif. 459-3921 

We hke great pride in our truly fine selection of 
cheeses. All our assortments comprise the same 
fresh, n.tur.1 cheese wh ich you c.n purchl5e in 
our stores at any time. Looking through our cat· 
alogue , you will not find fancy trays, glasses or 
gimmicks. We are not in the novelty business. We 
believe in concentrating .11 our efforts on our one 
product : the finest cheeses from around the 
world . Each of these cheeses has been individu' 
ally selected, handled, and .ged to reach you at 
its flavor peak . 
At the Cheese Shop, you will find e)(perts to 
assist and encourage you In your selections. Feel 
free to come down to the store to sample and to 
choose form our tempting array. Once you have 
reached a decision, you can place your order with 
confidence, because we guarantee that our gift 
cheeses will arrive in perfect condition. Our 
assortments are for those who recognize and 
appreciate the world's finest cheese. 

Beef Sausage Stick 
Ohio HICkory H, r\/elt Brano Beef 
Suasage Stick Is made str ictly f rom 
pur. beef I no pork added. and IS 
smoked slowlY and natural ly t o 
enhance the true o ld -fashioned flll\lo r . 
Although this Beef Sauuge Stick used 
to be .v.lIable on ly It country fairs, 
The Cheese ShOP can now o f f., It In 
two convenient sizes : either 2 lb. or 
4 lb . logs. Excellent for snacking. the 
Beef S.usage StiCk 15 a 9reat compan-
Ion to cheese tor Informal meals . Or -
der several and freeze them . 
Gilt No.5 

2 lb. $4 .9 5 
4 lb. $9 .75 

The Family Box 
This comblnltlOn of Interna-
tional favorites prOvides 
mlny hours 0' eating plea-
sure. The generous Irra~ of 

~.:~~~~~ ~e~p::s~ ~~:::~-"fJ 
one In the f.lmlly, milking 
thll anortment I mOlt 
welcome gift. 
1 7-oz . Cheese Shop Gouda 
1 7 ·oz . Cheese Shop Gouda with 

Caraway 
1 8 ..oz portio n of F rencn Cam· 

embert t ~:g~ : ~:~?~nO~rre~p~~eedcSar 
2 l -oz, wedges o f Sw iss 

Gruvere 
Gilt No . 4 

These are just a few of hundreds 
of gift ideas we have. Please stop 
in and pick up a free catalogue 
and look over our fantastic 
display cheese gifts. 

We will ship any gift for youl 
REMEMBER - Many stores sell cheese but there is only one Cheese Shop . 

Page 10 Triton Times November 17, 1972 

.' 

Folge r's Foll ies. 
Continued from page 3 

Nothing. Then he looked in th cabinet. 
Coffe ! When he finally managed to tpar 
his eyes away from the coffee, Inspector 
Jones pee red about wa rily. The boys 
were nowhere to be s(>e n. Rationi ng wa~ 
pretty hard on a man who likpd his 
coffee ... 

Biting his lower lip, Jones grabbed thp 
can of Folger's and slipped it into hi~ coat 
a~ he spok . 

"Find anything obvious?" hp ~houtecl . 
Ralph and Jack both answered in thp 

negative. 
Thr InspPClor buttoned his pocket 

closed and walked into thr living room. 
"OK, let the lab check i t out. We'll rpport 
in then we'll be fini shed. How 'bout my 
pia e for a cup of coffee afterwa rd~?" 
asked Jones. 

Ralph and Jack looked at ea h othPr. 
"Su re," they said. 

Coffee was hard to get. 

ere's 

Peridontal Disease Cure 
According to Dr. Jo MdK 

Goodson, associate 
profpssor of oral biology, 
mosl tooth los5 in adults is 
due to periodontal or gum 
disease. "Sta li sti s show 
that thrpc' out of every fou r 
Americans havr pPfiodon-
IJI dlseas . 

"The initial problrm in 
pPriodontal disorders is a 
substance called plaqup. It '~ 
a stirky film that roll(>C[s on 
teeth and bl'comes a 
culturp m dium for 
colonie~ of bacteria . 
Unrpmoved plaque evrn-
tuall y forms hard miner,11 
Jccrptions , known as 

calculou~ d posits, that un-
dermine t eth below the 
gum line," Dr. Goodson 
says. 

,utn di ('"sr is v!'ry in-
in thp way it erodes 

tissup. According to 
dentist, at ucsr It was 

ound th.t certain 
hemical s ca llrd 

aglandins are involved 

in orriodont.11 clisPilsP 
They t· 'mmll hormones to 
cplI, and partiCipatp in J 
v a ri c· I V a f p h ys i ( a I 
p roc(' s\('\ 

"Gum~ m"v produrp 
rrO~I"gl 'IIHjln~ ,I~ .In InflJm-
mator\! rr~pon\(' t o 
bactPria '\noth(" pm'lbili. 
ty might tll' Ih,lt attacking 
bactC'ria proc./u( p their own 
prostaglandins . Whalpvpr 
the (".lSI', inflammatory fluid 
Mound t('('1 h is on(' com-
mon ~ymrtom of pl'rioclon 
a I di,easC' ,lnel It i ncrpases 
", the clise.l',C' I)(' (ome~ 
morp pntrenchpd People 
wilh hC'dlthy gum, do not 
have thiS flUid. 

" I hay had vf'ry 
promiSing results wllh onp 
possihle inhibitor of t hI' 
producllon of prostJ,::lan-
dins. II is Vllamln r Wf' 
havp givrn h{,<1v~ dose'S of 
Vitamin E to a lotal of six-
teen pallents who had gum 
discdse The patients 

noffer 
b ffs. 

Bustin'.tor an 0Iy. 

We'lI send you all four 01 Oly's 20 "x26" 
ski posters pictured here (three 
above in lack ana white. one on th e 
left in full color) when you send us 
your check or money order for $2.75 
In other words. you get four great sk i 
posters and we get $2.75. 
Now what could be a betlP.r deal 
than that? 

Enclose check or money order 
made payable to OLYMPIA 
BREWING COMPANY. Cash 
cannot be accerted Return the 
compl t d fOI m and check to 
The Gift Shop. 
OLYMPIA BREWING COMPANY 
P.O. BOX 947 
Olympia. Washington 98507 
PI ase allow 3 4 weeks for 
delivery. 

PLF A~E PHINT PI AINt ~ 

II t N1"" 

r('celvpcl C'lghl hundrpeJ 
milligrams evC'rY day for 
twrnty-onC' days This 
dm.lgr 1\ about thirt y tlmp, 
grra tPr than thC' twpnty-flVP 
to thirty milligrams that til(' 
National RC'sr<lrch (nunc II 
pstimatC's to be man', nor-
mal dailv rpqulrrmr·nt of 
Vitamin E," Dr Goodson 
(>xplaim 

At thp pnd o f the tWf'nt v· 
onC' day, thr amount of 
jn flammatory flUid around 
tJ-,e pillipnt s' tC'rth was 
sig nific an tl y decrea se d 

" Although wr cannot 
definitely say thp dp[ff',lSI' 
in inflammatory fluid was 
dup to prostaglandin in-
hibition, thp findings ilre 
(prlalnly eonsls tenl with 
thl' hvpothp,i,." Aul Dr. 
Good,on ,llso st re.,.,,,,> Ihat 

r('\pr~al in infldmm,lIion 
might nol n('cP,>s,HII, mr',ln 
a r('\I('r'al of gum eli,easp-
'1l tb ough th,. two 
phpflompnd ,ppm 10 (Oln-
(id{'. 

Dr. Goodson pl,III' to 
'onflnu(' h" c I nic,11 SIIHli .. , 
In this suhJ{·, fir S.II' th,lt 
a, ,lgl' 01 Propo,,\lOP 2, 

, h {. I i I' " I t h 5 (" len c e s 
FJcil it il 's Bond Issul' ", til 
I110w (x~I(Jf"llon intn Ih(> 
pOIE'n l l,,1 of morl' povvprful 
proq ,lgl"ndin In h bito r ,> 
Onp ,ur II drug und(·r (on-

,ujror,lIlCHl is d pirin. It in-
hlbl t ~ pro;tagldndln ,>om" 
I'n tlmr'S hpttl'r IhJn 

VitJmln f 

Dr ijpn W Pa"onr, dpan 
of tfH' S{ hool of Dpnll~try 
nolps. "Thro rd~"d~r of 
PrOp o'>ltlon 2 will 
slgnlflrdntly p~Pdnd our 
r~Pd( ltv to pro,idf' dental 
"'rvlcrs and resparch such 
.IS Dr Goorhon's." 

An IntPr('sllnll historical 
Sirip "ght 1\ Ihp fdel thar 

It"min I WJ' flr,t (ft,-
(mPrt'rI ,It Ih .. Bpr~pl(>, 
I ampLJ' trl 1922 by thr Idtc 
Dr. Hr'rlH'rt "1 ~van Dr 
f"lns W,I' Ih(' rh,lilm"n ot 
thp D"pJrlmpnl 0: 
An,Horm of thp ",in FrJIl' 
( is( 0 fl1l'dl{ ~I ,chool from 
1<)15 If) 1934. Th" dppart-
rn .. nt V" rno\prJ If 
llerKf'lpy a'I!'! tfl/' 1<)0 
I' r'hqtldk. ,md rpm,1 rLl'O 
Irer,.. Jr II lq-a 

Peace Marches Set for 
November 18 

Antlh I for. (. r 1~ m .. -
Jor U.'> citi(·~ WI I m"~ p 
thrir pr('s"nre kllOl\ n 011(' 

,H~,1111 on dturd,I" t',o .18 
in ,I sprlP of m,] 
d{,fT10n~lr,lIIon~ Jgaln,l thp 
\'.ar Ifl "OUt'll',ISI -\sla 

In LO Angl'I!'" 
d(·lllomtr.ttor, '" III .1"'1 m-
I>lp Oil holt d,IY .It 10.1 Ifl III 
M ,1 C ,\ r I h u r P ,1 r k, ,I n d 
pro,,'{·d do>\n \\d hlr.-
Bh d to.1 1 Pin' III, .It 
P"r';'''1g qu."P 

riw ,I< lion I' bl'lm.; co-
'pol1\orc·d b~ the ' atlona' 
PpJ("(' \( lion Coalition and 
th" "tudpnt \.I obtlilal on 
Co III m II t p p , 1\ h () S (> 
prpvlou, jOint ('ffom in-
<Iud!' thl' rna'>'" l' April 22, 
19:'2 p(·,Ir .. nl,lfl h ill l.o' 
-\ngple, 

Org,ln llNS for PAC and 
thl' "MC arl' stre"'In~ the' 
Ilppd for Ihp antiwar mo\r-
nwnt to rpmain in thp 
strrrt, ,IS long a, Ll. 
mililan forcp, r('main in 
Indochm,l. Irrpspp(tl\p 01 
the Oll l( omp of thp currrnt 
nt'g<lIIJtion" thn contpnn, 
P,ht hist<H\ h,l'. , hm\n that 

It \ glo rantC'f' o· au <; 
1\I·IW',m.ll", II III 'Ill' lor-
st H" prp If!' e1( r (·d b, 
t"" .. I I)r Il')()\(',npn 01 
tjp ,ldmlnl "II on 

rhu 1 COr<! "1: 'c: 'hp'l 
g«()UP . ''"''' df rr n,i ot "out 
'011 I onp f.,f! I P l"J( (1,11-
" n·ll \ ,lnl d mng .1 pPf!Oci 
I\r, nth,· l ~ gr, pr"l"'l'nt 
ciUIl] t,!)( 1'1'1'0' ,I',ng a 
p( ,c" hUI " I' IMt P 
(,II,lllng Ihe )OIJlhll"'1l '0 In 
,I' ·1 11l(' hlgf 

f If I 11 fl'hHl th£'\ JdrJ 
:J-,I L" 'n ")!.If .I' it hoi' 
I 'fI\., t t fll' In I nnOl hln,! 
- rd, no 'Ight ;0 Ill' im-
po Illg ,II (Onnltlon' 
I\h.lt"o,·\('r on h· In · 
dor hln!',p pl'ople ThC' L.S 
hOllid 'Imph pull 'Jut 
Thl' :-"0\ 18 

d p m (l n ~ t r .J lin n 0; 1\ P r p 
orl~lndl" (JIIl'd a' part of .1 
("II prOl.:rolll, 01 ,mtjl\Jr ac-
til 11\ .lnopt!'d Jt a n,Hlona 
,I nlll\".1 r ("(>nl pnllon, held 
1.1 lull ,11 L Cl\ O\(>r 1" 
000 P('Opll' ,lltl'mh'd thi ' 
g.llhprlng, "I'll 'fHlI"of(,d 
b, "P '\( ,mo 'ht '1(. 

11 lb . wax 

Elf 

\\ t' 11;1\ t' Il\er ifill I )ifl. 1('111 
tllold" III ( illHI"t' troll} 

~and .. e ." upply 

l()<)() ~Iorcna B\d. 
" 

11, \t t,") ,,''''1 tn \l lUt'u.t 1\ \d 
(lI'l'\ III" II" \I 1·1114 

Page 11 Triton Tim November 17, 1972 



announcements ________________ _ 
friday 
~EXICAN-AMERICAN 
Scholarship Fund Com-

Ittee presents BENEFIT 
JANCE on Friday, Nov, 
17, 1972, 9:00-1 :00 at 
<; herat on Inn Hotel 
Ha llroom, Harbor Island, 
featuring "Conchita" Y 
~ us latinos, Ticket : 260-
3231 - 235-6291, Semi-
formal Donat ion $4.00 
(11117) 
The Harold land Quintt!t 
will appear Fri Nov, 17th at 
8 : 30 p .m, in Revelle 
Cafeteria , land is one of 
the most distinguished 
tenor saxo phoni sts 
working toda y. His dis-
tinctly personal style has 
been characterized as ex-
pressing the artistic per-
sonality and creative 
genius of black people in 
America. Tickets are : 75cr 
UCSD students in ad-
vance, $1 .00 at the door 
for UCSD students, and 
$2.00 General Admission. 
(11 / 17) 

RUN FOR FUNDS: Thi~ 
Fri , beginning at 4 p.m. 
there will be a 24 hour re-
lav taking place around 
the II1tramural field b!'-
tween Muir and Revelle. 
The purpose of thiS run is 
to raise money for thiS 
year's track team. Come 
on out, It'll be di(fp,en! 
(11/17) 
Speakers Patricia ( law-
renc!' and Sam Bottone 
will discuss the Implica-
tions of ,hanges in the 
Adminiqrative Manual . 
Section 52, Revelle For -
mal lounge , 3 p.m" 
Frldav, 17 (11 17) 
Friday, Nov. 17 Concert 
for the Clarinpt pre ent-
ed by Roberto laneri Jt 
noon in 409 M 
Kenneth Gaburo " Th!' 
B!'auty of Irrele\ant 
MUSK," (a linguistic com-
position) 
Herbert Brun : " Mutatls 
Mutandis," (compositoon 
for Interpreters) 8:30, 408 
Me. (11 / 17) 

for ale 
For Sale Teac A1200 tape 
deck. $150 Bill Forr('st 
X1868 ddv 459-7724 !'ve 
(11 17) 
1958 Mercedes 220<; 
Clutch broken rest vg, 
sunroof, 'vI.chelim. etc 
call )III, 459-4166 111 / 171 
For all' 355 thr!'1' heJo 
tap!' dE'rk Nl'w h('ads, 

~Int (ond Alan, 453-5473 
(11/17) 
56 CHEVY STEP-VAN good 
tires, reliable, $675 or best 
offer 223-0182 (11117) 
BOSE!! 901 speakers 50 ... 
Off' I With or w.thout 
f'qualizers and Walnut 
cabinet. 565-2781 (11/17) 
FOR SALE' '69 VW 
w/snrf , racing seats, met. 
copper, R&H $1100 or 
offer. 459-8162 (11117) 

1962 VW Van w.th '65 
ebuilt engme. $500 or 
oe~t offer , Call 453-5123 . 
'1 1/ 17) 
69 Toyota Land Cruiser 
Stat.on Wagon $2400 or 
best offer. tel Peter-X2931 
or 459-2208 (eves) (11/17) 

SKI S FOR SALF 2 s!'ts 
woodl'n, (ex(,1'1i for bl'g & 
ddv, beg) 190cm w/bmd-

II1~S, dnd 160cm wlout 
~0-t6071 ("all <;u(' or P.ul 
753-7535 or Iv . mpssag!' at 
EDNA (12/1) 

Dynaco Sterro 70 
ampl.f'l'r Must sell, SGO or 
best offer takes th.s wP!'k 
565-2781 (11/17) 

John Mestepey , area 
recruiter for AETNA LIFE 
AND CASUALTY will be 
on campus Thurs, and Fri., 

ov, 16 and 17 to inter-
view students interested 
in Aetna 's sala ri ed mid-
management develop-
ment prog r am that 
stresses the liaison 
between the marketing 
division and inde-
pendent insurance 
brokers. If interested, ca II 
Career-Educa tion Plan-
ning Services, Ext. 2401 for 
info and interview. (11117) 
The Anomaly Factory's 
current run of the " A-
mazing Amalgamated 
Amorhous" will be ex-
tended through Nov. 18th 
due to popular demand, 

'''Amorphous'' is a multi-
sensual thpatrical ma?e in 
wh ich the audience is free 
to choose their own direc-
tion, length of sta y, and 
degree of participation. 
Performances are every 
Fri , and Sal. with persons 
being admitted every 5 
minut s bE'tween 8 and 9 
p,m, Purchase of Il ckC'ts in 
ad'dnc!' "t Ur!'y Hall Box 
Off.c!' or at MC 257 i\ 
recommended ,'" .. Amor-
phou," " oft!'n 'olti OUI 
(1117) 
A r!'pre,!'ntativ!' from the 
U IVER ITY OF CALIF-
FORNIA , DAVIS , lAW 
SCHOOL will be on cam-
pus in the Muir Provost 
Conference Room the 
morning of Friday, Nov, 
17, to talk with students 
interE',ted In the study of 
law They are particularly 
Interested in minority 
student~. Call Career Plan-
ning, hI. 2401 for further 
information . (1 1/ 17) 

sat urday 
ROCK AND ROLL AT 
REVELLE CAFETERIA 
SATURDAY NITE OV. 
16, 9-12 mid-night WITH 
ICE HOU E BLUE BAND 
DA CE SPO <;ORED BY 
REVELLE RES, HALL A D 
CPB (11/17) 

1964 Ramblrr for sale $250 
call 755-6521 ('v('n.ngs 
(12/ 1) 

For Sal . r pmale SlampsE' 
Klttl'n. B wks. $15 , 0 one 
with children 453-2451 
(11/21) 
For Sale' 68 Datsu" 2000 
Fr('shl\ tuned-fine' lOn-
dnion, 5 '>peE'd 755-6666 
x260 KatE' 111 / 21) 
For sal!'-1963 Plymouth 
Valiant onvertihle $75 
Julie Myers, In B147 (base-
ment), Bld~ 2C, between 2 
and 5 p .m daily (11/17) 
'63 Chev PIU Truck 6 cyl. 4 
spd. radiO, htr $500 or 
best off r xclnt. trans . 
Craig 755-1233 (11/21) 
FOR SALE-Harmon Kar-
don S -18 stereo, Puch 
10-spe d bike. Call 453-
5494 (11/21) 

'64 '64 BUICK RIVIERA, 
WITH MAGS. MUST SELL, 
BEST OFFER. CALL MARK 
HENDRIX 277-5623 (11/21) 

Guitar-Yamaha, 'I, new 
prtce, only $70 Ca ll Bob 
or Tom , 755-7669 (11/21) 

\""~t"rh('(l. king, lap-seam, 
heatE'r, deluxe frame 
w/cushioned liner, th e 
works, $95. 755-7604 eves, 
(11/21) 
SURr BOARD-6'9"x19W' 
nne Condition-$30. 755-
6949 dftpr 6 Rusty (11/17) 
Classical Guitar-white 
rosewood-velvet-lined 
caw A st!'al at $100 T!'rry 
Bain, lit Rev!'lIp 274-20)7 
(11 / 21) 

Page 12 Triton Times November 17, 1972 

Saturday, Nov , 18 
" TRACKS," Terry 
Sheridan in special pro-
ject concert, starting from 
the Third Floor patio of 
the Central library, MC at 
1:30 pm, 
Concert of North Indian 
classical music featuring 
Ashish Khan on the sarod, 
and Zakir Hussein accom-
panying on the tabla. 8:30 
pm, 409 MC (11/17) 

sunday 
Sunday, Nov, 19 "WEB" a 
so nic environment 
organized by Warren 
Burt , Bruce Rittenbach 
and Ernie Morgan, UCSD 
Music Department gra-
duate students. (11/17) 
A DUPLICATE BRIDGE 
game will be held this 
Sun . (every first & third 
Sun.) at 7: 45 in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Free beginning 
lessons will be held at 
7:15. Prizes, r efresh-
ments. Info-Barry-453-
2209 (11/17) 
Chaplain Herbert 
Albrecht has chosen a 
Thanksgiving theme for 
his sermon this Sunday: 
"Attitude, Gratitude and 
Bedtitude," rhe worship 
~ervlc!, begll1\ at 10 a.m. 
Three interim pastors are 
serving University 
Lutheran while campus 
pastor John George 
Huber is on sabbatical in 
Europe, (11117) 

monday 
The Church of l!'sus Chmt 
of Latter-Day Saints invites 
all members, as well as all 

Incere seet-ers after 
Truth, to meetings being 
held on Mondays at 7:30 
PM in th!' Rev!'lIe Formal 
Lounge, (EM) 
ADDITIONAL OHERING 
I CHINE [ LA GUAGE 
FOR WI TER QUARTER' 
Chinese 159: Mandarin 
for Cantonese speakers, 
Please see the Language 
Center for further details, 
(11 /21) 

Tourndm!'nt 517!'d ch!'ss 
hoards for sale 
Reasonably pricpd Call 
272-5271 (11/21) 
MlI10lta I('mes at 50' (If 
nl'w pricP ' W I A Jnd T('le 
48" bldck light, $15 MOl!'. 
755-7604 (>\!" , (11 /21) 

Huffy Sportman mE'n" 3 
"pd bikp VG conr:!. 0 L Y 
$30 295 0'l71 after 5' 
ClaudiO (11 / 21) 

wanted 
Need tutor for Bio , lilA 
abd/or MUSIC 2A. ('all 453-
2927 after 10 p.m. Ask for 
Peg (11117) 

I desparately need GOOD 
homes for 2 indoor kit-
tens, 3 mos old , Healthy & 
housebroken . Call Nancy 
x1382, evenings 755-0520 
or Randy 453-2986 (1 1/17) 

Wa nted; sma II gas 
welding et-up, Can pay 
to $50, Call Lee at 2391, 
(11/17) 

Wanted : Girl's 10-speed 
bike for about $60. Call 
453 -7149; Ask for Jill. 
(11/17) 

Good-paying jobs In con-
Jun('tlon with the an 
Diego Junior hambPr 
Commerce, Must be neat 
appearing, Intelli~ ent and 
111 good physical condi-
tion . Abl!' to work 5 nights 
d w eek: 5-9 p.m. all Mr, 
C drVl'r 224-1657 Iwtw('('n 
6-8 p.m. (12/1) 

Mr. Daniel Gandara, :. 
second-year student at 
HARVARD LAW SCHOOL 
and a member of the 
Chicano law Student's 
Association will be on 
campus Mon , Nov , 20 
from 1 p,m, till 4 p.m, in 
the Revelle Commons In-
formal lounge to offer 
students info about the 
study of law, the uses of a 
legal education, and the 
admissions process at Har-
vard , Call Career-
Education Planning Ser-
vices, Ext. 2401 to 
schedule your appoint-
ment. (11/17) 

general 
Eric Christmas, Director of 
UCSD Theatre, is holding 
tryouts for his March 
production of Ibsen's 
PEER GYNT. The play 
sweeps through the phan-
tasmagoria of Peer's adult 
life as he searches in vain 
for himself. All UCSD 
students/facu lty/staff are 
invited to audition - Nov, 
20 or 21 at 5 in UCSD 
Th eatre. For additional 111 -
form.tion, call ext. 2497. 
(11/ 17) 

Muir seniors intending to 
graduate at the end of fall 
quarter 1972 should check 
the list outside the Muir 
Provost Office to be su re 
their name is on it. The 
final date for announcing 
candidacy for the fall 
quarter is December 1, 
1972. (11/24) 

ATTENTION 
EFFECTIVE 
IMMEDIATELY THE 

ORTH DINING ROOM 
(UP-STAIRS) AT MUIR 
AND THE OUTH 
DINING ROOM AT 
REVELLE WILL BE OPEN 
FROM 7 AM TO 4:30 PM 
MONDAY THROUGH 
FRIDAY FOR USE AS A 
LOUNGE AND ' TUDY 
AREA BY ALL STUDENTS. 
(11 / 21) 

PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!!! I 
Organizational meeting 
for all those interested in 
reinstigating the photo-
graphy club . All people in 
need of a darkroom 
should come. Tuesday 
nite 8:00 p.m" Hl 1154 
11 /21, Any questions call 
Bill Sproule 436 -0970 
(11/21 ) 

FREE LEGAL SERVICES, 
Bilingual Staff, Padre 
Hidalgo Center, 2277 
National Avenue, San 
Diego, CA 92113 , 
Thursdays, 6:30-9 :30 P,M, 
Telephone 235-6291 , A 
Program of Catholic Com-
munity Services (11 / 17) 

Nine professional women 
from the USSR will be 
coming to San Diego as 
part of a cultural ex-
change at the end of Nov, 
and beginning of Dec, 
One day in their stay will 
be reserved exclusively 
for UCSD student s. All 
UCSD students currently 
or for merly enrolled in 
Russian arc invited to 
" Rap with the Russians," 
Further details and plan-
ning at HL 1532 Wed , Nov, 
22 at first m!'!'ting of Rus-
sian dub. (1 1/ 17) 

Ski Club Meeting, Nov.21 
Tues., USB 2622, People 
from Sun Haus, Ski Shop 
will demonstrate latest in 
new ski equipment and 
show flicks. All going to 
Snowmass are urged to 
come to hear final details 
of trip and have a party, 
8us Tickets, $139.50, now 
on sale at EDNA, 1st FI., 
Urcy Hall from 11 a.m. to 1 
p.m. weekly, until sold out 
or until Dec . 1. La st 
cha nce to buy raffle 
tickets ($.75) for free trip; 
Drawing at noon, Tues. 
Nov.21 at TT office,(11/21) 

Dance and Chant with the 
ufi Dancers each Wed , at 

7:30 p.m, in the North Bal -
cony of the Gym (12/1) 

Thanksgiving is rapidly ap-
proaching. Each year 
many students have to 
stay in the area and would 
enjoy sharing 
Thanksgiving 'dinner. If 
you are willing to sha re 
with a student or two or if 
you are a student who 
would enjoy being a guest 
at someone's 
Thanksgiving Dinner, 
please call the Revelle 
Resident Dean's Office 
and we will try to get you 
together. 453-2000 ex, 
1920, (11/ 21) 

UCSD Women meet every 
Thursday at 12:00 Noon at 
the International House, 
Matthews Campus. All are 
welcome!! (ETH) 
This Thursday come meet 
Beverlee Human, New 
Assistant Affirmative Ac-
tion Coordinator for 
Academic Affairs, (11/17) 

AMATEUR RADIO CLUB 
AT UCSD ••• WA6DOT 
"Where do we go from 
here?" will be topic of dis-
cussion at the UCSD Ama -
tl'ur Rad io Club mtg. on 
Tues" Nov,21 at 7:30 p.m., 
Bldg,2A room 2202. Every-
one interested in Amateur 
R,ld io at UCSD will be 
th('((', Call Ed Teyssier at 
454-0688 for more info, 
(11117) 

TH E DEPARTMENT OF 
APPLIED PHY IC & I -
FORMATION SC IEN CE 
will hold a reception on 
Monday Nov, 20, 1972 at 
7:30 p,m. in Room 2113, 
Bldg, 2A, MUir Campus, to 
acquaint undergraduates 
with the department pro-
grams and options and to 
di sc u ss carl'!'r op-
portunities in th!' fields of 
applied physics and in-
formation science. There 
will be demonstrations 
and refreshments and an 
opportunity to meet in-
formally with members of 
the faculty, All under-
gradua tes interested in 
AP&IS are invited to 
attend.(11 / 17) 

advertisemen.ts for ourselves __ .. 
WA 'TED' '67 never used 
VW van, ('a II MdrcO 453-
2266 (11/21) 

housing 
Young couple desire sa me 
10 share hOIl,e on top of 
Soledad Mtn., La Jolla, 
Fireplaces lanai high 
ocean vie w . We are 
vegetarians, doing 
(reatlve thin gs. Phone 
454-6636 dfter 6, (10/ 17) 

Graduate st udent seeks 
roommate Large 2 
bedroom ($82.50 ea h) 
O('ean view Cardiff 753-
0690 or x 1221 Ken (11 /17) 

rurn . house, 2 br, I ba, 
$265 . 454-7388 , 614 
Marine, La lolla. (11/ 17) 
For Rent-2br., l '1, ba., 
Un iv , City, unfurn" stove, 
refri!h pool, child o.k. va-
can t, $195 , 453-0856 
(11 /17) 
Female Roommate Want-
ed to shar a 2-bdrm, apt. 
in P.B.-$60/ mo, call 272-
6099 (11/21) 

2-story Tudor 4 bdrm 2 ba 
lib . family 1 bdrm inc. apt. 
walled yd 2 bib 
Windnsea , 459 -6636 . 
(11117) 

Male Housemate wanted 
to share 3 bedroom, 2 
bath in La Jolla l00/ mo. 
459-4526 or x2528 (11/21) 
Subleas!' my apa rtm!'n t 
during X'mas ~Jcalion call 
Linda Thomp\on 262-1602 
,1itN 6 pm (11 /21) 

lost a nd found 
Lost: men's Army shirt 
with Arm y- Airforce in-
Signia (belonged to my 
father in WW II) , in USB 
2622, 11 am class, Fri " Nov, 
J Call Ruth at 565-0996 or 
Xl033 with any info , 
(11 / 17) 
LOST: Yellow, metal , 
sliderul e during week of 
10/ 30, Black PI. case . Call 
DC'bbie Roy ; 582-7073 
(11 / 17) 
LOST : MU$i pracli('e-
room key, bears the name 
S hlage, four numerals, 
and t he le tter E. Call 
Robert, 488-7417 (11/21) 
To the SOB who removed 
my bicycle from tne bike 
rack north of Urey Hall 
last Thurs. : I' ll pay $20 for 
the return of the bike-no 
questions, lohn 775-1401 
(11121) 
Thief! Plea se return my 
painting or send me a pic-
ture of it so I can enter 
grad, school. Valerie 259 
Coa t La Jolla (11/21) 

COMMUTER STUDENTS! 
Room availabl in Muir 
Apts. Two gi rls to share 
room . Call Nancy 453-
7832. (11/21) 

services 
Private tutoring in English 
grammar, omposition 
sk ill s, interpreting 
literature, etc. Rat es flexi -
ble, dll Mr. Howard 
Smith 278-4275. (11117) 

rYPIST : exper, IBM, M , 
theses, PhD. disse rt , term 
papers, etc. wl do Ru sh 
jobs - n/ ('hg, 453-0656. 
(12/ 1 ) 
The WRITING CLIN IC is 
now open. Tutors will 
help you with course 
pap rs, application essays, 
proposals, etc, Call Jackie 
at X2401 for an appoint-
ment. 

TYPIST : Exp. theses , 
reports, term papers, mis-
e. IBM 501t pg . call 
Beatrice Lynch - 753-7356 
(11128) 

travel 
Anyone interested in rid -
ing and ski ing in Aspen 
Colo , Dec. 16-29 Call 
Susan Graves x1382 or 459-
6387 (11/21) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL 
EAST AFRI CA 

Student fl ights. Inexpen-
sive student camping 
tours throughout Europe, 
Russia, and Mexico, Offi -
cial SOFA agent for inter-
European student charter 
flights, including Middle 
East and Far East. Student 
Ski Tours. European used 
car purchase system, Con-
t act : ISCA, 11667 San 
Vincente Blvd , No. 4 l.A. 
Ca. 90049 Tel : (213) 826-
5669, 626-0955 (11124) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
No more club f es! 50 
Departures, also NY , 
Japan & M)stralia . Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: 
1ST , 323 N, B('v!'rl y Dr., 
Beverly Hill s, Ca. 90210, 
(213) 275-8180 

Complete Columbia & Epic 
LP & Stereo Tape Catalogs 

ChIIy! 
----------_ ... _-_ ............ -- ~ .... ~ _ ...... _-----------'~'li I~ l~]~ 1-1 () lJ S]~ 

• "'IIIIeII fA lII ... rtty 1_111_, c..,. 

Records • 

***** 



m"lsuc 
I.- Siorn PiJrs Fou, 
rotO,I I. VIoll. cooc,nos 

lIS nt .ILI. W •• 
T ... lI .. ic Of Aro0l4 
1dIet ..... " . YOI. IY 

us 721 I •• ml.. U.'. 
lIaIIler: 5, ... No. 1 

_tnUTTI. II.. '" 124 I.WTtI • • U.'. 
,"!Mor. o: Tile COOIIII.I. VerdI! rolsillf -,. 
Vi.li. AIId PI ... Son.lu 

1£I.ITElI, U ..... 
lI.hl." Sy ... No. I 
I. ( ·FI.I lI . jo< 

liS J27 CUFT . .. 1E1ff 
The lIuslc Of A,nold 
Sch ....... " . Vot. Y 

IUInl 

' U 71J CAUU. 'UlO lUI JB 
h ch: The 4 O,cheslra l Suit., 

NOIOWITI , YUDlII I. illS 1" 
Ho,owl)J I~ Conc.rt: Haydnl 
SctlumJnnlChopi nJliszt jSc r l ~ b i n 

illS ,.. 

illS 111 

11%$ 114 

SCHDEH.nc. ARNOLO 1oI 2S 111 
Iho loIus, c Of Arnold 

Schoenberc V.1C10US Art .SI~ 

1l • • SUI II . UO.UD 
H.Yd. : The C,eal,o. 

illS 7It 

1121 Tn 

COUll . IU.I 
Bac h: The Sil P.rtilu 

CUFT. "IUT 
Tho loI us ic Of Aroold 
Sch ... ber, . Vol. " 

IE.SHlII . L(OIAlO 
lI ahl.,: S,m. No. 2 In C 
Minor ("Resurrect ion") 

'UlllTEIII . UOIIUO 
loI ahler: S, ... No. 5; 
Ktndtrtottn lt t der 

'UIIIHII . LUIIAlO 
llSlI : A f luit Sym 

0 ..... Df1 IU""1 Vlrdl: Requiem 

I;niiiiiiiiiir:liiii---m:iiii IGOR ST R A V I NSK Y 
IS Born-- June 17. 1882 

OSCAR LE VANT. who dIed recent ly at age 65. wa s '";;;;;rn;--WuU'- 'iiji"'J,;;! 
a famed concert p,anist. a composer of popul a r songs l • LlOIUI 

Di ed April 6 . 1971 ("Lady. Play Your Mandolln "l. a scene - s tealI ng a c tor. 
t-------- --_t the broiliant eccentri c. the profeSSIonal neurotI c. 

He was one of the dOlnlnant fIgures of 20th c entury I . rav,ng hypochondroac. the cultIvated mlsan·th'·O[le. 
musI c - for many . ' thl greatest compose r of o~r He was also one of the great put · down artists. 

..... ________ __ ..j t ,me " C!go defldte r who left such de athl ess observaloons ~iif;;;.;,~;;;.~~;~ 
Some of h,s ach 'l vements wer e n'corded by Stra SI,.". i , : c •• I. I' /"'.sl liS " I"' !!opl e eIther dIslIke me or ha te" 

vlnsky for posterIty . H£' conduc te d hlsopera " OedIpus 1. 11 .... 1 •• 0' 1 .. ,., . . .. 
1ol==,....,_ rRi.----;;;;,..;-;i Re . .. and many ball e ts (or ColumbIa Records H'gh " I remember 

lIghts from h ,s catalogll". With StraVinsky Conduc tIng 
The Columb,a Symphon) Or chestra arp Ilst£'d In Ihl s 
~.:.:..:::..:~c..:::"":':::"=::;!..---f newspaper · t---- ---- ---_1 h,m lt cke ts to h,s n('xt concl'd " I 

Dss m H,s fe rlol e mind ranged far bpyond the boundarI es SI,., IIII,: "1. I. ir. o. liS WIthout an o r ches tra " 
of musI c He was a bn Iilant conver sallonallst . a man 1014.l l liI./ ' .Ieiltll. Soil. 

I---------- - -i of the world Op,n, onated. sure FeIsty . at t ,mes had the age of the common man 
Dn m Rober t Craft . Stravln~ky 's alter " go on the pod,um Str",uk, C .. 4 •• 1s of th(' com monplace man " 

and off . In a sero.· .. of books and artIcles and anec ' SI,nlts" " The r e 15 a th,n I In(' 
I-----=---=-:':'-i dotes. spelled out th( revel at IOns of Stravlnsky ' s lIfe t-----------; g('n lus and InsanIty I have e rased that line " 

DII711 and op,nIons In and out of mUSI C These exampl es SI .. ".s., Dd .pus Rex " If I under - tIp hIm . he ' ll sneerl .... ,n''' •. 
pOint up some of th(' !>alty flavor of h,s talk at m e But I' ll over - tIp him . so I can sneer a t him ~::::::~:.::::....:..::.::....:.::....----., . It IS . at any rate . far closer to ST •• YIIIS.Y. ICDI That's what !Ipplng ' s all about .. t---- - -------j IE INST£I N. LEIII .. D DIS III • • 

Th. ;,tlt Tchll lo,,', mathematI Cs than III Iitp rature not pe rhaps to mathe SIr", .. ,,: Tho R.ko', . ' The thIng that tak es up the leas t amount 
S,,"p~on .,, o. 4. 5. malt cs Itself . but (e rtalnly to something like mathe Pro,.... t ,me and c ause,> the most amount o f troubl e IS love ." 
I-----:-==--=~:_i mallcal relatIonshIps MUSIcal form IS mathemato ca l He once stayed at George S Kau f - t-----------t ~ III'.DY. 1(lIImlll. DIS III 

STOIOWSlt becaus e II IS Idca l. and form IS alway s ,de a!. " WILLIAMS. JONN man 's home. for a month . but fad ed to reward the 
1m : . ConductIng. II e pol otl cs. rare ly servants . So Mrs Kaufman slIpped e ach five dollars 1-.-.-.. - I-T-'EI-N.-U.;.. • ...;.-.. ,;..D--D-,-I-lI~1 attra c t .. OrigInal mI nds. and th" fl Id IS mor e for the and to ld them the gofts wer e from Levan\. t----------i 
Be,nsloi. Co.docts For makIng of carl''''' and th(O " 'plol tatl onofp e r sonaltil es "Five dollarsl " snarled Levant when she told him 
Vo.." P'O\I lo another , c',emblancr' to poll tl c.~ than a profeSSion of the lIps " You should have gIven them ten NOwt-________ _ -t 

fo r th£' appl'(alt on of "xact and standard,z"d dISCI they'll say I' m s tingy " 
pllnc-s' And fInally. S.N Behrman saId of hIm " The r e IS 

. Th,·y do nut .. pr. how a mUSIcal phrase really nothIng wrong WIth Os car that a good mlracle l-_________ -i 
U IIAROY. EUUNE DlI III 

The Blue D •• ubo 

E. TlElillr. PIIILlPP[ DII '" IS cons truc ted. do no t know how mUSIc IS wrotten. couldn't cur e" 
CI." Dt Lunellh. World 's Ih t'y dr c Incompoot"nt ,n thr· tN.hnlqu ... of th" contem - Oscar Levant will be ImpOSSIbl e to r eplace 

l-_f_IY_O_,it_o_p_'_"._O_II_US_iC ____ -i porary mus IC a I I dnguagl' en II r s m I S I nform the publI C t----- - - - ----+-------------r------------;----------=::1 
UIIIIUf, I"EIff F. Dll fez and delay cumprd,pn."on 

t-_~_II_:_._!_~_r_,_S_I_~_~_d_'_I __ _1 tal l ~ow l A~ I ~1~a~~I~I~ I ~:,~~fl:=S ~------_-----+-----------+-------____ ~---------~ 
,n lllll ·ln. t ... OSE as a nobl e contra s t to thf' s('lf approballons wh Ich al e 112S III II .. I ..... I. 

l1li00111101 AND 
COIoiTIMPO.AIIY IIIIUSIC ILICTIIONIC MUSIC 

fill. TIl the only conv(" ,>atoons of all pco dorm,ng and most [lee"".I,II.I, I-_F_o_.r_F_a_.or_it_o_l_r_'~ ____ --., other mUSICI~ns And h e' was thr- only pianIst I have 1------------+--------------1------~----- f----------_t 
JU ll ll.n IUUUT. TME 

$ChUff)lM QuutelS 
('o ve r se£'n who dId not grlmac" That IS a great <;leal " 

" I wou ld I,k£, to admot all Strauss I ••. _ .... _··,~ , ..... , •.• , 
I, .. C,..: 11 .. 1. FI, 
for 1.,. .. ,4 1"'·1141 1121 1" (y."I_I~1 V •• AI •• ,. M 11111 W .. t.4 TI H .. , D. n. Mil' 
I---.~-------~ op ... ras to wh'Lh~v ... r purga tory punlshps trIumphant ~-----------~------------;------------.~--------~~~ 

banality Their mlJ51Cai 5ub~ tanr " 15 che ap and poor . 
o! r dnn ot ,n l" r ... ..,1 d musI c Ian loddY " 

e.I •• ".·" I",.t .. 
lIocl".i. lill i, C .. t., 

illS I ... 

.. At t ime s I havr, been comfort CA.LOS. WALT&. Sl~~'I '(~:(lh'" Cre.1 "d by the knowl"dqp that my groat gl andfater lIved b flll liS 7"1 S I 
S, .. p~ )n .. s to 111 He dId no t composl' musI c I know . but so ... c ..... ,.,' lE.n d;....;II.~Lf-.-.-A-I-.---~ family tradllt on 11000" h" was dOIng somethIng v(' ry ~-----------+-----------+-----------f.:::_::...::::c:~~~---¥:':I-:I~II::17 
Beelh n. Th. N,~ lIke Ii . wlll( h I> rrd~lng 1,)11'" In fact . the old g e ntl o III nl7 UW .locUIII. 11 •• 1, 

~ .. _~ .. , ~~n bl, · ~~ hi '> I."monf's . d'Pd In ron.,cquoncDofa fall ~----~.------~--~~-~-----~-----------.-~~~~~~~----~ -~-----~-1 wi lli" hr· wa tr 1''''1 tv !,f.ul p a gard ro n fenc!' on hiS way 1!"~:.~f.'~Ii~;~f ' 
tu d , " ndDZII U"" Wh"t d way to.go' a s Ih (' Am"f'l cans I! 
~ ____________ ~ SdY 

. Huw dOl'" J In"n 9'u" old) I don· t knuw . 0' why I 
"m old If I n 0.1 he (I d.m·t want to bel Al l my Ilf" 1 .. 1I'· ..... / n •• '.. r:'~,A~,,:!I' .. f.ff 
~~~.~ _______ ~ I havI 111"lIgh l r.f n,v., ... lf ,,\ thl young. st nnc ' and ~_---------~~_-_--------~-.~~--------~~ _ _ --~----~~~ 
I n ll. HIII . l~"U' nlOw. slIdrl( nl ~ I I 'dd ar.1 1 hr'd< aholll my~r If d~ · the 11 ... _ .. : 1I1""lItOl' IISlm 

r:~:i,'.r. ~.I~J~~IS wor ld'S oldl·, t " n! A, I tho II I wl" "I", (nHmOr y I~ \J lI l'. and ~::',M:,~~..;.,.,I'~~:=~ . 
~~~~~~~ ____ ~ I nuw Ih~t II . ,"~ t b( hilt Ihat onp IllIPh by ~( · ,n o ry ~-~-~-~-~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~--------~~~~~~~-~~~~ 

nl VI r I~! ·II." "rli fl ,t tv t, Ith Bu t t hl olfgh Ihl' (, Dtk of Iw",.i.w •• i I .. , eN"" lit MIN IN •• " "., ... 4 
Il qhl In my bl 1· I 'H. 'n dru), tlnl1 dl~.ullll·~ ~nd I ~g~ln I ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-~-~~~~~I:":I:H~.:~:"'~~~~---~~~~~~~~~~_-~ I-----------~ ~I (. Ihr Inldqr' " I rfly I" .. t wor 101 Mdm" h a~ gan! til h('r I-

1I .. ,,"ln AN II. f"l 
r ...... i .. - ' Iu 1"lInll, .. 
If 11111 II ...... 

III Ill. 

III 7111 

In . .. 1 .. ,Lf l~. ~ .. thD"" n 4 ~1111 "" 
,"urn m y bn l'I' r " do" lr.p "' II" o llw, bl ·q. ilntl ilil 

,~ .1 ,11 In Ihl "u~, II IN" .1fIII , ... , .... ' '"" •• "If 

... t . . ... : S,., .... , 
N •. 7 I. Alia)". 0, . 12 
pIII •• " il. l : 5,., ... , 
N •• I. 0,. 47 

.... , AM tire .. stllet 

CDniUcts Re cent Cnlud 

•• rtitz : Sy.,'''i' 
' 111 .. 11 • ••• 0,. 14 

... 1.1" .. : 5,.. N • . 7 

"" .... '1. 5,," I. [.FI . I I loi S 
5,11 . M. U . nOM. C. M. 
VII Wehr 

C.'I .... I.".,.; 
C .... I. II .. s F" Ore •. 

Sc1tO • • : 5, • . I; 
5,. II I . 5 

.rslll ' ~I . ' h Pl ftt S Of 
h",e IRomn rutlu ls 

R. SIr .. U : 0'. 
Ili .. I • . 0,. 35 

t.rt" , ell •. FI, 0' ... . / II 31t 
W. 5ch, .. ,,: III 'nISI ' f SII. "" 

THINGS YOU MAY NOT KNOW 
UNTIL NOW 

The New York. Times ( II Ir j ':I It (ifIll oj! 
c, torlt'!:t all trw JnJ ,,,,m th"rT1 wd. r II. ~(dJllil 

Th,ng'l Yuu May Nut Kru·w Y " M ......... l I Ur,t,l ~J .... 
H,· , I d r ,. J ff'W 

RC'~a P 111,1 II" ,\tlo h.J' r( I ""JOq II f j 1 ~ ,.,. r 
10 yr-ar-" fOdnd hi ' ... fllt " ,J B.J I mOt' co, II I' ~ I 
WIthout m(Jn f y Inq rl d d ~}O 1 •. H11 I I r 

M"Ck s,Jld t~11 rll.H .J,~. , F' r <,,·lfl .... H q I 1 "' y 
Truly . andH ,. l'iJIIl!"'.,HoJl,rt, Io.~ 't I f") 
,h,ofn,Sll 

A t cdrr'I I" ( lit If ho. I I l s Ar f). I,., f· '.1' 
nl(,III(.. UII' .... (01 'If tldl~ f tt, t' '1' ,un,,,.,, t' t' •• r 
t. J vot, Thl OJlldll'll V .. J"!> liP .. !I j t, (t 1'" t, IT 
JrnOrlq 2) ll,f":>"'''''' At C"" t ,..,. Cull! I' U" .... Iflr" 
w'" I R.h'l I ... 8,11" () ,H' j 'I h.J OV" "" ':0 Ron', .Hi I 
J,Jip,t At UC: L /-, J"IlfTtHIC, It tt. S,h'(o' Jlr 
Soc lilly ti, rlHl" ... tt dt,'\i f f 8,,·tt yq, ""tIl ... tud"nt.. 
In MJhl" T Shit t., 1'<.1 .... ., I lit Vl t. r I Gu ... ta'o 
h'dfl, h lhf' Molhll·r f.- r • S~"~'l(lny ..... r.;'n hyor 
vol! In tl'-I' IfIl'drt'nH It. fTlIl"I('d"~ I lh, I A f 
... Idl tt j d f,J,I..,. r'ocd ' I,t 'Jflt ,,-, Oil I pl~1 t 

At ttl! R,,,,, SI,d Mil, Cdfl\~rtr l.tn",-Pll Tin" 
tti( r In I'nt, Jt. p "- on ,I· f 1 mU"H TIll (db fI f 
ttl' dn1f I, d ,UX) ";1 r \ j 1111 ttl It ( fd.1 I .J he r j I 
BI~I , Ar l ill' (..ittt, 'll I ,"'" ~I' It 1 tl' , Il.ml· I 
th. " tl. iJl ... .11 ... tll 1, t II' II '111' T h .. ~c .. ~ ... (S' ,. I d ,. 
fur Soh tflq' and VlvJld .,. ( 11 fit f I T\', V f" 

n., ttl' ,·n. nf "LH h l..tll.l' ~ I ..... ! It" I.HlI 'I , 
tIl tt" .. Itllf V ... ul It" , )hl up .... 1 :t" I, r' J 
I .... ' rll'~.J Th,y fl.dlvIH' :'h rltJco,H 

8t GG 5 . E . POWER BIGG S . E. POWER 
( Continue d ) 

ARTIST - TITl[ 

5I:RIIIN. RUDOLF 

M"' I,,· SY'" '''oy 
N. , • III C .hjor 

BetUIIUII S.n.ta", 14, I , 23 
M'lItt : ClllttrtD No 19 
I. f M'I" " K 4S'" 

Ho 20 In 0 Minor 

MS 1111 

MS i4l1 

PAGE 3 

S ZILL. GEORGI 
( Continued ) 011 l1li A 101 DV. [ UGENI 

""I: L·A'lul .... 
SMit, HI. 1/eri. , : Pu r 
CJOI So il. H •. t. 0,. " 
SIIII el04.cts W ..... 
I nlCher: $, • . N. 1 
I. D Mi .. , 

' r",hlr : $,., ••• , th 
I. D. Mlllr 

1151111 "".ftn , .1" A.. loiS ' 121 
11511 .. 

II ~ "'1 

Th W.11 0, 11/0,,11 •• ' Til 
-VIURI hnu's Cll i •• Te TIle 
O,£"U" O. ,. 
l iut: C.rltu hit. 

Itlo'to ' "" .... T",. M~lrnrm 
Tablerna' I", Cho,' 

1151151 

IoIS'~ 

•• ;;"r.,.~.;o::..."v.=,,,:r.h:-: .. ;;,-ol!:.;-'11~lIMI1!5"11'11a!'l', Tch,tinttr: Clflcert. I. "$ &In 
T .... I , ",, ' . / AuU .. ,. D loI . i" r" v ..... l 0", 
Fll ti .. 1 Ourt., t/Trilit 0, lS / Mu't !ss.hll C .. cert. 
O.lnun I. ( MinI( fir Vl'lil 
1 .. 1 •• : eo."n. H • • 2 MS un I .. ~", S,' .. ~ •• , N. 1 liS I.n t. I ·r tl t W'Jor For 
Pin ••• ,1 Ordl,n,., 0,. 13 I. C MIU', 0, 51 
lI .con: CIIC.rt. I. A 
lI. jlt / O ... rt i . .. lo N •. 2 
I. D M. jer 
lIozart : S,." .. , H. 3! 
I. D .hilr ; S, II . NI , 41 
I. C Major 
.. .... Isull": S''''lIh''J 
Jill . 4 1ft , MIJ" ; 5,," 
NI . • t. I MIll' 

Mu'. ISS. ~. : IIIcldnu, 
MU le h '" MI'sum""r 
NII M's Oru II," 

H.,." S, .. N. II 
I. 0 ilia,., ; 5, .. H. !C 
III G. MI,or, 1' $ur,rllI " 

HldulIO, $tlll ,hDnlc 
hleb.rl rphosls , b u cell 
SI,"o,.m 

Durn: lile Slnnlc 
Duct s (Clm,l. t. ) 

W" .,,: O"HII .. I 
",fl lI, _1s Fro" " Iho R,o, 
Of n r N ,"IIfIIS " 

MS nIl 

111Z o"n"" MS 1113 

D.~u .. J Aft.,.o •• Of A MS 1111 
rao' / u Mor/ R". I O" ... , 
Ad e.l .. 

TlIt 51",., Of n. 
Plllfli ,hl,tuJ ardestn 

MS 1002 :'::kl~~t~n;!':II' ~';:.~ liS 1112 
Cu rt". , 0, lIICh.u 

loiS 1006 H •••• I U. R.,al for. MS ill; 
Werls SU ite Thit Wahr MUS IC 
SUitt / Carelli SI ,tt For Stun,s 

1015 Till "'toU"., S'''P' •• y 
"'. 5 II EM"". Op II 

MS ill1 

loiS 1201 " ....... ".~ 5, .. ,.0., MS 111' 
No 2 I. I. MllIDr, 0, 21 

MS n.l Sh,h',,,,. eloc.rt. liS It14 f., C.II. I. HIli, 0, III S,.,-.'" H. I 
K •• , I, . H." lI ... 5 .. 10 1 MS I'lli T.h"lni, S,,"c,,,, loiS 1111 
Pr.tll fi!y : Lt. 11:11' SU ite H, , In • W,." ' Patlletl,,'" 

WATTS . ANDR E Orf : C ''''' Inl auuna 

U.,i. , C.llcert. 
Jill . 2 In r Millor j l lSlt 
C .... ,to~. , I. HI.I IoI'J" 

Intuns ' Cernerno H. 
,. I -Fl i t Major rtr 
' ''01 lOre' Dp IS 

loi S 1114 I". 8, O'."'y 

loi S 1113 

~s i~O 

b tl. ulNft' I"11tt 
CII. N • . I 

1I1M5' V''fII. , n. Su.,ns Op 1 1015 il lS 

AR TIST - TITL[ 
S I:RII IN. RUDOLF' 
( Con tinued) 

f l.lull l' 

flUr Vlnl., Conr.rt. 
F.r ,., VI.It." .. Orcll 

Tu 8100 DI .... - A 
Se.ub.rt 50 .. " I. A MS 114' I ••••• 51" ... fUI ,ut 
Ma,,,. 0, pom '0'1" 

10151104 

MS Ul1 

Inltms CUtut. H • • 2 
'n B·f lat MIJot f.r Plana 

IoIS65l< AI. Dre'.,u •. 0, II 

Ifrll" S,,,,,Jiollle 
Fututa.ur O. 1C 

11 5 1141 

115 1m Schldtfrt QUintet In A MS 10&1 ::et:'I'"e~ f~:t·Phfl' 
-"-='-_________ 1 ~: J ·;l~D~ , ~;::~,,"'. Slr ' ''ls. MaJ.r . O. 55 (n l u 
lu t"on. · COicertt H. MS ISU 

IU""'S Concerto II C M III.r fir 1""10 h ll DrcilestrJ, 0, 17 No 1 III 0 Minor for 
------------1 Plua" Orc h . Op 15 

MS 71U 'IIU'''I Conce rt. N. MS 12U 
I. D 1oI"or 0, i 
8n~"'i QI,ntet 'n 
M,,,or Far PI.IIO U' 
$InDrs 0, H 

8eethoyu '"rNa Cont 
3, etlon! h"tUt 

MS IUt 

1015 6&11 

St~umltnlt COfttlrto 1ft MS 6&11 
A 101'.0'. OP 54 Ko,mtstuc. 
BeeU"'en- Concerto MS 6745 
No . • I fI C MltJor For 
Plug And Ortl'l I 0, 51 

B.oto .. o" eooeeno loiS 1131 
NO. 1 I. C M.)o,. Op t5 
EI.". Ba.a"I1 ... Op II! 

aoeth" •• : Concert. MS .1l9 
No. 2/ lol ollfl Conce,lo No. 21 
BOULEZ . PIERRE 

SCItI,u .... .,' Cuterh ,_ 
A M,ur for PIUO ,,,II 
Orc~estra. D, 54 

MS 1111 I' ........ y T!. Slu"., loi S im 
8raut1 (hctr.ts 

Sthuminft · Qlt lttet 'I MS n" frutk Sy,".~.ftr MS i2tl 
£ FlU MIJor 8ra","s. Tr lD I . D MI",or In E FI . I M'ror .:.c...c:.-_________ _ 

1I" ' Olss.hl C." .,,11 
5th.n. : I.tr. ' I II C • • 
a. strllss : .. ,lu ll . D Mil 

M.urt Trt o H. 2 f., 
'I. no, VIO". Cello 

AR TIST - TITLE 

StUY" Dn Jun, 0, 2. 
,..S 7&1) Ont .. Art. Tnrufie"rat lu 

0, 24 

a,msky Koru~o. 
Sc:helleuude. C,I 15 

OR MAND Y. [UG £fI 1: The "" tOYs Sound Of Chfist mU 

" Sill' 

loi S 114! 

MS6l65 

" S 6)61 

MS im MU~tC for arlin And MS illJ 
I rUS - Cltnlonu 01 Gabo el! 
And F,osc.bald, 

BOl lohodo AI Lo.eh r, SfltsUkOYlcfI Sym MI 5 MS &!I44 Bo" , Chlmb" COftC loi S 1111 
Slh lt us S1mDhof1r MS 111' No , I. [ M.", 0, l! 

MS nn IICl Orl an h untu 

MS 1114 • Fes" ,,1 Of F,ueh 
OrlUl Mu si c 

loi S 5111 

1015 UO I 

Tft< "or, 01 e. I".I, 

Histor iC Crlus CI Spa In 

MS lOTI 
Three Pieces "unlltrl l ieder 

I lrlok MUSIC for Shin, s 
Stru,nsk1 flrellird SU ite 

loIS 12l'6 

loi S 1101 1------------1 
Strn tnskt le Sl cre 
h Pnnhmu 

MS 1m 

Ira~mJ Vanat,oltS On • 
Thmt 8, Hard. 0, Silo 

lch l ~o'tSk1 haw lakt 
loi S 12. 0, 20 (hu" .. 

Tht Clor tl llS Sou,,; 
MS '4)1 ot Wa,nlr 

MS 54) 

Hlrl lC M~S I C ror Or,u, 
'rass And Percuss ion 

MS 1154 Cabrlell : Ca "IU U For Brass , W,II ' S, Stflfl l S 
Itnd Orl iln 

M51142 1 ____________ 1 attt..... 5ym No i 
MS 1362 In F ~. , O' 

,",S i15' 

MS "22 Handel Orlan Colturtos 

MS 1111 Baeh O. Th. P,III 
.hrpstc ho rd 

Monr' The MIUIC for 
MS 1111 Sol. Orr" 

MOlJrt - Fu tiu l SOltata.s 
MS i lll ror 0',,, And Ore ."I" 

MS i43! Sol" SOl Dou bl. 

MS iill 

MS 6104 

101 5 IllS 

Concertos for Two Oraus 

Th. 0,, 10 In S, . !! 
"nd Siund 

Hlstonc OrUnS 
01 1101, 

101 51114 

KS 1l&1 

SOulu tond\lcts 
DtltuU1 Vol 2 

aOUL£l. PIE U E 
Sou lei PIJ)S MHSI.1en 

aOULEZ PIIRR( 
80u f'l t,1 .. ' 

MS 1l1t 1oI .. ler 0 .. KI .... '. 
l,d $,m N, 10 

loi S Ull 

MSI36 ' 

Jo"J"n StrJIISS 
',ntut H,U 

Tthaillowsky's 'rulut 
IMs Volume 1 

S I ~t lt .a Clnt 11'1 0 
.1147 lOOi l Min lI:ut lt i Sw ttt 

H,sUrtc Ore aM Of rnnct MS 14. 
Roulez Con'ucts RUlltoun M 1001 5 

Sl lI eli Ys S1'" 
N. 2 1ft 0 Maj 

MS iUi 

loi S 1151 a III PI", allh 

MS " 11 

I" Ttlf' 1 "ornUIl , r ~ Ptt 

'np Coturrb • .I 8nn "no 
PPrCIISS,Dn l"umble 

M IOU! 

M 11193 

'hHI D2P~lt f And elliot 
Sw,ft No 2 

8 t'f . WOUfC~ 
S t r aw n' s ~) Prt rows "'ka 

"I I' _ 'lor ' P""",r,"DnIC 
StU'f IRl ", PrlrllS IH., 

M ]0651 

" ]1 

BtrltOl Ha ro ~ I. 11." 

ROSS '" I RU' I I~ 1 fllill 
f,"tu ""m ' ,stil t St. .. t, 
"",~erU., ' al lllnrs 

~Dur t faur COllcrrtos MS l S01 1,lu,", II M56151 

h l"t juns S,,,,,,,,,,,, ~ S .. n 
M}0061 No 3 I, t M,.., O. 11 

MS U 1. 

III ]0111 P.ru " C. II MS im 

" SiIt2 

Jolt lWl tlt',I" lrs S,I ,hlllu ,, $ n M 
Dt h't' ~ Syty ,. th 'I '1 SII,U C.,,. It. ,1,1111 h,lt 

PLUS THE ENTIRE COLUMBIA MASTERWORKS CATALOG AT THESE SPECIAL PRKES! 



PAGE .. 

Looking Glass 
Includtng. 

Brandv/ Don t It Make You Feel Good 
Jen,ny.Ly"ne ,fCalhe,- ,ne St reet One By One 

KE 31320' 

John ffid.auqhlin /devotion 
/ "",.,1,.4 4 

KZ 3156" 

/ l D~~,~LA1 
""~,t"'t" liI..I,IIo.,II,lI rl:f '1'1 JL G, .r, I 
'~1" 1'r-.1t.'AM.lnlE::.IOllt.,.rSf,,'f 11,1 f- "MyStIlI 

CRAZY HORSE 
AT CROOKED LAKE 

Incluchng 
Love Is Gone We Ride Do n t Keep Me 8urnlng 

Lady Soul Don I look Bat lo: 

KF 11710 

p.F. SLOAN 
Raised On 

Records 

EDGAR WINTER'S 
WHI fE TRASH - ROADWORK 

fEAI RINC 
JOH ~NY WINTER~JERRY LACROIX 

AND RICK DtRRINGER 
of ~ 1 • ~( 

1 4 £ H At,," Ar~: -HE 
p. • J.tl[ " 

TH LEMENT 

ARGENT 
ALL TOGETHER NOW 

The Hollies/ Distant Light 
onetucIInO 

Long CooI_InABIacI< Dre .. /L~. ' ve Led 
I.DOIc 'MIll We -"" GoI / Promsed Land 

Including. 
Hold Your Head Up I Keep On Rollin J Tragedy 

Be Mv Lover Be My Ftlend I Pure Love 

KE3095S' 

FROM SOCK HOP TO ROCK FESTIVAL: 
THE COLLEGE SCENE 

It seems as though th" co liege scene In th I 5 country 
IS begInning to mellow as ne ver before Poillo cally . 
for example. most college c ampuses are qUieter than 
ever Yesterday ' s poli ti c al radical has become a much 
more s ubdued part of the ' system" he once severely 
c nloclzed Coll .. ge students everywhere are becoming 
aware of the mselv .. s In a way thai dlSiongulshes them 
from others of the ir same kond 

Contempol ary mUS IC IS an Integral parI of IhlS new 
awarenpss on the college campus In the pas l 10 years 
th" mu" c ha. develop .. d Into a recognl zed and res 
pecl4'd m('dlum Today, r o k mUSIC IS undenIably a 
refl ec ll on of Ihe attltudos of lIs c reators and It s 
audlenc.e 

HAROLD MELVIN 
& THE BLUE NOTES 

'I· I 

IMISSYOU 

It.t.~.t 
DEllVIRIN' 

STANO! 

BACK STABBERS 
O'JAYS 

KZ 31712 

t" r,o • 

KAPT.KOPTER 
~~f (f~) 

TWIRLY BIRDS 
RANDYCAUFORNIA 

Inctudlllg 
Molh", And Child Reunion/OoyTlippe, 

"""nllo<><", ... I.nl Nobody/ThinglYotTo 

flY 
THE FAM!LY STONE 

A WHOLE NEW THING 

Nol long ago mUSIC on Ihpcollege c ampuswas In Ihe 
form of a sock - hop. then II was Ihe Friday nlghl 
hoolenanny , and more re( c nlly a fully amplIfied rock 
concert Through al l Ihese t hanges . Ihe college scene 
has establIShed a repulaloon as being the las t remaining 
VIable means of deve lopmenl for new and unknown 
arlists Chicago. The Mahavl shnu Orcheslra and Ihe 
Ne w A Iders of the Purpl e Sage " r e ('xampl es of groups 
Iha t hav~ csldblishpo Ihl'mselvps v ia th .. c ampus 
concert CIrcuit 

SLY AND THE FAMILY STONE DOROVIm'~ (1fillI1!D~:r 11m 
JI j.·,d '1.1. 

Collc'go radiO has also bl'com e well r eorganized In 
lis own rl ghl Tho lop 40 and "underground" FM 
s lalo ons ., (> Ioghtenlng up 10 Ih" pOlOt Ihal a r "cordlng 
by an unknowII group ,. almosl ""pOSSI bl e 10 gel 
played ColloqI' radl" ,tallllns have for th" m os t part 
b,·rn unaflN t,·o by Ih " Ir olld In many ar"as . campus 
, Idto on, aro Ih" primary ou tl ,,1 for fr ... " form pro 
qrr"'~1\1f t ddlo 

u' H,-" .~\. .. II I· I' ,", 

ChASJ: 
I:NNI:A 

'. 

K1310 '1/ 

Bul whal of Ih,· fulul 0) Whprf' ""II Ih" Irpnd , and 
las l", In mu,'C go f"lm hr'I'? HlndSlghl lells us Ihal 
mUSical In'nds happ"n firs t on the college campus 
So pprhdP~ th" tru ly pi 09 ' C'''iStVP mUSIC" o f tomo, r Ow 
IS Ihal wh ICh IS happl'nlng on campus loday 

BILL GRAHAM PRESENTS 'N SAN FRANCISCO 

f£MUAI NG 
CiA.NlANA GHATFfUl DEAD 

HOT TUN A MALO 
N[wnlQf ASOf 

T!-If PUFlPl r SAGE 
OUle" Sil V( R 

M[ S.~l NGHI SlRV1Cf 
II SAU[A UH fUlOAY 

TOWI R or POw tR 
COl 0 OLOOO 

,- "1\ ~ 71 

SPIRIT 
FEEDBACK 

ED CASSIDY 
JOHN LOCKE 

AND THE 
STA£HELY BROS. 

INCLUDING 
CHUm GIRLS 

CADILLAC COWBOYS 
EARTH SHAKER 

DARKNESS 
lYnCH 

Kris Krisloi£erson 
Border Lord REDBONE MESSAGE FROM A DRUM 

mcludlng 
Joue Lillie Cui Lo" Somebody Nobody Knowil 
When Shf" Wrong /Stagger Mounlam Tragedy 

-- --- ------

Epic 

• MONUMENT 

1'1 I 
Tt,.· ... N'I, t,U<,t'I'flU"jllNt.) (',j! Jtor ... 

t"l'I,hdr ( Wh(;f!Y"UC)O! 1r If I" 0111 MllllkPV 

Kl30815 · 

, '~'I_IJ~I~J~I_I()l]SJ~ THE 
I 

/ . "-"~f"'- c..,. 

-- Records Tapes • 
- -

HOLLYWOOD POMONA WE STWOOD COSTA MESA PANOAAMA CITY LONG BUCH TORRANCE SAN DIEGO· LAKEWOOD 
~ N ( , t.Ut" '1' II ~. u jj, '''S I,,,, .. 

-'HII/tIISI 11" 'til "~plilf' 511'( h. Jill hNltflll. Ins I I t ill' 11,. 411 1 tl~'fIt ... ~., /IIIf ,,,·,r "iHf h " KII "u' 'Nt '., . .. , , . , "ir, ' ''',uf tC""1fI1 SIItft . 1111 . ...... e 
" t ",. ,,, .,,' 

m 9716 11' 616 9416 mm5 114 548 9115 III 9911 m 9470 llJ 6111 114 111 51 0~ 6H 9119 

AI~ERSIDE ANAHEIM SUTA MOlliCA WOODLAND HILLS PASADUA WHITTIER PACIFIC IUCH. GRANADA HILLS CHULA VISTA' EL CaJON" 
lW'.fl""',1I m ~ 1, ...... ,\1 lll ~,\lh ~", .h' lH1! ',.If1. I,; SfS $ .. 1' l, ~~ 1SUI .'.tlltt Ih. ' 414 e"'HI \1 mil lIlt .. hi 'Ol ,tu he IIJf"lt~ "" 

.11, ' III' llet' 1/ •• ,,, W, I "UT Dt~t. , IC, I,IIII+' ftUf On._Hl lt 'JI~ ." 1"'" 114 611 9019 114 m 9710 194 9101 341 9114 4491111 943 9049 11 4 113 9551 m 9956 114 412 9514 114444 !!II 

SUNSHIN E SUPERMA ;~ 
WEAR YOUR LOVE LIKE HEAVEN 

M ELLOW YEl lOW HUROY GUROY M AN 

THERE'S A RIOT GO IN' ON 
SLY & THE FAMILY STONE 

irl<ludinu 
f ... ~, AIfIII'SPK" Cowboy, ' You Cllllllhl lllll Smihn 

~unnirl' A.,y'l .. N' H.ighl 

K[ 30~86' 

NGR1Nen I 
1+1 I 

including: I 
While Lies/SoM Fun/MoonTe .... 

Lost A _ lEnd UnkInd 

Z 31038' 

JEFF BECK GROUP 
inc luding ' 

GOIng Do wn tee Cream Cakes/De'lnllely 
TontghlI 118e SlaYing Here With 'You 

I Can t Give Back The Lo ... e I Feel For You 

" Itldinq 
Geclh;) 

E I c. lndt')f Pas.' 
8,l' Bye Lo'Jo 

~~:~f~ 
$.111')11(..od 

BrrdlJC Over 
TI Otlblcd 

Welter 

KCS 99 14 

Soec .. 1Iy PrICed ' -Record Set 

4.98 
LIST 

~)""""AI'IIII"'20""'~_ 
QuestIOnS 67 lord 66/lm A Man/!legrtwlgo 

c-.. MyWc>-ld/Mako ... Sn ... /25 Or 6 To ' 
Plus 26OIhe<. 

C4X 30865 A specia lly pnced 4·reco,d s et 

PAUL SIMON 
onchodonq 

Dloncan Molhel And CI>!d Rell""'" 
Pe:1cr like A River Congt:\luf.1hons 

MP And Juho Down By 1"", Schooly",d 

KC 30750 ' 

TEN YEARS AFTER 
A SPACE IN TIME 

including: 
One Ont, ... D.y./lWd _.,.IUncIe Jam 

I'd Love To C,,-Tile Wortd 
llaby Won't'tbJ Lei Me IIoc:k'N __ 

JOPUN IN CONCERT 
1flC~00g 
~ •• 0 1 My He .. ,,1 Sli<1Y11IHllI118 Down On Me 

Trv 1..h151 A l,.rnte 0 11 H;wde( 1 llallAnd C""1tIl 

THE WHEREHOUSE COLUMBIA/EPIC SUPPLEMENT 

UTIST - TlnE 
The 5 ••• of ~ ... - _- . -. -. -W-.-AT-----1 Simon a "rfunkel 

A_ 'RA •• 

&til. II f_r T. 
no II .. 

'iooIII. s ••• t & T .... 

'IIM. s ... t AM T .... 3 

.t .. ~ . $ ... 1 & Turs 

eLOOMFIUD, MI •• 

KC 315M 

Paul Simo n and Art Garfunkel 
are models fo r a ne w kind o f 
hero-the young. ~ ift ed and 

S.,., SlSl i .. cs Iltl blatantly orig ina l peo ple who 
- in their twe nties- es l.lblish 

thern~lves as big winners on 
the bas is o f th ei r l a /~ nt . TN Uft .... 11.,.. Of KG, • 

!liN '1"."" aN AI l",., 

•••••• T ... 

lit. T.....,i .. _ cs tln 

CS IH4 

no '''''1 Crollnt.iII ca II. 

CSt1 .. 

• ".. (UlliII •• ) 

f.IN, AI.", Ke31IM 

e .. A ....... 0,. ..... . TIl. 
ClIIU 

..... ... .., .... ___ 1 lI,a 
LIft".III ...... .. 
Fl ..... Utt 

Cruttst Mih 

C ... CA.O T.A .... T 
AUT .. O.IT1' 

UIIII' 

C_71 

." 

Clllm 

C~ i.... II U","I. ..11 CIl 3 .. 5 
V.I .... I. 11 . 111 . IV 

rt olumbl • 

@® co 

Sure. t hey wo rked h arel. But 
what does t ha t ge t most o f u s? 
They wo rked lo ng, too- lo n g 
bdo re an yone eve r h ea rd 
them. o r heard of th em . 

How they did it will p rob· 
a bl y ne ve r be kn o wn - th e 
f.ilures and the Hounde r ings 
- and the d e ta ils would pro b· 
a bl v be dull if un ea rth e d , 

UTIST - TInE 

COII.II, LaO .. A ... 

~Co'" CIII» 

,-f_.I_ C$ "'7 
S_ Of LI'I. AN H.tl Clf11l 

D1'LAII • • 0 • 

.1 .... 0. II.I~' en 141 

... DJlU cs ,n. 

TN f".w,,"liI ' 
... 171. C$ 17M 

n. TI ... 'N, an 
A'CMlli", ' CS ,_ 

• .. tN, Si .. of 
... trt-o cs till 

" Illill 11 all •• Ck " .... CS ". 

Mil"" 1\ .. ,1.11 •• CS " .. 

I •• WI.I., • .,.111 csa .. 

, .. .,Iu'. '''ttlit . IU lCS Ml3 

...... III.IIIJII .. lcaa" 

Solf ,.t .. lt C2XMIM 

Tlw MlthavlHhnu Orr.hoslra 
1'11111 Johll Mr.I.allghlin 

TIlt! Illnor Mnunllno FlollIll 
,"\111,1'''''' 

k1t '\'llul "1'1tl ~p 'il (\ \\'\ I lilt' ~"l" \'. ,l1 1 Rl t' 
.\ ll,r, .. q"l'll! !1~' I"Ul'~ ;\\\ I~t ).. 

IVh,," thr~ d id it is somelloinR 
el~ . and pub", kl ",wled~e. 

FlTSt of all . I hl'y did it in 
an oge tha I is produri nl( song 
wr ile rs and ,i lll( t: r~ ;lfld guitar . 
i,1S by the hund re.!. tl f Ihou 

ARnST - Tm[ 

JO~LlN. JANIS 

,.wI 
sand s. So S 1\: ( ; carne 011 1--__________ -1 
against t hc' su lfl'u k ind of 
nUlne ri la I rl(lfI, ,. ,1.111 I. ClltCl rt ' 2011" 

111'''0. LAUIIA 

T h ey IIIdde 11 g""1g up 
st r ea m againH the Irend . 
lI .rd rO<K wa~ In - and g"lIing 
louder. 1-------------1 

S ~ G werc (IU'CI I:\v wm· 
p ariso n . thq whi'prred . 
Whe the r ClU' of [ore,hought 
or sh eer lUlk Ihey disc/),ered 

£Ii AM no uu 
CHIt"i .. 

.... YIfIe TIR.Her.., 

that their cluirtness p"ic1 o ff ~---- -------1 
- people (all1(' in t loser , II only 
men tally , alld Iostcncel harder. 

Ckt n stllis btl flit 
.tI" 01 5 ... 1 

>\ nd nnce t hey rea lly listened . ~------_____ -I 
they werr h()oKed . 

1 heIT songs art' spellbind· 
ing. mind binding. hypnolic ~-----------I I 

MVLON W i, h a ll Iheir varie,y- and 
,hero: is • hUKe range of dy. 
nam ics in their mater ial-there ~-----------I I 
is a lways a sense of un ilY and 

pe~ce. n atu re anti si lence dnd r------------II 
perso n al thuug ht. 

It is a lmos l as i f they had .A"TANA 
set o ut 10 p rndute fin IV classics . r -----------I 
standa rds. master pieces 

UTiST - TInE 

D1'LAII . ... 

II .. lI .... i'" Ie .. 

.. ~ 0,1 •• '. ,,,.1111 Hits ., lItll 
"I, 11 

F' ••••• II THKA "' • • TIIK 

W.ili .. r. TIt CS BII floctri.in " __ 
Like Mi. 

... Cal h ... II CS .. 4 
T .. ".C .. At I." w,," 
hi',. •• t A.,...,.,. II All 

1M .. C .. ~ TIlt hwl. C .t . 
11M lilt n. Pilon 

I n,ok W. 'II All 10'01 C lim 
0 .. This Ius 

.... fri.lII. II 'I. 

''''. A •• AUTIFUL DAY 

11'1 A ... K.I.., 

n.l.. 011111, SI" I 
"7Ii •• 

.IO~L'" . 'A .. II 

I ClI Do. 01 ' l".,c 
Ihi.S "1 • • 1 , .... a! 

CI.,. 

CS 1. 

les .,.. 

ICS Mil 

csml 

bro. 

•• MOII All •• A .. FU .... L 

w .... "., lIH11ill. J &.II. CS IMI 

, .... " SIll, ..... .., 
AM n,.. 

Iri" 0", 
Tr_11II W,I., 

.,.ON, 'AUL 

I • ...., Willll AN 

cs IZtI 

CS PlI 

US IIUt 

KCSltU 

l' ,.'11 

CI .. 

ICS 1147 

C_I 

cae" 

PAGE 5 

5 .98 
LIST 

WEATHER REPORT 
I SING THE BODY ElECTRIC 

., I 
.J1'p- ,', 

ICC 3 \ 352· 

BLOOD 
SWEAT 

& TEARS 
GREATEST 

HITS 
Includtng. You v. ~ Me So Very Happy 

I Can I 0UI1 _ Go Down GamblIn 
HI ~Oe ·Ho Sometimes III W.ntet' And When I 0.. 

SplMong Wheell, .. , lIslen to Me 
I Love _ More T"." You. Eyet Know 
LUClel .. Mac Ev~ God _. lhe CIMId 

IC C 311 '0 

BOB 
DYLAN'S 

GREATEST 
HITS 

VOL.. 
oncJudong 

W1I~ 
00ft, llwtk TwICe 

hAll fllghl 
Lay l ady La, 

Stut:Io In_ Of 
_WIth 

n..Memp/MI 
_Agwo 

H Noo F",_ 

KG 31 1 20 

AWN DAVIES 
Daydo 

Includ'ng 
I'm lOI.'\"''''. 01 T""eJMo,'.'I'toc. 

rm Coono love You Too/P""obdlo Rood 

• 

K C 31469 ' 

EXPECTATIONS 
KEITH JARRETT 

-. 

K(O 31 610' ~ ,p.cl~lly prICed 2 record .. t 



We've got the Biggest 
and Best Country 

in the World. 
r Ih~ ..... 'UUkW I.tlltk 111.111 
I ~()''' .I\ \ 1I .~ 
I 

\\h~'lIllk' '''I''I\\ I ... (hll h4.' "II'4," 

.. 

--.. ( ..... ,I)"~l"","',,rt"' ........ ,~!io""'lh 
~ .. , 1\ .. f,...li.n, . . ... ~ ....... 'w ... 

... " .. ~, _ .. -

LYNN ANDERSON 
Llslt'o ToACountrv Sonq 

, 

. ."'-' 

_ ••. •• '~i.. 
hi t'. .. 

KC 316'7 

r- -

l"mJ lu,kcr/Dcila 1),lI',n 

• sperH,lIv rr J("(>d :'-IP 'ord ",Pt 

KG 31361 

MARTY] ROBBINS 
AU-TIME 

GREATEST 
HITS 

.-.c; 
n"",,"so 

OfV. WOMAN 

: ::8::: 
",. .. .... lff 

.. "'" 1 \f\o"l""L~ 

r 
George Jones 

and lammyWynelle 
Me And The F ... lody 

". 

.... ... ~ ... 

", '" 

Some_ To Give Myl.ve To 
JOHNNY PAYCHECK 11 

• • \ I 't 
. Ai • I 

K E 31 449 

KE 31321 

GEORGE 
JONES 

A specially "riced ' ·record set 

' ''Jr"'' R" PIUO'S 
'I.I.- II\H (.RF \l1·S I 1111 S 

KG 31 114 

Johnnl' Cash 
AMERICA 

.... , ~ I" .. :' 

L 
KC31S46 

TAMMY WYNETIE 
Bedlime Story 

KE 31285 

., The World Of 
Stonew-all Jackson 

His A.1I~Timl: Gre:aresc Hits 
~-..... "CkttN.....n ~ Wotl ... 1oo 

'-'<Io .. c...ototu ... .-... ... 
,-.... ..;.; ., ........ ........... " 

KG :J 1 4 11 

The World Of Thd Country Music People 
On Columbia and Epic Records «<~ .:, and Tapes 
Plus! All Columbia/ Epic Country albums at these special low prices. 

1I~~~Columbia 

• 
HOlLYWOOD 
WI • U Cit.", 

1ft" trhlnu 
fSJ-1211 

IUVERSIOE 

114·"3-MII 

ruooo, SWtA..T &. 
Nf:W !).lOOO 

oncludooq 
n In The FloOd So Long [h,e 

I Can t Mu\;e No IflI:l'flS lOuch Me Snow Queer 

KC 3 1780' 

DAVID CLAYTON"THOMAS 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

Including 
Yesterday s MusIC One MOle Time Ar ound 

Down Bound Train Me Prophet 
Bread 

KC 31700' 

ARGENT 
ALL TOGETHER NOW 

.ncludlng 
MOld Your Head Up ' Keep On Rolltn , T,aged., 

DtJ Mo; lover Be M y Frtend I Pur. Lo ve 

KC 31102 '~ 

Hisloric Live Concert 
AI The Forum 

including 
Sweel/nspirolion/ 

Where You Lead 
Sing A Sony/ 

Make Your Own 
KmdOr MusIC 

People 
Sloney End 
D,dn'IWe 

KC 31760 ';' 

BACK STABBERS CARLOS SANTANA 
O/JAYS BUDDY MILES! LIVE! 

" t, I 
t\<I(~ ';I 1,IOUt'. ) who ,\,1 ,",·11., 11, V\ , I .... 

T '.NoT Ct·, ~ w" .,IV" t I, 

•• 1,\, :H ' 
I < 

" ~ ! l .~, 

Boz '"''''C'''~~:;'.:J 
My Time 

n:1ud01v: 
DiMhFlo/F,_ForThe ~ 

FuII-t.ock_$l;de/Might_ToCry 
Old Time lowin' 

KC 31384' 

Ten Years After 
Rock & Roll Music to the World 

,ncluChng. 
Tomofro w I liSe Out Of Town Choo Choo Mama 

Rock & Ro ll Mu sIc To The World 
S1aoo1ng At The Station Coo vent IOn Pre\lenllon 

KC 31779' 

The :.-iollies/ Distilnt Light 
roclJoo\> 

Long Coo~Womon In" BIII<;I. Dr ... /U.1 ve Led 
Loa < Whet We .. GoI /"'nmosed Land 

'~'I-I]~ ~ 1-1 () lJS]~ 
III N 1M". N,II 
"tI,£lU Men 

114-121-1421 
INIHIIM 

1111 "OIlloflt 
.1 •• 11 

1IHUm. 

Record 
WESTWOOD 
'"S "ut,. 

IIIttr ."1 .... '''' 
41I-UI5 
IIOIICI 

11' 'Ht. 1Itttc ..... 
t .. WK' fr •• IM MIll 

314-111' 

COSlI MESA 
4111 111. II 

11 H41-1 II 5 
WOODUIID HILLS 

11111 , .. t ..... 
11M l.s.t. 
341-1214 

• 

a ~ivWon ' of ...... rfty EntwtolnlMftt COIp. 

Ta 
11111 ... , .... 
It M,.1I .. ,.. 

mUll 
Sill OliGO 

Ill) f t C.,.. 1.1 .. 

IIllI •• IM . , ., 
"ur tnt""" 
lillIS' 

CHULA VISTI 

Mussorgsky 
I Pictures 
[ at an Exhibition Eugene Ormandy 

Philadelphia 
Orchestra 

.LL THIS •• D THE ENTIRE 
CGL .... /EPIC/ ...... y'MONUMENT 

caU." .'SPEClAL ..... PRlCEL 



I' \'e 0111 HiI'd twite ill my 
life in l1ight-duhs. NOl from 
the joy of the "n~<ions_ R ath-
er, I guess. 'rom m y inabili ty 
II) .... dteh great artists a l the 
e nd of ca reers_ Sad ellds. 

Oll(e il W;t't a Illille singer 
who is still arou"d and trying 
10 make i [ /)~ ck . He shall reo 
mai" namcless. The nthcr time 
il happened in Los ,\l1grles. 
Fifteen years ago. 

I was then (I Itill lIlIl) of the 
opinion that Billie Holiday 
was one of the unmatched 
original si ngers- theTt' a ren't 
enough superlalives to d e-
scrihe Ihe d t'pth of her ex-
pr essio n . thc ahility to 

CECIL TAYLOR 
BUIU NEIDUNGER 

NEW YORK CITY R&B 
flATUIUNG, AIlCHlI '''PP, (LAIK TlllIIY. 

1I05W1LL IlUDD, 5TIVI LACEY, 
(HAIIUS o,wli, IIUY HIOOIN5. 

DlNNlS (HAIIUS 

4,98 
LIST 

5,98 
LIST 
~-------------, 

A","./I. I. 'i .. C HUt 

e leU1 

, ............. -'-1 cn .. 
At e-.-i. Mil' hnI I Alf II 

Ti .. lot CIlia 

CS'. 

'AD A .. D D'X'.LA .. D 

1111 "',ss., v.1. ,-n. s_ OfN .. Orl .... 
11111-'"7) 

C4L .. TIlt CoN.. 'u,. 

C~24 

m,. 

, .. ,.1 ... , .. ,. 
,.1 ... " 
1.0" Do, 

I." 04JI1I, V.,. 11-'" ell n ill" MIll''' '. S ••••• , CI,,", IltU-' ... ) ;".tllt Mlb 
IIIl 1HJs1I' v.1. Ill - n. ClL U LN, ,. SaI,. 
S_ If M"I •• 

CIL II , •• 11m Th C~," 

z.lItCOllO SlT 
TWO.EST.SllJAllI 

lIME BllJ8ECIt'S ClASSIC -:JAZZ GOES TO 
allEGE" a 'WZGOES TO JtMIICIllEGE" 
--'E T06ETIIR Filii THE FIRST TIME 

including: 
OutOl_./T .... The"' ... T, ... IBrv·._ 

Don'I WorTy ·Bout MelThe .. ~_TIIings 

ClL 11 

cu. 

eLm 

eLHH 

CS_ 

, 31712 

elllll 

, .. ".c~ 0' .... CSaM 

tI ''''il/Th CS .2 V,Il .. L .... 

Ull.' 

CIUII 
'III or. i .. , S_ 
II n. , •• IIIi .. 

communi( ,.te, (he influence I ~-----------i ~----------""'1I-----------i 
she has had 0" other singl'rs. 
The womall was ,I magnifi - aAYI., .'LII. 
cence. 

el .7I 

"A"D1' , 'OH" 

CII21I 

KG 11145 

.'110. CIIA.U. 011"0 
ALOIIMAIIO, .OM .. O 

Inilh ••. 
f·· 

Se"eral years ago, Sy Oli"er 
a nl1 I were invol\led ill a pmj· 
eCI called "The lory o( the 
Blues." While w e sie\'t~d 
Ihrough the thousands o( tJlues 
and related material , he toll1 
me this bit o ( magical history. 

" W e were doing a stage 
show in Ba ltimore with Bessie 

mith , I was with Jimmv 
Lunce ford Ih~n . We played a 
lot o f poHr betwee n ~hows 
and s h e usually sat ill . Anyway, I had a (OlleClioll 

of mos[ things she had r~ 
cord ed. ) had heard her in 
person in New York , ill hOllle 
duilli III H ,.rien •. III J>hiladel 
phia anti o lher tllW"" anti a l 
a few partic\ I w;" I'rivilegecl 
to altend . I was .• LIIl. A huff. 

.... , .... ~'. 

... IIIftI Mill 
CS 1114 lIiI" ... iI At cllm II •• Vii ... ! CS ... , O.~J " ••• 

(I ~. N." Wav. ) C 'IIU 

" We'd gouen the five-min-
ules-to-c urtain -ca ll alld were 
ca<hing in when RI'<sie said: 
'Walch me " walloOnc" loday.' 
NOlle o f us kne w whal she 
meant , hut ha lfway through 
the sh o w we I .. a rned_ 

I was Ii, illg in Ho ll ywood 
in 19',R. The hut jail tlu/) for 
,illl(t'" ;1I.tI nIT-he;" cum.cs wal 
the "alll -Carclc on Third 
S treet. Bill ie Holida)' was ap-
pearing. 01 (",.rse I wen\. 

I lookctl forwa rd to .' most 
pka~, '111 n'ght. I hadll 't (a ught 
H.lli(· ill ,. cOllple 01 )l'ars I 

11M. aMb 

.LA" • • • V.IE 

Tilt lintr·Soc 'u,. Of 

e ....... M,II 

el 1112 "i.1 lI i.ata 

es .141 I.I.P, 

e2S .. ' lIIilm .... 

Wlt~ Bobb, Hulch. rson 

CS ,. "1".011", WOODY 

cu,. 

es .. , '.'1'H, •••• ,. 
es_ T .. I.ssi. S.illl St.", hI. I 

" ." Ih.lI1klul I wc·nl. J.iSll'lIi llg .1-------------, 
tt> lI illil' "a, ,,1\\,.1), " IlIOI in~ 
l" I" r.e"u· H." 11.,11 ,"~III W,I, 
p ,,,,d ul. It "' 01' .d,n t he /.'" 
IItIU' I t \C.., \" \\ fwr 

I hI' ro" l11 \\'.1\ Idl"d ",,10 
,,1IIC'1 1I ,,1.c/.1\ lan\. I\ill" w;" 
. llIflO\lIU l 'd ,H ul "l ' ~ , lI l lu )illg. 
11"'1<' "' ,I\,, ' t til III " kll WIlle 
,,," t · ""'11 Hu( I hI ' h 1111 "nrl 
t - IU 1/ t 11111 . 1 II tI \ t \ Il (;1 III( 

1I .", u~h. \1 I.r" 
,><,,," h"" II" I.e 1;111 II"lIugi. 

flu 0P'"l1lg 1I1I11lIKI 1 1 'I ~ul.1 
It" "11(,. \cl I."",·dllllt, III 
'"l "tit thc '''II!.; . \tllI).; ~I,, 1 I" 
. 1 (11111 h"IOII , lilt '. ·II)lu lll\lIl l 
ht. -l '\. . 1\ t \( I I \\01 ... ( '. 'fItH' fOI 
~t IIUI .~ It" . .,)1111\ lu It' I.lll 
It) \,II .lf ,lit ",1\ dill II}!. . ))0\\ 11 
IlI il. \11.1 thl' ll Ih t' IIltrodur 
(' '' 11 III1 Il til\' 1I1IId tulle . I 
h. '('II't .• (h""ght .Ih"tll \\ h,1\ 
'c ,ng II \\ ,I' Hilil l " ,1\ 'IIUII).! 
". I I I ... . " I.llIII~ toll.oI "'Int 
I I I t 1'1 .~' 11 i "I: III hc. ,I",," . 

e1. ', " I"III1~" \'1111 ' h"" ,I" 
" .11 11 Ie .I Ill, ,I 11',,,.11 ,1,,\\ 111 ~ 
01, "" \111" i II~ do"" rht· 
\\ IId\ IH 'Lllllt 1I11I1t 1I1ICli \IIII 
~t l,h ,lhl. I IIC tII)1( ' , "I It 
h.l d h tlll'l' ', Id I/U II I ... li lt 
lilli, :': 111"1' 1'1" ,, 1 "" 11 01/,, · 
III ~I 'If 1".1 Ihe 'I' HI.III L., " Ill!!': 
!...I I I~ h i' III I \ IIjJ I I "I lit I 
lilt (1 11)1\ \ltd II" "IHIIII ... / l 
\\ I 'II j 1111 

1 IIIId \/ III ( ' 111'111 

GOODMAN, arNNY 

Clrltl" N!II bll 
Ctllc.rt, VII 1 

CI'JI'l lf H!II Jill 
CI.urt , Val 2 

C,r."'I, Ma ti JIll 
Ctturt, V'1. 1 

Th 1101 01 S. ' III 

UII ... II , III1I1DLL 

ItW V.I ... 

CL 114 

Cll15 

eL III 

MS II., 

OSL III 

ellI2l 

'wetm 

1I.If.rtili 

lIiI .. ,. , .. S~ 

r ill .. o. Kll i ... j". 
MillS Dnia' 
" .. Int Hits 

,. A Siltlt W., 

l itcli" .,.w 

Mil.. DIVI. At rill.". 
(T •• "c ... S,t) 

CS"" 

CS 1151 

T.. It"i. 5.i" SI.". ,., ... 2 

T ...... it $.i.-
StIIJ, Yel ... 3 

, ...... i. S. i" 
SI.". V.I ... 4 

T.. WWI'" " .. 1111 
IIH. Sill" 

CS ... AI, w .... '. II ... 

• T"iul. I. lac. I.ho... IC IOU! .... 1111..-" 
I"m" Wils 

MINGUS 
THE CANDID RECORDINGS 

"ATlIRINGl IRIC OOlPHY 
'"'OM 'VAUA'ILIAN STOIIMY WIA'HI. 

PHIL WOODS 
RIGHTS Of SWING 

.IATUIIING, CUII"S 'ULLlII , 
OSII JOHNSON SAH'I SHIH"I, 

JULIUS WATKINS, 'OMMY 'LANAGAN, 
IINNY ""llY, 'UDIn' CATLin, 
MICKIY IIOKIII ,W'LLII DINNIS 

LOCK '1M UP 

en2S 

cs IItt 

CLUI 

ell. 

CL 151 

CL '51 

, )1121' 

COLIM .. N, _NETTE 

$C''''Cf 'IChU ~e 'UI\ 

• 0"., TH.LO"'OU. 

lII il" & .... At " .. "" CI n1l MIltS Da,,, SUI.t And 
T~. T~.I.ni.us Monk lIII.rtol 

s ... II .... ts fl. 

cs a" 

M .... -SlniP!. lit Cum es ... , 

, .. , .. I ... _ ,s 
1"11111 II lb 

II ... '. 11m 

C 31111 JON ... O .. , 1I0 •• IIT 

C SIItl 

ClIm 

u ....... tI CI ... lc JtII Cl 1114 

K' .. 01 U. DIll. tlH' 'C 11114 II .. ,,.. ,,, .. II 

ABBEY LINCOLN 
STRAIGHT AHEAD 

" he'd finish ed a S<lng 3nl1 
was s ta nding at Ihe s ide o ( the 
stage, waiting (or the applause 
to die d o wn . Then, as she be-
Ran h er nexI numllt< , she 
seemed to be singing tn one 
man , sea tcd in the third or 
fourth row. Suddenly h .. ~tood 
up, slid 10 Ihe aisle a nd walked 
to Ihe fron l o f the hOIlSC, all 
the time sta ring tr"me-like al 
Bessie, who kept nil .inging. 
Then, as she walk ed along the 
footlig ht< 10 th e other s icle uf 
the s ta ge, the ilia n followcd 
until he reached Illc st(· . 

BESSIE SMITH 
NOBODY'S BLUES BUT MINE 

,1I,."tMll 
( 1I. · ~·." .. l fl"" 011" ." Vt Il . kl\v.~IIoI,,,n,.,, 
A ~ "l\ h-l, n .'''h r ... ·O.''~ 1 r" ,·ll n lk 1"4 · lJII~ " 

I~I · MI~rl ., lIl"'I AJ WIIOun ll~I . " 

" U.· walk,·d 111' th(' slair~ to 
Ihc spot when ' lIe"i(' "'lOeI . 
fnllnwed he r ~, she 11111"C'<I 
h;lck a crC1S~ Ih~ 'Iag(' 10 the 
uther SlCr~ , w~lkt'd down lilt·", 
In tIll' orfh('llra Ic\ c l. 111' Ihl' 
ai,le In his rnw, sliel back In 
hi< sra l allcl ~ ,II clown . 

"That wllma,, 's hlllcl had 
ill\t h YP"Ol i1ce! that ma" and 
·walkt·c1 · him al will . 

"Tht, ~OI1I{ ht, wa, ,i lll( i,, ~ 
\\"" . ~ III pi V Ikd IIhll'~ .''' 

.11m' Conn", 

" "'"pt y Ike! II ll1c"" 1\ nl1l y 
IIl1C ' III Iht· "IIlirc' rrcorrlrd 
,,",h "I I hc ' I\c '"it, 'Illi lil 

L:c fit' ' I\l' (WII 'C '(fI,d 5 1"~ elllllji l l\llIg IfiB n ·. "Idl n g' 11I,,, Ie ' IIC I .... · , ~_I"~~. !!' I I!,n 
ES!!! 

THE WHEREHOUSE COLUMBI EPIC SUPPLEMENT PAGE 9 

The Greal American 
.ullc feGl1 :~ Columbia • ---, 

Ral' COllllifl' 
1,,;/1 It,· \illg.'j', Andy Williams .. Love Theme From ;'The Godfather 

OJIGlNAl UUVlStON \OYND'.A(K . teO.OING 
Bob f O~\e rind r red fbb In onoclOI,on .... llh 

The ~'0CJ4'J (ompunr prt- .. ef ,1 
PETER NERO 

THE FIRST TIME EVER (I SAW YOUR FACE) 
JOHNNY 
MATHIS 
SONG 
SUNG 
BLUE mcludul9: 

WIthout You 
Imagine 

.. ~~~~~r42" 
(The Summer Knows) 
MacAr1hurPark 
Hurting Each Other 
EyerylhinglOwn 

L,za 

lohnnyCash 
AMERICA 

LlZA WITH A"Z" including A fOllt' .-I.t:(lill (. \ilf/l/'{(f~l) 
'II In I 
Who(~r, lhf'L'J\I\'/D,\(}(j, [). ty, I ~J d· ' 

DayByD.ly/Br.tn-r ly,Aif!,',,·A'I,t.n'N ,1·1' ,I 

a concert for television 
\1(IIIlnq 

UZA MINNELLI 
Love Theme From The GOdfatht!r 

Baby I m AWant You Hurting Each Other 
Never Can Sa.., Goodbye etlan 5 Song 

Everyt"ung I Own ~. A to', 

THE·MIDDLE·OF· 
WHOSE ROAD? 

On Sunday . Sepl(' mber 10th, 
Llza M.nnelll's own spec.a l 
" Spec.a l" wa5 aor!'d on NBC 
D. rected WIth ('normous skill and 
pol ish by Bob Fos5e and WIth a 
s co r e -- .nc lud.ng spec.al mat!'r 
lal -- tallored to L Iza by John 
K ander and F r ed Ebb ("Cabare t " 
composer and lyro c lst) MI 55 M, n 
ne ll, le t t he world know that 
whoeve r her moth I' w?s (Judy 
Who?) or her father (wh .eh M,n-
nell. 7 ) she .s a chrld who has 
he r own One of those that God . 
or some body anyway , seems to 
have bl essed 

The show was all about L,Zd 
A patter song on how to sppil h r 
name " My Ma mmy" rera.I.llng 
M'S5 Garland The opener. Say 
Y 5'" IS a gr!'at song from an E~b and K and('r flop , ' Scvf'nty 
Gor is , S('vf' nty " Thf' show may 
have d,('d aborning, but that ,or q 
bccam(' a standord that Sunday 
nIght " Say Yes ' ' s('C'ms to t o' 
what L.za M lnnl,ll, .~ all about 
aff.rmat. on and pn"rgy 

Okay , mayb, ~h(' c an ' t 10,,1 
for sllv • I rnlngs whll,. wa,>hll l'l 
d. s hes I,l(' he'r old lady us~d t" 
do and maybe hpr dane In9 Isn t 
yet qu.te up to her father's s tan 
dards lor b.g budgpt mU~l l. al .,. 
but s he put a brand n ('vpry SOf~g 

he sang E vpn Jamrs Thurbpr 5 
S t " By" old favo r .te s wc' t un p, -
Bye Blackbird," ~p('l'I'l('d to b,' 
long to he r 

And that's whatM.dtll l' of th.' 
Road .s all abou t Sure', slnq 
other pc·ople 's song~ III a • lCd' 
true vall. ' th"t dC'l lv, r s th,·ly' " 
Put a w pll arran9f'd o r ehr·s tl d 
behrnd you Jus t bp sur" thdt 
afte . you ' ve' tak ('n r,vprybody 
down that long, long l oad Ih l y 
know who wa s do.ng all the pOWI I 
drovlng 

Our loc al hIp gypsy hhl' l'I' od .. 
only flow through tea bags ) pI " 
m.ses th iS Sppcl al w ill b(' rpp( cit 
e d II so, catch It , tw for (' tr, 'V 
r name th(' Alcan HIghway afto ' l 
L,z a wo1h d Z 

RECORD BUFFS 
MinneapolIs 

Thp E lI'c lr If F ptu '>, J ~h 'r 
n('al Ih" Unl vl'r<'lty o f M,nr',' 

~o ta . ha., be'"n ,'vlr t('d fo. stag.ng 
d nude. I'l 0 1 d >olr 

ClI~ l on1(" 5 w • ( 0 (1 " , , ·d J fn" 
$<1 I I'CO' d of Ih" 11 c ho.n of Ih.· y 
d,.,,. obl'd on th c' I "<J ' o f tho , ~( r 

KC 31762 ' 

CONTEMPORARY 
ROOTS 
'1'11(' 111<>'" ICII ,,'.r Iel IIlUSIC,.lI} 
1\ ,I tUlhlotlll. (,OIlIClnpordry 
grlllll" th ,lt " <' I t II lIc e loc ked 
iliiO Iht' lllllit.l(lol1\ 0 1 roc k 
are no'" 'pn:-" ding out thei r 
,i,t,ll. k .l\illg Ihnruse~ a lld 
ha rs (nr j.lIlIlnili/: . for ill1pro, i-
.alion. fnr ,HI lib,. for free-
dUIlI 11 1 t·, I'rt·"iClII . 

We ,IH' "II hctl"1 o ff lor II . 
I he wdlls ,.rnlllld C n lumbia 

arc h"""clIlg luppil y these 
cia". rhc dl knowledged in-
no; atO rs ,<rc' w~l~in!; across 
Ihc' we 1(11111 (' mal in I(Teatcr 
Ilumhers. rhe crcative talents 
arc nndl11~ c h cering cfO\\d ill 
coffee h n us~s and ca mpus 
co nc en . Thert' IS J ,ense 01 
eX( lIt.' IIl (' IIt. ~l"\\ IlIU"( j, h 'IP 
pClllllg . Nohod) I, ,."klng 
qu t 'llom ,II >0 u I ",hcth"1 . l~l) ­
"'It· " .1 j,llI ,II mt or 1I0t. ") he 
( ,it rrion " thl' t,t/,"t. -I ht· 
IllU)I( Ilw, rna 1- ,' (.n' al mm.(. 
\1 "'" Ih.1t ," .I~~' IOU It't' l 
gr~at _ 

:-'Iil .. , 1),1\" h,,, 1111 ' 11 .111 c·, -
lIl lllg 11('" (ilr('(l ioll in ItIU"" 
fo r a gl' II<:1 atHIIi ~ xtr.loHiI 
l1 a rl . \ l.ll .dl'l. IIt'Jlwt';uher. 
.'!" lid a 1I1,'gllt' t (III (,lIo llgh fl' 
110w1I\'d 1I1" , ic i .• m to fill a 
" \\'101)\ " 'h" " 

Ch,orl,,' IIHci ).; 1 ,Ill', I h .. h,Il" 
wllh hOI "' C'~C'II'C' \ !HI 11111 
h .111\. \1101 R,II "'(\' I.,'" I ~ . 

'in don Ih t· lel{clld"T} 
('h ,,,l n \l1I 'JlIII .• "d tht 
'l'ardllng , tlIHOIl\l' PfIIJUal ()r 
Ill' lt l' < :OI(· IU .111 

1010" \Ic L.lIj.\hlin alld II", 
;\J..h ;"i~hllll Olchr\l'" " , .11 
o th "1 o f II, l' tI'('.lti,,' ~1I'lIp' 
who ilJ'i found .1 hUllll' Itt" t' . 
rh e, .".d .011 01 II,,· .lhU\I · .lIIcI 

"Ihe" hr.lcieci III sim ilar di -
lntlof1"i ;'Ill ' turl1ll1g tht· wo tid 
"I 11IU It .11 "ulld . poilltil1l; 
:rhc,.eI . ru lillg thc' '\t,lculllt· 
\\ .I)!UI1 , I( 10 ... , lht' H ,ld, th l"\ 
, II C hIJIII'~ . 

Il .... ,dill"" "t(lilcgItHI"I to 
t.cl l .th01H Ih(· ... l' ( ll'JII\l', (011 
tt·IIlI"".II' 1-\1'0111" ,11Iet "01 
IIlell till ll C',I( h ,11,,1 c" I I \ 1'1.1\(". 
I hn .' II ,,11111 d.utC' ," 111(1( 10 

to t hI' 11I1l0\' ,II iOIl' \ \\ . .t pr" 
O~III · 

rtCudinq 
~p'JerCI h,lIM; 

Fro:l' (1l~I·f·' 
c,,>ll E\IP,,, 1 hl ,( twi 
~<>r Of A F',{"Iw:h,M"" 

Bypl\l'PP-iclf " In 
1I,,'h.t..AUf , 

Country Music 
Peopl e 

CUUnlf\ nHnir i~ a 1I .ltlnn;!I 
~Iaplc, allr ,l(ting an e'.('1 
widtn .n~ auriicnc (' . \prradlng 
ill h~,e frllln the \nuth c rlllral 
, laleS , from ',ll h\ille. Ihe 
lewnd largc ' t Itc o nlillg «' r1ler 
ill the n ation Jl ome fo r Co 
IUl11hia ', Countn -"fu<l C Peo 
"Il' . fo r the great sounds of 
l"hlln v C .• h . Tamm~ W vn 
Ctl ( , LVlln '\nde rson . Far! 
Scruggs, Rav Pri (~ . ~1 .1rt~ 
R ohhim, l..1r! lIl.th , Th~ 
Chuck 'Va gon Gang anel 0 
man y Olher Kr('at nlllntn 
slars. 

CountrY'. Gre.t .. t Hits 
20 Gno.t"slan- 20 o...t HIts 

AI " Specla' Low _ 
I Wa,"Tht u ne 
JOHNNY CASH 

[ I PI$O 
M"MTY ROBBINS 

Relu~e Mc 
RAYPR!CE 

Man Wit,",'" PI.n 
CARlSMrTt1 

North To AI,", 
JOHNNY HOIITON 

Lln~ 81~ '" 800" 
JIM"'~ DEAN 

Rut it', all '1"itt' logot,./, It \ 
heen cOillillg tn this fr>1 , e ,H~ . 

1.onk iH Whill CIHItHr\ Ill"'" 
is . TI \ W"" n nut 01 c c' murre, 
nl d 'iclltti,h . Iri,h ,,,.d 1 "1(1,,11 

~nng't th ~1l "('rt' hrIHI~h!1 I(~ I! ~(l 
hi ll, of I , 'II1"",' t ' ,rgl lll .•. 
ho .II,", l , ,.n c! till (..""Iilla, 
11\ ",," ,,·It Ie" -I h(' \nll~' 
wtll' !>kll,kcl ",,10 ~ "1;11I IIlll 
,ic.t/ 11I1I11C '1Il'" tI.l' hi"" . Ih , 
l!1I 11 .. 1 I ) .Illd tuo l o n rrll~UHI"I 
.llld ill'I)lI,III II II ,d lo l o llll l!." 

1'lollu· , .. tt ' llIldIlH! 111111 lI,n l 
to "Ikt' ptHl.lhlt tqUljll1l l ' lIf 
''''01 111,' 11111 ,,,UIII" '" II" 

19~U\ to ru fli d li lt· hOl' do\\' "~ : 
t hl" ' .Ill t d "It 11l~"' . t fH ' ·' IW,1l1 
\t)I1l!,' . Rl'(nldill~ ~ l l· V. Tll ll n ,,' 
,ophi'lll ,IU'd III tht 1I t.'_'1 tin 
.Hk, BUI 11(11 IIllH h ( IHlUtn 
11IU'H h .I( I .1 'l'I \ 1III11l l d ;1\1(11 
"11" II"" C "l11c ' \\ "dd \" .• r 
II \\ /1111 nlUI ""UlIlhcIIH. I\ (,1111.1 

I ~O"th"IIIl'" "hll lIppl' l ( , I"'~ 

,lOoi wal~l'd to Ih( f. IlOt to lIla'f' 1-------------1 
t ('II s("I('ctlofl 

h.leI IOllk('eld"Wlllht' 1i ,,"'e, al 
tim "llIllt ) 1<,,"1,1 Iht'n"c1,," 
III .11111\ hilI." l , ,c,.tt,rt:d 
.11 "u .,,1 110, ~""d l I h,·, I" 
1L' l1cd til l ,u llOI" I ' e'.ltei mn~lh 
(O llllll \ I1tt"" D l\l'lnpcd ., 

t ,'~I C [.11 Ihe \lmpll' 1Ilt'lody. 
thc' Il\c·l, "",dt\ \ ncl (arned 
110,' IIII\' I(\t h,,,k hom(, Cll lln 
tn :11 11/ 1I •• dil lll l1.tl m"~1t kind 
III I"",,'et hd Ild~ i" the 50's . 

Co ow"" , Doll F ol . ·y , 2b , .lld 
" It WJ' Ju~t 0 l a l- ~ How d, ,! Wl' 
know 40 p('orlc' would s how up and 
qual Ify fo. d 1.-('(' .('co rd " 

MOST LPs AVAILABLE 
ON STEREO TAPES 
AND CASSETTES 

/),,, Ici / {,JlI' /1111,( II" rlt,,1'11 \ {"l/tI/11I 
f PateL'( . \/(((('/1 

I • AY ·.~r 

A 

': t 

KC Jir.?!' 

Tlil: 
"S(J" C:() () 
It's Twice As Good 

l~ ht" hl ''1 ' \, ,1\ III IlIlIOcfllC( 
".11",·/1 tn tht '''" nil ()f lilt' 
futllu' i~ 10 \\al~ 1I\lf) 'filIT 
r.1\ O liff' n '( ord "orc :111(' a.\.. 
III hrH illt · .oc·" Coll,m" '" 
" .,0" ri l'l1l,,,,,".rt Hili rt "C .' II 

c·, ,;~·, .. 01" d",i c""rI 'I".rel '" 
o rel th :lI t ~ 1t .·, .' \;"" 1\ /If 
~o\lTJ(I, .!lHI \fllltCn ,I IHI pur\ 
H'" Iht 1"1t·,,c' r in tIll' mill 
1110- of it' 1I,1tllr.ll c·",ir"n1TH'1I1 

Country Music 
People (Continued) 

R o.eman Cloone' and JO 
Stalfnrd ,ang countn hits . 
Patti Page made them ,.!., nd 
~a,h\llle grew. And gre .... . 
\ lid gr~w 

(UlIlltl\ rn1l\1C had lir c-It ~p 
pt.tI I h .. elIlC·'l lless. I hc sim 
pilot' I ht· down -tn eanh 
qUJII" II I Iht' "rill It stili h .IS 

I h~ "r1hlt"H~ . ''1'' 'IHead 
ill~ I II r!ltl ~rr>up, lik(' The 
IlIrc" " "d Pllt ll. :-':,Jsh'ille al· 
tfJlt' tht' ,"phism,lt l tl _inger, 
,'pl'c.lll to \UC h std'S ,t; Bob 

n"'''' ~.I\ ' ~ ,,\ Il\ 11 Ie " and iI 's 
"IHlll\Ill1111' "nh (flU lltly nlU-
". It ~rn '" ",ort' "'ph lltlcated 
, ' \t' 1\ .I,.\' t ' , b,l11 IIPci Rut Ihe 
Art)\\th ,.110 ulldc' .\lores the 
'ii;plu I II tht' (I)tlll(l \ mU'I( ficeTIl 

thl oI.llt·n lice Ix' tw"t' n blu(' 
g r,'" alld "Id IIm(' 11""ic o~~ 
I) "e h,lnet . " u!rIdem COlllllr\ 
nn thr li ther 

l\ul nwclt fit tOUnl f\ is 
h" (l H111I1~ the cI ()Il1 I11.11ll ,ouncl _ 
\ 11.\\ \t ', lPi .. lgU Iledlh e \en 

111\ II. tilt· '>lI lIth and \l ldllle 
\\ l,1 h .. t1 "' nll· thill~ hle the 
HI\( 0 1,I111hOle t' III Dallas o r 
til<' Chl( ,Il{o 1I .n1l Dan ce . Rill 
t.I\IC' h.1\ t· c h .lIlg('c! rh e , are 
11, .,,1, .• 11 """(, nnw r he 

\\ ' III'l'I",~ I."nhorel' till lun . 
,>" d"" the fahled (.' ,lIlcl Oi l' 
Opl \ II I , ."1,, r1k 

\ /.. \I" 1>.11 lid" IH '" .11 I' , ,, . 
!Il L:, IIUI (l' I L !I!!h tht'H. 1\ ,I 
I iI ,lIu,:r II I 't t)UIIU\ IIlll~i( ., Bu t 
tlH dl l lll~ l 1\ ,Iltl,ll f1f l\.~ nl0 r e 
"""1'1, th.11I C" C' I ' '',".g Old 
( ,11\ I(tl l ..... .. 11111 h,IIUI ... " n n H' 
I un\. 1111 'It ' <1 .1\, It ,l lnH))l 
t l, IITt", flul tll \I thlt R o \\ III 
;-". ,11\111. I c·nllc"." 

1 11.11, ,,1"'1\' (ulu."b. ,., 
( 11 111111\ \lml( P""pl, , lit' 

JOH Y 

Y I.AI"SAI ,lITI IN~ 'I I~Y AI"I. ,l~"l\t, 

, 'i"'/ii CUI'/' I' 
Ell L'IJ(liio/ 
/.11\ /.'.\,;(,/\ 

• Including 

PAYCHECK 
SOMEBODY 

LOVES 1F 
f)(' 11111' ) Ik .~·;C' IIII'I't ' 
{fie 11,1, (1/ 1".1'/1 
111.1 1/0,./1' 

L· ., 
---

Alief Cla~lng T .me Some'hln~ 10 Sf ag AbOul 
We Go Togetht"1 WP '1p Got Everything Bul lm'e 

A Perfecl Match I 

1.1 '/111 
I II r/I'i" I 1/1 

111/1( ' ( (1111 
1,,1111'(' ) /111 

ALL THIS AND THE ENTIRE 
Kf 31 '01 ' COLUMBI~/3~;IC/MONUMENT CATALOG AT SPECIAL SALE PRICES. 



Y 31532 

MENDELSSOHN 
The T,ro Con('/!rlu." for Two Piu1Io, alld OrcM.ffl'fl 

Arthllr (.o/d und RtllH.w Fi;da/e 
t"1IJ, ... "e Ormund)" 

rhe Phi/adelphil/ On.:he,,'rll 

RACHMANINOFF: 
SYMPHONIC 

DANCES 
[.\s~ 1.1..\ : I'\(~\ '\1:"0:1 "1\,\ 

THE PHILADELPHIA 
ORCHE TRA 

E GENE ORMANDY 

~ "~::;:~~ ' :;' ~;~'~. • a'f[J " " ," ....... ,- "''1 - ' ' I~ • ,. • ..... t. .. • t.. I • ~ .,'> ~ .;." : '~-~~.: ,~~"' " 
,,,. .. ' • I .. "'I:. I ::i-S- " -t"" " ~ 
, ',J' oJ' ,.1 .... 1f'J ,1 ~ ... " -=:! .~ 

Y31 246 

~ ~_~ MORIIU . C.\R\.Jt" 
IS:! ( \~ ... m"l" 
""""" El (,~ '\t. OR'1 \'\Tl\ 

1111 PilI! \IIH PIli' ORe Itt"t R,\ 
D" ( ,, /«);\( fit I (J '\(), t 1,\ ]) \ ll'\OR 

H)R I ttRH 1'1\ '\()~ 
"O/AR t /(,O'\O.R t () 1'\ t " \.I0R 

tOR til R H 1'1\ '\(~ 
II\( 11 / 111111'( 0'( I NIO 

MOtH Ml ( \ .... \U~ ... l ... 

ODYSSEY HISTORIC PERFORMANCES 
AT PREHISTORIC PRICES 

"THE GREAT COLUMBIA STEREO RECORDINGS" 

r 

"LEGENDARY 
PERFORMANCES" 

" ' 

y 3101 5 

PLUS THE ENTIRE (OlUMBIA ODYSSEY 
(ATAlOe AT THESE SPE(IAl PRI(ES! 

Y 31579 

Y 31533 

Chopin: 
Piano Concerto No.2 in F Minor 

liszt: 
Piano Concerto No.1 in E-Flat Major 

Charles Rosen 

Bra;loH'sk)'/Ormandy 
Chopin: 

Concerto No. I in E fJ.1inor 
Liszt: Todtentan .. 

The Philadelphia Orchestra 
···~ , ..• ,":.'l"~":"'$' 

~., ..•. ~ 
: v .,. -~,! 

@ CASADESUS/ORMANDY 
''''''''' D'INDY SYMPHONY ON 

~- A FRENCH MOUNTA IN AIR -~ FRANCK SYMPHONIC VARIATIONS 
THE PHllADEtPHIAORCHESTRA 

ARTIST - TITlE ARTIST - TInE ARTIST - TITlE ARTIST - TITlE ARTIST - TITlE ARTIST - TITLE ARTIST - TITlE 

12· .. ODYSSEY 
(MOIG AND STIllED) 

12 1111" SEUU, PHE 1211 D2U $[II1(IN , RUDOLF 12 llllil KIPNIS, I;OR Y 10111 
J Saints. 4 Sinners etc Bee1hoven: Tri o No. 4/ HarpslchDrd And ClavlChor(f 32·26 ODYSSEY 2 IIECOIIO SETS (MONO, • STUEO ) 

ROllSOH , 'AUL 
San, s 01 free Men 
SpirItuals 

Brahms TriO In C Mil Re Ita 

II "am WAlTER, BRUNO 
Mahler S)m No 

12 Ii ml H'~wLY,~f~N'AN AND l2 15 llil WALTER, BRUNO 
• • • Bra,ms S,,,, No . 
The flot le Sounds of 8a l l In C ~ nor 

YllOIOI SCHWEITlER, AUERT 
Albert Schwe1tler 
Plays Bach O,g.n Wo,ks 

Y 30111 COB iRMAN, MAX 
Corell" Twelve 
Too Sonatas. Op 4 

12 II Olll DOKTOR, 'AUL 12 II alii STRUH , DAVID Y 30ll! ~IRKPATRIC" , RALPH 
wo:lton : Concert HTnde mlth ; T'hal k o, s ~ y Cone In 0 MaJ Scarlatti : Sixty 
Schwanendreher f or Violin ~"Cl Orr" So 'atas. Vol I r-~~~~~-----------+~~~~~------------+'~~~~~~~~~~=+~~~~~~~~~'2~'I~a~21=1~~~~~~------31--11-0-,,-,~S~~.E~,~~L'~'I~cCo~ln~~R~uC(~El.~~-----Y-'O-'-'I~P-O~UlEN C ' fRANCIS 

OIND ~ ., • • > A Rwt.1 By P,e .. e B.,n" 

U 11 IU. LEHMANN, LOTH 
Sonas Of VI enna 

Schoenberg Vaughan 
William, 

12 ".171 SCHNEIDU QUINTET 
Wa ll / u of Old V I "nn~ SymphOflIf''ii of Hllon , Val. 8 

R'lharo S'rau~ & nanels Poulenc 
WALTER, BRUNO "03 1' "IU'URIC". RAlPH 

Schuben SYlflpnOl"l), No 8 
Betlhoven 5yrr No ~ 

121& 1111 OI STRUH , OAVID '30'" 
S be u'> CO"( ,n 0 M'!1 
Tnt' SW''1 01 luor1(1la 

Bach 
Brandenburg Concertos 

32111122 ;UITU AND BANJO II" 12l1li O'IU 12 111la. SCHIPPERS, THOMAS 32 '6 om ORMANOY , EUCENE Y 30490 WALTER BRUNO 
Mahl., Sym. No 5, 
KI ndertotenllEder Palestri na ' Masses and Motets 

lwentleth Century 
GUitar MUSIC 

The rabu lous rur tles M U<"'ior~ ~, ~, P lure' At p". f ( If S)'I"'I~hOn, 
At Tne Mel An ["~ Itlltlon ,~ S 

12 11 IOU COIUM.II , Mn 
5 Vivaldi The Four 

IIIUO'OULOS, DIIIIUI 
PrDkoflU' Romeo And Juliet 
B' II,t, OD . 6' (Excerpts) 

S .. 50n5, 00 8 

!2 111112 MITRO'DULOS , DIMITRI 12" 0214 VIENNA SUTE .PEU 
ORCHISTRA, THE 

Strauss Violin Con 

12 1111312 
Berlioz SymphoOie FantastlQue 
New York Ph l ltlalmoniC 

!2 15 1"4 

LOTIE 32 ,& Oll! 
f'aJen l'e tle Und 
ill Or Ner ll ebrr 

CASIClSUS, ROBER1 , 
GABI AND JEAN 

J S 8.111'1 Con, 

IIUSHOS, WIlli AM 
Copland Plano VIfIJl lons; 
Plano fantasy 

r 
II 1111" M ~Tc~O. P~OoUvll~.S " pD,l t~e'r" Rolue,~2 "am LIPATTT, DINU 

rom Sy~ No 6/,n 8 M:n , Op H BiCh Motart ReCit al 12 II.m H::,~~~;:,rr ~'o~IHO In 0 /oIl ~JOI 
.UOQUI IIIUSIC 12 11 0'., "MPH. lEAN "IRRI 12 II 0211 WALlER BRUNO 311& all2 WAlIIR, BRUNO 

Bee lhover- 9th Symphony ~~: I~r ~ar)delltCl 

lIPATT' OINU 
DLnu 'pal t P'ays 
r"e COOl" N i lie' 

32 Ii lOst MODUN ANO 12 Ii t1st IUIER II " 1111 
CDHIlMPORUY MUS IC BarDe, K'o" ,II. 1915 

E .. te no1 ed 'Io,cu i'tf'rm.t SOfl l S 
MASSII~S , Willi AM 31 "OISI MODERN AND 12 II list 

en." 5 I.e, P ano sonata COHTE M'DRU T MUSIC IOULr , SIR ADRIAN 12 11 DUI 
No . ' l902 1910) A Se(ond W nd f or Or,a n Tcn'l lI.ovs lI.y Specuculars 

II 11 .. 7. UICUONIC MU SIC 12 II 0111 ILUn, UT 31 11 tilt 

CASADESUS, ROBUT, 
Bee thoven [mOtror Conce rto 

32 II OJ,. 

II te OIl! 

, 30042 

WAlTIR BRUNO 
[sIU l 'toI dllrr' "'1' )~l'ttr 

HEISHER . LION 
G"Pg Co.,'PIt(' In A M n 
Ii "''''11.1''" C prt l 11'1 A 
H • f • P , 

SHll, CEORCE 
S. t'l,.bf'f· S~""Ptlj)l'Iy r. q 
., C M.) r 

Y 30491 ROOlINSKI , ARTUR 

, 30m 

Y 30661 COBIRMAN, MAl 
CDre1l1 Twe l/e 
ronef'r'. GroSSI OD b 

Y lO&&9 CASA OESUS, ROBERl 
I h' Compete 
Plano MII"c Of Raye l 

Y 101141 SHll , CEORC! Y 30670 NUrER BRUHO 
r n1 ~ o\ ) ~ y S~m D~Ofly N' 5 Brahms The rour 

11 r M,n,')r OD 64 S~mpl'lol'\les 

tf'p Fnu' S: nlo"'drn 
SY"'D~O" ,. 

Y lOO4S WALlER , BRUNO 
BI~/'Im Otf'r!u 

Y3l0144 

YI10'" Bach the Unaccompan ltd 
COnn:Has AM Pan/las 

'1_ SC HIPPER S, IHOMAS Y lt014 CASlLS, PABLO 
PFlI~ ,1.'1 A I ,}r~'!f.'r '41'-1· h ' Beelhoven : Complele M US IC 

Y 301147 WAl ItR BRUNO 
~rln'TI · ". r,Pf"'in 

PLEVIN ANORE 
)~11nl ',",,, lfj ~ PI)"V 

f or Ce 110 And PI.no 

AlTiST - TinE ~~ - I ~~ ~~==~~~~~ 
HElEN OO)GHER SUSAN WAT$()\I 01 IIIOW AIO MUIID 
.,,- TUOI( ITlaED ~ IalY ~. tIJ"e"h. CO""'ITI LIITI.G -'~~O, J .. ., 'e ... AnAY AIID orr· •• _ 

F ... aIWAY 
IHE NEW 1915 MUSiCAL Ben. Are Rln,ine f~ I'IOOU(I""'\(JP!OV"D" :::::::~ All. m · DUtil 

, ,"\ . BUS6\' n ..... Drum Son, 
~ ~ • BERISEY ~":~~ __ ' ::~~:~~::"ID TUCI OS ttll 

CABARET 

•
' . .. 

. -f'J 

JOSEPH I and JOHNNA LEVINE 

8 BOB: RAY 
THE TWO ANO ONLY 

BOB RAY 
EWOTT GOULDING 

"",~tw 
BOB ELOOTT and RAY GOl.It..OU«l 

' • JOSEPH HAROV ( 
00I'«1"1D, t-\. 

J _.-.-.. , 
'." .-.J WtulAM RtTMAN ,' ~ ~ ,. 
j--...... 'I l""""'9~e,. t ' 

T~~~~:OH 1 .. ~r 
8ENGERARD 

NANC:T MUll .m ClMlEII ... P1I11H11 
... ..-

• 
"ON THE TOWN" 

... c. 

Dean Jones 
[lall1eSlfllrh 

IlaliJala Barrte 

c .... ~!! 
COMEDY 

Parll '"~ Bess 
II.IIWAY AIID Off· 
'IUDIIAY 

CYPIY 

0' ttl1 

.UIIA AMI '~OIEII WOI' OS HI. 
Wark Twain Tonilht! 

... AOWAY AN. OH· 

..... WIT 
The S .. nd Of Wusic 

US 2t2t 

OIIIiNAl StuN' TIACI OS 2121 
HC ... ,M .. 

U'I Abner 
I .. UWAY AIID OFF· OS 2t2t 
' .. ADWAY 

Irm, la Douce 
OlAllA AND S'OKEN WORO OS 2t1f 

Ma,e 01 HII Holbrook 
In Mark Twain Tonilht! 

.IUDWAY AND OFF· OS 2t4I 
IIU'WAY 
Sout" PUlfic 

IROAIWAY aND OFF· KOS ttl 1 
... aDWAY 

Clmelot 

... AlWAY A.. Off· OS III. 

...... n 
Flft lln ', RainOow 

... Aown AM. OfF· .. S tilt 

... "WAY 
I C. n Cet It For Vau 
WDA lenl, 

... A .. AY .IID OH· 
•• AIWn 

Pins b~ N~ .. "'I(lt41: 
'''''"AY III. OfF· 
...... n 

Sh ... Bo.1 
iHiNAY iliD Off· 
... AIWAY 

lulie An~ Clral At 
Carnel e H. II 

.,..EnA 
nte Merry Widow 

1II0ADIIAY .HD OFf-
... ADWAY 
Kiss Me Kate 

nGADWAY .ND OH· 
1II0aoWlY 

Gentlemen Prefer Blondes 

osm. 

•• t22t 

iSH. 

OSIH1 

OS 21" 

OS 1111 

..... wn .ND OfF· as m. 

... AnAl 
Th. Most H'DDY rell. 

.. IIINAl SOUNI OS 1541 
TUCI IIC ... ,.I 

Tell ... Thlt You 
.-.llWe M" Juni. Moan 
..... wn AND S Itl. 
Off·'ROAOWAY 

l wa B, lwalO". CJS1 R, · 

, .. aown ANO " ,..15 
,FF-INOAlIIAY 

P.ul SIlls' SlolY Th,"" 

ORICINAl SOUND rRAC" S Its4! 
utile 811 Min 

.. GADWAY AND OFF SG ItSIO 
UOADWAY 

WIll Ro,eIS ' USA, 

IIOAOWAY AND OFF S ltHI 
'ROADWAY 

70 Clfls 70 

ra'AL U 1t74' 
rlddler On Ihe Rool 

ORIGINAL SOUND niCK S lt772 
IECONDIN; 
The Clownli 

DIIIINIl SOUND TUCK S 1115J I 
RlCORDINC 

Julie An~ Clfol At 
lIncoln C.-nl., 

LlUlY lin ITlUI 

.eeUlnllTalT 1111 .11 
Th. a..II.I,o", Of ,,, .. 1 

..... IT A •• 

. " .. _ .. " 
Thl AlMrrCln 
WUllctl Tho.ter 

IICUlllr.,," 
Rlcnord '.Its , 
Th. R"oIUII'" 

..... IIT." 
~Ich"_ .. "., 
Tilt Ul\i .. 

a ..... 

LS ,. 

Ul • 

THE WHEREHOUSE COLUMBIA/EPIC SUPPLEMENT 

At the beglnn,ng of the Broadway thea tre season 
1972 - 73, there IS th e usual pile ' up of produc ti ons 
scheduled Into New York houses In she r numbers 
(and the dollars they represent) the season 100 s lIke 
a smash. Or would except fo r the naggIng kn owl edge 
thal ,t atmost always dOb at the start of the spason 
The finIsh IS apt to cons,derably thlnnpd ou t 

For Instance, the show dOIng the be~t box off iCI' at 
thIS w .... long IS th reVIval of " Man of La Mancha,' 
a show WIth lIterary r oots ,n Cervantes and , mUSI C 
ally, the standard show mUSI( of th e century When ot 
was abornIng In the Goodspeed Opera Housc In East 
Haddam , Connecti cut , In 1964 Itwasglvpnllttl l"chance 
to succeed " Dated," Ihey sa Id " Old hat ," Ihey sa,d 
" Yesterday ', musIc" Too much pl ot Too fl'wlaughs 
And so forth They overlooked the pOInt thp show's 
enormous heart By now ,1 you hav.-.n't hl'ard " Th" 
ImpOSSIbl e Drcam " a hundred limes you haven' t been 
payIng attentIon Apparently Just an awlul lot of p<!opl l' 
r esponded to It, Identofled WIth I t Wh ,ch coul d ml'an 
that a lot 01 p!'opl e have a Dream whI ch sppms, for now 
anyway , almost ImpOSSible Or at least they admIre 
peopl e who have the nerve to go up agaInst the odds and 
.... sk f'very thlng That kInd of sent,ment wa s supposed 
to have gOnt' ou t, In thIS age of the antI hero Wa sn' t 
Ij? 

In the present reVIval at LIncoln Ccnter. nobody 
ac tualy died tryIng to get the performancc on But 
ot was closp enough The openIng nIght wa s a lIttle 
slow becaus f' the leading lady had bern thrown around 
so hard In rehear sa l she had to be taped together and 
thcn treated re latIvel y gently It dIdn' t look gl"ntl e 
from the audIence's pOInt 01 VIPW , ot look('d rough as 
hell The schrduled Sancho Panza had been clobber"d 
aitogeth('r and was played by an understudy That 's 
a 101 to buc up agaInst WIth amuSl c al that has played 
Its run already 

Thl'result standing ovat,on, rave r eVIews , another 
WIndmill down by QUixote Th e movI e - whI ch looks 
to be a killer 's comong In th,s fall At least that' s 
In the can and failIng a blackout or a break In the 
I II m · · nothlng can go wrong , Just goes to show how 
Inevotable an " I e" Dream can becom 

\1/ '-I1..r( .1,11 fltlllllru,u'n .lI_ 
1111'hu 1MI4J \11411 )I~r .. 

J L\I \'A BORS 
'J.\RI LY\ 1I0R \1-: 

\1.\\ OF L\ \1.\ \Clt\ 
'I~ I 'I.trrllt:! 

.1\( "( ;II .FORI) \_ ~JII,h" 
J{ 1('11 \ R I) It ( "I, R \_ ""' 1',111 .. 

'I.uldiok' "al", Ru" I t"""a,," I n 'Iil' ( I ,,,~ 
I~" iii t!<-I1II,'r 

( Hlldlll'wr: ".1U1 \\ ,' ''1011 

The Broadway Th eatre (that's a bUIldIng , not the 
whole Street of Broken Lightbulbs) IS beIng torn up 
and r evamped inSIde for yet another heIr 01 " Hair " 
Galt MacDerm ot (who wrot es every day ) Md " Ha or" 
Iyrocist Gerome ~agnl are teamed In a Jazzrock 
C& W · Erologyconsclous produc t Ion called " Dude" it 
IS rumored to have over frfty songs(l) and the seats 
In the old Broadway , New York's bigges t theatre , arc 
all re settled on varoous plateaus somewhat resemblIng 
a topographIcal map of swrtzerl and They center 
around a new stage, arena - fashion , wh, ch wll I be 
made 01 d,rt People seated In th e Alps sectIon WIll , 
we hope, get theIr money back If they are subjec t 
to nose bleeds 

Stephen Schwartz , who wrote the score for " God -
spell " and the Iyrocs for BernsteIn's " Mas s," IS 
back WIth " PIppIn," named after the chlel charac ter 
who IS an alIenated son 01 Charlemagne Bob Fosse 
of " Sweet Cha .... ty" lame , wil l direct 

John Kander and F rrd Ebb ( " Cabaret") have wrotten 
a score lor somethIng called " Tango Mogador ," whI ch 
Abe Bufrows IS dIrect Ing whil e he's not wrotlng the 
book for It. We' re told It has sompthlng to do - at 
least right now - -With the French Foreign LegIon 

And the greatest male Iynclst and compos!'r 
around, Stephen Sondhelm, IS comong In With a Hal 
Prrnce productIon of a mUSIcal based on tngmar 
Bergman's film " Smiles of A Summer NIght " Sond -
he,m , In case you've lost your mInd momentarily , 
was lyrrClst lor " Gypsy," " West Side Story " and 
composer · lyn c lst lor " Company ," " Follies " and 
more 

M eanwhde, over In Malaga, Spa In, where he now owns 
a IItlle VIlla appropnatoly named " La Mancha ," Dale 
Wauerman, who IS Ihe wnter who started all thiS 
QU iXOtIC dreamIng, hIS fInIshed a new SCript c al led 
" M on tpa rnasse " ThiS may not make you f.11 down 
until you take rn the add,t,onal facI that Ihe musIc IS 
comrng from Mi chael Legrand Watch out Here we go 
agaIn 

ARTIST - TInE 
UGADWAY AND OFF· 
.loaDWAY 

Spoon fillvllr Antholou 

BROADWAY AIID OFf. 
.. UDWAY 

In Wtute ."" 'Ica 
'ROADWAY AND OFF· 
.IUOWAY 

O~la"omlt 
'RGlOIIAY AND OrF· 
'RoaDWAY 

The K,n, And I 

C,nderell. 

DIETRICH. MARLINE 
Dietrich In london 

BROADWAY AND OFF· 
BROADWAY 

Sweet Ch."ly 
IIDIDWAY aND OFF· 
UGADWAY 

Marne 

UUDWAY AND OFF· 
UGADWAY 

r , d~ler On rhe Roof 

OS Zoll 

lOS 14Jt 

os 2111 

OS lS4I 

OS ttae 

lOS 2. 
lOS MIl 

OS ltll 

UDAOWAY AND OFF· 
nDIDWAY 

IDS lt2' 

rhe Aaale rree 

IROADWAY AND OFr· 
BRUDWAY 

South PJClfic 

ORICIHAl SOUND ruci OS Jilt 
IECO.OINU 

The Gr.~ Ulte 

nOAOWAY AMD OH· 
'IOIOWAY 

C,arce lot I 

a.IIINAl SOUND rUCK as n,. 
tECOlDlNe 

" .. OWAY AND orF· 
' .. AOWAY 

.OS IZIt 

"nr war l~ 
.IUDWAY INO OFf. 
.. OADWAY 

.OS 111. 

1/7$- A Nelf IIIUJ ical 
.ROAown AN' OFF 
.,0aDWAY 

TlJmes AI Sn 

OS sns 
OPIIIA • DUMA 

OS lU • 

HI ttl 
Weill : Di, Orei.roschenoper 

{l~e Three Penny Operal 

DUll. INI "OUN WOlD IH ttl 
Blecht On Brecht 

,,. .. ULZQ 
Weoll , MlhI,anny 

NSIETS 
MASTUWDllKI ITlIIO 

Ollila I •• 'NIIEII .... ....1 
W~O'I Afra id Of V,r, lni. 
Wolf (4 R.cord Sf1) 

llAilA "'. '''1111 .... In 111 H.ml.t (4 I.cord S.t) 
UGACY SIn MDiAURAl 

IOCUlilMurr Sf 1._1 
rhe ''''h Up""" 19a· l922 

OL SHOW AND SOU.D 
TUCK MOIAUIlAL 

... AnAY 1111 .f'· 
... AnAT .l •• 
Th. p. l.ma G.m. 

I .. AWAY IND Off· 
... Inn .Lll. 

lI'l Abner 
IRiN'f il' ,". 
... ANIf Ol tilt 

l .. lull.'s Itldblra 
AI Ig 

.IL SITS .... aUIlAL 

"111 .Il lt4 
lhe Mtd lum The h IU"o". (2 Reco,d SeI) 

,ullla a •• " •• u W ••• III 1M 
Sh •• Don J •• n In H. II 
(I," cord Sf!) 

lIallla aN •• PIIlEN ilL 111 
.... 

•••• 1 1011 •• r .... 's ."", 
{2," card ItIl 

I"AGE 11 

REX HARRISON 
.JULIE ANDREWS -:-
MY FAIR LADY 

Featu'IM, 
Don I R~1n on 

M~ PariCSe 
People 

You Are Woman 
IAm Man 

ltw!S"." 
Roller Skate R., 
Funny ClrI 
I d R~1herBfl 

81u~ OYf'1 You 
My M,n 

80S-3220 

M ')rt1/'CIS ' 
M"~IC M"l '1e'i~ 
:tl 1 ~,,'IOC';;" 
"r""m ' he~ f""' 

J\(I}II"IIK~II~\IIII \'''''"1 
\ 'II 11\ 1'1,(, 1'1'\111' 

l)ru4"" I " ... ( UfklP'''''' 
• nt.h ..... ' UK' 

\';IIIU .. II \t .. 'CrI:f1 h\ 
HI( HI \I 

.. n4\10W' .... lIl \1\' 
11. ... 11_14'1(".'., .. ~f __ .'., 

II • • ,. AI J If tH , \ 111111 
... ,1 I I \ ~IO" 

\ION I 'III \1" 
,11\'" II t lOll 

11111 \\11111""1 
Uth'l.h-4 tn '10'" \~I'I 
• \h.~ k.'" U., ,'\t~H1t1. 

• ,~ \lU"I"'"t\l\' 
( un .... tt .. nf III I ht ,'""h ... r .. 

'\I """II ,'·U'O 



KRIS KRISTOFFERSON 
THE SILVER TONGUFD 

DEVIL ANDI 

Kenny Lo!:.~i/l.'· 
with Jim ~/(!.\ .\i/la 

Sittin' /" 

C 31044 

STAND! 
SlY AND THE FAMilY STONE 

BN 26456 

JOHNNY'S 
GREATEST HITS 
J()f-N\N MATHIS 
Iochllliot 
""''''''tII,f_ ftlllotfwMotlS., 
_All 
~I"f'fw' 
_ $oA., Gob ..... 

CS 8634 

1 
\\,EI)NESIl~\\, 
~1()I~NIN(J. :~~\~1 

SI~1()N ,\ 
G~\ltF'lJNI(EI_ 

CS 9049 

DOCTOR HOOK AND THE 
MEDICINE SHOW 
DOCTOR HOOK 

KRIS KRiSt Of F D1SON 
ME AND BOBBY McGEE 

. , 

Z 30817 

E 30512 

PIJU It Uln .J r_~ ., ~. __ ... 

t 
=--:; 

. 

. 

•.. 

I ITtin "I' 
. , .. '.III.U 

~# 
Y 

CS 8009 

Ttumny\o; 
GfL'atCSt 
Hit" 
LlIlll1l\ 
\\\lk'n,' 
.n. '"J,,,~ 
I ', \ II It l I 
\1 'lIll1h_ '" '1 
\ ,.I, ,\ K .... I\ ,.,1', • 
\ ','1111 _' t O\. lt .. 1 

\ 11II"~1 \ 
~~ : ~II:I·;~~· I \~ 
\ " 1.,\1 111 t 

BN 26474 

C 30106 

/1/1.11111.",',,1 i,wlllfl I 
. 111t,/I/wlfi"y l ll (i 1I/llIlll/d .. 

Utr-/udlnll 
1 C'-II SHIt / He Tuuf'hed /!lie 

M nrfyThr ltlnrfU'" H""rl Jlntt_ 

CS 9710 

JOHHNYCASHAT 
SAN QUENTIN 

""' ....... .80y~Sue Wanted Men IW.,. ThtLIM 
S'."'vtleCltyJM SenOuenlln 

CS 9827 

Peter Nero 
Summer of '42 

LI'III' 
A "J,":,\011 

Rost' (lan/('II 
'""~"""'l 
Snowbod 

r oo The Good 
Tomes 
&c~~~~ 

M.1ket~ 
'mt. S~'t~~~~ 

--~---------------------- ---- --- ----~-~ '~'I-IJ~I~J~I-I ()!l~~ 
HOlllWOOO 
.... .. lie • .,.. 

"' .. . ' It 

Rd· Ta es 


