
Volume 17 Number 19 University of Ca lifornia, San Diego Friday, December 1, 1972 

Salk: Biological Metaphor McElroy Inauguration 

Jonas Salk d i cusses his new book 
UNFOLDI G wilh Ihe Triton 

M ark Siegel 
Few of u in college today .1(' old 

enough to remember the terror poliO 
drried acroH the world 
lona Sa lk has become a hOLJ,C'hold 

Imtitution in America. H i dev lopment 
of the Sa lk ant i-polio vaccin e in tlw early 
1950' was pa rI of a continuing ("hilin of 
man' ucces e5 vita l 10 overcoming 
many o f man' mo I ~eriou and 
r dt ast rophlc diseases. 

ince that tim e Dr. Sa lk has continued 
ba I cien ttflc research . In the past 
decade he has d evoted most of hiS time 
to establish ing and deve loping the Salk 
Instltul e fo r Bio logical tudie, housed in 
the triking bu ilding 10catE'd on a bluff 
overlooking the ocean, j u t acro~s th e 

o f think ing i invo lved. It wa, difficult 
for me to understand th is c1parly th rough 
your chapters. Could you te ll me what 
your general outline wa fo r thi~ hook' 

Salk : I d idn ' t have one, inasmuch as 
the book was composed after the fact. I 
had written on the su bjects contai ned in 
each of the chapters for a variety of 
occasion s. I th n pu t these together 
when I was invited to write a book fo r 
this series. It consists of a collection of 
thought s, which when assembled in a 
way to give them a wholeness and a 
connectiven ess, d eveloped in to thi~ 
form. This is a collection of though ts of a 
dozen yea rs. Perhaps understanding 
tha t, you ca n see my structure. To have a 
book w ith a structu r you have to have a 
pl an ah ead of time . That 's for an 
academic book. And thi s IS not. If I wC're 
to star t with biolog y and end up 
whereve r It has gonC', then I'd have to 
build up each seg mpnt and ~how ho\'. I 
got there. If you take th is book as a serip\ 
of ideas that are comf'quent, and related 

M<lrk Siegel and Cat hv M()rri~ 

" .. We challpnge you, wplcome you, 
and wish you the' best of luck" stated te-
phanle Harris, Chairperson of the Chan-
cellor's Advisor Council on Student Life 
and oncerns. Hpr messa~e was delivpr-
ed at the installation of William DaVid 
M cElroy as chancellor of the University 
of California at San Diego on Tuesday in 
Room 2722 of the Undergraduat 
cience Building at R vellp College. 
Ms. Harris outlined hi ~ r sponsibilrty 

to students in provid ing great Iv nepded 
funding Jnd faculty to Improvp the quali -
ty of education at LC D he al~o ca ll d 
for a qudpnt vain' (as a voting membC'r) 
111 both the administration and he 

cademlc Senate. 
BC'~innll1g thl' introdurtiollS I)('forr a 

crowd of some 250 people wa\ H. W. 
Menard, Chairman of the Aradpmir Sp-
natr, who welcomed Dr. Mcr.lroy .]~ 
chamellor on behalf of the facuhv. 'vh. 

roa d from Ih e n orthwe~ 1 bordE'r of ••. in hi book he views Biology as a William D. McElroy, insta lled as the 
fo u rlh Chance llor of UCSD on Tue -
da . 

UCSD. discipline with unifying po le ntial for 
A id e fro m hi re ea rch, Dr. a l k Ihe re lationships Ihal e xisl be twee n 

df'cided that it was time to call for a new man and o lhe r diverse disciplines. 
way o f approaching man 's problems; a Photos: e rna 
w ay of thinking u sing bi o lo gical in some w ay, it mea n that the rader, to 
mechani ms of regulation and contro l a some extent, has 10 do the re lating, and 
models for und rstanding th e b havior does so beca use of th repetit ion of the 
of man both as an individual and a theme. It 's more analogous to music or 
member of ociely. literature in the sense that it writes itse lf. 

With th is in mind, Dr. Sa lk collected a That's how I chose to write. The title 
number o f thought and p resented th em of the book just before it went 

Harris spoke n xt , voiCIng her concern 
for the chancellors responsibili ty to stu-
dents in providing more fundin~ and 
facu lty to improve the qualrty of edura 
t ion at UC D. he also railed for a stu-
dent voice and vo le in both the admrnl~ ­
trat ion and th Academic enate. D('an 
A. Watk ins, Chairman of th Board of 
Regents' noted that this in'.eqiturp 
marked two fi rst at UC D: the fir t tim(' in " Man Unfolding" (Harper & Row. 192 continued on page 8 

pages), as part of a continuing eri s _---------...:.....;;...-----!---=--':'"'"'-------~~---., 
entitled " World Perspect i ves" (Ruth Agents Se"lze Hash"lsh I" n Dorm Bust Anshen, edito r. Harper & Row). This is 
Dr. Sa lk's fir t book. It is intended to 
suggest ways o f using pcquired biolog ica l 
knowledge in app roaching ome of the 
vital social, psychological and ethical 
problems we face today. 

The TRITON TIMES contacted Dr. Salk, 
and he agreed to an intervi w. The 
interview was held Nov mber 21 at du k . 
It wa s a cri p clear ev ning that 
enh an ced th e atmosphere o f th e 
In tilu te as I waited for Dr. Salk. The 
photograph er and I were ushered inlO a 
spaciou and immacu late office where 
we mel Dr. Salk, and conduClpd th e 
inl rview. 

IT: I'd lik to ask you somp que~ tiom 
about your new book which jU\ t ca me 
oul. 

alk : I'd really like to int rv iew you 
about it. I hope that you can give me 
som indication as to what your im-
pression are so I can re pond to par-
ti ular apt of it. 

IT: My initial difficulty wa~ trying to 
under tand your introdu tory chapter . 

alk : M in ,or the one by the di tor? 
IT: Through the editor' in trodu lion I 

got a vague imp re ion of w hat the rie 
wa trying to accomp l i h . Your initia l 
chapt r all mpted to bring in an un-
d rstanding o f biologica l sci nces for th 
laym an, and introdu e h im to what kind 

Ear ly Wednesday evening 
a Revelle student wa s 
ar rested on two felon y 
cha rges in the Argo Hall 
dormitory for alleg d nar-
cotics transactions and the 
use of a minor for sale and 
distribu t ion of marijuana . 

The arrest was made in a 
thild floor room by G. 
Richard Briggs, an under-
cov e r agent from th e 
Bureau of Narcotic Enforce-
m ent , D epartm e nt of 
Ju stice for th e tat of 
Ca l i forn ia . Br igg w a~ 
assisted by thre unnam d 
agent in il ilegedl y con-
fi eating appro ximat Iy 
one-ha lf pound of Hashi h 
and other relilted affects. 
The tud nt wa relea ed at 
midnight, Wednesday, on 
his own r ognizance. H i 
charged w ith two felonie : 

On Thur day morning 
hief Ear l Torrens of the 

Univ r ity Poli to ld the 
IT that h didn ' t know 
about the arre t unt il after 
th incid nt. H ta ted that 
he had not p t d th 

Michael Sesma 
bust nor did he expect to 
be notified. " 1 don't expect 
an undercove r agen t to 
stop what he' doing while 
working undercover. I'm 
not surpri ed that he didn't 
no tify u ." Torrens al a 
stated that th e UniverSity 
police took no part in the 
activities of the fo ur agent 
who made the arre t and 
minimal search, " Th ci ty, 
count y, and tate offi cers 
have concurrent ju ri dic-
tion on ca mpu with th(' 
University po lrc ." Wh('n 
as ked of the ag r ement 
between count y o ff icer 
and the chool he aid the 
" gentleman 's agreement " 
is one wher the chool wi ll 
b notified if the po lrce Me 
coming on ampu if th 
opportunity pr ents itself. 

leo Malon , re iden t 
d an of Muir, omment d 
that he hop th eff ct of 
th bu twill b a po itive 
one on t h tud nt . 
" Th e stud nt , p clall 
th e f res hm n, e m to 

th ink that this campu i d 
haven for tho e who u e 
drug . I want the IUd nts 
to r alize that this IS not a 
sanctuary from the pol ire 
U e of marijuana and other 
drug i illegal and an!w 
prosecu t d. I talked With 
my house ad I or la~t night 
and I want them to make 
the re ident aware of the 
dangers of using and get-
t ing caught." Malone aid 
he was unawarp of the bu t 
unt il he was rnformed h 
Mary Pates, Rev('lIe olleg(' 
Re ident Dean . he al~o 
stated that no onp involved 
With th ~chool kne~ 
anythrng about the " raid" 
unt" after it wa 0\' ('( t 
p res time I(P- han pllor 
of , tudent ffa,,~ George 
M urphy, wa unavailabl 
fo r comment. 

Ri k Ba r, a \istant r 1-
d e nt dea n of R vl'lIe, 
report hi in olvement a~ 
the following: 

" t appr imatel 8 :10 
la 1 night , one of my Ra' 

continu d on pag(' 2 

Pro le.,to r d emoO't trating at 
Chan(ellor' inve litur(' on Tue .. -
da . 
thE' cere mon\' hi, hpi n hf'ld In d If ( u'e 
hall, and thl' first tlmp It n.l~ bN'rl held a 
an Acadrmlf. S natl' mp('trng HI' elt 
Ihat thl~ wmboli7pd thp maturrng cam-

ru~ ami rccogni/rd th. rii\ 111 'UI hed 
facl1lt~ al C I) 

harles J. Hi\( h, Prl' t(if'nt o· th 
nher~it\ of California, th 'n ro~e 10 pre-
~pnt .1 he,i, holt p oplf' m.l r a dif-
ference . H(' delin(,(j the \drIOU ro!l' a 
rhanrC'lIor mlJ~t Pr\P • Ollr Chan-
c 1I0r' ~t'r\ (' In C'\ I'r (one ei\ able 
car.lCltv-lrom (i \ plann r to budg('t 
pxpprt 0 fath.'r conlp"or-Jnd \'. 
thpv arc, hO\\ '\ Ir,Hi IS nit !Cill to \'. ha 

I ~ accompli~r d .. All of V\ hlch ma 
the ~elE'ction at .1 Ch.1ncpllor a crillc.1lh 
Important procp~s . It tdk(', a lot of par 

takrn~ work ,lnd it takp, time, but th 
proCE'SS paid off hand om('l\ in t ht 
chain' of Bill ~cflrO\ , probabl\ the he' 
pprson a\.1""hl(' In thE' ('ntire countr\ to 
head thl campu~" pon thC' cdlling for 
ward of Dr Mrflro\ for the Ime,tlture, 

~ome 40 membPr' of thp tuden! Radl 
ca l Coalition ro e and \\alk('d out ot t 
Ipcture hall and began ~elling In he ild 
JOlnrng hallw(l\~ . 

Before th(' ceremon\ it V\as deCIded 
that 50 seat would be re~er\ed for ~tu­
dents on a fir t come f"" ene ba~" 
and it \'..1 thes(' eat~ that \\;ere filled b\ 
the prOll' to" ftN the hall prote"', ,0 
,tud('nt~ be'an to march at the lrollt 01 
rh(' huilding car r\rng Ign anr! chilnting 
.,Io~am dpnounc in~ h.lnl ('lIor "-1r Elro\ 
a~e\l t ran'" III f'n\ltl\f' to <.tudent 

need~ ~upportrng \\.H rp,e,lrch on cam 
pu~. and r<'fu,rng to gl\(' "tulipnt \Ollng 
rm\er In admini,tr.lIhc CdrJCitle' 

In 'reaklng ,\ ith ,01lW oj tht' rrn-
t('\lor<, cii<,m,l\ \\',h C'xrr('<"C'ci \\ith h,l!-
«'lIor M rE lrC'\ ', rpfu,al to Iw,lf ,tudpn!, 
(omrldll1" .lnd ,H't on dl'mand, In pMtl 
cular, <,oml' WI r(' up,Pt .. lIh .l Lo 
'\ngC'k, T/Ill!" II1tN\ ie\\ \\ h('rl' h.1I1· 
("I' lior kElro\ '-tatPd, " Tht'rl .11 (' not 
C'nough qu,llilll'(. mrnorlt\ ,tudrnt<, to 
,1ttt'lld L '1O ." ,1I1d Il'lt Ih" II1di-
C.lt('d Ch.mrpllor ,1cFlrm ',IM at <om-
mltment to recrull ng mOr(' I111110ril\ ,tu -
denl'> to the amru 

The (PleIlH)ll\- U)IIlillUl'li I;Vlli lu lJ l 111-
tNrurtlon, hO~(,H'r .md ended \ Ith 

han ('lIor dlroy\ al ept,1I1(P <,pee h 
In which he rropo\('d \I ch.1ractemtl 

on tl nu('d on pJgl' 11 



Vacationtime M al 
Effective December 4, 1972, guest meal rate~ in the 
Main Dining Common~ will be reduced to: 
BREAKFA T $0.95 
CONTI E TAL BREAKFAST .70 
LUNCH 1.20 
01 ER 1.75 

CHRISTMAS Vacation Meal hours, 12-10-72 thru 1-5-
73 Main Dining Commons - Revelle, John MUir, Third -
CLOSED SNACK BARS 

COFFEE HUT, Revelle Campus: 7:30 a.m - 3:30 p.m. 
Monday thru Friday. Closed - Saturday, unday anci 
Holidays. 

NORTH SNACK BAR, Re'velle Commons - Clo~ed. 
RACH KELLER, John Muir College: 7:30 a.m. - 4'30 

p.m. Monday thru Friday. Closed - Saturday, unday 
Jnd Holidays. 

MATHEW NACK BAR, Third College - Closl'd. 
WI ZER SNACK BAR, chool of M edicine: 6:30 a.m. 

- 10:00 p.m. M onday thru Friday. 10:30 a.m. - 3.30 p.m. 
M onday thru Friday. Closed - Saturday, Sunday and 
Holidays. 

510 LU CH ROO"", crrpps Insti tute: 7: 00 a.m. - 4:00 
p.m. Monday thru Friday. Closed - Saturday, Sunday 
and Holidays. 

Free Exten Ion Class 
A change tn registration procedure for Muir and 

Revelle College students '<I.-Ishing to enroll in d Univer-
~i ty ExtPnsion cour~e will go into effeC'l for Winter 
Quarter classes. 

tudents from MUir ami Rl'velle chould r<'port to the 
downstairs classroom in BUilding 103-A Matthews Cam-
puc on Tu sday and Wf>orlPsday, Dec. 5 and 6 

o petition is neceSSdfY and courses will be aVdilablt' 
on a first-come, firsH('f\ ed bam. 

The new Winter Quarter catalog, "Explore," is now 
available free at the ['(ten ion office, 103 Matthews 
Campus. 

Third College students should c,)ntact R('n" R no in 
the Third CollC'ge Pro'vost', Office. 

Graduate students ~hould contact Tem Tracy in the 
Office of GraduatC' Stud('ng, 108 Matthf>w; Campus. 

Medical students should contact Ruth Johmon at the 
'v1ed chool. 

Friedman Was III 
Dr. Milton Friedman, sch('duled to give the' opening 

'v1,Jndeville Lecturp at UCSD last night, has bC'C'n take'n 
ill and has cancellpd all speaking engagements for the 
next several months. 

Co-sponsored by University of California Fxtension 
and Women's International League for Pea e and 
Freedom, the conference will meet from 9:30 a.m . until 
):30 p.m. in th e Humanities Library Auditorium on 
Revelle Campus at UCSD. a $10 registration fee wi ll 
include luncheon , and registrations will be accepted at 
the door. 

Dr. I ()I~ R. Ros, director of interdiSCiplinary se-
quenc s, Muir Coli ge, UCSD, will serve as coordina tor 
for the conference Dr. Mary Walshok, director of 
women's dnd daytime programs for University Exten-
sion , will welcome the group. 

Morning sessions will includp discus ions of the 
background of participants and how they work, in their 
re pective countri s, on such issues as education of 
children, status of women and social justice as a pre-
condition of peace. 

After lunch at Revelle Commons, the conference will 
move to th e International Cent r on campus for small 
group discussion~ with th(' Soviet viSitors. Severa l of the 
ovie t women speak English fluentl y. 
Soviet conferC' nce represe ntatives will be from man y 

different professions and from seve ral republin in the 
ovie t Union . 
They includ a mining engineer, min ister of pub lic 

('ducation, physician , tf'x ti le weaver, researcher in U, . 
studies, pol itic;] 1 writer, deputy of the Supreme Soviet 
of the U .. S. R., and member of the oviet Wom en's 
Committ ee. 

ational WI LFP members attending will include M arii 
Hasegawa, national president, and Dorothy Steff ns, 
executive director. 

Local participants wi ll include Dr. Walshok, Dr. Rose 
Somervi lle, Floren e tevens o f Del M ar, Barbara Filner, 
Helen Weil and Renate Bidly of Sa A Diego. 

Before the conferenct' i1 t UCSD, the oviet women 
will tour an Diego County and meet in private 
seminars. 

For rf'gist rat ion information the public may call 
Universi ty of California Extension at 453-2oo0,ext. 2061. 

Muir Student Killed 
Sherry l ee Bailey, a Muir sophomore from Canoga 

Park , was bicycling her way from her Del Mar residence 
to UCSD when she failed to completely negotiate a turn 
on North Torrey Pines Road, and ubsequently received 
a fatal head injury when she fell beneath a parked car 
on Wednesday. 

Where the Feet 
Meet th l "' urf_ 

Wilderness Studies 
at UCSD 

At the gates of th e forest, 
I the surprised man of the 

world is forced to leave his 
city estimates of great and 
small, wise and fooli sh. The 
knapsack of custom falls off 
his back wit h the first step 
he takes into these pre-
cincts. Here is sanctity 
which shames our re li -
gions, and reality wh ich dis-
credits our heroes. Here we 
find Nature to be the cir-
cumstance which dwarfs 
every other circumstanc , 
and judges like a god all 
men that come to her . 

-Emerson 

The wilderne s has dif-
ferent meanings for each of 
us. It is a for e ill our live , 
even as we see it fading. Yet 
rarely have there been any 
attempts to understand the 
wilderness on a humanistic 
or experiential and scho-
larly level. 

Last year, some students 
and faculty recognized the 
importance and the exci te-
ment of trying to under-
stand what Emerson and 
others understood about 
Nature and wilderness. 0 
for the past quarter, this 
group has been devel -
oping a course that will 
seek to expand our aware-
ness and knowledge of the 
wilderness and explore the 
relationship between man 
and the wilderness. 

Though the course hasn't 
been finally approved, it is 
being planned as an offer-
ing for spring quarter 
through thE' Con-
tem rt-

ment with the title of 
Wilderness Studies . The 
course will be based on 
shar ed wildcrnE'ss ex-
periences and will consist 
orgaf1fzationally of issues-
oriented-task groups and 
weekly lectures. Some of 
the areas that will be cov-
ered by task groups are 
Wilderness and the Media, 
Movement in Nature, 
Wilderness in American 
Literature, Experiencing the 
Wilderness, Naturalists Sys-
tems approaches to Wilder-
ness, Wilderness in Art, 
Wilderness in the Future, 
and Wilderness Ecology. 

Wil derness outings will 
be a part of every task 
force's design and a final 
project of the course will bE' 
a week long outing plan. 
ned for after the end of th 
quarter . Part of the pur-
pose of this outing will bp 
to share the information 
gathered by each of the 
task forces with the other 
people in the course . 

If you are interested in 
the course or in the imple-
mentation of a Wilderness 
Program at UCSD, come by 
the Students' Edu ational 
Change and Development 
Center and check it out. 
The Center has informa-
tion on Wilderness pro-
grams at other schools as 
well as here at UCSD and is 
located on the lower level 
at th e south end of Muir 
Commons. We 'd like to talk 
about your ideas and ours 
so drop by or call us at 
X2516. 

continued from page 1 
This article is a plea for help from the grounds informed me that he had having primary jurisdiction 

diviSion of the Physical Plant Derartment. HELP SAVE Just returned to his floor, and responsibility for law 
THE LAWN. and that 5 undercover enforcement on our cam-

The secret to prE'venting the lawn from becoming a agents had arrested one of pus, the Campus Police 
dlft path calls for the cooperation on the part of the dorm students at 7:00. I Department, was neither 
everyone. called the campus police to consulted or informed. 

Please use the wa lks - thf'y can take it; whereas the fin d 0 u t w hat was .. As to the arrest Itself, in 
lawns ca nnol. happening. The sergeant many ways I am not sur-

The turf is su ffering fr om bad com paction and excess on duty indicated he knew prised it happened . In fact, 
traffic. nothing about undercover I'm surprised i t didn 't 

Despite effort at aerification , fertilization, and treat- agents making an arrest. happen sooner. As we've 
mentwithpen tratingagents thetrdllic is rapidly taking "As the facts now said before, this campus is 
its toll. become clear, State Nar- not a sa nctuary. I hope 

We are not requesting that everyone stay completely cotics Officers arrested a students will learn from this 
011 the lawns; w only want them to simply avoid th student living in Argo Hall , experience that if they wish 
crea tion of unnecessary paths. sea rched his room, took to smoke or deal in drugs, 

L t ' allow the turf to su pply us with va luable oxygen. him to county jail , booked they should move off cam-
Let It live. him on 2 felony charges - pus , because in the 

!CORRECTION! without notifying the un- fishbowl that the dorms are, 
The Students' Educational Change and iversity at any time that they they will stick out a mile. 

had done this. As a staff " I would also urge all 
Developmt'nt Center apologizes for a mistake in member responsible for the students to fill out the 
last quarter's Course and Professor Evaluation Revelle Residence Hall s, I appl ication and join the 
publication: on page seven in the Humanities find it intolerable that one Center for Legal and Social 
section the synopsis at the bottom of Dr. Stroll's of my stu dents ca n be Services. Steve Pingree, of 
class was inadvertently switched with that of Dr, hustled from the halls in the Center, was primarily 

The 1972-73 series of lectures will now opC'n wi th The 
Honorable Harold Wilson, former Prim(' Minist('r of 
Gr at Brrtaln, at 8 p.m ., Tuesday, Ja n. 9, In the elSa dC'1 
Pndo In Balboa Park . Wrlson will b· follow('d by 
Washington columnist Jack Ander on on Frinay, Jan 12, 
and Sir Bel nard lOVI'II, Director of Great Brrtatn's 
Jodrell Bank ObsPrvalorv, on Thursday, F('bruary 15. 

A.lllertur('s arp fref> dnd open to the publiC 
Randel's class. All apologies. this manner, thrown into responsible for getting the 
'f,~===================:;U jail, leaving me totally in the student released on OR, II dark as to what has the alte rn ative being a 

happened. I find it just as night in jail and a heavy 
intolerable that the agency bail." US R Communicates 

"ine professional womC'n from the 50vi('t Union will 
Join a group of merkan wom('n on Saturday, Dpc 2, Jt 
UC<;O to discuss social issues import ant to women in 
bOlh the U.S. dnd U.S.S.R. 

0, en to the publi(, thp one-day conff'renc(' titlf>d 
'COl :municatlOg ammon Conc('rns If1 the Struggle 
for P,>ace and JL '(('," is the rf' su lt of long term effort \ 
to If lI tp SOVI!'t and American womf'n to di 5C lJ~S therr 
com non concerns. 

• A perlect explanation of Yab Yum Which is the 
perfE' c t place to buy stuff like antrques, beads , pottery , 

books candles. Jewelry, leather goods, paintings, 
toneware and u ensils for your kitchen Fall by and buy 

something Open most of the time until Christmas 
3780 MtSSlon Blvd tn old Mlsston Beach. 

Phone 488-35?1 "/fl[) "/Ui T 1 
Page 2 Triton Times Friday, December 1, 1972 
I 

20 Percent Off W ith This Ad 

Terrariums 
Hanglng Baskets 

Planting Supplies 
Colorful Pots 

1115 Wall St. La JoLLa 

desi nated the 

LEVIS MALE A -1 UNtQUE IMPULSE 

KENNINGTON BRATEN 

STRATFORD SQUARE 

1448 CruttiM 'De£ malt 
'Dee maJl, C~, 92014 
755-3557 

lOVE 'N' STUFF 

Guide for the Selective Grocery Shopper 
PRICE COMPARISON BREAKDOWN FOR SELECTIVE SHOPPERS 

Fedmart Food Basket 
.... ~ <O: ' ---e ---

Bradshaws Mayfair Alpha Beta Big Bear 

Meat (28%) 0 12.32 15 . 50 19.10 7_20 13 .10 36.50 

Dairy (10%) . 50 2_60 1.80 2_00 3 . 30 2 . 80 o 

Produce (7 %) 4.40 2.90 11.00 6.60 o 19.90 20 . 20 

Frozen (3%) 0 8.60 3.90 7.20 9 .90 15 _10 20 . 30 
Processed Fruits 
& Veg's (5%) 2.40 o _50 . 50 9.80 13 _ 20 14,10 

Cereals (7%) .70 o o o .40 7.10 10.40 

Staples (5%) 0 2_70 3.10 1.90 6.20 6.90 11.10 
Prepared 
Foods (20%) 0 1. 70 1.70 1. 50 8.40 14 .90 14.40 

Non-Foods (15%) 0 3.50 2.70 .70 8.90 13 _ 90 8 . 00 

TOTAL 0 4.47 5.44 5.87 5.99 11. 66 17.25 

Table entries are prices expressed as percentages above the lowest priced store in each category. 
Numbers in parentheses are percentages of average consumer supermarket spending in each categor y . 

A Calpirg News Release 

During the past several 
weeks, members of UCSD's 
Public Interest Resea rch 
Group working with Dr. 
Richard Schmalensee of th 
Ec onomics Department 
have been developing a 
price comparison of food 
stores. This is designed to 
inform consumers of price 
differences between food 
chains as well as price dif-
fe rences within stores of 
the same chain . It will also 
fo rce so-called " discount" 
stores to become more 
competitive in pricing. 

A pilot survey of nine 
North County food store 
has been conducted and 
analyzed , "This North 
County survey served two 
purposes," related Vince 
Schwent, one of the sur-
veyors, " It focused directly 
on stores which are in the 
ca mpus vicinity to show 
students which stores have 
lower prices and it gave us 
an opportunity to develop 
ou r t ech niques for later 
surveys." 

Based on price compari-
sons of 60 items in stores on 
November 17 and 18 the 
su rv y showed Fed Mart in 
Clairemont to be the lowest 
priced supermarket in the 
area. Fed Mart 's prices 

Registration for USB30~ OTht' CQurse code IS 
averaged 17.25 percent store for its significantly 64'1,5 
lower than Mayfair in La lower prices for people that Natl" ve Courses ' u. S Terrrtorial ExpanSion 
Jolla, the highest priced don't mind buying pollrvvs tndlanRpmovaland 

h · . h M f ' economy sl'zes of pro . 1 t' ProDlftm<." Confhct" Will co,pr le"'lorlal C am In t e survey. ay arr - RegistratIon or two I,J Ive " 
was competitive in c;lairy ducts. While admitting that American Studies course<; is "The Nallve American In I"pamlon 01 thl' LJ • dunng 

b 6 M f · d Bradshaws 24 11' 11 open. lehm'n Brl'ghtman, Contl'mr, Jry I'roblems" is thl' period 1630 · 1934 II Products ut W.lS 3 .S per- ay air an - a hid I b f UC Be k I ' dn<ioned to " Ive the siudent .. to(U"'S upon I I' n Ian cent higher in meat, light- hour po icy may e a rea- riginator 0 r I' ey s "" n I I 1930 Th I alive Ameri(.an Studies working knowledge of prob- Rl'mova A,,, 0 " .Ie 
Iy over 20 percent higher in son for thell' higher price b h tnms and I·"UO< laced by Ihn IOIcPo thC' r£-moval of all>,' 

h d th t eparlment , will e lear I. ng, " ~ > < Produce and frozen foods averages, t elf sta te a Natlvl' Amerlc'n today ThiS I\mNlrans rP'>ldln~ eJ\1 of Ihe h If 'U. S. Territorial ExpanSion a and between 10 and 15 per- although t ose stores 0 er olicy vs. Indian Removal and rnl"\1' will p"mlnp Ihp "v1lslISsrPPI R,wr , ,",I'll of lhl' 
cent higher in all other a legiti mate servi ce to peo- onflin" ,"oJ "Th,. "'ll ;VE' history of the Bureau ol tnd lan "v111\1'\IPPI by thl' fcderJI 
categorie s when com- pie who prefer the con- Amencan in (ontempOrdrl' Affairs and the U. 5 Public GOVl'fnmf'nt The wld!'\prl'ad 
pared to Fed Mart. venience of night shop- Hea lth ServICe as 1\ affects !'fll'm of the Indl;ln RI'":,oYdl 

Price s at thre e m ajo r ping,anyonewhoshopped puter . p r ogram for atlve Amerocans. Physical, \<t upon NallyI' Amer'c,,"' 
chains-Safewa y, Alph a at those stores during busi- ,a nal YZi ng the data for political, and SOCioeconomiC WIll be examined Th~ 

h Id ' ff ct future surveys The group 'spect' of tndlan re<erv"ions hl\lorrcdl. eftpc:rs 0 Beta, and Big Bear-we re ness ours wou ,Ill e e , . . a' , • 
b b · I h opes to begin county- WIll also be pre<;ented 10 thiS R!'(on-true tlon upon .11,,1' clustered within '1 percent e paying a su stan tla pre- . . along with urban AmProc·.lO~ ""II .IlIa b<' <ludlpd 

of each other, between 5.5 mium for a service which Wide comparison next cou rse , l E . Poticy \s d I h problpms ative Americans xpamlon , 
and 6.0 P rcent hl'gher than was not received . quarter an re ease t ere- tnci In R .. moval !nci ConflICt I . h ' pre5ePlly fare . The rplocatlon I ., 1 
Fed Mart's. Bradshaws, a 24- The totals were compiled su ts In t e ma jor area syslem and Indian education Thud Wt)fld IU,dl';,' 10~ , fT1('C'II 
hour store, was 11 .66 per- as a ratio of various cate- newspapers and teleVISion are also tOPltS Included If1 'he Monci,,) from 3,10, In Ht 1145 
cent higher than Fed Mart. gories such as produce, stat!on s. A~yone interest- cou rse Thl' fOUrH' roo!' " 6414 
Bradshaws, although much staples, etc. according to ed III spending a few hours " The Native American in If you MI' Inll'rC'ltC'd In 
higher than the other maJ'or the spending patterns of next quarter on thiS pro- Contemporary Society," Third SI):nlnl( up for Ihl'l(, cokurl"1 

h " k J'ect I'S asked to call X2943 World Stud ' It'S Course 103, '''X"If'r (';lrlv n"'l wr
n 

chains was still substan- consumers. T e mar et 
tially lower than Mayfair, basket " breakdown was for more information . Tuesda frolJ'1 3 to 5 in 
another 24-hour store. based on su rveys con-

Food Basket in Pacific ducted by the A & P super-
Beach was the lowest full market chain and the 
co n v en i e n c es t 0 r e, Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
averaging 4.47 percent For example, meats, poultry 
higher than Fed Mart-a land fish comprise 28 pe~­
full percentage point tower cent ~f consumer expen?l-

than Safeway, the next tures III supermarkets, darry 
lowest. 10 percent, non-foods 15 

Surveyors made a note percent and so on . 
that Fed Mart did not carry UCSD PIRG needs more 
a wide selection of brands surveyors and someone to 
and sizes, but suggested the help develop a simple com-

ROZAN'S 
BY THE Sf A 

OFF ERS 

50¢ 
Dinners 

every nile 
488-1822 

4343 Ocean BlVd 
at the foot 01 Grand 
Pacific Beach OPEN FOR LUNCH DAILY AT 11 :00 AM 

20% off for U o 1/2 lb. Hamburgers Plstrlml & Corned Seef Pizza & Spaghetti Torpedos & Strombolis 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 
Governor & Gene,see 

We take hone orders 
171 times a day. Smile away to Los Angeles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, and 
lonl! Beach . And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 

] 

BEER & WINE 
ALSO, ORDERS TO GO 

Del Mar 2 min. hom the Valley 

*22t2CARIvEL VALLEY 
ROAD 

2 00 AM Mon. Sot d~~' " '" ~, " ~~~~~ir~~====t2w;OO==PM==~S~UCn~~~~. , ::J • , 



trians the area defined 
above will be fenced during 
construction. The fenced 
area as well as pathways 
around that area are shown 
on the attached map. 

The temporary parking 
lot east of Muir 2A will 
remain in service and will 
be entered from a new en-
trance at its north end. Ad-
ditional parking space is 
available in the north Muir 
and south Revelle parking 
areas. 

Construction for Mandevill 

Any questions 
regarding parking shou Id 
be addressed to Mr. Wayne 
Rounds of Parking Ser-
vices, Extension 2626; any 
questions regarding the 
construction should be ad-
dressed to Mr. Steve 
Koonce of Architects and 
Engineers, Extension 1426. Center to Begin 

Construction of the 
Humanitie~ Building will 
commence early in the 
week of December 11,1972 
and will continue until its 
xpected completion in the 

fall of 1974. In addition, 
construction of the Stu-
dent Center, Step 1 ad-
jacent to the Mandeville 
Center is expected to start 
early in 1973 and will be 
completed in November of 

that year. It i therefore 
ne('essary to clpar the ites 
for these projects by 
December 11, 1972. 

The effe('t of this will be 
to close the Cluster Center 
area permanently to 
through vehicular traffic 
and parking. The area east 
of the Physical Education 
Building will be cleared; 
Old Highway 101 will be 
closed south of the ohn 

r 
CH 

Muir service road; Old 
Miramar Road will be The cooperation of the 
closed near the west end of University community in 
the parking spaces north of observing the posted signs 
the International Center; will be appreciated. 
Old Highway 101 will be 
closed north of the Revelle 
Access Road near Bonner 
Hall; and the temporary 
service road sou th of 
Building 26 will be closed. 

For protection of pedes-

Illustrated to the right are 
the pedestrian roads that 
should be used during the 
construction. 

The no-charge checking plan 
for frugal people. 

Here 's how Frugal Check works : 
You keep a minimum daily balance of $100 in your 

personal checking account, and you can write all the 
checks you want. For free. 

No service charge whatsoever. 
If your balance dips below $100, we 'll only charge 

you one dollar for that month. No matter how many 
checks you write . 

So you see, you will save money. 
With Frugal Check. 

ucso 
o 
~ VA IiOSPI'AL 

I.A JOlLA VilLAGE DR 

* 
HOlIOA~ 

INti 

UNITED TORREY PINES OFFICE S'rA7'ES 8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 
llT Arrrr.O~llT AT (714) 453-4483 

.l. ~~ ~ I ~ ~ C. E. " Gene" BAN'K Mercier, Manager 
Where everything start~ with )'00 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, December 1, 1972 

1/£Y[lU 

• 
~-o·--... 

(:I~~,"A L~() 
•• 4. ( .. 'I,--NI-T ~ 01-4-' 
f7nAT eLI) '"f)V1~§ 

Now Playing 
Sons Of The Desert 

(1933) 
Stan Laurel Oliver Hardy 

-Plus-
Blockheads 

(1938) 
Sta n Laurel Oliver Hardy 

December 8-14 
'I'm Singing in the rain. 

Singing in The Rain 
(1952) 

Gene Kell y Donald O 'Connor 
Debbie Reynolds 

-Plus-
An American In Paris 

(1951) 
Gene Kell y Leslie Caron 

O sca r Levant 

December 15-21 
The Treasure of 
the Sierra Madre 

(1948) 
Humphrey Bogart Walter Huston 

Tim Holt 

-Plus-
The Informer 

(1935) 
Preston Foster Victor McLaglen 

Wallace Ford 

December 22-28 
Tarzan, The Ape Man 

(1932) 
Johnny Weissmuller M aureen O 'Su llivan 

-Plus-
Boom Town 

(1938) 
Clark Gable Spencer Tracy 

Claudette Colbert 

December 29 - January 4 
Tarzan And His Mate 

(1934) 
Johnny W eissmu ller Maureen O'Sullivan 

-Plus-
Scaramouche 

(1948) 
Stewart Granger Eleanor Parker Janet Leigh 

I 

Sund, M,tinH I Student Discount 488-3353 

owest Prices In San Diego Histor 
2 nd Store Grand Opening Sunday Dec. 3 sale 12 noon to 12 midnight 

565-7711 4218 Convoy 

$5619 

flIYI\Ii3CD 
A-25 SPEAKERS . 

The OYNACO A-
25 speaker was 
top-rated in the 
most recent sur-
vey or the leading 
consumer publ ico-
tion. Said to be 
one of the most 
natural , uncolored 
speakers .with the 
smoothest of re-
sponse. 

-----

Koss Pro-4AA 
For exacting professional use - ideal 
for Ihe discerning music-lover. Gives 
smooth, fatigue-free response - 2 
octaves beyond ordinary dynamics. 
Rugged reliable improved driver. 
You get full range, uncolored stereo 
sound never before possible with 
dynamic head phones. 

List $6000 Only 
$3619 

Marantz 110 
Stero Tuner 

... ~ '.I.I.!.~ _~~ ~ 
- . ....... . 

Marantz Mod I 110 AM/FM Stereo tun r gives you 
Marantz uncompromised quality with these great 
features: Marantz-exclusive Gyro-Touch tu ning; Signal 
Strength Tuning Meter; Blackout Dial With Illuminated 
Function Indicator for AM, FM and STEREO; Advanced 
FET and IC Circuitry to give you years of trouble-free 
service, Four-Channel-Ready Quadradial Output ; 
Cold-Anodized Front Panel. 

List 
$17995 Now $11995 

SPECIAL 

1:1 " . . -

ADC-303A • ADC-303AX bh tit) ()C\~!) 

Save money on the uncompromised qualtly that made Marantz the most re- G d SL 958 
spected name in high-fidelity. Get the exciting MARANTZ model 2215 AM/FM a r r a r -
stereo receiver conservatily rated at 30 watts continuous RM power, plus a pair I Sh ure M 91 
of sophisticated 2~way ADC-303AX peaker systems (a lso top-rated in the 

$14995 
4995 

leadi ng consumer magazine) 
Garrard has engineered the best of its unique experience into this brilliant I 8 a 5 e & 0 US teo ve r 
automa tic transscription turntable, an int grated system for flawless tracking of 

695 ea. 
the most sensilive SHURE M91E HI-TRACK ELLEPTICAL Cartridge with superb 
reproduction of every musica l nuancE' . 

Syr Warranty on Spkrs. $39900 3yr Warranty on Marantz Total $11995 
'FREE' DRAWING Sound Company 

ev ry hour the following will be given away. 
Rules: 

No purchase neces ary Marantz 1200 amp-console 
& Marantz 20 tuner $1300-

Garrard SL-9SB & Shure M91 E cartridge $200 
AR X A manual turntable $9000 

Fill out address form at right 
& return it to: 

Koss PRO-4AA headphones $6000 
Sony TC-70 cassette recorder $7000 
ony TC-20 car stereo casette $12000 

and many other items 
Drawings every hour from 
2 p.m. til midnight 
SUNDAY DEC. 3, 
at 4218 Convo 

Word of mouth adver-
tisement has been our 
main method of be-
coming known. To ke p 
our pric low we Idom 
pay for this typ of ad, and 
w would appr ciate your 
preading th word for u 

Thank au. 

Sound Co. 
4218 Convoy 
4701 College Ave. 

565-7711 
)82-4148 

............................. -~- ....•..••..••.• -..... 

.c. .0. V' b \t mner m J t c pre nt. 

\ddrl"~ _ 



I 

triton tiIlles 
I University of Cillfornii, Sin Dieso b JOlli, Cilifornii 92037 
. . (7~4) 4S~-2000, ext. 1016, Ad"ertising ext.l017, 453-8722 

Camy S~arlck, Edllor-rn-Chlef M'lchael G . B ' M reene, usrness anilger 
Th~ .edilorials expres ed .below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other 
op'nlom e.pres. ed on this pa~e are those of the authors whose names appear in the b lines and 
do n?t n'l!c~ssar!'y rell.ectthe views of t~e TRtTON TtMES. Anyone desiring to submit maierial 10 be 
pubhshe<l rn th, secloon hould send It to the Editorial Director TRITON TIMES 117 BI k H II 
Revelle (i1mpus, UCSD. " a e a, 

Too often students complain thaI 
they are powerless against large, 
corporate interests or large-scale 
problems like pollution or dis-
crimination. Though they can name 
a thousand problems which should 
be dealt with, they claim they are 
prevented from bringing about any 
real changes. 

But now that excuse is in-
defensible. Now a student organiza-
tion exists on campus which is effec-
tively dealing with consumer ripoffs, 
land development and unrespon-
sive government agencies. 

UCSD's Public Interest Research 
Group is an outstanding vehicle to 
unite the energy of both faculty and 
students to work on the problems we 
all face today. UCSD-PIRG is a total-
ly student-run , student-financed 
group which will work on problems 
all students face. 

In today's issue of the TRITON 
TIMES there is an article giving the 
results of one of the latest UCSD-
PIRG projects: a consumer price 
survey. It is a good example of what 
UCSD-PIRG is all about. The prob-

lem is common to all students: the 
high price of food. The method of 
working on the problem is to unite 
the students and faculty; faculty 
members give both advice and class 
credit for students w;'o are working 
on the project. 

This week all students received a 
UCSD-PIRG interest questionnaire 
in the mall. The letter not only ex-
plained why this organization is 
effective but it asked that concern-
ed students complete and return the 
questionnaire. 

The TRITON TIMES urges that all 
students read this mailing carefully 
and determine the worthiness of this 
group. If you are truly concerned 
about the problems we all face, the 
TRITON TIMES urges you to fill out 
the questionnaire and become in-
VOlved in this winter 's activities. 

The time has come to drop the 
rhetoric and begin working to im-
prove our community . Support 
UCSD-PIRG by returning the ques-
tionnaire, and join this constructive 
organization . 

II Let's Go Get Stoned"? 
Wednesday night's 'dope-bust' at 

Argo Hall , brings to light the serious 
consequences that can occur when 
a student is violating the law. 

About a month ago, a fire alarm 
was pulled in the Muir Dormitor ies. 
The fire department and the San 
DIego Police Department responded 
to the call . In an effort to evacuate 
the dormitories the San Diego Police 
walked the halls, ordering people to 
leave the building. At one pOint an 
officer stopped at a door where he 
believed marijuana was being used. 
He ordered an RA to open the door 
under threat of arrest. The RA 
refused. OutSide of the dormitor ies 
Cleo Malone and several of the of-
fIcers discussed the situation. The 
Police believed that marijuana 
smoking was occurlng in the dorm:; 
and VOiced a desire to search the 

This Issue marks the end of an 
era. Chuck Graham , our Copy 
Editor, is graduating at the end of 
this quarter . He has been Copy 
Editor for more than three years. 
Throughout this time he has been a 
sincere, conscientious worker, and a 
Vital link in the TRITON TIMES. 

We're going to miss him. He has 

dormitories. After more discussion 
they decided not to do so . After this 
inCident , reSidents in all the dor -
mitories were warned that the 
University was not a sanctuary and 
that they would be held legally 
responsible for any of their actions . 

The Resident Deans and the RA's 
have made every effort to warn 
students that drug infractions are 
liable to arrest, expulsion and 
prosecution . But it is up to the in-
dividual'S involved to exercise cau-
tion in their activities. 

The precedent has now been set, 
and future arrests are quite probable 
to occur. This is the first time in the 
history of UCSD that State Narcotic 
Agent s have come on campus to 
make an arrest. Let's hope it's the 
last ... 

been one of those that made 
work ing for the TRITON TIMES I 
tolerable no matter what the condi-
tions. 

We salute Chuck for all that he has 
done for this paper. We wish him the 
best of luck and continued success 
in his academic career. Vaya con 
Dios .! 

,.,I/'","'~"\ n;l ''''N'/' tri ton ti mes 
lint j. m't TI"I" ~ ,j( (., t I 'nlf ~, • 
,,, d . ,. ,1"hI ..,f,l, ~ I,.., H·dd, f \lo/r ~ff ' JW\l/'1J f "JIJR"'n " 
rtfll"rr "" Inrr .11 ylt it lfln" 
J(' Inl/'J' It( "flO J I" If'/ t"lnJc/ .. h"·/fTI" 

,tt IfH t'· 

Editor-in-Chief Cdmy Shar ick 
Ci ty Editor Cam e Ri ckey 
M al aging Editor l1avici Burhbinder 
Con Editor Chuck Graha m 
Bus nl' IS M anagt'r 'VIlcha£'1 Grppnp 
Edit·jrial Director ........ MJrk Siegel 
Art· Editor Tom Lindberg 
Sports Editor Mrrhar>1 Ral h 
Phc 'oe'''rhv rditor .. Jop [illtprn 
Sec etary Com'n!' ('0(;;' 
Ass'ldate City Editor~ Tommy Cal,m!'p 

Ass . Business Mgr. 
Ass . l ditorial Dir. 
Ass. Sports Editor 

Rick Drom 
M ichael Sesma 
Michael Wyer 
Cath y Morm 

Mark lt ska 

News Department 
Hannah Cohen 
Jonl Garwood 

• Larr y Deckel 
li la Heikoff 
Greg Hicks 
K" thy Klu,ek (dThy Morm 

Grp~ Mr)~cr 
J"d~ " .. va~w 
Copy RNder~ 
Karrn Cr., k 
Drbbv MOnll\orn\',y 
Arllsts (orky M. ('de dI 
.>porls Olc'parlmenl 
Chc'ryl fiIIo II 
John [C· I C'VI{ , 
Davr Ph il li ps 
Pdt 'I" Cy 
Mark Young 
Photographers 
Ddryl Aml ler 

SIeve Harper 
John Ma xw II 
Arts Department 
Glen Gentle 
Charles Hyde 
Grpg Leonard 
Charles Unkplpll 
Brandon Wa nrlN 
Production 
Jim (,harlry 
['nd.] Clark 
Ch"rI ,P f\P lmlpr 
Cindy M,l Y'" 
Mif hapi ~elmd 
Tho", TT I laffPrI 
who r nJOY SlaYing 
up and working all 
nlghl 
Business Department 
Chrryl Ellioll 
Kathy Hopkins 
Nancy Mancino 

rI ... . TRITON "ME~ i ~ ollid~ lI y ~e«Jgnil~d al. a studt'nt n wspapt'r by the Com-
mUnI( dtlOn\ 1I0drrl 01 th .. UniversIty of ~hlornla, San Oil'go, Building 250 Malthew\ 
Campm, Ld lolld, C.lilorni. 92037. Publi.ation il Iwile wl· .. kly on Tuesdays :nd Frid~y5 
011,,(,1 d.(' lo .. lt'd in room 11 7, Blake Hall, on tht' Rl.'Velle ampul. For i1dvertisin~ 
phon .. 453-8722,0' 451-2000, X lOt7; lor .. <lito.i.1 or n"wI phonic' X 1016. 

Page 6 Triton Times December 1, 1972 

Reply to the Criticisms of the 
Radical Coalition 

Reinhard Lettau 
During a rally on Nov. 15, sponsored 

by the Radical Coalition, charges were 
macfe against me (reported in TT, Nov. 17 
and NORTH STAR, Nov. 2()). 

I was criticized mainly for acting in-
dividually rather than collectively, there-
by allowing the administration to per-
secu te me. The absurd impli cation (con-
tradicted more than once in the past) is: 
that th e local de facto prosecutor 
Murphy would not have singled me out 
if the action had been co! lec ti ve . 

I was further critici7ed because my 
"i ndividual" action allowed the adminis-
tration to "sidetrack" the issue of mili-
tary recruitment on ca mpus. Apart from 
the fact that this issue was definitely dis-
cussed much more widely on and off 
campus than it would have been with -
out my action (I have the usual hate 
le tt ers from the "community" to prove 
it ): Does the Radica l Coalition rea lly 
have to be reminded of the common-
place that no politi ca l action, whether it 
be individual or collective, which goes 
beyond what Agnew (and now also 
McElroy) ca ll "civility," can ever avoid 
producing additional, " localizing" 
issues, such as, in my case: due process, 
de facto judge Murphy's eager applica-
tion of a constitutionally questionable 
section of the California Penal Code, etc. 

I was further criticized because the 
Marine capta in whom I happened to tap 
(he stood closest to where I was passing 
and was speaking over a microphone) 
was black. I consider this criticism to be 
racist and opportunistic. For me it would 
be intolerable to distinguish between the 

colors of the skins at the Marines mur-
dering people (of color) in Indochina. I 
onsider It condescending to arrive a. 

(positive, forgiving, apologetic) judge. 
ments about a person not because of 
what he do s (but despite it), not be-
cause of what he stands for (but despite 
it)- rather merely and solely because of 
what I see when I look at hi s skin. I would 
feel degraded and insulted if somebody 
treated me this way. I believe that the 
Radical Coalition's handling of this ques-
tion(which, incidentally, coincided with 
that of the administration) betrayed a 
deeply seated reverse type of racism in as 
far as it does not acknowledge the other 
person for who he is but rather for how 
he looks. Thi s reverse racism is oppor-
tunistic because it addresses itself, con-
scious ly or unconsciously, to the guilty 
conscience of white North Americans, 
who, in accepting it, deceive themselves 
into thinking that they have now finally 
overcome the terrible guilt they have 
had to live with. 

Finally, I am confident that everybody 
will recognize the great difference be-
tween a black person serving as a mem-
ber of the armed forces and a black per-
son, who, as an officer, goes around re-
cruiting people for an organization 
which is engaged in wholesale murder 01 
people of color. His blackness is intend-
ed to influence those who, instead of re-
membering their guilt and learning from 
it, have an urge to suppress it. We should 
recognize a black Marine captain re-
cruiting on campus for who he is : a 
traitor to his people. 

II All I Want For Christmas II 

John l. Stewart - "Dear 
Santa : F!lease send me 
Yospmite ational Park in a 
little box , so I can re -
construct it in th Muir 
Plaia ." EI Capitan is so 
much nicer than 20. How-
ever, if you can 't bring me 
Yosemite, th n ould you 
maybe build a ki lope off 
th e side of 207" 

The following are Christ-
mas desires of the UCSD 
administratIOn, as divulg d 
to on(' of Santa's elve~ , who 
in light of recent Supreme 
Court activity, wishes to re-
main anonymous. 

Murray Goodman -
" anta : A 3-D hemistry 
set. .. 

Paul n - "Dea r 
Santa: Do you also deal in 
Hanukah presents? If not, 
I'd like you to take some 
affirmative actior on th e 
matter. " 

Joseph Wat son - " Dear 
Santa: I have been at my 
belt all yea r. M aybe you 
could bring me a name for 

Cleo Malone - " Dear my college ." 

Alan Zink - "To Wh om 
it may concern: As the pri-
mary scribner of thi s com-
munication, it would be-
hoove me if I could have 
some words with you. A 
primary considerat ion in 
this cale wou ld be the basic 
law of " Gimme gimme 
gi mm e." However in 
modern legal jargon I 
would merely translate that 
10 read " I want." Secondly 
we must co mp [0 agrep-
mpnt on t hp preci se de-
finili on of 'gift' ..... 

Santa: I'd like lots of air 
freshener. Thank you." 

William D. McElroy -
"Dear Santa : Please send 
me a recording o f the Len-
non Sisters singing, 'Shine 
lillie glowworm, glimmer, 
glimmpr' " 

Istanbul 
Middle East Cuisine 
Serving Chawarma Co ktail s 
~Jl (' ( ia l Turki s h BUI et( k Shish Kabob 
lind a ll va rietie s 01 middic Ea stern ( : lJi ~ in(' . 

S('r v in~ 5-9 
~P(" litl to the m('mbcrs of the ue Community 

']fWO DINNERS FOR 
THE PRICE OF ONE 

,\n ;. ~ 1 ()llcl .. y thru ' l hur \d"y with Ihis ad or !>tudcnl I)) 
' f )11/1 "f'" H, ,.,111 . r I ! j l 

",\nel 111('1'(' \ ,"w:t}~ a 2')"0 ~avln~~ for ~tudenls 
anytime" lI aji 

12')0 Prospec I St La .loll" 454-2334 

George (Dean) Murphy 
- " To Whom It May Con-
cern : I'd like an eternal re-
source of constant M on-
days, so I can cu t my work 
load to nothing." 

(A t th is point, the Elf told 
the TT that Santa had sent 
the indomitable Dean a 
leller stat ing that , "it is in 
Ih(' work .") 

~ ~ EUROPE l 
~ 
~ F JIld Inp!' I 1 <. w ,g'L •. 
~ ()n" w<ly d. Ir..w" ~ I < 

~ 
~ 

Call or wrile 10 

uro-Amencon Associotio 
3091 Mulberry 51. 

Riverside, CaWornia 92501 
781 -0113 

Salk_,!.! 
[0 press WiS, "Unfinished Man". Then I heard that two 
books had Just Cime out, one in France and one in the 
United States, with the same title. I tried to think of a 
better title. Originally I was thinking in terms of " The 
Biological Metaphor" as a title. This tells you something 
about the problem of how you identify a given name to 
;omething that is named after it is born . The book is 
esse ntially an example of what the title is about. It , too, 
emerged and unfolded. The ideas of whi ch it is com-
posed clearly constitute flashes of in tuition, imaginings. 
Most of these ideas occurred either early in the mor-
ning when I've first awakened, or under circumstances 
where they're not controlled in any way. 
n : My initial questions pointed out my prejudice as 

far as what I would expect from a scientist. 
Salk : Maybe that's not what I am, as expressed in this 

book. That's quite right. You may have to change your 
diagnosis, or you may have to extend it, to say in one 
capacity I am a scientist. I manifest in two different 
ways, which shou ldn't be too surprising when you 
realize the effort that was put into putting the Institute 
together. The Institute is not altogether a limited or 
exclusively scientific establishment. The book reflects 
this kind of t~inking. And also the architecture of that 
form. 

TT: Perhaps we can go into that as weI/to help people 

"The tnstitute is not altogether iI limited or exclusively scien-
tific estilblishment. The book reflect~ this kind of thinking." 

understand thaI the book is an extension of the ideas 
and the activity here at the Institute, and vice versa. 

Salk : Yes, that's true. 
D: Most poeple, by reading only the book and the 

liner notes wouldn't realize this. Can you give me a 
capsulization of the concepts behind the Institute? 

Salk: I know that I'm going to have to write in more 
elaborate detail about the Institute. I will do that some 
day. I'll try to capsulate the central idea that holds the 
Institute together intellectually. We have the need to 
understand the control and regulatory factors that 
operate in living systems, including man, all the way 
from the molecular level, through the cellular level , the 
level of the organism, and the individual in society. 
Every thing that goes on in the Institute is in some way 
related to those fundamental questions. If you have a 
theme such as that, you essentially have a structure. It 
becomes possible to see how questions that have been 
formulated are being pursued, and fit in some way into 
the idea of control and regulation. Some have already 
been manifested in work that's being done at the 
Institute; some not yet; and in some instances we can 
identi fy an intention by virtue of what I've just said. This 
means we can enlarge things that can add to the 
manifestation or expression of the need that we have to 
understand control and regulation. When something 
becomes de-controlled and de-regulated, it departs 
from a natural order. Then you have disorder; disease; 
dysfunction. This allows us to think in terms of order 
and disorder, health and disease. We need to know 
abou t both . I think you can see how the book in some 
way reflects this kind of thinking. 

TT : When I was a freshman I had the luck of having 
H rbert Marcuse as a professor. The course title wa , 
" The Absurdity of the Pre~ent Age". We studied texts of 
many prominent thinkers of the Pre ent Age. One of 
thp most influential bOOKS for me was Freud 's "Civiliza-
tion and 115 Discont ents". In that essay Freud expressed 
a vipw simi lar 10 yours : what he called instinctive 
behavior was being thwart ed and denied through the 
structure of our prese nt civilization. Would you com-
ment on the idea of wheth er or not ome fundamental 
changes in our current st ructure are needed. 

Silk : I agree thit they ire needed, but I ilso agree 
that they are arising. They're coming. They're in-
evitable. The circumstances have changed; cir-
cumstances are changing; and by virtue of that, they 
system will react. Now the question arises: to what 
extent we can influence that? W ith enough con-
sciousness, (and therefore with some foresight as to the 
consequences,) some understanding as to cause and 
effects and the nature of living systems, (and therefore 
the nature of man,) we are in a much better position to 
help guide and influence this. What I'm saying is that 
man's will and man's choice can be brought to bear 
upon his discontents. I think that is new. It is necessary 
not only to complain about how bad things are. We're 
now in a position to do something about il. We need to 
look someplace for a source of guidance, or for a set of 
ideas as to what might be done. How might we design 
remedies for some of our psychological and 
sociological problems? This book is an attempt to try 
and use biology as a source for remedies. 

TI: Then you are a real optimist as far as the future of 
man is concerned. 

Salk : I am a realist, meaning that it can go either way. 
I share the fears of the Cassandras, and I share the 
optimism of those who see hope. I am trying to see how 
we can influence that situation, and how we're inclined 
10 wish to influence it. 

TI: What are your feelings about American politics? 
Salk : It 's going to play itself out. It 's a game, as are all 

other political games in all other parts of the world. 
Everyone engages in it. As people gain more insight as 
to what has to be done politically in order to improve 
our lot individually and collectively, we' re likely to 
move in more positive directions. But we need a 
tremendous amount of educating; a tremendous 
amount of awareness. We need a large dose of truth, 
open mindedness, and ability to learn, to cha nge our 
ways as needed and as appropriate. 

TI : How can you as a humanist and a scientist toferate 
lack of government support in funding scientific and 
humanist investigation? 

Salk : I think it's good that we have a problem like that 
to fuss about. There was a time when there were no 
funds available. We weren 't even soph isticated enough 
to know that funding was needed for activities of this 
kind. Now that we've reached a point where funds are 
available, hopefully in time the judgements that will be 
made will be in agreement with mine. I have pre-
judices; others have prejudices. We all th ink that our 
own are good. As far as being tolerant, I do the best I 
can under the circumstances. I try to influ ence it in 
whatever way I can. It's playing the game also. But I'd 
rather be in the system playing the game than outside 
the system complaining about it. 

TT: Are you currently involved in any basic research? 
Salk : The work that's being done in my laboratory 

concerns the immunilogic mechanisms involved in 
rejection and retention of tissues : normal tissues, 
cancerous ti ssues, and transplants. We are inte rested in 
the underlying mechanisms. We are interested in un-
derstanding how the immune system works, inducing 
rejection, and how can we work to su ppress that. We're 
interested in knowing why cancerous tissue is normally 
rejected. Cancer is not constantly occuring in our 
bodies where the immune system w ill recognize it and 
bring about the rejection. We 'd like to understand what 
are the switches involved in turning the immune system 
on and off. We'd like to be able to turn this system on 
and off at will in a highly specific wa y. Not genera lly, 
and not by the use of chemotherapeutic agents, Xray, 
cobalt, and things of that kind . Rather, in a highly 
specific way. How can we turn the system on and off at 
will, so as to bring about rejection or retention . For this 
purpose there are a number of animal models. We have 
two models we are working with. One model has to do 
with a di sease ca lled experimental allergic 
encephalomyelitis, where we inject into animals their 
own brain ti ssue. Under th is condition they develop 
allergiC encephalitis. We are attempting tp suppress that 
allergic reaction in a highly specific way. The other 
model involves th e transp lant of tumors in rats. The 
object there is to see how we ca n induce rejection 
under where it is not taking plac . 

TI: One friend of mine said that aI/ the " action" will 
be occuring in the ce ll membrane. Do you think Ihat's 
true? 

Salk : That 's clearly going to be the field of great 
importan e. The work that we're doing involve con-
st ituents of the ce ll membrane. 

TI : What other activities are going on now at Ihe 
Institute? 

Salk: Th ere is a large group that is interested in 
various a pects of the immune system as this bea r~ on 
'_U_O_D~O_D_U_O-(~--~ 

i University L~~ran Church I 
! Student Center I Worship Services Interim Pastors: I 
-, 10 A.M . Sundays Herbert Albrecht t~ 

Paul Gabrielsen 

1
- Feedback Nels Oas ~ 

11 :15 ~ 

Chu 

1 ... aoD4_"D~ .. aoa4_~'~~--~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Au Natur ... ' NUDE MALE CALENDAR FOR 1973 

Twelve natural men portrayed In 
natural surroundings with beautltul 
artistic photographs. 

GREAT CHRtSTMAS GIFTS 
Mall 53 .95 today: AU NATUREl 
P.O. 80. 79 . L. Men. C.~1. 92041 

the kinds ot problems I've reterred to. There are others 
that are working on the chemical events that ake place 
in the course of tumorogenesis : what are the chemical 
events thit occur when it becomes transform·ed form a 
normal cell into a cancerous state (under the illfluences 
of viruses)? Others are interested in certa n serum 
factors that have some effect on controlling and 
regulating cell multiplication. There are others working 
on problems in neurobiology (work ing with nprve cells 
in ti ssue culture). Then there is another group working 
on chemica l events that took place when life began. 
That is, pre-biotic chemistry. Another group is work ing 
on fertility control in the sense of trying to ident ify 
substances in the hypothalamus that control and 
regulate ovulation via the pituitary and the gonads. 
There is work going on in language acqu isiton in the 
:leaf-mute. And there are a wide variety of other 
:>articular projects and particular questions that are 
:>eing asked by various researchers that all hang 
.ogether by being related in some way to control and 
·egulation. 

TI: How do you get researchers to come to the 
'nstitute? 

Salk : We don't have any problem With people com -
ng here. 

D : Do you send out invitations~· 
Salk : 1"0 . At this point the initial group has been 

chosen . Now it has tended to grow by people who 
wanted to work with the principal group. Some of the 

"Man's will ~nd man's choice un be brought to beu upon his 
discontents. How might we design remedies for some of our 
sociological and psychologic~1 problemsl Thi book is an 
attempt to try i1nd use biology ~s iI sou.c .. for remedies." 

younger people are now being set up independently. 
We are in the process of developing a structure con-
;isting of senior people and others who can develop a 
career here, or be here for part of their career and go 
:>n elsewhere. 

Continued on page 8 

~IG. 
Portable cassette recorder $41 95 

Take the tedium out of notetakin with thl Cra ig 2621 
portable ca sette tape recorder . It feature ad\ance 
automat IC record le\el control , automatic . hut off 
sy tem at end of tdP , batterv o r C po>\ er and bUilt-
in aut omatic b,llterv recha rl'\ ing cirCUIt. Thp 2621 

mea~u r('~ 5' ." wld(' b\ 2'.' high b\ 10' .' d('ep. The 
prtc(' , $41 95, Indudes the recorder microphone I\C 
adapt('r and a \hort ca~sett(' tapE:' 

breier sounti center 
3789 Park Blvd/296-0173 

Open Daily 
9-5:30 Mon & Fri 9-9 

Page 7 Friday December 1, 1972 Triton Time 



Salk ", :,all<: I'm noplng that we' ll begin to develop work in we have had an interest broader than just molecular . this area in the future. In the first period of the biology or experimental biology. We have been in that 
IT: ,In your book you discussed the need to use a 

biolog,cal way of thought, approaching what are 
generally considered more humanistic problems. Do 
you here at the Institute get a chance to do some work 
in this area? 

Institute's development we solidified the experimental 'expanded business, but we have not grown very rapidly 
,biology area. Dr. Branowski has been here, and his in that area. We did not intend to do so until we 
interests are known to you. reached a point of stability . Now the world has caught 

IT: Yes . up, in a sense, to appreciating the idea. We have begun 
Salk : This demonstrates that from the very beginning to look at man from the biological point of view. 

IT: I'm thinking back on the problems 
of cOGrdinating and combining the 
tudies of humanitie and the studies of 

biology at Revelle Col/ege, where I'm a 
student. There appears on the surface to 
be a truggle for the tudent ' time. We 
have a number of researchers very 
capable in their fields. But there is a 
question of how to best use their time. 
Teaching has 10 fit in alongside their 
re earch. We have few who have the 
time to study humanisti problems and 
discuss these with undergraduates. Do 
you fore ee any similar difficulties as you 
develop your program? 

Salk: I Ihink we're looking for the 
development of hybrids: people who 
have worked in both areas and have 
found a way of dividing their time in a 
way that's natural for them. Not 
everyone i so constructed. I'm hoping 
Ihat there will be people attracted to this 
place who perhaps have had an earlier 
career in biology, and now have begun 
to address themselves to the broader 
que tions of man from Ihat point of view. 
There are a con iderable number of 
older and younger people now 
appearing on the horizon who appear to 
SE'nse the need, and have this need in 
Ihemselves. I think the times are ripe 
for people likE' that to surface. The un-
iversity's response to that is trying to give 
courses that bring about this combina-
tion. I don't think that you can combine 
disciplines, The idea of interdisciplinary 
activily is ometimes quite artificial. This 
can be a matter of bringing together 
peoplE' who arE' immiscible . It is possible 
to have people trained or able to think 
both as scientists and as humanists and 
philosophers. I think this is going to 
develop in the future There isn't any 
problem of conflict of interest. These 
people have a way of combining those 
tnterests. I'm hoping that more and more 
voung pE'ople will begin to make this in a 
sense a specialty discipline. 

TT ' II appears thaI many University 

• 

administrators are caughl up in elements 
of the problems of developing 
educational programs. Wherea here, 
with your institute reflecting your own 
p rsonal philosophy, I don't ee any of 
this Is this becau e you've stepped 
beyond this? Are you dealing with those 
problems here? 

alk: No. That was why the institute 
was created in the first place, so that it 
could become that kind of an instrument 
in ociety for society. What you have just 
aid to me tells me that perhaps we are 

succeeding in a way. We have those 
problems. I have those problems. I'm not 
involved in the administration. We have 
a president. He deals with those matters. 
I had to deal with everything in the 
beginning because that's how it was, But 
I've now reached a point and the 
Institute has reached a point in its 
devf'looment where I can begin to work 

Get Ready For Christmas Ski Trips! 

SKIS • SKI BOOTS • 
RENTALS • 

SKI WEAR 
FILMS 

CHARTER SKI TRIPS 
SPORTSWEAR AND GEAR 

Ask About Our Cal Carnival Special 

959 HORNBLEND STREET 270-3610 
PAC I FIC BEACH CALIFORNIA 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, December 1, 1972 
I, 'II I • I, I " I' ., " , -t..,11 

in it, and not necessarily at it. Work on it, will. 
or have it worked on me. I concern IT: I have heard people calling for 
myself with scientific, academic, and that , and hoping for more of a 
philosophic questions, as well as the Renaissance atmosphere where intellec-
further growth and development of th e tual in the life sciences and th e 
Institute, apart from my own work in it . humanities will be able to share their 

TT: How are you spending your time ideas freely. I think they are looking to 
these days? Are you able to spread your Ihi institute as a model. 
time around between your basic Salk: We look to it as a model also, and 
research, working with others, and want to make it that. We want it to be 
trave lling to speaking engagements? more than it has been. I think we're at 

Salk : I don't attend many speaking the beginning of a period of where th iS 
engagements. I don't travel around very will now begin to be expressed. It's for 
often. I do that very infrequently, and that reason that I'm devoting time to 
only on very specia l occasions. Now even writing, and not going aroun d lecturing 
less than the last year or two. I try to and speaking. I'd rather reach a larger 
spend my mornings on the writing I'm audience. What I have in mind about 
doing . I've just finished another book . I these books is for them to serve to help 
have another one I'd like to start in a few people to recognize something in 
weeks. In the afternoons I'm here themselves, and in each other. So I'm not 
working with people in the labs and concerned with whether some people 
attending to those matters that concern like it and some people don't like it. That 
the Institute affairs. I have a very good isn't fhe point. This is what I have to say, 
group of people in my lab. It has become ,md if others are turned on by it, these 
possible to drrange my time so that I can ideas, any of them, I'm pleased. Then if 
do both of these things. they talk amongst themselves, they wtIJ 

TT: I get the impre~ ion that ome discover that they are in agreement wi th 
people feel the Salk In titute is quite something. Some of these ideas, then, 
isolated from the real world. While can serve to elicit other ideas. That's the 
you're here, acro s the street people are purpose that I see. Even though it may be 
struggling with the concept of adequate difficult for some people to read, I hope 
education for minorities, administrative they will make the effort to do so. It's 
re ponse to recent killings at Southern easier to read it the second time than the 
University, and other problems. We first . At first, you don ' t know what the 
never hear anything of what's going on plot is. When there is content in 
here. something other than a novel or just a 

Salk : We're probably operating on a story, the participant has to work at it, 
different time sca le, and at another level. like listening to music more than once, 
But we have an equal concern for all of or looking at a painting more than once . 
these problems. We may not be vocal at So th message is in part in the reaction 
the mom nt in the same way that you of the individual to whatever is being 
are. You're behaving appropriately, and said. 
so are we . It's fine that we have two TT: You have a very short, three-page 
institutions close to each other. We hope chapter on violence. What are your 
that we will come closer together as time (('('ling on aggression and war? 
goes on . When it becomes apparent that Salk: Aggression manifests itself both 
we have a common interest other than at positively and negatively. Violence is 
the laboratory level, then that will ('ssentially the expression of pent-up, 
manifest itself. If people in the University unexpressed aggression, usually destruc-
are interested in this kind of ubject tive, and a ci rcum stance of great frustra-
matter and it's something that they can tion. 0 if you look upon this as th r 
relate to, there is a desir on our part to coun terpart of something po itiv 
make a bridge . I have talked with Dr. taking a now negative, destructive 
Crobstein, and Dr . McElroy about chann I, you begin to understand that its 
matters of this kind. Also Paul Saltman. I aim is to remedy somethi ng. In other 
hope in time the Institute can be of value instances it's purposely and usel sslv 
to the University, and vice versa. The destructive. I see violence and destru ('-
original idea of establishing the Institute tiveness in these two ways: as something 
here was that it would have close in- useful and someth ing useless; some 
tellectual ties to the University. I think having a purpose, some being pur-
this will happen in time. I don't know roseless . As I tried to indicate in th 
exactly how, but I just have faith that it conti nued on page 9 

IIlf you are at all comtemplatlng the 
purchase of a .blcycle, whether It be 3-spd., 
5-spd., or 10 spd ••• 

SAN DIEGOITO CYCLE EMPORIUM 
URGES YOU TO SEE AND COMPARE 

HtSNtKJ 
JAPAN'S FINEST LINE OF BICYCLES, 

TO ANY OTHER BICYCLES INCLUDING 
RALEIGH, PEUGEOT, AND SCHWINN~ 

Tues. - Fri. 10-9, Silt. 10-6 
Closed Sun. - Mon. 

241 N. HWY.l0l 
SOLANA BEACH 

Wit" your ccpy 01 THE TRITON TlttDmT (tree M 
C~mpus BooIcst«Ne) up to 15% Hyfnp on pc.wdMses 

- IN REAR OF BOARDWALI( 
(714) 755-2725 

Salk ", continued from page 10 
book, sometimes some dis-;atisfaction 
with violence leads to counter-viol nee. 
Ihen the subj ct has changed. The object 

ha~ changed. Now it becomes the art of 
violence ilself, and nol the reason that is 
a mailer of preoccupalion , As far as war 
is concerned, it's useless; a very wa stefu l 
way of solving JJroblems. We're going to 
have to invent new ways. II has to b(' 
understood as having its us fu I ounler-
parts. The useful count rpart is th(' 
necessity for maintaining the integrity of 
Ihe individudl or the group against 
destruction . It 's for this reason that som(' 
kinds of competitive play is healthy. II 
ke('ps the organism in tune, alive, abl(' to 
defend its('lf against rotential deslruc-
tion. I've been thinking about this and I 
will have more to say about it in my nrxt 
book . I just tou('hed on this here to 
indicate the dual nature of the problem. 
It's dualism in human as well as other 
living systems. I'm trying to say in a rather 
hailing way that these are questions that 
ne('d much deeper thought in terms of 
what th y mean in evolutionary t I ms; in 
developmental terms. If we understand 
their nature, then perhaps we can d al 
with them more rationally. This means at 
the same lime we have to respect our 
feelings. Our behavior expresses how we 
feel. We have to understand that, and 
take that into consideration. 

TT: I use (he word des('nsitization 
when I ref('r to governments, including 
th(' United Slate " approach to giving 
informa(ion to the public In particular, 
the Vietnam ('onflict . For more (han (ell 
yc>ars we have heard no(hing bUI (ori('s 
of how many thousand~ of rom of bomb, 
havp b('!'/1 dropped, how much napalm, 
how many lives ha ve been Io:.t, villages 

cI('~lroyed , .. It seems that now "rap Ie 

-

no longer respond. Do you think ihat is a 
fair way of using th e term desen-
ilizat ion? 

Salk: I think so . Th e same thing 
happens with nerve stimulation . After a 
while th(' nervE' stODS responding, Often 
we rea t when a change i,as taken place, 
out not if that stimulus continues. We 
respond only to change. You see Ihal in 
the physiology of the optic system Cer-
tain nerves respond only as mov('ment 
takes place across the retina . Th same 
Ihing happens with man. We gPt uw d to 
Ihings. Look al th respon~e 10 our 
putting m('n on th moon. ComidN th(' 
fact that you now have bC'rn horn mto a 
world that is dill rpnl from a world m 
whi h I wa born into YOLI t.1k(' a good 
deal for granted that to me is dstonishmg 
lna amazing. If that wa sn't tru<" you'd be 
] nervous wreck. You have to becomf' 
lCclI<tomed to things. If not, then your 
nervous system couldn't tolerate it. 0 
fJtigue does set in . 

TI : Do you think therr' , d normal 
refractory period which 1\ n('('d('d befor!' 
thf' b('nefils of chang('s ar!' r('(ognizrd, 
can b(' uspd? 

Salk: I think so. In a sense there's an 
incub tion period . There is an induction 
phase. All these biological Images apply 
in human behavior. The same idea is in 
education and in teaching. the first time 
one's exposed, he may not remember. If 
it is a repeated exposure at appropriate 
intrrvals, he gei: the equivalent of the 
booster ('ffect : a delayed injection. You 
have what's known as a anamnestic reac-
tion : A reaction of r('call, indicating there 
is memory, and that the system IS 
working well. If w look at man from that 
point of view we begin to understand a 
lot of things about him that seem 
paradoxical. a why is 1\ that people who 
hJd ('xercised at on<' point later fatigue 
se ts in and they become non-r('spoo\iv('? 

kardon I 

I e and now more tha n ever l More power' More features ' New Harman- Kardan has got a ot to Q'v 
slyilng i The 330A '5 an updated verSIon of the world's largest seiling rece,ver the 330 IlItllc.te c. ~e 
'5 reflected ,n the performance and ctrcu,try wh,ch g,ves you cleaner more Ir.nSP8~e7~ s~un~I22F ~ 
watts RMS per channel from 2020000 HZ w"h 1M D,stortlOn 01 less than s. e 
SenSlt,vtt 19 microvolts . IHF W,'h spe c's like Ihat we h.d to comb,ne ,t w,'h one 01 the better 

y EI · V EV 14 The G.rrard 42M Automatic tu ,ntable base and S~lJre bookshe lf sp akers. the ~ctro o,ce 
h f thiS very groovy stereo system M75E c.rtndge f,' tIght ,nto t e groove 0 

H.K 330 A R ECEIVER ......... 19~5 REG LIST PRICE WHEN SYSTEM PURCHASED SEPARATELY SALE 
G42M TURNTABLE -SASE ..... 5590 49070 PRICE 
M75E H-T CARTRtDGE ....... " 3495 WRI GHT S 38995 REG LOW DISCOUNT 
EV 14 SPEAKERS .... " ....... 19990 41695 DUST COVEA OPTIO~AL 

CRYSTAL 

Used 
Bicycles 

3 speeds 

MERCIER 

UCCYCLERY 

trade ins accepted 

453-8600 
3288 Governor Dr. 

University City 

Expert One 
Day Repair 

Service 

:0 speeds 

PRE- CHRISTMAS SA,"~E ( 
$3.49 ~0)~ 

for ALL SINGLE L.P .'S ~ .. ) 
STOCK UP NOW ON YOUR FAVORITE \ .... ~) 
ROCK, JAZZ, SOUL & CLASSICAL ALBUMS ........ 
We also corry : Ca~dles ,. pl.onts and :A' " 

resin palntmgs 
TWO WEEKS ONLY - DEC. 1st to 15th 

New Sounds In LA JOLLA 

':f!. U:~:!1! k tlj:C If.," Mo" th,o SO" 
10 to 9 

627 PEARL ST. (near Draper) LA JOLLA Phone: 459-6980 

KE \NOO 
, 

.2 
't) j 
.s 

One of the beSt lookang lower pnced 'ecelvers WP yp seer" '" a long tl,",~ IS t"P new I(pl"'lwOOd 
KA 22 0 We know looks Isn t everythlf"g but It puts out 8 watts RMS cont lnous POW!' De" c~a"nel 
and that 5 pretty descent (Some manufacturer ~ won t eIJen give vou the A~S rating) It 'Stores thl" 
po werhOUSe and a good FM fUner lOVing ly InSide a very handsomp. walf"lut cabinet Add he new 
Garrard 42M auwmatlc turntable & base Shure hi track M75E car fldge and the \lE"r" ~culpt;.Jrf'd '" 
dlsper!;lon remarkablyefh:;,l e nt InterAud lC'l 2000 sDeak~r~ and you h,he a \lery faIJorab' .. s,te'et1 
system 

KR2200 RECEIVER .. 

G42M TURNTABLE BASE 

MT5E H -T CARTRIDGE 

IA2000 SPEAKERS 

REG LIST PRI Ct: WHEN 15995 PURCHASEO SEP'IRATH Y 
408°2 5590~_~:=:-:~-1 

3495 WRIGHT S REG LO W D scnUN 
15722 32995 

SYSTEM 
SALE 
PRICE 

29995 
CUS' CO"lR U.' NA, 

, 

THE SONY SYSTEM 
TRINITRON COLOR 

HEADPHONES SHUREM91E HI -TRACK ELLIPTICAL 
CARTRIDGE 

9. t 2 . 15 and 17 ,nch d'8!\Onal sIZes 
P"ce s start at 329" 90 Day '. 
Labor. t Year Parts 2 Year 
Pi cture Tube Warranty 
Availab le at balh stores 
NOWI 

One electron gun means less con 
vergence problems Solid Sllle means 

InStl ' ~on . cooler funning long8' hfe C5 
year guaranlee on TranSistors! Supersen 
Sltlve tuner Will pick up stations bette' 
lind whe,e others won r A beller speaker 
delivers CriSP ludlble sound (IOmethlng 
new ,n TV' AutOMltlC push bUllon lUnl~ 
Eye tests prOw, the Sony System IS 
.h arper . bFlghter . mors colorful 4nd 
... ter fO look.t II deftnlte Improv,ment 
In TV ) All and.1I we '",. 'ound II to be the 
only practlc.1 chOice In POf1lb~ color 

te~vlsons 

COME TO WRIGtrrS FOR: (Alphabetically) 
Advent, AR. AKG. Altee Bose, 6&0. Dual . Electro VOAOO. 
Garrard. Harman-t<ardon, JBL. Koss, KemMlOd. KLH. Mel rr 
tosh. Marantz. Matrotee, Mlraoord, PE, Panasonc, Ptckenng. 
Pioneer, Rabco, Vega, Rew)!, Sony, Shure. Stanton. 
Supersoope. TardJerg. Teac,Thorens. SennhelSer 

YOUR CHOICE. KOSS PRO 4AA 
OR SUPEREX PROS V 

UST'6000 
SALE PRICE J99S 

world of sound 
" Where Your Purch .. int i,. ~t ... I..1"' " 

~.!O 1 '2 GRAMS TRAC"ING 
USTS4995 
SALE PRICE 1795 

• NO PAYMENT TIL' MARCH ! 
• BofA. MASTERCHARGE 

• INSTANT CREDIT 
• 5-YEAR WARRANTY 

1 

• SPEAKER TBADE· BACK 
PLAN 
'&=~" CHRISTMAS 

HOURS 
M thru F 10-9 

SAT 10-6 

Page 9 Friday December 1, 1972 Triton Time 



Salk", 
. t has 10 be so, so they ca n respond 10 somelhing new. 
Otherwise they'd be neurolically living in the past. You 
Ii ;) e 10 be in a slale of readiness for a new danger. If 
\ ou survive the earlier one, then you ca n 'l be constanlly 
(Q!lcerned with that. Lol of things accumulate in life 
11al we seem to be to lerant of. We do so beca us that 's 
t 1e way of developing the process of growth d velop-
menl Jnd evolulion. Evo lution is based upon Ihat. life is 
an rror-mJking and an error-correcting pro ess. We 
11' cumula te J certain number of errors. As long a we 
continue to co rrect Ihem we are fin When errors 
Jccumulal(' Jnd become compou nded, obviously thai 's 
dlsilsterous. I'm not proposing complacency; nor 
proposing pa sivi ty. I'm saying thilt we have to weigh 
and valuate each of the problems with which w ' re 
confronted al all limes. Life i an active proces of 
choosing from amongst alternatives and opl ions. I' ll be 
intereSled to know how thi s book seems to the 0-
called younger genera tion, who are in Ihe process of 
Irying to find themselves. 

TT : I Ihink Ihal mOIl young col/pge ludenll would 
nOI evpn comider rC'ading such a hoof" They are caughl 
up in f'/emf'll/s of IhC'ir educalion Ihal (('quire lime for 
developing dilCiplinel, and surviving college lifC'. 

alk . Ilhink that 's probablv Irup. 
TT: The- IremC'nc/ous pOIpntial of thil book, ,wd OIlier 

\uch hooks might be> losl unle" by challcP young 
people are introduced to Ihem. 

alk: That 's true. For that reason this book hilS 10 bl' 
Iranslaled by J series of stepc; Ihrough those who ee thl' 
relevance of Ihesp id('as inlO c;omf'lhing that IS of 
prallical usl'fulnl'SS. It has 10 bp sca led down, 
Iranspos('d, df'-coded in a way. I appreciale that. ThiS IS 
what I'm learning ac; I go through Ihe ex rcisf' of thiS 
book, and my next one. The npxt onp may be more 
readilv underSlOod because of the WJY in which it is 
compowd. I'm interested in thiS as a test to se how 
people rpan to ets of ide,ls, and whal's needed 10 
inlroduce new id(,JS 10 bring aboul changes as J resull 
of thpm. That is preci ely whal I would have expected. 
People are caughl up in their day- to-day actiVities in 
their lives. Things move along so fast they are so over-
slimulated. You have to find a way to stop long enough 
to refl('ct and see where you are, and where you'r 
going to make choices. 

TT: OlhN prominC'nl re earchl"rS ill life ~clences have 
e~pres\p(" t he idea I hOlt Ihere arp many young people 
IlOW in Ilwir /eenl who are quill" capable of doing 
graduate-level work in blochC'millry. But Ihprp leems to 
be a tlmp-Iap e where some more growing, hal 10 take 
place beforp IhE'Y can usc Ihls abilitv and imight ,n a 
posillve way. You \pf'ak of tram/ating, aim spoke C'arlier 
01 working with younger people in res('arch . Do you 
tlllllk ,,\ (1o\\lble for young (1pop/p /0 Iram/ate Ih,s 
Informal/on Jnd introducC' rhil way of thinking to marl" 
(1f'oplp' 

5,dk: Yes. I f('('1 it hJ~ 10 be tran lareo hy them. It hal 
10 be done dirprtlv For examplp, if on(' werp to pngage 
in J di,]loguf' aboul idp,h 0 thi, kind, how dOl'I I hil way 
of thinking applv 10 ,I p.1rtitulill I'}rohlem, a PMtlcular 
que"Iion Ihal il lelp~Jnt and imporlant toda,? Will thiS 
kind ot Ihinklng h .. u~eful to de'al With Ihp ~inds of 
prohl('ml Ihat are of urgent concprn to young ppople, 
in Ihpir livpI, individuall" Jnd ,11 membprs of the 
Ipeci('~. Thdl\ rf'ally Ihe> qut'stion . Thai can only bp 
tested Oy p('ople who Me' Ihoughtful and who ar 
int('re'qpd In doing something likp Ihat. I would bp 
InlPrr'II"d in trving Ihal OUI with a f('w ppople . We' 
would go w,lV bpyond what we arp lalking about in this 
Inlt'rvle'w. I'm ralhE'( restralncd now, b(,(Juse a lot of 
Ih(' thm~\ vou M(, talking about will b(' e'xplamed in Ihe 
nt'xt book I am prt'paring now. This rppr('scnts Just a 
few glimpse'l InIO somt'lhmg that has to bp d"velopE'd 
o.er d mu( h longpr period of time. I would be glad to 
E'XpOC;P Ihl\ to J group of people for Ih(' purpose' of 
see'mg how we can apply this melhod of Ihinklng to 
urgent problems of the day. 

n . My r/UP\/lon rpflecl s my own p!'rsona l inl('rplt If) 
Ihis d(1praoch It's fascinaling 10 hear many rE'searchers 
who have ir/e>JS hE'yonc/ lileir own work that coulel be 
r()nlribUlpri to lo/ving many problems of soci('(y. Bul 
mml of II!pm don'l hav!' the forum or Ih(' limp 10 
Implpmt'n/ I hpH' ic/pas. 

alk. I think Ihal science of biology has madp impor-
tanl biologiC (ontribUlions. I now spp Ihe n I'd for 
dpveloplng and exposing the epistemological con-
tributions Ihat come from science, sci('ntific research . 
Thll IS an attempl to extract OUI and apply somE' o f these 
epistemological (ontributions. 

-

Page 10 Trition Times Friday, December 1, 1972 

Classics in Review 
continued from page 13 

The concert closed with 
ergei Rachmaninoff's ym-

phony No.2 in E, Op. 27. I 
was very happy to see this 
programmed, as it is a very 
beauliful work last heard in 
Sa n Diego in 1967. Al -
though this dates from 
1907-1909, Rachmaninoff 

was hardly influenced by 
the musi al trends of the 
day; this is con tempor-
aneous with Scriabin 's 
" Poem of Ecstasy" and 
Straus's " Elektra," and post-
dates " Also Spracht Zara-
thustra" by 13 years and 
Mahl er's Second Sym-

Panason ic R E 7412 stereo 
radio reg . 79.88 
Panasonic RD 7413 stereo 
record changer reg . 32.95 

Mormel AM-FM-WeRtherband 
portable rad io $1995 

Panasonic cassette recorder 

phony by 15 years. As a re-
sult, this is Romanticism 
with hardly a modern fla ir. 
Relying on its beauty, I be-
ame tired of the piece be-

fo re it ended. This concert 
also showed why it usually 
performed abridged . The 
orchestra performed e)C-
ce llently. The st rings pro-
duced a rich , full tone. It 
was th winds, that usuall y 
displayed fine ensemble, 

that were off. Yet , . 
good performan 
lust rated what t 
Diego Symphony 

ater Polo ... 
perplex ed and teelS 
somewhat regretful about 
how some things went this 
season . He must also be 
frustrated by the fact that 
every turn found a brick 
wall staring at him or at 
least an empty pool; . The 
illogical , but upgraded 
schedu Ie, inspired Coach 
Becker to set the goal of an 
even win-loss split record as 
a yardstick for a successful 

season. But in reality there 
was only one team which 
perhaps outmanned the 
Triton s, and that encounter 
came early in the season . 
Llk all coaches he tried to 
expound upon (he bright 
side, even using th e 
traditional, but in this case, 
hollow compliments and 
tempered assertion thai it 
was a "good season ." To an 
individual who loves to par-

Continued from page 17 
Although the 

turned ou t to be the season, primarily 
more romantic than' ause the myth of a 
anticipa ted, due to IItIbOS!5IDle year-end tourna-
influence, il wa s to gear for was totally 
played. I hope ten . Effort in athletics 
return to San 0 es tend to be goal-
nea r future. iented. Unfortunately, 

goals of all kinds were few 
and far between thiS year. 

And how did the coaches 
feel? Head Coach Fred 
Becker is without doubt 

Airequ ipt Model 125 slide 
projector reg . 47.95 $2995 

Durst enlarger Model F-30 
~9.95 $3995 

Model RQ 409 $4695~_ .. 

Stereo head phones 

Fotomat Super 8 
color movie film 

$199 per roll 
~--I~ 

$3~ 

• 

Fotomat 126-12 color print film 1/ 
or 127 color print film 69c per roll. 

SpeCial grand opemng price In elfect unlll December t 6. 1972. 

Yashica Electro 35GS outfit 
reg . 129.95 '8995 _-

Miranda Auto Sensorex 
50 mm f1 .8 lens and 
reg . 289.95 $23 

Fotomat Magicubes99Cper 6 Fotomat flash cubes 69 
Fotomat 1 ~5-20 color print 
film 99c per roll 

1- Braun f16 BLS automatic electronic flash '2995 
Polaroid Square Shooter 2 41 /295 $1895 

\ . 
Kodak Pocket 20 Instamatlc 
reg . 24.95 $1895 ,rj----F-R--E--E-i:T::;:::N-l 

Argus 146X instant I • ONE ROLL • 
load camera $699 , Governor Dr OF FOTOMAT I 
reg . 9.97 I l ~ x ' 126-12 COLOR I. I ~ Fotomat 

I ~ 4083 Governor Drlv. PRINT FILM. • <1> University City I 

" 

I .". Otter p..(prt~5 Opcrmber I 1972 ~ Only ont ~f' cu, lom", I L ____________________ ~ 

'OTOMAT UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 
4083 Governor Drive at Genesee 

telephone 453-5753 
Hours: Monday-Friday 9-7; Satu rday 9-6; Sunday 12-5. 

, I 

ticipate, any season can be 
a good season . To the 
group who thrive~ on 
collective accomplishment, 
any season can be a 
challenge - this season was 
a frustration and a failure . 

There is something baSIC 
in the situation - perhaps a 
lesson to be learned about 
commitment and mvolve-
ment - by everybody 
WhE'n there eXists the 
desirE' to playa sport 
seriously, It would seem 
that the program providing 
the opportunity should 
eithel help or stand n utral, 
but n ver hinder. When the 
program here for waler 
polo, or any sport for that 
matter, and the commit-
ment of the people in-
volved gets over the hump 
of bplng half-as, th n the 
results will have a satisfar 
tion not measured solely in 
wins and losses. Thp k"y is 
commitment, but so far the 
program here has a com-
bination lock .. 

Records . Th statistical 
summit this year? Has 10 bf' 
52 plates stacked at the final 
smorg dinnE'r. 

Highlights: A tired Jimmy 
Stoner made it through the 
year, through SIX quarts at 
Ihe team party, and threw a 
tantrum when he was told 
that his number was not 
going to be retired . Once 
you're that tired, there s no 
use rehashing It . Maybe 
there's no use rehashing 
any of it ... 

EuroMed 
may olter Rl via 
overseas training 

For the session startlnK Fall, 1973, 
the European Medical Students 
Placement Service. Inc. will assist 
qualified American students In 
ialnlni admission to recoinlnd 
overseas medical schools .. 
And that's just the bellnnln,. 
S,"ce the I.ngu.g. bar".r consl,tutes 
the ~reponderat. d,II,culty ,n succeed· 
'ng .1 • fore,gn school. Ihe [uramed 
program also Inc' udes an IntenSive 
8-12 w •• k medICal .nd convers.t,cna 
I.ngu.g. cours •. mandalory for . 11 
,tudents FIVe hours da,ly. the rours. 
IS g l ~en In the coontr) whe re the stu· 
dent will attend medica SI hool 
In add ,t,o n, Ihe furo~ .. n Me dlC . 1 
Students P'acement ServIce prOVides 
students wth an 8·12 week ,ntens •• 
cultura' ooentatlon coorse w ttl Amer -
Ican students 110ft' stu1Ylng mediCine 
In that particular country serVIng as 

counse lor ~ 
Senior or sraduate students current Y 
enrol' !::! In an Amencan un·verstty are 
. IIglble to parIIC" , t. ,n the [urome' 
program 

BrOUD interviews 
& seminars 

For application and further 
mformat/on, phone tolt free. 

(800) 645·1234 
SAN FRANCISCO - We d . Dec 6 
Sheraton Palace 
Ma.ket and New Monlgomery 
Hose Room 7 PM 
See Mr LeVine 
lOS ANGElES- Thurs , Dec. 7 
Holiday Inn. Downlown 7 PM 
750 G.rland A •• al 81h St 
See Mr LeVine 

or write , 
EUROPEAN MEDICAL 
Students PIJcemcnt Service. Inc 
3 McKinley Ave nue . 
Albertson, N.Y. 11507 

continued from page 1 

hI' cOnsldNs funddmt'nlal 
to thp Idl'd of a ~r('at un-

IVPr~lt\ Hp also rpmarkrd 
faddY It 1\ d IrUlsm 10 lav 

thai WI' Jrp bpspt b~ prob-
lems and ordpr~ of md$!ni-
tud£' Rrpater thJn any facrd 
by our trachers With Ihi, 
Iituation confronling 
us-oftrn broughl 10 our 
dttcntlon b~ our stu-
dentS-II IS only rpa-
sonable Ihal SOClc tV should 
requirp mort' of ill educa-
Iional Instltutlom and fad-
Ing that , imposc from with-
out chanfW' v..hich makr 
thpm morr rr'pon~i\r." 

Wh pn Ih., 45 m,nutp 
(!'rcmonv Wd< (omp!ptrd 
and thp gup,ls hMj Iph the 
budding, th(' pic rlprs 
moved 10 thr bac k of the 
building, hoping 10 hl(J( k 
the dflv('wa~ .mel prp\( n: 
Chancellor '\.1cflro, ~nd 
th£' t ,C adminl'trdll (' 
guest, rom Ip. Ing b\ (, r 
Dr. Mcf.lro\ and Ihe' gul' t, 
had chmen to \",llk to thf' 
rcce plion, hov\' ('\ pr, bping 
hf'ld In the Int£'rnillional 
House and IhC' Chan-
cellor's Conferf'nce Room 
A 

When Ih proll'"or" 
realized thiS. thev movpd to 
the Inlernat ional House, 
and there occupied the 
reception room, chanting , 
clapping and stomping 
their fe t. Only a fev\' gUE',ts 
were there. including 
Regenl \o\atk ins \;\'hen 
asked b\ Ihe TRIT01'. 
TIME what he thought of 
the demonqration, thp 
regent commented "I real-
Iv don t apr rov e 01 such 
iuvenilc' bl'hJ"tor . I jU\l 
CJ n t undl'r,t.tnd I hi, k nei 
0 1 communication .11 dll " 

t£'phamr Harri "t,l'ed 
that "hp tl'it th.lt hI' Iu-
dt'ntc; had Ih., rII::ht 10 I' -
PH>S' thpmsf'h t' , ," lonl: a 
th('v v..erp not ph\ ·lc.111\ 
\Iolent 

A.fter Inp m nutE" ot 
chdntlng, J lrP t 
Thl'dler" prp<t'ntatlon wa 
madc , exprrc;,ing the 
proteltor,' \11'\'1. of th 111-
stalldtlon . In depl(tlng 
Chan cellor McE lro\', 
" Coronation," the kit por-
trayed Vice-Chancellor and 
Dean of Studentl George 

urphv as adVising 
McElrov on how to u e the 
UniverSltv regulatiOns to his 
benefll , Jnd not the stu-
dents. Vice-Chancellor Paul 
altman was a slick advisor 

coaching Dr McElro\ to 
use language that th stu-
dent C,1I1 rplale to, while 
avoiding acting on the ir 
demand . Three Rege nts 
came, Inging Chmtma, 
Carols With ver e~ updated 
to meet the occa<ion The\ 
c;upported Dr McElro) a~ 
they would a puppet . When 
asked bv studenll ho"," 
would he act on Iludent 
elf-determination , police 

on campu~ , .Jnd milltar~ re-
earch " King ' McElro \- , 

under the pUPPE't-strlngl 01 
the Regenl~ stated h 
wOl..ld do nothing 10 en-

dan~cr hl~ lupportE'r, the 
Regpnt~ 

A, thl' Iklt bcgan , most of 
t he ~uec;ts mo\ ed outSide, 
or 011 to onfC'rence Room 

. On" a ~m.ll1 handful of 
facul .\ membC'r\ and gue,ts 
view d thl' presentallon 

Through out the In-
'"1, 'r.' I"" ' ;"" rJ'tr'pmnnv ::tnn 
following reception , cam-
pus police continuously 
took pictures of tho~1:' ~n­
volvl'd III the demOnltra-
tlOns. 

Pag 11 Frida 0 mb r 1, 1972 Triton Time 



Just GoodJazz 
Greg Leonard 

Godot at the Globe 
David Buchbinder 

" Th.e. opening of ~~muel Beckett 's well known play, 
. Wailing for Godot, at the Cassius Carter Centre Stage 
In Balboa Park, was a smashing success. Virtually all as-
pec:ts of the production, lighting. costuming, set design 
a.ctlng, and 'story: united for one of those rare occa~ 
SIOns when one does not feel that (unlike th e nature of 
the play) time o r money has been wasted. 

~he major highl ig ht s of this production are its two 
marn cha racte rs, Estragon and Vladimir, respectively 
played by C. Wayla nd Capwell and Frank Doyle. Both 
actors evoke a gestic quality in their performances that 
en hances the script by 1000 per cent. 

Capwell, as Estra~on , presents multitudinous images 
of an absu rd nothingness , which in his hapless facial 
gestures. he bring.s t? the forefront of the production. 
The cyn icism of hiS Irnes: co mbined with his active hap-
lessness, create somethrng that is neit her cynical nor 
hapless, but a very startling interpretation of the abso-
lute zero that so man y of us so often feel. 

In the same manner, Doyle, as Vladimir, presents al-
most perfectly the epitome of those who claim know-
ledge but toss their hands to the sky when that know-
ledge is e~cn sli.g.htly thrown into disarray by the simple 
f,?rces of life. Farlrng to realize this, Didi is consta ntly an-
XIO.US for Codot's arrival, actually believing that he will 
amve, unlrke Estragon who fittingly could care less. But 
Vladimir WIshes to be bound to his perhaps mad belief, 
becon.rng n<? more wiser than the idiot Lucky, played 
by Don Jenkrns, who is irrctrievably bound to his mas-
ter, Po.zzo, played by Ron Shapiro .. 

The artistic style developed by Harold Land stems 
f~o~ his. early .background of rhythm and blues and his 
Fifties strnts wIth the hard-bop, highly creative band of 
~ax RoaJ-Clifford !hown, and subsequently with Cur-
tiS Counce. 

The " Harold Land Quintet " show last Friday night in 
thf' . Revelle Caf.eteria, while clearly reflecting the roots 
of It S leader, Illustrated a fundamental direction of 

~usical evolution from the bop era. Whil e many musi-
cians had followed the "cool jazz" course into the frag-
mented structurings of Miles Davb and later Ornette 
Cole~an, others (i.ncluding Land) develop d har -
monically and technically along similar lines but main -
tained a solid bottom, and in essence, refrained from a 
"fref''' rhythmic structure. 

Befor~ a friendly crowd-mixture of Land's old friends 
(he ~avrng been raised in San Diego), young jazz en-
thus~asts, and older jazz fans who had followed this 
ma.n s development from the early years, Harold and 
~ulntet played two. strong, I.e.ngthy sets, obviously en-
JOying the loose, highly pOSItiVe, creative atmosphere. 

It borders on gross understat ment to call Land a 
" true professional," .but his experience and leadership 

p~oved t~ be the marnstay of an otherwise young band 
st ili learning to work as a unit. His current quintet fea-
tures Oscar Brashear, trumpet; Kent Brinkley, electric 
and acoustic ba s; Kuman Sandusa (author's spelling) 
electriC and acoustic piano; Ndugu (Leon Chancier)' 
drums; and Harold (i n addition to playing tenor sax, o~ 

Au Come On Now 
Jenkrns as Luckv turns in a performa nce perhaps 

equal to tha~ of Capwell and Doyle. As Doylp's acting 
('vokes a phrlo\ophlcal d('spair, Jenkim' pE'rformance 

~vo kes if very r('al and horrifYi ng rhysical despair in his 
Inescapabl(' bondage to his master POllO . Well , it's hNe at last, and 

POllO (Ron Shapiro) IS perhaps the weakest of the just in time for the Christ -
beard who I posed per-
ched in a tree, and Bruce, 
with dark hair and a moust -
ache, who look s "just like 
Mark Spitz ." 

major plaYNs. Tf:(' re spems to be ome heSitation on hiS mas rush. Jill Timm, 24 -
pan a~d he makes it quite ambiguou~ for the audience year-o ld graphic designer 
to decrdp exact Iy what. ~e IS. But as the master this might from La Mesa, has created 
\ pry well. bp hiS pOSitiOn, for as the play points out the first all-male nude 
Pono " Ju~t as bound to lu cky as Lucky to POllO calendar for outhern Cali-

Technically " Waitinll for Godot" is as good as its fornia, entitled "Au at-
acting A defrnll ,em,. of boredom, sa mene~, and an urel" and fpaturing San 
absurd drabnp~s arr brought to the forp in both sp t Diego area men in settrng~ 
deSIgn and in costuming. around the county 

"~ alling for Godot" is playing through Dec. 18 at thp omr of the highlights 
C d~SIU~ Ca rter tage And ven if you do bclievp you will be' Ron , a blond male 
ma\ h,ne creatpd \omethlng better to do wrth vour nurse who is " reall y good 
tlmp, find the time 10 SPe' this performance'. It will bp looking," Jim, a " teddy 
tlmp well sppnt near" With dark hair and a 

~,._I~. 
.. ~ 

Fine Quality 
Friendly Service 

Easy Parking 

$-~Hi"TA~ ;Ne 
SPORTSWEAR FOH MEN 

o • (!r. 
7461 Girard, La Jolla 454·7169 

755·0440 

o~~. 
Page 12 Triton Times, December 1, 1972 Triton Times 

The calendar, which sells 
for $2 .95, will be availab le in 
stores throughout San 
DIego and will soon hit Lm 
Angeles . It will also bp 
avai lable thrOUf(hout rh(' 
Wc,t by mail order. 

Relying primarily on material from their n west 
al?~m, "Damisi" (Mainstream 367), the quintet played a' 
spirited, technically xciting show. 

The high points were the strong opening numOer, 
"Chocolate Mess," featuring one of those fluid tenor 
leads of consonant-ascending-and-descending tones 
through a multi-octave range, offset by Brashear 's 
vibrato alternation of keys, moving from one to another 
and back; and al so the moody second number, the title 
track " Damisi," a blueS-jazz work in which Land 's oboe 
played a moving, picturesque duet with the muted 
trumpet of Brashear. On the latter of these works the 
development was from quintet to trio interplay (piano, 
bass, drums), rn which the excellent bass play of Brin-
kley and the clear, precise, Oscar Peterson-influenced 
piano of Sandusa formed the flighty but dominant 
bottom to a soothing and aesthetically stimulating 
sound. 

The show proved to be one of those purely positive 
events for both the band and the crowd . Weak point s of 
the three-hour performance were negligible and all 
related either to inexperien ce by the younger players or 
to a slight nervousness displayed in the first set. 

O~erall , a pleasing, refreshing evening . And if the 
musI c wasn 't enough for some, then the further 
pleasure of leaving the cafeteria at 10 :30 after a day of 
record rains, seeing clear, smog-free sky, and knowing 
of the blue sky to follow, proved to be the added 
charm . 

-

Sonnet for Harold Land 
. b ,n IlIInllt. til' dlill "j Iltl! 11/1/1/11",,/0 Ittll 
(JUI 11/11/, Itt fiN/limn \ rI" fir) , m/IlT, '/'tt'III' 
II I f"it Ii /" It , til , 11 MIT p)f't'rnen tiIlTl" /0 (I'" II 
.II/rl Ihlll 0111 1II',II.,lj,ml/.1 /111/11/10 ,ltlll 

On". I""e nC", ill m /I IIIjI./llll!,r/. "rmlll 
," 111111(,/'01' /tHI htllf f'f'1l1J1l \horn rJ/ 'JUf 11111, 
/ .,m ""U 1/ .. dl/l/ fl1ld l" r glf/Tl II/1l /"IUI, 
\ ",,f, \ur, fill till hlt",d, '"It: j Jfilllmmmt 
I I" r. I,/J-"I "1 lit, ",1", flII,I I'" , Ttl" 
Nr'/'" 'It: IN (11 1I11Ifm/olhll(/JPt(lllU1 11m 
()1I1 \IIU" owl IJ " h \011/\ ,,, ,I, If (mc,1I/11 'ff r I 
1/1 ill) HJI1t: Ih, "ll!.!'" he/II "fIlJiI<lII (/'111 

\ 110 1/1/ ?/TIII/ml ll' tht 'Jill' 1l1l11 1/m/ ,fOliA \ 
/ '11111/1 Illtl ,,/III! / I/I/d /U}fJTlIJ " 111' II ,!t'lllA).' 

- Doniel Schick~le-

USE ... 
Your academic and staff' 
employees Credit Union 

I 
Want to 

improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs ... 
we'll help you pay not 
over pay with the best 
finanCing and terms 
allailable. 

University & Stete Employees 
Credit UnIon 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 Ave. 286~4210 

Keystone Kops 
Pam and Michael Rosenthal/ AFS 

" Heat ," the latest pro-
duct of th e Warhol factory, 
is an amazingly honest and 
funny movie about a group 
of floundering has-beens, 
near-psychopaths, and 
morons, set in a cheap L.A . 
motel and a ticky-tack Hol-
lywood Hills mansion . Be-
cause the Warhol chic-
decadent scene puts out 
such faddish , na sty and 
even reactionary vibes, it 
would have been a plea -
sure to dismiss the film as 
exploitative crap - except 
that it is too entertaining 
and affecting not to be 
taken seriously. 

It has never been easy to 
determine eKactly where 
Andy Warhol leaves off and 
Paul Morrissey (his long-
time cameraman) begins. 
Warhol is credited with no 
creative role in the making 
of " Heat, " and claims that 
he hasn't seen it. Yet 
" Heat" is clearly a Warhol 
picture, partaking of his in-
stantly recognizable am-
bience, at once lethargic 
and hysterical , and endless 
chatteri ng freak-out. War-
hol is becoming something 
like Walt Disney, whose 
name also stood for a set of 
qualities present in every-
thing that came out of his 
factories, although Disney 
himself could not even 
draw his famous signature . 

As Morrissey took over as 
director, he gave the films 
plots and structure, de-
veloped improvisatory 
techniques, and intro-
duced the spirit of War-
hol's passivity directly into 
the films, in the person of 
Joe Dallesandro, the still 
point among the swirl of 
frenzied rappers, an al-
most inert sexua l icon 
against who the other char-

COMMUN ITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

AYSDONOR 
for service 

Tue. - Fri . 
9:45-5:30 

Silt. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8326 

acters project their needs 
and frustrations . 

Dallesandro has a plea-
sant, rather dull per-
sonality, a glottal-stopped 
New York mumble, very 
little acting ability, and a 
face and ass that are the re-
fined essence of a muscle 
magazine . In "Heat" he 
plays an ex-child star who 
insinuates himself into an 
affair with a fading movie 
queen, hoping she will pro-
mote his comeba<:k. /t's a 
self-conscious remake of 
" Sunset Boulevard;" but 
while Gloria Swanson 's 
movie queen was a tragic 
figu re, played in grand 
style, Sylvia Miles' ex-star in 
" Heat" merely makes a liv-
ing as a panelist on TV quiz 
shows, smokes like a de-
mon, and cannot afford the 
upkeep on her Bel Air man-
sion . 

At other times, Joe is seen 
in his motel relating to a 
varied group of freaks, all 
rapping a mile a minute, in-
cluding Miles ' hysterical 
teenaged daughter , who 
carries her baby in a tote 
bag a nd sports ci ga rette 
burns on her breasts. 

There is no way to des-
cribe the plot that doesn 't 
make it sound hopelessly 
ridiculous. It is ridiculous. 
But the cast's willingness to 
be ridiculous allows them 
to expose parts of the that 
most movies ignore. They 
go through intr icate shout-
ing matches ("whaddays 
mean what do I mean?") 
tangled enough to rival a 
Marx Brothers routine, but 
flat, banal and honest . 

They certainly fit in well 
with the times. Their bored , 
second-hand relation to ex-
perience, which would 
have see med needlessly 
perverse in the Sixt ies , feels 
recognizably familiar in 
the present deflated at-
mo sphere . The Warhol 
troup are the Keystone 
Kops of the Nixon era, ex-
ecuting put-downs and 
ego-trips as though they 
were chases and pratfalls, 
careening through themes 
and lIariations on their 
wasted lives and corning 
back for more with as-
tounding resiliency. 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MAIO 
Introducin8 WIlD 'nJRUY 

SAN DIEGO fRI.DEC.8 7:30 PM 
~I srGB'l'1 AIlRA 

rlUffS n •• ADw .. aUlSl.no"'t' If ..... u. cu .. " ,,,"C"KI 
T1tc.(fS AVAll".U A' 'Ill GA.Lt'l MU1 STDIlES. 

AlLAII[IIA ,.,.11 AGlNCIU. SfIOJlt. A"EIIIA tlClET DHIC( , 
lIlun TIC"1t AGutl($ I" l A 

tAlllU ... 'rsHIJI TtClllIfUO .... TtO" 

I',odlll ,·,1 hy ( ()"I I III ,~~()( I' tl ~ 

Classics In Revie-w 
Charles Hyde 

I have been asked by 
several people, "How can I 
get into classical music?" 
The answer is actually easy. 
Given the opportunity, I'm 
sure most people will find 
classical music a welcome 
addition to their musical 
tastes. To a rock fan, it takes 
some "getting used to;" it is 
quite different from rock in 
several respects. 

The best thing I can sug-
gest is, go to concerts. 
There have been several 
concerts on campus. These, 
howeller, tend to empha-
size contemporary music; 
this is fine, but not repre-
sentative of th total mu sic 
literature. There are two 
groups of quite good quali-
ty that perform locally: the 
La Jolla Chamber Or-
chestra and the San Diego 
Symphony Or chestra . 
These collectively provide 
an opportunity to hear 
classical musi c for both a 
small and large ensemble. 

Following are review~ of 
concerts of these groups 
that I attended during the 
past few weeks. If my re-
views would in any way gille 
rise to the feeling that I 
didn ' t enjoy either con-
cert, this is unfounded. At -
tending a symphony con-
cert can be a truly exciting 
experience , and this is why 
I suggest going, ellen if the 
price be somewhat more 
than listening to the radio. 

On Nov. 10 and 11 the La 
JoII ·. Chamber Orchestra 
presented a concert of 
Twentieth Century works 
featuring Beverly Ogden, 
soprano. 

One thing made clear by 
this concert was the wide 
dillersi ty of musi c often 
collected under the title 
" modern music." One can 
hardly place Dar ius Mil -
haud's "La Creation du 
Monde " or Copland's 
" Music for the Theater," 
both works written in the 
'20's and influenced by jazz 
and Will Ogden's "Un Tan-
beau de Jean Cocteau" or 
Ernst Krenek's "Quintina" 
under the sa me heading of 
"modern music." The fifth 
piece, " Four Songs, Op. 13" 
by Anton Webern, is very 
different from any of the 
others. 

Certainly, however, there 
were many similarities. All 
were for a very small en-

semble; the largest was for 
the 4%aud, with 18 per-
formers . Four of the five 
composers are living to-
day . In all it was an ex-
cellently programmed con-
cert showing just what can 
be done with five pieces for 
small ensemble all written 
in this century without the 
hint of programmatic en-
nui. 

Anton Weber n (1883-
1945) was a member of the 
Vienna school of atonality. 
originated by Arnold 
Shoen berg. His music is un-
usually interesting, and 
these songs were no ex-
cept io n. Ms. Ogden per-
formed the difficult 12-tone 
melodic line with a type of 
mus ical intelligence and 
smoothness of tone that 
perfectly con trasted the 
sharp corners of actual 
music. I only wish the or-
chestra could have 
followed her relaxed, con-
trolled sty le. 

Darius Milhaud com-
posed his " La Crea tion du 
Maude" in 1923, two years 
before George Gershwin 's 
" Rapsody in Blue." Mil-
haud first heard jazz in Lon-
don in 1920, and was im-
mediatel y fascinated by 
musIc that was " .. ab-
solutely different from any-
thing I had ever heard be-
fore and was a revelation to 
me . .. its effect was so 
overwhelming that I could 
not tear myself away. " Thus 
we have a Frenchman try-
ing to copy the American 
Ja zz idiom The effect is 
quite different than Ger-
shwin , who I believe to be a 
jazz co mpo ser who or-
chestrated . The ballet is 
scored for 18 playe rs , with 
the notable inclusion of an 
alto saxophone. What is in-
teresting, I think, is that 
Milhaud used the sax not 
for the loud sections, but 
for the slow, lyrical sec-
tion. Another nice effect 
was the use of an oboe for a 
" blu es" section. The sound 
of the oboe is so perfect for 
the blu es that I'm sur-
prised I haven't heard it 
more often. Th is mus ic, 
wild and bizarre in the '20's, 
was so corny in the incor-
poration of "good even-
ing, : riends" that the aud-
ience just had to laught. 
That's fine, the piece was 
fun anyway. 

THIRD 
WORLD 

PEOPLE 
CONCERT 

Charlie hin 
Chri Iijima 

Joanne Miyamoto 
R ne ~(Peache "~loore 

and a lJecial Gues! 
Politi al education thru mu ic 

presented by the Third olleg 
All student and community 

people are invited. 
Donation to th 

Vietnam Medical upply Drive 
Reve ll aret ria 

8:0 pm Friday De ember 1 SO¢ 

" 

Will Ogden wrote three ficult and the melodies un-
pieces for clarinet and familiar Congratulation 
piano inspired by the death must bp given to con-
of Jean Cocteau in 1963. ducto r Jo hn Garvey fo r pro-
These provide the first, gramming such ad-
th ird and fifth movements venturous and excellen t 
of his "Un Tanbeau de Jean program~ 
Cocleau ." The second and The Diego Symphony 
forth movements are set- continued its growth and 
tlngs of the poem-cycle Imrovement with the pair 
" L'Ange Heurtebise: of concerts under Henry 
scored for soprano and MaLer, assIstant conducto r 
small orche~tra. It incor- with the Chicago sym-
porated aspects of Theater phony 
music; engaging photo- The concert opened with 
graphs of Cocteau, a clar- thp Lutoslawski "Little 
inet for the interlude, syn- Suite" for orchestra Witold 
chronized actions as well as Lutoslawski is one of Po-
playing for the orchestra, la 'l d's foremost co n-
and endrng with a scratch- temporary composers He, 
ing Victrola playing Edith like Bela Bartok and Zoltan 
Piaf. There was much to Kodaly in Czechoslovakia, 
think about in all aspects of was st,ongly influenced by 
the work. Worthy of men- folk music in hiS early com-
tion and not in the pro- positions The piece, 
gram notes was that this is written in 1950, reflects 
the first performance of the these influences. Although 
five-movement version. it was perf 0 r me d ex-

Aaron Copland's " Music (ellently bv the orchestra, 
for the Theater" is a fine shOWing special care with 
piece for showing transi- dynamln, I found the piece 
tions In mu sic In 1925 to be quite uninteresting. 
There were jazz elements "S was once said, most for-
(jazz meaning off-beat rhy- gotten musIc deserves II. 
thms, glissandos on the Violinist Danie l Herfitz 
clarinet and muted trum- Joined the orchestra for the 
pets ); theater music; Beetho,en Violin Con-
American country music , certo In D, Op 61 . Com-
and a lillie hrnt at " tone posed In 1806, it is a truly 
runs." This is not, how- remarkable work . It has d 
ever, Copland at hiS best , symphonic structure , rather 
although it was quite well - than appealing to VirtuosO 
played, With special men- display But don't let thiS 
tion due to fine oboe and dissuade you, It IS a concer-
English horn work. to for the virtuoso Heifitz 

The concert closed with produced a ful! and 
Ernst Krenek's "Quintina" beautiful tone best dls-
scored for percussion, flute , played I n the largetlo (se-
viola, guitar, tape , and cond mo"ement) . The 
soprano. For me, Qu intina whole outlook of the con-
was best looked at as a cert by Mazer was ex-
whole, rather than individ- tremeh romantIC; much 
ual ectlons In this respect too much for my tastes. 
it wa, impressive. The consIdering that thi<. I~ a 
soprano was used as a wo rk of 1806. As a result, 
voice, utilizing sprech- the music throughout 
stimme as a melody and as a seemed labored instead of 
companion to the tape joyful. While In most Clr-
Again , Ms . Ogden per- cumstance the ~oloist 
formed it In the manner wou Id ha...e recei.ed 
that prompted Krenek to JPplausc after the first 
say, " she is one of my movement, espeCially after 
favorite inte rpreters." an excellently played 

Another thing shown was caden7a , the audience was 
that ther are probablY few too drained to get excited 
things as difficult 'to per- The orche trial pia ing in 
form as Twentieth Century the third movement was 
music. The orchestra 's play- ragged , but once again 
ing wa tight and uneasy, Mazer Itept a firm , if very 
while the music, especiall romantiC, are upon the 
the Copland and Milhaud orche tra 
pieces, are relaxed in na- . d 
lUre. The rhythm are dif- continue on page 10 

... ., ... .. . ... ~ 

111bs.wax$1.98 
20 feet \\' ick. 29( 

40 ce nt s 0 -9c ea . 

W e have O\er 400 Different 
mold . to chao (' from. 

Elf Candle upply 

109 Morena Bl d . 276-6 90 
Across flom t Olom,1l rak~ 

Intersl. Ie S (0, ,I \\ orld 
Drrve Go l:a I to Morena BI\d 

1 n f~l tr> 1"(14) 
Mon) 

Page 13 Friday ,?ecember 1/ 1972 Triton Time 
h 



Refined Arts 

Christmas Concert 

Seven monumental steel 
sculptures by New York 
artist Michael Todd, now at 
UCSD, will be on display at 
the Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego, Dec. 2, 1972-Jan . 7, 
1973. 

This will be Todd's first 
major one-man show in a 
West Coast museum. The 
exhibition is comprised of 
works completed over the 
past year and show the art-
ist's involvement with 
"call ig raphy in space" as an 
extension of his interest in 
the consideratior.~ of for-
malist sculpture. 

Todd , a nHive of 
Nebraska, lived and studied 
in Paris from 1961 to 1963, 
and worked in New York 
until 1969 when he came 
west to join the UCSD art 

faculty . He is a graduate of 
the University of Notre 
Dame (B.F.A., magna cum 
laude, lSl57) and UCLA 
(M.A., 19~9) . He was on the 
Art Department staff of 
UCLA and Bennington 
College, Vermont, prior to 
coming to San Diego. 

Todd has exhibited :nter-
nationally, including one-
man shows in London, New 
York, Detroit and Washing-
ton, D.C., and has ex-
hibited in major group 
shows of young artists at the 
Whitney Museum of Art 
(1965, 1967, 1968, 1970); the 
Corcoran Gallery of Art 
(1 968 , 1969) ; the Lo s 
Angeles County Museum 
of Art (1967) ; and the 
Maeght Foundation, France 
(1 970) . Todd was a 1957-')11 

recipient of a Woodl'o~ 
Wilson Fellowship and a 
Fulbright Scholarship to 
Paris, 1961-63. 

Approximately eight re-
cent canvases by Gary Hud-

, son will be on view at the 
Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego, Dec. 2, 1972-Ian. 7, 
1973. 

The exhibition reveals 
the artist 's exploration of 
the color field and a con-
cern for the emotional ex-
perience of color and its 
structure. Hudson has re-
ceived laud its as one of the 
most promising young 
painters among the so-
ca lled "lyrical abstract" 
colorists. 

A native New Yorker, 
Gary Hudson attended the 
Yale School of Art and 

Architecture where he 
ceived his M.F.A. degree 
1966. He is currently on th 
faculty of the nAn~.·t~Anti 
of Visual Arts 

The artist has 
internationally in rnllnon .. 1 
Germany (1971) as . 
nationally with an 
sive list of major 
to his credit. These i 
museums in New York /C 
Cleveland, Ina.ianapoli 
Philadelphia, Phoenix an 
Santa Barbara . He is 
cluded in the 
collections of the Wh 
Museum, the Worcester 
Museum and others. 

A preview reception 
scheduled Dec. 1, from 5 
to 7:30 p.m. The La Jolla Civic-Univer-

sity Orchestra and Chorus 
will present two perfor-
mances of its Christmas 
concert Sunday, Dec. 10. 

Museum of Art preceding 
the performances in Sher-
wood Hall . Ed Harkins, pre-
sently of the Project fort-------------- --------.--- -------------------l 

One will be held at 4 
p.m., following the Christ-
mas pa rad e through La 
Jolla . The other will be at 8 
p.m. Both will be held in 
Sherwood Hall, 700 Pros-
pect St., La Jolla. 

The orchestra and chorus 
will be conducted by Ed -
win London, noted com-
poser and musician , who is 
currently visiting professor 
at the UCSD Department of 
Music. 

Tickets for the per-
formances can be pur-
chased at the " Turntable" 
music store in La Jolla , and 
at the box office of Sher-
wood Hall on the day of the 
concerts . For more infor-
mation, please call 454-
0068. 

A brass quintet will also 
present a short program of 
Christmas music in the 

atio of the La Jolla 

Music Experiment at UCSD, 
and Pamela Sawyer, UCSD 
music major, will play 
trumpet. Steven Follin, Ted 
Grove and Carol Taylor, 
other UCSD music stu-
dents, will play trombone. 

The program to be pre-
sented by the orchestra and 
chorus includes " Messe de 
Minu it pour Noel " by 
Charpentier . The work is 
based on French Christmas 
carols and scored for solo-
is ts , four-part mixed 
chorus, flutes, strings, and 
organ. It is one of Char-
pentier's most charming 
masses . Solo ists are Phoebe 
Simmons, soprano; Linda 
Vi c kerman, mezzo-
soprano; Howard Crook, 
tenor; and Philip Larson , 
baritone. 

Music-Go-Round 
Students from UCSD will 

participate in the Music-
Go- Round Home Tour to 
be held on Saturday, Dec. 9 
from 2-5 p.m . Sponsored by 
the La lolla Civic-Univer-
sity Orchestra, ticket pro-
ceeds from the tour will be 
used for scholarship chairs 
and orchestra funding . 

Five houses in the La Jolla 
Farms area have been sel-
ected for uniqueness in de-
sign, landscaping, art 
collections or other out-
standing features. The resi-
dence of the Thomas 
Turneys will give visitors the 
unusual opportunity of ob-
serving the inner st ruc ture 

ot a house still under con-
struction. The other four 
homes are those of the 
Daniel Steinbergs, Harry 
Polonitzas, Harold Franks, 
and lacob Bronowskis. 

UCSD faculty and stu -
dents and local residents 
will provide musical enter-
tainment in each of the 
homes . . Some of the stu -
dents taking part are: Da-
mian Bursi ll - Hall, Omal 
Ramirez, Robert Barto , 
Martin Owen, lames Stark : 
and Ronald Robboy. 

For ticket information, 
please call 454-0068, 453-
0112, or 459-8331 . 

Mrs. Simmons has had 
extensive professional ex-
perience in opera and 
music comedy. Miss Vicker-
man , Larson , and Crook 
have also sung profession-
ally in opera, oratorio and 
recitals. They are all pre-
sently with the UCSD Pro-;::;::=:=::~::: je ct for Music Experiment. 

Also on the program is a 
cantata by Buxtehude, " Das 
Neugeborne Kindelein ." 
Buxtehude was a famous 
German organist of the late 
Seventeenth Century who 
initiated the " Abend -
musiken," programs of or-

ceramics sala' 
A new collection of ceramic works by the UCSD student 
ceramics co-op goes on stile Dec. 6, 7 .lind 8 .lit the crafts 
center, located opposite the southeast corner of the 
gym. PoHery .lind sculpture will be on stile all dOlY. 

by Joe Orton 

A won d erfully re freshing force 
ttl t ~e con sul inq room of en 
ob,urd psyc h'otric clinic. The 
funn,es t peep show this sid e 
of 0 keyhole . A 1970 O b ie 
Awo rd winne r ... wilh good 

gan mu sic and con cert 
pieces for chorus and or-

. chestra held annuall y on 
the five Sunda ys before 
C hr istmas in Lubeck. 

R o b ert Sc humann 's 
" Sympho ny No . 1" will re eso n. 

.. _________ .. c onclud e the con cert. 

The phght of I - 0 tromps 
wo I:ng hopef. ;l y lor 0 

perso~age to 'live meaning to 
the" e)l'lstence Wi ll touch you 
w,lh p,ty. rod (00 w,th loughter 
ond lodge in II e corner of 
your mind foreve" . 

The 
"CompJeat" 

Sunday Brunch 

Treat the entire family to 
a delicious buffet brunch that 

includes the widest variety 
of dishes found anywhere. 

FROM 9 :30 A. M . TO 2 P. M. 
La Jo/[a V"'age Drive 

at Interstate 5 

Page 14 Tr iton Times Friday, December 1, 1972 

EXCHANGE OR 
RENT,YOUR 

HOME THIS VACATION 
VACA nON EXCHANGE 

provides listings of available 
teacher homes throughout 

California, New York 
for free mfor mation, wr ife 

Symphony 
Under the baton of guest 

conductor Michael Zearott, 
the San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra will play an all-
orchestral program the 
evenings of Dec. 7 and 8, at 
8 p.m., in Civic Theatre. 
These performances mark 
Zearott's first appearance 
with the orchestra and the 

orchestra's first perfo 
mances of particular 
by Ginastera and Sibelius. 

Tickets for the Dec. 7 
8 programs, as well a 
future San Diego Sym 
phony Orchestra events 
are available at Civi 
Theatre and all Metro 
ket agen~ies . 

The Tige~ 
TONIGHT!!! FREEII! The 

Drama Department pre-
sents two student project 
productions at 8 p.m. in the 
UCSD Theatre. Take a study 
break and end the quarter 
with a laugh. 

The first production is a 
scene called " The Shock of 
Re cognit ion" from the 
hilarious comedy "You 
Know I Can't Hear You 
Wh en the Water's Run-
ning ." This scene deals 
theatrically with the ques-
tion : " Can a man brush his 
teeth bare-assed on stage?" 

and is directed by 
The second prese 

is a sati rical one-act 
Murray Schisgal -
Tiger ." "The Tiger" 
enacted by Kim Alexande 
and John Greenleaf and 
compasses politics, ed 
tion, sex - and, above al 
FUN . 

There is no admissi 
charge and refresh 
will be available du 
term iss ion. 8 p.m., 
Theatre, behind the 
store on the Matt 
Campus. 

Book Songs 
A ~ala "Music in the lib-

rary" afternoon will be pre-
sented at 4 p .m ., Sunday, 
Dec. 10, as part of a series of 
events sponsored by the 
Friends of the UCSD lib-
rary to acquaint the public 
with the library services 
available at UCSD. 

Musical entertainment 
and refreshments will be 
available in the lobby of the 
Central University Library, 
and guests for the after-
noon are free to wander 

. through the library 
facilities . 

A trio for cello, violin, 
and piano will present 
Mendelssohn's "Trio No. 
1," Opus 49, in D Minor. 
Performers are John Haak, 
assistant university librar-
ian, who will play the cello; 
Dr. lohn Goodkind, Associ-
ate Professor of Physi cs, 
who will play the violin; 

and Barbara (Mrs. 
rence) Schneiderman, wh 
will play the piano. 

Dr . Jef Raskin of th 
UCSD Department of Vis-
ual Arts has been very se-
cretive about his mus 
plans for the after 
festivities, but if his music 
anything like his famed 
fascina t ing room divi 
maze and toy show exhi 
tions, the guest are in 
anoth er successful su 
pri se. In the past Raskin 
recorder ensembles 

,been very well received . 
President of the Frie 

of the UCSD library, which 
has the appearance of a 
glass-encased flying 
cer, had approximately 
million visitors last 
The combined UCSD I 
rary facilitie s will soon 
acquiring their 
millionth volumn. 

, 

.-.. ~. 

• 

Fri. Sat. Sun.: 5:45, 7:20, 8:55, 10:30 Mon.-Thurs.: 7:00,8:35,10:10 
Page 15 Friday December 1, 1972 Triton Time~ 



The Climax That 
f\lever Came 

For those of you who are 
not the least bit interested 
in water polo, sto p right 
here, get a good laugh from 
a couple of the pictu res and 
move along to something 
more up your alley. This 
article has litt , ~, to entice 
you, for it is, in a sense, the 
antithes is of the season ; it is 
long and involved. But if 
you have the interest, and 
your eyes ca n stand just a 
touch more exercise, then 
sit back and re lax as we 
e n deavo r t o r evie w 
the most perplexi ng season 
ever to befall the UCSD 
water polo tea m, the most 
recent ly dubbed " Wreck of 
72." 

Whe n you start to build a 
team you generally search 
out talent and skill, right? 
(Unless it is a coed team, 
which of course merits 
attention to other necessary 
qualities.) Unfortunate (or 
fortunately , depending 
upon your point of view)! 
UCSD has always been un-
able to manage to buy 
talent like quite a few other 
schools manage to do. So it 
was a wonder last year 
when the team went 15 and 
5 in a tough schedule, in 
truth, lo~ing only to three 
tea ms all year. But was It 
really out of line, then, to 
be optimistic about this 
year when theoretically 
only one starter would b 
lost to transfer? We'll v n-
ture a ' no' to that question, 
and go a step further to 
claim thai before practice 
qarted this team wa s 

• 
• I ~'.;: 

~ 
- . ;.,. 

~tac ked better than any in 
UCSD history. And that was 
even before Volup tuous 
Val e r ie cam e on the 
scene ... 

But then an unfortunate 
th ing happened, practice 
did start. Not to say that 
practi cers were bad (we'll 
save that for later), but they 
started just a little late. Like 
two or three wee ks. Why? 
Because with no water in 
the pool you 're incessantly 
on the bottom, which is of 
course against the rules. 
Yes, drain ing the pool is an 
annual disaster, but th is 
yea r it didn 't seem so had, 
because it was o ne of the 
nicer th ings th at th ose 
Depar tm enta l people in 
power did for the team th is 
yea r . It theoretically 
stimulated unity in the face 
of adversity, and all that rot. 
And all was not lost , there 
was always the ocean ... 

That first week of practice 
was decently good hard 
work , characterized by the 
typical " hi, who-are-ya-
and- where- do- ya- come-
from? " air, which an Influx 
of new faces brings every 
season. Though still puting 
in fewer hours than most 
schools, progress was being 
made. Stoner was gelling 
his hands back (he'd sent 
them out to be cleaned); 
Liska wa getting his mouth 
back; Pickle, was getting his 
hole shots back; Hoff was 
getting his hair back, and 
Pixie 's voice was starting to 
deepen . In retrospect 
things were going as well a~ 

~rac lice makes perfect, and another choke is on 
Its way. Photo Eastern. 

OR-GRO 
A Natural Food Supermark et 
Specia l Order Your Organically Raised 

Christma s Turkeys at Or-Cra 

And Allo For The Holidays 
Ve Have Altade na -Egg Nog ((l,79¢/ qt . 

And For UCSD Shoppf'rs 
Cord ll!; ~ (ii l) ~/I h. 

/ag~ J? ~ril nlT,im ,5 rriday, Decembe r 1, 1972 

Victory, like L isk,,'s bilIJ, was always just a little out 
of reach. Photo Eastern. 
could be expected. But, it 
was during tha t first week 
of practice that everybody 
- I mea n everybody, made 
a catastroph ic mistake th at 
was to effect the e nti re 
season. 

Tha t mistake was pinin g 
over a mythical goa lie, who 
for practical purposes si mp-
ly didn't exist. When it was 
established that Parmer was 
a thing (thing with 
emphasis) of the past, peo-
ple just sort of built it into 
their minds that we were in 
trouble in that posi tion . It 
was a psychological thi ng 
from which the team at 
least partially bounc d 
back . But the Parmer 
Paradox made the players 
and th e c oache s, un -
comciously, exactly what 
this article is doing. It made 
people fo c us on the 
problem and the past, 
rather than on Beautiful 
Bogseth and the ~olution 
for the present. That was 
something that Poor Passive 
Paul never recovered from . 

In a feeble attempt to 
correct that, we'll spotlight 
Paul for a moment. Th re IS 
no doubt that he was 
slighted, at practice he 
wasn't even introduced. 
Every new goalie's in -
tell igence is, of cou rse , 
suspect. It's like voluntarily 
choosing to be the ass ista nt 
in a knife-throwing act, and 
the way our team hoots, 
well, the act just wouldn't 
last but a minute. And 
Paul's head is covered with 
just about as much fuzz as a 
W.". ball, undoubtedly in-
spiring doubt as to whether 
he would be able to blend 
with the tea m's genera lly 
sc uzzy ap pearance . But 
aft er a few tu rns in the goal, 
Pau l's ab ilit y was es-

tab lished. The problem was 
that a lt hough it registered 
in every body's mind that he 
was good , it didn't inspire 
any action . It didn' t inspire 
support , confidence, or 
development . Zero fo r 
three, gang. To the older 
playe rs especially, it was 
evi d e nt th at Paul had 
perhaps the grea test poten-
tial of any goa lie to come to 
UCSD, even th e immortal 
Stonewall Revie of the Tom 
Crocke r e ra. But at the end 
of th e season, Paul was still 
a goa lie with potential and 
not a goalie with pride. His 
mind wouldn't be lieve in 
his abi lities and the team 
didn't show much sincere 
belief in him. He is famous 
for yelling anguished four-
letter words even befo re 
the ball has passed him. 
Paul has to start thinking 
when he stops a ball , 
"Nobody could have 
stopped that but me ... ", 
instead of when a ball goes 
by h im, "Parmer would 
have had that." In fact, Paul 
probably just ought to qui t 
thinking, for tha t seems to 
be when greatness makes 
itself mo st evident in 
athletics - dOing, no t 
deciding ... 

So I went the first week, 
which was at best only par-
tially preparatory fo r the 
first game. Perhaps it was 
the time fado r, perhaps the 
distraction of drilli ng wi th 
Valerie, especially for the 
beardless freshmen who 
had never drilled with a gi rl 
in any way, or perhaps it 
was just a co mbination of 
little th ings. Whatever it 
was, it showed in that fi rst 
ga me, as it was to show in 
every ga me thereaft e r. Ex-
act ly e ight da ys aft e r the 
Autumnal Equinox and five 

And ru ffl es. And melting 
soft knits. The soft , clingy 
looks tha t spell ALL·GIRL 
for when jean s Just WON'T 
do. There are such times 
. .. be ready for the 
moment I 

tive ly die , and Oxy wa s 
polite enough to bu ry them 
before things rea lly started 
to st ink. People le ft with 
that pa radoxical thought on 
th eir minds, " I fe lt like we 
cou ld have blown them out 
if we'd made the eHort." 

" Made the effo rt ... ' For 
the next several weeks, the 
initial effor t was just as 
preva le nt as in the first 
game. But unfo rt unately, 
when you're hot and cold 
in a game, co ld is the wrong 
one with which to finish. In 
ten of the fou rteen games 
this yea r, the good guys 
were a head at the end of 

Continued on page 17 

- Tlte tJNI~ Cillefll3 I Voluptuous ViiI, geHing 
Cap tain Stone r and the [ventngSlhrough Wednesday 
rest o f the gang up for WilD STRAWBERRIES II 
the game. Pho to Easte rn . I 

"'EL TOPO' is AN 
EXTRAORDINARY 
MOVIE!" 

I DO I II Ii I S ..... 1111 , ,, ~IM" 1<1, ... 
• "lSe .. fnrut mil I._ arlWlll .. ~ 

. 14 

I Never Sang For My Father 
Il". I USI IIlI /I, men cam 

A le.slllYI' w"k aHlt I. onliel'., 
Ilt~rr ,,~ .11 ,h' '"~ 
LUF-l shorter IiIm. 
-

Begmnlng 1 hursday 

Fellini's THE CLOWNS 
SIXTH TOUR NEE OF ANIMATION 

• 
Saturday ,I MldnlgM 

TH[ NOCTURNal CINEMA 
OUR RElATIONS 

(1131) lurel , IIf'''' peactfllllil ltHtl 
&It t'rultlU~' lin Ihkes 

- Zimmermall, Newswetk Brochures for futur~ 
~ ~1114 I prOgramming available 
Pa cific Coa., Hwy. al 'D' SI. at Box Office 

£ncinl,,," -7,):jJ$5I ! 
... ~ .......... ~ ............. ~ , 7456 LajollaBlvd. 459-4341 

in concert 

MAXAYN! 
(a rhythm & blues group 

not to be missed) 
Dec. 1 

8:30 P.M. UCSD Gym 

$1 .50 UCSD Students 
$2.50 General 

Tickets on Sale in 
UREY HALL LOBBY 
(11 -3 p.m_) & at the gym door 

• 

I I 

~"tf* SI-1I1 Llicb ••• 
Semla & Buchbinder 

Here we go again , ga ng, actual test game played by extremely slight, but while sc rew up . Picking t he 
and let 's hope we hit it this ye ole computer, t he there is life there is hope . pla yoff be rt hs. Here we go. 
time . Because we ' re so Browns never eve figu red Why not? AF C. Eas t : (as if you 
ashamed of our record that in the game. But since we Th e C h a r g e r s h a v e didn' t already know) Miami 
we don 't even remember neve r tru st fig ures and loo ked pretty impressive Dolphins . Central : 
what it is. always seem to screw up thei r last two times out, and Pittsburgh St elers. West : 

Today's fir st p rediction beca use of it , we o nly have stopped throwing in- Oakland Raid rs . Open 
invo lves the AFC Central predic t Pi tt sbur g h and terce pt io ns a nd ma king Position : Cleveland 
Div ision t itle. Pittsbu rg h Franco Har ris to win by crucia l fu mbl es that have Browns. This means that 
and Cleveland are about to something like six point~. cost them every game they 0 a k I and will face 
have their final showdown This week's second game h a vel 0 s t t his yea r . Pittsburgh and Miami will 
fo r th e laurels. Both teams involves somet hing closer Prog ressive ly they have face Cleveland in the AFC 
nee d t o w i nth i sa n d to home, and there just closed the ga p between playoff games. The r*esults 
neith er can aff ord to lose, might be an out sid chance themselves and the Raiders will pro b a b I y s how 
so we ex pect a hard-hitt ing, tha t this could be .In ex- (their last co ntest, you Pittsburgh and Miami the 
ro ugh football game . It trpmely important game. recall, was a tie). This time winners, and Miami should 
should at least be more Alt hough the MC West is on the home field, facing a beat Pittsburgh handily for 
exciting than th e New York not nearly as strong as it has not-so-st rong as-in-the- the MC championship. 
G ia n t s p I a yi n g the been in the past, Oakland, past Raider defense , and FC : East: Was hington 
Philade lph ia Eag les. Kansas City and possibly with a mu h stronger Redskins . Central ' DetrOi t 

Pittsburgh's surprise-of- even the improbably (although one may not Lion s. We s t : Atlanta 
the-yea r offe nse goes Ch arge rs stand a chance of know it by a glance at the Falcons. Op en Posi tion : 
against Cleveland , which is taking the division title. standings and Point s Dallas Cowboys. With such 
me re ly the surprise of the That the Chargers could Against) Charger defense, more or I 55 mediocre op-
season. From nowhere the win the title would be the Chargers may just have position , George All n's 
Browns have ris n to the something short of a a chance of repeating, in a Redskin s should have no 
posi tion of definite con- miracle, because to do so, _ smaller version, their 1971 problem captur ing the FC 
tend ers. Makin g few errors they would have to win all massacre upset of the championship. 
in th ei r last few games, and th ree of thei r fi nal games, Minnesota Vikings (35-10) . 50 until Miam i meets 
sim pl y playing football to Oakl and would have to lose At any rate, contrary to all Was hi n g ton at the 
wi n, the Brown s have - all three and Kansas City we've just said, the com- Coliseum for Superbowl 
won. But all of this Pat- would have to lose at least puter picks the Raiders to VII, toodle-oo and have a 
ton ish courage and glory- two of their fina l three out- take it away and the divi- good vacation watching all 
hunting mig ht not be ings. Th e likeli hood of all sion tit le by three points. the hundreds of college 
eno ugh to turn the Steel these st ra nge things oc- Now for fun time, kids. bowl game s. From the 
ti de of Pittsburgh. In the curring seem to us to be This is where we really Esoteric to the Rose Bowl, 

T r ito n s P I ace 5 e con d lUOK a t:~rt:h ~::a~:1. and the team 
II I 5 -I- M finished 2nd, only 3 points behind I n A C a a I I n g e e t National Champion UCI. Other awards - were the best bartender of the year to 

. . CLA S J St t tc Jeff MacDermaid of UCI for making the 
The sail ing team returns wi th one. of Oxy, UCSc., U , an ose a e, e . best rum and cokes. Best timer of the 

the best teams ever We have returning The team s next showdown was the . t h ' R 
" 1 ' II - I h Id ' M' ion Bay last year was given 0 mat major amsey 

va rsity sa l ors Ga ry Lee, Ramsey Su and A -La Regatta e In ISS . . Su of UCSD for not knowing how to tell 
Ca n.dy Bu.rh o p , plu s o ur top draft we~kend . . The r~ces ~e re sailed I~ 4 minutes from 5. He wa~ told to count 
chO ices Mike Shear, Peggy Brown and Flying JUniors With s pln nake~s: T7is his fingers but unfortunately he was 
Ca ndy Kielhorn . The first race of the event is . know~ to ?e . tradltlona y suck in his thumb at the time. Best 
yea r was the North -South rega tt a at tough. ThiS year s en tries Included last g h' f h d 
L k L Th

' d ' . UC LA t he North sportsmans Ip 0 t e yea awar was 
a e opez . e Win was gusting up to yea r s WI nner .' . . iven 10 Rand of UCB for otestin 

40 knots but the fea rl ess UCSD team American Inte rcollegiate Sailing Cham- g b d . YI pr B gt 
k 

. . UC I h d h t UCB and the not some 0 y 10 a most every race. es 
too an Im pressive 5th out of 16 entries. pion , t ~ reo 0 team of the year was awarded to UC 
Rookie of the year Mike Shear was worth men tioning UCSC and UC R .. I I f" h f 

'1' h 'A' d ' .' . d ' t UCSD sta rted off by Winning Riverside for 14 ast p ace lOIS es out 0 
saling t e IVlslo n an ou r pro l eams.. .. . " . 14 races. 
vete ran Ramsey Su was sailing 'B' The everything In Sight un til B sk ipper N ' 11 b th Ch ' 
hig hlight of that weekend wa s ~hen Mik e Shear got thrown out of a race by R ext regattaB wllb e e rlstmas 

h k d B k I k
· egatta at a oa Yacht Club, 

ou r tea m scored a 2198 to 100 victory t e snea y no goo er e ey s. Ippe~ . D b 16 & 17 
over the Occidental team on th e pin- G~ ry Lee, however" k; pt . ~<:>ln g .hls ecem er . 

The smile of a lucky winner: Lorraine Kimball , a 
secretary in the PhYSical Education offICe, won a trip to 
Snow Mass, Colorado, 10 the rallip sponsored by the 
UCS D Ski Club. Thp drawing was hplrl th(' Wedm'!<ddv 
bt'fore Thanksgiving . The Ski <:Iub would II~!' to thank 
all thos Involv('d In the raffle , tho\(' that pur(ha~ed 
ticket\ and thosE' who helped to srll them 

Sunris(' 6'43 '>unset 455 

Dpc. 2, Sal. 
Dec. 3, Sun 
D('c4, Mon 
Dec. 5, Tues . 

AM Ht . PM Ht AM HI. PM HI 
645 6.2 8:093912 '21 1.81 :5002 
7 14 6.3 8:45 3.9 12 : 51 2.0 2 25 0.5 
Z:4364 9:2339 1:242.125406 
8:09 6.5 10 '00 38 1 52 22 329 07 

Sunset 4:55 Sunrise 6 47 
Dec 6. Wed 
Dec 7, Thur s. 
Dec 8. Fri . 

8'42 6.4 10 :35 3.7 2 23 2.3 4 02 07 
911 6.4 11 .06 3.7 25224 4·34 0.6 
9 44 6.2 11 48 37 3'23 2.5 508 0.4 

Water Polo 
Continued from page 16 

the first period . They were 
ahead at the end of the last 
stanza in only SIX of those 
fou rteen. And of those six, 
well , to be honest, only one 
of those teams was worth 
getting into the water with . 
If you look at it in those 
negative terms, there were 

actuallv on IV twO VictOrieS, 
yes wr did beat that leam 
tWice .. 

GettlOg back to effort , it 
must be pOinted out that it 
was a scarce thing during 
the whole year In one form 
or another Its scarcity was 
reflected early 10 the season 
by a slight absence of atten-
tiveness on the part of the 
coaches . It materialized 
among the mob-squad later 
Continued on page 11 

ball ma chin e. Other schools at the thing and won the A d iVISion titl e 
rega tta included USC, San Diego State, overall by ? efeating AII -Am~ ri ca n Jeff 
UCI, UCB, UCR, Chi co State, Cal Poly, I Ma cDerm,a~d from ~CI. Mike Sh ear Would you share malt liquor with a friend? 

ure. Now th e re's no question about it. Be~u5e now mall liquor has a good 
nam e. BU DWEI ER. BU DWE I ER Malt Liquor is IOO%·mall, mal! liquor ( no 

o ther grains a re added). T h is make BUDWEl ER the first mall liquor 

700 &900 

Dec. 4 6 
'Sll[NT RUNNING' 

'TWO LANE BlACKTOP' 
100830 tOl5 

Dec. 7 
·YORA. TORA . TORA' 

700 &930 

Dec. 8 10 
'THE POSSESSION OF 10EL DElANEY 

'THE OTHER ' 
700 9 00 10.30 
Dec. 11' 14 

'THE GO BETWEEN' 
CLAIRE'S KNEE' 
1009oo ti 00 

Dec.l5 17 
'IHE SURF MOYIE' 

700&900 

Dec. 1821 
w.e. fiElD S-MAE WEST fESTIVAl 

100900 1100 

Dec. 22 24 
'ODWNHItL RACER' 

SNOW JOB ' 
100900 1010 

Dec.25 
CLOm 

MERRY CHRISTMAS 
Dec. 2630 

'UE STRAW DOGS' 
'CIIOr 

'THE MIlUNG OF SISlER ;EOIGE' 
700900 II 00 
Dec. 31 

fm CARTOONS 
HlO '!t11200am 
~i'" 

Wine Baskets 
an d Cheese Gift Boxes 

Mai led Anywh re 

WE HAVE ~ CJF WIN£' J l-OTS of GtE:E5E: ••... . . 
'TERRIFK. ~CMlI(I-\ES TOO! 
corkd cheddar 

1412 C~I~ ~l:. ~t. (~at"s"8u.I(!s) 

Ihat r ea ll y is .•. _m alt liquor . 

The first malt liquor 
good enough to be 

called BUDWEISER . 

Pag 17 Friday D cember 1, 1972 Tr ito n Times 



P.nw.llng hUI h.h. th. 'proullng rro"" 
,nd dm.s the grain Rootlets are screened off. 

Because: mah is so important in .:0.... 
brewing. we use the fintSt Wtstcrn 
two· row barley Jv~ilJble in addition 

_rJ. nc MlCiwcst six ·row vuicty. The utra 
of this premium b,rley is worth it, since 

it mlhs for J milder, more pleasant bter. Here, 
our borle, i. forst cleaned. g .. ded . washed 
.nd steeped. then .1I0wed to germinate for. 
minimum of fi\c 1"),,5 under I gentle Stream 
of humid lIT In slo" ly mo" ' n~ drum . 

Th. duned b.rI.y m.1I "stored unlll n«d~d for 
8nnolnlt In Ih. Bltw House 

T ht grouDt! rice and bulcy malt arc wetted 
" ,th clear. f,hered " ,Ier (.bsolutely iJ'QI for 

quaJ.ty hre",ng ) ,nd cooked Thll m .. h IS then 
st rJln c:d In huge hn1:s. prodUCing a clear amber 
liqUId called ",ort . 

Hop, .'" Ih. ",euoning" of fin. beer. Only the choicesl imported hop. 
from Ih. honored fIeld. of Central Europe .nd Ihe vcry best of domellic blm,om. 

from the "ellern United 5"te, arc USed in bre .. ing Bud .. "ser. (Absolutely no 
,XlraCl" used I) The resuh i. Bud". rich. mild uom, 'nO 'n,P?y, refreshing U'''. 

Hm. Ihese choice hop.1fC Idd.d to Ih. wor!, ",hich i. boil.d in gilnt brew 
hili .. untilihe .. or I hIS Issum.d juS! Ihe right delicate hop flavor. 

The hopped .. art is " .. ined. 
pumped 10 cooling lOW", .• nd 

Ihen 10 fermenl ing cellars. Y"'I. m.de 
from our own spec i,l pure culture. 
i, .dd.d .nd ferm.n lalton begin •. 

Many beers .. au ld be re.dy f~r artifici.1 Clrbonalion. fitlering .nd bottling .1 Ihis point. bUI nol BuO"'ei'er. 
Inst"d. " goes t~ hug. Iln~s In Ihe 1'8er cell ars. Her •. b«ch ... ood strip. arc .pread across Ih. hallam of each 
I.ger lank. b." " pump.d In, freshly yea".o .. orl is .dd.d. and Ihe beer i •• llowed 10 carbon.te itsell nol . 
... lIy as it ferm.nts .nd Iges, slo .. ly .nd quietly I second lime. 

(ThIS IS the UclUSI\C S"dwclkr Beechwood AgeIng proc:cn. It tikes morc lime 
["I"lIy IS mvch is ,II,rr rimrs as 1011(1 II Iht process lOme becrs usd) Inei coSU 
morc moncy. but the StflP~ of bt:cch .. ood pro" de clln surratc for Ihc brewers' 
ycut 10 c:llng 10- And hdp chnry the beH IUlunll),.) 

The fin.1 step: the beer" ",dully 
f,l lereO - creating the ,pulling , 
bnll"nce and cl,rlty lhll h,\c made 
Budwclser f,m ous ~hroughout 
the industry. lind Ih ... arid. 

For a 20" x 28'11" BudweIser BreWing Chart arl prtnl In full color, send $ 1 check or mon d yor e r payable to: BREWING CHART, Anheuser-Busch, lnc., Dept C , Box &861, St. Louis, Missouri, 63102 

Pag lt1 I mon 11m 5 t-rlday, Oecemb r 1, 1972 

general 
On Thursday, Dec. 7, 
UCSD Women will meet 
in Conference Room A on 
Mathews Campus. 

Thurs. Dec. 7, 8:00 p.m. 
San Diego State Univ . 
Aztec Center, Counctl 
Chamber 
DEBA TE- ABORTlON: A 
WOMAN'S RIGHT TO 
CHOOSE 
Speakers: PRO-Matilde 
Z i m m e r.m ann, Pa s t 
National Coordina tor , 
Women's NatIonal Abor-
lion Aclion Coalition , and 
former Professor, Histo ry 
of Women. 
CON - Pal Evangelou, 
M.D. President, San DIego 
Pro-life League 
for more information call 
S.D.W.A.A.C. c/o Nancy 
Uh l: 583-1635 or 583-3430 

On Dec. 7, a presentation 
of the R/V Alpha Heli x 
Solomon Island Expedi-
tion will conclude this 
semes te r's Thursday 
Sumnernoon Lecture 
Se .. ·, , I Scripps Institu-
tion ,- ' Oceanography, 
Il niversl ,y of California, 
Sail Diegn. David He lland , 
a marine technician with 
the Physiotoglcal 
Research Laboratory, will 
be the noontime speaker 
in Sumner Auditorium on 
the Scripps campus in La 
Jo lla . 

The public IS invi ted 
and welcome to bring a 
sack lunch. (12/ 1) 
Dr. Leonard J Mirman, U. 
of Massachusem De pt. of 
Economics, will speak on 
"Risk Aversion with Many 
Commodities", 3:30 p.m., 
USB 3020. 

ATTENTION CAMPUS 
VETERANS: In order that 
you may continue to 
receive you r monthly 
educational a ss istance 
payments under the G I. 
Bill , it is necessary that you 
co ntact the Special Ser-
vice s OffIce, 250 
Matthews Campus, ext 
2394, to confirm your class 
schedule for the up -
coming Winter Quarter 
1973. Failure to do so may 
result in te rm ination of 
these benefits. This matter 
should be handled before 
th first weck o f the new 
quam·r . (12/1) 
Dr. JudIth Thornton, Univ. 
of Washi ngton Dept. of 
Economics, will speak on 
"Estimating the Potential 
Output of Soviet In-
du stry." 3 p . m., USB 
3030B. 

announcements---------. 
The student informatIon 
cenler EDNA IS now open 
to serve the UCSD com-
munity. It you need stu-
dent or fa cul ty phone num-
bers, info about on or off 
campus events, fides, in 
short - AN YTHI NG! GIve 
EDNA a calt at 453-EDNA 
(453-3362) or K1176 EDNA is 
open MOflda y throu!!h 
Friday 9 a.m.-7 p.m. and on 
the weekends 11 a m.-5 
p.m Got a quesllon l Call 
EDNA (EF) 

The Third College Faculty 
and Admlnlstrallve Staff 
Meeting will bl' held on 
Dec. 5, 1972, at 4 p.m., In 
the Tioga Hall Con-
ference Room (Muir Re-
sidence Hall)-11th Floor 
(12/ 1) 

REMINDER .. REMINDER. 
.DON'T FORGET DEC 8. 

ALL STUDENT & EXPIRED 
FACULTY/STAFF 
LOCKE RS MUST BE 
CLEA RED OR RENEWED 
BY FRI ., DEC.B-RETUR 
lOCKS & TOWELS TO 
FQI;IPMENT CAGE 

NOTE-~ $5 FINE WILL BE 
LEVIED AGAINST THOSE 
WHO FAIL TO CLFA R 
LOCKERS LOCKERS 
MAY BF RENE\\ED BY 
PRESE TI G WI""HR 
Q UA RTER 'S REGISTRA-
TIO fEE lARD AT 
EQUI PMF NT CAGE BY 
ABOVE DATE, IT DOES 
NOT HAVE ro BE 
VALIDATED . O'JE CAN 
STill CHECK OUT 
EQUIPMENT AND/ OR 
TEMPORARY LOCKERS 
FOR THr REMA I DER OF 
DfC WITH THIS 
QLARTER'S ID CARD 
PLEA E COOPERATE & 
AVOID THE FINEI!, 

The Caldornia Slatp 
Governm n' offers 
barh('lors\ de~ree can-
diddlPs in tprpsling and reo 
warding carE'er oppor-
tunltlps in a Vdflf'ty of or-
rupallonal ftpld;. '>omp of 
the Jobs tha i dre availabl,· 
include . Junlol Ih .. rrlsl 
EconomIc Anal,sl Train('p, 
Applipd S(I.·~(e' Pro· 
grammer I, Slallstlcal 
'VIethods Anal)\1 S()rial 
Rpsearch Tr.Jlnee, dr,d 
SOCial Work Assonalf< 

10 SPEED BICYCLE 1 YEAR GUARANTEE Ph~~ical Education nflf'fs SE'\ pral classes that en-hanle Iludpnts' oppor· 
tuntlles for part-time jobs. 
Durin!( the W,nter 
Quartpr Bob M05\ will 
teach a course In baspball 
offi(l.Jtlng to be offered 
on \.1on and Wed from 
2-2 50 Flm AId will b 
offered by Andy Sklef on 
'VIon -Wed ( tandard 
Course) from 1-1 '50 and 
rues-Thurs. (Advanced 
Course) from 11-1150 
Chuck Mtllenbah WIll 
leach two courses which 
are prerequIsIte to life-
guard jobs. 

The Statp St'r~i( I' En-
Iranc(' hamlnation mah's 
II pOSSIble for candida les 
to qualify In onp ('xamlna· 
tlon to be intprvlC'wpd for 
" numbpr of dlffPrent 
pOSItions. Thf' ftrsl Sipp is 
the completion of In 
appllCallon in whIch you 
indirarp your educatIonal 
attainments and E'X-
peflE'nCp, The lecond Sipp 
IS a ",,,Ill'" le~1 CO",pfll'l~ 
analytlcdl abihlY and rpad-
in!! compIPh .. n\ior. Thp 
last st .. p Ir Ihe px .. mlna-
tlon prorrss I~ I he mlN-
vIew. Thl' IntprV'f.Af'f dIS-
cusses WIt h ,()U YOU r 
pdUtdtlon, ""ork ex· 
peri('ncp, perlonal qual 
ficatlons, dnd <pl(-dp~el­
opm('nt If ~ou qual! \ 
vou WIll be ral"d on a 
-ompl'tilive bast The 
rating, ""til ~IH' you a 
plan' on Ihe f'mp oy-
ment IISI from .... hlch ap· 
pOlntmenls are made. 

MEN AND WOMEN 
Light weight 27 pounds 
Seomless .teol lubing 
95% Assembled 

CENTE R PULL BRAK ES 
'PONl & REAR 

RACiNG SADDLE 

SIMPlEX PRE STIGE 
DERAILLEUR 

CHROME PLATED RACING 
PEDALS WITH RE fLECTORS 

LARGE FLANGE HUBS 
WITH OUICK RE:LEASE 

COLORS 
Deep blue 
Green 
Red 
S,lvc:r 
White 

Lifelaving on Mon -Wed, 
11-11 50, and Water afelY 
I nSlructlon on T uel.· Thurs 
from 10-11 50 
Sign-ups for Ph ysic al 
Education classes will be 
on Mon. and Tues , Jan. 8 
and 9, in the Gym. begIn-
ning at 8;)0 a.m (12/1 ) 

Findl FIling Dates' 
Dec 15,1972 for Jan. 13. 

1973 
YOU MA Y APPLY ",OW 
EVE IF YOl,; WILL ""OT 
MEET THE EDLCA-
TIO'<AL REQl,;IRE-
ME TS UNTIL THE EI\.D 
OF THE 1972-73 SCHOOL 
YEA R. ApplicatIons are 
avatlable al Career·Edu-
cation Planning Services, 
6th Floor, Bldg. 20, 'VIutr 
College. 

ARE YOU SINGIN' THOSE 
FRANTIC FINALS 

BLUES~ 
Got the blues over biology? Anguished over 
anthro? Panicking over psych? Or just plain 
exasperated over exams? 

Know what students at Cal do when they get 
the blues?" They read Fybate Lecture Notes. 

Fybate Lecture Notes are notes taken 
in lecture courses at Berkeley, Each set 
of notes is a clear, concise, comprehen-
sive account of all the lectures in one 
course, I t's written in plain English , 
And it's in outline form, so you can 
locate any topic easily. 

Fybates have been helping folks over at Berk-
eley for 38 years, They're also helping stud· 
ents at about 175 other colleges, Now they 
can help you. 

Fybates banish the blues-yes, even if you 're 
mourning over music. (They've got courses 
in that, too.) 

University Bookstore 
....--Jybate lecture notes 

established 1934 

Pag 19 Frida 



friday 
UC 0 stude nts & faculty 
are invited to "An En -
vironml'ntal Forum" at 
Fir'ot Uni ted Meth odi st 

hurch in Mission Valley, 
Friday December 1, 7:30 
p.m.; ,lturday, 8:30 a.m-
3:45 pm; and unday er-
vin's Dece mber 3 at 9'30 
& 11 am. Outstanding 
,peakl'rs include Dr . 
Harvev Cox , Harvard 
University; Mike Walsh, 
Common Cause. 
Donation : $1 , $3 . (12/1) 

t'rofessor Leonard J. Mir-
man, Dept. o f Economics, 
Univ. of Mds achusetts, 
will peak o n : " RI SK 
AVER 10 WI rH MANY 
COMMOD ITIE ' on Fri. 
o c 8, at 3:30 p .m., 3020 
Und rgraduate cience 
Bldg . 

MAXA YN is the name of a 
lady - it is also the name 
of a dynamic rhythm and 
blu es group to b e 
featured in concert Friday 
Dee. 1 in the UC 0 gym. 
Don ' t miss the o pportuni-
ty to ee this memorable 

I~rl y and her powerful 
grou p of musi la n s. 
Tickets on sale in Urey 
Hall Lobby (11-3 pm) and 
at the door. $1 .50 UCSD 
tud€'nts and $2 . 50 

General Admis~ion (12/ 1) 

The Drama Department 
presents two student-di-
rected comedies : TH E 
TIGER by Murray chisgal, 
and a cene from YOU 
KNOW I CAN'T HEAR 
YOU WHE THE 
WAT[R 'S RU NING by 
Robert Anderson. Thurs-
day and Friday, Nov. 30 

adv . rtl ement for our elves 
for al 

For ~dll'. Honda 450 1971 
Blut' hccllcnt Condltll)n 
'lo3/..t' an OffN Alann 453-
5844 (J211) 

"KI~ rOR Si\l[- 2 ~l't 
... noden. (t'Xl "II. for t')('g & 
Jlh. I)('g) 190( m \\/hlnd-

111~', and 180e m \\ /out 
$40-~fiOI/ -i111 SUP or P,wl 
-5 j-75 15 or 1\ m!"\,lgl' at 
ro "(12 1) 

Rr.lI1rf "'1'\\ CAIO bikr, or 
motorhlkt' Idp.11 tram 
50u I'm: Mo~P\ 453-9287 
Com! ~('l' & rid!' (12/1) 
fOR ~AI[' 19f)7 BMW 
1600 I\;I'W Tin'~ Run< ex-
I I'/lr'ntk, $975 2.!4-1462 or 
222·0043 'viu,I S('II (12/1) 
RFVOX "77 Tap' DC'( k 
l ik(' n!'w, $350 CIII Rru(f' 
H,lmtiton 272-7450 
dlnn!'rllm!' (12/1) 

1965 \olk\wag('n hug, hlg 
bort' I'ngin!' new tlrP~ 
Jnd pJ1n1 $650, (;MV 453-
0886 (12'1) 

I havt' J cutp '68 VW for 
~.Jlt' ";PVII tlr('s, "('(ro 
hook-up\, only $675 
Darlpnl' 451-'H2'J (12/ 1) 

ony T apt' deck, rt'!'1 to 
rpel Two 'reeds, xlnt 
COnditIOn Phone 453-8722 
(12/ 1) 

1964 RambiN for \.111' $250 
cdll 755-6521 evpnlngs 
mil) 
For salp-9 month old 
Pt'ugeol U08 blcyclf' 
Cht'rrv waxed PVNV Iwo 
wt'l'ks, with nf'W ('hain, 
bparings, Jnd fronl dp-
radlpur $105 firm Call 
PJul al 453-3743 (12/1) 
For 'ialf'-Sectional sofa, 
snMp drum with ~tand, 
ping-pong tablf' , and 
('hairS. 13366 Portofino Dr 
Df'1 Mar 755-912fl (12/1) 
BauI'r (;(,0\1' Down <)11'('p-
1111( Bag tdp,.,('d r('cl Just 
clpanpd .md aired ~30 
453 M67 P\f'~ 11211) 
flXrr JP VW V.ln. "Jt'('d< 
Tr,ll1S work .Ind f'nglnt' 

70 (<ill 753·0997 )Jtur-
(j,I',\ (mil 12/1) 
Skls-lir',ld ~IJnd(lf(!\ 210 
(m. M",kpr 1 o('-Imdr. 
h('('I, r.m rt)l1rf $3510111 
Kim 459·0117 (12/1) 
0-( hpm rp(prpn(!' tPxt by 
Rob"'I\, fllMl , 1.)\('110 
.Int hook for chr'm dnd 
hin majors nf'Vf'( us"d wdl 
spll chl'.lp. rail Mokl 453-
5052 , (12/1) 

PA ASO IC AM/FM 
Table Radio for ~ale. Wal-
nut-grain case Trans-
cending ton . $30 270-
3071 (12/1) 
'67 "1usto3ng fa loaded 10 
ml mil t ,ell t hi, \\ epk 459-
3990 112/1) 
59 Rt'nault start probs., 

run~, $50 273-0551 aft 6 
pm. or 459-3336 aft 9 
pm. (12.'1) 
69 Honda 50, hl'lmt'1 $160. 
call 459-7426_ G<'lS flO 

I1IP~' ~Int. condition 
(12 '1) 
ror Sale' 1970 Opel 
Wagon like ew $950 or 
Beq off r, call Gayl at 
755-3025 (12 1) 
'65 VW BUG w/new tires 
& pamt; fwrft'ct engint' & 
excell. mterior. $725 ca/l 
488-4006 (12/1) 
Mt'chanic\ Arise' Can't af-
ford labor costs on old 
Volvo Will pay for part' 

all 755-6212 (12/1) 

Two telephones, made by 
In. standdrd black home 
phonp . Phone 453-6722 
(12/1) 

hou Ing 
Ft'malt' Chri tian room-
mate wantpd. La Jolla $62 
mo tart Jan 1 459-9582 
(12/1) 
Houspmatt' (Min want-
ed to share 3 bdrm. du-
plpx Just off the bt'ach in 
Del Mar. Own hdrm. and 
bath. $107 . No pets. 755-
8623 or come to the 
TRITON TIMES office, NW 
corner Blake Hall . Ask for 
Mark or Mlk G. (12/1) 
Girl to share with samt' 2 
bdrm La )olla housl', fplc-e , 
om vlrw $75 plus utlty 
459-2867 (12/1) 
Room for rpnl- LJ Clui('t 
housp npM sch()ol view 
of orpJn & coast $60, lB27 
Amalfi, 4599452 (12/1) 
FOR RFNT HO USr Oft 
MAR on Jan 73; 2 bdrm, 
firppldCt' ; yards, on bt'ach 
$225/mo (all Mr Rarnisc 
223-1260 (12/1) 
F"mal" roomm.H(' want-
pd 10 hJn 3 bdrm .Ipt on 
PR, pool, own room, $63 
rm 272· 24fl8 m/1) 
Nf fOLD Onp room-
m.111', fl'mdl,' or male for 
Of'1 MoH Jrt $70 in< ludl.'s 
Utdltlt'S. 755-7fl69 (12/ 1) 
$55 Fl'm to shMe pr! . 
room, bath, rpfng Arross 
from 0 pan. '/1 blork to 
bus. 454 -1946 

Pag 20 Triton Tim s Friday, D mb r 1,1972 

Your own room in big 
house in Del Mar ' 3 acres, 
gard('n, pool. harp with 
grads and othl'rs 755-9590 
(12/1) 
WA TED' GIRL TO 
SHARf 2 Bdrm apt on PB 
$751mo + ut" (half) con-
tact Flaine-272-6496 or 
X8-1B58 days (keep tryong) 
st'ml-furnlsht'd with 
pool / laundry (12/1) 

Malt' roommatp wanted 
to ,hare 2-bdrm. furn apt. 
111 P B $75 273-B26B after 5 
p.m. (1211) 

RMMTE HAS lE? eed 
quiet pI. to Itve? Rm in 
hous(' avail. next qtr. 
$80 / mo. inc! phont'o 
Femal(', call now, PPggy 
272-6565 112/ 1) 

Grad lueraturp student 
needs mall' or female 
roommate for 2 bdrm apt. 
$93. a II Paco 4B8-1378. 
(12/1) 
Why pay rent? let your 
money work for you 
Charming 2 bdrm . con-
dominium 20 mi . to UCSD 
$2900 will get you in and 
only $205 per mo. Total 
price $21 ,400. entu ry 21 
Real Estate . 453 -7222. 
(12/1) 

Female rmte want d to 
share OM house near 
beach. $85 for own rm, 
begin 12/ 15 (755-8697) . 

wanted 

WANTED : Used SCUBA 
equ ipment good condi-
tion . Call Jenni x1732 or 
755-9178 (12/1) 
WA TED' ten-spe d in 
'lood condition (all [lien 
453-8158 (12/1) 
Riders nepded to share 
gas for Sacrampnto, Ldke 
rahoe area . Leaving D('e. 
9. Jean 272-7542 (12/ 1) 
African studt'nts 18-20 
yrars old wish to ex-
(hangp lettrrs. Write 
soml'thong about yourself 
dnd what you arc coing 
clo S. r<'lgusonl Ranen 

~rronda r y chool/Rdnrn , 
Via klsII/Kt'nya . (12/1) 
Graduatp Sfudt'nt nreds 
ndt' to Irvinr Dec. 6, (all 
459-5401 ask for Annr 
(12/1) 
Rldt' wanted to Denvpr 
Dpc. 7 or 8, also Pitts-
burgh to herp after Jan. 1. 
Paul 488-8663 (12/1) 

announcements 
and Dec. 1 at 8:00 p .m. in 
the UCSD Theatre. No ad-
mission charge. Take a 
break before finals and 
join us. 
Le ture sponsored jointly 
by the Depts. of litera-
ture and Sociology Fri., 
Dec. 1st. at 4:00, Reve lle 
Formal Lounge. Prof. Jose 
Vidal will speak on Litera-
tura e Ideologia (in 
Spanish) . 

THIRD WORLD PEOPLES' 
ONCERT sponsored by 

Third College . Political 
education thru the music 
of Ch ri s & Joanne, Charlie 
Chin and Rene " Peaches" 
Moore. 50er donations to 
the Vietnam Medical 

upply Drive . All stu-
dents and community 
people invited . Friday, 
Dee. 1,Revelle Cafeteria . 
(12/ 1) 

Need Ride-If you are 
going East, give me a call. 
Will help with gas. Ed 
Simons 453-9374 (11/28) 

I dt'sparately nerd GOOD 
homes for 2 indoor kit-
tPns, 3' I mos old. Hpalthy 
& houst'brokf'n . Call an-
cy x1382, evenings 755-
0520 or Randy 453-2986 
(12 / 1 ) 

et'd Fund. of PhYSICS by 
Halliday & Resnicks and 
text for BIOI. 115A. call 
279-2796 evpnings . 

eeded: Political Analysts 
committed to NEW 
POLITICS to research 
issues & plan campaign 
strategy. Honorariums. In-
qUire today. end sum-
mary of p'Jlitical ex-
perience, availability, & 
area of expertise. BREAK-
THROUGH '74, Box 60343, 
lA . 90060 (12/1) 

Companion(s) wanted for 
4 day hitching camping 
trip Call soon lou 755-
7539 (12/ 1) 

Good-paying jobs in con-
Junction with th e an 
Diego Junior Chamber 
Commerce. Mu st be neat 
appearing, intelligent and 
in good physical condi-
tion. Able to work 5 nights 
a wepk: 5-9 p.m. Call Mr. 
Ca rver 224-1657 between 
6-8 p .rr, . (12/1) 

ELECT RI C TRAINS , I 
collect Lionel, American 
Flyer, Ete. Ope rating or 
not. Call 462-1036 or 286-
6162 (12/1) 
Need a -:-ext? 
UCSD's chapter of APO 
will open It's book ex-
change to provide stu-
dents once again with low 
cost used books. Watch 
for it's opening. We need 
volu nt ee rs. Contact Mark 
Robertson at 755-8341. 
(12/1) 

JOB WANTFD BY : Exper-
Ienced lab. assistant, dish 
washing, glassware or 
cafe teria-h Iper . nior 
prf'-med health science 
stude nt. Vicki Lpe Jane 
Thompson (2 Aleski) 291-
3330 t'xt. 1680 or D In 
Pasquel Martinp7, Third 

ollegt', 453-2000 (1 1/28) 

lost and found 
LOST: plain coPf,er ring 
with worn dpslgn on rn 
(11 -17) In Anomaly F~cf. 
REWARD Kacy, N-6, 
Muir. (12/1) 

COME TO A HANUKKAH 
PARTY. EVERYONE WEL-
COME. 6:00 FRIDAY DEC 
1, UPPER BLAKE lOUNGE. 

saturday 
D.CBlues and Glory n' e 
a Xmas party on SJt. . .Jec. 
23 at the Conferen e 
Building in Balboa Park. 
99( Advance tickets sold 
at Earth Song Book Store, 
The Black and the Get It 
On Shoo. 

unday 
Drama! ' Final casting and 
costume measurements to 
be made for the drama 
club's Commedia 
Dell' Arte troupe. Several 
open ings for parts still 
available so all and any in-
terested personages can 

lO T: Two wks ago, black 
frame prescription sun-
glasses, black lea ther case. 
Greg 453-4025 (12/ 1) 
lOST-last spring quart r 
a 4x4 ro ll age for the 
Women 's R('volution c/as 
(C I) was left in the 
Women 's office on 
Matthew's Campus. Any-
one knowing where it is 
contact andy 272-3196. 
(12/1) 

Will THE PERSON who 
accidently picked up my 
book (inst ad of his 
own)-PLASMA 
DYNAMICS by Boyd & 
Sanderson-p leas return 
,t to the Revelle cafe tpr ia 
office or call 453-3973 
after 7 p.m . REWA RD : $3 
(12/ 1) 
lost: " Probability And 

tatistics" by Meyer DWilss 
in 20-1 128. Rewa rd . Call 
Marty 453-611 2. (12/1) 
$50 Reward for return of 
German Shorthaired 
Pointer puppy (female, 4 
mos. old). lost on Rev lie 
Fri. 11117. All white ticked 
body with choco la te-
brown head; one brown 
spot on back; o ne brown 
spot near (<.ropped) tail. 
Please call 755-3872. (12/1) 

FOUND : Expensive pen . 
Yours for the description. 
753-8621. (12/ 1) 

travel 
Anyone int rested in rid-
ing and ski ing in Aspe n 
Co lo. Dec. 16-29 Ca II 

usan Graves x13B2 or 459-
6387 

EUROPE-ISRAEL 
EAST AFRICA 

Sludent flights . Inexp n-
sive s tud e nt ca mpin g 
tOllrs th roughout Europe, 
Russia, and Mexico. Offi -
c ial SOFA agent for inter-
Eu ro p an stude nt charter 
flights , incl ud ing Middle 
East and Far East. Student 

ki Tours. European used 
car purchase sys tem, Con-
tact: IS A, 11687 San Vin-
cente Blvd . No. 4 L.A . Ca . 
90049 Tt'I : (213) 626-56r.· , 
826-0955 (2/2) 

HARTER::. YEAR ROUND 
No more club fees! 50 
Drpdrtures, also NY , 
Jdpan & Australia . Youth 
rart's, too. inc 1959 ' 
IT, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
B verly Hills, a 90210, 
(213) 275-8180 

and should attend . Make 
your winter a theatrical 
triumph . For more in-
formation and en -
couragement, call larry at 
453-9045, else attend, Sun-
ddy December 3, 11 :00 
a.m. UCSD Theatre (b -
hind the bookstore). 
The UCSD surf club is 
pleased to announce the 
upcoming presentation of 
a recen! movie filmed in 
Hawaii and, Fran e . 
" Island Magic" is a film 
s howing some of the 
world 's top surfers in 
some of the best waves on 
film . " Island Magic" will 
be shown this unday on-
ly, Dec. 3, in USB 2722 at 
7:30 and at 9:30. UCSD 
student s will b admitted 
for $1 .50 and general 
public for $2 .00. Don ' t 
mi ss " Island Magic!! 
(12/ 1) 

Putting together affinity 
group for low-cost Baja 
California Off s h ore 

Jsland~ Expedition leaving 
Dec. 25. Call Ann at 447-
1234 after 2 pm for info. 
(12/1) 

serVIce 

Unique new tax shelter 
plan returns 100% of in-
"'('stment at any time you 
wish. Give vourself a tax 
break ... on your savings 
draw 6.75% in terest, the 
highest guarant e in Calif. 
Warrpn Reavis 291-2343 or 
755-7755 (12/1) 

1 YPIST: exper, IBM , M . 
theses, PhD. dissert, term 
papers, etc. w/do Rush 
Jobs - n /chg, 453-0656. 
(12/1) 

TY PI NG-Expprienced 
IBM electric. Reasonable 
rates. Call 453-B148 (12/ 1) 

BMWSAAB 
ONTINENTAl MOTORS 

601 So. Hill 
O cea nside 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars (1/30) 

fREE 
, 

FREE CLASSIFIEOS 
Classi fied ads in :ht' TT ar 
free o nl y to regis tere d 
g rad~ and und('rgrad s at 
t his ampus. All ads must 
be typ d. Due to space 
limitations ads can o nly b 
thr e lines long, Iyped on 
a thirt y-space lin !'. Any-
thing lo ng('( hall b 
t h.lrged accordingly . 
Deadlint's art' : 9 a .m . 
Mon . for thp Tues. edition 
and 6 p .m. Wed . for th 
rri. , edition. No phone in 
ads pl('as(' . For more info 
ca ll ext. 1017. 

r 


