
triton ti 
Volume 15, Number University of California, San Diego Tuesday , Feb ruary 28,1972 

Referendum for Legal Aids Starts Wednesday 
" In order to safeguard those rights which this nation holds so 

dear we must be about providing everyone with an equal 
opportunity for justice," argues Ken Carr, member of the 
student. faculty and staff committee which investigated 
student-police relations on campus, 

Student-police tensions were heightened last quarter with the 
arrest of three UCSD students : Ken Carr. Paul Simms and 
Herb Bradley, They were in detention for approximately two 
days, and subsequently released without charges being filed 
against them, 

Pbotos : Ken Carr 

WLF Protests Event: 

After their release a meeting was organized with acting 
Chancellor Herbert York at which he was presented with 
several demands, These demands included : 

1. The prohibition of UC police carrying guns on campus or 
permitting students to possess firearms , 

2, The prohibition of outside police agencies on campus, 
3, Open access to the UCSD police station and their files by 

students, 
4, Development of adequate legal care for all student, 
A student. faculty and admim tration committee was 

formed to study th demands presented The group included IS 
students from the three colleges and the ethmc organizations 
on campus. the three college deans and members of the 
administration. the UCSD Pollce Dept. and the ASSOCiated 
Students. The committee met through the end of last quarter. 
and have recommended that the questIOn of membership be 
decided in tomorrow's student referendum 

Beginning Wednesday. the As ociated Students are 
conducting a referendum on legal aid , The referendum IS the 
result of police student confrontallons and the work of a 
student. faculty and staff committee to investigate student 
police relation , 

Men Debate 'Right to Abortion' 
Dr, Paul Saltman and Dr, Walter 

Trlnkaus debated " the right to 
abortIOn " last week after a women 's 
hberatlOn contingent attempted to 
prevent I t saying, " Aborllon IS not an 
lOt llectual questIOn and cannot b 
debated," 

The group, led bv Irene O'Malley, 
held the stage for 30 minute " We're 
here to ral e your consclOU nes on 
another dimenSion of the Issue, " a 
member of the group said The women 
asked the audlenc to prevent th' 
event from continUIng 

Flnall\', KeVin 01 'on moderator of 
ttH' d bate, asked the audience II It 
would pr leI' to h ar peeches b\ 
women hberaliomsts or hear th 
tll'batt' 

rhe audience unammous!\ shouted 
debate" and the women 's group lelt 

tilt' stage 
Dr Saliman CC [) S provost of 

Ht veil ollege and VlCC chancellor tor 
l('ademlc affairs , b gan b\ saving thJt 
hl' IS a blOloglsl who IS concerned about 
hie He addrd that he wasn 't gOing to 
Irgul' about when lilt' begills lor hlln , 

II begms at "T-O ' "'hen an egg IS 
lertl hzed The Important Issue was the 
qua lit\' of life lie sa id that the quaht\ 
of hie was a lunctlOn of both the 
Internal quahl\' 01 lil l' Within the cell 
.md thc external environment lli s 
goals were to minll11lZe human 
suf lerlng and traumatic pain and to 
maXlnllZe the abilltv 01 a human to 
achl ve a decent hie 

Saltman labeled mahv 01 todav' s 
Illegal abortions as but'c her~' , " ThiS 
butcher,v, IS cruel espeCially becau 'e 
01 new techDlque~ 0 that un-wanted 
children can be prevented," he aid 
Therelore he urged that "abortIOn 
must be conSidered a fundamental. 

Photos: Eastern 

medical right : not a mandate , rather a 
freedom , Mandate i an obscemtv, Th 
deci IOn should be made by the women 
Involved " The women hould have 
maximum knowledge and 
comtemplation about the I sue It 
hould not be a capnclOu actIOn 

Saltman felt that the women should be 
abl to have oun eling from a vanetl 
of sources ph~'slclan , clergymen and 
ps\,chlatrlSts. 

Trinkau Argue Legal Vie~ 
Dr Tnnkaus of Lovola L:mver iI\ 's 

School 01 La'" arid presld nt ' 01 
Cahlorma Hlght-to-Lile League, then 
explalDed hi oppo Itlon to the 
resolution that there I: a fight to 
abortion He began by explalDlng thut 
he was a lawyer as well as a profesor 
and would attack the resolutIOn from it 
legal and moral pOint 01 Vlel\ 

Legallv , the society IS tending to IN 
p oplt' alone In ca:es 01 \'IC'tllllles, 
cnrl1l'S, like drug u, r , Ireee\ and 
homosexua II tIl t IS now brIO 
advocated that the la\\ should 
wlthdra", 11'001 \,Ictlmless crimes But 
he emphaSized, th law and soclet\ 
hav not chang d their \lews about th 
other type 01 cnme These are ('rlilles 
which have a viCtim hke robbef\ , 
murder and rape He felt that the la\\ 
not only should protet·t the nghts 01 
vlclims but has the duty to protect 
vICtlmS, 

Tnnkaus argued that II one con Iders 
the nature of the life taken in an 
abortIOn human , then the embr~'o must 
be protected by the equal pelllion and 
due process clauses of the law. He said 
" We must place the burden of proof on 
th non-humanit\' of the fetus upon 
these favonng abortIOns , Becau I.' If a 
011 take IS made, II IS an appalling one 
which will be fatal to mllhon ," 

The present law in California ID not 
consistent. according to Trinkaus The 
law state that a per on I deemed a 
human be 109 from the moment of 
conception . After that It can own 
property , sue other people, and In 
hort. a sume almo t all the rights of a 

Citizen , In 1970 the Cahforma penal 
code wa amended :'\ow II prol'ld s 
that the kil li ng of "0011.' human b Ings , 
fetu e , IS not murder II II I done In 
accordance With the Callforma 
Therape utir Abortion Act 

"Murder is Legal"? 
In e sence, accordmg to him 

" Murder I' legal II II IS d ne Illth 
someone el e' con 'enl ' 

altman th n re pond d to Tnnkaus 
b~' aY lng, " If the law seck 
co n s is t ency , c le nc ee k 

understand 109 and truth Too often 
dogmas have destrov d because the 
rea omng was consltent but not true ' 
He Cited th ca e~ of uffermg caused 
b\ not ha\,lng an abortIOn The 
IDclud d mental health vlclim ', 
desperat mothers who commit 
ulclde , lamilles who ·uffer With a 

:\]ongoIOld child , and soclet\' which 
uHers over-populatIOn 
He scud, Law ('volves 'consl "tenc\" 

changes mercuncall\, \\ Ith knowledge 
\\ (, mu 't re-thlnk the term \I(:tlm 
CapricIOus ab{)rtlOn~ un' obscene But 
I am la:clDatea with thoe who can I 
lull'rutl' aburlion but who iH:clallll 
wars , leader~ 01 derg\' who aim 
mach IDe guns on IDnocent peasant: but 
who renounce ahortlOn .. 

Tnnkaus told 01 an a bortlon doctor 
ID Orange Count\ who perlormed as 
mam as 300 abortIOns it month ThiS 
doctor mJdt, ::!iO .llOll 10 lhl' Ilrst SIX 
month. 01 19i1 and contributed. 2'i ,UOU 
to J pro-dbortlon lobb\ 

"Dogma houldn't Control Life" 
altman responded to Trlnkaus 

statement b\' remarkln!,! that 11 1 eas\ 
to Sight the ill acts 01 a f 1\ but th,1t 
shouldn't condemn all lit, asked II all 
la\\'\ ershould bl' )ud!,!ed b\' the III ;]('1., 
01 a I \1 

,\ I ngthy quest IOn-and anSWl'r 
period followed the debate The 
questIOns were pnnclpall\ aimed at 
Trmkaus ' arguments and served w II 
to elUCIdate ."e\'eral cntlcal I' 'ue~ m 
the debate, lOeludlng the moral 
rrlatlOnshlp between law and blOlog~ 

The debate 's moderator, Ke\ In 
Olson, stated that this", as the s ('ond 
ID a senes of debates The next will bt' 
on na tiona I def en_ e polIC\ , \I'll h Dr 
Herbert York posslbl\ debating Dr 
Edward Teller 

The referendum asks whether students favor the u.e of lout 
of their existmg AS fee to provide any AS member arrested 
I through Sept 1. 19721 With legal serVices, mcludmg but not 
hmlted to , 

I IdentificatIOn card With instructIOn lOcJudlDg the 
conslltutlOnal rights of the arre ted I and emergency telephone 
number 

2 Twent~'-four hour telephone respon e ernce 
3 On file bal! r lea e mformallon 
4 A si tance for ·· own recogDlzance ' lOR relea I.' from 

Jail 
5 One fre office VISit with practicmg an Diego Crimina l 

lawyer 
The referendum al 0 a k: whether tuden!. faynr 

RegistratIOn fee fundmg for the above program aft r pt 1. 
1972. and whether student lavor th e tabhshment 01 a ball 
fund on campu to release students held Without an OR relea ,' (' 
The mone~y' woulo come from contnbutlOns and b nl: fit 

photo Ea~tern 

Vote March 1-7 
Pa\ ment 01 \ . lees could bl'COrnt' \,oluntaf\' as tht, fl', 'u lt ul 

an undergraduate referendum beglOnmg tomorro", ,\hl on thl' 
ballot '" Ith the voluntarv membt' rshlp question Will tx a 
proposal to enroll each student m a It'galervlc ' program 

\'lce"Chancellor George ~1urph\ ha. slipulated that 2;')00 
student mu:t vote for th \'oluntan membership t'il'CtlllO 
result to be bmdmg Ballot boxes Will be on \lUlr and Third 
College Common: and Re\'elle Plaza The electIOn", III run I IH' 
days throu!'!h n xt Tue. da\ ~lar('h 7th The blue A. I d card 
must be presented to vote 

ACLU Conside rs Election 
The an Diego Chapter 01 The -\merlcan Clnl Llhertll's 

Union Legal Panel Will decld tOMorro'" wh th l' to tak the 
case 01 two l'C D tud nts who have a. ked that a suit be filed 
agamst Ih l 'Dlverslty lor "changing the ground rull's 01 the 
upcommg \'oluntan A. membership referendum electIOn 

John ~lacGr ggor and John ~taxwell claim that thl'lr (,1\ II 
hbertle. are b 109 Violated b\ th rnllerslt\ s alkn,)\vll'dgl'd 
refusal to lollow the precedent _('I m last year s EOI' spet lal 
fund electIOn In that elecllon , t \ 0 thirds 01 thnst' votlOg weI' 
I equlred to appro\ the referenc.um I hiS Wt" . elt'ctlOn \1 III 
; qUire that 50 per (' nt 01 all u Hil'rgr.lduatl' at rr'-'D votl' 
and that a maJoflt~ approve 

MacGreggor and Ma\well ha. arran ed \\lIh .In OCl' n 
Bah attorn v, William R edh ad to handl th SUit 11th 

Ll] I gal pan I approve th Ir r quest 



- ... .. 

.. 

Financial Aids Deadline 
The Financial Aids Office wishes to remind all UCSD 

students that the deadline for applications for fi nancial aid for 
1972-73 IS March 15 . 1972. 

Because fu nds are limited. and bccause advance planning is 
essential so that award commitments can be made as earl\' as 
possible. late applications will be considered. providing funds 
are available. for Winter and pring Quarters onlY. 

Th Financial Aids Office has repeatedly urged students to 
plan their fmances 0 that they can cope with emergencv 
exp~ns~s For thiS reason. student are urged to bank at those 
tnslltU!lon which participate In the Federallv In ured Student 
Loan Program A fact sheet on the Federalli' Insured Student 
Loan Program may be obtatned at the Financial Aids Office. 
250 \Iallhews Campus ThiS IS a re ource widell' u ed bl' our 
students to supplement or replace parental assistance. piease 
note that although these loans are available from local banks. 
all banks do nol participate in tbis program, If your bank does 
not make these loans. we urge ~'ou to open an account 

Immedlatcl~' at a bank that does In order to be ehgible for 
su(,h a loan , I'OU must have had an account With a parllclpa!lng 
bank for alleasl six months. 

If .ou have any que tlOns about th e Federallv Insured 
Student Loan Program or about your application for' Financial 
Aid , please contact a counselor at the FinanCial Aids Office. 
250 Matthews Campus . LCSD. La Jolla . CaltforDia 92037 

Heart Health to be Discussed 
Dr Fredrick Sta re. a professor of nu tritIOn and chairman of 

the :\utrtUon Department. at Har\'a rd t;mverslty. \\ III be the 
guest peakcr at two meetings. March 3. at the San Diego Gas 
and ElectriC Company. 101 Ash Street. San Diego 

He Will talk at 2 and 8 pm on health and nutntlOn. 
emphaSIZing "h art hea lth " At the close of each meeting. Dr 
Stare wll! answer queslton ' from the audience Both meettngs 
are free and op n to the publiC 

Tickets to both meetings rna\' be obtained b~ ca lhng the 
Hea rt ASSOCiatIOn at 291-7454. or wnttn~ the health agenc\' at 
3640 Fif th A\'enue an DIego 92103 . 

Govern ment Ca reers 
Career po Itlons with the Fed ral Government are presentl\' 

open for aero pace and mechanica l engmeers. bord r patrol 
agents. peclal agents. customs mspectors. electncal 
engmeer . Impor speCialists. sky marshal s and tax auditors. 
In order to quald\ for some of these posiltons one mu t take 
the Federal Sen'lce Entrance Exammatton which IS given on 
the third Saturday of each month exe pt Augu l. September 
and De<:ember The FSEE IS no longer gIVen on a walk-In baSIS 
In a number of CI ti es. tncludlng San Otego Rather an 
application to tak on of the scheduled t <:. mu t be recel\'ed 
bv the exam mer at lea~t 10 day before the test 

Details and lorms concerning the FSEE and other methods 
of applYing lor Fed ral CIVil Servltc posltlom; are available at 
Ca recr EducatllJD Planmng Services 6th floor. BUilding 2D. 
:'Ilulr 

UC Anti-Union 
Thl' l'nllersll\ 01 (,alllorma wa. cdllE·d an dnll-umon 

l'mploH'r b\ thl' L'm\erslt\ Coun('11 01 th(' \mcnean 
Fedl'ratlon 01 Ip'Hh,'r at d he;irln!! In SJrrampnto belore the 
JOint Commlttl'(' I)n th(' :'.Iasttr Plan 

Dr Dd\IU Brodl a lC' lJa\I' labor hlsWrlJn urgl'd thE' Jomt 
('omllllttf'p to rl'!'omml'nd Ihp I'n'H'lml'nl 01 J mllpcllH' 
b Irg.Jlnlne ,Ot\\ IlIr lilT (·mplm·l'(·, 

TllI'r" " II" valtt! reason wh\ la('ult\ and all olher 
('mplo\"I" 10 (,tlilornid puhllC' hlghpr I·du!'allOn In Idel all 
public ('dural"," shllLlld bl' dl·nt('d thp rt~ht to bargain 
('''''''111\1'1\ "I ... n tlils rlghl IS dldll"bll' III atmost all 
"II:plo"'I' III Ih" plI\,II,' Sf'I 1111 In .. hlfllll~ pll\'all' colkgl" 
dnd unl'.! r-Iil'" ,nd tl) I,.II,·r,tI "lnpl"I'p dntilnlrE'dslnglv 
'" ['Ilbll< llTlpl"\,·,,, ill Ih,' "il'I' and lo( al 10,\(,1 arrtlss thl' 
I flU Hr ·, 

Muskie Endorsements 
S. IJIU,o Thn" ,Iud,'nl 1",,,Ir'r, "I San 1J,,'go Stat, 

("II gl ,n"""ltn" I ~o :'.IMlnt (OIl1Il<lt \'I"Nans h<l\ l' l'n<iorsl'fl 
Sf'1I r;r1l11llnd S \1u,k .. · 10' pn'Slllt'lI1. Ii ,',~ 'n~C)unc'l'd hf'n' 
I"d, b\ \hl,k'I \Ilulh ',">rIlindtl)r \wk .I"hnson 

T I ~ .11' :.1tkr B,,\'I,' 1",1 1l'JI\ . tud"nt bodl pn'Sld!'nt ,tOd 
,/", Huhln anll \1 I.t'mkl' both lI1l'mbers 01 thl' ,tullent 
('011 t i, Hllhln .fnd I.,'mk,' "'nl'd \\lIh II,,· I S \1<1I1Ill'S tn 
\ ... Ilalll bdlJr.· .. ntl·rlng San IJ I('/!O Slatl' 

1111'S!' "ndor'I'l1wn ,reprbl-nt not JUsl th,' ~ro\\' lDg support 
lor S~n :'Iu,klf' among vou ng pl",pl,' dnd ~tuden t ledders. 
. Johnsun ".lId ' but ,,1.0 Ih~ spe(,lal f('rlmgs 01 \ou ng men \\ho 
knt,\\ aboul \.\ar Jnd want II stopped The\' rl'('OgDl7(' In Sen 
\lu,kl(' nol onh U Will to end thl' war but also th(' ('apaclt\ to 
bl' .. ll'ctl'd Jnd do sompl htng "bout It 

Page 2 Triton Times February 28, 1972 

Herbert Marcuse, renowned philoso pher and professor 
emeritus of UCSD. 

M arcuse to Speak Th ursday 
On Thursday, March 2. Dr. Herbert Marcuse, famed 

professor emeritus at UCSD. will speak in the Lower Blake 
Lounge. This discussion , sponsored by the Revelle Guest in 
Residence Committee will be held at 7 :30 p.m. 

Much has been written about this man but some on campus 
may not be familia r with him. Here is a brief summary of his 
writings and what has been said about him . 

Marcuse has written a number of books dealing with 
philosophy. His twin themes have usually been reason and 
eros. His most popular work. "One Dimensional Man," abjures 
today 's technological states. arguing that all-encompassing 
affluence dulls the senses and that the vaunted new sexuality is 
at best a sapp ing diversion and at worst an ally of :'profit and 
manipulation." according to Psychology Today. 

In a later essay (1969 ) Marcuse gives a more hopeful 
statement by asserting that some youthful and alienated 
members of society - militant s tudents and black people - a re 
nurturing seeds of new sensibility. 

His ideas have caused many uproars round the world . 
Letters signed " KKK " have threatened hi s life. Pravda has 
damned him as a " false prophet" and a " werewolf." The New 
York Times Magazine has given him the double billing as the 
"angel of apocalypse" and .. the most important philosopher 
alive" . 

The discussion Thursday will be about a new book that 
Marcuse is working on. Ali students and fac ulty are welcome 
to attend. 

Winter Blood Drive for UniverSity Hospital 
Wednesdav . March I and Thursdav . 

March 2 are' the days thiS quarter for' a 
blood drive to benefit UCSD 's account 
at n1versity Hospital. Last r>:ovember 
the UCSD community donated 113 pints 
to thi account 

The blood dnve wtll be held on 
Revelle campus from 11 a.m. - 3 P m. 
in the Lower Blake Lounge on 
Wednesday . March l. and on SCriPPS 
Institute of Oceanography from 11 
a.m - 3 p.m at Surfside building on 
Thursdav. March 2 All members of 
the campus commuDlty are urged to 
donate blood . 

The UCSD blood fund is somewhat 
like a checking account. If vou donate 
you protect yourself and your familv . 
as you are then eligible to have blood 
credits released to vou if thev are 
needed . Donations may also be 'made 
to credit other funds if so desired . b~' 
telling the receptionist where you want 
your donation to be credited . . 

Giving blood through the San Diego 
Bloodmobile IS simple and relatively 
painless. You are a ked to fill out a 
brief health questionnaire to 
determine your eligibility to donate . 

Your blood is then typed . and your 

donation i received. The process takes 
about one half hour . after which 
refreshments are served . 

With two days of the Bloodmobile on 
campus thiS quarter. we hope that 
ever)'one in our community will have 
the opportunity to give of themselves 
either Wednesday . March I or 
Thursday. March i. Don 't pa sup thi 
opportunit,,' to protect yourself and 
others . Remember . giving blood saves 

IIves ~ 
The blood drive IS being 'ponsored b,,' 

Alpha Phi Omega . Student Activities . 
and S.1.0. Director's officc. 

On March 2. 1972. the 
Assem bly Governmenta I 
Orgamzat;on Committee will 
hear arguments on Assemblv 
Conslilulional Amendment 25 
- which . If approved by the 
Legislature and bv the 
California electorate this 
;'Iiovember Will lower the 
dnnktng a~e to 18 A Similar 
bill was defeated bv the 
Legislature last year'. but 
spokesmen for the UC Student 
Lobby are optimistic about the 
bill's chances during the 
current session because of the 
deSire of many legislators to 
establish an attractive voting 
record for the newl\' -
enfranchised young voter . 
Because of strong student 
support for the measure on the 
campus referenda . the Lobbv 
will act as the prinCiple 
advocate for ACA 25 

legal liquor ot 18? Other cha ng es include constitutional authorization for 
the Legislature to make 
exceptions in age restrictions 
for " persons under parental 
control or engaging in religious 
ceremony." and a streamlining 
of all regulations pertaining to 
the sa le and use of alcoholic 
beverages. 

Assemblyman John Knox [D-

Richmond I. author of ACA 25 , 
explained " Thi s measure 
contains the recommendations 
of the California Constitution 

McElroy ot Triton Times 
Dove Buchbinder 

Chan lIor :\lcElroy was thE' focu s of an open hQu se at the 
TRITO:\ T1~1r~S office la st Friday Campus/Community 

r~oll('(' relations. Third Colle1(e. Fourth Colleg and AS 
\ oluntarv fces were among tht.' tOPI(,S di scussed 

Con('ernlng police relations. \kElroy ~a ld " I thtnk that the 
San ill ('go pollCl' ha ve a legal rlgh to come on campus If the\, 
need to I however have not seen them on campus as much as 
l'idalmrd 

Third Co llegl' has the potential for making a major 
('ontribut lUn to San Diego and SOClct\ :-'1c~~ lrtJv sa id · It is 
lonnrn d IIlth soctal problem" and IS tralDing peopl t, to meet 
"oc'lal and urbdn nt'l'ds 

On thl' ,ubJ('c t 01 a Pol itical SlIen('I' Department at LCS£) 
:\kElro\ r(·marked .. A departnH'nt I' being organized now 
\\e die IOl)klng lor a {'halrman Ph\'sltall\ the deparuncnt Will 
bt.' 10(';rt('d on th(' Thi rd College campus. but It would probablv 
oller Its major to all three eX isting ('olll'gl's . 

\\ hen qUl'rt('d Jbout ('onstructlon of it permanent campus for 
Thlrrf (,()III'~" Ihe repl\ ca me. "TIll' re Isn I much mone, 
available now thrnu l:lwut thl' llmvr r'ill \ 101 (·onstruf'llon. b~t 
the sit uaiton should change soon ' 

- .. Flndncl"1 dlds drf' In the samc pOSl\lon .. he add 'd 
. Hight nOli . tilE' pOSSibilities lor il Fourth ('ollrgl' c'onSlst of 

admlm ste1'lnll at least partlall\ th(' ('on('('pt 01 the extended 
l D1\l'rSlI\. whrre mU('h of the work and stud\,lng IS done 
dlrl'r,1\ to Ihe commuDlt\ the Chan(e llor said But most of 
tIllS IS onl\ supposItion at the present tliTIl' h' added 

I[ students h re are like students cIM'\.\hl' r(' th('n the AS 
will probabll' ~o voluntarv and th re won t b ' as much money 
available for student 01 gaDlzattons .. McElrol' ·tat d Man\' 
stud nts don 't und rstand or appreciate the serVl('es offered bV 

~eAS . 

Revision Commission. The 
major change would conform 
the legal drinking age to 'voting 
age' ... 

Knox beheves that ACA 25 
has a good chance for success 
In both houses of the State 
Legislature . Assemblyman 
Robert Cline (R-Ca noga Park I. 
however. who ca rried a simila r 
bill last year . is less optimistic. 
"Se nate opposition is 
substantial. " he mainta ined. 
" and may be exceedingly 
difftcult to sway " 

In spite of his cynicism. 
though. Cline is co-authoring 
the Knox lcgislation and 
intends to devote conside rable 
energy to seeking support for 
the measure. 

When asked . how ver . about the ruhng that at least 50 
.percent of th 'student body must vote 10 order for the results of 
the volunt<try fees question to be offiCial. McElrov sa id. " If 
less than 50 p 'rcent vote . let's sa~' 40 percent and' the result 
st rongl y favors one Side or the other. th n som deciSIOn based 
upon those results should be made. lI owever. If only 25 p rcent 
of th student body vot s and the result IS 50-50. then a deci 'Ion 
Will have to be made oth rWl se." 

ApprOXimately 100 people atte nded the informal gathering. 

Rarely has such prejudice and perceptual disparity been so 
displayed as in Michael Rosen 's review of the recent 
undergraduate show ARTWORKS? Interspaced within several 
nea r-positive critica l analyses (the very thorough coverage of 
both Mark Carter's library hangings and the representational 
painttngs l were blatant prejudicial value judgements coloring 
the entire review red for several of the arti sts involved. Rosen 
seems to have been unable to transcend his own personal bias 
and view the works objectively. Working within this subjec tive 
fra mework. Rosen totally ignores several positive points 
presented. meanwhile touting certa in aspects . while not nearly 
as thought-provoking, provided him a comfortable base to 
operate from. Some of the art contained in the show obviously 
was not interested in providing him a comfortable view . These 
works were either dismissed as questionable and pretenlious 
by Rosen or were totally ignored . 

It is irresponsi ble to enter into art criticism with one scope 
of Vision or bias. Also it is equally reprehensible for the 
TRITON TIMES to use a review such as Rosen ·s. narrow in its 
Viewpoint and blatantly prejudicial. Someone who seeks out art 
and reports on It should have at his command several fields of 
Vision and a vanance of artistic Criteria or his critical analvsls 
falls . In a show such as ARTWORKS? several facets or' art 
were grouped together I thiS was unavoidable due to the nature 
of a student showl. Rosen approached the art from an 
emotional visual bias : he did not look. he merely liked Rosen's 
failure to see the statements presented b.v severa l of the artists 
was due to thi s Questionable attitude. What he could not 
understand or what would dislodge him from his comfortable 
base he did not deal with . 

Case to pOint - Dave Alward writing him off with one 
sentence the reviewer kips completely over severa l aspects of 
hiS two pieces (Rosen only mentions one \\.ork of Alward ·sl. 
Working wlthm hiS crttical structur Rosen did not even deal 
With Alward's slide piece or his masks. and more Importantly 
Alward 's approach to the makmg of his art. ,\lward t as some 
of the other arlists ) obviously was not using any of the visual 
moves inherent in the works positivel~' reVIewed by Rosen 
Alward did not fll into Rosen 's aesthetic reference and came 
off badly In the review. Rosen goes on to totally mi read Tom 
Huston 's water-cooler piece with a half-assed allusion to 
Duchamp. an allUSIOn anyone familiar With Duchamp could 
refute I agam Rosen ignored an energy-tran fer piece of 
Iluston's thJt was si tuated in onc cornen 

The list of grievances agains t Rosen's review could continue 
tediously eventually workmg towards the maIO thrust of this 
retort: the irresponsibility of this kmd of cnuci m. biased and 
prejudicial. not concerned with what IS bemg presented , and 
the reprehensibility o.f ignorning one-fifth of the works in a 
show Don Betts one of the most shown student pamters on 
campus. occupi ed fully a quarter of one wall and was not even 
mentioned by Rosen. Howard Saunders. again occupying a 
si7,ea ble section of the gallery . was also ignorer! . This type of 
Irresponsibiltty smacks of someone who spent a negligible 
amount of time in the gallery and wrote his review off of the 
artists' statement prov ided by the gallery . 

Rosen lacks the vision of someone who should be critiqumg 
art. HIS review IS of imperceptible slgmftgance. but it was 
printed and I Imagine read by a good deal of th TR ITON 
TIMES' Ci rculation. I question the judgement of the TRITON 
TIMES a much as I dispute the value of Michael Ro en 's 
criti cism We who work in art and are ID volved In the operation 
of pre enting art expect someone who can mtclhgen tly. and 
With broader vision. review art offering valid Critical analyses 
and positive \ nega tive I feedback to our efforts. 

BENIN OF AFRICA 

I t05 P'ospecl 51 
La Jolla Cat.1 92037 

(71 4) 454-0805 
Importers • African FabriCS 

CuriOS, Arts & Clafls 
Wholesa Ie & RetaIl 

_ I • tI.. LlI It II 10 " • 

Tommv Premiere 
• 

Deanna's from Indiana and she knows 
Dan Spellens 

"This concession IS a goldmlne . man With tho e words 
from Larry Vallon of Concert ASSOCiates. producers of the rock 
opera. "Tommy." I had my hrst reunion with the Aquanus 
Theatre since '· Hair ." Vallon was referrmg to the bar at the 
rea r of the auditOrium. They get $1 for a bottle of Mlchelob ' 
Anyway. Larry was escorting a young lad V Deanna from 
Indiana. and the;.. were holding up the bar 

The lobby was hke a bee hive . Peopl~ from everv part 01 the 
entertainment business were there bUilding managers 
agents. secretaries . "stars." Th re were plD-ball machine ' m 
the lobby for people to toy With . and the bar was packed 
People were running around With expectant looks on their 
faces hoping to catch a glimp e of one of the Who or some of 
the Rolling Stones or maybe Paul ~1cCartnC\ . all of whom 
were there to see the b neftt premiere opemng of the Who's 
spectacular rock opera . "Tommy' 

After several trips to the bathroom upstairs for nasal rellCI 
the show started at about 8 4;; p m We all went to our seats itS 
the Overture began . The fir t thing one nOli ted about the opera 
was that the sound was all around . It was done In quadrasomc . 
which seemed to give the taglng of the opera \et another 
dimenSIOn . 

And then the story began to unfold on the sta!!e. Act I took u. 
right through the first two Sides of the album's stor\' wit h 
better than adequate people plaYing Townshend 's roles . Alan 
Hubbs. plays Captain Walker . Tommy s father . and. though 
there was constant mohon on the stage. he stayed pnmanh 
with exhibiting his powerful tenor vOice B rt Woods. the ACid 
Queen 's Hawker. dances up a storm throughout the 
performance. ann. hiS product. Annette Cardona Ilhe ACid 
Queen ) is just as pleasant to listen to as she is to look at. Cncle 
Ernie is portrayed With a good deal of sweet .. ess by DaVid 
Talisman who looks as though he were type ca t 

Hanging above the stage were four or five hexagonal screens 

EllipticalOperatics? 
Boris Godunov 

Philip Golas 

The most SIgnificant thmg I 
can say about the San Diego 
Opera Company's production of 
" Borts Gudonov " is that I 
walked out Thinking that the 
European tyle of a cast 
taking ItS curtam call after the 
second act was climax enough 
for this fiendishly dull 
production. I found no' need to 
bother . It was beautiful 
outside 

[ had heard little of the opera 
other than that ;-';orman 
Treigle. former star of two San 
Diego productIOns. was to take 
the lead aBortS G. To many. 
hiS superb stage presence and 
muslcaltty were what kept 
them in the CIVIC Theatre 
opening night. 

A loca l Critic commented. at 
the scason 's outset. that the 
chOice of unfamiltar opera 
I "Turandot. " " Barber of 
SeVille." "Boris Gudonov .... 
" Help Help the Boboltnks", 
was rtskv The first two 
productio·ns . quite ~ood . 
seemed to den\' this claim 
"Gudonov" was 'probably what 
he meant Not onlv was the 
ongmal libretto tampered with 
so that the storv line becomes 
both ted IOU . and elliptical. but 
to what avail was it reVised? 
Treigle ' entrance . which 
revIsion might have 

h~lghtened . was far from 
grand He did not complement 
the gUillotine que morc -
pamsh-than-Byzantlne sets -

all of which were stili agatnst 

black curtains as If indica tive 
of a high school budget and 
Imagination while prevlou 
productIOns were not 

Somehow the opera opens on 
a strong choral note A Similar 
usage of the massive chorus 
throughout turns thiS goodness 
mto bombastlcs And Without 
program summaries It I 
ImpOSSible to determme wha t 
merits th e bombasllci m' 
Admlttedll' the opera street 
cene IS fated to exaggerauon 

but to ab urdilV? What 
remams of what I -tolerated 
I namely all up to Trelgle s 
Impressive solo I plodded along 
In much darknes With that 
non ense which makes the fat 
of an opera "Gudonov ' I 
obese imple transmiSSIOns of 
mtent fill whole acts which are 
debatablv . writt e n or 
performed ~' Ith med locrlt)· 

In short. there IS nothmg 
grand about that opera which 
rehes on a feeble woman 
kissing a plucked duck as Its 
sole source of entertatnment 
;-';or IS there anything grand 
about an orchestra whi ch 
begins tuntng and pullellng 
before the houspltght · come on. 
perfunctory backdrops . \Jr a 
hammertng from backstage 
Certainly there IS nothmg 
grand about Insen sI tiv e 
reperJOire men who feel thut 
for the sake of operetlc sr lence 
the\ must subject faithful 
audience' to bleak on\'-
chararter works \\hlch (,H'n 
the greatness of a Trelgle IS 
unable to ressurett 

flfCAnZJLE 
SUPPL '1 2"'~'" 

" I~'S. WCl1 - $1.98 
10'0 MD~no. elvJ • 

0Nn 10" Ttt.t •• - SQ.t. 

of varYlDg ~Ize The\' were u. ed for film and 'hdl' projections 
that aid ID th telling of Tommy s ston The h~htlDg and l'l,ual 
effects ar very tasty . and the stage Itself IS tiered dnd laden 
\\Ith mirrors. and the band whlrh does a good Job planng th(' 
Whos musIc \.\ as at stage right I ~udlen(:c II'It 

The u nderture ends ,\ct 1. the lights go on. dnd the p"fJpl~ 
dash for the bar E'en'onC' looks happy and thtl are talklDg oS 
though the\' are exc ited about the opera Larr IS ~mlltnl! and 
talking WI h some front ro\\ fnends. All lo(·ks good a' the 
people head back to their. eat: and the lights go off for Act II 

Pmball \\Izard . tarted things off fa t for Act II The mU,I( 
sounded even better than ID Atl I and wh.t s thl- an 1'\ II 
,mell tn the air 

In Act II Tommy portrayed with" good dcal of senSllllltl 
and profeSSionalism bv Ted "'ee!e\ tak~s over d the' 
protagomst I had forgotten f 0 I that:>;c Ic\ \\'a' play IDI! il dCdl 
dumb. and blind boy l'p to thiS POlOt In the opera, hiS \OIC£' had 
been qUiet and meek However the portra\al of Sensa lion III 
about the I11lddl£' of Act II rE'allv broke him loose H(" was all 
over the stage danCing and <'lngm~ and shOWing the audience 
hiS stuff il lS VOIC(: changed to po\\erful and dvnamlc. and 
e\en'one's attenlton was locused on hiS acting He was 
excellent ,n the productlon and IS probablY on hiS wa\ to betn 
a big 'iuccess In the entprta Inmpnt bu Iness 

"'eele\ took us through the Hohd,n Camp the campers 
r volt. and hiS o\\n fmal self-reahzatlOn: The crowd was on Its 

fec~ dUring the Finale dnd. when thE' light: had gone on, all 
one could hear lias pPOple whl,penng about the nugmflcent 

choreol!raph~' mgmg. and lighllng. but most of all people 
were ravmg about :\eele\'s talent 

We waded through the crowd and found Larry and Deanna . 
left the theatre. and began making ou r wav toward the Room 
At The Top for the after part\' On the wav I a ked Deanna 
IIhat he thought of the production and he said J think It 
was great And I m from Indiana so J f--- -· kno\\ She does . 
too 

Editor' ;-';ote 
The follOWing letter as well as the letter on the left are m 

response to Michael Rosen 's artlcle ID CrltlCl.m and praise of 
the la t Visual Arts how I mtended to Include an article 
someone wrote tn prals of :'Ilr Ro en s article. but 
unfortunately . no trace has been seen of the gentleman who 
promised to write the laudatory story It seemed as though the 
artl, ts who were praised 111 the ' artworks?" story wen' \efl 
plea ed . and those who were panned were displeased and wrote 
rebuttals Such I lmaglDe IS life 

~1isguided Critic? 
Editor 

I Just flDlshed reudlng 'lr Rosen 's mtltlsm 01 the 
undeq!raduatl' art show and tunslder('d It nere.san tu POint 
uut that th iS crrtlc I. mISgUided In hi ... crrtlcl:m \.\ hl'lher 
through Ignorance or lack 01 thought I don't kno\\ , about art 
He I~ not qualified to pre<leh hiS own oplDlon. behind the lacadl' 
of CrItical reporting I WdS appalled of ('flur,e by hiS appraisal 
of mv picture bl'cau. e he not on" m",ed the POint 
complete" but proceeded to pour J \'Itrolle stream of rhNorr(' 
dOlln the wrong hole as It \lere :-'1\ sole intention \la" to 
pruduce a Visual obJt'Ct Am' supposed pertl'ntIllU,Ill''iS \Ir 
Rost"n finds IS read In b~ hlm ... elf The captions. m 
twcntv-ftve words or le~s are meant \(l ass .... t a ca.·ual 
\ Iewc·r. not prOVIde d roadmap to arustlr enllghtenmenl \n\ 
attempt to us It as such IS a short-cut one <houldn t eXp('ct 
from an art Critic \Ir Rosens CritiCIsm of ml lIurk or DaVId 
Alward 's or Alan S('ku1a S IS clipSI'd in hIS lilck ot 
understanding 01 the I:sues hemg presented Art ID Its purl' 
form has a relatIOnship to aesthetics that IS cmncldcntallf It 
eXISts at all To Judge It uSlOg il('sthelll: standards IS lIkl' U'tng 
a 'J\.\ blade to drrle home a nail 'I r Ros('n has m"dl the 
mistake 01 re\le\\tng the captions. not the works them.eiles 
11 thl captions deSCribed thl' paintings. one wouldn t need Ihl' 
pdlntmi(s themselves 

L.Sht Up the sky 
Now play;nq throuch arch 19th 
A hilarious 

bac stage pee~ at 
BrodowdY during 
he mid For 'es. 

By oss Hart. 
Specld s'udert 

ra e: $ 1. 50 any 
;me except 

Sa 

Into/"ltrvlftonl '3'·2255 
.tt.r noon P 0 801 217' 

S.n Otego , Call' 512"2 
T",., Wed Thur, S .... n 

12 50 & 12 IX 

Sll,;de"l~ &. 
enl Sleel ... 
except Sit. 

11 5 

Triton Times Februo ry 28, 1972 Page 3 

n 

-., 



IMPOIITED FOOOS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF THE "ARTICHOKE FRIT All"" 

Cresci's f & ~J 
\Iar!..!'t &: Dclit 'all'>,en 

Ca lerinl!- all .ize parlic, 
Food 10 go 

;833 Girard \'1'. La Jolla. Calif. "59-:) 191 

PAPA DIIUeHI'S 
ITALIAN fOOD 

Wednesday Nite Special: 
Spaghetti Dinner, AI Yeu C.II Eot S 1.59 

327 N. Hwy 101 , Solano Beach 755-2733 

~IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII~ 
~ t Cal Jet Charter's • ~ 
I "SPRING BREAK FLIGHTS" I 
= = ~ Don't be misled by lower prices, investigate first! Fly ~ 

~ with our reliable charter group. Know your facts an ~ 
= your charter carrier before you sign your application. :: ! ~:~; "':~T~~:;;:;~~~" ;;:~:'" ;:;~~;;,I;";~72 I 
I Fl;ghlj O,"inalion Oal. A. li n. p';"1 
:: • (LEAVING MARCH 19th) • :: 

__ F:,::" ~~j.~. ~ ~tt~:: ::::: ._1 
~CLA I 9 21 LA 10 011(090 tv Mar 19 fAmer) $ 12200 

'1 • ~;~~~~G :~;~~ 26th . I § ,," N 16 SF 10 NY UFK) l ... Mor 26 j A.m,,) $15900 § § NY IlFK ) la SF R.f Ap 2 § 
=
§ NCn O SF loCh'cogo Lv Mar26 I Arner) SI2200 _E 

Chtco90 to Sf Rei Ap 2 

=

1 :::' ~2~E ::~:~ :::, ::::: 1_ 
,.(1 84 l A loOllcogo l~ Mor16 Amel l $12200 

I :::~"". ~;~A;~~}. ~:.;;;., ::::: I 
;: tONEWAYWESTCOASTTOEUROPE. :: 

=_

1::: ir~ ~~i~- :fg!~ .~I" T:I:;.~'I:: 1:~~~ ~ _1 __ = 
II 799 Oo~ 'LA 10 Am~lerdom Lv Moy 21 Sol " Q 00 
, 91 7 lA Oo~ 10 london l .. June 7 ani A I I S 169 00 i U1tONE §~~~¥nl~r~~1r\I~~ I 

= f871 8ruuehloOo~ Rei Ju~14 1114) $1 . 900 = i • SPRING QUARTER EUROPE ROUND TRIPS . i 
= _9 111 " LA /Oolo,tolondon t .. M Ol 12 ent A L) S14900 = 

::_~ 191318 ::::-k':o'~::: ~:'::9' 6 8'~'O~ , 124900 i 
= .. london to lA /Oo~ Ret June 17 707 = 
:: .91 . ,7 LA /Ook to london tv Apl6 tsr,IA l S249oo -= 
= lonclon 10 LA ·Ook Re' June 7 70' = 
E _ 91~17 lA ,Ooktolondon l. Moy lA enlAl $24900 i I~_= ::~ tSP~~;;PA~~~~~r,~?,2. :::: _I~_= 

T o k,o to LA SF ~e t Aug 9 let 

I , M] tsPE~~l:;~~RI~: J~~~IN~~;~~T · 137900 1 
1- -As~M,:~:Ts~~~~~~f~~~L~~~:~~~A--1 

AJI ' ::oe : ~I ,..of. t ,''' fedelol TOA ond Deporture To_ .... here opp!.coble ond o n 
odITllM,lrO' lve fee of S .. 00 per penon I helol iuu ... 0 ': ~Mf'f4 nn a pro rolo shore 
f Ihe 10101 cos' of\d a re sub lee ' to on ,ocreow Of dec reo~ depend,ng on the 

tKfuol nuMber of partiCipants on eoCh IOd"" duol Illg ht These Charter Fhghh 
are Clvo~Clbte only to " ud,nt', employ" ' . uoH. foculty, ond n fenstOn 
" udenll of the Untv"lt' y of California and memben of then Immedlat. 
fo m"'" 
Tho .. a,. NO MEMBERSHIP FEES 
Ali f '."n" VIa cer1lfled oltllne~ flYing te' e<twl pme '" Comphmentory meal, and 
bever~e\ W!rved In flight 

For Applicotlon & Fur,he, Informohon wrlle 
C"l JET CHAITUS 
2 ISO G,"" S,,"' ."o" IOIS ) 922· 1434 

= Son Fron.ciKo, CohfOfnMl 9'113 = 
• 51'1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111UIlIllIllIIllIIIllIIllrF. 

Page 4 Triton Times February 28, 1972 

triton tlInes 
.......... c .......... 

&a .... c.-..aar 
17MI ..... , ... ,I1 ............ '017 

1Wrw.,."11 IaClllef Tilly ............ ...... 

TIlt ....... ..,.... .... In .... .., tile 
TllTOII TIMIS UIIrIeI ~ All .... .... 
.. .,..., .... ,... In ..... II tile......, .... 
......... II .. ..,. ..... 1M .. lit IICIUIfIly 
!!!I!c! III !1m " III TllIOI TIMn 

MINORITY EDITORIAL 
The opinions expressed below have been approved 
by a minority of the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. 

Students at UCSD are faced with a unique and 
complex set of referendums this week. We are 
being asked in effect whether the Associated 
Students should undergo a drastic restructuring 
through the adoption of voluntary membership. 
We are also being asked to consider cooperative 
action for community legal aid services. 

Voluntary Membership 

We feel it is a fundamental student right to 
determine whether or not one wishes to participate 
in student government. We also feel that the 
ASUCSD is in need of a basic restructuring of its 
organization to eliminate bureaucratic 
inefficiencies. But whether or not the voluntary 
membership program is the most effective 
alternative for achieving this restructuring is 
questionable. Unfortunately we fail to hear clear 
and objective arguments on the question from the 
Coalition for a Voluntary A.S. or from the A.S. 
There is no guarantee that a reorganization forced 
by the adoption of voluntary fees will eliminate the 
, urrent inherent inequities in the A.S. If nothing 
else, the A.S. has served as a continuing student 
voice in the development of administrative policy. 
A voluntary A.S. may substantially reduce or even 
eliminate that voice. Further, the adoption of 
voluntary fees may necessitate the elimination of 
some services now provided by the A.S. Others 
may have to be funded through alternative sources 
such as the Registration Fee or the Proposed 
Student Activities Fee. Allocation from these 
sources will certainly involve significant non-
student input. In the best interests of UCSD 
students it is necessary that the Coalition present 
to the students what the explicit effects the 
passage of voluntary membership will have on the 
present structure. We feel that merely deleting a 
structure is not enough. Instead the implication 
and repercussions should be presented to the 
voter, and a concrete alternative be presented in 
written form. 

Legal Aid Services 
We are living in a society that is departing from 

the recognition of civil rights and liberties, in favor 
of preserving property rights. This move is clearly 
evident in San Diego. Community legal aid 
services may be the first step in providing the 
assurance that a student's individual and civil 
rights will be preserved. But before any issues can 
be acted upon we must know through what 
structure will this program be presented. In the 
best interests of UCSD students it is necessary that 
those sponsoring this referendum present to the 
students the structure will this program be 
presented. I n the best interests of U CSD students it 
is necessary that those sponsoring this referendum 
present to the students the structure of this 
program. We have no assurances that all possible 
forms of legal aid have or will be considered. Unt il 
it has been demonstrated that all considerations 
have been made, we cannot give the sponsors a 
mandate for unlimited action. 

The uncertainties we have presented are of 
grave importance. We hope you will consider them 
carefully before casting your vote. 

triton tiDles 
Editllr-in-Chi .. f '1111" ~t·" in 
Cit, EdiWr J)al id Ihu·h hindt'r 

'1 a 'na~i";,: E,lilur Calll\ ~hari('k 
CIIP~ Edilllr Chll"~ (;raham 
JlII.ill'·" '1 al1a~"r Tt'rn Barak 
EtliloriaIDirt,t'Wr \larl-:Sicgl' l 
\ rh Ell i tctr Carri,· II ifkt·, 
~I""I' Edilctr "ik,· lIal~ 

l'hIlICl;.:raph~ E, lilllr Jill· Ea.I, ' rn 
Tke rRITON TIMES t ~ off l clo lI~ rec ognllfd and hlpporttd 0 \ 0 " udent 
ne wspapt r by the Commvnlcotlon~ Boofd of the UI\IV, rS lty of Collfornlo , 
$Oft O.ego 8ulldlng 1~O. MOHhe .... ' Campu" La Jollo , CollfornlO 91037 
Publl(0110n IS fW t( t wH~ly on Tuesd0Y' and Frldoy, Oftice, orf Ioc.oled 
In room 11 7 Sioke HolI, on the Rf~t ll t ( ampus For advertiSing phone. 
.'31000, X 1017, for edltoflo l or nC'., phone X 1016 

What's It All A 
Legal Services 

On Legal Services 
by R. Allen link 

by Ken Carr 
Black Liberators (Black Law 

(Editor's Note : Dean Zink serves as a special 
assistant to George Murphy and Will Smith in 
the Department of Student Affairs. He is a 
graduate of Harvard Law School and is a 
member of the California Bar. ) 

personally, the student arrested on Friday 
night cou ld be out on O.R. in a~ little time as 
four hours . 

In the event that the judge will not grant an 
O.R. release , and insists that a monetary sum 
be provided. the student will sit in jail until 
trial (typical time delay IS as much as two 
months) or until bail money is provided . America knows that because and under her flag we the kidnapped Gods of Africa have 

received nothing but hell, beatings and killings 
without due process of law, day and night, not 
only in the past but in the present. 

On Nov. t2, t971 55 students representing 
the entire scene of UCSD had an illegal 
meeting with the then Chancellor York. 
Presented to him was a list of 
commandments, all predicated with the 
increasing realization of a police-University 
conspiracy to keep watch and survey students 
who do not fall within the traditional yardstick 
of college students. 

quickly 
La Jolla. 

A hal! 
Associa 
kidnapped 
guise of 
we 

was. the wretched of 

meeting of the Law 
and myself were 

Department under the 
not even arrested, for 

for false arrest. and 
inl':lrr'pr",'" county 's concentration 

An upcoming referendum will be asking AS 
members whether they wish to fund minimum 
post-arrest legal services for those members 
needing such services. As one who has dealt 
extensively with stud ents who have found 
themselves involved with the legal process , I 
feel that my experiences may help in putting 
the issues into perspective. 

Do our students get arrested ~ The answer is 
a definite "yes." Although I am sure I have 
not been called to help in every case of a UCSD 
student involved with the law, I have been 
involved with a sigmflca nt number - students 
from all of our colleges , and a greater 
proportion of white students than mmor ity 
students. The cases have ranged from arrests 
for outstanding park ing tickets and other 
minor traffi c cita trons , disturbing the peace . 
being drunk In a publi c place , drunken 
driv ing: petty theft. auto theft . fraud : assault 
and batte ry : ma rr jua na possessIon : 
possession of marijuana for sa le. misuse of 
te lephone credit ca rds: writing bad checks . 
more serious fe lony charges In VIrtually 
everv instance. the student involved has been 
stunned by the swiftness of the legal 
machinery that has moved agalnsl him I and 
her ! '. And In eve ry case the sludent was 
grateful fo r any help prOVided from whatever 
the source I have done whal I could , bul the 
services listed In the referendum could 
prOVide the student With mo re extensIve 
supporl. quicker response. and most 
Importantly would Involve a downtown San 
DIego lawyer who IS In ac tive crrmlnal 
practice 

ov. 10, 1971 a couple of brotbers and myself 
were resting on the corner in front of room 
250. We had just heard through the grapevine 
of a raid by tbe FBI on a certain ethnic office 
at Third College and were trying to analize the 
extent of police activity on campus. As we 
rapped we saw a San Diego Police 
Department cruiser jamming 
througb tbe campus in tbe typical bodacious 
manner we are so familar with in the black 
community. Being higb in revolutionary vigor, 
we stopped the officer and questioned him to 
his exact reason for being here . We then 
informed the officer that there does exist the 
UC Police Department as well as paternalistic 
administrators and faculty members I Muir 
and Revelle ) who on occasion demonstrate 
more authority than the police, (Bro. Soni 's 
flag bust, sit-in demo over war research. ) The 
officer oinked at us about being the supreme 
being and "having eminent domain ." WE 
flashed, flashed hard at our predicament here 
in La Jolla , We had just had a meeting of the 
Black Law Association which was shrouded 
With (:untroversy because of a resident of La 
Jolla not digging on black students gettmg 
together. She termed us "Communist" as she 
fascislly ripped off our property. We tried to 
formulize a citizens' arrest and learned 

of incidents that 
population, especia Ily 
we had an obligation. 

without a demand. " 
York and began 

.,r.,d" ,,.11 our existence 

carrying guns 
_ "no IIVP of restoring our 

IIUtlonl loe,lr arms. 
of outside police 
including the F:Bl. 

ArrnMlnlPlltup nces, their agents 

the police station and 

The typical sequence of events following an 
arrest is known to most of us. The individual is 
taken in a patrol car to the San Diego County 
Jail where photographs and fmgerprints are 
taken. Under California law. the individual 
most be brought before a magIstrate within 
two days after arrest to be informed of the 
charges against him and to have bail set. I lf 
the arrest takes place on a Friday night. the 
two days do not start running until the 
following Monday morning. This mea ns that 
the individual can sit in the jail from Friday 
night until the following Tuesday afternoon 
before bai l is set l ) The purpose of bail is. of 
course. to encourage the mdivldual to show up 
for tri al. 

restoration of our civil 

adequa te legal care for 

York we were told to 
at another time so 

pacifier, George 
We tried to force 

Our only alternative 
ha nds of the police 
of meetings which 

Within that time [ 
sunIiU"I _ arrested three times. 

ted by the FBI. 
nhl,tn,. r ' nllll"i.pll cars and seen an 

Ing of the campus by 
to. lied a bou t. been the 

Cont. on Pg. 7 

Where the judge is convinced that the 
individual will ve ry likely show up withou t the 
posting of a monetary sum. he can release the 
individu al on hi s own recognizance 
(commonl y referred to as " O.R." ). The key to 
getting an O.R. is prov iding the judge with 
information ind icating that the accused has 
sufficient ties or contact with the communrty 
to ensure his presence at trial : e.g., local 
address and telephone number : employed 
locall y: enrolled in a local school : local 
references who will speak up for the 
indiVidual : membership in local organiza· 
tions : local lJank accounts : etc The key to a 
timely O.R. release is having this information 
on file where it can be quickly produced fo r the 
judge . Thus. if this information were readily 
available , and a judge could be reached 

It seems clea r that we can expect more 
arrests thiS prrng and summer m conjunchon 
with the coming convenUon The ChIcago and 
Washington. D,C . experience are Simply too 
recent in memory to belIeve anything else. 
These conve nuon-related arrests, In add Ilion 
to the otherwise predictable arrest situanons 
our students find themselves In , would appear 
to call for some kind of supporllve legal 
services. My office door in BUilding 250. 
Matthews Campus. is open to anyone who 
wishes to drop by and discu s the e and other 
issues . 

Retain Man ory Fees 
by Paul Kaufman, .\ .. Pre id e nl 

Last Friday. I a rgued that students should vote to approve $1 Reg lstrauon Fee Committee has over $1.000.000 of your 
per person out of their total present AS fee to make the fi rst I 100 per quarter per student ) to spend on serving your 
step toward creating a legal aid program fo r the student ic needs : yet the AS, which appoint the co-
communlly. That. I feel . is the more pressing qu esuon on the of that committee, has been unable to find any 
upcoming refe rendum than wh ether to make the AS a willing to serve as co-chairman next yea r . That's your 
mandatory or voluntary organization, I Plea se note that a vote and you are throwing away control of it 
for the legal aid program would nol preclude a vote for the membership of the AS includes every 
voluntary fees. since volunta ry fees would not go into effect te student. committee appOintees from the AS ca~ 
until next Fall Quarter.) Yet. I would like to devote this With the audhority of the entire student body. AS 
co lumn to argue for the retention of mandatory fees because I . PlresE! nta tives are li stened to . It hould be poSS ible for any 
believe that if the AS is to be gotten rid of. then it should be or group of students to voice an objection. make a 
done so for real reasons - not on the basis of the bull shit that mendation. or effec t a change - to use the 
" the Coalition for a Volunta ry AS" is trying to pass off as nrs lrative offices which are intended to serve them - just 
a rguments. I'Ir tue of the fac t that they are students. Bul gettmg 

Why hasn't the AS done more? We have done a lot. with very departments to decentralize so that a problem 
few people. If you don't know what we've done. that 's at leasl ~ It hln reach of those directlv affec ted bv It rather than 
pa rti v our fault : but if yOU don't know what the AS is. and don'l to work through cumbersome and unnecessa rily 
ca re: th n perhaps you have a valid reason to vote it away If ucrauc "channels" is itself a problem if the problem to 
the AS could not meet the problems th ere a re. but was only With is that you cannot break into a cyclical deciS IOn-
abl e to serve itself . disassemble it. process which feeds on and serves itself. Yet, the AS 

But the ironi c thing is that we in th e AS do not manufactu re officia l stature: it is recognized by the administration as a 
any problems to serve the purpos of making us look of the Univer ity of Ca lifornia . The office of the 
legitimate : we only react to th e situations which students Students IS abl e to open doors . to be the 
themselves define as probl ems If you see no problems wilh [or change. The student body preSidents are even 
UCSD. the AS has nOlhing to do . And yet. even more ironic IS for a student spokesman on the Board of Regents. and 
that It doesn' t matter whether . in rea litv. the AS can do what student body presidenls, at a recent Regents meeting. 
you would like it to do. It ca n do nothmg unless you legitimi ze only limited prrvilege of the floor . played a major role in 
it. give It rea lity. use it. participate In It. make it adapt. the baltic for a n additional $1 6 million for fin ancial 

Wbat Is tbe AS? Coordinate aDd Facililate 
Then what is the AS ?THE AS is NOT a programming boa rd '21 The other legitimate function of the AS IS to coordinate 

11 programming is all ~' ou want. then you certainly don ' t need lacllitate any student or student group In accomplishing 
the organization which is the Associated Students. ThiS year they wi h to accomplish. The AS is a resource. it ha s 
we contributed aboul $12 .000 for programming . our recent and money is power We do not pretend to be a really 
merger of the AS program boa rd with the campus-wide . n,<-conl ' ve "government" - every student IS a member of 
Program Board means that a single boa rd u ing mostly Reg different communities and many sp clal tnteres~ g roups . 
Fee fund . and some AS funds lor so it IS anticipa ted I wi ll dnd your group are the only one abl to represent your 
coordinate. schedule. and fund all programming on campus pa rticular and limited Intere ts. but we can help you do 
Then what need is there for a n AS? [n truth . the same need for l' ffectivelv. But why should the entIre student body pay $6 
it that there i now. a need which is less viSible. orlen more land a special add·on of $6. to the AS fee Ihi s quarter 
indirect. but just as real. and perhaps more Important than next quarter for financial aids) to serve the interests of 
programming . . a segment of the student body ? Because regardless of 

As AS President. I have operated under the philosophy tha t your Interests or special need might be , you can make 
the AS has the capability to serve two distlOCt [unctions : I I to of the A.S" and you can use the A.S. to represent yourself 
provide student representation In all a reas of campus committees . to meet your needs. to do projects in your own 
governance and on all bodies which make decisions affecting In terest. or that interest yOU ) - onlv the dead or 
groups within the student body. Very few students even know nklng could be satisfi ed w'lth the academic or social 
how these deciSIOns are mad . but every student feels the and community relations which are UCSD and 
result just the same. Thus. it you were hoping that there would can be made beller 'if you alone feel they need to be 
be a politrcal science departmenl next year. you can plan on belter, But even if the things which most concern you are 
daydreaming for another year . Perhaps you 're a sociology not sufficiently real and immediate to move you to actIOn , 
major having trouble finding enough sociology courses to everyone will make use of some project or program 
graduate, what can you do about it for next year ? Swearing al the AS has taken upon itself to initiate on your behalf. I 
the walls won 't help . but the student representatives from the fi nd it unimaginable that even the most egocentric and 
AS sitting on the Program Review Committee I which makes teous student would object to increasing the operating 
justthat kind of decision) can help. the University. to securing state funds for financial 

t. 

aids . or blocking legislation which would hurt students. Tho e 
are the types of things With which a lobby IS concerned . so 
$3.000 of your AS fee went to the ASSOCiated Students Lobby 
this vear (Over $18 .000 went directly to student cl ubs and 
orga nizatIOns which would be large(v crrppl d wllhoul AS 
funds to operate on.) 

Sala ries? Yes. we pa y people to work As PreSIdent. I 
receive $450 for the year I Including the ummer which [ spent 
in the AS of!ice ). All told . we allocated a round $21.000 for 
sala n es . The people we pay can 't afford not to be paid. as 
ded Icated as Ihey are Thev need the bread . because little 
thrngs like gasoline , rent. and food cost money And it IS hard to 
do WIthout little things li ke a place to sleep. food to eat . and 
gasoline fo r your car Juan Lopez received $500 to spend three 
months making contacts in the bUS iness communltv generating 
and cultiva trng jobs for students . I don 't need to tell vou that 
jobs are sca rce and students need jobs The A S spen't $400 in 
sa la ries to have research done and published on the UCSD 
power structure. At the back of your student direc torv IS a 
detailed compilation of who ('ontro ls what on thiS ca mpus. If 
some change necds to be made. both you and I now halie a 
better Idea where to direct our energies 

Steve Pingree will receive a sa lary of about $3.000 for 
s rving as the AS' first Coordinator of Off Campus HOUSing. 
As the student body grows, and Increasing dorm rents force 
students off campus. Steve 's effo rts will help to en ure that 
there is suffiCient housing avai labl e to them in the community 
And If you don't live off·ca mpus, you Will probably benefit 
from the ass istance whIch the AS IS giving a group of 
concerned Residence Hall s tudents fig htrng to lower on· 
campus rents. During the summer when a compromise faculty 
sa la ry- increase bIll was be fo rI' the legIslature . and II looked a 
though Reaga n Inlg ht sign It If It passed. I was one of a very 
few students around campus USing my own money. \I Ith 
gUidance from our lobby office and working In the name of the 
tudent body, I was able to secure the support of commul1lt~ 

and bUSiness leaders In pressunng our loca l state senator Into 
casting the dec iding vote on the fac ully pay ra ise bill Such 
efforts are a legitimate fun tion of an AS president. and the 
admlnistration's own Sacramento lobbv lst credIted those 
efforts with winning what eemcd to be a (:rucla I vote 

If you do not receive benefits from anyone parllcular A 
alloca tion. you are likely to be compensa ted by benefi ts from 
some other program funded by the AS 

The legal aid question for which your OpIniOn IS sought 10 the 
upcoming referendum leads me to my frna l point. There are 
almost no projects which we can fund With the mandatory AS 
fee that everyone who pays the fee WIll benefit fro m Not 
everyone will be arrested. not everyone WIll need legal 
services. Not even the $17.000 which we a lloca te to the 
Communica tions Board benefits ve ryone. Simply because 
significant portions of the student body don't read the TRITON 
TIMES or any journal. But AS income and expenditures are 
nevertheless justifi ed by philosophica l considerations. 

Mandatory Fee-Tax 
A mandalory fee, when it costs more. IS ca lled a tax . And the 

logiC behind taxation applie In the case of the mandatory A.S. 
fee as well. Some things which a student feel s the need to do 
are the things which make him a student, which are 
instrumental to his own personal education in thi educational 

Coat. OD PI. 7 

DOCTORS 'RESCRIPTIONS 
EXHRTL Y FILLED 

IAr, .. 5ol#rlioll' 
of Ifrlal ,"'"'" 

Repairs 

59 ·4047 
Sterlng Contact 

Lenses 
Z4-HOUI Iwl.GINeT 

SaYlel 
401 VIA DIL Nom 

---f' lIANG 
.TEN 

WEHAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH. 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREA TEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTAUS INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 

iNe. 

ONCE A YEAR SALE 
We must decrease our inventory by 
March 15 _ Many items listed at 
slightly above cost. Some one of a 
kind. All priced to go! 
2 Sony T CB recorder decks 
2 Ponosonic SSw receivers 
I JVC 140 watt receiver w I SEA 
3 Sany TC-120 recorders 
1 Mirocord SOH turnlable 
2 Mirocord 630 turntable 
3 Scott receivers w I free 

$109.50 
5159.95 
S269.95 
$99.95 

Sl49.95 
$99.95 

heodphDnes 5225 to $334.95 
1 TEAC A 1200U $269.95 
2 Pioneer SI·1500TD receiver $319.95 

PLUS MANY, MANY MORE 
La Jolla Music 

11 28 Wa ll St. La Jolla 

Triton Times February 28, 1972 Page 5 ' 

.•. 



- .. .. 

Intermurals Wind 
Down., BB Playoffs 

.. and the fog spreads a silent shroud upon the campus, 
leaving the rowdy multitude quieted and serene ..... (p.s.·1972). 
BALONEYI The intramural scene is anything but quiet and 
serene, despite this miserable mist that engulfs UCS D. 
Plavorrs are already in progress in men ' ,coed, and 5'10" and 
under basketball, amen' one-on·one basketball tourney is to 
be played this week ' the coed soccer finale is coming up 
Sunda\'. March 5, at 2 p.m : and , with all this, the Intramural 
Department i busily dreaming up good thlOgS for Sprtng 
Quarter . 

Two very good coed soccer teams match up Sunday for the 
championship in what promises to be a well-played contest 
Those satanic occer suckers. the RASPY DEVILS, will 
attempt to put it to ZOO II , easy winner of the Koolos League. 
Randy ' herd of beasts will rel~' heaVily on the efforts of AI 
Shamble, Pat, Jackie Bodin and Leslie Anderson as they 
attempt to remain undefeated two year running ( ... and 
running and running I The RASPY ones thmk they can change 
the champs to chumps behind super·scorers Mary Lou Hale 
and Pony Ma Mark and Stewart's goaltending could give the 
ZOO fits : the game should be an excellent one to watch -
remember , Sunday at2 p.m. 

ARGO V. CHAPARRO, LESSER OMENTUM and OFF all 
are vying for the Pee Wee htle, but It looks like Tom Wright 's 
OFF should pick up the crown with his bunch of5 ' 10" bruisers . 
II OFF can ever assemble Its whole team at once (Tong 
Terrific . where are you?), and if Tom Will start shoollng his 35 
footers from iDside the court , and if Don and Bill decide to play 
basketball mstead of rugby. the other teams should be hard 
pressed to top OFF . It's obvious that if a team IS to beat OFF, 
they must have qUick hands and be straight hooters or they 
might as well stay home in bed . 

The coed finals should find Rlck's CARNAL IGNORA 'CE up 
against the HOT LIPS of CAROL DODA (and lovm' every 
minute of It I If the male IGGIES can figure out a good way to 
neutralize Clain and Doug , the DlJM DUMS would have little 
trouble However , that should prol e to be much harder to do 
than 11 sounds I and it sounds next to impoSSible I. 

The men 's playoffs look IlkI' a rematch of the EBONY·LA 
JOLLA TREET GA:'>IG game. although CAROL DODA 'S 
GOLDE:\ GATE GREAT could sneak mto the iinals . 
espeCially If Mizer IS hot Of course. I! Rick doesn 't play at all. 
CAROL DODA' might just wm the whole thmg " 

A one-on-one conte t IS bemg organized a la ;\;BA. I I' 20 
POlOtS to a game . wm bl four ThiS IS a cha nc£' to see some of 
the top "stars" In action agamst each oth r - a Bobby prtggs, 
or DWight Bean. a Gunner Gu~' Fulkerson or Ghdm' Gle 
Simpson ThiS smgle eltminatlOn tournament will be held 

unda\ . March 5. startmg at 6 p.m. Sign-up sh els are 10 the 
mtramural off ice Reailzmg that the caltber of competition 
Will be sltghtly better than the "other one-on-one contest" 
bemg held In another league should not dl,courdge the local hot 
dogs. who should jump at the chance to show thClr SlUff agalOst 
some good opposition lor once AnI quesuons. phone Le at 
X2282 

Spnngume sports Isome real tine ones comlO up Spnng 
Quarter I Will be prcVlewed In up-and-commg arucle 

Making love IS greal. And If you really give a damn about both your 
lives you'll want to proteci her againsl accldenlal pregnancy. By 
USing a man's contraceptive Ihat 's been designed not only With pro-
lecllon In mind, bul With pleasure as well. For today's new condoms 
are exqulsllely senSitive, wh ile still prOViding the same dependable 
prolecllon Ihe condom has always been noled fori 
And now many of Ihe best brands of condoms are available by mall ... 
and delivered 10 you In a platO package to protecl your prtvacy. To 
discover some of our remarkable condoms for yourself, order one 01 
ou r sampler packs loday Or send for our free illushaled brochure. 

15,000 S.lllfled CUllomt" 
Our 'Ine products and rapid serv ice have won the praise of customers 

all over 1M counlry For example, Craig Luoma 01 Tacoma, Washington 
Wrtl! s. "Very pleased Wllh your sample pack . particularly impressed 
by I' e Iwo Bnl lsh Imports. Am ordermg more " Donald Cunningham 01 
Avol ·by·lhe-Sea , New Jersey, adds "Thank you lor spanng me contact 
With the 'under the counter' attitudes toward contraceptlYes so often 
lace 1 In slores" And Gary L Hess of Ilhaca, New York, commenl' : 
"II. as Ihe lasteSl I ever received anyth ing Thanks " 

TI order your sampler pack of Ihese remarkable condoms, ,imply 
use he coupon below. All orders are !tiled Ihe same day received and 
are shipped to a plain package . Satlslactlon IS guaranleed, or simply 
relu " Ihe unused portion 01 your order lor a lull relund 

PoP' lation Plannine Associl tes 
105 Horth Columbia Dept. " 
Chi ei Hill, H.C. 275t4 n.me (01 .... 0,,"1 
Ple .. e rush the follOWing In plain 
~.cI·Re .""d""df~"""'---------L.J $ampler pack of 13 assorled 
COl" oms plus illustrated brochul< 
del' rrblng complete selecliOn, $4 "I, ,t.t. 
o lIeluxe sampler containing 18 
mO(ted condoms (3 each of 6 dIf- ( ; 15 
ferent brands), plus illustrated bro- ''",P;---- .... 

I chure. Just $5 I 
o IIlustraled brochure only, Jusl (enc(ose paymenl In. tul l under your I I 25C money back guaranlee _________________________ J 

Page 6 Triton Times February 28,1972 

Yipee 

Riding Club at it Again 
Spring is just around the 

corner and signs of its 
imm inen t a rr i val ar e 
everywhere (if you ignore the 
fog) ' The latest activity to 
come out of winter hibernation 
is horseback rid ing. 

located on the right side of the 
road. 

So, if you are an equestrian 
lover of any kind , remember 
this Saturday, March 4, 9 a.m. -

12 noon at Horseman's Park. 
The event should be fun and 
quite interesting. Rumors have 
it that arrangements are being 
made with the weatherman to 

eliminate the fog. So y'all 
should be there. Be sure to call 
Sandy at 459-8977 or X2195 if 
any problems arise or if you 
decide to go. 

This Saturday is the big day 
for you Trigger lovers and 
whippersnappers. The UCSD 
Riding Club is sponsoring their 
version of a get-together from 9 
a.m. to 12 noon. The fee for this 
wi ll be $7 .50 and the place is 
Horsemar 's Park If you are 
going to be hungry, you might 
conSider bringing a picnic 
lunch, as there are picnic areas 
available. 

If you have any questions, 
call Sandy, 459-8977 or X2195. 
Also, if you are going you must 
either sign up in the P E. olfice 
or again. call Sandy. For those 
who are ecology oriented and 
don 't drive , transportation wi ll 
be provided , meet 10 the gym 
parkmg lot between 8:30 and 
8.45. 

Doubleheader Disaster 
The UCSD baseball 9 will probably want to 

forget last Saturday, as they managed to lose 
two ends of a double header to a strong team 
from Pepperdine. In the first game, the 
Tri tons lost a 1 to 0 lead in the 6th inning and 
ended up losing 6 to 1. The second game was 
a ll down hill from there and ended with a 9 to 
o score against UCSD. The Tritons seemed to 
have trouble seeing the ball as they forgol to 
get any hits. Must have been the fog , huh , 
fellas? 

Everything seemed to start out just fine as 
the Tritons cored one run in the first inning 
of the first game. on a walk to Curt Jenk ins 
and a triple by Jerry Pittman. Pete Yockey 
then took over and pitched fi ve strong 
inn ings, giving up only three hits. However. 
after two were out in the 6th . a bloop single 
started off a ra lly which ended up with three 

COMMUNiTY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

runs for Pepperdine. From then on , they 
never stopped hittting the ball , scoring three 
runs in the seventh inning of the first game 
and nine runs in the following contest. 

Their offense, and an inconsistent Triton 
defense, proved to be the demise of everyone 
rooting for the boys in blue (which by the 
way were not many) . We need not delve any 
further into these games. because they are 
past and well not to be remembered. The 
team is forever looking into that well-defined 
realm of the future as they look forward to a 
tough Azu sa team. Azusa - Pacific is 
bringing down their base ba ll team for a 2:30 
contest today. The game is on the UCSD 
baseball fie ld . We should do much better now 
that the cob-webs have been shaken off. The 
team is young, hea lthy, and ha an extremely 
good sense of humor. 

,y 

High Tide Low Tide 
Sunrise 6:38 Sunset 5:58 

A new stable IS being used 
this year and its facilities are 
better. Another advantage of 
Horseman's Park is its location 
- fai rly close to this campus. 
If you want to get there , take 
Miramar Road to 395 Then take 
Mira Mesa Blvd. exit west for a 
sborl distance. Turn right on 
Black Mountain Road at the 
s pot wh e r e th e s ign 
(Horse m a n's P a rk ) is . 
Conti nue for about two miles 
and you 're there. The park is 

Tues. - Sat. 
9, ~5-S ,30 

Women Welcome ' 

Clo .. d Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

AM Ht. PM Ht. AM Ht. PM Ht. 

FREDERICK'S SKI .. HIKE 
OUIFIIIERS 

GOOD SNOW EVERYWHERE! 

7722 Fay 
La Jolla 

COME IN AND LET US TAKE 
CARE OF YOUR NEEDS 

454-1 410 
Snow RIPOff! 454-235 1 

Written by The WHO 
In a major stage presentation 

( ... ' t " l' • .~. ,h· .. O to, ~ I . • t,t" 

" ... the only rock opera worthy 
of its billing," , .• "," .Eu" ",. " 

Limited Engagement Feb, 22 thru Mar. 26 
.i"U'_lLOW I"ft c r O .. II:[ .... ' (W "-"'OftMANCU'.n I[fI 15 1"''' SI. ~' '(I 20 

AOUARIUS Theater 
SUNSET AND JI"t HOLLYWOOD 

"'A'C( SCHEOULE 6 SprCl l.L lOW I"Jt IC £O PR[VI[W pn'OAM ANC[ S 
lur, hb l'lI thr uSun. 'tb 10fl !t!X).4W JW 

1t('UlU '1.'OIl",&o.;CU'U n Ihl~ "" f n 
• • "','. fr."· ,'', 

... I II "'," t ·: ~ P' ~ 1 J , .. 
., . , ~', 

S.te.1I O,\tlunl ',e", ",1t ~ t.,1 f .pp ~, 'l, fl." 'at 
lIuns AilA'Ul l("' " "J' '.)1 ': t I!. 7 
.. ',". 1< t'. ' . ' , 

, .. , .. , ., ..... 

--------------------------~ I ( 1'\~lou • 1elt .ddrfSUO st~m~ea en~eloPI! w,tn (heck Of mone~ o,d'i I I "iI,~blt It Tommylqu"lul 61)0 SUl'lsr l Blvd Ho! .,""'0011, C,III 90028 I 
I No 01 Suh Pme ucn S Toli l S i 
I Petlormill'C' d,te lsi cho.(e ll1d (Mlc t llo ,holte I 
I 14 Ie Fo~ S~1 a"d Sun perlc, fI'I"Iintn mdl"I! tltTI! dUlled I 
: N,,,( I 
I '~ORESS__ I 
I CIIY " AIL lIP : 
I PHONE NO -- I L. _______ ~.~ ________ ...:~~~~~-.1..J 

Mar. I, Wed 9:40 5.3 10:09 5.3 3'44 6.6 3:53 
Mar. 2, Thurs. 10 : 15 4.8 10 :31 5.3 4: 16 0.64 : 16 
Mar. 3, Fri. 10 :46 4.2 10:54 5.2 4:51 0.6 4:37 
Mar. 4, Sat. 11:21 3.6 11 :21 5.1 5:33 0.8 4:48 
Mar. 5, Sun. 12 :07 3.0 6:20 1.1 5:01 

Sunrise 6:22 Sunset 6:02 
Mar . 6, Mon. 12 :C2 4.9 1:30 2.5 7:31 1.3 4:54 
Mar. 7, Tues. 12 :39 4.6 9:26 1.2 

IN SOLANA BEACH 
SERV ING NORTH SAN DIEGO COUNTY 

FACTOH AUTHOR llEO 

SALES · SERVICE · PARTS 
: !~J:~Ec~m~ ~ SUZUKI ~ NEW . REBU ILT . USED 

INSURANCE 

rem NORTH COUNTY 755-42ru MOTORCYCLES 
l11 N HIGH WA r lei :'OLANl II.l. C" 

0.1 
0.5 
1.0 
1.5 
1.9 

2.3 

Fees ... CODtinUed from Page 5 
institution , or which are a prerequisite and prior to his being a 
student. Moreover, if the opportunity for " higher education" 
conslttutes a right (and is independent of your economic 
worth ), then: if you have any freedom at all to exercise your 
fight. the community of students in which you seek 
membership has the corresponding obligation to guarantee 
vour right to membership . If money is needed to guarantee 
your fight, then the community must provide it, or you have no 
fight at all , and you are neither free nor unfree to exercise it 

Those who cla im it is an abfldgement of indiv idual freedom 
to be forced into paying a mandatory tax fail to recognize that 
freedom and ri ghts presuppose freedom from economic 
barriers, and presuppose the ful fil lment of lhe oblt gation which 
belongs to everyone who shares that same right (an obligation 
which if economica l IS no less an obl igation). That extra $6 you 
are paying this qua rter and next which IS going to fi nanCial aids 
makes it possible for many students to be students , and Ino 
su rprise I a student in jail without the economic access to the 
legal help needed to get hi m out IS cut off from the stueent 
community, and ceases to be a student 

If you are going to vote to get rid of the AS. it might help to 
have a reason in mind. 

IUlES fEIHER'S 

ElLIOT GOU.D DONALDSUTHERLAI'.O ALAN ARKN 

plus 

Pinier' 5 People 
FRIDAY 7&10:30 USB 2722 

tickets availa ble at 
the urey hall box office 

NOTICE TO 
STUDENTS 

T he 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

will be returning all Winter 
Quarter textbooks by 

MARCH 6, 1972. 
If you haven't bought 
this quarter 's texts, 

you should do so 
before that dote. 

Legal Appraisal. .. 
letters To The Ed iror 

of a San Diego TV panel show, 
been the topic of a pep rap by 
the police department to hiS 
morning assembly of his 
L.lltalions , etc . 

The only substanllal effect of 
the whole campaign IS the 
student referendum appeanng 
lhis week . The four other pomts 
presented were successfully 
molded , castraled 
deemphaslzed to such a degree 
that the essence of the d mand 
was lost cven to ItS orgmators 

In the development of legal 
services for AS memb rs much 
compromise occu rred gl ven 
the r ality that thiS concept IS 
new to anv campu commuOlty 
as well as to .. the outSide 
world " Thereby need mg a 
s trong foundation before 
venturing in the total arena of 
ma SS IV , de tailed lega I 
services. 

Through a one dollar 
allocaLlon of your existing fees 
you Will prOVide [or yourse!!' 

I. a membership card which 
Will contain vour name, you 
civil rights. two dimes (for 
phone ca ll s from jail I, a 
telephone number to call to 
start the process of getting you 
out . 

2. a series of lega l educal10n 
seminars 

3 24-hour emergenc\' 
service 

4. legal counsel 10 term of 
receiving an O.R. release 
(Own RecogOlzancel 

5. If the crime charged IS a 
serious or violent felony. an 
O.R release may not be 
pOSSible . As ba'll maybe 
reqUired the AS is trymg to 
develop a bat! fund to deal In 
these situations Also the 
service will help the tudent 
arrange for bat! on hiS or her 
own 

SUMMER JOBS 
Guys & G.ls needed for summer 
employment at numerous loca· 
lions throughout the nltion in-
cluding Nalional Parks, Resort 
ArtIS, Ind Private Cemps, For 
free information send self-ed· 
dressed_ STAMP E D envelope to 
Opportunity Resellch, Dept 
SJO, Century Bldg" Polson, MT 
59 860. APPLICANTS MUST 
APP LY EARLY _._ 

UII AI'tIII~ DE LA PUlA 

hoM 419 - 1461 

Grourles, 

'''~IC'' I •• fs, 
Wi .. & Iter 

Continued from Page 5 

6. If a student IS arrested 
and released from Jail the 
service Will refer him / her to a 
panel attorney for one tree 
consultatIOn If the student 
Wishes to retam the attornev 
panel attornevs Will lie 
requested to ' give due 
consideratIOn regard 109 f es If 
the student cannot afford to 
retain an attorneY the sen'lcc 
along With the ' Black Law 
AssociJtlon Will help him her 
obtam either a lawver from 
pmatc pracllce or a dedlcal<'d 
('ourt apPOinted attorncl 

Stop the Political Machine 

We realize that thiS concept 
IS qUill' revolutlonary 
revolUliOnaf\ In the sen,e that 
IS havc never been adopted In 
the country yet soclalecumy. 
SOC ial welfarc . SOCia l health 
care are realities We realize 
also tha t certamlv thiS summer 
the Republican Party Will 
bnng into San Diego forces 01 
demonstrators who more than 
Iikcl\ Will bc the "Icltms of 
police not. TradIIiOnall)' a 
black man , a poor man 
arrested IS In the ugh rcaltt)· 
of American Jurisprudence 
gUilty and from that a umed 
gUilt mSl1tul1onallzl'd 10 high 
ba lls. crowded courts . grand 
Jury systems , preventive 
detenl10n law . etc 

!n order to sareguard those 
rights which thiS nation holds 
so dear we must be about 
provldmg everyone With an 
equal opportunity for Justice 
For those who have been the 
Victims of this ' legal system' 
know that monev talks , that the 
bltnd godde s· symbolIZIng 
Justice in reality can see bul 
one color. green. and we the 
non-Amencan Americans have 
never and will ne\' r partake of 
the economic wealth we have 
helped develop 

~dltor 

On March I there will be an 
opportunity for the students of 
UCSD to end what has been as 
much of a polillcal machine as 
that of :'iew York. Chicago and 
all our other large cities I am 
referrlnJ( to the voluntarv AS 
membership proposal The 
\SUCSD thiS year has made a 
number or' Inexcusable 
blunders , and 10 some ca·es. 
deli bera t mistakes . 10 the 
!undmg of their dlver,e 
actlvlLles . :\ot to mention the 
Coast Cruiser. whIch has 
proven to be a great wa~' to 
spend ., excess mone, (does 
the AS have to pal' mcome tax 
or something, nece sltatmg tax 
losses 0 There IS a bo the 
cu rrent proposal to engage an 
en masse 'legal assIstance ' 
program a current 40 per cent 
budget expcndlture lor office 
and admmlstratlve co ts. etc 
ThiS I amazln!( that a student 
orgaOlzatlon could get awal' 
With something on thiS scale 

Also. there IS the dtlemma of 
the commuter student. such as 
myself The commuter quite 
often has no use for the "anous 
"discounts which the AS 
'a llows" the students , and 
even for the worthwhile 
actlvllies. often cannot see 
drlVlng anywhere from 20 to 60 
miles for them He gets 
absolutel\' no benefit from the 
AS eard but bv God , he s got to 
pay hiS $12 I and more next 
yea r ) for such thmgs as defunct 
AS presidents dri\'mg buses 
that 10 e money and legal work 
that Will benefit onl\' a few 
student , and then mill tho I' 

WED~ESD~Y 

that are looking for trouble ( In 
most cases l (Incidentaill', 
Vice-Chancellor Paul Saltman 
has said that he favor ' the use 
of the UCSD campus b, the 
commuter student because of 
the practicaht~ of such actIOn 
and because of the exorbaant 
dorm rates. I 

In clOSln!!, [might add that If 
the re!ereundum passes. th~re 
should still be some 'ort of 
l 'C D If) card IS ul'd If onlv to 
allo \\ those who prefer not to 
participate In the ,\S Rlp·Off to 
cash checks. etc on campus 

Thank vou for I'our atlenLlOn, 
and don"t worn about not 
pnnLlng thiS letter - [ reahze 
that the time IS 100m1OI1 when 
the TRITO\ TJ:\1ES must a. k 
the Comm Board for funds 
1 \\ hlC'h In aself IS a deplorable 
Ituallon In that It concern 

one of thc malO rags for Truth 
on thiS campus' J. 

mcerel\ . 
Tim Collmg 

LA JOLLA 
-. -
71Hxall 

PHARMACY 
School Supplies 

Cosmetics ~ 
955 Prospect 

CoHN'lIut 
invasion of the body snatchers 

& 
little shop of horrors 

FRIDAY 
S 1 USB 7777 7 & 10:30 pm 

little murders 
n l) 

pinter people 

SATl'RH.\ \ 
S I USB 7777 7 & 10:30 pm 

in cold blood 
,'u s 

masculJne fem inJne 
Til E ('Off EE III T 

HAS NEW HOURS: 
Sun II 10 
Man 10 - 10 
Tu",IO 10 
Wed. 10 - 10 30 

Tri ton Times February 28, 1972 Page 7 



~ '. ~--announcements 
Tuesday 

W )l t Disney ' s " Davey 
Cr ockett - King of the Wild 
Frontier" and liThe 3 Li l' 
PillS and the Big Bad Wolf" 
wi'l be shown ton ight at 7 
and 9 p.m. in USB 2722. Free 
popcorn ; br ing your own 
bag . 50 cents admission . 

The Chri sti an Sci ence 
Orga ni zation will hold its 
regular weekly meeting 
tonight at 7 p.m. in the 
Forma l Lounge, Revelle 
Campus. The subject for 
discussion is "I nspiration 
for Effective Study." All 
stud e nts and faculty 
mem bers are cordially 
invited to attend . 

Joan Benson - piaying on 
Authentic forte-piano 8:30 
p.m. Free 408 Me. 

\l'edne day 
Blood drive , Revelle 
campus, Lower Blake 
lounge 11 a.m . - 3 p.m. 
Giving blood saves lives ! 

Stockholm Univers ity 
Chorus and La Jolla /Civic 
University Chorus, UCSD 
Chamber Chorus, 8 :00 p.m. 
409 M .e. Electronic Tape 
Concert assemb l ed by 
Warren Burt, 8: 30 p.m. 408 
M.C. 

Prof . Robert Durling will 
read a nd d i sc uss 
translations from Petrarch 
today at 4 p.m . Revelle 
Forma l Lounge, coffee and 
cookies . 

~6LI jxa II EJ sasse l5uns 
uo d !p ~l - l pu no.:l 

'sJaded 
Ja4 ~n04j ! M ssal41 JOM 
51 500 LI91 -£~~ ~e uaJne1 
pejuo) 'ezeld allaAa~ 
OJ u,JnjaJ aSl?ald 05e 
s>taaM l Inoql? ISOl ).uu!'>tS 
PUI? III?I 'a5a!q /pa>tsl?w 
>tJl?lq ~ punoH ue6p/ lS01 

(£ £) 608£-SSL Ile)-
PJI?Ma~ 'anll?A Il?luawquas 
S.WOIS uaaJ6 £ 411M 

liUlJ JaAI!s I ' '>iaaM ISI?I IS01 

(6l d ' 16£1 x JO l619'~~L 
. A 0 no). 01 >tJl?q wa41 la6 
IleJ I os aw lie) ' 6u!uJOW 
I?psaupaM Isel Jew lao 

.uOJJ 1004JS o~ 6u!>t!4JI!4 
la4M ,JeJ ).W U! sAa>t Jno). 
jal nOA snqwlu no). 'A41e)! 

(6l l) iPo06 S,II 3)V3d 
.. i l 3WV) A3Hl. 6u !peaJ 
:3!U lie dn paAels Ae)! 

(01 £) sallu 8690-S£l sJn04 
po09 ,J4 ~lS 01 d n Jau dxa 
ON ( ~ ) slapow 0~04d apnN 

Attention Pre-Med students 
- There will be a medical 
f i lm . entitled " Clinical 
Application of Lasers." Two 
local doctors will be present 
for a discussion of f il m and 
answer questions. Rm. 1105 
Basic Science Bldg . 7:30 
p.m. 

The V i suo l Arts 
Depar tment is sponsor ing a 
pa in t ing seminar today at 
7:30 p.m., in Conference 
Room A of Matthews 
Cam pus. For add itional 
information contact thp. 
department at X 1995. 

TEACHING CREDEN TIAL 
INFO RM ATI ON SEM INAR 
- for students interested in 
elem entary or secondary 
teaching . Informal Lounge, 
Revelle Commons . For 
more info. contact Career 
Planning ext. 2401 Muir 
Campus . 

The French Club is having a 
get together at the 
International House 
(beh ind the bookstore) at 
7:30 tonight . Come and 
enjoy yourself and bring 25¢ 
to cover for the food and 
dr ink . French and English 
will be spoken . 

SOARING CLUB FLIES 
AGAIN !!! 

MEETING WED ., 
MARCH 1 8:00 pm 20 1330. 
ORGANIZATION FOR 
FLIGHT INST RUCT ION. 
EVE RYONE WELCOME . 

(6l l ) 
lOS66 

)( \1 a6eJ04)UV S9S1 X08 
V)tSV1V NI S80r 
00 '£$ 'Ial>tooq papeiao 

SISO) 6UIAIj '>tJOM Jawwns 
'aJow).uew I /Aoli ').JaUue) 
' liulljJl?al /uo lpnJISUO) 
/I!O ' sqol jnoqe III? UJI?a1 

iV)!SV1V 

(6l l ) £19l-£S~ 
' a>t lq paads 01 1461j palueM 

8l88 -6S~ ualaH . pnpoJd 
pua a41 S! UO!PI?Js!leS 

' sale~ Isapow 'alnpa4JS u.) 
a)!AJas 3"lln)3X3 W81 

~NldAl 3t\ll)NllSIO 

' (1)'SS8HSL 
H!PJI?) 'd04S jJns palas 

Plo o~ paAOW - pI? S!41 
41!M - L$ Sa!1008 ~I$ leli 
S 'uOlle6 £5 u!sa ~ pJI?). /SS·S 

ssel~ S6'l1 S SIS I /S'>iu elq 
>tJel) HO % Ol SI!nSlaM 

SO~pI0g~~nS .lS\fO)! 

IBUO Jad 

( ~ ) ' IO~lX 
lie) aAI?4 ).I?W no). walqOJd 
6u!IIJM ).ue 4PM dla4 
JO UeJP 46noJ Jno). )jJa4) 
01 alql?peAI? aJI? SJapea~ 
- )INI1) ~Nlll~M 

pa!J! sRIa 
Page 8 Triton Ti mes Februa ry 28, 1972 

Thursday 

Blood dr i ve , Scr i pps 
Institute of Oceanography, 
at Surfside 11 a.m .-3 p.m. 
Giving blood saves lives ! 

There wi ll be an informal 
discussion ton ight at 7:30 
p.m. in the Lower Blake 
Lounge with Professor 
Emer i tus, Dr . Herbert 
Marcuse. All interested 
persons are urged to attend 
to hear him speak on his 
new book a n d hi s 
philosophy . 

Meeting of the PreL aw Club 
4 p.m. Blake Hall Lounge, 
ground floor - for students 
interested in partici pating 
In a club to hel p students 
who intend to go to law 
school. Students who cannot 
be at the meeting should 
contact Dean Hall in the 
Revelle Provost's Office. 

4 p.m . Graduate Student 
Council meeting in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. All 
graduate students are 
welcome . 

INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE - So. Californ ia 
Agenc ies - U.S. Citizenship 
required . Degrees : any 
majors : for posit ions as 
Revenue Off icer and Tax 
Auditor . For more infor . 
contact Career Plann ing at 
ext. 2401 Muir Campus . 

996~-L8llll?) 'aA3 J4 SIS 
JaN dX3 ON 'wa:l 0104d 

,JOj siapow apnN . pa~ul?M 

(L £) 9Ll~-lLl ApuV III?) 
uossal OS l$ SClIAjS )j:Jo~ 
pue >tIO.:l ).JeJodwaIUO) 

suossal JI?I!n:) 
(~I ~) 

'Z Ja\jl? 8llS-SSL 'Alln:Jl? j JO 
HelS 'sluapnls JOj IUnOJS!O 

aJ!AJas xel aWOJUI 

( ~ ) 
LO?I 

-L8l lIeJ - SUO!ll?pass!p 
01 sJaded wJal-W81 uo 

~NldAl 31 V~n))V ~O.:l 

1816· 6St ( ~ V'3~3Hl NI ) 
V1l0r Vl 13H)S~3H 
atU lNnO)51 0 
1 30nlS 10~lNO) 

, NOllnllOd 
ONV S~IVd3~ 

S~V) N:)13~0:J 
ONV NV)I~::lW'V 

3 )1t\ ~ 35 3t\ll0WOlnV 
S3WVr A~U c.03~ll 

~ O >015 01nV ~nOA 51 

(6l l ) IL 86-16l /U O!I !PUO) 
poo:) OS8$ /Slll OAlo" ~9 , 

(6l l ) lO~S -£S~ 
uer lie) O~S /UO!ll puo:J pooli 
UI 'ewl?ze)t W) 061 /s!>ts 
SSelliJaq!~ : 31VS ~O.:l 

COMPUTER SCIENCE 
CAREER SEMINAR -
Several representative 
professionals will describe 
their work, entry positions 
for graduates and further 
opportunities in computer 
science fields . Around 8 
p.m. an aptitude test will be 
offered to students 
interested in determining 
their own apt itude for this 
f ield . Formal Lounge . 
Revelle Commons. 

Friday 
CONSCIENTIOUS 
OBJECTOR MEET I NGS -
Sem inar w ith Lance Beizer, 
UCSD Draft Counselor, for 
Consci enti ous Ob j ector 
appli cants and those with 
any other draft quest ions 
today at 3 p.m. in 11 02 T ioga 
Ha ll. Be sure to not ice 
change of room from Fall 
Quarter. 

Attent ion ali Earthmen and 
LGM's: There will be an 
organizational meeting of 
the UCS D Sci-F i and 
Fantasy Club today at 3 
p.m. in the lower lounge of 
B l a ke Ha ll . A nyon e 
inter ested (esp. facul ty -
we need someone to abduct 
as an ad visor) please 
"materi a l ize" there! 

ALL FILI PI NO STU D ENTS 
at UCSD - there will be a 
nat i onwide Filipino 
conference at S.D. State 
College March 3/ 4, and 5. 
Workshops will be directed 
towards strategies for 
change w i thin our 
communities and labor 
forces in the U.S. If you are 
interested in attend ing 

(6l Z) 9l6l-SSL 
SaJ!1 PUI? ).,Jaueq MaN ')1'0 

sun~ eIUJOj!le) UJa41 nOS 
UI ISa!llin a41 - 'OAlo" 0961 

(£ £) '0 S aAV 4~9 ~l~£ 
88 allJM '6ua jlqa~ - lIaM 
sun~ 'all?s ;01 6n8 M" 09/ 

(6l ll) 
' eAeual 9~ - V '£ 896 - £S~ 
'UO!1I 3 ' 61?,Jp ou ).laA!~!SOd 
IS sdoOl 'OS '£$ sa4seal pns 

(6l ll) 
' ~S~L -SSL III?J 'SL$ UO!I! PUO) 
pooli : all?s JOI a~nl:J 

(6lll ) ' lO~S -£S~ 
uer lie) O~$ /UO!~!PUOJ pooli 
UI 'ewl?zl?)t W) 061 /s!>ts 
SSelliJaq!~ : 31VS ~O.:l 

OSlS 69£6-£S~ 
JadweJ UI?A I!ew daar 09/ 
i aw04 Mau e spaau poq(4)1 

(lU£ I£) 
£IS8-l6£ ( SI~ ) au04d 
£01~6 'Hle) /O)S!:JUI?J.:l 
ues ' la,UjS la'>iJew S66 
·.1.NI S.lH ~1 l :i ~ 3 Ut\fH :> 

3.l1~M 
~O "'1 :> S UO"eAJasa~ 
'sa lopaLps ' uo!.ewJOjUI 
Jo.:t ·S I! I?lap JOJ '>ise 
- sdno,J6 a6,Jel JO IIl?wS JOI 
juawa6ue,JJI? Sj4 6!lIlepads 

:SJapl?al dnoJ6 uOI ~ u allV 

contact Marline Tuyay at 
272-0825 or leave a message 
in the Asian-American 
Student Alliance office 
Building 250/ east wing, 
room 334. 

Tickets for the Spr ing ski 
tr ip to Squaw Valley, March 
19 thru March 24/ by the 
UCSD Ski Club will go on 
sale Monday Feb. 28 thru 
Fr iday March 10 at Urey 
hall in the activities off ice . 
Cost is 577 for members and 
580 for non-members . Th is 
package deal includes : f ive 
days and nights ' lodging, 
f ive all -day l ift passes, two 
mea ls da il y (breakfast and 
dinner ), w ine party, wine 
slalom, beer on slopes, li ve 
band dance and ser ious 
competit ion races . Also 
ava il able w ill be complete 
ski renta ls for S15 that week 
and ha lf (1/2) day lessons for 
that week at /SI5 . We wi ll be 
stay ing at the Olympic 
Vill age dorms. Tra nsport 
action will be via carpools. 
Please inform us if you have 
a vehicle avail able . The trip 
fO Squaw is approx . 1200 
mi., round tr ip. 

Dead line for applications 
for f inanci al aid for 1972-73 
is March 15/ 1972. Because 
funds are limited advance 
planning is essent ial so that 
award com mitments can be 
made as ea rly as possible, 
late applicat ions will be 
consi dered, provi ding funds 
are avail able, for winter 
and spring quar ters only . If 
you have questions about 
your application for 
Financial Aid , please 
contact a counselor at the 
Financial Aids Office, 250 
Matthews Campus, UCSD. 

( ~ II ~ ) '0£lO6 ' I?) /).I!) 
JaAln) /V ' ~dao 'pUI?I,JaAO 
8~l~ 888£-£S ~ JO 90L9 
-1 8l 'NVW~ IVH) IH~ll~ 
11V) ~ dl~1 - 0NnO~ 

6~£$ WO~.:l : NVdVr 
~ dl~1-0NnO~ 6llS WO~~ 
: 3dO~n3 SlH~ll.:l 
13r lVnNNV H16 

, 

(LI £ ) 
'( SaAa) 9~l~ -SSL eU !l III?J 
/O jU ! aJOW ,J0.:l ' sassl?dl!e~ 
' e) !JjV /laeJSI 'su a4lV 
to! ~ o~ sal! I ~ 'OS I S ).I?M-aUO 
'Sll$ WOJI adoJn3 os11? OL~S 
o).>tOl 6lLS olieJ!4) '8SIS 
AN o~ Sal!l~ >teaJ8 6u!JdS 

(~) qua!JO PUI? laeJs I 
'ls e3 aIPP!W OSIV.) 0908 
-££8 (~ILl "99l6 ' I?) 'au!AJI 
'AVM Hl.V3~MSN33nO 
£Int " d ' 3 'S'3 3 WI.lANV 
)!)V8 3WO) '3W I.1.A NV 
O~ S£IS .w0~:l A VM 
3NO OZlS WO~.:l d l ~ l 
ONno~ Sl.H~ll:l O Nno~ 

~V3As~nOASI3do~n 3 
~ 

alql?I!I?AV 
PJe) '0 ' 1 II?UOHI?UJajUI 

VISV 
- V)I~~V - 13V~ SI 

Sj45 ! 1~ ueado,Jn3-Jajul 
uo a,Jl?.:l J!V MOl 

).eM 
auo 6llS WOJ j NOONOl 
d!JIPuno,J 69l$ - NOONOl 

S3~V.:l 31 dW\fS 
WOJ~ 

aS004) o~ SI46!1~ ).uew 
318 V11 '1 " V 

MON S31n03H)S 
llV.:l-~3WWnS-~N I ~d S 

SlH91l.:l ~ 31~VH) 
ZL6L 3 dO~n 3 


