
r Volume 17, Number 7 
,Young Scientists 
Needed at GULF 

Rick Drom 

"People are aski ng 'how soon are we going to have a fusion 
reactor?' I say it depends upon how badly people want 
them," said Dr. Ohkawa, head of the nuclear research 
program at Gulf General Atomic in Sorrento Valley . In an 
interview Dr. Ohkawa said the two biggest obstacles to fusion 
reactors are a lack of funding and a lack of young scientists 
interested in the program. 

In 1952 research began to harness the enormous amount of 
power which is released in a fusion reaction . The government 
set out to create a sort of "nuclear fire" to combine elements 
instead of breaking them up, as in present-day fission 
reactors. But in order to release this energy, hydrogen, a 
possible fuel, must be heated to around 100 million degrees 
centigrade, at a high pressure, for a good fraction of a second. 
This is done in an H-bomb by detonating an A-bomb as a sort 
of trigger. 

Plasma Impas e 
Progr ss toward this goal was good until 1956 when 

scientists around the world reached an impas e. They could 
not keep the plasma, the superheated ionized gas, contained 
long enough. It would slip away and cool before a controlled 
fusion reaction could take place. 

For almost a decade scientists all over th world wrestled 
with this problem. ome feared there was a natural, ph~'sical 
law which would prevent such a controlled r action from 
occu rring. 

But by 1966 this barrier had been completely shalt red , At 
Gulf laboratori es scientists built "Multi pole," which used 
huge magnetic fields to shield the plasma and keep It from 
cool ing off. Now Gulf's newest device, " Doublet II," can 
actua lly keep plasma at a sufficient temperature, long enough 
for a controlled fusion reaction to occur. 

In fact Dr. Ohkawa said they now possess the scientific 
expertise to theoretically build a huge fusion reactor. The 
-tumbli ng block is the enormous cost of such a device and the 
pOSSIbIli ty that there still may be "bugs" in it. 

A,t Gulf, as in other research centers, scientists are now hard 
at work trying to learn the behavior of plasma. To do this they 
are building small reactors like Doublet II to test the plasma 
much like wind tunnels test airplane design. Once they 
completely under tand the physical processes which affect 
plasma they will b able to scale up their ' reactors and build 
them for g n ral use. 

Staggering Potential 
Thf' possibililicJ of energy from a fusion reactor are 

staggering. Dr. Glenn T. Seaborg, head of the U.S. Atomic 
rnergy Commission, likes to compare the amount of energy 
rom fusion reactors to 200 Pacific O cea ns filled with high-

rirade fuel oil. But most importantly, fusion reactors would 
create neither air nor water pollution . 

Besides using reactors to produce electrical energy, 
count less other schemes involving fusion energy have been 
oroposed. Deutronium, one possi ble fusion fuel, exists in an 
llmost endless supply in the world's oceans. This fuel could 
le extracted and used to power a desalinization plant, or heat 
steam pipes for a whole city. Others envision the tremendous 
heat from a fusion reactor being harnessed into a "fusion 
torch." This torch cou ld melt down garbage into its basic 

~Iements for total recycling. 
Another experimental concept in fusion reactors is the 

; urrent research into the use of lasers to irradiate pellets of 
deutronium. This process would heat the particles so quickly 
they would react before they had a chance to cool off. Much 
of this research is still classified, though, because of the 
possibil ity such a laser cou ld be used as a weapon . 

But Dr. Ohkawa cautions that such schemes as these are 
comparable to deciding how to build the best type of 
barbecue, while still trying to figure out exactly how the 
cha rcoal burns. 

M ore PR Work Needed 
Now that it has been proven to be scientifically feasible, Dr. 

Ohkawa hopes that the present program cou ld be doubled 
every thr~e or four years. The question;' according to Dr. 
Ohkawa, IS whether enough young people can be interested 
to do !t. He sa id, " We probably have to do a little more PR 
wNk In the universi ties to attract young people into the 
program. 

, "Now we are in the stage where we can have enough 
Information to sca le up the experiments. Whether we can 
sca le it up now or not depends in part upon funding . And 
more importantly, if you look at the Russian program, they 
have a very large number of young p ople coming into the 
program. We have to get mor young p opl into th~ 
program. All the new ideas will com from young people; If 
you don't consciously recruit young people, your program is 
In trouble," concluded Dr. Ohkawa. 

Continued on page 3 

University of California, Sa n Diego 

15,000 Greet 
McGovern In S.D. 

David Buchbinder 

Approxi mately 15,000 
enthusiastic supporters 
greeted Democratic Presiden-
tial CandIdate, George 
McGovern, to an Diego, 
aturday, where the enator 

proclaimed hope for "four 
year of peace and justice for 
all people of our country." 

Throughout his speech, 
McGovern rapped the 
"failures" of the ixon ad-
ministration. "The President's 
economic record," McGovern 
said, "gives us our worst un-
employment in 10 years and 
the highest co t of living in 20 
years . " And ," the Senator 
pointed out, "Nixon has given 
this count ry its first inter-
national trade deficit si nce 
1888. This country can't afford 
four more years of Nixon 's 
economic policies." 

" We mlJst put an end to the 
waste of war . We must 
guarantee job opportunities to 
everyone able to work. This is 
domestic priorit y number 
one," McGovern aid . 

Directly prior to 
McGoveln 's speech, Virginia 
Nasmyth, sister of POW Capt. 
John H. Na myth spoke on 
behalf of McGovern, saying, 
" If George McGovern is 
elected, my brother will be 
free." 

Then, during McGovern 's 
speech, it was acknowledged 
that lt. Norri Charles, recent-
ly released POW, was present 
in the audience. peaking on 
McGovern's invitation , the 
wife of lt. Charles said, " let 's 
build a better Ameri a. I 
shudder to think of another 
four years without our 
husbands if Nixon is elected." 

McGovern then r iterated 
his claim to bring all Am rican 
troop home' from Vietnam 
within 90 dol of th inaugura-
tion. " I will top th bombing 
on inaugural day," M cGovern 

claimed 
Referrrng to hIS television 

speech of last Tuesday, 
McGovern remarked, "It is es-
timated that at least thirty 
million people watched that 
speech - the largest audience 
to view a paid political broad-
cast in our nation'~ history," 

McGovern then pointed out 
that his campaign has received 
more than 15,000 indl\ idual 
contributions since his speech . 

"It is clear", McGovern con-
tinued, "t hat millions of 
Americans continue to share 
my deep concern that this war 
drags on, that our bombs con-
tinue the incessant pounding 
of outheast Asia , that 
Americans and Vietnamese 
and Cambodians and Laotians 
continue to die in a sense Ie s 
adventur ." 

The South Dakota Senator 
then resolved to, "never again 
inve t our resources and men 
to prop up a military dic-
tatorship 10,000 miles away 
from our shore." 

In conclusion, McGovern 
stated, " The ideals of Human 
dignity, decency and morality 
are at the hea rt of the 
American people. It is time to 
resume these ideals and bring 
Am rica home." 

A number of outnern 
California Democratic 
dignitaries were al 0 on hand 
to speak for and witnes 
McGovern 's appearance in 
San Diego. Among them were 
UC 0 obel laureate Dr. 
Harold C. Urey, Profe or 
Emeritu e mour Harri , 
A mbly and ongre lonal 
candidates larry Kapiloff, Bob 
low and Frank Caprio, and 
Virginia Ta lor of Republican 
for McGovern, who wa giv n 
an ovation b th rowd in 
upport of her court battle 

against the Republican tate 
entral ommi tte . 

OCtober 17, 1972 

Propositions 9, 10,11 ... 

Modest ProPQsitions 
Greg Hicks 

., 
Propositions 9, 10, and 11 contain some of the most 

interesting and important Issues on the ov 7 ballot . 
Proposition 9 addresses the problem of unsafe ~chool 

buildings. As thrngs now stand a two-thIrds majority is 
required to permit issuance of bonds by the county, city, 
town, school district, etc. for new construction If Proposition 
9 receives voter approval a simple majori v will be required to 
authorize issuance of bonds for the purpose of repair and 
replacement of unsafe school bUildrngs 

The debate over PropOSition 9 centers around a few central 
issues. Proponents of the proposItIon argue that the safety of 
California school children is jeopardized by earthqua e-
threatened buildings Thf'y maintaIn that the requirement for 
bond issuance be lowered to SImple majority approval in 
order to obtain enough money to upgrade and replace these 
bUIldings. Under eXlSllng s ate law structurally unsafe school 
buildings must be abandoned or replil I'd by 1975 It IS 
pointed out that If thl~ deadline is not me schools will ha eto 
be abandoned and school children tran~ported to other 
classroom, which will result in double se~sions and O\!'r-
crowding. 

Only One Method 
California State Senator Clark Bradlev points out in oppmi-

tion to this that "PropoSitlO., 9 IS only one method to replace 
earthquak -prone schools - the method which WIll make it 
easier to increa~ your property tax:' He state in more 
sp Clfic terms tha' "Proposit ion 9, b\ easing the pa~sage of 
school bond issues, places ~uch sole burden on the propert\ 
tax srnce school bonds are 100 per cent repavable from the 
property tax." Bradl y draws attentIon to the fact that a 
propositIon which was approved In June of 1972 provides 
$250 million to be matched by local funds ThIS money , h 
says, should be used and, if it runs out, money -hould be 
derived from other sourcf'S 

Proponents of Proposition 9 state that he $250 millio., in 
matching funds will not be granted unless a matching $250 
million is raised locally. Thl ,the. say" be,t done bv allowing 
a simple majority to pa s bond i sues relatrng 0 unsate ~chool 
buildings. 

Proposlllon 10 deals with propf'rty tax exemption tor 
servIce-connected blind veterans The present maxImum 
$5,000 exemption .... ould be changed to a maxImum $10,000 
exemptIon . This would bring the amount into line WIth the 
emption granted paraplegic veteran~ 

Invasion of Privacy 
Proposition 11 cent rs around the matter of n~ht to 

privacy, The text of the tat Con tltutlon lIsts certaIn in-
alienable nghts; If Proposition 11 IS passed the right of privac 
WIll be added to thl Irst of Inalienable right~. 

Proponents of PropOSition 11 call attention to the 
widespread collectIon of data and the compilallon of do sler 
by government agencies. They pornt ou that at the pre-ent 
time there is no real restraint on uch practIces It i pOinted 
out that one thing whIch I fundamental to our privan and 
freedom in our social relatIonshIps IS the power to control 
circulation of personal information, ThIS, they sa\" I rendered 
impossible by government data compilation. It i saId al,o that 
accuracy of government files i not insured since mo t of the 
time Individuals are not allowed to review their file. Mention 
i made of the fact that information i often collected 
secretly (from applications for credit cards, job interview, 
etc.) Thus the individual does not "now what hI own files 

continued on page 2 

Dorm Utility Shut Dow 
There will be a major utilit shut-down thl y,eekend at 

Revelle and Muir Colleges 
The high-temperature y tem will be turned off trom Fnda. 

at 4 p.m. until unday at 12 noon The whole univer It\ 
e cept Matthew Campus will be WIthout pace heat, hot 
water, or team 

From 6 a.m, untill p.m. on aturdav, the chilled water will 
al 0 b turned off everywhere except on Matthew~ Campus. 

In addItion Revelle College will be without elf.'wlcal power 
on aturda from 8 a.m. until 12 noon 

larry Barrf.'tt , Director of Hou Ins and Food ervice , 
e plainI'd that unfortunately work on the utilitie mu t be 
done a part of a ma ter repair plan The wor cant wall untIl 
Thank gIVing. 

Be au I' there WIll b no electn al power at Revelle 
aturda morning, no brunch will be ef\,ed there. tudents 

will have to go to the MUIr 'afetena for brunch Because of 
th lack of t am, the afeter as will be u'lng pap r ervlC all 
wl'ekend 

To avoid the e InCOnVenrellce, ludent are rnvlted to go 
home for the wl'ekend E\('f,thing will hf.' bac to normal b. 
12 noon on unda (""I, ...... 



Pearce Addresses 
UCSD Women 

The role of women in th~ UCSD graduate departments was 
the subject of an open discussion held last Thursday noon in 
the International Center. 

Dr. Roy Pearce, Dean of Graduate Studies, participated in 
the discussion, which concluded with a general suggestion 
that a council of women graduate students be formed to deal 
with the special problems facing them. 

If the proposal is successful, a committee made up of one 
female graduate student representing each department 
would be established. Its function would be to work with Dr. 
Pearce's office regarding such things as questiom of graduate 
support and reports of various forms of discrimination . Any 
problems or complaints would be addressed directly to the 
council, which would work with the dean's office to resolve 
them. A letter is presently being drafted and will be sent to all 
of the graduate departments further explaining the proposal 
and asking for nominations of committee members. 

Dr. Pearce began by reading a report on women in the UC 
graduate sector made last spring . The report showed that the ' 
number of women in the UC humanities and social sciences 
are in balance With national figures, while the number in the 
UC sciences was low. Dr . Pearce explained and said that the 
univerSity IS now attempting to set up a system of hard data on 
the matter. By April or May the Affirmative Action Office 
hopes to have reliable statistics on the number of graduate 
women applicants and rejections. Pending proper approval, 
these statistics would be obtained by inserting a reply card 
asking the sex and ethnic background of the applicant, in 

p~rh Ilraduate aoolication. 

Youth Fare Abolished? 

Barnouw Case: 
Sexism Or Nepotism? 

'Jody Savage 

Drs. Jeffrey and Dagmar Barnouw 
came to UCSD in the fall of 1969. Both 
had recently earned their doctorates, 
and both had been offered positions 
at the school; Jeffrey to begin im-
mediately as an assistant professor of 
comparative literature, and Dagmar as 
a part-time lecturer, with the un-
dersta:1ding that the first opening in 
the German section would be hers. 

The first difficulties arose in the fall 
of 1970, when a secret committee 
questioned the possibility of Dagmar 
Barnouw as a candidate for a new 
position, on the basis of nepotism. 
Normally the University may not hire 
two related persons into the same 
department; however the German 
section had assured the Barnouws 
before they came to California that 
for purposes of hiring they would be 
considered in different departments. 
Eventually this assurance would be 
backed up by policy action of the 

University, but by the time in question 
an array of secret and public meetings 

'"ad reached contradictory con-
clusions on Dagmar's candidacy, and 
had probed into her background and 
qualifications far more than is normal 
for an assistant professorship. She was 
at one point - apparently as a com-
promise - offered a one-year lec-
tureship. 

This period of confusion on the part 
of the Department of literature lasted 
for two years, during which time 
Dagmar Barnouw was instructed not 
to seek other positions, as it would 
put undue pressure on the depart-
ment. The department, on the other 
hand, felt free to decide upon 
another candidate. This gentleman 
later turned down the offer. 

After exhausting all methods of 
appeal within the University, Dagmar 
Barnouw filed a complaint of sex 
discrimination with the Fair Employ-
ment Practices Commission, an im-

partial state agency, on June 1, 1972. 
Because of the length of time in. 
volved in the complaint, and the 
number of people concerned at Some 
point with Dagmar's ca ndidacy, the 
investigation has been time. 
consuming. It is expected to conclude 
in about three weeks. 

An obstacle to the investigation has 
been lack of access to the files of a 
number of secret meetings which 
concerned Dagmar Barnouw. UCSD 
claims that these are privileg ed 
documents, like a doctor's files on a 
patient. 

Drs. Jeffrey and Dagmar Barnouw 
are leaving this week for Europe. With 
the conclusion of the FEPC investiRa. 
tion , Dagmar Barnouw will ha ve 
several options, including state and 
federal courts, the Equal Employment 
Opportunities Commission (a federal 
agency) , and a civil suit. The issue may 
also be approached from other view· 
points than sex discrimination. 

Deadlines ... • • Propositions 
Nov. 1 - International Research and Exchange Board -

doctoral dissertation research in Russia. 
continued from page 1 

Nov. 1 - National Science Foundation - student-initiated 
grants in environmental sciences. contain. It is possible, it is said for the government to 

Nov.1 - Sigma Xi - grants for scientific research . centralize and computerize this information. 
Nov. 1 - Wildlife Management Institute - grants for study James Whetmore, a state senator from the 35th District, 

in wildlife management. states there are restraints on information activities. He says 
Nov. 6 - Foreign Area Fellowship Program - doctoral that "in addition to literally hundreds of laws restricting what 

dissertation research in East, South, and Southeast Asia. use can be made of information, every law student knows that 
Nov. 13 - Foreign Area Fellowship Program - doctoral 

dissertation research in Africa and the Middle East. the courts have long protected privacy as one of the rights 01 
Nov. 15 - Danforth Foundation - Kent Graduate our citizens." He says Proposition 11 would not mean we 

Fellowships. would not have to give out information required when we 
ov . 15 - Fannie and John Hertz Foundation - apply for credit cards, insurance policies, drivers licenses, and 

fellowships in applied physical sciences. the like. He states passage of the measure would "make iar 
Nov. 15 - International Research & Exchange Board -

doctoral dissertation research in Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, more difficult what is already difficult enough under present 
Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Yugoslavia. law, investigating and finding out whether persons receiving 

. Nov. 20 - Carnegie Endowment for International Peace -
Washington, D. C. - While nine million college students grants for research on role of international relations. aid from various government programs are truly needy or 

are returning to campus, the Civil Aeronautics Board is Nov. 20 - Foreign Area Fellowship Program _ doctoral merely using welfare to augment their income." 
wondering when to break the news of their deCision. dissertation research in Western Europe. 

In January 1968 CAB examl'ner Arthur S Pet I d th t He says government will still be able to collect information it 
, , . r sen ru e a Nov. 27 - National Science Foundation - fellowships for 

discount fares limited to persons 12 to 21 years old are study in the sciences. legitimately needs, but will not be able to collect unnecessary 
"unjustly discriminatory" because age alone isn't a valid Nov. 30 - Foreign Area Fellowship Program - doctoral State Assemblyman Kenneth Cory says in reply to this that 
distinction between passengers. Shortly thereafter, Present dissertation research in latin America or Caribbean area. "the right to privacy will not destroy welfare or undermine 
received mail from college students by the sackload. Their For details, please refer to the listings of 1973-74 Fellowships, 
expression of opinion was so overwhelming that the 'CAB Grants, and loans for graduate students available in depart- any important government program. It is limited to 
ruled that airline youth fare discounts don't unjustly dis- ment and provost offices. 'compelling public necessity' and the public's need to know." 
criminate against adults. The board put off any decision on a leiln Fort, Fellowship Adwiser . infor~ation or to use this information for unauthorized 
petition toabol~h thed~counts until a~udyofwhetherthe 1~~~~~~~~~~~IC~e~o~ftG~ril~d~U~i1~te~S~tu~d~~~S~a~. n~d~R~~~~~p~u~r~p~o~se~s~' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~f fares were reasonable in relation to carrier costs was com-
pleted. ',................._. 

After four years of study, the CAB planned to make an COMMUNITY W'MIE .... 'S C~'N\C. • 
announcement of their decision in August, an official stated. BLOOD BANK 
Sources at several airlines agree the announcement will 327 f . Street 
probably be delayed until after the November election;. They 
concur that chances for the fare to continue look bleak . 

Orig inally youth fares were challenged by National 
Trailways Bus System, a trade association of bus companies, 
and by TCO Industries, Inc., formerly Transcontinental Bus 

AYSDONORS 
lor service 

System, Inc. Tue. - Fri . 
U.S. airlines were split on the issue during the examiner's 9:45-5:30 

ilwestigatdion
h
; 14 ofdthe carriers doffering youth discounts Sat. 9:30 _ 5:30 

*'B·' t't"'c..ontf'o\ ~~ .. i~s - V~ \:e>h""9 
a....! t-r~-t'l'f\c.n-\:. - Rou"""e... 

9Y"~c.o\O~·.C4\ \:YU""me..,,~ 
..... 1=>t'U\~N07 .lce.~~ - A\oO ... t·' '''''CDU~\'\~ 

a~ "'1!:~""a\ (N) ~'S'Slc..~dU\\:.ia\) 
li8S"88\\ .. :;=~~r.~ 

&k:1o\ />.JI.EJo. ~~"E C",,"IC. ~705 M\~~\o" ~"'d 
supporte t em an 10 oppose them or didn't take a Closed Sun. & Mon. 
position. 233 We. c.)( i~t ~N't'o,,~ . 

Over $300 million is spent by young people on youth fare In~i~;;-;8;3~2;8i~~;:~ ~;;;~~=;;;~;;a;;;;;;==;;;;;;;;~i;;!=;;;~. tickets annually. Each year over one million youth fare cards Ti 
are bought by young people who believe that they are 
entitled to its benefits until age 22. If the fare is abolished, 
privileges of the card would be revoked. 

It is interesting to note the delayed announcement of the 
CAB decision comes in the first election year allowing youth 
to vote at age 18. Such news might play an important part in 
the elections if young people sent inquiries to the presiden-
tial candidates. 

Graduate 
Fellowship 
Deadlines 

O( t 20 - California Congress of Parents and Teachers, Inc. 
- Ie "ns to California reSidents . 

0.1. 23 - Marshall Srholarships (Britain) - study in United 
Kinl;:Jom. 

O. t 31 - Armenian Youth Federation - grants to 
merr ber~ ,)f the Federallon 

O. I. 31 - Rhodes Scholarships - study at Oxford (un-
married male) 

continued next column 

Atth. Globe .... No,,": Playing 

GHIlD'S PLAY 

Violence end lerror lurk in the 
h.llwey. af St . Cherles' BoY' 
School. Gripping dr.me int.r. 
.persed with wry humor. 

No t recommended (0' ch;ldren. 

Page 2 Triton Times, Tuesday, 0 tober 17, 1972 

FREE 
DRA'WING 

24 VOL. 
Encyclopedia Britannical 

Students, Faculty, Staff 
of UCSD are eligible 

REGISTER 
AT 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

Drawing Extended Thru. Oct. 22, 1972 
No Purchase Necessary 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our " Automa· 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer discounts and 
mari(et values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and sal/es you money. 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

Del Mar Seven Gulf Fusion Reactor 
Michael Sesma 

Thursday afternoon in the court of Judge 
Franklin Orfield, Scott Goodrich pleaded 
guil ty to charges of obs!ructing a ~ailro~d and 
possession of combustrble matenal With the 
mtent to commit arson. Scott along with six 
othe rs had been indicted August 2nd by the 
San Diego County Grand Jury for their 
alleged activities at an anti-war demonstra-
tion held in Del Mar on May 12, 1972. Two of 
the men, Gerald lopez and Dave Katzenstein 
(UCSD students) had also pleaded guilty to 
charges of obstruction a week earlier. The 
four remaining men facing charges are Bill 
Haiber, Peter Mahone, Tom Kozden and 
former Cal State Econ professor, Peter 
Bohmer. Sentending for Goodrich will take 
place November 2 at 10 a.m. in the court of 
Franklin Orfield . 

Pretrial Conferences 
The trial of the five had resumed Thursday 

morning after a number of pretrial con-
ferences had been held following the deci-
sion of Judge George lazar that the defense 
had failed to establish that Superior Court 
Judge Charles Froelich showed any bias or 
prejudice that would prevent a fair trial. The 
defendants had challenged Froelich for cause 
contending he had shown bias during earlier 
pre-tria l proceedings. 

Motions Denied 
In other activities during the trial Froelich 

denied two motions by the defense, one to 
continue the trial date and the other to 
dismiss the charge against Peter Mahone. 
Roger Crobarger, Mahone's attorney, con-
tended that his client had not waived his 
rights to speedy trial within 60 days of filing of 
the information against him. The indictment 
was returned August 3 and " We are well 
beyo nd the 60 days at this poin!." 

Froelich denied the motion on the ground 
that in taking part in various pre- tri al motions 
that had delayed the trial Mahone had, in 
effect, waived his rights . 

Telephone Interview 
In a telephone interview with Tom Kozden 

Sunday, he said that the defense is coming 
10gether very strong. "It would appear that 
the delays are forcing the D.A . to take 
another look at the case," said Kozden . He 
also said that deals are being made where 
they wouldn't have been made if the trial had 
started on time. "Maybe the prosecuting 
atto rney doesn't want to fight with some of 
the best lawyers in town and that 's why things 
dre happening." Richard Neely is the 
Prosecuting attorney and was not reached for 
comment. The remaining men and their 

-
• 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH. 
WULSOHAVE 
THEGRUTESl 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRT AUS INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454.7169 

attorneys are: Haiber; Ted Burner, KOlden ; 
Charlie Khoury, Mahone; Roger Crobarger, 
and Bohmer; Stephen Imhoff. 

Mercy of Court 
In another interview unday with 

Goodrich, it was found that no delay~ hod yN 
been made in his case. As to the other two 
who pleaded guilty (lopez and Katzenstein) 
he was unsure. "Right now I'm at the mercy 

of the court," he commented. "Orfield 
seems like a pretty fair judge and not as hard 
line as the ones we could have got. I don't 
think I will spend much time if any, in jail." 
added Goodrich. 

Influenced Plea 
When asked what influenced him the most 

in changing his plea Goodrich replied , 
" Roger (Ruffin , his attorney) my parents and 
my being a premed major had most to do 
with the decision." 

" Right now I have a clean record and there 
is a chance that in the future the charges will 
be lowered to misdemeanors." Goodrich is a 
student at UCSD and he stated that he has 

Dr. Tohiro Ohkawa, head of the FUSion 
research program at Gulf General Atomic, in 
front of their newest reactor Doublet-II. 

had trouble getting into his work because ot 
all that has been happening. "I just haven't 
been able to get my head into school and 
now I feel bad in a way about "cooping" a 
guilty plea ." 

Bohmer Involvement 
I later asked him what he thought the trial 

would end up to be like and what influence 
the involvement of Peter Bohmer might have. 
Not committing himself, he said, "I think they 
want to see Peter go to trial. I don 't forsee his 
getting out of that." 

Bohmer was not rharged with direct par-
ticipation in the obstruction but because of 
his verbal activities and alleged instigation 
and conspiracy in the event. Bohmer has 
experienced many occupational problems in 

the past year in San Diego for his political 
leanings and many people close to the case 
feel that right wing officials in town "have it 
out" for him and that their chance to "get" 
him is coming in this trial. 

tt BLANKET MATERI~L AND COOLING TUBES 

HElIUM TO 
TURBINE 

The trial will begin again Monday at 10 a.m . 
and will continue weekly through Thursday 
with the hours of 10-12 and 2-4. Jury Selection 
has yet to take place . The COMMITIEE FOR 
THE DEFENSE OF THE DEL MAR SEVE (now 
four) has stated that it will maintain a 
cou rthCJuse vigil when the trial begins again 
Monday ¥ they had throughout the early 
proceedings. 

. FUSION REACTOR CONCEPT 
Diagram of a fusion reactor, showing the 
reactor fuel core & the magnetic field ap-
paratus to contain the plasma. 

iiiiillIBIii~~iiiiiiln 
Every ody ... 

knows Bill Smith 
but not everybody 

know that he' 
left German Car 

Service and opened 
hi own hop 

in Solana Beach 

Bill services only 
Volkswagens 

& 
Porsches 

If you haven't m t Bill yet, go un over 
to his hop. It /s next to the 

Bank of America 

7:30 a.m.-5:30 p,m. 
343 S. Hwy. 101, Solana Beach 

755-3323 
............ . ......................................... .. 

PUNK ROCK 
continued from page 6 

other lon~ of the ,a me tit le, dnd " It \ 
A-Happening " b\ the \ldgl ' 
Mu hroom<, III ""hl(h undiluted pun"-
gr('3"e 1\ combined with 11,'onM' 
interludes ,1 la eJrl~ an FranCl,eo, like 
' the mu hroom hangs abo\(' the 
sky," deli ered" Ith hea.y Intonation 
and full echo. 

I conRratulate Lenny "a,(> for thi .. 
package and Elektra for havin~ the 
moxie to put it out d spite duhlou< 
,0mmerClal value and the ab en,e of 
any of their artists, and clme WI1h the 
hope that other ""III continue the 
work bv puwnR together album .. 01 
othPr60, (urlosltie , ot \~hl(h 1ht'rc 
were manv. For ,tarter' . I'd like to 'ee 
albuml of lUI f music and 101" rod a' 
\\1'11 ,,., ,1 'l'rI£'\ oP\oted in morl' detJil 
to thl' local ,('en", bdfl'l~ tapped 
here Punk ro(k 10,1\ ha\(' b,'pn 
I'rhl'm('r,ll )ut It Wd' Imp,Htant 
pnou!lh to de'l'fH' ,111(",1" that lOUt h, 
,md I don't thln"- ,1O\onc would dl'n. 
1h,11 thi< " one 0 1 thl' mo,t lun alhum, 
of th e • . 

Triton Tim Pag 3 Tu da, Octoh(:>r 17, 1972 



Kairos 
Human exuality 
l~v . Katz & Kay Caldwell 

GUIded fantasy will be uud 10 exploTe our undeTstandmg' 
and atilludu toward ollr $lxllairly. 

Matthews Campus. Bldg. 111 
October 20 8 P.M . 

3 General 2 tudents 

THIS SEMESTER YOUR READING 
ASSIGNMENTS WILL PROBABLY 
REQUIRE 500 HOURS OF YOUR TIME 

YOU COU LD CUT IT TO 150-100 
HOURS. OR EVEN LESS 

Many UCSD Students have done so already 
and you can too! 

Most tudent read 5-10 times faster than 
before. At lea t triple your reading rate or your 
tuition will be refunded. 

Enroll in ADVANCED READING TECHNIQUES 
TODAY for October classes - space limited. 

APPLIED LEARNING CENTER 
2409 4th Ave. S.D. 233-7775 

11Ib~wa'f- $1.9 
20 feet of 'W I~k - 29 , 

Q'I2r" 'tOO d..i If er-en-l: YVl 0 1d.5 
to choose from 

40 scents ® 79 ? ea. 

t~f Cand~e St.tpP~j 
1090 Morena B\vd. 

Phone. 2.16-6890 
across F rom (j'.fl~fXJ<J'i1 
t. ... \<e 5"00- 'Wo~IJ Dr. E ... s t I "of' 

~er,,\~1:e c:t' -to Moreno.. BI'Vcl . 
'" 10-1. lues -So..c. d,, ~l,d Sun - Mo"," ') 

Every-
thing • 

r pc:trophonit/Gdfrard ~Ier­
(.) music (!'nler gives you 
hJtll-ln-8 TRACK sterpo lapC' 
player. full sit£' n£'luxe Gar-
rMd r!'cord plaYf'r 
AM/FM/FM Multlpl!'x radiO 

For 
$159.95 

Bob's T.V. 
7557 Girard Ave. 

La Jolla 454-0185 

The Doctor's Bag 
by Arnold Werner, M.D. 

QUESTION : Fnclosed is an 
ad from a magazine that 
suggests that a woman can 
increase her bustline three to 
five inches. It is based on an 
exerciser. Please comment. 
Does it work? 

ANSWER: The ad is for the 
Mark Eden Developer and 
Bustline Contouring Course. It 
shows the usual before and 
after pictures - women in-
creasing their bust from 34 or 
35 inches to 39 or 40 inches in 
just eight weeks. Indeed, the 
pictures look impressive. But 
closer examination revealed 
that all the women in the 
" before" pictures had very 
poor posture and since they 
were fu IIy clothed it was im-
possible to tell what kind of 
su pporting bra they were 
wearing. The "after" pictures, 
in addition to demonstrating 
better posture, also have the 
women wearing bikini bathing 
suits with a top that looks like 
it gives considerable uplift. 

Seizing upon the opportuni-
ty to do a qUick experiment, I 
whipped out my tape measure 
and rounded up a few 
volunteers. I had them 
simulate the poor posture il-
lustrated in the magazine ad 
and measured them. I then 
had them stand properly and 
remeasured them. All subjects 
Increased their bustline by at 
least two inches, including 
myself and another man who 
volunteered for the experi-
ment. The women in the ad 
were very well endowed to 
begin with and I am sure that 
an uplift bra would account 
for another inch or two. There 
is little doubt that exercise 
reSUlting in better posture and 
increased strength of certain 
muscles in the chest can max-
imize a bustline, but It can not 
make the breast itself any 
larger. I·think that you would 
be perfectly safe to follow the 
recommendations in the ad, 
but I doubt that you have to 
spend $9.95 for an exerciser to 
find out what to do. Check 
with the people in the physical 
education department 01 your 
school. 

QUESTION : After my 
boyfriend and I have sexual 
Intercourse, he alway5 feels 
like all his insides have moved 
up towards hiS che~t and his 
stomach is empty. He has a 
great deal of pain and says Ihat 
everything just tightens up. Is 
this normal and what can be 
done to prevent it? 

ANSWER : Some people 
have a very strong reaction to 
orgasm which includes intense 
abdominal sensations. Most 
l i kel y this is what your 
boyfriend has and t he best 
advice would be for him to lie 
still following orgasm; in par-
ticular he shouldn't stand on 
his head . If the problem is very 
severe, medication to 
decrea se gastrointestinal 
spasms might help. By the way, 
is it better or worse on an 
empty stomach? 

QUESTION : Can you tell me 
how long Benzedrine remains 
in one's system? I read 
somewhere that it stays in the 
body for up to three weeks. Is 
there any difference whether 
it is Benzedrine or Dexedrine 
as to Ihe ex tent of time 
remain i ng in the blood 
stream? 

ANSWER : Benzedrine and 
Dex drine are trad names for 
two types of amphetamine 
drugs. They differ from each 
other In terms of ch mical 
onfiguration and Dexedrine 

usually has more central ner-
vous syst m activity and is 
used mor commonl. 

Methamphetamine, the 
original possessor of the 
nickname "speed," is another 
member of the family of even 
greater central nervous system L-Ie- t-te- r- w-a-s-w-ri-tt-e-n- by- a-m-a-n-)."'" 
effects. ANSWER: Changes in gas-

Amphetamines are immedi- trointestinal activity during 
ately absorbed from the blood sexual excitement are normal. 
stream into body tissues and I'm unable to tell from your 
can be found by testing the letter whether you are com-
urine, not the blood. Excretion plaining or whether you are 
of these drugs is dependent boasting. If the letter is in the 
upon the state of kidney func- nature of a complaint, you 
tion and acidity of the urine. might try having something to 
The more acid the urine the eat before you have sexual 
more rapidly they are ex- intercourse. 
creted. However, they remain 
on board for quite a long time. QUESTION : Sometime ago I 
Trace amounts can certainly write to you about a com-
be found at least a week after pulsive cheek biting problem. 
the drug is stopped. From a You suggested that I was 
practical point of view, this probably anxious about 
means that a psychosis in- something . A divorce solved 
duced by amphetamine is apt 90 per cent of my problems 
to persist for at least three to and the counseling the other 
seven days following the last ten per cent. Anyway, I 
dose of drugs. haven't bit my cheek in two 

These drugs are widely years now. 
prescribed for weight reduc- I have another minor 
tion and abused because of problem or question. I worry 
their transient mood elevating about alcoholism because my 
qualities and their ability to father has this problem . 
alleviate fatigue. In none of Currently, I am going with a 
these situations are the guy (we get along fine) who 
benefits more than very tem- drinks about six beers a day 
porary and often they are il- and on the weekends gets 
lusory. In fact, a recent tudy what he calls drunk on beer, 
showed rather clearly that about 12 beers per day on 
amphetamine usage for more Friday and Saturday . He is 
than a week resulted in never obnoxious in any way; 
depression for many people. in fact, his disposition often 
The drugs have a high improves with beer. My ques-
habitatuation potential. They tion is simply, is this a 
are useful in two rathpr rare dangerous pattern? He never 
medical conditions, narcolep- touches hard liquor because 
sy (uncontrollable sleeping both his parenls have drinking 
spells) and the treatment of problems. 
the hyperkinetic child . ANSWER : There is no 

question that your friend has a 
QUESTION : I was told by a very serious drinking problem. 

doctor that hickeys on the The amount of alcohol h con-
breast can lead to breast sumes is \uch that he most 
cancer. Do you know if there likely would have some 
is any truth in that or is he just withdrawal symptoms if he 
trying to spoil part of my fun . had to stop suddenly. One 

ANSWER : Hickeys, for the clue to the extent of the 
uninformed , are bruises problem is your comment that 
produced by the application his disposition gets better as 
of strong suction to a small he drinks more. The natural 
area of skin resulting in blood question is : What happens to 
leak ing out of su perficial his disposition and how does 
capillaries. Som!' people use he fe!'1 if he drinks less than 
the term to refer to similar what he does? 

~Tt~! . b~u~~es t~~~ r~:u~t,~~~ p a~~:~~~ ad/,~nk i ~~e ~~~rtii~: 
always confined to bruises phenomenon . Unlike drinking 
produced in the course of hard liquor where small 
lovemaking or other affec- amounts are potent, it takes a 
tionate play. Occasionally, a prodigious effort to handle the 
sma ll child might be \een with volume of fluid involved in 
a hickey-like lesion reSUlting continually drinking beer. The 
from placing a suction cup d k dart on his forehead . The idea rin a quart, urinate a quart 

cycle gets tedious, leading a 
of hickeys causing breast heavy beer drinking acquain-
cancer sounds preposterous tance of mine to observe that 
and I imagine that the physi- one doesn 't really buy beer, 
cian you saw was either jealous one rents it. 
or kidding you and you didn 't People with drinking 
realize it. problems often come from 

Biting and nibbling, in addi- families where one or both 
tion to other forms of oral parents also have a drinking 
stimulation during sex play, problem. Such a situation is 
are found in quite a few mam- another example of maladap-
mals other than humans. A tive patterns of dealing with 
possible biologic explanation stress being adopted by 
for the pleasurable sensations children . The situation i 
of oral activity in a sexual con- enhanc d by cultural or sub-
text is suggested by the fact cu ltural attitudes toward 
thai parts of the brain respon - alcohol that emphasize anti-
ding to oral and genital sen - social aspects of its use or 
sa tions are located next to forbidden uses. The problem 

t~~~~tta~~:;~e:~i'~~~~~~it~~ is complex in that the for-bidden aspects of alcohol use 
tion of the genital areas. can be so emphasized that 

QUESTION : Prior to sexual rigidly non-drinking families 
Intercourse, primarily during can provide the setting for a 
foreplay, my stomach growls rebellious memb r to us 

unu ~ually loud and quite fre- al ohol as a destructive device. 
quently, about once every ten A startling number of women 
5 conds. This has occurred with alcoholi fathers tend to 
with all my sexua l partners and get involved with men who 
a few have commented about al~o have drinking problems. 
it. During intercourse it eas s Unless your friend can see his 
10 growl, but afterwards, drinking as being a problem 
usually around the time I have that he needs some help in 
intercourse again, th so lving,andunl ss hecanalter 
growling r <umes. Is this nor- his pattern of drinking, he is 
mal? What ca uses it? (ThiS head d for bi trouble. 

Pag 4 Triton Times Tuesday, October 17, 1972 

The new Nixon is makingi to the young, new 
voters. The six Nixon proudly proclaim 
" Keep on truckin' . . . show the standard 
stoney cartoon wonder just what 
Nixon h as done and pn~pclsf'li"nin~ marijuana. 

In M arch, 1970, nded program of 
d rug eradication. as its first target. 

Nixon on Pot 
Fred Driscoll 

UCSD Students for McGovern 
avoiding the issue by pointing out "Drug laws do not make 
drugs i llegal. Drug laws make certain mental states illegaL" 
But then, apparently not realizing what he was saying, he 
made a very valid point, which is worth understanding. I shall 
quote his remarks extensively. 

" What social goals are achieved by making victimless 
conduct illegal? . . It is asserted that such laws are an 
insurance policy for the social fabric . .. " 

"But, as the prohibition of alcohol should have taught 
us . . . victimless crime laws don't work . 

"The fact of the inefficiency of the victimless crime laws 
brings squarely into question the motivations of those law-
makers who insist on their maintenance." (Indeed.) 

I 
.1 
i 
i 

~..-..c,_ u_ tJ _ O_ O_ O_ O - ~~(~I 
CATEGORY WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT' OffERS 

Doto Proceui •. tJ Se rvice IBM 360/Ooto G.oerol Compv'.", Instant UH'o'I(.., computer tune and 
poper tope reader; rime-!ho, ing. programming personnel by tht h()Uf I I 

Compute, Service addressing and moiling. profeuior'lol day, ~eek, or mol"th. 
billing; statistical analysis. 

Statist ical Ser .... ice Weelt .nd\ , holida),s, I!! .... eninc; bt 
Packaged programs from elementoft oppolr'ltlTlent • 
statistics te principal component 

By 

Dr. Rutledge Joy, Ph.D. Doctoral disserrotion, Wtaster's tt-lesis, 

foetor analysis with .... orimaJII (otaho" Local pick up anti delive' /' b, P'IQ , I 
Of Itletype. 

Amity Instant Ooto Pro~.ssinQ or research report. Economical, OC.CUr<ltc, fos· ~" ic e 
Computer Service on smoll or medium sized statlstlc-'JI 

.... 2 .. Woodman Avenue or computing jobs. 
Sherman Oaks I C 1'f . 91 403 ·Enloy Ihe .totu. of IO lf- EMERGENCY TELEPHONE 

o , o,nlo acluali,a'ion by p'ampl dala DATA INPUT SYSTEM. I 
Telephon.: 1213i 98t-1529 analy.i. and p,epa,alian fo, publico - rELEPHONE DATA REPORT~. 
Tol. ' ype Telephone Numb." .ion ar use. COST ESTIMATES; COST 

981-1529 CONTRACTS. He also established a i to study the 
marijuana situation in this rn recommen-
dations. He hand-picked and allowed 
Congress to choose four. 
was doing its work, he 
accept a recommendat 

"Once branded a criminal , a man is systematically excluded 
from access to the decision making process." 

"This bar to future involvemt:nt in decision-making is the 
fundamental priority of all victimless crime laws . It is a means 
by which the society and the government, by which I mean 
those in the government, can systematically sequester from 
access to decision making any and all who have dared to be 
sufficiently unimpressed with the conditioning process to 
question the wisdom of a major dogma of the status quo. And 
the reason is simple. Those with a sufficient degree of 
detachment to question the victimless crime laws are the 
same sort who make penetrating inquiries into the com-
petence of our present assortment of philosopher kings." 

PtlOFESSIONAL SER /ICES: ii 
CONSULTING , u _ o _ O_ O_~,.-.(~-" 

., ... -r ___ - ..".. ..... ~i-. 1-
Nevertheless, and not Shafer Commission 

recommended in March that marijuana be 
"decriminalized." There opi nions on the 
details of what this should recommendation 
was that personal, privdte should not be 
punished. The commission I nl~I'X~IIICII distinction that 
this was not "legalization", Id still not be 
distributed publicly and contraband in 

Think about it. If you are perceptive enough to question 
hypocritical victimless crime laws, you might also question 
the coronation of King Richard. You should therefore be 
branded a criminal, and excluded from future responsibility 
in society. 

public. The major thru st of to recognize that 
marijuana is a relativel y ha that it was the laws 
which were the danger to of cou rse, has been 

Apparently Mr. Lehmann didn't understand what he was George McGovern's position 
Nixon's response to his oWI. is,sion was simple. In a 

press statement March 25 " I oppose the 
saying, but his point is very valid . Perhaps he thought readers 
would ignore the Nixon record and see Nixon as the 
enlightened progressive trying to free youth so they can 
question the status quo. It is apparent, however, that Nixon is 
opposed to elimination of victimless crime laws because he 
sees them as a way to maintain his rigid society. As Nixon 
learned from John Wayne movies, the way to eliminate 
Indians or the counter-culture is to have the government try 
to wipe out the choice of life-style. Thus, with marijuana and 
other victimless crimes, ixon is attempting to structure the 
"conditioning process" to assure the elimination of tho~e 
who will not unquestioningly serve their master. 

legalization of marijuana and sa le, its posses-
sion, and its use. Th is what the 
commission has recommpnri",." ,ri 
confirmed as Attorney l.f'n." , • •• ",n 
marijuana on the grounds 
that allows youths to "esca 

This now leaves the 
election machine in somethir. uandry 
Nixon's ' out of date 
people. The result is the a 
Quo" in Nixon's "youth" 
editor 

Hong onto your gong . 
It's 'Rocky' time again. 

/Ferret;ng Sexists 
Editor 

O .K., CitiZenS, now thll 
we've ferreted out that rouen 
sexist, Rocky, I say leI 'S go OUI 
and dig out the whole lousy 
bunch. Let 's get out there and 
slash the Mona Li a, take a 
sledge hammer to the Venus 
de Milo, and most importanl 
of all, Shakespeare 's 100e 
sonnets must burn . Wh y? The 
answer is obvious : the crealors 
of these a rt works have dared 
to "exploit" the women of the 
world to create works of alt. 
And to admire the fem.Jle 
her looks alone is bad, right 
Wrong. 

Since the beginn ing 
humanity, man has lusted 
woman on a purel y vil ua 
basis. Furthermore, I sl lbmil 
that no matter what the quan· 
tity of day-care centers, abor· 
tions, and equal -opportunilY 
employment, man will no' 
change his attitude towards l 
woman's appearance, 
Moreover, I pity any society \0 

eeting 0 
he Trit on 
imes Editorial 

Board Wed, 
Oct. 18, 1972 
at 6:00 TT 
office. 

In this futile effort of harrassment, ixon and Kleindienst 
will off 

dead that a woman's 
longer counts, for in 
\0 oblivious to such 

It would be insensitive 
beauty of a clear 
night, or the sun set-

over a su rf-pounded 

It should be ap-
to all that in a world 

bp so ugly, beauty is 
to overshadow the 
the beauty of woman 

tnt!'gral part of the 
beauty. I do not in 'lny 

shap , or form disregard 
value of a woman's 

company, nor would I 
r a person un-

tor equal occupation 
.Juse she's a woman. 

J\[!' rtain that to pre-
such beauty does not 
to IJV that it should be 
v Ignored, is wrong . 

vif'wS on beauty , 
Cr<1IS, are lounded in 

tru ths. 
Tom Nichols 

g the reactions to 
Ihort-sighted " Broad 
hJ~ b!'en both amusing 

and informative. However, 
some questions have come to 
my mind which need answers. 
Is it sexism to objectively 
observe that one human being 
pleases our aesthetic tastes 
more than another? Is it pre-
judice that gives each member 
of our species the desire to 
pair with the healthiest, most 
aesthetically pleasing member 
of the opposite sex available to 
them? Can we hide mountains 
of biological truths under 
clouds of intellectualism, then 
walk on those clouds and pre-
tend that we sta nd on solid 
ground? We're falling through 
Ihe clouds and onto the craigs 
below, look around! If it is 
sexism to observe that one 
human's physical aspects are 
more pleasing than another's. 
then everyone is a sexist. So 
what? What difference does it 
make ? If we are talking about 
hiring and firing, or educating, 
or allowing one into politics, 
or suppressing creativity or in-
tellectualism on the basis of 
sex, then we are talking about 
a problem that has been with 
us too long and must be dug 
out by the roots and burned. 
But if we are talking about a 
process of nalUral selection, 
the biological drive to e~k the 
fittest member of th opposite 
sex, then let's not hide ou r 

triton times 
City Editor 

in the sa 
the courage to face the reality 
that although humans possess 
the most developed intellect 
in the animal kingdom, we are 
none the less subject to some 
basic, indisputable biological 
drives, Once we begin to 
differentiate between learned 
prejudices and biologi ca l dic-
tates, we will be in a better 
position to deal with the real 
problems that afflict us, 
Bennett E. McClellan 

Warplanes 
Over UCSD 
Editor: 

Last M onday (9th Oct.!, at 
10:45 a.m., three jets "buzzed" 
the UC D campus. For a short 
period, perhaps half a minute, 
thousands of students and 
professors had to stop their 
classes and think about other 
matters, mostly about the war . 
I! would be hard to imagine a 
more effective way of building 
up opposition to such things. 
Warplanes roaring over un-
iversities do one thing : they 
reinforce our hatr ed of 
warplanes, of those who fly 
them, and of military complex-
es in general. 

incerely 
Gianna 0 curo 

lditn r4 in. hief 
\i,'ndging Editor 
HII\in(l~\ Manager 

~I)"''' Editor 
Photog .. phv Editor 
""0(' Cily Editor. 

Cdmy ~hd"rk 
David Bu( hbtndN 

Mlch.el Green(' 
Mlfhdel Ralh 

loe fdltNn 
Tommy dltme£' 

RIC k Drom 
MICha£'l ~('<m.l 

"" ..... , Inp .. ,tmfonl k.uh\ ""p"'''~ 

Copy lditor 
Editorial Dir~(tor 
Arts Editor 

Camp Rlck£'y 
Chuck Graham 

M .. k leget 
Torn Lindberg 

COrinne 41r(l~ 
Mdrk LI<ka 

e retdry 
Asst. Sport. Editor 
Asst. OUliness Mgr. 

'1.lno., ( ,.Il,," (,I'·t.: ..... ' 11 ,.. Sporb Otp.rtm~n' 
'" I, t .. uv¥oori ("OP1 R" .. dl"r\ l)"lJ~ l hl·,h,,,, 
I "1\ O~l~ ~ rl KoI'I'n (~Ilf k ,1,1111 Houdrnll .. h 
'11 H, I~"tt Ih·hhlf't....tfln1Iolnmf"," r hPrd ,'hon 

f "'W H. ,", ( nl~~ M ( .1"1\ '"hn "'1,'_~"'I' 

A,,, o.pArlmrnt 
( h 1,1,- 11,·11 
(h.,d.- I n."I .. , 

I ,til r .... ,.11'\ 
(h,1'I1!' tlt-Iml.·, 

BLKin~u [nop!. 
(hl'f\1 (litul' 

Th~ TRtTO TlM(S is offi iolly r~cORnilcd ••• ,tude.nt news.p." .. r by tbe Com-
munic.tion. Do'drd 01 the University 01 Calilornia, .n O,ego, Ol"tdlnl! 2 0, Mat~hew. 
Camp"" l.llolld, C.tifornia 92037. Publiu tion i. twice wee~1 on Tue.ddY' and f .. ~~yS. 
Ollief'< .re locati'd in room 11 7, st.ke Hall, on the Revell.. ampus. for .d ... rtl 'ng 
phon •. ~ ';)-8712, or ~53-2000, X 1017; lor editoriat or ne .... phOM X t016. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THI OPINI NG OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETRY 

AIIHE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BL VD.lAuolI from Spom Ar.nt 
• EY E~ EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED • 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS • 
HOU RS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sol. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 

latest fash ions 
in wire frames 

\ ---- - --~-

I Come to ~-.--------I 
NCR 
San Diego for 
opportunity 
II you can think creatively In the reatm of advanced data processing systems we ofter you the 
opportunity to create an Important place for yourself In one of the world s great computer com· 
panles. Because 01 our across-the-board. world-Wide commitment In computer systems your 
career Wilt be as secure as It IS exciting Your work Wilt consist of chatiengtng non-delense as· 
Slgnments aimed at Improving bUSiness. ftnanclal. government and educatIOnal operations In 
121 countries tn short. NCR offers you a rewarding today. a certain tomorrow and a chance to 
claim your fair share 01 the computer luture To learn more. please reserve the date below 

thats 
as 
bright 
as you 
are 

Opportunity at 
B.S. and M.S. levels 
Important. continuing commercial activ,ty In 

Design and Development 
Pertorm deSign. checkoul and documentat.on lor slate· 
of-tM-art computtng equlpmpnt coordination "olll 
speCifiCatiOnS of a log.cal sequence of components and 
CirCUitry for a deSired co:npuler oUIPui deSign 01 
CIrCUitry for nigh· speed computers and systems 
Additional opportunities to perform deSign ot tesl 
eqUipment to cheek out computer systems Cand,aates 
should be Inleresled.n log.cal and CIrCUIt deSign for 
EE graduates 

Software Programming 
O"glnatlon deSign developmenl and Imolementallon 01 
comple. sollware systems developmenl of 0"9,nal 
functl"nal deSign and procesSing lechnlques deSign 
and Implementation of stale-ol·lhe·art data base Ille 
management sottware and a 18rge-scale on-line mulll-
programming ">ecutlve deSign flowcharting coding 
and Implementation of on-line e.ecul,ve software 
modules For EE. Computer SCience or Math grdduates 

DATA PROCESSING DIVISIO 
16550 W Bernardo Dr San DIego Calil 92127 
'\'n eqUI:\~ opporiuntl\l emploVe! male & f malt 

on-campus Interviews Tuesday, Oct. 24 
70 arrange an appolnfment. contact the Placement Doreetor In the Occupaf,onal Placemenr 
Oll'ee now fI you cannof Schf'dule an appolnrment for the '"tervrew aale p'ea, l $end a 
resume ro the Un/verSIfy PI.eemenr Dorector or to Ihe addre s abo.~ 

\ 
\ 
\ 
i 
i 
\ 
i 
i ( 
i 

I 
\ 
\ 
i 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
i 
\ 

Triton Tim r17 , 1972 

\ 



P·UNK ROCK 
Greg Shawl Alternative Features Service 

If you were listening to rock music These records, like everything on 
in the years 1964-1968 and weren't this album, are all vital to rock history. 
totally overwhelmed by the various The Vagrants included a young Leslie 
English groups of the time, chances West and were very important in the 
are you hold fond memories of any early ew York underground . The 
number of bands who entertained at trangeloves (Feldman, Gotteher & 
teen clubs and (if they were lucky) got Goldstein) were one of the most 
out some raunchy single that might prolific songwriting-production teams 
even still be kicking around your of the '60's, " lies" was America's best 
house. answer to the Mersey sound, Mouse 

Nowadays those groups and their produced the ultimate blend of Dylan 
records are known as " punk rock" or and teenage grease, making the 
"punkadelic," and while that era is Turtles look lame in the process. And 
not quite distant enough to be the Electric Prunes brought 
regarded as "history," it has already technology to rock & roll, as well as 
been accorded its first high-quality the classical fusions that groups like 
reissue album. ElP have only recently discovered. 

Lenny Kaye has lovingly assembled The other three sides contain a 
twenty-seven of the most distinctive similar goldmine of forgotten gems. 
semi-obscure singles of this period, "Open My Eyes," the best of Todd 
tying them together in a clear historic Rundgren 's early work with the Nazz, 
context with his fine liner notes on a " Let 's Talk About Girls" from an 
set called Nuggets: Original Artyfact abscure Chocolate Watchband 
From the First Psychedelic Era (Elektra album, " Oh Yeah" by Chicago's own 
E-2006). Every important regional Shadows of Knight ," the clas~ic 
scene is represented, and every style " Push in' Too Hard" by the eeds, 
from the raunch-heavy roots of punk " Hey Joe" by the leaves, "Sugar and 
to the later stages of early grunge Spice" by the Cryan hames, and that 
psychedelia. They are arranged, not in ever-popular discotheque song 
ch ronological or geographical or "Farmer John," In the supreme live 
even stylistic order, but programmed version by the Premiers. 
to provide the utmost listening value Boston is represented by the 
and appreciation for the surprising Remains' " Don't Look Back"· (the 
diversity of punk roc:'. Remains are regarded by many as the 

Side one opens with Seattle's Elec- best American group of 1965-1966) 
!ric Prunes and their biggest hit, "I and "M 0 u I t y," a biz a rr e 
Had Too Much to Dream (Last Night)" autobiographical single by the Bar-
and runs through " Dirty Water" by barians, accompanied by the Band. 
the Standells, "Night Time" by the Early psychedelia is captured to 
trangeloves, "lies" by the Knicker- perfection in " Run Run Run " by the 

bockers, " Respect" by the Vagrants Third Rai l (a beautiful period piece 
and " Public Execution" by Mouse & detailing the harried life of Mr. 
the Traps, before closing with "No Businessman - no re lation to any 
Time like the Right Time," a rare 
single by the Blues Project. continued on page 3 

I 4 iringJ'ton 
IPresu_e. 

May we suggest a new natural high; namely, listening to a 
pair of our BOSE 901 stereo speaker systems? Music critics 
from AUDIO magazine to SATURDAY REVIEW rated BOSE 
901 best! 

J{Je(,(, DJ-tt"lllg! 
--ONLY UCSD STUDENTS OR--
FACULTY MEMBERS MAY PARTICIPATE. 

Friday October 27 at 3:00 p.m., a $496.00 pair of 
BOSE 901 speakers (with equalizer) will be 
given away to the lucky person whose winning 
entry is drawn 
Bring in your favorite 
record i ng and hear the sound 

closest to the original per-
formance. 

~=~...:..~ 

l~ ~ ' ... IVANHOE ::;~~I~~~:~'~~' \\ ~ 'IIP""nRld"I r-----------------, II SOUNO'''PAUFicA NAME I 
I OPEN lOt06 I ~ ..... ,'h"",'" Sltowd./ I\DDRr'i'i I 
I Tel No. 459·9539 

" Ivanhoe (In EI Patio Bldg) PHO"JE O. --------
- - ____ CL.tP, I""," ..... ·DII "Clllt~ _____ _ 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday October 17, 1972 

t 
BLIND LEMON'S BLUES 

coast clubs and festivals . Shaw prompted Bob to try 
On Friday Oct. 21 the Cam- THOMAS SHAW : "Blind some professional gigs and he 

pus Programming Board will lemon's Texas Blues Buddy": can be heard playing piano 
present an evening of folk- Thomas Shaw learned to play with Tom (and singing too) On 
blues. The concert will take guitar from the great Texas his Advent Album . Bob has 
place in Revelle Cafeteria at blues si nger Blind Lemo n since appeared at SeV('ral 
8:30 p.m. and there is no ad- Jefferson and during his time festivals and recorded for the 
mission charge. in Texas (19OB-1934) he played Blue Goose company. H is a 

"An Evening of Real Folk with suc h Texas greats as prolific blues songwriter and'a 
Blues" featur('s several of the Ramblin Thomas, J. T. "Funny classic piano pounder. 
greatest blues and boogie Papa" Smith and Smokey BONNIE JEFFERSON "an 
entertainer in America. Hogg. In California he went to Diego's Lady of the Blues": 

SAM C HA TMO N: " The work singi ng blues over a Ti - Originally from Arkansas, Bon. 
Mississippi Shiek": Born into juana radio station and even- nie moved to California In the 
an illustrious family of blues tually drifted into church work early 50's. As a young girl she 
entertainers (his brother - he is now the pastor of was part of a group of emer. 
Charlie Patton has been called Noah's Temple Apostolic tainers who performed church 
the Father of Delta Blues). Sam Faith. " Rediscovered " by Lou music, blues, or even country 
started playing bass in the Curtiss (of Folk Arts), Thomas western. After marrying and 
family band "The Mississippi Shaw has recently recorded moving to San Diego she gave 
hieks" and became the for Advent and Blue Goose. up performing, but when she 

group's songwriter: he is He will be touring Europe in became acquainted with Tom 
credited with being the author late Nov. Shaw and Bob Jeffrey she got 
of such blues standards as "Sit- the urge to pick again . She has 
tin on Top of the World" ROBERT " Ro ck Me" performed at the San Diego 
"Corrina, Corrina" and JEFFERY : Born in Tulsa, State Traditional Music and 
"Crosscut Saw." H e has Oklahoma, Bob was brought Blues Festival and recorded for 
recorded a number of albums up in a musical household. He Blue Goose records. 
for the Blue Goose Company. started playing Blind Lemon If you dig boogie and blues 
At 75, Sam lives in his home songs on the guitar but soon (or would like the opportun ity 
state of Mississippi and returns drifted to what became his first to find out what its all about) 
to California every year to per- love - the piano. The success this is a concert not to be 
form in most of the bi~ west of his old picking buddy Tom missed. 

The uniCORn ClIIIIID 
EVENINGS THROUGH WEDNESOAY 

MACUNAIMA 
/8 45 pml8'."I/ I971 
ONEPLUSONt 

(SYMPATHY fOR THE nEVll) 
BEGINNING THURSDAY 
REEFER MADNESS 

.. Po. 1939 film warnu,s of the evils of Manluan, 
BRAND X 

With Taytor M@ad&Abb- Hotfmlfl 
FIRESIGN THEATRE 

In their new film 
MARTIAN SPACE PARTY 

Tascon Productions and KDEO present 

GORdoN LiG~Tfoor 
Friday, October 20,8:30 PM 

Community Concourse Golden Hall 
Tickets: $5.50, $4 .50, $3 .50 

Tickets on sale at Civic Theatre 
Box Office, Highlander Men's Stores, 

'W La Jolla BIVd,I59. ·'01l_1 ,~~;;:;~;C;;I _;;;;:;;,,:;;;_;;a~(l:;l ;;M~e;;tr;;o;:a~g;;e;;n;ci;;e;;s·:e::iiiiiiiiHi;;;(Hj~ ,_O_i_g. --~ ·1 

I I I I 
I 

I 
t 
I 
i 
i 
i 
i 

~IIt p~3)I~~ 
8004 Girard / La Jolla, Calif. 

459-8259 

t 
i 
I 

Tritons come out 
second in tourney 
Two out of three isn't bad, 

11 out of 12 sounds even 
That's what the old 

team pulled off last 
. , ... ",l.V. 1 2 quarters of water 

1 of which were 
a mong the best ef-
team has come up 

i yet. It was, to say the least, 
nice reversal after .a 

_ .• ~."undt slow start by thiS 
ear's team. . 
i The first thing the team did 

n arriving at Pomona 
urday was to kis~ the 

over which Trudie had 
driving them at 95 miles 

hour, straddling two .Ianes. 
second thing they did was 
in a quick two minutes 

rm up, making sure 
rybody touched the ball at 

once. And then the tour-
started for real, and 

. 1 .... ....,;n"lv forever. 
game pitted UCSD 

inst Chapman, a team that 
locals beat a million last 

year. They were surprisingly 
good, and though UCSD came 
aut on the better end of the 
score it was certainly not a 
blitz. The final score was 
something like 11 to 5 with the 
Tritons shooting about 2% 
from the field. Fortunately for 
the locals Passive Paul, our 
rookie goalie, decided to play 
this game with his eyes open. 

Paul Bogseth comes from 
Pasadena High School, and 
though his profile says " All 
American, two years," in reali-
ty Paul has only had one ye~r 
experience in the goal. But If 
there is one man who really 
improved between the Irvine 
fiasco and Saturday, it was 
Pau I. He started the day by 
blocking a penalty shot and 
got his hand on just. about 
everything thrown at him. 

As quick as Paul is, he barely 
had time to jump out of the 
pool, read a love letter from 
his I and back in for 

1III1 ~Inl 
Sp.,,"IGueSlStI, FAMILY 

SAN DIEGO 
I FRI. 
I OCT. 21 

SPORTS AUKA I 8 PM 
.. 

AU ... ts .... , .. d .t $6.50, $5.50, $4.50 
l,ckets Available at Bill Gamble's Men's Stores, 

Central TI(ket Acencies. SporlS Arena Ticket Office 
Call 224·4176 for ticket information . 

P,oducpd b~ (Il~( I NI ~~~O( lUIS .,. . 

/~ 

/ 

September, $4.95. 

UniVeRsiTY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSION 1360 

........................ ...... 

the next game 15 minutes 
later. The opponent was 
Pomona and for the first time 
this year the opposing defense 
was a lone. Fortunately the 
zone was weak and the score 
was 12-5, Tritons. 

There were some things 
worth noting though. First, 
UCSD looks injury prone. 
Pickle matched Pixie's 
sprained thumb by letting 
somebody on Chapman wrap 
his mouth around his thumb 
a nd bite in the fi rst game. 
liska's mouth had to be taped 
to avoid a foul on the bench. 

The second thing worth 
noticing was that Dave Gor-
don, a JC transfer from 
Palomar, was putting the ~all 
in the goal With reassUring 
regularity. Dave nicely com-
pliments John Hoff's un-
derwater work, seemingly 
never being caught in the 
wrong . Perhaps the c?n-
tinuous blank expressIOn 
helps, but it is mostly due to 

finesse, something .which has 
been a goal of UCSD defensive 
technique for years; it keeps 
Dave on the good side of the 
referees. 

The final four quarters of the 
day came against Cal State 
University at Northridge , 
better known as San Fernando 
Valley State. It was a brutal 
game, with the Tritons ending 
up on the brutal end of a 9-7 
score. 

The first period found UCSD 
being blitzed 5-0. Obviously 
things changed, since the 
score didn 't end up 20-0. For 
the next three quarters Valley 
scored only one goal from the 
field, and as the game 
progressed the Tritons got 
stronger and fast"r, at least 
comparatively speaking. It 
was a very important day as far 
as developing a bit of team 
character, sort of winning in 
more ways than Just the score. 
By the end of the game, Valley, 
a team who has beaten Oc-
cidental, was glad the game 
was in quarters and not fifths, 
and all of the UCSD players 
could have really used a fifth . 

One of the toughest 
weekends of the season are 
coming up for UCSD, as Long 
Beach and Arizona State will 
be played back-to-back Friday 
and Saturday. Long Beach 
promises to be ViCIOUS, and 
most of the desert rats were 
recruited from California, so 
that could be qUite a game 
Saturday. If you want to get rid 
of your hangover, come and 
ell it out, Saturday, or at least 

Flags and footballs 
fly in Intramurals 

Pat Stacy 

Football s and flags are flying, folks, as intramural football is 
well under way. Four men's and four coed leagues promise to 
keep the field filled for fall quarter as a record number of 
students, faculty, freaks and fun-lovers are out crackln' Ther,e 
looks to be some hot teams this year, particularly In men s 
football. This week we'll review a few of these teams (later 
we'll go through the Kyokota Leag.ue and the other pi asure-
seeking rummies who just dig playing football and could care 
less about their unfortunate lack of talent) . .. . 

Men's football looks to be very competitive thiS year; 
leagues are evenly balanced and several teams. have a sh(;lt at 

. the top. First, the Muir League, where defending c.hamplons 
DE A ZA are back stronger than ever. A comblnallon of 
speed, hard hitters, natural ability, and Simeon G~eensteln 
find the fair-haired jocks favored to repe~t last ye~r s perfor-
mance. Sprout's play calling lends diversity to a fine offense 
while Rick Coleman anchors a stalwart defense. The toughest 
competition DE A ZA will face all year might posslblv b,e 
right in their own backyard in the presence of DaVid Wright s 
LA JOLLA STREET GA G. This rowdy gang of basketballers 
decided to turn their size and prowess (?) to the grass thiS 
year. Even with their bulk and strength, th~ugh , an Im-
aginative offense is the key to the GA G s sea~on , as 
intramural football reqUires finesse In addition to size and 
ability. 

Probably the most competitive league this year IS . Rev ! Ie 
where anyone of five squads could cop thE' cha~plonshlp . 
The class ot the league (they'll hate me for s~ylng thiS) appears 
to be OFF AGAIN featuring a brUISing line led by har~­
char-glng Bill Gates and a top-notch defense If Don Reordan s 
knee heals, watch out for these turkeys (sorry. Brad ' .. The 
rough "n" rowdy NADS should be in the thick of things 
despite a 19-6 opening game loss to OFF Perennial power 
BRA X has a new look this year, but could ne\-erthel.ess 
prove to be a winner again. Carl Strand's S OIDS may find 
the going rougher than last year and will need more depth If 
they are to survive their schedule With a winning record . And 
then there are the PU KS, who have kept their talpntf'd t('am 
under wraps up to now omebody's going to have, to pull 
Dickie's flag (a task much ('aSler said than done) or he II core 
whenever he gets th(' ball. 

The Weird League IS a combination ,t u nd('r~r ad , \(rad 
students, med students, ScripPs students . • m d , of cour<e. th(' 
non-students, the STU~BLERS. Yes, last year 5 runners-up are 
back, low-riding their way through another season Tou~h 
games with LEFT OFF, SO OF MOTHER NATURE, A.RGO X 
and the surpriSing SMEGMA should make It t'lIht gOing tor 
any team. ome excellent flag football will be gOIn : on thl' 

r so take ome time and see a - I think ~ou II d ig It. 

And 
to 

Each 
Season 

GIFTS OF AN EAGLE 
by Kent Durden 

by 

ROD McKUEN 
A nd 10 Each Season is Rod McKuen's first major 
new book of poetry for Simon and Schuster. It IS . 
not only his best work but also th~, most autobiO-
graphical. According to McKuen, . t~IS book has 
been the hardest to let go because It IS so per~~nal , 
and because it also marks a departure In style." The 
long introductory poem, " When I Was Nine, was 
published last Christmas in the L~dies' H~me Jour-
nal and created more advance Interest In a 
M 'Kuen book than any he has yet published . The tit~ poem, "And to Each eason," has been read to 
packed concert audiences throughout the world 
during the past SIX months. 

NEED IT FAST? ... TRY US FIRST! 
TORE HOURS: MON.-FRI. 8 TO 4:30, 

AT. 10 TO 2 

THE TRUE TORY of a boy, hi father and a 
Golden Eagle they rai e ... In the tradition of the 
bestselling JONATHAN UVING TON EAGCLL. 

This Year's Perfect Gift book. 

' . 

• 
• ~ 

-

Gifts 
ofan e 

5.95 (C'lothonly) 

Tlton Times Page 7 



...... announcernents ................................................. 1 
tuesday 

Starting today, Oct . 17, the 
UCSD Chess Club will meet 
Tuesday evenings at 7:30 in 
the Revelle Cafeteria. Players 
of all degrees of skill are 
welcome . PLEASE BRING 
YOUR OWN CHESS SETS 
AND BOARDS IF AT All 
POSSIBLE! (1 :1) 

Ever had questions about 
Christian Science? Come to 
our meeting on Tuesday and 
look for answers. Everyone is 
welcome and invited to at-
tend. 7 p.m. in the Blake 
Conference room. (1 :1) 
A general information 
meeting for all interested 
premedical and predental 
students will be held on 
Tuesday, Oct. 17 at 7:30 p.m., 
Room 2250, Budding 2D, 
Muir campus. (2:2) 

A representative from the 
an Diego City Council will 

explain their intern program 
at 11 :00 a.m ., today in the 
FISHBOWl. If you are in-
terested in getting academic 
credit from their program 
come to the meeting or call 
Tom at Xl030 (1 :1) 

·'REMI DER** 
UC D ASTRONOMER 
meeting and qar party today 
at 7:30. The meE'ting will be 
In USB 3010, the star party in 
the Plaza afterwards. Come 
one come all. ee the 
Moon, qars, and planets 
through our telescopes. For 
more information, call 274-
6793 (1.1) 
Proposition 22 - There will be 
a discussion workshop on the 
Implications of Proposition 22 
Tuesday, October 24th at 8 
p.m. in thE' Lountie of the 
University Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. Father 
Ed Donovan, a campus 
chaplain and Mr. Arthur 
Schaffer, an attorney will lead 
the discussion. Proposition 22, 
on the ovembE'r ballot, limits 
the rights of farm workers to 
organize. (2:1) 

Tuesday 11 :00 a.m. Muir 
Fishbowl - Mavorneen 
O'Connor will speak at the 
Muir Fishbowl regarding City 
Council Internships. All 
students and faculty are in-
vited. 

wednesday 
Bowling Club will meet on 
Wednesday October 18 at 6 
pm in the PE Classroom Con-
tact is Otis Watson 453-8179. 
(1 :1) 

A Literature Department 
Wednesday Afternoon In-
formal Meeting : Professor 
Leobard Barkan says: 
DON't READ PLAYS! And 
he explains why on 
Wednesday, Oct. 18 at 4 
p.m. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Free Coffee and 
Cookies. 

Soaring Club will meet 
Wednesday Oct. 18 at 7 p .m . 
in 4080-C USB. Contact is Lee 
Harrison 272-9932. (1 :1) 

GRAPEVINE: A Sharing Pro-
ject; will begin Wednesday 
Oct. 18 at 4 :00 In the 
FISHBOWL INFORMATION 
CE TER. tudents intere ted 
in information about the Bio . 
Dept.; majors, classes, and 
profe sors, and who would 
like to talk with up-
perclassmen, should attend 
this meeting. (2:2) 

Ecumenicdl tudent Dinner, 
Wed., Oct. 18, 5 p.m., at 
University Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive 
(across the street from Urey 
Hall) . 35¢ donation. All 
welcome (1:1) 

Professor Andrew Charlton 
of California State Fullerton 
faculty will demonstrate early 
wind instruments, 
Wednesday October 18, 
from 9-10 a.m. in 409 Me. He 
will be accompanied by a 
guitarist and accomplished 
dancers. (1 :1) 

Photo Assoc. Organization 
Meeting, Wed . Oct. 18, 7 
p.m., 2A 2250 Membership, 
discuss new darkroom, new 
equipment, money. (2 :2) 

thursday 
Bicycle Club will meet on 
Thursday Oct. 19 at 6 p.m. in 
the PE Classroom. Contact is 
Joe Wettstein 453-1476. (1 :1) 

There will be a meeting of all 
UCSD Recreation Club 
Representatives on Thursday 
Oct. 19 at 4 p.m . in the PE 
Classroom. (1:1) 

There will be a Karate 
meeting on Thursday Oct . 19 
at 8 p.m. at 1347 Summit, 
Encinitas. Contact Les Ingber 
X1249 or 753-9912. (1:1) 

Synchronized Swim Club 
meeting Thursday, Oct. 19 -
7:00 pm Classroom (1:1) 

A lecture-demonstration, 
" Dialogue between 
American and French Music 
of the Last Two Centuries," 
will be given by noted 
French conductor Konstantin 
Simonovitch, Thursday, Oct. 
19,409, MC (1:1) 

general 
Folk Dance Club will meet 
Friday Oct. 20 at 7 p.m. In MC 
201. Everyone welcome! (1:1) 
If you can build and design 
computer hardware, analog 
and digital, come see us for a 
part-time job starting now. 
Andy turman, Center for 
Human Information Process-
ing.X2019. 

The Jewish Students Associa-
tion invites you to join us in 
Shabbat dinner Friday night 
at 6:00 in the Muir Apt. 
Lounge, eat, sing, dance, & 
talk with us. Please bring a 
dish . If you have questions, 
contact Debbie at 453-9494. 

Applicat ions are now being 
taken at the M uir Provost 
Office for those students in-
terested in participating in 
the Muir-Dartmouth Ex -
change for Winter Quarter, 
1973. Information regarding 
the Exchange may be ob-
tained from the Muir Provost 
Office and the deadline for 
filing applicat ions is October 
20, 1972. (4 :2) 

Scene Shop: Tuesday 1 :00-
5:00, Wednesday 7-10 :00 
p.m ., Thursday 1 :00-5 :00, 
Saturday 98 :00-12 :00. The 
scene shop is in 318 
Matthews (2 :2) 
Costume Shop: Tuesday 
10:00-12:00, Wednesday 7-
10:00 p.m., Thursday 10:00-
12:00. The costume shop is in 
the UCSD Theatre 203 
Matthews Campus (2 :2) 

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED to 
help in parent co-op pre-
school in Ocean Beach. Sue, 
277-6649. (6 :2) 

Any student interested in 
working with an Diego City 
Government (credit 
possible), please call Steve 
Pingree, X2943 (2:2) 
AITENTIO - ALL MAJORS 
IN URBAN & RURAL 
TUDIES 

All students who are majors, 
or plan to become majors, in 
Urban & Rural tudies should 
imm diately schedule an ap-
pointment with the 
Undergraduate Advisor for 
Urban & Rural Studies. Call 
Extension 2813 to set up your 
appointment or come to 
Building 411, Me. (2 :1) 

Modern Dance Club 
Meeting on Friday Oct. 20 
from 1 to 3 in the North 
Balcony. (1 :1) 

WEAVING CLASSES 
BEGIN ING OW: Barbara 
haw roft, authentic avajo 

rug weaving, backstrap, 4-
harness loom . 755-4461 , 
Carmel Valley Weavers, 1342 
Camino Del Mar, Del Mar. 
(2 :2) 

PRE-MEDS: There are a 
number of interesting 
volunteer jobs sti ll available 
at the Veterans Administra-
tion Hospital. These 
openings are being held 
specifica lIy for pre-med 
students. Because of the 
training involved, student 
volunteers are asked to 
donate a minimum of four 
hours per week. Pre-meds 
interested in volunteering 
should contact Mr. Lewis 
Wills or Tom Page in the 
Voluntary Services office at 
the V. A . Hospital. (2:2) 

November 1, 1972 is the 
deadline for registration of 
on-campus organizations. In 
order to utilize campus facili -
ties, all groups must register 
through the Student Ac-
tivities Office. The procedure 
is very simple: see Madeline 
in Urey Hall Lobby and she 
will give you the registration 
form. Being a registered 
campus organization enables 
groups to reserve room s, 
present speakers and films, 
request funding for special 
programs, and present 
publicity on campus. (2:2) 
RevE'lie College Seniors who 
have announced to graduate 
at the end of Fall Quarter, 
1972 please check the 
Bulletin Board in front of the 
Revelle ollege Provost's Of-
fice to make sure that your 
name is on the Graduating 
Seniors list ,2: 2) 
·The Science Fiction and Fan-
tasy Club invites all students, 
faculty and taff to meet 
Richard Alf, Comic-Con 
organizer and ~u per-fan; this 
Monday at 3:00, in Blak e 
Lounge.· (2:1) 
Attention! EXPERIENCED 
and SOMEWHAT Ex-
perienced FENCERS. First 
meeting Fencing Club on 
Sunday Oct. 22, 1972 in the 
Dance room in the Gym-
na ium at UCSD from 7 00 
p.m. to 10:00 p.m. There will 
be round robin fencing 
bouts. We have quipment, 
but if you have your own 
please bring it. (2:1) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~.advertise~ents ~rourselves ...... ~ 
wanted 

WA TED: Boy's Bike 21" or 
smaller, coaster or hand 
brakes. C.ll1 453-6467 after 5. 
(2.2) 
WA TED : LAMP FOR 
LIVING ROOM . MUST 
WORK; LOOK UNIM-
PORTANT. WILL PAYTO $15. 
CALL 565-1403, RICK. (2:1) 
Undergraduate Student to 
help Graduate Student in 
research project. Two hours 
a week. Pay - no money, but 
you get to expand your con-
sciousness. Nature of project 
- you tell me about your-
self. Plenty of chance of ad-
vancement for both of us. 
See : 
Benjamin Urrutia 
1008 Humanities and Social 
Sciences Bldg. (D-2) 
Or call: 453-2583 (2:2) 

Wanted Desp rately : Ride to 
UCSD Monday-Friday, 9-5 
from Encinitas; Call 753-9044 
l"l."')' 
, .... -I 

Wanted : Girl to share 2 
bdrm apt. In P.B. $75 per 
month - pool, laundry, and 
storag . Contact Elaine 
E'V nlngs 272-84% or days 

11-3330 ext 1858 
Fre Mixed-terrier puppy 
black male, 2 months old. 

all 298-5628 or 234-5375 

Subjects Need d for Psych. 
Expt. $1 .88/hr, 20-40 hrs over 
4 wks. Go to 4327 2C MTIhF 
12-1 or W 3:30, or if you can't 
co me ilt these times, call 
X2047 for appt. (2:1) 

for sale 
AR XA-194 Turntable with 
92E Shure cart., base, cover, 
& other neat things $95. 755-
6986 after 7:00 PM (2: 1) 

SO Y TC-90 cassette tape 
recorder with new tapes & 
accessories $90 . 755-6986 
after 7:00 p.m. (2:1) 

FOR SALE: 69 BMW 1600 
Excellent condition - extras 
$1 ,800 453-6709 (2:2) 

OXYACETYLENE WELDING 
GEAR, BIG TANKS, 
CRAFTSMAN INDUSTRIAL 
SET Complete $150. 755-4461 . 
(2:2) 

YAMAHA FLUTE - key "C"; 
ali nickel plate ; excell nt 
condi tion ; $110; 753-8429 
(2:2) 
1 king size water b d with air 
mattress and foam pad- call 
488-9029 (2:1) 
72 SCUBA TANK, UK" Valve, 
$45. Lv mess. for G. Lewb I, 
x2112 (2.2) 

Pag 8 Triton Times Tu sday,Octob r 17, 1972 

FREE: 2-month old puppy 
mixed terrier bla k male call 
298-5628 or 234-5375 (2:1) 
1 10 speed racing bike - new 
$85. 

FOR SALE : 1967 Ducati 
motorcycle, 250cc with new 
rings and valves. Very good 
and cheap transportation . 
$200. Contact Bud or Kevin at 
459-9452 (2:2) 
1970 H ON DA S L-350, 
EXCLNT COND NO DIRT, 
EXT. FROm TIRE, BOOK 
RACK, MAKE OFFER, 755-
3949 (2:2) 

lost and found 
LOST : one pair of silver wire 
rim glasses on grass near HL 
library. Please return to 
Triton Tim s office. (2:2) 
LOST-TURQUOISE 
BRACELET $25 Reward. In H-
L or 2A Bldg. restroom . 
Wrong tel. No. given before. 
Call 753-7115. (2:2) 

Lost: White, carved pipe Oct. 
2 in Soc. lA lass. $5.00 
reward for the finder. call 
753-0997 (2:2) 
Found bi ycle four months 
ago. 5 AI Esqu da, night -
watchman at Rev II olleg 
after 10:00 to id ntify. Call 
X1915 or 1916. (2:1) 

LO T: Dropped wallet on 
beach (Blks) SocSecCrd Drft 
Crd, Snr. lfsvng Crd, Lsnc 
UCSD RRClb Crd, Stmps, 
Mny. Plse rtrn 2 Bart 1605 
Forrest, DM (2 :1) 
LOST: much faith in human 
goodness, beige Dr. Scholl's 
sandals, green 10-speed 
Raleigh bike. All precious. 
Sue, 453-4162. (2:2) 

housing 
Girl Roommate needed : 2 
bdrm, 2 bath, La Jolla Village 
Apts., $80/mth, ca ll 453-8947 
after 4. (3 :2) 
Housemate wanted to share 
3 bedroom 2 bath in La Jolla, 
must be grad . $100/mo+util. 
X2528 (3:2) 

$150. Furn . 1 BR APT. PAe. 
BCH 1/2 blk. bch, ht. pool, 
utils pd 4740 Mission Blvd., 
488-8388 (4:2) 

• 

services 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 

No more club feesl 50 
Departures, also NY , Japan 
& Australia . Youth Far s, too. 
Sin e 1959 : 1ST , 323 N. 
8 verly Dr., Bev rly Hills, Ca. 
92010, (213) 275-8280 (25: 1) 

Fix your body? Paint your car . 
Expert auto body and 
fiberglass repairs . Factory 
and custom painting. 
Owned by students ... work 
done by professionals . 
Special student rates, 
Corvette specialists . 
1532 E street s.d. 234-5343 
Free estimates & People 
prices (3:2) 

TYPING Proof-read . Reports 
Term Papers Thesis 50¢ page 
BEE L YNBCH 753-7356 (5 :2) 
Still available to UC students, 
faculty, staff : THE TRITON'S 
TRIDENT at Campus 

Bookstor~ (2 :1) 

THE PLEBIAN has moved -
Still taking care of your head 
needs. Also featuring Tur-
quoise and ilver Jewelry. 834 
KLINE ST. 454-1888 -11 a.m.-6 
p.m.lmon-sat (2:2) 

Bring my desk to loA. - I' ll 
pay your gas. Call collect 
eves. 213-255-6905. Thanks. 
(2:2) 
Will share expenses any 
weekend to Bay Area. Janet 
and Robert. 755-6567. (2:1) 
Privat T nnis Instruction by 
Pro $6/ hr. $50 for series of 10 
lessons. Kim Colb rt, Tennis 
[nterpri es. Mon.- at. 274-
4200 for scheduling (2:1) 


