
-
e 

I 
Volume 16, Number 20 UmverSltY 01 California, San Diego Friday, May 26, 1972 
-SUpports 7 Points: 

McGovern: On Fairness 
Watson submits resignation; 
T. C. dissolution possible 

Da.,id &lchbindtr 

"Some peoplt' will call you a radical if you 
say that the rich should pay their fair share of 
taxes. I don't call that radical. I call it 
common sense." Those were the words of Pre-
sidential candidate George McGovern, as he 
spoke to supp0l1ers and members of the press 
yesterday in San Diego. 

In the same vein, McGovern continued, .. I 
think we have a taxpayer's revolt going on in 
America that threatens our fr" ....... nt •• rn.·i" .. 

Senator McGoYen addresHllOme :. people., . 

system. We have to listen to that anger and re-
distribute the taxes equitably." 

Closely involved with the South Dakota 
Senator 's views on tax reform, ar~ his views 
on National defense, and his plans to realign 
the economy, if elected. At a public address at 
Lindbergh Field. McGovern thanked the 300 
supporters who had turned out to greet him. 
and briefly outlined what he considers to be 
some of the crucial issues of the 1972 Pre-
sidentia I race. 

"The people of the United States want an 
end to the killing and destruction in Southeast 
Asia ." McGovern said. 

"They want to use the resources wasted 
there on building up our land at home-pro-
viding a job for every man and woman who 
needs a job." . 

"America ," McGovern continUed. "needs a 
government that puts people first . A govern-
ment that invests in life-giving enterprises. 
turning toward peace instead of war ..... The 
American people are sick and tired of the old 
politics that makes deals behind people's 
b~cks. " McGovern concluded to,his supporters 
With the words, "Americans do not want a 
rerun of 1968 in 1972. The American people do 
have a chance for leadership that can turn the 
country in a new direction. a direction which 
can be set here in California on June 6." 

At a general press conference, also held at 
Lindbergh Field. McGovern discussed the em-
Questionnaire 

ployment crisis in the California aerospace 
industry. Referring to a 250 million dollar loan 
given to the Lockheed aircraft company to 
build the Tri-Star airbus, McGovern 
remarked, "What the loan has really done is to 
guarantee that Lockheed workers will 
continue under the kind of incompetent, sloppy 
management which has caused the Congress 
to crack down on this company above all 
others. If the loan had not gone through. 
Lockbeed would have gotten a new manage-
ment, but workers would have kept their 
jobs." 

McGovern added that more jobs can be 
provided to Americans through peace-time 
endeavors, through "life-giving" invest-
ments's such as low-housing, schools and 
mass transit. 

And in an attempt to allay the fears of con-
servative economists, McGovern stated, "The 
transition from war to peace can be made 
without a recession. In the first six months 
after ending the war, if we invest 10 billion 
dollars in jobs, we can make an adequate start 
towards ending unemployment. .. 

When asked by members of the University 
press about the PRG Seven Point Program for 
ending the war. McGovern replied, " The 
Seven Point plan contains elements of a 
possible settlement. I am in favor of the Seven 
Point plan. because the only way to end the 
war is to set a date for immediate with-
drawal. .. 

McGovern concluded his press conference 
by answering a question from KFMB's Harold 
Keen , who asked whether or not it was wise 
for McGovern to advocate a "dovish" position 
on the war, since Nixon 's latest moves seemed 
to have gained the support of a majority of the 
American people . 

McGovern answered with. " Some people 
change their opinions with polls. I don 't do 
that. " 

. . . ucI tileD speak. witll tile prH •. 

Joseph Watson. Provost of 
Third College submitted his re-
signation to Chancellor William 
McElroy Wednesday evening ; 
however. at last report Dr. 
Watson is reconsidering this 
action. Watson's resignation 
reportedly stems from his dis-
agreement with Dr. McElroy 's 
position on the governance of 
Third College. Dr. Watson was 
not available for comment 
Thursday. McElroy's position 
concerning Third College was 
presented in a statement he 
released on Thursday. which 
reads as follows : 
"After four weeks of 

discussion. in which all points 
of view were solicited. I have 
reached a decision with regard 
to Third College. My. decision. 
which will be implemented. 
represents my considered 
judgment as to what is best for 
the College within the 
University of California 
system. 
. I do not believe Third College 

can survive under the present 
conditions. nor do I believe it is 
worth continuing unless it can 
be of first-rate academic 
quality and attract superior 
scholars and students. Third 
College must be an institution 
where students can receive a 
good education preparing them 
for competence in areas of 
their particular interest. This 
is the prime reason for the 
College 's existence and unless 
this is accepted, I see no reason 
to continue that existence. I do 
believe that substantive 
student involvement. with 
faculty and staff. is required to 
implement the academic plan. 
That involvement. however . 
must reinforce and s'upport the 
quality of the programs. 

My decision is summarized 
in the following basic points : 

1. The Chancellor through the 
authority of the President of 
the Universit:; and The Board 
of Regents has delegated full 
authority and responsibility for 
adminstering the College to the 
Provost. 

2. It is both possible and 
desirable that the delegated 
authority of the Provost be so 
exercisti<! within the College as 
to implement tne educational 
philosophy of the College 
without compromising the 
responsibility of the Provost. 

3. The existing relationship 
bet ween the office of the 

AS fee question to be decided 
The status of the Associated Students in the Fall Quarter is 

"not at all clear to anyone:' according to George Murphy. 
Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs. The referendum last 
quarter removed both the mandatory membership and fee for 
the Associated Students. but it did not propose an alternative. 
He said that it was not clear if students voted against a 
mandato.rv fee. the way mone~ was spent: the present AS 
leadership. or a combination of these factors. 

For this reason there are now two main issues to be 
res~lved : 1) do the students wish to support any activities 
which are now supported by AS fees? 2) what will be the voice 
of students at UCSD? 

Murphy proposes to determine the answer to the first 
que tion bv means of an activities fee questionnaire. A cop~ 
should be in each student's mailbox by toda~ . If over 50 per 
cent of the students respond to the questionnaire the results 

~Ill be used to guide funding by means of an activities fee . But 
If less respond then it is questionable whether the fees can be 
used or will be refunded to students. 

The anllWf'r to the second question is much more 

complicated. Murphy feels that there must be much discussion 
and investigation to determine possible forms by which the 
students' voice could be heard. Then after sutdents have 
advised the Chancellor. he would make the final decision. 

If elections for AS officers had been held this quarter then 
student representatives would have alreadyol>een selected. But 
elections were not held because, according to Tom Caryl. AS 
Vice-President. "it would have been really improper for us to 
hold an election." He felt that because the AS hasn 't yet been 
defined. any representatives elected might not be true 
representatives of the new AS. 

Now Murphy hopes that each dean will appoint two 
representatives. to work this summer with him investigating 
possible forms which students' voice could take. He stressed 
that it could take any of a dozen possible forms , from a small 
club. representing few. to a large organization which would 
speak for a majority of students. 

This final decision will take some time. Until then the 
activities fee questionnaire will have to determine the extent 
of student fundin • . 

Provost and significant 
numbers of students and 
faculty members in the College 
can and should be improved 
through carefully structured 
mechanisms that seek to 
address. sensitively. the vital 
concerns of all parties. 

4. A restructuring of the 
Board of Directors of the 
College. with the objective of 
delineating its role as the 
accepted representative body 
of the College. is a viable 
mechanism for improving the 
existing situation. In this 
context. the Board is advisory 
to the Provost. and the Provost 
is obliged to give the most 
careful consideration to the 
advice of the Board. 

5. The creation of a position 
uf Vice Provost, filled by a 
person who enjovs the 
confidence of both the Board 
and the Provost, will provide a 
means of moving to an 
improved climate of 
confidence within the College. 

6. The Provost, the Vice 
Provost, and the Board will 
share a commitment to the 
educational mission of the 
College and will implement the 
goals of the College in 
consonance within relevant 
campus and University 
policies. 

7. The Board of Directors : 
a. The Board will be 

restructured to consist of 
eleven (11 ) members : five (5) 
elected faculty . five (5) elected 
students. and the Provost. The 
course coordinators and the 
Vice Provost will also be 
members of the Board but 
without vote. The Provost will 
chair the Board . 

b. Principal administrative 
officers within the College, 
including department and 
program heads. the Provost 
and Vice Provost , are 
responsible to the Board for 
reporting. at regular intervals, 
on the status of the College 
including significant actions 
affecting the College. 

c. Consistent with the 
actions of the Board. decisions 
or recommendations should be 
reached within the responsible 
units of the College 
(departments. academic 
committees, and standing 
committees.) The resolution of 
unit differences outside the 
units should be avoided. 

d. Differences within the 
College. within or among units, 
which cannot be reconciled 
directly shall be referred to the 
Board for its consideration. 

e. The Provost shall 
normally support and present 
the position of the Board. In 
those exceptional cases where 
the Provost's position is at 
variance with that of the 
Board. and reconciliation of the 
two is not possible. these 
matters will be presented to 
the appropriate Vice 
Chancellor or Chancellor for 
resolution ," 

**.*.*.* The Lumumba -Zapata 
Steering Committee which in 
recent weeks has been asking 
for the resignation of Dr. 
Watson and for adherence to 
the Lumumba-Zapata guideline 
formulated at Third College 's 
inception responded to 
yesterday 's developments in an 
impromptu press conference. 
Ayda Lacere, spokeswoman. 
said the committee 's reaction 
included acceptance of Dr. 
Watson 's resignation : 2) 
rejection of Dr. McElroy's 
position on the governance of 
Third College ; 3) rejection of 
the threats about dissolution of 
Third College ; and 4) the 
desire to postpone the search 
for a new provost until the 
issue of governance of Third 
College is settled. Ms. Lacere 
said that governance of Third 
College is a critical issue and 
that it is a decision as to 
whether Third College's Board 
of Directors will be a governing 
body or simply a policy-making 
body. 

Ms. Lacere said that she 
would not like to see Third 
College dissolved. She feels 
that the Chancellor has taken a 
hard-line stance on this issue. 
Moreover. she feels that 
"we 're the legitimate Third 
College. we have abided by the 
Lumumba-Zapata demands." 

At thi same pres con-
ference , Dr. McElroy stated 
that he felt there was a "very 
definite • possibility" that 
Third College would be disso-
lved unless there can be 
" reasonable agreement' · on 
the governance of Third 
College. At a meeting with the 
Lumumba-Zapata Steering 
Committee McElroy said that 
accepting Dr. Watson 's re ig-
nation might al 0 mean the 
dissolution of Third College 
because, according to the 
Chancellor. it would be ex-
tremely difficult to replace 
him in a reasonable period of 
time. If the college wa 
di solved, ethnic programs 
would probably be instituted at 
Revelle and Muir . 

Cruising to a halt 
According to Mark mith. manager of the Coast Crui er. the 

Coast Cruiser Transport System will end operation of the bus 
after the 6: 10 p.m. run on Friday. June l . The Coast CrUiser 
will not run during finals or the summer month The 10 p.m. 
run has also been cancelled during the laH week of operation, 
May 30 to June 2. and the bus will not ru 1 on Memorial Day. 
Monday, May 29. 

PI R~ petitioners 
Attention all PIRG petitioner . Our petition drive I endillfl ilnd 
it is important that all petition , even partly filled one , be 
returned today. Be ure and turn them all in at the fl hbowlon 
Muir campus. Thank you for your help. 



Grad. study abroad 
Deadlines for applying for graduate-study-abroad 

fellowships occur in October 1972. If you will have earned your 
bacheolor's degree before June 1973. and if you wish to apply 
for a fellowship to study or carry out dissertation research at a 
foreign university in 1973-74 . please see Jean Fort . Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research. 108 MC. before you leave the 
campus for the summer holidays. to discuss the opportunities 
available to you and application procedures and requirements . 
Competition is rigorous. Serious consideration of all the 
possibilities and careful planning of a feasible and superior 
program of study or dissertation research are vital to winning 
a fellowship . 

Accompany a scientist 
The U. S. Office of Education's new Office of Gifted and 

Talented Education announced this week a competitive 
program to select gifted students in June to accompany leading 
scientists on worldwide expeditions this summer. from one to 
eight weeks. The program is jointly sponsored by USOE and 
the Explorer 's Club of New York City. a private. nonprofit 
institution. 

The first year of the program will be experimental and 
limited to 61 full or partial scholarship. 11 of which will be 
awarded to American Indians by the Bureau of Indian Affairs , 
If successful. the program will be expanded in future years. 

Students bet ween the ages of 12 and 21 will be selected . based 
on demonstrated competence and potential. evidence of good 
health and physical prowess. and financial need. 

The deadline for applications is June I. Winners will be 
announced by July 1. Because of the lateness in launching the 
program. application blanks may be requested by telephone 
from the ten USOE regional offices. 

Conservationistsfor McGovern 
A San Diego conservation group has endorsed George 

McGovern for president. 
Citizens for the Human Environment. a local environmental 

action group associated with the California chapter of the 
League of Conservation Voters. announced its support of 
Senator George McGovern this week . 

The statewide group also endorsed some candidates for 
statewide office but does not plan to make an endorsement in 
the Democratic presidential primary election. according to 
Jim Jacobson. San Diego board member of the league. 

Jacobson said McGovern received the Citizens for the 
Human Environment endorsement because of hi s progressive 
positions on environmenta l legislation. 

Walk a precinct 
Precinct walking will continue on behalf of Sen. George 

McGovern right through June 5. Students are being urged to 
call the local headquarters or check the McGovern tables on 
campus. to participate in the massive door-to-door effort 

largel~' r ponsible for McGovern primary victOries 
elsewhere 

If students Will be leaving the area In which the~"re 
registered to vote before June 6. they should call the. local 

count~ registrar of voters before l\1a\' 30 for Information on 
how to I'ote absentee , The procedure IS Simple and students 
cannot afrord to mi s thiS opportunit\· tn have a sa\' In their 

futur~ 

Films on Kepler 
A se les 01 short ftlms. made to comm morate the 400th 

annl\el san of the birth of German astronomer Johanne 
Kepler v. Iii be sllO",n dlO \JIll . Thursrl~y ,Jun 1. In l'SB 2722 

Thehowing. to be presented by Dr. :'vIartin \\ \\-Ierschin. 
Assocl.te Professor of German Literature and German 
Phllol( gy at urSD. IS free and open to the publ ic 

The :l lms are " The Stars." " The Outlawed Astronomer." 
" KepIr-r and His Work ." and " Retracing Johannes Kepler's 
Life." They were furnished to the campus by the Goethe 
Institu te of Munich. Germanv. 

Kepler. born in 1571. intended to discover .. the harmony of 
the universe" and succeeded In formulating the three 
baSIC laws of planetary motion. The rilms provide an insight 
into Kepler 's fascinating life. work . and ideas. They depict the 
interesting relationships between Keph·r ·. discoveries. 
modern astronomy. and modern surrealistic art. They also 
provide a look at the cultural background of an era of re I igious 
ten ions and political unrest 

Page 2 Triton Times May 26, 1972 

Wilson appointed to Regents position 
Corri, Richy 

What 's a nice Stanford 
graduate doing in a place like 
the University of California? 
William Wilson . newly 
a ppointed Regent of the 
University of California. a 

gone over the crest . now we! 
ean - turn our attention to 
increasing academic 
standards. " 

replied, " It taltes a long time to 
understand tbe workings of this 
Board; if a student were to be 
appointed every year. he 

student were to be appointed 
for a lit-year term. at the end of 
the term. he would no longer be 
a student.·· 

Stanford ' 37 graduate . 
admitted his "complete 
surprise" with his recently-
announced position. where he 
joins his friends William 
French Smith and Governor 
Ronald Reagan. 

" When I heard of my 
appointment my first reaction 
was one of complete humility: 
then I thought. 'Good heavens. 
how can I do a good job? '" said 
Wilson. 

Other public committees 
Wilson has served on have been 
" various hospital boards" and 
the Commission of the Cali-
fornias . where he served under 
present Lieutenant Governor 
Ed Reinecke. 

The newest Regent 
graduated with an A.B. from 
Stanford in mechanical 
engineering. but he sold his 
engineering concern in the 
early 1960's in favor of a 
ranching enterprise in northern 
Mexico. and he now maintains 
an office in Los Angeles ' 
Century City . called San 
Vicente Investments. 

Wilson believes the 
University of California " is 
heading in the right 
direction ... student unrest has 

Asked if he thought a student 
Regent would be a good ad-
dition to the Board. Wilson 

co uldn 't understand the 
workings of the Board quickly 
enou gh to be effective. And. if a 

Regent Wilson favors the 16-
year term of office for Regents 
because he feels it takes that 
long to be able to understand 
how the Board works. 

Questioned if he thought 
more women should be on the 
Board of Regents . Wilson 
replied . " It would be a good 
idea to include more women 
and more members of minority 
groups on the Board." Pre-
sently there are only two 
women on the Board . Mrs 
Randolph Hearst and Mrs. 
Edward Heller. both of whom 
are serving to fill someone 
else's unexpired term. The only 
minority group member on the 
Board of Regents is ex- office 
member Wilson Riles. State 
Superintendent of Public In· 
struction. 

Of Governor Reagan's six 
appointments to the Board of 
Regents. only one. Will iam 
French Smith, has been a UC 
alumnus (UCLAl. Wilson and 
Roger Reynolds have their 
A.B. ' s from Stanford: 
Campbell has a B.A. from the 
University of Western Ontario 
and a Ph .D. from Harvard: Dr. 
Lawrence has an A.B. from the 
Universi ty of South Dakota and 
a M.D. from Harvard : and 
Dean Watkins has a B.S. from 
Iowa State and a Ph.D. from 
Stanford . 

Grad. school application information 
Around the first of August. 1972. the 

1972173 Graduate Record Exam 
(GRE ) application packets are 
expected to be available and may be 
obtained from the testing section of the 
Registrar 's Office at UCSD. 

First week of October. 1972. or 
possibly late in September. is the 
closing date for egistering to take the 
OctoberGRE without a penalty fee. 

October and November are when 
deadline~ occur for prestigious fellow-
ships such I as the Fullbright. 
Danforth. and NSF. For information 
concerning these and others for your 
use at any U.S. graduate school. please 
see your provost 's office or Career-
Education Planning Services. 

November is when manv of the 
larger. better-known schools are 
making admission decisions and may 
require GRE scores. We recommend 
that you try to take the October GRE 
which could have a registration date 
before UCSD classes begin. 

December first is frequently the 
deadline for making application for 
financial aid from the schools to which 
you are applying. This yea r you may 
find that some schools are offering 
more loans than other kinds of 
financial aid . such as fellowships . 
teaching and research assistantships . 
If you represent a minority group . 
though. the reverse may be true . 

April 1. 1973. is the date by which 
most schools will be announcing their 
decisions. By April 15 you must make 
an accepta nce if fina ncial aid is 
involved. 

The GRE is also scheduled in 
December . January. February . April. 
and June. 

At most graduate schools . 
considerations governing admissions 
are the applicant 's upper-division 
scholastic record in college : GRE 
scores (or the appropriate 
professional -school examination. e,g .. 
Admission Test for Graduate Study in 

Business ): a nd letters of 
recommendation . Such letters are 
usually written by professors who can 
com ment on the student 's 
performance in class . commitment to 
the field . potential for graduate work. 
and other personal qualifications. If 
none of your professors knows you well 
enough for this purpose. you still have 
time to develop such relationships. 

Faculty members and graduate 
students in your field ca n be good 
sources of information concerning 
graduate schools. If you are puzzled as 
to where to apply . discuss your 
particular interests with some of these 
people ; if you are really stumped. talk 
with your provost ; consult college 
catalogs and/or graduate bulletins for 
program deta ils : then get in touch with 
the academic department itself (direct 
your letter to the Graduate Admissions 
Chairman . Department of 
----------). 

""""""'M'£"][1c"o"'''''"'''''' 
Travel ~h:il.e 

you 8"tudy 
&U~D1er 

••••••••• 

FOR 'W'EEKS 
$485 

UNIVERSITY OF M~::~O CITYI====_ 
• Transportation 
• Tuition 
• A cco mmod ation s 

Por fu.rther in,£o. 
""rite or call: 
Tenochtitla n · Mexico Travel Agenc y 
Box 2'6279 . L.A .. CA 0026 
(213) ~~7;6235 

Featuring the only pro fessional Shakespearean 
the Wes t Coast, performine in I functionina 
onglnal Globe Playhouse. 

PRODUCING DIRECTOR. CRAIG NOEL 

.MERRY 
WIVES OF 
WINDSOR 

LOVE'S 
lJ1BOUR'S 

LOST 
KING 

RICHJ1RD 
III 

DIRECTED BY DIRECTEO BY DIRECTED BY 
JACK O'BRIEN ERIC CHRISTMAS EDW~RD PAYSON C~Ll 

NIGHTLY except Monda,., 8:30. Matinees Wed nesday. Sat· 
urday & Sunday. 2:00 p.m. Festival entertainment bellins 
hall hour before evening performances on the sreensward 
fronting the Old Globe Theatre. 
TICKET PRICES: Fri. & Sat. eves., $6.00 & $5.50; Tues., 
Wed., Thurs., Sun. eves., $5.50 .. $5.00; Wed .. Sat., Sun. 
mats .• $5.00 & $4.50; Stud.nts thru high school, $2.50 
(mats. only) . Group discounts: 234-3601 
INFORMATION .. RESERVATIONS: 239-2255 

BALBOA PARK olb globt tt,totrt SAN DIEGO 

Thrills and Future Scientists 
Jon; Garwood 

ew York's Film Festival. brought especially for sporting 
fans at UCSD last Saturday was certainly thrill at every 
twisting voluptuary - just like at Disneyla n. 's " It 's A Small 
World " where there is a thrill at every tur. of the magical 
boat. Each flick was a precious jewel within it elf . radiating an 
essence not unlike Jimmy teaching the Mo ;keteers a new 
dance step, 

This is no indication that the films did not meet the 
expectations of the erotic, I mean exotic minds in the gym . No 
indeed. The first film . a silent cartoon. illustrated the right 
combination of sado-masochism peppered with a cast of 
humorous little tykes displayi ng a wide variety of antics in 
both Heaven and Hell . It was the depiction of Hell that put the 
unsuspecting audience in a state of turmoil. Such hideous 
apparitions brazenly confronting the eyeball. Never mind the 
18 year old limit for admission. This was too much. To whom 
should they turn to for salvation? Salami. Allah. Satanismis. 
Luciferous. Appollyon . Mephisto. Beelzebub? Krishna. 
Brahma . Vishnu. Rama? Jesus Christ! Well . that seemed to do 
the trick. because the next film was certainly safe enough. 
Only a minimal amount of panting, scratching . pulling. and 
cavorting in a pile of feathers stark nykid ... 

One film . made for mothers and the soft at heart . artistically 
portrayed every nook and cranny of a smiling inCant. 
Unfortunately. most of the guys oohing and ahhing didn't kDOW 
that it was an infant until the very end of the flick . Cradle 
snatchers . 

Li terature buffs got a real sweet treat from the "The Millers 
Tale". extracted from Chaucer 's CaDterbury Tales. Despite 
the fac t that the narrator sounded like he just had his tongue 
removed. the photography was good. particu larly when Allison 

The 
Graven Sage 

Said: 
"/ pray you be 
os sand upon Ihe beach; 
(he space between 
the mather of life ; 
and the parched taker of it. " 
Afler several minutes : 
"And this." 
pointing to a sandy spire, 
" /s (he pinnacle of yo ur 

knowledge. 
if yo u will be accept it; 

for Ihe sun 
is that which shall laugh 
at your pride 
tiJl the sand crumble, 
and Ihe spiree fall ." 
He wos a withered mon , 
whose hand could nol 
moum the sand 
as mine could ; 
though he tried ... 

Rofael 

got egg smashed all over her pretty face. For those unfamiliar 
with Chaucer, it must have been a shock to discover that a 
writer of talent existed in the 14th centu ry. No doubt there 
will be a mad rush to the bookstore to see what else old 
Chaucer had up his sleeve ... 

There was something for everybody. In one film there was a 
girl (who appeared to be in a catatonic-paranoic· 
schitzophrenic·type state ) staring in the mirror while her 
unctuous hiar was being brushed. Now. in the same film. mind 
you , there was a snake in a bathtub. naked girls in a closet. a 
flash of several hands grappling with the paralyzed face of our 
heroine. a staircase. and Baroque music throughout the entire 
script . Not only that. but the entire film was in black and 
white. It is this author 's opinion that neither Freud nor Jung 
could have so cleverly displayed what that film so cleverly 
displayed. 

Remember "The Stripper"? Yes. that cute little bundle ot 
nerves modestly peering into the full length mirror? This film 
obviously came from a true porno house. the kind that corrupts 
shy boys into the guileless sailors stationed in San Diego . 
Gasp! However. this film was almost last . and by that time the 
audience was really searching for a message in the films -
good music . photography - anything. The stripper had 
appeared too late in the evening for anybody to appreciate her 
eroticism . So much SkiD had already been shown. so many 
things. stomaches . necks. hands. and feet , that when it finally 
got down to the Ditty gritty, it was lost on a bored. apathetic 
crowd not in the least bit interested in discovering nev. 
territory. Some future scientists! 

Films on Campus 
Tonight a series of short 

films from the Comedy Era of 
the past will be presented. The 
show will consist of eleven 
films . ranging from ten to 
twenty minutes each. It will 
star W.C. Fields in the Barber 
SIIop and The Great Chase, and 
Charles Chaplin in LaugbiDg 
Gas , plus many other old time 
favorites including Mae West . 
Rudolph Valentino. Laurel and 
Hardy. Betty Boop. Keystone 
Kops. Our Gang. Abbott and 
Costello . and the Three 
Stooges. There will be two 
showings tonight in USB 2722 at 
7:30 and 10:30 p.m. All this is 
offered to you for the 
amazingly low price of 50¢ . 

This Saturday night. the 
UCSD Film Board is 
presenting some of the fine t 
films in short subject 
entertainment. Four of the nine 
films to be shown ha ve 
received Academy awards . 

while the remaining five have 
received acclamation from 
other international festivals . 
The Oscar winners to be shown 
are : "Why Man Creates" 
which has also received sixteen 
other international awards : 
"The Golden Fish" from 
France : " Glass " from 
Denmark : and " The Critic " 
from the United States, The 
other films to be shown are 
" The Universe". " Binary Bit 
Patterns ". .. UFO" and 
" Enigma" by UCSC's Ken 
Knowlten . and "Seven 
Surprises". "Seven Surprises" 
is a sequence of the finest films 
produced by the National Film 
Board of Canada. This series 
has won several a wards. both 
Cor individual shorts and as a 
complete sequence. Due to the 
length of this program. there 
will beoneshowing only at8 :oo 
pm. May 27th in USB 2722. 
Admission is $1 .00. 

, 

• HUSBANDS 
A Show of Prints 
by Becky Cohen 

May 2510 June 1 Me Building 605 
Hours 11-4 Studio B 

o CINatALEO 
944 GARNET, SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

GREAT OLD MOVIES 
LAST NIGHT 
NCMSHOWING 

The AO\'E~Tl'RE, of 
ROBI:\ 11000 

Errol Flynn Ol,vio de HaVIlland 
Bo,,1 Rathbone Cioude Ra In, 

CO·HIT 
AR E~IC and OLD LACE 

488-3353 

Cory Grant Peter lorre Raymond MOuey 
Mo, 27')u .. I 

SAN rRA~CI CO 
Clark Goble Jeane"' MacDonald Spencer T,ocy 

CO-HIT 

" .\O.HI ATA~ 
lIll ian ROlh dncted by 

Kay Johnson CKil B. 0 ..... ,11. 
In;., the IU .... ' .. m' (~.,.t in ... tl .. 

Mon.·ThuII. 7 & 9 Adm. SUO Fri. & Sot. 7,9 , & 11:00 

''We'" .1 .. 
.... 01 CIl. .. orr 

,~1"ODUC:/~O 

He'. X raled Ind animattd! 
NO 0frM: UNDf:911 l ' ADtUma 

EXCLUSIVE 
engagement, 
now playing 

The 
Amazing 

Amalgamated 
Amorphus 

Thur. - Fri. -Sat 
from 8P.M. 

at 
The Anomaly Factory 

TICKETS 
available at 

the Urey Hall 
Box Office and 

at the Door. 

A.S. MOVIES 
Friday 5 (26 

COMEDIES OF THE 
PAST 

Starring: Keaton , Chaplin, Our Gang, Mae West, 
W.C. Fields, Rudolph Valentino ... 

7:30 - 10:30 USB 272.2 
Saturday 5 (27 

AWARD WINNING SHORTS 
Seven Surprises, Why Man Creates, 

The Critic, plus 10 more! 
7:30 USB 2722 51 

ENTERTAINMENT 
BOTH NIGHTS AT THE 

COFFEE HUT 
PLUS 

SPAGHETTI SPECIAL $1 .05 
includes salod 

and bread 

May 26, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



, 
, 

triton tiDles 
Ullillllity of CIIifomiI, SIft .,. 

La ..... CIIifomia 12037 
171.) 8-2000, txt. 1016, Adnrtilint txt. 1017 

Molly Selvin, Editor-in-Chief Terry Barak, 6u$iness Manoger 

file ............ Wew .. ...,.,.Ity the TiltON TIMES WiteriaI ~. AI .... .... 
....... ell this ,... _ t'- .I 'the INthen .-. __ ..,.. in the 1IyIiMt, aNI • not 
--'r rel.ct the ..... the TilTON TIMES. Anyene dniri,. lelUltrnit material t. be ",Wished in 
this IICIien _lei .l1li it Ie the "it •• DirectaJ, TilTON TIMES, 11711a1!. Hall, UCSO. 
Support 

Student 
The A.S. referendum showed that 

students at UCSD do not want 
mandatory membership in the A.S. 
next year. Vice-Chancellor George 
Murphy feels however that students 
wish to continue to support some 
student organizations in the fall . To 
determine what organizations 
students wish to support the Vice-
Chancellor is sending out an 
Activities Fee questionnaire. This 
should be filled out and returned by 
June 2. If ever 50 percent of the 
students return the questionnaire it 
will become effective and binding . 
Otherwise its legality is foubtful. 

This summer there will be 
meetings between Vice-Chancellor 
Murphy and students apPointed by 
the colleges to investigate possible 
forms of student voice in long range 
planning.l nthe fall findings will be 
presented to the Chancellor for his 
decision lIS to what form of student 
voice will be chosen. 

" The fundamental issue of the 
expression of student voices on 
campus must now be addressed, /I 
stated Vice-Chancellor Murphy. " A 
new model must be defined for the 
future." 

The TRITON TIMES urges every 
student to fill out the Activit ies Fee 
questionnaire. In particular we urge 
you to support the funding of the 
campus communications media . The 
media has had a difficult time 
obtaining adequate funds this year. If 

Activities 

severe cutbacks are made the 
TRITON TIMES and all other 
campus media will face serious, if 
not deadly prolems of existence. 

We also recognize the need for 
continued support of many of the 
programs that have previously been 
supported by A.S. fees . Such 
activities as films, lectures, concerts 
and dances will be severely curtailed 
if not completely halted If funding is 
not forthcoming. This campus is very 
isolated, and we feel that the 
atmosphere at UCSD would become 
sterile if these cease to exist. 

The TRITON TIMES urges you to 
support student organizations by 
indicating such on the questionnaire. 

At the same time we are concerned 
with the tremendous control Vice-
Chancellor Murphy will have over 
the funding of student activities. We 
caution the students to be as aware of 
the funding procedures as possible, 
and not allow the Vice-Chancellor to 
act on his personal feelings in this 
matter. 

Be sure to fill out the questionnaire 
and return it before June 3. It is vital 
to the future of this campus that the 
students voice their opinions on this 
crucial issue. 

triton times 
Editor-in-Chief Molly Sel.in City Editor 
Men'Ains Editor Cemy Sharic:k AllOt. Cit. Editor 
BUlinell Men'Aer Terry Barak Copy Editor 
Arta Editor Corrie Rickey Editoriel Director 
Photo"rephy Editor Joe t:astern Sports Editor 

David Buchbinder 
lohnMuwell 

Chuck Grahem 
MlII'k SieAel 

Mike Rath 
Michael Greene New. Deportmtnl Alit. Business Msr. 

Jonl C;.rw0Q4 ,helot'oph .. , Arti... And, E .Iobroolt 
.M:~ Drom Milot S .. mo C ..... ty M. Co<o. Pol SI"', 
Marl< Mo",gko MM:hotl GrHnt Milot M,K,nney 
Kothy KIu.H Am o.,.,'mtnl ltono,d Monl.lIono Cheryl Eiholl 
Kevin OlJOn Mo,~ Si~el P,ocIve'Ht" OovV !e~r,Qn 
Monuel Htrnondtr Don Spol"., Do,id !u,hbind.r Adverti.l", Deporlmenl 

R th Sit knni. Motnor.d 
Honnah Cohen TU l I:e~, rom Milt, S,smQ Guilltrmina Velez 

om In<mefQ Mork Lisko 
Copy I .. de.. C",h M CO'OI Sports Deporlmenl SI.ve Cohen 
Il,.bbi .. "nnt~nmt' r~ Kathleen Woodward Mark Lisko Terry Porter 
GI,,,,o S(hlotter Tim HirKh Mork Youna 

n. TlIIOIIIIMIS is oIIKioIIy '" .... 04 .. t ....., -.,.r ~, .. <-..i,oI_ t .. r~ t4 
... UoiY_oiIy t4 < ...... , leo DIttt, ...... ne, ......... (_, l .... , ( .. ~ •• ".". 
, ......... is twit • ......, .1..., •• 4 h.,.. 0IIk .... to.., .. io r_ Ill . • "', III, 
........ (_. For .""IfIiIiot ....... tSl· • . lIt17; lor ..... iII " ......... 1111. 

ORGANIC 

Chicano Students 
for McGovern 

UCSD Chie.no Students for McGovern 
On June 6 tbe outcome of the California primary will 

probably determiDe no the Democratic Party Presidential 
candidate wiD be. In a close race, wbicb now almost appean to 
be a certainty, a unified ChicaDO vote caJt detennine the 
winner. This letter is addressed to the Chicano students wbo 
could orpnize a unified aucaDO vote for SENATOR GEORGE 
MCGOVERN if we're wiUi.., to put out the effort. 

CHICANO STUDENTS FOR MCGOVERN is just that -
CHICANO STUDENTS FOR MCGOVERN. As such we offer no 
explanations or apologies for the past behavior of the 
Democratic Party toward Chicanos. Once every four yean the 
Democrats sought Chicano votes; once every four years for the 
most part they received them; the benefits to the ChicaDO 
community for these past votes are hard to find. We 
disassociate ourselves from this past history - we are not 
stumping for the Democrats. We are trying to induce support 
for an indivMluaI trying to get the Democratic Presidential 
nomination. 

SO WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE? 
The difference is a war that keeps going and going and going. 

The difference is an economic system that labels you inferior 
and lazy if you don 't work and collect welfare, but at the same 
time does not insure jobs for everyone. The difference is a tax 
structure where Governor Reagan pays nothing and the big 
corporations such as General Motors and Standard Oil pay 
relatively little while the lower and middle classes pay the 
highest percentage of relative income. The difference is a 
system of social values : which spends more for surplus war 
machines than for education, medical care, improving 
conditions in the cities and for our impoverished rural 
populations. 

Oa t~ OR IIucl 
These differences have not only adversely affected the 

Chicano, the majority of whom live in the barrios and among 
the poorest of rural populations, the migrant farmworker: but 
they have also created hardship, discontent and alienation 
among the anglo population. These differences have created a 
split within the Democratic Party. On the one hand there is 
SENATOR GEORGE MCGOVERN and those he represents . 
On the other is big labor, which supports Humphrey ; that part 
of the business community which supports the Democratic 
Party ; and most of all the established Democratic Party 
political structure. TIle old DelllGCl'ltic PlI1y poIlllclul 
realize wMI GEORGE MCGOVERN represeDtl alld Il1ey're 

"Ite...,~. 
Chicanos who deal with the anglo power structure. not TIO 

TACO politicians(most of whom will support Humphrey ). but 
REAL CHICANOS such as CESAR CHAVEZ realize that 
something is happening in anglo politics. CESAR CHA VEl has 
publicly given his FULL ENDORSEMENT and SUPPORT to 
SENATOR GEORGE MCGOVERN. CESAR. who has spent his 
entire life struggling against an exploitive economic system , 
realizes MCGOVERN 's commitment to a realistic guaranteed 
minimum income and jobs for all who want to work is a sure 
way to end the exploitation of the farm workers. 

In recent years Chicano college students have aligned 
themselves with those working for CHICANO CONTROL of the 
CHICANO communities. MCGOVERN is NOT running against 
CHICANO POWER or those who represent it such as La Raza 
Unida. Chicano support for MCGOVERN is the 
acknowledgement that even with control over our communities 
we will still have to deal with the anglo society. It is to our 
benefit to have state and national political leaders with whom 
we will not have to spend all our time and effort protecting 
ourselves against. 

CnclaJ Weeks Allead 
The lext two weella will be crucial for determining the 

winner in the CALIFORNIA PRIMARY. It is TRULY 
UNFORTUNATE that when the outcome could be so important 
to Chicanos it may be all willIe 11110 It.deDIi trying to get 
Chicano votes. Yes it is white high school students and white 
college students and white middle class people that are 
walking precincts in the barrios. because Chicano students are 
not responding to the importance of this election that will 
affect our lives and the lives of our families . 

As Chicano College students we have a reponsibility to try 
and lead the CHICANO COMMUNITY in the way that best 
benefits it. To simply ignore the election since it is between 
two anglo Democrats. when the outcome could have such a 
beneficial or adverse impact on Chicanos is an abnegation of 
that responsibility . 

A CHICANO OFFICE for MCGOVERN FOR PRESIDENT is 
having a GRAND OPENING. THURSDAY. MAY 24. 1972 at 
2169 National Ave .. San Diego. California . 

May 27. 28. 29. June 2 and 3 are crucial days. Come help us by 
walking the CHICANO PRECINCTS. We desperately need your 
help these next two week ends. 

If you live in South Bay or North County contact 
MCGOVERN FOR PRESIDENT offices at \036 3rd Ave .. 
Chula Vista . 425-0150 : or 426 W. Washington. Escondido. 747-
8005 : 

The MCGOVERN FOR PRESIDENT HEADQUARTERS IS 
LOCATED AT 505 Hotel Circle. Mission Valley : Phone. 291-
8903 . Chicano Students for McGovern for President 

~;TRA WBERRIES 
The Vegetable Shop BODY KOVERS 

East on Via De La Valle on the 
Way to Rancho Santa Fe 

,Ite hs, s.lecti.1I ill N •• COUll" 
1448 Camino Del Mar 
DelMar 
755·3557 

The Univ n Enemy To Learning 

Regardless of wn.lteV!r"i~er:;It 
mayor may not 
to prov ide the 
Guess again. As 
consideration, the ~LUaetl.1IO 
enemy to learning . 

The University begins 
education, one we have 
that it's doubtful how 
are alternatives. 
faculty alike. In 
weeks to hear a 
assigned material. 
things . Teacher or book 
boring, and it is for 
himself to cram 
Departments are son'~I;,AI 
to assign tpa,rhpr< tIr.n,rPViIOUS 
experience. are DallIPt". "llp 
there any student who " "nll,.h 
number of these?, 
becomes, "Who can 
that dreadful book or COIlli.I:lur,e ·! 

It varies - some . 
can't stand it and eve:rvIlAr,ewllere 
in between. But 
a student must IIPr<:pu,.,,~. 
four topics for 
day out. and K~!I'~ra", 
much else. I have nev,,,.Henl 
does not get sick of 
the quarte r . 
question of who can 
and do it anyway. 

Past 
Those stu den ts 

experiences caused them 
habits conducive 10 
perseverance. long 
saturation level on a 
variety of thought . do 
But what about 
restless with an 
mental fare? 
atmosphere emp,hasiUil 
qualities , this is a dea,iltll,lich 
swim with difficulty. 

And such people who 
or, if you like .. mold , 
away, mislabeling lack 
intelligence. This is a 
since our 
stronghold of nun~anlsm 
leader of moveme~t 
civilization. In 
academicians so 
imagination that 
university to accomeKlale 
mind and thought peIll.able 
divising approaches 
individuals. to make 
instead can only dispose 
pressed through thiS 
pathetically primitive 

Not only do they rr" __ ""n,, 
futures, and 
people , a monstrous enoq. lI.seli 

from a practical standpoint. they are grossly 
wasting humans as a resource. Just as 
biological communities flourish best where 
diversity of life produces many types of 
interactions , stabilizing , enriching the 
spectrum of nutrients available. so diversity 
of minds and approaches enhances the 
avenues and possibilities of our society's 
creativity. But instead our universities are 
exhibiting the behaviour characteristic of any 
civilization's institutions, artistic or scholarly. 
which having become rigid and ritualized in 
fonn and style, are soon nonviable. In a time 
when extreme rate of change particularly 
calls for new ideas, thought styles and . above 
all, flexibility, we arc hell·bent to ('rank out 
one type of mind and reject the resl' 

Play Poker 
Next, the university will play a form of 

poker with you where you have up to a certain 
time to drop a class or see it through. In other 
words, you reach a point where you must 
either decide to fold your hand. forfeiting 
whatever you've put in, or take the all-or-
nothing risk of a satisfactory grade . Most of us 
are so accustomed to this farce Ihat the 
ridiculousness of the situation escapes us. The 
University should be aiding the students' 
learning attempt , not harrying hlln with a 
timed obstacle course! Learning can be 
difficult enough without punitive games on top 
of it. 

It must be said, however . that the 
University presently does have a second mode 
of education, an alternate way for a student to 
show ability. This is the 199. In this. professor 
and student can interact closel\' . a more 
suitable method for some minds. Ii provides a 
professor a chance to find out whal thl'student 
in question can do. whether he hasn 't the 
ability or just is not well-suited til Ihe first 
method, whether his grades arl' . In fact. 
reflecting his ability. Wonderful. you say . But 
now we come to the good part : the student who 
does not perform well in the particular method 
used in our educational system is barred from 
doing such a project. 

For those of you who didn 't think It exists. 
here is a real-life, honest·~o-goodncss Catch-
22: the person who npeds an alternate path 
more suited to hi s learning style can 't do one 
because he has not performed welll ~ the first 
method , while the person who doe sn 'l need to 
because he has already proved himself. can! 
This incredible absurdity would be' hilarous 
were it not for the fact that the lives of these 
unlucky people are being damaged . their only 
alternate avenue in the rigid educalional path 
blocked by an indifferent universit~ And here 
we have it. 

There is no excuse for this disgraceful state 
of affairs ; there is no reason wh~ a society 
with our supposed sophistication cannot 
generate creative, multi-faceted. more 
humane ways of developing our van cd Iypes of 
individuals. rather than adding them to the 
numbers of frustrated , rejected people we 
have now. There is no reason we cannot make 
the most of them . to their benefil and ours . 
rather than socially annihilating them 
mindlessly. 

Last Dance 

Social events this 
performers such as 
Railroad Gin . Jaga. 
Gnarly Beast. Solid 
Albert Collins. 
Roughriders. The 
also produced Fr 
movies and the Coffee 

l NEW ClIlRlT OFFERING 
l SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT. •• 
FOOD AND DRINK SEiVIO 
DlllYFROM 11:00.111 
UNTll2:00-. 

The A.S. program Boara WtlllOSI;! Il" lunding 
next year because of voluntary fees so thiS 
may be the last dance for quite a whll(' 

The to, ... 1 cost of A.S. entertainment this 
year was 10.000 dollars. 5000 tud('nts paid 2 
dollars of their 18 dollar per year A.S. Fee for 
these events. 

UC \) is an isolated campus with little 
surround ing community . It needs to generate 
entertai nment services that are nOI available 
elsewhere for students. SOc mo\ leS: Free 
Dances and Noon Concerts: Col I ee house 
enterta inment ' The 2 dollars vou save next 
year could be spent on a couple 01 six pacs to 
drive away the boredom . 

Charles Unkeless 
Social Events Chairman 

A.S. Program Board 

c:;':':':':':':':':': ':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:;:;:;:.:.:;:;:.:;:.:.:.:.:.::~::: 

\\\ PRE.LAW STUDENTS \\\\ ~ ~ 
::: REGISTER NOW FOR THE OCTOBER LSAT REVIEW :::: 
::: COURSE TO MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT SCORE. Inltruction :~: 
::: txcluliv.ly in .xam taleing techniques used luccellfully :::i 
i:: by Colifornia pre.law Itud.nll. Taught in San Diego by ::3 
::: practicinglawy.rs. Cost: $75. :;:; 
::: c..n. fer OCTOIII 21 LSAT .... , OCTOIII •• FOI :::: 
::: COMPLm 0CT0aI ::: 

OPEN: Sun.-Fri. 19 to 4 Sat. 10: 30 to 12 4970Voa.TAIIiOCIAN.AOI ::: 'l'OlMAnOl, CALL TODAY. (213)655-1"'. ;~: ~JI~.::.J!::!!~ _____ ~(~7.:'4:)~2~U::-97~7:.3 __ ... ~::.:.:.:;:.:.:;:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:_:.:.:_:;:.:;:;:.:::.:::;:.:::;:.:.:_:.>:_:.:.:_:_:.:.:_:.:.:.:.:.:.:_:.:.:.:.:.:.:_:.:.:.:.:.::: 
Page 4 Triton Times May 26, 1972 

COMMUNITY BlOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
fo, service 

DR MICHAEL DEAN'S HYP-
NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory can· 
centration , Educa'ional sug· 
gestions .... eight reduction. 
stop smllking. relaxation. 
athletics', available at the 
UCSD Bookstore. Also Dr. 
Deon's books. TUft. ' Sat. 

9:45-S:30 
W_nWtk_ · 

Why Do We Jump to Conclu-
sions? The Closed Mind, How 
10 LeRen Misvnderslanaings, 
ond Under5landing and Being 
Understood. 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

I 
:/ 1 II 

J 

Copy Center of ASC 

r.f."t4' ( ................... _. 
( ArtM ...... '....,1 ........ ) 

PIIONE 287-3707 
OPD I ,.,... pit[ til,," - 713""" ~ 

SAftlRDAY 10M - I:/III1't' 
., 

BOOK BINDING OFFm PRINTING ... ·TYPING SERVICES 
lIlt' !lelec.-tric." 

Here it is, the first of the 
year. You 've got those 
01 d S p ri n g -Qua rter-
Where-Am -I-Going-To-
Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night. you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, mp RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LImE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: "you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as 572.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you 'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in Ihe billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you're 

,-can 
lIVe 
as 
cheaplY 
as 
one • 

SPECIAL NOTICE 
Due to large demand 

for tickets to the 
II no rna 111 Fa~to"l1 

spring show, it is advised that people 
purchase tickets in advance at U rey Hall 

Box office. 
Ticlctts will Itlltbt 011 sale at 1M door 

SUMMER MUSIC SPECTACULAR! 

B. B.IlING 
and 

Special Guest Stars 

ELCHICANO 
OHIO PLAYERS 

FRIDA Y 7 & 10:30 JUIE 2 
SAl DIEGO COLISEUM 

1485 "E" Street 
Tickets: $4 (advance) $5 (at door) 

Phone: 232·4735 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like . .. like fully built-in kitchens, 
terrific bedrooms. carpeting, drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And , perhaps 
best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as edravagantly as one ... and after aU , 
aren't two heads better than one? 

May 26, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



~ Mesa assistant selected 
as head basketball coach 

Summer recreation 
Mark Lisko 

The city of San Diego is beginning to wind up for summer and 
as a result. there is a plethora of new programs on the market 
for San Diego residents. 

, The first one is for all the young geniuses on campus - or 
little brothers. cousins. etc. San Diego is offering a five·week 
junior lifeguard program for people 11·16 years old beginning 
June 26. Special emphasis is placed on safety. skill and good 
Judgement. and the prupose is to familiarize youngsters with 
the beach. Try·outs are scheduled for May 20 and May '}J at the 
Kearny Mesa swimming pool. Artillery Drive and Armstrong 
Street. Individuals Interested in the program may call 224·2709. 
extension nine for more information and try-out appointments. 

Also in the water. for all you SCUBA nuts . at the Mission 
Beach Plunge (plunge. what is a plunge?) there will be a new 
recreation skin and SCUBA diving program. Monday evenings 
from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. If you want to go. be at least 12 years of 
age. bring your own equipment and hold a ca rd certifying that 
you ha ve successfully completed officiall y recognized SCUBA 
trai ning. The program will run through Aug. 28 and the only 
charge is regular admission to the pool. If you desire 
information. call 236-5720. . 

Now. getting out of the water and into the sun there will be 
tennis lessons for beginners or players who ~ish to learn 
fundamentals. The lessons are available to individuals from 8· 
17 years of age. The program offers 10 twice· weekly lessons of 
45 mmutes duratIOn each. are limited to eight pupils per class. 
First session begins June 12 and the second begins July 17. The 
only cost is $5 , and signups start May 22. For more information 
on where the lessons will be offered call 236-5717. 

And lasl but not least. the Dawn Busters are here. This is the 
latest jogging and exercise group to hit the "early morning 
trail. " The group is sponsored by the Serra Mesa Recreation 
Center al Village Glen and G1encollum Streets. and if you 'd 
like to JOin . show up Monday through Friday mornings at either 
5: 15 or 6 a.m. The program is free and if you are interested and 
confused ca ll 278-4022. 

Mik. Roth 
Dr. Will iam Reeves. an assistant basketball 

coach at Mesa College. will succeed Barry 
Cunningham as the head Varsity Basketball 
Coach of UCSD for the 1972-73 season it was 
announced yesterday. Dr. Reeves was 
selected by a committee comprised of four 
students and Howard Hunt, head of the 
Physical Education Depa rtment. 

1965. His playing experience includes two 
years at Pepperdine College as well as playing 
for his Army Regiment Team. He received his 
bachelor's degree from San Diego State and 
his doctorate in human behavior from USIU 
this year. 

Dr. Reeves, 38 years old. joined the Mesa 
coaching staff in 1966. Prior to his appoint· 
ment to the Mesa coaching staff. Dr. Reeves 
coached the La Jolla Vikings from 1959 to 1966. 
bringing them to the CIF playoffs in 1964 and 

The selection committee was comprised of 
John May. cha irman. Ron Werfl . Bruce 
Breatbewaite. and Pete Henderson. all 
members of the basketball team. and of 
course Howard Hunt . Of approximately 50 
candidates. the committee narrowed the field 
down to six of which they interviewed. and 
selected Dr. Reeves last week. 

Soccer players 
receive honors 

Mike Roth 
One UCSD soccer player. his outstanding play at the 

Triton goalie Robert Van Valin . fullback position. 
was selected during the week In the interesting'statistic 
to first.team all.league status department. although the team 
in the San Diego Intercollegiate finished in Fifth place. they de-
Soccer League. He was feated three of the four teams 
nominated by Mesa Coach Noel ahead of them. including the 
Rozelles and was a near.unan. league champion . Mesa 
imous choice. College. 

Three other members of the .............. ....... , 
socce r t eam r ece iv ed · Our ll rh year of "'; 
honorable mention. Mark : LOW COST FLiCIITS . 
Schneider. the only fullback in :. for ,tuclent'. Examples: '" 
the league witb a beer belly. to ROME SI70.500W: 
received the honor for his de- : to LONDON $166.00 OW: 
pendability and hard charging : London·TEt AVIV 85.90 OW: 
style. Halfback Bob Goe '" London·ATHENS 66.30 OW", 
received honorable mention for : London·NAIROBI 173.00 OW: 
his constant mot ion and '" H .... ttIs ,I tltpart." datos : 
untiring attitude. Paul KOhne. ; .n4l1osfinatiOllI. 
the team 's leading sco~er . reo • RsrmIAfrTR~~ftell:~ i 

on€n€ss 

~ubtle pl'ndanl as an expre~slon of 
the Spirit of an emcr~mg age \\ Ilich 
slmc~ 10 U"'(~ mankmd thru recoil · 
(1l.atlon and IOH 
Slerling ,1I"r" Ilh 24" challl .!1 b.OO 
14k-dim, goId"'lh14"challl . ~32 00 

Cald, or",-' rt .... d..·n t. ~l ; .~. ~I<", t il \ 
Cun~llIh~:nl"f\ (,I I ... I ,~ 
I~ \ \ C ~O l I L!l I)L~IC \ CD 
14!! SOUlt \ k I'IIlJ!I{I\ \\ 'L\Ll 
\1 0 \ 11 IlL) P'\R~ C \111 '1I;H 
III'", "'~"I\ lelk \~,,,,, ",. 1. .1.\1(\'1 11 

Raffle 
winner! 

Gary Becker wishes to 
announce that the winning 
icket for the women's swim 
eam bicycle raffle has been 
~rawn . The winning ticket is 
~91 . get that. 3491. The winner 
an pick up the bike in the 

pbysical education departmen 
"ffices upon presentation of 

~ir ticket stub. 

PIK 
GEIE HACKMAI 

IAiEN BLACK 
IllS .IISTOFFEISON 

All :30.MD 11 : n 
PlUS SlCllNO fUll·UM"" flATU'! 

ADAM AI 6 A.M. 
ATI:30 M lY 

PACIfIC ClAST..., A' 'I' n. 
mAlTAI 7SJ.43tJ 
PHPU $1.Je • eROS II' 

Six Weeks of Study 
& Fun in Mexico 

JULY 11- AUG. 20 

celVed honorable menllon for : (213)277.5200.r '7'.3111 : 
m •••••••••••••••• m~~"~75~S_~'~aM~0II~k~.~8.~ •• ~vo~rIY~Hi~"I~.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!~ ~ ~~.c ••••••••••••••••• 
• PREPARATION FOR SUMMER • 

Higb Scbool. College Students 
& Teacbers 

Accredited classes in Spani h. 
Mexican Culture, Art , Music. 
etc. at beautiful Monterry. 
Tec . Tuition, bOlrd. room. 
laundry and trips-$425. For 
details, contact Dr. Martin. 
Hollywood Htgh School. 1521 
N., Hillhland Ave .. 
Hollywood. CA . 90028 
2 Sem es ter s High Sc hool 

Credit 

: LSAT : 
• NOW ENROLLINC • e . Prrp,r" .on lor fti'S r~U l rtO for .Clm tss,on fo e 
e . ~lI"S:~:,~~a::uSr~::O'\ smalltr groups e 
• 

• Unl. m 'tel laot ItUOns lor reVre", 
• COU r Sf> m Aler l, 1 constantly uOd.ftd e e · Hom e ""urt¥' fTl llfpna l pr!'pttr!o D~ !ltg!r,\ .n@lat"llt IO e 

• "AN"'" . ..,CAN :$I • 
• EOUeA TlONAL CENTER Since 1938 • 

6 College Credits • I N SA N D IEGO AREA (711d 274-9630 • 
..... _ ... _ ....... ril •••••••••••••••• [i] 

BIG 
CONCERT OF THE YEAR! 

ella fitzger 
TommyFlanaganTrio . 

countbasie 
& HIS ORCHESTRA 

I-·nne Performance Only 
IWtK!oesda". May31. 8 :30 P.M. Civic Theatre 

3rd - " BOO Streets 
San Diego 

TI CKETS; 57.50, 6.50, 5.50, 4.50 on sale at Civic Theatre BOK Office, Highlander 
Men's Store - all Metro Ticket Agencies. 

MAil ORDERS ACCEPTED 

The 
Amazing 

Amalgamated 
Amorphus 

236·6510 

This Sat.-Sun. 
fromSP.M. 

at 
Tbe Anomaly Factory 

Page 6 Triton Times May 26, 1972 

TICKETS 
available at 

tbe Urey Hall 
Box Office and 

at tbe Door. 

UN IVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

" 

How to 
Live for 
Less. 

YES, WE HA VE 111 
THE BOOK EVERYONE IS 

TALKING ABOUT 
How to Live Betterl 

Now in Paperback! 

How to Live in 
the New America 

How to 
Save the 
Environment 

UNIVERIIIY BOOKIIORI 

UNIVERSITY Of CALIfORNIA 
SAN DI€GO 

See the Beautiful 
Rings by Josten's Lifetime Guarantee Four Week Shipment 

e .mazing 
Amalgated 
Amorphous 

Be sure to see 
the other beautifur Josten's campus Craft BOB DAVIS 

CAMERA SHOP and Josten's Undor lines in the bookstore. 
University Bookstore STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 4S9-7355 

At last. 
A biRe bag that 

will probably outlast 
yourbiRe~ 

Vlli tOfl I,. I lw • .,. welcome.1 the Olympia Brewing Company Tumw.te,. WIshlngton , 1I to. 30 every day 'Oly' '-; 

We feel th is is the sturdiest 
bike bag ever offered . 
It' s made of water repellent 
DuPont · Nylon, with extra wide 
shoulder straps, waist band , 
a two way nylon zippered top 
pouch, plus an extra zippered 
side pouch. • 
This bag is perfect for the 
day hiker or bike rider. It's size 
is fifteen inches high, twelve 
and a half inches wide, and 
five inches deep . 
Olympia Beer is offering this 
bag for $7.50. 

E "'cloH~ CI"AC J( or mC\"c), order made pay~ 
abl. 10 OLYMPI A BREWING CO Cash can 
not be accepted Relurn tne comple led 
10'''' ~rd cl'leCI( to Tne G ,11 St'lop , OLYMPIA 

• BREWI NG CO P OBOX 947 Olymp.a. 
Wasl'llngton 98501 

PlEASE PR INT PLA I ~ LV 

(FU51 Name) (LISI Name) 

tStreel Add.e .. ) 

(C"y) 

(S'.'e) (ZIp Code) 
Indlc.te ChOltl 01 COIOI Blue or Or.ngl 

U~SD : 2 . : 

Courses to be taught 
• In newspapers 

A $96.000 grant to underwrite a bold new approach to 
university.level instruction in the home has been made to the 
Extension Division of UCSD. Chancellor William D. McElroy 
announced today. . 

The grant. made by the National Endowm~nt for the 
Humanities. will subsidize a two-year experiment In which the 
University and newspapers in selected American cities will 
cooperate to offer college·level courses to newspaper readers 
throughout the nation. 

Titled "Courses by Newspaper. " the project is headed by 
Caleb A. Lewis . director of special programs for UCSD 
Extension. Academic coordinator is Clement David Hellyer. 
UCSD editorial director and veteran newsman Dr. Paul 
Saltman. UCSD Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs. is 
chai rman of the project's academic advisory committee. 

"The American newspaper long has been neglected as a 
medium for mass education." said Lewis "This project could 
make a significant contribution to extended education by 
testing and proving the potential of newspapers In reachl.ng 
persons unable to pursue full·time programs at UnlVerslltes 
and colleges. It could thus help to create a better·informed 
citizenry. " 

Project personnel now are organizing the first course. to be 
titled " America and the Future of Man." This pilot course. and 
succeeding courses. will consist of 20 lectures. each to be 
wri tten r.? a distinguished authority The lectures Will be 
distributed to participaling newspapers by the Copley News 
Service. a division of the Copley Press. San Diego. The hrst. or 
pilot. course will be offered to a limited number of newspapers 
for a tria l run. 

"Once the concept is field·tested and proved. " Lewis 
explained. " the pilot and sub equent courses will be offer~ to 
a wider range of publications throughout the Untted States. 

Lewis said newspaper readers may. If they elect. Sign up 
with the University Extension to take the cour e for college 
credit. Enrollmeni fees will be nominal. he said. " no more 
than $i5 for each unit of credit. " Specially prepared kits of 
supplementary materials. including addillonal lecture notes. 
books or booklets . bibltographies . and self·testlng 
questionnaires. also will be offered to readers for a modest fee . 
whether or not they sign up for credit. 

[n addition to an outright grant of $96.000. the National 
Endowment for the Humanities has offered UCSD Extension 
further matching funds of $75.000 for the project. provided 
sponsors can be found to underwrite one·half the amount. Of 
$37.500. in gifts channeled through the NEH. 

~lIlIIlI lIlIlIIlIIlpl~II;IIII~lIIl1l1l11l1l11I1I11I11II11I11II11I1I1UIlIllUII 

I reM{! ri/w&JP/ I 
i O F L. A .J O I..L. A = 
i A FINE i ~ SELECTION . ~ ~ 

~ OF CHEESES ~ ! From around the world. i I (on Drury~!:e3p~:1:)ay Ave., La J O~~4_5384 I 
f.1I111111111111111111 11111111 II 1111 I W 11I 1I1I1II1Il1l1I 11111111111 III U 1II1111111J1111UlllWUlIIIIII IIIII~ 

USE ••• 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Sef\ lng the financial need, of LC D La Jolla Campu~­
SIO - POI .... T LO'l.1A and the SA" 'SIDRO HE I\L TH 
CLINIC pe r>onnel 
Your Credi t Lnion pro\ldes a broad <cope 01 fmancial 

ser\lce~ designed e,du,,'el~ to brn('flt the partlculal 
n ed, of academIC and ,tall m('mber . Office houl\ are 
from 10 I\M to 6 P\.\ daih (',rept on un""l\al ho"da\~ 

• LOVI Ir-.TERE T LO ...... S 
• 51,oo PAIDON H .. RE • 
• LOAr-. PROTECTlO .... I .... Sl·R .. .... Cf 
• PHO E WITHDRI\V,AL ERvl CE 

UNIVERSITY' STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION 
or SAN Ol[eo 

SSSS Mildred I., an Diego 92110 Phone 297·1838 
Each Member Account Insured to S20,OOO b CUA 

May 26, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



-. 

lassifieds--------------_ .... 
WANTED: Books used in 
Econ I ... Ib series. 453-1532 
Isk fur Mike McGovern. 

(5/26) 
WANTED: One ticket to 
Roiling Stones Concert, 
Desperlte! .s3-1617 Miry 
Ann. 

SPRING SURF SPECIAL : 
O'Neill shorf john wet suit, 
hlrdly used, like brand 
new, SIS. Terry 755-76CW. 
(5130) 

GRANDOPENING! 
Bon Aire Bike Shop 

152 S. Acacia, Solano Beach 
755-7281 

New 10 Speeds 
569.95 

(6 /2) 

HON DA 305 , 66, 
SCRAMBLER 1st ownerl0K 
mi., runs perf . extras 
S200 xl72" or "54-'""9. 

(5126) 
Autoclave and copy 
machine for sale.Cheap. 
call "53 -8577 . Good 
condit ion. 

(5126 ) 

1958 VW, 1965 factory 
rebuilt engine. Adequate 
tires. Ask 5375 753-3472 
(5126 ) 

64 Bu ick (55OO/ best offer ) & 
AMI FM Stereo (51oo/best 
offer ) 272-3196. (5/30 ) 
12 Reels New Scotch 150 
Record ing Tape ... 520. 
New Si ze 10 Robb ins 
Cl imbing Boots .... 525. 
Core lli Class i ca l 
Gu itar " .5250. Ca ll Bob. 453-
8529. 

(5/26 ) 

'65 Dodge Dart, X'i ent 
condit ion. 5350, Ca ll 453-4199 
(5126 ) 

for sale 
For Sale: '69 AUSTIN 
AME R teA, S600 or best 
offer. Call 283-1478. 

(612) 

FREE beautiful sheperd to 
good home. 3 yrs. old, loves 
kids. 729-1~. Mitch. 

lost & found 
Suede coat found on softball 
field Friday May 19. To 
claim, call "53-5153. must 
identify. Ask for Paul. 

FOUND : Check book, in 
name of Bryan Frink, has 
been reported to campus 
police. Make claim there. 

FOUNDi Man' s watch on 
Torrey Pines Hill, 5/19/72; 
contact Ann, 755-6575. 

FOUND : Glasses in Muir 
Parking lot : Melanie, 
X2019, or 755-2020. 

per onal 
" YOU DON 'T HAVE A 
BODY ; YOU ARE A 
BODY" is the thesis of 
Stanley Kelleman , 
dynam i c , bell i cose , 
involv ing Bio-Energetic 
Therapist presented by the 
Gestalt Therapy I nstitute of 
San Diego at House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m., Sunday May 28th . 
Students 51.75, others 53.00, 
at the door. 

Kanga, we've been together 
thru ra in & sh ine for such a 
long t ime. Happy Anniv-Iuv 
Tom. 

(5 / 26 ) 

housing 
Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent '2-bd, IPt. or 
home near LI Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets: Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Stltlon, Provo, Utlh ~1. 

2 mile room mites needed 
shire room In Ilrge mixed 
house for the summer (to 
Sept. 15th). Please call 755-
0462. 

(5130) 

Research Assistant moving 
from East Ccut in Aug . 
interested in small sublet 
apt. Write : B. Feucht, Bio. 
Dept., Johns Hopkins 
University, Baltimore, MD. 
21218 or call collect (eves.) 
301 828-6918. (5130) 

TO RENT : DEL Mar Area, 
furnished 9 months, Sept 20 
to June 20. 4 Bdrm, 3 ba . one 
acre plot corral, etc. Ocean 
view Pets & children OK . 
"'250 plus utilities. 75H546. 

New Apts. 
1/2 block from bay. 5 blocks 
from ocean. 1254 Pacific 
Beach Drive, 1 & 2 bdrm. 
unfurn. Cable TV, 6 mos. 
lease. 272-7690. 

(612) 

' IDEAL Housing situation 
for a Single girl ; Share 50K 
house (near Mission Bay) 
with recent male grad. 
Your own room, private 
bath, built-ins, washer, 
dryer, stereo and other 
extras . Beautifully 
furnished . Your share 
590 /mo. plus occasional 
help with house (especially 
the ~nts ). Call after llpm 
276-8727. 

(612) 

housing 
NEED A SUMMER 
HOME? Shire our fantastic 
Clilremont house for I 
mere US/month. Now thru 
Sept. CIII 270-1135. 

(5/26) 

travel 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SPRING-SUMMER-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many F lights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from Sl29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL- AFRICA-

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIP i 
JAPAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND -TRIP; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 or "53-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca. 90230. (r) 

EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM 5220 
ONE WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E .P., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca . 92~ (71") 833-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

advertisements for ourselves 

jobs 
STUDENTS 

Blow your Mind this 
Summer with the Great 
Ideas Progrlm. 

Earn S6OO-SIOO per MI:J. IS a 
Campus Rep. We will trlin. 

For Interview call 225-1231 
Mon. - Fri. 10:00 - 2:00. 

(5130) 

. SerVICeS 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satlsflction is the end 
product. Helen 459-1828. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on IBM - term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TI RED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION CONTROL. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 77.., 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA (IN 
THE REAR) "59-9181. 

Typing IBM electric. Work 
guaranteed. 453-8148. (612) 

XE ROX COPIES .. ¢ EACH 
No Minimum - Call 287-
3707 (612) 

VW Tune-up & Lube SlU5 
Parts & Labor incl. 27 .. -0709. 

(5 /30) 

Typing and Proofreading 
50¢ a page : Reports, Thesis, 
B. Lynch 753-7356 (5 /26) 

~-_announcernent~~----------............ --........ ~ 
r 

" 

frida y 
11 :30 p.m. Muir parki ng lot 
( over l ooki ng Central 
Library ) : you are cordiall y 
invi ted (wea r dark clothes ) 
to an inter-media event, a 
product of Wa i Lin Yip's 195 
seminar . 

DANCE : Revelle cafeter ia, 
9 p.m. to 12 midn ite, with 
Rough Riders. 

Soa " ing Club meet ing : 
elec 'ion of off icers - 1330 
20 at 7:30 p.m. Wi ll also 
disc uss summer fly ing . 

~ unday 
Ser 'tic es at University 
Lut l.eran Chu rch : 8:30 a.m. 
- C~tholic mass; 10 a.m. -
Lutheran service; 5 p.m. 
Cat llolic mass. Located at 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dri ve, 
r igt,t across the street from 
the Urey Ha ll Park ing lot at 
UCSD. 

Page 8 Triton Times May 26, 1972 

sunday 
An ant iwar concert will be 
held at 1 p.m . in the Greek 
Bowl at San Diego State . 
There will be many bands 
and -Ruth ie Gorton will 
sing . The afternoon is free 
but a donation is requested . 
The concert is sponsored by 
the Ra i lroad Committee of 
San Diego State College. 

tuesdav 

TUESDAY 

Air War Vote plann ing 
meet i ng, 506 Matthews 
Campus, all welcome. 

Soar ing Club meet ing, in 
1330 20 at 7:30 p.m . Will 
also discuss summer flying . 

The Pepper Canyon 
Learning Community is 
having a fun-filled, sun-
filled summer session and 
needs volunteers for one 
day per week . The ses.sion 
runs from July 1 to Sept . 1, 9 
a.m. to 2 p.m. Come to a 
meeting Friday, June 9, 
7:30, at 515 Acacia, Solana 
Beach or call "54-6703 for 
more information. 

An election information 
center, which will give out 
non-partisan information on 
local propOSitions, all 
candidates, poll ing places 
and any other questions 
concerning the June 6 
primary election, has been 
opened by McGovern 
workers, who will operate 
the center as a public 
service. Phone lines are 
open from 9:30 a.m. to 9 
p.m. daily . Phone 291-8454. 

UCSD Student Films 
at the Eive and Dime 
Sunday Night May 28 - 25 
cents, 8:30 & 10 p.m. 
TUMBLEWEED and 
YIPPY INVASION of LA 
JOLLA 1970. 

AIR WAR VOTE 
Supplemenll l pelil ion. ore here and ml~ be picked up and 

r<l urned 10 In~ AIH ~ AH 'OTI:: Cenler . The) muol ha .. precin ci 
numh~r added and he lurn ed in 10 Ih e H e~ i' lr .. 01 'ole .. on Jun e 
15. Can ~ o u ' pore 1 1·0uple 01 hou .. 10 ,·ha in pel i lion ~.Ihe rin~ ju,1 
12 . i~nalur .. lor Ihc Itr. ll inl in Ihc cha in Ind mIni more il an \One 
~ ou I . I~ 1o doo the ~.me. Hcmcmbcr thai ~ our fl i~t ' ;j",,,, i on ur th~ ".r 
in the ('ommU" j l ~ "jth non·lj iKnerJi m.~ hl\ e c\en more crrc:t" than 
the in itiath e. 

u ~ ou "an "puc . '" mln~ .~ " hour~ per "cek helween now Inti 
June 15. ~ ou r4 hdp j ", neelled in the air wlr \ ote ,-enter ! Tran"pOrlinjl 
pelition)o! I n,1 ror mMn, oth er ",ma ll ,."kJll '1 t el\ c lour nime and 
phon. numhc r . 1 an' ,iH" ~H '()TE C F:\TEH .. 

\ our help i, .. pel'iott ~ needcd il )O U Iil c in a "ummunil~ "ithoul 
an 'IH ""H rOTE "cnlcr and are "ittin, 10 lind In oullcl or 
trln l" port petition",. 

If ,", c , a n ,cl <ocIRu: nlOnc~ . " t.' " ill he "" htl_in,: mfH il'" p,.,.ludn" 
Ico n . I_. cto . Iltl. Ct· " nu" and I hen. lIen,l ,Ionoliun ' 10 \ ~ , , 1'./ I. 
UO\ 6,32. La J olio, I. , 920:l i 

AIR WAR VOTE CENTERS 
UCSD--' Muir MOntlrne tabie, 240 11011. Hall 
Del Mar-- Earth Samt 100II,,_, 1440 Camino Del Mar 
Solana leach-'eapln Food, 503 N HW 101 
Encini'~ 'alama Caffee House, 4.5 1,,5,. 
la Jelia --The Plebian, 560 'earl 5,. 
ElCandlda - Everyman" Music 5, •• , 200A len' Grand 

11m. abou' mallift8 il a lillie ,ouflber for 'ilion 10 ~n.inH 
.h .... ar ~ 11 h) nol a limle _allflift8ful prwrHlina'ion be.-
.. een no .. a!MI'liM 15! 


