
• ..................................................... It ....................... It ............ It ., .... It .... .. 

CALPIRG 
Campaigns 

Rick Drom 
Each Christmas thousands of children 

are maimed and crippled across the 
nation as a result of dangerous toys. 
Legislation r gulating toys is passed in 
Washington, but it is rare ly nforced in 
local communitie . This year a new 
siudent-orientf>d group is tackling this 
probl m on a national sca le to get 
dangerous toys off the mark t shelve . 

CAl-PIRG, in connection with Publi 
IntereSI Research Groups throughout 
Ihe nation, has just begun a "Dangerous 
Toy Project" here in San Di go . Its goa l is 
10 locate slor s which continue to s II 

1 0y~ which the government has already 
proved to be dangerous and un~af . 
Then in one united effort all of the PIRGs 
dcrOS the cou n t ry will publicize he 
dang rou toys and each of the store 
that continues to sell them. In thi \ way 
consumer action ca n force store ~ to 
conSIder safety instead of just profits. 

The inspiration for this as well as ma n y 
oth r PIRG projects is Ralph Nader. He 
was one of the fir~t to rea liz that 1) 

la rge-~cale problems must b attacked 
on an equally large scale; 2) (>ffectiven s 
IS a result of an effi ient corp of 
dpdica ted prof !. ionab; l) succ SI) 
dppends upon banding together for 
common goals. 

Nader saw that huge 
have !.ucceeded in the U.S b cause th y 
have followed these thre(> rules. Th ir 
common gOell has been prohl. Prof t na!. 
held huge intere ts like In or GM 
together and allow d them to uccef'd 
on a ma~sive scale . 

Nader questioned, wh can't th 
public as a whole do the same thing? 
Why can 't it unite to fight problems 
which all citiz n s have in common? Thus 
Nader organi7ed the first of many Public 
Inter st Res arch Groups, PIRGs, to ac-
complish thi . Each PIRG would follow 
the sa me three ru les but would not have 
profit as its goal. Instead , each PIRG 
would work to clean th environment, 
lower prices, protect con umers from 
fraud and make governm nt more 
re ponsive to the people. 

PIRGs have now been set up in large 
cities like an Diego throughout the 
cou ntry. But th backbone and drive of 
each group has come from college cam-
puses. 

last year CAl-PIRG San Diego was 
form d to work on local problems in 
conjunction with national PIRGs. CAl-
PIRG now has representatives from 
Gro smont Jr . College, Cal State San 
Diego, University of San Diego, Mesa Jr. 
College and UCSD. 

The formation of UCSD-PIRG was un-
ique. Because this was to be a majority-
bas d organization, PIRG organi7ers 
wa ted a dire t show of support. Thu 
they en listed th aid of about 30 stud nt 
and fa ulty m mb rs to di tribute a p ti-
lion supporting th formation of a PIRG 
at U SD. 

The petition was direct and straight-
forward . It ca ll d for the immediat 
esta blishment of a CAL-PIRG chaptel "to 
arti ulate and pursue through th me lia, 
Ih institutions of government, the 
cou rt s, and oth r legal mans the con-
cern of stud nts on issues of publi 
in terest. " It also asked for ach stud nt 
10 a sess himself a $4 p r year fee to 
fina nc a UCSD-PIRG. In addition it 
mad a point of r solvin that if any 
tudent wa not omplete ly sa tisfi d with 

UC D-PIRG he would be ntitled to a 
full rf'fund. 

Many doubted 
g t ven 1,000 

eks th volunt 

ucn a p tition would 
ignatur . With in ix 
rs had co lle t d 2,859 

continued on page 2 

TAKING OVER-IndIans move into he Bureau 
of IndIan Affo irs off ices in Washington ofter 

seI zIng port o f t f> e budding w~en me gOVE'rnmen 
refused to provide them w · ... f d c.,d 'odglng 

JI .,. .~ 

Food and the Food Service 
Th new sy ~tem of havrn~ 

l 'C D opf>rate its own Fooel 
Service has been rn opera-
tion now for five w (! k~. 
During thi period many 
questions and suggestions 
have been made by you, so 
I would like to take this 
opportunity to anwe r some 
of your questions, thank 
you for your helpful 
suggestions, and let you 
know what some of our 
plans for the future are. 

Wh en we opened on 
Sept. 25, the Food Service 
was short ten (10) full-time 
employees for a basic 
operation and fifteen (15) 
full-time employees for a 
complete operation; this 
included Managers, Cooks, 
Bakers and Kitchen 
Assistants. Also at the time 
of opening, we had hired 
approximately 260 tudent 
employees, 90% of whom 
had had no previous ex-
perience in this type of 
operation . HowE-ver, these 
students have come a long 
way through their hard 
work and taking an interest 
in providing a better opera-
tion. Due to the lack of 
personnel , the type of items 
being offered in the Dining 
Commons and Snack Bar 
initially had to be limited, 
but now that we have ob-
tained mor employe sand 
pr ent employes ar 
being trained toward a full 
service operation , more 
item and variety of it ms 
can be gradually offered . 

We are planning in the 
near futur to have o ur 
own Bak ry where w an 
make our own donut , 
cakes, pi 5, and other 
prepared d sert in t ad 

ot purchasing th e~ Items 
fro m a vendor On-campu 
cate ring IS .. v.lI lable to 
those of you who might 
ne d special meal s and 
coffee breaks for meetings, 
etc., but we n ed at least 
three working days notice 
to be certain w have the 
requested products 
available. 

A la Carte, guest meal 
and board only prices are 

.presently being re-
evaluated, so be looking for 
specials to become effec-
tive on Dec. 1. 

Many comments have 
been made as to why the 
commuting student is nof' 
allowed to use the main 
dining rooms as a place to 
study, kill time until their 
next class or to get out of 
bad weather. W ith the type 
of program of unlimited 
econds being offered to 

the Residence Hall student 
who is required to pay for 
room and bo ard , 
procedures are required to 
insure that only tho e per-
son s who pay for fu ll meal 
service use the ervice. All 
students, faculty and staff 
are welcome in th ese 
facilities for purpo e of 
participating in th e full 
meal service plan, at th 
scheduled pric s. A noted 
above, we are re-evaluating 
the associat d price true-
ture to th nd that the 
price of individual full ser-
vic e mea I for·n 0 n 
re idenc hall tudents i~ 
red u cd. Furth r, we are 
addre si n the ne d of 
commuti ng tud nt for 
tud ing/re ratIonal pace 

by con Id rrng the 
possibility of provIding 

enclosed areas wi thin he 
dining hall complexes to be' 
u ed for these purpos . 
Due to the ~ hort pen od 01 
time between meals and 
the amount of cl ean ing 
necessary, the marn di ning 
rooms cannot be used to 
meet thi need. 

As further background , 
in establishing the Room 
and Board rate past ex-
perience has shown that 
the average person misses 
15 % of their meal 
therefore, this factor IS 
taken into account ; if it 
wasn 't , the Room and 
Board rate would be about 
$125 .00 per year more. 
Food Service receive $2.35 
per day per student from 
their Room and Board pa -
ment of $5.34 per day - this 
amount is to provIde food , 
labor and upplie for three 
meals per day (2 meal per 
day on aturday unda 
and Holidays). In addition, 
the Room and Board rate 
include $1 .85 per day for 
debt ervlce. When dorm 
and Dining Common are 
built , the Univer~it\ 
borrows the money bv 
ellin bond , then thi s 

amount must be r('paid on 
d 40 ear mortgag (ven 
Imrliar to a per on buyrng a 

home ) Wp r eeive no 
other mon ie for thl 
purpo (' - no tate o r 
Federal 5ub si dlP , no 
regi tration feed , et Thus, 
food servi e being a elf-
upportin operation , it I~ 

nec ar that the y t('m 
b d signed and op rat('d 
to en ur that all pa r-
tl ipants pay th Ir faIr 
hare 

LtII r.. Bit rret\ 

3D View of 
Molecules 

Hannah Cohen 
A UC Rpgents grant, fo r the innovdtive 

,teac h ing of unde rg ra d uate~, has madp i t 

IPOS~i b l(' for a. new t P(hni<1~p to bf> u~ed in th t"achrng of organIc chpmlSlry. Pion~ered by Dr. "vIurrav Goodman, ac-iting p ro\ost of Rf'vpll(' oll('gp, thl 
Itechn iqup will pPrmlt an pntrrf' II' I.Jr(> 
h all of stuopnts 0 111(,\'0 orgaflf( 
mo l!'cul,.\ rn thrl'e dimpn Ions 

This n w tPdching tpchnlq...ae "".IS If t 
tried in Dr Goodman's (h mlstry cia s 

la~t Friday, ann h\ stuopnt r£'artlon WdS 
d t"emed an immediatp sucCP s. Each stu-
d('nt wa< ~Iwn (j parr of polaro.d gl<l se" 
which (nntainpd Ipn'P5 turn d at rlgh 
angles. A lid!' of an f}r~anic moip(ul 
W .lS then projPcted on a pecral SCfpen 
mad!' lor 3-D \iewlng B ·forp he 
st unen ts' (,Vf''' appC'arf'd a threr>-
d im emional view. of fhl' molpcule 

Organir mol culps uspd to be ~hown 
bv models which the pro (' .. sor held UJ1 
In fron t of hi~ clas\, Hower, thesf' 
models were quite lafl~' and cumoN-
some and dId not gIl, • thp reali tic i \'\. 
that th ~e threc-dimpnslonal Itdp ( n 
gl\e 

Thi nl'w wa 01 oepictrng or 'ante 
moleculps i oi m,llor Impor ance 0 h 
teaching of organic chemistr\' because it 
allows theiewer of Ihe lidf' to f'a~il 
Identi \ which i om r IS being pro)ec I'd . 

B('~inE''' aiding in the idC'ntl Ication of 
rnol('culp., thC' tpchnlque al a ohe <)n 
.1 (; -olJ flr hl"11 t tpaching or~Jnic 
chf'nllqrv: th • p plan.1 Ion 0 ude t 0 
how th ttucture 01 an or~anl 
molf'cuh' altee It hlologlCal function 
Olologlcall 

Th(> Itd!- u t,d for p<O,f'C\lor ,re 
dr,l\\n h\ J computE" 1 he <,lt oe< ha 
ha\p h(,pn u.,pd () tar, rt' draw.n tralght 
on, w. hirh mf'an< a fron lew 0 the 
molecule 4.C(nrdin~ to Dr Goodman. i 
\\rli hI' much morl' ad\.lntageou~ to dra w. 
the lT1olC'cule, at an an~ular iew and to 
hJde them artl .. ticJllv belau f' thi w rll 

gIve a mor£' rt'alistlc vie\'\. of t he 
moleculE.' 

Dr oodman hopes thi .. technIque 
ca n in t hC' fu tu re be p'tended in to he 
ma Ing 01 a threl'-dlm£'n<ional movie 
whIch w ill <how th(' d\ namlC, 01 organic 
bo ndrng 

This m('thod I Imrlal to tha t u ed rn 
the l(- rated movIe " The te\" a rde~ses,' 
thl i th e fir t tIme t hat th r ee -
dlmen lonal t(' ehn iqul' helve bl'cn 
applred for edu cationa l purp() es 

Anomaly 
Factory 

Th e Anoma l.. Facto r. I begrnnrng 
wo rJ.. th l~ \\ ef>k toward .. It next mJjor 
pro d uct ion , wh Ich I due to o pen rn latE' 
' anuJr\ Th goa ls of thl' production art.> 
hum el n I n t £' r r ,]< t Io n \\ i t h a I a r g £' 
audienc£' through u ~(' ')f thf' thea tl'r s 
I chnolog\ , Tht ent lf£' ,hoy" wrll be 
'nade po rtable for touring .. hou ld local 
('l(posurl' pro "E.' , Ul ((,,,luI. 

Perf orn1('r,. Mtl t~ ,lnd Il'!hnician ar£' 
lleedC'd to ,uppl('ml'nt th., ~ t a n dlng 
rompaO\ in r'p,lIrng ,1Od pl'rforming thi~ 
",pect a( l£' Te hnlc.lllI1\ohl'ment ' III 
range from oP<lgn ing, CIS l·mb li ng ,rnd 
,Pt t Ing up p o rtahl t' eq III rm ent t o 
programmrng tht' th('ater' ... l omputer tor 
Irghtrng and s< lind rontrol n emph.! '" 
\\ til oC' p l.l ( pd on th t' prnf(' lonalt.,m a t 
IhC' p roj{'CI, ,I ' tIme ,Ind mont'\ are .11 ,I 
prC'ml lltn In lt 'rl' ,ted P(,I on hould 
r o nt ,1( t n ,l\p Lunnrn 'h,lm.1 the Fa( tor I 
(\11 9;' '" ,Ill til Illl l'''''f/dln tll l'l'lltl~ 
on Tlll' d,1\ '-0\ i, ,1\ - 0 p.m. In 257 
"I( 

............................................................................................ 



News Analysis: Election Illusions 
Edward Simon 

George had a big mouth, as he often found occasion 
to prove. Such as an occasion was Election Eve, 1971 . 

sa id quietly. 
"I rest my case, " said Marsha, and turnea up the l 

volume on thp telpvis ion ~et. 

~1~ILIEClrIEI() ~11lf)I~lf 

False Advertising 
The following statement 

was issued Thursday 
(November 2) by Dan 
Smith, Statewide Student 
Coordinator for NO on 
Proposition 14. 

False and mi leading ads 
are being placed in campus 
newspapers throughout the 
state by proponents of 
Proposition 14 - the so-
called Watson amendment. 
These ads imply that Project 
Loophole, a student intern 
task force studying tax law 
under the sponsorship of 
State Senator Merv yn 
Dymally supports Proposi-
tion 14. This is absolutely 

ntrue. The attached clip-
ing sets out Loophole's 

;trong opposition to 
Propo ition 14. 

The ads fraudulentl y 
claim that taxes would be 
lowered under Proposition 
14. This, too, is fal e. And 
the backers of Proposition 
14 were criticized in a 
November 2 Los Angeles 
Times editorial page at-
tached. 

As the Times com ments, 
" It is shocking that these 
advocates are not seeking 
support by stating their 
ca es but by flagrantly mis-
statin!!; them, with the clear 
int nt to deceive the 
people." It 's up to student 
journalists and student 
leaders to set the record 
straight, so that the students 
don't get "ripped off" agdln 
on election day. 

" M arshal " bf'lIowed George. 
A til ('d voice an wered from the kitchen "Yes, 

honey?" 
"Marsha, the election returns are coming in . leave 

thm dish.:> till tomorrow and come on." 
Marsha entered the living room Wiping her hands on 

her apron. Calml , she walked to where George was 
Sitting. She took off h r apron and sn~pped it (whip-
like) on George's rotund abdomen. 

George cried out in pain . "Ow! Wh:ll'd you do that 
for?" he asked, looking sorely wounded . 

" Put a shirl on, George. You look like a beached 
whale," replied Marsha. Marsha had a small mouth, but 
she knew how to use it effectively. 

George left the room and returned wearing a shirt . 
He crossed the floor and seated himself In his favorite 
chair. 

" Well, what's it going to be, George? ABC, CBS, or 
BC?" asked Marsha. 
" I don't know-flip a coin," said our hero. 
" Think about it, George." 
George thought about it, to Iiltle avail. Unknowingly, 

he had anticipated the development of a three-faced 
coin by 200 years. Marsha, unwilling to wait 200 years, 
ighed and turned thf' set on, leaving the selection in 

the hands of fate. 
As it turned out, the hands of fate were greasy, so 

George ,lOd Marsha found themselves watching ABC. 
Election coverage had just begun. Harry Reasoner was 
explaining how computl'rs helped in the prediction oj 
elections. George rho<e that moment to speak. 

"You know wh"t I'd like to Sl'e, Marsha? I'd like to 
see one nf thme b;g ("Qmputer throw a rod and break 
down Then whpl' would those rcporters be, huh? Ha-
hal 

"That's sick, (,eMg ," sh udder d Mar ha. " You 
shouldn't say such things." 

" What's so sick about it? Everyone knows Mr. ixon's 
gonn~ win anyway," omplained George. "Every man 
in the plant voted for Mr. Nixon, I'll bet. Just like I did." 

" Where do you work, George?" asked Marsha. 
George was put out. "Why ri o you ask me where I 

work? You know where I work." 
"Come on, George. Where do you work?" Marsha 

persisted. 
r,pnr17P pY:lmined his cuticles. "Dow Chemical," he 

Til. (J,e.' Ame,ie." 100d H 0 • It 
The Great American 

Public is finally working up 
a resistance to the Cro~s 
National Product. One of 
th e largest chunk~ of 
middle-cl,lSS income goes 
for food, ,md here, in vf'ry 
rf'adable form, is a manual 
of comumer ~elf-defense. 

"The Great American 
Food HOd" "~plalns how 
to perform hHlOU~ kind~ of 
shopping Ipgere-de-main 
like getting ~27 worth uf 
food for $17 .. idllPY 
Margohus make~ It('mlled 
compansons of food (O't\ 
based on (Wfpnng shop-
ping technl lues, und ad-
vocates emphd~i7ing larger 
sizes, sale itf'm~, ~ubstltu­
tlOn pur("hd~e~, dnd basl( 
rather thill (onvenipnr!' 
items. 

Margoliu" brushes up 
your consumer ilrlthmf'tir 
in several of his chdpters: 
"How You Can Pay 1 en 
Tim('s \IIore for Ord,narv 
Food " 'Three Bites of 
ME.'at - Ihe Real PrlCf' of 
Rf'ady-to-eat Dinners." 

CATCGORY 

"The Mod rn Woman's 
Bag : A Convenient 
Cooking Pouch," and 
"Price Jugglers or Genlline 
'>pf'Clal\ " 

Th n thPre's "The 'v\agic 
Abacu s of the Meat 
Parkers ' fat franks and wet 
bologna." Franks and 
lunch meats arp permitted 
to have up to 30 per cen 
addpd "',ltN Actually the 
L''iDA hds found samples 
romaining up to 51 per 
("enl fat "All bf'ef" and "a ll 
meJ'" weiner, have that 
p'lr" 3(1 per cent fat, 10 pf'r 
(('nl wafl'r, plus corn syrup, 
f IJvormg and prp~E'rV.ltive5. 
A("tuall" plain franks With 
Ihf'lr arJdf'd nonfat milk 
olid, ·md ceredls, Yield 

more I'rlJll'in at 10wN cost 
<. u~tomer (onfu~ion 
re~ult~ from the manlpuld-
t Ion of packaging as well dS 
C'juality. try to ~C' le(t the 

bl'~t buy In a superma rket 
di~plav of 127 typl'S, 
package ~izes and 
lunc hmpah, and a dOlen 
kinds of franks! 

M1J> T IT IS ALL AB')UT' 

As for that nice red ham-
burger , It can be run 
through the grinder \everal 

time~ to blend the fat with 
the l£'an, it (an be colored 
"'ith beef blood (oftl'n in 
the form of juicy blood 
clots in the fat), and th 
color can be preserved by 
adding paprika Added 
pork ~CI aps can make tht' 
hamburger dangerous to 
cat "rar " as pork r 'qulrps 
thOiough cooking. 

Poultry gets an ic('-water 
bath b('fore freezing, and 
tl1(· retdlned water is legally 
C'ight per rent, but oft n 
runs higher. If you buy two 
broilers a week you mav b(' 
paying $25 a year for thf' 
""atrr Thp bl'st buy i< 
whole, fresh chicken. half 
broilNs, thighs and wings 
Breasts and drumsticks are 
priced at whdtever they can 
be sold for 

Thp br('ad chapter ex-
plains t hf' constilnt pm e 
Increase : price fiXing (on-
spiraul's, the variet ies - a 
hundr d ,md fifty or ~o, 

OFFERS 

distribution costs (having 
several bakeries deliver to 
the same store each day). 
The "balloon bread" of the 

We~t Coa~t and the Eastern 
fluffy/puff} breads give th 
illUSion of 5il becau e a 
pound loaf is baked in a 
pound-and-.l- half pan. 
Plain whit bread douhlf's 
In rnce when sold as hot-
dog rolls or hamburger 
bum. 

With over 200 page~ 01 
tipS ga thered IOto one 
pOlketsized book 
Margolius ha~ attempted to 
Jrm shoppers with self-
cieff'nse Information. For 
those not ready to plug 
money leaks, he advis S 
pJrtlcipatlon in a consumer 
union or co-op mdrket. 

In good woceries and 
m~rkpt ,StOIC personnel do 
noi hesitate to I'xplain 
coded "pull-dates," and 
willingly intelpret th e 
manufacturers' claims to 
th(: lustom r. By choo ing 
a retailPr that IS truly in-
terested III th consumer, 
the cu~tomer can afford to 
be I ss cau tious in making 
purcha~es. 

The first precinct wer(' reporting in. Maine's 35th 
pre inct reported 2,981 votes for Nixon and 2,013 for 
McGovern. Our h ro found the early tally cause for 
elation. 

"Well, It I ok like" landslide for Mr. Nixon," 
burbled George. "Clad to see it, glad to sec it.'· 

Marsha wa~ am~7ed. "I'm amaLed," ~he aid "Ho", 
can you prpdlCt a I.lndslide with only three preCincts in 
so tar?" 

George Wih enjoy ing Marsha's discomfiture. "Aw, 
come on, M ar ha . 1'1/ bet you voted for ol'Dlckie, didn't 
you?" 

"On, so now you can read mind , is that it, George?" 
Marsha was angry . 

" Well, then, who did you vote for?" asked George, 
grinning slyly. 

Marsha wa< purple. "Why should I tell you who I 
voted for?" she shouted. 

"Why not? You can tell me, we're good friends," 
joked Georg . George was sure Marsha wouldn't tell 
whom she voted for. He did this to her every election 
because it was the only time he could get the better of 
her in an argument. 

"Could It be that you're af raid to tell me who you 
voted for? " needled George. "Now which candidate 
wou ld that indicate .. ?" He allowed his voice to trail off 
while he mused . 

Marsha, a quick one indeed, finally realized how to 
put an end to the farce. Racing to the window, she 
opened its curtains and raised it. 

"Okay, Ceorge l" she shouted through cupped 
hanels. "You wanted to know who I voted for?" 

George's nmth had chang >d into open-mouthed 
horror. This wasn't at all like he had expected . What if 
she really did vote for McGovern? He had to stop her! 

Marsha wa s still ~houting through the window. " I'll 
tell you who I voted for ." 

Slam! 
Marsha WJ' cut short by George closing the window. 

George fell on the floor gasping for breath . 
" I votf'd, " said M~rsha, now smiling, "for Richard M . 

Nixon." 
And 0 we leave them : George on th floor, crushed; 

and Marsha, triumphant and lying through h r 
teeth-an Elc'Ltion Eve tableau . 

continued f rom page 1 

valid >tudent signatu res. Since the total 
enrollment last year was only 4,99B, this 
m('ant thdt over 57 per cent of the 
tlldent body had signed the petition. 

An 'one who is Interested in knowing 
mOle about UCSD-PIRG and what it is 
doing should contact Steve Pingree in 
the o ffice of Student Affairs, X2943. Also 
thf'Y ca n drop by the UCSD-P IRG head-
quarters in the Muir Fishbowl. Mail 

~hou ld be addr ssed to UCSD-PIRG, 
Campus Artivities Office, Ur y Hall. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BAN K 
327 F. St reet 

PAYS DONOR 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

'111 Uftmm CIIII. 
1" .... 1Ir1IP Iw., 

IAMllYA 
7'()(J & 10 50 DmJRusslI·1971 

A f1ch and expenlT"lenta' 
worll abolJla growing artISt 

MACBETH 
810 t~~~~~i!~~~ 

vlSu.Xy stunnlnB & sensual 
mterpletatloo 

lIma·lsurt" HI. 

.'IiII!d"O'1J 
SpeciJl /r •• ,,,, -.. 

PLASTIC DDM[ 
or NORMA IlAN 

The film· maker Juleen Compton 
Will be here WI person to 

remark 00 the! film 
Ab. ' !ll""l " 

Documentary on the great 
French museum 
..,..,. lion.., 
"11lIIII!!IPAil 

IIOILUI Itfll( IESlIVA( 

Mil .. MaaJ 

IBM 360/Ooto General Co,...,~ tttU, 
pa~r tope reoder; li~-~hor:n9; 
address;,,; end moilinq; pt'orenlnnol 
billing; stotilot;cal analysi~ 

Instont ser'/ice; cc.movtor time and 
programmi n9 penonne I by the hour, 
day, week, or month_ 

University Lutheran Church 
And 

Co,,"pvte r ~""j ~ 

Statistical ~er~ <-~ 

8, 

Or. Rutled,' hy, Ph. D 
Al"'"ity I,.,ta ,J Data Pro essinq 

Co"'pvt( Ser,,"c~ 
4414 No'ldl"lun .A .. enlJ" 

)h~fmO,. O,,\.~ 
Colitl)rnio )J 103 

T.fopllQo •. (213 981-t529 
T~l.t(pe Telephore NV'l'ber: 

?At-1529 

r k .. cJ Pf(l.lr:J",' f'om e' e"..entory 
dohs.tk, to pflll,",;~~1 ~"''''''''''''"enl' 
fOefOr ;Jnol,Sis wi th "arimoJl rototion. 

O?c.t(Hol din~rtotion, Moster') thesis, 
1)( r~s.eurch report . 

.. E" oy tl-·I! \totus of ,.1 f-
octOYJllzotion by pt'ompt doto 
QOC!f"IS a"d prepomtion for ptJblic;o-
f,n" or v~e 

Weekends, holidaf" evening (by 
appointment). 

LOfo' pid up and deli'V'ery; by mail; 
01 tel etype . 

EconoP'lit.ol, accurote. fast servke 
on small or medium !ized itotistical 
or compvt:ng job,_ 

EMERGENCY TELEPHONE 
DATA INPUT SYSTEM; 

TELEPHONE DATA REPORTS. 
COST ESTIMATES; COST 
CONTRACTS. 

P.OFE~SIOt-JAl SERVICES, 
COtJSULTING. 

Triton Times, Tuesday, November 7, 1972 page 2 

Worship Services 
10 A.M . Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

Chu 

Student Center 
Interim Pastors : 

Herbert Albrecht 
Paul Gabrielsen 

Nels Oas 

ice 

OPINION 
TIM .,....,1 •• prftHcl In ttl ... PI'" an those of the 
luthon WhO .. Mimes -PPMr In tM bylines and do not 
MCftsarny reflect ~ wi.., of ttlt TRITON TIMES. 
Anyon. cUslrl", to submit mlt.,111 to be published on 
these petes shoUld' send It to tM Editorial Dlrec'or, 

TRIT~N TIMES, 117 Blake Han. UCSD. 

'Opinion ' Page Misnomer 
Editor: We wish to deny any con-

I wish to protest an nection with the editorial 
editorial published in the you published. 
Oct. 27 edition of the Ron Nachman 
TRITON TIMES titled Chairm n, Young Voters 
"Choice for the Presiden- for the President 
cy." You li st the group 
responsible for bringing it 
to your attention as the 
" Young Republicans for the 
President." There is no 
such group registered on 

ca mpus, but it appears as 
thoug h the editorial is 
meant to be attributed to 
our group. That editorial is 
ac tually a copy of an 
editorial from the lOS 
ANGELES TIMES and we did 
not request that it be 
published in 

Your protest is du ly 
noted. The editorial should 
have been run with a note 
identifying its so urce. 
However, the copy iden-
tifying it as an LA TIMES 
editorial was not included 
due to technical difficult ies. 

Military Service? SERVE AS A 
MARINE OFFICER 

FRESHMEN - SOPHOMORES - JUNIORS: 

The Platoon Leoders Closs (pilot ground or low) 
oHers to eligible students: 

Immediate draft deferment • T roining and poy 
of $540 for 6 weeks during summer • No on cam-
pus training or drills • Options of $ lOOper month 
while In college 

FREE 40 hours civilian pilot troining during s<!nior 
yeor • Commission os a 2nd Lt. upon groduation 
from coll~e • Starting solaries from $700.$1000 
per month 

O~ligation : 2 Yz years tor ground officers and 
3 liz years after flight training for pdots 

TALK TO THE MARINE CORPS OFFICER 
COMING ON CAMPUS 

DATE: 7 and 8 November 1972 

TIME. 9:00 AM till 3:00 PM 

PLACE: 7 V lounge, Muir College 
TESTING AVAILABLE ON 8 NOVEMBER 1972 

l~tiTTnltS T.t Tin 8ItIT.t.t 
To Those 
Interested In 
Revelle 
Human ities 

This is my fifth year as a 
TA in the Literature Depart 
ment, most of which time 
has been spent teaching 
Revelle Humanities . The 
program is every bit as bad 
as Jeffrey stated in his r -
cent letter to the TRITON 
TIMES. Unfortunately he 
didn't state the ca~e com-
pletely enough, ~o here are 
some additional points. The 
sequence is terrible mostly 
bel"ause nobody can teach 
it. A course de<igned to 
giv a student a real sense 
of the past must be taught 
by somebody who has a 
real sense of the past! This 
person must be very well 
acquainted not only with 
the literature and other art 
of a period but with its his-
tory, sociology, politics, 
scientific developments, 
'conomics and philosophy 
as well The results are dis-
astrous. For example, a 
literature professor teaches 
the course and students get 
a series of disembodied tex-
ts with no understanding of 
the context or the political 
situation from which they 
emerged. A history 
professor teaches the 
course and the student gets 
literature viewed as 
history-':The Odyssey" for 
example is not taught in its 
entirety (it is not viewed as 
the artistic whole that it is) 
but sections which seem 
most pertinent to the his-

torical perspective of the 
particular professor are ex-
plicated 

This <a me lack of broad 
knowledge is true of the 
T A's, and students get d 
misleading and frag-
mentary Idea of the devel-
opment of Wf'stf'rn c.ivili-
7ation, one that is so 
bewildering and non-
senSical that It turns them 
off to any further Inquiry 
into the subj('ct. (If you 
don't bplieve that , Dr . 
Chodorow, for God's sake, 
just ask the studpnts somp-
time-if they'll talk to you, 
that is.) The fault primarily 
lies with the nature of un-
iversity education. Rather 
than promote a wldely-
based understanding of the 
past, graduate shoal em-
phasiz s specialization in 
<ome narrow (usually very 
p tty) a adpmic subject 
(bird imagery in Chaucer is 
a good, if omewhat ex-
treme, example.) One gets 
a professorial job in the 
University by bemg the 
"expert " In such a field . 

Both Dr Chodorow and 
Jim Harris entirely missed 
Jeffrey's point about this 
"ma le oriented" course. 
Yes, Dr. Chodorow, "the 
great books of Western 
civilization were written, 
for the most part, by men. 
The fact does not make 
these works less great nor 
does it excuse women from 
taking them seriously." But 
it is imperative to under-
.tand how and why thiS has 
happened-to get a 
realistic perspective on th~ 
kind of society which 
forced WJmen into such 

qUiescent roles for cen-
turies This kind of analysis 
must npcessanly go on at 
least imultaneou5ly with 
the teJrhln~ of Humanities. 
Otherwis Humanities 
becoml's a real evil by Im-
plYing through Its lack of 
any other pOSition thdt 
som('how men are intrinsi-
cally "better" than women, 
why just look at all that 
great literature ana 
philosophy they've 
produced! 

One last comment. Jim 
Harris suggested to Jeffrey 
that "you direct yo~r efforts 
toward improving your 
own courses within the se-
quence" rather than 
criticiZing the Humanities 
program. What kind of shit 
is that? What does he think 
Jeffrey's letter was, if not an 
attempt to improve his 
course? How dare he pre-
sume that Jeffrey spends his 
time criticizing and not im-
proving; what the heck is 
"improvement" if it doesn't 
emerge from CrIticism of 
what already eXists? It is 
exactly this attitude of Jim 
Hams' which makes the 
Humanitif's program what it 
is today. The bourgeOiS no-
tion that each individual 
must accept a system no 
matter how bad it is and 
then work "as an in-
dividual" to hold his end of 
the monstrosity up is an 
attitude which makes 
change impossible. Change 
can only come from i 
careful analysis of syste~ 
and a flexibility to repair or 
discard them if they're un-
suitable. And thiS analysis, 
all of thiS work, must be 

PEACE WITH HONOR 

LEVI CORD 
BELLS 
$9.00 

WE FEATURE 
THE E TIRE 
LEVI LI E T 
REA 0 ABLE 
PRI E -jU T 

SMI . fROM 
THE CAMPU 

done hy groups whose 
m mbe 's can enhance one 
another s perspec Ives and 
who as iI group posses or 
can tak .. actual power to 
mak!;' c~anges I don't use 
the terrn " bourgeoi s in-
dividualism" very often 
(finding it a lilt'lp pre-
tentious) but I think Jim 
Harris, and I e>:per-t many 
others connected With the 
Humanities program, has 
got a really bad case 

Melvyn Freilicher 

On The 
Weinstein/ 
Humanlfies 
Letters 
TO: TRITON TIMES 
FROM: Valerie S. Peacock, 
e. Phil, Lit. 
RE: Weinstein / Humanities 
Lellers 
DEAR JEFF, el al 
SUBHEAD : THERE ARE 
OTHER WAYS TO MAKE A 
LIVING 

Let'~ start ""'th thl' point 
mad(' at t he end of Jeff's 
letter, just to llet that out of 
the way Jeff says he is "fed 
up" with the program, with 
teaching too much, etc. 
Reml'mber that in that 
~tatemen t he emphaSized 
that hp tdught and he 
taught for a liVing, not as an 
apprentl e These are my 
suggestions to Jeff (or any 
other "fed up" TA) and 

the~ are Important. 
1) If you are reallv fed up; 

has it occurred to you thar 
there Me other ways to 
make a liVing? I have not 
onlv taught more 
humanities sequences for 
more years than you (some 
were those demandmg ex-
perimental sequences we 
laught a~ colleague~), I have 
also sU.Jmbled da\ by day 
to H't m\ Ph D. and raise 
two childrpn. and teach 
\Inlultaneou I~ I ha\e been 
J TV \lation promotion 
dllPctor; J computer 
prnl;r,lmm r; d \ale5111[1 for 
Mallnin' , a te lenpe 
operator <prpadlO~ rhp 

continued on page 7 

USE ... 
Your academtc and staff 
employees CredIt Union 

Want to 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs 
we'll hetp you pay not 
over pay With tile best 
finanCing and terms 
available. 

[ill~[§ 
t3J03 POWAY ROAD. POWAY 
7461 GIRARD. LA lOLL 

CR TEION ~ , 
~."'IC~.,~ 

t025 ROSECRANS. POtNT LOMA 
t 159 CAMINO DEL MAR Univ rsity & Stat€' Employee Credit Union 

5555 Mildred SI. ~]·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

Triton Time , Tue day, Nov mb r 7,1972 page 3 



• • .. 
we a • • 

UCSD COLLEGE STUDENTS 
YOUR ENTIRE FUTURE IS AHEAD OF YOUI 

Take 
R, MICHAEL DEAN'S SUCCESS SEMINA 
O~ SELF CONFIDENCE, MEMORY, CONCENTRATION 

STUDENTS HALF PRICE 
NOVEMBER & DECEMBER SEMINAR 
NOV. 14,16,28,30 DEC. 5, 7, 12, 14, 19, 21 

(7-10 pm) 
Advanced reservations are suggested 

Call 222-8120 
International Communication Institute 

P.O. Box 80075, S.D. 92138 

A career in law ... 
wilhoollaw schoOl. 
When you become a Lawyer's ASSIstant , 
you ' ll do work tradItIonally done by lawyers 
- work which is challengIng , responSIble 
and Intellectually stimulating. Lawyer's 
Assistants are now so Critically needed that 
The Institute for Paralegal Training can 
offer you a pOSition in the cIty of you r chOIce 
- and a higher starting salary than you'd 
expect as a recent college graduate Here 
IS a career as a profeSSional With financial 
rewards that IrIcrease With your developing 
expertIse. 

If you are a student of hIgh academiC 
standing and are Interested In a legal 
career , come speak WIth our representative 

Contact the Placement Office 
A representative of The Institute 

Will VISit your campus on 
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17 

NOTE If the above <late IS Inconvenlenl for you , 
pleasp call or wrlle The Inslltute for Informallon 

The Institute for 
Paralegal Training 

t3th ffoor Pa 1910 

Kairos 
Non-Verbal Evening-Len 

Beverly Engel 
Harris-

Non-verbal exercises to demonstrate experien-
tially, the quality of intimacy charactf'ristic of 
non-verbal perception and expres Ion. 

UCSD-Revel/e Campus Formal Lounge 
ov. 10-8:00 PM 

HOO GE.'nPra/; $2.00 SrIJdpnt5 
239-4474Kalro~ 

11 \ b5. way- $1.98 

Film/John Berger lAFS) 

Catonsville Nine 
Here is the kind of film that really should be shown in 

Middle America and probably won't be. With in 90 
minutes, it condemns the Vietnam war, lambasts the· 
Catholic Church, and challenges the American legal 
system, and of course, by implication, the American 
way of life. 

Is it allY wOrld r that "The Trial of the Catonsville 
NinE''' has already closed in New York and Los Angeles 
and has only been shown once in San Francisco-at an 
AC.LU benefit? No, don't stop reading now ... 

Naturally, attacking the mainstays of American life 
automatically limits a film 's audience and is bad for the 
box office. Americans catching their Friday night show 
don't want to hear a bun h of radicals runnin g down 
the country, especially if the stars of the show bristle 
with righteous indignation as they attack th sacred 
majJrity's sickly cows, and proselytize passionately for 
CIvil disobedience 

The frlm opens with a series of jerky, hand-held black 
and white shots of nine militant Catholics, including 
prlesls Philip and Daniel Berrigan. The group is in the 
Selective Service Office of Catonsville, Maryland, 
where they seize the files of young men about to be 
drafted 

Outside Ihe building, in full daylight, they set the 
records ablatE' with homemade napalm, then stand 
around the burning embers for about a quarter of an 
hour f'xplaining their act to newsmen while they walt to 
h arre\ted 

When the inevitable happens, the perpetralors 
voluntarily give their names to the police and step 
cooperatively into the paddy wagon. One partitlpant 
obligingly spells out his name for th arresting officer. 
Th date is May 17, 1968. 

The ensuing tnal holds no suspense in the traditional 
sense ,mce it is evident throughout that the militants 
will hI" found guilty: they never seek the court's mercy 
or deny they have violated the law. Our attention must 
msteJd be welded to the screen by the power of the 
moral issues raised during the trial-and the film does 
succed in presenting these dramatically. 

The Berrigans and their colleagues knowingly break 
federal law to save lives and bear witness to American 
genocide in Vietnam, thereby showing that a higher law 
takes precedenc over the laws of men. But the court 
refuses to admit conscience or religious belief as d 
justification for the commission of a "crime." 

The prosecutor concedes that the entire Vietnam war 
may be illegal and the defense maintains that since this 
is so, the right to stop the war by interfl'ring with the 
Selective Service ystem is clear. The court, in an 
attempt 10 exclude events of the world from the 
courtroom, recognizes only that laws were broken by 
the defendants and admits no extenuating cir-

and pathos, the defendants 
have risked their own fate 

to Slap t he napalming of human being by napalming 
pieces of paper. They accept their verdict in religious 
ecstasy, aware of the glory of their act while the scene 
resonates with the shame of a nation which wages a 
barbarous war and crucifies those brave enough to 
stand up against its wrath. The reading of Daniel 

')0 f, t \.1 t.... ') QJ Berrigan's el~quent "Meditation on Catonsville" 
'- ee w \ <: K. c:...;" heightens the tmpa ct. 
40 . For its outspoken handling of pre-eminent political 

1090 

scents ® 70 C ea and moral bsu s seldom boldly confronted in commer-
.J, . cl.1l AmeriCdn film~, "The Trial of the Catonsville Nine" 

We hCl.l/e Oller 4-60 Differ~rrt: is well worth seemg. Moreover, movement and campus film groups should try to show it to whatev r audience 
molds to t:.hoo5e. from. they can muster, particularly in view of the distributors' 

S ~ , ~f::~~;;::~;::::;:';~;;i: :~~~:;:;~;i;;O;;U~~ 
MORENA 6LVD. 

I ~ P P Ij' prObJ,b.IY gOM] p('ople at I{'ast Into examining some 
I...{ ,del'ply held pre)udiLes. II might even sway a f "W, but it 

i, basl( ally too strong and abrasive a statem nt. But, if as 
is more likely, th film attracts an audience alrpady in 

276-6890 . "~mpathy with th(' B nigans, thpn it stands a beautiful 
,ance of maxlml/mg Its effrct. 
Ac.ros~ froY¥\ FC'+OMco.t TOole Ir(t~rsto..t.~ Ij to SCC>. odd 
Drive. 60 £o.. ... t 'to M,,~"4. (31"J. 

Thl' def('ndanl\' willmgn('\; to stand up and ~uffer for 
Ih('ir beliefs catch{'s at the consCi nces of all who hold 

: thosl' beliC'fs too, without acting on th ,m. Y t th 
Cdtonsvtllp ine's apparE'nt urge to suffer, a hristlan 

- OPEN 'TU£S -. :;PtT. to-OIl'" f> 00 (cLo5eo c:,lJ'I .('101'\.) ~ proclivity, IS penpherdl to, and probably mimlcal to, th 
rC'volutiondrY nature of their act. 

Had the d f ndants just wan led to commit a ymbolic 
Continued on page 7 

page 4 Triton Times, Tu sday, November 1,1972 

Theater Tom Lindberg 

A Half-l 
nngly rhythmica l but always raucous. George 

and Milt Savage have successfully avoided the 
rhymes, a<"hieving even in the indulgent love 

old-West naughtiness that ridicules modern 
manlJ whilp praising the timeless free human 

like a ca rtooned quick-draw by a drunken DO( 
Holliday, the New Heritage Theate"'s presentation 01 
George Sza ntoand Milt Savage's "Chinchilla" bolted 
onto the ~tage of the Actor's Qua rter last weekend and 
firmly established Itself as the best non-musical musica' 
to hit San Diego since the latter discovered 
ShakespPdre. John Franklin Ill's country-rock score. 'Jr lom"~ direlted the farcical rampage with a 
performpd by his own band, Starfire, is likeable, and an uctlOf' deserVing recognition . The Actors' 
appropriately ba sic accompaniment to the stage antiCl' ('r I ~ J tmy thedter, no mor than a final refuge in 
but the endearing melodic flavor of the show is nOl _ ,prnPlnt of the ew Plaza Hotel in San Diego; and 
depend nt upon the tunes, which are at best a clever a chinchil la stampedp in such intimate con-
afterthought, but upon the eloquently absurd anc an unenviab le job. His actors dance Simple, 
unabashed mudslinging comedy. "Chinchilla" is ar dances around sparse, freshly dilapidated sets, 
imaginary and imaginative western farce about canle acro~~ the modest stage without concern tor 
barons and chinchilla magnates, the austere life Ofl Ihltmg lack of depth. They are painted faces, 
saloon girl, th perils of mercantilism, and the ew rteel,laughable, and sternly satirical, leaVing no 
more p rilous code of the West which so pedagogical~ social platitude unnoticed by their je ring 
states that "there is nothing like enlightened se!'· bl'NJrd Wilson is a guttural-voiced, convinCing 
interest to grease the wheels of free election." I lorn, and Pally Ri hard plays a dainty but 

The chinchilla herders, under the banner of tt~ hungry Frogoyle. Kathl en Bishop O'Rourke as 
enterprisi ng and uncompromising C. Snavely Frogoy~ ml Suzy oubrette also has talent, consummated 
are at war with the cattle ranchers, inspired by thl hpartbrea~ing lark, "I'm Gonna Cry," the high 
Reverend Mayor Shank Horn, a bellowing, deVOL' f thp show, but she is so cutely voluptuous that 
SNvant of God, the supreme capita list in the sky. Thl she nor I required it. With all that to offer, 
cows are rasping on ch inchilla fur balls; Shank and hI hillo" doesn't even need perti nent mu ic. 
four wives are offering devotions by learning to buy Ie Marget's hilarious but insistently bitt('r por-
teaching to sell; Frogoyle schemes for a of d desperate mother in 
while struggling to keep the bottom from falling a i 
the chinchilla market, and Big Bessie Bumper and an now at t e Old Globe 
bargirls ddnce merrily in the middle, singing of gc Theater through Nov. 12, is perhaps the 
nights and comforting bosoms, and welcoming a ne rnance here in several season. he I~ bold, 
sweetheart into their Ian with the encouraging "vou ill I( and insufferably contend with doing 
get a bang out of working with the gang." Nece ~an g hout h"'l oestitution, and she nearly jeopar-
complications includ a chi nchilla stampede, a broker uth'1r Paul lindel's efferts to conclude his play 
heart ("passion rearranged") and the lawless order hope· 
Sheriff Cash Cavendish and his deputy, Captain Bilh ild ... , the intelligent, introverted younger 
Flowers, who delivers a forceful tirade against r played una umingly by Eleanor Auerbacher, 
and declares that whisky makes him positively hrough the dim light of her confinement to see 
For the grace of love and money, all ends well poetry of science; the wonder of the atom spin 
gets his, Big Bessie g ts hers, Shank and his Mound U~ to create a miraculous diversity of 
theirs, and Frogoyle continues to chase his, foll mvl",.' vision is intNrupted by the grim r ailty of such 
Shank's resurrected first wife, entombed and as her mother hecomes a frantic, d solate 
for 30 years, who carri s her cult westward to plJshpd to thE' limit of stability by her thanklpss 
where "all is permitted and anything believed. rH~lng an older d.lUghter, Ruth, an epilepti ; 

These rustically- lothed and rusty-throated nirlnpe'I''''dlhllde, a struggling stud nt who can't cope with 
stand indolently on th honor of the West, a s 11Pr 's dl'mands and s eks refuge in her science, 
loaded trap that can clamp shut at the slightest ~ a pet rabbit which hpr mother muil ,sly calls 
bance, s nding them flying into a ridiculous co '\ngora manur(' machin ." To support her 
pop lament triggered by the ever present weigh l the mother has taken in a spnile, lifeless 
finances .The music is pleasant enough, dashing th ' I but aban doned by a care r-gl rl daughter, 
the contemporary adolescent funk scene with a r thp four wom('n ~pin in continual argu-
sense of humor; but Franklin is pushing too hdlr£'d brpcding out of ml understanding and 
some sort of flaming poetics. Musi al comedy lyriCS Ihre3tC'ning final d stru tion of their cirrle. 
n ver writt n to be rapturous verse any mor tha <unbitious scienc(' project, raising marigolds 
po try is writt n with the intention of being se1 tor £'d exposed to varying degre s of gamma rays, 
greas d, foot-trapping tune. For the score to escap t~ threatens the family, but wh n even Ruth shows 
all-too-imminent mark of a Hallmark greeting card t~ hat hE' has made the finals of th tion , 

eo,. .f 

Classics/Charles Hyde 

Parkeningism 
On Sat _ . .ray night, Oct. 28, the Recital Series of ''1e La 

Jolla Chamber Orchestra opened with Christopher 
Parkening, classical guitarist. He presented a superb 
concert, varied in styles and excellently performed. 

Historians trace the ancestry of the guitar to ancient 
oriental instruments, as far back as Egyptian lutes 
appearing in 500-year-old frescoes. The word "guitar" is 
probably related to the Greek "kithara," an oriental 
instrument introduced to Rome and later to Spain. This 
three-stringed instrument was modified by the invading 
Moors in the Eighth Century; they brought an oval-
shap d "guitarra morisca"; the result was a npw design 
and a fourth string. 

No further structural changes occurred unt il the 
S.xteenth Century, when a fifth string was add d and 
the instrument renam d the Spanish guitar. luan Carlos 
A nat published the first treatise on the Spanish guitar in 
1598. By the end of the centu ry the instrument had 
become popular In Italy. 

In the Eightel'nth Century Frav Miguel GarCia, a 
mastN of the Instrument, added a sixth string and thus 
completed the development of the spanish gUitar as It is 
known today. 

During this period the guitar became a favored 
instrument in royal households throughout Europe, 
rpplacing the outdated lute. Jabdo Kirkman, a harp-
Sichord maker who feared the guitar would ruin his 
trade, con trived a nl'farious scheme to discredit It: he 
bought a largl' number of inexpensive guitars, which he 
gave away to criminals, beggars, thugs and other 
disreputable elements in England, with free imtrurtion 
in ribald songs He apparently succeeded, becausE' for a 
time the unsavory association brought the guitar into 
disrepute and thl' sale of harpSichords Incrf'ased 

Early In the inl'te('nth C('ntury inter 5t in the guitar 
qUickened in England through the influence of panish 
Instrumentalist and composer Fernando Sor. Sor was 
the composer of numerous works for the guitar, and 
was a great admirer of Mozart; his "Variations of the 
Magic Flute" were performed by Parkening. Another 
famous gUitarist of thiS time was Malluro Guiliani. Great 
competitions were organized between these two per-
formers; the consensus was that Sor was the better 

composer but Guillani the betlPr performer, prompting 
a contemporary to state " ... the composi tions of or 
performed by Giuliani must have left little or nothing to 
bE' wished for with regard to perfection on the guitar." 
Niccolo Paganlni, regcHded as the composer of ome of 
thp most difficult music for the violin and one of th 
greatest virtuosos for that instrument, abandoned the 
violin for three vears, during which time he played only 
the gUitar. He wrote at least 140 solos for guitar. 

Thp gUitar as an instrument for performing clas~ical I 
music has undergone a great revival m the Twentieth 
Century, due initially to the efforts of Andres egovla 
The first imp tu, to th(' revival was providpd by Fran 
cisco Tarrega, a great innovator as a perform\,'r and a 
transcriber of the compositions of Bach, B ethoven, 
Alb nlZ, and Granados. 

Christopher PMkl'ning started playing the guitar at 
age 11 in 1958. He decided to go clas~icdl instead of rock 
after a cousin's suggestion to listen to egovia and then 
dpcide. As Parkening said, " The impres<ion was so great 
that I start d to study In earne t " He was selected to 

play the premier of the Castelnuovo-Tedes 0 second 
guitar concerto at age 17, haVing won a full choluship 
to stu dy with S('govla at 15. Parkening I a full lime 
instructor and head of th guitar department at thp L 
chool of Music He ha\ performed as soloist with more 

than 20 orchestras dnd ha ,erved on severdl Il1t('r-
national jury. 

PMkening playC'd sevl'rJI short worJ...s by lohann 
E'bJstldn B,lCh "Preambulo-Allegro VIVO" b} AIC''isan 

dro (arlatti, "PrE'luot' and glguP" b) ylvius Ll'opold 
WI'IS,; "VaJiatlons on d Th Inl' by M07cHt" bil l ernando 
or, tau rice Ravl'l, D('bussy, Sa\ll', olnd, a, dn I'ncorc 

" L{'yenda " by Albl'nl" I Ie pldy('d .111 with grd({' and 
virtuoSit ; if ver I hJ~e wdntNI to dt'\crlbl' a pC'rior-
m.lncC' as pprfE'(t , it would bE' now 

Half-Li fe Continued from center 
the mother reluctantly agrees 10 cooperate, dreSSing m 
elegant 1950 satin and fluff for the awards presentation. 

She becomes temporarily a loving, understdr ding 
mother proud of her daughter'S achievements, but 
when she again breaks down In depress;on and retuses 
to go, Marget's performance almost contradicts th 
play. Her attitude changes are almost too precise too 
contrived, and her reversal to destitution is all too 
predictable. She plays a crafted, tightly controlled role 
of a woman aware of her stability and capable of 
walking the edge, remaining together only by tormen-
ting her family with cruel sarcasms. When Mathilde 
explainS the term "half-life" to her she embraces It as a 
metaphor of her own life' "you're looking at the 
Original half life." Her anger with lite IS always un-
prPlentious, bitterly laughable and almost charming 
Mathildl"s exploration of life mject\ vigor mto thl' 
family; she marv{'l~ at the discovery thdl life is governed 
by the magical whirl of atoms and thf'l( glOriOUS 
mutations and believes thai out of thes Inevltablp 
changes will come new hope. Her singular awarenl'ss 
brightens the grim stage that Paul7indel has set , but lhl' 
mother\ weighted, Immobile cynicism, that has brutall~ 
r('stricted hl'r dau~hter's iivps, han~< untouched b, 
Mathildp's hopeful mutatIOns and " a rugged, di\-
tasteful charge against modern American life. 

SI\I\10\IE 

Colorlill "k I :wl ion 
in IIH' :--II'ITd' . 

HOI·kif" dntl \11" 
I" \\ arft'n \11111'1 

:-. 1'0 II () rl'd IJ ~ 
un Uif'!!() :--I,j (:11111 

\m. 12 B:()() P,lll. 
Bli SS \lldilOf'ilHlI 

Sail Dipg'O 
IIi h ~('ho()1 

l.Ja Jolla 
hor 
lark t 

::!::!')l) \\I ' llld,1 ,f" Lt 1'11\ 
PhOiIf 1')11 ·:1 Ill; , 

Lc,v,t -0 t~~ 
:tc~~MI 

icJ/), Groreri(' ... 
T)rod II ('c. 
\Icats. 

Unu J1; ' .i pr,r l.'lIt; . ) 
," '1 1" :1 tlTI' ".',1 I( to": 

n."", ' .of Iti t rl l oJ'l.t 
r , h "fi r fl. ",' "u Dj I 11 

\ inc ('( Bre 

i ' 
: I 

Pacific Coo~t Hwy . at '0 ' St . 
Encinitas · 753-4397 

\ 

Emkn [-1}:\", OltUt; ) 011 the con trJ · 
c.t:rU\ e prOll("ll(ln and r(-'J ( f' ot 
mind ~ou "'.lnt anJ ntcd (or \our 
(od .. }~ .lnd romnr rO"4\ 
De\ciorc.d v,nh "OUf nr~J\ in 
mInd, No hormon .. rhlr m l~hr 
dIsturb lour bod\ <\ "em or .ffect 
'our ~cner.1 h .. lth .nd .... ft· 

belnE: Femln,ne, D.inty Gende. 
Naru .. 1. INurhu 01 you WIll be 
aware or its I'rrscnct ,) 
Use only when protection" 
needed . Applied In seconds, .fTee-
live Immedlalely BockeJ by over 
len years of c1in",t .. sling and 
use by millions of women 

AT D,,"UGSTOkn. 
WITHOUT r"E$CJIPT10N' , 

EMKO, . FIR T IN FOAM 
... TWOWAY: 

REGULAR 

U.,h ,h, 
"pp'''''''' 

PRE -tiL, 
• itA ,h, 

[ 
1 Iha, /I 

MICH1EtCRiCHTOJI {11M 
8'30 ONLY allmlf 

T RT FRID y~~~ • • f '''' 

Tr~ton Time , Tu ov('mb r7,1972pag 5 



If You're Having 
Fun, Who Cares? 

KYOKOTA LEAGUE 
BUTFAKES 5 0 
YUBA CITY 5 0 
BIG NURSE 3 2 
DUBIES 3 3 
KWISAL 1 4 
GOONS 0 3 
KRABS 0 5 

Q UESTION : What is wrollgwith the above standings? 
ANSWER: It's very simple. 
Remember, this is MEN'S FOOTBALL. ow, with this 

in mind, notice which teams are tied for the league 
lead! Notice further that both are undefeated ! Now for 
those who don't know the BUTFAKES or the YUBA CITY 
HONKERS, these standings may mean very little. But for 
those unfortunate few who know anything about the 
flag football teams mentioned above, the realization is 
that these teams are not only bad, they' re terrible! 

Take the FAKES, for instance. This team is composed 
of a bunch of crazies who run the gamut from the 
ridicu lous to the absurd . The CHOKEFAKES have been 
so nicknamed for their uncanny ability to blow anything 
if given sufficient time-like maybe two seconds. The 
fact that through no fault of their own they have 
managed to go undefeated this year would have to 
qualify as the upset of the century, were not the 
HO KERS in exactly the same situation . YUBA CITY, 
who came into this season prepared to bask in the glory 
of their 1-13 record over the past 2 years, is led by a 
diminuitive quarterback whose passes remind one of a 
sqUirrel trying to throw an oversized walnut out of a 
forest. 

Th E' rpason that these two rummy teams are tied for 
the Kyokota League lead is because the Kyokota League 
was designed by the Intramural Department specifically 
for rummies-and after all , somebody's got to lead the 
league. The only qualifications for this league were 
either receivers who couldn't handle a pass or a QB 
who couldn't handle a hike. Not surprisingl y, all the 
teams in the league are proficient in one of the above 
and th(' GOO and KRABS manage to excel at both. 
The lact t hat the~e teams seem to enjoy themselves as 
mllch or more than any others in intrdmural football is a 
rpflpuion of the easy-going attitudes of the team 
ml'mber~ as well a5 the fact that football ('a n be a lot 
more fun when you're not on the short end of a 50-5 
Ie-ore 

In \porh, WP obvlouslv can't all be winners. But If a 
game i, playpci for pnjoyml'n t ilnd ('xpr('iw rather than 
r wngp and ego, I'"pryone ca n ('oml' out ahl"ld It was 
with thiS feeling that intramural spor!', wpre organi71'd 
and It's thl< feeling that continues to bring more ?nd 
morp UCSD students into the Jjrogram 

Everybody 
knows Bill Smit 

but not everybody 
knows that he's 
left German Car 

Services and opened 
his own shop 

in So/ana Beach 

Bill services only 
Volkswagens 

& 
Porsches 

If you haven't met Bill yet, go on over 
to his shop, It's next to the 

Bank of America 

7:30 a.m.-S:30 p.m. 
343 S. Hwy. 101, Solana Beach 

755-3323 

I Up At Redlands 

Water Polo: A Ref Game 
One of the joys of interco llegia te competition is the 

opportunity to travel to the home ground of other 
teams, and interact in a new, different and challenging 
setting. For the UCSD water polo team that means a 
thrilling two-hour drive, cramped in nine or ten to a 
car, up scenic 395 to some of the garden spots of 
southern California. Friday last was one of those rare 
moments, and the paradise was Redlands. By twilight 
everybody was having second thoughts about the 
privilege of representing a school who lavishes so much 
on its intercollegiate teams, doubts about the Depart-
ment of Highway engineering, shudders at the thought 
of Gary driving again, and most of all disgust with the 
practice of using the "home" situation to attain a subtle, 
but none the less, "fair advantage." 

The place was Redlands, where the map people 
undoubtpdly erred in the spelling, for it might more 
approriately be referred to as Refland. !t was in 
actuality a triangular match, disguised as a dual meet, 
including Redlands, UCSD and a smaller team wearing 
funny striped shirts and virgin white pants. No one 
could tell if they wore them to symbolize the fact that 
they had no experience, or as a deception, for they 
were seemingly quite versed in screwing people. No 
matter, the net result was the same, nine against seven, 
and in anybody's book that's a little two lopsided. 

One of those real challenges was the pool itself. 
Stoner is a shrimp, but when he has to stand on 
someone's shoulders to reach the deck to get out, 
there's something weird in th puddle's construction. 
And it was so narrow that BJ hit his head on one side 
while diving in from the other. It might have been a 
lousy pool, but at least the lighting was bad ... 

By halftime of the game, Sick Stoner had managed to 
coax the ball into the goal twice, and Pixie had pumped 
one himself; 3-1 Tritons. Midway through the third it 
was 5-2 and though the local's play was lethargic at best, 
it was adequate. And with perfect timing as the final 
quarter approached, there began, as the saying goes, 
the turning of the screw. The 9 on 7 began to take its 
1011. 

In the fourth quarter, the fit really hit the sham. The 
Tritons scored four or five times, but only one was 
allowed. Why? Well, there was an "inside the two" 
violation. That meant that if Refland got within two 
goals, then the Tritons would not be allowed to score. 
Period . Then there was "off the bottom." That meant 
that if there was a Triton on the bench who wasn't 
sitting on his ass with his mouth shut, the goal couldn't 
count. Perhaps the biggest mistake the Tritons made 

wa~ failing to get a copy of the rules, the Refland rules, 

Sunris£' 6'21 Sunset 5:06 
AM HI. PM HI. AM HI PM Ht 

ov. 6, Wed., 
0\.9, Thurs . 

NOli. 10, Frl. , 
Sunr,,£' 6 26 
Nov 11, Sat., 

ov. 12, Sun., 
"Iov 13, Mon., 

Oil 14, Tu£'s., 

Every-
thing 

9:25 6.2 
9.52 6.0 

10 ' 25 5.7 

Sunset 5.02 
11:07 5.3 
2:51 3.5 
3:54 3.6 
4 ' 27 4.3 

11.16 3.5 

12'08 4.9 
1 :25 4.5 
3:03 42 

2:56 2.4 4:45 
3:24 26 5.26 
3:45 2.6 6:17 

4:22 31 7:12 
5: 44 3.3 8 :08 
7.57 3.3 9:08 
9:51 2.9 10 .00 

For 
$159.95 

0.1 
01 
0.3 

0.5 
0.7 
0.7 
0.6 

belore the game. 
Funny, but as the score for Reflands went up, so did 

the f requency of whistles against the Tritons. By the end 
of the game the Good Guys had been awarded 32 
reprimands, the Reflands 16. Twenty-three of thos!' 
came in the second half, banishing four Tritons from 
the game. Concurrently, Redlands was using some 
brilliant ball-handling techniques: like taking the ball to 
the bottom and bouncing passes off that six-foot gutter 
With a minute to go Reflands put the ball in the goal 
for the go-ahead point. A Triton time out and a new 
plan worked almost to a "T", but not quite to a SCor(> 
This was not to be a day when the Tritons could See 
victory, for the chlorine was so bad that by the end no 
olle could see anything ... 

In more than just slightly better retrospect, certainly 
no blame or censure can be aimed at the Refland ~ 
players. They were as gracious in victory as last year in 
defeat. And the .coach was thoughtfully apologetic too. 
In Pixie's words, "All the guys on their team except the 
ones in stripes were really nice." It was a sad situation, 
which if nothing else, made the Tritons appreciate thp 
difference between just plain bad and blatant bias . It 
points out that somewhere there is a lack of quality 
control which is hard to combat, especially when one of 
the refs (should we spell that r .i.) conveniently forgot to 
sign the book . It is essential that occurrences like thl ~ 
especially incite 10 action . It there is one saving gra r(> 
about athletics which cannot be debated, it is that it 
ordinarily fosters an interaction based upon fairn ess 
This, along with the intensity of participation is thp 
essence of competition, even in water polo, a game so 
heavily based upon the ability to cheat. But that is a 
mutual indiscretion, something which is expected of 
each team by the other, within the accepted ethics of 
the game. Without the ethics there is no game. A game 
·without refs is anarchy! But a game without ethics is 
criminal. The season record now stands won six, lost six, 
screwed one. 

Records : latest arrival home of the season. And a foul 
on the "bench," perhaps for being board? Plus, Norm 
with no "no-no's". Highlights: Sex ymbol B.B. 
(Beautiful Bogseth) with seven saves almost offset the 
scoring thrust of the refs . I Coed !';:;;;;;:;:;=; .. 

Tennis 
This coming Sunday (the 

12th) on the Muir courts 
from 9 a.m. until the last 
player misses his last 
backhand sometime in the 
late afternoon there will be 
two - yes two - mixed 
doubles tennis tour-
naments. We'll have an A 

"t the Corter ... 

1HE EfHGTIl 
GAMMA RAYS ON 
MAN-INa THE·_ON 
by P.ul Zindel 

division for our campus '.Now.PlaymlS. 
Stan Smiths and Billie Jean "curiously funny 
Kings and a B division for yet consistently 
the rest of us who pray for touching dr.m • . 

d h h' Winner of the N.Y the ay w en we can It Dr.m. Critic, "",ord 
two con sec uti ve .nd the Puliner Prile 
backhands. for drom., 1971. 

o find your~e lf a partner I!!!~~~~~~~~ 
and sign up in the P.E. of-
fice by Friday. Then Sunday 
bring a new can of tennis 
balls and $1.00 entry fee per 
team (to help pay for 
trophies) . 

PIIIO POI.ITIC~L IIOVERTISEMENT 

ELECT 
YOUR OW 

COUNTY 
CLERK 

Ll.B. Law Degree & Calif 
Public Accountant 

Bob Miller, 13 yr. Deputy County Clerk, was fired 
without retirement benefits only because he fi led for 
office by his opponent, who was recent ly appointed 
to this elective office. Miller was given no chance for 
leave of absence, yet his opponent campaigns wh ilr 
on the job. 
One clique has, for 40 years, controlled thi' office. 
Your vote can right an injustice and break up this 
" family dynasty". 

11f'(' trophonic/Gdrrard ster- B b' T V 1 MILLER for COUNTY CLERK 
1'0 music center gives you 0 S • • I 
butlt-in-8 TRACK st reo tap • diP. O . Box 6261 284-6109 
player, full size delux Gar· 7557 Glrar Ave. I San Diego 92106 222-3318 
rdrd re ord player I I 
AM/ fM/FM Multiplpx radio. La '0 la 454-0185 I ,imS,lerinIH,P,lm.,y.Iec:1lonnndid.I.,h.u-ndo""dMlller 
~----------------'------------------------ '-----------------
Triton Times, Tuesday, November 7,1972 page 6 

triton tiInes 
Edltor·in-Chier 
City Edilor 
Mall.l ill, Edi tor 
Copy FAitor 
Buai ne81 Ma na,er 
Ediloria l Director 
Art. Edilor 
SporiA JoAl ilor 
PholoKJ'aphy FA ilor 
AMi.tan.t City Edilon 

SecretaI')' 

Camy Sharick 
Carrie Rickey 

Da"id Buchbinder 
Chuck Graham 
Michael Gre .. ne 

Mark SiCKel 
Tom J.ind berl( 
Michael Ralh 

Joe Eastern 

Tommy Calimee 
Richard Drom 

Michael Se.ma 
Corrinnc Cacao 

~ TRtTON T IMES i. ol!ldalfy ftClOCDiR<l .nd .upporkd 
•••• tudt., MW'lINIPf"r by the Com.unications Bo.rd of t~ 
Univtnity of C.li'omia , Sa .. Diet., BuildinK 2.W. MIiIUMWS 
(:ampoll, La Jolla, C. lito."i. t2IIJ7. 
Publiulion i. twice weekly on TueedaYIJ and ."ridaYI. Offlceli 
.... bea~ In room 117 BI.k. "6n. on the Revott.. Campu 
f'or advrrliai nc phone 4.U-H1tt. or 45.1 w 2000. X1011 ; (or 
edltori.1 Or new. phone 45.'.2000. XIOl6 

to Jeff et al 
co n tinued f rom page 3 
word about how many 
beets a day were produced 
in various fields; a secretary 
for prima donna nuclear 
physicists whose pa pers I 
had to rewrite for the AEC 
becausp they were incom-
prehensible; poured t a; 
and when I was 13-15 
worked eight hours a day in 
the theatre whi h charged 
25 cents and was therefore 
a hJven for drunks sleeping 
it off, people who f It like 
masturbating through 
Frankenstein three time\ a 
night, etc. 

In ~hort I feel qualified to 
advise you that there are a 
variety of jobs open to you, 

beside~ being a TA. No one 
is forcing you to read or 
"teach" boring books to 
boring or bored students. 
While being a TA may be 
fru st r ating, annoying, 
fatiguing-you might dis-
cover it is Ics! painful than 
some other ways to make a 
living. In short , I ~m tired of 
hearing moans and groans 
and ('omp'laints from peo-

Dr. Marviil 'Weitzman-~ 
OPTOMETRIST I 
ANNOUNCES 

THI OPINING OF HIS OFFICI f~R THI PRACTICE OF 
OPTOIITI' I AT THE 

NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store I l24S S10RTS ARENA .BLVD. (Acrou Irolll Sports Artlll 
I • EYES-EXAMINED • PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED • ~ CONTACT LENSES.FITTED • REPAIRS. I HOURS:Mon:.Fri. Il·A.M. · 8 P.M.; Sot. 10 A.M.' H .M. 

~ 224-2913 224-~974 
.. {~(; ft_'~'_O_U_Q_ Q 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 

( ____ oCHIII 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , 

"1110 POLITICAL /lOVEll TISl"MENT 

OUST THE 
INCUMBENT 

He was indicted In the Yellow Cah scandal for keeping secret 
campaign contributions. 
He voted to put a commerclal development In a natural 
resource area in the Cuyamacas. 
He mis-used the power of his office 10 vote himself an 
excessive pay increase . (l led a people 's referendum that 
defeated it.) 
He tried to take power from the people by voting to eliminate 
our county officers. (1 write the ballot argument tha defeated 
1 t.) 
We don't need public offici Is such as this. It's tim for a 
c..hange! 

LOU CONDE 
Supervisor for all of the people 

(Endorsed by Spanish Speaking Political Assoc ) 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

pie who dare describe thl' 
agonIes of what is, in fact, a 
fairly pleasant, and certainly 
elitist existences. 
The last Thing We Need Is 

"Fed Up" T A'S 
2) As I mentioned above, 

my experi nce as a TA in 
humanities, and teachi ng iF) 
general, consid rably ex-
ceeds yours-I have taugHt 
for four years in this se-
quence, two sections per 
quarter, three classes per 
year. As one droll professor 
says, I deserve the title of 
rAE merits. I can assert, as 
you have, that there i~ no 
doubt in anyone's mind 
that the program needs to 
be reformed and Improved. 
But the last thing the 

HLirndnitie~ program needs 
is "fed up" TA 's. It is bad 
enough that professors 
forced t o teach such 
courses very often convey 
their disi nterest Immediate-
ly to the class. It is even 
worsl' when T A's extend 
their bias and particularly 
their spleen and ineffec-
tuality through their con-
tacts and the popular media 
In att~e-king a program 

which is absolutely vital if 
the myth that science and 
the arts are totally separate 
is ever to be put in ils 
proper coffin. 

Some Criticism I~ 
necessary; reforms are 
necessary-but what tho e 
of us dedicated to the idea 
you do not seem to 
shdre-that IS, that people 
can both learn 10 read and 
to think-do not nE'ed is 
spleen and whines, but a 
constructive proposal for 

~ 
I 
I, 
~ 

improving the program If 
anything, the Humanities 

~hould bl' expanded to In-
clude personnel from art , 
mUSIC , psychological 
anthropology, etc The onl .. 
alternative which should 
not be considf'rl'd is aban-
donment. 

love, 
Valerie 

P 5. Gettll1g tlreo IS typical 
of people who atlpmpt to 
do difficult Job~ well . Se 
you 111 t h(> ha II 

Cato nsvi lie ContinUf'd from page 4 
act and test the illegality of the war, hey could have 
taken a single file from Draft Board 33 and made a test 
case of it, thereby escaping or minimiZing pUllishment. 

0, the defendants claim they could not have been 
satisfied to do that. Instead, by destroying nearly 400 
files, they were actually preventing killing. However, if 
that were their motive, why then were they so open 
about their sabotage? Why didn 't they go underground 
50 they could assail a succession of draft boards all over 
the country, saving far more men from war and 
wreaking havoc with the Selective Service ystem? 

The Catonsville ine wanted to inspire war 
resistance-but could it be that they were so concerned 
with vaunting their well-earned moral superiority that 
they may not have chosen the most effective way 0 
oppose the war? Their self-righteous tones and the 
moral prerogatives they invoked as Chr istians leads to 
this conclusion. Yet how can we judge them? 

"STREETNOISE" 
Fri. & Sat . 
Nov. 3 & 4 

Boogie to Rock 
9:00 to 1:30 

Sunday 
Nov. 5 

Mon. & 
Tues. 
Nov. 6 & 7 

Wed. & 
Thrus. 
Nov. 8 & 9 

Fri. & Sat. 
Nov. 10 & 
11 

JAZZ .• Glenn Neff Quartet 
8:00 to 12:30 

"SUN HOUSE" funky fun 
9:00 to 1:30 

Boogie to Rock 
"DR. TRIPP" 9 :00 to 1:30 

Boogie to Rock : 
"STREETNOISE" 

FOOD 

Sunday . .. Lasagna . , 71 t 
Tuesday •.• Spaghetti .• 38 t 
Thursday. , . Chicken, . 95 ~ 

DRAFT BEER 20t from 4:00 to 8:00 p .m. 
COCKTAILS 

After eight $1.00 door charge - Wed. thru Sun. 
Over 21 please 

ACROSS FROM THE STATE THEATER 
NEW MANAGEMENT , • , • , . , , .NEW ':REW I 



• • « « • • • • « • « « • « • • • • • announcements •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• » ................... . 
t uesday 

Tu !s., Nov. 7 ElECTION 
NV:;HT CONCERT 5:30 to 
11 30 p .m. 409 MC a 
" rr usicopolitical mad-
house happening ". 
M c,v ies , lides, video 
tapes, television, dancing, 
refreshments. (1117) 

VOICES, Inc. a remark-
able Black Theatre Com-
pany will present " Mar-
tin " and " Malcolm" on 
Tues., Nov. 14th at 8:30 
p.m. in Revelle Cafeteria . 
Through music, dance, 
drama, pantomime, and 
poetry , the troup e 
presents a moving musical 
documentary on the lives 
and legends of these two 
gre at black leader s. 
(11 / 14) 

There is an informal 
dinner and Bible study 
Tue day for girls . Thi s 
week the topic is " Chris-
tian Marriage". Meet in 
front of lower Blake 
lounge for rtdes at 5:15. 
Be back at school by 8:00. 
Everyone IS welcome 
(11 / 7) 

Tue dav, November 7 3:30 
Gradua'te tudent Council 
meellng, University Exten-
ion Conference Room 

103A "graduate 
stud('nts dre welcome and 
Invited to att('nd (11 / 10) 

wednesday 
TCF meets Wed nlte at 
7 30 In MUIr apt tv lounge 
TopIc to be discus ed 
Christian Friendship 
(11 7) 

Student-Faculty discus-
sion with Professor Ber-
tram Turetzky and 
students from his music 
classes. Revelle Informal 
Lounge at 7 p.m, Wednes-
day , November 8th . 
Students welcome. (1117) 

Wed., Nov. 8 Concert of 
Contemporary Music 8:30 
p.m. 409 MC Works by 
Carl Ruggle s, Harold 
Budd , Tai Shiang li , 
Warren Burg , George 
Perle, Edwin Harkins, and 
Luigi Dallapiccola . (11/7) 
St dents' Inte rnational ' 
Meditation Society 
presents two lectures on 
Transcendental M edi-
tation on Wed. Nov. 8, at 
12:00 in Muir 20 2321 and 
at 7:30 p.m. in Muir 20 
2333. (1117) 

Members of the National 
Speleological Society will 
be meeting Wedn sday to 
organize a Thanksgiving 
weekend expedition to 
Onyx cave. People in-
terested In Speleology or 
cav(' exploration are in-
vited to attend . Lower 
Blake lounge, ov. 7, 4 
p.m. (11 / 7) 

A Literature Department 
Wednesday Afternoon In-
formal Meeting : 
Professor George Szanto, 
author, and John Franklin 
III, composer, will discus~ 
their new joint venture, 
"Chinchilla" at 4 p.m. today 
in the Revelle Formal 
lounge. 

Free Coffe and Cookies as 
always. 

There is a meeting of 
Campus Crusa{fe for 
Christ at 7:00 p.m. Wed-
nesday in the Revelle for-
mal lounge. Leadership 
training classes are from 
7:00 to B:30 and fellow-
ship and sharing will 
follow from 8:30 10 10:00. 
Everyone welcome. (1 117) 

thursday 
TEACHER CORPS, ori -
ginally scheduled to inter-
view students on campus, 
Thurs., Nov. 9, will in-
stead , be on campus 
Tues., ,~ov . 28, in the Muir 
Apts. T.V. Lounge to ex-
plain to students in any 
ma jor, th is federally 
funded internship 
program to assis t colleges, 
universities, and school 
districts, in training quali-
fied gradua tes in speCial 
ski lls for teaching dis-
advantaged youngsters. 
(11/7) 

Thurs., Nov. 9 Don Davis 
one-man band in the 
world's first TOTAL 
MEDIA CO CERT AND 
DISPLA Y. noon 409 MC 
(11 /7) 
Thurs ., ov . 9 CELLO 
CO CERT by Ron Rob-
boy and Grac T' ou 
pianist. 8 : 30 409 MC 
Works by Valentini, Bach 
and Beethoven. (1117) 

Radical Seminar : a di~­
cussion of the cri tical 
theory of MarcusI'. Topic 
for this week i, "alienated 
labor" (Rea on and 
Revolution, p.273-287) In-
fo. 755-3134, Dennis. (a/t('r 
12:00) (11/7) 

Student representatives of 
Cal Western Schoo l of 
Law (accreditated institu-
tion) will discuss the 
schools minority recruit-
ment program to all in-
terested students on 
Thurs., Nov. 9 at 2 p.m. in 
the Revelle informal 
lounge. (1117) 

Mr. Dick Folmer, a stu-
dent at CAL-WESTERN 
LAW SCHOOL will be on 
campus Thurs., Nov. 9, 
from 2 p.m. till 4 p.m . in 
the Revelle Commons 
Formal Lounge. Especially 
interested in minority 
students. Call Career-Edu-
ca tion Planning Services, 
Ext. 2401 for further infor-
mation. (1117) 

A representative from the 
NATI ONAL 0 EANI C 
AN D ATMOSPHFRIC 
ADMINI TRAT/ON OFFI -
CERS CORPS will be on 
campus Thurs. and Fri., 
Nov 8 and 9, on the 6th 
Floor, of Bldg. 20 , Muir 
College. For further infor-
mation and to sch dule 
your appointm('nt , call 
CarC'er-Education Plan -
ning Ser\kes, Ext. 2401 
(11 17) 

general 
Concerning thmC' who 
h Id the book~dlt' next to 
the Tri ton Timf's Ohlc ' 

l a~ t year: What happC'ned 
to the books peopl 
brought to your sale? 
Plea e let us know, im-
mf'dlately hy L ntartlng 
the Triton Time Office <0 
that ~e ma~ pld up our 
book< or the monC'y for 
them if we Wish fhank 
you. (1117) 

M ixed doub les tennis 
tou rney-Sunday, 9 A.M. 
Mui r Courts 2 
divisions- for the good 
and not-so-good. Sign up 
in P.E. office by Friday, 
$l.00/team Op n to facul -
ty , staff and students . 
(11110) 

Stan Green , a law 
graduate student at UCLA 
will be presenting a free 
magic show in the Revelle 
Cafeteria on at., Nov. 11 . 
He will demonstrale the 
powers of his magic wand 
from 8:00 p.m. until 11 :00 
p.m. that nighl. (11110) 

A representative from 
STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
SCHOOL OF LAW will be 
on campus Frt ., Nov. 10 in 
t h e Mu i r Apts. T.V . 
Lounge. For furt her info., 
cd ll Career -Edu ation 
Plan ning ervices, Fxt 
2401. (1117) 

The An omaly Fa tory 's 
curr nt run of the "A-
mazing Amalgamated 
Amorhous" will be ex-
tended through Nov. 18th 
due to popular demand. 
"Amorphous" is a multi -
s ' nsual theatrical maze in 
which the audience is free 
to choose their own direc-
tion, length of stay, and 
d gree of participation. 
Performances are every 
Fri . and Sal. with persons 
bing admitted every 5 
minutes between 8 and 9 
p.m. Purcha I' of tickets in 
advance at Urey Hall Box 
Office or at MC 257 is 
rl'commended a~ " Amor-
phous" is often sold oul. 
(11/17) 

A representative from the 
EQUITABLE LIFE ASSUR-
ANCE COMPANY will be 
on ca mpus Tues., Nov. 14 
on the 6th Floor, of Bldg. 
20, Muir Colleg to talk 
with stud nts interested in 
employment as Career 
life Underwriters. Re-
quirements are a B.A. For 
further info and appoint-
ment, call Career-Educa-
tion Planning Services, 
Ext. 2401 . (11114) 

Attention all students, 
grads, faculty, and staff ! I 
Fencing Club will meet 
Nov. 12, 7-9 p.m. in north 
balcony of gym round 
robin fencing bouts & 
some lessons will be held 
(11110) 

Representatives from the 
DEPARTMENT OF 
H EA LTH , EDUCATION, 
AND WELFARE wi ll b on 
ca mpus M on., Nov. 13 on 
the 6th Floor, of Building 
20, Muir College to talk 
with students of all majors 
rC'ga rding HEW's Manage-
ment Intern Program. Thf' 
program consis ts of four 
9-month job assign-
m nts, supplemented by 
formal training course . 
Assignments are designed 
to provide on -the -job 
training in the fields of. 
general admi nistrati on , 
personnel management, 
financial management , 
and program adminis-
t ration. The y are in-
terested in talk ing with all 
individuals, however th y 
are particularly int rested 
in me ling with minortty 
and women students. For 
further info and inter-
view, call Career-Educa-
tion Planning Services, 
Ext . 2401. (11110) 

....................................................................... » ................................................................................................ » ...... .. 

............................................................................................. It .... advertisements fo r ourselves .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . 
for sale 

For Sale 1970 Opel station-
wagon $1000 or best offer 
Call 755-3025 (11/7) 
For Sale 1972 Datsun 1200 
$1500.00 or best offer Call 
755-3025 (11/7) 
BOSE!! 901 Direct/Reflec-
ting Speaker Systems, 
With or Without fancy 
enclosures and equalizers. 
50% off! Call 565-2781 ask 
for John. (11/7) 
1970 CB 350 Honda. Ex-
cellent Condition. $450. 
Ca" Jeff 755-8697 (1117) 

VW SQUAREBACK 1965 
GOOD CONDITION 
$450.-FIRM ; 755-3485 or x 
1932 (11 / 7) 

For Sale '64 Falcon sta . 
WI· n. $350453-3979 (11 / 10) 
19>4 Chev Impdla 4 dr 
hi rritop auto trans Onl' 
ov nf'r Exc. mpch r ond 
BI ~ t offer 7 55-9212 
(1 110) 

1(511He PI 341 , I-'IN 
ti , ('\ bdlter~ stariN, el r 
P. sed CHP Imp.-75~ 8169 
1" "ntngs. (11 '10) 
A Jto cover to fit Chev 
Irlpala or like, Rugs, [Iec-
tr cRoom HC'ater, WatN 
h :ne Call Tom, 206 
Galathea 451-3457 (1117) 
For Sale. ~kls, BlllZarrl 
Formal Racers-SL, Fischer 
Impertors, 200 m. Call 
Ldd, 453-9160 (11/7) 

For Sale: Men's Buck le Ski 
Boots and rack . Size 9. $30. 
Call 453-2451 , eves. (1 1/7) 
Fine Spanish gUitar by 
Solar Gonzalez. Imported 
in August. $300 w. hard 
case. 453-5346 (1117) 
10-bike $85, Gild gytar 
w/ case $325, port. colTV 
$180. D ick at 225-8303 
(11/7) 
Car for Sa le 1966 lzusa 
$175 Good Transporta-
tion, Terrific gas mileage. 
Call Lee 272-5247 (1117) 
Kenwood K.A. 6000 Amp 
$190. Kenwood KT 7000 
tuner $190, Phon 453-
6454 (11/7) 
Girl 's 10 speed bike, $60. 
Desk with saff' , $35 . 
Refrigerator, works good, 
$20. stereo $20, 5 gallon 
dquafium with fish , $10. 
755-8190 (11/7) 
MI OLTA OWNERSI 2 
lenses for sale, M -
Rokkor 35 mmf2 8, 
135mm f2 . 8~ both $150. 
John 755-7604 (11/7) 
YAMAHA lROcc . Good 
running conollion . 8500 
miles $225 454 - 1745 
(11 / 10) 
For Sale: 8 feet by 12 fl'l'! 
tent $25.00 Leave m s~dlle 
for Chnst I at 755-1254 
(11110) 
rOR LE . 5 piNe cambo 
drum set w/ cymbals, stool 
$150. 114" Vot! wet suit 
(med) Nlkon rTN Cdmera 
call 753-9655 (11110) 

1960 Porsche Sup('r 90 
Cabriolet - p 'ed Equip-
ment Sharp-$2000 or best 
offer-Call Jack at 272-0965 
AftE'rnoons (11110) 

housing 
MONTHL Y RESIDENCE 
HALL HOUSING 
PA YMENT DUF. 11 / 9/72. 
PAY ON TIM!: - AVOID 
A LATE FINE ! (11/7) 

Female Roommate 
Wanted to share a 2-bdrm 
apt. in P.B.- $60 d mo. Call 
272-8099 (11/10) 

Need d: Roommate (M 
o r F) to share 3 bdrm. 
house in Cardi ff w/2 m's. 
Rent $78. 2043 Ed inburgh 
51. We do yoga. (1117) 
Wanted, Female room-
mate. Share 2 bdrm. apt. 
in PB for $75 & uti!' Call 
Eldine-days at 291-3330 
xlB58 or 272-8496 eves. 
and wkends. (1117) 

N W , 3 bdrm, 3 bd. apt., U. 
City, crpts . , drapes, 
d'washer, stove, garb. dis-
psi, garage, $270, 272-6565 
or 453-8412. (11 / 10) 
Need roommate for mid-
November to Jan . or Jun . 
FemalE' Del Mar- '12 block 
from beach, 2 bedroom, 
$112 per month . all 
Kathryn-evenings at 755-
1473 or days at 453-7500, 
C'xt 3393 or 3381 . (11/7) 

lost and found 
W ill the pe rso n who 
rtpped off my BMW 
helmet (w blue shield), 
scarf, -shirt, and r glove, 
please return the lone 
glov(' or tell me where to 
send the left. Paul 2820 
CaminO Del M . 755-3147 
(11/7) 
lost : a Lutz slide rule 
about two or th ree weeks 
ago, if you find It please 
ca ll 224-3945 Thank You . 
(11/7) 
Lost: A grey and white 
Husky named BUG in En-
cini tas area. If found ca ll 
753-3197 anytime. (1117) 
Do you have my cat? H(' is 
black and white with a 
bell and a fl ea ollar, and 
has been gone for a we k. 
Please call Rick at 453-7664 
soon. (1117) 
Lost- One, larg long-
haired German Shepard . 
Long black fur with tan 
markings. He's deaf but is 
known as OZ. Last seen in 
La Jolla two weeks ago. 
Please get in touch with 
me. H means a 101. Call 
459-6603 and ask for 
K Is y. (1 1/7) 
I lost a b lu e spird l 
notebook in Rpve lle 

om mons on Th Nov. 2 If 
found, ca ll Joe at 453-7168 
(11110) 
Found : 1 hell Cr('dil ca rd 
in parking lot East of Gym. 
Contact Doug mith at 
Ext. 2641 or at home 276-
8727. (11/7) 

FOUND : A PAIR OF 
MEN'S BLACK GLASSES, 

OV. 1. CALL 453-6656 
AND ASK FOR DELORES. 
(11/7) 

travel 
EUROPE-ISRAEL 

EAST AFRICA 
Student flights . Inexpen-
sive stud.ent camping 
tours throughout Europe, 
Russia, and Mexico. Offi-
cial SOFA agent for inter-
European student charler 
flights, including Middle 
Eait and Far East. tudent 
Ski Tours. European used 
car purchase system, Con-
tact: ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd. No. 4 l.A. 
Ca . 90049 Tel ' (213) 826-
5669, 826-0955 (11 / 24) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
No more club f esl 50 
Departures, al so NYC, 
Japan & Australia. Youth 

~ares, too . Since 1959: 
ISTC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, C<I. 90210, 
(213) 275-8180 

serVIces 
BM'N :>AAB 

CONTINENTAL MOTORS 
bOl So. Hill 

OceanSide 722-8114 
We ervlce all makes 
of fo rel~n ca rs (11/ 10 

TYPING - Experienced 
IBM I ctric. R asonabl 
r<lt s. Call 453-8148 (11/14) 

TYPIST: exper, IBM, M . 
theses, PhD. dissert, term 
papers, etc. w/ do Rush 
jobs - n/chg, 453-0656. 
(12/1) 

wanted 
2 need ride to Berkeley 
Nov. 10-12. W ill pay all 
gas. 272-0680 (11/7) 

f REE CLASSIFIEDS 
Classifi€d ads in the IT are 
free only to register d 
grad and und rgrads dt 
this campus. All ad~ must 
be typ d. Due to spa e 
limitations ad can only be 
Ihree lines long, typed on 
a thirty-space line. Any-
thing longer shall b(' 
c harged a co rdin gly. 
o adlinC's ar : 9 a.m . 
Mon. for th 1 u dition 
and b p.m. Wed. for the 
Fri., edition. No phone 10 
ads please. For mor info 
all exl. 1017. 

.. .. • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • .. .. .. .. .. • .. .. • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • » .. .. • .. .. .. .. .. » • .. » .. .. ' 

Triton Times, Tuesday, November 7, 1972 page 8 


