
Volume 1 

Turnabout is Fair Play 
A March. 1972 student referendum at 

UCSD brought the unprecedented action 
of students voting in f.vor of • voluntary 
AssocI.ted Students government. The 
March referendum was ch.llenged and a 
second one held in May where students 
voted to tax themselves a m.ndatory 
Student Activities fee. 

The March balloting had 1903 un-
dergraduates ("1 .~. of those eligible) 
voting. 1387 (72.9%) favored voluntary 
monetary support for student govern-
ment end 516 (27.1%) supported the 
status quo: keeping a mandatory 
membership In the Associated Students 
upon undergraduate enrollment. 

The former Associated Students fees 
were utilized to pay for stipends of the 
ASUCSD officers. partial funding of the 
Communications Board. of the Program 
Board. and a substantial amount to sup-
port the UC Legislative Advocacy 
program (student lobby) In Sacramento. 

With the evident abolition of an 
Associated Students. many realized thQt 
the funding of campus activities and 
media would be greatly reduced. and 
that certain things taken for granted 
would no longer be available. 

The VIce-Chancellor of Student Af-
fairs. George Murphy. in response to 
student queries. sponsored another stu-
dent referendum in May that listed 
itemized questions regarding the extent 
of support of campus activities students 
wished to mandatorily support. 

The second referendum ran as 
follows: 

"The resuh of Winter Quarter releren-
dum regarding AS membershipl lees 
leaves a number 01 questions un-
answered. Certainly the future 01 those 
activities funded by the AS fee is very 
much in doubt. In effort to determine 
which. if any. of those services and 
activities should be continued and how 
they should be lunded. the campus ad-
ministration seeks student advice with 
respect to the following issues: 

" 1) Do you favor the collection 01 a . 
"campus activities fee" from all un-
dergraduate students to be allocated on 
the recommendation of the Committee 
on the University Registration Fee in 
support to some or all of the ·activities 
hsted below? IF NO. do not answer the 
following questions ... If you favor such 
a fee. how do you feel It should be 
utilized?" 

In response to Question 1. 1710 un-
dergraduates voted (40% of those ellgi- • 
ble) with 12 .. 5 favoring such a fee 
(72.8%) and .. 30 opposing the fee 
(27.2%). 

The voters had a change of mind. 

The following I8eues on the Mey ballot. 
were .. follows: (Student ... uked If he 
thought a.pport IhouId be !tIC! ..-d. 
matnt.Ined, deer .... d or eliminated. If 
incru.e or rnaII*In ... checked. It 
counted ... .,.... vote. " decr •••• or 
elirnln8le ... checked. It condIuted • 
negative".) 

"2. Campua Com",",,*-Iions media: 
Triton T"". ClUJ TI",.., KSDT,8IIIc* 

V,*-~, the..,. GeM heve 
been 1Upported ... '1.20 per studenI 
per ~." Results: "2 In favor, 215 
1IfIQ8IM. 

3. "Campus and AS Progr.mmlng 
Bo.rd . .. $1.20 per student per 
quarter ... acIIvItIes IUCh .. concerts. 
IIlms, speak ..... dances, theater procfllC-
tions ... " Positive: 1076. Negative: 117. 

..... Student Organlz.tIons such as 
BSU. MECHA. MOSCA. N.tlonal Black 
ScIenc:. Students Association, Photo 
Club. Dey Care Center ... supported 
$1 . 10 per .tudent per 
quarter ... Aesuhs: 876 poaItIve, 803 
1l8gatiye. 

"5. Off Campus Housing coordinator. 
AS secretary. and an accountant had 
been hired by AS at cost of $1 .03 per 
student per quarter ... " Resuhs: 552 
positive. 723 negative. 

"6. AS Commissioners Specia' Pro-
jects such as Coast Cr.iser. legal 
assistance agreement. and tutorial 
programs at a junior high level sup-
ported a lee of $ .54 per student per 
quarter . .. " Coast Cruiser: Positive: 
739, Negative: "85. Legal Assistance 
Program: Positive: 838. Negative: 384. 
Tutorial Project: Positive: 898. Negative: 
314. 

"7. Multi-campus AS student Lobby 
has been funded ... $ . 21 per 
student/per quarter ... " Positive: 935. 
Negative: 277. 

8. "Necessary OffIce Supplies for 
Associated Students ... $.20 per stu-
dent per quarter ... .. Positive: 757. 
Negative: "69. 

"9. Stipend. for AS officers and com-
missioners ... $.16 per student per 
quarter ... " Positive: .. 7... Negative: 
740. 

" 10. Discretionary Funds for student 
handbooks, AS travel expenses. course 
evaluation forms ... $.1" per student 
per quarter ... .. Positive: 709. Negative: 
511 . 

The results of the second referendum 
were tabulated at the end of July. Vice-
Chancellor Murphy suggested to the 
Chancellor that the results of the first 
referendum be nullified. and that the 
second referendum be adopted by the 
University. and be presented to the 
Board of Regents for approval. 

The Chancellor approved the results 
of the second roferendum and last 
Thursday the Board of Regents ap-
proved the allocation of the new monies. 
a $6.00 mandatory fee which will be 
spent as follows: 

Communications Board @$1.20/-
qtr ....... . .. . ......... ...... . $19.080 

Program Board @ S1 .20/qtr .. $19.080 
Student Organizations @ $1 .10/-

qtr . ............... . ......... . $17."90 
Special Projects @ $.54/qtr ... SS.586 
Student Lobby 21/qtr . . .... . .. $3.339 
Supplies @ $.2O/qtr ......... . $3.180 
Discretionary Funds @ S.1 .. /qtr 12.226 
The proposed monies from the voted-

down measures for AS Administration. 
stipends plus the unaccounted-for 
monies tot.1 $22 •• 19. Monies for 
supplies for • ~t Aaoc:Iat.d 
Students government _e approved by 
the voting students. .s was • dis-
cretionary fund. 

In lieu of .n Auoctated Students, the 
Chancellor has cr .. ted .n advisory 
board called the CouncI on Student Lh 
and In ....... The membership on thiI 
council haa not Y-' been .'IiIIIJI8hed, 
IInce the comm ..... 1tNIf Is ... pending 
further .tudent discussion. The 
Chancellor propoeea that IUdI an ad-
vI80ry committee would meet wHh the 
Ch.ncellor and .pproprl.te ad-
mlnlstr.tOfl to consider mataera af'tec.. 
tlng UCSD studen ... 

A special comrnIttM con ..... ng of the 
three college deana, two students from 
each college. and the VIce-Chancellor 
and the De.n of Student A"~lr. 
suggested to the Chancellor that this 
committee on Student Life and Interests 
be formed. No further prograaa from the 
committee on the committee has been 
reported. 

72 

Keeping Healthy • • • 
All registered students at UCSD are 

covered by the University's health in-
surance and ar':! entitled to care at the 
Student Health Center. located in 
building 302 on Matthews Campus. 
which last year logged over 26.000 
patient visits. 

The center has four lull-time 
physicians and a number of part-time 
staff. At night there is only a registered 
nurse. Her n!.lmber is "53-2697. An inter-
nist is on call. There is a small men's and 
women's in fi r.,.ary. but patients who 
would not be ambulatory in an emergen-
cy are referred to a hospital. Emergency 
cases are taken directly to the most 
convenient hospital. 

The biggest change in emergency 
care is that. according to Defy.· a no-bust 
policy now prevails in all hospitals in the 
county. This is only for emergency 
medical treatment after which the patient 
is usually sent to University Hospital. 
Arrests are still made if you are holding 
on the premises. but the nightmare of 
accidental overdose and arrest is gone. 

Students are covered at any hospital 
anywhere for treatment or hospitalization 
up to S2,5DO and 80% up to $10.000. 
Medical care not ordered by a doctor is 
not covered . 

Students are encouraged to pick one 
of the Heahh Center's doctors and make 
appointments with him to insure con-
tinuity of care. Walk-ins will be seen by 

the first doctor available. According to 
Dr. Allen. the director of Student Health 
Services. appointments can be made a 
day or less ahead of time. 

The center has a pharmacy. Students 
pay only lor prescription drugs on an 
out-patient basis. 

Birth control is available every Mon-
day night and most Wednesday nights at 
the clinic located in th9 Health Center. It 
is open to students and their partners. 
New patients are seen on a first-come, 
first-serve basis and should get there 
around five o 'clock. The process of get-
ting a medical history written. hearing a 
lecture and seeing the doctor usually 
takes several hours. The birth control 
obtained Is inexpensive. 

Emergency re-supply for those on the 
pill is available during daytime hours. 
There is a gynecologist at the center 
every afternoon. The center does 
preoperative and post-operative abor-
tion care. but those seeking abortions 
are referred elsewhere. Abortion is not 
covered by student health insurance 
under any circumstances. 

Maternity benefits are available this 
year to married students for $9 a quarter 
Coverage must pre-date conception. In-
surance for dependants costs $19 and 
includes the maternity coverage of up to 
$300 over the lirst $250 which the couple 
must pay. October 20 is the last day for 
those wishing coverage for depende:1ts 

..... ' rt_ .... , 

Food, Glorious Food Service 
.... DNIR 

The Revelle cafeteria. 
once d ••• t1ed at dinner-
time, now hal more diners 
th.n chairs. Last years' 
small portions Mve been 
rwpIaced wHh an unllmited-
88COndI policy. In Ihort. 
the food .... at UCSD 
h.s been completely 
changed. 

Students who he in the 
dorms now choose 
.,........ • 1 .. or 19 meals-
..... -pIan. This plan is 
alia offered to commuter 
studanIs. Theee meIIIa are 
NrWCIIn the RewIIe. Muir 
and Third College 
cafetert.s. Diners are 
offered .t le .. t two 
different main dishes as 
watI as many entres. "All 
you can eat" meals can also 
be bought Indlvi1ually for 
$1.00. $1.25. $1 .!.'· .. ~2 .oo 
'0)( brunch. br .. kfast lunch 
and dinner respecti'.ety. 

In addition there are now 
live other places on cam-
pus where food can be 

bought a la carte. These 
include the Winzer Com-
mons; the Student Coffee 
House (Hut): the 
ar.tsII ..... below the Muir 
cafeteria; the snack bar in 
the Third College CefMerIa; 
and the North Dintng area 
in the Revelle Commons. 

The birth of this new 
system for UCSD is • story 
in Itsetf. h began last Sprtng 
when the Housing Policy 
Committee ... .s d~" atlng 
over proposed Incr ..... in 
dorm prices. They dis-
covered that the food 
system was not econ-
omical and tilat it was 
causing housing prices to 
rise. 

A comminee of students 
Irom ' each college was 
organized to '~ommend a 
better food service. They 
evaluated and interviewed 
many types. Irom private 
co n nac tors to haVing 
someone Irom UCSD run It 
Their first recommendation 

was to get the director of 
residence foods at UC San-
ta Barbarr. Larry Barrett. 

Some of the contractors 
told the committee that un-
limited seconds policy 
might not be possible. 
Larry said that it would be 
not only possible but prac-' 
tical if the food service was 
property run. While others 
shied away from new ap-
proeches to food service . 
Larry worked on in-
novations. One secret to hiS 
IUCCfISS at Santa B.rb .... a 
lies ir his use of computors 
to pl.tn menus. purchase 
food nnd supply hiS inven-
tory. 

Larry feels th.t close 
cooperation with students 
"'-.,.. .. 't"":t .n r .,,.,... 
operate effiCiently He 
works to anticipate 
problems belore they u ur 
In order to contlOuall Im-
prove service Thus he n t 
only allows. but encC''''ilg s 

l"_ t. : ... ~ , 



dall to Speak 
Former interior secretary St_art Udall will speak at a 

Continental Breakfast Sunday at 11 a.m . at the Plaza 
International hotel in Mission Valley. The breakfast and 
appearance was arranged by Ihe local committee of 
environmentalists working for the election 01 Senator 
George McGovern 10 the Presidency. 

Mr. Udall will direct his address to the environmental 
mistakes of the present administration. The public is 
invited to attend this function for a donation of S3.oo per 
person or $5.00 per couple. It will be held m the Inter-
national room of the Plaza Jnternational Hotel. 

Spokesman from the Committee said that Mr. Udall Will 
point out how another lour years of Nixon w ill mean further 
devastation of the environment that has already gone too 
far . We urge the public to attend this meetmg and learn 
how Nillon has deceived the Amencan Public Into thinking 
that he IS concerned about pollution problems. Richard 
Nixon IS a speCial interest PreSident he has consistent-
ly lobbied against strong proposals from Congress. has 
no spent money appropriated by Congress, and delayed 

frghl aga'nst polluhon and urged weak IcglslallOn and 
dermlned enforcement of tne law' 

Sumner-noon Slides 
The weekly senes of "Sumner-noons" (travelogues and 

~ntertainm~nt) will begin Thursday. October 5. 
from 12 noon to 1.00 p.m. at Sumner Audllorlum , 
ps Inshtuhon of Oceanography ThiS year the series 

IS sponsored by the Scripps Aquarium and being 
organized by Ms. Heidi Dundon. assistant program coor-
dinator. The presentations are given by Scripps personnel. 

and also San Diego area citizens. The first 
I D"e5enllaWDn is a sl ide travelogue given by Stuart Innerst of 

and titled . "The New China nd the New Chinese". 
Innerst, who was in China about fifty years ago and 
rned there just this' past year. will describe the 

I('t" .. 'n~ .. ' he has seen. 
second presentation, " Guatamala", will be by 
Moore on October 12. 
public is invited each week ; bring sack lunches, 

.rr, .. nln" and relations. Volunteers or suggestions for future 
(slides, films, concerts) are also welcome: 

tact Heidi Dundon at Ext. 2380. 

V oter Registration 
The deadline for voter reglstralion In California is 

October eighth. ' t has been estimated by the Student Vote. 
Inc. that upwards of one million t8·24 year-olds are stili 
unregistered with thousands more remaining Incorrectly 
registered The non-profit group claims to be reaching 
about 10.000 voters per weeL Itewlde and the figure IS 
said to be Increasing at the ri:ll~ of a thousand per week 

In add Ilion to the task of registering new voters, The 
Student Vote hopes to reach returning students whose 
curren registration is Invalid because of incorrect ad-
dress. "Thousands of students will become disen-
franchised unless they register at their current address," 
accord n~ to the group. California students may. register at 
their c'.>lIege address. 

In tlte upcoming November election the 2.5 million 
voters could hold lhe balance of Power in 

where we are being faced 'Kit only witt! national 
IEDectio·~ls . but with many initiatives that wilt have a great 
.'nnlJ ..... <:A on young people. The Student Vote reports that 

of live studenta In CeIIfomia .,. registering 
IDelmOulll and .".. among non-sIudenIs In lie 18-24 

' ..... 1IIIion II '*'Y even. In s.n DIego County 
DIt:,*:rllllllrP.ty holds. 33._ ,·,1 1 iid "*' edge 

flaptlbllcaN. For .... on CMIPUI IMItIng 
h",n ... yay ontr ... to .... eround or come to the 

. GftIce. -

egents Nix Dayis 
lit ...... 01 C ...................... trom an ft-

•• :u.. ........... Frioay ........... .., ......... to 
I~==; the ' ....... 01 _mer AcIIng AuIstant I' "01 II lit AftIaI8 DftII. 

Del Mar Seven 
Mlk.s..m. 

On Monday. October 2, 
the trial of a group of men 
now known as the Del Mar 
Seven will begin in Superior 
Court in San Diego. The 
seven men were indicted In 
August by a San Diego 
Grand Jury with felony 
charges for their part in the 
Del Mar demonstration 
against the war whjch took 
place on the night of May 
12, 1972. 

The seven are Tom 
Cozden, Bill Haiber, Scott 
Goodrich, Gerry Lopez, 
Peter Mahone , Dave 
Katzenstein and former Cal 
State at San Diego prof. 
Peter Bohmer. These seven 
men face felony charges of 
obstructing a railroad track 
which carries a maximum 
venalty of five years If con-
Victed . Haiber and Good-
riCh also face an additional 
felony charge of arson 
which could mean three 
more years of prison If they 
are convicled 

On9tnally eight Indict-
ments were handed down 
by ihe grand lury but the 
charges against Ned Van 
Valkenburg were dropped 
Van" aiken burg remains in 
Jail however, faCing charges 
of resl~ting arrest. this 
reporter learned from an 
I nformed sou rce Peter 
Mahone IS In Jail now 
haVing been there for some 
tlmc because of a parole 
vlolalion occurring at the 
time of his arrest in Del 
Mar In a phone interview 
With Scott GoodriCh, he 
said Mahone faces at least 
several months more of Jail 
because of the possible 
duration of the trial. 

What angers many 01 the 
persons involved is the fact 
that the indictments against 
the seven were handed 
down over three months 
after the incident occurred. 
40 persons had originally 
been arrested by the Coun-
ty Sheriffs department, 
most of them being 
charge d w i th mis-
demeanors. The in-
dictments have been called 
"political" by many of the 
persons working closely 
With the seven. In a state-
ment issued by the Del Mar 
delense committee, the 
case against all the defend-
ants IS based primarily on 
the teslimony of several un-
dercover agents who 
mingled with the demon-
strators on the night of May 
12th. It Is this testimony that 
the defense hopes to dis-
credit . 

Also in that statement 
were the issues which the 
s even felt were actually at 
hand: being the continual 
involvement of the U.S. :n 
Indochina. and the use of 
the courts to suppress 
those who dare to oppose 
Nixon's policies. Another 
issue is the " blatanf abuse 
of the right of fr'ee speech, 
since two defendants (Peter 
Bohmer and Tom Kozden) 
are being charged solely as 
a result of their verbal ac-
tivities prior to and during 
the demonstration. 

The purpose of the 
demonstration had been to 
protest the shipment of war 
related materials through 
Del Mar and San Diego for 
eventual use in Indochina. 
Added to the anti-war senti -
ment were the recent 
mining of North Viet -
namese ports and the 
renewed bombing policy 
announced by the Presi-
dent earlier that week Ac-
cording to the release, little 

but a symbolic protest 
against the tram rather than 
a phYSical attempt to stop 
was to be made Around 7 
p.m. a group Of several 
hundred mingled around 
the tracks. some sitting 
down on the tracks It was 
then that the Police 
(sheriffs) declared from a 

helicopter that the 
assembly was illegal. Many 
persons, claiming that they 
could not understand the 
announcement to disperse. 
didn 't move. The police 
moved in quickly, some say 
WllOOUt giving the crowd 
thme minutes to disperse, 
and began making arrests. 

Undue force used by the 
officers was later claimed 
by those who observed the 
incident, including several 
members of the Del Mar 
city council.ln an interview 
with Captain K. Deering two 
weeks later , the claims 
were denied and the event 
which forced the entrance 
of the law officers was 
lermed a "civil disorder" . 

The trial begins Monday 
In Superior Court 222 
Broadway San Diego. A 
vigil will be kept 
through out. The Defense 
committee hopes to have 
the support of the student 
community throughout the 
trial. 

Originally the UCLA Chancellor, Charles Young, sup-
ported Ms. Davis' fight for her job when the Regents voted 
to dismiss her two years ago. Now the Chancellor has had 
a Change in heart, saying he supported the Regents with, 
"In her speeches she has indicated her desire to commit 
herself to a car_ other than teaching. 

Govet'OOI' Reag8n, an ex ofIcIo Regent. cited the r .. eon 
tIvIt ..... Mopped progr .. far tw advanced degr .... lor 
his ewIdent negatM vote Ngerding tw rehirtno. 

Us . .,.. ... originally .....,,1 ••• " by the ~ 
o.:.u.. of MutrwneM encI·dIIIbet .... , ..... N ... 11 I.'" 
10 the puIIIIc. 

The ChIIIrman of tM Depar1meftt of PhIlosophy. 
MoIIIgDmII, FurUI. ,.., .... &1 of ... ......,.. ... Us. 
DeN lie Nhired ............ ""* 10' Ulery .... .. 
.".IN ........ ,..10 finWllnI1rucIIon eccordlng to .. 
two ~ coner~" 

The Anwrtc.n AIIoGtation of ~..., Prof ••• art hili 
ceneuriid UClA for ... naIi ..... 01 1M OI¥II ~. 

UCSDTheatre; No 
a SubscriptionSeaso 
Larry Decke' 

Fall 72 marks a number of advances for the UCSD 
Theatre and Drama Department. particularly the an-
nouncements of the first subscription season of produc-
tions to be presented by the theatre, the new drama major. 
and the addition of a new chairman for the Department, Dr. 
Arthur Wagner. 

Dr. Wagner is no stranger to UniverSities. having spent 
the last seven years preparing professional actors through 
the Graduate Actor Training Program at Temple University 
in Philadelphia , and at Ohio University and Tulane Univer-
sity in New Orleans. Before that, he was head of the 
Theatre Department at Rollins College in FlorIda. His 
scholastic training includes a Bachelor of Philosophy from 
Earlham in Richmond Indiana, an Milo in Theatre Arts from 
Smith COllege. Massachusetts, and a PhD from Stanford. 
He received his profeSSional training from Paul Mann . 
Currently he is Vice President of Theatre Training and 
Practice for the University and College Theatre Associa-
tion . 

Wagner's desire Is to build up the Drama Department 
"until the demand is enormous", and he feels the way to 
accomplish this is through high-calibre productions in the 
theatre. It is in this spirit that the UCSD THEATRE will have 
Its "Inaugural Subscription season". 

Opening the season will be THE SERPENT by Jean-
Claude Van lIallie, a ceremonial theatre piece under the 
direction of Dr. Wagner. II was Originally staged in New 
York by The Open Theatre and received critical praise. II 
Will be presented on two weekends. November 10, 11 , 12 
and 16, 17, 18. 

The second event of the season will be a Black Theatre 
Production under the direction of Dr. Floyd Gaffney, to be 
presented January 26, 27, 28, and February 1, 2, 3. 

The season's third presentation Will be PEER GYNT by 
Hennk Ibsen. under the direction of Enc Christmas, to be 
presented May 4.5.6. and 10. 11 , 12. 

The final production of the season Will be a dual billing 
of two outstanding one act plays The first ; Samuel 
Becketts KfiAPPS LAST TAPE featunng Enc Chnstmas 
under the direction of Arthur Wagner The second piece, If 
available for public shOWing , will be THE REAL 
INSPECTOR HOUND by Tom Stoppard , author of 
ROSENCRANTZ AND GUILDERNSTERN ARE DEAD. 

Also new to the department IS Daniel Dryden, Assistant 
Professor of Drama and DeSigner and Technical Director 
for the Thealre He received his B.A., MA., and M.F A. in 
deSign and Theatre Technology at the University of 
WiSCOnSin , and has served on the faculties of Clark 
College," Iowa. Edgewood in Wisconsin. and the Universi-
ty of WisconSin . He has also worked in summer stock. 

One further new inn"vation for the theatre is in response 
to previous years' problem of haVing to turn people away 
at the door due to sold-out houses. This year. a season 
ticket Insuring seating and providing a reduction in price 
Will be made avai lable to the public. 

... 

Dr. Arthur Wagner, new department chairman for 
Drama, announces Inaugural subscription season 
for UCSD. 

Stadium Music Ban Lifted 
The San Diego Stadium authonty voted Wednesday to 

lift Its ban on mUSical events at the San Diego Stad ium 
because it was determined that the city had been losinq 
from $100,000.00 to $200,000.00 per year by refusing tb 
hold such events in the Mission Valley facility. 

Previously Rock Concerts had been banned at the new 
stadium because of security problems and fear of great 
damage to the field and stands by unruly, drunk and 
stoned young people. The fear was'allayed however in a 
report prepared by Coply International Corporation of La 
Jolla. The potenttal use study for both San Diego and 
Balboa stadiums indicated that the city rewtnuea could 
increase by $130,000 by opening both faclltttes to non-
sporting events. In simpler lerma, the city could recaIWI 
maJdmum profit with min""" damage, 

Ceramics Center Opens 
\ 

...... 8IIOn II .. CIt*' for IiIud.nla ...... 11.,1 In 
....... IN .. 011 paIIary . ... 1 .......... IM1' •• and 
ad ...... 011 •• '" ~ .............. ........, 
'""'" TIutday. TIle __ .. oantIr II ....... ......, 
_II ....... M-Mur .......... cIaya ..... 11w 
c:IeUee .... -. and ftO ...... TIle ...... __ 
II located bat ... " IonMr Hal and'" tym In ... ~ 
00 .... and _ JolIn AII .... ltaro • ....-. 

Triton :rimes Page 3 

Guide for the Perplexed Montessori Courses 
On pages six and seven in this issue, 

will find a flowchart IHuatrating the 
administrative heeds and the 

of the many student affairs 
at UCSD. This article 

on offiCeS in the Student 
Division. 
Vice-Chancellor of Students Af-

s George Murphy, whose job 
... ..cr.riotion would be the administration 

several offiCeS in his department 
special attention to the new projects 
come up during the year. 

assistant is Mary Decker, 
aids him in special sspeets of his 
Both George Murphy and Mary 

_c . . -"._-'- offices are located in Building 
250, Matthews Campus, or call X 2 711 . 

The Dean of Student EmplOyment Is 
Judy Manternach, whose office is 
located in BuDding 210 M.w-t Cam- . 
pus. Students of UCSD and their 
spouses are eligible to apply for jobs 
listed at the student employment office. 
The only prerequisite is to file an infor-
mation card at the office. Students with 
special interests such as babysitting 
may sign up to be "on call" when 
needed X 1936. 

Joan Walsh is the Dean of Inter-
national Education. Her office. located in 
the International Center on Matthews 
Campus is open to all foreign students 
and those students interested in the UC 
Educallon Abroad Program. Various 
language clu bs and groups hold 
meetings and activities at the Inter-
national Center. X 1941 . 

Dr Morton Shaevitz serves as both the 
act in g D i rector of Career and 
Educational Ptanning and the Director of 
Psychological Services. The Counseling 
Services include individual , group, and 
couple counseling. The major focus of 
the counseling services, according to Dr. 
Shaevitz . is " to be available to all 
students to maximize their time at the 
University .. . it's maximum availability 
at minimum cost." (There is no cost.) The 
Career and Educational Planning Ser-
vice tries to "maximize the transition out 
of the university, to help the students find 
work. grad schools, what to do with what 
they have ... and. we also help in how to 
deal with sayinl; goodbye to the Univer-
sity." says Shaevitz. Dr. Shaevitz's offices 
are located in Building 20 at Muir. X2401 
and 2715. 

Richard Whitehill , the Director of the 
Adaptive Learning Program. 'also has 
offices located in Building 20. The Adap-
tive Lea rning Program provides 
counseli ng and tutorial support for 
students with learning problems. The 
manners of aid may be in either clinical 
consultation or support from a corps of 
specially trained tutors. X2401 . 

The Director of Special Education 

Programs and the Educational Oppor-
tunity Program (EOP) is William Byrd. 
This office has a combined recruiting 
and supporting service program. The 
EOP office is on Matthews Campus, 
Building 215. X2162. 

Dr. V. Robert Alten is the Director of 
the Student Health Services on Matthews 
Campus. The Health Services provide 
direct health services to students. A birth 
control clinic is available to students at a 
moderate fee. Infirmary care is provided 
on campus. in-patient service is 
arranged more with University Hospital. 

Dr. Ted Forbes, whose offices are in 
the gymnasium , heads the Inter-
collegiate and Recreational Activities Of-
fices. Many sports and activities offered 
at UCSD are coordinated through this 
office. Nearly 5O%.of UCSD students are 
involved in recreational athletics. X2275. 

The College Deans and Resident 
Deans at UCSD are also part of the 
Student Affairs operation. Muir Deans 
are Jim Beckley, Xl905 whose office is 
on the second floor of 20 and Cleo 
Malone, X2107 the resident dean is 
located on the ground floor of the Muir 
Apartments. Third College Dean Pascual 
Martinez X2412 has an office in the 
Provost's complex, and Resident Dean 
Sidney Glass X1161 can be found at 701 
Matthews. Revelle College Dean Ernie 
Mort X2233 has an office in the Provost's 
complex on Revell&, and Mary Pates. 
X1916 Resident Dean, is in her office on 
the ground floor of Argo Hall - across 
the way from the Post Office. 

Diane Annala is the Dean of Student 
Activities. Her temporary office is in the 
Information Center at the ground floor of 
Urey Hall. She coordinates campus ac-
tivities such as films, concerts, and some 
theatre presentations. 

Lance Belzer is the Dean of Special 
Services. He will be located in Building 
250 and handicapped students and 
veterans as well as those plagued by the 
draft can seek him out for counseling 
and consolation . 

For in formation concerning 
scholarships and financial aid, the man 
to see is Lawrence Dreyer, Dean of that 
office. He and his staff are located in 
Building 213 on the Matthews Campus. 
X1945. 

The Supervisor of Housing Services is 
Enid Hinds, whose office is located in 
Building 250 on Matthews Campus. She 
coordinates the Married Student 
Housing facilit ies as well as off-campus 
housing listings. Her extension is 2021 . 

For legal problems, the person to see 
is Allen Zink, the Direct')r of Legal Ser-
vices . His office is also in 250 on 
Matthews Campus and his extension is 
1941 . 

The E uropean 
Montessori School is 
located In the Calvary 
Lutheran Church, 424 Via 
de la Valle , Del Mar , 
California. The classes are 
taught by Jay & Carote 
Becker, both graduates of 
Centro Internazionale 
Montessori, Perugia, Italy 
and holders of the In ler-
nationale A.M.I. Diploma 
(ASSOCiation Montessori 
Internationale , Amster-
dam). 
The school . which is fully 
equipped with Montessori 
didactic mater i als . 
scrupulously follows those 
precepts of Dr . Mar ia 
Montessori which provide 
that early childhood educa-
tion should allow a child to 
develop to his full potential, 
individually. and at a pace 
compatible with his sen-
sitive Inner needs. The 
Montessori approach to a 
child in the classroom can 
be summed up on ·one 
word : respect. It is th is con-
cept which allows a well -
trained teacher to 
recognize the child 's need 
for independence and yet 
to understand that sell-
discipline is an integral part 
of that need. The school 
strives to guide the child 
towardS self-development 
in a well rounded program 
which includes: 
Sensory-motor mater ials 
and experiences. 
Practical life activities. 
Reading through an out-
standingly thorough and 
proven method. 
Mathematics through a 
concrete approach lead ing 
to abstract ion. 
Foreign Language a prac-
tical introduction through 
daily usage. 
Geography a cosmic ap-
proach to world awareness. 
Botany, biology, music and 
art activities. 
Human relations and in-
creased social awareness. 
Playground period. 
The academic portion of 
the program is carefully in-
tegrated into a total en-
vironment whi4lh imposes 

Teaching Children to Progress 
. Without Competing 

I 

The European Montessori School . a new center for early 
childhood education, is located at 424 Via de la Valle, Del 
Mar Jay and Carole Becker, teacher-directors, studied 
the Montessori Method in Perugia, Italy under Dottoressa 
Maria-Antonietta Paolini who worked with Dr. Montessori 
lor 1hirty five years. They are holders of the International 
Montessori Diploma from Centro Internazionale 

1 - ,.t' I hik I),..., ..... ~ .. M..a Dnry • ..t ....... 1friaII 
. , 

lilal ..., .. ,' 1'1 .... ~I.. ' .' . 
Montessort Afn-..m, ·Ur. Bectt_ -'d, t '"ThIt COIIrI8-I was only offered in ttaII.n and_Mel to-..ctl·for a year In 

/ italian, but It WItS wnalnIy 1IiiOfth the eftOrt.- . 
. The school on.;s de.- tbr c:tdIcIreft .... 2% through 

..... ....... ., ... 

7. The Beckers feel that children of these ages display 
" sensitive periods" toward various areas of learning. "For 
instance" , said Mrs. Becker. "when a child indicates an 
interest in reading, we are ready with a complete scheme 
which isolates each difficulty. Learning to read becomes a 
delight instead of a chore. Each child is individually 
presented with every phase of the program so that he can 
progress at his own rate without competing ." One of the 
basic precepts of Montessori is that a child must be 
allowed to develop his full potential individually and at hiS 
own inner pace. 

"We feel ", said Mr. Becker. "that a well rounded 
program must include far mor~ than jus.' academics. ",!e 
are trying to provide a total enVironment," which the child 
feels a sense of ownership. This fosters independence and 
social progress. When a child has th~ fre~dom ~o choose 
his learning materials, he is conquering hiS enVifonment. 
He begins to respect the rights of others to use the same 
materials. We want to develop thoughtful. civilized people 
and guiding a child toward these ideals is as important as 

"A well-rounded program must 
Include more than Just academics .•• " 
teaching him to subtract." The Beckers feel 1hat parents 
and teachers should serve children as guides rather tha~ 
dictators and towatd this end the European MonteSSOri 
School is offering a series 01 three weekly lectures on 
October 3. 10 and 17 at the school. The subject will be 
" The Montessori MCllhod and its Application" and will 
cover such topics ~s "discipline without humiliation" , "how 
to maintain a Montessori environment outSide of school 
hours", etc. The public is invited and admission is free. 
Coffee will be served af1er a question and answer period. 
For information. please call 755-0664 

natural limits while allowing "Children are liberated 
the child to develop socially to learn for themselves 
and physically in a calm, wilen they are provided 
though dynamic and in- with the proper atmos-
viting environment. The phere and materials for 
sensitive teacher is aware development." 

that~. _______________________ -~Dr~. ~M~a_r~~_M __ on __ t~ ___ r_i, 
What it '-.U • bout· 

JRM .1(1J/lJora GrMrul computm'; pa{X'r ta{X' ""d"",,; 
I iml' .. <liarinp; addrt'ddinJ: '" mailinJl; prvl" .. <ivnal b,lImll. 
.• 'ati.,irol ana(y"iR 

Po~kaRed proprum. Irvm eirmrnlary , 'ati.tic. ~o principal 
~omp()nent fact o, ana!)"; u·, th l'arimOJC rotatIOn. 
.EnJ(I)' the statu 01. MII·actualization 1>;.' prom t data 
armh,.i .• and preparatIOn lar publltallan or ~". . 

In . tunt srroicf'; rompute, t,m" and pro1/rammlRR fJ'!'-
sonn,,1 bv t Ju. u,""our. do.", U " .. 11. or month. 
Wpl'ilend . holiday . " ',"mil" byappvintmrnt 
Loml pltll up and df'lw('r:-. by mait. or r"rr/YfN!' . 
Econom,m/, aeeu",t". fa,,~ Mroicr on small or nrdium 
.izrd .• tati. t irol or romputm/t JOb . 
Teleph .. e: (ZI3)MI-I~H. Teletypee telepltoH 
nWllller.U 13)MI- ISZS . 

DATE NIGHT 
FRIDAY 

3000 MISS ION BOUL[VARD • SAN DI[CO. CALIF 92109 · 488 0531 

RIDE All RIDES 
ALL EVENING FOR ONLY 

7 P.M. 'TIL MIDNIGHT PER COUPLE 

USE ••• 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Servins Ihe fi~1 needs 01 UCSO L~ joIb C~mpu. -
~tO - POINT LOMA ilInd the Y<N YSlDltO HEALTH 
CLINIC penonnel. 

You, C,edit Umon p'O¥;de , brOilld scope 01 frnillocul 
S4!fVic~ deisnrd ncl~dy to bmcfll 1M ~r\lcul", 
nee« 01 ilICilIdemlC "nd KilIrr mt:mber,. OffICe hours "' e 
from 10 AM to' ~ dilIily rK~ on uniYftSi1ll ho/idillys 

• LOW INTEREST LOANS 
• 5 "". '. 'AID ON SHAItES· 
-LOAN I'ItOTlCTlON INSURANCE 
• PHONl WlTHDltAWAL SERYICE 

·!'Mol "'" dMdrnd period 

[][J~~ 
etii\ 

•• El$TUJ1IIlI .... IU.on.... \' . 
· .. _- '. 

5555 Mlldlrd~ .. ~ 1Mto.1118 "-2'1/-18. 
[ilICh ~ Acc:ounr lmurrd 10 WO •• bJ NCUA 



f 
• 
• 

~ t ,. 
1 ;. 

; 

1-------------------,·-------------------, J ~~nn •• n~G""a ... ~ I ~ C'::t!l:!f:ifiArl1: I I 1 
Page 4 Triton Times 

, .. 

op,nlon 
The opinion ••• pr .. .-d on th ••• peg .. Ir.those of the 
luthor. who •• nlm ••• ppear In th. bylin ••• nd do not 
nec •••• rlly r.lleet th. vl.w. Of Ihe TRtTON TIMES. 
Anyone de.lrlngto .ubmlt mlterl,I to be publl.hed on 
lhe .. pag ••• hould send II to Ihe Edltorl.I Dtrector, 
TRITON TtMES, 117 Bllke HIli, R.v.lI. Clmpu., 
UCSO. 

A Choice 
In November 

Fred Ori coli 
l'C 0 tudent For McGovern 

For those of us who have watched and participated in 
the growing support for George McGovern , November's 
election olfers the clearest chOice and the greatest oppor-
tunity of th iS generation The chOice is between a senat!)r 
whose strength grew from a moral conViction that our first 
priOrities should be at home: and an incumbent who has 
purposefully failed to fulfill all of hiS major campaign 
promises. The opportunity IS Simply to have an un-
precederted Impact on the future of America . to be a part 
of a People's Campaign to defeat a Money Campaign . 

The McGovern candidacy grew out of a moral Im-
perative that the Impetus of the peace movement continue. 

DEFEAT 
IS 

McGovern had been one of the earliest out-spoken CritiCS 
of the Vietnam War. saying as early as 1963 that we were 
pursuing a polley of moral debacle and military defeat " 
As he became better nown, he was able to draw on hiS 
experience In the Food for Peace Program to locus 
attention on the needs of the poor and the minorities HIS 
populist base In Soulh Dakota enabled him to effectively 
contrast the needs of the people With the big-bUSiness 
Orientation of the Nixon Administration 

The nominating convention saw a bitter Intraparty 
struggle among the Old-line hawks such as Daley and 
Jackson (SCOOp) the uninspired regulars symbolized by 
Humphrey. and Ihe progressives led by McGovern. The 
result white a victory for the direction ot the party and 
McGovern, was a well-teleVised disaster to party unity 
which IS only now being healed 

The McGovern campaign suffered ItS greatest setback 
With Ihe Eagleton affair The pressured selection of a 
running mate again left a few surprises In the bag. as It had 
In the past (Recall that Nixon was almost dropped In 1952 
when he was caught With a secret slush fund) McGoliern 
can only be said to have matured as hiS personal support 
for Eagleton was confronted With the hard political realilies 
of a sudden suspension of campaign contribUtions and 
support from persons demanding a new running-mate 
Some Idealists who thought McGovern was a saint in 
human disgUise were apparently disapPointed 

The present status of the campaign IS thus that It needs 
the contributions of volunteers to re-establish the Impor-
tance of the Issues wh ich confront the voters, to reiterate 
the contrast between George McGovern and Richard 
Nixon The opportunity IS there for students to have the 
kind of Influence they had In the prlmanes 

On the other s'de of the political fence. things are 
conSiderably Simpler Gigantic speclal-IO terest cam pa ign 
donatIOns belore Ihe election reporllng law took effect 
have assured Nixon a 35-40 million dollar war chest The 
Seiling of the PreSident t972 Youth Department IS well 
under way 

A qlance at NlXon 's campalQn matenal revp-a ls a 
wondp-rlul man that most youth hJ'" ·'P· .. steel! !>.;. 
The man who vlgorousty OppOSh 'f)wpnnn 'ho • .'n '" • 
aqr. but could not rlsh a dlsastero ~ P'c' ,,: C "',' .",n 

Students Do Have 
The Power 

Kevin Bacon Director, UC Student Lobby 
UC Students have got to begin to put in the hard work 

that IS necessary if they ever are to gain a role in making 
the decisions which affect their lives. 

If the Student Lobby is going to become a powerful 
force in Sacramento. a real advocate for 100.000 voting 
UC students. we've got to have the support and hard work 
of large numbers of students on every campus. 

This year 'he Student LObby In Sacramento plans to 
push legislation in many areas of direct interest to 
s tudents. The expansion of work-study and EOP 
programs, a reordering of UC budget priorit ies towards 
improved undergraduate instruction, students Ideas for 
the new Master Plan for Higher Education in California. 
funding for chil d day care centers at UC, and improved 
housing conditions for students are just a few of the areas 
the Lobby will work on this year. 

In all these areas we need student research to generate 
the facts and concepts necessary to present a solid case to 
in fluence legislators. More importantly , however. we need 
students on each campus to mobilize the ir fellow students 
to actively seek out local leaders and legislators and call 
upon them 10 support student oriented legislallon. 

It Is not going too far to say that the success of our 
Sacramento Lobby depends entirely upon the amount of 
Interest, enthusiasm, and hard work found in the campus 
annex groups. 

t urge every student who Is Interested in working to 
change UC to get involved with the campus lobby anneK 
group on their campus. Through the local annex the ir 
ideas and energies will be able to influence the directions 
of the Student Lobby this year. (On campus you can 
contact the ASUC president at his office for exact infor-
mation) 

Students can have a place in the decision making 
processes at all levels. The question now is are they willing 
to do the work necessary to make that potential power 
real. 

Letter to the Editor 
Clarification 

Editor: 

while the Interviewer for-
ma��y promised to allow me 
10 read the script before it 
would be printed, such a 
promise was forgotten . 

Sincerely, 
Oresle Plcclonl 

A n Editorial 
Young Voters for the President 

A great deal of exhaustive analysis and research is not 
necessary In arr iving at the conclusion wh ich Young 
Voters for the President and an increasing student majori-
ty present today and that is the re-election of Richard 
Nixon as President of the United States is vitally necessary 
in the best Interests of the country and Its people. 

A look at his pol itical record and the record of his 
administration, indeed a mere cursory glance, should be 
enough to convince every voter in the nation, that 
Mr. Nixon towers head and shoulders above his opponent 
Mr. Nixon has acted decisively, exh ibited prudence, and 
has pursued a course of positive diplomatic solidarity. He 
IS not only a national figure, he is an in ternational figure: 
through his foresight and Initiative he has sown the seeds 
of a peaceful relationship with the two great powers who 
were our most constant concern , Red China and Com-
munist Russia. He has taken the "first step" in opening the 
doors to internat ional understanding where they were so 
tlghlly closed before. partlcularty in the case of Red China. 

He has confronted some of the most seemingly insur-
m'ountable challenges ever to face an American President , 
(n ternationally and domestically . and he has come through 
successfu lly. The pitiful attempts by the opposition to 
portray him as interested In continuing the Vietnamese 
war are just that, pitifu l. 

During his administration he has brought 500,000 of our 

' ..j \ Ifill remember from laSI ... ·uk George 1051 0111 10 Huber/ 
"/I//e Shirlel. Ed alld Wilhu r reiHed 10 gel i",'o("l'd This ... u~ 
III' /1'0'" Ihe (111'" '''' rn 1hl' que.l lionf - Will WallarI' I<a14 
U~{//II' Whtll ahlllll G~orj(e', IIlppor/er? Wdl Ed ... ard chunKe "" 
111111.1' t /1(/ "htll oliO/II RIchard' 

men home from that war and Ihere is every indication Ihat 
Within the near future thaI agon iZing conflict will finally be 
settled With all our forces ex lricated Including our 
prisoners of war Mr. Nixon will have accomplished this 

eoetmeed on pale It 

In your article on "An-
IImatter of 9/26172. the 
Interviewer has altered my 
sentences In their meaning 
and In their expression 
While I did express regrets 
for the sarcastic comments 
pub lis hed In TIme 
magazine and attrlbuled to 
Dr Saltman. I am not at all 
. angry at the small Import-
ance Dr Saltman attached 
to the Nobel PrIZe" I did 

Anti-War Demonstrators 
Face Trial 

make a comparison 
between administrat ive 
ca reers and research. but 
without uSing nor intending 
to say 'he has great am-
bitions he gets upset at 
my great ambitions" I have 
great respect for the contri-
bution of Dr Sallman to thiS 
cam pus. In the field of ad-
mlnlslrallon and o f 
leaching. as I cannot be a 
lu dg e of hiS sClenllflc 
ac hi evements Also my 
commen t about young peo-
ple camed the message 
that I approved of their am-
bitions illS unfortunate that 

Del Mar Defense Committee symbolic protest against the train. rather than 
On May 12, 1972, an anti-war demonstra- to physically stop It. People moved to th e 

lion was called In Del Mar, In th e viCinity of tracks and stood about. The sheriffs and th eir 
Ihe railroad tracks . The purpose of the helicopter descended on the gathering 
demonstration was to protest Ihe shipment of declaring It an illegal assembly. At that time 
war materials. espeCially tanks. through San some timbers were placed on the tracks and 
Diego for eventual use in Indochina. Also se t fire by unknown persons. The fire , quickly 
contributing to the anti-war sentiment were eKtinguished, caused no damage to the 
Ihe mining of North Vietnamese harbors. the tracks. with no trains in sight . However , 
intenSified bombing of North Vietnam, and martial law was declared. (the entire ci ty 01 
San Dlego's compliCi ty In the Issues ot the Del Mar was an illegal assembly) and 40 
war indiSCriminate arrests were made on variou s 

Organiza tion was minimal A few people misdemeanors. 
mel In an attempt to give some direction It A demand for an investigation of the 
was deCided in that meeting to make a behaVior of ContiDueti on page 10 

1IIIIItlilit lit 11111 II 1IIIIItlllil Itt I I III I I I I I 11111111 I III II J III I I IIII I 111111 I 111111111111111111 111111111111111111111111111111 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItllllllllllllllllllllllll 

i A VOID THE RUSH! J 
PARKING PERMITS ARE ON SALE 

A T THE CENTRAL CASHIER 
• onl. 1Utd un pd 1:" ill 

_____ ................. _ ....... ~"'P ___________ ----... S' PERMITS e •• $31.50 
SU NDAY '1A:;')~:S S 0 

THE UCSD CATHOLIC COM MUNITY 
I I 

~ § I *VEHICLES PARKED I 
8 : 10, 12:00 . 5o\'ft 

!1t the Unt.veulty Luther,," Chu r ch 
§ ON UNIVERSITY PROPERTY § 

~ A FTER OCTOBER 11 WILL BE REQUIRED ~ 
Cathollc Chapl"ln 

q~95 LA Jo lh Shore" Drlve (tt', on the 
~~~~;( opposltt! the Urey "':'11 t plrktn~ 

'ather Ed Donov.n 
Off1.ce ... Offt. ce DC Rel1.~lou. Afh1.n 

IUds. 2~O Matthew. elillput 
4}]·2000 ext. t94) 
~ •• 1.dence - 111~ 8r.~rton Pl~c. 

L. 10 llll 
H3-38S0 

I TO DISPLA Y VALID PARKING PERMITS, I I *VEHICLES WILL BE ALLOWED TO PARK I 
=_~_= IN tiS" (STUDENT) AREAS WITHOUT ~==: PERMITS THROUGH OCTOBER11. 
:: :: 

................................•............ : ; 1111 I 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 "II I til"" III 11111 Jlllllltllllllll II" 1111111111111" 1111111111111111 "111111111111111111111" "" "1111111 tJlJlIII 

tornatlon on Canvas 
Harold Cohen, the eminent English artist who came to 

UCSD as a visiting lecturer in 1969, will exhibit his 
"Machine-Created Images" at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art from Oct . 14 through Nov. 12 . 
Regarded as one of the rankln9 members of a generation 
of talented English artists, Cohen has exhibited widely in 
Europe and America. He was praised for his freshness and 
"Iare senSibility," qualities that are retained in his present 
work although his drawings are physically created in 
absentia, by means of a machine. Cohen had no 
knowled ge of computers nor Interest In computer art until 
he came to this country. Even after his Intellectual CUriosity 
led him to investigate programming, it was some time 
before he conceived of it directly in retation to hiS own 
work As hiS knowledge increased . he became extremely 
Inlerested in the possibility of using the computer as an 
exlenslon to the human mind . 

For the current eKhlbltlon. Cohen will write a program 
for a 21 00-A computer, made allailable for his use by 
Hewlett-Packard , to operate the mechanical drawing 
mach ine which he constructed . The drawings created are 
the computer's varying solu tions to a set of speCific 
Instructions. A distinctive part of this program, according 
to Cohen, is the computer's abil ity to e~hi blt preferences . 

The computer will be installed in the museum's Fayman 
gallery and will generate 10 drawings a day. At the end Of 
each day, the curetorial staff will select one drawing to be 
hung on the gallery wall , until at the end of the exh ibition. 
26 drawings will be on view. Previously completed works 
by the artISt, including a large painting and several res in-
coated drawings on dacron, will also be included In the 
exhibition. • 

ShOWing with Cohen's Machine-Created Images will be 
. Paintings and Drawings" by Russell Forester, who in the 
words of Gerald Nordland . Director of the San Francisco 
Museu m of Art. shows "a fine d isregard for the speclaliza -
lIOn which most of us have been adllised to gain as soon as 
pOSSible." 

Primarily known as an architect , Forester 's versatility 
has been demonstrated also as a sculptor. photographer, 
deSigner and painter. It is in this last area that he has 
developed most in recent years . with his abil ity gaining 
nat.onal attention. 

In an article-length critique for a forthcom ing issue of 

eo.tiMel\ oe Paae • 

elM LEO 
944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

GREAT OLD MOVIES 
The Ox-Bow Incident 
Henry Fonda, Anthony Quinn 

plus 

lIi tchcock' 
Lifeboat 

Tallulah Bankhead, Hume Cronyn 

"ullda) 'latinc('~/Sl udl'nt Oi~count~ 
11'1\ uniCI' OIJen, al 5:.111 p.m. 488-3353 

Recordings: Mendless Summer 
Tom Lindberg 

In the rush of summertime 
record releases in tune for the 
casual tastes and easy money o f 
temporarily liberated consumers , 
the latest Identity of popular musIC. 
specifically rock. deteriorates and 
is redefined with a few new ideas 
and an over-abundance of token-
Jy-altered standards. AM radiO 
designs and executes monstrous 
monstrous mlllion- dollar·hI\-afler-
hit, wh ich would be monotonous 
even if they weren't played contin-
uously, and those hi ts that lust 
keep right on coming have sadty 
seeped into once sacredly Original 
FM programming Somewhere 
With in thiS enterta lnmg confUSion a 
select collection o f artists 
produces tastelul new musIc to 
clear the airways and re inforce the 
Identity of rock . und thl~ summer 
three records of distinctly 
American musIc appeared to 
brighten that questionably-secure 
Image 

Van MOrrlson's latest Warner 
Brothers album . " Saint Domlnlc's 
Preview .' was advertised as a 
noticeable change In the man." 

and hiS lYrical style IS perhaps less 
compact and rigid than prevIous 
works. but what really gives li fe to 
the record ing are the familiar 
qualities that he has retained : rich. 
ordered Instrumentation. InCISive 
engineering , inventille melodies 
and a fleXible vOice that needs no 
change. He happily reveals some 
of his musical roots In "I Will Be 
There. " a leisurely shuffle, and In 
"Jackie Wilson Said (I 'm in Heaven 
When You Smil e) ." a runn i ng 
praise of sweet soul in which at 
times he sounds remarkably like 
Wilson. Morrison works best with a 
slow tempo, composing almost 
religious songs of persis tent . 
recurring rhythms and emphatiC, 
metodic chanting . drawing out the 
lyrics with patience. presenting 

Possibilities 

each word slowly emphasiZing, 
repeating Without redundancy. 
creating With hiS vOice detailed 
variations of hiS piety . "Saint 
DominiC's Preview," the title track . 
IS an unblemished outcry against 
Belfast atrOCities as witness far 
from the action In San FranCISco, 
and .t establishes an IntenSity that 
IS carned throughout the album . 
H e IS always serious With hiS 
mUSIC. but also always JoyfuJ : and 
that IS a concept that doesn't need 
new definitions 

Bonnie Raitt's "Give It Up," her 
second album and another Warner 
Brothers release. IS a lighter. more 
baSIC production . but no less a JOY 
She wrlles and sings Within stan-
dard progressions of honky tonk 
and rhythm and blues with a style 
that could probably be dissected 
and attributed to many past and 
present female singers. but her 
vOice IS uniquely textural and 
vigorous and she IS her own lady 
On the IItie track Bonnie rocks 
easily Without pretention, singing 
of a less than Ideal love affair With a 
lively Spirit that almost betrays the 
mood that the lYriCS Imply She 
does Jackson Browne's " Under the 
Failing Sky" With a Similar decep-
tiveness, detailing the soft blues 
With an active. Irrepressible vOice 
On the two qUiet and perhaps 
outstanding tracks of the album , 
" Nothing Seems To Matter " and 
" Stayed Too Long at the Fair." her 
vOice IS clean . gentle. and effec-
tively paSSionate, creating an un-
cluttered and elegant Image of 
sadness The album is fluidly 
arranged and produced by 
M ichael Cuscuna. working with an 
I mpreSS iv e gathering of ex-
perienced studio men. John Payne 
on subdued but expressive reeds, 
John Hall on electriC gu itar. and 
Dave Holland on bass among 
others. Bonnie plays an adequate 
acousllc gu itar which btends 
smoothly with her clear . concise 
vOice. and she IS very convinCing 
"Give It Up" IS a pteasure. 

Finally from the Band comes 
" (lOck 01 Ages " a two·record set 
on Columbia, recorded live at the 
Academy of MUSIC In New York 
The album IS produced by the 
Band, but no doubt strongly in-
fluenced by the diSCriminating 
John Simon, who inCidently now 
has hiS own extraordinary album 
Although the material IS primarily 
old musIc With only three cuts that 
have never appeared on prevIous 
records. all songs receive new life 
With the horn arrangements by 
Allen Toussaint and lead by 
Snooky Young on trumpet and 
flugelhorn . and the unmistakable 
stage presence of the Band In con· 
cert They play together With con-
cern for their muSIC. most often 
aVOiding solos to establish sub 
stant.at harmonies but slill each 
Instrument remains distinct and 
IndiVidual a quality overlooked at 
best by most rock groups today 
T hey understand the value of 
space In adding dimenSion to the" 
sound Richard Manuel's p,ano 
setting the melodiC foundation With 
a confident rhythm. Rick Danko or. 
bass and Levan Helm on drums 
driVing the mUSIC forward without 
coercion . Jaime Robertson clever-
ly manipulates the melody With hiS 
superb gUitar work . holding back 
With the smooth rhythm and selec 
tlng the right moment to assume 
the lead With CriSp. energetic and 
Imaginative solos 

Garth Hudson's organ IS eVident 
throughout the album and comes 
to the foreground In "The Genetic 
Method. " an extended Intro-
duction 10 ~'Chest Fever" With diS-
sonant slurs and distortions remi-
niscent of an animated high mass 
The precise mUSicianship of the 
Band is always emphasized. and 
the live recording uses no sludlo 
gimmicks to fill In for theIr Inade-
quacies. The Band has no inade-
quacies. They just might be the 
best of Amencan rock and roll 

Mini-Festival 
Jan Kadar's "The Shop 

on Main Street " will in-
troduce the San Diego 

, PACifiC COAST HWY AT " 0 " 
ENCINITAS · 753· 3955 
NOW THRU SUNDAY 
A FILM ABOUT THE 

ew Sh ommun y 
Center's new f ilm festlvaJ on 
Sunday. Oct . 15. at 8 pm. 
at the Horace Mann 
AuditOrium . ThiS IS the 
story of two people in 
Czechoslovakia In the early 

At 18St .... 
c .... ceptives 

throughtbe 
privacy of the mail. 

one 
an elderly w i dowed 
proprietor of a dry goods 
shop. the other a Simple, 
good -n atured carpenter 
who IS appOinted "aryan 
controller" of the shop. A 
deep affecllon eventually 
develops between the two. 
only to end In NaZI deporta-
t ion orders for Jews 
Tickets are $1 .50 each For 
further information call 
583-3300 

Living Art 
A presentation of "hvlng 

art" by Robert Kushner Wi ll 
be exhibited at UCSD Art 
GaJlery at 8 p m 
Wednesday. Oct 4 

The production titled 
' Man ' s Triumph Over 

Nature" or 'The Masque of 
the House follows the 
16th·Century court masque 
form The gallprv IS located 
on the first floor of the 
Humanities-librarv bldg 
on the Revell campus 

GREA TEST ~2fhvER 

PLUS SHORT 
ABBOTT & COSTELLO 

MEET FREAN KEN STEIN 
700 · tOOO 

MONDAY NIGHT ONLY 
'BELLE DE JOUR' 

CATHERINE DENEUVE I 
BUNUEL'S STORY OF A 

TORMENTED YOUNG WIFE. 
7:30 - to 00 

Whtlhtr )OU live In a ~Ig cuy ",lh 11 \ 
crowded ltnlgr;lore .... Or In a (.mall 10" f1 
""here people )..nOIA each other ~ .. ell 
o~utnm~ male: contr.tttpmc, \o\!tho nl 
rm~lIr."'mcnt l.:an he.l pro.,lem 

ow, Popul ;uaon Planning A"~)(I" lC:' 
h.1\ 'JOhcd Ihe problem h) off(f1n~ 
reliable. f~lmou'l-brJnJ male \.:onlra 

n~p(l\-c' through I he ~rI~aq of the 
mati Popular t'lrand .. hLe TrOJan ,lOll 
Sultan fhe e'l;citlng prc ·,ho.lptd Con 
lurt me 'ijllprem~l) \(n,UI\lC Pnm~ 
And mo.ln), more All art tledrOnicall) 

tc~tcd and mcel ngmotl'i go\,crnment 
"i tofklanh of reliahllll )' 

We'l. ~ ~Iad to 'iend ),OU our free 
illu"'lraled hr<xhure whll.h descnbe, 
Ihe pr~ull' and ~TYic(5 Ih,lt VIe haye 
been nnnging to 10.000 r<culiu em· 
tomcn for nearly t'A-O rear'i Or ~nd 
Just SJ for a sample r pack. of :t dozen 
conlra('cp"YtS - three uch oi four 
leadlo, hrand.. plus our brochurt 
Money ba k if not deltahlcd l 

10 ,1, /'f''' hrochuu (If S.f sam"l" 
mil/lrd In plalll puda~ ... ",,,, r 

-----------.., 
... ,.lltlttl "' .. nln, Amel.t" 
10S llertll eel.III". 
C .. ,,, Mill , II.C. 275t4 
PltlSe rush me In pl, ln pack.lt : 
o Simpler pack of 12 Issorted t on· 
CIOms - thrte uch of four brlnds- plus 
Illustr.ted brochure - $3 
o IIlus l rlt~ brochure onl)', 2~ 

,~!.~~'l 
TALES OF BEATRIX POTTER 

o!J,lO:>O E'':l11'dl q IA ... ''-QM 
pUJ< It" de Ice~' '''t·a!, ". 

lll',e' Ot',1 -r"lN I ~ tr~ H ,. f':ll 

CAROUSEL 
8'''"' SA,··t! 4, ..... q 

« ~(Qt' <\ H.11l'''f'pr I ... t 0' I 
(80th tIIms '" 4·chanMt IL , aound) 

SATURDAY MIO NIUHT 
The Nocturnat Cinema 

An Unannounced Musical 
FOt .ntrhJSla"IS 0' IMP m,ll'or u,,-h t'..... cal 

'N.,. prom •. p .t cla< 01 It-p li·nT" 

'W LI JIll lit 6H34J 

Kusllner , WhO has t>ee~ 
wo'klno wl!h t~e conce to 

cos '1 es fo/ na,eo 
bodies :or o.;t"",,€r" I 1;'~.V_ 
has dellsed a e"l.'~ c 
events In whlC" nude 
modets drt'ss d In 
costull"es POI rd" the 
opening battles 01 nat',/f' 
among rocks trees and 
other natural elements 

UCCYCLfRY 
10 Speeds 

from 
$690°" 

3 Speed 
from 
$57110 

rvlC 
rfI - f /I . 30 - 2.' ~o 

S ' !O - 10' 00 
a na:tural foccl ~ .... 

One Day Repair 
453-8600 
l':.~8 (.( 1\ '" 11(1' /), 

. [ IIul ~,'pl Wfh Ilf""' ,II.I, . - t'r.staurant- . 
sat - su'1 ' "' :00 - 10 ' 00 

Clly St.t , 10 '1''' \\111, ,hI . I(~'" 1111'''' 
Address 

• 
Triton Times PagE' 5 



the sirens of triton 

~ 

JacK Dougrass - Assistant to the Chancellor 

Phil James - Executive Assistant to the Chancellor 

FOUR j(DIE ANI> SEVEN Y!M:S A~O ... 
UCSD l>/DHT fXIST 

Chancellor Will iam McElroy 

I ' 

William Nierenberg - Vice Chancellor Manne SCiences 
Director IGPP - Director IMR - Marine Facilities 

Herman Johnson - Vice Chancellor Business and Finance 
Warren Levin - Assistant Vice-Chancellor Business and Finance 

Bernard Sisco 

Coord inator of Academic Personnel 

Department Chairmen 
Provosts 
Director of Computer Center 

Relations with Schools 

Roy Harvey Pearce Harold Temmer 

Werner Lendenmann 
Director of Planning 

Cy Greaves 
Public Affa irs 

Robert Smith 
Alumni and Development Dean 01 Graduate Stud ies and Research 

R'eglstrar and Adm issions 

muir college 

Provost John Stewart 

iI 

-
.\-.-. 

Resident Dean Cleo Malone Dean Jim Beckley 

third college 

Vice Chancellor Admin istration 

George Murphy 

e Belzer 
Director SpeCial Services 

En id Hinds 
Supervisor HoUSing Servloes 

Diane Annala 
Dean Student ActiVities 

Ted Forbes 

David Ryer - Assistant Chancellor 

Clifford Grobsteln - Vice Chancellor Health Science. 
Dean of School of Medicine 
Department Chairmen 
Directors of Institutes 
Un ivers ity Hospital 

Mary Deck.r 

\ ' 
, .. 

Allen Zink 
Dean Legal Servlc •• 

Judy Manternach 
Dean Student Employment 

Lawrence Dreyer 
Director Scholarship. and Financial Aid 

Joan Walsh 
Director InterCOllegiate and Recreational Ath letics Dean International Education 

Dean Pascual Martinez Resident Dean Sidney Glass 

revelle college 

Provost Murray Goodman 

; 

- ReSident Dean Mary Pates Dean Ernie Mort 

~~ 
'~ I' 
-

William Byrd 
Director EOP 

\ 
R chard Whitehall 

Director Adaptive Learning 

Dr. V. Robert Allen 
Director Student Health Services 

Mort Shaevltz 
uean and Director Counseling Services 
Director Career - Educational Planning 

" 
Q) 

ICC 
CD 
CJ) 
-t 
~ 

a= 
:l 
:::! 
3 
CD (I) 

-t 
~ 

a= 
::l 
:::! 
3 
~ 
til 
." 

I» 
<0 

~ 
...., 

--

-I t.-
'. -'. I :I 
:. 
.. 
.. 

~ 
D 
J 

~ 
:a 
• , 

. .. 1_. 
I 
I 
I 

-
I :1_ 

il ~ I ~ I 
_.1 
~I ~; 

~ I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
.~ 

!. 



1-------------------,·-------------------, _I _..A=- .. ~ .... -- ---..a.- II I ~1~C!C!;fja,.,c • 
Page.B Triton Times 

rts 

" 

Keep- on truckin' 

Cross Country gets big turnout 
Cross country. normally one of 

the loneliest sports at UCSD both In 
spectators and participants, has 
come up with a surprise. ThiS year 
coach Andy Skief was laced with the 
largest turnout in the history of run-
ning at UCSD Sixteen runners, a 
mixture of returning veterans and 
promising frosh, are gelling ready to 
challenge one of the toughest 
courses In Southern California , their 
home course, 4.6 miles of hills. The 
course record is held by one John 
Shehan 01 UC Davis in 24:02.5, while 
the Triton record IS held by John 
Segal , who In 1968 ran the course IJl 
25:30. 

Returning will be top runner Ed 
Avol, who last year led most of the 
way for the Tritons. Along with Ed 
are returning veterans Bob 
DeLeonardis, Kirk Newell , Bob 
Perez. Howie Usher, Fred Sorenson, 
Chuck Crumly and Don Campbell, 
all of whom put in many miles in the 
past and Will prObably form the core 
of the team in the upcoming year. 

Among the frosh , coach Sklef 
expects big things from M ike 
Bergkamp. who hails Irom the San 
Jose area and has looked quite 
promising In the early workouts 

What it is all a bout' 

"This season should be a good 
building year because 01 the 
Ireshmen coming In.'' coach Skiel 
stated. "Things may be a bit slow at 
lirst, but should pick up by the 
middle 01 the season ." 

Announce-
ments 

Tonight from 4 to 7 p.m. the 
recreation department is offering a 
free dinner for the students and staff 
of the UniverSity. The loc9tlon is by 
Scripps beach next to the pier and 
the main course stands as the 
perennial hotdog. At the affa ir Infor-
mation about the clubs of UCSD will 
be disseminated. 

There w ill be a meeting on Mon -
day, Oct. 2, at 6:20 p .m. in the pool 
for all those who are interested in 
women's competitive swimming. If 
there is enough Interest we will swim 
two nights a week, on Monday and 
Wednesday. Irom 6:30 to 7:30 p.m . 
Come prepared to swim on Monday. 
For further Information, contact 
Gary Becker. X2275. 

IBM :J(j{)/Daln ae""ral compute". paper tape rpad<'r~. 
tlme·.<harmli. addrpddlnll & maJiing, profe."lOnal bill,nil: 
,tatl.,tlral anal\'1i1S 

The coach doesn't really know 
what he has yet, but expects to find 
out this Saturday when the team 
travels up to Riverside for the first 
race 01 the year." 

In the race their opponents will be 
UC Riverside, San Fernando Valley 
State. Fresno Pacific and possibly 
USIU. Of these teams, San Fernan-
do Valley State and Fresno Pacil lc 
shou ld provide most 01 the competi-
tion for the Tri tons. 

Saturday the team Will run up 
against some of its roughest com-
peti tion in the All -Cal Cross Country 
Meet. UC Davis, UC Riverside and 
UCSD will defi nitely compete, wh ile 
the larger schools of the system, 
UCLA, UC Berkeley, and the IiUle 
school that wants to be big. UC 
Irvi ne, mayor may not lower 
themselves to attend . The l irst home 
meet will take place on Saturday, 
Oct. 14 against Chapman , Azusa-
Pacif ic, and the Istltuto Tecnolog ico, 
Tijuana. 

Last year UCSD recorded a 3-
and-5 record in a mixture of dual 
meets and invitationals wh ich they 
hope to Significantly improve on th is 
year despite an expected slow start. 

PocRaJiPd proJirom, from .. lementan. ,tatlstln to prin cipal 
fomponpnt fartor analvsi.'i uah tQr lmax rolal;r;,n 
'f.n),,, the status 01 "{f-artualizatlOn 0\ pramt data 
nna/v.\I,1; and preparatIOn for publlrtlClOn or [UP 

In- tanl ... prt',N'. cnmputpr tlm p and prOl?rammm~ p"'. 
<tmnrl h.\ the" .hour. do>. III'<'k. (lr month 
n !f',·kpnd,. holtdo\.,\, ('('pnmJ.!' h,v apporntment 
1,lIcol pick up and delllrn h, mad. or Telchp, ·· 
f:umfimu'o/. an·UTrlIl'. (a ... t\(>T/..1 r' on ."!malf (lr nf'drum 
.. tz"d ... trJtI ... ttC'oi "r cflmpu nil job ... 
Tele phone : (213)q~I-':;?" . Teletypr' telephonr 
number '(2t3)9HI-I:vQ 

The Cash 
of'73 

News on Health Insurance 
The Continental Casualty Company leNA I 

announces that enrollment IS now open for a 
limited lime In Its Sickness and aCCident In-
surance protection program for dependents of 
UCSD students dUring 1972-73 

ThiS specially deSigned poliCY prOVides at low 
cost substantial Insurance benefits to be applied 
toward the expense of injuries and serious 
illness that could arise among your deppndents 
dl ring the academiC year Hospltallzallon , sur-
gt ry, laboratory tests. and x-rays are covered 

Although benefits have been extended thiS 
YE ar to Include a MATERNITY BENEFIT for 
w ~es of s'udents when conception occurs after 

th~ policy is in effect , there will be 
nu increase in premium over last year. 

Student BankAmericard"'-
handy for every-day expenses, 
great fo r emergencies. 

A nd College Plan Checking 
Accounr -one of th e easi~st-to- use, 
lowest-cost student c hec k ing accounts 

I 1 

Crew looks 
for animals 

All you need is desire - desire for any goal. whether 
that goat be competitive recognition, physical improve_ 
ment or the satisfaction of a challenge. The answer is the 
UCSD crew team. The team is made up of those in-
dividuals who come out for the sport and stay. Active 
participation will put you In the best physical condition of 
your life. 
Fact: rowing is the most physically demanding and ex-
hausting exercise known. 

After the practice sessions are over you and YOur 
friends will be able to compete and win against name 
schools: USC, UCLA, the Washington Huskies, the Oregon 
Ducks. You will compete against the coastal UC system: 
UC Irvine. UC Santa Barbara, UC Berkeley and more. 

H you want to try something as traditional as Harvard 
and Yale and yet on the other hand as freaky as yourself: if 
you can enjoy working with eight others and making a 600-
lb. wooden shell perform as smoothly and as last as a 
machine, come and hear what coach Bill Gebur has to say 
Thursday, Oct. 5 and 7 p.m. in the PE cla ssroom (next to 
the PE offices). 

Computer SI-III 
picks •.. 
Gam e 1. San Diego vs. 
Oakland 

Rumor has it that the San 
Diego Chargers are a vast-
ly improved group of ball-
players th is year . Perhaps 
it 's due to the supposed 
fact that most of the players 
are new to the team, having 
been traded Irom practical -
ly every other team In the 
National Football League. 
Anyhow, their insane per-
formance (a comedy of 
errors) in San Francisco 
two weeks ago would seem 
to dispel any such rumors. 
This week, our home town 
boys return to the Bay area 
once again, this time to face 
the Oakland Raiders. 

Although the experts say 
that the San Diego defense 
has improved , that still 
remains to be seen. tt also 

remains to be seen whether 
or not the Chargers will 
ever become a consistent 
team. But certain items on 
the Ra ider squad also need 
to be checked . Their per-
lormance so far th is year 
has not been very great 
ei th er. In lact , another 
rumor has it that the Oak-
land Raiders have gone the 
way of the Bart Starr . Vince 
Lombard i Green Bay 
Packers. 

However. taking all of 
th is into account. we still 
must make a prediction 
Rumor has it that these two 
teams are stili matched up 
in approximately the same 
way they have been in the 
past. Therefore. we predlcl 
that Oakland should carry 
away the football by five 
points . 

BANKOFAM·ERICA m IWonu:lI1 :'luJbllt5 mGj' :l'~" nhlaln the mater-nl y benefit il their husbands are Insured In the program. or il a marned couple are both UCSD st Jdents. the maternity Insurance may be 
Pl rchased alone.) 

Details and applicallons are available from 
th ~ CNA Insurance representative at the Student 
H,)alth Center, 302 Matthews campus. 

you'll ev er find. (It costs only $1 .00 per month during the school year, free during the summer-even 
with a z ero balance - and you get unlimited chec k writing and 12 monthly statements.) 

Join t he cash of '73. 

But Hurry-Enrollment 
Ends October 20, 1972 

Only at : 

North La Jolla Office, 3255 La Jolla Village Drive 

were a brilliant semanticist 
uld i be a cunning linguist? 

ns con Vic ted of Illegal but non- v io lent sex 
111 Cal iforn ia are likely to rece ive longer 

terms than rapists . State crime stat ist ics for 
tha t th e median prison sentence for non-

acts o f sex perversion. indecent exposure 
omy. w ith human or animal , was 41 months 

to 36 months for " rape with great bodily 
.. More recent figures are believed to be 

ConVicted non-violent sex offenders, many 
are homosexuals, a lso generally get 

sen tences than persons found gu ilty o f 
With a deadly weapOQ (36 months) and first 
burglery (37 months). 

change m ay be in the ai r . On September 11. 
the Cali fornia Su pre m e Court ruled un-

nal the state law m aking it a felony. 
e by one to 15 years impr isonment , fo r any 
to pa rt ici pate " in t he act of copulating the 

of on e person with the sex ual o rgan of 

Other states are expected to fo llow the 
preced en t, although the way they make it 

In the law books, maybe it should be Illegal. 

rin 8.: • hanghai St\'k 

. Y \\1-. Sl'( ;(; F. T 
Ot R <' 111 :" ESE 
S~IOR(; .\ S Il()RJ) 

101 7 PR OSPECT 
LA JO LLA 
454· 5806 

Food. • • 
students to tell him how 

they feel about the service 
they are paYing for 

In hiS Itrsl week of opera-
lion Larry IS far from 
satisfied With present ser-
vice He IS short on both 
full-lime and student help 
85% of hiS employees are 
Inexpellenced He stili 
lack s some equipment At 
5:30 the Revelle-cafetena IS 
so full th"t some people 
walk around With trays of 
lood. waiting for a chair so 
t!ley can eat 

There has also been 
some objection to the 14 -

meal plan tnstead of only 
gelling lunch and dinner 

- • some students would like 
to eat any 14 meals a week 

Larry IS work ing on thiS 
problem and prom ises to 
have a solution soon 

It Witt be a month or more 
before Larry 'S work can be 
adequately judged Until 
then Larry asks people to 
continue to personally tell 
hlll1 how they feel I ap 
precla te your cooperation 
and understanding so far .. 
he said '1 know th at It Will 
payoff In the future 

More Possibilities 
Pianist Penna rio Saturday performances will 

begin at 8.30 p.m. 
Pianist Leonard Pen- Pennano has been catted 

nario will be the featured a "California favonte son" 
solOis t when Co nductor since hiS Ilrst appearance 
John Garvey opens the La In hiS early teens as solOist 
Jolla Chamber Orchestra 's With the Los Angeles 
'72-'73 Concert Series on Philharmon ic FollOWing hiS 
Friday. Sept. 29. and Satur- sensatlOnat debut as a boy 
day. Sept. 30, in Sherwood In 1936 With the Dal las 
Hall of the La Jolla Mu- Symphony and hiS New 
seum of Contemporary Art. York PhilharmOniC debut In 
700 Prospect St .. La Jolla. 1943. he achieved wor ld-
Pennar io, an artist 0 1 Inter- Wide fame. He has played 
national renown. will ptay With every teadlng 
Mozart's Coronation Con- orchestra In America and 
c e r t 0 an d F ran c k ' s Europe. HIS recordmgs for 
Symphonic Vanations . RCA and Capitol have 

Atso to be featured on repeatedly made the best -
the program are the Boyce seller lists. HIS concerts and 
Symphony #3 in C major, recordmgs With Heifetz and 
Prokofiev ' s ClaSSical Platlgorsky are outstanding 
Symphony , an d Ravel's among the highlights of hiS 
"Pavanne pour une Infante career 
Defunte " Both Friday and Ticket Informallon may 

2165 Avenida De La Playa 
La Jolla 

5 Minute Walk From Scripps 
Across from the Rheinlander 

Mon-Fri 
Sat. 
Sun. 

9:00-7:00 
9:00 - 5:30 

11:00-5:00 

CHEESE SHOP SANDWICHES 
ARE BETTER! ! ! 

Get your next sandwich from the NEW Cheese Shop 
- Right across the street from the Rheinlander 

Restaurant-2165 Avenida De La Playa 
• More Meat and Cheese • 

Meat Sandwiches Less Bread Cbeese Sandwiches 
Maxi-1.29 

Pastrami Corned Beef Muenster 
Lebanon Bologna Chicago Bologna J arle berg 
Summer Sausage Hot Salami Sharp Cheddar 
Tuna Salad Italian Salami Imported Swiss 
Roast Beef Baked Ham Monterey Jack 
Chicken· Salad Ham Salad Longhorn 

German Braunschweiger Brick 
Any Sandwich Served Hot, No Extra Cost 

Also 
Beer Wine Welcome Back 
Milk Po 

Triton Times Page 9 

I-IEAL'I'H. • • 
to register 

The Health Center does not do either 
dental work or the fitting of eyeglasses 
and these are not covered To do so 
would send premiums soaring. accor-
ding to Dr Allen 

"The most excillng thing 10 us here 
Dr Allen said. "IS the development of 
new fac llllles A new. larger building 
scheduled for completion In February of 
1974. would be able to prOVide low-cost 
eye and dental care It Will be bUltd on a 
loan from the regents . but as yet there 
are no funds for new equipment Dr 
Allen said most of the center sold ,n-
struments WOUld be used The new 
building will be centrally located on cam-
pus between the Centrat Library and the 
International Center 

be obtained at The T urn-
tabte . 1147 Prospect SI. La 
Jolla 459-4421 or by 
writing The La Jolla 
Chamber Orcheslra. P 0 
Box 21 68 , La Jolla . Ca 
92037 

Shapes Up 
The San Diego 

tures by contemporary ar-
tiSt Carl Lander 

The performance 's the 
23rd benefit for the San 
Diego Symphony Orchestra 
ASSOCiatIOn. hosted by the 
Symphony S Wom en's 
Commlllee and prepared 
and presented by the 
Broadway Departm ent 
Stores The talents of 
Amencan deSigners Phylls 
Sues. Stan Herman Frank 
Adams Lyn Stewart and 
Wl tlle Smith set the mood of 
the various scenes wh ich 
are coordinated through 
the use of the Moo g 
SyntheSizer 36 projectors 
and 11 screens For tIckets 
contact the C'v'c Theater 
Box OffIce 

Symphony Orchestra IS 
presenllng the "Shaping of 
America ", a the atrlcat 
Broadway scaled mUSical 
extravaganza With 50 hlgh-
lashloned models . a lull 
orchestra . chorus and 
dancers : and It premiers at 
the C,VIC Theater on Oct 7 
at 8 p m " Shaping of 
America " opens With a 
t icker- tape parad e an.d 
With in the fo llOWing 16 
scenes are a fabulous Mar-
di Gras fesllvat an old 
fashioned Chrl~tmas 
cetebrallon New Year 
festiVities and sports 
scenes . Today s 
Technology Will feature t8 
dancers reflected In elec-
trical Vinyl screen scutp-

Baker Cancelled 
James Pagni s presenta-

tion of Buddy Miles and 
Ginger Baker scheduled 
for Saturday Sept 30 at tre 
San Diego Sports Arena 
has been cancelled Buddy 
Miles has the flu 

Au t oma t iORcoatiaued from P'8~ ~ 
Art International, HOland Anrlg notes that ~orester S 
gllted With a remarkable Instinct for measure He knows 
hOw to aVOid the Illusory faSCinat ions of sublectlvlty by 
gOing straight to Ihe essential The exceptional qual,tv and 
the diverSity of the work he has accomptlshed so far 
forecast great success 

In the arllsts exhibition here Will be 22 palntmgs and 
draWings Most of the works take a Circular format 
dominated by a gnd pattern . In some cases geometric In 
others unstructured Color IS applied With casse,n paint 
between the interstices sometimes filling the entire grid 
are and sometimes leavmg areas of wh ite. acting as a 
counterpoint and creating a spaCial tension Most of the 
paintings are then Immersed In a wash subdUIng the nltlal 
brightness and contrlbut,ng to the overatt effect of con -
trolled senSitivity 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTAUS INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454.7169 

iNe, 



1---:---------------,.-------------------, • b !'!I"~ •• -- --- - .1 __ ' rl~~~;f;A,.,f: • I 1 
Page 10 Triton Times 
A Choice In November 
CaM' It ........ 
now cam;>aigning as the man who "signed into law the bill 
giving 18-year-olds the right to vote." The man who has 
doubled the number of ships and planes in Southeast Asia 
and increased Vietnamese civilian casualties 50 per cent is 
now the man who "brought home 500,000 Americans, 
reduced casualties by 98 per cent." The man who can't see 
the diHerence between marijuana and heroin and whose 
continuing war has turned 100,000 men into junkies is now 
the man who "finally turned the tide against the drug 
scourae." He is indeed the Man. 

The man Richard Nixon and his ever-ready Cabinet of 
doctrine spokesmen seem to be dOing their best to 
obscure the issues, but some things just won't disappear, 

Perhaps the most clear-cut moral issue is the continuing 
war. Richard Nixon, who was elected with a "secret plan" 
to end the war, has intensified the fighting , and extended it 
into Laos, Cambodia, and Thailand. Saturation bombings 
and an international blockade are being maintained per-
manently, even though military strategists concede they 
cannot bring a military victory. 

One third of the people of South Vietnam, Laos and 
Cambodia are now refugees from the bombing. Our 
extensive use of anti-personnel bombs is in clear violation 
of the Hague Conventions. And the American public is 
being asked to see all th is as morally acceptable merely 
because the dead are now Vietnamese Instead of 
Amencans, 

The economic policies of Mr. Nixon h.lve been so 
d isastrous that they can hardly help but be an issue. 
Starting with a platform of a balanced budget, Nixon's four 
years will have generated over one fourth of the total 
national debt (more than Johnson, Kennedy and 
Eisenhower combined). His wage controls are matched 
only by his lack 01 price controls. Unemployment remains 
high as economiC Incentives spur profits to record levels, 

The corrupllon and influence peddling within the Ad-
ministration IS In itself an intriguing issue. How does ITT go 
about "renting a President"? Why do campaign con-
tribuhons of $72,000 bring SWift reversals on milk price 
controls? What kind of an election committee is It that 
doesn't feel compelled to explain $114,000 used to finance 
a burglary? 

The Issue of CIVil liberties IS one which Nixon seems to 
want to hide under the fear of crime, for he appears not to 
believe much In civil freedoms How else could hiS rhetOriC 
on integration and poverty be so blatanlly pOlitical and 
aimed at the fears of the electorate? How else could he SO 
completely Ignore the recommendations of his own com-
missions on marijuana, abortion, and COntrol of private 
Information files? 

Each of the above Issues should be conSidered In depth 
by anyone contemplating another four years under 
Richard Nixon, each Will be the subject of separate articles 
In thiS column. The Issues and the opportunities are ready 
for students to partiCipate In the selection of goals for 
Amenca, to work to make a difference 
._------------------. I I 
I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

75COFF 
Lorge or Extra Lorge 

fl,· PIZZA .t. i.Itk D---GOOD ANY T I M E -L IMI T I PER V I SIT I 

WE DELIVER ~ 
~------~~~~--------. 

Demonstrators Face Trial ... c.dMe4,.... p .. ~ 4 
the Sheriff' s Department's actions was met instead with 
Grand Jury indictments of seven people for obstructing a 
railroad track, The seven, Peter Bohmer, Peter Mahone, 
Tom Kozden, Gerald Lopez, Dave Katzenstein, Bill Haiber, 
and Scott Goodrich, face a possible live years in a state 
prison. Haiber and Goodrich are also charged with arson 
and face the possibility of an additional three years. 

The defendants believe that the main issue in this case 
is not: " Old a few timbers get placed on a railroad track 
and set on fire? " To the defendants the real issue is the 
continuing U.S . involvement in Indochina and the use of 
the courts to suppress those who dare to oppose Nixon's 
policies. 

Also at issue is the blatant abuse of the right of free 
speech, since two defendants, Pete Bohmer and Tom 
Kozden, are being charged solely as a result of their verbal 
activities prior to and during the demonstration. The case 
against all the defendants is based primarily on the testi-
mony of the undercover agents, which the defense hopes 
to discredit. 

A Del Mar Defense Committee has been formed in the 
hopes of raising funds for the defense, educating the 
people about the war, and organizing witnesses. The 
Committee is also planning a vigil during the trial to 
emphasizE' these points. The Commil1ee urges potential 
witnesses and other interested persons to contact the 
" North Star" office at 453-2000 extension 2516 or the 

('eM ' ,.",11 

triton tillles 
FAiitor-in-Chier 
City Editor 
Ma naging Editor 
Copy Editor 
Business Manager 
Editorial Directur 
Arts Editor 
Sports Editur 
Photography Edito r 
,\ ssisla nt City Editors 

Secrt'lary 

Carny Sharick 
Carrie Rickey 

David Bucbbinder 
Cbuck Graham 
Michael Gree..., 

Mark Si""el 
Tom Lindberg 

~ichael Ralh 
Joe t:'stem 

Tommy ('a limee 
Richard Drom 

Mi,'hac! Scsma 
Corrinne Cac.as 

The TRITON TIMES i. officially rHOj!"aizro and supported 
as a s ludconl news paper by 1M Com munications Hoard or lhe 
l ' n"ersil' ofr.li forni., Sa. DI#~o, IJuild in, Z:W, ~1.1lt\ .. 
Campus, 1.At Joll., Ca liforni a 92007 . 
Publication 15 h,i~ wee-kly on T~sdays a nd Ii'rtda s . OffiCIP5 
art' located .n room 11 7 Blake Hall , on the Rr,el~ Campus . 
For lid'erllsi ng phone ~-S72%. or 15.1~2000. XIOI7 : (or 
~itorial o r n('~s phone . 5,.l-ZOOO. XIOl6 

An Editorial __ _ 
CaM' 'er-.... 
with honor, without begging and without betraying our 
solemn commitments to our friends and allies. 

He has more than successfully contended with a series 
of domestic crises, He has slowed the runaway tide of 
Inflation which threatened our economy, he and his 
administration have pulled this country from the depths of 
an impending recession, he has shown support and acted 
in behalf 01 the poor, the elderly, the ill , and oppressed 
minorities. 

fn recent weeks the her'etofore overWhelming politi cal 
tide commanded by Sen. George McGovern has en-
countered careful political scrutiny. His campaign has 
been the subject 01 much questioning, analyzation , and 
criticism. Despite his twin campaign themes of character 
and credibility an increasing number of students label him 
with the dubious title of "opportunist" . 

Sen. McGovern beckons us down the road to potentially 
catastrophic disasters, in our economy, in our military 
defense posture, in all the sensitive areas which affect us 
as people and jeopardizes our future as a progressi ve 
nation. 

As it stands now we are approaching one of the greatest 
periods of prosper-ity in the history of our country . We 
cannot envision its continuation under an admin istration 
whose leadership is based almost exclusively on popu list 
"pie-in-the-sky promises" that cannot and never will be 
delivered. 

President Nixon speaks with words of action . He's short 
on promises but bery long on action and action taken on ly 
after the most thoughtful deliberation guided by the 
principle of what is in the best interests of the whole nation. 
We, as the generation of the future, cannot believe 
Americans would favor the known against the unknown in 
the critical and dangerous times that still lie ahead, 

No one can ever accuse Richard Nixon of stand pat-ism 
or a retreat into the political past. He looks to the luture, he 
has always looked to the future and progress instead of 
stagnation. He is a tested and known quantity , a man of 
purpose, high courage and unwavenng strength . 

It IS for these reasons that Young Voters for the 
PreSident believes that Richard Nixon has earned In every 
manner the right to continue what he has begun and to 
strive for further freedom, honor, and compassion. 

Young Voters for the PreSident Will be holding an 
organizational meellng today in USB 2622 at 6 p.m 
Featured will be " The New VOices", a documentary film 
conSidered the best currently available concerning issues. 
the PreSident, and young voter appeal. 

Membership is open not only to Republ icans, but 
Democrats and any other party affiliations In support 01 
PreSident Nixon 

QUALITY LIVING 
AT AffORDABLE PRICES 

A unique plan designed in part 
by UCSD students to specifically 

meet the student needs 

I RANSPORTA lION BETWHN UCSD A f) 
WI ERS ( IR I [ IS PROVID[D. NO N(fD ro 
OWN A CAR OR HITCHllIKr TO AND FROM 

WI NER IRO E! 

Privacy • Quietness • Relaxation • Good Study Conditions 

PLUS all the social advantages of being among friends, 
convenient for dating, 

EXCEPTIONAL recreational facilities : clubhouse, large 
co·ed sauna, heated pool and heated therapeutic whirlpool. 
Movies and transportation too! 

ALL apartments and studios fully furnished including phone, 
T ,V" kitchen and kitchen utensils, Private patios and spacious 

grounds, 

ONI Y $65.00 to $80.00 p('r monlh P('f .. Iudent. 

all Mr , or Mr.." W ,A. Robillard al 755-6666. 
ThaI ' a; loll -fr('(' nllmbt'r from I .. Jolla . 

Triton Times Page 11 

ith a little help from our friends • • • 
the triton times is looking for students who are intere ted in writing, production, 

copyreading, and in being general helpers. 

if you are interested, please come to the 

triton times office - lower blake hall 

re\'elle campu 
or call XI016. 

Demonstrators 
(oDIl~u~ Irom Pa •• 10 

.unlV(RSITI TWO BOOKS fo r VOTERS! 

" and perhaps the tW J most 1!l1?ortant political 
books of the dacade , 

BOOK-STORt 
MA TIHEWS CAMPUS 

EXTENSION 1360 

I tho \..,'v hi "In our l'tl'~llknl' 
'h d" ,I 'l~\\ \\ ,\\ III l\nJ~r'l Ind 

I I I I ",'!I\\' jalllL ' I),nld B, lrh, r 
!IIdluj L' LI \ I'll''Itknt j IlIlII \\ . h-

I .n til :-;"lln, ,In" h" dl\",,,:red th.1t 
Iden" ~Clll tl' lit min lour tl"llnLl 

Ic)!or i.:,. ()1I1' of th ~'c: human typ" "ill 
'no' t in.:vilJhly h.: .I di, "'ItrlluS Lulur.: 

In nlficc: ' hut there is anuther type that 
\\ III ju,t ' a, inevitably succeed brilliantly. 

Ju~ t how the incredible power of the 
t\ l1lcrican Presidency is wielded, and 
where the President leads the nation , 
tk pends to an alarming ,degree on 
the quirks, the idiosyncracies of one 
vcry human individual. Professor Ba~ber 
demonstrates his revolutionary technrque 
of predicting Presidential performance 
through engrossing analyses of such 
Presidents as : 

Richard Nixon. the intense expert on 
showmanship. whose qacy is yet 10 be 
known-but this book oilers ~ statt-· 
ling predictiou, 
lyndon JohMOll, the procreuive Sena~ 
whose forceful record as DanoaatlC 
Majority Leader stunned the nation-

And 

, _, clothbound only 

P I CK UP YOUR COPIE~ 

$10_00 T ODAY A T THE 

••• clothbound only l1NIVERSITY BOOKSTORE.'J! 

STORE HOURS: MON.-FRI. 8 TO 4:30, SAT. 10 TO 2 



·-------------------,.-------------------, I _~ :-"" •• _ __ _ - --..a- I I ' ~,~~~;f;A"C • I 

Triton Times 

~---announceD1ents------------------------------__ ~ 
frida y 

Th ird College Facully and Ad 
m,nlstrBI,ve Stalt Meel.nq will be held In 
Bldq 406 MC aI 4 00 0 m 

Pte- meo~ who votunleeroo at the v A 
HosP,tal las! Spt'lng ro .nvlted 10 a brief 
meeting to d'SCUS5 coni nUlng 
... ~un1E~e' opponun'"es at the hosp,lal 
Meeting will be al 7 00 pm ,n H l 1205 
Those nOI able 10 attend bul wish ing to 
con tinue volunteer work should nOltty 
T om Page at the V A V04untary Service 
offICe 

The Anamaly Factory previews a 
revised vers ion at the AmaZing 
Amalgamated Amorphus ' this F,. and 
Sat al 8 00 PM Amorphus" 1$ a multi 
sensual theatncal maze In WhfCh the 
aud.ence IS 'reP 10 choose Ihelf o wn 
d"f!Cllon length of stay and degree 01 
partICipation TlCkels ar~ aV81labk! al 
Ihe Ure)' Hall Box Office or al the dOOt' 
1257 MC) 

Hen Come out and expt'es5 yoursetf 
althe P Inl-Inl Now IS the lime 10 lend a 
hand In the attempt to bflng crealtV1ty In 
coJor 10 M Uir Campus (Finally') The 

• Vacant Lot. located across trom the 
FIshbowl IS ready to be turned Into. 
student lounge The Paint -In " III be 10 
paint Ihe dead white walls to hte Eloefl It 
you don t come to show your ant5hc 
at»ltly help yourself to the 'ree punch 
and popcorn whICh wI,1 be aV811ab4e 
Remember to SlOP by the PalOt· ln al 
the Vacant lot Friday mght a' 8 00 

Interested 10 ScleflCe·flctlon come 10 
the organtzatlonal meeting ot the Sci-FI 
and Fantasy club Foday Sept 29 
Lowe. Blake lounge 30 m 

aturday 

An open diSCuSSIon on Ih£' sY51t-m Will 
be h~ld Ihls Saturday at lO a m on th£' 
11th floor of Tioga Hall Expet'.encNt 
5Y5t m hghters win be on hand to 
P!IIchanqe In'ouTla llon about thf' 

UOfV~Slty burt>aucracy and how ... e 
c n use II (rather than be controlled by 
It) 10 m3ke the ... hole system more 
re ponslve 10 OUf own needs and In 
terests fA Whole UntverSily Produc-
lion) 

sunday 

The UCSo DRAMA CLUB '5 hold,ng ,IS 
Itr 5t gala orgaOlzalional meeting thiS 
Sunday Oc1ober 1 Bus·ness Will In 
clude election of o"~rs reofoanlla-
lion and diSCuss.on of our proposed 
productions ror thIS year Plu s 
SURPRISESI All old members should 
attend and all Interesled new membet's 
"hould bf" sure 10 allend Doni dare 
miss thiS one 2 00 PM tn the UCSD 
TH(ATRE {behind the bookstor'" 

UCSo REVOLUTIONARY CO M 
MUNIST YOUTH STUDY GROUP 
1""""'5 8 publIC I",urn THE CLASS 
ROOM THE CLASS STRUGGLE AND 
THE ORIGINS OF WORLD WAR IIIlhe 
speaker Will be Bob Larkin 
Revolutionary Communist Youth 
Nallonal comml"ee 1 30 PM Sunday 
""8 Humanlll~S library Revelle 
donauon SOC 

MMlatma Adharanand . a realized diSCI 
pie of ,. yea, okt Shrl Sant JI Mahara, 
Will speak On Ind Impart the Supreme 
Knowtedge to all sH'lcere asp.,ants of 
Truth Program IS at 2722 USB Sunday 
October 1 at 730 pm Free Contact 
John MacArthur .59-1814 

monday 

k.undalinl Yoga Cia ses Monday nights 
7 pm-8pm tioga Hall MUIf Room 1101 
M on -Ff! mornlnqs 7am-8am 569 
Hyge.a Ave leucadia Tues FrI .... un 
nlqhlS 7 pm 8pm 569 Hy qfll3 
leucadia erlng emply stomach and 
blanket Oonal,ons apprecl8tt'd 

The Revelle Cotlege Provost Otlice Will 
De renting ar' prlnt5 for $ 1 per Quartcr 
beginning Monday OctOber 2 These 
punts WIll be rented to Revelle student, 
only 

tue day 
Fran .. Caprio IS waO'"!) a people s 
campaign against Bob Wilson and 
needs you to rellre a man who has 
spent . ' ot Ihe lasl 20 years In 
CongreM being ABSENT Come to an 
organizational mee""o of UCSD 
sluctenis for Caprio. Monday Oct 2 al 
7 30 p m In lower Blake Lounge 

America 

Gen eral 

For submiSSion to the Spptembef 29 
1972 ISSue 01 TT (dale of evenl '5' 
October 1 Sunday 

Grants are aV811abf Irom the Inter 
n8tlonal Res~arch and Exchanqes 
Board tO f doctoral dl~sertatlon 
research dunnp the 1973-74 academiC 
year In Ihe U 5 S R Bulgarta 
Clcchoslovall.la Hungary POland 
Romania and YugoslaVia Deadlines 
are November , and 15 Gradua'ie 
studt-nfs who Will have completed all 
pre ·dlSSerllllon requlfemenl5 by Ihe 
Fall 01 1973 are ehglble for full Infor 
matton coniaei Jean Fori 108 MC Ext 
1258 

Anvone who want s to bung any 
busm8ss belore the MUir COUncl' at Its 
Itrst mootIng thiS year IS encouraged 
and welcomed to do SO All we ask IS 
that you do a short written request or 
statement of your buSIness and give It 
to Claire," the MUIr Dean s offICe (8fdg 
20 'C 19051 by Tuesday afternoon Oc-
10ber 3 so that we can Include It In our 
agenda T he CouncIl can COflStder 
'InanClal requests do somethIng abOut 
complalnls and work on your 
suggestIOns at whal IS needed here al 
MUIf 

The lime and place 0' the meeting Will 
be announced nelll! week Meellngs are 
open nlturally and we enGOUrage you 
to St t In on them and speak out 

advertisements for ourselves 

~-classifieds 

tra\cl 
EUROPE ISRAEL EAST 
AFRICA 
Students flights Ine_pen5've slUdent 
campIOg tours throughout EuroPf! 
RUSSia and MeXICO OffiCial SOFA 
agent for IOI~r - Europe.n student 
chal'ler Htghls Inc.hJdil)Q Mtddle East 
and Far East Student Ski lours Euro-
pean used car purchase system 
CONTACT ISCA 11687 San V,ncenle 
Blvd ,4 L A Cokl 90049 TEL 1213) 
826 S669 '" 826-09S5 

scniees 

TYPJng Expertenceo i8M electrtc 
Rea.sonabfe rates CaM "538148 

Free reading classes tncrease )'OUr 
speed and comprehenSK)(! AdoptJYe 
lea'nlng program MUtr 60 R606l Of 
call Barbara PIngree .53-2000 e.r 
? O I Cia ..... begon Wed TO/4 10 AM 
or " AM Thur$ 10/5 10 AM 

for :a le 

FOR RENT One bedroom StudIO five 
minutes ott campus Call .. S3 8722 ask 
lor M,ctlaet 

8 "at clannet Le blanc tlteUent COli 
d Sloo 4~3- 1237 lsi< I", G.eg 

FOf Sale 2' . 2 ' . Mlmlya Professional 
Camttfa C330 With POfroftnder case 
hlters SetkO SOmm f2 8 lens 6rno old 
co1I7S3-9655 Also 10 speed Ross blke 
shtmano gears S60 

65 VW SoBK FOR SALE _ kepi e2K 
mites e_c "Bnspo $700 755-3485 
after 6 PM 

Sony portabfe stereo tape recorder 
bflndnew cond all e.tras Good tM 

~'ures lang S8S/otter 27. -2037 or 
msg T Ba,n RevtHte ltl 

FOR SALE One king and one QtJeef1 
Slle walerbed and frames 459-"22 

General 
WANTED 3 Roommates to share 

qroovy 5-bedroom J balh home tn 
EncinI tas Fealures hreptace pallO 
bUilt Ins waSher-dryer seml- turntshed 
all utili lies Paid Only $87 50 ftach Call 

7~3-2367 ane. 5 PM 

WANTED StOgers tor the la Jolla CIVte 
UniverSIty chows Meet Wed Oct 4, 
7 30 p m .09 MC We need tenors' 

Wanted Badty Used EconomICS by 
Samuelson, Malh book by Rodm 
phone 582-33 T1 

WANTED Need. ride t,om UCSD to 
DB MWF4oo ",~00 ""'a .. help "'" 
oul Doane 222-0698 

WANTED Need 2 Fem Rmm les tor 2 
8d 2 Balh Api ,n P B S68 00 Ea Ultl 
P.ld Lots ot room Can Jean .S4-5683 

Dehvery Boy Ltl C', Pilla Evening 
Quaranteed Income .53 6457 

Margarel De Rose POBox .O.t6 

lost & found 
Found I Silver and turquOtse "09 In 
MUir bathroom on Monday call 22. 
39015 
lost one Cross pen lost on the sailing 
class stgn up labte on Sepl 26 Please 
call Ramsey 01 222-2205 

1 

Page 12 


