
· - . triton ti 
Volume IS, Num"er II Universi,y 01 (a'ilornia, San Diego Friday, March 3, 1912 
Convention Coalition: Voluntary Fees, Merger Reiected by AS Program Boord 

People's Petition Editor's Note: 
Montgomery Kroopkin 

The San Diego Convention 
coalition is now circulating a 
petition throughout the San 
Diego area . The People's 
Petition is more a statement 
being made by the people of 
San Diego, rather than a 
demand for any particular 
action on anyone's part. One 
thing it is attempting to 
accomplish is dispelling the 
idea that San Diego, like 
Orange County, is strong Nixon 
territory which lacks support 
for the concerns of the 
Movement , implying that 
demonstrators in the city next 
August will be 'outsiders ', not 
San Diegans. 

" In our minority 

The foJlowing article is tbe result of a series of interviews witb 
members of tbe AS Program Board ; Dave WaJlace, ctiairman, 
Charlie UDkeless, social events director, and Marc Sbore, 
Researcb Assistant. AS Voluntary Fees, merging of tbe AS 
Program Board witb tbe Campus-wide Programming Board, 
aDd tbe preseDt functiODS of tbe AS Program Board will be 
presented to sbed some Iigbt on tbe pre ent call for 
restructuring. 

communities, we are faced 
with the manifestations of the 
ill-fated Nixon policies : crime, 
drug abuse, police brutality, 
and poverty are still rampant 
with no solution in sight. 

"The intent of the Voluntary Fees referendum IS baSically 
destructive" states Dave Wallace, AS Program Board 
chairman, " it destroys any potential for a viable student" 
community." Voluntary fees are viewed as an alternative to 
the present mandatory fee system designed to make the AS 
more responsive to the needs and interests of the students. The 
AS is viewed by Wallace as a potentially effective voice for the 
student. He questions whether the call for a voluntary AS 
would actually result in a government responsive to students 
interests and needs. 

"Women continue to be the 
victims of discrimination and 
oppression and as a result 
suffer even greater social and 
economic exploitation than 
men. 

The petition reads as 
follows : 

"We, the people of San 
Diego, are faced with many 
problems : 

" We are being forced to 
spend our tax money to host the 
Republican Convention. No one 
asked us if we wanted to do 
this 

" We need such things as 
decent housing, adequate 
medical care, child care, and a 
clean environment. We are 
tired of being deceived by 
politicians who fail to fulfill 
their promises. 

"We feel that the policies of 
the leadership of the 
Republican Party do not meet 
the needs of most of the people 
of the U.S. Therefore, we are 
opposed to the coming of the 
Republican Convention to San 
Diego." 

Charlie Unkeless , social events director, feel that an AS 
government which is "more responsive to the needs of the 
students and less involved with the administrative bullshlt '· I 
necessary. " It is obvious," says the social event director, "thl 
responsiveness hasn 't been what 's happening a far as the 
functions the AS government has accomplished this yea r IS 
concerned." Charlie feels that "the AS must be made 
responsive to these needs, but not in the all or nothling 
approach represented by the drive for voluntary fees ." He 
views the referendum as a channel through whIch the students 
can voice their approval or disapproval of the present AS but 
feels that the the results may well prove to be "counter-
productive. " 

" The majority of San 
Diegans want peace yet the 
massive air war over Indochina 
continues. None of us think the 
war is " winding down" when 
we see aircraft carriers leave 
for Vietnamese waters. 

" We are suffering from 
unemployment and those of us 
who can find work have our 
madequate wages controlled. 
Meanwhile prices continue to 
risf' and corporate profits soar. 

The Women's Caucus, Third 
World Caucus, and the Labor 
Support Committee of S.D.C.C. 
guided the drafting of the final 
text. The Coalition hopes to 
gain the support and also 
participation of all San Diegans 
in agreement with the petition. 
To obtain further information 
on the distribution and signing 
of the People's Petition, the 
telephone number of the San 
Diego Convention Coalition 
office is 234-8231. 

At the present time out of the $80,000 A S collects $11 ,000 
goes to the AS Program Board. 

If voluntary fees are put into effect. nkele points out that 
the financial basis of the AS program Board will be tenuous, or 
if with voluntary fees , the majority of students elect now to 
join the AS programs formerly provided free or at low co tWill 
be available to the students only for a price. The Fnday and 
Saturday ite Flicks will cost more, as well as coffee hut 
entertainment and other ocial events. The frequency of events 
such as dances and noon concert will also go down If there IS 
not adequate money available from AS fees 

Another consequence of voluntary fees on the program 
board would be the quarterly fluctuatIOn of the amount of 
money available for program presented by the AS. causing 
long term planning to be difficult. 

Live in Dorms All Year? 
"The AS Program Board tnes to create a sense of 

commumty fe ling It tries to program the best it can for the 
!'tudent commumty a a whole," tates Marc Shore, research 
consultantIt is onentated toward producmg events for students 
without discnminating between college or peclal Intere t 
groups. 

Rick Drom 
A proposal WIll be submitted Monday to allow 

students to live in the dorms year-round . Rick 
Mann will submit this proposal to the Housing 
Policy Committee on March 6. If it is pa sed. 
stud nts will not have to find other housing during 
school breaks or ummer but will have the option 
of liVing on campus. 

This propo al IS not a new idea . On December 
7, RIck Bayer sent a memo to the Housing 
CommIttee asking that student be allowed to 
sign twelve-month leases instead of nine. He 
proposed a twelve month contract becau e 
tudents are paying almost the total yearly cost 

of thc dorms already, but they are normally not 
allowed to stay here during breaks or the 
summer. Total cost per space for the dorms 
dUring the year i about $787 . But students now 
pay in average of $719 and are only allowed to 
stav about nine'months: Bayer rea oned it would 
be 'more equitable for students to sign a twelve 
month leasc and stay all twelve months. 

But Bayer's plan was only "pa sed around " 
according to him and nothing has been done about 
it. One of the problems with his plan was that 
some students Inlght only want to tay nine 
months. They shouldn't have to pay for twelve. 
But Ri k Mann, tudent member of the Housing 
Poll v Committee, felt that the plan was a step in 
the ri'ght direction. 

Mann reVised Bayer's plan into two separate 
proposals. The first would ask that 11 the dorms 
be open earlier in the Fall quarter. the Thursday 
before the fir t week : 2) the dorms be opcn 
during the Wintcr and Spring breaks : 31 the 
dorms be open until the Monday after the end of 
the Spring quarter . 

The plan would , according to Mann. " allow 
tudents to obtain transportation and carry out 

personal business". It would be a step toward 
vear-round use of the dorms. Students would not 
have to find other places to live during break but 
could stay on campus. 

Mann's second Rroposal would be to allow 
students to stay during the ummer as weI: . It 
would entail the signing of a summer contract at 
the end of the Winter quarter. Students would 
only have to pay approx one month 's rent for 
staving about 31 2 months dUring the summer. All 
the' students who stayed would probably be 

moved together In one area for convemence 
This proposal would benefit students who 

wanted to stay In the area durmg the summer 
without having to pay the high " tOUrist" rate If 
thi plan is to be implemented, it must be deCided 
at the March 6th meeting But there could b 
some problems with any proposal of thiS type 
One conflict might be with the summer 
conference program. 

The ummer conference program fills some of 
the dorms with groups which are " academically 
oriented". according to Jim Widener. manager at 
Revelle . In the past. a wide range of groups a 
large as 700 have come tu CSD to meet. In turn , 
these groups have helped to pay the cost of the 
dorms during the summer. which helps student 
But if manv more than 500 tudents cho e to stay 
thi summer, there might be a conflict With the 
conference program. 

Widener explained that currently the staff IS 
not able to really clean. paint and repair the 
rooms during the academic year They mu t walt 
until either the summer or durmg winter and 
spring breaks. But if the dorm were full of 
tudents and conferences the staff might not be 

able to do their work, unless they had student co-
operation . 

Another problem with initiating the system 
this summer is that the hot water ystem for the 
Revelle nit I dorms will be worked on dUring 
June and part of July. 

An additional area of concern would be the 
ummer OrientatIOn Program Each summer 

Incoming student are processed and Introduccd 
to SD This might be difficult If the dorm 
were full of students. Al 0 , the program might 
" lose their effectiveness" according to Bayer If 
thev had to be concern d With the added amount 
of work which th students staYing dUring the 
summer mightcntail 

But all three , Widen r. Mann and Bayer. feel 
that omethlng should be able to be worked out. 
on a small cale at lea t. Bayer feels that th 
Important question is "who Will have priority 
dUring the summer : the conference or the 
tudents who go to school here?" A ha been 

frequently pointed out. student are In a financial 
bind. Low-co thou ing on campus dUring th 
ummer and breaks could help the tudents out. 

Bohmer 
Refired 

Peter Bohmer, an Diego 
tate economics professor . has 

been fired , again Bohmer, who 
was Fired last fall and then 
rehired after being cleared of 
charges of unprofe sional 
conduct, was refired Mondav 
by State College Chancello'r 
Glenn S. Dumke, pending a 
thorough investigation 

Walker last week ordered 
reinstatement aying that 
" overwhelming te timony" 
conVinced him Bohmer hould 
be reappOinted for one 
additional probatlOnarv year 

Dumke. however, a umed 
junsdlction. and reversep, 
Walker ' deciSIOn. aYIn~, 
Bohmer a ll remain off the 
job " u'll'n the case I 
adjudicated by a faculty 
grievan e committee" 

According to a Bohmer 
pokesman . the refiring of 

Bohmer I a result of '~behlnd 
the ene pr ssure from 
varlou right -Wing 
organizatIOn ." They further 
commented that the firing 
bnngs up the que tion of "Who 
r ally makes the d CI Ion at 

, the . sta te colleges. " They 
POinted out that Bohmer has 
the upport of the faculty and 
the stud nts but Executive 
order 113 gIve Chancellor 
Dumke the final sa 

The CampUS-Wide Programming Board 's basIC functIOn is 
that of funding special interest group Examples of theIr 
funding are Black ConclOusnes Week by Black Student Umon, 
Linda Jeness by Women 's LiberatIOn, and Sean Kinney by the 
Young Socialist Alliance Further, they provide events such as 
lecturers, dance troupes, chamber mUSIC , and big rock 
concerts. 

Merging the two boards would mean merging a prodUCing 
board and a funding board Marc questions whether It would b 
practlcable or possible for one board to assume thiS extensive a 
responsibility "This campus programming board, Instead of 
absorbing the AS Program Board should Impllfy Its funcllons 
and re-orgamze Itself so that the type of prodclng It has Just 
recently begun would b the functIOn of the AS Programming 
Board, ,. says Marc. He feels that It makes more en e to have 
an all student board determine the type of film . coffee hut 
entertainment, and SOCial events that will be produced for the 
student community 

Merging the AS Program Board With the Campu -Wide 
Program Board IS regarded as . dl enfranchaslZlng an 
Important part of the AS from the student. ' by Charlie 

nkeless . The merger, Charlie POints out would put tudent 
money collected from student fees In the hands of a board 
which is comprised of faculty and admlm trators as well a 
students. Unkeless believes that "students hould keep their 
hand on their monev and determine how illS u ed 

At the present Ii'me the Program Board received 11 .000 
form fees . The Campu Wide Programmmg Board receives 
$30,000 from RegistratIOn Fees If the Boards were merged 
togelher the $11 ,000 of tudent money would be also merged 
mto a group which IS composed of student and non- tudent 
elements. 

ProdUCing for the student communlt~ a a whole I viewed as 
the function of the AS Programming Board b .. Unkele The 
merging of It mto the fundlng-orlented Campu. Programming 
Board mIght result In a smaller degree of community 
orientatIOn speculates Charhe. 

DaVid Wallace IS undeCided on the I ue of merging board . 
On one hand he believe It would ellmmate th a oClated 
students Involvements In programming as a OClated 
tudents There would be no longer the a oclated student 

Involvement as an autonomous group he b heve It would be 
from a collective of a Vital part of the a soclated tudents i to 
prOVide programming and that the A Program Board 
represents that effort toward programming. Th diS olullon of 
the A Program Board would In a l'n. l' dcfea' alot of the 
validity and credlbllltv of the a soclated tudent 

"On 'the other hand i do feel there are advantage to havln a 
central orgamzatlOn that can conceive. produce and fund 
events It has a tructure 'et up to work efficiently." 

Social event. Frldav and Saturda\ r-;Ite Film and Coffe 
Hut aCllvltie are the main type of entertainment th A 
Program Board prodce 

Dave Wallace has run the Friday Nlte Film · for th la t year 
and a half. Next quarter Mike Frontlera will take over Jeff 
Fried upervi e the Saturday NIt Films 

The functIOn of the SOCial event department I to produce 
event such a noon concert . dance . ouud dances . Thi 
\ear their event have Included Power qUOIa Dan Hicks 
Knarl\ Beast, and Roy Hal en The -\Ibert Colhn Blue. 
concert wa also co- pon ored b~ the oclal events 
department 

Charlie nkeless. the oclal event director has worked 
clo eh With the reSidence hall of MUIr and Revelle to put on 
tuderit entertainment 
Coffee Hut entertainment Includes movies put on b~ Bill 

Aloagolu . and various programming put on by Ben Rhodv 
Some dlfflcultle have been encountered du to th 
admlnl trallve cha nge at the Coffe Hut and programming ha. 
not been a nkeles had hoped 

Unkele s believe that the pre ent Campu -Wid 
Programming Board IS very weak right now, and fund event 
ver! indeCISively He questIOn. the pracucallt\ of the merger 
as far as protecting a commumty' plflt and the tudent 
Interest. 

Ba 'ically th re I a de perate need for people who want to 
work on the Program Board ]t can not b done by a fe w 
people " We need people who don 't mind dlahng telephone 
pushing buttons. and talking to tube ," ays l 'nkeless \,\'e 
need people who like to draw po ters. people who like to set up 
event and taking to people In bands. clean up th cafet ria and 
ba Ically' faCIlItate the productIOn of events Call ext 1910 or 
1952 " 

AS Referendum 
The voting for the A referendum Will continue Into next 

week The Issues Involved are voluntan A Fecs. and the u e 
of A fund for legal aid for tudent' tudent. who pre. ent a 
tudent bod. card can vote In thl Important election through 

the 8th of :\1arch Tabl ~ for voter Will b s t up In Revell 
Plaza . In front of the book tore a,d the MUI r ommon. area 

Voter Reclistration 
.... 

Chancellor ~cElrov ha. d lar 'd th week of March 5-9 to be 
VOTER RE 1 TRATIO WEE\( at C 0 There Will b 
regl trars at table on Revelle °laza , MUIr ommon , and 
Matthew Quad from 11 to 1 00 on Mond } throu h Fnday 
of Reg\ tratlOn W k. O":.r ;: .. ~~o or ,II Ib-"O ':41 UIII In,:)dl\ 
Diego county are regl tered and regi tratron clo April 13th, 
o et out and DO IT 

h 
,\ 

, 1 



- .' 

.. 

Law and Society 
"Law and Society" is being offered again next quarter but 

with a new angle, , . the class will be taught by members of the 
San Diego Police Department. The lecturer will be a police 
inspector and three police captains will serve as TA·s. For 
more informatIOn and to sign up for this class. 
Interdisciplinary 25. please see Lee Nichols in the Humanities 
office, HL 1512. 

Win a Trip to San Diego 
Chairman Bob Wilson of the Republican Congressional 

Committee last week announced the start of a nationwide GOP 
contest to gain contributors of $25 to the committee. entitlmg 
them to a year's subscription to the commlttee's Newsleuer, a 
bl·weekly pubhcation of Repubhcan News. 

Top winners will receive an all-expenses·paid trip for two to 
the Republican ConventIOn in San Diego August 21·24 . A 
number of other pnzes also are offered 

"Trials and Tribulations" 
Justice Stanley Mo k of the California Supreme Court Will 

address the San Diego Open Forum at 8 p,m. Sunday (Mar 51 
In the auditorium of the First UOltanan Church. 4190 Front St. 

His subject will be "Tnals and Tribulal1ons. " based on hiS 
more than 30 years expenence serving the state as adviser. 
attorney general and judge 

Lawrence Reappointed 
Governor Ronald Reagan today reapPOinted Dr. John H. 

Lawrence to a 16 year term on the Board of Regents of the 
University of Caltfornia. 

" As he did during his many years as a member of the faculty . 
Dr. Lawrence is contmulOg to contribute hiS knowledgl' and 
talents to solving the problems faced by our UniverSity. I am 
grateful. as I know all Californians are grateful. for his 
dedicated service to thiS institution ," I he governor aid 

Rare Earth in San Diego 
On Sunday, Mar. 5. 1972, Rare Earth will appear in casual 

concert at the San Diego Sports Arena Also appearing on the 
same show wlll be Cheech & Chong and Goose . Creek 
Symphony. Show time IS 7 pm 

Rare Earth is an exceptIonally popular group today and the 
baSIC reason IS their determlOallon to play mu IC that makes 
people feel good Their biggest satisfaclton IS gettlOg to people 
emotlOnall)' and maklOg them move phYSically. The group 
consl ts of IX members . Pete Rivera [drum and vocalsi. Gil 
Bndges ( ax and flute!. John Persch Ibassl. Ed Gusman 
[congas and drumSI. Ray Monette Ilead gUltarl and Mark 
Olson (organ I The)' have four albums out and several hits 
including. "I Just Want To Celebrate." and their most recent. 
'He\ Big Brother . 

Tlcket~ are 5 10 advance and $550 at the door and are 
available at all Bill Gamble' Mens Stores Central Ttcket 
AgenCies and the Sports .\rena Box Office 1224-41i61 , Mllitan 
discounts are also available 

Drama Deparflnent Offerings 
Threc performances each of the t:CSD Theatre's current. 

repertof\ of The Bloodknot: 'dlrected b\ Floyd Ganney. and a 
double bill of Amtophane's LYSlstrata ' and Shakespeare's 
'The Comed\ Of F:rrors" dlrcctrd bv EriC Chnstmas Will be 

given - Thl Bloodknut " on March 3 ItoOl~htJ 9 and 11. and 
" LvsIstratd and The Cumed\ 01 Errors ' ~1arch 4 
I tomOrrl)\\ . 8. and 10 ..\11 periormances stilrt at 8 at tht: L:CSD 
Thcatrt· I behtnd thc book . tOrl' 

Poelly Reading 
Thl'fl' \\ill b" a poctf\ readtng "Hit DaVid Br()ml~l' :\Icmda\ 

('\('ntng ~1oj('(h Ii dt 8 ~() P m 10 the HC'v('II(' Inlorlllal Loung .. 
Thp n'adtn~ "sponsored b\ the Cdmpus Progrilll1 BIJdrd 

Are you tired of fighting 
with your parents and in-laws? 

Watch therapy discussions with Psychologist 

DR . IRENE KASSORLA 
"ulIll,,~, :.! ::IO 1 •. 111 . en ... (hann~12 

Page 2 Triton Times March 3, 1972 

Lorry Deckel 
Faster than a speeding 

prophet, more powerful than 
a Gideon Bible. able to leap 
over tall fallacies in a single 
bound, the voice of Radio 
Free J esus made itself 
heard on Revelle Plaza once 
again in the form of an 
anonymous Bible·bearing 
barker who after the crowds 
dispersed said he was just a 
"screaming Baptist" from 
Santa Cruz. 

He drew a fair noontime 
crowd last Wednesday . 
though smaller lhan the huge 
audience for Holy Hubert 
from Berkeley about two 
weeks ago. It seems as though 
these noontime demon· 
strations pre reviving the old 
interest in the Christian . 
versus . the . Lions games. 
now in the slight variation of 

One View 
of the Flood 

" Little Jesus (he said " All 
Christians are actually Little 
Jesuses") versus the devil-
possessed college students." 

Bible clenched tightly in his 
fist. he bragged of the smile 
he wore as the smile of all 
who bel ieved in Jesus. and 
despite hecklers in the crowd 
explaining they were smiling 
too [hard to prevent in view 
of the fine entertainmentl. 

the preaching continued. a 
fine example of hard-core 
commercialized religion . 
Reminiscing about TV 's often 
pushy advertising. f could see 
him in my mind's eye 
shouting "Stop! You 're all 
wrong. He's three. Three. 
THREE Gods in one! ,. 

The crowd seemed more or 
less divided about him - the 
faithful standing together. the 

hecklers getting in close to 
get their punches in , and the 
apathetic standing back and 
enjoying the show. 

The anonymous evangelist 
was trying to tell us that we 
are faced with the black and 
white decision of either 
aligning ourselves with him 
and setting forth to convert 
the world with love of Jesus 
pouring out of our mouths like 
some great flood , or facing 
eternal. inevitable and 
complete damnation , 

Despite the grim prospects 
for the student body . 
everyone seemed to enjoy the 
noon seminar. and left with 
some opinion or motivated 
thought. As one person 
mentioned. "People like that 
are gl~,i ng Christianity a bad 
name. 

VA Hospital Volunteer Program 
Kathy Kluzek 

There is currently a need 
for people who are wilhng to 
serve as volunteers at the 
new V A hospital. 

The volunteer service can 
use anyone that is able to 
work a minimum of four 
hours during the day or three 
at night. Because of the 
training required . they do ask 
that these hours be 
consecutive. Working five or 
more con ecutive hours 
entities the volunteer to a 
free lunch 

" Volunteers should start 
out slow. limiting them elves 
to one or two days a week 
ThiS is especially true for 
college students since they 
need tlme to study. date. and 
a lot of time to themselves . 
We understand , in fact we 
expect. that their volunteer 
work Will often be second to 
these other needs." said Skip 
Wills , director of volunteers. 

Daily working hours are 
from 8 am, to 4 p.m. with the 
night hours extending until 9 
The lab may be able to use 
people until as late as 
midntght but thiS won't be 
until a later date 

To be a volunteer you must 
ftrst go to the ";!olunteer 

Servlce~ Offtce, "No untform 
IS reqUired and long hair IS 
not a determtnant. " said 
Will . .. All we ask I~ that our 
volunteers be neat and 
clean .. 

Records of .all hours worked 
and evaluations of the 
volunteers will be kept b~' thi s 
office These \\,111 be a beneftt 
to the volunteers. a they ma\ 
be used for wr'lting 
recommenda ton s and 
references 

Each of the vanous parts 
and \\ards of the hospital has 
different uses for volunteers 
The nurses could use people 
to help on weekends assisting 

in the wards. They ask that 
volunteers report ' to them 

inttlall~' in groups of six in 
order to facilititate training , 

People will also be needed 
in the lab to help answer the 
telephone and to run errands 
with specimens . After 
awahile. these volunteers 
may be able to assist in the 
actual laboratory work . 

Another facet of the 
volunteer program is the 
personal services. Volunteers 
are asked to Wrl te letters or 
run such errand for the 
patients as shopping at the 
hospital canteen or gift shop. 
In addition. they are expected 
to sit down and talk with the 
patient s and lend a 
sympathetic ear to their 
problems. 

Working with Vietnam 

veterans on a one·to-one basis 
is one projected program in 
thiS area . However . 
volunteers cannot ask for a 
veteran from a specific war. 
1 nstead they will be assigned 
to a certain ward . like 
surgery for example . 
Presently the personal 
services needs help only on 
Saturdays. 

Other projected areas not 
needing volunteers at the 
present time are recreation, 
occupational therapy. and the 
escort service . Recreation 
will include physical 
activities, such as basketball 
and swimming in a 
therapeutic pool. as well as 
movies and other forms of 
entertainment for those who 
cannot partidpate in the 
more vigorous sports . 

Occupational therapy will 
consist mostly of arts and 
crafts projects. The escort 
service provides occasional 
rides into town for patients 
that are not bedridden , 

" There are plenty of 
opportunities for those who 
want to find work directly 
related to their fields of 
interest. For example, those 
considering physical therapy 
or those experienced with 
audio·visual equipment would 
be great assets to the 
recreation department. " said 
Wills . 

The volunteer service does 
request that volunteers come 
in on a regularly scheduled 
basis . Dependability is the 
key - if they feel they can 
count on you. they will use 
you . 

AS Proposes Boord Merger 
A regular AS Council meeting was held Feb. 

25 at 2 p.m. AS President Paul Kaufman 
reported on a meeting between himself and 
the campus-wide Program Board regarding 
the proposed merger of the campus wide 
Board With the AS Program Board. 

Currently the AS Program Board is 
responsible for su h activities as the Friday 
and Saturday ight Flicks, Coffee Hut 
entertai'nment. and other mainly student· 
oriented entertainment. The campus·wide 
Program Board arranges other activities 
aimed at the entire campus community. and 
ItS membership reflects thiS diversity 

AS Program Board Chairman Dave Wallace 
is co·chalrman of the campus·wide Program 
Board , The AS Program Board is funded by AS 
fees . the campu ·wide Board by Registra tion 
fees and AS fees . 

Kaufman reporled that the campus·wide 
Board agrees unanimously on the merger 
Idea. but that some details Will have to be 
worked out before itcan be accompli hed . 

AS Comm iSS ioner of Student Welfare Fred 
Fruchthendler reported on a conference to be 
held at USC on March II. presented by 

Operation Oxygen. The conference will be 
aimed at helping schools and businesses set up 
computerized car pool systems. Any students 
who would be interested in working on such a 
program should contact Fred at the AS office. 
250 Me. 

In other business. the Council allocated $20 
to the Music Talented and Hobby Association 
to purchase four used chairs for their office. 
Public Relations Director Tom Delts reported 
that the pathway from Gilman Drive to Muir 
College through the eucalyptus grove near 
Matthews. presently blocked by landscaping. 
will be reopened. Right now, the plants in the 
pathway are being trampled, 

A petition drive is being conducted to qualify 
an initiative for the November ballot that 
would legalize marijuana in California . 
Students are needed to help collect the 
required signatures . Anyone interested in 
orgamzing such a drive at UCSD should 
contact Paul Kaufman at the AS office , 250 
MC. X1913 
The next AS meeting has not b en scheduled at 
thiS time. 

ONCE A YEAR SALE 
soft 

clingy dresses 
& fops ... 

A NEW CABARET OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT ••• 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAILY FROM 11:00 am 
UNTIL 7:00 am. 

4910 VOLTAIRE OCEAN BEACH 
(714) 223·9173 

We must decrease our inventory by 
Ma rch 1 5 . Ma ny items listed at 
slightly above cost. Some one of a 
kind . All priced to go! 
'1 Sony TC8 recorder decks 
2 Panasonic 55w receivers 
I JVC 140 watt receiver w I SEA 
3 Sony TC·120 recorders 
I Miracord SOH turntable 
2 Miracord 630 turntable 
3 Scott receivers w I free 

$109.50 
$ 159.95 
$269.95 
$99.95 

$149.95 
$99.95 

headphones $2'15 to $334.95 
I TEAC A 1200U $769.95 
2 Pioneer SX-l SOOTD receiver $319,95 

PLUS MANY, MANY MORE 
La Jolla Music 

1128 Wall St. La Jolla 459-3375 

triton times 
UM ... sity .f (eIi'lfllia, S." Di ... 

t. Jo • • C .... r.92037 
(714) 453-2000, lit. I.", AIIv ... 'isi,. tit. 1017 

Molly SlIvin, 14itor·;'Chie' T ... ry aor • • luti..,. Mo ..... 

The Hi, ... HIk Ixpress" Mltw .r. approved by the 
TIlTON TIMES 14it .... ~ .. r4. All .ther ";lIiMs ... 
pressed OIl " ..... Ir' ....... , thl IV"",. whose 
.. -. ."..r ill the ~yIiHs. .noI tie 1111 1It<ISSIIrily 
refl'" the views of the TIlTON TlMIS. 

MINORITY EDITORIAL 
The opinions expressed below have been ap-
proved by a minority of 'he TRITON TIMES 
Editorial Board. 

Support the Referendum 
The student election continuing through next Tuesday 

proposes a very important reform of the present AS 
student government. There can be no doubt that the AS 
emerging as a votuntary organization would be different 
from its present form. The question is whether it would 
be better or worse for the change. 

When the first mandatory AS fee was tevied here 
seven years ago, the student body consisted of 300 
persons tocated on Revelle campus. It was impossible 
for a government to lose touch with its constituents, and 
it was easy for the students to hold direct reins of power 
over it. Today, there are 5,000 undergraduates at UCSD, 
spread over three campuses. and throughout the county . 
Inevitably, the community sense of government that 
exIsted at the AS's beginning has ended. No longer does 
the student have reasonable available means for 
seeking redress from the AS government. 

The case of the persons who organized the present 
voluntary membership referendum 1$ Instructive. First, 
they had to obtain the signatures of 1,000 students. It 
took them two weeks of searching through dorms, 
parking lots and Revelle Plaza. Second, the 
administration of Vice-Chancellor George Murphy has 
required that 50% of the student body must partiCipate 
in this election to make the results valid . This means 
that 2500 students must .vote . In last year' s elections of 
student officers, successively 1400, 1700, and 1,000 
students voted. The 2500 figure was clearly designed to 
hamper, and probably preempt, Ihe possibility of a 
voluntary AS organization. 

Have we, however, obtained a more effic ient and 
productive student government as compensation for its 
distance from the average student? Clearly, on some 
counts, we have not. The much-discussed Coast Cruiser 
is an example. 

Some services of use are provided by the AS, notably 
the Program Board's entertainment activities. It is 
in structive that the Friday and Saturday night Flicks 

ContiDued on Page 7 

THREE REICHS 
AND YOU'RE OUT! 

SO pick up a copy of the National Lampoon 's 
March " Escape" issue and find asylum in our 
special Split-to-t he-Coast section , Time 
Travel Comics, and Mrs. Agnew's Diary. The 
National Lampoon is the only humor magazine 
that melts in your head, not in yuur mouth, On 
sale at your local newsstand. (Look for the 
Nazi on the wrapper.) 

The California Primary: 
An Early Look 

by Lance Levenlhlsl 
The delegate selection caucuses held last weekend 

throughout California have given some preliminary Idea of the 
relative strength of the Democratic presidential candidates. 
While certainly no numerical representation of the vote. the 
caucuses did show current organizational status and initial 
support from party, community, labor , and minority leaders 
for each candidate. 

The largest turnouts were for George McGovern [6,000 
statewide - 427 in San Diego County) and Edmund Muskle 
(5,400 statewide - 566 in San Diego County). Other substantial 
statewide turnouts were for Hubert Humphrey (1478 1. Shirley 
Chisholm (1402), and John Lindsay (1279). Little support was 
shown for Henry Jackson (385). Sam Yorty (3021. Eugene 

Coalition Tactics 
b~ ,\ssocialcd Slud('nt~ 

The " Coalition for a 
Voluntary A.S " has ceased 
debating a philosophical issue. 
and has resoted to what can 
only be termed unscrupulous 
tactics. 
They claim In their latest 

handout that A.S. officers , In 
order to " save their salaries, " 
are spreading the lie that there 
will be no more intramural 
sports if the A.S, goes 
voluntary. "The Coalition" 
claims that they then checked 
with the A.S. accountant as 
well as in the A.S, budget itself. 
and found that no A.S. money 
went to intramural athlettcs . 
The fact is that we don 't 
contribute any money to intra· 
murals. But can anyone believe 
that we would be foolish enough 
to lie about that considenng : 
the A.S. budget IS public 
record : anyone can get a copy 
of it from the A.S. office or 

from our accountant merely bv 
requesting it (and 10 fact . Jim 
Sills of the CoahtlOn has come 
mto our office numerous limes 
and looked through our office 
copy of the budget and mmutes 
of past A.S meetings I. all A S 
meetings lin which the budget 
is approved and subsequent 
allocations are made I are open 
to the public : and the entire 
A,S budget was published In a 
lengthy front page article in the 
TRITON TIMES just thiS last 
Fall Quarter? 

Secondly. a representative of 
the Coalitton (Mike Sheerin I 
was present at the meeting in 
which the condittons of the 
referendum were set. and he 
agreed to each of them 
(voluntarily I - so it IS Simply 
untrue that the admimstration 
" rigged " the electIOn to 
"save" the A S 

r"IlIIIlHllllllllllllillnllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll1111I1I11I1II1I111I11I1I111U1 

I ~Mt~~~ I 
I PECI.4L OF OF LA .JOLLA ; i THE U"EEK: .: . : I 
i New York Cheddar i 

~ $1.69 / lb. ~ i Regularly $1.89 / lb. ~ 
I § j 7523-A Fay Ave ., La Jolla § i (on Drury Lone PlaIa) 454-5384 ~ 
1II .. lIlItlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllIIlIIlIIlIlIlIIlIlIIlIIlIlIllIlIlIllIlm 

MOVIES 
SOc tonight usb 2722 7& 10:30 

LITTLE MURDERS 
and 

PINTER'S PEOPLE 
$1 tomorrow usb 2722 7&10:30 

IN COLD BLOOD 
and 

MASCULINE FEMININE 
FREE COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

tonight - 9-11: 30 pm: 

THE BUSTED STRING BAND 
featuring Bluegrass and good time music 

saturday - 9-1 2 pm: 

MARK FRIEDMAN & FRIENDS 
a mixed bag of music from rack to traditional 

ALSO AT THE COFFEE HUT 
TODAY'S LUNCH AND DINNER 

$1.05 SPAGHETTI SPECIAL $1.05 

McCarthy (201 ), and Vance Hartke (145 ). 
From the delegates and participants in 5an DIego County 

(which may not be typical) some prelim mary conclUSions can 
be drawn : 

1) Muskie has the support of most vf the prominent 
Democraltc officeholders and party leaders . Humphrey has 
the remaining support but many of the officeholders and party 
leaders who back him were more powerful 10 1968 than now . 

2) McGovern has the backing of most of the peace activists 
and Democraltc club members who were Eugene McCarthy 's 
strongest supporters in 1968 : Lindsay. Chisholm, and Musk ie 
have the remaimng support from thiS group . 

3) No candidate has great support from blacks and chicanos 
Humphrey. Muskle. Lindsay. Chisholm. and McGovern all 
have some black and chicano supporters: 

41 Humphrey and Muskie have most of the Jabor support, 
Jackson has some labor support but apparently must prove he 
is a serious candidate to get more : 

51 McGovern , Muskie . Ltndsay, and Chisholm all have 
attracted th support of many young people Intere teems 
higher m thiS group than at a comparable lime 10 1968 due to 
the IS·year old vote and the early start of the campaign 

McGovern's lead 10 the caucuses was a major surpnse. He 
appears to have the best orgamzation by far and seems to have 
won over almost all of the campaign workers from Eugene 
McCarthy 's t968 effort However. he has ,limited support from 
minorities, party leaders, and labor. 

Chisholm and Lmdsav are the unknown factors 10 the race at 
thiS point. Both had fairl) large caucuses despite late start 
little local orgamzation, and limited part} support. both would 
thus appear to have a base from which to work . Chisholm could 
do well among blacks and women who are not eXCited b~ the 
leading candidates . Lindsay. the only charismahc candidate 10 
the field . could win over many young people and 1968 Kepnedy 
voters With a strong media campaign. However. neither 
candtdate has any party or labor support or a strong record of 
past achievements In government 

Muskie. the current front·runner nattonally would ha~e to be 
the early faVOrite m the Ca!tforma pnmary but McGovern 's 
hne showtng in the caucuses and strong organizalton cannot be 
ignored. Humphrey , Lindsay , and Chisholm appear now to be 
potential contenders but the earlier prlmanes will surely cause 
many changes. 

Ashbrook for President 
b~ G ar~ 1\ reep 

On government : 
" Y guess f could be called a 'liberaI'm the claSSIC sense. but 

under today's labels I am a conservalt\e The true !tberal 
fought for the IOdlvidual's rights agamst the crown. which now 
means big government. But the modern !tberal wants to gtve 
all power to the crown - to the execullve - and that I wtll 
alwavs fight. " 

On President IX on 
"1 am not one of those who can 'POlOt With aJarm ' under 

Kennedv and Johnson, then 'pomt with pride' when the same 
poliCies are advanced by a Repubhcan preSident In time some 
circumstances may change. but baSIC pnnclples remam the 
same. 

.. I Will support the President steadfastlv 10 hiS efforts to 
brtng about the changes he proml ed the American people. I 
Will Just as vlgorousl~' oppose him when he goe 10 the opposJle 
direction. " 

These are the words of John Ashbrook. Repub!tcan 
representative from OhiO, He IS campaIgning for the 
Repubhcan nomlOatlOn to the office of preSident of the l'mted 
States 

Senator Barry Goldwater has said." Dick ~Ixon hasnt 
changed an! smce 1952 or '53 Anyone who upported him 
thlOkmg he was as conservatIve a I am I~ mistaken But h('s a 
hell of a lot more con ervallve than Hubert Humphre~ or Ted 
Kenned)" But to quote Human Events (Oct II 1969 . that 
relallve standard for pohllcal con ervatl m I not enough for 
John A hbrook He chngs to the mcreastngl~ rarc notIOn that 
when a man makes a promise. he Will fulfill 11 
Representative Ashbrook IS runnmg agam. t PreSident :\I)"on 
because :-';Ixon IS not "runntng the government accord 109 to 
pnnclples of hiS elC'ctlOn campaign • (The quote IS from Larn 
Prall . new executive director of the Amencan Conscf\atlve 
rOion I The PreSident ha, not fulfilled hi, eampalgn proml~es 
ThiS rna)' ~ound awfull) Id ahstlc. but l~n'lll about Ilme thc 
voters startcd holdmg politiCians accountable for thell 
campaign proml. e," 

Thl' above·mentlOn'd pnnclples \\ere millOll' the Idl'as of 
hmltl'd government . balanced budgets and the malntcnance of 
a strong dclem,e posture The present administration hi" 
\tolated the (' pnnclples b) I I the u I' of wagc and pncCo 
control>. :om thmg which :\otr :'.Ixon objected to m 1968 ~ I 
dpflclt 'pl'ndmg iO billion worth 3 Ignonng thl' l'\ Idcnrl of a 
comlntllC'C which :;Ixon apPOinted to stud) thl SituatIOn , that 
the l mted lates defensl\'!' position was worsl'mng ilnd 4 
Insultmg and embarraSSing our Paclftc al!tes thruugh the 
Prc,ldcnt 's handhng of hiS tnp to Red Chma 

Ashbrook' View, on other subjects mclude I I la\'11rmg the 
cuttmg off of federal did to students \\ho disrupt campuses . 

th()u~h not to enure college. which uffer disorders . 2 
opposing total abo!ttlOn ,)f the electoral college favonng a 
dlStnct plan mstead . 3 0pposlIlg gOlcrnment birth cuntrol 
plans 'That certamh IS a nlJller for mdl\tdual cons{'(C'nl'e 
4. opposmg gun control la\\~. but favonng mandaton 
sentences for con\'lNed felon. who u I' firearms On G('()r!!(' 
Wallace. John Ashbrook hasatd " .'\s a ronsenatlw. I don t 
stand lor enforced segregation I stand for freedom and I thtnk 
the Constitution does. too George Wallaccs :Iogan onl) 
recently was 'segregatlon f('[('ler ' and 10 m\ \'lew that 
separates him decl Ively frorl the con:ervatlvc po~ltlon He 
voted agatnst the PreSident s reque~t for an extensIOn of thl' 
10% surcharge. chargtng no neanlngful effort ha , bc n mad 
to cut pendtng a \ ote to ext 'nd the surta IS Irresponslble -
It merelv assures the spend en that th mane, Will b there to 
continue bustne s a usual . 

A hbrook 0 far , has the uvport of the Con>cnatl\I' Party 
In ell' York . Human EnDI pubh auon. '1lham Loeb' 

Conllnut4 on Plgt 1 

Triton Times March 3, 1?72 Page 3 

h 



- .' 

introducinl 

WILD TURKEY 
Sa. Diel' Sports SAT 
.6IIX.6.MAR18 8PM. 

Tickets: $4.75 Advance· $5.50 Dav of Show 
TICKETS AVAilABLE AT, All Sn .. ker Inn" Bill Camble's Men's SI .. "" 

Cenlral Ticket A~nc l .. , Sporls Aren. Ticket Olt"e, 
Call 224·4176 for ticket Information 

Produced by t ONtl RT 'SSOU"TI~ ., '., -'" 

To Ind from LOl Angel .. , Sin FrlncllCo, 
Slcrlmenlo, San Diego, Sin JOM, Olkllnd, 
Hollywood.Burbank, Ontlrlo, Ind Long Belch. 

Sharing any of PSA's 160 daily flights IS a gas. And 
with our low air fares, flying PSA isn't a whole lot 
more expensive Ihan hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. So why not stick 
your thumb in the phone instead, and dial us for 
a reservation? 

PSAlMS)IIDU a lit. 

F'R ' OA~ Wee. ~N or>ff'1 . Field's 
H0lti Just 
ONU/! For 

® 
COlli« 

Laughs 
• The Golf Specialist 
.The Fatal Glass of Beer 
.The Pharmacist 'TheDentist 
.The Barbershop -The Pool Shark 
COIIPLE H SHOWSFROII 7: 15 AND 9 15 

THE URGE TO LOVE 

LIBIDO 
FDrEARTS ...... 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

Page 4 Triton Times March 3, 1972 

UCSD brings back · 

Irvine hardware 
Mark Young 

UCSD's fine fencing squad had a moderately successful 
weekend at the Southern California championspips in Irvine. as 
they returned to the confines of the campus loaded down with 
six trophies. These were not begged. borrowed, or stolen but 
won, by a group of individuals who like trying to stab each 
other. Oh. well , anything for a cheap thrill. I suppose. 

Anyway - the Tritons performed fairly well , considering 
that they had one fencer participating with a broken toe (which 
he fractured while flying a kite - can you believe it?); and 
another fencing with a sprained finger (must have stuck it 
where it shouldn 't have been ). Of course, the absence of Patty 

eal also kept the Tritons from achieving their true potential. 
Despite all these handicaps , the people in white managed to 
place second in saber. third in epee, and fifth in foil for the 
men, while the women took a fourth in their foil event. 

Leading the barrage in the saber competition was our choice 
for " playboy of the month" - Dick Sax. He sliced bis way to an 
11-4 record , losing only to the members of a powerful San 
Fernando Valley State team. Jim Eller ended up with an 8-7 
record and Calvin Cagnalalti finished 4 ·) ) to round out the rest 
of the saber team. 

The epee squad saw two fine performances by John Helmich 
(11·3) and Howard Eno (10-4) , These modest young fellows 
thollght they could have one much beUer, but their showing 
was good enough for second and third place individual trophie~ . 

The foil competition with the two cripples Stan Robinson 
(you're kidding , a kite ) and John Meyers managed a fifth pl'l,ce 
team finish . Mike Jones ended up with a 9~ record and not only 
had to fence , but also play nurse maid as well . Robinson 
finished 7·1land Meyers 3·11. 

The girls' team of Susan Hillary (5-8), Terri Breshini (4·101, 
Diane Naffke (7-8) and Minday Scott (0-31 went up against 
some strong competition and finished fourth . They fenced well 
against some real bruisers. and should not be ashamed at a II by 
their performance. 

In retrospect , the team fenced well , and got an extremely 
good warm up for the Western Intercollegiate ChampIOnships 
this weekend. If Robinson stays away from kites. Meyers away 
from small places, and Sax away from girls. the leam should 
do well 

Fencing tournament 

here this weekend 
Mark Young 

If ~'ou happ n to wander Into the gym toda~', tomorrow or 
Sunda\. and are suddenlv faced bv hundreds of men In white. 
charging at each other With swords - don 't run away , they're 
not 2000 Mr . Cleans here to scrub the gym floor , they're fencers 
from all over the West who have come to compete in the 
biggest fenCing meet to ever hit Call forma . Twenty-two teams 
from all over have arrived to participate in the Western 
Intercollegiate Championships - one of the biggest sporting 
events to hit thiS little campus since we hosted the NAIA 
volleyball championships two years ago. And anybody who has 
anv Interest whatsoever In fenclOg - in fact. anybody who has 

an~ Interest In anything. ought to drop by , 
If yOU sav:'Well l don 't reallv know what is happening during 

a fencing ",pet. -- - you no longer have an excuse, Coach White 
Will have a printed instruction page telling even the most 
Illiterate fan exactlv how to watch the fine art of fencing . And 
If vou are int~rested' In watching the hometown hero s. they're 
the ones on stnp No. ) who arc wearing the blue arm·bands If 
vou ' re Interested In Dick Sax til particular - he's the one with 
the wild temper , gyrating moves. quick reactions: and cocky 
stance. 

For three days straight. starling at 9 in the morning. and 
ending at 8 or 9 at mght. the competition will go on and on and 
on Frldav will mark the beginning , with the epee competition 
Saturdav 'wlli be the foil. and Sundav, the exciting saber. The 
favonte' In the meet IS the Air Force Academy. After that Irs a 
toss.up between Berkeley. UCLA. San LUIS Obispo, San 

~'ernando Valley State. UCSD, SFCC. and SF State. 
Thi s is absoiutelv vour last chance to see any fenCing 

competition on this 'campus And what a way to finish . ThiS IS 
the All Star game and play-offs rolled into one. Irs the last step 
before the Nationals . It's free, Don 't miss it. Come. 

Biola upset 

Tritons finish ig win 
Our red hot roundballers astounded the 

NAIA basketball world as they eliminated 
USlU last weekend, 73·72 , and obliterated 
tourney·bound Biola Wednesday night, 81·59. 
The Tritons won their last five games of the 
year in a gutty display of clutch basketball and 
really turned the season arou nd, raising their 
record from 8·13 to a respectable )3·13. Many 
coaches were at Wednesday nigbt 's game, due 
to the fact that Biola is the second ranked 
NAlA team on the coast and will compete in 
the Western regionals this weekend, and all 
concurred that UCSD hustled better than any 
team that they had seen this year. The Tritons 
had their troubles at the beginning of the year , 
but they were a young team and if the last five 
games are any indication. next year could be a 
great one. 

Last weekend's game at Cal Western was a 
tough , hard·fought contest in which both 
teams had a lot at slake. It was USIU 's last 
game in their gym due to their move to Elliot 
campus, and Thunder and the boys were dying 
to win it. But with Pete's and Frenchie's 
roomies supplying the inspiration in the form 
of a sign that· read , " In your eye, Cal 
Western." the Tritons were not to be denied . 
Curtis (he's bad, he's bad, you know he's bad ) 
Wright and Tall Paul Trainer , the Triton 's 
concupiscent center. supplied the scoring 
punch with 16 and 25 respectively , and 
awesome Pete ("how tough is it? ") 
Henderson crashed the boards for 
innumerable rebounds. Dave Gregory hit the 
winning jumper on an assist from Jon (French 
Fuqua) LeLevier. and USlU 's hopes of a 
playoff berth were eradicated. 

On the impetus of that victory the Tritons 
blitzed a shocked and bewildered Biola club 
Wednesday night with a voracious display of 
aggressive rebounding. After the dust had 
settled the final rebound tally found UCSD 
with 57 and Biola with 18!! As Dick Enberg 
would say in one of his more lucid moments, 
, , 'Oh my' " ft was the rarest game of the year 
as UCSD jumped off to a 13·2 lead and never 
looked back. The ubiquitous Henderson had 22 
rebounds, )8 points, and was just super. Dave 
Wright closed out his collegiate career with a 

8 rebounds. Scott 
Wrll~los'eo out his career with 

incredible flying 
Unfortunately the 

so Scott was 
warm ups. The 

, ... -'.,;''''PoI and so were the 
unceasingly 

When the 6'8" 
peeled off his 

berserk, and when he 
Jumper after putting 

popcorn machi ne. the 

was a filting end to a 
~~?:t~.m.e1Itirl~L_:s:~e:a~~so~~n . and the 
- members of 

nv,'rsl~ate(\ . Tom Bruice 
continuing sources of 

III.V" "Lion,. hustling and determined 
key offensive spurts and 

tough defense to help 
Jon LeLevier was the 

many of his contributions 
box score. The S'3"?? 

h.nI.Mltn2 year. no doubt due 
over his much 

hoo,eluiliva year's growth 
Kostyshak 

mornenlls, most notably 
U. of i at Hilo. 

be said about those that 
position on a 

the guys that put in 
hard work as the 

to playas much. They 
does anyone who plays 
seldom got tbe chance 

a crowd . You can't 
a second string and all . 

the hard work and effort 
Rich Galvez. and Marty 

Ron Werf! and Bruce 
who have missed the 
's frenzied action will 
vear when once again 
s~~,~:IJ~il~t'~~ nights at UCSD will bl of "On you. chump". 

your eye. sucker ... 

Gliders soar agai 

Miller looks sharp 
in baseball vic}ory 

Mark Young 

Well . dear friends. the UCSD baseball team has finally 
shown us what we've been waiting to see ql1 year - a win. Not 
just an ordinary win against a bunch of pony league rejects, but 
a fine solid win against a fine solid team. They accomplished 
this feat last Tuesday on the Triton diamond by topping Azusa 
4·0. 

Randy Miller was the hero (swoon) . going the full nine 
innings , striking out nine and walking only two. He was 
extremely effective all the wa y, keeping the hiUersoff balance 
and giving up only four hits. He was backed up by a stingy 
defense which yielded only two errors - well below the 
average of their first two games. 

The Tritons jumped out in front in the first innning on a one· 
out walk to Bahle and a single by Reordan. Then with two outs 
both Pete Yockey and Jim Rozane waited out the frustrated 
pitcher to draw two walks and force in Bahte, The Tritons 
struck next (and finally) in the seventh inning on walks to 
Miller, Jerry Pittman, and "Turkey" Tebo. This set the stage 
for Yockey 's single to drive in both Miller and Pittman, Rozane 
then singled home Tebo. and the Tritons had their first victory 
of the year. This gives them a 1-3 record over·all . but more 
importantly. they now have a 1-0 record In their district 
division which is what really count if they are to get into the 
play-offs , 

Coach Vitale was extremely pleased with the team's 
performance - as well he should be. They played a fine 
defensive game. and got the hits when it counled (they 
managed five hits in all.) The squad now looks forward to a 
double.header against Pomona - Saturday at noon on the 
Trilon diamond . Pomona is also in our district. and two WinS 
here would put the team record at 3-0 in district play. If you 
have a chance. drop by the field , because the hot dog aren't 
being sold at the game. they 're on the field , and they just love 
attention. 

Doug Spore 

The UCSD Soaring Club is finally back in action. 
almost three-quarters of a year of inactivity (well . not 

ennis team rips UCR 
you just had to know where to look ) the insurance probl 
have been cleared up , and the club is starting to fly again 
training program is starting this weekend (March 4 and 51. 
will consist of an introductory " ground school" 
morning. and flight operations for the rest of the w",o'"" d 
Torrey Pines. This operation will be heir! with AGCSC 
Diego Soaring Club) and will have the dual purpose of 
give everyone at least one flight. and training ev,~rvone 
they can do their share at future operations. 
there will be a get·aquainted hot-dog·and-beer party at 
G liderport. 

The purpose of the UCSf) Soaring Club is to train 
Starting from scratch, a student can expect to "solo" 
signed off to fly in his own) in approximately 10·20 hour 
flight instruction . With the Easter encampment 
enthusiastic student could solo In a month or so. To sign up, 
to get more information , ca ll Reiner Welzel (Atlantis 40'JI 
453-8529. Reiner say that anyone who calls at two In 
morning will be scheduled to fly at similar hours. 

Waasdorp scor 

Ite the adverse 
of Riverside. (the 

and evi I smog I. the 
team triumphed 

'efl ·n1a',Pd 6·3 victory last 
Riverside: 

team was led by the 
of Ted Teacher. Baxley, 
eld and Burnett. 
won his singles match 
, 6-0, 6·2. and then 
With Buxley, a 6·2, 6·3 

In his sing les match, to 
the opposition in 

competition with 
6-4 . The members 
doubles team also 

thei r singles matches 
r doubles match . The 

• 

WIn 
Led by a thundering score by Peter "the 

gravid water snake" Waasdorp. the Triton 
ruggers sCQred a 14·0 triumph over Cal 
Lutheran last Saturday, extending its win 
streak to mne games. Contrary to habit the 
team stormed off to an 8-0 lead 10 the first 
half. The scoring was led off by winger Dr. 
Paul. fielding a kick from Terry Picton in 
front of the Cal Lutheran fullback and going in 
for the score. A few minutes later Liebow 
broke for another long run only to be stopped 
six inches short of the goal line. A set scrum 
wa formed and wheeled to the left and 
Rugger Dugger Beanan dropp d on the ball for 
an easy score. 

hO~;.'lgh l lght s in an otherwise 

Coming out for their usual second·half spurt, 
the ruggers . led by the jumping of Beanan and 
the tremendous pursuit of forwards Waasdorp, 
Sinclair. Wally Gator , Branch Gates. Delong, 
and -- Tootie", forced the Lutherans into 
mistake after mistake . However. the Tritons' 
hands seemed to be adversely affected by the 
damp fog swirling across the field. and their 
enthusiasm for getting the ball. causing 
numerous collisions amon~ teammates. There 

was the game of 
by low·slung Wally 
n back They faced 

full speed 'in front 
tried to get 
I~verage . " The Gator" 
th ~ grou nd with his nose 

hi man , sa w half the 
fast enough to help 
The second feature 

kick. making a quick 
Cal Lutheran team 
laces, Rather than 

Iheir fullback lor 
"water·snake." who 

Ike the magnum of 
('h;lm[la~ lle. so often caused his 

goa l line for his first 
at UCSD, 

ruggers going 
rn". """01"nn. for the league 
Chllml)io~I.Farns are undefeated and 

Offing . Kickoff is at ) 
the gym. 

team of Burnett, a 6·2. 6·2 
singles victor. and Wakefield, a 
6·4. 6·) winner in singles play . 
teamed to win the second 
doubles competition 6·2.6-3. 
The three losses came despite 
the efforts of Doreski and 
Davis, Doreskt was a 6-0 , 6·1 
loser In hiS singles play . His 
doubles partner was a 6-0. 6-4 
loser and together they lost in 
their doubles competition 6·3 , 
6·3. 

The second half of the 
weekend for the tennis team 
was not quite as interesting. 
They sojourned over to USD for 
a tennis match there but could 
not find the handle. They fell to 

.a well ·balanced and' highly· 
financed team by a score of g·o . 
That is not as bad as it sounds, 
USD will have one of the best 
tennis teams in the area and 
manages to fund most of their 
athletes through scholarshfp 
funds 

Thus. With the actiVities of 
the weekend included , the 
tenms team is off to a fine 3·2 
season . The team has defeated 
UCR twice - last Frldav there 
6·3 and a week ago last 'Friday 
7·2, her!! at UCSD. The other 
victory came at the expense of 
the (..aVprne College team. The 
score on that one, played the 
Saturday of the long weekend. 
was 6' 2·2'2. The two losses 
have come at the hands of San 
Diego State and USC. 

The team IS Improving and IS 
looking forward to a 
moderately successful season 
In NAIA competition. With the 
addition of a couple of players, 
such as Ted Teacher. who is 
coming back from illness. the 
team will be getting stronger 
The next match will be against 
Southern Cali fornia College 
there this Friday at 2:30. The 
Tritons are hoping to improve 
thell' record 

Students in for fall 
The newest club on campus, the UCS!) Skydiving Club. is 

falling from the sky at a rapid rate . Already )0 students have 
made their first jump under the auspices of the SkydiVing Club. 
on Saturday , Feb. 19. . 

Two experienced UC jumpers, Bob Hink and Scott Goodrich , 
participated 10 a seven·man star attem~t last SaturdilY· The 
attempt failed , but the two did succeed In a touch. a first for 
the club 

In plans for the future, the dub is working on confirmation of 
reduced jumping rates, which would int;lude a reduction on the 
price of a student's second jump, and a 20 per cent discount for 
students on regular jumps with the purchase of a s~eclal form 
of script ahead of time. If the club gains a substanual number 
of recruits . It Will plan a " hit and run" contest. ThiS IS an. event 
where Qne tries to maneuver his canopy as close a~ poSSible to 
the target. Each jumper is timed from the moment he hits the 
ground until he is able to knock over a beer, can or Similar 
()bject place on dead center . The lowest time WinS. 

For further information contact Pete or Scott at 27().1075. 

ElF 
CA)1~L€ 

SUPPL'l · 

Wu - Wide Orlft 
SUlit '0"' Mold •• ell,,. 

10'0 MOI"I/lG. 
(ClCI"OS' ft.o m 

FotoM<l1-) 
~"~ 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Slree! 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue, • Sol 
9.45- 5,30 

Women Welcome 

Clo~d Sun. & Mon 
233·8328 

SUMMER JOBS 
Guys & G.1s needed fe'r summer 
Imploym nt It numllous lOCi' 
tions throughout Ihl nltion in· 
ctuding Nltionll Perk., Resort 
Arlls Ind Privele Clmps. For 
frH 'information send self-ld· 
dressed, STAMPED envelope to 
Dpportunity RHelrcll. Dept 
SJD , Century Bldg., Polson, MT 
59860 . APPLICANTS MUST 
APPL Y EARL V ... 

c~ 

GRAND OPENING SPEC IAL 
D.N.I. 

VOLKSWAGEN PARTS m SERVICE 
• fin I.t BRI C ITIO' • rRfI 011.1 II "r;f 

.,,' S99S ... ..... IAJOI lUll·" • • c ._" 
tftcludn 

• , • . 1 ., ,'" 
• "I.. t \. s..~ "",l 
· " .. ' ~'''''' . · A' w. ( ..... u .... • rl\tr_ ,.~ If 
• I, .... , ''''I' , ",1 
• I, .... , I"" y h i ' ... ft . · "'d .... . \ "H ,' ,.1, .... riIJ ... ' 

563112 LA JOLLA BlVO IBird Rock) 
coo"'· 

U&-ISU 
U9-1S61 

FELLINI 
ON 

also ... 
11AWJD.E 

FELLI~I 
FELLlNI : A DIRECTORS NOTEBOOK (52) 

By Federico Fellini. Fell ini shows and explains 

~ 
what like making RICON" 

III tllll1t 
& 

. . , , 
. , . I. j 

~ ~he Wonderful waterBed a Week Contest rrom: lallral elvlr .... elll 
Records and Comlx rrom: MIDDLEAATH 

candles 
Plus -Tickets to the BACKDOOR at San Diego State ~ 
SATURDAY --A-C-A-D-E-M-Y ....... 
MIDNIGHT 3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 264·1000 

Or-'ro 
ORGANICAllY GROWN 

NATURAL fOOD 
• Produce ' Poultry Products 

• MOil t PrOducts . DailY Products 
• Bake ry GoodS ' Grains 

• Ju' ces . APp l' ances 
• rood Supplements ~~~=~~~'! 

-6'" 
NOW AVAILABLE AT OR-GRO 

Delicious Frozen Dinners 
organically grown ingredients 

Cheese Enchilada. Rice Casserole. Mushroom Casserole 

Eggplant 

HOURS: 
M·f 
SAT . 
SUN. 

Cheese and Cheese 

Joe and AI say they are good. Ask/em 

945 GARNET, PACIFIC BEACH 
PARKING IN REAR 

HOURS 
M·F 10·7 
SAT. 10·6 
:»u. . j .... 

Triton Times March 3/1972 i'age S 

.' 

, 

: \ 
" I t· 
.. , 



.. 

Reflections on Abortion 
Su ;an Barbara Anthony 

OK 
So ycu' re lying in bed with a 
guy 
And you're not taking pills 

because you think it well 
f'lr your body 
not to think it's pregnant 
for 

yea rs 
ata 
time 

And you have no other con-
traceptives in the house 

because yo~ have never 
used anything else 
so you don't know how 

you have a certain 
distaste 

for anything so crude, 
anyway. 

SO THERE YOU ARE 
You hadn't planned to see 
this guy 

he had just dropped in 
You hadn't planned to sleep 
with him 

but he had started kiss-
ing you 

And because it felt good to be 
physically close with so-
meone 

you liked as a human 
being 

And because you did not 
want to reject him 

and make hi m feel as if 
you didn't like him 

when 
you 
did 

And because he might have 
thought you a bitch 

and you would have felt 
like one rejecting him 
even if you tried to ex-
plain 
(when all you wilnted to 
do was be close to him) 

You had let him kiss you and 
hold you 

knowing full well he was 
gelting excited 
and wanted to make love 
to you 

And it got harder to say '0 by 
the second 

because you wanted to 
rna ke love too 
and for sure he would 
have called vou 
a ball-breaker had you 
stopped 

SOOK 
Maybe yO\l told him you 
weren't taking pills anymore 

which was hard enough 
to do 
just out of the blue. 
any\\ ay 

But no\\ it's 1.00 am 
and hm\ can yOU throw 
him out 

r~OB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 
STU DENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459-7355 

Besides he would just like to 
sleep beside you. 
SO 
Now he's beside you and get-
ting turned on rubbing your 
back 
You're ge lting turned on too 
and would so like to make 
love 

with him 
But there are still no con-
traceptives at hand ... 

maybe rhythm ? 
But you don't know anything 
abou t it anyway 

except something a guy 
told you once abou t 
heing saf e 
for ten days after your 
period 

And who knows if he knew 
anyway 
And dare you try? 
SO GODDAMN IT 
Why do you always have to 
be the one to say No, anyway 
Why is it always your 
responsi bi! ity 

why can't he share it 
And why aren't there any ef-
f ective MALE contraceptives 

so he can easily share it. 
anyway? 

OK 
So if you do say 0 

he ' ll probably get a 
stomachache from 
frustration 

And you know damn well you 
will get a stomachache and 
insomnia 

because it's happen I'd 
before 

And what abou t your libido? 
How the hell are you going to 
come every time when things 
like 

this happen 
right in the middle of a 
smooth flowing rhythm 
you block your feelings 
because you have to 
assume responsibility for 

OT having a kid 
And you just CUI off cold 

knowing he isn't wurry-
ing about it 

And how fucking fair is it that 
the furthest thing from his 
mind 

is his responsibility for 
not producing offspr ing?1 

It IS vou who are helJ 
responsible for it 

nothim 
It is you who may need an 
abortion 

not him 
But if you \,ant dn abortion 

\\ho then will be given 
the responsibility? 

SO 
The abortIOn debate was 
belween two men 

Page 6 Triton TimesMarch 3,1972 

'And that makes you want to 
laugh at the &bsurdity of it all 

knowing it is you, people 
expect to be 
responsible for not get-
ting pregnant 

because after all 
it is 
your 
future 

And if yo u do have a kid 
it's your body that will be 
responsible 
for those nine months 

And if you do keep Ihe kid 
married or not 

BUI 

you bear th e 
responsibility for not 
turning it into a psycho 

Because you also know that 
the responsibility given you 
for your motherhood is en-
tangled in a mesh of olher 
responsibilities: 

The responsibility for 
treating the sexuality 
of the guy next to you in 
bed like a human 
need/emotion instead of 
a machine response 
to be switched on/off 
the responsibilit y for 
your own sexuality 
so you don't lose touch 
with you r needs/ 
emotions, yo ur humanity 
the responsibilit y for 
your body so Ihat the 
present contraceptive 
methods don't screw up 
your hormones, puncture 
your uterus or give 
you an infection 

And because you see that all 
these responsibilities were 
given to you 
But no way to satisfy all oC 
Ihem without sacrifici ng one 
or 

the oth er oC them was 
given to you 

And because those two men 
on stage chose to make an 
academic discussion of abor-
tion , 

eXlracting it from the 
fabric of your 
responsi bili ties 
and the paradox of deal-
ing with Ihose 
responsi bili ties 
with the limited methods 
given you 

And because those two men 
also chose to bebave as 
though both sexes 

can ,md do take equal 
responsibdily for 
pre\'enling 
pregnanc~ 

You don 'I laugh 
YOU SEETHE. 

~-______ Abortion 
At the SaltOlan-Trinkhaus "debate" on the 

right to a bortion, a group of women 
interjected into the carnival atmosphere the 
very serious consideration that abortion is, 
first and foremost , the woman 's question. The 
audience was annoyed that their evening's 
entertainment was somewhat disrupted. This 
attitude and the entire tone 01 the debate 
indicate that women, their rights, and even 
their opinions, are thought to be irrelevant to 
the abortion issue. 

The question 01 the "right to life" is 
considered automatically to regard the Cetus 
exclusively - exclusively oC the very human 
being whose own rights are ignored the 
moment she becomes a " mother-ta-be. " She is 
only the container in which the letus grows. 
The debate on this question is about the 
justifiability of terminating a pregnancy. This 
completely overlooks the Cact that a fetus does 
not float free and independent but is always 
found inside the abdomen of a living human 
being. To debate about abortion is tantamount 
to trying to prove that a born human being has 
no rights of self-determination or physical 
integrity - if that human being is a woman. 
The cry that " life itself" is being debated is 
used to drown out the cry of the living - for 
life never occurs in the abstract, but always in 
particular situations. 

When a woman speaks about abortion she 
addresses herself directly to the question of 
self-preservation - survival. We are told that 
self-preservation is among a human being 's 
strongest "drives" - as basic as a biological 
impulse - yet when two men meet to debate 
the abortion question , they arrive with a 
predetermined agreement on the definition oC 
abortion. They do not even question their 
shared preconception that abortion amounts to 
an act committed solely with respect to the 
fetus . 

What are the reasons behind this 
divergence? Why is it that a man 
unquestioningly identifies the right of life in 
the abstract with the right to life of a fetus and 
places it above the right 01 a pregnant woman ? 
Why, when she is mentioned - if she is 
mentioned at all - is it only in relation to the 
future of the child she may bear? To begin 
with , in the eyes of society (that means men ) a 
woman who is pregnant has already entered 
into motherhood. In this condition she is seen 
as the "vessel of life." that which makes new 
life possible, rather than as a person with 
rights of her own. A woman's role in this 

society is so closely identified with her 
biological function that a man does not even 
stop to consider that a woman could with gOOd 
reason refuse to perform this fUnction . But 
what woman wouldn 't wonder about the 
wisdom of giving birth to a child, a child which 
will be entirely her responsibility, in a society 
which cannot guarantee a humane existence to 
all those now living, much less to the unborn? 

The main parental function is SOCially 
assigned to women. Not only does a woman 
bear the child but the primary, and often the 
only, responsibility for its care and nurture 
rests with the mother. Yet when a woman 
tries to make the most fundamental deciSion 
with respect to the issue of motherhood -
namely, can I be sure that a child of mine that 
I may bear in nine months or less will be 
properly cared for , emotionally and 
materially, or should I not have a child now, 
for its sake and mine? - when a woman tries 
to think rationally about this issue, she finds 
that the decision is not hers to make. 

For women in different social positions. this 
question represents different things. To a 
middle-class woman an unwanted child may 
mean an end to employment, education, or 
career or style of life, and, if she is unmarried, 
she may face the social stigma of being an 
"unwed" mother as well. For poor women, it 
may be a question of even having enough for 
them both to eat , particularly if there are 
other children in the family . Because the issue 
of abortion is not seen as one of self-
determination, we have the ludicrous situation 
of abortion being available to middle-class 
women with money, information and/or 
courage,unavailable to most poor women,and 
literally forced on many women on welfare. 

Even when abortion is available, the 
decision is almost invariably in the hands of 
men : a panel of doctors, psychiatrists. 
lawmakers and so on. Abortion historically 
has been manipulated politically: in countrie 
in which the leaders want the birth rate to be 
high, abortion is " immoral". In countries 
whose leaders wish to control the birth 
rate, women 's right to free or cheap legal 
abortion is given, not an issue. 

There is no foolproof method of bi rth 
control. The birth control pill has a failu re 
rate of 1 % ; IUD's fail up to 3 % of the time; 
and other methods are far less effective. Birth 

CoDtiDued aD Page 8 

Women's Liberation,UCSD 

opt, " ;:)' 1\ "" 
C;t~~'ons 
c.., " t;C'S' 

~~>~~~~~J~! ~e 
~\li,.,T) , ~'''L r""cA , ~ ~/\C t [)mdQ, 

CeVllt, l.() OL\A'L ~q 

\1'\,. ""I'u Sv.M ~ f'"",V\, oi' Ow 
c>~,o."""~,,,'i'\\c. (oIJU'Ij"!I'i., 

-<1< .... 
• ... Y. 

";'- .so~ c .... ~..t.tf I-O,).~"- • 
<'v, ~ ..... .,I., (()Anu .. ) 

Editorial. .. CoDliDuedlrom Pqe3 
seri" are virtually self-supporting, Students voluntarily 
pay their way in to these, Those services will continue 
with a voluntary AS government. The same goes for 
concerts, dances, and other IVlnts, 

We feel that the beneficial services provided by the AS 
will continue unhampered if membership becomes 
Voluntary, Simple administrative committees can direct 
the AS services the students clearly want: movies, 
concerts, dances, and other entertainment. Only 
students who loin the AS and pay its fee, would have the 
privilege of ticket discounts , 

Also, we oppose the arbitrary 50% turnout 
requirement ordered by the administration, This figure 
is in stark contrast to previous elections, 

We support the long overdue reform of the AS 
government proposed by the lIoluntary membership 
plan, We urge all undergraduates to lIote, every vote will 
count, 

\'ihhrook, , , 
CODtiDued from Page 3 

Manchester UN ION LEADER in New Hampshire, and William 
Buckley, the editor of NatioDal Review. Yel even With onty 
this the chairman of the Florida state Republican Party has 

esti~ated that Ashbrook will receive about 25% of the vote 10 
that state 's primary election . If you agree with his views and 
the stand he has taken. come and work for John, Ashbrook . If 
you do wish to work, the natIOnal headquarter s address IS 
. uite 909. Connecticut Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20036. 
Locallv you can contact me. Gary Kreep. at 453-3621, or at 
room 647', Argo Hall , UCSD. Post Office Box 4530, La Jolla , 
92037. For students. UCSD Students for Ashbrook IS belOg 
formed , and for non-students. they can be put 10 tou~h With 
other Ashbrook votunteers. Remember, you can make a 
difference! Students did 10 the electIOn of James Buckley. 

BOOKSTORE RIPOFF? 
by leyen Griffin 

The bookstore 's balance sheet has been so good that it has 
been atrocious. The Fall Quarter 1971 o,,"rating income 
surpassed $9,000. Accumulated earnings increased over 100 
percent. The " Roy Harvey Pearce" Inventory figure soared to 
$300,000. The capital surplus doubled . Wage expense rose to a 
record $65,000 to support three managers, fifteen secretaries. 
and several cashiers. Prices skyrocketed. 

What happened to the consumers, the unfortunate suckers 
who are compelled to finance thiS monopolistiC "enterprise"" 
Who cares? Profits are up , wages are up . book procurement IS 
up , complaints are down . The regulatory committee met three 
months ago l 

Why is It that paperback books are marked up 40 percent In a 
non-competitive, inelastic demand market? r wouldn 't advi e 
asklOg Dr Donald Wesling In the Literature Department Dr 
Westing was severely reprimanded for stating ...... You are 
Inefficient In the most es ential part of your function what 
we want is our books on time I'll give you warning that If ml' 
Winter Quarter books. all of them for English 126. English 246. 
and Comparative Literature 263 . are not 10 hand lor the 
beginning of Winter Quarter. I shall start an IOquln' IOtO )'our 
whote ordering procedures which Will expose mailers \'ou 
would not like to ee come to light .. 

Why is it that customers 'hould be forced to support 
excessive (a nd lOefficlent)lOventone . a huge labor base. 
excessive hours. and 40 percent markups" Wh)' does the 
academic community permit dlscnmlnaion AGAI:\ST part-
time academiC employees because the managers are too laz.\· 
to develop innovative fiscal responSibility systems' Wh\ ducs 
everyone endure Inefficient ordenng procedures. poor 
purchaslDg procedures, and disastrous con umer 
accountability' Why? 

The answers are-simple. InformatIOn I claSSIfied It takes 

$1,rom 45~e~. ~r~~' ~~~~?i_~~~ta~~i. ~; Where-Am-I-Going-To-Live?-blues . That place 
you've got now is failing 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like . like fully built-In kitchens , 
terrific bedrooms, carpetIng, drapes , and a 
private patio outside your door. And , perhaps 
best of all , all of thiS IS less than live minutes 
from campus 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you 're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE, 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go In on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. like two huge swimming pools 

Or, maybe you 'd like to lie around in the JacuZZI 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be ~ friendly 

game of pool In the billiards room .. . for pink slips 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

lwocan 
liVe 
as Cheaply 
as 
one. 

So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one and after all, 
aren't two heads belter than one? 

'or rnortln'ormlUon, CIII UCSD r.pr ... nll,I •• Floyd Brenn.n .1 (714) 453-0141 . 

weeks to obtain accurate data . I shll haven 't discovered how 
the Man & EDgels "hst pnce" fluctuates from $1 95 to $295 
(during peak sales), then back to $2.45 for Dr Nauen 's 
Humanities lecture. 

InformatIOn is skimpy. but concern IS Zip . Oh sure, you 'lI find 
JIm Sills et, al. yelllOg np-{)(f at everyone for everything but 
the basic constructive reform efforts don t eXIst In substantial 
amounts Beleaguered consumers Will probabl~ be forced to 
await an attack on Kmg Saltman's office before bookstore 
reformatory pressures surpa s the acttvation pomt 

DEADLINE FOR FINANCIAL AIDS 
FOR 1972-73 IS MARCH lS, 1972 

Please contact'the Financial Aids Office, 250 
Mathews Campus for any questions. 

!!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III III 111111111111111111111111 IIll1tllttlltttlilltlllllllllllllltlttlllllllllllllll1: 

~ • Cal Jet Charter's • ~ I "SPRING BREAK FLIGHTS"; 
~ Don'l be mIsled by lower prices, Investlgole lirst l Fly ~ ~ with our reliable charter group . Know your locts on ~ ~ your charter comer belore you sign your OppllCOItOn ~ I ~;; rok;~T';::~~;;hE~" ;;~;;; ;:I~:~:"':":972 I 

Flight . Oe"lnaflon Date Airline 

t (LEAVING MARCH 19th) • 
Sf In ,.,. ~ J~" .. VI AI"" S 511 
N J~1i:. f' j!: P" Mr.. 27 

C 1917 5F '0 C" (ago l~ Mor Iq 4 .... , S 21 
C hicogo I, S.f P~I M-3~ 27 

.. NlA19-27 LA to NY JHc ~" :',0\0' '9 A .... e. 5 ~~ 
• NY JH' to LA ;~t Mar 27 

lAtoCI'\(ogo lv!Y:J,1Cjl o\~er SI12 
Cht-l:oQ" ,A. ;el Yo, Z 

= E 

.N 16 

.CllO 

II 1012 Round tr,p 

t LEAVING MARCH 26th . 
, to NY' JFK 
N Y' JFK 105F 
SF fa C~,ca90 
Ch'(,09" 10 SF 

SF 10 V. 0\1' DC 
We)!" OC 10 SF 
LA 10 ""',. )FI( 

LA 10 (1'IlCogo 
0'\(090 lolA 
LA 10 ""o~n DC 

Lv Mor 10 
Re~ Ap 2 
t" Mal 10 
!leI Ap 2 
l ... Motlb 

Lv MOl20 
Rei A~:1 
.... Mo·l0 

tHAWAII • 
::,F or LA 10 Hono 
Haro 10 SF or LA 

A , 

.:.., .. , 

POI'I/l.,.-. 
707 

; \, 

$4> 

.ONE WAY WEST COAST TO EUROPE. 

.7 
79'1 
9" 

,d, 

~4 0,. I:)lo 1'\ 
'10 LA,~ Am • 
LA 0(;10.1' l .j 

t .. ¥.( 1.6 s ., 

:: .tv 

Y, 

8··' A.1 

tONE WAY EUROPE TO WEST COAST. 

• 17 
• 18 

l d: I, A. Ook 
\ ... d I .... o(] ~ 

1.0~Qn I~ LA Oo~ 
l ~( • ~ )011: ., 

s, A L 
8. I A.. 
S, I A l 
B ,A 

.87' 81 ofO"'\' ~"" llA S .t 
• SPRING QUARTER EUROPE ROUND TRIPS. 

. q \1 4 

9 • / 

, ~ , 

~ - ' ~ I l d 
l.. 0= • LA Ceo. 

s·' A. 
7 , .. 

8, tAL 
7e7 

.' A i( I ",," 7 .. -

"v 'Y';:Jy 4 8" A '$4 ~ C ~_ 
;; II 107 

, 'R ~ ..... , y . .\ '$~"; 
~ I r '4 

_ . SPECIALJAPAN FLIGHT 1972 • 
:'~~ ' l k , 399 

L ~ • , , ,;., 

• SPECIAL MADRID, SPAIN FLIGHT. 
...,. .. 5f LA ' yo h )00 "'" 

= ~od' ~ 10 LA )f Q, A .. ~ 
~--ACOMPLETel972 EUROPE&INiER-USA--~ 
~ SUMMER SCHEDULE AVAILABLE NOW! ~ 

= 

__ 1_---=-= - ~7:~'~:I·::I~·::~X¥~:::~~~ ::E:,~:'~~~:~~, ~: ~o~ ~ -1_--=--_--= ~Jll..I(l1 fI",. ,be, o t parl , 'pont Q' eo(~ d,.,.:1, I ~ '1 theie (hartel FI.ghh 
ore avo,lobl~ only to itudents emploY~i ItoU fotulty and e .. tenilon 
.tuden" of the Unlveulty at Col,'o'nla o.,d membet1 of Ihelr ImmedIate 
famthn I ~:~:: :~~~:?~·:il~~~;i.:::':::: ::: ~::,:" ~ 
~"lllIltttllltlllttlllllltlllllllllltilltilltlltltltllllllllllltlllltttllttllllllllttllttlttttttttllttllllllIIffi 

T ritun Times March 3, 197~ Puge 7 

,,, . 



- .' 

-. 

~--announcements 
friday 
JS~ Sabbath Dinner, 6 p.m. 
Ml i r Apts . Lounge. Bring a 
sa lad or a dessert. For info 
call Ingrid, 453-0973. 

Tired of being ripped off? 
We can improve our 
bookstore. A conference is 
being held with Muir Asst . 
Provost Pat Ledden and 
Muir Dean J im Bekcley at 2 
p.m. at the Muir Provost ' s 
Conference Room. We need 
hardworkin'g bodies badly 
to enact a redirection of the 
bookstore to better serve 
the student community. Be 
there! 

There w ill be a meeting of 
the UCSD Skydivers at 8 
p.m. in HL 1108. 

CONSCIENTIOUS OB-
JECTOR MEETINGS 3:00 
p.m. in 1102 Tioga Hall. 

ENTERTAINMENT - The 
Broken String Band will 
play Blue-grass music from 
9 p.m. to 11: 30 p.m. at the 
Coffee Hut. The band 
features banjo, mandolin, 
guitar & vocals. A free 
event! 

saturday 
E NTE RTA I NMENT 
Mark Friedman and 
Friends will play at the 
Coffee Hut from 9 p.m. to 
midnight. They do a mixed 
bag of music using guitar, 
fiddle, piano etc. Another 
free event!. 

Aristophane's " Lysistrata " 
a.nd Shakespeare's " The 
Comedy of Errors," 
directed by E.ic Christmas. 
UCSD Theatre ( behind the 
bookstore ), 8 p.m. 

Soaring Club Flight School , 
ground safety and basics of 
flying. Starts at 8:30 sharp 
in 2A 2113. 

THE UCSD International 
Club and the San Diego 
Indian Association is 
sponsoring an Indian 
movie, "Khat i Pathang" at 
1 p.m. at the Undergraduate 
Science Bu ilding. 
Admission: Students and 
Indian Association 
members, 51 ; public, 51.50. 

sunday 
Women ' s Liberation Front 
will hold a meeting today at 
11 a.m. out on the grass by 
MC201. All UCSD women 
are invited to attend . 
Importj)nl matters will be 
discussed . 

Deadline for applications 
for financial aid for 1972-73 
is March 15, 1972. Funds are 
limited and advance 
planning is essential so that 
award commitments can be 
made as early as possible. 
Late applications will be 
considered, providing funds 
are available, for winter 
and spring quarters only. If 
you have any questions 

Miss Manisha Roy will ab"out your application fm 
speak on " Contemporary financial aid, please contact 
Family Life in India." Miss a counselor at the Financial 
Roy has lived in th i s - Aids Office, 250 Matthews. 
country four years and has Campus. 
advanced degrees in both 
anthropology and 
geography . 10 : 15 a.m ., 
Unitarian Fel lowship of San 
Dieguito, in Solana Beach . 

monday 
You might be eligible for 
f inancial aid for 1972-1973, 
Come and find out about 
any new procedures or 
eligibility tonight from 9 to 
11 in the 5 and Dime Goffee 
house, lower Mu i r 
commons , Murill Hecsh 
from the Financial Aids 
office will be here to rap, 
either on a group or 
individual basi s. 

The Anomaly Factory 
presents " M .N.X." Friday 
and Saturday at 8:30 p.m. in 
Bldg . 257 Matthews 
Campus . Last two 
performances this 
weekend . Tickets available 
at Urey Hall box off ice or at 
the door . For reservations 
call 1195. 

T ickets for ,the Spring ski 
trip to Squaw Valley, March 
19 thru March 24, by the 
UCSD Sk i Club will go on 
sale Monday, Feb. 28 thru 
Friday, March 10 at Urey 
H311 in the act ivities office, 
Cost is 577 for members, 
This package deal includes : 

five days and nights' 
lodgingi five 'all-day lift 
passesi two meals daily 
(breakfast and dinner) ; 
wil\e party; wine slalom; 
beer on slopes; live band 
dance and serious 
competition races. Also 
available will be complete 
ski rentals for 515 . We will 
be staying at the Olympic 
Village dorms. Transport 
action will be via carpools. 
Please inform us if you have 
a vehicle available. The trip 
to Squaw is approximately 
1200 miles., round trip'. 

Marijuana Initiative : If 
you ' re interested in seeing 
marijuana legalized and 
are a registered voter, call 
Barbara at 453-0889 to sign a 
petit ion to get this issue on 
November 's ballot . 

Anyone i nterested i n 
planning the three-day 
seminar on non-violence to 
be held here in Apr il, please 
call Kathy Welsh at 453-
8613. 

advertisements for ourselves 

(£1£) '9ll'0-£Sl' 'auuezns lie) 
'1J!6 JaJaJd 'pua s,Japenb 
JO MOU 'a~ewasn04 L paau 
- ,(JP/ 4SeM pJe'( 'ow /SlS 
sndUJe) WOJJ >l1"M 'U!W 
S aUJoH a~e"!Jd ~a!no 6!8 

'SL£6-£Sl' Ill?:> 
aseald UJoOJ4~eq alla"a~ U! 
s6u!J a!zznd Ja"I!S OM~ Hal 

(~) ' LOl'lX 
lie) 'a"e4 ,(ew no,( walqoJd 
6U!~!JM ,(ue 4~!M dla4 
JO HeJp 46noJ Jno,( )j)a4) 
o~ alqel!e"e aJe sJapea~ 

)INI1) ~Nlll~M 

(£/t) l£OL-SSL 'OOL LS 'seJ~xa 
" puo:> 'xa S / 09~ apA:> 
'MW8 OW 31V'S ~O:l 

(£1£) ea4~ele~ 
90L ' UJ~ 'anle" le~uaw!~uas 
se4 ~! - suo!~sanb ON - 6l 
'qa:l e!Ja~aJe) JO ap!s 4~JOU 
WOJ~ ua)je~ JapuaJ JeaJ 
HO ~n) 4HM ,(HSJe" UU!M4)S 
Pl06 JOJ - a~"M3~ 

'l'6LL ' ~xa lie) sassel6uns 
uod!p Sl - l pun0:l 

'sJaded 
Ja4 ~n04~ ! M ssal4jJoM 
S! 60a 'LL9L·eSt ~e uaJnel 
pe~uo) ' ezeld alla"a~ 
01 uJnpu aseald '06e 
s)jaaM l ~noqe ~sOl . Auup~s 
pue '1Ie~ 'a6a!q 'pa)jsew 
)j)elq ' punoH ue6rv : lS01 

(£, £) 608£-SSL lIeJ-
PJeMa~ ' anle" le~uaw!juas 
' sauo~s uaaJ6 £ 41!M 
6u !J Ja" IIS L ~ )jaaM ~sel ISOl 

Continued From Page 6 

(£1£) 0£ :l'-00 :6 
a6essaw a"eal 'L 9S£-6Sl' 
'q08 ia(jeJe~ JnOA aw ~ua~ 

(£Ie) "~06au~ua~ ' 1118 JOJ 
'ou a"eal '£9S8£Sl' lie) ')n 

'~s!P ' 6u)jIM "'(~dJd ' ~"Jd 
uo a)eds '6u)jJd : pa~ueM 

(£ I£) 
'SL£ ' ~xa OOLHSl' - uewPlo~ 
' JW '6u!dd04S JOJ Je) 
UMO a"e4 ~snw ' ,(ed lIews 
pue PJeoq 'woo~ ' Jew 
lao U! ueWOM ,(IJapla 4~!M 
U! a"!1 o~ IJ!~ :a31NV'M 

(OLl£) ' sa~!u S690-S£l 'sJn04 
poo~ ' J4 /SlS o~ dn ':>au 'dxa 
ON '(::I) siapow 0~04d apnN 

{6l/l} £L9l-eSt 
'a)j!q paads OL ~46!1 pa~ueM 

SlSS-6Sl' ualaH 'pnpoJd 
pua a4~ S! uo!peJs!~es 

'sa~e~ ~sapow 'alnpa4:>s uo 
a)!"Jas 3/\linJ3X3 W81 

~Nld Al. 3/\ll)NllSI0 

IP'UOSJ~d 

(l'L / l') 
' l JaHe SllS-SSL . ,(~ln)eJ JO 

He~s 's~uapn~s JOJ ~uno:>S!a 
a:>!"Jas xel awo:>u I 
(~) 

'LO?L 
-lSl lie) - suo!~epass!p 

o~ sJaded WJa~-W81 uo 
~NldAl 31V'~nJJV' ~O::l 

996NSllle) 'a"3 'J4 /SLS 
'JaN dX3 ON 'wa:l 0~04d 
JOJ slapow apnN :pa~u eM 

LBl6-6S~ (~V3~ 3Hl N I) 
V'llOr V'l l3H)S~3H 
BtU iNnOJSla 
iN 30nlS 10~lNO) 

NOllnllOd 
ONV S~IVd3~ 

' S~V') N~13~O::l 
ONV' /o.JV')I~:3W'V 

' 3)1/\~3S 3/\li0WOinV 
S3WV'r A~l ('03~ll 

~O )DIS 01nV ~nOA SI 

S~J I \J;,)S 

(£ 1£) ·O·S 'a"V' 4~9 l'll'£ 
88 a'lJM '6ua ~Iqa~ - IlaM 
sun~ 'ales JOJ 6ns M/\ 09, 

Will be 01 a better quality? ChOOSing either 
alternative, a woman stands to lose, She is 
Without any real power to direct her Itfe, Once 
again . no man is ever going to be faced With 
this deCision. and for men - from their 
poSitIOn of complacency and power - to 
debate whether or not a woman has a right to 
abortion IS not only absurd but murderous and 
temfying to the ' women who seek. as any 
human being would . to determine the course 
and quality of their lives, 

(£1£) 9S6S-6Sl' 
'Ial 'L£Ol6 ' e) 'ellor e190LL 
X08'0'd 'a - Sl)nOO~d 
- aOO~NW'VO ' LS dl~lS 

dl~i 4~!M ~seJ wa,~a6 
('S301~ ~NI8WnHl 

(UI£I£) 
£LSS-l6£ (SLt) au04d 

£OLl'6 ' J!le) 'OJSpUeJ:l 
ues '~aaJjS ~a)jJew S66 
".LNI S.LH~I1::t ~3.L~"H:> 

3.LI~M 
~O ",,:> suo!,e"Jasa~ 
'salnpalPS 'uo!'ewJoJu I 
J0::t ' sl!e~ap JOJ )jse 
- sdnoJ6 a6Jel JO lIews JOJ 
~uawa6ueJJe S~46!1J lepads 

: sJapeal dnoJ6 UO!~UaH V' 

( ~ ) oua!JO pue laeJs I 
' jSe3 aIPP!W OSIV'.) 090S 
-££S (l'Ll ) l'99l6 ' e) 'au!"JI 
'A'VM Hl'V3~MSN33nO 
£L9U "d ' 3 'S'3 3WIIAN'V 
)1)'V8 3WO) '3WIIAN'V 
O~ S£LS WO~:l AVM 
3NO OllS WO~:l dl~l 
aNnO~ SlH~Il:l ONnO~ 

~'V3AS~nOASI3dO~n3 

ADRIAN'S 
OPnCAL CO. 
Lnr,,, 5.1.rlion. 
of W.,al F ramfl 

Tennis Club sponsors round 
robin tennis tovrnament 
Saturday 9 - 12 Muir Courts 
and Sunday 1-4 p .m. 
Matthews courts, Everyone 
welcome, 

FOR ALL FILIP INO 
STUDENTS AT UCSD -
there will be a nationwide 
Filipino conference at San 
Diego State Coltege March 
3, 4, and 5. If interested in 
attending contact Mar line 
Tuyay at 272-0825 or leave a 
message in the As ian· 
American Student Alliance 
office, Bldg . 250, east w ing, 
room 334. 

" Law and Society " is being 
offered again next quarter 
but with a new angle. The 
class will be taught by 
members of the San Di ego 
Police Department. The 
lecturer will be a pO lice 
inspector and three poli ce 
captail'ls will serve as TA's. 
For more information on 
Interdisciplinary 25, see 
Lee Nichols in " the 
Humanities, office, HL 1512. 

(Wl' ) '0£lO6 ' eJ 'Am 
Ja"ln) 'V . ~daa 'puelJai'.O 
Sl'll' SBS£-£Sl' JO 9019 
-L SZ 'NVW~ I'VH) IH~ll::l 
11V) ~ dl~l-aNnO~ 
6HS WO~::I : NVd Vr 

~ d l ~1-0NnO~ 6llS WO~::l 
: 3dO~n3 SlH~ll ::l 
13r 1V'nNNV H16 

we) 
'( sa"a) 9l'll'-SSL eU!l lie) 
'oJU! aJOW JO:l ' sassedl !e~ 
' ID!JJV' 'laeJSI 'SUa4W 
'O! ~ o~ sa~! 1::1 'OS L S AeM-auo 
'SllS WOJJ adoJn3 oSle OltS 
oA)jOl 6lLS 06e:>!4) 'SSLS 
AN o~ sa~!I::I )jeaJ8 6u!JdS 

alqel!e,,'V 
PJe) '0 ' 1 leuoHeUJa~UI 

'VIS'll 
- 'VJI~:lV - 13'V~ SI 

S~46!1:l u eadoJn3-Ja~O I 
uoaJe::lJ!'VMo1 

"eM 
auo 6lLS UJOJJ NOONOl 

d!J~punoJ 69lS - NOON01 
S3~V::I 3'l'dWV'S 

UJOJ::I 
aso04) o~ Sj46!1:l Auew 

318V11'V"V 
MON S31n03HJS 

11'11 :l-~ 3WWnS-~N I ~ dS 
SlH~Il::l ~ 31~V'H) 

lL6L 3dO~n~ 

I~A P.J 1 

DOCTORS PRESCRIPTIONS 
EXPUTL Y FILLED 

Repairs 

59·4047 

contrai lS not avallabl to many. many of the 
\ Iorld 's women. and each vear' thirty ' million 
c bortlons are performed 'around the world , 
(hlldblrth. under the best circumstances. IS 
f lur times as dangerou!> d" u compPIPnllv 
r rformed abortIOn But an Illegal abortIOn is 
I suallv performed under poor conditions. and 
1 he outcome can be death for the woman For 
these reason . when abortion are either 
It'trlcted or entirely Illegal. each time a 

' .om~1I IS faced With an unwanted pregnancy. 
l or whatever reasons, and she wants to 
terminate It. he IS faced With a pair of equally 
undeSirable alternatives do I want to utterlv 
change th cour I' of my life by having thi's 
child. or do I want to fisk death so that my life 

It IS because women 's situation In almost 
every aspect of society is far worse than 
men's that a debate between men and women 
on abortion is absurd, Clearlv women are 
economically and sexually exploited in thiS 
society, These already difficult circumstances 
are worsened when' a woman becomes a 

mother, and clearly it is only the woman who 
must bear whatever physical or social 
hardships pregnancy brings. as well as the 
major responsibility for the raising of children 
- whether or not she chose to become 
pregnant in the first place, Thus. pregnancy 
involves all aspects of a woman 's life, not 
":terely for nine months but for the ensuing 
eighteen years, The " abortion debate" is 
therefore unjust from the beginning, for it 
occurs between those who will not suffer at all 
or even bear the consequences of their " moral 
stand " and thos for whom the right to 
abortion is literally a question of self-
preservation. of life-and-death significance to 
them , 

Stering Contld J4.HOUI INII'INCY 
1__ saYleI . 

Page 8 Triton Times March 3, 1972 

First secure our safety and then we will 
discuss the issue, 

I.aDQ ., VIA ill NOITI 


