
Volume 75, Numbe r 20 University of California , San Diego Friday, March 10, 1972 

OFFICIAL BALLOT 
RE OLYED : To pro\ide each stude nt with a free choi ce. memh n; hi p in the .\s!-ocia ted 

tudent~ of rc 0 (and the membership fee of 6. coll et' ted th e refore) , hall hecome \oluntan . 
Compul, tor~ and enforced member .. hip , ha ll end . The decl,ion r at·hed .. hall he bindin/! for d 
p riod of one full acad e mi c ~ ear. 

VE NO TOTAL 
1903 1387 

72.7% 

LEG.\L.\S.· I 'T\ \ EQlE T IO\ ' 

5 16 
27.3% 

(I) Do ~ou fa\or the u se of 1.00 out of eal'h , tud en t\ e,i,tin/! \ .... fec to pro,ide an, \ .:-' . 
memh r arrc,ted (throu~h September 1. 19i2) "ith le/!u l ,enil'e, in!'llldin(!:,hut not limit.·(1 
to : 
- Id entifi ca tion Ca rd "ith In-tru (·tion .. anti Emer/!en( ' ~ Tel('pholl(' \umhcr 
- 2111 r. T elcphone Re;, pomc .'en i('e 
- On-fil e Bail Relea .. e Informatio n 
- \ "i,tant'e for "0" n Rcco/!nila nre" (C). H.) Re lca,c from Jail 
- One Free Office \ isit" ith Pra(,ti ri nl( .'an Oi el(o Cri min a l La" ~ cr. 

VE 
112 1 
60.5% 

1\0 
731 
39.5% 

TOTAL 
1852 
39.7% 

(2) Do ~ou fa,or Regi~ lrati on Fee funding for th e abo'e pro!(ram after ~eptember I , 19i2 
(\ ote: ReJ!i .. trat ion Fee monie, for thi .. academie ~ear ha\ b en alloca led . ) 

YE 
1004-
53 .10/, 

~O 
858 
46.99, 

TOTAL 
1862 
409c: 

(3) 00 ~ou fa'or the e, ta bli hment for a Bail Fund on the ('ampu' to rt'iea .. e ,tuclent .. held 
"ithout "O. R: relea.,c· ("i lh Ih e mone~ for th c fund to tome from ('ontribulion, and 
bcnefi t ... ). 

YE -
1149 
61.5% 

NO 
714 
58.59c 

TOTAL 
1863 
409c: 

Torrey Pines Extension Bulldozed 
John MacGregor 

The Torrey Pines Wildlife ASSOCiation IS 
putting pressure on state officials to complete 
the purcha e of an eight-acre parcel of land . 
deSignated for the Torrey Pines exten ion . 
The ac tIOn was catalyzed when W.H. 
Harrington . a La Jolla developer . began to 
bulldoze a " firebreak " around the perimeter 
of a piece of land he purcha ed following the 
foreclosure of Mrs. Esther Khemey 's holding 
In the area 

In 1967 . following pressure from 
conservation groups. the State Legi lature 
appropriated $900.000 for the purchase of the 
extension . The Torrey Pines Association 
spearheaded a fu nd-raisi ng drive which added 
$345 .000 to the state 's appropriation . The 

Federal Government matched the IUllds 
ra l 'ed bv thr SOClatlOn . making a total of 

1.775.000 for the land purchase 
veral ~'ear ago the propo. ed xtenslOn 

was to Includ over 200 acres of land . 
however . due to In rea ing propert\, ('ost · 
ov r the year the Ize of the extensIOn ha 
b en r duced to about 165 acres To date a 
little Ie s than 100 acre have b en pur ha. d 
at a ('ost 01 $984 .000 

The parcel 01 land which arou d the 

attention of the Torre~' Pines group IS a 
section In the center of the propo ed 
extension. which I being developed b~' \V . H 
Harrington. According to Linda LaGrange. a 
member of the A ociatlOn. the bulldOZing has 
destroyed bru h. plant . and urface roots of 
some Torrey Pin s. which may result in the 
death of some trees . 

Kent Wil on . the Wildlife ASSOCiatIOn'. 
chairman and a profes or of chemistr:-' at 
UCSD. said that · the tate must bear a large 
part of the blame" for any damage done. 

George Leetch . a ranger a t the Torrey Pines 
Reserve. said that rangers had asked 
H arrington not to bulldoze the firebreak 
because of the damage it would do to brush. 

wildltfe . and the t rra ln liarn ngton 
disregarded th ranger warrllng and 
conlinued to bulldoze the land 

James Whit head dlstnct Park and 
r crea lion up nntend nl. 'peakln!! for th 
state. ·a ld . " We made even dfort to talk 
Harrington out of It but he wa. adamant 
We 're dOing every thin)! w can Within tht' 
law " 

Harrington has r('[used to ('omment unlil h 
ha . conf rred with hiS lawvers 

Voluntary Fees, lega l 
Aid Pass in Referendu m 

John Maxwell and 
John MacGregor 

The electIOn IS over and the 
results are in. but nobody 
knows what they mean 
Voluntary AS membership won 
a landslide victory In an 
election which drew more 
votes than any electIOn in three 
years . The spending of existing 
AS fees to enroll UCSD 
students In a legal services 
program was also approved 
The exact results are listed on 

Imple majority of 50 p rcent 
of the students approve. what 
was being sought was VOiced 
approval of 25 percent of the 
entire student body The 
election actually VOiced the 
approval of 30.4 percent 

The CoalitIOn for a Voluntarv 
AS ha been demanding that 
the same cntena be applied to 
thiS electIOn that were applied 
to the EOP referendum la t 
year In that referendum. In 
which the AS membership fee 
was Increased 100 percent. two-
third of those voting were 
reqUired to approve the 
resolutIOn If that criterion 
were applied today. a voluntary 
AS would be established 

The funding of a legal 
services program With A 
fund next quarter and the 
establishment of a ball fund 
were favored by over 60 per 
cent of tho e voting. but a 
ubstantially smaller 

percentage 53 per cent, 
favored continued funding 
through registratIOn fees 

Interpretati ons of the 
electIOn results are vaned. 
Chancellor McElroy. who Will 

referendum the outcom L nut 
binding on the A Howe\er, It 
IS clear that there IS Significant 
diS atlsfactlOn With the pre ent 
AS operation. and It I 
Incumbent on the AS to 
radically chang the tructure 
under which It functIOns 
Preclsel.,. what form thl 
reorgamza tlOn takes must 
reflect the sentiments of a 
many students as possible The 
ASSOCiated Students Will offer a 
more concrete proposal after 
the next counCil meeting " 

• make the final deCISion. told 
the TRITO;\ TIMES that since 
" It (the voter turn out I was so 
clo e to 50 per cent we Will 

Paul Kaufman, AS President 

a copy of the offiCial ballot 
below 

While the legal service 
result IS final. the ImplicatIOn 
of the voluntary membership 
victory IS unclear For It to be 
binding. thiS segment of the 
referendum required that 50 
per cen t of the student body 
vote ThiS figure was 
approached but not reached. as 
41 8 per cent participated Of 
these. 72 7 percent favored 
voluntary membership 

Since the election 
requirements were that a 

have to give serious 
con IderatlOn to the poSSibility 
of a voluntary AS ." Speaking 
from a purely legalistiC pOint of 
View, the chancellor 
commented that " the elecllon 
I not binding" since the 
reqUired 50 per cent did not 
vote . however. he added that 
" thl IS more than Just a legal 
Issue. 

In a prepared statement 
relea ed to the TRITO:"< 
TIME Wednesday afternoon. 
AS PreSident Paul Kaufman 
said. " Since 50 per cent of the 
students did not vote In the 

Mike beerin , Coalition for a 
Voluntary A 

Mike heerln. speaking for 
the CoalitIOn for a Voluntarv 
A . expre ed confidence that 
" the administratIOn Will act 
fairly In interpreting the 
electIOn re ult Thl I th 
biggest turnout In three 
year ." heenn told the 
TRITO;o.; TIMES " I would av 
we have a mandate from the 
people to e tabll h a voluntary 
A I am confident that the 
administration Will confirm the 
referendum . If they don 't, the 
students have been chea ted .. 

Related tory, page 2. 

UCSD Students Attacked 
Three members of the La 

Jolla treet Gang Intramural 
basketball team were attacked 
Wedne day night by about a 
dozen pectators after their 
final game of the season 
aga in t Ebony One of the 
games referees was also 
a aulted shortly after the 

treet Gang ' won the 
Intramural champIOnship 

On of the tr et Gang 
players Involved told the 
TRIT :"< TIME that he and 
two teammate had taken a 
shower and werl' leavln!! the 
gym through the lobby when 
'omeon from the crowd which 
had gath r d veiled " Hey. you 
fe llows played a nice game " 

they walked toward. the 
tep . . they were followed and 

overtaken One pla~'er wa hit 
In the mouth and later reqUired 
ten stltch . to clo e the wound 
Th other player. were hit but 
were unharmed 

rnvlng at the sc ne d fe w 
minute later. th l' 0 p lice 
were told b~ Third 011 ge 
Provost Dr Jo ph Wat on that 
he would take care of the 

Ituatlon Watson wa 
unavailable on Thursday for 
comment 

Vice Chancellor of ludent 
Affairs George Murphy wa 

pre. ented With a complaint 
Thursdav morn In!! and declined 
comment until he could 
compile a full report 

Voter Registration Week 
Chancellor ;\lcElro\ has declared the we k of \larch 5-9 to be 

VOTER REGI TRA'TIO;\ \\EEI\ at l C D Then: \10 111 be 
re!!l. trar ' at table. on Reyelle Plaza :\lU1r Common .. and 
;\latthew Quad from 11 a m to I p m on ;\londa\ throu!!h 
Fnda\ I)f RegistratIOn Week Onh 24 2 P r ctnt of the 1820 
year old. In an Olej.!o count\ are rej.!lstrred. and reJ,!lslrdlion 
clos s April 13. so j.!el out and DO IT 

Fina ncia l Aids Deadline 
DEADl ';\E FOR FI\o\ I\L \10. 

for 19i2-19i:l 

IS ;\1AR 1115, 1~ 72 

Please contact th FinanCial Aid 
Campu '. for any que lion 

orrlc . 250 M'llh ., J 

e 

h 

.. ' 



Summer Bulletins Here 
The 1972 UCSD Summer Session bulletins have arrived and 

may be picked up at the provosts ' offices, Public Affairs, the 
Registrar 's Office, the bookstore, or the Summer Session 
Office at 504 Matthews Campus. Summer school dates are June 
19-Aug. 15. Courses will be offered in anthropology, APIS, 
biology, history, literature, mathematics, music, philosophy, 
physical education, physics. psychology, sociology, and visual 
arts . Special interest programs Include the following : 
Intensive French and Spanish language ; Intensive organic 
chemistry ; Chinese studies ; chamber music institute ; 
frontiers of science ; urban and rural studies workshop ; 
literature workshop in the drama ; German language reading 
workshop ; and intensive Roman history. 

Health Center Saves You $ 
GoodNews! 
If you are receiving Medi-Cal benefIts, it is no longer 

necessary to have a prescription written by your Student 
Health Center doctor filled at an outside pharmacy. We have 
applied for the necessary permits and your prescription can 
now be filled at the Student Health Center pharmacy . 

We would also like to remind all other students With chronic 
medication needs. such as insulin and syringes for diabetes or 
Dilantin for epileptics, that these prescriptions may be filled at 
the Student Health Center pharmacy for less cost than any 
other pharmacy In the county. 

Muir Curriculum 
The Muir Curriculum Review and Development Board IS 

currently making an assessment of whether the new 
curriculum should apply to current seniors. To provide 
information for their deliberation. students who belIeve that 
they would graduate this June if the new curriculum applied to 
them should notify either Mrs. McCarty or P. J Ledden In the 
MUir Provost's Office. It is essential that thiS be done prIor to 
Thursday, March 16. 

"Society and Huma n Values" 
"Society and Human Values" IS the title for the SprIng 

Quarter Interd isciplinary Course 44 . organized by the Office of 
RelIgiOUS Affairs 

To consider various historIcal and contemporary approaches 
to human values the course will Include a serIes of lectures by 
visitors Includmg Chancellor McElroy. Dr Marcuse, Dr 
Saltman, and Dr J W Robb, profes or at SC 

For more information contact the office of RelIgiou Affairs . 
250 ~1C . 

law and Society 
ThiS cour e Will be team taught by four officers of the San 

Diego PolIce 0 partment. The class Will prOVide practical and 
philosophical mSlghts Into the funCllon of a mUnicipal police 
department and ItS relationship to the communlt\ The course 
Will empha Ize polIn organization, procedures. attitudes. 

rrlatlonshlp~ With other governmental units and the 
commUni ty . and the role of law enforcement m loday 's societ\' 

For more mform.Jllon contact Lee :\Ichol 1512 HL . 

Apology and Correction 
Til" TRIT()\ T1:'1ES r('~rl'h that II madr an error In 

Tuesud\ s ,,~u(' St,,\!, Brdult wa, paraphrasecl In thp article 
pntlllL,d ' Studt,nt ))lsc'ontl'ntl)lsdosed a, havln~ uggested 

a drJsll(, m(;"urf' II tht bookstorl' did not n"pund IU reform 
efforb . In truth Brault did nl)t Sll~~("t till' propos;ol but 
I11I'n'\\ nwntlOn,'d thl' Ide .. as being d dra,lil nW,l,un' 

Race Results 
Th,'\ rt 1111 all,1 running agJIn Im'nds ,lOd tlw; Wdr s PI-:T 

I'n'SiIIr-r I a Ei", 1IlJ<1 T v~~~ompn l ' III 01 \ 1If'1l pro\"(' to be 
eXriltni! ~ tilt' la,t LOur In 191iR 

At th(' ',reoJk In \ew Hampshlrl'. It was the 1,1\0nte Richard 
M :'olxor waY out In front of all other tontendt'rs wllh 69 per 
cent of ,he vote Edmund :'I-Iuskl(' running for th Jackass 
kennel. .. as a distant ~rcond wllh onl~ 47 per cent of the 
Jackassote Howev~r. thiS IS onh the beginning of the racc. and some of 
th other entries were not left entirely In the starting box On 
the fll1ht and left of \Ixon. underdogs Mr('\oskey and A hbrook 
both . howed su rp flSlng grace While M Gov rn of the Jackass 
kennel pulled up to wllhm a length of Muskle 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, March 10,1972 

Drive to Legalize MarHuana Launched, 
BiIiMalb 

This November the people in the State of California may 
have the opportunity to vote on the "decriminalization of 
marijuana ." A drive to get an initiative on the ballot has been 
launched. 

In order for the Marijuana Initiative. as it has come to be 
known, to get on the ballot , 330,000 signatures must be 
collected on petitions by May 1. Because the initiative is 
"official. " and will appear on the California ballot along with 
the Presidential election if the necessary signatures are 
collected. signers of the petitions must be registered voters. 

The wording of the initiative is as follows : 
SE TION 11530.2 

( I I 0 person in the State of California 18 years of age or 
older shall be punished criminally. or be denied any right or 
privilege. by reason of that use. 

12, ThiS provision shall in no way be construed to repeal 
existmg legislJtion. or limit the enactment of future 
legislation prohibiting persons under the influence of mari-
juana from engaging in conduct that endangers others. 

In explaining the wording of the initiative, Ben Beall. a local 
San Diego coordinator , discussed recent events that led to the 
present initiative. 

The idea for a initiative should be credited to John Kaplan. 
Beall explained. Kaplan is known for his book, Marijuana, The 

ew Prohibition, which compares the present laws, to those 
that were used to keep alcohol illegal during the prohibition. 
He also was assigned by Governor Reagan. prior to the book, to 
do a study of the present marijuana laws. The results of his 
study indicated that marijuana useshould be decriminalized. 
He was subsequently fired . 

'Social Drugs' 
The Initial form of the petition, as submitted to the Attorney 

General by Kaplan. was six pages and included sections 
detailing the number of plants that a person would be allowed 

Referendum: 

Results Withheld 24 Hours 
John Maxwell and 

John MacGregor 
Student body president Paul meaningless otherwise and 

Kaufman held results of can't be properly interpreted ." 
Tuesdays referendum election Later Kaufman and AS 
for 24 hours, releasing them elections commissioner Dave 
only after Triton Times city Morrison allowed one student 
editor David Buchbinder to observe the ballot counting, 
demanded them and a closed Rick Drom , a Revelle 
meeting was held with vice freshman. 
chancellor George Murphy. Buchbinder said the results 

Kaufman had also objected should have been released 
to the Triton Times reporters because " the government, in 
who were assigned to write the this case the AS government. 
story " Buchbinder won 't have has a responsibility to inform 
a story if Maxwell and its subjects, in this case the 
MacGregor are going to write students ." 
It," Kaufman said John Drom signed a statement 
Maxwell and John MacGregor which said he was allowed to be 
are Triton Times reporters an observor only if he would 
and members of Coalition for a release no information "until 
Voluntary AS. the resulls had first been 

" TraditIOnally on thiS released to the election 
ca mpus ," Murphy said . commissioner. I was allowed to 
" representatives from observe the proceedings solely 
oppoSing viewpoints have been for the purposp of insuring 
allowed to be present at vote Impartiality and (orrectness of 
counts" the ('ounting': Drom is also a 

Several stude nt s had reporter for the Triton Times. 
requested to observe the ballot Murphy, meanwhile, felt the 
count but Kaufman and AS results should have been 
sec retary Billie London released . " It would seem tome 
refused . that interpretatIOns should 

"Resul ts should not be come after the results are 
released unless followed released I don 't know if 
concurrently with a statement wlthholdinl( of results has ever 
from the A·S." Kaufman said been done before h re - I 
"ThiS IS becau e the results are urged Immediate release .. 
F~J"J"..Q'J".rJ"J"J"J"J"J"J"J"J"J".r..h"J"J".r.rJ"J"J"J"J"J"J"J".r.r.r...., 

~ Bring any used I 
~ PRPERBaCK ~ 

~ BOOKS ~ § § § (no workbooks] § ~ ~ ~ to the ~ ~ l1NIUERSITV ~ ~ BOOKSTORE ~ § § § § ~ Mar. 14,15 & 16 ~ 
I WI! 'II pay I 

L~~~ 

to grow. His version of the initiative would have resulted In 
changes in the laws regulating alcohol so that both marijuana 
and alcohol wou ld be classified as "social drugs ." 

At this point other people joined the campaign to 
decriminalize marijuana use . Many of the these people felt 

CODliDued OD Page 3 

Proiect Needs Help 
A group of UCSD students in cooperation with the San Diego 

Sierra Club, is attempting to provide San Diego chicanos from 
the Barrio with an Easter vacation mountaineering course. 
Ken Liberman and Dan Ramirez, both graduate students at 
UCSD in sociology, and David Tapia. will be leading a group of 
15 people between the ages of 15 and 19 into the Anza-Borrego 
Desert for a week. 

To fund the trip, they need $300 and are soliciting $150 from 
the UCSD Associated Students and would like to receive an 
additional $150 from the UCSD staff and faculty . The money 
will be used to provide backpacks, sleeping bags, food and 
other supplies for the group. 

The Sierra Club is working with the Barrio Station in Logan 
Heights. San Diego City College's MECHA, UCSD's MECHA 
and " people from the streets ," to put together PROJECT 
WILDERNESS, which will prOVide a continuous series of 
mountaineering courses for San Diego chicanos and other 
minOrIties. 

For those interested in contributing to this trip checks should 
be made payable to "Sierra Club Foundation" and should be 
sent to Ken Liberman. clo the Sociology Dept. , Muir Campus. 
Time is short and all contributions are tax deductible 

Mission Bay Campground? 
The second formal 

negotiation session between the 
city of San Diego and the San 
Diego Convention Coalition 
was held on Monday, March 6, 
1972. The current topic of 
discussion is the use of the land 
area east of Sea World , for use 
as a site for Expose ' '72 and as 
a camping site for the 
thousands of demonstrators 
coming to San Diego next 
summer 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 

7717 FAY 459·7355 

The San DIego Convention 
Coa lItion hopes that the 
development of this land will 
be of use to the people of San 
Diego following the convention. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. SIreel 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue, . Sot . 
9,45- 530 

Women Welcome 

Clo .. d Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

ElF 
~All~Lt: 

SUPPL'7 

Wa.x - w;ek O'IR 
Sw,t JH 

MoIJ, . CII.,. 

10'0 MorwftG. 
(~~, f?-oll'1 

FotowJ) 

$"~ 

I'm very proud '!'Ie ha~e a cultural program going for us black 
people . The radiO stations . of San Die go have been geared 
towards the Europe.an-Amencan cultural th ing which is far away 
from our cultural thmg. At thiS University , right now, our cultural 
affairs program communicates our form of musIc to the people . 

Carl Roberson 

Wayne Adams § 

I'm on In the Afro-American cultural affairs time on Tuesdays 
from 6-8 p.m. The Alro-Ame rican Cultural Department was 
formed With the idea in mind of reach ing black as well as other 
ethnic minorities on campus In the fall of 1969, I broke the color 
barrier at the radiO sta tion and played some music and broadcast 
some black news Since then I have always felt black people 
need some kind of communications medium on campus 

I think that the radio station is an excellent medium whether 
you are at Revelle , Muir, Third, or wherever the staliOn can be 
heard You always have something that you can tune IOta and 
find out what's happening or just listen to music or whatever 

I think that the CUltural department is very successful because 
the OJ h~s the opportunity to do his thing, and because the 
department is open to black people and other ethnic minOrities if 
they have something they want to do or something they want to 
contribute , such as poetry, news, current events. or whatever 
Because of this I think that the department is a success and Will 
continue to be a success In the future Wayne Adams 

Linda Calhoun 

-

Michael Johnson 

affairs 

Photos: Spore 

Michael Lyons 
I'm really proud to represent thiS department I feel that It has 

a lot of Important things to say to the society which I feel can be 
expressed through the medium I've been a student at UCSD for 
two years I've seen a lot of things come down Incorrectly and 
1m not gomg to lay back and watch my people and other 
mlnontles be overlooked When I came to the station I saw 
people With long halt short hair and no halt at all running through 
the stallon , white students running through the slatlon. 
preaching about the lt libera lism When I brought out the fact that 

t~ey were neglecting the minotilies on campus some of them 
reacted hostilely. some.of them reac~ed QUite favorably 

I think we need to get people Involved In community action 
UCSD IS far -removed from the minority community We need to 
get a hold of people . find out what s happening and relate that 
particular material to the minority students on campus We can t 
be polarized from the community If you look at the other UC 
campuses perhaps that might be a clear indication UCLA, 
although It'S 30 miles from the Black community they have 

Continued on Page 12 

We have a sisters program from 6-8 pm We try to Identify 
With the blacks at UCSD by presenting musIc that the y can relate 
to We have none of thiS whitewash bullshll thats gOing on at 
the other radiO stations In San Diego We hope that we an 
broaden our program to Include educational programs people 
coming to speak on different aspects of the community spea ers 
on world-Wide Issues Linda Calh oun 

My show IS ca lled the "Lady From Chi " It's on from 6-10 p m 
and usually In the form of "oldies but goodies' I enJoy dOing the 
show and I'm glad to be pan of the black cul tural program 

Mori juano, , , Continued from Page 3-A 
tha I Kaplan 's proposed mitJative was Impractical. The result 
II f the ensuing disagreements was Kaplan 's disa sociation 
Irom the initiative drIve and a simplIfied version of the original 
wording. 

A statement released by California Marijuana Initiative, the 
~roup who is coordinating the petition drive. clarifies the 
position of the sponsors of the mitiatlve and outlines a 
campa ign. This position paper stresses three major points· 

I I, The lack of any evidence that marijuana use poses a 
'CflOUS enough threat to an:rone to be criminally punished ; 

t2' The tremendous costs of crimmalI zing u e. and 
131 The value in personal freedom . 
In defending the notion that marijuana does not pose a 

serIOUS threat. the statement points out that there IS no 
medical evidence to prove that marijuana use is even as 
harm ful to ItS user as coffee. tobacco or alcohol is to the person 
who uses these drug . The statement further adds that there IS 
no ev idence ; just " misconceptions. concerning mariJuana's 
re lation to violence. mental illnes . sexual depravit:r . drug 

addiction. and motivational degeneracy " 

Costs 

Ruby Mary Price 

Concerning costs. the statement notes that la\\ enforcement 
of the present mari juana laws costs the tax payer" of 
California millIons of dollars even' I'ear. and that the 
prosecution of marijuana users add to the loss that the police 
and courts must deal with. ThiS makes It harder for them to 
handle the "crimes of violence. coerslon and deceit " The 
statement adds that " it is impossible to measure In dollars and 
cents the human suffering Imposed upon their familil's and 
frIends ." The position paper. as the tatement IS labeled by 
The alifornia MarIjuana Initiative . also states that present 
marIjuana laws have led to Inl'reased "alIenation and 
disrespect for the law." has resulted in "damage to credlbllltv 
of drug education programs." and ha s resulted In 
"discriminatory enforcement" against " racla!. ethniC and 
cultural mmontles . and against the poor In gen ral .. 

According to the poSition paper , " the question of personal 
freedom I central to the Marijuana Initiative." The paper 
criticize the present law by stating that In a country that 

Hlues personal freedom the (,rllllinal pnK'l" shlluld be us 'd 
"onh sparrmgly and only' when n('('('ssar\" to ('ontml ronduct 
which threatens th rIght~ of Its cltlz('ns or th rI!!ht, 01 tht' 
publiC In general 

Among the p ople who are now upporung the Inlllatl\ e arl' 
Ralph ;";ader and enator Gcorl(e ;\I('(;o\crn Others. rncludln!,! 
tale enator ~lervY' n Dymall\' and Or Bertram , Brown 

director of the ;";atlonallnstltutc of Mental Health. have called 
for the deCrI minalIzation of martJuana use 

On thiS campus. the petlllOn drIve IS berng roordlnilted b\ 
Barbara HorOWi tz, a m mber of or-Violl'nt \ ctlOn 1\\ '\ I 
Barbara Horowit z explained that peo~,le m ;';VA arc workmg 
on the Marijuana Imtlatlve and other projects related to SOCial 
action such a the Harbor ProJect. l 'hlCh earlIer thiS \"l'ar 
coord rna ted the Constellation Vote "1 Ire Informatwn 0'; thl' 
Circulation of petitions or other ~\ \ pi oJt'(' t~ can be obtarned 
by contacting Barbara at 241 Blake Hal or call1nj! her at 453-
0889 

Triton Times Friday, March 10,1972 Page 3 



"A. Message To 
The Grass Roots~~ 
by Malcolm X 

Edited with a preface by 
Mike and Sharon Haney 

We are preseatiag tbis message from Malcolm to tbe readers 
of tbe TRITON TIMES in tbe hopes of broadening tbe 
uaderstandiag of tbe Black man's burdea in America aad all 
over the world. It is aD off-tbe-cuff chat, Dot to be scrutiaized 
for grammatical perfectioa, aor to be takea as aa attempt to 
widen the gap betweea black aad white, but ratber to be read 
witb latellectual curiosity aDd empatby. It is~urtber hoped tbat 
you members of tbe majority CID see the pligbt of tbe minority 
IDd provoke yourselves sometime in your lives to pay Abe 
Lincola's debt of forty acres aDd two mules; we also hope that 
tbe members of tbe minority will cease to be a maaifestatioa 
of "I house divided ... CIDllot staad". So read aloag with us for 
this final install meat aDd get mad, laugb, or cry, but foremost 
... THINK lad FEEL. 

Part IV On Negro Leader 
Just as the slave master in that day used "Tom," the house 

Negro, to keep the field Negro in check, the same old slave 
master today has Negroes who are nothing but modern "Uncle 
Toms:" 20th century Uncle Toms to keep you and me in check, 
to keep us under control, to keep us passive and peaceful and 
non-violent. 

That's "Tom" making you non-violent. It's like when you go 
to the dentist and the man is going to lake your tooth, you 
gonna fight him when he starts pullin '? So they SQuirt some 
stuff in your jaw called novocain to make you think they're not 
doing anything to you. So you sit there , and 'cause they got all 
that novocain in your jaw, you suffer peacefully. Blood running 
a\1 down your jaw and you don 't know what 's happening 'cause 
someone has taught you how to suffer peacefully. 

The white man does the same thing to you in the street: when 
he wants to put knots on your head and take advantage of you 
and not be afraid of you fighting back - to keep you from 
fighting back he gets these old religious Uncle Toms to teach 
you and me (just like with novocain ) to suffer peacefully. Don 't 
Don 't stop suffering, just suffer peacefully . As Reverend 
Cleage po an ted out, let your blood flow in the streets. This is a 
shame : and you know he's a Christian preacher, and if it 's a 
shame to him, you know what it is to me! 

Aa Eye For Aa Eye 
There is nothing in our book, The Koran, that teaches us to 

suffer peacefu\1y. Our religIOn teaches us to be Intelligent. be 
peaceful. be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone: but if 
someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery 
That 's a good religion : in fact , that 's that old time religion 
an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth and a head for a head. 
and a lIfe for a life That's a good religion, and nobody resents 
thaI kind of relI!!ion being taught but a wolf who intends to 
make vou hiS meal 

ThiS is the wa\' II is wllh the white man in America He's a 
wolf vou're a' sheep! An~tlme a shepherd. a pastor leaches 
vou and me not to run from the white man , 'l ild at the same 
time teaches not to fight the white man . he 's a traitor to vou 
and me Don't lay down your life all by itself .. no. preserve 
your lIfe. it's Ule bestthmg you've got. And if you've got to give 
It up. :etlt be "even-steven " 

The slave master took "Tom." dressed him well and fed him 
well and even gave him a little educatIOn. He gave him a long 
coat and a lOp hat and made all the other slaves look up to him 
Then he used "Tom" to control them The same strategy that 
..... as used In those days IS used today by the same whitte man. 
He lakes a so-called. egro and makes him prominent. builds 
him up . publICizes him. makes him a celebnly. and lhen he 
becomes a "spokesman" for Negroes, and a Negro leader. 

.f.~ \\OM 0"1-
",. '1 t! 

§ 1'. 
o 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1972 

I would like to add one more thing quickly, and that is: the 
method that the white man uses to employ these "big guns" or 
" Negro leaders" against the black revolution. They are not a 
part of the black revolution, they are used against it. When 
Martin Luther King failed to desegregate Albany, Georgia, the 
civil rights struggle reached its low point. King became 
bankrupt (almost) as a leader; plus, even fina~cially the 
Southern Christian Leadership Conference was In trouble ; 
plus, it was in trouble with the people when they failed to 
desegregate Albany, Ga. 

Local Leaden Emerge 
Other Negro leaders of so-calJed national stature became 

fallen idols. As they began to lose their prestige and influence, 
local Negro leaders began to stir up the masses. [n Cambridge, 
Md., Gloria Richardson ; in Danville, Va. and in other parts of 
the country, local leaders began to stir up our people at the 
grassroots level. This was never done by these Negroes whom 
you recognize of national stature, They ~ontrolled you , but they 
never incited or excited you. They contained you ; they kept you 
on the "plantation." 

As soon as King failed in Birmingham, Negroes took to the 
streets. Kin'l got out and went to a big rally in California and 
raised I don 't know how many thousands of dollars. He came to 
Detroit , had a march and raised thousands more right after, 
recalJ . Wilkins attacked King, accusing he and CORE of 
starting trouble everywhere and obliging the NAACP to get 
them out of jail and spend a lot of money. Then he accused 
King and CORE of raising all the money and not paying it back . 

This happened! It 's documented evidence, even in the 
newspaper , Roy started attacking King , King started attacking 
Roy, and Farmer started attacking the both of tbem. And as 
these Negroes of national stature attacked each other, they 
began to lose their control of the Negro masses, And Negroes 
were out there in the streets talking about "we're going to 
march on Washington." 

By the way, right at that time Birmingham had exploded, 
and the Negroes in Birmingham - remember - they also 
exploded. They began to stab the crackers in the back, and bust 
'em up side the head '" yes they did . That 's when Kennedy sent 
in the troops down in Birmingham ; and right after that 
Kennedy got on the television and said, "This is a moral 
issue." And that's when he said he was going to put out a civil 
rights bill . 

Black RevolutioD 
When he mentioned he was going to put out a civil rights bill , 

and the soutern crackers talkin ' about they were going to 
boycott it or filibuster it, then the Negroes started talking 

CODtiaUed oa Pa,e 8 

letter To The Editor 
Bookstore Problem 

Editor : 
In his 3 March report on UCSO's Bookstore problem and his , 

Mr. Steven Griffin omits some salient facts : 
1. When he was a member of the Bookstore Advisory 

Committee, he attended a 19 November 1971 meeting 
at which. with his concurrence, the Manager of the 
Bookstore was requested to draft a detailed report on 
Bookstore operations - the report, after approval by 
the Committee, to be made available to all i'lterested 
and concerned members of the UCSO community. 

2. Meantime, Mr . Griffin was given complete access to 
my Bookstore Advisory Committee files, and I asked 
the Manager of the Bookstore to open its files to him . 
No information is or has heen "classified ." 

3, When he was invited to a 1 March 1972 meeting to 
consider the draft report. we were informed that he 
had reSigned from the Committee and that Steve 
Brault had been appointed in his place. 

4 At the I March meeting the draft report (an extensive 
document - thus the delay in getting it completed ) 
was considered by the Committee, modifications and 
additions were called for . and the Committee voted 
unanimously to have it. with modifications and 
additIOns, put Into final form . It will be made available 
as soon as it can beTetyped and duplicated. 

Accordingly. very soon anyone interested or concerned will 
be able to judge Mr. Griffjn 's report in relation to a full selling 
forlh of the fact s of the case. The Committee , of course. 
sohclts analyses. comments, and suggestions. 

As for the claim that Professor Donald Wesling was 
"severely reprimanded " for writing an angry letter on 
Bookstore polICies and services, that simply is nOl true. 

Roy Harvey Pearce. Chairman 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

SEbb 
VOUR 

Used Text 
BOOKS 

at the 
UNIUERSITV 

BOOKSTORE 
Mar. 14, 15 & 16 

Science and the 
Renaissance Man 

at Revelle 
Part II 

b~' )Iirharl ~I,1P 
It IS not enough for a great teacher to be a vehicle of 

tradition, a transmitter of knowledge, a storehouse of inSights , 
or even a veritable fountain of wisdom. At best, master 
scholars are all of that. But more important, the great teacher 
is also a stimulus and a contagion - a lamp lighting other 
lamps, a galvanizer sparking new explosions of thought and 
wonder, a springboard from which disciples launch forth, each 
to his or her own firmament and destiny . 

I wish a straightforward journalist had covered Dr. Urey 's 
Jan. 20 evening talk at the Revelle Info~al Lounge. He 
wrestled that night with a wide spectrum of Issues and gave 
voice to keen reflections that posterity (and those who put 
homework ahove listening to great men ) would have much 
cause to treasure. But to fall under the spell of a man like that 
is sometimes to use , or misuse, the springboard as an 
irresistible point of departure for independent thoughts. 

I will not attempt to recapitulate here the full scope and 
grandeur, the rich humanity , or the sheer brilliance of hi.s talk . 
Even within the narrow topic of science educahon - which we 
touched on only for a few brief minutes - I cannot pretend to 
do full and accurate justice to his observations. I offer - not 
the blazing brilliance - but a shadow. For now, it will have to 
do. 

Dr. Urey was awarded the Nobel Prize for his discovery of 
heavy hydrogen (deuterium ) some forty years ago. Since that 
time he has remained at the outer frontiers of science -
moving successively from separation of isotopes, on to the 
Miller·Urey experiments (which reconstructed the probable 
chemical origins of life) , and later branching out i~to 
cosmochemistry, where he has propounded landmark theories 
about the origins of the earth and moon. (This is mostly 
background, for he's not at all a braggart. ) 

Moreover , Dr. Urey has a gift for expounding biochemistry 
and astrophysics so that those arcane subjects at [east seem 
comprehensible, exciting and vividlr real even to, the 
uninitiated. And he showed us somethmg that most science 
lectures never manage to convey, The Apollo expeditions had 
shattered a few long-held lunar theories - including one of Dr. 
Urey's - and he humbly proceeded to recount for us the 
perplexities endured by moon scientists in the face of 
uncontrovertible " surprise" data from space, 

HumID Sc:ieDUI'1 
The fr<:nk puzzlement, the broaching of tentative new 

hypotheses, the give-and-take of scientists at the frontier 
trying to make sense out of things - both the real ordeal and 
the real challenge which our science texts so casually efface -
all of that took on the flavor of real life and no longer seemed 
remote or strange. Behold , scientists are human beings : they 
don 't always have pat answers: but they're engaged in a 
ceaseless (and sometimes frustrating ) quest to ferret out 
nature's secrets at their source. 

Dr. Urey is himself a consummate Renaissance man -
discoursing by turns on the arts, the future of religion, or the 
economic dilemmas of our age - all with the same firm grasp 
and deep concern that mark his commentaries on modern 

Continued 00 Page 10 

triton tiDles 
Editflr-in-Chit,r "lIlh St,h in 
Cil\ EdilClr Ua\ id lIuchhindt'r 
" a'na!-tin!-t Editflr Cum\ Shari(''' 

(.Clp~ Eclitur Chul'k (;ntham 
Btl-inc' .. 'I ana!-tc'r Tl'ff\ lIarak 
EditflriulUirl'C'tClr 'lark'S icf:c l 
\rl. Edilur Carril' Hirkl" 
SllOrl- EdilClr \likl, lIalh 

I'h"I";.:raph~ Edilur jOl' Ea.H'rn 
The TRITON TIMES 1\ oUIclolly ff(ogntzed end sup ported O~ 0 \luden' 
newspopt r by '''I (OlTlmunICOliOn\ Boord of the Un."er\I 'Y of (ollfo,nlo. 
Sor. OlIgO. BUlldlflg t~O Motthe .... \ Compu\, La Jolla Cal,fornlO 92037 
P\Jbh(ol,on 1\ fWlCt .... eek ly on Tue\doy\ ond F"doy\ 0111(11 or! lexQted 
In room 117 Blalre Ho lt, on the Re..-e lle Campus For .od ... erh\tng pi'lone" 
4537000 X 1017 , for~d,to, . olc;ft1fw \ pho"eX 1016 

ONCE A YEAR SALE 
We must decrease our inventory by 
March 1 S. Many items listed at 
slightly above cost. Some one of a 
kind, All priced to go! 
2 Sony TC8 recorder decks 
2 Panasonic SSw receivers 
1 JV( 140 watt receiver w ISEA 
3 Sony T(·120 recorders 
1 Miracord SOH turntable 
2 Miracord 630 turntable 
l Scott receivers w Ifree 

$109,50 
$159.95 
$269,95 
$99.95 

$149,95 
$99.95 

headphones $225 to $334_95 
1 TEA( A 1200U $269,95 
2 Pioneer SX· 1SOOTD receiver. $319.95 

PLUS MANY I MANY MORE 
La Jolla Music 

1128 Wall St, La Jolla 459-3375 

Volume 1 

Aubrey 
t\ f tel' man ~ p 0 s t P 0 n ( ~ -

ments [lncl much talk the 
j\ r t sOP P dr t n1(' n t 0 f t h l! 
TRIT()\ TIi\.lES is ('cstlltic 10 
presenl Ihe inau),!ll1'al issue 
of Aubrey, 

Whal and \\ h\ Aubrey? 
Aubrey is the mllg:lzinc 

I h a I \\ i II h e p u hI ish e d 
pp,riodicall~ by the! TRITO:\ 
TI\IES and it \\ill clcdl \\ilh 
StIch timcl~ topics dS 
Zoroaslrianism in Lesser 
i\.l\'so)'e , Philateh in the 
Pl1ilippinps, (lone! the 
Spelunking ,\d\'entll),ps of 
President :\ixon in the 
Sani ta tion Cisterns of Chi na , 

r~ot to menlion sllch 
ne\\'s\\'()l'th~ reports as 
Keeping Se\'c r,ll Iron. in Ih(' 
Fire [It tht> San Dif'go 
l I\:JO\-TRII3l T\E . J Aubrey 
i S <l Iso n a OJ e d l1 fIe r ~l 
hyperliolls artist wi th <l non-
hyperliolls name, fIs this get-
tin g too e sot e ric '? A r p the 
readers gelting borecl '~ J 

\\'e hope YOli \\ ill enjo~ 
Aubrev, And \\'e also solici t 
the sullmission of drticle to 
Aubrey, 

10 March 1972 Number 1 

Triton Times friday, March 10, 1971 Pa~e 5 



SPEC/AL OF 
THE WEEK: 

OF LA .JOLLA 

Norwegian Jarlsber9 
$1.49/1b. 
Regularly S 1.69 ;lb. 

7523·A Fay Ave ., La Jolla 
(on Drury Lane PlaIa) 454.5384 

_"IIIIIIIIIIII-"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHI"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIO 

A NEW CABARET OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT . •• 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAilY FROM 11:00 om 
UNTIL 2:00 om. 

4970 VOl T AIRE OCEAN BEACH 
( 714 ) 223-9773 

~\~ March 9 !'-.: through March 26_ 
Spec ial student rate: $ 1.50 anytime except Sat. 

C~!~h.C~~tt~h~~n~~L~~gt 
TONIGHT 

WOMEN IN LOVE 
with 

Glenda Jackson and Alan Bates 
7,9:30 & 12 USB 2722 

SATURDA \' 
Sorniles of a Summer 

Night 
plus 

SHADOWS OF 
FORGOTTEN ANCESTORS 

USB 2722 7 & 10:30 

AT THE COFFEE HUT 
TO;\fIGIIT: 

\ \ MONTEZUMA'S 
REVENGE" 

ug bond features bonjo, guitar and fiddle 
In lively ratime music. FREE 9 pm-12 pm . 

SA'll'RDJ\l': PAUL KANTER 
Original and folk -rock musIc. 9 pm-12 pm 

Lost entertainment of the quarter . FREE! 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1972 

Do Plants Respond to Huma 
Tom Lindberg 

Political insurgence is not a distinguishing 
characteristic of the " Green Revolution ," 
regardless of the suggestive term ; the only activists 
of this growing movement are biologists. and their 
targets for change are the humble masses of plants. 
This is not to say that the plant community is a 
passive lot • .going through life with no other purpose 
than to sprout, take rool, blossom, reproduce, and 
eventually die . A revolution is bu rgeoning in the 
world of botany, apart from the purposeful "Green 
Revolution"; and in this somewhat obscure 
movement the plants do have a voice, one tha t is 
becoming clearer all the time_ Laboratory studies 
have determined that plants are strongly influenced 
by electrical impulses and ultrahigh frequency 
sound waves. and the use of these forces can control 
plant development. Evidence is also mounting that 
plants are sensitive to even finer impulses and 
thoughts; and the consistent test results of such 
experiments are as magical as they are 
revolutionary. 

Large individual plant cells react to electrical, 
mechanical , or chemical stimulation just as a nerve 
cell responds : an electric Impulse sweeps along the 
surface of lhe cell. Inorgamc salts are dehcately 
balanced In dIstributIon in and around a liVing cell , 
bolh in plants and animals. and these salts give the 
cell its electric properties. Living Itssues. consisting 
mostly of watery solutions of salls separated into 
subdivisions by membranes, organize the sail 
molecules Into electrically charged IOns. some of 
which pass more freely through the membrane than 
others Concentration dIfferences across a 
membrane separate the poSItive and negative 
charges and an electrtc field is set up The 
concentrallon differences are mamtained by 
pumping action of the metabolism of the cell which 
push ions through the membrane in one or the other 
dIrectIon. 

The large fresh water alga, Chara australis, 
provides a convement model for the study of electric 
charges and their action. Potassium ions are 
negatively charged and held in the vacuole of the 
cell. calcium IOns are poSItive and surround the cell . 
The long cell can be sllmulated with an electric 
current , by the injection of a chemical, or by simply 
poking it with a probe. ThIS stimulation 
momentarily makes the inside of the cell less 
negative , and when this happens the membrane in 
the stimulated region is opened for the influx of 
positive calcium ions which depolarize the 
membrane The local flow of electric current 
triggers the same stimulallon and electrochemical 
change In the neighboring membrane. The 
sllmulation then travels over the surface of the cell 
hke a wave, similar to the action of ammal nerve 
cells except at a much slower rate . 

"Naslic" Response 

......... .. 

The possibility of pl ants being sensitive to sound 
waves has Intrigued SCientists for several centuries , 
Charles Darwin attempted unsuccessfully to 
stimulate the mimosa pudica with sound waves 
generated by the bassoon and other insiruments. Not 
until electronic equipment capable of producing 
ultrasonic vibratIOns, those inaudible to the human 
ear_ was developed have positive results been 
obtained. C. L. Stong has deSCribed an experiment 
testing the relative growth of radish plants, one 
group being exposed to ultrasomc vibrations and the 
other growing under the same condil1ons without the 
sound waves . An electronic oscillator and tweeter 
produced the vibrations 

ctions? 

at the 
a ~rant from 

studied the 
. She placed 

10 chambers 
and humidity 
chambers she 

12 ,000 cycles 

stated that the energy supplied by the sound waves is 
far too slight to account for the increased growth. 
but she suggests that the sound waves may produce 
a resonant effect in the plant cells. creating 
faborable conditions for the accumulation of energy 
that will alter the plant 's metabolsim. 

Sublime to Ridiculous 
Scientific thought can often move from the 

sublime to the ridiculous, and in Long Island City a 
dentist and horticulturist, George Milstein, has 
turned the ideas of sound-sensitive plants into a 
money-making proposition. He has produced a 
record. " Music To Grow Plants By ,'- which employs 
a mixture of tonal vibrations hidden behind 
orchestration that is supposed to induce the plants to 
do deep-breathing exercises. He claims to have one 
plant that normally takes two years to bloom do so In 
six months, after hearing the record. "That's liKe a 
three-year old girl havIDg a baby." Layman 's terms 
are often the most effective means of 
communicating complex technical data . 

Research into the physiology of plants has found 
remarkable systems of sensitiVIty to electrical 
impulses. chemical treatment. simple probing. and 
sound waves. The most startling eVidence of plant 
perception. however . IDvolves a less physical means 
of communication . In 1966 Clyde Backster. 
executive director of the Backster Research 
Foundation in New York , and a lie detector expert. 
witnessed emotlon-lik(' responses in a draena 
massangean8 plant when he connected a lie detector 
to it. While it was taking up water the specimen' 
reflex reaction pattern appeared to be SimIlar to 
that of a human bemg undergoing emotIOnal 
stimulatIOn Attempting to further test the plant's 
reactions, Backster deCIded to take a match and 
burn the leaf that had the polygraph electrodes 
attached to It At the moment this idea entered hiS 
mind a drastic change occurred m the reaction 
traclllg . the graph suddenly drew a radial 
waveform This suggested that the threatenIDg 
thought set off a chain of events not recogmzable to 
the human enses. triggering the plant into an 
emotional response. Atlemptmg to retest the fmdmg 
Backsler constructed an experiment involvmg the 
dumping of live shrimp mto boihng water . The 
action was completely automated and executed at 
random Ilme WIthout Backster's presence . Again 
the plants registered an emotion-like reaclion at the 
moment of the shrimp 's death 

more physical senses of plants and yet my<leriously 
set apart, are as intriguing as they are as yet 
unexplainable. Do plants have a consciousness? 
Psychics, clairovoyants. and seers, as well as 
ancient religious have maintained that all living 
organisms ha ve a second .. energy body, " 
manifested by an aura of changIDg colors 
surrounding the phYSIcal body. RUSSIan SCIentists 
have long been interested in thiS energy, and Sheila 
Ostander m Pycbic Discoveries Bebind tbe IroD 
Curtain describes much 01 the work being done with 
thesc Ideas Semyon Kirlian has developed a 
mechanism to photograph the auras. and Soviet 
scientists are now invesl1gating its pos~ibllilles The 
stream of energy that plants have ill>en shown to 
possess with K irlian photography IS thought to be the 
medium of the plants ' apparent conclOusness 
ObViously studIes 10 psychIC phenomena IS a vast 
topic requmng much more space than affordable 
here. but these slight glimpses and mySl1cal notions 
are dehcious posslbihties that should not be Ignored 
Backster's find lOgs are too upsetl1ng to be taken 
hghtly 

This brief account on some of the more shadowy 
studies of plant blologv cannot present conclUSive 
data . the mvestigatlOns are only In mfant stages of 
development . but the posslblhtles are still present 
EffectIVe use of ultrasonic energy In agriculture 
could greatly Increase crop production as well as 
destroy infestmg weeds. Tests have also revealed 
that lDsect pests may also be controlled With sound 
waves. 16.71 but the Widespread use of such 
techniques will require a rehnement of electromr 
equipment The home gardener With a " ~reen 
thumb" IS often a laughable subject. but plant 
conScIOusness IS slowly turnmg that notIOn IOto one 
to be taken In earnest If plants really can 
experience emotion . perhaps all the farmers of the 
world really need IS a httIe more love 

References 
1 Scott, Bruce I. H .. "Electrlcltv In Plants , 
Scientific American I October 1962 107-117 

2 Lawrence, George L _ "Electrollics In the 
LivIDg Plant. " Electronics World I October 
1969 1, 25-28 

3. ibid. 
4 Stong, C. L . -'The Amateur Scientist,' 

Scientific American IAugu t)l966 1. 100-102 
5. ibid. 
6. Cambell . Lowell E. and Schoenleber. L G . 

"The Use of Ultrasollic Energy 10 
Agriculture ." Agricultural Engineering 
IMay 1949. 239-241 

7. Davls_ F. S et al, "Ultrahigh-Frequency 
Electromagnellc Fields for Weed Control ' 
PhytotoxIcity and Selectivity," Science 
(August 6. 1971 1 535-537 

A sensitive plant such as the mimosa pudic8 
exhibits a nastic response . movement caused by the 
disproportionate growth or increase of turgor 
pressure 10 one surface of the plant, when part of its 
structure is cut The application of a current causes 
motion in a plant, electronastic movement , and as in 
the mimosa no proportionality exists between the 
strength of the stimuh and the dimenSions of the 
reaction 

Reports of other tests have showed that the 
germination period of certain seeds and tubers may 
be reduced by treatment with ultrasonics. Some 
seeds have been killed by long exposures to high 
intensity waves, even with a nearly constant 
temperature . Mutations and the mtroduction of 
cytogenetic variations were Induced by ultrasonic 
waves in root tips, and a combination of sonic and X-
ray treatment induced chromosomal aberrations 
with about 1.3 times the yiE!ld obtained by the same 
amount of X-rays alone. ~1-~~~:iJr~1 their growth. :r over two years. 

Since Backster's original discovery he has been 
exploring all manner of plant and animal life uSing 
automated equipment to remove human elements 
that might consciously or unconsciously 
contaminate the results. Backster's findings point 
toward all livlOg ce lls haVing perception potential 
He has found the phenomenon occurs in amoeba. 
fresh frull and vegetables, mold cultures. yeats. and 
scrapings from the roof of the human mouth. He has 
been unable to jam the communical1on li nk. using 
screen cages and even a lead-Imed container. 

8 Anonymous, " Science," Time (April 12. 
1968 ) 88-89 

9 Anon~'mous, "Music," Newsweek (August 
17. !97il) 82 Elfects of Ultrasound 

A group of researchers lead by F. S. DaVIS has 
studied the influence on plants of ultrahigh-
frequency electromagnetic helds . Using a 
magnetron tube to generate a field of 2450 
megahertz they calculated the tolerance levels of 
various species, finding the field lethal to many 

Carrk Rifkf~ 
Films deahng with the coming-{)f-age of young men have 

become about as varied In plot as the Hope-Crosby " Road 
to ..... movies . Perhaps Dustin Hoffman 's Wide-eyed Benjamlll 
Braddock inspired authors from many parts to recall their first 
encounter WIth women . and. smce. we have been Inundated 
With saccharin spectacles hke "Summer of '42" and "Red SkI' 
at Mormng ., I And some people still mallltaln women are more 
sentimental than men I These epics III remembrance ... ere 
eaSily forgettable 

But. III the wake of all these amorphous memory collages has 
come an unforgettable film Peter Bogdanov lch 's stark. black 
and white mterpretatlon of Larry McMurtry 's (remember 
Hud? I Tbe Lasl Picture Sbow. 

The film only mar~lOall y deals With Its title. rather. the 
storvline IS concerned With the ramifications of the death of 
leisure hme actiVities and the rise of teleVISion lethargy as It 
parallels the hfe of Sam the Lion Sam. played by Ben Johnson 
owns Anarene's Ithe town that the story IS concerned With I 
pool hall . picture show and coffee shop 'It scems that Sam IS 
the only man In Anarene who realizes the Importance of 
recreation am IS the sur ro~a te father to Sonny (perhaps the 
Irony was Intended I and Duane, plaved bv Jeff Bridges and 
Timothy Bottoms Duane and Sonny look up to Sam while they 
Ignore their parents. and the kindhearted Sam IS the adVisor 
and mentor to many III the Windswept North Texas town 

When Duane and Sonny go to MeXICO for a weekend fhng. r----

of Rideau wheat 
5,OOO-cycle sound 

specimens 
and developed 
grain-bearing 

increased 
l'IelOberger has 

"Emotional" Plants7 
Human-like action in plants is a tantalizing. if not 

conclusive. findmg . They have been shown to 
respond much like nerve cells and their definite 
response to sound waves of various forms presents a 
multitude of agricultural possibilities. But the 
findings of Backster. somehow associated with the 

10. I see number 2 1 
11. Anonymous, " Do Plants Feel EmotIOn?" 

Electro-Tecbnology (April 1969 1. 27 
12 Ostrander , Sheila and Schroeder. Lynn , 

Psycbic Discoveries Bebind tbe Iron 
Curtain, Prentice-Hall. 1970. pages 196-231 

SHOW 

departure . Jacy Sighs, " It's just too much for words .. 
Jacy 's rather profane imbroghos with her two gentleman 

friends is contrasted WIth Sonny 's relationship with Ruth . The 
hned face of Ruth Popper is rendered beautiful as their qUiet 
relatIOnship matures. But, It is again Jacy who mterrupts 
Sonny 's happiness with her coquettishness as she drops Duane 
for her friend 10 Wichita Falls. the Wichita Falls inan runs off 
and stands up Jacy , and lonely Jacy picks up on Sonny while 
Duane has fled Anarene because he has nothing left to hold him 
there 

Jacy and Sonny see each other exclUSively. and Sonny does 
not even stop to tell Ruth about hiS change of heart There IS a 
beautiful scene in which Jacy has talked Sonny Into running off 
and getting marned to her I so that when her parents found out 
they would send her away to college and annul the marriage I 
while Ruth SitS alone In her pnm bedroom dejected , In a white 
dres , hke an abandoned bride 

But Jacy 's parents come to the rescue, Jacy IS taken away to 
be sent to a respectable college. and Sonny again IS left a lone 

Duane returns bnefly to Anarene before his departure to 
Korea . Sonny and Duane go to the last pIcture show at the 
Royal Theatre (the theatre-owner mourns that she couldn 't 
keep it open any longer WIthout Sam around I John Wayne m 
Red River. The Inference i obVIOUS ' the West as Sam the LIOn 
and Howard Hawks knew It is gone People In Anarene are 
watching "Strike It Rich" on the television " No one." as the 
lheatre-{)wner says, -' has time for the picture show anymore . ,. 

Sam loans them some extra money When the boys get bored 
With hauhng gasoline and mak ing dehvenes. they go to Sam 's 
Picture show. where the ugliness of Sonny 's pendulous-
breasted pimply-faced "steady" IS compared to Ehzabeth 
Taylor 's incredible dungareed beauty while she cavorts With 
Spencer Tracy m '-Father of the Bnde _. And. finally , Sam's 
death leaves Sonny to lllherlt the pool hall 

. . , ;- I --;:,-r n~ 
__ "-~ ___ -=-: .. :: ____ r. - -~...o: .::..::--==~t=:::~~~~~~~ 

Sonny walks Duane to the bus station Duane has escaped 
Anarene. perhaps forever. The two boys hadn 't much III the 
way of models to follow and they both searched for parents 
once agalll . Duane using the army as his shield, and then. III 
one last tremulous scene. Sonny returning to Ruth Popper , thiS 
lime as a mother where she first scolds and then holds him She 
cradl shim saYlllg ." ever you mind " 

The loss of Sam slowlV almost Imperceptibly changes the 
lives of Duane and Sonny Before . they were two football-
wlcldlllg . bumblmg. hIgh school seDlors wailing for June and 
gradualion to rome After. they were the same two boys. but 
they wandered "Ithout stasis and Sonnv more flrmlv 
('stablished hiS affair With Ruth Popper. IciorlS Leachman', 
the gvm coach's wlf~. and Duane lets hImself be morr eaSIly 

manipulated by hiS gIrlfriend. the beautiful town bItch. Jacy 
(P layed by model Cyblll Shepard I 

As Jacy Farrow. Cyblll hepard mgenlously (as well as 
quasI mgenously I plays the conOlvmg beauty who sees her 
mother married for money and starvi ng for lov . so deCides to 
employ alternate actIOn . she fluctuates between maneuvermg 
Duane and trylllg to appear a fallen woman for her WIchita 

Falls amour . After some verbal remforcement from her 
mother who maintams that sex IS not a smg. Jacy forces Duane 
h, tJke her to a motel to lose her vlrgmlty while her 
S('hoolmates are parked outSIde chortlmg In their ancient 
Pa,kards. When Jacy cannot consummate the act With Duane. 
bt'('ausc of Duane 's lllablhtyl she pretends It actually 

happened . and when her fflends stream III after Duane's 

Tbe Last Picture Show IS by far th(' most convlllclng 
remembrance of past limes rve ever seen The actlllg was 
supenor_ particularly Ben Johnson as Sam the LIOn , \Ions 
Leachman as Ruth Popper . Ellen Burstyn as Mrs Farrow. but. 
most of all. Eileen Brennan as the wist'Crarklng waitress 
Genevieve. bt'Cause. everyone knows a Genevieve It was a 
pleasant, though paillful . Journey Into past 

J. KRISHNAMUR I 
Philosopher author and teacher wi(( 
speak at the Santa Monica Civic 
Auditorium on the basic problems of 
human exislence : 

• SalurdlY. Mlrch 18-11101 
• Sunday, Mlrch 19-11 am 
• Salurday, March 25-11 am 
• Sunday, March 26-11 am 

Tickets $200-$3 00. The complete 
series: $8.00-$ 12.00 Available at the 
Santa Monica CIViC Aud itoriUM Box 
Office. Sponsored by Ihe Krishna-
murtl Foundat ion, P.O Box 216 , 
Olai , Cali forn ia 93023. 

Just published: 
YOU ARE THE WORLD 
K"shnamurtl's American univerSity 
ta:ks te (( us to become our OW" 
teachers and to look wlthm ourselves 
to bring about a transformation of 
the world . Paper, $1.95 

WILD TURKEY 
San Diego Spans SAT 
.6I1:N4MAR18 8PM_ 

Tickets: $4.75 Advance · $5.50 Day of Show 
TICKETS AVAILABLE A.T All S~uktr Inni. Bi ll Camille'S Men 's Sfr;res , 

tenttl l Ticket Acenclts, Sports Alena Ticket Office, 
C,U224-4176 for tlc ~et Information 

Produced by CONCERT IISSOCIII 1[5 • • 'm •• " c ........ 

MIDDLEARTH Candles 
Plus - Tickets to the BACKOOOR at :ian Diego State l 

SATURDAY ACADEMY MIDNIGHT 3721 UNIVERSIn AVE 284 1000 

Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1972 Page 7 



.. 

- .' 

(Possibilities 
Dance of a Thousand 
Demc ns Conceptual Art 

a concert Saturday, March 11 , 
at 8:30 p.m. in Revelle 
Cafeteria. The first work will 
be "Missa Brevis in F Major" 
by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. 
Barbara Park will sing 
sopra no , Judy Richmond 
mezzo supl dno, David Caylor 
tenor and Ellison Glatsby. 
baritone. 

The students of the Afro-
American Cultural Traditions 
class and art course will be 

presentin~ " Dance of a 
Thousand Demons" Saturday, 
March 11 , at 2:30 p.m. outside 
the International House . The 
students will be participating 
in a musical-dance-play 
ensemble Indigenous to the 
Western Mrican region . The 
event is free and open to the 
public Bring blankets to sit on. 

in Humanities 
Library 

"Library Science," an 
exhibition created by 
conceptual artist Eleanor 
Antin and Including work by 26 
local women artists. is now on 
display in the UCSD Cluster I 
Undergraduate Library. 

The program also includes 
" Namie " by Johannes Brahms, 
two duets from Bach's cantatas 
and "Serenade· ' by Franz 

~chubert. sung by the Women 's 
Chorus. with Diane Davidson 
Singing mezzo soprano solo. 

The show includes black and 
white ' photographs of what 
~rs . Antin calls " pieces of 
Information" accompanied by 
a card catalog with Library of 

Du ncan, Your Geek Congress subject headings and 
a classification number for 
each photograph. 

Rebecca Jeffers is the piano 
accompanist. Ron Jeffers 
conductor. Everyone is invited. is Shol.-I'ing 

The latest issue of The Movie 
Geek, a journal written by 
students concerning what ;s 
happening in the movies 
I reViews, scripts . articles I is 
available now at the ucsb 
bookstore for 50 cents. The 
editors of Tbe Movie Geek 
inVite your submi sions and 
letters to the editor please 
send them to Duncan Shepherd 
in care of the Visual Arts 
Depa rtmen t. Ma tthews 
Campus 402 . 

Allman Brothers 
The Allman Brothers Band 

Will appear In concert at the 
Commu nity Conco ur e 
Conven tIOn Hall . Saturday. 
March 11 . 1972 Also appearing 
Will be Mark Almond and Alex 
Taylor Show time IS 8 P m. 

The Allman Brothers Band IS 
still making good music and 
dedicating their time to 
explOring and extending the 
limits of their mUSical ability . 
The group plays vibrant and 
progressive rock blues and now 
has a new album out ., At 
Fillmore East. " The group 
consists of Greg Allman (organ 
and vocals I. Butch Trucks and 
Jal Johnny Johnson Idrumsl . 

D1ck~ Belts I lead gUitar 1 and 
Berrv Oaklev t bass 1 Their 
music brings stand ing ovations 
everywhere 

Tickets are $4 . $4 50 and $5 50 
and are available at all 
Highlander Stores. Metro 
TIcket AgenCies and the CIVIC 
Theatre Box Office 1236·6510 1 

University of 
California, 
Santa Cruz 

SlllIlJller 
La Jlgllagc 
Institute 

OHers Inlenslve nme·week 
Programs n 

Beginning CHINESE 
Beginning and 

Intermediate FRENCH 
GERMAN 

Beginning and 
Intermed iate HEBREW 

Beq nfllng and 
Ad,anced 

Bpo f'r ng and 
n~u 08 j,at( 

RUSS IA N 

SPANISH 
June fj .. Aug'J t ') ~q 

"' 1 ... -.Nt ()t, 

Up ., 15 ~uar!er unliS 
l , Ii ~ rs ti credt' 

Dr 1 lI ne .~ 'Y I ~In 
Telepr ~1( 14081 429 ?95? 
For r ormollor aboui thiS 

p o']rlm wr Ip 10 
Gee r9 M Benigsen. 

Coordinalor 
Summtr Language Inslitute 

Mmlll College 25 
Unlversily of California 
Santa Cruz. CA 95060 

Last spring Mrs . Antin 
invited women artists to 
submit a " p iec e of 
information" that described 
themselves. She then subject 
catalogued the information 
using the LIbrary of Congress 
classification sYstem and 
subject headings ' The show 
formerly included the "pieces 
of informatIOn" but now 
photographs act as surrogates 
which add to the 
documentation feeling . as the 
subject cards are supposed to 
act as surrogates for books. A 
desc ription of the 
documentation system 
accompanies the exhibit 

In applying the subject 
headings. Mrs Antln 
approached the documents 
from unexpected angles . A pair 
of worn clogs turns up under 
"GJ\: 1498. Arms and Armour. 
Primitive" ; and a quote from 
R 0 Laing. whom she thinks 
of as a "beacon of light to a 
whole generation of young 
romantics ." is put Into 
·'U KIl0 12 . Lighthou se 
Tenders" USing the Library of 
Congress system in this way 
prOVides clues and insights into 
the personality of the artist 

Mrs Antm' IS a resident of 
Solana Beach She is an 
Instructor In the UmverSllv's 
ExtenSion Program 14M 
exhibi t will be on view in the 
Cluster I Library through the 
end of March 
Civic ( 'niversity 

Choru s 
The UCSD Women 's Chorus 

and the La Jolla CIVIC 
UniverSlly Chorus will present 

On 'e~ro Leaders ... 

Turner Recita] 
Students of noted Los 

Angeles pianist and teacher 
Robert Turner will present a 
chamber musIc concert at 
UCSD at8p.m .. Sunday. March 
12 . . 

One In a continuing series of 
chamber musIc concerts 
sponsored by the UCSD 
Department of Music. the 
concert will be presented in the 
ReCital Hall. 409 Matthews 
Campus. It IS free and open to 
the public 

The Sunday evening program 
will include Beethoven 's "Trio 
in C Minor," a work written 
early In Beethoven's career . 
and Brahm 's " Variations on a 
Theme by Handel " and " C 
Major TriO. Opus 87 " The 
works for trio will be 
perfor~ed by Sung II Lee. 
Vio linist. Edward Dixon . 
cellist. and Vincent De Rosa . 
plamst. Piano solOist for 
"Variation on a Theme by 
lIandel " will be Don Lesser. . 

Turner. a senior lecturer in 
the UCSD Music Department. 
IS also conductor of the 
Repertoire Chamber Orchestra 
In Los Angeles. an organization 
devoted to the presentation of 
gifted young solOists. Now in 
Its third season. the orchestra 
IS scheduled for a concert next 
May In the broadcast series at 
the Los Angeles County 
Museum of Natural History . 
Turner is a graduate of the 
Julhard School of Music. where 
he studied with Russian 
pianists Josef and Rosina 
Lhevlnne He has performed 
Widely in the United States. 
Canada . France and Italy. 

Continued from Pal(e 4 
about. what? " We're going to march on Wa hington. march on 
the Senate. march on the White House , march on the Congress 
and tie ~~ up . bring It to a halt. don 't let the government 
proceed They even said they were going out to the airport 
and layout on the runway. and don 't let no airplanes land . I'm 
telling you what they said! THAT was revolution' THAT was 
the black revolution! It was the ~rassroots out there in the 
streets Scar~ the white man to death sca red the while power 
structure In \\ashlngton . D.C to death .. I was there 

When they found out that thiS black steam roller w~s going to 
come down on the Capitol . they called In Wilkin . thev called 10 
Randolph. they called In thesp na lonal Negro leader·s that vou 
re pect and told them to call it off Kennedy said. " Look . vou 
all lettln thiS. thing go too far ,. And old " Tom " said. " Boss_ I 
can t stop It. cause I dldn 't start It . I m telling you what they 
sal? they said. "We're not even In It. much less at the head of 
It They Sdld . "These ~egroes are dOIO~ things on thei r own 
they. re run~lnl( a he~d of us " And that old shrewd fox said. " If 
vou all ar('n t In It. I 11 put you In It. l 'll put YOU at the head of it 
I II ('ndor'llt l'tl w('lcom(' It. I'll help It. ril JOin 1l . . 

Leaders Called Together 
~ matter 01 hours went by thcv had a meeting at the 

Carllsl(' Hotl'! 10 :'iew York CltV The Carhsle lIotel IS owned 
by the Kenned\ tdmll\' A philanthropIC orielI' headed bv a 
"hlte man naml·n Stt'phen ('()umer call d all thE' ·top" c;Vl l 
fight k,uh'r, tolwther at the Carlisle Hotel and told them that 
'HI' ,ou •• 11 flgtltm!! ('arh other I'ou're deslflll'lnl1 the CIl'li 

fight, mmPlIH'nl dnd slncr I'ou·rr· lIghtlnl1 o\('r monev from 
~hlt( · Ilb( r"l~ . I~I us set up "hat sh,,11 be known JS the ' ouncil 

~ or I "'t('d ( IVII Hlghts Leadl'rshlp L('(, s form thiS (·ouncii. 
and all th(' C'1\11 rl~hts organizations Will b<>long to It. and wp 'll 
us!' 11 101 [UJ,ct ;'~I~I~g purposes" 

Let mp show I'OU how tricky the white man IS As soon as 
t.hev got It formed . they elected Whitney Young as the 
(hdlrmdn. and who do vou think became the co-cha irman' 
Stephen Coumer. the white man. and a millionaire Powell 
knows It happened King knows It happened. Randolph and 
Wilkins know It happened . everyone of the so·called " Big 6.' 
they know what happened Once they formed it. With the white 
man over It. he promised them. and gave them $800.000 to split 
up among the " Big 6." and told them that after the march was 

ContillUed on Page 18 
Page 8 Triton Times Frrday, Morch 10, 1972 

Alternative 
Possi bili ti es 

OKa)'. .so it is th e IVl'e Kend 
bf'(orc (inuls . 

TOKf' a long brl'oth onu taKe 
some lime to I\'olk cloll'n 
to fh r ocean .. 

The gulls (el'en though lOu're 
jeulous uf onpnllnri"d-
ness and their con· 
SPICUOUS sl'ns" o( 
purpose) orf' nlaking 
nief' wing patterns 

It's 011 fight if thpl' ho\'( ~ a 
ruison d'ctrp unci \·ou 
don't . 

Don't run uff und hale \'Our 
head In a sandpilf' of 
books. 

If I'OU cun spurr u mmllff'. 
read something obsolutt,-
I) nont'sst'ntial (Pretend 
rOll'fI' the CheshIre ca f 
anu Illout on' r II I 

Be eX lrulugunl with HllIr 
l ime. ignore fhf' 
prrS5urr.'S .. If'S not (IS 
Ihough II l\'(ln 'l h(lp/H'n 
a~oin 

f lug son1('on,' (. \ cat. a room-
malp. (I 101 pr. U parent.I 

Onh on<' mare week. 

\~ 1\...e. SUM o.rvw... ~""V'\. ~ Ow 
(bV"'-~ ,o.",cl.~" ,,"I,e. (.IJ (.~ i ~ !)';' 

....... 

-!-.. Y. 
. -So~ C<l.~J:,fS \." J.') "- • 

T;ii;~afencers place third ~ il] 
Mark Young 

W.', "" I7lli A~" W"",, ""=' .. '," CMlore~ ,'" "" 'P~ ..,,,d, ~ 'ook I., bl"" "d ""'" llil'" " ~:d ~ 
FenCing ChampIOnships have come and past. With the Tritons come. 

~apturing fourth ~Iace in a field .01. 22 .. In the best The saber competition, led by super·fencer-Iover Dick Sax, 
intercollegiate fenCing west of the MISSISSIPPI . the largest came in fifth place as a team _ Sax reached the finals in his Men"s swim ends ., 

W omen prepare 
turnout ever for any fenCing meet converged on the lowly event and placed fifth . However. it must be noted that he was 
UCSD gy~ - and sacked it. For t~ree days and 3500 matches! the . only one to beat a 38-year old fencing champion who 

pande~?nlum tested the very sanity of Patty Neal and Terri deCided to return to intercollegiate competition. Our hats off to 
Breshlnl (the poor souls who had to run the mess ). However, you, Dick. The rest of the saber team consisted of John 

whe~ the fog cleared , and the gym was left scattered with Helmich and Mike Jones. Calvin Cagnollall started the meet. 
debriS, It soon became apparent that the tournament was a but had to be replaced by Helmich. because hiS 102-degree 
success. The Air Force Academy walked away with first-place temperature was getting in the way of his brain .. 
honors. followed by Berkeley. San Fernando Valley State , and In retrospect, the Tritons felt that with a little more The UCSD men 's SWim team has ended ItS 1971-72 season 

With a deceiVing 3-7 record . competing In many meets With less 
sWimmers than events (The squad had a grand total of five 
members at the end of the season I The three winning efforts 
came against Cal Tech, Chapman. and Redlands. but even 
In their defeats. the Triton sWimmers claimed an amount of 
achievement. There were three records broken. many near 
misses. and Doug Nalte, the diver, was only beaten once Dave 
Turnquist set a record of 52:8 In the 100 yard freestyle . onll' to 
have it broken bv freshman John Ford In a lime of 52 7 Ford 
also set a 50 yard' freestyle record of 23 ' 5 

our very own UCSD. experience in the close matches, they would have had a good 
chance at first place. The way these fine athletes have been 
performing all year. we believe them. The season is now over. 
and Sax, Eno, and Helmich can look forward to the 'CAA 
finals in Chicago. For the rest of the team - well, they had an 
extremely good year and should be proud of themselves. They 
made up one of tne finest fencing teams this side of the Pecos 
river . Coach White should be happy to be the head of the most 
successful athletic program on this campus . Good luck in 
Chicago, you'll need it without Patty ; and everyone Interested 

In the epee event, Howard Eno jabbed and poked his way in..o 
the finals . where he ended up fifth over-all. The rest of the 
team of John Helmich. Jim Miller, and Tom Black fenced well 
enough to earn the Tritons an eighth-place team finish . 

The foil squad of Mike Jones, John Helmich, and Stan 
Robinson failed to place anyone in the finals , but fenced well 
enough to earn them a seventh·place team honor. This group of 
sparky young men fared extremely well against the rugged 
competition, and will all be returning next year. With this team looks forward to a more successful season next vear 

Rough start for Tritons split~ 
Triton thinclads lose to USD 

Other swimmers deserVing a round of applause are Gary 
Becker, who served as assistant coach. as well as coming out 
of retirement to sWim the tough distance races . Dick WatlS. 
butterfly and indiVidual medley; Mark Dudley. the workhorse 
who swam a race when there was no one else to sworn It; Kurt 
Horn ; Eric Redman and Kim Foster And certainly a pat on the 
back should go to Coach Fred Becker. who has proven his worth 
as an excellent water polo coach and swimmmg coach. 

The women's swim team appears to be ready for a good 
season against such powerhouses as UCLA. Cal State Long 
Beach and UC Santa Barbara. Their record stands at G-2. but 
thiS also is a deceiving statistic. The 14-girl squad carries on Its 
roster two girls who have already posted qualifYing times for 
the nationals. Powerful Elaine Simay and Jackie Russum seem 
to be on their way to a super year, and With what Coach Becker 
expects in the way of support from the rest of the team. the 
Triton girls should really make a splash on the swim scene 

The UCSD track team started out its season well, although 
not spectacularly well , despite the chronic problem of lack of 
depth . The season has already seen two meets. an 87-53 loss at 
the hands of Azusa-Pacific . and a third-place finish in a 
triangular meet involving UC Riverside and USIU. 

The team is sparked by some outstanding individuals . 
Probably one of the hottest sparks is sophomore transfer Tom 
Philip. who spent a year at the Naval Academy at Annapolis . 
He usually performs in five events. the maximum. and usually 
performs well . His specialties include the 1000yard dash. which 
he won at UCR in a time or 9.9 second and the 440 Intermediate 
Hurdles event, whch he won again at UCR with a time of 56.1 
second. His IH time established a new school record for that 
event. He also runs the 12o.yard HH and a leg in the mile relay. 
which he runs under 50 seconds. He has also been used as a 
pole-vaulter this season. 

The field events also boast a couple of fine individuals. Shot 
put is led by Gunard Valkirs. whose best this year has been 46.4 
reet.and a potential star. freshman Mark Robertson. who has 
managed a 41-foot toss. The javelin is taken care of by Dave 
Robinson. The team is in need or jumpers. however. possessing 
only Bill Van Arsdale at the High Jump post. who has done 
5'10" thus far . and Bill Tong who leads in the triple jump. He 
broke his own school record with a jump of 44 feet this year. 

The relay teams are having problems this year ; they simply 
are not set. Each team runs a different seL and they have not 
been able to get together . Better things are expected as praclce 
wears on. however . The 440 relay team is made of Philip. 
Meyers. Ncwell . and Joel Koch who acts as anchor man. The 
miie relay team is made up of Holzinger. Newell. Robinson and 
Perez 

Other members of the team who have been doing well are 
Kirk ewell and Bob HolZinger. ewell is running the 440 yard 
dash at a lime of about 53 seconds but is expected to get down 
to around 50 before the season is over. Holzinger has worked 
hard and is now doing a sub-two minute 88o.yard run . 

The team as a whole is in ncpd of more people. Coach Skief I 
expecting some help In the middle distance events at the 
begin ning of next qua rter but needs help in the sprints. where 
h(' IS "hurting badly ." and in the jumping events Members of 
the team are needed to perform in as many events. up to the 
maximum of five . as thcy can since there IS such a lack of 
depth . Consequcntly. their ' pcrformances In other events are 
beginning to hurt. 

ThiS has. however . had a benefi Cial elfect on thc team The 
team is doser·knlt thi s year and has a good winning spirit 
Coach Skier expects to win two or three mcets out of a possible 
'cven in dual and triangular competition In the Invltationals. 
the team's indiViduals arc 'expected to do well 

by Andy Estabrook 
The UCSD baseball team Saturday the Tritons face 

struggled through a busy week Life College in a doubleheader. 
as they split a doubleheader the first game of which starts 
with Pomona last Saturday and at noon . Pitchers Guy Lowrey 
lost a close game to powerful and Jim Robinson will start in 
University of San Diego Coach Vitale 's search for a 
Wednesday night. third starter to go with Yocky 

Behind the two-hit pitching or and Miller. 
soph Pete Yocky, the Tritons 
held on to defeat Pomona 
College 2-1 in the first game or 
the doubleheader. The locals 
played a strong game 
defensively, yielding no errors. 
while the lone Pomona run 
came in as the result or a wild 
pitch. The Tritons received 
their offensive punch from 
Randy Miller (two for three I, 
Jerry Pittman. Jim Rosania . 
and Pete Yocky. 

The second game of the 
afternoon found the home team 
on the losing end of a 9·3 score 
John Clark was the starting 
pitcher and lasted four Innings. 
giving up seven hits and four 
runs. Guy Lowrey came in on 
relief in the fifth inning. and 
the barrage began. Pomona 
scored five runs in the fifth . the 
irony being that there was only 
one hit . a bunt The runs came 
in on three errors and two 
walks. The Tritons scored 
three runs on four hits 

Wednesday night found 
Randy Miller of the Tritons 
gOing all the way against USD. 
allowing only one earned run . 
in the 4·2 loss The game was 
highlighted by captain Curt 
JenkinS' Inside-the-park home 
run . Faulty defense I live 
errors ) led to the Triton 
defeat . 

UCSD netters slide past 
Cal State Fullerton 5-4 

Richard Freer 
The Triton tennis team fought well Into most lethargiC performance Teacher and 

darkness Wednesday to record a tough 5-4 Win Baxle~ then combined as the top double 
at Cal State Fullerton Exemplifying " better team. suffering a 6-4. 6-3 defeat as the second 
late than never" reasoning. the squad 's one duo of Burnett and Wakefield. dropped the 6· 
doubles victory. recorded In the throes of 3.6-4 decision which knotted the overall match 
nightfall. finally sealed the match and at 4-4 Remarks such as '1 can't see and 
augmented a fine shOWing In the Singles "Gee It 'S dark ' served to heighten the 
bracket. which registered four very hotlv- tem,lOn abated a Doroskl and Freer 
contested wins combined for the ;·5.1-6.6-3wlnwhlchsent Tad 

l"umber-one Singles tar Ted Teacher led ~~~:gUChl 'S squad home With a 4-2 eason 
the wlnmng way by ousting CSF's best by a 6-2. 
5.7. 6-3 score. while Bruce Burnett. the pnde The team IS balk at It at nine thiS morning 
of Thermal. controlled a 7.6.6.2 deCISion competing In the long-awaited LSD 
JOining them In the winners' Ci rcle were Tournament which orrer~ oppositIOn from 

several Western . tates Bruce Wakefield. who won 12 straight games 
en route to a 6.4. 6-0 vlctorl'. and )iew Yorker Leading the LC D barrage IS ne" top man 

D k· hi ed h 6 Rud\ PerkinS. followed bl' Ted Teacher. Rick oros 1. w 0 out a t I opponent · Bruce Baxle\ . Bill Duke. Bruce Burnett . and 
4.26.6·4 Rich Freer Doubles entnes are headed bl lhe 

Number-two man Bruce Baxlel . badl\' Teacher·Baxle.,· duo. JOined bl' team~ of 
lacking sleep. losl a 6·3.6·3 match IIhich Perklns·Burnett Duke-Freer. Doroskl-Scott 
competed with Richard Freer's 6·2 6-1 loss for Rath . and Glenn Gottlleb·Dlck DaVIS 

Th!' next meet will be the All·Cal tournament held here at 
UCSD. It wilt be on March 18. Saturday. at I p.m , I 

the t -shirts you l ve~ 
THE NEW WAY TO LEARN 

FRENCH 
GERMAN 

SPANISH 
ENGLISH 

50 % Discount 
to all college students 

291 -94 10 

Sullivan Lan9uilCjo School!; 
~ ____ An ectwc.ll04n • • Ol~ " Of' 01 ijO""~'C'" Ai'~"'CI'I UDOfalOfIf t. ,"'. 

all day today in the Coffee Hut, 
lunch & dinner ... the Hut will be open 

daily to 10: 30 during finals week ... 

COllf'OH 
GRANO OPENING SPEC IAL 

D.M.1. 
VOLKSWAGEN PARTS lID SERVICE 
• I an 1.1 BRI( \ TlO' • r al I ou ( 11 \ \~l 

.A101 TUI I-UP !9!~, ;.~:.~ 
IMlw"l 

• \ .. T .. . fI, 
• .... t \ ' .... 4 ' I" •• 
· , ... , .. "'. 
• •• _ ., Iflt t l . .... 

• _ ... ( " h" '''' 
· r",, ~ , . ~ If " 

• .''Il0.l '' . ,,,, .. , t .. P ... ftl . 
LA JOLLA BLVO 
(Bird Rock) 

CCUM' 

UI -I562 
m -I541 

been asking for . 

REVELLE 
J OHN MUIR 

T HI RD C()LLEGE 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1971 rog~ 9 

2 

" e I 

3t 
hi 
JI 
In 

Il' 
l(' 
tt' 

h 



.. 

On Negro Leaders ... Renaissance Man ... 
COIIttaHd from Pale 8 

over, they would get $700,000 more. CODlta,ed from Pille • Bic' Betome tbe March science. But since it was pre-eminenUy in science that he had 
~n as the." IQt the set up Qrganized, the white man made made his reputation, I was intrigued to find Qut that he hadn 't 

avaJlable .to them, top public relations experts, opened the really intended to take up scie~e at all. 
news medIa at 'ross the country at their disposal and then they When Harold Urey set out for college, he was a farm boy 
began to prQjt'Ct this " Big 6" as the leaders of the march. You with a modest rural education under his belt and some notion in 
were taUli~ ' this march talk on Hastings Street, on Lennox his head that he would like to. become a psychologist, But the 
Ave ., Qn FllIrr.ore St. , and Central Ave" and 42nd St, and 63rd Psychology Department at Montana State didn't admit 
St. That's whe-e the march talk was being talked but the white freshmen to its courses. So, while he bided his time. he 
man put the "Big 6" at the head of it made THEM the march scheduled biulu!:y and chemIstry into bis first year's program. 
THEY became the march, ' , He never did get back to psychology, fo.r during that freshman 

They took it o.ver~ a~d t~e first mo.ve they made alter they year Dr, Urey came under the influence of an extrao.rdinary 
took It over was an InVltatlo.n to Walter Reuther, a white man; teacher who. decisively altered the direction o.f his career, 
they inVIted a prIest, a rabbi , and an o.ld white preacher, yes , Personalized Style of Education 
an old wh!te preach~r. The same white element that put . By the time Dr. Urey arrived, the pattern o.f science ~ennedy m power, I.e. labor, the Catho.lics, the Jews, and Instruc~lo.n at MIssoula had already been remodeled by this 
lIberal :'rotes~,nts ... the same clique that put Kennedy in CambrIdge master Into the hIghly personalized tutorial style of 
pow,er,. Jomed the march on Washington. the Oxford/Cambridge tradition. Fo.r four years, Dr. Urey 

It s Just lIke when you 've go.t some coffee that 's too black ~eaped the benehts o.f that tradition : and when he later mo.ved 
( ~hich means it 's too strong I What do you do? Yuu integrate it o.n to graduate studie.s at Berkeley - under the dazzling 
WIth cream, yo.U make it weak. If you pour too much cream In constellallon of chemIcal giants assembled there by G. . 
you 'll never know you ever had coffee. It used to be hot, it LeWIS - Dr. Urey continued in very nearly the same style of 
becomes cool: it used to be strong, it becomes weak : it used to learning and research that he had already enjoyed in his 
wake you up, no.w, it will put you to sleep. undergraduate days. 

Infiltration Weakened Marcb There we~e a few audible gasps and murmurs of indignation 
" This i,~ what they did , with the march on Washington. They when ~ durmg a lull m the questioning - 1 put Dr. Urey on the 
. Jome<! It - they dldn t Integrate It, they Infiltrated it. They spot WIth a tactless query as to whether he could possibly 
Jomed It, became a part of it, took it over. And as they took It re.conclle the type of undergraduate training he had received 
over, it lost its militancy. They (the people) ceased to be WIth the. sort .of mass-pro.c~ssing that Revelle students go 
angry ; they ceased to be hot : they ceased to. be through m their lower dIVISion math and science classes at 
uncompromising ; why, it even ceased to be a march. It USB 2722 today. 
became a picnic, a circus, nothin ' but a circus with clowns and I am glad that Dr. Ure~ di~n ' t seem to mind the question ; 
all. You had one right here in Detroit: I saw it on television certamly he took gre~t pains In phraSIng his reply. He did no.t 
WIth clowns leading it _ white clowns and black c1owns. l know attempt a.n aHlr.matlve defense of oversized classes or of 
you don't like what I'm saying, but I'm going to tell you creepIng. Instlt~tlona,1 depersonalization . (Certainly a valid 
anyway, 'cause I can prove what I'm sayin'. If you think I'm defense IS poSSIble. I II halfheartedly construct it myself if no 
telhng you wrong, yo.U bring me Martin Luther King, Phillip one on the faculty be~ts me to it. ) But his reply, I think, cuts to 
Randolph, and James Farmer, and those other three and see if the heart and ostensIble ratIonale behind the cluster college 
they 'll deny it over a microphone. ' system at UCSD, 
. No, It was.a sell-out, a takeover! When James Baldwin came At Missoul.a ~he science teachers knew their students by 
In from Pans, they wouldn 't let him talk,'cause they couldn 't name. What IS Important about that is not the familiarity but 
make hIm go by the "script," Burt Lancaster read the speech rather what t~e famillanty symbolized - a sense of personal 
that Baldwin was supposed to make. They wouldn 't let Baldwin concern and Involvement with the student's education. Dr. 
get up there , 'cause they knew he was liable to say anything. Urey doesn 't think that kind of familiarity can persist once a 

T~ey controlled it so light, they told those Negroes what time college grows larger than 500 or 600 students. The cluster 
to <lilt town, how to come, where to stop, what sign to carry c~lleges at Santa Cruz top out in that range, and I agree that 
what song to sing, what speech they could make and what It s ver~ much an upper limit unless drastic changes are made 
speech they couldn't make, and then told them to' get out of In teachIng methods at the larger colleges such as our own. 
town by sundown. And everyone of those "Toms" were out of Small College Tbeme 
town by sundown. Now, I know you don't like my saylO' thIS The great theme of the cluster college - patterned after the 
but I can back it up . ' v~nerable Oxford /Cambridge model - is that it preserves the 

It was a circus, a performance : it beat anythmg Hollywood vIrtues of small college warmth and charm even in the midst of 
could ever do. The performance of the year Reuther, and those a large and otherwise impersonal university environment. I 
other three "devils" should get an academy award for the best thInk ThIrd College is still like that - still small enough to 
actors, 'cause they acted like they really loved egroes (and nourish and preserve a bInding sense of community. But as 
fooled a whole lotla egroes l. And the six egro " leaders" ThIrd College grows and prospers, I suspect it will eventually 
should get an award too, for the best supporting cast succum~ to the same degenerative processes that have already 
P.S We would like to remind the readers that the anniversary laId claIm to and compromised the distinctive programs that 
of the assassination of Brother Malcolm was Feb. 21 , and the were to have been the separate hallmark of Revelle and Muir. 

ye~r It occurred was 1965. We all have paid trIbute to great For all of ItS pretensions to innovative excellence, UCSD has 
whIte men of the past, so we ask that you also pay tnbute to a nevertheless managed to construct itself to the blueprint of 

• _tr_u.;ly~eim"in~ern~t B~I;;a.;;ck~mra;;;n~ ___ T-:-"'i"" __ "T~;:-__ c_o_m_m .. o .. n.:p ... la:.;c;,:e_c.:.o~n:.;v.:en~t~lo~n:s:.. ~H~owever grand and glorious the 
r anyway 

Anytime you feel like it. ThaI is, if iI's Bl lD\VEI ER Mah Liquor. 
BUD\VEI ER Malt Liquor is Ihe fir I 100%· malt, malt liquor around (no other 

grains added). It's the first malt liquor that really i~ ... mah liquor. 

DORMSNGL 
at Muir for male 

Avail. NOW! Call 
Bruce 453 8698,2233165 

myths ~t animate our public propaganda, the same anomie-
generating rnegaversity methodologies that dominate 
undergraduate education at Berkeley and UCLA are also 
triumphant bere. 

Despite its best intentions to the contrary. the University has 
succeeded mainly in multiplying administrative hierarchies 
without very effectively reducing the dehumanizing 
phenomena.of mass education. ¥Ie do not have small colleges 
InteKJ:ated IOto the bill University structure - as originally 
~oncelved ~nd heralded. What we have are big colleges 
Integrated mto the small university. And our advantages in 
that unique combination are negligible. 

Dr. Urey makes no attempt to defend large classes except on 
the ground that. nothing else is possible, given large 
enrollments and limited faculty . Dr. Urey is sensitive to the 
charges ~atelr leveled at UC faculties thal they aren't spending 
eno~gh tIme m the c1assr~m . Once upon a time University of 
CallforDla professors consIstently carried a 9-hour teaching 
load every quarter. But, partly in view of the knowledge 
explosion of recent decades, Dr. Urey makes a cogent 
argument that a 6-hour teaching load is far more reasonable 
under present circumstances : and even then professors will be 
under a g~d bit of strain .if they are to keep fully abreast of the 
proliferatIng techDlcal literature pursue original research 
advise and supervise grad students, and prepare 6 lectures ~ 
week that are not merely competent, but positively interesting 
to the discriminating undergraduate of today. 

Teacbing-Research Balance 
I accept most of Dr. Urey's arguments as wholly valid . 

However, when I look in the quarterly schedule of classes I 
sure don 't see many science professors teaching even six ho~rs 
a week . Many teach only one course per quarter - some not 
even that (except for graduate seminars at unspecified hours). 
I don't want to imply that these professors aren 't earning their 
keep. I'm sur~ that they are. And I rather hesitate to delay the 
advance of scIence by suggestIng that a more optimum balance 
should be struck in the distribution of priorities between 
research and teac~ing. I'll grant that the research in progress 
at thIS campus IS of unchallenged importance. The only 
quesllon IS whether teaching has any importance too. 

~he ~resent balance has been achieved by herding 350 kids at 
a tIme Into USB 2722 lower division math and science lectures . 
One professor thus accomplishes the theoretical equivalent of 
perhaps ten teachers - all in one fell swoop. That's systems 
management for you. And everything is fine and economical 
and. efficient about it - except that no one can ask a question 
dUrIng class and Revelle must necessarily limit how often the 
courses will be offered and how many alternative options will 
be offered for the. student to select from . (Woe to anyone who 
drops a quarter ; It takes a year to get back in sequence. And 
woe to anyone whose needs aren ' t met by the 
~weedledee /TweedleduI? course tracks that vary slightly in 
rigor and scarcely at all In approach.) 

If this practice resu lied in consistently superior instruction 
then of course no one would have any cause to carp. But 
whatever virtues there are in the system seem to me to be 
outweighed by. its defects - at least from a student 's point of 
vIew. We get little or no special benefit from the mass lecture 
to compe.nsate for what is lost in the way of personal contact. 
The audlto.rIum classrooms are a very convenient mass· 
processing device through which the faculty can relieve itself 
of much of the " burden " of teaching And the factory courses 
generate employment opportunities for grad students who need 
that sort of thing . 

I . take. it for granted that Governor Reagan is hostile to the 
UDlveTSlty and that his budget stringencies bode nothing but ill 
for the academic comI?unity. But Governor Reagan may not 
be theonly bogeyman m the barrel. Perhaps the deteriorated 
con.dlllon of hIgher education can be traced at least in part to 
polICIes and practices originating much closer to home. 

ERROR-FREE TYPIN6 
COIlICTION I IIION 

Or-Gro 
ORGANICALLY GROWN 

NATURAL FOOD 
• Produce ' Poultry Products 

• Meal Producls • Dairy Products 
• 6akery Goods ' Grains 

• Julce~ ' Appl iances 
• Food Supplemen t5 h~~~~:z;~~~ 

,& - ( 

NOW AVAILABLE AT OR·GIO 

The fir t malt 1" 
good en h Iquor 1 oUg to be 

ca led BVDWEISE R. 
Page 10 Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1972 

AN HlUSlR BUSCH I~C • SI lOUIS Eggplant 

HOURS: 
M-f 
SAT. 
SUN, 

Delicious Frozen Dinners 
organically grown ingredients 

Cheese Enchiloda • Rio Casserole ' Mushroom Casserole 

Cheese and Cheese 

Joe and AI say they are good, Ask'em 

945 GARNET, PACIFIC BEACH 
PARKING IN REAR 

HOURS 
M·f 10-7 
SAT. 10·6 
SUN. 1-$ 

Face II. "Be prepared" Isn't just for Boy Scouts. If you really care about 
your lite and hers, you'll take precautions to prevent an accidental 
pregnancy. By using a condom. One of to day's new condoms ... SO 
highly reliable yel so eXQuisitely sensitive that you no longer have to 
sacrilice pleasure for safety. 
So why run the risk of !ccldental pregnancy? Especially now Ihat you 
can get famOUS-brand cendoms privately-by mall. To discover some 
of our remarkable condoms for yoursell , order one of our SImpler packs 
today. Or send for our free Illustrated brochure. 

15,000 Salllllee! Cllllome,. 
Our line products and rapid service have won the praise of customers 

ell over the country. For example, Craig Luoma of Tacoma, Washington 
wriles, "Very pleased with your aample pack ... particularly Impressed 
bY the two British Imports. Am ordering mor . ... Donald Cunnlnghlll1 of 
Avon.by.the-8ea, New Jersey, adds: "Thank you for sparing me contecl 
with Ihe 'under the counter' attlludes toward conlraceptlve. so onen 
faced in slores." And Gary L. Hess of Ithaca, New York. commenls: 
"II was the fastesll Iver received anything. Thanks." To order your .ampler pack of these remarkable condoms, simply 
use the coupon below. All orders "alliled Ihe same day received and 
are shipped In I plain package. Sallslacllon Is gua""teed, Dr simply 
return the unused portion of your order for a full refund. 
-----------------------
'opilllll, •• 1a •• Ia, 'uoclltlS 
tD5Mortll C,t.."1 D.pt.HH 
CIIa,.1 M1I1, N,C, 27514 "m' 
Plme rush the fOllowin, in plain 
pack lIe: .o~d"""""S-S ---------
o Mini-sampler contlinln & 3 
assorted condoms, plus illustrated 
brochure, iust $1 city 
o Deluxe Simpler contlinln, 18 
Iswted coodoms (3 uch of 6 dif-

IlIto 

H 15 feren t brlnds), plus illustrlted brG ,Ip 
ChUll, just $5 

I 0 IIlus:r.ted brochure only, just I Inclc:::ayme~:~n full under YOIIr I .. ~L __________ m~l!:. _~!!! _,;,, __ --_ .... 

Ruggers smash 
UCLA 30-3 

On another day of sunny rugby weather the Triton Ruggers 
upped their adrenalin quota to its maximum fof theIr 
showdown with the UCLA Greyhounds (or the league 
championship. WhIle the younger ruggers stIli held the UCLA 
team In a bit of awe, they rose to the occasion with a smashIng 
30-3 victory. 

The carnage began with DIckie "Moo" Duncan drlbblmg the 
ball dolYn the sideline for a score early in the first half. UCLA 
tightened up and put pressure on the Tritons with some good 
kicking by the UCLA fly-half. Wally McCloskey then broke for 
a long run down the middle and at the ten-yard lIne he 
thoughtfully passed off to Paul Liebow who look it in for the 
score . The crowd then went WIld as Duncan uncorked a 4{).vard 
dro.P kick for three more points The first-half scoring was'then 
rounded out by a penalty kick by Sertic, who had also converted 
the two trys, for an 18-to-O lead. 

The Tritons came out with their usual second-half spurt, as 
did UCLA, and the play seesawed up and down the field The 
Triton forwards then got into the act with a score off a line-out 
by " Banana Nose " Sinclair and a 25-yard run by Beanan after 
he blocked a UCLA kick . Both trys were converted by Sertic 

The action did not end with the game, however, as the 
ruggers went off the field for a quiet night of song and 
inebriation A new talent was found' in "Jeff the barman" who. 
doubled the size of his forearms by hOIsting the lOO-odd 
pitchers co.nsumed at a local brewery. 

ThiS weekend finds the Stubb and Butterball leading a team 
of undergraduates only against their old alma mater. Harvard 
School of Los Angeles. At the same time the older members of 
the club plan to rest their weary bones with a few laughs on the 
sideline, and in contemplation of the upcoming playoff agamst 
Ombac, and the upcoming visits to the fleshpots of Santa 
Barbara and Tempe. 

Here it is, the first of the 
year. You 've got those 
old Spring-Quarter -
Where-Am -I-Going-To-
Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart al the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night , you're going to knock him for a couple 

01 fru it loops. Is that what's lroubllng you , Bunky? 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... Iike fully built- in kitchens , 
lerriflc bedrooms, carpeting , drapes, and a 
pr ivate patiO outside your door. And , perhaps 
best of all, all of Ihis is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see , two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravaganlly as one ... and aHer all , 
aren't two heads better than one? 

WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 
A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITILE 

PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 
Look at it Ihis way: If you and a friend go in on a 

place, it'll cosl you as little as $72 .50 a monlh 
The money you 're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole 101 more 

comfort and convenience 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools . 

Or, maybe you'd like 10 lie around in Ihe Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool In Ihe billiards room ... for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

Iwoean 
liVe 
as 
cheaplY 
as 
one. 

"""" 
~ uoo 
, I " .. · .. . ~ ,..0,; ! 

, I ,;:00 

~ir""""' " ;. ~ , ~~~n 
.~Q.!~Y~!!lge 

for mor,lnformatlon,cllI UCSD repr ... nllll •• Floyd 8,enn.n II (714) 453-0141 . 

Carter returns! 
The ball bounced softlY on the rIm. once. twic , t len fell 

away. The ensulOg epithet thundered across the hardwllod at a 
900d clbel level. To anyone wlthlO earshot (a half-milt In thIS 
casel the ringing oath meant only one thIng - bad Ron rar\l_r 
was on the court Ron Carter IS the meanest I look In!! I hombrl' 
ever to mIss a lav-in That was last ,ear He s ba::k thIS 
year.but as th coach of the women S IntercollegIate basketball 
team 

Coach Carter's team IS I-I for the year.but thts IS no real 
criterIon SInce most of the gIrls have never faced real. full -
court comp UUon and are Just learmng to adjust to (:oach 
Carter's 'fastbrcaklOg offense and 'half court pres'" 
strategIes 

:\10 matter what court tacltcs are used . Ihey WIll undoublPdly 
revolve around the bIg guns of Judv Lower and Aliena Salmon. 
who. between lhem. have scored 6i of the 85 pnints 'cored 
Judy carnes a 19-pOint average and ,Ilena a 14 .5-pOlnt 
average 

The girls team is runlmJlar to a mens' leam In that the 
rules are almost Identical and Iht' team runs pla,'s along With 
the offenSIve and defensl\:e plavs mentioned abovt' 

The games are entertaInIng to watch. If not for the qualIty of 
basketball (whIch IS excellentl then to see "bad' Ron Carter 
act as a suave, debonalre sUII-and-t1e coach 

'W11I1I111I1111I111I111111I111I11I1I11I1111111111I11111I11I1111111I11I1111I1II)1I111I11111111111111(1)111111 111':' ~ • Cal Jet Charter' s • ~ 
I "SPRING BREAK FLIGHTS" I 

~ Don'l be misled by lower prices. Investlgale firsf! Fly ~ ~ with our relioble charter group. Know your facts on ~ ~ your charter corrier before you sign your application . ~ I ~;~~lak:~Tc;:~~::~hE~n ;;:n;;: :~I~:~~~n1e972 I 
= E ~ Flight .. 0t1l lnal10n 0011 Al1lin_ Pme E 

i . (LEAVING MARCH 19th) • I 
§= "N1927 5fl0NY 1~l(r Lv Mar19 Arner ~ 1 59()(, __ ~_-

NY .Jfl< ,oSF ~el Mor '27 
~= .(19-27 SF 10 Ct'h(OIlO L. Morl9 Ar""ff SI2201 =_§_ 

(hl(090 to ~F ~" Mor'11 
E_ .NlA 1927 LAlo"'''' )fl< l .. Mor19 ."'fl S15900 _~ 
= • NY JFK to LA ~~, Mo. '17 = 

.ClA1921 l,AtoCI-I,cogo l~ Mor 19 ... "'ef Sl2100 
(h,(090 10 LAo Ret Mo·27 

HEAVING MARCH 26th. 
_NIb SF toNY J~t. tv Mo' 26 A~r $ :>9 

NY JFIr. 10 Sf Aet Ap 2 
.(210 SFloCj,cogo l"Mor26 A~r S122 

Ch,cogo to Sf Ret Ap '2 
• w~O SI= to Wo~ DC Lv Ytor 20 lJ",IiPd S 5, 'Ai 

WO\" OC to Sf ReI A.p'1 
_"'" tA '0 " JFI( l ... MOf 16 A",~r $159 

""'-IT )1=1'0 '0 LA Ret Ap 1 

I ::::".... ~~~:A~l~~: :~. :'::" 1 
• ONE WA'y WEST COAST TO EUROPE. L~ ~~¥~ ... :;..~~~ :'::j: l:1F I 

1_ :;:; .ONE ~~~~K~~~J~;~ES~:~~AST;~; 1 
" ,1] london '" \ A. 000. Rei J\I"~ 7 B"I A l So 4~ ~ .11B 1""00 ' l" (),,' ~., ),.' a'i. ~'4~ ~ 
.871 S. ~t'l IOUO~ jl .. , J 24 TlA. S. 49 
• SPRING QUARTER EUROPE ROUND TRIPS • 

• 9',{ u:.Q.tld l~M'I' ~·'A S4 ... 
lono,-' ,), 0 .. ~I" Ar .. " 7 

.1118 nOI"l"'''.O l.A.p9 8,·A.( •• 4~ 
lo"'don loJ :.. Oc.. R~t u~ 1"1' 7IJ1 

y 411 tir'AL S~4" 
, } 

Sf .. , SlJ .. 
'~7 

I' .:::::~~:::,: . F;::~~ :l::::.' , 
1~;~~~~~t~~~~r~~;~~~}~~t~~1 

==_= , .. ,' JQ = 
.,.b • 0 r (. CO <0 ,~ ThfU Chortel FhQhh 

Clle a",olloble only 10 \Ivdll!!nh t'mployet\ ,'eff fatuity and eK'tn~,on 
"uden" of the Unl\';an"ly of California and mt: mb.r, of ,hel' Immtd,olf 
fom.II., 
rh.,. 0'. NO MEMBER~HIP feES 
A I t ~t.. fIt t Y II!!QIJ p'"enl e- I y mf 
t. 'Iter ~ I't':l I 

Fot Apphcof.on & Fulfhe,lnfo rmo tOn wrlle 

~~~~E~r~~:::'::~ Of (011 t 41 S Q22 . 14)4 
San F,an(Ii(O Califorma 94'23 _ 

;',, 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111lIllIl ll1hll ii\ 

Triton Times Friday, Ma rch 10, 1972 Page 1 1 

• 

Il 

d 
Il 
\1 

III 

wt 
I,) 
of 
on 

he 
'he 
Ilf' 



~---announcernents--------------------------------~ 

frida, 
More tha n 300 free 
l ' niversity Extension 
ourses will be available for 
students Spring Quarter . 
However, petitions for 
courses must be filed no 
later than March 17. Anyone 
interested should contact 
the Provost of his college, 
Graduate Office or the Dean 
of the School of Medicine. 
Free cop ies of the spring 
EXPLORE, the Extension 
catalog, are now available 
at 103 Matthews Campus. 

MECHA Chicana Caucus 
and Th ird World Books 
present Sol Landau ' s film 
on Cuba : " Fidel, " tonight 
at 7 :30 p . m . at the 
International Center, 
Matthews Campus ( behind 
the UCSD Bookstore ). 
Donations are poss ible, or 
bring used things for Th ird 
World people. 

At 8 p.m. Paul Saltman 
interviews Ray Bradbury 
on "Fantasy and Rea lity" 
Channel 15 repeated 
Sunday. 

Entertainment 
"Montezuma's Revenge" a 
jug band will play from 9 
p.m .-12 p.m . tonight at the 
ASUCSD Coffee Hut . Free! 

aturday 

Soaring Club Flight list 
open for those who attended 
ground school last 
Saturday . Call Resner 
Wenzel 453-8529. 

Paul Kanter wi II play at the 
Coffee Hut from 9 p.m .-12 
p. m . Last event of the 
quarter. Free ! 

Athol Fugar 's study in race 
relat i ons THE 
BLOODKNOT directed by 
Floyd Gaffney . UCSD 
Theatre (behind the 
bookstore ) . 

unday 

Paul Saltman interviews 
Ray Bradbury 10:45 p.m . on 
" Fantasy and Reality " 
Channel 15. 

By popular demand the 
UCSDSki Club is present ing 
"The Wind in the Willows" 
and "the Legend of Sleepy 
Hollow" at 2 p.m . USB 2722. 
Free popcorn . 50 cents 
admission . 

Monday 
Soaring Club meeting at 4 in 
1330 today. Discuss the 
flight operation at Lake 
Elisinore, and the Torrey 
Pines Meet. 

Third College Faculty 
Administrative Staff 
Meeting at 4 p.m . in 
Conference Room A, 111 
Me. 

University Bookstore will 
be buying used text books 
for 3 days only. March 14,15 
& 16. The hours will be from 
8 a.m . to 4:30 p.m . daily. 

Coffee and good vibes every 
night at the People House, 
Apartment K-2, Muir 
Campus. Come on in to ease 
your burdens. Open every 
night until 2 a.m. or as long 
as people come on by. Take 
care, and loin us . 

Soaring Club will hold flight 
operations at Lake 
Elsinore over Spring 
break . If you wish more 
information or to get on 
Flight list call Resner 
WinzeI453-5829. 

Tickets for the Spring ski 
trip to Squaw Valley, March 

19 thru March 24. Sponsored 
by the UCSD ski club will go 
on sale Monday, Feb. 28 
thru Friday, March 10 at 
Urey Hall in the activities 
office. Cost is S77 for 
members and S80 for non-
members . This package 
deal includes : five days and 
nights' lodging, five all-day 
lift passes, two meals daily 
(breakfast and dinner), 
wine party, wine slalom, 
beer on slopes, live band 
dance and serious 
competition races. Also 
available will be complete 
ski rentals for $15 that week 
and half (112) day lessons for 
that week at $15. We w ill be 
staying at the Olympic 
Village dorms. Transport 
action will be via carpools. 
Please inform us if you have 
a vehicle available. The trip 
to Squaw is approx. 1200 
miles, round trip. 

An exhibition of paintings, 
drawings and cutouts by 
Nick Rott will be on exhibit 
at the U CSD Art Gallery for 
the week of March 13 only. 
Gallery hours will be 
weekdays from 11-3 . 
Gallery is located on the 
first floor of the Humanities 
library building at Revelle 
Campus. 

..""...- classifieds Wanted : Humanities 
student to share Encinitas 
duplex / garden 753-9412. 555 
mo. (3110) 

WANTED : used packing 
equip; packs & bags. Geoff, 
ext. 2270, 8 -11 a.m . (3110) 

Grad . student needs 1 or 2 
roommates (female or 
male) to share 2-bedroom 
house or apt. Would like to 
find place this week . Call 
Bob, X-2337 or 454-6907. 
(3110) 

tra \ I 
EUROPE 1972 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
SPRING-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 5129 One 

Way 
Low Air F are on 

Inter-European Flights 
IS RAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
I nternational I. D. Card 

Available 
Urgently need ride from 
35th Street and Adams Ave, 
to UCSD and return Mon. 
thru Fri. Please call M . l. 
Davidson, 453-2000, ext . 1967 
(3/10) 
EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM 5220 ONE 
WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E S.E P. , 11613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca 92664 (71 4) 833-
8060 ( . Also Midd le East, 
Israel and Or ient) ( R) 

9TH ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM 5229 ROUND-TRIP; 
JAPAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND-TRIP ; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453 -2888 4248 
Overland, Dept . A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (4114) 

ser \ Ices 
Wanted :' Nude Models for 
P:l0tO Fem . No Exp Nec. 
515 / hr . Eve, Call 287-4966 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on IBM-term papers to 
d isser tat ions - call 287-
1607. 

( R ) 

WRITING CLINIC 
Readers are available to 
check your rough draft or 
help w ith any writing 
problem you may have. Call 
X2401 . (R) 
DISTINCTIVE TY PING 
I BM EXECUTIVE Serv ice 
on schedule . Modest Rates . 
Satisfaction is the end 
product Helen 459-8828 

perso nal 
IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION 
CONTROL STUDE NT 
DISCOUCn 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(I N THE REAR ) 459-9181 
Income Tax Service 
Discount for students, staff 
or faculty . 755-8228 after 2. 
(4114) 
Need fourth to climb Mt. 
Diablo. NO TECH . CLIMB -
have made hike before. Call 
Mark bet. 5:30, 453-6146 

GOOD VACATION STORY! 
Read Watson's THEY 
CAME IN PEACE . 
Available at the Bookstore . 
(3110) 
Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nec. Up to 525 / hr . Good 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) 

Continued from Page 3 

ASTROLOGY BUFFS, 
ATTN! Don 't just talk 
astrology; learn how to 
actually construct & 
interpret charts, your own, 
your friends & relatives . 
Call Astrology Research 
Center, 459-6400, 11 -5 p.m . 
Or, drop in for info at 1118 
Torrey Pines Rd . 

10 t & found 
LOST Long 
maroon/purple and yellow 
indian scarf lost in Revelle 
cafeteria monday noon . 
great sentimental value, if 
found please call Suzanne 
755-9680 evenings . 
FOU NO : a watch was found 
at Muir Campus. Contact 
Rick at 453-9686. 

housi ng 
Fem housemate, own room 
in large house, S72 / mo call 
Rich or Barbara 277-2841 or 
x. 2364 
ROOMMATE NEEDED for 
Spring Qrt . 560 / mo. La 
Jollan Apts. 453-2613 can get 
you out of dorm cont . (311 0) 

society 

for ale 
DRAKE 2BRCVRw/ QMUL T, 
spkr, xtal cal. 5150/ offer : 
PO Box 5099, La Jolla, Cal. 
(3110) 

For Sale or Hire : used 
Communist conspirators; 
prefer experienced in 
radical foreplay . No dopers. 
(3110) . 

For Sale fine new Mexican 
guitar; excellent tone; with 
rugged case, 575.00. Call 
Diddo 453-6558 or come to B-
21 Muir. (3110) 
'68 VOLVO - exc. cond o low 
miles ; attractive; little 
used by student. 52,000. 582-
2097 eves. (3110) 
FOR SALE : to an aspiring 
mechanic, '56 Ford - looks 
bad, doesn't run, but engine 
good . Honest ! 540. 755-8025 
(3128 ) 

a(lverti~elnents 
for ourselves 

people on campus who are directly Involved not only academical -
ly but SOCially 10 needs of the mlnOrilieS on campus Berkeley IS 
another good example You have black people and other 
mlnorilies partiCipating In activities UCSD IS no unique In that 
fashion Other UC campuses do not have any relatIOn With the 
commuOity. but that's lust one downfall of UCSD We must try to 
solve the problem through participation and that's what we 're all 
about 

We re working on a number of prOlects right now Every 
Tuesday night. Paul Simms. trustee for the National Black 
SCience Students Organization comes In and gives a pep-talk to 
our minority listeners about the need for Black sCientists to have 
political awareness He 's a hell of a dude He really gets down to 
a lot of the problems and can relate sCientific problems to 

Next Quarter. we were gOing to be haVing Brothers from the 
mosque . Black Muslims do a show We are gOing to have 
national tapes We have an outstanding brother. Brother Amos 
He 's gOing to do a show every Friday on Black awareness and 
send the tapes to our department I'm really Impressed With hiS 
past performance He 's a hip dude and ItS really encouraging to 
have him 

Also next Quarte r we 're gOing to have a law program which 
Will be a weekly thing It Will deal With the need for more black 
lawye rs and more black people participating In the legal struc -
ture of thiS country 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, March 10, 1972 

We 're also gOing to have a communi ty action program People 
will be workmg In the commuOity. shlppmg correspondence from 
UCSD to the commuOi ty to let people know what's gOing on so 
they can get Involved With these commuOity prolects 

• 


