
triton ti 
Volume IS, Hum.er 14 University 01 ("Iilorni", S"n Diego Friel"y, Fe.,uGrY 18,1912 

n faculty pay increase 

ambell charges H itch favors Chancellors over faculty 
Jim Si/ls 

" Neither President Hitch nor Regent Carter wanted those 
dolla rs used for faculty pay increases ... Regent Carter was 
playing games with the figures." This is University of 
California Regent Glenn Campbell 's description of the defeat 
of his faculty pay raise proposal at the last Regent 's meeting. 
Campbell further charged that Hitch and Carter favored the 
expenditure of Regents ' funds to renovate and maintain the 
residences of the University president and chancellors, but not 
to pay the faculty. Campbell gave his views in an exclusive 
mterview with the TRITON TIMES this week . 

Campbell 's faculty pay raise proposal was the latest battle in 
the bIggest controversy to face the University since the firing 
of Angela Davis. The dispute was over how a temporary 
facul ty pay raise should be financed : from a special Regents' 
reserve fund , or a direct appropriation from the State 
L glslature. Campbell 's proposal would have increased faculty 
pa\ 5 5 percent through June 30 of this year by using $4.5 
million from a special Regents' fund . Governor Reagan's 1972-
73 state budget includes a 7.25 percent faculty pay raise 
liE'glnning July 1. Governor Reagan vetoed a legislature-
approved increase last year that he felt was excessive. 
TRITON TIMES: Is it certain that the faculty will receive a 
pa' Increase next July? 
Campbell: There is a recommendation for an increase of 7.25 

p~r cent in the governor's budget for '72·'73. It will have to go 
bclore the legislature of course, but IS likely to be increased 
therE' 

Campbell 's move to Increase faculty pay through July drew 
tl In fire from Umversity President Charles Hitch. since the 

InU E'a e would be financed from a special Regents fund . 

'IT : Perhaps PreSIdent HItch spoke privately WIth Regent 
Carter In hIS poSitIOn WIth the Finance Committee and they 
reached an understanding on how the money would be spent" 
Campbell : I'm sure they spoke at length either PreSIdent 
Hitch or Regent Carter wanted those dollars used for faculty 
pay increases. They coordinated theIr strategy at the meeting 
'IT: It has been charged that If the Regents once use theIr own 
funds to meet a need (In thIS case faculty pay raISeS ), the 
legislature will Insist that the UniversIty continue to do so Is 
this true? 
Campbell : No , In spring of 1967. the Regents allocated a sum to 
support the 196H8 UOIverslty budget. I might also POint out 
that when tuitIOn wa repealed at the medIcal schools. the 
Regents had to make up the money lost In revenue The 
administration was willing to recommend then that the 
Regents pay the cost 
'IT: Faculty state chaIrman Paul Zinner saId that the faculty 
didn 't want a pay increase that would hurt the UniversIty How 
do you react? 
CampbelJ : I dl agree with Dr Zinner The actIOn I proposed 
would have helped rather than hurt the Umverslty Th effect 
on UniverSIty morale would have b en very good Since I \'e 
been on the Board. we ve spent about $500.000 of Regent ' 
money to renovate Pre Ident HItch ' r sldence We also pay 
for maintenance of the chancellor houses Why one asks, 
can't we pend our money to finance faculty pav raIses" 
Pre Ident HItch and Regent Carter dldn t gIve a ' hIgh a 
Priority to the faculty Increa 'e as I did 

Governor Reagan has be n und r increasing attack from 
Crlllcs for 'cuttlng ' the 'mver ' It~' budget. RE'agan ha~ d med 
thIS charg . a well a th contention that h IS driVing good 
faculty memb r awa\ from th Unlver ' ltv 

IT. What I the special reserve fund? Who controls it? 
lampbell: The fund has been used In the past to support Group 
, bonds financing residence hall construction. The Regents 
control the fund , and act on the recommendatIOns of the 
PresIdent for Its disposal. 

'IT : How much money is in the fund? Regent Carter says there 
is enough available to finance your $4 .5 million plan. 
Campbell : Regent Carter was playing games with the figures 
We originally allocated $9 million of which 1 2 mIllion was 
reserved . though this is still at the discretion of the Regents 
The only important Issue was that th re were suffiCIent funds 
to take care of the $4.5 million cost of my pay ral e proposal. 
'IT:-" But Regent Carter maintained that mo t of the mone~ 
was already committed. Is it? 

'IT: What do yOU think of the recent CrltlCI' m of the gov rnor? 
I he redUCing It budget and decImating the facult~'., 
Campbell: In the first place. th budget of the Umv r:tty ha. 
conSIderably increa ed Ince Governor Reagan took office 
The Governor ha cut back the request mad by th 
adminIstratIOn of the Cmverslty, but the budget. have till 

hown ant Increase As to the facult\' turnover , over the last 
few vear our 10 "es have beer. at a hl'storlcallv low level Th 
market for new facultv I very competItive nght no\\ . and 
even institutIOn has It hare of refusal. 

FIercest debate raged over how much money was in the fund . 
nd whether some of It was already committed . Campbell's 

p!an called for an. expenditure of $4 5 million. Campbell 
maintained that there was $9 mIllion left in the fund , while 
I Inance Committee chairman Regent Edward Carter 
m.1 lntamed that only $7 8 million was available and that half of 
thl. was already promised. Campbell has more than a passing 
clcquamtanc with such controversIes ince he wa a professor 
I "('unomics at Harvard for five years . 

Campbell :' " it IS not committed The COlver ll~ 
administration may want It spent for certain proJects, but it 
must come before the full Board " 

Campbell has been a member of the Board of Regent inC 
1968. and IS pre entlya member of the Educational Policy and 
peclal Re earch CommIttee ' He en'ed on the Flnanc 

Committee la t year 

omm. Boardquestionnaire results AS agrees to fund Sunday picnic 
\t the last Comm Board meeting on Feb. 14. 

:c [lll members of the Board felt that the results 
of 'he recent questionnaire had been poorly 
puhlished in the TRITbN TIMES on Feb. 8. 

\llchael WeISS , chairman of the Board. 
oli l'lled to the use of the phrase 
o f'rwhelmlng student support" and the 

dt' l nptlOn of th questtonnalr as a 
rt' ll'fl'ndum . In additIOn. he felt that at ftrst 
glan(l' a reader might have mi read the article 

~nd ,,:sumed that 75 percent of th voters had 
plckl'd the TRITO TIMES over the other 
ran pus media. 

\, chael Weiss and fellow Board member 
~I ~ Reed were later interviewed bv the 
TilTON TIMES and asked what the result of 
tht questIOnnaire meant. Mike said that 

'udents would like the media maintained at 
a l'<ls t their present level of fundIng or further 
il need to Increase qualtty ," MIke felt that 
It only qu tlOn whose re ult were really' 

overwhelming was question number three (see 
chart ). It clearly showed that the students want 
the medIa to be financed by RegIstration Fee 
money, one of the other questions showed any 
definite trends . 

Wei s told how the questIOnnaire results will 
be used in the future . "They WIll help us to 
decide how we Will fmalize our budgets for thiS 
year. Also , in taking IOto consideratIOn next 
year's budgets we will know where to place our 
emphasis in representing all the medIas to the 
Registration Fee Committee and to the 
Associated Students. Hopefully we can u e the 
que tions as eVIdence for the typ s of media 
which the students want repre ented on thi 
campus. " 

Mike Reed seemed to sum up the feelings of 
the Comm Board about the questIOnnaire when 
he said. " This how that even though some 
students can't tand a particular Journal. they 
still se the need for It on campus .. 

Official Results 
Total umber of peapl who voted . 716 

2 Wha t IS your opinIOn of the contnbutions to 
I mversitv Communitv of th vanous SD 
'lT1 umca110ns medIa 'listed below? Please 
Iller ea h Indep nd nll.v 

.... , . .,....., ,.",1 ~ .. , f.,., .. ,- (l'tU."t 
6/.// 'SI I" l471 lSI SI'S 11 11.11 
IHI II' 111 1/11 IOl '1,/1 II Ill' 
1111 III 10' '110 111 '140 10 14' 
11 11 III 101 • II m.sl/ II 1111 
'3.11 111 I~ 1.44 I~ SI S. III In' 

Total who responded 660.92 17% 
... hould the communication m dla contlOue 
b' upported by A and RegIstration Fee 

Yes 585 88 63% 
:'IIoi51136% 

·kt Given limited fund . (I . IOcrease' 10 on 
'udget must be reflected via deerea S 10 

Iwr I what changes Ilf anv I hould bp made 

In the propo ed allocations of the vartous medw 
Itsted below 

N • ..,.,., "11" s .. , a 17/ liS 7I1~1' 1111 S n 10 
0", ... 11. 
Sfllt .. " .,/~/ S 'II' 1./11' 11 .. 11. 104-11 II I. 
0"".,,, IN,"''' 
.... 0"',,"' .... " ... , IIl1 111111 lle·11I liS II 10-11 

4b 'ow With re p ct to the eXlstlOg medIa 
what changes Ilf any' hould b made In th 
all allons of the vartou media Itsted blow. 
given Itmlted fund ') 

til",., G, . t Gr .. tt., 
whe ... tH I"" .. " I,",",' ",-",tim 0.".," O.Utft. 

•• ,l YtI(fS SSJ //. Il-IS Ilt-IS 111. 16 10 .1-11 
(UI, Tllllt1 .~~. ISII 11710 'I~ll 111·11 Inll 
DWftfft,,,,, 61 1St 

' .... 1 14-10 11741 11711 140/1 1101 S, ... ., '4-IS IIIIS 117 '1 1111 'III 
T",." f,lftt\ 611"1 10' I , .. ~. 111'1 •• 1 )'" 

The AS government. after 
agreeing Tuesday to fund a 
community piCniC and a UCSD 
hIgh chool tutortal program , 
ha only $63.49 left In It Club 
and OrganizatIOn account 
ThIS monev must la t until the 
end of thls'fi cal year:.. June 30 

Woman ' liberatIOn appeared 
first before the council. to gIve 
rea son why they hould 
continue to recei ve funding 
(the group had received $100 
for the entire vear and had not 
spent any· of It I A 
spokeswoman for the group 
explained that all of theIr 
actIVities were planned for the 
Sprtng Quarter The activIt Ie 
Include a Contemporary I sues 
class , Woman ' Week and 
Woman ' InternatIOnal Dav. all 
of which Will be covered by the 
single 100 appropnatlOn The 
counCil unammouslv voted to 

John MacGregor 

continue funding the 
orgamzatlOn 

Doug Baills peaking for the 
commuOlty pICniC which WIll 
be ponsored by People House 
B L' and CRAZY TI~E . was 
next to addres the counCIl 
a king for $349 21 Th counCIl 
again approved the reque t 
after a limIt d amount of 
debate The mone, I to be used 
to cover the foOd co't of a 
pICniC whIch Will be held 
Sundav . Feb 20, In the MUir 
campu quad. to celebrate the 
la t day of Black Con:clou ness 
Month The pICniC Will b gin at 
noon and continue until dusk 
There Will be free food and 
entertalnm nt all afternoon 

A spoke man for the CC D 
hIgh chool tutllrtal program 
appear d next. ask 109 for 300 
to cover transportation CO'L 
between l'C D and the vanous 
an Diego hIgh school. they 

:ene Th group wa: formed 
With the Id a of helplOg 
mlnorltv tudent. to b better 
prepared for th 1 m\(?ut~ 
Onc again the \ generou l} 
meet the reque t 10 full Total 
sp ndlng Involved In Tue~da~ .. 
meeting 74921 ThL 1eave~ 
the A With '3 49 for th 
remamder of th \ear 

The counCil aI""o agreed III 
hold the voluntan f £I 
referendum at the "anll' tlml 
as the I gal ald. referendum 
Both ar to be held on the \\ee ' 
beglnmn Feb 28 endln 
!\1arch 3 Th Ie al ald. 
que:tlon WIll be dpCldl'd h~ a 
Simple maJortt~' \ot 
how ver dUl to Irregular 

pr()('edure~ . thp voluntan ft.!'. 
matter Will only pa. If 50 
P reent of a studl'nt bod~ \Ole 
and of the 50 Pl'rc'l' nt mon thdn 
hall vote In favor of thl;' 
measure 

Holly Holmes - making ends meat 
Rem mber last y ar when John Lapellna 

Lynn . Georg and Tom 10 t their shirts 10 the 
campu. food s r\lce op ratIOn ') The III 

onttnental Co th prOVider of such 
memorable but futile gImmick ' a:" thl' 
multicolored meal ticket. th multt· 'olored 
Crtpt. turkeys at ThanksgIVing , frUit basket 

for hri tmas and LIltI Harrv 's After 5 wa. 
forced to call It qUits la . t June ' 

In It place the man re ponslble tor th 
ucc ot the Colfl'e Hut. Holh Holme ha, 

stt'pped 10 And 10 and b hold , thl It'<ld: r\lce 
np 'ntlfl 1< rl,k lne I' t 11 \I'ar 11 011\ I 

operatlOg under th ausplce~ ot thl l"nt\tr 'It\ 
and not pm'atl' enterpnsl' as did Lap ttna 
thus Holh doe. not ha\ to m, kl' a profit , but 
onl\ to br ak l'\l'n HI' JlI,t bard\ dOIn 
that 

Holl\ attribute. hI. "ucnss ttl thl' gnat r 
\'artpt:> 01 food 'er\l('e~ on ('ar IpU. thL ye<lr. 
bett r tood qualtt\' ilnd the fart hat h has not 
ralsro price deplte enllrmou: fiSt" 10 ft>(lei 
cot~ 0\ r last yt'ar . Hollv h ~ Oland cd h ~ 
tar til el'p 311 the 1011\1 lip r<ltlOn opt'n long 'r 
and mort' rt'cularh 'h n dlli hl~ rt llt'l (" 'or 

l OOlt 1'1110'(\ In 1'.1 0 r, 

e 

~I 



- .' 

Community picnic 
The People House, along with the BSU and CRAZY TIMES, 

is sponsoring a community picnic on Feb. 20 (Sunday ). from 12 
noon until dusk . There will be free chicken (thanks to the AS) , 
live music, and at night, oldie movies in the 5 and Dime. The 
music will be composed of rock, folk , and African rhythms. All 
this takes place on the Muir quad in front of the dorms. Please 
feel welcome to come and enjoy yourself. 

The picnic will be the last on-<:ampus function of the BSU -
be sure to catch it. Arter this. all activities will be al other 
campuses In the area. 

Another new facet of the People House is now open - voter 
registration on Wednesday nights. Ask for Doug 

Eye in the sky 
rCps) - Marijuana and opium poppy fields are soon to be 

detected by an earth resources satellite that IS scheduled to be 
launched this spring. according to a recent AP story . 

The orbiting satellite. scheduled for launching in Mayor 
June. will be capable of detecting pot or poppy fields from 100 
miles up , says AP. 

Quoting Dr. Robert H. Miller of the Agriculture Department. 
which AP says is cooperating In the project , three large fields 
of marijuana will be grown for the test, simulating different 
soils and climates of the world . He said they would probably be 
located in Texas. with a moderate clImate: the Anzona desert. 
and warm. moist Florida. 

Well, at least we know where to go! 

Women 
CommiSSIOner Kay Montgomery of the Fair Employment 

Practices CommiSSIOn will speak Feb. 22 at the monthly 
meeting of the San Diego County Chapter of the National 
Organization of Women (NOW I The meeting will be held at 
7:30 p.m. in the banquet hall located directly behind the Ernest 
Holmes Church at 4102 Marlborough (two blocks south of El 
Cajon Blvd , past 41st SI.) The publIc IS Invited 

Easy Protection 
Observing that we are in an era of "environmental 

awakening." President Nixon has called for the United States 
to JOIn In a " responsible partnership with nature" in his third 
annual EnVironmental Message to Congress 

The PreSident noted that in last year's environmental 
message. an extensive list of proposals had beer. presented to 
the Congress "Last year was. quite properly. a year of 
conSideration of these measures by the Congress," he said "I 
urge. however. that this be a year of action on all of them so 
that we can move on from Intention to accomplishment in the 
Important needs they address " 

He also moved to protect America 's Wildlife. Congress was 
asked to make It easier for new species to be added to the 
Endangered Wildlife List. Proposed legislation would make it 
a federal offense to kill anv anImal on that list 

Isn 't It absurd to have to have endangered species In the first 
place? Right on Amenca . and nght on . Dick' 

Native Americans 
The UnIted ;-';atlve Amencan student organI1..atlOn was 

formed to bnng Amencan Indian students to thiS campus. as 
well as to assist them In getting through Because of the umque 
problems faC ing most Indian sLUdents who attempt to get an 
educattor espeCially at the unIversity level. the UNA 
organIzat lOn was created to help assist the student In 
overcom ng hiS SOCial and cultural handicaps. 

Ur--iA ~ould like to Increase its connectIOn with the 
Umversl \' commUnIt\' and to make Itself avaIlable In matters 
01 any iature dealtng With the Nallve America n If any 
IndlVldu, Is or departments are Involved In projects or classes 
InvolvInf Nallv~ AmerIcans. or who may be plannIng 
somethll p 01 a mllid' lIatJr ~. thl' U"'A would !(reaLl\ 
apprecla le DeIng Informed about It For additional IOIurmal10n 
contact ton Andradr t ' 'I, A 2.'i0 Me 

It's '72. 
• • 

Sl'nator George McGovern IS the victor In a recent 
Dt'mocrallr preSldenlial prell'renre poll of 1000 students at 
East CarolIna l 'nrvcrslt\ Green,," . r\orth Ca rolina 

So what" 

Page 2 Triton Times February 18, 1972 

Student vote 
Committee to pick new 
Revelle Provost forms 

Kevin Olson 
A committee IS now being 

organized to choose the new 
Provost of Revelle College. 
According to Tom Hull, Dean 
of Students at Revelle, the 
committee will consist of six 
faculty members and students, 
who will interview the various 
candidates and make 
recommendations to the 
Regents for app'lintment. 

possibility that the search will 
be made for someone off-
campus." He pointed out that 
Dr. Sa Itman was appointed 
here from the University of 
Southern California , where he 
had been a professor of • 
biochemistry . 

The opening arose three 
weeks ago when Dr. Paul 
Saltman was promoted to the 
office of vice-<:hancellor of 
academic affairs. Dr. Saltman 
will continue to serve as 
provost, however , until a 
replacement is found . 

Hull stated that the new 
provost could be a faculty 
member. but " there is a strong 

Hull also emphasized that by 
being on the committee, 
students will have a voice in 
picking the new Provost , and 
urged all interested students to 
apply as soon as possible. To be 
eligible, a student must be 
upper-<livision at Revelle and 
have a grade·point average 
above 2.5. Applications for the 
committee may be picked up at 
the Provost 's Office, and must 
be returned by 4 p.m. Tuesday, 
Feb. 22. 

Pedro Castillo 
Speaks at MECHA 

Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

Pedro Castillo. aChicano history professor, was the guest of 
MECHA at its regular weekly meeting in the new International 
Hall . Mr. Castillo is presently involved in the Chicano Studies 
program at U.C. Santa Barbara and is being considered for a 
positIon here at UCSD. 

Mr. Castillo was on campus Tuesday and Wednesday and 
participated in some of the Third World Studies lectures. 

Next, Rick Valdez, EOP recruiter, announced the opening of 
work·study jobs for Chicanos. The job will entail working with 
"pintos" inside the walls of the penal system, Persons 
interested should contact either Rick Valdez or Eric Martinez 
in the EOP offices. third floor Muir 2-D. 

Literature Professor Arturo Madrid announced the visit to 
UCSD of one of Mexico's best short writers Juan Jose Arreola . 
Mr. Arreola is presently a visi ting professor at Berkeley. He 
will be here Wednesday through Friday and will attend the 
weekly MECHA meeting. 

Barbara Reyes. UCSD freshman, gave a brief report on last 
weekend 's PolitIcal Pnsoners Convention in Los Angeles. At 
the event , there was a Chicano Workshop in which Chicanos 
se"rched into their particular problems. At the end , there was 
a call for a Chicano Political prisoners Convention to be held 
this Saturday in Los Angeles . 

AccordIng to the report of the Huelga Committee, the 
UFWOC has mobilized a work·stoppage in response to the 
recent killing of a "campesino" by an emigration officer. The 
"campesino" was shot in the back twice by a Magnum shotgun. 
The incident occurred when the offi cer came to a worker's 
field in search of " illegal aliens ." A worker ran off from the 
officer and was subsequently shot 

The Huelga has been aclive at UCSD for the past four yea rs 
and is still working in conjunction with the community . Mr . 
Vincent d Baca is the chairman. Persons wishing to get 
involved should contact Mr . de Baca at the MECBA office in 
250 Mathews . 

The Huelga is stili accepting food and clothing to help the 
success of the strike against Ghio Farms 

MECHA was visited by students from Chile and after the 
adjournment of the meeting a cultural exchange ensiled. 

MECHA meets every Wednesday at 7:30 p.m In the 
International Hall. The buildIng IS located in between Muir 
College and Third College campuses . All persons interested in 
getting involved with social Issues pertaining to persons of 
MeXican descent are urged to attend . 

Piclure WII I.llen uling . ... limes life lize wilb 
e.mer •• Ilached 10 Cambridge depth of foc • • • t lealt 311 
S4 I c.n.i.g electro. greater tball tbat of • 
mic roscope .t Scripps 's microscope. nil pictare 
Analytical Faclll ty. Tbe likeD wllb a maplflcation 01 
microscope CID magnify up 10 4tOx. 

New Scripps microscope 
open to UCSD students 

Scripps Institute of Oceanography announced this week that 
its new Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM I. a device 
capable of magnifying objects to 200,000 times life size,will be 
made available on a limited basis to qualified undergraduate 
and graduate students at UCSD. 

According to Ellen Flentye. a staff research associate at 
Scripps, the SEM will cost $20 per hour for operation, so that 
"a graduate or undergraduate doing a 199 can use it if he can 
get the money from his professor." The SEM, model 
Cambridge04 , is " equipped with a vacuum evaporator, a 
critical'point dryer. a freeze-dryer, and technical 
assistance. " 

Described as a "new way to make little things look big," tbe 
SEM achieves a depth of focus at least 300 times greater than 
that of the conventional light microscope. It magnifies by 
directing light beams at specimens under investigation and 
produces three-dimensional images which show up on a 
television screen or are recorded photographically on film. 

The SEM is now on exhibit, at the Vaughan Aquarium· 
Museum on the Scripps Campus. Students who are interested in 
using it should contact Miss Flentye at 453·2000. XI665 . 

\\Weather Report Publishing 
Co-op "asks for funding 

A new student organization 
emerged from Monda y 
evening's meeting of the 
Communica tions Board . 
Identifying themselves as "The 
Weather Report Publishing Co· 
op". the group stepped forth 
and presented a " non -
negotiable" budget request of 
$5000. itemizing their needs as 
$2500 for salaries and $2500 for 
miscellaneous. The Comm 
Board, citing a lack 01 funds , 
indicated that they would be 
unable to give full funding to 
the group and suggested that 
they reassess their needs. 

A spokesman for the 
organization , identifying 
himself merely as a "co-equal 
member of the revolutionary 
council ," responded by say ing 
that THE WEATHER 
REPORT was asking for more 
than they expected to receive. 
so that they would have some 
" bargaining leeway " He went 
on to say thai the fledgling 
publication would prove its 
worth by putting out its first 
edition at the equitable cost of 
$8.93. The Publishing Co-op 

said they will put out a weeki) 
edition for the remainder of 
this school year, but added that 
they hope to come out daily by 
nextfall . 

The purpose of th f 
newspaper, as stated in it! 
constitution , will be " to serVf 
the people by publishing i 
paper dedicated to truth anc 
justice." The Revolutionar! 
Council members presen 
revealed a " reciproca 
coopera tion " agreemen 
between the Co-op and the Nell 
Yip. The New Yip is the group 
planning what promises to be 
th e mo s t extens ive 
demonstration at th l! 
summer's Republican Nationa' 
Convention. Membership 01 
the paper is open to all truth 
seeking or truth-knowinf 
citizens of the world . 

The Comm Board voted 
to grant the group nnly"""n .. ' 
recognition pen 
submission of a 
more in line 
regulations. Funding, hnu,,,v,>rU 
will be withheld until the 
can s ubmit a 
reasonable" budget. 

Russ 0 wi 1/ 5 pe a k at ~~ ~LftL2'L ,,,~"Uy m,k", " moo. 
Bill Moltz speaking engagements as time will allow. In this way, he hopes 

Tony Russo. mdlcted With Daniel ElIsberg for releasmg the 
Pentagon Paper . will a ppear in a fUf\d ·raisi n~ benefit for the 
San Dic!(o Convenllon Coali tion at UCSD. " MI1l 1Ouse': a fIlm 
that has been described bv cartoonist Jules Feiffer as a 
" lOpped portrait of Nixon from Voorhis to Vietnam." wi ll also 
be shown FolkSInger RuthlC Gordon Will also perform. The 
benefit wIll be held m USB 2622 atl p.m Sunday . Feb 20 

Russo was working for Rand at the lime of the Pentagon 
Papers leak He was indict d after a secuflly check traced the 
leak to Rand and ultimately Ellsberg and Russo 

Russo feels that government secrecy IS endangenng the 
welfare of the Amencan people. and does not deny that he was 
connected with the Pentagon Papers release Instead. he 
defends the freedom of the pr S5 and the American people 's 
rIght to knov. what their government IS domg Russo IS known 
by hiS assnclates as a man With deep convict ions and strong 

to take his me sage to the American people, he says, so that 
they will better understand why he is being tned. 

Russo's background . prior to the release of the Pentagon 
Papers, IS noteworthy : born IR Virginia, he studied engineefl ng 
at VPI. where he got his degree. He then studied publiC affairs 
at Pflnceton . moved to NASA . and then into his job at Rand 

In 1965. he became part of a research team formed to stud) 
VH:~t('ong morale HIS expenences in Vietnam had a 
tremendous impact on hiS life. After talking with a Vietcong 
propaganda speCialist . Russo decided that the Umted Sta tes ' 
Involvement In Vietnam was detrImental both to the AmerIcan 
people and the people of Vietnam . Because he voiced hiS 
ron ern over the direction of U.S foreign policy, he wa s never 
part of the "inner sanctum" at Rand 

The an Diego Convention Coalition, which is sponsoring the 
benefit. IS attemptIng to generate opposition to the present 
poliCies of the U.S government. 

IN PRAISE OF THE 
BLACK WOMAN 

By Tomm y Calimee 
While there has been much discussion centered around 

women's liberation activist Gloria Steinem in THE TRITON 
TIMES, another segment of women deserve discussion as well 
as praise : that is, the BLACK WOMAN. 

As a pa rt of the Black Consciousness Month festivities being 
held in San Diego on Friday , Feb. II , the black women from the 
UCSD campus presented a beautiful and unforgettable 
educational program. It was during this time that they refuted 
much of what Gloria Steinem had to say three weeks ago in the 
Revelle cafeteria . Not only did they indirectly refute Steinem's 
rhetoric, but concretely showed that black women must stick 
beside their black men, and do not have the time to be running 
around shouting, "womens liberation now." 

The program was based on every facet of life that black 
women have participated in and continue to participate in 
today. They produced reflections of black women during 
slavery by reliving the life of Harriet Tubman (an underground 
railroad leader. ) through her speeches. A well-done skit 
actuallj showed how black women perform in the church. A 
modern da nce was danced to a Nina Simone great entitled, 
"Four Women." Speeches of Angela Davis were presented, 
reflecting her contri butions as a black woman. More skits and 
more speeches constituted the program. Yes, it was ~n 
enlightening afternoon. 

Regardless of what Gloria Steinem has to say about 
"women," she is definitely in no kind of position to speak, or to 
attempt to represent the thinking of black women anywhere in 
the world . A put-down, no, a realistic phenomena . The latter 
can be stated as a truth, for if it was not, one can surely 
question the number of black women presently in the ranks of 
the Womens Liberation Movement, and the number of black 
women who came to hear Steinem speak at UCSD. 

While it may appear that the above paragraph is some kind 
of foolish rhetoric , it is necessary to understand the role of 
black women in this particular society. 

While I did not attend Gloria Steinem 's recent speaking 
engagement, I base my discussion on my association with 
black women on this campus and in the black community 

I disagree with Gloria Steinem because I believe that black 
women have another role to play in their liberation movement. 
Their role is one of dynamics, in terms of being leaders with a 

On Thursday, Feb. 10, 
an incident occured 
between myself, two 
companions, and the 
officers of the San Diego 
Pol ice, North County 
Sub-division . TtIe events 
lead one to an interesting 
v iew of the present state 
of police consciousness! 
readiness in San Diego, 
especially in terms of the 
c oming Rep u b lic a n 
Convention. 

NOTES ON A SPECIFIC CASE 
OF POLICE HARASSMENT 

city are affected with a 
bizarre paranO i a ! 
bloodlust . They bE li eve 
impliCitly in the media's 
image of the pol ice itS an 
embatt led frater ni ty, 
weeping widows and 
parking-lot bombs ad 
nauseum . In truth , 
however, is that nothing 
has happened as yet in 
San Diego . The Ocean 
Beac h riots and 
ghetto /barrio act ion 
have been back-seat 
gropings for cops whose 
brothers in the Bay Area 
and Los Angeles have 
lost their virginity in 
royal fashion . One might 
suspect that night-riding 
serves as a possible 
outlet for this 
frustration . The officers 
feel a great need to 
protect themselves and 
their families . I am 
aware that, if my film 
had indeed contained 
shots of officers ' license 
plates, I might expect 

J\y AllanSekula 

Having parked our ca r 
in the public lot ad jace nt 
to the SDPD Sub-d ivi sion 
Headq u a r te rs on 
G e nesee Ave., we were 
wa lking a long t he public 
sidewa lk in front of the 
building . I was carrying 
a ca m era in a closed 
le a ther case . 
I mmed iate ly we were 
accosted by two officers 
who jumped out of their 
patrol car and told me I 
could be arrested for 
taking pictures of 
unmarked and!or 

private police cars , My 
ca mera had not left its 
ca sej I had at all times 
been on pu blic property . 
N evertheless, the 
off icer s questioning took 
a manic turn. In their 
pa ramilitary zeal they 
bega n to make a series of 
bizarre threats : " 
touch my private car and 
I'll kill you ... walk past 
the front of my house and 
I'll blow you r head off ... 
we don't bother your 
University, don't come 
sneaking around our 
station ... we read the 
CRAZY TIMES, we know 
you hate cops ". are you 
a friend of Jerry 
Rubin 's?" 

We were taken inside 
the substation and 

sound program to offer to their communities, possessIOn of 
African personalities, coming closer to the home instead of 
drifting away as Steinem proposes. perpetuating leadership in 
the minds of black children and perpetuating Afncan 
personalities in black men . At this point, Gloria Steinem 
becomes irrelevant to the role of black women, for those are 
things she will never be able to grasp. From what I gather 
reading her writings, she will never comprehend the need for 
unity in the black family, not the least bit . 

Black poet Sister Nikki Giovanni says. " Black love is black 
wealth." In essence, I would interpret this quote by saying that 
black women and black men have no time to diVide themselves 
through garbled rhetoric, but they should strive for mutual 
participation and harmonious love by any means necessary. 
Granted, and all credit due, Steinem's efforts for equal rights 
for all women is a move that no man should deny. But tactics to 
alienate black women from black men, especially at a lime 
when this kind of togetherness is so vital to our survival as a 
people cannot be tolerated. I stand as an advocate agaInst a so-
called women's liberation movement, if that is the motIve. 

To shorten this discussion , it would probably be wise to 
approach a black woman for yourself to see what she has to 
say . I have . 

questioned for more than 
an hour. My friend's car 
keys were taken, his car 
illegally searched. We 
were photog r a phed . 
Without arresting me, or 
giving cause for arrest, 
the officers impounded 
my camera, refusing to 
give me a receipt for my 
film . With a lawyers 
help, I recovered 
camera-minus-film the 
next day. The police are 
developing my film for 
me, "in case there is 
evidence of conspiracy ." 

One can draw several 
conclusions from this 
incident, none too 
surprising in light of 
previous cases of police 
harassment . 

One-The police in this 

triton 
Ed itur-i n-Chit,r 
UI\ Editor 

\la'nallin~ Etlitor 
CtlJlI Editor 
Hu.int'" \lanallt'r 
Edituriall)irrl'tur 
\rl, Edittlr 
.· pmt. Editor 
PhutHllrallhl Editur 

CODtiuued on Page 11 

tilDes 
\Iul" 1''' in 

lIa\ it! Buchhintlt-r 
(.a111l "harit·1. 
('hut,~ (,raham 

Tt,rf' Baral. 
\lad.: ie~al 
Larril' Hi l·I..·, 

\Iikt· ll alh 
Jut· b.tt'rn 

u'e TAlTON liMES ., otl,(,olly 'ttOgr'llltd ol'ld \\,Ippofltd 0\ 0 ~tudt1'tt 
"fw\poper b., lne ComfT'unl(OI,Ot'l\ Boord ol,fo,e l"n ~r\"., 01 (o~IOfnIO 
San D'ego B'oJoid'"g '250 Mo,..,e .... ' CO"'c",,~ lo Jollo COHlortllQ 97CJl 
P\#bl'(o tl0n ,~tw.( f wtt~ y eln Tut , aay\ a"d friday .. Otf,(t\ 0" 'O<.oltd 
.n room \1 7 810kf Holl 01"1 the Revf'le Cal'T"p",,) for odverl ~,"'g p"on~ 
",53-2000. X 1017 lor tOITor,ol or t'f .... \ pkore 1. 10 6 

"with a little help from our friends" 
The Triton Times News Deportment is under what one might consider 

new management. In order to focilitate on im provement in the news 
department though, more is needed than just a new body . If we are to 
improve, we ian only do it with help , and that means you . l isted below 
are a number of areos in which we need reporters. If ony interest you , 
or if we have inadvertently left ony off, come to the TT office at Blake 
Hall on Tuesday, February 22 at 3 pm . 

Areas of Interest: 
Revelle College 
Muir College 
Third College 
A.S. 

The Triton Times should be everybody's paper, but it can't be done 
without help and cooperation . Scripps 

Medical School 
Science 

Remember-
3 pm Tuesday , February 22 at 
the TT office meeting for all 
present news writers and 
interested writers. 

..... \~\\ ..... 
soft 

clingy dresses 
& tops ... 

The University and the Community 
Science 
Lecturers and Special Events 
Features 
The Republican Convention 
And so forth and so on ... 

Discover the World on Your 
SEMESTER AT SEA 
Sai ls each September & February 
Comb ine accredited study With 
educat io nal stops in Africa , Aus· 
tralas ia and the Orient. Over 5000 
students from 450 campuses have 
already experienced thiS Interna· 
tional program. A wide range of 
financial aid IS available. Write 
now for tree catalog: 

Box CC12, Orange, Cal . 92666 

ntltlllllllllllllltlllllItItltIIMNII .. IIllllItIIllHllllllllllltlttll .. ll_tlll! CASA DEL PONCHO ~ IMPORTS I 
I BLOUSES, PONCHOS, SHIRTS, i I DRESSES, & CiIFTS • 
• "-. f.vador. '.,U I 

11.1 .... GUG, . ... 10 Ii 
M.lnca, 'ok". '", -

, ... ~.., I 
5521 La Jolla Blvd . ( S irt Rock area) 1-

" Open 10: 30 - 5: 30" 
41:"'" I' 

.,;, 7 U I I 
ItHlltltltlltlhlltlttHIIIHIHIlllItIlllItlIIllHlItItUIlIIllIlIllIIlItItlIItll ... I_ 

Triton Times Februa ry 18, 1972 Poge 3 

e 

fl 
L 

<I 



- .' 

ON BLACK CONSCIOUSNESS 
by Harvey Sherman 

Editor: 
I fou l,d out about Black Consciousness Month because I 

wanted to learn more about Black culture. I attended the 
activilifs both Friday and Saturday nights. Both programs 
were e'(cellent and not only entertaining but also very 
in fonnative. 

The rr,ajor problem with the programs was that 1 happened 
to be thE' only white who attended either event. If people on this 
campus are really interested in trying to relate to Blacks, I 
would expect them to be interested in attending any event from 
which they could learn more about Blacks and Black culture. 

On Saturday night, I was told by a Black that the seat I was 
sitting in was saved. After a brief discussion with him. I got up 
and moved to another seat. He told me that seat was also 
saved. I asked him if there was any seat that wasn 't saved, and 
he then directed me to a seat in the very back row and told me, 
"This is your seat, boy ." At this point. everyone there started 
to laugh. 

At the intermission, I was told by two other Blacks that the 
event was a closed meeting and that I wasn't invited, so I 
should leave. I told them I had understood that the events were 
open to the public , to which they replied. "but you 've got the 
wrong colored skin. white boy." I tried to reason with them, 
but was told over and over, "Get out, now!" 

Student Course Evaluation 
by Mickey Ri chard on 

How many times have you 
signed up for a course which 
you thought would be 
interestmg, or for a professor 
whom yo u thought was 
effective. and instead found it 
bormg. or that it reqUIred 
much more tIme than you 
thought? 

How many times have you 
found out from your friends, 
around fmals. that there was a 
really good course whIch you 
dIdn 't sIgn up for because one 
person told you it was bad ? A 
student cour e evaluation that 
was publIshed at the begmmng 
of each Quarter. for all 
students. would help solve 
these two problems 

Also. have you noticed that 
the Faculty Senate decIded to 
use student course evaluations 
for their own purposes 
(promotIOns. tenure), but 
demanded that all evaluatIon 
In forma tlOn be kept secret 
from students. even those who 
might want to take the course 
In the future' 

CI.1rLL '00,," . Ol 'J. 
(l,",o_ c,.,~, I..u(.fC.'1; 1""L..4 

A Faculty Senate-run 
evaluation is therefore useless. 
because it denies students the 
combined opinion of fellow 
students, who have already 
taken the course. on those 
courses and professors which 
the students will later consider 
taking. 

A student-ru n course 
evaluation would publish all 
evaluation information. thus 
helpmg students in course, and . 
for required courses, professor 
selectIon. Such a student-run 
opera tlon would bypass the 
secrec presently Imposed by 
the Facultv Senate and various 
depa rtmerits. 

UCSD IS one of the few UC 
campuses whIch doesn 't 
publIsh a student evaluation of 
all Its courses . Student 
committees at Berkeley. UCLA 
and UC Irvine all publish the 
results of student-run. student-
answered course evaluations 
Several UCSD departments do 
admmlster course evaluatIOns. 
but refuse to make thiS 

Page 4 T ritan Times Februa ry 18, 1972 

I could have felt great anger after these two incidents, but 
instead I realized that I was being subjected to the same type 
of racism that Blacks have been, and are still experiencing .. I 
realize Blacks have to face these kinds of experiences almost 
every time they walk off campus, and that for them these 
aren't just isolated incidents, but a part of their lives. 

I feel the two individuals who threw me out of the meeting 
bad no right to try and represent the feelings of all the Blacks 
on this campus. 

I feel that I learned a great deal from both incidents , lessons 
I could never have learned in any classroom. 

I hope that Blacks are more receptive to whites who come to 
the remaining events of Black Consciousness Month . I would 
like to be treated as a person, one who is interested in Black 
problems and Black culture, and not just as a white . 

J feel the Black Consciousness Festivities provide us all with 
not only the opportunity to learn more about Blacks, but even 
more importantly, it serves as an excellent opportunity to 
meet and talk with Blacks. I had several very pleasant talks 
with some of the people both nights. Unfortunately I also had a 
couple of unpleasantexperiences, yet the positive experiences 
far outweighed the few unfortunate incidents. 

I would like to encourage everyone to attend as many of the 
remaining events as they possibly can. The things you will 
learn could possibly be the most important lessons of your 
college education. 

infonnation public. Are the 
results so poor that the faculty 
is hesitant about publishing 
them ? Or hav e t hese 
departments just not bothered 
to help inform students about 
what 's in store for them, once 
they 're in the course? 

The only way the problem of 
course evaluation can be solved 
so that the students of UCSD 
benefit directly is for a student 
group to administer a 
standardized Questionnaire to 
all students in all courses at the 
last course meeting. and to 
publish the results for all 
students to see and use at the 
beginning of the next quarter . 

Robert Caroll 's recent 
crillcism of student course 
evaluation in the TRITON 
TIMES appears to cast doubt 
on students' ability to evaluate 
courses. We would hope , 
however. that students WOUld , 
at the end of a course . be able 
to answer such Questions as " J 
spent ( X ) (" much more." 
" more". "about the same." 
"less." "much less") time on 
this course than J have on other 
courses. " and a Iso " I lea rned 
( X ) lsame scale as above ) In 
this course than in other 
courses 

Harvey Sherman 
In further reply to Robert's 

criticism, one would ask who 
but the students who have 
taken a course. are in any 
position to evaluate that course 
and professor? How else are 
other students going to find out 
how much reading there really 
is in a course. how hard the 
professor works the students, 
and how effective that 
professor and course materials 
are in teaching students 
something? 

The last question is this : Why 
haven't students taken the 
action to decide which 
Questions should appear on the 
standardized course evaluation 
sheet , administered the 
questionnaire. and published 
the results? 

If you are interested in 
carrying this out there will be 
a general meeting Wednesday, 
Feb. 23. in the Students' 
Educa tional Change and 
Development Center Office . 
South lower Muir Commons at 
3 p.m. If you are unable to 
attend the general meeting but 
are Interested. pro or con. drop 
by any time. 

Letters to the 
Editor 

RA W CURIOSITY 
EdItors 

Out of cunouSlty I called the 
numb er give n In the 
advertIsement for female nude 
models . It was exactly what I 
thought it would be. The people 
who put the ad In the paper 
(which also has been appearing 
in the San Diego State Aztec ) 
are lookIng for women who 
want to " model " for paymg 
"photographers" in a local 
voyeur salon What a Joke .... 
Not too long ago Time 
magazIne printed an artIcle 
about the success of such 
" photography sa lons " In 
college towns . Seems there are 
al wavs students who need the 
money' " ScxplOitation in the 
raw and agam the loca l 
capitalIsts get It on wah the 
freaks 

MJ Mann 
Revelle College. La Major 

F 
E 
I 
F 
F 
E 
R 

SOHHIH6S r fHlllK'" . 

WHAT A RWfF TO 
~SCAPe AU, !HIS 
A./JO ttT H ltD. 

; AM f{A.RRI£r? 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

459-7355 

If you Ihlnk all condom. are alike, 
send for our illustrated brochure 
which describes the dllferent 
Iypes of condoms that are ayail-
able ... not only the well-known 
Trojan. but also lorm-fitted mod-
els. lubricated and dry condoms. 
and " skins" made 01 sensitive 
animal membrane. 
II yo~ would like to sample some 
o' these modern condoms for 
youraell, lend Just $3 for a full 
dozen o. them-3 quarter-dozen 
packetl of 4 leading brands. We'll 
eend them to you In a plain pack-
age to protect your prlyacy and 
Incl~de the brochure .. well . Yo~r 
money back If not delighted I 

MAIL COUPON "OW! 
----------, 

1 "",.tI.~ PI_til II*I.t" I 1 05 II'"" CtI •• _I'J ..,l ([ 1 1 C-.,.. Hili, N.C. 27D14 
1 Pi ...... III m. I. pl,'. paekll': 1 
1 0 Sa .. ,,, pack .f 12 •• sorted con- I iIOml- tII .... ach ., tour bl.nd.- plUS 1 lIIu.lroted brochuro- $3 I 
1 0 lII .. t"t" brochul. ""y, 2~ I 

1"- I I I I Mol".. I 
I CIty StIle I 
I z. I 
I E 151 

~1..!"~~...!'.l"I.!.. ___ J 

directed by 
floyd gaffney 

and starring 
• • • nIJI savage 
and 

tom mccorry 
as 

the brothers ... 

... Athol Fugard's "The Bloodknot" explores the 
relationship of black siblings in South Africa ... 

Tension between siblings is often enough of a prohlem to 
disorder a life , but wben tbis teDsion is further complicated by 
racial differeDce, problems can snowball and become 
magnified to where, like the deferred dream of Langston 
Hughes, tbey caD fester and then explode. Tonigbt and Sunday 
night, Atbol Fugard 's timely play, "The Bloodknot ," will be 
performed at the UCSD Theatre on Matthews campus. The 
play explores the blood and friendsbip ties hetween two hall-
brothers. 

Tbe brothers share the same black mother, but one was 
fa tbered by a black mao, the otber was fathered by a white 
man. The siblings live in apartbeided South Africa and must 
always face tbe preliminary inequality : one is light-skinned. 
ODe is dark-skinDed. 

Tbe realtionship between tbe brothers is somewhat 
reminiscent of tbe varying master-slave existence of Vladimir 
and Estragon in Beckelt 's " Godot." But , with this added 
dimension of tbe color variation, the brothers face a constant 
reevaluation of themselves in relation to their environment : 
Does dressing like a white make one act like a white? Does 
holding a demeaning job cause one to demean themselves? 

The play was wrilten by Soutb African Athol Fugard, and 
was first produced in South Africa in 1961, wbere many 
accurately predicted that the piece's timeliness would bring it 
world-wide audiences. A veritable milestone for tbe South 
African Theatre, "The Bloodknot" brought all tbe problems of 
being a black in South Africa (as well as alltbe inconsistencies 
in life that a wbite faces in Soutb Africa) to the surface, rather 
tban biding the problems under a prelty facade. 

"The Bloodknot" has a curtain time of 8 p.m. both thi s 
evening and tbe evening of Feb. 20. General admission is $2. 
student admission is $1. 

Starring in the play are Tom McCorry and Ni ji Savage a tbe 
brothers. The play is directed by UCSD drama professor Floyd 
Gaffney . 

Can dreams be deferred without the ultimate explosion? Is 
tbe tit of blood more important than tbe otber problems faced 
by two siblings? Come see " The Bloodknot " and see wbether 
tbe final resolution can be made. 

Triton Times February 18, 1972 Page 5 



-I 

Vision: Experimental Film 
Selection Screens 

ew ideas really aren 't so rare ; artists keep the public in 
co,lStant supply. Keeping the product of the idea as fresh as its 
beginnings proposes the greatest challenge to the artist, and he 
must be an innovator. Tonight in USB 2722 a collection of 
painstakingly innovative films will be shown with emphasis on 
the medium. The showings are at 7 and 10, and for those who 
don't like surprises the following list will fill in the void . 

" Breakaway": Bruce Conner SF ('66-67 ) 
Vocal and choreography by Antonia Christma Basllotta . 

Music by Ed Cobb. 
"Conner, a San Francisco rilmmaker, a sculptor and painter 

whose work is in major galleries, has been a great influence on 
other filmmakers , who have copied his methods without 
equalling his results." - Richard Whitehall, Long Beach 
Museum of Art. His films include "Cosmic Ray" ('SI L " A 
Movie" (58), "Report" ('63-F) and " Looking for Mushrooms " 
('SI-F) . 
" Turn Turn Turn": Jud Yalkut NY (I965~) 

"Sound by USCO. A kinetic alchemy of the light and 
electronic works of Nicolas Schoffer, Julio Le Pare, USCO, and 
Nam June Paik. An experiment in McLuhan 's 'the medium is 
the message.''' - J.Y. 

"".this sensuous sea of color, mollon and light that seems to 
surround us completely and we swim in it almost bodily and it 
is like going through the most fantasllc dream. " - Jonas 
Mekas 

Jud Yalkut 
In 1965 Yalkut became the resident rilmmaker for the 

multimedia performance group. USCO. at their commune m 
Garnerville, New York . Since that time he has worked on manv 
types of pieces utilizing cinema . In 1966 he began workmg with 

am June Paik on a series of films usmg Nam June's video 
pieces as the source material. 

"" .an ultrasensitive manipulation of formal elements in 
space and I1me. A filmmaker first and intermedia artist 
second, Valkut displays a sense of control and orchestratIOn 
that is the result of workmg closely with superimposillons with 
the film frame" - Gene Youngblood 
"Superspread". Robert elson. San FranCISCo 1967 

About thiS him he writes. "While Bill Wiley and I were 
workmg on 'Blondino·. Bill Graham gave a 'Blondmo' beneht 
at the Fillmore to raise scufflmg funds for us That night at the 
Fillmore , Jack Fulton and I did a hght show With a lot of him 
loops and slides . A couple of months later. a gallery in 
Sausahto wanted me to do a special hght show. It was to be 
presented in a garden behind the gallery . Jack Fulton and Fred 
Roth helped me prepare It We shot a lot of movie film and 
shdes and hned the roof of the gallery with various kmds of 
projectors Someone else bUilt a big screen along the conlour of 
a hill behmd the garden 

. On the mght before the performance everythmg was ready 
and we had a successful rehearsal The tape mUSIc the 
lrOjectors the screen everything I'orked fme The next 
light the place wa~ packed Evervone was jammed mto the 
~a rden Jack Fred and I I'ere on thl' roof When we were 
'eady to go. we threw the \I'ltchps and everythmg went black 
\11 those folks were jammed against one another In the plt t h 
1ark 

' Jack Fred and [ sat quwtlv on the roof for an hour whll an 
.Jc"tn~!3" tro..n 10 find the troublE' Jack Fred and J packed up 
jur equipment bv the light 01 onf' ild,hl:;:~t ''ld stored it In the 
~allrrv Thl' nl'xt mormng Wf' pICked It up but never returned 
19am 

, A few weeks later Jack and I refilmed somt' of the muillple 
sc reen Images m the basement of the SF Art Insli tute 
. uperspread . IS made up of all the Visual material from the 

light show plus the material we relilmed 
" For the sound track I uSl'd a tape that the Grateful Dead 

gave me that was made one mght at a big house on Belvedere 
Street where we a 11 got stoned together . " 

Poge 6 Triton Times February 18, 1972 
~ ~ 

Robert Nelsoa - bora 1'30, SaD Francisco 
Nl'lson graduated from San Francisco State College and 

studied painting at the San Francisco Art Institute and Mills 
College. He taught painting at San Quentin Prison, film at the 
San Francisco Art Institute and now teaches film at Cal-Arts in 
Valencia. Concerning his entrance into film in 1963 he writes, 
" Bill Wiley, Ron Davis (founder of the San Francisco Mime 
Troupe) , Robert Hudson and myself got excited about the idea 
of making together. I had made two home movies before this 
time using a borrowed camera, so I was the technical expert. 
None of us knew anything about making movies at that time, 
b~t we all. knew about art (namely, that it had something to do 
With havmg a good I1me) . "Out of this came " Plastic 
Haircut. " Other films of Nelson's include "Oh Oem 
Watermelons," "Confessions of a Black Mother Succuba," 
"Thick Pucker," "The Great Blondino," " Hot Leatherette," 
and "The Greatful Dead." 

"Now That tbe Buffalo's Gone": BUnoD Gersbfield, Los 
ADgeles 1868 

Noted for its use of stroboscopic and color-reversal modes as 
means for entering/inducing emolional spaces 
photokinetically . Finalist in Third Nat'!. Student Film 
Festival. Made at UCLA. " Inauguration of the Pleasure 
Dome: Sacred Mushroom Edition" Kenneth Anger. Filmed in 
Hollywood 1954, recut in London 1966. 

A mythopoetic film inspired by the neopagan rituals of 
Alistair Crowley. "Lord Shiva wakes . A convocation of 
Theurgists in the guise of figures from mythology ; a magic 
masquerade party at which Pan is the prize. The wine of 
Hecate is poured : Pan's cup is poisoned by Shiva. Kali blesses 
the assembly as a bacchic rite ensues." - Kenneth Anger . " A 
highly ingenious Chinese torment!" - Cocteau 

Three versions of "Inauguration" have been made. The first 
was a standard single screen film . The second, which won the 
" L'Age d'Or" Award at the 1958 Brussels International 
Experimental Film Festival , was an early multiple screen 
event for three synchronous projectors. The third , being shown 
tonight, was re-edited in London after Anger received a film-
maker's grant from the Ford Foundation . It is calculated by 
him to be experienced in a psychedelic state. The cast includes 
Anais Nin as Astarte . 

KeDDeth Anger - born 1932, Santa Monica. 
Raised in Hollywood. Anger appeared in several films as a 

baby and began making hiS own films when he was nine. HIS 
works include " Fireworks" ('47 ), "Scorpio Rising" ('63) . 
" Invocation of my Demon Brother" (·S9 ). In 1969 he was 
awarded the Tenth Independent Film Award by the journal 
" Film Culture" with them stating. " "for his fusion of magic, 
symbolism. myth , mystery. and viSIOn with the most modern 
sensibililles, techniques , and rhythms of being , for giving to 
our eye and our sense some of the most sensuous and 
mysterious images cinema has created ; for being the Keeper 
of the Art of Cinema as well as the Keeper of the Eternal 
Magic Directions." 

His films include " Kusama 's Self Obliteration" ('67 ). " P+ 
A-I (K)." (,SH I. "Beatles Electronics" ('66-'69 1 and 
" Electronic Moon No. 2" ('69 ). His pieces, " Dream Reel " and 
·'Paikpleces.'· 

" The Color 01 Ritual, The Color of Tougbt": Storm De Hirch. 
ThiS film is a trilogy consisti ng of " Divinations. "Shaman," 

and "Peyote Queen." "DivinatIOns" (64 ): " Delicately wrought 
fantaSies combining photographed and brilliantly hand-painted 
objects and abstractions" - Ken Kelman, 'The Nation' " One 
of the best hlms of 1964" - P. Adams Sitney. The Village 
Voice. "Shaman." A Tapestry for Sorcerers (1967 ); 
" Dedicated to all the magic makers of the world who weave a 
talisman for man 's rebirth In his house of breath" - S.D.H. 
" Peyote Queen" (l96.'i ) : " A very beautiful work ... the 
abstractions drawn directly on the film are like the paintings of 
Mlro moving at full speed to the rhythm of an African beat."-
Dominique Noguez. La Nouvelle Revue Francaise. Spoleto 
Feshval . 1966. U of Toledo Arts Festival 1965. 

" Dress warmly when you take this trip . watch the weather In 
your soul. In this lunar month you can push your ear against the 
air. listen to the boom of earth curled lireless and pounding In 
Its shell You can turn a half arc in the sky. see quicksilver 
drippmg from a star hung upside down. a flaming cross. a 
floating moth drowned in bursting chips of light." - S.D.H. 

arts 

The trilogy received The Johannes Keppler Award 
Eccentricity of Orbit Around a Star. San Joaqum Delta 
Film Festival. 1968. Film As Art entry at San Francisco FII 
Feshval. l968 

Storm De Hirch: Poet/filmmaker. 
In 1968. The American Film Institute awarded De Hirsch a 

Independent Film-maker 's Grant. He is the author of .. All 
Lulleh Cockatoo & Other Poems," "Twilight Massacre," a 
"The Shape of Change." His films include ' "Goodbye in t 
Mirror" ('640. "Cayuga Run " ('S7 ), "The Tattooed Man" I'S9 
"The Face": Herbert Kosower. 

Based on the original engravings of Piero Fornasettl , th 
film deals with the premise that ideas lead to ideas. Award 
Newton College of the Sacred Heart, 1967 . New York An 
Arbor Festival , 1967 ; recipient of the Jack Valenti and Jud lt 
Crist Awards: San Francisco Museum of Art. 1967. 

Herbert Kosower - painter l lilmmaker 
A graduate of the UCLA film school. Kolower received h 

Masters' degree in cmema at USC. In 1958 he was awarded 
Fulbright Grant to study film in France where he attended ti 
InsUtut de Filmologie at the Sorbonne. He was the president 
the ASIFA/West (International Association of Animated Fit 
makers l. 1967-8 . 

"Reyerberation": Ernie Gebr 
" Reverberation " is a textured slowing. hollowing a 

placing 1't1e sound-image relationship is one of the mo_ 
intense I've ever expenenced the sound has a mass . It 
conllnuous. rough-edged . This thick black-and-white f1eckingl 
equalled by a rocky grainy image lof bas-relief not of planes 
roundedness ) An equation of tone and hght IS hinted at 
constant transformations. Moments. movements are 5101\'0. 
weighty . solemn yet the fllm IS beautiful However. one Sl'[ 
and hears the whirling atoms benea th the Images of Slre l'l) 
buildmgs. people These images conslltute a story. a portra it. 
looking at. a making of a film of a fnend and his fnend bv the 
fnend ." - Michael Snow Honorable menllon. Maryland FII 
Festival Three. 1969. Archive collection. . Antholo 
Cmema/Fllm Museum of New York 

" Gehr IS most certainly the current master of a certalll kin 
of light I exposure I and texture which relates somehow to bo' 
the chenllcal materials of the film . and the act of seeing a. 
kind of 'chemlcal and hre' actIOn of the bram He seems to n 
the best of the mdependent film ·makers under thlrtv . a 
" Reverberation." perhaps hi strongest him . Simply must 
seen by anyone With a serious Interest In the independent hi 
movement. " - Richard Foreman 

His other works include " Wait" ('68 ), " History" ('70), a 
"Serene Velocity " ('701. 

the 
Lysistrata and 

Comedy of Errors 
UCSD Theatre Presentation 

Aristophanes ' LYSISTRATA 
Lysistrata ... .. .. .. ....... Windy Williams 
Kalonike ....... .. .... .. Kathy Callaghan 
Myrrhine .. . .. Kathy Haddock 
Lamplto . . ........... Beverly Masterson 
Boiothian Woman .. Leslie Kienholz 
Korinthian Girl .......... Christlna Brown 
Commissioner .. .... .... . . Payton Turpin 
Klneslas . . . . ....... . . .. ..... Erik Leipnik 
Spartan Herald ....•.......... David Reed 
Child ..................... Julia Thompson 
Peace. . .............. . .... Marta Puente 
Mu iClans .................... Mindy Scott 

Mari Blackburn 
Jay Naliboff 

Music .. .. ................... Mmdy Scott 
Costumes ........... . ... Beverly Masterson 

David Schilpp 
Director . . . . . . . . . . . .. . ... Eric Christmas 

Shakespeare 's THE COMEDY OF ERRORS 
Egeon ..... , ......... . . ... . . .Ron Shapiro 
Solinus. Duke of Ephesus . .. Ned Newman 
Antipholus of Ephesus ........ David Schilpp 
Antipholus of Syracuse ... .. Steven Nogarr 
Dromlo of Ephesus . .......... Mike Carroll 
Dromlo of Syracuse John Greenleaf 
Balthasar .. . . . .. ... . ... Erik Leipnik 
Angelo . . .......... . ....... Larry Deckel 
1st Merchant ....... . . Richard Anderson 
2nd Merchant .. Payton Turpin 
Adriana .. ... Kim Alexander 
Luciana ............... Sally Sandermann 
Courtesan . .... . ........ Diane Nagasaka 
Messenger .. .. .... .. Mindy Scott 
Emilia .... ........ .. Tina Deane 
Officers . . . . . .. ...... . Mark Sanders 

MUSICians 

MUSIC 
Costumes 
Director 

Mark Elson 
Bennett McClellan 

Mark Elson 
Jav ahboff 
Bruce Baron 
Mark Elson 

. . .. .. .. . .. Sally Sandermann 
Enc Christmas 

Can women end a long war by refusmg to 
sleep With their men so long as they persist 
in fighting? If the young ladles who paraded 
m front of us on Wednesday mght were any 
mdlcatlon of how the wives of the ancient 
Hellenic world looked, th ansl'er IS an 
unqualilied "yes ." 

Artstophanes' " Lyslstrata" IS a 
combination of horse-play and innuendo . a 
war between sexes or about female 
Insurgency for effective pacifism. The play , 
though widely known . doesn't get aired 
enough I the last major production was m 
New York . 1946, With a then you ng-fledglmg 
actor . Sidney POltler, m one of the leadmg 
roles ) and It IS a pity that It doesn ·t, for the 
obvious relevancy of its theme( s 1 for our 
times. On the other hand , being [air about it. 
the play IS one of the weakest as far as the 
ancient Greeks go , great playwrights that 
they were ThiS parlicular one " suffers from 
a lack of development and vanety to make It 
fully holding for modern audiences." as 
Howard Barnes put It some lime ago . But 
nevertheless. ArlStophanes was a great Wit. 
and it is to Mr. Christmas ' credit tbat that 
wit shines throughout the play. His directIOn 
is superb and he gets good performances 
from his leading players 

Windy Williams plays Lysistrata with the 
charm and the flghtmg spint of a Gloria 
Steinem of ancient Athens. Kathy Ca llaghan 
as Kalonike was not only decorative but 
enllrely convlncmg ; she played the part With 
warmth and utmost femlOinity A stageful of 
excellent actors. notably Beverly Masterson 
as Lamplto, gave them nch and JUdiCIOUS 
support 

Our only bone to pick with Mr ChrIstmas 
is the entrance of "Peace." The scene looked 
utterly synthetic. There must be a different 
way to make a pomt. beSides brmgmg 10 a 
Christlike figure in a black robe. complete 
with thorns and all But what the hell . the 
figure disrobes and turns out to be a lovelv 
young lady. and thiS turns out to a very 
enjoyable production mdeed 

Shakespeare's "The Comedv of Errors .. 
better known. I am sure. to sOme of you as 
" The Boys from Syracuse." IS a little farce 
about twin brothers and their twm servants. 
and all the Wild confUSIOn that goes With It. It 
is staged for all Its worth by Mr ChTIStmas 
- and he comes through agam He IS 
excellent at handling attractive characters 
in cheerfully Idiotic situations 

Adnna IS played With delicacy and fire. if 
With a little bit of self-conSCiousness. bl' Kim 
Alexander Tina Deane as Emilia exudes 
charm and manages credlblhty to a great 
extent. C . d P ontlnue OD age II 

Possibilities themselves m the true form. Why a name like ALICE COOPER? Alice explains: " People are really three equal 
parts - male. for strength ; female . for wisdom ; and child. for 
faith ." Their music is strong, electrOniC and drlvmg. Their 
act : Pigeons. chickens, feathers. watermelons. gallows, 
liPStick, eye shadow and - MUSIC. Seemg Will be believmg 
and understanding the antics of thiS unbelievable performance. 

Anomal y Factory 
" M.N.X .... the Anomaly Factory 's latest production, enters 

the fifth week of its seven-week run this Friday and Saturday. 
The original work was created earher this year by the 
company after much experimentation with lighting, sound and 
various performance techniques. Rather than try to describe 
the performance (which is more a series of images than a 
conventional play) , we suggest that you go see itfor yourself. 

Performances are every Friday and Saturday at 8:30 p.m. at 
the Factory BUilding 257 Matthews campus. Only six more 
performances will be given this quarter. Tickets are available 
at the Urey Hall Box Office or at the door. For reservations 
call 453-2000, X1J95 . 

Red Balloon Flies Sunday 
The Day Care center is sponsonng a performance of the 

film. "The Red Balloon. :' on Saturday. Feb. 19 at 10 a.m and 1 
p.m. A 50¢ admission will be charged. 

Dr. !\!esm er Reincarnation ? 
Dr . Michael Dean . the only hypnoti t m show business With a 

Ph.d. will do his hypnosis show in Revelle cafeteria at 8 pm . 
The performance is free . 

Seminar ll'ith \\ 'ilton Krogman 
People Interested In participating In semmars With Dr 

Krogman may contact the Student Activities Office Dr 
Krogman Will be available for diSCUSSIOns Feb 23-25 

Alic(~ Cooper 
ALICE COOPER. Third G neratlon Rock. will appear in 

concert althe Commumty oncourse ConventIOn Hall . Sunday. 
Feb 20. 1972 Also appeanng Will be BADFINGER and PURE 
PRAIRIE LEAG UE. Show time IS 7 pm 

ALICE COOPER group IS only SIX years old . but the Idea to 
form the group has been around for qUite some time The 
leader. Alice Cooper. sayS that teleVISion is the main force 
behind his formmg the group TeleVision IS the newest media in 
which people keep abreast of current affairs. whether good. 
bad, vulgar or beautiful. ALICE COOPER IS not just a rock & 
roll group. but theatrical music which lets people actually ee 

Also appearing will be the English group. BADFINGER The 
group has played quite often with members of the Beatles . 
which explains their style of country and rock sounds Just 
recently they played with George Hamson m the Bengla Desh 
concert. The band consists of Mike Gibbons (drums ). Peter 
Ham (lead guitar ), Tom Evans Ibas ) and Joe Molland 
Irhythm guitar ). They have several albums out including "No 
Dice," " Magic Christian ," " Come And Get It." and "Straight 
Up." 

Tickets are $4 . $4 .50 & $5.50 and are available at all 
Highlander Stores , Metro Ticket Agencies and the CIVIC 
Theatre Box Office ( 23~\O ) . 

Savoy Brown 
SAVOY BROWN will appear in concert Friday. Feb. 25. 1972 

at the Community Concourse Convention Hall . 
SAVOY BROWN is makmg their mnth American tour and 

with them they are brmgmg two new albums : . 'Street Corner 
Talkmg." which is their newest, and soon to be released. " Hell 
Bound Tram." The group consists of the ongmator and gUiding 
force . Kim Simmonds rlead guitar) , who has kept SAVOY 
BROWN together for six years. Paul Raymond I keyboard I 
Andv Silvester I bass I. Dave Bidwell (drums) and Dave Walker 
(vocals ) SAVOY BROWN plays a hard drivmg boogie. blues-
rock which keeps audience commg back [or more 

FLEETWOOD MAC will return to San Dll'go to play their 
mixture of hard rock and blues The group con ISts of Bob 
Welch IgUitar and vocal ' I John McVle (baSS I. Chnstln<' 
M(Vle Iplano and vocals '. the newesl member Mlch 
fleet wood (drums) and Danny Kirwan Igullar and \"()('ah 
FLEETWOOD MAC has two album,. "Kiln Hous Jnd 
"Future Games " 

JOliN BALDRY. tall. big VOiced En(!ltsh bluesman. Will op~n 
the show He i said to have been one of the onglnators of the 
Enghsh blues. followed b\ the Beatles and Rolling Stones Ill' 
has headed groups With 'uch names as Mll'h Jagger Bna n 
Auger. Rod Stewart and Elton John He began on thl.' folk 
circuit m 1956 and wlthm 2 vear had laid the roots [or rhv thm 
and blues In Bntam He tra'v led from England to Denmark to 
Germany and back. and now In 1972 he sings the same rhythm 
and blues for current fans 

Tickets are $4 . $4 .50 and $5 50 and are available at all 
Ihghland r Stores, Metro Ticket AgenCies and thl' CIVIC 
Theatre Box Office 1236-6510 ) 

-

SUBLIMELY EROTIC,BREATHTAKING, 
-P1»801 - )l(wswm 

HAUNTING IRRESISTIBLE 
-uc IV -lUOITHeRI SI 

THIS FILM MUST BE SEEN F~OM THE BEG INN ING 
IN COLOR 7;1 5 9: 15 

IRI -_~=-.p ACADEMY 
3nl ltjlVERSlTY AVE 284·1000 

"EXTRAORDINARY" 
, 'EL TOPO ' IS an extraordinary movie l A phan-
tasmagoric allegory of Western Civi li zat ion he 
film IS superior for Jodorowskys impulse to sa-
lire and surrealIsm entertains whil e it slakes he 
popular thirst for blood I 

-PaulO ZimMerman. Newswee' 

I 'UNFORGETI ABLE" 
" EL TOPO ' IS a unique and unforgettable ex-
penence l It IS just about everythIng that has been 
said of it. Because it IS a ll th ings to a ll people ItS 
story is a multi-layered Ink-b lot test of references 
and implications ' -Mart'n Mitchell. After Oa-. 

"MONUMENTAL" 
"'EL Tapa ' IS Simply a monumental worK of II mlC 
art. One is aston ished each lime by patterns a.,d 
shades of meaning never noliced before. It de-
mands to be seen more than once! 

-Peter Schleldahl ln the New York T,mes 

"MASTERPIECE" 
"'EL Tapa ' IS a masterp iece as much as it IS a 
testament to one man 's genius! A work of incom-
prehenSible dept h. It IS a 'road map to the soul' 

-Steven Fuller. Changes 

• ••••••••• •• •• ••• • • •• ••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••• • , 0' ••••• 

GIFTS 

ACCESSORIES, ARTIFACTS, 
JEWELRY, HANDBLOCKED COTTONS 

from 
The tradit ional craft ~enters of India 

and 
the Kingdom of ,'epal 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
............ ................. ................... , .. ... . 

Triton Times February 18, 1972 Puge 7 

{ 

I' 

/I 

" 

<I 



.. 

down UCR 18-10 

Tritons look ahead 
Mar~ Yaung 

Once again the frivolous foilers of UCSD proved that the pen 
is DOt mightier than the sword as they rolled up convincing 
victories against Arizona. Long Beach, and Fullerton. The 
wins last weekend at Cal State Long Beach concluded the 
Tritons ' duel meet schedule and extended their win streak to 23 
straight duel victones. It was a much·needed boost for the 
Lords in White, as they will be facing some fine competition in 
the following three weeks. The meet also marked the return of 
that vivacious little sparkplug Patty Neal , who hoped and 
cheered the tea m on to victory aga inst some extremely good 
competition. 

Over·all. team scores saw UCSD coming out on top of 
Arizona 20·7 , Long Beach 12·9. and Fullerton 15·12. Individually 
the saber competition was dominated by that debonaIr man· 
about·town. Richard Sax. He was Joined by first·year man JIm 
Eller. and Stan "the toe" Robinson. The epee team was lead by 
consistent Howard Eno with much help from teammates JIm 
:\1iller. John Helmich and Tim Black Roundin~ out the mens ' 
compelltlOn was the fOil squad of Mike Jones. Stan Robinson. 
and ever'lmprovIng John Meyers. 

The female congregation didn 't fare qUite as well as their 
male counterparts. but they dId wm a tough match again t a 
strong Arizona team The squad was made up of Diane Naffke, 
Tern Breshim. and Susan Hlllar\, . 

Over·all. coach WhIte wa ' qUite pleased With the teams' 
shOWIng Thev fenced extremely well agaInst ~ome fme 
compelltion which Included a Long Beach team whIch hadn 't 
lost a duel intercollegiate meet In two vears 

Although the duel meet season IS over for the Tritons. there 
IS plenty of competitJon left ThiS Saturday m the gym UCSD 
will host the Southern California qualifYIng matches for teams 
from San Diego State, Fulerton. Long Beach. Irvine. and the 
UniverSity of Arizona . Thl IS. of course. the prellmmary to the 
Southern California championships to be held at Irvine the 
weekend of the Feb . 26 and 27 . The Tntons have a strong 
chance to qualify here. and place there. thus showing to an 
even greater extent why we keep calling them the most 
successful sports program on campus. At thiS Juncture of the 
article we won't say "Come on out and see them." because 
that 's getting a little trite and \'ou get our pomt anyway. 
However. we Will say that a little added support never hurt 
anyone , e peclally mee the fencers , being the hams that they 
are. perform best before a crowd 

Children~s clinic 
A basketball clinic for the children of the UCSD community 

Will be held on five consecutive Saturdays startIng on Feb 26 
The cllmc will be taught by two UCSD students. former high 
school basketball greats Steve Meerson and John May, both of 
whom have had experience on the Triton varSity basketball 
team These two students are volunteering their 'tlme for the 
chmc 

Classes Will be held at 1 p m. for youngsters SIX toelght vears 
old , and at 2 p m for the older age bracket of eight to 10 years, 
If Interested In enrolling your children, contact Dr Scheiber in 
the History office, MUir 2D, X1763. giVing the names and phone 
numbers of the children The cllmc IS being offered free of 
cha rge. but the enrollment IS limited so write In oon 

As the sun shone brightly on the field, and the spectators 
began to gather, our UCSD ruggers cringed as they viewed the 
towering UC Riverside rugby team. It looked like UCSD would 
be driven from the field, but our gutsy little ruggers came from 
behind to knock off the UCR giants 18 to 10. 

With only two minutes gone, bruising Bill Gates , on a great 
individual effort , crashed over the touch line from 10 yards 
back and wisely let someone else miss the conversion kick. 
Now with a commanding 4-0 lead, UCSD happily trotted back 
to receive the next kick . But the smiles were soon wiped off 
their faces as the enraged UCR team tromped over our ruggers 
to lead 10-4 at halftime. The UCSD team was hampered all of 
the first half as everyone thought they were Dickie Duncan and 
tried to boot drop kicks. Too bad they all missed! One drop kick 
by "little fuzzy Terry" did split the uprights , but he forgot to 
drop it before ne kicked it (that's why they call it a drop kick, 
Terrv). 

Afier a short halftime revitalization, our ruggers came back 
ready to play from the kickoff, as the UCSD team battled for 
possession of the ball and a score. Answering this need was 

Dismal weekend 
for tennis team 

Mark LiSKO 
It was a dismal weekend for 

the tenms team, as apparently 
the sunshine and warm 
temperatures failed to bring 
out the best In either the 
varsity or junior varsity. 

The bad news tarted Fridav 
when the varslt V trekked on 
over to play San Diego State. It 
was evidently not a close 
match . the final outcome was 
9·0, With UCSD haVing the "0." 
Now all sports buffs know that 
that 's just about the worst you 
can do in a tennis match. 

There were some ex· 
tenuatlOg circumstances sur· 
rounding this defeat. The 
primary one, perhaps, was the 
absence of the number-one and· 
two men Ted Teacher, the 
team 's best player, is still 
suffering the hassles of illness. 
Bruce Baxlev. number two 
behind Teacher, wasn·t able to 
make the ma tch. Also, after 
sta rting out well . Doroski 
pulled a muscle in the first set 
and thus was not able to 
function at his best the rest of 
the way. 

There were some 
encouraging aspects 
concerning the meet Bruce 
Burnett played an outstanding 
two sets. lOSIng the second one 
in a tle·breaker The rest of the 
team played well , but were 
overmatched by being moved 
up one or two numbers The 

teams actually are better 
match·ups than the score 
indicates. and the team is 
looking forward to their next 
meeting when they will 
hopefully be at full st rength. 

The JV 's fared just a little 
better Sunday afternoon. Their 
opponent was the Umversity 
Tennis Club, and their score 
was 6' z to 2'/2 again, with the 
Triton team on the losing end. 
This match was highlighted by 
a couple of victories and an 
incomplete set. 

The two Singles victors 
included Glenn Bottlieb and 
Paul Claeyssens. Glenn tried to 
make things interesting by 
winning the first set and losing 
the second . He, naturally, 
came back to win the final set 
and the match , with scores of 6· 
1. H . and 6·2. Paul won both 
sets eaSily enough 6·2. 6·2. The 
doubles half·pomt came when 
the first doubles team was 
halted after the second set. 
apparently because of darkness 
or some other cause. The two 
sets were 7-6 and 4·6. 

The team will be at it again 
this weekend m a couple of 
home skirmishes. Friday at 
2:30 here at the home courts. 
the foe will be UC River ide. 
Saturday the racket men face 
La Ver'ne at the bright and 
early hour of 9.30 in the 
morning (ya wn I 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F Slreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

FRIDAY FLICKS 
VISION: 

EXPERIMENTAL FILMS 

"Scarlet" Young as he stumbled his way in for a try. As he 
added two more points by a conversion kick , the game stood 
tied 10 to 10, UCR became enraged again, but now UCSD was 
out to play rugby as they conta ined the Riverside fury. 

But even though UCSD now had the momentum. they could 
not score, so the scrum employed Peter Sertic's secret play . 
The only problem was that it didn 't fool anybody and on 
another individual effort, Rugger Dugger Beanan squirmed his 
way to the touchline for a try . The crowds were ecstatic as San 
Diego now led 14 to 10. There was still a long time to play, and 
our fired up ruggers behind O'Toole, Sinclair. and Huber 
stopped the UCR ruggers time and time again, Peler Waasdorp 
also made himself known, dealing out a few friendly kicks to 
the opposition. 

Finally "White Lighting" Ringwood, after resting behind our 
defenses the whole game, decided to get in on the glory , Our 
sterling fullback of Australian fame clinched the game by 
hustling downfield to receive his own kick and streaked by for a 
try as everyone stood and watched. When Riverside saw this 
they simply gave up, and UCSD triumphed again, 18·10. in a 
solid rugby effort. 

The UCSD second team also scored a victory over the second 
team from Riverside, though neither fans nor players are quite 
sure what the score was. Led by the running of Pete Sertic . 
John Roland. and Dave Rayfield , and the viCIOUS tackles of 
some mysterious rugger known as Wally "gator," San Diego 
was able to overcome the spirited but inexperienced UCR 
second team. 

This week the UCSD ruggers play host to Pomona College. 
The game will be played on the field west of the gym and will 
start at I p.m. 

Soar to the clouds! 
Next weekend , Feb, 26·27 , Torrey Pines will be the scene of 

the 26th Annual Pacific Mid·winter Soaring championships. 
Approximately 25 planes, including both gliders from the 
Thirties, and the high·performance ships of today , will be 
competing in the only soaring contest in the nation in which 
spectators can watch, 

The contest, which will start at 10 a.m. on both days, will 
consist of five events : spot landing. bomb drop, duration, cross 
country and altitude gain. Everyone is invited to come and 
watch from the glider port , which is located one mile north of 
UCSD, by the Salk Institute. Admission for those interested is 
free . For further information call 453·8897 , or contact Doug 
Spore at theTRITO TIMES office in Blake Hall . 

Or-'ro 
ORGANICALLY GROWN 

NATURAL fOOD 
• Produce ' Poultry Products 

• Meat ProdlJct~ • Dairy Products 
• 6akery GOOdS ' Grains 

• JUICIj~ ' Appliances 
• rood Supplement~ #'""._~ ~.i-r.~::.-.::S~ 

T ofl Sot 
9 45- 530 so' USB 2772 7& 10:30 p.m. WHY BUY YOUR FOOD SUPPLEMENTS AT OR-GRD? 

(10 ,d Suo & Moo 
.Dana 

- l t;tcdy in 
GUCld c- 'a iN,:. M~):ico . , 

The GU2ja! Ilara Surr,mcr Sc~,'ol a 
fully acc 'cd tr d Ur.iwsity of ~m~il3 
progrrri I', Ii offer, July 3 to AU2u,t 
12. antillOpJIU(j, art. fol!dorr, gccg 
raplly, hstc-r, governmcnt. lan&uaL~ 
and IIterat. re, TuitIOn. $160, b02 'd 
and rc.;.I, ';190 \'Ilite O~llce of th ~ 
Summer S~sslon , Unimslty of Ali 
lona. Tu:~nn , Amcila 85721. 

SA Tt;RDA Y NITE 
A WOMAN IS A WOMAN 

plus 

WOMAN 
IN THE DUNES 

$1 USB 2772 7 & 1 0:30 p.m. 
odvonce tICkets 01 u,ey noll 

Poge 8 Triton Times February 18, 1972 

LET THIS SAMPLE PURCHASE SHOW YOU WHY 
SAMPLE PURCHASE ITEM REGULAR 

VIT A&D Nulife #6A, 100 TABS 2.50 
VIT B Plus #49,250 TABS 6.15 
VIT C Nulife #42, 250 TABS 3.60 
VIT E Nulife #62E, 100 TABS 9,50 

HOURS: 
M-F 
SAT. 
SUN , 

Total 21.75 
YOU SAVE $5 .29 on a Purchase of $21.75 

Isn't $5.00 worth a TRIP TO OR-GRO? 

945 GARNET, PACIFIC BEACH 
PARKING IN REAR 

OR·GRO 
1.79 
5.29 
2,59 
6.79 

16,46 

HOURS 
M·F 10-7 
SAT, 10-6 
SUN. I·S 

, 

lI!IUIIUlUUUlIHUllltlmlllllllllllllllllll"UIIIHlIIII .. I ... I.IIUIUIIIUlIUIUIIHI! 
! = I UCSD DAY CARE CENTER ~ 
- = 

Holly Holmes making ends meat 
,I 

despite tI ese troubles UCSD's 
prices 'lave not Tlsen 
ConsequerUy the difference 
between Holly 's food costs and 
the cafeteria's price has grown 
smaller, He pays 95 cents for 
steak and sells It for Sl.20 A 
beef sand\\ Ich m the Bull and 
the Boar Carving Room costs 
Holly 62 cents and he sells It for 
75 cents From the difference 
on these Items he must pay for 
hiS employee 's wage. and 
beneflls. paper goods plastic 
eating utenSil s and 
miscellaneous expenses 

i PRESENTS: ~ 

I II RfAqLOON" I 
§ + 3 cartoons ~ ~ ~ 

150C lOS:~~~1;:;'USBI 
;;(111 1111 1111 II 1111 UII 111111111 1111111111 II 11111 1I1111IUllUlllUUlIIUUIIIIIIUIIUUlllllUIIUUlilli UI ii' 

CAfETERIA SCHEDULE 
SPECIAL WASHINGTON 

WEEKEND HOURS 
REVELLE 

SAT-Closed SUN- l1 a.m.-6 p.m. MON-S-9 p.m. 

MUIR 
SAT-8:30 a.m.-8 p.m. SUN-Closed MON- 8:30 

a.m.·2 p.m. 

COfFEE HUT 
Regular hours throughout the weekend. 

gourmet 
:£a jolla 

call 
CJ)elicatessens 

VISIT OUR 
COMMISSARY 

f'.'lIIIn_, tlJ' ".fll .r_", 
UI'III_." clt""I/""" 
• ,.01<4.11 ,ltr Ie 0"''/ 

453-5250 
PI~u(' 

tt'lephoM your ord.,..ln urly 
.•. And Ih .. ,'11 bt "."InK for ),OU • 

11.., SOtIINTO VAUlT lOAD SAN OlIGO CAlIfOlNIA 

(USTOM ".(LOTtIlN<' 
" .FI .(~~lASS FAtkl(ATlON 

IMI'OAT[O 
1lI1NES ,vIO lEa 

S41!fl, 

Contiuuecl from Page 1 
Breakfast is served on all 

three campuses, as is lunch. At 
Revelle alone, people have a 
choice of four different 
eateries : the Revelle cafeteria , 
the Revelle snack bar, the 
Coffee Hut and the popular Bull 
and the Boar Carving Room 
Lunch may also be purchased 
far into the afternoon at 
Scripps, Winzer Snack Bar (at 
the med school) , Matthews and 
Muir. Dinner is available at 
Revelle, Muir and the Coffee 
Hut. Matthews is not open for 
dinner this year because there 
are only 119 residence students 
there · not enough to keep the 
cafeteria in business according 
to Holly , However next year 
there will be at least 200 more 
students on Matthews 
enough to support th e 
cafeteria . 

Quality Milksbakes 
Holly is exuberant about the 

quality of the food he serves . 
" We serve as good a mdkshake 
as anywhere in town," he says 
" We use four dips of ice cream, 
Hershey's chocolate and real 
milk." 

He IS proud of hiS special 
menus. He prOVides. for 
example. a lunch of spaghetti . 
salad and garlic bread, all for 
95 cents. Such specials are also 
served for breakfast and dinner 
at the three college cafeterias. 

Moreover, Holly proudly 
attests to serving bigger 
porllons than did hi s 
predecessor for the same 
prIce The swiss steaks are 
several ounces bigger thiS 
year, as are the salads and 
other main courses. Holly also 
refu es to serve leftovers . " I 
don't like to serve leftovers." 
he said 

The largest problem Holl~ 
now faces IS the rIse m food 
prices after the wage·prIce 
freeze was lifted m November 

Food prIces, excluding meat 
Will nse more than 4 per cent 
this year compared to the 24 
per cent rise last vear Meat 
pnces are near th'elr high t 
level in 20 years, according to a 

• To and from Los Angeles, San FranCisco. 
Sacramento, San Diego, San Jose, Oakland, 
Hollywood·Burbank, Onlarlo, and Long Beach. 

Sharing any of PSA '5 '60 dally fhghts IS a gas. And 
with our low air fares , fly ing PSA Isn 't a whole lot 
more expensive than hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. So why not slick 
your thumb In Ihe phone instead, and dial us for 
a reservation? 

PSAIMS,au a 11ft. 
...... .. ................... 

cOUl'Of< 

GRAND OPENING SPEC tAL 
D.M.I. 

VOLKSWAGEN PARTS AU SERVICE 
01 Rrt 1.1 BRI( \flO' 0 VRII 011 c" \\n 

IUOI YUll·UP S9!S, ;~~.:. 
Inctudu 

• "i ... ~ \ , *'" ""'w,' • !ttl T·,..".. 
• , ... P~ ' " ' ' . ".~. . ...... . 
, ...... . , I~I' P . .. . . '("Pro. I . .. e* 
• It, ...... . . . I~uf s- , , ..... ' . 

56311 LA JOLLA BLVD 2 (Blld Rock) UHS6l m-1S60 

SATURDAYMO&7IES' . 
MIDNIGHT ' Y • 

sezual comed!l~nigRfmares 
MUMMY MUMMY 

A h surprising IlilIffe black comedy about an eternal chIld 
~ 0 relt~ '~' h,s mother 'or everyttung , Including the 
d sposal 0 \.t e lo~ely young glris after he IS fInIshed Wllh 

SAGA OF THE SCRUNGE 
RED RIDING HOOD 

AND THE BOI'v1B 
MADAME POLY 

POMPADOUR 

~he Wonderful water Bed a Week Contest rrom: 
lilllrille •• lr ••• e.11 

MIDDLEARTH Candles 

CAMERAMAN 
A camenmiin totallv Involved with h,s all. when "I~ !W l 
fflend dlsrobe1 leducllwely. he keeps clicking she treak\ 
and the tun beqlnS 

LA FEE SANGUINAIRE 
light In Its approach , which mikes the bloody upshot 

of the film all (he more hom'VlIlg A barrel IS delivered 
10 Ihe doorstep of a suburban hou~ The oc.cupinl retu,ns 
home and frods , beautiful naked girl Inside They make 
lov! The prICe he has 10 pay. however, IS absolute 

KEEP CEASELESS WATCH FOR COLORADO BEETlE 

3n1 UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 ACA,DElVIY 

f 

Increased Utility Usage 
Food service employees 

earn. according to HolI~ . S2 18 
per hour while the baSIC 
Umverslty pay scale IS S2 12 
per hour In addition Hollv 's 

survey by Untted Press crew receives their lunches 
InternatIOnal free . He IS not paying for rent 

Holly has endured a 15 per electnclty or water thl year. 
cent price Increase In meat but because of drastically 
alone since November Yet Increased ulllltv usages on 

CODliDued OD Page I J 
~IIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUII 1IU111 1111111 11111 1111 II III(!: 
~ • Cal Jet Charter's . § 
i "SPRING BREAK FLIGHTS" I ~ ~ Don't be misled by lower prices, investigate first l f ly 

With our reliable charter group . Know your facts on 
your charter carrier before you sIgn your oppl icotlon 
Don' t toke 0 chance with on unknown charter airline 

1972-INTER· UNITED STATES FLIGHTS-I 972 
Flight. Oesl,nollon Dofe A,rllne 

_~ ~19n • (~~~~I,~G M~~CH 19t.~) . 1'9 === 
""lr ;;r '. 5; ;,~. Yo' 21 

~:::;_ • ~ 9 77 ~F to C'" (0,,0 ." Yo' 10 A~~, S Zt ==_= 
c.t-(o~o'oS.F ii:t t Y.orll 

1 '''14927 ~'~:~'. J;:. .;, ::, ~~ '-' I .~ I 
i"""" t ~~;~;~G ~~::~ 261:'. ., ! 
E=- .N 0 )I=t( .... v ,F. ~ Y ,,~ S ~1I === 

N ;FK le.Jt- .. , At. l 

~:::; ..... :nO S~ loCttlCOgO ... YoO' '20 .. ",." li. ~_ 
C.,,(ogo''''' SF 101", A;l 2 
~ .W50 Sflo'¥'llo~"X L~ ""0 ,6 ... ~'ed S!. § 
:: wo.nOC'I):'~"Ift lop) == 

E:·".... ~~~t~A~~~~ .:~ : :' I 
! :: tONE i5~fr~ ctro: TOPE, ; §I:::;=_ 

913 Oo~ to A,""'\'erdo'" L" Ap 24 'rIA .. ~ 
.915 lA 00 . 'llo"oon Lv M~Jy '" 8 •• A S ~ 

0010, 10 S'lJu~I' l .. ¥ay !I i AS .. 
799 OOk lA to A If I" JOlT ~ M T:A 
; 7 A Oak f( l CI~ 8. A L 

.ONE WAY EUROPE TO WEST COAST. 
II I '} lO'lOol I, l A tOR Ii • Vlo '26 Br t " 
• 4 LV ..... '(.ItA VO~ .... , A.j.: 1.1 BrlAL ~ ..... 
• , London ,{.) LA Oo~ ;~. June' 8, I A ~ 

~18 O(·l4C.~ Dr'~ 
,,81 a, ~I , On. i4 

• SPRING QUARTER EUROPE ROUND TRIPS. 
• 0 ~ U ... <:I .. " 8· ~ :.. 

_ d ... I .A _ ,. ~ A .. _ _ 

9 3 8 La 'Oc.~. lOnd L~ "p @., A L ; , 
London 'Q L4 OOh Il •• J\lnt' " 7 7 

Q'4 ., 1 Ap 6 8 .... 
• t' 

l Y. 8 ... .' • 
.t' 

_ S· 

.SPECIALJAPAN FLIGHT 1972 • 
1\ ~ • 

" ' 

• SPECIAL MADRID, SPAIN FLIGHT. 
" ' SF A I y 

~od' d to lA 5'. -
--ACOMP~TE19nE~O~&IN~R-U~--~ 

= SUMMER SCHEDULE AVAILABLE NOWI ~ 
=------------------------= ~ >\ 'iJr~\ ,"~ ... dt '" ') ftdt,O' 10' I rf' ..... p :: 

d n "OI~.t~ot~4 .xJp. p.~ ' .. t'~elo.t'.orC'bQ~,.\1 " P' ,., ho 
,j l"If 'j 101 (O\t and Oft' ,t) I I d. 't' 'I-t' dtPt'I'IO, Q tht' 

0<1I0I01 " ... mb.' 0 1 DaTI, '00 .' d l I' .~, Th~u Chatt., Fltghh 
o,e awa,loble only 10 \tudenh f'mpIO'ftl ,roH fo<ullV and •• 'erHjon 
,ruden's of the Un,ven.,'y of ColtfornlO and mtmben of Ih~I' lmmed,ot. 
fomlhes 
Theft ort NO MEMSERSHIP FEES 
... II ::I'" .'1.1., r I., t' r "t'l'It omp.,... lar, " 

OQ ~dnlg~' 
For ApplKolion & F.",rth.f hformat~n Wflt. 

CALJE' CHA~lUS 
21 SO G, .. n SINeI .r (011141 S CJ2'2 143" 

= Son hantllCo t.auto,nta ~ l'lJ _ 
~,llInlllnllnllllllnllllllllllllllllrnlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUlIlIlIIlIlIlIIllIIlIlIlI lIIIII~ 

Triton Times February 18, 19nP~ge9 

e 

n 

t 
<I 



Alex, Sheriffs 
Defends UC Budget 

Michael Callahan 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

SACRAMENTO-If faculty receive a pay hike in excess of 7.5 
per cent this year, they will have to overcome the potent 
opposition of Alex Sheriffs , The former Psychology professor 
and Vice-Chancellor at UC Berkeley is convinced the UC 
faculty are falling their public mandate. In his present 
position, Educational Secretary and chief advisdr to the 
Governor on Universi ty affairs, he could be a crucial stumbling 
block for faculty, 

Sheriffs' complaints have changed in the past year or so, He 

used to discourse at length about the " vocal minority" of 
students and faculty that were terrorizing the campuses and 
destroying academic freedom on them. The result was that the 
governor was forced to " courageously speak for the people as 
their representative" and punish those who would threaten the 
University, 

Then he emphasized that " the People" demanded a return of 
academic freedom and often cited the number of letters he 
received when Eldridge Cleaver lectured at Berkeley and the 
Bank of America was burned in Isla Vista. 

Nat Teacbial E_lb 
Today, Sheriffs has come to the conclusion that " most" 

faculty, rather than a minority , are violating the public trust. 
They are accomplishing this. he believes, by not teaching as 
much as the people of the state want, 

The California State Consti tution, he says, prescribed the job 
of faculty as " teaching and research." (Actually, it also says 
" service.") The proportion is not specified in the constitution, 

but Sheriffs and Reagan " think the people expect a 5O-SO split 
bet ween these two functions, " 

- . No Daaler of Medioc:rity 
Sheriffs completely disclaims any belief that the Governor's 

policies are leading to mediocrity in UC, He believes tha t UC is 
among the top ten in faculty pay despite pUblicity that UC pay 
scales rank much lower nationwide. "I feel there is no danger 
of mediocrity, " he says, " fewer professors have left during the 
Reagan administration than any previous time." 

While on the topic of the Governor 's budget, Sheriffs talked 
about their ideas on financial aids and the EOP program. He 
disputed claims that UC was becoming inaccessible due to 
tuition costs and dwindling aid funds. 

The Governor's budget provides no state funds for the EOP 
program again this year. Sheriffs reasoned that UC has enough 
money for minority students. " Federal fuuds came in greater 
than anticipated amounts to cover the program for UC," he 
claims. 

r····~·~··~·"··T .. T··OPE~NING·~·T·01~]·G'lIf~·~··~·~·~·~········1 
~ UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS ~ 
~ Athol Fugard's : 

~ THE BLOODKNOT · 
~ dirededby FLOYD GAFFNEY 

T M C with N'" S · 
· • ~ 
• 

· 

om C Orryand IJI ava~e 
Students $1 .00 General $2.00 

Curtain at 8 p.m. : 
; The UCSD Theatre is located behind the Matthews Bookstore ~ 
•• • •• • ••••• l e •••• • ~ •••••••••••••••••••••• ....!... '..I.' '..L' • .J.. ••••• .1. ............... ...1. •• ..1... '.l.., •••••••• ...!... •••••••• ' ..:,,' '..:." ••••••••••••••••••••••••• II ••• '..t.- ............ ~ •• ...a... •• ~ 

BUY • SELL • TRAPE • SWAP 
'So 

• 

FRSE ADM/~JON OPEN 1J.1I!&'PUBYC 

NOW· YOU CAN BUY DIRECTLY FROM THE LITTLE OLD LADY FROM PASADENA! 
NO PROFESSIONAL CAR SALES MAN OR DEALERS! YOU CAN NOW BROWSE, BUY, 
OR SELL IN LEISURE! 
SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS STARTING FEB. 26·27 7:00 AM 5:00 PM 

DeL MAR FRIR6HOUNDS PARKIN6 tor 
ACROSS fROM MAIN GATE & INTERSTATE S. FOR SELLER RESERVATIONS OR 
VISITOR INFORMATION CALL SAN DIEGO-276-2003, NO. COUNTY-7SS-0269 

FINANC ING , , . OWNI:RSHIP TR,b,N<\ FFR .. 

SMOG CERTI FYING MECHANIC , , , FREE 

EXPEfll ENCED COUNSELING , , , 

Page 10 Tirton Times February 18, 1972 

• A sk your own price! 

• ,0 bluc book or ale men to knock 
price down! 

• On th e pot expo ure to hundreds! 

• Services available for on the pot tran ac t ion, 
a No high commi ion or dealer overhead to 

pay for ! 

• Low cost space rental ! 

• Buy direct from the owner and get the 
fac ts! 

• ~o hunting all over the eount y for the 
car of your choice! 

• ervice available for on the spot 
tran ar: t ions! 

a Free admi sion to all visitors and 
buyers! 

CoDtiDued from Pale 9 
campus th~s year , th e 
University may not be able to 
absorb these costs again next 
year. (The increase in utility 
usage is due in part to 
increased numbers of students 
cooking in their dorm rooms,) 

But despite all , Holly has 
managed to stay solvent thus 
far thi s year. 

" The student s hav e 
supported us well a t Muir and 
Revelle," he says. Scripps and 
the Coffee Hut are not doing as 
well as expected at present, but 
business from UCSD's summer 
sess ion and conference 
programs have made up the 
difference, 

In addition, Holly feels he 
was overstaffed in the fall and 
was forced to layoff some of 
his permanent staff. Also, he 
has switched to all paper goods 
to prevent losses due to theft 
and breakage, and to cut down 
on cafeter ia nose and water use 
for washing. 

Consequently, each month 
this year Holly has managed to 
lose less. He feels that too often 
students forget that the food 
service is not attempting to 
make a profi t. Any profits that 
are made belong to the 
students . " This is the kids 
place, how well it goes is how 
the kids support us. If we're 
supported we'll break even_" 

1I_1I1111111i1_1I11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111~ 

~Mt~!tmJ~ I 
OF LA ..rOLLA ! 

SPECIAL OF I 
-I THE WEEK: 

Danish Fontina 

- $1. 69 l ib. I . :z;jl 
regularly S 1.89 l ib. J 7523·A Fay Ave.r La Jolla ( on Drury Lane Plaza ) 454·5384 IIII11MIIHlIIIHIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIUIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII.11 • 

Here it is, Ihe first of the 
year. You've got those 
old Spring-Quarter · 
Where-Am-I -Going· To· 
Live?-blues, That place 
you've got now is fa lling 

apa rt at the beams, If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month_ 
The money you 're paying for the dive you 're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools, 

Or, maybe you 'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the bil liards room . .. for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you're 

lwocan 
live 
as 
Cheaply 
as 
one. 

CoaliDued from Page 3 
some retaliat ion , 

Two-The police are 
extremely adept at 
exercising illegal arrest 
tact ics, espec ially when 
they think they ca n get 
away w i th i t , 
Photographers and 
filmmakers engaged i n 
alternat i ve med i a 
activity and polit ica l 
artworkers can expec t 
harrassment in th e 
months to come, Know 
your r ights . 
Three -Some, if not a ll of 

the No r th Co unty 
Subdivision off icers hate 
and fear UCSD, and fee l 
sha c kled b y t h e ir 
" limi ted " acc ess to the 
campus. The Un iversi t y 
i s seen as a stag ing 
ground for protest act ion 
aga inst the Republican 
Convent ion , 

Four-A f ina l point : To 
some degree the police 
appear to be acting a s 
ang ry a nd fearful 
i nd i v i d uals , Any 
" spo n ta n e ous and 
i ndependent " 
p r o v o c at i v e actions 
could lea d to retaliation 

against those grou ps 
most i n conta c t w ith the 
pol ice; c h ica nos, blacks 
and wh i te po litical 
a c t i v ists , In d ividual 
a cti o llS should be 
considered in light of 
t he i r effect on the 
movement in general. 
Maddog threa ts and 
terror i sm are just going 
to m ake th ing s rougher 
fo r those w ho see the 
strugg le in holistic terms 
and who have committed 
the i r lives to it. 

IIO ·MEDICAt ENG INEERING AND 
PHYSICS GRADUATE STUDENTS 

A rewording POlltlon eKlsts for on 
on·compui. soles representative of 
electroniC systems for benoYlorol 
and biomedical \tud.e\ These 
dlQltol systems program and present 
stimuli and measure and record wb 
led response ThIS product-It ne of 0 
well -established com pony has no 
Significant competition An ap 
portunlty uish to make behaVioral 
sCience Inve5tlgofors aware of oura 
apparatus Only one student Will be 

~Ie<fed to represent us on campus 
Our campus representOI",e ( on 
poulbly step Into 0 full · t lme poslhon 
follOWing graduation 

PUAS! SIND YOUR RESUME TO 
8ill S.urg.on 
Siliconix 1 Inc . 
no I lourelwood Rd 
San.a Clara, Caltl ., 95054 

gOing to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... like fully bUtIt-tn kitchens, 
terrifiC bedrooms, carpeting , drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And , perhaps 
best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two real/y can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one . and after al/, 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

lor moro lnlormallon, coli UCSD ropr ... n'a h •• Fiord Bronnan af (714) '53-0'.' 

-

Conlinued from Page 7 
Both brothers are suave. likeablE' and qUite 

at home In their respective role! Steven 
Nogarr has come a long way I rom hiS 
" Caretaker " days . Illooks like UCSD which 
gave the worJd oceanographers. P'YSIClstS 
and other assorted mampulators of the slide 
rule, IS gOing to present the world With an 
actor Good It IS obVIOUS that WE have a 
first-rate director in Mr Christmas 

Don 't miss thiS double blllmg . at two buch 
a head , It'S the best bargam m town 

Letters to the Ed itor 
Editor 

I would like to pomt out a 
mistake on the byline 
deslgnatlon to an article -titled 
RAZA UN IDA POLITCAL 
ACTION There has been a 
slight error The actual author 
IS MariO Garcia He submllted 
It to me and in turn I submllted 
It to the TRITON TIMES It 

seems that hiS authorship wa _ 
overlooked on lOp of the right 
hand corner of the front page 

Perhaps It was due to the 
dallv confUSion mherent of all 
JournalistiC organizatIOns 
nevertheless I would like to 
have the author hip clarlfled 

Sincerel\' 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

ANOMALY fACTORY 

• • FRI. & SAT., 8:30 PM BLDG. 257 MC 
~ ................ .. 

UCSD 
PROGRAMMING 

BOARD 
PRESE~TS 

Jl\' 
CO~ 'CERT 

THE 
YOUNGBLOOD 

TICKETS 
$2.00 UnD 

FEB .26 
8 PM IN THE GYM 

$2.50 OTHER COLLEGE IN ADVANCE* 
$3.00 GENERAL ADMISSION 

*TICKETS WILL BE AVAILABLE 
TO OTHER COLLEGE STUDENTS 

AT $2.50 IN ADVANCE. 
THEY WILL BE $3.00 

AT THE DOOR. 

TICKETS AVAILAB LE 
AT THE 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE. 
CALL E{T. 1391 

fOR INfORMATION. 

••••••••••••• •• 
Triton Times F_ebr~ary 1 S, 1972 Page 11 

" 

'., 



- .' 

. . 

announcements 
friday 

JSA Shabbat Dinner 
potluck 6 p.m . Muir Apts. 
L ounge . Discuss i on : 
a , ti tudes towards violence 
in the Torah . For info call 
Ingr id, 453·0973 . 
Vision : Exper imenta l film 
AS f il m series. 

CONSC IENT IOUS 
OBJ ECTOR MEETING S -
Seminar with Lance Beizer , 
UCSD Dr aft Coun selor , 
today at 3 p.m. in 1102 T ioga 
Hall. 

saturday 

UCSD Day Care Center w ill 
show "The Red Ba lloon" -
10 a.m . and 1 p.m ., 50¢, free 
popcorn, 2722 USB. Three 
cartoons ! Also everyone 
should bring kids' money 
for day -c a re center 
equ ipment, or just come . 

I NTE RESTED I N 
ECOLOGY? - Let's start 
at home. Help clean up on 
campus. Meet under the 
spread ing sycamore tree at 
M ui r Commons at 11 a.m . 

Ralph Nad er ' s Pu b lic 
I nterest Resea rch Group 
Regional Organizing and 
UCSD org a nization 
meeting, will be held on 
Grossmont College campus 
9 a m. each Saturday in 
room 306. Contact Lance 
M i ller, 583-5369. 

DISCOVERY WORKSHOP 
- 7' 30 - 10 :30 p.m., Jack 
Gibbs will conduct a TO RI 
COMMUN ITY 
EXPERIENCE. Call 272-
4984 or 453-0286 (Freda ) for 
informat ion on program . 

sunday 

There w i ll be no duplicate 
bridge tournament today . 
The tournaments will be 
cont inued next Sunday, 
7:30, Revelle Informa l 
Lounge. Info - Barry, 453-
0886. 

2 p.m . - matinee showing 
of Wa lt D isney's " Peter and 
the Wolf " plus " Three 
Caball eros" with Dona ld 
Duck. Th is same bi ll w ill be 
shown on Tuesday 7-9 p.m . 
Both showings will be in 
USB 2722 . Free popcorn . 50¢ 
admiss ion - refreshments 
to be sold. 

Frank Cedervall , IWW 
speaker, w ill be speaking at 
UCSD at 8:00 p.m . in the 
Revelle Cafeteria . Free 
admission . 

" Man in Search of 
Meaning" is the t itle of a 
talk by Dr . Thomas 
McDonald at the Unitar ian 
Fellowsh ip of San Dieguito 
today at 10 : 15 a.m , 

8:30 a.m . and 5 p.m . -
Rom an Catholic Mas s 
( Donovan) ; 10 a.m . 
Lutheran communion 
service ( Hu be r ), at 
University Lutheran 
Church, La Jolla Shores and 
N. Tor rey Pines Rd. 

People House, BSU, and 
CRAZY TI MES present -
free chicken dinner wllive 
music, and old movies at 
dusk . At M uir Quad , 
beg inning at 12 noon , 

monday 
AMERICAN CETACEAN 
SOC I ETY presents Report 
of ACS'sponsored Trip to 
Seammon's Lagoon at 7:30 
p.m . Sumner Auditor ium, 
Scripps I nstitution of 
Oceanography . 

You are cordially invited to 
hear Mayor Pete Wilson at 
a meet ing to be held at 
Sherwood Hall in La Jolla at 
7:30 p.m. Th is event is 
sponsored by the La Joll a 
Town Counci l. Wi lson's talk 
w i ll deal with the cu ltura l 
aspects of the growth of San 
Diego . 

tue day 
Pr e-med and pre-denta l 
students apply ing for med 
school (or dental school ) for 
the fa ll of 1973 : important 
m ee ti ng : app lic ati o n 
procedures, instruct ions for 
signing up for MCATwill be 
discussed. ( F reshmen & 
Sophomores need not attend 
this meet ing. ) Ton ight 7:30-
9 p.m ., 11 05 Ba sic Sciences 
Bldg . 

Graduate Student Counc i l 
wi ll meet at 4 p.m. in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. All 
graduate students are 
welcome to attend , 

Art Robinson MIGHT give a 
lecture some day for 
science 3A, USB 2722 . 

LE CTURE : " How to Make 
a Classic," Dr . E. N. 
Genovese, professor in 
cl ass i c ial and ori enta l 
l a n g u ages at SDS C. 
Sponsored by SO Sta te 
ex te n sion. 7 : 30 p.m ., 
Council Cha m bers, Aztec 
Center , Publ ic welcome 
free . 

The Weather Report 
Publishing Co -op i s 
dedicated to Truth and 
Justice. Zach Grahm, from 
up North, will speak at 
UCSD soon about those 
important virtues as they 
relate to the Republican 
National Convention . For 
further information call the 
Weather Report . 

A basketball clinic for 
children of the UCSD 
community wi ll be held on 
f ive consecutive Saturdays 
beginning Feb. 26. The 
clin ic will be taught by two 
USC students, former high 
school basketball greats 
Steve Meerson and John 
May, who are volunteer ing 
their t ime. Classes will be 
held at 1 p.m. for six to eight 
year olds, and at 2 p.m . for 
eight to ten year olds . To 
enroll , contact Dr . Scheiber 
in the History Office, Muir 
2D, X1763, g i v i ng the 
names, ages and phone 
number of the children . He 
will contact the parents and 
children. The clin ic is being 
offered free of charge and 
enrollment is lim ited . 

Fellowships are ava il ab le 
from State Farm for 
students in business or 
business related fiel ds such 
as computer sc i ence , 
economics, mathematics, 
and pre-law, who will enroll 
for either thei r senior year 
of undergraduate school or 
f ir st year of graduate school 
in fa ll 1972. Applicat ions are 
ava il ab le from Jean Fort, 
108 Me. Dea dline for 
apply ing isMarch 1. 

Hel p protect yourself from 
fu r ther persona l property 
lo s s es . Mark y ou r 
val uables, stereos, bikes, 
etc " w i t h an electr ic 
etching tool ava ilab le at the 
Uni vers ity Police Off ice. 
The serv ice is free . 

advertisements for ourselves 
(8l/l) 

a)!IW l S£ l ' ~X3 'OS'Z9S 
'I P l eW! J~ e!/\ £~8Zl 'Jew 
lao a3a33N 3l.VWOO~ 

(8l1 l ) 
pJeMp3 JO! )!se pue ~S£8 

-£SI' II eJ 'salsse4 PJolPuel 
JO Joq461au ou se4 . ~de 

S !4 ~ MOU 'll I se Je! SV 'sJnoA 
06 ueJ noA AeM Aw 06 aw 
la l no ,~ ! I ~ nq 'a~ew-wooJ 
se awes Ja~aJd 'pM pue 
Ae6 oSle w e I asn04 ueap 
e pue Jlsnw pnol a'll !! 'alew 
'sz w e I 08S aJe4s JnoA 
- ow 09 l S ~ e ' ~de ellOr 
el aAeH SldV J!nw 6U !Aea l 
1004JS ' peJ6 OSJn WOJI 
~no-doJa Sl 4JJew 6u ! ~Je~s 

31VW- W OO ~ a33N 

~U! n04 
(8l Z) Zl OZ-SSL 

li e) Xl 'g pJa4da4S AHJed 
sMed aJo! pue ~ salp a~ ! 4M 
'az ls ,U nlpaw 60p al ewaj 
UMOJq pue )!Jelq e 'aNno:! 

8l Z} saw il. uOHJ1 
- Ll)l ~xa AllOW lie) 
ezeld a 4~ uo puno j aJaM 

Aa4l. I a ~ 0:0,) q<II IMOJQ l46" 
'paWLJI J Pl06 'sasse l6uns 
jO Jed e - aNno:! 

11:7.16 I CJgZI x lie.) 
J~ 60"- S i: ' lljillU unS IJ.).)UCl,J 

If! WI qlP [lJfl·).)H a Nno:! 

(6Z1l ) 
lOS66 

)1'9' a6eJ04JU '9' S9Sl X08 
V>lSVl V NI ss or 
'OO '£S '~al)!Ooq pal! e~aa 
S~SOJ 6U!A!I ')! JOM Jawwns 
~ aJOW Auew 'LA06 'AJaUUeJ 
' 6u ! 4Jea~ 'uo!pnJ~ s uoJ 
'IiO :sqo! ~noqe lie UJeal 

iV)lS\fl\f 
. (l. )' SS8S-£SL 

. H!pJeJ 'd04S jJns palas 
Plo o~ paAOW - pe S!4~ 

4~ !M - LS sanoos ~lS lI e6 
S 'uolle6 / £s u ! sa ~ pJeA sn 

sse l ~ S6' llS S~Sl 'S'lluelq 
)!JelJ HO %OZ s~ ! nS~aM 

5 mpl0 9:!~n5 1.5'10>1 

'£lOl 
~x3 'UOsU40r Au as au04d 

JO ! aSJn 'A60104J As d 
'u osJapUV ' H UeWJO N 
jOJd o~ saw!! a,q el! eAe 

!O aU!l~no pu e sa6e 
'saweu I! ew 'asn04 s , ~uaJed 
U! auop aq o~ AI!J eulpJo 
s~uaw ! JadX3 uo !ssas 
Jn04-lIe4 Jad lS ~uawa6pn ! 
pue uo ! ~daJJad !O s'llse~ 
aldw !s uo s~uaw!Jadxa 
leJ! 60104JAsd U! spa !qns se 
papaau Zl o~ 9 ' N3~alIH) 

(Oi C) · <;,~!u 8690-S£Z 'SJn04 
po09 J4 / SZS o~ dn 'Jau 'dxa 
ON ( ::I ) slapow 0~04 d apnN 

(8l / Z) I'DI 
Id\f JlnW '~~8S-£S~ 6u !fIIJp 
pue se6 aJ e4s o~ 6u!II!M 
I'l JO £Z 'qa:! 'eaJV Aee 
o~ aplJ paau - l.N39~ n 

Page 12 Triton Times Februa ry 18, 1972 

996N8Z li e) 'aA3 ' J4 / SlS 
'JaN dX3 ON 'wa::l 0~04d 
JOj slapow apnN : pa~ueM 

IUUO Jad 
( ~l/I' ) 

·Z Jau", 8lZ8-SSL ' A~lnJ e! JO 
He~s 's~uap n~s JOj ~unoJs ! o 

aJ! AJas xel. aWOJUI 
l8l6'6SI1 ( ~ \f3~ 3Hl. N I ) 

VllOr Vl l3HJS ~3H 
811U 1NnOJSI0 
l.N 3 0 n1S lO ~ l.NO) 

NOl1nllOd 
aN\f S~ I Vd3~ 

S~\f ) N ~ 1 3~O:! 
O N\f N\f) I ~'3W\f 

3 )1 /\ ~ 3S ~fl I 10WO.l.n\f 
S3W\fr A~l (. a3~11 

~O )lJ IS Oln\f ~nOA SI 
( ~ ) 

'Lon 
-L8l IIeJ - suo ! ~epass!p 
01 sJaded wJa~-WS I UO 

~N I d Al. 31 \f ~ n))V ~O :! 
(ll l l ) pe S!4 ~ d!1J 

9S£L-CSL 4JU Al aJ ! J~eae 
J !Jpa l as W8 1 ' a6 ed 

e 'OS 'p eaJjooJd 'g padAI 
s~JodaJ-sJaded WJakS!sa41 

( ~ ) ' l Ol1lX 
lIeJ aAe4 Aew noA wa,qoJd 
6U ! ~IJ M Aue 41'M dla4 
;0 HeJp 46noJ JnoA 'llJa4J 
01 alqe l! eAe aJe sJap ea ~ 

JINllJ ~ N I.1I ~M 

~ J I \J S 
(8l1Z) 'saM a~e l JO w 'e 

Ap ea l£68-6SI' 'SZlS ' 6 ! J~aJ 
a~!4M 'JOOp-alqnop 'aaJ~ 

- ~ S OJj 'u 'nJ 9l aJ!ep !6!J:! 

(8l ll) ~~8L-SSL SZ8S S)!J04S 
'Ja~Je~s Mau 'sueJ~ 'g '6ua 
~l!nqaJ - JadweJ IIn::l M/\ 19, 

(8L1 Z) ' l 9LL 
-£8Z - Ja'llieM uoa 'JaMSUe 
ou II '6l69-l6Z - 6uojJn::l 
W! r IIeJ 'pd 'J!I ZL 'ow /98S 
aseal awnssv '009£S aJ!Jd 
ales ' ( "SOL) as eq laa4M 
P04S . Jaa~s JaMod " peJ 
W\f " sueJ~ ' o~ne '8-/\ ·U! 
'nJ zoe 'aU !lOUOJ3 PJo::l ZL, 

(8l1 l ) 
' l 9l L-C8Z ~e Ja)!leM uoa 
lI eJ 'JaMSUe ou H '6l69-l6Z 
~e 6uopn::l W!r IIeJ 'pd 'J!I 
lL , 'ow / lOlS aseal awnssv 
'OSS£S aJ! Jd ales 'ueA uo~ 
-l 'aseq laa4M 6uOl ' sueJ~ 

o~n\f 'qJeJ IIaJJeq ~ '8-A 
'd4 SLl ·U! 'nJ OS£ 'AAa4J lL, 

(Zl/Z ) ' 9~SI'- 9I'L JO Lll'l ' ~xa 
' jjar 'OO££S 'seJ~xa Auew 
'a~e lnJeWW ! ' ~eoql!"'s Zl 

eU!l e~eJ OL6l : 3TvS ~O::l 

(ZZ /Z) 69£HSI' 
JadweJ ueA I!ew daar 09, 
jaw04 Mau e spaau poqe4 J I 

(W£ I£) 
£lS8-l6£ ( Sl~ ) au04d 

£Ol 116 ' ! !l eJ 'OJS!JueJ::I 
ues ' ~aaJ~S la'llJew S6f 
·l.NI S1.H ~I1 ~ ~ 3 l.~\fH) 

3 l.l~M 
~o 1 1 '1) suo" e"Jasa~ 
'sa lnpalPS ' uO!leWJOfU I 
JO::l ' sl! e~ap JOj 'llse 
- sdnoJ6 a6Je l JO II eWS JO! 
luawa6ueJJe S ~46 ! U lep ads 

: SJapeal dnoJ6 U O ! ~Uall V 

( ~l / ~ ) '0£Z06 ' eJ ' A~!J 
JaAlnJ 'V ' ~daa 'puejJaAO 
8~Z~ 88 8 £ - £S~ JO 90L9 
- l8Z 'NVW~ IVHJ l.H~ll::l 
llVJ ! dl~l. - aNnO~ 
6HS WO~::I : NVdvr 

~ dl~l.-ONnO~ 6ZZS WO~::I 
: 3dO~n3 Sl.H~ll::l 
l. 3r llinNNV H1.6 

(LI £) 
' (SaAa ) 9I'l~-SSL eu!l. II eJ 
'OjU ! aJOW JO::l ' sassedl!e~ 
' eJ !Jj\f ' laeJSI 'sua4W 

'O ! ~ o~ sa~!I::I 'OSlS AeM-auo 
'SZlS WOJ! adoJn3 oSle OLn 
oA'llol. 6Zl S 06eJ!4J '8S l S 
A N o~ sa~ !I::I 'll eaJS 6u !JdS 

( ~ ) (lua !JO pue laeJs I 
'~se3 aIPP!W OSIV.) 0908 
-££8 (l'lO 1'99Z6 ' eJ 'au!AJI 
'AVM Hl.V3 ~MSN3 3 nO 
£l9Ll " d '3 'S'3 3 WIL A NV 
)lJV8 3 WOJ '3 WILANV 
O~ S£lS WO ~ ::I AVM 
3NO OZZS WO~ ::I d l ~ l. 
aNno~ Sl.H~ll::l aNno~ 

~V3As~nOASI3do~n 3 
alqel!eAV 

pJeJ '0 ' 1 leuo ! ~euJa~ul 
V ISV 

- '9'JI~:!V - l3V~ SI 
S ~46 !1 ::1 ueadoJn3 -Jal U I 

uo aJe::l J!V MOl 
AeM 

auo 6ZlS WOJ j NOONOl 
d!JIPUnOJ 69lS - NOa NOl 

S3~ Ii::l 3ld WVS 
WOJ::I 

aso04J o~ S~46!1::1 Auew 
3lS\flIV/\V 

MO N S3ln03HJS 
llV ::I - ~ 3WWnS-~N I ~ d S 

Sl.H ~ll ::l ~3l.~liH J 
lL6l 3dO~ n3 

laAUJl 


