
• 1 
Volume 16, Number 6 University of Co/ifornio, San Diego April 74, 7972 

ne Ba.ie Selace BIIlJdial OD MatDewi Cam,." IIome of tH VCSD Medkal Sellool. 

Hippocrates and the Medical School 
Tommy Co/i",.. 

" I swear by Apollo the Physician. by 
Aesculapius, Hygeia, and Panacea. and I take 
to witness all the gods, all the goddesses. to 
keep according to my ability and my judgment 
the following oath : 

"To consider dear to me as my parents who 
taught me this art : to live in common with 
him : to look upon his children as my own 
brothers, to teach them this art if they so 
desire without fee or written promise: to 
impart to my sons and the sons of the master 
who taught me and the disciples who have 
enrolled themselves and have agreed to the 
rules of the profession. but to these alone. the 
precepts and the instruction. I will prescf ibe 
regimen for the good of my patients according 
to my ability and my judgment and never do 
harm to anyone. To please no one will I 
prescribe a deadly drug. nor give advice 
which may cause his death. Nor will I give a 
woman a pessary to procure abortion. But I 
will preserve the purity of my life and myart . 
I will not cut for stone. even for patients in 
whom the disease is manifest : I will leave this 
operation to be performed by practitioners 
(specialists in this art l. In ever v house where 
I come I will enter only for ttie good of my 
patients. keeping myself far from all 
intentional ill-doing and all seduction. and 
especially from the pleasures of love with 
women or with men. be they free or slaves. All 
that may come to my 'knowl<>dge in the 
exercise of my profession or outside of my 
profession or in daily commerce with men . 
which ought not to be spread abroad. 1 will 
keep secret and will never reveal. If I keep 
this oath faithful. may I enjo~' my life and 
practice my art. respected by all men and in 
all times : but if I swerve from it or violate It. 

Cal Pirg 

may the reverse be my lot. " 
This oath, which is used in the graduation 

ceremonies of many medical schools, was not 
written by Hippocrates. although he is given 
the distinction as the " Father of Medicine." 
According to one historical source the oath 
was probably not written before 200 A.D. 

Hippocrates was a Greek physican who lived 
in the Age of Pericles (5th Century B.C.l who 
was the contemporary of Herodotus. 
Socrates, Sophocles, and Democritus. 

Hl,torial V.Udily Di.,.led 
Among some black historical circles. there 

is counterargument as to the validity of 
Hippocrates being given the distinction as the 
"father of medicine." Many contemporary 
black historians have proclaimed that 
Imhotep is the "father of medicine." They 
say. "He was one of the many geniuses of 
Africa . who lived in Egypt almost 5.000 years 
ago. He was much loved by his people. who 
worshipped him as a god for 3.000 years." 

The writings of Hippocrates were not 
assembled until almost 200 years after his 
death. Within that time periOd. Hippocrates 
was given credit for information on direct. 
personal study of diseases contained in his 
writings. 

The " Sacred Disease" is considered to be 
the oldest and most interesting section of the 
Hippocrates book collection. It deals with 
epilepsy and contains a justification of the 
"scientific method " commonlv defended in 
the medical profession . . 

Another collector's item is "Epidemics," 
Books I and III . Also included in this book are 
clinical case notes belonging to Hippocrates. 

"Art is long. life is short." "one man 's meat 
is another man 's poison." and "desperate 

continued on page 10 

New student movement direction 
Rick Drom 

The citizen 's attack on social 
problems. began b~' Ralph 
Nader. is spreading and joining 
forces with the student 
movement. Now student 
across the countr\' are 
orj!anizing their resources 
through Public Intere t 
Research Groups. On this 
campu some UCSD tudents 
met recentl~· to organize 
support for such a group in the 
San Diego area . TRITO:-'; 
TIMES interviewed Leo 
Cashman. a graduate student in 
mathematics to find out more 
about this group. 
Tr: What kind of activities do 
Public Interest Research 
Groups do? 
LC: In 196i Ralph ;\iader began 
a st\Jdy of American c.ars. His 
book. V ... fe ., AII~' Speed 
described how American car 

manufa~ur«s had emphasized 

I 
\ 1 

L) , ..... 

styling and glamour. while 
neglecting principles of sound 
design and safety. Nader's 
expose led General Motors to 
terminate the production of the 
Corvair. a car described by 
Nader as being defective in It' 
basic design. 
T'I': Where did the PIRG 
movement begin ~ 
LC: Since then. 'ader ha been 
joined b~' a cadre of other 
lawyers. engineers. economists 
and other professionals. The e 
" professional citizens" have 
been joined b~' a selected 
number of college student 
working their summer 
vacations. Called "Nader 's 
Raiders." the group represents 
the public interest in taking 
various large corporations to 
court in lawsuits . and 
investigating the competence 
and activities of government 
ajfencies. 
TT: What i the nt'('t'sSIl~' tor a 

LeoCasbmaD, 
UCSD Cal PIRG plaMer, 

Public Interest Research 
Group ? 
LC: The average concerned 
citizen doesn 't have access to 
detailed information about 
public problems. Even if he i 
relativelv well informed. the 
citizen is unable to make a dent 
in problems of large-scale 
pollution or consumer fraud . 
College students ma~' have 
access to much necessary 
information but the individual 
student doe!!n 't have the lime 

Contl.uN 011 Pal' t 

Charges, Countercharges 
Filed Over Speech Disruption 

Formal complaints were filed last Friday 
afternoon against two UCSD students, William 
Maltz and R. Montgomery Reed. following 
their alleged participation in the disruption of 
a speech given by Presidential candidate John 
Ashbrook in the Humanities - Library 
Auditorium. 

Dean Hull has notified Maltz. Reed and 
Hernandez by registered mail that they are to 
report to his office by 5 p.m. Monday 
afternoon to decide what form the disciplinary 
hearing should take. 

In cases of this sort the accused students 
have three options : they may be heard before 
a member of the administration. a committee 
on student conduct, or a hearing officer chosen 
by the Chancellor from among the members of 
the San Diego Bar. 

Frank Phillips and John MacGregor. both 
students at UCSD, filed the complaint with 
Tom Hull, Dean of Student Affairs at Revelle 
College, alleging that Maltz and Reed " made 
it impossible to hear Ashbrook by continually 
interrupting the speech with shouts and 
laughter. " 

Counter-compalints were filed Wednesd~y 
by Maltz. Reed. and Hernandez. accusing 
Kreep. Olney. Phillips. and MacGregor of 
"conspiracy to militarize the academic 
community" and attempting to "polarize a 
paceful protest. " 

The specific charge is enumerated under 
item three of Regents Rules and Regulations 
governing individuals. The regulation 
prohibits "obstruction or disruption of 
teaching . research. administration . 
disciplinary procedures, or other University 
activities, including its public service 
functions, or of authorized activities on 
university premises." 

According to Tom HUll. actions against th 
students. if they are found guilty. could range 
from a verbal warning to expUlsion. He added 
that he has barred Hernandez from re-
registering for any classes until the matter is 
resolved (Hernandez graduated last quarter ). 
After hearings are held either George Murphy. 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs. or 
Chancellor McElroy will make the final 
decision. 

In a separate action, Norman Olney and 
Gary Kreep. members of the group sponsoring 
the speech. named Maltz, Reed. and a former 
student, Manuel Hernandez. as responsible for 
the disruptions. 

Youth in Politics Stressed 
John Moxw.1I 

Tom Shepard. Del Mar 's new 
city councilman. and Mike 
Palcic, Republican primary 
opponent of Assemblyman 
John Stull from the 80th 
District spoke at a sparsely 
attended assembly Wednesday 
night. Their discussion during 
the evening led to an argument 
between the two. 

The disagreement was over 
the philosophical integrity of 
Palcic ' s running as a 
Republican. Shepard felt that 
Palcic could not honestly direct 
a campaign toward the very 
conservative Republicans of 
the North County 80th 
Assembly District and hope to 
win. Shepard remarked. "If 
you beat Stull in the primary. 
then you "ill have been saying 
things you shouldn't have. ,. 

Palcic countered that there 
were many issues on which he 
was in agreement with the 80th 
District constituency. The 
example he provide<J was 
property taxes. Palcic is 
against the property tax. He 
would rather see an increa e in 
income tax and abolition of the 
property tax. 

Shepard continued to 
maintain that Palcic ' s 
viewpOints . value . and 
Background made an hone t and 
complete appeal virtuallv 
impOSSible. One spectato'r 
commented that Pa\clc trying 
to run a campaign like that 
would "be like trying to pee up 
a fire ho e." 

Palcic further defended hi 
Republican candidac~' on the 
ground of pragmatics. i.e .. if 
you're going to win in the 80th 
you have to be Republican. 
Palcic reaffirmed that he was 
in philo ophical agreement 
with neither party. Nor would 
he admit to being more In 
agreement with either part~·. 
insisting on the independent 
nature of his politics despite hi 
Republican registration. 

In his brief presenta tion 
which opened up the as embiy. 
Shepard commented on the 

uniquel~' fortunate 
circumstances urrounding his 
\·Ictor.... Shppard 's Win over 

incumbent Ralph Staver. Del 
Mar 's largest owner of 
undeveloped land. swung the 
council toward a policy of 
strict control over 
development. Shepard 's stand 
on development "made up for 
the fact that I am a young 
person." as Shepard put it. In 
five out of the six non-student 
controlled precincts. Shepard 
ran even with Staver. 

Shepard was very pleased by 
the 95 per cent turnout in the 
Coast Boulvard - Camino Del 
Mar precinct. the area heavy in 
student population . In this 
precinct. Shepard beat Staver 
by 130 votes . Shepard 
lightheartedly noted that his 
campaign was concluded by 
"perhaps the greate t victory 
party in American political 
history . " 

Shepard pledged action 
during his four-year term. He 
-emphasized that he would not 
be afraid t(l displease anyone. 
as he was not going to run 
again. In fact. hE' said that he 
would not consider hi term in 
office a ucce s unle there 

were a re-call movement 
started against him at some 
point. 

Palcic ' s presentation 
stressed strongly the role of the 
people in politics. Palcic 
commented . " Money ha 
dominated politics for too long. 
It is time for the people to re-
take the power which i 
rightfully theirs." He further 
maintained that the right (If 
political involvement recently 
granted to young persons alsO 
entailed a re ponsibility on the 
part of youth to partiCipate in 
the American political proce s. 
Palcic then discussed some of 
the major issues of hi 
campaign. He said that he 
would stress environmental 
protection . especially the 
control of development along 
the coastline. 

He stressed trong support 
for education. and uggested 
that he would upport strong 
pro-hitchhiker legi latlOn. He 
maintains that benches and 
signs along the freeway notmg 
the presense of hitchhiking 

CoDtiDued OD Pa e 11 

Coast Cruiser Cruising 
The Coast Crui er is back. After being in the hop for over 

two weeks having $1106 worth of tran mission repairs. th 
familiar blue and white CrUiser ha returned to normal 
operation . 

According to Mark mith. CC driver ... ~ow all we need I 
some riders. " 

Non-violence Seminar 
on-violence will b the theme for a weekend emlnar April 

14-16. The Revelle Gue t-in-Re idence-Commltte will ponsor 
a seminar lor the study of non-violent actIOn thl weekend 
Friday and Saturday evening thoughA-provokmg film Will b 
shown in the Revelle Informal aoo Formal Lounge In the 
afternoon there will be dl cus ionerninar in the lounge and 
in the Beagle Guest Apartment. 

There will be an outdoor picnic held unday afternoon as 
well . Thi event is being supporte(; by both the Revelle 
Resident Hall Government and the Revelle College 
Government. In addition repre entatives trom the San 
Francisco Institute for the Stud v of Non-violence and the San 
Diego Non-violence Association Will be present tn aid 
diSCUSSIOn on the theme. 

This non-violence seminar will also show the movie. "To Kill 
a Mockingbird." m USB 2722 at 2 p.m. on Sunday. Thl film Will 
also be free to interested student and faculty . 



-' I 

Graffiti Class Offered 
Robert Reisner, New York author and critic, will conduct a 

University of California Extension seminar on graffiti on the 
UCSD campus begiMing Friday, April 14. 

Reisner, whose book Gnffltl: .. Yearl of Wall Writ", 
was published in 1971, will trace the history of wall writing 
from earliest times to.the present 

He became interested in lecturing at UCSD after reading an 
article on student graffiti published in the student newspaper, 
the TRITON TIMES, in October 1971. -

According to Reisner, scribblings of the common man, once 
belitUed by establishment scholars, are now recognized as 
impor:tant historical, sociological and psychological records. 

The course, " Graffiti : Past and Present." will meet Friday 
(April 14) from 7 to 10p.m. and Saturday (April 15) from 9a .m. 
until 4 p.m. It will meet again the same hours the following 
weekend, April 21-22. It will be held in Room 2250 of the 
Humanities and Social Science Building (2D) . Muir Campus, 
UCSD. ' 

For enrollment information call University Extension at 453-
2000. X2061. 

March in los Angeles 
On April 22 in Los Angeles and New York there will be 

peaceful . legal demonstrations calling for an immediate, total , 
unconditional withdrawal of all U.S. forces and materials from 
.)outheast Asia and an immediate halt to the bombing. These 
demonstrations have been called by the National Peace Action 
Coalition and the Student Mobilization Committee to End the 
War in Southeast Asia (SMCI. and endorsed by broad sections 
of the American population. As well . endorsements have come 
from such figures as Eugene McCarthy. Bert Corona of CASA. 
Rev. H. H. Brookins of SCLC. Sen. Edmund Muskle. Mayor 
John Lindsay. Corky Gonzales. and many others. 

French Program Closed 
The Intensive Summer Language Abroad Program in French 

has filled to capacity, but a few opemngs still remain for the 
Spanish program to be held in Madrid . Spain . 

The summer Spanish program is designed for all levels of 
proficiency - from beginners with little or no knowledge of 
the language to those with considerable background. The 
program will be held at the University of Madrid and students 
will be housed in a modern colegio where they will live in single 
rooms and be provided with three meals in the Spani h 
tradition. Travel will be by Air France. Arrangements have 
been made with various Spanish agencies 10 provide an 
ex tensive series of cultural actlvities-film s. lectures. visits 
to museums and monuments and excursions to national point 
of mterest. 

Persons interested in the few remaining vacancies in the 
Spanish program should contact the Summer Session Office as 
soon as possible to reserve a place. 

Music Happening 
There will be a spontanPOUS music happening this Sunday at 

7: 30 in the Revelle Informal Lounge. Anyone interested in 
sharing their musical talents or listening to others should 
attend . There will be a piano there to aid performers. Come 
and experience music. 

Editorial Cartoon Contest 
The Higgins Ink Compan~' has initiated a contest to find the 

best student editorial cartoon of 1972. The contest is open to 
a n~' student in the United States who is Dol drawing 
professionally . Contestants do not have to be art students nor 
to have had their cartoons published. 

Each contestant is limited to two entries. Size of drawings 
should not exceed Ilxl4 inches. Pencil drawings will not be 
considered. India ink must be used in the finished work . but can 
be "blended" with olher mediums such as graphite pencil. dry 
brush or benda\' . 

Subject matter i ~ open . There is no limitation so long as the 
subject concerns .. n easily recognizable topic of the da~' in 
world or national 1 ff~irs . either political or sociaL Each entry 
must be ~igned b:' lhe artist and have full name. age and 
address cleJrl~' Ii.oted on the reverse side of the drawing. 
Determining qual ties for judging will be craftsmanship. 
interest. forcefulntSs and general worth . 

ubmissions wil l not be returned and will become the 
property of the Hi ~glns Ink Company. Deauliroe for entr;f><I i 
J an. 31. 1973. All enlrants must be citizens of the United States. 

AWARDS WILL 3E AS FOLLOWS: 
First Prize : $500 U.S. Savings Bond. 
Second Prize : S2!iO . U.S. Sal'ings Bond. 
Third Prize : SIOC. Ir S. Savings Bond. 
i'here Will be ten honorable mentions . Each winner in this 
(,dle!!Or~' will receive certificates and sketching pens from 
!-',Iber-Castell . Each entrant will. receive a bottle of Black 
:\laj! ic ink and a Black Magic pencil with the compliments of 
'hI' , ponsors. 

r:ntries should be mailed to : Mr. Jack DoI·le. Director of 
keting. Higgins Ink Company. Division of Faber-Castell 
ti l Co .. 41 Dickerson Street. :'\ewark. ~ew Jersel' 07103. 
nes must be postmarked no later than midnight. hnuar~' 
1973. 

1ge 2 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

. , 

Third College Bldgs. Set for 1974 
Fourth College Moy Open Foil 1975 

If all goes as plaMed, Third 
College will begin in the first 
group of its permanent 
buildings, Fall Quarter 1974: 
and by Fall 1975, UCSD will 
begin to admit the first 
students to its Fourth Collele. 

This new plan, described 
recently by Dr. Paul Saltman, 
vice chancellor for academic 
affairs, is UCSD's response to 
directives from UC President 
Charles Hitch, urging that 
UCSD's growth rate increase. 
Over the last few years UCSD. 
along with UC Santa Cruz and 
UC Davis, have been the three 
most popular campuses among 
applicants for undergraduate 
admission to the University of 
California . They have 
consistently reached their 
respective admissions quotas ' 
early and have had to redirect 
many. qualified applicants. 

Because of its current 
'popular appeal , Hitch has 
asked that UCSD increase its 
admission of undergraduates 
by Fall 1973 from 300 to 600 
while continuing to admit 100 
graduate students. According 
to Dr. Sallman. Chancellor 
McElroy has agreed to this 
doubled growth rate only if he 
University provides UCSD with 
the resources necessary to 
improve its high quality of 
undergraduate education. 

Growtb Witbout Resources 
Saltman feels that UCSD has 

been so popular in recent years 
because students "knew UCSD 
bas a committment to under· 
graduate education . " 
However, Saltrnan adds that 
for four years "we bave been 
growing without resources." 
At present. UCSD's student· 
teacher ratio is the second 
hilhest in the UC system 
<Davis has the highest) . In the 
past four years it has risen 
from 15 to 1 to lS.6 to I. "Over 

Revelle and Muir Colleges 
are both at or near their 
projected capacities of 3000 
students each. Third College is 
also planning a capacity of 3000 
students. However: according 
to Saltman. it prefers to If ow 
more slowly than did Revelle 
and Muir to maintain its ethnic 
identity. Thus. any permanent 
Ifowth in UCSD's size must be 
through the addi tion of a 
Fourth College. 

HDUS;1I1 

()f1In~~ 

ACDdtmiG 
'8", ",lIgs tI 
Opt"Sp4te r JQu.~J 

the years our attractiveness 
has cost us." Sallman feels. If 
the additional resources are 
forth-coming from the 
president's office. " our aim is 
not to stay where we are in 
terms of ratios. but to get back 
to the ratios necessary for high 
qualit y undergraduate 
education ." President Hitch 
has until Feb. 1. 1973 to decide 
whether or not to provide the 
funds for a Fourth College. 

RevIIIOD. of OriliUl Pili. 
UCSD's original plan called 

for 12 cluster colleges in 
clusters of three colleges each. 
Originally the plan called for 
28.000 students but was revised 
downward to 10.000 students. 
Now. in light of UCSD 's 
current popularity. this figure 
has been revised upward to 
between 12 and 15.000 . Fourth 
College will begin the second 
cluster of three colleges. 

As yet. its character is 
undetermined. Dr. Isaacs from 
Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography has proposed 
wbat be terms the Leonardo Da 
Vinci Cluster Plan. Fourth 
College will be the first college 
of this cluster. This cluster. 
according to Saltman. would be 
"highly interdilciplinary" and 
would deal with the applied 
sciences. social sciences and 
applied humanities. 

If the resources for Fourth 
College are approved the 
Matthews Campus will 
undoubtedly be used as a 
staging area for the new 
college. as has been done for 
UCSD's first three colleges. 
Third College will thus need 
buildings of its own in which to 
move. The first step in this 
building process involves the 
formation of working drawings 
and plans. The money for these 
plans has been included in the 
as yet unapproved 1972·73 UC 
budget. 

According to the Office of 
Architects and Engineers on 
campus. the site for Third 
College will be somewhere 
north and east of Muir College. 
The College will need approxi· 
mately 30 acres . 10 for parking 
and 20 for academic facilities . 
housing and open space. A 
more detailed site development 
master plan will be formulated 
this summer . 

Pastor Stresses Christian Unity 
"We Christians desperately need 

each other. Like the blind man. we 
have each grasped part of the elephant 
and called it the whole. ThiS must 
change." 

These were orne of the words of 
campus pastor John George Huber as 
he presented a talk on "Current 
Religious Options" to a small audience 
Tuesda y evening at University 
Lutheran Church. The talk was the 
first of an eight·week series entitled 
"A Religious Quest. " 

The purpose of the series. explained 
Rev. Huber. is .. to present an overview 
of the Christian faith at a deeper level 
than that obtained in Sunday School 
and by occasional church attendance. 

• Exposure to the Bible will ta ke place in 
an open atmosphere where discussion 
and criticism can take place." 
Tuesday 's introductory meeting 
explored recent developments in 
theology and in the Christian church in 
an attempt to determine where the 
church stands todav. 

Polarization is widespread in today 's 
Christian community. according to 
Rev . Huber. and has transformed the 
church into something far different 
from what it was in its early days. This 

Chuck Graham 
division exists. he noted. even within 
the s eparate denomination s 
themselves. "There are several issues 
which have helped cause this. " he 
noted. First . " pietists " versus 
"activists" - they disagree on the 
extent to which the church should 
involve itself in today 's issues. 
"Biblicists" and "secularists" argue 
over how relevant the Bible is to 
toda y' s world. and 
" denominationalists " and 
"ecumenists" are at odds over 
whether or not there shou ld be more 
unity within the church. 

Three "gaps" show the currenltypes 
of criticism being leveled at the church 
from outside. Rev . Huber pointed out. 
A "credibility gap" epitomizes the 
difficulty of much of society in 
believing what is taught by the church ; 
the "relevance gap" exposes a society 
that cannot now find any meaning in 
what once was believed : the 
"performance gap" brings to light 
accusations that church doctrine is 
meaningless - since it is not followed 
by action. 

Today's " religious counter-culture" 
is seen by Rev. Huber as the result of a 
conviction among young people that 

the church has " failed " and become 
stagnant. " There is an anti -
institutional mood which is impatient 
with the churches' hesitation to 
change. The tendency is also anti-
in tellectual. placing more value on 
feeling. emotion . intuition . the 
mystical. spontaneous expression and 
joy ." Symptomatic of this attitude. 
said Rev. Huber. are such things as, in 
the Roman Catholic Church, resistance 
to papal authority in such matters as 
celibacy · and birth control : 
"underground" churches. such as the 
Berkeley Free Church ; and, lastly. the 
"Jesus Movement. " 

Rev. Huber concluded his talk by 
pointing out the consequent need for a 
Ifeater spirit of unity. or ecumenism. 
among Christians in all branches of the 
church. "We must rediscover our 
common heritage and . history, and 
realize that we are all one in Christ. " 
The unity of the church must be a 
prelude to the unity of mankind, and 
the church must assume its role in 
helping to bring this about. 

Next Tuesday 's topic (S p.m .. 
University Lutheran OIurch I will be : 
" Proofs and Disproofs for God in 
Nature, Science and the Church." 

Cal Pirg on campus from pagel the health or safety aspect. TT: What kind of problems will 
our student PIRG work on? 

have endorsed the group. At 
Grossmont already 3.100 
students have volunteered 
donations. PIRGs are going to 
be set up in LA and in the San 
Francisco Bay area. Students 
in the state of Oregon were the 
first to set up a regional PIRG 
last year. and now there are 
student PIRGs already existing 
in twenty·four of the states. 
n: How can UCSD come to 
participate in the San Diego 
PIRG? 

or the skills to do anything 
specific about the problem. 

EffecliveDels of Studeats 
TT: Would you sav that 
students. even' when working 
together have trouble being 
effective? 

-LC: At times. ves . Of course 
the student peace movement 
has been important in turning 
this countr~' toward withdrawal 
from Vietnam. But student 
activism has tended to be a 
sporadic response to a crisis 
situation. often followed bv 
frustration and depression 
from lack of success. The 
Public Interest Research 
Group is an entirely new 
directton in the student 
movement. At the core of the 
student's PIRG will be a 
nucleous of professionals -
lawyers. engineers. scientists 

to provide continuit~ . 
expertise and direction to the 

efforts of students. 
TT: If the PIRG is being 
staffed by skilled profpssionals. 
wherE' do the students fit into 
the pk'ture? 
LC: Our student PIRG wi:! 
belong to the students of the 
participating campus~s. The 
students. by payment of dues. 
provide the financial base for 
the operations. Representing 
students will participate in the 
biring of PIRG director and his 
professional stafr. The 
professional staff will be 
direCted bv these students onto 
the problems which are of 
greatest concern to the 
students. Also. students and 
faculty can help to do the 
research necessary for some of 
the projects. For' example. a 
law student can help research 
the legal aspect of some 
question. while a science 
student might help to research 

LC: I think you already know 
the kind of issues that Nader 's 
group has been investigating. 
We certainly have enough 
problems to be concerned with 
here in San Diego County. 
Smog - how bad is it here. how 
damaging is it to our health. 
and what's the best thing to do 
about it? Other problems of 
vital concern are consumer 
protection. protection of 
beaches and natural areas. 
racial and sexual 
discrimination. and delivery of 
health care. 

PIRG III So Ditlo 
TT: How far have San Diego 
area colleges lone in setting 
up the PIRG here? 
LC: So far the campaign has 
been set in motion on five of the 
campuses : Grossmont. Mesa. 
Southwestern . State and 
University of San Dielo. At 
USD two-thirds of the students 

LC : The first step is for the 
idea to become understood and 
supported by the students. On· 
going financial support has to 
be pledled by the students in 
the form of a slight increase in 
registration fees. The fee 
increase should not be so large 
as to constitute a burden on the 
poorer students. Most schools 
which have approved the plan 
have increased fees by $1 per 
student per quarter. This 
amounts to a fee increase for 

CoIItiHed. PI.t 11 

t 

by the 

highways 

of babylon 
In Southern California, most of us pay 

homage to Ihe great God Freeway many times 
during the week. 

With the rise of Department of Transporta-
tion subsidies, the boggling number of free-
ways leave many of us worshippers in a 
quandary over where to leave our burnt 
orrerings of gas emissions. 

Rather like a sacred are, San Diego's 
newest holy road is Interstate Highway 805 
which, when rinished, will connect Del Mar 
to the San Diego State College area and the 
State College area to San Ysidro. 

For those of you who like freewa ys, I im-
agine the splendor of S05 is flooring. 

For those of you who heartily object to 
freeways, it might appear to be a gargantuan 

archite~tural n.ightmare. 

For those of you, who, like me, are torn, 
disliking the added freeways and the rising 
amount of people, but enjoying the conven· 
tience of getting somewhere faster, I have an 
oxymoronic description: 805 Is at the same 
lime wonderfully horrible and horribly won-
derful. 
(Choose one of the above) . 

I 

photographs by michael greene 
April 1", 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



• • 

·opln.lon. 
The opi:'ions expressed on these pages are those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines and do not necessarily reflect the views of 
the TRION TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published on these pclges should send it to the Editorial Diredar. Triton Times. 117 
Blake hall. UCSD . 

Science and the Renaissance 
Man at Revelle 

Mkhtl Kayt 

Editor's note: 
.. tile la.t ID.taUmtat (TRITON TIMES, AprU 
11) Mr. Kay olUbled III. propoull for 
blterdepenmntal CGOperltiOI at VCSD. 

Several objections will be raised against my proposal. It may 
be suggested that the interdepartmental cooperation so 
indispensable to the success of this scheme is a preposterous 
fantasy that could never be achieved. Certainly there would be 
tricky problems to iron out in balancing and integrating the 
contributions from each field. Without minimizing that 
inevitable hurdle, I maintain that it would not be 
insurmountable. We already can see an operationally workable 
precedent for multi-disciplinary coordination in the Greco-
Roman course offered through the jOint resources of the 
History, Philosophy, and Literature departments. The inter-
disciplinary cross·fertilization of ideas and materials might 
even prove as mutually beneficial to the teaching staff as to the 
students. 

It may be further objected that no usable textbooks exist 
which could answer the requirements of such a course. But 

.back in the late 1930's and early 1940's, Robert Millikan at Cal 
Tech and Lloyd Taylor at Oberlin independently developed 
physics texts that incorporated brilliant historical perspective 
into the exposition of conventional course materials. Both 
books became classics and are available today in inexpensive 
softbound edItions. I've never come across any comparable 
masterpieces in biology or chemistry. But if Revelle is to seize 
the initiative and live up to its own pretensions as a dynamic 
trailblazer In sCIence education. then the prospect of having to 
construct from scratch a whole new type of textbook should not 
be cause for fear or trepidation. After all , our faculty is surely 
capable of wr iting its own books - as any trip through the 
campus bookstore will bear witness. 

An 'Enriched' Science 
It may be further contended that what I have proposed is a 

llberal artsy course that might be suitable for Muir but which 
has no proper place In the Revelle curriculum. The next thing 
vou know and a course like that would ~ peppered with guest 
iecturers from anthropology and li terature speaking on such 
"irrelevant" topics as primitive technology. the Prometheus 
Bound, or perhaps Brecht 's play about Galileo. Well , I frankly 
agree that a humanistic science education would suit the needs 
of liberal arts students far better than most present science 
offerings. But I am not urging a sequence of courses in 
"science for non-scientists". And I am not recommending a 
watering down of Revelle 's science standards. On the 
contrary. I am pleading for " cienct! not merely 
conventionally substantia l but vastlv enriched. 

WIll iam Osler in medicine. Roscoe Pound in law - the 
leading lights of every profession - have always recogmzed 
the Importance of studYing the roots and wellsprings of the 
traditions they inheri ted and the discipli nes they so capably 
practIced. No less can be aId of the importance to scientists of 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FA Y 459-7355 

Listen To 
KSDT 

Our l llh year oj Chartt r flight s 
to LONDON 

or BR USSELS 
Juno 16 Sor' IA ' 259 
Juno 13 Aug 31 "69 
June " • Sop' 8 " 65 
July 17 Aug 12 !165 

P,ol. P. hnllil (213) 277 ·5200 
c/o S,.rr. Tr ... llnc. 

98JS S.nl.Mon,ca .l,d , 
e.,.rly Hills 

or phon. S.D. rep. LOU GALPER 
(7141 S13·2002 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 f . Sire. I 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue, · Sol 
9 A5- 5:3O 

Women Wekom. 

Closed Sun & Mon. 
233·8328 

Page 4 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

being well-grounded in the historical and human backdrop of 
their scientific heritage. Newton, Einstein, and Jacob 
Bronowski - who I hope will be considered for the ReveUe 
provostship - all epitomozed the fine tradition of seeing 
farther than other men because tbey took such care to master 
the works of their predecessors and thence to "stand on the 
shoulders of giants. ,. 

It may be further argued that there is already too much 
material crammed into the present 5-eourse basic science 
requirement and that no space remains for history, philosophy 
or other such icing on the cake of hard science. But I do not 
agree that the humanistic disciplines are in any way 
superfluous. Nor am I convinced thatthe present compartmen-
talization and scatterspread of knowledge is by any means 
inevitable or desirable. I think it is not only feasible but 
imperative to develop courses committed to the holistic 
principles of eclecticism and re·integration. 

I concede that the sequence here proposed would have to be 
expanded to a minimum of six quarter courses in the lower 
division. But I should reiterate that I am asking for an 
incorporation of history and philosophy blto the science 
exposition - a streamlined synthesis, not a tandem duplication 
of effort. The Taylor course at Oberlin reportedly required no 
more time to present than a conventional physics class. In any 
event , the sequence should be conducted at a sufficiently 
thorough and rigorous level that students finishing the track 
could progress directly into major coursework in upper 
division sciences. 

It may be objected that a 3-professor course is unnecessarily 
inefficient and that one man should be able to teach each unit 
of the sequence. Ultimately. I would hope that such multi-
competent teachers WIll emerge. But for the present. 
Professor Wilson admits that he's not up on the latest theories 
in quantum mechanics. On the other hand. scarcely any 
scientists are at all familiar lIo'ith the vast proliferation of 
materials developed by science historians over the past two 
decades. Many teachers and science texts still propagate 
stories about Newton . for instance, that are now known to be 
pure myth. For the time being. the advantages of a multi-
disciplinary approach far outweigh the drawback of seeming 
inefficiency and extra cost. 

ChalleDged to Discover 
St. John 's College at Annapolis has developed a unique 

method of lab Instruction that re-ereates the crucial 
experiments of scientific history in lieu of conventional 
cookbook exercises. It 's not even a dire catastrophe when 
expenmental results don't come out right. Instead of being 
forced to fudge their data in the interests of academic survival. 
students are challenged to discover for themselves exactly 
where and how the experimental er~or was introduced. And 
efforts expended in tracking down error are considered no less 
valuable than successful performance on the first try . I suggest 
that the St. John 's plan be adapted for the lab sections of the 
third-track science sequence. According to the page of author 
background in the current issue (March ) of Scientific 
American, Pforessor Wilson not only taught for many years at 
St. John 's but was in fact actively engaged in continuous 
evaluation and improvement of the laboratory program there. 
Surely few people anywhere are better acquainted with the 
virtues and defects of that system as compared with the more 
traditional methods used at UCSD. By experience and 
predisposition. Dr. Wilson should prove invaluable to the 
design of an improved lab system here. 

I do not think that the proposals I have advanced hcrt' would 
.be popularly embraced by the Revelle student body. Almost 
certainly. the majority of students will conti nue to elect one of 
the standard options already available . What I advocate is not 
the replacement of those options but rather the development of 
an alternatIve for students who find the present science 
offerings distasteful. Other and better plans might be devised. 
and I hope that scholars with more attractive thoughts will 
submit their own proposal~ for consideration by the college 
community. Meanwhile. I do suggest that this third·track 
science sequence - though surelv not a panacea for all the ills 
that afflict science education at Revelle - would be one step. 
and a valuable one. toward the solution of those ills . 

Moreover . thi s experimental venture would be wholly 
consIstent with Revelle 's neo-Renaissance ideals and with its 
sel f·appointed role as national pace-setter at the frontiers of 
sc ience and of science instruction. Further. I think a 
relatively small class size would be far preferable to the 
massIve enrollments in USB 2722 courses. If 75 students out of 
every entering freshman class elected to pursue the third-track 
option. that should suffice to warrant a 3·professor course and 
to justify development of this experi mental alternative . 

It may finally be objected that I am a know'nothing 
sophomore who has no proper business diagnosing the faults or 
prescribing the remedy for Revelle's curricular dysfunction. 
That point is true and well taken. I will gladly step 'down from 
my soap box as soon as my worthy faculty mentors consent to 
enter the arena and take over the task I have so feebl y begun . 

In my next essay . I Will conclude this series by considering 
the plight of those who are scholars by instinct but who feel 
alienated by all formal academic systems. 

On CSI 
Marcus Woersching 

Three weeks ago, during final exam time, most students at 
UCSD were probably rather annoyed to discover in their mail a 
slick. color foldout sheet from a certain conservative Campus 
Studies Institute. its main theme being that whatever functions 
government takes over. it invariably does them worse than if 
they were handled by the private sector. and thus a cut back in 
government size is necessary . Using a cardgame layout that 
attempts to capitalize on the current revival in popularity of 
W.C. Fields, the Institute gives us some examples of 
government ineffectiveness and informs us that "government. 
like your mother-in-law. is a good policeman but a lousv 
problem solver" . This is an old conservative line which is only 
partially true. Most of the examples given break down upon 
closer examination and do not necessarily show that cutting 
back government functions is the solution. 

First come attempts to scare us with figures that purport to 
show an alarming increase in the size of "big government. .. 
From 1952 to 1972, National Defense expenditures rose by 66 
percent from 46 billion to 77 billion , while during the same 
period Health. Education and Welfare rose a supposedly 
astronomical 1.346 percent. However , this is a rather deceptive 
comparison since in 1952, only 5 billion went to HEW thus 
making the increase afterwards appear to be very large. In 
reality, it is roughly of the same magnitude as military 
spending. just 8 billion above tbe military 's 72 billion. . 

The increase in the percentage of the labor force working for 
the government is not· that ominous a trend . It reflects certa in 
historical changes such as the increased size of the military 
durlng the years after World War II. the space program. the 
assumption of such tasks as highway and airport construct ion 
that was previously done by the private sector, as was the case 
with the railroads. and the economy's change over the years 
from an industrial to a super-industrial economy tas descri bed 
in Alvin Toffler's FllVe Sbocill in which more people are 
employed in service industries. government being one of them. 
than in strictly blue-eollar jobs producing goods. It is 
ridiculous to predict that in a definite future date everyone will 
be working for the government. This could only come about 
through the nationalizallon of all the private . corporate sector. 
on the scale of the USSR. which is highly unlikely given our 
present system of government and the peoples ' political 
attitudes. 

HJgbway CompetitloD 
Originally. government regulation of the railroads was 

desperately needed to stop the exploitation of farmers and 
other groups b.v railroad monopolies which the government had 
earlier encouraged through laVIsh land grants (read The 
OctOJIII' by Frank Norris ). It is not so much government 
regulation that "busted" certain aspects of rail service, it was 
the competition from government financed and subsidized 
highways and airports that cut into the railroads ' business 
especially passenger service. all of this being promoted by 
powerful. private. highway and aviation lobbies. Also. 
" featherbedding" contracts won by overly powerful unions 
have increased railroad costs. The solution is not to stop 
regulation of such things as rates and safety procedures. but to 
gIve less lavish favors to the railroads ' competitors (for 
instance. by unlocking the highway trust fund ) and to change 
union work rules. Finally . it is questionable whether the 
railroads are that "busted." Though they have been losing 
money on passenger servIce. their freight runs are still rather 
profitable. 

It is true that the US government has a monopoly on mall 
service. However , the solution to inefficient service. as with 
other government sanctioned public utility monopolies . IS 
better regulation . This . has been done by the Nixon 
administration. The Post Office has been changed from a 
cabinet level department to an autonomous, publicly owned 
corporation. This has freed it from the excessive control of 
Congress and the patronage system. The new corporation has 
raised postal rates to lessen its deficit and discourage 
excessive use of the mails (junk mail) . promoted qualifIed 
personnel and acquired more sophisticated equipment to 
cheaply handle the huge volumes of mail. 

Minimum wages are necessary to insure against exploitation 
of workers by their employers. However . perhaps an argument 
can be made against excessively high minimur:, wage rates 
that throw unskilled workers out of work because their labor is 
not worth the wage that must be paid. Perhaps a slight 
lowering is needed. especially for teenagers who need unskilled 
jobs the most and who have higher employment rates than 
adults. But this is a specious argument that minimum wage 
laws should be abolished altogether. 

Urban ReDewal 
The urban renewal program was origina lly intended to raze 

slums and replace them with decent low-eost housing 
However. as the program evolved. it changed from this 
original emphasis to that of an all-purpose tool for revltalizmg 
the downtown cores of bi ro c itie~ . It was used to also build 
government centers. cultur<ll facilitIes . office complexes and 
upper-income high rise apartments. While these were also 
urgent. admirable and much-needed projects, top priority 
should have been given to the original aim of providing 
adequate low-cost housing for the poor . The s91ution is not to 
abolish urban renewal but to change the law to requ ire 
adequate low-eost housing to be built for all those displa ced 
when slums are cleared. The private sector can not be relied on 
to provide low-cost housing, because it simply is not 
economically feasible. Since there is no profit in it, private 
developers build only for upper and middle·income groups. 
Until the income of the poor can be raised or technological 
breakthroughs, (such as assembly line, mass·produced, 
factory housing ) make it economically feasible for the priva te 
sector to build low-eost housing, government subsidies must be 
relied on for one of this nation 's goals , as determined by 
Congress. that is. to provide decent housing for all its citizens 
is to be met. 

Thus . most of the examples «iven do not necessarily prove 
that their solution. that government divest itself of these 
functions . is valid. Certainly the government 's performance 
could have been better in these cases. but that is not sufficient 

COItilluttl on Pqt S 

OnCSI... c.... ...... Pap. 
reuon for turnlnl back and abolilllllll gOVernmeDt 
intervention in areas that the private sector originally could 
not bandle. Instead, certain areas of the government 
performing badly should have their pI'OIJ'ams modified and 
improved or replaced with better ones if necessary. 

In its criticism of government blunders, the Campus Studies 
Instltute picks only certain Ilberal social welfare programs 
that turned out not to be completely effective, and ignores 
othen that are just as (or even more ) wasteful which have 
benefited its conservative supporters sucb as the Vietnam 
War. the cost overruns on weapons systems, the procurement 
of unnecessary armaments and other wasteful military 
spending. There are the many tax loopboles, the oil depletion 
allowallCe, capital gains eJemptions and farm subsidy 
programs that benefit large corporatioris and the wealthy. 

GoIlIIa Gov .... ,.uu. 
Their assertion that ··government. like your mother-in-law, 

is a good policeman but a lous~ problem solver" is a grossly 
distorted and sweepilll generalization so typical of the 
conservative right. While government bas often been 
ineffective and has caused new problems of its own, it bas also 
solved many others. Government actions have resulted in mass 
education, purer food and drugs, an end to child labor and the 
gross eJploitation of adult labor, more honest advertising, 
parks, social security for older people, better health care for 
the poor, the landilll of a man on the moon and the winning of 
WWI and WWII. etc. etc . Present government actions are 
combating air and water pollution. haphazard land use and sex 
and racial discrimination. In San Diego, tbe city council 's 
recent ban on billboards is a big step in the solving of one of our 
urban problems. that of unrelieved and overpowering ugliness 
created by the private sector 's unrestrained use of the 
landscape for advertising. 

As to tbeir "Oops! Sorry" section criticising certain 
government misinformation, the same thing, is true with 
regards to the private sector. Oops! Sorry, GM s Corvalr does 
have unsafe steering. Oops! Sorry, automobiles do cause smog. 
Oops! Sorry, cigarettes do cause I~ng cancer after all. Oops! 
Sorry, mosquitoes do become resIstant to DDT, makln~ It 
ineffective unless used in larger and larger concentratIOns 
which , by the way, kills birds and other animals. Oops ' Sorry. 
the Lockhead C·SA will cost 5 billion. just a 2 billion dollar 
difference. Oops! Sorry, ITT contributed to the Republican 
Convention and soon after had an anti-trust suit settled in its 
favor. Thus. the private sector makes <IS many mistakes and 
causes as many problems as the public sector . Perhaps 
Campus Studies Institute should consider the words of one of 
its own kind, Mayor Richard J . Daley of Chlca/lo when he saId 

'~re we perfect? Are you perfect?" 
Power DI.trt"'tloll 

Campus Studies Institute deplores organized groups such as 
big business. big labor, the Poor People's Lobby . Common 
Cause, Nader 's Raiders. etc" pressuring the government for 
laws favorable to their interests. However. as long as there are 
governments possessing power and money. some person . group 
or groups is going to acquire it. A power vacuum does not last 
long. What is needPd then is not an abolition of the right of 
groups and individuals to petition and to try to influence the 
government. but a wider distribution of this power so that the 
competing groups and interests tend to ba~ance each other out 
and prevent gross excesses and favontlsm toward certain 
groups. Throughout most of United States history. powe~ has 
rested with organized and economic groups - namely bUSiness 
and commercial interests. Today. formerly unorganized and 
non-economic groups are organizing. raising the neces~ry 
funds and beginning to apply a much-needed counteractlDg 
force . Unorganized. atomized individuals by themselves are 
almost powerless against well-financed and organized lobbies 
and pressure groups. ... . 

With these unrequested. peTlodlC mailings by the 
conservative Campus Studies Institute. the undergraduate 
student at UCSD is getting somewhat more than he originally 
thought when he applied to UCSD. The institute. of course. 
would argue that this is necessary to provide the opposing 
viewpoint to balance that of the left on this campus. They fear 
that the insidious leftist progaganda will lead our 
impressionable. naive minds astray. However valid this might 
be, their presentation on the whole was so distorted. 
oversimplified . shallow and full of half-truths as to do a great 
disservice to the furthering of learning and education at UCSD. 
Rather than give us a ~reater understanding of our problems, 
their slick sheet tended to mislead, scare and alarm rather 
than enlighten. 

While the Campus Studies Institute has every right to mail 
its propaganda . is this right accorded to other non-right 
groups? How did they get their mailinl lists from the 
Universitv? Are these lists available to other groups? I would 
like to taear from Common cause. Nader's Raiders, Zero 
Population Growth and the Vietnam Vets Against the War. etc. 

Finallv. in this election year . I would like to see t~e Campus 
Studies institute. since it is conducting an indirect campaign. 
to fullv disclose the list of its contributors as have McGovern. 
Lindsiv. Muskie and Humphrey. If we are to allow them to try 
to infhience us. we should at least know who their backers are. 
They might even illClude I'M' and C. Arnholt Smith. 

triton times 
Edilur-in·fhi,·r "ull, S,'h'in 
UI" t:ditor UU\ icl lIu(·hhintl,·r 
\Iu'nul'in" Eclilur fum' Shuric'k 
t:ul)~ t:dilur C:huc·k (~ruhum 
lIul"ine'l''' \Iunlll"'r T.'rr' I\uruk 
t:diluriul J)in·.·tur ~Iar~' Siep:eI 
.\rll't:dilur ':urrit, Kirk." 

~1)4lrtl' t:dilur \1 ike' Rulh 
I'hul.",ruph~ t:tlilur JCM' Eu .. I.'rn 
Tile TIIIfOH YII1IIB ......... ., '''09'',recl .... ~ 0, 0 , ....... 
_".,.. b., .... c __ , Ioo.d 01 .... Un ..... " 01 Co~Ior .... 
* Doeto ~ .. 250. Mer!fIt., C_ .... , . 10 Jollo CoIdOlft,o m37 
, ....... _" Le ..... 1f ..,1_1' .... f,...,. ()If,g, 0,,1oc_ 
'" ,_ 117 ..... Hel. OIl ....... C_"" '" --...... ......... 
.,Hooo.<I11017 . ......... 00I o, .... ,....-a 10" 

Letter to the Editor 
Where the Action is Really At 

EDITOR'S NOTE: TIlt "It qurter 
break wal Marcil 11 tlln March !I. 
Note 1M work 100d of Dr. WHlI_. 
dvill tW,tllDe. 

Editor : 
I very much hope you will print the 

accompanving document. which was 
prepared by Professor Donald Wesling 
in the Literature Department - and 
doubtless bv other professors - at the 
request of the Academic Senate 's 
Committee on Educational Policy. I 
should presume for tbe purpose of 
gathering evidence to refute charges 
that UC professors don't work. take no 
interest in teaching. and so forth . 1 
think the document deserves wider 
circulation. namelv to all students. For 
some time I have felt very strongly 
that much friction between teachers 
and students at UCSD arises from 
student illnorance about the kinds of 

people teachers are and the kinds of 
lives they lead. During this academic 
vear I have therefore spent a few 
'minutes in nearlv every class telling 
my students how j spent' my time since 
I saw them last. Let me cite one 
example of what happened. Many, 
manv students who used to sneer at 
scholarship as a mere "publish or 
perish" mode of self·aggrandizement 
now realize that scholarship is a 
necessary function in the community 
of learning : scholarship provides the 
information and ideas which enable the 
teacher to teach: scholarship provides 
the increasingly better edited 
paperback texts without wh ich most 
classes could "ever be given. I think 
that this kind of personal give-and· take 
has enormously increased my rapport 
with mv students. Certainlv it has 
improved my teaching. and ' elevated 
my morale. It's no fun to be a feared or 

hated teacher. It It fun to be friends 
with students on an open and equal 
basis. 

Donald Wesling's diary tells very 
much the same storY. but from a 
different point of view. Here are tbe 
lact. of how most of the UCSD 
teachers live. The typical teacher. like 
the typical student today. is undu l~' 
harried and pressured. UCSD teachers 
are not living the lives they ought to 
live. and UCSD students are not 
getting the education they have a right 
to hope for . But there II one thing that 
can be done and done immediately: 
mutual understanding between teacher 
and student leads to mutual respect 
which leads to mutual affection. And 
with enough mutual affection. almosl 
anything can be endured. It might even 
turn out to be an educational 
experience. Edwin Fussell 

Literature 

A Diary of University-Related Activities 
Donald" esling, Associate Professor of Engli h 

Department of Literature, LCSD 
The Diary runs from Monday, March 

20, 1972 to Saturday, April l. 1972. The 
first week recorded is a week of 
supposed 'vacation break' and the 
second week recorded is the Spring 
Quarter First Week of Classes. I will 
remark at the outset - for what it is 
worth to bureaucrats - that my own 
response to this Diary is one of mild 
surprise and disgust. For myself. the 
two major findings are : first, that 
though there is here recorded a great 
deal of activity. there is little if 
anything in these weeks of genuine 
reflection or original thought : second. 
that apparently I have no life apart 
from the University. 
MODclay, Z8 Marcb 
9-9 :30 a.m. Reading for research 
10:30-12 a. m. Attend ceremony 
honor ing writer J. L. Borges in the 
Mandeville Suite 
12·2 p.m. During and after lunch ID 
office: sign "incomplete" forms for 
students in Winter course. English 126 : 
studv MSS . for the new literar~' 
magazine. TIle Last Review 
2-4 Attend Departmental ExecutIve 
Committee 
7-10 p.m. Attend Borges lecture. "The 
Writer and his Compass." at San Diego 
State College 
10 p.m. to 1 :30 a.m. Grading of English 
126 papers 
1'1Itlday, %1 Marell 
7:40 a.m.-8 :20 a.m. Grade English 126 
papers at home 
9: 15·9 :45 a.m. Grade papers on bus. 
10 a.m.-12 :30 p.m. Conference about 
grading of English 126 papers with 
Reader Judith Saunders 
12 :40-3 :30 Finish grading and turn in 
jlrades 
3:30-4 :25 Type for departmental 
records m\' accounts of Winter Quarter 
Graduate ·Students in 297 courses. and 
in English 246. . 
5·5:30 Discuss departmental bUSiness 
on the bus with colleague Fred Randel 
9 p.m.-Il p.m. Write Comments on 
papers of English 246 graduate 
students - for return tomorrow noon. 
Tltlday, %1 Marc. 
11 :30 p.m . . 1 p.m. Readinjls toward 
Sprinl! Quarter 198 Tutorial. "The 
Working Class in Victorian 
l;iterature ... 
WeaH4lay, Z% Marcil 
9:30-10:30 a .m. Write comments on 
papers from English 246 
10 :4S-11 : 15 Discuss Universit~· 
Business t the Scholarship Committee 
of the Academic Senate I on the bus to 
work with Fred Randel. 
11 :30 a .m.-12 :30 p.m. Personal 
reading . 
......... y.Z3Marc. 
10 a.m.-:"oon. Office Hours. spent 
putting to(lether coat-racks for the 
Muir Cotlelle Secretary I drilling holes. 
then Icrewin!! on the metal 
coatholders I. 
I·S p.m. Office Hours to see certain 
graduate studenlS from Comparative 
Literature 213 ITIIeon' and Practice o( 
Translation 1. and II1II«1. 
I&-IUO p.m. Readi", lor Spri", 
Quaner courses . 

FrIday, %4 March 
8·10 p.m. Reading for Spring Quarter 
courses. 

Saturday, !S March 
10-11 a.m. Reading & speculation 
towards a readin~ list for Literature 
lB. an introductory literature course 
which I may teach next Winter . 
2-4 p.m. Reading for Spring Quarter 
courses. 

SllDday, zt Marcb . 
11 :10-11 :35 On the bus. plan course· 
reading and schedule for English 23 
11 :45 a.m.·2:30 p.m. MIscellaneous 
business : ote to 198 Student in 
Engla nd. enclosi ng her Jlipe.r : Letter 
to Muir College faculty In literature. 
describing achievements of the Muir 
group in the past. Winter Quarter : note 
to Muir Secretary : note to the 
Chairman : note to colleague 
concerning recent book he has 
published : unpack a box of books and 
rearrange office. 
2:30-6 p.m. Preparation of Reading 
Lists and lectures for English 23 : type 
on Gestettner stenCIl the syllabus for 
this course. 
7:45-9 :30 p.m. ote-taklng fone earch 
9:30-11 :20 p.m. Outline English 23 first 
course lecture I for tomorrow I. 
MODday, Z7 Marcb . 
10-10:30 a.m. Write parts of English 23 
lecture on the bus. 
10:35- oon : Calls taken. VISits from 
students: change room of English 23 
WIth Registrar I by phone I : prepare 
list of films which might be shown In 
connexion with English 23 : talk briefly 
with teaching assistant. 
Noon.1 p.m. Lunch and last touches on 
English 23 lecture. 
1.2 p.m. Lecture in English 23 . 
2-3 p.m. Office Hours Ispent mostl~' 
with T.A.I 
3-5 p.m. Prepare tentative reading list 
for next Winter's Lit. lB. 
5.5 :25 p.m. Introductory brief meeting 
with 198 Iworking class I tutOrial 
group. 

5 :~ : 10 . On the bus : Read 1 
undergraduate paper. incomplete from 
last quarter : read 20 pages of graduate 
paper for Doctoral Exams. 
MoHay, Z7 Marcil . 
9-9 : 15 p.m. Phone call to Professor YIp 
about Tuesda\' translation seminar. 
9: 15-11 : 15 p.m. Attempt to translate 
two poems lone in Spanish. one . In 
French 1 for Translation . practice 
class tomorrow. 

11 : 45-12 : 1~ a.m. Read chapters of 
Gissing 's Nedler W.ld for 198 course. 
t.nUy, II Marc. 
9: 15-9:45 a.m. Read in bus a section of 
Robert Paul Wolffs 'nt Ideal of a 
Uldvenlty. 
10-12 Comparative Literature 263. 
taUlht in collaboration with Professor 
Yip. (Since Yip and 1 collaborate each 
quarter of a 2-quarter course. this 
means we elCh teactl the equivalent of 
one additional quarter course I . 
12:1&-12:30 p.m. Talk with Graduate 
student who brinp late paper. 
12 :30-1 LullCh aDd business : letter to 
student who lias aSked for law school 
recommenditiOll : Z brief letters to 

Chairman. 
1: 10-1 :30 Talk with Com. Lit. 263 
student about course paper and term s 
work. 
1:30-1 :50 p.m. Talk with 2 students 
about TIle Lalt Review 
2-3 : 15 p.m. Meeting of Tenured 
Literature faculty to discu ss 
promotions. 
3:30-4 Collection of materials for 
lecture in English 23. 
4-4 :30 Discussion with colleague EdWin 
Fussell of issues in the Universit\· 
disparity of assistant professOr 
professor salaries : relation of teachln 
to writing : inadequacy of our 
sabbatical leaves. 
4:30-4:50 Readinll Universl tv 
newspaper in Muir Cafeteria 
4:50·5:45 p.m. Read one graduate 
paper : prepare transparency projector 
for tomorrow' s English 23 lecture. 
8: 15-10 p.m. Read and grade an I 
(incomplete ) paper : read 1 book for 
198 course : prepare list of readings for 
English 23 : call 8 persons to ask them 
to come to meeting of ne La.t Review 
tomorrow afternoon at 4 p.m. 
12-12 :15 a.m. Read Net. World for 
198 course. 
WtclDesclay, %t Marc. 
10-11 a.m. Business: Order book from 
publisher : work on Lit. IB reading list . 
prepare English 23 lecture for today. 
11 a.m.-Noon. Meeting with A. Wright 
and J . SaVIlle to discuss organization &, 
staffing of Literature I in Muir College 
next vear. 
12-12': 30 : Lunch in office : go to Revelle 
to put note on door of former 
classroom, directing students to new 
classroom for Eng. 23 
12 :30-1 p.m. Last touches on lecture. 
1·2 p.m. English 23 Lecture. 
2·3 p.m. Office Hours. spent mostl \' 
discussing English 23 with T.A. 
3-4 p.m. 199 Tutorial on Wilderness 
with Susan Steele. 
4-5: 45 Meeting of staff of 1'IIIt Last 
Review. 
7-10 :30 p.m. Meeting at collea/lue's 
house to trv I with 6 others ) to 
formulale plans for starting a 
Prof essor' s Union (a local of AFT I a l 
UCSD 
11 : 45-Midnight. Reading in NttMr 
World for 198 course. 
n.n4iy, . Mud 
8: 15-8 :45 a.m. Discuss Departmental & 
Universitv affairs 01\ hIlS with Fred 
Randel. . 
9-10 a.m. Meetilll with MIIir Provost 
and others to discIIS an 
Interdisciplinary c.ne kIr IIeZt ~r 
in Muir College. 
....... y, .1IIIrdI 
10-10:45 a.m. In Office: onIeriIIC files 
and prtparilll materials for EIIIIisb 23 
discussion tomorrow. 

ll-12 :~ p.m. and 1~ : 15 p.m . 
Research work in Central Univtnit~ 
Librarv 
11-11;.1G "Ill RucIUII ill NIdIer .... 
for 198 course. 
.......y,SlllMft 
10-10: 45 WllliIII for ~ and 01\ bus ' 
Readilll towards 1 p.m. class. 

April 1., 1972 Triton Times Poge 5 

:. 



HI"'_ OF lItE amsm Of CAI.IIIIaIA 
" " rr;", ' I 1:1 : : I I 'r~ ~ 
I " ,: \ ' 
L I ' . ;. : .. 

r ,-r-'" r---. n-" Y J : ' , 1: I , \ I ' 1 • , 
, I I .J I I, ) I' \' I i , • \ . .I L. _/ L .'. ~ L -j 

fIricn QUOted witt .... eft'''' S10 no Idmtft ...... rwe tee 1M ALL tI_ Iit¥iId on *'*""' 10 
... INov. '111. All II..,." .. _,,001 on ,,"'" DC·B. 0..-"" 101 • ... 141 .... -. 
Pf", WI t.sr.d on the oro ,. tNtt of the total II"" tMl MI1 on 100tI0 0CCUCIIf'ICY. Md .. 
aA.Ietd 10 ~ in attOfdlnce w •• fw fwII ~ of tIU '~-",. 
ILlOl.UTY: Sludlnf1. fleuh., Md staff of 'M UnM!r\itv nf C.lttot,... l.n ~ end 

~ ,emit\' mMUt1. rtII' lCtc~ 10 ""M'''!:. _ entt and dtptndLi'1 d utchn 
I' tMV 1.\It 1ft the ame houtIMId M the dlflible ~. Aho eticttbfe .. 

" memben or the U.C. ~IUfnf tl AIIOCt&l lftn .,,' l imit ... fmtntmYm IMmbcnhCl8 
, monthI pnor to tlif'tt G.1I1 for Alumrl Awe.llon membInI . 

~ II£II8E ... ., F[U 0tI. ADDED COSTS 10 FOOl YOU - RELV ON III FOtI-.r"I 
APPLY FOR RESERVATIONS TODAY 

utSO tmIA I.~_tl. c. .... 
""' 11111 lMIIr 

,.1_ 4il-tmIA 

~ .. ~~~~ .. ~ .. ~~~~~~ 

MOVIES 
friday 

Sweet Charity, 
SOt USB 2722 7:30 & 10:30 

saturday 

Georgy Girl 
and 

Hiroshitno 
MonAtnour 

$1 USB 2722 7 & 10:30 
advance tickets at Urev Hall (OFFEE HUT SPE(IAL: 

\\SPAGHETTi'oS 
••••••• 

Levis· A·l . Male 

BODY KOVERS 
,Ite INst selection in No. Co." 

1448 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar 
755·3557 

Loye 'n' StuH· Tops 

Page 6 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

Clayton Withers to Appear 
A double jazz concert featuriDI Bill Withers 

and Merry Clayton will be presented at g p.m., 
Friday, April 21 , in the gymnasium at the 
University of California, San Diego. 

The concert will be joinUy spoIIJOI'ed by 
Rainbow Soul Productions and the UCSD 
Campus Programming Board. Tickets are 
$2.50 for UCSD students with I.D. cards and 
$4.25 for the general public prior to the concert 
and 15 at the door . They are available through 
all Ticketron outlets and in the Urey Hall Box 
Office at UCSD. 

A mechanic most of his life, Withers decided 
in 1967 that he wanted to be a singer. He 
moved to Hollywood, got a job in an aircraft 
factory , recorded five of his own lrongs at his 
expense, and made the rounds of every record 
company that would listen. Response was 
mildly receptive but not enough to live on, so 
he went back to his aircraft job. 

In the spring of 1970, he got a phone call 
from Clarence Avant. president of Sussex 
Records. who introduced him to performer 
Booker T for the purpose of making an album. 
Using subjects like his grandmother. suicide. 
illegitimacy, Harlem and traditional boy-girl 
themes, Withers composed ten original songs 
and put together an album titled "Just As I 
Am." 

The album was a success. and a single pulled 
from it. ,. Ain 't No Sunshine." sold a million 
copies. From that first album. Withers' career 
has grown to where he is now receiving ra ves 
from critics and audiences for his concerts in 
major cities throughout the country. 

Born ill Slab Fork, West Virginia, ill 1831, 
Withers served for nine yean in the Navy 
before moviq to San Jose where he worked 
for companies like IBM, Ford Moton and 
Foremost Milk. Due to limit.ed funds, be 
learned to play the guitar to save money on 
musicians. While he admits to beiDl limited 
technically on guitar, it does allow him to 
control the concept of his music and prevents 
him from being totally dependent on an 
arranger. 

Merry Clayton has been known to rock fans 
primarily as a back-up singer, and a 
participant in more recordiDl sessions than 
she can remember. She has been an active 
contributor to the recorded sound of the 
Rolling Stones, Joe Cocker, Leon Russell and 
many others. 

Miss Clayton. only 23-years-old, has just 
begun to be noticed by audiences and critics as 
a solo performer despite her Singing 
background and two solo records. Her 
appearance at the Bitter End in New York 
City only a month ago was described by Don 
Heckman in the New York Times as "sheer 
explosiveness. " 

"I knew she was a professional to the core. 
but I had no idea that she had such a 
magnificent range of styles and such ability to 
project honest , uncluttered warmth to her 
audience," Heckman wrote. " Miss Clayton 
sang. so many things so well that I'm hard put 
to Single out examples. I fully expect this 
engagement to be a kind of historic launching 
point for the career of a major new star." 

Merry Clayton and Bill Withers \\'ill Hppear in concert at UCSD Friday. April:!1. 

pains wi 

Death is 
black 
wi th redness 
tee th 
fr om the pi 
fa rawa\, war 
with ch'ildren 
wit h women 
with ature 
with me ond ' 

And Death is 
to threads 
like ' 

slau~ 
lIith oor! 
swea t\· bod\' 
wi th Its head 
eyes 
announcing 
Civilization 
in the quest of a 

And th e hot 
t h ro u~h m \ ' 
knifing its 'coa 
to the \\'a ll 
d ri ppi n~ m\' 
on a polit ici 
who ta lks or 

And th e 
bod\ 
to its edl'e 
carni n~me 
belo·\\· the 
helo \\ th e 
the sta rs 
iridescent in 
abo\'e 
and hl ac knes,s~.n 
to the bi tter 

The·Wheel of Love . 
Kat"'" Woodward 

"Bodies" 
"Wild Saturday" 

I' 1>errIons' I 
"The Assailant" 

"The Heavy Sorrow of the Body" 
" Accomplished Desires" 

Wbat do all the above have ill common? All 
are tiUes of short stories collected in Joyce 
Carol Oates's latest and best volume of 
stories, ne ..... II Leve (1970) (Fawcett 
Crest, ,U5) , which finally came out in 
paperback this January (Fawcett Crest, 
,1.25). And just from these few names, I think. 
we can let an accurate idea of what to expect 
In her fiction: violence. sexuality and a crude. 
raw energy, uncontrolled by conscious 
artiltry. -

Joyce Carol Oates writes easily, 
volaminously and without censor, and while I 
am SUlpicious of Freudian categories, here 
they apply perfectly. It is as tbough her 
conscious mind studs to one side and a\lows 
(perhaps not even noticinl) all that is ill ber 
unconJCious to pour upward and out onto 
paper. By this I do not mean to imply that her 
writing is either surreal or pornographic - it 
is neither - but that the manner of her writiDl 
is unreflective: there is no sense of a narrator 
imposing limits on the characters or the 
action. In a way there is no Joyce Carol Oates 
behind the fiction ; as Alfred Kalin has said. 
" her life is all the stories she carries in her 
heed." . 

This is reflected in the sheer quantity of 
writing whicb she bas produced. At the ale of 
34, tbis slender, fralile-looking, and 
reportedly MY and quiet young woman has 
published five 10lIl novels (the best being &Ilea 
which won the National Book Award in mO), 
three collections of short storiet, two volumes 
of poety, and counUesa articles. And in 
additioll to this astonishinl amount of writing, 
much of which has been very well received as 
well as being popular, abe allo teacbes full· 
time at the University of Windsor. W __ , ... MIre W •• 

It is perbips not surprising that in a full 
thr~uarters of the 21 stories in WMeI of 
Love, women are the main characters, and 
this I welcome: we need more good fiction 
about women. Tbere are stories of young girls 
and their first sexual experiences (there is a 
time past quality to these stories where girls 
wear ballerina shoes and charm bracelets that 
recalls TIle Last Pktve SMw), women in 
their twenties who have crippling. not to say 
psychotic, relationships with their parents, 
and married women in their thirties who are 
overtaken by love affairs. 

Typically the Joyce Carol Oates Woman 
alternates between long periods of feeling 
absolutely no sexual desire or even interest in 
men and short bursts of feeling the full impact 
of violent. devouring passion. She does not 
want to lead a sexual life but it explodes in on 
her. She vacillates between wanting to be free 
(which means wanting to be alone. without a 
man. and thus in control ) and giving herself up 
to the pains and pleasures of love. As one 

character confesses, "actually. I don't care 
about men very mucb, that's a secret of mine, 
a secret failing ... I don't understand why 
women fall in love with men, not really. I 
suppose it's a cultural thing." And another 
cbaracter explains the difference between the 
two states : "Before falling in love, I was 
defilR!d. Now I am undefined, weeds are 
growing between my ribs. " This love is always 
tearing and passionate. full of hatred as well 
as the desire to possess. It is never tender , 
gentle, or intimate. Tbere are no Love Stories 
bere. 

'1IeIIes' 
"Bodies," one of the best and most 

disturbiDl stories of the collection, illustrates 
this primal quality of her imagination. Pauline 
is twenty-nine, unmarried, and wears her 
blonde hair tightly braided in a crown. She is 
an accomplished sculptress who works only on 
heads; the rest of the human body does not 
interest her. She meets Anthony, a man whose 
very intensity threatens the coolness of her 
life, who pursues her, but panicked. she 
refUles to have anything to do with him. It is 
obvious, however, that be will eventually 
break in on her routine, ordered, calm 
existence one way or another. and that if she 
does not accept hlm, he will not only disrupt 
her life, but shatter it. She begins to have 
frightening dreams about him, she becomes 
nervous and cannot work. Finally. one day ill 
downtown Chicago, he slashes his throat right 
in front of her. Tbe story ends with ber going 
insane, wildly believing that she has been 
impregnated by him and lost in dreams of lust 
for him. 

" Bodies" is shocking, but convincing, 
perhaps just because it is written in sucb a 
direct and apparently artless manner. As just 
this simple synopsis shows, one does not give a 
"Freudian interpretation" of the story - it II 
Freudian : Civilized" society requires 
repression, and repression results in violence 
done to oneself and to others. 

Other stories which are especially good are 
the title story, "ConvalesciDl." "Shame," and 
" What Is the Connection Between Men and 
Women?" The last is a terrible title but 
certainly a legitimate question to ask. Just 
what is !)Ie connection? It is purely physical, 
and in fact. her stories tell us. that is all there 
is in the world. In " Accomplished Desires" a 
middle-aged woman, intelligent. creative, 
successful. is driven to suicide by this sudden 
insight that "language itself did not matter 
and that nothing mattered ultimately except 
the body, the human body and the bodies of 
other creatures and objects ; what else 
existed?" Yes. at times. often very important 
times, this is true, and her stories persuade us 
of this. 

Joyce Carol Oates is a born storyteller. and 
this collection has been declared by one 
reviewer to be one of the finest ever written by 
an American. While this is praise much too 
extravagant. her book does deserve high 
praise. Her stories lack polish. sophistication. 
and subtlety, but I find they are always 
absorbing, powerful and often strangely true. 

Poets and Artists Union Meeting. 
R. Montgomery Reed most part , through financial coffee-house. will focus on 
~ meeting to organize a discrimination in the funding of creating a program for a true, 

union and workshop was held at students' creative projects, sensitive, and human art for 
the International Students 2) the manipulation of student the UCSD community. 
Center on Monday night. April creative energies for so-called Life song : Who starts? We 
10, 1972. A dozen people of the educational and apolitical start ! Now! We shall replant 
arts here at UCSD w~o are aims. which are. we know. the Eucalyptus trees so they 
contemptuous of co-optIOn of Western bourgeois tombs on will not be in straight lines. 
the arts by the power structure which the hierogliphics of the Today the Eucalyptus trees 
of ~he University. and of the Death-Culture repose - for the tomorrow the world! I think i 

socte~y at large. attended the supposed greater edification of shall never see trees and minds 
meetmg. humanity. as straight as these, Where 

There was agreement on 3) We know that the true true artists meet l1lere is the 
many as~ts o~ the problem of representative art of Amerika Revolution. People are born. 
the relatlonshtp of art to is the pile of the mangled Birth ! 
soci.ety and to political bodies of Wounded Knee , The above statement was 
reaittles. For example : Hi~oshima . Aushwitz. and My signed by six workshop 
1) th~ bure,acratlc . and La.. . participants : Pitecantropus 
bourgeots co-optton of art an the We are all arttsts. Our next Africanus. Helga Africanus, 
va~lous . depart~ents of the meeting Wednesday night at Pneumos, John Doe The 
UniversIty. achIeved. for the Muir College 's 'Five and Dime' Phoenix. and Crusader Rabbit. 

~~t~~~ 
SPECIAL OF OF LA .JOLLA 
THE WEEK: 
Original 
Swiss Fondue 
$1.49 ea. 

= 14 oz. package regularly $1.79 ea. i 
= 7523·A Fay Ave., La Jolla 5 I (on Drury Lane Plaza) 454·5384 ! I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIU .. IIUU __ IWIIIIII'---

'l 
.. ,~,,-~..,. 488·3352 

CIMElQLEO 
944 GARNET, SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 
Last Night: 

STRANGE CARGO (1940) 
Joan Crawford, Clark Gable 

RECKLESS (1935) 
Jean Harlow, William Powell 9:00 
Start8 Saturda,' 4 / 15 

It.ATA HAR. (1932) 
G.-ta Garbo, Lionel Barrymo1. 

FOLL.ES BERGERE (J935) 
Maurice Chevalier, Merle Obeian 

TN7" s. ......... 3& 
7," 11 Millis ... SI.SO S-. he. 7 & 

.. ----,....." 
SATURDAY 
MIDNIGHT 

== f e3IUrtng Bugs Bunny In REBEL RABBIT. the Road Runnef In TO BEEP OR OT TO BEEP. Mitkey Mouse in CLOCK. CLEAN ERS. BCIIY 
Buop In MYSTERIOUS MOSE. Kwy Kat In HE 
MADE ME LOVE HIM, not to mcnltun ~pCl:f,11 j;uest 
~taf Evcrcady in BURIED TREASURE (11iJ I I'I IJIII1U' 
Dill sex lanOlin trum the ·~U·~). ,Inu hrlll ,h t In dt 
grcal expense hut Ill) extra tllst to you. Ihe -\111Crltan 
Prcnllcre of SYLHOUETIES (a~ It the II I,r ld were 
urunk) by Os.:ar Fllchll1gcr And say, kIds. how 
about Mutl Jnd JetT in CAUSE FOR M IWER. and 
BLACK PUDDI G by am.y Edell (nllght mJ ke yo\! 
btush), Three cheers for UNCLE WALT. In honest 
to goodness trlbutc to you know II ho by Bob 
Swanhe . And don 't forge I Squldgy Rod. Thermus 
Fortitude (and hi pet atllgawf Charlie) If) LOVE ME. 
LOVE ME, LOVE ME. hy Klchard "Yellow Sub-
marine" WIthams. And tu top II Jil olf. last year's 

Acadcmy Award \\IInnef . IS IT AL-
WAYS RICHT TO BE RtCHT? made 
by Stephen Bo\ustow Pllld u"l"n~ 
TKUL Y A MID\lIGIIT SIlOWOT 
TO BE MI SSI:D! 

~he Wonderful Water Bed 
a Week Contest from: 

.allral 
•• Ir •• mell. 

MIDDLEAATH 
Candles 

Bring your old comic books to 
swapor sell beforethe .. ! 

ACADEMY 
3n1lHVERSlTY AVE 2a. ·1OQO 

April 1., 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



~ Four all-stars 
Soccer: Win 0 Lose 0 Draw 0 

Tbe Triton soccer stars held their last place position in 
spectacular fashion over the past two weeks. with a victory 
over USIU. a tie with San Diego City College. and a loss to 
SoUthwestern, 

Rugby team shines 
in SB tournament 

As ruller huggers basked in the Santa Barbara sun and 
rugby teams strained for positions of bonor, one unheralded 
UCSD I rugby team surprised everyone by placing second in its 
division, while the UCSD II team present surprised UCSD by 
placing 14th of 30 teams in this same division, 

Both teams ran up against toogh competition and it was only 
through outstanding performances by rullers John " Begonia" 
Huber and Butterball Bill Gates that UCSD made it to the 
finals in UCSB stadium Sunday, Many of the players had never 
experienced a rugby tournament. where you play four games in 
one day ; yet everyone performed when needed, 

Toay Vllladllid IIIowt ~I deI_ve 
s.tllwesten player, 

.... wreu aplal' 
ftoIo: Euler. 

In the first game for the UCSD I team they had the chance to 
revenge their loss to Harvard RC, and they did, Harvard had 
put together an even stronger team to Cace us, but we wanted 
the game as we pushed past them 9-3, As half of our ruggers 
were still sound asleep, they did not notice the new team put 
before them and snoozed their way to a 9-0 shutout against a 
strong Eagle Rock team, Then we met San Diego State, who 
had just beaten one of the toornament contenders, It looked 
like it would be a rough game but the State boys had not 
recovered from their earlier rout by us and they timidly gave 
into UCSD. 12-6, 

By now everyone was finding out what rugby 's all about, as 
CoDtlDu" pale 11 

To start with the good news, the Tritons overwhelmed arch-
rival USlU 4 to 2 last Wednesday. AprilS, The kickers led from 
the outset as Chuck Liebow scored the first UCSD tally. which 
was followed shortly after by a tremendous shot by Jorge 
Rivas that slithered by the stunned Westerner goalie to give 

Triton baselllen frolic in 
big loss to Cal-Baptist 

Marie Young 
Well one thing that can be said for the UCSD 

baseball team is that they're real loose, In 
losing to Cal Baptist 12-4 Wednesday the 
Tritons proved that a sense of humor can come 
in handy on days when things just don't seem 
to be going right. For instance, captain Curt 
Jenkins , who was on the bench wilh a sprained 
ankle, sounded more and more like Bill Cosby 
as each passing inning grew longer and longer, 
And then there was Mike Curry, in right field , 
who had trouble figuring out what a ball looks , 
like once it gets in Ihe air , Or, Ihere was Dave 
Wright whose line " Do we need 15 to tie? "dll 
but knocked Jenkins off his beloved bench, 
Thai 's all right. Dave, we realize that anyone 
who hits into three double plays in one day 
can 't be expected to know what the score is. 

Other highlights included Ca l-Baptist's 12 
runs in the first six mnings- and John Clark 's 
knuckle-balling shutout for their last three, 
And then there was something called a 
" Bahde" at shortstop, whose throws to first 
base have been known to parallel the arc of Ihe 
earlv Mercurv Atlas rockets. UCSD has even 
come up with' ils own version of Babe RUlh, in 
that sweet and innocent young fellow Randy 
Miller, If you can believe it. Rand\' predicted 

he would hit a homerun.-and then somehow 
managed to do just that. We won't mention 
Mike Curry's home-run prediction, which 
turned into a ground ball single, Mike did , 
however, manage to collect two hits and keep 
the team in a free-spirited mood for most of 
the game, 

Oh yes. we mustn't forget the great ninth-
inning rally which produced Miller's homerun 
and doubles by John Clark and Pete Yockey, 
lit 's rumored tha t with Pete 's blinding speed 
this was the first time he has ever seen second 
base from so close up !. And of course a rally 
would not be a rally without a sacrifice of 
some sort. In this case, daring Dennis Ball 
served up his body for target practice, 
sacrificing his precious left arm for the good 
of the team, 

Well . it would almost be futile to say any 
more about a game which everyone would 
rather forget. We 've been assured this game 
and its antics are not ordinarv for this 
particular team, so hopefully they 'will return 
to normal {whatever that is I, 

The Tritons will get a chance to prove that 
they are normal when they play Cal State 
Dominguez Hills , It will be a doubleheader on 
the home field at noon, Saturday. 

Or-'ro 
;1', 

I / , 

ORGANICALLY'RO •• 
.ATURAl FOOD 

• Produce. Poultry Products 
• Meat Products. Dairy Products 

• Bakery Goods. Grains 
• Juices . Appliances 

/~. :~ 
\ ' \ i ( \ ,', 

Ct '. "-. • rood SUpplements ::;~~!:~:!~~? ~, 
Sqve 

on all 
Save Our Grain 

Barrels 
Are Full Food Suppl@ments 

PRICES 
REDUCED 

GRANOLA MUESLI 

HOURS: 
M-F 10-7 
SAT, 10-6 
SUN. 1-5 

TRY OUR 
JUICE BAR 

HARMONY GRITS 

945 GARIET, PACIFIC-BEACH 
PARKING IN REAR 

Page 8 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

HOURS 
M·F 10-7 
SAT. 10-6 
SUN. 1·5 

the Triklns a 2-G lead, '!be Westerners then retaliated by 
advantale of a mental error on the part of UCSD. ana 
on the resultant penalty kick, Tbe Tritons scored 
Paul Kohne took a pass from Larry Braslow and 
the nets to live UCSD a tWOoloallead at halftime, Each 
scored one more time in the second half, to hand the Tritons aa 
important and satisfying victory , 

In what bad to be one of the most frustratil1lllames of tilt 
season. the Tritons manaled a tie (what should bave been a 
victory) alalnst San Diego City College, Paul Kohne tallied 
first for the Tritons in what turned out to be the only ICOriDc 
play of the half, Tbe beginning of the half saw a SDCC sbot 
bouDce off the fingers of UCSD loalle Bob Van Valin rigbt t4a 
City CoUege player. who proceeded to boot it in for \be 
opponents' first 1081. A little later the Tritons' normally 
reliable loalkeeper let a shot slip through ,bis fiDlers to ~ 
SDCC the lead, Kohne came througb with bls lK'~nd lOll to tit 
the game up once again. but only for a short while. as Ci~ 
College retaliated with their final goal of the game. a curvill 
shot into the corner of the Triton goal. TIle tie was salvaled III 
a clutch performance by Jorle Rivas. when be scored on I 
penalty kick with only three minutes remaining, Generally IhI 
Tritons played a good game. but with the ellception of a fn 
errors should bave won, 

The loss to Southwestern can be ellplained simply : 
Tritons played a better team and lost. Actually they 
shutout. 2-G. due mostly to fullback errors, No one 
particularly outstanding, but a competent game was 
by Manuel Diaz. Bob Goe. Jorge Guerrera. Stewart· 
Mark Schneider. Robert Van Valin and Paul Kohne, 

The UCSD record now stands at two wins. five losses and 0lIl 
tie. and though in last place, four Tritons were selected to 
for the leape all-star team, Tbe four athletes were ""p,.,.n_ 
Hayes and Jorge Rivas. hoth halfbacks. fullback 
Schneider, and I(oalkeeper Robert Van Valin, 

'f U GET IT BETTER AT THE WHEREHOUSE" 

1\ \,¥v IKI 
H\I kll''! \ ... 111\1 '" 
... "1I1W )\ ' \4Ill~I_\U\d., 

~ .. . 

llOOR • tI/IfIIIII. 't_~1Ii 
IIlUL 111"( 
... ~~. 

~ 
-'." 

NOT THE HIGH 
;PRICED SPREAD 

••• 

WESTMIISTER GOLD SA YES 
YOU SOME IREAD!* 

49 
PER 2.98 DISC 

ENTIRE CATALOG ON SALE 
THIS IS ONLY A PARTIAL LISTING 

:J SA.IUS, '"'" "n. .., ., lit 10111,.1 wsw 1114 . 

O mAUSS WAUl[t )." .. R.,.I, '''111 SI' I, fthstn WCSII11 
WIIOI s,.,"" N. 1 II t M'II(II' ..... , 

SN'I 5 I. F III'Iff. 1II' ,ul D",. Grall .f S, ilt • ,In. '''IS n •• nz . 
r C!WruNO Llll[lS, I,ll, II, I'''''n" Mu-
flU "'u ... ' nr Ut,. S'''.II,. ICS ' '11', 
e 'UlrlV _sr, I .. '1",1, Sit U,., Ihl l 
liS 1111 

::: IIVIl/WIt!, SI .. 'I '",I.ls. 111",1 51"1( 
",'Irl "$1152, 

M'IUl. [," 1111.. Nac.t ..... IS' ..... , 
, .. Sir "flU • •• It ISS .," 

., TCIU,qVSn B, ItItclithr )lll" (Ct .. 
. I.t, ). ',t .. , 'Hllst" P~ llb'.'"t Sr",~ .. , 
Orci'Un ,I h .... (ll,e." Sel) wes 1'.'.2 . 
~ VIICll fOt -.. I" .r" b'L WU 1141._ 

.::; O"'NS Of 111£ 1111I11III '"liNt '"1"11 
te . ..... t I - Fref Sw'II. 'f)11I11. ItS II : 

IWiNS . $,.,. ... , N. I, /, t M"" ar :1~':~ .. SI .... erl, PiUl_l). S, ..... , O~clM~t~ 
F • 'WO'AK, "~UI ellU", II , M ••• r - ' .. ,U C~'fI~~:t w'c~J:'·lSs .... ' I, ,/e." Stlt. "tt, Or. 
" • '££fNGV£N f., 51.llIs "f _1.l i, IM",n . :~rt h." . ",III. " fllre Nt"" . ' i .... . 5' 

- ""~ far! ;mllll IlrS I fu "1"'" 
"'Zlrl. rllln, •• r MII.r, rrud , ,; •• ' ,tu $J.,Ih'I~": aac.: Prll.lI, , r,," i.. u' 
.11.« liS 1111. ' 

C JONN .llllIMS S,AfjISH !VirAl, ), W,II .. ". 
el,ule (. I, r lIn.t" S .. ,t".: Slu, "lIlIIlu, 
'eeu: Yl lllj IlPrt'lilu "1$ II., ' 
:: If£lltGYll, lI.HONT IIG, III C.,. lIP 
II/S"'IIOIII 110 1 , •• MIN. MNnNISHill 
A . •• 111111', ulllltll" Ii, ,."ur.,li, S,.,,,,.; 
0"1. " l_ liS 1111. 

.., QUT nt( 'U""S, Sif U UII .. ,II U.IIU. 
II, It, VIUt' SI,'e 0", •• rei YI"u An.e., 
CIt.ns. lII!s; VNls. ..ru,,: ",,1111 ' S'I"I' 
Ur .. ,,: N"III" liS 1111. " 

= I£S! If tlllll'IN N""h ' £ .'111, fll r 
5 •• , '1"11, S!hul 0, '1'1, 17. rllt. ,,,I 
" •• r,·n ... ,.,It: tltun. " ; "rUr, IIlSse 
Ilrhws", 11'"1: S"'tI '1 " I It,t Mi • .,: 
.".1$1 •• I •• ,. , 1I""i ,,. .I.,fl WCS '135 

- UI[I · SI. Of "OnAT 10" ... 1,,1 Solt" 
.... S, .. it'J, ''',,/tt "rnull ""ItUIl 
"'S Ill. . 

- IlSr Of IIOIARI. [ ," .1 .... "".1 I"" •. S,.,.,", 'tI, il , M •• .,. S" ",iIt ... It ",;. 
"""Ii StUll I. , M.It, 
(lsi ""1."11. 1I.,t! 
.,' .. 11 .... ''''', 5,., ... , 
•• , u., Utr). [ fin 
l,"s"" . .... th.s WCS 1, • 

II H! 
BEAT A PATH TO OUR DOOR 
... for ~ild savings on these 

Classical Recordings 
COMMAND STEREO CLASSICS 

I I 
I I 

c 
:ACHMA~INOfF 's,m ... on, .. , .cOo ,7 

'lit Sft __ IIOUII"", "'~ I"""""r~" 

RECORDED IN MATCHLESS STEREO 
SS PERFORMANCES BY 

FEATURING FL~~~~D'S GREATEST ARTISTS. 
MANY OF THE ,_ Hall WAGNER Preludes l Omtlrfs 

2 in VIRGIL FOX plays Philharmon iC . 'n er Von Nurn ber,/hust Om-RACHlltAHIIN~~I\a!y~f:i~~Yer:~ Pitts- Or'ln It lintoln centte~a::r ~:~srae:~ ~~~S/~:~~n~rln, Introduct IOn to Act 3/ 
E, OP, 2 , I hesll CC 11006, torlll", IrIS, MusIC 0 , Ole Fieicende Hollander. 
_urch Symphony Ore · aftdFrlntCC 11018. , C lit ' r RleAU Overture, Wlillalll Steln~er, -

, BEETHOVEN: Symphony Ha, lin . alo , Pittsbur' Symphony Orchestra, CC 
BERlIOZ- Symphonie Fa~tl!tl~ue , OP, No, 2 in 0 Ma jor, WIIIIIIII Ste lnberl - 110Z8, C 
14 Andre Vlndernaot, lOrthestre MI- The Pittsburlh SYlllphony Orchn\l, RO ,uO "SCHA ZAYOE 
, '. 11009 D24 LEONID HAMI "" ... ' 

tlonal. CC ' CC 11, h "a 3 'In F/lra,lt T p'I'no perlorlllinces- MUSIC 01 BRAHMS: Symp any " " wo· 
BEETHOVEN: Symphony Ha , 1 i,n A. OP_ 
92 Willialll Stei.ber, & Plttsburch 
SyinpbORY Drchestra, CC 110ti, 
BEflHOYEN: Sauta HI, 29 (Hamm,er-
Klnier,) OP, 106, Duiel BarenbDlm, 

Overture, Wilham Stein~er" Plttsburch Mourt. CC 11010, 
SYlllphiny Orchestra, ec 11015, GERSHWIN' Paru , less/an Amentln 
SCHUIERT: Unfinished SYIII,hO~y Ma, ~ in Paris Willi am StelRberi & the 
Sym,hany Ha, 3, Willlllll Slelnur~ pithburih SymphoDY Orchestra, CC P itlsb.rl~ Sym,hony Orches ra, 11131 , 
CC 11011, 

THIS 15 ONLY A PA~T~A~AL::~~~HIS PRICE. 
MANY MORE IN STOCK AND 

CC 11026, 

BEVERLY SILLS 
LA nAVIATA 
COMPUTI -

CLAUDIO ARRAU 
4 BRAHMS SYMPHONIES 
COMPUTE ON 
4 COMMAND 
DISCS , • , • , , - , • 352 3 DISCS , - , ' , , 

5 complete 
leethoven PianG -
5 Concertos DISCS, 

HOW ABOUT A NICE • • • ' 

745 

PHILIPS IMPORT CLASSIC 
OR ••• MAYBE A LITTLE. • • aeTII LA •• LI2" 
RCA RED ~~e~~OlIN 'DAVIS .. ":~LI Pe~,~91 

[UG [MlORMANDY -
ARTHUR RUIINSTIEE~MHARCD~f~I~:~R:&CI~~O:DMIN'O - muD SDETUCZlhc I 
UN CLlIUIN - " Eum _ IlseHA HEIFETZ - ETC" ' ' 

THESE AREN'T CLASSICS ••• 
BUT THEY'RE TOO GOOD TO PASSS UP. E~~e~IJ'?~d~.7k ~~~~~n~ 191 

HAIR . EACH 
'Pleale Fargiv. The Poetry. . . Original Off-Bradway Cast Recording 

~~~~~~~~~~~==~~~~. 

'~'Ii]~ l~]~ Ii () {] S]~ 
• ' 0 dMtioft of IIfttrity htwfoinlMT"f Corp. 

Records • .Tapes 
• LMfIMl.1I1 tlMlnIItInt-. 
• __ IIUS 2IIJI ,_ • .,.." JtI,11I4 
• '_IIlLS Ian ......... , ... ... 
• UlfI-')l1 s ... IIIIIe ....... 1 ... Fr ..... , * ·1111 

• 1(1II1II1 ..... , .. II .... ". m,n" 
• 1(1II1II 1111 'If'" ..... Clt-I5l4 
· ,.....an 111l' .. IItI .... , 111,tlll 
• CIS'IIIU.(, IY .. 11 ... nn 

• SM .'''Ulli t'If.II"_ 1t4 HI 51" 
• Il CAJIIIIH rltIt'" "WI. , • ., '1111 Clltll 
• CtIIlU1STU.H,1IIi I .. , ItUlI·lSl. 
• 'AClflC IUU 1414 Ca,..t IU-IIUS12 

• ..... 1" II ...... II 1111 n.."utll • lIS _ ..... 711-"1 

Apr! riton Times Page 9 

• 



H ippo( ates and the Medi-col School 
CODtiDUed from page 1 

diseases need desperate remedies ," all are 
among the many maxims that have been . 
universally treasured, and can be found in 
.. Aphorisms," another Hippocrates writing. 

Treatment, ProgJlOsis Emphasized 
The writings are usually characterized bv 

the emphasis on treatment and prognosis. 
Also, the Hippocratic Oath IS attributed to his 
"school " which is presently called, "Corpus 
Hippocraticum," The Hippocratic Oath has 
been the ethical philosophy of the medical 
profession since its early days. 

Despite technical advancements in the field 
of medicine, and development and changes in 
today's medical schools, the Hippocratic Oath 
still retains a substantial influence. 

One statement reflective of the UCSD 
Medical School is, " the main purpose of the 
curriculum is to develop critical. objective, 
and humane physicians equipped to meet 
change and to continue self·education. 
Students acquIre understanding of basic 
medical sciences and clinical disciplines, and 
are encouraged to choose their own 
specialized areas of interest for eventual 
development into careers in the broadly 
diversified medical community," 

To enhance the learning experience that 
the medical students are exposed to, the 
medical school has approximately 200 men 
and women who make up the faculty and staff. 
The faculty's expertise ranges from the level 
of biology professors to professors of 
radiology, with even a sprinkling of 

sociologists , and psychologists , 
During the month of December 1971, it was 

revealed that UCSD's School of Me(ilcme 
ranked first in the 1971 National Medical 
Board Examination taken by students who 
repre ented 81 medical schools nation wide. 
Forty eight UCSD medical students were at 
the top of all the sections except 
pharmacology. As a result of the eKamination , 
the medical school at UCSD is rated as one of 
the top five excellent schools in the United 
States. The school is located on Matthews 
Campus near the temporary sitp. of Third 
College, in ultra·modern facilities . Included in 
the site is the Basic Science Building, an 
admini tralive wing. and the Biomedical 
Library. There will be future physical 
development. 

Hospitals Complement School 
In conjunctIOn with the medical school is 

University Hospital. (formerly called County 
Hospital ) and the newly-opened Veterans 
Administration Hospital. These two hospitals 
erve as practical sites for medical 

experimentation and internships fo r 
graduating medical seniors, 

Recently, the TRITON TIMES received 
information that some soon·to·be-graduating 
seniors don 't plan to recite the Hippocratic 
Oath during the graduation ceremony, Also. 
certain medical students have written their 
"own oath." Supposedly, this is a revolt 
against the traditional Hippocratic Oath. 

Details will be outlined in a forthcoming 
article. 

fashions by 
le_. 

..... ~~\\ ..... Here it is, the first of the year. You've got those 
01 d S p ri n g -Qua rte r-
Where-Am-I-Going-To-
Live?-blues, That place 
you 've got now is falling 

sol' 
clingy dresses 

& tops , .. 

125 \0. High",a~ 10l,Soiana Beach nS·3890 

A NEW CABARET OffERING 
A SHOWCASE fOR SAN 
DIEGO TAUNT ••• 
fOOD AND DRINK SlRVED 
DAILY fROM 11:00 am 
UNTIl 7:00 am. 

4970 VOLTAIRE OCEAN BEACH 
(714) 223·9773 

Tickots:IS5.oo Advance · $5.75 Day of Show 
Tickel .... il.ble .t: All Tlcketron Outlet •. 

All Sneaker Inns, Bill Gamble 's Men 's Stores, 
Central TICket Aeencies, Sports Arena TICket Ol"ce, 

Call 224·4176 for tick.linfo,mation , 
Produced by CONI.! IT ~~"')U~TI ~ ., ~., , '" 

THE NEW WAY TO lEARN 

FRENCH 
GERMAN 

SPANISH 
ENGLI$H 

Page 10 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you 're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops, Is that what's troubling you , Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LImE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you 're paying for the dive you 're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
~t ' s the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie around in the JaclJzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even be a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room , , . for pink slips, 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

'Mcan live 
as 
as 
one. 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like , , . Iike fully built-in kitchens , 
terrific bedrooms, carpeting, drapes, and a 
private patio outs ide your door. And, perhaps 
best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two reall y can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one , .. and after all, 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

. LAST YEAR 2~OOO KIDS 
WERE LOOKING FOR A BETTER PLACE 

TO SLEEP IN 

THIS.YEAR TWA OFFERS STUTELPASS. 
If you 're planning to go to Europe this summer, 

don 't be surprised if you find yourself sleeping in 
an uncomfortable place. 

With more students than e\'er planning to take 
advantage of low airfares, decent sleeping accom-
modations are going to be tough to get. 

Not that back-packing it isn't fun. But after a 
while the ground starts getting kind of hard, 

You could play it safe and make reservations 
long in ad\·ance. But that can take all the fun out 
of traveling, since you may want to stay longer in 
one place, less in another, or change your plans 
altogether. 

That's whv T\\J\ has come out ,,;th Stutelpass~ 
For only $4.80 a day, you get a decent place to 

sleep, continental breakfasts, tour discounts, 
mail·drop sen;ces and more, 

Stutelpass works like this. 
When you purchase your T\\J\ tickets, you can 

also purchase the Stutelpass for 20,40, or 60 days. 
At onl\' S4.80 a day. ' 

The'Stutelpass booklet contains 20 voucher, 
which can be used e\'en' da\' or even' few da\·s. 
In any 50 cities sen iced by'Stutelpass. I f you 
don't use them all. iust return them for a refund. 

All you ha"e to do in Europe is either phone or 
\~sit an\' one of 12 Stutelpass offices before 3 P~1. 
ThII them where you want to go and theyl1 arrange 
everything. 

When you get to the guest house or student 
hotel, just hand them the ,'oueher, 

There's nothing more to do. 
No taxes to pay. 
No service charges to pa~·. 
No advance reser\'ations to make, 
And for every ~o \'ouchers "ou bU\' T\\I\. throws 

in 6 special vouchers. Which'can be"used for 
tickets to a play in London. the use of a bicycle 
in Amsterdam, tickers to a bullfight in Spain, a 
three-course meal in Venice, tickets to the Olympia 
Music Hall in Paris. a smorl1:asbord luncheon 
in Copenhagen and more. 

All this for $4.80 ada\'. 
ru1\'s Stu tel pass. . 
Now you don't haw to "'ony about finding a 

decent place to sleep. 
·Stut('ip""'" I l<> II M-r\"i('(' nlMk I1Wl1C'tl t' ).du"" t'I,' h,' T\\:·\ 

r--------
PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION I ONJVtI"s STUTELPASS. 

l 
I 
I 
I 
I 

T\\':\. P.O. Box 876 
nningdale, !\,Y. 11735 

State ______ --I.JZip I 
My'Iravel Agent is ~ I 

L ______ FF~ TWA J 

Rug b v. . . CeIltl .. fd from Pace I 
everyone nursed. or tad nursed by their own little Florence 
Nightingale. the bruises, cuts, and strained muscles thal slem 
from hard rugby. Yet now the semifinals were here. UCSD 
was matched against the always·strong Unicorns II team just 
as the sun went down. Yet the game continued, courtesy of 
UCSD which turned on the tennis court lights 100 yards away. 
Since "neither rain. sleet. or dark of nite" will stop rugby 
players from an appointed game. we each grabbed our 
flashlight and ventured onto the foreboding field . Everyone, 
finally loosened up after the day 's pounding. played an 
offensive game as they continually pressured the Unlcorns. 
The Unicorns tried overrunning us but quick tacklers like 
Wally Gato and Karate Kaplan made them change their game 
plan. The high point of the game was when " the Lance" 
DeLong and one Unicorn with his emblazened forehead jousted 
to recover one rugby ball. The game was well·played by UCSD. 
and our ruggers easily won 13·3. 

Then everyone retired (correction: almost everyone) to rest 
for Sunday 's final game. where the champion of the gold 
division would emerge. It was a tense night waiting as one 
Rugger Dugger wa s found rJlnning in his bed, asleep. the poor 
guy played a whole extra game before Sunday even arrived. 
The day was clear and the ruggers tense as the two evenly· 
matched teams came onto the field. This game was not a game 
where one team overpowers another. but a game of who could 
capitalize on the breaks. UCSD seemed happy as they scored 
first on a blocked kick . but their joy was quickly cut short as 
the Ombacs scored on some hard driving and a lot of luck down 
by our goal. Now Ombac had the lead and kept it the rest of the 
game, even when UCSD got fired up when someone yelled "get 
those little kids" and UCSD ruggers led by Jaguar Mic Branch 
and old'gnarly Sertic tried to score late in the game : the 
Ombacs stopped it. With only 30 seconds left and UCSD down 
five they decided to pa s up an easy three poirit from a penalty 
kick and an almost assured loss to try and run it ovel for a 
possible six point and a win . Yet the clock ran out and all that 
was needed to end the game was for the ball to go out of 
bounds. Once a rugger stopped this by throwing the ball almost 
right into the oppositions' arms, Then UCSD grabbed It back 
but Ombac finally kicked it out of bounds and won 9-4 . The 
whole game was evenl~' played and we look forward to another 
meeting between these two teams next year 

So after fightmg all weekend to take first place and to make 
oneself known UCSD took its econd place troph! and fought 
the L,A, traffic to return to UCSD In order to prepare for their 
final rugby match in Phoenix. Arizona 

Politicians ... 
Continued from Page 1 

stations. should be erected. 
When asked about hiS 

chances. Palcic commented . 
"That's a toughy!" Palcic 
stressed that his hopes lie with 
the property tax issue. He also 
noted that he must force Stull 

to recognlze hIS candldac~ and 
not allow the Incumbent to 
Ignore hIm. 

The a semblv wa attended 
by only about' 16 people ' 10 
were Palcic ' s campaIgn 
people, two were reporters .and 
one. moderator 

New direction ... ContlnuedfromPaget 
the individual student of only 
about a penny a day . Surely$3 a 
year , to help battle job 
discriminatIOn. pollution or 
consumer fraud is not too much 
to ask. 
n: How will students go about 
arranging a fee increase to 
support the PlRG? 
LC: There will be a student 
petition circulated, calling for 
a mandatory fee increase. But 
any student not wishing to 
contribute to the PIRG will be 
entitled to a refund within a 
month after registration. This 
will remove all elements of 
coercion from the fee increase, 

We will also want facultv 
approval for the PIRG , The 
administration has to be 
negotiated with on the fee 
increase. Nobody will be 
rushed or pressured into 
supporting the PIRG. We want 
the whole idea to be well 
understood We are going to 

A Diary ..• 

stress the educatlonal value for 
the students participating in 
the Public Interest Research 
projects. We are going to stress 
the necessity for relevance. for 
having a constructive Impact 
on socIety. Participation in the 
PlRG will require self-
discipline and persistence. The 
projects will give students the 
opportunity to relate education 
to life's problems and realities. 
11' : If students or faculty 
members. are interested in this 
group. how can they help? 
LC: Lots of students will be 
needed to help in the publicity 
and in the petitioning drive, 
One benefit of the petition 
campaign is that it gives people 
on campus the opportunity to 
engage in dialogue with the 
petitioner. This insures that 
students and faculty will have a 
good chance to become aware 
of the plan and respond to what 
is being suggested to them. 

<;ODtlDued from Page 1 
10:45·11 Discussion with Chairman about Muir College 
business. 
11·12:30 p.m. English section meeting. 
12 :30·1 Lunch and preparation for 1 p.m. Engli h 23 class, 
1-2 p,m. Duscussion class in English 23. 
2·3 Office Hours, 
3·5 p,m, Extended Office Hours to discuss graduate student 
paper : possible 297 with Joe Rodriguez : typing of TIle Lall 
Review: arrange students to get paper and typewriter and 
room to work. 
5·5 :30 p.m. Discuss English section and tea,~hing with Fred 
Randel on bus. 
6:3O-i p,m. Color 2 dozen Easter Egg for Univer ity 
Children 's Egg Hunt. 
8:30-\1 p.m, Reading for courses and other REading. 

Setarday, J A,..u 
9: 3O-Noon: At Office: Letters written to 2 graduate students 
about long papers on Ruskin written for English 246. 
2-4 p.m. Reading at home for Monday 198 course, and 
towards an article, 
4:*,5 Type letter of recommendation for law school for 
recent UCSD graduate. 
H :30 Type draft of this Diary. 

April 14, 1972 T ritan Times Page 11 

• 



r 

~ ___ classifieds _______ --______ ...... 
travel services 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SP R I NG-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from Sl29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
I nternational I. D. Card 

Available 

EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM 5220 ONE 
WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 1~613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca. 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

9TH ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE: 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIPi 
JAPAN : FROM S349 
ROUND-TRIPi CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2818 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (4/14) 

personal 

The Squamish team has 
come out in support of the 
strike. ON STRIKE: SHUT 
IT UP. Call Laslo Kovals at 
453-4219. (4/14) 

Female Vocalist needs 
gUitar, flute or similar 50ft 
accompaniment. 753-8024 
pm's. (4/18) 

DISTI NCTIVE TY PING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828 

Income Tax Service 
Discount for students, staff 
or faculty . 755-8228 after 2. 
(4/14) 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AME RICAN AND 
FORE IGN CARS. RE-
PAIRS AND POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT 7748 HE RSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (IN THE 
REAR) 459-9181. 

FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

(R) 

. 

services 

Typing and Proofreading 
5O¢apage • 
Term papers 
Reports 
Thesis 
Beatrice Lynch 753-7356. 
(4/18) 

Wanted: Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nec. 
SIS/hr. Eve, Call 287 ... 966 

Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nee. Up to S25/hr. Good 
hours. 235-0698 nltes. (3110) 

Professional Passport and 
Application photos. Fast 
service. Bryan 755-3622. 
(4/14) 

lost & found 
LOST: WHITE GOLD 
ENGAGEMENT RING 3 
sm. diamonds between 1 
and 3 o'clock In Third 
College women's Restroom. 
Please call Ramona after 4 
pm anyday! Reward. 233-
0488 (4121) 

LOST - wallet, Saturday, 
Revelle Cafeteria . 
Sentimental value. Call 
Jean 459-8673. (4/14) 

advertisements for 

FOUND: Female dog, gold 
about 7 mo. Old outside, 
Muir dorms Frl. 4/7. Call 
453-1741. Bob (4/21) 

Lost on Matthews Campus, 
Diamond and Pearl drop 
White Gold. Call X2408 or 
755-9485. REWARD (4/14) 

LOST: Black female 
Labrador 7 mo. 272-0656 
454 - 2546 ans. to Amorona. 

SSO Cash reward through 
third party for return of 
yellow Bianchi racing bike. 
Removed from Med School 
Fri. April 7. Call Bill Rhead 
ext. 1438 or 454-2471. (4/14) 

housing 
Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets: Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 
(5/12 

NEED FEMALE TO 
SHARE APT. NEAR 
FASHION VALLEY. OWN 
ROOM. POOL. S82.5O 274-
7812. (4114) 

ourselves 

F-Roommate wanted own 
room S70 a mo. Inc Ut, In 
DelMar Cali Irene 753-2137 
By 4-15-72 HURRY! (4/14) 

for sale 

RIP-OFF SPECIAL 
New 1968 automatic Austin 
Amerlka: urine yellow, 
31m, new radials, bltchln' 
bed, cut with speed, 
complete with ashtrays full 
of roaches. A few hours with 
a good meehanlc will put it 
In good shape. S500, 755-
7604. (4/14) 

Huge book sale. Hundreds 
of titles. All subjects (social 
sciences). Sat., Sun., April 
15-16. 5511 Soledad Mt. Rd., 
La Jolla. (4/14) 

For Sale Sunbeam Alpine 
Xlnt condition S5OO. Call 453-
4219 Ask for Eric. (4/11) 

Hagstrom Semi-Hollow 
Electric Guitar - Good. 
S125453 ... 70.. (4/14) 

Motorcycle helmet: Teco 
medium, white SIS. Call 
Steve - 45304704. (4/14) 

~------announcennents----------------------------~ 
friday 

Free! Movie in the Revelle 
Formal and Informal 
Lounges, to be shown at 
7:30. Free munchies and 
discussions. 
Renaissance live music. 
I nternational Center, at 
7:30, sponsored by Leonard 
Studies . 
Today a demonstration will 
be held to protest the 
stepped-up air war, and the 
racist attacks on all Third 
World peoples. To be held at 
the Roya I I nn on the Wharf 
at4 :30 p.m . 

Attention all groundlings : 
come and get an insight into 
the future . Join the Sci-Fi & 
Fantasy Club. Today at 4 
p.m. in lower Blake. 
(Everyth ing welcome.) 
All jun iors and seniors of 
next year who are 
interested in becoming 
discussion leaders for 
Contemporary Issues next 
yea r please come and see 

e i t ~er Dr . Schwartz or her 
ass stant in room 2105, 20 . 

Bir th pa ins of a new 
corlmun i ty health center in 
Sa r Diego : 12 o'clock, room 
120'l, ba sic st:i .. nr·p building. 

sllnda~ 
10 a.m . . worsh i p at 
Un i vers i ty Lutheran 
Church . Roman Cathol ic 
mass at 8: 30 a.m. and 5 p.m. 
Church is located at the 
junction of La Jolla Shores 
Drive and La Jolla Village 

the street 

A duplicate bridge 
tournament will be held 
every Sunday at 7:30 in the 
South Dining Hall . 
Information, Barry, 453-
0886. 

Revelle Guest-In -
Residence·Committee is 
: ponsoring an informal 
evening of music sharing . 
Bring your own music and 
instruments - piano will be 
available. Contribute or 
listen. Tonight at 7:30 p.m., 
Revelle Il)formal Lounge. 

monda\' 
.I 

Auditions for the UCSD 
Drama Club production of 
lonesco's ' The Bald 
Soprano" will be held 
Monday and Tuesday 
nights, April 17 and 18 from 
7: 30 - 9 p.m. in 0317 (across 
from the Anomaly 
Factory) . For further 
information call 453-8651. 

The American Cetaacean 
Society of San Diego . is 
holding a meeting tonight at 
8 : 00 p.m. at Sumner 
Auditor ium, S10. Bill Evans 
will be speaking about 
dolphins and the 
preservation of the marine 
env i ronment. For 
information call El izabeth 
.A.li~,on at 454-2949 . 

Pol ice Auto Emergency 
service : a push to start your 
car, jumper cable service 
for a weak battery, tire 
tools to fix a flat : - call the 
University Police at X1333. 

The University police have 
initiated a ride-along 
program for students 
interested in police work . 
C mtact the pol ice for motor 
patrol or join an officer on 
foot patrol. 

Page 12 Triton Times April 14, 1972 

Applications for scholar-
ships from the University 
Film Association to 
encourage graduate and 
undergraduate students in 
the pursuit of careers in 
film production, film 
writing, film teaching, film 
history, film aesthetics, or 
film criticism are available 
from Jean Fort, 108 Me. 
Deadline for applications is 
June30. 
FOUND - prescription 
glasses and car keys at the 
Torrey Pines Glider Meet. 
Keys fit a Mercury. If you 
lost yours, call Dave at 453-
9049. 
People House is looking for 
peop~ interested in 
becoming peer counselors. 
Call Jeff, 453-8867, Scott, 
453-9321 or Geoff, 453-8136, 
for further information . 
Muir commuter lockers are 
still available from the Muir 
Dean's office. The lockers 
are SI for Spring Quarter. 

MODERN DANCE 
CLASSES BEGINNING 
APRIL 17 
SCHEDULED AS 

FOLLOWS : 
MODERN DANCE 
Monday 9am - lOam 
Wednesday 111 am - 11 ::10 
Friday 9am - lOam 
TECHNIQUE (for men 
and women) 
Tuesday - Wednesday -
Thursday - Friday 3 -
4:15p.m . 
MODERN DANCE FOR 

MEN 
Wednesday 11 - 12 
* All classes will meet in 
the North Balcony 

Any changes in 
facilities will be posted 

Further information 
contact Renee Cadena 

1 

Would you share malt liqUl'A' with a friend? 
Sure. Now there's no question about it. Because now malt liquor has a good 

name. BUDWEISER. BUDWEISER Malt Liquor is IOO%-malt, malt liquor (no 
other grains are added). This makes BUDWEISEl, the first malt liquor 

that really is ... malt liquor. 

The first J. IQUor 
ROod enough to be 

called BUDwEISER \ e 

( 


