
Horton 
Approximately 3000 anti-

Vietnam War protestors 
assembled at Horton Plaza 
yesterday, for what was 
probably the most "militant" 
anti-war protest ever held in 
San Diego. 

Leaving the Plaza at 
approximately 1 :45 p.m. the 
protest wound its way around 
downtown San Diego for 
approximately 11'2 hours , 
stopping for occasional 
extended protests in front of: 
The Westgate Plaza Hotel 
where 50 protestors entered the 
lobby for several minutes ; The 
Bank of America. and the 
Union-Tribune Building, whkh i protestors ringed completely 

c for approximately 10 minutes . 
~ The protest then charged 

through the plaza of the City 
Administra tion Buildi ng , 
where the group continued to 
chant, while listening to the 
proceedings inside the City 
Council chambers. 

Soon, however, the group Other Campuses 
Anti-war protest developments 
uc Irville: 3&-40 students, according to 
a reporter on the Irvine New 
UDivenUy staff, blocked the access to 
'freeway Interstate 405 on the 
MacArthur Boulevard on-ramp early 
Thursday morning. They dispersed as 
policemen approached. A rally 
drawing 150 students was held 
Thursday at noon where an evening 
rally was planned. 

those nineteen who refused to leave 
was basketball star Bill Walton, who, 
along with the eighteen people who 
also demurred, was arrested. Next, the 
dispersed students formed a blockade 
with overturned "biology carts" 
(small vehicles used to carry supplies 
from building to building) but, when 
one of the carts began leaking gasoline, 
the University Police called in 200 
members of the Los Angeles Police 
Department and Los Angeles' Finest 
circled the area around Royce Hall 
where the BraiJI editor believes they 
may have arrested more people. No 
more information was available at 
press time. 

community and campus demonstration 
where 8 were arrested : including one 
45 year old lady and her 12 year old son. 
Thursday morning a group of 2500 
students split up into two groups to 
block the northbound and southbound 
lanes of Highway 17 in Santa Cruz. The 
crowds proceeded with the 
understanding that they would disperse 
when requested to by the police. The 
police came, the students started to 
leave, but the officers of the Santa 
Clara County Sheriff, Santa Cruz 
County Sheriff, and the Monterey 
Tactical Squad "corraled" 100 people 
who were subsequently arrested. 

coDtillued OD page 8 

Protest 
grew tired of listening to what 
repeated chants termed, 
" Bullshit! ". They then 
proceeded to march around the 
County Jail. After repeated 
stlouts of. " Take 5", 
approximately 3000 protestors 

BSU 

Staged 
proceeded to Interstate 5 at 1st 
Averue, where approximately 
200 to 300 people occupied all 
lanes of Interstate 5 for 
approximately 10 minutes 

At that time, approximately 
CoDtiDued OD Page 11 

Supports Watson 
UCSD's Black Student Union issued a statement this week 

supporting Third College Provost Joseph Watson. 
The statement was read by Robert Baxter, chairman of BSU, 

at a press conference in Provost Watson 's office. 
At the same time. students and faculty representing 

MECHA, Asian American Students Alliance, United Native 
Americans and the White Caucus. picketed outside Watson 's 
office. They 're asking for Watson 's resignation on charges 
which include "blocking our self-determination." 

They chanted slogans including "Lumumba-Zapata has got 
to be free." "Give us our university back," " No token 
protest" and "Big Mac. give it Back." This refers to 
Chancellor William McElroy. 

The BSU statement said " the total black community or the 
University of California at San Diego at large is in support of 
Watson." 

The statement also said in part, that : 
1. Dr. Watson was instrumental in the development of Third 
Coll~e and has continually fought to see it grow as an 
institution dedicated to education of minority students. 

2. Dr. Watson has been actively involved in the appointments 
of qualified minorities throughout UCSD. 

3. Dr. Watson has felt it his continued responsibility to see 
that EOP functioned to the benefit of minority students in 
recruitment, admissions and supportive services. 

4 ..... has tried to bridge the gap, by his exemplary character, 
between UCSD and the San Diego community. encouraging 
participation in the academic growth of Third College. 

We, black students of UCSD and the black community of San 
Diego, totally support Dr. Joseph Watson as provost of Third 
College, and have full confidence 10 his ability to handle his 
administrative responsibilities. 

Statements were also issued by the Lumumba-Zapata 
Steering ~mmittee and representatives or the Third College 
Faculty. 

The text of their statements and a complete text of BSU's 
statement is on Page 2. 

UC RiversWe: A staff writer on the 
HllbIa.... told the n that 
Chancellor Ivan Hinderaker cancelled 
all Thursday classes in favor of a 
massive "Teach-in" on the Vietnam 
war. The symposium drew a large 
amount of people, and, according to 
Student Mobilization worker Barbara 
Morrison, a planned Thursday 
afternoon march on the Riverside 
Courthouse would "Hopefully be a 
community-oriented rather than a 
campus-oriented activity." Miss 
Morrison also expressed hopes that the 
Courthouse march would take the form 
of an all-night sit-in. 

US Sa .. Barbara: The weather was 
sunny and the fog lifted early in the 
morning in Santa Barbara where early 
Thursday students (estimated at 250) 
blocked an on-ramp to Highway 101 
when Sheriff's Department officials 
arrested 9 people. A candlelight 
marched was planned for last night. 
The naUy NeDs reporter who spoke 
with the TritOD Times said lots of 
students expressed hope that the 
violence that plagued Santa Barbara 
for the past three nights would cease 
Thursday and students ,.ould find a 
"constructive" method of 
demonstration. 

Protestors block LJ intersection 
Twenty-two anti-Vietnam War protesters 

blocked the intersection of La JQlla Shores 
Drive and Ardath Road, early yesterday 
morning. 

either side of the road. 
The protesters left the intersection before 

any police had arrived at the scene. 
In other blockading actions around the state 

yesterday morning, UC Santa Barbara 
students had partially blocked the State Street 
and Turnpike Avenue exits of Highway 101. At 
press time, there had been two arrests . 

UC Lot ADaeles: The City Editor of the 
Dally BnID reported that : following a 
statement made by Chancellor Young 
where he made clear the fact that he 
refused to allow employees off the!r 
work ror a campus-wide moratorium. 
a group or students numbering about 
1200 marched about Murphy Hall (the 
administration building). and staged a 
sit·in. The crowd was ordered to 
disperse by University police. and 
most of the people did leave. Among 

UC Sa .. Cnl: A Wednesday evening 
downtown parade in Santa Cruz. 
according to Steve Lubkin, a member 
of the Mobilization Against the Air War 
Committee. resulted with a mass 

The protesters blocked the intersection at 
7:45 a.m. by stopping their cars on either side 
of Ardath Road (east and west ). The group 
then proceeded to occupy the intersection and 
clapped hands, shouting "End the war !" and 
"Pretend you 're ships and we're mines." 
Holding anti-war banners in front of e,,1\ 
blocked side of the street, the protesters 
brought traffic- to a standstill for some 15 
minutes. 

At the height of the demonstration, cars 
were backed up for approximately one mile on 

At UC Davis, approximately 200 people 
blockaded the Southern Pacific Railroad 
tracks, but by press time. they had been 
dispersed. 

No other UC campuses held morning road-
blocking actions, although informed sources 
reported that other campuses were planning 
actions for later in the day. 

FULL PAGE UNION·AD 

Parrish initiates Anti-war petition 
Professor Micha'el Parrish of 
~h~ . Department of History 
Initiated a petition drive 
Wednesday to collect monev 
and signatures for a full page 
advertisement in this Sunday's 
SAN DIEGO UNION . 
protesting the Vietnam war 
escalation. 

Parrish feels that this is a 
constructive way for members 
of the UCSD community to 
express their united oppoSition 
to the Indochina war to the 
people of San Diego. 

The petition was begun with 
$200 collected from among 
many UCSD faculty members. 
The adVertisement will cost 
$3000. and the money must be 
coll~ted by this afternoon. 
Petitions are being circulated 
on campus. and all signatures 
collected - students. facultv. 
staff - will appear in the 
advertisement. A II 
contribution is requested of 
_b individual ......... tile 
petition 

Professor Parrish urges 
anyone interested in helping 
collect money to pick up blank 
petitions in his office on tht' 
firth floor of building 2D at 
Muir. Completed petitions and 
money may be dropped off 
there too. Parrish asks that all 
concerned faculty members, 
students and staff sign and 
contribute. 

The text of the petition to be 
printed in the UNION is as 
follows : 

"We protest the escalation of 
the war in Vietnam. 

"Richard Nixon promised 
Americans a generation or 
peace. Yet as President. he 
expanded the Vietnam war 
into Cambodia and Laos. 
increased the level I)r bombing 
thrOUlhout Indochina. and now 
has ordered the mining of 
North Vietnam's major ports. 
Richard NixOII has escalated 
tbe war in Soutbeast Asia. 
Peace today is more remote 
tbuever before. We. f~ty. 

student, and staff at UCSD. 
repuclJate tillS latest actIOn by 
the President for the following 
reasons : 

"The conflict raging in 
Vietnam, is. and always has 
been. a civil war. not an 

ContiDued OD Pale It 

SO City Council defeats 
anti-war resol ution 

The San Diego City Council 
today voted down 5-3 a 
resolution by Jim Bates which 
would have. if passed . 
condemned the actions of 
President Nixon and have 
encouraged the PRG 7-point 
Peace Plan. The council 
chambers were packed with a 
number of demonstrators and 
anti-Nixon persons who had 
come to speak and encourage 
the council to pass the 
resolution. The demonstrators 
had promised to return to the 
council to make sure that the 
maUer was discussed . 
SUpporters of the measure 

were there in force. They 
included radio deeja y'. 
students. vets again t the war . 
college profe sors . and 
community figures. There 
were also a number of person 
in attendance who vocally 
opposed the resolution. 

The meeting was marked by 
the "dying" of four young 
Vietnamese children who bad 
been brought by their father . 
When instructed to get up by 
their rather. their response was 
to faU on the noor and "die" 
apin. 

TIlt meeti. belan promptly 
CWI •• _,..e II 

NEL Demonstration 
San Diego anti·war groups are planning an attempt to shut-

down the Naval Electronics Laboratory on Point Loma. 
Tuesday morning. The groups will as emble at 5:30 a .m. at the 
Foodbasket supermarket at Catalina and Canon. From there, 
the group will proceed down Catalina Boulevard to the NEL 
installation. 

CHP Protest 
A protest mourning what the San Diego Native American 

Association feels to have been an Indiscriminate shooting by a 
Northern Californian CHP officer took place ye terday at the 
San Diego-Ward Road California Hlghwa Patrd 
Headquarters. 

The CHP officer has been accused of shooting Without 
provocation. an Indian who wa motorcycling on a northern 
California road. 

Chamberlain 
Ca nGellea-... --.. ~ 

Wilt Chamberlain, Los Angeles Lakers basketball sl.u, WIll 
not be appearing at UCSD on Saturday in the gym as scheduled. 
His hlllt wrist, which was believed to have been 5evefl'ly 
sprained, has been diagnosed as broken. Tickets will be 
refunded on Monday in the Urey Hall Box Office. 



( 

Emergency Loan Luau 
A unique experience iii fine eating will be presented at a luau 

at 3 p.m., Saturday, May 13, at UCSD. 
Planned as a fund-raising event for student emergency 

loans, the luau will be held at the UCSD International Center 
on the Matthews Campus. It is sponsored by the UCSD 
Financial Aids Office and the Campus Programming Board. 

Tickets are $2 for UCSD students with 10, $2.50 for other 
students, $3 for UCSD faculty and staff, and $4 for general 
admission. 

"Documents of Struggle" 
The Film Action Collective will present a two-day festival of 

" newsreel" cinema titled " Documents of Struggle" on 
Saturday and Sunday, May 13-14, at UCSD. 

The festival , which will begin at 12 :30 p.m. both days in USB 
2722 on the Revelle College campus, will include films which 
explore the problems of economic exploitation, racism and 
sexism. 

Admission is $2 for the two-day festival or $1.25 per day. 
Tickets are available at the door . 

Saturday's films include "Oil Strike" (15 min.); " 11 p.m. 
News" (20 min.): " Make Out" (5 min. ); "Childcare -
People's Liberation" (20 min.): "The Woman's Film" (40 
min.): "People's Park" (25 min.); and "Blood of tbeCondor" 
(85 min. I. 

Sunday's films include "79 Springs of Ho Chi Minh" (25 
min.) : " Palestine" (25 min.); " Isle of Youth" (15 min.) ; " EI 
Pueblo Se Levante" (42 min. ); and "Report from China" (85 
min. ). 

United Prisoners Union 
The United Prisoners Union. a non-profit California 

corporation, is an organization comprised of prisoners. ex-
prisoners, their friends and relatives and the sponsoring 

. members. who have joined in the name of a man or woman 
currently incarcerated. The Union strives to represent the 
convicted class in " their struggle toward dignity and justice." 

"The Convicted Class and Its Bill of Right~" will be a 
symposium sponsored by the student chapter of the United 
Prisoners Union at San Diego State University. The 
symposium will be held Wednesday, May 10, 7 p.m. to 10 p.m., 
in Montezuma Hall, Aztec Center, San Diego State University. 
Admission will be $1. If you need transportation or if you can 
offer a ride, call 234-7515 or 235-8975. 

Conservation Forum 
The California League of Conservation Voters . and several 

other local Sa n Diego environmental groups are co-hosting a 
"Candidates' Forum on the Environment" Tuesday. May 16, 
1972 at the Ballroom , House of Hospitality. in Balboa Park 
beginning at 7: 15 p.m. 

Jim Jacobson, Southern California board member of the 
League of Conservation Voters, said that ca ndidates will be 
allowed to speak for about 10 minutes on environmental issues 
such as : Coastline protection : population stabilization : lead 
removal from gasoline: Proposition 9; regional government ; 
open space acquisition ; land-use planning : energy problems ; 
and other important ecological issues. Those running for the 
Board of Supervisors will be t;ea rd at 7:30 p.m.: candidates for 
State offices will speak about 8 p.m. 

Summer Registration 
Students interested in enrolling in the 1972 summer session 

are encouraged to pre-register during May in order to reserve 
a place in the courses of their choice. Students who pass up the 
May pre-registration period in favor of June 15 registration 
may fine many courses reserved to capacity. As of this issue 
of the mlTON TIMES. the most popular courses are 
Anthropllob 141 and 123 : Literature 125. 127, 128 and 186: 
Psychoh ,gy 150. 154. and 155 : Sociology lOS, 124. and 125 : Visual 
Arts 193 194. and 187. At the present pace. these courses will 
close pnor to the June 15 registration deadline. 

Summ ~r 9ullet!!!s rn'y Ilf' picked up in the Provost Offices or 
the new >ummer Session Office at 103 M<.:. 

[~~~o~~~:~!~~~~!~Jii 
::: COURSE TO MAXIMIZE YOUR lSAT SCORE, Instruction :::: 
::: exclusively in exam taking techniques used succenfully :::: 
::: by California pre-law students. Taught in San Diego by :::: 
::: practicing lawyers, Cost: $75 . :::: 
~:~ c.. .. fer ocrOli. 21 LSIT "ut, OCTO_. 4. FOI ~:~. 
::: COMITI ocr_I ;:;' 
:;; .OIUTIOI, (AU TODAY. (1Il}6SS-a046. ::: 
::::.:.:.:;:.: •.• :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:0:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~:~ 

Statements Concerning Watson 
Black Students Un ion sufficient IIIIIlbers of Black faculty, staff and administration again has 

proven iJllensitive to the needs of 
Blacks bere. Blacks in all positions at 
this university are under-represented 
at best, and non-exi.te~t in most cases. 

Apia. we ...... lIIle 10 re-Iterale 
dial Prev ... WlllOl ... played I very lID,.... 

CiMaled .. ",e I. 

Communications 
Professor William Siembeda, 
Urban and Rural Studies 
Professor Faustina Solis, 
Urban and Rural Studies 
Professor Jeff Raskin. Visual 
Arts 
Dr. Silvio Varon, Biology 
Professor Will Wright. 
Communications 

We, Black Students of UCSD stiU 
maintain our support for Dr. JOBeph 
Watson as Provost of Third College. 
We feel Dr. Watson is the most 
competent man to see Third College 
grow as an institution dedicated to the 
education of minority people. This is 
due to Dr . Watson's involvement witb 
Third College from its founding and his 
continued efforts to see this college 
succeed. 

One area which is crucial to the 
survival of minority students at UCSD. 
in which Dr. Watson bas played an 
instrumental part, is EOP. He bas. on 
numerous occasions, made sure that 
EOP gave Third College its necessary 
consideration. Contrastly, the UCSD 
administration has been totally 
insensitive to the needs of minority 
students in respect to EOP. In fact, 
the office of Student Affairs. as a 
whole, is a Vt:I'Y disorganized 
operation. This office fails to recruit 
adequate numbers of minority 
students, undergraduate and graduate. 
It is also the responsibility of the Dean 
of Student Affairs to work closely with 
the Adm iss ions Office to insure special 
action slots , and in addition, provide 
adequate supportive services when 
these students arrive on this campus. 
We charge the Dean of Student Affairs 
with failing to comply with his 
responsibilities to minority students at 
UCSD. 

Third 'College Faculty Lumumba-Zapata 

Fluaclal Crills 
Supportive services is not the ol)ly 

area that we feel we are being shafted. 
We find ourselves faCing a grave 
financial crisis on this campus. The 
majority of Black students are 
drowning in a sea of loans. This has 
become such a problem, we are calling 
upon this University to find more grant 
monies for students who need financial 
assistance. The financial packages 
now distributed are severely short of 
meeting the needs of an average 
student. It is a known fact that 
students who suffer from lack of funds 
also suffer in their classroom 
performance. We also find that 
students who are forced to work during 
their freshma n year are under a 
tremendous emotional strain. which 
also is detrimental to their academic 
success. 

Another crucial need of Elack 
students at UCSD is a Black Studies 
program. To this da y. there is n(l such 
program on campus. We feel the 
validity of Black Studies is 
established. and we have made such .. 
request previously. And once again, we 
find it necessary to demand, not ask 
for a Black studies program on this 
campus. This program is essential to 
the mental health and growth of Black 
students on this ca mpus. 

Hand in hand with Black studies wc 
must ca ll attention to the lack of 

Cbancellor McElroy : 
Durin« the course of the year 

numerous disagreemenb have arisen 
between the provost of Third College 
and various groups in his college 
constituency. These disputes ba ve 
involved prospective faculty appoint-
ments and other matters of vital 
importance to tbe college, 

We, the undersigned Third College 
faculty, feel that we bave tried to 
resolve these disagreements in an 
equitable manner. Yet time and again 
we have found the provost insensitive 
to our concerns. Given this situation. 
we are forced to interpret his actions 
as a lack of trust in the faculty . 

This general situation bas resulted in 
a pervasive decline of morale and a 
diversion of energy which needs to be 
put into the development of courses 
and programs so important to the 
continued growth of Third College. 
The condition appears to have become 
chroni<; . to the point where it seriously 
\hreatens the future of our college. The 
loss of morale is evident as well among 
the student body. with serious 
consequences for the drive and 
enthusiasm with which they bave 
approached the performance of their 
already difficult academic tasks. 

In recent months the faculty has 
expressed its dissatisfaction with the 
provost's stance in formal faculty 
votes and in informal consultations. in 
the strongest possible terms. Yet the 
provost has indicated that he has no 
serious intention of changing his 
position. Having exhausted all avenues 
of reconciliation. we find it necessary 
at this time to withdraw our 
confidence from the provost, to call for 
his resignation , and to ask that he be 
replaced with an acting provost 
forthwith. 
Dr, Mario Barrera , Political Science 
Dr. Carlos Blanco, Literature 
Dr. Arthur Diaz. Chemistry 
Dr. Richard Dutton, Biology 
Dr. Richard Escobedo, Mathematics 
Dr. Robert Heifotz, Urban and Rural 
Studies 
Dr. Arturo Madrid. Literature 
Professor Gracia Molina de Pick, 
Literature 
Dr. Diego Munoz. Mathematics 
Dr. Brian O'Brien. Biology 
Dr. Michael Real. Biology 
Dr . Herbert Schiller . 

Steering Comm. 
TIle c.n.t Sltutiea .. nH c.uege 

On Monday, April 24. approlimately 
two-thirds of the college called for the 
resilJlltion of Joe Watson, the current 
provost. Letters were sent to the 
Cbancellor from MECHA, the United 
Native Americans, the Asian 
American Student Alliance, the White 
Caucus, and a substantial majority of 
tbe faculty presently on the college 
campus. These letters expressed the 
feeling tbat the ideals of the college 
had been violated and tbat our right to 
self-determination had been denied. 

A steering committee was set up 
with representatives from the groups 
calling for the resignation. 

TIle I ... es Be~ TIle c.&rOVel'IY 
Third College was originally set up 

with the idea that the development of 
quality programs, and a relevant 
education for Third World people could 
only come about through the total 
participation of everyone in the college 
in determining the nature of that 
education. It seemed clear that 
traditional and bureaucratic means of 
operation could not break through the 
biases and rigidities of American 
higher education. Many of us bave lost 
sight of this original intention, or were 
never made completely aware of it . We 
have now documented this intention, in 
a report presented to the Cha ncellor 
today entitled " An Historical 
Perspective of the Structure of Third 
College" <Report No. II. In this 
document we summarize the relevant 
information from the original 
Lumumba-Zapata demands, the 
actions of the UCSD Academic Senate, 
the Third College Academic Plan, and 
the Third College By-Laws. 

The reason we bave called for the 
reSignation of Watson as provost is 
that he has violated the principles and 
the spirit of Lumumba-Zapata College. 
and replaced them with something 
which we call Third College. In 
refUSing to honor the collective 
decisions of the college,as expressed in 
the general assembly, the board of 
directors, and other bodies, and 
concentrating the power in the office 
of the provost , Joe Watson has 

CoDtI_ed OD ,.,e 10 

1,100 Signatures Collected for P.I.R.G. 
Rick Drom 

Over 1,100 signatures were 
gathered in support of the 
PIRG petiti~ in the first week 
of the drivt: . The PLRG petition 
asks the administration to set 
up a Public Interest Research 
Group here on campus. It has 
received endorsements from 
many administrative members 
as well as students and faculty . 

Chancellor William McElroy 
made this comment about the 
organization : .. J think that 
CalPIRG IS a good idea 

because it promises to marshal 
effective . full-time 
professionals on areas of 
specific student concern. If I 
were a student, I'd pay my four 
dollars. " 

George Murphy , Vice -
Chancellor of Student Affairs, 
said of the petition, " The 
promise of a PIRG at UCSD is 
an exciting one. I hope students 
generally will share this sense 
and that the promise can be 
realized beginning next fall ." 

Tom Hull. staff assistant to 
the vice-chancellor of 
academic affairs, also supports 
the idea of a PIRG on campus. 

A NEW CAIARET OffERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT ..• 
FOOD AND DRINK SlRVED 
DAll Y FlOM 11:00 II1II 
UNTIl 2:11-. 
4970 VOU AtlE OCEAN lEACH 

(714) 22:1-9773 

He recently said that he is 
"very much in support of the 
basic idea of a PIRG. An 
organization similar to Nader 's 
Raiders could do much to work 
for real solutions to the 
problems which face our 
community. ,. 

The group ~ope s to get 70 per 
cent of the students at UCSD to 
sign the petition . But PIRG 
spokesman say that more 
volunteers are needed if the 
group is to reach its goal soon. 

All students or faculty 
members who would like to 
help out would be very 

a~,.v" .... " to 

Besides in distributing and 
signing petitions, help can be 
used in a number of other 
areas. 

Those who would like more 
information or would like to 
give some time to the effort 
can phone either Karen 
Steentofte at 453-9393 or Linda 
Boelhauf at 276-3063. Additional 
information can also be 
obtained at the MU ir 
" fishbowl, " which is the 
headquarters of the PIRG 
drive at UCSD. Volunteers will 
be able to give information and 
answer questions about the 

drive . 

BODY KOVERS 
rite hs' ,,"di •• II II •• c •• " 

1448 Camino Del Mar 

Your Help is Needed to End the 
Senseless KilIing in Southeast Asia 

You just may have a unique opportunity to do something to 
help end the war in Viet Nam. 

1. 83% of the American people want out of Viet Nam. 
2. A majority of the American people support the step up in 

the air war because they think Nixon is stopping an invasion by 
North Viet Nam. 

3. A majority will probably support the prl'sent escalation. 
4. The monsoons will be in Viet Nam in dbout a month, the 

land will be covered with clouds, and U.S. planes will have to 
bomb blindly. 

5. ARVN's few fighting troops are in chaos from the present 
offensive. 

6, It takes two months to get supplies down the Ho Chi Minh 
trail. 

7. Using masses of U.S. troops again will lose the November 
election. 

8. Nixon is already bombing the rail lines, and only 10% of 
the supplies to NVN come in by ship. 

Put it all together . 
Nixon bas no alternatives in escalation except nuclear 

weapons or saturation bonibing to annihilate the Vietname~e 
people. If he maintains the present policy, the Vletnames~ Will 
be in control of all of Viet Nam by November. There Will be 
thousands of American prisoners and he will lose the election. 
If no alternative will win. the election by the July Republican 
convention he will withdraw and take whatever action will 

The Chain Peti tion 
Ask if they know about AIR WAR VOTE. If no, explain what 

it is . If they don't want to sign it, you are usually into a rap on 
the Viet Nam War . If they sign it, ask them if they will carry 
one. If they will carry one, ask if they want some for the people 
who sign their petition. WE WILL HAVE EVERYONE WHO (S 
AGAINST THE WAR OUT IN THE COMMUNITY RAPPING 
ABOUT IT. 

What Can You Do! 
Get some petitions at the AIR WAR VOTE table, grab a 

friend and get out in the community to start a chain. Or, if you 
have more energy. get together with someone who needs your 
help below. As we spread out mto the community we must 
organize centers where petitions can be picked up and 
returned. 

paint him as a " good guy" in future U.S. history books. Nixon 
must choose between annihilation of the Vietnamese people, 
losing the election, and the 7 point Peace Plan. We mu.st make 
him say, "In order to stop the senseless slaughter of mnocen! 
people, I am going to sacrifice my politic~1 career and follow 
the 7 Point Peace Plan." If he thinks that s hiS only chance to 
win the election or be a "good guy", he'll say it. We've got to 
make him say it. The American people must be reached and we 
must get out to the community to do it . 

Start a chain reaction. 
The AIR WAR VOTE Petition is an opportunity to reach the 

people. It is an attempt to get the signatures of enough 
registered voters to get a measure on the Novem~er ballot. 
which if enacted into California law. calls for the Immediate 
withdrawal of U.S. military , logistical and financial support 
from the governments in Southeast Asia . This gives us a 
chance to get out in the community and rap about .the war as 
well as racism and everything else which relates to It. The vote 
on the air war in November is academic, we have to influence 
the public opinion polls before then. 

The timing is critical. The present petition must be in, 
precinct numbers found for each signature, and in the hands 
of the Registrar of Voters by May 23, 10 days aw~~ . Shortly 
thereafter. there will be a new supplementary petItIOn which 
must be in by the middle of June. 

Want to Get Your 
'Rap Together! 

WANT TO GET YOUR RAP TOGETHER? 
VIET NAM - to 1954, 7-10 p.m .. USB 2722. Monday, May 15. 29. 
VIET AM - 1954 to the Present , 7-10 p.m .. USB 2722 , 
Monday. May 22. June 5. 

by John Leonard, UCSD History Department 
The community is the discussion section. 

The AIR WAR VOTE commi'tlee is you and me. If you see 
something which needs being done, do it. If you want to find 
one who is coordinating that type of thing come by any AWV 
center or call 453-Q889. 
Air War Vote Centers : 
Revelle table, 
Muir table, 
Muir table, 
Del Mar - Earth Song Book Store 
Solana Beach - People 's Food 
Encinitas - La Paloma 

We need money for ads. literature, etc. 
If you can spare us some, give us a donation at any AI R WAR 

VOTE table or send it to AWV, P.O. Box 4456 La Jolla . 
California 92037. We are going to print the petition and 
circulator 's info in TRITO TIMES if we get enough money. 

Help Wanted 

Special Events coordinator . 
Someone to orga nize groups to 
chain petitions at rock 
concerts, sporting cvents. etc. 
Revelle Table . 

Writers . Netd someonc to 
write leaflets concermng war 
and how it relates to racism , 
imperialism. etc . Revelle 
Table. 

People to keep the Muir Quad 
table open. Come bV the Muir 
Table to sign up for hours vou 
can work. 

People to keep Revelle Table 
open daily. Sign up for hours 
at Revell Table. 

Monev coordinator la suming 
we get some l. Someone to 
collect monev. keep it. and 
allocate it to Air War Vote 
projects. Should live on 
campus. Revelle Table. 
Need room for Air War Vote 
Office with telephone. Prefer 
suite which is so together they 
wouldn't mind chaos through 
finals. Revelle Table. 

Printing and Reproduction 
coordinator . Someone or group 
experienced in u e of 
mimeographing machine . 
Revelle Table. 

Volu nteers to do tvping . make 
poster , and vanou other 
tasks Revelle Table. 

Literature Distribution 
coordinator. Someone to 
coordinate distribution of all 
petitions . circulator 
information . etc , Revelle 
Table. 

Advertisement 

Community Centers - South 
coordinator. Di s tribute 
literature to outlets in La Jolla, 
Pacific Beach. and Mission 
beach a nd pick up signed 
petition . Revelle Table. 

Leaflet coordmators. Several 
people needed to coordinate 
writing, reproduction. and 
distribution of leaflets Revelle 
Table. 

Precincters, People to add 
precinct numbers to petitions. 
Call Ken Hunt at 755·8947. 

Resea rch coordinator 
Someone to document and 
catalog facts and arguments 
about the VIet am war and 
act as an information resource 
for petition circulators and 
leaflet writers . Rcvelle Table. 

Community coordinator -
orth. Someone to organize 

groups to cham petitIOns 
wherever people congregate. 
theater line , ct urche , in Del 
Mar , Solana B<!ach, Cardiff. 
Revelle Ta ble. 

.. ________________________________________________________ ~I, 

Page 3 Triton Times Moy 12, 1972 



( 

W. willi • thank the CRAZY TIMES 
"', NpriftIing this TRITON TIMES 
ediIerioI of No. ember 14, 1969. 
Wo _ glad they lICOgI'Iiz. and 
applCiate a good tdi1orial. 

Come you InIItIn of _, 
you who buHd the big guM 
you who bujld the deeth pI.nII 
you who build the big bomb, 
you who hide behind VAlli 
you who hide behind deskl 
I just went you to know 
I CIfI .. throu~ your IMIks. 

You who nev.- done nothing 
but build to destroy, 
you play with my world 
lik. it's your little toy. 
You puu gun in my hinds 
_ you hide from my ay_, 
then you tum _ run f.mer 
• the flit bullets fly. 

Uk ....... of old, 
you lit IftCI cIecift .... • 
wortd _ C8f'I be won 
you went me to believe. 
But I .. throu9'I your IYtI 
_ I .. throu;' your Inin 
like I .. throu;. the wm. 
1hIt runs down my drain. 

triton tillles 
URI .. 1ily of CIIIforftII, .... DiIID 

I.e ....... CIIifamia t2037 
17141463-20lI0. at. 101', Advertisint txt. ,o,~ 

Molly Selvin, Editor·in-Chief Terry Borak, Business Manager 

'he Miteriah oxpretted. ...... _ .....,..... by the TilTON TIMES Edi.erial ... ct. AI Gthe, opinieM 
......... on this ,... •• !I.e ., ·the au"" ..... MIMI ."... in .he byline I, .net ... l1li 
_IMIY , ..... the view. of the TIlTON TIMES. Anyone clewing .osubmi. matorial.o bo publith.cl in 
this IOCfien theuW.nct it 'o.he Edi •• iaI Diroctor, 'IITON TIMES, 11711allo Hall, UCSD. 

You '-ten the triggen 
for the others to fire, 
then you sit beck and WItCh 
_ the death count gIts h.,.. 
You hide in your mMIIions 
• the young peopIe'I blood 
flows out of their bodies 
_ is buried In the mud. 

,.. 
~ ... 

... 

W-
You've throWn the worst feIr 
Nt C8f'I .. be hurlld 
-feIr to bring chIldren 
into the wortd. 
For thrtltning my bIby, 
unborn _ Umlmed, 
you Iin't worth the blood 
thlt ruM in your VIi ... 

Now you .., who ... I 
to ... out of tum. 
you IIY that I'm young 
you IIY I'm un_ned, 
but there II one thing I know, 
thou;. I'm younger thin you, 
MII .... I would ... 
forgive whn you do. 

Let me Ilk you one qulltion, 
Is your money that good? 
Will it buy you ~? 
Do you think Nt h could1 
I think you will find 
when dI.atI tile. 11111011, 
lit the money you IMdt 
win not buy beck your IOUI. 

And I hope thIt you die 
_ your dIIth will come lOOn , 
I will follow ycu CIIbt 
on ...... hImoori. 
I'll WItch while you',.IoWII_ 
clown In your dIIth bid, 
thin 1'111tnI OM' your ....,. 
'till I'm .,,. that you',. deed. 

by Bob Dylan 

Air War Vote-
What's It All About There's Peace In Them There Mines 

Raoul Contreras 
Currently circulating on campus is a petition 

for..using the initiative to put the question of 
stopping the air war against Vietnam on the 
California ballot in November. The 1JCSD Air 
War Vote Committee has found its biggest 
problem to be not 'so much getting people to 
sign the initiative, but in understanding what it 
is all about. 

It must be made clear that whether the 
necessary 325,000 signatures can be gathered 
by the end of June, whether the question gets 
put 00 the ballot, whether the measure can 
pass in the November elections are all really 
rather academic questions, if not toLally 
irrelevant. If the initiative were passed in 
November, it might be possible to file legal 
injunctions against all warrelated industries 
in the state. However, this would not do the 
Vietnamese people much good if they have 
been pulveriJed into non-existence by that 
time. 

WeD tllen. what is the objective of the 
initiative~ The objective is the ultimate in 
radical political action - the politicalization 
0( the "masses" one by one. After all , why 
does the war continue when the people have 
espn!SSed their desire to have it end now? It 
cootinues because Richard Nixon can order 
the IIliIIiDg or Vietnamese ports and then 
immediately go 00 national television and talk 
abovt "American interests'· and "Soviet' · 
iIlterests aDd ··danger ·· to AmeriCfln soliders. 

~ the nest day the LOS ·ANGELES 
TIllES prints the text of his speech word for 
word ... lid thereby helps perpetrate the myths 
or ··D·Jrtb·· Vietnamese aggression and 
.. -u. . Vielnamess self-<letermination. 

~ of justlearing the logi~ of his speech 
tosllreJs. 

WeD tk aoU-war n'UVtl"ent doe'"·. have 
use of ..utiona.1 televiSIOn networks : in order to 
~T k admmislration·s propaganda it 
n..t ,aate use of what It does have , lots of 
fed.. ~ and minds The goal of the air 
war WIle is oot so much gelling supporters to 
sigD r. it is going out into the community and 
starfult a rap on the war With the 
··opposition·· - to disseminate the truth . 

Through the years the anti,war movement 
has essentially expressed itself by protest and 
demonstration - usually withur the confine of 
the university. The ··protest"" was important : 
It gave the movement life and nurtured it 
through the struggle against Amencan 
Imperialism. And . the protesl IS stili 
Page 4 T ritan Times May 12, 1972 

important - if you can stop the university 
from functioning as usual, then stop it. 
However, the next truly important anti·war 
strike will not be staged by students at 
Revelle, or Berkeley or Harvard - it must be 
carried out by the EMPLOYEES of the 
University of California or the WORKERS at 
General Dynamics in San Diego or General 
Motors in Detroit. The American people want 
an end to the war. Their social consciousness 
is at a level where they are willing to accept 
what we have to say, if we are willing to go out 
and talk to the people. 

The Air War Vote plan is simple : it consists 
of creating a "chain" which begins with you. 
The individual goes into the community and 
asks the average citizen to sign the petition. If 
the citizen is sympathetic and signs it he is 
asked if he knows the history of our 
involvement: if he knows what American 
military technology is doing to Vietnam : why 
the war continues even though the people want 
it to stop ; why ultimately only he, the citizen, 
can force an end to the war. Finally the 
sympathetic citizen is asked iI he will carry a 
petition and try to get his neighbors to sign it 
and to carry one themselves. 

If the individual asks the citizen to sign and 
he refuses, then the real task begins. After all , 
it really does take more guts to Lalk about the 
war with a retired Navy Captain than to be 
just another individual in a march. The 
ultimate goal of the " chain" is to have every 
single person against the war out rapping, 
educating and convincing all the others how 
they, the people, must force an end to the war 
Going out into the community and talking to 
the people on a one to one basis is hard work , 
time consuming and not very glamourous. 
But, all of us have a responsibility because it is 
nllr bombs which are falling on the 
Vietnamese people . 

The Air War Vote Committee (which is 
everyone Willing to come I meets on Tuesday 
nights at7 :30 p.m. in Rm 506 Mathews campus 
for planning sessions. Faculty and starr, 
because of their ties in the community are 
espeCially important and are urged to attend . 
For anyone who is doubtful about hi ability to 
rap on the war a pccial 3·hour crash course on 
our involvement m Vietnam will be given by 
History Professor Jack Leonard . Monday 
Right in 2722 BSB. The chain begins with you so 
bring along a fnend who hasn·t heard about 
the meetmg or the class. 

Rod Walker, M.A. T.A., History 
The keynote of the reaction to the 

Presidential blockade of North Vietnam has 
been irrationality. From the right we get 
mindless paeans of " it's about time we got 
tough" sentiment. From the left we get 
equally mindless marches and demonstrations 
and of course >tbe Ubiquitous, endless. and 
useless petitions. From the center we get 
gape·mouthed bewilderment. As Chamfort 
said, " How many fools does it take to make a 
public?" 

The problem with the blockade is that on the 
surf..cc it appears to be a colossal blunder. It 
seems almost unmatched as rn inopportune 
move, and it could be wondered whether 
Richard Nixon has not suddenly lost his mind. 
Consider, for instance, these possible 
consequences: 

1. The blockade will increase the scope and 
tempo of anti-Nixon agiLation at home. 

2. Previous attempts to deal with North 
Vietnam by displays of force have only 
stiffened .heir resolve; this action might even 
bring about an end to the Paris negotiations. 

3. Unlike our previous actions in Vietnam. 
this seems calculated to bring about a direct 
confrontation with the Soviet Union. 

In short, the blockade appears hasty and ill· 
considered. That very aspect. however, should 
make us all suspicious that things are lICIt 
what they seem. For good or ill , Richard 
Nixon is an extremely capable politician. He 
mayor may not be wise, but he is ncver hasty. 
It is decidedly out of character for Nixon to 
Lake decisive action which is not almost 
certain to succeed . If the blockade is such a 
chancy operation as it appears , it is wholly out 
of character for Nixon to have undertaken it. 

Furthermore. Nixon 's chief advisor, Dr. 
Henry Kissinger , is one of the most subtle and 
sophisticated diplomats alive. He is intimately 
involved in the blockade decision. which 
should be an indication that something more is 
afoot than a mere military expedient of 
dubious effectiveness. 

It is logical to assume that Nixon is not 
acting out of character. and seek an 
explanation which makes sense. Furthermore. 
we must explain all of the curious diplomatic 
pussy·footing which has gone on with the 
Soviet Union in the recent past. It cannot be 
explained merely because the Soviet Union 
has special interests In the area , In my 
opinion. that is not an explanation, it is 
camouflage. There is every indication that the 
blockade was not a surprise to the Soviet 
Union. I contend that the U.S.S.R. not only 
knew about the blockade well in advance ; it 

has already agreed not to oppose the blockade. 
I am convinced that what seems to be an 
escalation of the war is in reality the visible 
effect of Soviet·American connivance to end 
the war in Southeast Asia. 

China is the key to the Russian part in this 
arrangement. It is no secret that Sino-Soviet 
relations have been steadily deteriorating 
since at least 1956. Both nations are convinced 
that there will eventually be a war between 
them, and they are probably right. Recent 
Soviet strategy in the Middle East, the Indian 
Ocean, and Southeast Asia is aimed at 
securing positions from which to operate 
against China and at making China's situation 
generally less secure. No area is more 
important to this strategy than Vietnam. In 
order to attack Russia in central and 
northeastern Asia, China must have miliLary 
security in the south and must have possession 
of the agricultural and mineral resources 01 
Southeast Asia . Russian policy is aimed at 
creating in Vietnam a powerful bastion 
against Chinese southward imperialism, 
powered by the traditional hatred of the Viet 
people for the Han Chinese of the north. 

The present war is rooted in American 
foreign policy considerations which are 
a.lmost identical to those of the U.S.S.R. but 
which mistakenly assumed that Hanoi and 
Peking were allied. One may as well ask Bill 
Buckley and Gore Vidal to kiss and make up. 
In any event, the identity of Soviet and 
American objectives in Southeast Asia now 
appears to offer a positive hope for peace. 

The war in Southeast Asia is contrary to 
Soviet interests. North Vietnam is distracted 
to the south, and its military capability is 
being dissipated with no result. The current 
offensive, which has committed all available 
force, is already beginning to bog down. ([n 
fact, the miliLary excuses offered for the 
blockade are not at all convincing in view of 
the fact that the North Vietnamese have failed 
to achieve any significant forward 
momentum. ) 

An end to the war is a clear Soviet objective 
Once that is achieved, the area could be 
divided into Vietnamese and Thai spheres of 
influence. Vietnam could then undertake a 
build·up of economic, political , and miliLary 
power which has an appropriate northern 
orienLation. 

Russia wants to end the war . America wants 
to end the war. So why isn't it over? The 
trouble is in Hanoi. North Vietnam is not a 
puppet of the U,S.S.R., however close they 

c.a ..... rn.,.p. 

Letters to the Ed it~r 
Individual 

Effort 
policy 01 this country than just 
several select individuals at 
the top, who act as our 
spokesmen. 

godhead, but with that grin, 
well, for a moment they were 
as impOrtant as be was." It is 
this combination of envy and 

To Those Wbom It May 
Concern: 

Vietnamese lor over a decade 
and have contributed vast 
amounts 01 supplies and troop 
strerwtb in a campaign that is 
actually and theoretically a 
civil war. Is it that this country 
is too call1ht up in its world 
image to accept a 'military 
defeat' under threat that it will 
lose face to its Asian enemies? 

UIda GUIIlIier self-criticism lying behind 
passages like this - passages 

Okie·dominated culture is 
responsible for Dave's unusual 
accent ), is his sense of an luer 
moral imperative which gives 
Harris that quality of intense 
concentration (well balanced, 
fortunately , by a good sense of 
self·humor ) which exudes so 
strongly Irom him that it under 
cuts his skills as a political 
skills as a policitcal organizer. 
It is this inner impulse towards 
sincerity, authenticity and self· 
sacrifice which Miss Garwood 
has tried to ca pture when she 
writes : .... , certainly he must 
have sensed that, not unlike 
leeches, they would have to be 
fed daily with his own spirit 
and dreams in order to get 
them to work for the cause ." 

worker once the speaker has 
moved on to the next whistle 
stop: and yet he can't get away 
from creating that reaction 
when he speaks. He's asking 
his audience for a commitment 
of the soul and. the spirit - a 
commitment commensurate to 
his own - and in our spiritually 
barren time, when inner 
conversion and outer social 
action seem so devoid of 
connection. this is too much to 
ask for . In fact , for anyone who 
has the desire to unite a group 
of people of diverse capacities 
and limitations around a single 
issue it is pragmatically 
sensible that this is too much to 
ask for . David Harris is the 
kind of guy who is so spiritually 
charged that he is bound to be a 
political failure : with him , it is 
a matter of principle to ask for 

It would merely be a 
restatement on my part to 
expound upon the atrocities 
committed in the war in Viet 
Nam, which is ... esently a 
catchword that immediately 
kindles somber reflections and 
angry sbouts and cries for 
action amonc most, if not all , 
of the students here at UCSD. 
These cries of protest are well· 
founded , for tbey emerge from 
those persons who make up a 
part of America, a~ it ,!as.tbe 
original democratic ",IDClple 
of that country that all voices 
be heard. 11 in fact they grew to 
the commonly shared feelings 
of the majority in that country, 
it would be the duty of the 
president as representative and 
spokesma n for the entire 
American population to 
consider what action could best 
be taken to comply with these 
cries that are so energetically 
endorsed by the students at 
UCSD. 

David Harris wbic.h have IIOt~ingto do with 
the ISSUes HarriS proposed to More Authentic ?discuss. or with a movement 

We. tbe students, want an 
end to the war, not an 
escalation of its scale so that 
even more persons are killed 
and emotions stirred to the 
extent that countries that were 
formally neutral, or at least 
acquiescent on our behalf, are 
going to withdraw their 
support. What, indeed would 
be the consequence if a British 
or Japanese ship were to be 
blown up by a mine the U.s . 
planted in Hai POOC harbor? 

Editors : 
I would like to make a couple 

of comments on Miss Joni 
Garwood's article <III David 
Harris. Although I didn't attend 
bis Thursday night speech, I 
saw him speak last summer 
here in San Diego. and six 
years ago saw him speak 
several times when he was 
running for student body 
president at Stanford. Harris 
has an undeniable charisma, 
and is a kind of natural public 
speaker - talents and qualities 
much to be admired. 

However, it seems as tbough 
the President has turned a deaf 
ear ,the cries of protests from 
the American public. Indeed, in 
his speech broadcast on 
nationwide T.V. and radio on 
Monday night, he specifically 
gave mention to the fact that he 
was aware of the strong 
[eelings against the war, but 
that he chose not to recognize 
their validity in this instance 
since he felt certain that those 
who spoke of ending the war 
would want to do so in a 
manner that would not smudge 
or blacken our national honor . 
How can our honor be at stake 
when we have rendered our 
assista nce to the South 

Most of the rallies heij 
protesting the war and calling 
for innmediate withdrawal of 
American troops in Indochina 
have encouraged the students 
to enter into the community to 
either make their feelings 
known through the news media 
or through personal encounters 
of going from door to door . 
However , since I am physically 
handicapped, I feel that my 
best efforts to put an end to the 
war would be inwriting letters 
and if most of you who feel the 
same were to write also, our 
representatives in congress 
and the legislature would, at 
least, feel the backing of a 
group en masse. Anyone can 
follow in a march down Horton 
Plaza, but it takes more 
individual effort to express 
specifically your reasons for 
protest and to offer any viable 
solution to your 
represenLatives in government 
in a letter. May the cries of 
protest again become the voice 
of the people which will carry 
more weight in determining the 

What disturbs me about the 
report on him, however -
excepting those parts which 
were deliberately rhetorical , 
like the conclusion: " It was a 
reference to their apathy! They 
could hardly wait to applaud 
him and snatch up those 
initiatives." - was the writer 's 
sustained tone of awe and 
reverence before the figure of 
Mr: Harris. Apart from the 
'women's lib' line of criticism 
which could be Laken on the 
article (which I dOD't t/.link is 
worth botbering with ), the 
elements of adulation in Miss 
Garwood's article are cause 
for concern. They are closely 
related to those traits of 
character which make a 
susLained grass roots political 
movement of the kind she is 
·advocating so unlikely of 
achievement. 

She seems to approach 
recognition of this fact when 
she writes . " He was a 
Mandarin , a spiritual hero. a 

P'eace in those mines ... 
CoIItblHd from Page 4 

might be. Hanoi has been far more 
intransigent in negotiation than Moscow would 
like. No matter how reasonable and rational 
the North Vietnamese peace proposals might 
or might not be, the fact is that no real will to 
compromise has been shown, while the 
United States has made at least some 
concessions. The purpose of negotiations. 
after all , is for two sides to reach mutual 
agreement. not for one to concede to the other. 

Without doubt Moscow has urged Hanoi to 
moderate its stance. and without success, It is 
now necessary to apply pressure. But the 
U.S.S.R. cannot accept the onus for applying 
the most obvious and logical pressure, a cut· 
off of miliLary aid. This would undo the Soviet 
position in Southeast Asia and force Hanoi to 
turn to Peking for aid . In addition. such action 
would undermine the U.S.S.R.'s leadership 
among its present allies . 

However . an effective American blockade 
would accomplish the same' objective without 
hurting the Soviet image. At the same time. 
the American image abroad would not be 
damaged any more than it has already been 
damaged by the war- it might even be 
improved if Peace were to result. At home. the 
Soviet leaders can improve their image as 
good friends of North Vietnam by indulging in 
viOlent- and ineffectual- verbal abuse. At the 
same time they can establish a reputation for 
prudent leadership by declining a direct 
confrontation. They can hardly have forgotten 
that the Cuban Incident was a major factor in 
undermining NikiLa Khrushchev·s image as a 
responsible leader and in causing his fall from 
power. 

A POillbie Boon 
For Nixon. too . the blockade by agreement 

can be a boon. In the left and middle political 
sectors. opinion is sufficiently well set that the 
blockade is not going to affect the distribution 
of opposition and support. On the right . 
however . his ·· firmness·· in Vietnam will bring 
back into his fold many who were turned off bv 
his virtual recognition of the Peking regime. 
And if peace results. he will pick up support in 
the middle sectOr!. 

The timing of this move is also important 
with respect to China . Unlike the U.S.SR .. 
China does not have the air transport capacity 
to mount an airlift. while ground and sea 
routes have been cut off. A milltarv reaction is 
unlikely. Late last ~ear . the Chlneie Air Force 

was deeply implicated in what appears to have 
been an abortive CODP against Mao Tse·tung. 
As a consequence, its military effectiveness 
has been measurably reduced, if not 
eliminated entirely, for some time to come. It 
is probable that Peking is at the moment 
relatively distrustful of tits ground forces as 
well , With China thus neutralized by internal 
problems, North Vietnam is effectively cut off 
if Russia is truly- as I believe-a silent 
partner to the blockade. 

The scenario for the future thus seems 
clear: 

1. The Soviet Union will protest. most 
vigorously. Words will fly . Nothing else will 
fly . We will be treated to some gorgeous 
verbal !lyro·technics. 

2. The Moscow Summif will occur as 
scheduled. 

3. Soviet ships will not try to run the 
blockade. There will be no attempt at a Soviet 
airlift. 

4. The SALT talks will continue normally. 
5. The anti-war movement will scale new 

heights of frenetic activity. producing enough 
petitions to wrap all the fish in the Pacific 
Ocean. Crowd scenes at demonstrations will 
be filmed by a Japanese director for a 
forthcoming specLacular. ' ·Godzilla Tromps 
on the U,S. For a Change. ,. 
• 6, Soviet pressure on Hanoi to continue the 
Paris Lalks. and to make concessions to the 
U.S. position. will increase. 

7. The war will end by agreement before 
November . At some future date Vietnam will 
be reunified under a Communist government 
located at Hanoi. The Soviet Union and the 
United Slates will participate in at least some 
join t programs to develop the area 
economically. 

8. Richard Nixon will be elected to a second 
term. He will carry approximately 2/ 3 of the 
Electoral College. 

Those who find this scenario. and the 
reasons projected for it . fanLastic should 
recall that stranger thangs have happened in 
the world of diplomacy. It seems far stranger. 
in fact. that Richard Nixon should blockade 
North Vietnam in order to defy the Soviet 
Union than that he should do sO with Soviet 
permission. The former analysis simply does 
not make sense. depending as it does on a 
partisan and determinist interpretation of the 
lacts which il unacceptably narrow. And tbe 
world. al Gandalf says to Bilbo Blains. is 
really very wide, after all . 

towards political activism of 
her own - which serve 
psychologically to abort. rather 
than to nurture. a sense of 
cooperative political action. 
And while David Harris would 
be the last to see this happen as 
a result of his speech, Joni 's 
response is less her rau It than 
Harris's: because his entire 
appeal - the logic on which his 
social c .... llmitment is based -
is the logic of mora I 
rigbteousness. 

Rooted in the strict 
Protestant background of his 
home-town, Fresno ( whose 

Harris is a very intelligent 
guy and he knows that anyone 
who reacts in this way to a 
political organizer will be 
worthless as a self·motivating 

too much. Sincerely, 
Terry Bai" 

Wooly Thinkers, Unite! 
John Freeman 

When the old Ku Klux Klan used to have have an ace-in·the hole, who think you have to 
their meetings in the church house on use power to get anywhere , They are highly 
Wednesday nights or Sunday evenings after competitive types. best illustrated by the fact 
the service, somebody would get up in front of that they got where they are. But anyway, 
the group and fire a lot of rhetoric at them and they think the world has to be the way It is 
get everybody all foaming; then they'd go out now, full of power of politics. 
and bomb a Synagogue or kill a few blacks for The people in power don't think it is possible 
Christ . All with a sense of belonging. A sense to have a world where naticns cooperate 
of fellowship . Everybody felt good 'cause they peacefully toward the better end of mankind. 
were doing it together. Anthropoligists seem hard put to find major 

When the Army gets ready to storm a hill or warless cultures that came in close contact 
village, some loud·mouthed redneck gets up in wihh other cultures, and that remained 
front while they're mounting bayonets and warless or lasted very long. So we go on 
loading ammunition and gets everybody in the playing the same old dirty game , one nation 
mood to kill . Sort of like a cheerleader at a against another's throat. Irs all fucked up. 
college football game. And then some asshole You know that. I know that. What do you do? 
from the press happens to find out and the Morality 
whole thing blows up into a Mai Lai incident. Appeal to the morality of the situation : U.S. 
and the Government is put into the involvement in Vietnam is immoral. you say. 
embarrassing position of having to prosecute What is morality? And since when did politics 
somebody. really follow the dictates of morality? 

Or when the Radiclibs have a meeting Anybody believeing that is downright 
(that 's what they 're called by the Priest of superstitious. If you 're going to be a mo~alist , 
Political Pop-offs himself ), some particularly slay out of politics. And if you 're going mto 
articulate clown gets up in front and uses all politics, you will soon find out that being 
the right words and gets everybody all pissed moral has nothing to do with winning 
off, and they go out and get thrown in jail or elections. unless of course you use the term as 
something. And it makes them feel good. a ploy. 
Gives them a sense of accomplishment. I kind of suspect that these asshole 

Somethin~ to talk about. It even becomes a politicians are right in their assumptions that 
thorn in the sides of those Imper'alist.Fascist. the ugly world of collective Man is made of the 
Up·tight·Lying.Pig Politicians. And that stuff called dirty rotten animal power politics. 
makes everybody feel good, too, and that wide-eyed idealists who think it 'll ever 

Competition change are going to be frustrated for a long 
Have you ever noticed how some people time to come , So what now? Demonstrate if 

seem to act very competitively when they you want. Be a moralist, Fascist, Dipshit, 
relate with people. and others seem to avoid Communist. Yippie. or Jehovah·s Witnes . 
the sense of competition and look for warm Categorize yoursell. Identify yoursell . 
friendships that might grow and develop, etc .. however you will . Act however you so desire. 
etc.? Did you ever try to talk to one of the Ifs a free country (come on, smile I. But know 
competitors' The kind that think you have to the rules of the game. Look beyond your noses. 
have an ace·in·the·hole all the time and never If you don 't want to die in Vietnam, then don't 
let yourself go completely, because that would let them send you. But don 't think that being a 
make you vulnerable to losing? If you have. Martyr for a cause is going to appreciably 
you probably know which kind of relationship change the power structure. If you do, you're 
you like . playing by the wrong set of rules. Above all , 

Unfortunately. we have - not only in this don't let the rhetoric delude you . Rhetoric 
country. but throughout the world , and ' hars from either side. 
just the trouble - a bunch 01 leaders of the old Un second thought , go ahead, be deluded if 
Up-tight school. who thi nk tha t y'IIiO.U.hiiia.v.e. t.o __ Y.o.u .w.a.nt •. • 1f.o.n.lY. f.o.r .th.e.S3_ke_of. f.e.llo. W. S.h.i p •. _. 

EXCLUSIVE 
engagement, 
now playing 

"ONE OF THE YEAR'S 10 BEST" 
IIBClroday:SIIow·-",rJ,eaIler-ltew,.-kMapzille 

, ' Ai f"'T? ~, 

EDERBY~=-.. -;:.-.;.-:::= 
-pUS--------~---------

SDUl.saUl 
--.•• --.- . .,.. *-.-.,-
___ · ____ .iiIiii_. __ . __ 

1:11 11:11 

May 12, 1972 T ritan Times PCJge 5 



( 

Documents 
of Struggle 

The Film Action Collective of UCSD, a group of students who 
are involved with the conceptualization, discussion, and 

pnldll4=ti~ln of documentary films, has organized a radical film 
for the weekend of May 13-14. The films, entitled 

"Documents of Struggle", includes many films being shown 
for the first time n this campus. 

The members of the collective think that it is important to 
offer an alternative to the films which are presently being 
shown on campus. For the most part, the Thursday, Friday 
and Saturday Night Films schedule cinema made by the large, 
dominant film producing institutions of the United States and 
Europe . Tbis festival is a collection of 
documentaries distributed by NEWSREEL, who oIfer films 
made in conjunction with grass-roots organizers - in 
communities and on the job. 

The films being shown deal with economic exploitation, 
racism, and sexism as it applies to the poor, workers, women, 
and people of the third world. 

SATURDAY (12:30-4:00) USB 2722 
OIL STRIKE Students and workers strike together in Northern 
California, l". 
11 PM NEWS Unsbown television newsf.ilm of disturbance in 
the black community of Hunters Point. Documentation of over-
kill tactics by police and National Guard. 
MAKE-OUT Short film on the oppressive experience of 
making 'out from a women's point of view. 
CHILDCARE: PEOPLE'S LIBERATION Film essay on the 

Page 6 Triton Times May 12, 1972 

problems of chiJd<are in this society . Filmed af various child-
care centers in New York. 
WOMAN'S FILM On the victimization of poor and working 
women. Poignant interviews that reveal the growth of struggle 
and consciousness. "Finally, a film by , about and for women, a 
film that is really about women's liberation in the truest and 
most far-reaching sense of the word." Ruth McCormick, 
CbleHte 

SUNDAY (12:30-4 :00) USB 2722 
PEOPLE'S PARK Birth, growth and death of a human project 
in a profit society. 
REPORT FROM CHINA Excellent feature length film on 
factory and farm life : filmed during the Cultural Revolution 
(1966-67) by the Japanese woman film-maker Toshie 
Takieda. 
ISLE OF YOUTH Young people come from all over Cuba to 
participate in this in communist livlQg. 
EL PUEBLO SE LEVANTA The growth of the Puerto Rican 
strugle in New York by focusing on the development of the 

You~ Lords Party. 
79 SPRINGS OF HO CHI MINH The life of a revolutionary 
through three revolutions, three continents and three wars. 
Made by the Cuban film-maker Santiago Alvarez. 

, 

Admission for both days of the festival is $2 ; single day 
tickets can be purchased at $1.25. Tickets are available at the 
door . 

rts 

Rose in 
Tom Lindbtrg 

"Roses Don't Grow Here No More" is a the as he shuffles sullenly 
tragi-<:omedy that comes closer to the truth acn •• ~inilnl! stage delivering 
of that billing than was perhaps intended. all members of the 
The laughs are only upliftilll in the escape through his lines 
route they provide away from the heart of a simpleton with a 
the tragedy, and the tragedy is represented patriotism; bul his 
most substantially by the rhythmical credible and a nice 
droppings of tba.t comic relief which overindulgent heroics 
promised the audience a way out of nowhere Donn Peppler plays 
but only circled back to the dead-end kid with a rifle and 
beginning. The real comedown is that we melodrama, whinilll his 
were almost led successfully to believe that with a soft and sweet 
the sing-song oscillation between vaguely and pleading for help 
gallant revolutionary exploits and terse only a super-hero, 
Irish wit was meant to go anywhere in the 
first place. Scrub O'Meara dances 

The peal cutter 's cottage which holds the of his comrades-in-arms 
1921 IRA members in their Hight from an apparently keener 
British soldiers is a dismal enough housing human worth, puffing 
for the urgent display of that vital human that persists in going 
stuff which carries man through tight spots, a bit conservatively 
but the unfriendly cold of the hut, vacated in that never empties, 
the middle of the night by its polite owner. with his nifty 
leads directly to the thinness 01 the conflict jig, and an Irish 
which the barren scene was meant to a landslide over his 
obliterate. The harried group of men, lead by in the race for 
a cooly selfless American, barricade is the British 
themselves in the cottage and immediately blunders into the 
start in wilh a multi--sided quarrel which . I information thai 
says something about the power of trivialties Surrounded and that the 
in a lense situation, but is unconvincing as a off on some other front. 
textured examination of man and his Scrub while the others 
motives. completes the bitter 

Eich of the five revolutionaries is given an group and their 
ulterior, non--patriotic reason for joining the is a clear set up for the 
cause; and this apparently serves to wear Scrub which at last pulls 
away their comaradery into a powder of together. "Man is the 
individual exploits representing mankind 's a damn. It ·s all we've got. 
real dilemma. his selfishness. The intention . sorry lot. " That was really 
was a good one, but the inclusion of a set of to hear . Why he look so 
all too inconsistently funny gags filling the with it will remain the 
gaps between touchingly contrived 
confrontations amo", the baUt. eel soldiers 
only deflated the idea to a single point that 
predictable jokes couldn't support. 

Paul Marvel as the American. Captain 
Riordan, spent the entire evenilll on the 
floor. gasping for authentic-looking pain and 
gradually collecting lines of shadow around 
his eyes in noble attempt to die. which he 
finally does as the play itself dies. Payton 
Turpin shouts his characterization of the 
frightened but aggressive Crail. sorely 
overestlmatilll the acoustical capabilities of 

. of his own script 
his actors' jobs, but 

all possibilities for a 
to Scrub',important 
players evenly in a 

His sense of 
laughs do come 

He has a special 
Ireand's honest 
~ralclpl'i .~, although 

here. do IUllest a 
Which supersedes any 

Sprouting Paintings 
and Golden Calligraphy 

An exhibition of contemporary paintings 
by Francis Sprout, a graduate student in 
the Visual Arts Dept ., will be displayed in the 
University of California, San Diego Art 
Gallery Monday-Friday, May 8-12. 

Sprout 's paintings delineate intensely 
colored areas by brightly colored lines and 
spaces structurely placed in geometric 
patterns based on Moslem tile patterns. 

Sprout feels that contemporary painting 
generally alienates its viewers and hopes to 
rectify the problem. Contemporary art , 
Sprout feels, is seemingly not central to the 

pnncipal values of a society and therefore is 
a luxury-type item. The nebulous shOp-talk 
and esoteric language used by contemporary 
art critics and those who know art also 
alienates the lay-viewers. Sprout hopes to 
reestablish communications through his 
paintings as well as in his conversations with 
those who view his paintings. 

The Gallery is located on the first floor of 
the m.. Bldg. on the Revelle College campus, 
and will be open from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. 

Lenore Goldberg has calligraphic 
paintings on display with Sproul's work. 

Conceptual War 
Visual Arts graduate student 

Fred Lonidier will have a show 
opening in the Art Gallery on 
Tuesday, May 16 at 7:30 p.m. 
Free beer will be served. Along . 
with the regular show of two 
pieces made up from 
photographic images will be a 
participatory work in relation 
to the events in Viet Nam . 
During the opening the artist 
will begi n to wr i te on large 
paper personal memories 
connected with the war The 
student body, faculty and staff 
of UCSD are invited to add to 
this list their personal 
memories plus any photos, 
documents . etc., that seem 
appropriate during the week of 
the show. The artist will spend 
all free time during open hours 
to add to the list except when 
other political activities in 
relation to recent events 
demand his 

PEACE conps 
. 

, 
MANILA _ PHIL 1 PP'I'4ES 

'. 

f . 

. ... 

I 

The other art works consist 
of a Pornography Piece and a 
Surveillance Piece which 
includes " Twenty Nine 
Arrests, Headquarters of the 

lllh Naval District, May 4, 
1972." 

Poster art by Mike Stevenson 
will also be showi ng in the 
gallery. 

DF LA .JDL.LA 

"FINE 
SELECTION 
OF CHEESES 
From around the world. 

7S23·A Fay Ave., La Jolla 
(on Drury Lan. PlaIa) 454·5384 

oppl. p'.,,"" 

GEORGE HARRISON 
o nd "_nds in 

THE CONCERT FOR 
BANGLADESH 

NOW YOU CAN SEE IT 
AND HEAR IT.. . 

IF YOU WERE THERE! 

................ ~ 
PREPARATION FOR SUMMER 

LSAT 
GRE ATGSB 

NOW ENROLlI NG 
• Prtoar.t ,Ot'I for 16ts rfCIUlrHi 'Of' .om,,,ton to 

posl qr.ou"e ,chOOls 

STANLEY H. KAJlLAN ~ 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ Since 1938 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 1-.. SAN 01£10 AUA (114) 274-9630 • 

................ ~ 

An evening o/jazz 
music featuring 
FREDDIE HUBBARD 

with 
George Cables 
Jr. Cooke 
Lenny White 
Alex Bloke 

Friday, May 12, 1972 
uln "AU UCSD Gym 8 p.m. 
••• Offic. $2.00 UCSD Student5 

If $2,50 Other College 5t IIdents Advance 
W-1362 $3.00 General Admisaion at Door 

Also Appeari1lg: PNEUMA 
LOCAL SAN DIEGO JAZZ MUSICIANS 

Sponsored by UCSD Camp'" 'rotromming Board 

May 12, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



•• 'II ..... 'lSltman Press Conferente Resolution 
UDdertaten by the police to 
prevent another confrontation 

CMtiII.e.lnm 'aae 1 between tbe Mayor and 
favor 01 the measure. Tbey 
,stated they had DO qualms 
about wbetber it was ill the 
jurisdiction 01 the council to 
decide on tbe issue. 'Ibey felt 
their stand conveyed their 
opposition to the war and 
Nixon's policies. 

and about the same amount had 
110 opinion. O'Connor then told 
the II'OUP that abe felt abe must 
vote as tbe poll sboWed and 
voted against tbe resolution. 
Mayor Wilson asked the council 
to vote against the resolution. 
He also asked the council to 
accept the suggestion of absent 
Harry Landt and file the 
resolution as an item for 
furtber business. 

As a ...... ,llIrl, .. ,,'u .. 
01. the Mondc!.y 
meetiag ill response to 
President Nixon's decision to 
mine Nor .. b Vietnamese 
harbors, Vict:-Cbancellor Paul 
Saltman, Muir bistory 
professor Michael Parrish, and 
psycbology graduate student, 
Nancy Baker called a press 
conference Tuesday to express 
to the community University 
sentiments about the 
escalation of the war. 

Initially. students of the 
Monday night planning 
committee had hoped that 
Chancellor McElroy would be 
the administration 
spokesman: however , prior 
commitments for meetings 
with Third College 
representatives eliminated the 
possibility of the Chancellor's 
presence. 

The press conference was 
held on the patio of Vice-
Chancellor Saltman's La Jolla 
home. It was attended by 
writers from the SAN DIEGO 
UNION and the EVENING 
TRIBUNE. and by television 
newsman Harold Keen. 

Sallman told the press that 

'c, ~ 

he bad been an opponent of the 
Indocblna war "since I was a 
graduate student in Paris in 
IM1. I speak as a human being 
wbo bappens to be an 
administrator who is opposed 
to this war ... everybody in 
Vietnam is playing machismo 
games . . . never have the South 
Vietnamese forces been 
weaker nor the North Vietnam 
forces more eager to win." 

An EVENING TRIBUNE 
reporter asked the three 
representatives if tbey thought 
their plan for complete and 
unconditional withdrawal from 
Vietnam would enable the U.S. 
POW's to be released. Dr . 
Parrish responded : "I think 
President Nixon should read 
the history of the 1964 Viet 
Minh release of French POW's 
. .. I can't imagine the North 

Vietnamese keeping American 
prisoners after peace has been 
made." 

Asked if students were going 
to resort to "oldtime" devices 

to air their protp~ts . Nanr.v 
Baker informed the reporters 
of several nonviolent protest 
activities occurring on 
campus: "Telegram and letter 

at 2 p.m. Tbe chambers Itere ciemOllltraton. 
packed. San Diego Police Both sides (pro and con to the 
officers had been CCIIIIItiJII tbe resolutioa) were given equal 
number of individuals wbo time to ..,eak tbeir views. It 
went up tbe elevators and were was establisbed by the council 
in radio contact with oIficers that war was bad and that aU 
stationed in tbe Council present were apinst it. One 

artillM _I' major questions raised duriDl 
;;~-;;;t;~:;;;;1n tbe two hours of discussion was 

programs, a appeal 
to tbe San Diego community, 
and the David Harris-
sponsored air war initiative 
petition." 

whether or not tbe San Diego 
City Council had the 
jurisdiction to condemn the 
President and to dictate U.S. 
foreign policy. 

Councilmen Jim Bates, Leon 
Williams, and Floyd Morrow 
all stated that they were in 

Councilwoman Maureen 
O'CO/Iuor told tbe council that 
she had taken a telephone 
straw vote Tuesday and 
Wednesday of 5000 random 
IIImbers in her district. She 
stated that sbe was completely 
against tbe war and the new 
policies but that the majority 
of persons polled stated no 
opposition to the new policies. 
while half that amount opposed 

The results were met by the 
demonstrators in attendance 
with chants and yelli. and 
remarks concernin. tbe 
democracy of tbe situation. 
Most of the group tben moved 
to join a reported 2000 
demonstrators on the streets 

Questioned about what will 
happen in Vitelllm if American 
troops should pull out. Parrish 
remarked : "Let's not kid 
ourselves, if we leave, Vietnam 
will fall to the Communists, but 
I think we can still live in that 
world. " 

THE CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD 
PRESENTS 

Saltman concluded the 
conference by asking the 
press, "What does 'winning' 
mean? Does it mean briDling 
the North Vietnamese to a 
surrender table? I think 
winning means not killing any 
longer." 

Dr. Parrish appeared on 
KFMB television last night. 
and will possibly be on Keen's 
"Telepulse" show this Sunday 
evening. 

Elvin Bishop 
AND 

, SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

MANNA 
~~~~\ ~cP ~~i. ~~ Before buying, let your 
~~fo ~ Credit Union test your new 
v car's loan interest 

$2.00 UCSD Students 

performance. 
Thos >Imp," road test can saye you money And the 
money you .. ve by ImancIn, throueh ",ur Credit Unton 
can ,Iso be realized on mob41e homes. travel trailers. 
trucks and campers on trucks when financed as 
part 01 the yehlCle. 
Coli today lor InlormatlOn about Credit Union Auto 
Flnanclnland our free loan protechon Insurance 

FRIDAY 
May 19 

UCSD Gym 

$2.50 Other College 
ADVANCE 

$3.00 General Ad. 
and other 
College at door 

T'CKETS A VA'LABLE 
Serving academiC and staff emplovees at UCSD La Jolla campus S 10 . Pt lorna and San YSidro Health CliniC AT UREY HALL BOX Off'CE 

EVENINGS THROUGH TUESD AY 

DIARY 0 .. A 
SCH IZOPHRENIC GIRL 

7:00 & 10:40 p.m. 
Itoly / 1968- Ntla Risi 

CLAUDE CHABROL'S 
LA FEMME 
INFIDELE 

8:55 pm- Franct / 1969 

MII ..... ..wJ 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459·7355 

.e., 

TWMsLOW 
YOUTH FARES TO EUROPE. 

Besides offering you 
these low airfares, 
TWA also offers you 
great departure and 
arrival flexibility. 

LONDON 
PARIS 
ROME 
ATHENS 

$352 
$362 
$341 
$428 

a night. No advance 
reservations needed. 

Or, if you want, 
there's our Bed 
and Breakfast 
Adventures.* You have a choice 

of coming or going 
from almost any city 
in the United States 
or Europe. 

FRANKFURT $370 These are a higher grade of reserved 
accommodations and 
range in price from 
$6 to $18 a day. 

ZURICH/ $370 GENEVA And to help you in 
Europe, TWA offers 
Stutelpass.* 

The fares shown are Los Angeles round tr ip Then to help you 
pay for your trip, 
there's our free 

Getaway Card.* With it, you can 
take up to two years to pay. 

departures. 
' Service marks owned exclusively by TWA. 

A coupon booklet 
that gets you a room and Conti-
nental breakfast in either a guest-
house or student hotel in any of 
50 European cities for only $4.80 

For more information call your 
travel agent or TWA, 

Page 8 Triton Times May 12, 1972 

Baseball closes 
Mark YoUlll 

The baseball leaSOR has finally come to an end, with the 
Tritons unfortunately losilll bo&h ends of a doublelleader to 
Biola last Saturday. The first game weat a total 0113 (a very 
unlucky number) innings as Biola prevailed 4-2. The aecond 
never got past sill inaings as the sun sank a little too fast in the 
west. Biola Blain came out on top, 4-1, as UCSD could only 
manage one hit on a bunt single by Curt Jenkins in the sixth. 

The first game seemed to have a surplus of hits (13) but a 
lack of runs !Z) . That's probably the reason the Tritons 
stranding 16 base-runners in the game. Notable performances 
were turned in by Curt (Mr. Everything), Jenkins (three for 
six), Chuck (The Arm) Ballde, and Dave Wright (three for 
seven). Oh, yess, there was Pete Yocky's double which drove 
in Bill Goddard in the fifth inning. 

As for the second game - well, not m!lch to say about a six-
inning one-hitter except..that things might have been a little 
different if the game had gone on a little longer. 

In all it seemed to be a very disappointing season for the 
team. The roster started out with well over 20 good ball players 
and ended up with 12 dedicated athletes. Some people have 
complained about the coaching , some about the lack of spirit 
and sportsmanship, and others about poor academic 
coordination with intercollegiate athletics . I suppose if you 
throw them all together and add a tough schedule you're just 
about ready for two alita-seltzers. 

So, here's a drink to the hard working souls who stuck it out 
for the whole season. And here's a double for coach Vitale, 
who's stuck with the situation. Maybe nexl season will be 
better, maybe the sun will shine again, and just maybe 
someone will put Humpty Dumpty together again. 

Batt", Statistics 
Name Yr. G AB R H ZB 3B HR kt. Avo 

Chuck Bahde 
Mike Brady 
John Clark 
Larry Garetto 
Bill Goddard 
Curtis Jenkins 
Guy Lowrey 
Randy Miller 
Jerry Pittman 
Dwight Sikes 
Pete Yocky 
Dave Wright 
Others 
Total 

Name 
John Clark 
Guy Lowrey 
Randy Miller 
PeteYocky 
Others 

So. 25 76 10 16 4 I 
Jr. 6 8 3 0 0 0 
Fr. 20 49 8 11 2 I 
Fr. S 6 1 0 0 0 
Fr. 11 30 1 10 I 0 
So. 24 82 18 23 1 4 
So. 10 21 I 2 0 0 
Fr. 20 60 7 18 I 0 
Jr . 23 74 14 20 0 2 
So. 19 54 4 9 0 0 
So. 25 81 6 16 4 0 
Sr. 21 75 8 19 I . 1 

100 10 18 1 
716 91 162 15 

PltcblaC Statistics 
Yr. G IP BB SO ER 
Fr. 9 41 25 23 25 
So. 4 11 8 4 15 
Fr. 12 72 22 60 . 19 
So. 8 54 20 45 17 

4 15 11 7 4 

Sat. May 13th 
A benefit for 

Religious Affairs 

0 
9 

0 .211 
0 .000 
0 .224 
0 .000 
0 .333 
1 .280 
0 .095 
I .300 
1 .261 
0 .167 
0 .198 
0 .253 
0 .180 
3 .226 

ERAW L 
5.47 2 3 
3.97 I 0 
2.35 2 8 
2.83 4 4 
2.40 1 0 

WILT 
I CHAMBERLAIN 

AND HIS 
BIG 

DIPPERS 
vs. 

s The S.D. ALL ST ADS ' 
IN A VOLLEYBAll MATCH 

fJrelimiflf,rJ (;"m(' 
TICKETS Bt LL Y'S \'S. M tt. VS 
suo UCSD S ...... n.. (G:r /'s Volleyball) 
S2.50 Gono,al Ad. 

"~I G_ St." 
... ;. 

UCSO G,.. 

TICKETS AVAllAilf AT UREY HAUIOX OffiCI' AT DOOR 

Is YOUR Auto Sick or Tired? 
Try 

JAMES AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE 
American and Foreign Cars 

Repairs and Pollution Control 
Student Discount 

1748 Hersch.I, La Jolla (in the r.ar) 459-1607 

UCSD's surf team surprised 
everyone by winning the 
Southern League surfing title 
over San Diego State. This 
qualifies our team for the 
intercollegiate championship 
to be held in Malibu this 
weekend, May 13 and 14. This 
means the team has made the 
big time, as it is rumored that 
the championship is to be 
filmed by Hal Jepson of ABC 
telev ision. 

The winner will be crowned 
champion of WISC - the 
Western Intercollegiate 
Surfing Council. There will be 
eigbt teams competing, the 
winner and second place teams 
of each of the four leagues. 

Parrish 
Coatillied from Pace 1 

invasion across national 
bounllarles. We have no legal 
or moral right to intervene in 
such a conflict. 

"Expansion of the war 
reveals the complete 
bankruptcy of the President'" 
Vietnamization program. The 
South Vietnamese government 
is incapable of defending itself 
with even one million men 
under arms and with the aid of 
massive Am~rican air support. 
The President therefore risks 
a major confrontation with the 
Soviet Union and China in order 
to salvage the corrupt. 
demoralized regime of General 
Thieu in the South. 

"This latest escalation will 
not end the civil war in 
Vietnam nor speed the release 
of American prisoners of war . 
It threatens. rather. to enlarge 
the conflict and to prolong the 
suffering of the POW·s .. . 

The Amazing 
Amalgated 
Amorphous 

is coming 

SPORTS 

Surf team rides 
past S.D. State 

There is a northern, central , 
southern, and j\Illior college 
league. Among this year's 
contenders are UCSB, Cal State 
Long Beach, Golden West JC, 
UCSD, and the second-place 
team of each league. 

UCSD will enter a l2-m3:! 
team in the competition. 
including Rus ty 
Preisendorfer, Gary Becker, 
Dan and Paul Bridgeman. Don 
McLeach, and Tim Lynch. to 
name a few of the' team's 
members. 

During the season 
competitions consisting of six 
heats were held with two men 
from each school in each heat. 
Team standings wer e 
deteimined on a point basis. 
with points being given for each 
place in the beat. The 
championship will be different 
though , with 12 heats, and the 
winners playing off. 

The Surf Club has changed its 
mind after toying with the idea 
of a Colorado River trip, and is 
now planning a trip to Mexico 

the weekend of May 20. 
Tentative location is San 
Miguel . The trip is open to 
anyone, who wants to have a 
good time , and according to 
Surf Club president Gary 
Becker, " If the trip is anything 
like last year's, it will be 
great. " 
The trip should provide quite 

a celebration for the victorious 
Surf Club and is likely to follow 
the pattern set by the previous 
trip held in February. For 
more information contact the 
physical education offices on 
the north side of the gym or call 
X-227S. The trip cannot be 
planned {or later in the year 
since a later weekend will 
come too close to finals . 

Tritons slip by SDCC, 
tie to Grossmont • gIve a 

Robert Van Valin 
The UCSD Tritons scored their record fifth 

victory of the spring season on Wednesday 
when they demolished San Diego City College 
3-2. This gives the Booters a 5-&-2 record with 
only one game left to play. 

Last Wednesday the Tritons blew their game 
with Grossmont, 2-2. Grossmont led 1-0 almost 
the entire game until UCSD was awarded a 
penalty kick. Jorge Rivas converted, and the 
game began to turn around. Then Jorge 
Guerrero scored what seemed to be the 
wiMing goal with just a couple of minutes to 
play. With only 40 seconds left in the match. 
the whole team committed a giant mental 
error , allowing the Griffins to escape with an 
undeserved tie. It was disgusting. 

SDCC scored the first goal of the game as 
the result of a mix-up in the Triton defense. 
Francisco Luna then scored for UCSD when he 
beat the SJ)!;C fullbacks and fired the ball past 
the onrushing goalkeeper. The first half ended 
in a 1-1 deadlock . 

UCSD really opened up in the second half. 
Left forward Carlos Robles handily scored the 
Kickers ' go-ahead goal on his head of a cross 
from right wing Tony Valladolid. UCSD then 
had two goals disallowed for various reasons. 
Robles scored the clincher. and SDCC 
managed another tally just before the game 
,ended. 

The Tritons are now in fourth or fifth place 
in the league, which is quite good. Since the 
new quarter began, UCSD is 5-2-2. ext 
Wednesday the team plays together for the 
last time when they go against Mesa College. 
at Mesa. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue..· Sal. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Wel(ome 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233·8328 

•................... ~ 
• Our Jllh year of : 
: LO" lOST HI(;IIT . I 
: fOf students. Examples: " 
.'0 ROME 5170.50 oW: 
: 10 LONDON $166.00 OW· 
: London-TEL AVIV 85.90 OW: 
" London-ATHENS 66.30 OW. 

:
" London-NAIR081 173.00 OW: 

H..I,,4s " "'1IIf. tIotts • 
" "4elti..m-. : i R..,st If" tIft" info • SIERRA TIlVn INC. • 
• (213)271·5200., 179-311\ : 
" tl7S S •• Mellie. 1.1 .. .,1, Nih" 
... • OM 

DR MICHAEl DEAN'S HYP· 
NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory (on · 
centro lion. Educa'iona l sug· 
gest ions, we ighl redu(Iion , 
s'op smok in g , reloxol ion, 
othle. ics, avoilable ot the 
UCSD Bookstore . Also Dr. 
Dean's book •. 
Why Do We Jump 10 Conclu· 
s/ons?, The Closed Mind, How 
to Lessen Misunders tandings, 
ond Understondlng ond 8e/n9 
U"derstood. 

.N._~ 

~!t1(1INtJ ffftRDW i 
CREDENTIAL REPRESENTATIVE 

will be avaHable 
'_IDAY~ MAY 18 

NATIVE AMERICAN ARTS 
7527 La Jolla Blvd. 459.9217J 

Turquoise jewelry-rugs-books-potter 
Baskets-clothing-art 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

to interview for career positions. 
* COMPLETE TIAIIIIIIfi -
* GUalAITEED STAITIIG SALAIY 

I * , EXGLUIT FRIIGE BEIEFITS FOI APPOINTMENT! CONTACT: CAIEEI flANNING OFFICE 112401 . 
May 12, 1972 Triton Times Page 9 

.. 



( 

IbIdent ..,uci .. tion? 
(3) How many minority 
candidates do you accuse 
WatIIJII 01 blockinc? 

IiviIrC up to the Lumumbl-
z. .. ta Demands. We uk you 
bow many wbites were 
iDYOIved tIleD, aDd in what 
capacity? Wbeu we loot at the 
Lumumba-Zapa,ta demands we 
see an unmistakable emphasis 
on minority peoples. That is 
what we would like to see 
,Third College abide by, its 
dedication to minorities. This 
means laking confidence out of 
the hands of incompetent 
faculty members and back into 
the hands of die belt quWied 

. IDH te lee 1'IIIri CeIIqe be 
wbat It ...... 111 N, Prov..a 
Wa .... 

Steering Committee ... I) Tbere must be a reaHirmatiOD ot tile collective 
aDd partlclptory trincipla on e .... 1 

'4:r1dh .... ,flO 
staff and 

administra ,ors , including 
Blacks. We find it an 
impossible t:lst to expect Black 
students to form a positive 
image of self, and learn to 
respect Black authority when 
they are forced to deal with 
whites on every level, incl~ding 
help with personal problems or 
concerns. This condition is no 
longer tolerable. 

Acnlltllu Clariflell 
Tbe Native Americans. 

Chicanos. Asian Americans. 
and Wbites in their press 
release of May 8. 1972 charge 
that Dr. Watson is responsible 
for " the creation of a conflict 
which takes up all our energies 
and diverts our a ttention from 
our educational activities." We 
waeld like te clarify '~Ir aeew., ..... Duringthe laslfew 
months Dr. Watson has been 
one of the main advocates of 
directing our energies toward 
the improvement of our own 
academic program . He alone 
has urged course groups to 
develop relevant courses and 
majors to meet the needs of 
minoritv students. It has 
consistently been the wWle 
faculty which has blocked this 
kind of necessary work . We 
would like to pose a few 
questions to the Tbird College 
(]) Think of a course where 
you had no input. and failed 
to learn anything. Who 
taught that course? 
(2 ) Is that same faculty 
member an advocate of 

(4) Ask some of your faculty 
members who are picketilll 
witb you wbo is blocking tbe 
appointment of the Native 
Americans in URS. And also 
ask those same faculty 
members who in URS is 
responsible for bringing out 
Native Americans for thP. 
CoIloquim Series this past 
quarter. 

Upon answering tbe above 
questiOns there IS onI y one 
conclusion to reacb. We bold 
the belief that these charges 
brought against the Provost 
were began ud perpetuted 
by a "~b 01 t.competeDt, 
laIaIidYe, ... Irrespoulllle 
fanlty memberl. The faculty 
members have proven to care 
nothing about minority 
education. They are simply 
seeking an opportunity to use 
Third College as a soap box for 
people to rhetorize and learn 
nothing tha t benefits tbe 
communities from which we 
come. These faculty members 
are advocates of student 
participation. We say that the . 
ghettos . barrios and 
reservations in this country 
cannot utilize people wi th 
degrees in participation. For 
that matter. there is no job 
anywbere in this country in 
participation. 

In conclusion. we would 
again like to express our firm 
belief that the charges of the 
Native Americans, Chicanos. 
Asian Americans and Whites 
are unfounded. They refer to 

... ' ....... ,..1 
uDdenniaed the fUDCtioni .. of 
the coli.. In the process he 
bas isolated bimself and 
individually tried to, take on a 
burden that can oaly be carried 
collectively . The result has 
been the failure to develop the 
kinds of prOlTams whicb fill 
our needs as Third World 
people, and tbe creation of a 
conflict whicb takes up all our 
energies and diverts our 
attention from our educational 
activities . Tbis situation burts 
everyone in the college. 

LEO 
944 GARNET, SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

GRIAT OlD MOVIES 
WTNIGHT _ ..... 3353 

BEAU GESTE (1939) 7:00 & 11:00 
Gary Cooper, Ray Milland 

nESTRY RIDES AGAIN 9:00 
Marlene Dietrich, James Stewart 

STARTS SAT. 5/13 
PICTURE 0/ DORIAN GREY 

George Sanders, Huro Hatfield 
DINNER AT 8 

Jean Harlow Wallace Beery 
9:00 & Mon.·Thurs. 7 & 9 Fri. & Sot. 7,9, 11:00 

SUNDAY MATINI13:00 & 5:00 Ive. 7& 9 Adm. $1.50 

our 
to 

• 

Olympia's hip full-color hip-pocket poster is a great way to 
show you're hip. 

Full size it rllt::lasurc:J 24 by 37 inches ... just perfect for covering large 
holes in dorm wall plaster. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- -- - - - -- -- - - - - -- -- - -, 

: PLEASE PR INT PLAINLY 

To get yours , I NAME ~~~lf~"'~'Nu..~m'~I--~(M~ld~dl~.Nlli.~m~.)--~IL~I'~'NU..~m.~I--~----
send $1 .00. MA ILING ADDR ESS 

~~~~~------~I~s,~,.7."~A~dd~re~ .. ~)--------

le"l) (5"", IZ'D COde) 
Enc(ose a check or money order made payable 10 OLYMPIA 
BREWING CO Cash can not be accepted Return Ihe com-
pleled form and check to The Gill Shop. OLYMPIA BREWING 

OlymPI. Br.wlng Comp.ny. Tu ...... ,er. Withlnglon 'Oly '8 CO. P. O. Box 947. Olympia. Wash,ngton 98507. UCSD-l 
,' ______ --------------------------- ._--- -

Page 10 Triton Times May 12,1972 

includiDl those who 
support Watson. still wbleb the college wal founded. 

the support of the college, 
Watson hils al~ incrcasill¥ly 
found bimself having to rely on 
the University administration 
for support. Part of the price 
we have had to pay for this is a 
re·tradltonalization of tbe 
college, both in governance and 
in the direction of the academic 
programs. 

~SeI.tiH 
Tbe solution we propose has 

three parts : 

2) We must bave a provost who 
will abide by these principles. 
and who will enthUSiastically 
and competently carry out the 
will of tbe college. 

3) With these first two things 
done. we must all get to work. 
and dedicate ourselves to 
bringing about a college which 
we will be proud to refer to as 
Lumumba-Zapata College. 

./ 

Cafet.eria 
Menu 

Beginning Monday 5/15 thru Friday 5/19, served at 
both Revelle and Muir Cafeterias. 

Complete lunch 95¢ 

May 15 
Pork Chow Mlln with ric. & 

Chow Mlln noocIllS 
Irish .... St.w with Duplillfs 
TISMd GrHn SIIH choie. of 
drlSslll9s Thousand Island, 

FrIflCII, 011 & Vinegar 
V .... abllS-c ... lc. of_ 

Blkld alnana Squ .. 11 Frlftch 
Fried SplnlCh with," & 

IIIcon 

May 16 
Cr.amld Cllicket! Shortclke 

Comblnltllll Mlxlcan 
Pllt_Tact, EnchU.dl, 

Rtfrlld allns, Spin Ish Rice, 
Ind SII5I SIUCl 

Tossld GrOIn iliad - c ... lc. 
of dr.ssillfs Fr.nch, 

Thoullnd Island, Oil-
VI ..... r 

V .... lblts-Mlxld 
VIOIllbles, N.w P.as Ind 

P.lrlonlons 

May 17 
tllllin Splght"1 wllh Milt 

Sauc. Ind Glrlic Toasl 
Curry of Lamb wllh Ric. Pillf 
Tossld ~r"n Sllld - c ... ice 
of dresSings Thousand I sllnd, 

Fr.nch 011 & Vinegar 
VIOIlables-c ... lc. of on. 
Corn IIUttcl with grOIn 
onions, aroccoli Spears 

May 18 
Mlilblil T.rlyaki with Rice 

Pilaf 
HoI Bttf Slndwlch with 

MlSh.d PotalNs 
Tossed GrOIn Salad - cllllie. 
01 drlSslllfs Thousandlsllnd, 

French, Oil & Vi""lr 
Vlllllables-choic. of one 

SIring allns. Butt.red Baby 
Carrols 

May 19 
Turkey Tetrazzini 

Fried aurritos with Chili Ind 
Shredded Cheese 

Toned Green Salad-choice 
of dressings Thousand Island. 

Fr.nch, Oil & Vinegar 
Vegetables-choice of one 

Buttered New Peas and Pearl 
Onions Lima Btlns with 

chopped ha'11 

St.amboat with Bord.rl.i" 
SIUC. 

Virginia alked Ham with 
airglrlde Sauc. 

•• "and Carved al R.Vllle 
only 

OY.n arown Pot.IOIS, 
C.nditcl SwHl Pot.tOls 
Till ablY, ala c.rt •• se 

TOIsld GrHn Salad-cllOlce 
of drelll"" Thousand Isllnd, 

Fr.ncll, 011 & Vlntgar 
V .... abllS-cllllc. If_ 
lutttrld P.as a c.rms, 

Cern III tilt CM 
CompItt. Dln_ 11.25 

a.rlltcUad Pork ChoPS wltll 
Appt.Sauc. 

.... Slroganoff wltll Iuff.red 
HOIdles 

Tilt aboy. al. carte .se 
TlSstd GrHn Salad-cholc. 

of clrllslngs Thousand Island, 
. French, 011 & VI"",ar 

VtgIIlbllS-cllolc. If _ 
CaulHlowtr willi elItISt 
nue., Butttrld WIIoI. 

C.rrots 
Compl ... Dinner S1.25 

Compl ... Gourmet Dlnn.r 
SUS 

H.arts of Romaine with 
Artichokes stufttcl with 

cr •• m clllt" & Vlnl ...... 
drllsing 

N.w York SI •• k wllh P.rsl.y 
Butt.rld PIIS Ind 

Mushrooms 
a.kld Pot.lo wllh Sour 

Cr •• m a Chlyes 

Hawail.n Clllcll.n with Rice 
Pil.f 

Th. above.la c.rt. 9se 
Tosstd Groen Sal.d-choiet 

of dressings Thou5lnd Island, 
French, 011 a VI"",ar 

VlllllbilS-cholce If on. 
lueclnl lIutI Spanish style 

P.II wilh ,",ushrooms 

Sluerbral.n wilh Plnclkes (Germln Style) Sluerbr.l.n 
sauce 

FrjICI VIII Cutl .. P.rmiglano 
. wlth Sp.ghttti Ind Melt 

Sauci 
Tilt above all carte .5c 

Tossed GrOIn S1lld-choice 
of dressings ThouSind Island 

Fr.n~h. Oil a Vln.glr 
-VtgttabllS-cholc. of one 
Broccoli with chOl" Sluee. 
SWett a SOur Red C.bbage 

Complete Dinn.r S1.2S 

ROlSt Sirloin of BMI wllh 
Yorkshire Puddillf .nd 

Mushrooms S.uee 
Grilild Filet" SlIt 

Plrsl.y Boilld Pot .... s 
Tllllbeve.11 cart. 9SC 

Tosstd Groen SIIId-cllOle. 
of drllslng, Thousand 111.nd, 

Fr.nch, 011 a VI"",ar 
V ..... blll-elloic. If_ 
Corn III till Cob, Butttrld 

Pu,aCar,", 

campuses ... 
eeMWI~ freaa Ne 1 

Later, at a demonstration at Santa 
Cruz Jail to release tbe 100 people, 35 
more people were arrested. A 
cpndleight m~rch was planned for 
Thur c:Asv.-vpnllW. 
UC Berkeley: Toni Martin. a staff 
writer for the Daily CalUonlu, &lid 
1M Trl... TImes about a noontime 
"Red Slar" rally where the students 
were given a tour illustrating all major 
cam ... s spots of war research. Tbe 
students, after an unsuccessful 
conference with Chancellor Bowker, 
where they demanded University 
adoption of tbe seven-point PRG 
program. students returned to 
people's Park and planted flowers . 
After tbe meeting with the Chancellor. 
students "trashed" the campus, 
overturning barrels of trasb left by the 
striking workers in Berkeley. So far, 76 
arrests have been made in the 
Berkeley demonstrations this past 
week. 
UC Dlvtl: After the Wednesday night 
shutdown of the Southern Pacific 
Railroad lines in Davis, a Thursday 
morning rally suggested that students 
"shut down tbe city of Davis ," 
according to the campus radio station 
KDVS. " Lots of things are going 
through people 's heads. we want to 
make this a community thing. get 
people in the community involved." a 
spokesman said. No further news has 
been heard from thc Davis campus. 

OM resol ution 
Del Mar City Council will hold a public hearing to discuss tbe 

anti-war resolution Monday, May 15. at 10 p.m. The resolution 
was presented to the council by Councilman Sheppard, and 
seconded by Councilman Silber. 

Tbe resolutions reads: 
WHEREAS, on June 21, 1971. this City Council did resolve to 

call upon our President to bring about the complete withdrawal 
of American Forces from Viet Nam ; 

WHEREAS, this City Council did resolve to call for a 
withdrawal by December 31,1971 ; 

WHEREAS, American Forces are still in Viet Nam and 

.. -. 

Horton 
plaza 

protest. .. 
eoDLiDued from Page 1 

bombardment by massive United States Naval and Air Forces 90 San Diego police officers 
bas caused the unnecessary loss of civilian lives ; and Charlene Amos, who has an 

WHEREAS, the continuance and air and naval reescalation artificial leg. Four arrests 
on tbe Vietnamese conflict by United States forces continues to dispersed the group on the 
be a drain on our resources, moral and economic, and freeway . clubbing several 
continues to divide our nation ; I . I d . I 

WE, THE CITY COUNCIL OF pEL MAR DO HEREBY peop e, IDC u ing one glr . 
RESOLVE: to call upon President Nixon : were made during this 

1. To immediately set a terminal date for the total dispersal. Those arres.ted 
withdrawal of United States troops , conditional only upon the were: Clayton Gossmeler. 
release of all Americal) prisoners of war ; John Thomas Lyons. Dean 

2. To halt all further military action by United States forces ; Richard Holden. and Gall 
3. To end all use of American resources to support the B~encowe . Th~y were charged 

existing Saigon government ; With obstructing the use of a 
4. To permit and encourage self-determination in the roadway. and all tlie ma~es 

resolution of all issues facing the people of Viet Nam. we~e . also charged With 
Councilman Sheppard stated, " Practically, this resolution if reslstmg arrest. 

passed will serve ~ legal function, but it will serve to fo~~ally The protestors regrouped on 
represent the feeling of Del Mar reSIdents about the war. the freewa y overpass and 

When asked if Sheppard thought the resolution would pass. he a hed back to th~ Cit 
replied " I don 't think it is a question of whether or not it will mAdre .. t t ' B ' ld ' Y 

• . fb h be ' t 'II " miDiS ra Ion UI Ing . pass. but .a .questlon 0 y w ~t num r I WI pass. followed by an unestimable 
PropositIOn 9 WIll also be discussed at8 p.m. number of uniformed and 
Tbe location is Del Mar City Hall. on 15th Street across from 'f ed r 

the post office. unum orm po Ice. 

"0lIl Here it is, the first of the 

When the result of the City resolution. 
Council vote concerning the . 
Anti-War I esolution was San Diego Police officers. 
announced, the protestors surrounded th.e flag pole and 
reacted by returning to Horton pu~ out the fl~e. Then they 
Plaza, where a Viet Cong flag raised. an American flag after 
was raised, and Maureen the VIet Cong flag had been 
O'Connor, City Councilwoman. lowered. 
was burned in effigy as a result By 5:30. nearly all of lhe 
of her "no" vote concerning the protestors had dispersed. 

LAST CHANCE 
Today, Friday May 12 

10%011 
Any merchandise in slore 

Excepl T .xtbooks 
or Tech. R .ftre nce 

PRIZE BICYCLE 
Drawing 

Today at 3 pm 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

$145::' ~~~r · sy~r~'~~-~o~at~~sr~ going to find out what an apartment shouid really be like ... tike fully built-in kitchens, terrific bedrooms, carpeting , drapes, and a private patiO outside your door. And , perhaps best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 

81111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111,,111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111" 1111111 C 

Where-Am -I-Going-To-
Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you 're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit toops. Is that what's troublIng you, Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE. 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place , it 'll cost you as little as $72.Sq a mon!h. 
The money you're paying for the dive you re 

living in now can buy you a lIttle more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience . 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools: 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie. around In the J~CUZZI 
until your body turns to jelly. It mIght even be ~ fne~dly 

game of pool in the biliiards room ... for pink slips . 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an even ing in the fires ide lounge. you 're 

IWOcan 
liVe 
as , 
cheaplY 
as 

e. 

So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one ... and after ali , 
aren 't two heads better than one? 

MEXICO 
Travel 'lMhile 

you. .-tudy 
&u.D1.~er 

••••••••• 

'lM'EEKS FOR. 
$485 

UNIVERSITY 

~ .......... OF l!II~~:~O CITY!:: 
• TransportatIon 
• Tuition 
• A ccommodations 

For :fu.r~he:.r i.n.fo. 
"llVri.~e o~ cal I : 
Tenochtit1Bn-MexicoTravel Agency 

f-oa"'r#' Box 26279 . L.A .. CAL 0026 
(213) '~7:6235 

.1111111111111 ..... 11111111111111111 .. 111111111111111111 ..... 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 •• 

.******.*-.* •• *--**-*.***_ •• -
.. .. 

~AS MOVIES l 
: friday nite : 
: Ci\TCB22 
.. 

.. 

.. 

7:30& 10:30 USB2722 SOC 
saturday nite 

LAST YEAR 
: In Marienbad 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

and ~YOJIMBO 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

7 & 10:30 USB 2122 $1 
AT THE COFFEE HUT 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. : . SPAGHEITI SPECIAL 
:'1.05 include alad & bread! 
.. . 
*****.*****.****.******._*** 

May 12,1972 Triton Times Page 11 

.. 

.. 



( 

~ ... --classifieds-------------........... 
travel services 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SPRING-SUMMER-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from Sl29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL-AFRICA-

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

9t h ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIPi 
JAPAN : FROM S3ot9 
ROUND -TRIP i CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (r) 
EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM S220 
ONE WAY FROM S135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irv ine, Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
I srael and Orient) (R ) 
30-day guided tour to Japan 
S775. Travel fees, lodging, 
mea ls. Call 453-2544, (5112) 

personal 
FREE U OF SAN DIEGO 
NEEDS TEACHERS . 
SHARE YOUR KNOW-
LEDGE OR SKILL. NO DE-
GREES REQUIRED. FOR 
JU L Y-SEPT . SESSION 
CALL BY MAY 26, 273-4925 
or 755-6175 (5112) 

Wanted: Nude Models for 
Photo F.m. No Exp Nee. 
S15/hr. Eve, Call 217-4966. 

"Survival Value of 
Selflshness" a discussion 
and interaction with T. 
Munson, M .D., friend of 
Fritz Perls and President of 
Gestalt Therapy I nstitute of 
San Diego. Interesting, 
stimulating, challenging of 
conventional ideas of 
personal growth. House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m., Sunday May 21st. 
Students S1.75, regular 
53.00. At the door . 

TEACHER OPENINGS 
Current listings of hundreds 
of California schools still 
seeking teachers, faculty, 
and staff in all fields . 
E I e men tar y s·c h 00 I s 
through colleges, $3. Calif . 
School Placement Bureau, 
1974 Thousand Oaks Blvd. 
Berkeley, Calif. 94706. 
(5/16) 
The student Publ ic Interest 
Research Group needs to be 
supported by a clear 
majority of UCSD students. 
Sign up now. (5112) 

Nude Photo Models (F) . No 
expo nec. Up to S25/hr. Good 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) 

ATTRACTIVE MODELS 
TOP PAY NAT. MAG. -
LEGITiMATE 444-1488. 
(5119) 

SERVICES 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Sat isfact ion is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND FOR-
EIGN CARS. REPAIRS 
AND POLLUTION CON-
TROL. STUDENT DIS-
COUNT 7748 HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (I N THE 
REAR) 459-9181 . 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

Typing . I BM Electric 
typewriter . Work 
guaranteed. 453-8148. (5112) 

for sale 
71 VW CAMPER HAS 
EVERYTHING PLUS 
EXTRAS 53500 OR OFFER 
2832688 (5/16) 
Small, like-new, Harley-
Davidson motorcycle. 
Licensed for streets. Only 
Sl65. 2n-3899 after 6 p.m . 
(5/12) 
DYNACO FM-3, PAT-4, and 
Stereo 120. Factory wired. 
A-I condition. S325453-6015. 
(5116) 

'68 Cortina 1600 GT, 
Michelins, AMPEX FM-
stereo cassette deck, B RG 
w/black interior, tinted 
glass, New clutch & smog 
pump, 22 m /gal, xlnt mech 
cond, xlnt int & ext, fun to 
drive! Sl100 or bst offer . 
Call me : 755-6836 (5/12) 
CASSETTES - new hi-
frequency series AMPEX 
C6O-36O, brand new, fact . 
sealed reg . S2.95, now only 
S1.50 ea ., deals on more 
than 10. DAVE 453-9049 
(5 /22) 

FOR SALE 7'6" surfboard 
Hlwall 22" wide flit 
bottom, S30 Eric, 755-3916 
(5-12-72) 

71 HONDA CB 3SO PERF 
COND459-5497 (5112) 

Plnasonic, Portable 
AC/DC. AM/FM 
Radio/record player. Still 
under guarantee. New 
needle. Perfect for beach. 
140 Contact I an, 302 
Galathea Hall, RC. (5/12) 

lost & found 
LOST AND FOU NO ADS IN 
THE TRITON TIMES ARE 
FREE 

Found : Sweater at Revelle 
Caf. after Friday's dance. 
Call 453-9160, Rick. (5112) 

LOST : Sun., May 7, Tan-
multi-colored female 
terrier mix in Pacific 
Beach. Weighs approx . 25 
Ibs. 272-9754. (5/ 16) 
LOST: source tape for 
music lC class, from HL 126 
or 134 on May 5. Important! 
Contact Marsha, Tioga E-
66, 453-0984 

REWARD for info on green 
Peugot 10-sp. stolen from 
Blake Hall May 1st. Lock 
cut with Bolt cutters. Call 
Eric 453-8613 or 272-5451. 
(5/12) 

LOST : blk purse Friday 
night. Revelle Cafe. 
Contains impt. ID's & 
glasses. No questions 287-
0709. (5112) 

advertisements for ourselves 

FOUND: sliver ring In gym 
parking lot over weekend. 
CIII SUsie 453-5267 

LOST: One lade & gold loop 
earring, MlY 3, between 
Muir's 20 and commons, or 
around dirt parking lot. 
REWARD. Mrs. D.O. Muth, 
454-4120. (5112) 

housing 
Asst. Prof. from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 

I need a place to live this 
summer, hopefully in Del 
Mar, Solana or La Jolla. 
Call me at 453-8136i Geoff 
Furman. 
Roommate needed for 
September own rm., ocn 
view. Prefer female. For 
more info contact Susan at 
Triton Times. 

Wanted: Room for summer 
Will take over payments for 
student returning in Fall. 
Call Lynn, 453-8566. (5112) 
4 students need house, apt. 
fall'72 near campus. Kathy, 
Nora 453-8479. (5112) 
Roomate needed. La Jolla 
Shores 8153 Camino del Oro. 
S67/mo. 454-2217. Spring 72. 
(5112) 
GOing to UC Santa Barbara 
next year & looking for 
rommate(s) to share a 
place in LV. Let's get 
together & discuss 
possibilities. Howard 453-
9044 F-72 Tioga. (5112) 

~-announcernents---------------------------~----.. ~ 
friday 

Performance of ROSES 
DON'T GROW HERE NO 
MORE, a play wr itten and 
directed by Tom McCorry, 

saturday 
Roses Don't Grow Here 
No More - 8 p.m. -
UCSD Theatre. 

sunday 
All women are inv ited to 
attend an open discussion 
and rreet ing of Women 's 
Libera; ion Front on campus 

be h .. ?ld thi s Sunday, May 
14, at 12:30 p.m. on the 
grassy area outsi de 201 Me. 
There "' il l be refreshments, 
discus ,ion, and geft i ng 
togethtr with I h~ women in 
our com munity . Br ing 
some hl ng feed , 

sugges ~ i ons for action, and 
ideas. 

monday 
Vietnam- History of a 
people and a war . Lecture 7-
10 p.m. in USB 2722. The 
community is the discussion 
section. Sponsored by Air 

Vote. All welcome. 

general 

San Diego presents the 
San Diego Community 
Choir in concert at Gompers 
Junior High School in San 
Diego. 

Take Hwy 5 south to 
Highway 94. .take 47th 
Street turnoff . Keep right 
until you reach school. 
Admission is S2.oo. 

Want to do something about 
the war? Get Air War Vote 
Petitions at : 
noontime tables on Revelle 

and Muir 
Blake 241 UCSD 

Earth-Song Bookstore in 
Del N-.ar 

For more information 
phone Barbara at 453-0889. 
AI R WAR PETITIONS 
MUST BE RETURNED BY 
MAY 16 FOR THIS FIRST 
DRIVE . 

Contrary to popular bel ief, 
UCSD does have an Archery 
range located about 2-300 
yards north of Muir parking 
lot just off North Torrey 
Pines Road. Equipment can 
be checked out at the cage 
in the gym. 

Page 12 Triton Times May 12, 1972 . 

The deadline for applying 
for the position of KSDT 
station manager for the 
year 1972-73 is 6 p.m., May 
18. Apply in writing to : John 
Clarke, KSDT Radio, 314 
Me. 

If you have questions about 
how to fill out the new 
AMCAS application, come 
to the Revelle Informal 
Lounge Saturday, May 20, 
9:30-11 :30 a.m., or Tuesday, 
May 30, 7-9 p.m. Bring the 

application, questions and if 
possible , copies of 
transcripts from al: 
colleges attended. Do not 
mail the application until 
AMCAS has received 
official transcripts from ail 
colleges including the 1972 
transcript from UCSD. If 
you have received ·the 
application from AMCAS, 
start now ordering 
transcripts from all school 
other than UCSD to be sent 
directly to AMCAS. 

Muir commuter lockers are 
still available from the Muir 
Dean's office. The lockers 
are Sl for Spring quarter . 

Graduating students or 
students who do not plan to 
attend UCSD for Fall 
quarter 1972, and who have 
outstanding NDEA, 
Educational Fee 
Deferment, Health 
Professions, Regents' or 
other type loans, should 
contact the Loan collection 
office, 204 Matthews 
campus, regarding an exit 
interview. Deferment of 
payment or partial 
cancellation of loans may 
be available to you . Find 
out by calling Jane 
Fitzgerald or Flo Rogers, 
X2616, for your exit 
interview apPointment. 

Muir College student 
graduation committee is in 
the process of collecting 
suggest ions from Muir 
College seniors for the 
senior class gift. 
We would like to announce 
that suggestions, along with 
Sl donation for the gift, will 
be collected in the office of 
the Muir College Dean. 

A duplicate bridge 
tournament will be held 
every Sunday at 7:30 in the 
South Dining HilI. In-
formation : aarry 453-0116. 

A list of Muir Seniors who 
have declared their 
candidacy for graduation 
for Spring or Summer 1972 
has been posted in the Muir 
Provost Office. 
.Please stop by the office as 
soon as possible to confirm 
your plans for graduation. 

SUl'."lmer housing is 
available for students 
attending the Muir Summer 
session, doing researen or 
working on campus. Some 
Muir apartments will also 
be available on a priority 
basis. The rates for this 
summer are as follows : 
Students who have resided 
in the Residence Halls 
since September 1971: 
Apartments : S2Inight 
Res. Halls : 1.50/night 
double; SUS/ night single 
Regular student rates for 
summer : 

Apartments : S3.50 / nig"t 
Residence Halls :S3/ night 
double; S3.25/night single 
Pick up your application in 
BLDG 206 Matthes campus 
~efore June 1. Call X 2625 
for further information. 

Senator McGovern needs 
both campus and precinct 
workers now. If you're 
interested ... call Hank 
St,lmln It 453-7393. 

National Black Sc 
Student Organizatio 
Meeting Tuesday, May 16 
6:30. 5005 Diane Avenue 
Clairemont . Any black 
students Interested in 
science-related projects are 
welcome. For further in-
formation contact X 2382 or 
Sheila at 292-7434. 

Performance of ROSES 
DON'T GROW HERE NO 
MORE, a play written and 
directed by Tom McCorry, 
dealing with the 1921 re-
volutionary war in Ireland. 
UCSD Theatre. 302 
Matthews, 8 p.m. Students 
Sl, General S2 . 
Reservations X 2491 . 

Jack Logan, graduate 
teaching fellow and 
doctoral candidate at 
UCSD will be trumpet 
soloist with the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra on 
Friday, May 12, and 
Saturday, May 13 in 
Sherwood Hall, 70 
Prospect Street La Joll 
Concert will begin at 8. 
p.m ., tickets Ire S2.50. 
Logan will perfor 
Shostakovlch's Plan 
Concerto No.1. 


