
150 March on' Chancellor's House 

Tom Haydel, f .... r QIcap 7 deI .... t, u 1Ie.,.u to. 
UCSD StwIelt. .. die Revelle· cafeteria WeUelUy "~t 
CODctr.lq die retelt bomblql" ~ Vielilm. 

PlIoto : Eal1en 

Volume 16, Number 10 

10hn MacGregor 

A meeting of 300 people in Revelle Cafeteria Wednesday 
nigbt resulted in a march on the Chancellor's house, Fonowing 
a speech by Tom Hayden, of the Chicago Seven, about ISO of 
those remaining in the audience agreed to march on the 
Chancellor's bouse to ask Dr. Mc~lroy to issue a public 
statement deploring the reescalation of the war in Vietnam, 

Chancellor McElroy, who has frequently made his 
disapproval of the war public information for five years, 
reaffirmed his stand against the war at the insistence of the, 
crowd. 

"I have deplored the war over the years, and I do not agree 
with the present reescalation of it, on both moral and political 
grounds", the Chancellor said, addressing the crowd which had 
gathered in his living room. 

When asked to endorse a student strike, Dr. McElroy 
responded by saying, " I do not back interference with the 
educational process. I don 't have the authority to endorse a 
strike, but I will, and always have, endorsed peaceful 
demonstrations." 

Dr, McElroy was asked if he would release a statement to 
the press in his official capacity as Chancellor of UCSD 
deploring the reescalation of the war. McElroy replied that he 
would. At this point one of the marchers, William Maltz, began 
questioning the Chancellor about secret war research at UCSD, 
Most of the other demonstrators agreed that these questions 

e 

1 
University of California, San Die90 

were inappropriate for the occasion and Maltz reluctantly 
stopped. 

After the Chancellor's reaffirmation of his stand against the 
war the demonstrators, many of whom were not UCSD 
students left peacefully. 

The march was preceded by a meeting in the Revelle 
Cafeteria, where about 300 people saw Tom Hayden 's slides of 
Vietnam showing what be called .. American Imperialist 
aggression against the people of Vietnam." 

Hayden was followed by Pam Williams of the Convention 
Coalition who spoke of organizing an " independent 
revolutionary unit that will respond every time Nixon drops a 
bomb." 

Speaking of the strategies of her revolution, Williams said, 
" We've been conditioned to believe in such things as free 
speech for all . But we 're right, so how can we allow people 
who advocate war and racism to spread their ideas? Thev have 
no right to free speech because they speak of war and 
imperialism. We've been conditioned to believe that violence is 
bad, we've got nothing to lose by using violent tactics, we've 
got nothing to lose but our humanity." 

It was at this point that Mark Stevens, a local movement 
leader, took the microphone and asked, " Where can we go 
from here, what can we do?" Stevens suggested a march to the 
Chancellor'S house and the crowd agreed. 

The march was peaceful and there were no arrests. 

Friday April 28, 1972 

UC Reacts to Viet Bombings 

( 

Tbe UCSD StadeDt HuItb Services OD Mattbew. Campal. Pboto : Eastern 

Birth Control Clinic Successful 
Hannah Cohen 

The UCSD birth control clinic has been in 
operation for three years now and Mrs. Rice. 
one of its organizers, says it has been very 
successful and has met with little opposition 
from the admini tration . 

The clinic utilizes the facilities of the 
Student Health Center , 302 Matthews Campus. 
It IS open two nights a week· from 5 to 10 p.m. 
on Mondays and Wednesdays. Appointments 
can be made during the day. Mrs. Rice says a 
third night of operation will soon be needed to 
meet the rismg demand for the clinic 's 
services. . 

In one night the clinic may handle up to 29 
girls, with only one doctor . The doctor is a 
gynocologist from the San Diego area and the 
clinic is also staffed by RN's and student 
volunteers. The student volunteers receive 
services from the clinic in return for donating 
their time. 
The prices the clinic charges for 

examinations. lab tests and birth control drugs 
and devices are about one-third the prices 
charged by doctors and pharmacies off 
campus. For example. it costs a girl $30 per 
year to be on the pill . This includes the pills 
which cost one dollar per month as well as her 
examinations and lab tests. The clinic's price 
for diaphragm usage is $11 per year. and is $17 
for the intrauterine device. The clinic also ha 
a good variety of birth control device for boys 
and ells them at cost. 

The clinic also suppJie abortion information 
and dispenses the morning-after pill This pill 
has been proven very effective If taken no 
more than 72 hours after intercourse. 

According to talislical data on abortions. 
pregnancies among unmarried girls on 
campus are more frequent this year . It can 
cost a girl anywhere from $350-$550 to have an 
abortion in San Diego but prices are lower in 
Lo Angeles. In Mexico prices run a high as 
$1200. 

If a girl comes in for abortion counseling, 
her parents are not contacted . It has been 
found that frequently parents are again t an 
abortion and encourage their daughter to have 
the child and to marry the baby 's father . 

Girls who receive abortion counseling are 
put into contact with the San Diego Adoption 
Agency . This usually tells the girl that she has 
three choices. She can either have the baby 
and put it up for adoption, or she can have it 
and keep it, or he can have an abortion. 

A most surprising statistic is that one out of 
20 girls becomes pregnant the first time 

she has intercourse. It is also surprising that 
many girls do not realize that they cannot be 
tested for pregnancy for at least 42 days after 
intercourse. 

Mrs . Rice says the VD rate has increased to 
epidemic proportions on the UCSD campus . 
Next year one out of 10, is expected to be 
infected by the disease. So far most VD cases 
have been caught early enough so a complete 
cure is possible. The disease is treated with 
penicillin and other drugs . The campus 
doctors are concerned with the resistance 
being built up , by the causation fa tor of the 
disease , to the drugs now bemg used for its 
treatment. 

Usually , the boy first uffers the symptoms 
of the disease, and he and his girl fflend will 
come into the center to be treated. One 
problem with the detection of the di ea e i 
the fact that a girl may be carrying the di ea 
but since she shows no symptoms she doe not 
know that she has It and could go on spreading 
it. The best protection against VD I the u e of 
birth control device during intercour e. 

Mrs. Rice would like to see more open 
meetings on birth control , but I very unhappy 
with the student . attitude. he said that uch 
meetings are rarely requested and when held 
are very sparsely attended. Yet, the rising 
pregnancy and VD rates show that student 
apathy on this is ue IS definitely in the wrong. 

Gregory Fletcher 
A national student strike 

called to protest the intensified 
bombings of North Vietnam 
has resulted in varying degrees 
of reaction by the UC 
campuses. 

friday , April 12, at UCLA, 
800 antiwar protesters, 
including approximately 200 
students from local high 
schools, attended an antiwar 
rally . After listening to 
speakers includ ing Anthony 
Russo, a Pentagon Papers 
defendant , the protesters 
marched to the administration 
building and presented Vice-
Chancellor Hobson a list of 
demands. 

Although refusing to 
eliminate the' ROTC program 
from UCLA, the administration 
did bow to student demands to 
cease purchasing burritos from 
Ramona Foods . Various 
student groups are still holding 
meetings to plan future action. 
A spokesman for the Indochina 
Crisis Coalition, one of the 
groups prominent in organizing 
anti-war activity, described the 
atmosphere surrounding the 
anti-war movement by saying, 
"It's been two years since 
anything has happened and a 
lot of people are working to get 
the movement going agam." 

A mass meeting in Santa 
Cruz was attended by 900 
students, who voted to initiate 
a non-coercive strike aimed at 
devoting energies to ending the 
war, and not preventir.g 
students from attending class. 
Although no chari matic 
leaders " have emerged, there 
has been much organizmg for 
what were called by a UCSC 
spokesman "constructive 
project ," including a drive for 
Vietnamese medical aid, which 
recently collected over $280. 
The strike was described by a 
staff member of the UC 
student newspaper as a " strike 
of convemence, II with student 
not attending select c1asse . 
Laurie Garrett , a 
spokeswoman for the UC 
Strike Center, was more 
optimistiC, saying that " this 
strike is different from pa t 

strikes. Instead of screaming 
'on strike,' everyone is working 
realistically for the first time." 
Future plans for anti-war 
activity include a march on 
Fort Ord and an attempt to 
shut down the base. 

At Santa Barbara a week-
long series of activities, 
including a candlelight march 
through Isla Vista , culminated 
'in what was termed a "soft 
strike" on Friday. Some 
students part icipated in 
guerrilla theater to 
demonstrate anti-war 
sentiments. During a com billed 
rally called by Third World and 
anti-war groups to protest the 

UCSB EOP program and the 
Indochina war, Chancellor 
Cheadle answered questions 
sbbmitted earlier in a questlon-
answer session that was 
deSCribed by one tudent a 
"nice polite nothing answers 
by a nice polite nothing man II 

Future plans for anti-war 
action include picketing 
against Vandenburg Air Force 
Base in Lompoc. Feeling 
shared by many concerning the 
student strike were summed up 
in a statement by a taff 
member of the DAILY NEXUS 
who said there has been much 
activity " ... but the war IS stili 
going on.'; 

Cruiser Service Extended 
At a meeting m Vice-Chancellor George Murphv ' office 

yesterday the Coast Crui er ral ed fare $05 to non-students. 
extended ervice to Leucadia. and eliminated the par elv 
populated noon run. The e actions. necessary becau e of lIlI 
inadequate revenue, cut operatIOnal co t to under 5 per 
day and, hopefully. when combmed With a furlh r publlcltv 
blitz. will ral Income to match. DUring th la t three week 
average dally in orne has rI en from about 13 to 19 last we k 
and now nearl:v $21 0 far this week 

Mark Smith. Pre Ident of Olver Itv-eOa t Tran It \. tern, 
stated. " It now eem almo t certam' thaI we Will be able to 
bring the operation to a break ven level b fore th end of th 
quarter. We are gammg the momentum nece sary to u tam 
th operation dUring the umm r on a limited ba I. and have 
an on-going project for next year .. 

Dean Murph. pomted out that lh only major problem IS 
capital outla:v. " If we have a major breakdown now we 're 

unk ." he stated "The CrUi r' . back-'J p 'ubsldv mone\' I now 
r ut to under 600. as a re ult of the expen'l\, tran. mk Ion 
repair' which totaled 1300 L l' cro~s our fmger. for good 
luck." he flnall:v add d 

Corrun 'loner. noted that 
ncrea 109 • W now 

Mike PaJclc hould than Dimen ion for their 
hand 'ln bUlldlOg th rul r Without th Ir g n rous publl '11\ 
w would really be 10 troubl .. 



Dogs Banned On Beaches 
San Diego dog owners were laid low Tuesday by the City 

Council when the council adopted a resolution directing the city 
attorney to prepare an ordinance which if passed would ban all 
dogs, leashed or unleashed, from city beaches all year between 
the hours of 9 a,m, and 6 p,m, The resolution was one of four 
proposed ; the others included a total ban on dogs ; a total ban 
between Memorial Day and Labor Day ; and a total ban except 
on undeveloped sections of Fiesta Island, 

The resolution was passed by 7-2 vote with the dissenting 
members being Gil Johnson and Jim Bates, The portion of the 
council meeting concerning the dog ban resolution saw the 
council chambers crowded with hopeful dog owners, The city 
attorney will now prepare an ordinance to the effect of the 
resolution and it must be placed on the city council docket and 
passed again , Dog owners still have a very small chance of 
exerting pressure on the council members and possibly making 
them change their minds , 

Muir Parents Weekend 
The Muir College Parents Weekend will be held this Friday 

and Saturday on campus, This is an opportunity for parents of 
Muir students to visit the campus as well as attend a number of 
special events, including some sponsored by the Cultural 
Traditions and the Chinese Studies programs. Some of the 
events scheduled for Friday and Saturday are : 
Fn?ay 2 p, m, Informal Parents Discussions with provost, 
assistant provost, deans, and students in 2A·2402, 
Friday 5~ : 3O p,m, Parents Committee and Provost's 
Reception for Muir parents, 
Friday 7:45 p,m, Rehears;;1 of play "Roses Don 't Grow Here 
No More"-UCSD Theatre, 
Friday 8 p,m. Lecture by Professor C, K. Yang, "Society in 
Modern China" to be held in 20 2250, 
Saturday 10 a.m, Panel discussion with provost and professors 
(chancellor will make introductory remarks,) This will be held 
in 2D-2250.Saturday 8 p,m, Chinese opera performance 
presented by the Chinese Opera Club of Los Angeles in 20-2250, 
Fnday and Saturday · Oriental Art Exhibit in 408 MC hours lO-
S April 28, 29 & 30. ' 
Friday 10 a.m.·p,m, Student conducted campus tours leaving 
from provost 's conference room (2D-2148,) 

Summer School at Mesa 
Applications for summer school attendance at San Diego 

Mesa College may be filed during the month of May. Classes 
begin on June 12, and the cutoff date for applying is June 5, 
Applications for the second session, which starts on July 24 , 
can be filed during June with a July 17 shutoff, 

For further information about summer school at Mesa 
College, phone 279-2300 and ask to speak to someone in the 
Dean of Students Office. 

New Draft Procedure 
The Selective Service System announced today new 

registration procedures for the draft. Under the new 
provisions, a registrant must register with a draft board or a 
draft registrar within the period 30 days before to 30 days after 
his 18th birthday, He must bring some official type of 
identification with him when he registers , such as his birth 
certificate, Social Security card , driver 's license, school or 
college activity card , or a credit card. 

The new registration procedures are designed to make 
registration more registrant'oriented and draft board 
operations more streamlined . Registration will consist of 
filling out a registration card, Additionally. a new registration 
questlJnnaire also must be filled out. although the registrant 
can il ke the questionnaire with him. or it may be mailed to 
him lie must return it within 10 days . 

Sexual Attit.udes Examined 
Soc ety's changing attitudes regarding sexuality will be 

exam {led by speakers in a University of California Extension 
sernilm' which begins May 5, 

" Exploring Adult Sexuality" is the tttle of the program 
which Will be held on consecutive weekends in Room 2100. 
Basic Science Building . School of Medicine. on the UCSD 
campus. 

Psychologist Lawrence Solomon of USIU will coordinate the 
seminar. which will meet from 7 to 10 p.m. on Friday. May 5. 
and from 9 a.m, to 4 p.m, Saturday. May 6. 

The sem10ar will conclude with meetings the same hours on 
Friday . May 12 and Saturday. May 13, 

Enrollment information On the seminar may be obtained by 
calling University Extension offices at 453-2000. ext. 2001. 

Page 2 Triton Times April 28, 1972 

PIRG Petition drive 
to begin Monday 

Riele Drom 
Monday, May I, is the first day of the month and tbe first day 

of a petitioning drive for UCSD to support a Public Interest 
Research Group, 'Ibough not everyone knows about this group 
now, before the drive is over this will not be a problem. For the 
petition drive will serve a dual purpose : to inform students on 
a one-lcHlne basis about PIRG, and to enlist their support. 

On Wednesday a meeting was held in the headquarters of the 
PlRG drive, the "fish bowl" on Muir campus. Lance Muller, , 
acting regional coordinator, explained the purpose of the 
group at that meeting. ...-'" 

He told those present that in order for students to effectively Orpab.en tI UCSD·. PIRG 'rom left 10 rilllt- Steve Bnllt 
combat environmental 'and social problems which they face, Rkk On_. Grq Fletelller. Jim Old •• Laaee Miller, Ll8d~ 
they must organize. The resources and efforts of students must Bee ...... Leo ea..... PlIoIo: Ea.ten 
be pooled together in order to be most effective. An on-going time problems. These individuals would donate time and 
organization is thus needed for students to work together en energy to such a cause but would also need a reliable source of 
common problems. income for their families , 

The key concept is that a majority of the students will decide Thus the only practical way to assure the success of the 
what problems they want to work on - indeed , if the group group would be to simply assess each member a small fee U1 
should exist on campus or not. . per quarter) . But what if they didn 't want to pay? 

An organization like PIRG needs three things, according to "REFUND THEIR FEE IF NOT SATISFIED" 
Muller. It needs research workers, a staff for coordination of The only fair way to work such a fee would be to make it 
efforts and resources, and a stable source of funds , strictly voluntary. 

When the source of funding was first brought up, the question An inherent advantage of this system is that PIRG will be 
was thoroughly researcbed and analyzed by such people as aware of the amount of support for its programs each year, 
Nader 's Raiders, They discussed such means as fund-raising They would know exactly how effectively they were operating, 
events, donations, and a central collection system, It was It would not be like our present Associated Students. If 
decided that the first two were unreliable. students didn't like what the group was doing they would not 

If a group was to really make a contribution to big problems need a referendum .. , they could just get their money back , 
like pollution or discrimination it needed the help of not only In fact , to make doubly sure that there was a majority of 
students, but trained professionals : lawyers , engineers, student support at all times for the group, an automatic 
scientists. These people could work full·time against these full- CODU •• ed OD pale 6 

Tuition Bills Pass Assembly Committee 
John MacGregor , 

On Tuesday two bills sponsored by 
Ken Meade, the state assembly 
representative from Berkeley's 16th 
District, passed the Assembly 
Education Committee. 

The first bill, AB337 , "allows a wife 
for purposes of payment of admission 
fees, tuition, or any other fee to 
establish her residency irrespective of 
that of her husband." Presently a 
woman loses her residence status 
when she marries a non·resident 
husband. 

In support of AB337, Meade says 
"fees charged to non· resident students 
are prohibitively expensive and can 
discourage a married woman from 
finishing her education . This 
legislation will provide relief for those 
who are being penalized simply 
because of their sex ." 

The second bill, ACA 56, is a the ,ISO million surplus from the 
constitutional amendment which California withholding tax. 
"prohibits charging any resident of Since summer school and extension 
California any tuition or other fee for classes are conducted solely on the 
instruction or building maintenance basis of the fees they generate they 
purposes at a community college, state would have to be suspended. Meade 
college, or at the University of has indicated that he will introduce 
California ," appropriate amendments in order to 

Accordin,g to M~~de , ':The total exempt these areas from coverage 
amount raised by tUition Will operate under the bill , 
the Unive~sity for about two days a Both bills have passed the Education 
year. It IS false economy to have Committee and will now go to the 
tuition charges so high as to prevent assembly. The amendment (ACA56 ) 
our citizens from continuing their will require 213 approval from both 
education as far as their abilities will houses. If it passes both houses it will 
carry them." be put on the November ballot for the 

The total budget for the 1971-72 voters to ratify. 
school year is $1 billion. Only $30 The UC student lobby has endorsed 
million of this is raised from tuition , both pieces of legislation and 
The UC student lobby has proposed encourages students to write letters of 
that the $30 million lost in abolishing support to their state senators and 
tuition be replaced by taking part of assemblymen. 

CCC Conference Spotlights Apologetics 
. Chuck Graham just as important as the belief one can " prove, beyond the " ' . 

Fifteen UCSD students were it:.elf. Without an object, faith shadow of a doubt, the deity To say that the Bible IS 
among over 800 from all over is valueless ," And the object of and resurrection of Jesus untrus~worthy ,because of 
Sputhern California who a Christian's faith , quickly Christ. " e.rrors In tra~sla.tlOn or a great 
attended a "Spring Student concluded McDowell , is the McDowell stated that the time separation. IS to c~stdoubt 
Mobilization Conference" ,at person of Jesus Christ. reason many people find it on ~II ,the,~lasslcal wrlt10gs of 

Arrowh~ad Springs, Cahforma, His next two points difficult to accept the claims of ~nttqulty, M~Dowell stated. 
tnternaltonal headquarters of concerned the writers of the Christ is their own will . ,- an Hundreds .. - 10 many cases 
Campus Crusade for Christ, New Testament. "New unwillingness to believe , One over a thous~nd .. - years 
April 14-16, Testament writers either aspect of this is, he said, :parate the ttmes m~ny 

Featured speaker at the wrote as eyewitnesses or ignorance .. -o ften self- uthors wrote and the earltest 
conference was Jo s h recorded eyewitness imposed . "People like nothing extant manuscrtpts we 
McDowell , ,, " traveling testimony," he noted , citing better than to build up their have .. - and you can often 
representative of Campus numerous Bible verses for own straw men of what they count these manuscrtpts on the 
Crusade , who has spoken to clarification , " They also think Christianity is, and then f1ng~rs of one hand. Yet, the 
thousands of students all over a p pea led tot h e i r tear them ' down." Another earltest ~xtant New Testament 
the world . His presentation listeners .. - making no aspect of this is pride and a ma~uscrlpts are from the 
was entttled , "Chri~~ianity : distinction between moral problem .. -':people Third. and Fourth 
Hope or History? . and s y m path i z e r sand don 't like to admit thalthey 're Centurles .. :-and thousands o~ 
concerned Itself With Chnsttan enemies ., - for their sinners. them remam , Nowhere else IS 

apolot!~tics . "Christians should knowledge of the facts, Look at "The first thing a skeptic ~~ tll~e, mterval bet~een 
know, declared McDowell , Paul before Festus and must explain away " according poslhon and earhest 
"why they beli~ve , " The Agrippa in Acts 26, You've got to McDowell, " is the reliability manuscripts so sho~t,.?r do so 
conference was billed as a to be awfully sure of yourself to and accuracy of the Bible, ,-a many of them remain. 
:'prelude to EXPLO '72," the do that " book which , although written Mc~owell also noted , 
In te rna t Ion a 1st u den t PRECONCEIVED BIASES over a period of 1600 years and speak10g on the mternal and 
conf~rence , on evangelism DISCOURAGED 60 generations by 40 different external eVidence, that New 
com 109 up In Dallas, June 12- Finally, McDowell cautioned authors under strikingly Testament Wrtters even 
17, , against preconceived biases in different circumstances, is aPJlealed .to the knowledge of 

While ~he major part of the study of the historicity of absolutely consistent in every their Crtlt~s and enemies for 
McDowell .s talk (which was Christianity. " If we have a way, and presents one corroboration of th~lr state· 
accompamed and expanded philosophical presupposition unfolding story," He noted that men.ts, and that 10 many 
upon by a completely against the supernatural. ,- for "the Bible is the only book that outSide ~urces can be. found 
documented syllabus) was i'nstance, against the speaks of both the unknown and conflrmalton for the eXistence 
devoted to "Nine Reasons for Resurrection .. _ we 're com- the already known with equal of Jesus., . 
Christianity's Intellectual milling the grave historical authority," The, ltfe and claims (and 
Feasibility," he prefaced hi s e r ro r of co ns t r uc tin g THREE HISTORICAL TESTS espeCially t.he Resurreclton ) of 
remarks with " five basics for . Jesus Chnst must also be 
apologetics" which he noted a closed system about ,He pOinted out . three explained away by skeptiCS, 
ho Id " 'd thO k: h ' ourselves and letting it color different tests tq establtsh the McDowell declared "Jesus s u gUI e 10 Ing on w at 0 . dg t H' to ' h' to , ·t f the B'bl . ' follows ," ur jU men . IS ry IS a IS. rtCI yo Ie , .- tests claimed to be God , .-that was 
Going over the first two of knowledge of the past based WhiCh , ~ declared , ref~te t~e why the Jews wanted to stone 

these points, McDowell pointed upon testimony : we must contention that the Bible IS Him , If we put this aside and 
out that " the Christian faith is objectively determine the untrust'!orthy due to errors 10 consider Jesus as just a man, 

. t II' t nd b" accuracy of the sources. and translation and vast removal In we are faced with two 
an In e Igen a 0 jectlve, not remember that, to the critical time from the events recorded . 
a blind and subjective one .. - it historian , nothin.. is These w the b'br h' i alternatives. Either Jesus 
requires no sacrifice of the .. te t nderethe il .~otIral~ Icnda knew very wel~ He wasn't God 
intellect. What you believe is surprising," Through this ~a a I ide nte",mtsa a and was a deliberate liar; or 

approach, McDowell declared , ex""rna - ev nee s . e.t.Hd 011 pace I 

Words: Blues and 
Two-sided affair 

War 0 t e Roses 
" Roses Don't Grow Here No More," a two-act, tragi-comedy 

dealing with the 1921 revolutionary war in Ireland, is scheduled 
for six performances in the new theatre on Matthews campus 

The play, written and directed by Tom McCorry, lecturer in 
drama at UCSD, opens Thursday, May 4, and continues May 5, 

Tom Lindberg 6, 11, 12 and 13. All performances hegin at8 pm. Sealtng IS $2 
the blues is a double· sided affair , each approach for general admission and $I for students. 

a different interpretation of the same weighty Seating for each performance is limited to only 155 seats and 
emotion. Bill Withers and Merry Clayton performed at UCSD reservations are recommended. Tickets may be purchased or 
last Friday evening in what was billed as a double jazz concert, reserved at the UCSD Theatre or at the Urey Hall Box Office 

these two rising stars presented clearly that the blues does on Revelle. 
indeed cover much musical ground. "Roses Don't Grow Here No More" concerns a small band of 

Emerging from the background of such institutions as Joe Irish Republican Army members and their American leader 
.",""""". and the Stones, Merry Clayton has lately established who are hiding out from Bntish soldiers du rt ng the 

herself as a powerful lady of the blues. laying down a hard . at revolutionary war in 1921. The band has taken part in an 
times violent, sound that demands attention: and she requil es unsuccessful raid against a Brttish mstallatlOn and the 
of her listeners a certain submittal to her forceful beat. She bravado, camaraderie and love of country wh ich held them 
shouts her feelings, moving aggressively with her band . helped together are beginning to dismtegrate The true reasons for 
by the driving saxophone of Curtis Mayfield, bending with eyes their involvement begin to surface. 
closed and face twisted in the struggle to beam outward her " This is an 'anti·hero ' play," McCorry said . "There are no 
joyous , r2UCOUS pain. Her set advanced quickly through heroes among the SIX characters. they all reveal flaws when 
contempOrary rocking blues, and she works well within this things are desperate . But, they each also reveal redeeming 
stable structure, covering "Suspicious Lies " with a features. 
determination Elvis himself waltzed around. and giving new " The closest thing to a hero IS RIOrdan, the American, who IS 
life to Neil Young 's "Southern Man," Her voice is alive , but really what you would call a sacrificial hero." McCorry said. 
her style remains closed within existing standards and thi s "No matter what he does he seems doomed, This has been the 
reiteration works against her on stage, pattern of his entire life. but 10 the end it IS hi s actions tha t let 

Bill Withers followed the bashing sound' of Merry Clayton you believe the rest of the group might' come off all nght." he 
with a sublime quiet far more startling than her volume, said. 
playing the other, contemplative side of the blues. He McCorry, who wrote the play in 1968 as a master 's theSIS at 
represents the dream-come.true of every music lover who San Diego State College, said he got the idea for the last scene 
secretly longs to create his own sounds from the toe-tapping first and then the rest of the ideas began flooding in . 
and lyrical improvisations aroused by a favorite tune. He is a " Ideas come to me so fast that I take them down in 
common man in the very complicated sense of the word. living shorthand," McCorry said. " I finally read the shorthand, make 
an average life beginning in Slab Fork , West Virginia and changes, make a rough typing. make more changes. and then 
working through a well·travelled nine.year stay in the service make a final typed copy with still more changes, 
and honest labor within the chao of the military-industrial " We are even making changes while in rehearsal ," McCorry 
complex, said, The play was presented at San Diego State in 1968 and was 

Music is, for the common man, an escape. not so much from the first play to be granted an extended run in the theatre 
a strenuous daily existence which really isn't so bad , but more there, 
an escape to a thoughtful, visionary. and soul.soothing melodic " Several people have suggested that I update the play to 
consciousness , The mundane world floats painlessly into the coincide with what is going on in Ireland today ," McCorry said . 
background and values are only a matter of what sounds good. r------------------------, " But, I really believe that it is more relevent today than when I 
Bill Withers performs as a common man ; he has his own Po S S l' b 1'11· t I' e S wrote it. It involves a situation that has existed in that part of 
passions. his own images of liff , and wbistling a familiar tune the world for many, many years. 
cannot supply enough energy to give proper coloring to his "The play doesn't set up the British or the Irish as the 
images. His music is the positive result of his need to take an P k' 0 . villain," he said , " It is really about people as opposed to issues. 

e lng pera lies Comparative Literature at The 'Issues have always been A ere caused by the people " he active role in music , and he declares confidently what most In • , 
music collectors only wish. Two tradi tional Peking UCSD, spent more than a said, " It shows the brutality that basically good men can 

Operas will be performed at month arranging to bring the develop toward others." 

" ... Bill Withers followed the 
bashing sound of M err\' Clayton 
with a sublime quiet far more 
startling than he'r volume.,. 

the University of California , more than 30 works of art to the McCorry was born in England of Irish parents , He graduated 
San Diego by the Chinese San Diego campus. Dr. Yip , a from San DIego State College with a Masters degree in drama 
Opera Club of Los Angeles , noted Chinese scholar and poet, in 1969 after working for eight years in business management 
Saturday, April 29, as part of has been closely associated with the Ford Motor Company in Los Angeles. He has been 
the UCSD Muir College with each of the artists in associated with the National Shakespearean Festival at the Old 
Parents ' Weekend. Taiwan and has been Globe Theatre for the past three seasons and has also worked 

The program will be personally acquainted with with tbe Association of Artists in New York City, He 
H' I II " I h I' I ' . introduced by Thomas Yang, most of them for over 10 years, the IS songs , near y a ong1Oa s, ave Itt e ltme vanation, ' f Several of the paintings have 

sticking closely to a firm, constant rhythm never far from his supervisor or the Los Angeles been exhibited in other parts of 
pulse rate, The group sat back on chairs. relaxed in the based opera club , 

Performances wI'll begl'n at the United States but this is the diffused lighting. thinking over the emotions pulled to the f' t t ' f th h 
f f 8'. 30 p,m,' I'n Room 2250 of the Irs Ime any 0 em ave sur ace a ter a long day. never shou ting. never running be h . th Sa D' 

Humanl' tl' es and SocI' al en sown 10 e n lego furious ly on the lead or attacking the drums. aly,ays a steady. 
even foundation from the bass , Withers plays an amateur Sciences Building on the Muir ar~~~ exhibition includes : 
acoustic . more a companion on stage than a demanding tooL Campus, F . t' b L ' Sh 

Th ' .. d h hI b b k The operas, "The Romance our pam lOgS y UI ou-e In trumentatlOn. carne more t an capa y ya ac - K b ' 1919 ' 
Of the Jade Bracelet," to be wan , orn In 10 up distinguished as ex·members of the Watts I03rd SI. Rhythm K t Ch' h h 

d BI B d ' II I n E h ' performed I'n Engll'sh , and wang ung, lOa, w 0 as an ues an . IS actua y near y super uous , ac tune IS a h d 30 h'" ' 
" The Encounter," to be a over one·man sows 10 sketch of Bill's life. a personal reaction or observation. H K th U 'ted St t 

k· I ' I f h h'ld bo t h' b th I f rwrformed in Chinese , will be ong ong, e nt a es, spea 109 pam y or 1m a a c I a u IS Igger an I e r - England, and Japan and who 
gramma. as a small time traveller about the deiusion of the staged with traditional Chinese was named best Chinese artist 
big city, and as a man about the suddenness of accepting a opera orchestra , costumes and 
lost love , make-up, "The Romance of the in the Expo 70 exhibition in 

Jade Bracele t" was translated Osaka, Japan : five paintings He enters with the dull. thumping beat, carefully picked b V L' bo . 1933 ' V' t 
h d d h' h d dId and adapted I'nto Engll'sh for y an au, rn 10 10 Ie c or s. an IS coarse. ar ene yet gent e. an very N h h h d 

I, , h' h d ' h hi ' I ' performance by LI'sa Lu , a am , w 0 as a one·man mascu me vOice w IC expan S Wit t e ynca progressIOn. h ' Sa ' T . 
d I ' f' ed . . " Th professl'onal actress who has sows 10 Igon , alwan, eve opmg a re m , mtrospecltve. movmg piece, e M 'I H K d 0 k 

lod ' . d ' h " II ' b h f k appeared I'n leadl'ng roles I'n am a, ong ong, an sa a me les are vane Wit onglna meso ut e never orsa es nd h ' E I nd 
h h h d bl ' ed h' I W d . both motl'on pl'ctures and a group sows 10 ng a , t e r yt m an ues tnat nurtur IS ta ent. or 5 aren t N Y k d K 
I televl'sl'on, ewor ,an orea , a ways necessary : he otten breaks into a gutteral scat·like Al f . t' b W ' 

t t ' It ' ' th h d f h" MI'ss Lu, who sl'ngs the part so, our pam Ings y UCIUS es Imony, at as expressmg WI t e pure soun 0 1S vOice W bo . 1936 
h h· b k Id 1 . H" d I I of the young mal'd I'n "The ong, rn 10 near w at IS ac ·up cou on y assIst. IS IS a eep y persona C Ch ' h h 

Romance of the Jade anton , Ina , w 0 as mu ie . coming from a keen center of perception within and h'b' ed ' H K B 'I 
k· , hi ' th' be t b h ha d Bracelet," grew up I'n Pekl'ng ex I It 10 ong ong, raZI , spea 109 out Wit a canty dt cannot me y t e r T ' Sa ' th U 'ted 

d .. bl f h . h and Shangha-I where she fl'rst alwan, Igon, e m riving ues 0 anot er man s catc y tune, Ph'l ' . 
W· h h' I' bl ' , , f I h R ' bo was taught the art of Chl'nese States, and the I Ipplnes ; It t IS very Istena e Juxtaposition 0 styes. t e atn w 

S I P od ' ff d ' bl I h h dl opera sl'ngl'ng , She attended the four paintings by Liu Kuo·sung, ou ruction came 0 a mira y. at oug to a sa y C 
d . d d ' od d b h k Unl'versl'ty of Hawal' I' and born in 1932 in Shantung, hina . un erSlze crow , Action was m erate y t e outspo en h h d 

R· k H C Lo Iff h I recel'ved further dramatl'c who as a over 15 one·man IC olmes of KB A in s Ange es. actory res sou h nd h 
b h d h I . h f h ' training at the Pasadena sows a many group sows rot er D.J . who right·one t e peop e ng tout 0 t elr ' T ' H K th 

II ' I ' . d Th 'd I t Playhouse. 10 alwan, ong ong, e co ectlvey grooving mm s, e consl erate peope a h United State$ , Japan , 
Rainbow Soul apparently felt the audience incapable of C inese Paints Germany, England. France. 
reacting on its own to the music. They did everything short of An outstanding exhibition of and Brazil. 
holding up applause signs in guaranteeing a rousing success. Chinese paintings. featuring Also, one painting by Liang ). 
running through a rehearsed encore with the band playing at so nine of the finest artists from fen , born in Taiwan, Chtna, in 
furious a take that no one could be at all sure if the crowd was contemporary Ch i na , is 1937, who has had exhibitions In 
even pleased , The feelings were goOd nonetheless. and once scheduled for a bri('f show1Og Taipei , Brazil and the United 
again the music world proved that evcryone's male·female Friday through Sunday, Aprtl St,ates : two paintings by Hung 

..... m_od_ e_1 c_a_n_n_e_v_er_b_e_t_oo_sta_b_le_,_e_ve_n_i_n_s_in.:.,lZ_in..:.:g_t_he_b_l_u_es_, __ -.l 28 through 30, at the Umversity Hsien, born in 1933 10 China , 
of California. San Diego. who has exhibited in the United POSSIBILITIES Dresser and his band,Pae.ma. 

According to sources 
A I ovda \. II e\ 'c/u \' questioned , Paeuma plays jazz, 

Hey there , ~usic lovers :.. and their instrumentation 
what!?! Next Monday is includes electric piano , 

Day .. , that's right folks , Dresser's acoustic bass, a 
1st! Now we just can't let guitar, and drums, The concert 
an important day go by will run until 1 p.m., and the 

soooo .. , there' s all·important sound will be 
be a concert out in the handled by Bill Blue and State 
at Revelle Collep on of Mind . This is another 

Day at noon none Shitfire Production, you 
bua whackos. 

The exhibition wa gathered States, Taipei , and Hong Kong; 
as part of the Chinese Arts four paintings by Chuang Che . 
Festival sponsored by UCSD's born 10 193410 Peking. Chma , 
Muir College in connection who has had exhibitions 10 
with the annual Muir Parent ' Brazil , France, Hong Kong, 
Weekend, It will be on display, Rome, and numerous one·man 
free to the public. from 10 a,m, shows in Taiwan and the United 
to ~ p.m. each day in the Music States. 
Gallery, Building 408 , Also, two paintings by Chen 
MattbewsCampus. T'illl·shih, born in 191& in 

Dr. Wal·LIm Yip, Assistant Fukien, China, who has had 
ProfeSlOf of CIIinele and Oftr 20 one-man shows in 

Pa l\larveltakes a from Payton Turpin in a scene 
from "Roses Don't Gro'A Here No l\Jore" 'A hich \\ ill he 
presenled by the Drama Department at the L nh ersil~' 
of California, San Diego l\la~' 4. 5, 6, 11 , 12, and 13 , 

IBILITIES 
Taiwan, the United States, the the twelft~ , century , 
Philippines, Japan, Italy, and Throug~out Chma s provinces 
Korea; and five paintings by and cilles a great vanety of 
Dennis Hwang, born in 1941 in pa,ger-cuts can be seen 
Hunan China who has had .l!;ach region ha Its own 
eXhibi'ts as~ociated with characteristic style. They arc 
leading graphic art sometl~es ~.alled "windo~ 
associations and also shows 10 flowers or happy flowers 
the _ United States and and are used during festivals to 
Germany decorate homes and publtc 

. . build lOgS Some paper-cuts Cu t J t 0 u t! have been used for embrOidery 
Chinese paper·cut pictures or lacquer-ware patterns. 

from the collection of M rand Th simplest paper·cut IS 
Mrs A, F, McAlh ter of PaCifiC mad by just cutting paper. 
Beach are on display here usually red , With cissor . 
through ApnL harp knives , gouges. and 

The paper·cut coU ctlon was punches. Color may be added 
started in Mexico before paper· after he cuttmg IS completed . 
cuts could be bought in the On display in the exhibit are 
Untted States, said Mrs monochrome theater rna k , 
McAllister, a senior in visual flower;, antmal . butterfltes, 
arts at UCSD. The exhibit IS and fig Jres from bUlldmg . 
located in the malO floor Cluster I Undergraduate 
displlly cases of the Cluster t Lit.ra J hvu. ~ fur \ .~ ":nR th 
Undergraduate Librar y, exhibit are Monday through 
Humanities·Library Bldg .. on Thursday, 8 a.m, to 11 pm. , 
the Revelle College campus. Friday, 8 a.m. to ) p.1l': 

P,per-cutting, a popular folk Saturday, 1-5 p.m., and Sunday, 
art the Chinese 2-11 .m. 

April 28, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



Seven years since 1965. Seven years of intellectuals dutifully 
enumerating the immoralities of the war, the financial wizards 
proving Vietnam is the source of this country's woes, the 
scientists bleakly informing the public of weaponry created, 
the historians recounting the date of French colonialism, 
Japanese invasion, and the rise of Ho Chi Minh. Seven years of 
peaceful and not so · peaceful demonstrations. Then, the 
intellectuals who fought against the war in its early days 
retired back into the woodwork. Personalities, aflame with hot 
rhetoric in the '60's, expended their energies before the 'war 
ended. and burned out in the '70's. Windin« down, 
withdrawing, Vietnamizing, plans, perhaps ... on April 22, the 
people IlUllcSenly found themselves with a cause worthy of 
taking into the streets. It was the same cause, to be sure, but it 

. 

............................... ~ .................................................... a.~. 
tbeIr ..... TIle wiile blid to tile lIbiDo, tM'landlclpped to ,. IIId me. Tbe, came to be led, to be moved. Tean ... 
the vilonia aad heiltby-limbed, the stunniDIlY beautiful to the I)'IDboliIed in tile cry "peace now" after tile moviDI .... by 
pititaDy bomely ... taptller they COIIIeIlteci to ,ive up. tlleir a war veteran paralyrecl from the neck down. • 
lndlvidulity and merp into a tbiek, lOUpy I11III. VariaUona ". stand here as III example of tile atrocity of the Wif," .. : 
became lea diltiDct IIId a Dice medium wu firmly saki. Tbe people apeed. 
eatablilbed. (Clyde's Electric, Lupe's FiDe Melican Food, "Ask yourwlves if for one more moment this inlanity eu 
KaiPt's ~ Columbus - One NaUoa ...... W, Goethe's continue. Is it not our solemn duty to ,0 into the streets .. 
Faust. Buddha's ~tures, the Marquis de SIde pl"elents .... ) slnat down everytbint until this war is over?"_ TIle people 

Sensational mediocrity. Hot snow. Delpite the cruel qreed. 
simplicity of the slogans, the haplward converging of the "Some of my brotbers bave no §,es, or no arms, or DO lip. 
people who came to express their renewed frustration, Tbey'D live tile rest of their Ii. in misery because ~ tile 
Vietnam ooce lIain assumed center state with aD its horrible war." The people .,reed. 
and crusbinc realities. But 0Da! initiated into the garden of Bobby Seale spoke. Anthony Russo lpOke. Dr. Ralpb 
phrases rich in symbolism, lacking in substance, the people Abernathy spoke. Suddenly, everyone realiJed that they were 
became gluttonous. A parable fromJ. D. Salinger: tired. Tbe people didn't llree as loud. Slowly they walked 

..... This is a perfect day for bananafisb." away from the rally and returned to their origins. On the late 
"idon'tseeuy," Sybil said. news tlley remembered those very words being spaken live, 
"That's understandable. Tbeir habits are very peculiar. They and the throbbing pulsations of the chants as they,_the people, 

lead a very trllic life. You know what ~y do, Sybil?" marcbed down the street. 
She sboot ber bead. . So much, yet 10 little bas happened since the first American 
"Well, they swim into a hole where there's lots of bananas. bomb was dropped. Numbed by perversity after atrocity after 

Tbey're very ordinary fish when they swim ... But once they cataclysmtic news break, the people reacted spontaneously by 
get in, they behave like pigs. Why, I've known some bananafish hittiJII the streets because they bad gone into the streets before • 
to swim into a banana hole and eat as many as seventy~ight and now it was time to go lIain. It was a basic reflex caused 
bananas. Naturally, after that they're so fat they can't get out and nurtured by the seeming ineffectiveness of a past fUIed 
of the hole again. Can't fit through the door." with those wbo sought to end the war through the system and 

"What happens to them?" those whose self-same attempts meant sacrificing blood and 
~ would have been sacriligious not to even attempt re-creating 

the emotional fervor emitted from previous marches. So, 
parading between towering cement on Wilshire Blvd. on a 
warm California day, they tried. The people tried. 

"WeD, I bate to tell you Sybil. They die." security. 
::Wby?" asked Sybil. , .." It wu pi~ul to see the peOple huddled together, ferocious in 

Well, they get banana fever, It sa ternble dIsease... their common abhorrence of the war bu~ not really conacious of 
It was a pe~ed day for ........ ld. . the fact that their rllings amounted to a mere squeak. As a 
Yes, the police were there. They greeted the people standIng mass, the people failed. Victory in Vietnam or victory 

• 

"Stop Nixon, the Mad Bomber!" bellowed an obese oldster in 
pink open-toed sandles. Her eloquence was duplicated for 25 
cents on the buttons she sold. The people, however, were not to 
be outdone. Tunefully, they chanted : 

in a straight line, cas.ually poised for confron~tion. The ~Ie anywhere else lies in the efforts of individuals as individuals, 
stared at them, hopIng that one of those big, bad, and dIrty not as individuals grouped together in a mass. Somethinc. 
radicals would do what they do on TV. Keeping a watchful eye intrinsic something important was lost wben people became • 
on both police and radicals, the people waited patiently for the ne Pee;le and they resorted to "right on's" instead of figbting : "One side right. One side wrong. Victory to the Viet Cong. " 

" 2-4+-8 Nixon Eats Shit! " elements to club. Thwarted. lIainst U.S. involvement in Vietnam in their own.' 
At MacArthur Park the revolutionary dialectics and shrill inimitable style. Yes, it will take a unique energy to stop the : Hey, bey B of A, how many kids did you kill today?" 

It was a perfect day for banana fish . litany of the New Left finaDy began. An ~x-scboolteacher madness of the government. It is a uniqueness that muit be • 
puffed up to the microphone and asked for contributions offered seplI'ately, forcefully, and at once. U the Nixon : "Drop Dick, not bombs! " 

" U you liked Hitler, you'll love Nixon! " 
"Peace now, peace now, peace now ... ! " 

towards ending the war. Collectively less receptive, the people administration insists on providing the inspiration for anti-war·. 
still cheered the individuals who gave from one to 1000 dollars. movements, it is a neccessity that those who oppose the war: 

A raised arm salute, clenched fists, the exterior motions of 
the revolution were readily adopted by the people. Young, 
odorless teens marched with the hardened, the hysterical, the 
religiously hysterical. Some came dressed in clothes 
conspicuously I. Magnin ("clothes for the energetic 
American" ) and others arrived wearing their own version of 
the much proverbialized blue jeans. And when they grew tired 
of slogans, they clapped (momentum, crescendo, peak, peak 
some more) until even tltey became amazed at the vulgarity of 

Free donuts and sandwiches were sponsored by the movement have more ingenuity and commit themselves more fully on the 
to prove that the people's donations were going for other basis of clear thinking than ever before. 
worthy causes as well. Representatives from "contingencies" F ElF FER 
spoke. "Power, more power to the people!" Passionate and 
violent words, uncompromising, desperate ... the speeches were 
well executed. The people listened to a member from Gay Lib 
remind them that the strength of the movement was in its 
diversity. Bu.t they did not come to be placated about social 
deviants and how they reaDy aren't deviants at all but just like 

Molly Selvin Rypinski. reasons : 
An Additional Dimension to DIMENSION 1 i 

I 
EDITOR'S NOTE : "The Story of a Another story, one which charged 1. It was neither sensitively written 
Fix : How the TRITON TIMES Shepard with using the Associated nor notably significant in view of the 

\ Suppressed News" was the headline. Students office and telephones to help circumstances. Shepard claimed he 
The story in the April 26 issue of him run his campaign for Del Mar City received only two telephone calls at t 
DIMENSION was about the alleged Council was not run. The basis for it the AS Office, which asked him about 
suppression of a story about how not running is part of what's called his Del Mar candidacy. Both of these 
former AS President and Del Mar City news judgment. he said were from TRITON TIMES 
Councilman Tom Shepard allegedly News judgment is that elusive reporters. 
used University facilities, specifically criteria the relative merits or 2. The facts did not warrant a blast 
the AS Office telephone, during his demerits of a given story. This at Shepard whose intentions were ~.~ 
campaign. The following attempts to includes often making very sensitive apparently innocent and whose mJT HAVf, 
add dimension to DIMENSION. decisions involving the careful analysis oversight honest. A mus.. 

\ In its coverage of the Del Mar of news stories for subtle biases. 3. The damage to Shepard by L 
councilman's race, the TRITON Another is measuring the possible publishing such a story would have 
TIMES printed two stories, lail news value gained by priMing a story, been far greater than any "truths" 
interview with Tom Shepard and a against the probable damage to revealed. . ' 
story featuring the other two personalities and reputations. The decision was made solely by the 
candidates, Kalph Staver and Dick . The story was not printed for these Editor-in-Chief and it is not regretted. _ 

. oer A 
INOCUf. 

\ 

••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~~~~~~~~~~~----~~~~~~~~ 

A NEW CABAREt OFFERING 
A SHOWCASE FOR SAN 
DIEGO TALENT ••• 
FOOD AND DRINK SERVED 
DAIl YFROM 11:00 am 
UNTIl 2:00 am. 

4970 VOlTAIRE OCEAN HACH 
(714) 223-9773 

ACADEMY AWARD 
WINNER 

Page 4 Triton Times April 28, 1972 

In ltereophonic lOund. 
apple pr.,.n" 

GEORGE HARRISON 
a nd friends in 

THE CONCERT FOR 
BANGLADESH 

THE NEW WAY TO LEARN 

FRENCH 
GERMAN 

SPANISH 
ENGLISH _ 

50% Discount 
to all coll.ge students 

291-9410 



ann uncements 
Public lecture by C.K. 
Yang, sponsored by 
Program In Chinese Studies 
& Muir Parent's Weekend 
changed from Art Gallery 
to 20 2250, • tonight. 
Science Fiction and 
Fantasy Club will meet 
today at 4 p.m. In lower 
Blake. 
Intermediate Photography, 
Winter quarter. Put up or 
pick up your final projects 
in Cluster library. Ask 
Margo. 
"Autobiographics" Photo-
graphy show. Intermediate 
Photography Class quarter. 

saturday 
Tennis club clinic from 9-11 
on Muir courts (4, 5, 6.) 
Open to club members only. 
Please bring membership 
card . For further info 
contact Rich at 755-6151. 

saturday 
Avalon Hill, S&T, 
Miniatures, and Diplomacy 
players are invited to attend 
UCI-UCSD Wargamlng 
Tournament, to be held 
today from noon till 
evening, in Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 

sunday 
A duplicate bridge 
tournament will be held 
tonight at 7: 30 in the south 
dining hall . Information-
Barry, 453-0886. 

For Israeli Independence, 
Jewish Students ' 
Association is showing the 
movie " Siege," considered 
the best movie to come out 
of Israel. The movie will be 
shown in USB 2722 at 8 p.m. 
Students SOC, non'students 
S1. 

monday 

Important Tennis Club 
meeting at 5 p.m. in PE 
classroom , Wi II be 
discussing plans for 
upcoming mixed doubles 
tournament and beach 
party. 

tuesday 

For all Black science 
students: Interested in 
sickle cell screening, 
testing for lead poisoning, 
helping others in science 
studies, and other projects? 
There will be a National 
Black Science Student 
Organization meeting today 
at 6:30 p.m., 4228 Moraga 
Ave ., Clairemont. For 
further information contact 
the NBSSO office (x2382) or 
Sheila Walker (272-0749.) 

general ATTENTION STUDENT LOAN BORROWERS: 
graduating students or 

The FIVE and DIME students who do not plan to 
coff"house needs people to return to UCSD for the Fall 
sign up for one-hour shifts 1972 quart.r beginning Sept. 
on any of the nights we are 11, 1972, and who have 
open. As you know, FIVE 0 u ts tan din g N 0 E A, 
and DIME Is entirely non- Educational Fee 
profit and is volunteer- 0 e fe r men t, H II I t h 
staffed. Come by any night Professions, Regents' or 
and sign up for some other type loans, should 
hours-you'll mHt some contact the Loan Collection 
nice people and be doing Office, 204 Matthews 
Muir College a lot of good. Campus, regarding an exit 
Muir commuter lockers are Interview. Deferment of 
stili available from theMuir payments and partial 
Dean's Office. The lockers cancellation of loans may 

PANIC CALL! Glv. an hour 
or more THIS WEEK 
ON LV to save the 
DECRIMINALIZE MAI<I-
JUANA POSSESSION 
INITIATIVE! Compare 
addresses on Signed 
petitions to precinct list. 
Come to BLAKE HALL 
CONFERENCE ROOM 
days, caf.terla wing 
evenings. Call 453-0119. 
Bring friends! MUST BE 
DONE B V MAY 1 to qualify 
Initiative. 

are Sl for Spring Quarter. be available to you. Find out International Club of UCSD 
Senator McGovern needs by calling Jane Fitzgerald announces a fund-raising-
both campus and preCinct or Flo Rogers, 2616, for your dinner to be held Saturday, 
workers now! If interested, exit interview appointment. May 6, 1972, at 6 p.m. at the 
call Hank Steiman at 453- I nternational Center, 
7393. Anyone who took the Law Matthews Campus. 
The Revelle Guest- I n- School Admission Test in Featuring an International 
Residence Committee is October or December phone cui sin e, Pol y n e s ian 
trying to plan a trip to the Dean Tom Hull, 2231, and dancers, music. Tickets-
Palomar Observatory for report your score. you single S7.SO, double 512.SO. 
Saturday, May 6. If about 35 need not give your name. Students can obtain tickets 
people are interested and The Pre-Law Club will use provided you cook a dish for 
willing to pay Sl / we will the scores to prepare a 15 people. All proceeds are 
rent a bus. Sign up in the statistical abstract of how tax-deductible. Call 1941, 
Revelle Resident Dean's UCSD students fared on I nternatlonal Center, for 

___ • class if i eds ______________ .Of.f.ic.e.be.fo.r.e.M.a.y.3. ___ .th.i.S t.e.st •. ______ .fu.r.th.e.r d.e.ta.i.ls. ___ _ 
lost & found 

LOST AND FOUND ADS IN 
THE TRITON TIMES ARE 
FREE. 

Found : Sweater at Revelle 
Caf. after Friday's dance. 
Call 453-9160, Rick. 

LOST-Norwegian Blk · 
hound (resembles 
Husky), Male, 3 months old, 
silvery gray, near Scripps 
Pier , collar·no tags . 
REWARD : 278-1125 or 454-
5706. (512) 

(5/2) Lost : M ixed Shep. pup, 6 
FOU ND : Green crochet ing mos. old . Brown with black 
on Muir. Call Larry at 453- marking. EI Cajon license 
8651. no. 6090. Reward . 442-5115. 

(5/ 2) (5/2) 
~ ................ ~ 
• PREPARATION FOR SUMMER • 

• LSAT • 
• • 
• GRE ATGSB • 
• NOW E ROLLI C • e . Prf>Odfalor tor t~sts rt'Qu 'fO ,(', l1am ,ulan 10 • 
• 

00\1 Q'ddualf" HhOOIS • 
• ') ). 'f":io\'on c..Our~e\ \ma Ift r qfOYP\ 

• 

• un,...., '('d 'aar I·~\on\ lor 'f'<l tw 
• (o~r\r 'I Alrr III con~ 'ar'll ly l.eGated • e · Hr .. ,·· .. 'l.dv''''''pr a l orf'oarfdb",,""p("'S nf'ac.r.',eIQ e 

• STAN"YH KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER Since 1938 • 

• I N S AN DIEGO AREA {711d 274-9630 • 
~ ................ ~ 

AS MOVIES 
friday nite 

TheOltL& 
The PUSSYCAT 

7:30 & 10:30 - USB 2722 - 50c 

satu rday nife 

LOlTES of a BLOl\TD 
and 

TIle PAM ATBROhEH 
7:00 & 10-:l0 - USB 2722 - $1.00 

AdvtJnce Ticke t s a t Urey Hall Box Office 

PLUS-
Entertainment both 

nites at theCOFFEE HtT 
$1.05 SPAGIIEffi SPEflAL 

includes 
salad & bread 

Page 8 Triton Times April 28, 1972 

housing 
Asst . Prof. from B.V.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Wr ite 
P.O. Box 531 Un iversity 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 

. SerVICeS 
WRITI NG CLINIC 
Readers are available to 
check your rough draft or 
help w ith any wr it ing 
problem you may have. 
FREE, call x2401. (T) 

Wanted : Nude Models for 
Photo Fem. No Exp Nec. 
S15/hr. Eve, Call 287-4966 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
T I RE D? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AM E R I CAN AND 
FORE IGN CARS . RE · 
PA IRS AND POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS· 
COUNT 7748 HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (IN T HE 
REAR ) 459-918 1. 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM- term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459-7355 

Nude Photo Models (F) . No JULY·SEPT. SESSION 
expo nec. Up to S25/ hr . Good CALL BY MAY 26, 273-4925 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) or 755-6175. 

DISTINCTIVE TY PING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828 

MCAT I DAT : Summer 
home study review and 
testing progrilm for the 
Medical l Dental Admission 
Tests . For information 
write : Graduate Studies 
Center, Box 386, New York, 
NY, 10011 

personal 
(5/2 ) 

EAR N 550 
Help me pass French 
competency test . 488-3227 
after 6 . 

( 512 ) 

Wanted : fem . stdt · summer 
& / or next yr.· 3 hr /day 
babysit for rm . and bd . Add . 
sitting paid . Location near 
campu~ 453-5998. 

(5/2 ) 

FREE U OF SAN DIEGO 
NEEDS TEACHERS . 
SHARE YOUR KNOW· 
LEDGE OR SK ILL. NO DE 
GREES REQUIRED. FOR 

-

(5112) 

for sale 
'68 Austin America- 38,000, 
needs engine and trans. 
work, new radials . S450, 755-
7604 . 
'71 Honda CB 350. 4000 
miles. Excellent condition, 
extras 755-8197 eves. 

(5 /2) 
SCUBA TANKS Twin '72 wI 
back pack J valve Wf 
reserve S125 4532613 

(5 /2) 
' 68 VW Ghia 4-spd . AM·FM 
Xlnt . cond o UCSD x-2563 
Days. 487-5037 eves . 

(4/28 ) 
Ex·motorcycle nut selling 
'67 Suzuki 250 X -6. Less 
Than 10,000 miles & still 
quick . S138. Call Bill 453-
4100, X 360 Daily. (4/28 ) 
FOR SALE· US Divers 3/8" 
Full Wet Suit wI inflatable 
vest & weights. Size small ; 
brand new cond o Call Ken, 
272-3962 or xl155. 

(4/28 ) 
'63 VW Bug· good condit ion, 
47,000, S500. Curt 755-6285 . 

.,"'''''''' iI"E"x'l'c'(j" " """""1 
Travel'Vllhil.e 

yo~ B-tudy: 
Bu~~er 

••••••••• 

~EEKS FOR 
$485 

UNIVERSITY 
OF M:EXICO CITY 

I N CLUDES 
- Transportation 
- Tuitio n 
- Accommodation s 

For :fu.r'ther in.:fo. 
1lIrri'te or c a.ll : 
Tenochtitlan ·Mex ico Travel Agen cy 
Box 26279, L .A , CAL. 0026 
(213) ~~7;6235 

travel 
World Cruise - Opening 
aboard Ketch for female 
crew member. Send brief 
resume : John Hocking, 1357 
-7 th Ave . San Diego 9210l. 

(4/28) 
EUROPE 1972 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
SPRING-SUMMER-FAll 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 5129 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

I nter·European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
Internalft,nal I.D. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND·TRIP; 
JAPAN : FROM S349 
ROUND · TRIP ; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (r ) 

EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM S220 ONE 
WAY FROM S135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 1~13 
QUEENSWREATH W).Y, 
Irv ine, Ca . 92664 (714 ) 833-
8060 ("Also Middle East, 
Israel and Or ient ) (R) 

COMMUNITY 8looD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues.· Sot. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

TIle uniCORn CInema 
IV.-os THIIOUGH TUISOAY 

AllI1ll11OWAWn 
SANJURO 

•. 40,... . _ .... / 1 .. 2 
A •• 01 --""w .......... "'s __ n 

DOUIU SUlCI. 
. ,40,... . ... ' 1970 

(Ahe .......... "w.y I Se • ....,) 
10 ...... _ ........ .. 
oI ............ offW 

aLi. "1I-I3IJ 



S;!r!'CO de Mayo Celebration 
Cinco de Mayo has always been remembered as Aunque el Mexico-Americano, en muchos Maximiliano fue nombrado Emperador, cual 

translated by Manuel Hernandez) the date Mexico's people ousted the French casos, ha tenido que aceptar una educacion de en una vida de tipo aristocrata proseguio ha 
Although Mexican-Americans have in many 

had to accept a second rate education, 
housing , and have ended up with the worst 
and at times labeled as a culturally 

individual, he has always, even in the 
times, retained his pride, dignity and 
. While a student, he was indoctrinated 

point of believing that he was jn fact 
Ily deprived and it many times labeled 
to his father who was refused all but the 

of jobs, because of a correlation, which 
somehow established, between being 

and being unqualified. But within the 
. unit there has existed that last link to 
r heritage, culture and traditions which 

allowed the Mexican-American a positive 
·ty . His refusal to break all ties with 
and the retention of the Southwest 

of their past has given birth to a new and 
people known as Chicanos. Proclaiming 
'd~'MI .. __ as "LA RAZA," they carry with 

unusual zealous mood which is 
hanlfes,ted in their culture and pride in their 

to be shared with all people in the 
(known as Aztlan ,) not only as a 

reminiscence of the past, but in an 
restore confidence and unity so that 

and accomplishments of the 
will rival the feat~ accomplished by the 

land of the Aztecs, has never totally 
the autonomous rule that existed at 

time of Montezuma and Cuathemoc. Spanish 
was overthrown only to begin a war with 
expansionist United States due to a weak 
. on the brink of bankruptcy, besieged 

civil wars in order to decide who 
once again rule Mexico. But Britain 
and France, seizing an imperialistic 

, were quick to demand payment of 
or threatened war with Mexico's 
It was the sad fate of Mexico that 

chose to occupy a country at that time 
by Benito Juarez, famous leader and 

LaIP!!m"n sometimes compared to Abraham 
although Lincoln lived during slavery 

Juarez did not. After some swift protocol, 
a newly devi~ monarchy, a Frenchman 

named Muimillian was decreed 
who through lavish aristocratic living 
to live on the sweat of Mexico's 

man - the peasant. But Benito Juarez. 
as president, had never lost faith in 
and had regrouped in the north. And on 

5, 1187, after many years of fighting. 
Juarez was able to regain control of 
for bis people and retum to his native 
rule it, democratically. until his death. 

Mexico was never able to fully enjoy 
becallle 01 U.S. intervention. 

back to Europe. segunda c1ase, viviendas pobres, y siempre ha vivir del sudor del hombre comun - el 

This year at UCSD and across the Southwest, 
Chicanos will continue with an old tradition to 
celebrate Benito Juarez' victory over the 
French. On the campus, either on the soccer 
field or on Revelle Plaza, on of the best planned 
activities will be held on EI Cinco de Mayo. 

According to Denny Martinez, MECHA 
Cultural Committee chairman, the festivities 
will begin at 11 in the morning and finally will 
grind down to a halt by 4:00 p.m.The festivities 
will include such noted speakers as Reis Lopez 
Tijerina, Dolores Huerta and Ernesto Galarza. 
The MECHA chapter at San Diego State College 
will entertain the attendants with it TEATRO 
MEZTlSO, which is well known within the 
Chicano movement. The Cultural Committee 
has also sponsored an art display and will be 
open during the event. "But of more interest 
will be the Ballet Folklorico, which will surely 
captivate the audience," stated Denny 
Martinez. For those whose appetite can ncver 
be appeased, Mexican food will be on sale. 

The San Diego area high schools and colleges 
are being asked to participate. Also, community 
interest and curiosity will surely attract 
Chicanos from all walks of life, especially those 
interested in such articulate speakers to be 
present. It is estimated that no fewer than 3,000 
people will attend and enjoy the festivities of 
the day. 

For those ready and willing to dance one has 
be-en planned. It will take place in MC--201 , 
beginning at 7:30 p.m. and a local band will 
play. Tentatively, it will be TIKAL. 

For those who have become wary of violence 
and the PLACA, according to Denny Martinez 
the police have given full assurance of their 
cooperation. The police will carry a low profile. 
Many people have worked hard in making the 
event a reality . Credit goes to the MECHA 
Cultural Committee, the UCSD-AS Program 
Board, Third College council , Muir Council, 
Revelle Council and other who have contributed 
financially . 

i VIVA 
LARAZA! 

sido empujado ha trabajar en los peores campesino. Pero Benito Juarez, despojado de 
empleos, y a veces categorizado como un la Presidencia, no perdio fe en su Mexico y se 
individuo deprivado de cuItura alguna , el reorganizo en el orte de donde comenzo una 
siempre ha retenido, aunque en los momentos larga lucha. Y el5 de Mayo de 1867, despues de 
mas deprirnidos, su orgullo, Dignidad e varias batallas.Benito Juarez gano control del 
lntergridad. Como estudiante de secunda ria, gobierno para su pueblo y volvia a la silla 
el Mexico-Americano es indoctrinado hasta pre sid e n cia I par ago v ern a r . 
serle inculcado en su caracte~ que el es un democraticamente, hasta su muerte. Aunque 
individuo inferior y muchas veces todavia Mexico no ba podido recuperar en 
categorizado inferior porque su padre es totalidad un gobieroo autonomo. por la 
rechazado de toda c1ase de empleos menos los intervencion de capital norteamericana, el 5 
peores, por una correlacion, que de un nodo 0 de Mayo siempre es celebrado como el dia que 
otro fue instititusionalizada, que el ser un el pueblo mexicano mando los franceses para 
Mexicano es igual que ser un individuo sin Europa. 
cua.lidad alguna . ~~ro ~entro de la u~i~ad Este ana en UCSD y por todo el Southwest 
SOCIal de la f~f!llha slempre ha .exls~ldo (Aztlan ), Chicanos continuaran en celebrar la 
perdurable ves.tl~lo de su herencla hlstonca, vieja tradiccion que es el tnunfo de Benito 

cult~ral y tra~lclOnes que Ie han. ayduda~~ al Juarez sobre los franceses invasores. En esta 
Mex .. co~Ameflcano reten~r una Idea poslllva universidad, en el Soccer Field 0 en Revelle 
de Sl ~lIsmo . Su re~uzamlento en ro~per toda Plaza , una de las mejores celebracione ha 
relacl?n ~on ~ex~co y su retenclOn de la sido preparada para el5 de Mayo 
expenencla hlstonca dentro del Southwest " (Azttan ) ha hecho posible el renacimieto de Se~un Denny ArtJnez, el preslde~~ del 
una nueva conciencia positiva de un pueblo Comlte Cul~ural de MECHA, las festlVldades 
vocal que se ac1ama con el apelativo de dara~ comlenzo a las 11 de la ~anana y 
CHICANOS. Proclamandose en solaridad con termmaran a la 4 de la tarde. Inc1uldo en las 
LA RAZA (Latinamericans ), cargan dentro de fes~ividades se~~n .Ios siguiente oradores : 
su caracter una disposicion de fervor que se Rels Lopes TIJerma, Dolores Huerta y 
manifiesta en su cultura y orgullo en las Ernes~o Galarza. EL TEATRO MESTIZO de 
glorias pasadas que son celebradas en San Diego ~tate College actuara.; el cual es 
conjunto con los pueblos del Southwest muy conocldo dentro del Movlmlento. EI 
(Aztlan) , no nada mas como una Co~i~e . Cultural tambien ha organizado una 
reminiscencia romantica del pasado, pero en exhlblclon de art~ que sera presentada 
un esfuerzo en restaurar confidencia y unidad durante el suceso. Pe~o 10 mas mt~resante 
para que las aspiraciones y futuros logros de sera. el "B~~let Folkloflco. que captlvara el 
los Chicanos compitan con los hechos publico, dlJo ~nny Ma~tmez . P~ra aquellos 
logrados por los antiguos Aztecas. de ~ran apetlto, comlda mexlcana sera 

Mexico, tierra de los Aztecas, jamas ha veneMa. 
vuelto, en totalid~d , ha recuperar un gobierno Las escuelas secundaria y las 
autonomo que existia durante los tiempos de universidade cercanas han ido invltadas. 
Cuathemoc y Moctezuma. Las cadenas de los Martinez cree que el interes de la comunidad 
espanoles fueron rompidas nada mas para sera estimulado, especificamente por los 
pelear un guerra contra el imperialismo de oradores y su importancia Cf'ntral. EI Comite 
los Estados Unidos; la cual dejo a Mexico Cultural ha hecho preparacione para mas de 
debil economicamente, con banca rota , 3,000 personas que vend ran ha divertirse y ha 
dividido internamente por guerras civiles que, celebrar. 
al fin, deciderlan quicn gobernaria a Mexico. Para los que les enc~nta bailar, un baile ha 
Y, asi, lnglaterra, Espana y FranCia, en una sido organizado. Ocurma en MC-20I desd la 
oportunidad imperialista, demandaron pago a siete y media de la noche. EI grupo se llama 
prestamos 0 amezaron al pueblo mexicano con TIKAL. 
la guerra. Fue la mala suerte que Francia Para aquello qu se preocupan por 
decidio ocupar el pais que entonc sera incidentes violenlo IIfOvun r»nnv MMlIne!! I~ 
governando por Benito Juarez, Iider famoso y placa ha prometido u cooperacion Mucho 
estatista que ha veces es comparado con grupos e individuos han hecho el uceso una 
Abraham Lincoln anque en -el pais de Lincoln realidad. Credito se Ie debe dar a el Cumlt" 
existia la esclavitud y en el de Juarez habia Cultural de MECHA y el Program Board, el 
sido probibida. Despues de un rapido ptotocolo Concilio de Lumumba-Zapata, el concilio d 
intemacional y una nueva monarquia Muir, el concilio de Revelle quienes han 
institusionaliZllda, un frances lIamado contribuido dinero. 

Chicano Supplement Poge 1 



.Rel~vancy of Mecha 
How Ioog does it take for a people to familiariJe ItleU With 

its lOCial reality aDd to procceed in soIvine its problems by 
fasbionillf, the resources at its reach into the desired IOlutioa? 
1bat is a pressing question for persons of Muican delceDt 
within the political entity of the United States. 

For too 10111 Cbicanos have put blind faith in a system wbleb 
only bas used its young for cannon fodder . ID the past Cblcanos 
bave waited on the sidelines to receive the benefits of a lOCiety 
to which they bave contributed their blood but they still bave 
not received one thine they did not take for· themselves. At one 
lime Cbicanos believed in the Democracy preacbed by the 
United States polticians but now bave found out that it was a 
myth. The only Democracy in this country is the Democracy of 
the corporate rich and the ruthlessly powerful. Chicanos are 

aw~~. that they bave been fed lies while they played the 
pohttclans game. John Kennedy, in whom they showed much 
faith, betrayed them by driving them into a war which resulted 
in ~% of the frontlines deaths for Chicanos. And to further 
demystify the American myth of Democracy, there exists 
ample proof. 

Chicanos knew the Southwest (Aztlan ) before the time the 13 
colo~ies were fou~ed , before it became part of the political 
empire of the . United States. They were here during the 
Mexlcan-Amencan War and are still here with an added 
migration from deep within Mexico. Chica~ as a whole live 
in Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and our California. 
They make up over 11 million people in the five Southwestern 
states, which, percentage wise, is 5%of the U. S. population. 
Even though Chicanos have greatly contributed to the tradition 
of the United States, they are still the victims of insensitive 
institutions, which propagate prejudices discrimination 
injustices and bigotry. ' , 

Statistics on the Chicanos have now been well documented. 
~er 85% were born in the United States, with the rest being 
Inmlgrants. Clo-;e to 8O%now live in urban centers, while 17%' 
are still involved in agricultural work. Yet, Chicanos oilly ge-t 
an average of 8.1 ycars of schooling, when compared with 12 
years of schooling with Anglo children and 9.2 with non-white 
children. A crucial problem is that 50 % of the youth never 
finish High School ; they become cannon fodder for the armed 
forces. Chicanos made up 20% of the front line casualities in 
the Vietnam war. Chicanos makeup 23% of the prisoner 
population in the Southwest. The mortality rate of babies is 
double that of Anglo children. And unemployment is high and 
has been common in the Barrios. 

In higher education the statistics run as follows. In 1968 2.9 of 
all graduates, in the U.S., were of spanish surname, yet a 
significate part of these graduates were Latin-American 
citizens who returned to their ('ountry. Here in California, in 
the U.C. System, Chicanos only make up 0.5% of the student 
population. There is a definite inequity for Chicanos in higher 
education. 

Chicanos, as a group. do not find themselves in a 
predicament because of their own accord. Instead , they are 
aware that their world has been shaped by historical forces 
beyond the barrio and this country. They have a long tradition 
of resistance, organization and struggle. Something which has 
stopped them from the white-washing process of 
acculturation. Of COUI'.e, their struggles have always been 
answered with ruthless force. Of recent struuggles. on the 
national level, we have various organizations headed by 
Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzales (Cruzade for Justice), Reis Lopez 
Tijerina (The Alianza ) and Cezar Chavez <UFWOC ). All three 
are current main recognized leaders in the Chicano Movement. 
In the educational field, Chicanos throughout Aztian have 
organized themselves into MECHA's,UMAS's or other student 
groups and have or are busy institu :ng educational programs 
within the institution they are m. Here in San Diego, Chicanos 
have various MECHA chapters from the High Schools to the 
University. Chicanos have also began to organize their 
communities and sought to link them with the student 
community. Here in San Diego, all Chicano organizations faJl 
under the umbrel\a leadership of The Chicano Federation, 
which keeps in touch with the MECHA chapter at UCSD. 

More forms of organizations are being devised as there 
appears a need. One recently formed is the RAZA UNIDA 
PARTY, which seeks to organize chicanos politically in order 
to affect direct change in the poor conditions of the Barrios. It 
has already met with much success throughout the Soutbwest. 
In Cristal City, Texas, Chicanos took over the whole 
government. Now, in the process of formation , we have an 
organization to begin to deal with upcoming deportations of 
MEXICANOS because of the racist Nixon-Arnett law. 

Chicanos have always been active in social organizations 
which have safeguarded their rights. They sti11 are. But 
Chicano organizations need and have opened their doors to 
interested persons. Chicanos need more professional people to 
solve its problems. We need bilingual educators, lawyers, 
social workers and social activists. It is only through tbeir 
knowlfllge that we can begin to increase our effectiveness. 
That is why more persons of Mexican descent are urged to get 
involvt'<1 All a person needs is a sense of understanding and 
dedica :i6o, alollg with the desire to get involved. Althought in 
the pa ;t, some Chicanos have succeded in acquiring a higher 
education they have always left behind their communities to 
deterit'rate. Today. we need Chicanos with a social 

consd)usnes~ . Oul, in that 'nay ('an we able to succeed in 
bridgil.g the technological gap and solve our common 
problel1l. 

CHICANU SUPPLEMENT STAFF 
TUls supplement IS produced tn coordination with the 

ME ':: HA Communications commlttt'e Its efforts are geared 
towards ratstng consciousness amongst persons of MeXican 
descent II IS hoped that Its contents win serve as an 
educational experience. and furthermore The Chicano 
Suppleme-nt Starr hopes It win beneht Chicanos and an 
IOterested persons We plan to come out regularl~·. reporting 
nell·s. e-venls and mltotes. As a poilc\·. we sincerel~' accept 
WtlCI m and . of course contributions An\" correo can be sent 
to th(' TR ITO:"l TIMES ofhce . 

Page 2 Chicano Supplement 

FRANCISCO ESTRADA .. -Francisco Estradois the newly 
elected Chairman of Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlan 
(MECHA). He is a Lincoln High school graduate, attending 
Lumumba-Zapata College and actively participating in the 
Chicano Movement. 

MECHA Chairman 
T elks on Issues 

EDITOR'S NOTE: With the new Spring Season here, 
MECHA (Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de Azllan) 
enjoys the leadership of Francico Estrada. Mr. Estrada 
is a LumumlJa-Zapata college sophomore and comes 
(rom Shell Town, a local chicano barrio. He has been 
active in the Chicano Movement for over four years , has 
worked actively in the development of Lumumba Zapata 
College and bas future plans in devoting his future in the 
deep dynamics of tlie Chicano cause. He is well known in 
the Chicano community and at one time worked elosely 
with Lincoln High 's administrators in surveying the 
school in relationship to the needs of Chicanos there. 
Here at UCSD his diligent work does not fall behind his 
earlier efforts and for that he is well known. 

Below is an interview expressing his views on Chicanos 
in general : 

CS : In your opinion, what is the present state of MECHA and 
do you see any changes in its direction ? 
ESTRADA : MECHA has matured considerably in the past four 
years so much that we can now begin to develop other 
programs in areas concerned, not only with Chicanos on 
campus but in other matters relating with the needs of the 
Chicano community . We have yet to reach all Chicanos on 
campus and we are striving for thal goal We need more man 
power in order to effectively implement new programs, our 
emphasis is shifting to the general Chicano community yet we 
are not by any means neglecting the campus community. 
CS : The historic Cinco de Mayo is coming. It is a time in which 
Chicanos celebrate the daring defeat of the French 
intervention during the notorious Pastry War. LA RAZA 
generaUy remembers it. What does MECHA plan to do? 
ESTRADA : MECHA plans to have day long activities on 
CINCO DE MAYO. As speakers . we have invited Dolores 
Huerta , representative of UFWOC, and Reis Lopez Tijerina, 
leader of the " Alianza ". both are well known figures in the 
Chicano movement. We will be seUing food and plan to have a 
dance to highlight the activities The Pontire Chicano 

commua1ty is IDvlted to participate In tile celebratioal. This 
celebration Is DOt only ID commemoration of the famous Cinco 
de Mayo battle in Puebll but it is a day in whicb Chicanos 
across the nation express solidarity with our Mestiw carnales 
en toda America! 
CS; Is there community involvment from the MECHA chapter 
at UCSD? If so where? 
ESTRADA: MECHA has a committment towards meeting the 
needs of the Chicano community. Mechistas have formed 
MOSCA, a pre-school program for Chicanitos, and participate 
as members in the Chicano Federation and MECHA Central. 
We work closely with the UFWOC organization and provide 
innovative ideas for supporting the Chicano Community in Its 
attempts for self-determination but we still need more man-
power for implementing these ideas. 
CS: It is a well known fact that MECHA has played a crucial 
role in recruiting close to 300 Chicanos at UCSD. Do you see an 
increase in the number and how Chicanos on campus can help 
in the betterment of their people? 
ESTRADA : We will continue to recruit larger numbers of not 
only students but of faculty and staff members. It seems, 
however, tbe Establishment will try to slow down our progress 
in the same way of S.D.S.U., where all financial grants were 
cancelled. Considering the cutbacks we sustained last year, it 
is feasible that a complete cut of all financial aids could occur 
within the next few years. In this case not only Chicanos but all 
students receiving financial aids will be forced to come 
together to combat these cutbacks. Chicanos can help in the 
betterment of their people by joining MECHA and actively 
participating in organizational activities . Also a great service 
could be performed by having Chicanos put at the disposal of 
the community the skills they acquire on campus. 
CS : What part, if any , does MECHA play in the development of 
LUMUMBA-ZAPATA College? 
ESTRADA : MECHA has been involved in the development of 
LUMUMBA-ZAPATA Co\1ege since the idea was first 
conceived. MECHA will continue to actively participate in the 
development of LUMUMBA-ZAPATA but we will in no way 
neglect our carnales in the other co\1eges. LUMUMBA-
ZAPATA is important because it is a basis from which we can 
resist and counter the ideology of this society which has been 
poisoning our communities . 
CS: You 're a LUMUMBA-ZAPATA College student and a 
Chicano straight out of the barrio. How do you feel about the 
critics of LUMLJMBA-ZAPATA Co\1ege and their attempts to 
subvert its principles by villyf ing its image? In particular the 
myth about its educational quality? 
ESTRADA : I believe that these "critics" are completely 
ignorant of their American or "United States of America " 
history . They have obviously been so conditioned by this racist 
system. The myth of the inferior quality of education is 
unfounded and the proponents of this myth are very 
misinformed . LUMUMBA-ZA PATA is a sma\1 attempt to 
begin to change this oppressive system. 
CS: What i your relationship to LA RAZA throughout Azllan. 
what has been genera\1y ill-baptized by United Statians as the 
Southwest? 
ESTRADA : I am a Chicano and therefore part of LA RAZA. I 
am not Mexican nor Mexican-American, no soy tapado. 
Chicanos are Mexicans who have been overtly colonized and 
are attempting to bring about social and economic change In 
this country. 
CS : Do you have a final message for Chicanos at UCSD? 
ESTRADA : MECHA meets Wednesdays at 7:30 at the 
International Center. All Chicanos are invited to attend all 
meetings, this means not only students but faculty and staff. I 
believe that a\1 Chicanos owe to MECHA and the community, 
due to the very fact they are on campus. I would encourage 
people to help us in our en~eavours to change the society and to 
satisfy the needs of our people. 

Chicono health ,to be explored on compus, community 
Antonio 

In the non-industrial countries of the world , the birth-rate is 
as much as four times higher than in the industrialized and 
fully developed countries. The death rate is also about four 
times higher in the undeveloped countries as in the developed 
countries. In these countries, the health situation in general is 
devastating. It is very similar to the situation of the Chicano 
who lives in the occupied territories of Aztlafl. 

Even though the Chicano is living inside of the most 
scientifically, most technologica\1y advanced country on the 
face of the earth, the Chicano is still subject to a death rate 
which in many cases is as high as three times that of the anglo 
in AzUan. Admittedly, this is lower than in many other parts of 
the world , but within the U.S.A. , it is inexcusable. 

The U.S. government has initiated the medi-caid and medi-
cal has been established by the state of California . It has been 
coming to light that there are many discrepancies as to how 
the monies from these programs have been used. Chicanos 
have. a difficult time getting t.o a doctor, much less getting to a 
hospital, as there are very few if any hospitals in the barrios 
and too few doctors, so the discrepancies in the program do not 
corne from the barrios of Aztlan . In other words, Chicanos do 
not receive their share of the benefits of these program's, not 
t.o speak of cheating the government. 

In, many barrios, the folk-cures from Mexico are still used 
(or treatment of illness' . Although we Chicanos are aware that 
many of these cures work, there is a limitation to their 
effectiveness. There is a time for a doctor but a\1 to often 
there is no doctor near, or the one who is 'near charges t~ 
much, doesn't understand Chicanos and doesn't speak espano!. 

At the UCSD School of Medicine is a department ca\1ed 
Community Medicine. This department is concerned with 
University Hospital and the various health clinics, such as the 
one in San Ysidro, run by the School of Medicine and University 
Hospital. Among the members of this department is Dr. 
Faustina Solis. It is the intention of Chicano Supplement to 
interview Dr. Solis regarding the exact situation of the 
Chicano and his health problems. 

Also functioning on the UCSD campus is the National 
Chicano Health Organization, NCHO. The members of this 
organization are our camales who are studying the medical 
arts t.o be able to rep;lir our tom and ravaged bodies. In our 

ne~t edition, Chicano Supplement will be speaking to both Ora . 
Sohs and the members of NCHO. In our interviews, we will try 

to show what occurs when the average Chicano patient goes to 
see the doctor or to visit the .hospital. We wi11 be trying to 
document the problems of Chicano students in the pre-medical 
and medical programs at UCSD and other institutions. Ora. 
Solis is very authoritative on the subject of Chicano and 
Mexicano folk medicine, and we will be trying to provide some 
information regarding these cures. 

Also to be examined is the portion of the proposal for a 
department of Chicano Studies at UCSD which de 31s with the 
study of the health problems of the Chicano. The implications 
and possibilities of this wi11 be fuUy explored . 

Chicano Supplement wishes to furnish the information that 
Chicanos know, but which anglos want documentation of. 
Hopefully this information wi11 help stimulate awareness and 
help Chicanos to argue for la causa more effectively. Watcb for 
this article in our next edition. 

DENNY MARTINEZ - Deny MarUllel II tile Qalrma. of ' 
MECHA's C. ... ral Committee. He, .... wi" .uyoPer 
Medllstas Ms prepuM tile CINCO DE MAYO ee ........ . 
Hia "teffS' Ie n"'re loes .eIl .. die f ........ LOS 
TOLTECAS DE AZTLAN, • nI ..... 1 1"If. De.., us 
..... •• teed ... ecnsf.1 CIHe tie Ma,. ... !avIles eve..,.. &0 
"III!. 

EOP ofrece taller Bi-lingue 
Ademas del " Writing 

Clinie", basta aborita UCSD no 
ba ofrecido ningun programa 
que se dirija directamente a 
aqueUOI estudianles chicanos 
que bayan estado tiniendo 
problemas en la 
coneeptualizacion 0 estructura 
linguistica, ya sean en Ingles 0 
en Espano!. Este es un 
problema bastante sutil y 
aunque no grave (todos 
Uegamos a comunicarnos y a 
hacernos entender) si es algo 
que existe para mucbos de 
nosotros. Tambien, muchos 
papeles pueden tener un 
contenido fantastico, unas 
ideas muy originales pero 
pierden mucbo de su valor 
porque no son transmitidos en 
una estructura adecuada . EI 
problema se compliea cuando 
los profesores no se dan cuenta 
que para algunos de los 
estudiantes el Ingles no es la 
lengua nat iva 0 que otros 
estudiantes en su elase son bi-
lingues y entonces tienen 
tendencias a calificar al 
estudiante al mismo nivel que 
con los estudiantes nativos en 
Ingles. EI EOP ha hecho 
esfuerzos de corregir estos y 
muchos otros problemas y 
empezando este trimestre ha 
organizado un proyecto en 
Escrituras Bi-Lingues, 0 sea 
" The Bi-Lingual Writing 
Workshop" . Este programa 
Lie ne dos propositos 
principales : 

un poco de dificultad en sus 
lecturas 0 escrituras. No crean 
que esto es enteramente 
unilaterial - la idea es que al 
mismo tiempo· que !Ie mejora 
en IIIIles, se refuerza el 
Espanol y vice versa. Tenemos 
un personal con los cuales los 
estudiantes pueden venir a 
plalicar desde ideas para un 
papel, proyecto 0 presentacion 
hasta revision de papeles, etc. 
EI personal tambien puede 
servir como coneccion con los 
profesores, todos los cuales ya 
saben del proyecto y ban 
respuesto con bastante 
entusiasmo. 

(ias ofieinas del EOP ). 
Deben tomar ventaja de este 

programa. Estamos aqui para 
ofrecer cualquier asistencia, 
ya sea directa 0 indirecta. 
Muchos tenemos la tendencia 
de dejarlo para despues. Pero 
no esperen hasta que ya sea 
tarde . EI trimestre se pasa 
muy pronto y verdaderamente 
no bay mucho tiempo. Asi es 
que ponganse Iistos desde 
ahorita para que no sufran 
mucho despues . 

Bi-linqual education 
researched in San Diego 

Ad~mas del servicio directo 
a los estudiantes, se esta 
estudiando cual es el estado 
presente de programas ESL 
(English as A Second 
Language ) y otros programas 
bi-Hlllues en el condado de 
San Diego, Berkeley y UCLA . 
Esto es con el fin de bacer una 
evaluacion y quizas proponer 
algo para .el establecimiento de 
programas bi-Hngues aqui en 
UCSD. 

Primero , de proveer 

Eric Martinez, Assistant 
Dean del EOP, nombro a 
Susana Halfon como co-
ordinadora del proyecto y Ana 
Cardena, Nicolas Aguilar, 
Chato Benitez, Haleman 
Gonzalez e InesBrolaskisonlos 
otros miembros del personal. 
La ofieina se encuentra dentro 
del complejo del Provost de 
John Muir, cuarto numero 2110, 
EX . 1906. Es preferible si 
l1aman primero para hacer 
una cita con Lillian, EX . 2162 

asis tencia a aquellos 
estudiantes que estan teniendo 

FINANCIAL AIDS 
5POll50R5 LUAU 

Financial Aid~ at UCSD i~ spon!Oring a LUAU on May 13th, 3 pm 
at the International House on Malthews Campus. LUAU, which is 0 
Howaiian feast , will be serving pig (pua) baked in li-Ieoves, lomi 
lami ~almon, chicken long rice , poi, sweet yams. Dessert will 
include fresh Pineapples and cocoanut coke. 
The He Noa Loni dancers will be fealured under Ihe choreography 
& direction of teimomi Gahetan. who presently conduct~ Hawaiian 
& Tahitian dance classes at the La Jolla Dance Cenler. 
All Proceeds from the Luau are for the Scholarships and Emergen-
cy Loon . Tickets are on sale at Urey Hall Box Office. General 
information , call EDNA. 

(IN LEO 
944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 
N.,,· PI.~·ln.: 

BLACK CAT 
Boris KarioH Bela Lugouj 

PI •• : 
THE LJGHTTH.<tT . 'A 'LED. 

Ronald Colman Ida Lupino 

Foo', 'or Sra.tda' (1918) 

Si algunos de ustedes han 
beeho estudios sobre ESL 0 
Programas Bi--Lingues les 
agradeceriamos si nos 
avisaran 0 nos prestaran una 
copia . Si tienen alguna 
pregunta 0 sugerencia ya saben 
que nos pueden Uamar. 

Volleyball 
Contest 

A volleyball Tournament is 
being sponsored by the Tijuana 
Five . The final Prize will be a 
keg of beer. The tournament 
will begin May 12 and continue 
to the 14. A 50¢ fee will be 
charged. Funds wiU go to the 
MOSCA Program on campus. 
There will be a Dia de Campo 
after the end of the 
tournament. Intere sted 
persons get in touch with 
MECHA or the MOSCA 
members. 

Recently, Mr. Valerios S. 
Rodriguez, Spanish instructor 
at Southwestern College 
reached a goal he had been 
working towards since 1968 
when he was awarded his 
doctorate degree in human 
behavior from the United 
States Int e rnation al 
University. 

Dr. Rodriguez who came to 
Southwestern as a fuU-time 
instructor in 1968 continued his 
education by taking one course 
per quarter and three courses 
during the summer months at 
USIU. 

His dissertation was directed 
towards the se If -concep t of the 
Mexican-American child. He 
compared sixth graders of both 
Anglo and Mexican American 
ethnics o( the same social 
position . These students were 
from one school district in the 
San Diego area. 

Some of his results showed 
that the self-concept of the 
Mexican-American pupils in 
de facto segregated schools is 
significantly higher than the 
self-concept of the Mexican-
American pup ils in 
nonsegregated schools, which 
suggests that the Mexican-
American child when in the 
majority receives positive 
reinforcement from his peers. 
The teachers may be treating 
the students in a like fashion. 

2001: 
a space Odyssey 

" .. " •• KEIR DULLEA ' GARY LOCKWOOD 
"' .... ," .,STANLEY KUBRICK AH.ARTHUR C CLARKE 

.. oovc ••••• • , .. ",.or STANLEY KUBRICK 
METROCOLOR 9:00 

1_11III1I111111111111II111111111.IIUUIIIIIII •• IIIIIIHHIHlllIHlllIIlllHlI 

~Mt~~~ 
SPECIAL OF 
THE WEEK: 
Wisconsin Cheddar 
$1.39 ;1b. 
regularly S 1.S9 l ib. 

OF LA .JOLLA 

Results also suggested that 
the Mexican-American child in 
a desegregated school may be 
treated differently than the 
majority students in school, 
consequently these students 
react in a negative manner. 

Dr. Rodriguez wrote that 
" the Mexican American pupils 
are behaving the way they are 
expected to behave by their 
teachers and administrators 
(The Prophecy of Sel(-
fulfillment ). The results of the 
study do not in any way suggest 
a vote (or de facto segregation 
but an appeal to those 
'significant others' to accept 
all children as 'children,' to 
eJ(pect the finest from them 
and to know their culture and 
language . The 'significant 
others ' are the parents , 
teachers and peers. Only by 
knowing our pupils can we be 
successful, especially at the 
elementary level . 

" When a child 'fails: it is not 
the child that has failed , it is 

the teacher and or the school 
system. When pupils are failing 
let us examine ourselves, we 
may need to change instead of 
the pupil." 

"The pupil will see himself 
the way he feels others view 
him , the significant others 
greatly affect the self-concept 
of this pupil. " 

Dr. Rodriguez stated that 
other major studies confirmed 
his findings. For instance, 
Carter (1968 ) conducted a 
study in the secondary schools 
of California from September 
1964 to June 1966. othing 
supported the belief that the 
Mexican-American pupHs saw 
themselves more negatively 
than Anglo pupils. However. 
Carter reports, it was obvious 
that teachers and 
administrators believed them 
to be inferior and to conclude 
they saw themselves that way. 
The findings of Hepner (1970 ) 
and Mercer (1967 ) support the 
findings of Carter and the 
recent ones of Dr. Rodriguez 
(1972 ). 

Bilingual education IS Dr. 
Rodriguez' interest and also 
community involvement in the 
educational process of the 
children. He is responsible for 
the design and implementation 
of the bilingual courses, and 
with MECHA students, the 
initiating of Mexican-American 
courses at Southwestern. He 
also set up the Spanish 
conversation courses at the 
college for the working staff 
and faculty. This program has 
prov ided a better 
communication and 
understandmg between staff 
and student 

SATURDf\Y MIDNIGHT 

Piiauianist 
by Harry Hurll itz 

\ \ , 

'.~J;# 
, 

with a little help from 
I MARILYN MONROE HUMPHREY BOGART 

CLARK GABLE GARY COOPER 
JOHN WAYNE FLASH GORDON 

ORSON WElLES ERROL FLYNN 
MICKEY ROONEY JAMES STEWART 

PETER LORRE FU MANCHU 
and starring 

CHUCK McCANN 
as 

CAPTAIN FLASH 
(who In everyday hfe t also known as u,~ 0' EmU Zo'a (1937) 

.... -a 7' lJI 3:30 hi. IS ... 7,1:38& lUI 
s .... 

l ..... ,t.so IhtiMe WI IS:III" •. 7 , .. 30 

the projecllonist) 
ANOCltAPJ£R80FWHOKNOWSWHlP & PORTRAIT OF A TAR 

7523·A Fay Ave ., La Jolla 
(on Drury Lane Plaza) 454·5384 J. 

1II1I1IIIIIIlllIlltllllllltllllllllll .. llIllIlIIlltlIlHlIllHlIIIHIlIIIllllltlIlnIlK_ltllll , 

rPi:Liw«siiiDiiis'''!~ 
~~~ REGISTER NOW FOR THE OCTOBER LSAT REVIEW l~l~ 
::: COURSE TO MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT SCORE. Instruction :::: 
::: exclusively in exam taking techniques used successfully :;:: 
:::. by CaUfomla pre-Iow stuclents. Taught"in San Dieto by :::: 
::: prodici"l lawyers. Cost: $75. ;:::. 

~:~ c..n. .. OCT .... 21 LSIT .1 ... OCT.... C. FOI :;: 
:;: co.&I1I CKTa.t ::: 

~:~ .OIIUTIOII, CALL TODAY. (213) .,s-a046. :l: 
::::a:.:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-i-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::: 

., 
~ 
::I 
~ 
e 

Levis· A·I • Male 

BODY KOVERS " ::I ~. III 
t" hst selection 1ft No. C.unty ~ It 

::I 
1448 Camino Del Mar ::I :r 
DelMar CG ~ 0 
755·3557 ::I 

love 'n' Sluff· Tops 
-....(ACADEMy .... -

372\ UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Page 3 Chicano Supplement 



rnesto Galarza Interview 
: ~----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~ 

EDITOR'S NOTE: Erneste Galarza migrated to the United 
States from Tepic, Mexico during his youth. Since then, \Ie has 
been a day laborer harvest hand, cannery worker, busboy, 
messencer, newspaper agent, interpreter, Editor, consultant, 
labor organizer and author. Today, Mr. Galarza is a Regent's 
visitinc professor In Lumumha-Zapata college. Many UCSD 
Chicanos are taking both of his courses beine offered ; they, no 
doubt, deal with the Chicano Experience within the political 
entity of the United States. 

Emeste Galarza is the author of several books. Among them 
are MERCHANTS OF LABOR, BARRIO BOY, and, SPLDERS 
IN THE HOUSE AND WORKERS IN THE FIELD. His works 
are partaking in the organic process to redefine the character 
of the Chicano people. His works deal primarily with the 
agricultural experience, of which 17% percent of Chicanos are 
still involved. 

By Rlcbard Valdez aDd 
John Valdez 

CS : What kept you involved with the Mexican people when 
most Mexican American graduates sought other 
achievements? 
GALARZA : To begin with I never moved away from my 
family, even when I was in college for two semesters away 
from home I went back summers, holidays and went back to 
work in the community. My absence in college was not 
separation from the Mexican community. In addition to that I 
lived in Sacramento and became known as an indigenous aid . I 
interpreted for people and gradually accumulated skills in 
relating Mexicans to institutions and agencies. I didn't break 
my ties with the Mexican people, also the family influence was 
very powerful in this sense. There was always a very explicit 
interest in how much of this learning I could put to good use on 
behalf of other human beings . There was a very strong sense of 
moral responsibility to help other people which my family 
instilled in me . 

PRIMARY EFFORT OF CmCANOS 
CS: What do you feel the primary effort of Chicano students 
should be today? 
GALARZA : I think the primary effort of Chicano students 
today is to be damn good at what there at and to 
be better than damn good . 
CS : What changes I do you feel ) should be made in the 
university to be relevant to the Chicanos and therefore his 
community? 

His persnnal experiences are of great importance to us as 
Chicanos. He was one of those individuals who did not leave his 
community behind. We should see his dedication in the light of 
an example for us. Our communities still exist in a colonialist 
situation, wbich is highly alienating for the development of 
healthy individuals. The prisons still have a great number of 
our people behind bars. Unemployement is high. In San Diego, 
we make up 40% of the unemployed. We are a source of cheap 
labor for a system that has failed to provide us a decent livinc 
standard. 

Our problems are m~ny , thf' solutions are wailing and we 
need more concerned Chicanos to get involved. 

Below is an interview of Ernesto Galarza. He speaks on his 
personal experiences, educational career and hope for a 
brighter future for his people. We hope that the interview is 
educational, both for Chicanos and concerned individuals alike. 

PURPOSE OF CHICANO STUDIES 

CS: What do you feel should be the purpose of Chicano Studies? 
GALARZA : The purpose of Chicano students should be to 
utilize studies about themselves that is Chicano Studies as a 
subject area as well as all other subject areas to better 
understand the role of Chicanos and La Raza in the history of 
the southwest. It has been an important role to understand it 
and to also understand their role in contemporary society. One 
of the things of concern is that Chicano Studies in some places I 
have seen tends to become a mirror on the wall into which 
Chicanos keep looking into themselves. And that's fine if you 
feel that your image has been distorted , it's a good thing to look 
into the mirror and say I'm a pretty good lookingguy but there 
comes an end. There comes a time you have to look behind the 
mirror because important things are happening that affect 
your life that are not in the mirror. And whether Chicanos 
dealing with Chicano Studies or non-Chicano Studies. I think 
the objer.tive is the same which is to understand his situation 
and the situation of the Mexican community as broadly and 
competently as he can. And within this broad area of learning 
and knowledge, Chicano Studies occupies an important role 
because as I see it. Chicano Studies have become an academic 
issue simply because for so long the academicians have 
forgotten that the Mexicans have been a part of the history of 
America and the history of the southwest. Chicano Studies is 
tending to redress that balance and until it is redressed and 
there is a proper focus on the knowledge of the Mexican in 
history until that is balanced off Chicano Studies should 
continue as a body of knowledge. 
CS : Noting the transfer of Chicano people from the rural to the 

GALARZA : The most important suggestion I would make to rural setting, what effect do you see the university will have on 
them is that they become aware of the tensions, problems, the Mexican American culture? 
anxieties and dangers of the Mexican community in their area GALARZA: If the contemporary university takes as little 
of service. To become aware of these matters and to offer interest and as little sense of responsibility toward the urban 
those communities professional and skilled assistance to the Mexican as it always has toward the rural Mexican, then the 
Mexican community so that the university can better university is just remiss . It is failing in its responsibility to an 
understand the plight they are in . If I could put my finger on important part of the population. Now if we assume that the 
the central problem that faces the Mexican community it is contemporary university is going to change its manners and 
the lack of information. The lack of data of current reliable become interested and find ways in which it can become of 
information on various things that are happening to the service to the Mexican community not simply to use it as a 
community. members of the community need this information laboratory or a field of study but to assist it. to learn about its 
and they must be given access to the very best sources as the situation and to analyze it but to ;>ick its own cour~c, make its 
universities and colleges. I would say that only during the last own decision, if the university moves in that direction, the 
four to five last years have the colleges and universities begun university can have a very important effect on the urban 
to feel that they have this kind of responsibility . culture of the Mexican. 

WENESTO GALARZA-El'Hlao Galarza Is a ReleDt'1 visitiq 
profelsor at UCSD. From bl. early yoatb ao today be bal beeD 
preoccupied wltb Cblcaaos. His IIIvolvemeDt lias beeu IIeIped III 
f.rtberlll& the caUH of ChicaDos. OR tlle rigbt side we ave aD 
iDlerview wilb lIim. 

CHICANO GRADUATES 
CS: What about the Chicano student who graduates from the 
university if he or she returns to the community what possible 
effect can the university have on his culture and purpose? What 
is the role of the Chicano graduate? 
GALARZA : It depends upon how he conceives his role and how 
he acts. If he goes back polished off with a M.A. or P.H.D. and 
if he chooses to use his prestige and hi.- competency to 
nominate himself as a spokesman or leader of the community 
J think all the investment of his education is In that loss . But if 
these people go back into the community understanding that 
their superior knowledge and training puts a proportionately 
higher responsibility which means helping the community to 
understand the situations that it finds itself in and to bring to 
the community information that is not available to them . For 
only such people can get at this information because the 
Mexican moving into American urban society is moving into an 
extremely complicated culture. The community needs people 
who know their way around in It but if you learn your way 
around a complicated culture you can easily be tempted to 
exploit it on your own behalf and to make a career out of it. 
Careerism is one of the temptation and pitfalls which faces 
the Mexican graduate student , he has to make up his mind 
what his responsibility is . Now if enough such guys come out of 
the universities who go back well trained, competent and 
capable who use their skills to help the community to find its 
way through this maze, this meat grinder which is American 
society, their training will be justified. I will be very interested 
to see how such many men and women this generation can turn 
out. 

••••••••••••••••••• alii 1111111111 111111 1111111111111 III II 1111 II 1111 II 11111 II I 1111 II II 111111 II 1111111111 1111111111 II II III 11111 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII~ GRAND OPENING - APRlt 29 • 

STARTS 4 PM I ~======= o.OOlt.L:~~~ A Iso 011 Sunda\': Picnic in back ~t"lll~ of the lodge. 12 noon to?? Walermelon. 
salad. corn on the cob. mashed potatoes. 

barbecued fish & hamburgers G ) I .. Also: ~t;~~r 

10-9 
Phone 
296-9276 

~ ) (0 11/1 ~/~ ~ 
• t!N8IiN .J. .... .,. 

50 ARTISANS' CUSTOM NEXT TO THE GREENERY 
D~SIGNED ITEMS 1733 UNIVERSITY AVE. 

DOOR PRIZES SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 

Or-Gro 
OIGAIiICAU Y GlOW .. 

IIATUlAl fOOD ~ /'/" :'~" I , 1,\ i. ( \ '. ' 
Gt -.0. 

• Produce' paultry Products 
• Mul Products' Dairy Products 

• Bakery Goods' Grains 
• Juices' Appliances 

• rood Suppl.mentr. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

LISTEN TO 
KSDT 

RADIO 
• 
••••••••••••••••••• 

Give Your Family A Healthful Breakfast 

RAW MILK HARMONY GRITS 
with OR and 

RAW HONEY GRANOLA StaH of life lassen 
- ~ Live Music (, ) ( i) I /~-'-''''''''''--=--=---~T "_ff~~smf/ '\ M.f*":!S~ 945 Ginn, PACIFIC _ACI M-IHOU:'7 
i IUm.L. coo .. , OI.'J, -:::::::::::...Ou·n01t1l COUflTcty \ SAT. 10.6 ,a-KING IN IIAI lAT. IN 
E ~D, (1IiJI'~, <.II,"", ''''~ - -- SUN. l·S - SUN. 1.1 
.iuillllllllllllnllllllllllllllllllllftlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllill II 11111111111111111'11111 ._IIIIIIIIIIMIII.IIIIIII_.'" ______________________________ .... 

Page 4 Chicano Supplement 

• 

Soccer team kicks State 
Robert Von Volin 

Until April _,1m, 110 UCSD soccer team had ever beaten a 
soccer team from SaD Diego State. But that Wednesday 
eveninc everythinc changed. Paul Kobne's goal with Ie~ than 
one miJlute remaininc in the match gave the upstart TrItonS a 
3-2 upIet victory over the Aztecs. ~obne's score plus two 
earlier goals by red-hot Steve Reid powered the UCSD 
triumph. Reid bas IIOW scored five goals in the last three 
matdles. . 

TIle first baU was very gentlemanly with each team ICOrlnc 
a goal for the other. Reid gets credit for the fint o~ bec~u.se 
he was thi nearest Triton to the 80S fullback who kIcked It In . 
But the ever punctiliouS Booters responded with a gift of their 
own which evened the match at one to one at the balf . 

'lbin&s seesawed back and forth during the first thirty 
minutes of the secoad baH, and the Aztecs seemed to ~ve the 
upper hand. TbeII tIainII ezploded. On a fast break Reid really 
deisgnatioaofconlest _ ., . 
give UCSD a two-ooe lead. Smellinc a WID a bttle too early, the 
Tritons let down. TIle Aztecs came roarlnc back and finally . 
broke through the UCSD fullbacks . · 'Ibe Trit,on loalkeeper 
knocked away two successive shots, but the ~llIrd one got.bY. 
Thines were gettinc extremely tense and the tune was running 
out fast. 'lben Kohne's superb individual score was the coup de 
gras which gave the Tritons a long coveted victory. 

All the Booters did a good job. Forwards Oscar Vocal, Tony 
Val\adolid Reid and Kohne Teamed up with balfbacks Stewart 
Hayes, Jo;ge Rivas and Bob Goe to give the team its offensi.ve 
punch. Despite its altruism the defense was tremendous With 

UCSD gets a taste 
of ole Yugoslavia 
On Saturday, May 6, there will be a Ylllosiav Dance Institute 

and Balkan Party beld in the UCSD gymnasium. The Dance 
Institute will take place durine the afte~n a~ WIll be 
taught by Bora Gajicki. In the evening a.revlew se~lon WIll be 
followed by a party at which music will be provided by the 
Borino Kolo Folk Ensemble Orcbestra. 

Bora Gajicki for seven years was a solo dancer with the 
largest YIIIOIlav state dance .company; and for three years 

~as professional choreoarapher with. Jed~stvo, one of the 
leadine groups in Beograd . He now resides 1ft Long B4;ach and 
has been directing the Borino Kolo Folk Ensemble whIch grew 
out of classes formerly held in Long Beach. Bora bas been 
featured in festivals thrO\llOOut Southern California and on TV. 
The Ensemble sings and dances to its own orchestra, a"" the 
entire group is authentically costumed. 

A package deal for both the party and the institute .is be~ng 
offered for $3 but a special UCSD student packale IS being 
offered for S2. For more information about the event, call 
Geoff Hamada, 755-2359, or Jim Ling, 453-195S. 

Sports cal~ndar 
This weekend the big 

happening in tennis is the Ojai 
Tournament in which selected 
members of the UCSD men's 
and women's team will 
participate. The event takes 
place Thursday, Friday and 
Saturday. 

The track team will also 
participate in a prestigious 
tournament, the nationally 
famous Mount San Antonio 
College Relays, which will take 
place Friday and Saturday. 

Not to be outdone, the crew 
team will compete in the San 
\,)iego Invitational, which will 

be rowed in Mission Bay 
starting at the early hour of 
1:00 am. This invitational will 
feature teams from the major 
colleges of Southern California. 

Today the IOU team faces the 
Anteaters of UC Irvine in a 
home match at Lorna Santa Fe. 
On Saturday the UCSD 
diamond men will journey up to 
Southern California College to 
face the Crusaders in a game 
scheduled for 12 :00 noon. The 
duffers will return Monday for 
the Southern California 
Championships which will be 
held at Torrey Pines Golf 
Course. 

Qur 11111 rtaro!Chort". f1igllU 
toWNDON 

or BRUSSELS 
,.. ... 16 / Sepl.l. '259 
lv .. 23 / Aug. 31 U69 
June 2. / Sep' I $265 
Ju!, I7/AJo n 5265 

PnI. P ...... (21'1 2lJ.521O 
,It ..... TmellIe. 

.15I11III .......... 
.. "",MiIb 

or ,....1.1.l1li. LOU ULPD 
- 11I4I_an 

fullbacks Ray Carillo, Jorge Guelfero, Carlos Robles, and . 
Mark Schneider each giving a super effort. They were backed 
up bl goalkeeper Robert Van Valin. . 

The Tritons are now 4-6-1 on the season and are 4-2-1 dunng 
this quarter.J{oIme is the team's leadinc scorer with seven 
goals, closely followed by Redhot Reid wi.th six. Next 
Wednesday the Kickers have a rematch with Grossmont at 
UCSD. 

- ,. 

Netters shut out 
see 9-0 

The Triton tennis team 
evened its seasonal record at 
five wins, five losses by virtue 
of its first H win in recent 
history. Southern Cal College 
served as victim for the 
auspicious occurrence 
Saturday, as a UCSD barrage 
rolled up six of the nine points 
via straight-set victories. 

The shutout was made 
possible , however , only 
througb tough three-·set 
matches won by Ted Teacher,· 
Bruce Baxley, and Bruce 
Burnett. Teacher was extended 
to a 6-1,.1~, 6-% score while 
Baxley took a tie-break 
decision in the third set. 
Burnett, fresh from a morning 
scrim male match alainst 
Naval Training Center, roared 
back from a second set loss to 
register a 6-1, H , 6-1 victory. 

Other singlists Bruce 
Wakefield, Rich Freer, and 
Glenn Gottlieb also 
participants in the NTC 
practice, enjoyed straight-set 
successes . The doubles 
competition was swept 
decisively by the La Jollans,. a 
Teacher-Baxley duo lead inc 
the way with a 6-1, 6-2 win 
while Wakefield and Freer took 

a 6-1, 6-1 match. Rick Doroski 
and Tim Luey then teamed to 
cap the shutout with a 1HI,6-1 
victory. 

No one around the courts can 
seem to remember if a Triton 
net squad has ever won a H 
decision. The uniqueness of 
Saturday's win is heilhtened by 
the fact that it reversed a 
losing strine which had reached 
three games. 

This week finds singlists Ted 
Teacher and Bruce Baxley and 
the doubles team of Bruce 
Burnett·Bill Duke 
representing UCSD in the 
highly-regarded Ojai 
Tournament near Santa 
Barbara. Their return will be 
greeted with the final two 
regular-season matches of the 
year before the long- awaited 
NAIA District Championships 
at Redlands. 

With a May 3 home match 
scheduled against USIU and a 
May 5 encounter with the 
invincible Toreros of the 
University of San Diego, the 
Tritons are hoping 1.0 enter the 
Redlands proving grounds with 
at least a 61 record , certainly 
reflecting improvement over 
last year's edition. 

May carnival 
postponed 

Due to a laclt of enthusiasm, spring fever in diSlllise, the 
proposed May Carnival has been postponed until ~ Fall 
Quarter. This move was decided upon by the club coordinators 
.t the meeting Wednesday afternoon. It was apparently felt 
by those interested in the carnival that the third quarter was a 
bad time to hold such an event, since many students may have 
been interested, but few were willing to do ~ny .work. . . . 

The recreation department is now considermg. an ~ctlvlhes 
day, which would consist of informal compehllon In events 
proposed by the students. Such events may range from water 
balloon fights to three-legged races to more seriOUS 
competition, if the students are .interest~ . The weekend of 
May 13 - 14 is probably the only tune avallabl~ f~r s~.:h ~ day. 
Any students interested in sponsoring or pa.rtlclpatlng In the 
events should contact the Physical Education Ofhce on the 
north side of the gymnasium, or phone X2275 . 

• CJ 

Track team looks 
tough i!!k!k~e field 
It was Tartan track lime for the Triton track team and they 

looked a little more like champions than usual. The UCSD 
squad journeyed on up to UC Irvine , where they compe~ 
Saturday in a track meet. The outcome, 82-60 for them, wasn t 
all too favorable for the horne-towners, but the team did a lot 
better than it seems. The meet was highlighted by three school 
records, as the team was morally lifted by perfonning on the 
artificial track. 

Bill Tong began the record parade. He took first in the triple 
jump at 44-31fl, establishing a new school record. ( ~y pop~lar 
demand from now on more times and distances will be given 
you lucky track fans .) Continuing i~ the field events,. Dave 
Robinson kept on winning with a hne toss of 15~ -11 In hIS 
specialty, the javelin. That was good e~gh for a first. Mark 
Robertson took a first with a put of 43-3, In the shot put event. 
This isn't quite as good as Robertson s~~ld be doing, but it 
was still good enough for the first-place flmsh. . 

To continue their domination in field events, the Tntons 
finished 1-2 in the pole vault event. T0':'1 Philip, having anot~r 
good day vaulted 11~ and finished hrst. Kirk Newell, dOing 
his part f~r the world of track, finished second with a vault of 
1G-3. Also in field events, Kent Strother went over the bar in the 
high jump event at 6-2. He \Ilso took a first to round out 
competition in field events. 

It becomes apparent that the Triton field-event unit had a 
good day. As a matter of fact, you might say they had a great 
day. However, as good a day as the field eventers had , the 
running events suffered twice as much. .' 

Tom Philip, enjoying another good day, took.two firsts m the 
ruMing events. He took a first in the 120 HH With a time of 15.1 
and also in the lOO-yard dash in a time of 10.1 Tom also hmshed 
second in the 22O-yard dash with a time of 22.8. . ' 

Another first-place finish was recorded by Bob Holzmger In 
the 8Sl-yard run. His first place time of 1 :56.3 was also good 
enough to set a record. Thus, Holzinger goes on the books as 
another school record holder . Another record was established 
by Howard Long in the 440. His time of 51.3 was good eno\lgh 
for the record , but unfortunately Long finished third behind 
two Irvine runners. 

Thus the track team is beginning to come around . However, 
they a~ still suffering due to lack of depth . But if this school 
ever had its potential realized, they might have a very good 
track team . 

DR MICHAU DEAN'S HYP-
·NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con-
cent ration , Educational sug· 
gest ions, weight re d uction , 
stop smoking , reloxotion , 
athlet ics, available 01 th e 
UCSO Bookstore. Also Dr. 
O..,n's books, 

~~ ~~S ~\ c' Before buying, let your 
~ ~(J:c Credit Union test your new 
~~~ car's loan interest 

Why Do We Jump to Conclu. 
sjons?, The Closed Mjnd, How 
to lessen Misunderstondings, 
and Underslanding ond Being 
Understood . 

10% 
DISCOUNT 
with this 

ad 

p~rformailce. 
Th,s Simple road ttst con sa •• yoo monty And the 
money you save by I,nane'l" hrough yoor Cr~·t Un"", 
tan also be re.hzed on mc:blt hOmes. trlvel tr,·lers , 
trucks end campers on tr~ks when financed as. 
pert of the vehIcle 
Call today for ,nformauon ibx t Cred,t Un"; Auto 
FtnanCm& and our tree toen prttec.tton Insurance 

L1D~~ 
~hIIT IN UNIVERSITY 80 STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION ',. . INS ........ 1ihwt. " " Ootto, ~ ~ll0 · ...,..1tJ l &lI 

. &l'J.~.-..w hIIo.p foffIfIt2US · ...... .. · 21. 

SI""''11 leadem., and. ""ff empIov_ II UCSD LI Jalrl clmpu, S t 0 Pt Lom •• nd Sin Ysod,o Health Ch, <: 
April 28, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 

.. 

, 

) 



°et Jewry Solidarity Day Sunday 
"SoIid'l"'t~or Soviet Jews" 

.will be arked by a 
community- ide rally in the 
Balboa Park Bowl on Sunday, 
April 30, <i t 2:00 P.M. "The 
humanitarian aspects of the 
riPt to practice one's religion 
and culture, and the right to 
emigrate , transcend the 
religious creed or political 
belief of individual citizens, 
and make freedom for Soviet 
Jews a primary concern for 
everyone who values indiVidual 
liberty," said Gary R. Cantor, 
Chairman of the Community 
Relations Committee. 

The Balboa Park program 
will feature Representative 
Alphonzo Bell , a Republican 
Congressman from Los 
Angeles who participated in the 
House Committee on 
Education 's trip to the Soviet 

Union in January. For his 
communication with Soviet 
Jews and incisive questioning 
of the status of liberty in the 
Soviet Union, Congressman 
Bell was criticized on the front 
page of Izvestia and denounced 
as " subversive" and a tool of 
International Zionist 
Organizations. 

Mayor Pete Wilson of San 
Diego will also speak, and 
spokesmen for various 
religious groups will 
participate. Entertainment 
will also be included in the 
program. 

The rally will be the 
culminating point for the 
"Soviet Jewry Walkathon " 
sponsored by the Jewish 
Student Coalition . The 
Walkathon begins at 9:00 a .m. 
on April 30, and will see 

PIRG drive to begin Mondoy 

bundreds of San Diego youths 
walking up to 15 miles to 
demonstrate their 
identification with Soviet 
Jewry. Man'hers will have 
sponsors who will contribute a 
certain amount of money for 
each mile walked. and all 
proceeds will go to the Israel 
Emergency Fund of the United 
Jewish Federation Campaign, 
to rescue , resettle , and 
rehabilitate Soviet Jewish 
families . 

April 30 will also be the 
climax oi the petition 
campaign urging President 
Nixon to convey to Soviet 
leaders the concern of millions 
of Americans over the inability 
of the Soviet Jewi sh 
community to perpetuate its 
history, culture, and ancient 
religious heritage. 

cODtiDued from page 2 
"self-destruct" clause was put into each 
group 's charter. If at any time more than 50 
per cent of the students on a campus 
demanded a refund the group would 
automatically have to shut down. 

would send representatives, according to the 
size of the school, to a regional coordinating 
body. 

"WHERE WOULD THE MONEY GO?" 
The next question which presented itself was 

how students would be able to decide bow their 
'money would be spent. It seemed fairest to 
have each school create an open board of 
students to determine what was most 
important to the students. Then each campus 

This large body will solve the last concern ; 
manpower to work directly on the problems. It 
would enlist the aid of part-time student 
volunteers and when necessary hire 
" professional citizens" to aid them . 

In the weeks ahead petitions will be 
circulated to find out if a majority of students 
are in favor of joining a San Diego chapter of 
PIRG. Within a month or so the decision will 
be known. 

presents 
THE FLEXIBLE 

DISCOUNT COUPON 
$1.00 off on $5.00 purchase 

$2.00 off on $10.00 purchase 
$3.00 off on $15.00 purchase 

ETCETERA! 
This coupon good for 

on purchase of $5.00 or more 
until June 21, 1972 

. . , or the Summer Solstice 
(whichever comes first) 

Merchandise purchased must be regularly priced . 
No sole items. One coupon per customer. 

5663 Balboa, Clairemont 
1333 Rosecrans, Pt. lorna 

1823 Garnet, Pacific Beach 

Page 6 Triton Times April 28, 1972 

M(Oowell on Christian apologeti(s 
COIIt •• ed Inlll PIle ! 

He really thought be was God 
and was thus a lunatic. In the 
first case he would have been 
an utter fool to die on a cross 
after such a hypocritical, 
deceitful life ; in tbe second 
case, the disciples would have 
been fools to believe Him and 
then themselves go out and die 
for their belie!. " Thus. 
concluded McDowell , only one 
alternative remains .. -Jesus 
was God, just as He said He 
was. 

" Christ's life has been 
compared to Greek mythology, 
but the writers of those myths 
never attributed supernatural 
acts to an actual person they 
knew, as the disciples did to 
Christ," McDowell pointed out. 
,"They were eyewitnesses." 
MANY PROPHECIES 

FULFILLED 
Another factor difficult for 

skeptics to explain away, 
declared McDowell, is the 
tremendous number of Old 
Testament prophecies fulfilled 
in the life of Christ. "Jesus was 
the only one to appeal to ful-
filled prophec y to 
substantiate his claims," he 
brought out. "And this in light 
of the fact that the 
Septuagin t..- the Greek 
translation of the Hebrew Old 
Testament .. - was completed 
by 280 B.C., long before Christ 
lived ." McDowell gave many 
illustrative example s~ 

Going on to the nex t 
stumbling block for skeptics, 
McDowell emphatically 
declared, " If we had more 
people trying to refute the 
Resurrection of Jesus Christ, 
we ' d have a lot more 
Christians! " McDowell cited 
several examples of scholars 
who had deliberately set out to 
refute the Resurrection and 
had failed , becoming 
Christians as a result. "The 

Resurrection of Christ was the 
Greatest testimony and 
motivation of the apostles, he 
noted. 

He ridiculed two theories 
advanced in recent years to 
elplain the fact that the body of 
Jesus has never been 
found .. - the theory that those 
who went to investigate three 
days later "went to the wrong 
tomb, " and the "swoon" 
theory. " How could they miss 
it when everybody knew 
beforehand where Jesus_ was 
buried? Some would have you 
believe that Jesus never really 
died on the cross. but rather 
merely 's wooned .' I 
Supposed it 's feasible if you're 
willing to believe that Jesus 
endured the nails through his 
hands and feet and the spear 
thrust into his side ; that he 
single-handedly rolled away a 
heavy stone and overcame a 
trained Roman guard unit." 
McDowell said he found it hard 
to believe that people could 
still retain a philosophical pre-
supposition against such an 
event. 
McDowell said he found it hard 
to believe that people could 
still retain a philosophical pre-
supposition aga i nst such an 
event. 

"You've also got to explain 
away the transformed lives of 
the apostles and disciples , and 
their subsequent martyrdom," 
he pointed out. "A lot of people 
have died for lies .. - but they 
thought they were the truth . If 
the Resurrection did take 
place, the disciples knew it was 
the truth. If it didn't , they 
would have known it was a 
lie - and yet tbey died. Onc..e 
they were convinced Christ 
was alive , they never denied 
Him again. 

" I don 't think you can explain 
the conversion of Saul of 
Tarsus .. - one of the most 

vebement opponents and 
persecutors of Christians and 
Christianity .. - in any other 
way than that he received a 
personal revelation of Christ on 
tbe road to Damascus," 
McDowell noted. 

The elistence of the Jews 
today, .. - both as a people who 
have maintained their identity 
and also reconstituted 
themselves as an independent 
nation .. -is one of the greatest 
testimonies to the veracity of 
the Scriptures. McDowell 
feels. "Two dispersions, and 
two reconstitutions , are 
forecast in Old Testament 
prophecy. The first dispersion 
took place wh en 
Nebuchadnezzar took the Jews 
into captivity in the Sixth 
Century B.C ... - they returned 
to Judea in the next century. 
The next dispersion was all 
over the world, and the 
prophecy of the second re-
constitution was fulfilled on 
May 15, 1948, with the creation 
of Israel." 

Finally , conclud ed 
McDowell, the testimony of 
ChristiaDs today, in the 
1\yentieth Century, is one of 
the greatest proofs of the 
validity of the Scriptures and of 
the power of Jesus Christ to 
transform people 's lives. " If a 
man came up to you and told 
you that he had an egg behind 
his ear which had transformed 
his life . . - and if his life showed 
it. . -why shouldn 't you believe 
it? In this case, of course, there 
would be no objective reality 
behind the subjectiv e 
elperience of transformation. 
But the factor behind the 
spiritual transformation s 
people are undergoing today is 
precisely the historica l 
elistence and resurrection of 
Jesus Christ . Without this, even 
the psychologists would have a 
hard time elplaining it. " 

iiiilOOlm 
INFORMATION RETRIEVAL SYSTEMS 

sa.95 each 

PAPER / THESIS DECK 
SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED FORWRITlN<i PAPERS OR COMPIL-

ING AND CROSS-INDEXING THE LITERATURE ON ANY SI,IBJECT 

STUDY / REVIEW DECK 
SPECIF ICALL Y DESIGNED FOR TAKING NOTES. CROSS-INDEX. 

lNG, AND REVIEWING INFORMATION IN ANY COURSE OF STUDY. 

RES.EARCH DECK 
SPECIF ICALL Y DESIGNED FOR COMPILING, CORRELA TlNG 

AND ANAL YZING BOTH QUALITATIVE AND OUANTITATIVE DATA 
IN ANY TYPE OF RESEARCH : SCIENCES, HUMANITIES AND ARTS 

COMPONENTS: 200 PUNCHCARDS (5 x 'Inches), 10 CODE 
CARDS, 2 SORTING RODS,INSTRUCTIONS BOOKLET,GUMMED 

CONTENTS LABEL, HOLE REPAIR SHEET, FILE lOX 

AI Decks A,.IIa .... wllll,xl,. c.nls 
It 

".VEISI" IOOIS'OB 

BASEBALL!! 
KSDT SOFTBALLS vs KPRI KRUISERS 

1 PM Sunday, April 30 
UCSD INTERCOLLEGIATE BASEBALL FIELD 

(East of tlte freeway) 
SEE Amazing Feets of Dexterity. 
SEE The Grant Old Game Driven 'nto tile Ground. 
SEE PIIi'ca' fall Down A'o'. 

- Here it is , the first of the $145::' year. You 've got those old Spring-Quarter-Where-Am-I-Going-To-Live?-blues. That place 
you've got now is fall ing 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you 're going to knock him for a couple 

of fru it loops. Is that what's troubling you, Bunky? 
WEll, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A LITTLE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA V1LLAGE_ 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place , it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month. 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie around in the Jacuzz i 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even b_e a friendly 

game of pool in the bill iards room ... for pink slips . 
And when you find your way to your apartment 
after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

IWOcan 
liVe 
as· 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be li ke ... like fully buil t-i n kitchens,' 
terrific bedrooms, carpet ing , drapes, and a 
private patio outside you r door. And , perhaps 
best of all, all of this is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one ... and after all , 
aren't two heads better than one? 

Cafeteria Menu 
Holly Holmes announces that thiS menu will be in effect 

beginning Monday May 1, for Lunch and Dinner at MUIr and 
Revelle cafeterias. 

MAYI 
Hungarian Beef Goulash with 

Buttered Egg oodles 
Chicken Chop Suey with Bam-

boo Shoots and Steamed 
Rice 

Tossed Green Salad - ChOice 
of Dressings Thousand Is-
land , French or 011 & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Corn on the 
Cob, Peas with Pearl 
Onions or Whole Baby Car-
rots 

Grilled Ham Steak with 
Pineapple Sauce 

Roast SirlOin of Beef with 
Mushroom Sauce 

Oven Brown Potatoes or Can-
died Yams 

The above entrees a la carte -
95< 

Tossed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dressings Thousand Is-
land , French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Broccoli with 
cheese sauce Mixed Vegeta-
bles or Lima BeansComplete 
Dinner -$1.25 

MAY2 
Creamed Chicken Tetrazzini 
Beef & Bean Burritos with 

Chili and Topped with 
shredded cheese 

Tossed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dressmgs Thousand Is-
land , French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Cauliflower 
with cheese sauce. String 
Beans paisanno or Buttered 
Spinach with Bacon and 
Chopped Egg 

Grilled Cube Steak with 
Spanish sauce 

Braised Lamb Shanks Fer-
miere 

Au Gratin Potatoe 
The above entree a la carte -

95< 
Tossed Green Salad - Choice 

of Dressings Thousand Is-
la nd , French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered Baby 
Carrots, Corn on the Cob. 
Fresh Zucchinni 

Complete Dinner - $1.25 

MAY 3 
Braised Choice hortribs with 

Buttered Egg Noodles 
Baked Meat Loaf with 

Mushroom sauce 
Tossed Green - Choice of 

Dressings Thousand Island . 
French or Oil & Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered 
Whole Kernel Corn. Brussel 
Sprouts or Lima Beans 

Beef troganoff With Buttered 
Egg oodle 

Grilled Vl!al Cutlet Par -
migiano With Spaghetti 

The above entrees a la carte -
95< 

Tossed Green Salad - ChOice 
of DreSSings Thousand Is-
land , French or 011 & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered 
Spinach with Chopped Egg 
& Onion. String Beans or 
Whole Kernel Corn 

MAY4 
Sloppy Joe on a Bun 
Barbecued Frankfurters with 

Baked Beans 
Tossed Green Salad - Choice 

of Dressings Thousand Is-
land . French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered Baby 
Carrots. Mixed Vegetable 
or New Peas with Pearl 
Onions 

Complete dinner $1.75 
Grilled ChOice New York 

Steak with Bordelaise 
sauce 

Bak ed Potato With sour 
cream & chives 

Hawaiian Chicken With Rice 
Pilaf 

The above entree a la carte -
95< 

Tossed Green Salad - ChOice 
of Ore mg Thou and 1 -
land . French or 011 & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Corr. on the 
Cob. Buttered Baby Carrots 
or Lima Beans 

Complete Dinner - $1.25 

MAY5 
Tuna and Macaronl- au gratin 
Mexican Plate - Taco , 

Enchilada . nce . refned 
beans and salsa sauce 

Tossed Green Salad - Cholc(' 
of Dressings TI' 'usand Is-
land, French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered 
Spinach, String Beans and 
onion or Broccoli with 
cheese sauce 

Baked Sugar Cured Ham with 
Raisin sauce 

Fried Shnmp with Cocktail 
sauce 

French Fries or Mashed 
Sweet Potatoes with 
Marshmallows 

The above entrees a la carte -
95< 

Tossed Green alad - Choice 
of Dre sings Thousand Is-
land . French or Oil 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Peas and 
Pearl Onions. tnng Beans 
Farmer Style or Buttered 
Lima Beans 

Served at both Revelle afetena and MUir Cafeteria 

.,._ t\ ~" . ~ 
. ' \ 

~ I rJ ~ . V 
. I 

,I I 
I :i 

, ";t~ 
I ,r ~'.'- I 
, " .. t 

B iba' s Beauty 
Boutique 

, (.ormerly Pauline's Hairstyl ing) 
Grea, for young people 

Blow dry cuts . hair ~;r.gc. pt.:T.c t r ' ~y: 
lashes. Gypsy culs with na ture curl 
permanence ... 

20 % oH any service with this coupon 
Con .. r of Cass , Diamond, Pacific aea(h "1-0760 

April 28, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



.. 

So iet Jewry Solidarity Day Sunday 
"SoIidarit for Soviet Jews" 

. will be marked by a 
communitj-wide rally in the 
Balboa Park Bowl on Sunday, 
April 30, ,It 2:00 P.M. "The 
bumanitar ,aft aspects of the 
right to practice one's religion 
and culture, and the right to 
emigrate , transcend the 
religious creed or political 
belief of individual citizens, 
and make freedom for Soviet 
Jews a primary concern for 
everyone who values indiVidual 
liberty ," said Gary R. Cantor, 
Chairman of the Community 
Relations Committee. 

The Balboa Park program 
will feature Representative 
Alphonzo Bell , a Republican 
Congressman from Los 
Angeles who participated in the 
House Committee on 
Education 's trip to the Soviet 

Union in January. For his 
communication with Soviet 
Jews and incisive questioning 
of the status of liberty in the 
Soviet Union, Congressman 
Bell was criticized on the front 
page of Izvestia and denounced 
as " subversive" and a tool of 
International Zionist 
Organizations. 

Mayor Pete Wilson of San 
Diego will also speak, and 
spokesmen for various 
religious groups will 
participate. Entertainment 
will also be incl uded in the 
program. 

The rally will be the 
culminating point for the 
"Soviet Jewry Walkathon" 
sponsored by the Jewish 
Student Coalition . The 
Walkathon begins at 9:00 a.m. 
on April 30, and will see 

PIRG drive to begin Monday 

hundreds oC San Diego youths 
walking up to 15 miles to 
demonstrate their 
identification with Soviet 
Jewry. MRrchers will have 
sponsors who will contribute a 
certain amount of money for 
each mile walked, and all 
proceeds will go to the Israel 
Emergency Fund of the United 
Jewish Federation Campaign, 
to rescue , resettle , and 
rehabilitate Soviet J ewish 
families . 

April 30 will also be the 
climax of the petition 
campaign urging President 
Nixon to convey to Soviet 
leaders the concern of millions 
of Americans over the inability 
of the Soviet Jewish 
community to perpetuate its 
history, culture, and ancient 
religious heritage. 

cO.lilaed from page 2 
"self-<lestruct" clause was put into each 
group's charter. If at any time more than 50 
per cent of the students on a campus 
demanded a refund the group would 
automatically have to shut down. 

would send representatives, according to the 
size of the school , to a regional coordinating 
body. 

"WHERE WOULD THE MONEY GO?" 
The next question which presented itself was 

how students would be able to decide bow their 
money would be spent. It seemed fairest to 
have each school create an open board of 
students to determine what was most 
important to the students. Then each campus 

This large body will solve the last conc~rn ; 
manpower to work directly on the problems. It 
would enlist the aid of part-time student 
volunteers and when necessary hire 
"professional citizens" to aid them. 

In the weeks ahead petitions will be 
circulated to find out if a majority of students 
are in favor of joining a San Diego chapter of 
PffiG . Within a month or so the decision will 
be known. 

presents 
THE FLEXIBLE 

DISCOUNT COUPON 
$1.00 off on $5.00 purchase 

$2.00 off on $10.00 purchase 
$3.00 off on $15.00 purchase 

ETCETERA! 
This coupon good for 

on purchase of $5.00 or more 
until June 21,1972 

, .. or the Summer Solstice 
(whichever comes first) 

Merchandise purchased must be regularly priced . 
Na sale items . One cou pon per customer. 

5663 8alboa, Clairemont 
1 333 Rosecran 5, Pt. lorna 

1823 Garnet, Pacific Beach 

Page 6 Triton Times April 28, 1972 

McDowell on Christian apologetics 
... IMed from,..t! 

He really thought be was God 
and was thus a lunatic. In the 
rirst case be would have been 
an utter fool to die on a cross 
after such a hypocritical, 
deceiUul life; in the second 
case, the disciples would have 
been fools to believe Him and 
then themselves go out and die 
for tbeir belief. " Thus. 
concluded McDowell , only one 
alternative remains . . - Jesus 
was God, just as He said He 
was. 

"Christ's life has been 
compared to Greek mythology, 
but the writers of those myths 
never attributed supernatural 
acts to an actual person they 
knew, as the disciples did to 
Christ, " McDowell pointed out. 
,"·They were eyewitnesses." 
MANY PROPHECIES 

FULFILLED 
Another factor difficult for 

skeptics to explain away. 
declared McDowell, is the 
tremendous number of Old 
Testament prophecies fulfilled 
in the life of Christ. "Jesus was 
the only one to appeal to ful-
filled prophecy to 
substantiate his claims, " he 
brought out. "And this in light 
of the fact that the 
Septuagint .. - the Greek 
translation of the Hebrew Old 
Testament. .-was completed 
by 280 B.C., long before Christ 
lived." McDowell gave many 
illustrative examples~ 

Going on to the next 
stumbling block for skeptics, 
McDowell emphatically 
declared , " If we had more 
people trying to refute the 
Resurrection of Jesus Christ, 
we 'd have a lot more 
Cbristians!" McDowell cited 
several examples of scholars 
who had deliberately set out to 
refute the Resurrection and 
had failed , becoming 
Christians as a result. "The 

Resurrection oC Christ was the 
Greatest testimony and 
motivation oC the apostles, be 
noted. 

He ridiculed two theories 
advanced in recent years to 
explain the Cact that the body of 
Jesus bas never been 
found .. - the theory that those 
who went to investigate three 
days later " went to the wrong 
tomb," and the "swoon" 
theory. "How could they miss 
it when everybody knew 
beforehand where Jesus. was 
buried? Some would have you 
believe that Jesus never really 
died on the cross, but rather 
merely ' swooned .' I 
Supposed it's feasible if you 're 
willing to believe that Jesus 
endured the nails through his 
hands and feet and the spear 
thrust into his side ; that he 
single-handedly rolled away a 
heavy stone and overcame a 
trained Roman guard unit. " 
McDowell said he found it hard 
to believe that people could 
still retain a philosophical pre-
supposition aga inst such an 
event. 
McDowell said he found it hard 
to believe that people could 
still retain a philosophical pre-
supposition against such an 
event. 

" You've also got to explain 
away the transformed lives of 
the apostles and disciples, and 
their subsequent martyrdom," 
he pointed out. .. A lot of people 
have died for lies .. -but they 
thought they were the truth . If 
the Resurrection did take 
place, the dlKlples knew it was 
the truth. If it didn't, they 
would have known it was a 
lie - and yet they died. On~e 
they were convinced Christ 
was alive, they never denied 
Him again. 

" I don 't think you can explain 
the conversion of Saul of 
Tarsus .. -{)ne of tbe most 

vehement opponents and 
persecutors of Christians and 
Christianity .. -in any other 
way than tbat be received a 
personal revelation oC Christ on 
the road to Damascus," 
McDowell noted. 

The existence of the Jews 
today, .. - both as a people who 
have maintained their identity 
and also reconstituted 
themselves as an independent 
nation .. -is one of the greatest 
testimonies to the veracity of 
the Scriptures, McDowell 
feels . "Two dispersions, and 
two reconstitutions , are 
forecast in Old Testament 
prophecy. The first dispersion 
took place when 
Nebuchadnezzar took the Jews 
into captivity in the Sixth 
Century B.C .. . - they returned 
to Judea in the next century. 
The next dispersion was all 
over the world , and the 
prophecy of the second re-
constitution was fulfilled on 
May 15, 1948, with the creation 
of Israel. " 

Finally , conclud ed 
McDowell, the testimony of 
ChristiaDs today, in the 
T\yentielh Century, is one of 
the greatest proofs of the 
validity of the Scriptures and of 
the power of Jesus Christ to 
transform people's lives. " If a 
man came up to you and told 
you that he had an egg behind 
his ear which had transformed 
his life .. - and if his life showed 
it. .-why shouldn 't you believe 
it? In this case, of course, there 
would be no objective reality 
behind the subjective 
experience of transformation. 
But the factor beh i nd the 
spiritual transformations 
people are undergoing today is 
precisely the historical 
existence and resurrection of 
Jesus Christ. Without this, even 
the psychologists would have a 
hanl time explaining it. " 

iiiilooD 
INFORMATION RETRIEVAL SYSTEMS 

.- ". // ;ZJ 
S8.95 each 

PAPER / THESIS DECK 
SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED FOR WRITING PAPERS OR COMPIL. 

ING AND CROSS-INDEXING THE LITERATURE ON ANY SI,IBJECT 

STUDY / REVIEW DECK 
SPECIFICALL Y DESIGNED FOR UKING NOTES, CROSS-INDEX-

ING, AND REVIEWING INFORMATION IN ANY COURSE OF STUDY. 

RESEARCH DECK 
SPECIF ICAl l Y DESIGNED FOR COMPILING, CORRELATING 

AND ANAL YlING BOTH QUALITATIVE AND OUANTITATIVE DATA 
IN ANY TYPE OF RESEARCH : SCIENCES, HUMANITIES AND ARTS 

COMPONENTS: 200 PUNCHCARDS 15 x e Indies ), 10 CODE 
CARD~, 2 SORTING RODS,INSTRUCTIONS BOOKlET,GUMMED 

CONTENTS LABEL, HOLE REPAIR SHEET. FILE lOX 

AI hells 1,.llallie wl,lIel'ra canis 
.. 

UIIVIISln 100lSTOII 

, .... 
LAA. ------- •• --•••• -.------

L ••••• 
, .... 

BASEBALL!! 
KSDT SOFTBALLS vs KPRI KRUISERS 

1 PM Sunday, April 30 
UCSD INTERCOLLEGIATE BASEBALL fIELD 

(East of tile freeway) 
SEE Amazing fee's of Dexteri'y. 
SEE Tlte Gran' Old Game Driven 'n'o 'lte Ground. 
SEE Plti'c,,' F"II Down Alo'. 

I 

. ....... ~ , ................. ...: 

$1'"""45=' r;i~· ~~p~r~ '?i_~~~ta~~ti~; Where-Am-I-Going-To-Live?-blues. That place 
you 've got now is falling 

apart at the beams. If you have to listen to 
that tap dancing clown upstairs for one more 
night, you're going to knock him for a couple 

of fruit loops. Is that what's troubling you , Bunky? 
WELL, STEP RIGHT UP SON, GET YOURSELF 

A ROOMMATE AND RENT YOURSELF A UrnE 
PEACE OF MIND AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE, 

Look at it this way: If you and a friend go in on a 
place, it'll cost you as little as $72.50 a month . 
The money you're paying for the dive you're 

living in now can buy you a little more 
happiness and a whole lot more 

comfort and convenience. 
It's the little things. Like two huge swimming pools. 

Or, maybe you'd like to lie around in the Jacuzzi 
until your body turns to jelly. It might even b_e a friendly 

game of pool in the billiards room .. . for pink slips. 
And when you find your way to your apartment 

after an evening in the fireside lounge, you 're 

liVe 
as· 

can 

..... 

going to find out what an apartment should 
really be like ... Ii ke fully built-in kitchens: 
terrific bedrooms, carpeting , drapes, and a 
private patio outside your door. And , p~rhaps 
best of all , all of th is is less than five minutes 
from campus. 
So you see, two really can live as cheaply 
and as extravagantly as one ... and after all , 
aren't two heads better than one? 

.... _ .............. UCID ... _allft....,. "-.. (114)4IH141. 

Cafeteria Menu 
Holly Holmes announces that this menu will be in effect 

beginning Monday May 1, for Lunch and Dinner at MUir and 
Revelle cafeterias. 

MAY I 
Hungarian Beef Goulash with 

Buttered Egg Noodles 
Chicken Chop Suey with Bam-

boo Shoots a nd Steamed 
Rice 

Tossed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dressings Thousand Is-
land , Frenc h or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Corn on the 
Cob , Peas with Pearl 
Onions or Whole Baby Car-
rots 

Grilled Ham Steak with 
Pineapple Sauce 

Roast Sirloin of Beef with 
Mushroom Sauce 

Oven Brown Potatoes or Can-
died Yams 

The above entrees a la carte -
95' 

Tossed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dressings Thousand is· 
land , French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Broccoli with 
cheese sauce MIXed Vegeta-
bles or Lima BeansComplete 
Dinner - $1.25 

MAY2 
Creamed Chicken Tetrazzinl 
Beef & Bean Burnto with 

Chili and Topped with 
shredded cheese 

Tossed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dre sings Thousand is-
land , French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Cauliflower 
with cheese sauce, String 
Beans paisanno or Buttered 
Spinach wi th Bacon and 
Chopped Egg 

Grilled Cube Steak with 
Spanish sauce 

Braised Lamb Sha nks Fer-
miere 

Au Gratin Potatoes 
The above entrees a la carte -

95, 
Tossed Green Salad · Choice 

of Dressings Thousand is-
land , French or 011 & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered Baby 
Carrots. Corn on the Cob. 
Fresh Zucchinni 

Complete Dinner - $1.25 

MAY 3 
Braised ChOice hortrib with 

Buttered Egg Noodles 
Baked Meat Loaf with 

Mushroom sauce 
Tossed Green - ChOice of 

Ores ings Thou and Island . 
French or Oil & Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered 
Whole Kernel Corn, Brussel 
Sprouts or Lima Beans 

Beef troganoff with Buttered 
Egg Noodles 

Grilled Veal Cutlet Par-
migiano with Spaghetti 

The above entrees a la carte -
95' 

Tossed Green Salad - ChOice 
of DreSSings Thousand Is-
land , French or 011 & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered 
Spinach with Chopped Egg 
& Onion, String Beans or 
Whole Kernel Corn 

MAY4 
Sloppy Joe on a Bun 
Barbecued Frankfurters With 

Baked Beans 
Tossed Green Salad - Choice 

of Dressings Thousand is-
land , Fren ch or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One - Buttered Baby 
Carrots , Mixed Vegetables 
or ell' Peas with Pea rl 
Onions 

Complete dmner Sl.75 
Grilled Choice New York 

Steak With Bordelai e 
sauce 

Baked Potato with sour 
cream & chives 

Hawaiian Chicken With Rice 
Pilaf 

The above entree a la carte -
95 ' 

Tos ed Green Salad - Choice 
of Dressing Thou and Is-
land, French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

ChoicE' of One - Corn on the 
Cob. Buttered Baby Carrols 
or Lima Beans 

Complete Dinner - $1.25 

MAYS 
Tuna and Macaroni - au gratin 
Mexi c an Plate - Ta co. 

Enchilada , rice. refried 
beans and salsa sauce 

Tossed Green Salad - ChOice 
of DreSSings Tr ' usand I -
land . French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One . Buttered 
Spinach , String Beans and 
onions or Broccoli With 
cheese sauce 

Baked ugar Cured Ham with 
Raisin sauce 

Fried Shrimp with Cocktail 
sauce 

Frenc h Fries or Ma shed 
Sweet Potatoes With 
Marshmallows 

The above entrees a la carte -
95, 

Tossed Green alad - ChOice 
of Dressings Thousand I -
land . French or Oil & 
Vinegar 

Choice of One . Pea and 
Pearl Omons, tnng Beans 
Farmer Style or Buttered 
Lima Beans 

Served at both Revelle Cafetena and MUir Cafetena 

Biba's Beauty 
Boutique 

Blow dry cuts, hair ;;'' \It: , pt"' I,u flelil "to! 
laShes , Gypsy cuts with na ture curl 
permanence ... 

20 % oft Iny service witt. tt.is coupon 
C.rMr of CISS , Diamond, Pacific BlOch 418·0760 

April 28, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 

• 




