
15,000 Protest War 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

From 15,000 to 20,000 people marched 
peacefully through Wilshire Blvd., in the city 
of Los AIIIeles, last Saturday, April 22 to 
culminate a week long protest in the streets 
against Nixon's bombinc of North Vietnam. 
Closely watched by police, the demonstrators, 
headed by the Chicano Contilllent, be«an the 
long marcb from Crenshaw Blvd. at 11:00 in 
the morning and entered MacArthur Park and 
listened to a spectrum of political speakers 
and entertainers. 

Wilshire Blvd. was inundated with thousands 
of people as they marched and shouted such 
slogans is, "Jobs not Bombs," "Self-
Determination for the Vietnamese," and 
"Victory to the NLF." Near MacArthur Park, 
on the westside, over 50 Nazi members in 
uniform were well guarded by a squad of 
LAPD. The Nazis were confronted by 
members of the Jewish Defense League and 
two of them were arrested while the police 
escorted the Nazis south of the park. 

Raul Ruiz, member of La Raza Unida Party 
and spokesman for the Chicano Contingent, 

spoke before the assembled rally and cited the 
reason wby Chicanos opposed the war. "We 
made up I) % of the death rate in Vietnam, 
while at borne we live in destitution, " 
shouted Ruiz. "In Belen, Texas, 40% of the 
youth were sacrificed to the War Machine," he 
further added. 

Next to speak was Anutony Russo, co-
defender with Daniel Elsworth in the 
p ..... Papen, wbo will be going to court 
this coming June. According to Russo, there is 
only one Vietnam and he cited the Geneva 
Accords of 111M to back up his statement. He 
argued, "The idea of protecting Democracy in 
Vietnam is a lie, nothing but a lie." 

Russo called today's 8-52's as "the gas 
chambers of the Century." 

The next speaker was a member of the 
Asian Contingent, Ms. Embry. She mentioned 
"Asian people's hard learned lesson" during 
World War II, and their imprisonment in the 
Mansanar Detention Camps. Ms. Embry 
culminated her speech by saying of the 
Vietnamization Program: "Vietnamization 

March • Los Angeles 
perpetuates the myth that Asian life is cheap, 
therefore expendable. " 

The above speech was followed by pledges 
fClr the Anti-War Movement, presided over by 
a Professor Starsky, in which over $2,000 were 
collected for the National Peace Action 
Coalition. One donor gave $1,000. 

Ms, Wilma Jenns, presidential candidate, 
spoke in behalf of tbe Socialist Workers Party. 
She charged, "Our enemy sleeps in the White 
House. Our enemy is the Pentagon. Our enemy 
is Big Business. " She ended her speech by 
saying : " The real Americans are out in the 
streets. " 

Carol Feraci , the actress who when 
entertaining the White House members, 
including Nixon, pulled out a flag which said 
"End the War," pointed out that the U.S. 
had dropped over 3,000,000 tons of bombs in 
Vietnam and added, "You can't quell the 
human Spirit. " 

A handicapped member of the Vietnam 
Veterans Against the War spoke in behalf of 
the G.I. 's and Vets. He talked about the 

e 

1 

Veteran's efforts in ending the War and called 
Nixon "the most insane bomber of all time." 

Then came Bobby Seale, Chairman of the 
Black Panther Party, who spoke on the need 
for a "People's ·Humane Revolution." Seale 
emphasized the need in this country to carry 
out a " righteous scientific revolution", one 
that would differ from that of Russia , China 
and Cuba. His speech was met with loud 
applause and a standing ovation. He stated 
how revolutionaries must save the earth, the 
trees, humanity, babies and children from 
world exploiters. 

Other speakers at the event were a 
member of the Lesbian's Contingent, a 
member of the United Woman's Contingent, a 
member of the Orange County Contingent, a 
member of the Anti-Imperialist Contingent, a 
member of the Billy Dean Smith Defense 
Committee, a member of the Gay Liberation 
Movement, a member of the Armenian 
Contingent. and the Rev. Ralph Abernathy. 

Phill Ocks and Lean Chandler entertained 
the rally participants. 

Vol,. 16, ".", .. , , .".'S;fy ., Cal"ornia, San Diet. r •• sllay, Apri'2S, 1912 

Five Arrested At 11 th Naval District Headquarters 

The San Diego Convention Coalition, a group opposed to the 
San Diego location for the August G.O.P. Convention, held non-
violent demonstrations at the Royal Inn and the Headquarters 
of the 11th Naval District - U.S. Naval Supply Center Friday in 
the wake of the stepped up bombings of North and South 
Vietnam. The Royal 1M is the G.O.P.'s headquarters for the 
Convention. 

The protest, which had been publicized throughout the city, 
drew about 200 people to downtown San Diego. The event 
resulted in the arrest of five Vietnam veterans. members of 
the Vietnam Veterans Against the War. 

llESEllV[ 
(~OMM A IDIItC 

OFFICE,t 
~S LET 

--~..,.. 

Skip Swaley. spokesman for the VV A W. be8.an the 
demonstration bv reading a proclamation to the gathermg. The 
proclamation stated that those turning themselves in (VV A W 
members) were guilty of violating the Geneva Convention : 
that the crimes committed in Vietnam were analogou to those 
tfled in the famous NuremberR Trials. Amon!! the war crimes 
ci ted were bombing of human beings. aidmg in the. bombings. 
torture. mistreatment of POW's and acts of aggression. 

Swaley stated that with this proclamation we declare our 
honest intention to turn ourselves in to the civil authorities. 

Later in the afternoon, the proclamation was read again in 
front of the 11th Naval District Headquarters. While waiting 
for a reply from the Naval authorities, the group of 13 Vietnam 
veterans were informed by members of the San Diego Police 

Department that they were in violation of U.S. Code, Title SO, 
Sec. 7977, and were ordered to disperse. (The U.S. Code 
prohibits demonstrations of this kind on Federal military 
Reservations or near Armed Forces buildings.) Eight of the 
veterans decided to leave, however five remained and were 
arrested by the SDPD. 

Those arrested were Donald Hayden, 7:1 , a layout artist, a 
former Navy officer and a member of Non-Violent Action : 
Winslow Pack, 24, a writer and a former officer in the Air 
Force who worked in intelligence and electronic war 
preparation : John Kent, 25. a graduate from Indianapolis 
University. a former lieutenant in the Navy and a member of 

Cal PIRG Organized 
Rick Drom 

Last Wednesday a group of 
students and faculty met to 
organize ·UCSD·s entry into a 
Public Interest Research 
Group . They elected a 
chairman for both publicity and 
petition committees. Steve 
Brault. freshman at Revelle. 
was selected to be in charge of 
publicity for the new group. It 
will be his job to coordinate the 
dissemination of information 
about UCSD's participation in a 
PIRG. 

In addition the group elected 
the chairman of a committee to 
circulate possible petitions in 
support of a PIRG. It is hoped 
that through uch a petition 

UCSD will commit itself to aid 
this consumer group. 

Jim Beckley. dean at Muir 
College. gave his support and 
aid to the group by offering the 
Muir "fishbowl " as the 
headquarters of the group. The 
" fishbowl " is a glass-walled 
room below the Muir Cafeteria. 
The room will be a focal point 
to coordinate the efforts of this 
group. 

As Beckley stated. 'This is a 
very fine program which 
deserves substantial support 
from the tudent . faculty and 
staff. This ought not be just a 
student prO«fam ; staff, and 
faculty are encouraged to 
become involved m it. .. 

NV A; Nick Corrales, 18, a welder who served in the Navy ; and 
Norman Bleir, 'll , a graduate of Tulane University, a former 
officer in the Navy and a member of NVA . 

After the arrests, the remaining crowd dispersed peacefully. 

Photos by Michael Sesmo 

Revelle Elections May 3, 4 
The Committee on College Affair of Revelle College has 

rescheduled elections for May 3rd and 4th, 1972. Any student 
registered in Revelle College alld m good standing 
academically , i eligIble to run for office Th position up for 
election are : 

1. The Committee on College Affa ir Nith IX (6) po Itions to 
be filled by students. 

2. The Revelle College Executive ommltte with two (2) 
positions to be filled by tudents. 

To become a candidate for either of th ommittees one 
must 'collect the name of t\liI..'llrri~t! it ~cil · lIlUt:IIL:!> ... i,v 
support his /her candidacy for office. Petition are avallabl in 
the Provost's Office and mu t be completed and returned to the 
College Dean, Tom Hull , by Friday, Apfll28. 1912, at 5 p.m. 

Vo!.mg will take place on May 3, and 4, 1972. ID the Rev lle 
Plaza from 9 a.m to 4 P m. an(hdate Will be listed on ttl 
ballot in alphabetical order 

For addltionalmformatlOn, contact Tom Hull , olleg Dean 

, 

) 



Tom Hayden at UCSD 
Tom Hayden , former SDS leader, and Peter Bohmer, 

controversial San Diego State University professor , will 
conduct a teach-in on the Vietnam war at UCSD. The teach-in, 
dealing specifically with the air war, will begin at 8:30 p.m., 
tomorrow in USB 2722. 

Hayden will present an educational slide show with his talk 
while Bohmer will update and try to clarify the current status 
of the case. A question and answer period will be held after the 
presentation. 

ZPG "Pill" Drawing 
Zero Population Growth of San Diego suggests the perfect 

gift for the responsible mother--a year 's supply of the " pill :" 
Mother's Day is Sunday, May 14, 1972. On that day , ZPG Will 
give away the pill in a drawing to be held in Balboa Park. 

This is the second annual drawing for the conscientious 
Mother who desires to plan her family for two or less children. 
Any woman is eligible for winning the prize, regardless of 
marital status or number of children. The lucky wmner of the 
drawing may choose the pharmicist of her choice for the free 
subscription of a one-year supply of the contraceptive. Tickets 
may be obtained at the ZPG office, 4536 Park Blvd. for only a 
$1.00 donation. Phone 291-4650 

Relief I s On The Way 
Relief is on the way for veterans who now must sweat out 

lengthy delays in the start-up of their G.1. educational 
allowances, reports Rep. Lionel Van Deerlin, D-San Diego. 

Legislation now moving through Congress would specifically 
authoflze, for the fir t time. advance payment of up to two 
months of the stipend as soon as an eligible vet could show 
proof of college enrollment. 

The bill , which also would increase V.A. educational 
allowances an average of 14 per cent. was approved-by the 
Hou e last month and is now awaiting action by the Senate 
Committee on Veterans Affairs . 

" The basic principle of advanre payments has already been 
firmly established by the House-approved bill , by language in 
the legislation before the Senate, and by the blessings which 
the Administration has given this concept," Van Deerlin said. 

lead Ban Requested 
The National Wildlife Federation has requested that the 

Secretary of the Interior ban the use of lead shot in hunting 
waterfowl and its use on some federal lands by the 1973-74 
hunting season. An estimated two to three million waterfowl 
die of lead shot poisoning each year in the u.s. 

In an April 17 petition to Secretary Rogers C.B. Morton , 
Federation Executive Vice President Thomas Kimball asked 
that a ban on the use of the controversial lead shot be issued 
immediately, to become fully effective by the 1973-74 
waterfowl hunting season. Morlon was urged to issue 
regulat ions prohibiting " the use of lead shot in hunti."g 
waterfowl and its use on federal lands under (ntenor 
Department jurisdiction where waterfowl are likely to ingest 
it" . "Unless you act promptly," Kimball said, "lead shot 
poisoning will continue to take a needless toll of millions of 
waterfowl each year ." 

Summer Jobs In Europe 
There is a paying job in Europe available to any college 

student willing to work . Most of the jobs are in resorts . hotels , 
restaurants . fac tories. offices and shops in Switzerland , 
France. Germany. England . Italy and Spain , Standard ~ages 
are always paid and free room and board are usually prOVided. 

Student Over eas Services. a Luxembourg student 
organization. will obtain the job. work permit. visa. and any 
other necessa ry working papers for any college student who 
applies . 

Inte rested students may obtain the SOS Handbook on earning 
a trip to Europe which includes the initial job application for.m. 
job I!stlngs and descnptions . and a breakdown of the brief Job 
oriel. tation in Europe by send ing their name . add ress. 
edue atlonal institution and $1 (for addreSSing. handling and 
postlge) to SO ·Student Overseas ervlces. Box 5173. Santa 
Bar'la ra . California 93108 . Applications should be submitted 
earl \' enough to allow SOS ample time to obtain the work 
permits and other necessary working papers. 

QualifiedWomen look Here 
U ~ j) Women note that as part of a tentative Affirmative 

Act on Plan . the Office of the oordinator of Academic 
Penonnel. Bldg. 109 Mathews Campus. has been designated as 
ace lIectlOn agency for vltas of females qualified for academiC 
pos tlons at UCSD. 

Vita received here Will be forwarded to the relevant 
department : presumably a copy Will be retained so that there 
will be some check on departmental considera tions and action . 

All women seektng faculty pOSitions in this area should send 
their vitas m. marked "Attention : Paul Saltman" Idesignated 
overseer of Affirmative ActIOn for Faculty) Also. send a copy 
to UCSD Worn n. clo Allana Elovson In office 3570 2C prime. 0 
that II' get an Idea of the pool of qualified women in this area 
and so thai we can check on the Unl vers lty 's use of th se vitas , 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, April 25, 1972 

SO collegiate religious survey 
Linda Geddes 

At one time or another during the past year, you may have 
been confronted by a fellow student asking your cooperation in 
taking the SAN DIEGO COLLEGIATE RELIGIOUS 
SURVEY. You may have told this person to get lost, or you 
may have consented to contribute your opinions. If you did the 
latter, you may have wondered what ever became of the 
survey you filled out . Well , I can assure you that it was not 
thrown into the nearest trash can or stuffed into a desk to be 
forgotten , but has now been added to the surveys taken by 
other students and compiled to bring the following results . 

First of all , 65 per cent of these students are members of a 
church or other religious organization ranging from Catholic to 
Jewish. About half of the remaining were never affiliated with 
a religious group. while the other. half had once been, but no 
longer. 

When asked to articulate their philosophy of life. 45 per cent 
stated they had a definite philosophy ; 43 per cent had a vague 
philosophy ; and the rest admitted to having none whatsoever . 
(One person. interestingly enough, admitted to having a vague 
philosophy of life, but added that it was "c1ear"!) In turn, 

these students were asked how often they lived according to 
their philosophy of life. Thirty-three per cent virtuously stated 
that they follow it at all times. M per cent followed it most of 
the time and the remaining 13 per cent claimed to follow their 
phi!osophy of life about half of the time. 

A question asked the students their opinion on the basic 
problem of man. There were many answers to this question , 
but the most prominent were self-centeredness (29% ), 
intolerance (8% ) and sin (8% ). The students ' answers showed 
that the large majority feels that man 's basic problem is one 
that must be resolved in each individual on his own before he 
can get together with anyone else to solve the resulting 
problems of war, environment, etc . Four per cent feel that 
there is no basic problem of man. 

In linking the former questions with the latter question , the 
students were asked if their philosophy of life included a 
solution for the basic problem of man. Fifty per cent said , 
"yes"; 41 per cent said , " no" ; 3 per cent said that their 
solution was a personal and individual basis only and the 
remaining 6 per cent had answers of "sort of ," "sometimes," 
or " there just ain 't no solution." 

Undergraduate fellowship program 
A notice went out to all department 

heads and faculty members this week 
announcing the 1972-73 President's 
Und e rgr aduate Fellowship 
Competition . The program , designed to 
assist unusuall y talented 
undergraduate students, enables them 
to carry out special studies and 
projects under faculty supervision 
during term time and/or vacations. 
Such projects may include research 
andlor other creat ive activities . 

Committee for the 1971-72 academic 
year . supplies , legitimate traveling expenses. non-term living expenses 

while engaged in the project , and loss 
of employment income as a direct 
result of the project. It is expected that 
the fellow will submit periodic reports 
of funds used during the year. 

The guidelines to be employed in the 
administration of the program are as 
follows ' 

1- The program is open to the 
Freshman. Sophomore , and Junior 
students only . 5- Chancellor McElroy. acting with 

the advice of the Faculty Committee 
on Undergraduate Scholarships, and 
Prizes will select the recipients by the 
end of June. 1972. 

2- The subject matter may. but 

The President's Undergraduate 
Fellowship Program has grown in 
popularity among our stodents since it 
was first offered by our University 
Pres ident in 1967, and the competition 
is keen . Over 60 applications were 
received by the UCSD Scholarship 

need not be. related to the student s 
major course of study, minor field of 
study, or other course work. However. 
the project must be work above and 
beyond the normal course of study. 

Project proposals and accompanying 
letters from faculty sponsors must be 
submitted to the Financia l Aids Office, 
213 MC, by May l~, It7z, 

3- The Award IS for one year and is 
not renewable. 

4- The stipend will be based upon The Announcement and Application 
Form are available at all department 
office and the Financial Aids Office 

need Idetermined by the project cost) . 
This cost may include materials and 

Ex-Chancellor York to debate on defense 
Dr. Herbert York , former 

chance llor of UCSD, has 
agreed to debate Dr. Stefan 
Possony on the subject of 
national defense. The debate, 
on the formal top ic " Should the 
U.S. Rearm or Disarm?", will 
be held on campus, and is to be 
sponsored by the UCSD Law 
and Forensics Society . 

Dr. York , a phys icist 
considered by many to be one 
of the nation 's foremost 
experts on the arms race , will 
be speaking in favor of 
disarmament. His oppon')nt, 
Stefan Possony , is a senior 
fellow at Stanford 's Hoover 
Institute on War , Revolution 
and Peace and a renowned 
military strategist. Kevin 

Olson . moderator of the 
debate. said that it has been 
tentavively scheduled fo r May 
18, at 8 p. m. in the Humanities-
Library Auditorium of Revelle . 
Asked if he expected any 
disturbances similar to those at 
the previous debate on the right 
to abortion , Olson said 
"probably not. 

Olson said that the debate 
will follow the same format as 
the previous ones, and 
emPhasized that there will be a 
question-and-answer period 
afterwards : " People will 
realize , hopefully, that this 
debate is an intellectual 

exerci~ intended to present 
both sides of a controversial 
issue, and is totally removed 
from any sort of political 

'1 ?'''' 418·335' 
CIMEMALEO 
944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92109 

Gr .. at llo\ I .. s 
'Jo ... ' ·iflh.: .lI." T ." " ·1 R' (' 932 ) 

Greta Garbo Lionel Barrymore 
7;00 & II ;00 Co-Hit 
FOL'£SB£RGf~Rf; (.9:J,'i) 

Maurice Chevalier Merle Oberon 
9;00 

STARTS SAT 4 /21 
B." Ie" CIT 

Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi 
7;00 & 10;00 

TilE LlGIIT Til IT f ' UU;IJ 
MOII.-Th. 7 &1:30 3:30 fri. ' SII. 7, 1:30' 1 .. 00 

SoIIMIa. 
A.ission S 1.50 M.ti_ 3:30 & 5:00 b •. 7 , . : 

purpose. Though this particular An y 0 n e in t ere s ted in 
topic may appeal more to the sponsoring or participating in 
science - and - technology - ori- future debates , or joining the 
ented students, I welcome L&F, is urged to contact him at 
all creeds and convictions." 453-9057 . 

TT editors selected 
Camy Sharick was elected to 

be the next editor of the 
TRITON TIMES last Friday . 
The elections, held every 
spring to elect the next year's 
editors, also picked Il other 
people. Dave Buchbinder will 
be next year 's managing 
editor. Carrie Rickey, nelt 
year's city editor, will be 
assisted by three associate city 
editors ; Tommy Calimee , 
Rick Drom and Milt'! Seama. 
The copy editor will again be 
Chuck Graham, but Debbie 

Montgomery will take over the 
position after Fall Quarter, 
when Graham will graduate. 

The sports editor, editorial 
director and photo editor were 
all re-elected to serve next 
year. They are , respectively , 
Mike Rath, Mark Siegel and 
Joe Eastern. Mike Green will 
be next year 's business 
manager in charge of 
advertising. The arts editor for 
nelt year will be Tom 
Lindberg. 

Levis - A-I - Male 

" '" '3 Q. 
E 

BODY KOVERS 
,Itt hs, s",dion ilt No. (OInfy 
1k=~;;j·;;I'I;;n .... " ... uUU4h4 
1448 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar 
755-3557 

Love \ n' Stuff - Tops 

BEST PICTURE 
OFTHEYEARI 

-H.tion.' 8G1rd of R,vi,,, 

l • .",.. .. "'""'" I~a IW.,.I"" .... · .... 

Ibnan PoIanMi. 
Nmol 

MACBETH 
_~ .... f .. tI . f,.,.-"" .I I\""""' ·.""'"lf\~ 

... •• _~ ~ PIJIonoki .-< Ktnndh 'JionM 
........ ""'" \\\I.am ~are 

t ..... -. I ...... ' 'f Hugh M. Htdrwr 
11It\ ... . ~'I .. Atmw 8tauMherg 

........ " .. ~~ 
Mwo.I, flwnwdf""~I~._~I ... 1.~INJl1 (11 

EXCLUSIVE 
IIGAGEMIIT 

- - -- - -- --- ~----~~ -~-~- - -- --- - -- --- -- ----------------r- -====- _______ _ _ _ __ __ _ _ ___ ~ __________ ~ ______ ~ _______________________ ~ 

The Flag 
Came-Down 

A Shorl Story 
by 

David Buchbinder 

The flag came down. There wa s nothing 
to put in it place. It was night anyhow. lit 
is always night where flags are concerned. ) 
The moon was hidden bv clouds . In the 
gutters, the drunks vomi'ted , Rats ate the 
vomit. Then the drunk would go back. drink 
some more, and come out and vomit again. 
Again the rats would eat the vomit. But the 
drunks didn't eat. They drank. 

All drunks drink because the~' have nothing 
to eat. 

Ernie was a drunk. Ernie played steel 
guitar in ~ashville once. Then Ernie got 
arthritis in his hand and couldn'l pla~' the 
steel guitar anymore. Xowhere. Ernie 
came to California to pick the oranges from 
the tree . but hi crippled hands wouldn 'tlet 
him. Neither would the orange growers. 

Ernie couldn 't eat so Ernie began to drink. 
Ernie alwavs drank He also smoked 
marijuana and probabl~' ha hlsh. ~othlng 
helped . because wh never Ernie would 
finish drinking or smoki ng it would all sull 
be there waiting. 

Agai n the rats would eat the vomit. 

Ernie eo uldn 't pick oranges so he began to 
pick people. He sold them marijuana and 
hashi h when he ('ou Id Thev all were 
waiting LOO . But whether Ernie would ell 
or not he would still drink. Then he would 
vomit in the gutter 

Somelime" he \\ould pass out under the 
burden. awaking onh to tlnd hlmsell In d 
strange cage He al wa\'s wondered how h 
got there and asoon a he remembered he 
would be set tree to do II all over again 

So again the rat · could eat the voml\. 
The rats are so tat 

"Find me mI' own Irue 100'e sooo she can 
leave m ." sang Ernlc walk iOg down th 
street. 

"Stop." said another man. 

Ernie turned. sort 01 . and stopped singlnl! 
It was rare when am'one told Ernie to stop 
It was usuall\' Erni'e who would do the 
telling . but then whoe\'er il was wou ld jusl 
keep gOing a n\'wa~·. So Erme kept gOing . 
doing what he could In a wa\·. Ernie was 
free . 

" Hey." sa id the olher man . "could I ask 
~· ou something '?" 

.. ure ." 
"Tell me, "'uhout knowin/l me. do I gil'!, 
~·ou the ImpreSSIO n 01 bClng a 010, Ie tar or 
a tatesman '" 

Erme lookt'd il l Ilw llIan. III' wa s lal. bUI 
that was all Emil' ('ould tell Th II' breilth 
was the Silllll' ._\ ,ta t l'~nldn. hc ~lId 

" Well I \\a, 00(' [' \ \'en' !(reat one. Btll 
no one en'!' ~a l l ' ml' J chance I ran lor 
ma\'or 01 11\\ hOIlll'IO\1 n. the large,t t<lwn In 
the' northern part of North Dakota. but I 
lost I \\iI ,; reall\ {'heated You I.n()\1 \1 hal I 
mean'" 

" Ye~ , 
" People. 111 \ 11'Il'l1lb told Illl' that. 111.11 I 

had a lot III Plilitl("," IJkn\. Ihat I ('ould b(' J 
greal stdtl·:mI.ln HUI I Inst. I belicH'd 
them .. 

"L t's go getadnnk sa id Ernie 
"You belie\ e me ' 
"Yes .-\ lilr a,: II goes ' 
"What do I'OU mean" 

" You know. anllered Ernie a a police 
car drove b\' 

" Yeah I know. Let's go get a drink I m 
Sam ," 

"Right. I m Erme 

Th v began to walk to the nearest bar 
Above their head - tower d the brl/!htl\' Ill . 
but quiet hotel 

"MOVie star and sta te m n sta~' there.' 
said Ernie. 

They had trouble in In'ing to keep from 
falling into the gutter while looking up 

twent~· stories. 

The two men entered The Glas' lipper 
tripping over the thre hold 

"Hiva ErRle." shouted the bartender. He 
was fat too And he had will ker . 

" Hi Hank. ThiS here's Sam ;\1,' nell' 
friend ... 

" Hello T('lIl1le. Ilithou l knOWing 111l' 
" Whatlllll be ')" asked Ihe 1<1 1 l11an 
"The usual " 
.. And \'ou" . 
"Scotch ," answered the ,Iale.;man ])0 

I give ~ ou the IlllprrssllJO ot being 
" H \ Ernu.' , . {'ame a , ' ()ICl' 
" Blfl m\ Illan" 
" Who's thl, " 
.. am 111\ nell IrJend 
" ;\'ew around here '" 
" :\ot realh 
.. [ know what IOU IlIca n . 

'fj:':"':'i":'i'::Ii:::':::::::j'::i:::::;::'::~'d:::':::::::::::::~:"'i"""':j':II: 
Pub/Restaurant 

ElttrtaiMient Nightly 
Sunday IflMh (lIKert 

Prime ., 
.:.:.: GturMtt (ISStroits '.:.:.: 

I ~·:I::~:~~!;,p·riCri;~;:14 .1 
:~i..:.~""~":@~:':':':«~'·~~':«o''':~~::::::X;::':.:.:':::::::::~«««::~>~~::~~:;~:::::::::::i :I';:;~:,:::::.~»»»==:;w~~.~~~~~: ... ~~:::~~!;y';:~ .. .. .f... to... ___ ~.~ • •••• ~;.; ..... '.~.~.'.'.'.'.".~ • • 

" Well Ernie" said Bill. who was a 
tele"l Ion emcee 'Icl, iOtroduce Sam here 
to th gang 

The bottle" cam~ and the men began to 
d~nk . Sam met Chester. Bart , and Howie. 
The\' met am 

"Tell me telld". Sdld am. without 
knOWing me, do I gill' I'OU Ihe Impres>lon 01 
being a 010\ Ie star or d statesman"" 

" :\10rie sta r " 
"Statesman" 
"Mone ,tJr -
"Actuall \. he was a ·tale ·man ." said 

Ernie. 

" No. a wall, I was both .'· corrected Sam 
He took a iong drink and rep ated the 

state man s t or~' to the group. :rhen. taking 
another long dnnk he said. " And so I came 
to Holl\'wood because o( m\' talent 
Somehow 1 got parts I walked and I stood 
What \'ou call a bit . \\'as even a Roman 
sold ier on time Then I was fired because I 
drank real liquor In a mone once. In mo\'! s 
yOU don 't dnnk real liquor. I lost again . You 
know what I mean '" 

" Yes." th \. an wer d In uRlson 
" Let's h<J\'e some more whl ke\' Hank" 

someone houted Hank broughl several 
more bottlrs .\11 the men chlpP d In to pal 
for them. "We 're rich tonight ," someone 
said 

A, th\' , l\t'fl' pa\lng lor the liquor .. Jill 
a ked lI ank II he \1 ant d a drink . 

" Don 't drink ." answered the fat man with 
whisker~ . . I m an ca ter .. he sdld . pawng 
hiS stomach wllh hiS hilnd mo\ Ing on to thl' 
next custolller 

With thl' ne\1 whlske\ , allth men began to 
t IIlhe sallll' stones 

" I was a t\'coon. " explai ned Chl'ster " I 
had so much monev I dldn 't know what to do 
with it. So I spent It. The rest was sIal en 
How 1 love this whiskey " 

" I was a lall'~er. buIlt dldn' t work.' aid 
B,!rl. 

" What happened" ' asked Sam ne\'er 
having heard the stan before 

,, ) was too honest for a courtroom I 
guess. 

· 'l'm a teac her. " said HOWie, 
" Of what " queried the newcomer 
" A philosopher I think about things Like 

why I'm here and wh\ when I look out th 
window of my dive how I can see the hotel. 
That big one Right above my room. And 1 
don't understand it. Never could. ever will. 
So 1 drink ." 

" Does that help ,"au' " 
" As much a ' It help ' \·ou 

" Pass the bottle We all ga\'e up on realll\ 
long ago. It ne\'er wa anvhow:' 

" Onlv th movies aren't real. ' 
" This is a mo\ le _" aid the Philosopher 
" You 're drunk ." said Erme 

" We 're all dru r ., here And ma\be there 
too . That 's wh\' II' end up here " 

" Pas the bollie and hut up . aid the 
lawyer. Xo one's drunk there, lust 
dishonest' 

" \\e 're all drunk_ " ,did ErniC . L~t , 
sing 

" You sin 
Chester 

· :\'ot tor III ,nt\ \ear~ 
mstrument Let', Idu!?h . 

· :\0.' "diU . am It mak > \'.,u puke 
don't like pukl' :"l'\er like to puke 

" Yeah. but then \OU re empt\ dnd ('<in 
start 0\ er agam laughed Chester 

n the bottlc, were t'lllpt\ I:.rmt'dnd 
Sam tnpped 01 er The Gla"s Iipptr s 
thre hold once again 

The two mo\ed dO\ln the ·treet bel\lcen 
the bUildings the\ never entered Both were 
walking as II ascending a ladder wh n Sam 
said. " Drinking help, IOU dream 

" You ·redrunk . man. but you're nght. " 

A car wened and Sam ', dreams ('arne t(J 
an end Ernie thre\1 up and passed out In 
the guller b\' the big bnght hotel 

Ernie must \ e been out for qUit e a while 
It was night again when they set him free . He 
left Singing. " Find me my own true love sooo 
she can leave me." 

The Glass. IIpper was onl\ two blocks 
awa\' , 

EPfLOGl E: GOIN'\\ .t~ Sl 
Gain '\\ est 
L nd er the \ ulture's hrealh 
B~' the hroken pla!e in th l. du t, 
·' Home." it ~a \ ~. 
Behind the camper l-Halll-It . 
Goin ' \\ e t 
The ' 1I1l el. 
"Goin ' No\\ here," it sa\s. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETIY 

"THE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA Bl YD. Anossfrom SporlsArena 
• EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED. 
CONTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.·Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sot. 10 A.M.· 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-'2974 
in w ire frames 

Tuesday, April 25, 1972 Triton Times Page 3 



ton tiDles 
Unlvtnity of c.lifornil, SIn DiIID 

u .101'" CIIifomii 92037 
1114\ "'2000, ext. 1016, Advtrtisint txt 1017 

Molly ~Ivin, Editor-in-Chief Terry Barak, Business Manager 

,he ..... _ •• ".. IIeIew _ .",.-Ilty the TilTON TIMES Editorial ...... All .. her epinieM 
........ 11ft 1M ....... t ..... ef the outh ... wheN _ appear in the bylinn, and cia nat 
_..My reflect the view. ef the TIlTON TIMES. Anyone datiri", to submit motorial t.1to pllitlishocl in 
this IOdien sheulcl .nd it Ie the Editorial Dirodor, TIlTON TIMES, 11711011. Hall, UCSO. 

. .. 

More Bombing? So What. 
In the last two weeks President 

Nixon has chosen to re-escalate the 
air war in response to renewed 
invasions by NLF and North 
Vietnamese forces into the South. 
Light and heavy American bombers 
are maintaining a continual on-
slaught of barrages on both the North 
and South. The bombing is so intense, 
and the situation so desperate that 
there is no telling when aHacks hit 
military forces or civilians. 

It has been estimated that the 
South Vietnamese forces have 
suffered at least 10,000 casualities in 
the current fighting. But at the same 
time, if we are to believe the 
statistics of the Pentagon, we have 
destroyed the entire male population 
of North Vietnam at least once over 
since 1961. 

In the meantime, 300 listen to 
dialogue here at U~SD in protest of 
the current atrocities and another20G 
persons aHend a rally in downtown 
San Diego; the National Student 
Association calls for a nation-wide 
strike; there is trouble at the 
University of Maryland; 3000 meet in 
Sproul Plaza at UC Berkeley; tens of 
thousands gather at protest rallies 
this past weekend in major east and 
west coast cities. 

And we continue to read the 
headlines : body counts, lights at the 

ends of tunnels, the 
incomprehensible tonnage of bombs 
dropped from planes thousands of 
feet above, with the hope that death 
from such an altitude is less 
agonizing, less personal; Nixon 
promiSing peace in Vietnam at his 
Miami acc,ptance speech in 1961; 
and just now it comes to light that in 
early 1969 the Pentagon, CIA and 
Defense Department all told the 
President that an air war alone could 
not end American involvement, no 
matter how intense the sorties. 

We have been so aware of the pain, 
blood and death for so long that we'r .. 
becoming numbed by the continuing 
press accounts and government 
announcements. Why bother to 
respond? We've heard it all before. 

But here in La Jolla what's the 
worry? We've had awfully good 
weather this quar:ter. The Padres 
beat L.A. Sunday. Midterms are this 
week and the surf's been picking up. 
Draft calls are down, so fewer young 
men are worried about being shipped 
out. And if we want to we can keep on 
reading about the bombings, the body 
counts, veiled promises by generals 
that the situation is well in hand. But 
why bother? After all, Vietnam is 
lS,OOO miles away. 'And that's a long 
way off ... 

ITT, Nixon qnd Thee 
We now have before us the GOP 

frantically trying to find a new site 
for their nominating convention this 
summer. While waiting for the 
"official word" from the GOP, let's 
review the reasons for this move. 

The obvious reasons are the same 
as those when San Diego was 
originally considered for the 
convention site: 

(1) The city lacks the supportive facilities 
for so large a convention. 

(2) Most hotels dread the idea of a 
CGnVention because it cuts heavily into 
their sammet' tourist revenJeS. 

(3) The size of the International Sports 
lrtna is considenld 100 small to 
~cccmmodltt such a large meeting. 

(4 J Costs for preparing the Arena have 
risln m.n the original estiNte of 
".,,000 to the prftal' estinafe of 
S5OO,ooo. 

(5: "there isn't .....,. tine between the 
last schIIl.tled Arena event in July and 
the apening of the canvention to malee 
the necessary changes. 

(6) MInmentII tr1iHic Ql9Stlon. 

Also, the GOP is having trouble 
raising the necessary funds to have 
the convention here. They have 
stated they can't use ITT funds 
because of the bad publicity incurred 
from the Senate subcommittee 
investigations. 

It is this aspect of the convention 
difficulties that is most clouded, but 
also the most important. The link 
between ITT's apparent out-of-court 
settlement with the Justice 
Department and ITT's support for 
the GOP convention is now in the 
open. 

The whole truth about the ITT 
affair nay never be known. 
President Nixon wanted the 
convention here at almost any cost, 
But now that the public has learned 
about the inner workings of the 
Republican Party, Nixon has to run. 
He may be able to hide the facts 
beHer In another city. 

This is what the public should 
,..alize and remember. With thl 
convention mo~e the GOP hopes to 
kHP thl public's aHention off the 
politicking that permeates their 
convention planning. Once again 
Nixon has· lost credibility. The 
reeking Republican machine has 
allowed a little too much of Its 
inherent stench to reach thl public's 
nose. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, April 25, 1972 

Librarians, Teaching 
Professors Recruit for 

tants, 
Union 

Donald Wesling. Literature. ext. 2006 
"Professors, teach in, assistants, librarians are a special 

breed-professional. wbo work for love, not wages ; people who 
can let tbe bureaucrats maiDtain the institution while they 
carry . on with the profound tasks of teaching and research ." 
That, or something like it, was the view taken until the 1960's, 
when history forced us all, undergraduates included, to a new 
understanding of our roles. When, with the Berkeley Free 
Speech Movement, the Vietnam war protests, Kent State, we 
discovered that the university was in the center, not on the 
fringes of society, we began to lose our notions of IIIIIIeue 
.... -

It turned out that we aren't noble , but instead a special sort 
of worker .. students too . And as workers we have a special 
relation to those who employ us, perhaps not as congenial as 
we imagined. The old labor union slogan, "Same Bosses .. 
Same Fight, " doesn 't of course apply for us in the way it does 
for the man or woman on the factory floor , but it applies . 

And the fight is starting to look really interesting. The other 
day , at a meeting of UCSD librarians, professors and a 
teaching assistant representative, someone remarked with 
justice that we had Governor Reagan to thank for uniting us to 
discuss common concerns . Since Reagan took office, the 
student/faculty ratio has increased by 21 per cent from 14: 1 to 
17.4 :1, so everybody suffers, but especially the students. 
And the deterioration is more general, with budget cuts and 
continued erosion of faculty salaries, threats to academic 
freedom and job security through increasingly repressive 
administrative controls, pressure for increasing faculty and 
T.A. work load, atlministrative decisions taken without faculty 
consultation (as in the receot and disturbing fiats on foreign 
languages ). Finally, the general increases in costs of education 

serve to block equal __ "II."''''' by lower income and 
minority studems. 

As Paul Goodman, at the Davis campus 
and chairman of of Teachers. has 
said : "Never bringing collective 
bargain in, to the been so bright. " 
Across the state. locals is growing, 
especially now that dues can be collected 
by payroll dedlucti(ln . 

The aims of the first , to do all that is 
possible to better the ediIItocess on this campus and 
throughout the state, decent wages and 
benefits for assistants. The 
union offers a means colleagues in sister 
institutions, and the wider world of labor 
through the Council. As the union 
becomes more come to see that the 
quality of their own connected with the 
lives and working and librarians in the 
same campus connmllmtl. 

Those of us holding a membership 
drive, ""~:"mlln~ thro,lIph.out week May 1·5. 
The on Thursday, 
May 4, at 4 p.m. by the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Paul li()(ldm.ak successes and 
current activities of J;'vprvnr,e in the UCSD 
community is invited. lU"'OO/iU". who teach in 
the three colleges, In the libraries. If 
you are interested to the May 4 meeting, or 
call John Leonard ( . Wesling (literature ). or 
Robert Heifetz (urban &I 

Government Successes 
Mike Roberts 

Without even pointing out that all government funds are 
stolen money obtained through force and extortion and that 
therefore all government employees are hired criminals and 
all government programs IDSIllUl10nahze oppreSSion, one can 
show Marcus Weorshing's claims of various government 
successes in April 14 's TT to be ridiculous. 

First on the list was mass education. Really! The failures 
here are so obvious. Mass education in this country is also 
compulsory education. Taxpayers pay for schools whether they 
want to or not, whether they send their children to private 
school or not, even whether they have kids at all or not. Thus 
there is great economic pressure to mash children into giant 
assembly lines which grind out state·approved minds using 
state-approved books and state-approved methods of control 
and indoctrination. And, which incidently grind out all 
individuality, creativity and happiness in their helpless 
students that they can. 

Public schools are run by the great mob and therefore serve 
the great moo. Children of a wide variety of psychological , 
physical , religious and ethnic types are lost in the flood as all of 
societies prejudices - sexual, political , social and.otherwise, 
descend uPon them. Public education '! Thanks but DO thanks . 
Give me a system of small private schools serving all needs 
and desires so that parents can choose between them and 
decide directly on things like subject matter ~ sex education? 
prayer in schools?) , learning progress (why were we all 
ranked by grade and age? ), grading policies and teachers . 

Drug 
Let's see , what was purer foods and drugs. 

classic debacle here IS marve lous drug , almost 
no side effects, the killer known to man and 
one of the best ''''''.lI''.':lIl1 ~ as to be non-lethal no 
matter how large the hundreds of other drugs , 
however, it will ca the children when taken 
by their mothers of pregnancy. Thanks 
to the Food and Drug n past menopause 
and dying of cancer Vietnam cannot be 
administered thai agencies of this kind 
have nothing to lose of disease , only when they 
die of drugs. This kmd needs. 

And then : "an end .. All very well , except I 
happen to be a ' labor. Because I'm not 21 
yet it is that much to get a good job. All 
arbitrary age limits . The question should 
not be " Is he old marry)?", but "Does 
he feel ready?" had the opposite of 
the intended effect. only in the easier to 
get to , larger , newer ing children to work in 
smaller, darker , older , the way places . In the end it 
was a general rise in of living , an increase in the 
sophistication of ' of education that 
put an end to child 

Governments have gross exploitation of adult 
CoatilluH 01 Pqe 7 

Soviet "Troths" on Vi 
from TASS News Agency 

Translated by Bruce Condra 
(TASS, 14 April ). The United States is merrily skipping down 
the road of escalated aggression. More troops are thrown into 
action ; planes and sea power are hauled back to Vietnam. 
American naval presence has been doubled. Right now, half of 
the Seventh Fleet is in Indochina : 40 ships with 35 ,000 men . Add 
to this the aircraft carriers Midway and Saratoga, plus other 
vessels now steaming in that direction : the total manpower 
increase is 47,000 men. There is now more naval power in SE 
Asia than there was at the ileight of US involvement in 1968·9. 

American news agencies are quick to comment. that US 
leaders talk of withdrawal, but pursue increased involvement. 
Based on latest evidence, 2S ships , 500 aircraft and 30,000 men 
have been moved into the Indochina area from Japan, 
Philippines and US continental bases. 

In as much as the program of "Vietnamization" has failed 
flat on its ass, American 'statesmen' now see fit to begin a 
"new Americanization of the war ," We aU know this to mean 
that a direct resumption of armed intervention is planned. 

White House representatives announce that Nixon has now 
dispatched his own helpmates to Vietnam; Nixon needs more 
information on the course of the war. 

Events in Indochina have always been favorite topics of 
foreign press. Paris ' Humanite tells that Peoples Liberation 
Forces in South Vietnam are attacking the principal 
American-Salgonese bases all across the land. 

South Vietnamese patriots besieged a nprovlncial center 60 
miles north of Saigon, the city of Aniak. NY TIMES notes that 
fire power was 10 intense in this region that helicopters were 
unable to land for evacuation or reinforcement of S. 
Vietnamese troopers . Preas also calla IUention to tbe massive 
bombinp by US craft on the free !'eI1ons of South Vietnam. 
Planes are flying bleb above IDti-aircraft fire, dropping their 
bombs in aD uncontrolled manner over high populltlon centers 

in and around Hanoi 
throwing shells from 

NY TIMES ed 
war is against 
"absurd" this policy 
and sea presence 
involvement can 
mayhem. 

Seventh Fleet ships are 
waters. 

continuation of this 
TIMES called 

to re-establish air 
result of renewed 

performance of past 

(Apr. 16 .) 
HANOI . The Central National Liberation Front 
and the Government of South 
Vietnam to step up the war 
against Anlerll1'3. 

With a ."."hoI_OS and aircraft, including B-
525, the of America is wagin, its 
aggressive war on an unprecedented scale. 
US has refused response to the logical 
proposals of the . The talks have been 
torpedoed . 

are carrying out ai.' 
vicious air strikes are 

devastation. 
Front today fired rockets 

planes and choppers were 

region of Anloit. in Bin10ng 
province. Iaoded under 
American air cover, ...... rill,l. used tanks to invade the 
city lIain. AccordilC (Apr. 16), pltriota have the 
city In hand. 

Save Our 
Coast 

Editor : 
Protective coastline 

legislation has failed for the past 
3 years in the California 
Legislature I If our coastline is to 
be saved. the time to act is now 
- through the initiative . 
California Coastal Alliance is 
sponsoring an initiative which 
will take the issue of coast.al 
protection to the voters in the 
November ballot. 

The initiative calls for the 
creation of a state and six 
regional commissions to govern 
coastal protection and 
development, requires a permit 
for all development along our 
coasts and defines certain 
priorities - e.g. protection of the 
esthetic and natural ecology of 
the coast - which must be 
considered before any permit for 
development is issued. 

We need to collect over 50,000 
signatures by May 10. 1972 in the 
San Diego area. If you are a 
registered voter in San Diego 
County , you can help by carrying 
a petition on the UCSD campus, 
to La Jolla, Pacific Beach, Del 
Mar, the beach, or wherever else 
people gather. Petitions and a 
short description of the initiative 
will be available today , April 25 , 
at 5 p.m. to 5:30 in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. If you can't 
make it, petitions are also 
available at S.D. Ecology 
Center, 5176 Ewing St.; Sierra 
Club and C-IIl , Hospitality 
House, Balboa Park ; The Diving 
Locker , 1020 Grand Ave., P.B.; 
or Z.P.G., 4536 Park Blvd. 

Freedom of 
the Press 

Editor : 

Tom Norris 

" Freedom of the press" must 
now be construed to include 
freedoms to listen to radio and to 
watch TV. America needs 
immediate and widespread 
access to foreign electronic 
media. 

Our communications satellites 
offer an easy method for the 
simultaneous rebroadcast of 
foreign programming. The 
facilities exisl - they ought to be 
dedicated to the free flow of 
information between 
superpowers . The federal 
government can flip the switch, 
but as yet nobody has asked for 
it. 

Listening is the best way to 
learn a language. (Typing is a 
close second. (Every person in 
America ought to run across 
Russian.language Radio Moscow 
on the AM radio. Every major 
city should broadcast Spanish, 
Chinese and Russian television. 
The potential benefit to students 

Letters to the Editor 
The People House 
To the people. . 

A good attempt was made thiS year 
to develop a peer counseling. crisis 
intelvention center for the whole 
UCSD communitv . under the name of 
the People House I CriSIS Center K·2) 
on Muir campus. This experiment m 
having students available to help other 
students met with many problems. 
organizational. image. adequate 
training and qualified staff . but malDly 
it was a question all along as to what 
needs were to be met and could a staff 
of sensitive young people create an 
atmosphere conducive. to trust . and 
effectiveness in helpmg situations. 
Many people found K-2 of selvice. 
either in solving specific problems or 
as a place of social gathering where 
friendliness usually was in abundance. 
There was an internal cohesiveness 
and unusual level of personal 
interaction among staff members. and 
though emotional times were een and 
lived through. I can say many lifetime 
friendships were formed. and those 
who came in contact with K-2 will 
remember it as a significant event of 
their college days . 

Actual crisis intervention played a 
small part in the total picture, though 
lhere were a number of drug ta lk 
downs. people getting busted and 
getting l e~al aid K·2 assistance. 
crashers being found floor pace , and 
some abortion counseling. People 

of foreign language is sufficient, 
that within a span of five yea rs 
after the institution of such a 
program, we would be a nation 
with i.credible linguistic 
resources . As our other 
resources dwindle, shouldn 't our 
abil ity to understand others be 
allowed to grow? 

Some ideas involve a 
negligible output of ene~gy , and 
give rise to a monstrous harvest. 
Let 's put our electronics to the 
task of communication - we 
may reap peace. 

Warm regards, 
Bruce Condra 

Russian Translator 

House scrved more as a pre-crisis 
intervention center. providing a place 
where anvone could drop in for a free 
sandwich' and coffee and rap with those 
present. It served t? stave off 
loneliness for many. fulfilling the need 
tor human interaction. and howmg 
care for others . 

Developing a sense of community 
was a goal of the People House. the 
outdoor picniC with a live band last 
quarter being a product of some staff 
desiring to get people togt'ther . 
interacting and helping each other. In 
effect. K·2 evolved multi-faceted . 
perhaps resembling a small student 
union (minus a bowling alley) . wh re 
people got together . talked . planned 
events and did things together. 

Peer counse ling took place on a very 
informal basis. often merely being a 
comfortable rap on generalized tOPICS 

such as drugs. politics. school. 
involving personal viewpoints . There 
were a good number of times where 
staff found themselves really dealing 
with heavy personal ,. problems. 
meeting with successes clnd setbacks 
in helping the person. However. du(' to 
the problcm of understaffing. and 
some rather involved complicatIOns 
with the type of center and its goals in 
meeting the real needs for the 
cOllllllunity . People 110use has 
officially stopped eXISting. 

All in all . for me. it was an incredible 
experience being aSSOCiated with K-2. I 
hope that People Hou~e Will .be 
remembered for its good times and Its 
sincere attempt to bring people 
together to help each other. I was 
rewarded for my efforts . It was a 
friendly begmnlng for many. 

Geoff Furman 

An Open Letter To Chancellor McElroy 
On Friday . April 7. UCSD Students 

for Ashbrook brought the distinguished 
conservative leader. Congressman 
John M. Ashbrook to UCSD. 
Congressman Ashbrook is recognized 
as the conservative standard·bearer In 
the upcoming pre identi;lt elecli~n by 
major conservative o~galllzations ' 
National Review. Human Events. the 
Con ervative Party of ew York. and 
the Young Americans for Freedom 

Mr. Ashbrook was kind enough to 
accept the invitation of the president of 
UCSD Students for Ashbrook to speak 
at UCSD. What happened at his 
address is now well known. About 10 
students and non-students repeatedly 
interrupted and heckled the 
Congres man. violating not only hiS . 
but his audience ' Civil liberties as 
well . Congressman Ashbrook was 
insulted with the mo t vile and ba e 
language, but courageously continued 
to speak to the approximately 200 
persons who had come to li sten to him 

Dr. McElroy, you have sa id . in an 
interview with the TRITON TIMES 
last September, that you would "not 
bend to any press ures from 
conservatives to stifle discussion of 
any point of view on campus." 1r. 
Chancellor. you. hopefully , know now. 
as we knew then, that the threat to free 
speech at UCSD comes from the 
radical left, and not from the 

triton times 

conservatives. The persons who 
disrupted Congressman John 
A hbrook 's talk wcre students and non-
students aSSOCiated with left-Wing 
groups and publications on campus. We 
challenge you to find any example of 
UCSD conservatives heckling any of 
the endless flow of liberal and left· 
wing speakers that have appeared 
here. You Will not find one In 
researching prevIOus disruptions. you 
would find the radical left attacking 
both liberals and conservatives : 
Profes ors Daniel Orr and Arthur 
Jen en. Al Capp and A semblyman 
Je s Unruh. 

Mr. Chancellor. you have promised 
the community that you will not allow 
the stifling of any point of view . You 
have promised the UC D conservative 
community an equal opportunaty to 
present ItS Side of the Issues. You have 
told us to watch your actions. 

Mr. Chancellor. we will watch your 
actions now! Formal charges have 
been filed again t the persons who 
disrupted Mr. Ashbrook 's appearance 
We will be waiting to see whether you 
really intend to defend free speech. or 
if your promises were empty. 
KeVin S. Olson 

orman M. Olney 
Harry William Gullett 
Gary George Kreep 
David M. Sheenn 

Editor-in-Chief ~tolly Selvin 
Managing Editor Carny Sharick 
Business Manager Terry 8arak 
Arts Editor Carrie Rickey 
Photography Editor Joe Eastern 

City Editor David Buchbinder 
Assoc. Cit v Editor John Maxwell 
Copy Editor Chuck Graham 
Editorial Director Mark Siegel 
Sports Editor Mike Rath 
Asst.8usine Mgr. Debbie Montgomery 

NOWI Doportment 
Rick Drom 

'hot"9ropho" 
Mike Sosma 

Mark Mosooko • Michael Greene 
Kathy K)ulIk Arts Dopartmont 

Mark Siege) John MacGregor 
Keyin Olson 
Manuel Hernondn 
C.pybacltn 

Dan Spelltn. 
Eric Perlman 
Tam Lindberg 
Corky M. Coco. 

Mike MtKinoe)' 
leonard Mont.llono 
Tim Hirsch 
'rod..,ct;'n 
David Buchbinder 
MIke Sesmo 
Mark Li.ko 
Sporll Doportment 
Mark Lisko Debbie Montgome..,. Artith 

G)eno Schroet" Cork.., M. Coco. Man. Young 

Andy htabrook 
Po' Stacy 
Jon le le~ier 
Doug Beanan 
Ad.ortilin, Deportment 
Bonnie Mo tnored: 
Glorio Mortinet 
Steve COMn 

n. ,.nOll TIMES it tltkiolly ...... ,.I ... ".. _ ~y .. C.-H ....... 4 tf 
Iloo 'hi .. nit, tf C .. if ..... S. Dioto, ...... He, ...... c-" LI Jo\Io, Coliferoio nIl7. 
hWic.rioo is twice weoItI,. ,.....,. .... r.-,.. 0IIc ........... ill ._lI1. 'IobIloll, 
.Il00.--. C ..... f .. ,...,.. ..... W. • . III17; lor ..... iII ..... ,....11." 

." ~~ ~~ ~\ b 0 I t r 
THE NEW WAY 10 LEARN 

~,,~ ~~t) ~l~ Before uYlng, e you 
~ ~oi Credit Union test your new 
~r car's loan interest FREIICH 

GERMAII 
SPAIISH 

ENGLISH 

performance. 
ThIS simple rOid IHI can SIV\! you money "nd lhe 
money you .... by "nanclnl l"'OYlh)'OUt Crod.! Un"'" 
can also be ruhztd on moIIole _ . l.aveI trltler" 
IruCks end eampers on Irucks -. financed as 
port of lhe .elllcit. 
Call todoy lor Inlormal"'" .bo< I Cr.1 Union "uto 
Flllanctna.nd our I_loon prCIKlton Inwrance. 

on~~ 
UIIMIISIlY • STATE EMPlOYEES CMOIl UNION;- ~. 

... .............. IefI~~.1'O . ...... 2t71 .. ~-
11 .. c.-.. ........ O"'~RII' . ..... -.ulO 

nd 
"

---'- eI UCSO La Jolta c.mpuI S I 0 PI lomo and S.n Y_a H.alth CI""" Sennng K .... mte I "I .., • .,.....,Y'..... - , 

Tuesday, April 25, 1972 Triton Times Page 5 



Intramurals Photo: Sesma 

oftball marked byupsets 
Paf Stacy 

Is it just me, or did anybody else notice that the weather, 
cloudy and overcast all week , cleared up just in time for 
another far out, super sunny weekend of good times? Anybody 
who didn ' t find some time to get into the outdoor scene IS really 
missing it. And really _ _ _ is there any better sport than 
softball? Extremely doubtful 

RAND/WOODS got the weekend off to an upsetting start by 
somehow besting the MUDHENS by a single run . Admittedly, 
the HENS didn't have three-fourths of their starting team, and 
RA D/WOODS did some excellent last-m ln~te recruiting by 
picking up the onginal fish out of water, Jim Stoner, and some 
unknown third baseman !Bruce Sousa-something-or-other ). 
Nevertheless, the TOLEDO TURKEYS definitely deserve the 
Choke-of-the-Week award for losing to a team which was the 
odds-on choice to finish mnth In the eight-team Money Hunter 
League. 

My guess is that Glen Greene would have had a much more 
enjoyable weekend had he never seen Rasslin' Robert Wilson 
and hiS ball clubs. Starting nice and early on a Saturday 
morning , Bob's MUAD DlB overcame Glen 's THUNDER 
TUR.KEYS In coed tournament action : MUAD DlB gets 
consistently fine performances from Na ncy Acton. Diane 
Naffke and the rest of the women, whose play is desperately 
needed to m.ake up for the deficiencies of "Under-the-Leg" 
Klayer, Terrible I I mean baaddd ) Tom Saichek , and a scatter-
armed right fielder whose errant throws have already knocked 
out two spectators, one dog, and three car windows Late that 
afternoon, Wilson 's SOUTH HAMPTON INTERNAL TEN IS 
SOCIETY knocked BEATS ME off and out of the ranks of the 
unbeaten men's teams. To pour the final salt in the wounds the 
big DIBBERS out-thundered the TURKEYS in a coed le~gue 
game Sunday. 

TENNIS TOURNEY TO BE HELD MA Y 6 
A mixed doubles, double elimination tennis tournament will 

be held Saturday, May 6, to determine which couple will go to 
the AII-Cal Tourney at Santa Barbara the following weekend . 
Play will begin at 9 a.m. with all rounds up to the semifinals to 
be eight·game pro sets. Time permi [ling, the semis and the 
finals will be two out of three sets. 

Rich Castro and the tennis club will sponsor a beach party 
for all participants and club members, details of which will be 
given the day of the tournament. 0 entry f!'e. but a lot of fun 

lUES. APR. 25 7:30PM I Sa, Di.,. IItnatiGIIl s,.rts MI., 
Tickets $5.00 Advance · S5.50 0.., of Show 

TICMETS AVAILABLE AT: ~II S.taker In ••• Bill GomDI.·s Mt.'s St~r .. , 
C,.IIII Tlck.t Ac •• t'tS, Sports Are •• Tlc •• t Olllet, 

C.II 224-4176 for IIck.t InforllllUOft 

f'ro(fUI, ' rl h ... ff)\IIJlf " ...... ,)( I\TI .... 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 25, 1972 

for all. Sign up by Friday, May 5, in the intramural office . If 
you have any questions, call Rich at 755-jj151 or Lee at X2283. 
WiLD WESTER ERS DEPT ..• all right UCSD women -you 
have oeen challenged! Cal Western's chicks, obviously 
unaware of the abundance of talent prl'sent at UCSD. have 
challenged our mass of Ms.'s to a softball game. They have 
obviously never seen Pam Stacks' first base play, or CROTCH 
ROT's Judy's fine centerfield. or the hitting of the BAD ASS 
never have been made. 
Cheryl Elliott's going to be coach - if you're interested land a 
lot of you should be) sign up in the intramural office. 

May carnival 
put on the line 
The recreation branch' of the 

UCSD Physical Education 
Department has found itself in 
something of a quandary over a 
proposed May Carnival. The 
problem consists primarily of a 
lack of support on the part of 
the recreational clubs who 
were supposed to form the 
mainspring of sponsors. 

At two prior meetings, only a 
few of the clubs were 
represented , so the department 
has decided to try again. For 
all interested. there will be a 
meeting tomorrow at 4 p.m. 
The meeting will be held in the 
Gymnasium classroom. and 
hopefully positive ideas will be 
discussed. If the same apathy 
is repeated the carnival may 
have to be dropped. 

been proposed , such as a 
Revelle VS. Muir water balloon 
fight . Generally , the carnival 
will be planned along the lines 
of last year 's Renais ance 
Fair , which was also sponsored 
by the clubs. 

The recreation department is 
also in the midst of setting up a 
hayride for the most 
adventurous of the UCSD 
community. The date for the 
ride will be Friday, May 5, and 
will be open to the first 100 
people. The ride will be 
conducted by the Rancho De 
Los Penasquitos Horseman 's 
Park, and the fee will be either 
$1 or $1.50. After the hayride, a 
dance party and food will be 
provided . For further 
information sign up in the P .E . 
Office or call X2275. 

BAEZ 
II' 

COi\CERT 
8pm 

SAl APRIL 29 
SPORTS ARENA 

All Seats $2.00 
Tickels al Bill (;ambles. all (enlral 

.\gen{'ies or Ihe \rena Box Office - 224- ~171 
BE'EfIT FOR A IR WAR \'OTE 

Female netters 
take on any foe 

Without any fanfare , the women 's intercollegiate tennis 
season opened at the beginning of this quarter. Practice began 
at the end of winter quarter, upon selection of a coach. She is 
Chris Mattson, who happens to be fine player in her own right. 
Chris says that the job has been a learning as well as teaching 
experience for her. Her single adjective description of the 
team and the overall situation is "great' ", her only regret is 
that a leg injury has kept her from actively working out with 
thr girls. 

This year's team is led by freshmen. Cheryl Elliott, Judy 
Abrams, Irene Allen, and Anna Barnett lead the singles with 
strong support from ."veterans" Lynne McClure, Carol 
Heineman and the "reliable old standby and super jock", 
Elaine Simay. A busy schedule has kept last year 's number one 
player, Kevan Dignam, from defending her title . 

The team started with two practice matches al/ainst 'USIU 
which were easily won. Chris changes the lineup to give all 14 
members of the team a chance at the ten different spots. Four 
singles and three doubles matches are played. Missy 
O'Flaherty tops the doubles list while special mention must be 
given to Mary Means and Marilyn Wilder, won two clutch 
matches, to provide a 4-3 victory over Palomar. and then won a 
match that had to be decided by a 9 point tie·breaker in the third 
set (in which they made everyone hold his breath until the 
final point) to again give UCSD the edge, 4-3 over G rossmont. 
Peggy Struthers and Claudia Silker have won all of their 
doubles matches, and a rapidly improving Jackie Russum has 
fought hard in some tough singles matches. 

So far, the team is doing well, with the roughest match, 
against San Diego State, yet to come. The close matches may 
be attributed to the flexible USCD lineup. The team breezed 
over San Diego City College 7·0 and just beat Mesa , last 
Friday, 5-2. Mesa 's first couple of players were good, as Cheryl 
Elliott come from a 2·6. 4·5 deficit to defeat Mesa 's number 
one girl. Cheryl's game was getting together at the end,and 
hopes are high that she. Judy Abrams and Irene Allen will all 
be able to get everything together as they leave this 
Wednesday, to represent UCSD in the Ojai tournament. 

Ojai is one of the largest and toughest tournaments anywhere 
as it will draw the top men, women, and juniors, from the 
West. About 1000 partiCipants are expected. In the 
intercollegiate division. only one singles and one doubll' s team 
of each sex is allowed from each school. MISSY O'Flaherty and 
Kelly Magee could not repeat {he trip to Ojai this year, as the 
fine playing of Judy and Irene proved to be too much . 

Tennis is a big sport in San Diego and UCSD is no exception. 
Usually, you must reserve a court a day in advance for free 
play, as the mens' and womens ' teams have the courts 
reserved in the afternoons for practice and matches. 

High Tide 
Sunrise5 :20 

Apr . ~ , Wed. 
Apr. 'll , Thurs. 
Apr. 28 , Fri. 
Apr . 29, Sat. 

Sunrise 6: 15 
30, Sun. 
I, Mon . 

Tues. 

AM HI. PM 
8: 16 4.3 8:02 
8:51 4.1 8:23 
9:27 '3.9 8:44 

10:03 3.7 9: 11 

lUI 3.5 10:39 
12:26 
I : 

WlHAVITHI 
PIISONAL 'OUCH. 
WlAlSOHAVI 
THI GIlA TIS' 
IN CASUAl WlAI 
S11ITALB lit 

7 .. 1 GIlA. 
LAJOUA 
~~7169 

Low Tide 
Sunset 6:36 

Ht. AM Ht. PM HI 
5.8 2: 12 0.1 1:45 1.0 
5.9 2:41 0.4 2: 12 1.2 
5.9 3: 15 0.5 2:30 1.5 
5.9 3:45 0.5 2:57 1.8 
Sunset 7:40 

5.8 5:20 0.5 4:20 2.0 
3.2 6:01 0.3 4:39 2.2 

06 :45 0.1 5 :~ 2.5 

~fnIIIP .. 5 
labor? Have you ever gotten a paycheck? If you had you would 
have noticed that a percentage of it was wi~eld. by ~lIcle 
sugar A portion of your labor was donated to him qUite Without 
your ~onsent and beyond your control. If this isn't. gross 
exploitation, I don't know what is. I prefer ~he old ktnd of 
"exploitation," at least then you could change JObs and not be 
exploited anymore. 

Sod" Seevlty 
Social security? You pay for that yo~r ~ntire ~orking life and 

only get it back in your old age , that IS If you hve. t~ collect It 
all . Also you are paid back in inflated money . ThiS IS another 
compulsory favor the government does [or us that we do not 
need and should not want. . 

under discussion was governments in the abstract, and though 
ours won, Germany's lost. What's more, if there had been no 
nationalistic governments in the £irst place. there would have 
been no war at all, which would have been far preferable to 
either winning or losing. 

Marcus, you may take all of these govern,:"ent "benefits" 
and welcome to them. I only wish I were f1d of them. The 
nicest thing any state could do for me is drop dead. 

to·9 
Phon. 
296-9276 

GRANO OPENING APRil 29 

~ tft{lttlHVfo~ ~ 
........ ..J. .... ~ 

50 ARTISANS' CUSTOM NEXT TO THE GREENERY 
DESIGNED ITEMS 1733 UNIVERSITY AVE. 

DOOR PRIZES SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 

ERRORITE™ ATYOUII .OOK.TOII. 

• 

Space research , like all government research IS merely the 
expropriation of money that otherWise co~ld have been used by 
entrepreneurs by the government. for Its own purposes. ~ 
capitalist always spends his money m .ways which would profit 
him most, in other words on that which con~umers are most 
will ing to pay for . If deep down in his heart of hearts the 
average man cares more about a better TV or a more :-vashable 
fabric than putting a man on the moon, IS It such a crime to let 
him indulge himsel£? If the space program has suc~ a great 
potential why aren't greedy busmessmen stumblmg over 
themselves to invest in it? If it 's so noteworthy and wonderful 
why isn't it supported by voluntary contributions? The whole 
thing is an ugly fraud , a publicity stunt for the Fed and an ego 
booster , not to mention a power and fund booster, for the 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES A"D CHAMPAGNES 
THEHO""EOFTHE ARTICHOKE FRITATT A 

(,·esci's ( & ,lJ 
\J a r~ et &. Dcli ('a l r·-~n 

Ca teri ng- all . ize parti c-

To and from Los An!!.I .. , San Francllco, 
SlcrllMrJla, San D~, San JOlt, OIk11nd, 
HoIlywooct.lurtlank, Ontario, and Long leadl. 

Sharing any 01 PSA's 160 daily flights is a ga •. And 
with our low air 'ares, fly ing PSA isn't a whole 101 
more e_pensive than hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. So why not stick 
your thumb in the phone instead, and dial us for 

Food 10 go a reservation? _ .. ",.,....-
military. 

It was clever to point out that our government w~s 
responsible for the winning of worl<twars I & II , but the tOPIC 

7833 Girard \H'. LaJolla. Ca lif. IjlJ~jl91 
IDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDC 

ANY AIRLINE 
CAN TAKE YOU TO EUROPE 

FORA LOW FARE. 
BUT ONLY TWA CAN 
OFFER YOU ALL THIS: 

TWA's STUTELPASS.* 
A coupon booklet that 
gets you a room and 
Continental breakfast in 
ei ther a guesthouse or 

, _ ____ .. _..._ student hotel in any of 
52 European cities for only $4.80 a night. 

No advance reservations needed. 
And as a bonus, we throw in free coupons good 

for bulifights, concerts, the use of a bicycle, 
theater tickets, sightseeing and more. 

TWNs BED AND BREAKFAST 
ADVENTURES: 

A higher grade of 
reserved accommodation , 
in any of 52 European cities. \, 

w.£ 
LJ " .,/' I' y,' \ ' 
;W~-... 
, . ' ..... "n 

They range in price from 
$6 to $18 a day, and include ; 
a room and Continental 
bl'eakfa t in either a 
guesthou 'e or economy 
hotel, taxes and all , ervicc ,-~ . -. , .... ~ ..... '" 
charges. ., . 

As a free honu::i, we also throw 111 slghtsCClI1g 
tours, parties, theater tickets, local 
tran portation and TWA guide books. 

There are 16 of them, covering 19 of the world's 
most popular cities. ., 

They not only de cribe the regular Ightseemg 
attractions, but the offbeat place as well. 

And nave di count coupon good for hotels, 
restaurants, hops, car, tours, etc. 

For only $1 a book you can save up to 
$100 a city. 

They're available at all TWA ticket offices or 
from you I' TWA travel agent. 

TWA's FREE GETAWAY CARD: 
~ 

States and Europe. 

With it, you can charge 
youth airfare, Stutelpas 
Bed and Breakfast 
Adventures, cal' rentals 
and more, in the United 

And then, if you want, you can also tak up to 
two year to pay. 

TWA's CONVENIENT DEPARTURES. 
TWA offers over 150 Amba ~ador fli ght · da ily 
to Europe. And over 40 flights a day across the 
United tates. 

TWA CHARGES THE LOWEST 
SCHEDULED FARE. 
TWA guarante ' that the fare you pay i,' the 
lowest fare charg d by any cheduled non- ' top 
airline. 

And hould the airfare be lowered , we'll refund 
the difference. 

So, call your travel agent 
or TWA. And thi ummel' 
get mol' thanju t a low 
fare to Europ . s...,"«' mJ,~ ,oll nl.ll·\l l ll'l\d) h,T\\\ 

School Supplies 
Cosmetics i 

955 Prospect 

Our lllh yrar ofChartrr fhghts 
to LONDON 

or BRU SELS 
June 16 Sop' 1. $259 
J •• e 23 Aug 31 $269 
June 2. s.p' 8 $265 
).'y 11 Aug 22 !2~5 

"01 P Ie.tler 1213) 217-5200 
~/o S,.". T'IY.llne . 

.175 SloU 1110.' .. Ilvd .. 
len,lyH,l1$ 

or phone S.D. r.p. LOU G~lP£R 
(7T 4) 5U-2OO'l 

COMMUNITY BlOOD BANK 
327 F. St,eet 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues. · Sot. 
9:.5- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

&,.urfu, 
,,.41C., 
... 'S, 

'i,. & Itt' 
L----------------...::.----------------------T;u:e:sd:o:y~,:A:p:ri~1 ;2~5,~1972 Triton Times Poge 7 

, 



~~announcernents--------------__ --------------__ ~ 
tuesday 

There It to be an Informal 
discussion of "Racill 
Tensions It UCSD" which 
will be held It 9 p.m. 
tonight, on the 9th floor 
lounge of Tioga HIli (Muir). 
Free concert of Germln 
medlevIl, Renaissance Ind 
baroque music performed 
by Klrl Wolfram tonight, 8 
p.m. in USB, room 2622. 
"Jesus - the Min for 
Others" will be tonight's 
topic in the continuing 
"Religious Quest" series It 
University Lutheran 
Church at • p.m. Campus 
Plstor John Huber will 
serve IS spelker Ind 
flcilitltor. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, just west of 
the Urey Hall parking lot It 
UCSD. 
"Virgins of the world unite, 
you have nothing to lose, 
including your virginity." 
The American Virgin's 
Association Is having their 
first organlzltional meeting 
today It 3 p.m. in lower 
Blake Lounge. For further 
informltion, cllI 453-1722 or 
223-1296. 
The Christiln Science 
organization will hold its 
regular weekly meeting ir. 
the Bllke conference room 
at7 p.m. 

The Urban and Rural 
Studies and the Dept. of 

istory present a 

colloquium featuring Susan 
Kleinberg from the 
University of Pittsburgh 
today It 11 I.m. in Conf. 
Rm. A, 111 MC. She will 
speek on "Working Cllss 
Women and Flmlly 
Structure: An Historian's 
Approach. " 

wednesday 
PIRG - Importlnt public 
interest research group 
meeting. TodlY It 5 p.m. in 
the Fishbowl (Muir 
commons). Interested? 
We'll see you there. 

Bible study It • p.m. It 
University Lutheran 
Church. Campus Pastor 
John Huber will serve IS 
facilitltor. 9595 La JolIl 
Shores Drive, 453-0561. 

The Ecumenicil 
community is having 
student suppers today at 5 
ptm. at the University 
Lutheran student center. 
Dinner costs 35(. 
Professor Fredric Jlmeson 
will discuss the implications 
of his inaugurll lecture 4 
p.m. in the Revelle Formll 
Lounge. 

ASiln-Americln student 
allilnce meeting will 
discuss summer work 
positions in EOP Ind Third 
College. All those interested 
in working this summer IS 
Asiln representltive plelse 
plln to Ittend. 

.thursday 
Mr. Mlrtl Munoz from 
Sellnas Is Interested In 
recruiting blllnguII 
Indlvldulls who will teach 
In the Sellnas Villey Irea to 
primarily rurll and 
mlgrlnt children and 
youngsters. He will be It 
Revelle Plazl from 9 - 10:30 
a.m.; It Muir Commons 
from 10:45 - 1:30 p.m. and 
Third College from 2 - 3:30. 

Here's your chance to be in 
the movies! Hoedown will 
be It Muir Commons at • 
p.m. 

friday 
Public lecture by C.K. 
Yang, sponsored by 
Progrlm in Chinese Studies 
& Muir Parent's Weekend 
changed from Art Gallery 
to 20 2250, • tonight. 

Science Fiction and 
Fantlsy Club will meet 
today at .. p.m. in lower 
Blake. 

I ntermediate Photography, 
Winter quarter. Put up or 
pick up your finll projects 
in Cluster librlry. Ask 
Margo. 

"Autobiographics" Photo-
graphy show. Intermediate 
Photography Class quarter. 

advertisements for 

general 

HELP! Give In hour or 
more THIS WEEK ONLY to 
SAVE the LEGALIZE 
MARIJUANA 
INITIATIVE! Compare 
Iddresses on Signed 
petitions to precinct list. 
Come to Bllke Hall 
conference room all diY, 
evenings. Bring friends! 
MUST BE DONE by MAY 1 
to qUllify initiative. 

Student Directories are 
IVllllble In the A.S. Office, 
250 MC. Ind Info. ctr., Urey 
HIli. Free to UCSD students 
and Sl. to staff, flculty and 
administrative offices. 

Commuter students :. We 
need your help with a psych 
project. Call Deb at "59-5115 
or 459-1619. 

If you are registered to vote 
In Sen Diego or Los Angeles 
counties and are interested 
In Signing the marijuana 
Inltlltlve, the petitions are 
located In the SpeCial 
Services Office, 250 
Matthews Campus. The 
deadline for submitting the 
petitions to put this 
inltiltive on the ballot is 
May 1,1972. 

ourselves 

The AmerlCIn Civil 
Liberties Union Is currently 
recruiting volunteers to 
work on I speclll GOP 
Convention Prolect 
concerned with seeing thlt 
civil liberties protections 
Ire recognized In the event 
of demonstrltlons during 
the convention. For more 
info. cell 223-3163 or write 
P.O. Box 6233, Sen Diego 
92106. 

Muir Commuter lockers Ire 
stllllvlllible from the Muir 
Dean's office. The lockers 
Ire Sl. for Spring Qulrter. 
The Five Ind Dime coffee 
house needs people to sign 
up for one hour shifts on Iny 
of the nights we Ire open. 
As you know, Five Ind 
Dime is entirely non-profit 
Ind is volunteer stiffed. 
Come by Ind sign up Iny 
night. 

To Scripps Library -
Thank you for the books you 
have donated to the S.F. & 
F. Club leading library. We 
have cltalogued them and 
they can be checked out 
through Laurel, our club 
librarian. (Discovery, 403). 
Peg DeRose, Ind the S.F. & 
F.Club. 

Muir students please 
remind your parents of the 
Muir Parent's weekend 
which will be held on 
campus April 21 and 29. 
Special rates Ire Ivalilble 
at the holiday Inn (Sl" for 
doubles Ind S10 for singles) . 

~--classifieds----------------........ 
travel 
EUROPE 1972 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
SP R I NG-SUMME R-FALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 
LONDON from 5129 One 

Way 
Low Air Fare on 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 
9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE: 
FROM 5229 ROUND-TRIP ; 
JAPAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND-TRIP ; CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2888 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca . 90230. (r) 
EUROPEISYOURSYEAR 
ROUND FLIGHTS ROUND 
TRIP FROM 5220 ONE 
WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYT :ME, COME BACK 
ANYT ME E.S.E.P., 17t613 
QUEENSWREATH w'Ay, 
Irvine. Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 t · Also Middle East, 
ISl(!el and Orient) (R) 

. SerVICeS 
C:xp. These. typing on IBM 
C:xec. My hom~ (near Nat'l 
':ity, 45¢ / page. 479-8972 
' 4/21 ) 
Nude Photo Models (F). No 
expo nec. Upt0525/hr. Good 
hours. 235-0698 nites. (3110) 
DISTINCTIVE TY PING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Service 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828 
Professional passport and 
Application photos. 53.00 a 
set. Bryan 755-3622. (4128) 
IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE. 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS. RE -
PAIRS AND POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDENT DIS· 
COUNT 7748 HERSCHEL 
LA JOLLA (I N THE 
REAR ) 459-9181. 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on I BM-term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. (R) 

Wanted : Nude Models tor 
Photo Fem . No Exp Nec. 
SIS/ hr. Eve, Call 287-4966 

BENIN OF AFRICA 

1105frospecl51 
La Jolla. CallI. 92037 

(714) 454-0805 
Importers • African Fabrics 

CUrios. Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, April 25, 1972 

WRITING CLINIC 
Readers are available to 
check your rough draft or 
help with any writing 
problem you may have. 
FREE, call x 240 1. (T) 

housing 
Asst . Prof . from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P.O. Box 531 UniverSity 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601. 

URGENTLY NEEDED 1 or 
2 roommates for house. 
Own room. Can move now 
453-8778 (4128) 

personal 

~ WANTED \ 
IF YOU ' VE STUDIED I 
MEDITATION EITHER 
ZEN OR YOGA & ARE 
FAMILIAR WITH ESP, 
We would like to have you 
lecture part-time at your 
convenience. 
Please contlct John 
Scott, 459-2600. Leave 
nlme & phone. 

~....,..~..,.....,....--...... 

Sailing 40' outrigger to 
Hawaii. Studying primit ive 
Polynesian navigation 
techniques . Need men or 
women shipmates . Share 
expenses. 689-2111 . (4 / 25 ) 

for ale 
'68 Austin America- 38,000, 
needs engine and trans. 
work, new radials . S450, 755,-
7604. 

Drive a car in Europe this '63 VW Bug- good condition, 
summer : '59 VW bug - 47,000, S5OO. Curt 755-6285. 
good cond o Scandinavian 
Standards. 5200. Inquire 
now : Dennis Hogan, Lille 
Ovregt. 38, SOOO Bergen, 
Norway. (4128) 

AS MOVIES 
friday nite 

TheOltL& 
The PUSSYCAT 

7:30 & 10:30 - USB 2722 - SOc 

saturday nite 
LOVES of a BLOND 

and 
The PAft ~'BRO"ER 

7:00& 10:30-USB2722-$1.00 
Advance lichts at Urey Hall Box OHice 

PLUS-
Entertainment both 

nites at theCOFFEE HUT 
S 1.05 SPAGIIEfri SPEflAL 

includes 
salad & bread 


