
University of California, 
San Diego 

The Case of Piero ArioHi: 

Tuesday May 3D, 1972 
Volume 16, Number 21 

Tenure-Constructive or Destructive 
Rick Dram 

.. All teachers are equal in their academic 
freedom, but some are more equal than 
others." This parody from Orwell 's Animal 
Farm gives insight into an area that is crucial 
for all the members of UCSO's faculty . This is 
the field of tenure. 

There is much misunderstanding about 
tenure at UCSO. Tenure is not a guarantee of 
liferong employment. or a right to full 
academic freedom of expression . It only says 
that after a teacher has served a probationary 
period he may not be dismi sed without 
adequate cau e and is guaranteed full due 
process. But it has come to mean more than 
that. Theoretically , all professor have the 
same basic rights . The first amendment 
guarantees free speech to all. " In the case of 
a teacher," according to a Supreme Court 
statement, .. the government's interest goes 
beyond the promotion of fairness to 
encouragement of an academic atmosphere 
free from the threat of arbitrary treatment. " 
Similarly, due process is granted to all , 
including teachers. 

But tenured professors have a different 
degree of academic due process than non-
tenured ones. This difference is what tenure is 
all about. This difference i intimately related 
to academic freedom of expression and the 
whole question of a professor 's role on 
campus . 

Different Degree 
These are the differences in academic due 

process between a professor who has tenure 
and one who is still on probation. according to 
an American Association of University 
Professors bulletin. 

1) The University mil t initiate proceedings 
to dismiss a tenured profe or. A non-tenured 
professor's job can be terminated without a 
hearing. If he wishes to contest the action. he 
mu t initiate any proceedings. 

2) The University ha the burden of proof in 
cases of a tenured faculty member . [t mu t 
adequately prove that he shOUld be di 'mis ed. 
A non-tenured member carrie the burden of 
proof in his hearing. He must prove that the 
University s deci ion either VIOlated his 
academic freedom or that adequate 
con ideration was not taken. 

3) A tenured professor's hearing is more 
formal than a non·tenured profes 'or 's 
proceedings. 

The basic reasoning for these dilierence is 
that a probationary term i neces ary for a 
university to a sure continued quality of taft' . 
If it granted no assurances 01 lull academiC 
due process professors would be hesitant to 
join and hesitant to " rock the boat. " With 
little due-process rights. faculty would b in 
con tant jeopardy of lOSing their job . 

On the other hand. if all new members were 
granted lull right it I leared that the 
University wou ld be unable to Impro\'e its 
faculty . Once a profes or was hired It would be 
a costly and lengt h~' job to remove him . 

Thus m the l ni\'er ity of Calilornia an elght-
year proba tlonar~' period wa inst Ituted . After 
eight ~'ears a profe or mu t either be granted 
tenure right or dl missed. 

GraltiDI TeDure 
Each department is re ponslble lor grantmg 

tenure to its members . Becau e of tenure 
rights this is an important decision . 

Usually a department will form a 
committee of tenured member to decide each 
case individually. They must integrate a 
diverse number of facts and judgements about 
a professor . Since there are no absolute scales 
or standards the decision is difficult 

According to the faculty handbook. 
professors are judged for promotion in four 
areas : 1) teaching ; 2) research or other 
creative work ; 3) professional activity ; and 4) 
university and public service. The committee 
examine a wide range of sources . The number 
and quality of a professor ' papers and 
dissertations are considered . 
Recommendations and letters again t him are 
taken into account. The number of Ph.O·s 
which he has instructed i al 0 con idered. In 
addition questionnaires and evaulations are 
used . 
. A final important criterion is also 
employed : the abil ity of a profe or to work 
with his colleague . Tenure i similar in some 
respect to a marriage ... each person in a 
department must be able to live with the 
others. If a department feel it can't work 
with an individual it will not grant him tenure . 

To minimize the possibility of a decision 
based purely on subjective judgment , there is 
a wide range of input before the Chancellor is 
asked to decide . A deparLment 's 
recommendation is reviewed by the provost. 
the graduate dean . the Budget Committee and 
the vice-chancellor of academic affair . 

The students ' role in thi process is not well 
defined . Students . especially graduate 
students , are urged to write letters about their 
professors to be put in hi fi le. But how much 
value is placed on these evaluations i not 
known. Much care is taken to keep these 
letters confidential. 

This process encourages hone t evaluations 
without fear of reprisals . But it al 0 allow a 
person to condemn another without being 
liable for his action . A professor i unable to 
cross-€xamine such an accuser to show his 
motives . He is also unable to bring any 
witnesses of his own to testify on hi behalt . 

Weapon or Too[? 
Thi is only one of many problem which 

plague tenure. To gain insight into why some 
view tenure as a weapon in lead 01 a tool to 
improve the un lver ity . a recent tenure ca e 
should be examined . The person involved is 
Piero Ariotti. Profe or of Phllosoph~' He Will 
leave UCSO in a few weeks becau e he was 
denied tenure . 

In October of 1970. Ariolli received a leller 
from hi department chairman latlng. "The 
qua lity of your work did not ju t1fy ~'our 
retention on our sta ff .. 

Why wa Dr. Ariotti nOl retain d at l.:c D? 
This questIOn seem to linger on and perhap 
may never be fully answered. Paul allman. 

ice-Chancellor of AcademiC Allalr . leel 
that each department chairman ought lo tell a 
professor who ask . the pecilic rea on lor 
his non-retention. But Anolli ' department 
chairman Dr. Avrum troll. dl agr e He 
feels thi I. not hi dut\' and 0 he ha not told 
AnoUi the specific rea' on . 

~onlinu~d on PII@~ 2 

Equal Rights Amendment Killed 
In Sacramento Committee 

Camy Sharick 
The Equal Rights 

Amendment , AJR 17 , authored 
by Karablan , was voted 4 - 0 
for "undersubmission" status 
by the five-member Senate 
Rules and Means Committee of 
the Committee of the 
California State Legislature 
Wednesday, May 17. " Under· 
submission " means the 
amendment may be discus ed , 
but for all practical purposes it 
is dead . 

This amendment. designed to 
establish as a fundamental 
principle the full legal equality 
of women, is before th 
California State legislature for 
ratification . Since the pa sage 
of ERA by the federal 
legislature in 1972, it ha been 
approved by 16 states. 

It reads : 
Section 1: Equality of right 

under the law shall not be 
denied or abridged by the 
United States or by any state on 
account of sex. 

2. The Congre s shall have 
power to enforce by 
approperate legi lation, th 
provisions of thi article . 

Section 3. The amendment 
shall take effect two year 
after the date of ratification. 

The Senate Rules and Mean 
Committee voted down the 
senate 's version of ERA . 
carried by Mervyn Oymally. on 
April 30. 

Legislators in opposition to 
the ERA state it i not needed 
because women already have 
equal rights under the fifth and 
fourteenth amendments . 

The Student Lobby . which 
supports the amendment. 

states that the ERA IS 
necessary becau e no woman 
seeking protection of her rights 
under the Fourteenth 
Amendment ever won a ca e 
before the Supreme Court until 
1971. In this case, the Court 
struck down a state law which 
favored men over women a 
administrators of estate . 

This case, Student Lobbv 
representatives feel. wa's 
narrowly confined to it facts. 
and will not serve to grant 
women full equal rights 
. . nless legislator . by 
adopting the ERA, express 
their firm conviction that 
reform must be vlgorou Iy 
undertaken. progre s will be 
slow and costly, with no 

guarantee of succ ss . tated 
Student Lobby representative . 

.. It IS th highest type of 
discrimination to require that 
women assert their equal 
rights under the Fourteenth 
Amendment by haVing is ue of 
discrimination won on a case-
by-case basIs ," stated Paul 
Gassoway, UC Lobby repre-
sentative. 

Another objectIOn to the 
ERA is the amendment would 
nullify special state protective 
labor laws for women. such as 
those governing limitatIOns on 
hours of work . weight lifting on 
the job, and prohl bition 
agamst night work which apply 

conlinued on P88~ 7 

Tbe Cbancellor 's Office was UCSD Police reported that the 
tbe site of a firebombing early culprits were tbree males wbo 
MODday morning. Most of tbe escaped arrest, but came back 
d a m age was 0 n t b e and attempted to run over a 
Cbancellor's patio, an eastern Unicop. 
wing adjacent to bis office. 

PIRG Petitions Shy 400 of Goal 
Steve Brault 

Over 2,300 student 
signatures upporting the 
establishment of a Public 
Interest Research Group have 
been collected during four 
short weeks of petitioning. Thi 
mark is only 400 names shy of 
the 50 per cent figure sought by 
the group to signify approval of 
the consumer-related student 
group. Forty-two tudents have 
volunteered their time while 
petitioning for this project, but 
"with only four days left to 
petition7 it will take a 
maximum effort on everyone 's 
part to reach our goal of 2700 
student ," tated Le o 
Cashman, the grad student who 
is heading the group. 

Succes ful PIRG 's have been 
organized in many universitie 
across the country, but an 
Diego is the first area in Cali-
fornia to start one and UC 0 IS 
the first UC school to bring the 
proposal to the regents . "The 
succes that we have, both on 
campus and in our dealings 
with the Regents. Will 
definitely set a precedent for 
other U campuse ." aid 
Vince Schwent. one of the 
student coordinator He went 
on to explain why it wa 
nece ary to obtain 50 per cent 
of th student ' ignatures to 
start the group. " It's really 
pretty simple." he ald . "Our 
purpo e I to b a public 
interest. not a specia l mtere t 
group. If \.\ dldn 't have the 
upport of th majority 01 
tudent her . we would b 

repr entmg only mdlvldual . 
but as a public mtert group 
we could pro ecut a vlolatmg 
company for Its corrupt 
practice In a cla action Ult 
on behalt o( tudent of 
U D." 

Both Leo a hman and Vme 
Schwent urged any tud nt who 
ha not been approached by a 
CALPIRG petitioner to COl1e 
to the PIRG ofhce under the 

Muir cafeteria . They were been very hard to reach on a 
especially concerned for the one·to-one ba is by the tudent 
commuter student who have who have been petitIOning 

Join the Program Board 
Revelle College Committees 

Applications for the Campu Programming Board are now 
being accepted for 1972-73 . 

The Campus Programming Board is charged with the 
responsibility for providing the University with balanced 
programming and entertainment of high quality . 

To replace members lost through the demise of the AS, the 
Programming Board is eeking two repre entative from each 
college in tead of one a in prevIOus years . We are looking for 
students with interest in music (all kind l. drama , dance, 
lectures. film , and pecial event . plus a lot of energy. 

The Board. which will meel monlhly next vear. is composed 
of students. faculty and admim tratlon . If YOU would like to 
know more about the Board. plea e top by the office in Urey 
Hall Lobby or call 1391 We 'd be happy to talk with you . 

Applications for Board member hip hould be made through 
your college dean. 

Intere ted in repre enting Revelle ollege on Important 
campus committees? The R velie College government I now 
accepting applications for next year 's committees. The e 
include : the Program Committee : Housing and Food erVlce , 
Communications Board . R gl tratlOn . Guest-m-Residence. 
tudent Center : Plaza Committe. and JudiCial Board 

Information on these and oth r important committee can be 
obtained at the Revelle Provo t's Office Contact Dean Erme 
Mort. 

Finals Library Hours 
All UCSO IIbran announ e the follOWing hour of operation 

until June 10 
From today through Thur day . all U 0 IIbrane will b 

open from 8 a.m to II p.m On Fnday, Clu ter I and th 
Biomedical IIbrane Will b open hom 8 a .m. to 10 p.m .. With 
all other libraries remaimng open until 11 

On Saturday. aillibranes Will be ooen from 9 a m to 5 pm . 
except the Sand E. which Will b op II from 9 a m to 11 p m 

On unday. all librane Will be open from 1 pm to 1 I p,m .. 
exrept for Cluster. which Will r I1l1iln ",.,.." ""\' I :' I'!' • :m:l 

ripps. which will clo eat 9 p m 
From Mondav to Thur da" of final week . all hbran will 

remain open from 8 a m until II p.m . xc pl for ~lu t"!' I. 
which will remain open until mldmj!ht. 

n Friday. Clu ter I Will be open from 8 a m to 10 r m .. 
Scripps from 8 a .m to II pm .. and all oth r hbran from 8 
a m to 6 p.m. And on Jun 10. all hbran Will be open from 9 
a m. toS p.m 



AS Exemptions 
The state assembly today unanimously passed legislation 

authored by Assemblyman Paul Priolo (R-Santa Monica. West 
Los Angeles ) to establish a tax exemption for the student 
governments on the several campuses of the University of 
California. 

The bill (AB 1133 ) was introduced by Priolo on behalf of the 
UC Student Lobby. It provides that personal property owned by 
UC student governments is to be exempt from t<rxation. 

Priolo commented. "This bill is primarily aimed at 
facilitating the operation of the student-owned bookstores at 
UCLA and UC Berkeley. In 1959. the student bookstores at the 
state colleges were granted a tax exemption. For some reason. 
this status was not extended to the university campuses. As a 
result, the UCLA and Berkeley students paid over $30.000 in 
inventory taxes last year. The inequity in this situation hardly 
needs comment. 

" I think the speed and ease which which the bill moved 
through the assembly is a tribute not only to its content. but 
also to the hard work of the Student Lobby." Priolo concluded. 

Teacher Prep Program 
A new academic program in teacher preparation will be 

initiated in the fall of 1972. The program will prepare students 
for teaching at the elementary school level. As part of the work 
eventually leading to partial credentialing. Dr. Mehan. 
director of the program, will offer a course entitled "Sociology 
of Education" in the Fall Quarter. Anyone interested and 
qualified may enroll in the course but to be accepted in the 
program itself: there will be a selection procedure according 
to state regulation. Selection of about 20-30 candidates will take 
place during the summer. To help us set up this procedure. 
please fill out a questionnaire in your provost's office or in Dr. 
Michael Benamou's office. 2D 4012 . 

Marii uana Mobilization Day 
The California Marijuana Initiative still needs an additional 

175.000 signatures by June 12 to ensure placing the marijuana 
initiative on the November ballot. 
- Robert Ashford. statewide coordinator for the Initiative. 

explained that of the 327.000 signatures filed on May 1. 
approximately 231.565 were validated . (Veteran petitioners 
contend that anything above 67 per cent validity is a good 
showing. ) 

Although only 95.000 valid signatures are required. the 
175.000 will provide the safety margin for the inevitable 
invalidities during the supplemental period. 

In addition to its daily effort . the California Marijuana 
Initiative has set June 6th - the dav of the California Primary 
- as Marijuana Mobilization Day : imd CMI is planning to send 
volunteer circulators to the polls all that day. when millions of 
Californians will be lining up to vote. . 

CMl has located priority precincts throu"hout the state and 
is now setting up schedules for covering those precincts all day 
long. 

Gordon Brownell. former White House aide and former 
assistant to the Chairman of Governor Reagan 's 1970 campaign 
organization. will be heading up the June 6th drive statewide. 
Brownell stated that there will be millions of Californians 
going to the polls that da.\' to vote In the presidential primary. 
We hope to have as many volunteers as possible Circulating 
CMI petitIOns at the polling places I it 's legal - you just have to 
stay 100 feet away from the polls! I Thus ever v signature 
obtained will be bv a regi tered voter and able to be precincted 
on the spot. 

If you can give any time to CMI between now and June 12th. 
please contact your county coordinator : Spencer Wold at (7 14 I 
488-9753 . 

Ex-IT Editor Makes It 
Roger M. Showley. 24. of San Diego. California _ has been 

appointed press assistant to the Republican National 
Committee. 

Showley wa~ graduated from Point Lorna High School in San 
Diego In 1966. after spending his senior vear in Rotterdam. the 
Netherlands. With the American Field Service 's Americans 
Abroad progr;'m. 

Majoring in hi tory . Showl e~' wa s graduated in 1970 from the 
Umversit~, of Califo rma at San Dicgo. He was news editor for 
two years of he campus newspaper. the TRITOl\ TIMES. and 
spent hiS jUnior year at the Chine e University of Hong Kong 
With the Um\ er Ity 01 Cai llorma ~ Euu" .. tion .\br'larJ orOl(ram 
In 1968-69 Wt lie at UCSD. Showle\' was campus correspondent 
for the San D ego EVENING TRIBU 'E and a sta ff member of 
UCSD 's Publ c Affairs Office 

Upon graduation Showle\' worked at the White House 
Conference 01 Children and Youth In Washington as a writer in 
the com muni 'a ti n3 division 

In January 1971. Showlpv mo\'ed to the Republican Nallonal 
Commlltee where he edited the Wa hlngton Campus News 
Service for the Collcge Republican :"Iallonal Commitlee until 
March of thiS vear . 

Showley 's Political activities began at UCSD. where he wa 
an officer of the Young Republicans Club and a voluntf'er In 
several state and local camp:llgn . 

Showley concentrates on preparing campal!!n materials in 
the R C- commumcatlOns dlVI 100 and press relations He 
resides in Washington 

Page 2 Triton Times May 30, 1972 

Residents React to 
50S Dorm Bombings 

David Buchbinder 
An FBI investigation was underway within hours. last 

Wednesday. as agents sifted through tbe debris of an early 
morning bomb blast which ripped through the third floor of 
Tarastec Hall at San Diego State. injuring a black student. 

The AS Council of State has offered a $1.000 reward for 
information leatling to the arrest and conviction of those 
responsible for the blast. which injured senior Lawrence 
Jackson. The sleeping student received head injuries and was 
pinned beneath his dresser for nearly 20 minutes after the blast 
sent a chest of drawers hurtling onto his bed. 

Charters Can Turn Fun to 
Ashes Van Deerlin Warns 

As to the cause of the bomb. students questioned after the 
incident said the blast could have been attributed to a series of 
events during the past two weeks. one of which. on May 15_ 
found black students' cars at Tarastec Hall painted with the 
words " nigger" and " pigs off campus." In another incident on 
Tuesday. the day before the bombing_ black students received 
warnings in their mail that they were to leave white women 
alone or else. and was signed "WHITE POWER." 

WASHINGTO - Vacation 
fun will turn to ashes for the 
thousands of American 
students who will be stranded 
in Europe this summer by 
unscrupulous airline charter 
services, warns Rep. Lionel 
Van Deerlin, D-San Diego. 

have both the least money and 
most time for travel," the San 
Diego congressman said. 
"Thus they may be particularly 
susceptible to sales pitches for 
vacations abroad.· -

Van Deerlin had first-hand 
experience with the student 
stranding problem while on 
vacation with his own family in 
Europe last summer. He met 
many young people who were 
holding bogus return tickets 
which air carriers could not 
honor. 

In reaction to the bombing incident. security at SDSU 
Residence halls has been ' 'beefed up" for the remainder of the 
term . Night guards have been stationed on all floors which 
contain black students. and outside guards circle the dorms 
ceaselessly in an attempt to protect the residents . The IT 
spoke with some SDSU dorm residents concerning their 
reactions to these incidents. 

An estimated 1l,000 students 
were left without return flights 
last year, and Van Deerlin 
predicted at least 25,000 more 
will be stranded this summer. 

" The Civil Aeronautics 

According to Pendevu. a black freshman who lives in 
Zapotec Hall . adjacent to Tarastec. " I feel that some type of 
security measures are needed. but not necessarily the ones 
now. I think that all the brothers and sisters ought to stick 
together to work this out so nothing like this will happen 
again." 

Board has refused to act, even 
though it has the power to 
drive these dubious operators 
out of business," said Van 
Deerlin_ 

Part of the problem , he 
explained, is the amorphous 
quality of charter regulations 
generally. Most .questiona ble 
charter operations are illegal 
only in a technical sense, in 
that they allow other wise 
ineligible persons to avail 
themselves of low-cost air 
travel. .. Understanda bly . 
perhaps, the CAB has been 
reluctant to crack down on thiS 
sort of violation ." Van Deerlin 
said. 

Later, he introdrued a bill to 
require CAB licensing and 
bonding of "indirect air 
carriers of passengers," the 
individuals and organizations 
who act as middlemen in 
buying air transportation 
wholesale for resale to eligible 
travelers . 

Debi Perluss. a white coed who resides in the same dorm. 
takes an opposing view. " I think that the security measures are 
fucked." she said. " in that they're an infringement upon our 
privacy as residents in this dormitory." 

And Leigh Christianson. also of Zapotec. summed up the 
feelings of many of the dorm residents with. " If someone 
wants to do something bad enou~h . they 're going to find a way 
to do it anyhow." 

But Steve Basay. a resident assistant in Tarastec. seems to 
feel that the measures " should 99 per cent eliminate the 
possibility of further incidents." "The CAB already has 

authority to impose these 
controls, but so far has limited 
itself to regulating charters 
organized specifically for tudy 
tours ." he said. "Olher student 
groups. as well as non-students . 
receive no such protection ." 

Bettina Monahan. the head resident of Zapotec . who has 
lived in San Diego for 25 years, reacted to the racial 
connotations of the incident with. " I truly fell we were getting 
someplace and I feel so ad about the whole thing. We were 
making progress in learning to live together_ and now. 1 feel. 
what we 've gained we've lost. 

Real trouble comes With 
criminal operator who run off 
with their customers' money . 

" Students are a primary 
target of these larcenous 
operators because they tend to 

Pending positive action by 
the CA B or Congress. Van 
Deerlin continued. students 
planning trips abroad should 
thorough Iy check the creden-
tials of charter ervices before 
buying tickets. 

"Naturally." she continued. " I truly think that anyone can 
get anyplace they want if they want . but the security measures 
tend to give the residents a feeling of security." 

But perhaps Thelma Watkins. a black Zapotec resident. 
summed up every resident's basic reactions by saying. "To me 
irs pretty chickenshit. When you can't live in a dorm without 
being afraid of being blown up. it 's pretty bad. ,. 

Tenure at the University-Weapon or Tool? 
conlinued from page I 

Legally it is not clear whether 
university professors who are not 
tenured have the right to know the 
exact reasons . A recent court decision . 
Rotb vs . Board of Regents of tbe State 
Colleltes, seemed to say that the 
professor IS entitled to know the 
reasons . Legality a ide. Saltman said 
he would answer a letter [rom Ariotti 
requesting to know the reasons for hiS 
dismissal. 

Ariotti feels he deserves tenure on 
the basis of the criteria in his faculty 
handbook . In the last SIX years at 
UCSD he has had eight of his works 
published or accepted lor publication 
in prestigious journals . In the 
Humani ties sequence he has 
consistently been ranked as one of the 
top-rated . according to undergraduate 
questIOnnaires . He has superVised the 
instruction of four Ph .D. candidates. 
two of whom have already received 
their doctora te degrees. 

Additionall\' . Dr . ATiOlli has had a 
background . which would seem to 
ideally prepare him to teach at 
Revelle 'College He was originall~' 
trained in phYSICS and worked at th 
Lawrence Radiation Laborator\' . He 
received a master' s degre'e 10 
Philosophy. Finally h got a Ph D 10 
the history and philosophy 01 sCience 

"Totally Irrelevant" 
Ariotli thinks the reasons lor his non-

retentIOn were per onally and 
politically motivated. He can cite 
examples 01 personal ammo Ity 
between himseU and om of th 
tenured members of h IS department. 

For exampl .' dUTIng the IOvaSlOn 01 
Cambodia in 19iO. he took a more 

con ervatlve stance than others in hi 
department. He feels that a " poison 
letter" campaign by graduate students 
resulted from this action. Ariotti also 
complained at times of political 
favoriti m in the granting of grades to 
students. In addition he abstained from 
voting [or a pay increase for one of his 
tenured colleagues. 

In Ariotti 's opinion, his actions 
during the last six years resulted in a 
"personality clash ." It was on this 
basis that he was not given tenure. 

His department chairman. Avrum 
Stroll. denied this . He said that 
"personality differences were totally 
irrelevant to the decision to not grant 
Ariottl tenure." 

Saltman, when he was Revelle 
provos t . asked the Philosophy 
Department to reconsider its decision. 
He talked to each of the tenured 
members individually . But it was to no 
avail. According to Saltman. the 
department felt Ariotti was not a "true 
philosopher" and thus was not 
retained . Saltman even wrote letters of. 
recomm ndati')n for Ariolll to try to 
get him another position in another 
univerSity. 

Th Budget Committee and dpaos 
also looked over Ariotti's file _ Since his 
file IS confldenlial. even Ariotti doesn't 
know what it says about him. He 
contends that the majority of th 
lellers are favorable to him . Any th .. t 
are not favorable he leels are either 
inSignificant or are und hnable 
accusatHlnS 

" A New Change" 
Dr. Ariotti 's case is to all intents 

clo ed . He did not ask for a heaTing 
because he feel It would do little good . 

As Saltman says : " It is not good to 
have to work in a department where 
you are not respected by your 
colleagues." Besides, Ariotti felt an 
investigation might hurt the prospects 
of some of his Ph .D. candidates who 
were defending their dissertations. 

But next year more professors will 
be up for tenure. Next year more 
extremely difficult decisions will have 
to be made . Will there be more 
lingering questions next year? 

Hopefully tenure cases will be 
decided in a much clearer manner next 
year . To assure this Saltman has 
instituted a new change in the tenure 
procedure for next year . In the past the 
Chancellor would decide cases of 
tenure despite the feelings of provosts 
and professors . 

In the future Saltman has decided 
that, " In each case where there is 
disllgreement I will personally talk to 
the parties involved ." He will discuss 
all the factors in the decision in hopes 
of averting problems. 

This may help to clear up the status 
of tenure at UCSD, but questions will 
still remain . Why can't a profcssor see 
the specific charges before him and 
defend himself? Why can't he bring 
favorable witnesses to testify on his 
behalf? Can a professor be refused 
tenure solely because he can't get 
along well with his fellow professors? 
Should tenure be a sword of Damocles 
hanging over each of the necks of the 
non-tenured profp~sors at UCSD? What 
should be the students ' role in the 
tenure process? 

These and other questions must be 
answered before the issue of tenure 
can be resolved ... Is tenure at UCSD 
constructive or destructive? 

A collection,of theoretical works by the late Julian Carrillo 
one of MeXICO s foremost composers and conductors. has bee~ 
pre ented, .to the UCSD Central University Librar.v bv the 
composer s daughter. MISS Dolores Carrillo Mexican 
cuultural atta~he to the United States. . 

MISS Carrillo. distinguished concert pianist who has 
performed all over the world . is carrying on an extensive 
lecture program to elu~ldate her fa ther ' works_ She is curator 
of the Carrillo CollectIOn at San Angel in Mexico C't d . 
presently stationed in New York City where she per~:;~; h~~ 
duties as cultural counselor from the Mexican government to 
the U.S. 

The presentation of the books to the library was due 
pnmanly to the Interest Of. Mr~ . Patricia Smith, UCSD 
graduate student 1fI musIc who IS wrtting her master 's thesis on 
Carnllo and became aquainted with Miss Carrillo while doing 
her . studIes. The collection. which not only involves the 
diSCipline of mUSIC. but mathematics. physics and history as 
well , ~as accep~ed by UCSD Librarian Melvin J _ Voigt ' Dr 
John Sllber' ,Chalrman of the UCSD Department of Musi~ and 

Mr~ . Smith s graduate advisor. Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce 
Acting Dean of Graduate Studies and Research' and Dr' 
Ramon E. Ruiz. Chairman of the UCSD Depa~tment of 
History. 

<:;arriBo was the creator of the "13th sound" m~sical system 
which led to n.ew perspectives in the development of musical 
systems. and Instrum~nt~ . The " 13th sound" is a symbolic 

~ame gIven to Carrtllo s system of microtones. musical 
Intervals smal!er. than the half-tone upon which the normal 
system .of musIc IS based. In 1895 after an acoustics class in 
productIon of sounds. Carrillo discovered 96 different musical 
Intervals rather than the normal twelve in the traditional 
~tave and was .~u~~ that there were probably more to be 
dblscove~ed . The 13 symbolizes the possibilities that opened 
y the ~Iscovery of the smaller intervals. 
Carnllo conti~u.ed his research and constructed instruments 

and a ~ew wntmg and numbering sYstem based on his 
dlscovenes. Applying his very complex system to the regular 

musI~al s.ystem. he was able to come up 'with 13_300 different 
combmaltons. H.e IS the developer of pianos in third-tones. 
quarter-tones. fIfth-tones. and up to 16th-tones. and also 
creator of the quarter-tone guitar played by Tijuana artist 

, Pablo . Torres. the only person who has ever managed to 
specahze Inconcertlzmg on the instrument. 

AS MOVIES 
Thursday, June I 

LEMONADE JOE 
at the Coffee Hut 

Friday, June~ 
'ANISHINGPOINT : 

and 1-2-3 
7:30 & 10:30 USB 2722 50' 

Saturday, June3 

THE DAMNED 
7:00 & 10:30 USB 2722 $1 

Don 't Miss The 
COFFE,E HJJT'S 

Terlyakl 
Steak Special 

only SI.25 
Every Tuesday & Thursday. 

Includes Choic. of French Fries or 
Fried R & 

10....... 
MI~s Dolores Carrillo (rlgbt), Mexican cultural attache to tbe 
Unlled Slales and daughter of tbe late composer Julian Carrillo 
presents a collection of ber fatber's theoretical works to tb~ 
UCSD Ce~t~a) University Library_ Examining the works are 
Mrs. Patncla Smitb, UCSD graduate studenl in music and Dr 
John Silber, Chairman of tbe UCSD Department of Music. -

University of California, San Diego Pboto 

Possibilities 
Scintillate, Scintillate 
Globule Vivifie 

A series of short films. made to commemorate the 400th 
anmversa~v of the birth of German astronomer Johannes 
Kepler. wlllbe shown at 8 p.m. this Thursday In USB 2722. 

The. showlng_ to be presented by Dr. Martin W. Wierschin 
ASSOCiate Professor of German Literature and Gerrna~ 
Phllolo~y at UCSD. is free and open to the public . 
.. The fIlms are "The S.~ars . " "The Outlawed Astronomer." 

Ke~!er and HIS Work. and " Retracing Johannes Kepler ' 
Life. They were furnished to the campus bv the Goethe 
Institute of MUOIch . Germanv. . 

Kepler. bo:.n in 1571. intended to di cover " the harmony of 
the umverse and suc~eeded in formulating the three baSIC 
laws o~ plan~tar.v mO~lOn . The film provide an insightinto 
Kepler ~ fasclnaung life. work . and ideas. They depict the 
mteresttng relatIOnships between Kepler's ' discoveries . 
modern astronomy. and modern surrealistic art. Thev also 
prov.lde a look at the cultural background of an era of reiigious 
tensIOns and political unrest. 

Stop Singing Eugene, 
You're Losing Your Hair! 

What does ~ grandfather'S clock. an eccles cake. and a bomb 
shelter ha~e 10 common? othing much other than being three 
elements In the UCSD drama club 's first major production 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues. -Sol. 
9:~-S: 30 

Women Wtkomo 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233-1328 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
11 05 ProspeCI SI. 

La Jolla. Calif. 92037 
(714) 454-0805 

Importers • African Fabrics 
Curios. Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

~_I1" '" lIl1. 10' .... 

DR MICHAEL DEAN'S HYP-
NOSIS AND SElF HYPNOSIS 
RECORD for memory con-
centration. Educa'ianal sug· 
gesllons, weight redutlion 
stop smoking, relaxation ' 
athletICS. available at th~ 
UCSD Bookstore Also Dr 
Dean's books,' . 
Why Do We Jump /0 Conclu-
"ons?, The Closed MInd , How 
/0 L .... n Misunde"tandlngs , 
and UndMtondlng and Beln9 
Undewaoo. 

going under .the nonlitle of ",' . The evening will consi t of 
three slgmflcant one act plav which ha ve never been 
presented together In a Single evening before 

The Bald Soprano, Eugen Ionesco' famous anti-pia\' . will 
be the opener for the evenmg. The precedent hattef1n~ plav 
which heralded the beginning of the o-called Avante-garde 
theatre JS under the direction of Larrv Deckel 

Next. ~rawling Arnold, from the pen of wflter /cartoom t 
Jules Felffer. the author of Little Murders and Tbe Wbite 
House. Murder Case Will be presented . Gordon Lusk IS 
directing. 

.Finally. Tbe Du~b Wai.ter, b\' Bfll1sh plavwright Harold 
Pmter. author of pflzewmnm~ The Homecoming I which plaved 
here In San Diego some months ago I and The Caretaker (a 
seen here on campu last yean ThiS Psycho-suspense 
surroundmg the llv~s of two killers i directed by 'Steve :"Iogar. 

.The plays are be 109 pre ented one mght onlv and admittance 
Will be on a first come first served ba is . The productIOn will 
open June 2nd. at 8 p.m. at the L'CSD Theatre. 203 :\lallhews 
For further mformation. call x 2492 or 453-ED A. 

Musical Morphemes 
An "Evening of Experimental Sound " with tanlev Lunetta 
con~emporarv Call~ornla composer_ w1l1 be pre ented tOOight 
at 8.30. p.m: 10 Recllal Hall 409. 1\1 C. 

Lunetta IS a facultv member at UC DaVIS. an active 
performer who ha~ appeared as solOist on various series of 
~~nt~mporary musIc 10 San Francisco and other major cities In 
. e OI~ed States. He has many compositions to his credit and 
IS aSSOCiate edllor of the avant garde mUSIC magazine Sourc 
as well as leader of the /-!roup ARMA AMRA T . ht~' 
performance will be. a demonstratIOn of his new' eleoc~~~mc 
musIc system bUIlt With digital computer CirCUits 

Also o~ the week 's calendar la concert developed 10 a 
Ksemlnar In CompoSitional LmgulSllcs. directed bv compo er enneth Gaburo offered b\' the CSD M ' D' d - th . - USIC epartment 
uflng e wmter quarter. 1972 The point of departure wa to 

Iconslder language as music as distinct from music as anguage. 
The.class was orgamzed a an cnsemble. and gave seriou 

anenllon to . the ~eoustical. phv iological. and structural 
aspects of llngUlsttcs. The program on Thursdav. June 1 
sponsored by the UCSD Department of MUSIC will be given J~ 
408 M . at 8:30. It Will c!>nsist of the following works made bv 
some of the members of the seminar . 

AI Merrian : "8¢ postage due" 
Jeff Lobn: " The ontological argument for the eXI tence of a 

supreme being" 
David Gamper: " ;'\Ioysse" 

Barry Liescb : " On The 42nd " 
Warren Burt : "Real Science Comlx Funmes no l ' 

.. John Lilly Meet the Dolph1Os" 
Bruce Lelblg: "PROBE lianguage acqulSll10n In an ambi-

guous context : communlcal1on In nOISY channels I" 
Both concerts are free and open to the pubiic 

Porting is such 
sweet sorrow- .. 

The UCSD MUSIC Department 's pnnJ! concert season Will 
close With an even10g of chamber musIc from the cia e of 
Hams Goldman. visiting professor In Chamber Music thiS 
Sunday at8 :30 p.m. In Recital Hall 409. M C. . 

The program includes Divertimento by Mozart With Pat 
Im.sa~d . VIO!In_ Stephen Levintow. Viola . Alice Connolly. cello. 
TrIO ID C MInor, Opus 9 no_ 3 by Beethoven. With Karen Dirk . 
vlohn. Rachel Kam . viola . and Ron Robbov. cello and Haydn 
Quartet in. G Major Opus 77 no_ 1 With Mar.v Gerard and Mary 
Karo vlohn. Judy Hender holt viola. and Marv Lindblom 
cello. . . 

Harri Goldman. a former member of the Paganinl Quartet 
and . student of the Heifetz rna ter clas . a well as concert 
solol t and . concert master of a number of vmphonv 
orcheslras. IS presently a faculty member of the C · C musIc 
department All the performers are tudent of the UCSD 
MUSIC Department The conc rt i Ire and open to the publiC 

Of~N ~'TA(;li: 
?I1.1U GHl'.1 
;r."" ::"/' 

BEGGAKs O..:.l:.t.A 

HI-" " 
··'·'_S .. 

,··· •• • ............ *f 
: Ourllth)-earoj : 
• LO" COST FLI<;IIT . I i for slud.nll. Examples: • t"ROME S170500W: 
• to LONDON S 166 00 ow! 
• t _.j. ""I" ~ i 
.. -- •• '"", o~ _\II) Ow 
: london-ATHENS 6630 OW 
! tondon-NAIROBI J 73.00 OW: 
i H ...... I ~r. Mti : 

I .... 1Msti1lllieM. l-..st fJ" Irwel iIri. Sill" 'lAva IN( ! 
• 12Il1277-mt etl19-lill • 
1.!!75 S ........ I. I_Iy Hils ! ~ ................ ., 

May 30, 1972 Triton Times page 3 



... - ...... ----.., ... _--_ ....... ...... 
__ .... _ ..... J .... ---_ .......... , ... ... 
--, ........ _ ..... __ '-....... __ .. M~ .. 

... ___ ...... __ . nnOll_. 117_1IoI. _ 

Tenure - A Sword 
of Damocles 

The circumstances surrounding Arlottl's failure to 
receive tenure are significant to everyone beeaun they 
are a sample of what occurs in all departments at UCSD. 
Non-retention clue to pe"onal or political rHsons Is an 
unfortunate fact of life In every department. 

The rule of thumb gemS to be that If you always agr .. 
with the tenured profenon in a department, don't 
propose any radical Ide .. , don't beeome too popular and 
don't beeerne a thr .. t to any...e's authority or status, 
then you mitht be granted tenure. OtherWIM, ...... It I 

Of CllUrsa " Is Important that the mtmben of a 
department be able to talk with one another. But a well-
oiled, rubber-stamp department is lust .. dangerous IS 
one that can't function at all. Gadfli" and new Ideas are 
Important In every department. 

It weuld be terrible to Imagine what would happen to a 
Gam.. If he had ceme to UCSD pruching far-out 
th .. ries of planetary motion. It would be hard to 
imagine that he would have ever btln hired, let alone 
granted tenure. 

In order for UCSD to grow and mature it must 
continue to not only allow, but, also seek, a certain 
amount of disharmony. For controversy and debate are 
the best ways to seek the real answers to ever-changing 
questions in this' world. 

The whole system of tenure should thus be re-
examined with this thought in mind. 

In every caM where a profeuor disagrees with a 
departmental tenure decision, the Budget Commi"ee 
should become an active participant. It should not only 
look over a professor's file, which may have bun 
poisoned by the department; but also should seek 
additional outside opinions. 

A professor who feels that he has been wronged should 
be allowed to be cross-examined by the Budget 
CommiHee. But he should al50 be allowed to know all of 
the specific charges which have been made. If nothing 
else these charges will tell him how to improve in the 
future. 

Even if the names of the actual accusers are removed, 
specific complaints should be presented to the professor. 
Additionally he should be allowed to bring in witneues 
to testify before the commiHee on his behalf. 

Political motives should be ignored as I basis for 
denying tenure. Personal re.sons should be considered 
but should not be the sole reason for loss of tenure. 

Finally student input into the decision-making process 
should be measurably increased. After all, it is our 
continued good education that is at stake. We should be 
able to k"p a professor who can motivale us wilh 
lectures. And we should be able to have a voice in 
dismissing those who read ancient {ecture notes and 
blindly agrees with their colle.gues. 

The case of Piero Ario"i has opened some eyes to the 
problem. In the fall we must take the initiative and 
work to clear up the matter of tenure and make it truly 
constructive. 

''''''''N'E'i'i'c''o 
Tra. vel 'lMh i I.e 

you 81iu.dy 
8u.~~er 

••••••••• 

'lMEEKS FOR 
$485 

lONIVERSITY 
OF MEXICO 

INCLUDES 
• Transportation 
• Tuition 
• Accommodations 

For ~u.:r"ther info. 
'W'ri"te or c a II : 
Ten<Xlhtitlan-Mexico Travel Agency 
B(lX 2'6279, L .A ., CAL. 0026 
(2 13) 487-6235 . 

. . . 

Page 4 Triton Times May 30, 1972 

rNine 
Understanding the Issues in 

Pro·position 9 
TheSupr 
and Pro 

-.1am Wilson 
The Clean Environment Act is popularly 

being criticized for being a law that combines 
too many things . good and bad measures, all 
(quoting 5/'J:J172 TI) "in one inseparable 
jumble." This is a common opinion heard on 
campus too. The saddening aspect of this 
situation is that when questioned as to the 
" bad" clauses of the law most student voters 
are uninformed . The danger lies in the possi-
bility that this critically important proposition 
will be defeated by a lack of understanding of 
its issues. A table displaying materials on 
Proposition 9 is now set up in the Humanities 
Library ; it includes all the books and 
pamphlets from which this article was drawn 
plus others. Main sources for this piece were : 
"an Analysis of Proposition 9" by "Women 
For: ," "Oops! ... The Story of Nuclear Power 
Plants" by Roger Rapoport. Ramparts 3/72. 
" Nuclear Power and the Environment" by the 
San Diego Section of the American Nuclear 
Society, and information stated in the on-
campus debate of Proposition 9, 5/17172 . 

The main criticism of Proposition 9 is that it 
calls for a five year moritorium on the 
construction and manufacture of nuclear 
power plants. (sec. 16 25711) Critics of the 
restriction claim this will cut off research on 
nuclear power, precipitate a power crisis. and 
increase atmospheric pollution due to an 
added dependency on fossil fuel power plants. 

The claim that the five-year pause will cut 
off research is a misrepresentation of facts . 
There are as of yet many unsolved problems 
involved in the generation of power by nuclear 
power plants. Included among these is the fact 
that radioactive wastes from nuclear power 
plants have a half-life of 24 ,000 years. At this 
time there is no way to dispose of nuclear 
wastes that does not depend upon the action of 
men to respond with emergency procedures in 
the case of accident or leakage . To expect 
such controls for more than 24.000 years is 
unrealistic. to say the least. Efforts at finding 
geological depositories have so far been 
fruitless . Another danger is concerned with 
emergency safety features of existing nuclear 
power plant is the " Emergency Core-Cooling 
System". which is meant to control accidents 
due to failure of the coolant in the reactor. 
This system has never been tested in full 
scale. 'and in model simulations the system 
failed six out of six trials. Thus there is 
reasonable doubt concerning the reliability of 
this mechanism. Failure could result in 
release of radioactive gas and dust into the air 
equal to 100 Hiroshima-type bombs . Other less 
startling but equally dynamic problems 
include massive thermal pollution and the 
threat of lE'akage when nuclear wa tes are 
transferred . 

The threat of a power crisis is a questionable 
problem. There are at this time many un-used 
sources of energy. and situations of wasted 
energy. An example of wasted energy is thc 
fact that all-electric homes consume twice as 
much energy as gas and electric homes. Yet 
the utility companies encourage "all -electric " 
homes. This is incongruous with their claim to 
be concerned with a ·· power crisis" 
Numerous other examples of waste exist. 
Possible new power sources include solar 

power, geothermal energy. magnetohydro-
dynamics. and fusion energy . These sources 
have not yet been researched enough to wisely 
assess their potentialities and drawbacks . It is 
likely this research will not be done until 
government and power companies are 
temporarily refused the option to sink all their 
resources into nuclear power plants. 

Although it is true that the moratorium may 
necessitate construction of new fossil fuel 
plants, to state that this will create more 
pollution is false . These new plants will have 
to comply with the State Air Resources Board. 
regional pollution board, or their air pollution 
control district standards for legal levels of 
emissions. 

The pause in nuclear power plant con-
struction is meant to be a period for research 
and exploration of alternatives. It has the 
approval of Ralph Nader and the Union of 
Concerned Scientists. This nation has 
experienced many tragedies due to premature 
use of inventions which were not suffiCiently 
tested. Nuclear power at this time is 
questionable enough to merit further 
research. Electrical power for the interim is 
available. 

Other points of criticism involve the 
immediately effective standards lor low 
sulfur content in diesel fuel (Sec. 2. Chapt. 8. 
39284 ), the section concerning the elimination 
of lead from automobile fuel (Sec. 2, Chapl. 8. 
39281.1. 39281.2 ). and the clause that outlaws 
all persistent chlorinated hydrocarbons (DDT 
and related compounds) (Sec. 18. Article 3.5). 
Critics of the DDT clause ignore the section 
which allows for the use of persistent 
chlorinatetl hydrocarbon s upon the 
authorization of 4/5 of the state legislature 
(14076 ) which would be easy to gain in the case 
of an impending emer~ency such as critics 
predict. Opponents to the removal of lead 
ignore its dangerous chemical properties and 
the fact that it makes catalytic mufflers 
ineffective . In relation to problems concerning 
the immediate availability of legal diesel fuel. 
it is likely that if diesel trucks are unable to 
get enough fuel. the courts will rule " undue 
burden" and the companies will have an 
extended period to comply. This immediately 
effective clause was included on the basis of 
advice given by combustion engineers of the 
State Air Resources Board. They state that 
low sulfer oil is available in sufficient quanti -
ties on the world market. 

Proposition 9 is a responsible law. It was 
composed with the advice and consul tation of 
many environmental and power experts 
including John GoHman of the Atomic Energy 
Commission. members of the State Air 
Resources Board. Roger Diamond. Attorney. 
and others. It has the endorsement of The 
Union 01 Concerned Scientists. all but two 
individual Sierra Club councils. Friends of the 
Earth. and many other groups and individuals. 
Investigate the weakness in the criticisms of 
this law. The Clean Environment Act is a 
chance for affirmitive action in the direction 
of pollution control. It is critically important 
that California voters begin to create a 
balance of power between themselves and the 
industries that pollute for profit. 

triton times 
~ of CoIoI ...... Soo ~ 

U .... CtIoIonIIo tzOll 

In listening to al\ the 
con, concerning t'f()posi.~Jr! 
that the basic ~UDlfOV~. 
definition of the 

Those SU~'Dor· lmE PI'f.!I.ilrgue 
the environment 
therefore we need 
accomplish cleaning 
coastal areas. This 

, way of saying that · 
have a clean envilllill~luse 
environment after all 
the public welfare. 

Those opposing Prn' .... ~.t 
this legislation will have.mificatilons 
which will be aarnagl~ 
law, they I&I"dr;., 
trucking and rapid 
again seems to me . 
that it is in the 
healthy economy. ueca.)(). 
central role in the 

Whatever your positill.ition 
will have to 
some economic replCl1:1l. 
been carefully 
community or' wl.llur.rer 
dislike the bus:ine~sses. 
that the law 
unreasonable r,.'ln",,, 

However. people 
ultimate authority in 
the public interes't is 
the United States. 
proposition decide 
courts if it passes it 
Supreme Court. What 
about it? 

The Court has 
interest in the ~~~~:~ri~lr~ private nrrlnPlrt:vv 
cases that we .... ''''1U1 
out because the ~ipml:"lnt 
economic harm to 
were trying to 
man 's favour . 

However. in the 1 .. 1,_~rnU"n 
the Court. that agaillSlllworld 
informed the Sierra 
of the public interesl4:ommg. and 
that it would include The 
next time someone Supreme 
Court with an thel' will 
have grounds . This has 
been a long and for environ-
mentalists in this 

However. pf()pos:lli~1I 
destroy all this proJ~Tltlim~ 
passeS. and eIIIt~ercll sslons 
evervone fears be 
chalienged in ·nd Its 
way up to the Su will 
be presented with a callJ~l(llnf law 
which purports to c1ean-'r' '''~ nn' at 
the same time as it IS to strike 
down a law which haS the public 
interest economicalll see the 

Graduation 
Toni Laura 

(11(1 .,,2OCIO. n t 1011. _ ... In 1017 

Last Tuesday. it was suggested to graduating 
money given for cap. gown and class gift would 
used in a reliel fund or other worth v cause. 

These projects should . of course'. be supported. 
tinuing basis. not once every four years. Molly Sol.,n. Ed,'or·,n-Chief Terry Borak. tu,inenMonogfr 

ORGANIC 
STRA WBERRIES 

The Vegetable Shop 
East on Via De La Valle on the 

Way to Rancho Santa Fe 

OPEN: Sun.-Fri, 10 to 4 Sat. 10: 38 to 12 

Just as we spend time working on a "",nmllnilii. 
also spend some lime now and then to 
friends a joyful event, a happening . a "''' .. nr·~1 "III. 

On June 11. amidst music . laughter. fa 
seniors at this school will celebrate an event: 
unique years of personal growth and change. 

The "ritual " involved is unnecessary. but It 
symbolize what's happening by wearing' the 
gown we show that the experience we 've 
very communal one : we've done it together. 
is colorful. it adds to the atmosphere of a 
besides. parents really dig seeing their own kid 
scholar. 

Who needs a class I(ift. you ask? The gift . 
changes imposed by us on the Uni 
student-teacher rapport. and several course 
modified for the better by members of our class. 

A group of Revelle seniors has thought of a gift : 
flowering tree. an orange-blossomed Tulip tree. 
It will represent all of our individual additions J 
four years to the continuinj( community effort ~ 
university . 

dilemma ? The Court must choose between two 
definitions of the public interest that it has 
just come around to accepting as a combined 
definition of the public interest. What is the 
court to do? If they sustain the law, then the 
way is cleared for all kinds of anti-pollution 
legislation which could have a disastrous 
effect upon the business of the counlry. and 
hence the economy. which needs no more 
problems at this stage. If the Court overturns 
the law. then all other anti-pollution laws 
passed by any other state that remotely causes 
economic problems will be challenged. and 
probably be defeated. on the basis of the 
Proposi tion 9 decision . 

If this law was rewritten to give business a 

little time to adjust. or make the demands a 
little less demanding. then this pote.ntial 
disaster could be avoided. To put the Court In 
this kind of a bind would mean certain defeat 
for Proposition 9. and with it all the work of 
the Sierra Club and others in bringing the 
court around to an expanded definition 01 the 
public interest would have gone for nought. 

I therefore urge a DO vote on Proposition 9. 
or at the very least some serious r~riting of 
the law. If there is one thing this country has 
had it is enough revenge legislafion. Sure we 
need a cleaner environment, but open attacks 
on business, rather Ihan co-operating with 
them is nol the answer. Remember - Rome 
was not built in a day . 

Y es on Proposition 9 
Tom Norris 

People's Lobby 

The article by Mr. Stoddard. "Proposition 9: 
an Evaluation". (Tues. TRITON TIMES) 
contained three major misconceptions that 
need to be 'Cleared up. These are : nuclear 
power plants, lead in gasoline and civil or 
class action suits. 

NKlear Power Pllats 
In regard to nuclear power plants there has 

been no claim at any time by the People's 
Lobby or any other environmental group I 
know of that Ihere is any possibility of a 
nuclear power plant exploding. I had thought 
that this knowledge was generally accepted 
though apparently there is still some conlusion 
about it. 

One of the major fears of nuclear power 
plants, which Mr. Stoddard failed to mention. 
is the fail -safe back-up cooling system. In the 
event of a mechanical failure of the main 
cooling system the back-up system is to keep 
the reactor from over heating and causing a 
core melt-down. This fail-safe system has only 
been tested in a small scale mock-up and it 
failed to work . This brings doubt about the 
safety of nuclear power plants. Fortunately 
the probability of a mechanical failure is very 
improbable though one failure could be 
disastrous by releasing radioactive material. 

One of the other problems with nuclear 
reactors is the nuclear waste. The comparison 
of nuclear waste to oil and coal wastes is not 
valid. Nuclear wastes are far more dangerous 
il they get into the environment than are 
gaseous wastes of oil and coal burning. 
Nuclear wastes also must be sa felv stored for 
thousands of years out of contact with the 
biosphere. 

It is also claimed bv Me. Stoddard that we 
should not "cut 0(( resea rch on this highly 
promising technology ". Last year private and 
governmental spending on fission research 
and development was in the billions of dollars. 
while funds have been scarce or non-existent 
in research which would utilize other sources 
for electrical energy. In particular fusion 
research received only $30 million last year. A 
fusion reactor when developed will have no 
radioactive dangers and heat will be the only 
problem. Fusion reactors also will have an 
almQst unlimited fuel supply. Two other 
possible sources of energy. geothermal and 
solar. have received very little research 
money. 

Before we commit ourselves all out to 
fission reactors for the next 25 to 50 years we 
need to stop and evaluate the other possi· 
bilities for producing electrical energy. A 

moratorium on nuclear reactor construction 
would provide us with that time. 

Lead 
Concerning the reduction of lead in gasoline, 

one of the main reasons for its removal was 
not given. The best method. at present, for 
reducing auto emissions appears to be the 
catalytic converter which would be attached 
to the exhaust system of all cars. These 
converters are capable of removing a high 
percentage (75% - 95% ) of the carbon 
monoxide. nitrogen oxides and unburned 
hydrocarbons from auto exhaust. These gases 
are the major contributors to smog. With lead 
in the gasoline the average lifetime of the 
converter is reduced from 50.000 miles to 
about 10,000 miles. Without the removal of 
lead (rom gasoline there is really not much 
hope of cleaning up the air since auto exhausts 
are responsible for 86% of all pollutants 
emitted into San Diego's air. 

Class Actioa Suits 
The idea of using civil and class action suits 

as the main method for cleaning up the 
environment has two main flaws. First, in 
most instances suits can be filed onlv after 
damage hasoccurredor to force an agency or 
industry to obey the law, but not to make law. 
Suits also do not guarantee that polluting will 
not later recur with another industry. 
Secondly. to complete a law suit requires a 
large amount of time. money and energy on 
the part of the person bringing the suit and 
most people do not have the resources to do 
this . 

What is needed to clean up and protect the 
environment is vigorous action on the part of 
the regulating agency to enforce the laws and 
tough laws to stop pollution. Civil and class 
action suits can besl be used to make sure that 
the agencies enforce the laws but they cannot 
effectively substi tute for the law. 

Proposition 9. "The Clean Environment 
Act " wl)uld not only ban construction of 
nuclear power plants for rive years, remove 
lead from gasoline in J976, and increase class 
action suits, it will also : limit the number of 
variances an industry could get , set standards 
for first stage smog alerts. strengthen conflict 
of interest laws. open air pollution control 
board records to the public. eliminate offshore 
oil drilling and ban certain persistent 
chlorinated hydrocarbon pesticides. 

Proposition 9 is not a cure-all but it is a first 
step to cleaning up the environment and much 
more will sti ll need to be done. Vote Yes on 
Proposition 9 on June 6. 

Felturine Iho only profHlionl1 Repertory eomPiny o.n 
the Welt Coell. perform In, In I functlonlne _1101 of Enellnd I 
ori,inll Gtobe PllyhouM. 

PRODUCING DIRECTOR. CRAIG NOEL 

NQ~ 
WIVES OF 
WINDSOR 

LCM:'S KING 
LJI3OJR'5 RlCHJlRD 

LOST III 
DIRECTED 8'1' DIRECTEO Bv DIRECTED BY 

JACK O'8RIEN ERIC CHRISTMAS EDWARD PAvSON CALL 
NIGHTLYe.cept Monday, 8:30. Matinees Wednesday, Sat-
urday & Sunday. 2:00 p.m. Festival entertainment begins 
half hour before evening performances on the greensward 
fronting the Old Globe Theatre. 
TICKET PRICES: Fri. & Sat. eves., $6.00 & $5.50; Tues., 
Wed., Thurs., Sun. eves., $5.50 & $5.00; Wed., Sat., Sun. 
mats., $5.00 & $4.50; Students thru high school, $2.50 
(mats. only). Group discounts: 234-3601 
INFORMATION & RESERVATIONS: 239-2255 

BALBOA PARK olb globe tbeatr~ SAN DIEGO 

AI.x has escoped 
from Vidal Sonoon 
in Sn.r ly Hill. 

Ale. likes 
hoir fa be soft, 

~k)' . SWinging 
silky. feminine 
ond happy 

May 30, 1",2 Triton Times Page 5 



Croquet tourney turns 
into a marathon contest 

Pot Stacy 
The First Annual Sonny Williams Memorial 

Croquet Tournament turned out to be a 
rousing success. There were so many entrants 
that the original plans for each couple to play 
three times before the finals had to be 
scrapped in favor of only once around per 
team, with the winner of the three-team first 
round advancing to the semis. As it was, those 
hearty devotees of croquet who stuck around 
for the finish were there some nine hours. Bob 
McMillan and Leah somehow managed to 
stumble by all the opposition and sneak into 
first place in front of Bill Meister and Jeannie 
Davies . The rumor that Jon Presson and 
Spellens were deprived of victory by being 
disqualified when· it was discovered that they 
were both members of the opposite sex is 
defiDitely not true . The truth is, they blew it ! 

Coed water polo in its never-say-quit 
attitude is still going strong even in the fourth 
week of the quarter. In the Alligator League, 
Cookoo's Nest is sitting on first place with an 
untarnished record . The fact that this is 
obviously the easiest league is evidenced by 
the fact that both the Hydroids and the Bull 
Goose Loonies are challenging for the tille. 
Breaker League competition finds freshmen 
and women Underwater Cheapshots riding the 
crest of the league. Becker 's Grundgy 
Grunions [ is fighting for the top but they 

might have to seUle for second place to the 
Cheapies. 

Softball playoffs are proceeding slowly, but 
the action will pick up this week. The 
Dungeeps clobbered Bran X to earn the 
"privilege" of playing De Anza in the first 
round. Sprout has vowed, "No way we 're 
losing to the Geeps," and he's probably right. 
Off and EOP play to determine who plays the 
Ramblers to find out who plays Beats Me in 
the firs t round . What a hassle ! In the lower 
bracket the Orcs barely squeaked by Super fly 
11-10 in one of the tightest games ever played 
in intramural softball. This puts the Orcs in 
the semifinals awaiting the winner of Slug 

Fe~t versus the Honkers . The Horny Humpers 
drew (and drew and drew ) the Wallbangers in 
the first round of coed playoffs while Wasted 
meets the Bush League Bombers. The Foul 
Balls knocked off Atomic Pile and will play 
the winner of the Muad Dib, M.S. 1,2,3 contest. 

WATER POLO STANDINGS 
ALLIGATORS BREAKERS 
Cookoo's Nest 3 0 Cheapshots 5 0 
Hydroids 3 I Grundgy ( 5 1 
Bull Goose Loonies 3 1 Snoids 5 2 
Megaplex Institute 1 1 Skinny Dippers 3 3 
Dickie 's Faggots 3 3 Grundgy II 2 3 
Drowned Rats 2.,'j Swash 1 3 
Rubber Duckies 0 3 Naz I 5 
Coast Cruisers 0 3 Cyclic Universal 0 6 

Oarmenend 
Season in 
Long Beach 

The weekend of May 19-20, 
the Triton crew team 
journeyed up to Long Beach to 
take part in the Western 
Regionals against such powers 
as UCLA, University of 
Washington and UC Santa 
Barbara. Sending only light-
weight teams, UCSD managed 
third and fourth-place finishes 
in lightweight fours and a sixth 
place in the finals of the light-
weight eight division. 

The third place lightweight 
four shell , which finished 
within 2.1 seconds of winner 
Santa Clara and second-place 
UCLA. consisted of Dave 
Turnquist , Paul Brousseau . 
John Reynolds , John Winkles 
and coxswain Bart Sevilla. The 
members of the lightweight 
eight were Dave Carmichael, 
Stanley Hill , Jay Bernard, Jeff 
Walton, Tom Evans, Dave 
Lischer, and Jack Wiant, under 
the leadership of coxswain 
Dave Johnson. 

UCLA was the winner of the 
lightweight eight finals . 
followed by Oregon State and 
the University of Washington . 

Team meetings and 
• summer sIgn-ups 

Mark Lisko 
The UCSD PE Department is beginning to wind down. 01 

wind up. depending upon whatever point of view you take and 
where you will be this summer. 

They're winding down the intercollegiate competition as 
almost all sports, or to be more correct: all sports. havl 
iltready concluded their seasons. However. as they are always 
looking forward optimistically to next year, organizing efforts 
are already under way. First. for all people interested 10 
participating in intercollegiate basketball - the glamor sport 
of UCSD - heed these words. There will be a meeting on 
Thursday June 1. 1972 at 4 p.m. in the gym classroom. If yoo 
are a basketball athlete and ~ish to compete next year, be sure 
to be there . Special attraction for the basketball meeting will 
be the introduction of the new coach from Mesa Junior College. 

Not wishing to be left out. but actually wishing to overtake 
basketball and become the " new" glamor sport of UCSD. the 
wrestling team has also put in their bid to get organized for 
next year. Their meeting will be Wednesday. May 31 at4 p.m. 
in the wrestling room of the gym. 

Elsewhere in the PE Department. winding up procedures are 
taking place. Summer school PE classes are being offered 
beginning June 20. There will be classes in dance technique 
of(ered during the summer. The classes will meet Tuesday and 
Thursday from 3-4 p.m. The classes will meet in the north 
balcony of the gym and all students, faculty and stalf 
interested should contact Renee at 2282. 

Also. for all the "elephants" among you. here's your chance 
to get together and rap about the weather. The Elephant Club 
- otherwise known as the noon conditioning program - will 
also begin meeting June 20. The classes will meet from 12·1 
p.m. on Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday in the wrestling 
room. Fun things that people will be doing in class include 
exercises, jogging, and a host of options including the sauna, 
swimming and volleyball . For information and sign-up contact 
Barbara or Renee at 2275 or stop by the gym. 

High Tide Low Tide 
Sunrise 5:55 Sunset 8:00 

AM Ht. PM Ht. AM HI. PM HI 
May 31, Wed. I : 18 3.5 6:30 0.5 5: 15 3.6 
June I, Thurs. 2:06 3.6 7 :~ 0.4 6: 13 3.1 
June 2, Fri. 12 :19 5.3 3:00 3.8 7:52 0.1 7:30 21 
June 3, Sat. I : 17 4.8 3:45 4.2 8:40 0.1 9:03 2.6 

Sunrise 5:54 Sunset 8:03 
June 4, Sun. 2:30 4.3 4:32 4.6 9:29 0.510:39 2.0 
June 5, Mon . 4:05 3.9 5:16 5.2 10:24 0.811 :55 1.2 
June 6, Tues. 5:36 3.7 6:02 5.8 11 :20 1.1 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES A""" CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME Of THE ART I(HOKE FRITATTA ' 

~ •...••..•....... 

\Iarlci &. Delit ate"cn 
Catering- all ·i z(' partie. 

Food to go 
7833 Girard .\1('. La Jolla_ Calif. ·1.')t}-.') 191 

Page 6 Triton Times May 30, 1972 

Levrs 
• 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH. 
WEALSOHAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTALlS INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 

iNe. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PREPARATION FOR SUMMER 

LSAT 
NOW ENROLLI NG 

• Pr.parat .on for tests required for .dm,u.on to 
poll gr.du.ff \ChOO ls 

STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ 
EDUCA TlONAL CENTER ~ S,nce 1938 

• IN SAN DI£80 AREA (714) 274-9630 
~ ...•.......•..•. 

:" 

'/ J 
I 

Copy Cent e r of ASC 
lUI ••• ,~.IU." ••. 

(I'"'' II "1"" ..... IhfIft._. 
l A ........ ...... "., ........ ,, ' 

PHONE 281 -3701 
OPEN ,...." ~ "1 .~ ... - 111ft ... 

BOOK B I N~~N:' '''" ~;·;;;T PRIN TI NG ,,~ SERVICES 

C Joins in Community Planning 
The University of California , in recognition 

01 its impact on surrounding communities, is 
laking positive steps to become more involved 
in community planning. A report on 
community planni ng at the University of 
California shows that of S450.000 made 
available by the Regents from non-state funds 
last fall, $309.000 has been distributed for 
community-related programs at the nine 
campuses and the office of the president. 

The Regents ' one-time allocation was made 
in September. 1971. from the University 's 
Nuclear Science Fund. The remaining $141.000 
will be distributed to campuses in July of this 
year. 

The report states: "The University 's 
responsibility for helping improve the 
environs surrounding its campuses is due. in 
part. to the presence of the institution as a 
significant force shaping these communities." 

The $309.000 was distributed to campuses in 
response to fundi ng requests supporting 
communi ty planning objectives set out by 
each chancellor. Distribution of funds and 
guida.nce on the management of the 
community planning program is the 
respons1bility of the Ad Hoc Steering 
Committee on Community Planning 
established under the vice president -
planning by delegation of President Charles J . 
Hitch . 

The funds to date have been used to " provide 
for additional community planning positions at 
the campuses and in the Office of the 
President. office overhead for their support. 
Including employee benefits, and needed 
community planning consulting services." 

Planning projects include several areas of 
concern on each campus. Among the 
progra.ms proposed through 1972-73 by campus 
are . 

Berkeley - The Chancellor has proposed a 
"community affairs committee" to be jointly 
appointed by the Berkeley campus 
administration and the city of Berkeley. The 
committee will identify. quantify and provide 
means to solve problems of mutual concern to 
the campus and to the community. 

Davis - The University will work with the 
city of Davis during a review of the Davis 
general plan. The campus will separately 
study housing needs of students and lower-
Income employees in the community. 

Irvine - Studies will be conducted to ensure 
that the development of the campus and the 
community remains in conformance with the 
South Irvfne Ranch General Land Use Plan 
and Regents ' policies. Since the incorporation 
of the city of Irvine. Universitl' starr have 
been working with the City Planning 
Commission and committees appOinted by the 
council. 

Riverside - Liaison will bc provided 
between landlords and the L;mversitv to 
alleviate problems and friction bet ween 1011'-
income students and low-i ncome families 
living in a low-rent area west of the campus. 
The campus \\ ill also be involved in a 
comprehensive environs stud.v of specia I 
problems and will recommend solutions. 

San Diego - Community planning efforts 
will involve two major areas: III the need to 
implement the San Diego Community Master 
Plan. and ( 2 ) work toward establishing a 
community plan for the Umversitv Hospital of 
San Diego County in the uptown area. 

San Francisco - Planning will be directed 
toward methods for Short-range and long-
range improvements to ease the traffic-
pedestrian problems along Parnassus Avenue. 
perhaps including the development of a 
Parnassus Avenue concourse: programs to 
help prevent housing deterioration in the 
campus environs : and coordination of the City 
of San Francisco Urban De ign Plan 
recommendations with the completion of the 
Campus Long-Range Development Plan. 

Sanla Barbara - In addition to the 
community planning activities now underway 
in Isla Vista. funds will permit campus 
participation in studies and planning in other 
areas of the environs as well. Campus 
involvement will require continued work with 
the city. county_ state. and federal planning 
bodies. and with the many communitv and 
citizens' associations in the Goleta Valley. 

Santa Cruz - The campus will work on 
updating the City-University agreement. 
including concern over fire protection and 
sewer services: updating the Count.v-
University agreement. including 
implementation of the various road 
provisions : rt:viewing major circulation 
studies and closer work with citizens' groups. 
and on questions of Universitv environs 
development . 

ERA KILLED 
continued from page 1 

to women employees only . 
Title 7 of the Equal Rights 

Act of 1964 prohibits sex 
discrimination in employment 
and requires employers 
covered by the act to treat men 
and women equally . states the 
Student Lobby. For this reason. 
the questlOn of nulltfYlng 
protective labor laws for 
women IS becoming a "moot 
point." they responded . 

The objection that women 
will be subject to draft and 
combat duty is another pOint 

Se"" S."I;,s 
(,s",,';es Ij 

955 Prospect 

BACK TO THE 
FUTURE 

With 
Delicious & Natural 

SANDWICHES, 
JUICES! 

& 
PROTEIN DRINKS 

w .... lie "H.n.Ms, lit-I.. 
Mer .,tilititll , .... 

FUTURE FOODS 
Natural Food. D,i_ Th", 

135. Gar... Pad' it B_ h 
27-'0760 

cGovern Campaign: T he la t sixdays 
Marcia Green ile 

The national effort to make South Dakota Senator George 
McGovern the 1972 Democratic presidential nominee is 
reaching its climax this week . Next Tuesday, California's 
Democratic electorate will give all of its 271 delegates to either 
McGovern or to Hubert Humphrey. Most observers, including 
Ed Musk ie and Ted Kennedy believe that the winner in 
California will capture the Democratic nomination in Miami 
this um mer. The June 6 primary, expected to be an extremely 
clo e race, is thus uniformly viewed as the most important 
single contest in this year's presidential race. The head-on 
Humphrey-McGovern battie in California is also seen by many 
political observers as the most significant test of progressive 
politics in contemporary American history. 

The Humphrey and McGovern campaigns are, not 
surpnsingly , proceeding at a desperate pace, but in strikingly 
different manners. Humphrey's top-heavy media-orientcd 
campaign has drastically reshaped the ex-Vice-President's 
image in an attempt to capture the votes of aerospace workers , 
while trying to deliver the Democratic party 's traditional 
strongholds of organized labot and low income families . 
IncreaSing voting independence of unions and low-income 
voters, along with the extensive blue-collar support for 
McGovern at the grassroots level have been shown 
dramatically in previous primaries ; these changes are 
expected to undercut much of Humphrey 's California support. 
[t is also felt in political circles that Humphrey's attempts to 
portray his antiwar record as essentially the same as 
McGovern 's, and to play down his role in the John on 
admmistration's execution of the Indochina war have not 
suceeded in California. 

The McGovern campaign organization is as "horizontal" as 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
ANNOUNCES 

TH E OPENING OF HIS OFFICE FOR THE PRACTICE OF 
OPTOMETlY 

ATTIE 
NEW MIDWAY Fed Mart Store 
3245 SPORTS ARENA Bl YD. (Amu from SporlS Arena 
I EYES EXAMINED. PRESCRIPTIONS FIUED • 
CO NTACT LENSES FITTED. REPAIRS. 
HOURS:Mon.- Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sot. 10 A.M, -6 P.M. 

224·2973 224-2974 

his is topheavy. Vast numbers of grassroots volunteers, many 
of them students and other young voters , form the backbone of 
McGovern 's efforts in California, as they have in earlier 
primaries. McGovern volunteers are attempting to reach 90 
per cent of California's Democratic voters on a one-to-one 
basis to distribute printed information about McGovern and 
locate McGovern supporters . Supporters will be contacted on 
June 6 in an effort expected to add {our or rive per cent to 
McGovern 's primary total , insuring a McGovern victory in 
Caltfornia, and hence , his nomination in July. 

McGovern 's canvassing project in California is reportedly 
about half completed at present, and San Diego County 
McGovern workers say that a huge number of student 
manhours will be needed tbis week in order to complete the 
precinct-walking efforts by June 6. Canvassers are and will be 
leaving from Lower Blake Hall at 4 p.m. Monday through 
Friday and at 9 a.m. and 2 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. UCSD 
campus co-ordinator David Shaw estimates that 200 UCSD 
student volunteers will be needed this week to complete San 
Diego canvassing ef{ol'ts before the election . Transportation 
and a short training session on canvassing, which one 
McGovern volunteerdescribed as "a simple polling process" 
are arranged before each se sion. 

In view of the extensive student protest against Hubert 
Humphrey over a period of years. is no surprise that UCSD has 
no Humphrey organization on campus. McGovern forces are 
both visible and active at UCSD during this critical final week, 
and are attempting to mobilize students for work on June 6 as 
well as for canvassing through June 5. Shaw expresses fear 
that students will " retreat into the usual pre-final hibernation 
again this quarter." letting Humphrey capture the nomination. 
" You are a grassroot", reminds Shaw . 

lates t fashions 
in wire frames 

Six Weeks of Study 
& FUD in Mexico 

JULY 11 - AUG. 20 
Hlgb Scboot, College Students 

&rTeaeben 
Accredited classes in Spanish, 
Mexican Culture, Art, Music . 
etc . at beautiful Monterry , 
Tee . Tuition, bolrd, room. 
laundry and trip - $425 . For 
details , contact Dr. Martin , 
Hollywood High School, 1521 
N. Hij(hland Ave .. 
Hollywood, CA . 90028 
Z Semes ters Hlg b Sebool 

Credit 

I College Credits 

anti-ERA legislators raise. Lobby . Public-s upported 
schoois and college " currentl~' 
limited to one sex wtJulq ha\ e 
to allow both sexes to attend . It 
was added . Laws or offiCial 
practices that limit the number 
of women In state colleges and 
univerSIties . including 
graduate adm1sslOns. lIould be 
forb1dden under the ERA . the 
Lobby pOinted ou t 

Ratification of the ERA. 
states anti-amendment 
legislators. would cause 
disorder in the current public 
educational systems. 

Under the ERA. all students 
would be admitted to tax-
supported schools on the basis 
of their ability not on the baSIS 
of sex. stated the Student 

HAQNfFi. fJJeatlli{ul! ~, 6~~'" ~" Y'''.n ! ~~~''''f\' ,,~ft~\\~ eat IHE"V'l\\\"\ ,,~i) ~ 
HE GREATEST! grooov ~ 
~nazz'l" THE MOST 

'J. far out! .b • 
NIFICD ! ~ nder or 
t aJllu • catls pajamas 

..... REALLY TURNS YOU ON 
UPER·COLOSSAL! livin' 

NO MATTER HOW YOU SAY IT- THE 
EXPO JUST HAS TO IE THE PLACE 

TO GO-JUNE 11 THRU JULY 9 
AT DEL MAR 

THIRTEEN DAYS OF EVERYTHING (for everyonel! 

2 P.M. 

3 (Mon,l 

July <4-9 (T uu. thru Sun.l 
Championship Rodeo 

EVENINGS,8 P_M. 
June 27-July 2 (Tues. thru Sun.l 

Bud O .... ens & The Buckaroos 
July 3 (Mon.l 

Harry Babbitt & Roberta Lynn 
July <4-5-6 (Tues., Wed" Thur.l 

Sarah Vaugh." 
(Fireworks on 4th) 

arry Babbitt & Roberta Lynn 
July 7-8-9 (Fri., Sat., Sun.l 

The Kingston Trio 

ALL OF THESE GREAT ENTERTAINMENT 
FEATURES ARE FREE TO EXPO·GOERS 

SO TAKE THE ONLY TRIP-TO DEL MAR 
-

USE .•• 
Your academic and 

staff employees 
Credit Union 

Serving the financial needs of UCSD La Jo"a Campus-
SIO - POINT LOMA and the SAN YSIDRO HEALTH 
CLI IC personnel. 

Your Credit Union provides a broad scope of financial 
services designed exclusively to benefit the particular 
needs of academic and staff members. Office hours are 
from 10 AM to 6 PM daily except on universal holidays. 

• LOW INTEREST tOANS 
• 5'11'10 PAID ON HARE' 
• LOAN PROTECTION INSURA CE 
• PHONE WITHDRAWA L SERVICE 

'Paid last dividend period 

[}[]~[g 
CREW-~ION 
awrulJ'i 

UNIVERSITY & STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION 
or SAN OllGO 

5555 Mildred St.. ~n Diego 921'0 Phone 19'-1838 
Each Member "'ccou nt Insur d to S20.000 by I'oCU 

May 30, 1972 Triton Times Page 7 



~_classifieds_---------------..... ~ for sale for sale housing - personal lost & found """'\I 
WANTED: One ticket to 
Rolling Stones Concert, 
DesPf:rate! 453-8687 Mary 
Ann. 

SPRING SURF SPECIAL : 
O'Neill short john wet suit, 
hardly used, like brand 
new, S15. Terry 755-7604. 
(5/30) 

GRANDOPENING! 
Bon Aire Bike Shop 

152 S. Acacia, Solano Beach 
755-7281 

New 10 Speeds 
S69.95 

(6/2) 

Autoclave and copy 
machine for sale.Cheap. 
call 453-8577. Good 
condition . 

(5/26) 

64 Buick (S5OO/best offer) & 
AM/FM Stereo (5100/best 
offer) 272-31 96. (5/30) 

HONDA 305, 66 , 
SCRAMBLER 1st ownerl0K 
mi., runs perf. extras 
5200 x 1724 or 454-4449 . (5/26) 

FOR SALE : large Coleman 
heater for camping . Never 
used; paid 548, will for 538. 
Call Bob Woolf x2811 or 755-
7604. 

SUMMER TENNIS, for 
sale: new gutstrung pro 
racket, Italian made Sert, 
4% medium. Usually 550, 
now only 530. Call John 755-
7604 or leave message at l x 1972. 

"-. 6/2 

For Sale: '69 AUSTIN 
AMERICA, S600 or best 
offer. Call 283-1478. 

(612) 

FREE beautiful shepard to 
good home. 3 yrs. old, loves 
kids. 729-1469. Mitch. 

housing 
New Apts. 
1/2 block from bay. 5 blocks 
from ocean. 1254 Pacific 
Beach Drive, 1 & 2 bdrm. 
unfurn. Cable TV, 6 mos. 
lease. 272-7690. 

(6/2) 

TO RENT: DEL Mar Area, 
furnished 9 months, Sept 20 
to June 20. 4 Bdrm, 3 ba . one 
acre plot corral, etc. Ocean 
view Pets & children OK . 
S4250 plus utilities. 755-4546. 

Asst . Prof . from B.Y.U. 
desires to rent 2-bd, apt. or 
home near La Jolla for June 
through August 3 young 
children, no pets : Write 
P.O. Box 531 University 
Station, Provo, Utah 84601 . 

2 male roommates needed 
share room in large mixed 
house for the summer (to 
Sept. 15th) . Please call 755-
0462. 

(5/30~ 

Research Assistant moving 
from East Coa..}t in Aug . 
interested in small sublet 
apt . Write : B. Feucht, Bio. 
Dept., Johns HOilkins 
University, Baltimore, MD. 
21218 or call collect (eves .) 
301828-6918 . (5130) 

WANTED: house in the 
country for the summer & 
next schopl year. Willing to 
take over someone's lease 
for summer. Call Bob 
Woolf, x2811 or 755-7604. 

I DEAL Housing situation 
for a single girli Share SOK 
house (near Mission Bay) 
with recent male grad. 
Your own room, private 
bath, built-ins, washer, 
dryer, stereo and other 
extras. Beautifully 
furnished. Your share 
S9O/mo. plus occasional 
help with house (especially 
the plants). Call after llpm 
276-8727. 

(6/2) 

job 
EARN Sl00 
People needed for live-in 
experiment this summer. If 
interested in free 
room/ board for two weeks 
plus 5100 for participating, 
please leave your name and 
phone at 453-2000, ext. 2015 
or come to 4125 Bldg . 2C 
(Muir). Two weeks sessions 
can be scheduled to fit your 
summer plans . 

(612) 

San Diego Synagogue has 
openings for 2 Youth 
Advisors starting Sept., 
1972. If interested & 
qualified, call Mr. Stone 463-
1558 or Mr. Dreifus 286-0751. 

(612) 
STUDENTS 

Blow your Mind this 
Summer with the Great 
Ideas Program. 

Earn S6OO-S8oo per Mo. as a 
Campus Rep. We will train . 

For Interview call 225-1231 
Mon. - Fri. 10:00 - 2:00. 

(5/30) 

"YOU DON'T HAVE A 
BODYi YOU ARE A 
BODY" Is the thesis of 
Stanley Kelleman, 
dynamic, bellicose, 
involving Blo-Energetlc 
Therapist presented by the 
Gestalt Therapy Institute of 
San Diego at House of 
Hospitality, Balboa Park, 8 
p.m., Sunday May 28th. 
Students 51.75, others 13.00, 
at the door. 

travel 
EUROPE 1972 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
SP R I NG-SUMME R-FALL 

SCHEDULES NOW 
AVAILABLE 

Many Flights to Choose 
From 

SAMPLE FARES 
LONDON - 5269 roundtrip 

LONDON from Sl29 One 
Way 

Low Air Fare on 
I nter-E uropean Flights 
ISRAEL- AFRICA-

ASIA 
International 1.0. Card 

Available 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM 5229 ROUND-TRIPi 
JAPAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND-TRIPi CALL 
FLIGHT CHAIRMAN, 281-
6706 or 453-2888 4~48 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca. 90230. (r) 

EUROPE IS YOURS 
YEAR ROUND FLIGHTS 
ROUND TRIP FROM S220 
ONE WAY FROM 5135 GO 
ANYTIME, COME BACK 
ANYTIME E.S.E.P., 176613 
QUEENSWREATH WAY, 
Irvine, Ca . 92664 (714) 833-
8060 (*Also Middle East, 
Israel and Orient) (R) 

advertisements for ourselves 

Suede coat found on softball 
field Friday May 19. To 
claim, call 453-5153. must 
identify. Ask for Paul. 
FOUND: Check book, in 
name of Bryan Frink, has 
been reported to campus 
police. Make claim there. 

FOUNDi Man's watch on 
Torrey Pines Hill, 5/19/72i 
contact Ann, 755-6.575. 

FOUND: Glasses in Muir 
Parking lot: Melanie, 
X2019, or 755-2020. 

. SerVICeS 
FOR ACCURATE TYPING 
on IBM - term papers to 
dissertations - call 287-
1607. 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TI RED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION CONTROL. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA (IN 
THE REAR) 459-9181. 

Typing I BM electric. Work 
guaranteed. 453-8148. (6/2) 

XEROX COPIES4¢EACH 
No Minimum - Call 287-
3707 (6/2) 

VW Tune-up & lube 514.95 
Parts & Labor incl. 274-0709. 

(5/30) 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE Ser.vice 
on schedule. Modest Rates. 
Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8828. A 

~ ___ announcernents--------~------~--------~----__ ~ 
,- There will be a meeting FRIDAY: Professor Stanford Student absentee voting ~ 5 p.m. Student supper, 35 

tu day cents, at Un i vers ity of all men interested in lyman will address the public is now crucial to pri nary 
Lutheran Church . intercollegiate wrestling in a lecture entitled "Chinese elections. Observers 

YOU MAY BE TOC 
LAT E TO VOTE! 
Students who will be 
absent from their 
election precinct on June 
6 may already be too lalt 
to vote in the California 
primary election to be 

This term's final 
Christian Science 
Organization meeting 
will be held in the Blake 
Conference Room at 7 
p.m. tonight . All students 
and faculty members are 
invited to attend . 

wednc day 

Attention Pre-Med Club 
members : there will be 
an important meeting 
Wednesday, May 31, for 
elections of next year's 
officers . Room 1105, 
Basic Science Building, 
at 9 p.m. 

Ct)mmunications Pro-
gr am at Third College 
w II present a Public 
le ::t're en Wcdnc~day 
May 31 at 10 a.m. in 
Cf)n ference Room A, 
Matthews Campus . 
Marion P. Hayes, Assist -
al t Professor of 
C)mmunications at 
S '1aw University , 
Raleigh, will speak on 
" Broadcasting in 
Sweden." Free and open 
to the UCSD communi ty . \..... . 

Last CALPI RG meeting 
- Wednesday at 5 p.m.-
in the fishbowl (under 
the Muir cafeteria) . Did 
we make it? You'll find 
out then. All PIRG 
petitioners beTHERE . 

at 4 p.m. in the wrestling in Americo: Post, Present, and believe that the outcome 
room of the gymnasium Future" on June 2 at 8 pm in of the Ohio primary last 
Thursday . 2C 1110. This is the third in a month would have been 

thursday series of public lectures given reversed if Ohio students 
by the Program in Chinese had followed absentee 

" How to fight the 
(junior) system and 
when. " Co-starring 
Karen Leonard and Pat 
Fouquet. Supporting cast 

A Literature Department - F .E .P.C., brought to 
Informal Wednesday you by UCSD Wome~ . 
Afternoon meeting : Thursday a! 12 noon In 
SHOULD THE LITERA. the ~nte~na!l~nal Center . 
TURE DEPARTMENT Don t miSS It. 
ABOLISH FINALS ? An Diddo's third annual 
informal faculty -student Urey Hall Art Show is 
panel discussion now in the display cases 

I Wednesday May 31, 4 in front of the Science 
p.m., Revelle Forma ; and EngineeringLibrary . 
Lounge . Coffee and 
cookies will be served . friday 

DO YOU WANT TUI- The UCSD Drama Club 
TION RAISED? ARE presents a total evening : 
YOU TIRED OF DO- Eugene lonesco's liThe 
NOTHING EFFORTS Bald Soprano," Jules 
FOR THE ENVI RON - Feiffer 's "Crawling 
MENT? Arnold," and Harold 
If so or if not, come and Pinter 's "The 
rap with Tom Leech, Dumbwaiter." This is 
Democratic candidate one night only and only a 
for the state senate in limited audience can be 
this district . He'll be admitted . Come early to 
speaking on the plaza ensure good seating . 8 
noon today . All come p . m . at the UCSD 
hear to talk and rap . theatre . 

Studies. procedures correctly. 

general 

Members of the 
graduating class : there 
does not seem to be suffi-
cient interest in having 
general campus open 
house after graduation 
ceremon ies, Sunday 
June 11. Libraries and 
SIO Aquarium Museum 
will be open until 5 p.m. 
If you wish to show 
guests another part of 
the campus, be sure to 
contact UCSD staff 
beforehand to arrange 
for that area to be open. 
From Hugh Bardner. 

Will all those who still 
have not returned their 
Wilt Chamberlain 
Volleyball game tickets 
for a refund, please do by 
June 2. Refunds may be 
obtained from Urey Hall 
Box Office - 11 a.m . - 3 
p.m ., Monday through 
Friday. 

held on that date. All 
Elections for the Revelle such students must have 
Coil e geE x e cut i v e filed an application with 
Comm ittee wi II be held the Registrar of Voters in 
on Thursday, June 1 the County in which they 
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. are registered by 5:00 
and Friday, June 2, from today in order to vote by 
10 a.m. to 1 p.m . mail with an absentee 

Poll booths will be set up 
in Revelle Plaza . Two 

ballot. 

positions are open Thus, those students will 
candidates are Randy will be on campu 
Eberts, John Lee, and between 7:00 a.m. ~~ 
Kevin Olson. 8:00 p.m. on June 6 (t,. 

first day of finals!) ~ 
who are register, 

An election information elsewhere in San Di~ 
center which will give County MUST VOTE 0 I 
out non-partisan OR BEFORE JUNESI 
information on local 5555 Overland Ave., san 
propositions all candi- Diego, Bldg. 1. student! 
dates, poll in'g places and re~istered outside of sa

s any other questions DIego County. mU i concerning the June 6 return to the RegIstrar. 
primary election has the county of the 
been opened by the registration by June S. 
McGovern workers . to their polling place I 
Phones open from 9 till 9 that county ON Jun' 6. 
daily . 291-8454. 

Page 8 Triton Times May 30,1972 


