
" 

e 

I 
Volume IS, NumlJer I I U"iversity 01 Ca'ilor"ia, Sa" Diego 

Black Consciousness Month opens 
with achievement recognition 

A two-week series of events 
including lectures. panel 

discussions. drama. music. 
movies. and sports - has been 
scheduled during February at 
('CSD as part of Black 
ConscIOusness Month at local 
colle ge and university 
campuses. 

Fest ivities for Black 
Consciousness Month in San 
Diego are being coordinated by 
the Black Student's Alliance of 
San Diego. which consists of 
students from UCSD. San 
Diego State College. University 
of San Diego, San Diego City 
College. Mesa Junior College. 
and San Diego Evening 
College. Sponsorship at UCSD 
IS under the direction of the 
Black Student Union. All 
events are open to the public. 

Black Consciousness Month 
IS an outgrowth of Negro 
History Week. formerly held 
pach year in the early part of 
February. It is an effort on the 
part of blacks to go several 
steps beyond a one- or two-
week period of recognizlOg 
historical black achievements. 
It IS based on a new sense of 
direction. a new self-identity. 
dnd a new awareness that have 
been developing in the black 
community during the last 10 
years. 

On college and university 
campuses especially. Black 
Consciousness Month is 
Significant because It gives 
black students. faculty . and 
admlOlstrators a common base 
[rom which to build community 
awareness and IOvolvement. 

Dr Frances Welsing . a child 
p ychlatrist and member of the 

Department of Psychiatry at 
Howard Medical School in 
Washington . D.C .. led off the 
series of events scheduled at 
UCSD. Dr. Welsing spoke on 
"Reaffirmation of Blackness" 
last Sunday. 

A panel discussion on " In 
Search of Education" was held 
Monday. Participants were Hal 
Brown . assistant to the 
president of San Diego State 
College ; Rev. George Walker 
Smith. member of the San 
Diego Board of Education ; and 
Dr. John R. Ford. memb r of 
the State Board of Education. 

A symposium on hea lth IS 
scheduled for 6 p.m. tonight. in 
Build ing 201. Matthews. Two 
films. " Blue" and " A Day in 
the Death of Donny B," 
produced by the National 
Institute for Mental Health. 
Will be shown. Following the 
films. a discussion will be led 
by members of the ational 
Black Science Students 
Organization. IOciuding UCSD 
student Paul B. Simms. past 
national president of the 
organization. 

A panel on "The ew Image 
of the Black Athlete " Will be 
presented at 6 p.m. tomorrow 
10 the HL Auditorium . Taking 
part in the panel will be 
professional and amateur 
athletes . coaches. school 
administrators. newsmen. 
recreation specialists. faculty. 
and college and high school 
students. 

An " EvenlOg of Soul. " 
featuring the San Olego 
Community Choir. is scheduled 
for 7: 30 p.'m. Thursday. in the 
HL Auditorium 

Visitation Day at CSD. a 
day-long schedule for high 
school students. will begin at 9 
a.m. Friday. with a general 
assembly in 201 Matthews. 
Tours and lunch will take up 
the early part of the day With 
the NIA Dan ce Troop 
scheduled to perform at 4 p.m. 
in BUilding 201 The IA 
(N ational Inv olvement 
ASSOCiation I Dance Troop is a 
San Diego group that performs 
traditIOnal African dances and 
songs. 

VisitatIOn Day dinner IS 
scheduled for 5 p.m. 10 the 
Matthews cafeteria . Dr Jovce 
Justus. Assistant Professor of 
Anthropology. and Tony Ngubo. 
lecturer 10 SOCiology. Will 
speak at 7 p.m. 10 2A 2113. MUir 
Campus. The day will end with 
a dance at 10 p.m. 10 the 
gymnasIUm . 

An afternoon and evening of 
black culture IS scheduled to 
start at 3 p.m. Saturday. With a 
Karamu (traditional feasu 10 
the Matthews cafeteria. The 
feast IS a traditional gathering 
at which each person IS asked 
to bring a dish to share With 
others. A stage show featuring 
The BodaCIOUS Buggernlla and 
The Walts Prophets is 
scheduled for 6 p.m. in the HL 
Auditorium The BodacIOUS 
Buggerrilla was formed as a 
street theater group 10 South 
Central Los Angeles 10 the 
wlOter of 1970. 

The Day 's activIties will end 
With a dance at 9 p.m. in 201 
Matthews 

Writer and political analyst 
Chuck Stone will speak on 
" ReaffirmatIOn of Blackness . 

An EducatIOnal Goal. " at 4 
p.m. Sunday. Feb. 13. 10 SB 
2722. Stone. currently director 
of minOrity affairs' for the 
Educational TestlOg Service in 
Princeton. , ew Jersey. IS the 
author of " Black Political 
Power 10 Amenca " and the 
novel "King Strut" which was 
published 10 1970 He has 
served a speCial assistant to 
Adam Clayton Powell and as 
editor-In-dllef of "The Chicago 
Dally Defender" dunng 1963-
64. 

An art exhibit featUring 
sculpture by Chuck Crosby. 
paintlOg by Paul Ford. and 
graphics by Chuck Ruck . IS 
scheduled for 6 p.m unday. in 
the Interna tlOnal Center. on the 
Matthews campu 

"The Black Woman Speaks 
of ThlOgs " i the title of a talk 
by Mary Henry. director of the 
Avalon Center of Los Angeles. 
scheduled for 3 pm Tuesday. 
Feb. 15. 10 HL AuditOrium. 
Mrs. Henry was named as one 
of the LOS ANGELES TIMES' 
" Women of the Year" 10 1967 
She presently works With the 
Los Angeles Urban Coalition. 
the 'e Igh borhood Lega I 
Services. and as chairman of 
the Head Start Task Force 

State Senator M rvyn 
Dymally . who repre ent 
downtown Los Angeles and 
Watts . Will speak on 
"Reaffirmation of Blacknes 
A Political Goal " at 4 p.m 
Wednesdav. Feb. 16. 10 the HL 
AuditOrium Dymally was fir t 
elected to 'the 'Callfornla 
Assembly 10 1962 and served 10 
that body for four years . He 
was elected to th tate Senat 

10 1966. and in 1970 and 1971 was 
unanimously chosen as 
chairman of the enate 
Democratic Caucus In 1971 h 
was appolOted chairman of the 
enate Committe on Election 

and Reapportlonm nt 
He IS a lecturer In 

government at Clalremont 
College and Whittier College 
and IS a VISltIOg fellow at the 
Metropolitan Applied Re earch 
Center 10 New York He I 
chairman of the board 01 
Consensus Publishers. Inc and 
a founder of Urban Affairs 
Institute 10 California and 
Arizona. 

A two-part lecture/demon-
stration on black culture and 
communicatIOns Will be given 
by Oscar Gandy. lecturer 10 
commumcatlOns' at UCSD. and 
Floyd Gaffney . Acting 
ASSOCiate Profe or of Drama 
at UCSD. at 5 pm Thursday. 
Feb 17 . 10 the Drama 
Department Dance StudiO. 203 
Matthews. Black actor Roscoe 

...... 

Tuesday, February B, 1972 

ervyn "'YUJd"'Y 
Lee Brown IS cheduled to give 
a one-man p rformance at i 
p m Thur day In the HL 
AuditOrium 

A panel on " What Doe Black 
Heritage Mean to L's wllJ be 
held at 4 p. m Fnda~ Feb 18. 
10 111 !'v1atthew\ ba -ketba lJ 
game between the I'C'D 
8lackhawks and the B of an 
Diego State College I. 
cheduled for 5:30 p.m. Frida) 

In the l'CSD gymnasIUm Halt -
time wllJ feature the SI t rs 01 
UCSD v th Isters 01 D 

.. Black Showcas . featuring 
the South Eastern Commumtv 
Theatre will be pre nted at 
6 30 P m Saturday Feb 19. In 
the HL AuditOrium Black 
actress Ceclly Tyson wllJ al 0 
be on the program 

Black ConscIOusness ~10nth 
event wllJ come to a clo e at 
UCSD With "CelebratIOn and 
Commumtv Dance ' scheduled 
for 10 p m aturdav 10 the 
RevelJe cafeteria 

W hy 
the 

Coalition begins voluntary fee 
effort; constitutional conflict seen 

Donkey? 
Sometimes mistakes happen 

on a new paper that lead to 
editors pulling their hair out. 
One of those mistakes 
happened with our last Issue. 
We carried a story about the 
Democratic Party holding 
delega te caucu es to choose 
delega tes to its convent ion next 
summer. With a 12 noon 
dea dline on Thursda~·. a 
reporter wrote the story at 10 
a m. DUring the late hours of 
the previou night an artist was 
called and told to dl ,t W a 
picture of a donke~' With a lonf-!-
h;m on its back . The dedll'<Jled 

blurr~'-e~'ed artist agrerd 1(1 
have hiS masterpiece 10 b~' the 
12 p.m. deadline. It came in 
and so did the stor~·. 

AI I p.m. the stor~' and its 
gra phic were ent to our 
pnnter. Next da\' the ton' 
appeared. but alas. no picture 
of a donke~·. Which brings u to 
our point : since the picture was 
probabl\' better than the ton'. 
we decided to print it a n~'wa~' 
in thl issue. So here it i . 

At the Friday non-meeting of 
the AS. which was postponed 
due to lack of a quorum . Mike 
Sheerin . chairman of the 
Coalition for a Voluntary ·AS. 
turned m their petitIOn calJmg 
for a tudenl referendum to 
establish voluntarv 
member hip In the ,\S 
government If ratified the 
referendum will amend Article 
I. SectIOn B of the A 
Constitution which extends 
member hip to alJ registered 
UCSD undergraduates The 
amendment will make thiS 
member hip . and the now 
manda torv 12 per qua rter f e . 
optIOnal 

At a meetmg With Dean 
Murphy on Frlda~·. both the A 
and the oallllon agre d to 
require a Impl ma]ontl' of 
at least 50 p r cent of the entire 
stud nt bod\' Thl voting 
requirement IS In conflict wllh 
Arllcle V I. cllon B. Item 1 of 
the A on tllutlOn . which 
state . " amendments shall be 
approved upon con urrence of 
two-thirds of the memb r of 
the A U SD voting . 

When contacted bv the 
TRITON TI~I ES D an Murphv 
said that h felt th extra 
reqUirements were JU tifled 
b au e fee a lJocatlOn I 
Involved Mike h erln imtlallv 
agreed to the add d 
requirement. but later told the 

TRITON T1~IE that he had 
b en unaware that thl would 
be unconslltUl1onal H 
IOdlcated that h would contact 
Dean Murphv tomorrow and 
ask that the requirements be 
chang d 0 that the\' do not 
conflict With the A 
ConstitutIOn According to a 
spoke man for the CoalitIOn. 
" We Just want to ob :> the law 
We dldn 't know that w w re 
agreelOg to anvthlOg IlIel( <I! . 

It IS IOtere tlng to view thiS 
extra requlrem nt 01 50 
P rcent voter turn out In term: 
of l 'C D' hi toncal votlOg 
habits The A on tnutlon 

was ratified b\' 23 percent 01 
the tudent bodv votlOg In 
April of 1970 The A fe wa. 
doubled la.t spnng With onl\ 28 
p rcent of th tudent bod\ 
vOllng Th last lime more than 
59 percent of th tud nt bodY 
voted wa. In 1 9 wh n the 
tudents voted to finance a 
tudent Center Paul Kaufman 

was elected \\ Ith onh 43 
percent voting A :po csman 
lor the ('oalltlOn :ald that he 
teel ' the added requirement IS 
·u nu . ual and he hones that 

Chancellor ~1cElrov y,1I 1 
uphold thl' pnnclplc~ 01 th 

A onstltutlon 

Environment Act 
on June 6 ballot 

Ed Koupal , director of People' Lobby, Inc., predicted that 
the lean EnVironment A('l Will app ar on the June prlman 
balJot and Will be approved bv the voter Koupal'~ Id he ba ed 
hi optlml m on the tact th t hi organization volunteer 
worker colle t d halt a million ' Ignature while spt>ndlnj:! onl\ 
a little over sa - a mall fraction 01 th normal cost of 
quallfym!l an 10 I t lallve 

Koupal al 0 predicted the 'nc<lsure would gam treng upport 
from alltornlcl 14 mllJlOn newl\ -quahlled 18-year old voter: 

The IOltlatlv y, Ill. II n becomes law. prohibit n IV 011 hort' 
011 drilling strengthen the S~clt air pollution law . 
particularly' thos affectlOg IOdu tn . pha out th u of 1 ad 
10 ga ohn by 1976. place a five year m ratorlum on th 
con tructlon of nu lear pow r plant . and ban th u of DDT 
or othfr pe tlclde 

I 
.~ I 



- ~ .,' 

news from 

TT, BY lead in favor 
Results of a special comlllUnlcations Board referendum has 

indicated overwhelming student support for the TRITO ' 
TIMES m relation to tile other media at UC D The 
quesllonnal re was dis' ributed in order to guide 
CommunlcatlOns Board poli~y in the allocation of funds 

The questionnaire was dll'ided into two categones de igned 
to gauge student views concerning the quality of the media as 
well as opinlon regarding the funding levels of the media . In 
both categories the TRITON TIMES led all other media . 76% 
of the students participating in the evaluatIOn gave the TT 
favorable or excellent ratings with 66% favorab le and 
excellent going to BLACK VOICES. 63% to the CRAZY 
TIME . 52% to DIME:XSIO:X. and 62%fayorable and excellent 
rating gomg to radiO station KSDT 

In a questIOn relatmg to budget allocatIOns 79% of the 
students answenng the questionnaire stated that the TT should 
have It allocations mamtamed or increased. BLACK VOICES 
was a close second with 78% urging mamtenance or an 
mcrea e In the allocations CRAZY TIMES had a 65% vote. 
DIM E:"ISI O:X 55% and radiO station KSDT got 70% 

Literary journal soon 
The ab ence of a literary Journal at UCSD has compelled a 

certam group consisting of undergraduates. graduates and a 
faculty member to mtroduce and undertake such a project. The 
publicatIOn of such a Journal at UCSD will inevitably open up a 
totally new area of expressIOn. The magazme's concerns, say 
the sponsors are shared by a great number of students who will 
be able at la t to see their work, creative or scholastic, 
published Accordmg to the Journal's spon ors It will bring 
Its readers clo er the work and literary concerns fo their 
fellow students 

An edltonal board was elected, consisting of three und~r­
graduate students and one faculty member ThiS board Will 
bear the responsibility 01 sel ctmg the works to be published 
and Will report to those who Will be mtere ted to know the whl's 
and hows of thiS emerging Journal 

Although ItS content has not yet been grounded flrml~' , a 
tentatlle consensus has mdlcated that crealive liter an' works 
and es. avs. a well a review on books. drama and fiims are 
essenlia( The sponsors depend on recelvmg such works from 
the ,tudent· and facultv, a ' well as r nowned off-campus 
wTlters The editorial board 11111 evaluate them and decide. 
havm as gUide the work 's own excellence whether or not the~' 
Will be publi~hed \\ orks which are not published 11'111 be 
returned to their writers With a personal response b\ one 01 the 
membl'rs 01 the edltonal board 

'iecessary requirements are that the work bear the IHlter's 
namp and addres: Thp Sponsors stres. that the work need not 
be dIrectly related to literature The magazine's purpo'iC IS to 
be read bv the student at large tx>rau e It IS their product and 
because It would contain valuable information In accord With 
the :tud!'nt, needs It shall contalll "nvthlng and E'1'rr~·thlng . 
pro,ldeu that th{' ,",ork ' de~ref' 01 excellence reaches a 
standard relative to a universlll'litera r~' publical10n 

Stud 'nt with Item lor publication should go to MUir college 
bUilding 2[) room 4086 . where there IS a speCial bO),lol 
manusC'npts ~1anuscnpts hould be subml ted Within the next 
two WPl'ks The Ilrst issue Will appear n{'xt quarter and It. 
rec'epllon :hall det rmne the magazin s further 
dc'\elopment Its c'onlinuanC'(' Will dpp!'nd on thc' studf'nts and 
laC'ult\ lor both prolldlng the necessan matenal and 
responding tn It In our agE' speclallzallOn tend. to exclude 
maga71ne. which encompa. s a great \'a nel~ 01 diSCiplines. but 
thl:' sponsors hopl' to work against 'uC'h a nOllon Their 
e\penem'l' Includc's pcopll' who arc sull Intcrested In knO"lOg 
what I' produced on thl'lr campus The sponsors are stronglv 
conllnc('d that students. as well as lacultv and the commuOltv· 
at,larg(' ""Ill not Ie the magazines ('ffort be In vam " . 

Fellowships in the summer 
'iallon,,1 /)rtense Foreign Language Fellowship applicatIOns 

lor thl' studl of IOtl'rmpdlal!' and advanced Cantonc'c and 
:\Iandarln language, In the Chinese tudles pro~ram are now 
dlililable at the I'rol'ost Olilces. thc LlngulSlICS Department. 
and thc' Summl'r S(,~slOn Oll ieI.' The :'iDFL fellowships Will 
co\('r tuiluJO. room and board and InCIdentals The deadline 
lur lellowshlp application I~ :'1arch 15 

In addition to the :"IDFL lellowshlps . other -rholarshlp 
asslstann' In l'arllOl! amounts lor beglOnlOg as well as 
mtermedlille and advance languag studv IS al 0 available The 
appitealion deadlme lor cholar,hlp asslstancl' other than 
'iDFL Fellowship, IS :\1 a I' I 

The Inlens ll'l' Summer Chinese' Language Program Will be 
hl'ld .Iunp 19· \ug 15 . 1!J72 D pendent upon the program 
s lected . tudents mal' register for 10 to 13 quarter UOit s of 
credit Dr Benjamin T'sou Will be the director for the 
proj!ram The maJoril~ of the courses" III be conducted b~' 
tralnN[ lingUists who .. ·C both nal1V' peakers as well a 
ex~nen('ed language m ~ truClors 

Further Inlormatlon .nd applic;,tlons lor Chinese, tudles 
thIS -urn mer are avalla .11.' Irom the Provosts. the LlOgulsllCS 
[)ppartmc'n t and thl' SUIlIn('r SessIOn Olll('c 504 ~IC X 1248 

The TRITON l iMES news department 

needs a secreta ' y to work Tuesdays and 

Wednesdays , Please see Frank at the 

TRITON TIMES office, 
• & ...... - ........................................ .. 

~~£~ •• ~-~-~~-.--.- •• 

Poge 2 Triton Times February 8,1972 

1 nside~~ejWa Ils-------, 
New craf 

Within two weeks, UCSD's 
(Irst craft workshop will be 
completed Finishing touches 
a re now being put on the 
bUildmg, whIch IS located 
bet ween the parking lot behind 
the gym and Bonner Hall. 

According to ;'\anc~' Pope, 
student at UCSD, there has 
been a grea t Interest In a shop 
of thl type for a long lime. But 
currentl y there is no place on 
campus where ·tudents can 
paint. scu lp t or work with 
ceramics for fun 

That IS why last quarter 
:'iancy, Toby Raphel and others 
got together to try and ge t a 
craft hop buill. They 
petitIOned and lobbied and 
flOally received funding from 
the A OClated Students . 
Con truction wa begun last 
quarter 

The workshop Will be open to 
students. fa cult\' and the 
communil\'. In addilton classes 
are planned on a half-quarter 
baSIS for an\'one who IS 
Interested 10 'Iearning these 
skills Current plans call for a 
room for culpllng, a painting 
room and a small office In 
addll10n the shop Will have a 

gas kiln and seven potter 's 
wheels . 

The shop Will be staffed by 
volunteers and hopefully , a 
graduate art student. 

Getting computer time 
I am trvlng to make It pOSSible tor students to get computer 

accounts Without undue formality and without requiring them 
Lo take a formal course I as IS now the casel. These Will be 
small accounts whose pnmar~' Justtlicatlon is 10 allow students 
to expenment and learn simple programming by them elves 
wilhout an\' requirements . Although I ma~' adjust thi number 
when some expenence has been gained With the ac ounts . I 
eSlimate the account size to he between $10 and $20 per 
quarter 

Procedu re 
An\' student Wi shing such an account should applv at ml' 

Olll('e lor that of m~' secretarl'l. I have deVised a reasonablv 
palOles lorm to fill out II Will ask for their student 
registration number I The student should do some preparation 
first I Will not teach a course She or he should have read or 
learned enough about computers to know boLh the name of the 
computer language to be learned and also the book or the 
method that Will b u ed 10 thiS self-mstructional 

Tutors 
11 students Wish to volunteer as tutors. I Will keep their 

names available for dlstnbullon to tho e who "I ~h to lea rn but 
don't know how to start 

Donald A ;'\orman Chairman 
Instructional Cse of Computers Commillee 

1537 Psycho lOllY / Ltngulsucs BUild 109 
I ExtenSIOn 20lS I 

MaXimum uso of the faCility is 
planned and It will probably be 
open SIX days a week 

An~'one who i intere ted In 
working in thiS student - run. 

student . organized workshop 
should come to the meeti ng 
scheduled for tomorrow. Feb 
9, at 7 p.m. in the Muir 
cafetena 

"(lOTO: !'> POII E 

MECHA PRESENTS 

"LOS DESARRAIGADOS" 
FRIDAY 11 

ACTORS: 
Students from 
The Instituto 
TE(HNOLOGICO 
de Ti juana 

dr Jo"e II. n(Jhl e~ 

REVELLE CAF. 
7:30pm 

THEME: 
Drugs and 

Affect on the 
Mex ican people 

" EI teotro debe cumpl ir una funcion de educa tion 
hacia el publico," 

FREE ADMISSION FREE ADMISSION 

Subject: 5,000 Years of Humanism 
PS At least you gave proper credit to 
folkSingers Barbara Bentwood and 
Lvnn McClure for ea Ing an 
uncomfortable walt 

KEV IN, your pa nts "just so" over your penis? 
The two-dimensional non - person Is one 's anatomy public property? ) 

mentioned in your opening paragraph If you became so bored hearing Ms. 
(Triton Times, Feb, 41 is now Steinem speak, why bother to cruise 
responding as a three-dimensional the audience when "at least" her body 
female human being ; I must commend is so attractive for your own mind-
you on your perception of me as a rape . I do not understand how such a 
faggot-lesbian; you have seen my "dreary " audience could attract your 
hermaphroditic na ture. However , just attention . Or . is it that your attention-
to keep the categories straight , I am span is so short you forgot her " perfect 
only a Lesbian and proud of it. I wish body "? 
you had used my name since I do not Ha ve you had your eyes checked 
want to be anonymous. recently? Or does your youth filter·out 

T am glad you re-empha ized Ms. your perception of older women? 
Gracia Molina de Pick 's point that she There was a suhstantial number of 
uses her maiden name as well as her older women present at Ms. Steinem' 
husband's name. It is unfortunate , talk . Or IS it that you can only see those 
after those three or four repetitions women who are potential conquests for 
you complain of. you forgot to include your own youthful masturbatory 
her full name. You obviously missed fantasies? 
the significance of her point since the I suggest you study hi story. The 
repetition was for people who might romantic exaltation of women in 
not understand , hear , or remember the Victonan England did not gIve u 
first time she said it. IOdep ndence No, the Victorian ideal 

Yes, Ms. Glona Stemem is a shut us up . Being on a pedestal is an 
beautiful and sexual woman . Let's not isolated, lonely and powerless place. 
be exclusive ; males are not the only In whic h tnbal society are women 
ones to appreciate female beauty and marketable slaves? I could suggest a 
sexuality. However , I thlOk you have couple of those soclelies, like coloma I 
taken a 'greatliberty in di scus ing Ms American or present-day Amenca . 
Steinem 's figure Without her Black and brown women were and are 
perm is ion. Could it be you were beinll marketed as slaves on a very 
projectlOg your own fantaSies 10 you r blatant level. I Witness all the black 
description of Ms. Steinem as and brown female maids and 
" tantalizingly hidden" and as "the sex laborers. 1 
object desired by all men "? t Italics Incidentally, the source of your 
mine l ... I Incidentally, how would you quote " In ' the upcommg Black 
feel if you were de cribed as wearing revol utIOn , the best position women 

(-p-o-ss~i b-i-l i-ti -e S-l 
Contact 

A Wide spectrum of the 
muslca I arts of Korea , 
IOclud lOll a dramatic epic sung 
by famed Korean opera singer 
Kim So-Hee, will be presented 
by CCSD's MUSIC Department 
otS30p m.Fnday. Feb tl 

The prese ntation. part of the 
~I U S 1(' De par t men t ' s 

Contact " senes of mu ical 
events, Will be held 10 the 
\luslc Gallery. Bldg. 408, 
:>IJtthews Campus. It is free 
Jnd open to the pUb liC. 

~llss Kim Will perform m 
Panson . an extraordinarily 
difficu lt art m which the 
IOger . accompanied only by a 

barrel drum . must be eqUipped 
to slOg a 11 the dramatic role , 
n<Jrra tiYe portions , and 

r~(, ltallves bv herself h 
must do wltho'ut the help given 
til Western opera singers who 
have scenery, lights. and 
nrchestra to aid them. 

;\11 s Kiln. who has been 
deSignated an " intangible 
naltonal trcasure" In Korea, 
has the exceptional ability 
equa l to the d ifficult 
performance task . Wnh a 
sma ll movement of her fan she 

t han~es from one dramatic 
rharacter to another Her 
strong personality allows her to 
recreate stories of romance . 
stones of wickedness. as well 
<IS legends and lables in a 
lighter vetn 

In add ition to :\llss KlIn . the 
progra m Will Include three 
'Il USICla ns who excel on se\'eral 
tr ddlt lon a l Korean 

Instrum en t s . Sanjo 
imprOVisatIOnal musIc will be 
played on the kayageum t a 12-
stringed zither-like 
In s trum e nt 1 and the 
kuhmoon~ o I a 6-stringed 
Instrument I 

Mu IClans who ong lnally 
performed thiS type of musIc 
n ver knew speciftcallv v. hat 

the~' were gO ing to play before 
ittmg down to perform They 

were highly mfluenced by the 
mood and atmosphe re of the 
moment. and bv their own 
particular talent ' very much 
like earl~' American Jazz 
players 

The lfCSD program Will also 
Include a court chamber musIc 
sU ite which was tronilly 
Influenced bv Buddhist song. 
With the cu'rrent interest of 
America n vouth 10 both 
chamber music and folk 
traditIOn, thiS performance 
Will provide new in ights IOtO a 
rich and vaned culture. 

( CSO Thea!re 
Pre mieres 

Three plays - a comedy, a 
farce . and a drama - have 
been sele~ted for the premiere 
productions In the new 200-seat 
UCSD Theatre on the Matthews 
Campu' . 

" Lysistrata ." a comedy by 
Arlstophanes. and " The 
Comedy 01 Errors." a farce b~' 
William Shakespeare. to be 
presented on the same 
program. are cheduled to open 
Thur sdal. Feb 17. a nd 
contlOue Feb t9. 24. and 26 and 
:\Iarch 2. 4. 9. and 11 

I",PORTEO FOCC~ \\ i/"lo;E5 ':'I\. ~ l ~A"PAG ""~ S 
r ~E I-jC ·.·~ c~ ~HE ..:..RT I(",c "e FR.·;'P,o, 

'IM~ r t ,\ 1l.,li. ,IIt''','n 
Ldtt'rine JII -i,,' JlMIIC-

Food 10 I!O 
78:I:J (;iral'(l \ \1'. I.a Jnll a, Ca li f. ' ,,)\}:,,) I(J I 

"The Bloodknot." a drama 
by South African Athol Fugard, 
IS scheduled to open Frlda~·. 
Feb. 18. and continue Feb 20, 
25, and 27 and March 3, 5, 10, 
and 12 

The UCSD Theatre began 
constructIOn last summer on 
land adjacent to the campus 
Architects and EnglOeers 
Office and makmg use of some 
A and E offtce space and 
several cement test walls 
poured on the site several 
years ago The theatre Itself IS 
essentially an empty two-stor, 
shell With a catwalk on three 
Sides for use by lighling and 
sound techniCians 

Risers have been budt In an 
arc urroundmg the stage on 
three Sides and molded thea re-
type seats have been IOstalled 
The actors can enter the 
playml! area from behmd the 
stage. from either Ide . or from 
in Iront through two ground-
level a Isles . 

The theatre IS the frrst on the 
campu designed solely for 
drama and not as a 
combinatIOn theatre / lecture 
hall /classroom . Its operation is 
under the direction of Ene 
ChrIStmas, acting Professor of 
Drama and Director of UC D 
Theatres. 

" Lvslstrata " and " The 
Comedy of Errors" Will be 
directed ' by Christmas. "The 
Bloodknot ': WIll be directed by 
Flovd Gaffn ey, acting 
Assl'stant Professor of Drama 
at UCSD. 

"These pial'S are betng done 
10 repertoire," Chnstmas sa id . 
"SO that the whole prollram IS 
the pOint of productIOn Wl' 
want to tr~' to ge t peopl to 
c(lme both evenmgs If the\' do. 

can have IS prone" IS Stokelev 
CarmIChael. not Bobby Seale There IS 
a difference. Every man is a uOlque 
person ; every woman IS a unique 
person. P PSI would ltke to Include a pOc'm 

by Ll'nn Lontdler a well-known 
feminist poet. I think the poem sums-
up the problem very beautlfullv 

If your conclusions are I Glona 
Steinem is hopeless and of no 
intellectual consequence. 

2. If she is a principal force in the 
movement, then the movement IS of no 
intellectual or political cons quence 
and IS nothlOg to worry about THEBOYSAT 

THE BE,\C} I 
(From The 

Female FrpP\\'(I\'1 

3. There IS something senousl\, 
wrong wHh a society where so many 
people get so eXCited over such 
despicable nonsense. then why have 
you wasted your time. energy, and 
newspaper space' It seems clear YOU 
have been deeply affected and 
threatened by Ms. StelOem 's speech 
After all. if YOU can dismiSS th 
Women 's Llbeialion Movement and 
Ms . Steinem as being triVial. why are 
you making such a big fuss ' 

I'lli'I enlh \III'" "I' (111\ I ~ 11 
Ilnlll\ 1.1 nn I.olltrlill 

In drtlP-IIS Ill( .' If fro; I11t., .... 
mlIV, /' rf'''i 

Ih"1 (LlOlml 11' 10 '11\ IHuh IS II lll!P In her peech Ms. Stetnem saId, If 
we come here today and there IS no 
troubl tomorrow,' then we havent 
served our function .. ~1s Stetnem ha; 
very much succeeded Her tntellectual 
abti lhes must be qUite remarkable If 
she has been able to flush at least one 
fnghtened male from the bushe 

t~lf'\ 11\\ nl d Illil 
,HI' ,I' I.IOllit,lr II I'h Ill' 

IIIIIJl"'I,lthl~h "I'll'" I \\ph 
nn~, ("1 tt'.'1J f m!,lr 
II' n.l\ r"I'" Ih,,' tIll \ h •• "'.'r II-el 

It(ldlt' 1.1 r .. m, I r! m 
, II 'mlncllt, .. itn~' 

111 ....... ln2 1'.\ 11\ 11 J hod I .'\ p Il',p·",,· KeVin , conllratulatlOns for ,0 
obltglnglv Indlctlnll the male 
chaUVInism we must work so hard to 
erradlcate. 

I ,,,wI! Il. .. I" 
I m tht l r prf rO..!.l I I 

thplJ IH Ill"'.'"' drt) 
I ,,1I.,d- 'i' d"I!.11 I ,,\ I n" I m'l 

:\1s . Lm Barron , l~llld 

they Will enJoy a full range of 
theatre 10 a very short span 01 
Ume," Chnstmas saId 

"Lyslstrata." which was 
first performed at Athens 10 
the year 4 II B (' . deals "Ith 
the 'cunnmg of woman The 
UCSD prodUCllon Will be I!lven 
a contemporary treatment 
an updated treatment 
although 11 IS sull set m 
claSSical Greec 

'The Comed\ of Errop;," 
first presented ' 10 t594. de,tIs 
\\Ith the dupliCity ot man It 
Will b done loosell In thl' 
com media dell'arte stl'le 

"The Bloodknol. lIT I lie n 
and set 10 South At rt(';J 
reduces to the Simple t term.' 
the whole quesllon of racl' 
relauon hips The audience IS 
treated to a drama absolutll 
oppo ed 10 style. pace. and 
production to that of the other 
two plays. 

Th casting of the 
productions Will Include 
students and , for the first lime 
at UCSD, will reach beyond to 
include members of the 'faculty 
and staff. A total of 25 person's 
are IOcluded In the productIons 
of " Lysistrata " and "The 

Comed~ of Errors " "The 
Bloodknot" has a cast of only 
two. 

Performances Will begm at 8 
p.m each evemng Tickets are 
$2 for general admission and $1 
for students and are ava ilable 
at the UCSD Theatre Office, 
BUilding 203. :vt allhew~ 
Campus. the box office 10 the 
lobbl' of l'rev Hall . Revelle 
Campu.. and at the door 
InformatIOn on lickets mal' bE' 
obtained by calhng 453-2OtIO. 
ext 1391 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F, Streel 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues Sol 
9·45- 530 

Women Welcome 

Clo,ed Sun 8. Mon 
233-8328 

Cri ticism and 
EITopo 

Ruth Silverstrom 
One 01 the hardest tasks 01 cntlCI 'm IS to deCide exact" hI)" 

much IOformatlOn ~hould be given to thE' n'ader: belore'annj! 
:omelhlOg bc. ~t lelt to ach tndl\'ldual .. own dl. co~eT\ "nd 
IOterpretatlun 

In tdklOg about EI Topt). thl~ problem bc:clJrnp, .. Imo. 
ImpOSSible to solve hecausp there Isn ' t d ,ctn m thl' 111m that 
Isn't packed with "Igmflcann' I ha'l' thl'rplurc dl'(,IJ~d to 
dlOIU dlreen\' dlscussmg dOl J:pecLS 01 thl' ston and thl'mc 
:\nl'one who has seen the t 11m should undl'rstand ml. h"'lldnn 

Before Il'Jlng am furth!'r, It must bl' ,tdted tmphallc:til, that 
EI Topo IS a masterple(,e , d work not to be ta ken li ht \ Front 
the openlOg scene to th elosln!: ,hot the' film absorbs "\l'n bit 
ttt lour altenlion mtercsl curlOslll and C'onC'f'ntratlnn It I,.m 
dll(.gon but v.hat I ' being "J llC:l1onzed " IS to <I IJr~c extent 
upen to IOterpretatlon , and bl'cilUs(' 01 thIS. no onll. dllt's II 
become crunal to sce the 111m s ,,('[ .. I tunes. but It hould ,II'" 
be discussed \\ Ith as mam people as pOSSible 

The first thmg the \lCW r nOllc . In the film IS II> (' xtrtlll!' 
arliSLIC beaut' art 10 the sense of palnlln and not a, 10 art-
film " There'are dozens of moments 10 the film thJt would 
make Jmazln!! surrealislic palntmgs PIC'ture d man drl'ssed In 
black and a seven )'ear old naked bol' ndmg alia, on a horsc 10 
a de ert. In the foreground are a photograph and a tedd, brar 
partially buned 10 the sand Th an~le of the shot IS from the 
ground It probably doe .. n·t sound like much on paper , but 
believe me. It 'S ImpreSSII"e I sympathize completely "Ith 
movie cnllc Robm Wood "'hen he envies the advantaj1cs of the 
literary crillc for hiS ability to quote' 

" I sympathize \\'ith critic Robin \\'ood 
when he cl1\-ies the l1cl\' ant,l)!C ' 01 th ) 

literar~ critic for his ahility to quote," 

The second thm~ thl' VI wer hould notice IS blood and b()dle~ 
01 anllnals Jnd men" Ith their gut, 'pilling out Blood and 
l'lolence are UblqullllUs In EI Topo . so II \'ou're .enslllH' to 
gore It might be wise to stal a\\.ay You ('"n he ('ertdm 
hOII'eler thJt It IS there lor a reason and nllt vlolenc'e tllr 
l'loll'n('e s sakc' To see thl' ftlm anti then put II tlown lor thiS 
reason J S~V' ' r,,1 tru . tworthl· CrilIC' did, I, to miS, tlnl 
Important J . pect ofthc Itlm 

:\otlO be ol'erlnokcd 10 thIS nec~s,~lrt ll ,ketchl re\'lt" IS thl! 
l·xcellent ediling Scene·. hllt, IrOn! mOllll'nls 01 e,trl'lll(' 
dbsurdltl to \'Iolence tLl beautl :trunllr" th 111m ptrtcC'tlv 
·\lso. the Important and almost unlquc' u'age of mUSI(' as both 
prol(rammallc and thelllJlir adds further ,tructur 

Fllmgocrs Will reCO~nlle the Inlluence, uf sever. I directors 
Touches of Kurosawa and Pe klnpah are eVlde1t . but the 
major Influenc IS undoubtedlv Loul Bunuel Alexandro 
Jodorowskv director and star of EI Topo use t~eme and 
characters verv remlnt cent of :'Jazann, Imon of Ihe Desert. 
and Vlndlana , ju t to name a few l'nobtruslve touclles uch a, 
these are alway welcome when u ed corr tly 

Jodorowsky has made a film of ex treme Importanc 
cannot hope to Impre on you Its ~reatne.. ,n._.t· It .. ~ 
rare expenence 

Triton Times February 8, 1972 Page 3 

I 
, I 
., 



- .' 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
1105 Prospecl 51 

La Jolla, Calli , 92037 
(71 4) 454-0805 

Importers • African Fabrics 
CUrIOS, Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

_ : • . a... UI. N lI. 1I J ... 

Put her under your spell 
Send her the ITO LoveBundle, 

This big, brigh t bouquet of 
freshly--cut flowers and Valen-
tine trimmings is imaginatively 
blended in a beautiful ceramic 
bowl of world-famous Haeger Pottery, Order 

Uiu.lly aVJd.blt f Of 
I", Ih.n $11S0* 

a LoveBundle ea rly so that it can work its magic 
all week. You can send one almost anywhere by 
simply contacting your nearby ITO Florist (Hint! He 
can send candy wi th your Aowers, too.) 

But start plott ing nOW. Valentine's Day is Monday. 

The FTD LoyeBundle~ 
*A".ln Indf'p('ndrnt buSlntum"n. uch rTO Mrml' tr rl o.> fI\t '1cl ' h i" nun r'l l !' '' 
, IQ7~ rlnrl .. h " raMwntid Drh\e'l\- A .... OC l.lllon 

On stage'he house 01 
blueleayes 
171 fIW »at nrc o1tIc's IMa'd 

" Besl New America n Ploy" , .. 
A prize-winn ing play by J ohn GUIHe 
about a loughable loser-.l 
Through Februory b. For 
informotion & reservot ions 
coli 239-2255, ofter noons, 
Tues. Wed, Thur. Sun $2.50 & $2.00 
Fri. Sol . . . . . . $300 & $2.50 
Sun. mol nee .. " . $2.00 & $1.50 
Speciol sluden t rate: 
$1,50 onyl ime except Sa turday 

olb ~obf t~atre b~!~fa 

u) 'u :sn \ \ ( ·01· .. ·1:1,: 1111' 
free 

the big sleep - bogart 
nUl) \ \ ;;0' I SII 2722 

king kong - original uncut 1933 
the great chase scenes 

'7 & 10pm 
S\TI KIt\\ " I ( 'S1I2722 

the magnificent seven 
seven samurai 

i & 10:30 pm 
IPI \\4~ . 114"~ r' \\ III IIII.~ 

ItH\1I111 

Page .4 Triton Times February 8, 1972 

Sue: On Sovereignity 
8 y Sue Adjemian 

Anthropology;\lajor 
~1uir Co llege 

My name IS Susan Adjemian. The last name IS Armeman . 
Armenian are often noted for their stubbornness and quick 
tempers, and it doesn'l seem to take much to upset one 
Howevf'r , I have really tnI'd to hold back my anger and 
frustratIOns that I've felt all year. But It has come to the point 
where I'm tired of being told that it 's a waste of time to answer 
all the lies and slander directed towards members of the AS , 
and others, printed in variOUS forms of Campu media 

It IS Mr Robmson 's artICle that has totally blown my calmed 
head He actually believes the "facts " he 's assuming are true 
A disagreement 10 philsoophy IS one thing , an unfounded attack 
on mdivlduals IS another Number one my job application to 
the Coffee Hut , 10 additIOn to my boyfriend 's (Paul Kaufman , 
AS preSident! was hied 10 January 1971. before any 
campalgnmg ever began. We received those Jobs ONLY when 
the cafetenas had been reopened after Hi-Conlinentalleft. and 
"experienced" people were transferred over, from the Coffee 
Hut We are both supporting ourselves to a large de{!ree and 
need jobs Just as any student In a poor fmancial SituatIOn does. 

Later , aft er the election. we were asked to work harder than 
the others by the as I tant manager. Enc, so that he wouldn 't 
be accused of faVOritism by the Jealous. or those qUlck-to-
cntlcize indiViduals We worked our asses off and earned ever v 
pl'nnv Let me add that a Job at the Hut IS no {!reat prize. Jt"s 
very strenuous work . and the pleasures you reap mclude 
reek 109 like grease burgers. aching limbs from runmng around 
for eight hours. and throbbing heads from smiling at every 
bitchy customer Don 't forget the usual burns and cuts , too. A's 
the "oldest" emplovees there. vou can see for vourselves the 
hI gh turnover rate . 

Next. there has been a 101 of shit over mv triP to Washington 
DC Onl \' one person has even bolhered me to ask for an 
an'ount of It Where are ~'ou DIMENSIO~ , TRITO:\ TIMES. 
and MR HOBI I\iSO :\"" ? If \ ou're so outraged come to ME to 
fmd out thl' OTHI': R Side of th story Dunn~ th summer, th 
Business Today I a student· run ma~a z lne I people sent 10 the AS 
off lcl' knowledgr of theIr confercn c 10 Washln~ton 1) C . 
ba('krd enti rely bv the fm ane' lal aid of 200 top l S 
corp()ratlons I became VI''' mtrr('sted 10 It for a nu mb~r of 
n '(Jsons 

On!' ,mce n1l freshman lear I H' been work ing with 
('ullIIflumt\ In teraellon, and the ' I'cople-to-I'{'()plc " program 
II I TSJ) I ha\f' had alol of l'xpt'rlen('(' and pleasurc In 
l'stabl1shln~ studrnt ·rommunltl rclallons wllh I'anous 
bUSlRl" " " and organlzatlflns Tht' aim of thl' ronfl'renCl' was to 
do Just th aI i!am contact, In lurthcnng stud nt -bUSiness 
r('latlons <II a tlll1l' when polarization wa, at Its pea l- I needless 
to sa l thl. ha , nothmg 10 do With nw relations with Paull 

Two as a rl'presentat l\ (' wh o ~'ou ld be IWTIlllar wi th AS 
(Continued on Page 51 

triton times 
Ed i I 01'- i 11-( 'II it' f 
(.it, Edilm 
\la'11al!illl! Eelit"r 
CH(I~ Etlitur 
BII.illt'" 'I :IIHII!('I 
Eclil4lrialllin't'l"r 
\1-1. blittll' 
~"III'I. EdilHI' 
P'..,t o;:ral'h, hliltll' 

'Iolh "'('hill 
"1':1 111.. j'lIillil'-
\':111\' ";haril' k 
C1111(' ~ (,I'all:l1ll 

Tel'1'l Barak 
1):1' id BlIl·h hi 1111('1" 

Cal'rit, It id,(', 
"ikt' Balh 

Jt1(' Ea-ll'rll 

l~e TRITON liMES I ~ ctt,, 'oll ) r t,,:o~n , U'.:J 0"0 ,"PP,;,'I e::l o~.:: ~' ... ~f -I 
"~ .... ,>p ;:J,:'t l ~\ I"'e ( C'.,..t""u · ,eC ho". &.l"'.J;)1 ' ''I~..Jr "e'· '" ~ " _;) · , I or· J 
So!'" L>· e~c S .. lld ·"9 ~~(' .... ·,OI' .. ~IO. ) (: )1'""';:, ,, ) ~.: ,,."I',~ ~O;, I ': H' ; 91l' J"' 
Publf{C'lltcn 1. "" .Ct .... Uk l'" 0" " tK'lO)~ ond F I ' O Ol ~ 0" ... 01' , 0 ' 11.' I.",o't:l 
In ' 0"'''' 11 1610 t Ho~' or ",t' Rt ... ell t CO"'Pd Ft'· .. ~\ t' · 1 i r-\: p l'l,J"f 
.53 /\.'OI) ~ 1017 to ' ed ltol' , I c' I'It .... \ DI. " rt ). 1('16 

An Interview Jesus Christ 
Sue. " 

(Editor's Note : Increasingly evident 
around today's college campuses are 
certain people who are proclaiming a 
message - the message of God 's love 
for man as expressed through Jesus 
Christ. They can be seen talking to 
people about this message on an 
individual basis, passing out leaflets to 
crowds at rallies, going out into 
surrounding communities , and 
generally making their presence felt 
nearly everywhere. To find out why, a 
TRITON TIMES reporter was recently 
sent up to Heaven to speak with the one 
seemingly behind it all - the 
aforementioned Jesus Christ, who 
generously took time out from His 
busy schedule to answer our man 's 
questions. Here is his transcript of the 
interview. I 
TRITON TIMES: The much-publicized 
"Jesus Movement" of today ha s been 
the subj ect of discussion in many 
circles, and has provoked both praise 
and outrage, it seems. Would you care 
to comment on it? 
JESUS CHRIST : Well , first of all I 
think we'd better clarify just what the 
"Jesus Movement" IS, and clear up a 
lot of misconceptions. It certai nly 
doesn' t include people who have 
merely adopted me as the latest fad. or 
who are simply "along for the ride" 
until something else comes along. 
When a person really gets involved 
with me, all of him gets involved -
body. mmd and spirit - and not Just 
until " something better" arrives, but 
for eternity. 
IT: There' have been reports of people 
being forCibly kidnapped and taken off 
to "join" Christian communes -
JC: If there 's any truth to those 
reports, the people who do such things 
aren 't us10g the nght approach at all . 
Those who come to me do so of their 
own free will. My people never force 
anyone to do anything. They simply 
share what they themselves have 
experienced. and what it's done for 
them. and they ask whoever thev 're 
talking to if he, too . would like to have 
a part in thiS experience. 
IT: Expanded personal contact has 
not been the only way more people are 
learning about your message. There 
have been many teleVision programs 
(such as those of Billy Graham I 10 
prime-lime Viewi ng hours . plus. 
perhaps with particular reference to 
young people. a musical production 
called "Jesus Christ Superstar." 1I0w 
effective do you think these methods 
ha ve been? . 
JC: Of course. few would deny the 
effecti veness of television in helping 
my people pread my message to far 
larger an audience then thev would 
otherwi e have reached . But I 
senously questIOn the effectiveness of 
"Superstar. .. 
IT: Why? 
JC: 1'0',. several rea sons The most 
blatant IS thaI I'm pre ented as SImply 
a man . rather than what I am . God 
"Superstar" makcs fun of me : fmallv . 
it Just SlOpS at the CrUCifixion and 
makes no ment IOn whatsoever of mv 
Resurrection What al so concerns me 
IS lhat part wh ere. atlhe Last Supper. 
the Apostles sm~ " Alwal's hoped thaI 
I d be an apostl e. Knew Iha t I would 
mak(> II II I tn I'd Then when w(> rellre 
we ('an wnte the go~pels, So they 'll 
sll il ta lk aboul us wl1(>n we",'!' died .. 
That makes It sound as 11 the onl v 
reason 1m apostles follow d me. and 
wh\ re(,ords of m\ deeds werE' lel t. 

Ilyour 
are 
yet 
message is 
JC: I was 
Really, it 
amount of 
detail, so 
this : God I 
- I know 
understand. 
each and 
that earth, no 
he 's done. In 
much that he 
them and , 
they could 
fellowship WI 
TT: And how 

accept me a 
Lord of your 
TT: But why 
JC : Because 
bridge the 
and holy man was 
originally ~ r~".,·o lellowship 
with God a wonderful 
fellowship It lasted! Then 
man chos lhe only 
commandmenl given him -
a nd the bel ween God 
and man. God from 
loving 
hope to 
efforts, 
sent me to 
the only 
order that lello .. I.\\ t'lpn 
man could be 
TT : I don't 
God continue 
the one who de<lllbm~k 
the first 
JC : You nd the 

Just now. 
and man 

level. 
M.~ nI.II • • on ' frames 

people , I 
they will 

only because 
mv hands 
above me 

mocki ngly 
'\azareth . 

because 
that. at 

la ther had 
IlIla ll. alone. 

RI""rreC110n ~ 
,('I' how that 

VUlS"U". ' nl'JRI" people 
\',)ur word . 

11 to be the 
would ~'o u 

simply does not make sense and isn't 
logical. But. I say again, you 've got to 
understand that God and man simply 
don 't operate on the same level. If God 
was the one who crea ted the physical 
laws that govern the universe in the 
first place, He certainly can abrogate 
them whenever He wants to. for 
whatever purpose! And let me ask you 
this : has anyone ever been able to 
dis prove the Resurrection ? I don't 
think you can easily brush off the fact 
that the Pharisees COUldn 't expla in or 
dis prove it after it happened. or that I 
was seen a1ive by over 500 people. days 
after I was supposedly cold in the 
tomb. 

More generally, regarding " proof, " 
there is really no way to absolutely. 
incontrovertibly prove or di sprove my 
existence and Resurrection . or the 
truthfulness of the Bible and its 
claims, to anyone dead set against 
them f rom the sta rt. But. as you ca n 
see. here I am , My people have 
accepted, by faith . that what I say is 
true ; and that faith is based upon a 
fact : I am God. just as J claimed to be. 
and r aro e from the dead . That's what 
everything they do is based upon ; they 
know that what I say IS true. 

I'd like to add that no one who has 
taken me at my word and accepted me 
as Savior and Lord has ever had cause 
to regret it. There 's no question among 
my people of the truthfulness of what I 
say , The fact that they firmly believe 
it, and what it 's done for them. helps to 
explain why they ' re so eager to tell 
others about it. 

Oh! Here comes someone who can 
add to what I've said . Paul. here, found 
out the truthfulness of mv words in a 
rather startling way. . 
PAUL: Indeed I did . Old you know that 
before I became a Christian I was one 
of the most Violent opponents of the 
group? One day I was traveling to 
Damascus to round up the Christians 
there and bnng them to Jerusalem for 
trial. Well. I didn 't quite make it. On 
the road thl blinding light suddenly 
flashed into existence all around me -
I couldn't see! Then a voice asked. 
' Paul , Paul , why do you persecute 
me ?" I suppose I knew who it was 
nght away ; I said. "Who are you, 
Lord?" And Immediately the answer 
came. " I am Jesus whom you are 
persecut1Og." Yes , I found out rather 
suddenly about Jesus - and my life 
was never again the same . 
JC : Let me add that after this Paul let 
me use him to spread my message 
throughout the Eastern Roman 
Empire. and even to Rome itself . My 
people today know that I'm just as real 
now as I was then - and the results. as 
we·veseen . are showing. 
TT Could you tell us a little about what 
you have p'lanned fo r the future? 
JC : Certainly . One of these days I'm 
going to return to earth and gather all 
my people to me. and they 'll depart the 
scene. And after that - well , it would 
take some time to tell It ali i I told John 
about It some time ago : read his 
record 
TT : When willthi return take place? 
JC: Sorrv, but that mformatlOn IS 
claSSIfi ed' But. J assure vou - It will 
be at just the nght time ' 
1'1" I'm sure all your people are 
eagerly looking fo rward to that day 
Well. thiS Ju st about take care of all 
the questIOns I hdd prepared On behalf 
of the TRlTO;-'; TIMES I'd like to thank 
you for ~rantlng thi S interview. I hope 
It helps our readers to better 

_ was a se lfish des lr to be r ITI cmb red 
~ And thdl ju st 111I SS('S the pomt 
-,11111111 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 111111111111111111111111111111 111111 

, rules. it understand todav' events -
1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllll11 lll1l1ll11l1l1ll11l1l1l1l11lll11l11l1l1illlllll11 11111111111111111 1III 111111 111111 IIIF,; 

Letters to the Editor 
we oldsters would 

youngsters more 
If yOU acted more and 

Ie,s ' 
Clean Credibility 
Editor 
We of the older generations 

are constantly being told that 
you , of the younger generation. 
are verv much concerned about 
ecology and the preserval10n of 
your environment We agree 
With vou . and admire vou for 
thi s sta nd , . 

However. shouldn 't ecology 
and beautiftcation of the 
environment begin at home' 
Why don 't you of the younger 
generatIOn take better care of 
vour own environment~ One of 
the filthiest public places in 

.Sincerely. 
Jame A. S~'relle 

lock's Access 

San Diego IS your own campus. 
There are areas of the UCSD 
campus that look like the 
public dump - cans, papers 
and trash all over the place. 
The walk between the central 
library and Muir campus. for 
example. A Surfer 's Parable" 

If . indeed, you want a better 25 . 1972 TRITON 
wor ld In which to live . why that access to 
don 't you set an example by ch is restricted to 
cleaning up your own part of of La Jolla Farms. 
the world' You have service 25, 1971. revocable 
groups on campus which could "iiss il~n for pedestrian 
take on a continuing clean-up the general pubhc to 
program as a year-round Black's Beach via 
project. A dozen students. Canyon Road was 

granted For reason not 
related to any agreement With 
residents of La Jolla Farms, 
genera l vehicu lar access IS 
forbidden. 

There is no lifeguard service 
provided at Black's Beach and 
sWimmers' ca ut ion is urged 
smce there are rather strong 
semipermanent rips in the area 
related to the eff ect of the 
submarine canyon on wave 
refraction. . 

JH .D. Frautschy. Chairman 
Ad Hoc Beach Development 

Committee 

Graffiti Apathy 
Editor : 

Graffiti ! 
Instructiv e 
anthropologist. 

Graffiti ! 
to th e 

poetic to the 

Coatiaued from PaIr 4 
policies and needs. I hoped to attain contacts for gaining 
fina ncial support for various AS I and other student l projects in 
community relations. I might add that this proved to be very 
successful. OtherWise. Big Deal ! The trip was nice but J hve 
oul of state anyway : if the conference had been held in Los 
Angeles , I still would have had the same deSire to attend . I 
became the representative because I was QUALIFIED I 
fulfill ed age, actiVities. and a " desire to work with local 
leaders for local conferences" qualifications There were a few 
others around this summer who were interested 1 before the 
Sept. 20 deadline ). too , and we competed equally for the 
opportunity . As hard as It may sound to some people. Paul and 
i do try to keep our private affairs out of AS work. He IS an 
extremely honest person , and a philosophy major who does not 
stoop to the politicking and corruptton that he is so freely 
accused of. How ironic that the very accusers are aboundmg in 
these qualities. 

I was just told that I "am not qualified to wnte this. You 're 
prejudiced !" I'm an indiVidual who probably knows Paul 
Kaufman better than anyone else. And I'm supplylOg the truth 
in rebuttal to countless articles which have said otherwise You 
can take It or leave it ; let me stress that at least before vou 
crittcize. find out WHAT you are criticIZIng. Examine BOTH 
sides first . and then Judge. 

Although Steve Griff1O 's articles are a bit embarras mg. and 
open to comment. he has stressed some very valid pomts . In 
try 109 to keep students from being screwed over b~' van ous 
admmistrators and commumtv members. members of the AS 
have not exactly found "happiness " Mr Robin on, m hiS 
account of AS benefits. neglec ts to mentIOn these added 
factors . 
I } In the preSident's case . the need to ~radua te after a 5th 

year : thiS IS due to time pent In AS which normally IS 
devoted to studies In addition. It leaves open a yea r without 
a draft deferment nhis used to eXIst. bu t IS no longer a 
deferment ) Paul's number IS 13. 

2) Steady decline of GPA : consequences include Ie ser chance 
of getting into graduate school. 

3) Declined social life . time is spent is AS office , or hbrarv 
tolally - What benefits are there in traveling to San 
FranCISco to it at a Regents meeting?? Ever at at one? 
You're not missing a thmg. only a view of our Beloved 
Governor. Also, don 't forget the hate mail that arrIVes 

41 Very little time to work for self-support. Paul gets eight 
hours a week, that's it 

51 <\bove all . the mental stram 10 trYing to get things 
accompli hed 

ThIS may be " the wa y politics IS" but I'm stubborn and won't 
accept it. Paul Kaufman moved into a difficul t poSitIOn 
lacking credibility. before h~ took office I don 't feel he's been 
given half the chance he's de erved . The latest Issue of 
D1MENSIO was quick to attack the Incompleted platform 
that he and Tom Caryl chose to undertake But they neglec ted 
to mentIOn that every point was 10 progress , succes IS 
achieved only after a lot of hard work , and It doesn't come 10 
just4 months. 

Those people In the AS are PEOPLE. not machmes. 
bastards, or animals . They can be approached like everyone 
else. If there are reasons for attackmg the AS, then let them be 
legitimate!! Unfou nded attacks are only going to lead to a 
greater alienation of groups on campu , resulting m a further 
detioration on the student 's part to determine their own lives & 
education, as students at this University . 

writer. amu si ng to the 
connoisseur. pornographic to 
the prude. But ordinarily to the 
maintenance sta ff it 's a damn 
nUisance. Relentlessly they 
spend their days erasmg. 
sc rubbing. buffing, sanding. 
scouring, and washing off what 
poet or politics have stea lthily 
spent their nights scratching, 
penciling, spra ing. brushing, 
inking. or chalking on. Not so 
these day it seems! 

I recall from the di stant days 
of UCSD's past - days more 
militant, more heated, more 
passionate. more interesting -
when political graffiti could 
flare tempers as easily as the 
raising or lowering of a flag -
or a voice. Almost before the 
paint was dry . the bold black 

lellers spelling "Power to th e 
People" were unceremoniously 
purged from HL walls. Revelle 
Plaza was scrubbed clean of ItS 
anti -war pleas - and its ashes 
- its clenched·fists . and It 
four -letter word s The 
ellmmation was effiCient Not 
so today! 

A green and red political one-
liner seems these da ys to 
permanently adorn . Dante-like, 
the bridge-arch between PC 
and USB. It reads , " Death to 
Pinkos in August. " It has b en 
there for weeks. Its continued 
pre ence seems to reflect 
apathy more than accord . It 's a 
CUriosity to me. and I wonder, 
has anyone else noticed it? 

SmcerelY, 
Maria I. Blair 

lA"" !W/.,,,o •• 
of II~,. / rfGm .. 

-

DOCTORS mSCRIPTlONS 
EXPERTLY fillED 

Repairs 

59 ·404 7 
Z4-HOUI EMnGENCY 

SnVICE Steting Contact Lenses 401 VIA OIL NOm 

, 

S ..... -MM 

.. - .... 

tour ves e ..... .,;'" ... 
be p a.,d ~ blP 

Held over thru Feb. 20 
prIce, _.11 luh ,eler ... ed C. 111l'·225S a~er ""00" 

C.rter C.ntr. St'9. P.O 80.2171 S. n 0"90. CA 92 112 
BOO pm T,~ Wf'j HlloIr S SO 
bJO p"'" Fr. Set , ~...o 
i'OOo"' SI,I" .,.. ~+ ee S ~'X 

Specia 5 udenl rale: $1,50 any Irrc excep' Sat 
at the carter centre stage 

ad jacen t to the O ld Gro be Thut -,. 

Written by The WHO 
In a major stage presentat lOr 

I' ~ 'r. .. ~ 

" . .. the only rock opera worthy 
of its billing." , ." ., ". 

LImited Engagement Feb. 22 thru Mar. 26 
,S"'C. I l l O'N P1t e(o ,"VI [W "' " 'OIl!"'A U ' r r l''' • r .... ( 

AOUARIUS Theater 
SUNSET AND VI NE. HOLLYWOOD 

,.,ue( SCH(OUl[ 'Sf"lC' ''l LOW PR IC1 0 ~"("' I(W P(.' O .... "NC(S 
'\,t"~ r "b l! tl'l ,uSun f • • 1O, l )SO, t -.o 1!JO 

"UUUIt ,tUO ....... ClS hll U II .. . Mw ,,, 
'.... " .0 ' '''''\ B I .. ': :')~, .. f ,. J-'! ... .. 
'I 'II ~~ I I PtA . "a I' ](,U; \ ... ~, " , 1 10M 
'" "!IU 4 ')( 

5,,*(110 ' b , UHlII1 ~ .... flatu Call " " ~' "I . , ,,,, 4 2" 
lIC.'Tl .¥l.llaBl( At i . • , t 1.· .. \ C.I, SI(,,· .. L. '1. l ... , 
H. /.1' ~ .. Id ' " .... " 1' \ ,. 1, • • 1. "" fl"I'.'· '",110 ... . ... ' r 
'w' ~ \, III l t to. ,"a 1"''1' ' '1''_' ' .... . . ~ 1,,1 ., ,~\ .. 1... t' , 
--------------------------~ [nclou , .alt .. dd rtued stlmped en..,e loPt Wit" t hetll or monty Ofdt , 

Dlw.Cle 10 T."'II", / I •• .,.I\" 6230 Sunut 8 tid . Ht II )'W OOC , t i l it 90021 
No of Sub: Pllce uen S ~ ot., $ 
Perfo"",ntl eI.te 1st cl\ol t e 2nd chOICt JrCl CftOlCt 
Note For Sat and Sun lH!florm,nu s InOICl tl h 'le dUtJed 

I NA-"[ 
I AOO~[SS. ____ _ 

CITY' _____ _ sur 11. __ 
..-[ NO ----:("' .. "'J)- --
---------

Triton Times February 8 , 1972 Page 5 



~ Racketeers to 
~ '-, Hold T o~r,,~ey 

Have you ever dreamed of some day playing at Forest Hills 
or Wimbledon? Beating a Rod Laver or Arthu r Ashe 0 and O? 
Well . if you can get your feet back on the ground for a 
moment . how about giving your tennis game a workout by 
co.mpetmg In the UCSD Open Tennis Tournament. happening 
this Saturday, Feb. 12? Aw. come on~ If Southern California is 
truly the "hotbed " of tennis it claims to be. there promises to 
be some fine competition. Rocky Hollon 

The article "Power Elite of Golfdom. ·' dated 2-1-72. was 
clearly nol coverage of the Andy Williams San Diego open. A 
person has to be blind not to see that The article itself was 
never intended . nor did it ever suppose. to cover the PGA 
event. 

The piece was more Intended as an economic satire of the 
world revolving around the Pro·Am. and in general the 
"Country Club" culture in our society Precedence for this 
form of artlcle may be easHy found by looking at Jim Murray 's 
column, or at Buchwald's satires. When taken in this light ihe 
article does seem to brmg out several cogent points 

.The name which I gave the AWSDO wasn 't all that bad , " All· 
Wasp sport for Demagogues only " fits fairly accurately. 
e~peclally when speakmg of the "C" culture. I will admIt (hill 
It hard to argue With a man whose brother could name four. 
yes four . blacks who were somehow mvolved in the event. But 
even so [have to question the validity of that figure . 

What I would really like to know IS the general number of 
black whIch may be found around some of these fashionable 
golf courses. For that matter, how manl' :lilexlcan·Amencans 
orJewsor ... ? . 

:vir Puterbaugh made reference to one Lee Trevmo. a 
:\lexlcan·Amencan who ha taken the golf world by the throat 
[will ug~est to Mr Puterbaugh that Mr TreVinO worked hl~ 
wa ... up from a golf hustler In Texas. fightmg all the way to 
enter mto the wonderful world of golf. I Will also sugg~st to\1r. 
Puterbaugh that most of the admiration and awe that :lilr. 
Trevillo inspires. aSIde from hIS mastery of golf. arises from 
the fact that he I a :Ii[exican·American and that he worked 
agalll t tough odds to enter a sport before dominated bv the 
elite. HIS populanty and good number of fans represent the 
sec tion of our soclet, whIch sports men refer to as the 
"underdogs '. who have been look 109 m through the fences for 
mo t of their hfe . 

In conclUSIOn. ~lr Puterbaugh. I Will thank YOU In the future 
to stay WIthin the realm of your exp rtl e I however limited It 
might bel. for your venture mto subjects to which \'ou are 
unfamIliar proved to be rather unsuccessfu l I am ref rrlng to 
lour charge that [ spent only three to four hours cadd\ mg and 
the rest of the lime "ducking around' the club hou e Again 
:\1r Puterbaugh IS on l\' half accurate. fo r I wasn 't kIdding 
when [ aId I spent eIght hours there. I had to be With my ~ood 
doctor as he practiced In the dm'mg range I so thaI I 'would 
know hL range III each club I and I also had to shagj! for him 
around the prac Ice green. as he ran around acttng extremel\' 
Important 
.• .0. :Ii~r Puterb~ugh , m\' sugf.!e"tton to vou IS to please tdke It 

eas\ ~ ou shouldn t g~t so "teed 011 iJbout satires The\' are 
onl ... suppo. ed to Iightl\' poke lun at our socletv unless 01 
course 'ome of mv Implication reachpd too closp to home 

, . . 

f ~i ,,,/.r I \. '. I . i L: .-~, ... *' •• ~" ~~ .. "~:._: '._~:~f 
"1 

High Tide Low TIde 
SunrISe 6 52 unset 5 37 

A;\I Ht P:\l HI AM lit P:\1 Ht 
Feb 9. \\ed 4 46 50 7 43 3.3 12 42 0 3 

Sunrise 6 48 Sunset 5 41 
Feb to. Thurs 5 43 55 i 58 36 1 19 0.3 
Feb 11. Frt 6 32 59 8 21 3.9 12 15 25 1 48 07 
Feb 12 at 7 12 63 8 40 43 I 01 2 I 2 17 1 1 
Feb 13. un i 48 66 9 05 4.6 I 39 16 2 45 13 
Feb 14 . :\[on 8 30 67 9 33 50 2 20 1 2 3. 16 1.3 
Feb 25. Tues 9 07 66 10 00 53 3 01 08 3 45 I.l 

PAPA DINUCHI'5 
ITALIAN fOOD 

Wednesday Nite Special: 
Spaghetti Dinner, All You (an Eat $1.59 

327 N. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 755·2733 

T, and from Los Angeles, San FranCisco, 
S"rlmento, San Diego, San Jose, Oakland, 

Ho lywood·Burbank, Onlario, and Long Beach. 
Sha 'I ng any of PSA's 160 da ily flights is a gas. And 

Wl t~ our low air fares flYing PSA Isn't a whole lot 
mor~ expensive than hitching. Anyway It'S hard 
to ~et a nde on the runway. So why not stick 
your thumb In the phone Instead, and dial us for 
a reservalton? 

lISA zMIS,....1Ift. 
Page 6 Triton Times February 8, 1972 

• 

Sponsored by the UCSD Tennis club, this quarter's 
tournament will be featuring play in two divisions, men's 
doubles and mixed doubles. In addition. there will be both 
championship and consolation brackets in each divison. so for 
those of you prone to wild Friday nights. rest assured that one 
loss will not mean total elimination. Some fine trophies will be 
awarded to the top teams. in each category. and. money willing , 
there will also be somethmg for the econd·place fmishers . 

The tournament will be open to all UCSD faculty, staff. and 
students. with the only exception being the men's varsity 
tennis team I sorry. guys l. Expected to return in the mixed 
double diyision are twice (or is it three·time? I defending 
champIOns. Tlbor Safar ~nd Chris Hooper of the Psychology 
Department I rumor has It that old age is slowing down this 
paIr . however!. As for the men's division. there are no 
favorites at this point. and a wide·open batlle ap pears likely. 
Due .to limited court space. a maximum of 12 teams per 
dIvISion will be allowed, so early entries are advised . 

Sign· ups wIll be acceptE'd in the PE Department offices 
through this Thursday. and in an effort to get as many 
partlclpants as pOSSible . entrants will be limited to one 
diviSIon. First round match·ups and times will be posted by 
Friday afternoon outSide the PE offices. and each team will be 
required to bring two new cans of tennis balls and a $1 entrv fee 
on Saturday , 

Sports Potpourri 
:O<ot too much on tap thi 

weekend , sports fans . so you'll 
get a chance to hit the books. 

Intercolleglately . wise . 
there's a wrestltng meet Feb. 
9, Wednesday However. II' 
away - but on ly as far away as 
t.: IG . Acclamations of praise 
and success should be greellng 
the wrestllllg team on their 
return from thl meet 

The women sWimmer . 
hoping to SWish theIr wav to 
succe . trek up to I CLA for a 
rather challenging conte t. 
Thl Will take place on 
ThursddY Feb 10. However. 
sports fans. you can VIpW their 
lithe \'oun~ bodle Feb 19. 
"hen thev have theIr first 
home meet 

ReInlnde.r Tomorrow 
Wedn ' day. there Will be the 
Itrst m d series at workshops 
spon~orpd bv the black students 
01 LCS D' and th e PE 

Department on the theme "The 
Black Athlete : A New Image." 
It begms at 6 p.m. and will take 
place In the Humanities 
Library Audltortum If 
Interested or deslrious of more 
informatIOn . Bob Moss IS 
waIting to hear from YOU at 
x2282. ' 

As far as announcements go. 
the UCSD Skydlvmg Club 
I remember the fancy picture 
In last week 's THITO;\; 
T[;-'IES? I Will be having a 
meeting to elect officers and to 
diSCU SS student Jumping on 
Wednc da~'. Feb 9 at 8 p.m m 
room 2113. building 2A You 
don 't have to brlllg your chutes. 
lUSt \'our bod~' 

try'em , you' 11 like 'em 

TYPEWRITE RS 
NEW 

RECONDITION ED 
or 

REPAIRED 

DDING MACH INES TI"''''. 
free estimates 

UNIVERITY BOOKSTORE 

IN SOLANA BEACH 
SERVING NORTH SAN DIEGO COUNTY 

FACTORY AUTHORIZED 

SALES· SERVICE· PARTS 
:!~:;~1(~;:~~ * SUZUKI 

IL,w NEW. REBU ILT. USED 
INSUR ANCE 

reAl! NORTH COUNTY 7SS-42_ill MOTORCYCLES 
171 H. HIGHWAY It I 10LANA IIAC H 

ueSD Troun'ces see 
An enjoyable evening was had by allla t Friday night at the 

UCSD gym as the Triton basketballers trounced former 
antagonist Southern Cal College, 92-65. Everyone really 
seemed to get into this affair . and the hometown fans . 
catalyzed by the raucous Wild Bunch, gave succor to their boys 
by calling . the now famous " umber 3" out of bounds play 
I which tncldentally worked to perfection I. 

The spirit of the fans was characteristic of that displayed by 
UCSD rooters this entire season. The players and coaches 
would llke to take the opportunity to express their appreciation 
for the upport given. 

Paul Trainer and Dave Wright led the scor ing parade with 25 
and 19. respectively. Meanwhile. Lemon Grove and the Gang 
exhorted the Tritons on (particularly Bird I For those of vou 
who don 't know the Lemon man. he 's the blond . bewhiskp'red 
brute In the corner of the bleachers who alwavs manages to 
bedevil the boys with his bellOWing. . 

The following eventng the Tritons plaveJ an excellent Cal 
State Bakersfield team and were beaten, 87-75. B~kersfield had 
too much strength and ftrepower for the Tritons. although Paul 
Tramer played a fabulous game. He wa 11 of 14 from the field 
7 of 8 from the line. had 15 rebounds. and almosi 
slnglehandedly kept the La Jollans In the game, Tom Bruice 
also had his finest games this weekend. as he scored a total of 
29 points and plaved great, hustli ng basketball. The Tritons are 
now 8-11 and Will hopefully be fIghting to break the .500 mark 
when they play Cal Lutheran Feb. 18 m the UCSD Gym. 

.. .lS OUR THING! e 
REGIONAL & NATIONAL 
CHAMPIONSHIP RACES 

REGIONAL-SA TURDAY. FEB. 12. S300 
NATIONAL- SUNDAY. FEB. 11, $400 

FOR SPECIAt DISCOUNT TICKETS SEE YOUR 
VOLKSWAGEN OR PORSCHE - AUDI DEALER 
FREE GRANDSTANDS AND PARKING 

RiVeRSIDe Raceway 
COIId"md O/Iht e.1 $00,11 e., eluo Rti 'on lpa'is C" Club 01 Amt"" 

Cycle, chug through the Continent 

Tours on a " DO·AS·YOU·PLEASE" basis 
are now available for students who prefer not 
to worry about housing , meals . or 
transportation while touring Europe On a 
" Vagabond Bike Tour" groups fly to Belgium . 
10 speed bikes and all, then cycle through 
Germa ny, Austria , Holland . France, and 
return from England Travel between 
countries is by train . with a " Sagwagon", 
driven by a European escort, going along to 
carry suitcases. spare parts. ann an 
occasional knee·sore tour member. A great 
way to discover Europe's seldom visited " Hin· 
terla nd" . 

On a "Collegian" students 

teachers of Art. History . etc .. and travel in 
small group, through ·France. Switzerland. 
Ital\·. then take a steamer to Greece. conltnue 
to Vienna , MUnich. East and West Berlin. 
Amsterdam. and return from London. A great 
deal of free time IS available even·where. but 
unit credit can. at tim s. be obtained b~ pnor 
arrangements with the accompanying 
professor 

Special emphasis IS placed on safe·guardlng 
student's funds through a bond and trust 
accounts. andin urance is Included 

If you are lIlterested in more Informalton. 
write Han Kolb. 13455 Ventura Blvd . 
Sherman Oaks. CA 91403 

General Dynamics' 
Convair Aerospace 
Division will be on 

cam~us Wednesday, 
Feb.9 interviewing 
scientific and 
technical graduates. 

BS, MS·AMES 
BS, MS·APIS 

Please sign up for an 
interview by contacting 

the Career Planning 
Services Office. 

GENERAL CYNAMICS 
Convair Aerospace DiVision 

E~ual Opporlunity Emp loyer, Mif 

Cranston on Dem Caucuses 
The following IS a statement prepared by 

Chris Keller, a Senatorial intern in the office 
of Senator Alan Cranston in San Francisco 
SENATOR ALAN CRANSTON COMMENTS 
Saturdav February 12. 1972 IS the date that 

readers of this newspaper must demonstrate 
bv their numbers and votes their deSIre for 
more broadl\' based representalton In the 
Democraltc d!'legate 'elertlon proces<, On 
this da\' at ten a J1l C<lUC us!'s Will bl: held In 43 

Congre~slonal dlstrtCl~ In Calltorma tu ,el(>ct 
delegate who WIll rl'pres('nt vou Jt thl' 
J)emocratw Comentton In :\1laml nl'xt Jul\ 

If you are a registered Demotr,,1 I thl: 
Republicans those nut to adopt df'legate 
selcctton reform thiS \'ear I \·uu nuw hdl'e a 
choll'e ot attemhng on!' ot nm~ caucuscs 
Depending on your ChOICl' lor Presldt'nt \OU 
may attend thp gathering tor one ot the~e 
candidate, Senators George :\lcGo\'ern. 
Edmund \lusklc. \'ancl' Hart~e Hubert 
Humph re\. H enr~ Jacbon Eugpn~ 

McCarth~ . Congresswomdn Shlrle\ ('hl,'holm 
Mavors John Ltndsav and am Yortv 

I am determtned that dele~atton, trom 
Calliorma be composed 01 Bldcks. Chicanos 
Amencan IndIans and women not token 
leaders . but representatives who ha\'e Ipd the 
fight for "oclal and economic Justtce m thplr 
communtlles We want people who ha\p 
actl\'ely worked In polttlC~ or local communlt\ 
orgamzaltons. not Just the relatl\(', 01 
wealthy'. prominent Democrat And WI' want 
young people who have proven their dedIcation 
and Interest m Improving our soclet\ 

At the Februarv 12 caucus YOU Will rallll b\ 
vote the clllzen 'from \'our district who 'wlil 
repre ent y'ou on the' StateWide Orgamzln/l 
Committee And more Importantly \OU Yo III 

nomma1e persons to erve as delegates and 
alternates on the preSidential candidate 
delegations 

Let me emphaSIZe that no perslJn shall be 
demed delegate status becau.,e h 'Jr she does 
not have fund for the tnp to Miami The 
pr eside ntia l campaigns and the 
D!'mocratlc Party must guaranteE' finanCial 
hplp 10 tho (. dr'legat!'s who cannot allord thl' 
con\,pntlon f'xpenses 1 have urged l'arh ot Ihp 
delegallons III h,,\'(' lund ral,er, tor thIS 
purpo,('. and Will a:'1 t In <111\ wa\ I CiJn to 
In urp th.j( no elpned dpl('gate I denlPo trd\el 
to the convpnttr,n lor lack ollunds 

I hrltpvr. till nl'W method of del(·gatl· 
,<:I('('tlOn WIll pfllvldp a trull represpntatlH' 
presldl'nlliil dl'I"Izatlon <.it the uemo!:r:ltlc 

~dl "mal (',m\'entlon srJmethmg tar 
dllterent trom thl' l~hIl Chicago (nnH'ntton 
The." ne\\ ruk, require th;lt the d!'lt~"t1on 
not IJnh bl' st'lt'cwd on a democratic bdsl In 
public meeting .. but that thp\' truh rf'present 
all Calttorman 

,\ w('(·k aitrr th. Fl'bruarv 12th caueuw, . 
each candldalr SlalPwide Organl1lng 
CommlttP(' Will meH to ,ell'et 88 percent 01 
the del 'gate' and alternat!', allowed on the 
delegation ,\t thh nl('etlng the cmnmlttP(' 
ma\'o but I not reqUired to select the 

delpgatp~ Imm tho,,' persr,ns nominated <Jt th .. 
dl>trlct caueu.~. Each pre,;ld nll<ll 

~dndldate ' ddq,dtton b reqUIred to mclude d 
fair repre-entallon 01 workln~ per on, 
women . rmnonty group, and dl\·er. t' agE' 
group 

[ tull\ expect ('arh candidate s StalE?"ldc 
Or~anlZln~ Committee to honor the 

recommendatllln~ vf the caucus to do 
otherwi,<' retutl's the purpos,' 01 the 
J)emocratlC' relorm comm!. 'Ion 

Draft info Seminar with Lance 
Beizer, UCSD Draft Councilor. 

1148 HL 
7 :30 PM, Tuesday., February 8. 

LA JOLLA 
-. -Rexall 

PHARMACY 
School Supplies 

Cosmetics ~ 
955 Prospect 

GUADAtAJARA SU MMER SESSION 
UNt" ERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 

JUlY 3. August 1\, 1972 

fully owod,ted cou,ses ,n SpaOlsh 
lonyuoye 01 all 10,.1, 0,1 1, le,olu,o 
lolklore h'llo,y melhodol09Y polilic ol 
,,,onro sOCioloyy and IIO'S ,,,lIurol 
Sl"d,es 

lUlllon St65 \IX sem.'1eI ",,'s 
Room and boord \ t 60 \I> weeks Wllh 0 
Me",on ho" fomily tnlo,mallon P,ol 
G t Oddo UnIVels,ly 01 Ion OIlYo Ion 
Oligo (01110'010 91t 10 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
tN CASUAL WEAR 
5HIRTALE5 INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 

iNe, 

he Golden Rollin Bell,' 
ffl1H111f1A1. 

Pub/He laurant 

Entertainment Nightly 
Sunday Brunch Concert 

Prime Rib 
Gourmet Casseroles 

.,:\ unique dining e:xperienec . 

22515th t.~Del'lar 755-1-1'" 
Triton Times February 8, 197? Page 7 

--



~ -. 

- .' 

announcements 
tuesd ':Jy 

5:00 p.m - Supper for 
students .It 35 cents. All 
welcome. 

Want to lo!e those mid-week 
blues? Get it on at the new 
Tuesday nite Disney 
cartoon flicks !! Yes 
friends, classic nostalgia, 
featuring all your old 
Disney animated pals, is 
back aga in. Mickey, 
Donald, Goofy, Johnny 
Appleseed, Lil ' Toot, Pecos 
Bill, and company. All th is 
w ill start on Feb. 8, with two 
showings : The Legend of 
Sleepy Hollow and The 
Wind in the Willows. 
.Featur ing Ichabod Crane 
and Mr. Toad of Toad Ha ll. 
On the same bill will be 
Saludos Amigos with Goofy 
and his Brazilian Pa ls. 
There will be two complete 
showings at 7 and 9: 15, 2722-
USB . Free popcorn ; 
refreshments will be sold at 
the door . Sponsored by the 
UCSD Ski Club. 

Intermediate and Advanced 
Ba lkan dancing w ith 
teaching . 8-11 p . m . 
International Student 
Center, CM. 

Working Budgets for all 
media (Triton Times), 
KSDT, and all subsidiary 
journals) for the 1972-73 
academic year should be 
addressed to the Comm 
Board in care of Nora Aust, 
105 MC as soon as possible. 

The Christian Science 
Organization meets in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge 
tonight at 7 p.m. All UCSD 
students and faculty are 
warmly invited to attend . 

(6l fl ) 
10566 

)I't a6eJ04:>uv 5951 X08 
'V)tSV1V NI S80r 
'OO 'I:S '~al'l\Ooq pal!e~ao 
' s~so:> 6u!"!1 ''l\JOM JaUJUJns 
' aJOW AueUJ 'LM6 'AJauue:> 
' 6uI4)l!a~ ' uo!pnJ~suo) 
' I!O ' sqo ! ~noql! lie UJeal 

i '1)1 SVl V 

" o:>'1qnd la 
epl!4 uOlJe:>npa ap uO!Junl 
eun JlldUJn:> aqap oJ~ea~ 13" 

l!ul!n!!.l ap 
aldoad ue:>!xaw 

OJI~010NHJ3.l 
a4~ uo pal/V Olnl !ISU I a4.l 

pUI! s6nJO WOJI sluapnlS 
awa41 :SJOP'V 

UJ d OC l LL A 'V 0 I ~:J 

' =.'VJ 3113/\3~ 
Sa qo~ H asor ap 

.. SOO 191 ~~'VS30 SOl .. 
SH 3S3~d 'VH)3W 

'aJOls)j008 
AllSJaA un sa~eUJ!~sa 
aaJ:J sAa)j A'l\)IIS 4"M 
SJalUN adAI AlnO pa~ueM 

All people interested in 
Snow Ski Club come to a 
meeting today at 8 p.m . -
ICll10 . Will discuss trip to 
Squaw Valley over break . 

LECTURE : " Martin Buber 
and The Education of 
Modern Man." Dr. Houston 
Burnside, professor in 
elementary education , 
SDSe. Sponsored by San 
Diego State Extension. 7:30 
p.m ., Council Chambers, 
Aztec Center . Public, free. 

wednesday 
8 p.m. - Study of Mark 's 
Gospel. Open to all. At 
Univers i ty Lutheran 
Student Center, just west of 
Revelle. 

The UCSD Skydiving Club 
will be having a meeting to 
elect off icers and to discuss 
student jumping on 
Wednesday at 8 p.m . in 
room 2113. bu ilding 2A . 

Open ing today and 
continuing thru the next 
week end ing on Fr iday the 
18th is an undergraduate 
major show entitled 
ARTWORKS? Th is show, 
consisting of paintings, 
drawings, and some 
conceptua l pieces, is 
located in the downsta irs 
gallery , Humanities-
Library. 

You are invited to a 
Literature Department 
afternoon informal 
gathering this week, for the 
sake of inconsistency to be 
held in the Revelle Forma l 
Lounge. (wh ich is right 
next, and behind, the 
informal lounge ) For a 

(II l) III!H AaJn 'JD 
0IUI II! s60Ie~e) 'padsOJd 
519 'JD uo!p~aJ:>a~ I!II0r el 
'wd \7-l II qa:J 'II!S 'UJd 9-l 
' II 'qa:J '!J::l uo!ssas 6u!Jds 
JOI uOileJIS!6a~ 06a!0 
ues 10 A!!sJa"!Un aaJ:J 

louosJad 

(\711\7 ) 
l Jalll! 8ll8-5Sl Alln:>el JO 

HelS 'sluapnls JOI luno:>s!o 
a:> ! AJas xel aUJo:>u I 

18 16·m ( ~ V 3 ~ 3 H.l N I) 
VllOr 'Vl 13H)S~3H 
8tU lNnO)SIO 
lN 30nlS 10~.lNO) 

NOllnllOd 
ON'V S~ I 'Vd3~ 

S~'V ) N~13~0:l 
O N 'V N'<;t) I ~::lW'<;t 
3 ) IM3S 3/\ 1 LOWO.ln'<;t 

S3W'<;tr A~l (.03~ l l 
~ O )I) IS Oln'<;t ~nO A SI 

(~) ' IO\7lX 
,,'1J ' ''AI!4 Aew noA walqoJd 
6U!l!JM Aue 41!M dla4 
JO III!JP 46noJ JnoA )j:>a4:> 
01 alql!l!l!"e aJI! sJapea~ 

)INI1J ~NI.lI~M 

Page 8 Triton Times February 8, 1972 

I nternational stardust poets 
union meeting Wednesday 
at 7:00 at the 5 and dime. 

program of Poetry and film 
featuring : Barbara E inzig 
and Dana Rufold - will 
read their own poetry - and 
Laura Silagi will show her 
film : 4 p.m . Revelle Formal 
Lounge - About Woman . 

At 7 p.m. today, in the Muir 
Cafeteria, there will be a 
meeting of all people 
interested in participating 
in the recently-built Craft 
Workshop . 

URBAN & RURAL 
STUDIES PUBLIC 
LECTURE - Dr. Harry 
K itano, Acting Director of 
the Asian American Studies 
Center at UCLA will present 
a publ ic lecture sponsored 
by the URS Program (Third 
College) . His topiC will be : 
Racial Identification . Bldg . 
111 -A, Matthews, 4 to 6 p.m . 

URBAN & RURAL 
STUDIES PUBL IC 
LECTU R E Lehman 
Br ightman, Pres., United 
Native Amer icans, Inc., 
San Francisco. Topic : 
" First Americans Last " . 
Bldg . ll1-A, Matthews. 
GENERAL DYNAMICS, 
CONVAI R DIV ISION 
Recru iter Degrees : B/M 
Ma jors AMES/ AP IS Test, 
deS ign, re liability and 
analysis . For more 
information contact Career 
Planning and Educat ion . 

TEACHING CREDENTIAL 
INFORMATION SEMINAR 
- for students interested in 
elementary or secondary 
teaching . I nformal Lounge, 
Revelle Commons. 

( ~) 
' l091 

-l8l III!:> - sU0!lepass!p 
01 sJaded WJal-W81 uo 

~NldA.l 3.l'<;t~n))V ~O:J 

81Z 
'9590-£5\7 'S80r HSn~ 

":>Ia 'sJaded WJal "pass! p 
'04d 'asa41 'I!W :S.lSldA.l 

sa:>IAJaS 

(81Z) IU6-55l 
·ow 'sa pa4S!UJnl SU!ll!nq 
d , :l '48 ~46 !1 uooW xaldnp 
WJpq l axnlap a6Jel MaN 

(81Zl '\7l:l0 
-65\7 'Ji)Ued 'JW lie) ')jaaM 
Jad sJn04 9 Alall!W!xoJdde 

'6u!daa'l\aSn04 
146!1 JOI a6u e 4:>xa 
U! 'saJ04S I!II0r el II! 
asn04 a6Jel U! a:>ul!JIUa UMO 
411M WOOJ alI!A!Jd :aaJ:J 

(81Zl ' 11l6-55l ·OW 
'S6l 48 146!1UOOW Ma!" jJns 
pa4S!UJn l xaldnp WJpq I: 

Come to the rap session 
with Dr. Kashotf, director 
of Discovery a center for 
growth and creativity. Dr . 
Kashoff is interested in 
meeting the Campus 
community to exchange 
ideas about her center and 
answer questions about its 
programs. Meeting is today 
4 to 5 p.m . in Blake Hall 
Conference room on Revelle 
(next to the shop) If you 
cannot come to the meet ing 
contact 453-0286, Freda, for 
informat ion. Call only 
between 8:30 to 9:30 a.m . 
(except Thurs. ) and ·8 to 9 
p.m. 

friday 
International folk dancing 7 
to 12 p.m. at Revelle south 
dining hall 7 to 9 p.m . class 
for beginners 9 to 12 p.m. 
general dancing. 

CONSCIENTIOUS 
OBJ ECTOR MEETI NGS -
Seminar with Lance Belzer, 
UCSD Draft Counselor, for 
Conscientious Objector 
appl icants and those w ith 
any other draft questions 
Fr idays at 3 p.m. in 1102 
Tioga Hall . Be sure to not ice 
change of room from Fall 
Quarter. 

MECHA PRESENTS 
" LOS Desarragados" de 
Juse H. Rubles, today in the 
Revelle Cafeter ia at 7: 30 
p.m. Play Examines closely 
the affect of the drug 
culture on the Mexican 
people. Performance is 
carried out by students 
from Instituto 'Techiologico 
de Tijuana . Admission is 
free ! Everybody is 
welcome. 

([ Il l) 'a"eo 
'S8\78-SSl SP!)j '6u!dwe::> s6!p 
iJ.SV:I - 3WOH S033N 
'S41W 01 (UJ ) paAowes / da4S 

(111ll 'P3 'l009 
-1 8l ' JaHo Isa8 'J!e 's6ew 
'ds-\7 ISJnH 'adl!4s po06 
'sal!w 01 ' JauunJPl!o~ +Ol 

(\7l1\7) 'OClO6 'eJ 'AI!) 
JaAln) ' 'V ' Idao 'puepa"o 
8\7l\7 888£ -I:S\7 JO 9019 
-1 8l ' N'VW~ IVH) .lH911:J 
11'1) ! dl~1 - 0NnO~ 
6\71:$ WO~:J : NVdVr 

~ dl~:I.l-ONnO~ 6llS WO~::l 
: 3dO~n3 S.lH~ll:J 
.l3r lVnNN'<;t H.16 

(lll l ) 5\7\78-SSl :11'11) ' \7 JOI 
WOOJ 'aueld alI!A!Jd 6u!AII 
'e!e8 U! pua)jaaM 6uOl 

(Lll) 
'( SaAa ) 9\7l\7-SSl I!U!.l III!:> 
'OIU! aJoUJ J0:J ' sassed l! e~ 
' e:>!JI'V 'l aeJSI 'sua4W 
'O! ~ 01 Sal!l::l 'OS I S AeM-auo 
'SllS WOJI adoJn3 oSle Oln 
oA'l\o.l 6llS 06")!4) '8SIS 
AN 01 sal!l::l )j"aJ8 6u!JdS 

The UCSD DRAMA CLUB 
- is mak ing plans for 
supportive work in 
connection with 
forthcoming productions of 
the Drama Department, as 
well as plans for our own 
production in the Spring 
Quarter . The entire UCSD 
commun ity is welcome to 
attend weekly meetings 
every Tuesday at 5: 30, Q-31 
(re ar of Matthews 
Campus) . For further 
informat ion call Steve at 
453-9033 or Gordon at 270-
1069. 

The Anomaly Factory 
presentsM.N.X. this Fr iday 
and Saturday, Bldg . 257Me. 
Tickets available at Urey 
Hall box office or at the 
door. For reservations call 
x1195. There will be no 
performance this Thursday 
night. 

Coffee Hut will not accept 
larger than $5 bills after 4 
p.m. each day. 

Fellowships i n 
oceanography are available 
for the summer of 1972 at 
Woods Hole to advanced 
un dergraduates and 
beginning graduate 
students. Applications may 
be obtained from the 
Fellowship Committee, 
Woods Hole Oceanographic 
I nst itution, Woods Hole, 
Mass. 02543, and must be 
submitted by March l. For 
further information, call 
Jean Fort, X 1258, 108 Me. 

( ~ ) (lua! JO pue laeJs 1 
'lse3 aIPP!W OSI'V.) 0908 
-1:1:8 ( \7ll ) \799l6 'e) 'au!"JI 
'AVM H.lV3~MSN33nO 
1:19l1 " d '3 'S'3 3WI.lANV 
)1)'18 3WO) '3WI.lANV 
O~ SI:IS WO~:J AVM 
3NO OllS WO~:J dl~.l 
ONnO~ S.lH~Il::l ONnO~ 

~V3AS~nOASI3dO~n3 

(u t l: / £) 
I:lS8-l6C (SI\7) au04d 

1:01 \76 ' I!!e) 'o:>spu eJ::l 
UI!S 'laaJIS la)jJew 566 
·.IN I SJ.H~I1:1 ~3J.~'1H:> 

3J.I~M 
~O 11'1:> SUO"eAJaSa~ 
'salnpalPS 'uo"eWJoJul 
JO:l ' sl!elap JOI )jse 
- sdnoJ6 a6Jel JO lIews JOI 
luawa6ueJJe Sl4fi!lllepads 

: sJapeal dnoJ6 UO!IUaUV 
alqel!eA'V 

PJe) '0 ' 1 leUO!leUJa~UI 
'V I S'V 

- V)I~::lV - 13V~SI 
S146!1::1 ueadoJn3 -JalU I 

uo aJe::l J!V MOl 
AeM 

auo 6llS WOJI NOONOl 
d!JIPUnOJ 69ZS - NOONOl 

S3~V::I 31dWVS 
WOJ::I 

aS004) o~ S~46!1::1 Auew 
318'111'11/\'1 

MON S31n03HJS 
11'1 ::l-~ 3WWnS-9N I ~ dS 

S.lH911::l ~3.l~VH) 
U6l 3dO~n3 


