
Volum~ 20, Number 1 

Commuting by Thumb 
by Tim O'Neill 

With the closing of summer and the beginning of 
another quarter at UCSD, there comes the problem of 
commuting to and from UCSD for many students. 

With the public transportation system being sparse 
and limited, the lack of car pools, and the lack of 
private transportation; most students are left only with 
the choice of hitchhiking. Some students find this 
alternative not to be so bad, while others find it to be 
unpleasent, if not fatal. 

Most students are afraid to hitchhike in the 
beginning, but after a while, they begin to think that 
they can handle any situation. They feel that they can 
pick the wierdos out and refuse a ride with them, but 
that's not always true. 

Wierdos know where to pick up the girls and the 
guys. They prey on an environment like UCSD. 

last April 18, Dian'e Jonas locked her dog in her 
Encinitas apartment and set off for San Diego, on the 
northern edge of la Jolla, a few miles down Coast 
Highway 101 . 

Her mode of travel was hitchhiking, which she was 
known to dislike. But she said she couldn't afford a car. 

She never arrived at the university. 
last year, Holly Halvorsen, a UCSD Sophomore, was 

fatally shot, and, in daylight hours, dumped into the 
ditch on Torrey Pines Road, a short distance from the 
campus. Her roommate reported that Holly had been 
warned about hitchhiking but apparently had been 
picked up while hitching. 

According to a recent survey, nearly half of the 120 
cases of sexual assault reported at tht! University of 
Colorado last year had hitchhikers as their victims. In 
the Boston-Cambridge area last year, everal college 
girls were murdered, at least three of them hitchhikers, 

Four UC-Santa Cruz coeds were found dead and 
mutilated early last spring. All had been hitchhiking to 
off-campus residences. 

The statistics on assaults on males are poor because 
so many men just won't report them due to fear or 
embarrasment. 

Concern is felt as UC D prepare~ for the fall quarter 
and the influx of hitchhiking students. The concern is 
nationwide. 

" As more and more students (hitchhike), motivated 
by economic necessity, certainly, and also perhaps by a 

Continued on pg.17 

Reagan's Tax Proposals 
By Chris Rauber 

Gh(1sts of the political struggles of the '60's will haunt 
the polls on November 6, 1973, as Governor Ronald 
Reagan and the University of California confront one 
another for perhaps the last time. 

The protest marches and strikes are over, the inner 
cities are quiet, and the bullhorns, placards, and 
barricades are gone, but many of the issues involved 
are still very much alive. 

At stake, in the special electton called for by the out-
going governor, is the fate of Proposition One, the 
controversial Tax limitation Initiative. If adopted by 
the voters, Reagan 's pro~sal would become Article 29 
of the California state constitution. 

Advocates of the measure, which would place an 
annually declining limit on state revenues and expend-
itures, claim that it will control " runaway" govern-
mental expansion and will provide the average Calif-
ornian with badly needed income tax relief. 

Critics charge, however, that the promised tax break 
is actually only a tax shift from the progre sive income 
tax to regressive sales and property taxes, intended to 
provide yet another tax loophole for the wealthy and 
to undermine state funding of social welfare programs 
and higher education, particuliarly the University of 
California. 

State legislative Analyst A. Alan Po t says that 
passage of the Initiative could mean an immediate $620 
million cut in next year's state budget, including drastic' 
reduction of the University of California's funding. 
Possible results include the cutback or elimination of 
fina ncial aid and experimental progrmas, a higher 
studentfaculty ratio, loss of the renter's tax relief 
program for renting students, the elimination of pay 
raises fo faculty and other university employees, and 
higher tuition for all U.c. students. The cumulative 
result would seem to be a lower quality education at a 
higher price. . 

Proponnents of Proposition One deny that uch 
drasti cuts will be necessary, because th y contend 
that an annual 8% growth rate in the state's economy 
will provide adequate funding for all "neces ary" state 
programs. However, many economists feel that it's 
unreasonable to expect an 8% growth rate in a state 
that's only averaged 7.6% growth in the pa t 13 years. 
Furthermore, supporters of the Initiative base their ca l-
culations of onomic growth on the premi e that th 

Continued on PI. 17 

IJniversity of California, San Diego 

The Housing Dilemma 
- Part I 
by Hannah Cohen 

For the first time an 
extremely large freshmen 
class coupled with a very 
large number of returning 
residence students has 
caused overcrowding in 
the residence halls of all 
three colleges. 

Revelle is feeling the 
worst of the squeeze. Ac-
cording to Rick Bayer, 
Assistant Resident Dean of 
Revelle, 32 double rooms 
in Argo and Blake halls 
have been converted to 
triples . It is hoped that this 
will be only a temporary 
measure because Rick 
Bayer expects that there 
will be some residence 
contract cancellations with-
in the first few weekslof the 
quarter. 

Extra desks, roll-away 
beds, chairs and waste 
baskets have been rented 
for the third occupant of 
each room. However, it was 
impossible to put in a third 

populated by students from 
all three colleges. By Friday, 
there were 136 Third 
College students, 102 
Revelle students, and 64 
Muir students in residence 
at Third College. The 
female and male ratio were 
the same 151 . 

Edward Tafoya, the new 
Resident Dean of Third 
College, says that no 
serious problems have re-
sulted so far because of the 
mixing of the students of 
the three colleges. How-
ever, he has noted that the 
parents of some Revelle 
and Muir students are up-
tight about their children 
living with the Third World 
students, 

An unknown number of 
students form all three 
colleges are currently stay-
ing at nearby motels wait-
ing for space to become 
available in the residence 
halls. 

Edward hfoy~, new Resident Dean of third College 
closet and extra book-
shelves because of the way 
the rooms were built. All 
those students who have 
two roomates will pay ap-
proximately $27.00 less per 
month than the normal 
double room occupant. 

As of Friday, there were 
499 freshmen and 400 
upper classmen being 
housed at Revelle. Out of 
those totals 550 were males 
and 365 were female . 

Though conditions at 
Third and Muir colleges are 
not as severe as Revelle 
both campus' dorms are 
100% full of under-
graduates. This year, as 
opposed to last year, there 
is no on-campus housing 
for graduate students 
except for two graduate 
students who are working 
as tutors at Third College in 
exch<tnge for room and 
board. 

At Muir, all those room 
that were built to bused 
as triples are being utiliz d 
for the first time. As of Sun-
day, Muir R idence Halls 
were hou ing approximat -
Iy 940 stud nts. 500 ar 
Freshmen and 420 are 
f mal and 520 ar mal s. 

Thi fall al 0 mark the 
fir t tim that the Third 
Coli g R sid nce hall ar 

In order' to establish a 
way of assigning rooms to 
those awaiting dorm space 
a priority system has been 
set up by residence officers 
containing six priorities. 
Priority one consists of all 
those returning students 
who entered room draw 
last spring. All these stu-
dents have been 
accomodated. 

There are currently 35 
freshmen ' in priority Two 
and 49 advanced standing 
students in priority Three. 
Both these priorities are 
made up of students who 
live furth e r than a 30 
minute drive from campus. 

Priority Four contains 10 
freshmen and priority Five, 
36 students. The e are stu-
dents who live within the 
30 minute driving radius. 

Priority Six is made up of 
64 returning upp r class-
men who did not ent r last 
quarter's room draw. 

According to larry 
Ba r tt, the Director of 
Housing and Food Services, 
overcrowding of th 
residence halls during the 
fall quarter is here to tay at 
least throu h Fall 74. Mr. 
Barr It it d s v ral 
reasons for this progno is. 

Th Third Coli g dorm 
will not b ready to op n 

Continued on pg. 3 

Tuesday, September -15, 1973 

Co-op Bookstore 
Opens 
by Rick Drom 

Books will cost less for 
students if a new co-
operative venture suceeds. 
Yesterday the Co-op Book 
Exchange opened in the 
bottom of Blake Hall, near 
the Revelle Plaza. 

It's object is to~ give stu-
dents "access to used text-
books" according to larry 
Deckel , manager of the Co-
op. 

This is how the Co-op 
will work. Students and 
faculty bring their used 
books into the exchange 
and receive a receipt for 
the books stating the price 
they wish them to be sold 
for. The book is then clear-
ly marked with a price and 
put out on shelves in the 
exchange to be sold. 

People wanting used 
texts can shop among these 
books. When the books are 
sold the original owner can 
come in and pick up the 
money for the books. 

Thus the Co-op Book Ex-
change will not technically 
"buy" or really sell any 
books. It is simply a place 
wher sellers and buyers 
can get together to ex-
change used books and 
other materials. 

Though it is labeled a 
Book Exchange it IS en-
visioned as a place where 

almost any item can be 
sold; particularly records. 
The format for used 
records would be the same. 

According to Deckel, the 
Co-op is "a market place of 
items for the students, at 
prices he can afford . It is a 
place to have your selling 
done for you, at no person-
al cost to yourself." 

The book exchange will 
have regular hours during 
the quarter. The first two 
weeks the hours will be as 
follows : 
Monday : 12:30 -1 :50 
Tuesday: 9:30 -11:00 
Wednesday : 12:30 - 1:50 
and 3:30 - 5:00 
Thursday : 9:30 -11:00 
Friday: 12:30 -1:50 

The Co-op grew out of a 
neLd for lower prices for 
books at UCSD. The 
campus bookstore is not a 
discount store and sells 
very few used texts. The 
primary reason seems to be 
that the bookstore only 
buys texts at the end of 
quarters for a small fraction 
of the original cost. 

Since it sells these same 
texts at well over 50% of 
cost very few students avail 
themselves to the oppor-
tunity of selling or buying 
used texts. 

Continued on pg. 18 

Committee 
Apointments 

Committee on N~ming Buildings, Streets, 
Colleges, ~nd F~cilities 

Responsibl e for naming things, but everything 
must go to the Regents for final approval. One 
student (grad or undergrad) 

Buicling Advirosry Committee for Student 
Center ~nd Student Afbirs F~cilities 

Responsible for the development of the college 
cluster. One student co-chair - four undergrads -
one grad. 

Ad Hoc Beuh Devetopment Committee 
Group charged with creating a Master Plan for 
the beaches adjacent to the campus. One student 
Progr~m Review Committee Subcommittee on 
C~pit~1 Outl~y ~nd Sp.1Ice 

Charge is to view (review) all capital outlay 
programs and space allocations and provide the 
Program Review Committee with 
recommendations concerning these resourses, 
including recommended changes in the capital 
outlay program for State and non -State funding. 
Equipment requirements and allocations shall 
also be reviewed and recommendations 
provided, as appropriated. Two tudents -
recommendations have been suggested. 
C~mpus PI~nning Committee 

Responsible for all planning and building on the 
campus. All building proj cts must clear this 
group. One tudent 

Housing ~nd Food Service Advisory Committee 
Considers and r nders advice on all a peets of 
the campus housing and food service sy t m. Is 
charg d with review of the concepts, policie , 
rate tructure, financial s atl .ments, budg t , 
op rations and organization of th hou ing and 
food rvi system. Recommendations ar 
sllbmitted through the Chair to th Offi of th 
Vic Chan lIor of Bu In and Finane . 01\ 
tud nt 
Pro8r~m Review Commi tee 

Principl advi ory ommitt e to th 
On all progrmas and prioriti in th cont xt of 
the goals and obi tiv of UCSD. It r vi w ~II 
thin . On tud nt - tud nt o-chair of th 
Advi ory Committ for tud nt F Pro rma 

ontlnu don pl. 17 



• / 
v-

S~L~fClr~I[) 1 
~lllf()ll?lr~J 

Sea World Colleg~ Night 
C~>ntinuous professtional entertainment and non-

stop dancing to two bands will highlight All College 
Night at Sea World Friday, Sept. 28. 

The 3O-acre marine park will open at 7:30 p.m. for 
college students, faculties and their families from the 
University of California, at San Diego, University of San 
Diego, United States International University, 
California State University at San Diego, and Mesa, 
Grossmont, Southwestern, City and Palomar Jun ior 
Colleges. The park will close at 1 a .m. 

All six Sea World shows and 25 exhibits, plus the rock 
bands and entertainers, will be available at a discount 
rate. Tickets must be purchased on campus for All 
College Night. 

Willie Tyler and his pal Lester, the comedian 
ventriloquist featured on "Laugh-In," will open the 
"Shamu for Mayor" show at Shamu/GAF Stadium, 
where three performances will be seen. The Shamu 
double-whale show ends with a daring kiteflyer who 
soars BOO feet above t~e park in a Delta wing kite. 

Harry Balckstone Jr. , America's greatest illusionist, 
will mystify audiences at Sea World's Seal and Penguin 
Arena where Coca Cola presnets the " Ding-a-Ling 
Bros. Circus." Daily Variety has called Blackstone 
" assured and authoritative ... befitting h is heritage 
from his famous father." 

Sophisticated magicians Prince Paulo and AI Lampkin 
will entertain at various locations with close-up tricks 
and innovative magical effects. 

Two bands will perform in separate areas of the park, 
providing continuous dance music . 

Warner Bros. reco rding artists "Corroboree" have 
performed club and concert dates throughout the 
west, and in japan, Mexico City and at the Munich 
Olympics. 

The group has been called "one of the new 
supergroups of the 70s" by a recent reviewer. 

San Diego's own " Fairfield," one of the most 
successful and sought-after groups in this area, will 
provide a contemporary rock ~eat . "Fai rfield" .i~ noted 
for its st rong horn section and IS syno fTlOUS wltn good 
dance music in San DieRo. 

Old-time movies will be shown continuously at the 
Hawaiian Punch Pavilion , starring W.e. Fields, Laurel 
and Hardy and other screen greats. 

The Sparkletts Water Fantasy show will be a special 
one for All College Night, featuring currently popular 
recorded rock groups in the sound, light and water 
spectacular. 

Part of the proceeds from All College Night go to 
each school participating. 

Sea World is located just off 1-5 on Sea Wo rld Drive 
in Mission Bay. Ample free parking is available for 
visitors. 

Page 2, TritQn Time Sept~mber 25~ 1973, 
I <I I I r , . ' 

University Library Hours 
The regular schedule of open hours for The 

University Libraries for the 19731'74 academic year 
follows. Hours will vary during holiday and vacadion 
periods and will be announced. 

S.D. MEDICAL SOCIETY-UNIVERSITY 
HOSPITAL LIBRARY 

Monday-Thursday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Sunday 

8;00 A.M. - 10:00 P.M. 
8:00A.M. - 6;00 P.M. 
9:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. 
1:00 P.M. - 5:00 P.M. 

CENTRAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 
Monday-Thursday 8:00A.M. -10:00 P.M. 
Friday 8:00 A.M. - 6:00 P.M. 
Saturday 9:00 A.M. - 5;00 P.M. 
Sunday 2:00 P.M. - 10:00 P.M. 

CLUSTER UNDERGRADUATE LIBRARY 
Monday-Thursday 8:00 A.M. - 11 ;00 P.M. 
Friday 8:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. 
Saturday 11 ;00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. 
Sunday 11 :00 A.M. -11:00 P.M. 

Library Tours 
" Knowledge. is power." Know your library by taking 

one of the free walking tours available at 10 am and 2 
pm. Monday through Wednesday at the Cluster 
Undergraduate Library . Cluster shares the Humanities 
Library Building with departmental offices, classrooms, 
and the swallows (south for the winter) on the Revelle 
Campus. The library entrance is on the second floor of 
the north side of the building (no signs). 

The library services and collections are aimed at the 
reading needs of undergraduates but all members of 
the university community are welcome to use the 
library and take the tours. Anyone who wishes a tour at 
other times may contact the reference staff. Call Ext . 
19718-6 Monday through Thursday, and 8-5 on Fridays, 
and 1-10 on Sundays or stop in the library at any of 
those times for more information and answers to your 
questions. 

New Nursery School 
The Children's Corner 

Cooperative Nursery 
School opened in Sept-
ember at the University 
Lutheran Church on the 
corner of North Torrey 
Pines Road and La Jolla 
Shores Drive. It is a non-
sectarian , inter-racial, non-
denominational state lic-
ensed school for three and 
four year olds. 

There are a few open-
ings, in both the three year 
old class which meets Tues-
day and Thursday from 9-
11:30 a.m. and in the four 
year old group which 
meets Mondays, Wednes-
days and Fridays from 9-
11 :30a.m. 

The teacher is Mrs. 
Ma rily n Heikoff, who 
taught and directed at 
" Pine Grove Cooperative 
Nursery School" on Col-
lege Ave. on the Rut'gers 
ca mpus in New Brunswick 

N:j. for seven years. She 
moved to California last 
year and taught an after-
noon nursery class at the 
International Center. 

All summer parents and 
teacher worked to fence in 
the playground and build 
equipment for their new 
school , as well as to work at 
procedures involved in lic-
ensing and incorporating. 
Mothers or fathers partici -
pate in the classroom on a 
monthly schedule and find 
it a great joy to be a part of 
their children's first school. 
The member families are 
drawn from the universi ty 
and surrounding co m-
munities . The fees are 
$18.00 for the three year 
olds and $27.00 for the four 
year olds. 

For more information 
ca ll Mrs. Heikoff at 453-
0972, or Mrs. Sham at 459-
1336. 

SCRIPPS INSTITUTION OF OCEANOGRAPHY 
Monday-Thursday 8:00 A.M. -11:00 P.M. 
Friday 8;00 A.M. - 6:00 P.M. 
Saturday 9:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. 
Sunday 1:00 P.M. - 5:00 P.M . 

BIOMEDICAL LIBRARY 
Monday-Thursday 8;OOA.M. -10:00 P.M. 
Friday 8:00 A.M. - 6;00 P.M. 
Saturday 9;00 A.M . - 5:00 P.M . 
Sunday 1:00 P.M. -10:00 P.M. 

SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING LIBRARY 
Monday-Thursday 8;OOA.M. -11:00 P.M. 
Friday 8:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. 
Saturday 9:00 A.M. - 6:00 P.M . 
Sunday 1:00 P.M. - 6;00 P.M . 

The Love Drug 
"tHERE WERE NUDE BODIES EVERYWHEREV. 

SQUIRMING TO GET OFF OF A LARGE THROW RUG 
AND INTOTHEIR CLOTHESW ' 

The setting of a new pornographic movie? No - the 
police report of a raid on a methaqualone party, 
America's aphrodisiac drug kick that is spreading fast . ' 

Called "The Love Drug" by users because of its 
reported loosening of innibitions, police first started 
noticing large scale methaqualone abuse about six 
months ago. 

Made under the trade name Parest, SOPOR, ·and I 
Quaalude, metnaqualone is a non-barbiturate sedative 
given to patients who nave trouble sleeping. Unlike I 
most other "downs," methaqualone is not physically 
addictive, but it can cause psychological dependency. 

Illegal users of the drug claim it causes drunkenness, 
slurring of words and loss of muscle control. But 
pernpas the best-liked effect and definitely the reason 
most give for for its growing popularity is its 
enhancement of the sex drive. 

Orgies among users are not uncommon and the racy 
drug is in great demand with "swinger" groups of 
young, married couples. One Atlanta dodor 
prescribed methaqualone for cooed patients, visiting 
them after office hours when he knew their libido 
would be at its neight. And many arrested recently for 
sex crimes have been found to be under the influence 
of the drug. 

" Parents provides provides help for thousands of 
. people without the danger of t~king a barbiturat~," 
sa id a spokesman for Parke, DaVIS & Company, which 
manufactures the capsule sold in differing strengths. 
"We realize some of our drugs are finding tn~ir way 
into illegal markets and we are trying to do all we can 
to prevent it." 

" 1 don't care what the effects are, they are death," 
said Rubin, clad in a red bathing suit for an outdoor 
press conference annoucing the street action . And 
with Miami Beach Mayor Chuck Hall looking over his 
snoulder in approval, Rubin complained tnat " the 
government is shoving. these Quaaludes down our 
throats to keep our minds sedated." 

Despite Rubin's explanation, methaqualone is 
spreading because there is money to be made selling 
the drug illegally and people want to buy it. One dealer 
on a southern campus picks up a tax-free $500 a week 
making five sales of 1000 pills each . "1 would sell five 
times that amount if I could get them," she said, 
adding, " that's how much people want them." 

il!lllllIIIIIIIIrIIfIIIIIJ 

Fertile Ground 
For Discovery 

With this issue representing our first egg of the year over here at 117 Blake 
Hall, our growing staff is looking for a lot more. But as all of you who have 
ever worked on poulrtry farms know, laying eggs doesn't come all that easy . 
We can't lay our eggs without help. In fact , we've got enough coop space 
over here for at least 30 of you little hens and roosters. For instance: 

News, i\rts and Sports writers 
Photographers 
Production Assistants 
And many more ... 
If any of you are interested in any of the above positions, (or even 

positions not listed above), then go to Student Employment, pick up ,a job 
referral , bip on over to our office at 117 Blake Hall , see Corky or Bucky and 
we'll fix you up sooner than you can say "Cock-a-doodle-do" 10 times 
without taking a breath. 

Housing Dilemma .. 
. . . . 

Continued from PH; 1 
until at least September 75. 

Next year Fourth College 
will be opening with a total 
enrollment ranging from 
300 to 400 students. It is 
predicted that most of 
these students will desire 
on campus housing. 

The university is slated to 
grow by 600 students per 
year. According to Ron 
Bowker, the Dean of 
AdmiSSions. this year there 

I are 680 Freshmen expected 
to r~ister this fall and next 

year -there will be about 
2300 new Freshmen. 

Residence officials 
cannot appeal to the 
regents for the money be-
cause state monies can only 
go for academic buildings. 
The financing of any new 
dorms must be done by a 
40 year mortgage which is 
spread into the room rate 
paid by all UCSD Residence 
students so the residence 
population of one college 
is not taxed more than the 
other. 

Cleo Malone 

Registration Drive 

New Courses This Fan 
UCSD EXTENSION COURSES 

UCSD Exten si on 
announces that it will open 
a " branch" registration of-
fice for the first two weeks 
of fall quarter. Evening reg-
istrations will be taken in 
the lobby of Urey Hall, Re-
velle, instead of at indivi-
dual classroom locations. 

People who want to en-
roll in, or find out about 
Extension classes can com~ 
to the branch office Mon-
day through Thursday 
evenings during the weeks 
of Sept. 24 and Oct. 1. 
Hours are 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 
p.m. 

EQUAL RIGHTS 

University of California 
Extension and the League 
of Women Voters of San 
Diego are joining forces 
this fa ll to offer a cou rse 
about ' the Equal Rights 
Amendment. The focus will 
be on legal and social im-
pl icat ions the amendment 
will have if adpoted. 

Fellowships Offered 
NATIONAl SCIENCE FOUNDATION 

GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS 
WASHING, D.e. - The national Research Council 

has again been called upon to advise the National 
Science Foundation in the selection of candidates for 
the Foundation's program of Graduate Fellowships. 
Panels of eminent scientists appointed by the National 
Rese.arch Council will evaluate qualifications of 

. applicants. Final selection will be made by the 
Foundation, with with awards to be announced on 
March 15,1974. 

Initial NSF Graduate Fellowship awards are intended 
for students at or near the beginning of their graduate 
study. In gener~l, there!ore, those eligible to apply will 
be college seniors or first-year graduate students this 
Fall; in particular, eligibility is limited to individuals 
who by Fall 1974 will have completed not more than 
one.year of full-tim~ or. ~art-time graduate-level study. 
Subject t? the avall~blilty of funds, new fellowships 
awarded In the Spring ot 1974 will be for periods of 
thre.e. ye~rs, the second and third years contingent on 
certification to the Foundation by the fellowship 
institution of the student's satisfactory progress toward 
an advanced degree in the sciences. 

T~ese fellowships ,will be awarded for study or work 
leading to master s or doctoral degrees in the 
mathematical, physical , medical , biolog ical, 

Continued on pg. 17 

Record Attendance 
A record enrollment of 

more than 8,000 students 
attended the UCSD yester-
day, when classes began for 
the fall quarter. 

An estimated 6,155 
undergraduates and 1,927 
graduate students are 
attending UCSD, a 13 per-
cent increase over fall en-
rollment one yar ago. 

Revelle College 
estimates enrollment of 

the School of Medicine. 
The School of Medic ine 
will also have an estimated 
enrollment of 332 interns 
and residents, 75 Post-
doctoral and 96 graduate 
students, who will be locat-
ed on the UCSD campus 
and at University Hospital 
in San Diego. 

THE UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT COUNCIL 
announced recently that a short but highly important 
campaign to register all new students, st udents who 
have changed their address, and students who did not 
vote in November 1972 has been launched on this 

The branch office will be 
maintained in addition to 
the regular office open 
both daytime and evening 
at the Extension building 
on the Matthews Campus. 

Guest lecturers in the 2,600 undergraduate 
course offered to San students, with 3,000 at Muir 
Diegans this fall will spell College and 555 for Third 

Despite the record 
enrollment al UCSO, there 
were no long registration 
lines for fall quarter classes. 

campus. 

Students are strongly urged to register at their 
campus address so that they can vote in the special 
election to be held November 6th. 

The Special Election , which will determine the fate of 
Governor Ronald Reagan 's controversial "Tax 
Li mitation Plan," is one of the most important elections 
held in California in recent years. This election is of 
critical importance to students as it will directly affect 
the course of higher education. 

The initiative permits tile University to 
raise extra money - by raising tuition . If the budget is 
cut to the extent that most observers predict it could 
mean a $100. per quarter raise in tuition . 

I?eputy Registrars will be stationed at numerous 
POints on the campus until Friday October 5th. 

Since the introduction of the 18 year-old vote 
students have had a significant impact on numerous 

el~tions . The No~ember 6th election will provide you 
with an opportuOity to help determine the future of 
the University - provided you register to vote. 

SBPC Offices 
The UC Student 'Body Presidents' Council, 

representing the student leadership from the nine 
ca mpuses ~f the ~niversity of California, has elected its admln~trat've officers for the coming year. They are: 

Ch.al~man. - Lee Altschuler (UCB), Vice Chair for 
Admlnls!ratlon. - jeff Shelton (UCR), Vice Chair for 
AcademiC ~ffalrs - Heidi Hilb (UCLA), Vice Cnair for 
Student Afflars - Abby Haight (UCSB) Vice Chair for 
Graduate Affairs - Mark Overgaard (UCSD). 

The Council has establish'ed a list of goals forthe 
yea r. 

First, improving the quality of instruction afforded 
students at. tne University. The Council has made e~forts to diSCUSS these concerns with the faculty and 
Wi th th~ Board of Regnets. In all cases the presidents hav~ !r .. ed to enhance the teaching functions without 
saCrifiCing ~he n:search mission of the institution . 

S~ond, insuring the participation of students in the 
deCISIOns t~at aff~t them. This concept has been 

pa ra!f1~>unt In the dl cussions with the state and the UC admlnlst~ation . Specific concerns include the role of 
students In the go.vernance of the institution, the effect 
of f~c.ulty. collective bargaining on students, and the 

pa rtl~lpallo.n of students in academic decisions. 
~hlrd: Inc reasing communication with the UnI~erslty, and between the UC administration and the 

Legislature. Activities in this area hav been directed 
to",,:,ards. opening up the policy deliberations of the 
Un iverSity by encouraging good faith dialogue on the 
p~oblems of higher education amongst all of the con-
stituencies involved. 

I Anyone Wishing more information on the Council 
PUC ease, Contad ~ark Overgaard or Stephanie Harri 

SO s reps to thiS statewide board. 

To make a telephone 
inquiry, or request a copy 
of the Explore catalog, 
please call 453-2000, exten-
sion 2061 . 

INFANT CA~_E 
Recent discoveries about 

infant development will be 
brought out in a UCSD Ex-
tensiofl course starting 
Thursday (Sept. 27) for all 
professionals involved in 
infant care or assessment. 

The course is titled 
" Normal Infant Growth 
and Behavior I; The New-
born and Early Infancy," 
and is open to medical 
personnel, nurses work ing 
In newborn nurseries and 
well baby clinics, adopt ion 
and counseling agency staff 
members, clinical psy -
chologists, and therapists in 
speech-hearing and vision. 

It is also open to students 
preparing to enter these 
fields, but anyone enrolling 
should possess at least a 
basic background in psy_ 
chology, child develop-
ment and physiology, ac-

-cording to course 
instructor Charlotte White. 

The class will meet 7-10 
p.m. Thursdays in Room 
1105 of the Basic Science 
Building, UCSD School of 
Medicine. 

out the ERA's implications College. First time Students On campus housing is in 
for the economy; for em- include 1,675 entering demand this fall , indicating 
ployment ; for marriage, freshmen in the three a reverse in the trend of 
f!1otherhood and family colleges and 780 students past years when students 
life; for women in politics; entering UCSD with ad- preferred to live off-
for educational polle , and vanced standing. campus. More than 2,000 
for c riminal law and pro. In addition to the 1,005 students are expected to 
ceed ings. One class session graduate students enrolled I i v e in un i v e r 5 i t Y 
will include a panel discus- on the general campus, dormitor ies and apart-
sion by wo men who there are 184 at the Scripps ments at Revelle, Muir and 

h Institut ion of Oceano- Third Colleges. oppose t e amendment, as h 
well as women who are for I' r.g~r;ap~y;;;a;n~d;a;n;0;t;h;e;r;2;3;5 ;;a;t;:=;;;;;=;;;;:==~ it . 

Scheduled to meet on 
Tuesday evenings for nine 
weeks, the course opens 
Oct. 2 at 7:30 p.m. at San 
Diego Gas and Electric 
Company, 101 Ash Street. 
Dr. WalshQk will act as co-
ordinator, and at the first 
class meeting will present 
Marge Stanley, past presi-
dent of the local chapter of 
NOW, and Lillian Poltere, 
an economist active in 
NOW, who will give a brief 
history of women 's rights 
and a general introdudion 
to the meaning of the ERA. 

The fee. is $30 with credit, 
$25 without. Scholarships 
are available th rough the 
League. Inquiries about the 
course and registration may 
be directed to the Exten-
sion office, 453-2000, exten-
sion 2061 . To inquire about 
a scholarship, telephone 
the League - 232-8583. 

NOW IN PAPERBACK! 
In "his finest book" (Time) 

aros 
asia 
brings to a triumphant conclusion 

his account of the teachings of Don Juan 

JOURNEY TO 
IXTLAN 

I. 

A TOUCHSTONE BOOK· $2.95 
PUBLISHED BY SIMON AND SCHUSTER 

. 
. 

Pag 3, Triton Times eptember 25, 19~3 



Grizzly Bears" Threatened 

Medical School Has New Dean 

Dr. John Moxley 

Dr. John Howard Moxley 
III was installed last 
summer as the new Dean of 
th School of Medicine and 
Vice Chancellor for Health 
Sciences at UCSD. Dr. 
Moxley fills the post 
vacated by Dr. Clifford 
Grobstein , who recently 
became Vice Chancellor of 
Univer ity Relations. Prior 
to his appointment here 
Dr. Moxley belonged to 
th fa cuity of the Un iversity 
of Maryland School of 
Medicine, where he was 
dean and ; ssociate 
profpsso r of m ·dicine . A 
gra duate of th Un IV rsity 
of olora do Medi ca l 
S hool in 1961, Dr. Moxley 

I~ one of the youngest 
m('dical school c"am in rhp 
country. 

At a news (on ference 
C'arlipr this no th Dr. 
Moxley ~tatpd h s views on 
thf' direction .)f U SO's 
mpdlcal s hool. and o n 
national medic al school 
poli y ,n gen rdl. Obs rv -
ing that th UCSD medical 
s hool is no long r r gard-

d as "em rging", h 
stres d th importance of 
broad ning its reputation 
for excell nce to uniformly 
ov r all asp IS of medi al 

e d ucation . In particular Dr. 

Moxley stressed the need 
for attention to the area of 
cli nical science, both in 
terms of facilities ' and 
faculty appointments. Dur-
ing the UCSD medical 
school's first few yea rs the 
primary e mphasis was on 
the basic science stu dy 
which occupies the first 
two yea rs of a four-year 
medical program. How-
ever, now that the med 
school has graduated its 
first class and has a full 
co mplement of third and 
fourth-year students, it is 
essen tial that the clinical 
sci n e program be 
strengthen d . The original 
plans for the UCSD medical 
school called for th con-
lruClion of a Clinical 

Sc ience lSulldillK, to hE' A 
companion to the xisti ng 
BaSIC Science Building, 
however these plans w re 
sc rapped when the Uni-
versity 's construction funds 
dried up in the late '60's . In 
th abs n e of new bUild-
Ing funds, Dr. Moxley 
str ss d th importanc of 
improving the cli nica l 
s ince fa ci liti at Uni-
ve rsi ty Hospital. University 
Hospital , 10 at d down -
town, was fo rmerl y th an 
Di go County Hospita l; it 

Pag 4, Triton Tim 5 September 25, 1973 
!', I !.. !'Irel llll";' t r 'Oi ll1.c ~~'I 

was taken over by UCSD in 
1966 as the first step in the 
establishment of a medical 
school here. Dr. Moxley 
feels that in the future new 
medical schools will in-
c reasingly make use of 
existing hospitals in their 
communities rather than 
constructing new university 
hospitals. The UCSD medi-
cal school is also fortunate 
to have a close relationship 
with the nearby Veteran's 
Administration Hospital ; 
the medical staff of the VA 
Hospital is selected by the 
School of Medicine and 
hold faculty positions. 

Another important area 
of concern , according to 
Dr. Moxley, is the inter-
action of the medical 
school with the su rround-
ing medical commun ity 
have been less than idea l, 
for instance in the area of 
patient-referral to Un i-
versity Hospital by local 
physician s, but he reports 
that the San Diego County 
Medica l Association is en -
thusiastic about increased 
coo peration . 

Concerning the problem 
that medical schoolsevery-
where are greatly over-
applied and must turn away 
thousands of high ly quali-
fied applicants every year, 
Dr. Moxley said that he 
fee ls the national policy to-
ward medical education 
opportunities is "cooling," 
following a decade which 
saw a 50 pe rcent increase in 
th number of medical 
schools and a doubling of 
the number of medical stu -
dents . Dr . Moxley observed 
there are two basic ways to 
approach the problem of 
determining how many 
medical students should be 
admitted in a given year. 
On way is to determi ne 
how many doctors are reo 
quired, and then, working 
backwa rds, to admit that 
numb r of m dical stu -
dents - this has b en 
la rgely the approach used 
In this count ry up to now. 
Th al t rnative would be to 
admi t e veryon who d -
sired a medical educa tion 
and who poss ssed the 
proper qualifications. Dr. 
Moxl y f els this latter 
approach wo uld be mor 
in acco rd wit h th na tion 's 
d mo rat ic princi pl s. 

A short -sighted National Park Service 
policy may have needlessly destroyed 
over half of the few remaining grizzly 
bears in Yellowstone National Park and is 
also insuring the virtual extermination of 
the rest, according to a renowned U. S. 
ecologist . 

In an interview in the O ctober-
November issue of NATIONAL WILDLIFE 
Magazine, published by the National 
Wildlife Federation, Dr. Frank C. 
Craighead, Ir. discusses the grizzlies and 
th eir future in the Yellowstone ecosystem, 
an area embracing four national forests 
and three Western states , Wyoming, 
Idaho, and Montana . 

Dr. Craighead, who, along with his 
sc ientist brother, Dr. lohn I. Craighead, 
intensivel y researche d the bears' lives and 
habits from 1959 through 1968, believes 
that the c urren t inflexible policy of the 
agency is forcing the bears to make their 
last- stand in the area . Though the 
Craigheads' research findings could 
reportedly reve rse the gro wing pattern o f 
bea r-man confro ntations in the area, the 
Pa rk Service vehe me ntly disagrees. In 
addition, it has effect ively ba rred th e m 
fro m furth er researc h in Yellowstone, 
th ro ugh rest rictions on th eir work and 
publication o f thei r research fi ndings. 

The con trove rsy centers on the ea rth fill 
ga rbage dumps located thro ughout 
Yell owstone. O ver the years, explain s Dr. 
Craighead, the g rizzly po pul at ion 
gradually changed its movement and 
behavior patterns to depend on the 
available food in the dumps. "The dum ps 
became a part of the bears' way of life," 
explains Dr. Craighead. "They are a part 
of the total ecology and the situation 
could not be suddenly altered without 
affecting the behavior, the movements, 
the reproductive success and the 
mortality rate of the girzz ly bear 
population." 

In 1967, the Park Service came out with 
a plan to close down the dumps in order 
to keep the bears away from people. The 
Craigheads agreed with the principle and, 
in a 113-page report, recommended that 
the dumps, a primary source of food for 
the bears, be slowly phased out while 
supplementary rations were provided 
during the period. They argued that this 
slow, scien tific method would keep 
grizzlies away from campgrounds and 
decrease the danger to campers as well as 
the the bears . 

Instead, the Park S rvice shu t the 
dumps down quickly and, true to the 
Craigheads' predictions, the bears moved 
in to the ca mpgrounds, pushing · camper 
inj uries up over 40 percent during the 
1968-1972 period of revi sed management. 

" Along with the program of rapidly 
removing the earth fill dumps, there was a 
policy to trap the bears in the 
ca mpgrounds and transport them some 
distance away," reports Dr. Craighead in 
the NATIONAL WILDLIFE interview. "If 
an individual bear return ed a second 
time, it was often killed." 

During 1968-1970, th average number 
of grizzlies killed was reportedly three 
times the average of the preceding nine 
years. And , although on ly a "mini mum of 
175, a maxi mum of about 250, lived in the 
Y lIowstone ecosystem in 1967," a total of 

118 known grizzly bear death s occurred in 
the area during 1970-72. 

When asked why the Park Se rvice didn 't 
supply supplemental food , Craighead 
answers that the agency assumes , 
" without proof," that there are two 
populations of grizzlies - one that feeds 
at garbage dumps, the other a wild , free-
roaming population . 

" On the contrary," Craighead notes, 
" our information , gathered through 
thousands of observations of both marked 
and unmarked animals and ones fitted 
with radios, indicated that almost all the 
grizzlies in the Yellowstone ecosystem 
sooner or later vsited these dumps . 

"So, if the Yellowstone administration 
continues it s policy of eliminating bears 
that visit the dumps, or that are forced 
into nearby campgrounds," Craighead 
adds, " they will eventually eliminate 
nearly all th e gri zzlies ." 

For the future, Craighead recommends 
that the Park Service put into effect the 
recommendations based on computer 
analysis of the grizzly population 
developed by h is brother. Th e 
recommen dat ion s wer e previously 
rejected by the Inte rior agency. He also 
u rges that suppl e mental natural food be 
pu t out to "attract grizzlies and zone 
t h em from people." 

" Beca use o ur findin gs we re contrary to 
existing po licy," furth e r resea rc h on the 
bears by the Craig heads has been 
essentially barred by the Park Service. 

"To date," said Cra ighead, " I have not 
had an o pportunity to discuss thi s su bject 
or the present grizzly bear si tuat ion with a 
Park Service director or higher officials of 
the Department of the Interior. They have 
formed their attitudes and positions with 
benefit of information from both sides of 
this controve rsy. Both my brother and I 
have been excluded from recent 
meetings on the subject. If we were 
invited to discuss this subject freely and 
objectively with the new Park Service 
director (Ronald Walker), I am confident 
that an understanding and a solution 
could be rea dily reached ." 

During their nine years of study in the 
Yellowstone area , the Craigheads found 
that the population increased by a bout six 
grizzlies per yea r. " In the five years of 
new management policies," reports Dr. 
Frank Craighead, " the conditions 
completely changed and mortaliti shave 
greatly exceeded births. If this policy 
continues, it will el iminate the grizzly in 
this area." 

The grizzly bears ' original te rritory 
extended over much of an almost 
continuous range from the eastern edge 
of the Great Plains westward to the 
Pacific, and from the Arctic coast of 
Alaska in the north to Mexico in the 
south . 

Today, the grizzly has vanished from 
most of its former haunts and o nly 
survives in large wil d rness areas in Alaska 
and Canada as well as in Glacie r and 
Yellowstone National Parks in t he U.S. 

' There are also a han d ful, proba bl y less 
than 10, located in Washington. All of 
these populat io ns are isolated and , with a 
few exceptio ns; a re in dan ge r o f 
extenction. 

Astronomy Course Offered 

Deep Sea 
Drilling 
Project 

This past summer marked 
the fifth anniversary of the 
Deep Sea Drilling Project of 
Sc ripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

This remarkable project 
is already a hallmark in the 
field of oceanography, and 
co ntinues to add to an im-
pressive list of major 
scientific achievements. 

The National Science 
Fo undation (NSF) funds the 
DSDP as part of the Foun -
dation 's Ocean Sediment 
Coring Program. 

CHALLENGER is a scien -
tific tool created especially 
to meet the goals of the 
DSDP. A 4OO-foot vessel, 
she bears a 142-foot-high 
drilling tower slightly aft of 
mid ships. Among the 
special capabilities of the 
ship is dynamic positioning, 
which through a series of 
thrusters linked to on -
board computers, CHAL-
l ENGER can remain 
stationary over one spot in 
the ocean for the extended 
periods of time necessary 
to carry out a drilling 
o peration. The ship has, in 
fact, a remarkable lack of 
motion , even in rough seas. 
She is so laid out that the 
main deck can be awash 
du ring a storm without dis-
ru pting drilling activities in 
the elevated super -
structu res. 

It is the drilling, the 
augering into the hitherto 
untapped depths beneath 
the o cean floor, around 
which so much important 
work in marine geology is 
cente ring today. In a 
man ne r not unlike land-
based oil drilling, a section-
ed d rill string, composed of 
a series of 90-foot -long 
pipes follows a specially de-
signed coring b it to a pre-
selected spot on th e sea 
floor. Under the guidance 
of the chief scientis ts 
aboard, recove ry of the 
core sampl es of the ocean ic 
crust is accomplished in 
this mann er fro m pre-
determined depths. The 
Challenger has extended 
drill lines as long as 22,192 
feet, and has dri ll ed as 
deep as 4,265 feet into the 
ocean bed . 

The Deep Sea Drilling 
Projec t has f igure d 
pro minent ly in the "Geo -
log ical Revolut ion " of the 
past decade. Core sample; 
re cove red by the 
Challenger have, among 
other major achievements, 
confirmed the theories of 
sea-floor spreading and 
continental drift . 

Among the more 
spectac ular achievements 
of the project was the 
SUr prising discovery that 
the Mediterranean Sea ap-
parently dried up between 
six and twelve million years 
ago, which has aroused 
considerable controversy 
concerning the geologic 
history of that area . 

Another milestone was 
achieved last June when 
Pres ident Nixon and 
Secretary Brezhnev agreed 
to a series of accords 
prominent among which 
was one concerning 
co mbined efforts by the 
two nations in the field of 
oceanography. Mentioned 
specifically was the drilling 
program. To that end the 
Russians represent the first 
of several foreign nations 
who, it is hoped, will 
b come full partners in the 
planniing, funding and 
sci ntinc operations. 

~Is Fargo has a checking plan 
especially for students. 

N a price designed 
especially for students. 

Wells Fargo ~ 

For a dollar a month, you can have a student checking 
account at Wells Fargo Bank: There's no minimum balance re-
quired, and you can write as many checks as you want. 

You'll get a statement every month. And if you decide 
not to write checks over the summer, there's no monthly ervice 
charge at all. We'll still keep your account open, even if there's 
no money in it, until you return to school in the Fall. 

We also have a special Master Charge credit plan for stu-
dents. It provides extra money when you need it-and a good way 
to build credit standing. 

To find out more about student banking, come in to the 
La 1011a Office of Wells Fargo Bank at 7602 Girard Avenue 
in La 101la. 

Wells Fargo Balk. 
hA(~8(R F 0 I C 

, ~ . H't l '· "1 I' r,'" ,t t~ .. ~ .. 
Pag 5, Triton Time e ptem ber 25, 1973 



REGISTER TO 
VOTE NOW 

In November, California voters will decide 
whether you students of the University of 
California, wi(1 be given the privilege of paying 
$100 per quarter more for tuition. This would 
bring tuition and fees to $312 per quarter. 

If you believe that most students are bums by 
nature, just looking for a free ride; or if the 
thought that swinging bachelors and parents 
whose children become G.I. loes and Susie 
Homemakers are shelling out hard-earned 
dough just so that someone elses little darling 
can be educated for a lucrative career in medical 
research, drives you to paroxysms 'of righteous 
wrath; then the Triton Times urges you to • 
support this initiative (and to seek a Regent's 
appointment from Reagan). If on the other hand 
you hold the currently fashionable view among 
students that it's hard enough for a student to 
pay for room and board without adding tuition 
to the burden, and that a student really shouldn 't 
be required to work 30 hours a week at a job he 
probably can't get anyway, while taking 20 units 
- then you might as well vote No. 

But not a one of you will be able to exercise 
your sacred Nixon-given right unless YOU ARE 
REGISTERED BY OCTOBER 6. Regist rars will be at 
the Revelle Plaza, the Bookstore and the Triton 
Times Office (1 17 Blake Hall) until this deadline; 
and if you manage to avoid all these 
opportunities6the dorms will be canvassed at the last minute y frantic volunteers. You must 
register if you did not vote in the November 4 
election, or if you have changed address since 
then . 

Once upon a time, in not-too-distant memory, 
there was no official tuition at Uc. Liberals would 
often refer to this as one of California's ~reatest 
prides. But then a $100 per quarter tuition was 
approved by the voters. 

There is nothing to prevent history from 
repeating itself unless students and those who 
have a respect for higher education make 
themselves heard.GET REGISTERED AND VOTE! 

Editorial Policy 
The opinions expressed on these pages are 

those of the authors whose names appear in the 
bylines and do not necessarily reflect the views 
of the Triton Times. Anyone desiri ng to submit 
material to be published on these pages should 
send it to the Editorial Director, Triton Times, 117 
Blake Hall, UCSD . Any and all contri butions will 
be appreciated. All contributions MUST include 
the name and address of the writer, although 
names wi l l be withheld on request. 
Contributio l S should be typed, double-spaced, 
with 60-uni t margins, and must be received no 
later than Tl.esday for publication on Friday. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit 
materials tc comply with libel laws and space 
limitations . J\uthor~ of miltp.rial sent in 
anonymous:y this quarter and not published mdY 
send us treir names and addresses, with a 
summary )f what their letter said for 
identification, to be reconsidered . 

The editorial page is the people's page, and 
will be as in resting or as blah as you are willing 
to make it. 

The TRITON TIMES is oflicially recognized a a student 
newsp~per by the Communiciltlon Board 01 the Unlver-
sily 01 California, San Diego, Building 250, MaHhews 
Campus, lit 'olla, C .. lilorni .. 92037. Publication is twice 
weekly on Tu~days and Fri~ays. Offic~ are located in 
Room 117, Blake Hall, Reyelle Campus. For adwertlslng 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; lor editorial or new 
phone X 1016. 

- ,rage 6, Triton Tjm 
" \ ~ " r j I 

A Satirical Fantasy 

News I n Brief 
Meine Yiddischemama, Rutter 's News Service 

Allende Confession 
The ruling Chilean junta released what it said was the 

last official communication of the late president 
Salvador Allende. An English translation reads as 
follows : "Countrymen, against my best intensions I 
have proved a traitor to my country's liberty. 
Bewitched by simplistic slogans that promised a land of 
milk and honey, of equality and liberty and 
opportunity for all, I blindly led our sacred fatherland 
down the drutal bloody path of Marxism. Only now do 
I realize how incompatible witli all liberty and 
happiness is this deadly doctrine, which tramples on 
freedom, destroys all individual initiative and 
undermines the general welfare. For it teaches us to 
despise what must truly be our salvation on this earth, 
American capital, just as it scoffs at our salvation in 
heaven . My ' only defense is that I acted out of 
ignorance rather than greed, hope rather than malice. 
But my pride will not allow me to prolong my life in 
disgrace. I commend the military for doing its patriotic 
duty and restoring the republic. God bless you aiL" 

In a related development, an autopsy showed that 
Allende had committed suicide-with ten bullets in the 
legs and chest. 

Haldeman in Poetry Reading 
judge john Sirica revealed today that during the 

April 17th meeting between President Nixon, john 
Dean, and H.R. Haldeman, Haldeman gave a poetry 
recitation. About five minutes into the meeting, 
Haldeman suddenly interjected, "And now I' m going 
to read you some of your favorite poetry, Mr. 
President," and proceeded to read Holmes' "Old 
Ironside", Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade", 
and Henley's "Invictus" without pause or interruption. 
Haldeman then repeated "Invictus" several times, then 
broke off abruptly in mid-poem and told the president, 
" I hope you enjoyed the poetry, sir." There was a 
pause and Nixon responded, "You've done a great job, 
Bob", and the meeting proceeded more normally from 
there on . 

Sirica said that he found no basis for charges of 
criminal misconduct in the tape. 

Uberationists Meet 
Hundley Metcalf, noted advocate of sexual 

revolution, opened a unique Hollywood banquet with 
some unusual remarks yesterday. "The history of sex 
relationships is one of constant and ruthless 
oppression, whether between man and woman, man 
and man, woman and woman, man and cow, and so 
forth . Sexual dependence is the most potent weapon 
that has ever been devised for destroying potential and 
su ppressing creative individuality. We believe that 
masturbation is the one true path to independence, 
the only sure means to self-fulfillment." 

Metcalf also used another line of argument. "No one 
can know your own body better than yourself; 
therefore you are your own best sexual parmer." His 
remarks were made at the first annual "beat Beat-off", 
held at the Hollywood Palladium to the sprightly tunes 
of Lawrence Welk and his orchestra. 

Fop at the Top 
Lu Ann Fop, 17 (45-23-37), of Gerbil, Georgia, was 

crowned Miss Teenage Am rica last Saturday. The 
blond beauty said that she felt that her victory was a 
result of her performance in the talent trial, in which 
she twirled a baton and sang Kate Smith favorites . 

Miss Fop seems to be the typical unspoiled child of 
small-town America. She enjoys roller skating, playing 
jacks, sewing, and watching cockfights. She also 
admitted that sh enjoys kissing handsom young men. 

She is interested in politics and rec ived $1 .65 an 
hour canvassing in th last national election. As a 
career goal, she wants to marry a do tor and raise a 
larg family . "I would do anything to make him happy 
that was within th bounds of Christian d n y." She 
want twelve chi ldre n an d will make all the doth s for 
ev ry on of th m. " And I'd pay my olored maids as 
good a wage as if th y w re white folks." 

Audioanimatronic Nixon 
An audioanimatronic model of President Nixon is 

being prepared at Walt Disney Labs in Anaheim, Ca . 
The project, costing over twelve million dollars, is 
being funded as a security measure. 

The presidential dummy will substitute for Mr. Nixon 
in all public appearances, thus eliminating the threat of 
assasination . The dummy can be programmed to 
deliver pre-taped speeches, and to answer pre-
selected questions from newsmen. Unauthorized 
questions will be handled with "no comment", "we 
must turn away from a sordid partisan obsession with 
petty political pranks and deal with the problems that I 
was given a mandate to solve," and "God bless you ' 
everyone." 

The dummy will also be able to blink, raise and wave 
his arms, grin, shift his eyes, scowl menacingly, and cry. 

Rikstag Raided 
European press sources reported that American 

bombers bombed and strafed the Swedish Rikstag, 
with casualties running into the hundreds, after it was 
learned that President Nixon had failed to win the 
Nobel Peace Prize for the third consecutive year. 

Ron Ziegler, in a hurriedly called press conference, 
denounced the charges as " false, scurrilous bald-faced 
lies by Swedish communist pimps," and described 
purported photographs of the decimated parliament 
building as " probably doctored versions of old World 
War II photographs." 

Ziegler then criticized the Nobel prize committee. 
"President Nixon's Generation of Peace is the most 
significant political achievement of the century, and in 
failing to recognize it properly the Nobel prize 
committee has shown that it cares much less for peace 
than for socialist propaganda. We call on all patriotic 
Americans, no matter what their field of endeavor, to 
refuse any Nobel prizes that may be awarded them in 
the future." 

Reliable sources also reported that water and electric 
power for the Swedish embassy in Washington had 
been cut off, and that Swedish meat balls had been 
deleted from the official White House menu . 

Nimblefingers Named 
Mrs. Donald Moffit of Poway was awarded the Nettie 

Nimblefingers Award for Creative Anal Compulsion at 
a recent meeting of Fascinating Womanhood. Special 
guest judy Agnew presented tke award. "She never 
fails to prepare a ten -course meal for her family of 
thirteen . She mops and vacuums her entire twelve 
room house at least three times a day. An unusual facet 
of Mrs. Moffit's achievement is that whenever she 
mops, she moves the stove and refrigerator so that she 
can mop under them. She is a shining example of how 
a woman can courageously and creatively meet the 
challenge of achieving excellence in her natural 
calling." 

continued on page 9) 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief . .. .. . .. .. . David l. Buchbinder 
City Editor .. .. . .. .... .. ........ .. .. Greg Hicks 
Manasins Editor .. .. ... . . .... . . Michael Sesma 
Copy Editor . ... . ... . ............ james G. Soto 
Business Manaser ........... . . Nancy Mancino 
Editorial Director ......... . . . ... Mark McCarty 
Arts Editor ... ' ..... . ........ .. .... Larry Deckel 
Sports Editor ............. . ... . ... . . Mark Liska 
Photosraphy Editor ............ Malcolm Smith 
Secretary ................ . ..... Corinne Cacas 
A5!KKiate City Edlton ... . .... .. .. . .. Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 
TimO'N il 

As t. Business Manas r . · . . .... , . . Ramon Ruiz 

Letters To The Editor 
To the Editor, Triton' Times: 

Two years ago at., Christmas man y decorations 
donated for a childrens' party we re stolen from the 
Music Building in Matthews Campus, including some 
antique paper garlands loaned by Professor Christmas. 
Recently a clock worth $15.00 was stolen from the 
Literature Common Room in Muir College. At the end 
of last spring quarter, the 80 papers from Professors 
jameson's course were stolen from the Muir College 
literature Mail Room, and so were the 140 papers from 
Professor Widmer's literature Ie. Unquestionably 
students engaged in tht:se incidents of robbery: in all 
cases listed, robbing from other persons in our 
community. I condemn the twerps who do this s rt of 
thing to the rest of us. The worst of these thefts is the 
theft of intellectual work: the stolen papers will be 
back, I suspect, for sale to students here and elsewhere. 
During the past year, I received a paper which was 
purchased somewhere, and I now regret that I did not 
take the case as far as I could and have the student 
expelled. Students should be warned that to buy or sell 
work which is not their own is the worst possible 
violation of our academic community, and it is 
probably the one piece of deception the rest of us, 
students and teachers alike, will no longer tolerate. If 
you are having trouble writing a paper or doing an 
academic task, do not buy the work of someone else: 
as soon as you can, see your professor and explain, and 
he or she will understand. 
Sincerely, 
Donald Wesling 
Department of Literature 

Dear Ms.lMr. Editor: 
The United Farm Workers are engaged in a critical 

struggle on the West Coast. The Teamsters are 
attempting by a variety of devices to muscle Cesar 

POET'S CORNER 
. DEDICA TED TO 
BILLIE JEAN KING 

The following is an English translation (by Leslie 
Kagan) of two poems by the 19th century German poet 
Adalbert von Chamisso, and set to music by Robert 
Schumann as part of his famous song cycle, 
"Frauenliebe und Leben (A Woman's life and Love) : 
He - the most glorious of all ! 
How kind! How good! 
Gentle lips, clear eyes, 
Clear mind, firm cou rage: 
As there in the blue depth 
That bright and gloriOUS star, 
So is he in my heaven -
Bright and glorious, 
Sublime and distant, 
Wander, wander along your way. 
Only to behold your brightness -
Only to behold him humbly, 
Blissful and melancholic. 
Do not listen to my silent prayer for your happiness. 
You must not know me, 
Me, a humble maiden, 
o majestic star of glory! 
Only the most worthy of all 
May you choose to make happy: 
And I will bless the noble one 
Many thousand times. 
I will be happy then and weep. 
Blissful, blissful I am then 
Even if my heart should break -
Break my hean : what does it matter. 
You ring on my finger, 
My little ring of gold, 
Reverently I put you to my lips: 
Devoutly to my heart. 
My dream has come to an end-
The lovely innocent dream of childhood. 
I found myself lost and empty 
In vacant, infinite space. 
You, ring on my finger 
Taught me then . 
You opened my eyes 
To the deeper meaning of life -
To serve him, to live for him; 
To wholly belong to him -
To lose myself 
And find myself 
In the absolute glory of him. 

TYPING ERRORS 

ERRORITET• AT YOUR CAMPUS STORE 

- OUT OF SIGHT! 

Chavez out of th e migrant lab~"'r picture. Responsible 
union leade rs across the country t,:"e been appalled at 
the way in which th e growers and the'" eamsters h::ve 
worked in co ll usion against the field laborers' bes 
interests. 

It would help the United Far m Workers cause if 
pressure co uld be applied to Gallo Wine products.This 
corporatio n has repeatedly rejected the idea of free 
union elections. It is siding with the Tea msters against 
the workers Chavez represents. 

I appea l to you and your read e rs to boycott Gallo 
Wines as well as non -union lettuce an d grapes,We 
must make the Gallo Corporation aware of consumer 
resistance to their labor policies. 

More information is available on requ est. Thank you 
for giving this matter your support. 
Ernest T. C .. mpbell, Chairman 
New York Interf .. ilh Committee 
To Aid Migrant Farmworkers 

Dear Editor: 
I am a black freshman student and have recently 

learned about the problem of Third College. I th in k 
that a college devoted primarily to certain racial and 
cultural groups is a racist concept and should be 
discontinued. An arrangement like Th ird College only 
accentuates minority paranoia, emphasizes racial 
divisions and leads to the son of racist interna l warfare 
that paralyzed Third College last year. 

The courses that are most relevant to minority needs 
are those that lead to responsible jobs - Medicine, 
Engineering, Chemistry - and these courses are the 
same no matter what your racial origin . Also, junior 
colleges offer a number of other excellent vocation -
oriented courses as well as remedial programs to make 
up for inferior early schooling, at a very reasonable 
charge. It should be possible to take courses in the 
history and achievements of blacks and chicanos and 
other minorities at any university, and in many cases it 
is ., I am also in favor of recruiting programs that give 

minority students preference, since it is eSSE'ntial to 
raCial equality that there be more minorit\ 
professionals. But we need integration, not further 
segregation. 

Third College was an unsound concept that was 
foisted on this university by extremist pressure. I was 
an inevitable failure, and should be abolished . 
Arthur He mphill 
Revelle 

De .. r Editor: 
I have been reading the Triton Times for many years 

and I must say that I was shocked by the decline in taste 
that your newspaper showed last year. Fair criticism is 
one thing, and is necessary in a free society . But it's 
time to d raw the line when a paper stoops to printing 
outright lies about our President and showing vulgar 
disrespect for our traditions and religions. I only hope 
that under new leadership your paper will return to its 
previous h igh standards. 
Anna LeM .. y 
La Jolla 

Dear Editor, 
I am wri ting th is letter not as a comment on the 

polit ical, evolut ionary, creationist, prO-Arab, anti-
Tri ton -Times-advert isi ng-policy, pro-UFWU, or any 
other political face t of life at UCSD but merely as a 
reflection on on e o f the lessons I learned in my last 
year at UCSD. 

At the beginn ing of last yea r, Kim Bigley told me that 
he had bought a new Datsun and had managed to cut 
$150 off the price of the car by shopping a roun d. 
Taking this lesson to hea rt I aided some fri ends of mine 
in purchasing a car through the remainde r of the year. 
At the end of the year, and after sav ing th ree of my 
friends several hundred dollars on the purchase of new 
cars, I decided to purchase a new automobile fo r 
myself. 

(continued on page 9) 

Beat the numbers ... 
The world's first calculators that challenge 
computers and f it into your pocket. 
Are you spending too much time solving prob-
lems the old-, .. hloned way-with slide rule, 
ordinary calculator or paper and pencil? 

forms register and vector arithmetiC. And the 
HP-80 Is pre-programmed with 3 dozen fi nancial 
functions. 

Solve problems In se'conds, with one of the Right now, an HP calculator can help you get 
same calculators used by professionals in your better grades. because it . .. 
field-the HP-35 Scientific Pocket Calculator. • SAVES TIME in solving problemS - Just press 
the HP-45 Advanced Scientific Pocket Calcu- the keys! 
lator, or the HP-80 Business Pocket Calculator. • GUARANTEES ACCURACY for fewer mistakes 
Hewlett-Packard calculators give you more pow- • OFFERS COMPUTER- LIKE POWER (no wa it-
er. more accuracy, more storage registers and ing for school machine ) 
more features than ordinary calculators. For • REPLACES TABLES AND PAPER-AND-PEN-
example. the HP-35 gives you up to 10 digit Cil CALCULATIONS 
accuracy, a floating decimal point . and a range • OPERATES SilENTLY for use In classroom. 
of 200 decades (10- 99 to 1()99). The HP-45 a/so library or dorm 
gives you automatic conversions. offers you a • GOES ANYWHERE (fits in pocket or purse. 
choice of fixed or scientifi C notation. and per- weighs but 9 ounces) 

COME IN TODAY FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION of the complete line of 
Hewlett-Packard pocket calculators 

University Bookstore 
Unlv. of Callf.-San Diego 

La Jolla , CA 92037 

HEWLETT ~ PACKARD 

Page 7, rltbh Time I pt mb r 25, 1973 



UNiCeF 
Appeal 

Do you know t at more 
good is accomplished in 
our country by youth, than 
they ever rece've credit 
for? In America concerned 
you th are planning and 
working to improve the 
quality of the lives of child-
ren through UNICEF. 

Over 3.6 million young 
people from kindergarten 
through college participate 
once a year in a program of 
health and hope - a 
UNICEF Halloween. They 
never make the headlines, 
but their efforts will save 
the eyes of tracoma victims 
in India. You'll probably 
never hear about the child-
ren saved from malnutri-
tion on your TV or read in 
your newspaper about the 
mothers who received pre-
natal care from UNICEF in 
Kenya, but thanks to our 
youth 's concern for others, 
aid will be received. 

UNICEF, the United 
Nations Children's Fund, 
exists because of nearly 
one billion children who 
live in the world's devel-
oping countries: The pro-
blems of poverty affect 
these children greatly -
they must be protected 
against hunger, disease and 
want, which they cannot 
control. These youthful 
victims of disease, des-
perately need our assis-
tance. Through UNICEF, 
we are helping them. 

We must remember that 
the children in other 
countries have the same 
basic needs that our own 
children have. They must 
have food, health care, ed-
ucation and love. If we help 
them achieve a better life, 
we shall help to build a 
more hopeful world . 

Your sponsorship of a 
UN ICEF Halloween Pro-
gram will involve your 
youth in a program of 
awareness, understanding 
and concern . 

An Open 
Letter To 

Vice-President 
Conally 

We want you to know 
that we are behind you 
100%, and that we want 
you to continue the tasks 
that your unfortunate pre-
decessor supported so elo-
quently. Build a generation 
of peace, lasting peace, in 
Viet Nam, Cambodia, and 
the rest of the world, with-
out giving in to the peace-
at-any-price aopeasers. 
Return to the sates and 
local commun ltl ~S the 
rights and dutie , that an 
overgrown federal burea-
cracy has unfairll wrested 
from them. In ·,u re that 
newscasts are im~ artial and 
show both sides of every 
problem, and tha fUms and 
printed material md other 
entertain ments rr eets stan-
dards of common good 
taste . Build a free and 
healthy economy and fight 
inflation with a comestic 
policy which realizes that 
you can't solve problems 
by th rowing dolla rs at 
them, that you can't 
enforce human decency 
with billion dollar socialist 
boondoggles. Finally to 
build a nation wher Amer-

ACROSS 
1 lower back 

11 Hfghest pof nt 
15 Flar of Hefghts 
16 OfscOlllf'ql't 
17 Circus parto"",r 

(p1. J 
18 HISS. - of Tech . 
19 Part of weddfng 

ceremony (pI. J 
20 German city 
22 - Scully 
23 Never : Ger. 
24 Type of soup 
26 Sweetsop 
28 H. n 's name 
30 John 01' Jane 
31 M.dlclna1 

substinces 
33 One nlmed after 

another 
35 Rests 
37 Italfan cofn 
38 Hugh Hefner bunny 
42 Hard worker 
'6 Poetic teMlt 
47 Advertisements 

(slang) 
49 Alaskan city 

50 Florfdl resort 
city 

52 P1Iy Oft words 
53 FUll 
54 1965 baseball MYP 
S7 F.ous shfp 
58 -..JlpaneSl liar 
S9 Fiendish 
61 Okl hOMan cfty 
62 Expect 
63 Hoslem potentates 
64 Abshlner 

DOWN 
1 Aids to dfgestfon 
2 Sourness 
3 Crosby. e.g. 
4 Swoboda Ind Hunt 
5 Hike I chOice 
6 If - I "'-I' 
7 Arthur Hiller 

flmfly 
8 Spanish 01' 

Portuguese 
9 U. S. Military 

decoration 
10 Peggy-
11 Relating to bees 
12 G. 8. Shaw play 

13 lIKognfzld 
1 ncorrect ly 

14 eo.on .uffflt 
21 11111'1 ghtar 
25 80m 
27 Elstern group of 

coli •• (Ibbr.) 
28 ·SUeh - for the 

COIIl'le· 
29 llive. out 
32 Argent1ne pll1n. 
34 Spehn'. t_te 
36 PIl't of In 

intersection 
38Goto-
39 Going I.IY 
40 Ile9fon of Asil 

Mfnor 
41 TI'Y to equll 01' 

surpass 
43 Sound 
44 COllI forth 
4S Secondhlnd d .. 1er 
48 121t cents 
51 Urges 
55 Malay law 
56 81'Izf11an heron 
57 Pal .. drf nk 
58 Body of water 
60 Ign1ted 

icans and Japs and Spics their race, color or creed, 
and Dagos and other color- can all join hands together 
ful groups, no matter what and get rich . 

We wish you the best of 
luck in the coming years, 
and hope and pray that , 

through your efforts, they 
will bring a true victory of 
the human spirit. 

All our love, 
Young Republkans Against 
Sell 

e DegePJall. 
More than just a cheap checking account. 

College Plan is a whole new idea for 
college students from Bank of America. 

First off, you'll get the COLLEGE 
PLAN CHECKING ACCOUNT with 
unlimited checkwriting privileges, and no 
minimum balance requirements. All for 
only S 1 a month, and the summer is free. 
That's cheap. 

But what else? 
BANKAMERICARD. the 

universally accepted credit card whose 
identification feature can help you cash 
checks even where you're not known. 
You can even use it to charge your tuition 

at state universities. Ask for our Student 
. Application. 

I NSf ANT CASH can protect you 
against bounced checks. 

When your application has been 
approved, Instant Cash automatically 
deposits the necessary funds - up to a pre-
arranged limit - into your checking 
account to cover your check. 

EDUCATIONAL LOANS. available 
to qualified students. Further information 
and student loan applications are available 
at your College Financial Aid Office. 

SAVINGS ACCOUNTS for almost 
any need. There's no safer place for .your 
savings than Bank of America. 

SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS. 
Over thirty of our college banking offices 
are now employing students as Repre-
sentatives. They have been especially 
trained to counsel students on money 
matters. Your Student Representative 
understands student problems and can 
save you time when it comes to solving 
them. In other offices a B a nk officer 
will be happy to help. 

Come in and find out about this 
unique College Plan Program. It's a lot 
more than just a cheap checking account. 
And no other bank has it. 

CoUege Plan available only at: 

North La Jolla Office 
3255 La Jolla Village Dr. 

BANKOl 
OFAMERICA 

Pag 8, Triton im~s Septe£11per 25, 1974 'I 
, I ' 11 ''1 If I 

News In Brief 
Tortured for Christ 

Richard Wurmgrind, former pastor of the Minneola 
Bapti~t Church and now serving a five year prison 
sentence in the U.S.S.R. for defacing posters of Marx 
and Lenin, has secretly smuggled a letter past the Iron 
Cu rtain . :" it, he accuses his captors of torturing him 
with the products of American industry. "I was stripped 
naked and spread-eagled on the ground, and my body 
was covered with Band-aid Plastic Shear Strips, which 
were then ripped off one by one. For hours at a time 
my back and buttocks were beaten with unbreakable 
plastic bottles of Prell. I was forced to swallow and 
vomit up six gallons of Gatorade in fifteen minutes. For 
two months, my only source of nourishment was can s 
of Metrecal. Most hideous of all, I was placed in a 
solitary cell, my hands handcuffed to the wall , and in 
the cell with me was placed an RCA television, which 
for three solid weeks, twenty-four hours a day, showed 
continous re-runs of "Family Affair!" 

Wurmgrind further commented, "Our nation has 
reached a new low when American trade assi sts the 
communists in their systematic and brutal program of ~ 
atheistic debauchery and crime. But no amount of l 
criminal persecution will ever deter me from 
professing and acting on my belief in the divine 
mission of Jesus Christ and Billy Graham." 

Over 200 Grinn ingbird fl i every day connecting North-
ern and Southern Cal iforn ia. Give Y0!-Lr..campus rep or 
PSA a bird whistle. PSAatvesyauallfL 

leUer. to the Editor 
I began by deciding how much I could reasonably 

expect to spend and subtracted $50 from that amount. 
From there I phoned the various dealers I knew we re 
selling cars within the amount I could afford . I 
contacted Westcott Mazda in Mission Valley to 
double-check my estimate of their sticker price, and 
was told that the price on an RX-3 had jumped about 
two hundred dollars because of the two devaluat ions 
(you can thank the burglar on 1600 Pensylvania for that 
increase). I was also informed, however, that the price 
was negotiable, and so I decided to see what price we 
could agree on. They were asking $3460 for a Mazda, I 
offered $3300. The salesmen went into the manager's 
office and returned saying no, $3460. At that time I 
asked how much they could allow me on my BMW 
knowing that if they couldn't come down on the 
sticker, they might offer me more on the trade. 

They couldn 't come up to what I knew I could get for 

Creative Non-Violence 
Cesar Chavez 

Many people feel that an organization that uses non-
violent methods to reach its objectives must continue 
winning victories one after another in order to remain 
non -violent. If that be the case, then a lot of efforts 
have been miserable failures. There is a great deal 
more involved that victories . My experience has been 
that the poor know violence more intimately than most 
people because it has been a part of their lives, 
whether the violence of the gun or the violence of 
want and need . 

I don't subscribe to the belief that non-violence is 
cowardice, as some militant groups are saying. In some 
instances non-violence requires more militancy than 
viole'hce. Non-violence forces you to abandon the 
short -cut in trying to make a change in the social order. 
Violence, the short-cut, is the trap people fall into 
when they begin to feel that it is the only way to attain 
their goal. When these people turn to violence, it is a 
very savage kind. 

When people are involed in something constructive, 
trying to bring about change, they tend to be less 
violent than those who are not engaged in rebuilding 
or in anything creative. Non -violence forces one to be 
creative; it forces any leader to go to the people and 
get them involved so that they can come forth with 
new ideas. I think that arice people understand the 
strength of non-violence, the force it generates, the 
love it creates, the response that it brings from the total 
community - they will not be willing to abandon it 
easily. 

(Originally published by the United Farmworkers 
Organizing Committee, and taken from the book 
"Peace and NonViolence", edited by Edward Guinan, 
C.S.P. published by the Paulist Press - copyright 1973.) 

134 Fashion Valley Wesl 
(nexllo Farrell'sl 
299·3630 

COLLEGE AREA 
WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

10 10 6 Salurday 

INSTANT CREDIT 
up 10 36 monlhs 
BankAmerlcard 
MaslerCharge 
Wright's 

Of SOUnD 

01 SIIE lOW 
A COMPLETE "K E N we e C STEREO SOUND SYSTEM 

MODEL 2300 KENWOOD RECEIVER" ., $19995 
GARRARD 42M CHANGER .. .................. 4995 
SHURE M75E CARTRIDGE .................... 3495 
GARRARD B1 BASE ............................... 595 
2 INTERAUDIO 2000 SPEAKERS ........... 15722 

it selling it, as it stood, on the market. Nonetheless, I 
phoned my parents in Reno and asked them if they 
cou1d come up on the amount I would h.ave to borrow 
from them. 

When they learned of the price increase, they 
suggested that I buy their car and ther would buy a 
new ca r instead. In short, they said no. 

I explained this to the salesman, whereupon he 
beckoned me into his cubicle once again. At this point 
he asked me if he came down, would I buy? I told him 
that I probably would, but the final answer would be 
contingent on the price and my being able to procure 
the financing from my father . 

The salesman came down to $3350, without the 
radio, if I bought the car that evening. I said fine and 
sta rted to re-contact my father, thinking that if they 
came down and I held out for a higher~prj~eby selling it 
myself on the open market, I could shave' $350 off of 
what I would need to make the purchase. This final 
figure then was about $100 under what I had in tended 
on putting out for the car. 

To reiterate, I started to phone my father back, but 
then realizing that this was not a confirmed price, 
asked the salesman to firm it up by consulting with the 
manager. The manager, whom the salesman said he 
had to call at home, said $3385. I explained to the 
salesman that was $35 over what I was willing to pay 
and $85 over what I had originally offered. 

By this time, he was beginning to get tired, but 
nonetheless, made another journey to the manager's 
office. This time the manager said yes, $3350. Fine. I re-
phoned my father and told him that the amount that I 
needed to borrow was less than that which we had 
initially discussed, but by this time he had already 
decided what he wanted to buy with the money I was 
going to pay him for his used car. So the final word was 
no. 

When I explained to the salesman that I couldn't 
raise the money, he got quite irate, told me to get out 
and never co me back. He mentioned not liking having 

Conli~ued on pg. 17 LlBOFn. 
FBI WE lIE 1IDr. 

Remember the Ii lie'! of the bible? 
They toiled nOt. eit her did they 
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the 
Sicle Poor we toil for tbe young 
as well as tbe old. for the acute 
as well as tbe chronically ill and 
we Cite Dot for their race or reo 
ligion (or all are of the kinidom 
of God. Our feet carry us along 
busy streets, up and dowo tene-
ment stairs. in and out of bomes 
where illness. ignorance, discour-
agement and despair are some-
times permanent guesu. Nursing, 
counseling, helping to keep fam-
ilies together in their homes as 
one loving unit. The Dominican 
Sisters of the ick Poor achiev-
ing Ibe impossible every day of 
the year. 

To Ieara how),oo (U ""'~ •• 
DomlDlcaa SIster of the SkI! P __ 
write to: 
SIster MarptrlCt MHclJeD, 
Vontioa Dlm:tor 
R_ll3 
Martaadale, 0tsiahI«, 
NewYOfk 10561 

LIST PRICE $44802 e3~ann WRIGHT'S SPECIAL SALE PRICE iIir" 
Complete system includes FREE 5-year protection plan, connecting cables & wires. DCJJr.-ICJII_1IIS .. 

TIll ...... 
BRING THIS AD AND SAVE $1000 MORE 

Pag 9, Ttito'n Tlme September 2S, 1973 



1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

A 

i 

B c 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN OIEGO 
POST OFFICE BOX 109 

LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 
(714) 453-2000 

o 

• Muir College 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography 

Page 10, Triton Times September 25, 1973 

E F G I J K L 

Third College Site 

I' . 
'" « 

I, I r I I' I , I 'I I 

Appl ied Physics & Mathematics 
Bldg. 4E 

2 Argo Hall 9F 
3 Atlantis Hall 10F 
4 Basic Science Bldg. (School of 

Medicine) 8K 
5 Bea91e Hall 1 OE 
6 Biology Bldg. SF 
7 Blake Hal~ 8F 
8 Bonner Hall 7G 
9 Central University library 2-1 

10 Central Utilities 9-1 
11 Challenger Hall 10F 
12 Coffee Hut IOJ 
13 Oiscovery Hall lOG 
14 Galathea Hall lOG 
15 GymnasIum 6E 
16 Humanities-library Bldg. 9H 
17 Humanities & SOCial Science Bldg. 

(Muir Provost Office) 5E 
18 International Center 6-1 
19 MC 101-103, 103A (Public Affa irs, 

Registrar, Admissions, & Universi. 
ty ExtenSion) 4K 

20 MC 104 -110 (Chancellor 's 
Complex) 5J 

40 M C 4 0 9 ( T h i r d C a II e g e 
cafetena) 4M 

41 MC 41Q, 41 1 (Urban & Rural 
Studies & Communications) 4L 

42 MC 412 (Third College Provost 
Office) 5L 

43 MC 50 t (Personnel & Campus 
Police) 4K 

44 MC 502-508 (Classrooms) 4L 
45 M C 509 ( R e c e i v i n 9 

Storehouse) 3M 
46 MC 51 0 (Graphic 1\ Reproduction 

Services) 3N 
47 MC 701 (Central Facilities) 6N 
48 MC 703 (Serra Hall) 5-0 
49 MC 704 (Poltola Hall) 5-0 
50 MC 705 (Ogden Hall) 5-0 
51 MC 706 (Drake Hall) 5-0 
52 MC 707 (De Anza Hall) 4-0 
53 MC 708 (Dana Hall) 4N 
54 MC 709 (Cabnllo Hall) 4N 

N o 

21 MC i 11 -112 (Conference Room A 
& Planning Office) 5J 

22 MC 201(Bookstore) 6K 
23 MC 202 (Arch i tects & 

Engineers) 6K 
24 MC 203 (UCSD Theater) 6K 
25 MC 204·206 (BUSiness Office, 

Health 1\ Safety, Housing 1\ Food 
Admin.) 6J 

26 MC 2tO (Student Employment) 6J 
27 MC 211 ( Reg istr atI on & 

Scheduling) 6J 
28 M C 2 1 2 ( A I u m n i 1\ 

Development) 5J 
29 MC 213 (Financial Aids) 5J 
30 MC 2t4 (Student Affa irs) 5J 
31 MC 215 (Educational Opportunity 

Program Office) 5J 
32 MC 250 (Student Activities) 7L 
33 MC 30t (Accounting) 6L 
34 MC 302 (Student HeaKh) 6L 
35 MC 401 (Mailroom & cashier) 5L 
36 MC 402 (Visual Arts) 5L 
37 MC 403-405 (Restrooms) 5M 
38 MC 407 (Music) 5M 
39 MC 408 (Music Gallery) 5M 

55 MC 7tO (Behring Hall) 4N 
56 Mayer Hall 8H 
57 MeteorHall lOG 
58 Muir Apartments 5C 
59 Muir Commons (Cafetena) 5C 
60 Nata torium 7£ 
61 PhYSical Plant Department 5N 
62 Psychology & LInguist ics 

Bldg. 4C 
63 Ouonset Huts 304·324 6M 
64 Revelle Commons (Caf e. 

terla) 9E 
65 Revelle Provost Office 10-1 
66 Student CraN Center 7G 
67 Tenaya Hall 3C 
68 Third College Laboratory 6L 
69 Tioga Hall 4B 
70 Undergraduale SCiences Rldg 9H 
71 Urey Hall SF 
72 Veterans Admlnlstralion Hospital 

7-0 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography 

73 Deep Sea Drltllng 9B 
74 DIVing Locker 9A 
75 Experimental Aquarium lOB 
76 Hydraulic Laboratory 8A 
77 Inst. of GeophYSICS & Planetary 

PhYSICS 8A 
78 Library t 08 
79 Manne Biology (Complehon Fall 

1975) 9A 
80 Marine SCiences Development & 

Outfltling Shop lOB 

Parking 

8t PhYSiological Research Lab 9B 
82 Public At1alrs Office lOB 
83 Rlller Hall lOB 
84 Scnpps Bldg 1\ Director 's Office 

lOB 
85 Shore Processes Labolatory 9A 
86 Southwesl Fisheries Center 8A 
B7 Snack Bar lOB I 
B8 Sumner AuditOrium 10C I 
89 Sverdrup Hall 9B 
90 Vaughan Aquarium-Museum 9B 

:l ~----------~~---------
LA JOLLA .'LLOGE OAlvE :::==:::::::::. ~ - I 1)5 

TOINrEASTAT£5 -7 -............ -............J I 

Pag 11, Triton Time pt mb r 25, 1973 



, 

ENJOY LIFE Introducing the INAUGURAL 
SUBSCRIPTION SEASON 

SAVE UP TO $12.00 
on a pair of subscriptions 
(off regular ticket prices) 

A LOT MORE 
olb globe theatre 

Ind 

carter centre stage 
in balbol perk 

A SMASHING 40% DISCOUNT - ORDER :r.omrr' NOW! 

otb globe t!xatre 
1 JABBERWOCK 

by Jerome Lawrence & Robert E. Lee 

SEE up to 2 PLAYS FREE (off regular ticket prices) 

carter centre stage 
1 AND MISS REARDON DRINKS A LITTlE 

By Paul Zindel 
a new comedy success . .. teenage James Thurber and his 
appealing non ·conformist family life ... lst San Diego Production 
October 9 thru November 11 

strong and honest portraya l ... two spinster sister school teachers 
.. . struggli ng against private torments ... 1st San Diego Production 
September 25 thru October 28 

2 SUMMER AND SMOKE 
by Tennessee Williams 

2 CEREMONIES IN DARK OLD MEN 
by Lonne Elder III 

a drama of rare beauty . . . powerful emotional conflict of passion 
and frustration . .. November 20 thru December 23 

pOised between comedy and tragedy .. . new drama filled with 
honesty, vitality and power .. . 1st San Diego Production 
November 6 thru December 9 3 NIGHT WATCH 

by Lucille Fletcher 
intriguing suspense in this unpredictable new thriller ... mounting 
tensions lead to shocking disclosures .. . January 1 thru February 3 

3 TARTUFFE 
by Moliere 
zesty and zany comedy classic . . . conniving scoundrel inVOlved 

4 THREE PENNY OPERA 
by Bertolt Brecht; music by Kurt Weill 
robust and rowdy ... haunting melodies. sardonic humor ... 
a love story of knaves and th ieves ... February 12 thru March 17 

5 HADRIAN VII 
by Peter Luke 

in romantic intrigue and deception ... January 15 thru February 17 
4 NO EXIT 

by Jean Paul Sartre 
constantly absorbing . . . modern classic of dramatic literature 
forerunner of all contemporary avant garde theatre ... 
February 26 thru March 31 

fantasy and reality co·mingle . .. extraordinary and celebrated drama 
... a man who wanted to become the Pope. lst San Diego 
Production March 26 thru April 28 

5 THE PRICE 
by Arthur Miller 
compassionate drama ... searing human relationships revealed 
. .. two brothers meet after a long estrangement . 

otb globe ttxatre 
S.rl .. 

° 1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 MAT 
7 EVE 
8 
9 

10 
I I 
12 
13 EVE 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 MAT 
20 EVE 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 EVE 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 EVE 

' Sold Out 

D'r 
Tue 
Wed 
Thur 
Fr j 
Sat 
Sun 
Sun 
Tue 
Wed 
Thur 
Fri 
Sat 
Sun 
Tue 
Wed 
Thur 
Fri 
Sat 
Sun 
Sun 
Tue 
Wed 
Thur 
Fro 
Sat 
Sun 
Tue 
Wed 
Thur 
Fri 
Sat 
Sun 

PI'r 1 
Oct 9 
Oct 10 
Oct 11 
Oct 12 
Oct 13 
Oct 14 
Oct 14 
Oct 16 
Oct 17 
Oct 18 
Oct 19 
Oct 20 
Oct 21 
Oct 23 
Oct 24 
Oct 25 
Oct 26 
Oct 27 
Oct 28 
Oct 28 
Oct 30 
Oct 31 . 
Nov 1 
Nov 2 
Nov 3 
Nov 4 
Nov 6 
Nov 7 
Nov 8 
Nov 9 
Nov 10 
Nov 11 

Play 2 
Nov 20 
Nov 21 
Nov 22 
Nov 23 
Nov 24 
Nov 25 
Nov 25 
Nov 27 
Nov 28 
Nov 29 
Nov 30 
Oec 1 
Dec 2 
Dec 4 
Oec 5 
Dec 6 
Oec 7 Oec 8 
Oec 9 
Oec 9 
Dec 11 
Oec 12 
Oec 13 
Dec 14 
Dec 15 
Oec 16 
Dec 18 
Dec 19 
Dec 20 
Oec 21 
Dec 22 
Dec 23 

Play 3 
Jan 1 
Jan 2 
Jan 3 
Jan " Jan 5 
Jan 6 
Jan 6 
Jan 8 
Jan 9 
Jan 10 
Jan 11 
Jan 12 
Jan 13 
Jan 15 
Jan 16 
Jan 17 
Jan 18 
Jan 19 
Jan 20 
Jan 20 
Jan 22 
Jan 23 
Jan 24 
Jan 25 
Jan 26 
Jan 27 
Jan 29 
Jan 30 
Jan 31 
reb I 
reb 2 
Feb 3 

PI.y " 
Feb 12 
Feb 13 
Feb 14 
Feb 15 
Feb 16 
Feb 17 
Feb 17 
Feb 19 
Feb 20 
Feb 21 
Feb 22 
Feb 23 
Feb 24 
Feb 26 
Feb 27 
Feb 28 
Mar 1 
Mar 2 
Mar 3 
Mar 3 
Mar 5 
Mar 6 
Mar 7 
Mar 8 
Mar 9 
Mar 10 
Mar 12 
Mar 13 
Mar 14 
Mar 15 
Mar 16 
Mar 17 

All Evenings 8:00 p.m . (e.cept Opening Night) 
A ll Maline .. 2:00 p.m . 

STUDENT SUBSCRIPTIONS 
(full time through college) 

5 Play Student Subscription 
Old CI.bt 

Subscription Series 
Tues .. Wed .• Thurs. Sun. Eve 
Sunday matinees 

Th .. tr. Soctlon 
A.B.C. D.E.F 
$9.00 $7.50 
$7.50 $6.00 

1. VOl have the same seats every t ime you attend. 

PI.y 5 
Mar 26 
Mar 27 
Mar 28 
Mar 29 
Mar 30 
Mar 31 
Mar 31 
Apr 2 
Apr 3 
Apr 4 
Apr 5 
Apr 6 
Apr 7 
Apr 9 
Apr 10 
Apr 11 
Apr 12 
Apr 13 
Apr 14 
Apr 14 
Apr 16 
Apr 17 
Apr 18 
Apr 19 
Apr 20 
Apr 21 
Apr 23 
Apr 24 
Apr 25 
Apr 26 
Apr 27 
Apr 28 

Corttr eo"tA 
SII,I _0" 

A.B . 
$9.00 
$7.50 

2 . YOL can renew your subscription and sit in the same seats 
as long as you desire. year after year. even if your student 
sta :us changes. 

3. AVCoilable for both Old Globe Theatre and Carter Centre Stage. 
4 . Stlldent Subscriptions not all~iloble fo' F,idey or Saturday 

perl0rmances . 
5 . Stldent Subscription tickets will be held for you at the theatre 

bOI office until the first performance you attend. 
6. Prc:of of full time student status for each Subscription pur· 

chased required at box office to receive your Subscription 
tic~ ets. 

7. AU. EVENING PERFORMANCES 8:00 p.m. ALL MATINEES AT 
2:00 P.M. 

1st San Diego Production April 9 thru May 12 

olb globt thfatrt carter centre stagr 

~ Serl •• Day Play I Ploy 2 Ploy 3 PI.y 4 Play 5 I Tu. Sept 25 Nov 6 Jan 15 Feb 26 Apr 9 2 Wed Sept 26 Nov 7 Jan 16 Feb 27 Apr 10 3 Thur Sept 27 Nov 8 Jan 17 Feb 28 Apr II I I 4 Frl Sept 28 Nov 9 Jan 18 Mar I A pr 12 '.~CO*o' 5 Sat Sept 29 Nov 10 Jan 19 Mar 2 Apr 13 6 EVE Sun Sept 30 Nov 11 Jan 20 Mar 3 Apr 14 
7 Tue Oct 2 Nov 13 Jan 22 Mar 5 Apr 16 

/ 8 Wed Oct 3 Nov 14 Jan 23 Mar 6 Apr 17 9 Thur Oct 4 Nov 15 Jan 24 Mar 7 Apr 18 

~ 10 Frl Oct 5 Nov 16 Jan 25 Mar 8 Apr 19 t II Sat Oct 6 Nov 17 Jan 26 Mar 9 Apr 20 12 MAT Sun Oct 7 Nov 18 Jan 27 Mar 10 Apr 21 13 EVE Sun Oct 7 Nov 18 Jan 27 Mar 10 Apr 21 ' 0 : 14 Tue Oct 9 Nov 20 Jan 29 Mar 12 Apr 23 15 Wed Oct 10 Nov 21 Jan 30 Mar 13 Apr 24 16 Thur Oct 11 Nov 22 Jan 31 Mar 14 Apr 25 17 Frj Oct 12 Nov 23 Feb I Mar 15 Apr 26 18 Sat Oct 13 Nov 24 Feb 2 Mar 16 Apr 21 19 EVE Sun Oct 14 Nov 25 Feb 3 Mar 17 Apr 28 
20 Tu. Oct 16 Nov 27 Feb '5 Mar 19 Apr 30 
21 Wed Oct 17 Nov 28 Feb 6 Mar 20 May I 

carter crntrr stage 22 Thur Oct 18 Nov 29 Feb 7 Mar 21 May 2 23 Fri Oct 19 Nov 30 Feb 8 Mar 22 May 3 
24 Sat Oct 20 Oec 1 Feb 9 Mar 23 M ay 4 

~ 25 MAT Sun Oct 21 Oec 2 Feb 10 Mar 24 May 5 26 EVE Sun Oct 21 Dec 2 Feb 10 Mar 24 May 5 27 Tue Oct 23 Oec 4 Feb 12 Mar 26 May 7 
28 Wed Oct 24 Dec 5 Feb 13 Mar 27 M ay 8 
29 Thur Oct 25 Dec 6 Feb 14 Mar 28 May 9 
30 Frl Oct 26 Dec 7 Feb 15 Mar 29 May 10 
31 Sat Oct 27 Oec 8 Feb 16 Mar 30 May II 
32 EVE Sun Oct 28 Dec 9 Feb 17 Mar 31 May 12 I I ~ All Evenings 8:00 p.m. All Mat lne.s 2:00 p.m . 

OFFICIAL ORDER FORM 
Subscriptions 
Old Globe Theltre 
Post Office Box 2171 
Sin Diego, California 92112 

Subscription Informltlon 
234·3604 
9:00 to 5:00 (Mon thru Frl) 

I want to become a Student Charter Subscriber for the 1973·74 season 
ott> gl~ theatre 
Series No. _____________ _ 

Section __ .,--.-,--:-________ _ 
(lst choice) (2nd choice) 

SubsCription Price _________ _ 

No. of Subscriptions 
TotIl __________ _ 

o Check Enclosed: $ ____ _ 
CHARGE MY BANKAMERICARD 
No._ 
Your Mo"er Charge or 8ankAmerocard may 
be used for SubscriptIon tickets ONLY 

(Please Pr int) 
Name 
Address 
City 
Phone (home) 

NO REFUNDS 

Slgnlture on credit Clrd_ 

carttr cmtrt stage 
Series No. _________ _ 

Sectlon_---,-,.-....,-.,....-, __ 
(lst chOice) (2nd c hoice) 

Subscription Price ____ ___ _ 

No. of Subscriptions 
Tobl_ 

TOTAL ENCLOSED _ 
MASTER CHARGE 
ACCOUNT NUMBER _ 
FOUR DIGIT 
INTERBANK NO. 

EXPIRATION 
DATo;..... __ 

--~-. ------

Zip Code 
(business) 

• 

POSSIBILITIES 
Of course Fall Quarter is just beginning to rollout 

but ~o wet y~ur appetite for some of the quarter'~ 
offermgs, consider the following. 

Movies 
Due to continued popularity of the traditional Friday 

an d Saturday flicks series, a Tuesday flicks has been 
added this quarter. 

A complete list of films will be forthcoming shor\ly, 
but among the films to be seen in these three series this 
quarter are: BULLlT, WOODSTOCK, REEFER 
MADNESS, FRENZY, ON THE WATERFRONT, THE 
GRAPES OF WRATH, SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE, HENRY 
V. GIANT, EYES OF HELL (in 3-dl), DRACULA, the 
original, COLLUSUS THE FORBIN PROJ ECT, THE DAY 
THE EA RTH STOOD STILL, FISTS OF FURY, 
BARARELLA, THE LADY SINGS THE BLUES, THE 
GRADUATE,HAROLD AND MAUDE, a major studio 
preview in the gym and much much more! 

Theatre 
The UCSD THEATRE opens its second season 

presenting four plays this season, THE SKIN OF OUR 
TEETH, BLOOD WEDDING, TARTUFFE, and NO PLACE 
TO BE SOMEBODY. As a special offering, September 
29th at 8 :00 P.M . a company comprised of members 
from all nine UCSD Campuses will present the morality 
play EVERYMAN in the UCSD Theatre.$- The GLOBE 
THEAT RE ? CARTER CENTER STAGE complex opens its 
season September 25th, on the Carter stage with Paul 
Zindel's AND MISS REARDON DRINKS A UTILE, and 
sta rts the GLOBE with jABBERWOCK by jerome 
Lawrence and Robert E. Lee opening October 9th and 
running through November 11th. 

The OFF-BROADWAY THEATRE in downtown San 
Diego is currently offering THE BOYS IN THE BAND 
and will be opening Neil Simon's PRISONER OF 
SECOND AVENUE shortly. 

Concerts 
On campus concerts will be featuring young new 

artists in free informal concerts throughout the year, as 
well as appearances of important established artists. 
Scheduled for November 10th in the gym, THE 
MAHAVISHNU ORCHESTRA. 

Upcoming Rock concert in the San Diego area, at the 
Civic Theatre October 4th, DEODATA and FLASH 
featuring Peter Banks. Many more rock concerts 
through the year at Civic Theatre and San Diego ports 
Arena. 

Plus the San Diego Symphony Orchestra, San Diego 
Ballet, San Diego Opera and mo.re. 

Art 
.In the Fine Arts Gallery, Balboa Park, The UCSD 
~Is~al Ar;ts department presents a Major Art Exhibit 

DimenSions of Polynesia : Western vision of 
Polynesian Cu lture" . This exhibit will open October 9 
and run through November 25. 

All these are just a taste of upcoming events in the 
UCSD co mmunity. Sp cific dates and more possibilities 
coming up in the near future. 

UCSD Theatre Announces New Season 
Dramatic art has flour-

ished in and about the 
UCSD Campus for as long . 
as the campus has been 
standing, quickly evolving 
and maturing. Through this 
process, last year marked 
the first official "subscrip-
tion season" for the UCSD 
Theatre, a season which 
prompted one prominent 

. reviewer to declare: " No 
qualifications, no reser-
vations, no hesitations. The 
best theatre in San Diego is 
coming out of UCSD's 
small d rama depart ment." 

With the success of this 
" inaugaural subscription 
season" which consistantly 
sold out the intimate 200-
seat thrust stage theatre 
throughout the seasons 
productions, the UCSD 
Department of Drama is 
ready to launch into its 
ambitious second season. 

The season's opener is 
THE SKIN OF OUR TEETH, 
the pulitzer prize winning 
play of author-playwright 
Thornton W ilder. Wilder is 
perhaps best known for his , 
other full-length plays OUR 
TOWN and THE 
MATCHMAKER (which was 
the basis for the musical 
HELLO DOLLY) . 

THE SK IN OF OUR 
TEETH is undoubtedbly the 
most chaotic and unusual 
of W il der ' s plays, 
presenting a sort of cyclical 
history of man, by 
following the adventures of 
the Antrobus family down 
through the ages as they 
survive through the ice age, 
the great flood, fire, 
pestillence, the seven-year 
locusts, the black pox, a 
dozen wars, depressions 
and soon. 

A zany, wild, and 
imaginative play with an 
i m pres si ve cast of 
characters, fortune tellers, 
coveneers, dinosaurs and 
wooly mammoths which 
creat a vital and wonderful 
piece of theatre. Under the 
direction of department 
chairman Dr . Arthur 
Wagner, the play enjoys a 
seven day run November 9, 
10,11,15,16,17 and 18. 

The second piece on the 
seasons bill is BLOOD 
WEDDING by Garcia Lorca. 

Director Michael Addison, 
new to the UCSI) Drama 
Department, arriving here 
by way of chairmanship of 
the Drama department of 
UC Santa Barbara, and 
being the Dean of the 
school of Theatre Arts and 
Dance at the California 
Institute of the Arts in 
Valencia, calls the piece a 
"tragedy of blood" 
resulting from the conflict 
between a rigid society and 
the explosive passions 
which it attempts to 
supress. 

An extremely theatrical 
and poetic piece, BLOOD 
WEDDING possesses a 
burning, stark presentation 
bordering on naturalism 
and then transmuting 
nearly to fantasy. It is 
simpl istic in appearance, 
yet densely complex. 

Garcia Lorca, a major 
Spanish poet and 
playwright is always noted 
for his stark, emotionally 
charged works. He visited 
America during the 
depression and wrote 
much of his work in 
horrified reaction to what 
he had seen. He was killed 
in the Spanish Civil War. 

BLOOD WEDDING, one 
of his three tragic dramas · 
opens February 22, and 
continues through 
February ' 23, 24, 28, and 
March 1, 2, and 3. 

The third piece for the 
season is a special event in 
that it features 
distinguished actor Eric 

Christmas in the title role of 
Moliere's classic comedy 
TARTUFFE. 

Mr. Christmas has spent 
12 years as a leading actor 
and director for the 
Stratford Festival Thearte, 
and has directed for the 
San Diego Shakespeare 
Festival the past three 
seasons. He has appeared 
recently on the L.A. State in 
BEATRICE AND BENEDICT 
with Vanessa Redgrave, 
MAJOR BARBARA, and 
CHEMIN DE FER. He has 
guest starred on several TV 
series including THE FBI, 
THE SANDY D UNCAN 
SHOW, BONAZA , and 
CANNO . He has 
appeared in recent feature 
films including MONTE 
WALSH, THE ANDRO-
MEDA STRAIN. and HAR-
OLD AND MAUDE. 

Currently he is directing 
the world premiere of june 
Havoc's play I, SAID THE 
FLY ilt the Tyrone Guthrie 
Theatre in Minneapolis. 

TARTUFFE of course is 
considered the best of 
Moliere's high comedy, 
and offers one of the classic 
comedy characterizations 
of one of theatre's greatest 
hypocrites, Tartuffe. The 
prodpction dates are April 
19,20,21,25,26, 27,28. 

The final production of 
the season is Charles 
Gordone's Pulitzer Prize 
winning NO PLACE TO BE 
SOMEBODY under the 
direction of Dr. Floyd 
Gaffney. 

_NO PLACE TO BE 
SOMEBODY is what is 
called a "Black black 
comedy". The locale of the 
play is a bar in a black 
neighborhood in New 
York, which serves as a 
locale for multiple searches 
for identify . 

A rich comedy with 
strong dramatic overtones, 
the play encompasses 
blacks, whites, whores, 
pimps, the Mafia and more. 
Production dates are May 
24, 25, 26, 30, 31, and june 1 
and 2. 

Due to the intimate size 
of the UCSD Theatre, and 
the popu larity of its 
productions, tickets often 
become quickly sca rce 
during production weeks. 
Hence, Dr. Wagner is 
encouraging the purchase 
of Season Tickets which 
ensure a theatre patron 
seating for the entire 
season. The season ticket 
also offers a considerable 
price savings, giving the full 
season of four shows for 
the price of three. 

For those people 
interesing in production, or 
the UCSD Drama 
Department in general, an 
organizational and 
introductary meeting will 
be held in the UCSD 
Theatre, Tuesday, Sept. 25 .. 
.7:30 p.m. Following this 
meeting, a meeting of the 
UCSD Drama Club, a 
student-run dramatic and 
theatric organization will 
hold a brief, organizational 
meeting to which new 
members are encouraged 
to come. 

For information on any 
of the above , the 
department of drama 
encourages your 
contacting them by a visit 
or phoning x2491 . The 
UCSD Theatre is located at 
203 Matthews Campus, 
behind the bookstore. 

All UCSD Theatre 
Productions are openly cast 
from UCSD Students and 
members of the campus 
community . Auditions for 
the first production THE 
SKIN OF OUR TEETH, are 
in the theatre, September 
26 and 27, at 7:15. 

Music i;>epartment Offers Wide Variety 
Though UCSD is perhaps 

best noted for its 
achievements and repute 
in the sciences, its 
contributions in the arts are 
often affirmed through the 
campuses small but 
passionate music 
department. 

The music department 
demonstrates an amazing 
variety in its offerings each 
year, and sponsors and 
su pports st udi es an d 
performan ce in as many 
types of music as there are 
groups of interested 
people. 

By and large, the music 
department 's offerings to 
the community and 
campus fall into three 
broad categories : non-
western, chamber, and new 
and experimental. 

In the field of non-
western or ethnic music, 
the music department's 
performance offerings for 
the upcoming year start on 
Wednesday October 30. 
The outdoor concert at the 
International Center on 
Matthews Campus features 
the Naga waram Troupe of 
Sh ik, Chinna, Moulana, 
and Sahib. This outh 
Ind ian troupe is an 
ensemble com prosed of 

instruments and a drum 
which perform the varied 
spititual music of South 
India. 

Other non-western 
off rings of the musi 
department upcoming th is 
year include: Ashish Khan 
in February or March, a 
perfroming Troupe of 
Indonesian dancer and 
inger in April, and an 

Africa Ewi Croup sometime 
in Spring quarter. 

In th Ii Id of chamber 
music, th offerings fall 
into sev ral cia . Th re 
will b th ree faculty-in-
Residence Chamb r Music 
R ital in wint r or pring 

performance from 
distinguished faculty 
members here on campus. 
A series of 010 recitals and 
performances are 
scheduled for future dates 
including violinist Eugene 
Gratovish and a 
p rforman e of a new 
chamber musi ensemble 
under th direction of 
condu tor Arthur 
Weisberg. 

The mu i d partm nl is 
also largely respon ible in 
effort to unite UC 0 with 
th La jolla community. 
Th La jolla Civic Univer ity 

ymphony and Choru 

both 'in the community and 
on campus to work 
together. Free concerts by 
these two groups are 
scheduled for November, 
December, March, and 
May. The locations of these 
concerts are spl it , with 
some performances to be 
held in Sherwood Hall in La 
Jolla, and others to be held 
on campus, in the Revelle 
Campus. 

UCSD ha held a 
reputat ion for many yea rs 
as being one of the finest 
schools in the field of new 
and experimental music. 
The campus received a 
Rockefelle r grant of 
$400,000 to be used in th e 
field of mu ic 

voh,m 
s, to 

a 

moon 
hll t .. r 

su btie 
called 

th .. 
fare, 
t 
are 

ach is 

quarter fe,turinll 
• 1;' •• I • ,t ... '" 

offers a hanc for gifted • 
• ppp- rq( 51~m I p1 . ans (OntlOu two double reed • I,. I. • • I • 

f~8 ,1i3'IT ritqnl ~im Ii> 



University of California Intercampus 
Theatre Workshop Production 

A modern version of the medieval 
morality play, EVERYMAN, adapted and 
directed by Robert Benedetti of the 
Department of Theatre' at UC Riverside, 
will be toured to all nine campuses of 
the University of California this fall. 

The play will be presented by the 
UCSD Drama Department and the 
Intercampus Cultural Exchange 
Committee in UCSD Theatre on 
Saturday, September 29, at 6:00. Tickets 
are $1.00 for students and $2.00 for 
general admission and are available in ' 
the Urey Hall Box office and the Drama 
Office. 

One of the greatest morality plays, 
EVERYMAN traces man's experience of 
dying from the moment he is 
summoned by Death until his actual 
entry into the grave. The original text 
aimed to demonstrate the transitory 
nature of all worldly things and lasting 
Christian values as expressed by the 
medieval Roman Church. 

This production will translate the 
allegory into the contemporary 
sensibility; it will focus on the 
dissolution of the social personality and 
the entry of the self into a purely 

. spiritual state at the moment of death. Its 

form will be that of an austere ritual 
centering around the phenomenon of 
transformation, as the persona of the 
hero, Everyman, is shared in turn by all 
members of the acting company; each 
episode will further find a specific 
analogue from contemporary society for 
the allegorical figures of the original. 

The production is the outgrowth of a 
theatre workshop project organized by 
the Intercampus Cultural Exchange 
Committee in an attempt to develop a 
new and potentially significant way of 
serving students talented in the arts. The 
actors were chosen through open 
auditions held for all U.c. theatre 
students. John Greenleaf and Mindy 
Scott from U.C.S.D. are members of the 
company. 

Robert Benedetti was formerly 
Chairman of the Theatre Department at 
York University, Tronto, Canada. He has 
been Artistic Director of the Indiana 
Theatre Company and Guest Director of 
the Colorado, Great Lakes and Oregon 
Shakespeare Festivals. He was producer, 
writer and performer at CBS Television 
and Director of the NET Playhouse. 

Watch This S,~ ........... ce 
Watch for the October 2, 1973 issue of 

the Triton Times. Beginning with that 
issue you will find the first install ment of 
what we hope to be a regular record 
review column . The column, will be 
devoted exclusively to the medium of 
recorded sound. Its intent is to present 
informative criticism of current jazz, pop 
and country-western releases and, in 
addition, to include reviews on products 
of major artists of past decades. This 
latter objective is meant to elCpand our 
service to our readers beyond the simple 
review of new releases. 

While coverage of new record 
product will be the primary focus of the 
column it will also provide the 
discriminating reader with the 
opportunity to hear new quality sounds 
regardless of era, the knowledge of 
which it is felt would be to the reader's 
profit. These sounds will include the 

Redhot 
Blue 

Curt Mastalk 's 
(seadreams: 
New Surf Fi m' 

with 'The 
Rocketmen' 

San Diego 
Premiere 

Sept. 24-30 
Mon. - Sun. 

7:30910:00 
Adm. $2,25 

plus sNd. show 
By Int'l. S.!rflng Magazine 

LA PALOMA 
PACIFIC COAST HWY. 

ENCINITAS 753·3955 

great bluesmen, some of which may not 
have been recorded since the 30's, but 
whose records will be pi eced together 
astime and space permit during this 
academic year. The impact of count ry-
western and the folk singer in the 50's 
that gave us Elvis and over ten 
fascinating years of popular music evol-
ution will find periodic·mention. 

This column will bring you the best of 
the past, the best of the present, 
including suggestions on what current 
recordings to avoid, and maybe even 
provide you with additional insight into 
where our music is going. Stay tuned 
and please respond freely. 

This column 's success will finally be 
measured by how you value its format . 
Your written responses will aid in 
directing the energies of its staff. 

Greg Leonard 

I Page 14, Triton Tim S mber'lfj 1973 

Craft Center Offerings For Fall 
Again, this fall, the crafts center is 

offering courses and instructions in many 
contemporary art mediums. Classes in 
ceramics, enameling, jewelery, and 
photography; beginning through 
advanced, will be taught at the crafts 
center building, Revelle campus, between 
Bonner Hall and the Gym. 
CREATIVE COPPER ENAMELING: 

Exploring the basic techniques.of firing 
glass on copper, at the beginning level; 
the student will be exposed to several 
different types and styles of enameling, 
with the emphasis on the creative process, 
on pieces such as functional ware, 
enameled jewelry, and decorative panels. 
3 hours, no prerequisites. 
INTRODUCTION TO CONTEMPORARY 
JEWELRY: 

Beginning jewelry design . Exploration 
into the methods, materials, and 
aesthetics of jewelry. Course will cover 
historical concerns of the jewelers art ; 
properties of jewelry metals and methods 
of fabrication such as silversmithing, 
casting, soldering, etc; design elements in 
relat ion to jewelry; integration of 
materials and presenting the fin ished 
piece. 3 hours, no Iprerequisites. 
BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY: 

Beginning photography from the 
absolute basics. How to shoot straight and 
clean, fast and mean. How to print and 
present graphics for photograph s, 
posters, graphic reproduction, postcards 
or whatever you want . Course concerns 
will be with artistic as well as technical 
foundation in the photographic process. 
Students will need a ca mera (any camera 
is fine) for the first class. 3 hours, no 
prerequisites. 
ADVANCED AND INTERMEDIATE 
PHOTOGRAPHY: 

Access courses with assignments in 
practica l problems of photography and' 

graphic design. Teaching will cover many 
ways of printing posters, newsletters, 
announcement and greeting cards, etc. 
Lectures and problems in typography, 
graphic design and layout, selection and 
specification for many processes. 3 hours. 
Prerequisite : background experience in 
photographic printing. 
BEGINNING CERMAICS: 

An introductory course to clay glazes 
and the ceramic process. Class will cover 
historical and aesthetic background and 
current trends in the ceramic art. 
Instruction will be centered around the 
fundamentals of clay forming techniques 
with emphasis on the potters wheel. 3 
hours, no prerequisites . 
INTERMEDIATE CERAMICS: 

Continuation of beginning cera mics . 
Students will be dealing with form and its 
relation to function, clay construction 
tech niques, introduction to glaze 
composition and mixing, kiln theory and 
loading. 3 hours. Prerequis ite: ability to 
center and throw simple shapes. 
ADVANCED CERAMICS: 

Covers t hrowing large pieces , 
production potting, glaze formulation 
and all areas of ceramic studio pracctices, 
along with individual studies in the 
ceramic art form as it relates to p ersOnal 
aesthetics. 3 hours. Prerequisite: 
departmental approval. 

These classes are offered for zero un its 
(no university credit) giving individuals a 
chance to participate in a structured 
learning experience without the hassles 
and pressures of grades. The crafts center 
is open to the entire university 
co mmunity ; students, staff, faculty 
members and their spouses. 

Registration is September 24th to 29th, 8 
a.m. to 5 p.m . at th e crafts center. A studio 
fee of $15.00 for st udents, $17.50 for all 
others, is required at time of registration . 

UC6D T~b~TRb 
1973-74 SEASON 

PRE-ANNO UNCEM ENT SALE 
FOR UCSD STUDENTS ONLY!!! 

Because Season Subscriptions to UCSD' Theatre are 
limited in number. the Drama Department is offering 
UCSD students the opportunity to buy Season Tickets 
before announcements are made to the general public. 
Don 't miss out. 

UCSD STUDENT SEASON TICKET -- ONLY $3.75 
4 plays for the price pf 3 

1 TH E SKIN OF OUR TEETH by Thornton Wilder 
Directed by Arthur Wagner 
November 9- 11 and 15- 18 

2 BLOOD WEDDING by Federico Garcia Lorca 
Directed by Michael Addison 
February 22-24. 28 and March 1-3 

3 TARTUFFE by Moliere 
Featuring Eric Christmas as Tartuffe 
April 19·21 and 25-28 

4 NO PLACE TO BE SOMEBODY by Charles Gordone 
Directed by Floyd Gaffney 
May 24-26.30.31 and June 1. 2 

----------------------------------UCSD THEATRE SEASON TICKET ORDER - 1973· 74 · UCSD STUDENTS 

Namel _____________________________ Phone __ ~ ______________ __ 

Address __________________________ City ___________________ _ 

No. of Season Tickets ____________ Amount enclosed $ _......;... _________ _ 

Circle date of SKIN OF OUR TEETH performance you would like to attend: 
November 9 10 11 16 16 17 1B 

Mall or bring coupon to the Drama Department. 203 MC 
Make checks payable to the UC REGENTS . 

Water Polo 1973 
Datp Dav 

Sept. 26 Wed. Frosh vs. 72 Varsity 
Sept . 29 Sat. Loyola U. Tournament 
Oct. 2 Tues. CSUSD 
0C'!.3 Wed. Whittier College 
Oct. 5-6 Fri.-Sat. C hap man Tournament 
Oct. 10 Wed. Occidental College 
Oct. 13 Sat. Cal Tech Tournament 
Oct. 20 Sat. Fresno St. 
0C'!.26-27 Fri .-Sat. (Open) 
Oct. 31 Wed. Pomona-Pitzer College 
Nov. 2 Fri. U. of Redlands 
Nov. 3 Sat. U.ofPacific 
Nov. 10 Sat. CSUSD 
Nov. 16 Fri. Loyola U. 
Nov. 17 Sat. Southwestern vs. Loyola 

Southwestern vs. UCSD 
Nov. 22-24 Wed.-Fri. NAIA National 

Championships 

1M Football 

Placp Timp 
here 4:00p.m. 
there t.b.a. 
here 3:30 p.m . 
there 4:00 p.m . 
there t.b.a. 
there 3:30 p.m. 
there t .b.a. 
there 
here 

3:00p.m. 

there 3:30 p.m. 
here 4:00p.m. 
CSUSD t.b.a . 
there 11:30a.m 
here 4:00 p.m. 
here 9:00a.m. 
here 11 :ooa.m . 
here t.b.a. 

Polomen Splash Into 
Scrimmage Today 

Well, hello again, fans! 
It's the beginning of 
another water polo season 
and this year's fastidiously 
fresh players (fresh for 
other reasons than just 
rested) are cranking out the 
yards in hope of readying 
themselves for the fi rst 
game. 

a smart and aggressive 
player; John Hoff (Sr.), a 
tough defensive man; 
Mark Reimer (Sr.); Rick 
Pickrell (Fr.), a strong 
offensive threat; Mark 
liska, (Sr.); Dan Barba, 
(Soph .); Ralph Ausman, 
(Soph .); Ted Gazulis 
(Soph .); Gerry Newton 
(Soph .); Paul Bog seth 
(Soph.), goalie; Dale (last 
name withheld through 
censorship), goalie; and 
Jim Jim Jaquette. 

This year's freshman 

r S 
P 
0 
R 
T 

\.. S ~ 
Leagues Forming Friday 

Coaches Fred and Gary 
(known to most as the 
Becker Boys) are very 
enthusiastic about this 
year's team. They feel the 
entire team will be much 
improved over last year's 
with 12 returning players 
and 8 new freshmen . At this 
point, all starting positions 
are open and the fierce 
competition for these 
positions is creating a team 
spirit that should carry 
them through their 28 
game-schedule. 

prospeC'!s include: John 
Norris (following in big 
brother's footsteps); Don 
Harlan (from some 
mysterious place in San 
Francisco called San 
Quentin) ; Dennis Thomas 
(Redlands); Dan Graifer (La 
Jolla) ; Joe Miller 
(Claremon t); and Dave 
Christopher (a 67" goalie 
from Oceanside) . 

home game, October 2, 
will find the "Triton 
Aquatic Truckers" taking 
on cross-town rivals, San 
Diego State. 

This team needs your 
support. So, if you are 
feeling energetic or just 
plain rowdy, treat yourself 
and your friends to an 
"anything goes, no holds 
barred, get the ball in the 
goal" water polo game. 
Please bring your own 
towel. 

Freshmen and women. 
Don't sit in your cubicle at 
UCSD becoming perverted 
and oppressed. ATHLETES, 
come prove that drinking a 
case a week hasn't slowed 
that 9.1 (in the 40) speed. 
PROFESSORS and OTHER 
RESIDENT ADULTS (i.e. 
ADMINISTRATORS}. Why 
limit yourselves to reliving 
your winning touchdown 
run for the alma mater (ah, 
didn't we all) in between 
classes. 

Flag Football, under the 
auspices of the Intramural 
Department is beginning. 
Come assert your physical 
being. There is a men's 
league, and this year the 
women have decided to 

allow select men to 
compete with them, so 
there will be a co-ed 
league. GET A TEAM 
TOGETHER, don't sit 
didling around. 

There will be a captain's 
meetings for both leagues, 
Friday, September 28. The 
men will meet at 3:00 and 
the co-ed leagues at 4 :00. 
At this time the captains 
schedule all their 
opponents for the season, 
so they h~d better know 
the star player's schedule 
for if Star has lab at game 
time, Herky Jerky will just 
have to play . If you can get 
nine people to nod their 
heads once, come and get 
it together. 

Win 
this Honda 
3 First Prize.: HONDA Super Sports 

50 Second Prizes: 
Columbia 1 O-speed bikes 

Guns the number of staple. 
In the jar. 

The jar is approximately 8Y." 
high and to" In Circumference. 
It·s filled with Swingline Tot 
staples. (Look for the clue 
about Tot capacity in the 
coupon.) 

The Tot 50" stapler is un· 
condllionally guaranteed. II 
staples. tacks, mends. Only 
98,· with 1.000 staples at your 
stationery. variely or college 
bookstore. 

Cub" Dosk and Hand 
stapl ers are only St .98'. 
And the Super Cub'- sta· 
pier with no·slip. 

tcL~---
~Vou could hll between 200 

• 

and 300 Tols with the ,1,· 
prosln Ihe jar) 

• 
• 
• 
• I 

no-scratch base. only S2.S7'. 
Fill in coupon or send post 

card. No purchase required. 
Entries must be postmarked by 
Nov. 30. 1973 and received by 
Dec. 8. 1973. Final decision by 
an independent judging organ· 
Ization. Prizes awarded to en· 
tries nearest actual count. In 
case 01 tie. a drawing deter-

mines winners. Oller subject 
to alilederal. state and local 

laws. Void in Fla. and Wash. 
and wherever prOhibited 
or restricted. 

• Suggested A, •• ,I PflCC 

SW~N'~A - , 
PO 00.169 
NOW '( Ilk, N Y 10011 • 
Ther, '" __ "Ipl •• In 
Ihl"" ''''POI1."t ~ Wrl,. JOy, • 
gu. .. O\iltkll ,... ,n"'o"., 
10'" "n hMlff cen.e" 

N ..... _________ • 

Add' ... _________ _ 

Clly _____ S, I __ llo_ 1 
r,'I"hO" No _____ _ 

• ~D,,2~ · 
. Sk'. AY. C . 1111.1 

I.M. is serious and silly 
and always enjoyable 
activity. We can compete 
with ourselves not against. 
(Read that again). If the 
opponent hadn't come to 
play hard, could we have 
done anything by 
ourselves. 

Returning players this 
year include: Mike (The 
Arm) Norri 

Returning players this 
year include: Mike Norris 
(Fr.), who has matured into 

This year's first game will 
be September 26 with our 
upcoming frosh taking on 
last year's varsity. The next 

Club News Schedule 
CLUB CONTACT PHONE 

AIKIDO JEFF WONG 453-8619 
BOWLING OTIS WATSON 453-0746 
CONDITIONING RENEE Ext. 2285 
FENCING JIM WHITE Ext. 2275 
FOLK DANCE BR UCE HAMILTON Ext. 3005 
GLIDING TONY STANONIK 273-4121 
GOLF APRIL BURTON Ext. 1901 
GYMNASTICS HOWARD SIMON Ext. 2176 
HORSEBACK RIDING TED FRANKEL Ext. 22B5 
KARATE RENEE ht.2467 
MODERN DANCE RENEE Ext . 22B5 
MUIR OUTING LARRY MEYER 488-9779 
RHYTHMIC EXERCISE MADAlINE MAHLER 459-4885 
SAILING MIKE ORBACH 488-3642 
SCUBA FRED FISCHER Ext . 1353 
SKY DIVING SCOTT WEEKl Y / RENEE Ext. 2285 
SNOW SKI RON scon Ext. 1391 
SURFING EliOT RABIN 582-0123 
TABLE TENNIS SUSAN MONTROSE Ext. 2803 
TENNIS MIKE CRUIKSHANK Ext. 2571 
BALLET ELAINE IRMER Ext. 2285 

FIRST MEETING 

MON. OCT. 1 - 7:00 pm 
TUES. OCT. 2 - 6:00 pm 
• MON. SEPT. 24 -12 noon-1 pm WRESTliNG ROOM 
• MON. - FRI. - 3-6:00 pm N & W BALCONY 
TUES. - 6 - 11 :00 pm/FRI. 7-1 :00 am 
WED. OCT. 3 - 6:00 pm 

MON. OCT. 1 -7 :00 pm 
• (Register Sept. 24 - Gym) 
• SAT. -10-12 noon MAIN GYM FLOOR 
THUR, OCT. 4 - 6:00 pm 
WED. OCT. 3 - 8:00 pm 
THUR. OCT. 4 - 6:00 pm 
, Contact Santa Clara Pt. Sailing Facility 
TUES. OCT. 2 - 6:00 pm 
THUR. OCT. 4 - 7:00 pm 
TUES. OCT. 2 -7: 00 pm 
WED. OCT. 3 -7 :00 pm 
MON. OCT. 1 - 6:00 pm 
MON. OCT. 1 - 6:00 pm 
MON. OCT. 1 - 6:00 pm 

• ALL CLUBS WILL MEET IN RECREATION GYM CONFERENCE ROOM UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED. 

Club News 

New Season Starts 
All you people who have 

special interests in sports 
and other activities, but 
feel too cI u msy to 
partici pate with the other 
jocks on the intercollegiate 
teams, this is your chance 
to join the club of your 
choice and show what you 
are made of. 

The clubs that will be 
active, depending on your 
turnout, include Aikido, 
bowling, conditioning, 
fencing, folk dance, 
gliding, golf, gymnastics, 
horseback riding and 
karate. 

Others are: modern 
dan cer Muir outing, 
hythmic excercise, sailing, 
scuba, sky diving, snow 
skiing, surfing, table tennis, 
tennis, and last but not least 
(or is it?) ballet. 

To get more information 
on how to join these clubs, 
or tht;! dates of the first 
meetings call the 
recreation office at ext. 
2282. 

Intercollegiate Sports 
WATER POLO - Come tp 
practice at the pool, 3:30 
p.m., Mondays through 
Fridays 
WOMEN 'S SWIMMING-
Monday, 9/24, 5:30 p.m., 
Pool 
CROSS COUNTRY AND 
TRACK (Men and Women) 
- Monday, 9/24,7 :00 p.m., 
P.E. Classroom 

SOCCER - Wednesday, 
9/26, 4 :00 p.m. , P.E. 
Classroom 
J.V. BASKETBALL 
Wednesday , 9/26, 4:00 
p.m., P.E. Classroom 
VARSITY BASKET8ALl -
Thursday, September 27, 
4:00 p.m ., P.E. Classroom 
MEN 'S SWIMMING 
Monday, October 1, 5:30 
p.m. , Pool 
WOMEN'S BADMINTO 
- Monday, October 1, 4:00 
p.m., P.E. Classroom 

RESEARCH 
• Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send lor your up 10 date , tSO'page, 
mati order cat.log Enclose S1.00 
to cO\'er posla e (dell,ery lime IS 
I 10 2 dayS> 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC, 
11941 WilSHIRE BLVD , SUITt #2 

LOS ANGElES, CALIf 90025 
12l3} 4778474 or 47]·5493 

WRESTliNG - Tuesday, 
October 2, 4:00 p.m., P.E. 
Classroom 
RUG BY Tuesday, 
November 6, 7:30 p.m., tba 
WOMEN 'S VOLLEYBAll -
Wednesday, October 26, 
4:00 p.m. Main Gymnasium 
Floor 

All interested parties are 
encouraged to attend. This 
includes players, staticians, 
publicity-minded, and 
team managers. 

The sharp increase in the 
incidence of chronic lung 
disease found in San Diego 
- and around the country 
- has prompted creation 
of a study program for 
health professionals who 
care for lung patients in 
area ho pitals. 

an Diego's re ponse is a 
" ..1ultidisciplinary Course 
in Respiratory Care," given 
fo, regi tered nur e, li-

liS d vocational nur , 
ph:' ical th rapi ts and 
r . spira tory th rap!sts. Pa rti -
clpants from nme area 

hU~ ~.lItdl~ complet (I th 
fir t two-quart r serle 

arlier this year, and a 
ond group of nur 
th rapi ts tak up 
ours thi month at Uni-

v r ity Ho pita!. 
Itimatel , the b n fit 

will appl to p pi With 

5 m r lfit' '1973 



T a Pro posal~ 

estimated S100 billion of taxes to be refunded in the 
next 15 years under the proposed amendment will be 
pumped into the privated sector of the economy, 
when, in fact, much of it will go into the coffers of local 
government. 

Governor Reagan's tax scheme has garnered an 
impressive list of opponents, including: State legis-
lative Analyst A. Alan Post, Congressman jerome 
Waldie, Secretary of State Edmund Brown, State Sen. 
George Moscone, Assembly Speaker Bob Moretti, 
Assemblyman john Burton, Mayor joseph Alioto, U.C 
Regent William Roth, The Sierra Club, the league of 
Women Voters, the California Teachers Association , 
the league of California Cities, and the County Super-
visors Assn . and the U.C Student lobby. 

Many feel that with a loss of state aid to local govern-
ments regressive local taxes will skyrocket, despite a 

reduction or elimination of necessary social welfare 
programs. Because of the regressive nature of the sales 
and property taxes as compared to the income tax, low 
income people and California 's large minority 
communities in particular, will be hit hard by the 
Initiative, should it pass . 

In fact , sources close, to the University see 
Proposition One as, in part, an effort on Governor 
Reagan's part to drive low income and minority 
students out of the U.C system and into state colleges 
and junior colleges. Privately, Reagan has expressed a 
desire to see the University of California become an 
expensive, " elite" institution. 

The Governor sees the proposed constitutional 
amendment as the embodiment of his basic 
philosphical tenets: distrust of government spending, 
especially on social welfare programs, an unwavering 
support of private enterprise as epitomized by large 
corporate interests, and the belief "that one of the 
great blessings of America is that if you want to be 
stupid spending yo ur money or doing anything else, 
that's your right." 

Coincidentally, the campaign to get the Tax Initiat ive 
on the ballot was largely financed by California oil , real 
estate, and banking interests. That primary effort cost 
them $436,452.56, the most expensive initiative peti-
tion campaign in California history . 

At U.CS .D., longtime San Diego political activist 
Marcia Greensite is coordinating a Voter Registration 
Dirve, as part of a statewide drive sponsered by the 
U.C Student lobby. To vote in the special election on 
November 6, you must be registered by October 5. 

Deputy registrars are being provided by the jerome 
Waldie for Governor campaign, the league of Women 
Voters, the la lolla Democratic Club, and the San 
Dieguito Democratic Club. 

Girls Swim Team 

Lung Disease 
emphysema or bronchitis, 
surgical patients who ex-
perience post-operativf: 
respiratory complications, 
and people suffering from 
asthma, cystic fibrosis or 
pneumonia . And, because 
any patient in a hospital is a 
potential candidate for 
certain acute respiratory 
problems, the program will 
benefit many others who 
will undergo hospital-
ization in this region of 
California . M. Moser, 
professor of medicine at 
UCSD School of Medicine. 
Among these factors are 
improved tests for lung 
function, increased recog-
nition of lung diseases by 
physicians, the effect of -
long-term cigarette smok-
ing and possible contribu-
tions from air pollution. 
"The result is that chronic 
lung disease is now one of 
the leading causes of death 
and disability in the United 
States", he said. 

"The multidisciplinary 
course fills in the missing 
parts in each person 's back-
ground," he says, " and 
builds a collaborative spirit 
among staff members 
working on various phases 
of the same problem. 

During the course, 
nurses, who usually draw 
blood gases and perform 
suctioning chores, learn 
about the techhiques 
respiratory therapists use to 
achieve proper ventilation 
for patients, and pro-
cedures such as bronchial 
drainage, breathing 
exercises and relaxation ex-
ercises employed by phy-
sical therapists. In turn, the 
therapists learn about each 
other's roles and the roles 
ofthe nurses. 

Near Olympians Join Team 
This year's girls swim 
~eam is off and stroki ng to a 
roaring start. The first two 
outstanding new prospects 
incl ude Susanna Starcevic 
and Terry Fowler. Both are 
products of Coronado 
Swim Club which has 
posted such swimmers as 
Cathy Carr (gold medalist 
and world record holder in 
Munich) and Mike Stamm 
(silver and gold medal 
winne r in Munich) . 

Susanna, a frosh, has 
competed in nationals 
si nce she was 14. Her stroke 
is breast and her best time 
has been posted as a 1:20 
for 100 meters. This time 
had enabled her to be a top 
contender for the last 
Olympics. 

As for Terry Fowler, she 
~as also a top contender 
for the 1972 Olympics. Her 
stroke is butterfly and has 
posted a 1 :09.9 for 100 
meters. She also has a 
tough 400 I.M. 

Along with these girls 
and some unexpected new 
freshmen, there will be 
nine gi rls ret urning from 
last year. Coach Ga ry fee ls 
these girls will be top 
swimmers this year. Ann 
Curtis, Cheryl Kellogg, julie 
johnson, Val Cadeiro, and 
Diane Klech should 
advance to A competition 
this year and will surprise 
many other teams with their 
performances. 

Gary also hopes that 

more girl~ will con sider 
trying out for this year's 
team. With such a good 
start, all that is needed is 
depth to co mpete in both 
A and B divisions. The 
league cham pionships are 
to be held here December 
1 and th e Nationals in 
Pittsburg, Pe nnsylvania . 

Workouts are to be held 
Mondays through Fridays, 
beginning immediately, 
from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. and 
anyone who can remotely 
dog paddle one length of 
the pool is welcome to join. 

If you can't swim, but 
enjoy the sport, come out 
and su pport our Triton 
Aquatic Tomatoes at their 
next swim meet. 

WOMEN'S SWIMMING TEAM SCHEDULE 

Date Day OfJfJVll " t Place 

OCl.6 Sat . SCiAC Relays CSUN 
Oct .12 Fri . SUN - USC Double Duel Hom 
Oct . 26 Fri. UlA - Whittier Double Whittier 
Nov. ) Sat . SULA CSUSD Double Duel Home Sat. -Nov. 10 long Beach 
Nov. 17 Sat . CSUlB - UCSB Double Duel 
Nov. 30 Fri . UCSB Invitational UCSB 

Dec. 1 Sat . SCiAC Championships Duel Hom 

Coa h : Gary B ker 
Athletic Director: Howard 
T lephon~i r 7r14-453t2000, 

Hunt 
t. 2276. 

. l'Jnll 

Nickname: Tritons 
Colors: Blue and Gold 
Home Meet s: U 

,_ \' . l-jG'I"").( 
Page 16, Tnton Tim 5 pt mb 

rI Ii IT, I g6 1 
r 25,1973 

Time 

9:00a .m. 
4:00p.m. 
tba 
10:00 a.m. 
tba 

9:00a .m. 
9:00a.m. 

SD Natatorium 

Meet George Ellis, 
President of your new bank, 

La Jolla Bank & Trust ~ 
Independent, locally-owned banking is here now in La Jolla 

offering ... 
• Free checking accounts for as long as you bank with us, 
with no minimum balance. 
• First 50 checks free. 
• Extended banking hours: 8:00 - 5:30 Monday -Thursday, 
8:00 - 6:00 Fridays, and 9:30 - 12:30 Saturdays. 
• The convenience and service of La Jolla's only independ-
ently-owned, full-service bank. 
• Free postage both ways. 

Why wait to have banking decisions made downtown? 
George and the other officers and per onnel of La Jolla Bank & 
Trust Company can make the decisions now, And we're open-
ing with La Jolla's oply hometown Tru t Department. 

Open your account today! 
Drop by for coffee. 

Following i a major policy statement issued by the Board of 
Directors of La Jolla Bank & Trust Company: 

"It is the policy of La Jolla Bank & Trust ompany that it 
will not merge or be the object of purchase by any other finan-
cial institution and that it will remain a permanent, independ-
ent, and locally-owned bank of and for the people of La Jolla." 

We're Here To Stay! 

~c:fW!a~anA &9;tuJt 
7946 Ivanhoe eEl Patio Building) 

(714) 459-9711 
Permanent offices under construction at The La Jolla Bank & Trust 
Company Building, Prospect & Ivanhoe, La Jolla, California 92037 

. Member F.D.I.C. 

•

.... ' ...... 6~ 
, .i( - . . 
" . -' ;" 

f· 
1l0NAI.O J . CARI.80N LOUIS J . HAAK 
Executive Vice President Vice PreskMnt·Cuhier 

MAHIoII\NE FU;~;NOR 
AMi.tant Vi<:ol Pr .. i~t 

PHII. IP O . • 'ADEN 
l..oon l<er 

Hitch-hiking ••• 
Continued from pg. 1 

trusting openness which is the diehard remnant of the 
Woodstock generation, the grim statistics rise 
nationwide," wrote James Cravens, editor of the 
monthly magazine, UC San Diego. 

Coast 
Southb,u"d 'Cruiser Schedule 

According to UCSD's assistant dean of students, Mrs. 
Mary Decker, parents have evidenced no special 
concern about the rape problem. 

They possibly accept it as another evidence of the 
growing rate of violence in today 's society. 

H.B. French , head of the UCSD police, 
believes the campus itself is relatively secure. He has 
pointed out the fact that there is no reason to hitch on 
ca mpus, and that "It's a matter of the total 
community." 

The community has not been totaly asleep. last year, 
the San Diego Police Department made an attempt at 
controlling hitchhiking. The attempt soon dissapated 
though, due to the extreme falk that they received 
fro m the local students. 

Recently, a new feminist organization has sta rted on 
UCSD by local UCSD coeds. Called 'Sisters Share a 
Ride', the organization has the basic tenet that is 
si mplicity itself - to encourage women who must 
hitchhike to ride only with other women . 

Another step which has been taken by UCSD is the 
backing of the operation of the Coast Cruiser. This is a 
bus, which runs between UCSD and North County 
Cities, shutt ling students for a nominal fee. 

Perhaps if these and possible other solutions succeed 
where others have failed in practicality, there will be 
no need for students to hitchhike to UCSD. But until 
this happens, UCSD Students will probably find the 
necess ity to hitchhike to classes and will thus run the 
ris k of assaults and death . 

Appointments ••. 

• 

Contin ued from pg. 1 
Advisory Committee for Student Fee Programs 
Charge is to review all student programs funded 
mainly by, but not limited to, University Reg fee, 
Ed fee, Student Center fee, and Student Act ivity 
fee income and to provide the PRC with an 
annua l report of operating budget and capital 
improvement requirements for these programs 
in order of recommended priority, and such 
other reports dur ing the yea r, as needed. One 
undergrad stud nt co-cha r - Three Undergrads. 

Communications Board 
Responsible for all campus media. One 
undergrad at large (name has been submitted) 
Registration Fee Committee 
Responsible for dispursement of University reg 
fee - $300/studentlyear. One student co-chair -
Four undergrads - Two Grads. 

Academic Freedom Committee 
Group studies and at its own discretion , reports 
to the division any condition within or without 
the University wh ich, in judgement of the 
committee, may affect the academic freedom of 
the members of the University. One student 

Committee on Educational Policies 
Considers policy matters and approves al l courses 
to be taught on credit. De ides which Extention 
classes may be taken for University credit. One 
undergrad - One grad. 

Exr.cutiye and Policy Committee 
Is the major poli y committee for the academic 
senat e. Two Students 

LEUCADIA H.M 1-1 ... 9100M 12- 1,. ~'" H,w l!Ht,. La Costa & 101. ...... 7:09 ---- ---- - ______ __________ _ 
Woodley & 101 . . .•.. . 7: 11 ---- ---____ • _____________ _ 
La Costa & Vu l can .... ---- - --- ---- 12:50 5:50 ---- 10:50 
Woodley & Vul can .... ---- ---- ---- 12 :53 5:53 ---- 10 :53 

ENC ]N[TAS Blvd & 101 • •• 7:148 '1 49 :14 12 : 555:556:55 10: 55 
( St & 101 .. ......... 7:158:1 59:15 12 : 56 5: 566:56 10:56 
G St & 101. .......... 7:16 8 :16 9:16 12:57 5:57 6 : 57 10:57 
J St & 101 ........... 7:17 8 : 17 9:17 12:575:576:57 10:57 

CARD[FF -BY-THE-SEA 
Aberdeen & San (lijo. 7 :19 8 : 19 9:19 -- _______________ _ 
Ches t erfield & 101 ... ---- ---- ---- 12:585:58 6 : 58 10:58 

SOLANA BEACH 
Sola na Vis ta . Co-op .. 7:228:229:22 1:006 :00 7:00 11:00 
Lomas Santa Fe ....... 7:248:24 9: 24 1:01 6:01 7:01 11 :01 
Dahlia ............... 7:258:259 : 25 1:026:027:0211 :02 

DEL MAR 
Via de la Vall e .... .. 7:268:269:26 1 :026:027:02 11:02 
25th St .............. 7:27 8:27 9 : 27 1 :036:037:03 11 :03 
20th & Coast ......... 7: 288 :289 : 28 1 :046:047:0411:04 
18th & Coast ......... 7:29 8:29 9:29 1 :04 6:04 7:04 11 :04 
Train Station ........ 7 :308 :309:30 1:056:057:0511:05 
15th St .............. 7:318:319:31 1:066:067:0611 :06 
9th St ............... 7: 32 8:32 9:32 1:076:07 7, 0711 :07 
4th St ............... 7:33 8 : 33 9 :33 1 :08 6:08 7:08 11 :08 
Carmel Valley Rd ..... 7: 34 8 :34 9 :34 1 :096 :09 7:09 11 ' 09 lia Abrllia ........ .. ---- 8 :35 9:35 _______________ ._ 
Via Portofino . ....... ---- 8 : 36 9 :36 ________________ _ 

TORREY PlIlES 
Calblochen ........... 7: 40 ---- ---- 1 : 136:137:13 11:13 
Gul f At omic .......... 7:41 ---- ---- 1:136:137 :1311:13 
Salk ................. ---- 8: 42 ~:42 1 : 146'147:14 11:14 

\lCSD 
I'.ulr. lites on 

'Torrey Pines Rd .... ---- 8: 439 :43 1 :146 : 14' 7:1 4 11 : 14 
/luir. old 101 by 

AP&M Bldg.2A' . . .... 7:43 ________ _________________ _ 
Urey Hall. ........ . .. 7:458:459:45 ____ 6 : 15 ____ _ • __ _ 
Re velle. traffic 

lite by Urey Hall.. ---- ---- ---- 1:156:157:1511 : 15 
Bookstore ............ - -- - ---- 9:50 1: 19 ---- 7:19 11:19 
V.A. Hospital ........ ---- ---- 9:51 1:20 ---- 7:20 11 :20 

Letters to the Editor 
Continued from pg. 9 

this sort of "shit" pulled on him . Since I had been 
negotiating in good faith the entire period, I hadn 't the 
faintest idea of what he was referring to . 

Any how the point of this long diatribe is this; about 
300 of you readers will being buying new cars this year. 
Reali ze that the sticker price is what they would lik to 
get, but not necessarily what they'll accept. They'll 
come down from the sticker. The amount they'll come 
down varies depending on the value of the car. Very 
little, if at all on a VW, probably quite a bit on a Caddy. 

Another thing, don't bu the options, e pecially the 
radio. (The only exceptions would be items like radials, 
heavier shocks, etc.) Common practice on items such 
as radios is to buy a cheapie and mark it up high . You 
can save yourself either a lot of money or get one h II 
of a lot better radio at a radio store for the price the 
dealer's asking by installing one yoursel f. It's not that 
difficult. Just remember that the options are the big 
money maker's fo r the dealer so plan on buyin~ a 
stripped down version of the car. 

Finally, if you feel at all uncomfortable with the 
dealer, leave. Don't allow them to gouge you, 
intimidate you, confuse 'you or insult you, you're the 
per on with the leverage as long as you can control the 
impulse to buy. 

If all 300 of you prospective buyers bi ker on the 
price, you'll save coil ctively a good $15,000. 
Conservatively. That's just about the siz of this year 's 
deficit on the Triton Times budget, not that I'm 
suggesting anythin g like donation s, mind you . 
Michael Greene 

Music Department 
(ont. from page 13 

At this point in th e year 
most dates are up in the air. 
Concerts and musical 
performances are sti ll in 
the process of being 

• 

scheduled. 'As the year 
progresses , dates and 
event will b announced 
th ro ugh these pages. 

Parking Permits 
The music department 

also offers a semi-regula re 
series of noon concerts, 
and an irregular Thursday 
noon seminar for all in ter-
e t d parti s, held in 409 
MC required on ALL UniverSity property 

Thro ugh October II th, students may park without a parking 
permit on the following lots: 

Matthews - Lot 13A ( outh of the School of 
Medicine, Bi S Bldg.) 
Lot 13B (east of the School of Medicine, Bldg_ 250) 
Lot 12A (east of Graphics and Reproduction Service) 

Muir - Lot 2A and 2B (north of Muir College) 
TemjX)rary Lots east of Applied Physic and Mathematic 
Bldg_ 

Revelle - Lot I B (unless otherwi e jX)sted) 
Lot I C (Southernmost Revelle Parking lot) 

• 

Parking permits will be on ale at the Central Ca hier's 
office, 401 MC, commencing September 25th and must be 
displayed on all vehicles by 7:00 a.m. October 12th. 
Proof-of-ownership i required at the time of decal purchase. 
A maximum of two decal may be issued to anyone student. 

.' . , ... . • 

For those p opl int r-
ested in participation in 
music activities, it is worth 
noting that audi tions for 
the La 101la Civi I Univer ity 
Chorus are Tue day and 
Wednesday, eptember 25 
and 26, from 7:10 P.M. rn 
Humanitie llibraries 
buidling Room 431 . 

Encompas ing all 
el m nt of musical study 
and performance, th 
U D MU~I D partm nt 
r mains comitted to active, 
inv ntiv mu i making, 
and off rs the U D om-
munity an OpportUOlt to 
parti ipate, assimilate, nd 
appr iat mu i in all its 
form. 

For furth r information 
on the musi departm nt 
or its pr ntation, onta 
Irene olomon, at xten-
sion 2095. 

"UI ( .,... \ I· , , 

l;orthbcund 

UCSD 1-8 ... H'. 910._ 12-1 ,. t". &-1 ", to''''. 
V.A. HospitaL ...... 6 :37 ---- ---- 12 :005 : 00 ---- [0 :00 
8ookstor! ........... 6 :38 ---- ---- ]2 :04 5 :04 ---- 10'04 
Ur@y Hall ........... ---- 7:47 8-47 12 :08 5 : 08 6:15 10 :08 
Revelle . traff ic 

lites by Ur!y Hal1.6 : 42 7:488 :4812 :095 '09 ---- 10 :09 
Muir. old 101 by , ,. 

APSH Bldg. 2A' .... ---- ---- ---- ----- ---- 6 : 20 _. __ _ 
Hufr. lftes on 

Torrey Pines Rd ... 6 :43 7,498 :49 12'125 : 12 ---- 10'12 
TORREY PI NES 

Salk .... ............ 6 : 43 7 :49 8:49 12 : 14 5'14 ---- 10 :1 4 
Gulf Atomic ......... 6:467 :528 '52 ----- 5 : 16 ________ _ 
Calblochem .......... 6 :467 :528 :52 ----- 5 '1 7 ________ _ 

DEL MAR 
Via Portoffno . ..•.•. ---- ---- ---- 12'22 ---- 6:3210 '22 
Via Abrll1a ..... .... ---- ---- - --- 12:23 ---- 6:3310 : 23 
Carmel Vall ey Rd .... 6 :48 7:54 8'54 12'24 5:24 6 :34 10 : 24 
4th St .............. 6:49 7:55 8 : 55 12 : 25 5:25 6 :35 10: 25 
9th St . .. . .... ...... 6:507:568 :5612 : 265:266:36 10 : 26 
15th St ............. 6 : 51 7'578:5712·275:27 6'37 10·27 
Train Station ....... ---- ---- ---- 12'28 5 :28 6:38 10 :28 
18th St & Coast ..... ---- --.- ---- 12 ' 29 5:29 6 :39 10' 29 
20th & Coast ........ -- -- -- - - ---- 12 :30 5 :30 6 : 40 10 :30 
25th & 101. ......... 6 :537 :598: 5912 : 31 5:31 6 :41 10 : 31 
Via de la Valle ... .. 6 :548:009 :0012 ' 325:326'42 10 ' 32 

SOlAr;A BEACH 
Dahlia ......•. • ..... 6~4 8:00 9:00 12:33 5 :33 6 : 43 10 :33 
lomas Santa Fe ...... 6:55 8 :01 9 :01 12 :34 5'34 6 :44 10 :34 
Solana Vista, Co-op. 6:568,029 :02 12:365 :366 :461 0'36 

CAROIFF-BY-THE-SEA 
Aberdeen & San Elfjo.6:58 8:03 9:03 12:395'396:4910:39 

ENCI NlTAS 
J St & San Elijo .... 7:00 8:10 9:10 t2 :41 5 : 41 6 :51 10 :41 
G St & San Elijo .... 7:01 8'109:1012:425 ' 426 :52 10:42 
E St & San Elljo .... 7:01 8 : 11 9:11 12:425:426:52 10:42 
Encinitas Blvd ..... . 7 :028:129:1212:455 :456 :5510 ' 45 

LEUCAOIA 
Woodley & Vulcan .... 7:04 _________________ ________ _ 
La Costa & Yulcan ... 7 :06 ___________ ___ ___________ _ 
Woodley & 101. ...... ---- ---- ---- 12 : 47 5:47 ____ 10 ' 47 
La Costa & 101 ...... ---- ---- ---- 12'49 5:49 ---_ 10;49 

F ellowsh i pS continued from p. 3 
engineering, and social sciences, and in the history and 
philosophy of science. Awards will not be made in 
clinical, education, or business fields , in history or 
social work, or for work leading to medical , dental , law, 
or joint Ph.D.-professional degrees . Applicants must be 
citizens of the United States and will be judged solely 
on the basis of ability. The annual stipend for Graduate 
Fellows will be $3,600 for a twelve-month tenure with 
no dependency allowances. 

Applicants will be required to take the Graduate 
Record Examinations designed to test scientific aptitufe 
and achievement. The examinations, administered by 
the Educational Testing Service, will be given on 
December 8, 1973 at designated centers through th 
United States and in certain foreign countries. 

Tt>e deadline date for the submi sion of application 
for NSF Graduate Fellowships is "Iovember 26, 1973. 
Further information a nd application materials may be 
obtained from the Fellowship Office, atloanl 
Research Council, 2101 Constitut ion Avenue, 
Washington, D.C 20418. 

1974-75 COMPETITIO FOR OVERSE 
STUDY TO CLOSE 00 

The 1974-75 competition for grants for graduate 
study abroad offered under the Fulbright-Hays Act and 

continued on page 18 

As Ever Yours-
Radio Free La Jolla 

Yes, Virginia, there is a student radio station at UCSD. 
Its name is Radio for the San Diego Triton , more 
commonly known as KSDT. Broadcasting at the mighty 
(7) hum of 550 am to the dorms and eating areas on 
campus and at 105 Cable FM stereo on Southwestern 
Cable Company's cable in the surrounding P.B., etc. 
areas, KSDT is totally student-run and for YOU . 

Historically, KSDT was begun in 1967 in an old 
Marine Barrakcs hower (which no longer exists) by an 
intrepid band of five or so stud nts. Since that tim , the 
tation has had three homes with a fourth on Ihe 

looming horizon. We've grown from that five p r on 
carrier current op ration to a cabl FM tation with a 
staff averaging between 40-50 students. Our pre ent 
" hom " is in Quonset Hut 314 on the Matthew 
Campus. 

Program-wise, we're a nOr\-comm rcial entlt . A 
collage of music, conversation, news, " un tuffy" 

ducational pre entations, original radio dramas, 
comedy i presented 24 hours a day, seven days a week 
on our airwav . 

Musically yours, th rang of mu r i unlrmited . All 
typ of music-jazz, folk, blues, rock , clas I ai, e th nic, 
electroni or whatever th cat gory mrght b - are 
air d. 

We plan to keep you up to date With our prow ~~ 
through-out th year with our weekly program gUld(' 
(di guised under the title of I YOUR E R ) OthN 
plan for regular f atures in Iud M I BlE D, J 
we kly alendar of musi alevenl If) an Di go and Lo 

n~ 11:'5, the furth r ad\! nture of the " Phan tom 
Toolbooth '; " educational" pro ~ram~ on "T h 

hrom -Plat d M gaphon of l f "; live " mlOr " 
con erts wtth local, home-grown t,llent , dir('('( .rom 

. our studios to you; plu many more " happ nlnS " 
But without YO ,we can't rut".tIUl! . JI uu .11 ,lIue 

b urio tty or have any typ 01 tal nt whatso v r -
th n by all m an , com join u and be a p If of 
tud nt m dia her on th U D campu . It do ~n't 

m tt .r what a ad mi arf'a ou're In , anyon and 
v ryone is welcome. top b th station , Quon t 31 4, 

Mallh w ampu or giv u a all at 453-2000, 1155 or 
th tudio 453-1221 . 

K Dl IS tud nt ; we' r all h r to creat a tru l 
...iabl tud ntlUC D community radio tation. P~g~ 17 " Trli~on Time \ tehlb 'r 5, 1973 I II 

t C ")Orn')lq" • ,'111, III i. i 'J ,;\1 



Co-op pens 
Though I.,any uni-

versities and (0 leges, like 
California Stat. University 
at San Diego, have num-
erous used tlook stores 
around campus, UCSD 
does not. 

The only alternative up 
until now has been to pub-
licize used books on 
bulletin boards around 
campus. 

The Co-op Books 
Exchange seeks to fill this 
void on campus and get 
more people wishing to sell 
books in contact with more 
people wishing to buy used 
texts. 
. The Co-op concept is 
also being experimented 
within another field, that of 
auto parts. 

It is fairly easy to buy oil, 
tires and other common 
auto items at a discount 
store like FedMart. But it is 
often impossible to get 
something' like a generator 
in any store except a dealer 
for that type of car. Parts 
direct from the factory, at a 
dealership are invariably 
expensive and inconvient 
for students. 

To fill th is void some stu-
dents are organizing a Co-
op for auto parts. It will 
order auto parts for stu-
dents, faculty and staff from 
dealers; but because it will 
order in volume, it can 

Continued from pg. 1 
offer substantial discounts. 

It is estimated that those 
in the campus community ' 
that bought parts through a 
Co-op auto exchange 
could save from 15 to 30% 
of the cost of the parts. In 
addition they would be 
saved the inconvience of 
running around off-
campus trying to find the 
dealer who has such a part. 

This Co-op would also 
like to be able to stock 
some common parts, like 
those for Volkswagons or 
Toyotas, for the convience 
of its members. If many stu-
dents and faculty purchase 
from the Co-op it would be 
possible to do this and 
allow even larger discounts 
on parts. Another idea 
would be to order bicycle 
and motorcycle parts as 
well. 

This Co-op is still in the 
development stages, unlike 
the Co-op Book Exchange. 
But it will also need vol-
unteers to help set things 
up. Initially it will work with 
the Book Exchange and 
probably use the same 
room as the Exchange; the 
east, plaza side, of Blake 
Hall at Revelle. 

Anyone interested in 
more information about 
either of the Co-op's 
should call x 2154 or call 
453-6658 and ask to speak 
with Vince Schwe·nt. 

ROSE SMITH 
1010 FlOWER DRIVE 62S.()()()() 

CARNATION. CALIFORNIA 92000 

continued from page 17 Fellowships Offered 
by foreign governments, universities and private 
donors will close shortly. Only a few weeks remain in 
which qualified graduate students may apply for one of 
the 590 awards which are available. 

Full grants, which provide roul1d-trip transportation, 
tuition and maintenance, are available to 33 countries. 

Fulbright-Hay~ Travel Grants are offered to 12 
countries, and private donor awards to 33 countries. 

Candidates must be U.S. citizens at the time of 
application, hold a bachelor's degree or its equivalent 
by the beginning date of the grant, have language 
ability commensurate with the demands of the 
proposed study projects, and godd health. Preference 
is given to applicants between 20 and 35 years of age. 

Application forms and further information for 
students currently enrolled in UCSD may be obtained 
from the campus Fullbright Program Adviser, Jean Fort. 
He is located in Office of Graduate Studies, 108 MC, 
with office hours 8-12, 1-5, Monday-Friday. The 
deadline for filing applications on this campus is Oct. 
12, 1973. 

Announcement of Graduate Fellowship Program 

The Ford Foundation and the National Fellowship 
Fund have announced the following fellowship 
programs forthe 1974-1975 year: 
Graduate Fellowships for Black Americans 
Graduate Fellowships for Mexican Americans 
Graduate Fellowships for Native Americans 
Graduate Fellowships for Puerto Ricans 

These Fellowship programs are for students (a) who 
plan to pursue full-time study toward the doctoral 
degree in the Arts or Sciences or (b) who hold a first 
postbaccalaureate pro fessional degree - such as the 
MBA, MPA, MSW or M . Ed. - and plan to continue on 
to the doctoral degree in preparation for a career in 
higher education. These fellowships are for one year 
only, but are renewable upon reapplication if 
satisfactory progress toward the doctorate is 
maintained. Applicants are expected to plan to study 

81 7 

90-60 
1222 

D':-6 THE fORDER UI":..... _________________ _ 

UNITED 
STATES 
NATIONAL 

BANK 
"£"o. __________________________ ~ 

pm up 
COld cash. W~h Desi9n-.-Chec~~· 

The newest idea in personalized checking, available only at United States 
National Bank. Just select a picture of yourself, your product, your kids, your pet, 
your boat ... anything you like. Then we'll print it onto your personal or business checks. 

It's a great way to provide positive identification and make your checks truly 
personal. 

Perfect for use with Frugal Check, our no-charge checking plan for personal 
accounts (write checks free with a $100 minimum daily balance). 

Check into Design-a-Check Md Frugl!ll Check-two more great checking 
services from the bank where everything starts with you. United States National Bank. 

Now over $1 billion . Irong. DesigJl-a-CI1eck 
An exclusive· 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

"' "illo : 
W hirl e .... rythinq ,tarh wah you . 

Un iled Stole, Nolionol aonl Mo rl iling Dipl. 
P O 80. 1550 
S In D i ~.o. Ca. 92112 
PI.au ,end me An order ~ it for Desi 

Name 

Addr 55 

City 

State 

------------------TORREY PINES OFFICE· 8939 Villa La Jolla Drive . (714) 453-4483 
Page 18, Triton Time $ plemt)t!t 25,1973 

service of United 
States National 

Bank. 

full time and to complete the requirements for the 
doctorate as soon as possible. 

Our immediate concern is to inform interested 
persons about the available fellowships and to 
encourage those who are eligible to apply. However, 
applicants must act quickly to meet deadlines. The 
enclosed announcements are for your information and 
appropriate circulation . 

Should you require additional information or 
announcements, we will be gald to provide them. 

GRADUATE FElLOWSHIPS 
FOR NATIVE AMERICANS 
1974-1975 

The Ford Foundation is offering a limited number of 
graduate fellowships to Native Americans who intend 
to pursue a career in education. These fellowships are 
offered as part of a broader Foundation program of 
assistance to historically disadvantaged ninorities (such 
as Native Americans), whose opportunities for 
participation in higher education have been limited as 
the result of racial discrimination and/or other factors. 

In order to be considered for one of these 
fellowships, applicants must meet all of the following 
qualifications; 
1. They must be citizens of the United States. 
2. They must be enrolled in\>r planning to enter an 
accredited U.S. graduate school offering the doctoral 
degree in their filed of study, 
3. They must be currently engaged in or planning to 
enter a career in higher education. 

Eligibility is limited to (a) applicants who pl~n to 
pursue ful time study toward the doctoral degree In the 
arts of Sciences or (b) applicants who hold a first post-
baccalaureate professional degree - such as the MBA, 
MPA, MSW or M .Ed. - and plan to continue on to the 
doctoral degree in preparation for a career in higher 
education. 

These aw'ards are for one year only, but are 
renewable upon reapplication if the fellow maintains 
satisfactory progress toward the doctorate. The fellow 
will be expected to study full time and to complete the 
requirements for the doctorate as soon as possible. 

Fellowships awards for 1974-75 will include the full 
tuition and fees required by the graduate school, an 
allowance of $300 for books and supplies, and a 
monthly stipend of $250 to help me~! living .costs. A 
married fellow may apply for an addItIonal stipend of 
$50 a month for hislher spouse and each dependent 
child, provided that dependercy can be substantiated. 
Applicants receiving Dissertation-Year awards may 
apply for a research allowance in lieu of the book 
allowance. 

Twelve-month awards are available for applicants 
planning to study full time during the summer session 
1974 and the academic year 1974-75, starting with July 
1974. Ten-month awards are available for those 
planning to study full time during the academic year 
1974-1975, starting with September 1974. 

All applicants are required to submit Graduate 
Record Examination Scores for the Aptitude and 
Advanced Tests and are advised that these tests will be 
administered on October 27 and December 8, 1973, 
and that the deadlines for registering for them are 
October 2 and November 13, 1973. 

Arrangements for taking the tests should be made by 
the applicant directly with the Graduate Record 

News for Veterans 

The Veterans Administration is advising recently 
discharged veterans to "keep an eye on the calendar" 
to avoid overlooking important federal and state 
obligations. 

Gordon R. Elliott, Director of the Los Agneles 
Veterans Administration Regional Office, has provided 
the following information for the use of men and 
women who have recently left the armed forces: 

As soon as possible, register with local state 
empolyment servi~e office. Veterans have up to one 
year to apply for unemployment compensation, bUl 
applications filed after a long period of unemployment 
could result in a lower rate of unemployment compen-
sation. 

In 10 days, report address to Selective Service 
through local board - in person or by mail. 

In 30 days, register with Selective Service or any local 
board, if not already registered. 

In 90 days, apply to former employer for reemploy-
ment. 

In 120 days, (one year, if totally disabled at time of 
separation) convert Servicemen's Group Life Insurance 
(without examination) to private, commercial policy. 

Within one yeu from date of notice of VA rating on 
disability, apply to any VA office for G.I. life insurance 
based on service-connected disability. 

Within one year, apply to any VA office for dental 
care. 

As soon as possible, apply to any VA office for G.I. 
education or training, whkh must be completed within 
eipt yeus of separation from military service. 

Elliott notes there are no time limits for veterans to : 
Apply to any VA office for a G.I. loan guaranty to buy 

a farm, or buy, build or improve a home. 
File claims with any VA office for compensation for 

service-connected disabilities or disease, or apply for 
hospital car . 

Seek assistance from local offices of state mploy-
ment servi es in finding employment or entering Labor 
Department job training programs. 

The Veterans Administration's 72 veterans assistance 
centers around the country are ready to h Ip a v terans 
get a fresh start in civiliam life. 

tuesday 

UCSD Drama Club announces 
Its first meeting. An Important 
orglnlzatlonal meeting at which 
we will plan the upcoming 
yeare activities. The meeting 
will Immediately tollow the 
Drama Departments general 
meeting which Is at 7:30 
(which will place the Club 
meeting at about 9:00) on 
Tuesday. September 25 In the 
UCSD Theatre on Matthews 
cam pu s (beh j nd the 
bookstore) . Old and Interesled 
new members are urged to 
attend. Don't miss It. (If unable 
to attend at that time, ptease 
leave message tor Larry 
Deckel at UCSD Theatre. 
x2491 ). 

Thornton Wllder 's The Skin of 
Our Teeth is UCSD Theatre 's 
first production 0' the 1973·74 
Season and will be directed by 
Arthur Wagner. Try·outs open 
to all UCSD Sludents. Caples 
of the script are avallablel nthe 
Drama ott Ice. (the play opens 
Nov. 9)Tues. Sept 26. Wed. 
Sept 27. 203 MC. 7:15 P.M. 

Classified ads in the IT 
are free only to 
registered grads and 
undergrads at this 
campus. All ads must be 
typed. Due to space 
limitations ads can can 
only be three lines long, 
typed on a thirty-space 
line. Anything longer 
shall be charged ac-
cordingly. Deadlines 
are; 9 a.m. Mon. for 
Tues. edition and 6 p.m. 
Wed. for the Fri ., 
edition. No phone in ads 
please. For more info 
call ext. 1017. 

wednesday 

The Department of Biology 
Presents "The DNA Story. " a 
45 minute tllm on how the 
structure of DNA was solved. 
Wednesday. Sept. 28. Bwe 
2100. 7 P.M. and Thurs. Sept. 
27, 202250. 7 P.M. 

Announcement ot an excellent 
film : "Prescription Food." 
Presented free ot charge by 
the UCSD Neurosciences 
department. Wednesday Sept. 
26. at 7:30 pm In USB 2622. 
This film Is an outstanding 
documentary on a pilot project 
to erad icate hungEOr In 
Tennessee. with Imporlant 
local Implications. 

Meeting tor prospective T.A.'s 
lor the Wilderness class (to be 
offered nexi spring) . Meeting 
will be held at 2E3 1102 from 5 
to 7 pm. Sign up tor 
Contempory Issues 196 
Workshop. 

Sleve's John MOO Sierra 
group meet Wednesday, 6 p.m . 
at FIVE AND DIME tor slides 
and get together. Be on time 
cause we're gonna boogie to 
someone'! room . 

services 

UCSD .,..teel p~ 
(2 yr .. 9 mo. - 5 yr.) welcome 
to morning or atternoon 
sessions at Mesa Nursery 
School. 3875 Miramar St .. S.D. 
Call 453·0321 . 

wanted 

Room V board pIuS salary In 
exchange for part time baby 
sitting. IIghl houskeeplng. bit ot 
ottice work. Privacy V plenty 
of time. On Nautilus in La Jolla. 
Call Cynlhla 454· 2080. 

Fellowsh ips 
Examinations, Educational Testing Service, Box 955, 
Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Applicants should request 
that their scores be sent directly to "The Ford 
Foundation, Graduate Fellowshi ps, Code Number 
R2251." 

The deadline for submitting completed applications 
and all su pporting documents is Jimuary 5, 1974. 

The names of the winners will be announced on 
March 25, 1974. 

Application forms must be requested by the 
individual applicant. No application will be sent to 
intermediaries. For application forms and additional 
information write to; 
GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS FOR 
NATIVE AMERICANS 
THE FORD FOUNDATION 
320 EAST 43rd STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017 

GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS 
FOR MEXICAN AMERICANS 
1974-1975 

The Ford Foundation is offering al imited number of 
graduate fellow hips to Me)(ican Americans who 
intend to pursue a career in higher education . These 
fellowships are offered as part of a broader Foundation 
program of assistance to historically disadvantaged 
minorities (such a Me)(ican Americans), whos 
opportuniti for participation in higher education 
have be n limited as the result of ra ial di crimination 
and/or oth r factors. 

In order to be considered for one of these 

thursda'y 

The Triton Wargamlng Society 
meets every Thursday evening 
In 1102 Tioga Hall. Muir 
College. We meet from 6 pm 
until we decide to go home. So 
come one. come all and Vlve Ie 
Empereurl Plann ing has 
started In earnest for our flrsl 
annual Oktobertest. movie 
night and the Sack of San 
Diego. 

We are the ultimate gaming 
club on campus. Diplomacy, 
Origins . miniatures. board· 
games of all types and 
complexity. are among the 
many attractions we have to 
offer. Triton Wargamers. like 
all warriors need new blood. so 
do us and yourself a favor. 

general 
Don't miss ali college night at 
Sea World th is Friday night. 
September 28. 7:30·1 a.m. 
Name enterlalnment. bands. 
and dancing. tickets on sale at 
Urey Hall and at the 
Recreation deparrment at Ihe 
Gym. 

NEEDED: USE DR CHEAP 
PURCH. OF MIMEOGRAPH 
MACH. FOR UCSD'S ON(Y 
UNDERGROUND NEWS . 
-JOE MUIR APTS. L 1 

Need one book aiid study ' 
lessons for Reynolds ' Psych. 
16 course. Contact Jay. Argo 
506. 

Exper. librarian inter. in 
bibliographical or related work 
for scholar. 459·8029 

BOOKS WANTED: Lehnenger. 
Genetics and I. Chem 273· 
7286· 

Do you h8ve an Interest in 
great Issues ot the dayi/ How 
decisions are made and 
Implemented1 Do you like to 
lead discussions on the topic? 
It you do. call Patti Carzel 453. 
2000 Extension 1949 about 
Contemporary Issues 196 
workshop . Contemporary 
Issues ollice located et Room 
2105 20 Muir campus . 

EARN MONEY FAST I! 
Announcing the grand opening 
of the new UCSD Co·op Book 
Exchange. Bring your old te.ts. 
recreational reading. records. 
comiCS , etc. to use - and 
we'lI do the seeing for you . The 
Co-op Book Exchange Is 
located on Ihe ground floor of 
Blake Hall . In the ptaza side 
slairwell , Operating hours for 
the first two weeks are -
Monday 12:30- 1 :50 . 
Tuesday 9:30·11 :00. 
Wednesday - 12:30·1 :50 and 
3:30·5:00, Thursday 9:30· 
11 :00. and Friday 12:30·1 :50. 

personal 
SUSAN HOWARD - who 
worked as a secretary for the 
Lobby Annex las year. please 
call Stephanie at X2943. or 
leave message at X271 1. if you 
are Interested in the position 
for Ihls year. We 'd like to have 
you. 

Will Denny Martin. organizer of 
Sisters Share a Ride. contact 
T. 'O'Nell ot the Triton Times at 
ext. 1016 or 452·0180 as soon 
as possible . Thanks l 

for sale 
For Sale: 1970 SUZUki 250 
streatblke. Excellent condition. 
Make offer . 755-3363 eves. 

fellowships, applicants must meet all of the following 
qualifications: 
1. They must be citizens of the United States. 
2. They must be enrolled in or planning to enter an r 
accredited U.S. graduate school offering the doctoral 
degree in their field of study. 
3. They must be currently engaged in or planning to 
enter a career in higher education . 

Eligibility is limited to (a) applicants who plan ~o 
pursue full time study toward the doctoral degree In 

ihe Arts or Sciences or (b) applicants who hold a first 
post-baccalaureate professional degree - such as the 
MBA, MPA, MSW or M .Ed. - and plan to continue on 
to the doctoral degree in preparat ion for a career in 
high education. 

These awards are for one year only, but are 
renewable upon reapplicat!on if the fellow maintains 

satisfactory progress toward the doctorate. The fellow 
will be expected to study full time and to complete the 
requirements for the doctorate as soon as possible. 

Fellowship awards for 1974-75 will include the full 
tuition and fees required by the graduate school, an 

allowance of S300 for books and supplies, and a 
monthly stipend of $250 to help meet living costs . A , 
married fellow may apply for an additional stip nd of 
$50 a month for hislher spou e and ach dep ndent 
child, provided that dependency can be ub tantiated. 
Applicants receiving Dissertation-Y ar wards may 
apply for a r earch allowanc in lieu of the book 
allowanc . 

UCSD Bridge Club Iii ollerrlng 
a series ot free bridge lessons 
to all UCSD students. This 
series of six lessons will be 
held on Sunday nights at 7:00 
p.m. In the Revelle North 
Dining Hall. It will be taught by 
protesslonal bridge columnist 
Bob Rosemblum. The series 15 
aimed tor beginners. but it 
would be beneficial to almost 
any bridge player. For furthur 
Info. call Barry at 755-7368 or 
contact EDNA. 

This course will InveStigale the 
products of mass 
communications and popular 
cu lture. It will look at how 
media massage and cuitures 
co ·opt via popu lar art . 
commerce. reppression and 
rebellion as evidenced In such 
sources as McLuhan and 
Disney as diverse as televised 
protasslonal football . urban 
blues. music and com ic book 
hereos. Tues .. Thurs. 4·6 p.m. 
Rm 2150 20 Muls. 

An Introductory course 
examining the tormal structure 
as well as surface detailing In 
commercial films trom Keaton 
to Godard . olterlng a syntactic 
system for separating Ihe 
various contributions of actor, 
editor. scriptwriter. direct. 
(The remaining slots that are 
open tor the class have been 
reserved tor Communications 
Program Majors onty - there 
are 40 slots.) Weds. 7:00·9:50. 
USB 2722. Contact visual Arts 
Dept. 

THE BOOKS YOU 'VE ALWAYS 
WAN TED ARE BACK /-
SLASHED PRICES/SELECT 
FROM 65 TITLES/GRED· 
MUIR APT. Q8 

For sale: King size water bed 
with lap seams. plus liner and 
antiqued wooden frame . 
Cheap. 755-3363. 

1965 FORD WAGON. runs 
perfect. very low milage. AUIO 
trans. recently overhauled 
Make offer. Call 453·9272 

DESK. std, ottice. metal. 1 side 
drawer missing, $20. Fred. 
755·8913 or xl 066. 

THE BOOKS YDU'VE ALWAYS 
WAN TED ARE 
BACKYlSLASH ED 
PRICESYlSELECT FROM 65 
TITLESYlGREG·MUtR APT08 

Join lhe Drema Dept. faculty 
and staff for retreshments and 

-informal get·together . Find out 
• how you can take part In the 
UCSD Theatre Season of 
productrons and what activities 
wil l take place In and around 
the Drama program: Drama 
Club. Children! Theatre. Black 
Drama ASsociation. etc . 

Fall Quarter . Oasl~> offers th( 
following small skill building' 
groups: 
Reading -
1. M & W lOam 
2. M&Wllam 
3. M 1pm 
Study Skills 
1. M & W9am 
2. W lpm 
Note laking 
1. T lOam 
2 T llam 
Groups begin October 1. 1973. 

HOURS: Monday· Thursday. ; 
8 a.m. to 11 p.m .• Friday. 8' 
a.m. to 5 p.m .• Salurday. 11 
a.m. to 5 p.m .. Sunday 11 a.m. 
to 11 p.m. 
PHONES: Circulation and 
Reference desks 
Nights/Sundays/Hol idays, 
453·200 ext. 1971 . 453· 5983. . 

The Interdisciplinary Sequence 
In Black StUdies was highly 
successful last year, and again 
we will be oltering In Fa" 1173 
I ntroductlon to Black Mutlc 
125. The course will be an 
examination of Black Music 
from a historical and 
sociolog ical perspective . 
beginning with it's Afr ican 
roots and continu ing to the 
present. The Sludent will be 
able 10 discuss musical 
contr ibut ions 0 " Black 
Americans based on his ability 
to Idenlily people. discuss 
musical styl es and events and 
to relate these tactors to the 
Lite of Ihe Times. 

housing 
I need a place to live. 
prelerably In Del Mar. cheap. 
Michele. 755·2280 

CONDOMINEUM FOR RENT 
New 3 bdrm. 1. bath . garg .. 
lots ot storage area. patio. 
pool. $275 / mo S 100 cteanin" 
deposit Home. 453:61 19 ottice 
277· 1095. 

travel 
EUROPEAN charlers. Several 
schedules available. Teachers 
Services 4626 Vista Long 
Beach 90803 433·1134. 
Going to Colorado the week of 
Sept. 24·30. Share gas. Call 
Mike at 273·0459 

Twelve-month awards are available for applicants 
planning to study full time during the summer session 
1974 and the academic year 1974-1975, starting wit.h July 
1974. Ten-month awards are available for those 
planning to study full time during the academic yea r 
1974-1975, starting with September 1974. 

All Applicants are required 10 submit Graduate 
Record Examination Scores for the Aptitude and 
Advanced Tests and are advised that these lests will be 
administered on October 27 and December 8, 1973, 
and that the deadl ines for registering for them are 
October 2 and November 13, 1973. 

Arrangements for taking the tests should be made by 
the applicant directly with the Graduate Record 
Examinations, Educational Testing Service, Box 955, 
Princeton , New Jersey 08540. Applicants should request 
that their scores be sent directly to " The Ford 
Foundation, Graduate Fellow hips, Code umber 
R2251 ." 

The deadline for submitting mmpleted application 
and all supporting documents is J,nuary 5, 1974. 

The names of the winners w II be announced on 
March 25, 1974. 

pplication forms mu t 
individual applicant. No appli alion 
in termediaries. For application 
information write to ' 
GRADUATE FELLOW HIPS FOR 
MEXICAN AMERICANS 
THE FORD FOUNDATION 
320 EA T 43rd TREET 

W YORK, EW YORK 10017 

IJMle hv the 
will bent to 
and additional 

P g 19, Triton Tim sept mber 2~r 197 
I I 



COURSE 
NUMBER 

INTERDISCIPLINARY 
0"196 
0"196 

• In 

Apis, Biology, ~heDlistry 
Math and Physics 

apply in person 
Contact: Barbara Pingree 
Eric Martinez 
Building 215 
Matthews Campus 
453-2000 x 2348 

or 
6th Floor Humanities and 
Social Science Building 
Muir Campus 
453-2000 x 1306 

Qualifications To Be A Tutor 
1) Completion of at least 84.0 University units 
2) verall CPA of 3.00. Exceptions can be made for individuals with high grades in the area(s) 
they want to tutor. 
3) "A" or "B" grade in the subject to be tutored 
4) Transfer students must have completed at least two quarters at UCSD 

Selection as a tutor is an Academic Honor 

OASIS? 

A new office name at UCSD is OASIS, an acronym for Office of Academic Support and 
Information Services. 
OASIS needs upper division undergraduates who want to share what the know with their 
fellow tudents. If ou can demonstrate competence in a Math or Science top ic 
area 

OASIS NEEDS YOU 
TO TUTOR! 

Tutoring is fast becoming an essential part of the UCSD Acade mic experience. Hundreds of 
UCSD students at all three colleges will be asking for a tutor in a Math or Science course. OASIS 
is limited by the number of competent tutors ava il ab le . Com forward to be a Tutor NOW! 

What is Expected of A Tutor? 

During the first term as a tutor you must take a four unit semester long training class called 
Interdiscippinary 196: Tutori ng, Teaching and Academic Learning. S ee below if one of the two 
section meetings fits your schedul e. 

After first term all tutors receive $150 honorariums for each quarter they tutor . 
COURSE COURSE COURSE 

DESCRIPTIO UNITS CODE TYPE SEC DAYS HO U RQ BLDG 

TUTORtfEAClI / LEAR 0/ 4 6567 SEM MW 100 150 2A 
TUTORtfEACH / LEARN 0/ 4 6566 SEM TU TH 1000 1050 2A 

About the second week of the term tutors are assigned 1-3 tute es. It is the responsibility of th e 
tutor to set up weekly sessions with the tutees. 

About the sec nd week of the term tutors are assigned 1-3 tulees . It is the responsibility of the 
tutor to set up weekly work sessions with the tutees. . 

Tutors must attend the class for which they are tutoring. Tutors must be awa re of the class pace 
a-nd any unfamiliar n w material. 

Why Tu tor ? 

Thp reasons are many fold. Experi nce as a tutor is useful in obtaining future employment. 
Many past tutors have g ne into teaching a a car er through Vista, Teacher Corps, Act ion , and 
Stat Teacher redentialing Programs. 

The tutor training cour exposes new tutors to essent ial e lem nts of teaching and I arning 
which aid them in their own studies. Further, tutorin g gives th opportunity to review 
introductoryaead mic material in preparation for grad uate school exams. 

In a small way tutoring can provide a suppl e mental so urc of incom . 

8 ing an OASIS tutor demands that one move from a passive to an activ rol in th I arn ing 
process. This is an opportunity to help imprlJve undergraduate instruction a t SD. By h Jping 
oth rs to I arn, tutoring provid as ns of fulfillm nt. Ri ch int rper ona l r wards await thos 
of you who have the des ir to experi nce the joy of teaching . 

ROOM INSTRUCTOR 

2250 WHITEHILL R P 
2250 WHITEHILL R P 

Page 20, Triton Ti m s September 25, 1973 1 


