
Volume 18, Number 17 

Women's Day 
Celebration Planned 

To celebrate March 8, International Women's Day, 
the Women's liberation Front will sponsor a series of 
programs and events beginning on March 5. Each day 
between March 5 and March 8 will have a special 
presentation. 

International Women's Day is celebrated all around 
the world on March 8. It began 65 years ago in 1908 
when hundreds of women on the East Side of New 
York City poured out of the factories and slum 
tenements to demonstrate in the streets for better 
living and working conditions. They were demanding a 
broad range of rights, including decent housing, a 
minimum wage, protective labor laws, and the right to 
vote. Two years later, in 1910, the International Socialist 
Congress adopted a resolution honoring the fighting 
spirit of the American women by declaring March 8 
International Women's Day. 

Women in China will be the focus on Monday. Jackie 
Tunberg, a professor at San Diego State University who 
recently returned from a trip to China, will give a slide 
show and talk on China and the status of women there. 
This program will be held on Monday, March 5, at 
noon in Revelle Formal Lounge. 

University of California, San Diego Tuesday, March 6, 1973 

Graduate ' Students 
and Regulations 

Greg Hicks 
There are several matters of extreme importance for 

graduate students which many of the persons affected 
are not aware of, according to Mike Eican, a member of 
the Graduate Student Council. 

One of these matters is the GPA which is required for 
appointment or reappointment to a teaching or 
research assistantship. As things now stand, a 3.25 GPA 
is required for such an appointment. Previously a 3.0 
GPA was sufficient. Although the 3.25 rule was adopted 
in May of 1972, students were not informed of it until 
Janua ry of 1973. According to Mike Elcan, some 
students still might not be aware of this rule. Thus a 
student who has completed his courses with, say, a 3.0 
GPA before the time when the rule was enacted or the 
student became aware of the rule, does not qualify for 
appointment. It should be noted that Dean o~ <?raduate 
Studies, Roy Harvey Pearce, has expressed hiS Intent to 
grant exceptions when the department has presented 
documentation to justify such an exception. 

On Tuesday, Mecha and WLF will combine ' efforts 
to present a program on the United Farm Workers. A 
women organizer for the Farmworkers will speak about 
the struggle of the UFW. This struggle is a historic one. 
The farm workers are now fighting a battle that began 
in this country over a hundred years ago when in-
dustrial workers started to form unions. Since in this 
century farming has become a big business, as 
manufacturing was in the 1800's, the objective of this 
fig ht is to force the companies - in this case, the 
growers - to recognize and bargain with the Union. In 
this modern struggle, as in the ones that went before, 
women are playing a vital role. This program will be 
held Tuesday noon on Revelle plaza and will be 
followed by a Chicano guerri lla theater presentation. 

Rodgers Company 
Performs Here 

Another decision which students might not be aware 
of is the 20 registered quarter limit for completion of a 
Ph.D. degree. This rule was adopted on Feb. 1, 1973 by 
the Graduate Council, and department heads were 
notified Feb. 8. Again, a student who is already over the 
limit, or who has not geared the pace of his studies in 
the light of this limit, is barred from continuing his 
studies unless he is granted an exception. 

There appear to be two sides to this question . On the 
one hand, the rule is deSigned to keep students from 
taking up time, space, and money by taking more time 
than is necessary to compl te their courses. On the 
other hand, some persons say that it is not possible to 
get through in 20 quarters, because of the magnitude 
of work professors require of students working for 
their degree. Then there is the ex po t facto nature of 
the rule, which has already been mentioned. However, 
Dean Pearce has again stated that he will make excep-
tions. 

Wednesday evening the film Salt of the Earth will be 
shown. This movie deals with the struggles against 
sexism and racism which went on during a mine strike 
in the Southwest a number of years ago. Following the 
movie, Clint Jencks, a former labor organizer who was 
part of the strike and who appears in the movie, will 
lead a discussion. The film will be shown Wednesday 
evening at 7 p.m. in Conference Room A, Chancellor's 
Complex. 

Thu rsday is Internationa I Women's Day. At noon 
there will be a rally with music and speeches about 
feminist struggles of the present as well as the past. The 
rally will be in the Muir 'Free Speech Area.' . 

Thursday evening Joyce Maupin, a representative 
from Union Wage - which is an organization of 
working women in San Francisco, will talk about the 
work going on to win rights and protection for working 
women in the San Francis.co area and about the 
problems of working women in general. This program 
wil l be at 7:30 p.m. in 20 2250. 

WLF urges everyone, but especially women, to 
participate in all these events and to join with us in 
celebrating International Women's Day. 

C~IPirg Elections 
Rick Drom 

Concerned about the environment, about consumer 
fra ud and discrimination? Are you interested in what 
Cal-Pirg is doing to work on these problems? Will you 
be at UCSD next year? • 

If the answer to all of these questions is yes, Cal-Pirg 
urges you to run for a seat on the Cal-Pirg Board of 
Di rectors. 

Because Cal-Pirg is totally student-run, each Spring 
there are elections for the local governing board at 
UCSD. Since all students belong to Cal-Pirg, each one 
wi ll receive a ballot and be eligible to vote. 

The UCSD Board of Directors will consist of 5 
students. These five will make policy decisions and 
s nd representatives to Cal-Pirg executive m~ting~ in 
San Diego. They will be responsible for deciding which 
projects UCSD students wish to support. 

Members of the board will receive no fees of any 
kind. They must be students dedicated to Cal-Pirg and 
its ideals. 

Continued on pale 2 

Hannah Cohen 
Last Friday night, the UCSD Program Board spon-

sored a performance by the Rod Rogers Dance Com-
pany befor~ a crowd of about 550 people in the UCSD 
gymnasium. The performance consisted of seven ballet 
numbers and lasted almost two hours. 

The first number danced was "Tangents" and was 
performed by Rod Rogers, Ellen Robbins and Barbara 
Roan . Modern dance movements coupled with the 
clicki ng of sticks together accompanied by music by L. 
Harrison and H_ COWE!II composed "Tangents." 

Next Rod Rodgers and Thomas Pinnock performed 
"Box." This dance ritual was danced to music by Sidney 
Sma rt, and was a study of confinement which the 
com pan y dedicated to Soledad BrothE!r George 
Jackson "and the men who were massacred at Attica." 
The two characters that were portrayed in this dance 
were Black; one on a platform faced with bars, in the 
uniform of a prisoner and an another man in front of 
the bars on a white surface weari ng the uniform (a suit) 
of bourgeosis Negroes. 

The third number danced by Shirley Rushing and 
Noel Hall was "To Say Goodbye". The music was a tune 
written by Leonard Cohen and sung by. Roberta Flack. 
This dance was done in the classical ballet style. The 
fourth dance was "Need No Help" performed by 
Shirley Rushing, Armide Smci, Noel Hall and Rael 
Lamb. The music was composed by Valerie Simpson. 

The next dance was entitled "Mudbird" and was 
danced and choreographed by Rael Lamb. This dance 
~as a memorial to both Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and 
Malcolm X. " Mudbird" was conceived by Rael Lamb in 
1965, after he worked with Dr. King in an Atlanta, 
Georgia voter registration drive .... and the assasination 
Malcom X. 

The last two numbers were "Intervention" and 
"Rhythm Ritual Intervention" was performed in silence 
and was danced to music of percussion instruments 
played by dancers while dancing and to percussion 
instruments played by Rod Rodgers who sat off to the 
side. The entire ballet group performed in " Rhythm 
Ritual." 

All of the dances performed except " Mudbird" were 
choreographed by Rod Rogers. ROd Roge~ has ~en 
interested in the dance as a form of expresSion since 
he was a child and is delighted to be able to work with 
dance to portray different aspects of Black culture. 

The company originates in New York with their 
studios on the West Side of Manhattan. They are 
currently on a nationwide tour. The companies reper-
toire contains a wide variety of works so it i possible 
for them to move easily from one type of audience to 
another and to perform in places not originally in-
teneded to accomodate theat r production . 

A third matter of importance is the in-candidacy fee, 
which would establish a given amount of money that 
every student who has been admitted to candidacy for 
the Ph.D. degree would be required to pay per quarter 
(in lieu of registration fees) . The fee would be man-
datory for a definite period of time (which has not yet 
been established) or until completion of the degree, 
whichever is shorter. Some people say that this would 
not allow anyone to take a legitimate leave of absence. 
The rule is designed to eliminate the practice of saving 
money by taking advantage of the leave of absence 
privilege, but it also requires payment from those 
wishing to take a legitimate leave of absence (say for 
sickness in the family). The matter will come up for a 
vote th is fall. 

Students who wish to have an effective voice in these 
matters should make their views known to their 
Graduate Student Council representatives. 

Grad Students Barred 
from Open Files 

Tim O'Neil 
Should a graduate student see his files? This que tion 

has been rai d by many people at various times in the 
past, yet the question still remains unanswered. A 
re ent survey of the UCSD Graduate Departments, 
show d that there are as many different policie on the 
subject a there are departments. Th department 
policies range from comple tely open fi 'es to complete-
ly closed ones. Some d partments allcw th graduate 
student to see anything on his file, with th e c ptions 
of letters of recommendation and or ,~valuations . 

Why should a graduate tudent not b allow d to e 
his letter of re omm ndation and or hi pv I", .. ion ? 
Dr. Roy Harv y Pearc ,Dean of Graduate Studies, aid, 
"The lett rs wer written by profes or for th 
departm nt or committ ", not for th tud nt. Th 
w r al 0 writt n with the understanding that th y 
w re to' b k pt confidential. Thi i b au e a 
prof sor might f I hind r d or intimidat d in writing 

Continued on pale 7 



Calpirg ... Novel Discussed 
Continued from page 1 

The Board will meet about once every two weeks to 
decide policy matters. . 

All students at UCSD are eligible to run for these five 
positions. Freshmen and underclassmen are especially 

I urged to submit their names due to the size of these 

Tuesday, March 6, Professor Peter ~apnewski from 
the University of Heidelburg will delrver a lecture on 
the present-day German novel in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge at .. p.m. 

The lecture will be in German. 
Coffee and tea will be served. 

Cape of Good Hope 
Many people have used CAPE this year and hope-

fully it's been useful. We hope to pu~lish this year's 
evaluations in the spring quarter, uSing an altered 
format from what was used this past fal l. Most of the 
feedback we've gotten has been. a~out the help of the 
written comments and the limited value of the 
numbers analysis. The numbers can pr~ba?~y be best 
used to check the conformity and relrabllrty ~f the 
written comments. So this spring's publication Will rely 
mostly on the written comments. 

There are a number of students at the Ce~ter ~ho 
are interested in the des igning of better questro~nalres 
and response systems for this spring's :valuatrons; If 
you are interested in improving the design or adding 
questions to the surveys, call the Center or Billie Jo at 
583-5816. ' . a 

This quarter the questionnaire has been redes lgne 
and three new formats introduced in efforts to ,make 
the surveys applicable specifically to lectures, ?'scu~. 
sion seminars, labs and studio courses. Aga.rn thiS 
quarter the evaluations will be handed out durrng the 
ninth and tenth weeks of the quarter on the dates 
requested by each instructor.. . 

Distribution of the questionnaires and respo~se 
cards will be to each department or professor during 
the early office hours of each day, with the instructors 
taking the su rveys to their classes.. . 

If you could spare a few minutes rn the morning 
during the next weeks, drop by the Center for some 
free donuts and coffee. You could find out how a 
fifteen minute investment of a walk would provide a 
class with the opportunity to tell other students and 
instructors what they feel about their classes. 

Drop by the Students' Educational Change and 
Development Center any time, but pr:ferably betwe~n 
8 and 10 a.m. if you can spare your mind .... We are In 
the lower Muir Commons, next to the North Star 
office. Our telephone is 453-2000, X2516. 

. Malicious Mischief 
Early Sunday morning a firecracker e~ploded in a 

dormitory suite on campus and th~e~ ple~es of glass 
throughout the suite. No one was InJu.red In the .blast 
because all had left the suite a few mrnutes earlrer. 

According to campus P?lice reports, ~n unknow.n 
person threw a firecracker Into the 200 sUite of AtlantiS 
at 1 :50 a.m. on Sunday. An ashtray sitting on a coffe~ 
table was shattered by the explosion and glass from It 
covered the suite. 

The coffee table which it 'was resting on was also 
damaged . Ik ' 

Residents of the suite said that they had been ta Ing 
in the suite only 10 minutes before the blast had 
occurred. 

The firecracker was apparently thrown thloug~ an 
open balcony door minutes after they had gone Into 
their bedrooms. . . 

The campus police rega rd it as an act of maliCIOUS 
mischief and have not yet found any suspects. 

classes. -
The deadline to submit an application for the Board 

is March 14th, only a little over a week away. Each 
applicant will be asked to apply in writing to Cal-Pirg 
giving his or her name, address and a brief summary of 
their qualifications. You may turn in this information 
on any piece of paper or you may pick up an applica-
tion form at the fishbowl on Muir campus. 

Everyone who submits and application to Cal~Pir~ by 
March 14th will be listed on the ballot. Applications 
should be submitted to Cal-Pirg, Urey Hall, UCSD, La 
Jolla , Calif. 92037. 

All the names and a short list of their qualifications 
will be printed on the ballot. These ballots, as well as 
information about Cal-Pirg, will be mailed to each 
student on April 9th. 

Enclosed in the envelope will be a postcard where 
students can vote for five of the candidates listed. 

The reults of the returned postcards will be tabulated 
on a computer program. The top five students who 
receive the most votes will be elected to the governing 
Board of Directors at UCSD. Results will be published 
in the Triton Times on April 20th. 

These five students will serve a one year term until 
the Spring of 1974 when elections will be held once 
again . 

Financial Aids 
What does the financial aids picture for next fall look 

like/ Will work study money be available? Will it be 
harder to get student loans next year? 

Questions like these will be answered Wednesday at 
a special " Financial Aids Picture for 1973-1974" 
meeting. 

Larry Dreyer, financial aids counselor at UCSD, or a 
representative from his office, will give a short talk on 
next year's opportunities for financial aid. 

The nieeti~g will be held in the HL Auditorium, 
below the Cluster I library. The meeting will run from 8 
p.m. until about 9:30, on Wednesday, March 7th . 

Conlinued on page 7 

Arms Control 
FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 104. Dr. Herbert York, 

former UCSD Chancellor and Director of Defense 
Research and Engineering under Presidents 
Eisenhower and Kennedy will teach a course entieled 
"Arms and Arms Control" (Fr of Sci 104) in the Spring 
Qaurter Tuesdays and Thursdays at 2:00 in UCB 2622. 

The course will describe the major arms 
developments since the discovery of fission and the 
major attempts and successes in arms control up to the 
signing of the SALT (Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty) 
agreements in Moscow last Spring. . 

The class is design~d primarily for non-science ma-
jors, although it is desirable for those enrolling to. have 
had some lower division science. Revelle sCIence 
majors who wish to use this course as part ?f ~ ~ocial 
science minor may do so by makrng IndiVidual 
arrangements with Dr. York and the Provost's Office. 

New Women's Course 
A new course offered for the Spring Quarter, 

Literature of the American Women's Movement, 
proposes to combine both theory and activism. 

The course offered by the Philosophy, Sociology and 
General Literature departments will be taught jointly 
by Drs. Helen Longino, Susan Kirkpatrik and Gail 
Omvedt. 

The course will meet twice weekly for the first three 
weeks and will involve lectures and discussion on the 
theme of the women's movement. Emphasis will be on 
relating the readings to the womens' experience. 

After three weeks the students will divide into 
research teams to choose and define projects that deal 
with tangible issues central to the women's movement . 

The reading-s will include an antholog.y of I~terature 
of the women's liberation movement, Llberallon Now 

. and Introduction to Socialism by Huberman and 
Sweezy. -

In addition to the two required readings a 
supplemental reading list will be issued to majors in 
each of the three departments . 

UCSD Women and Extensions 
UCSD Extension functions as a con-

tinuing education wing for women 
according to Mary Lindenstein 
Walshok, Direc or of Womens' Studies 
at the University Extension . 

At the February 28 meeting of UCSD 
Women Dr. Walshok described the 
Spri ng Quarter Womens ' Studies Ex-
tension courses as an attempt to meet 
the "objective needs of women toward 
prestige and influence." 

The courses reach beyond the 
preoccupation with personal identity 
and department majors of un-
dergraduate stude nts to those "women 
who have developed conciousness and 
want to find solutions to their 
problems," Dr. Walsh ok said. 

The Women 's Studies Program in-
volves training for women at all job 
levels. A class in Business Administra-
tion, " How To Stop Discriminating 
Against Yourself" offered for the 
Spring Quarter focuses on the early 
socialization of women, vocational 
development, career goals and 
strategies that help women. get closer 
to center of power in the working 
world. 

The interests of the undergraduates 
are not bypassed as three courses 
offered for the Spring Quarter delve 
into the implications of social theory 

for the image of women and the 
capitalist basis of the role of women . 

In meeting the problems of the 
broader adult community Dr. Walshok 
plans a community based center for 
the counseling of women. The certer 
would provide a transitional education 
experience for women at home or 
work who desire to return to school on 
a professional level. 

Dr. Walshok said the counseling 
centers would offer educational 
programs not available at the Com-
munity College level. Former centers 
according to Walshok have not been 
successful because they were 
"connected with the womens' move-
ment and not efficient in matching 
women with their needs." 

The center will offer programs to 
counteract the isolation of suburban 
women. Professional women 
counselors representing the San Diego 
Counties would be in contact with 
women through an "employment 
mobile." As women have special 
problems and a need for sensitive 
instructors refresher courses in Math, 
Statistics, Biological Sciences, Reading 
Interpretations and Writing would be 
offered for women to get "comfor-
table in their prospective role." 

~ - -
j Make your world 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 

Everything 
covering the 

tennis body from 
head to toe. 

Men's women's 
& CHILDREN 
Unique Tennll 

81ft It ... 

beautiful. .. 

-{jj~ NSWMIDWAY 
FED MART STORE 

3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
(Across from Sports Arena) 

-EYES EXAMINED .PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 
-CONTACT LENSES FinED -REPAIRS 

HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M .• 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M.' 6 P.M. 
224-2973 224-2974 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, March 6, 1973 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 

olzod 0 Head 
o MondeS88 

o Court I 
• Adldas 

And many o\t\er 
major brands. 
Op.9-6 
459·2831 

2158 A ... 
De 1.1 PIIyI 

La Jolla Shores) 

I 
I 
t I, 

Farry -Morsa 
Flewer I II 

VEGETABLE SEEDS II 
UNIVERSITY I 
BOOKSTORE 

....... c.,.. 
-

Schiff in La J olIa 
Violinist Zina Schiff will join the La Jolla Chamber 

Orchestra under Conductor John Gavey on Friday, 
March 9th, and Saturday, March 10th, to perform the 
virtuosic Paganini Violin Concerto No.1 in D major. 
Also programmed for the 8:30 p.m. concerts, to be held 
in La Jolla's Sherwood Hall, are Haydn's Symphony No. 
100 ("Military") and St. Paul's Suite by Gustav Holst. 
Best known for "The Planets", Holst has used English 
folk dance melodies in St. Paul's Suite, a composition 
for string orchestra. 

The performances mark a return engagement for 
Miss Schiff, who opened the orchestra's 71-72 Concert 
Series in September 1971. Since that time she has made 
debuts in two of the music capitals of the world - New. 
York and London . 

After her Carnegie Recital Hall debut in April, 1972, 
the New York Times wrote: "An excellent reflection of 
her background and training, Miss Schiff plays in the 
grand romantic style with a luscious, firmly centered 
tone, generous yet tasteful portamento and in an 
expansive, outgoing manner - even her highvoltage 
program was vintage Heifetz." 

The 21-year-old artist, who made her solo debut with 
orchestra at the age of 11, has won many coveted 

. awards and has appeared with leading orchestras 
throughout the United States. She also recorded the 
score for the sound track of MGM's THE FIXER. 

Tickets are available at THE TURNTABLE, 459-4421, or 
by writing THE LA JOLLA CHAMBER ORCHESTRA, 
P.O. Box 2168, La Jolla, Ca. 4)2037. 

Come, See, Come 
Since January 8 this year 

has been a happening, 
mainly concentrated on 
Tuesdays and Thursdays 
during the hours of two 
until sometime after five 
p.m. What were you doing 
during those hours? Not 
really a wet experience, 
but in the lines was 
stim ulus. Come, See, 
Come. Those long and 
string filled hours, darting 
back and forth, were· not 
always conclusive but have 
put together a mixture of 
so me direction and 
costume. Watson,. Let's not 
bore each other with 
evaluations and hard con-
ditions. In order to enjoy 
such dark monofilament 
you've got to bubble, 
carrying this to a parallel, 
one must lie perfectly still 
to hear the rumbling at 
Atlantis. Slide in and have a 

Jef Raskin in Come ... 
grapefruit of maybe 
perhaos a jjelly bean? 
Come, See, Come. 
. Come, a participatory 
event, bye the dozen . 
Another Jef Raskin . H.L. 
Gallery March 6 and March 
8: 2:00 to 6:00 p.m. March 
9: 8:00 to / p.m. 

IT CAN HAPPEN •.. 
l1li1 Soot ... r ...... Cor lJonb .. o __ .. ..,.1. 

your Datsun 
0... ~are ....... r.'ake l'IInar,...,.u, 

All our repair. perrormcd on yourclr 
have a 6.000 mile or 6 month IUI,anlec. 
We .Iao service Ind repair Volksw.,en. 

8i11 Smith Forei.n Car Ser-wK:e 
343 Soulh Hithwoy 101 

So" •• Beach. collr. 
(714)7l5.J32J 

London and Orchestra 
The Haydn-Schubert Festival sponsored by the La 

Jolla Civic/University Orchestra Associ.f,on will be 
' Iaunched with a concert THURSDAY, MARCH 8, at 8 
o'clock in the gymnasium, Muir Campus, UCSD. 

The program includes "Euryanthe Overture" by Carl 
Maria von Weber, "Miriam's Siegessang" by Schubert, 
a "Trumpet Concetto" by Haydn and "Symphony 119 in 
C Major" by Schubert. 

Carl Maria von Weber was the founder of the 
German Romantic School in the early 1800's. One of his 
masterworks, the opera "Euryanthe" is an example of 
melodic originality, dramatic vigor, lyrical charm which 
earned him world fame as a dramatic composer. 

Schubert is regarded as the creator of the modern 
German "Lied." His known songs for solo voice 
number over 600. All are a tribute to his musical 
intuition and inexhaustible resources of melody. 
"Mriam's Siegesang" will be sung in English by Linda 
Vickerman, mezzo soprano, accompanied by Judith S. 

. Grove. 
Ms. Vickerman is a fellow at the UCSD Music 

Department. She has many stage appearances to her 
credit. Ms. Grove is a graduate of the Peabody Conser-
vatory. She has performed in recitals on both the east 
and west coasts. 

"Trumpet Concerto" by Haydn, first great master of 
the new instrumental style, will feature Edwin Harkins, 
trumpet soloist. Mr. Harkins has performed with the 
New Haven Symphony, the Hartford Symphony at 
Lincoln Center in New York City, and the Yale 
Symphony. on a Eruopean tour. He has also worked 

'with the Contemporary Chamber Players at the Univer-
sity of Chicago, and the Center for New Music, 
'University of Iowa. He is currently with the Project for 
Music Experiment at the UCSD Music Department. 

The concert is directed by Edwin London, noted 
composer and conductor. ADMISSION FREE TO UCSD 
STUDENTS. 

"The Shubertians", an all male choral group from 
UCSB, will perform in St. James Hall , La Jolla, on 
Saturday, March 10. 

Black Salute 
As a salute to the Black community 'and Black 

servicemen, the UCSD Black Drama Association is 
scheduled to present special programs of music, 
poetry, dance, and theatrical presentations in the San 
Diego community March 8-9. 
. Most of the presentations are original works created 
by the performers in the Association. 

Two major performances will be presented free for 
the general public. The first performance will be held 
at 7:30 p.m., Thursday, March 8, in the Multipurpose 
Room of the Veterans Administration Hospital, La Jolla 
Village Drive, La Jolla. Dr. Charles Thomas, Professor of 
Urban and Rural Studies at UCSD known as "The 
Father of Black Psychology", will welcome the com-
mu n ity, and Dl. Charles Bettis, Professor of Black 
Drama at UCSD, will introduce the Association. 

A second performance will be held in San Diego 
High School's Russ Auditorium at 7:30 p.m., Friday, 
March 9. The auditorium is located on 12th and Russ 
Streets in San Diego adjacent to San Diego City 
College. 

President and one of the founders of the Association 
is Mesiha Gie Simpson, 29, a John Muir College junior. 
Simpson has a double major in economics and urban 
and 'rural studies with a minor in drama. 

Performers in the programs include Victoria Butler, 
Michelle Cooksey, Cheryl McClellan, Sheila Roberts, 
Sharon Whiting, Willard Hall, David Moragne, Sharon 
Duvernay, Adrian Richards, Prentice Deadrick, M ichael 
Curry, Eli Curtis, Julia Meshack, John Barnwell , Sandra 
Black, Othella Henderson, Dorothea Curry, Herbert M. 
Hunter, Edward Giant, Jr. 

book 
bread 

Throu,h the new NAC Student Educ ational L.oan Fund 
A~·,,~;.~iF~~d·LcgaO:f~~~::r:~~~~a~~~~hbO~:~ ~u~~I;'~::;; 
UIUy and with 11". red Lape than throUlh a n y olht'r lI\1ailabl. 
,ouree. He,. ', why : 

1. No prior blnk aCCOunt reQui,emenh 
2. NO.1. limitation. 
3 , E ... bUlhed credit not "ere .... ry 
... No incom_ Umh.don. 
S. No deadline 'or Ippl,lnl 
6 . No coUa'eral requiremtnu 
1 . No PI,bICk 'or J 3 month. 
I . A 1 e ... blilhed bank Inlunt 

ONLY QUALIFICATION : MUIT I. " 'ULL·TIMI nUO.NT 
~' nr rurtht·, In fu nn.u.lun WFlt .. . 
NACS Stud.nt Education Loan Fund 
791' Herschel A •• nul 
L. Joll. , C.lilorn ia 92031 
T.I.phon. (114) 459·3105 
N ..... , ___________ A •• , ___ _ 

Add~ ____________________ ___ 

Clly, ____________ Zlp, ___ _ 

CoU •••• _______________ _ 

m •••••••••••••• 
: PREPARATION FOR SPRING : 

:MCAT DAT: 
• NOW ENROLLING • 

· d· • STANLEY H. KAPLAN - • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER S,nce 1938 • 

.• . In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 • 

• • (iJ •••••••••••••• ~ 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
$6000 COUPLE 

(boy-gir/) 

ALL EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

635 PEARL ST., LA JOLLA 459-6841 

What about the 
part of the Ic:eberg 
you don't see? 
How much do you really know about the 
ICEBERG LETTUCE CONTROVERSY? Want 
more facts? Safeway urges you to watch this 
week's program on public TV, The Ad-
vocates .. . A debate on both sides of the 
question, "Should you support the national 
lettuce boycott?" 

THE A'DYOCATES 
KPBS (HisEL 
MARCH 8 .. ....... ........ 8:00 P.M. 
MARCH 11 ............... 6:00 P.M . 

The lettuce controversy is a Unlo, controversy. 
Safeway Stores, Incorporated does not grow 
nor harvest lettuce . Safeway purchases from 
growers only the best lettuce available . More 
than 80% is Union ha~ ted . f r" vrkCr;) 
should be guaranteed freedom to choose 
between Union or non-Union affiliation . 

L 1 SAFEWAY 
Page 3 tu~~day! Mar,c;:h 6, '~73rT,itQn Times 



The opinions expr ~;d on these pages are those of the' 
authors whose names appear In the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone 
desiring to submit mllterial to be pubhshed on these pages 
should send It to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 
Blake Hall. UCSD. All contributions MUST Include the name 
and address of the writer, although names will be withheld on 
request. Contributions should by typed, double-spaced, With 
SO-unit margins, and must be received no later than Tuesday 
for publication on Fnday. The TRITON TIMES reserves the 
right to edit materials to comply with libel laws and space 
limitations. Authors of material sent In anonymously this 
quarter and not published may send us their names and 
addresses, with a summary of what their letter said for 
Identification, to be reconsidered. 

Chicano Professor 
Denied Tenure 

MECHA 

Third College Reply to Carrie Rickey Artiel 
TRITON TIMES and LA JOLLA LIG 

A series of articles ar being 
publish d by Ms. Carrie Rickey in 
the TRITON TIMES and the LA 
JOLLA LIGHT. The Light has 
published the articles under the 
provocative titles of "Short End of 
the Stick for UCSD's Third 
College" and "Third College's 
Target Students: They're Flunking 
Out." Although these titles may be 
eye catching, .they do not correctly 
describe the effectiveness of Third 
College. 

Joseph W. Watson 
Provost, Third College 

exceptionally high rate of attrition 
following this Fall Quarter? Is the 
number of students in academic 
difficulty excessive, as stated in the 
articles. 

Non-Returning 
Students 

in.the 

mple, in a r cent report 
rd of Dire tors of the 

atiokn of the City 
New York, in which 

ation "reaffirmed its 
open enrollment" it is 

that " the attrition rat for 
rol lment students was 

25% for regular ad-
at the City University." 

in comparison to Revelle 
Colleges and to other 

ns nationally, Third 
providing not only a 
also an effective op-

for a university educa-
overwhelming majority 
College students are 

Two Professors 
Comment on 
Dr. Watson's Letter 
Editor: 

A few omm nts should be made on Dr. Watson's 
letter. Firstly~ there is a mis-attribution to Dr. Wright on 
th~ ~Igures . Ited. A mom nt's checking will reveal they 
onglnated In th Third College administration itself. 
Further, Dr. Watson's choice of final registration fig-
ures as a bas line greatly minimizes the attrition rate . If 
one uses the original Fall 1972 enrollm nt figures 
(released by Third College 10/23/72) of 638 students as 
a. b~se subtracting Dr. Watson's figure of 500 con-
tinuing enrollees for the Winter quarter gives an 
attrition of 138. 

With regard to the probation/dismissal statistics choic~ of numbers again obscures the problem: 

The Hobbit's House 
announces a 

Grand Opening Sale 
MEXICAN ~LOUSES, SHIRT 

AND DRESSES $250 
and up 

IMPORTED RUGS 
. $19°0 

and up 
Also have Navajo & Hopi Jewelry 

Arturo Madrid, Assi tant Prof ssor of Literature in Third 
Col leg and one of the most important people for our 
a ademic community, has just be n denied tenure by the 
UCSD administration. 

On the trength of a tenure offer from the University of 
Minnesota, Professor Madrid was recommended for 
tenure by the Spanish ection of the Literature Deparl -
ment and by th Literature Department as a whole. This 
recommendation was strongly supported by Third College 
Provost )0 eph Watson and is supported by his co lleagues 
in th College and by the student body. 

It is stated in cine of the articles 
that the College is admitting 
special action students under the 
false pretense of providing to 
minority students a unique oppor-
tunity for a university education 
and then cruelly flunking them 
out in excessive number. The arti-
cle buttresses its incorrect con-
elusions and implications by 
quoting Mr. Will Wright of UCSD's 
Sociology Department /Third 
College by statem nts of figures, 
e.g. "over 100 students are either 
on academic probation or subject 
to dismissaL" 

The official Fall Quarter enroll-
ment of Third College was 556, for 
the Winter Quarter 534 with 34 
new students enrolled in the 
Winter Quarter. Th is gives a loss of 
56 students who were enrolled in 
the Fall Quarter and did not return 
for the Winter Quarter for a varie-
ty of reasons ranging from gradua-
tion, transfer to oth r colleges, 
personal reasons, etc. The com-
parible figures for all three 
colleges at UCSD are' Fall 
Quarter enrollment ,)f 5348, a 
Winter Quarter enrollment of 5210 
with 264 new students enrolled for 
the Winter Quarter. This gives a 
loss of 402 students who were 
enrolled in the Fall Quarter for a 
variety of reasons. Thus the rate of 
non-returning students for Third 
College is not excessive compared 
to Revelle and Muir Colleges and 
in fa t is about the same, 10 per-
cent versus 8 percent , 

seniors) of whom approximately 
50% were admitted by special ac-
tion . At the end of the Fall Quarter 
the percentage of students on 
probation or subject to dismissal in 
the three colleges ' were Revelle 
8%, Muir 10% and Third College 
21%. Qualitatively this is what 
shou ld be expected if Third 
College admits a co nsiderably 
higher percentage of special ac-
tion students while seeking to 
maintain the rigorous academic 
standards whish a Bachelor's 
degree from UC5D represents. 
Another important contribution to 
the relatively higher rate of 
a ademic difficulty in Third 
College is its youth - two and one 
half years - which results in its 
having a greater percentage of 
students in the period of greatest 
academic difficulty and trauma -
the freshman and sophomore 
years - than Revelle and Muir 
Colleges. 

ng academically at UCSD 
retention rate of the 
typical for UCSD in spite 

pressures which im-
heavily on Third 

students, e.g. insufficient 
financial aids. Although 
1II101l1~ge is still in the most 

of any new college 
four years - and is still 

Work.lng from the college's official figures (1/22/73) 
one finds 83 of 222 sp cial action students or over 37% 
are either on probation or subject to dismissal (with the 
majority in the latter category). This is well in excess 
even of the figures which Dr. Watson cites in his apples 
and orang s comparison with CUNY. Apples and 
oranges because Third has never had open admissions . 
Each special action student was selected and recruited 
for promise and should have passed at least three 
screen.ing procedures. ~dd the fad that there are only 
12 whites on the 1/ 22 Itst and at any other institution 
these figures would constitute a strong presumption of 
institutional racism. 

W,e e~p c!, however, that Dr. Watson will respond 
again With hiS best southern voter registrar's logic that 

whateve~ th~ figures, it is merely what is expected 
when mlnonty students meet the "rigorous academic 
standards which a Bachelor's degree from UCSD 
represents." We ca n't cdunt the times such logic has 
been used to deny minorities equal opportunity in the 
name of academi excellence. 

Prices are 
flexible, so 
we'll bargain 
if you want 
an item 
badly 
enough! 

The Hobbit's House 
A Unique Shop 

Canterbury Corner 
Camino DelMar at 10th SI. 

755-3396 

The University of California policy on recruitment and 
advancement of faculty is officially based on the balanced 
consideration of the faculty member's teaching ability, 
creative schola rship and commu nity services, in that 
order, as p r President Hitch's directives. The proper 
balance is hardly ever kept on this campus. Bad teachers 
and people who serve neither the community nor the 

~tudents are constantly bing hired and promo.ted. The 
balance is never broken in the other direction. And yet 
minority faculty efforts are by n cessity directed towards 
the a tivities to which the University gives practically no 
credit. Arturo Madrid has taught successfully Literature 

cla~ses, Third World Studie and Cultural Traditions, thus 
working not only in th fields of his direct competence, 
but having to force the limits of hi~ talent and capacity for 
r search in order to make ur Third World Studies could 
be taught at all and on one particular occasion in order to 
avoid the di appea rance of the Cultural Traditions course. 

When the correct Third College 
figures are compared with those of 
Revelle and Muir Colleges and 
with other institutions seeking 
goa ls similar to those of Third 
College, it becomes quite clear 
that Third College quite effectively 
educates its sp cia l action students 
and has made creditab le progress 
toward accomplsihing its objec-
tives. 

S tudents in Academic 
Difficulty 

We are of course not satisfied 
with the rate of Third College 
students in academic difficulty and 
are working hard to reduce it . 
However, we firmly believe that 
the facts indicate that 80% of the 
Third College students are 
succeedi.ng in ' the rigorous 
academic environment of UCSD. 
Further the Third Coil ege rate of 
st udents in academic difficulty 
co mpares quite favorably with 
those of other universities seeking 
to xpand educational oppor-
tunities to minority students. What are the facts? Was there an 

In the Fall Quarter 1972, Third 
College had an enrollment of 556 
studen ts (217 freshmen, 168 
sophomores, 135 juniors and 36 

But t('aching is only one aspect of th relationship with 
~tud nts that is r quired of a conscientious minority 
faculty m mber: there is the creation of programs, the 
~trugg l e against stablished department, the assistance of 
~tudents in all kinds of way, the unavoidable attendance 
of stat -wide and national meetings concerned with 
Chicano questions and minority questions. Arturo Madrid 
has done this and more as head of Third World Studies 
and a a Chicano. Where are the University policies that 
consider these activities m ritorious? How can secret 
committees without minority representation or arbitrary 
Chancc llorian decisions ever allow Chicano students on 
thi s campus to have th opportunity to educate 
themselves or Third College to meet its educatiunal 
obj clives? 

The case of Arturo Macrirl is clear. No young Chicano 
faculty will ever be promot' d 'J nless he o r she withdraws 
to hi res arch and by so dOing becomes the enemy of his 
own people. We now know th an wer. UCSD has not 
responded and do s not intend to respond to the needs of 
Chi ano students or of any oth r minority stud nts. 

We shall fight then to g t what we need. VENCEREMOS. 

Revelle Ripoff 
Mark Robertson 

Want to know where your co llege government funds 
go, Revelle?; funds that were allotted on a per capi ta basis 
to be spent in th interests of Revelle college students. An 
estimated $8,500 is projected to come to Revelle college 
government from vending machines. Do you ever wonder 
why you never hear about this? It's because the money is 
sp nt on special interest projects instead of for the 
people. 

It wasn 't always this way, in the beginning the college 
government had noble thoughts, noble enough at least to 
set up ,ome reasonable sp nding guidelines such as 1) the 
largest number of Revelle students are served 2) current 
Revelle students are aided as opposed to past, futur and 
possihle student ~, 3) the cause is endorsed by a majority of 
the Revelle students, 4) and it does not alleviate the 
responsibilities of another group that should fund it. 
There is even a gu ideline requiring the funding proposal 
to be submitted a week ahead to allow time for discussion. 
Each and every on of these guidelines have been 
successfully broken as the government be ame in-
creasingly alien to you, the Revelle college stu dents, the 
group it should be responsible to ! 

LUM'S is now serving BREAKFAST -LUNCH • DINNER 
Hours 6:00 AM- l 0:00 PM Beautiful Batch of Burgers 

THE WORKS 1.25 

BMWSAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So. Hill 
Oceanside, 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars (EF) 

For exampl , they have funded a retreat to which 4 
Revelle students went and it cost you $200. There were 70 
other students so the government subsidized the other 
colleges with your money. They have funded $165 to bring 
possible Reve lle students here to see the school. This 

• money was allotted per capita on our heads, not thei rs. 
You ask, but isn 't this a good cause? Sure it is, but your 
money isn't for that purpose! They have funded $300 in 
the fall and promised $250 in the winter and spring, to a 
tutorial group which goes to an off campus high school to 
teach minority students. 

1) Budget Proposal RCCA 
2) Proposed Guidelines for -allocation of RCCA funds 
Again a great cause but how are Revelle students served 

when only about 4 or 5 students from Revelle are involved 
in the program. As you can see from these examples and 
thi s is only a partial listing, Revelle College Gov't has fail ed 
in its responsibility to the Revelle College Community. 

All of these guidelines have been sent to the va 
student organizations so there is really no reason to 
overlook them - they are not a secret. But they have all 
been consecutively broken . Because of this I submit 
you a n w set of guidelines; guidelines to provide you 
projed with successful fu nding, 1) start a sp cial in 
group (religion, ethnic, social, educational etc.) and 
not rep res nt the Revelle community as a whole in 
planned activity and 2) deliver your funding request 
few days before you need it so th re is not time to wait 
them to think about it. This will bring an automatic breach 
of the rules and provide you with funds . Of course I 
this sarcastically but only to show th e hypocri cies of 
present system. • 

A Short Excerpt From Our 
Varied Dtnner Menu' 

Sizzling Sensations 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE SIRLOIN STEAK 2.95 
Big. thick and IUlcy. Served lor your enloy-
ment With golde, Irench fries, onion rings , 
toasted roll wl\h ~ ar¥c buller and a fresh criSP 

Cur hearty Beefburger becomes a whole meal 
Wllh lettuce, tomato, onion slice, pickle spear, 
cole slaw and french fries. It's topped With 
melted cheese, too. 
GOURMET BURGER 1.15 
Mushrooms, onIOns and green peppers, 
sauteed and simmered m a marinade of 
seasoned Herbs crown this great Beefburger. 

PSA 
• lei 

Special 

< 
( 
( 

, 
, 

garden salad. 
WEIGHT WATCHEf: 1.65 
One hall pound Chopped Siriom Steak With 
dairy fresh cotta Je cheese In a bed of CriSP 
lettuce. two pe<~h halves and a diet solt 

drm~ 
Dee,) Sea Delights 

SHRIMP DINNER 1.95 
Tasty golden Iflt d hrlmp on a large portion 
01 french fries, c,mplemented by our creamy 
cole slaw. dmr2r roll and buller. Cocktail 
sauce and lem)n wedge give It the fmal 
touch. 
FISH FRY DINNER 1.40 
Large portion of our batter dipped ilsh, french 
Irles. cole slaw, Tartar sauce, femon wedge. 
dinner rOll and butter for a great value and a 
greal taste 

Lumberjack Sandwiches 
SUPERJACK 1.25 
Lums famous Roast Beef, Ham, Pastrami and 
American Cheese explode together With taste! 
lpltllCe, tomaloes and a pickle spear 10m the 
best combtnallon ever served on a toasted 
bun. 
CHOICE ROAST BEEF ,95 
Shce upon shce ot freshly roasled U.S.D.A 
ChOIce Beel, dipped 10 natural juices with the 
unique lIavor of Lums secret recipe. Served 
proudly on a toasted bun. 

Lums World Famous Hot Dogs 
LUMOOG .45 
Our "All American". Extra large steamed Hot 
Dog on a fresh, warm bun. Hot sauerkraut on 
request. (Wllh melled cheese 10¢ extra) 

Lum's in the Bird Rock Area of La Jolla 
577 t La Jolla Blvd, 459·9867 

Pag 4 Triton Times Tu sday, March 6, 1973 

SanDIep. 

171 tim •• a day. Smile away 10 Los Angles, San FranCiSCO, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burbank, OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy·lo-bear, low fare. PIIA ,!He JOU • 11ft. 

Drive by or call 

ing and refining its 
the record to date is 
of success and eflec-

figures Dr. Watson 
to Dr. Will Wright were 

ined from Dr. Wright. 
obta ined from Third 

Acade mic Advisor 
Reno as stated in the 

article. - Ed. Dir. 

In the not too distant 
past the UCSD community 
- students, faculty and ad-
mini !r ation went on 
record as supporting in-
creased opportu nitie for 
minorities to come here 
and achieve a university 
educa tion . It seems, 
however, from Dr. Wat-

Continued on page 7 
It is my opinion that money allotted for the people 
ould be spC'nt on the people . It should not be spent on 

exclusive proje ts but in the interest of all. Examples 
an ac tivity that cou ld be funded by this group could be 
put on free movies one night a week for a year or to buy 

projector for th college, the money would ce rtainly be 
located in student interest, everyone would get the 

no one would be excluded and you could see 
your money went . The student government th at 

this would certainly be remembered as a government 
t did something for the college, and Revelle could 

rely afford it with $8,500. The time has come up to stand 
for the people, while there are still funds left. Student 
back can only improve the present situation. 

re are those among you who will take issue with my 
and go on believing that the student government 

Continued on page 7 

Discover the World on Your 
SEMESTER AT SEA 
Sails each September & February 
Comb ine accredited study with 
educationat stops in Africa , Aus-
tralas ia and the Orient. Over 7500 
students from 450 campuses have 
already e~erienced this interna-
tional program. A wide range of 
financiat aid is available. Write 
now for free catalog: 

Box CC40, Orange, Cal. 92666 

unted" Auto Insurance 
Insurance Agency 

STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 

College & Montezum.) 

Authentic Indian .Ie"elr~. '\, : .. aho & Zuni 
I'otled Plant.. Imporled Rug.. Antique.. Impor'" 

Qm.lit) Handmade Imporlcd Clolhe~ 
I'otled I'lanl' I mport' AU . \ T I.OW f'R I CE 

The no-charge checking plan 
for frugal people. 

Here's how Frugal Check works: 
You keep a minimum daily balance of $100 in your 

personal checking account, and you can write all the 
checks you want. For free , 

No service charge whatsoever. 
If your balan<;e dips below $100, we 'll only charge 

you one dollar for that month. No matter how many 
checks you write . 

So you see, you will save money. 
With Frugal Check. 

ucso 
o 
JI.(" VA HOSPITAL 

LA JOLLA VILlAGE DR. 

* 
HOLlDA~ 

INN 

UNITED TORREY PINES OFFICE S'IA1'ES 8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 
~TA'Ff7.Q.~TA T (714) 453-4483 
.L~~t ~~ c. E. "Gene" BANI{ MerCier, Manager 

Where everythinll starts wnh }'OIl 

Pag 5 Tue day, March 6, 1973 Triton Tim 



COMMUNITY 
BLOOD ANK 

327 f . 31 eet 

PAYS DONORS 
for sell'yice 

Tue.·Fri. 
9 :45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

George Bernlrd Show', 

NOW~"NQ 
Here comes the bride . . . 
there goes the groom. The 
nuptials are a near miss j 
b)' mutual consent . Fresh 
ideas and fascinating 
ters with all the tun and 
frenzy of any wedding. 

... T THE GLOBE 

Say~lt.o 
~ou~re 

by Keith Waterhouse 
and Will,s Hall 
NOWPLAYINO 
An imaginative young wife, 
without telling her husband. 
loans a single girl friend 
the use of the apartment for 
romantic encounters. A wildly 
funny marital who's Whose. 

Downtown 
Disfount 

Prices Now 
In LBJolla. 

Enjoy IOClll, personal 
sen-ic,: for all 

your camera needs. 
I 

Bob Davi 
Camera Shop 

"..4 Spu ltJliJ l in 
c.... S,j(~s .. 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

Volleyball Team Has 
It's Ups And Downs 

Contrary to what many people think, 
the volleyball team has not gone un-
derground/ although considering their 
past quality of play, perhaps they should. 
Their game is about as consistent as the 
fabled los Angeles Rams. 

Take the recent Orange Coast College 
Volleyball Tournament, which the 
Tritons obviously didn/t. They won the 
first two matches by grace of forfeit. 
They then played close to their potential 
by beating SOKOl2 games in a row. This 
same team had split two games with the 
Tritons in an earlier tournament at UC 
Irvine eating them up with round house 
serves. This time UCSD played a consis-
tent/ if not overpowering, game with 
accurate passing, setting and hitting. At 
this point the team found itself in the 
unlikely position of tied for the lead with 
a shot at the tourney finals. Their op-

ponents were Homeboys, the other 
leading team of the pool. The first match 
found the goody guys playing we", but 
frustrated by some insecure officiating 
which was just enough to dishearten a 

' somewhat unstable team. It was 
downhill from there as the Tritons 
couldn/t put up much of a struggle. 

All was not lost, as the Tritons still had 
a shot at the finals, all they had to do was 
beat the worst team in the pool twice. 
Well, suffice it to say, UCSD did not 
make it to the finals as they played 
possibly the worst that they are capable 
of playing. . 

Actually, the squad is pointing to the 
NAIA finals in Spring Quarter for which 
they hope to reach a peak. The potential 
rises to the surface now and then, but 
unfortunately, sometimes it is buried 
pretty deep. 

A Little Respect For 
The Stars In Stripes . 

Pat Stacy 
Finals are near and playoffs are here: 

intramural basketball at its most artistic, 
if not best play of the year. Who/s got 
the toughest job ahead of them? Maybe 
Jim Sheffield trying to take on Bob 
lennon and the Butfakes with the help 
of some Dorcy friends? How about 
trying to guard Cheryl Elliot as she fast 
breaks you to exhaustion( Or anybody 
trying to stop Clown Clain , Rugger 
Dugger, and the rest of Mizer's Rejects 
when they decide to stop screwing 
around and really play some ball? Got to 
be one of the above choices you say? 
Not likely ... you know those guys with 
the black and white striped shirts that 
run around whistling like maniacs and 
making gestures with their bodies that 
even Rus Meyer would think twice 
about before putting them on film. Now 
they are the ones who are going to have 
a rough set of playoffsl 

When you /re a ref (affectionately 
known as a zebra; not so affectionately 
known as several other things, all un -
printable) , you really never win . You 
may call a great gamer but on every call 
at least half the players will think you 
blew it. It/s no easier when you have to 
call a game against your friends (or 
maybe even a TA who flunked you on 
your last quiz) because the first rule in 
refereeing is impartiality. All of our 
intramural zebras are students who, 

although they do get paid, are out there 
because they love the game and want to 
learn more of its intricacies. 

Of all the sports, basketball may be 
the most difficult in which to to do well. 
Besides having to run just as hard as the . 
teams that are playing (no mean feat in a 
fast breaking game) and make instan-
taneous decisions on close calls, even 
the "normal" situations are next to im-
possible. Say Head Faker John Miller is 
playing low post .against Mauler Mark 
liska. John gets the ball in the lane, 
dribbles, makes two miraculous moves 
and goes up for a shot. Teracious Mark 
blocks the ball. Or did he get John/s 
arm? Did Mark bump him with his body, 
or did John charge into him? Is there 
enough contact to warrant a ca ll? Did 
John travel before the shot? Was he in 
the lane too long? All this must be 
decided in a split second by our alert 
zebra (assuming he has "perfect" posi-
tion on the play) plus, what about the 
other eight guys on the COUIt? I think 
you get the picture .. . it/s toughter then it 
looks. 

Maybe next time Guy, Ben, Rabe, J.P. 
Gideon, Shaner Rath or any other ref is 
hustling his fanny off trying to do a good 
job in your game, you/II thin k twice 
before bitching about a close ca ll. You 
might even compliment the ref on a 
good game ... it could make his day. 

UCSD Sports Calendar 
This week is a big one in 

a big month for sports at 
UCSD. I ntercollegiately, 
the month only last until 
March 17/ the last day 
before finals begin . 
Nevertheless, there are a 
lot of things happening in a 
short time and many of 
these things are happening 
at home. 

This week runs through 
almost the entire gamut of 
season sports. Tuesday, the 
men/s tennis team swings 
into action with a match 

against Cal State Fullerton. 
They will be trying to even 
up their record at 4-4 for 
the season. The match is at 
the home courts at 3 p .m. 
Tuesday afternoon. The 
home courts, for those of 
you whom are interested, 
happen to be the Courts 
commonly known 3S the 
Muir Courts located 
between the intramural 
fi Id and the Muir 
apartments. 

Th women/s basketball 
t am composed of those 

stars we/ve heard so much 
about, open their home 
season Wednesday against 
Southwetern College. The 
game is scheduled to start 
at 5 in the gym and shou ld 
be a good one. Coach 
Carter will be leading his 
girls, Judy, Aliena, Hilary, 
Diana, et. a/. in their bid for 
their seco nd victory in 
th ir not-so-league 
schedule. 

The UCSD baseball team 
is around and sw inging 
tryinR to get the old winter 

Page,6 Triton Times Tu~sday, March 6, 1973 

Car Rally Set 
For Weekend 

UCSD SCC is putting on 
its third ski" gimmick car 
rally, Hare Today Con 
Tomorrow, Saturday; . 
March 10. A gimmic rally is 
not a test of driving skill or 
a race against timer rather, 
the contestant must follow 
a set of tricky instructions 
over the rally route accor-
ding to a set of often subtle 
rules. Along the way the 
rallyists will be required to 
answer questions which ul-
timately determine the 
winners of the rally. The 
rally has been designed so 
that no one should get lost 
and all should finish the 

rally. 
There are two classes of 

competition: Beginner and 
Experienced. . total of 
twelve trophies will be 
given including a best 3-car 
team trophy. In addition, a 
keg of beer will be given to 
the largest team of cars. 
Registration will take place 
Saturday evening between 
5:30 arid 7:30 with the first 
car out at 7:00. Cost is $2.50 
which includes a free 
handsomely designed dash 
plaque. Further info from 
Pat, Dave or Eric at 755-
6151 or from Andy or Andy 
at 7553147. See you there I 

Tritons Finish 
With Big 
Victory 

If any of the avid readers of this column noticed the 
paucity of "tall ones" roaming the campus last week, it 
was because the Triton basketball team was sunning 
and funning in beautiful Hawaii. One .'!ould expect 
that it would be very easy to forget about studying or 
playing serious basketball in such a distracting environ-
ment, and judging by the scores of the games over 
there, this was indeed the case. But it seemed like the 
week was over almost before it had begun, and the 
Tritons were back once again in their home gym for the 
final game of the year against Pasadena College. 

Although the score (a 97-83 victory) was impressive, 
the style of play led to the thought that many of the 
Tritons left their game at the Point after and on Waikiki 
Beach . .Both teams were running and gunning, but 
unfortunately, for the basketball purists, were guilty of 
much errant passing and ball handling. On the bright 
side were Paul Trainer's 25 points, Gie Simpson/s 19/ 
Pete Henderson's 16, and ace bowler Steve Higgins/s 10 
from off the bench. Frenchy lelevier also had 9 assists 
but he made up for it with his gagging on easy layins. 

It was the Triton/s highest point output of the season 
and the wide open style of play allowed for some 
sparkling passes and scintillating moves. Pasadena did 
not play their best game, but the Tritons were not 
about to lose their last game of the season and finish 
below.500. 

As in any season this one had its highs and losw and 
in betweens. None of the players will forget the eight 
game winning streak, the Hawaii trip, Gie Simpson/s 30 
points, the Cal State Bakersfield gamer Chjirlie and the 
taxi driver, Boom Boom/s and Herb/s jive after practice 
and on the road, the Cal Weatern win, and last but not 
least, Paul Trainer, (!o which he would reply, "False"). 

Thus the year climaxed with a win and the Tritons 
finished with a 13-13 record. The graduating seniors 
would like to wish Coach Reeves and Coach Buchanan 
and returnees Paul Trainer, Steve Higgins, Dave 
Moragne, Ron Werft, and Geoff Kostyshak the best of 
luck for the upcoming season. 

Trainer All District 
Our sources have revealed that Paul Trainer was 

selected to the NAIA '-'II-District Basketba ll Team and 
will participate in an All -Star game in the near future . 
Paul was the Triton/s leading scorer and rebounder all 
year and is well deserving of the honor. The 
wholesome type (when angered he has been known to 
utter such vituperative comments as "darn" and 
"shoot") Paul will be an invaluble asset to Triton 
basketball fortunes in the next two years. 

cobwebs out of their cleats. 
The team has a home game ' 
against USIU also on 
Wednesday . The game 
starts at 2:30 on the home 
field , which is located on 
the other side of the 
freeway, Call the gym for 
more specific directions. 

The logic behind the en-
tire thing is that if men can 
do it, women can do it 
better. The women's tennis 
team, not related to the 
men/s tennis team in any 
way, but doing their thing 
anyway, will be packing the 
rackets .up for a quick trip 

a nd match up at 
Southwestern Thursday. 
The match starts at 3 p .m. 
and Cheryl, Judy, Maria et 
al. are looking forward to 
another smashing victory . 

Some things coming up 
on the weekend include a 
baseball doubleheader 
against Southern California 
College, a track and field 
meet and these will all be 
at home. The most exciting 
event will probably be the 
UCSD Invitational Men's 
swim meet featuring the 
unknown talent of the La 
Jolla Irregulars. 

Whooping Coughs Calpirg ... Continued from page 2 
Immunization against Whooping cough as an infant 

doesn/t assure immunity as an adult, or even beyond 
the age of twelve. In fact its effectiveness is severely 
diminished by twelve years of age and some children 
may never even develop immunity after vaccination . 

Research directed by Dr. James Connor, Associate 
Professor of Pediatrics at UCSD School of Medicine 
may reverse some of this though, 

Dr. Connor and Dr. Rouben Aftandelians, Assistant 
Research Microbiologist, are identifying the means by 
which children, and adults, develop an immunity to 
whooping cough. As part of their investigation they are 
also perfecting a new method for quickly and easily 
diagnosing the disease. 

Whooping cough, known clinically as pertussis, is still 
a big problem, according to Dr. Connor. "There have 
been 75 cases in the last 2V2 years in San Diego", he 
notes. "Among children who have recently received 
the vaccination, 10 to 25 percent develop typical cases 
of the disease. Therefore current means of immunizing 
are not totally effl~ctive." 

Medical research so far has indicated that immuniza-
tion/ el'en when successful, last a relatively short period 
of time in most people. According to Dr. Connor, in 
the period three to five years after the series of baby 
shots 15 to 20 percent of vaccinated children may 
develop whooping cough. This figure increases to 
about 35 percent after five to seven years, and to about 
75 percent in those 12 years or more after full im-
mun ization or a booster. 

While whooping cough is usually considered a 
disease of small infants, it's also one of the more 
commonly unrecognized diseases among adults with 
bronchitis and a severe cough. In adults, however, the 
symptoms are usually less severe. 

"It is known that whooping cough is caused by a 
bacteria which grows in the respiratory tract/" says Dr. 
Connor. "Unfortunately our knowledge of how the 
disease is caused by the bacteria living there is very 
limited ; so is our knowledge about how immunity 
works." 
. In their research Drs. Connor and Aftandelians will 

be looking very closely at these antibodies. They want 
to know exactly how they react with whooping cough 
bacteria as well as where they react. 

. "Our ultimate aim/" says Dr. Connor, "is to develop 
more efficient means of immunizing people or to apply 
the standard method in a different way so that protec-
tion might come earlier and last longer". At present 
infants receive their first vaccination when they are 
about three months old. 

The positions are very important to the success of 
Cal-Pirg. That is why it is important that concerned 
students make the effort of sending an application 
before March 14th. 

Any questions about the election or Cal-Pirg can be 
answered in the Cal-Pirg headquarters at UCSD, the 
Muir fishbowl at X1030. In addition questions can be 
answered by the executive director of Cal-Pirg, Dan 
Franklin, at 236-1509. 

Files ... Continued from page 1 
a letter of recommendation if the student would be 
able to see it. Thus, letters of recommendation are kept 
confidential to give the professors a greater degree of 
liberty in writing them, which ultimately makes them 
more usefuL" 

The Graduate Council, under the request from the 
Chancellor, recently looked in to the ,matter of 
graduate student files .. . Professor David Crowne of the 
literature Department indicated "that some of the 
departments were strongly opposed to open files while 
others were in agreement with this principle." After 
discussion, the Graduate Council authorized Professor 
Crowne to draft a letter to the Chancellor recommen-
ding/ "The need for confidentiality of letters of 
recommendation, but that generally, open files should 
be maintained - in particular, those referring to 
evaluations of students on a quarter-by-quarter basis ." 

It seems in the future that graduate students may be 
allowed more access to their files, but still this is only a 
small step to open files . Under-graduate students on all 
3 campuses have total access to their own files, while 
some of the graduate students are still fighting to get 
partially open files. 

Revelle Ripoff ... 
Continued from page 5 

is servi ng the people, but I tell you, I know what goes on. 
My name is tv,Iark Robertson and I am a member of the 
Revelle College Government. This is my apology to your 
the students of Revelle College. I have trie9 to serve you 
but I hav~_alw~s_been voted down. 

Watson's Letter 
Continued from page 5 
son/s own figures, that 
although there may be 
some limited increased op-
portunities, there is clearly 
no real opportunity at 
Third College to achieve 
that education. 

Brian O'Brien 
Will Wright 

Plus 0111 Hicks Illd 
~Is Hot licks 

FRI .. MAR. 9 - 8 PM 
CommUNty Cone ..... 

Golden Hall 

$5.50, 5, 4.50, 4 
Tickets I' CNIC Theatre 
50. Otfoce, Hoghlonde< 

Men" SlOtH. Metro A~les 
,.,......~KOIG .... 

USE .•. 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car. 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our " Automa-
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer discounts and 
market values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Un ion makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

University & State Emptoyees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286-4210 

Casa Del Poncho 
15% OFF 
Alpaca Ponchos 

(with coupon-one per customer) 
Hours 70 :30-5:00 

1237 Prospect liT" 459-5157 
5521 La Jolla Blvd. 459-9161 

breier sound center 

$11995 
At Breier 

Sound Center 

Here's a 
SON¥-
for people 
on the go! 
SONY TC-45 
DELUXE 
MINIATURE 
BATTERY-
OPERATED 
ACTION-
CORDER 
with Built-In 
Condenser 
Microphone 
and Automatic 
Shut-Off 

Small enough to fit snugly into hand, purse, or attache case, the 
petite SONY TC45 is a true friend that sticks with you all day long 
- at work, school, and play. An ideal traveling companion, it's full 
of the extra performance, value. and dependability that's made SONY 
the first name in tape recorders. 

SONY .~,t!iQ You never heard it so .good.® 

Free Tape R.ecorder Test Clinic 
FRIDAY, MARCH 9th, NOON 1118 p.m. 

Our CliniC ch8CkS Ih8 six common maladies 
Ihal m8Y all your 1808 deck and rOb yOU 01 
lis true D8rlormanC8. 

Head Alignment 
I f the heads in your tape deck 
are out of alignment you'll get 
crosstalk- that disturbing bleed 
of music from another' track. 

HequencyResponse 
Just because you feed all the 
right informatIon into your 
tape deck doesn 't mean that's 
what you're getting back , 

Distortion 
A II recorders create some kind 
of distortion and it increases 
with the signal strength. Your 
deck should have less than ,03% 
distortion at zero V.U. 

Signal·to·Noise 
Since all magnetic tapes now 
available have 8 hiss it's best to 
have 8 high sigNlI-to-noise ratio 
to virtually mask out the hiss. 

Wow & A utter 
These are the names for strange 
sounds created by speed change 
varta t,ons during record ing or 
playback. Should be under .1% 

Speed Accuracy 
Even if the wow and flutter 
check out >3t isfactorily there 
may be some error In the speed 
of the motor, changIng the 
pitch of your recordIngs . 

Any Stereo, Ree/-to-Ree/, AC operated tape deck 
less than 9 years old is welcome to our free tes t. 

Shop Breier Sound Center for: 
AR E -W PI!:tert .. 
AmIt Flaw SAE 
Mil a.rn ..... 
... MIra-II,....., 
enll KLH T .... l1li....... TEAC 

b'reler sound center 
3789 Park Blvd. -298-0173 

Shopping hours 

e Mntlre"'r .. " 8 It A 
e Clnenltlt FII.Klna 
e II -sten Sll'YIct faclllttes 
e Sli O",,'s flnt A •• lo 
eSttn 

n.. Dally 9 to 5:30, Mon. & Frl. 9 to 9 Since 1946 

Page 7 Tuesday, March 6, 1973 Triton Times 



............... ·announcernents .... ~ .. ~ .......... ~ ....... 

Prof. Peter W II) ewski, con-
sidered one 0 1 ~uope's best 
medieval scholars, will give a 
lecture at UCSD at 4 p.m., 
Tues., Mar. 6, 

Wapnewski, a scholar and 
professor, at the Heidel-
berg, Harvard, and Berlin 
Universities, will speak on 
"The Present-Day German 
Novel" in the Informal 
Lounge, the Revelle Com-
mons Bldg. on the Revelle 
College campus. The lec-
ture will be In German. (3/6) 

Tues., Mar. 6, 8:00 p.m., 
1105 BSB - BLACK AFRI-
CA: COMMUNICATIONS 
IDENTITY AND MUL TICO-
DALITY by Dr. Alfred Esi-
matemi Opubor, current Di-
rector of the African Studies 
Center at Michigan State 
University, and has also 
done extens ive work on 
mass media and West Afri-
ca. (3/6) 

Tues., Mar. 6, noon in the 
Revelle Plaza will . bring the 
Women's Liberation Front 
and the United Farmworkers 
joint presentation about I the 
history of the United Farm-
workers. The event is part of 
weeklong presentations in 
celebration of International 
Women's Day. (3/5) 

There will be a ski club meet-
ing Wed. at 6:30 p.m . in 2C 
Room 1110. The tr ip to 
Squaw Valley for the All-Cal 
Spring Carn iva l over the 
spring break will be dis-
cussed. (3/6) 

'. 

FAST CHESS TOURNA-
MENT: Today, Tues., in the 
Revelle North dining hall. 
7:30- 10:30, 10 seconds a 
move!! Come in and see how 
fast you can win a game. En-
try fee 10¢. Please bring your 
own sets. (3/6) 

"UCSD Astronomers" All 
welcome to our meeting to-
night at 7:30 in HL 11 48. We 
will plan activities for next 
quarter. (3/6) 

UCSD Catholic CommunIty 
'Mardlgras'!! Tues., Mar. 6, 
eight p.m. at University Lu-
theran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Friends wel-
come - munchies, mUSIC, 
carnival! Wear costumes, 
masks, or brigh colors. (3/6) 

AI n ...w.n: you .. cor· 
d..., Inwttecl to the .... 
luncheon on T ...... M., I. 
at 12:00 ....,. Plene tie 
prompt. Brtng JOUr lunch. 
(311) 
HATHA YOGA CLASS be-
gins March 6. Meets Tues. 
and Thurs. at noon in the 
Adaptive Physical Educa-
tion Room. Call Mary Bar-
done for additional informa-
tion, 753-2404. (3/6) 

wedn8ld.y 
On Wed., Mar. 7, 1973 Tri-
dent Christian Fellowship (In-
ter Varsity) will meet at 7:30 
p.m. in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Chuck Donhowe 
will lead a Bible study on 
"Sarah." All are welcomed to 
come! (3/6) 

Polynesian Dancing - every 
Wed ., 7:30-8:30 p.m., North 
Balcony of gym. He Noa La-
ni Co. , new student organi-
zation, invites all those inter-
ested to come. (EW) 

Attention Sociology Majors. 
There will be a meeting 
Wed., Mar. 7, 4:00 p.m . at 
Muir Apt. 0 -5. Prof. Clcou-
rei will answer questions re-
lated to sociology and job 
opportunities. (3/6) 

The film, " Salt of the Earth", 
directed by Herbert Biber-
man, regard ing a mine strike 
in New Mexico during the 'fif-
ties, will be shown Wed . at 7 
p.m. in Conference Room A 
in the Chancellor's complex. 
This event is sponsored as 
part of the International Wo-
men's Day celebration . 

PRE-MED WOMEN meet 
with WOMEN PHYSICIANS, 
Wed ., Mar. 7, 7:30 p.m. Time 
and Place to be announced. 
Watch the n . (3/6) 

The Wom en's Liberat ion 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1 :30 every day, and 
people are welcome to d rop 
by Rm. 4 , 250 MC (ext. 
3006). Also WLF has pot-
luck dinners on alternate 
Weds. and Thurs. (Phone: 
459-7280) . All women invit-
ed . (EI) 

PRE-MED WOMEN meet 
FIRST YEAR Women Medi-
cal Students: Wed., Mar. 7, 
at 7:45 a.m . in Winzer Com-

mons. Attend classes, set up 
later meeting for those Inter-
ested. (3/6) 
COMMUNICATIONS 
MAJORS - The Com-
munications Committee 
meets every Wednesday 
morning at 9:00 In Room 17 
in the Third College Provost 
office. These meetings are 
open to all interested com-
munications students . It 
would be to your advantage 
to come and check.out what 
is going on (EW) 
A representative from the 
STANFORD GRADUATE 
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS will 
be on campus the morning of 
Wed., Mar. 7 , in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge, to talk with 
students interested In gra-
duate study in the field of 
bus iness . Info: contact 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, Bldg. 2D, Muir 
College. (3/6) 
There will be a meeting of all 
students interested in Alter-

- native Student Governance 
mechanisms Wed., Mar. 7 at 
2 p.m. - USB 4050A. Come 
ready to actively participate 
in a posipositive manner. 
(3/ 6) 

thursday 
Thurs., Mar. 8 , 4:00 p.m . 
Room 2346 2D Chamber 
Music Festival works by J.S. 
Bach , Handel , Debussy. 
(3/6) 
Thurs., Mar. 8 , Gymnasium, 
Muir College, 8 :00 p.m. Con-
cert of works by Haydn , 
Schubert, Carl Maria von 
Weber, presented by the La 
Holla Civic/Un iversity Or-
chestra and Chorus. UCSD 
students admitted free. (3/6) 

Prof. Stanley Chodorow will 
d iscuss content of Revelle 
Humanities Series at meet-
ing of the UCSD Women, 
Thurs., Mar. 8 at noon, at the 
International Center, MC. A ll 
welcome I (3/ 6 ) 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p .m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 
Thurs. Noon: Free Speech 
Area at Muir. Rally to cele-
brate International Women's 
Day. (3/6) 

Thurs., Mar. 8, 8 :00 p.m., 
1105 BSB - SEX AND VI-
OLENCE: Arousal Research 
in Visual Communication, by 
Dr. Percy Tannembaum, a 
leading internationally known 
figure In Communication re-
search . He is a Professor In 
Public PoliCy and also a Re-
search Psychologist at the 
Institute for Human Learn-
Ing. (3/6) 
Thurs., 7:30 In 20 2250, 
Joyce Maupin, a represen-
tative from UNION WAGE, 
will speak about work in pro-
gress on establishing wo-
men's rights and equal com-
pensation . (3/6) 
STUDENT LOBBY ANNEX 
- Jamoa Moberley, UCSD's 
intern to the UC Student Lob-
by in Sacramento, will be 
meeting with all those inter-
ested in lobby work and the 
intern program, Thurs .. Mar. 
a, 3 p .m., 2A-2250. This 
meeting is mandatory for 
anyone who might be inter-
interested in becoming an in-
tern for next quarter. (3/6) 
ATTENTION Pre-law juniors 
- If you are interested in im-
proving your writing and ver-
bal test skills there is a class 
to help. For information con-
tact Susie Jacobs in 2D-
2024 on Tues., Thurs., and 
Fri., or call X- 1944. (3/13) 

The Rhythmic Exercise Club 
is a new club organized pri-
marily for those students, fa-
culty, staff, and wives who 
wish to participate In such a 
class but cannot do so dur-
ing the day. Meetings will be 
held on Thurs. from 7:30 to 9 
p.m. in the Aadptive Room. 
For information contact Re-
nee or Barbara at Ext. 2282. 
(3/6) 

The Triton Wargemlng So· 
clety meet. eyery Thu,.· 
dey night In Room Muir 2C· 
1110. The room I. ou,. 
from 8 on end we .tay en 
night. All welcome to come 
end pley geme •• (EI) 

PRE-MED WOMEN: Retest-
ing Time is Thurs., Mar. 15. 
Program will be evaluated. 
Your assistance and partici-
pation is both necessary and 
Invaluable. BSB, 1st floor 
lecture hall, 5-7 :30 p.m., 
bring a sandwich, etc. (3/6) 

g.n .... 1 
The Bid Whist Club of UCSD 
invites you to attend a bid 
whist tournament, Fri., Mar. 
9, 8:00 p.m., In the Revelle 
Cafeteria. First Place prize 
will be 540 and second place 
will be 510. Sign-up will be at 
the bulletin board outside the 
gym office, for first 50 teams. 
Come if you think you're badl 
Admission: 51 . (3/9) 

Writing Clinic is open. Ex-
perienced tutors will read 
your rough draft papers or 
help you with other writing 
problems such as propo-
sals, applications, etc. You 
can make appointments by 
calling X2401 or go to the 6th 
floor of Bldg. 20. (3/16) 

Anyone interested in be-
coming a tutor In the Lit. 10 
writing program in Fall, '73 is 
invited to apply now and start 
your training in the spring 
quarter. You must have a 3.0 
GPA and 84 units by the end 
of this quarter. Contact Su-
zie Jacobs if you are curious 
or interested. X1944 or 2D, 
2024. (3/16) 

SIGN UP for a new course 
offered Spring Quarter, "lit-
erature of the Women 's 
Movement." Contact Profs. 
Helen Longino, Xl022; Su-
san Kirkpatrick, X2006; or 
Gail Omvedt, Sociology. The 
course will include recent 
writings and works of femi-
nist \:lroups across the coun-
try. (3/9) 

A list of Revelle Seniors who 
have announced to gradu-
ate at the end of Winter '73 is 
posted outside the Revelle 
College Provost Office . 
Those students who have an-
nounced to graduate should 
check the list to make sure 
their names are on it. (3/ 16) 

OPEN AUDITIONS for Ar-
thur Wagner's production of 
"The Rimers of Eldritch" to 
be offered in Mayas part of 
the UCSD Theatre Season. 
Set in a small mid-western 
town , the play tells a tale of 
murder, intolerance and in-
justice. Aud itions will be held 
in the UCSD Theatre on 
MOA., Mar. 12 at 4:00 and 
7:30 p.m. (3/9) 

Tickets for the All-Cal Spring 
Carnival ski spree at Squaw 
Valley will be sold from 11-
1:00 on Mon., Wed., Fri., and 
from 11-3:00 on Tues. and 
Thurs. at EDNA. The price Is 
575.00 and sign-ups are li-
mited. For more Info call 
EDNA or come to the next ski 
club meeting. (3/16) 

A representative from the A-
TOMIC ENERGY COMMIS-
SION will be on campus Fri., 
Mar. 9 to Interview students 
In the following areas: 1) 
Accountlng/ Auditor Train-
ee, 2) Engineering Trainee, 
3) Technical Trainee, 4) En-
gineering Trainee,S) Man-
agement Trainee . To ar-
range your interview, come 
to Career-Education Plan-
ning Sevices, Bldg. 2D, Muir 
College. (3/6) 

How would you like to help 
put some direction into your 
education at UCSD, both for 
yourself and for others? The 
Course and Professor Eval-
uations needs you to coor-
dinate the distribution of 
questionnaires in the de-
partment of your choice. If 
you are interested, please 
call X2516 or come by our 
office in the Lower Muir 
Commons. Thanks. (3/9) 

A computer run of all under-
graduate students at UCSD 
is now available in the Dean's 
office at Muir College. Any-
one looking for rides or car-
pools with people in their a-
rea can look up their zip-
code and find names, ad-
dresses and phone numbers 
of all other UCSD students in 
that area. (3/30) 

Attention Muir Graduating 
Seniors: If you are interest-
ed in planning Commence-
ment exercises for gradua-
graduating seniors, please 
come to the Muir Dean's 
Olfice (2D, 2125) and sign 
up with Claire. (3/6) 

COME, a participatory event 
by THE DOZEN. Another Jef 
Raskin (not again !) Produc-
tion. UCSD Gallery, Huma-
nities Library Bldg. Tues., 
Mar. 6, 2:00-7:00; Thurs., 
Mar. 8, 2:00-7:00; Fri., Mar. 
9, 8:00. (3/6) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~ents ~rourselves~~~~ 
services 

Creallve gUllar class for begInners. 
non'beglnners Learn basIC tools that 
WIll help you onnor·vlse Ihe mUSIC of 
your heart. Call Jon Glasoer. 295-7709 
mornIngs only (316) 

BMWSAAB 
CONTtNENTAL MOTORS 

601 So HIli 
Oceanside 722-8114 
We servIce all makes 
01 foreIgn cars (1/30) 

TYPIST: Exp. Th~. Reports. Term 
Papers. Misc. so. . pt. Bealroce Lynch. 
753·7356. (3116 

TypIng terms pa >er'. theses. experi-
enced IBM Sel'ctrjc If. 453-8146 
(3113) 

Income tax ser flee DIscount for 
students. 8ta" 0 f. culty 755-8226 
aner 2. (4113) 

French MOrIng or hnals and profl· 
ciency lests cal' Barbara. 755-7192 
(316) 

BIOlogy senIor d'1IOrbS part lIme work 
as an elec1ronIC8 leah 8 years exp In 
solid stale analog and digital corcull 
troubleshoo1Jng. callbraUon and pro 
!oIype work. Own loots 453-5636 allm 
6 (316) 

Exper1 Typong - 5 yrs axperoence on 
all IYpes 01 papers Fa I rvoca Ea· 
cellenl grammer and spellong 5Ot1 PO 
Claoremon1 area IBM S rIC Call 
565-7060 (31 ) 

lost and found 
LOSI by Ihe machines by 2C; a 
makeup·IYpe purse; mainly purple 
Con1alned a change purse and pa· 
pers Call 454 -7041 (319) 

LOSI' Leather shoulder bag in H L Au· 
dllorlum. Thurs nlghl during Chem 
103 lest. Call 453-9494 (319) 

LOSI in Revelle P&za or between Re· 
velie & MUIr, Fortis W"SI walch. nylon 
band. $5 reward. 2732638 (319) 

Lost. Important manilla envelope With 
pholographs inSIde. Evolu!ion at stake 
Call Mary Hully. X1926. (319) 

LOSI' Gold watch fob, sphinx design. 
$5 reward. 459-7551 aher 5:30. (319) 

Lost: DG&H Chemlslry Text In 2722 
Mon . 2126. Please brIng to class or 
call 273-0352 eves. (319) 

Lost: Lipids. Malnutrition & Develop-
Ing BraIn by \,00" r ""nda I"~ I"ln Re-
velle Doane. 755-6338 (319) 

lOSI' Brown Pendlelon,slYle shirt. on 
Revelle. 453-·4768. Dave (319) 

Found: Pair 01 man's sandals. al 
baskelball courts near gym 453-9238 
(3/6) 

Losr 35mm camera (Canon TL-OL) 
has green carryIng case If found call 
565·6427 REWARD' (3IG) 

Found prescroptoan gl_, 2nd floor 
2A TIme 12 55 D81e: 2128/73 See 
Campus PolIce (316) 

LOSI Brown down J8Cket on soccer 
to Id Please relurn 10 E- 141ooga (316) 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, March 6,1973 

Lost· Lady's ring. pearl In gold senlng 
- In 4th floor balhroom of Cenl lib 
Cail 460-6169 (col1ecl) REWARD. 
(3/6) 

Lost Three-monlh old caramel-
colored temer Near 20. 5 p.m .. Wed .• 
Feb. 26. Conlact JamIe Grunberg, 
X1901. (316) 

Lost. Blk. broefcase. Fri. 2123 Worth-
less excepl for P. Baer . owner. 
grievIng. 755·6654 or X·1221 (3/6) 

housing 
For rent House. new. 2 BR unf .• 
ad ults. no pets, $ 175. Encinitas, c all 
collect (213) 674-e 535 aves (3116) 

$70 mo + ull1 own room In Encin itas 
house for spr qtr 753·51 07 after 6 
pm (319) 

Slud ent roommate wanted. $55. 713 
Ostand Ct.. MB. One hse Ir beach -
488-6136. Timl Glen. (316) 

WIlly female room male needed 10 
shere Del Mar beach house. $BO a 
month. Call 755-21 48 (316) 

Need sev. fem 10 ahare house w. vew 
on Soledad MI. $501 mo. & uill.. til 
summer 1627 Am alfl. (316) 

Needed : Male o r Female Hou e -
matn . S651mo in Del Mar. 755-7871 . 
(3/6) 

Roommale needed lor N Park house 
Yard, garage 555. 29 t ·541 t (3/6 ) 

Share large beautiful haute in La Jotla 
Ocean v_. extras. 272·8327. (3/6 ) 
House 10 ahare Unlve~ Coty. $85 
Incl u I 453-2. 5 t (316) 

travel 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND. No more 
club fees I 50 Departures. also NYC. 
Japan & Auslraloa. Youth Fares. 100. 
SInGe 19 59: ISTC. 323 N Beverly Dr .. 
Beverly Hills, ca. 90210. (213) 275· 
8160 (5/29) 

personall 
Happy Birthday Jerry. I musl have your 
body lonlght. I'm insatiably. wickedly 
wanlon for your body. Love. Harryll 
(316) • 

wanted 
Ride needed: 10 Salem, Oregon and 
re!Urn. Ready to go March 21st eve· 
nlng . Carla. 453·6768. (3116) 

Wanted : The large county map 
"borrowed" from the housing o"lce 
durong lunch time. Fri , 23rd. Please reo 
reMn - no questions asked. Re· 
ward (3/6) 

Ride needed back east - Dartmouth 
area. Would preler 10 . top In Michigan 
lor a day 0< two. Contact or leave a 
message' Dave .53·6352. (316) 

Want 4 Mini Cooper S 41'1·lnch wide 
rims In reasonable shape and for rea-
sonable cost. 753- 1569 aher 6. (316) 

Wanted: Volunteers to Mor Chicano 
chIldren in La Jolla. call Susan Fergu-
IOn. 454 -2543. (316) 

Revelle Residant Dean'. OHlce II Infer-
v_lng lor the Summ r OrlentallOn 
Leeder and Summer Reto<:tanl Advi-
sor job Board and Room and lele-
phone lor eight weeks I. salary Plea58 
pick up apptlcellon al Studenl Employ-
ment (319) 

for lale 
1970 vw bus with camper bed. wide 
oval tores, $ 1395. 753-0831 evenings. 
(319) 

For sale: 1 150 ml beaker in exchange 
for 1 nned . and 1 large watchglass or 
offer call 563-6253, Susan. (319) 

Conn Connstellalion Trumpat. Exc. 
condo will sac. al $250. Accessories. 
etc. 755-3623. (319) 

Bowman Calculalor, 6-d igit display. 
flosting deCimal, constanl, overllow-
recharg., C. case - two weeks old. 
$140. John. 222-79tO. (319) 

FNATASTIC. '64 Dodga Dart V8 Auto. 
Fasl. Exc. Cond .. Super Reliable. Ra-
dials, $600. 755·3147 , Paul. (316) 

272-7590 Double Bed & Fra"". $15. 
Surlboard Conn 71'1' $35. AM-FM Car 
Radio. Solidstale. $40. (Eve • . ) (316) 

'69 Opel GT Blue wi black Int. Konis, 
Lucas. AM-FM Stereo Tape. Exheu I. 
Sprints. 755-3823. (316) 

Sony TC-630 4-track tape recorder. 7" 
Reels - Prof. Retailed $500. .53-
9543. (3/6) 

Ledles Handbagt: 1 new liligetor 
clUIch bag. brown, sacrifoca $20.00. 1 
mal finish BL glove leather 510.00. 
273-679t . (316) 
Sculptors' Wanl V. ton 01 FREE Steel 
Scr p? Odd shapes. sizes Taka It ' 
away! 755-8682 eV88. (3/11) 
f97 1 Toyota Corolla Station Wagon 
Very Nlcel Only 51 ,450 Cafl 273-
6096 20 I 1 Thomas Ave (3111) 

VW TN " ngle cab. 1600 Engine 
excel CondItion. GIll 486-7205. (316) 

Sooper BIcycle Lock and Kurly Kable. 
$1 4 value. yours for $10. Don'l lel them 
rip olf your scooter. Gandhi MacWong , 
453·5346. (316) 

Grelch Rogue amphller. Superb con-
dllion - echo chamber. reverb. tre-
molo. $ 165. Meteor 453, 453-6902. 
(316) 

Maron 0 · 26, GibSon ES 125 Epi-
phone elec.. FENDER AMP Oan, 
453·5253, A-45 Tenaya. (316) 

Har" 'lnY Electric Guijar: il has 3 plck-
upe and really good action. Must sell , 
S6S.00. call Gary ., 453-0886. (316) 

'61 Olds "98" All Power good transpor-
lation, some trans. problems .. 5150 
See John In Beagle Hall No. 206. (3/6) 

Aulo-Nlkkor 50mm fll .4 lens & hood, 
perfecl cond., bargain 81 $100. Jon. 
453·5346. (316) 

Seiling D. bed ~10. T. bed S7. bureeu 
$10. plano 5200 or besl oHer, 453-
7041 alter 5. (3/6) 

SALE - wall bOOksheivetl. bamboo 
bar wfllghts, helchcover table white 
leather sofa. 2eo,4253. (3/6) 
Thl. car haa balls - '86 Opel Kadet, 
$450. Need, workI gel . eng-c1u1ch 
46ml rdl h1r1 stereo! balla. 753·5107. 
(319) 
Bole 90 1 apeaker • . Perfect condition. 
5210. 565-2781. (318) 
'66 Chev., V-8 283, 3-apeed. $525. 
Call .nd leave nerne Ind metMge 81 
X 1044. (316) 
1968 v w. Futback 40,000 milel on 
engine. 51000 or beSt reeeonlbio 
olf". 729--8588 (3/6) 

'72 VW Squareback. Air cond , FM 
Slereo L88Ylng _" mutt MIl. 
273-7892 _ (318) 


