
Volume 18, Number 2 

Skyjacking and 
Individual Rights 

Rick Drom 

Air travel may never be the same. Because of new 
anti-skyjacking regulations, a plane seat' is a privilege 
and not a right. 

In the past the only protection from an unscheduled 
trip to Cuba was the "skyjacker profile." This closely 
guarded set of descriptions was suppoed to identify 
how a potential skyjacker would behave. 

In addition "skymarhshalls" were sent on a fraction 
of the flights each day. The undercover cops flew in 
hopes of arresting a skyjacker in the act. 

The value of the past controls can be seen the great 
strength of the present controls. Even though an airline 
official recently boasted that air travel was the safest 
and surest way to travel" with a safety record of better 
than 99.999%, new regulations to prevent skyjackings 
were needed. 

The present regulations, which became mandatory 
for all airlines and terminals last week, are much more 
thorough than ever before. 

H~nd LUS8~ge Thoroughly Se~rched 
Now all hand luggage is thoroughly searched. 

Everything from a handbag to a suitcase to a tiny sewing 
kit is examined . This was especially inconvenient 
during the holidays when all packages, including 
wrapped gifts were unwrapped and searched. 

Even luggage which is locked in the baggage com-
partment is now thoroughly inspected. It is either 
searched by hand or it is fluoroscoped. Fluoroscoping 
and x-raying will not only detect guns, knives or 
bombs, but photographic film as well. This lesson was 
learned the hard way to the chagrin of some air 
passengers. 

But the most unique phase of the new regulations is 
the extent to which airline officials now search each 
passenger for weapons. Before entering the waiting 
gate each passenger walks through a metal detector. It 
is adjusted so that loose change and keys will not affect 
it. But it is set so that other bits of metal , like a gun, will 
cause it to sound an alarm. 

AI~rm Tripped By Shr.nel 
last week a man repeatedly tripped one of these 

alarms. He emptied all the change from his pockets, 
took off his belt with a metal buckle, and still the 
machine sounded. It turned out that the man was a 
veteran of World War II and that he still had some 
pieces of shrapnel in his body. He was finally allowed to 
board. 

Other passengers are confounded by metal-rimmed 
glasses, buckles on their shoes, or watches. Few realize 
that there are metal supports in their shoes or in their 
purses until a buzzer squacks during one of these 
inspections. 

When a passenger is "caught" he is made to feel 
almost like a criminal. Fellow passengers look up and 
stare. Though they are just curious, the poor victim 
feels as if he were on trial and must prove his in-
nocence. 

Psychologic~llm~ct rhnt 
In fact, one of the best features the present system 

seems to be its psychological ftnpact . A potential 
skyjacker could never be really s whether he could 
even board the plane. More im~antly, because of 
the obvious use of metal detectoo and armed police-
ment to guard the boarding rooms, passengers 
generally feel safer. 

Though air fares will probably go up to pay for the 
increased services, many passengers don't mind. They 
feel that it is a small price to pay to ensure that their 
flight will not be the scene of a deadly shoot-out in the 
sky. On a recent flight on Ethiopian Airlines, seven 
skyjackers were shot and seven passengers were 
wounded in a wild hoot-out in which a hand grenade 
added. to the le rror. 

But is the present system fool-proofl Would present 
devices detect a plastic explosive 'bomb or a fiberglass 
knifel If a man really wanted to skyjack a plane, 
couldn't he just grab a. passenger or a stewardess' ne k 
and threaten to strangle them? 

Though very elaborate, ev n pr sent security 
m asures can nev r b perfect. A madman can still, if 
he is lever enough, threaten th lives of hundr ds of 
oth r people. The ne d for stricter regulations are 
more than anything Is just a sign of the times. 

University of California, San Diego 

Beginning, intermediate and advanced classes in 
ceramics will be given daily in the crafts center 
adjacent to Bonner Hall. 
Ceramics Offerings 
Ceramics classes ' are still open to students and 

faculty . Beginning, intermediate and advanced instruc-
tions are being offered in three hour classes, meeting 
once a week. Interested students can sign up with John 
Annaloro at the center located north of Bonner Hall on 
Revelle Campus. The cost for materials is fifteen dollars 
and the class is no credit. 

Beginning cermaics offers an introduction to glazes, 
throwing and the ceramics process. The historical and 
aesthetic background of ceramic arts will also be 
presented. Instruction in the technical skills of 
centeri ng and the fundamentals of clay forming will 
also be included in this class, along with an introduc-
tion to the potter's wheel, glazes and kilns. 

Intermediate ceramics offers instruction in ceramics 
form and its relation to function . Inking, specific 
shaping, throwing into a hump, setting, joining, and 
throwing pieces are the primary technical skills taught 
at this level. An introduction to glaze mi ing and kiln 
loading is also included. 

Advanced Ceramics off~rs instruction in throwing 
large pieces, production potting, glaze formulat ion, 
kiln loading and firing. Several different types of studio 
practices are also taught at this level and independent 
study is encouraged. The open classes are the 
following : 

BEGINNING CERAMICS: 
Mond~y 2-5 PM •••••••••••••••••• W. Oberschulte 
Tuesd~y 11-2 PM ...................... J. Annaloro 
Wednesda}' 8-11 PM •••••••••••••••••• J. Annaloro 
Thursd~y 8-11 PM ......................... L Fuchs 

Sund~y 2-5 PM ••••••••••••••••••••• •• J. Ann~loro 
INTERMEDIA TE CERAMICS: 
Tuesd~y 2-5 PM ••••••••••••••••••••••• J. Ann~loro 
Wednesd~y 11-2 PM .••••••••••••••••• J. Annaloro 
~ursd~y 11-2 PM ..................... J. Ann~loro 

ADVANCED CERAMICS: 
Tuesd~y 7-10 PM ...................... J. Ann~loro 

Mad School Post Open 
Greg Hicks 

As a result of expansion of years served as both 
of UCSD health science ac- Dean of the Medical 
tivities Dr. Clifford Grobs- S c h 0 0 I and Vic e 
tein will remain Vice Chancellor of Health 
Chancellor of Health Sciences before the expan-
Sciences, but will leave his sion of the latter office.) 
post as Dean of the School 
of Medicine. Dr. Grobstein 
will coordinate such ac-
tivities as broadened 
biomedical and health care 
research and programs to 
train physician's assistants. 
Plans are being considered 
to set up dental and 
veterinarian training 
facilities. In Dr. Grobstein's 
e timation, the expanded 
activities will result in a 
greater opportunity for an 
individual to get health 
professional training, and 
ultimately lead to better 
health car services for 
people in th community. 

As a r ult of Dr . 
Grobstein's leaving his post 
as Dean, a arch has 
b gun for andidat s for 
the position of Dean of the 
Medi al S hool. (Dr. 
Grobstein has for a number 

In order 10 find the best 
individual for the job, a 
search committee has been 
formed to draw up a list of 
suitable candidates for the 
position . Dr . Grobstein 
stat d that this committee 
is composed of five 
memb rs from the School 
of Medicine, and one in-
dividual who is not 
asso iated with the medical 
school. Dr. Wh eler has 
be n appointed chairman 
of the committ e . Dr. 
Wheeler stat d that there is 
" no formal method of stu-
dent con ultation" on ap-
propriat candidate for 
Ihe po it ion How v r, a-
cording to Dr. Grob tin, 
th tudents " hav an in-
put to the committ "If 
th y d ir to voi th ir 

continued on page 2 

Friday, January 12, 1973 

(Another) Dope Bust 
Matt Potter 

The precedent- Apartments and Harvey 
shattering arrests by cam- Sherman, a University Ex-
pus police of a John Muir tension student. According 
College student and an to reports by the campus 
overnight guest on felony poli ce, suspicion was 
charges of cultivating aroused a day previous to 
marijuana apparently th arrests when the of-
caught by surprise those ficers were called to the 
who previously had con- apartment to investigate 
sidered themselves in alleged fireworks 
positions of responsibility violations. On that visit to 
for such matters. " Never in the apartment marijuana 
the history of the college plants were seen growing 
have there been arrests like in the window. 
these", commented Cleo Daniels commented that 
Malone, Muir College's he has noticed an increase 
Resident Dean. level of activity on the part 

"Prior to now there's of Ihe campus police. Cam-
been an understanding pus police chief Torrens 
between us and the cam- denied Daniels' Clllegation, 
pus police that if they and further denied the 
suspect something, they resident assistant 's claim 
co ntact me and I in- that the reasons the arrests 
vestigate and take proper were made at this time was 
disciplinary action through "because the campus 
administrative channels." police were 'embarrassed 

Malone was not present by the undercover busts 
when the suspects were over at Revelle last quarter. 
taken into custody. "When They had to save face ." 
I got there, they were get- " A b sol ute I y not , " 
ting dressed and the police Torrens replied . "We've 
were carrying the plants had no pressure from the 
out of the room." Malone's outside to clean up the 
assistant, Harvey Daniels, campus." Torrens declined 
wa the only membp.r of comment on the all gation 
the Residential Dean 's staff that the police officers in-
on hand throughout the volved in the incident were 
incident. green, overzealous, and 

"Officer Martin came to unfamiliar with the usual 
me about one A.M. or so," administrative disciplinary 
Daniels related. " He told procedures. "1'11 have to 
me to hang around a while take full responsibility for 
because a bust was immi- this. There was no sargeant 
nent. 'His partner, Miller, on duty when the officers 
was looking for Cleo, but made the arrests," Torrens 
he said he wasn 't having staled in a recent inter-
any luck finding him . view. He emphasized that 
While we were waiting for the policy to proceed 
Miller to get back I in- through administrative dis-
formed Officer Martin that ciplinary channels if 
usually we handled th ings University regulations are 
like this through the ad- violated is still in force. "I 
ministration. Martin said, know this incident destroys 
' Yeah, but in this case much of the rapport we've 
we 've determined you're been trying to build 
ineffective, and we're between the students and 
going to take care of this the campus police, but the 
particular case ourselves.' plants were out there in 

Arrested were Uncolln the window and the officer 
Cushing, of N-4 Muir had to do his duty." 

Radical Coalition 
Teach-In 

The Radical Coalition of UCSD i planning a Teach-In 
to inform all members of the university community 
about the current politics and proposals manifesting 
themselves and occurring in South ast Asia. 

The Teach- In tobe held in the Revelle Cafeteria at 8 
p.m. on the consecutive evening of Jan. 16, 17 and 18, 
will encompass different a pects of th pr s nt In-
dochin e situation . 

Planned for the first evening, Tue$day, Jan. 16, are 
speaker Herb rt Marcuse professor erreritus in UC 0 ' 
o partm nt of Philo ophy, and Herb rt Shiller, 
m mber of the 0 partm nt of CommJnications here . 

Also planned for the first evening I film pr ented 
by th Vietnam Vet ran Against th Nar along with 
sp ak r from that group. 

Wedne day ev ning, the IPC will pr sent a lid 
how th t deal with th con mi,." ~ '. '" .1. .. \J ! • 

war and th m chan ized warfar that ha re ult d from 
th e onomi advantag of wartim indu try. 

In conjun tion with th !P lid how, lh r will 
a p c~ from th Rad i al Coalition and tap mad b 
a Vi tnam m di who died in th fj Id . 

On Thur day, Bann ing Garr tt , a m m r of th ia 
INformation r i and a writ r (or R MPART , will 

continu d on p.ge 2 



~IEL~'CT~I[) ~1i'()Vlr~ 
Communications 

Major? 
There will be an important meeting for all Com-

munications majors on Tuesday, January 16 at 4 p.m. in 
Conference Room l11A in the Matthews Campus 
Chancellor's complex. The direction of the program 
will be discussed. 

Chinese 
Commu'nications 

The Third College Communications Program is spon-
soring a lecture entitled " Chinese Communication and 
the Cultural Revolution" by Dr. Dallas W. Smythe, on 
Wednesday, January 17 at 8 p.m. in the HL Aud . 
Revelle. Lecture is free and open to the public. Dr. 
Smythe is a former Chief Economist for the U.S. Federal 
Communications Commission . 

Linguistics Offering 
L<lnguage 159 - Introduction to Mandarin Chinese 

for Cantonese Speakers Description - Systematic 
appfoach to differences between MANDARIN AND 
Cantonese (sou nd, vocabulary, grammar and writing) 
through lectures, recitation sessions and laboratory. 
Specifically designed to facilitate the transition from 
Cantonese to MA DARIN. Prerequis ite : Chinese 154 
or equivalent. 

Native American 
Courses Offered 

Registration for two Native American Studies cou rses 
is still open. Lehman Brightman, originator of UC 
Berkeley's Native American Studies Department, will 
be teaching "U.S. Territorial Expansion Policy vs. Indian 
Removal and Conflict" and "The Native American in 
Contemporary Problems." 

"The Native American in Contemporary Problems" is 
designed to give the student a working knowledge of 
problems and issues faced by the NATIVE AMERICAN 
TODA Y. This course will examine the history of the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs and the U.S. Public Health 
Service as it affects Native Amer icans Physic.a l , 
political, and socioeconomic aspects of Indian reser-
vations will also be presented in this course, along with 
urban problems Native Americans presently face. The 
relocation system and Indian education are also topics 
included in the course. 

"The Native American Contemporary Society," Third 
World Studies Course 103, meets Tuesdays from 3 to 5 
in USB 3070. 'The course code is 6415. 

"U.S. Territorial Expanison Policy vs. Indian Removal 
and Conflict" will cover territorial expansion of the 
U.S. during the period 1830-1934. It focuses upon the 
Indian Americans residing east of the Mississippi River, 
west of the Mississippi by the Federal Government. The 
widespread effects of the Indian Removal Act upon 
Native Americans will be examined. The historical 
effects o f Reconstruction upon Native Ameri ca ns will 
also be studied. 

"U.S. Expansion Pol icy vs. Indian Removal and 
Conflict", Third World Studies 102, meets Monday 
from 3 to 5 in HL 1145. The course code is 6414. 

If you are interested in signing up for these courses. 
register early ne> t week. 

~ I 11111111111111111111 11111111111 11M 1111111111111 1111111111111111111111 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! I Applications for I 
I Assist nl City Editor I 
§ are n ow being accepted ~ I Qualifications: ! 

~ - Vvriting ability ~ 
i - Typing Skills i 

~ - Correct Spelling ~ 
i Ability to work with people i 

~ See Carrie Monday 11-2 p.m. i 

.................... 

~UllENTH~ 

lor the 
ACADEM IC YEAR 1972-73 

....... 

•••• • 

Delna ' Miscellany of Uu/ulln/umIDflOn !hoUlh lOme of Dubious nltrll . mcludirt fidn 
of the: Ocean. AitrolOlical PrcdkltOni. Enlc't"nJ~ Rtmarlct , PhaXJ of the Moon.lfablu 
of the Grunion, Pithy and Scientific: Ob~rvafWJIIJ. TOlclher With X'",N:UtJ for "'"Chy 
Allmenll, both Cn\'t and trIVial . 'nd I Comp"" ExplDfUlllMI or Ille Stutknt He;lth 
Srn'lcc and Iht SuppLemenlallnwrance Prol nm 

Embcllish 'd" Ilh IIIu51ralions 
. and 

Newly Sci into T ype (, Printed 
1:."~pr • .<sl!l for Ihc 5tudents of Ibe Unive",lv o f Caldornla al San DIego 

Health Almanac 
The UCSD Health Almanac is available from the 
Student Health Service at 302 Me. 

The 1972-73 edition of 
the Student Health Service 
handbook for students is 
out at last, and it's free. 
Now called The Student 
Health Almanac, it has 
been expanded to provide 
UCSD students with a good 
deal of useful and unusual 
information. 

............. 

Mad School... 
continued from page 1 

preferences. 
According to Chance llor 

McElroy, the function of 
the Dean is to attract high 
quality personnel to UCSD, 
maintain the camp us 
hospital, and supervise the 
training of medical 
students and interns. The 
Chancellor states that by 
the end of January the list 
of candidates should be 
narrowed to four , or five, 
after wh ich time a final 
decision will be made. 

Besides expla ining what 
the Student Health Center 
can do for students and 
how the health insurance 
plan operates, the Almanac 
offers information and ad-
vice on everything from 
snakebite to ch ildbirth and 
how to make an omelet, 
the g run ion runs, and 1r!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 
astrological forecasts. 

Undergrads living in 
dorms will automatically 
get copies from their resi-
dent dean's office. Copies 
for graduate students can 
be picked up from the ad-
ministrative offices of the 
Dean of Graduate Studies. 
510, or the School of 
Medici ne. 

Free copies are also 
available at the Student 
Health Ce nter , 302 
Matthews, or cut out this 
announcement and send it 
to the center with your 
name and address and on 
will b mail d to you. 

Enrollment in the health 
insuranc plan for 
dependents of students is 
now op n again until 
February 25. Information 
and applications may be 
obtain d from the Center. 
ext. 1346. 

FEATUR~ 
WE ENTtRF 
LEVI LINE AT 
REASONABLE 
PRICES-JUST 

SMIN. FROM 
THE CAMPUS 

~. 
13303 POWAY ROAD. POWAY 
' .. I GDIAIID. LA JOLLA 
1025 BOSECMNS, PODfT 10MA 
l ISt CAMDfO DEL MAJI § Tuesday 12-2 = 

511111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 1111111 II 1111111111111 II II 11111111111111111111111 ","I~ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i!J ~m::EIiJ.-s:s:s._lISSImllilllOl.'U-P 
Page 2 Triton Times Friday, January 12, 1973 

Media Workshop 
Offered · 

Interdisciplinary St udies is offering a media 
workshop on Thursday evening from 5-7 p.m. in USB 
303B. Bob Lawrence, a Union reporter,' will teach the 
mechanics of newspaper writing and the techniques of 
media production. The course is open to any students 
interested in writing for the Triton Times. Much of the 
work will be done outside of class through reporting 
on different events and receiving training in various 
aspects of newspaper production. Add/drop cards will 
be signed Thursday in class. No previous experience is 
necessary . 

Teach In ... continued from pilge 1 
give a ta lk deta il i ng the progress of the peace 
negotiations. 

Along with the Garrett speech, there will be a Radical 
Coalition speaker and a "Guerilla" theatre presenta-
tion by the Radical Coalition members. 

The three evening Teach-In will be open-ended and 
there will be a question-and-answer period following 
the major presentations each evening. 

Radical Coalition members hope that following the 
question-and-answer periods that there will be in-
terested people who want to break up into smaller 
groups and participate in group discussions. 

r:·:·:··:·:·:·:·:·:·:·'!~i{~:·:·:·:·:·:·:·::·:·I! 
m: to cover UCSD Women's activities m: 

~~~: and the Affirmative Action Program J 
~~~. 00 experience or background m 
:~:: necessary :~: 
~~~. See Carny at the TT office m 
~~~ Monday or Tuesday between 12 & 2 ~~~ 
::::-:.:.;.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~~. 

Special Gue.1 Slar ~ ~ 
IntrodUCinC~ ~ 

lUI., JAI. 1. 8 P. M. 
SAl DIEGI CIMIIIITY C.ICIIIIE 

TlCK£TS , $4.50 IN ADVANCE $S.SO DAY or SHOW 
lleMets available It III HI,hllntter Men 's SIorU1 all Metro Tlcht Alencl ... the Clvlc.Theater 80l OWco.t Third and " 8" Stlt,\. ror Information .111 23 .. 6S10 

I'rodlHl'd h\l f (,'\( IHI ''''''''(1( "II .... 

i···· ·R:::.:: :!;:::e· ::.~: ... ·i And 
.+ The 
: triton times 

present 
The First Annual 
WHALE HUNT 

The grey whales are making their yearfy 
migration south and now's the time to see them 
up close. Come join the expedition to the sea. 
Fifty- three people will sally forth on Saturday, 
January 20th for a two-hour trip to search for 
this magnificent mammal. The cost is being 
defrayed by us but we request $1 per person to 
help cover expenses. 

Don't Miss It! 
You'll get a chance to see the g rey whale in 

its naturaJ environm nt as it swims south for the 
wint r. 

Sign up ilt Revelle Residents Office 
$1,00 musl be p;lIid In advance i 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

II 

'I'M I I ADY •.. WHEIL ME IN " 

The opinion. expre.sed on these page. are those of the outho .. whale name. appear in fhe byline. and do not 
necessarily reflect the views 'of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone de.iri ng to submit material to be published on these pages 
should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Holi. UCSD. 

Who Won 
What War? 

TIME. february 4.1946 
A lot of G.l.s are wondering why they 

ever had to fight the war. Some results of 
an Army poll of 17,000 U.S. troops 
sta tioned in Germany. taken last fall and 
published last week : 

51 % believed Hitler had done the 
Reich a lot of good between 1933 
and 1939. 
19% believed Germany was justified 
in starting the war. 
30% preferred Germans to English 
or French. 
12% believed some races were by 
nature superior or inferior. 
22% believed the Germans had 
"good reasons" for persecuting 
Jews. 

How do u.s. troops feel about the war 
in Southeast Asia? 

. ............. . 
• Help create a forum for • 
• dialogue. All members of the • 
• University community are invited • 
• to express their views in the opi- • 

•

• nion section of the TRtTON TIMES. I 
All contributions MUST include 
the names and address of the I writer. although names will be • withheld on request. • 

............... 

Appreciation 
II J "'s Action 

of 

I'm delighted with the 
letter that appeared in 
Tuesday's TRITON TIMES 
about the fact that there 
are homosex ual women 
and men all over the place 
and they are, in many ma-
jor ways, OPPRESSED. But 

.................................. b.e.ca.u.s.e~most people I 

LETTERS Ttl THEIE.",. , . -
know have assumed I tascinated, in an unplea- time, it conceived and 
wrote the lettQr, I just want sa nt way. by the conclusion attempted to follow ' rules 
to say that I can't take the to Pam and Michael of war' - to reduce the 
credit for it, although I Ro senthal's review of outlawry of the State to a 
agree with every word of it Bourgeois Charm. Let me mere killing of State func-
(except with the statement quote : • ... a ruined, shot-up tionaries. not a wholesale 
that we are "entitled" to dinner party, riddled with bloodbath over every 
"the same social and sexual blood and bodies, is a fan- difference of thought and 
rights as others" - I do not tastic visual symbol of anti- life-style. This was hardly 
want the right to treat bourgeois revolution .' carried far enough. Still. it 
women or anyone else as Just what sort of insanity shows a certain tolerance 
subhumans or slaves), and are we now being peddled w hi c h a II to 0 man y 
it should be the beginn ing un de r the n a m e 0 f revolutionaries seem to 
of not only " dialogue", but 'revolution'? When the im- lack. To borrow from Kerry 
of the spread of informa- age of a group of human Tho r n ley, are c en t 
tion about " homosex- beings murdered at their anarchist writer (anarch ists 
uality", and the expression dinner, apparently simply have always been accused 
of a whole lot of righteous because of their life-style, by their fellow radicals 
anger. Let me pose a few is hailed as one of its sym- of petty - bourgeOis 
questions : is "homosex- bois. one might begin to deviation ism - perhaps 
ual" defined by sexual in- won d e r w h e the r the that should be taken as a 
ciination only, or by a ' revolutionaries' haven 't compliment, considering 
redefinition of the concept gone beyond even treating the source): ' VIOLENCE IS 
of MAN and WOMAN? violence as a necessary THE PROBLEM, OT THE 
Does the non-faggot man means, to treating it as an FUCKING SOLUTION!' It's 
believe he is an instrument end in itself. I wonder what a lesson I whish more of 
of this " oppression" (even Mr. and Ms. Rosentha l those revolutionaries who 
if he never beat up a queer would say if confronted form the public's image of 
in his life)? And why with a picture of half a ' radicals ' or 'anarchists' 
haven't the lesbians and do zen Vie t n am e s e would take to heart . If 
faggots on this camp us, peasants murdered at their nothing else moves them. 
and everywhere, come dinner, with bloody let them consider this : the 
out? I fan yon e is in - fragments scattered about. surest sign that any move-
terested, I have some I also wonder how sincere ment or culture lacks vitali-
opinions about the matter. their objection to this ty and worth is that it relies 
but now I just want to tell country's murder of these on violence in la rge quan-
"1" that I respect and ad- people can be. when the tities for its establish ment, 
mire his action; want to same acts in the name of survival. and growth. This 
add to it, and urge others the left delight them so applies to America's state 
to do the same. much . I think there is ca pitalism, to Hitler's 

Jeff Weinstein something ultimately national socialism, and just 
Revl'ew of cy nical and hostile to as much to the culture of human life, freedom. and ' revolutionaries' - and of Bourgeois happiness in any attitude the three. I would still take 

w h i c h soc h e e r full y America. with all its flaws, Charm reduces mass murder to a as the best. not in spite of 
matter ow what side we are but because of the fact 

Editor, Triton Times on . that, unlike the other two, 
I was so mew hat One of the triumphs of it is still bourgeois in its 

that bourgeois civilization orientation and has some 
which the authors so dis- respect for personal safety. 
like was that, at least for a William H. Stoddard triton tlmes FEIFFER 

Editor-in-Chief 
City Editor 
Managing Editor 
Copy Editor 
Busi.ne .. Manager 
Editorial Director 
Art. Editor 
Sport, Editor 
Photography Editor 
A8aiatant City Editors 

Secretary 

Carny Sharick 
Carrie Rickey 

David Buchbinder 
Debbie Mont/lomery 

Michael Greene 
MukSiegel 

Tom Lindberg 
Michael Rath 

Joe Ea.tern 
Richard Drom 

Michael Setma 
Corrinne Cacaa 

The TRITON TIMES i. atriclaUy reoo,nJzed and .upported 
.1 a etudent new.plper by the Communications Do.reI of the 
UniveMlity at California. San DIe,o. Bulldinll 250, Matthew. 
Campu •• La JolIl, Califomia 92037 . 
Publication it twice w""ldy on Tueaday. and Friday •. Officee 
are located In room 117 Blake Hall. on the Revelle Camp .... 
Fa. advertl.i"" phone 453-8722, or 453-2000 XIOt7 ' for 
editorial or new. phone 453-2000, XIOI6. ' , 

-- - ..... --- --.... --
.-

).)6 HAVe FICcO 1Ht; 
{..OSS Cf THCVSA.IJC'S 
OF W/.l?ltRS (~ 
COHBAT 

i 
so r SAY 
10 HAIJOf : WOUGH! 

():£ fiA vc;. FACW 
"THt I~VHAIV 

IIJC~RAT10/J 
OF c«< R(tSCIJ -
ekS OF WAR . 

AS ~ffiJT 
r AH WII..I.(/JS 
,0 FAC£ AU10Sf 
Mll{f1iI~ . 

W6 HAve FAC6~ 
TAODTS AlJD ~­
CRIHI/JATfOIJ AT 

W-W~Rau 
-rA8~. 

l t 

100 • BLUEGRASSI 
CONCERT 

REVELLE CAFETERIA 
FRIDAY, JAN. 19th, 8:30 P.M. 

ADMISSION 
IS FREE 

The Country Gazette 
Byron Berline 

3 Time National Fiddling Champion 

Kajsa Ohman 
Singer/Song Writer from Montana 

SPONSORED BY CAMPUS 
PROGRAMMING BOARD 

..... -

t 
~ I 

1 • 

FRIDA Y FLICKS 
~ft • 

"Cool Hand Luke'·' 
" "Why Do You Smile, 
Mon. Lisa?" 
(Short) 

75¢ 
7:30 P.M. & 
10:00 P.M. 
2722 USB 

"SORROW 
& THE 
PITY" 

50¢ 7:30 P.M. 
2722 USB 

SA TURDA Y FILMS 
• .uo .............. • • • 

CAN YOU USE AN EXTRA 
$100 PER MONTH FOR THE 

NEXT 12 MONTHS? 

Through th e new N ACS Student Educatio nal I..oan Fund (S.E.L. F.l. a cooperative prOlO"am with the St.ate of Cahfornia 
Savinls and Loan industry . you can now borrow money more 
easily and with Ie red lapc Ihan throuKh any other Ivadable 
source. He.re 's why : 

L No prior bank account requirements 
2. No ale Umit.aLlolU 
3. E.llbl hed eredit noL noecUMY 
• • No Incom e limitation. 
r.. No deldUno for applyinl 
6. No coUltorai requiremont.a 
7, No payback ror 13 months 
8. Ale.labUshed bank interest 

For furthel Info·rmatlon. talk to the people l t your Flnandal 
Aid. Ortle. on clm pus.. or write : 

National Assod ation of College Students 
(A Non-Profit tudent Service : n) 
7911 Herschel Avenue 
La Jolla, California 92037 
Nune ________________________ __ 

AddR_~ ________________________________ __ 

CitJ' _________________________ Zlp, ___ _ 

Coli •• No. of units ___ _ 

Page 3 Friday, January 12, 1973 Triton Times 

• 



USED BOOK 
SALE· 

IN STAIRWELL, BOTTOM OF BLAKE, 
FACING QUAD 

OPEN 11-2 
Buy and Sell and Save 

SPONSORED BY UCSD'S CHAPTER OF A.P.O. 

~-Q . 
CI~~MA L~() 

.. ~ -~ f ;\,1. -"1 I "~III f f 
a:?~T ()L[) M()VI~S 

NOW PLAYING 

Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo 
(1943) 

Van Johnson 

Twelve O'Clock High 
( 1949) 

Gregory Peck 
Millard Mitchell 

Gary Merrill 

Sunday Matinee I Student Discount 

Box Office opens at 5:30 4~-33~3 . 

FANTASTIC! FASCINATING! 
A VISUAL SCIIIICEFICTIOIl II".IIIKI 

THAT WIU IOGGU YOUR MIIID 
IN 

A STEP 
BEYOND 

~~ 
THE BUBBLE pv ARCHOBOLER MA S1'OPOF IrE: UI USUAl 

MICt4 AU COlf Ol.IIOA AH "".UlY· JO HNN" 0£511()fl11D ~ ra. 
_-------_ COLOR • • oot_.KLun L~ 
ACADEMY L..--i 372 1 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 '000 1--------.... 

CYCLES (6) hy 8 .. 1n. 
and Mc:n.,mc. Hell 's AnJrIJ 
ty~ pnl on in.,j"blc: molorcyclts 
fc:rron7e.., meek Kooler Chlh on 

i"~klble '\Coolers 10 imp~ ,um-
t hewi", hitchhiker. 
C"MPUS CIIKISTI (I R) by Jon", 
. nd J~nninp. A di1illusioned col-

~tt !llude"1 ,on mtn II "hone 
booth Ind emff&e"l IJ • 20th Ctn-
~~~lffiijjfl'~ tury Su ptrChri!ll. 

84MBI MEETS COnZILLA /I ",) 
by "'It'\'in Ntwland " An actinn 
PICked IMe 01 wild .r.r:- .. t 'I 'm,", 
&fine 10 ~1I"ive in nalult " M.N. 
IfliTERMISSION (31 by Fa"luah., 
Producliun"l. "C~lmnomM: nr&k~ 
witt! choul. in plnmainc plnlomint : 
.. deIKHlU'I dktcllC di.al,iht ,. f ,P, 

AIRPLA NE roLUE. I LOn YOU 
120J hy ''',ward ,,"Ier. ' "Truant 
"mee, put, '1tnned nlll JO YCif old 

mod~1 m.ker hack inw tht !,h lh 
I/'.d .... 11.1 .. etc. 

THE DRAWING FOR A f & . 
MIDDLEARTH 

CANDLES! 
WATERBED 

It . ' T 'I .. 
- ' -
- , -

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, January 12, 1973 

Winter Drama 
The Drama Department of the Univer-

sity of California at San Diego presents 
two one-act plays from the Black 
Theatre repertoire : CLARA'S OLE MAN 
by Ed Bullins and DAY OF ABSENCE by 
Douglas Turner Ward. Both plays are · 
directed by Gloyd Gaffney, Associate 
Professor of Drama, and will be per-
formed at UCSD Theatre on January 26, 
27, 28 and February 1, 2, 3. Dr. Gaffney 
has several plays to his cred it - both as 
director and as actor. Most recently, in 
San Diego, he has directed Fugard 's 
"The Bloodknot" at UCSD Theatre and 
the very s~ccessful " The Me Nobody 
Knows" for the Southeast performing 
Arts Consortium. 

Dr. Gaffney feels it is important to 
expose the community to the works of 
Black playwrights since "the duality. of 
American culture has created a distinct 
black expression which is substantially 
different from the prominant wh ite 
cultu ral mode. The black playwright 
strives to assert black ethics and 
aesthetic values by re-interpreting 
theatre in the light of the black ex-
perience." 

Tickets are available through the 
UCSD Boxoffice in the Lobby of Urey 
Hall . General Admiss ion $2.50, Students 
$1.25. Performances will be at 8:00 p.m. 
in the UCSD Theatre. 

Baha'i Concert 
There will be a free concert, spon-

sored by the Baha'i Faith Club at UCSD, 
Friday, January 12, at 9 PM in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Featured will be Don Reed, a 
musician from Los Angeles. 

Don, whose singing and guitar playing 
falls somewhere between jazz and folk 
rock, has had roles in such productions 
as " Jesus Christ Superstar" (Judas), 
"Tommy", and "Soul Gone Home." 

The sponsoring group, the Baha'i 
Club, is a ca mpus organization intended 
to inform students of the existence of 
the Baha'i Faith , a world re ligion which 
brings the promise of a new world order 
of peace and brotherhood, encom-
passi ng all races, re ligions, and nations. 

Backdoor Blues 
This weekend at the Backdoor, 

CSUSD's mini-concert hall, will be Bat-
dorf and Rodney, the latest in a wave of 
folk rock duos. Appearing with them 
will be the English musician and mime 
Harold Abilong. Shows will be at 8 and 
10:30 on January 12 and 13. Tickets are $2 
with a State ID or $2.50 without. (all 286-
6551 for further information. 

The Sorrow and the Pity 
Tomorrow eveni ng t he UCSD 

Program Board will present the only San 
Diego showing of Marcel Ophyls' 
documentary of the German occupation 
of France: THE SORROW AND THE 
PITY. 

The length (4V2 hours) film is not the 
usual critical presentation of the 
atrocities committed by the occupying 
forces, rather, THE SORROW AND THE 
PITY concentrates on the sorrow and the 
pity of the French collaboration with 
and spinelessness toward the German 
armies of occupation. 

Ophuls uses newsreel footage to il-
lustrate how the some 400 deputies and 
70 senators obliged the Germans by 
voting to suspend the constitution and 
how these deputies and senators came 
to regard the occupation as, in the 
words of Vichy leader Marshal Petain, a 
" moral obligation." . 

Petain was the Premier of occupied 
France during the 1924·44 German oc-
cupation who was exceedingly sym-
path tic to th Germans. Th "mora l 
obligation" h urged the French to 
accept was that of su ffering th cultllral 
d gradation, t rrorism, and persecution 

tha-t the German armies inflicted. 
With a perspective only gained by 

hindsight, Ophuls is careful to be objec-
tive about his interviewees, and the 
contrast of the opinions mof those inter-

- viewed are unsettlingly provocative. 
In THE SORROW AND THE PITY 

Ophuls managed to capture the tense 
politica l atmosphere of France between 
1924-44 and blend it with his subtly 
hindsightful understanding of this 
emotional and turbulent period. 

It is more than a mere cataloguing of 
events or a chronology of historical data, 
it is an artful compendium of thre tense 
years, of a nation wracked by a divisive 
occupation, and how several people 
reacted to a gratuitous estrangement 
from the country they lived in. 

Although Ophuls' documentary is 
decidedly cynical of the French people 
who retiringly sided with the occupying 
forces, his film is less one of judging the 
separate factions than it is a film attemp-
ting to expose th indeterminate ways 
politicization affects a divided society. 

THE SORROW AND THE PITY screens 
once only, at 7:00 PM. Admission i 50 

nls. 

Musi • • 4/4 And More 
Tom Lindberg 

Rock and Roll is a basta of purer forms of 
American music, born of cou nd western, hard blues 
and bebop jazz parentage splintering almost im-
mediately from its origins to a range of potentials 
suddenly validated by its nJrrn .... explorations continue 
to produce new overnight and smash hits, and 
the creative freshness aracterized the early 
growth of rock is still alive. by its very nature is a 
curious musical form, going I directions at once 
and at the same time remaini and obsessed with 
its roots. Rock musicians tried to emulate the 
more articulate jazz com s and instrument im-
provisations, looking for innovations but always 
coming back to the sound nt of a 4/4 ABA 
framework, always respecti free dexterity of jazz 
musicianship. 

Jazz has lately returned iment, many es-
tablished artists moving un"lh~rfh' to exploit rock 
successes like electronic wiza heavy insistent rhythms 
and flamboyant performa exchange of ideas is a 
sublimated battle of wits, side quite willing to 
admit any weaknesses or any ions to the other. The 
continual friction that exists the realms of jazz 
and rock as they struggle fa lIy unified identity 
while reaching in opposite ns for the limits of their 
separate crafts is a source of disappointment as the 
personalities blurr, but the of interests can also be 
a charm. The music of 1972 rized the failures of 
both jazz and rock to coexist ully, but most notably 

it was a year of new enta 
freshness that argues strongly 
battle. 

enls and a resulting 
a continuation of the 

Rock trends are newly amu\al The stars of 72 are the 
great actors: the Stones swee~ nation with concert 
after concert of wide-open r""' .• ruwp Cooper repulsing 
just about everybody with a ictor, and David 
Bowie sweeping the nation time with unisex-
ual, bisexual, or maybe even stage antics. Even 
Grand Funk Railroad, the esst/Ce rich rock trash, seem 
to have an uncanny ability to ht in front of a crowd, 
riding the wave of su almost solely on the 
merits of their strong rapport the young masses who 
pay to see them. Theatrics selling point, but the 
music is still there, a IIy insecure collection 
of statements about stardom "The Rise and Fall of 
Ziggy Stardust"), dissipation " Exile On Main 
Street"), and revolution for tIr of it (Alice Cooper's 
"School's Out") . 

What is good about rock,-rPic n 1972 is its continued 
diversity; it is not always histrionic, not always 
outrageously demanding not always difficult to 
avoid. Even though the rock ofthe year, the tours of 
the Stones, Bowie, Grand and El ton John, are 
unmistakably loud, fla a joyful gathering of 
the stoned minds, subtlety forgotten . Two of 
the finest individual efforts are cultivated 
statemenls of artistic g the popularity 
and impact of theatrics. n's Sail Away is a 
sly, agonizingly clever col original songs about 
unoriginal laments : poll politics, old age. In 
Lonely At the Top he sings life of success 
in show business, but the melody and· un-
pretentious vocal are too to be accepted at 
face value. The stylistic co Newman is his ability 
to affect a sense of greater t~rough the perfor-
mance than the lyrics alone He IS deceptive and in 
complete control, and Sail a gem. 

John Simon is another sty list, and even 
though he is even less n the somewhat 
obscure Newman, he has with some of the 
winningest of rock musicians, trained by Columbia 
Records as a music editor produced records for 
The Band, Simon and and Crofts, Jackie 
lomax and others. He has engin ering workshop 
to record his own music, album on Warner 
Brothers, Journey, is an gathering of varying 
musical styles that comprise tastes and talents. He 

composes lighl lyrical fantasies with a distinct jazz in-
fluence, and he plays a spirited piano leading a group of 
fine studio men like Howard Johnson, Dave Sanborn and 
Dave Holland through a crisp, fluid mixture of original 
works. Both he and Newman are singers for the non-singer 
and composers for everyone. 

Rock and roll continues to institute the trends, 
threatening through its overwhelming popularity to 
smother the creative spark of Jazz. But that spark is a 
persistent one, always capable of igniting new concepts 
and reigniting the old ones. 1972 was a triumphant year for 
reissues of Jazz recordings; now almost all of the recor-
dings by Billie Holiday, Bessie Smith, louis Armstrong, 
Cahrlie ·Parker, Django Reinhardt and other greats are 
readily available. The long standing Newport Jazz Festival 
moved to New York last summer for a somewhat con-
troversial but unquestionably grand success, bringing 
together the old and the new guard of jazz. Many drastic 
changes have occurred: the steady 4/ 4 is not longer the 
prevailing attilude. Progressive free-form is the context 
most often used, and this new freedom pushed fo r, at least 
superficially, by rock as well as jazz is the beauty of new 
music. 

Miles Davis has held his position of leadership in jazz for 
twenty years, always an astute blues individualist, who 
throughout his career has created new styles to reenergize 
his field . His black mystic intellect and reclusive behavior 
epitomize the image of the jazz artist content with the 
energy of his creation and unconcerned with commercial 
public acceptance. That ideal has been purged as the Black 
artist struggles for recognition, and Miles Davis has in 
recent years successfully exploited the modern trends of 
popular music. His latest album on Columbia, On the 
Corner, is a disappointing culm ination of this latest 
movement; he has designed such a complex array of 
electrical rhythms that his trumpet now played through a 
wah-wah, can rarely be distingusished from the lead 
guitar. His own innovative genius has apparently led to a 
sad personal defeat; his once distinctive solo phrasing is 
lost in the compositional confusion. He has been exploring 
the realm of extended, high energy music for several years, 
and the quintescence of this mode was achieved three 
years ago with In a Silent Way, a mastery of controlled, 
meditative jazz expression. On the Corner overindulges in 
the restrained solo work and Miles' trumpet is missed, but 
the record is still a textured, notable representation of 
loday's Polymorphism in jazz. 

Weather Report's second album, I sing the body electric, 
on Columbia, is music for the space age, highly percussive, 
electrically energized trip into the uncharted cosmos of 
new music. The group is a superb ensemble of jazz 
individuals, Josef Zawinul on electric piano, Wayne 
Shorter on reeds, Miroslav Vitous on bass, Eric Gravatt on 
drums, and Dam Um Romao on percussion. Ralph Towner 
plays a screaming 12 string guitar on Shorter's composi-
tion, "The Moors." les McCann's Invitation To Openness 

Freddie Hubbnd 

on Atlantic is another swirling, -mystical work with fine 
performances by Useff lateef, Cornell Dupree and Ber-
nard Purdie with McCann on all types of piano and 
synthesizer. Pharoah Sanders' Black Unity on Impulse is a 
hard-driving obsessive work employing an unnerving 
African 6/4 foundation and the expert talents of among 
others Stanley Clarke, a twenty-year-old speedy bassist 
who can play with the best, proving himself alongside Stan 
Getz and other diverse artists. Impulse has also released 
this year's collections of the best by Sanders and John 
Coltrane, two record sets that give an excellent survey of 
the progressive work done in the past by these men. 

Freddie Hubbard's Sky Dive on CTI is a rich reinstate-
ment of more traditional jazz forms and will probably 
please more listeners. The soaring, nibble trumpet by 
Hubbard and the smooth arrangements by Don Sebesky 
are a joy, and this is yet another marvel from the Creed 
Tdylor factory. Charles Mingus is back this year with a 
triumphant recording, LeI My Children Hear Music, on 
Columbia, a detailed personal concept album with multi -
dimensional captivating discords and rich harmonics and 
composed and arranRed by Mingus for a ten-piece group. 

continued on pile 7 

McGEORGE 
SCHOOL OF LAW 

UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 
SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS OF 
PROSPECTIVE LAW STUDENTS 

will be held on Friday, January 19,1973, from 9:15 8.m. to 12:00 p.m ., in 
the Career Planning & Placement Office, 2D Social Science Bldg. For an 
appointment or further information, contact Yolanda Scott, Adm inistrative 
Assistant, Career Planning. Services, 2D Social Science Building, 6th 
floor, Muir College, U.C.S.D. 
The program of the School of Law enables students to begin the study of 
law in the Summer Quarter (June 1973) or Autumn Quarter (September 
1973), in the 3-year day or 4-year evening division. McGeorge offers the 
Juris doctor degree and is accredited by the American Bar Association. 
Application deadline: May 31 , 1973. 

GRAND 

Chabad House 
Shabbat 
Meals 

Chasidic 
Services 

SINGING AND DANCING 
RAP WITH STUDENT RABBIS 

Friday, Jan. 12th, from sundown till ... 
Saturday 10:30 A.M. Services followed by Meal 

4:00 Spice & Candle Ceremony 

6115 Montezuma 
For information Call 286-4747 

.alBa 
Page 5 Friday, January 12, 1973 Triton Times 



Tritons Extend 
Streak to Eight! 

Led by Tall Paul Trainer's great offensive effort, Gl iding 
Gie Simpson's clutch basket and steal, and Jon French Le 
Levie r's cherry picking, the Tritons rolled to their seventh 
straight victory over the Cal Baptist Lance rs. The Tritons 
were ahead by as many as 11 poinls with 12 minutes to go 
in the ga me bu t the Lancers rapaciously fought back and 
had a two poi nt lead with 58 seconds to play. 

Then the roof fe ll in o n the befuddled Lancers as Gie 
sto le the ba ll o n the press and ti pped it to French who 
scored at the ot her end . John May who had numerous 
stea ls, elicited the aid of the ra bid crowd and scared Cal 
Baptist into th rowing it out of bounds. Gie followed th is 
with an unbelievable twisting shovel shot for h is 14th 
poi nt to put the Tritons ahead to stay as Tall Paul iced the 
wi n with clutch free throws and rebounds. Paul was 
tremendous as he maneuvered inside and outside for 25 
points and 12 rebounds. ~oach Reeves mu st have been 
wa tching a lot of footbal l over the holidays as the Pete 
Henderson to Le Levier length of the court pass combina-
tion accounted for at least 10 points and gave Jon his 
season high of 17 points. 

The Tritons hope to extend their winning streak to 8 
games tonight at Pacific Christian in long Beach before 
they face their biggest test of the year tomorrow night 
against USD. The game will be played in our own gym at 
Il, lollowing the J.V. game at 6 p.m. 

The UCSD I.V. team currently has a 4-4 record after 
their tough loss to Cal Baptist Tuesday 8981. They are led 
by smooth Mark Read who is averaging 17.3 points per 
game and Rusty Knight with 15.2 points per game. Big AI 
Clark (who stands 5'g") is the quickest player on the team 
and is hitting for 12.2 points per game. 

Since all N.A.I.A. schools are being asked to donate the 
proceeds of one game to a fund for the national tourna-
ment, and UCSD does not charge admission, fans will be 
asked to make a donation of $.25 at tomorrow night's 
game for this purpose. 

Announcement : there will be a prize offered to the 
person with the best decorated socks appea ring at the 
sock-hop after the game Saturday night. 

Kickball on Rise 
Hey, before you sta rt getting the Winter-Q uarter blahs, 

why don' t you get your soft , flabby, overvacationed body 
out fo r winter-qua rter in tramurals? Highl ighting the ac-
tion this quarter will be the intramural department's new 
baby, coed kickball. 

In men's basketball it looks as if Mike Rath 's bunch and 
Roger's super-team are going to provide a challe nge for 
Mike Haney's power-packed Salt and Pepper in the Open 
League, while the othe r leagues seem to be pre tt y much 
wide open. Of cou rse, just li ke last year, men's baske tball 
will undoubted ly be over-shadowed by a more amusing, 
even if less impressive, sport namely coed basketball, so 
gel on over to the P.E. off ice at 3 this afternoo n and sign 
up your team. 

Sometime next week there will be sign-ups fo r 
volleyball (open-sixes and mixed doubles), coed soccer, 
and the big event of the yea r, coed kickball. For those of 
you who haven 't been participating in intramurals 
because you're out of practice, or don't think you' re as 
good at sports as everybody else, this is the opportu nity 
you've been waiting for . Chances are, nobody has played 
kickball since sixth grade, so there is just no excuse not to 
come out for an hour on Sunday afternoons and have 
some fun . We'll be looking for you at the captain 's 
meeting! 

7:50 1 10' 30 - F,",",17 - ,.,..,.IIIIt ... AIIo_.PfIm_. _ ....... 
.., ..... .QooIII1<fIIy 10 ,,....._ 
.- ..... "'~ ... 
.............. -

THE WE OF tilE 
IUllllIU( Imu HOM 

1:00 I ' .40 - A IMr1 ~ 1rfIIII.,.., 
WIIIIP .............. kdIM ,..., 

SatUlllly Mld",g~1 
1M( IItCTUIM. CIIIUIA 
THE LOST "ATJIOl 

l lA4.,.. ........ F.-rer. l'IIM .... __ ....... hM. 
AlII ca.,.. z .. _ Of Til( £MIl .. 

• '''' _...., _ _ 11.00 

7456 La Jolla tilvd. 459·4341 
Page 6 Triton Times Friday, January 12, 1973 

Wrestling Action 

Correa Takes All-Cal MVP 
Mark Uska 

Th e beginning of the quarter saw the reru rn to action of 
the UCSD wrestling team. Actua lly, they revived a little bit 
soone r than most everybody else, last Saturday to be 
exact, for the ir parti ci pation in the All-Cal Tournament 
he ld at the beautiful Cal Berkeley campus. One can't 
reall y say the ir trip was a complete success, b ut it was a 
good job under the circumstances. The ci rcumstances 
happened to be a dearth of personnel , experienced and 
othe rwise, which enabled Coach Pinkerton to make that 
tr ip with only seven bodies - counting himself. As all 
wrestling fans know from watching Bobo Braz il , it is 
extremely difficu lt to win a competition with only six 
wrestlers. 

There were a few bright spots, however. Jorge Correa 
once again proved that he is one of the better wrest lers in 
the area, if not the state, by winning his weight class - at 
118 pounds. He was also named the Most Valuable 
wrestler of the tournament which included schools like 
Berkeley, RiverSide, Santa Barbara and Davis, along with 
UCSD. Javier Correa also pe rformed well, taking th ird in 
his we ight class. 

Th is weekend the grapplers travel north to tang le in 
what might be termed their "own" tournament . This 
could only mean, of course, that the Cal Tech tournament 

R uggers Attack 
In Six-Packs 

While the rest of the 
campus spent thei r vaca-
tion eating and drinking 
the holidays away the 
Triton Ruggers were 
preparing fo r this 
weekend 's match against 
the powerhouse UC LA va r-
sity. This opponent has 
been a peren nial rugby 
power and has similar 
national sta t u re to th e 
UCLA basketba ll team. The 
UCLA team is known fo r its 
wide open style of playas 
opposed to the no rmal 
conservative physical style 
of most teams. It is an ex-
cit ing style to watch and 
play. 

M ost o f the Triton 
R uggers preparation for 
this match also consisted of 
eati ng and d rin ki ng which 
was also inte rspersed with 
three tournam~nts . First 

off , the Tri to n Rugge rs 
took two teams to t he 
Sou th e rn California 7 Aside 
Tournament at San Fernan -
do Valley. Both teams took 
fo u rt h pl ace in th eir 
res p ective 16 t ea m 
divisions. The fi rsts lost o ut 
of third place in a heart-
breaking match against Ir-
vi ne Coast RC and the se-
co nd te am was f inall y 
stopped by SO State's first 
tea m. 

The next weekend the 
tea m wnt off to the All -Cal 
Tournament at Santa Bar-
bara. True to their usual 
form th ey we re asleep 
dur ing the first half against 
UCLA, but finally figured 
out that someth ing wa s 
happen ing and held them 
score less in the second 

continued on pase 7 

V olleyballers Set 
Up Friday Debut 

Tonight the Sports Department would like to announce 
the unveili ng of the 1973 Varisty Volleyball team . In their 
debut the tea m will face a bunch of opponents known as 
Friends who are actually a bunch of recycled grad 
students, ex varsity playe rs and anonymous gym rats. The 
game wi ll take place in the gymnasium at 7:30 p.m. 

The va rsity, though long on enthusiasm, is admittedly a 
little short on expe ri ence. Of the fourteen players on the 
roster, twe lve are suit ing up fo r the first time in UCSD 
uniforms. Even the coaches, Dick Reitherman and Jeff 
Gorrell who have many years of playing experience 
behind them, are in the ir rook ie year of coaching. 

The returning stars are Jim Rabe, who has played on the 
team the last three years, and Mauricio Serracini, a 
transfer student from Italy who played on the team two 
years ago. 

The team worked out sporadically during Fall Quarter 
and just began serious workouts just after New Year's. 

Shanghai 
N andarin & Shanghai 

Styl 
hin se R stau ra nt 

10% off dinn r 
m flU with stud nt 1.0 . 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

1017 prospect 
LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

is comi ng up th is Satu rd ay. UCSD ca n call this th eir 
tournament simply beca use they have never lost the 
tournament titl e. Th is st ring, however, looks threatened 
as the out look does not appea r as certai n fo r a UCSD 
victory . This is true largely because of that age-old athletic 
problem at UCSD, no bodies. . 

There are app roximate ly ten people who you might call 
members of the wrestli ng team. Ou t of this handfu l, six of 
them are good wrestlers. However, Coach Pinkerton is in 
dire need of more wrestlers. The lack of pe rsonnel has 
forced such match-ups as 190-odd pounder lohn Dube rg 
up agai nst 118 pou nder Jorge Correa in pract ice. Coach 
Pinke rton can consider the effor ts of already-me ntioned 
Jorge and ' Javier Correa in stride. Backing up these 
wrestlers include ,ohn Knapp who missed t he All-Ca l 
Tournament, John Duberg - one of the bigger members 
of the team and only a sophomore, Curtis Tom and Gary 
McClanahan, the freshman from Orange who is im-
provi ng so fa st. Despite these athletes, more are needed . 
If you even have an inclination toward the sport, go out 
and talk to Coach Pinkerton in the wrestling room; it 's 
worth a try. 

Upcoming dates for the team include match ups with 
Rive rside Southern California College and Claremont-
Mudd. The next home match will be Ja nuary 25 against 
Riverside. It will be held in the main floor of the gym. 

(]()rALJ8tBP SI-III LJiCks e •• 
Sesma & Buchbinder 

Well grid fans, th e Super Sunday has arrived at last. The 
moment that President Nixon has been waiting impatient-
ly for since the November plebiscite reelected him. 

The Los Ange les coliseum will be jammed with people 
cheering the over-the-hill gan g and the youthful 
Dolphins. This makes the third trip there for Don Shu la 
and the second for the adolph ins while it will be th e first 
trip for th e Redski ns and George Allen . These teams were 
the favo rites and what th e world will see should be a 
fa ntastic battle of titans. The teams are much more evenly 
matched than most previous duets. Both teams sported 
to p offenses and defenses in their respective leagues. The 
Dolphins will be under som e pressure, trying to extend a 
winn ing streak to 17 ga mes, and trying to succeed where 
they have fail ed once. The 'Sk ins are said to be a bunch of 
old men but under the leadership of Bill Ki lmer and 
George Allen, the team is probably the tightest one in the 
NFL. There are 15 fo rmer Rams on the tea m and most, 
with th e exception of several special team men, are 
seasoned veterans in the NFL. 

The Redskins : premier ru nning back Larry Brown, 
excellent receivers in Charlie Taylor and Ron Jefferson, 
great field general in Bill Kilmer, excellent offensive front 
and the offensive advice of Charlie Waller and George 
Allen . lack Pardee and Chri s Hanburger at the 
Linebackers, Diqron Talbert on the line, Curt Knight and 
Alvin Haymo nd on specia l teams. The Dolph ins: 1,000 
yard backs in Larry Cson ka and Mercury Morris plus Jim 
Kiick . Bob Griese and Earl Morral at QB, with Garo 
Yepremian kicking. The no-name defense of all-pros Nick 
Bouniconti and M ann y Fernandez and names that are 
easily forgotten . 

. Headcoaches 5hu la and Allen are renowned for the 
discipline with wh ich they hold the ir teams but our 
computer ind icated almost immediate ly a good nu mber 
of penalties are liable to occur, perhaps from tensions 
running so high . Both teams feature an ideall y balanced 
offense and superior defenses. The computer showed an 
offensive battle instead of the defensive batt le one might 
expect. The running of Larru Brown and the receiving of 
Charlie Tay lor and Ron Je fferson wi ll put the Redski ns 
ahead early in the game with or without a Nixon Pl ay. The 
first half will belong to the 'Skins in terms of ball contrmol 
and time of possessiori. The second half wil l see Miami's 
Morris, Csonka, Warfield, and Griese explode with a 
number of po ints. The end of the game will be high with 
te nsion and anx iety for the fa ns of either teams and for 
the coaching staffs also. 

The Redskins, however will scalp the Dolphins and win 
by five points. So says our computer. Be sure and watch. It 
will be a Super Sunday the likes of which you've never 
seen and the re probably won 't be another one like it in a 
few years. 

SAN DIEGUITO 
CYCLE EMPORIUM 

- Sales - Accessories 
- Professional Equipment 
- Repairs - Parts 

"THE COMPLETE BICYCLE STORE" 
January Specials - 20% Off Siella Bikes 
V2 Price on many Lock. & Chains, elc. 

With your copy of THf TRITON TRIDfNT(freut 
C,mpus Boo/(uore) up to 15", savlnBs on purchases. 

Th is Offer I Also Good On Sale Items. 
755-2725 

241 N. HWY 101 SOLANA lEACH 

anaoullcemelltl 
eoatlDued from paRe 8 

l u ue •• uch AI be lns 
. topped lor questlonlns, 
polke entry Into homes, 
sentend ns ilnd seizure 01 
property, ball procedures, 
selections 01 juries, ul-
timate decision by trier 01 
lact, lentencins procell, 
and the response 01 the 
court ilnd the law to the 
people it serves will be 
studied. (1/ 19) 

Rugby. •• r ontinued from page 6 
the <oune includes iI dis-
cuuion of IlKk Art Music 
composers, pil.t ilnd pre-
sent. The link 01 Black 
Music to racial oppression 
will be e umlned. The 
primary objective 01 the 
coune is to conduct an 
extenliwe InwettiSltion 01 
the mu .i c 01 Blaell 
Americans and to place this 
music within Its proper 
perspective, as a sodo-
culturill ellpreuion within 
the field 01 mUllc. The 
coune Is MUSIC 125; 4 
units; held Thurs. 3-6 p.m. 
at 409 Maflhews. TEll 
YOUR FRIENDSI (1/1') 

To All Revelle Students. 
Ourins the Fall ~rter the 
FKulty reduced the total 
number 01 courses re-
quired lor srilduation in 
Renlle hom 48 to 46 
courses. tn the palt beause 
Revelle's requirement was 
hisher than the UCSD 

URIAN It RURAL STUDIES Senate minimum lor the 
LAW SEQUENCE COURSES B.A., the Collqe ililowed 
lor the Winter QUilrter, elltril desree credit whkh 
1973: URS No. 121 - ULqal did not show on th e 
Apprillsal 01 American Rellstrar's transcript of 
Institutions", Instructor: record, for certain cou~ 
"florney Milton .. Silver- such 1 5 3 unit s radu .. te 
miln, Lecturer. This coune classes, courses where the 
il iln ilpprilisal 01 trildltionilJ credit hild been raised from 
sovernmental institution. one course to 1 V2 cou~, 
il nd non-trild itionill in- etc. Effectively immediiltely 
stitutions such as powerty, the Collese will discon-
radsm, ilnd crime. EVilluil- tinu e this prACtice. A 
tlon of Ihese Institutions i1S Revelle student m .. y now 
possible products of iln be srilduilted ilS soon lIS he 
Amerle .. n life-style which completes 46 counes (ilny 
w iI s the r u u It 0 f iI n frollCtlon over 180.0 units on 
historic .. 1 commitment to the Regist rar's o ff icial 
economic abund .. nce ilnd record Cilrd will be con-
territorial ellpilnsion. URS sidered the 46th course), 
No 123 - "AppliCiitlons of hilS ilnnounced B.A. u n-
th e La w: Th e JudIe's didacy, ilnd hilS met all 
View", Instructor: Judge collele and majo r re- _ 
h rl B. GiIIlilm, Lecturer. qulrements. (EI) 

• 

half. However, no points 
were scor ed and the 
Tritons lost 18-0. The se-
cond game was against an 
inexperienced but spirited 
UC Irvine side whom 
UCSD squeaked by 6-4. 
Finally the Ruggers awoke 
for the third game against 
UCSB II and scored the first 
two timer they got \heir 
hands on the ball, finally 
winning 38-0. The momen-
tum continued to the 
fourth game with UC R 
which was rolled over 27-0 
with some fine running by 
Gordie Akers and lohn 
Christopher. 

The next day saw some 
good and sweaty rugby 
with close matches aga inst 
Davis and Santa Cruz both 
won by UCSD. The final 
game was against UCSB for 
second place. Nobody had 
stopped them all tourna-
me nt e cept UCLA, unt il 
UCSD came along, but 
they weren't able to stop 
t he m i n' th e f ina l 30 
seconds and they pulled it 
out 4-3. Then ca me the 
eat ing and drinki ng lay-off 
for the ho lidays. 

Th e pos t - ho li da y 
tourney was last weekend 

at Ocean Beach. The Tri ton 
Ruggers started out with a 
smashin g victory ove r UCR 
13-0. Then they met the 
large and e xpe ri e nced 
lARC, the subsequent se-
cond place team, and lost a 
close one 4-0. They then 
came back to beat OXY 7-4 
on a last minu te score by 
Da\(e Gs c hwend . Then 
another close loss 6-0 to 
the College All-Star team 
composed mainly of UCLA 
players. The play was then 
interrupted by an all night 
drinking and dancing affair 
at the B.AHIA TO KEEP 
EVERYON E LOOSE FOR 
THE NEXT MOR NING' S 
GAMES. Sunday brough t 
on Eag le Rock and the 
UCSD scru b was decimated 
by a broken cheek, stiff 
neck and too much bour-

bon and lost a close one 8-
7. 

Wh ile all this was going 
o n, other Triton ruggers 
got together for a spirited 
but rugged match against 
twenty-nine Palms RC. The 
Marines pulled this one 
o ut 18-12. This weekend 
p rings a full day of Rugby 
to UCSD. The festivi ties 
star t at 10 a.m. with UCSD 
III go ing aga inst SO State II. 
Then, at 11 : 45, UC5D II will 
take on UCLA II I. At about 
1 :30 p.m. t he main e vent 
w ill take place, UCLA I vs. 
UCSD I fo r the fi rst time in 
h istory and as the su n sets 
UCLA II will go against SD 
State I. For a finale Wazoo 
will lead his animals in a 
spirited rendition of " Old 
McDonald's Farm." 

Music 72 
continued from page 5 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• i un;ve~:~ Luther::e~hurch I 
The emotional quality of Miles Davis' musical direc-

tions has faltered in places and triumphed in others, 
bu t the u ninhibited vigor of the new music is a valid 
position wi th many possibilities. Perhaps the outstan-
di ng album of this rock-jazz wonder and the essential 
statement of the art is Mahavishnu John Mclaughlin's 
Th e Inner Mounting Flame with the Ma havishnu 
Orchestra . One ti me collaborator with Miles on In a 
Silenl Way and other recent albums, Mclaughlin has 
formed his own explosive grou p. He is an inspired 
musician playi ng devout, incred ibly rapid guitar on his 
own compositions glorifying spiri tual awareness . The 
sound is tumult uous and unsettl ing but also precise, 
ingenio us and delicately enlightening. He is frantic but 
always controlled , and the mixture of rock and jazz 
demands attention. The basic quality of statement, 
improvisation and restatement is there, but the im-
provisation is more than an exploration of possibilities. 
The style is not one of emotional release or unwinding 
of inhi bitions, but conversely a building of tension , an 
incessant spiraling inward of speed and agility that 
elevates as it agitates. Unlike so much of rock which 
seeks this uplift through volume and abbreviated 
dexterity, Mclaughlin achieves his goal by playing for 
himself. He once said that he is only an instrument of 
God, that he is playing with that belief alone, that God 
is the Supreme musician. That is a devotion that 
histrionics cannot touch. The Inner Mounting Flame is 
by far the best of the year. 

t: Worship Services Interim Pastors: i 
10 A.M . Sundays Herbert Albrecht 

i Paul Gabrielsen Feedback N I 0 : • 11 :15 e s as i 
t t 
t : i ~tP~~ ~ Students New kgid Are ?ordia lly Welcome 
\ ............................ . 
r. 

Phone 4 53-6455 
3943 G o vernor Drive 
UN IVERSITY CITY 

Governo r & Genesee 
Hours: Sunday thru Thursday 3:00 P. M. - 11:00 P.M. 

Friday 8. Sa turday 3:00 P.M . - 12:00 A.M . 
Mode with li ttle C'S Reol Ita lian Sauce and Select Blended C heese ... 

f r om g iant 6000 ovens in the wi nd ow. 
YOUR FAVORITE PIZZA MADE 

Sm. Med. 
10" 12" 

Cheese. • . .. • 1. 15 
Ground Beef • • 1.60 
Green Pepper. • • • 1.60 
Block Olives. • • •• 1.60 
Onion . • • . • . •• 1.60 
Pepperoni. • • • 
Mushroom. 

1.80 
1.80 

Hom .••••••• 1.80 
Bacon •••• • 
Italian Sausage • . 
Cheese: Choice of 

• 1.80 
J.80 

1.40 
2.00 
2 . 00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.20 
2.20 
2. 20 
2. 20 
2. 20 

TO ORDER 
Ex. 

Lg. Lg . 
14" 16" 

1.95 
2.60 
2.60 
2.60 
2.60 
2.75 
2.75 
2. 75 
2.75 
2.75 

2. 65 
3. 25 
3.25 
3. 25 
3.25 
3.45 
3. 45 
3 . 25 
3.45 
3 . 45 

two items •••• 2.10 2. 45 2.95 3 . 75 
Cheese: Choice of 

three items. • • 2. 30 2.70 3 . 25 3. 95 
Little CiS Special: Cheese, Bacon, Hom, Onion, 

Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Green Pepper, 
(Anchovies on request) 2. 95 3. 45 4. 00 4 .70 
EXTRA ITEMS • • ••• 35 . 45 .55 .65 

CHICKEN MENU 
CHICKEN SNACK COUP 

2 pcs. Chicken, Fries, Roll, Cole Slow •• •• 99~ 
CHICKEN DlNNER COUP 

.. pes . Chicken, Fries, Roll, Cole Slaw .• .• 1 . 45 
CHICKEN THRIFT COUP 

8 pcs. Chicken O nly .... .. . . ... . ..... 2.45 
CHICK EN HOUSE FULL 

16 pcs. Chicken, 4 Ro lls..... . •• . . ... .. 3.99 
CHICKEN BARN FULL 

20 pes . Chicken Only . . . .. .. . ... . .. .. . 4.95 
( 25e EXTRA FOR ALL WHITE OR DARK MEAT ) 

Cheese .... 
Cho'ce 01 Iny One ,Iem 
ChOIce 01 Iny Two "em, 
Cho,ce 01 Iny Thr" "ems 
lillie <:MM,'I S p..:ill 

.... 

1 40 265 
200 325 
24il 3 65 
2703 95 I 

3~ ~ 50 

20% OFF WITH STUDENT 1.0 . ON PICK-UPS ONL Y 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BA K 

327 F. Street 
PAYS DONORS 

for serv ice 
Tue.-Fri. 

9:45-5:30 
Sat. 9 :3085:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233-8328 

TEACHERS 
EXCHANGE OR 

RENTIYOUR 
HOME'THIS VACATIO N 

VACAnON EXCHANGE 
providl!1 ·Iistings of available 
teilcher homes throughout 

Cillifornlil, New Yorl< 
for free Informltion. write 
TlACHm' VACATION EIotAHCI 
OepU 
'.0. 1014427 
' ......... c.III. ",. 

jyCJf,1~£~ 
OFFERS 

50¢ 
Dinners 

every nite 
488-18i2 

4343 Ocean Blvd 
at the foot of Grand 
Pacific Beach 

USE .. . 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Un ion 
for new and used car, 
t ruck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our " Automa· 
tion" (Auto Information 
S rvice) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer discounts and 
market values of new 
a nd used ca rs. Your 
endlt Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
amI saves you money. 

Un iver ity & Stete Employee 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred t. 297·1838 
5191 Colle e Av . 286·4210 

Page 7 Friday, Jan uary 12, 1973 Triton Times 



announcements 
frid,. 

Internationil Club 
Gathering, FrldlY Jan. 12,8 
p.m., International Center 
Lounge, Matthews Cam-
pus. (EF) 

BLUEGRASS, bluegrass, 
bluegrass music. There will 
be a BI uegrass concert Fri. 
Jan . 19th in Revelle 
Cafeteria and admission is 
FREE. Featured will be : The 
Country Gazette (Byron 
Berline - 3-time national 
Fiddling Champ), and back 
by popular demand, Kajsa 
Ohman (singer/songwriter 
from Montana). 
BLUEGRASS is Exciting 
American Music. (1/19) 

A representative from the 
UCLA Graduate School of 
Management will be on 
campus Fri. afternoon, Jan . 
12 in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge, to discuss their 
MBA program offering 
specialties in such fields as : 
arts management, finance, 
accounting information 
ystems, and comparative 

business and international 
management. For info, ca'lI 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, Ext. 2401 . (1 / 12) 

SPORTS CAR RALL YE 
Tonight , Friday - Zoo 
Parking Lot - 7 p.m. -
entry fee $2. Bring wheels 
(sports car not necessary), 
pencil, paper (cl ipboard 
and fla sh light helpfu l). 
Finish at Mr. G's Pizzeria in 
EI Cajon . Trophies for top 
finishers. San Diego Sports 
Car Club. (1 / 12) 

Come to a Sabbath Dinner 
ton ite, Fri., Jan . 12, 6:00 
p . m . , at the Muir 
Apar me nts Lounge . (1/ 12) 

saturday 
There will be a ge neral 
meet ing for new and re tur-
ning Pre-med voluntee rs at 
th e V.A. Hosp ital. Th is 
meet ing will be held on 
Sat., Jan . 13th, 11 :00 am, in 
the Mult i-purpose Room at 
the V.A. Among the topics 

for sale 
eed a home for a Yamaha 

50 ... only $80 and it 's yours. 
Als o a nice Whirlpool 
washer for $25. Call 753-
2367. (1 / 12) 

Sk i boots size 9. Large . 
Plastic bkle. Ex. condo $40 -
755-7885 (1/ 12) 

Li ke th e Big BOSE 901 
sound but not the Big BOSE 
901 PRICE? Then you ' ll love 
what you hear at 565-2781 . 
(1/ 12) 

AlO bino. microscope. Cat. 
O. XL 10BU-Q, e x. condo 

best o ffe r. Call Don 453-
1451. (1/ 16) 

'69 Datsu n 2000, 5 speed, 
fast : $1 ,080 . Strobe o r 
black light, $1 5. Dave Cole 
Xl045, 755-3568. (1/16) 

'62 VW Van Nith '65 rebui lt 
engine. $42',. all 453-5123 
or 276-157t aft r 7 p.m. 
(1 / 16) 

G m inha n ,t fl ute, excel. 
ond . - $1 10 - Diane aft e r 

6 - 755-8414. (1116) 

Books - t w: The Study of 
Folklor by DlJ ndas, $7.00; 
and A Core p t Approa h 
to Spanish )y 0 Si lva and 
Lov t, $7.(0. Holly S Ivin, 
453-4679. (" /1 6) 

Ros wood class. guitar, ex -
cI. cas , still $lo%ff r; also 
H rmes typwr. W . Sp., Fr., 
$l00/off r. T. Ba," , R vei l 
Lit/ 274-2037. (1/ 12) 

SKIS . $20 180 cm. w, 
wit hou t binrltngs, wood n. 
$40, 190 cm '" good ond i-

will be a feedback-type dis-
cussions on the w ak and 
strong points of this 
volunteer program. All Pre-
med volunteers are urged 
to attend . (1/12) 

sunday 
Duplicate Bridge Tour-
naments will now be held 
every Sun. at 7:45 p.m. in 
the Revelle North Dining 
Hall . 25¢ playing fee. Prizes 
& Refreshments. Informa-
tion - Barry, 453-2209. 
(ESU) 

The Tennis Club starts off 
the Winter Quarter with a 
Round Robin Tournament 
on Sun., Jan. 14, 9-12 noon; 
1-4 Muir tennis cts . 
Everyone welcome. (1/12) 

The La Jolla Jewish Com-
munity is giving a. Bagels 
and Lox brunch this Sun. 
10-12 :30 at the Rosen 
Residence, 8676 Dunaway. 
For info call 453-4568. (1/12) 

monday 
SOAR I NG CLUB. The 
soaring club is back and is 
look ing for new members. 
We' re the nuts you see 
bombing back and forth 
over the cliffs. Come to the 
meeting in 2C 1110, Mon. 
the 15th, 7:30 p.m. Info -
272-9932. (1/12) 

Are you interested in a 
career in psychotherapy, 
community o rganization, 
education, and learning 
problems, organizational 
development, crisis centers 
and hotlines , groups , 
growth centers? Come 
meet informally with 
professionals working in 
these fields to get ac-
qua i nted , and to get 
specific information about 
graduate training , 
fe llowships, how to apply, 
etc . Spon s ored by 
Coun s eling and 
Psychological Services, this 
seminar in Careers in 
Applied Behavioral Science 
will meet Mon., Jan . 15, at 

tion w i th binding s, 
wooden . Typewriters : 
Hermes, $95. Remington, 
$60. 753-7535. (1/12) 

NORTON Comm. 69; fast, 
smooth , black . 755-8682 
eve nings. (1/12) 

'69 Honda 50. Lo mileage, 
xlnt condition , great 
transportation. $115. Call 
Gail , 459-7426. (1 / 12) 

1967 VW Bug, white with 
red inter ior , radio and 
heater. $795 or offer, Walt 
277-2220. (1/ 12) 

3 - M dry proce ss 
photocopie r, 1%5. Copies 
for 8¢ each. $40. 453-5346. 
(1/ 16) 

Son y reel - to - re el tape 
deck . Like new with 15 
tapes. $75 or best offer, 565-
2781 . (1/ 16) 

1970 VW camper van -
recentl y overhauled engIne 
- $1 ,500 or - Steve, 453-
2000 X2945 . (1/ 16) 

f)"tlhl t' bed, girl 's 3-spe d 
bike, desk, r frlg., v t cr 
hous hold items. Sue or 
haron, 276-9299. (1 / 16) 

Surfboard $60 or off r good 
ondit ion . 273-2446 ask for 

Bru e . (1/ 16) 

$100 '65 Honda, 65 C. Good 
condi tion with h 1m t. 298-
2819. (1/ 16) 

'70 Dod ge Van, auto. trans. 
6 ryl. Do ubl door on all 
sid S. Rad io , pa nel, carpet 
$2,200 . P t r, 453 -8013. 
(1/ 16) 

8:30 p.m. in Revelle's For-
mal Lounge. Additional 
info from John Andrews or 
Alice Rogers on ext. 2715. 
(1/12) 

The Third College Faculty 
and Administrallve Staff 
Meeting will be held on 
Mon., Jan . 15 at 4 p.m. in 
Conference Room A (111 
Matthews Campus). (1/23) 

Rap session on birth con-
trol, VD, and sexuality; 
Mon., Jan. 15, at 7 p.m. at 
the Rec. Center on the 

Third College Campus. 
(1/12) 

general 
ATIENTION : CHESS CLUB 
will meet on Tues. 1/16 in 
the Revelle North dining 
hall at 7:30. Please bring 
your own boards and sets. 
(1/16) 

TABLE TENNIS Tournament 
- men's, women's single 
elimination . Sign up now-
Phys. Ed. Office. (1 / 16) 

Professor Joseph Sommers 
from the University of 
Washington will give a lec-
ture on "Some Obser-
vations on the Contem-
porary Mexican Novel", 
Thurs., Jan . 18th at 4 p.m. in 
Room 2313 Bldg. 2-A. (1/16) 

There are still approximate-
ly 40 commuh::r lockers 
available from the Muir 
Dean's Office. The cost is $2 
for the remainder of the 
year. (1/ 23) 

Meetings are scheduled for 
people willing to coor-
dinate various areas in 
CALPIRG research and in-
terest projects on the 
following days : Consumer 
Protection, 12:00 Mon., Jan. 
15 ; Environment, 11 :00 
Tues . jan . 16 ; Public 
Relations, 1:00 Wed ., Jan. 
17; Board of Directors, 3:00 
Wed., Jan . 17; Government 
Responsibility, 12:00 Fri., 
Jan . 19; Education, 2:30 Fri., 
Jan . 19. All meetings will be 
held in the CALPIRG office, 

Beauty of a Bike. Harley 
125cc Rapido only 3,000 
miles. Giveaway $300. 436-
0972. (1/16) 

Lafayette LR 1500TA Superb 
sounding 70RMS Watt 
Receiver. Exc. condo 453-
8998. (1/16) 

'65 Malibu V-8, 2-dr. exc. 
condo 1 owner, 60,000 ac-
tual miles. 273-1356 after 
5:00 or wknds. (1/12) 

wanted 
Wanted : good, used copy 
of Dwass "Prob. & Stat." for 
Math 181A, call Sheri, 459-
3996 anytime. (1/12) 

" JOBS IN ALASKA" now 
available. This handbook 
covers all fields, summer 
and career opportunities. 
Plan YOUR adventurel 
$3 . 00 JIA , Box 1565, 
An c horage, AK 99510 . 
(1/26) 

Eighth edit ion of 
Samuelson's Economics for 
Econ 2B. 755-8341 ; ask for 
Mark. (1/12) 

Wanted : Keypunch r (stu -
de nt OK) to punch data for 
CALPIRG R tail Pri e Com-
parison. Apply Muir Fish 
Bowl or call Xl(l30. (1 / 16) 

Want d : a used copy of 
Linear Alg bra by John d 
Pill is . Call 583-6253. (1/16) 

ymbals want d for drum 
s t. all John at 755-1233 
aft e r 8 pm. (1 / 16) 

Wanted : Prob. & Stat. by 

the Fish Bowl on Muir cam-
pus. (1/19) 

WOMEN'S STUDIES - WLF 
will hold an open meeting 
to discuss and get your 
Ideas about Women's 
Studies at UCSD. All 
University women are in-
vited. Weds., Jan. 17,4 p.m., 
in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. (1/16) 

The UCSD Med School Film 
Series opens on Tues., Jan. 
16, with "On the Water-
front", starring Marlon 
Brando, Eva Marie Saint, 
and Rod Steiger. Shown at 8 
p.m. in Winzer Commons 
(bring pillows), BSB. Admis-
sion is 50¢. (1/16) 

Sailing Team Recruiting -
All students interested in 
the sailing tea.m come to a 
meeting in the P.E. 
classrooms on Wed., Jan. 17 
at 7:30 p.m. Eliminations 
and qualification will be 
discussed . There is a special 
need for girls for the 
women's team. (1/16) 

A repre entative from the 
UCLA Graduate School of 
Management will be on 
campus Friday, Jan. 12 in 
the Revelle Formal Lounge, 
to discuss their MBA 
program offering 
specialties in such fields as : 
arts management, finance, 
accounting information 
systems, and comparative 
business and international 
management. For further 
information, call Career-
Education Planning Ser-
vices, Ext. 2401 . (1/12) 

UCSD students who might 
be interested in career 
positions with the Naval 
Underseas Research and 
Development Center 
(NUC) may submit their 
resumes for consideration 
to be interviewed at the 
NUC Laboratory in San 
Diego on February 6, 1973. 
Resume forms are available 
from Career-Education 
Planning Services, 6th 
Floor, Bldg . 20, Muir 
College, Ext. 2401. These 
resumes must be returned 

to CEPS NO LATER THAN 
Jan . 17 to allow time for 
their review before the in-
terview date. (1/19) 

A representative from the 
UNITED CALIFORNIA 
BANK will be on campus 
Friday, Jan. 19 to talk with 
students interested in a 
career in banking . UCB 
offers a 12-month formal 
training program that will 
lead to positions as sales 
and operations managers in 
their branch offices . 
Interested in people with 
finance, sales, and technical 
aspects of banking 
backgrounds. For further 
info and to schedule an 
appointment, call Career-
Education Planning Ser-
vices, Ext. 2401. (1/19) 

A representative from the 
MCGEORGE SCHOOL OF 
LAW in Sacramento will be 
on campus Friday, Jan 19, 
in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge to talk with 
students interested in the 
study of law. For further 
info, call Career-Education 
Planning Services, Ext. 2401 . 
(1/19) 

The Adaptive Learning 
Program offers free classes 
designed to improve 
reading speed and com-
prehension. Classes will 
meet for eleven one-hour 
periods beginning Jan . 15, 
1973, as 'follows: Sec. 1, M, 
W 10 am; Sec. 2, M, W 11 
am; Sec. 3, T, Th 10 'lim. For 
additional info or to sign 
up call Barbara or Jackie at 
453-2000, ext . 2401, or 
come to R6008, 6th fl. Muir 
20. (1/12) 
Study skills classes will be 
offered by the Adaptive 
Learning Program. Six one-
hour class meetings will in-
clude such common study 
problems as preparing for 
examinations, information 
organization and time 
scheduling. Organizational 
meeting Jan. 16, 1973 11 :30 
am-12:30 pm, Conference 
Room 6086 Muir 20 6th fl. 
One section will meet T, Th 
11 am. Other times may be 

arranged. (1/12) 

Don Reed, a musician from 
L.A. will perform in the 
Revelle Cafeteria Fri., Jan. 
12, at 9 pm. Admission Free. 
(1/12) • 

Jack Anderson, Pulitzer 
Prize-winning journalist, 
will be featured Mandeville 
Lecturer this Fri., Jan . 12th. 
The lecture will be 
presented in the Casa del 
Prado, Balboa Park, San 
Diego at 8:00 pm. The lec-
ture is free and open to the 
public - made possible by 
the Mandeville Founda-
tion . (1/12) 

new courses 

Ut/Ge 103 - THE GERMAN 
BALLAD FROM HERDER 
TO GUENTER GRASS -
Students of this course will 
analyze and discull In 
depth the many fuelnatlns 
aspects of this short 
dramatic literary senre In 
its historical, social and 
cultural context. The in-
structor, Visltlns Professor 
Katharlna Mommsen, is not 
only an Internationally 
renowned scholar. Mrs. 
Mommsen Is also con-
sidered - by students In 
Europe, Canada and in this 
country - to be a most 
stimulatins and charismatic 
teacher. (1/12) 

INTRODUCTION TO 
BLACK MUSIC Course. The 
Music Department and the 
Black Interdisciplinary Se-
quence will be oUerlns a 
course THIS quarter called 
"Introduction to Black 
Music" to be tausht by Dr. 
E.A. Meadows. Descrip-
tion: An examination of 
Black Music from a 
historical perspective, 
bqInnins with Its African 
roots and contlnuins to the 
present. Includes an un-
derstanding of the orlslna 
and relatiomhlps between 
Field Hollers, Worksonss, 
Blues, Jazz, Spirituals and 
Gospel Music. In addition, 

continued on page 7 

a~vertisements for ourselves 
Dwass; Fund of Physics by 
Halliday (1970 ed.); BioI. 
110B (Mol. BioI.) texts & 
refs. 279-27% eves. (1/16) 

Wanted : good homes for 
PUPPIES, shepherd-lab mix 
free, large selection. 755-
7263 eves. (1/12) 

live by San Diego State and 
need a ride to and from 
UCSD daily. Will split cost. 
Call 287-0176 and ask for 
Dan. (1/16) 

WANTED: Chemical Prin-
ciples, Relevant Problems 
by Butler, Pacific Islands. 
Call 582-8423. (1/16) 

WANTED : French in 
Review, Lectures et 
Conversation, Recits de 
Nos Jours. Call 582-3311 . 
(1/16) 
Wanted : A Swedish -
speaking person that would 
chat a bit with a Lang. 19 
student. Call Kathy, 453-
0974. (1/16) 

Wanted : college students 
part-time to interview 
senior & grad stud nts. 462-
1816. (1/23) 

MATH/SCIENCE TUTORS 
NEEDED. The Acad mic 
Support Services ar still 
accepting students of high 
a ad mi standing (2.8 and 
above g.p.a. and 84 units 
compl t d) as tutors for 
low r division 
mathl i n cours . Any 
und rgraduat should Im-
m diately rontact Barbara 
Pingr of th Adaptive 
Learning Program , ext. 
2401 , RoOm 6008, Bldg. 

H&SS on the Muir campus 
by Tues., Jan. 16, 1973. 
Students who tutor must 
sign up for Interdis. 196 (see 
schedule of classes). (1/12) 

travel 
EUROPE-ISRAEl 

EAST AFRICA 
Student flights. Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout Europe, Russia, 
and Mexico. Official SOFA 
agent for inter-European 
student charter flights , in-
cluding Middle East and Far 
East. Student Ski Tours. 
European used car 
purchase system, Contact: 
ISCA, 11687 San Vincente 
Blvd. No. 4, L.A., Ca. 90049. 
Tel : (213) 826-5669, 826-
0955. (212) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND. 
No more club feesl 50 
Departures, also NYC, 
Japan & Australia. Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: ISTC, 
323 N. Beverly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca. 90210, (213) 275-
8180. 

lost and found 
Found : old-fashioned 
maroon/white print bag. 
Amb r handl S. Call 453-
1742. (1/12) 

Found : pair of wir -framed 
glass s in pink carrying 
cas . Claim In Triton Times 
offi . (1/12) 

LOST: A r v rsibl light 
and dark blue jacket . Left In 
HL Aud. on Thur ., D . 7. 

Please call Oick at 453-7599. 
(1/16) 

Please return my Chem 
143A lab notebook when 
finished. Great sentimental 
value. Jim Weseman . (1/16) 

Found Parakeet near Muir 
Apts . De c . 15 . Leave 
message in Triton Times of-
fice. (1/16) 

services 
BMWSAAB 

CONTINENT AL MOTORS 
6010. HIli 

Oceanside 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars (1/30) 

Spiffy typing on IBM Selec-
tric II. From 75¢ per page. 
453-5346. (1/16) 

housing 
Fem. roommate needed -
own room, 4-bed house -
Cardiff, $66. 753-8807; 453-
2122; or 6450 2A. (1/16) 

Ne d 2 female roommates 
for 3-bedroom house, 
Solana Beach, $78 plus 
utilities. Feb. 1. 755-6918. 
(1/12) 

, 

$350 Encinitas - New 4BR, 
2BA, Fm. rm., F'plc., bit-ins, 
drapes, carpeting, fenced . 
453-3285. (1/12) 

like Kids? I am offering my 
home, board & salary for 
babysitting, light 
housek eping. Call Sylvia, 
239-2072 daytime or 278· 
3635 after 7 p . m . & 
weekends. (1/12) 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, January 12, 1973 


