
Volume 20 Number 18 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA . SAN OIEGO Tue day. l\o\'emher r . l (r ~ 

The Decline Of Student Activism: An Analysis 
Photo: Smith 

Four years ago last month, 500 students from UCSD 
walked en masse to La Jolla , distributing anti-war 
literature d()Or to door. 

On May 23 of that year, 2000 students crowded into 
the gym to protest the presence of the National Guard 
on the UC Berkeley campus. Three days earlier, a crowd 
of nearly 1000 persons overwhelmingly voted to strike 
against Berkeley violence. Similar demonstrations 
occurred on all the UC campuses. 

Throughout that year, UCSD students took active 
interest in the work of the UC Regents- their con-
sideration of curriculum, their firing of professors who 
refused to sign a "Ioyalty oath", their opposition to the 
rehiring of Philosophy professor Herbert Marcuse. 

Student~ opposed the presence on campus of 
recruiters from the Marines and Genreal Electric. And 
were concemed with the growing notion of a Third 
College. 

This year, at rallies involving the Chilean coup and 
migrant farm workers, several hundred people sat, 
listened to speakers, watched movies, nodded their 
heads, and left. This peak of enthusiasm had leveled 
somewhat by last week, when the only people at a 
"rally" on the Muir Lawn to oppose construction of a 
Villa La Jolla Safeway were those who were already 
asleep on the grass when the demonstration leaders 
came with their microphones. Eventually, they played 
"Volunteers" on a phonograph and left. 

A decline in activism? Maybe. We don't know why, of 
course. It could be mass apathy-indeed, the entire 
country, faced with numerous crises--constitutional, 
govemmental, energy, and Middle East- seems a bit too 
calm and silent. But is it apathy, or what some claim is a 
shift from violence--physical action--toward in -

tellectualism, and thought, and logical consideration of 
issuesl There aren't any Vietnams right now and 
Vietnam was very easy to think about. A right and 
wrong seemed to be obvious to everyone, and many 
demonstrations and arguments didn't go much beyond 
that. 

Well, let's take .he defeat of Proposition One, which 
many say was caused by a massive grass roots cam-
paign. How detp did we go on that one? Most of the 
arguments we heard were centered on about two points: 
"You'li have to pay more tuition", and " It' li get Reagan 
elected president." The latter is highly speculative, the 
former profoundly selfish. Yet they were the two 
arguments that seem to have gotten out the vote at 
UCSD. It worked, but is this defeat, the only really 
active expression of any kind of mass sentiment at 
UCSD, indicative of a growing respect for thought and 
consideration? Most of us probably didn't even read the 
proposition. 

What we' re trying to say here is that four years ago 
activism, or simply outward expressions of caring for 
other people, or for the school , or just for things other 
than the interests of OURSH VES seemed a little more 
common. So this is a series of four articles: three of 
history, and.one of interviews with the teachers and the 
few students on campus who might remember 1969, and 
who might be able to tell us what has happened. We 
hope we find an answer. 

The first arti cle, following , is a brief recap of act ivism 
during the 1967-1968 year on the UCSD campus. 

* * * * + * * 

The University of California at San Diego in 1%7 was 

essentially a brand-new, fresh place The Tr iton Time , 
formed at the end of the 1%6-1%7 year as the op-
position press to the existing (liberal ) UCSO Indicator, 
proudly ran photographs of models of the Central 
LIbrary and the Medical school (to be built), and Muir 
College (in the process) . eedless to say, there was 
much looking forward . 

But during the first months of the year, there seemed 
to be little concern for the newly-escalated war In 
Southeast Asia ; rather, the issue that literally pervaded 
the school (wh ich was, remember, basically Revelle 
College) was the Creat Cafeteria Crisis Under a plan 
begun that year, resident students were not allowed to 
eat with commuti ng students . And faculty members, 
with whom sutdents wanted to discuss "questions of our 
age" (TI, Oct. 13, 1%7), couldn't enter either dining 
hall without paying. 

Fortunately, after everal committee had been 
formed, and follOWing frenzied es ions of the 
Academic Senate, the crisis was ended, Without 
bloodshed or Loss Of Life. 

War is Hell 

The first indication of a political consc iou ness came 
in the October 27 Times , when the editorialist admited 
" War is Hell ," chastised anti-war prot stors for their 
"emotion-lade ned rhetoric", and stated that com-
munism was " still a threat ." The pap r oppo ed con-
cession, with a look-where-it-got-u -i n-Korea stance, 
and sugge ted feelings that the war was immoral could 
be compromised . 

On ovember 11, the Students of the Independent 

Continued on pg. 11 

Grant For Third College Biomed. Program To Be Considered 
On 0 cember 3, 4, and 5, a site visit team 

from t he Nationa l Institute of Haith will 
visit the UCSO campus to investigate Third 
Coil g' Minority S hoo l Biomedical 
Support grant app l ication. This team wi ll 
particulari ly va luate the amount of en-
thusia m both students and faculty at UCSO 
posses for obtai ning the grant. 

Dr. Wi ll ie Brown , program director for the 
Minority School ' Biom ed i I Support 
program, mphatically pointed out to the 
stud nt who attended last Tue days 
me ting concerni ng the grant, that although 
techn ically this year, Th ird colleg has a 
good chan e of obtaining the grant such 
chances will be hindered or destroyed if 
students and facu lty do not exhibit a high 
degr of nthusia m in th program . 

Dr. Brown ontinu d by a k ing th f w 
stud nt who attend d the m ting to 

ncourage th i r fri nds and fellow tud 'nt 
to m t w ith th sit team 0 . 3, from 1:30 
to 2: 0 at the Int rnational C nt r. Thi 
m ting ha en d ign d not only for 
stud nts to qu tion th t am about th 
pro ram butal 0 to d mon t rat th ir de ire 
to ta Ii h th program at U O. Dr 
Brown again str ed in a r nt int rvl W, 
that th 0 mber me tlng with th it 
t am would be n Important d t rminln 

factor in whether or not Third's grant ap- references, motivation, and intere t in the 
plication would be accepted by the objective of the program ." 
National In stitute of Health . There are two basic obj ctive for th 

COALS AND OBJECTIVES Mino~itie . Biomedic~1 upport Program 
The first I to acquaint tudent of upper 
division standing to variou laboratory 
t hnique such a co lumn diomatography, 
pap r chroatography, ultracentrofugation, 
has chromatograph, and wentillation 
counting, through an accredited cour e in 
laboratory skill . " It i expected that if th 
tudents acquire the basic kills out ide of 

th ir regular laboratory a ignm nt they 
can mor rapidly d vote their att ntion to 

Winter Quart r, 
D E ten sion : 

AND HEALTH 

v nln 
-7 pm In 

R m 1110, P y hology (nd 

the de Ign and exe ution of e p nment . 
Thus, the e tudent hould a ume role as 
junior inve tigator rath r than laboratory 
helper ." 

The econd obI tive I to Involve 
tud nts in variou rear h program 
cientists from n ighboring laboraton , 
uch as ripp , and profe or at U 0 

who have e pr ed an a tive intere t in th 
program will adopt two to four tud nt Into 
th ir laboratories . The e tud nt willw ork 
directly wi th the cienti t and prof or 

ontlnued on pg 

ommunl at 
phy i ian , over 
cultural ob ta I 



• / 

Light Their Fires 
The Fire Safety Action Group of the San Diego 

Chamber of Commerce has announced they are now 
accepting entries for the annual Miss Flame Contest. 

The Action Group, headed by Fred Jillson, will 
provide a $500 savings bond to the contest winner, 
selected for her poise and beauty. Miss Flame will 
participate in year round activities to promote fire 
safety throughout the San Diego area . Her first ap-
pearance will be in the L a Jolla Christmas Parade on 
December 9th . 

Single girls over 18 should submit a short resume with 
a recent picture to Miss Flame Contest, San Diego 
Chamber of Commerce, 233 "A" Street, San Diego 
92101 . Contest entries will close November 30, 1973. 

Further information may be obtained by calling the 
Chamber at 232-0124, extension 58 . 

Peace Corps Degree Program 
To many college students in our nation the biggest 

question is how they can use their college education to 
benefit others without having a Master's or Ph.D. 
degree. For those freshmen and sophomores interested 
in math and science, the State University of New York 
may have the answer. 

On the campus of the State University at Brockport 
there exists a unique program known as the Peace 
Corps/ College Degree Program . The program, the only 
one in the U.s .A., was started at Brockport in 1967, for 
the purpose of training teachers in math and science 
areas to be stationed overseas as Peace Corps volunteers 
for two years. 

The program, which lasts for 15 months, is geared 
t()wards training volunteers who have finished the 

~uivalent of a two year program, 60 credits, with 
enough hours in their math or science major to finish in 
four semesters . The graduates, who minor in French, 
receive a Bachelor's Degree and provisional New York 
State Teacher Certification . 

The co-directors of the Program, Dr. Miller and Mr. 
Noble stress that there is a serious need for trained 
teachers, one that Peace Corps is helping to' fill, so if 
you qualify for this prog~am and are interested in 
teaching in Africa, write to : Peace Corps/ College 
Degree Program, 112 Hartwell Hall, SUC Brockport, 
Brockport, New York 14420. 

Moscone Jeeps It. 
Promising a trip that will allow him to "campaign" 

among the people," State Senator George Moscone 
announced today he will travel the length of California -
- by jeep - beginning Monday, November 26. 

Moscone, a San Francisco Democrat who has made 
little effort to conceal his desire to win the Democratic 
nomil)ation for Governor next year, outlined details of a 
trip that begins at the Oregon border Monday morning 
and winds its way 2,500 miles to the Mexican border at 
San Ysidro . 

" I'm an elected offi cial from a very urban area. The 4-
wheel vehicle that I will use not only symbolizes the 
vast differences among Californians, but enables me to 
g(.' to places where other vehicles can't go in a California 
w nler. 
"I will vi sit about 160 communities in 30 counties 
b< ~t~een November 26 and December 15. I hope to 
rreet as many people as poss ible, including those who 
disagree with what I have tri ed to do for California ," 
So id 5t lla tut Mo~co l"e 

Senato r Moscon e, who has spent' a great deal of time 
ir outhern California since the legislature adjourned, 
h lS served as Democratic Floor Leader In the Senate 
si10e 1967. Prior to his election as Senator from San 
Flancisco, Mos one erved as Sup rvisor from San 
Francisco County . 

Ih the Senate, in addition to his position as Majority 
Floor Leader, Moscone s rves on the committees on 
Education, Haith & Welfare, Judiciary, Industrial 
r. littlon, and Elections & Reapportionment. He is 
hairman of th S nate Subcommitte on Nutrition and 

Human N ed and of th Senate I cl ommitt on 
the Control of Marijuana. 

Senator Moscone will app ar In San Diego on 
Saturday, Decemb r 15. 

Page 2 Triton Tim s, 
~qv,m~r ~1' 19.7~ 

Commentary 

Third College:Myth and Reality 
By Holly Hitzeman 

"Seemed", and "ap-
peared to be" are phrases 
used quite frequently in the 
proceedin g quotations by 
students at Revelle and 
Muir concerning their views 
towards Thi rd Col lege. 
Perhaps such uncertainties 
amongst Revelle and Muir 
students stem from the 
myth of Third College at 
U.C.S.D., which is often 
taken to be fact. 

One says "perhaps" as it 
is evident there are greater, 
and more complex reasons 
behind why many students 
look at Third as a Third 
World; as a college " over, 
down there," than what 
appearances show. The 
most important discovery 
I've made when examining 
some of the problems at 
Th ird th is quarter, is the 
unfortunate fact , most 
people just don't know 
what Third college is all 
ABOUT. The curriculum at 
Third is often thought to be 
inferior, or "not designed 
for my goals," by many 
Revelle and Muir students. 
The facts are however, that 
although several of the 
introductory classes for 
freshman at Third are 
designed for minorities, the 
overall curriculum is 
comparable to that of both 

Rev~lle and Muir . Ed 
Tafoya , Third 's resident 
dean stated in a recent 
interview, "The curriculum 
is not lesser than that at 
Muir and Revelle ." 

Myths, uncertainties, and 
doubts can hi nder or 
destroy basic relations 

between people, whether 
the relation is between 
blacks, blacks and whites, 
chica nos and blacks, 
chicanos and whites, one 
college and another. It is 
the hope that this article, 
and the articles which will 
proceed this one on Third 
College will impart in-
formation to all students at 
U.C.S.D. as to what really is 
"going on at Third." If 
nothing else, attitudes fe lt 
by both Muir, Revelle, and 
Third college students will 
be revealed so that students 
can evaluate such attitudes 
and myths as things which 
should or should not exist. 

Exemplifying the types of 
uncertainties about Th ird 
prevelent among many 
freshmen at U .C.S.D. are 
the comment s by Jon 
Newman, a freshman at 
Muir . Jon stated the reason 
why he did not choose to go 
to Third college were one; 
"In all the pamphlets I 
received from U .C.S .D., 
Third College was described 
as a college for minorities, 
that's all. Not being of a 
minority race I didn' t think 
that it would be the college 
for me . Not knowing 
anything about the 
curriculum I assumed that 
the classes would be 
orientated towards minority 
students which it is to a 
certain extent. Honestly, I 
am not terribly interested in 
any class that specifically 
orients itself to a certain 
race. Secondly, my mother 
is from Louisiana and would 
be none too happy about 
me living with any race 
except white. I have had 

unfortunate experiences 
with several people of a 
minority race so I did have 
some apprehension . I have 
a very limited knowledge 
about the curriculum at 
Third College and I cannot 
make any important 
comments about its 
structure or purpose. 

" I personally like the 
seemingly more relaxed 
atmosphere of. Third 
College and all t he people I 
have met from there, I like. 
I have a music class at Third 
College and it is one of my 
favorite classes . I cannot 
say however, that the class 
is great because it is a Third 
College c lass." 

Another freshman who 
became discouraged from 
remaining at Third by ' other 
students, his parents and 
counselors stated, " I 
originally enrolled in the 
Third College program 
because I was interested in 
the Urban and Rural Studies 
program but then I was 
discouraged with my choice 
by other students who saw 
Third College as only a 
minority school as well a5 
by my parents and coun-
selors . Therefore, I got 
redirected to Muir College 
where I feel I am getting a 
good education . I still 
retain the idea that Third 
College is basically for 
minority students and have 
heard that it is having 
problems getting going .. The 
people I have met from 
there seem to be as nice as 
any other students and 
although I admit thai. I do 
have some apprehension 
about Third College, I do 

not th ink that there is 
anything signif icantly 
wrong with i t ." 

Pat Witmark, a Third 
Co llege student was 
simi larly told about the 
inferior education at Third 
Co ll ege when she first 
entered the school . Her 
response to the situation 
however, was to "make it 
my business to strive extra 
hard to get good grades or 
better grades than Muir and 
Revelle students to show 
them that I am as good or 
better academica lly than 
they are. Still, it doesn't 
help, because if I get good 
grades, as far as t hey are 
concerned the classes are 
not as good academically 
than Muir and Revelle . Now 
that I am at Third, I would 
not change for anything in 
the world ." 

From the discussions I . 
have had with various · 
students from Revelle, .' 
Muir, and Third, it has ' 
become recognizable to me 
that generalities by all : 
student have in many wayS" 
been transformed into hard· ' 
core facts and opinions!: 
The next article in thi\ . 
series will specifically deal 
with the facts about the 
curriculum at Third and itl ' 
students . Fact is, Third is ' 
part of the UCSD un iver ity:' 
Students at Third are 
considered, in referen ce to 
admissions, on the sam~ 
basis as those at Revelle 
and Third . There does exist 
a specia l action committee 
at Third wh ich allows some 
students into the college 

"McCarthy Era" Subject of Belfrage Talk 
Author Cedric Belfrage 

will discuss "rhe Joseph 
McCarthy Era" at 4 p .m. 
Thursday, Nov. 29, in the 
International Center on 
Matthews Campus. 

The lecture, which is free 
and open to the public, is 
sponsored by the UCSD 
Campus Program Board. 

Belfrage, a socialist, was 

deported from the United 
States in 1955 under the 
Walter-McCarran Act for 
refusing to discuss his 
political activities in 
questioning before Senator 
McCarthy and the House 
Un-American Activities 
Committee. 

The writer, a co-founder 
and former editor of t he 

independent weekly 
newspaper National 
Guardian, now lives in 
Mexico with his American 
wife. 

His most. recent book, 
"The American Inquisition, 
1945-1%0," is an account of 
repression in this country 
during the Cold War period . 
The book surveys cases of 

legal, economic, in· 
tel lectua l , moral and 
spiritual persection of 
American citizens with 
Leftist beliefs. 

He has had 10 books 
published in his countr"y, 
including " Away From It 
All ," "Abide With Me" and 
" My Master Columbus." 

Third College 
whose g.p.a.'s highschool 
background were below the 
U.c. admission standards. 
Such students are .thus 
given a chance to 
demonstrate their abilities 
atThird . However, there are 
only a few students at Third 
who entered the college 
under these circumstances; 
not a majority. 

Che ryl Lo Smith , a 
sophomore at Third 
com mented, " Muir and 
Revelle students believe 
that Third College is below 
normal academic levels just 
becaus e it's centered 
around minorities. Well , 
they' re wrong. Regardless of 

what R~velle and Muir 
students think, the UC in 
the front stands for 
University of Ca lifornia, 
which means that we (the 
Third College students), sti ll 
have to pass through the UC 
requirements to get in, and 
the professors must do the 
same." 

It is hopefully obvious, 
this arti cle has not at-
tempted to conclude that 
all students at Muir and 
Revelle and Third can be 
generali zed as possessing 
the opin ions of the students 
prev ious ly quoted . Fur-
thermore it is not pretended 
that if all students at Muir 
and Revelle become aware 

Biomed. Program 

Continued from pg. 2 

of the actual curriculum at 
Third, all previous doubts 
and prejudices will be 
erased . There is not one or 
two, but many barriers 
wh i ch are presently 
preventing the co lleges at 
UCSD from becoming 
united as one school, or 
respected by each other as 
one school. I cannot expect 
to sy nopsi s the inter-
col legiate sit uation , or 
solve it. Therefore readers, 
you will not see any 
brilliant or perceptive 
conclusions or answers in 
this series. It is only hoped 
that answers will be more 
easily recognized as facts 
are unveiled . 

Continued from page 1 

their investigations. Among the projects committment to minority study. Thus, 
being proposed for approval under the grant UCSD, having 16% of their total student 
will be an investigation under Dr. William body of minority groups, and an expressed 
Brown, "to determine the role of autolysin curric~lum at Third College committed to 
or other tvtic enzymes in the differentiation minonty study, has extremely good chances 
of bacteria." to obtain the grant. 
Estimated budget for the Program 

The total budget for the five year research IMPORTANCE OF THE PROCRAM 
program is approximately S2,225,OOO. This It is evident that there exists a great need 
budget has been calculated to cover project for the development Of. minorities in. the 
costs, administration funds, and the student na~ural and phYSical sCiences. A National 
stipends . Students working in the SCience Foundation survey taken rn . 1970 
laboratories on projects will be paid S320 showed that of the graduate students In t';:e 
per quarter or S960 working full time in the sCiences across the country, less than 1 ~ 

, were native born minorities. The overall summer . . 
Again it ' is emphasizeO the seriousness objective of the Third College Research 

~ . 

Fotomlt 
OAF 
e •• tmlnkod.k 
Full 

Film 

Agf. 
Ifford 
H & W control 

~Cal11era 
~St()rC 
;= lInn'ersit\' Cit\' 
>=:4083 1000RNOii DRIVEAT IEIESEE 
>:' 453-5753 
-

Cine Cameras 

Argus/Coalna 
V •• hle. 
Kocak 

Nlzo 
Sankyo 

~Camera 
~Stnrc 
;= lInn'l1-sit\' Cit\' 
-:-.. 
>:' 
-

rll~ l'oIl11Jk.1e 
I liSt'uunt l~ln1l1,1 St(M"C 

B & W Paper 

Kodak Ilford 
Alta Unlcolor 

and importance of establishing the program Program, in response to this need for· better 
at Third . Keeping the preceding budget representation of the minorities in the a. ______________ -.. 
figures in mind, it should become even sciences, is stated quite effectively in the 
more apparent that a substnatial amount of grant application : 
enthusiasm must be found by the site team "This program is designed to provide 
at UCSD in order for the program's grant to research training for minority un-
be approved. dergraduate students beginning with 35 in 

Last year, a mrer technicality within the the first year and increasing to 100 students 
guide lines of the Minority Schools in the fifth year .. ... lt is antiCipated that the 
Biomedical Support program, prevented training received by these students will 
Third College from receiving the grant. The provide them with sufficient motivation, 
guidelines were such that on ly colleges and experience, and expertise to compete 
universities with a majority of minorties strongly fo. advanced training in the 
were approved upon consideration by the biomedical sciences . These students should 
Institute of Health . This year, however, the provide a pool of highly qualified minority 
guidelines have been changed to include sutdents who will eagerly be sought after by 
colleges which have a substantial amount of the nation's leading graduate, medical and 
minorities and/or have demonstrated a dental schools." 

CAMPUS 
~ TRAVEL SERVICE 

UCSD International Center 
Next to Gallery 8 

See Bill Keller, 4ti2-O~ 
10-12 am, 2-5 pm, Mon. thru Fri. 
Fly Christmas 

(UCSD Cha .... A' ... 
Round Trips 

Seats ~tlil Available 

N?JVV(JI($'OO 
LA'NawYak ~ 14 
11A DC8 ' Jan 1 

1lEBAI~'" 
LA'FnIaport 
llADC8 0.;. a 

Available only to ut:SD students, faculty, 
and their immedl8te families 

Also 
Tripping Magazine, Ski nips 
International Student 1.0. cards, 
Youth Hostel Cards, Group travel arrallljed 
Eurall Passes, Passport Application&. 

., 'he cortrr 
S.D. PREMIERE PRODUCTION 

tarlmanial 
In 

Dark Old man 
by Lonne Elder III 

NOW THRU DEC. 9 
Striving to escape from 
their Harlem ghetto exist· 
ence ., a black barber 
and two sons scheme with 
I local hustler . . . poised 
between comedy and trl,· 
edy . . . undercurrents of 
rebellion make this drlma 
. . . filled with bonest 
Vitality . . . one of power 
and importance. 

~ . 

~GlII1l.111 
.;:~. .~~",(M'C 
;= lInn'l1"Sit\' Cit" 
;::: 4083 80VE1110ii DIIVE AT@~ 
>:' 453-5753 
-

• 4 

Braun 
Vlvlter 

Flash 

Honeywell Slrobonar 

;::r: Camera 
;:;Stnrr 
;:; lIni\'rrsit\' Cit\' 
-:-.. 
>:' 
-

The l) HlllJictc 
-I )iSl'ulint (anlCl11 Stol"C 

Chemicals 

Kodak FR 
AUf. Acuflne 
IIford Unlcolor 

DARKROOM PLUMBER'· 
ask about our 

student dlscou'ntsl 

Still Cameras 
MlnOCI. 
Mlr.ndl 
M.mlya/Sekor 
Ricoh 
Va.hie. 

~ . 

Clnon 
Hon ..... well Pent ... 
Konlce 
Olympul 
Kodak 

~GlI111'11 
.::;St(N'r 

~ lInn'l,"Sit\, Cit\' 
>=:: 4083 lOVEIIIOii OlIVE AT 8EIEIEE 

~453-5753 
-

Lenses 

Vi"ltar 
Rokkor 
Takumar 

Canon 
Hexanon 
Olympul 

~Camera 
~St(N'r 
~ lInn'l1-sit\' Cit\' 
-:-.. 
>:' 
-

'Ilk: l))ll~*-1C 
I )iStlltnlt GUI1l1,l StCM"C 

~ . 

Enlargers 

MaOPU 
VI"lta, 
Ourat 

>:;:: Gll11l111 
::;St(M'C 

~ lInn'l1-sit\' Cit\' 
>=:: 4013 10VEM0ii OlIVE AT~~ 

~453-5753 
-

.. 

Unicolor Color 
Printing and Develop ing 
Systems 

~Camera 
.....;: St(N'" ~'- ~ 
~ lIl1i\'(~rsit\' Cit" 
-:-.. 

~ 
-

The l)'1l11lk.1C 
1 )iSt'UUllt l~ln~ra St()l\~ 

Complete Photofinlshing 
Services 
Repairs 
Rentals 
Trade-ins Accepted 
Used Equipment 

Monday and Tuesday 9.7 
Wed, Thurs, Frl 9-8 
Sat 9-8 
Sun 12-5 

Page 3 Triton Till'''' '' 
November 27, 197) 



by Mike Horowitz 

ven "as the A.C.l.U. began mobilizing for Richard 
rli on's impeachment, one had the uneasy but distinct 
i npression that liberals still do not know what 
Watergate is about. There is talk about the country 
"outgrowing" Nixon's national security alibis and 
Fresidential majesty. " No man is above the law," the 
liberals remind us, as if Nixon were some sulky King 
John, surrounding himself with gold and women . " He 
has irretrievably lost the trust of the nation," they cry, as 
if Nixon had been elected as " Honest Dick ." 

Any analysis of Watergate must begin with the 
question "Why now?" Watergate and related incidents 
were an attempt to use the government to sabotage the 
electoral process in the United States. But why now did 
the government feel it necessary to sabotage the 
electoral process? 

The answer, I think, is twofold . First it was believed 
that the New Left had transformed the Democratic Party 
into a genuine Left and second, it was feared that , in a 
howdown with the Democratic Party, the governm nt 

might lose. Th se three circum tances : a) a con-
servative government b) an alleged radical opposition 
and c) lack of confidence tempted the government to 
use sabotage. 

But why did they? Certainly , there have been other 
insecure con ervative governments in our history, 
notably the Hoover Administration of 1932, which did 
not embark on abotage. On the face of it, 1932 wa 
more of an emergency year for conservatives than 1972. 

But maybe not. There has grown up in this country 
since the ,Second World War a new class of wealthy 
entrepreneurs . Much has been aid of this New Class : it 
has been located in the Southwest, it has been noticed 
in aerospace, oil, and real estate, it has occasionally 
been linked with the Syndicate. But, no sooner did it 
taste prosperity, than its roots were threatened. The 
Cold War became detente, the automobile became 
unpopular, and development was countered by 
ecology. I ndeed, the Democrat program of defense 
reduction, graduated taxes, ecology, and public 
initiatives, modest as it was, struck at the basis of New 
Money. 

So what? Wealthy intere ts have been challenged 
before in America, only to use their capital in another 
manner. Why couldn't the New Money, still in their 
adolescence, still in a capitalist system, simply re-
maneuver? And here the reply does indicate a grimmer 
situation than in 1932. For, in addition to new domestic 
demands, there are new foreign demands : competition 
from Japan and Europe, resistance from undeveloped 
areas, and scarcity of raw materials . This has the effect 
of tightening the American economy and making both 
domestic and foreign investment less lucrative. 

And so it was to the Nixon Administration that many 
wealthy interests looked for assistance . And they got it. 
It was the strategy of the Nixon Administration to how 
that there wa~ no inevitabi lity about the New Politi cs . 
Ecology did not hav to strangle development, pacifism 
did not have to cripple defense, welfare did not have to 
b easily given . Conservative politics cou ld pres rv , at 
least for a whi le, the status-quo. 

But constant criticism from the media and the 
universities threatened that status-quo; rational 
arguments were being made against imperialism, 
development, and monopoly. To this threat the Nixon 
Administration responded unexpectedly . It devised, 
among other things, the Segretti strategy, whereby 
slander would be disseminated among the people 
through pamphlet and telephone . Additionally, it 
employed the Hunt kidnap (effectively used to in-
timidate Dita Beard), the Liddy break-in, and con-
templated the Colson fire (against the Brookings In-
stitute) . 

To compliment this program of " tricks," it was 
necessary to invent a euphemistic language. This 
language, mastered by Haldeman and Ehrlichman, 
couched criminal action in corporate terms. Thus 
" investigate" meant to forCibly enter, " bring to light" 
meant to slander, and "accompany" meant to kidnap. 
These euphemisms enabled officials, raised "at their 
mother's knee," to exped ite Illegal activity without 
sou nding immoral - to themselves or oth rs. 

One of the most dramatic mom nts in the Watergate 
hearings wa~ when Senator Irvin Wd~ quilling H.R 
Haldeman on the contents uf a memo. He read a 
sentence in t he memo and drew an inference. 
Haldeman's lawyer wondered how the Senator could 
draw the conclusion . "Because I can read the English 
language like my mother taught me!" thundered Irvin. 
·t he audience cheered . Sam Irvin had spoke up for the 
; nglish language - in the old sense. 

But in that confrontation, Irvin was the older man, 
'he Episcopalian, the traditionalisLHaldeman the 
(ounger, the Christian Scientist, the innovator . In-
'Iovoltor? " .re tl, .. rrimes of the Nixon Administration 
>rogressive? 

The answer is possibly yes , not from a moral stand-
')oint but from a historical one. If the current squeeze 
:>n American profit continues, the Old Money like the 

~ w Money might be hard pressed to maintain its 
;> sition . It is possibl that, in that situation , the pntire 
ruling class would r ort to abotage. In that case, 
Richard Nixon would not b astigated as a rigid has-
been but hailed as a man who saw clearly what was 
necessary to protect capital and, years ahead of his 
time, in the face of a yet-to-b -conv rt d pr SS, trov 
vainly to institute it. 

For lib rals simply to dismiss Nixon as a corrupt hack 

Page 4 Triton Times, 
November 27, 1973 

J 

OPINION 

'OH. BROTHER-DON'T MAKE ME GO THROUGH THAT AGAINI' 

is to underestimate the logic of his politics. Watergate 
was, in its conception, not a clumsy assault It was , on 
paper, a sophisticated outline, enacted by a ubtle 
official chain . Perhaps it was unnecessary, even from 
the standpoint of anxious capital. But to ignore its 
appeal is to misjudge the stakes of American politics 
and to, a priori , deny the President his place in the 
future. 

u.s. Bomb School 
by Mike Klare and Nancy Stein 

WASHINGTON, D.c.: 
A year ago, "State of Siege," the most recent film of 

noted movie director Costa-Gavras, leveled a series of 
startli ng charges at the American government. 

At one point in the film, a Uruguayan police officer 
was shown receiving training in the manufacture and 
use of explosive devices at a secret police bomb school 
in the southwestern United States . Later, the same 
officer was linked to a right-wing Uruguayan " Death 
Squad" implicated in the murders (some performed with 
explosives) of prominent Uruguayan radicals . 

For most American viewers and movie critics, these 
scenes appeared as mere cinemagraphic flourishes in a 
controversial film . Now State Department documents 
unearthed by Senator James Abourezk (D-S D.) show 
beyond a doubt that the film was unerringly accurate in 
its picture of U.S. "counterinsurgency" programs in 
Latin America. 

The existence of the Abourezk papers was first 
disclosed in Jack Ander on 's syndicated column for 
October 8, 1973 Pacific News has now received a full 
set of papers which were used in preparing the following 
story. 

The documents reveal that the U.S. government is, in 
fact, training foreign policemen in bomb-maKing at a 
remote desert camp in Texas . I n response to Senator 
Abourezk's inquiries, the Agency for Internationa l 
Development (AID) has now acknowledged that its 
Office of Public Safety (OPS) is providing such in-
struction . 

At the U.S. Border Patrol A ademy in Los Fresnos, 
Texas, foreign policemen are taught the design, 
manufacture and potential uses of homemade bombs 
and incendiary devices by CIA instructors. At least 165 
policemen - mostly from the Third World countries of 
Asia, Latin America, and Africa - have taken this 
"Technical I nvestigations Course" si nce it was first 
offered in 1969. Sixteen or more Uruguayans have 
received uch training. 

All costs of the training, rated at $1,750 per student, 
are borne by AID . Students in the Technical In-
vestigations Course first attend a four-week preliminary 
sess ion at the International Police Academy (IPA) in 
Washington, D.C. There they are treated to lectures on 
such sub jects as . Basic Electricity ("Problems involving 
electriCity as applied to explosives"), I ntroduction to 
Bombs and Explosives, I ncendiaries (" A lec-
ture/ demonstration of incendiary devices"), and 
Assass ination Weapons. 

After compl tion of the preliminary course, the 
" trainees" are flown to th Los Fre nos camp for four 
week " field sessions ." All lectures at Los Fresnos are 
delivered at an outdoor " laboratory" presided over by 
CIA instructors. The action lectures deal with such 
topics as : Characteristi s of Explosives, Electric Priming, 
Electric Firing Devices, Explosive Charges, Homemade 
Devices, ' Fabrication and Functioning D vic s, and 
Incendiaries. According to AID, these essions include 
"practical exercises" with "different types of xplosive 
devices and 'booby-traps.'" (In the fi lm State of Siege, 
sample bombs are hown being exploded in buildings, 
automobiles, and in a 'public plaza' filled with dum-
mies.) 

In a m morandum to Senator Abourezk, AID official 
Matthew Harv 'y argued that the Te hni al In-
vestigations ourse was set up to help foreign 
policemen develop "coulltE-rmeasures" against terrorist 
attacks 011 banks, orporations, and t>mbassies. 

In ord r to devE-lop ount rmea ure, h laim d, th 

trainee must fir t study "home laboratory techniques" 
used " in the manufacture ' of explosives and in-
cendiaries." Only then , according to the AID argument, 
will he be able "to take preventive action to protect 
lives and prop rty ." 

Although Harvey stressed the defensive nature of the 
training program, he admitted that the Department of 
Defense found the subject matter so inherently sensitive 
that it refused to provide instructors for the course. 

AID was thus forced to seek help from the CIA. In-
deed, once a "trainee" becomes proficient in bomb 
techniques, there is no stopping him from using them 
offensively against crimi nal enterprises or, as in State of 
Siege, against opponenfs of a ruling oligarchy. 

Such a possibility becomes more real when one 
examines a list of cou ntries represented at the Texas 
bomb school. Almost every country in Latin America, 
such conservative Middle Eastern states as Jordan and 
Saudi Arabia, and a number of Asian nations are on the 
list. 

Prominent entries include Chile (5), Brazil (6), 
Guatemala (18), the Dominican Republic (4), Boliv ia 
(3), Uruguay (16) , Thailand (10), the Philippines (5), 
Korea (3) and Iran (2) . All have pro-American govern-
ments in which the police are actively involved in 
suppressing legal and extra-legal political opposition 
movements . 

These Third World policemen (particularly in Latin 
America) are themselves engaged in terrorist activities. 
Some of them are utilizing their U.S.-suppl ied train ing 
in vigi lante assassination teams like La Mana Blanra 
(White Hand) and Ojo por Ojo (Eye for an Eye) in 
Guat mala, La Banda (The Band) in the DominI can 
Republic , and th "Death Squads" of Brazil and 
Uruguay. 

It is generally acknowledged that the e secretive 
Death Squad are made up of "off duty" policemen and 
representatives of th civil and military intelligence 
services. ("The members of the Death Squad are 
policemen," a top Brazilian judge affirmed in 1970, 
"and everyone knows it.") These groups engage in 
kidnapping, torture, assassination and bombings . Their 
victims range from petty criminals to students, 
academicians, and political activists . 

Week after week, Latin American papers announce 
the discovery of yet another body . Some estimates of 
the number of opposition figures executed by the Death 
Squads in Brazil alone exceed, 1,500. Frequently, the 
mutilated bodies of these victims are found with cards 
boasting of the work of the Death Squad - the intent 
being to intimidate the population and discourage the 
development of any opposition to the establi hed 
regime. 

U .S. governmental d sires to keep Latin America as a 
friendly political arena and an open pres rve for U S. 
corporate investment have led to support for the build-
up of powerful and ruthless police forces throughout 
the continent. 

American strategists in the CIA, the Pentagon, and 
the tate Department have long fe lt that qui t support 
for Third World police might insure the elimination of 
significant threats to pro-U .S. reginws without a visible 
Continued on pg. 11 

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 

Chicano Recruiter--J uan Trevino 

He is looking for people interested in .Graduate, 
M .A., and P.H .D , Programs. He Will be: ~x' 
plainjng possibilities for financial aids, I?ro":ldrng 
applications, and will be explaining crtteCla for 
admission . 

Date: Friday , Nov. 30 
Where: Complex Rm A , Chancellor 's complex, 
Third College 
Time: 24 p .m . 

N .S.C.F.J .M. 
Every day of the week we 

receive at our apartment 2-5 
advert isements, appeals for 
funds, and other junk mail. 
On the average, 20% of 
them come with pre-
stamped and pre-addressed 
rep ly envelopes . We 
recognize the amount of 
timber that had to be felled 
in order to produce all this 
waste paper - not to speak 
of composition and printing 
costs, etc . We hate to see 
all this material and effort 
go to waste. So, as active 
members of the National 
Soc iety for th e Cross-
Ferti li zation of Junk Mail, 
we carefully re-sort the 
stuff, reassign material into 
different pre-addressed 
e nvelopes (which 
sometimes are filled to 
capacity!), and send it off 
again . The advertizers and 
the agencies at least get the 
satisfaction of knowing that 
their mailings are being 
received and opened, and 
may even assume that some 
of them are bing read . This 
keeps everyone happy, and 
costs us nothing. 

The Southern Cal ifornia 
chapter of the N.S.C.F .J.M. 
has existed to our 
knowledge for at least 17 
years : it's ten years older 
than U.C.S.D. The Society 
has no membership list or 
fees, no officers and no 
meetings. (Th is is th only 
way we so li c it mem-
berships : we do not ad-
vertize by direct mailings.) 
We have only the moral 
oblIgation to crossfertilize 
junk mai l. Please join now, 
and do your bit. 
(Remember ' Christmas is 
coming; your efforts will be 
more needed than ever in 
the next few weeks.) 

John and Christine Dark 

Rude Blacks 
Editor : 

On Friday, November 16, 
UCSD presented two 
showings of the excellent 
movie " Lady Sings the 
Blues". I attended the ten 
o'clock showing, and was 
outraged at what I saw and 
heard while I was there. 

By 9:40, there was a line 
of people, three and four 
abreast and several hundred 
feet long, waiting to get in . 
It was c01 d and un -
comfortable, but everyone 
ca lmly stood in line for a 
half hour talking and 
visiting. About five mi nutes 
before the show began, a 
group of fifty to sixty black 
stu dents approached the 
line and merely crowded in 
front. Just who did they 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
think they were? Why did 
they happen to thi nk that 
they were more privileged 
than the hundreds of others 
who had been patiently 
waiting in line? 

When those who had 
been waiting in line began 
to complain, the group of 
rude Blacks retorted that 
this was "their" kind of 
movie and that we (the non-
Blacks) "cou ldn't relate to 
it ." Thus, the Blacks felt 
that they had justified their 
rude , childish and in-
considerate actions, and 
they simply would not 
move. The campus police 
were called in for fear that 
there would be trouble, but 
as usual the Blacks were not 
asked to wait in line like 
everyone else . I suppose the 
campus police did not want 
to upset the delicate rac ial 
situation. (Ha! Talk about 
discrimination!) So, 
pampered and pompous, 
the group of Blacks was 
allowed to enter first. 

But that wasn't the end. 
I nside it was even worse . 
Ra cial slurs and rude 
comments came from the 
group of Blacks throughout 
the whole movie. For in-
stance, the " hanky" sitti ng 
beside me was rudely told 
by a bla k young lady 
behind him to eith r move 
or sit lower because she 
cou ldn 't see ( It didn ' t 
matter that he had been 
th re long before she had 
arrived .) 

One white gentleman in 
the audienc happened to 
let out an innocent yawn 
during the movie and he 
was immediately assailed 
by an onslaught of ob-
senities from Blacks in the 
crowd . One very sweet 
mouthed black gi rl 
sugge ted that he get his 
"white mother fucking ass 
out of here" if he was so 
bored . The crude remarks 
went on and on . 

Another thing that made 
the situation very un -
pleasant was that every time 
Billie Dee Williams (the 
very handsom N gro man 
who played the leading role 
opposite Diana Ross) came 
on the screen , the black 
wom n in the audience 
began yelling and 
screaming like a bunch of 
teenie Doppers during the 
Beatie-mania era . And these 
are suppo ed to be 18-2 1 
year old adults? Half the 
time you couldn't hear the 
movie because of the noise. 

Please understand that I 
am by no means a racist . 
But I have se n this movie 
in ~ theater before, where 
again there was a large 
number of black people 

~,oo 
100 100. 4006100 .... 
.... _-

---
1JO ...... 

---
110 .lOa.»'", 

-211-11" 

present, and nothing of this 
sort occured . Everyone sat 
together and enjoyed the 
film without a single 
racially based incident 
happening. So, what is 
going on around here? 
Paul Web "honky???" 

Christs' 
Religion 

Editor, Triton Times: 
Christian Emphasis week 

was intended to present a 
Christian viewpoint on 
campus. It was sponsored 
by the Christian groups on 
campus and not by the 
University. One goal was to 
coun'er a number of 
mi'sCv'ceptions about 
Christianity which have 
arisen over the years . Many 
of these misconceptions 
appeared in a letter I by 
Robert D. Caldwell (11-16) . 
I would like to take this 
opportunity to speak to the 
issues which he raised . 

Many things have been 
done in the name of Christ 
which are repugnant to true 
Christianity . The 
Inquisition, the Crusades 
and the idea that one 
hould love one's neighbor, 

but only if he is of the same 
faith , are prime examples. 
What we were emphasizing 
was true Christianity, which 
teaches, among other 
things, that each person 
shou ld love each other 
person--regardleS'S of their 
faith , race, or even 
lovability. Do you "islike 
someo n e intensely? 
Chri stianity teaches that 
you should love them 
anyway There is a world of 

differen ce between true 
Christianity and the pious 
hypocracy which Caldwell 
so rightly scorns . 

Since we are Christians, 
we have a Christian 
viewpoint and can hardly 
be expected to be able to 
speak from any other 
viewpoint . This does not 
man that we do not 
recognize the value and 
validity of other religions. It 
simply means that by being 
Christians, we cannot be 
Moslems, Buddhists, or 
anything else but 
Christians . If there is to be, 
for example, a Jewish 
Emphasis Week, it will 
obVIously have to be 
sponsored by the Jews. I, for 
one, would be all for it . 

It is unfair to Christianity 
to point out the doctrine of 
original sin and not point to 
God's love for all mankind 
and the possibility of 
allowi ng God's Spirit to 
invade human life. This is 

The martyrs fall, 

what Christianity prociaims-
-that when a person accepts 
Je us Christ as the unique 
Son of God and Lord of the 
universe, the Spirit of God 
works through him and 
makes his life much better 
than it wa s before . 
Christianity, as opposed to 
false piety, has a perfect 
record on this claim. 

David Guion 

Turkey 
Dear Turkey Ti mes, 

You finally got the name 
right! 

Art Rieman 

Gobble, gobble! - Ed . Dir . 

Smog 
Editor : 

Recently the Triton Times 

Down lay the youth of Greece. 

With wounds of guns of Papadopoulos 
Bought from the United States 
with United States' dollars. 

The innocents' blood covers the old ruins, 
the streets of Athens . 
The Sixth Fleet stands by 
saluting Papadopoulos . 

The Senate keeps quiet, worrying 
about energy crises, and Watergate 
And Nixon, sends to his ally 
Secret congratulations and 
orders of promotion . 

The CIA and Pentagon are getting 
new as ignments . 

Alex 

(Y) PIONEER' R-300 2-way Speaker System 
Hear Ihe way your Ilvorite record or lape 
lhould reilly sound. Bring II In .nd we'll 
demonll,ele il wllh lhe Pioneer A-300 
s.,.,aker IYllem. You simply won'l be-

lIeve 110 oPGCltcul.r lOund reproducllon 
un'" you hell II . ' 

Only $119.95 each 
La Jolla Music 

1128 Wall Street 
La Jolla 459-3375 

has provided thl' o p-
portun ity for a fl'w persoll' 
to express their opinion<; 
and queries about ex, 
sexual plea sure and 
equality (or lack of it) 
among the different s xes 
and races. As a result , qUite 
a controversery has arisen 
However at the same tIme I 
have found (and heard) 
many people continually 
complaining about the lack 
of "good looking" men and 
women on the UCSD 
campus . 

An upperclassmen at 
Revelle, whose name IS 
Raphael , explained h,s 
theory on the latter to me 
last week. His theory -
although absurd do 
maKe sense and has 
possibilities of being qUite 
valid to the logIcal mind 
His theory is that Southern 
Californians are inferior 
when compared to other 
persons in the state in terms 
of mentality and aesthetiC 
physical appearances, and 
because Southern 
Californians predominate 
the student populatIon 
here, we can see why there 
IS a lack of "good looking" 
men and women at UCSD 
Although Raphael spoke at 
length, I shall only briefly 
describe his points and h,<; 
conclUSIon. 

People, he said, as we 
know, must breathe oxygen 
in order to sustain a normal 
life Other chemIcals whl'n 
consumed through the skin 
or lungs will have a 
detrime>ntal effect. SMOG I 
classified as an " other 
chemIcal " according to Dr 
Leros from the University of 
Continued on pg . 11 

ElrIM •• 
IIY Iller 81 III 
lVersels Irlllill 

for the sessiDn starlin, F;l!, 197( 
Euromed willauis t " 4';"t~ ~r. .• . 
iean students !'" '·!·idi, ,d '"",,,on 
III renenil'. onrseas me_ieal 
s(hoots. 
An_ that's just the ~ell"n"'l. 
Since the Ilnlulle blrfler COlutltUtu 
the preponderate difficult, In sueend -
Ii'll It a fOI"ln ~chool the Euromed 
Qro,flm also Indudes. In In tensive 
12 week meche.1 and conwtrutlonal 
l.nlul,e course, mand.tory tor III 
$Iudenl • . F,.e hours d'lly. 5 d.y. pe' 
wetk (12· 16 wetkS) Iht cou'SO I' 

'I~en In the country whlfe the stucl.nt 
Will Ittend medlCiI ,chool 

In a.dChtlon EUfomed prowul.s slu-
cI,"ts With' 12 wuk Interl$lvt Cui. 
fUrl l Of len tat Ion prOlf.m WI,h 
Amer lCln students now study In I meGl 
Cine In that plrtlcullf country StrWlnl 
IS counselors 

Sto'l< I< , r ... tlt .IM,ol. CI"'.IIJ 
t ... n.. 10 .... eric"" •• i .. nity '" 
tlll"" r. ,,"lei,.lt il lilt I ...... 
" ........ 

. 

For """I,:.llon .nd turfher 
In(orm~llon, phone foil ,,". 

(AOO) 5-1234 
.. .... 

or write, 

Euromad, ltd. 
170 0" C'Ult,v /oold 
Milltola, "~ I r,(o ! 

P ... ~I' , 1 rrton T" 
oVl'mfwr 27, 1 

'. 



in D~rII Men, the current 
the Carter Centre Stage, is truly a 
tion . Written by Lonne Elder, III, 

Cel,'elrlOl1lies is an honest representation of the 
lif€-s yle experienced in the black section of 
Hal l m. The characters are neither militant 
blac hoods nor nob I heros, they are merely 
people who feel joy and pain, humor (lnd 
tragedy, good time and bad. 

Hot 'N' 
Cold Rsghsg 

thought of as "stup id" because he reali zes his 
inte llectural limitations, and strives to 
overcome his fee l ings of infer iority 
(especia ll y to his brother) by being the 
stereotyped tough, "cool" black hood. He is 
the militant black racist who hates "Mr. You-
know-who" and is destined to come to a 
violent end because he lives by vio lence. 

F0r the person who has never experienced 
the ghetto atmosphere, which is most of us, 
Ceremonies offers insight into the conditions 
which produce those qualities in many blacks 
which we admire, despise, or patronize. The 
actions and dialogue were apropo to the 
context, and the scenes were believable and 
meaningful. 

By Don Maker Although Ceremonies philosophises, it does not moralize. Director Floyd Gaffney 
has brought out the legitimate humor, un-
derstanding, and compassion for the ghetto 
plight which the playencompasses, and which 
the simple eloquence of the script describes. 
Peggy Kellner's set does much to enhance this 
moving drama, and a strong cast graces it 
well . 

qualities as Theopolis, Parkers' intelligent, 
multi-talented son. Over-coming a slight 

James Avery was just marvelous as Russell 
Parker, an aging ex-vaudeville dancer who 
has given up the struggle to succeed in the 
white establishment. He lives above a bar-
bershop (making a non-living as a once-a-year 
barber) with his two sons and his working 
daughter, who supports the family . Parker 
spends most of his time in an eternal checkers 
match with his friend Jenkins (Joe Thomp-
son), and it is indicative of his character that 
he has never won . Parker still has charm, 
looks, an d a sense of humor, but has 
essentially lost the ambitions of youth . 

peech defect, Johnson used good delivery 
and interpretation, emotional variety and 
depth, facial and movement expression, 
combined with empathy and warmth, to 
produce a lovely portrait of a somewhat 
complicated character . I was very impressed with the tota l 

production, especially the concept and 
handling of the material by Lonne Elder, and 
give a strong recommendation that any 
persons wishing to witness good theatre see 
Ceremonies in Dark Old Men. It wi ll be 
playing nightly except Mondays at the Carter 
Centre Stage (next to the Globe) unti l 
December 9th, curtain at 8:00. Call the Globe 
for matinee times . 

Theo has decided to try his hand at crime, 
and persuade~ his father to use the bar-
bershop as a front for his "b lack-lightning" 
business. Theo enters into his business with 
the assistance of the local crime chief, Blue 

Haven, who excellently portrayed by Joe Paul 
Harris . His sister, Adele (Patricia Briggs), 
opposes the move,but reaps some of the 
benefits when she is over-ruled. 

His ons still have the fire of youth, 
although they do not have jobs because they 
don't want to work for "Mr. You-Know-who" . 
Mel Johnson demonstrated many fine acting 

Theo's younger brother, Bobby, follows 
him into Haven's organization, exploiting his 
petty-theft talents to become " the greatest 
thief in Harlem". Gary Morgan does not show 
any tremendous acting talent as Bobby, but 
he fits the character very well, and is fine in 
the role. Bobby is sensitive about being 

FLASH! Last Tuesday the Old Globe 
Theatre opened Tennessee Williams mar-
velous drama, Summer and Smoke, Directed 
by Craig Noel , and starring Marian Ross. 
Curtain is at 8 o'clock nightly except Mon-
days, ca ll the Globe for matinee times and 
dates. 

Records: All Ears Greg Leonard 
DON'T CRY NOW-Asylum 5064: I Can Almost See It; Love Has No 
Pride; Silver Threads and Golden Needles; Desperado; Don't Cry 
Now; Sail Away; Colorado; The Fast One; Everybody Loves a 
Winner; I Believe in You. 

Don't Cry Now is Linda's first album successful as a " total" entity. 
It's also her first to show any consistent sense of personal artistic 
inspiration. This means she' finally avoided the trappings of her 
earlier too-often hackneyed material and delivered the brilliance 
only sporadically eluded to before. The album's overall positive 
aura apparently emanates from Linda's close rapport with 
producer/ friend John David Souther. He's found that almost 
magical blend of instrumentation, material and production 
technique which complements in the finest sense, Linda's own 
tonally pure, uniquely beautiful voice. 

More than anything else, the choice of material seems to define 
the album's essential character. Desperado, Randy Newman's Sail 
Away, a fine take on the almost traditional Silver Threads and 
Golden Needles and an incredibly moving Colorado highlight thi 
consistently good record. 

Don't Cry Now, Linda's first release in two years and fi rst for 
Asylum Records, is easily her best yet. Highly recommended. 

RATED: VERY GOOD [Country-Pop-Rock, You pick it.) 
THE SAXQPHONE--Impulse ASH-9253-3, Includes performances by: 
Coleman Hawkins with Benny Carter; Don Byas; Sonny Stitt; Sonny 
Rollins; Johnny Hodges; Ben Webster; John Coltrane; Archie Shepp; 
Lester Young; Charlie Parker; Eric Dolphy; Ornette Coleman; 
Pharoah Sanders; Sonny Simmons; John Gilmore; Albert Ayler; John 
Klemmer; and never before released recordings by Marion Brown; 
Dewey Redman ; Sam Rivers; and Gato Rarbieri. 

This excellent three-reL-ord set traces the development or the 
saxophone as a solo instrument from its first great stylist Coleman 
Hawkins Body and Soul, up to and including the new wave of 70's 
musicians like Barbieri, Redman, Rivers, Brown and Klemmer. 

Twenty-two selections illustrate more than twenty-five per-
sonalized techniques. The combination of thoughtfully chosen 
material (by producer Ed Mickel and Steve Backer) with Impulse's 
consistently high quality masters make this package by far the best 
introduction available to the evolution and range of the instrument. 
The set lists for $9.98 but is sold most places for less than $6. In-
structive as well as entertaining. 

RATED: EXCELLENT [Jazz) 
MUDDY WATERS 
McKINLEY MORGANFIELD - A.K.A. MUDDY WATERS-Chess 2CH-
60006: Louisiana Blues; I'm Ready; Honey Bee; I Just Want to Make 
Love to You; Kind-Hearted Woman; She Moves Me; [I'm Your) 
Hoochie Coochie Man; Long Distance Call; She's Alright ; Rollin' 
Stone; Standing Around Crying; Too Young to Know; Walking 
Through the Park; Still a Fool; You Can't lose What You Ain't Never 
Had; I Can't Be Satisfied; I Want You to Love Me; Rolling and 

" JCMI.t* thiNt Atrtc. ... dft contt. .. nt 
'-t US enlighten you.t 

OUR MARKET HAS 
A LITTLE OF EVERYTHING 

THAT TURNED US ON 
• T~ADE BEADS 
• BASKETS 

• MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
• CLOTHING 

• TOTE BAGS • BATIKS 
• BLANKETS • ART (NEW & OLD) 
• JEWELRY • HOUSEHOLD ITEMS NOTE: 

Tumbling; Just to be W ith You; You're Gonna Need M y Help; Same 
Thing; M y Life is Ruined; Baby Please Don't Go; Got My Mojo 
Working_ 

This record is not a new release but one which deserves 
recognition by all "c ity blues" fans . The two-LP specially priced 
($6.98 list) set features the original takes of the hit sil1gles which 
made Muddy Waters " King" of the 50's blues aristocracy that was 
Chess Records. The list of sidemen reads like a Who's-Who of the 
blues world . Among others here, are Otis Spann, piano; Jimmy 
Rogers, second guitar; and little Walter, harmonica. 

A quick glance at the material included hints of how many white 
blues bands built their entire style of presentation on the ground-
work of Muddy's songs and sound. The blues standard Rollin' Stone 
of course became the name for the British band. Paul Butterfield's 
early r~putation is largely based on his takes of Muddy Waters' 
material. 

For any blues fan without these recordings, or for anyone looking 
for an authentic and enjoyable primer of urban blues, A.K.A. Muddy 
Waters is both uperb introduction and treat par excellence. It'll 
knock you over. 

RATED: EXCELLENT [Blues) 
ETCETERAS 

The following is a summary of changes due the recording industry 
because of the vinyl and paper shortages . This information comes 
from the November 17th issue of " Record World" from a news 
summary headed, " Effects of the Vinyl Crisis". 

"There will be a conti nuing scarcity of vinyl as oil-derived 
products will continue in shorf supply. There will be fu rther in-
creases in the cost of vinyl , which will lead to further increases in 
the cost of manufacturi ng albums. This, in turn, will lead to in-
creases in the price consumers pay for albums. 

Quality will continue to worsen as manufacturers use recycled 
vinyl and filler materials . Surface noise, warpage, 'clicks and pops' 
will increase as will consumer complaints. Shipping time will in-
crease as plants conti nue on shorter work weeks, while stores can 
look forward to being out of stock on hit and cata logue albums. 

There will be cutbacks on the number of new arLists signed, and 
labels will try to achieve a better spacing of releases . 

Wherever possible, single albums will be released, and elaborate 
packaging will be minimal 

Tape sa les may increase as records become scarcer, and the 
hortages of cardboard and paper become more acute." 

While these projected changes are not expected to severely 
interfere with Christmas buying they will become effective in the 
first months of 1974. • 

In keeping with gui delines established by the Cost of Living 
Counci l, Columbia and Epic Records have announced a new album 
and tape series of releases by major artists with a $6.98 suggested 
l ist price for a si ngle disc album (up from $5 .98) and a $7 .98 list 
price for a si ngle tape (up from $6.98). The first album in the series is 
Santana's November 15th release Welcome. 

IF THE DEATH OFAWILD ANIMAL 
MEANS ONLY SOMETHING 

NOVEL FOR YOUR HOUSE -
DON'T VISIT US -

1420 MORENA BLVD. 
tl6-8820 MAITEA CHAIIOI 

Pag 6 Triton Tlme~, 
Novm ber 27, 1973 

WE DON'T CARRY IT. 
ALL ITEMS HAND MADE 

lANK AMEIIICAIIO 

IN 
O£a.... MAR. 

755-Z377 

Through dance, mime and a amount of gymnastics, com-
municating abstract ideas and images, the Survival Theatre 
Company of UC Irvine will and nature's evolution and 
revolution in Cycles, this W!~dneld,.eUCSD Theatre. 

An experimental drama Survival Theatre grew out of 
a search for a rebi rth in live for a theatre form beyond 
verbal expression. 

human body and the human 
te , to survive in the face of 

ront and to escape, to reach 

Cycles is non-verbal theatre, 
voice to express man's "struggle 
technology, to create and to 
one another in the midst of 
Professor Ashley Carr, the Fo 

seems chaos," according to 
.. .... Llurof Survival Theatre. 

"We do not put down any 
audience to come and either affirm 
Cycles will be performed only 
at 8:00 p.m. with tickets ($1 .00 

UNIQUI 
OLD TIMI SHOP 

WITH 
tHIONLY 

COFPIIIOASTING 
FAOUTIIS 

IN SAN DIEGO 
IMPOIITEO CULINARY ITEMS 

N! W SHIPMENT Of 
MAINLAND CHINA TEA 
IN THI OlD MAim 

1010 HWY 101 
INCIMTAS 
-

forms . We only ask for an 
our efforts." 
D, Wednesday, November 28, 
available at the Drama office. 

81 the globe: 
Slimmer 
a~~dSmoke 
Tennessee 
WIlliams 

r .#"" h 
now ",.yl.,. 

A pOWerful emotional confl ict of 
passion and frustration . , . In thIs 
drama of rare be.uly ... play_ 
Wright Williams explores the un-
fullliled secret yearnings of 8 
genlesl sou thern girl . . . tor-
mented In her romanlic desires 
for a reckless young man. 

Theatre: Larry Deckel 

The Open Theatre: Music for the Masses 
More Than Just "Entertainment' A Concert for Percussion and Strings featuring noted contemporary (.omposer\ , 

two chamber music re Ital s, a lecture 
demonstration on' Comput('r GraphiC 
Music by the artist In re Idence at Caltech , 
and a combined choru and orchestra 
performance will all be availibl thiS 
week . 

Ideally, theatre is an art form combining text, 
movement, sound, lighting, and setting into a 
unified work . Unfortunately, due to commercial 
demands on today's theatre, too much emphasis 
is put on creating "entertainment", and all else 
must be sacrificied to this crucia l element which 
feeds the box office . 

Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, 
November 19-21, the "Open Theatre" from New 
York, came to the University of California at 
Riverside as part of their final tour . They 
presented their three most recent works, The 
Mutation Show, Terminal , and Nightwalk, one 
each night, and brought to the UCR stage some 
of the most intensive "Theatre Art" that has been 
seen in Southern California in ages. 

It is difficult to put labels on the work of The 
"Open Theatre", and their importance to 
American Theatre. The ensemble, under the 
direction of Joseph Chaikin, and incorporating 
writing talents of emerging new progressive 
playwrights (to name a few, Sam Shepard, Jean-
Claude Van Ittalie The Serpent, America Hurrah, 
and Megan Terry Viet Rock has collectively 
created "works" of theatre which have served to 
open the way for "modern" and " Experimental" 
theatre in this country. 

The group, together for roughly ten years now, 
first gained recognition with their production of 
The Serpent (a UCSD production of which was 
scene here last fall , under the direction of Dr. 
Arthur Wagner). The work is such that the actor 
receives as much in a performance, as does the 
audience. The importance lies not in the 
communication of a story, but in the sharing of a 
sense of being. 

The work is stunning. One comes away from a 
performance more in a sense of awe, then with a 
feeling of having received something specific . 
The "Open Theatre" transcends the state of 
theatre from mere entertainment, to Art . 

The Art lies in the human body. It is like 
viewing fine sculpture which moves in a 
dimension of time as well. The movements, 
gestures, and expressions are all absolutely 
precise, tightly connected to images absolutely 
clear to the performers . 

Percussive instruments are used to work with 
voices forming a music of sound and chanting, 
giving a rhythm to the work . Much of the 
movement in the piece is akin to choreography. 
Again, this is theatre in which the audience d~s 
not merely come away entertained, but rather, IS 
confronted with a total sense of the event, which 
really leaves one without a need to rationalize it. 

The pieces however are not random . They 

GRAND 
OPENING 

have specif.ic themes and directions. It is easy to 
over-generalize and try to explain what things 
are about, but the beauty of the work is there is 
no real need to do so, just as their is no need to 
inte llectualize a Beethoven ' symphony or a 
Michelangelo sculpture. 

I'm sorry to say that I was unable to attend the 
performance of The Mutation Show. Having 
seen the other two works, I am sincerely sorry to 
have had to miss it. 

The second piece, Terminal is a ritual in two 
basic; parts : The calli ng up of the dead, and the 
state of the rlyi ng. 

The actors don white ragged clothing and 
begin to call upon the dead. Their actions en-
compass chanting, singing,' dancing, beating 
white sticks on the floor, and creating an aura 
reminding us that the dead are everywhere 
around us . 

In its totality, the ritual calls upon the dead, 
greets the dead, accepts the dead, celebrates the 
dead, and eventually comes to grip with the 
dead. I n the end, we are left with the chant of 
the judgement as imagined by the dead : "The 
only judgement of your life is your life." 

Wednesday night they presented their most 
recent work Nightwalk, which absolutely 
stunned the audience. Truly beyond words to 
describe,t he play deals with sleep; those who 
sleep when awake, and those who sleep in sleep, 
and their dreams. It is a specatacle of images, 
thinly sewn together. 

In large segments of the piece, the text gives 
way entirely to the mere sound of conversation, 
where the words do not matter and we see the 
intent is all. The concentration, focus of intent, 
and stamina seen here, were like nothing ever 
seen . 

You didn't leave the theatre feeling spec-
tacular, you didn't feel impressed, delighted, or 
excited. You merely left .. ,drained . 

On December 1, in Santa Barbara, the "Open 
Theatre" will give its final performance, and 
then disband. A number of factors including 
Chaikin's health, time, and the opin ion that the 
work has progressed as far as it can go, has made 
it necessary for the "Open Theatre" to cease . 

On this, their last tour, it is incredible that no 
effort was made to bring this important force in 
American Theatre to San Diego. Surely, between 
the people of San Diego, and the larg'e number 
of campuses in the area, there must have been 
some way that it could have been arranged . 

It is indeed a shame that so few people from 
this area were able to see some of the most 
important work the American Theatre has known . 

Concert for Percussion and Strings with 
Robert Moran's Bombardments No. 2; 
Goffredo Petrassi's Secunda Serenata Trio 
(1962); Robert Erickson'S Cradle 11 , 
Machine Music by Lejaren Hiller, and 
Night Music by George Crumb, will b 
performed by UCSD Music Department 
musicians Tuesday, November 27, at 815 
in Recital Hall 409, Matthews Campus 

Debussy's Sonata ror Violin and Piano 
Dohnani's Serenade, Opus 10 and 
Beethoven's Archduke Trio will be per-
formed by UCSD Music facultv members 
Eugene Gratovich, violin , Kent Rose, Viola, 
Peter Farrell cello, and Kf' lth H umblf' 
piano, on Thursday ,November 29. at 8 1C; 
in Recital Hall 409, MC 

Artist in residence at Cal tec h, John 
Whitney will give a lecture demonstration 
on Computer Graphic Music Thursday , 
November 29, at noon in Recital Hall 409, 
Me. Mr. Whitney has studied photography 
and music composition, and done ex-
tensive research in the use of compu(ers in 
motion design . 

The UC Santa Barbara Fine Arts Trio will 
present a concert including Trio in E 
minor, Op. 67 by Shostakovich, Piano Trio, 
Reflections by Edward Applebaum and 
dedi.cated to the Fine Arts Trio, and Trio in 
B Major, Op.8 by Brahms on Saturday, 
December 1, at 8:15 in Recital Hall 409, 
Me. 

These event will be free and open to the 
public . 

The La Jolla Civic/University Chorus will 
herald the Christmas season With a series 
of carols from different countries, with a 
combined Chorus and Orchestra per-
formance of the Magnificent Beethoven 's 
Symphony No. 1, and arias by Purcell and 
Mozart on Sunday, December 2, at 3 00 
and 8:00 in Sherwood Hall , La Jolla. For 
ticket information call 459-5678 or 45 -
4421 . 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

Of SOUnD 
SAVE OVER $100!! 

deb~ 
deb~ 
deb~ On this COIl",lete Stereo $ystel" 

clolhlng clothing clOlhlng 

open Sunaays 

in La Jolla 
7486 La Jolla Blvd. 

Corner of 
L.J . Blvd. 
and Pearl 

Also in Del M ar 
1412 Camino 

Del M ar 

FEATURING 

$KENWDOD 
MODEL 2300 KENWOOD RECEiVER .... $199115 
GARRARD 42M CHANGER ................... .. 49115 
SHURE M75E CARTRIDGE .................... 34"5 
GARRARD 81 BASE ............................... 595 
2 INTERAUDIO 2000 SPEAKERS ........... 157~2 

LIST PRICE $44802 

SPECIA~S~.?EHI~fcE$35P1 
Complete system includes FREE 5-year proteclion plan. connecting cables & wires 

P g 7 Triton Tlme~, 
0\1 mb r 17, 1 73 



KGB's Home Grown View of San Diego 
By Mike Sesma 

Livillg in San Diego in the late sixties and early 
seventies as a semi-teenybopper and rock fan one came 
to kn w all the groups which originated in San Diego 
and it ; suburban and country communities. 

We boppers came to know that Gary Puckett and the 
Union Gap (remember them) were a San Diego group, 
and that most of the Iron Butterfly graduated from La 
Jolla High, that Jim Morrison's dad lived in Coronado 
and was an ex-admiral, that the Jamul City Funk Band 
rose out of the ashes of Jamul like a Pheonix to bring us 
The sunrise over Jamul and make the big time for about 
one month, and last but not least, that Rock's own 
finest, Frank Zappa, was a graduate of Mission Bay High 
School. 

We also know that Chubby Checker began his 
comeback at the Catamaran on Mission Bay less than 
two years ago and that some of the Poco Deliverin' 
album was recorded live in our own Sports Aroma (er, 
ah, Arena). Now San Diegan rock fans have something 
else to remember as San Diego's own .... The Home 
Grown Album. 

The Home Grown was put together through the good 
graces of KGB Radio because its charity concert at San 
Diego Stadium to benefit the United way was canned 
in Mid-Summer. It so happens that all the proceeds from 
the album will go towards the San Diego goal of the 
United Services Campaign drive. 

Anyway, KGB was one of the radio stations in San 
Diego that made all us boppers privy to the facts 
outlined in the first sentences of this story. That was 
when they were a top forty station (I ike KHJl . KGB is 
one of the older stations in San Diego (Art Linkletter 
started there in the thirties) and made the switch from 
top forty to a more diverse and entertaining program 
etup a little Ie s than two year ago. Anyway, KGB put 

together this album of an Diego talent (thus the intro is 
reinforced) and to some listeners, one finds the talent 
ubstantially better than the talent previously men-

tioned . 
Yes there are hade of imitation or notable influence 

of big name groups but all in all the Home Grown has 
proven to be a very entertaining album. 

There are 12 cuts on the album which were sifted 

UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS .... 

CYCLES 

SURIVAL THEATRE 
Director, Ashley Carr 

UCSD Theatre, in cooperation with the Inter-
car .... pus Cultural Exchange Committee, presents 
UC Irvine's Survival Tlltlatrc Corn "ny in a 
pr( s~ntation of their own creation, CYCLES. In 
thE' words of the director, " Cycles is a non-verbal, 
nOl-tlberary theatre experience that defies verbal 
prtJclslon in describing it. The production alone 
ml sl speak for itsel f. It communicates on an 

in~tl nctual , subliminal, primal , and extra-sensory 
level ." 

ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY - NOVEMBER 28 
8 :00 p.m . in 

UCSD THEATRE 
Students $1 .00 - General $ 2.00 

Tickets are available In the Drama Office , 203 MC , 
and must be purchased in advance. 

Pag 8 Triton Tim '5, 
~ov mb r 27, 197 

from a reportedly overwhelming response from the 
public to contribute songs about the part of San Diego 
in which they lived . The music selected says Cameron 
Crowe (we both went to the same high school, he wrote 
the liner notes) "are a faSCinating cross-section of the 
San Diego Musical community. Some are professional 
musicians, others consider it a hobby .... Whatever the 
case, I t's all good music and it's all San Diego." I tend to 
agree with him . 

Side One: Bud Lang wrote a atirical view of life in 
Mission Beach in Mission Beach Boogie and also 
captured the life of that area in it. Mission Beach has 
the largest number of stewardesses, 240Z's, and 
homesi -k sailors per capita, than any area in the U.S. 
That is only partly what the song is about. 

Dago from Diego by Peter Fi lacio is a good one 
chorus song probably having to do with the Italian and 
Portugese (F ish) population in San Diego which is quite 
large. Large also are all the puns in the cut. 

Enc;1nto Rag is a nice cut somewhat I ike a Delaney 
and Bonnie Tune which is about a little community on 
the outskirts of the city slums. It is written by Steve 
Dampier who obviously had this thing agai nst EI Cajon 
Rednecks but really did a good job making th cut 
ound I ike a country and western number. 

Funky Santee by the Hebedia Blues Band is a well 
done number about a San Diego Retirem ent community 
that grew into middle class suburb . In this cut the in-
flu nce of the Gratefu l Dead and other groups like them 
is heard but the music is carried off well and it is the 
longest cut on the album . 

South Bay is probably my favorite cut on the album 
about the quiet end of San Diego which includes 
National City and the mothball fleet. It was written by 
Palmer F. Howard, an itinerant dishwasher. 

Spring Valley Sally i a ong which has nothing to do 
with Spring Va ll ey except the title but the group 
(Montezuma's Revenge) sounds almost better than Dan 
Hicks and His Hot Licks, which some might say it 
imitates. It was written by Ri ck Sparhawk and Chris 
Vitas, two members of a six man group who have very 
impressive musical credentia ls. It's a fast cut but rates 
with Funky Santee as being arranged in a profe sional 
mann r. 

ide two begins with the most deserving song on the 
album, and is the one which started off the Home 
Grown idea in the head of a KGB jock. Its ca lled Chula 
Vista and was written by Douglas Drill and performed (It 
ounds lik in a garage) by Rose and the Arrangement. 

It's truly a novelty piece and cou ld probably be ex-
tremely entertaini ng if one was totally ripped, in fact it 
reminds me of a bar song . 

Clairmont Mesa is another upper midd le class world 
on the southeast rim of UCSD and the song that Gary 
Hyde wrote called strange ly enough Clairmont Mesa is a 
sweet, almost bubblegum, almost Loving Spoonfu l type 
song about a boy who grows up, fa lls in love and stays in 
Clairemont.. .. well you can have Clairemont . The cut 
was recorded at Studio West but sounds like it was in an 
echo chamber. It's a good effort and a nice changeof 
pace. 

Ski mtg_ Nov. 28th 
USB 2622 at 7 p.m. 

All those going on Sun Valley trip please 
attend. Info regarding transportation will 
be discussed . If you are unable to attend 
contact a club officer. 

SAt DEC. 1 8 PM ~~~~~~~L 
SAN DIEGO. 1J'01l'1'8 AaIlCA .:SIIM 

TICKETS; $5.00 IN AOVANCE $5.75 AT THE DOOR (Iftcl • ., .. '''~I.II 
Tic .... A.'lInll II Bill C,mDI. ·, Me" ', SIOrll. 

All Ar.", Tlck.t A,end ... Sporh Alen, Tic k., OffiCI . 

C 'I~lm~Wi~~~ W~!i·I~I~r~:il.n 

Poetry Series 
Continues 

Poetry readings by Ed-
ward Dorn will be presented 
Tuesday, Nov. 27, at San 
Diego State University and 
Wednesday, Nov. 28, at the 
Un iversity of California, San 
Diego. 

The programs, which are 
free and open to the public, 
will be at 8 p.m. Nov. 27 in 
the Aztec Center at SDSU 
and at 4 p.m. Nov. 28 in the 
I nformal Lounge of the 
Revelle Commons at UCSD. 

Dorn is the third of nine 
poets scheduled to appear 
in the 1973-74 San Diego 
New Poetry S ries. 

He is cu rrently regents 
lecturer in creative writing 
and poet in residence at UC 
Riverside. Previously Dorn 
was a poet in residence at 
several other un iversities 
includ ing the University of 
New Mexico where he held 

the D . H . La wren e , 
Fellowship . 

Dorn, 44, was 'also a 
Fulbright lecturer and 
visiting professor at the 
University of Essex, England 
for three years . 

Among his best 
works are 
Shoshoneans " 

known 
" Th e 
and 

"Gunslinger, " a comic epic 
on the Western . His writing 
has appeared in numerous 
magazines and anthologies, 
including " New Ameri can 
Poetry " and " A Con-
troversyk of Poets." 

The poetry series is 
sponsored by the Depart-
ments of Literature and 
Vi sual Arts and Campus 
Program Board at UCSD 
and the School of Literatu re 
and Cultural Arts Board at 
SDSU . 

The next program in the 
ries will be in February 

The next cut is perhaps the mo t original on th 
album and sounds alot like Randy Neuman or Bift Ros . 
En titled [Fly in my Soup; Back to EI Cajon Boulevard, 
Steve Blake is th solo arti st on the cut . EI Cajon Blvd. is 
probably th e longest street in San Diego, from EI Cajon 
to Hillcrest but is also very crooked (in more ways th an 
one). Blake takes the li st ner on a worded tour through 
the best parts of the county of Sa n Diego but brings us 
ri ght back to EI Cajon Blvd . One can hardly have lived in 
San Diego without having been along that road at least 
once for something. 

City limit Blues by Michael S. Hansen happens to be 
the favorite cut on the album and is performed nicely by 
Hansen and Brad Ramsey. Maybe I like it because it 
sounds a little lik Jimmy Buffet or John Stewart or Jim 
Croce but listening to it is sheer enjoyment. 

La Jolla Sunset an instrumen tal done by Ron Mayer 
and Gary M rcado and written by Mayer is a peaceful 
guitar music that do sn't sound like the La Jolla we 
know but like the kind one hears in the background 
whilst reading a travel brochure about the place . 
So Long San Diego is the perfect cut to end the album 
with and brings back to mind groups like Arthur Lee and 
Love . The cut is done nicely but Arthur Le was more 
easi ly understood . I t also has a ni ce guitar solo 
(remember those) which reminds me of the Beau 
Brummels. 

That's the Album and indeed it's home grown. It even 
has a Home Grown cov r, a sketch by Rick rabare 
d pi cting early San Diego before every thing. 

To end it all, one can tie it all up and say very n-
tertaining, but sti ll wonder about the cross section of 
San Diego that isn't th ere. There is no " Logan H ight 
Low-ride" or "Southea t San Diego Shuffle". No music 
with a rythym and blu s tinges or soul or even a latm 
influence. There may be rea ons for that.. .. that the 
music might be extremely hard to write or arrange or the 
people who write that kind of music don't Ii ten to KGB 
and didn't contribute or the people from KGB don 't 
know if that kind of mu ic appea ls to them and didn 't 
se lect any . At any rat , a whole part of San Diego i 
missing from th re ord just like it I missing from most 
persons ' awaren ss about "that part" of San Diego. 

But it's getting towards Christmas time and Home 
Grown might make a good gift to someone who doesn't 
know San Diego . You never know, it may be a colle -
tors' item someday . At any rate, let's hop that KGB 
doesn't blow it and make a Home G:own number two 
next year . 

Shanghai 
v1andarin & Shangha 

Style 
Chinese Restaurant 

10% off dinner 
menu with student! 

MAY WE SUGCEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORCASIOARD 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

lQ17 prospect 
LA JOllA 
45-4-.5806 

OPENING SALE 
10% OFF 

ON 
ALL BICYCLES 

san 
diego 
bicycle 

ilDports 

OPEN -TIL 9 
WEEKDAYS 
12 TO ~ SUNDAYS 

EL CAJON BLVD, 
AT 1-805 
282-1245 

1M Football 

Playoff Today? 
Since this week has been 0 importantly marked 

down as Intramural FootbaJl Playoffs Week , the 
sports page will only fittingly be reserved for the 
Intramural Football picutres thar have been .taken 
during the course of the eason. We would like to 
espeCially thank photographers Dave Hurst and Tom 
Pilgram for the fine work they did to caprure the 
feelings and moods of rhis event rhat touches the 
lives of so many people on this and many other 
college campuses across the country, (Spans Editor) 

Last week, the men's intramural flag football season 
raged on with ragged playoff play . OFF made its way 
into the final s with a 6'{) semi-final win over Keith 
Bryan 's NADS, This is the second straight year OFF has 
won the so-called Chancellors Trophy, winning last year 
by beating DE ANZA by one yard in a tiebreaker. 

DE ANZA, winner of the title in 1970 and 1971, is 
gone now .. . but their players are sti ll here ... some are 
now students, others fifth year seniors, and even ome 
$10 exten ion course takers . These professionals picked 
up a few more five-year stars from the ORCS and now 
bear the title of the BABOONS (what else?}. 

Anything but BABOO S were they last Tuesday 
afternoon (right Charlie?) . " Jimmy" Roudebush threw 
two touchdown passes and Bruce Suzimoto ran across 
another in their 22-7 rout of SCRI PPS SEME for a berth 
in t he fi nals for the fourth straight year. 

SCRI PPS made a game of it for a while: as they 
became the first team this season to score on the 
BABOON'S defense, and led 7~ . Roudebush went to 
work immediately and drove his team 60 yards in only 
five plays, to put the BABOONS ahead for good 12~7 . 

So confident was Roudebush that he twi ce went for 
the 10 yard-two point conversion, thus the odd "even" 
score of 22. 

OFF used and "even" tougher defense. The NADS 
failed to ever move within the 30 yard line of OFF. Fine 
punting kept OFF back in its territory for most of the 
game. 

OFF, displaying intramural's finest ground attack, 
controlled the game with their offensive line. But their 
passing lacked the "urn ph" to put the game away. The 
only score of the game was set up by a pass interference 
ca ll in the end zone, as Keith Kaplan scored on a one 
yard pass from John Wood on the next play. 

This means that a rematch of last year's thrilling (?!?) 
championship game will occur : the HABOONS with 
their fine pas er agai nst OFF who has only two non-
ruggers--and one non-playing coach. 

When they met earlier thi eason in league play, the 
BABOONS beat OFF (sorry about that folks!) to claim 
the SPIRO T. KICKBACK LEAGUE championship. The 

• game might be played this very day at noon ... or may 
never happen . Sorry Jim ... 1 mean that some students are 
playing .. . car 54 where are youH 

We're New Owners 
We're "Gettinl It Together" 

We're PACIFIC SUZUKI 
plus Hodaka . DKW 

112-6767 9-6 Qlsed Sunday 
1269 Gamet in P.B. 

(We wiD b.rpin) 

Snow Reports 
45402351 

Frederick's Sid Be Hike 
OUTFITTERS 

THE NOW IS HERE 
Come in and get outfitted 

for your ki 
trips 

n22 Fay Avenue 
La Jolla 454-1410 

Over 200 C~' '1ningbird every day ... on'1ectlng Nonh. 
ern and Southern California. 41ve yoyr:...camJ;US rep or 
PSA a bird whistle.PIA .... ,....-.s. 



Pioneer 10 Nears Jupiter 

electronics are contained in a single housini there's no point in making any more guesses 
located in .the spacecraft equipment since we're going to find out in a week 
compartment, about 5" x 4" x 7" with anyway. Dr. Mcilwain says that the con-
detectors protruding from the housing and sensus has been that the spacecraft "will 
through the spacecraft wall to achieve survive b d factor of five to ten, with an 
required view angles. Total weight is 3.9 uncertain ty of two orders of magnitude in 
pounds and the power requirement is 2.8 either direction ." 
watts, continuous. The special excitement of the Pioneer 

The entire Pioneer 10 spacecraft weights mission, according to Dr. Mcilwain, is that 
570 pounds, of which 65 pounds is the no one is certain what it will find when it 
experiment payload consisting of twelve gets to jupiter . "The safest prediction is that 
scientific instruments. The eleven ex- it won't be anything like what anyone has 
periments aside from UCSD's include op- predicted." 
tical and infrared rilmeras for transmitting From a physical standpoint, jupiter is the 
two-color pictures, instruments for most interesting planet in the solar system. 
measuring the mass, shape and atmospheric It is the second brightest source of radio 
composition of jupiter and also several of its noise in the sky, exceeded only by the sun. 
larger f'l"loons, and cosmic ray detectors and Overali , it radiates from its surface three 
other instruments for studying in- times as much energy as it receives from the 
terplanetary space. Pioneer 10 is the first sun . It has more than twice the mass of all 
space probe to be entirely nuclear powered, the other planets combined. As one writer 
which is necessary since it will be going too has put it, "the solar system consists of the 
far from the Sun to make solar power Sun, jupiter, and some debris ." 
practical. Jupiter has a tremendous rotational 

There were considered to be two principal velocity, conSidering its great size. The 
external hazards to the Pioneer mission. The Jovian day lasts only ten hours, and a point 
first was the crossing of the asteroid belt, on its equator is rotating at 22,000 miles per 
which had never before been attempted. It hour, compared with 1,000 miles per ho,ur 
was feared that high-velocity asteroidal for a similar point on Earth. This results in 
particles, undetectable from Earth, might violent atmospheric circulation, with 
exist in sufficient numbers to make a distinct " bands" and the enigmatic red spot 
collision probable. However, Pioneer 10's clearly visible from Earth . jupiter's at-
incident-free crossing suggests that the mosphere contains ammonia, methane, 
asteroid belt in fact poses no hazard to hydr.ogen, and probably water, the same 
outer planet missions. ingredients believed to have produced life 

The remaining hazara is the very on Earth by chemical evolution . Many 
radiation belt the spacecraft is intended to scientists believe that large regions below 
measure. Some have-estimated that jupiter's the frigid . cloud layer may be at room 
radiation belts may be as much as a million temperature, so that, the bad weather 
times stronger than those of the Earth, notwithstandina, the planet could have 
although there's really no way to tell for sure produced living organisms despite receiving 
before the space probe gets there. There are only 1/27th of the solar energy received by 
a number of ways in which the high-i!nergy the Earth . 
charged particles could damage the sen- It is hoped that the study of Jupiter's 
sistive instrumentation on board the radiation belts will help us to better un-
Pioneer, for instance by disrupting the derstand the nature of Earth's own radiation 
carefully controlled crystal structure of the belts. Although the "Van ' Allen belts" 
sem iconductor electronics (transistors, around Earth (named for their discoverer, . 

be 3 h P· 10 t d d ' t ' . th j . diodes, etc.), or by causing buildups of who also has an experiment aboard Pioneer On Decem r t e loneer rappe ra la Ion In e . o.vlan electrostatic charge, leading to arc 10) have been measured and mapped in 
spacecraft, man's deepest space probe so ~agne.tosphere (planeta~ magnetIC fl~ld), discharges. great detail , it is still largely a mystery .why 
far, will reach the planet jupiter, after a In ~artl.cular, the. energetic charged particles Recently in the news there have been they should be there in the first place. Most 
voyage of almost two years . On board the which In ~he r,na.'n make u,~ wha~ ar~ known numerous reassessments of Pioneer's scientists hold that the belts arise from the 
spacecraft are twelve scientific experiment as the radlatlO.n bel~s enCircling .the chances of surviving the trip through the interaction . of the solar wind (the steady 
packages, one of which was designed and planet .. The expe~lment ,"eludes separation radiation belts, however, according to Dr. outflow of charged particles from the sun) 
built at UCSD. These instruments will of partlcl~ SJ?E!CI~S, rough deScriptions of Mcilwain, we really don't know any more . 
transmit information about jupiter back to angular distributions and energ~ spe~~a, about it than we did five years ago and Conunued on pg. 11 
Earth as the spacecraft passes within 81,000 and measurements of absolute intenSities ' 
miles of the giant planet (one-third the over an extended range. r---------------------------------. 
distance from the Earth to the Moon) . Five different detectors are used to cover 

After swinging past Jupiter, Pioneer 10 the variety of types and the wide energy 
will head out into space in the direction of spectrum of particles to be encountered. 
the constellation Taurus, and become the Detector C :is a non-focused Cerenkov 
first man-made object ever to escape from counter for energetic electrons, using as its 
the solar system . (Accordingly , the radiator a mixture of water and alcohol 
spacecraft bears a plaque identifying the enclosed in a quartz bottle and optically 
human race as its builders . Designed to coupled to a photomultiplier tube which 
endure for thousands of years of deep-space monitors the cerenkov light. Detector E is a 
travel, the plaque graphically portrays a scatter detector for medium energy elec-
man and woman, and indicates the location trons, whose element is a totally depleted 
of our solar system in the alaxy by surface barrier detector. Detector M is an 
reference to universal physical constants omnidirectional counter for high energy 
and to unambiguous galactic landmarks protons and minimum ionizing particles and 
known as pulsars.) UCSD may thus be consists of a solid state diode embedded in 
writing its name in the stars . the shield of detector E. Detectors SP and SE 

The UCSD experiment was developed by are twin scintillation 
a team of space scientists under the ' detectors for low energy particles . Each 
direction of Dr. Carl Mcilwain, professor of consists of a thin disc of scintillating 
physics. Over fifty people at UCSD have at material monitored by a vacuum 
various times worked on the experiment photodiode. The SP scintillation material is 
over the last five years . Principal in- chosen to be mc1t'lj sensitive to protons than 
vestigator for the UCSD project, who will the SE scintillator so that the ratio of their 
head the data analysis ~ffort, is Dr. R. outputs serves as a crude indicator of 
Walker Fillius, associate research physicist. particle type. 

The UCSD experiment will measure The five detectors with associated 

'ag 10 Triton Times, 
November 27, 1973 

520 will hold any bike 
until Christmas. 
Featuring the very 
'inest for your 
cycling pleasure. 

this week only 
November 26th through 30th 

A special Advanced Book Program Week 
A from 
•• • Add ison-Wesley/W.A. Benjamin 

featuring books in the fields 
of 

mathematics-physics-chemistry-bioscience 
engineeri ng-& computer scien~e 

UCSD faculty authors included, 

On Friday, November 30th there will be a 
DRAWING 

for a '25 gift certificate toward 
any purchase of 

hjdison-Wesley/WA. Benjamin Inc. Titles 
Sign up at the Bookstore Now! 

, uniV£RSiTY 

Bomb School Continued from pg. 4 
deployment of U.S. combat troops . ., 
It is not surprising, therefore, that the countries With the 
most active para-police assassination squads - Brazil , 
Guatemala, the Dominican RepubliC and Urutuay - are 
also the recipients of the largest U .S. police training 
grants in the region . .., . 

U .S. involvem nt in the organization, training and 
equipping of Uruguay's Death Squad, for instance, has 
been abundantly described ~n the testimony of Nelson 
Bardesio. A police photographer and Death Squad 
member, Bardesio was kidnapped and interrogated by 
Tupamaro guerillas in 1972. In his testimony (recorded 
in the presence of the President of Uruguay's Chamber 
of Deputies) , Bardesio affirmed that the Department of 
I nformation and Intelligence (011, a government agency 
which provided an official "cover" for the Death Squad) 
was set up with the advice and financial assistance of 
USAID Public Safety Adviser William Cantrel l. 

Bardesio also testified that Cantrell (who he 
sometimes served as a chauffeur) made daily trips 
between the DII , Montevideo police headquarters and 
the U.S. Embassy to insure the steady transfer of in-
telligence data and coordination of all extra-legal ac-
tivities. 

I n his testimony, which served as the basis for several 
scenes in the film State of Siege, Bardesio named 
numerous police officers and military officials (many 
with ties to the U.S. Embassy or the Public Safety 
program) who participated in specif ic assassinations 
and bombings as members of the Death Squad. He also 
reported that the Death Squad had a bom b laboratory 
fi lled with supplies of explosive materials similar to 
those demon trated at AID's Texas bomb school. 

The ties b tw n U.s . government agencies and local 
police terrorism have long been common knowledge 
in Latin America ow, due to th prying of Senator 
Abourezk, it is likely to become an issue in the U.S. as 
well . Air ady there have been attempts in Congress to 
dry up fund for AID's Public Safety Program. . 

As noted by Senator Abourezk, " Maybe the American 
people don't have to know about troop movements or 
the 10 ation of nuclear weapons, but by God they sur 
as hell an decide whether they want to support torture 
or not ." 

Smog Pioneer 10 

Student Activism 
Left (S IL) held a demonstration commemorating the 
50th aniversary of the Russian' Bolsheivik Revolution. 
The SIL was coincidentally actively protesting recruiters 
on campus for war-related corporations (Dow 
Chemical). 

In the course of the rally, a flag was burned, promp-
ting State Assemblyman john Stull to call for the 
dismissal of the students involved in the SIL get-
together. And the UCSD Young Re-publicans retaliated 
by passing the hat for a new flag pole, which stands now 
in the Revelle Plaza. 

The Triton Times responded to the demonstration 
wi th an deitorial headed " SI L Celebration Hurts ' Ac-
tivism", commenting that a conflict of interests was 
involved in the celebration of the Russian Revolution 
and the airing of the "same hackneyed arguments about 
Vietnam" at the same rally . The paper then 
congratulated the organizers of the recent Cafeteria 
rally, which had, by the way, enjoyed greater at-
tendance. That, they said, was the way to run a rally . 

Then, apparently, UCSD hunkered down for its long 
hard winter , for the only political event of any 
signif icance was the errecting of the Young Republican 
flagpole (an event that the Times devoted a third of its 
front page to.) 

At the end of February of 1968, Revelle Dean Hull 
gave student Charles Moore 48 hours to leave campus, 
citing as his crimes " hanging a sign out the window, 
eating without ameal card, and haveing two girls in his 
room ." He later added, " playing loud music out his 
window." Many sutdents became upset, feeling that 
Moore was being used as an "example" for the rest of 
the school. Several demonstrations ensued, and the 
issue evolved into a fairly beneficial exchange between 
the students and the adminstratioli involving the latter's 
harshness and strict ness in discipline. 

All in all , then, a fairly unimpressive year for Concern. 
Because there was so much looking forward for the 
future of UCSD, and so much looking inward, issues 
were primarily UCSD-criented But the next two years, 
as we will see, brought an increa e of perception ano 

aninued below 

Continued from page 10 

Continued front pg . 5 and a planetary magnetic field . Dr. radiation upon its arrival at jupiter it will 
Mcilwain suggests that the rotation of the therein still provide us with valuable in-
planet may also be important. Since Jupiter formation concerning the magnitude of 
experiences a weaker solar wind, but rotates Jupiter's radiation hazard. If the spacecraft 
much faster, than the Earth, Jovian radiation is undamaged in flying by Jupiter, it may 
measurements may shed some light on this 'continue to transmit information about 
issue . jupiter and the Earth are the only two interplanetary space for another five to ten 
planets known to possess radiation belts. years, at which time it would be as far out as 

A second jupiter probe, Pioneer 11 , is the orbit of Uranus, about two billion miles 
currently en route, and is scheduled to from Earth . 
arrive a year and two days after Pioneer 10. 
Several retargeting options still exist for 
Pioneer 11 , depending on what happens to 
Pioneer 10. I f the first probe survives the trip 

triton 
' 1lM,. n'Hlf"C' I knn"" u,. ,."."lI,' . ... ' nUlrt' I 

0..,.10) :o ulo"",I<.,. " \\'11\ I ....... 
... ~ ClIIIII ... o..Id...,........ _ n 5 _ • D I 

....... ---CIIr ........... : .......... GNo HIdta ~ 0.-.1 ~ .,. 
• u.... Doa ..... 

.......... .............. an .......... _ 

0.., ................ J_G.1k*> =-,::- =: ... · 
.............. "'-MIndfto .., - .. ....... 

....... . ~ 
........... ...... :..tt w.c.ty ........ Oorttr eo-

......... ~ _ DD._"' ............ ....... 
_ ... ................. '--'Y- iWIIrt""""" ...... DD •• __ 
..... ... ................ E<lc1Wow8 ::-..!..- = '=--
.......................... Ioblileu _ ~.~ 
'" 1 • Dr; ....... Motc:drn SmiIh -,. """'-""' __ _ 

~ "'=- CeIDIIIo o.c.. 
....., ..................... Corinno C- ...- 8IooIm It.IIby ~ 
---a.r..... .. .. Aid< DI9m ,... GIiIio ~.= 

Hen"" Col*> c.., __ Lorry .. -IIar1a _ Scott n.,... 
,..., ............... R_ Auiz DabIe ~ I6cbaeI ~ 

T ... TRITON TIMES .. offic.Uy _ognized .a • 1tU08ll1 
_pep.r by the Communic.tIon Board of the Uniwr./tv of 
CaNtorn •• San D~. Building 280, M8tth_ CampUi. La 
JoIli. Cal"orn. S2037. Publlcetion latwice WMkly on TUHdev-
and FridaV-. Offlc ...... ioc.ted in Aoom 117. BIa ... Hall. 
Awall. Campua. For lICIv.rtleing phon. ~. or 463-2000, X 
1017; for edltortel or _ phon. X 1011. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forsenke 

Mon.-Sat . 
8:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

THE 

2145 EL CAJON BLVD. 
SAN DIEGO, CA92104 

FOf Appointnwn. 
(71 4) 291-6150 

COMMAND POST 
Military Miniatures 

Games 

Books & Prints 

1011 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar 
755-3554 

Ac horos, and the refore 
persons expos d will be 
affected in a detrimental 
way. The detrimental ef-
fects are : (1) an abnormal 
development of brain cells 
as well as an unnatural 
deterioration rate, (2) 
improper development of 
skin texture and body 
structure. Raphael went on 
to point out that Southern 
California is well known for 
its high concentration of 
SMOG . Since Southern 
Californians are exposed to 
a high concentration of 
SMOG they are inferior to 
persons from other parts of 
the state. 

through the radiation belts by a reasonable 
factor, the second may be directed to go 
within one-third the first probe's distance, 
which would bend its trajectory sharply 
enough to sling it towards Saturn, so that 
Pioneer 11 would get a 'ook at both planets . 
On the other hand, if Pioneer 10 gets wiped 
out by the rad iation, Pioneer 11 may not 
want to approach so closely. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 

Hence we can see why 
there are few "good 
looking" men and women 
at UCSD : because the 
student population is 
dominated by Southern 
Californians . 

Yours, 
Tricius Apinatus 

Pioneer 10 has been transm itting data 
conti nuously since it was launch2d, and has 
already aided our understanding of the 
universe. If it should be destroyed by 

involvement for the campus, an increase that made it 
one of the most politically active in the state in the last. 
years of the Sixties . 

Something Special For 
A Special Someone 

at 

NEW MIDWAY 
FED MART STORE 

3245 SPORTS AIIBIA BlVD. 
(Acroa from Sporm Arena) 

eEYEI EDIIIIIED ..... T1OII FlLED 
earACT lEI8 FITTED.., .. 

_: MoIl.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P_M.: Sell0 A.M. - 6 P.M. 
2M-2173 224-2174 

~ 
' .", ........ '" ~ ,i'~ , ,)r . 

.. -' , «.:' § .J ... 
• . .. , j'. 

, 

I.,.,' fashIon, · 
In wi" 'rames 

USE . . , Your AcademIc and Stltfl Emplo, ... CredH Union 

Miramar Rd. 
Lyman Ave. 

Barlie's [ngriuing Co. MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 
YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS·NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 

4022 Central Avenue 
San Diego 92105 

284-5344 

Business Card:> 
Diplomas 
Wedding 
Invitations 
Poems 
Love Letters 
Drawings 
Etchings, Etc. 

USECU 
OFFICE 

TO San Diego 

Office hours are 9 :00 am Ie. 5 :30 pm daily. 
Monday through Friday. Pt. one 453-5620. 

UNIVERSITY & R~R r-2 r== 
STATE EMPLOYEES L!:LJ ~ L.5 

CREDIT UNION 
OF SAN DIEGO 

waUet ize picture only 
Lvman Ave . • t Mirlm. Rd, L. Joll. 92037 - Ph 453-5620 

!)S,~ Mild red S" •• ' . San 01.,0 9ZIIO Phone 191· till 
5191 Coli ••• Avenue . San 01.,0 "1 IS - Phon. ~. " '10 

Pu 11 Triton Tlme\, 
ovember 27, 197 



~'---....;....-----------------announcements-----....... 

AMI LM IERIES F ... Quener 
IchHu" (11711; Nov. 2ID Vor1Iclty 
.nd Auld Mechan!. FIlm - .. 
min.; lItov. '0 Surf_ T .... on In 
Fluid M.ch.nlc. .nd Fluid 
Meclwnlce FlIm-21 min. PIac.: Am 
2m U80 Tim.: 1:1»-2:00 D.y 
T .... (11/271 

R.pr ••• nt.tlv.. from the 
foll_lng org.nlzatlon will be 
conducting Int.rvl.w. on 
Tu •• d.y. Nov. 27. SCIENCE 
APPLICATIONS INC.: .11 degr_; 
Engln •• rlng. Po.ltlon. In 
r •••• rch. Appolntm.nt. .nd 
further Info.t the C.r •• r PI.nnlng 
library. rm 1033. Muir HSS (201. 
(11/271 

BLACK Ooapel Choir will be 
meeting twlc •• _k beginning 
next qu.rter. Any peraon In-
t_t.d In alnglng pI_. com. to 
the Tu... Nov. '0 .t Wlnz ... 
C--.mone •• o w. can decide upon 
two dava thllt .ra .. ra"" with 
the moat peopl •. 111/'01 

wednesday 
Sax - Clinic m .. tI at R.vall. 
Counaalora Offlc.,3 - 5 p.m. W.d 
(N.xt to the Revall. Provoat 
Offlc.l. S.xual Coun.ellng .nd 
Into Open to .tud.nt ••• taff .nd 
faculty . For 'Pptl . • t oth ... tim •• 

cell Yolanda X m1. (Ell 

THE HORSEIACK AIDING CLUI 
will be holding Ita ... t maatlng of 
the quarter W.*'"day.' p.m. In 
USI2m. Plane for trail. beach. or 
dinner rldee .nd the club acton-
aorad movl. for next quartllr will 
be dlac_d. M.mbeR can ."0 
• Ign up .t the maadng to help 
plan .om. of the .ctlvlt!. for 
next qu.rter. Th. more p.opl. 
thet will helP. the mora dlacount 
rid.. c.n b. .cheduled. AI.o. 
tho .. going on the Nov.mber 30 
B .. ch Ride .hould .ttend thi. 
m .. tlng . 

CHINESE STUDIES PROGRAM 
.nd THIRD COLLEGE pr ••• ntl • 
PUBLIC LECTURE. Sp .. k.r will 
be Mr. Fook-Chuan Chan. Topic: 
MINORITIES IN THE PEOPLES 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA: INTER 
DEPENDENCE v. 
ASSIMULATION. Wed. Nov. 21 •• t 
7:30 p.m. In 2100 B.aIe Sclenc. 
Iidg. (M.dlc.1 School 
Audltorluml. F,.. .nd open to the 
public. (11/271 

R.pr ••• nt.tlv.. from the 
following or ... nlz.tlon will b. 
conducting Int.rvlewa on Wad. 
Nov . • . STANfORD UNIV. ORAD 
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS: .11 
d .. ,.... .ny major. No Ap-

.polntmanta Nec .... ry -- locat.d 
In the Rev.lI. Form.1 Loun .... 
.ft.rnoon only. Appolntm.nt. 
.nd further Info .t the Car .... 
PI.nnlng lIbr.ry. rm 8033. Muir 
HSS (201. (11/271 

thursday 

Extenalon 1_ Inatructl_ for 
Enrolling In • F,.. Winter Quarter 
CI_: Mulr.nd A.velle Stud.nta: 
Com. to Room 111A Ad-
mlnl,tr.tlv. Compl.x. M.C . 
Thuradlly. Nov. 21. 11 ' .m. - 3 p.m . 
to rae .. t... for c...... to be 
counted for cr.dlt. Third Coil .... 
Oraduate •• nd M.dlc.1 .tud.nta: 
Contact your r •• pactlv. offlc .. 
b.glnnlng Nov. 21. 

Ev.ry Thurad.y Ev.ning In Tlog. 
1102 Muir from 8:30-2 the Triton 
W.r ... mlng Society m .. tI. (11/271 

Public L.ctur.: St.nl.y 
Aro now Itz. • ocl 01 ogl ... 
at .. lworker. t.acher .t Statan 
laI.nd Community Co.... .nd 
the N.w School of Socl.1 
R_rch .nd .uthor of the 
r.c.ntly publl.h.d F.I .. 
Proml ••• : Th. Sh.plng of 
American Working C.... Con-
.clou._. will ape.k on "Th. 
Sh.plng of R.dlul Con-
.cl_nea." In the Rav.... In-
form.1 Loung. on Thurad.y. 
Nov.mber 2tth .t 4 p.m. The 
lectura I. jointly .pon.ored by the 
D.partm.nt. of HI.tory . 
PhilOIophy •• nd Urban & Rural 
Studl... .nd .dml.alon I. fra .. 
(11/271 

R.pr ••• ntatlv.. from the 
following or .. nlz.tlon. wi. be 
conducting Intarvlawa on Thura .• 
Nov. 21. STANFORD LAW 
SCHOOL: .ny deg,.. •• 11 majora. 
No AppOlntm.nta N._ry --
coma to the AaveI.. Form.1 
Loung • . NAVAL ELECTRONIC 
SYSTEMS (U.S.I: BS In 
Engineering. .pac .. tty In elec-
tronic.. A •••• rch po.ltlon • . 
Appolntm.nt. R.qulr.d . Ap-
polntm.nta .nd further Info .t the 
C.r .. r PI.nnlng lIbr.ry. rm 1033. 
Muir HSS (201 (11/271 

G.ttlng the lunchtlm.-
boradomblue.? The He No.l.nl 
Co. I. having • BASKESALE. 
Thur • . Nov. 21 .• t 12-2 p.m. Come 
to the International Center (.cro .. 
from that I. MC 211 .nd put • 
yummv In your tummyl (11/271 

general 
o.t .. In yow '- cIvIaIon and 
_ '-chIaIon ~ In biology 
and ~ In the IIoIogy and 
a.rn..rv ClIne:. £,;nw HIlI un; 
OpeRITUI.-ftt. 2:CD6.GIt Aun-.... .,. 
.. photw# CD7.(ElI 

UCID Art o.n.ry . P.lntlng. by 
Bob Wed .. Tivough Dec .•• 1. 
Hum.nItIea Llb,.ry luld. Hou .. 
daly 12 ... nd Wad .• van 1-10 p.m. 
(O".ry w. b. cloead Nov. 22-.'. 
(Ell 

ATTENTIONI YOU can receIv. up 
to .1.000 from mod.1 cltl .. 
acholarahlp program. You muat be 
• modal ettl.a realden.. Fundi 
.v.llab.. to cov... .xpan_ for 
Spring '74 Sam...... (January . 
Jun.' . Appllc.tlon d.adlln.: 
DECEMBER 3. 1173 Application 
form. aval .. bI.ln .11 Third Coli ... 
Offlc.. .nd the Financial Aida 
Offlce.lll/271 

R.p".entatlv.. from tha 
foll_Ing org.nlz.tlon will be 
conducting Int.rvlew. on Friday. 
Nov. 30. U.C. BERKELEY LAW 
SCHOOL: .11 d.gr ..... ny major. 
No AppOintment N.c .... ry --
come to the Revelle Inform.1 
Loung. betw •• n 10:30 .nd 4:00 
Appolntmanta .nd furthar Info at 
the Car .. r Planning Ubr.ry. rm 
1033. Muir HSS (201. (11/301 

SKI TRIPI RJNI Chln_ Studanta 
.t UCSD will m.ke • 3-day joint 
outing with the Chine .. Stud.nt 
Allocl.tlon .t S.D. StatII. to 110 
BEAR LAKE. Tim. I. tentatively 
.. t for the I_t week of D.cember. 
or the flrat week of J.nu.ry. Coat: 
.16.00 par "reon for room .nd 

b~ for 2 nlghta. Tr.naportatlon 
can be .".nead. For mora In-
formation. call HllrIey T •• at X2IIiZI 
or 7116-G13Z. (11/301 

R.pre •• ntatlv.. from the 
foll_lng Ot'g.nlz.tlon will be 
conducting Intarvl.w. on 
Mond.y. Dec. 3. ARGONNE NATL 
LABS. Ph. D. Engln •• rlng . 

R .... rch po.ltlon.. Ap-
pOIncmenta .nd further Info at the 
C_ P"nnlng Ullnlry. rm". 
Muir HSS 1201. (11/., 
R.pr ••• ntatlv.. from the 
fotlowlng organization wNI be 
conducting Intervlawa on Dec. 7 
PROCTER & GAMBLE Ph. D .• 
Chemlatry. R .. earch pOaItiona. 
Appolntm.nta and furth ... Info .t 
the C.,.... P"nnlng Ub,.ry. rm 
1033. Muir HSS (201. (11/301 

Adv.nced Film Samln.,.-A VI.ual 
Arta cour.. to be glv.n thle 
Winter by M.nny F.rbar. 
.peclflcally for .tudenta who have 
h.d training In writing .nd 
movl ... Th. cou". I. not lIat.d In 
the c.talogue. (11/271 

Frid.y. Nov.mber 30. .t 6:00 In 
UCSD Th_tra - Chlc.no Theat,. 
Jorg. Huert. . founder .nd 
director of EI T.etro de I. 
E..,....nz •• will glv •• brief lectu,. 
.nd pr_t the film BRUJERIAS. 
Th18 film I. the fl .. t atempt by .nv 
group of ChIc.noe to record • 
alice of Chicano life on flIm--not 
... docum.ntary. but ••• ecra.n 
play. 

BRUJERIAS I •• humoroua 100 
.t our _n .upe .. tltlon •• nd how 
w. can .11_ them to overtake u .. 
The play hea baan produced 
throughout C.llfornl. to .n-
thus_tic .udlence.. .nd tha 
movie prom .... to be jUit .. wall 
received. The lactura .nd film will 
be p,...nt.d from 11 ... :00 In t 
UCSD Theetr.. No .dmlaalon 
charg •. (11/301 

---ads for ourselves-----------------.:....----... 
personal 

We need yOU to h.lp u. org.nlze .. 
Artlm.... Ollv.r Fund R.i.lng 
movie. If you're Intare.tad In 
helping pl ••• c.1I Michelle 463-
8836 or B.b. Barker X2017.(11/271 

I now have the book Dracul •• 
thank • • Micheli. (11/271 

To my brul .. d GyP'Y: proml ••• no 
more .penklng.. I Itch for you 
• Iw.y •. Your COllIck. (11/271 

PHIL 0 - H.ppy Birthday to • big 
" wheel" -- even though I ".pok." 
b.fore Thur.dav. (11/271 

O.car - All I .v ... w.nted to do 
w.. ju.t give you love. H.ppy 
Blrthd.y anywey. (11/271 

Steve L-- H.ppy Birthday Thur. 
from a good f.m.l. friend (11 /271 ' 

FED'N: Vlaltora friendly. How do 
you rec.lv. th.m? A Cosmic 
Welcome. perh.p.? M.C. (11/ 271 

OWL ... ,. .cratch.cratch .cretch 
.cratch .cratch .. ? Happy 24th 
(11/271 

Chenglng Tim .. I. a non-profit 
radical boobtore operated by 
community p.opl. and UCSD 
.tud.ntl. Drop by to get a book. 
to u •• the reading room or just for 
• cup of coffee. 146 So. Hiway 101. 
Solana Beech. (11/271 

Since It Is up to me to dlstingul.h 
betw .. n the two Spock • • I hIVe 
decided thet the Spock In Ster-
d.te 1367.63 (Nov. 201 is the im-
poster. TRIBBLES HAVE NO 
TOESI Captain James T. Kirck 
SC937-0176 CSC . U.S .S . EN -
TERPRISE (11 /271 

Dave. Dodie. Gayle & Mike. 
thanks lot for my surprise bd 
party. never imagined it would 
happen 2 mos. in advanc • . it reallv 
tripped and psyched m. out. 
much love. IIrn.1 (Pll /271 

Looking for an Intelligent . 
idealistl.: man 30 years old. give or 
take 5. It t home with him .. 1f and 
the nat Jrel thing. around him. 
C.II M~rl. (241 de sign mgr 
decoret')( shp 756-9709 (Pll /271 
lloyd hawley-vour La Corb.ta is 
in the '" office (11 /271 

last & found 

watch. Lost In gym November 13. 
453-1072 Marc 111/271 
LOST: Post dde-rule. 4th floor 
Urey Hall. PI ... e returnl I need 
mv number. . Xl221 Asmann 
(11 /271 
LOST: copy of Palmer's the Age of 
Democretlc R.volution. Vol. 1 
lIreat sentiment. I value. Ple •• e 
return to Triton Tlmea or c.1I 753-

WANTED: IN GREAT NEED - Book 
Shel".s with Brick. C.II 462-1546 
and .. k for Laura 111/301 

ANY WITNESSES to the three car 
accld.nt on N. Torrey Pinll Rd. 
leat Monday (11/121 .t 10:30 • . m. 
(liP. the driver of the front c.rl 
pi.... c.1I John Morning or 
Evening 453-2296 (Pll/271 

0590 (11/271 N.ed rid. to Kan .. s City D.c. 8-12 
Lo.t: BI.ck he.db.nd In Rev. WIII.h.re g ... nd driving. Bill 462-
Cafe. Frj nit •. Sent. V.lu. 756-1047 0208 (11/301 
M.rk (11/301 
Lo.tNov. 7. engraved watch. La.t 
s .. n In P.E. Intramural office. 
Pi .... c.1I Jon 462-8&96 (11/301 
LOST: Wire frame gl ..... In or 
n .. r 2A' parking lot. 469-6308 
(11/301 
LOST: N.vy blu. UCSD notebook. 
Fren 11 & E.starn Art note .. 
Finder c.1I Eleenor. 452-8~47 
111 / 301 
LOSTI Larg. green "Herald 
Squ.,," ere.er In Think T.nk 
11/15. Pi .... return to PO Box 
4061 . Ha. s.ntlmental v.lue 
(11/301 
FOUND: blue j.cket. Call xlO39 
carolyn or roberto (11/301 
LOST- Power Elite by CW Mills 
USB 2822 on 11-19-UC Ub. book-
call M.lIss. 7li6-e171 no qu .. tion. 
(11 / 301 
Paul Yazakl-vour checkbOOk i. In 
the TT offlce.(ll/301 
Lo.t gr .. n m.th l-A notebook 
Nov. 13. call Pete at 753-7501. 
111/301 
LOST: HP-35 calculator lo.t or 
mi.plec.d on third floor BSB. Can 
id.ntify. C.II Mark evening. 756-
6676. (11 /301 

wanted 
The UCSD Day Car. Cllnter Is 
expanding . w. need donations of 
toys. books. a record player. 
musical instruments •• mell table • • 
and anv play aqulpment in good 
condition and sultabl. for pre-
school children. Don.tlons .re tex 
deductibl • . 

Call 453-2000. Ext. 2891 . leave 
name and addre.s. Wa will pick 
up on Saturdays. (11 /271 

Wanted: Ch .. p b.njo. Call Francl • 
463~49 111/271 

PARTTIME JOBS AVAILABLEII 
.900 per year to .tem Minimum 
.3.17 per houri Opportunitiea for 
men and women I Cont.ct the 
California Army national Guard 
4n-2181 (Pll/301 
I n.ed a ride to Nashville. Tenn or 
Florida in Dec. Will share ex-
p.n .. s and driving . Call 291 -9486. 
(11/271 
Going to Colorful Coloredo? Need 
rid. leaving anytime after Dec. 4. 
Will share driving and expenses. 
463-3615 (11/271 
Need ride to Salt Lake end of 
quarter. Will shere gas • • tc. D.b 
Lycan 463-2581 (11/271 

for sale 
For Sele: One-Way Return Ticket 
from New York. to dep.rt New 
York Jan lat. call (11 722-5803. 
111/271 
4 Sale or trade cheap • 7' 
spooltable - u haul 2n-2157 Us. 
(11 /271 
Will Trade Adjulteblellocklng ski 
rack (Fits larger carl for trunk or 
foreign car type rack. 274 ... 135 
111/271 
CI .. n 69 Mustang. Landau. stick 
6cyl. 250 cu. Am Magi. an honest 
22mpg. $1150. 756-5059 aft 8 
p.m.(11 /271 
FOR SALE: Kaw8sakl 90 Motor-
cycle. Excll condo 700 miles Manv 
.xtras. Good local trans. 462-0366 
111/271 
Carbon·Graphita golf shaft needs 
h.ad and grip make offer call 463-
6902 ask for Luigi (11 /271 
Ski Bootl: Have only been used 
twice. Garmisch slz. 7 great for 
beginners esk for Benn 453-8902 
111 /271 

Rider wanted to San Jose on Sat. 
D.c. 8 Return ian. 6 . Share driving 
& .xpen.... Wanda 453-8883. 
111 /301 Schwinn Varsity 10 IPeed: Almost 
WANTED : Blochem . Met.bo. n.w; $80; Call after 6:00. 753-7370 
Chert Wataon. Molec. Blo. 273- 111 /271 
7281S. (11 /301 
WANTED: Fairly cheep board for 
I.arnlng. 756-1047 (11 /301 

English 10-speed bike. Good condo 
1 y.ar old. t60 or best off. 463-3615 
111 /271 

1988 Gu.tavo de Santo. cl ... ical 
FI.menco Guitar w /Tuningp.g .. 
.175.00 Bill Vlymen X2588 (Pl1/271 

R.ln gear. Cagoule 86-36 cloth 
stuff pocket. snaps. $20.00 x-
conel. Roy 463-1736 :'~ /271 

TYPEWRITERS: Stand-up office 
ROYAL ... funky UNDERWOOD 
$25 C.II 753-6210 111/301 

Down Ski J.cket - Guy.' medium 
New - M6 - mUit .. II b.fore Xmas 
- M.ri. 463-4_ (11/301 

King Size M.ttra ... $20 756-4735 
(11/301 

TENNIS RACKETS: T.d Imperial 4 
3/8 like new. no Itrlng. .19; 
Pancho Gonzalea 4 1/2 .19. 753-
5210 (11/301 

Quad revr.. tape d.ck. .pkra .• 
(JVCI & 30 tapea-moet cl ... ic.1. 
Will .. II all or p.rt. 463-2388. 
(11/301 

Beautiful Favill. cl ... lc.1 guitar 
$100. Call John Miller at X2534 or 
753-4801 (11/301 

1953 Ford 2-door. one ownar. 
Sp.re parte and anglne. Run. 
w.lI. looks good. .200 or offer. 
Frank 756-8198 (11/301 

12 String Guitar. Bllt Eko. Mint 
condo f .. t neck .• 150 or ? Fred .t 
756-8151 (11/301 

Glve-.w.y to des.rving p.raon; 
'83 Buick with new brak .. new 
b.tt.ry. good engine. ugly body 
doe.n·t ltart ... Ie.ve number. 7&6-
3821 (11/301 

For Sele: Surfboard 7'3" A.klng 
.15 AI.o flore.cent blackllght .5. 
Bill .t 462-1208 (11/301 

PENTAX Spotm.tlc w/ 35mm f2.8. 
135mm f2.8. close-ups. caae .150 
c.1I 7&6-0482 (11/301 

FOR SALE: Kofl.ch buckle boots 7 
1/2 narrow. Excellent condition 
.35. St.ve 469-9132. (11/301 

1972 KAWASAKI 125. 6.000 miles. 
exc.llent condition. mu.t sell. 
t375. 452-1586 esk for Tom (11/301 

SOUND PATTERN OF ENGLISH. 
by Chom.ky and Hall • . Exc. condo 
$7. 453-5348 eVil. (11/301 

63' Pontiac Ste/ w.g . • 150 464-6897 
(11/301 

Unu.ed He.vy-welght Ba .. 

Hiking Boota. 81 /2-9 Straet sh'oe 
.Ize t25 (co.t MIl 7&6-8351 (11/301 

87 XKE be.utlful condition mutt 
lell. bllt offer. chrom. wheel •• 
.tereo I.te .veng. 224-8835 
(Pll/301 

MGB Tonn •• u cover .30 Camera 
$20 7fi6.9643 111/301 

housing 

Roommate n •• ded for b •• utlful 
hou .. in Cardiff. Near Beech .nd 
Cruls.r; pool. C.II Dan X2378 
(11/301 

services 
Pregn.nt .nd Troubled? San 
Diego Pro-life L .. gue c.n help 
you find .ltarn.tivII to .bortlon. 
Call 863-LlFE. (P11/:tu1 

Ex-unlv. In.tructor In Chln .. e lit. 
Fem.le w.nt.d to Ihara • rm In a & I.ng. I. Interaated In tutoring & 
2-bedrm La Jolla Villag. Apt." t"nalatlon. Call: 41i2-1806(P11/271 
mo. Call 463-3815 111/271 

2 bedroom apt. in P.clflc Bch. Auto R.palr. Welding. Engine 
nice nelghbora. e .. y hitch to Rebuilding Low ratea Loran 462-
Ichool 272-2157---li .. (11/271 1837 (11/271 

PB Nice 1 BR unf . • 150. Drepes 
cpte .• built-In • . 4897 MI .. lon 274-
4314. 488-7360. No p.te. (Pl1/301 

Female roomm.t. ""ded Dec. 111 
to .here 2 bdrm. furn . • pt. In P.B. 
$9O/mo. Call Corey 273-3049. 
(11/301 

ROOM FOR RENT - .100/mo-3blk. 
to oc .. n-Del Mar. flrepl.ce. dog 
OK dbl occ OK. 756-80Z6; P.ul 
X1827 (11/301 

HSE FOR RENT DEC 8-JAN 7 $80. 
LOC ON 5 ACRE RANCH CONT 
DAN OR SAUY 7fi5.602O (11/301 

Two fem.l. roommat .. w.nt.d 
for big hou .. In I. jolla .76 rant. 
469-1791 (11/301 

W.nted: Fem.le rm m.te to .har. 
2 bdrm. 2 bath apt w/3 othera. 
$70/mon & elec. 469-7789 (11/301 

Room av.iI.ble In large hou ... t 
5709 Waverly Avenu • . La JolI • . • 75 
mo. Female preferr.d. 111/301 

Grad. Stud.nt (hlttory dept.1 from 
Taiwan ... k. hou.lng clo.. to 
campul. I do not have. car. L •• ve 
me ... g. for Chen at 'X. 1941. 
(11/301 

Own room MO/mth 3 bdrm house 
Sol. Bch. 1 blk to bch & PeG. Fd. 
ev.lI. 1/ 1 c.1I Chrl. 7&6-8642 (11/301 

Townhou •• for rant. D.c. & J.n. -
m.yb. I.tar. N.w 3 bid 1-1/2 b.th 
5 mlnut.. from UCSD. P.rtly 
furnl.hed adu Ita preferred. 221.00 
p.r month. 4&2-8717 (11/301 

M.le (PH.D .• 301 looking for hou .. 
to .hare with group of g .. d. 
.tud.nte 22A-a&6. Ed. (Pl1/'D1 

OUTSTANDING PART TIME JOB. 
La JoIl • . m.I./f.m. dally 1-6 p.m. 
xlnt P'V . car n.c. 4113-264 
eve.( Pll /201 

TYPISTIIBM/RUSH JOBS/ PhD-
MA theaes/".umll/term pap.ral 
R._rch/edltlng/ XeroX/463-0666 
(Pll/301 

TLC c.n chenge your whol. Ilfel 
270-08441 after 8:30 p.m. (11/271 

Expart Typing •• xperi.nced on .11 
typal of pep.ra. F .. t .ervlc • . 
Exc.lI.nt grammar .nd .palling . 
R ••• on.bl.. IBM . CI.lr.mont 
ar.. . C.II Marilyn at 68&-7010 
111/301 

travel 
C.mpu. Travel Servlc.: UCSD 
Winter Charter Flight. In-
ternatlon.1 Center IMCI - 462-0830 
- 10-12 a.m. & 2-5 p.m. Mon thru 
Frio (Pl1/301 

EUROPE. ISRAEl. JAPAN & No Y. lDN 
COST RJGHTS AVAllA8l.E AI.S.T. 
1CII S. LA OENEOA Blvd LA CA 
12131 tEl-27Z7(11t:1l1 

Vary Ched, one way fIIghti to 
E .. t Co .. t Early Dec. 753-3000 .ft. 
6:00 p.m. (11/2:1 

FLIGHTS YEAR ROUND 
Europ •• Ori.nt. 1" •• 1. Africa. AI.o 
one-w.y.. Spec. XMAS fl. to 
LOND·ON . MUNICH .TOKYO . 
Sinc. 1910 ISTC. INC.' % % % N. 
Beverly Dr. • Bev.rly HII.. C • . 
90210. ph (2131 ~11O (11/301 

Don't forget... Friday Nov. 30 is the last issue of the quarter . 

r 12 Triton Tim S. 
Nov mb r 27. 1 71 

. Get your ads, etc. in by, Wed. at 5:00. 


