
Volume 18, Number 10 

Nuclear Powerlncrease 
Dispute in San Onofre 

Greg Moser 

Just up the coast, at San Onofre, is a single 430 
kilowatt nuclear generator capable of producing, in a 
year, electrical power equivalent to nearly 5,000 
Hiroshima-sized bombs, and, radio active wastes to 
match. 

Two more reactors, each of them 1140 kilowatts, are 
planned for the San Onofre site. They will be the 
largest ever built. 

Before construction can begin, Southern California 
Edison and San Diego Gas and Electric who plan to 
jointly build the generator, must be licensed by the 
Atomic Energy Commission. The proposed construc-
tion will take place after hearings, mostly public ones, 
to determine if the proposed plants are needed, safe, 
and environmentally sound. 

University of California, San Diego 

It is at this stage that the battles between atomic 
advocates and environmentalists are most often fought. 
Three groups are actively opposed to the plants as 
proposed. At the safety hearing in January both 
GUARD (Groups United Against Radiation Dangers) 
and the Scenic Shoreline Preservation Conference 
presented their cases. Wilderness Studies 

The People's Lobby is awaiting a court decision on 
their request that no permit be issued due to a lack of 
proven safety features. One specific feature, the 
Emergency Core Cooling System, has never been 
successfully tested in a full-scale model. The system is 
supposed to inject cold fluid into the plant if the 
primary cooling system fails. 

According to GUARD chairman Lyn Harris Hicks, the 
power companies operating the San Onofre plant 
" have not demonstrated that they can operate the 
ex isting plant safely. They have not made the changes 
required by the AEC to increase safety. They have had 
accidents, but these have only been reported to the 
AEC and not disclosed." She said that there is "no 
consistent monitoring system" to detect releases of 
radioactivity, only a "sampling" system. 

At the safety hp.aring in January it was ruled that the 
environmentalist's request that the plants be located 
underground was not feasible because of high costs 
and that the subject should be more properly discussed 
at later hearings to be held in Mayor June. 

She said SCE had located a suitable underground site 
on Camp Pendleton. This site is six miles from the 
nearest population. The San Onofre site is two and a 
half miles forom the populated Capistrano Bay area. 

The environmentalists claim that other sources of 
energy, such as geothermal energy, are available, but 
have been neglected. Lyn Hicks pointed to the 13 
geothermal generators now being operated by Pacific 
Gas and Electric in northern California. These provide 
electricity at the cost of $150 per kilowatt, whereas 
nuclear power is estimated at $555 a kilowatt. 

According to their press release, Subsidiaries of 
SDG&E are working to complete a 10 megawatt 
prototype plant which will utilize high presure hot 
saline water trapped under the Imperial Valley. The Salt 
complicates technical problems and, according to 
SDG&E, is not present in the geyser fields tapped in the 
north. 

San Diego Gas and Electric admits it does not need 
the new plants to meet power demands for the next 
decade, but in order to guard against shortag~s during 
periods of peak power demand it will need additional 
power sources. 

Without the nuclear plants conventional fossit-fuel 
plants would be built. These, like the four present 
plants, would be able to burn lowcost lowsulphur oil, 
the only fuel expected to be available. 

Proof of the increasing power of environmentalists is 
the fate of the Kaiparowits project. This is a plan for a 
5,000 kilowatt coal-fired generator to be built in 
Southern Utah. It was scheduled for completion 
around 1980. 

SDG&E was to have recieved up to a third of the 
pow.er produced there. Some company officials now 
doubt it will ever be built. The public and legal protests 
anticipated loom as insurmountable obstacles in the 
face of easier alternatives. The plant would distribute 
air pollution and bring mining to the scenic and wild 
area. 

But traditional power plants are at a disadvantage 
because their pollutants are visible. Much more is 

(Continued on Pale 11) 

(Whole University Productions Press Release) 
In the coming spring term, John Muir College will 

offer a course devoted to the study of the wilderness 
and modern man . A general meeting is being held to 
acquaint students with the course's objectives on 
Thursday, February 15, at 7:30 p.m. in the Muir Com-
mons North Dinmg Hall . Any student interested in 
enrolling in the course - officially called Contemporary 
Issues 20 - should make a special effort to attend this 
meeting. 

Contemporary Issues 20 has been designated by a 
steering committee consisting of twelve undergraduate 
students and four faculty members. The committee's 
endeavor has been to approach wilderness from a 
number of angles, making the study of wilderness truly 
interdisciplinary. Such topics as the politics of the 
wilderness, the wilderness in the culture of primitive 
man, wilderness aesthetics and the wilderness as an 
ecological system will be discussed in the course's bi-
weekly lectures. The steering committee is attempting 
to present such notable speakers as Eliot Porter, the 
acclaimed wilderness photographer, Stuart Udall, 
former Secretary of the Interior and Kenneth Rexroth, 
a Contemporary American poet. 

Besides the lecture series, the course-will also offer a 
number of small specialized sections. These will be led 
by undergraduate students from the steering com-
mittee and will center on specific aspects of wilderness. 
Section work will include research for and augmenta-
tion of individual and group projects and will account 
for at least half of the total grade for the course. The 
quarter's work will culminate in a long trek into a 
wilderness area following the examination period in 
June. 

Any student interested in the course but unable to 
attend the Thursday night meeting should contact the 
students' Educational Change & Development Center 
in the loser Muir Commons (ext:2516) or Provost 
Stewart's office (ext.1901). 

Welfare Department 
"Speak with 
forked tongue"? 

"Unit d Native Americans and the American Indian 
Center of San Francisco fil d their econd civil rights 
complaint today in an att mpt to top Native 
Americans from being ch at d out of 300 job by th 
California W /fare Department", stat d UNA Presid nt 
Lehman Brightman at a pr ss conf ren h Id in th D 
Indian C nt r Tuesday. 

"Of th 28,727 W Ifar D partm nt mploy in 
thi stat , only 47 are Natlv Am ricans", aid Bright-
man, "y t to omply with th 1964 Civil Right A t at 
last 300 mor Native Ameri an should b mplov d 
within th W Ifar Department. " 

Continued on page 11 

Friday, February 9, 1973 

Watson, 3rd College 
Carrie Rickey 

EDITOR'S NOTE: An arlicle in the November 20,1972 
issue of the LOS ANGELES TIMES concerned itself with 
UCSO's planned expansion and how the importance of 
the "controversial" Third College would be decreased 
because administrators wanted to double the enroll-
ment and they didn 't feel there were "enough 
qualified minorities" to meet the projected Third 
College enrollment of 2,000 student . 

William Trombley, the author of the article, charged 
that the faculty did nol want " Third College, born in 
controversy and plagued by troubles throughout their 
short, three-year life, to wind up with one-third of the 
campus facilities and professorial slots." Two new 
colleges would be added to attract the students that 
were not being attracted to Third College. 

Vice-Chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul Salt man 
was quotd by Trombley as saying, "We could not wait 
for Third College to grow fast enough to meet the 
enrollment pressure we had been feeling." 

Speculations were made regarding the University's 
commitment to Third College. In the administration's 
haste to increase numbers of students at the campus, 
would Th ird College be overlooked and then aban-
doned because il could not keep up at the pace with 
mushrooming student enrollment at Muir and Revelle? 

This is the first in a series of articles dealing with Third 
College, its history and future. 

" If you give me two alternatives, one ot having Third 
College be experimental, where every new idea is 
supposed to be tried and if there are no clear objec-
tives of the program other than experimentation, and 
one where Th ird College would be a Black and Brown 
Revelle, I am in favor of the latter, because at least that 
way we know where we are going", says Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson. 

Many people involved in the program at Third 
College hold that what they call " Watson's dream of a 
Black/Brown Revelle" is at variance with the original 
academic plan for Third College which stressed 
community-related education rather than science and 
mathematics courses. 

(The present General Education requirements at 
Third College are weighted considerably more toward 
breadth in Science and Technology courses than the 
requirements at Muir College, and the e Third College 
requirements of three quarters of science and two 
quarters of mathematics are nearly as stringent as those 
of Revelle College.) 

Provost Watson claims that an objective of Third 
College is to " educate students in a manner that makes 
them at least competitive with other UC graduates, and 
that other course programs and requirements have 
been formulated to compensate for some of the 
students' entrance deficiencies. It takes time and ex-
perience to develop such a program that will be 
optimally effective and that will bridge high school 
deficiencies and produce competitive graduates." 

He denied contention of some of the Third 
College faculty and students who maintain that Third 
College is an experimental institution: " Th ird College 
is NOT an experiment, it is not a sop to minorities. It is 
an educational institution dedicated to the education 
of large numbers of minority students. 

" As an institution, it does have permanency. The 
only thing that can destroy Third College is the demise 
of the commitment of students and faculty. And no 
matter how much dreamers ... wish, that has not 
occurred and will not occur. Third College is com-
mitted to those principles that made students and 
faculty issue the Lumumba-Zapata demands of 1969." 

(Th Lumumba-Zapata demands were made by the 
Black Student Caucus and the Mexican-American stu-
dent group on March 26, 1969, when they met with 
UCSD Chancellor William McGill and called for 
UCSD's Third College to " be devoted to relevant 
ducation for minority youth and to th contemporary 
ocial problems of all peopl .") 

Provost Watson doe not con id r th University's 
mov to creat more colleg a. UC D unordinary, 
" The stablishm nt of Fourth Coli g i quite con i -
tent with th major chara t ri ti of Am ri an History. 
Minority con erns ar alway the 1<1 t to b on id r d 
and th fir t to b di card d. If U ~ D i to remain eli t 
(in th good and bad n of th word) it ha to grow 
in d r to obtain re our e . 

I ar, and I'm not urpn d that It a 01 a I r 
for Ih ampu to grow by r ru iting wh it middl -

la tud nt than it i to r ruit qualifi d m' ritv 
Iud nt or pial action admi ion tud nt .... Th r ; 

no ov rt ra i m impli d h r , but mor p opl would 
fIb It r in a ituation wh r a minimum and not a 

of minoriti around", con Iud d 



• 

The 5 & Dime: 
"A Creative Venture" 

Have you ever found yourself around 9 to 12, P.M. 
any night of the week, bored to tears with those chem 
equations, fed up with you r roommate'S incoherent 
mumbling, or had a sudden craving for cho alate 
glazed donuts? 

Lincoln Cushi\"lg and a small group of concerned 
volunteers are trying to solve these vital problems in 
the form of the '5 Dime' . Located below the main 
cafeteria in the Muir Commons, this non-profit, 
student-organized gathering place IS an effort to boost 
the recreational facilities at UCSD. Films, dances, music 
and occasional entertainers, both spontaneous and 
planned, have found a home and an appreciative 
audience in this relaxed atmosphere. 

Although on the sa me lines as the Revelle Coffee 
Hut, the 5 & Dime has developed more of an ex-
perimental approach . According to Lincoln, one of the 
original initiators and the present general manager of 
this Muir night spot, the 5 & Dime was established in 
reaction to the great need for some place to gather 
socially after studying. With initial financial aid from 
the Resident Halls, it has now developed the space and 
facilitie to be "open to anyone who wants to use its 
resources." Over the last year, the 5 & Dime has 
functioned as not o nly a snack bar, but an anti-war 
strike center, a tes ting ground for student-created 
films, and an individual or group music hall. 

" The 5 & Dim is an open stage" says Lincoln . "It's 
open to new ideas, new changes and aspecially to 
tollecti ve student oemion making ince it opened in 
thl: mid-winter quarter last year, the 5 & Dime has 
\td) ed operatior"Jal but not cOMpletely successful. 
tude nts should become aware of our aim." 
The key to the 5 & Dime's future is more student 

participation. Volunteers are welcome, to work the 
coffee bar, advertl e work the sound systems, gather 
entertain menT, or whatever one might wish to give. 
Those Interested can contact Lincoln at 453-8409, Julia 
at 453-9537 or anvone worki ng at the 5 & Dime 

W hat' Happening? 
Women Pre-meds . Think yc:;'d make a great doctor 

but not sure where to start? Come to the meet ing on 
Fn Feb. 9, in thp 'Irq floor lecture room at the Med 
School, at 6:30 p m. Speakers and discussion groups 
with people who ~ave been there. Bring a sack dinner 
e1nd all your que~tions Attendance of this meeting is 
manda tory if you want to participate in futu re 
workshops and a(\lvlties. 

If you don't know wha t Shakespeare has to do with 
Physics, you might wa nt to attend Professor R. J. 
Gould's lecture on Wed nesday, Feb. 14, at 2-3 ;50 in 2B-
2103. His topic will be "I ntergalactic M dium : Much 
Ado About othing". 

On Feb. 13, Dr. Bryngdah l will give a lec ture entitled 
'Polarization and Moirre or CarriPr Frequency 
Photr graphy at 2' 30 in 2A-2101 

Wry ~o to las VI' 1S when you can get corrupted 
right Pre dt LC ~DI rhe Rerrpation Department IS 
~pon' o ring a Ca~ino I~ht on Fri., Feb. 9. Free prIZes, 
gdmr Ii g, wheel of fortune. blackjack, and roulette. 

~VO·tl ~ bcgi t 7 lO, lasts till 11 'offiCIally. nnvl,\ay). 
TICk, S dr 501! at Ih!> <100' vf h! " . 

~turl 'n! n per~()nnpl rein get $1 d (ount 
d St'at at h onqlJ;~larlor- DJIl.ls Chap,lrral 

, n ..,n un, F b. 11, at 7 30 pm In P tNson G rr. 
r} ,t'!;O tat'. 3 sure and bring qud Ilt Dr 
~ d IIp rvmnl I I D 'U 

Round rohm play on f ·11 18. Q-12 n()on Oil tre MUir 
pnnls com s. Sponsolt· J by t p T~nnl Club. 

Fh re will b dn o rganiLational meeting of th(' TenniS 
Club concernin partner~, trips, match s, tournelments, 
comf' .md h Jp plan. Mon , Feb. 12, at 5 p.m. in the P.E. 
classroom. 

Page 2 Triton Tjmes fr,da,y, febr,u~ry 9, 1973 

Grant Given for 
Muscle Cell Research 

Dr. Hannah Friedman, Assistant Professor of Biology 
at UCsD, has been awarded a $15,000 grant from the 
Muscular Dystrophy Associations of America, Inc. 
(MDAA) to further her work in membrane synthesis in 
cu ltured muscle cell . 

Ten-ypar-old Francis "Bucky" Potochnik, MDAA 
poster child, accompanied by Mr. David S. Moore, 
President of the an Diego County Chapter, presented 
the award to Dr. Friedman and Chancellor William D. 
McEl roy in a recent ceremony in the Chancellor's 
Office. 

In return , Bucky received a sample of the biolumins-
cent fluid produced by firef lies on which Dr. McElroy is 
doing studies as well as a trip to Dr. Friedman's office to 
look at muscle cells under a microscope. 

Muscular dystrophy, which strikes most frequentl y in 
young boys, causes progressive weakening and 
deterioration of the skeletal muscles. As a result the 
victims of the disease may become completely disabled 
and confined to a bed or a wheelchair for the 
remainder of their lives. 

In a degenera t ive disease such as muscular 
dystrophy, some normal element within the muscle 
tissue ceases to function properly. Dr. Friedman's work 
focuses on the muscle cell's surface membrane, the 
thin layer of materia l which separates the cell from its 
external environment. This membrane is constantly 
turning over, growing and changing. 

The mechanism behind this growth and ability to 
change is still unknown. It is hoped that Dr. Friedman's 
research will shed light on the processes involved in 
normal cultured muscle cells. Then, the differences 
found in the dystroph ic muscle will be able to be 
understood and possib ly corrected. 

Dr. Friedman received her B.A. from Vassar College 
and her Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology. She spent two years doing postdoctoral 
work in Cambridge, England, at the Medical Research 
Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology before she 
came to UCSD in July 1972. 

Moore noted that $54,000 has been allocated to 
researchers in the San Diego area, and MDAA cu rrently 
funds research in California totalling $200,000. Since 
1960 the Association has provided $1.6 million for basic 
research in the state. 

Dr. Hannah Friedman, Assistant Professor of 
Biology at the UCSD shows Francis "Bucky" 
Potochnik, Muscular Dystrophy Associations of 
America, Inc. (MDAA) poster child for San Dit ~~ 
County, a sample of muscle cells. Dr. Friedman 
recently was awarded a $15,000 grant by the 
MDAA to further research she is doing in mem-
brane synthesis in clutured muscle cells. 

Photo by University of California, San Diego 

Female Pre-Meds: Getting There 
Karen Armitage 

The following article is an excerpt 
from a two hour interview with 
Doreen Kossove, a third year 
medical student at UCSD School of 
Medicine. Ms.Kossove is pre ently 
involved in a program to aid Pre-
Med women in matters relating to 
gaining dd mittance 10 medica l 
school. 

Triton Times: Cou ld you sum-
marize the problems that you 
perceive pre-med women as 
haVing? 

Ms. Ko s ov : Some of th e 
p roblems tha t pre-med women 
have stem from just being women, 
some stem from being women wan-
ting to do something other tha n 
traditional role kinds of things. 
Others are common to all pre-med 
students such as just trying to get 
into medical chool. 

A college woman has a certain 
degree of distinction and 
sophistication for her accomplish-
ment, but to go farther and seek a 
career in "hat has been largely a 
mdn'; world requires a certain kind 
of roura~e Most of the wom('n 
who cho(J~e to pursue this method 
are oftf'n "undf'rwhelmed" with 
encouragem nt 

It'~ true that you should be very 
determirwd hut it also helps if you 
know how to rh nn I your f'nergy. 
Tht 're Me hart cuts to certaIn skills. 
It isn't nf'CE'< .. ary to learn eVNythlng 
Ihe h.ud WolY, uch olS filling out 
dpplicatlon .1nd handling int 'r-

view~. 
Women ~o oft 'f' IIndrrvalue t"pir 

dchi •. \ ('n , nt Ittle girl ,re 
'rarlltlon IIy tau f.t ro rely he.wily 
on approvdl. whll ' little boy dre 
1'1 oura 'ell in Ih .. ir IIldep!'ntll·nt c 
It\ VPI Y ""!Jeult for a wom'ln to 
g.tln (onfldNIC( If ,he hols dlwdYs 
relieo on dpprnvoll from others and 
th .. n, elt eI (ertam point, doe not get 
it wnc rning some de ision or ac-
tion on her part. Medicine r q uires 
a c rtain indep nd nee and this 

ki nd of independence can be ac-
quired and learned. 

T.T.: In other words, it's not a 
genetic trait. It' acquired through 
practice . 

Ms. Kos ov!-!: (Laughing) Ye . 
T.T.; Wh at a re some of the 

programs you are going to institute 
in order to see that this learning is 
facil itated? 

Ms. Kossove : I hope in the 
program to tell women pre-meds 
that I feel that medicine is a 
marvelous career, that it requires 
("ourage and determination. Also, 
that one must learn to deal with 
fa ilure and disapproval and to learn 
from one's failures . I see doctoring 
as very compatible with a woman's 
role now. You are making decisions 
about what to do w hen someone is 
ill. Women 's particular sensi tiv ity to 
emotional demands and needs are 
especially applica ble to doctor-
patient relationships. 

T.T.: Do you feel that this extra 
sensitivity quality in women i a 
bio logical trait or a culturally in-
stituted role? 

Ms. "Kossovc: Most people agrep 
that heredity and environment in-
teract to produce an individual. I 
th ink that statistically women have 
c rtain qualities regard less of the 
cause, and th(' qualities can b 
very conducive to practicing 
medicine. 

T.T.: You h.w· s~okell of some of 
the adv'lIltJges thelt wompn havf'. 
Whdt dr ' some or the disMlv, ntage~ 
th.1I WfJf11l'n rnu trial with? 

M\. Ko VIVC· t,ornf' women hol\ 
to le.Hl1 t dp[n iate a d enjoy 
in<kpendl'ntl' I mol} be prf'tty 
fllghtl'ning at fllst •• nd th.lt's .1 rli 
.IdvJnt W·. Drt rmin.lIlOn .wel th 
quality I CJII "pluck" arp not always 

('d~y for a woman to cultiv.lt , .Ind 
they ar n C S ary for anyone to 
make it in medical school. 

Wom n ar also aware of th(' 
t r otyp of a woman doctor. Th 

cold, hard-driving woman th y have 
learned to picture is a fallacy. 
Women must learn that they do not 
have to fit this role to be a doctor. 
They can be women in every sense 
of the word and good doctors too. 

T.T. : What are these activities that 
you are planning for pre-med 
women? 

Ms. Kossove: We will hold discus-
Sion groups with women docto rs 
and medical students, some of 
which a r e dealing with the 
husband-fa mily-ca reer situa tion . 
We'll hold application and inter-
view workshops also. It's important 
that all women who are interested 
com to the initial meeting on 
Friday, February 9, as certai n tests 
will be given to determine where 
the women are presently and tests 
will be given at the end of the 

'program to determine any change. 
T.T.: How would you appraise the 

status of women at UCsD School of 
Medicine? 

Ms. Kossove: Well, let me say that 
in general I was very impressed with 
the mer! school from th ve ry 
beginning. The int rviewers were 
very nice . They brought an e1ir of 
warmth and inter st to the inter-
view. It was not a st ress Int rview. 
Among the student there was a 
kind of r laxed ai r that come~ with 
compet nce. This was dir nly con-
trasted With the harrassl'd per-

onal itie~ that I encountered at 
other schools thelt I visited . ow, in 
my third yt'ar of m dical <.chool, I 
(an say that he attltud.· of the 
m('dlcal 't hool IOwdrd worn 'n i . 
(,~lclll'f1t. 

T T. : \\ht'fI' will thl' Initial 
rncPting you (poke of bt' h'leil 

M . Ko"ov"" It will b, h It! 'f11 h~ 
[II t floCli I{'(lure .It the m elit ~I 
chool on FI Iday, Februdry 9, at 6:30 

p.m. We're suggesting tha t the 
women bring a sa k d inner. W are 
f aturin various speakers and 
question-discussion ssion in 
mall groups. 

Pig Tales 

Search & 
Seizure 
Part II 

Cal Mason 

This is the third in a series of articles about the San 
Diego Sheriff's Department and law enforcement in 
general. The intent of these articles is to give the 
student an insight into the law and local law enforce-
ment, with emphasis on how to stay out of ja il and 
what to do if he is " busted". 

There is no way I can adequately cover this com-
plicated mess in a few articles, when there are volumes 
sti ll being written about search and seizu re. However, 
there are a few generalities I can touch upon, that may 
benefit the student. If you rea lly want to understand 

search and seizure, I recommend a few days in the 
library. 

Vehicle searches are special because, the authors of 
our constitution couldn't have conceiv a the invention 
of the automobile. The Fourth Amendment still 
provides for the "right of the people to be secure" and 
the Supreme Court has ruled that vehicles are no 
exception, rather. a special condition . 

Because a vehicle is mobile and can be quickly 
moved, it would be impractical for an officer to secure 
a search warrant. Thus, warrantless searches are legal, if 
conducted pursuant to the following guidelines: 

A. Incidental to lawful arrest - May search things 
under accused's immediate control (not trunk) . If the 
arrest is unlawful, the evidence will be excluded . Also, 
the search must have a "reasonable" relation to the 
offense. A drunk driving arrest allows the officer to 
search under the seat and on the floorboards for a 
bottlebut not in the ashtray. Okay? I have used that 
example to make this poin!.. .. . 

B. Reasonable cause - If the officer sees some 
con traband (open 10 pla in view ' not a search"), wh ile 
stopping and arresting for drunk driving, he then has 
"reasonable cause" to believe evidence of a crime 
exists and may search further . 

C. Valid consent - validity is stressed here, for 
consent must be oral or written, not just inferred or 
impl ied through a nod of the head or shrug of the 
sholders. The court has ruled that there is a difference 
between submission, or assent, and actual consent. 

A defense attorney will advise you not to give 
consent (espeCially if you're in possession of any 
contraband I), but, some attorneys suggest that you 
compromise your principles and avoid the hassle, if 
you have nothing to worry about. 

Refusing consent may tend to incriminate you in the 
eyes of some officers who may react by coming down 
on you a little harder. It would be to your advantage to 
refuse congenial/y. Also, consent may be withdrawn at 
any time and the officer must then stop; and co nsent 
may be limited in scope, allowing the officer to search 
only the trunk, or the glove compartment, etc. 

Included in the above guidelines for warrantless 
searches are "pressing emergencies" (hot pursuit of 
suspected felon, etc.) and search by private persons. A 
" private person" is not an officer; therefore, there is no 
search. It's called something else ... trespassing. 

Remember, these are warrantless searches of a 
vehicle. A warrant is something else that I hope to 
explain next time, along with searches of a residence 
(dwell ing). Also remember , these are general 
guidelines; I can 't possibly touch every ci rcumstance. 
In fact, if I can condense this whole subject as much as I 
have without getting some heat somewhere, I'll 
prob bly be in line for the obel Prize for literature ! 
No chance. 

Sermonette 
Ed Simons 

(Today as our guest 'speaker' in this column we have 
the dubious honor of presenting Reverend Graham 
Cracker. As you all know, the Rev. Cracker was born 
into a family of poor tenant farmers in the backwoods 
of Georgia . Now he is a man of prestij; and wealth, 
read by millions in his own column, Cracker'S Barrel. 
Reverend?) 

Don't push me, boyl Don't push me. ow, you said I 
could talk about anything I wanted to. That still hold, 
boy? 

(Yes.) 
All right ! Now first off, let me lay it on the line before 

I begin. I believe in fiery preach in' ! I believe in a fiery 
h II ! I believe in the fiery wrath of Gawd! Fiery, get 
Me? I even like my water fiery! Speaking of whi h, pass 
me some of that fire water there, son. 

(her .) 
Wh re'd you get this, boy? Out of a red bucket? 

Weak as a Catholic. Well, I'm ready to go. 
(So go.) 
Ladi s ... gentlemen .. . minorities, I have been called i 

man of prestigp, a man of wealth , a man of letters- all of 
which are true. I've also been called many other things, 
but we won't go into that. 

But folks, I come here today not in any worldly 
ca pacity; but as a simple man of Gawd. 

ow, two weeks ago I spoke at the schicklgruber 
Institute for Hebraic Studdies . The subject of my talk 
was 'Jews is Dirty' . They applauded me so loud I 
cou ldn't hear myself talk . Well, I can't expect that kind 
of response from Ya'lI on my topic today. And that is: 
Sex is Dirty. 

That 's right, folks! Sex is Dirty! I 'm not just saying it, 
either. I got here in my hand the Wholly Babble I' ll just 
read you a passage from Judas' Epistles to the Romans. 

"And Gawd said unto Moses, 'And my eleventh 
commandent is Sex is dirty; touch it not often.' " 

The eleventh comma ndment? Yes, folks, there were 
eleven. Most people never heard of it, either. Why? 

I'll tell you why! I'll tell you why! I'll tell you why! 
(Tell us, already!) 

lJecause the Supreme Court of the tribe of Judah 
were Commie-liberals and declared the eleventh com-
mandment unconstitutional! Gawd's own word censori 
priori in the Babble! And just why isn't this in your 
Babble? Because the version you have originated in 
England, a socialist country! 

Now, why is it that a relativelv small part of the 
anatomy can cause so much trouble? Why d id Gawd 
give us these parts when He made us if they ' re dirty? 

Continued on page 11 

t_"'~~""d~""E~""E~"".~"'E~""~~"".~""E~"".~"'.~~ .... E .. ~ ..... ~ .... I~ .... ~ ...... t 

, Indian Jewelry t 
t SALE & SHOW t t 0 •• of lb. !<ugH! ",Uecllo . .... , ,",,0 ... 10 lb. public. a 

Featuring , 

t NAVAJO HOPI ' ZUNI t t SANTA DOMINGO t 
t CARLQS WHITE EAGLE t 
t World famous Indian jeweler t design and create fabulous pieces 01 Indian Jewelry. (Fri. IE Sat. only) 
, Old a n d New S10.oo to S10.ooo.oo. t 
t .. .R:~ :::~~::o .. TUM. t I 10,00 a.m. 10 ',00 p.m. Frl. IUJ 9<)0 p.m. , 
t 7603 GIR~~~F. 454·71 84 I 
t ..... ~ .... ~ ... ~~ d • •• ~""~""~""~"'~"".~"".~~""E~ ., 

Page 3 Friday, February 9, 1973 Triton Time 



• • opinion 

' I THINK THEY WANT AMNISTY!' 

The opinions e:cpressed on these pages ore those of the authon whose names appear in the bylines and do not 
nece"o,r,ly reflec •• he views of .h. TRITON TiMES. Anyone desiring '0 sub mil material to b. published on Ihese poges 
should send it to Ihe Editorial Direc'or, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blak. Hall, UCSD. 

The Demise of 
Third College 
Glenn Miyazaki and Brian B, O'Brien 
Former Members, Board of Directors 

Third College 
Some weeks back, there appeared in the LOS 

ANGELES TIMES an article on the development of 4th 
College which was in essence an obituary for 3rd 
College. Its contents (blaming 3rd's failure on the 
minority community and boasting of the isolation of 
"tro.uble makers") said much about two of the major 
engineers of the college's demise. We have waited to 
write this letter in the hopes that it might come from 
elsewhere. Since little comment was forthcoming and 
the evidence for institutional racism mounts (i.e., Third 
College probationl dismissal statistics) we feel obliged 
to write concerni ng the history of the college. 

Third (or Lumumba-Zapata) College was at best a 
chancy proposition. It was a college founded on the 
assumption that economic and racial inequality 
prevented large numbers of intelligent and capable 
young people from obtaining the education necessary 
to the fulfillment of their potential, and was com mitted 
to bringing as many of these young people as possible 
into the University. 

If this wasn't enough to set off n:.action, the potential 
of these students was seen in terms of service to 
segments of society usually ignored by the University 
except as subjects for sociological research . To facilitate 
this realization of potential and to reinforce motivation 
the students and faculty were to be given a stake in and 
great responsibility for the future direction of the 
college. Students and faculty were to come at least 
partially out of the ivory tower and deal with the real 
organizational, financial, and academic problems in-
volved in building a college and in pioneering con-
tinu ing interaction and service to communities of the 
powerless. 

As one might expect this sort of d irection and self-
determination was inconsistent with the role of the 
Universi t y as a social darwinian thresher coldly 
sepa rati ng the wheat from the chaff to provide a 
ca pable and well disciplined technological elite to 
serve those business interests which run the state and 
the country. Providing a Davis and agricultural exten-
sion for Cal ifornia agribusiness or a NEL (or NBL, 
Livermore, etc., etc.) for the military industrial complex 
was ani, to give these institutions their due. But to have 
even olle small college working in an organized way to 
serve ti, minorities, the poor, the "outsiders" was to 
b too much. That the direction of the college and its 
" differt !nt " student body frightened and disturbed the 
self-de·.ignated elite was evident in the racism, elitism, 
and snc b pry pvpn the most casual observer could find 
at fac Illy cocktail parties, In cUI,ver~' iOI1 with 
secreta oies, and even in bathroom graffiti. 

The original charter for the college was bought 
during a t ime of turmoil with the sweat of students and 
fa culty will ing to confront the University and the 
interests it represents. But with campuses around the 
nation calm and activism on the waner the reaction the 
pulling in of slacken d line, was not long In co~ing . 
Students and faculty ntered excited and enthusiastic 
only to find an administration fronted by a neo-
colonialist provost r ady to b gin the "normalization" 
of Third. It was a slow process at first with small 
breaches of the d mocratization agr ments by the 
administrators; but it quickly escalat d into th d nial 
of even th )(ist nc of such first prinCiples, Minoriti s 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, February 9, 1973 

within the college couldn't claim representation on its 
committees and board; they were to " trust the 
provost." A key teacher's bid for re-appointment in a 
science area crucial for less prepared students was 
undermined by a confidential letter from the provost 
to his rlepartment. Appointments were interfered with 
for political reasons (Provost Watson now boasts he did 
his best to stop a viable appointment in order to pay 
back a faculty member he did not like). Scurrilous 
anonymous personal attacks were launched for which 
all denied any responsibili ty. The conflicts were hushed 
by the common fear of outside enemies waiting to 
destroy the college. 

Finall y the break ca me as people, exhausted and 
disillusioned with the hypocrisy of sham participation 
and the selling of the college to prospective students 
and facu Ity on the basis of non-ex istent democratic 
" uniqueness" were forced to bring the struggle to 
preserve Lumumba-Zapata College into the open . The 
picketing , the hunger strike, the withdrawal of 
Chicanos from all participation are history and public 
knowledge. Not yet public are the sham negotiations, 
the absolute refusal of the provost to share any of his 
power with faculty or students and the chancellor's not 
in the least unexpected total support for this 
authoritarian mode of administration. 

Could any fledgling effort survive the assults 
mounted on Lumumba-Zapata College from within and 
without? Should anyone be allowed to c1aim, as the 
chancellor has, that the failure of Third/s growth is the 
fault of the minority communities? Are they to be 
allowed to carve " There just weren/t enough qualified 
minority students" on the gravestone? We would 
suggest that McElroy, Saltman, and Watson may be the 
temporary victors but as with those other practitioners 
of newspeak inWashington, the y/II find /theydon /t have 
quite enough power to hide the truth 

Is Third College 
"I ntellectu ally" 
Inferior? 

Marsha Lynn Shelton and D.J. Scales 
Recentl y, Third College suffered another birth pain. 

While many students who have never lived in a gh etto 
or barrio look at Third College as a gathering of "fun-
loving" minorities that care about nothing except sex, 
parties, Boonesfarm Strawberry Hill winer and flunking, 
we do have "fights" over academic issues. Third 
College was conceived because blacks, Chicanos, and 
native Americans (Indians) have been processed and 
meshed in the huge machine of racism , ca rved and 
packaged and sent off to Vietnam, drugs, poverty, 
neighborhood factories, ghettos, barrios or the corner 
by the liquor store. Our "education" in the ghetto, 
barrio or reservation (concentration camp) has been 
one to prepare us for a trader for future welfare rol es, 
for unemployment checks, or how to carry a football. 
When a social system is s t up "not" to give you or 
teach you the things you need to know in order to 
function effectively, how in the hell can you ca ll such a 
victim of this system "dumb?" How can you pass 
judgement on the potential of an individual when he 
has never had a chance to exhibit hi potential? From 
the tim blacks set foot off the first slave ship, th first 
Indian was killed, and the first Chicano brutalized, this 
system of rea ting an atmosphere of "in feriority" for 
minorities has persisted and every day it is growing 
stronger. The reason blacks were slaves was because 
they were "inferior." The reasons Ind ians needed to 
be wiped out was becaus they wer " inferior." The 
reasons hicanos hav a high un mploym nt rat is 

Keep Dr. Linck 
On the Faculty! 
Editor: 

blindly shortsighted step. 

Opportunities 
A va ilable For 

Once again, an almost 
unbeli evably irrational 
decision by a UCSD 
academic department has 
defied the combined will 
of the taxpayers of Califor-
nia, of the governor, and of 
the students . For these 
three groups are in unusual 
agreement upon the need 
for excellent teachers in 
the UC, a need of such 
obvious and basic impor-
tance to California that no 
logical group would 
debate it. Yet the 
Chemistry Department, in 
its denial of tenure to Dr. 
Linck, has taken just such a 

The reasons for the move 
which have so far been 
advanced consist of some 
vague , nebulous com-
plaints about Dr. Linck's 
research; and even these 
are not directed at th e 
qual ity of his work (highly 
respected professiona l 
journals have carried ar-
ticles by him). The com-
plaints, rather, deal with 
the " relevance" of his par-
ticular field . Admittedly, it 
is a field not likely to land 
many fat grants, and we all 
know that the primary pur-
pose of the University of 
California, as stated in its 
original charter, no doubt, 
is to draw lucrative federal 
subsidies; those radicals 
who believe that it may 

also help California to 
euucilte a gcnl'rJtion of 
future chemists mu I ap-
pM('ntly be purged. I 
mean, kc<'ping Dr, Linck 
on Iht, f~culty coulo be the 
b('ginning of a dangPlous 
trend towdfd~ well-
organileu, thoroughly 
prep ,rpd, and (omplell'ly 

interl'~tlng leLtur('s wilich 

('dLlcated gt'neration of 
(hemiSh will give to \ociety 
20 or 30 yf'ars from now, 
and is thus more valuahle 
than my r('search <;hort of, 
SJy/ an exact solution of thl' 
Schrodingc>r equal ion for 
uranium. 

tribulor<; h s moved on to 
othpr interc'~ls, yet I still 
h.lYp $200 in the nank (il 
()ri~inally carne from Muir Undergraduate Collegl', YPar~ ago, when it 

, w .l> dondtpcl for anothrr 

OIW or more' II~UP< 01 a 
nf'W lilPr.lrY rn.tgdnrH, if 
ilIlYOn!- hd<; the prwrg, .II1d 
in'aginalion 10 put onp 
tOf.Wlher. Und 'rgrdrJUall' 
\\ ho have an Id. d for ~Ul I 

d Illd ',IZIfI£' ~htlllid ,pe me 
III Inv "ffl[(', 10 4085, il'l 
WpdlH' jdY III Fl'fHl,ar 
betwl' -n 2-4 PM 

Donald We~11I1 
D~p<Hlment of Liter JIUft' Writers mdfw,np caliI'd MCS02)-

1ore.LETTERS TO 'I HE 
I rt'ali.-:e Ih~t wh"t ha, 

fwen said ahove is not 
polite or diplomati(, but I 
<;tronglv douht th~t therp is 
<Ill} CilJnCf th.u polite' 
d,plomJcy will h"lp Dr 

Editor: th"le i\ ITlOllpy to prorlilr! 

Julcl spread like J rallcer 
throughout Inp whole un-
Vl Ily. More ~. "ou,I)', 
r III I, my major com-

plllnt abollt the de iSlon IS 
follow' tht. Chem; tlV 

) .),Htm nt s mo~e uot" 
'lot • PP' riatl' that Dr. 
mrk s I('.l(hing hv tur-
1'1 people on to 

(h l11"try, more than pays 
f,H itself through the 
h .. nefil~ th~t .1 well-

t in(~ I. ep h" position It IS 
imp. rative thai ,III >'011 wro 
have been In Dr Lind' 
(la ws . ntl If'tt('r~ to tlH' 
Chemi try Dep<lltrnenl, to 
tht" Triton 1 ime~, hell, ven 
10 thp go\,('rnor, In a 
fo((>(ul .1nU united efforl 
to keep good teachPrs in 
the Uc. Dab DeLeon.udis 

Lmh rgrddudtc writer> 
rna} Ilkp to know of thp. 
following fJpportlJnlfi('s. 

1.) S'lb,t,lnll~1 c.l,h prlle 
(ovl'r _100 (or firsl prllE' 
Jr 'i ven to winners of thf 
Ina Co()lhrllh Poptrv 
(ompetlll n open 10 all 
Iln rtergracllldtP <It th£' 
lil'lversity of Ca"lol n", 
rhl' f \. bE'5t entries from 
UC'iD will ue ~pnt to 
B£'rk ley for thl' 
University-wide Judging. 
YOll may enter a\ many as 
five po 1m. Submit your 

because they are lazy, love to live in barrios, and are ,....~------------------------~ typed manuscript by ' the 
"inferior." The reason Third College is not a college as end of Fenruary ith r to 
compared to Muir or Revelle is because Third is me (Muir College) or to 
composed of " different" students who come from Pro f (' S SOt 0 i j k s t r a 
inferior backgrounds; therefore Third College is an (Rpvellp). 
"inferior" school. Such thoughts have plagued peoples 2) I a~t year a number of 
of color for centuries, and there is no reason to believe undE'rgraduales publishpd 
that these ignorant thoughts don/t plague the Universi- The L.l\t Rev;pw, a journal 
ty of California, San Diego, and perhaps most of the of pONrv, shon fiction, and 
United States. . Criticism. The Original 

Not only da!s this feeling of m inorities being intellec- group of edito rs and con-
tually "inferior" persist outside of Third, but such a 
philosophy has permeated the minds of a few minority 
Third College professors. This philosophy of theirs has 
clashed with our belief that any man can learn, despite 

. the extent to which he is d iscriminated against. Most 
students at Third are interested in the sciences, but 
haven/t had the opportunity to study as much as they 
may have wanted to. So many of us have the ability, but 
don/t have the background. Th is quarter we are in the 
process of discovering the world of chemistry. Some of 
us have never had high school chemistry, some a Iittle, 
and some a lot. But all of us have the common trait of 
wanting to learn chemistry. We learn in sections, 
sections desig ned to teach us according to our 
backgrouQds. But as recently as last Friday, a test was 
given to all students of chemistry. A test that was 
difficult for students with a good background, not to 
mention almost impossible for students with no 
background . While the test was given, "our" • 
professors, TA's, and tutors looked over our shoulders, 
moved our books, moved people around, and con-
sta ntly harassed us in the name of " preventing those 
people from cheating" because we are grand masters 
at it I Even before such harassment, these teachers 
never took the time to see if all of us could use a slide 
rule, because for most of us nobody else ever took the 
time. Most of us have an empty feeling, not so much 
that we think we failed the test, but because our 
" friends" / "teachers", " helpers" or whatever name 
they may go by, failed us. Our professors come mainly 
from the ranks of the oppressed, the people of color. 
Yet a Chicano professor of chemistry was deaf to our 
pleas that such a test be discounted because of a great 
number of fails . It makes more sense for sections to 
give tests, and this he agreed tOr but turned his back to 
our please for what Third College stands for : an 
opportunity for people of color to succeeed, not a 
situation where we should fail. Apparently our "friend" 
and Chicano symbol of achievement has acquired the 
sick ph ilosophy of the "intellectua l inferiority" of 
minority students, and is employing it against us, As of 
the moment, d boycott of hi chemistry lecture is in 
progress, until the authority of this "co-opted" 
professor has been curtailed. We at Third College 
know what other students and people of the United 
States may want to believe, but we are men and women 
with the ability to reason and think, and we shall 
believe this and know this unti l our last breath. 

Editor's Comment: 
Sam comment mu st be made concerning the two 

letters appearing on this page from Professor Brian 
O/Brien and Third College students Glenn Miyazaki, 
Marcia Lynn Sh lton, and D.J. Scales regarding Third 
College/s question of "intellectual inferiority" and 
"failure." There is no reason to dispute the contention 
that th minority students of Third College are han-
dicapped with a deficient background, especially in the 
sciences, burdened with a language barrier, and bound 
by th difference in their individual cultures' attitudes 
toward ducation, opportunity, and advancement (or 
lack of same). These are not only their own assertions, 
bUI those commonly accepted by the " Anglo" 
academic and non-academic communiti s. B that a it 
may, these reference fram s of social and intellectual 
d velopment exist as the parameters for experiment 
like Third College. But once these complicated issues 
are immt:!rsed in the cauldron of academe, the resolu -
tion of these problems cannot be accomplished 
without an acul awareness of the natur of the 
univ rsity nvironm nt. • 

It " in tfm (()ntext thaI Ihe attitude of your 
Jlufl'<~ors, T A's, and tIItor at Third College must be 
"tc.rplett'd. Thpy Me (ogl1l.,ant of those qualitative 
and qUdntitJllve (rllpria 01 ,ufficiency. It is difficul to 
b liew th.lt tlH' students ot Third College do not 
r 'cognlz • the ('motional ,Hid intellectual commitment 
o tiles' PI'ople in the inevitable rpadjustment in 
dltltud(, towards studCllh with inadequate 
bd kgrounrb. Th' real prohlem, though, lie~ at either 
tr uitical r lu al or the n~billty of pver} profe sor, 
'lI.dent, ,nd adminl trdtor to recognizr' the Im-
r I dtIO'1~ of Ju~t such an In d 'quaC)i, 

Tht b no 'l1",H1\ unpli an apprctidble or deter-
1I11,tI)1 • d Iter ncp III t'1t' Int,.,lIe~tual nature of Third 
" g(' tU ents. The cruc lal istinctlon is th ' injustice 
n to hoth the <;tud n S I'd the acuity. Thc\ arp 
rr 'd to op.'ratt' L1pon the prerni (' that, rl'CO 'nlzlng 

h' 1ft I" Ihe ('dtJf ationa' ('''elopment of mmority 
wi(''1 t , not 01'1 ' that d Ir t can be corrected,' but, 
I h,n the am. perrori r. t dS oth.~r tudent / the,!, 

inlnont\ tudent can be pr 'pared 10 succe sfully 
ompt , In th' Anglo int«" ctu.11 and profe~sional 
OInm"rlIlV 

Barbara Randall 
Assistant Edilonal Director 

supported by 
M ark i g I 

Editor i I Dir ctor 

t if» t· 1«: 
Edltor-in-Chief ." _ •• 
City Editor .• __ " •• C r' RI" 

Man~ging Editor ., [) v d B J('11 rd r 
Copy [ditor , •. 0 bbl "vIontgom 

Du~m(' ) Manag r ,. M c h pi ree ( 
Editorial Dirt (tor •• ,., MMk iegl 
Arts Editor ., ••• ,.,' T Gm Llrldlw g 
Sporh Editor , • , • , •• , "viI 'ldel Ra 
Photography Editor .•..• JO(' [a lerr 
Secretary ., .. ,',., .Corinne Caco\ IJoul; Be"., '1 
A sislant City Editor ..• Kalhy Kue 71 Art< ()l'parlml'nl (;1(,'1 (, nrl 
As odate City Editors .' Richard Drom ChJrl(' Hrd,· 

MichaelS"'sma Grr'l'( Lf'ondrd 
. l' h I li,lIll Ste,rr ,1'1 Asst, Busmes< Mgr, .. ,. I( af' Wypr Char.(,1 LI,~' Ie 

Asst. Editorial Dir .•. Barbara Randall f! .trdon Ward, 
Asst. Sporls Editor , .. '" Mark Liska Kri line tv. c twl 
Thp TRITON TIMES i> officially rewgni7ed ~s a studl'nt nl'''' papN hy the Communication 
Board of th(' Uni"er~ily of California, San Diego, Buildmg 250, Matthey., Campus, La lolld, 
California 92037. Public<1tion is twice weekly on Tue day, and frid<lY .Oltiu' al(' lorated m 
Room 117, otaki' Hall, Re~elle Campus. For adverthing phone" ~53-8722, or 4'i)-200()," 1017, 
lor editorial or new! phont.' 101t>. 

Page 5 Frida f February 9, 1973 Triton Tim s 



Summer Theater 
. Coeur d'Alene (Idaho) Summer Theatre is now 

accepting applications and resumes from singers, ac-
tors, dancers, musicians and technicians, Robert E. 
Moe, the general manager of the troupe, announced 
recently. 

"There are positions in every area of production to 
be filled for the 1973 season," Moe said. 

Anyone interested should send an application or 
letter of inquiry to the general manager at 26866 Calle 
Maria, Capistrano Beach, CA 92624. Moe, by return 
mail, will send specifics concerning the musical reper-
tory theat re that operates in Coeur d'Alene, a resort 
city in Northn Idaho, from mid-June through Labor 
Day. 

"Four musicals - 'My Fair lady', ' Promises; 
Promisesl', 'How to Succeed in Business Without Really 
Trying', and ' I Do, I Do!' - are tentatively scheduled 
for production this season," Moe said. 

Twenty-four full-time company members who per-
form in at least three of the four shows, as well as do 
technical work and other related theatre activity, 
receive room and board and small salaries for their 
services. Associates and apprentices, who mayor may 
not receive room and board, but no salary, are also 
signed. 

Says Moe : "Th is is the ninth year for repertory 
musical summer theatre in Coeur d'Alene. Each year 
the operation is more and more successful. Last year 
the Carrousel Players entertained more than 9,000 
theatre-goers in the 200-seat, air-conditioned theatre." 

Graphic 
Exhibit 

~----------l -------------------~---------------------------------------------------------------------
Amplification, Alpha Waves and Computers 

Roger Reynold s 

On Saturday evening, February 10, the Project for Music Experiment of the 
Department of Music will present the first of two special concerts for the 1972-73 
year. Featuring PME guest pianist/composer, Yuji Takahashi, the concert will 
concentrate on musical innovation during the past decade. It will present the 
extraordinary, virtually inhuman, performance demands of lannis Xenakis's 
EONTA (1963) for solo piano and brass quintet; the exploration of amplified alpha 
waves in Alvin lucier's MUSIC FOR SOLO PERFORMER (1965); the world of 
complex noise string sounds in Michael von Biel's STRING QUARTET NO. 2 
(1963); the not ion of "process pieces" where the performance group is guided by 
carefully prescibed processes rather than by the usual prescription of events, in 
Robert Ashely's quiet in memoriam ... Esteban Gomez (quartet) (1964); and finally 
the area of electronic instruments and computer control in Takahashi's BRIDGES I 
(1%8). 

In the last work, Takahashi will play both an electric keyboard and an Alpha 
numeric Video Display Terminal. The first instrument controls pitches and 
rhythms, as one might expect, but the timbre and dynamic levels of the resultant 
amplified sound will be programmed through PME Fellow Edwin Kobrin 's 
" Hybrid II" computer control system. The "Hybrid II" system will aslo allow the 
sounds produced from the keyboard to be routed at controlled speeds to any 
selection of 16 speakers in the performance space. 

The works on the Saturday evening program are all particularly demanding of 
the players since they do not depend only on traditional musicianly skills . Each 
work presents not only performance, but philosophical problems as well. Many 
involve technological considerations such as amplification, the application of 
scalp electrodes, filters, computer software & hardware, tape, and so on. The 
Project for Music Experiment allows the preparation time and has the resources 
necessary to give attention to such special demands in musical experiment. 

Yuji Takahashi was born in Tokyo in 1938 and studied at the Toho Conservatory 
and with Xenakis in Europe. EONTA, witj its horrendously difficult piano part, was 
written for Takashi and has been played almost exclUSively by him. The 
composer/ pianist has visited UCSD several times in recent years as a Regents' 
Lecturer and is presently in residence in the PME for work in computer music and 
performance. 

Dagm ar 8 0,( & Robert Hays 
Who Are You? 

An innocent scheme to 
encourage the romantic 
girl friend backfires on a 
young wife in " Say Who 
You Are ", opening 
February 13 on stage at the 
Old Golbe Theater in 
Balboa Park: The English 
comedy features Dagmar 
Box , Jenifer Henn, Robert 
Ha ys, and Anthony Drake . 
Set in contemporary Lon-
don, the four-character 
play was written by Keith 
Waterhouse and Willis 
Hall . Charles l. Vernon, 
who staged z"feiffer's 
People" last spring for the 
Carter Center Stage, will 
direct. The complex unit 
setting for "Say Who You 
Are" is designed by Peggy 
Kellner . Steven T. Howell is 
lighting designer. Students 
through college ' may 
pu rchase tickets for $2, 
available for all perfor ~ 
mances except Saturday 
evening. 

Jazz 
Tonight 

Note 0'0 Garage Sales 
Martha Rosier's Garage Sale, 

the UCSD Art Gallery, rer)re!;enl 
the possibility of negation. 
not left the confines of 
society: you are merely in 
This one happens to be simula 
to be a work of art. Which 
would anyone go to the trouble 
garage sale, in its full and 
meaningless stuff, stuff which 
significance to its individual 
Last Tape, records spin in cor 
incoherent perhaps meaningless 
I isteners, the best aspect of the 
assembled here represents littltiii. 
usual garage sale? Is this an art 
itself? 

Sandy Dijkslra 

Rather, "Garage Sale" end of a 
certain art form which initiated 
with his presentation of such . porcelain 
urinal (entitled "Fountain" Mutt), to 

However, there is a point at which the tradition 
that Duchamp began reaches a dead end, when a 
Campbell soup can blown up big is actually no more 
than a Campbell soup can and returns to its original 
function , as decoration, for purposes of making 
attractive and finally, again, selling the object. Thus, 
the rpoliferation of Campbell-soup-ca n-
wastepaper-baskets indicates the final co-optation 
of Duchamp's original idea : what was originally 
used to break the consumer-consumed cycle, to 
renew vision, to break perceptual habits, is once 
aga in integrated into the consumption process. 

the Society of Independent Duchamp 
had helped to found, for their Shl_ •• aw York in 
1917, to test the reality of the aimed 
policy of free entry. The h,.",;. ... 
dignantly refused to show 
objecting to it on moral grou 
argued the case in a little 
Blind Man" : "Whether Mr. 
made the fountain or not has 
CHOSE it. He took an ordinary 
it so that its useful significance 
new title and point of view -
thought for that object." 

Duchamp's presentation was 
ment. By wrenching an ordina 
context and placing it arh;tr~.1"L 
unfamiliar one, by taking it out 
Duchamp demanded that the 
object in a new way : as the 
society, for Duchamp said that 
art America has given us are he 
bridges." 

Moreover, he rejected the ord i 
an exchange between well-m'ea'lQ!. 
pie. In "choosing" the " Fountail 
No and refused to abide by n 
pacts of traditional Western 
originally made by the class , 
benefits of these agreements. 
perpetuation of their privileged 
notion of separation : art and 
as the "cultured lady" is from 
her toi lets. Duchamp made 
viewers confront a tabooed 
culture. And when they ca 
objects, "readymades" as he ca 
not for sale and he made only 
they had neither any use 
value. In effect, this act attacked 
its most vulnerable points . (0 
mass produce these readymades 
cashing in on this invention bu t 
them art .) 

If Martha Rosier' s "Garage Sale" is indeed a part 
of this tradition, why does it no longer work? 
Obviously, it is not new in methodological terms. 

But, more important, is the factor of history itself. 
For objects no longer have the same status they had 
in the earlier part of the 20th century. In ordinary 
middle class homes it is not unusual to see all sorts of 
transformations of objects from their original use 
value: bottles as lamp bottoms, spinning wheels as 
planters, etc. Indeed a real garage sale (and this was 
one), is a conglomeration of useless objects, useless 
because amassed together, records stacked inside 
refrigerators; if the World Fairs of the nineteenth 
century, those "earthly paradises" of agglomera tion, 
offer us insight into the consciousness of a people 
that could amass all kinds of exotic and 
domesticated stuff, separated from any use or 
logical order, existing only on the level of pu re 
matter, then perhaps, the garage sales are the 
twentieth century's earthly hells. 

Whereas those World Fairs have been called the 
"apotheoses of progress" we would have to 
proclaim the garage sale as the apotheses of Ob-
solescence. For nowadays these things are co n-
sidered useless because they are old; we have been 
taught to treasure only the shiny, unused virgin 
objects. Thus, the need for garage sales. They are the 
wastebaskets of our culture: no longer is the World 
Faira useful index of the psyche of our time. Our 
society is better characterized by its rejects, in each 
individual garage, and the World Fair that collective 
manifestation enshrining merchandise on a 
pedestal, no longer represents us . 

ace Folkta]es-
Kris~ine Michel 

manner so that it seems gravity does not exist . The 
bricks are pressed together with tremendous force 
in order to suspend them over the floor or form a 
circular shape held together with a tightly drawn 
steel cable. 

Jerry Garner, in contrast, has imitated his 
extra probable instructor, Michael Todd, wi th hi s 

welded pieces, Metal sheets and other odd shapes 
of steel have been composed into a form that 
stands on the floor and attempts to simu late reality. 
One of h is sculptures reminds me of an 
assemblage of road signs attached to vertical poles 
and mad so as to confuse a would-be automobile 
driver. Neverth less, his pieces have a certain 
amount o f composition and form. 

Kenneth Capps has put together three unusual 
and angular forms which seem to recall some 
everyday objects. The most interesting form is 
shaped into a composition of thr eX's and the 
viewer can walk under the piece if he wishes. Mr. 
Capps seems too rigid or, at the least, interested in 
hard-edge scu lpture at thi s time, since all of his 
pieces join together in very angular shapes. 

The remaining four sculptors have created some 
variations on the same theme. Michael Kelly with 
his three-dimensional wire boxes seems to be the 
most versatile of these four. 

Overall, the show seems to lack a certain amount 
of excitement. This most likely is due to the 
number of sculptures and their varied styles con-
tained Inside of inadequate space. It will be in-
teresting to view anyone of these young artist's 
pieces after they have worked for a few more 
years. For the present time, however, a trip to the 
UCSD Art Ga"ery any day between noon and five 
will suffice. The exhibit will last through Fel.ruary 
15. ' , 

Somehow, Rosier's "Garage Sale", although it 
provoked this long excursion, fails . It is nothing 
more than the thing it is and although the intention 
may have been to represent life in Southern Califor-
nia , or America, any critical dimension seems to be 
blunted by an overwhelming sense of suffoca tion in 
what is. It was a real garage sa le; one could buy 
items if one wished. There is no longer a gap 
between art and social order. Art has become social 
order. 

If, as Herbert Marcuse says, art should somehow 
"seize things and free them from their bondage in 
an ugly and destructive reality", if the aesthetic 
dimension ought to offer a potential for a newer and 
better reality, then art objects such as " Garage Sale" 
must be rejected. For as a punctual Gertrude Stein 
might have said: they are no more than what they 

·are , they are, they are, they are they are are they. In 
art such as this, the medium has absorbed the 
message, and the society has absorbed the medium . 
If we are to "break the spell of the things that are", 
as Marcuse says in his One-Dimensional Man, then 
we must produce an art which will " name the things 
that are absent." That which is natural "must assume 
the features of the extraordinary." Or else, we 

. haven't got art, we have a garage sale. 

Studio Wind 
Charles Hyde 

Performances of chamber music are rare, but perfor-
mances by permanent wind ensembles are even rarer. 
This most surely arises from the much smaller reper-
toire and more varied instrumentation than string 
groups. While a string quartet or trio can play for years 
from the broad selection of pieces, a woodwind 
quintet would soon run out of things to play. Maybe 
this is an advantage, for when a group such as the los 
Angeles Wind Quintet performs, one is assured of 
receiving a program certainly more varied in in-
strumentation than when the Juilliard String Quartet 
comes to perform next month . 

The los Angeles Wind Quintet is composed of some 
of Los Angeles's finest studio (MGM, CBS, Paramount, 
Fox, etc.) musicians. They performed a fine and varied 
concert spanning from Mozart (1784) to Friedhoffer 
(1972) . The woodwind quintet of flute, oboe, clarinet, 
horn, and bassoon was joined by piano. 

The concert opened with the Roussel (1869-1937) 
Sextet. This was followed by the Hugo Friedhoffer 
Graffiti for woodwind quintet. Like most graffiti, it 
consisted of short unrelated sections. Unfortuantely, 
like most graffiti, 100, it was momentarily amusing, but 
of little lasting value. 

Mozart 's quintet for oboe, clarinet, horn , bassoon, 
and piano is one of the masterpieces for woodwinds. 
Mozart, no matter how he might sound to the listener, 
is one of the most difficult composers to succe sfully 
perform. While the performers were certainly capable 
instrumentalist, the structural brilliance and sharp 
sense of the classic style required a better en emble 
than these players could assemble . The result was a 
somewhat " plastic" performance. 

After intermission, flutist Louise Di Tullio played the 
Hindemith (1895-1963) flute sonata 1936. This sonata Is a 
virtuoso piece that has much to offer from every 
viewpoint. 1 his reviewer still feels Hindemith to be an 
underrated composer; time should establish him as 
being a true great. The performance was excellent, 
combining virtuosity with fine musicianship. 

The concert ended with the Ludwig Thuille (1861 -
19(7) Sextet. It was the first time that this listener had 
heard (or heard of) Thuille. The spirited performance 
did much to show this undeservingly forgotten piece to 
be among the best written for winds. Especially im-
pressive was the brilliant instrumentation within the 
ensemble. 

SLAUGHTERH'OUSE 
-'FIVE 
-tnIND I97l (AIMS 
Fl..M RSTNAL 

.., PlIU AllWtD 

KURT VONNEGUT,Jr 
7:00& 11 :00 

FEB. 5-11 

LA PALOMA 
,l(lf,CCOI'l'H¥'" arosy [NC..M,'AS 75l. '9SS 

& "Something lor Everyone" 
the baSIC black comedy 

9:00 

NEW SHIPMENT OF 
MACRAME MATERIAL 

HAS ARRIVED! 
VALENTINES, TOO -

UNIVERSITY 

Now Playing 

Kid Galahad 
(1936) 

Humphrey Bogart Bette Davis 
Edward G. Robinson 

---plus---

Years in Sing Sing 
with 

Spencer Tracy Bette Davis 

Sunday Matinee / Student Discount 

Box Office opens at 5:30 

Bananas 
(Woody Allen ) 
Night in Ca ablanca 
(Marx Bra .) 

Friday 
Films 

EI 
Chacal 

(The Rine ) 

II B 2722 
7:30 & 10:00 

Memorie of 
Underdevelopment 

50~ 
Tickets: 

Saturday 
Films 

7:00 p.m. U B 1122 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 12-4 Tue .·Fri. 
And At The Door 

Page 7 friday, february 9,1973 Triton Times 



The ugby.J ournal 

Tennis Club 
eady to Play 

For all the tf'nn is fr f'ak, 
on campus there will b dn 
organizat ional rTI ('C'!ing of 
the new tennis club. This 
mf'eting wi ll take p lilce 
M o ndav, r eb. 12, at 5 p.m. 
in rhl P[ classroom. This 
ypar the dub dol' n't IVan! 
to liml It~elf to t~ t! ~imple 
everyday rOllnd-robin 
tOUrlldlllent of ve,rer,' 'M. 
All kind; of po Sl iliti ('x-
ist· pi niLS, chdllt·nge pld~ 
wilh 0 hel group~, tour 

n a rnl'nt ~, etc . The o nl y 
problem is th ,]! it takes 
pc p ie to plan what they 
want till' cluh to bt', so if 

in t Prf'~teri pl pa~f' plan to 
attend, 

Mf'anwhile, alit of 
I spe( t for th(> p. st, tl p 
dub' first r und-robln 
pldy 1< \fhrduled for L1n-
day, Fph. 18 fl nIT' 9 to 12 on 
MUir Court', this IOli r n -
ment i for .llllevl'l of pla\ 

San iego Open, 
Golf at it' s Best 

°tons hoot OMBAC Virtually on the north end of the UCSD campus, the $190,000, nationally-telpviscd Andy Williams San Diego OPen Golf Tournament will be held for the sixth time 
at Torrey Pines Golf Course o n February 13-18. 

Last aturdav in the cold and rain UCSD played two of 
the lines! gdme~ of RugbY'[n this school's history. The 
hlghly.rcsppcted and formidable Old Mission Beach 
Athie ic Club GULLler~ can'" to UCSD's home field, 

JV ng h~rded the T, itons their only defeat In la~t 
• T' al 0 t P rf ct 0 1 e,lson rf,e lone 105s cam In 

th fin~15 of the pretlgjoll~ lie S3nra Barhara Rugbv 

Wit 

'3 la t~eTnonla 
r th£' re' u 

d'l P''II n • ('n 
hut l'ley were 10 be 

Pl't r'''' d'1d J f y 
scrulT' omen hy Ih£' 

digh , dnd p gn .. clou' 
MOAC ~cor·d firSI on a 

pl'n ! klC'~ Thf' I C D bar det "mined to get the 
t('dB mflVlflg Run by Bill Mpl) er AI Hunler dnd Dav" 

Grpa~y' Schwinn 'How'S that Dave?) put the Trilons 25 
yard, f rom th ~Odl. Davp Beard broke away from and 
in tellectual looking GIJ7TIN and ramblt"o In for Ihp Iry 
Jelf Wu\tman tm·d to bf' the h£'ro, but he m lssf'd a very 
difficult ('xtr<1.point kICk. Minutps latpr Jeffy did gain 
th congral> of hiS ff'l low ruggers, wh n h amblf'd 10 
yards f or UCSD's 5Pcond try A harrassed OMBACer 

Page 6 Triton Tim 's Friday, Febr'u'a~y 9, 1973 

had punted the ball right inlO the surprised and 
awaiting drrn, of Jeff, who acted quickly and scored 
before most of the team knew whal happened. Sertic 

ed~ily conVl'lted making the score 10-3. Af ter a short 
half-time, OMBAC ~cor('d again bringing the gamf' to a 
10-9 diff-h,HlW'" Fr.-.sh in at thf' half, Dick Grf'gory, 
Terry PortN and F. B. Gyro gave the Tritons the offen-

'tr 'nst! th,l\ k pI h(> Gunl ~ from hccom n' I 
0" thrh L fin.)1 Scor' 109' LieD Double victor '. 

Ea y tart 
e so 

. Cheryl Elliot 

\ oml n, Inl"r 
t t r nl~ tedl11 got 

.nNri, t tthl yl'ilr 
n In ractic!' tt e 

• I \ e k of (,hool 
t e ,pr • .-tice (lid not 

g t undt-rwa, lInnl til . t''1d 
I W ntN Ql" rtf'r. 
Chr V1dtt 0'1 returned 

a her <('cond sea~on a, 
dlf' ('odch 0 the team She 
I( It th I dr eM iN stJrt 
'nIght ~nab e the team to 
hoost its ranking of ~econd 
pll( la,t yea If' the NAIA 
t pn ~ibl 1 ~I plan' thi~ 
> 'M Chm wllo last year 

h 'Tlpered ,I] hl'r 
hi , b, I, N ' in lIry 
p nb r of 

( pIns 

d'1d .d jull I-<Igl. chool 
1 In I]ighllght~ ot th(· 

~erlson IIlciud,' th(' 
c.lu 1\ e OJal tourndment 
nnd an All-Cal in RI ersidr: 
Th' t 'am i\ In th(· AlA 
along with the local junior 

olleges and Co1lifornia 
"tatf' UnlvPrslty al San 
Diego. A tnurnamen b 
h('ld al hI' end of the 
,pa~01 to help determinf' 
thf' winner of thp ICdgue 

The team practicf's 
Wednpsday\ and Thur days 
from 3-5 p.m. on I ollrts 1 
6, awl on Salurd~ys from 
10-2 pm. on he M ·!thew> 
(our',. "J<) plac s Oil th .. 
1f'.Hn hilv bl'l'n de (" 
mined so If you ar In-
tf'r('\I(,(j at all do not 
hes ! Ite to COlTlf out. 
FVNV 'won the tCdm pl,Jys 
v"ith Ipn peoplC' ir pvC'ry 
lTl.!tLh dnd evervonE' 

rot~lIng 

Tile I r~ICo:tt\ 
~ " lIHlM~~ IE~tMAN S ~ PERSONA 
~ ., 
~ ,.or, • 
~ JU~lhO'~' ~ RULES OF THE GAME 
~ . , 

~, 
ti4 ~ 1---~ JAZZ COrlCEAT 
i£ 

Starling with the Celebrity Pro-Am on Tuesday, 
February 13, at both North Torrey Pines and La Costa 
Country Club course, the tourney wi ll utilize both 
Torrey Pinf's cour,f'S on february 14. The Open on the 
fin,,1 fnur days will be played on the South Torrf'V Pines 
layout. 

P,wl HoHvey wdl defe ld h > 1972 tllie in the en 
a dlllst d field CXP( ctea to mrlude Lee T.evlno, Geol ( 
Archer, l,rier jone>, Torn Wt'l,kupf ctltd most 01 th, top 
bO mom'} winners fror'i Idst \car. 

(.el brlty Pre-Am ('ntltl'S will incl'Hle B, b Hope 
f)(,dn II.LlrlIfl, B wk Owpm, Bobby Goldsboro G l' 
C ampb II J~m Garn, flu.i.jy HJrkE'tt, Willi 1 
Pallcho LonzJI ,'nd Andy WI'I rrt 

G o 
UNDERSTAND PLAYS. NOVELS AND POEMS 

FASTEr WITH OUR NOTES 
Wf'ro nf!W and we're tile biqge I! Tho .and r lP 
revleu'ld lor qUicker urderstandlnq Our sul;eets I c udr no' 
only ETlg1l5h, but Anthropology. 1\11. Black &t d • 

con f']:C.S, Education, H'<IIJry, La.. M) P II hy 
PI) ··c~ Sci~n " SOC,Ology and Ulnar p'obl( r'1r d ~ Irr 
v ur catalog of tOP'CS available 

REGAL NOTES 
3160' 0" Imet. N.w 

Washington, D.C. 20007 
TelephonQ 202333 0201 

'>AN DIEGO ENT Y DEAD INE 
ISSATU DAY! 
YOUR FILM IS IMPORTANT 
[f~~lrO,\:§~[s TEL[PWlt~E 2gr -ljS22 

SAN DIEGO IS 
ADDICTED TO ••• 
THt:. 1936 "CLA SIC" 

RESPONSIBLE FOR 
MARIJU ANA LAWS TODA 

fANTASTIC COMEDY. 

AD EEK! 

n hegln 
rl'1l; t ( holHia} ~ -------------------------I . 

'./ I' '11(j of r ~ HU,Ir\ 17 
tholJ h Ihl 19 1" wh('n 
tW{J 0 IhE' Tfilon girls, 
Mdrgdrf't [j I, and Cheryl 
EIIIQI will JOUI ney dlon~ 
with Chi i to Arilona fOl 
<III IIlll' (Oll!'gldlp tourna-
nll'nl 

Th· dcl uell \f'a\on do s 
not beg in until March, but 
prac tl c' m al c h s hav 
heen SC't up prior to tha t 
With U IU, Bishop's chool 

~I ENJ OY A KJlYlIK i: CAMPING TRI P 
~I 

~I 
the l JoNf'f 

~: ~I ~ Urglrn nq I oJ''"''f I ! Btl Brl llim i FIt MCAl'n I ~ ~Ot.i' Cn~ nl'\e, ~l~~~pr,orM- Sou'ld ,. ~ ano NcOI .. AO"Q' WAL /.ABOUT jl; I 
i456 1~aJoUatilvd.459.4.34J I 

• snH I ¥ hU111 on ~u .,,,.y 
• CO NVENIENT F,,,, .. , .lIlh, w.y 
• fCONOM ICAl Fo, bud ,1 m,oded lam,Ii' 
• ADVfNTU ROUS hpl.,. P""""" " .. 

KA¥Ak RrNTAl S1500A¥ 
Fo, a,othU" Wn" 01 C II 

kAYAK RIVER CRUISES by l£ISURf f RAfl 
119 I Fu.1 SI Yum. Anlo.1853 4- t6011 783 6633 

---------------

Tritons Triumph 
At Tourney 

Mark Young 

So what can you say? The UCSD fencing squad has 
just won its own fourth annual UCSD Invita tional 
Fencing Tournament, and is slowly approaching im -
morta lity. After all, a school of th is size is not used to 
such a monumental winner of th e caliber th at the 
fen ci ng team has displayed over the last four years. In 
any case, Coach Jim White's congregation of fl yi ng, 
flailing white wonder men (and women) won this large 
tou rnament in nothing less than a total dominating 
manner. They did th is by placing first in team Epee, Foil 
and Saber over thirteen teams and 220 entrants. 

Last weekend's action started off Friday afternoon 
with the Epee competition. The competition began fa st 
and furiously, and finished the same way. The team 
standings saw UCSD in first, followed by Fullerton, San 
Diego State, and Stanford . Individual honors were 
taken by might M ike (the Red) Jones - first place, 
Howard Eno second, UCLA's Mark Olson, third and 
Steve Murk fourth (an up-and-coming star of the 
futu re). 

The Saturday morning sunrise brought the women 's 
Foil participants out of bed and into the gym. The 
Fullerton team got first, Arizona State second, and 
UCSD third. The third place finish was due mainly to 
Diane Nafke's sixth place. In the afternoon, the men 
shaved, showered and engaged thmselves in the men's 

USE •.. 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
fo r your loan needs . . . 
we' ll help you pay not 
over pay with the best 
financing and terms 
available. 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

NOW APPEARING 
RICK FAULKNER 

COMMUNITY -< 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45- 5 :30 ~ 

Sat. 9:30 8 5:30 
Closed Sun . & Mon. 

233-8328 ~ 

Pho~os: Easlern 

Foi l competit ion. On ce again UCSD placed first, 
fo llowed by UCLA and Arizona State . Also, once again 
UCSD placed three fencers in the top four. And you'll 
never guess who took first place again . Yes siree, -
M ighty Mike Jones out fought 65 other eager bodies 
for his second first-place finish of the meet. jim 
Gerstein of Arizona took second, while Stan Robinson, 
and John Helmich of UCSD took third and fourth 
respectively. 

Sunday at 10:00 a.m. the Saber compet itors began 
the final phase of a very long weekend. As if you hadn' t 
guessed it already, then you won 't be surprised when 
you hear that UCSD did indeed place first. And as if you 
hadn't suspected it, the team members placed one, 
two, three. This time first place was taken by dashing 
and daring Dickie Sax that suave ladies man about 
town . Mike Jones completed a fine meet by coming in 
second, with john Helmich finishing third . Once the 
regular undergraduate competition was finished, Sax 
fenced the graduate division winner, a former NCAA 
Saber champion. Sax fenced like a true gladiator, but in 
the end lost by one touch . 

If you happened to miss the last week-end's com-
petition, you will have one last opportunity to see a 
UCSD legend. So come over the gym Saturda y between 
12:00 and 1:00 and watch the last home fencing meet. 
This will be the last t ime that the seniors, most of the 
major contributors of the team's fabulous streak and 
success, will be in action here at home. The team will 
be facing Cal Tech in the upper north and West 
balcon ies of the Gym. Don't miss the opportunity to 
see these fine senior fencers in their last home meet at 
UCSD. It's an experience that shouldn't be missed. 

MAKE AN 
APPOINTM 
WITH OUR 
DOCTORS 

-'II 
.. _ DOCTOR fAUSTUS 

Cllff 's Notes are written by 
schOlars who know how to help 
you study. Authors (predom. 
nantly Ph.O.'s) are ca refully 
selected for their knowledge of 
a partIcular play or novel - plus 
ability to inlerpret .ts plol and 
characters so they will be 
relevant to your literature cou rse. 
ThiS carefu l attention 10 quality 
has made Cli ff's Notes the most· 
used study aid on college 
campuses nallonw.de. Pick the 
title you need today - you '" find 
it holds the key to efficient 
use of your study t.me. 

Over 200 titles 
available at: 

University 
Bookstore 
Ext. 1360 

STEREO PATIO SALE 
NEW, DEMO & USED 

SUNDAY FEB. 11 - 10 A.M. TO 5 P.M. 
EL PATIO BLDG .. PLAZA 7946 IVANHOE, LA JOLLA 

SOUND PACIFICA'S ANNUAL OUTDOOR 
PRE INVENTORY· ONE DAY ONLY SAVE!!! 

SOME EXAMPLES 
AR 4X 52.00 SHA-R PE . 9 
AR 3A 175.00 BSR 310X 
MARANTZ V 69.00 BSR 610X 
MARANTZ VI 99.00 BSR 810X 
SHERWOOD 4100 ' 179.00 SENNHEISERS 
TEAC1250 399.00 SHUREV15II 
TEAC 4070 509.00 PICKERING 750E 
TEAC 42 450 .00 B & 0 SP12 
KLH 6 96.00 STANTON 681EE 
KLH 5 139.00 STANTON 500EE 
DUAL 1218 w. BOSE SOl's 

b. & d.c. 139.00 BASF e60 
TANBERG 251P 99.00 ESP 6 
TANBERG 3041 X 299.00 PHASE LINEAR 400 
SHARPE lOA 11.50 PHASE LINEAR 100 

MANY MORE GOOD THINGS! ! 

16.50 
37.50 
69 .00 

169.00 
26 .75 
41 .50 
50.00 
50.00 
50.00 
25.00 
99 .50 

1.39 
57 .00 

$95.00 
595 .00 

NOW OPEN TIL 8 P.M. MON . & FRI. FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

SOUND PACIFICA • LA JOLLA 

Pflg 9 Friday, February 9,1973 Triton Tim s 

~ 



L8TT8RS Ttl THE I IlIITelf 
Please Slpp 
Ripping Off 
CafeteriE~ 
From : Michael Layns, Stu-
dent Manager, Rewelle 
Caleteriol 
To: UCSD Student Body, or 
a small Iraction thereof, 

The time has come, I 
feel, for a plea to be made 
to the students o f this cam-
pus to stop stealing the 
candles that are put out for 
you on special nights. Con-
trary to apparently popular 
belief, those candles do 
cost the cafeteria, and you, 
money. We do not operate 
on an unl imited budget 
here, although it may seem 
like it from the quality of 
the food we manage to 
serve; which is , on the 

~ 

whole, pretty darn good . 
Th e ca ndl es are put 

there to provide some at -
mosph ere in what are 
otherwise fa irly bleak sur-
round ings, which they do. 
However, as I said before, 
the th eft rate is h igh and 
we ca nnot aff o rd to 
replace those candles, or 
anyth ing else that is stolen 
fo r th at matter, ad in-
finitum. 

This may all seem rather 
ridiculous, and in a way it 
is. Nonetheless, if it is one 
thing that I have learned 
while worki ng here, it is 
that a few cents here and 
there, over the span of a 
year, adds up to one heck 
of a lot of money. So, at 
least view those candles as 
being exemplary of what 
stands to be lost over the 
long run if things keep 
'disappearing' at their pre-
sent rate. Thank you. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 
SUMMER JOBS 

i PAYS DONORS 
Guys & Gals needed for summer 
employment at Nat ional Parks. 
Private Camps. Dude Ranches 
and Resorts throughout the na -
tion. Over 35.000 students aided 
last year. For Free Information on 
student assIstance program send 
self·addressed STAMPED enve· 
lope to Opportunity ResearCh. 
Dept. S,JO. 55 Flathead Drive. 
Kalispell . MT 59901 . 

i 
~ 

~ 
for service 

Tue.-Fri . 
9:45-5 :30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 
.... YOU MUST APPLY EARLy ..... 

fun-slop 
shopping 
Artiques, books, candles, fountains, lewelry, leather, macrame, 
poinhngs, pots-in foci, everything for the person who doesn', 
have e\lerything . 3780 Mission Blvd. in old MiSSIon Beach. Phone 
488·35 21. Mon. thru Thurs. 11:30 am '0 9:00 pm-Frt. 11:30 am 
to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 om to 5:30 pm-Sun. 11:30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YRBYUm 

With All You, Ilealt. 
The FTD LoveBundle; 

You have a special 
someone somewhe 
whether it's your mo 

or your sweetheart, 
hop ing you 'll (emember 

her with flowers on 
Valentine's Day. 

Send her the FTD® 
LoveBundle. A 

bright and beautiful 
bouquet of fresh 

flowers in a special 
container. All 

designed with 
February 14th 

In mind . 

~Ii·~i-~"S~ ~ Uauelly avail.ble , lor less than ""'4 • 
'1150' "" ~' 

Find out how easy It is to send the right flowers the FTD 
way. Drop in for your FREE Selection Guide. Wherever 
you see the famous FTO symbol. (Or write FTO. 900 
Wes1 Lafayette, DetrOi t, Michigan, 48226.) Most FTD 
Florists accept major cred it cards. 

'As an Independen' bUllne .. m.n. eeCh flO Member Florlll , • •• hi' own 
prices. Ci 1973 Florll" · Transworld Delivery Allo.latlon. 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, February 9, 1973 

Muir College: 
Absurd Joke 
Editor: 

the serious mlly be ab-
surd 

and th e absurd may be 
serious, 

but the biggest surprise 
may be that the clown is 
the sage . 

Wi th this consideration, 
comes the idea of sat ire. 
And it seems that UCSD, 
especially Muir College, is 
the subject of the joke. 
Notice two landmarks of 
Muir College and you will 
see wha t I mea n : the 
swingset and the teeter-
toter. Was someone tryi ng 
to say something of the 
maturity of the students, 
and the lack of anything 
happning to contrast 
studying. 

Where is the social ex-
periment that Muir was en-
visioned asl Where is the 
creativity, freedom, and 
community -
consciousness? Where is 
the personal and collective 
power of the students to 
run their lives? To care, to 
communicate, to relate . 

Yes, to quest ion and to 
create a l ife style fro m their 
own valu es and ex-
periences. To create a stu-
dent community where we 
w ould know wh o o ur 
neighbors are, and what 
they are . So we re frain 
f r o m r e lat i n g, from 
opening up and sharing of 
ourselves lest it term inate 
with a hass le. And more 
into o ur sma ll circle of 
friends we isolate ou rselves 
th is year. Has society wonl 
What has happened to the 
revol ution (both po lit ical 
and social). 

But as most resign 
themselves to fa te, some 
st ill hold the faith t hat we 
can make of l ife someth ing 
else. And to the youthful 
hypocrisy arou nd t hem, 
they are caught between 
sorrow and ridicu le. What 
will it take to bring people 
out of their shell and ex-
pose them to something 
different . Will it only take 
another shocking social 
upheaval to get people to 
open their eyes and start to 
ask 'why' to all that they 
encounter. 

Mark Stern 

You, Farm Workers, 
And Safeway 

SAFEWAY and YOU 
Safeway has been charged 3 times in the past two 

years with irregularities in its selling of ground beef. In 
Seattle, the company was fined for excessive fat con-
tent violations. In Los Angeles, a consumer class action 
suit was filed contending hamburger was sold without 
regard to cut, ground chuck passing as ground round. 
Safeway responded by changing its labels to " regular", 
" lean", etc. Now a third suit has been filed due to 
evidence reveal ing that the new labels ("regular," 
" lean" , elc.) are often meaningless. 

During the past 35 years, Safeway has been taken to 
court andlor b efore the Federal Trade Commission 
for : price fixing, conspiracy to restrain trade, con-
spi racy 10 suppress competition, violations of the 
Shermaf' Anti-Trust Act and the Robinson Patman 
Unfiar Trade Act , and false advertising . 

In M arch of 1972, The California Public Interest law 
Center filed a $40 mill ion class action su it against 
Safewa y for se ll i ng common foods labeled as 
" organic". 

SAFEWA Y AND THE FARM WORKERS 
Safeway board members have made bitter and 

irresponsible attacks on the Farm Workers' Union. 
They actively supported Proposition 22, which had it 

passed would have stripped farm workers of their rights 
to bargain for better working conditions. 

Safeway donated thousands of dollars to a group that 
used vigilante and terrorist actions to crush farm labor 
organizing in California during the 1930's. 

Safeway buys more non-union lettuce than any other 
chain store (75 railroad car loads per week). 

PLEASE DON'T SHOP SAFEWAY. 
For more information write or call : 

United Farm Workers 
293 Vl Juniper Street 
San Diego, Ca. 92104 
714/ 281 -4013 

I,iUIe 
'0---. 
H-

e neat 
We tike phone orders 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 
Governor & Genesee 
20% off for UCSD 

Students with 10 cards 

.FEIFFER 
cae; AR~ rdYJ 
ill-1PCf/Tlve. 

AU lIOU 
CD IS 
P~ALI 
6\1'165 . 

, 

, 

IF If I9JT A 
PcAltR STRLO -
8(£ '1CV l.-ose 

I~TBRcST. 

J'H kX)T 
COHptT/~ 
-rIVe. 

'THArs ((ex), 
UJT /vic. I 
Mf6 caJ7ESrS. 

( 

LfOJ /Q.JCX.IJ ~AT 
!IOU ()O f ~u 
&N16 fv{~ FeR 
AL-l.- lIaJR ()JJkJ 

/ HNJ6-
UPS . 

wa~1 TAAT 
H.N<' Be: 
PAICTl.-l( 
1RlJe-. 

Ii IG 
1f2Ue . 

O.K. 
«ou 
WI~· 

" 

I 

~IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I' I I IIIIIIIIIIIIIII I III I IIIIIIIIIII1I111111111111111111111111111""!:: 

l-~'~ 
~j[ 
~- .• ~ 1P'~:f 

Shanghai 
M andarin & Sh anghai 

Sty le 
Chi nese Restau rant 

10% off dinner 
menu with student 1.0 . 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEkDA Y LUNCHES 

.i. it -t 1. 
~+1~ n~,.t 
.lit ~ ~t tr 101 7 prospect 
1:,l .... -H -It LA JOLLA § 
, .I)" ~ ~ 454-5806 

.1111111111111111 1111111 1111111111111111111111111111 ""11111"1111111111 11111111111111111111 1111111 J 

announcements Continued from page 12 
San Dirgo Islamic ociety 
(SOIC) presents its firs l lec-
ture in the Isla m and 
Muslims ser ies "The issue 
of the in terest on ca pital or 
Ih interest rate and con-
I'mporary I slamic 

~ocieties" by Mohamed A. 
Khalil Ph.D., School of. 
Business AdminIstration, 
USIU Time: 2:00 p.m. Sun-
day February 11, 1973. (A 
question answer session 
will follow the Ie ture). 
Place: International Center, 
Matthews Campus, UCSD. 
(2/9) 
Are you interested In 
helping ot her people 
accept their sexuality? 
Counseling and 
Psychological Services is 
begInning a speakers 
bureau to deal only with 
the issue of sexuality. If you 
are interested in being 
Irained to lead rap sess ions 
for students on this issue, 
call Patty Rosen at exten-
sion 2715 on Wednesday, 
Feb. 7 or Feb. 14 between 1 
dnd 5. (219) 
Dr. Andrew H. Wright , 
cha irman, department of 
literature will discuss Affir-
mative Action at a meeting 
of UCSD Women, Thurs ., 
Feb. 15, at noon in the 
International Center, Me. 
Ail interested invited to at-
tend. (2113) 

A meeting of all persons 
interested in WILDERNESS 
STU DIES will be held on 
Thurs., Feb. 15, in the North 
Dining Room of Muir Com-
mons at 7:30 p.m. All per-
sons interested particularly 
in sig ning up for the 
Contempora ry Issues 
discussion-lecture course 
on wilderness to be offered 
spring quarter are especial-
ly urged to attend. It WIll be 
a pleasant evening of dis-
cussion and idea gen ra-
tion that should be of 
benefit to all. (2113) 
A precise and cours( -work 
descri ption for spring 
qua rt er's, Society and 
Human Va lues - Int r-
disciplina ry 44 cou rses will 
be available today and next 
week in the foyer of 
Revelle Provosts office for 
those students consideri ng 
enrollment. (2/9) 

Dr. Saltman, will spf'ak 
on Tues. February 13th, 
about hallucinagenics and 
reality. He will discus both 
the scientific and personna I 
aspects of reality. 

Saltma n will bring ex-
erpls from a fi lm that he 
made in which he ex-
perimented with L D. In 
the film, under the In-
fluence of LSD, Saltman 
describes his feelings and 

fo rked tongue ... Continued from page 1 
Pointing out that In-

diands have a 20 per cent 
higher unemployment 
rate tha n blac k s or 
chicanos, earn 25 percent 
less than other mino rit ies, 
and that over 43 per cent 
of Ca lifornia Ind ians fa il 
to go beyond the eigh th 
grade, Brightman stated, 
"the W elfare 
Department's hiri ng 
policy can only be viewed 
as gross discriminat ion." 

On February 1, 1971, 
our fi rst formal civil rights 
complain t was personally 
f il ed with Elliot Richard-
son, Secreta ry of Health, 
Education and Welfare", 
stated Br ightman. 

"We requested that 
Richardson's age'lcy no 
longer speak wi th forked 
tongue to t he Indian 
people" , expl<)ined 
Brightman. " We 
specifically requested 

Sermonette ••• 
Continued from page 3 

The answer, brothers and sisters, is simple. When we 
were created, fire had yet to be invented, and blankets 
were unheard of. Gawd gave us these parts to keep us 
warml 

Today we have bla nkets. We have f ire. We even have 
electr icity to heat o ur homes. We certainly don't need 
sex anymorel 

There is so much fil th in the world these days, 
friends. Yo u can hardly walk the st reets today without 
com ing across some sort of smut. A young man came 
up to me after ch urch one Sunday li nd told me, 
"Reverend, you can hardly walk the streets today 
without coming across some sort of smut." I know his 
problem. It affects us all. I walked by a photographer 's 
studio the other day, and you know how they put some 
of their photos on the window to show how good they 
are? Well sir, they had a picture of a naked-now get 
this- a naked babyl. Fri ends, they aren 't even waiting till 
they're old enough to look goodl 

Sin is all around us, broth rs and sisters! The devil is 
hard at work! 

"Brother Cracker," you say, "I know sex is the dir tiest 
sin in the devil's repertoire. I know sex is available on 
Jny street corner in the country. What can I do, Brother 
Cracker? I want to fight this thing, but it's hard." 

Well, brother, when it's hard, that's when you're in 
trouble! You've got to fight it all the morel Mastur it; 

Of course, it 's harder for some folks to lick this 
problem than for others. Let me read to you from 
Gawd's word, the Whf)lIy Babble, before I finish . Here 
it is: 

"If thy right eye offendeth thee, pluck it out. If thy 
h,lnci causeth thee sorrow, cut it off." And brethern, if 
Ihv g<'nitals bring thee to sin .. 

W<,II, you've got the idea. 
And remember folks, if you have this problem and 

you've got the will YOll can beat it! 

Power Increase ... 
Continu II from pag 1 

knnwn about thpm and 1hpir d3ngcr~ • II lear d nv.er~ 
.11 ' in 'lsl»1 " diffi"ul, tn q\l~ntitat ... Jnd tl1(' functionin 
of nuclt'at plant, is I.ugly lllltt'\tt'd. tach new plant I~ 

~lightly diff rent from the 01 'beforr It. The rem~inin 
pi(' c in the controversy ov r nuclear en rgy IS the 
A to mi Energy Commissio n , whose dual rol a 
regulator and promoter cone ntrat s the pow r to 
mak afety and poli y d cisions to a dang rou s 
d !lr e . Next Issue: Policy decilions in nucleir e nergy 
and ~uS8~tlon~ lor future f'n rlJY production and u • 

• • f f •• • I 

emot ions. 
Fa ul ty, sta ff and all 

stud nts are invited 10 heal 
Dr. Sa ltman speak in the 
Revelle Ca feteria at 8 p.m. 
(2113) 

The Five and Dime Student 
Coff e Hous at Muir 
Colleg needs your support 
to remain open. We need 
people to volunteer for 
only one night per week to 
either mandge or work a 
few hours. Please become 
involved, and participate in 
a wholly worthwhile 
organization. Call either 
453-9537, 453-4199; or 
come in some night to see 
us. (2/13) 

Feb. 14, Mayday. On May 1, 
1969, the Black Panther Par-
ty held a massive rally in 
San Francisco . Speakers 
Kathleen Cleaver, Bobby 
Seale and Attorney Charles 
Garry presented the rally's 
demands for the release of 
Huey Newton and political 
prisoners. 201 M.e. 7:00 
P.M .. Black Panther. Thi~ is 
one of the first films made 
about the Panthers. It con-
tains interviews with Party 
leaders Huey Newton and 
Eldridge Cleaver describing 
why the Party was formed 
and what its goals dre. 
(2/13) 

that 2 per cent Native 
Am ricans be employed 
within the Welfare 
Department by January 1, 
1973 in compliance with 
Section Fou r of the Civil 
Rights Act," he said. 

"Aside from a request 
by Director Pottinger of' 
the Civil Rights Office 
ask ing us to explain how 
Indians are being denied 
Welfare assistance, no ac-
tion concerning the com-
plaint was taken. After 
waiting for a year, we 
decided to file a second 
fo rmal complaint", added 
Brightman. 

"Th Welfare 
Department's gross dis-
crimination in hirIng 
policies deny our people 
the vital assistance and 
equal services which are 
guaranteed to all people 
by the Civil Rights Act," 
stated Brigh tman. 

"Our population con-
st itutes 7 per cent of the 
total California popula-
tion, ~o based on poten-
tial clientele population 
parity, we should com-
prise l. per cent of all 
California Welfare 
Department employees", 
he explained. 

"Over 9,000 Indians live 
in the San Francisco Bay 
Area," aid Br ightman, 
"yet the Welfare Depart-
ment doesn't have o n 
single Native American 
employed in 5an Fran-
cisco County, Alamecia 
County or Contra Costa 
County. 

"In seven of th elev n 
California counties we 
surveyed which had large 
Indian populations, no 
Native mprlcan are 
'mployed hv the Welfare 
Dep~rtl1lent", Brightman 
point('d Ollt. 

"PIP) ntly 75 pN cent 
of (.,Iifornl.l Ineii.1m over 
1111' .IW' 01 2S edrn :(>~, 
th. 11 $5,000 J y(',H", ~.JI[I 
Hligiltman 

")j N,ltivl' AI'1f'rICar., 
werp hlr ·d to ttll th· 00 
pmitlon in ornplianc p 
wtlh tlw CIVIl Right< ct, 
it Wd~ founei thJI ba ed 
upon the av raRe Welfar 
Depar tment ~alary, an ad -
ditional mi llion dollars 
would b brought into 
the Indian communit y", 
he rnotiudf'd 

.. .. . . . . . ... 

.............................. .. .... . 

: University Lutheran Church • 
• . And : 
• Student Center 
• • 
• Worsh ip Services Interim Pastors: • 
• 10 A.M. Sundays Herbert Albrecht • 
: Pwl Gabrielsen : 
• Feedback Nels Oa • 
• 11:15 • 
• • : : 
• • : : 
i ! 
• Students New dAre ordially Welcome • \ . . .................................... J 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON $6000 COUPLE 

ALL EQUIPMENT FURNISHED 
(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL FI 5) 

LECTURES - POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS SUPPLY 
635 PEARL ST., LA JOLLA 459-6841 

............................. 

• • • • 
: O W Open I 
· : I m' I : . 
• • : at : 
• 

• • 
• 

• 5771 La Jo a Blvd. I 
La Jolla (Bird Rock Area) • 

• 
• • ............................. 

CAMPUS 
PROGRAMM ING BOARD 

presents 

P 
AWE 



fri ay 
Tonight, Fri. the 
Recreatiomll Events Club is 
sponsoring a Casino Night 
in the gym for all students, 
faculty and staff. All of you 
gamblers can try your luck 
at roulette, poker, black-
jack, craps and numerous 
other Las Vegas specials. 
Non-gamblers will enjoy 
the Casion girls or the 
downfall of the dealers. Ad-
misssion is free 10 all , 
however, the simulated 
money will sell for 50¢. This 
trivial amount will con-
tribute to make the prizes 
more impressive. Those 
earning the most "money" 
at the end of the night will 
be handsomely rewarded 
with special gifts . The 
evening begins at 7:30 
Friday, February 9th and 
the U.C.S.D. Casiono closes 
for business at 11 p .m . that 
night. Talk your friends into 
comming and proving their 
luck or skill as the case may 
be. 

All those who w041d en-
joy being on the house's 
side may call Darlene at 
453-9329 and volunteer 
their services as a dealer. 
Your help will be much 
appreciated and a delicious 
surprise will be in store for 
you as well following the 
evenings events. Any 

further questions may be 
answered by phoning 453-
2000 ext. 2282. (219) 

ATIENTlON: Women Pre-
Meds. Important meeting 
this Fri., Feb. 9, in the first 
floor lecture hall at the 
Med School at 6:30 p.m. 
Speakers on med school 
being a doctor, getting into 
n'led school, etc. Bring sack 
dinner and questions. Must 
attend this meet ing in 
order to participate in 
future workshops and 
programs. You know the 
myths - it's time you knew 
the facts . (2/9) 

SOARING CLUB : General 
Membership Meeting will 
be held Feb . 26 in Muir 2C 
1110 before the ground 
school. Topics : Elections 
and other club business. All 
members please come -
we need your ideas and 
votes. (2/9) 
The deadl ine for filing 
applications for the Muir 
College- Dartmouth 
College Exchange Program 
for spring quarter is Feb . 9, 
1973. Any student s in-
terested in applying should 
see Maxine Johnson in the 
Muir Provost office. (2/6) 

HAMPTO HAWES will be 
featured in a FREE JAZZ 

CONCERT, Fri. Feb. 9th at 
8 : 30 p . m . in Revelle 
Cafeteria . This event is 
sponsored by the Campus 
Programming Board and 
admission is frc . (216) 

saturday 
PRE-MEDS : Weekly grand 
rounds are held at the V.A. 
Hospital on Sat. mornings 
at 8:00 a.m. Your atten-
dance welcome. (219) 

sunday 
Duplicate Bridge Tour-
naments will be held every 
Sunday at 6 :30 p.m. in the 
Revelle North Dining Hall. 
All bridge players welcome. 
Entrance fee - 25¢. Prizes 
and Refreshments. (ES) 

Sun., Feb. 11, 1973, Univer-
sity Lutheran Church, La 
Jolla . Pastor Paul Gabrielsen 
will offer some thoughtful 
comments about a 
sometimes puzzling topic 

~hen he speaks on "The 
Biblical Attitude Toward 
Wealth" this Sunday. The 
service begins at 10 a.m . 
(2/9) 

monday 
Soaring Club Ground 
School will meet Mon., 

announcements ........ ~ .... ~ 
Feb. 12 in 2 C 1110 from 
7:30 to 10:00 p.m. The topic 
will be Cross-Country 
Soaring. All Are Welcome. 
(2/9) 

There will be an organiza-
tion meeting of the new 
Tennis Club, Mon. Feb. 12, 
5 p .m. in the PE Classroom. 
All kinds of possibilities ex-
ist - round-robin, tour-
naments, challenge play 
with other tennis groups, 
picnics, etc. The first 
round-robin play is 
scheduled for Sun., Feb. 18, 
9-12 on Muir courts. All 
levels of play. (2/9) 

Mr . Lewis McDowell, 
Senior Administrative Of-
ficer for CHUBB/PACIFIC 
INDEMNITY GROUP will 
be on campus Mon ., Feb. 
12, to talk with students 
interested in their 
Underwriter Trainee 
positions. The program 
co n sist of a 12 month 
period of specialization, in-
cluding counseli ng, leading 
to a Branch Office assign-
ment. Come by Career 
Planning, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
2D , Muir College to 
arrange interview. (2/9) 

general 
The San Diego Chapter of 
the UC Student Lobby is 

on the move. Meetings are 
being held every Wed . 
evening at 5:00 p.m. on the 
3rd floor of Tioga . Students 
can, and do have a voice in 
Sacramento - Get in-
volved. For info ca ll 
Stephanie at 453-0974 or 
Xl176. 

Econ majors, or anyone else 
interested in the economics 
of the UC Sys t em -
University Hall, operating 
from Berkeley is organizing 
a state wide task force to 
investigate the economic 
feasibility of expanding the 
school of Veternary 
Medicine within the UC 
Structure. If interested, or 
wanting more info ca ll 
Stephanie at 453-0974 or 
leave name and number at 
Xl176. (2/9) 

Two Central Michigan 
University graduate 
students, Doug Kosinski 
and Bill Topping (both 
former Saginaw Valley 
College stude nts), plan to 
begin publication of a 
quarterly journal on things 
political. Anyone who 
wishes to help or con-
tribute in any way will 
receive a warm welcome; 
most of a ll , scholarly essays, 
professionally written, are 
needed. Any material, so 
long as it has a political 

bent, is acceptable. If in-
terested, please contact: 
Bill Topping, 413 North 
Homer Road , Midland , 
Michigan 48640. (2/9) 

Mon. night 8 p .m. in HL 
auditorium the movie 
" Peer Gynt" to be shown 
with subtitles for free. 

A list of Muir students who 
have announced gradua-
tion candidacy for winter 
quarter , 1973, has been 
posted at the Muir Provost 
Office. If you are planning 
to graduate winter quarter, 
please stop by the office as 
soo n as possible to confirm 
your plans for completing 
your remaining degree re-
quirements. The deadline 
for filing for winter is 
February 16, 1973. Anyone 
filing after that date will be 
required to pay a $3.00 late 
filing fee . (2/16) 
Interested Pre-Meds to at-
tend doctors rounds at the 
V.A. Hospital Mon . and 
Wed . mornings, 9 a.m. 
Send a card to Pre-med, 
P.O . Box 4671 , L.J. Include 
name, phone number, and 
days available for atten-
dance. (2/9) 

Continued on page 11 

~~~advertise~ents ~r ourselves~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
travel 

EUROPE, ISRAEL & JAPAN . 
Low cost stud . flights all 
year. Ski & camping tours . 
AIST 1436 S. La Cienga BI. , 
L.A. Ca I. 90035 (213) 652-
2727. (10 :7) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
o more club feesl 50 

Departures , also NYC, 
Japan & Australia. Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: ISTC, 
323 . Beverly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca . 90210, (213) 275-
8180. (5/ 29) 

services 
Part Time Work . Set your 
own schedule. Call mor-
nings, Jay Ambrose 454-
1798. (2/13) 

BMWSAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So. Hill 
Oceanside, 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars (EF) 

Income tax se rvice . 
Disco u nt for students, staff 
or facu Ity. 755-8228 after 2. 
(4/ 13) 

TYPIST : Exp . PhD . 
M/ Thesis, Term Papers, 
Misc. 50¢ pg . Call Bee 
Lynch, 7';3-7356. (2/16) 

FLUTE L'.SSONS : Jazz and 
classical. $4 for 45 minutes. 
Call Dav d 436-0907. (219) 

Expert T ' ping - 5 yrs. ex-
periencE on all type~ uf 
papers Fast service. Ex-
celle n t grammar and 
spelli ng SO¢/pg. Claire-
mont are . IBM Selectric. 
Call 565· 70GO. (2/9) 

hou ing 
Your own room in large 
brand n w co n-
domin G n S5 
Highland s, minut s 10 
U.C.S.D. rally nic, call 
Ro k 298-9084 (2/13) 

3 Br. house for rent in 
Solana $220 & uti I. Close to 
beach . 0 dogs. 211 Acacia . 
755-3949. (2/13) 

Roommate wanted. 50 yr. 
house, wood beams and 
floors, 4 blks. to beach. $105 
own room, all util. & fone . 
Call 753-5210. (2113) 

$165. Spacious 1 bedroom, 
furn . apt. 3680 Mission 
Blvd . 459-3996. (2/13) 

2 girls need roommate to 
share a 3 bdrm., 1 bath 
Pacific Beach house (Crown 
Point) to start renting as of 
March 1, 1973. Pet OK. 272-
7504 (rent $95/nlOnth). 
(2123) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for 
Spring qt . Del Marlown 
rm./prefer male $87/mo. 
Call 755-6532 after 5 p .m. 
(219) 

Room needed beginning 
March 1 : $60/mo ., or 
$80/ mo. utilities incl., or 
$loo/ mo. meals incl. Call 
453-2642. (2/9) 

Female roommate needed 
• nowl Share La Jolla Village 
Apt. $87/mo. Call. 453-5440. 
(2/9) 

Roommate needed - own 
room, 3 BR house, Claire-
mont, $75, 277-2564. (2/13) 

lost and found 
Whoever ripped me off 
Feb. 5 tell me where I can 
find my wallet, etc. Tom 

7~-2730. (2/13) 

Found : a cosmeti purse 
containing money in USB 
2722. Claim at Revelle Resi-
dent Dean's Offi e . (2/13) 
Lost : 1 Library book " Birds" 
by Aristophan s. PI ase 
return to Triton Times of-
fi . (2/13) 
Lost : Red Tag id ntification 
sticker for licenst' plate. 
Can't afford to obtain n w 
on . If found pi as call 
Darr II at 278-8716. (2/13) 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, February 9, 1973 

Lost : Blue Lee Jeans Jacket 
H itching in Green 
Mustang? Some time ago. 
David 755-9693. (2/13) 

Lost : Gold rimmed 
prescription glasses in hard 
grey case. Please call Jess, 
278-5931 . (2/13) 

Found : Silver Cross Pencil 
Monogrammed PDM, in 
RJE-R Sun . Nite. Contact 
Nick at 453-6102. (2113) 

Lost : A post slide rule on 
Monday February 5. 
Reward given for its return . 
Contact Rosemarie Biake 
266. (2/13) 
$100 for info leading to 
recovery of 650 Triumph 
mlc taken from Urey lot 
1/24, Marsha X1859. (2/13) 
Lost : Ray Ban Sunglasses in 
case. Urgently needed as 
my eyes hurt. Contact 755-
8967. (2/9) 
Lost black wallet, 15th St. 
Del Mar. If found please 
call Paul Nelson, 755-6833. 
(2/9) 

Found : Pipe in Muir 
Parking Lot. Claim in Triton 
Times Office. (2/9) 

LOST: Dark brown heavy 
cowhide jacket. (Probably 
in the Muir grill) Gary 
Carroll, ca II 453-1989 or 
Math Dept. (2/9) 
Reward for Lost keys : A 
dog key chain and 
nailclipper on it. 279 - 2796, 
eves. (2/9) 
Lost : Blue wooden shoes in 
red Corvair. Thurs. 2/1/73 
hitching btwn. LJ & UCSD. 
T rish 755-6833. (2/9) 

wanted 
"JO BS IN ALASKA" 
available now. This hand -
book covers all fields, 
summer and care r oppor-
tunities. Plan YOUR adven-
turel $3.00 JIA, Box 1565, 
An horag , AK 99510 . 
(2/27) 

Bio h mistry by Lehninger. 
hris 755-6542. (219) 

Ride Wanted. Need ride or 
rider to share a Driveaway 
to VermontlEast Coast 
soon. Call 755-3928. (2/13) 

Wanted 1 or 2 non-white 
roommates for 3 Bdrm. 2 
Ba . house in Cardiff. No 
su rfers $80. 753-7152. (2/9) 

Wanted : Furniture for apt. 
Dining table & chairs, dou-
ble mattress, etc. Steve or 
Dan, 755-9439 aft. 5 p .m. 
(2/13) 

Heading towards Canada . 
Need someone to share 
journey; want to see Spring 
come. If interested please 
contact John , 453-8864 . 
(2/13) 

Wanted: a ride to and from 
Palo Alto-San Jose area any 
wkend. Pay 1/2 gas and 
drive . 453 -4768 , Dave . 
(2/13) 

Wanted : I want to learn to 
play the piano . Need 
reasonable piano teacher. 
Don 453-8036. (2113) 

Coast Cruiser Rider . Please 
return sz. 7 rust jacket to 
driver or 453-4697. Thanks. 
(2/13) 

Wanted : Ph ysiCist with 
background in circuit 
design and a mature in-
terest in unidentified flying 
objects to work with three 
other Physicists in 
developing UFO detection 
and monitoring equip-
ment. No others need ca ll. 
583-8247. (2/27) 

Wanted : Any salt of 
hydrocyanic acid. Will pay. 
P.O . Box 6081, La Jolla, 
Ca lifornia 92037. (2/9) 

Ride needed to Civil Ser-
vice Exam in San Diego Feb . 
10. Ian Roth 453-5470. (2/9) 

MEN, WOMEN, Work on a 
ship n xt 5U'1'lmerl No x-
p ri nce r quired . Ex-
cellent pay . Worldwide 
travel. P rf ct summ r job 
or career. S nd $2.00 for 
information . SEAFAX Box 
2049 - BE , Port Ang I s, 
Washington 98362. (2/20) 

Need body and engine 
parts for a '61-544 Volvo. 
Ask for Brenda or Dan at 
287-0176. (2/9) 

Bass player wanted for 
enterprising rock group. 
453-8409 or 453-9537 and 
leave message. (2/9) 

Graduate student wants 
room in an apt. Del Mar, La 
Jolla, or near the University. 
Willing to pay up to about 
$90./mo. Jose at 755-4713. 
(2/9) 

Need Female interviewees 
for r esearch paper on 
homosexuality . Call 488-
8234. (2/9) 

NEED Student to 
teachltutor German-call 
Art Lawrence 299-3464, hrs. 
flexible . (219) 

personal 
Student Disc. now offered 
to Full Time UCSD Students 
enrolled in min. of 10 units, 
on new General Motors 
Automobiles 72's & 73's 
available I New Chevy 
Vega's from $1887, Nova's 
$1900 etc. Ask about any 
GM Auto, call Joe or De b-
bie - 274-2735. (2/13) 

for sale 
'62 VW Van with '65 rebuilt 
engine. $400. Call 453-5123 
or 276-1574 after 7 p.m. 
(2/13) 

1972 VW Su perbug 
Sunroof, mint condo Less 
than 9000 miles. Radio, WW 
phone 459-8224 9 am-8 p.m. 
(2/9) 
1967 Dodge Dart, 6-auto, 
new tires and other parts, 
453-0165. (2/9) 
STEREO-Muntz home unit , 
4 & 8 track recorder & 
player, 200 Watt Amplifier. 
Playback functions : mic. 
phono, aux. m.p.x., tape. 
$150.00 D e, 453-9146. (2/9) 

'68 Corvette, Hdt. convert., 
No. 327, 4 spd., tape d k 
hookup, am-fm radi'o, xlnt . 
cond o $2,200. 459-6568 or 
Brad at 488-9866. (2/9) 

GE solid state AMIFM 
stereo console. Exc. condo 
$95.00, 296-0856 eves. (2/13) 
'63 VW Engine, runs good 
needs Sun roof. $350 Day 
453-5000 ext. 230, Evenings 
755-3928. (2/13) 

' 66 VW Bug , sunroof, 
luggage rack, new tires, 
doesn't run. Make offer. 
Carla, 453-8768. (2113) 

1968 Kawasaki 120TR, well 
kept, stck. & std ., transp . 
$170 . Phon e:5 83 - 0847 . 
(2/13) 

Hart Competition Ski. 
Brand new, 1973 model 205 
cm, call Jan 453-5402. (2/13) 

50 Ro ck Albums 1 - $2 
Beatles, Chicago, Airplane, 
etc. 8-10 p .m . 2043 Edin-
burg, Cardiff. (2113) • 

New amphibious flash unit 
for Nikonos ca mera. Make 
offer. Bill 755-4520. (2/13) 

'71 Suzuki 250, on-off road, 
reliable, excellent condi-
tion $550. 435-3088. (2/13) 
17' Fiberglass Canoe, will 
se ll or trade for stereo 
equipment. 277-6987. Ask 
for Mark. (2/13) 

KLH Model 20 Stereo 
Receiver, Amp, Garrard 
Turntable, Speakers; King 
Size Simmons Bed. Ext. 2331 
or 755-3042, Alan . (2/13) 

For Sale: 2 Twin Beds. A 
real give-away. You make 
offer. Phone 755-8971 . 
(2/13) 

For Sale: Stereo, Good con-
d . 298-3264 p .m. Make 
offer. (2/13) 

Guitar amp - Lafayette , 
reverb-tremelo channe l, 10 
in. speaker, SJO/offer -
Tanaya A73 (2/9) 

Have hot slide rule for sa le 
$5 new, call 755-3085 ask for 
AJ. (219) 

'67 Ch vy II Auto 6 Cyl. 
$695., Call Gary 279-1837 
after 5 p .m . W kend 
anytime. (2/9) 


