
'Fonda Speaks in Behalf of Medical Aid for Indochina 
"A North Vietnamese woman told me, 

'If we learn to hate - we're lost ... the 
people we hate is the American govern-
ment , not the American people,'" 
recounted Jane Fonda at a fund-raising 
ga thering in Rancho Santa Fe last Sunday 
afternoon . 

Kay and Richard Holme hosted an 
invitational cocktail party to raise funds 
for medical aid to Indochina and for the 
rebuilding of Bach Mai hospital. Also in 
attendance was "surprise guest" and UC 
Rege nts lecturer, I.F . Stone, and 
professor emeritus Herbert Marcuse. 

Fonda pointed out that, in her view, 
the North Vietnamese "hold no hostility 
to us as Americans ... if there's a bombed 
place, they point and say ' Nixon', or, if 
it's an old bombed place, they'll say 
'Johnson' instead." 

She cited the reason for the shift in 

her views regarding Vietnam was the 
Vietnamese lack of animo sity to 
Americans who " have destroyed and 
bombed their country ... perhaps the 
pilots weren't consciously aware of this 
destruction, but when you ' re flying at 
such an altitude, you can't possibly 
know what's below you, and there's 
bound to be damage to civilians." 

Dismiss ing the reports of officers now 
complaining of torture while in POW 
camps, Fonda repli d, "Logic rells us 
th at th ere are less th an 20 POWs 
claiming they were tortured, and these 
people speaking were career officers 
who are be ing made- heroes of by the 
fact there are no heroes in this war -
these men are not your average Gl 's, 
and such a small , well-screened pe rcen-
tage were given publicity." 

In answering questions from the floor, 
Ms. Fonda did not di smiss the poss ib ility 

of furth er war in Indochina beca use, in 
he r estimation, "The Nixon ad mi nistra-
ti o n had give n u p its ideas of 
neo olonia lism." 

Sh emphasized the importan e th at 
every Ame rican know the points of the 
p ace treaty - because sh sees the U.S. 
in violation of the trea ty in th ir giving 
$3.2 mill ion to Thieu, in President Nix-
on's continued recog nition of South 
Vietnam as d istinct from North Vie tnam. 

To encourage the do nation of funds 
for the Bach Mai Hospita1 in Vietnam, 
Fonda not d the bombi ng of Vietnam 
had the effert of renderi ng ma ny Viet-
namese deaf, and th o n ly way to g t the 
hea ring equipment n eded was by 
American do nation, sin e, " It d idn't 
look like the U.S. wou ld give Vietnam 
any reparatio ns." 

She closed h r speech by saying, " I 
hope we do n't just all ge t together to see 

a movie star - we should all g t 
tog ther r gularly and continue our 
efforts, and I know it 's not easy 10 b 
liberal in a community like San Diego." 

After her sp ch, Ms. Fonda com-
ment d on recent visiting luminaries 
J an-Luc Godard and Jean-Pierre Gorin, 
with whom she mad "Tout Va Bien", a 
fi lm scre n d h re during the pair 's visit 
last w ek. "I think th y're exploitative 
and opportunistic," said Fonda, "a nd 
there's not many men whom I'd call 
male chauvinist pigs." Regarding "Letter 
to Jane", a film epistle to Fonda , 
s reened h r last week, Ms. Fonda 
admitted , "I've only read th script and 
didn't und rstand it at all - I was furious 
about the 'Tout Va Bi n' thing and 
haven't se n it her movi ." 

Information about Ba h Mai Hospital 
and Medical Aid to Indo hina may be 
obtained by telephoning 453-6966. 

Volume 19, Number 4 University of California, San Diego Friday, April 13, 1973 

Access to Black's Beach? 
Tim O'Neil 

Might the private access road to Black's Beach be widened and used as a public 
access road to a public parking lot at Black's? 

photo/Smith 
The Sa n Diego City Parks and Recreation Board and its Western Area Committee are 

concluding the fina l plans for an access road and parking lot in Ind ian Canyon located 
north of the UCSD Glider Fields and Salk Institute. 

News Analysis 
Effective Student Participation 

Stephanie Harris 
As a person, I am very much concerned with those many forces in nature .tha.t ~ither 

hav affected, are affecting, or are yet to affect my life as a co~~leted Ind!vldu~l ; 
therefore it should be of no surprise that at present one of my main Interests lies with 
how I or more r ali ti aHy - how s'ud~flt can aff Lt, or, mot uoldly, dlf cl, tho ' 
forces' as they exist within th University structure, pecifically relating to UC D. 

I spent the past two quarters in learning and viewin? the curren.t syste~ and how 
students fit into it, and ob erving student involvement With and reactIOn to It. ad to say 
I came to understand and realize that stud nts have no real power to speak of, and the 
positions they do hold on the various campus-wide Academic. Senate and ~d­
ministrative Committees are many times not above th level of tokenism. The question, 
then, was "Why?" Why weren't stUdents having a more direct .and. forceful. say .in the 
happenings of their lives? Why didn't they have an equal vOice In the d.lrectlon of 
student affairs and educational policy? I continued to re earch (oop - dirty word?) 
and attained a couple of sad, but realistic conclusions : 

• Studen ts have somehow (probably culturally and/ or religiously) b en con-
ditioned into believing that wisdom and know-how come with age; therefore, 
they put bli nd trust in the Admiflistration to make th " right" deci ion without 
question. Students must, in some way, be edu ated to the fact that they hould 
be in decis ion making rol es and should use these role to the fullest degree. 

• By allowing th is b lind trust to exist, students are by choice (though ~h~y ar~ue 
differe ntly, choosing to be manipulated and controlled by t~e Adml~lstratl~n . 
Th is has granted the Administration a power base and authOrity that will require 
a good " battle" to affect and change (but it ca.n be done~!! ) . 

• Students also, sorry to admit, most often assoCiate education With. clas ~~oms, 
profs, and busywork, eithe r forgett ing or refusing to see that the baSIC r abo s of 
life lie in decisio n making, policy setting, and evaluating. 

But even these are no t the major reasons why students app ar to be in a I thargic 
state when it comes to participa ting and vo alizing. The larg st negative factor from my 

continued on page 12 
Pauli ne de Granges of San Diego City Parks and Recreation ~ated that the parking lot ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~_ 

and acce s road have been planned for ten years. 
Ms. de Granges then continued to say that with the co~bined effort o~ the City ~oard 

and its Western Area Committee, the Indian Canyon Project would be Included In the 
25 mi llion dollar bond issue planned for November of 1973. 
. The cost of the Indian Canyon Project, or whether all of the project's expenses will be 
Included in the 25 million dollar bond, is not known. 

The Indian Canyon Project will create a 1,000 car parking lot at the top of the canyon, 
and a pedestrian access road through the canyon to the beaches. It shall also attempt to 
retain the glider fields on the UCSD Land. ., . 

If passed, th management of the proje t funds would require the. JOint effo~t s of 
UCSD, S.D. City Parks and Recreation, and the State Parks and Recreation Committee; 
as all three own land in the proposed site of Indian Canyon . . 

James Whitehead, di trict superintendent of the State Parks and Recr~a tlon Com-
mittee, sa id that the state holds a negative view of the propos d bond prOje t, b au e 
of its present site in Indian Canyon . 

Whit h ad said that the state would rather have th City Board us its acce s road to 
Bla k' Beach and build the parking lot near it, than use the site of Indian C~nyon . 

Ms. d Granges then stated that the City Board and the UCSD Gild r CI~b fln.d th 
tat committe's proposition unfeasible as it would d stroy th, U<;SD ~lIder Field . 

Ms. d Granges continued to say that the retainment of UC 0 s Gild r FI Id and th 
Torr y Pines City Park, had b n the factors involved in th d i ion for making th sit 
In Ind ian Canyon. . 

A .sour in the City Board, not wishing to be identifi d, stat d that th r IS anoth r 
f('aslb le sit in the area that would plea both parties concerned . T~is sit would be a ~mall privately owned canyon just outh of th pr 
Indian Canyon, and north of the UCSD Glider Fields. 

.Howev r, th purchase of this site se m impo sibl in th n ar futur . Thi leave th 
City of an Di go and th tat committe with the choice of Indian Canyon or Bla 
Ba h A es Road as the site of the new a ce road and parking lot. 

I.F. Stone to Lecture 
Greg Hicks 

On Monday, April 16, o ne of th foremost journali t in the Unit d tate will peak 
on the th m of "Th Nature of Fre dom: O rigin, Philo ophy, and city." I.F. 
Ston , for nin t en yea rs the ed itor and publi her of "I.F. ton ' Weekly", will b 
spea king in th Reve ll Formal Lo unge. 

Mr. Stone bega n his jou rnalisti ca r er at the age of fourt en with the publication of a 
n w pap r, "Th Progress." His high school year wer in ome wa s Ie than 
suc essfu l. He says, " I always lov d I arning and hat d chool. I want d to go to 
Harvard, but I ouldn't g t in b au I had graduat d forty-ninth in a la 5 of fifty-two 
from a small town high s hoo l. " 

H nt red th Univer it of P n n ylvania but "dropped out in my th'rd y ar to go 
back to new pap r work." He cha ra terized him If at that tim a "a pi -d pre ion 
lib ral. " In 1953 h b ga n the "W kly", whi h continu d publicati n Jntil 1971 . In 
addition to th "We kly" h ha put out num rou book and now i a ontributing 
dito r to the " N w York Revi w of Books." 
Mr. tone has b en not d for h i lib ral, out pok n vi w . Hi omm .1 tS on a f w 

ubj IS: 
Poverty: "Th r i no u e for poverty in a 0 i ty whi h an sp nd $80 billion a 
on its war ma hin ." (1969) "On th probl m of th poor, a on very thin I I th 
Nixon Admini trat ion flound r about like a sh ip wi th a broken rudd r." ( ept., 1969) 
Dissent: "Just imagine how h Ipl th bett r p opl in gov rnment would b if the 
rbis, bla k and whit , udd nly fil ii fll. Th war mi ht mold r on for v r, th 
gh ttoe attra t a littl att ntion a a refu dump. It i a painful bu in of e tri ating 

continued on pag 12 



~~ILlf'ClrIEI[) 
~t-il()l?lr~ 

Parking Enforcement 
Parking enforcement on campus has been limited to 

the hours from 7 to 5 p.m. Monday through Fridays. 
This will not include the 510 Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography or the University Hospital. 

Capitalism and 
Ecology 

" Ecology" and "Capitalism" both have powerful, yet 
disputable connotations. Though many are concerned 
about the ecology of the U.S. and the world, few agree 
on the impact that capital ism has on it. 

A deba te will be held th is Wednesday to discuss the 
ecological impl ica tions of capitalism. 

The Revelle Guest-in-Residence Committee will 
sponsor this debate between Dr. Herbert Schi ller and 
Dr. Daniel Orr. 

Dr. Schiller, a professor of communications at Thi rd 
College, will take the position that capitalism is not 
beneficial to the ecology. 

Dr. Orr, an economics professor at Reve lle, will 
oppose him and defend capitalism. 

Both speakers will present their views beginning at 
8:00 p.m. in the Revelle cafeteria . A question and 
answer session allowing members of the audience to 
question the speakers will be held at the end of the 
debate. 

The debate will be open to the general public and 
there will be no charge. 

Parents Weekend 
Parents of students will be at UCSD the weekend of 

April 27-29. Muir College is sponsoring the second 
annual parents' weekend, to give parents the oppor-
tunity to, as Provost John Stewart terms it, come and 
"experience Muir College as (their) sons and daughters 
do." 

Starting Friday morning at 9 a.m., Provost Stewart and 
some Muir students will be hosting a reception for the 
parents, and helping to orient them to the campus. All 
day Friday, parents will be welcome to wander freely 
and visit classes. There will also be Open House with 
various student services throughout the day. Parents 
will be encouraged to eat in the Commons and sleep in 
the dorms, so as to get the 'true flavor ' of life at Muir. 

At various times, 'both Friday and Saturday, semi-
formal discussions between parents and students have 
been scheduled. The idea is to give parents the views of 
many students on the experience at Muir, complaints 
as well as praise. The aim of these talks is to ease the 
pressure on students from their parents, especially if 
parents begin finding some universal problems. 

Last year parents' weekend was fairly st ructu red with 
lectures and presentations on China and Asian cu lture, 
followed by a Chin se opera. This year the weekend 
will be more relaxed, less an attempt to present special 
topics, as to present Muir College . 

Ent rtainment will be scheduled for the 5 & Dime, 
Friday, and perhaps Saturday night; but of a 
(somewhat) lighter nature than last year's Opera . 

Last year attendance at parents' weekend was about 
150; it is hoped this will double this year. So far the 
response hils been slow, but hopefully with a little 

persua~io'1 py students (write a letter home tomorrow 
and invit·> them; , parents' weekend will again be a 
success tl lis year. 

P()etry R~adings 
Th spr ns quart r poetry readings are beginning this 

week . Spc nfor d by the Literature Department and th 
Campus Frdgramming Board, the readings are regular-
ly sch dul Ii on W dnesdays at 4 p.m. in the Revelle 
formal 10 Jrige. 

B CaUSf! of I.F. Stone's appearance this w ek, the first 
r ading will be Friday (April 13; at 3 p.m. in th 
informal lounge. Harris Schiff, a young New York poet, 
will read his work . 

lerome Rothenberg (form r Regents Professor of 
Poetry at UCSD) will read his poetry next Wednesday 
(April 18) at 4 in the formal lounge. 

Watch the TRITON TIMES and NORTH STAR for 
announcem nts of future readings. 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

Inside Student Lobby - Sacramento 
(Editors note : As a service to the 

UCSD Campus Community, the Stu-
dent Lobby Annex will try to keep 
the students abreast of the 
happenings in Sacramento concer-
ning them. The following was 
released Friday, April 6, 1973.) 
MARIJUANA COMMITIEE - Sen-
ator George Moscones' Senate 
Resolution 23 resolves that the 
Senate Rules Committee is re-
quested to appoint a select com-
mittee to study regulations and 
models of control for legalized per-
sonal use of marijuana and that such 
a committee report its findings to 
the top contenders for Governor in 
'74. 

OPPOSITION TO BILLS - The stu-
dents of the University of Califor-
nia stand opposed to Assembly Bills 
192 and 321 , which would change 
the date of the direct primary and 
presidential primary elections from . 
the first Tuesday after the first Mon-
day in June to the first Tuesday after 
the first Monday in September. 
These measures would impose 
hardships on nearly 350,000 students 
in the state, of which 280,000 are 
already registered voters. 

The majority of students register 
at their campus address; in order for 
them to participate in primary elec-
tions they would have to make a 
special trip to campus, or apply for 
an absentee ballot. Many students 
li ve too far from their campus dis-
tricts to facilitate a special trip there 
to vote. The only other alternative, 
voting by absentee ballot, has its 
shortcomings too, for it involves 

added complications to the voting 
process. 

An application for an absentee 
ballot must include the address 
where an individual wants his ballot 
sent. In early September, many 
students are in the process of 
moving and, therefore, it would be 
difficult for them to provide an 
address where their ballot should 
be sent. 

More critically, the University of 
California campuses do not begin 
classes until the end of September 
or the beginning of October . 
Therefore, it would be extremely 
difficult for students who are away 
working or studying during the 
summer break to apply for .and vote 
by an absentee ballot. Going away 
during the summer would also 
cause hardships for students who 
are not registered and plan to 
register and vote in either their 
parents' or their campus's district to 
participate in the primary elections 
at all. 

We are heartened by the substan-
tial student turnout in the recent 
presidential election (average tur-
nout at UC's 72.4%, at CSUC's 
71 .9% and of 7 private institutions 
72%; and the enoucragement now 
being directed towards students to 
register and vote . We cannot, 
therefore, support these bills, which 
both discourage and diminish stu-
dent participation in primary elec-
tions. 

STUDENT BALLOT IN PRIMARY 
THREATENED - If Assembly Bills 
192 and 321 become law, most stu-

dents would find it very difficult to 
vote in primary elections, the UC 
Student Lobby claimed today in 
Sacramento. 

The bills, AB192 by Ray Gonzales 
(D-28th District) and AB321 by Mike 
Antonovich (R-43rd District), would 
change the date of the primary from 
the first Monday in June to the first 
Tuesday after the first Monday in 
September. 

Supporters of the controversial 
legislation say this reduced time 
between primaries and general 
elections would reduce campaign 
spending. The Lobby noted that the 
acts would severely restrict the stu-
dent vote as well as being difficult to 
implement. 

"Over 350,000 students would be 
affected if the dates were changed," 
said linda Bond, Co-Director of the 
Lobby. "In order for many of them 
to participate in the primary, they 
would have to make an extra trip 
before school began to their 
registered district or vote by 
absentee ballot." 

Ken Meade, Chairman of the 
Assembly Elections and Re -
apportionment Committee, said at a 
hearing on the bills (Tuesday) that 
the students ' rights to vote are con-
tinually being threatened. He added 
that he realized that the intent of 
the authors ' was not to restrict the 
student vote, but that their bills 
would result in the same thing. For 
this reason he refused to support 
the bills. 

The committee returned the bills 
to their authors for amending and 
condensing into one bill . 

S.E.O. Survey -"Student Worker" 
Karen Armitage 

The Student Employment Office (SEO) has recently 
completed a survey. UCSD has about 1,350 students 
working on campus. This represents about 26 per cent 
of the undergraduate student body, which was listed at 
5,169 on the registration list dated 24 January 1973. 

The report shows all undergraduate students 
employed as of 2/1!73 at UCSD on staff titl es, by their 
department, salary, class level, college, and sex. Some 
of the findings are given below. 

Revelle : Of 2,274 undergrads, 455 are working. 
This is about 20 per cent of Revelle students, or 8.8 
per cent of the total student body. 
Muir: Of 2,363 undergrads, 560 are working. This is 
24 per cent of Muir's students or 10.9 per cent of 
the total student body. 
Third : Of 532 undergrads, 169 are employed. This 
is 32 per cent of Third College students, or 3.3 per 
cent of the total student body. 
There are 131 student employees whose active 
student status is in question (fees not paid, barred, 
eligible but not enrolled, etc.). SEa is looking into 
each situation and will develop a policy regarding 
whether or not inactive students are allowed to 
continue working on campus. There are also 35 
graduate students working on staff titles. This 
makes up about 3 per cent of the student body -
for the total of about 26 per cent employed. 

By class level, there are 359 seniors, 373 juniors, 302 

Health Professions 
Seminar 

Starting on Monday, April 16, at 7 p.m. and on all 
succeeeding Mondays at the same time, th re will be a 
Health Professions meeting in Bldg. 2A, Rm. 2113. 
Coordinated by Jean Parks, the coordi nator of the pre-
med advisory committee, and presented by Career 
Education Planning Services and Minority Recuritment 
Office, School of Medicine, the meetings are desig ned 
to give students with a career goal in clinical psy-
chology, public health , pharmaceuticals, optometry, 
medical technology, and recreational therapy valuable 
career counseling. 

Every we k there will be a speaker who is a specialist 
in ach field . He wi ll give a six to eight minute talk on 
academic preparation, opportunities fo r wome n, and 
other rei van t information on what each career entails. 
After this talk, small discussio n groups will be 
organized with roving speakers to answer questions. 

Speakers will in Iud Edward l.Rada, Ph.D. UCLA 
School of Publi H aith; Professor Mar ilyn Haffly, Ca lif. 
State Univ., San Diego Recr at ion Th ra py; Kenneth A. 
Poise, 0.0., M.S. UC Berkeley School of Opto metry; 
Ar no ld Kess l r, V.A. Hospita l Chief me di ca l 
t hnologist ; Pau l She llenberger, Pharm. D. USC Stat 
Public R lations Committee; Diane Evans, M.S.W. 
U SO psychia tri 0 ial worker, and a clinical psy-
cholo!;ist from UCLA. All are invited to attend. 

sophomores, 150 freshmen , and 35 grads employ,:d on 
staff titles. In the battle of the sexes, there tS a tie by 
percentage points - male students comprise 59 per 
cent of the student population (3,059) and 55 per cent 
(748) of the work force. Female students equal 41 per 
cent of the student body (2,110) and 45 per cent of the 
work force (602). Currently only 20 per cent of the 
students employed are funded by the Work-Study 
Progra ms. 

The TRITON TIMES interviewed Ms. Judy Manter-
nach, Asst. Dean of Student Affairs, who heads the 
Student Employment Office, about the survey. 
TT: Could you describe the study your office has done, 
its origin, how it was carried out, and how the final data 
was tabulated? 
1M: At the request of the Chancellor's Advisory Com-
mittee on Student Life and Interest, we manually 
retrieveci some fa cts and figures about the current on -
campus employment situation. Our office maintains 
personnel files for all students employed on staff titles. 
We were trying to get a cross-section of the student 
personnel files in an effort to see if there were any 
patterns - for example, departments that were not 
hiring any students, or hiring only men or only women 
students. We were also looking for sa lary inequities. 
We wanted an overall picture of the on-campus 
employment si tuation for UCSD students. 
TT: What do you feel are the major implications of the 
su rvey? We re there any surprises? 
1M: ~bout one quarter of the undergraduate student 
body is employed on ca mpus. Of these, a little more 
than half :58 per cent! a're employed at $2.24 per hour 
- usually the sta rting salary for pOSitions requiring no 
tra ining and no continuing responsibility. This indicates 
that many more openings are needed and that we need 
to co nt inu e devoting effort into studying the 

continued on page 3 

Low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 

ReveHe Stapheteria 
Ed Simons 

As anyone who has eaten there will attest (indeed -
swear!), the Revelle Cafeteria is just one of those places 
you' ll never forget. 

No matter how you try. 
I know, I've worked there. I slaved as a dishwasher 

there for two months before I turned in my dishrag and 
beca me a legal secretary. I know what goes on in that 
brick-and-glass den of iniquityl And what does? 

The cafeteria is run by the Foreplay Plumbing Co. It 
was awarded the contract after lengthy investigations 
into its business operations by the Housing Committee 
to Screw the Students. The ·committee was composed 
of Nixonites, assorted perverts, and disgruntled RA's-
all of whom could afford to eat out. (That is, eat 
somewhere else.) This accounts for the basic lack of 
empathy between the operators and the eaters (from 
here on called 'sheep'). 

Before Foreplay stepped into th.e picture, the 
cafeteria was a morass of poor mangement, bad plan-
ning, and worse food . Nothing could go right - and 
often did. The sheep were hostile. 

Foreplay got to the bottom of all this. A team of 
experts covered the place with a fine-tooth comb 
(w hich explains the odd appearance of the roof) . They 
put in incandescent lights, fluorescent lights having the 
annoying property of showing things as they really are. 
Music was piped in, not to make the atmosphere 
pleasa nt, but to cover the groans and beefs of the 
sheep; to keep them from organizing into open 
rebell ion. This is more or less common knowledge, but 
did you know that the food is drugged with sodium 
phenylthiosulfadine, a taste bud deadener? And you 
thought you liked the stuff! 

Sodium PTS was probably Foreplay Plumbing Co:s 
biggest contribution to the field of Student Screwing 
(an ever expanding field , with limitless opportunities). 
Foreplay, and its subsidiary, Tijuana Meat Wholesalers, 
Inc., have also figured out a way to get around the high 
ost of meats. These savi ngs are then passed on to the 

management. 
Tijuana Meat Wholesa lers is located on the Plaza de 

continued to next column 

Pig Tales 

Search & Seizure 
Part II and III 

Cal Mason 
(Editor's Note : Cal Maso n is a confidential assistant to 
the San Diego Sheriff's office.) 

This is the third in a series of articles about the San 
Diego Sheriff's Department and law enforcement in 
genera l. The intent of these articles is to give the 
stud nt an insight into the law and local law enforce-
ment, with emphasis on how to stay out of jail , and 
what to do if he is " busted." 

There is no way I ca n adequately cover this com-
plicated mess in a few articles, when there are vo lumes 
still being written about sea rch and seizu re. However, 
th re are a few generalities I ca n touch upon, that may 
benefi t the student. If you really want to unde rstand 
search and seizure, I recommend a few days in the 
library. 

Vehicle searches are specia l because the authors of 
Our constitution couldn't have conceived the invention 
of the automobile. The Fourth Amendment still 
provid S for the "right of the people to be secure" and 
the Supreme Court has ruled that vehi les are no 
exception, rather, a special condition. 

Becau a vehicle is mobile and can be quickl y 
moved, it would be impra tical for an officer to secure 
~ sear h warrant. Thus, warrantless sea~ches are legal, 
If conduct d pur uant to the following guidelines: 

A. Incid ntal to lawful arrest - May search things 
lind r a cused' Immediat control (not trunk) . If the 
arrest i unlawful , the evidenc will be excluded. Also, 
th ear h must have a " reasonable" relation to the 

los Ustedes in TJ . TMW's ideal locat ion permits an 
extremely low overhead. So low, in fa t, that there is a 
maximum height requirement for the employees. This 
operation is simply amazing in its sourt s of supply. 
From the port authorities, TMW gets rabid canaries. 
Bounty hunters supply hare, coyote, and tubercu lar 
armadillos. One regu lar customer reported finding a 
heart tatooed on a steak. The residents of Plaza de los 
Ustedes aren 't saying anything, but visitors to the 
neighborhood are advised to keep their dogs on a 
leash. Preferably one made of 18-gauge spring steel. 
Also, TMW has an understanding with the local 
highway dept. Next time you get a steak, examine it 
closely. You'll find those aren't grille burns, but tread 
marks. 

This is where the meat comes from . Most of the time, 
that is. Sometimes a customs officer will question the 
necessi ty of a refrigeratio n un it on a garbage truck and 
hold up the shipment. When this happens, the UCSD 
dog populatio n usually suffers a loopi ng dive. 

Food Preparation 
Food preparation is just one more amazing facet of 

Foreplay's operation . Absol utely noth ing is wasted . 
Excess fat is recycled as fat. (Skillfully planted in the 
meat by fat-planters .) Dishwater is used in the bays to 
keep the food warm. Used cartons are mixed in with 
food scra ps in a giant vat. They are left there for a week 
or two to ferment . The mixtu re is then ground up and 
used to fill tamales and ravioli. (Anything left over is 
shipped to the Communicable Disease Center in Atlan-
ta , Georgia for analysis. The story runs that a professor 
here at the Med School made a bet with the director of 
the Disease center, a good friend of his. Th e bet was 
that the Center couldn't tell what the substance was. So 
far, the score is UCSD-5, Disease Center-D. The only 
thing that has been discovered about the substance is 
that it has been linked to ca ncer of the armpit.) 

Scuzzo McPherson, the alleged cook at the cafeteria, 
hails from the Bronx in New York. This colorful 
personage has a police record as long as his arm. 
Scuzzo is more well known by his nickname: The 
Scotch Tapeworm. All cooks test thei r dishes, but the 
Tapeworm goes a ste p farther and conducts 
longitudinal studies. One of Scuzzo's favorite ways of 
testing soups is to stick his arm into the soup vat up to 
the elbow. He licks his fingers then, for final approval, 
lets Milhous (his dog) get the rest. If either disagree, 
more food coloring is added before testing it again. 

I once asked him about this d isgusting practice. He 
replied that sticking in his forearm gave the soup that 
"organic sa lt" fla vor; that "je ne sais quoi" that 
transforms ordinary soup into Soup. 

Scuzzo is always alert for new ways of doing things. 
He was one of the first to see what monosodium 
glutamate could do for low-'grade meats. It is no 
surprise, then, that the cafeteria consumes on the 
average of a metric ton of MSG per week. 

It appears that Scuzzo has become a fixture at the 
cafeteria. In fact, he was recently offered a five-year 
contract by the Housing Office. Whether he accepts it 
or not is open to question. He has also been sounded 
out by the Army. 

offense. A drunk driving arrest allows the officer to 
search under the seat and on the floorboards for a 
bottle - but not in the ashtray. Okay? I have used that 
example to make this point ..... 

B. Reasonable cause - If the officer sees some 
contraband (open to plain view - "not a search"), 
while stopping and arresting for drunk driving, he then 
has "reasonable cuase" to believe evidence of a crime 
exists and may search further. 

C. Va lid consent - validity is stressed here, for 
consent must be oral or written, not just inferred or 
implied through a nod of the head or. shrug of the 
shoulders. The court has ruled that there is a difference 
between submission, or assent, and actual consent. 

A ·defense attorney will advise you not to give 
consent (especially if you' re in possession of any 
cont raband I), but, some attorneys suggest that you 
compromise your principles and avoide the hassle, if 
you have nothing to worry about. 

Refusing consent may tend to incriminate you in the 
eyes of some officers who may react by coming down 
o n you a little harder. It would be to your advantage to 
refuse congenia lly. Also, consent may be withdrawn at 
any time and the officer must then stop; and consent 
may be limited in scope, allOWing the pfficer to search 
only the trunk, or th e glove compartment, etc. 

Included in the above guidelines for warrantless 
searches are "pressing emergencies" (hot pursuit of 
suspected felon, etc.) and search by private persons. A 
"private person" is not an officer; therefore, there is no 
earch . It 's ca ll ed something else . . . trespassing. 

Remember, thes are warrant Ie searches of a 
vehi Ie. A warrant i omething els that I hope to 

xplain next tim , along with search s of a r sidence 
(dwelling). Al so remember, these are general 
guid line; I can't po sibly touch every circumstance. 
In fact, if I can condens this whol subj t as mu h a I 
have without g !ting som heat omewh r, I' ll 
probably b in lin for the Nob I Prize for Literature! 
No cha nce. 

earch & eizure 
Part III 

Re idence Search s are much simpler than vehicle 
search s for the non-lawyer-types to understand. Not 
really more simple, just less confusing. 

To search your hous , an officer need a search 
warrant , consent, or (here it is again) "reasonable 
caus " su h as an mergen y situation or in the hot 
pur uit of a f Ion. The search warrant do sn't have 
many pe uliar situa tions, so I'll xplain that lat r. 

Consent regarding the arch of a house can be 
ti key b cause oft n more than on person re ide 

S.E.O •... continued from page 2 
classifications of students currently emplo)'ed. 

We were surprised at the number of inactive 
students carried in our files . It was 10 per cent of the 
students employed - more than expected. We are 
following up on these to see if they are still working 
and if they are going to return to classes next quarter. It 
was a pleasant surprise not to find evidence of dis-
crimination among the colleges or between men and 
women students. In other words, there seems to be 
equal chances for students regardless of college or sex. 
TT: How do you feel the results of this survey could be 
utilized in programs for students in the future; what 
effect will the results of this survey have on your future 
plans in Student Employment? 
1M: The ever increasing needs for more student jobs 
demands increased effort in the area of job recruitment 
on and off campus. We realize that we need to develop 
more student consciousness among departments on 
campus. Our goal is that every job on campus which 
can be done by a student be filled with a student via 
listings in the Student Employment Office. Our survey 
showed areas where few students are employed. There 
are also situations where students receive lower salaries 
than full-time employees even though they are doing 
the same job. Our survey will help pin-point these 
places and hopefully correct them . Unfortunately, 
although this kind of information is important, digging 
out the data was a lengthy process involving more time 
and effort by my staff than we can spare. We hope to 
continue having current data, but we must have 
computer printouts at regular intervals. 

As more students are employed on campus SEO will 
have a larger role in interpreting UC policy with regard 
to employment of students and in helping individual 
students "i ron out" problems with departments where 
they have a "gripe" and vice-versa. Departments are 
responsible to the student employee in the same ways 
as they are to non-student employees. Students also 
have responsbilities as employees. Students are eligible 
for certain benefits and should be encouraged to keep 
their own records of their hours worked each month. 
We are making plans for conducting departmental 
information sessions where we hope to 1) offer training 
to ease the mechanics involved in the process of hiring 
students, 2) create more interest in the student as an 
employee (create interest in student life in general), 
and 3) receive ideas for better student! staff relations. 
We feel that non-student oriented areas are missing 
out on frequently rewarding experiences because they 
don't have the opportunity to get to know students. 
IT: Do you have any specific advice for students 
seeking employment in the near fut.Jre? 
1M: Be creative - many students have been successful 
in starting their own ventures; sitter service, barten-
ding, -party help, gardening, etc. Advertise your ser-
vice or talent in local papers or put notices in local 
stores. Use the imagination! 

Often a "one time only" job will lead to a continuing 
job. While waiting for a " regular" job to become 

continued on page 12 

there . Remember, con ent is different than assent, or 
submission to authority. It must be voluntary and an 
affirmative action. Most officers want a verbal "yes" or 
"no." If you are living with your parents and going to 
school (which can be a real bummer), they can give 
consent to have your things searched - unless you pa y 
rent to them, or have some other weird d al going. 

If you're renting an apartment , the landlord has no 
right to allow officers to search, unless you are a few 
months behind on rent or haven 't been there for 
awhile and th place looks abdndoned. 

If you have a roommate and you both are there at the 
time, the officer must have the permission of both of 
you . If one person says "yes" and the other says " uh -
uh", it really means "n-o" to the officer . However, if 
you are gone and your roomie gives p rmi ion to 
search his side, and the officers see some contraband 
on your side - it's a legal rip-off. Mor than likely, thi 
will also give the officer "probabl cau e" to ear r 
further wh re your per onal property might be. Better 
know your roommat well . 

A "pre sing emergency" is pretty ambiguous, but il 
usually means a crime is being committed and th 
officer can then ent r the hou e without a warrant. For 
instan e, a neighbor may all in about "strang 
sound" next door. If it sounds like omeone is being 
hurt, etc., the offi er may nter th hous without a 
warrant - break in, if necessary. 

Some other conditions the oHicer is going to have to 
satisfy (most of the time) wh n arriving at a house is to 
kno k, announce his pr ence (identify him elf), and 
state his purpos . Naturally, thi orlyapplie in the caw 
of an arre t warrant or probabl cause to arre t, nor if 
just a king question, permi i(ln to s arch, etc 
However, if he knock, id ntifies himself, and all of a 
suddent he hears running feet, frontic loud whi pers, 
flushing toilet, see bodie diving out of windows, etc., 
he can force his way in without woiting to be invited . 
Even further, if he can convince t e COLIrts that just 
knocking and identifying himself r;,i ht frustrate th 
arrest, or permit destruction of evidence, or put him in 
p ril 'of being " blown away" ~ .,' :~m~ v U I .. :;h ~ ",.J r" 
then h may burst in compl t I unannounc d . 

ear h warrants are used much mor xtensively in 
r(' id nee sealche althou 'h, be <luse unlik an auto, 
the house' isn' t very mobile and th ourt f I it ' more 
r(>asonable to g t a sear h warrant. t tim I will 
proce d in to what mak s up a arch warrant and how 
a "t I phonic" ar h warrant i obtain d. 

Pag 3 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Time 



Opinion 

Ethics for Brave New World 
By Laurence Winn 

Science Editor 
Before he died in 1916, 

the American historian and 
philo opher Henry Brooks 
Adams gave us the 
following indictment of 
science. 

"My belief," he wrote, 
"is that science is to wreck 
us, and that we are like 
monkeys monkeyi ng with a 
loaded shell ; we don't in 
the least know or care 
where our practically in-
finite energies come from 
or will bring us to." 

It isn't hard, even, now, 
to find similar sentiments 
among non- cienti ts and 
even among scientists, 
many of whom have begun 
to doubt the wi sdo m 
and/or beneficence of 
those who will apply the 
results of their work. 

" Brave ew World" has 
become a cliche descrip-
tion of man's society at 
some juncture, presumably 
not too far off, when the 
life sciences will have 
developed a technology of 
control. Control to what 
end is, of course, the 
sticking point. Let us, 
therefore, examine a new 
ethic for the twenty-first 
century. That ethic: sur-
vival. 

Population Climb 
In the fifteen hundred 

years following the birth of 
Christ, Earth's human pop-
ulation doubled, rising 
from a quarter to a half 
billion. It doubled again in 
th next two hundred 
years, then in eighty. The 
present doubling time is 
thflty-five years, and the 
United Nations predicts a 
world population of 6.5 to 
B.S billion in the year 2000. 

Obviously, that kind of 
population growth can't go 
on forever. There has to be 
a finite limit, and the 
limiting factor is available 
food. 

Sixty percent of the 
world is starving. Because 
food production is likely to 
keep pace with population 
growt h, as it has for the 

pa~t twenty years, the 
p rc ntage of the starving 
will probably remain un-
changed during the enti re 
s cond millenium aft r 
Christ. What will change is 
thf' number of the starvi ng. 
It will double. 

W can predict, by 
ob crving oth r animal 
populations, what man 
may expect to encounter as 
he pu shes hIs population 
level high~r and higher 
above t~ a t optimum 
numb r w,i h his native 
planet can .npifinitely sup-
port. Elimi'late predators 
from a ~ iven animal 
mino o' and the 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOp BANK 

, 327 F. Street 
~PAYS DONORS 

for service I 
C T u .-Fri. 

9:45-5 :30 
Sat. 9:3065:30 

Clos d Sun. & Mon. 
233-6328 

1 

number of former prey 
grows on an exponent ia l 
curve with time, the rate of 
doubling itst!lf doubling. 
They begin consuming 
food far more rapid ly than 
nature can suppl y it, and at 
some point on the growth 
curve all the resources are 
consumed. Famine ensues. 
All but the strongest and 
the best foragers perish 
and the population drops 
almost vertically to well 
below the former 
equilibrium with nature. 
Biologist call this a pop-
ulation "crash." 

Man has been able to 
forestall his imminent crash 
only by a prodigious ex-
penditure of natural 
resources, mainly in the 
form of fossil fuels. Using 
su h fuels, and the power 
of electricity derived from 
their use, he has been able 
to mechanize his food 
gathering processes and to 
transport food and other 
necessitiec. to centers of 
rO'1sumption. But our 
heritage from the Devo-
nian Period of coal and oil 
formation is dwindling, 
and the dawn of a nuclear 
age is still little more than a 
glimmer on the horizon. 
We know how to use the 
atom, but we are 
agonizingly slow to put it 
to work. 

In any case, technology, 
including atomic 
technology, is a benefit 
reserved for th 
prosperous spots on Earth . 
The bulk of humanity can-
not have it. For technology, 
you need capital. And 
capital is what is left after 
the immediate needs of a 
society have been met. Un-
fortunately, most societies 
cannot even begin to me t 
their most pressing needs, 
yet the impoverished mul -
titude is precisely that seg-
ment of humanity which 
expands most from year to 
year. 

Thi is the sum of the 
debits: lack of sufficient 
food, lack of sufficient fuel 
and/or capital t o 
mechanize food gathering 
and transportation univ r-
sally, and lack of foresight 
in the matter of conversion 
to nucl ar power. Finally, 
there are too many of us 
naked apes. Our numbers 
frustrate every attempt to 
improv th quality of our 
lives, and it would s em 

that our birth rate must 
diminish . Or our death rate 
increase. 

Contraception 
Faced with the choice of 

universal con traception or 
universal famine, we can-
not hesitate to choose the 
former. Having made the 
choice, it remains but to 
select the method. 

Present contraceptives 
rely on what should not be 
relied upon - the con-
tinuing cooperation of in-
dividuals. Most contracep-
tives, moreover, are expen-
sive, which rules out thei r 
use in cou ntries like Mex-
ico, where the birth rate is 
phenomenal and th e 
average annual inco me 
n gligible. 

The ideal contraceptive 
could be administered 
either once and for all or 
regu larly and universally 
without consent. On e 
pos ibility is that of adding 
estrogen-like compounds 
to drinking water. Another, 
studied at New York's 
Rockefeller Center and 
elsewhere, involves im-
munology. It seems likely 
that science will soon be 
able to induce immune 
reaction specific for the 
hormones which control 
ovulation or antibodies 
specific for the embryo'S 
placenta. Presumably, such 
contraceptives would have 
to be administered only 
once by injection. 

L· t us assume, then, that 
we will somehow be able 
to stabilize Earth's popula-
I ion before it is too late. 
Stabililation can be 
achieved, we are told, only 
if the average number of 
hildren per couple does 

not exceed 2.3. 
In his important book, 

Man, Medicine, and En-
vironment, Rene Dubos 
warns us of the possible 
cons qu nces of mass con-
tra eption . "Such low birth 
rates (2.3 per couple)," he 
writes, "would leave little 
room for the operation of 
the' selective forces that 
have maintained the 
genetic characteristi s of 
the human race in the 
past... the prospects are 
sufficient ly alarming to 
render imperative and 
urgent a scientific study of 
medical and socia l 
methods of prev nti ng 
genetic deterioration." 

Dubos's thesis reeks of 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 

Serving Pizza, Ravioli, Spaghetti 
-hi ken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P. M.) 

t ~J "- min SOC d('hvery Ch;Hgf') 

50¢ Off 
Any Pizza 

3304 Governor Dr. 
in University City 

at Regents Rd. 
Call 453-3177 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

thaI bad word, eugenics, 
but ' the preceding 
argu m e nts are all the 
justification some future 
body of presidents, 
premiers, or world con-
trollers will need for the 
institution of regulated and 
quality-controlled fact ory 
production of human 
beings. 

Gurdon's Process 
The means already exists, 

or very nearly does, almost 
exactly as Aldous Huxley 
envisioned it in Brave New 
World. 

In the projected 
biological technology of 
600 A.F. (After Food), a 
single egg can be made to 
bud and bud again until 
ninety-six genetically id n-
tical latent beings are 
produced. Thi s is 
Bokanovsky's Proces s, 
"one of the major in-
strum nts of social 
stability." 

During the first century 
A.F., circa 1970 A.D., ex-· 
periements performed at 
Oxford University in 
England raised serious 
questions about th 
reproduction of man into 
his identical imag . Th ex-
perimenter' s name was 
John Gurdon, however , 
not Bokanovsky. (Reader 
take note. Future 
generations may owe their 

;::: 
:::: 
".' 

:=:: 
.:.: 
:::: 

~~~~ 
:::: 
.... 

.•.. 

~~ ~~ 
:::: 

Downtown 
Discount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

t Enjoy local, personal 
:::: service for all 

~:~: your camera needs. 

[l[lBob Davis 
:::: 
:::: Camera Shop 
:::: 

~~~~ 
,',' 
.... 

:::: 

~~~~ 
,',' 

" A SpeCI~list In 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

r .... ;.;.:.:.;.;.:.;::.:::.:.::::;::.;.::::::::::::;.:" . 

Photo by Dr. Gabriel Khudr. OB/GYN 

existence to Gurdon 's 
Process.) 

Frog eggs wer used in 
the experiments b cause 
of their availability, con-
venien t size, and resistance 
to microsurgery. 

After killing an egg's 
resident nucleus by irradia-
tion , Gurdon 
microsurgically implanted 
the nucleus of an intestinal 
ce ll taken from a tadpole of 
th sa me species . Th e 
result was a developed tad-
pole gent ically identi cal to 
the tadpole that had 
provided the transplanted 
nucleus. This asexual 
method of reproduction is 
ca lled cloning. 

The notion of human 
cloning seemed far-
fetched at first, the human 
egg being inconveniently 
small (a tenth the size of a 
frog egg) and relatively in-
accessible. But now, accor-
ding to one scientist, "If 
th matter proceeds in its 
current nondirected 
fashion, a human being 
born of clonal reproduc-
tion most like ly will appear 
within the next twenty to 
fifty years, and even sooner 
if some nation should ac-
tively promote the ven-
ture ." 

THE ULTIMATE 
TRIP Newsweek 
UNBELIEVABLE 
EXPERIENCE unl~n 
VOYAGE TO THE 
OUTER PLANETS 
GARDEN ISLE 

Reuben H Ft I Space 
Th ater nd SCI nc enter 
BalbOa Park by rne Fcunram 
238 t233 
Show Times Monday-Friday 
230400 7 30900 Salurd y 
to 30 I 2 00 t 30 3 00 4 30 
7 30 00 Sunday t 2 30 2 00 
330 500730900 

In The Biological Tim e 
Bomb, Gordon Rattray 
Taylo r predic t s th e 
development of a true 
body factory by the y.ear 
2000 . B y then, th e 
regu lated mass manufac-
ture of human beings may 
be the only acceptable 
answer to over-population . 

The Answer 
In the twentieth century 

ethic, the ethic that pla ces 
su rvival of the spirit about 
surviva l of the bod y, 
eugenics, involunta ry con-
tracep tives, ane baby fac-
tories seem intolerable. By 
that standard , perh aps 
Adams was right. Perhaps 
science has a I ready 
wrecked us. Science has, 
after all , made possible the 
survival of the billions who 
now, paradoxically, 
threaten humanity with 

. near extinction. 
Still, one is tempted to 

think that the problem 
only seem insoluble. 
Given t ime, perhaps, The 
Answer will present itself 
politely and say, " Here I 
am." 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper. motor 
home and mobile home 
toans. Our "Automa -
tion" (Auto Informat ion 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer d iscounts and 
market values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Un ion makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

UniverSity & State ElTl p~"Yt!eS1 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297-1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

Page 5 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Times 



Madrid's Case and 
Affirmative Action: Women 
and Minorities 

Th. opinions .xpressed on Ihese pages are Ihose of Ihe oUlhors whose names oppear in Ih. bylines ond do not 
necessarily r.flect the views of Ihe TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring 10 submil mol.riol 10 b. published on these page. 
should send il to Ih. Ediloriol Direclor. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blok. Holi. UCSD. 

Vietnam: 
What Kind of Peace?? 

Ron Nachman 
I find it necessary to reply to the San 

Diego Indochi na Peace Campaign's 
ludricrous and inconprehensive com-
mentary concerning the recent Peace 
-Agreement in Vietnam (specifically the 
article in the Tuesday, April 3, 1973 TI). 

The article in question is riddled with 
half-truth and incomprehensive 
research, and one gets the feeling that 
they represent a cheerleading section 
for Hanoi government policy. I think its 
appropriate to counter their contentions 
and to offer my own set of " Myths and 
Facts" . 

Myth: As Jane Fonda, Joan Bae7, Rev. 
Coffin, Ramsey Clark, Prof. George 
Wald, etc. have testified from "first-
hand observation," the North Viet-
namese h,lVe given our P.O.W.'s 
"lenient and humane treatment." 

FACT: The illusion of humane treat-
ment was completely shattered two 
weeks ago as the last of the prisoners 
returned home and restraints on com-
ment were unshorn. Colonel Kasler, 
held (or 6112 years in Hanoi's prisons, 
com mented that he was severely tor-
tured to consent to appear before 
various "peace" delegations and press 
conferences. At one point after being 
tortured by the rope and iron treatment 
in which iron manacles were screwed 
down to the bone and shoulders were 
tied back to the point of dislocation, 
Colonel Kasler described the beating he 
received in Time magazine - " It was 
around 7 a.m. on a Su nday. Four guards 
came in and put me on my knees. They 
began slapping me around. Soon they 
were using their fist s, and one of them 
pulled out a fan belt and began beating 
me with it. One blow by a fist on the ear 
ruptured my eardrum . Blood was 
pouring down my head. A kick popped 
one of my ribs. They turned into mad 
dogs. They began smashing my head 
against the concrete floor, kicking my 
bad leg. It went on (or three hours. I 
think some other guards finally had to 
stop them." 

" I lay in a stupor for three days. I was 
in terrible pain . They had dislodged the 
iron pin in my leg during the beating, 
and it was shoved three-quarters of an 
inch up into my hip. My mouth was so 
bruised that I cou ld not open my teeth 
for five d.1YS." 

He als(, related that he had seen 
severa l prisoners tortured and finally 
believed along with most of the 
P.O .W.'s, that the S5 men listed as 
having di _d in captivity by Hanoi wer 
tortured \0 dco h. 

What has Jane Fonda, et. al. to say to 
this? Well she righteously contends that 
our P.O .W .'s are " hypocri tes and liars" 
and that the " North Vietnamese govern-
ment had no policy of torturing 
prisoners." How can she say this on the 
basis of an escorted, carefu lly planned 
tour of some P.O.W . quarters and their 
occupants? She never seemed to suspect 
that she was being duped and taken to 
showcase examples. Even after past ex-
perience with torture relegated by Com-
munist captors in the Korean War and 
during the Pu eblo incident, she 
suspected nothing. . 

Colonel Robinson Risner testified Oc-
tober 15, 1969 as the date prisoner life 
began showing improvement. In Time 
magazine's word, "The credit for the 
change seems to belong to all the peo-
ple who tried at about that time to focus 
world attention on the pl ight of the 
P.O.W.s - Pre~idenl Nixon, the wives of 
the P.O .W .s, Congress and the media." 
It justifiably gave no credi t to the 
counterprod uctive influence of the 
peace groups. 

Perhaps the San Diego Indochina 
Peace Campaign should re-examine the 
integrity and worthiness of the Hanoi 
government they are championing. 

Myth: The Saigon government in-
itiated cease-fire violations and remains 
the most fl agrant violator of the accords 
in contrast to the pious North Viet-
namese troops in the south (code-
named PRG). 

fACT: The day and the day after the 
cease-fire became effective, all major TV 
networks news presentations and Time 
magazine at the time reported that over 
100 villages were se ized by a red offen-
sive after the stated beginning of the 
ceasefi re. In order to take offensive 
action against that many villages, one 
must actively initiate fighting (violation). 
Si nce that ti me, Saigon has justifiably 
retaken this territory. 

As the cease-fire progressed it became 
impossible to lay blame for initiation on 
either side, as the ICC was unable to 
take observation positions. By most ac-
cou nts, both sides are actively par-
ticipating in violations. 

The Campaign 's article stated "".that 
there ha no t been a Single case in which 
a foreign journalist witn essed PRG 
forces "init ia ting a violation". The key 
wo rds here are foreign journalists, 
which have not had the experience nor 
the duration of their America n counter-
part. Ameri can journalist, however, have 
reported Vipt Cong violations. 

••••••• ••••••• ••• •••• r-----------------------------------------------
: Baja Kit ; - • 
: Discount Coupon: 
• • 

fun-stop 
shopping : 4 Styles 5 % Off K its : • 

• 

• 
• 

· • 

· • 

· • 

Accessories 
purchased with kits 

20% Off 
Fiber Mex 
283 Broad way, 
Ch u la Vista 

• Al'tiques, books. candles. founl~ i ns, lewelry. leolher, mocrom~, 
pOI nl i ngs, pols-in fact, everything for the per.son who doesn t 
hOlle ellery thing . 3780 Mission 8lvd. In old MISSion 8eoch. Phone 

• 488-3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 om 109:00 pm-Fri . 11 :30 om 
• to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 om to 5:30 pm-Sun. 11:30 om 10 5:30 pm. 

: YABYUm 
· ...... ... .. ... ... .. .. 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

NORTH STAR News Service 
The Chancellor's Affirmative Action 

Advisory Committee decided un-
animously to look into Dr. Arturo 
Madrid's tenu re denial at their meeting 
of March 27. On other matters, t he 
Committee divided itself into Sub-
Comminees for the purpose of in-
vestigating the Academic and Staff sec-
tors of the University on thei r employ-
ment practices as they apply to Women 
and Minorities. 

After a thorough investigation the 
Chancellor's Affirmative Action Ad-
visory Committee will report on u n-
derutilization, goals and timetables as 
existi ng, or lacking, in various Academic 
and Staff Departments, universi tywide. 
After a review by the Vice-Chancellor 
for Academic Affairs and the Chancellor 
the recommendations will go to Presi-
dent Charles Hitch, who is coordinati ng 
the Affirmative Action Program for thp 
Federal Government within the UC 
System. 

After calling to order the meeting Dr. 
Juan Iguerabide, newly appointed 
Chairperson, summarized the present 
status of the Chancellor 's Affirmative 
Action Advisory Committee. According 
to him, the Committee is assuming a 
position of credibility, lines of com-
mu nica tions are being established with 
the Administration, and the Committee 
is receiving the academic approval of 
the University as a whole. Recent direct 
influence by the Committee includes 
the recruitment of a Person nel Manager 
and the re tention of Prof. Lee Brightman 
at UCSD for the Spring quarter. 

But Prof. Yguerabide articulated that 
the past involvement of the Committee 
has brought upon him dire stress. All 
matters involving the Committee have 
been relegated to him only and he saw 
the need for others to participate in the 
process . He proposed that 'th e 
Chacellor's Affirmative Action Advisory 
Committee shou ld be divided into Sub-
Committees for the purpose of in-
vestigati ng the University of California 
Affirmative Action Personnel Program -
Policy and Program Guidelines. Because 
of his research studies and teaching, Dr. 
Yguerabide needs to limit the amount of 
time he ca n dedicate to the Committee. 

Dr. Yguerabide was involved in the 
hiring process of a Personnel Manager 
and in the retention of Dr. Lee Bright-
man . H e counseled directly with 
members of the Administration alter the 
urgi ng by different UCSD constituencies 
who had an interest in both cases. 

The duties of the Sub-Committees are 
the following : gather the facts of each of 
their areas and make recommendations. 
The information and recommendations 
will then be set to goals and timetables, 
both for the Academic and Staff seetors. 
Recruitment throu gh advertisement will 
be th e desi red resu lts of the recommen-
dations by the Committee. 

The Sub-Committees are: 1) Affir-
mat ive Action Policy and Procedure, 2) 
Goal and Timetables Academic and 
Staff, 3) Recruitments and Adver -
ti sements for Staff and Academic 
Open i ngs, 4) Trainin g Programs, 5) 
Grievences, 6) Daycare, 7) Job Analysis, 

Most recently the Viet Cong shot 
down an unarmed International Control 
Commission helicopter. 

MYTH : President Theiu is actively 
attempting to delay andlor abolish the 
(ree elections called for in the Peace 
Agreement. 

FA C T: As Tim e states "(Because) 
Saigon claims control of 90% of South 

MICKJAGGER 
THE ROLLING STONES 

GIMME 
SHELTER 

IKE '"'" flNA flJIIN!R "'" , .. JtfFIllSON AtRrt ANE 

Pay Equity, 8) Pulic Relations, 9) 
Graduate Studies, and 10) Statistics 
Monitoring. 

Dr. Yguerabide forewarned the Sub-
Committee Chairperson, " W e're 
digging more stuff tjan we can . Iook 
into." He expects the Sub-Committees 
to do thei r best. 

M~drid's Case 
Next question under considerat ion 

was Dr. Arturo Madrid's denial of tenure 
by Paul Saltman . 

Dr. M adrid was originally recru ited 
three years ago as an Assistant Professor 
by the Spanish section of the literature 
Department. Eversince, he has been 
deeply involved in the development of 
Th ird College and the Sian ish literatu re 
Cepartment. Recently, Dr. Madrid was 
offered a department chairmanship at 
Minnesota University with tenure . 
Because of important work at UCSD, he 
was recommended for tenure by the 
Spanish literature Department in order 
to keep his services. 

Dr. Madrid's nomination for tenure 
received the backing of the Spanish 
literature Department, the Dean of 
Graduate Studies, Movimiento Estudian-
til Chicano de Aztlan (MECHA), the 
UCSD-American Federation of Teachers 
Loca l and Provost Joseph Watson, but 
Paul Saltman denied him tenure. 

Dr. Yguerabide considers Dr. Madrid 's 
case a "very serious matter." Therefore, 
he moved that the Chancellor's Affir-
mative Action Advisory Committee hold 
a closed meeting. He believes that the 
crucial question facing the Committee is 
what procedures will be used to 
eva luate Women and M inorities for 
ten ure. 

The general belief was expressed that 
the outcome of the hearing would help 
in determining how Women and 
Minorities will be eva luated si nce they 
usually have to get involved in extra 
curriculum activities. 

In the past, Women and Minorities 
have dismi sse d alleged lack of 
scholarship qualification. Such was the 
case with Prof. Gracia de Pick and Dr. 
Dagmar Barnouw, and, currently, Dr. 
Ismit h Kahn, Prof. Lee Brightman and 
Dr. Arturo Madrid face the sa me dif-
fi cu lties. 

The general belief was expressed that 
th e future of many Minorities and 
Women Professors at UCSD is on the 
line. Consequently, the Chancellor's Af-
firmative Action Advisory Commi ttee is 
establishing the role it will play. 

According to Dr. Ygueribade, the 
closed hearing is only " an exercise to 
find out how decisions are made." But, 
Assistant Professor Arthur Diaz objects 
and feels that " the Committee should 
take a strong stand and make 
recommendations." He believes that 
that is the purpose of the Committee, 
the outcome will be seen . 

As of this article, Paul Saltman is yet to 
agree in showing up at closed hearings. 
Dr. Madrid, in a letter to Dr. Yguerabide, 
has agreed to be present and to reveal 
personal information. It is expected that 
Sa ltman will show up since he accepted 
the responsibility fo r denying tenure to 
Dr. Madrid . 

Viet Nam's popu lat ion, it is p ressing fo r 
the national elections required to be 
held as ea rly as possible." The sta tement 
in the Indochina Peace Campaign's arti-
cle that Nixon fears a Viet Cong take-
over through the free elections. is 
defunct by Time, which stated that at 

continued on page 14 

ACADEMY ~ _____ .. 
:1721 IJNlv[A~ ' Y Avt lK4 tOao 

' I WAS ALWAYS THANKfUL HE WASN'T A 'OLITICAL CARTOONISTI' 

Editor: 
Recent controversy over the creation 

vs. evo lut ion problem underlines the 
need fo r an intell igent and critical 
reconciliatio n of science and rel igion. 
There is o n ly one Truth; to clai m that 
science and religion m ust be separate is 
a cowardly skirting of the issue. If 
religion is to be intelligible and respec-
table, it must be scientific: which is not 
to say that all .phenomena must be 
reduced to the movements of atomic 
particles, but rather that religious ter-
minology must be made precise, its 
tenets self-consistent; and the relation 
between spiritua l an d physical reality 
must be explained, thus making rel igion 
subject to experimenta l verification. 
Otherwise re ligion becomes merely a 
comfortable lie or a soothing pablum of 
meaningless phrases. It is time to return 
to the spirit of the seventeenth century, 
when scientists of the scope and caliber 
of Descartes, Leibnitz, and Newton saw 
no artificial boundary between science 

and religion. For this purpose, the Socie-
ty for Scientific Spirituality has recently 
been formed; it is starting an important 
journal to be published semi-monthly. (I 
have listed below the table of contents 
and abstracts from the first edition.) It 
intends to present the best experimental 
and speculative work that is being done 
by spiritually-concerned scientists and 
intellectuals today. If you wish to sub-
scribe, send $5.00 to 

Bob Jones University Press 
401 Sesame St. 
Sherman's Ass, Georgia 

The Journal of the Society 
for Scientific Spirituality 

Arthur Godfrey, Editor 

" There are more rhings on 
Heaven and Earth, Horatio. 
than are dreamt of in your 
philosophy." - F. Bacon 

~ 

The Journal of the Society 
for Scientific Spirituality 

Arthur Godfrey, Editor 
Contents and Abstracts Bemmie Theo ry - A Refutation 

Ontology - concerning the spiritual T. Kantor 
world and its relations to the physical Demonstrates conclusively that Bemmie 
world . theory (D. Hartline, T.T. 1973i and pt:r-
Ant i-Sexist Results in Human Soul pie Nevircs (ibid.) are merely the 
Research fabrication of a shallow atheist attemp-

Gloria Steinem ting to deny the majestic sovereignty of 
Previous Papal bulls have maintained God and Our Lord Jesus Christ. Despite 
that the soul enters the fetus of a male at extensive search, no footprints or 
six weeks, and of a female at three ' acheological artifacts of bemmies have 
months. This result had no experimental ever been found. The theory that "in-
fou ndation w hatsoever, being merely a visible purple nevircs" ". "control the 
fantasy of sexist priests. The following world" is obviou~ly a logical impossibili -
experiment was run at Vassar College to ty, since our bodies are manifest ly 
decide the matter. Special apparatus was governed by the Free will of our Immor-
designed which enabled a small speaker tal Souls. 
and ca mera to be placed near a The Marvelous Adaptati ons o f 
developing fetus. Andy Williams songs Living Creatures 
were piped through the speaker while Sky King, Ph .D. 
the camera recorded movements of the Further proof of creation by a divine 
fetus . The first signs of nausea in the intelligence. The adaptations discussed 
fet us indicated that the soul had include the stinging cells of jelly fish , the 
entered. Experiments on a group of over needle-like fangs of sharks, the venom 
a hundred fetuses yield these results : of rattlesnakes, the sucker mouths of 
average age of soul entry in male - 12.8 lampreys, digestive juices in pelicans, 
weeks, in female - 11.9 weeks. Sur- scent glands in skunks, and intelligence 
prisi ngly, it was found that several in man. 
fetuses of each sex never showed any God's Infinite Goodness and Mercy 
signhof nausea'fup to andbafter birth. Two R. Job, S.J. 
of t ese were ound to e deaf, but the A sermon on the text - " The fool hath 
other three are apparently genuine 
sou lless mutants. continued on page 11 

Friday Films 
Filmore 

, Poen (short) 

75¢ -7:30&10:00p.m. 
Saturday Films 

Potemkin 
10 Days that 

Shook the World 

50¢ 
-7:30 only 

Both Movies are in 2722 BSB 

I.l.., 

, 

Burning To Go to Grand Canyon 
Ingrid Kohn 

Of the eight who, by the skin of th eir 
teeth (and knees) made it up Baja 's 
Mount Diablo and back last spring, a 
contingency of four set out again this 
year. Lance Grindle, Keith Rose, Mary 
Koide and myself decided to spend five 
days hiking and basking in the Arizona 
su n at the Grand Canyon. 

Before we set out, I wondered absent-
ly in what way our exersion would not 
work out as planned . I wasn't long in 
finding out. Sometime around midnight 
of that cold and windy Sunday, LA an 
hour and a half of freeway driving 
behind us, the engine of Mark 's '67 VW 
bus chocked, sputtered, and died. " Car 
trouble already" I thought, and sup-
pressed a groan. I needn't have; Lance, 
whose language is usually restricted to 
" hecks" and " darns" was cu rSing far 
more interestingly and loudly. 

Car trouble it was. Keith jumped out 
to see what was wrong, and the next 
thing we heard was "everbody out ! The 
engine's on fire!" Half an hour later, the 
fire truck pulled away . The four of us, 
and our gear, stuffed into and on the 
back of a tow truck, headed towards the 
nearest phone . I could still see those 
terrible flames lighting the night, and 
the smoke obscuring the freeway. And 
recall the nau seating smell as the tires 
exploded and burned ... Hauled by the 
tow-truck were the remains of Mark's 
bus - may it rest in peace - burned to a 
crisp. 

Trying not to take our first mis-hap as 
an omen of what was to come, we set 
out again the next day, this time in 
Lance's pick-up, a green, ex-forrester 
truck . I was all set to take on the Grand 
Canyon, armed with sun-tan lotion and 
a hat. We pulled into Williams, sixty 
miles south of our destination, 4 A.M. 
Tuesday. Lan ce and I were taking our 
turns in the back of the truck, burried 
under sleeping bags, tarps - and even 
ever-thickening layer of snow. Shivering 
and miserable, we staggered into the 
one open cafe of that glorious town. It 
consisted of a single cra mped cou nter, 
run by an obese lady with bleached hair. 
There we sat and drank coffee. Feeling 
like hell and looking worse, to await the 
arrival of snow-plow and daylight. 

The plowed roads were still slippery; 
we clipped along at a speedy 1S mph 
towards the Grand Canyon ranger sta-

tion, to find out what - if any""::: of our 
hike could yet be salvaged . I must admit 
I was somewhat incredu lous wh n we 
actually started won the trail towards our 
first campsite . 

Sun-tan lotion and hal were soon 
forgotten ; the weather the first few days 
was cold and wet. Keith had his down 
jacket, Mark his impenetrablc army 

. poncho . Lance wore the latest style of a 
Martian rain-suit - plastiC jacket and 
pants, and a pointed hood. I, equipped 
for neither rain nor cold, bundled up in 
every sweater I'd brought, and con-
verted my shocking-pink socks to 
mittens. 

Seven adventureers from UC River-
side followed a route similar to ours. 
One rain y day about noon, we con-
verged at a campsite. We all pulled oul 
our lunches - we, our soup, dried fruit , 
and nuts, they, French bread and 
reconstituted egg salad, which after onE' 
glance, I declined to sample. We stood 
around under a mammouth overhang, 
wondered if th rain would stop, and 
generally ho-hummed for awhile. On an 
impulse, one of the women from the 
UCR group put a blade of grass between 
her thumbs, and blowing, created a 
sound not unlike that of a dying crow. 
That did it. Within one minute, most of 
us were cawing on grass blades. expec-
ting the skies to darken as every crow in 
Arizona answered the call . 

The crows must have been scared, 
poor things, wondering what was ailing 
their quasi-brethren. Evidently the 
heavens were traumatized too, because 
as we hiked on the rain stopped. 

The nex t couple of days were , 
relatively speaking, boring. In other 
words, pleasurable, back-packing, sun-
basking, canyon-viewing days. Mark's 
thing was to leave camp in the morning, 
before the rest of us, and to jog, pack 
and all, to the next site. Keith took 
hundred s of scenic photos, and 
tolerated my joking with considerable 
difficulty. I complained to Lance about 
how heavy my pack was, and he, suf-
fering from a cold, croaked back sym-
pathetic replies . The day of our hike, a 
couple of hours from the top, storm 
clouds gathered . And, sure enough, the 
Grand Canyon sent us off as it had 
greeted us; with a snow storm. 

triton times 
"~ l be du bb" ~ oh 8~h.l1 rffld(>r. yol! 11f' g~f'n .. vU8gf>n" 
Editor-in-Chief . . ... Carny Sharick 
City Editor . ....... Carrie Rickey 
Managing Editor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor .. Debbie Montgomery 
Business M~na8er . Michael Greene 
Editorial Director ... . Mark Siegel 
Arts Edilor .... .. .. Tom lindberg 
Sports Editor . . .... Michael Ralh 
Photography Editor . Malcolm Smith 
Science Editor .... . . . larry Winn 
Secretary . . .. ..... Corinne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor .. Kalhy Kuenzi 
Assodale Cily Editors . Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr. . . Michael Wyer 
Assl. Sporls Editor .. . .. Mark Liska 

News Deputmenl 
Karen Armitage 
Hannah Cohe n 
Greg Hicks 
Greg Moser 
TimO' eil 
Kalhv Redding 
laura Scudder 
Sports Dep.utment 
Che ryl Eillon 
John le l cvier 
Dave Phill ips 
Pal Slacy 
Mark Yo un g 
Doug Seanan 
Arts Depin'menl 
Glen Gentle 
Charles Hyde 
Greg Leonard 
'<"§line Michel 
Hank teiman 
Charles Unk .. less 
Brandon Wander 

Copy Readers 
Karen Gl ick 
Barbara Randa ll 
Artists 
Co rk y M . Cacas 
Photography 
Daryl Am5ter 
Joe Easl e rn 
George f ishf"r 
lc\;e Harper . 

Jo hn M u well 
Production 
J,m Charley 

harl ,e He,mler 
Jane l KI ~inkauf 
Brooke Jarrett 
David Marcus 
Andy Rog .. rs 
M,chael Sesma 
8udnHs Deputmenl 
Carr o l Bowden 

ancy ManCino 
Andy Rogers 
Don na Yamamoto 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized a. a studenl newspaper by Ihe Communica -
tion Boa,d of the Uni.ersily of California, San Diego, Building 250, Mallh.w. Campu., h 
Jolla. California 9lOl7. Publica lion is Iwice we.kly on Tu.sdays and Fridays. Office are 
localed in Room 117, Blake Hall, Reven. Campus. For adverlising phone 45J-8722, or 

. 45l-2000 ~1017' for ediloriat or news phone ~ 1016. Opinions e.pre .ed in ad.er-thiement~ .re th~se of the advE'rtiser ~nd deo nol necfssuily reflect th e opinion of the 
TRITON TtMES. 

rype<('Iring bv For otype 

uc---------------------- ~ tfNI~ Cillel1l3 
SO 
T ALENT/VARI ETY 

SHOW 
Date -- April 14 ( at.) 

Place - Revd le afeteri a 
Time - :30 P 

admi sion FREE 

~ E"""'\Q< rn, Qtlw·n 1t1., ~ 

I~ :~~~:;.oo .;.TOlUCCI s I THE SPIDER'S STRATAGEM ~ ,.('1\94 Itl,'~~ 'd ~ 
l II ~ "iglv ()p .' lu :1 1 I 
.;::nq J)< "..a' ill d ~J' f.IUdIIP Ifd,JrT'lI>f1I ~ 
TIlE Il'JES ACCORDIN' TO 
lIGHnIN' HOPKINS 
100& lt~ If,,l p,q &Vl 

Sa' Jrda~ Mld!1 lfll 
T NocIuInoI c.n.m. 
rU Cllnn 
All ~ 'II I RnM "-h r'lq 
ThoR noS"", .. . ." , lQ"I 
jrm HPndllX • Olf ... Red(M-<J b Van.lla F~ . Joe COcH'f · T"II(: M.~*omalll.rl THE GOSPEL AtCOIIDlIIIi TO SAINT MAmEW ~ ::~:::~ ____ _ _____ - 7456LaJoDa~vd. 459·434.l 

Page 7 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Times 



Movie-Child in Filmland 
Derek Dewees 

I h Ippened to drive past the Fine Arts Theatre a few 
hours before it opened . That spot of Wilshire 
Boulevard sidewalk was unusually empty and I could 
see clear through the huge glass doors and into the 
lobby. Smog-colored popcorn wrapped in plastic bags 
labelled in red and blue' popcorn is funcorn" was 
mountained shoulder high everywhere. Perhaps, I 
thought, the theatre manager was making an allusion 
to the bureaucrat in "The Conformist", whose office is 
covered wall to wall in walnut shells. But by the time I 
gave up my precious $4.50 ticket, purchased weeks 
before, for my nearly back-row reserved seat, the 
popcorn was all gone. All, that is, gone except for the 
little piles of it on the aisle floors and the bags of it that 
the very important looking Jewish men, surrounded by 
platoons of smartly uniformed ushers, self-indulgingly 
~hoved i~ their mouths . I knew then that the people 
Involved In this magical love-affair with "last Tango In 
Paris" weren ' t the same ones that loyally pursued " The 
Conformist" from arthouse to arthouse . And I should 
have known then that this Director Bernardo Bertoluc-
ci wasn't the steadfast genius that I believed he was, but 
had become glutted and a bit self-indulgent himself. 

In fact , with all of the earth trembling advanced 
news : TIME 's and NEWSWEEK's cover stories, the music 
played on midnight talk shows for months now, the 
smashing success in Paris, the obscenity trials in Italy, 
and of course the cries that have compared it to 
everything from "Deep Throat" to " Obsecione"; one 
feels it's as important to say what "Last Tango" isn't as 
\0 say what it is. It isn't" a movie people will be arguing 
about for as long as there are movies", even though 
Pauline Kael says it is. If one were to argue about the 
images, over which Bertolucci is a grand master, then 
"The Conformist" is both a far more carefully com-
posed and a far more innovative subject. If one were to 
talk about the explicitness - well nothing's shown that 
hasn 't been shown before, and the dialogue, as new to 
movies as it may be, can be traced to adolescent 
playgrounds - with its lines like " I wish you ha-penis" 
and "go fu ck a pig, you pigfucker." It doesn't "really 
reverse the traditional roles and introduce a woman 
who can enjoy Branda as a sexual object", even though 
Charles Champlin says it does . 

I found it su rprisingly chauvinistic compared to the 
morals of "The Conformist", whose heroine and hero 
had homosexual involvements. Maria Schneider plays a 
role that can be found in a good deal of trash fiction -
the horn y girl who's too reserved to ask for what she 
wants, but 10lles every minute of what, through 
perserverance, she finall y gets. In the end there's a sort 
of role reversal; Brando tells her to cut her fingernails 
and ram her hand up his butt. But the fact that it's 
Brando initiated - he even has to force her to do it -
makes the scene come off more as self-abuse than as 
fe male dominance. 

It isn't th.e film it would have been if the original star, 
Jean- loUiS Trintignant, had played the role . Trin-
tignant is an actor that bends with the character he 
plays - he is primarily visual, concerned with gestures 
and movement which add a surprise and uniquely 
movie element to the acting. Beyond that, he settles 
into his f<?le, playing the confused intellectual trying to 
conform In order to make his non-conformity easier or 
playing the tough cop, out to so lve a murder myst~ry . 
He is suited to a director like Bertolucci, who both 
creat~s i~tricat~ chara~ters that are complete per-
sonalities In their own right, and who is a movie maker 
in the finest sense, concerned with movement and 
image. Trintignant played his role in "The Conformist" 
remakrably well, settling into the complex part of a 
man trying to cope with fa scism in spite of hi s basically 
anti-faSCIst character. Had he played Paul in "Last 
Tango", the Bertolucci creation, with its unsettled 
dichotomous, and ext re mely volatile state of mind: 
might have ca rri ed the movie along. But Branda, with 
his magnetic, utter possession of the role, infuses so 
much Marlon Barndo into the part that it loses the 
subdued, almost weak nature of the Bertolucci 
character that one has come to expect. Instead, Bran-
da's tough guy performance seems askew to the 
touches of Paul that somehow remain; the dialogue, 
each sentence laced with words like "fuck" and "shit" 
is cielivered too harshly for the E"ssentially soft and 
deepl confus d, searching characte r that one senses 
lies b neath it all. 

Film Series Are 
Selling Out! 

r:or your convenience, it is strongly 
r am mended that you buy tickets 
lor the Friday Flicks & Saturday Films 
in advance, as the showings are sei-
ling out at the door. 

Urey Hall Box Office Hours: 
12-5 Tues.-Thurs. 

12-4 Friday cpb 
Closed Mondays 

Page 8 Triton Tim s Friday, April 13, 1973 

Wh~t It Is 
"Last Tango" is (or has become, for it seems that it is 

radically different from the original conception) the 
story of an American man who runs a flophouse hotel 
in Paris. His wife has just committed suicide, and he is 
uncertain, bewildered. While looking at an apartment 
in a mildewed, g reenish old building, with a stairway 
guarded by a crazy Jamaican woman who peers ou t 
from a hundred different hidden windows in a glass 
paned booth, Paul meets Jeanne (Maria Schneider) , 
looking at the same apartment for a retreat from her 
domineering mother's cou ntry estate. The apartment is 
huge and empty. Paul stands in front of windows set 
into a thick, curving plaster wall , and is bathed in 
golden light. Jeanne stands in another room, separated 
by a long hallway, and gloomily ponders over the right 
place for an easy chair in the green-grey darkness. 

Bertolucci establishes these colors - yellow and 
green - early off as the basics for the movie; during 
the subtitles the screen is filled with two Francis Bacon 
portraits of a crumpled man in an easy chair, one done 
in light yellows, the other in dark grey-greens. Ever 
after, the movie is to be filled with one of these two 
colors, and the image usually looks tinted or washed by 
them. 

Paul immediately starts his aggressive dominance of 
Jeanne and they screw on the polished hardwood 
floor. They agree to meet at this place, but are never to 
know each other's names, for Paul is in search of non-
identity and wants to stop Jeanne from finding an 
identity of her own . 

They lead lives away from the terrifyingly aggressive 
sex battles which take place in this empty apartment. 
Jeanne is making a movie with a Lelouch styled 
director, played by Jean-Pierre leaud. She is to marry 
him in two weeks, the date the movie is to be finished . 
Paul has to cope with hi s past; hi s wife's mother comes 
to take care of her daughter's funeral, planning a huge 
family affair and a grandiose religious pageant. Paul, 
who's started the movie off with the line, "Fuck God ", 
doesn ' t approve of the religious plans, screams at her, 
and then breaks down and cries . The mother-in -law is 

horrifi~d but realizes that there's to be no family get-
together and is never seen again. Paul finally starts 
mourning with a Bellochio funeral set up, the casket 
su rrounded by flowers colored deadly blue and purple. 
Jeanne, meanwhile, is just as bothered by her past -
she and her director boyfriend film on location at her 
mother's estate and discuss her father's domineering 
nature - he was a colonel in the army. 

The sections of the film d ealing with these two is 
markedly different. The image, usually cubistically 
fragmented and sectioned, becomes lush and soft, with 
light filtering through trees and rooms cluttered with 
soft easy chairs. It's an insider joke about that kind of 
moviemaking; a parody of the New-Wave belief in 
fluidity and functionality. In other parts of the film, 
Bertolucci 's camera rears around like the sexual-meta-
phor trains that thunder across the Paris skyline -
tracking across empty rooms, dollying to lovers' bodies, 
lubricated with butter and ready for anal intercourse, 
up stairs as lovers quarrel, one i" an open elevator, one 
panting up the steps. It's this kind of desperate, 
consumptive passion that consumes the Paul-Jeann e 
union. They masturbate, swear, sc ream, screw, and 
rape, on and on, seemingly insatiable. Finally, after a 
T.ango contest during wh~ch Paul announces, "It's a 
rite, you know. Watch their legs" and then runs about 
on the dance floor naked; Jeanne, unable to stand this 
anonymous existence in the limbo with him any longer, 
takes her father's gun and shoots off his testicles. 

Straub talks about "film-films" in an essay on his 
movies. Film is an appropriate term to describe the 
proper, staid work he does, but for Bertolucci "movie-
movie" is a better description. He is a child of an age 
which first looked at movies with a ridgidly critical 
examination and his work exhibits, with its refe rences 
to a whole history of movies and directors, this 
awareness of a certain weight of perspective and 
understanding. He is, in a sense, in a meta-New Wave 
or Second Wave position. His film s move quickly, with 
a flash - like a Tango - and are in this sense, truly 
movi s rather than films, for compositional movement, 
even more than image composition itself, is vital. 

But while the references to other directors' work is 
continued on page 12 
~IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII fI 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 II II IIIIIL!! 

1= .1. YiJ!:: ~~d~~~~~~~i :~= 
J~ Chinese Restaurant 

= ~- ..i!!. ~ 10% off dinner !=_ 11 . ~ . ml'nu with rudent I. D. 
, §=_= .i. it 1t r A~ 1~ t1.).t 

Jft ~ ~i ,ft 
itKi #.. ~ 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDA Y LUNCHES 

1017 prosp ct 
LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

filllllllllllllllllllllll'IIIIIIII 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 f,j 

• 
Theater/Don Maker 

and More 
"Monopolis", a "structural drama", is not a nnl ich.. . Kay Ballard, as Rose (the mother), gets the show off 

professional production. The set, acting, and dire(:tiiltlt b ' Id 
looks as if they were put together by talented am 0 a momentum .WI ing first act. The actors sprint 
attempting to rely more on their desire to the stage ~o slng,.dance, and de liver the decrepit 

. h of vaudeVi lle which somehow still managed to 
munl.cate t eir message than knowledge of ke maudlin smiles and laughter. 
And It succeeded far beyond this writer's e The set is a framed suggestion which parts are very well cast, with Gavin Macleod 
con tains the action presented . Usually the scen an e~cell~nt job of Herbie the Agent, and Linda 

. f S nlng IS superlative as Louise (later known as 
qUite unny. ometimes they are poignant and " Gypsy" is a glittering, professional showcase 
alter nating with intellectual or philoso a group of performers well versed in \heir art 
statements. O ccas ionally they are beautifully The second, act is somewhat slower as the act' ors 
They blend and clash and flow into a I ' mere y entertaining and become more human 
segment of life in our society. I 0 B "M I' emotlona . ne gradually r.ealizes that " Gypsy" is 

ut onopo is' is more than a simple than another conglomeration of mediocre music 
criticism. It is a plea for human compassion feet. an.d gene. rally good d ialogue . It is the "true': 
understanding;achallenge tosublimate materialism ( h I I 
world which stresses its importance. For the most h:;t m~.s~:r. 'tt e dramatic license) of a young girl. 
the.actor do not "play" their roles well; they . h their characters. "WIS to trea.' yourself to an evening of 

I . h uh and have. a nice time doing it, "Gypsy" is the 
t IS a "met ad" play done by method actors for you . It Will run until April 29th at the Off 

people who have had little stage experience), wi roadway Theatre downtown . 
emotions being felt. The audience seemed to 
the joys and sorrows which were being generated frorll.---------------------
the stage. And they enjoyed it tremendously. 

The Crystal Palace Theat re in Pacific Beach will 
producing "Monopolis" within the near future. T 
tentative dates are June 8, 9 and 10. If 
chance, try to see it. Not beca use Dana R 
student and compatriot, has written a masterp 
drama. She has put up for exhibition a piece of 
mind and soul, which, for a person with normal hu 
thoug hts and feelinj;l s, is always worth experiencing 
one of the characters warns you, it is an hour you 
soon forget. 

The Off Broadway Theatre has produced a 
which is fast paced, quite funny, and a pleasure 
witness. It is "Gypsy" , the story of a mother. It 
mentions her daullhter, Gypsy Rose Lee. 

171 tim •• a da,. Smile away to Los Angles, San 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burbank, 
Long Beach. And relurn. Call your campus rep or PSA 
about our easy·lo·bear, low fare. PIA gly .. you • 11ft. 

Concert Shorts 
Some concerts to look forward to: Phil Proctor and 

Bergma n of Firesign Theatre fame premeiring 
r "TV l OR Not TV" at the Civic Theatre on April 19' 

Purple, Fleetwood Mac and Rory Gallagher at th~ 
. Arena on Saturday, April 14; Kris Kristofferson 

Rita C?olidge at the Civic Theater on Friday, April 
e Alice Cooper Show at the Sports ARENA ON 
, May 6, along with the Phlorescent Leech and 
the Leon Russell Show at the Sports Arena on 

~ay 11 ; Jazzman Cat Anderson in the Revelle 
eterla on Friday, April 20; Mcleod in the UCSD gym 
April 21; and tonight in the gym, Commander Cody. 

LiUJe 
0--.. 
P.i12A 
1leat 

w. tiki phon. orders 
Phone 453-8455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Gene •• e 

200/0 off for UCSD 
Studentl with ID Circle 

Filmmaker in Residence 
The Project for Music Experiment here at UC:SD is 

currently hosting filmmaker George- Manupelli from 
Toronto's University. For the next ten weeks he will 

~ontin~e work on a film project, Portraits, in conjun -
tlon with the PME. Using the music resources of the 
PME. ~~ ~ill inve.s tigate and reinvestigate the various 
possibilities of mixed media. " I am in the art depart-
ment at Toronto but my work probably fits best with 
the .PME because ":IY films are not very visual. They are 

talkl~s, concentrating on the mechanics of the time 
me?IUm, a.nd that quality lends itself to music ex-
perimentation. 

Univer~ity d~partments have the tendency to slow to 
a standstill, things become fixed . My presence here is 
an attempt to move away from that. We hope to 
complete most of the filmin g and a good deal of the 
soundtrack b.y the end of the quarter, but many things 
can happen In ten weeks time." 

M~nu'pelli taught for ten years at the University brsity 
of Michigan before moving to York University. He has 
made numerous films, including a sequence of four 
featu.re length "Chicago" films, made under the 

auspl~es of. various foundation grants, including the 
American Film Institute, and the Center for Advanced 
Studies at the University of Illinois . "The continuing 
Chicago !>eries does not employ actors as such but 
friends, artists, dancers, sort of a soap opera fo~ the 
undergr?und . The concern is with the "big struggle" 
and particular ly how fo get out of it , they are curious 
characters trying to survive. 

In the roles of curious characters are Alvin Lucier, 
Stev~ Paxton, Mary Ashley, and some familiar to UCSD: 
Pauline Oliveros, Shirley Wong, Betty Wong, and Lynn 
Baron. Bob Ashley, head of the electronics studio at 
Mills College is responsible for much of the music in 
the series. Manupelli's films will be screened this 
weekend in 408 Matthews Campus. Tonight at 8 :30 will 
be "Dr. Chicago" (1968). Saturday at 8:30 will follow 
with " Ride, Dr. Chicago, Ride" (1969). "Portraits Self 
Portraits and Still Lives" (1965-1969) will be shown 

S~nday at 3 p .m. and later, at 8:30, "Cry, Dr. Chicago" 
Will be presented. Admission is free for all screenings. 

Film Strategy 
"In films, persistence of vision deludes you. Noth ing 

really moves; one still frame after another flashes on 
the screen, and the mind interpreted the consecutive 
images as motion. Early audiences ducked when the 
train rored down the camera full speed ahead ; today's 
audiences are too sophisticated to crawl under their 
seats, but the illusion of motion still works." Such is the 
Fade In of "Sharp Focus on Film" a brief guide to 
r~seardh on movies and movie people recently com-
piled by Margo Sasse and Phil Smith of the Cluster I 
Library. The booklet is described as "a strategy to 
uncover reviews, criticism, biographies, and other film 
data in the UCSD libarries" and it includes guidelines 
on using the card catalogue as well as the various 
indices and reference books available on the subject of 
film . This useful booklet is available at all campus 
libraries. 

~ 
,.-~, 

SAT. APRIL 14 7:30 PM 
SAN DIEGO 

IrOB'l'I ABlXA a.!:· ~~ 
TICKHS: $5.50 tN ADVANCE $5.75 AT THE DOOR (Incl"i"l 'arllnl) 

Tickets AVIlI,blt .t ~ Mill Gamble 's Men', Stores. 
~II "renl TlCltl "unties, Sports llrena Tltltl Olfite. 

Ubelly rltkel AI.nel .. ,n L.A. 
ClII221-4t18 fOI l1elol Informltlon 

f'rO(lllIl'l1 h\t Itl\' I lot, ' ...... 1)(1)\'' ... 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
• it 
+: 

• 
• +: 
+: 
+: 
+: 
+: 
.. 

A~a.teurism will r ach a new high Saturday night as 
the rISing stars of UCSD participate in the first annual 
Talent Variety Show in th Revelle Cafteria . Work on 

~he extravaganza has been going smoothly si nce the 
Initial auditions wer held last quarter, and now that 
the editing and polishing of the production is finalized 
a list of fifteen acts of both the musical and non-musical 
variety ~ill perform on stage in competition for the 
cash pnzes of $100, $50, $30, and $20 in musical and 
$100 and $50 for non-musical events. 

Performances will range from dramati c readings, 
mime, and bla ck poetry readings to classical piano, 
bluegrass and flam nco guitar. Bennett McCle llen 
coordinator of the show siad, "We really have som~ 
good people involved in the show. I knew they were 
out there, and I'm happy to say that we ha ve drawn 
them ou . Hopefully this show will be a jumping off 
point for some of these people. They ha ve talent and 
should appeal to man y people." 

Judges for the contest will be Dan Dryden of the 
drama department, Burt Turetzky of the music depart-
m nt, and Cleo Malone of the administratio n. In 
addition, six students will be chosen at random from 
the audience to balance. the votes of the other judges. 
The show begins at 8:30 In Revelle Caf teria ' admission 
is fre e for all. ' 

Saturday Films 
Richard Burton & Pete r O'Toole will be featured this 
Saturday night in "B cket" - 2722 USB at 7:30 P.M. 
Admission is SO¢. 

T~omas Becket is boon compan ion to He nry II and 
owes allegiance onl y to him. To reward Thomas for hi s 
friendship (and to strengthen his own political support) 
Henry makes Becket his Chancellor. In this office, 
Becket betrays his Church for his King. To furth er 
reward th i fri ndship , Henry makes Becke t 
Archbishop of Canterbury. Much to Henry's di sma y, 
Becket takes hi s new position with sober seriousn ss 
because he has found " a real honor to defend - th~ 
honor of God." Tormented that Becket loves his God 
better than his King, Henry has Becket killed then 
declar d a saint. Authentic s ttings and costume of the 
period are magnifiC'ent , as is the acting of Burton and 
O'~oole. The clash between these two strong men -
believable and powerful - makes this film a classic. 

Coffee Concert 
The La Jolla Civic/University Orchestra and Chorus 

Associa tion presents Carol Colburn, noted pianist, in a 
coffee concert, this Sunday at 8 o'clock at the Bishop's 
School , 7607 La Jolla Blvd., La Jolla . 

"T THE GLOBE 

I Nf>lANS 

Brought to life through Vitality 
t nd energy, Indians bursts 
forth In a rousing and bitt er 
s ll uggle. Ma noputa l d by un· 
scrupulous profiteer ... Buffalo 
BI" compromises his !If nd 
love for the Indian nation as 
hIS dr.am of Ilofi I ads to 
n lghlmar is h corruption . 

5& 1 1E 
EVENTS FOR APRIL 

Monday the t6th 
8:30 and t 0:30 
"THE POINT" 

Soundtrack by Harry Nltsson 
-Cr ~ n 

On Thursday the t 9th 
9:30 

musIc by 
HARRISON &, HUNT 

-Cr o(j -Cr 
on Mondal the 23rd 
the great SL rllng Iltm 

"THE ENDlES~: SUMMER" 
plus 2 Belt! Boops 
starlS at ~ 00 

'" Froday th 27th 
Sweet Sounds of 

BLUEGRASS 
AI lilt 5 & Dime CO"Hhouse 

lower Muir COli mons 

FREE! 
Page 9 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Tim 



We'ekend to Feature 
Baseball and Track 

This weekend's sports activities calen-
dar will not be half as expansive or 
entertaining as last week 's bulletin of 
intercollegiate activism. This was such a 
busy week (two baseball ~ames, three 
tennis matches , and a ' cancelled 
women 's basketball game), that many of 
the teams need a little time to 
recuperate . Never fear, however, they 
will be in action later in the month , so 
you'll hear more about that later. 

tics and dress of the hometown umpires. 
Bring a picnic lunch, a good companion 
and head on down to the home field on 
Saturday at 12 noon to watch the home 
grown talent in action. 

The track team comes off their fine 
record-breaking performance of last 
weekend to face some stiff competition 
Saturday. The teams include Pasadena , 
Southern California College, Chapman , 
and UCSD in the Triton's first four-way 
meet of the year. This weekend's festivities are a couple 

of popular and lately successful, inter-
collegiate pursuits . The track team starts 
things off on a hopeful note this 
weekend with a doubleheader. Pete 
Yockey, Curt Jenkins, et al. will lead the 
troops against a very inspired Cal Baptist 
team. This will be the end of a busy week 
for the baseball team as they had games 
against the Marines on Tuesday and 
USIU on Wednesday. It looks to be a 
good group of games and should 
provide serious competition for the 
Padres, especially with the colorful an-

Morale is running pretty high after the 
La Verne meet and the team should do 
very well. This is also a home event and 
should keep you pretty busy Saturday. 
The meet will start at 1 p.m., so bring 
yourself down to the field and catch a 
little sun and sport. 

Wrapping it up for the weekend will 
be the old glamor sport on campus, the 
golf team . They will be competing 
against the Naval Training CenteT at the 
Lomas Santa Fe golf course. The match 
start s at 12:30 in the afternoon. 

Tritons Succumb To 
UCLA Comeback 3-2 

Th e UCSD volleyball 
team had it's first home 
match Wedn esday night 
when they we re handed 
defeat by the UCLA Junio r-
Varsi ty, three ga mes to 
two. 

Th e v isitor s arr ive d 
minut es b efo r e th e 

. schedul ed opening ti me 
and the effects of the long 
dr ive s how e d on th e 
Bruins. Their passi ng was 
off and their hitt ing ra the r 
less than impressive, wh ile 
the Tri tons displayed some 
un usually accurate passi ng. 
The first game resulted in 
UCSD's fi rst victory ove r a 
UCLA squad this season, 
15-12. 

The second game al so 
went to the good guys with 
a li t tle he lp from the ir 
friends - th e line judges. 
The Tritons just did come 

back from a seven point 
deficit to win by a score of 
15 -1 3. Th e ir pa ssi n g, 
though more errant than 
the first game, held its con-
sistency, and the hitting of 
Matt Merliss and Maurice 
Serracini , combined with 
th e d e fe ns ive hu sti e of 
"Laredo" Baldwin, Tom 
E van s , and G-e 0 r g e 
Yamash ita. 

In a strategic maneuver, 
Coach Gorre ll substituted 
the taller Clain Campagna 
and lim Rabe for George 
and To m as they rotated to 
th e fron t row, mov ing 
them to th e back row as 
their turn came. With a 2-0 
lead, things look ed good 
fo r the Tritons. But unfor-
tunat e ly the match was 
best of fi ve and th e home 
team just couldn't grab that 
elusive third win. UCLA 

co~r ACT LE~SES 
raml'd Opl" I"m ,n r,·dc,," 
)r1I11al fJl'p"'lmC'nl (!II your 

()IJ( lor \ prC'.,( rlpllOn a( ( U rall'ty. 
Il'VI' (ull,mlrll( 110m on 
h" ndltng and WI'drlng o( 

ronldrl t('me.,. dnd provldr 
pC'rlod.( In'pC'rllon\ ahC'lward\ 

If) In,uf(' • romforld!>t .. (,t 
to your {'VI" AVd.lahl .. 
In (h'ar or Vd""U\ 1101 \ 

AT FED 0 SAN DIEGO, 54th &. EUCLID 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

easily bagged the third and 
fourth games, but they 
were given a struggle in the 
fifth . The final game went 
ri ght down to the wire, but 
the Bruinswere able to out-
last San Diego and won the 
game, 15-13. UCSD was 
kep t in the contest with the 
play of Yamashita and Tom 
Smith and the addition of 
John " Lemon Grove " 
Woodward . 

Volleyball fans can look 
forw ar d to the NAIA 
National Championships, 

Long Toss 

Denny Sets Record 
. Dave Robinson 

The UCSD track team came to life and 
brought about a 74 to S7 victory over La 
Verne College last Saturday. It was the 
track team's first victory and first home 
meet that was not rained out. 

the 100 yd. dash (Philp 10.1, Hendricks 
10.3, and Meyers 10.5) and the 220 yd . 
dash (Philp 22.6, Hauser 22.7, and Hen-
dricks 23.5) . 

In the 440 yd. dash Greg Hauser (52.8) 
and George Geissinger (54.3) finished 
one-two for UCSD. 

The most noteworthy effort of the day 
was Skip Denny's winning toss of 138' 
10" which set a new school record in the 
discus. He also took second in the shot 
put with a mark of 44' 4". 

One other school record was 
cha ll enged . Tom Phil p almost es-
tablished a new record in the 120 yd. 
highs . He ran fast enough (1 4.9), but 
unfortunately some of the hurdles were 
not high enough . 

Other first places copped by the 
Tritons were in the 440 yd. intermediate 
hurdles (Pete Barker 63.5), the high jump 
(Bob Sturgeon 6'), and the mile relay 
(H!luser, Philp, Robi nson, and Meyers 
3:42.5). 

The Triton sprinters (Rudy Meyers, 
Eric Hendricks, Greg Hauser, and Tom 
Philp) predominated as they first won 
the 440 yd. relay (44.3) and then swept 

UCSD's last home track meet of the 
year is tomorrow at 1 :00. Pasadena 
College, Southern Ca lifornia College, 
and Chapman College will come to the 
running oval at the far end of Matthews 
campus to test their skill a~ainst UCSD. 

Tennis 
Meeting 

In a school so short on 
traditions, who could pass 
up a nice exciting all-day 
tennis tournament, replete 
with pageantry and 
refreshments, played un-
der sunny skies? An impor-
tant meeting of the Tennis 
Club will be held this 
Tuesday, April 17, at 5 p.m. 
in the Gym PE classroom. 
The principal purpose is to 
plan an open mixed 
doubles tournament for 
later in the quarter. It is 
important that all club 
members or anyone who 
would like to see such a 
tournament attend. The 
Tennis Club is not run by 
professional cou ntry club 
directors, just students with 
a lot of other work to do, 
so if a good deal of interest 
is not shown by others, 
there will be no tourna-
ment, or worse yet , there 
will be no Tennis Club. So 
if you've promised yourself 
not to attend any dull, 
stupid , school club 
meetings, you 'd better 
make thi s the single excep-
tion . 

which will be played on th e 
UC SD campus the first 
week of May. This is the 
climax of a long year for 
the team , whi c h has 
pointed for the Nationals 
since January. 

Large Crowd 
Views Regatta 

The April 7 crew classic 
was indeed a classic. It was 
the smoothest and best 
attended (10,000) regatta 
this side of the Atlantic in 
many a moon . Navy, for 
the first time in 40 years, 
put in an appearance on 
the west coast and, after 
having lost all their races it 
just might be another 40 till 
they show again . 

Washington and UCLA, 
as usual, dominated the 
regatta, with Washington 
sweeping the Varsity-8, N-
8 and Frosh-8 events. UCLA 
took both the light-weight 
and Frosh-4 and the ligh-
weight-8. San Diego State 
pulled off about the only 
upset in defeating Navy in 
the Varsity-4 competition . 

Our own dashing Tritons 
didn't dash hard enough . 
The light weight and Frosh-
4s were far and away 
though our best showings 
of the day each losing by 
one second to UCLA . The 
Freshman-4 started out 
slow and was in third place 
with only 500 meters left . 
But with an amazing sprint, 
they took over second and 
were closing on UCLA as 
the finish flag dropped . 

On the other hand the 
light weight 4's start blew 
Long Beach completely out 
of the water and the lights 

cpb 

continued to hold off 
UCLA for 1600 meters, only 
to lose to the faster UCLA 
spring . The Frosh and light 
weight 8's didn't fare so 
well, finishing fifth and six-
th, respectively. Whether 
they were psyched or 
burned out (both boats 
contained the 4's who had 
rowpd previously) is an 
open question . 

Yet the regatta did show 
that when our light weights 
are pitted against their own 
weights instead of heavies, 
we can win. Anytime a 
shell loses by one second, 
if means they could have 
won; this time it was just a 
matter of training and 
desire . 

If you showed up, you 
were treated to an exciting 
spectacle. If not, don't 
despair : your opportunity 
will come again when 
UCSD hosts the San Diego 
Invitational at Mission Bay, 
May 5. 

Go I1Imff 
AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

J. of S. for Scientific Spirituality ... 
continued from page 7 

said in his heart, if there is a God, He 'is 
the DeviJ." 
1. What gives pleasure to mere corrupt 
earthly creatures may have little relation 
to the true Good, known only to the 
Almighty. 
2. If there were no pain, would pleasure 
be as sweet? If there were no sin, could 
the virtuous feel pirde? 
3. God has given us everything we have, 

and it is ungrateful and booris h to de-
mand even more. Isn't someth ing be tt e r 
than nothing? 
Strange Waves from Outer Space 

J. Mott -Smith 
cientists at Joddrell Bank have focused 

on electromagnetic radiation from space 
which comes from all direc tion s 
simultaneously and closely resembl es 
human brain wave patte rns. At random 
times the radiation is typical of sleep 
rhythms. Even more strangely, once 

Women's Liberation Front Urges 
UCSD Community to Support 

NORTH STAR 
Women's Liberation Front, UC D 

Women's Liberation Front stands firm-
ly behind the NORTH STAR in its 
struggle to remain free from manipula-
tion by the Communications Board . For 
several months the North Star Collective 
has been singlehandedly facing the 
Board's charges of "irresponsible jour-
nalism", "intolerable anonymity", and 
"inadequate representation" on the 
Board. These charges have been used to 
justify the Board's creation of new 
Bylaws which would require all campus 
media to appoint "editors" responsible 
to the Board for the content of every 
issue. But the events of the past week 
ha v e made it qu ite clear th a t 
"anonymity" and "irresponsible jour-
nalism" are fal se issues used by some 
members of the board to raise opposi-
tion to th e NORTH STAR within the 
UCSD community. The intent of these 
membe rs of the Communicat ions Board 
is clea rl y to abol ish th e critical and 
pol iti ca l content of the NORTH STAR -
if not to crush the newspaper altogeth er. 

Women 's Liberat ion Front believes 
that this would b a blow to the politi ca l 
deve lopme nt of UCSD and North Coun-
ty, first because po litical groups would 
have no re liabl e means of di stributing 
information ; and, more importantly, 
beca use it would be a victory for the 
forces of conservatism and repression at 
UCSD. The events of th e pa st week have 
shown th at these repressive forces 
res ide, not in the Communications 
Board as a whole, but rather in a small 
and powerful segment of it, whose 
re presenta tive is Mary De~ker, and 
whose chief administrator is Dean 
George Murphy, the man who actually 
controls the student funds that the Com-
munications Board supposedly allocates. 

the NORTH STAR and RAZA BE BONCE 
time to prepare questions relating to the 
new Bylaws, George Murphy threatened 
- and last week actually ordered -
suspension of the NORTH STAR'S re -
maining funds without due process -
without even conSUlting the Board it self. 

Murphy's actions show that he (and 
probably other administrators) are 
determined to gain control over the 
NORTH STAR by means of the new 
Bylaws, even if the student represen -
tatives on the Board take a more sym-
pathetic stand toward the newspape r. 
Murphy is thereby den ying the right of 
stude nts to govern themselves, just as 
Chancellor McElroy has denied th at 
right in the past. 

It is th e view of Wom en's Libera tion 
Front that th is und e mo cra t ic, 
authorita ria n ten de ncy of o ur ad -
ministrators will cont inu e to in crease 
unl ess it is strongly challe nged by the 
st ud e nts a nd fa culty of UCSD. The 
NORTH STAR st rugg le must be under-
ta ken by all who desire to maintain some 
control over the academ ic and poli tical 
direction of UCSD. Th is same issue is 
involved in the admi nistration's denial 
of te nure o t Professo r Madrid, despite 
the strong recomm e nd at io ns of h is 
department and of Third College. We 
support those members of the Co m-

.. mu n ica t io ns Boa rd who op!=, O$e 
Murphy's violat ion of student rights, and 
we see their strugg le as the same as that 
of th e NORTH STAR, RAZA DE BONCE, 
and Third College students and fa culty 
- a gain s t a n unres pon siv e and 
repressive admin istration 

We urge that all members of the 
UCSD communit y support th ese 
struggles by writing I tters to the 
NORTH STAR and to the Communica-
tions Board. We must join together and 
fight to determine our own lives. 

every 28 days a r attern appea rs wh ich is 
characteristi c 0 headaches. 
Do Je\' ; Have Souls? 

Dr. La nce Frisbee, 
Oral Roberts University 

We know that only th e souls of true 
be lievers go to Heaven. But it s ems 
in onsistent with God's grea t mercy th at 
he would co nd emn to ete rna l to rt ure 
the souls of Jews and othe r heathen 
who have never had a fair cha nce to 
k n ow bette r . It has t h us been 
hypothesized that hea thens do not have 
soul s. Usi ng methods for soul assay 
developed at Vassar University, it WilS 
fou nd tha t th ere is no sig n ificant 
d ifference in soul con tent between tr ue 
believers, Jews, Negroes, Catholics and 
even worse heathens. So we see that 
God isn't as merciful as we are told, or 
t h at Hell is ju st a vicio us rumor . 
Conceiva bly the passages in the Bible 
d ealing with He ll are mistranslations by 
a th eis ti c commun is t s a nd fell ow 
trave lers, trying to weaken ou r Faith. 
The Meaning of Life in Heaven 

Torvald Fliesso n 
If seeki ng heaven gives mea ning to life 
on earth , what gives meaning to life in 
heaven? It is proposed that there is a 
secondary he aven, and the poi nt of life 
in heaven is to get into this seconda ry 
heaven. And it is eas il y seen th at there 
may be a te rtiary heaven and yet others, 
perhaps a d e nume rably in fin ite se-
quence of heavens, or a cycle of heavens 
of wh ich this world is one . Th us li fe 
beco mes an inf inite la dder, or an 
e ndless treadm ill ; and any slackening of 
the pace is pu nished by a stay in Hell. 
Original Sin - A Genetic Analysis 

N. Mesbitt 
If o rigi nal sin is inva riably inherited, this 
inherita nce must have a genetic basis. If 
there is a gene for original sin, then with 
improved cytological techniques it may 
someday be possible to identify and 

selectiVf~ly mutate this gene in such a 
way as to inhibit the activity of the 
enzyme which it produce . If on the 
other hand original sin results from the 
mutation of an original gene or group of 
genes which cod d for purity and in-
nocence, the defect would prove much 
more difficult to correct, especially if the 
mutation is of the deletion variety. 
Intensive work with rats is being under-
taken to see if it is possible to determine 
how the biochemical constituents of 
apples may have affected the gametes of 
Adam and Eve. We hope to isolate a 
co mpound th at makes rats smart, sexy, 
and morally depraved. 
The Klutzy Kreator Hypothesis 

Dr. Mark Thomas 
Suggests that the on ly. way to save 
religion is to conceive of God as a Being 
who is Himself subject to natural law; 
who means we ll and loves Hi s children, 
but makes mistakes. In thi s wa y, He 
becomes a bel ieva bl e and loveabl e 
Fath er fi gure. 

Murphy is the man who has been 
pressuring the Communications Board, 
through Mary Decker, to get the 
NORTH STAR question resolved quick -

p lY.' T. w. ic.e,. a.fte. r. th. e. B.o.ar.d .vo. te. d. to_ giv. e ____ • il'DE'vA'L'uA'i 'i'o'N'i'l 
~.~;i .. ~ ~~S;e it~ilyu~-e Ita n~;;c~P~~~:e~~~~ .. i-.i .. SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 

ErIc Clapton 
Glaater Baker 
Jack Bruce In 

CiTJlI\f0 
on hour and a hatf color f.ature of on<: of Rock 's greate,t grlllIP' 

al thrir 
FAREWELL CONCERT IN THE ROYAL ALBERT HALL IN LONDON 
Ih. t •• t tim. Ih. Ihree .... performed I"~Ih.r. Contai ... Ih. ton« 
.... inn. of "Whil. Room". "Sun""i..., of Your Lo ..... ·'Spoonfut". 
''I'm So Gtld and many of IIc.ir Olher hi t. . Allhou«" Ih."" ore 
brid inlenie"" wit" e8ch of Ihe performer!!. mainly lhere ;. unin •• r· 
rupI.d dynamil. mu.ic of IUch hi'" quatity IS I" eHily rank Ihl' 
fdm wilh ··Mnnl .... y Pop" and "Wood.lock." 

p~u~!._. C~apter Z of DICK TRACY 

'.' probably sometime next month. But .'. 

.. 

: 

... :1 .. 1.: ::::::~f ::~:~::~::C::::~lnr::::: .:1 ... :1.:1 
prices for '73, offering the quality-con-
scious buyer savings up to $100." 
~ ~ We have the best equipped line of im-

ported bicycles with reductions on EVERY 
model. 

For examples of the price reductions 
on the 24 models, look below. 

Nishki 
Custom Sport was 10995 Now 8495 
' nternil tiomll was 159"' Now 12995 

Morphogenesis of the Soul in 
Tunicates 

M . Somerof 
One of the most salient characteristics of 
the soul is its degree of purity. A series of 
experiments was undertaken to deter-
mi ne which factors during the la rval 
stage of tunicate development most in-
fluenced the degree of purity attained 
by the adult. A spe ial tank was built, 
half of which was Pure, containing fresh 
clean water, wholesome tunicate food, 
and abundant sunlight; the other half 
was Vile, with dark filthy water, little 
sunlight, and a high concentration of 
ethanol and tunicate sex hormones 
Near-mature tunicate larvae that had 
been subjected to various influences 
during development w r placed in the 
tank and allowed to swim back and forth 
fre Iy between the two halves. They 
would eventually attach themselves per-
manently to the wall of the tank, on one 
side or the other, thus choosing 
decisive ly between Good and Evil. The 
influences which have been tried on 
larvae include rock music, various 
operations and transplants (including 
implantation o f a minute sliver from the 
original Cross) , dirty pictures, frequent 
prayer, tranquilizers, stimulants, lax-
atives, and vitamin C. Surpsisingly, none 
of these seemed to affect the rat of 
tunicate distrioution, which remains a 
steady 85% vile, 11 % pure, and 4% 
dead . 

Two Approaches to Miracle 
H. Longoni 

Miracles may be of two types - either 
God revokes the regular laws of nature 
for a period and rearranges things to His 
liking, or else a "miracle" may be the 
resul t of an extremely fortuitou s and 
unlikely course of events which 
neve rtheless do s not violate natural 
laws. The second interpr tiltion is more 
in keeping with God 's infinite wisdom, 
as the first requires that He revoke laws 
which He has already decreed . Thus 
God may ha ve planned and "fore een" 
(if time has relevance to God's nature) 
the remarkable accident which 
produced D A, or the mutation which 
brought forth the first mammal. ThiS 
approach to miracle also has pra tical 
applications - man may hope to 
duplicate "natural miracles"; in teresti ng 
re ear h in this line is already being 
carried out. Water into wine research at 
Gallo Vineyards , though profitable, has 
had little real success, and the 
"Resurrection Therapy" projected by 
Forest Lawn Mortuaries is still in the 
planning stages, but wine into blood 
studies have led to surprising finding, 
(see below~, and Nabisco is preparing to 
market a product which is says is iden-
tical to manna. 
Wine into Blood 

P. Ellerbe 
Exciti ng new research in the laboratories 
of H. Urey and S. Miller at UCSD shows 
that u nder the rig ht photolytic con-
ditions, importa nt hemoglobin precu r-
sors, such as a-a minolaevulinate and 
porphobilinoge n, can be produced in 
wi ne. Po sible implications for the rite of 
comm union are d iscussed . 

continued on page 13 

Jewish 
Students 
are invi ted to 

join us for 
Both 

Seddorim 
and Passover 

ROild coupe } were 299" Now 19995 
Profession ill 

Monda Night , April 16th 
Tue da Night. A ril1 7th 

6:30 p _m. both night 

WATERBEO 
MIDDLEARTH CANDLES ! 

SAN DIEGUITO 
CYCLE EMPORIUM 

& A PAl. OF ilC aU( WE'. You' Tu s.- Fri. '0-9 
PANTSFROM &nIIJ nl.ll Ch ..... ' ::: at. C'loO-sed6 on our pollution-freE' b icycle ;::: I HI/ l A Y,,,, . • • un,-Mon. ,'.' 

.. ----,.,..~7;21~C;UN~I~!'-=ERSt~";Y~A~;;~~8~4;1O~y;OO;')!fIII--.. il E":~:::!:"~:;: ~=~p ;; 
:~~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::::.:::.::: :: ::::::::::.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:::.: .. : .:.:.::~;; 

Please Call 

Chabad House 
6115 Montezuma Rd. 

286-4747 

Page 11 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Time 



Student rtici pati on ... continued from page 1 questio ns arise, puzzli ng students about committee work and obstacles encountered, they would feel f ree to d iscuss it w ith the 'collect ive' as a body; for w ithin t~ at b.ody, 
there will be those who have had experience in dealing with the same type of situations. 
The exchange of information is one of Ihe most importan.t fac~ors involv~d: Th~ s~udent 
should be aware of what's going on in all levels of the University, thus galnmg inSight to 
the University as a whole and seeing now their particu lar committee or inter~st. ~roup 
fits into tne structure. Tnis would also establ isn a body one could fee l responSibility to. 
Mean ing that, at the present, those students servin~ ~n .campus-wide committees are 
responsible really to no one except tnemselves. Tn ls IS Import~nt because when one 
answers to no one, the input is often times shallow and benefits no one. 

observations is tha ,; 'attitude: There exists tnat prevailing attitude of "nothing I do is 
going to make a d ce anyway, therefore why should I even bother?" whi ch is for 
certain sure if it 's d around a particular person . Tnat is why the entire idea of a 
type of "student ' (coallion, or wnatever word seems proper at the time) is 
appealing to me. Ideally, this WOUld. not only as~ure student~ <;>f becoml.n.g more 
effective in what they are doing (serving on committees and gaining credibility), but 
also in time enco'Jrage and stimulate other students to participate. For as long a< 
students aren't somehow organized, have no systematic work ing unit, and nave no 
centrali zed communications network, they will remain where tneYI are - basically 

Next question - and one of the most important: if there exists a group of students 
si tting on commi ttees and exchanging information, .what about th~ ave.ra~e student? 
This compla int is often heard : " Ya never hear anything about what s gOIn. on around 
here." This is why the visibility is so important. In time, full use of tne media snould be 
established. With visibility and claiming credibility of the collective, there may be 
student response which, hopefully, would lead to student interest and which in turn 
wou ld produ ce more participation . 

nownere, continuing to allow themselves to be in token positions. . 
After discussing th is idea at length witn various indivi.dua ls, I've attempted to establish 

some workable guidelines for such a group. M y se lf- Imposed project for thiS quarter 
wi ll be that of trying to establish such a coa lition of students, seeing if, in fact, "power" 
and " advancement" comes with unifi cation. 

One of the initia l questions I had to deal witn was to ei ther define the group and let 
the issues define themselves, or define tne issues and try to compose a group to dea l 
with them. I, for whatever reasons, and also because it seemed easiest, was fi rst to 
define those to participate . Those who would benefit most from such a group seemed 
to be those already serving on the various campus-wide and college-wide committ ees. 

Q uestion : after getting these people together (if they' ll take the t ime), what's to tak e 
place? Th is will be, or ratner, has the potential of becoming, a resource and information 
group. Hopefully it would begin to evolve into something real and vital, in tnat when 

Tnis would also being to establisn continuity, whicn doesn't exist now. Students 
appointed to committees wouldn't have to step i~to it cold wi.'~ no back~ round .and 
thus, that age-old problem of seniors graduating and taking all their acq.Ulred 
knowledge and wisdom with them (which happens frequently !! ) would be alleViated. 
Th e meetings, of cou rse, would be open for any STUDENT to attend . 

ovie-Child conlinued from page 8 
admiring and appreciative, in "Last Tango" he takes a 
meta -perspective on his own work, " The Conformist." 

Jea nne and Paul walk in front of a railway station that 
wa in severa l key "Conformist" scenes, but now the 
station bares the mark of progress - brand new 
parking meters l ine the curb. Jeanne and her boyfriend 
run in front of giant subway posters, a billboard hand 
surrea listica lly strokes their embrace as they are 
photographed from across the tracks th rough the 
windows of a train rearing past. It is the sa me sort of 
surrealism that one thinks of in the "Conformist" scene 
when busy Italian workers parade across a vast marble 
hall with the statue head of a past ruler. There is 
interesting new work done; Bertolucci has begun to 
use mirrors, for instance, and in one brilliant scene has 
Paul lying, exhausted on the floor after sodomy with 
Jeanne. He picks up a broken piece of mirror, holds it 
above his head and studies himself. The dark mirror 
looks like a detached head against the gold-light fi lled 
room - a perfect Dali image. Bu t this sort of thing is 
hard to come by in the movie, and a big disappoint-
ment after "The Conformist", where something new 
and exciting was to be found at every turn. Here he 
tries to work the grid background again, but with iLJ. 
success. He uses paned glass, full of interesting flaws 
which fragment the image seen through it. Bu t he tr ies 
this over and over - the excitement drains out quickly. 
The problem with demanding an audience awareness 
of an earlier film, of taking up this meta-art position, is 
that it immediately demands qualitative comparison 
and the expectation of something different. It is not 
simply a matter of auteur visions following to a logical 
limit; it seems rath r more like an inability fo come up 
with something new. After "The Conformist", which 
was perhaps the greatest movie-movie ever made, it is a 
lot to ask for, but it is also a big disappointment when 
the film fall s short of the mark. To say that Bertolucci's 
"Last Tango" is a failure is of cou rse ridiculous. Bu t 
because it invites comparison and seems so hesitant to 
move on to something new, it is unfulfilling and shakes 
the confidence in or hope for the directo r. 

s. E. O. . .. continued from page 3 
available, a student can earn some money by taking 
several minimal, one-time jobs. 

We hope to see more on-campus jobs available. The 
Chancellor has given a campus-wide priority for the 
employment of our students. Students should come 
into SEO, fill out an information sheet neatly and In 
detail, and check in often for job leads. Our jobs are 
posted as soon as they are ca lled in, and referrals are 
given on a first-come, first-served basis. I CAN'T EM-
PHASIZE ENOUGH THE NEED TO BE PER SISTENT IN 
CHECKING OU R BULLETI BOARDS. JOBS ARE POS-
TED DAILY. Visit the Student Employment Office daily 
if possible. Be sure your information sheet shows 
interests as well as skills. 

On campus staff titled jobs are obtained via openings 
posted in SEO. A job offer made by a difrect student-
department transaction is subject · to an immediate 
termination and the probability of a delayed paycheck. 

Students should have a very clea r understanding of 

University Lutheran Church 
And Student Center 

Worsh ip S,~rvices 
10 A.M. SL ndays 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

Will it work? Can this be a realistic starting point for more effective participation? 
Who knows!! Maybe and maybe not, but I' ll give it the old UCSD try - Rah, Rah !!! One 
th ing for sure, I can't force students to anything; alii can do is pose questions and raise 
issues, hoping that kindred spi r its exist desi ring to work together for the betterment of 
us all ... 

And if they do-
UCSD watch out! 

The initial meeting of this student collective will be Tuesday, April 17, 1973 at 4 p.m. in 
USB 40S0A. All students are urged 10 aI/ end, especially if currently serving on a 
committee. 

I.F. Stone ... continued f rom p age 1 
ourselves from tne stupidity of the Vietnamese war; we will only do so if it becomes 
more powerful not to." (May, 1969) 
Violent Rebellion: " Burning America down is no way to Utopia. If battle is joined and 
our cou ntry polari zed, as both the revolutionists and the repressionists wish, it is the 
better and not the worse side of America whicn will be destroyed ." (May, 1969) 

Mr. Stone will be speaking in the Formal Lounge at 3 p.m . 

what will be expected before accepting employment . 
Once employed, the student is an employee of tne 
University, not only of the department where ne works. 
Most of the situations wh ere SEO nas nad to become an 
arbiter would not have occurred if communications 
between the employer and th e employee had been 
clearer. 

Stud nts and/or departments who are having "job 
troubles" are advised to make an appointment in SEO, 
ext. 1936, 210 MC, to di scuss tne problem. One of our 
first questions will be " Have you discussed this with the 
other peron (the student, OJ the supervisor)?" 

We are continuing to develop off campus com-
munications although our staff resources are limited. 
We are doing everything we can to get jobs for 
students with the current emphasis on this summer. 

Recent ly we've had "grumbles " about closing our 
door at 3:30 p.m. Pernaps it will help people unders-
tand that we can offer better service during open hours 
if we can have a bit of quiet time for handling the 
volume of paperwork required by our operation. Most 
of the papers we handle ultimately turn into a student's 
paycheck. Because of deadlines for putting data into 
the Payroll O ffice for forwarding to the computer in . 
Los Angeles, we must constantl y snift priorities, etc., 
always with the goa l of nelping everyone needing our 
service. 

I woulrl like to extend an invitation to faculty and 
staff to visit our office if it would help them understand 
our procedures. We are receptive to ideas for im-
proving our services, but feel that "outsiders" don't 
rea lize our limitations in providing service to about 200 
students and/or employers per day. Students wishing 
to gain work experience or to know more about SEO's 
inner workings may also volunteer to work in SEO. 

Chabad House 
6/ /5 MOllte;uma Rd. San Diego 92115 

286-4747 
If you are a Jew, the Torah commands you nol to 
have any Chometz (leavened foods) in your posses-
sion during Passover. The Power of Altarney allows 
you to keep Chometz in your household over Passo-
ver if iI's kept under lock and key. 

Delegation of Power of Attorney 
for Sale of Chometz 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: Thai I, the undelslgned. do 
he,eby make. const,lule and appoint RABBI J N KRANZ. my Ilue and 
lawlul allorney 10 acl rn my place and slead. lor me and 10 my name 
and In my behalf to sell all CHOMETZ owned and possessed by me (knoNlngly 01 UnknoNlOgly) as slated In lhe TORAH and defined and 
rntelpleled by Ihe SAGES OF ISRAEL (e.g CHOMETZ DOUBT OF CHO· 
ME TZ. AND ALL KINOS OF CHOMETZ MIXTURES). Also. CHOMETZ Ihal 
lends 10 halden and 10 adhere 10 a surtace of InSide of pans. pots 01 0 
Ihel cooking 01 eallng ulenslls. of whalsoever nature. and all kinds 01 
lIVe anrmals Ihal have been eallng CHO METZ 01 m"lUres Iheleol. and to 
lease all places whelelO Ihe afolemenlloned CHOMETZ owned 01 
possessed by me may be lound. espeCially In the p,emlses loealed al 

____ ---- and elsewhere. 
(addieSS) 

RABBI J N. KRANZ has the full aUlhomy and power as abo'e given 10 
self said CHOMETZ and 10 lease said place or places wheleln said CHO· 
METZ may be found upon such lerms and UPO" such cond,IIOns as he. 
In hiS absolule dlsclellon. shaff deem III and propel 

RABBI J N KRANZ has Ihe lull powel and aulhorlly 10 assign or 
appoiOi a subsulUte 01 substllules to aCI In hiS place and stead With all 
Ihe same powels and aulholily thai I have Invesled In HIM and I dO 
heleby lailly and conlHm ailihal my said anorney. or hiS subshlules 01 
subsiliute. shaff lawlully do or cause 10 be done by vHlue 01 Ihese pie· 
senlS 

And 10 Ihls I heleby all" my slgnalule on Ihls ___ day of 
N,ssan In Ihe yeal 57 __ 

Oaled ______________ _ 
Slgnalule _____________ _ 

J. of S. for Scientific Spirituality ... 
continued from page 11 

Virgin Birth Occurs in Lizards, So 
Why Not In Mary? 

Dr. H. Doody 
Description of a species of lizard (Lacer-
ta saxicola armeniaca, found in the 
Caucasus), all of w nose members are 
fema l e . T h e part h enogenetic 
mechanism operating here might also 
conceivably account for the virgin birth 
of Jesus. 
Biochemical Redesign 

Dr. Morrie Godman 
God should have used para-toluene 
sulfonate as a leaving group, ratner than 
the phospnate groups that He was so 
hung up on . 
Is Hellfire Materiall 

E. Grosshapper 
Recent work at tne Bethesda Institute 
for Psychic Research nas established 
extra-sensory contract with several late 
popes and Lyndon Johnson . One con-
clusion from thi s work is that Hellfire is 
indeed a physical reality. Thus we are 
confronted with tne fascinating fact that 
it is possible for a body to be burn ed 
eternally without being consumed. 
To discover the mechanism behind this, 
experiments with rats have been under-
taken. Rats were fed special diets and 
nad their fur coated with various 
cnemicals, tnen were thrown live into 

flames of varying heats. Results so far are 
unfortunately negative - every rat so 
treated has been qUickly consumed. If 
mo re encouraging result s are not 
forthcoming, the conclusion must be 
that Eternal Torment requires a con-
tinual miracle of Divine Justice. 
Quantum Physics and God's W ill 

S. Scnultzstz, 
Stonednead Univ., Ga . 

A new experimental technique ha s led 
to an interesting hypothesis . Tne atomic 
structure of the average human 
digestive tra ct and of the average 
MacDonald 's h amburger wer e 
matnematically modeled by computer, 
and the random quantum jumps of 
these atoms were simulated using the 
Monte Carlo metnod. Wi th thi s metnod 
it was possi ble to compute the average 
number of people per day who would 
get indigestion at a given MacDonald 's. 
We lea rned, to our great surprise, th at 
the actual number of cases of indiges-
tion was always significantl y less than the 
predicted number. This nas led us to the 
hypotnesis tnat quantum jumps are not 
rea lly random, but occur in such a way 
as to produce the maximum human 
happ iness consistent with the laws of 
nature. It is unlikely that human frailty 
will ever reduce tn is magnific nt Law to 
matnemat ical formulation ; its workings 
must forever remain myster ious. Yet it is 

TURN THOSE USELESS SKILlS 
INTO HAND50ME 

BUDWEISER~ PATCHES 
For example, if you can hug cons pretty good, 
you can wear a Budweiser World Champion 
Patch . Just nug, next to your person, 
a record bunch of empty Bud. cons. 
Record to beat is 38. 

BUDWEISER 
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS? 
WHAT'S GOING ON? 
Oh, happy day. At last someone is doing 
something positive about the curren t 
world shortage of champions. 

Budweiser is sanctioning five absurd events 
in which college youths can set records and 
earn wonderfu l , big Budweiser patches 
(7"x6", washable, genuine colors ). 

Besides the breathtaking BUD· CAN HUG 
above, there are four other ways to be a World 
Champion. G t deta ils at your favorite beer 
store where you see the " Budweiser WorJd 
Championship" display! 

Do one, beat the record, lell us about it on 
a [Jostcard and gel your marker pen ready 
for inscribing your particular specialty 
Ixon ath where it says " World Champion." 

TO GET YOUR BUDWEISER 
WORLD CHAMPION PATCH 
(EVEN IF YOU DON 'T SET A 
RECORD), JUST WRITE YOUR 
NAME , ADDRESS AND WHAT 
YOU DID ON A POSTCARD. 

(Maybe you 've detected that 
this is no t on official, rigid-rules 

" contest." But it is a lot of fun 
even if you can't break th: 
records . You can, though, 

can't you ?1 

NO'II:OO, • 
ANHfUSt 0, "'VItCH"'U It'OUIUO. O"U VO ID WHUE "OH I.ItID If lAW "llOW fOUl WEEKS '0' OElIV(lY Of'U UI'IITU D(ClMI U )1. ",J 

fI BUSCH INC • ST lOUIS 

c~mforting to know that a supremely 
Wise and benevolent Force has a pla ce in 
tne se~rningly indiff re'lt physical un -
iver e. 

N eed ed A n Objective Test for 
Inspiration 

G. Newkirk 
It would seem unreasonable that the 
Holy Ghost would often communicate 
with men in Biblical times, yet be com-
pletely silent in our own day. Yet anyone 
today who claimed such inspiration 
would be considered a lunatic; thus 
there may be dozens of peopte alive 
toda y wno arc currently receiving divine 
communications who are ei th er not 
believed or who are themselves un-
willin~ to acknowledge the Divine origin 
of their thoughts. If an objective test for 
confirming such inspiration could be 
devised, th en God's Wisdom might once 
again shine forth upon the world, 
lighting a path out from the sordid sink 
of vile, permissive corruption in whicn 
the wi cked wprld is la sciviously 
languishing . 
Conceivably there may be unusual brain 
wave patterns characteristic of divine 
inspiration. We are monitoring the brain 
waves of severa l reputedly noly men 
(Pope Paul, Oral Roberts, Tennessee 
Ernie Ford, and Captain Kangaroo, 
among others) in an attempt to find such 
patterns. 

The Power of Prayer 
Father A. Zossima 

Prayer must not be considered an ef-
ficient cause of God's Mercy, since this 
makes God fickle and influpnced by 
mere humans. Sincere prayer is rather 
an indication of a pure heart, whicn is 
ultimately rewarded in the just order of 
things. Prayer is thus not a mystical plea 
for miraculous intervention, but rather a 
ritual (and perhaps communal) affirma-
tion of our wise hopes, and a dedication 
to act on them. Praise of God is not 
flattery; to praise God is to praise the 
world wnich He created, and thus to 
reverence the actual and potential beau-
ty of life. 

Mind-Body Interaclion : A Sym-
posium 

The Pineal Gland - The Seat of 
the Soul? 

Dr. P. Schneider, 
San Pedro H .. 

Descartes, in the 17th century, 
postulated that the pineal gland was the 
site at which the soul influenc d the 
body . Modern re ults from En-
docrinology show th at the pineal gland 
produces a substance which counteracts 
the effects of sex hormones. Thus it is 
indeed the center of our Higher Nature, 
at farthest remove from base animality. 
Unfortunately the pineal gland shrive ls 
with th onset of puberty, which i why 
children are so much less corrupt than 
adults. The genetic alteration postulated 
by N. Mesbitt (see above) may nave 
pineal degeneration as its proximal 
effect. The process of aging may result 
from th • toxic effects of sex hormones; 
if so, innocence and eternal life might 
be regai ned by daily injections of pineal 
gland extracts. 

Th e Pin eal Gland is N OT the Seal of 
Soul 

Willie Brown and 
Shabazz Mukluk 

No way, Broth rs! 
Sex, Sin and the Aardvark - A 
Question of Free Will 

Dr. Elise McVetcn, 
Oral Roberts l.J niv. 

A young male aardvark was trained to 
avoid all female aardvarks by shocking it 
wh never a female appeared. Tnen it 
was desensitized to a particular female 
by placing them in a pen together and 
shocking him only when he showed 
avoidance benavior. Wh en mature, the 
male would copulate only with this 
particular female, strenuously avoiding 
any other female. Thus we see that 
aardvarks, though slow of comprehen-
sion, are capable of learning the 
difference between Good and Evil, and 
therefore have Free Will and Immortal 
Souls. As a result of this finding, it is 
recommended that aardvark training 
missions be established throughout thp 
Free World to save as many of their soul\ 
as is possible. 

Angels - God's Hormones 
K.C. Tootle, Ph .D. 

Unique pantheist interpretation. Con-
siders the specific functions of the 
Angels Gabriel, Michael, and Herman. 
Ethics - Up-Io-date inquirie into 
age-old problems 
Neurology and Spiritual Worth 

Dr. D. Hirtlane 
By examining the relative complexities 
of the ne·urological systems of the classes 
of organisms, a scale of relati li worth is 
constructed. Thus it is shown tnat an 
anteater is wortn four salamanders, and 
a frog worth at least twelve snails. It is 
further concluded that in most cases the 
torture of lab animals is justified when 
weighted against the human misery that 
may be alleviated as a result. This paper 
nevertheless represents a great advance 
against callous human chauvinism. 
Plants Count Too 

(Poppy, Ph.D. 
Discusses the marvebus auxin organiza-
tion of plants. Debunks the unjustified 
dualism practiced by vegetarians. 
Virtue IS Rewarded 

I. Kant 
Reprint of Kant's celebrated proof of the 
exi tence of Heaven. 
The Infinite Worth of Man 

H. Pat s 
Attempt to reconcile the infinite worth 
of man wilh the existence of Altila, 
Hitler, and H.R. Haldeman. 
New Frontiers in Surgery 

. Orloff, M.D. 
In th Sermon of the Mount, Jesus says 
" When thou doest aim , let not thy left 
hand know what thy right hand doeth." 
An amazing new surgical technique, in 
which the connections of the two lobes 
of the brain are severed, finally enables 
an exact adherence to the words of 
Jesus. It is recommended that this opera-
tion be performed on all cnildren on 
their eighth day (for males it may coin-
cide with the rite of circumcision). 

continued on page 14 

The WILL W I G makes nying simple. leek and rugged. made of 
rrcmiurn dacron an d anodil.ed aluminum, the WillS WIl\G offer~ the finest 
matcriab an d de~ign avai l[lblc. 

Thcco~t oran 18' WILL ~ I NG includes free instruction by the be~t niers 
in the bu~inc ' s, including the ,W or ld Record holder 0 1973, Bob ill 

Tandem training nights in the La Jo lla and an Ulcgo area lin: aho 
avai lable.' 

For iII/orilla/ion: SPOI(T KITES, INC. 
(714) 547-1344 1202-(, E. Walnut 

, nta Ana, alif. 9270,1 (714) 544-0445 
or M ike Wy r.1t The Trit on Time Office X-l017 

Page 13 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Time 



Scientific Spirituality ... 
continuw from page 13 

Pleasure As Sin 
S. Mal novich 

Definite proof tha t pleasure is not sinful, 
provided that it d,)es not interfere with 
the reverence of God, does not conflict 
with the dictates ,)f Reason, and is not 
contrary to Nature, As an application, it 
is shown that sex between man and wife 
can often be completely virtuous, 
Inlernational Brotherhood 

Daniel Berrigan, S.l. 
Cites scriptural authority for the ideal of 
the brotherhood of man, Shows how 
this should guide our social and political 
aims toward international cooperation 
and the expansion of human rights , 
Trust in God, Not in Government 

R. Nixon 
S~f-reliance demonstrated to be the 

hi~hest ideal of ethical content. 
Proposes that newborn babies be left 
alone in the wilderness to minimize 
softness, then retrieved at age thirteen 
wl)en ready for Honest labor. 
Objectivism 

W . Stoddard 
Bu ilds on the work of Bishop Butler, 
Kant, and Ayn Rand . Shows that the 
operation of our natu ral, God-given, 

selfish acquisitive impulses, without the 
interference of man's artifical invention, 
government, leads to a maximally 
blissful society. 

Operant Conditioning Assures 
Ultimate Bliss 

Beebe Beebeson 
The soul in its wandering from world to 
world is generally reinforced for vir-
tuous co nduct. It thus becomes more 
and more virtuous until it achieves a 
state of continuous positive reinforce-
ment. 

Applications of Linear Programming 
to Ethical Planning 

R. Caldwell 
Develops a technique for calculating the 
blessedness of the world in terms of the 
joy and moral worth of its creatures. 
linear programming calculations then 
enable us to choose our actions in such a 
way as to maximize this blessedness. A 
pocket computer is being developed (to 
be marketed by IBM at the low price of 
$2,999) that will tell us how many 
m i nutes of a given day should be 
devoted to Charity, Pity, love, Toil, Play, 
Sleep, Reverence and other worthy ac-
tivities. 

Vi etnam.,. continued from page 6 
least in the ncar future Thieu would win 
hands down. 

As Time (April 9) puts it, " Theiu's new 
cOf1fidence is not baseless. If the Paris 
agreement has not ended the f ighting, it 
has also not lead to the political up-
heavels that many observers in both 
Washington and Saigon feared m ight 
soon overwhelm Theiu . Saigon ' s 
1,100,OOO-man military machine, the 
basi s of Theiu 's strength , ha s not 
collapsed, indeed, ARVN desertions 
have declined si nce the cease-fore. 
Theiu is al so cheered b y the unexpected 
ease with wh ich his forc es have r e taken 
al most all of the 400 villages that w ere 

. se ized by t h e Communists ." 
MYTH: The Sa igon g o vernmen t is the 

most corr u pt and repr essive govern -
ment i n Sou theast Asia . 

FACT: Wh ile indeed Sa igon h as no 
d e m ocratic governme n t , i t is di fficu lt to 
recall a count ry that has b een so duri ng 
a war w he re its in terests are di rectly 
th reatened - except the United States . 
And yet we censored Nazi p ropaga nda 
in ou r country during one war. Traitors 
w e r e shot and po l itical Japan e se 
pri soners were hearde d in concentra-
t io n ca mps on the West coast duri ng 
World War II. Drafte s were ca lled and 
fo r ced to fi g ht. The point be ing that 
undes irable pol ic ies ca n res ult from 

• even t he best of countries during ti m e of 
wa r w hen con solidation and loyalty are 
o f g reat importance. 

Accordi ng to Rober t DeBo rchgrave, 
senior forei g n corre spond e nt f or 

ewsweek magazi ne who has traveled 
to H anoi , Hano i is by fa r more rep re ssive 
and co rrupt than Saigon . He h as com -
m e n ted as has liberal Jo seph Kraft tha t 

Hanoi "was the most commonest regime 
(he) had ever seen in my life_" Further, 
censoring newpapers is the rule, and 
absolutely no dissenting voice is heard. 
At least in the Saigon National Assembly, 
you have the opposing Buddhist party 
openly criticizing the Theiu govern-
ment. This same Newsweek correspon-
dent in an interview on " Tampo" related 
a conversation w ith a Russian he had 
while in Hanoi. According to this Rus-
sian, " the North Vietnamese regime is 
the most sinister regime any socialist 
c ountr y f. as had since Stalin . ~ ' As 
D e Bo r chgrave al so cont e nded that 
H e nry Kamm of the New York Times was 
sent into outh Vietnam as part of a 10 
man team afte r the March 30, 1972 
offensive to try to ascertain how the 
average Sou t h Vietnam ese f e lt about 
Pres ide n t Th e iu . H e spent 6 w~e ks 
resear c hing the sto ry and concl uded 
that " wh ile m o st p eople dispara g e 
T heiu, th ey would rather put up w ith 
Th eiu than a Communist r egime." and 
Henry Kamm is of a li b eral pe rsuasio n 
and wa s quoted by t h e Indochina Peace 
C ampaign i n it s art icle . 

Time h as reported that Th eiu h as 
m e llowed si nce the w ar tension has 
lessened . The m agaz ine reporte d that 
Theiu had re cen t ly 1J .. . signed an amnest y 
o rder free ing 967 poli t ical pri sone rs, 
among the m Truong D inh Dzu, who ran 
a strong seco nd to Thei u in the 1967 
e lections. Fu r th e r " .. . Saigon 's bars and 
nightclub s were all o wed to reop e n afte r 
b eing close d si nce last Ma y ... " "Then at 
a rally of 2,000 m embers o f h is fl ed g ling 
Democracy Party, Theiu invi ted his op-
ponents to "orga n ize t h ei r o wn o pposi-
tion part y .. _" 

FIijDAY THE 1'3 or A'~lJ 
9:00 PM 

UCSDGYM 
2.o() 
3.00 

UCSD STUD£N1S lJ 11.1) 
GENElQ\1l ADMISSION 

TICKETS AJtE AVAILJ.BllE Ar 
UltEY }{filib 'EOX OfFICE, tJCSD 
.AZTEC CENTEIl, StlSV 

Page 14 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 

Right to Life in Human Gametes 
J. Sills 

Each human gamete, whether egg or 
sperm, possesses a unique and precious 
potential for Humanity. To curtail this 
potential by any means, such as male 
masturbation or any form of birth con-
trol, is a crimi nal disregard for Human 
Dignity . It is thus proposed that humans 
should copu late as often as possible, that 
the ratio of women to men should be 
increased to 5x108 to 1, and that new 
world should be colonized ro handle the 
expanded population. Sperm and egg 
banks, however, must be condemned as 
unnatural. 
Tortue - An Unacceptable Weapon 
in the Fight against Atheism 

Kevin Olson, SI. Cyril's 
Academy of Divinity 

Experimental demonstration that tortue 
of atheists does not make them holier. 
The experiment involved two boy's 
schools. At one school, boys were sub-
jected to heinous but well -deserved 
tortue when they expressed doubts 
about God . At the other, incipient 
atheists were not punished. The results 
were surprising : after three years of this 
reatement, psychological tests showed 
that boys at the lax school had stronger 
religious faith than those at the strict 
one . Utilitarian considerations then 
preclude tortue as a means of dea ling 
with atheists. Those who believe that Evil 
should be punished regardless of the 
consquences may not accept this fin-
ding. 
Sacred History and Personal Ex-
perience 
Billy Graham's Student Years 

Elbert Krotch 
A shocking expose of the early radical 
writings which Graham produced 
before he learned that there was more 
money in evangelism . Included is the 

complete, never before pu!>lished essay 
(which led to Graham's expulsion from 
Bob Jones University), "God As Myth", 
which denies all supernatural theory, 
and views religions merely as in-
struments for reinforcing moral codes 
and perpetuating priestly castes. Also 
included are excerpts from his feebl e 
attempt at humor, "Lie Is an Accident, 
and We Are Its Victims." 
How Allosteric Enzymes Destroyed 
My Atheism 

P.T. Saltman, Prof . of 
Animal Husbandry, UCSD 

A Psychosexual Analysis of Jesus 
S. Fraud 

Shows that Jesus had a mother fixation. 
Why else would He have made such a 
big deal of Her in His religion , and why 
would H e have insisted that She be a 
virgin? The obvious implications of this 
for his relations with his twelve male 
disciples are di~cussed in full, including 
the possibility that Judas may have, been 
a rejected lover. 
God Has A Plan For Your Life 

Richard Nixon 
Jesus Has Low Testosterone 

. Dorothea Schmitz 
Former nun reveals her disappointing 
experience as a bride of Christ. 
An Historical Inquiry 

C. Post 
Considers a remarkable and important 
question : when Mary said that the Holy 
Ghost did it, did Joseph believe her? 
Jesus Changed Me From A Hopeless 
Junkie To A Top-FLight Researcher 

Dr. M . Goodman 
Carnal Knowledge of Julie Has Not 
Compromised My Purity 

D . Eisenhower 
Earnest Christians wishing to pray for the 

depraved soul of the perpetuator of this farce 
should menlion the name of Mark M cCarty. 
- Ed. Dir. 

and you will re~eive 1,500,000 
Rides on the Coast Cruiser and 
thrill to breathj;.taking speeds 

~ . . 
!Off~ , V~ l i d un Iii 6:00 ToniShl) 

RIDES' O'Nl y'~fO¢ 
, 

. study 
a language 

this summer 
in Monterey 

Cool summer days, the great natural beauty and the 
culturat traditions of the Monterey Peninsula form an 

ideal setting for language learning at the Monterey 
Institute of Foreign Studies, a fully accred ited , 

private liberal arts college. 
Intensive train ing is offered in basic language skills by a 

facutty composed exclusively of native speakers. Special 
emphas iS is placed on conversation . Sma It cfasses provide 

a rare opportunity for personatized instruction. 
PROGRAM t: Elementary / tntermediate 

(16 semester units). 
Open to all students interested in acquiring a basic 

knowledge of the tanguage. 
PROGRAM II : Intermediate/ Advanced 

(14 semester units). 
Open to students who have compteted one year of 

college level language study, or the equivalent. 
(Not offered in Chinese or Japanese.) 

10 weeks 
June 18 to 

August 25 

ARABIC 
CHINESE 
FRENCH 
GERMAN 
ITALIAN 
JAPANESE 
PORTUGUESE 
RUSSIAN 
SPANISH 
ESL 
Enrollment is limited So send 
for full information TODAY" . 

To: Dean of Admissions 

Monterey 
Institute 
of Foreign 
Studies 
P.O. Box 1978 Dept S 
Monterey, CA 93940 

......................... announcements .................................... .. 
friday 

All Interested Philosophy 
majors welcome to Phil . Club 
Meeting Fr i. 4-6 p.m. Infor-
mal Lounge (4/13) 
The Department of Philoso-
phy presents Prof. David Lo-
wenthal (Department of Geo-
graphy - University of Lon -
don) , " History and the Palpa -
ble Past" Friday, April t3 , 3 
p.m. Revelle College Formal 
Lounge (4 / 13) 

Commander Cody and His 
Lost Planet Airmen, a dis-
tinctive group that plays rock 
and roll , blues, and country 
& western , will be presented 
in concert in the UCSD Gym 
at 8:30 p.m., Friday, April 13. 
Tickets are $3 for general ad-
missionand $2 for UCSD stu-
dents with 10. Sponsored by 
the Campus Programming 
Board at UCSD. (4/ 13) 
AMES Film Series presents a 
film titled, "Pressure Fields 
and Fluid Acceleration " 
(Fluid Mechanics Film), 30 
min. on Apr. 13, in room 
USB 2622 at 12. These films 
are open to the UCSD Com-
munity . (4/13) 

saturday 
The classical guitar concert 
with Hector Garcia Sat. Apr. 
21 , at 8:30 has been CAN-
CELLED. 409 MC (4/ 13) 
Live folk entenainment at the 
Coffee Hut (in woods near 
Revelle Provost's office) 8:30 
Sat. evening. (4/13) 
UCSD TALENTIVARIETY 
SHOW. You read about it last 
quarter - Now Come See 
the Sh ow. Guaranteed to 
give you a full evening of 
great entertrainment. Ad -
mission : Free! (For what 
more could you ask?) Date & . 
Place: Sat. Apr. 14 in the Re-
velle Cafeteria. The show 
blasts off at 8:30 p.m. (4/ 13) 

services 
Rummage/ Bake sale. 4- 14. For Mesa 
NJrsery 5ch.: Mesa Houses, E Com-
mons Room (3999 M"amar SI ) 14117) 
ATTENTION: Any people Inloresled in 
formIng an e>cposltory wfllJOg class call 
Hilary al 453-0974 (4113) 
AATISTS-CRAFTS PEOPLE: SO'S 
most creative store will sell your high 
Quality. umque items for you Bring 
samples 01 your work to THE BELL 
JAR, 4053 Univ Ave . Tues-Sat noon-
7 p m. (282-67~ 3) (4124) 
Income ta)tC service. Discoun t l or 
Siudents, slall Of laculty. 755-8228 
aher 2. (4113) 
TYPIST: E.p. Theses, Re~rI' Misc. 
IBM SeleGJric 50¢ pg Ca ll Bee Lynch 

753-7356 (4113) 

lost and found 
Talla Morns, I have your glasses case 
and identll lcatJon cards. Cell Unfversity 
250 1 or 453-8124. (41171 
Lost blac l( wallet nr, bookstore Tues. 
314 Reward 454·5239 (4117) 
Losl Cas tellan P Chern TexI, sl/oe 
rukt. and nole paper Return Peg 453 -
2743 PLEASEII (4117) 
LOSI: Sca~ (silk. pink-beige) on MC 
Wed Se nt imental va lue. f>teas8 return . 
453-7746 (LaiC) W 17) 

Brown sweeler With leather fronl 
Found al 2622 USB Tues n,ghl 453-
9399 (4113) 

, 
Who'. gOI my Norton anlhology7 Leol 
near Revelle cat Wed. 8118rnoon. 454-
0083 (4113) 
LOST: Black and sUver paperma le pen 
In Iront 01 registrar'. offIce on Mon , 4· 
2-73. Rewerd. 459·6328 Mark. (4113) 
Lost. Navy Blue Coal wllh key in 
pockel Irom 2C 1330 Rewald NO 
questions Oe$perate M Uir Apt N1 (4113) 

personals 
JA VI Do you ho"" Ihe mold don~? I 
1061 your No Phone 755·8753 WRyne (4/ 131 
Happy BI~h<hIy. FuhJuhFI GI"lonl 

(4/ 13) 

. 

sunday 
Revelle Guest In Residence 
Committee Is sponsoring a 
bus trip this Sun: Apr . t5, to 
Borrego Springs. The group 
will go to the Borrego Palm 
Canyon Nature Trail for the 
day returning by 6 p.m. For 
further info and reservation, 
go to the Resident Dean 's 
Office Argo Hall . Trip is 
freel!! (e/13) 

Apr. Natural Health SOCiety 
will gave a nature walk th is 
Sun. 15th at 10:30 a.m. We 
meet at the east parking lot at 
San Clemente Natural Park. 
If bad weather post~one hike 
to follovling week , Sun . 
(4113) 
Come to the TORREY PINES 
GLIDER MEET at Torrey 
Pines just north of the Salk 
Institute. The meet, hosted 
by UCSDSC and AGCSC will 
run Sat. and Sun. Apr. t 4 
and 15 beg inning at 9 a.m. 
Park ing provided east of 
Salk. ALL ARE WELCOME. 
(4/ 13) 

monday 
SOAR ING CLUB: GENER-
AL MEMBERSH IP MEET-
ING Mon. Apr. 16, 1973. In 
Muir 2C 1110 at 7:30 p.m. All 
members please come. If 
you're not a member but 
would like to find out more 
about us join us on Monday. 
EVERYONE IS WELCOME! 
(4113 ) 

SEMINAR IN ENVIRON-
MENTAL STUDIES spon-
sored jointly by AMES/Che-
mical-Physics . Dr. Wayland 
Griffith, Lockheed Aircraft, 
Sunnyva le, Cali forn ia, will 
present two sem inars on 
" Fluid Mechanics Problems 
in Air-pollution Control" Mon. 
Apr . t6, t973 , 1:00- 1:45 
p.m. and " Clean Power Gen-
eration" Mon. Apr. 16, 1973, 
3:00-3:45 P.M. Room 7104, 
Urey Hall. (4113) 

. . 

Gel HIgh! JOin us on Monday evenings 
lor SUFI OANCING Cless Bnng mu-
sical Instruments. 7-9 pm . 81 3411 
Sandrock Rd 297-1911 lOr Inlo. (411 7) 

housing 
Fem ale for 2 bed lu)(ury condom. 2 
bath $ 100 cross ocean in Oel Mar. 
753-3814 (M17) 

l-Bdrm & Studio apl in P B Beauls 
Heated POOl. elc. More students In 
bldg Mr. K 488·6007 (4117) 
Young teacher would like to ahare my 
huge 3 bdrm. SpaOlsh home in Solana 
Beach. Fireplace. sundeck With groat 
ocean view, prtvste room, bUlltins. 
much more. $100 mo. 755-8606 or 
461-5179 (4113) 
Own room in Ig Solana Beach house. 1 
blk 10 Beach. 572.50 Imo Call 755-
6653. (4117) 
Girl wants own room In house betw~n 
PI. Lome & UCSD. non-smoker. only. 
Sue M. '753 -7535 (4117) 
ROOMMATE NEEOED To share two 
bedroom, two baTh apt with medIcal 
student Hlilcresl area. No pets. S75 
Includ ing Ufl l,I1eS Alan Abrams 29 1-
2192 (4117) 
I want S room In 8 hoose for May. June. 
and meybe July. I wanl 10 pay S60 • 
month or less I am a good cOOk (I Will 
cook happily If you can provldeIOOd). I 
am tolerably agreeable Jeff Weinstein (0/17) 
NEEDED place to live this summer for 
2 1amales Musl be near UCSD Willing 
to sh8re house + rent wI t or 2 other (emale •. Con or Tnn. 453-8~26. (4117) 
1 bdrm, beaul. lurn epl. In P.B Phone 
488·6007, ask lor menager. end .. y 
Ed .enl you (41131 
AM & BOARD In exchange lor Cook. & 
1110 Hskpg Wa lk. DISI 10 UCSO 233· 
47 fJ 9-5 . (4 /27 ) 

wanted 
Trade my Ige 10-speed mans ill bike 
xlnl cond for aomethtng smaller -
preler ledy's 292-463~ (4117) 
WAN TED Unl_erally Chemlslry 
Mehan for NS2F Loave Message lor 
!A lk, In TT 01 or call 279·25 11 
evenrngs. (4117) 

general 
CHE EC H AND CH O NG 
CONCERT at Belmont Park, 
Apr. t8, Wed ., 6:30. 97¢ be-
nefit for Free Clinics of San 
Diego. Rides incl ud ed . 
Tickets will be sold at Re-
velle Plaza Friday and Mon-
day from 12-1. (4117) 

Do you want fo get the inside 
skinny about what it is really 
like in some oe the c lasses at 
UCSD? Meet some people, 
ta lk a tittle - It's easy to be-
come a pan, maybe even be-
come involved? The Stu-
dents' Educational Change 
and Development Center -
Lower Mu i r Commons . 
(4/17) 

Attention Sociology Majors 
and Potential Majors. There 
will be a meeting on Wed. 
Apr. 18, 4 p.m. at 20 2305. 
The meeting will be con-
cerned with a field research 
project for next fa ll with So-
cial Advocates for Youth. 
Possible University credit will 
also be discussed. (411 7 ) 

Important Tennis Club Meet-
ing on Tues. Discuss the 
Mixed Doubles Tournament 
to be held sometime this 
quarter. New members or 
non members we lcome. 
Light Turniut - No tourna-
men t. Tues . Apr. 17 P.E. 
Classroom In Gym . (4 / 17) 

The La Jolla Jewish Com-
munity will be celebrating 
Passover with a second night 
Seder, Tues. Apr. 17. Stu-
dents have been invited to 
attend at no cost. For info call 
Ingrid Kohn at 755-3725 by 
Sun. Apr. 15. (4117) 
Ep iscopal Bisho p Da nie l 
Corrigan noted peace acti-
vist will talk about Jesus of 
Nazareth to the Society and 
Human Values class, Tues. 
17 .2:00-3:30 in Bldg. 2A 
Room 2113. Open to visit-
Ing students. (411 7) 

WANTED; nOSI Fem rmle lor house In 
L J 56'6 own room. Can 453-8014 
eller 5 pm (4117) 
WANTEO; good. used copy of Psych 
TOday lor PSYCh 17 Please call Mark 
284-9762 aher 6 p m (411 7) 
Wanted. Mural-maker 10 color waH 
e'x30' Scholarships 8V811 Dial 453-
7665 Tell 'em Joe Senl ya_ (4117) -
Stereo Freaks unitel COl"'sumer 
strength lies In group purchaSIng Big 
diSC po«lble when people llaunl 
Almighty Dollars belore bUSlnessmon 
They gel guar. sa le. we gel "Preferred 
CuSlomer" slalu •. Arck 453-5470 Of 
George 453-9238. (4117) 
Wanted: Interested . intelligent stlJdenlS 
to read and syntheSIze true hfe stones 
Personal rewards. FeefDaung? X 2516 
ask lor CAPE (4117) 
Cor1In.!1 wanted - pref wagon - 9000 
body 8 must. Eng . Irans any cond 
MUSI be ~heapl 488-9903 (4113) 
Wanted : Info_ on reasonable Ig. 1 
bdrm. or 2 bdrm dwelling that Will be 
available 10 rent somelime In the 
monthS 01 May-July. Please call Claire. 
453-8233 (413) 
Wanted. Psych 16-17 book cheap pre-
lerred. 453·8013. Roland (4113) 
Needed. Why I. Well.r. So Hard to 
Re /o fm ; Eff iCiency, Eq uSllty , 
Own8l$hJp 01 Property 582-8423. (4113) 
Wanted· Koleman's Elementary Lmear 
Algebra call Ellen 81 453·8158 (A/13 ) 

WBnted F r Theater afler 1930 by 
Pucclon • . WILLING To Sell RODIN 
Please cell 582·3311. (4113) 
Ullilty IrSller pref enClosed at>out 6 III; 4 
h 10 carry haavy loed. $25·75. ph 453-
7678 (4113) 
Graduate student needs nde 10 IrVIne 
Apr 12 Call 453· 91 57 ask lor Annp (4113) 
OPEN POSitions lor reSident adVIsors (A A " 1 lOr 73-74 Apply Siudenl 
Employment NOW ( ~ 113) 
Ride WOOled fo N V C Of share dn .... · 
away With me LeaVing Apr 2~ 
Melvyn 755- 1258 Lots ol lunl (4124) 
Noed Ride 10 LA F.I Of Sal Aalurn on 
Sunday WI ll help P'Y fa' gal Ce!1 
Linda ~53 9143 (01 13) 
Wonled 04 .• peed 1968 Volvo In good 
condlhon Call Rrck al 453 529~ & 
I •• "" number (~ 1 1 31 

Dr. Wal)P,r H. Munk, Associ-
ate Director, Institute of Geo-
physics and Planetary Phy-
sics will speak to the Socl-e-
ty and Human Values class, 
Tues. 2-3:30 in Bldg. 2A 
Room 2t 13. Open to vis i-
ting students. (4/ 17) 
I. F. STONE SCHEDULE : 
Mon. Apr. 16 - " Freedom 
and Human Society", Part. I: 
The Natu re of Free-dom: 
Origins, Philosophy, and Ne-
cessity . 3:00 p.m. Revelle 
Formal Lounge. Wed . Apr. 
18 - "The Next Four Years", 
8 p.m. Humanities-Library 
Auditorium. Mon, Apr. 23 -
" Freedom and Human So-
ciety" , Part 11 -: The Heritage 
of the Framers and its Con-
temporary Relevance. 3 p.m. 
Reve lle Forma l Lounge . 
Mon, Apr. 30 - "Freedom 
and Human Society", Part III : 
Where Marxism Went Astray. 
3 p .m . Revelle Formal 
Lounge (4/27) 

A representative from K-
MART STORES, a subsidia-
ry of S.S. Kresge, will be on 
campus Tues Apr. 17 to in-
terview interested students 
for posit ions in the Manage-
ment Training Program. To 
arrange your interview, come 
to Career-Education Plan-
ning Services , 6th Floor , 
Bldg. 20 , Muir Co llege . 
(4/ 17) 

A representative from IBM 
wil l be on campus Thurs . Apr 
19 to interview students for 
positions in Data Processing 
Sales. To arrange your inter-
view, come to Career-EdU-
cation Planning Services, 6th 
Floor , Bldg . 20 , Mu i r 
College. (4 /1 7) 
A representative from the 
UPJOHN COMPANY will be 
on campus Wed. Apr 18 to 
interview students fo r POSI-
ti ons in Pharm aceut ica l 
Marketing (Sa les) . The na-
ture of work is to provide info 
on company products and 

WE NEED VOLUNTEERS. especially 
males and couples to share about 3 
hrs a wk on a personal lIasls With 
young people tn a Juvenile delinquency 
prevenllon program. SOCIAL AD-
VOCATES FOR YOUTH 277-4460 (4113) 
WANTED - OrganIc Chemistry Te)(l. 
preferably Hendnckson, Cram elc. or 
Roberts and Caseno, Cam 459-7242 (4113) 

POETRY WANTED 
for Poetry Anthology Please send 
poetry Wllh stamped return envelope 
to: Contemporary literature Press. 31 t 
Cal lforma Street. Sulle 412. San Fran· 
c'sco Cahlornl. 94104 (4124) 

travel 
UnIque Iravel expenences In remote 
parts 01 The world Write for brochure 
SO. The Explorers "A Ltd, Bo. 136. 
Walerlown, Mass 02172 (4120) 

EUROPE, ISRAEL. JAPAN. LOW 
COST s'ruoENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND. SKI & CAMPING TOUAS 
... .J .S.T., 1436 S LA CIENEGA BLVD . 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90035 (213) 652-
2727 (611) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA 
Siudent flights Camping lours Inler-
European Sludent charter flIghts tn-
eluding MIddle East and Far East 
Contact' ISeA. t1687 San VIncente 
Blvd No 4. L A CaM 90049 Tel (213) 826-5669. 626·0955 (616) 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club fees' 50 Departures. also NYC. 
Jopan a Australia YOUlt! Fares. too 
Sm"e 1959 ISTC. 3.23 N Beverly Or . 
Beverly H,H •. Ca 90210. (2131 275-
8180 (5129) 

10TH ANNU AL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE from S239 round Irlp. 
JAPAN Irom $359 round-Ir.p NEW 
YORK APril 14-22. S172 rOUndlr.p 
Call fOlgnl ChS"men . 583-1297, 4246 
Overland "'ve . DePI A Culver City 
90230 (4113) 

for sale 
Free - Ador 01 lillie dog - pari 
cnlnuanua 453-774 Lale pm. earty 
am (4117) 

poliCies. orally and with lit-
erature, to phYSIcians, phar-
mac ists and other practi-
tioners In private practice; in 
institutions; and in industrial 
concerns. To arrange your 
interview, come to Career-
Education Planning Servi-
ces, 6th Floor, Bldg. 20, MUIr 
College. (4/ 17) 

ACTION (Peace Corps and 
Vista) will be on campus 
Mon. Apr. 23 through Fn 
Apr. 27, in the MUIr Apts. 
T.V. Lounge. The Peace 
Corps is primarily interested 
in students with a B.A. (or 
more) in Li fe and Physical 
Sciences, Business, Home 
Ec ., Agricultural Sciences, 
Education, CiVil Eng., Math, 
and Economics. Vista is pri-

ma ri�y interested in Econo-
mics and the Social Scien-
ces. Drop in any time during 
the day to talk, ask questions, 
pick up literature and appli-
cation forms. (4/24) 
Wine Tasting Class. Baffled 
by a bordeaux? Don't know a 
pink elephant from a blue 
nun? Then join ou r wine tast-
ing class. 755-786t for info . 
(4/ 13) 

Dr. Gerry O'Neill , our Phy-
sics Colloquium speaker for 
Wed. Apr. 25 (4 p.m. 2622 
USB) has advised us that hiS 
topic "The Colonization of 
Space" would be of interest 
to und~ rg rad u a t e s . Dr . 
O'Neill is from Princeton Uni-
versity, cu rrently visi t ing 
Stanford. (4/24) 

Anention any or all student 
organizations - Budget re-
quests for the 1973-74 aca-
demiC year are due no later 
than Tues. May t . Any re -
quests for funding should be 
sent to the Campus Activity 
Fee Committee c/o 250 MC. 
(If hand-delivered see Molly 
in 250 MC.) (5/t) 
A calendar of Spring Quaner 
events, compiled by the 
Ca mpus Program Board , is 

Free puppIes - Shep -Collie mix 
XI391 or 436·0484 all 5 pm (4117) 

IO-speed Schwmn super sport. used 
few limes. $140 value only $100 -
come & see. MUIr 20 7067. Phil (4t17) 

I faclory-new Canon camera cases 
S6 ea - half relall price Don 453· 
0840 (4117) 
'69 Honda CB 350 very cleen Make 
ol1e. Call 453274-871< (4 17) 

'52 DOdge stervan exc. mechanical 
cond be.lol1e' Call 276·3510. 14117) 

PEUGOT Fo. Sale. $70. good cond,· 
hon Call 454-27 48 ASk for Vlck,e (4117) 
KOSS ESP 6 Hdphones - 545 
Lelsyen. AM FM Tuner - $75 453-
3392 (4117) 

FOA SALE Compiele SCUBA gea, 
Make oner Call 274·8714 (4"7) 

Wanted ClaSSical records In good 
CQ.1d,',on Call V's At1s e,d 1995 or 
297-1716 Phlhp De Genova (4117) 
1967 Del.un wagon Exc. Cond 
Regu lar shill. RadiO hea'er best oller 
2834122 (4117) 
Sears 106 lor pans or repa', Cheap 
mah.e me an offer Gall at nIgh' Mar~ 
279 ·281 3 (4117) 
1963 Ford Falrlane (VellQw) V8, auto, 
air good condttOfl $350 Ca/l 283· 
0971 ell., I,ve (4117) 
1970 Triumph Bonneville New p8'nt. 
around 2.000 onglnal miles Almasl 
new $850 459-459-9374 Of come 10 
Rm 712 , Portola Ha!I, 3rd COllege 
dorms (41t 7) 
Sony TCJ66 lape deck w ECM 1ge 
mike & 3 SLH tapes Ra"ly u ed All 
S 190 2724735 (4117) 
Pana nlC Cassette Tepe recor In 
periecl cond .,'3 cas $30 cell RICk 
583-9023 eher 6 pm ("17) 

F01 Sale Spks (10"&3 'I. Grd 55 
Turn."" SOl 70 I nk. Mark II reg 
Bon)O. Che.p gUllar 459-5994 (M17) 
A give 8wa~ - 3 ski liN ItCket lor 
SQ w Valley Good hi end 01. a on 
Rob'n 755·3668. 81111r 6 pm (4117) 

now available for anyone -
pick up a copy for yourself at 
the EDNA off ice In the lobby 
Of Urey Hall. (4/ 20) 
1972-73 Student Directories 
are stili available. Pick up 
one at the EDNA office In the 
Lobby of Urey Hall. (4/20) 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All Invi ted to play 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 
Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display in the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nities-Library Bldg., Re -
velle College, through April. 
The exhibition has been co-
ord inated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4/ 27) 
Alpha Phi Omega IS closing 
Its Book Exchange. If you 
have books or an account 
with them, please close all 
transactions during the week 
of Apr. 23rd . The Exchange 
is located on the plaza Side of 
Blake Hall on the Revelle 
campus and will be open 
from It a.m. to 2 p.m. Apr. 
23rd thru the 27tf] . Alpha Phi 
Omega and Revelle College 
Government will no longer be 
responsible for past ac-
counts following th iS date. 
(4127) 
Exhibition of crafts - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
sta ined-glass sculpture -
will be on display in the Cen-
tral University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi-
biti o n is by t he A lli ed 
Craftsmmen of San Diego in 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San DI-
ego for 3500 an educators. 
(4/27) 
The Revelle ReSident Dean's 
Office is interviewing for Fall 
ReSident AdVisor lobs. 
Please pick up your appli-
cations at Student Employ-
ment (210 MC) this week . 
(4/13) 

Cheap stereo phonogr a ph 
(Masterworks). oflbrand headphores 
Ca" Eroc 453-3392 (4117) 

Tel~ope Ce'eslro" 4 2 Inch r el~c. 
lor 4 eyepieCes Diagonal Camera 
adapter ax FInder Sturdy equslor1a, 
mount. $150 ',rm 753-862 tatter 7 
pm (4/17) 

La ValenClsna gUllar, nylon-string SSO 
With hard sl'1e I cao:.e D!'4'e 453·8884 or 
apI 031 41131 

56 IT GMC StKbd. V8. geared. AIT IOf 
mts exc lor heavy camper Best oller 
over $489 755-9439 (4113) 
MUST SELL Aeg Bay ThorougnO,ed 
1 I yr 17h Hunterl Jumperl Plea~ure 
$65" or besl olter 453·2525 (41131 
PaCIfic Eaqle 10 speed bIkes 4 sale 
brand new call 453-2286 (41131 

AKA 7"' tape lec cross f'eld heads, 
snd on snd 2 Panason,c spklS $130 
Call Gary 453·9045 MUSI sell (4113) 

Honda 175 1970 $190 Fan!Bstc 
Summer Transportallon MI.lSl sell 
becauc;e of debt 453·9368 (4 '13) 

1964 MG 1100 N~s home away 
from Hofm Aiso nt"f'dS wOrk $150 Cal' 

P~ HOlm 755-2056 (4/131 

68 Ponltac GTO 400 CI. 81,.10 trans 
e~c cond,llOn. S I 250 Call N'ck 45,3. 
9193 ,4"31 

Yai;Ohl8 SLR J5mm Cam~Ia MOO 1·3 
2 E"M" Rn e Fodr $75 .4 53 1055 (4 131 

F r'\der E: ectrlC GUItar E'lcellen\ coo-
IlIon, ~OI d bOdY. two p'Ck rg eat;y 10 

play $2011 Gar, 453 8957 14'1:11 

SMAll 8nj UGLY re 'r 'etor "'ork's 
we!1 - S to Paul 453 368 4 17) 

Have' 10 part WfgoOd omp.nton 
Nkun l 5 y~ 15 h.al'lds. f1asny "" to 
nut. 718 Ar I8n reglsler&d ASklnq 
S600 - conlact MlChe., ~ 2 16. 755-
8793 t41201 

L.ghlw .. qhl II« >an 10 speed 8es1 oiter 
Chari, 4539365 (41171 

Page 15 Friday, April 13, 1973 Triton Tim 



KGB 
R AD 10 

presents 
the warl d premiere of 

"TV OR NOT TV" 
April 19 - 8 pm 

CIVIC THEATER - SAN DIEGO 
PRODUCED BY NORTHWEST RELEASING 

Pag 16 Triton Times Friday, April 13, 1973 


