
Nader Challenges Universities 
By Rick J)rom 

Ralph Nader, in a speech last Wednesday, 
,challenged college students to "recover our 
country" by exercising their citizen rights . 

Nader said that "our educational system 
has avoided its most important role - citizen 
training." Without citizen training students 
become just "cogs" in giant industries and 
agencies. 

Nader stressed that the subtle nature of 
today's pollution problems is the biggest J 

o~tacle. "People are sensitized to pollution, 
he said. " If you could look at a glass of water 
and say " Hey the cadmium level is up 
today" perhaps people would be more 
concerned." 

colleges, is the automobile. Yet how many 
students do research on this killer? 

Nader asserted that while trememdous 
problems confront America, students are 
not critical enough of their surroundings and 
are in fact bored. 

are now in uperation in 189 colleges and 
universities across the country, including 
UCSD. 

They ha'le in common the fact that they 
are all student-organized and s tudent-run . 
The PIRG in Oregon, OSPIRG, has a yearly 
budget of $150,000 and is a household word in 
that state. With this money students hire 
professionals (lawyers, scientists ,) to work He told the capacity crowd in the Mesa 

College gym that major problems in this 
country have reached a critical level. But he 
stressed that no problem is too big to be , 
tackled by directed citizen action. 

But people often aren't even aware of the 
problem until it is too late, like in Duluth. 
According to Nader, "Our greatest 
challenge in the next 30 years is nothing less 
than to toilet-train American industry." 

To attack these major problems and 
excite students into action, Nader urged 
active support and participation in Public 
Interest Research Groups (PIRGs ). He 
praised PIRGs as "potent, democractic 
voices in the country." 

for them on a ful1-time basis. 
This union of students and professionals 

allow the group to be effective the year-
round and attack large, complex issues, 
according to Nader. A prime example of today's inequities is the current tax structure. Through the 

"swiss cheese nature of tax laws" Nader 
said that the rich pay little if any taxes; 
putting the burden on those less able to 
afford it. For example, President Nixon 
paid (less than 1/2 of 1% of his yearly in-
come in taxes in 1971 and 1972, according to 
Nader. 

Another issue Nader raised is the 
relevence of education today. He said that 
the leading cause of death for un-
dergraduates at Princeton, and most 

Nader described how PIRGs operate and 
why they can be so successful. 

Through PIRGs students can organize 
their talents and energy to work on the 
problems that most interest them. PIRGs 

He commented that San Diego's PIRG, 
the California Public Interest Research 
Group, (CALPIRG ) has been very effective. 
He said that CALPIRG's retail price survey 
project and its fat content of hamburgers 
survey have been prime examples. 

But through citizen action, loo!,holes in 
the law can be closed. Nader pointed out 
that "Congress fears the people ;; and is 
necessarily responsive if the people make 
their feelings known . It is a big "if" ac-
cording to Nader because last year only 40% 
of those 18-21 year-olds eligible to vote ac-
tually did. 

Another case cited by Nader was cor-
porate pollution. In Duluth, Minn. public 
health officials recently recommended that 
children under five "stop drinking the 
drinking water" according to Nader. It was 
discovered that a local steel mill had con-
tributed to the highest levels of asbestos in 
the Duluth water in the nation. 

Since this firm had been dumping 
asbestos in the drinking water for 17 years, 
parents asked " what about older children 
who have been drinking the water all their 
lives?" The officials replied that asbestos 
could cause cancer, but that if the children 
had drank the water over five years, it was 
too late to do anvthing about it. 

VOLUME 20 NUMBER 7 

Town Center 
Controversy 

An issue of viatl importance to everyone connected with 
UCSD will be brought before the City Council sometime in 
November. The issue is the prosed Town Center complex 
which would create a massive recreational, commercial, 
and residential center one mile east of UCSD. 

The complex would cover 106 acres at a cost of $150 
milion. It eventually would include 180 townhouses, three 
department stores, a number of office and apartment 
bUildings, tow hotels, at least 80 shops, and an ice skating 
rink. 

The complex has been approved by the City Planning 
COmmission and now awaits consideration by the City 
Council. 

A La Jolla Town THall meeting has been scheduled for 
Thursday, Nov. 1 to discuss the project. The meeting, 
which is open to the public, will be held in Summer 
Auditorium at Scripps at 7:30 p. m. At the meeting pro and 
Con views will be presented. (The University of California 
will present the pro side; the City Planning Department 
will present the other) . 

It is being urged that students express their preferences 
since the proposed development will have a deep and far 
reaching effect for good or ill on the status of the UCSD 
campus. The Nov. 1 meeting is one source of student in-
put. 

Those who argue in favor of the proposal claim that it 
would enhance the recreational, social, and commerclal 
POtential of the community. Chancellor McElroy and Dr. 
Clifford Grobstein, vice chancellor for university 
relations, have expressed suppor of the proposal. 

Those opposed to the project claim that it would have a 
highly destructive effect, causlng an over-concentration 
of the population and destroying the comparative isolation 
and aesthetic lntegrity of the UCSD campus 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Nader cited the defeat of Proposition 1 as 
CALPIRG's biggest task right now. He 
called Governor Reagan, who supports the 
iniative, " the number one political coward" 
because Reagan refused to debate the 
measure in front of the public. 

Nader concluded by teliing the crowd that 
the U.S. has not been living up to its 
potential. He urged citizens, of all ages, to 
become aware of the problems which we 
face today and work to solve them. He added 
that there is no better place to work than on 
campuses. 

CALPIRG will have a meeting tomorrow , 
October 17th, to discuss its role on campus 
and Proposition 1. All students, faculty and 
staff are invited to attend this meeting to 
find out more about CALPIRG. It will be 
held in the Fishbowl, below the Muir 
cafeteria, at 2:00 P.M. More information 
can be obtained by calling the CALPIRG 
chairperson, Ellen Wilson at 452-0288. 

Tuesday , October 16, 1973 

The Housing Dilemma-Part III 
By Hannah Cohen 

As of last Friday there were nine vacancies in the Third 
College residence halls and the number of triplexes at 
Revelle had decreased from 32 to 17. 

Rick Bayer, Assistant Resident Dean of Revelle, says 
the number of riples has decreased because his office 
made it much easier than usual for a student to break his 
housing contract. Usually breaking a contract meant that 
a student would have to pay an additional months room 
and board even though he wouldn 't be living there that 
month. This penalty was waived by the housing office so 
students who could not afford to break the contract 
because of the penalty now could afford to do so. 

According to Ed Tayfoya, the Third College President 
Dean, the nine vacancies in his halls are open to both 
Revelle and Muir students. However, Rick Bayer says 
that even though Revelle and is more overcrowded then 
Muir the vacancies wilJ be occupied by alternating 
Revelle and Muir students. This procedure for occupation 
of new vacancies was agreed upon by all three re ident 
deans at the beginning of the quarter . 

Despite the fact that there seems to be orne reli f in the 
Revelle Residence halls no su h relief eem in sight for 

Auto Parts Co-op Op 
Th U D Auto Parts ~ 

op opens today in th 
bottom £loor of Blak Hall 
on th R vell Plaza sid . 

The ~op i a r nt 
tud nt v nWrc to provid 

students, faculty and. tart 
Wlul r asonably pri {'d 
auto parts. By forming a 
cooperativ v nture lik 

this on th saving on 
parts an be sub tantial. 

'1'1 u to Pa rts ()-()p \\' ill 
b able to off raving!; on 
a iJllost an year or l1Iod I 
car on parts ranging frOIl! 
generator to Illotor oil. 
Oi counts will be frolll 15 t 
40%. 

TI ()-()I) Will be open 

Revelle cafeteria. This cafeteria is serving over 1,000 
people at ever meal with a 25-30 minute wait to be served 
at peak times. At Third College's cafeteria the wait, at the 
most, is 5 minutes. 

Last week all residence students had their pictures 
taken for meal cards. There will be no negatives made 
from the pictures taken. After pictures were taken each 
student received a temporary meal card. The permanent 
meal card will be ready for use in about two weeks. 

A new RD products $9000 computer system is now being 
utilized to check meal cards at all three cafeterias. 
Operated by a checker, the computer makes aits check by 
reading a strip of magnetic tape on the back of each card. 

The computer equipment was purchased from funds of 
the Food Service Reserve Account and it has a one year 
warranty on it. Once the warrently runs out Larry 
Barrett the Director of Housing and Food Services, hopes 
that a maintence contract can be work d out between his 
office and RD Products. 

Th picture meal tags whi h will co t $5000 ea h y ar to 
mak up, and like the quipm nt wilJ be paid for out of the 

Con't. on Page 3 

n 
tooa from 12 :30 -:I:OOp.m. 
and future hours will be 
po ted on th door. 



~pus Duties 
New Chief Views 

Chief Hugh French, his blue eyes reflecting the painting 
on the wall of his newly-decorated office, sat back and 
began to speak. He talked ci his past, his years with the 
San Diego force, and his visions for the deparbnent here. 

Chief French, the new head of the UCSD campus police, 
comes to us from the San Diego force, where he served for 
the past 21 years ( (Among other things he worked for the 
traffic division there.) His most recent position, was 
Captain and Director of Community Relations. 

That position was a perfect touchston~ for ' French, as 
his view of the job here is very much the same . He would 
like to devote most of his time to keeping or establishing 
friendly feelings on campus; towards establishing the 
force as " protecters" of the Community. 

The Chief has rather some definite ideas as to the role of 
the police, particularly on ,a college campus. He i~ not 
really in favor of the invasiont of privacy that sometunes 
goes on in " the city"; and feels that the police should truly 
be ' the servants of the community' here at school. He says 
he would like to think that they make possible the exercise 
of "ordered liberty" and that this is a necessary and 
protective service. , 

On the subject of gun control, the Chief supports the 
view that as long as there are guns, and people out there to 
use them, that the police ought to carry guns. He points 
out tha t a policemarl unarmed can do very little against an 
armed robber, unless he too is armed . He would like the 
stUdents here not to be disturbed by the sight of a gun 
hanging from the belt of an officer. His presumption is 
that if you trust the man, the gun won 't freak you out. And 
he believes that what the campus really needs is that trust 
anyways. 

About the men - The force here is comprised of 23 full 
time cops and two civilians. There are three detectives, 
fowsergeants , the Chief and his Lieutenant ( Bill Huff-
mann ), and fourteen men, and the department works a 168 
hour week. Since French arrived we also have eight 
student dispatchers , and the Chief would like to increase 
this program with time and proven success. 

When asked the old question, "What are the rights of the 
San Diego police?", the Chief admitted that they have full 
rights to come on campus. " But, " he said, "our force is 
autonomous and does not come under their jurisdiction," 
so they won't unless they are requested. 

In the meantime the Chief wants to work on "opening 
up the lines of co~munication," and one gets the im-
pression that he would like to play arbiter to the 
University more than anything else. 

The chief's second program, besides the student 
dispatchers, is Operation 1.0. This was the massive at-
tempt to register all bikes on campus, (as well as other 
articles of proven rip-off value) in the first two weeks of 
school. The aim of this is to discourage theft and facilitate 
recovery for any articles that are stolen. 

Also, the chief hopes to publicize the monthly crime 
reports and in this way to raise the consciousness of the 
student tcthehigh danger of rip off, hoping to instill some 
caution on the part of students. 

Other than this, the Chief would like his men to walk 
around and get exposure, to meet the students and to help 
build the kind of atmosphere of mutual support, that 
would add so much (in his opinion )to the campus. So, if 
you see a cop walking around, go up and say Hi . 

. ,. wt II ,l. CAt-\ 
For~eT 

- EItTlt.lG.--. 

cs§j""'--a---' 

Looking Back on 
Agnew's Demise 

On Wednesday, October 10, at 2:05 p.m. E .S.T. Spiro T. 
Agnew resigned as Vice President of the United States, 
and pleaded noo contendere (no contest) to federal 
charges of tax evasion, thus presumably bringing his 
remarkable and controversial political career to an end. 

In excahge 'for hi s resignation and plea of no contest he 
was given a light sentence of three years probation and a 
$10,000 fine. The deal was arranged in plea bargaining 
sessions with Justice Department attorneys. 

Agnew still faces criminal prosecution in Maryland on 
charges of receiving bribes, violating conflict of inerest 
statutes, and evading state income taxes. He also owes the 
Internal Revenue Service a considerable sum in back 
taxes and penalty fees, and faces possible disbarment by 
the Maryland Bar Association . 

Unitl the recent scandal broke, Agnew was seen as one 
of the leading contenders for the 1976 Republican 
presidential nomination . He rose to that position of 
prominence in a remarkably short time ; as recently as 
1957 he was president of his local P .T.A. From there his 
political fortunes skyrocketed, until his resignation last 
week. 

The chronology of Agnew's rise and fall : 
1957: president of the P.T.A., president of the Kiwanis 

Club, president of the Loch Raven Community Council. 
1957: appointed to $3,600 a year seat on Baltimore 

County 's Board of Zoning Appeals. 
1959 : named chairman of the Board of Appeals. 
1962 : elected to office of county executive. 
1966: elected Governor of Maryland. 
1968: confrontation with black leaders after Martin 

Luther King's death . 
1968: nominated Richard Nixon at Republican con-

vention, later picked by Nixon to be his running-mate . 

Continued on page 3 

Jewish Festival 
On this Thursday 

evening, the festival of 
Sukket is concluded and a 
new Jewish holiday im-
mediately follows . It is 
"Simhat Torah." or the 
festival of the .. Rejoicin~ of 
the Torah." 

In order to facilitate the 
study of the " Torah," or 
Five Books of Moses, by 
J ews the world over , it was 
div ided into fifty-four 
"Siddrot" or " Portions." 
Usually one portion is read 
each week of the Jewish 
Ca lender year, with oc-
casional doubling up taking 
place. On "Simhat Torah" 
the last sec tion of 
Deuteronemy is read, the 
Torah Scroll is reroll d and 
the cycle begins allover 
again with the reading of 
the first chapter of 
Gerft!sis . 

This yearly ren weI of 
the study of the Torah is a 
time for great joy in the 
Synagogue and is ac-
companied by s inging, 
dancin~ and a c ' !'emony in 
which the Torah S 'rolls ar 
carried around the 
Synagogue seven times 

wi th the children of the 
congregation in hot pur-
suit, waving flags 
speCifically intended for 
this occasion. These 
processions are known as 
" Hakafote. " ,. 

Simhat Torah has taken 
on a new meaning in the 
Soviet Union. Ordinarily 
deprived of their cultural 
heritage by the oppresive 
Soviet regime, the Jews of 
the U.S.S.R. take the op-
portunity of " Simhat 
Torah" to exercise their 
Jewish Identi ty . 

In past years thousands 
of Jews, young and old, 
have gathered around the 
old Moscow Synagogue and 
:<pontaneously broken into 
song dud dll n ~ In 
ce lebrat thi s fes ti v 
holiday . Unfortunat Iy, 
during the past few yea rs, 
the Mos ow pollee howe 
begun to put a grim 
damper on this p 'a' ful. 
joyful custom by \)r aking 
up the l'rowd and s nding 
th m <.III home. 

AJt~r Midnlqht 
By Joni Garwood 

Lytton Strachey walked into the room and pointed to the 
spot on Vanessa Bell's dress. 

"Semen?" 
There was a pause. Suddenly the room filled with 

laughter. Once again Lytton was Itproariwsly unex-
pectedly funny, and they laughed harder, perhaps, 
because now, in this moment of friVlouty, they had proved 
that they were free, yes really free, from the dark gloom 
and boxed mannerisms that had typified the age of Queen 
Victoria. They were young, in vogue, and detatched from 
the issues which gripped the rest of the world. They would 
and could do as they pleased, Aunt Minny be damned. 

This was Bloomsbury, a spot of land where the people 
who were later to become the new Brahamans of English 
art lived during the turn of the century. In a radius of a 
few blocks lived Lytton Strachey, famous essayist, 
novelist, and critic; Roger Fry, one of the first to in-
troduce post impressionist art to the English public; 
Desmond McCarthy, the foremost literary critic of his 
time; J . M. Keynes, the economist; T .S. Eliot, now a 
banker, later a poet of sorts; E.M. Forester, a novelist; 
and the Stephen sisters, Virginia and Vanessa, also known 
as Virginia Woolf and Vanessa Bell. 

The people of Bloomsbury led duplicate lives. One 
moment they were like children who wait for a reaction 
after using a sex-related term just learned. In the next, 
they spoke of the nuances in art, of the artists, and the 
route one should take to become a superb craftsman. That 
they would all eventually be famous, every one of them, 
was certain. Their destiny assured, they had the leisure to 
meditate on the topics they understood best. 

If as individuals the Bloomsbury group alternated 
between writing essays on G.E. Moore's Principia Ethica 
and furious notes regarding various love affairs, the 
spilling of secrets, and the banal , urbane, (and somewhat 
shocking) remarks of Lytton's, then as a group they stood 
united in the cause of intellectual and artistic freedom 
while simeultaneously snubbing authors who did not 
adhere to their views. And if they were often trite, ex-
cessively dramatic, and, let it be known, exceedingly 
decadent, they still produced work of unsurpassed ex-
cellence. 

They were people who ate ideas for lunch. The boys 
from Cambridge were taught to ask " What do you mean 
by-tat?" after every stray statement, forcing a speaker 
into a corner that could only be gotten out of after a 
coherent, lucid argument, factually supported and 
presented in the best manner of English rhetoric. 

They were brilliant, on the verge of a new era in 
literature, and they knew it. Much of their social freedoms 
were derived from this pride, this hubris, regarding the 
plethora of genius which filled the rooms in Bloomsbury. 
Really, no one could tell them to do a thing. 

Still (and here is the exception which ultimately reduces 
supposed perfection to rubble), despite their freedom and 
tolerance of bohemian ideas, they rejected D.H. 
Lawrence on grounds not entirely related to his novels. 
WQuite simply, he was not of their class, he had no family, 
his accent was Nottingham, not Cambridge. Of greater 
importance, though, was the spirit of his work. 
Lawrence's novels were like islands, distinct, masterful, 
solid as a rock, but just a bit too vivid and well . . .fecund. 
His prose was thick, strong, and his transcendentalist 
approach to sex made their witty remarks and pre-dawn 
adventures mawkish by comparison. Lawrence had no 
sense of the tradition or future of literature. He did the 
unforgivable. He wrote for himself. 

And what would a man such as Lawrence, the miners 
son, have in common with Lytton Strachey, the erudite 
lord of language and priest of culture? Not only Lytton, 
butall the Strachey's possessed an air of striking regality . 
They had elongated, drawn out bodies, wise, scholarly 
faces , and were invariabley portrayed slouched in shallow 
chairs with stickish legs protruding well into the center of 
the room. Lytton, it seems, always had a book propped in 
his lap, half-finsihed, but sure to be completed. Lytton was 
clean, a scrubed intellectual . Lawrence was a goat by 
gomparison. 

Thus one finds an element of class snobbery in 
Bloomsbury, that inheritance of the Victorian age which 
kept them from becoming more than just another literary 
'SOCiety crammed with scholars. Although it is recognized 
that if one had the clear mark of talent. It was possible to 
be without family and poor and still find a place inthe 
Bloomsbury group. But to be poor and without the 
knowledge of manners, to not bathe regularly on purpose, 
and worse yet, not to feel grateful for the assistance of the 
Bloomsbury patrons, was inadmissable. Deep down again 
in everyone of them, the Aunt Minny prevailed. 

Dispite the pretentiousness, the snobbery, the 
generosity. and tht'unified excellence, Bloomsbury's 
place in history Is guarenteed only because it had a star, a 
representitive with I ' voice of permanate uniqueness. 

Mter her first nov!:I , The Voyage Out, was published, 
people knew that Virginia Woolf's genius wasmore than 
merely conversational. It was a fact, as thouroughly as 
established as her father Sir Leslie Stephen had been in 
English society . And it was just as widely known among 
her friends that she was mad. 

It is precisely these two qualities of Virginia Woolf, her 
genius and her madness, that will forever cast her as 
being enigmatic and supra-human. While we are bewit-
ched by her prose, are swayed into nera unconsciousness 
by her images and themes, it is her personal life that 
finally sets her apart. We want to know her . If it were in 
Con't. on Pa 10 

Housing Con't From Page 1 
Food Service Reserve Account. However, if a student 
loses his meal tag it will cost him $5 to get a replacement. 

Larry Barrett says that the new meal tag system will 
cut down the use of lost or stolen meal tags and so cut the 
overall cost of Food Service. Picture Meal Cards might 
also be a stepping stone to a picture ID card for all UCSD 
students. 

Agnew Con't. Frcm P.le J 

1968 : became a " household word" with comments such 
as "if you've seen one slum, you've seen them al\." 

1968: elected Vice President of the United States. 

1972 : re-nominated by the Republicans despite rumours 
that he would be "dumped." 

1972 : re~lected as Vice President. 
1973: federal grand jury convened to investigate his . 

activities as Baltimore county executive, Governor of 
Maryland, and BVice President. 

1973: told Republican women in L.A. that he " was in-
nocent", that he would fight the charges against him, and 
that he " would not resign" . 

1973: resigns and pleads no contest to tax evasion 
charges. 

With regards to the Agnew case, U.S. Attorney James 
Thopson said," The man is a crook, no question about that 
at all. . .If that case had gone to trial and if those witnesses. 
had testified as they said they would, a conviction would 
have resulted. I have never seen stronger case of bribery 
or extortion." 

System Helps Com.bat Disease Outing Club News 
A special federally 

supported unit operated by 
the University of 
Ca lifornia , San Diego 
School of Medicine is 
furthering the medica I 
profession's knowledge of 
heart disease with the 
result that people suffering 
heart attacks may soon 
recover quicker and more 
completely than they would 
have several years ago. 

The unit is called MIRU, 
which is the acronym for 
Myocardial Infarction 
Research Unit. and is one 
of nine such systems 
around the country. 
Myocardial infarction is 
the medical term for heart 
a ttack . 

The National Institutes of 
Health recently awarded 
$967,000 to the School in 
continuance of its support 
of the program . 

San Diego·s MIRU was 
established in 1968 under 
the direction of Dr. John 
Ross, Professor of 
Med icine and Head of the 
Depa rtment of Medicine's 
Cardiology Division at the 
School. Since then it has 
been used conti nuous ly to 
monitor heart attack 
patients and coUect data 
describing cxactly what 
happ ns during and after 
the attack. 

Dr. Ross describes the 
MIRU as an intensive care-
faci lity supported by basic 
science laboratories. The 
faCili ty is physically ad-
jacent to the Coronary 
Care Unit (CCU) at 
University Hospital and 
with its complement of 
sophisticated medical 
equ ipment it enhances the 
quality of care that the 
CCU provides. In addition, 
Information tallied by the 
MlRU and studied by 
I'esea rchers at the School 
of Medicine provides new 
leads for those who are 
trying to develop better 
means of treatment and 
ra re. 

While medical scientists 
worki ng in cooperation 
With Dr. Ross are learning 

~ore a bout myocflrdia 1 
Infarctions, patients in the 
2-b~ unit are surveyed and 
ass isted by built-in X-ray 
ca meras, computers and 
other intensive carc In-
stru ments designed to 
cons tantly check the 
Patient's condition and to 
determine the eldent of 
damage to the heart and 

ot~r systems of the OOdy . 
With this (·onstant SUI'-
vClllan the patient is 

assured of the latest in 
care. treatment, and, in-
e reasingly , a speedier 
recovery. 

Specifically. the goals of 
the MIRU program. as 
outlined by Dr. Ross, are to 
characterize the precise 
course of heart attack 
patients, identify critical 
factors which may in-
fluence the disease, assess 
the effects of existing and 
new therapies as well as 
environmental influences 
and develop ne~ 
measurement techniques 
which may be needed for 
the investigations. 

Garnering this much-
needed infOI'IIIC'ltion 
requires the expertise of 
various departm e nts 
within the School of 
Medicine. 

The Department of 
Surgery is looking for ways 
of assisting the body 's 
circulatory system to 
overcome shock. They also 
have a program to study 
surgical I'evascularization 
procedures as a llIeans of 

preventing heart attacks in 
s usceptible people. 
Revascularization entails 
replacing a poorly func-
tioning artery to the heart 
with a healthy segment of 
vein from some other part 
of the body . 

The Department of 
Radiology is perfecting 
techniques which utilize 
radio-isotopes to determine 
heart size and to provide an 
image of the damaged area 
of the heart. 

Other participating 
researchers are studying 
the release of enzymes 
from damaged heart 
tissue, the effects of 
various pharmacologic 
treatments such as 
digitalis and dopamine, 
and new agents aimed at 
limiting damage to the 
muscle. It appears hopeful 
that the course of illness 
can be modified by the use 
of drugs as well as surgery. 

The program 's interest 
extends beyond just the 
patients in the hospital. 
Many recovered patients 

are monitored during their 
daily activity at home to 
determine which ones may 
be at risk for additional 
myocardia I infarctions 
with the hope that their 
activi ties can be modified 
or drugs used to reduce the 
risk. 

In all facets of the 
MIRU 's operation the 
computer plays a major 
role; as a storehouse of 
research information and 
as a monitor of the 
patient's condition. 

Key medical personnel 
working with Dr. Ross 
include Drs. lames Covell, 
Joel Karllll!:", and Robert 
O'Rourke of the Depart-
ment of Medicine; Drs. 
Eugene Bersf.ein and Ralph 
Dilley of the Department of 
Surgery ; Drs. Colin Bloor 
and Harley Sybers of the 
Deparbnent of Pathology ; 
and Dr. William Ashburn of 
the Radiology Department. 
Also involved in the 
Program are Drs. Nathan 
Kaplan, Joanne Ingwall, 
Marlene DeLuca , and Dean 
Franklin of campus basic 
science departments. 

The lure of the outdoors has hit UCSD students, faculty 
and friends of same with full force this year. A couple of 
weeks ago a sign on campus read BACKPACKERS 
UNITE! urging students to attend an organizational 
meeting of the UCSD Outing Club - the result was rather 
tremendous with over one hundred and forty persons 
crowding into the P.E. conference room with interests 
ranging from river rafting to cross-country skiing (back-
packing and rock climbing enthUSiasts were of course out 
in full force ). 

The UCSD outing Club, otherwise known as MUIR OC 
is hea~ed for a· busy:ear and the grwp is taldng steps U; 
adapt Itself from Wllitt was once a small equipment Co-op 
to what is now the largest recreational club at UCSD. Last 
week members moved to replace " elected officers" with 
s~stem Of. rotating Program Chairpersons. This system 
Will help give each member a share in the responsibility of 
running the club (and will make for much more varied 
and interesting meetings ). 

Several rock climbing trips have been done giving 
beginners as well as more experienced climbers practice 
at belaying (climbing with ropes ), face climbing, friction 
and crack climbing. Also, backpackers have been busy 
the last two weeks with trips to San Grogonio, Anza 
Borrego, Heteh Hetchy and more planned to go this 
weekend. One of the best points of being a member, aside 
from the plentitude of fellow outdoors nuts is the 
priviledge of renting specialized equipment from the club 
for about one-fourth the rental cost of outfitters and the 
chance to buy at reduced rates through group purchase. 

The club plans to meet bi-monthly to get together and 
plan trips. The next meeting is this Wednesday at 8 p.m. at 
room 201 MC next to the bookstore. New members are 
always welcome. See you there. 

~e buy most Merchandise below normal wholesale Prices including I~ew, Bankruptcies still in factory 
:>ealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Most makes and 
models. 

lRiJSr ealY 
'3111 terml 
.uRfIRI.-

, 

I 
I 

... 

. 

I .. 
I: 

aiJ;i_~III~ia 
Ga_aR. &., ••• 'c' ...... . 

Diamond needle - Fet circuitry Y" $1 61 7 
La,ge lull re • ..,..ke, ar-tem _ .. VI • 5 
Adlullable heeclpho"". etc. ... 

FREIGHT LI UIDATORS 

200 ..... 
All ... 

Lay-Aways and 
"'Kf.L .. t'36"~ Trade- Ins Accepted -x 
Sav.'202'" ...... .......".... 
p~::. $167.20 

3459 EI Cajon Blvd. 

s ••• s, .... 
, .... ,-, .... 

-Ml .. nc ••••• 
283-6368 



, , 

tnLOn •••• 
tturry Up, Please 

It's Time 
by Mason Powell 
Armr~d with the petition to the U.N. about Chile and the 

inform.ltion we had gleaned over the past few months 
from the New York Times, Manchester Guardian, and Le 
Moncle, two friends and myself entered a Muir dorm one 
recent evening to canvass for signatures. One started at 
bottom, and two of US went to' the eighth floor to work 
down. 

The first people w~ saw were a couple in the lounge, legs 
entwined, the boys with a cap saying USMC. We showed 

th~ petition to them and the girl stunned us both by 
declaring she knew some people in hile, the coup was 
inevitable and she was glad it had happened . Never 
before or ~ince have I met someone so brazen, so honest, 
and so utterly without any social redeeming value. Her 
boyfri.end, legs still entwined, was more devio~ : ~e 
explain~ he knew little about what had hap~ned m 
Chile, so how could he intelligently sign our petillon? The 
juxtapoSition of these two responses was not lost on me. I 
gave him some literature and told him of the upcoming 
teach-in so that he could learn what had happened, and 
then be able to act intelligently. 

We then wentto a student's room. It was Monday, and a 
football game was on their television. Nevertheless we 
were invited in. One boy signed; another refused to look 
away from the television set even to acknowledge our 
presence; and the third explained that he was apathetic · 
and besides, we were advocating meddling in the internal 
affairs of another country. This is the line the state 
department has used about Chile, after having subsidized 
(via the CIAl the four month truck·owner's strike that 
helped, along with the famous U.S. insti~ated "invisible 
(economic) blockade", to destroy the Chilean economy. 
His argwnents can be compared to another ignoramus I 
encountered who did not believe Chile had a free press 
under Allende ; but I ain sure he did not know that the 
major Santiago newspaper , EI Mercurio, is owned by a 
Mr. Edwards, a vice-president of Pepsi cola who is living 
in Connecticut. It is oneofthe two papers out of an original 
twelve the junta has allowed to continue publishing . The 
others were ·bombed. 

Over half the rooms we saw that night had television 
sets · our friend saw a color oIle ; and every room that had 
a sei had it turned on. We saw several beautiful electric 
guitars with very nice amplifiers and speakers, and ten· 
speed bicycles. A few students were studying, some 
without the aid of a television, but many did not know 
enough about Chile to sign the petition. I have heard this 
response again and again. I talk to these people and gIVe 
them facts ; for they will not believe in theory, and I guess 
have never wondered what the CIA does with all its 
money ; why President Kennedy created the Peace Corps 
and the Green Berets almost simultaneously; or what the 
Hickenlooper law actually says. I tell them about the 
teach-in ; but they did not come. There were people there 
true but most who were interested enough to come were 
also'interested enough to have read even the LA Times the 
past few months and had already signed the petition . 

I have asked many people to sign this petition. Many 
have signed; many have not and have excused themselves 
by their ignorance: but without shame, without em-
barassment, and occasionally even self-righteously. Are 
they proud of this ignorance? Tnis ignorance that allows 
them tacitly to give consent - while pleasing ignorance - to 
the exploitation, murder, and blatantly repressive tactics 
of the U.S. Why are these people, the ones who need to 
know facts about U.S. involvement, unaware of the 
Watergate-revealed 111' memo (among others) from ITT 
field operatives in Chile concerning a message Am-
bassador Korry received from the state department : 
"The message gave him ( Korry) maximum authority to 
do all possible - short of Dominican Republic type action 
(invasion) • to keep Allende from taking power." It has 
been three years since, and the U.S. has increased its 
repression to the point of a fascist, murderous coup ; but 
now ITT shreds its memos, and even if we were to have 

-

triton times 
Editor-in-Chief ........... David l. Buchbinder 
City Editor ....... .. .......... . ..... Greg Hicks 
""' .. nilps Editor ............... Michael Sesma 
Copy Editor ... .... .............. James G. SOlO 
IIUliness M .. nilser ............. Nancy Mancino 

l~cltori .. 1 Diredor .. .. . ... .... .. . Mark McCarty 
.'rts Editor ...... . ................ Larry Deckel 
Sports Ediior ......... . . ........... Eric Raisters 

:fc~e Editnr .. -............. . . : '.' .. Bob Nau 
~osr .. ph)' Editor ... .. ....... Malcolm Smith 

ret .. ry .... . . .. ... .... .. . .. .. Corinne (''leas 
Usoci<lte City Editors ............... Riek Drom 

Hannah Coh .. " 
AISI. Business M .. n .. ser ........... Ramon Ruiz 

'he TRITON TIMES is Officl.ll1y recognized .. s .. 
student newsJNper by the Communication Boud 
of the Uninnity of Ctllifornia, San Diego, Bu;lding 
lSO, MtItthews Cilmpus, La Jollil, Ctlliforniil 92037. 
Publktltion is twice weekly on Tuesdtlys tlnd 
Frid4lys. Offices <Ire lonted in Room 117, Blake 
H ... , .~eIIe Ctlmpus. For advertisinll phone 453-
1721, or 45]-2000, X 1017; for editoriill or news 
phone X 1.16. 

Page 4. Triton Times October 16, 1973 

'HELLO? MR. NIXON? MR •• R.ZHNEV? COULD YOU SPEAK UP A LmLE, PLIASI • 

another Watergate, would these people listen? 
These actions are allowed to continue, to an extensive 

degree, by the proud ignoramuses walking around our 
campus who through their laziness and desire not to learn 
are insulated frorr. the outrages any vestige of civilization 
left in them might inspire. 

The Triton Times 
Salutes 

Law And Order 

nA Damned Lie" 

united campus ministry 
• 

student ervice - Sundays 
lOam 

r velle formal lounge 

What's Wrong With 
The Weed? 

by Finley Burke 
The reason people turn on with marijuana is because 

it's fun . That's the primary reason , although there are 
others, especially for the novice. . 

The rock concert serves as a kind of conversion ritual 
for many beginners. The concert-goer , enveloped in a 
haze of sharp-smelling smoke, soon realizes that a large 
proporition of hi s feIlows are partakers of the 
Resistance crumbles, and the next step is 
perimentation. Once his initial hesitance is overcome, 
prospective smoker begins to learn how t!' enjoy 
curious, uplifting sensations. produced by mhahng 
magic smoke. 

Strangely enough , the first several times he :SUlIU"'::S. 
marijuana , the novice usually feels very little effect at 

. 'He must gradually learn to relinquish a certain degJ:ee 
control over his mind and to interpret the unusual 
sations of intoxication as pleasureable. These It:O:UII!~. 
may not be enjoyable or even noticeable at first -
dizziness, speed-up in time sense, and the many 
definable little rushes that so delight the more 
perienced smoker. Soon, however, with the 
moral support of his fellows and the will to succeed, the 
novice will be stoned, prsumably "out of his gourd." Any 
doper will tell you that the first time is always the best. 

The novice then progresses to the "creati ve" use of the 
drug. He discovers that many activities he formerly 
enjoyed are rendered even more enjoyable, and even 
the most mundane activities can be accompanied by a 
euphoric buzz of sensory appreciation . The "convert" 
often fi nds that it's just as much fun to smoke dope alone 
as with a group . He learns to carefully calibrate his intake 
of the drug by rolling var!ous size joint . He may move up 
to the more technical aspects of controlling smoke 
inhalation, such·as usin!! I'llrhuretors, water pipes , sp ial 
clips, and other paraphenalia. 

As hi s exper ience grows, he combines smoking with 
wide range of other activities. Soon he is getting toned 
watch TV, to go to the movies, to go to school , to 
meals . or even to read books. Of course, he also 
know the amazing bliss to be had by listening to 
music while under the influence. And those who 
knowledge of alcohol soon find that the mixture of 
and beer or wine conCers one of the most ilnr'mIV_ 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 

What 's Going On 
In The Mid~East? 
Learn The Facts! 

Rally 
for 

Israel 
Tuesday, Oct. 16 

12 Noon Revelle Plaza 

ThIs IS Ihe way you've 
10 learn ... and 
accrediled sludy with I Iss.em81 .... 
semesler 01 Irlvel 10 
Ilia. lhe Orlenl. and lho 
Over 8500 sludenls Irom 
have already particlpaled. 
aid Is Ivallable. Write now lor 
calalog . 

WeA, Ch8pm8n 
8081000, 

Weed CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 
gratifying mtoxications known to man. The mystical 
attainment of sensory enhancement and euphoria by 
means of a thin little cigarette opens up a whOle new 
realm of deep a~preciation of one's body and mind, or so it 
would seem. LIfe takes on a bright new dimension' 
boredom is banished forever, because there is always ~ 
new euphoric experience to look forward to . 

The av~rage doper believes that marijuana is, in many 
ways , an Ideal escapist drug. It always produces euphoria 
in moderate amounts , and even the so-called "overdose" 
isn't much worse than a hangover. The intoxication lasts 
one to four hours, depending on the Quality of the weed. 
(Since I am not a real connoisseur oC the art I am not 
qualified to delve into the more esoteric ~rets of 
smokery, sucb as bow to evaluate various types of weed 
the comparative merits of pipe and joint, or the precis~ 
details of rolling, lighting, and inhalation .> 

It is quite possible to drive a car safely while stoned 
with a little concentration and practice. This is because 
the active chemical in marijuana, called THC is not 
baSically a depressant drug, but a weak halluci~ogen. 

Another thing that users appreciate is the effect on taste 
perception . A simple snack or meal is transformed into a 
~ruly beautiful experience. And many users will claim 
that sexual enjoyment is greatly augmented by the drug. 
But one of the most important factors is that of reverse 
tolerance - tbe more often you smoke, the less you have to 
smoke to get stoned. A daily user can get a mild buzz from 
just a . few tokes. With all these advantages and good 
feelings of various kinds in the forefront of his mind it is 
usually difficult for the confirmed user to see any r~ason 
why he shouldn't indulge whenever he feels like it. 

Believe it or not, though, there is a negative side to dope 
. smoking. First of all, consider what euphoria means . It is 
a genuine perception of pleasure that does not originate 
directly from an outside stimulus. A stoned person will 
feel euphoric even if he is sitting still with eyes closed. 

The Triton Times Nixon-Agnew Dump 'Em Derby has 
been won by David Buchbinder , Triton Times Editor-In· 
Chief. " Agnew is as crooked as they come and deserves 
whatever they could throw at him," he commented. 
Bucky says that he will spend his $743 prize on Spiro 
Agnew watches, which he will then sell at a tremenrlous 
profit to students and other effete snobs. He added, "I will 
save one and add it to my collection of a Ulysses S. Grant 
Cigar, Warren G. Harding Spitoon and " Dick" Nixon 
Vibrator." 

western 
Slate 
un-versity 
co lege 
01 aw 
01 san diego 

I s now accepting 
men and women who 
have a minimum of 
Two Years of 
Acceptable 
College'C,edits 
(60 unital . 

Graduates are 
el igible to take 
the California 
Sta t e Bar 
Examination. 

The Degree of 
ll.B or J.D. can 
be earned in 4 
Years of PorI· 
lime Classes. 
(TIIr .. eluus ,er 
w .. ~ .t t.It, ., 
I .. , hlrs IIC.). 

AI (1111111. I.stillti .. t., F •• .,.II, 1.11". 
St .... t l.ns. 

Call or Write Today for more Information or Catalog. 
The Western State University Building 
1333 Front Street, San Diego, 92101 

(714) 232·6506 

This means ~8t the euphoria is al'tificicial, caused by the 
chemical which circulates in the bloodstream and is 
carried .to the brain. There is a definite psychological 
aspect Involved, however, or the . '!uphoric response 
wouldn ' t have to be learned. A flow 01. more or less ran-
dom tnoughts and images begins, deadening or even 
supplanting entirely whatever emotion was there in the 
firs~ place. It ~ke~ a few hours for .the "straight" modes 
feelmg and thinking to re-assert themselves. in the 
meantime, the user 's judgement is altered so that he feels 

"g~" regardless of how. he felt before lighting up . Pop 
musIc sounds new and dIfferent every time, and other 
forms of entertainment, like TV, seem much more 
meaningful and often hilariously funny. Does this mean 

t~e TV show or concert is really better than it was? No, it 
SImply means that one's tolerance for inanity has been 
ar~ficially inc~eased, thus numbering the powers of 
c!1tlcal analYSIS. The habitual smoker is apt to find 

hlm~elf actually enjoying a lot of mediocre, repetitious 
• musIc and watching rapid, senseless prime-time TV 
shows. And many dopers will cruise around in their cars 
alone or in groups, looking for "action" and deluding 
themselves With the Idea that they' re having fun. No 
wonder alcohol is so often needed to dull the perception 
still further. 

There have probably been no rigidly scientific studies 
linking marijuana use to " loss of . ambition. " Never-
theless, there is a relation between the two but not 
necessarily one of cause-and-effect. No doubt there are' 
many highly motivated, productive dope smokers, but 
there are a much larger number of users who are <lOntent 
to vegetate in a rut of their own making. One reason for 
this is the disturbance of short·term memory and 
foresight during intoxication. Past and future fade into 
obscurity, and the present takes on an impressive im-
mediacy. It may be easy to remember dreams but almost 
impossible to recall one's thoughts of only a f~w minutes 
ago. ~ng-term goals become difficult to keep in mind, the 
on~y .lncentive being immediate sensory gratification. 
ThiS m turn promotes a generally hedonistic frame of 
min.d, making hard mental or physical labor quite un. 
desirable. When the present moment is all·important and 

ROSE SMITH 
1010 FLOWER DRIVE 625-0000 

CA RNAT ION, CALIFORNIA 92000 

one's bodily urges have seeminsIy been completely 
fulfilled , it is rather hard to either learn from the past or 
plan for the future . 

One thing to take into account is that marijuana, like 
any other drug, affects different people in different ways. 
It makes some people drowsy and stupefied, while others 
feel so stimulated they couldn't sleep if they wanted to. 
Users who are latent psychotics might find themselves 
going off the deep end, while neurotics may feel a kind of 
tense paranoia. Natural extroverts may become more 
talkative and effusive than ever, but introverts will be so 
filled with inner bliss that they won't bother to com-
municate, and may become even more inhibited than 
usual. Some have contended that males and females are 
afCected very differently by marijuana, but this concept 
requires further investigation. In general , the emotional 
numbing effect of drug-induced eupboria tends to destroy 
the usual expressions of an individual 's personality, until 
the only emotion Celt is a shallow, inwardlooking con-
tentment. 

. The serious marijuana user soon finds definite physical 
Side effects from heavy use. The throat is irritated by the 
harsh, hot smoke. The eyes, which are reddened as the 
veins dilate, sometimes become dry and itchv. The lune:s . 
may also be noticeably irritated, just like with cigarettes, 
except at a slower rate. One interesting thing that 
researchers have found is that continued usage of the drug 
reduces the dream content of sleep, so that more sleep. is 
needed. The previously mentioned phenomenon of reverse.) 
tolerance has alSo turned out to be a mixed blessing. It has ' 
been shown that moderate amounts of THC or related 
compounds are deposited in the fatty tissues of the organs 
and remain there long after intoxication has ended. 
Presumably there are always fair amounts of THe in the 
brain of the heavy user, so that much less is needed to 
elicit the desired effect on a given occasion. Alcohol, on 
the other hand, is either excreted or broken down in the 
liver a few hours after consumption. The Question that 
arises is this : Is the regular marijuana user subtly in-
fluenced by the drug even when he isn't stoned? And if so, 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 

817 
90-60 
l222 D.:-6' THE rORDERv~ ________________________________ ~ 

UNITE D 
STATES 
NATIONAL 

B ANK 
"L".' _________________________ ~~ 

.mup 
COld. eCish. With Desi9n ••• Check~· 

. The newest Idea In personalized checking, available only at United States 
National Bank. Just select a picture of yourself, your product your kids your pet 
your boat ~ .. anything you like. Then we'll print it onto your perso'nal or busi~ess checks: 

It s a great way to provide positive identification and make your checks truly 
personal. 

Perf~ct for use with Frugal Check, our no-charge checking plan for personal 
accounts (wrtte checks free with a $100 minimum daily balance). . 

. Check into Design-a-Check and Frugal Check-two more great checking 
services from the bank where everything starts with you. United States National Bank. 

Now ove, 51 billion ",on9' DesigJl-a-CI1ecI(. 
An exclusive 

service of United 
States National 

1- - - """",1.1" IIHe 
I 
I 
I 
I Mll!l il to : Where everything d~uh with you. 

Uniled State, Not ional 8anl Ma,loling O.pt. 
P.O. 801 1550 
Son Diego. Ca . 92112 
PlelHe send me lin order ~it for Ue.'qn .. a, 

Name 

Address 

City 

State ZIP 
T 

----------------- , TORREY PINES OFFICE· 8939 Vii/a La Jolla Dnve.(714) 453-4483 

Pagc 5, Triton TIm 

Bank. 

tob r 16, 1973 



-------

...... 

THE BIG NOVEL OF THE YEAR! 

by 

Lonnie Coleman 
Cloth only 

$8.95 

The vivid, sweeping story of 
a rich Georgia plantation in 
the Golden Age of cotton -
1820 to 1861. Hailed as the 
greatest {amil y saga of the 
Old outh since Gone 
With The Wind 

Now at the 

University 
00 k store 

tor 
Hours: 
8·4: ::ro 
Mon.- rio 

Alvin Aile,Y Cit,y Center Dance Theatre 
----st Chance 

Today, Tuesday October 
16, is your absolute last 
chance to enter Quiz Kid 

H 'N' C ld FI h Contest III, the Junior Arts ot 0 as es Drawing FesUval. In other Theatre: DOD Maker words, if all you lazy-bones 
" Jabberwock," a new comedy by Jerome 

Lawrence and Robert E. Lee, begins in a 
vein similar (if a little more varicose than 
some) to 873 other comedies this writer has 
seen . 

The first scene (inevitably slow) gets the 
playoff and staggering in a series of 
chaotic, if vaguely related "comedy 
episodes" that take the place of trying to 
develop a good plot. It makes up for in noise, 
ludicrousness, and confusion what it lacks in 
SUbtlety, depth and credibility. 

The play is not a total omelette; it has 
some very good scenes and some very nice 
characters, made better by the fine acting 
the Old Globe Theatre generally manages to 
procure. It is just that so many of the parts 
seem like stereotyped characterizations of 
members of a family of "freaks" that they 
were difficult to relate to as people. 

The play ' is aUegdly the late teen years of 
James Thurber, and yet even such a 
humorous fellow as he must have had a few 
sane, or at least quiet, moments of his life. 

than is written into me scnpt: who have been sitting on 
John Sinor turns in a truely sterling your crayolas don 't stop 

performance as Jamie's father, who is the procastinating you're going 
only relatively sane (though not always to have missed your chance 
sensible) relation. for fame and shame. 

C. Wayland ("Cappy") Capwell is ab- AU entrys must be post-
solutely delightful as the fruit~ake Grand- marked or received at the 
father which is one of the best written parts , Triton Times Office by beca~e he has moments of sanity which are midnight tonight (Pacific 
well timed and exquisitely executed. Coast time) or they just 

Director Charles Vernon has done a fine won' t be elligible for the 
job of coordinating the technical aspects of car e full y pol a r i zed 
the show, and blending the fragmented screening and judging which 
script into a more pleasant harmony of odd is soon to follow . 
characters and strange actions. But a few of To reiterate the rules of 
the scenes lack sufficient pace, and some of the contest just one last 
the comedy business is merely bad slap- time : Draw, sketch, or 
stick, particularly a painful scene Jamie has somehow create a "lovely" 
with a botony instructor. picture that would have 

But if you have an indulgent nature , and a made your second grade 
predilection for "good, clean fun" in teacher Mrs. VinceUette sigh 
theatre, you might enjoy taking in an a sobering sigh of primary 
evening at the Globe main stage, curtain at ectasy, and send it to us. If 
8:00-nightly except Mondays. the picture is printable 

For a little heavier material, you might (which means it's done in 

The term " modern dance" too often con-
jures visions of willowy Isadora Ouncanesque 
figures draping scarves, meanl.esslv flitting 
about stage crying, "My life is a fig leaf." 

The AI.vin Ailey City Center Dance Theater, 
performmg Wednesday night at the Civic 
Theatre by the grace of the Cultural Arts 
Board of San Diego State University, proved 
that, nodern dance can evolve creative forms 
trul, worth experiencing. The melange of 
barefoot ballet, cool jazz, and the ever-
present . "modern dance" aroused and 
gratified the hungry capacity audience. 

The evening commenced with The Lark 
Ascending, a lovely and wonderfully moving 
work. The stage soared with luscious young 
larks. The sheer joy of dance escaped in every 
movement of the ensemble. 

Floating above all was Dana Shapiro, a 
lovely yellow lark. However, despite her 
singing grace she suffered from some minor 
insecurities. The ensemble, too, appeared a 
bit ragged at points. 

Cry, intended " for all Black women 
everywhere - especially our mothers," 
provided a vehicle for Judith Jamison, the 
company's leading member, to exhibit her 
solo talent. Ms. Jamison is a veritable Black 
Amazon dominating the stage at her first 
appearance. 

The starting movement or Cry was slow, 
pantomimic, and almost disappointing. In the 
second episode however, the agonizing , 
moving qualities of the work were painfully 

evident. I wanted to cry. 
The third section provided the raison d'etre 

of the piece. With the rocking beats of the 
music and the liquid rOlling and thrusting of 
the soloist we could say, "Ah yes, now 
THAT'S Judith Jamison." 

The subject of Rainbow Round My Shoulder 
was the fantasies of the men doomed to work 
on the chain gang. Choreographed by Donald 
McKay Ie, this episodic ballad allowed the 
company's male contingent the opportunity to 
perform some sleek slow jazz. Sara Yar-
borough, identified as "The Dream 
(Sweetheart/Mother /Wife)", was touching, 
sensuous, erotic, maternal - a fantasy in 
brown. 

The final piece of the evening was 
Revelations. This suite was, designed to ex-
plore the evolution of " American Negro 
religious music. " 

Pilgrim of Sorrow, the first section, was 
performed effectively behind a dark scrim. 
The ensemble stretched and swayed in 
harmonious, abstract revival meeting stance. 

Take Me to the Water dazzled. The dancers 
celebrated, costumed in flowing, striking 
white. At one point "water" (chiffon) flew 
across the stage, heralded by nynphs in white. 
Especially lovely in this section was Estelle 
Spurlock, dainty and lively. Dudley Williams, 
too, displayed inordinate strength and con-
trol. 

Move Members, Move concluded the suite 
and the evening. A glossy gymnastics display 

by Kenneth Pearl, Michihiko Oka, and John 
Parks was reminiscent of a similar device 
employed by the Bolshoi Ballet Company in 
their " BaUet School. " But oh, the flying, 
bolting, darting bodies! If only they could 
continue forecer. 

The finale of the work was danced to 
" llilcka My Soul in the Bosom of Abraham." ' 
It was almost an anticlimax-just when we 
should have been clapping our hands and 
singing along. The enthusiasm just wasn' t on 
stage. It was, however, in the audience, which 
gave the company an unqualified standing 
ovation. 

The lighting - hy Chenault Spence, except 
for Revelations which was designed by 
Nicola Cernavitch - was effective and moody. 

The company imported its own sound 
system, which wasn't necessarily an asset. 
The music, especially on Revelations. was 
often too loud and appallingly distorted. This 
created a grossly unpleasant accompaniment 
to some beautiful dancing. 

Let us hope that the wonderful reception 
given the Dance Theater will encourage Alvin 
Ailey to return his company to San Diego 
soon. As a city which lacks fine native 
resources in the field of dance we tend to pray 
for itinerant touing companies to drop in on 
their way home from Los Angeles. It is an 
ecstatic moment when companies of the 
calibre of Alvin Ailey 's City Center Dance 
Theater are here to perform. 

-
................. 
....................... Van Medcalf has a few awkward moments 

as Jamie Thurber, but for the most part he 
does a very creditable job. His sense of 
timing and comic delivery lent much to the 
role. 

Jamie's mother boasts of being "the most 
peculiar member of the family," and enjoys 
displaying her eccentricities. Diane Sinor 
does an exceUent job of calming her down, 
and lends her more warmth and intelligence 

try "And Miss Reardon Drinks a Little," pencil, pen, felt pen, or 
continuing at the Cassius Carter Centre rapidograph, on any sort of 
Stage. paper short of toilet paper) , 

Other shows still running are "Death of a we will enter it into the 
Salesman" which is doing very well at the judging, and the winning 
Actor's Quarter, and still gaining entry(s) will be published in 
momentum is "Small Craft Warnings:' at a forthcoming issues. 

Eastern European 
Films 

WEST COAST PREMIERE l: 
............................... :: 

....................... 

at the gtobr 
JABBERWOCK 

Improbab ili ties lived and 
Imag ined 

by JAMES THURBER In th e 
ficti onal ci ty 0 ' 
Columbus, OhIO 

at the carur 
S.D. Pr.mi.r. Production 

and 
Miss Reardon 
drinks a little the Mission Playhouse. Check some theatre OK. You've only got a 

out this weekend; you might enjoy it. 1'.:;:;:,::t.::;.",.:;O:.:.f....:.:.~,;:,.,..:le;.:.ft~. _--" 

Each year's new record crop numbers in the 
thousands. Because of this sheer volume of product 
produced and promoted annually we get the 
recording industry equivalent of the proverbial big 
one that got away. These bigguns are popularly 
called sleepers not for causing a sominex low but 
because many of these are the musical best of that 
year. Promotion monies_ are obviously allocate.d 
toward groups which are expected to reap their 
companies the greatest financial gain. 

Witlt all due respect to the A & R (artists and · 
repertoire) and promotion men of America, they 
sometimes miss the opportunity for exploiting a 
might-have-been-a-red-hot-success album and 
unless the record buyer is aware, lucky,ano-quick, 
they will miss the pleasure of picking a winner, the 
kind of album we record-dopers take from friend to 
friend spreading the pleasure of an unexpected 
gem. 

The following are just a sampling of albums you 
very likely missed that shouldn't be. Some of these 
undoubtedly sell just enough to constitute another 
release for the artist and maybe that time they 
make it to become part of the Superstar-of-the-
Seventies syndrome. 

It's worth remembering that, while not a real 
sleeper, the first Allman B~others LP sold very few 
copies nationally until the release of their third 
album Live at Filmore East. Now they sell as many 
records or more than the seemingly legendary 
Rolling Stones. 

If either of the following records seem of the type 
which you enjoy, take the chance. My word, if you 
can find them, you won't be disappointed. 

SEVEN BRIDGES ROAD -Reprise MS20S1: Seven 
Bridges Road; My Oklahoma; The White Trash 
Song; I Begin to See Design; One Car Funeral 
ProcessioD; Long Way to Hollywood; Many Rivers ; 
Lonesome, On'ry and Mean; Come Sit By My Side; 
True Note ; Ragtime Blue Guitar; Montgomery in 
the RaIn. 

"These are the songs of a country boy on his way 
back home." So reads the insert in Seven Bridges 
Road and the quote basically sums up the lyrical 
attitude of the record. The songs function either as 
images of what's best about America as in My 
Oklahoma, or as biting satire about what is 
typically part of the contemporary American 
situation, as in Th White Trash Song. 

The songs, clearly autobiographical, depict a man 
of basic roots (home, family, church) who leaves 
his birthplace and back ground in hopes of 
becoming a successful musician in the arny at-
mosph re of Hollywood. Young was originally part 
of th folk boom Inspired by DyLan and his im-

AllEa 
'mitators. Years of scuffling playing 
to refinement of voice, writing .1riI~~ir 
imagery. He writes not like a poet 
Guthrie, a storyteller, a ltelmpor~let~r. 

Steve Young went to 
album and used the best of the Na:s~~ers 
Those musicians obviously felt insll.use 
their playing here reflects the extremtFlty 
of Young 's own contribution. Often 
album, these same Nashville studio 
sterile country muzak. On Seven 
instead of laying back as acc~ollrlp~.,ey 
cook. The up-tempo compositions 
display this instrumental fire . 
_ The album's essense though is its 
In The White Trash Song the last 
wake up a lot of momins/Layin dOIl" l\':ly 
head will be hurtin/You know I 
wellffhat old fat-bellied sheriff/He 
to me/Want to know how I feel/Not 
him it didn ' t matter/Lord, and I .-!;nn '.lhnla 
lot/I'd rather been in jail in 
cop." While Young sings at 
the banjo pickers wailin , the rinlhr(jIJO!;h 
Graves is filling in all the holes 
simply smokin'. 

AU but two songs are originals and 
well. The picturesque ballads are 
pieces of country verse. 

If Scruggs gives you any pleasure, 
enjoyed Honky Tonkin Hank 
Muleskinner Blues Jimmy Rogers, 
is definitely for you. This is no nasal 
no schmaltzy George Jones. It is the 
of contemporary country music n"'"_I'UO, 

' five years. While most of country 
40 silliness or Hee Haw idiocy, Steve 
is beauty personified. 

RATED: EXCELLENT ( 

CROWBAR 

BAD MANORS • Paramount 
Mama; Let the Four Wtnds .. , ...... 'TIuI.u,IlP 
Lights; Tratn Keep RolUn' ; Baby 
Oh What a Feeling; Murder In the 
the D ncing Hold Mountain Fire' 

This album is one of the last 
my attention throogh the once 
of Rolling Stone. 

In fa t three differ nt reviews 
album was released were total 
rock album. This album, 
energy Full House, just never Ie 

Each side opens and closes with Frenchmen's 
Fillers simple peaceful guitar patterns designed 
to get you off and let you down in the same manner, 
real easy. Once you're into the opening rocker. Too' 
True Mama, you're flying . The piece refrains a bop-
bop, bop-bop line around the lyric and gets you 
listening and moving. From that point on you're 
confronted with one of the best rock albums ever 
printed and at that from one of the most ex-
perienced previously unrecorded rock bands. 

Crowbar have lived in virtual anonymity since 
backing Ronnie Hawkins after "The Band" left his 
services to join Dylan on tour . More recently 
they've backed Canada's "King Biscuit Boy" 
(northern harp stylist a la Paul Butterfield) on two 
semi-successful albums. Each of the band's 
members has ten or more ~ 'ears professional ex-
perience, each sings, and eaCh "l)viously had a hell-
of-a-good-time recording this record. 

Its members are Kelly Jay, piano; Roly Green-
way, bass, percussion; Rheal Lanthier, lead guitar; 
someone known only 8S "The Ghetto", lead guitar, 
slide guitar; SorUlie Bernardi, drums; and Jozef 
Chirowski, piano and organ. 

Lest you think these guys are all defensive 
linemen for the Green Bay Packers, I might add 
they are Canadians and all share a home in Ontario 
affectionately known as Bad Manors. 

As rock musicians they're first class all the way. 
Their guitar breaks featuring a hyper-flat-picked 
Les Paul versus slide guitar (Telecaster?) either in 
alternation or duplex (solos Simultaneously), are 
nothing short of fantastic rock gymnastics. 

This album only fails towork very well on the last 
cut and here only because of the inappropriate 
length given to a repeated refrain. A small com-
plaint this is when viewing the whole. This album is 
not blues-rock, it is rock-rock, or moreso the only 
true original rock and roll album released in the 
70's. 

RATED: EXCELLENT (Rock) 

OTHER UNSOLD WONDERS 
1. Valerie Simpson, Exposed Tamla 311. 
2. Michael Nesmith, And the tms Just Keep on 
Comin' - RCA LSP4695. 
3. Detroit-Detroit - Paramount PAS6010. (Features 
welcome return of Mitch Ryder.) 
4. Paul Siebel, WOodsmoke and Oranges - Elektra 
EK 74064. 
5. Pure Prairie Legu, Pure Prairie Leagu • R A 
LSP4650. 
6. Roger Powell, Cosmic Furnace - Atlantic 7251. 

Czechoslovakian director Milos Forman's film BLACK 
PETER will be shown at the La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary Art's auditorium, Sherwood Hall, Thursday, 
October 18 at 8 : 00 p.m. Museum members $1.50, non-
members $2.00 and students $1.75 . (B & W 85 minutes)_ 

Forman is particularly well known for his gentle humor, 
warmth and stylistic sureness that characterize such 
films as LOVES OF A BLOND and TAKING OFF. BLACK 
PETER disarmingly portrays the fumbling relationships 
of a Czechoslovak adolescent during a summer when the 
Twist and the bikini were Eastern Europe's greatest 
crazes. Forman evokes beautifully the summer pleasures 
which two small·town youths share - river swimming, -
courting and parties_ 

The film is being shown as part of a serie of important 
contemporary Eastern European films which will con· 
tinue with programs once a month through early 1974 . 

For further information , call Jan Bowers at 454-0183 

Made inlo a play by 
JEROME LAWRENCE & 

ROBERT E LEE 

Now Playing 
Jabberwock 15 populated ~ iih 
appealing non·con form ists en. 
Joying their unique lives 
captures the essence of the 
Independent American sp int 
belore World Wer I 

Sugg .. ted For the EnUre Flmlly 

">e'"lul''''''iI '" 
mJ6JO 

t-Oll t t,1 "lilA 
')' '' .'1 1("","11 • .,,1 
Ut .. ,,,·. ",0, .. ,.11 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD OF sounD 
---"'--"'--.~e 

... - --I __ _ 

•••••• • • • •••••• 
• 
• 

New 4230 RECEIVER with BUILT-IN DOLBY · 

by Paul Zindel 

Now Playing 
A heartfelt human comedy tnat 
explodes With laughter . two 
spinster school teachers and (helf 
married SISler eaen struggles 
against private torments of U,\elr 
past loves loucn,ngly pOlg· 
nant and riotously funny new play 
SUQQESTED FOR MATURE AUDIENCES 

NOW, Marantz introduces their top 
quality 4200 series receivers, with 
BUILT-IN DOLBY·' The Dolby· noise 
reduction system eliminates hissing, 
feedback and playback distortion. 
Hear your tapes exaclly as they were 
recordedl Clean, Clear, Crisp. 

Hearing is believing, and you won't 
believe It until you hear ill The 
Dolby' , now built-in to the Marantz 
rec ivers, and now available at 
Wright's. Only $449.95 

FAIR T!W)E PRICE 

Pag 7, Triton 'rim lober 16, 1973 



1 

Weed qoNTINUED FROM PAGE 5 
how vaJidaJ such claims as "I only use it because I want 
to, not beca.e I have to"? 

Another hing that dopers don't especially like to admit 
is that mer' uana is habit-fonning. It isn't physically 
addictive, hut it does cause some degree of psychological 
dependence in habitual users. The more often you smoke 
it, the mort! you want to smoke, and the more of it you 
want to smoke at one time. There is a certain level of 
intake where reverse tolerance is no longer applicable, 
and it takes more weed to achieve the same degree of 
euphoria. This is one reason why smokers will sooner or 
later decide to experiment with other drugs. Some may 
dabble in downers, although few will prefer them, since 
they are such an obvious, mind-dulling escaPe from life. 
others may move up to the luxuries of hash, but a hash 
habit is hard to support. Cocaine, because of its cost, is a 
very prestigious drug, much more highly regarded than 
that old college favorite, speed. But one of the most 
popular options available to dopers desiring bigger kicks 
is that of hallucinogens. 

There are strage effects to be had by swallowing these 
potent drugs, for those with enough psychic courage or 
reckless stupidity, depending on your viewpoint. Of 
course, almost all street psychedelics are either poorly 
synthesized LSD orcompleterip-offs. But poor quality has 
never been a serious deterrent to the determined seeker of 
.newer and more tJllilling highs. Most will come through 
psychedelic experience intact but a little disillusioned, not 
wanting to repeat it in the near future . The hapless few 
may have a hard time finding their way back to reality, 
and somc may end up in the mental ward. 

Many have argued that there is no proveable connection 
between the use of marijuana and other drugs . But for 
anyone willing to evaluate hi s peer group without bias, 
there is an obvious association. Unless he has made up his 
mind beforehand not to go on to other drugs , or unless his 
friends really frown on it, the smoker will eventually take 
the first step of experimentation, out of curiosity if 
nothing else. The old days of widespread psychedelia are 
long gone, but the mystical allure of " higher con-
.sciousness" through cl1emical short-circuiting of the 
brain is still strong for many. 

But marijuana itself is a different matter. It doesn't 
cause a temporary loss of sanity or other shocking mental 
effects. In some ways, marijuana can expand one's 
perception and awareness of the once this insight is 
achieved, is there any real reason to keep on using the 
drug? Apparently there is planty of reason in our in-
creasingly apathetic, escap~riented society. 

Marijuana use starts out in the junior and senior high 
schools as a ubiquitous symbol of youthful rebellion, and 
later becomes an enjoyable social ritual among college 
students and workers who no longer have parents around 
to rebel against. Marijuana . like other illegal drugs, is 
also seen as a blatant repudiation of "straight" society 
and the boring, meaningless, mediocre rountine of life 
that the silent majority seems to like afflicting itself with. 

But on closer examination, no real differences exist 
between the businessman with his cocktail and cigarette 
and the rock 'n' roller with his stash and beer. In each 

Academy of Psychic Sciences 
4288 Menlo Ave., San Diego 283-2279 

Sdf-Itrlp Iltroll!!" srlf-ltflPHosiS 
Free lecture every Friday - 7pm 

SIDDHAR1HA 
NOVEL BY HERMANN HESSE 
FILM BY CONRAD ROOKS 

COlUM8tA PICTURES ""ESENTS A FilM BY CONRAO ROOtlS 
ItEAMANN HESSE'S _lMA ' SlARAlNG SHASHI KAPOOR 
SlMI CAREWA\.· PAOOvCEO. OI'UCTEO ANO WRITTEN FOA THE SCllEEN 
IT CON"AO ROOKS • I'HOTOGAAPHEO BY SveN NYKVIST 

--"$'''''" ~""I1C'2_~ I . 
ExcluSIV ~ 

\ Engagement 
tart 

Page 8. Triton Times October 16. 1973 

case, a chemical crutch is needed to combat the 
dissatisfaction and tedilml of everyday life. Escape is the 
motive; the rationale is pleasure for pleasure's sake, and 
forget the side-effects and long-term implications. Witt-
your intellect numbered and your emotiOns anesthetized, 
you'll never come to know how miserable and unfulfilled 
you really are, much less be able to do anything about 
improving your quality of life or helping your brothers 
and sisters. 

Hollywood Films 
As its first presentation, the only film society west of the 

Mississippi, will use the Mississippi River of Jerome 
Kern 's ~HOWBOAT, co-billed with Cole Porter's KISS ME 
KATE in the inaugural screening of "Hollywood Musicals 
Unlimited" at the Unicorn Theatre this Sunday afternoon, 
October 21. Both films star Howard Keel and Kathryn 
Grayson. 

The proposed year-long retrospective of Hollywood 
musicals will be a monthly event, occurring on a Sunday 
every month. Other films planned this year are the 
November 18 presentation of the Vicente Minnelli-
directed THE BANDWAGON, starring Fred Astaire and 
Cyd Charisse in the Betty Comden! Adolph screen p"arody 
of Broadway blue~<rbilled with vintage Busby Berkeley 
in FOOTLIGHT PARADE an important movie in the 
Warners cycle of mUSicals, starring Jimmy Cagney, Joan 
Blondell , Ruby Keeler, and Dick Powell. 

December 16 will bring Bing Crosby and Rosemary 
Clooney, Vera·ElIen and Danny Kaye in WHITE 
CHRISTMAS with MEET ME IN ST . LOUIS, another 
Minelli film that marked the birth of the new musical in 
Hollywood : the total integration of music with plot. 
MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS stars Judy Garland as Esther 
Greenwood, the girl who falls for "The Boy Next Door" 
and sings HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE 
CHRISTMAS to her younger sister, played by Margaret 
O'Brien. 

Membership in "Hollywood Musicals Unlimited" may 
be obtained through the Unicorn Theatre in La Jolla . 

Rematch Continued from Page 9 

Revelle RA's had' beaten 
the Muir HA's in a no-holds 
barred game. Isn't this 
going a bit too far? The 
questions still remain. Did 
the Muir HA's really 

challenge the Revelle 
RA's? If they did , will the 
" brains" of the school 
accept? Meanwhile, what 
is going on in the minds of 
the Third College people? 

targum crossword 

Now thru Sun. 
Ai8:50 

Lee Marvin- Ernest Borgnine 

ACROSS 
1 Exclude 
6 Power 

14 Cuban cigar 
15 Standards 
16 Type s tyl e 
17 Showl ng deep 

respect 
18 Carri ed out 
19 Expunges 
21 Prefix : outside 
22 At any time 

Attention 
Student Organizations 

If the following 1972-73 UCSD STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS are still operative, will you please re-
register for 1973-74 in the Student Activities Office, Lobby, 
Urey Hall (Ext. 13911 as soon as possible: 

AIKIDO CLUB 
AMATEUR RADIO 

CLUB 
AMERICAN & 
MEXICAN UNIVER-

SITY STIJDENTS 
AMERICAN FIELD 

SERVICE ASSOC. 
AMERICAN FRIENDS 

SERVICECOMMI'ITEE 
ASIAN AMERICAN 

S11JDENT ALLIANCE 
ASTRONOMERS 
AZTLAN'S JR. 

WRESTLING 
BARAI CLUB 
BALLET CLUB 
BID WHIST CLUB 
BLACK DRAMA CLUB 
BLACK GOSPEL CHOIR 
BLACK STUDENT 

UNION -
BOWLING CLUB 
BRIDGE CLUB 
CALPIRG 
CAMPUS CRUSADE 

FOR CHRIST 
CHABAD HOUSE 
CHEERLEADERS 
CERAMIC WORKSHOP 
CHILDREN'S TIIEATRE 
PLAYERS 
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 

ORGANIZATION 
CHINESE STUDENT 

ASSOC. 
CHRISTIAN 
FELWWSHIP 
CIRCLE K CLUB 
COMMITTEE FOR 
CONCERNED ASIAN 

SCHOLARS 
PHOTOGRAPHERS 
ASSOC. 
POWER 
PRE-LAW CLUB 
RADICAL COALITION 
RECREATIONAL 

ACTIVITIES CLUB 

24 Ravished 
25 Being : Sp. 
26 Provides meaning 

again 
28 French flower 
29 Beats . 
30 - Leone 
31 Put into action 
34 - have it 
35 Cognition 
36 Obtain knowledge 
37 To go: Fr. 
3B Apollo 16 commander 
42 Hardens 
43 Representative 

(abbr. ) 
44 Iranian coin 
45 File section 
46 Baseball hall of 

farner 
47 African antelope 
48 Menu term 
50 Ascri be 
53 Shirk 
54 Looked at slyly 
55 Knitted garments 
56 Collect together 

DOWN 
1 Grammatical case 
2 Escaped 
3 Sports item: Fr . 
4 Black cuckoo 
5 Ethnic disturbances 
6 Abrades 
7 Threes, as in 

cards: Sp. 
8 Tore apart 
9 French sUlllllers 

10 Saul's uncle 
11 Mounta in ----(song) 
12 Color lightly 
13 Cape -

REVELLE COFFEE 
HOUSE COMMI'ITEE 

REVOLUTIONARY 
COMMUNIST YOUTH 
STUDY GROUP 
RADICAL EDUCATION 
RUSSIAN CLUB 
RHYTHMIC EXERCISE 

CLUB 
SCIENCE FICTION & 

FANTASY CLUB 
SEADEUCERS 
SKI CLUB 
SOARING CLUB 
S11JDENTS 

EDUCATIONAL 
CHANGE & 
DEVELOPMENT 
CENTER 

STUDENTS IN-
TERNATIONAL 
MEDITATION 

STUDENTS SOCIAL 
EVENTSCOMMITIEE 

STUDENT LOBBY 
ANNEX 

SUFI STUDENT DANCE 
CLUB 

TENNIS CLUB 
TRITON TIMES 
TRITON WARGAMING 

SOCIETY 
UKEMI CLUB 
UNIVERSAL LIFE 
VETERANS ASSOC. 
THE WAY-BIBLICAL 

RESEARCH 
WHOLE UNIVERSITY 

PRODUCTIONS 
UNITED NATIVE 

AMERICANS 
WOMENS LIBERATION 
YEARBOOK 

PUBLICATION 
YOUNG SOCIALIST 

ALLIANCE 
WATERSKI 

ASSOCIATION 

14 Concealer 
20 Gamut 
23 Declines to accept 
25 ---- of Aquitaine 
27 Natural talent 
28 Of strong emotion 
30 Utopia 
31 Word game 
32 Delicatessen food 
33 Discloser of secret 
34 Light, derisive 

laugh 
36 Loungers 
38 Medieval 

entertainer 
39 Medieval Turks 
40 French c1 ty 
41 Stuck together 
43 Funeral hymn 
46 16th Century card 

game 
49 Government agency 
51 Hebrew 1 etter 
52 ---- soup 

Can anyone solve 

th~ puzzle? 

If you can, bring 

your solution to 

the Triton Times. 

SANSUIQUADSAVE$6CX)OO 
GARRARD SL 9.3B TU RN TABLE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cov er & base. Super powerful SANSUI OR .')00 , 4 channel quadraphonic AMI 
FM /MPX receiver, 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension speakers with 12" 
woofers . 6" midrange & 3" tweeter, in deluxe wa Inut enclosures. Speakers 
25 " high f.. 40 poun3s ea h. $1100 list price . Save $600. Complete or small ........ 

payments. NOW ~~ 
@*(~*~*~ SAN DIEGO AUDI08*O*~*M 
WEEKDAYS , 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITYAVE .287-7830 1'IAT & SUN. 10-~" 

...... 

-

Soccer Team Extends 
Undefeated Streak 

Building up its record to 
a perfect three wins and no 
losses, the UCSD Soccer 
Team defeated Cal Baptist 
by the perfect score of 741. 

In the first half, UCSD 
players were all over the 
field, but only managed to 
score two goals on the 
game but overmatched 
Baptist. The first goal of 
the game was scored by a 
moustached gent named 
Carlos, who was promptly 
followed by his protege, 
Big AI from his right inside 
position on the forward 
line. 
Date Day 

Oct. 6 Sat. 

Oct. 13 Sat. 

Oct. 17 Wed. 

Oct. 19-20 Fri.-Sat. 

Oct. 27 Sat. 

Nov. 2 Fri. 

Nov. 3 Sat. 

Nov. 10 Sat. 

Nov. 14 Wed. 

Nov. 21-24 Wed.-Sat. 

Rematch? 

After the first half. things 
really started popping, as 
Carlos added another goal. 
Big AI, not to be outdone, 
added two more, and Jiro 
and Scott scoring one each 
to add the final touches to 
the I!amp 

The game was marred by 
two accidents, both suf-
fered by the visiting 
Baptists. 

The team is comprised of 
mostly upperclassmen , but 
havp enoul!h hardcore 
treshmen to give the team 

SOCCER 
Opponent 

Tijuana Tech 
Cal Baptist 

San Diego State 

All-Cal Tournament 

Pepperdine 

Azusa Pacific 

L.A. Baptist 

Fresno Pacific 

SCISA Playoffs 

NAIA Championships 

a youthful kick (if you will 
excuse the bad pun.) 

Future I!arnp.'; include a 
major crosstown clash with 
San Diego State, tomorrow 
at 3 p.m. on the Muir Field . 
The team will then travel to 
UC Irvine for the infamous 
All-Cal Tournament this 
Friday and Saturday. 

With all of these good 
things going for the team, 
all they need now is a few 
(.thousand) fans to come 
out and show their support. 

Place Time 

bere l :oop.m. 

here l:oop.m . 

here 3:00p.m. 

Irvine tba 

there 1:oop.m. 

here 3:15p.m. 

there 12:00 noon 

here 9:00a .m. 

Florissant, Mo. 

Questions Arise From Game 
Last week's big match 

between the Muir House 
Assistants and UCSD 
Campus Police has started 
rumors running rampant 
among the campus. Could 
it be that this incredible 
competition is just the 
beginning? Will other 
people dare to challenge 
the supremacy of the Muir 
HA 's? Or, are they really 
so supreme? Do the 
Campus Police e njoy 
taking out their violent 
tendencies in a legal way? 
Do they feel frustrated at 
the outcome of the game 
which they narrowly lost? 

The Muir HA 's are 
rumoreci to have 
cha llenged the He velie 
RA's to a softball game in 
an attempt to prove their 
supremacy. (At the 
beginning of the year, the 

Con't. on Page 8 

Phone, 
(714) 280-3483 

Ron Carter 

AlulDn US Now Coaching 
Ron Carter is an alumnus 

who can't seem to get 
enough of UCSD sports. 
This energetiC young man 
is coaching the J.V. in-
tercolleg ia te bas ketba II 
team while helping with the 
varsity team in his spare 
time. When Ron is not 
shooting baskets, he is 
teaching sixth graders at 
Ramona . 

During his junior and 
senior years here, Ron 
played center and forward 
on the UCSD varsity team. 
After his second year here, 

Ron transferred, earning 
his teaching credential at 
USIU. 

Some of you may 
remember Ron as the 
women's basketball coach 
for the past two years. 
Under his direction, this 
new team started off with 
first place in the Cal 
Western league with 14 
wins, 4 losses; and Con-
solation Brackett at the UC 
tournament at Davis. 

During the second year, 
the UC tournament was 
scheduled as the second 

game of the season, after 
only one week of practice. 
Full of optimism, these 
girls really made UCLA 
work for a victory, tailing 
by a single point up un til 
the last two minutes of the 
game. 

All coaches and teams 
agreed that if the Tritons 
had had more time to 
practice, UCSD would have 
easily taken the tour-
nament. After this 
remarkable show of talent, 
Ron 's team was invited to 
play in the UCLA league -
one of the strongest and 
largest leag ues in the state. 

Ron Carter has con-
tributed to the develop-
ment of UCSD basketball 
as both a participant and a 
coach . It is certain he will 
be a great asset to the 
University and the student 
body as a coach this year 
as well. 

Equestrian Club 
Holds Introductory 
Get Together 

The Horseback Riding 
Club announced today 
plans for an introductory 
meeting. The meeting will 
be held tomorrow nigh t at 
6:00 PM in the conference 
room in the Gymnasium. 
The meeting is open to the 
general university com-
munity. 

A number of activities 
a re planned this year for 
the equestr i an 
organization. It is the hope 
of the officers that the 
meeting will allow an 
opportunity for the club 
members to assist in the 
Con't. on Page 10 

F&F 
Automotive 
Repairs 
vw & Domestic 

Complete Foreign 
Car Service 

20% off/students 
3500 EI Cajon Blvd. San Diego, California 

Pa 9, Triton Times tober 16, 1973 



After :"idni~ht 
Con't. fro' Page 2 
our power, irginia Woolf would ~ C8n~. boled, 
marketed, alld consumed in a twinkhng. Qwte literally, 
we want to inspect her atoms, one by one. 

We are deferred from this debauchery by her physical 
image alone. A portrait of Virginia Woolf shwld be in 
everyones picture gallery. In photo after pho~ one per-
cieves a head delicately balanced above a slun neck, a 
crown that heightens a posture regal and prwd, angular, 
painfully thin. But what we ultimately find, what we stare 
at and . cannot forget, are her eyes. Her face, her body, 
had a haunted, hunted expression because of those eyes 
tinged with a breath of madness, n speck of the grotesque. 

Virginia's appearance evoked a response wherever she 
traveled. To the crowd in the street she was laughable. 
There was something strange and disquieting, and 
therefore ridiculous in her appearance, in the way she 
walked. She seemed so often to be "thinking of something 
else," to be moving with a slightly shuffling movement 
along the streets as if in the shadow of a ~re~. The hags 
and bright young things could not restram their laughter 
or their giggles. 

If her mere image is sufficiently formidable to detere us 
from assuming a jocular familiarity with respect to her 
life, then perhaps her conversational her mannerisms, 
h4lr daily activities bring her within our realm ?f com-
prehension. Hardly. Virginia's manner of expression was 
often stretched to the bursting point.Her mind raced, ~er 
words dashed,.sshew spoke quickly, . gushin~ly, J?o~g 
herself farther and higher along the road of tmagmatlOn 
with each phrase. . 

But when does imagination stop and madness begm? 
How does one know if his dreams are but a prelude to 
insanity? 

Leonard Woolf knew. He watched his wife, he controlled 
her. When she absolutely refused to eat he spent hours 
trying to press a morsel of food through her lips. He for-
bade her to overwork herself. If she did, her bouts with 
those "horrible little voices" began, and would leave her 
bedridden for months. If it had not been for Leonard, the 
body of work which is among the greatest in English 
literature would probably never have been written. 

No, Virginia is beyond us and we ~hould n~t try to 
meddle into her life or fuss that she IS too bnght, too 
mysterious for our probes to to~h granite. AI1 on~ has, 
and rightly so, are the chronological events, ~cc~ble to 
any biographer interested in the exact day Vlrgm~ went 
to the opera with the unusual box of chocolates m her 
purse. 

We do not know in the final analysis, what form of in-
spiration what fatigue, what melancholy led her to write 
TO THE LIGHTHOUSE or THE WAVES. She is out of our 
lives completely, and has been, since the day she quietly 
slipped a rock into her coat pock~t and walked into the 
River Ouse. Only her work remams. 

And only the memory, the relics of dynamic history, 
remain of Bloomsbury. All its members are dead, now, 
some meeting death in the first World War and others 
lingering on even past old age. 

Despite its inconsistencies it seems that life would be 
much more tragic than it is, if something of BloomsbUry's 
essence had not been captured for us to sa vor. 

Organizations Con't. from Page 8 
UCSD GLIDER CLUB 
YOUNG WORKERS 

LIBERATION LEAGUE 

CO MMITTRE 01< 
GRADUATE WOMEN 

CONCEPTUAL 
ACTIVIST GROUP 

DEL MAR ASSOC. 
DIVINE LIGHT 

MISSION 
DRAMA CLUB 
FOLK DANCE CLUB 
GRADUATE STUDENT 

COUNCTL 
HA THA YOGA CLUB 
HUITZILOPOCHTLI 
KARATE CLUB 
KUNDALINI YOGA 

CLUB 
MAJORITY COALITION 
MAJORITY 

COMMITTEE 
FREEDOM 
IMPROVISATIONAL 

DANCE 
MECHA 
MEDIA ACCESS CO-OP 
MEDICAL STUDENT 

STEERING 
COMMIITEE 

MOSCA 
M.U.J.E.R. 
NORTH STAR 
NUEVO AZTLAN 
OVER-THE-HILL-GANG 
PHILOSOPHY 

ASSOCIATION 

-Pre-Med Orientation 
The Pn -med Office 

announced postponement 
of a pre-rred orientation 
program for juniors until ' 
the Winter Quartel·. AI, 
overload Ilf work this 
quarter ne:~sitated the 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

Send for yotJr up·to-dale, 160·paae, 
mati order calalor Enclose Sl.OO 
to cover posta,e ldelt.ery I.me ,$ 
I 10 2 days) 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD , SUITE #2 

lOS ANGELES, CAliF. 90025 (213) 477-8474 or 477-5493 
Our """en mlt.,i" Is SOl ei for 

r .... reh IIsistine. only. 

change. The program will 
include information on 
applications and 
discussions with doctors 
and medical students. 
Groups will meet tour 
times during the quarter . 

RESEARCH 
MATERIAL 

ALL TOPICS 
ACADEMIC 

RESEARCH LIBRARY 
OF SAN DIEGO 

2145 EL CAJON BLVD. 
SAN DIEGO . CA 92104 

(714) 291 -6150 
WE ALSO PROVIOE OR GINAL 
RESEARCH ()'1 ANY 51)' Jrrr 

L.--

Hang gliding: Gathering popularity 

s.c. Chancellor 
Retires 

KGB TO Benefit 
United _Way 

BERKELEY The 
retirement on June 30, 1974 
of Dean E. McHenry, 
Chancellor of the Santa 
Cruz campus, was an-
nounced today by UC 
President Charles J. Hitch . 
McHenry, who will be 63 
next week, was appointed 
the Santa Cruz Chancellor 
in July 1961, more than four 
years before the campus 
enrolled its first students. 

" It is hard for me to think 
of the Santa Cruz campus 
without Dean McHenry," 
Hitch said in making the 
announcement. " It was his 
vision, along with Clark 
Kerr's, which led to a new 
form of public higher 
education, one which 
provided a J'esidential , 
collegial atmosphere on a 
major university campus. 
He has guided his campus 
with affectionate wisdom. 
and he will be greatly 
missed." 

"The decision to retire 
has to be faced by all of us 
sometime," said McHenry. 
" I have thought about it for 
several years and I have 
come to realize that no one 
time is really better than 
another. If one waited for 
the 'perfect' time, it would 
never come. So I've made 
my decision to retire on 
June 30, 1974. 

From 1960 to 1963 , 
McHenry served as 
University Dean of 
Academic Planni ng . He 
was also the University's 
re presentative on the 
survey team that drew up 
the State's Master Plan for 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

P A. YS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 
Closed Sun . 
233-5481 

I 

Higher Education. 
He received his 

bachelor 's degree from 
UCLA in 1932 and his 
Master 's degree from 
Stanford in 1933 . After 
earning the Ph.D. in 1936 
from Berkeley. 'he taught 
at Williams College and 
Pennsylvania State 
University before joining 
the UCLA faculty in 1939 . 
He served as Dean of the 
Division of Social Sciences . 
from 1947 to 1950 and as 

Chairman of the Depart-
ment of Political Science 
from 1950 to 1952. He was 
coordina tor of the Navy 
College Training Program 
at UCLA from 1943 to 1946 
and was a captain in the 
U.S. Marine Corps 
Reserve, 1948-59. 

McHenry has written 
extensively in the fields of 
American and com-
parative government. His 
1947 works, "The American 
Federal Goverrunent" and 
" The American System of 
Goverrunent" are now in 
their twelfth edition. He 
has also been the author 
and co-author of several 
standard books on 
Ca lif ornia goverrunent and 
of works on the British and 
Canadian political parties. 

Last year radio stations 
KGB AM and FM Stereo 
presented the biggest 
musical event ever held in 
San Diego. The KGB 
Charity Ball, attended by 
52,000 people with net 
proceeds benefiting the '72 
!Jnited Crusade. This year 
KGB will support the fund 
raising campaign again by 
going into the record 
business with the October 
release of THE KGB 
HOMEGROWN ALBUM. 
with profits going to the '73 
United Way. 

THE K GB 
HOMEGROWN ALBUM is 
a collection of the best 
original songs composed 
and performed by KGB 
listeners, immortalizing in 
music their hometown. 
neighborhood, favorite 
beach. park, street .. . 
anything worth sing in g 
about in San Diego Cou nty. 
THE KGB HOMEGROWN 
ALBUM will be released in 
October. KGB has planned 
a heavy marketing c'am-
paign to sell the album 
throughout the county. Net 
proceeds from sales of the 
album will go directly to 
the '73 United Way Cam-
paign of San Diego County 
helping some 76 non-profit 
human care agencies. 

In the past several weeks 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW AfIDWAY 

FEB MART STORE 
3Z451P01T1 AIIEIIA ILVD. 

(ACtON trom Sporr. Arena) 
eEYEI 0011118 .,._._ FI1B 

-.rICT LBIIEI FITTEI .. SW 
_: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M.· 8 P.M.: SIt. 10 A.M.· e P.w. 

224-2173 ~1174 

KGB listeners have sub-
mitted songs for THE 
HOMF:GROWN ALBUM 
with such titles as " There's 
A Fly In My Soup (Or Back 
To F:I Cajon Boulevard l." 
" Spring Valley Sally ." 
"Stuck In A Mobile With 
The Lakeside Blues 
Again." " Funky Santee," 
and " Big Black Mountain 
Mama ." 

KG B ' listeners not 
musically inclined have 
contributed to THE 
HOMEGROWN ALBUM 
with cover ideas. The best 
artwork submitted will 
adorn the cover of the 
a lbum. 

KGB AM and FM Stereo 
a re the simulcasting rock 
n'roll stations in San Diego 
programmed by Ron 
Jacobs. 

Equestrians 
Con't. from Page 9 

preparation of the event!'. 
The Horseback Riding 

Club will establish a 
schedule of dues at this 
meeting. The importance 
of this policy will be 
evident to the members 
who are reminded to at-
tend. 

IatNt ,..hlon. 
In wi,. ".th. 

Soaring Club activity well under way Photos: WinD 

Scholarship Set Up 
BERKELEY - Walter 

Karabian, California 
Assemblyman from 
Monterey Park, has 
established a scholarship 
at the University of 
California to help students 
whose financial or social 
backgrounds might 
otherwise prevent their 
matriculation at UC. The 
Walter KarRbian 
Scholarships will be 
awarded to academically 
qualified students, without 
regard to campus af-
filia tion or field of study. 

A commi ttee of nine 
persons whom he has 
designated will advise 
Ka rabian and with him will 
make the final selection of 
UC students to receive the 
scholarships. Karabian has 
raised $25,000 from private 
sources for awards to be 
made during 1974-75 with 
announcement of 
scholarship winners to be 
made each year in mid-
April. 

The advisory committee 
members are : 

-Assemblyman Richard 
Alatorre , Chairman , 
former Western Regional 
Director of the NAACP 
Legal Defense Fund and in 
1968, Ford Foundation 
Legislative Internship 
recipient. Elected to the 
State Legislature in 1972, 
he is Chairman of the 
Assembly ' s Chicano 
Caucus. 

-Judge Gilbert C. Alston, 
judge of the Los Angeles 
Municipal Court. He is a 
former Depu ty Distric t 
Attorney of Los Angeles 
County and a member of 
the Langston Law Club, 
Criminal Court 's Bar 
Association of Los Angeles 
County, and of Legion Lex. 
He is a trustee of the Mc-
Cobb Homes for Boys in 
Los Angeles . 

-Betty Bagdasarian, a 
former teacher in the Los 
Angeles City and Pacific 
Palisades schools. A 
resident of Beverly Hills, 
she is active in the UCLA 
Alumni Association. 

the Speaker of the 
Assembly and was for-
merlya real estate broker 
and chairman of the 
Planning and Zoning 
Committee of the Board of 
Realtors. 

-Richard A. Hernandez, 
Los Angeles attorney 
speCializing in business 
and corporate law, served 
as a Deputy Public 
Defender for Los Angeles 
County from 1968 to 1970. 
He is a founder of the East 
Los Angeles Junior 
Chamber of Commerce . In 
1972, he served as co-
chairman of the Committee 
of Spanish-Speaking 
People for the Re~lection 
of President Nixon. 

--Judith Woodard 
Hillman, political reporter 
for KGTV ( NBC ) San 
Diego and is the recipient 
of the California 
Associated Press Radio 
and TV award for in-
vestigative reporting of a 
ba tiered child. 

-Martha Rosenberg, who 
is vice president of Temple 
Emanuel Sisterhood in San 
Francisco and a member of 
the Board of Directors of 
Jewish Welfare Federation 
Bonds. 

contraceptive 
protection 

that's ready 
when you 

are 

Library Loans New Ungame 

--J oseph Cerrell, ad-
ministrative assistant to 
the Democratic National 
Committee, 1960-67, and to 
Attorney General Stanley 
Mosk, 1960~, is president 
of a political public 
relations firm in Los 
Angeles. 

-Camille Collier, teacher 
in the Mt. Diablo Unified 
School District in Concord 
who lives in Berkeley. She Something new has -been 

added to the books. films 
and records you can 
borrow from the civic 
cen ter branch of the 
Ga rden Grove Library. It's 
the Ungame, a new com-
munica tion game designed 
for family enjoyment. And 
it's available on loan in 
both the adults' and 
children's sections of the 
library. 

This is the first time a 
library in Orange County 
has loaned out a game. 
Five copies of the Ungame 
were donated by its creator 
and developer , Rhea 
Zakich of Garden Grove. 

The Ungame : Tell It Like 
It Is forces a family to sit 
down and really lis ten to 
the ideas, thoughts, 
feelings. emotions and 
dreams of each member. 
This non-competitive 
comm uni ca tion tool 
creates a safe atmosphere 
in which the participa nts 
fear no put downs for 
te lling their true feelings. 

Mrs. Zakich found, when 
she was forced by throat 
surgery into three months 
of silence, that people 
rarely listen to what others 
were trying to say. She 
came up with the Ungame 
for hcr family to play and it 

soon spread throughout the 
neighborhood. Rhea hand-
designed 300 sets until a 
small Garden Grove outfit 
(AuVid ) came to her 
rescue. 

The Ungame has been 
through three years of 
d velopment and testing 
with thousands of Southern 
Ca lifornia families , 
c hur c hes, cou nselors. 
tea chers , s tudents and 
psychiatrists. 

This unique non-game 
can be played by two to six 
players, with no age 
limitations. Even children 
who are too young to read 
the spec ia lly designed 

SANIUI • GARRARD. 
12" WOOF.R. 

SANSUI • GARRARD + 12" W fERS. We feature , in limited quantity. 
Sansul's 210 super powerful A M-F M-MP X receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
multi-speaker air suspension enclosures with 12" WOOfers &. :, year ~tTaran-
te . Garrard's profeSSional series changer with diamond needle & canrldgl.. 
List $320. Now 22'1 . Lo On. EZ terms, or trade-ins. Only '228 OMPLETE 

Wel~~~Ys 8*o~~~N,9J~~Rv~M~1~ 0 *0 sU;~\~-6 
•. , I"" 

decks of cards can par-
tiCipate with an adult 
reading the questions. The 
only restriction is the time 
limit set at the onset of the 
game. 

The Garden Grove Civic 
Center Library is located 
at 11200 Stanford. Garden 
Grove (530-0711 ). 

was a delegate to the 1972 
Democratic National 
Convention and is a 
member of the California 
State Democratic Central 
Committee. 

--Kenneth J . Elia of 
Fresno, who is ad-
ministrative assistant to 

~IIIIIIIIIII WlllllUJHJ UDJJ II unm 111""19 
§ J:. ~~ Shanghai ~ 

~ Mandarin & Shanghai$ 
= ~j[ Style == § ,~ Chinese Restaurant = 
== ~- .i!t :t 10% off dinner = 
== IF . 4' menu with student I,D. ~ ;; ~ "4 ~ 1'" MAY WfSUGGEST = 
;;:;;;I ~, 7L ' J ~ OUR CHINESt 
~ J~ 1 ~ it s~~:I(~~S:?~~~H~ 

1= )fi *~, t 1Q17 prospect It'" It ~ ~~~ ~ mnmnnnlmlllllllllllllnmlll lll lllll~ 

Willi the oaIy fouD appliClll« 
J'OII can pe-6U and Iftab...., 
., 10 • WftlI in .chaDCe. Stoft 
ippliotor withio ftIY rftICh ••. 
apply in secoodt •.. illlCUlC pro-
*Iioa. No delays 10 _ !he 
.aooci or _pl JOIl 10 skip. 
ttaiDt" Mlural f~elioll ' No 
hXllllOOeS. Hi5h1y e((ectiu. 

&~ by pbysidMI. 
Jet lImko ~-P" it 

••• tl wirhOllr I 
pralcriptioll . 

Pag II, Triton Tim s Lober 16, 1973 



...... ~ .............................................. ~~~ .... ~p~r·o~fe·s~so'an~~nc~~:~;~d~in·g .. C·IU·b·. 
and trans students THERE! 10/16) L.A. Valley College . h I 

PRE- WOMEN : 
importaut meeting with 
women .. Ioctors, women 
s tude nts to d isc uss 
women in medicine ; 
medicne and anything 
else you want. Meet 
Tues. Oct. 16, 7 p.m. 
Winzer Commons. BSB 
MC. For further info. 
452- 127~ (10/ 16) 
BLACK GOSPEL 
CHOIR: meet 7:00 p.m. 
Tues., Winzer Commons 
Lounge BSB 1st ft. M.C. 
For info. CalI Michelle 
453-6635 (ET ) 
KARATE- KAS : The 
results of Aug . 30 exam 
are in . Pick up cards 
before the 3 p.m. class, 
Tue. 10-16 and Wed. 10-
17 main floor , gym . We 
also have old cards and 
certificates dating back 
to 1971 - anyone who has 
ever taken an exam, 
please pick up your stuff 
at above times or 'from 
519 Drake Hall, MC. 
( 10/ 16) 
A Group wi No Name, 
Open Disc. No Direc-
tions: All Directions 
Ideas? Meet Tue. 4-7 
p.m. USB 4020BOO/ 16) 
UCSD PHILOSOPHY 

olloquim Bernd 
Magnus, UC Riverside 
Nietzsche's Doctrine of 
Eternal Recurrance 
Tues. Oct. 16. 2:30 p.m . 
2C1110( 10/ 16 ) 
Hang Gliding meet Oct. 
16 in 2250. 2D at 7:30. 

ome see preview of a 
movie to be released in 
January a nd some home 
grown movi . If you 
want to see a hang 
gliding club at SD. 
You must come to this 
meeting to show your 
support. The ad -
ministration is wat-
ching. The number of 
people who how dn 
interest. will determine 
the amount of funds 
a vai lable to the club. 
( 10/ 16 ) 

wednesday 
"SO YOU WANTT BE 
A DOCTOR" - An in-
formal disc . for fresh 

Gym. Donations $3.00 Ma~nus UC Riverside Meeting tonlg t . 
presented by the and $5.00. Call : 453-9132 Title "Nietzsche's Reallv! Come 
SCI E N C E & thursdav or 276-6393, or come to Doctrine of Eternal Hang -Gliding Club 
TECHNOLOGY I 519 Drake HalI, MC. Recurrence" Meeting Tues Night. PROGRAM of THE 

Last day to get tickets: Tuesday, October 16, Come see some THIRD COLLEGE wiII Th T 'to W . g f . 
e rJ n argamm Wed., Oct. 17. 00/11\) 2:30 p.m ., 2C 1110 (10/16) previews 0 a movIe be held on Wed. Oct. 17, Society meets this and which will be released 

at4 :00 p.m . in Bldg. 303, every hurs. night in The UCSD Auto Parts next year. Also some 
The UCSD Student 1102 Tioga Hall , Muir - The Department 01 Co-op is open in the home grown 8 MM 
Lobby" will begin We meet from 6:30 - 2 Literature presents bottom floor of Blake movies . Come see how 

h · Newcomers welcome. C I a u d eRa w son, Hall , next to the Revelle you too can get high as a meeting again . T IS P f f E I ' h t (ET ) ro essor 0 ng IS a Plaza . Students, faculty kite. Tuesday 7:30 2D year their first meeting h .. t 1 
t e Umversl y 0 and staff are en- 2250 Muir Campus i Wednesday. Oct. 17, Warwick, England. and d t tak d 

at 3:30 in the Muir Fish- SAN DIE G courage 0 . e a - (10/16) 
BLOODMOBILE will be presently visiting vantage of the sub-

bQwl. If you want to find 0 f Professor at the stantial discounts that SKI TEAM workout out about beine: a here Thur. ct. 18 rom f P 
3 Bl od University 0 enn- the co-op can of- sessions will be held legislative intern, or 10 a .m. to p.m . °h sy lvania , who will give a f ( 10/19) M W d d 

about thetax initiative donated IS put into t e er on . e 4-5 an 
UCSD Blood Fund or lecture on Fielding , Tue/Thurs 5-6 ; Meet on 

or just in general, can be donated for Class-consciousness and A representative from the soccerfield near the 
OME. (10/16) specific individuals . " Point of View" on the IN T ERN A L pool. (to/16) 

PRE- MED WOMEN : 
An Extension course 
taught by a 4th year 
med, student is being 
offered free to all in-
terested pre med , 
women (pre-med men 
invited>. Course title ; 
" Women and Their 
Bodies". Meets Wed . 
Eves. 7-10 p.m. starting 
Wed . Oct. 17 in 4050 
USB . Re ve lle . For 
further info. go to the 
class. (to/16) 

OLD TIME DANCING 
& MUSIC . : Danc( 
squares and contras t( 
live music , Every Wed. 
at 8:00 p.m . in the new 
gym conference room. 
All we lcom e FREE 
(ET) 

There will be a Oct. 17 
s pecia l meet of 
CALPIRG Wed. to di sc 
Proposition 1 in the 
Fishbowl, under the 
Muir caf at2 :00 p.m. all 
in teres ted s tudents 
faculty and staff are 
invited to attend .( 10/ 16 ) 

There wi ll be an 
organizational meet for 
the Handball Club Wed . 
()0/17 ) at 7 p.m. in the 
P .E. class room . Any 
persons interested are 
welcome to attend . 
( 10/ 16) 

UCSD OUTING CLUB 
(Muir 0 ) meets at 8 
p.m . in 201 MC - next to 
bookstore. Meet will be 
s hort but extremely 
important. Also, trips 
for the rest of t. will 
be lanned . BE 

Last spring over 150 Monday, Oct. 29, 1973 at REVENUE SERVICE 
UCSD students donated 3:00 p.m . in Room 4050- will be on campus Fri , 
blood , and the San Diego A USB Bldg. Revelle Oct. 19, to interview 
Blood Bank really needs College. students of all majors 
our help. Sponsored by Everyone is cordially for positions as Revenue 
the UCSD Pre-Med invited to attend . Agents , IRS Officers, 
Club. 00/16) 00/26) Tax Auditors , and 
The opening exhibition 
in the UCSD Art Gallery 
will paintings , sculp-
tures a nd en-
vironmental pieces by 
the graduate students in 
the Visual Arts 
Department. There will 
also be photographic 
pieces and per-
formances as well. Th . 
exhibition will open on 
Thursday, October 18 
from 5-7 p.m. Hours 
daily are 12-5 and 8-10 
p.m . on Wednesday 
evenings. The GalJery is 
located in room 1260 
Humanities Library 
Building, Revelle 

ampus. ( 10/ 16 ) 

Professor Ted Gurr of 
the Department of 
Political Science at 
Northwestern will speak 
on Thurs. Oct. 18th at 3 
p.m . in Tioga Hal1 , 
Room 1102 on the 
subject Persistence and 
Change in Political 
Authority Struc -
tures.nO/16) 

general 
The UCSD Karate Club 
is seIling tickets for the 
Southwest Regional 
Karate -Do Cham -
pionship Tournament , 
Sal. Oct. 20. 7 p.m ., at 

Don't forget Campus 
Wide Doobie Day, Nov . 
16 (10/16) 

Volunteer campus tOUI' 
guides meet Thurs . Oct. 
18, 11 a .m . at Con-
ference Rm . IIA 
Matthews for further 
info calJ x 1908 Relations 
with chools. ( 10/ 16 ) 

If you ha ve your degree 
or will get it within a 
yea r , are a UCSD 
student or alumnus, and 
are LOOKING FOR A 
JOB , check the On-
Campus Interview 
Calendar ' located at 
departments a nd offices 
everywhere on campus . 
Also check in the CPP 
Library . Ca r e r 
Planning & Placement. 
Muir HSS . 6th 
f1oor .(l 1/20) 

" The Four Loves ," the 
first Chinese movie of 
the year, will be shown 
by the Chinese Student 
Association on Sat., Oct. 
20, at 7:30 p.m., in 2250, 
ill, Muir. Admission is ' 

50~ for members, 75f for 
non- members . The 
movie is in Mandarin, 
with English subtitles. 
(10/19 ) 

PHILOSOPHY 
QUIUM Speaker 

Special Agents . Come 
by the CPP Library. 
Rm . 6033, 6th floor. Muir 
H S. to sch dule your 
appointment ( tn/J!1l 

Application are now 
being accepted at the 
Muir Provost office for 
the winter quarter Muir-
Dartmouth xchange 
program . Any in -
terest >d applicants 
should contact Maxine 
Henry at the muir 
provo t office. Ext 190 \. 
The deadline for ub-
milling applications is 
Friday oct. 26. 1973. 
( 10/26) 

Skier !! Planning for 
fall break 's ski trek to 

un Va lley. Idaho has 
b · gun . Co t i approx 
$l(i5 Clnd ti ck t sa le 
b gan Oct. 15th a t the 
new gym offic . J<'or 
additional info come to 
the ski meet Wed . a t 
7:00 p.m. in SB 2622. 
Ski fli cks will be shown 
a nd memb rship dues 
will be pa ya bl . 
S sions are to b given 
on Mon and Wed at 4 
p.m . and on Tue and 
Thurs at 5 p.m . just 
come to the soccer -field 
in front of the 
natatorium . All are 
weIcom . (10/ 19 . 
Ski Team workouts will 
be h Id M-W 4-5. T -Th 
5-6. 

The Student ' s 
Educational Change 
Center invites anyone 
and everyone to a 
gathering at 10:00 a .m. 
on Wednesday, Oct. 17. 
The meeting will be held 
at th enter. located in 
the lower Muir om-
mon . The enter i a 
student r ource a nd 
many projects have 
been sta rted th r e-
among them are : the 
Course and Professors 
Evaluations . the 
Wilderness class and 
the Learning Fairs . 
Oth r projects ar 
underway-including a 
s tudy of current 
univer ity policie and 
realities concerning 
Independent Studies at 

D and ge nera ll y 
how the tudent can ' 
build hi s education 
Cl round hi needs in-
st ad of th university's 
need . If you have an 
id a to share . or wou ld 
like to li sten to oth rs. 
pleas ·om(' . or ca ll us 
a t 'xt. 25 Hi on campus . 
( 10/ 16 ) 

The Revell Gu 5t In 
Rcsid nee Committee is 
pla nning a bus trip to 
Pa lomar Obser va tory. 
Stud nts int erested 
should sign up in the 
Hcvcl le R s ident 
Dean 's Office by Thur 
Oct. 18th. There will be 
a $1 non -refunda bl 
cha rge. The trip will be 
Sat Oct. 20th . Th bus 
will 1 ave from in front 
of Urey Hall at 10 a .m. 
(10/20) 

ad~rtisements for ou~elves~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
. 

services 
liANG GLID ING U :SSON 
Temp Tele N 1111 phone comp 
l'Omet thru w perm a N 755-9533 
MIke 110/ 19 1 

('a n you dIg BaNaNa' A mag ror 
youn g SO At your local 
bookstore or POBox 816911. 
S 0 at $1 (10. cheap 110/231 

('nur .... ·' '" " .. ,a now heglOn,"", 
IIln:ATlm (; nX'IINIQ ES. 
l\.'iANAS IU :/lITATIO ('all 
11\.00 ·IS2 C'11lI II"IIRI 

wanted 
I"'hl W,ll" d ~1""' St'I' url!Y 
orr,,'l'rs I ull & I' /T $1 K:' 10 

, 

5240 per hour plus Unlrorm 
aUowance Apply In person . no 
phone calls . InternatIonalIty 
IOvesllgators 3913 Oh,o St Suit 
201 SO 110/ 16 1 

MEN . WOMEN JOBS ON 
5 111 PS' 0 experience requIred . 

~:xce ll ent pay Worldwld 
travel Perrect summer Job or 
car er Send 5300 ror In · 
rormatlon SEAFAX . Dept 1-9 
P () Box 2O4!1 Port An!! les 
Wash,ngton 911.162 . 1101191 

personal 
Ilandy A or C;orl,had PI.~;AS~; 
1(1'1 my photograph IldCk from 
r."k ... I want ,I NOW Shan" 
, luI II;' 

housing 
Want female roomate to , hare 
house 10 Leucad,a w,th run 
people 753·2264 110/161 

Cozy 1 bdnn rur apt ror rent III 
So B ·h Sl65/mo 1110 yrd rrom 
h'ghwa y 101 Lenny 755-
52341 10/ 19 1 

Net.'(\ an a partment' ('07Y open 
beam IBIt In P.B ,ce neigh 
bors Let us h Ip you out 'all 
anyllme 2722157 LIsa or Ke,th 
'10119' 

Want Wh,t(, ChrJ~tma, " ~:Xl'h 2 
BI{ hom,· Salt Lak(' Inr ,am,' nr 
Iwa ·hl·" ( 'hr"t~"nJ" hr"a k 

I'~: Su li, vun I';n~l"h 1J(·pt 11 
"I t'tah SL(, HoIII2 ""/2." 

ANSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 
GARRARD SL gaB TURNTABLE with Shut e M91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cover" bue. Super powerful SANSUI QR 500, 4 channel Quadraphonic A~I 
f'M/MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension speakers with 12 
'woofen, 6" mldrange & 3" tweeter, in deluxe walnut enclosures . Speakers 
25- high & .0 pounas each. $1100 list price , Save £600 . omplete or small 

. payments. NOW ~ 
.~M*.*. SAN DIEGO AUDIOO* O* O* o wF.i.J<.l;A~s, 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITYAVE .. ?87-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-f" 

4 ~ 'rb or I"" coupl,'" I"r mmh 
of a llOw l. l Ill·droom~ . 2 hath 
k'I ·h . "VIII~ ,"mill( mom . ,un 
d(ock and mOl'" "a ll -\lIK·alm 
a n ernflon .. 1111/1'1 , 

Ne,'<! l Itl , har,· lunk(.'dout 4 
Udm hou ..... 2:111 lith I ),·1 Mar 0" n 
rm. $7~ Wade x 1!1lI~' . B,II 4:\:' 
41011 x :lIIfj 'I II /!!! I 

for sale 
~ KIS · ~"M:" Impcrators . 2()!;cm . 
$125. Volk, Sapporos 2117 l·m . 
$1211 7558f084 lIo/l~ I 

~:'co 50 wall noc' 'v"r 525 tlr 
of! 'r PanaMmi e casMot tc ck'ck & 
tu ,x.'s . $7~ "a ll John 45Hlfi711 
"rt~r !I 1m 'III/I!II 

·t>S VOflO WAGO P"rred 
mnd low mlleag(' cw trans 
S4!!U or o lrer 45~ '9272. j tO l lll I 

lost & found 
I.OST : One wom 'ns wnstwutch 
hlack st rap . Please cu ll Ann 
Mo;;'r 45:1- 11 00 110/ 191 

FO I) ' Mariann' Mar ·usscn. 
your notehook " ,n th Triton 
1', me'! Office in lhe Los t a nd 
Vnund I>,."k 1111 / 111 1 

LOST Mak' Blac k & Wh,te 
noisy """lied cut nam,'<l Stony 
Iwh,le flc" collarl ('all 45.1 4463 
"O/IUI 

LOST IJI' 01 Wl rl' rraml'(\ 
1(1",,0,(''' . hrn caM' I'd Ilk • to ~(.'e 

all"10 ,/!,r, 2141 I IO / WI 

I,OST 111 lISB 2722 Inlroduc\HJll 
to Ml't'halllts or Sol ids . Popov IJ 
10 4:\:HUI4I1 11111 Ifll 

Found ' fA va luahlc article . In 
USB :.!fi22 If YOU ca n ,dentiry it 
YOU l'u n have ,I 4f>!I ·2076 ( 10/ 161 
FOU J) : Slot or k 'ys w Ischool 
keys 10 nn 11411111 , Pla l..'!.'<! at 
ck.'l>k ,n III. L,brury 1101161 

To whoever , tol e the IIrass 
hetw ~n rey lI a ll a nd thl' gym 
please return ,I No quest,on" 
110/ 121 

LOST ' K,'Y" on nng . meld VW 
key . Wed Altl..'I'noon l1('ur l.a 
.'(Jllu Short·s Dn ve unci Torrey 
PIIlt" ltd I'll'US<' rdurn Lo 4426 
Mil ('r lI ull I 1111 iii I 

SAN SUI • GARRARD. 
12" WOOFIR. 

SANSUI I GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We feature, in llmlted Quantity, 
Sansui' s 210 super powerfUl AM-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
mUlti-sp aker air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters &. :> year guaran-
tee . Garrard's professional series changer with diamond needle & cartridge • 
List $320. Now $221\ . Lo On. EZ. terms, or trade-lns. Only '22. COMPLETE 

Weekdays a8AN DIEGO AUDIO ~*. Sat. & 
10-5 0 * V 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE..28'H830 VW Sun. 10-6 _ 


