
Volume 1 ,Number~ University of Cal ifornia, San Diego Tuesday, April 3, 1973 

Nader Commends CaIPIRG, Urges Consumer Action 

Rick Drom 
Consumer advocate Ralph Nader said 

that Public Interest Research Groups, 
like Cal-Pirg, are essential to "bridge the 
gap between students and the com-
munity," to work on common problems. 

Nader spoke at Grossmont College 
last Monday as a guest speaker in the 
Forum of the Foothills series. He heavily 
criticized the auto industry for a lack of 
concern about consumer safety and 
urged everyone to become a concerned 
citizen. 

Nader received much publicity in the 
60's for his consumer action efforts. His 
book, "Unsafe at Any Speed", alerted 
many to what he called a "lack of 
corporate responsibility" in the auto 
industry. 

Since thea he has actively campaigned 
and organized to battle on a nation-
wide scale for consumer's rights. He has 
questioned and attacked corporations, 
government agencies and institutions in 
an attempt to change their practices. 

Acco rding to Nader, "We have more 
problems than we should tolerate and 
more solutions tha n we use." Instead of 
a lack of techno logy to solve today's 
problems, Nader felt that there is only a 
lack of dedication to work on today's 
problems. 

Nader said that an exception to this is 
the Public Inte rest Research Groups, 
Pirg's, which exist now in 14 states. 

Pirgs d irect t h e id ea listic a nd 

Filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard. 

pioneering energy of students to the 
problems that communities face. 
Besides bringing about real changes in 
the communities, these Pirgs are 
teaching students to be more effective 
citizens of the future, according to 
Nader. 

He cited Cal-Pirg as a good start 
toward student involvement in com-
munity problems in the San Diego area . 
He urged members of the community to 
support Cal-Pirg and its projects because 
it can bring students together with 
members of the community to work on 
common San Diego problems. 

What problems does San Diego face? 
Nader said that these problems are 
largely due to a lack of perception on 

. the part of consumers about the 
products that they buy. 

As examples of this lack of perception, 
Nader cited in depth the automobile 
industry. Instead of producing safety-
conscious cars, Nader charged the auto 
manufacturers with concentrating on 
" pornographic frills ." 

In 1930 the Model A Ford could withs-
tand 5 mph crash with no damage. In 
1972 a Ford car which crashes atr 5 mph 
will suffer about $300 of damage, accor-
ding to Nader. 

He claimed that the auto industry 
deliberately designs cars with an eye on 

the crash parts industry" of the future . 
He questioned the basic logic of such 
frills as grill and sharp hood ornaments. 

"It is against the law for buildings to 
have sharp objects at waist level ," he 
said . "But no one prohibits cars that are 
built with these dangerous items. Why? 
Cars move, unlike build ings." 

Each year ther e are 500 ,000 
pedestrian-auto acc idents; 10,000 of 
which involve fatal iti es. " How much 
brains does it take," he asked the crowd 
in Grossmont's gym," to byild cars 
w ithout sharp , orn a me nta l o bjects 
whose only use is to protect cars from 
pedestrians?" 

Anothe r object of h is attack was the 
food industry. He said that due to heavy 
ad ve rtising work, Ame ri cans are paying 
mo re and bu yi ng less nutr ition each 
year. 

Kids, he complained, learn about food 
from the T.V. rather tha n from thei r 
parents. For them food is someth ing that 
sparkles, has a prize inside, is made of 
sugar and is ready to eat. Fres h frui t 
consumption per person go s down 
each year. 

Even supposedly nutritional food that 
is sold has been degraded, he said . "The 
American hot dog now has about twice 
as much fat as V2 as much meat protein 
as the hot dog of 40 years ago." 

Photos: Eastern 
There are machines which actually are 

designed to pump water into ch ickens, 
under Federal standards, ader said , 
"Americans are paying more for water, 
fat and air than they ever have before." 

In order to work on these problems" 
Nader urged all Americans to become 
educated and action-oriented citizens. 

" Whe re I grew up ," Nader said , 
" there were a handful of citizens who 
showed up at cou ncil meetings and 
probed the councilmen; who were ac-
tive citizens in the community. The 
were looked upon as freaks. We had a 
town drunk, a town fool and a town 
ci tizen. 

" 1 think that this is fundamentall y 
wrong. Alread}' a great deal has com 
from a fe w ded icated citizens. There are 
about 10,000 p rivate interest lobbyists in 
Congress; 15 lobbyists in the public 
inte rest. Yet thes few have already 
been able to bring about substantial 
refo rms. 

" Imagine if each person in the U.S. 
just spent 10% of h is leisu re time in 
citizen work; as so rt of a hobby. Just 
imagine what the conseque nces wou ld 
be." 

Nader with UCSD student Dan Franklin, who is also CalPIRG director. 

Nader concluded by sayi ng, " In the 
future we r ali y ca n ' t afford to take a 
passive role in socie ty. We must refuse 
to del agate our powers to beaucra tic 
institutions and just hope . We must 
exercise our own power as citizens to 
improve our society." 

Gardner to Address Common Cause Meeting 
Laura Scudder 

Common Cause, a group 
founded three years ago by 
former HEW Secretary 
John Gardner, is having an 
open membership meeting 
tomorrow evening where 
Gardner will speak at the 
Aztec Center, Montezuma 
Hall, California State 
University, San Diego. Th 

meeting will be at 7 :45 
P.M. 

Common Cause is a 
nation-wide , lobbying 
organization whi c h 
attempts, through pressure 
exerted on I gislatur at all 
levels of government, to 
make government mor 
respon sive to citizen s' 
wish s. 

Godard on Campus 
French Filmmakers Jean-Lu Godard and Jean-Pierr 

Gorin will be on campus this evening to deliver an 8:30 
p.m. lecture in the R veil Cafeteria. 

Free screenings of Godard's 1969 film STRUGGLE IN 
ITALY, LEITER TO JANE, and the recent Godard-Gorin 
TOUT VA BIEN starring Yv s Montand and Jan Fonda 
will be continuous all day in HL 1449, starting at 9:30 
a.m . STRUGGLE IN ITALY will b hown on only at 
9:30. 

Th I ctur by Godard and Gorin i bing jointly 
spon or d by th Campus Program Board, th D part -
ment of Communications, Third Coli g Coun ii, Muir 
College Council and th R veil Coli ge Coun il. 

For further information on th I ctur / appearan 
of Godard and Gorin, acommpanying articl on 
pas four of today' TRITON TIMES. 

Common Cau se 
represent roughl y a 
quarter of a million p ople, 
its members. It is a no n-
part isa n org an ization , 
large ly based o n volunteer 
act ion. It d ea l , through 
lobb yi n g a n d p r s 
cov rage, with issues im-
portant to a majority o f its 
me mber . The or aniza-
tion send to me m ber 
bull tins of info rmat ion on 
governme nt action a nd 
non -parti a n review s of 
current i u . Me mb rs 
ar polled b te lephon to 
d t rm in th is ue of im-

di cussed the organization . 
Cou nted among its lob-
bying accomplish ments are 
the pas age of the twenty 
ix th am ndm nt, low ring 

the voting ag to eighte n, 
and the equal treatment of 
stud nt in e tabli hing 
their voting r sidence , a 
compar d with over ot r . 
Common Cau is suing 
th Committe to R - I ct 
th Pre id nt b cau e of 
failur to report our of 
camrai n ontribut ns . 

ontinu d on pas 10 



SI~L~fCTI~() 
Sllf()VTS 

Course Offerings 
Social Policy in 

Higher Education 
(URS 140) 

This is a new course concerned with increasing 
understanding of and developing strategies for making 
changes in higher education . It will focus on the U.c. 
system as a case study. 
Con tent: 

The course will explore such issues as the origins and 
functions of higher education, the relationship among 
such social issues as the economy's need for a variety of 
skilled workers and a cbntinued output of both basic 
and applied research, a democracy's dependence on 
an educated and informed citizenry, and the univer-
sity's allocation of resources to these and other possibly 
conflict ing goals. It will examine such concerns as 
trends in the costs and benefits of higher education, 
the st ructure and organization of control over policy 
and decis ion - makin g, exper imentat ion w i th 
developing innovative programs and implementation 
strategies. In th is sense, the course will offer an 
overview to some of the many and complex issues 
surrounding the role and function of higher education 
in U.S. society. Hopefu lly, the ideas and issues In-
troduced here might generate further e~plorations 
through seminars and workshops, probing in greater 
depth what is introduced here. 
f ormat: 

Th e course will be team-taught, involving students 
active in university affairs, an historian, an art ist, a 
physicist, a city planner and a library critic. What brings 
us together is our common desire to pool our 
resources and interests in extending our knowledge of 
higher education and our role in it. 

The course will meet once weekly on Tuesday 
evenings at 7 p.m. at the Literature Common Room of 
Muir College (Rm. 4086 in Bldg. 20). Each session will 
~ be devoted to a specific aspect of three general topics: 
the societal role of and control over higher education; 
the role of research in higher education; and the future 
of higher education. Assigned readings will be dis-
cussed in the context of informal presentations by 
members of the team and invited guests. Each partici -
pant, or team of participants, will' choose from among a 
list of mutually agreed upon problem areas, a topic to 
explore in greater depth through a term paper during 
the Q uarter, sharing the results with the class during 
the last two weeks. The final class session investigations 
are in the field of higher education. 
Prerequisites: 

Open to students actively involved in university 
affairs and/ or committed to working toward the 
general course objectives outlined above. 

For further information, contact the course coor-
dinator, Bob Heifetz, at X281 4 or any of the following 
faculty participants: John Leonard (X1763) (History), 
Fred Lonidier (Visual Arts, X19951. Wayne Vernon 
(Physics, X1897), Donald Westling (Literatu re, X2006). 

Registration will be handled through the URS office 
Secretary at X2813 (located at 411 M C) and through 
attendance at the first class meetings on April 3 and 10. 

Native American in 
Contemporary Society 

Two classes in Native American Studies will be 
offered in Third World Studies this Spring Quarter. The 
first course, "The Native America n j.n Contemporary 
Society" (103) will be held Tues. 3-5 p.m. in 2402 VA 
Muir. The second course, "The U.S. Territorial Expan-
sion Policy vs. Indian Removal and Conflict" (102) will 
be held Mon. l-5 p.m. in 2402 2/A Muir. Any interested 
students who Ni h to enroll in either of these courses 
should sign up at the Third World Studies Office, 410 
MC A Deparlmt'!nt Stamp is requirer/. 

New Approach 
to Language 

A novel a,eI unconv ntional approach to the 
t aching of Fr ~ h and Russian will be adopted in two 
special languag classc's offered by the Department of 
Linguistics thi, Spring. Unlike the normal methods of 
classroom im trliction us d in the Basic Language 
Program, stue nts will employ techniques borrowed 
from the dramatic arts as well as rela~ation/ concentra-
tion exercises, in an atmosphere of music and comfort. 

This ex iting method of language instruction is 
cu rrently bing dev loped at the Institute of 
Suggestology in Sofia, Bulgaria. The director of th 
institute, Dr. G. Lazanov, has been involved in ex-
peri mental r s arch aim d at exploting what h 
b Ii v s to b th incr as d learning potential of 

Page 2 TrtkJn Times Tue~day, April 3,1973 

relaxed states. 
lozanov claims that after 120 hours of learning under 

these conditions, students are in command of a fairly 
rich vocabulary and have a working knowledge of the 
sturcture of the language, whicb can then be applied in 
practice. 

If you are interested in participating in one of these 
special courses, IJlease contact Professor Schane, Direc-
tor of the Language Program, 2125 2C, X1625. 

Undergraduate Re-
search Possibilities 
More than 1,300 top college students throughout the 

country will conduct guided research or independent 
study this summer in all fields of science under grants 
recently awarded by the National Science Foundation 
(NSF). 

The grants, totaling over $2 million, were awarded to 
155 colleges, universities, and nonprofit organizations. 
They support 191 projects under NSF's Undergraduate 
Research Participation (URP) Program. Institutions in 48 
states and the District of Columbia received awards; 
however, UCSD was not one of them. 

The URP projects are designed to improve college 
instruction by demonstrating the superior teaching 
effectiveness that results from placing major respon-
sibility for learning upon the student. URP achieves this 
by supporting apprenticeships in scientific research. 
Such research is also designed to expand the students' 
knowledge and help them learn the dedication, in-
dependence, and creativity expected of scientists. 

Students in many URP projects have the opportunity 
to select specific research topics from the biological, 
environmental, mathematical, physical , and sotial 
sciences, engineering, and interdisciplinary fields. Par-
ticipants are paid stipends of up to sao per week for the 
10 to 12-week projects. 

Most projects select students from outside the host 
institution in addition to their own undergraduates. If 
you are interested in learning more about the 
programs, a li5ting of projects may be reviewed in Jean 
Fort 's Office, Graduate Studies and Research, 108 
Matthews Campus. 

Undergrad Fellow-
ship Possibilities 

Chancellor William D. McElroy and the Faculty 
Committee on Undergraduate Scholarships, Honors, 
and Prizes are happy to announce the competition 
opening for the 1973-74' President's Undergraduate 
Fellowship Program. 

The Program is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to carry out special studies and 
projects under faculty supervision during term t ime 
and/or vacations. Such, projects may include research 
and/or other creative activities. 

The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 
has grown in popularity among our students since it 
was first offered by our University President in 1967, 
and the compeition is keen. Over 60 applications were 
received by the UCSD Scholarship Committee for the 
1972-73 academic year. 

A stipend is awarded for each project and is scaled to 
established need as reflected in the cost of the 
student's project and will not exceed $1 ,000. A report 
by the student on his completed project, together with 
the sponsori ng professor's review and appraisal, will be 
su bmitted to President Hitch. Summaries of t.he reports 
will be presented by the President to the Regents. 

All Freshman, Sophomore and junior students are 
urged to submit an application. The subject matter may 
or may not be related to the student's major course of 
study, minor field of study, or other course work. 
However, the project must be work above and beyond 
the normal course of study. The Fellowship award is for 
one year and is not renewable. The stipend will be 
based upon need, such need to be determined by the 
project cost. This cost may include materials and 
supplies, legitimate travel ing expenses, non-term living 
expenses while engaged in the project, and loss of 
employment income as a direct result of the project. It 
is expected that the fellow will su bmit periodic reports 
of funds used during the year. The Chancellor, acting 
with the advice of the Senate Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Prizes, will select the 
recipients ea rly in June. The Chancellor will award the 
fellowships on behalf of the President himself. Project 
proposals and accompanying letters from faculty spon -
sors must be submitted to the Financial Aids Office, 
Building 213 MC, by April 20, 1973. 

Students wishing to apply for this projed are urged 
to consult with faculty and submi t an application 
immediately. 

Bookstore Giveaway 
Freud, Darwin, Rabelais, Shakespeare, Marx, 

Machiavelli ... the famous "Master library" of 443 great 
works by 74 authors who shaped the civilization we live 
in, will be given away by the University Bookstore in a 
free drawing Friday, April 6. Enter Today at the 
bookstore. 

Three From UCSD 
Cited for 

Achievement 
Three University of California, San Diego faculty 

members have been selected to appear in the 1973 
edition of "Outstanding Educators of America." They 
are : Dr. joyce justus, Assistant Professor of 
Anthropology ; Dr. Douglas W . Smith, Assistant 
Professor of Biology; and Dr. Melford E. Spiro, 
Professor of Anthropology. 

The three were nominated earlier this year and 
seleded on the basis of their professional and civic 
achievements. The annual awards program honors 
teachers for their "exceptional service, achievements, 
and leadership in the field of education." 

Nominations for the program are made by officials of 
colleges and universities throughout the United States. 
The selection guidelines include the educator's effec-
tiveness in the classroom, contributions to research, 
administrative abilities, civic service, and professional 
recognition. 

Joyce Justus joined the faculty at UCSD in 1971 and 
has served as coordinator of the Urban and Rural 
Studies Program in the Third College. She has con-
ducted ethnographic research in the West Indies and is 
a member of the American Anthropological Associa-
tion. 

Smith, a member of the UCSD biology faculty since 
1969, has served as a research assistant for the Depart-
ment of Agriculture and as a teaching and research 
assistant in the Department of Physics at the University 
of Illinois. He is a member of the Biophysical Society 
and the American Society for Microbiology. 

Spiro, Professor of Anthroplogy at UCSD since 1968, 
served as chiarman of the anthroplogy department 
from 1968 to 1971. He has taught at Wahingston 
University in St . Louis, the University of Connecticut, 
the University of Washington, and the University of 
Chicago . .He has also served as a Visting Professor at the 
University of Hawaii and has conduded field work in 
Thailand, Burma, Israel, and Micronesia as well as with 
the Ojibwa Indians in Wisconsin. 

New UCSD 
Publication 

" The circumstantial evidence is pretty strong that we 
can expect an earthquake in San Diego," says 
seismologist Dr. James Brune in the lead article of the 
April UC San Diego. 

"The really bad situation is that a lot of people 
assume a quake couldn't hit San Diego," Brune con-
tinues. " As a result, they haven't done enough about 
safe school construction ." 

UC San Diego is the bright new general-interest 
monthly from UCSD. The new publication was initiated 
by Chancellor William D. McElroy with the appoint-
ment of C. David Hellyer as University Editor in the 
public affairs department. It is being published to show 
the people of San Diego how UCSD affects their lives. 

In " Earthquakel", two scientists at UCSD sound a 
warning. They feel the community has not done 
enough to proted itself from impending earthquake 
disaster. This concern is an outgrowth of a major 
research effort currently underway at UCSD to better 
understand earthquake mechanism. 

Another article - "The Politics of Books" - is the 
story of SD Metro, the consortium of public and private 
libraries which has just been formed to keep our area's 
invaluable resea rch collections from being moved to 
Los Angeles, as the state finan ce director has suggested. 

Editor of the new publication is James Cravens of Del 
Mar. Cravens, a graduate of the University of Arizona 
and Northwestern Un iversity, is a former associa te 
editor of Behavior Today newsletter and literature 
instructor at San Diego Mesa College. 

CA.LPIRG RETA.IL FOOD PRICr. S'!RYEY - IIwober 2 
Copyrl~ht 1913 CALPIRO DatA ot aurvey. March 8-9, 1913 
Catel!OJ'l rodl1&rt Food B .. kat 5at!!!2 Uj!ho Bota K II&rt Bil Bear Von. Br.dlba". Kayta1rl 
"eato (2R~) ... 0.0" 0.6 3.1 5.1 1.2 2.1 1.4 1.9 

nairy (1~) 0.0 1.9 3.6 4.2 7,2 5.8 50S 7.9 

!'rodu co (7%) 0.0 0.1 2.) 8.6 S.J 50S 8'.1 10.) 

~o .. n Food, 0,1 2.0 ).0 0.0 3.2 4.8 6.1 90$ (4() 
~.nne" FruitA 5.9 0.8 0.0 

~,v.~. (5") 1.7 5.6 11.0 3.4 lli.2 

Sabry" 1.1 0.1 2.1 
Cereal' 0") 1.3 0.0 2.4 5.6 6.1 
!ltapl •• (5.) 0.0 J.4 S.5 2.S ).0 6.4 6.4 10.8 , 

!UIC. Preparecl 2.7 0.0 2.0 2.0 3.9 1.6 11.7 12.2 
Fooda (20") 
/lon-Foods (11.:C)0.0 6.6 4.9 1.5 11.6 9.0 IJ.6 15.6 
TOTAL (100:C) 0.0 0.1 2. 0 2.~ 3.5 4.8 6.3 8.2 , 
• "'able entries are prices expressed as percentages abave t.he lowest priced .tore in each category a 

.. ~:u",bera in parentheses are percentagee ot average conaWllr 8UpfrIMrket spending in each cate r,oI7. 
/I Since the survey "a. taken, ~!ayfa1r haa aubstant.1aUy altered It. pricing policy, and It ..... telt that to include the1l' 

re.ults would bto ,daleadin" . They w1ll bto included 1n t he next 1l1no"1' 

CalPIRG Retail Survey #2 
The California Public Interest 

Research Group (CaIPIRG) today 
released the resu Its of its second 
retai l food price survey of San Diego 
area stores. In addition to tabulating 
price differences, the survey checked 
for possible regional price variations. 

In the store-to-store comparison, 
the most notable find ing was that 
prices were significantly closer 
between the highest and lowest 
priced chains. FedMart again had the 
lowest overall prices, but there was 
less than once percentage d ifference 
between them and Food Basket, 
which ranked second . Ma yfair 
markets again came out with the 
highest prices, but since the survey 
was taken on March 8 and 9, they 
have subs tantially altered their 
prici ng policy. For thi s reason, 
releasing their results would be mis-
leading, and Mayfair was left off the 
survey chart. 

There were two sw itches in 
ranking, according to Ellen Wilson, a 
student at the University of Califor-
nia, San Diego, who handled the 
second survey. " K Mart moved from 

Low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 

sixth to fifth , and Vons moved ahead 
of Bradshaws," she sa id. Bradshaws 
was the highest priced of those l isted, 
but the spread was only 8.2%, com-
pared to 14.5% between the highest 
and lowest last time. 

There are various possibilities for 
the closer price relationships. In 
some insta nces, store sa les will 
somewhat alter their standing for one 
particular survey. Also, the survey list 
was expanded from 70 to 79 items, 
though thi s would not account for 
significant differences. Ms. Wilson 
pointed out that a simi lar series of 
compa risons in Hawai i had resulted 
in a greatly narrowed gap between 
prices, and after four months the 
average price there declined 4%. 

The second survey also compared 
price differences between 
geographical areas of the San Diego 
metropolitan area. Surveyors covered 
stores from Del Mar to Imperial 
Beach to EI Cajon, and each store was 
compared to the average for that 
chain. "The results w ere surprising," 
according to Alan Friedman, a UCSD 

student who helped run the survey. 
" Wh ile popular opinion holds that 
prices are higher in some areas of the 
city, we found no significant 
variations in any chain . However, this 
does not mean that food quality, 
especially for meats, is the same in 
each store, but this was not able to be 
measured by our surveyors." 

The effects of inflation were readily 
apparent, especially in meat prices. 
The average price of chicken was up 
12¢ per pound; for lean ground beef 
and boneless rump roast, 10¢ per 
pound; bacon was up 3¢. However, 
three stores' meat prices went down : 
Ma yfa ir, Vons and Alpha Beta . 
FedMart meat prices lead all others in 
increases, although they still ranked 
lowest in this category. 

Future CalPIRG surveys will ex-
amine "store brand" prices, and in-
vestigate the quality of ground beef, 
according to Ms. Wilson. "We will · 
continue our basic survey to let 
sboppers know where they can find 
their lowest prices," she said. 

Pieface and I got back to the station at 4:46 exactly. I 
remember the time because we both were rather in a 
hurry to get there. It would be kind of embarrassing for 
two grown men to pull into a gas station just to use the 
rest rooms. For the first time in years, I'didn 't sign in 
immediately. 

In the office, Bland started in on his report. I made a 
call, though, before I sta rted mine. 

"Sara?" 
" Yes Friday?" "Giv~ me the lab, please." 
The phone range twice before Dr. Beverl y answered . 

I asked him to dig up all he could on the effects of 
sodium nitrate on the body. 

SLAGNET- III He said he's have the information with in five minutes. I buzzed off and went to work on my report. Not two minutes later, the boss rang up and said he 
wanted to see us. I looked up at Bland. He looked at 
me. We looked at each other. What cou ld it bel 

"You did pretty good, men l" 
We turned Peters over to the County Hospital. 

Actually, the receiving room didn't want him at all . 
Bland was a quick thinker, though. He went to the car 
and got all the money from Peters' wallet. The orderly 
took the body, but with reluctance. 

I had to shell out a fiver from my own wallet before 
he'd take the arm. 

It was the boss' voice, coming, as you might have 
already expected, from the boss' mouth. " So," he 
continued, "I've decided to let you both have a week's 

continued next column 

paid vacation." He looked at Bland and grinned. "Now 
you ' ll have time for that honeymoon you've been 
planning, eh Pieface7" 

Bland rubbed his hands together and almost smiled . 
"Yes, sir," he said. 

"The" Lout stood up and shook our hands. "That's 
all, men. Dismissed." 

We went back to the office and continued our 
reports where we left them. Bland was understandably 
excited, talking about where he and his wife-of-three-
weeks would go. I was about to make a few suggestions 
when the intercom buzzed . 

" Yeah?" 
"Got the info, Joe." It was Doc Beverly. 
" Well, let's have it right between the eyes!" I said 

jovially. 
"I don't know about 'between the eyes', but here it 

is. " 
" Okay." I motioned for Bland to come over to the 

desk. 
"Sodium nitrate is used as a preservative in some 

foods, such as dried meat. It is sometimes used in the 
manufacture of gunpowder when potassium-" 

"All right, all right," I interrupted, "but what does it 
do to the body?" 

Beverly coug hed. " Well , aside from making you want 
to drink a lot of fluids, and making you get rid of them 
as soon as you've finished drinking them; it ... ah ... kills 
your ... uh ... sex drive." 

ThaI'S what I couldn't remember ! Oh, well, if that's 
all I have to worry about, big-

Bland ! His honeymoon! 
"Bland!" I yelled. He was nowhere to be seen. I got 

up and peered over the desk to see if he had fainted. 
He wasn't there. Then I ran to the corridor. 

I got to the door just in time to see him duck into the 
men's room ... 

(Chorus of hogs : "Dah-da-dah-dah.") 

Free Money 
Aiding students finan-

cially has become a service 
at Lubavitch-Chabad 
House, 6115 Montezuma 
Road. 

"Up to $100 loan can be 
borrowed with no interest 
rates and little red tape," 
said Rabbi Kranz. "My in-
tere st is in helping 
students." 

The Rabbi will decide on 
an individual basis whether 
th e student's situation 
warrants a loan. The stu-
dent will have up to si~ 
months to return the pay-
ment. 

loved students because of 
their interest in learning. 
"This is why he sent me to 
Rabb inical school," said 
Rabbi Kranz. Mr. Kranz 
was a businessman who 
cam to the United States 
from a small town in 
Poland in 1935. He lived on 
a farm in Connecticut until 
his death in June, 1970. 

The Joel Kranz Memorial 
Fund also functions in 
Detroit, Michigan, for 
needy adults. 

Rabb i Kranz and hi 
three brothers and sister 
set up the fund in memory 
of their father, Joel Kranz. 
The fund also honors the 
70th birthday of the head 
of the Lubavitch-Chabad 
organization, Rabbi 
Menachen Mendell 
Schneerson. 

••••• •.....•........• 

Rabbi Kranz describes 
his father as a simple 
kindhearted man who 

:Baja Kits -
: Discount Coupon: 
. . 

• 4 Styles 5 % Off Kits : 
· Accessories 

purchased with kits 

20% Off 
Fiber Mex 
283 Broadway, 
Chula Vista 

· 

· 

· 
· • 

· 
· • 

· •..•.•..•.•••........ 

Page 3 Tuesday, April 3, 1973 Triton Times 



Films screened continuously Today 

Godard, Gorin. 
Lecture at U CSD 

Filmmakers Jean-Luc Godard and Jean Pierre Gorin 
will be on campus to lecture today, April 3, at 8:30 p .m. 
in the Revelle Cafeteria. Screenings of their films will 
be held continuously today from 9:30 a.m. in HL 1449; 
shown will be "Struggle in Italy", "Tout Va Bien" and 
"letter to Jane." 

Michael Goodwin wrote of Godard in Double 
Feature: "At thirty-nine, Jean-Luc Godard is clearly one 
of the ranking members of the cinematic pantheon. 
This has to do partly with technical matters (such as the 
skill and effectiveness with which an image and sound 
are employed to create an object called a motion 
pidure), but also has to do with the underlying themes 
of his life and work. Godard is a philosopher/ essayist 
(in the tradition of Sarte, we suppose, although Godard 
would not appreciate the comparison), who uses film 
as the medium with which to express his developing 
ideas about the universe and man's place in it." 

His early films dealt brilliantly with such matters as 
the existential absurdity of the world he saw around 
him. "Le Carabiniers", for instance (his fifth feature-
length film made in 1962), although ostensibly dealing 
with war - a subject which, as the physical objectifica-
tion of imperialism, is still at the heart of his work -
was less an analysis of the causes of war than a dadaist 
comedy based on Jarry's " Ubu Roi." But as he worked, 
Godard grew steadily more political. Beginning with 
" Pierrot Ie Fou", in which a short, bitter sketch about 
the Vietnam war was included, Godard promised that 
such a sequence would be put into every film he made 
until the United States got out of Vietnam. 

At the same time as this process of politicalization 

began, Godard was growing increasingly dissatisfied 
with the effectiveness of his films as political acts. A film 
can be an objet d'art which presents an aesthetic 
and/or informative parallel with the world, or it can be 
a tool with which to alter that world . Godard's thrust as 
a filmmaker began to be increasingly in the diredion of 
film as tool. 

Necessarily; perhaps, his politics changed, too; and 
interest in Maoism (or Marxism-Leninism) began to 
appear in his films, becoming clearly visible for the first 
time in " La Chinoise./1 Still, although he had begun to 
adopt a Maoist method of thinking, his method of 
working was essentially unchanged. He was making 
political films, but he was (to use his words) not making 
political films politically. It was at this jundure that he 
met Jean-Pierre Gorin, and the idea that was to become 
the Dziga Vertov group was developed. 

Godard and Gorin established priorities, and film-as-
art was low on the list. (See "La Chinoise/l, which, 
although pre-Dziga Vertov, contains a significant 
forerunner of things to come: the blackboard se-
quence in which the names of famous writers are listed, 
and then erased, leaving only Brecht.) Godard has 
made conlicting statements as to whether he will ever 
return to making fictional films, but there is no ques-
tion that, for the moment, he considers the highest 
priority to be " the revolution ." 

Godard and Gorin are being sponsored by the 
Campus Program Board, Communications, Third 
College Council, and Revelle and Muir College Coun-
cils. All screenings are free and open to the public. 

Modern Dance Offer 
The Physical Education Department will be spon-

soring a Master Class in Modern and Ethnic Dance 
featuring Margalit Oved. 

As a performing artist, Margalit Oved encompasses 
the great range of expressions of dance, theater, 
singing and mime. This is further flavored by her 
expertise as a virtuoso drummer, composer and 
choreographer. 

Ms. Oved's artistic accomplishments are long and 
varied . She has been the prima dancer of the Inbal 
Dance Theater of Israel. With this company she has 
appeared in the great roles varying from the dramatic 
strength of Deborah from the Bible as well as the 
Queen of Sheba to the personification of the spiritual 
qualities of the "woman of valor." Furthermore, she 
has played pa rts calling for comedy, narrations or 
lyrical expression. 

Her talents have further extended themselves into 
films. As an actress she has been one of the leads in the 
film "Hill 24 Doesn't Answer" as welJ as appearing in 
the George Stevens Production, "The Greatest Story 
Ever Told." Her personal artistic expression has been 
captured in a solo documentary film, "Gestures of 
Sand", financed by the Ford Foundation. 

As a composer and choreographer, she has created 
numerous works . John Rockwell , los Angeles Times 
critic, said her latest work, "landscape", was "an 

IMUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUs:: 
U c 
Z z 

~"LDNDDN IncW:' ~ 
~ IPICIIL! ~ 

~ ONLY ~ 

! 83- I ~ I 
I r •• L ....... Ii ..... - s:: ~ 2 plll_ .r nu..... • ~ 
i .. ..D -1'tIiq III aid... ~ 
~ regularly $1.10) ~ 

~ Bring 'his ad Into any H. Salt Shoppe for a I 
I LONDON SPECIAL special. s:: 

~1.1i.1'. ~ 
U OFFER GOOD THRU APRIL 30, 1973 ~ 
z z 

~ n 
~CH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCHI 

Page ~J(iw.~ .Tj'l1~S J.4~$PAY/.M~iI,3, .1~7,J • II 
\ I " ~ I I, I ., J aJ .' j ;n 

obsessive ne~r masterpiece", and of her music, " What 
made this steady state outpouring of maniacally pur-
poseful activity unforgettable was Miss Oved's own 
musical accompaniment. ... " She has recorded a solo 
album for Folkways Records. 

Ms. Oved's talents will further manifest themselves 
this next summer when she will spend six weeks in 
residency at UC Santa Cruz. There she will compose 
the music and choreography for the Drama 
Department's production of the Greek comedy, "The 
Birds" by Aristophanes. 

Ms. Oved has appeared throughout the world from 
the Sarah Bernhardt Theater in Paris, to Her Majesty's 
Theater in Australia, to the Martin Beck Theater in New 
York. As the prima dancer of Inbal, she has given 
command performances before the King and Queen of 
Nepal as well as before Queen Juliana of the 
Netherlands. 

The class wi ll be held on Saturday, April 7 from 4-6 
pm in the Gym. It will be FREE to all UCSD students, 
faculty and staff with ID, therefore anyone wishing to 
attend should sign up immediately in the PE office. The 
San Diego community ias also invited to participate. 
Student admission is $1 .50, adults 52. All tickets to be 
purchased at the door. For further information, contact 
Renee Cadena, X2282. 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
Bill Smith .~or~lln Cat Strtltt un aow 5tnkt IMI ,,,.Ir 

your Datsun • 
Our m«h.nla .re qu.lmtd '0 t.b taft o( 11H1t car 

All our repair performed on yourcar 
hll\'1t a 6.(XX) milt or 6 month luauntec 
We al50 service, and repllr Volk 5Walen~ 

8111 Smith Forell" Car SeWIC!: 
343 Soutll Hi,hway 101 

Solan. Beach. Cam 
(71~) 7SS-3J23 

Mntuc".ra •• nd B."kAntfrk.r' ,eIIl. r.r'! .eet"" 

4083 Governor Drive al Genesee 
lelephone 453-5753 

urs: Monday·Frlday 10-7; Saturday 9·6; Sunday 11-4 

_--. Hurry! Offer good through 
Saturday, April 14 

. ,,, _. . .. t ... f' . ... fa •• o' ....... ,. •• ••• ....... • . . . ........ .. 

On the War Path 
Buffalo Bill is the centra l focus in " Indians", the drama currently on stage at the 

Old Globe Theatre in Balboa Park. The conflict between the Indian nation and the 
American government, climaxing with the battle of Wounded Knee on Christmas 
Day, 1890, was written by Art hur Kopil. 

Guest director Asaad Kelada is staging "Indians" with performances scheduled 
nig htly except Monday through April 29. 

Dramatizing the life of Buffalo Bill as an example of the hero-myth of America, 
playw right Kopit creates scenes to highlight the tragedy of the Indian-
government relationship. Buffalo Bill is promoted into a national hero by 
newsman-writer Ned Buntline after destroying buffalo herds to provide food for 
rai lroad workers. The government selects him as a guide to the Grande Duke 
Alexis of Russia during a visit to the American West. 

Alan Fudge will play the leadi ng role of Buffalo Bill in "Indians." A guest artist 
fo r thi s production, Fudge has been featured in nine previous productions of the 
0 1 Globe Theatre's National Shakespeare Festival. His current feature film 
appea rance is in the new Peter Fonda film "Two People ." 

Other principal ro les will be played by Tavis Ross as Sitting Bull , Forrest 
Buckman as Wild Bill Hickock, Ralph H. Jones as Ned Buntline and John Parra as 
John Grass. A total of 38 actors appear in the Old Globe Theatre production of 
" Indians." 

Guest Director Asaad Kelada last fall directed "The Effect of Gamma Rays on 
Man- in-the-Moon Marigolds" at the Carter Centre Stage and last spring directed 
" Rosencrantz and Guilde nste rn are Dead" for the Old Globe Theatre. 

Students through college may purchase tickets for $2, available for all perfor-
mances except Saturday evening. 

Campus Music 
A free program of music by Mozart, Beethoven, and Brahms will be presented 

by the San Diego Chamber Orchestra at UCSD at 4:30 p .m., Sunday, April 6. 
The concert, conducted by Glenn Block, will be held in the Recital Hall, Bldg. 

409 on the Matthews Campus. 
The program will include Mozart's " Overture to the Opera, 'Don Giovanni''', 

and Brahms' "Serenade NO. 1 in 0 Major, Op. 11 ." Beethoven's "Piano Concerto 
No. 3 in C Minor, Op. 37" will feature Mary Alderdice as pianist. 

A California-born composer , Ms. Alderdice attended the Interlochen Arts 
Academy and the Eastman School of Music. She studied the work of Bach with 
Rosa lyn Tureck and has also been a student of leon Fleischer. She has been 
awarded an International Bach Society Fellowship and performed recently at the 
Marlboro Music Festival. 

The San Diego Chamber Orchestra is an ensemble dedicated to creating a new 
system of orchestral performance which acts as an alternative to the more 
tradit ional system of performance of most professjonal and amateur o rchestras. 
To achieve this new syste m of performance requires the ensemble to be totall y 
free of any divisive elements that would destroy the interpersonal structure and 
relationsh ips among me mbers and the various sections of the orchestra. Members 
feel that traditional orchestra has developed such a highly competitive system that 
these relation.sh ips are destroyed . 

Members of the Chamber Orchest ra also perform as principal players and 
members of the Civic Youth Orchestra, the San Diego Symphony, and the 
Califo rn ia State University Orchestra . Block, the condu.ctor, is a gifted principal 
bass player of the San Diego Symphony, a solo bass player for the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra, and a member of several opera orchestras. He is presently a 
teaching assistant in music at UCSD. 

Yes, Yes, Yes ••• 
British rock group Yes, above, is now .back for their fourth American tour, and 

they will appear in San Diego tomorrow, April 4, at the Sports Arena. Richard 
Cromelin has written of the group : 

"Not too long ago it seemed unlikely that a group whose music was nearly 
symphonic in its complexity, whose rhythms danced back and forth miles and 
miles from 4/ 4 territory, whose guitarist favored intricate runs over bluesy blasts, 
whose singer was blessed with a sweet and pure voice rather than a tough and 
raspy one, whose music wasn't soft like Crosby, Stills & Nash nor monstrously 
heavy like Cream, none of whose members could comfortably don the mantle of 
rock 'n' roll Superstardom, would ever make it. 

"Now we know better, and it took Yes to make the point. It 's a band of five, a 
group that has followed the classic route from serendipity (the latter in the form 
of Me/doy Maker's classified ads) ; learning about the music they could make 
together and determining its potential; solidifying and developing that germ; 
weathering the seemingly inevitable personnel changes, letting each new 
member contribute heavily to the continuing musical progressiol"; finally 
crystallizing all the pieces into a unique, individual style and seeing it 
enthusiastically accepted by the rock audience." 

Gallery Art 
A kaleidoscope of art - from paintings and photography to cloisonne and 

environmental sculpture - opened yesterday at the UCSD Art Gallery. 
Several exhibitions will run concurrently in the Art Gallery and in the adjoining 

Student Gallery, both located on the first floor (Room 1260) of the Humanities-
Library Bldg. on the Revelle College campus. Regular hours for the galleries are 
from 12-5 p.m., daily, and 6-10 p.m., Wednesdays. 

An intercollegiate art exhibition of paintings, sculpture, an:! jewelry will be 
displayed by students from UCSD, Southwestern Junior College, Palomar Jun ior 
College, and California State University, San Diego. Also on display will be a 
con temporary cloisonne and metalwork exhibition and a photography exhibition 
by UCSD faculty and students. The exhibitions will be on display through April 15. 

In addition to these, paintings by UCSD graduate students Gerry McAllister and 
Suzanne Turk will be exhibited in the Student Gallery through April 7. An 
environmental sculpture piece by UCSD graduate student Tom Huston will be 
displayed April 9-15. 

According to art gallery sources, most of the works in the exhibitions will be for 
sa le with prices available upon request. 

Take It Off 
Currently showing at San Diego's newly reopened Off-Broadway Theater is 

"Gypsy", the first production effort of the Wortman-Hartzog team. Derived from 
Gypsy Rose lee's best-selling memoirs adapted for the stage by Arthur laurents, 
"Gypsy" tells the colorful song and dance odyssey of a girl who goes from tank-
town vaudeville to the tinselled gaudiness of Minsky burlesque to international 
stardom. 

Directed by Stuart Bishop, whose credits include "On a Clear Day" with Juliet 
Prowse and "Irma La Douce", starring Chita Rivera , "Gypsy" will be 
choreographed by Dee Ann Johnston. Kay Ballard stars as Gypsy's scheming, 
ambitious stage mother, and also stars Linda Kaye Henning and Gavin Macleod. 

The Off Broadway Theater, which had its beginnings as a burlesque showplace 
in the 20's and 30's, will stage the Gypsy production through Sunday, April 22. 
Performances are scheduled at 8 :30 p.m. Tuesdays through Saturdays and at 7:30 
p.m . on Sundays. Matinees are set at 2 on Saturdays and Sundays. 

\ VISUAL ARTS SPRING SCHEDULE 
The following classes have minor changes 
but may affect some students' schedules 

VA 106A Beginning Painting Sec 1 
Sec 2 

VA 105B Intermediate Drawing by 
Harold Cohen Lee. II 

Intra/Eastern Art 
Japanese Art 

Camera Techniques (166A) 

Photo Strategies (167 A) 

T,Th 2:00-4:50 
M,W 1 :00-3:50 

T,Th 7:00-10:00 pm 

T,Th 4:00-5:30 

T,Th 10 : 00- 1 2:~U 

M,W 2:00-4:50 

MC101 
MC101 

T-MCS06 
Th-MC201 

201330 

HL 1459 

Page 5 Tuesday, April 3, 1973 Triton Times 



"WE'RE NUMBER 1" 
Number 1 

In 
military power I 

but we're 

li1 Number 8 t . I doctor.pallent rallon, j, J 
Number 14- IT§TI 

in 
literacy ' 

~ Number 14 -. Infant mortalit~n, \ \ 
Numb'lr 2) u-. 

in -'. I' 
lite expectancyJ • Ii .,! I f 

Sourc •• 
1 p ...... (lI Nat.on., ,p<;.ur+ly Ind Ihe SAL T Ag '~8mf>nl'5 Bureau 

.,1 Pvr>hc AIf.,., Of-pAtIn en! 01 Stafr AugUM I 1912 
,. Sfalfs/,cd' Yf!'drbool< S'oIll toca 0111(0 Cllhp U"'I~d N al,un, 

:J W orld Dd t. Udn(jhCtH, Ia.iM'" Un+I(.-d t.toll'''\5 ~orl"9r. Po ICy 
OFoCHr,". I'll I SllUt 1'~"2 

The opinions expreued on these poges ore those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the view. of the TRITON TIMES Anyone desiring '0 subml' material to be pubtished on !hue poges 
should ,end It to the Editorial Director, TRITON TiMES, 117 Bloke Hall, UCSD 

A Petition To Those 
Who Need To Listen 

(Thil pelHion wa~ circular('cJ the fa It day of rlal\. II wa\ 
signed by all the· srur/pnl < preH'nI at that time.) 

Professor 15mith Khan is a top-rate Instructor, w('l1 -
~uited for hi~ position. His classes have always bpen 
pf(ir iently administ red. and carried out in as high an 
u-ddemic I('vel as wa po<~ible. Most importantly, 
Professor Khan displays an unu,ual amount of interest 

Brdndon Wander 'vIu Ir 5 .. nior 
Kim Robin.on Muir Junior 
P(>!f'r Pol", huk 'vIuir ~ .. ",or 
W. Frf'denck S~mp,on MUir ~f'nior 

RI~hdrd W Pf'tN,on Rp.vl'lIl' Junior 
D .. bblP Burke tvlUlf Senior 
Don 0 HurlC'y Rpv('IIe Senior 
lohn Koppch Revell,· Junior 
Ipff Dubnff MUir Sophomore 
Paul Gremenro Revpllc Junior 
PalrlCla Backlp\ 'vIur Junior 
Barbara Horwitz MUir Senior 
Lynne Sandoval 'vIuir Junior 
lynn FrePr MUir lunior 
William S, GrC'('np Rpvpll(' lunlor 
Betty lane Ra( k MUir SophomorC' 
Doug Moffat MUir S nlor 
Ari('l Sotolongo Muir Senior 
Stephen T Gtlb .. rt. Muir Senior 
Jack Desmond Muir lunior 
Gregory Bowie' Muir Junior 
Myra-Rev£> Her an Muir Junior 
Victor ~al('rno Muir lunior 
Geronimo MaIL S il.j,d Co!!na~ lunior 

-
-

- -

-, t 
t 

NORTH SHORES READING CLINIC I 7726 GI RARD AVE., LA JOLLA 454-0818 
Individual & semi-private schedules I for adults & childr n 

TESTI NG Inrlud,"~ ,p.d,ng di,gno,,", ."ion 110 h •• rtng. 
TRAINING S.,...d, ,.m.d"l.nd.1I fo,m,olro.d,ng ,h."PI' 

-- -
-

-

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 3, 1973 

I 

• 

in his student s. H(' is concerned with aiding his 
students' academiC career s, seeing that they get 
through school. His attention has been more personal 
and sincere than is to be expected in an increasingly 
(old teaching nvironment. The amount of tim , in 
terms of criticism and preparation, h funnels into his 
classes is enormous. 

We, students of Professor Ismith Khan's General 
Li1C'rature 115 clas5, ar(' a~tonish('d at the nonsensical 
f,Kt that Professo r Khan was refused tenure for alleg('d 
"teaching inadequa ies." If there is a reason, it has yet 
to b given. It is well known than Prof ssor Khan is 
drrply involved with the d velopment of Third· 
Collpge, He has created a novel class in ther 
hPretofore unt"'xplor d field of Caribbean literature. 

We appeal to the minds of reason, Literature Depart-
m('nt Chairman Andrew Wright and Vive-Chancellor 
Paul Saltman, to begin the tenure evluation from 
scratch . Prof ssor I mith Khan IS an invaluable 
acadpmic asset to UCSD's Literatur Department and 
th tudf'nts of UCSD. We, the underSigned, see su h a 
loss as an unforgivable mistake. Under the given 
rircumslances, no one should reasonably want to see 
him leave UCSD - unless they had other non· 
academic reasons. 

This p tition was drafted and ci rculated without the 
knowledge or support of Professor Ismith Khan . This is 
a pur Iy unsoclicited attempt by his stud nts to su pply 
lh Lit ralUre and University Administrations with new 
evid nce, so lhat th next tenur committe will make 
some sense. 

- --

- ow -

ow _ 

--NATURE AND PHOTOGRAPHY 
If you're going camping this summer, you 

might want to combine your trip with a tough , 
no-nonsense cou rse in photographic ART con-
ducted outdoors, in Nature's own studio. 
Ev ning campfire programs and camping tips 
are included . 
Writ e: Drew Everett 

324 S. First St., 
Alhambra, Calif. 91802 
-------

... 

Viet Nam: Wha 
San Diego Imloclhil 

MYTH: South Vietnam is a separate cou ntry. 

FACT: This claim belies a 4000 year history of a united 
Vietnam, forced to fight against invasion by the Chinese, 
Mongols, French, Japanese, and finally the Americans , 

Following the defeat of the French forces at Dienbienphu 
in 1954, Vietnam was temporarily divided .into two zones at 
the 17th parallel to allow for regroupment of the French and 
Vietminh forces. The Geneva Accord states that th e demarca-
tion line is "a provisional demarcation line and is not by any 
means interpreted as constituting a political or territorial 
boundary." 

In preventing the reunification elections in 1956, the U.S. 
government was directly responsible for the division of 
Vietnam. This was acknowledged by government analysts in 
the Pentagon Papers, where it is stated that "we must note 
that South Vietnam ... was essentially the creation of the 
United States." (Gravel Edition, Vol. 11, page 22). 

MYTH: Nguyen Van Thieu heads a popular, democratic 
government. 

FACT: South Vi tnam under the Thleu regime is governed 
largely by decr e, with more and more power concentrated 
in the hands of Gen. Thieu and his few top advisors. In 1967, 
Truong Dinh Dzu, who ran against Thieu on a p ace ticket, 
was jailed immediately following the election. In 1971 Thieu 
refused to allow any other candidates at all in his one-man 
election which even his vice-president Nguyen Cao Ky called 
"rigged." And in 1972 the Thieu regime cancelled all local 
elections at the village and hamlet level. It is illegal in Saigon 
to advocate "peace" or "neutrality" (Decree No. 93 SL/CT) . 

The Thieu regime has instituted severe restrictions on the 
civil liberties of South Vietnamese citizens. Freedom of the 
press has virtually reased, with small opposition newspap rs 
forced to close because they are unable to pay astronomical 
guarantees against possible future fines for "t reasonous" 
articles, 

According to th Washington Post (2/18/73), "in the words 
of on of his own government officials, 'Thieu has not yet 
made the fundamental decision to change from war to 
peace.'" 

MYTH: The political prisoners In South Vietnam represent a 
clear threat to "nJtional security." 
FACT: Most of the over 200,000 prisoners held by the Thieu 
government arc ciVilians. Thieu has declared that these 
people are threats fo "national ecurity." In reality. they are 
threats to Thieu's continuation as head of state, not to the 
national d fens . According to the Washington Post 
(11/5/72), more than 40,000 civi lians - including many 
women and children - were arrested in the first week of 
October alone. 

The targets of these arrests are student, community, and 
Buddhist and Catholic leaders who have taken positions 
independent of Thieu. Last May , Thieu declared martial law, 
which according to critics, "the Thieu government has used 
to eliminate some of its non-Communist opponents" (Chris-
tian Science Monitor, 6/23/72). These are the people who 
would become the third or neutralist segment in the three-
part National Council of National Reconciliation and Con-
co rd as outlined in the Peace Agreement. Official American 
sources hav confirmed that "Thieu has ordered the arrest 
and 'neutralization' of thousands of people in the event that 

triton times 
Editor-in-Chie! ••••••••••.••• Camy Sharick 
City Editor ••••••••••••••..• Carrie Rickey 
Managing Editor ••..••• ••• David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor ••••.• , •.•• Debbie Montgom ry 
Business Manager •••••••••• Michael Greene 
Editorial Director •.•• , •••• ••••• Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ••••••••.••••••• Tom Lindberg 
Sports Editor • • • • . • • • • • • • • •• Michael Rath 
Photography Editor .: ••••••••••• Joe Eastern 
Secretary •••••••.••••••••• Corinne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor ,., ••••••• , Kathy Kuenzi 
Associate City Editors ••••••••• Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr •••••••••••• M ichael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial Dir. • ••••••••• Barbara Randall 
Asst. Sports Editor • • ••••••••• •• • Ma rk Liska 
The TRtTON TIMES is officially recognized u a student 
newspaper by the Communication Bo .. rd 01 the Univer-
sity of California, San Diego, Building 250, Matthews 
Campus, La Jolla, California 92037. Public .. tion is twice 
weekly on Tue d .. ys and Fridays. Offices are located In 
Room 117, BI .. ke Hall, Revelle Campus. For advertising 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial Of news 
phone X 1016. 

fun-stop 
I shopping 

Artiques, books, candles, fountains. lewelry, leather. macrame, 
paintings, pots-in fact, everything for the person who doesn 't 
hove everything. 3780 MiSSion Blvd. in old Mission Beach. Phone 
488·3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 am ta 9:00 pm- Fr •. 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm- Sol. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm - Sun. 11 :30 om to 5:30 pm, 

YABYUm 
• I 

ind of Peace? 
Campaign 
negotiations with Hanoi are successful ... The term 
ion' ca n mean anything from covert execution to 

of detention" (George MacArthur, Los Angeles 
12/13/72). 

President Thieu is defending the cease-fire against 
by the Provisional Revolutionary Government. 

claims that the PRG has violated the ceasefire 
4,000 t imes"; however, there has not been a 

in which a foreign journalist witnessed PRG forces 
a viola tion. A contrast ing repor t came on January 30 
rles Mohr of the New York Times. Saigon, he said, 

ively ignoring the cease-fire, and attempting to 
and territory lost before the cease-fire came into 

On February 7, CBS News did a feature story on a 
controlled by the PRG. The next day, CBS reported 
hamlet had been bombed by the Saigon Air Force 
occupied by Saigon troops. 

Kamm of the New York Times reported that 25,000 
ofliria lly cia ified as refugees who came from ar as 

11\ friendly to the Communists will not be allowed 
e. (New York Times, 2/19/73). 

is trying to "take over" South 

"Vietcong" is a Pentagon-created word for the 
Revolutionary Government of South Vietnam, 

the four signato ries of the Peace Agreement. When 
nd HOOPS were sent to Vietnam, Ambassador Lodge 
that " for years now in Southeast Asia the only 

who have been doing anything for the littl man - to 
up - have been the Communists" (New York Times, 

is recognized as a legitimate government by 31 
representing two-thirds of the world's population. 

ng take-over" ixon fears would come through 
election promised in the Peace Agreement; the 
frar of elections in 1954 led to eighteen years of 

Th!.' United States is obligated by treaty to continue 
he Thieu r gime. 

have never had a treaty commitment obligating 
Vietnamese people or to a South Vietnamese 

nl" (George Ball, Undersecretary of State, 6/29/65, 
Papers, Vol. IV, page 610). From 1946 until 1971, 

5 billion of American tax money was spent in South 
Thieu is co'ming to this country to ask for $3.1 

for the coming year. 
hal main tam d, contrary to the terms of the Paris 

that the Thieu administration is the "only 
government in South Vietnam" - all U.S, aid to 
nam is slated to remain in Thieu's control. This is 

~Ignificant in light of the military emphasis of the 
For example, the World Health Organization 

that 10% of the budget of developing nations 
t on health care in peace time. In contrast, South 

which has sustain d the most brutal bombing 
In the history of the world, has only nin doctors in 
count ry engaged in public health, and allocated 
of Its budget for health care in 1971, reduced from 

1968, (John Champlin , M.D., Children's Medical 
ntern,ltionai). 

rRITON TIMES encourages the USf' of its I'ditorial 
dS " forum for thl' University community. All 

lonl MU T include the name ,md ilddress of 
dlthough nam s will be withhpld on request. 

M"JS wil l be chol n by the Editorial d('partment 
,(> hJ'11 of their interest, importance, or entertain-
valli,. to the University commu ity. Pleas be as 

I'" JI po~sibl ; do not exreed 1000 words We 
V(' thl' rig ht to edit for space or libpi consid rati ons 

IPI'(ificd lly indirated olherwis('. 

MALE A-1 " . UNIQUE 

o o o '0 o o 

OUY KDVERS 
o 0 0 0 o 

.RATEN LOVE 'N' ITUFF 

STRATF OttD'IQ~AR~ 

1448 eo .... N ... 
1>tf ... td6. HOle 
'155-3557 

L8TT8ItS· T8 TI8 81"T81~ 
Confusion In 
The Minds of 
Those Who 
Speak For 
Sexual 
Freedom 
Editor: 

J.'r last letter displays 
vividly just how much con-
fusion about sex remains in 
the minds even of those 
who speak for s xual 
freedom. He states, " ... 
there is only one form of 
unnatural (consentual, 
adult) sex - that which is 
physically impOSSible." I 
agree in pan with this 
statement. Calling 
physically possible acts 'un-
natural' is simply a .trick by 
which moral judgments are 
smuggled into the natural 
order. But J. himself has 
done just this, by his 
qualification. I don't find 
forcible rape attractive, but 
by this criterion it's also 
natural. If J. wants to dis-
cuss values, let him do so 
openly, not under cover of 
statements about what's 
'natural.' 

morality. 
I don't advocate adult 

rape or seduction of 
children; thi s would be 
destructive. But I see no 
reason, other than th 
moral irrationalism so com-
mon among human b ings, 
why chi ldren should not b 
free to form any sexual 
relationships they please, 
with other children, adults, 
or even animals. All of this, 
of course, is even mor 
obviously true with 
adolescents, who ue 
alr('ady physically malUre 
Whatever the pretens ,the 
fart is that the American 
govprnment is solidly com-
mitlpd to Judaeo-Christian 
moral prpjudirps, and even 
most of the most liberal 
public figurl's on any level 
shar(' many of thes(' pre-
judices. The average 'rhild 
molestpr' or 'statutory 
rapist' IS in fact harmless, 
and the alleged victim 
generally pither welromes 
or is neutral about the ex-
perlencp. We all know 
about the exceptions; but, 
in fact, many of these in-
volve adults who come 
from strongly religious and 
sexually rpprpssivp 
backgrounds. And in the 

dent which resulted in the 
loss of the car and my 
hospitalization for 12 days. 
CSIS refused to pay; a 
clause in my policy stated 
any under-25 driver other 
than myself voided 
coverage (Mr. Kelley never 
told me of this and my 
policy had not yet arrived 
in the mail). Fortunately, 
Student Health Insurance 
paid nedrly all of my 
medical bills (nearly 
$3,000). Thf' car and con-
t('nts were a total write-off. 

The purpose of this 
Iptler. therefore, is to warn 
all studpnts about in-
sura nce sa lesmen and 

~ 

COMMU lTV 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. 51 reet 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tur.-Fri 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 
~ ~ -~ ~ 

other cases, the worst harm ,...------------..., 
IS usually done by parpnts, 
police, and ot~ ers insisting 
how awful thp exppripnce 
was. Also, many childrpn 
are made unable to protect 
themselves agall1st genuinf' 
sexual assault by the refusal 
of adults to 'rorrupt' them 
morall y with ~ex UJI 
knowledge. If authOritarian 
sexual morality vanished 
from the earth, therp 
would be far fewer 
children being attacked by 
frustrated adults, and far 
more growing up ex-
periencing sex as fun, 
friend I , and som times 
loving. 

L t J consider thiS. 
William H, Stoddard 

Beware of 
Insurance 
Policies 

University of 
California, 
Santa Cruz 

Sll1nllU'T 

Language 
lnstitulf 

Offers Intensive nine·week 
Programs in 

Beginning CHINESE 
Beginning and 

Intermediate 
Beginning 
Beg inni f1g 
Beginning 
Beginning 

GERMAN 
HEBREW 

JAPANESE 
RUSSIAN 

Beginning and 
Intermediate SPANISH 

June 25 - August 24, 1973 (nine weeks) 
Up to 15 quarter units 

Editor: University credit 
In the 3/13 issue "of the Oeadline May 15th 

IT, I SJW an advertiseml'nl Telephone : (408) 429-2952 
by CSIS for auto insurance. For information about tOIS 
In late August, 1972, I program write to 
bought insurance from Mr. 

policies, in particular CSIS. 
READ your policy! I! Check 
for anything which might 
void coverage. Many 
policies have the "under 
25" clause. Some also have 
clauses which void 
coverage if any changes are 
made to the car after the 
date of insuring (can be as 
ridiculous as new tires or 
paint). Be sur to heck the 
policy; don'l take the 
salesmiln's word for it -
after ali, he is not the one 
who dpcidp~ how much 
you get. 

BEWARE" 
Bob Stanley 

Milke jogging 
iuD IIDd ellsy. 
loggmg WIth a friend IS a (un 
way to exercise, and keeping 
in shape always ~eems easier 
with good company 
along So you don't 
want 10 give up even 
one day's run, and I 
certainly not s vNal days due 
10 your period 

Taking his stat ment as 
roncerning values, I would 
also criticize his limitation 
of sexual fr dom to 
adults. There is a common 
attitude that sex is 
something so dangerous 
and difficult that only 
adults can be trusted with 
it. But what dang r is 
there? Physi cally, the 
dangers are unwanted 
pregnancy, injury. and 
vener al dis ase. But 
pregnancy isn't that com-
mon in young children, 
regular (,xamination can 
detect and cure venereal 
disease, honest education 
can make th m aware of 
both and able to avoid 
them, and few children 
would consent to ngage 
in painful or damaging sex 
anyway. Mentally, sex is at 
most as dangerous as lov 
- and children face that 
danger anyway. Thp only 
thing sex can endag r is 
moral belie! of certain 
kinds. But should adults be 
able to force their own 
values on rhildren? J. and 
oth('r opponents of sexual 
au thoritaria n ism shou Id 
think about this question. 
Repression of homosex-
uality is all part of thp same 

Kelley and th rates and George M. Benigsen, 
coverage were reasonable. Coordinator That's why you should 

On Sept. 20, 1972, while Summer language Institute depend on the prot eel /On 01 
. package: fear of s x as a 

threat to compulsive 

on vacation In Montana University of California 
with my fiancee driving, we Santa Cruz, CA 95060 Tampax tampons. Because 
were Involved in an dCci· L-__________ ...l they're worn inlernally, you'll 

Special Student "Discounted" 
Auto Insurance 

For Qualitied Students 
- Compare these Low Rates -

Single Male 19 
20 
21 -24 

Single Female 19 
20 
21-24 

as low as 
141 Annual 
135 
102 
105 Annual 
96 
56 Annual 

Above Rates for $1.5,000/$30,000 Bodily Injury, $5,000 Property Damage 
Meeting Minimum Requirements By State of California 

SPECIAL NOTE - W. have low rates for single. over 25 & 
marri.d eayples - al.o parents - Financing Available 

Offered Exclusively in San Djego by Monte R. Kelley Insurance Agency 

leel completely comlortable 
When the tampen IS properlY' 
in place. YOll won't even know 
It'S there Andyou'llbelree 
to keep up wllh your Jogging 
Acllve lives demand reliabJe 
internal sanitary protection. 

_ ...... ' 1 So is it any wonder that more 
women in more countries 
around the world tum to 
Tampax tampcns? 

C.S.I.S. (OllEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE (j) Drive by or c_1I tod_y for _ quot_tion - Ph. 583-9393 
5090 College (corner College & Montezuma) 

'----------------------..:.--__________ ..J MA()I OHLY'Tt"' ''''UtNCOlI:l"'OlIJoIIonD, 'o\l"U ... .us. 
Page 7 Tuesday, April 3, 1973 Triton Times 



Dave Phillips 

Bred Smith, weter akllnatructor, teklng e turn on the .. elom COUrH In Mlulon Be,. 

Oh joy of joys, there will 
be no more plugs for the 
approaching softball 
season, and for a very good 
reason ... that wondrous 
time of year has finally 
arrived, and by this time 
next week a dozen or so 
games will have already 
been played. Yes folks, it is 
actually here, so throw 
down your books, hang up 
your raincoats, stash away 
your galloshes, and get on 
over to the gym Friday 
afternoon to sign up your 
softball teams, both men's 
and coed . 

Sail or Ski 

Aquatic Center N ow Open The season promises to be one of the finest yet, as 
a bunch of old geezers 
prepare to make one last 
rou nd at the pasttime they 
love so much, before 
graduation hands the reins 
over to a bunch of upstart 
youngsters. Believe it or 
not, those old familiar 
names such as DE ANZA, 
the ORCS, and YUBA CITY 
have but one quarter left 
before they become 
nothing but memories, and 
the old guys will be out 
there battling away to 
make their last season as 
good as the previous ones. 
Of course they ' ll have 
plenty of company from 
the rowdy Ramblers, the 
ub iqu itous Chokefakes , 

The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center is an inter-
c ollegiate student 
organized and funded 
recreational facility located 
at Santa Clara Point, Mis-
sion Bay. Its purpose is to 
provide aquatic oriented 
programs and equipment 
to all students of UCSD, 
SDSU, and USD. Faculty 
and staff are also en-
couraged to participate . 

The Aquat ic Center is 
designed to be a resource 
center for water oriented 

activ i tie~ and will assist 
students in every possible 
way. 

Programs offered in-
clude the Nautical Associa-
tion and classes in sailing 
and waterskiing. The 
Nautical Association fees 
are $3.00 per quarter, and 

entitles students to access 
of 50 sailboats ranging in 
length from eight-foot 
sabots to a 23-foot gaff-
rigged cat ketch, depen-
ding on proven abilities. 
Small boats are offered on 
first come first serve basis, 
while large'r boats are 
available by reservation. 
Sailing classes are as 
follows: basic $6.00; ad-
vanced $10.00; keel boat, 

Paula Novell, a atudent, gild" grecefully during recreetlonel akllng_ 

Tritons Drop Double 
The UCSD baseball team hards showed up to play 

came tog ,~ th er - but not Ame rica's fa vorite pa st-
by much - for an over- ti me . Th e si tuation was so 
the-weekpnd J 'pcrJte they considered 
do u blehe ad e r on the putt ing un iforms on the 
home fi e d against West- umpires, but th re were 
mont. O~"1r -t h e-weekend onl y two umpri e s and 
sp eci f inlly mea ns las t besides, they looked so 
Satu rday, ¥arch 30, and cute in what they were 
whe re were YO IJ last Satur- wearing already that the 
day? - p 'obably the same team decided against that 
place as the hot gloves of idea. They chose to go 
the baseball team - on a he a d wit h t h 
vaca ti on. It 's ex tre mely dif- doubleheader unde r the 
ficult for a UCSD team to cond ition tha t UCSD 
aggregate nou gh players players could b ca rr ied on 
for c omp e t itio n , and and off the field during the 
bas ball is no xc pion . s cond game. 
Th team was plagued by As the day wor on , the 
poor presenc - or more U CSD player s began 
a ptly , put - la c k of wondering wheth r their 
presence 8 5 a m r len die- afternoon froli <;s wer 

,. t " I " , c 
Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, April 3, 1973 

worth a sa c rifice of 
pressure vacation time? 
The answer to this perplex-
ing question will never be 
known , all hi story can 
re liably tell us is the final 
score s , 4-0, 8-0 , and 
UCSD's total added up to 
seven (which means they 
lost both gam s). 

The fir st game was 
marked by an outstanding 
performance on the part of 
the Westmont pitching 
staff, featuring the efforts 
of a certain Mr . 
Henspetter. He ably held 
the UCSD slugger s in 
ch ck allowing th m only 
zero runs, and as far as th 

Continued on Pi18e 9 

racing , and hobie cat in-
struction $15.00. Water 
skiing classes : basic and 
intermediate $10.00; ad-
vanced slalom (taught on 
slalom course) $15.00; plus 
trick and barefoot skiing at 
$10.00. 

To give the student the ' 
fullest possible opportunity 
to sign up for April and 
May classes, fees can be 
paid today at the Aquatic 
Center table, which is 
located at the east end of 
the gym . Or, the fees ma y 
be paid through next week 
at the center itsel f (phon e 
488-3642). 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 
serving Pizza, Ravioli, Sphaghetti 
Chicken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

(SlOO min. 50( delivery ct-larRel 

50¢ Off 
Any Pizza 

3304 University Dr. 
in University City 

at Regents Rd. 
Call 453-3177 

FREE DRAWING 
GREAT BOOKS 

of the 
WESTERN WORLD 

HOME LIBRARY 

Win A Complete 
S4 Volume Set 

of Famous Books 
Including 

The Syntopican 
Register April 3rd thru 6t~ 

Drawln. Aprlith 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

and a weird collection of 
varisty basketballers (who 
just might be one of the 
toughest teams around), 
not to mention such 
loonies as the Sphincters. 
An interesting new twist to 
men's softball will be that a 
batter will get only three 
balls and two strikes 
(Charlie Finley would be 
ecstatic, though Abner 
Doubleday is probably tur-
ning over in his grave). It is 
hoped that this will speed 
the games up enough to 
play nine innings. As for 
coed softball, well who 
cou ld say that there is no 
finer intramural sport? It 
just has to be another great 
season . 

Th is bri ngs us to the 
matter of the All-Cal Day to 
be held at Santa Barbara on 
the weekend of May 12-13. 
Once again, all of the 
sports at the All-Cal 
Tourney will be coed . If 
your softball team wants a . 
crack at participating in it, 
sign-ups will be right after 
the captain's meeting 
Friday afternoon. Games 
will start this weekend, so 
get your shirt together and 

continued on page 9 

George Bern ard Shaw's 

FINAL WEEk 
Here comes the bride ... 
there goes the groom. The 
nuptials are B near miss 
by mutual con sent. Fresh 
ideas and fascinating ch 
ters with all the fun and 
frenzy of any wedding. 

AT THE GLOBE 

INI>IANS 

e 

I M Softball.. continuedfromINBe8 You Can't Go Back - Or Can You? 
get your team ready. The 
tournament will be double 
elimination. And speaking 
of elimination, you 
probably won't see too ' 
many intentional walks in 
the tournament games,this 
year, because everybody 
will pitch to their own 
teams. This should get 
everybody back into the 
games and get rid of some 
of the tension and pressure 
(and put Compoz out of 
business). 

Other sports at the AII-
Cal Day will be volleyball, 
tennis, badminton, and 
inner-tu be water polo. 
Details concerning the 
qualifying tournaments for 
these sports should be 
available at the respective 
captain's meetings next 
week. One thing that is 
known already is that no 
current or former varsity or 
club players may par-
ticipate in that sport in the 
All-Cal Tournament. Sorry 
volleyballersl 

One last word about in-

tramural basketball ... the 
playoffs are finally over. It 
was an erratic Bottoms Up 
team that copped the title 
in spite of itself. Led by 
Bruth, Mike, Rick (don't 
call me squeaky), Rick 
Humphrey and Harvey this 
sometimes brilliant, 
sometimes terrible team 
socred a ho-hum victory 
over a very flat bunch of 
Mizer's Rejects . With Clain 
ice cold, it was only the 
antics of Darlin' Doug that 
gave the losers anything to 
smile about, and gave the 
fans anything resembling 
entertainment. 
Nevertheless, credit must 
be given to both teams as 
they proved to be the best 
of UCSG's leftovers after 
the top teams were 
eliminated from conten-
tion by the ineligibility of 
former varisty players. In all 
seriousness, though, the 
teams played hard and the 
winners are to be con-
gratulated. 
Congratulations, winners. 

A Spring Quarter course offered by 
University of California Extension, 
San Diego will deal with practical and 

psychologl~al issue~ facing adults 
who want to go back to school. 

"So You Want to Go Back to School 
- You Can Do Itl" will meet on 
Tuesdays, starting at 7 p.m. April 3 in 
Room 1330 of the Humanities and 
Social Sciences Building on the UCSD 
campus. 

There is a $26 fee for seven 
meetings, or $5 per individual ses-
sion. 

The first session, "The Adult 
Student", will be conducted by Dr. 
Murl Gibson, a counselor, and the 
former dean of guidance at San 
Diego Mesa College, who says age 

can be a decided asset to the learner. 
"Older students usually have good 

verbal abilities, their life experience is 
helpful to them, and, since they come 
back to school by choice, are more 
goal oriented," he says. 

Also, mature students are accepted 
well by younger students and often 
elected to represent them in various 
capacities on the campuses, Dr. Gib-
son points out. . 

Topics of the later class meetings 
are as follows: April 10, campus 
procedures and services available to 
students; April 17, interacting with 
younger students and the faculty ; 
April 24, implications for the 
student's family; May 1, taking tests 
and developing writing skills; May 8, 

math reading and study skills; May 
15, answering other questions. 

"In this course we will make every 
attempt to direct prospective 
students to schools which meet their 
needs, as well as proviQe information 
and support," explains Mrs. Marjorie 
Shaevitz of the Extension counseling 
staff. 

Mrs. Shaevitz advises that women 
who are not decided whether school , 
a new job or some voluntary activity 
is the right course of action might 
benefit from "Group Counseling for 
Women" , an Extension class meet ing 
Wednesday morn ings at UCSD or 
Thursday mornings in Carlsbad. 

Information on either course is 
available from the Extension office , 
453-2000, extension 2061 . 

Dang1 ing Conversations 
Six evenings devoted to the art of 

intelligent conversation, an art some 
say is vanishing, will be featured in a 
UCSD Extension program starting 
April 16. 

Refreshments will be served at the 
Monday series, to be held through 
May 21 in Room 1105 of the School of 
Medicine, UCSD. Programs begin at 7 
p.m. 

Triton Baseball ... 
As a way of making the evenings as 

informal as possible, Dr. V. Robert 
Allen, who will act as host for "A 
Colloquium on Custom , Fad, 
Superstition and Ritual in America", 
has planned it as a no-credit course, 
with no examinations or required 
papers. 

Dr. Allen, director of Student 
Health Services at the University, will 
lead off the series on American 
customs with a program titled 
" Deliver Us From Evil" when the class 
is visited April 16 by Willard Johnson, 
Jr. , Ph.D., Assistant Professor of 
Philosophy at California State Univer-
sity, Long Beach. 

Later conversations will be with an 
anthropologist, on customs surroun-
ding birth, marriage and death; a 
speech consultant, on chang ing styles 
in dress and speech; a nutritionist, on 
food and drink; a psychologist, on 
Ame rican humor ; and a d rama 
professor, on enterta inment. 

The colloquium is described in full, 
and all speakers are listed , in the 
Spring issue of Explore, Extension 's 
catalog. 

won-loss record goes, you 
can't do much better than 
that. Randy Miller, one of 
the UCSD pitching duo, 
pitched well for the first 
inning or so, but just didn't 
have it as Westmont finally 
found the range and hit the 
target for four big scores. 

The second game was 
mo re exciting, a little 
closer and a little less well 
played than the first game. 
II looked to be a squeaker 
as after five innings both 
pitchers had been bearing 
dow n and ne ither had 
allowed a run (that means 
the score was 0-0 sports 
fans). Steve Yockey , the 
other sta r m o u nd man 
from the Tr itons fa med 
duo, cou ldn ' t take th e 
pressure and allowe d two 
runs in the sixth . The good 
guys weren't down yet , 
though and came back for 
four scores, and into the 
seventh it was 4-2, UCSD. 
The Tritons di dn' t want the 
Wes tmont te am getting 
furstra ted and gave up two 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car. 
truck , camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans . Our "Automa· 
t ion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices. 
dealer discounts and 
ma rket va I ues of new 
a nd used cars . Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopp ing easy, faster 
a nd saves you money. 

University & State Emlplo·,..1S1 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St_ 297.1838 
5191 Collep Ave. 286-4210 

Continued from page 8 

runs in the seventh to 
make things even . At this 
point the home team 
decided it was time to "win 
it for the gipper" and 
pushed three over (that's 
three runs over the plate, 
just want you to get the old 
cobwebs out of the brain in 
time for baseball season) in 
the seventh bringing the , 
score to 7-4. We all know : 
that wasn 't the final score, 
no matter how much you 
wish it was, as Westmont 
scored four in the eighth 
and went home with fond 
me mories of the ir San 
Diego sojourn . 

"We just want people to come out 
for a series of entertaining as well as 
educational sessions," explains Dr. 
Allen, who describes himself as in-
terested in practically everything, and 
makes a hobby out of pred icting what 
the next fad _will be. 

The conversation between the two 
men will be about superstitions, 
magic, religion and medicine - in-
cluding fads in medicine such as 
homeopathy and mesmerism. 

The fee for six eve nings is $31 , o r $6 
for ind ivi dua l se ssi on s. Pre-
registrat ion is re q uested , so that 
arra nge ments can be made for the 
refreshments. 

For reg istration detai ls, telephone 
the Uni versi ty Extension office at 453-
2000, extension 2061. 

Research Unit To Be Established at Scripps 

The UCSD team didn ' t 
loo k go od , a team usually 
doesn't afte r losi ng two 
ga mes, but they weren't 
s uch bad pe rf orme rs 
e ith er. Ran Mill e r and 
Pete r Yockey continued in 
t h e roles as U CSD 's 
super ior pitching tande m. 
Both had pitched well fo r a 
time but couldn 't maintain 
th eir contro l. The man in 
th e ma sk had quite a 
workout as he caug ht th e 
entire double - header. 
Mike Zarate deserves con-
gratulations for a hard 
afternoon's work . Curt 
Jenkins also played well in 
the double header con-
tinuing in his usual season 
form . 

Plans for a new research 
un it, made possible by th e 
contribution of a La Jo lla 
family and co ncentra ting 
on direct invest igation of 
human diseases, were an-
nounced today by officia ls 
o f Sc ripp s Clin ic a n d 
Re se arc h Foun da t ion 
(SC&RF). 

member o f THE 
COM MIT TEE a 
phila n t h ro p ic g r oup 
organized in 1970 that has 
hosted two benefit dinner-
da nces for the Heart Am-
bula nce. 

Co m menti ng on the 
family's gi ft, Mr. Black said, 
" We hope that the clinical 
research center will prove 
a valuable new dimension 
for Scripp , already 
productive research 
prog rams. It is intended as 
a bridge between research 
and practice - a bridge we 
see as vital to the final goal 
of heal th." 

Accordin g to informa-
tion re leased th is mo rning, 
Mrs. Will iam H. Black and 
he r son an d daugh ter-in-
law - Mr . a n d Mr s. 
Willi am F. Black - have 
provide d fund s for the 
co nstructio n of a gene ra l 
cl ini cal research cent e r 
with in Sc r i pp s' n e w 
building. As d escribe d by Dr. 

Emphasizi ng the La Jolla Kee n ey, "T h e Bl ack 
medica l in st itution 's in - General Cl inica l Research 
debtedness to the Black Cente r" (GCRC) will be a 
family for its " generosity 12-bed, hDsp ital-li ke u nit, 
and foresight ," SC&RF ho using patients admitted 
president and director Ed- primarily for resea rch pur-

d L K M D Poses. The beds will be mun . eeney, .. , ' f ' 
described the new unit as a allocated to spe c , It 
"vital means of translating research programs by the 
what we're learning about center 's program director 

h I b after review and evaluation Th,' s debacle of dual disease in tea oratory to d the real and immediate by a special a visory COI71-
defeats drops the " mitteemadeupofSC&RF's 
deb,'I,' tated Tr,'tons record needs of human patients. f b The senior Mrs. Black senior staf mem ers . 
to 4-7 in overall competi- introduced the concept of Patients will be admitted to 
tion. They hope to improve mobile cardiac care locally, the center on a volunteer 
their record with a victory and sponsored establish- basis only. 
and a full team Tuesday ment of the La Jolla The ~ew unit, according 
against "a few good men", Emergency Heart Am- to th institution's director, 
the Ha~aii Mari~es. The bulance now opera red by represents an extension ~~~ h'~~: ~~I~.()() at the IL-Sc_r_iP_p_S_. _S_h_e _i_s _a_f_o_u_n_d_in_g __ a_n_d_f_o_rmalized application 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Aero" from Sports Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED .pRESCRIPTIONS RUED 

.eCONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2873 2,4-2874 
latest fashions 
in wire frames 

of SC&RF's belief that 
medical progress is 
enhanced by cooperation 
and interchange between 
research and practice . 
" The GCRC will bring 
together basic scientists, 
clinical researchers and 
physicians in direct 
collaborative efforts," Dr. 
Kenney said . "They will be 
working with patients in 
facilities designed 
specifically for this type of 
use." 

He also pointed to the 
concept of the clinical 
research center as a depar-
ture from the way in which 
practical medicine normal-
ly evolves. 

Traditionally, he noted, 
the process begins with a 
fact being established by a 
basic scientist using animal 
models of the human 
system . Th<\,l fact then 
beco mes part of another 
resea rch program - th is 
time involving human sub-
jects. Once the applicabil i-
ty of the origina l finding to 
the human si tuation has 
been co nf i rm e d and 
transla ted into a usab le 
for m, it is th e n inco r-
porated i n to th e 
fram ework of acce pte d 
practice. 

" Although th is is certain-
ly an oversi mplificat ion of 
the process involved," Dr. 

Kenney said, "the se-
quence of events often in-
volves not only a variety of 
researchers , but also a 
number of different in-
stitutions, and can extend 
over a considerable time 
period ." 

The GCRC, Scripps 
hopes, will help to 
"st reamline" the process. II I 
will allow the basic 
researcher to maintain hi s 
association with a specific 
study from beginning to 
end; and he will be able to 
accomplish this in a single 
institution . 

In the GCRC , the 
researcher will become 
part of a team of scientists 
and physicians working to 
apply their knowledge in 
studies of man himself. 

Dr. Keeney summarized 
the aim of the new 
research center as being 
"t o bring the fruits of 
research in our basic 
science laboratories to the 
level of clinical use as 
rapid ly and effectively as is 
safely pOSSible." 

Pl ans for the clinical 
research center an-
nounced today are part of 
Scripps' program to build a 
new $28 million facility on 
the Torrey Pines Mesa. 
Construction of the com-
plex is scheduled to begin 
la te this year. 

CAMPUS PROGRAM 
BOARD 

PRESENTS 

ROY RAISIN 
at noon 

Revelle Plaza 
4-4-73 

Page 9 Tuesday, April 3, 1973 Triton Times 
' .\I!! . , 1(11' ,' , ',' If'" 11,1 II ' \,,1, 



counei .men to register 
with thl: city elerk and to 
file an official record of 
their actions. Another "vic-
tory" is an ordinance for 
public funding of cam-
paigns in San Diego. 

Common Cause is 
currently lobbying 
natiOnally for the passage 
of the Equal Rights 
Amendment and release of 
part of the Highway Trust 
Fu nd for construction of 
rapid transit systems within 
cities. 

Aside from specific 
issues, Common Cause's 
major goal, according to 
Ms . Lees, has been to 
"make politicans more 
effective, responsible, and 
accountable." Mr. James 
pointed out that now the 
"sys tem is based on 
monied interests" which 
often cause a politician to 
" reciprocate obligations." 
He stated that ' Common 
Cause sees solutions in 
requirements that finan-
cing be made public. 

the senority system, and 
"power brokering." 

Ms . Pray stated that 
elected officials ate 
"caught in the system." 
Common Cause seeks, "by 
working within the 
system," to exert " lobbying 
pressures and influence" 
to make legislators more 
responsible. 

Common Cause 
represents only the in-
terests of its members . Ad-
mittedly under-
represented are minorities 
and the elderly, though 
Common Cause claims to 
have some in-put from 
minority organizations. Ms. 
Pray expressed a hope for 
special rates for both these 
groups. 

When asked to what 
people Common Cause 
appeals,the members in-
terviewed replied, various-
ly, "to the motivated ac-
tivists, not to the hard-
hatters or the 'Mid dle 
Americans,'" "to the highly 
intelligent, politically 
aware, influential and in-
volved," and to "everyone, 
regardless of political 
beliefs" and amount of ac-
tivism. 

I n order to encou rage 
student participation , the 
regular rate of fiteen 
dollarsler year has been 
lowere to seven dollars 

, 

for those under twenty-five 
years of age. 

Members stressed that 
the issues of Common 
Cause deal with changing 
the structure if 
governmental proceedure, 
and arf' not "glamorous" 
issues. Ms. Pray stated that 
the goals of Common 
Cause are the same as 
those of many other 
organizations, but, instead 
of "demanding immediate 
action," her organization is 
"working at the foun-
dations" to achieve 
change. Mr. James similari-
Iy said that by eliminating 
"structural difficulties, in 
the long run, change will 
follow." 

When asked about Com-
mon Cause 's role in 
reducing the American in-
volvement in Vietnam and 
the seeming impotence of 
Congress and public opi-
nion in influencing the 
president, Ms. Pray replied 
that Common Cause 
sought "to get Congress to 
use its power." Mr. James 
stressed that change will 
not be "an overnight 
phenomena", but is the 
"important and primary in-
terest of Common Cause. 

Those interested in 
. Common Cause can call 
459-0825 or come by the 
office at 6782 La lolla Blvd . 

Common Cause says, in a 
pamphlet, " The Shame of 
the States, " " We are 
seeking improved state 
laws - with increased en-
force ment - in the fields 
of confl id of interest, anti-
secrecry, lobbying regula-
tion, and ca mpaign 
finance ." They work to el -
liminate , for example , 
secret , closed meetings, 

UCSD CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 
presents 

COMMANDER CODY 
COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

And His Lost Planet Airman 
In concert 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Roy Raisin, opening act 
FRIDAY The 13th 

UCSD Gym 9:00 P.M. 
UCSD Students (with 1.0.) $2 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

General Admission $3 
Tickets on Sale: UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

Sat. 9 :3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

Tues.-Thurs. 12-5 
Friday 12-4 

Closed Monday Also at the door 

An important announcement to every 
student in the health professions: 

NEW SCHOLARSHIPS 
ARE AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY. 

THEY COVER TUITION AND 
RELATED COSTS AND PROVIDE AN 

ANNUAL INCOME OF $5,300 AS WELL. 

If a steady sala ry of $400 a on active duty (with extra 
month and I,a id-up tuition pay) for 45 days. N aturally , 
will help YOll continue your if your academic schedule 
professional training, the requires that you remain on 
scholarship just made pos- campus, you stay on campus 
s i b I e by th e U n i fl)!'mpri -and s till receive your active 

el'v ices He: Ith Professions duty pay. 
Revitalizati>n Act of 1972 Active duty requirements 
deserve yoU! C ose attention. are fair. Basically, you serve 
Becau e if y) are now in a one year as a com missioned 
medical, ostE'opathic, dental, officer for each year you've 
vet rinal'y, )()(liatry, 01' op- participated in the program , 
tometJ·y scheol, Ot· aI- work- with a two year minimum . 
ing toward a PhD in Clinical You may apply for a scholar-
Psychology, you may qualify. ship with eith r the Army, 

We make il a.~1J for 1/ou I I) Navy 01' A il' Force, and know 
(·omplete1Joltrllt'Udie.~ . You'l' that upon entering active 
commi sioned a~ an office!' a duty you'll have r an k and 

~oon as you en rth pro- duties in k eping with youI' 
gram, but r main in stud nt professional training. 
status until graduation. And, Th life' work you've cho-
dUI'ing each yeat· you will be sen foryourselfrequires long, 

Page 10 Triton Times !uesday, ~pril31 1973 

hard, expens ive training. 
Now we are in a position to 
give you some help. Mail in 
the coupon at your earliest 
conveniencefol' moredetailed 
information. 
r----------------, ~::"t I-u~ ... Sebol .... h'p. C·CN~] I 

U"'''~rul Cit,. TIOIIU 1LIII" I 
I d .. r, .. r", rt,,",ulon l ut the tollo wl n. I 
I"'::;; t'II"r Air "'orn I ~ Wetlll: .f]1olilflOlla t it: D n.enlal I V~t~r'ln." 0 Podiatry - I Othu I P\tuUII«'t11 I 
lI.m._---,,...,..-_,...,.,. ___ II 

fll~ .. 1! print) SoJf' s«. # _______ I 
I 
Addl'~I1 ________ I 

I rio. I 
I I I Slat. Zili I 
II ","THHf!(! a t II 1 8ch llol , 
I T ... ,..-tuaU In I 
I f Mu"th) f V""I I rntrr' 0' I 

I D.t~Hfhlrth (MIl"lh ) ,D.,.I f Yefld I 
I -Puetlatr,. nulaullabie In AII' Fof'tt' Procra"' , I L ________________ ~ 

Wilderness Stirrings 
"Stirrings in the Wilderness" is the 

title of a new course at UCSD and in 
Zion National Park, Utah, offered by 
UCSD EKtension. 

Class sessions in preparation for a field 
survey trip to the national park will be 
held on the campus at La lolla the 
weekend of April 6-7. The time of the 
first class meeting is 7 p.m. Friday (April 
6) in Room 1106, Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building, Muir Campus. 

The trip to Zion is scheduled for Easter 
Week, April 18-21 . Moderately 
strenuous trail hikes are planned. 

"Stirrings" will concern itself with the 
meaning of "wilderness", conflicts with 

public needs for recreation, and some 
provocative proposals for proteding OUr 
natural heritage. Key topics to be dis-
cussed include: wilderness purists and 
r.esort dilettantes; lessons from the In-
dians; campers, hippies, and forest 
rangers; public parks and private lives; 
multiple use and abuse of parks. Conser-
vation debates will be reviewed, in-
eluding the battles over Hetch Hetchy 
and Mineral King. 

Enrollment in the course is limited. 
Furhter information can be obtained by 
calling Special Programs at EKtension 
453-2000, extension 2073. ' 

Come to 
NCR 
San Diego 
opportunity 
If you can think creat ive ly in the realm of advanced data processing systems. we oller you 
opportunity to create an important place lor yourself in one of the world 's great com puter 
panies. Because of our across-the-board . world-Wide commitment in com puter systems. 
career Will be as secure as it is exciting . Your work will consist of challenging . non·defense 
signments aimed at improving business . linanclal. government and educational operations 
121 countries . In short. NCR offers you a rewarding today a certai n tomorrow. and a chance 
claim your fair share of the com puter future . To learn more. please reserve the date below 

thats 
as 
bright 
as you 
are 

Opportunity at 
B.S. and M.S. levels 
Important. continuing commercIal activity In : 

Software Programming 
Orig ination . design. development and 
implementation of complex software systems. 
development 01 original funct iona l design and 
processi ng techniques; deSign and 
Implementation of state-of-the-art data basel 
fil e management software and a large-scale 
on-line multi-programming executive design . 
flowcharting , coding and implementation of 
on-line executive software modules. For EE, 
Computer Science or Math graduates . 

On-campus 
Interviews 
Friday, Apr. 6 
To arrange an appomtment , contact the Ptacement 
Direc tor m the Occupat,onal Placement Of/,ce nOW 
/I you cannot schedule an apPOintment/or Ihe 
tntolVlew date . please send a resume to the IIm" e'SIIII 
Placement Directo, or to the address /,) low 

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION 
16550 W. Rernardo Dr .. San D,ego. Calli 92127 
An equ~1 OPPOrlunlty employer I male & t,male 

stfJT TO 
rJAH. 

CA~T 
FltJCI A 
uOB. 

CO(}{,.t7fJT 
R~!I A 
JOB. 

-mArs 
cro... 

JOltJl517 
'THf 
ARKlI. 

There you are, a $9.95 bill and 
$1.38 in your pocket. The merchant 
eyes you suspiciously: uh-oh, 
another no-cash kid. 

You smile to yourself as you 
whip out a Bank of America 
College Plan check (only $1 a 
month, no more than $9 a year, 
. and all the checks you can write!). 
He hesitates, he still doesn't know 
you. So you reach in your wallet 
and pull out your ace - your . 
Student BankAmericard~ 

The merchant relaxes, Thank 
. . you Sir, come agaIn. 
Your credit's established, 

thanks to BankArnericard and 
College Plan Checking - welcome 
company just about everywhere. 

BANKOFAMERICA HI 

Be known 
by the company 

you keep. 

Opinion 

AFT Council Sup-
ports Demand For 
Affirmative Action 
Investigation of 
Madrid Case 

On March 14, 1973, the following motion was un-
animously passed by the San Diego County AfT Coun-
cil which represents AFT locals at most of the schools 
and colleges in the county. 

The AfT Council of San Diego County 
wholeheartedly supports the action of our 
fraternal AFT Local 2034 at the University of 
Californ ia, San Diego, in demanding an im-
mediate investigation by that campus' Affir-
mative Action Committee into the proced ures 
followed in reach ing the decision to deny 
tenure to Professor Afluro Madrid of the 
literature Department . 

The AFT adion follows the UCSD admin istration 's 
recent denial of tenure to Dr. Madr id, who was 
recommended for tenure by the Spanish Section of the 
literature Department and by the literature Depart-
ment as a whole after he had received a tenure offer 
from the Universi ty of Min nesota . Despite the in-
sistence of the literature Department, strongly sup-
ported by Third College Provost, Joseph Watson, on 
the importance and uniqueness of Dr. Madrid 's con-
tribution to thi s university as a teacher, as an active 
participant in the development of Third College, as a 
nationally known expert in Chicano questions , and as 
an important member of the Chicano community at 
UCS D, Vice-Chancellor for Academic Affairs, Paul 
Saltman, decided against offering Dr. Madrid tenure 
here . 

The AFT Local 2034 at UCSD has joined MECHA in 
demanding an investigation by the Affirmative Action 
Committee of the procedures by which the administra-
tion reached its decision . The AFT is concerned by the 
fact that this decision seems in direct contradiction to 
the expressed affirmative action objectives of the 
University. The administrator's adion indicates that, 
not only does it not consider members of minority 
groups in terms of their specific fields of competence 
but its e mphasis on demanding publications dis-
courages participat ion of such members in the many 
concerns confront ing young Chicano (or Black or 
Women) students, faculty and community members. 

SUMMER IN 

BERIELI! 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • • 
• 
• 

• 
• • • 
• • 
• • 

Spend your summer vacat ion 
where it all started, pick ing up some 
credits or just groov ing on the cli -
mate, the people, the Bay, and the 
City (San Francisco). 

Cal offers two six·week sessions 
tor credit , beg inning June 19. 

We offer super·low·cost, cooed, 
co·op housing, owned and operated 
by students, for students. 

Room and board S140/session, 
if you share the work ; S200/session, 
if you don' t . 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

write 'or more inform.tion : 
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS' 
CD -OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION 
2424 RIDGE ROAD 
BERKELEY, CALIFORNIA 94709 

***send me more inform"tion*** • 
• NAME 

ADD R ESS 
• 

SCHOOL I 
Pag 11 Tuesday, April 3,1973 'friton Time 



announcements .. -----------------------------
CHESS ~LUB meets" tonight 
in the Revelle North dining 
hall at 1:.30. Everyone is wel-
come. Please bring your own 
boards and sets. (4/3) 
Muir Outing Club meeting to-
night at 8 in 20 1128. Back-
packing, kayaking and rock-
climbing trips planned. (4/3) 
ATTENTION BLACK STU-
DENTS!! The National Black 
Science Students Organiza-
tion will hold its first meeting 
this quarter tonight, Tuesday, 
at 6 pm In room 506 MC. 
Starting next Tuesday eve-
ning all meetings will be in 
room 1110 2C (Muir) . (4/3) 
A COURSE ON WOMEN for 
Spring Quarter including 
readings, lectures, and 
group projects . Tues . & 
Thurs . 4:00-5 :30 pm, HL 
1108. Register for this course 
by enrolling in anyone of 
these classes: General lit-
erature 190 (Susan Kirkpa-
trick); Sociology 190 (Gail 
Omvedt) ; Ph ilosophy 198 
(Helen Longinoj .' -Coor-
dinated by Women's libera-
tion Front. (4/3) 

wednesday 
ATTENTION ALL PEOPLE 
INTERESTED IN THE STU-
DENT LOBBY! There will be 
a mandatory meeting for all 
those annex folks and any-
one else Interested in at-
tending a state Wide annex 
directors meeting this com-
Ing weekend on Wed. at 5 
pm, 3rd floor of Tioga Hall. 
(4/3) 

Wednesday, April 4, Coast 
Apartments Commons 
Room, 7-9 pm. Graciuate 
Student Counc il meeting , 
Dean Roy Harvey Pearce, 
Provost John Stewart, Larry 
Dreyer, Director, Financial 
A ids , and Jean Fort , 
Fellowsh ip Advisor , will 
speak on the outlook for gra-
duate student financial aid in 
the next two-three years. 
(4/3) 

thursday 
The Triton Wargaming Soci-
ety meets every Thursday 
night in room Muir 2C-1 110. 
The room is ours from 6 on 
and we stay all night. All wel-
come to come and play 
games. (EI) 
A representative from PRU-
DENTIAL INSUR ANCE 
COMPANY will be on cam-' 

pus, Thurs" April 5, to talk 
with students interested in a 
sales career with Prudential. 
Come to Career-Education 
Planning Services, 6th Floor, 
Bldg. 20, to schedule your 
apPOintment. (4/3) 
UCSD Table TenniS Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p,m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

general 
American Field Service AA 
Returnees: Interested in or-
ganizing a returnee club on 
campus? Contact David Dar-
val , Argo 643. 453-3534 , 
(4/3) 
The Women's Liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1:30 every day, and 
people are welcome to drop 
by Rm , 4. 250 MC (ext. 
3006) . Also WLF has pot-
luck d inners on alternate 
·Weds. and Thurs, (Phone: 
459-7280) . All women Invit-
ed. (EI) 
Would all students who 
signed for Asian-American 
Studies Course 198 please 
call Jess Ouinsaat at 278-
5931 for the first week 's 
reading assignment. (4/3) 
ANNO UNCEMENT FOR 
PREMEDS. From now until 
mid-April sign-up sheets for 
small groups who want help 
In how to organize and stu-
dy for the MCA T will be 
posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Premed Office. 
Bring study materials to your 
group meeting. (4/6) 
The Chinese film "Hsi Shih" 
(Beauty of Beauties) - a fa-
mous histor ical ep isode 
about two states, Wu and 
Yueh . during the period of 
Spring and Autumn (400 
B.C.) - will be shown on 
SUNDAY. APRIL 15 at 2 pm 
in USB 2722, Everyone is in-
vited . The admission is free. 
The film showing is spon-
sored by the Chinese Stu-
dent ASSOCiation on campus. 
(4/13) 
ATTENTION ALL SURF-
ERS. The UCSD Surf Club is 
planning a surf trip to Mexi-
co where there Will be an in-
tercollegiate surfing contest 
between many southern Ca-
lif. colleges. This is a WISC 
sponsored event and any-
one who would like to come 
along to watch the contest is 
welcome. It all starts th is Sat. 
Apr. 7. 

Sat. will be the All Star 

contest and Sun. will be a 
free-for-all. Everyone who 
would like to come should 
come prepared and meet in 
the Urey Hall parking lot at 
either 6pm or 9pm Fri. night. 
The destination will be given 
then. For questions contact 
453-1 969. (4/6) 
Spring Quarter, Adapt ive 
Learning Program offers 
small groups as follows: 
Reading - M- W 10 a.m., 
M-W 11 a.m., Tu 10 a.m. 
Study Skills - Tu 11 a.m. & 
1 p.m. Notetaking - Th . 1 
p.m. Group begins Mon. 
Apr. 9, 1973, Conf rm 6086 
Muir 20 6th floor call 453-
2000 ext. 2401, Jackie 
McClinton. (4/6) 
Mr. Bruce Bertsch of NA-
TIONAL CASH REGISTER 
will be on campus Friday, 
Apr. 6, to talk with students 
with a BS or MS In Comput-
er Science who would be in-
terested in employment in 
Software Development. 
Come to Career-Education 
Plann ing Services, 6th Floor, 
Bldg. 20, Muir, to schedule 
your interview. (4/6) 
Rice & Curry Dinner - $1 .50 
- International Center , 
Matthews Campus, Apr. 6 
(Fri.) 6:30 P.M. International 
Club. (4/6) 
"If you are an undergradu-
ate interested in summer stu-
dy abroad , or for the 1973-
74 academic year, you might 
find it useful to check what 
programs are available 
through the Education 
Abroad Program Office at 
the International Center, te-
lephone No . Ext. 1941 . 
(Monday and Wednesday 
mornings only)." (4/10) 
Journalist I.F. Stone will be a 
University of California Re-
gents Professor for the per-
iod April 8 to May 5, and wil l 
give three literature semi-
nars and one public lecture 
(although the seminars are 
also open to the publ ic). The 
seminars will be given on 
Mondays, Apr. 16, 23, and 
30, all from 3-5 p.m. in the 
Formal Lounge, Revel le 
Commons Bldg ., Revelle. 
The seminars are titled 
"Journalism and History." 
The pubUc lecture will be 
held at 8 p.m., Wed. Apr. 18, 
In the HL Aud ., Revelle, and 
is titled "The Next Four 

·Years." (4/20) 
The Revelle Residence Hall 
Board needs two new stu-
dent members. Any stu -
dents interested in becom-

Ing a member should apply 
in the Revelle Resident 
Dean's office before April 

·12th. The board meets week-
ly to decide policy matters in 
the dormitories. (4/10) 

SEMINAR IN ENVIRON -
MENTAL STUDIES spon-
sored jointly by AMES/Che-
mical-Physics. Dr. Wayland 
Griffith, Lockheed Aircraft , 
Sunnyvale, California, will 
present two seminars on 
"Fluid Mechanics Problems 
in Air-pollution Control" Mon. 
Apr. 16, 1973, 1:00- 1:45 
p.m. and "Clean Power Gen-
eration" Mon. Apr. 16, 1973, 
3:00-3:45 P.M. Room 7104, 
Urey Hall. (4/3) 
Commander Cody and His 
Lost Planet Airmen, a dis-
tinctive group that plays rock 
and roll, blues, and country 
& western, will be presented 
in concert in the UCSD Gym 
at 8:30 p.m., Friday, Apri l 13. 
Tickets are $3 for general ad-
misslonand $2 for UCSD stu-
dents with 10. Sponsored by 
the Campus Programming 
Board at UCSD. (4/6) 
AMES Film Series presents a 
film titled , " Pressure Fields 
and Fluid Accelera tion" 
(Fluid Mechanics Film), 30 
min. on Apr. 13, in room 
USB 2622 at 12. These films 
are open to the UCSD Com-
munity. (4/13) 
Exhibition of crafts - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels. cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
stained-glass sculpture -
wi ll be on display in the Cen-
tra l University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi-
b iti on is by the All i ed 
Craftsmmen of San Diego in 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27) 
Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display in the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nities-Llbraary Bldg ., Re-
velle College, through April. 
The exhibition has been co-
ordinated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4/27) 
Sunday, April 8, 8:30 p.m. 
The Project for Music Ex-
periment will show films and 
Monday, April 9, 8:30 p.m. 
by Manupelli in the Music . 
Gallery, 408 Matthews Cam-
pus. (4/6) 
Fri., Apr. 6, 8:30 p.m. -
Concert of Balinese Music 
and Dance, Music Gallery, 

408 Matthews Campus. (4/6) 
Saturday, April 7, 8 :30 p.m. 
- A Shadow Play will be 
presented in the Music Gal-
lery, 408 Matthews Campus, 
(4/6) 
Sunday, April 8, 3 p.m. -
The San Diego Chamber 
Orchestra will give a concert 
in the Recital Hall, 409 
Matthews Campus. (4/6) 
Auditions for the UCSD Dra-
ma Club second annual one-
act repertory theatre will be 
held this Sun, Apr. 8 from 
12:00-3 :00 , 5 one-act plays 
will be done this year In-
cluding, "Next", " Botticelll", 
"Bringing It All Back Home", 
"Jack or The Submission", 
and "The Loveliest After-
noon of The YEAR#" Tech 
crews of all sorts I as well as 
actors, are needed for these 
productions. A list of parts In 
these shows can be found on 
the bulletin board of the 
UCSD Theatre, For more In-
formation, or If unable to 

. BEGINNING CERAMICS 

attend at noon on Sunday, 
contact Larry at 453-9045. 
(4/6) 
Margalit Oved, dancer, com~ 
poser, choreographer, will 
be teaching a Master Class in 
Modern and Ethnic Dance 
Saturday, Apr. 7. The class 
will be held from 4-6 pm In 
the Gym and will be free to 
UCSD students, faculty, and 
staff. (4/6) 
The Student Center at Uni-
versity liltheran Church Oust 
west of the Revelle parking 
lot) is open all day to every-
one. For more info call : 453-
0561 or 459-8855 (4/3) 
PRE-MEDS: On Saturday, 
Apr. 7, at 10 a .m. there will 
be an orientation meeting for 
new and returning pre-med 
volunteers at the V.A. Hos-
pital. If you are planning to 
volunteer this quarter, you 
should attend . There will be a 
guest speaker. Meet at the 
V.A., Conference Room A at 
10:00 a.m. Refreshments will 
be served . (4/6) 

Monday 9 a.m. to 12 noon Bill Obershulte 
Bill Obershulte 
John Annaloro 
John Annaloro 
Linda Fuchs 
Bob Hodges 

Monday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Tuesday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Wednesday 1 p.m, to 4 p.m, 
Thursday 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
Thursday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
INTERMEDIATE CERAMICS 
Monday 7 p.m, to 10 p.m. 
Tuesday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m, 
Wednesday 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
ADVANCED CERAMICS 
Tuesday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. 
Wednesday 7 p.m. to 1 D p.m. 
INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN 
CERAMICS TBA 
CREATIVE COPPER ENAMELING 

Bill Obershulte 
John Annaloro 
John Annaloro 

John Annaloro 
John Annaloro 

John Annaloro 

Tuesday 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Michael Monford 
Wednesday 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Michael Monford 
INTRODUCTION TO CONTEMPORARY JEWELRY 
Tuesday 9 a.m. to 12 noon Ron Carlson 
Tuesday 1 p.m, to 5 p.m. Ron Carlson 
Thursday 6 p.m, to 9 p.m. Ron Carlson 
INTERMEDIATE AND ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY 
Monday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. Rex. Heitmann 
BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY 
Monday. 2 p.m, to 5 p.m. Rex Heitmann 
Hand-Building: The Un·Machine Approach to Clay 
Wednesday 9 a.m. to 12 noon Ava Ciliberi 
Glazes: Application, Calculation, And Formulation 
Tuesday 6 p,m. to 9 p.m. Earle Freeman 

(4/3) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~ents ~r ourselves·--~~-
services 

Income 18)( serVice Discount for 
sludents. slaH or laculty 755·8228 
al er 2 (4113) 

RUSSIAN LANGUAGE SERVICES 
Oral translation of SCientifiC material 
Russ'an typIng Bruce Condra, 453-
5346 (4/6) 
TYPIST E.p Theses. Reports Misc 
16M Selectroc 5O¢ pg Call Bee Lynch 

753· 7356 (4/13) 
FRENCI-' TUTORING by lormer BerltlZ 
leacher 'rom France 55 hour Call 
Eltsabelt 755·6022 (4/3) 
OUTST ~ "lOIN TYPING servIce IBM 
Se1eclroc il From 75¢ per page B 
Condra 45 5346 (4/3) 

E.pert 1/PI~g - 5 yrs experoence on 
ali type' 01 papers Fas servIce E,· 
eel 'ent c a"'",", end soe~on 504/pg. 
Cla,rem nl area IBM SelfIClroc y,l 
Marolyn 11 565 ·7060 (413) 

ALASK ,. rade rode (only) 10 Faor · 
ban'S I" 54 hrs herd work on my 
e,perom ,nl'l 109 cabIn communIty 
near Ih 'e plus help drove 4 car. Iv 
Apr 15 10 2·3 w> camp lrop Law· 
abiding ,0Mmo,ers prelerred PelS 6 
chlldr n OK Wflle Donn HopkIns 
t 070 Br'ghlOfl, EI Cenlro C. 92243 
(4/3) 

HELIX EMPLOYMENT 
AQENCY 

Lo .. I no deposIt 
TIme paymen • no In retl 
Permanenl and I mporory 

petItionS ..... ,I.b 
2560 For I Ave 

San Olegl) 
Te phone 2 56121 

(4/3) 

lost and found 
Los!: Itghl green coal w/ golden but· 
Ions Ph. 488-9171 (4/3) 

personal 
Whoever slole my 2 hangong planls 
Irom 0319, I hope you lall down 0 
Iltghl 01 slaors and break your neck 
(4/31 

Happy Birthday Mendell (4/3) 

housing 
Fem. rmle wonled. house. Solana 
Beach, own rm, yard, 78/mo + UtI I 
755 6918 (4/6) 
555 Sp Ouart r 10111 Iv share room 
w·th Med Slu pro enlr balh relrog 
Across Irom ocean 454 ·1 946 (416) 

Super manslon·by·lhe·sea LJ Incd yd 
exlra5 share $300 thru sumr 1·2 grvy 
people 459-8595 (413) 

I need to sublease a SIngle dorm room 
on Muor lor sprong Please call Suzy. 
273·5049 (4/3) 

1 gIrt needed to shera 3 bdrm beaul 
apl In P 6 Young people In bldg Joan 
274 4655 (413) 

FOR RENT 1 bedroom In large. loose 
Oel Mar House 5SO/mo <All Lou 755· 
7539 (413) 
Room lor renl I Del Mar house 150 
yd Irom Ih" ach $a5/mo + utll 
Jell 7558697 ,(413) 

Page 12 Triton Tim sTu sday, April 3, 1973 

Need quiel lem to share lurn. apt. 
Own bdrm and balhrm. 557/ mo Incl. 
Utll. Helen 273-8367 (413) 
1 male 10 share 2 br apt in 0 M Many 
exlra5 one tennos crts. pool, and Irplce. 
Dan 755-9439 ali 5pm (413) 
Oel Mar IS super In sprongl o .. n room In 
a lurn house, see 10 beltevel 550/mo 
755·6532 ali 5 (413) 
Fem rmle needed M OUse In Del 
Mar spnng quar cr 755-8697 ail 5 
(4/3) 

travel 
EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA 
Sludenl IIIOhls Camping loura Inter· 
European student chaner IlIghts In· 
cludlng MIddle Easl and Far East 
Contact. ISeA, 11687 San V,ncenle 
Blvd No 4 L A , Calol 90049 Tel ' 
(213) 826·5669, 826·0955 (6/8) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club leesl 50 Oeparlures, also NYC. 
Japan 6 Australia Youth Fares, 100 
S,nce 1959 ISTC, 323 N Beverly Dr , 
Beverly HIlls, Ca 90210, (213) 275· 
8180 (5/29) 

10TH ANN UAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE Irom 5239 round -Irlp 
JAPAN Irom $359 round ·!rlP NEW 
YORK Ap,,1 14·22. $172 roun<Hrlp 
Call. Flight Chaorman 583-1297, 4246 
Overland Ave. Depi A. Culver CIty 
90230 (413) 

EUROPE, ISRUL a JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND SKI 6 CAMPING TOURS 
A.I.S.T., 143 S LA CIENFGA BLVD . 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90035 (2 13) 852 
2727 (6/1) 

"KNOW LEBANON" Special Student 
program m l- educal l onal ml -
touroslique. 14 days lor $90.00 In· 
cludes lodging, slghlSeelng. elc. Spon-
sored by Lebanese Ministry 01 
Tourosme. Applications al: any MIddle 
Easl Airlines olltce 01 Europeland. 
3345 P.O Box CB Irvine, <AI. Alrtare 
nol Included Slop-over OK In Europe 
No phone calls only by mall (4/3) 

EUROPELAND . presenls Camel 
rodlng In TUniSIa 7 days lor $120,00 a/l 
Included CrUISIng on Ihe Nile, as low 
as 53SOOO Irom London 10 Caoro 
round lrop plus 15 days all Included 
CruIsing along the Coast 01 Alroca by 
way 01 MarseIlles, Algiers. Casablanca, 
AbIdjan, Douala, Port-Genill , etc. 
Appllcallons at· Europeland , 3345 
Newport Blvd Newport BeaCh, Calli 
92660 No phone calls. all IS h8ndled 
by mall only (413) 

wanted 
Student pholographers - UC San 
DIego, Ihe new general Inleresl 
monthly, would like 10 consider your 
pholO lor publication Campus av nts, 
scenes, people We're 100eresied in Ihe 
excellenl and Ihe unusual You'lI 9 I 
paymenl and photo credIt II we can use 
your ahol Call 1383 lor d lalls (416) 

Wanted a 1968 Volvo In good condl· 
tlon <All Rick al 453·5294 6 leave 
number (416) 
Wanted Inlo on reasonabl. Ig I 
bdrm or 2 bdrm dwelling Ihat Will be 
avall.ble to rent som.llme In the 
monlh.ol May·July P ale call Clair , 
4538233 (4/3) 

Wanled Immadlltely • peraon to 
transcrobe <All 459 540 I . I k lor 
Anne 

Wanled : Cell Biology by da Robert ... 
5th ed . Chris ' 755·6542 (4/3) 
Help. Male studenl desIres brlel plalo-
nic marriage lor legall aconomlc rea-
sons. Femalas only. 453-5363 Iv 
message (or Marc. (413) 
Handicapped man (mostly sell -help) 
needs roommate by Aprol 10 $85/ mo 
Dave Greene 296·9618 (4/3) 

POETRY WANTED 
for Poelty Anlhology Please send 
poetry with stamped relUrn envelope 
10 Contemporary Lilerature Press, 311 
Caillornla S!r8eI, Suite 412. San Fran-
CISCO. Calilornia 94104 (4124) 

for lale 
NORTON 750, cherry cond, oil cooler. 
burg alarm, much morel FASTI $1000. 
call Lee. 272-6203 (4/6) 
UTILITY TRAILER. Allsl8la. 2 wheel 
$60 Bob, X 1454 day. 453·0232, nlghl 
(4/3) 
CLASSICAL GUITAR lor sal New In 
'72. Excellenl lone, action, quality 
Mak oHer Gandhi MacWong, 453-
5346 (416) 
Beal Ihe high cost 01 RENT 'SS VW 
Bus. Excel Camper Inl Runs Good. 
$425. Jason. 453·5153 (416) 
Flule $100 Good condItion John 
453-6208 (4/3) 
For sale. Ne .. 1971 Flat 124 coupe. 
Excellent condlloon. eell oller 453-
5423 (416) 
Uke new Schw,nn Var,lty to·speed 
$80 wah lOck & cable. Bnan 459·009 
81t. a 30 pm (413) 
Lalayen LeST Sierao .mp xlnt 85 W 
570n Car revelb $5 Obi bed $10 
GUllar $tO 488·9903 (./3) 

IBrand New Factory 8 Track Tapes and 
Cessettes. Rock. CoUnlry, and Folk 
music. Only $2.99 Wet. 274-0429, 

1(4/3) . 
'67 CorMa GT, rblt. eng , Irnl KONIS , 
rear GABRIIELS. nu 2 bbl. HOLLEY, 
lots more, bet. 9am 273·2538 (./3) 

, 

Karman Ghia lor sale 1963 vary good 
cond 223·8987 evenIngs 5 10 7 (413) 

, 1960 Corvaor 5200 Good condllion 
' Olrls 10' speed Raleigh 570 Queen 
.,ze walerbed W/ Irame 525. Calhryn 
755·7539 (413) 
1 pr SWISS mountain climbing boots, 

:new Mark 755-7B67 (4/3) 
61 Dodge Sla Wgn. Runs well. needs 
benery $125 211 Acacia, 755-3949. 
(413) 
'72 Yamaha 250 Enduro Pertect2.000 
mi. $600 Phil 753-4362 eva. (4/3 ) 

. 

12 almosl new 14 inch Ilres 520 or beSI ofter 755·3025 alt 5;00 (4/3) 
Beethoven compo plano music. 20 

• stereo records. paid $20. eell II $15, 
never used. Julia 453·6557 (413) 
Peugeol PX- l0 exc. condo all alloy 
bIke Many extras, some Campy parts 
and spares Greg 453·5155 (4/3) 

Snortln' Nortln '71 750 W,lh 011 cool -
er. new lores. new chain Buill lor lour-
Ing. MIke 453-6206 (4/3) 

Horse nrey Mar 7 Yra '" Ar blln 
Oood Hunterl Jumper/ TreU SS50 or 
best oHar at La Jolla Village Far",.. 
Laurie 453·2683 (413) 
HONDA 4SO. '71 .xc cond 56SO 

_LOTUS ELAN conv . blue bast ofter 
453·SS44 (413) 
'61 bugeyl Spro Herb 453-0593 

' (413) 


