
Inside Today's Times: Joan on Voss 
Arts Galore 

1973 

Election Epilog: Why The Polls Were Off-Cal11pus 
Stud nt apathy and a lack of com-

munication betw en the R gistrar of Voters 
Office and the University ar to blame for 
the lack of on- ampu polls in the 
Novemb r 6 ele tion . 

According to the Assistant Registrar of 
Voters, Mr. D nny, lack of student interest 
in local elections, "problems getting polling 
places on-campus", and an unfortunate 
mixup in the recru itment of tudent 
volunteers to man th polls forced the 
Registrar of Voters to sh ift polling places for 
U.C.S .D. student voters to off-campus 
10 ations . Speaking for the Registrar of 
Voters, he insisted, "We want to see a high 
voter turnout; we-would love to have polls 
on campus." 

H categorically denied charges that 
there had been any politi ca l motivation 
behind th shift in polling lo cations, or any 
attempt to lower the voter tumout on the 
part of his office. 

Concerned U.C.S.D . students had made 
such charges following in itially confusing 
and contradictory statements from the 
Registrar of Voters Office concerning the 
shift . 

Denny berated students for their general 
apathy concerning elections, particuliarly 
local elections. He noted that in last June's 

(posted in Augu t) a kin g for students to 
help run th polls w r een only by umm r 
stud nts, who live off-campu and ar 
ineligibl to work in on-campus polls. The 
law r quires that work rs at a poll live in 
that poll'~ precin t , so student volunteers 
must b r gistered (on-campus) voters. 
B ause the law also require that the cycle 
of setting up polls begin 90 day before the 
election, they must be signed up to work 
three months prior to election day. 

What is needed, then, is a guaranteed 
polling location on-campus, and a list of 
tudents willing to work at the polls. The 

responsibility now rests on the students and 
on the University . 

Initially, many students saw the shift to 
off-campus polls as the resu It of manuvering 
by the Registrar of Voters of Voters Office to 
lower the student voting turnout, and as an 
infringement upon their legal rights . 
Confusing and contradictory statements 
from various bureaucrats, meant to clarify 
their position, managed only to distort and 
confuse it even more . 

Apparently, however, the confusion 
resulted from a lack of communication, 
both within the Registrar of Voters Office 
and between that office and the University, 
not from any attempts at deception. 

primary election polls located at the At any rate, one student, aft r getting an 
Commons of Revell and Mu ir drew only 56 explanation of the Registrar of Vot r ' story 
and 54 voters respectively . Mrs. Davies, also in great detail , still fe It that she "didn't 
at the Registrar of Voters, claims that only really get a atisfa tory answ r, just a 
75 students voted on-campus in the complete runaround ." ome people in 
November 1972 Presidential election. government m to have a r dibility 

Mr. Denny also cited an incid nt during problem ev n when th y'r tiling the t.r~th . 
th September 18 primary election, in which At U.C.S.D. th on. n u ?f opinion 
a student group jected lection worker m to b ~hat ev ryth Ing po Ibl hOlfld 
from their poll at 7 p.m . (an hour arly) in'b done to In ure . that there ar polls on 
orderto hold a regularly scheduled meeting campus next IOOlon day. 
there. . Muir Dean Jim B kley i "anxiou 

How ver, he laimed, if a pia on- ooperat with the R gistrar of . Vot r in 
campus is res rved for use as a polling finding a 10 ation for a poll on- ampu ." H 
pia e, and if student volunteer an be was very di turbed by th R gi trar of 
found to man the poll, there will be an on- Vot r ' hift of polling 10 ation , and h 
ampu poll fOl the next el ction . in nd to indi at to San Di go R i tr r f 

Part of the mixup in the November Vot r harl ton th admini trativ 
I tion came about b ause buNetin d ir to have polls on-c;,mpu . 

A i tant Chan ellor David Ryer promi d 'R glstrar of Voter Offi to contact at 
that " w 'II do very thin g we can" to get U C D to arrange the deta tis of ettmg up 
poll back on th campu He noted that th polls 
there ar numerous opportunitie for othlng but tud nt apathy can keep the 
confusion in any bureaucracy, and polls off- ampus , according to the Regi trar 
sugge ted that there be omeone for the of Voters and the U C D admlni tratlon 

Unreliability? 

Coast Cruiser Hassles 
Since Fall QU3rter began 

there have been a multitud 
of problems which have 
greatly effected the 
reliability of the coast 

schedule. 
The new 

In-



All Time High 
at UC 

Enrollment at the Un iversity of California has reached 
118,909 students according to final Fall registration 
figures released today (Oct. 25) . The University-wide 
total represents an increase of 5,646 students over last 
year's enrollment of 113,263. 

The 118,909 student enrollment on the nine UC 
campuses exceeds the University' s anticipated 
enrollment of 115,972 by 2,937 students, of which 1,700 
are new undergraduates. According to University-wide 
Director of Admissions Lyle Cainsley, the increase of 
new undergraduates over the number exoected reflects 
the University's efforts to maximize the accommodation 
of new students at their campus of first choice. 

Presenting the 
Back Ache 

"Oh, My Aching Back" is the narne of a one-day 
program to be presented by UCSD Extension Saturday, 
Nov. 24. I n the course of a few hours any interested 
person can learn how physicians, psychologists and 
acupuncturists view origins and treatments of a variety 
of back troubles. 

Dr. F. Bruce Kimball , a UCSD School of Medicine 
associate clinical professor of surgery/orthopedics, will 
lead the short course, which meets from 9 a.m . to 3 :30 
p.m . in Room 2100 of the Basic Science Building at the 
medical school. 

He says the primary focus will be on the kind of 
backache a person has had for a long time, usually in 
the lower back region . 

Registration fee for the Extension program is $11 per 
person. For enrollment in formation, please telephone 
453-2000 extension 2061 . 

Minorities Deadline 
at Western State 

Kenneth Lowe, Ad min istrator at Western State 
University College of Law at San Diego, recently an-
nounced that the school will be accepting applications 
to its minorities program for the Spring 1974 semester 
until December 1. 1973 . 

Western State's Special Minorities Program consists 
of financial assistance, admissions counseling, program 
evaluation and tutorial aid . 

To qualify for the Special Minorities Program, a 
student must have at least sixty acceptable semester 
college credits or be at least 23 years of age and suc-
cessfully complete the Law School Admission Test. 

WSU is an approved institution for federally insu I '~ d 
student loans and is fu fly authorized as a degree 
granting institution by the California Department of 
Education. 

The downtown Un iversity offers day and evenin g 
classes leading the B.S.L., Ll.B., and J.D. degrees. The 
San Diego campus is located at 1333 Front Street 
(tele lr>hone number 232-(506). Students interested in 
apply ing for the Special Minorities Program should 
conla c Kenneth Lowe, Administrator, prior to 

Dece1'l~er 1. 1973. 

Eat a Turkey 
Fo' Qver 200 students at UCSD, Thanksgiving will not 

bea irre of turkey, friends and cranberry. According to 
Mar, ~ates, Revelle R sident Dean, "usually at least 200 
stud,'n stay in the donms on Thanksgiving day ." 

To h Ip thest students, the R velie Resident Dean's 
offic is setti ng up an exchange program to give these 
students a Thanksgiving dinner at home. 

Under th program, families that wish to hare their 
din ner With one of th e stud nts can ca ll up the Dea n's 
offi e and get in touch with a student. Similarly , 
students who, due to distance or mon y, can't be at 
hom with th ir famil i s can ca ll th office and g t in 
tou h with a family 

Th Revelle Resid nt Dean's office tel phon numb r 
is 451·2000 Fx191S 

TT Opinion Poll 

'They Like 
Mint Juleps' 

It was out of Our 
Responsibility to Inform 
that the Triton Times went 
to the people last Wed-
nesday with one of the 
great questions of the 
decade: Why do flying 
saucers only go to the 
South? 

Indeed: 
The one confirmed, 

substantiated contact with 
real flying saucer guys was 
in Mississippi. 

Thirty-seven thousand 
people saw a blueish-green 
thing over a football 
stadium in Kentucky. 

And what about the La 
Jolla sightings? La Jolla is a 
respectable, wea It hy 
community. These people 
could not all be bonkers . 

Therefore , sensing an 
issue over which there 
would be great emotional 
outpourings, through which 
people could di~cuss all that 
mystified and terrified 
them, we contacted a large 
number of UCSD students, 
completely at random , and 
put to them The Questio n. 

And please do not te II us 
this is not an important 
issue. Do not tell us people 
don't care, or don't believe. 
Because in fact, one Revelle 
student was so terrified, so 
threatened even at the 
mention of flying saucers, 
that he hung up on our 
questioner as soon as he 
heard The Question. (Come 
in to the Triton Times 
office, poor soul. Lie 
you rself down on our lu mpy 
blue couch. We' ll help 
you .) 

Of course, the political 
implications of The 
Question are awesome . 
Why this blatant 
discrimination against The 
North? (It's true-When was 
the last time you heard 
about a UFO in Bangor, 
Maine? Or even Nome, 
Alaska? Huh? They just 
don't go to those places.) 
Or is it that they plan to 
take over the South, and kill 
all the people from there? 
Horrible thoughts, - these . 

So, the resu Its of the first 
Triton Times survey . 

.... 

Several people im-
mediately concluded that 
the answer to The Question 
was political in nature. A 
Reve lle student, who 
r e lu c tantly identified 
herself as Debbie, tied the 
flying saucers to the 
decaying Presi dency . 
"Nixon sent 'em, " she said . 
"The flying sau ers have a 
secret pact with him .-

But how can you know 
that for sure? we asked . 

By John Taylor 

"There're a lot of things 
we aren't sure of about 
Richard Nixon." 

Another girl felt they 
went south "to get as far 
away from Nixon as they 
can ." They must not know 
about Key Biscayne, then . 
Maybe the Washington Post 
doesn't deliver that far out. 
With the paper shortage 
and all . 

An Muir person said the 
flying saucers were either 
from another galaxy or the 
John Birch Society. The 
logic here, he felt, was 
inescapable. He added, " I 
never read your crummy 
paper." 

Or is it just pia in 
discrimination? Th is 
conversation, with a subject 
obviously in the pro per 
con dition to answer a 
question like The Question, 
leads us to believe so : 

"They like to pick on 
Californians." 

Californians? 
"And Oakies ." 
What's wrong with' 

Oakies? 
"They're pickers." 
Cotton pickers? 
" No ." Although this 

person quickly identified 
herself, we will allow her 
her privacy. 

The second mos 
common kind of answer 
Ciime from the scientific 
types. Kathy Hubert said 
flying saucers like swamp 
a ir. Karen Hackett com-
mented: 

"They go to the South 
because birds fly south ." 

Does that mean fly in g 
saucers are birds? 

"No. It means they're like 
birds." Birdlike qualities, 
then, are universal. 

Three subjects told us, 
"They go south because 
gr;lvity pulls them there :" 
Bill (he would n't tell us th e 
rest) said that flying saucer-
creatures, who are used to 
the cold, noxou s a t-
mosphere of 
Venus,naturally choose the 
warm South. Thanks, Bill . 

And of course, there was 
the obvious explanation of 
the iron deposits and 
magnetic fields they have in 
the South . 

Then, the Spiritualists : 
"The people in the south 

are receptive to those sorts 
of vibrations from other 
planets ." 

" It seems strange to me, 
too." 

The Humanists : 
"T hey don't like people ." 
The Degenerates : 
"T hat's where the action 

continued on page 3 

Book Review 

Voss 
by Joan Carwood 

Through television it is possible to discover the 
coerc ive professor who exorts the peasants to come up 
and buy his wonder work in g pills and elixers. Whatever 
their disease, he has a name and a cure; and if one 
hangs back in disbelief he produces a few human 
testimonies and speaks so well and quickly that soon 
even the doubters rush forward to purchase the magic 
potion . 

Literary criticism in all its omniscent glory often 
appears to complement these gabbling boluses . Still , 
there have been occasions when I myself passed the 
jaundiced eye to the other sisters and pressed to receive 
with the rest, the virtu es of everlasting health (or 
knowledge). This time in itial expectations were paltry 
compared to the actual excellence of the medicine. 
Patrick White's Voss is a superb novel, so superb in fact, 
that I feel it my duty to in crease the world's aware ness 
of this ma~nificent product of human genius. 

The setting (yes, '1 must begin with the settin g) is 
. Australia, 1845. We Americans enchanted with our own 

growth and expansion, are unaware that the peoples of 
another continent experienced the same desire to study 
and map the unknown, to uncover strange and beautiful 
scenes, and to pave the way for future settlement at 
approximately the same moment in history. Australia 
was ignored because it did not threaten us in our quest 
to join hands with our manifest destiny, that charter br 
greatness. Nor was Australia pitiful. We could not nurse 
it I ike Cu ba. 

Fortunately explorers themselves seldom reflect the 
interests of the state of society and certainly the dangers 
for both Aussie and American were equivalent; 
Aborigone for Indian, desert for snowfall . One wonders 
though, if in all history there was ever such a man, an 
explorer, as Johann Ulrich Voss . He is awful. It is correct 
for civilized society to hate him , for this one is the self-
will incarnate. He has no use for us of our pantheon of 
gods. His existence destroys the meaning of " human 
bonds" and "friendship". Voss lives for Voss alone. 
"What does not kill me will make me strong,", says 
Nietzche, but it is Voss who speaks now; Voss, who 
becomes so strong through self-denial that he must die 
for us to survive and to preserve that balance in nature 
which we so admire. 

And Voss does die, violently. We are made to suspect 
as we read the passages describing his agony that th e 
fault is ours, that we are the savages who slice his veins 
to examine the texture of hisblood and who finally 
"stab and saw and cut and break his body" with the only 
possession that is usefu I to us, a present from the 
practical Voss,a knife . We find ourselves viewing Voss's 
decapitated head "again st a few stones, like any melon" 
and hiss, delighted with the blood absorbed im - , 
mediately by dry earth . Or so we imagine. 

But if we merely "rot by living" then we are excluded 
from a salvation attained only through the grace of 
death and the humbleness of profane misery. This Voss 
knows. So like a Creek tragedy, the significance of 
falling itself increases with the stature and importance 
of the hero. 

It is now we can moan for the great Voss, who "at last 
was truely humbled" .. . who is "a man bound by the 
threads of his fate . A whole knot of it" . When he 
screa ms "Oh Jesus, ratte mich nur! Du lieber! " it is a 
worthy exp,ession, for all suffering and all salvation . 
And somew~ere in the sky a voice whispers "Ah Lord . 
Let him bear it" . ' 

The moment Voss dies a girl awakes from a thick 
fever and murmers "Oh Cod . It is over. It is over." S he is 
Laura Trevelyan , our lady of the novel. She too is an 
explorer, who believes "most palpably, in wood, with 
the reflections in it, and in clear daylight, and in wa ter" . 
As a child "she wou Id work frantically at some 
mathematical problem, just for the excitement of it to 
s0ive and know" . ' 

Laura is beautiful, but not. There is less beauty in 
mature intelligence than in the impish child, society 
warns us, and White's passages comparing Laura to 
delicious Belle Bonner (her cousin) are delightfu I. 
Superior. However, if the intensity of Voss is too dif-
ficult to understand, then there is also Miss Trevelyan to 
observe and fear . We fluctuate with the upper echelons 
of Australian society (noveau riche) upon deciding if 
indeed it would not be better to finish her off as the 
savage~ have clone with the explorer Voss . 

Only tea tab les and lozengers and womanhood saves 
her. It is I ss nice to torture females (although hardly 
beyond th r aim of human achi vernent) and as long 
as she does not manifest her " suffocation by the fuzz of 
faith " which later evolves into heightened spirituality 
(although not as great as that of Voss) th n people only 
hate her and admire her for an abil ity to look well in 
brown dresses. We are not quite compelled to send her 

, in th bush. Beside, Vos i air ady th r 

Con't. on Page 3 

. Coast Cruiser 
Hassles 

Conti nued from page 1 

because it takes about a 
week for a new driver to be 
able to stick to a bus 
chedu le . 

There are currently eight 
student drivers being paid 
$ 3.33 an hour. Each driver 
must obtain a Class II 
driver's lisence and must go 
through a special heakh 
examination. 

The bus's managers 
wanted to hire work - study 
students to cut the cost of 
runni ng the bus since the 
federal government pays 
half their salary . However, 
work study referrals came 
tothe managers too far into 
the quarter . 

The bus is currently bein g 
supported by monies from 
the Student Activities Fee, 
advertising and by fares . 
Some of the advertising has 
been cancelled by the 
businesses involved 
because of the bus's 
unreliability and the fact 
that their advertisements 
were not hung up in the 
bus. Elaine says that the 
advertisements were not 
hu ng up because they keep 
changing buses . 

The only other possib Ie 
source of revenue for the 
bus is Chancellor McU-oy's 
discretio nary funds . 
Students are urged by the 
Students Activity Fee 
Commitee to petition the 
Chancellor to use these 
fu nds for this purpose. 

The following schedule 
cha nges will be effective as 
on Monday November 19. 

ROUTE HANCES: 
1. On ly the 10 p .m . run 
have the optio n of 
detouring to the freeway in 
order to let off passengers 
on Carmel Valley Rd. The 8-
9 a.m. and 9-10 a.m . runs 
will no longer do so (they 
will remain on 101) because 
of a safety factor with 
heavier loads. 
2. All runs going into 
Leucadia will go north on 
Vulcan and south on 101 
(We hope this will cut down 
on time and confusion) . 
T his changes the route of 
the evening runs , 
3. The bus derour into 
CardiH (across from VC 
donu t shop) in the mor-
nings will be eliminated . 
Instead, passengers wishing 
to embark in Cardiff must 
wait at th lights on 101 and 
Chesterfield . (We expect 
that this will cut about 5 
minutes off the schedu Ie so 
no one will have to wake up 
any earlier.) 
4 . Only the 9-10 a.m . run 
(which returns to Third 
College) will go by Salk 
southbound in the morning. 
The 7~ a.m . & 8-9 a.m . runs 
will go in by the temporary 
parkin lot between Mui" & 
Third Colleges. 
5 . There will be no detour 
on the 9-10 a.m. run to 
Summit Ave. in Cardiff . It 
will remain on San Elijo-
Vulcan . 
6 . The 3:30 p.m., 5 p.m ., & 
10 p.m. runs will pick up 
passengers by the 
Bookstore on Myers Ave 
(These runs will all go down 
Myers Ave). 

Rhetoric Horsemanship For Handicapped 
Continued from P. 4 

th facts, and not the other 
way around. In digging so 
hard and inaccurately to 
find facts to prove his 
conclusions, Mr. Horowitz 
only succeeds in defeating 
his own purpose. He has 
removed the brunt of his 
attack' away from the real 
source of his fears, the 
political demand of pure 
tolerance by Nixon, Chile, 
and I T.T . thugs, and 
d isplaces it onto 
misrepresented I iterature. If 
we are to solve problems we 
must approach them 
directly , carefully, 
ro·tionally, and with swift 
social force, otherwise one 
will only change and shift 
the problems around, but 
never really solve them . 

A new community proiect may be starting 
up , -his new year-Horsemanship for the 
Handicapped- to be ru n out of the La Jolla 
Farms Stables. This program is directed 
towards hand icapped children, specifically 
those affected by Cerebra I Palsy. 

I n the greater San Diego area there are 
4400 people affected by cerebral palsy, 
according to an estimate made in 1972. Of 
these, a very large sector are children still in 
their " formative years ." 

The goal of the program is to teach 
handicapped children tq ride, in the process 
building muscle strength, tone and general 
coordination. The secondary eHects-the 
pride and sense of accomplishment that 
anyone feels after learning something 
new- are just an added bonus from the 
program. 

There is a program in existance in La 
Mesa. The originators of this program are 
Retired Admiral and Mrs. Leith . They 
developed the program and it has expanded, 

Opinion Poll 
Continued from page 2 

primarily through the ~tafflng tillH' 
volunteered by stur! nts. to Clulte an t'\ ' 
tensive ventur . Three groups of chddrt'll 
are now involved a d the program I~ rlill 
three days a week, from a stable In Mt 
Helix . 

The success of th La Mesa program ha<; 
prompted some local residents, primarily 
school teacher Don Mayo, to attempt to 
organize a similar program In La Jolla for the 
residents of North Cou nty . 

Already, Mrs. Cold berg, of the La Jolla 
Farms Stables, has agreed to set aside 
Saturday mornings for such a program 
Right now interested students (and others) 
are needed, to help set it up and then to 
help teach the children to ride. Also needed 
are some very gentle ponies for the children 
to ride. 

If you would like to help or if you have 
information on how to procure horses, or 
whatever, call Don Mayo at 276-5467, or Lee 
Burke at 452-8435 

Voss 
cont. from pg. 2 

is." I We leave you with a fina 
"They like mint juleps." thought, from an 
" It's closer to Tijuana." unidentified student . This 
And our most common statement does not 

answer : necessarily reflect the 
" You 're kidding ." opinion of the Trition Times 

*.. editorial board , of the 
Yes , th is cam pu s is University as a whole, or of 

literally bursting with anyone at all : 

Living, though, does not exclude sacrifice, and tne 
novel is filled with minor characters in the form of 
convicts and emancipated servants who, in their 
simplicity, do not know what they sacrifice but ask only 
for mercy. Laura herself makes sacrifices to society , to 
Voss. In understanding his greatness she also knows 
what it means to humble him , truly humble him , and 
therefore sacrifices much that we associate with life to 
ease his pain. Such is her love for th is man. 

opinion and debate over 
flying saucers . We admit we "Well, you've got b Iks, 
believed, for a while there, warm-headed folks, sitting 
that Concern was dead on porchs, drinking 
here, that nobody thought lemonade, swatting flies, 
about anything anymore . and listening to old ladies 
We were heartened to find sing 'Swannee River' . And 
so many willing to offer us you know, you get tired of 
their troubled thoughts . In talking about Mary Lou 
fact, some told us they getting married, or Lee 
themselves had seen flying Esther reaching menopause. 
saucers. (Nuts, really . We "So you've got these 
cou ldn't take any of their flying s~ucers . " 
"n~wp.rs seriously.) Well, it's as good as 

swamp gas. 

Announcing 

This is not a Cothic novel, a romance, or a narra tion 
of the "first weat-then humble-then great" syndrome. It 
is a novel about a land, the last frontier, perhaps, where 
man can once again find himself absorbed into the 
harshness of his environment and not mourn his own 
passing, but to take glory in it .. It is a land, so new and 

fantastic, White seems to say, that is worthy of another 
Christ; it is worthy of the Vosses and the Lauras. and 
when Laura says " Voss d (j not d ie. He is still, it is said , 
in the country and always will be. His legend will be 
wr itten down, eventually, by those who have been 
troubled by it" we know that two crucifixions, or twice 
crucified, is more, much more, than any of us deserve. 

a new album you may not have been 
waiting for. But should have been. 

It's uDreamspeaker;' the latest from Tim Weisberg. And this, time some of the 4\mphasis 
is on hard and fast rock & roll with some of the best rock musicians on the L.A. muslc scene 
giving Tim spectacular support: Jim Gordon., Larry Knechtel., and Mike Melvoin, along with 
Lynn Blessing, Rick Jeager, Jim Krueger, and Don Anderson from Tim's own ~oup. 

On the other end of the musical spectrum., Tim's sensuous, symphonic 4 Castile~' with 
its echoes of 44Iberia" and "Bolero'!ish rock tempos set the scene for some of his most 
spectacular Dute Hights. The orchestral setting for this piece is the work of Bob Alcivar., who 
directs the 30 musicians (strings_,. brass., woodwinds). To add to the album's reperto~re is the 
"Scrabble" suite which is TIm Weisberg in all his musical forms: ,rock., jazz and hft" 

In all, '4Dreamspeaker" is an album well worth the wait. 
Jft~8IIt1S1Jeallf'r·~" New f1utemusic from Tun ~"'£Ih ... ~-. 

Pag l , Triton Tim s, 
Nov mb r 1 , 1 73 



Mass Impeachment 
Petition Drive 

A massive national impeachment campaign against 
Richard Nixon is being conducted by the American Civil 
Liberties Union (ACLU) . 

On Sat. Nov. 12 the ACLU initiated the creation of a 
broad-based coalition of groups and individuals 
favoring impeachment. Specifically, Impeachment 
Centers are being et up in each Congressional District 
of Southern California . The AClU ha~ placed full-page 
ads in the New York Times and Los Angeles Times, 
doc.umenting the reasons for impeachment. A copy of 
this ad was, published in the Triton Times on Friday, 
Nov. 2. The ACLU impeachment petition represents a 
forceful tool for bringing massive public pressure to 
bear upon Congress to initiate the impeachment 
process . 

~opies of all signatures to the petition will be sent to 
every member of the United States House of 
RepresentatIves . 

Impeachment petitions may be signed and copies 
obtained and returned at the following locations : 
Triton Times Office, Revelle Campus, Blake Hall 
Undergraduate Student Council Office, Matthews 
Campus, Bldg. 250 (call Stephanie Harris, X 2943, if you 
get lost) 
Student's Educational Chan~e Center, Muir Campus, 
under the Muir Cafeteria (cal Tammy Keyser, X 2516 for 
directions) 
EDNA Office, Revelle Campus, Urey Hall lobby 
Snack Bar, Scripps Institute of Oceanography (SIO) 
Coffee Hut, Revelle Campus 

Petitions may also be signed and copies obtained and 
returned from the San Diego AClU (223-3863) . In-
structions and information for distributing and returning 
petitions will be posted on the petition boxes. 

Already &00 signatures have been sent to the Los 
Angeles ACLU from UCSD. Next Tuesday, Nov. 20, at 
4159 Hill Street in Point Loma, there will be a meeting to 
develope strategies for city-wide petitioning and to 
arrange an impeachment rally . For further information 
call the ACLU at 223-3863. Persons willing to spend 2 to 
3 hours petitioning off campus should also call the 
ACLU or sign their name on the petition boxes around 
campus. 

Congratulations To Democracy 
by Doug 8lagdon 

Congratulations to the Triton Times. You beat 
Proposition 1. 

Of course that doesn't mean that you did it Single 
handed. You were a part of a statewide movement to 
make democracy work. The Governor picked his issue 
and picked a time when opponents were less likely to 
vote than supporters. He had an enormous bankroll and 
a well organized selective campaign . He had all this and 
you beat him. 

Congratulations are in order to organizations like ti .e 
Student lobby, the Waldie for Governor campaign, and 
the League of Women Voters who contributed 
organized efforts. Congratulations to individuals like 
Assemblyman Willie Brown, students Chris Rauber, 
Gary Cannon, Chris Klump, Denise Morin , and Janice 
Crooks, and Regent Bill Roth all of whom worked here 
at UCSD. 

Congratulations to Ronald Reagan . In a fit of ilnusual 
car dor he admitted that even he couldn 't understand 
Prcp.,sition 1. This underlined his position as an actor 
mcu thing the lines fed to him by the rich people who 
bankroll him . It could well have decided the election . 

Congratulations to Speaker of the Assembly Bob 
M(,retti who wa s the chief spok sman of the opposition . 
It 'IIa n to rt nf Dolitical courage to 5 em to oppose 
101/ 'er taxes whil ~unning for Governu, . It se ms almost 
lik'"! opposing mother of appl pie. H has promised a 

ref ~rendum for real tax reform which is a sp l ndid idea . 
··h biggest congratulations go to the people of 

Ca :ifornia and th whole democratic sy t m . The recent 
results of r fernda have kept faith with our Idea ls. Even 
thE' marijuana and d ath penalty issu 5 reflect what 
might be a misguided b lief in old fashion d justice . 

It is good to s e that the hard work and acrifice of 
many individuals can overcome th thirty e and pots 
of paid actors. After the disappointments of the 
McGovern campaign, this victory should restore our 
hope that we can make the whol thing work . 

Congratulations to all of us. 
Pag 4 Triton Times. 
November 16, 1973 

'IXICUTlVI OFFICI aUILDINO, JAMIS • • • AND KI I" n UNDI R FlfTYl' 

Examine The Rhetoric 
by Stuart Froman 

In reading I'm O.K., by bit. cHaot ica lly by 
You're O .K. And I .T.T.'s lust whatever hands we un-
Great, I felt much of what wittingly fall into - parent, 
must have been the same sc hool, governm nt, peer 
hauntedness that Mr . pressure , social status , 
Horowitz himself felt at economic status, the list 
other times. In pondering goes on, but unlike the 
my disquiet, at length I wishes of both liberals and 
discovered its cause : Aside conservatives this does not 
from the radical rhetoric produce a rational , 
and misrepresentation of autonomous individual. 
two psychological theories, Instead, we find the in-
very little was really said. dividual in a constant inner 

First, in using such worn struggle to behave ac-
out rhetoric as "Cu ltural cording to varied and 
Cop-Out" or " Holy Cor- contradictory norms. Be 
porate Empire" or using those norms belief in God, 
suc h comical represen- belief in America, belief in 
tations as "Santa Claus of Marx, or belief in nothing, 
Happy Consciousness" or one must conform and 
" pseudo-Nick's ho ho", belong somewhere . 
Horowitz hides his lack of Wherever it is, though, that 
argument and substance by this bitter inner struggle 
belittling his opponents and ends, it is clear from the 
trying to make them as majority of society that in 
obviously ridiculous as most cases rational is not 
possible (certainly no one the victor . 
listens to the obviously Skinner merely realizes 
ridiculous) . If one is to this effect and proceeds to 
criticize, why not take the outline how to remove this 
opponent seriously (or is aversive situation . The 
one so self~vident ly right controls that Skinner 
that no one else should be outlines are actually less 
taken seriously) and strict , for unlike our society, 
rationally refute his Skinner would incorporate 
arguments or material? A change and Progress into 
much more potent the individual and make 
argument results when him much more flexible, 
taken seriously and without creative, and, in a strict 
an air of the ridiculous. definition ' free' . 

Secondly, in assuming it Thirdly, in presenting I'm 
sufficient to say only that O .K., You're O.K. and TA 
Beyond Freedom and Harris as advocates of Pure 
Dignity "through citing the Tolerence, I feel that Mr. 
crisis brought on by a Horowitz is reading in 
reckless oligarchy, it much that is not in the 
rationali zes stricter con- theory. The basis of the I'm 
trol", Horowitz shows an O.K., You're O.K. status is 
acute lack of understanding the adult, the rational 
of our society. By virtue of computer that can develope 
Skinner's successful method in each individual given the 
and that the knowledge of opportunity. The purpose of 
such success can warrant this computer is not merely 
such fear, it must be to tolerate, but to remove 
realized that Skinner's one's own egocentricity, 
process of socia lization is and to be aware of, and 
an ongoing, present-day understand that there are 
system . Our behavior is other people, with different 
controlled. It is designed bit experie nces, who dra w 

different conclusions about 
th e world around them . I t is 
th en for the computer to 
va luate this informa tion 

and resolve the conf licts 
that arase 

ACADIMIC 1I11I"1Iat " ........ -
Of' I4H 01100 

2146 EL CAJON BLVD. 
SAN DIEGO. CAI2104 

I' m O.K., You're O .K. 
gives a very rational and 
decisive status to the in-
dividual. One, then, is in a 
position to effectively 
determine his own 
behavior . It is not 
necessarily a passive 
character. It is, however, 
the direct antithesis of 
Skinner's individual who is 
shaped and molded from 
birth with essentially 
nothing of his own to say of 
his developement or 
behavior, except for tho e 
limitations and capabilities 
presented by his physical 
makeup. It is really quite 
incongruous to snap these 
two opposing theories into 
some literary thrust which 
somehow supports the 
establishment . The only 
thing they have in common 
is that both are critical of 
the established method of 
socialization, but certainly 
don't agree on how to 
rectify it. 

Mr . Horowitz , then, 
extracts Pure Tolerance as 
the enemy in this instance. 
But certain facts must be 
remembered : In calling 
tolerance a 'politi cal' 
demand it must be realized 
that it is also a 'social ' 
demand . In order for 
so iety to exist stabily at a II 

triton 

there must be a certain 
degree of tolerance, and 
Pure Toleran e must be 
politically demanded by the 
estabalishrnent wh en 
dissatisfaction threatens a 
change in that present 
political order . In t rms of 
Mr. Horow itz's fear s. 
neither B.F. Skinner or T.A 
Harris, or ven our fe bl!' 
constitution, advocate Pure 
Tolerance . But if a corrupt 
and decadent ad-
ministration is making uch 
a demand, it is just one 
more reason for persevering 
to get it ousted . 

What Mr. Horowitz has 
done in his misrepresen-
tations is this : Within the 
context of his value system. 
he has the valid fear of Pure 
Tolerance. But what his 
article shows , and what. 
unfortunately, happens all 
too often in movements of 
any sort, where distant 
ideals are struggled for in 
dogmatic and inflexible 
societies, that the ideas, the 
initially drawn conclusions 
about man . become the 
reality from which facts are 
forCibly drawn to reprove 
the conclusion . In rational 
problem olving. however, 
the· conclusion must be 
continually derived from 

Continued on page 11 

tiDles 
"'nlC' nwl'l' I knO\\ fit ''''f ll,le', 1 he. ' 11Inn' I 

"nin) ;Hlluvsk~" Will C .... It 'r 

..... In CIIIof ... Oevid Buchbinder 
CIty ............ .. ~ •••..•••..• Grog Hie ... 

• 
............ ··· ·Miche .. s-ne 
c., - ............. J_G. Soto 
....... ....., ... Nencv M.nclno 

.--OIl.- ...... Mer!< McCany 

-o.,uu.-Lee_ 
.,.. Garwood 

Ed~ 
0rI0 Roubor 
CIIIr .. IIoimIoI" 
JGIIn Taylor 
HoIIy-

---RIdoonIPoai 

L n-o..... - .,.,.~-AltlIIItIr ................. IFFY ........ _.,.,.... 
.,..,. ....... .............. EriI: R..... =-m:.,-
__ .... .... .......... Bob,.., 

"",I . .. , _ ... M.tcoImSmith 

'-' ... · ......... ........ Corin ... c.c.. 
~ en, ..... .... Riel< Dram 

Hen"'" Collen c..y ....... 
Mirto ....... Ie 

... .--. ....... Ramon Rui. 00bbI0 .... .... 

ANo.s--
__ 

a. .. Hyde 
Doe_ 

-~ a,..~ 
l1lil1li1-
IIiIIo 'I'bomM 

-
c.rtly c.c_ 
_n... 
..... ~ 
1Iorto ...... 
Tncy 8Io1oIued 
!Any 8aIcIwiJI 
Klrt"*-_1taI_ ... 
Call1llle c.c.. 
K41"" CUe 
............ , 
Ilorid ... nt 
!AnyWInn 
-,","yet" 
MlcboeJ cw-

The TRITON TI MES II offlc:llllly recognIzed .1 I dua ... t 
n_lpep., by the Communl.,.tlon Board of the Unlva,.1ty of 
Callfo,nla. San DIego. Building 2110. ManheWli Camp... Uo 
Jolla. C.llfo,nla t2037. Publlc.tlon II twice weakly on Tu ..... yo 
and F"devi. OfflcH .. e located in Room 117. Bleke Hal/. 
Revelle C.mpul. Fo, adve"lalng phone~. 0,463-21000. X 
1017; fo, edltorilll or n_. phone X 1018. 

.----------------------, 

LSAT 
PREP. COURSE F R DEC. OR FEB. LSAT 

We offer you : 
• Pre-Testing 
"Instruction by Subject Matter Bxperts 
"Individual analysis 
"Test Taking Techniques 
·Post 1:est (simulated LSAT) 
·IJrnited Seating ... 1100.00 
Educational Services (114) 291-1417 J 
~---------------------

. , 

Letters To The Editor 
. In the interest and knowl dge that most of the DatiRO' After sever~1 har~s5lng a~d students of UCSD desire cI!iss s that might Ju st con-

'. --e pubhcrty seekang type ~~.lItS. Ge~id them .i"n ·anIV. ~.Rd -aft future pursuits, the 
, '." "-fl!e . J»een Wed .ag~nst Co faor. ~ lfellajssance qt'rac;ticaHty {which is 

j .( • • ' ~_tyay . tn each c~.se . ·\a ~~ ·o(-.8:I-e ::Corl9)l~ of · Procedural 
", , . • • ~~ lJFWA a.tf9l"ile,~h . Pra~tism) offers .\1b~. choi~tf1-dft\tihgs -for th~ 

Dear Mr. Editor, ' . tiave perniltted ~W;Hslllts te· -<:....;;..~- tern... . . '.; ... : .:- .. .... ::". ;: • - • .• . 
I would persOnally like to " be"trifd the ch .. liWs ~ '~ r ~~a,.. .: ,'; ·)f':~·~\~ ,.;~' : ':'~, :" '. : ' , . 
thali~ . ~dson !ha~ch f~ ·~en -~is~~~ed . jlS fti~~dvs .. Aoih'opOIogy 1904: ~ ~in'..r;'wH\~'JibaI ~tgni(iC"~-oce 
mentlonang me In hiS Letter , arid · Iaek~ng _ IQ grE> ... "d~ . of (tfte tart tabee, its ·.u,es ,..a ~ a,pplfGa,tions .to m~em 
To The Editor "Mi ... d Furtnerm<xe, :we)Jo nol: self· trlba1 society . . . . ~ . ' . • , , 
Matter" (T.T. Sept . 28, sca~ prOOoGe. Webuy from APIS 104 B, C, O.- (tnere is PIO ;A.) : ~C1iim-Mer sCie~e . 

. 1973). ;tva~le , ~tm~-es rn the Deats wit~ . praC~it;al ·uSe.s. of Coast ~ruising, ~a~ld 
I am sorry I took so 1000g Quantity aJi~ -quatitv · to Tfansit and' CO"od"eov "Blimps. .. .. . .. 

to respond but I've had m.ef!l . ou.r "~ds wltho~t API.S 104'{: ,lab on m~chants:ms tor ~e re~iJ .of 
amoesia for abo~t a ":I0ntR d I s.c ~Imln.ilt lC;)n . Th 15 brolcenoown tiransit·S\'$t'er1'IS ~ -The ·Ceast Cruiser will be 
FIOWJ After gettl,ng hit on d~R"IItelv IJl~lude~ UFWA . -used. Prereq(jisite:;¥~1t ~rQ ... i.de tran~pOrtatioh :.. . 
the'h.ea~ by ~ flYIRI~,~I~ .:pr~(;e!.teri1s : • . •... t~m"'"e.i~s~f~ : :W-u,~.j~~l1& ta~Cfg to . puQk~arecent~n ,~ • ~~ .. a:r.e . endoslOtl ·.·a - tldder·.~1e; uses '. cuheifor-m , ~.-aJiht.jn~ .~~ 

:. (;utH • .g~me. "!-v~ . ee.eft ~.r~ __ 'oro ia~ev.:ay ~ ·Sl.iPea'tiQritYof c.uneibm ·ro\e"y"O~mOd ~,tawkiJ1g . 
y.-andering ~lOuod actl,laHy ·Much rel~t€s our 'In- Perqilisite: Ha~ 'and Ch-is:ek 

.. believing that I'm Carmen volve-men! .and sets forth . Econot(l-ics 19(;): A s~inar on 'u$.Ury. Prerequisite : 
Miranda. I've even walked our position in the F,arm. thor<?\Jgh kll~ed&e .of The Merchant ~f Venice and an 
around campus wearmg a \yorKer Issue Vf?!Y clearly . .undetstjilAding·bf U.S .• National Bank's unique sys~ lOf 
bat full 9f fruit. . ,f:.oyway, We .stronlilY sug~est lhat ·1/\ deficit assets . • 
I'm cured now and so I the Interest of fair un~lased Hi"story 5440 : A Foreign view of the American Civil War : 
thought I would write back reporting you print this Analyses the pressing American issues of the 1860's, 
and thank Mr. Thatch for letter and the enclosed using the hypotheses and analyses of noted Tierra del 

, remembering me. However, article. InCidentally, many Fuegan philosophers. 
I would like to correct just sutdents on campus who do Biology 2001 : Tetrad analysis of monosonic polyploidy 
one point in his letter. The not agree with your in xxxy fruit flies in backcrosses with adjacent disju nc-
title of my most recent work ed i torial pos ition , have tion in the act of intercourse. Dr. Kleinfelters signature 
is " Dating After Death" (not asked for thes facts . required . 
"Sex After Death") which is, Sincerely, Biology 121 : An analysis of the neural impulses of 
in essence, a dating SAFEWAY STORES, IN- Jerusalem Crickets as they apply to professional 
gu idebook for the CORPORA TED football. 
d ceased . T. J. Cooney Literature 133 : A study in the meter and metaphor of DC 

Well , I've got to go now Employee-Public Relations and Marvel Comics . Prerequ isite : upper division 
and do my laundary . So Manager tanding, consent of instructor and a subscription to 
long, gang. igned by MAD Magazi ne. 

Si ncerely yours, Paul V Campbell Music Opus 39A : Semi nar - The influence of the Bird 
Hank St iman The Sf · article wi ll groups upon t he music of Mahler. This eminar will 
Muir Co ll ege a eway trace th e effect of the Flamingos, the Wrens, the app ar ir. our next edition 

It's about time that you Ed D· Ravens, the Robins, the Crows. and other important ~u rfaced , Hank . How about - . Ir . 1950's rhythm and blues Bi rd groups upon the great 
som excerpt from your German Master . 
book? They would un- K d k Ad Philosophy 1984 . The nature of the univer e 
doubtedly be found useful 0 a Physics 1985: The Nature of the universe. May be taken 
by many U SO tudent in conjunction with Philo ophy 1984. 
r d D i r . Defended Sociology 144: The SOCiology of Refuse. An Intriguing 

study of the refuse of individuals 's and the influence of 
refuse upon such unrelated topics as paupery , popery 
and philistinism . Prerequi ite Acce s to r fuse . Safeway 's 

Rebuttal 
DE'ar Sir . 

Your recent article 
rE'gardlng afeway ' 
proposed entry into the 
Villa La Jolla CentN wa~ 
biased and la king In fa t . 

afeway operates 
~upermarket in ('very 

o ll ege co mmunity in 
California and our stor are 
wf'1I patronized by student~ 
a wel l a p rmanent 
residents . Contrary to th e 
article in que tion, Wf' do 
not xpect to op rat th 
~tores at a los . We Intend 
to operate at a profit aftE'r 
opening expen s arE' 
dbsorbed. peaking wf'1I for 
dff'way IS thE' fact that we 

w('rp the on Iy firm that 
would agree to Inillam's 
high architf'.ctura l stan-
dard<; 

Your refer!.'n<.e to 
IdW\uits against us by 
UI WA .,upportive group 
dnd r!.'feren e to scab 
lettuce. grapes and wi nes 
hows pither a complete 

Ignoran e of fa t or 
outright bias . I t is true that 

NO'NTliRU SUNDAY 
7Ioo"'_ofL~ 

At7: 00. D.H. L.--'I 

WOMEN 
iN Love 

At 9: 25. 
THE ClASSIc LOVE STORY 

ROMEO 
& JULiET 

LA PALOMA 
I'A( ·WIC{"()\S'I II)" i!J:l39:J5 

- u.=::!J 

Editor. Triton Times 
I n response to the I tt r 
critiCizing the Kodak ad . 

It se m to me that su h 
indignation over the Kodak 
ad would indi atP a very 
narrow minded attitude 
towards what hould and 
should not be printed in 
"our own stud nt paper" 
One mu t k ep In mind that 
therE' ar!.' qu ite a few 
students that try to take an 
obje tive l ook at COl-
porations . I do not find it 
"offen ive". ind ed. I find it 
r fre hing. to read In an ad 
Ihat a company admits that 
thE'Y rally ar motivat d by 
profit. And, contrary to 
what was said about 
convln 10 9 pE'oplC' " that 
thp ~tudent movement IS 
Virtually defunct." the ad 
POlnt<; out thaI working 
from WIthin IS Indeed a 
vdlid method of achieVing 
thE' goals of the "s tud!.'nt 

Continued on P. Ll 

UNIQUE 
OlD TIME SHOP 

WITH 
tHE ONLY 

COFFEE ROASTING 
FACILITIES 

IN SAN DIEGO 
IMPORTED CULINARY ITEMS -

NEW SHIPMENT Of 
MAINLAND CHINA TEA 
IN THI OlD MARKET 

1010 HWY 101 
INClNITAS 
-lH6 NOSNCT ST. 
LA JOlLA 

targum crossword 
'. 

.<. 

53 Tr •• of the bi rch 12 Tu rkISh _'r. 
hm1l y 13 In fert il. 

1 Du tc~ phtlo,op~.r, 55 "- AbOve All " 16 fred A'laire ', 
luthor of "E tMes " ((ric Kn igh t nov e l) suter 

ACROSS 

8 OI1e of the 7 Won- 56 Morn i ng : Fr . 21 In. rt .I .... nt 
d.n of the Wor ld 58 Unsatisfactory 24 ard (off ) 

14 D.gr •• of qu.l l ty product 26 Ravl5~e5 
15 Bolt r.et 60 Ni gerhn tr ibe 29 Ta~e,. of cnc tat ion 
11 Everything count~ 61 Put to use )1 Step 
18 Gave forth 63 More di .. . sa i d of 34 'T he Pr1Soner 
19 Pr.f .. : woo l tearful .y.' of - ' 
20 ParadIses 65 MerrY"a ker 36 TIp over 
22 Cout 66 Rich In de.,gn 38 GOod-nat . rod 
23 Nights before 61 Di savow Ig.in ndicule 
25 Clo,. to (po.t .) 6B Gnawing m.m.l. 40 One W 0 scolds 
~7 Ac tor JannIng' 41 Unm. nagelDl. 
28 A.ton lDodes DOWN 41 Unclothed 
30 Rom.,.. outer 44 H;ddle (ast 

glr"rl'W!lIts 1 Triangle wi th cap l t.l 
32 Fermerrted drink unequ.l s,des .5 Obv1ous 
33 Inferior substitute 2 Jellt chatter 46 Vacation spots 
35 Olstont pllnet 3 Oi '.... 47 Rel.tive of the 
31 Swerve 4 Insect egg f"()nkey 
39 Hunst S Woodwind instrulflent 49 An ann or • l eg 
40 Th. Rul McCoy 6 Cl ... oat. of Doble 51 Lik. a blt~ro"", 
43 - Kenny GIll I, w. ll 
47 "Light.horse Harry u 7 Pus lon.te S4 COfTIic strip 
48 Hltred 8 Prophet 57 Afncln river 
50 ·Clntfrb<lry Tiles " 9 - .nd ~aw 59 E.igency 

ch,rlcttr 10 Sputan kin9 62 8uddtnst sect 
51 ronn.rly ( orc~I Ic) 11 Eorly-Dlo ... lng 64 Epoch 

THERE'S 
FOR. You IN THE. 

OR.GANIZATION! 

- SEE 

1',1l'1' " 1 ral"" 111111· \ 
f ,\ flint H 'J If, 1ft, ~ 



Film 
Executive Action 

G. E . Knoll 

These are reasons for you to see Executive Act ion, the 
film that postulates that an extensive conspiracy in-
cluding agents of the U.S.' government plotted and 
carried out the assassination of President John F. 
Kennedy: 

1. Your metabolism is so strung out on devastating 
headlines by now that you will probably require a 
maintenance jolt while you wait out the next one . 

2. Executive Action's list of high-echelon bad men has 
many similarities to the ever-growing list of confirmed 
Watergate operators (big money men from Texas, CIA 
and other espionage types, fanatical an!i-Castro Cuban 
exiles, etc .) even though this thesis was largely con-
structed years b€fore Richard Nixon became President. 

3. Some people in high places don't want you to see 
this movie. Three NBC stations, including KNBC in L.A ., 
have refused to carry advertising for Executive Action, 
charging that the ads are excessively violent . Check 
them out for yourse·'f. If these stations applied this strict 
a standard to the rest of their programming, they would 
even have to cancel their old Get Smart reruns. 

reporters, "No sir, I didn't kill anybody ... I'm a patsy ." 
According to Freed and Lane, Oswa ld was not involved 
in the attempt, but rather was set up with an elaborate 
frameup that utilized a look-alike. The film-makers have 
one-upped the skeptics here by finding a remarkable 
look-alike to Oswald, James MacCall, to play that role in 
the fi lm. 

So Executive Action is not a first-rate work of art. It is, 
however, a rapid-paced historical adventure that may 
very well contain large elements of a frightening truth . 
The scenario of Executive Action is admittedly a highly 
educated guess, but it is consistent with the available 
evidence, a claim that the Warren Commission would 
be hard pressed to make for its own Report . 

You should see Executive Action because President 
I yndon Johnson believed some sort of conspiracy was 
involved in the assassination (a fact that is stated in the 
film's opening moments) a nd because two-thirds of the 
American public (according to both Gallup and Harris) 
think so, too. 

You should know that "assassination buffs" did not 
have to read in their newspapers that Nixon-appointed 
Watergate prosecutor Leon Jaworski got rich defending 
big Texas money - they predicted that from their 
knowledge of the history of the last ten years, just like 
they predicted the presence of Cuban exiles and CIA 
vets from the Bay of Pigs era in the Watergate caper 
itself. 

You do know that Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby 
never went to trial and you should know that eighteen 
material witnesses died, many by violent means, with in 
about three years of the assassination. 

You should be curious. 
Continued on Page 8 

4. This month marks the 10th anniversary of the 
assassination of President Kennedy. If you haven't yet 
gotten into th'e weirdness surrounding the Warren 
Commission and its Report, it's a good time to sta rt. ,..---------------------...1 

Don't let me fool you, Executive Action is not a great 
film . It is probably not as persuasive as its authors in -
tended although I walked in the theater long-since 
persuaded, so I was not a good judge of that. Dalton 
Trumbo's screenplay shares many of the faults of the 
novel, Executive Action, by Mark Lane and Donald 
Freed. The dialogue, i n its efforts to convey so much 
factual information, often lacks grace. The characters of 
the conspirators lack the depth even to worry about 
getting caught, and there is often an air of melodrama 
about the proceedings that detracts from the 
believability of the film . Of the performers, only Robert 
Ryan manages to flesh out the limitations of his role 
more than occasionally. Burt Lancaster is coldly 
professional as the cold professional and though Will 
Geer might make a cred l> Ie Col. Sanders (if there is a 
credible Col. San.ders), as an omnipotent Texas oilman 
he doesn't cut it. 

Nonetheless, Execut ive Action should be seen. The 
flaws are confined to the realm of aesthetic subtleties ' 
the factual basis for the film is sound. Where it w~ 
possible to know, events are presented here as they 
happened (there was a telephone blackout in 
Washington D.C. simultaneous with the assassination 
etc .). In other cases, strong inferences are made fro~ 
apparently related data . Highlights of the film in clu de a 
splicing together of documentary footrge and recreated 
footage to demonstrate one of tht. ·,thors' pivotal 
contentions: that Kennedy was killed b, shots from a 
location in front of his vehic Ie instead of from Oswald 's 
position in the Book Depository, which was behind the 
Presidential vehicle at the time of the assassination . 
(You can have some fun with this one yourself -- go to 

I ibrary and examine the microfilm edition of the 
New York Times from November 23, 1963. Read the 
attending surgeons' opinion that the President's throat 
wounds are entry wounds. The original autopsy that 
might have corraborated this was burned and the 
subsequent medical reports have been sealed away in 
archives for .reasons of " privacy.") 

Among other actual footage from the weekend of the 
assassination are the frames where Oswald insists to 

fuiaJ~ 
Lady 

Sings the 
Blues 

DIANA ROSS 
'7:30 & 10:00 75 cents 

[SATUROAX] 
The 

Learning Tree 
AND 

PAUL NEWMAN IN 
W .U .S .A . 

7:30 $1.00 
USB 2722 

I',lgf' h lnton Tllllf', 
Nov mb!'r 16, 1<)73 

Music Dept. Premiers 
Magnetic Garden 

A U .S. premier per -
formance of Alvin Curran's 
Magnetic Garden will be 
presented by Roberto 
Laneri and Susan Gormlie 
of the UCSD Music 
Department , Tuesday, 
November 20, at 8:15 pm, 
in Recital Hall 409, Mat-
thews Campus. 

Alvin Curran, born in 
Rhode Island 35 years ago, 
is an American composer 
presently residing in Rome. 
He is one of the original 
members of " Musica 
Electronica Viva", one of 
the most influential and 
provacative new music 
groups during the past 
decade. Most of his music 
has been produced in his 
private electronic studio 
and is intended for per-
formance by various in-
struments and/or voices, 
tapes and live electronics. 
His major works include 
"Music for All Occasions", 
published by the Ex-
perimental Music 
Catologue in London . "The 
Magnetic Garden", his most 
recent and extended (1 'I, 
hours) composition , is 
designed for a so los recital 
situation, and so far has 
only been performed in 
Rome by the composer 
himself . For the American 
premiere he realized a 
version especially for Susan 
Gormlie and Roberto 
Laneri, whom he joined last 

summer in their vocal 
improvisation group. 

The distinctive qualities 
of Mr. Curran's work, both 
as an i mprovi sor and 
composer, are melodic and 
peaceful , a refreshing and 
original trait in today's 
music scene. "The 
Magnetic G.uden" promises 
an evening of relaxing yet 
intense musical experience. 

Susan E. Gormlie is 
presently working towards 
an MA in music at UCSD. A 
student of Elizabeth 
Hamiltom, harpsichord, she 
is the organist of the 
Mission San Diego de 
Alcala . She is also a 
founding member with 
Laneri, of the vocal group 
" Inner Voices". 

Roberto Laneri was a 
member of the Center of 
the Creative and Performing 
Art in Buffalo as 
clarinetist-composer; also 
of SEM Ensemble, directed 
by Pete Kotik. Com-
missioned by the dance 
company "Company of 
Man", to write the music for 
the production " Black 
Ivory", for the 50th an-
niversary of the Albright-
Knox Art Gallery . As a 
performer of new music he 
has given many solo recitals 
both in this cou ntry and 
abroad . 
The concert is free and 
open to the public. 

AND KFMB PRESENT 

HELEN 
REDDY 

SAT. NOV. 24 • 8:30 PM 
Community Concourse 

Hall 
Golden 

Tickets: $6.00, 5.00, 4.00 
Civic The.'re Box Office, 

High/ende, Men :s . ,ore •• e" 
M.'ro Agenchl. 

Theatre Theatre 
Theatre : 

Generally speaking, it's highly unjust 
to review a show prior to its official 
opening, and whi le "Previews" of shows 
do exist, the realm of valid criticism 
doesn't seem fair ~() inflict onto a show 
until opening night. Hence, when I went 
to see a dress rehearsal of Status Quo 
Vadls at the Off-Broadway Theatre in San 
Diego on Monday night prior to their 
Wednesday opening, I had no intention 
of reviewing it at that time. 

The play, written by Donald Driver (of 
YOUR OWN THING fame) is more or less 
an unknown, receiving its West Coast 
premiere here. Perhaps the anonymity of 
the play was why I was so taken by 
surprise,but despite my fear of that genre 
of plays billed as "a new sex comedy", I 
found I actually erioyed the show quite a 
bit , and being unable to see the play's 
actual opening, I feel obligated to speak 
of the play now as opposed to never. 

The play is another of a string of all too 
cleverly constructed satires, poking 
disconcerting looks at our society's class 
structure, sexual moralities, politics and 
religion . On a literary level , one must 
realize that plays of this sort are just not 
destined to b come classic's of theatre, 
yet despite this basic problem which 
interposes whenever a script of this ~ort 
is used, Status Quo manages to redeem 
itself on a number of levels . 

The characters in the play all wear 
c lothing marked with numbers 
representing their particular class. The 
action of the play centers around an 
apprentice hole puncher of the five class 
(lower) named Horace Elgin, who aspires 
to be a poet and to come out of the muck 
of his class . His efforts to do so are 
helped by a three secretary in the cor-
poration, and a " liberated" lady who is 
daughter of the chairman of the board. 
and teaches high school for drop-outs as 

prClCffI<l&rllically as a set 
lar frames is 

in mO,vedj .... hichevery way 
to form a ., ... ,nr,,'. 'nn set for the 
variety of progresses 
through . develop in 
almost resto fashion as the 
plot sinks icker as the 
ironic web of develop. 

As complex as i nd on paper, 
the play succeeds is energized 
by an intention al in some way 
offend all types y and punch 
holes in the t"h, ri.'" society. 
Despite some s charac-
terization of of socia l 
attitudes : Ii patriots, hard-
hats , clergy, etc, remain sol id 
as the ironies the charac-
terizations show of mostly 
co llege stld!nts that 
evening laughed roughout the 
t:'vening, and h. the how 
several times for to affi rm the 
truth of th play broadly 
illustrate. 

The sc ri pt is >rP • .,~rprial , all the 
time tantali zi ng preference 
to delivering, wrong hands, 
I 'm c rtain could be 
devastatingl y ucki ly, the 
production at is 
blessed with Iy fine per-
formances which lity of th 
piece in focus, served to 
sharpen the h than to 
disperse it. 

David Wilson 
cellent and 
frustrations and 
to . Gail Str i 
teacher-mistress 

Elgin is ex-
trays the 

he is exposed 
his liberated 

th bri lIiant 

Larry Deckel 

confidence down to a disturbingly 
reassured smile. 

Joel Stedman. as th grad student 
bartender also turned in a nice per-
formance, with a good sense of timing 
and clarity of inten t and thought. 
Geraldine Kay, as Horace's mother turns 
in the evenings biggest show stopper in a 
hilarious scene in which the American 
Veteran 's League comes to her home to 
stifle her son's pornographic book of 
poems. 

The show. of course, was not without 
its weak moments, and at the time still 
possessed a number of technical 
problems. The pace of the show needed a 
degree of tightening up in a number of 
places, but keeping in mind that the 
show was still two full nights away from 
opening, there seems to be no cause for 
alarm . 

I' ll readily admit this piece is no 
Moliere, but it is better than the general 
popular theatre fare that seems to plague 
San Diego, and despite what flaws can be 
found with the production , the co llege 
crowd who attended Monday nights 
performance seemed to be enjoying it 
quite a bit . 

I ncidently, if the Off-Broadways pro-
theatre ticket prices have scared you 
away from this theatre in the past , 
college students will be interested in 
knowing that the Off-Broadway has 
instituted a new, half-price t icket policy 
for remaining eats one hour before 
, urtain . That means you can attempt 
'Sunday's matinee, or Saturday night's 
b:oo performance for two bucks . 

Yes, I could be more critical of Status 
Quo Vad ls, but I have to admit I enjoyed 
it very much, and for my money, that's 
worth quite a bit. 

HDt W' represents) to presevere in the face of great disaster and tragedy throughout history . 
CDld RI$hS$ 

Don Maker 
The UCSD Drama department is currently producing 

Thomton Wilders' The Skin of Our Teeth, which is 
undoubtedly Wilders' best work . As opposed to the dull , 
non-action home-spun philosophising of Our Town, The 
Skin of Our T~th is a funny, fast paced, universal-
message-to-all-mankind . Although Wilder cannot quit 
preaching, Skin is well enough written so that, if staged 
correctly, it works . 

Director Arthur Wagner has done an excellent pb of a 
very difficult show; coordinating the many technical 
aspects so that it flowed smoothly, and bringingout th e 
humor, satire, and meaningin a pleasant manner for the 
audience. The brilliant se t and lighting design by Dan 
Dryden COntributed greatly to the success of the show. 

Lee DeVin, as Antrobus, had the physical size, the 
booming voice, and the inspiration power required by 
the part. With a few minor lap s in the econd act, his 
acting job was truly supurb . Devin gave Antrobus the 
energy, excitement, sense of adventure, and desire to 
succeed which ' has helped Mankind (whom he 

Llllnu~"NT 
Now ""' Decl"" • 

Mrs. Antrobus is supposed to be of the same hardy, 
robust ilk . Although Mindy Scott gives a terrific per-
formance, she is neither large enough nor homely 
enough to c'lrry the part physically . Ms Scott uses her 
acting ability (and good make up) to supply much of the 
power, strength of character, and determination of the 
plain Mrs. Antrobus, who doggedly holds her home and 
fa mily together despite the catastrophes of life, and th e 
Lilly Sabina's of the world . 

Lilly Sabina is the maid in the Antrobus household , 
who strives to climb "out of the kitchen" by use of her 
beauty, cleverness, and sex appeal. Sabina is the centra I 
character of the play, representing the "ordinary girl" 
who is out to get ahead in the world by any mea ns 
available . She is also the narrator and primary bestower 
of wisdom and philosophy. If done well, Sabina is one 
of the funniest, most sympathetic and believable 
females roles in theatre . There is no higher compliment 

Continued on Page 1 I 

FRIDAY 2722 

Diana Ross in 

Lady Sings 
the Blues 

75" 7:30 & 10:00 

Quiz 
Kid 

Corner 
An swer to TV Trivia Quiz 

c B av r wa played by Jerry Math rs 
d Beaver's parents played by Hugh BE'aumont .1110 

Barbara BI ll ingsley 
8 " You Asked for It " was sponsoled by Skippy PE'anut 

Butter 
9.a Steve McQueen got hIS start In " Wanted, Dead or 

Alive" 
b. He played th part of the bounty hunt r (Jo h 

Randall ) 
10. a. Mr Peabody's time machine was called Thf' 

Wayba ck Machine 
b. Dudley DoRight's Boss was Inspector renwick 
c. Rockey and Bullwinkle lived In Fro bite Falls, 

M innesota 
d. Their hometown pap r was The Picayune In-

telligence 
e. Natasha's last name was Fatale (Nogood nlk in early 

episodes) 
OK ! Time's up, and pencils down . H re's the answers f. and the moonmen were Gidney and Cloyd 

to last weeks Television Trivia Quiz . 11 . Father Knows Best? Can 't you just remember the 
1. Cosmo Topper's wife was named Henrietta . announcer saying " Robert Young and Jane Wyatt , with 
2. Pat's infamous jeep was known as Nelliebell Elinore Donahue, Billy Gray. and Lorin Chapin" ? 
3. Bob Keeshin played both Clarabelle the clown and 12. a. Tonto's horse was Scout 

Captain Kangaroo. b. Dale Evan 's horse was Buttermilk 
4.a. The Maverick Brothers were BMt and Bret (and a c. and Gene Autry'S horse was Champion 

third named Beau !) 13. The professor on the Alvin show was Clyde Crash-
b. " Luck was his companion; cup 
c. Gamblin was his game" 14. J Iminy Cricket taught you to spell "encyclopedia" 
S.a. Sky King's niece was named Penny 15. a . Rob and Laura Petrie played by DIck Van Dyke 
b. Sky's plane was named "Songbird" and Mary Tyler Moore 
&. The actor who played "The Invisible Man" on TV b. Their son's name was Richie 

was never identified (?)! c. his middle name was Rosebud 
7.a . Beaver's older brother was named Wally d. Buddy and Sally were Morey Amsterdam and Rose 
b. He was played by Tony Dow Marie. 

- ----...;......; __ ,;..._ .:....;:.:. _________ .... e. Carl Reiner played Allan Brady 

Music 
Classics in Review 

Perhaps I should begin this review by saying next time 
be sure to buy your tickets well before concert date. The 
presence of cellist Gregor Piatigorsky at a public 
concert was enough to sell out the house fully six weeks 
before concert time, as well it should . He presented a 
beautifully played and inspired concert with cellist 
Nathaniel Rosen and pianist Doris Stephenson under 
the auspices of the La Jolla Chamber Orchestra Recital 
Series . Although in semi-retirement and past 70 
Piatigorsky continues to turn wood into gold with hi~ 
elegant cello playing. 

The concert centered around Gian Carlo Menotti's 
(1911- ) Suite for two Cellos and Piano. This was 
written in honor of Piatigorsky's seventieth birthday, 
and was premiered last May 19 in Washington , D.C. by 
tht! sa me artists . This, then, was the West coast premiere 
of a pleasing and occasionally beautiful piece . 
Menotti writes in a melodic style that has seemingly 
be n forgotten by many of his contemporaries . 

Opening the concert was the two-cello arrangement 
of the one-cello Suite Italienne, which is an 
arrangement of Igor Stravinsky's (1882-1971) Pulcinella, 
itself based on themes of Pergolesi . The outcome has 
not weathered all this musical wear well, and the result 
is a bellicose dual for two cellos barely perceptable 
through the shower of horsehair and rosin . Fortunately, 
any doubts of ensemble among the performers was 
quickly dispersed by a delightful cello duo by Friedrich 
Kummer (1797-1879) and a deeply moving and dramatic 
account of the Brahms (1833-1897) E Minor Sonata for 

MOVIES 
SATURDAY - GYM 
THE ROLLING STONES 
Jlml HENDRIX 
OTIS REDDING 
JOE COCKER 
TRA FFIC & 20 OTHERS 

IN 
POPCORN 

CHUCK BERRY 
JAm ES BROWN 
SUPREmES 
JAN & DEAN WITH OTHERS 

IN 
THE 

T.A.M.I. SHOW 

f. and the Petries lived in ew Rochelle. Y 
1&. The girl who carried the billboard on the 

Hollywood Palace show was .. Racquel Welch GUlpl 
17 . " Whirleybirds" starred helicopters 
18. Zorro was played by Guy Williams 
19. The commander of the Jupiter-2 on " Lost In 

Space" was also played by Guy Williams. 
20. and Tom TerrifiC's Dog was Mighty Manfred. the 

wonder dog. 

An amazing number of entries were submitted and 
suprisingly enough, no one managed to get all 39 
possible answers correct. For the time being though. our 
Trivia Kings, with 36 correct answers were the team of 
Charlie Krohn and Rob Balmuth . Princes of the court of 
trivia with 34 correct answers were the team of Greg 
Cutter and Donald Lewis, and third place WIth 33 an-
swers goes to Teri M iller. 

Stay tuned to th is channel for future upcoming trivia 
contests and more . We'll be expecting our winners to 
defend their title in the near future. And now, back to 
our regularly scheduled program." 

Cello and Piano, Op . 38. Brahms. wrote two sonatas for 
cello and piano, in 18&5 and 188&. They present an 
interesting compari son between the highly structured 
work of a man of 32 and his more rhapsodic cou nterpart 
of 53 . Piatigorsky played the earlier work with poetry 
and drive, and only a greater contribut ion from Brahm's 
f irst love, the piano, could have improved the per-
forman ce. 

The concert cont inued with the Fantasy Pieces by 
Robert Schumann (181(}-1856). I have heard this piece 
played on several instruments, but never as successfully 
as this. Mr. Piatigorsky played them with the refulgent 
tone and mus ical insight that has characterized hi 
performances for half a century. 

Two short arrangements by Mr. Piat igorsky of pieces 

SATURDAY 2 722 

7:30 1.00 

W.U.S.A. 
with Paul Newman 

and 

Th L • arnlug 
Tr ....... 

P/ll~ 7 Tuton Tlm('\ 
()~t'mhl'r Ih. 1'11' ' 



Neil Young 
Rev';ew : TIME FAOfS 

.. .,,.. , AWAY· .JlIII'tl YOUNG 
. ' , . .... ~ .(8 .. ~ •• "21'S11 wftttI ~~ , -

_lOll,' : ~: . , ' .. . V .... : _··'kat, .~, '" f"'. . ... . .,... . , . .... • 
'. '.'.'1 J: ...... " .. : n. ullq • . "~;=" - , . 

" >- j ' J ~ ~:r " ..."'!' ~ " .~ ... ~I r . "".. • ~-' . .... :. ~ ..• " Dr_~··. :MI.· . ' · ... ........... . ! ' .... 
.. ~~.f " Qss~~~~ '~' ," ;~, ~",e "_·MM..::n1a'tYCX""cE¥H.(_""'~ •• / 8~a: · .. ·""'.~ :~, '"I:!.'! 
,F'resian Theatt;e, Wolfman · 'Jeck, ' WarrY' , SlIearer ~11"'.I) .,~. Cot Leve, H'&.-.......,. \leu ~ "N~: ......" , .... ~: ~, 
(Cr.edibitity Gap), 'l~w Irwin iEar\h News .and ·K{MV). tefl, ~,'~ We ... , MiRy _ ........ ..." steel pitar.> • 
and other notable "extras ." . ' .... • ....... " :". TfIdItM, ' M YIIiIIy" One. . Side two starts off with 

Giv'inB David Ossman the benefit of .the~ one .le- I_i. at; ~"21] . . Fqr ttiq~f! •. , who have the powerful "Don't lit 
C¥, safely say that he put" out a vatla'i1t ~ e¥fort in .' . DaveM<tSOl\ h'M p'ic~ed u~i right where he left'OH'wjtl;:' en'joye<! 'Neil YOu(\~'S work .J)eaied", an~ther highly 

~ingleAandedlv creating and direc'tin~ the late'St Firesi~n ~lONE lOGl~ AND ~A9KEm. Superbly .. He through the many phases in p~rsonal song ; " I ' m a 
""e;ltte .vemure, wpW .. T..- , fU'5 .. .LJ.o{ottutlately., tS a r'\lOst consIstent w"gw,flter and periormer, and this hiS' music ("Butfalo pa~per in a naked disgui se/ 
tbol.!Bh, DsSRlCln, falls notid~~bly shOO,of 'the. brilliant . .new album will er~ any deubts as to his venatility and S'pringfield':, CSN '& Y, · "" _ miliioll~ire ' through a 
pM¥ious .fir~p'albums-: Wti\ifta·the.i, z."Y:m~erial ~5' I' -~tv3 ;t;here ~f.e.;Kically three areas tQ be .It,wi~ ,"Cr/llY 'H9I'W':~ hiS new~st b\.lstn~sm~ ' s eljf!!5/, 8pt't 

,,' , '. ~.~~ ~'lo ~U\J w • .!or the:~ rtt:,piI,lS ;:'- - · in '~~.· mUlic.ai etfort )~ Mason : ,pet~ "-'a~,::~ f,. A~'" _ ...... 1...,',. ~ is. an ex-
.\ -~.~~£('.I. ~~aiJ '~¥iN·rtiy ' ) ' ,~,~.~~~t"~·f¥rics;' ~_ ' __ . _ wi~ .. ~I~ be' a diupy, . c'+"t .,,~ ·' ~t ' the 
. ·tti~f . . ...... . ' ; .. ' "" .... " .- \'e~e' '"sina .the . welr.e9fabltshed'; Hoe. ·ha€ku.,- , potn~ment . .Young . ~as tommer,9al .Jlfessures of 

+lOW nME R1'5.is a.n.offs'hoot of the qUa:5i-fl!Ju.n~ic tililents of S:essioQ-mei:l Jim Kettner on Drums and Carl d~i~ed to releaSe t.e beil')8 a p6p star. "Amer ica 
conc~pt in~iated by I T':'lNk wE'RE .At:l 'OZ'05 ~ Radle on bass along with Mason's pianist MatI( Jor.dan. seemi'ngly mandatory " live" is no place ·for an artist", 
1'MIs '-WUS.' .Either Fi1.esign Theatre has a fixation witll there is the delig~ul addition of Grah,,", Nash sheving , album . that is expected oi wrote Henry Miller in 1946 
the hame Mark, or there is a defiflite alt~~pt ~t ten- vocals, on 8Aa\' ft:tAsE,H(ADkEE.PfR., and .(\lin super'stars. Af~ !! r aU, and Young is making the 
tinuity; because Mark is th'e star of this record ami also WOMAN .. ln aROth~ stJrprise, Steve Wonder . aQds " Harvest" was the most s"me statement, today, 
appeared in BOZOS as a recruiter at the future fair for beautiful harmonica accompaniment on THE LONfLY popular album of 1972. He only refusing to get trapped 
people " who want to live outside the law of gravity and ONE. recently opened the by the pressures of being a 
who like to sleep in twos and push buttons; adventurers Then there is the melodic content of the album. There prestigious new Roxy " product ", instead of ap 
like you! " is a fine selection to choose from ; Mason 's love songs, nightclub in Los Angeles so artist . "The Bridge" is 

Mark in this new album is a space explorer who leaves songs of futility, and rockers run the full gamut of his claim to fame is widely another ballad that Young 
Earth in 1979 for " the then unknown" Planet X. He modern musical types. SIDE TRACKED is just about the recognized . Un like most performs on piano . The 
returns twenty years later to a changed planet and a first full Mason instrumental I have heard ; it shows off live albums, this one offers lyriCS are not espeCially 
changed society (or is it rea lly different???). The splendidly his except ional guitar work, hi s characteristic absolutely no previously inspired but the song is 
President is' now William D. Gazatchorn, who welcomes non-flashy, precise, sweet, lucid Stratocaster notes recorded material so we are saved by the vocal and 
Mark home in an October 1995 pre-programmed dancing all around you. The lyrics are not to be out- in for a short (on ly eight be aut i f u I har mo n i ca 
message, lauding him on a " tough steak, well done ." done, though, as shown in SILENT PARTNER: songs) album of various passages . 

Panoramaland 2000, a Waltsdeadnow Enterprises and 
Century 2000 Corporation Disneyland-like production, 
is springing up in Land fill, California. All the major relics 
of human civilization are collected in an approximately 
five square mile area, constantly changing and 
developing, adding to its assemblage of the Great Wall 
of China, Mt. Rushmore , the Eiffel Tower, and the Taj 
Mahal. 

Ossman also includes the standard, al~ost 
onomatopoeti c Firesig n Theatre phraseology to its 
utmost with vocabulary Ii ke Boltarama, Interloid Crystal 
Memory System, G. E. G. Loopholos, and Pegasus 
Dormicile Simulator. 

All in all, then , the necessary Firesign Theatre 
components are there, but d isproportionately and in a 
disjointed manner The choppy, computerized, robot-
like dialogues which were used so successfully in 
" BOZOS" are overdone on this album and the result is a 
confu ing muddle of incoherence sparked by an oc-
casional witty pun surfacing out of the mire. It 's just a 
passing phase, hopefu lIy. and I'm sure Firesign Theatre 
will bounce right back with their next album. 

If my memory serves rne correctly, I believe Procter 
and Bergman said the new album will be call ed THE 
ATTACK OF THE GIANT MANTRASUTRA, or som one 
like him . I'm really not sure, so, uh, don't quote me on 
it. 

NOW 
COOKIN' 
7 NIGHTS 
A WEEK 

BUCKWHEAT 
Everybody knows about the action at the 

Voyager on Friday nights 
But everybody doesn 't know about the action 

at the Voyagel lilt: Ic~ : of t~~ lime 
Wednesday through Sunday there's danCln ' 

and romancln' to tM sound of BUCKWHEAT . 
fresh from recording their new atbum "Hot Track " 

Monday and Tuesday, OLDIES BUT GOODIES 
brings back the hits of yesteryear. 

The mUSIC starts at 9 nightly Happy Hour5 III 7 
AI the friendly meehng-place with the bay windows 

~fel~ 
SHELTER ISLAND 

P.t/.w II 1IIInn limp " 
oV!'lllbl'r 1/, 1'17 ~ 

" It will change you, rearrange you, 
Gonna make you hard to take. 

Leave you feeling, that you're dealing, 
I n a world that's full of hate." 

The rhyming within the first and third lines of a stanza 
characterizes a few of Mason 's songs, and this always 
seems to add zest to the message he wants to put across. 

This fine album seems to be also an effort on Dave 
Mason's part to push the HEADKEEPER album out of the 
public eye and out of his mind completely . He had his 
differences with Blue Thumb records when they 
reJeased that album without his consent. Now, with the 
release of a new and much fuller version of the song 
HEADKEEPER along with the well-balan ced remainder 
of the record , he seems to be saying, "Now THIS is what 
I ca ll music." I heartily ~ecommend this album . 

Dance 
Modern Dance News 
frustrated UCSD dancers 

arise and unite! Your outlet 
has come, succor is at 
hand: The UCSD Mod ern 
Dance Club will ho ld ib 
organizatio na l meeting 
Tuesday. November 20 in 
the R creation Gym 
Conference Room, from 6 
to 7 pm . 

This infant organization 
eX ists now in name and 
funding only. but will 
ideall y be comprised of 
students. faculty, and staff 
inter st d in all asp ct of 
dance (c horeography, 
performance. li ghtin g, 
directing. watching, etc .) 

The Mod rn Dance Club 
will sponse r works h ops 
such as those presented by 
the Acme Dance Company 
earlier this quarter. Plans 
will be made Tuesday for 
add ition al workshops . 
week ly dance activity 

sessions and hopefully a 
gala " Evening pf Dance." 
This " Evening" will be a 
presentation of stud ent 
works and performances by 
t h e physical education 
dance la sses. the 
recreation c lasses. and the 
various dance cl ubs already 
in existen e ' The Folk 
Danc Club, The American 
I olk lJanceCiub, The Israeli 
Folk Dance Club, 
Polynesian Dance. 

Dancer - w must find 
one another on this campus 
overrun with pre-meds! Cast 
off tho te hirt . gird up 
thy loins with leotards and 
str tch the mu sc les of 
dance! We must dan ce 
victorious! Whilt hpt tPf w ay 
than the UCSD Modern 
Dance Club? Tuesday. 
For more information ca ll 
Renee, ext. 2286 or Juliana, 
453-9479. 

Artist 
Consultants 

AND KFMB PRESENTS 
* ARLO GUTHRIE * 

SUN. NOV. 18- 7:30 PM 
Community Concourse Golden Hall 

Tickets:$5.50, 4.50, 3.50 
Civic Theatre Box Office, Highlander 

Men's Storesl Metro Agencies 

new material. It is in " Yonder Stands the 

The title cut starts tbings 
off with a solid rhythm 
backing by the masterful 
" Stray Gators" . The 
"Gators" really shine on this 
on . a tune remini ent of 
Young's "The Losing End" , 
The next track is definitely 
one of the album 's 
highlights; th theme song 
from Young's yet-to -b -
released film. " Journey 
Through the Past" The 
Iyri s are lear ly 
autobiog r ap hi ca l a nd 
amo ng his most poetic. 

Things ar n't too bad 
with "L.A.". a tribute to that 
"uptight city in the smog", 
it' s just that Young did it a II 
before in th uperior song. 
"Everybody Knows This Is 
Nowhere" . The last ong on 
the side, " Love in Mind", 
was record d two year ago. 
and for reason s unknown 
was left off of " Harvest" . It 's 
a delicate song of that 
c lass ic feelin g of 'wanting 
somebody to love', and 
Young's pleading vocal and 
piano work make it a 
beautiful performan c . 

Sinner" and "Last Dance" 
that things begin to fali 
apart . The first song is a 
definite turkey, so naturally 
Young gives it his wor I 
recorded vocal. The latter 
(which has the dubious 
honor of bein g recorded in 
San Di ego) is so bad its 
re l ea e i s inex u able. 

p cially sin ce vastl\ 
uperior songs . by Young 

have yet to be on an album 
i .e . "Sugar M ountain" 
The e two songs. are 
definitely two of the 
sloppiest songs Young hat 

ver done . Hi r cenl 
app aran ce at the Roxy ir 
'A was equally tepid . HII 
show consisted of all new 
o ng from hi s forth oming 

" Tonight's the Night" LP. 
and was really embaras ing 
as he proceed d to gel 
t oned out of his mind 

onstage . Hopefull y the 
recent reconcilliation with 
C, S & N will brin g Young up 
to h is previou stand ards 
and all four of th em will do 
so m ethin g th ey 've been 
neglect ing lately. making 
the good music they are 
capab le of. 

Executive Action 
Continut?d from Page 6 
Po ts rip!. Executive Action was conceived a a two 
part package. the other part being a booklet containing 
181 footnotes and citatio ns that outlin the conspiracy 
theory . The booklets had not arrived yet at the Valley 
Circ l Theater, where th fi lm i ' howing in San Diego, 
when I was there last Saturday . They are being given to 
audiences in L.A .• and you can probably get one for 
yourself by wr iting National G n ral Pi ture in Los 
Angeles. 

Classics Con't from pg. 7 
by Debussy (1862-1918) and De Falla (1876-1946) closed 
this lengthy and marvelous concert. They showed just 
how successfu l sensitive arrangements can be. 

An unprogrammed addition began the concert. It waS 
Piatigorsky's own Prayer for Unaccompanied cello, 
played in respect to the late Pablo Casals . 

Those who were able to attend the concert can attest 
to a mernorable musical event. Recitals of this quality 
should not be missed. But you' ll have to plan ahead . 

..".-----.-----.... 

John Ford, Tn his flrsl 
color film 

ClIlMALIO 
thrtHI W. C. RtJlds shorts 

(inca/or] 
6:00 and 9:20pm 

- plus-

Drums Along The Mohawk Leurtll & Hllrd¥ Tn 
I 19391n color] 
7:25pm only Going Bye Bye 

944 GARNET. SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNtA 92109 • (714) 488-3353 

The Energy Crisis 

Goodman. To Speak On Petroleum U e 

Model of underwater " test tube" to be used in con-
trolled pollution experiment is demonstrated by the 
three Scripps scientis ts taking part. From left to r igh , 
Drs . Osmund Holm-Han sen, John R. Beers , and William 
H. Thomas. Fu ll-size "test tubes" will be 33 feet in 
diameter and almost 100 feet deep, enclosing 2,350 to ns 
of seawater in which a lgae and plankton will be grown 
under controlled pollution conditions. 

by Bob Nau 

Current approaches to the so-called "energy risi " 
may have dire consequences in their effects on th 
synthetic chemical industries. according to Murray 
Coodman. Professor of Chemistry and Provost of 
Revelle College. Dr. Goodman. who speCializes in 
synthetic organic chemistry. will speak on th iS subject 
next Monday night at 8:00 in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. His talk will be entitled "Are Synthetic 
Molecules Good For Us?" and is sponsored by the 
Guest-in-Residence Committee. 

Many people may be unaware of the role petroleum 
plays as the basis for the synthetic chemical products 
which have become so vital to both the industrial and 
domestic sectors of our economy. Synthetic fibers . 
plastics and elastomers, pharmaceuticals, and cou ntless 
oth er mainstays of ou r elevated material existence are 
created by performing chemical transformations on the 
long chains of carbon and hydrogen (hydrocarbons) 
which are the molecules comprising "petrol eum." Such 
diverse products as nylon, aspirin, and phonograph 
records are all made from petroleum. (I n fact. the 
record industry has already begun rationing vinyl , and 
this has been reflected locally in the piecemeal 
production of the KGB "Homegrown" album .) 

However. in the United States and most other in -
dustrial nations of the world today only about five to 
ten percent of the total petroleum consumed is used for 
synthetic chemical purposes. The rest is Simply burned 
to provide energy in automobiles, electric power pia nts . 
jet airplanes, factories, and home furnaces . The 

Controlled Pollution Experiment 
Three ScripPS scienti ts 

are participating in studies 
at Saanich Inlet, off 
Vancouver Island. B.C., to 
help forecast lon g-term 
effects of pollutants on 
marine life should these 
continueto be added to the 
world oceans at the present 
rate . 

Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography has received 
two National Science 
Foundation (NSF) gra nts 
through the Office of the 
International Decade of 
Ocean Exploration totalling 
$ 186.300 to take part in th e 
project. 

The three San Diego 
investigators are Drs . John 
R. Beers, 0 mund Holm -
Hansen. and William H. 
Thomas of the Scrip ps-
based, Univer ity of 
Ca lifornia Institute of 
Marine Resources' Food 
Chain Research Group. 

They are part of an in-
ternational team of 
researchers from seven 
oceanographic orga n-
Izations that will 
con duct a Con trolled 
Ecosystem Pollution Ex-
periment (CEPEX) as part of 
N SF's I nternational Decade 
of Ocean hploration 
program. 

NSF has awarded seven 
research grants totalling 
$1 .276,400 to four U.S. 
institutions for the first two 
years of CEPEX. The ex-
periment has a projected 
total cost of $6 mi ll ion over 
a six-year period . 

"C EPEX is designed 10 
help man leitrn the long-
term effects of po II u ta nts 
on marine life and to 
forecast what the world 
oceans would be like in the 
year 2000, if pollutants 
continue to be added at the 
present rate." the Scripps 
scientists said . 

"Since plankton are at 
the base of the marine food 
pyramid . CEPEX will in-
ve tigate the effect su b-
lethal doses of chemical 
pollutants have on plankton 
communities. 

" To do this scientists 
want to contain natural 
populations of plankton in 
an enclosure which will not 
disturb their normal growth 
and development" . they 
explained. 

Plankton are tiny. often 
microscopic, drifting plants 
(phytoplankton) and 
animals (zooplankton) n 
the oceans that are used as 
food by fish. 

Case Existological 

Laboratories, Victoria, B.C., 
responding to these needs. 
designed a large, flexib Ie . 
plastic, underwater "test 
tube" . The container, which 
is 10 meters (about 35 feet) 
wide and 30 meters .( about 
98 feet) deep, is called a 
Contro lled Experimental 
Ecosystem Enclosure . It is 
suspended from the su rface 
like an up-t!nded si lo-open 
to the atmosphere, but 
closed at the bottom . 

For the major studies. 
which are scheduled to 
begin in September. 1974. 
six enclosures will be linked 
together in a honeycomb 
pattern and moored in 
Saanich I nlet. Each en-
c lo sure will hold in 
isolation about 2,350 tons 
of water for the duration of 
experiments . 

One-quarter-scale models 
of the test tubes were in -
sta ll ed in the Inlet during 
the past summer. They were 
supported by a moored 
float and then filled with 
pumped water with its 
entrapped population of 
marine plant and animal 
life. 

Dr. Thomas recently 
returned from Vanc.ouver 
Isla nd, where he conducte d 
tests on the models. "These 

engineering and biologic al 
tests were quite successfu I." 
he said . 

Before the fu II-scale 
enclosures are used, Drs . 
Thomas and Holm-Hansen, 
co-i nvestigators . wi \I 
conduct b ioassays at 
Scripps to test the effects of 
pollutants on small-volu me 
algal cultures and natu ra I 
population s of 
phytoplankton . 

Algal cu Itures from th e 
Inlet and phytoplankton 
from the waters off Scripps 
Pier in La Jolla, will be 
u til ized for the bioassays. 
" The difference in com-
position of the samples 
from La Jolla and the Inlet 
should not affect . the ap-
plication of our findings for 
Saanich In1et studies ," said 
Dr. Holm-Hansen . 

After the bioassays are 
completed. the scientists 
will add controlled amou nts 
of pollutants, such as heavy 
meta Is , pesticides . and 
petroleum hydrocarbons to 
the trapped columns of 
water at the I nlet. and will 
stu dy thei r effect 0 n th e 
marine life in the en-
closures. 

Dr. Beers. principal 

Con 't on pg. 11 

USE _ • • Your Academic Mtd S,." Employ ... Credl, Union 

Miramar Rd. 
Lyman Ave. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 
YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 

USECU 
OFFICE 

To San Diego 

Office hours are 9 :00 am to 5:30 pm daily, 
Monday through Friday, Phone 453-5620. 

UNIVERSITY & [][] r= r2 
STATE EMPLOYEES 2.J L5 

CREDIT UNION 
OF SAN DIEGO 

Lyman Ave. It Mi,,"* Rd, La Jolla 92037 - Ph 453-5620 
••• " Mttd r •• St, ••• , S8n O,eso '2110 - "..."..191113. 
Sit. Co".,_ A •• nu., S." 0' •• 0 t" IS - ~. i'16- .~ I O 

complex hydrocarbon mol cul('<; whl(h WNt' ,low ly ,Inri 
laboriously put tog ther OVf'r mil"on~ of yeilr" ME' b t' ln ),: 
OXldil d In a flash ba ck to (arbon c!ioXIc!t' (Inc! W<111'r 
merely to recover pnE'rgy 

The irony of th situation IS that wE' have al tE'rnallvl' 
means available to genera te electriCity. providE' hE'at . 
and move things around. but we do not have anothel 
plentiful chemical base for our equally important 
synthetic products If we continue to rely on 
petroleum as a primary en rgy source. it will run out in 
the not-too-distant future The energy industries will 
then simply turn over to nuclear or other means of 
generating power. perhaps even at a lower cost than 
today's oi l-fi red generators. but t he petrochemical 
industri es will be forced to u e tedious . energy-
consuming methods to synthesize hydrocarbons and 
other complex organic molecules from elemental 
carbon . 

The burgeoning oil industry has traditionally con-
sidered sou rces of mining. techniques of transportation . 
and complexities of refin in g for fue l production to be 
the principal ingredients of their industry . The fact that 
th e marve llously comple x petroleum molecul s could 
be more efficiently used as starting points fo r valuable 
chemical t ransformatio ns has been only a secondary 
consideratio n. 

Thus today's " oil industry " is almost synomymous 
with energy production. Petroleum is curren t ly our 
biggest Single source of energy. with the burning of oil 
accounting for fully forty percent of energy production 
in the United States. Current proposals for dealing with 
th e energy crisis ca ll for that proportion to be ma in -
tained as far into the future as world petroleum 
resources will bear, which means that the rate at wh ich 
we are burning petroleum w i ll continue to increase with 
total energy consumption. 

Dr. Goodman feels that the oil industry should be 
reorganized so as to separate petroleum development 
from energy production . Although for as long as it lasts 
petroleum may contin ue to be the most convenient 
available energy source. it VoOuld be far more sensib Ie if 
we begin immediately turnmg to other sources. 
Petroleum resources could thus be increasingly reserved 
for a " molecule industry" which would concentrate on 
performing the most socia lIy beneficial transformations 
on the hydrocarbon molecules. and the remaining 
reso Irces ofthe existing oil industry would become part 
of a broadly-based " energy industry" which would 
develop non-petroleum sources. -

Dr. Goodman is apprehensive that the attention being 
focused on immenent energy shortages is being used as 
a lever to hasten the incorporation into energy 
production of our remaining petroleum reserves. The 
Alaska pipeline measure , which was stalled for several 
years by environmentalist lobbying. has suddenly been 
passed by lopSided ma jo rities in both hGv:.es of 
Congress, now that the economic implications of energy 
shortages are being pointed out. Similarly, the ad-
min istration has just called for a renewal of offshore 
drilling. which had flagged in the wake of the Santa 
Barbara disaster. Although the recent controversy over 
developing these resources has centered on ecologica l 
issues, in the long run our bitterest regret may be that 
we prematurely squandered them on energy production 
when they might have been put to a better use. 

It is thus increasingly important that in our decisions 
concerning the allotment of our petroleum resources we 
consider the larger situation of our future, instead of 
exploiting a "crisis" situation to promote hasty 
legislation aimed at short- term economic relief. Such 
decisions made under the gun are prec isely what we 
don't need at a time when farsighted planning is more 
necessary than ever if we are to keep our powerfu I 
technology from working to our detriment . 

The production and consumption of energy is the 
very foundation of modern society. and in the years to 
come we will become still more rel iant on our energy 
sources to keep us moving forward . However. there are 
many ways to produce energy, and some make more 
sense than others in the context of the total societal 
picture. In the case of petroleum. it would appear that 
the greatest benefit to society per molecule will be 
obtained by taking advantage of the natural complexity 
of the e molecules and transforming them into other 
u ful compounds. rather than burning them uP. and 
looking el ewh re for ource of enerJ;:Y. 

In his talk thi coming Mondaynight Dr Goodman 
will elaborate on the e points and illustrate them with 
sp ci fi c examples. tres·- ing alt rnative su h as olar 
and l u ion pow r. The Importance of thl issue cannot 
beo. re timated. an d th > UCSD commun ity is urged to 
attend 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITiES thru HYPNOSIS 

D.RA"OW 211 -4581 

Pag!' 9 Triton T imp\. 
o"pmhPr 1f>. 1<}71 



Basketball and· Faith 

UNTITLED VII 

o 
R 
T 
S 

by M41rk Lisb 
An impressive basketball 

game, laden with cou 13 ge 
and talent, was played 
Wednesday night in the 
UCSD gym . 

Leagues Alive and Well 

It was the first basketball 
game of the new season for 
the Tritons and they looked 
great. They moved the ball 
well and executed their 
plays many times to per-
fection . Their defense was 
superb, although they were 
playing a very superior 
team which had many years 
of experience on the you ng 
Tritons. They appeared to 
be a bit nervous, or suf-
fering from first-game blues 
and missed a number of 
shots that they would 
normally make. However, 
the game was a good one, 
there was large crowd and 
the cheerleaders were there 
performing. All in all it 
looks like a better than ever 
year for the Tritons. 

1M Football Playoffs 
Through midterms, 

papers, "Dear John" letters 
and life, the Intramural 
Football juggernaut rolls 
on . During each daily 
Armageddon, killer in -
stincts are appeased , 
frustrations are vented and 
mayhem is rechanneled . 

Though some claim that 
God is alive and well and 
can be seen wearing black 
and white-striped shirts on 
the UCSD fieid, others have 
found it in their hearts to 
give a more malevole nt 
characterization for the 
poor arbiters . 

Nero would miss only the 
lions, as the UCSD Circus 
Maximus provides all types 
of entertainment; cam ivai, 
mortal , tragic, moral , and 
comical- usually in com-
bination . 

Where else but on the 1M 
grid iron cou let. one see 
chivalry, alive but on the 
endangered species list, 
Neo-Renaissance masks and 
Neo-Neanderthal charac-

teristics all combined in 
one big show? 

World War I or II, for one 
reason or another, will be 
able to get a taste of what it 
was like weekends from 10 
a.m . onwards on the field 
between Revelle and Mur 
colleges. 

The story of the game lies 
in UCSD's opponents, the 
Atletes in Action . One must 
tru Iv admire their mission, 

More importantly, the 
best of all of the above will 
soon be matched in a 
struggle to the death , 
usually called " The 
Playoffs." 

The league of Spiro looks 
tough, even though the 
Baboons went undefeated . 
Three Spiro teams will make 
it into the playoffs. 

F rom the other less hyper . 
leagues, one represen tative, 
hopefully the best team, 
from each league will sally 
forth to do battle for the 
hand of the fair maiden; (or 
whatever the grand prize 
will be this year) . 

Triton Wrestlers 
Host Tournament 

UCSD City inhabitants, 
bourroughs Drake, Tioga, 
Argo, et . aI. , are en-
couraged to attend, and pre 
med majors should be able 
to find a wide range of 
app lications for their 
blooming talents among the 
carnage. 

Those of you who missed 

All day tomorrow the 
main gym will be fu II of 
those muscle-bound hereos 
of wrestling doing their 
things. The Tritons will be 
hosting ten teams trom all 
over the state, including 
NCAA champions Cal State 
San Diego. This match will 
undoubtedly be one of the 
most interesting tour-
naments of the season. 
Begin ning at 11 :00 a.m., 
you can watch 100 matches 
non-stop all day. Each 
match will be an exhibition 
of hot and heavy wrestling 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD. OF sounD 

SAVE OVER $lOG!! 

for three full minutes . 

As for the general 
outlook of the Tritons th is 
year - Coach Pat Tinkerton 
feels optimistic. But since 
there are only a few 
returning wrestlers, - Leroy 
McNair, Curtis Tom and 
NAIA & AII-Cal champ Jorge 
Correa - a great deal of the 
team 's success lies with the 
freshmen. Amoung these 
newcomers watch for 
Richard Salompessy, John 
Farley, Jose Cueto, Don 
Jenning and Chris Cap~lIe . 

On this complete StereoSrstetn 
FEATURING 

.KENWOOD 
MODEL 2300 KENWOOD RECEIVER ... , '199'5 
GARRARD 42M CHANGER ..................... 49'5 
SHURE M75E CARTRIDGE .................... 34'5 
GARRARD B1 BASE ............................... 5'5 
2 INTERAUDIO 2000 SPEAKERS ........... 15722 

LIST PRICE '44802 

WRIGHT'S 'ar -SPECIAL SALE PRICE ........ 
Complete system includes FREE 5'year protection plan. connecling cables & wires. 

Pag 10 Triton Tim 
Nov mb r 16, 1973 

to play basketball and bring university and college 
their success to the people . teams across the nation. 
These basketball players are Not only do they play, but 
sponsored by the Campus they play well, winning 
Crusade for Christ In - about 50% of their games. 
ternational group. They They have beaten such 
tour the country (and they schools as the University of 
certainly do, havin g Southern California, Kansas 
travelled 35,000 miles and Slate and Brigham Young 
playing 40 games in front of University. Under the 
120,000 spectators in the 
course of a year) playin g con't. on PI. 11 

Swimmers Face 
Invitational 

Today and tomorrow will 
find the LX:SD Women's 
Swim Team up at the UC 
Santa Barbera Invitational 
in a final tune-up for the 
SCWAIC Championships to 
be held here December 1. 

This year's team has fared 
. well against teams with 
. such well -known ex-
Olympians as Da n 
Schoenfield, Ann Simmons 
and Kathy Moe, and it is 
Coach Becker's feeling that 
his girls will be in the thick 
of things in the up-<:oming 
events . 

T he two ex-Na tio nal 
ranked swimmers (Terri 
Fowler and Sue Starcevic) 
have fared well in com-

petition, but the surprises 
have come from the 
unknown girls on the team. 

Leading this year's team 
with the most points scored 
in the meets is Sheryl Stack, 
a 5'3" sophomore from La 
Habra. 

SurpriSing times have 
also been turned in by 
Diane Harvey, laurie Sinon 
and Maury Bandurraga, but 
more important is the effort 
put in by all of the giris on 
the team . 

There is only one more 
event at home this year, 
and this is the Cham-
pionships. Among the ten 

con't. on PI. 11 

Lighting V andaliz~d 
With tennis courts at a veritable premium at UCSD, it 

seems a shame that some people find time to go out of 
their way to lessen the n umber of courts which can be 
used by everyone at night. 

Yet, this is exactly what has been happening . Some 
unknown person or persons are responsible for com-
pletely ripping off (litera Oy) a switch which turns on the 
lights for at least one court . The person or persons have 
also tampered with the power boxes for the lights on 
numerous occasions . 

If such actions are allowed to continue unchecked, 
the big losers will be everyone who enjoys playing 
tennis at night, and this probably inclucles most people 
on campus. . 

Therefore, If you experience diHiculty with the 
lighting on the court you are using, PLEASE, do not 
tinker with the switches or power boxes by the courts . 
Instead, notify a PE staH member, and an attempt will 
be made to reniedy th is situation . 

If you notice anyone tampering with the switches, 
power boxes or lights in any way, try to convince them 
to stop, and if this does not succeed, report it im-
mediately to the PE staH or campus authorities . 

The lights onc" went out in New York City-we hope 
they will not nave'lo go out here at UCSO. 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

COLOR PROUSSIMG BV ElSTMAN lOOAl< 
SALES· R'P~IRS· TRADES 

DISCOUNT PltlaS 
~"IALISr:s IN CANON ,.UOTOitRAPUIC SysraMS 

ON" 0' TN. , ... _ST . .... erION ~ __ 
Eau"lfI.m "'NI> IIINUS - , .... w.- _ 

,.~/C.""-.. 

I 458-'555 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
T'TI'T H .Y '<VI! . IFr u ~kl"9l" 1M ~) l'" ')OLLJI. 

Letters to the Editor 
Continued from P. 5 

Kodak Ad 
movement ." It strikes me 
that in order to present a 
"balanced presentation of 
viewpoints" the Triton 
Times surely must pass on 
such ads to the students. 
After all, many UCSD 
students will join large 
co rporations after 
graduation, and the T.T. is 
also meant for these 
students . After one reads 
the editorial page, it is hard 
to believe that the paper is 
making a " swerve to the 
right ." Ads urging students 
to join corporations and 
stee r the corporations 
towards the goals of the 

Continued from Page 7 

students is not "right wing 
propaganda," it is a 
statement to the students to 
work for what they feel is 
right even after graduation . 

Gregory S. Hostetler 

Christian 
De-emphasis 
Editor: 

I am writing in objection 
to Christian Emphasis 
Week . My objection is 
twofold against (1) the 
promotion of, and (2) the 
emphasis of , Christian 
Emphasis Week. 

I can think of to pay Pamela Pascoe than to say that she 
was Lilly Sabina, and the audience loved every second 
of her performance . 

It is unfair to slight any of the fine actors and ac-
tresses who tumed in such enjoyable characterizations 
under the master guidance of Arthur Wagner, and you 
wou Id not be able to appreciate their skill nor the tru e 
genius of Thornton Wilder by reading of them in this 
column. 

UCSD possesses an excellent drama department, and 
they are presenting a masterpiece of theatre which will 
end its run this weekend at the UCSD Theatre. Curtain 
time is at 8:00 PM, and the pleasure you will receive 
from witnessing this odyssey of Man is well worth the 
slight price of admission. See it. 

Opening this weekend is another smash comedy, 
Happy Birthd4ly, Wanda June, the author of which, Kurt 
Vonnegut, Jr. , many of you will recognize from such 
great nove~ as Cat's Cradle, God Bless You, Mr. 
Rosewater, and Slaughterhouse No. S. Wanda June 
opens November 15 thru 18 and continues the 22 thru 
25 at the Puppet Theatre in Balboa Park, with an 8:30 
PM curtain . 

The group presenting Vonnegut's high ly acclaimed 
adu lt farce bills themselves as "The San Diego Living 
Theatre, a newly-formed C<Xlperative theatre en-
semble", which is a fancy name for a repertory com-
pany. Due to the noticable paucity of professional 
theatres (the only one is the Off Broadway, which uses 
the Star System, and does not rely heavily on San Diego 
acting talent) in San Diego, the Living Theatre will be a 
welcome addition to the entertainment facilities of the 
city . 

If the Living Theatre can supply the normally high 
caliber of theatre we have come to expect from such 
theatres as The Old Globe, The Mission Playhouse, and 
The Off Broadway, it will deserve the support of the 
citizens. of San Diego, a nd wi II be a decided blessin,g t? 
the actors of San Diego in terms of being paid for their 
work . The play is, under the direction of Michael Kelly. 

Tickets for Wanda June are available by calling 284-
8483, and run $3.00 for adults, $2.50 for students and 
military, and $1 .50 for children. However, Wanda June 
is not recommended for those under seventeen. 

Who has authoriz d this 
debacle? The title sounds 
official-- is it the University 
that has proclaimed this 
week? It seems unlikely, but 
if so, the University is out of ' 
order- it is a violation of 
regUlations to promote or 
sponsor religious or 

makes you think. do sn't it? 
About White men. 

(FUR OBVIOUS REASONS, 
I'D RATHER YOU DIDN'T 
PRINT MY NAME: 

Mary A. Banner 

political organizations. It is r-----------, 
more reasonable to assume 
that a group of self -
righteous Christians 
proclaimed CEW. If so, by 
making the title so of-
ficious, they are purposely . 
deceiving people with a 
false pretense of "oHicial" 
sanction- a very Christian 
thing to do. It smacks of the 
same good Christian zeal 
that has brought the White 
House its present notoriety. 

A more benevolent and 
toleranl (re member 
Tolerance?) attitude would 
have been to declare a 
" Religious Emphasis Week," 
but these people were so 
full of Christian love and 
brotherhood as to exclude 
Jews, Moslems, Buddhists, 
Agnostics, etc., from the 
name of their seven sacred 
days. But of course, those 
heathens and savages are 
full of the Devil , and just 
might have messed up the 
works . 

More signifigantly, I 
object to emphasizing 
Christianity . Are they 
emphasizing Christian 
history (the crusades and 
inquisition are marvelous 
examples)? Or do they 
emphasize Christian Values 
(love thy neighbor--only if 
he's of your faith)? Or 
perhaps Christian theology 
(which has given us the 
concept of original sin-a 
millstone for mankind as a 
collective gui It complex, 
and for the individual man 
an almost unbearable 
burden of being by nature 
wicked , depraved, and 
evi l)? Maybe they are 
emphasizing enlightened 
Christian moral and sexual 
standards. 

Emphasizing Christianity 
to the exclusion of equally 
valid and valuable religions 
and philosophies I find to 
be offensive and op-
probrious. With this in 
mind, I propose that the 
entire month of December 
be declared " Non-Christian 
Emphasis Month" . 

Robert D. Caldwell 

Watergate 
Dear Editor : 

Among all those people 
involved in the Watergate 
scandals, have you ever 
thought how many of them 
are women? Or Blacks? Or 
Browns? Or Yellows? It 

Tennis? 
All Tennis Court 

Reservations are made on 
the Hour. I f the cou rt is not 
occupied within 15 minute 
waiting period, they are 
open on a First-Come-F rst 
served basis . For reser-
vations call Ext . 2284 . 

Swimmers 
teams that will be com-
peting will be UCLA, UCS, 
SDSU and UCSB.' 

It should be an exciting 
event with 200 girls 
competing for the gold . 
Admission is free and it is 
hoped that UCSD will show 
up and support its women's 
team . 

Coach Becker is look in g 
for volunteers to help with 
scoring, timing, and other 
necessary tasks at th is meet. 
If anyone is interested, 
please contact him at the 
PE office or call ext. 2276. 

Untitled 
coaching of Jimmy King, 
who just arrived on thE' 
scene in the last year, the 
team appears to be heading 
for even more success. 
Their game is very 
reminiscent of the Bulls, 
slow, patient and setting up 
their shot . Their biggest 
advantage is that they very 
rarely miss a shot - an 
advantage for any team . 

The big story of the game 

Last Friday 's 
Solution 

f(~(Jr 7ZI.Rltll{-1Klet up:;, 
JII'~/i,!! 6tis Ii .. 
~IILL US at .5'/;1.-91),1.. 
IINO JOIN' f.(~l.£ 

IS what takes place at 
halftime . Some of th 
players get out on the court 
and reveal to the specta tors 
the ir te sta monies con-
ce rning their Christian 
beliefs. If you have even 
gotten in front of a crowd 
(not a very friendly one at 
that as many witnessed at 
the gam ) alone, with a 
microphone. and started 
tell ing the audience how 
you accepted a belief , no 
matter what kind of belief it 
is whether it be Chr i tianity 
or Buddha or whatever. it 
takes a lot of courage . 
Credit mu st be give n to 
those guys who stood out 
there in front of us all and 
told us how it was fo r them 

As a result of their fine 
showing, AlA won the 
game, a special award is 
being presented . The 
Untitled Department is 
hereby awarding another 
" No-Prize", this one to the 
whole AlA organization and 
their fine effort Wednesday 
night and all the nights that 
any of their team s be it 
basketball , gymnast ics , 
track or weightlifting, 
perform . 

Experiment 

i nvestigator for Scrip ps' 
other CEPEX research gra nt. 
will monitor the 
development of the 
population of micro-
zooplankton, wh ich he said 
" include the smallest 
aquatic grazing animals " 
and are possibly an m-
portant component of the 
food web that will develop 
in the test tubes. 

The pollutants to be 
studied and the con-
centrations used will be 
determined by a Chemic al 
Ad visory Com m i tte e 
composed of scientists from 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

'2.75 per page 

Send 101 YOlir UP-I~dalt. l6G-patt. 
mail order Cllllo,. Enclose $1.00 
10 car.., pOS111t (delivery time is 
1 10 2 days). 
RES£A/I'::H ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 ~tLSHIRE BlVD .• SUITE #2 

LOS ANGELES. CAliF. 90025 
(213) 477-8474 or 47]·5493 

OUr ' .... 'ch mattrlli ll told fof 
"'March .. ~'tlfK' onl,. 

!hl:' UI1I ! PCj ~ t .lt t" ,l nd 
(an da 

Plan\ (il li for U'll1g 10\'\1 
level ; of pollu!,lnt' . \\ h I~ h 
will not be morE' Ih.1I1 t h.1t 
allowed In drinking \\ .lll 'r 
by th e World Ht'.l lt h 
Organization 

When an eXJ)E'rinwnt I ' 
completed. thp rl:'lE'a~p of 
poll uta nts from th€' total 
volume of 14,000 ton\ of 
water in the enclow r€'~ will 
have no significant E'/fPC! 
on the fivp billion ton ~ of 
water In Saanich Inlet 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

live music 
9:00 1:30 

'.15 beer 
4629 Cass St. 

CAMPIJS 
I'l10...----''''''1 TRAV[::L SERVICE 

UCSD International Center 
Next to Gallery 8 

See Bill Keller, 452-O~ 
10-12 am, 2-5 pm, Mon. thru Fri . 
Fly Christmas 

(UCSD Cha--· .... 
Round Trips 

NEW YORK $170 Dec . 14 
LA/ New York Jan. 1 
TIA DC-8 

CHICAGO $145 
LA/Chicago 
American 707 

Dec . 14-
Jan . 1 

THE BAHAMAS $160 
lA/Freeport (,1ec. 14 
llA DC-8 Dec. 29 

Available only to UCSD students, faculty, staff 
and their immediate tamilies 

Also 
Tripoing Magazine. Ski Trips 
Interndtlonal Student 1.0. card , 
Youth Hostel Cards, Group travel arranged 
Eurail Passes, Passport Applications, 

Page 11 Tnton Tlmt'~ , 
ovemtlf'r 16, 197'\ 



.. 

.....r-------------------announcements----......... 
friday 

sh studenta .,. Invited to 
Join us for w.lcomlng the 
ShabNt. for dinner. on Fri. nov. ,. 
• p.m.. Upper B .. ke Loung • . 
111/1111 

TheN will not be en l~eI 
Club .. tllerlng mIs Fri. Nov. Mth. 
but atudents ere Invhed to the 
Gellerv 1 C.-.ft Show that nItIht. 
111/111 

Ftt. Nov. 1. I:a "..,... C8f 
C..-t of Nordl Indlen c ...... 
mueIc feeturtne Aehleh KMn. 
_roIII. ~I Shah •• rnbou .. 
p .. ~K .. n .... s~by 
the Music D.partm.nt .nd the 
C.mpus Programming Board . 
111/111 

USCD PHILOSOPHY 
COLLOQUIUM Arthur M .... lck 
will be apeaklng on SybJ!cta .nd 
Predlc.tH 2:311. Rwelle FOriM. 
Loung •• Nov. 1 •• 1173 111/111 

PRE-MEDSI & THOSE IN-
TERESTED IN HEALTH SCIEN-
CESI Pr.-M.d Club m .. te Frld . 
Nov. lIst 7 p .m. In BSBl108 (Mad 
School! Come and talk with Dr. 
Gery m.nchest.r. s w.1I known 
San DI.go plastic .urgeon • • nd 
with Dr. J.ckl. Wilson. N.xt 
quarter' s .v.nts will .Iso b. 
dlscuMad so dem't ml .. It I (11/1111 

saturday 
ColI.ge Faculty and Student 

D.y Bet. Nov. 17th. .t ThIrd 
Coil ... DOf'm Ar ... All you can 
.. t for 71 c.nta 12 noon to II:GO 
p.m. G.m ... muelc. and tour-
nementa. 11111., 

sunday 

MORE DUPUCATE BRIDGEII Due 
to Incredlbl. .ucc.... UCSD 
BrId .. club witl continue to hold 
Ita duplicate bride. 118m.. on 
Sun. nlgMa .t 7:GO p.m. In the 
1'_1 .. North DIning Hell. More 
cook... .nd cider. AN brldg. 
p"ye,. welcOf'n.-coma sing I. or 
p.lr. For Info -- Berry 7Ii6-~ 
111/111 

United Campus Mlnl.try Studant 
S.rvlces Rev.11e Formal Lounge 
Sundey. at 10:00 a.m.(11/1111 

Sun Nov. 11. 8:00 p.m. 401 MC Le 
Joli. ClviclU nlv.ralty Symphony 
COFFEE CONCERT a.rIy M.hler 
.ong. with Bev.rly Ogdon. 
.opnlno accompanied by K.lth 
Humbl • • plano; .nd Mahl.r·s 
Quartat for Plano and Strings 
with Eug.ne Gratovlch violin . 
Martin Kaman. viole. P.ter F.rr.lI. 
•• 110. Kalth Humb". plano.(1111111 

Gaoffr.y Symcox • • m.mb.r of 
the D.pt. of Hlatory. UCLA. will 
.p •• k on " Th. Influ.nc. of 
Politic. I Factors on tha Urb.n 
Hlatory of Turin. 1lIII0-1100.'' In rm 
&001. Bldg. 20. on Fri Nov. 111 .t 
4:00 p.m . Admlaalon I. frN 11111111 

monday 
SOARING CLUB Th«e wiN be • 
GENERAL MEETING Mon 11/11. 
• t 7:GO p.m. In room HL 1 ... This 

~ I. mandatory for all Soaring 
Clult m.mb_ .0 P ..... be there 
HL 1441. ....r Hur.,.nItI_ office. 
NON-m.mbers .r. .1.0 In-
vlted(111111 
Appolntmanta .nd further Info .t 
the Cer_ Planning Library. rm 
1ID3. Muir HSS (201. Mon.. Nov. 
11. K.n_ City Uf. wiN conduct 
intervl_. for i .. ur.ne. S ..... BA 
reg .11 majora. (11/111 

M.etlng for SENIOR BIOLOGY 
MAJORS. Mond .• 4:00 p.m. In rm 
2106 Bonner Hall. Topic: career 
optlo". .nd gr.d .chool program. 
In the fl.1d of biology. (11/1111 

general 
AMES FILM SERIES Fall Quarter 
Schedule (19731 Nov. 13 Flow 
V.sualization and Auld Mechanics AIm-
31 mn.; Nov, 20 Vorticity end Ruld 
Mechanics Aim - 44 mn.; Nov. 'ZJ 
Surface Tension in Auid Madw'ics en I 
Auld Mechenics AIm-29mn. Place: Am 
3i22. USB llme: 1:00-2:0) Day Tuaa. 
;11/2]) 

All Tennis Court Reservations are 
made on the hour. If the court is 
not occupied within a 15 mlnut. 

walth,. period. they ... open on • 
fI,.t-come-fl,.t eerved beel.. For 
r_tl_ cell .xt. 22M. 

TRW SYSTEMS GROUP will be on 
campus conductl"" Intervt_ • 
Fri. Nov. 11. All degr_. PhyalOi. 
Cheml.try. Engl-.lng SoIen_. 
A feet-.rowl... technical com-
peny. r_rch poeltl_. Appoint 
.nd more Info .t the c...., 
Planning L1brari. rm 8DI3. Muir 
HSa.(11/111 

.At .,. In .,... '- chIeIan end 
_ upper chIeIan ~ In bicJIoIw 
end dwnItrv In ttw IIcIIogv end 

~ CIIAc:. B.:nw HIlI un; 
()pen:11U\-frI. 2:GD-&GIt A&ft.~"" 
1O;GO. phorw# ~.(E11 

UCSD Art Oallary, P.lntln •• by 
Bob Wed • . Through Dec. t. 1. 
Humenltlaa Llb ... ry Buld. Houra 
claNy 12~.nd Wed . • v.n .. ,0 p .m. 
(Gd.ry will b. clOied Nov. 22-211. 
(Ell 

GAPSFAS (Graduata and 
Professional S chool Financial Aid 
Servicel applicetlons are now 
avail in the Office of Graduate 
Studies and Research. loa MC 
(11/201 

Want to give or raeeive a 
Thanksgiving dinner? Soma 
studants will not be able to go 
home for Thanksgiving and would 
really appraclate a home cooked 
dinner. If you can provide one or 
need on.. call the Revell. 
Residant Dean 'a office et 
1916.(11/201 

Att.ntlon Wlld.rn ••• 
P.oplelllSpring 73' C.I. 20111 
W. need your .1IdeI ..... tlv_ Of' 
.xt .. prints of the tripe so w. can 
make cop!" for • permanent 
record. People m •• the co_ 
pl.... .here vour fe.llng •• 
thou. hili. end .xperIanc.. with 
othe,. throu.h your picture .. M.H 
or bing them by t .. C.1. offlc •• nd 
Include your name .nd eddr_ •• 0 
_ CM return them. (11/2Ot 

R.pr ••• nt.tlv.. from the 
followl"" or .. nlzatlon will be 
conducting Intervl.WI on Wed. 21. 
Nov .• 1m for Holly St_. Inc. In 
F.shion M.rch.ndl.lng. BA 
n.ed.d In .11 m.jor.. Ap-
polntm.nta .nd further Info at the 
Cer .. r PI.nnlng Ubrary rm 1033. 
Muir HSS (201. (11/201 
Rap,...ntatlv_ for U.C.. Davl. 
Law School will be on campUi 
Wed .• Nov . 21 . No appoint 
necessary. Location & lurther Info 
at the Career Planning Library. rm 
6033. Muir HSS (201.111 /201 
Representatives from the 
following organization w ill be 
conducting inte rviews on Tues. 20 
Nov. 1973, PENN MUTUAL Prefer 
BA or MBA In Any Major. Market 
Manage ment & Professional 
Financing Appoint and further 
inf o at the Career Planning 
library. rm 6033. Muir HSS 
(201.(11/201 

ATTENTIONI you can receive up 
to $1 .000 from model cities 
scholarship program, You must be 
a mod.1 clti.. resid.nt. Funds 

.vallable to cov... .xpen_ 
Sprl... 74 Se-m.eter (J.nuery 
Jun.' . Application d.adlln.: 
DECEMBER 3. 1.n Appllc:etlon 
form. wll .. bI. In all Third Colleg. 
0ffIc_ and the Financial AI. 
Offlce.111/271 

ATTENTION -STUDENTS In-
ter_ted In Biomedical Re-.:h 
suPPort program. UCSD Is being 
coneidered for federal g ... nt from 
Minority Sch.. lIomedlc.1 
Support Program of NIH. Site 
t_m from NIH wUI b •• t UCSD 
flrat week of December. The 
prOll ... m .nd Site Vilit will be 
deecrlbed In detail on Tu_. Nov. 
20 4:00 p.m. In H-L Audhortum. All 
Int.re.t.d .tudent. urged to 
.n.nd. (11/201 

ESPERANTO OFFERED 
Anyon. Intar •• ted In leernlng 
ESPERANTO? .. You'reln luckl A 
beginning E.per.nto course will 
be offarad in the Winter quarter, 
taught bv Dr. Ralph Lewin of SIO. 
For further info. please contact 
the Language Center. P & L 2125. 
ALSO. if you don't know what 
Esperanto is. check the exhibit 01 
Esperanto books located in the 
entrance hall of the Central 
U nlversitv Library .(1 1/ 131 
Ongoing grp for people seeking 
aiternatives t o conventional 
marriage. Stu $3 non-students $5. 
7-11p.m .. Nov. 19. Cnt for s tudies 
of the Person 1125 Torrey Pines 
Rd. 459-3861 .(11/161 
Soc. club meet. Tues, Nov. 20. 3 
p.m . Intrn'l Ctr. Disc. Ins & outs 
getting into grad school. III 

~-----------------ads for ourselves----.... 
wanted 

Want to borrow " Shine on 
Brightlv" (good conI to tape. Call 
Gabe 452.Q286 or 421 Argo (11 /201 
Ride needed to Houston around 
Dec. 7. Please call Joan at 469-
8490. (11/201 
DESPERTEL Y NEED TUTOR FOR 
APIS 161A-leave massage with 
Jaanne 755-3986 111/201 
Sizeabla dog (sl and yard to share 
with trained. affectionate German 
Shephard in exchange for 
maintenance . Eves : 452-
0360(11 /201 
RIDE NEEDED : To Santa Barbara 
or LA. Wed. 21 . Will Share ga8. Call 
Janet - 463-2661(11 /201 
I need ride to San Fern. Vallev for 
Thanksgiving. Share costs. Call 
Art. 452-1646 (11 /201 
Female roommate wanted for La 
Jolla Village Apt. Call Janet. 452-
8215.(111201 
Dracula by Stokes for Lit. lA Call 
463-6636 Michelle (11/201 
EXPERIENCE TYPIST NEEDED to 
type a .cience report. approx. 60 
P.g ... AI.o need.d gr.phic arti.t 
for m.chanic.1 drawing • . Contact 
Lynn Hel.lng 469-7827 or Iv. 
m .... g •• t x 11118 (P11/161 

,W.nted v.ry much: a J.zz pl. no 
_cher on c.mpu.. J.n. 463-
131iO(11/201 
WANTED: Rider to Asp.n. 1218 to 
approx. 12115 must return with 
group. 5.. D.v.. ~238. c-62 
(11/201 
W.nted 1 or 2 hou .. m.tn to 
occupy room in 3Bdr.l2B.th 
hou •• ln Del M.r .. I mo. plus ut. 
for 1; .,20 fOf' 2. Whit Of' P.ul ev.n 
or morn 7-10. 7li6-802!i (11/201 
Need. ride to Bay Area •• h.r. g .. 
end driving. prf to leave w.d. Nov. 
21-4f3-1OI5( 11/201 
UCSD .tudent needs room In 
Be" "'y fOf' Dec. ANY PLACE will 
do. H.nt negotiable. J.ck 462-1t2Ii 
111/; .01 

..... J .. deto Pelo Alto • • ny-tlm. 
eft.· 19. Shere driving & ex-
P8nr_ AI-753-907I (Pl1/1111 
PAF1TT1ME JOBS AVAILABLEIl 
.. p.r YNr to .tartt Minimum 
tl.ll per houri Opportunltl .. for 
me' ,nd wom.nl Contact the 
C.lllom1. Army natlon.1 Gu.rd 
477-11t1 (P11/301 

personal 
Peul B thank. for WP G.me Good 
luck till. _ekendl JSG & MAG 
(1111111 
He vielded. now the chance I. 
coming .... ry night. Two on • 
blenket again. Kurt? 
K.m.naw ..... I.V. 111/1111 

R. Roadrunn.r and K. Kumq,/J.t: 

Min you all dearly. Lova Blesssed 
Be. Tarot (11 / 161 
AII-Ameriean Boy. named Rick 
Derringer. seeks home. Incredibla 
musician. a comfort to listen to . 
Available at licorica Piz-
za.IPl 1 1301 Pete: We' re sorry about 
your dentad fingers .. :Oodie and 
Laurie 111/16) 

Don't raturn. just call. 452-8935. FOR SALE: SN,. m .... g. b.1t 
(11 /161 axerclsor. Excell.nt condition. 
Lost: Ona black wallet Had I. D. * .00 C.II283.()171 .ft.r II. (11/111 
only call Jeff. 452-8675 111 / 201 FOR SALE: Grants .nd Schol.r-

MISSION CONTROL: Who are our 
(recentl cosmic visitors? 
FEDERATION(11/16) 
Dear Thiaf and lowlv person, 
please return mv vellow 
rapidograph w ith the 0 tip. I'm 
poor and can't afford anothar. 
You took it from the TT offica last 
Tues. Sea Mika in TT (11/161 
JAMES JOHNSON . Chairman . 
Young Workars liberation 
League. Please contact C.rmen 
Ix-1391) in Student Activitiaa 
Office. Important (11/1 6) 
To Jim who found mv Chyraler 
key.: THANK YOU , THANK YOU . 
THANK YOU I (11/161 
Fern. Voluntears naedad for male 
Impregnation studla • • ' .88/hr. Dr. 
Yondo 111/161 
Dick: Tha omnipotent spid.rman 
thruat into de.p red alart two 
weeks ago i. now pr.p.ret! to 
commance clande.tine activity. 
Do you .urrander? (contlnuedl -
Web Cantral Intallig.nca (11/161 
AVATAR MEHER BABA KI JA I 
Sua ~7038 111/1111 
ATTENTION TRIBBLESI Some 
Quatrotrillkeilie can ancouraga 
the growth of wartal Spock. 
(11/1SI 
K.thy : I know you·v. b.en 
wondering when I'd be getting 
around to thi •• eh? b.nan .. (" / ll11 
To the kind young man of " Ll". I 
promi •• to COf'ne ov.r mora th.n 
one •• week. MI •• A (11/18) 
MAC: H.ppy 
Birthday y .. t.rd.yl-your .ult ... : 
K.teyCaroIC.rol -
KaroH ren.MaryJudyVlckleChrl.1 
1111181 
Kelly. M.rk. Chuck. Tim, T.r .... 
D.vld H .• the other M.rk. Holly. 
D.ve W .. P.ul. Jdtln P .• Mike S. 
my .ulte • • nd othara; Thenks. My 
B-DIIY wn just .m.zlng. Much 
love. Batey,(11/1111 

lost & found 
FOUND: W.tch on R_1e P ..... 
Nov. 1 eel D.n. ~ .nd 
deecr1b .. (111181 

FOUND: One Bible. Sat. eve. 
outside Urey Hall. Inquire T.T. 
office (11/201 
Lost: Set of approx. ten keys in 
basic science building. $2 reward. 
Call Chris x2522 (11 /201 
LOST: Blue s piral notebook W/ Bio 
10 & Bio 12 notes. Thanx I nead it 
back Rhonda 453-4988 (11 /201 
FOUND : Men 's Prescri pt ion 
glasses In black leather case. 
Contact TT office (111201 

LOST: Dark Green watch. eight-
sided and with Alsta printed in the 
middle. call Alison. Mark at 462-
8875 (11 /20) 

Ladies watch found Friday night 
near the Muir epertments. Identifv 
and pick up at tha Campua pOlic. 
s tation. (11/201 

LOST: two albuma of Italian mu.lc 
reward-A bottl. of wine. Pi .... 
eaU 46~ (11/201 
Loat: Book " Art of the World" Call 
L.o At apigl.g or 274-4634 (11/201 

FOUND: Green Bio-Chem 
not.book at 2A p.rklng lot 11/11 
call 462-Oa (11/201 
Found - Nov. 14 Blue Spiral 
Notebook In 2C. rm 1011. probably 
left from a 3 p.m. cl .... Contain. a 
PlP.r bv M.rla Romero. Call 
Ingrid .t 7Ii6-83II8 (11/201 

for sale 
Fr •• -to • loving home-.m.ll. 

friendly. mixed breed mil" dog. 
P ..... I "'~or ..... IU to the 
Humane Society! 111/111 

WNI undereell .ny ..... prtca on 
C.non FTb FI.4. Nlkon F2 
photomlc. Nlkon F21 •• om. Nlkon 
1e_. 277-4718111/111 

Ship'. Clock . B •• utlful br ... 
clock rlnee .hlp·. bah. Paid t1 •• 
Sell tll0. Tom .-7711 (11/1" 
K2 SKIIS _ cm with M.rtl.r 
Binding. UI GUY Ach •• on 7.-
IMI 111/111 

Skia-Kneiell RED STARS N_ 
tllO; only tn, 200 CM-Solomon 
.. blndln .. 0000 COND F ... nk 
___ (111111 

LOST: A blu. j.cket In HL Tu.. 2 gulUre; AcouetJc ..... , 1 nylon 
.fternoon. Laav. It at TT offlce. , ..... trt". .. ,.. 111/111 
(111201 

OUITAR: Ovation. 2 Yrl old .x-
LOST: One brown Ie.ther wallet. calent condo .. or beet off.r. 
He. 1.0 . Laa"a t T.T. offlc. Tony Curtle ..... ,11111 
Daln (11120) 

MANDOliN Amarioan med. flat-
beck. Very nloe. M.ke .ome good 

LOST: F.nt •• tlc Foolev be.r. mualclMO Mik. ~ 111/111 

.hlp • . Formar grantsman .ellng 
completa nbrary on how & where 
to get faderal & prlv.te fu "ds . • 30 
464-1764. 6:30-10:30 p.m.(11/111 

DELUXE persl massager 7'h " 
Send $2.95 now to: AMBAR P.O. 
Box 80174 San Diego, Ca. 92138 
(P11 / 20) 
Unused, 150' roll of 6' " Hog-Wire" 
with #23, 8' metal stakes to 
match. Durabla enclosure. Eves: 
452-0360.(P11/161 

'69 BMW 1600. 4-spd. aeon. car. 
very good condo best offer, 272-
6708(Pl11161 

Unused " Exer-Gen i." for ef · 
ficient . portable, isometric-
Isotonic muscle-building . Eves: 
462.{)36O(P11 / 161 

Alfa Spvder 1966. Good condo 
800$. call Carlos X 1827 (Pll/16) 

63 VW Sedan. Need. work. B.st 
offer. Marcv 224-4346 (11/201 

All nylon full length m.d. wet ault 
$30. AI.o will trede 72 Vega m.g. 
for re.g. ValIS wheel rim • . 763-aG 
(11/20) 

For Sala: HNd 310 .kla. l80cm 
axcel cond S.lomon binding • . 
.'00. Steva 468-9132(11/201 

Sony C ... ette Deck fully equip. 
Take. Cr02; IImlt.r Switch; N.w 
.,. Want .,00 J -2 Tlog. 4&2-1. 
(11/201 

Vlvlter 400 mm telephoto iI.3. 
with c_. U.ed a f_ tim ••. xcell 
condo MIl Arvo 332(111201 

S.le : W .. h. machln •• D"k. book 
.hel __ bricks. Call 4II3-G37 or X-
1153 UCSD (11/201 
72 K.we .. kl 121. Excel I condo 
11.000 mi. xt .... : helmat & lock 
Arvo 421 Of' 412-1. Tom (11/201 
C.non TLJf1.1 1_. _ n •• r 
uMd. 1 mo. old eaN Tom 412·1. 
Of' Argo _ 111/201 

OLD ELECTRIC PIANO FOR SALE 
.. keys (. f.w need workl ta,.. 
1423. M.ry.llen (11/201 
SPANISH CLASSICAL GUITAR .. 
COlt U70 _ . M.k. off. xc.1I 
ton. .nd action 4&3-13411 
w_(11/20) 

SKIS, BOOTS. POLES - ."0; Head 
201 cm.; look N.v.d./GP; 
NORDICA 11 1/2; Cerol X 11211 
(11/201 

1m CHEVYVAN: 1/2 ton. 301 VI 
Insul.ted. pen.l.d.c.rpet.d ; 
11.000 ml. C.rol Xll211 (11/111 
71 Opel 1100 Aut. 22.100 mi. Good 
condo AM-FM ..... 0. Air condo 
only .2DOO ... ,10 (11/201 

Gu itar. F.nder " Slratocaster" 
Icase old model. yellow body. but 
in ex cell condo sacrlficel $125.00 
call: Ext. 1468 a.m.'s 459-6720 
p.m : s (11 /201 
SKIS Kneissl Blue Stars. Fischer 

Superglas~. Blizzard Formal Racer 
Geze bindings. $25 each. 272-1890 
(11/20) 

Need 3(53/ mol or 2(71 / mo) mates-
hou .. In Clmt. 2 rm. avell . call 
Chuck 273-3218(11111 

Wanted. room-mata to live with 
a Phy.lc. gr.d-mal. -I n a two 
badroom hou •• In Clalremont. .7& 
p.m . Ca. Prabhe .t Ext. 1746 day •. 
2n-1717 eve. 111/1111 

Roomm.ta Naeded. own Room In 
69 VW exec mech cond $1000 or Condo. In Unlv. City .'21/month 
offer call 469'{)231 (·91361 (11/201 call for dellilla. 4&2 .. ," (11 / 1111 
UNICYCLE -- Schwinn 2A-inch Want to .ubl •••• a 2-b.droo m 
wheel. With rear reflactor, s oft COAST .partm.nt from 12 .... 73 to 
seat. Make off. 463·5346 evengs. 2-1Q..74 Call4li3-1733. X174& (11 /1111 
(11 / 201 
American Dream Guitar $140 or 
best off call Monty 461 -1699 
(11/201 

Funkiest VW in cal, bucket .eals 
custom runs exc. 425. 755-9575 & 
leave number (11/20) 

'65 Mustang 6cyl. new tiras & 
battery transportation but needs 
work $4OO.00/ off Ext. 1468 a .m.'s 
45S-S720 p.m:. (11 /161 

For Sal.. Val-d -I.r Ski ' Boot •. 
Women 's size 8. Good Condo m 
272-6229(11 /201 

like NEW 444 bindings Leether 
boots with buckle. all for $60 or 
best offar. Dave 462-17815(11 / 20) 
BABY FURNITURE: Crlb-U5; 
ch .. t of d"e,. - .20; vanity & 
chair - t36; high chair - .2 clothing. 
Good cond o Connie 277-
7811.111/111 

Beautiful 3-pc . b.droom .et. 
excel. UOO 10 ft. lur coverad 
couch q ; ledy·. blk.· • . c .. 1 277-
7811,(111111) 

FOR SALE ... ety BEWICK'a neW 
b ... kejobugiyBOD - YhnelneFlNE 
.hpe 24mp ..... I_ •• 7IUI21 
(11/201 

housing 
Room In 
Del M.r ."ali. now to end of 
win_ qtr. CI_ to bah. tIIf1lmo. 
715-3132 111/201 

Femel. Roomete Neededl Solen. 
B. dupl.", .. furn. 0 .......... 
now or winter. 716-7314 oh 
callve .. 

Studio apt. 1 block 'rom campus. 
Will .ublat for Dec. 8-J.n. 1 . _ 
4I3-a. (11/201 

2 f-'e rcx.K.me_ needed to 
share cozy 2-belrm hou.. In 
Iota .. B_h. 1 piece ." .... bIe n_. 1 after Dec:. I. _ mo 788-
7314111/201 

HOUIING F.m.l. room.t. 
needed to .... re the • ...,.. of 1 
bdr. apt. 80. Mleelon .. __ _ 
'.111111 

services 
Proportional .p.ce typing - from 
dlctetlon or copy. Flaxlb" hOUri. 
My home. ~ (P11/201 

TYPING: Exp. theses. trm pprs. 
rprts. Misc .• Accrte. fast servo 50 
c.nts page. BEE LYNCH - 753· 
7366(11/231 

Exp. typing . Pick UP & dallver 10 
campu •. Call Pat 271-4711.(11 /201 
OUTSTANDING PART TIME J08. 
Le Jolla. male/fem. dally 1-6 p.m. 
xlnt p.V. c.r nec. 453-2545 
.ve.(P11/201 

TYPISTIIBM/RUSH JOBSI PhD-
MA thn"/r .. um .. / t.rm p.,.rli 
R .... rch/.ditlng/Xeroxl~ 
(Pll/301 

ENGLISH TEACHERISECRETARY 
.v.lleble to edit. type. SANDRA 
CARTER home: (.ftar 6:301 fiII6. 
10&8 Work: (8-11 46f.G211 ext. 2lIO 
(11/201 

Pick up your free periodic teble at 
.nv IIbr.ry. You,. from MCATS. 
412-1_ (11/201 

travel 
Campus Travel ServIce: UCSD 
Wlnt.r Ch.rt.r Flight. In-
ternational Centar (MCI - • ....., 
- 10-12 • • m. & 2-1 p.m. Mon thru 
Fri. (1"11/3111 

EURCH. ISIWL .JIIttPM a KY. lDN 
ooeT flIOHY'S AVAIlMLl A.I$. T. 
,. S. LA aENEGA Ihd LA. CA 
12111 cmJI1",. 

FLIGHTS YEAR ROUND 
Europe. Orient. I ..... Africa. AIIO 
one-wavl. Spec. XMAS .ft. to 
LONDON. MUNICH.TDKYO. 
Since ,.. ISTC. INC.· ~ ~ ~ N. 
Beverly Dr. • _-ty H.... C .. 
1GI21O. ph (213) 2JN1. (11/. 

EUROPE·ISRAEL-AFRICAStudent 
'Uehts all y_r round. CONTACT 
IICA: .. Unlverelty A_ No. 11 
len 01,,0. CalIf . .. 11 TEl: (714) 
217..JD1O or 121. __ 11111 


