
Search For Poli Sci Chairman Optimistic, Says Scheiber 
Michael Sesma 

The outlook for finding a chairman for a political science department at UCSD this 
year was optimistic, according to History Professor Dr. Harry Scheiber in a recent 
interview. 

Scheiber heads the latest committee which received a formal authorization and 
funded faculty slot this February. He related the problems of the committee, both past 
and present. Scheiber explained that for the past several years, efforts had been 
frustrated because of disagreement within the committees, timing of budgetary 
authorization and conflicts of interest, those being with two persons whom had been 
offered the position and then turned them down after prolonged negotiations. 

When asked to describe past offers made to prospective candidates, Scheiber could 
only say that they were "attractive." 

He also outlined the problems of committee members themselves in trying to find the 
best candidate, "It's hard enough to recruit for your own department and then have to 
recruit for a department that doesn't even exist yet. Most of us on the committee 
already experience a full class load along with membership on other academic 
committees. 

However, Scheiber's committee hopes to find a candidate in the very near future. 
"We're looking for a prominent and nationally known scholar and instructor whose 
presence would serve to attract highly qualified senior and junior members to UCSD." 

"The new committee is trying to find a candidate who is not specialized in one field of 
political science no matter who he or she may be. The person must be able to deal in all 
the disciplines of political science and be able to interact between them." Scheiber then 
said that this multidimensional requirement immediately limited the number of 
prominent individuals avilable for candidacy. 

Two major factors were cited by Scheiber as having the greatest effect on past and 
present committees. The budgetary constraints imposed by the University of California 
are very public and obvious to prospective candidates. Secondly : it is difficult to attract 
a person of great reputation for teaching ability to start a new department. " We know of 
many people who will not touch a chairmanship because it means less time teaching 

due to administrative responsibilities," said Scheiber. He indicated this had been a 
factor in severa l cases. 

According to Scheiber, another disenchanting problem is the fact that the depart-
ment will have to be built from the ground up. Future certainty is snort at UCSD. Four 
co lleges will be demanding interaction with the new department. Undergraduate work 
will be stressed as much as graduate work . 

"We want a person with an established identity who has demonstrated an ability to 
recruit. We're also determined to bring an innovator and experimenter but one whose 
teaching be taught with integrity and discipline." Scheiber continued. 

The committee is not interested in providing an experimenting ground however. 
"We could have any of hundreds of individuals for a chairman under those conditions." 
Scheiber reiterated, the person must have proven his ability as a teacher and scholar 
who is multidimensional. "We don't want to test an untested person." Scheiber then 
added that the department must be able to interact across departmental lines with other 
departments much like the organization as its exists now at Muir college. This 
interaction would be the responsibility of the new chairman . 

When asked about student influence on the committee, Scheiber cited the presence 
of three student consultants, one from each college. "The committee is aware that 
undergraduates are having to leave UCSD because of the non-existence of a pol i-sci . 
major program. It's just another reason for finding a Chairman soon." 

With the appointment of a chairman, a department of two professors would be 
established. Mario Barrera is presently an assistant professor in political science. With 
additional appointments, Scheiber feels that a major program could be initiated within 
two years but the real time would be determined by the Chiarman. 

Scheiber said he was confident that his committee could find the best person 
available to recommend to Chancellor McElroy this year. He said, "I'm hopeful that 
we'll make a fine appointment." The Chancellor will make the final appointment on the 
advice of Dr. Scheiber's Committee. The committee members are Dr. Warren Wooster 
(510), Dr. Ramon Ruiz (History), Mr. Anthony Ngubo (Sociology), Dr. Robert Heifetz 
(Urban & Rural Studies), Dr. Robert Elliot (Lit.), Dr. Fred Bailey (Anthro). 

Volume 19, Number 5 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, April 17, 1973 

UCSD Women 
Sponsor Lectures 

Hannah Cohe n 

UCSD Women is sponsoring a series of weekly public 
discussion programs on Thursdays at noon at the 
International Center at Matthews Campus. The first 
discussion, held last Thursday, centered around "Sex-
ism at Muir College" and was led by Muir College 
Provost John Stewart. 

University Qu~lity Lowered l 

On April 19 the topic of discussion will be "Will 
Affirmative Action for women lower the quality of the 
University?" Speakers and discussion leaders will in-
clude Dr. Juan Yguerabide, Chairman, Chancellor's 
Affirmative Action Committee, Dr. Ruth Covell, Chair-
man Affirmative Ac;:tion Subcommittee on Women; 
Yvonne Elais, Dorothy Parsons and Nancy Frisberg, 
Committtee members. 

Being Fem~le: M~king ~ Differencel 

"The undergraduate and the teacher : Does it make a 
difference to be a female?" will be the discussion topic 
on April 26 and the discussion leader will be Dr. Doris 
Lee McCoy, from the Claremont Graduate School. The 
topic for May 3 is "The UCSD Woman graduate 
student: is discrimination a myth?" A report will be 
given on a su rvey by he UCSD Graduate Wom n's 
Committ e. 

Fourth College: Equalityl 

May 10th's topic will be "Fourth College : An open 
door to equality?" Th discussion leader will be Dr. Roy 
0' Andrade, Chairman, Fourht College Plann'ing Com-
mittee. On May 17, " Women's civil right organizations 
and equal opportunity at the university." Repre en-
tativ s of the National Organization for Women, 
Women's Equality ~. tion Leagu and Wom n's 
(au use will be pre ent. 

Women ~t UCSO: Ch~ncellor'l Progno is 

Th final di u sion will be on "Th outlook for 
wom n at UC D." The discu sion I ader will b 
Chan lIor William M Elroy. All ar invited to att nd. 

Capitalism versus 
Ecology 

Rick Drom 
Capitalism is a way of lif for the U.S .... so is 

pollution . Must th two go hand-in-hand or can a 
capita listi society njoy a clean environment? . 

A debate will be h Id W dne day on th posslbl 
an wers to thi qu ~ion and to dis us th im~li ations 
of apitalism on our so i ty. Two onoml t from 
UC 0 will debate "Capita Ii m and Ecolo y" in the 
R v lie cafeteria at 8 p.m. 

Dr. H rbert hill r, prof or of communication 
and chairman of th Communi ation D partm nt at 
U D, will atta k apitalism. It will b hi po ition that 
capitalism damage our nvironment in it ffor t to 
"mak profit ." 

chill r ha long b n riti al of capitali ti oci ty 
and it goal. In hi book, up r tat I h atta k d th 
Military Indu trial Compl x and th upport that our 
capi talisti 50 i ty giv it. 

B sid bing a prof sor of ommunication, h ha 
continu d on pag 10 

ue Lobby Reports 
Lee Burke 

Student Lobby Annex directors from all over the 
stat met Sunday at UC Irvine to discuss future direc-
tions for the Lobby. 

Along with the procedural and structural organiza-
tion, some substantive issues were discussed. 

Five issues emerged as most important, and plans 
centered on these: 

Housing - Although this is not a major problem at 
UCSD due to the proximity of Del Mar and Pacific 
Beach, other campuses have critical shortages of 
housing and no " bedroom communities." The other 
side to the problem is the Univ rsity 's unwillingness to 
undertake the building of adequate hou ing, for fear of 
an eventual decline in residency. 

Financial Aids - Besides the general lack of funds 
available for grants and scholarships; loans are al 0 
drying up. NDEA loans ar almost impossible to come 
by and even the Federally In ur d Stud nt Loan (FI L), 
supposedly available without re trictions to all 
students, ar becoming more difficult to obtain . 
Discretion on the FI L lies with the individual bank , and 
several of the major banks - Bank of meri a in ~ 
particular - are refusing to grant loan to fre hmen . 
tudents who are ineligibl to re eive other type of 

aid have traditionally d pended on these loans; this 
decision may force some pro pective students out of 
the ' University system. 

Cutbacks - In addition to more stringent loans 
requirem nts, many e tabli h d program are having 
financial trouble. At thi point many program are 
running out of fund for the current fis al y ar and 
money for next year is bing cuI. Thi will aff ct everal 
areas, mo t particularl Graduat Education, Financial 

id , Work tudy and EOP. A the e area are alread 
underfinan d, n xt year' cut should make thing 
quite tight all around. 

Student Governing Board - The tudent Lobby ha 
a propo al to change th lJC, in u h a way as to 

liminal th in ffi i n y and inequity of la t year' 
uc. It i hop d that th n V I truclur will b more 

appealing to th tudent of th( Univer it . In addition, 
the n w tru ture will hav more legal fl ibilit, to 
allow th U a mu h fr d n of a tion a po ible. 

Th • fifth i ue i of a diff r nt l1atur alth ugh it, too, 
aff t Iud nt . 

There i a propo al lin h"f"fn ,~ " 1-::, ' , ;;i~I,.:.: 
om mille on the Ma t r Plan for High r Edl' ation, to 

in titut a nonvotin Iud nl r nt. Thi p r on would 
hay th full pow r of a R nt and a to all 
information, how v r h would not hav the ri ht t 
vol. F ling in a ram nto run about n 011 thi 
que tion, but tud nt opinion (at I aSI in th Lobb) 

continued on page 10 



Health Seminar 
The Health Professors Seminars were to be offered 

only once - Monday, April 16, instead of every week, 
as printed by the TRITO TIMES. 

Jerome Rothenberg 
Poetry Reading 

Jerome Rothenberg will read his poet ry and 
workings from American Indian poetry in the Formal 
lounge this Wednesday at 4 p.m. 

Rothenberg, who is the founder and editor of the 
magazine Alcher(nga, the world's first journal of 
Ethnopoetics, has been living with the Seneca Indians, 
of which he and his famil y are adopted members. 
Besides hi s own poetry, he has published two 
anthologies of "tribal poetry", Technicians of the 
Sacred and Shaking the Pumpkin. Rothenberg was a 
Regents' Professor al UCSD two years ago and his 
return will be welcomed by many students. The 
reading is under the co-sponsorship of the Department 
of literature and the Campus Program Board . 

Wilderness Meeting 
There will be a meeting Thursday noon in Muir 

Provost's conference room for students interested in 
organizing Wilderness experiences for this summer to 
int grate next years new members of the Muir com-
munity to our hopes and feelings on the possibilities of 
Muir College. All interested are invited \0 participate. 

Serv ice Reminder 
Students can save considera ble time if, whenever 
possible, an advance appointment is made to see the 
doctors at the Student Health Center instead of walking 
in without one. The volume is so heavy that walk-in 
patients may have to wait some time, especially si nce 
emergenci e~ are always handled first. 

Each staff doctor now is usually available for ap-
pointments some part of each week day. Students can 
stop by to make appointments, or call extension 1346. 
After an appointment has been made, it is important 
for a student to be on time. Appointments cannot be 
held open for latecomers. If an appointment ca n/t be 
kepI, a phone call will be appreciated so that someone 
else can be scheduled instead. 

Ca mpus To urs 
Special campus tours, designed for high schqol and 

community co lege stud nts and cou nse lors, are being 
offered by the UCSD during the traditional public 
schools spri ng break. 

Th E' lours, condu cted br the UCSD Offi ce of 
Relations with hools, will I)I! ulfcrc d th,pp times a 
da y - 10 :00 a. m., 11 :00 a.m. and 2: 00 p.m. - on 
Monday, Apri: 16, Tu sday, April 17, and Thursday, 
April 19. Tht· tours will I ave from in front of 

onference ~oom A, Bldg . 111 on the Matthews 
Campus and will b preced d by a short orientation 
ml? ting. 

All stud nts and others who are int rest din th San 
Diego campus and its three colleges ar encouraged 10 
31t('nd . According 10 Sam Hinlon, Associate Director of 
Relations with Schools, p rsonn I will be on hand to 
amWN all questiom oncerning th r qui r ments for 
admission to U D as a fr shman or a transf r studen t. 

Fr e parking is availabl in th lot 10 ated in th 
norlh('asl corner of the Matthews ampus adjacent to 
th(' Graphics and R production Building and the UCSD 
track . 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, April 17, 1 

Psychodrama Seminar 
A growing interest in the use of psychodrama has 

inspired two Saturday programs to be presented by 
University of California Extension, San Diego. 

Psychiatrist Albert G. Sheff will conduct the short 
cour es on the technique April 21 and June 2 at the 
Hanalei Hotel. 

Enrollment for either program is open to any in-
terested person at a cost of $15, which includes 
luncheon at the hotel. Sessions get underway at 8:30 
a.m. and will conclude at 4 p.m. 

Morning portions will be devoted to theory and 
small group practice. In the afternoons, Dr. Sheff and 
his assistants will hold a psychodrama wi th the entire 
group. ' 

The assistants often play the role of alter egos for the 
protagonist and those who take the other major parts 
in the "production ." That is, the alter egos whisper to 
the actors alternative ways of responding, and the.-
protagonist experiences a wider variety of approaches 
to the central problem hs is attempting to work out. 

For enrollment information, telephone 453-2000, 
extension 2061. Registration at the door is permitted. 

UCSD Book Exchange 
Since Alpha Phi Omega, a service fraternity, no 

longer exists on campus, the Revelle Committee on 
College Affairs has taken over responsibility for their 
Book Exchange. The Committee has hired someone to 
clear up all debts and book claims. 

All those who have an account or books with the 
Book Exchange should complete all transactions with 
them during the week of April 23-27. The Exchange is 
located on the plaza side of Blake Hall on the Revelle 
Campus and will be open from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
St udents should bring either their old receipt or 
student I.S. to clear up their accounts. 

Any books or accounts not cleared by April 27 will 
become the property of the Revelle College Govern-
ment. The Revelle College Government and the 
Revelle's Resident Dean's Office apologize for taking 
so long to clear up the unfinished business of the Book 
Exchange. 

Minority Mass Media 
The use of mass media by minorities will be the 

subject of two evening lectures to be presented in 
Balboa Park tonight and Wednesday, April 17 and 18, 
sponsored by the Third College Communications 
Program at UCSD. 

Gabriel Ricardo Tejada-Flores, a filmmaker and 
teacher, and Claudio Frennel-lopez, a producer/ direc-
tor for the Franciscan Communications Center, will 
speak at 8 p.m. Tuesday in the Centro Cultural de la 
Raza, 2004 Park Boulevard, in Balboa Park . Tejada-
Flores, a graduate of the San Francisco Art Insti tute and 
former lecturer at UCSD, will talk on the maki ng of "Si 
Se Puede," a film depicting the farmworker's struggle. 
Frennel-lopez, will speak on "The New Challenge in 
Media : Minorities as Communicators." 

Good Friday Films 
"The Gospel According to St. Matthew", directed by 

Pier Paolo Pasolini , will be shown th is Friday afternoon . 
Called by "lit ", "Certainly the best life of Jesus ever 
placed on film and probably the finest religious film 
ever made," the movie has received wide acclaim, 
including the Specia l Jury Prize of the Venice Festival. 

Pasolini, Italy's controversia l writer-poet-director, 
has avoided the spectacular over-dramatization so 
characteristic of films on Jesus' life. " I haven't put the 
Gospels together," he has sta ted, "and written a 
scenario of the li fe of Christ, no this is precisely the 
Gospel according to Sain t Matthew." 

Pasolini's unconventional approach is reflected in his 
use of rugged southern Italia n landscapes, hill towns, 
costu mes of coarse material and faces without make 
up. There ar no "sta rs" all of the performers are non-
actors whom Pasolini sel cted for their natural , un-
glamorous quality. 

The film will be shown in 2D 2250 at John Muir 
College and will be preceded by two short films, 
" Parable" and "About this Carpenter." The entire 
showing will begin at 12 noon, with "The Gospel 
According to St. Matthew", starting about 12:30. 

Bloody Successful 
The Blood Drive sponsored by the UCSD Pre-Med 

Club took place last Wednesday from 10 to 4 in lower 
Blake lounge. The student r sponse was onc again 
v ry enthusiasti . Th nurses from the Bloodmobile 
were su rprised to get such a big turnout, say ing they 
nearly ram out of supplies and almost had to turn 
p ople away. One nurs remarked that she mad a big 
mistak in bri nging h r knitting with her to UCSD 
because everyone was very busy all day. Sometimes 
when Blood Drives take plac at th oth r schools, as 
f w as 18 p opl may com to donat blood, laving 
th Bloodmobil work rs with litt l work to do. But in 
thf' six hours th Bloodmobi l was on ca mpus 
Wednesday, 158 pints of blood were donated. 122 pints 
of th(' blood wer donal d to the U SD Blood Fund, 
making it avai lable to all UCSD stud nts, faculty and 

From ·the Lobby ... 
National Vote 1972 

McGovern did not capture the youth vote as he had 
expected, nor did Nixon carry it as he had claimed, 
concludes a study released today by the UC Student 
lobby. The study, National Student Vote 1972, es-
timated that McGovern captured 55 per cent of the 
student vote while Nixon received 44 per cent. 

The report is a supplement to ; study on Caliofnria 
student voting patterns conducted by the UC Student 
lobby. California Student Vote 1972 was released in 
January 1973. The national supplement draws upon a 
sampling of 93,000 students attending 31 campuses in 
21 states for its conclusions. 

The study indicates that students showed a great 
willingness to vote for Republican candidates when 
those candidates reflected student views. Republican 
Senator Edward Brooke received 74 per cent o f the 
vote at the University of Massachusetts w hile GOP 
Senator Charles Percy garnered 65 per cent of the vote 
at Southern Illinois University. 

Students turned out in greater numbers nationwide 
than the general populace (70 per cent nationwide for 
the general population as compared to 73.1 per cent 
nationawide for students.) 

Size and location of the campus was a factor in the 
way students voted. Smaller and more rural campuses 
were more conservative, while larger and more urban 
campuses tended to vote more liberally. 

Of the campuses studied, Yale University gave 
Senator McGovern the most support, Brigham Young 
University the least. 

$ Million Alternative 
by Linda Bond 

In an extraordinary move the Governor has included 
a full million dollars in his proposed 1973-74 budget 
which was nol requested by the University Regents . 
The generous sum is to be used for "financing un-
dergraduate teaching excellence", and was offered as 
an alternative to mandated faculty workloads - an 
option which the Student lobby has strongly opposed . 
Thus, the University may have the opportunity to focus 
in on innovations and improvements in teaching in 
addi ti on to - not at th e expense of ~ conducting 
outstanding research. 

In a series of meetings with Department of Finance 
personnel and members of the Governor's staff, UC 
Student lobbyists stressed the undesirability of man-
dated faculty workloads (forcing professors to spend a 
certain number of hours per week before thei r classes). 
During these meetings, lasting through the fall of 1972/ 
the need to develop positive rewards which would 
encourage faculty attempts to improve undergraduate 
instruction was stressed . The $1 million budget item 
represents such a positive step. 

The undergraduate teaching item will most likely be 
the subject of major discussion in the legislative budget 
hearings this month. In meetings with University of-
ficia ls last week we stressed that the money would most 
likely be approved by the legislature if it were concen-
trated in two or three projects that had University-wide 
signi ficance. A University draft proposal will be sent to 
the campuses for review the first week of April. 

Octavio Paz-
Regent Lecturer 

Mexican author and diplomat Octavio Pa z is 
scheduled to serve as a Regents' lecturer at UCSD for 
o ne month beginning Monday, April 16. His stay is 
sponsored by the Department of literature. 

While at UCSD, Paz will give a series of four seminars 
in Spanish on the poetry of Spanish America. They are 
s hedu led for 3 p.m. on Thursdays (April 19 and 26 and 
May 3 and 10) in Rool'T) 2402, Applied Physics and 
Mathematics Building on the Muir campus. In addition, 
he will give a r ading of his own poetry with translation 
into English at 8 p.m., Wednesday, May 2/ in the 
Humanities- library Auditorium, Revelle campus. The 
reading is free and open to the public. 

Paz has been found r, director, or editor of several 
M exican literary revi ews including "Barandal" in 1931, 
"Ta ller" in 1939, and "EI Hijo Prodigo" in 1943. He 
served as Charges d'Affaires to Japan in 1951 and as 
ecretary for External Affairs and Ambassador to India 

from 1962 to 1968. 
H presently serves as Simon Bolivar Professor of 

latin-Ameri an Studies and as a Fellow at Churchill 
o ll ege, Cambridge. 

taff, and to their immediate families. The other 36 pints 
were donated for use by individuals who hav health 
problems which would make them the most likely to 
ne d th blood. Th Bloodmobil people also noted 
that U D students ar v ry h althy in general for only 
thr peopl wer rej t d for r asons of ill health or 
re ent illnesses. 

News Analysis 

Advertising the Army is Not Quite Like Selling Soap 
Alan Miller/ PNS 
.~:. Miller . is a fr.e~- Iance wr.iter . and :esearch~r in political economy and 
mllttary affairS. ThiS IS the last In hiS serres of articles for Pacific News on th e 
new volunteer Army. 

SAN FRANCISCO : 
Clu.s~ered i.n a block-long wing of San Francisco's old Federal Building are the 

recrUlttng ~f!lces of the n~w, U. S. all-volunteer military. In one room, a young, black 
Army re~rult l n~ sergeant SI~S behind a desk. Although business appears to be slow, and 
prospective enltstees skeptical, he talk.s ent~usia~ticJlly about the " new opportu nities" 
o~en to any young man. To e!l1phaslze hiS pomts, he calls attention to the slogans 
prrnted on the covers of the sltck Army hand-outs which litter the office. 

TODA Y'S ARMY WANTS TO JOIN YOU. 
THE SECRET OF GEITING AHEAD. 

WE/VE GOT THE TRAINING YOU WANT. 
GEITING INTO SOMETHING BIG. 
Wom~n, of course, are not forgotten . In the WAC recruitment office next door, 

catchy titles on promotion materials include: 
AFTER HIGH SCHOOL, A BRIGHT FUTURE. 

BEGIN AS AN EXECUTIVE. 
TRAVEL IS PART OF YOUR LIFE . 

1974, il appears that the " Armed Forces Journal" was correct in its January 1973 
assessmen~ that "these co~ts will look low compared to the almost inevitable rise in costs 
for attractmg volu nteers rn future years." 
" Military and g~vernment leaders do agree that a volunteer army cannot be recruited 
. o~ ~he cheap. Young people chaff under the restrictions the military places on 
indiVidual freed?ms and civil liberties. But no longer can "word of mouth" be relied on 
(0 help offset t~IS problem. Few returning Vietnam vets have tales of glory to pass on to 

you~ger acquarntances. Instead, the Army has turned to Madison Avenue to tell its 
publiC story well. 

commentary 

The John Moo Experience 
Steve Brault 

NOW YOU'll HAVE YOUR OWN HOME. 
The . r.ecruiting . sergean.t is . only one small, if enthusiastic cog in a vast military Why d.o we find John Muir College students feeling alienated and lonely in a" 

advert iSing machine gearrng Its.e.lf up ~o fill the ranks of an all-volunteer Army. For com~unlty of 2,000 members? How come we crank out diplomas for knowledge of 
toda~, the hope~ of the .new mllttary hinge on a massive Madison Avenue blitzkrieg. theorres and formulas and neglect the developrng of personal understanding, s nding 

USing TV, radl?, mOVies, and glossy magazine spreads, the Defense Department our grads out prepare.d for care~rs ~ut not. for I.'fe? Why do we hear peopl questioning 
report~ that It Will spend a ~ot~1 of $365 million during fiscal 1974 on advertising th~ value of therr learning situation In a university acclaimed one of the country's finest? 
campaigns to attract the recruits It needs. For each new recruit, more than $900 will be Is It farr to say that the college named after John Muir has grown to be a credil [0 his 

spent on promotion alone.A NEW BREED O F SUPER RECRUITERS example? 
In Ma.rch, 1971, the A.rmy launched its first pilot media project. The N. W. Ayer ad In striving for "c~fi~ient" edu("atio~, it has been said we have discarded important 

agency In New York City was given a $10.6 million contract for a four month test parts of the humanlstrc level of learning in th education program here. In order to 
campaign. That small beginning has become a th ree-yea r $135 million windfall for the offer a balan~e? educational experience we are going to have to divert considerable 
agency - one of the ten largest advertising contracts in America. ~nergy to bUrldlng a stronger community sense, opening avenues for personal growth 

But large. s.cale ~dvertising is. not}he only tactic in the new advertis ing assault . A new In our program, and d.eveloping alternative learning environments to expand on and 
breed of mIlitary super recrutters is being groomed to do the door-to-door selling of transcend the totalltarran classroom system of education . 
the " Bright Future" and the " Secret of Getting Ahead." Muir stu~ents are wor~ing on a series of group wilderness experiences for this 

As ~ol?,nel Peter l. Clifford, commander of the 38 Chicago-area recruiting stations summer ?eslgned to examine these problems and promote a redirection of attitudes for 
ex plalns, They have to be supersalesmen. They have a sophitiscated product to sell but Jo~n Mu.rr Colleg~ . The program is called the "John MOO EXperience" (Muir Outdoor 
they ~eed t? be astute. They have to fi gure what a man's needs are. Does he ~ant O.rrentatlon Experrence) . It will be a chance for next year's newcomers to relate in the 
securrty? A Job? Self-esteem or a gro up to identi fy with?" wrldern~ss setting, with "veteran" UCSDers who are interested in the growth p~tential 

To ~eet thes.e. needs, the recruiter can pull from his shelf a dazzling array of options. for ~urr .. The Idea. IS to expose these newcomers to educational and communi lY 
Th~re IS the mllttary band .option to ma~e music for Uncle Sam; the buddy option by relationship alternatives before they get swallowed by the frustration/ apathy syndrome 
whICh a whole group of frrends can enlist together; the foreign language option for a that has been known to gobble up potentially innovative members of our community 
future ca reer abroad, and many more. and spit them back out as "perfect students." 

The Army's advertising cam paign has, of course, a good market to sell to . The U. S. In a sense it will be an orientation for the incoming freshmen and a reorientation for 
economy IS working in its favor. With the unemployment rate for black Vietnam vets at the upperclassmen, stressing community growth and individual introspection and 
14.5 pe~ cent and bl~ck tee~l-age employment in the cities often exceeding 30 per cent, awareness. BlACKPACKING .AND CAMP~NG EXPERIENCES WILL BE OFFERED I 
!,he ~rlltary can easl.ly sell Itself a.s an employer of last resort. AdvertiSing themes like PLACES S':lCH AS Ventana Wrlderness- Big Sur, Navarro river area, Yosemite, King's 

the Job .y.ou learn In the Army IS you rs to keep", reflect that fact. C~nyon high cou~try and 5an GorgonlO. Other types of group outdoor environments 
" In add ition, the,,"new ,:,ilitary" is offering desperate volunteers an enticirog set o~ • Will. also be conSidered su~h as canoeing, sailing, and biking trips. The program is 

bonus programs. These Include: re-enlistment bonuses of $1,000 to $15,000; variable deSIgned to .grow and continue through the school yea r with weekend and quarter 
bonuses of up to $4,000 per year for selected officers; $350 per month supplementary break experr~nces occurrrng. 
pay ~or doc~ors and dentists; and a retention bonus of up to $1 7,000 a year for selected A m~etlng IS planned on Thur~day at 12 noon ~n the Muir Provost 's conference room 
medical offICers. to begrn preparations for carrying out the prOJect. People with a skill or interest in 

SALUTING MADISON AVENUE gro~p facilitatio.n training, wilderness, camping or planning and people interested in 
. Yet.the picture for the military is not as glossy as its ads portray. The N. W. Ayer agency re.dlrectlng MUI~ College ~~e encouraged to attend this important meet ing. This 
Itself IS the focus of some c?n~ern. As the " Armed Forces Journal" complained: "The Wilderness experre.nce promises to be an opportunity for members of Ihis community to 
last time the Arr,ny spent a slml.l~r amount .f?r recruitment advertising, Congress raised bot.h enhance ~herr p~rsonal.awareness of community and wilderness and to pa ss on 
such a fuss th.at It banne~ all mllttary recruiting ads. The program involved a $25 million their hopes. for Improving MUir college to newcomers who will , by their attitudes, shape 
WWII ca mpaign to recr~lt W~<:=S. ,The age~cy which handled the contract? N.W. Ayer. the educational atmosphere here in the future . 
Another, more recent recrUltrng campaIgn managed by Ayer: Republican Senator -r!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 
George Murphy's 1970 bid for re-election . He lost." 11 

The "Arm~~ Forces J~urnal" pointed ou t as well that only seven of the nation's 615 
major advertiSing agenCies had been invited to submit bids. Four responded, and none 
of them w~re told of the sums at stake. Man y highly placed mil itary personnel, 

un.d.erstandrn~ that the su~cess of the volunteer army will be largely determined by its 
abrllty to sellllself, were dIsmayed by the ineptness and favoritism apparently shown by 
the Pentagon's handling of the ad campaign. 

Ex~ense, of course~ is another concern. Cost effectiveness in military advertising 
remains to be determined. The reported advertising costs per Army enlistee (probably 
less than half the total enlistment cost) averaged $107 per person in 1971 and $136 in 
1972. Most of these enli.stees were not "true" volunteers (since they were faced by the 
pres.sure of the draft), so the actual per person cost was much higher. 

Given the new Pentagon estimate of some $900 in advertising costs per en listee by 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
Off.r.d Exclusively in Sen Diego by MONTE R. KELUY Insurence Agency 

Drive by or can toCllav 
tI"f.. .... (it) 

C.5.1.5. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
5090 College (corner College & Montezum.) 

Automatic! 
These three exciting Olympus Compact 35mm Camera Outills 

and WOlf Slv/ft' willi this ad 

35 EC-2 

• Full-frlme 35mm with automallt 
eJlp(lsure- control and auto flash con-
trOl _ ElectronIC shutter lor continuous 
speedS trom ~ 10 11800 second • 
Extremelv compact. lightweight styling 
fltl In pocket or purse 

35 ECR 

• Full-trame 3Smm With .utomatic 
exposure control and auto Ilasl'l con-
trol • Rangel/nder locu~ng end elec-

tron~c shuner wltl'l conUnuous ,peedS 
from 4 to 1/800 second . Lightweight. 
compact design fits In pocket or purse 

35 RC 

• Full -rrame 3Smm prOV ides 
automatic expOsure control With 
manu. I override . Aangel lnder 
fOCUSing and auto flash control . 
Compacl , IIgntweight deSign to fit In 
pock el or purse 

But Hurryl 
These prices will only be offered until April 28, 1973. YOll 'li never 

see prices this low again on these outstand ing cameras. 
Off r ,valid only with this ad at 

ForOMAT 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive al Genesee 
lelephone 453-5753 

Hours: Monday-Friday 10· 7; Saturday 9·6; Sunday' ' ·4 
~~~~~~.~,~r~'~'_""~."""~"~""""~~~~~""~~.~'t •. , ~ 

Pa sday, April ~7, 1973 Triton Times . . 
~I \ ~ . t I' .'". ":ht 



'YOU WANT TO CHANGE THE NAME OF WOUNDED KNEE TO WOUNDED WHAT??' 

The opinions expressed on thes. pag.s are those of the author> who .. names appear in the bylin .. and do not 
necessarily reflect the .iews of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to .ubmit material to be published on the .. pag •• 
should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITO N TIMES, 117 Blok. Hall , UCSD. 

The r 'heory of Divine Extraction 
Steven Gri ffin . 

My Bookstore ordeals are over this quarter. It took 
me three trips : $25.00 minimum each time. My blood 
might not stop boiling till Christmas. 

Of more general campus interest, one might ex-
pound at extraordinary lengths over the Bookstore 
inventory and write even greater realms on the 
Bookstore management (or nonmanagement) policy. 

Presumab ly, most UCSD academic community 
members have been to the Bookstore this quarter {The 
Chancellor to say, " Oh, hum. Things look great"; the 
faculty to say, "Damn you . Why aren't my assigned 
texts in?"; the students to say, " .... you."; the Third 
Worlder to say, " We need people to man the picket 
lines at Safeway."} Th point i that most have been 
through . 

Most have probably viewed th e inventories with 
overwhelming interest. You can buy a ... a poster, .. . a ... 
a bottle of 'vitamins', ... a suitcase ... and so it goes. IF 
you are lucky, you might still be able to find a copy of 
the book that is mandatory reading (I shan't say 
anything about the obscene pircing policy on these 
mandatory readings). Most UCSD people are non-
business types, but presumably most are fairly smart. 
Do ever wonder why you have to walk by the poster 
inventories, the vitamin inventories, the retail trade 
book inventories, until you find that the Bookstore 
managers have decided to not stock any adequate 
inventory of mandatory readings? 

Such a question is of limited interest, when one 

If YOL liked Marcel Marceau, 
You'll like 

€LEOD 
Mcleoif is a highly talented Mime 
troup(~,!which has traveled over the 

entire U ited States. See them in their 
o Iy UCSD appearance 

on aturday, April 21 
UCSD Gym - 8:30 p.m. - April 21 Saturday 

UCSD Students (with 10) - $1 .00 
General Admission - $2.00 
Ticket Available at the Ooor and 

Urey Hall lobby Box Office 
Tues-Thurs 12-5 Friday 12-<4 los d Monday 

I~a e ~Tr4torr rim s'lPu~'sday, Aprilli"; 'l973 

deduces the cost of carrying the inventories or why the 
inventories are so preponderantly nonacademic. But 
even the inventory carrying cost question begs the real 
question. WHY ARE THERE INVENTORIES WHICH 
RUN TWICE THE SIZE OF SALES, DuriNG A THREE 
MONTH SALES PERIOD?? UR 

It could only happen on a University Campus. It 
cou ld only happen on the University Campus with a 
Chancellor who is so, so, so very adroit in preaching 
the theory of divine extraction. The best is yet to come 

Several months ago, I 'sat' on the Bookstore Advisory 
Committee {which was run by Roy Harvey Pearce - a 
very, very powerflliliterature professor}. Months ago, 
the University bureaucrats were sending out the feelers 
for a new building. To my limited knowledge, they got 
the first okay'S. There were two profound reasons for 
requiring a brand new multimillion dollar Bookstore 
building : the present accommodat ions could not stock 
the desired inventories and ... I swear! so help me Godl 
... the managers were too hot during the summer 
months. 

The best is yet to come. To my knowledge, the 
building was okayed for the planning and all . It should 
be very, very, very interesting to watch the Chancellor 
go North to propound the theory of divine extraction. I 
may have jumped a little far ahead as far as the 
Chancellor's travelling plans, but it is interesting 
enought to see him I?ropound the theory: just to 
maintain the cu rrent level of waste in the Bookstore. 

Film Series Are 
Selling Out! 

For your convenience, it is strongly 
recommended that you buy tickets 
for the Friday Flicks & Saturday Films 
in advance, as the showings are sei-
ling out at the door. 

Urey Hall Box Office Hours: 
12-5 Tues.-Thurs. 

12-4 Friday cpb 
Closed Mondays 

Love 
Dear Ed ito;: 

A ll everybody really 
wants is to love and be 
loved and today true love is 
the most difficult thing to 
find in this world. Love is 
that thing which can 
motivate a person to do 
something for somebody 
else; the feeling that ca n 
enable people to live 
together as true brothers 
and sisters. It is the only 
thing that can completely 
satisfy all of man 's desires 
and is ultimately what 
everybody is searching for. 
You may say everybody has 
his separate way and 
destination but it is really 
just intellectualized non-
sense . Deep inside 
everybody realizes that 
what I say is true just as 
surely as the energ y 
keeping everyone alive is 
the slime. 

The problem today is 
that this love is unavailable. 
We have searched for it 
and been so frustrated that 
we sometimes even deny 
its existence. For so long 
people have played around 
with religions, moral 
systems, politics , 
philosophies, economics, 
science and so many other 
games; where has it got 
them? Sure we have a lot of 
manmade things now. We 
have religious groups that 
fight trying to convert each 
other, laws, a lot of crime, 
people in jail for smoking 
joints, pass ports, travel 
restrictions, dead people 
and jungles in Vietnam, in-
tellectual games, racism, 

LETTBRS 
patriotism, supremacy of 
money over people, pollu-
tion, 1.V. garbage, cancer, 
ugly cities, starving people, 
suicides, theories - pure 
craziness. Really, with the 
beauty of nature, natural 
resources and intellect 
given him for his use, man 
is capable of better things. 

Love is really an infinite 
ocean, so lets stop for a 
moment and remember a 
time when we felt a drop. 
Stop reading for a minute 
please -

Now while your mind is 
still ca(m you will realize 
that, yes, this is the essence 
of humanity, they key that 
will enable technology to 
be used for people. But 
don't expect this letter or 
any book to show you love, 
because they are like sign-
posts pointing to a place. 
Words are only useful as 
directions to an experience 
and you need the real 
thing not ideas. 

There is something 
happening in this world 
that is nice for a change. 
The fifteen year old boy 
from India is not just 
talking but is turning peo-
ple on to the most un-
believable power of love in 
everyone. Guru Maharaj Ji 
is revealing the light inside 
talked about by all scrip-
tures. So please, don't 
judge the city by the sign-
post. Listen to your heart 
instead of your mind for a 
change and come ex-
perience what Divine Light 
Mission is start ing to do in 
every count ry of the world. 
We should be having a 
meeting on campus soon. 

f)Q4.... e....df!("!') 
/J.., r +. t" pan ~ ro.l~, ,'~ 4", .. cI $0 ~ fD c .. _fe 

so ..... tlt,,,~ tof.,'.:/ u. .. __ tl,uJ~"lej " ........ (, .... ""'''' ;C 

I s~ .. ,., a ho ... fa .. "' ...... ,. • ...,- b .... a'. I ho/ e .'1"" ~'tI'J If <2Ad.l":-t I"~~ d .... ~r$ "" .. I:e J'dW. /4"t1~. 1i"!J s.",./ard,,~.s h.flV_~ fl.. ~.4'''{'' a~-I'7,'rsrr. · 
I a.n<l4.d ... ,J I ~0l'lc ~r 4'e../S i . ''''1:''' et1.;~ick "" spet!i--.J 1t... ... J.s- :J" 10 N .... ..., ~3/~ ... or 1(;,,& of Pr"-Ss ..... , Pe/lll') ~d"~c .. -t ..,/16.>. lf1id',ifjM -
k ... /l4;rty ",risf~H'C -t!"s Sfrif' ~kI 6", """ "iJCI 
s .... ~ ,1, ' ''$ ""'1/ (}""'''.:I' /ii(c Pass ., ... r ... "t; " ... 
S fo.,--Irt.Jc,dh.". .. 

7 he.. Ir !}C,"" 6.'/!. 
Ifl1d now) f~e. 04"'// ~ 

171 tim •• 8 day. Smile away to Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call yOUt campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy· to-bear, low fare. PSA g .... you • 11ft. 

-

nTHlil ..... 
If you ever really wanted to 
work for love and peace, 
please come. 

Hail truth - the con-
sciousness of bliss. Jaisat 
chit anand. 

Chris Dicke y 
P.S. We have a center at 
7928 La Jolla Shores Dr. This 
quarter we are a new on-
campus group. 

Vandalism 
Cannot Be 
Justified 
Editor: 

In regards to the letter 
sent by Nestor Paz of the 
FAlN (IT 3/16), I would 
like to express a few of my 
thoughts . 

Mr. Paz speaks to the 
letterwriter who con-
demned the use of van-
dalism to make a point, 

saying that he lives in "a 
utopian state of mind." I 
think not. laws exist that 
make it illegal to deface 
public property, or proper-
ty not owned by the in-
dividual defacing it. laws 
exist to protect individual 
rights of man, not to 
further anyone cause. 

When Mr. Paz speaks of 
"destroying middle-class 
bourgeoisie me ntality 
which prevails on this cam-
pus", he is attempting to 
subdue or elimi-nat e 
f reedom of speech, or 
thought on this campus. 
Laws exist to protect these 
freedoms. When he speaks 
of "harsh realities" he is 
ignoring the fact that it is 
not his or anyone's right to 
impose their realities on 
anyone else. When men-
tioning the ph r ase 
"whatever mean s 

Communications can't be one-sided! 
There must be something that's bother-
ing you nationilllly, on campus, or eyen 
in t~is newspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETTERS TO THE EDITOR and 
will print illS many illS space permits. 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced; 
with 60-unit margins, iIInd must be re-
ceiyed no late r than Tuesday for publi-
cation on Frida y. "" contributions 
MUST include the name a nd address of 
the writer, although names will be with-
he ld on request. Mail to : TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD, La Jollill, 
92037, or submit in person at the office, 
NW corne r Blake Hall. 

Series Scripps 1972-1973 
MANDEVILLE LECTURE 

presents 

DICK 
GREGORY 
"SOCIAL PROBLEMS: 

SOCIAL or ANTI-SOCIAL" 
Wednesday 

8:00 P 8 april 25, 1973 

CASA del PRADO 
BALBOA PARK 

This lecture is free & open to 
the Public. M ade possible by 
the M andeville Foundation 

necessary", it is obvious 
that Mr. Paz has no respect 
for anyone's rights but his 
own, and he is in-
discriminately in favor of 
violating these rights. 

In conclusion, then, Mr. 
Paz has chosen 10 ignore or 
violale most of the rights 

.i nvolving freedom of 
speech, thought, and ac-
tion . And yet he depends 
upon those very rights in 
order to allow himself 
protection and a medium 
to be heard in . Ri ghts 
guaranteed by the U. S. 
Constitution and the Bill of 
Right s are non-
discriminatory, and apply 
to all. To make this a better 
world, everyone's rights 
needs protection, and you 
can't decide who gels what 
rights when and where. 

We ' ve got to work 
together to protect these 
rights, so let's not try to 
justify an asinine act of van-
dalism as a "revolutionary" 
action . Call it a mistake, 
and hopefully one that 
won't be made again . 
Good luck, Mr. Paz, and 
ma y you enjoy all of your 
rights. 

Steve Marriott 

Prisoner 
Seeks 
Correspon 
dence 
Editor: 

I 'm a straight-forward 
person so I' ll get right to 
the point. Presently, I'm 
incarcerated at McNei l 
Island Federal Prison. I 
wish to correspond with all 
young ladies but I need 
you r assista nee . 
Correspondence helps a 
man to maintain his sanity 
while behind these walls of 
confusion . It also helps 
time pass by. You can help 
me by placing these few 
lines in your school paper 
along with my name and 
number. All your efforts 
will be appreciated. I hope 
you're not biased as far as 
convicts are concerned for 
we are not disasterous 
beings. Thank you for your 
time. 

Sincerely, 
Percy Bruier 
Box No. 1000 

Steilacoom, Willsh. 98388 

FEIFFER 
AS ,0 
SEPr\RATloo f;8WeRS - . 

\ 

tG TO 
fGCAL-
If0TE6R1T£(-

" 

AS ,0 
~EAKII\:6 
aAS-
?lAW [?OCu-
l-talTS-

Tft6 ~Ss 
IS uUDeR. 
ARR6'ST 

WW W6~ 
10 THE HallA. 

, 

'triton times 
" .z bedubb. volt lJe"'ill rtddf!1. Ifoll ZIt' levrn.il vUI!Sf'n" 

E~itor-in-Chlef ..... Camy Sharick 
CIty Editor ... . ... . Carrie Rickey 
M.n.lling Ed itor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor . . Debbie Montgomery 
Business Mon.ller . Michael Greene 

Editori~ 1 Director . ... Mark Siegel 
Arts Ed,tor . ....... Tom Lindberg 
Sport. Editor ...... Michael Ralh 
Photollr.phy Editor . Malcolm Smith 
Sdence Editor . ...... larry Winn 
Secret.ry . ..... , .. Corinne Cacas 
Asslst. nl City Editor .. Kathy Kuenzi 

. Associote City Ed itor • . Richard Drom 
Michael Sesma 

Asst. Business Mllr. .. Michael Wyer 
Asst. Sports Editor . .... Mark Liska 

News Department 
Karen Armitage 
Hannah Cohen 
Greg Hicks 
Greg Moser 
TimO/Neil 
Don Maker 
lee Bure 
Laura Scudder 
~rtt ~p.irtment 
Cheryl EII.ott 
John LeLev.er 
Dave Phillip. 
p., S1aey 
Mark Young 
Doug Beanan 
Arts Department 
Glen Gen.le 
Charle. Hyde 
Greg Leonard 
Kristine Michel 
Hank Steiman 
Charle$ Unkeless 
Brandon W.nder 

Copy R .. de .. 
Karen Glick 
Barbara Randa ll 
Artists 
Corky M Caea. 
PhOI","phy 
Daryl AmSler 
Joe Eastern 
George Fisher (eVe Harper 
M.ke 5e>ma 
Production 
Jim Charley 
Charlie Heimler 
Jane'l Klemkauf 
Brooke JJrrett 
DaVid Marcus 
Andy Rogers 
M ichiel Sesma 
lusinHJ Deputment 
Carrol Bowden 

ancy Mancino 
Donna Yamamoto 

The TRITO N TIMES it o/licl.lly rec<>tlnized U 0 Sludenl newopoper by the Cummunin. 
lion brd of the Unloenlty 01 CoUlornl., Son Oiqo, 'uijdin, 250, M.Hhews Compus ... 
loll., C.IHorni. n037. Publk'lion is \wlc. weekly on Tuesd.ys .nd Frid.YL OIlk.,. ~re 
lont.d in Room 117, . .... H.II, Rewelle C.mpuL For .doert"in, phone 453-8722, Of 
453-lOOt, X 1.17; lor .dilori .. or n .... phone X 1016. Opinions elpr.,.~ in Mlver-
thement' I re those of the Mwe-rtisef and do nol ne-c:~Qrily r~flKt th~ opinion of the 

\.. 
TRITO N TIMES. 
~ .. _____________________________________ T~y~pe_s_e_rrl_·n~g _b~Y _Fo_t_ot~y~~ ____ -' 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
Rill Smith Fonitft ('If &nl~ C'U nOli' _"i~ .net rfOp.lr 

your Dat un 
Our rMdt.nkJ In qulllnll'Cl'D I.kt' ("Irlr o( trour ur 

II our rep;un performc:d un )flUr ,.::1' 
h""t oJ 6.000 mile or 6 lr'1fllh ,u.lf.Jnlcc 
\\ c .. 1\0 ~c:nrlcc: 4nd rcr •• r \ '(tlk ,\;\Io.I,cn, 

8 111 mllh Foreign ( ar r\ 1(;(' 
J4j Sou1h HI@h \lo JY 101 

I .. n •• 8e,n;tl. t 411( 
(714) 7<'.1),) 
b~tr hi,......... ....-in ... n .. k ('~ ~ 

Page 5 TuesdaYJ April 17.; 1973 Triton- Jimes 



L~tter to Allan and Fred 
Becky Cohen 

Th re is a grab-r.ag exhibition now on at the UCSD 
gallery. Part of it - the part occupying a large space at 
one end of the gallery - is called Raw Material. It 
includes eight or ten blocks of photographs, uniformly 
enlarged from contact sheets. Though presented as the 
collaborative work of five photograph-artists, it would 
seem that the major contribu tors are Allan Sekula and 
Fred lonidier. The work is clearly a continuation of the 
interests that were manifested and the mode of presen-
tation they have both used in earlier works. Formally, 
the show is like Allan's last one (Aerospace Folktales): 
groups of photographs, tape-recorded interviews of 
the subjects, and a le"ngthy "analysis" of the events or 
experience that prompted the piece taped to th e wall. 
In any case, it is Allan who takes responsibility for the 
writing in Raw Material. 

The pix are of the annual Mis ion Bay Phoro Trade 
Show and Model Shoot at Vacation Village, in San 
Diego. It is a trade show much like any other trade 
show, but eh big attraction of this affair is the Model 
Shoot. 10,000 camera bugs showed up this year to flock 
around the collection of majorette, prom queen, and 
go-go types who circulated in the V. V. gardens. During 
this event the photographer-artists pointed their 
cameras at the models and the shooters both; but the 
result, which might have car,ried its own message, is not 
allowed to speak for itself. Above each block we are 
asked, "What is your relation to these images?"; from 
below, "Are you having an appropriate aesthetic ex-
perience?" In between the blocks come other 
questions,: " Which of these pictures is the decisive 
moment?", "What is the point of making a grotesque 
event even more grotesque by using wide angle lens 
distortion?" As a group, these questions are in-
coherent. Their collective purpose is not stated and 
does not emerge. 

The nine page analysis, identified by the hand-
printed-wide-tipped-red-felt-pen "ANALYSIS" on the 
bottom of every sheet, is pinned up on a partition wall . 
Rambling and puffed-up, it announces itself as an 
anthropological discussion, but constantly violates 
what must surely be a prime rule for the anthropologist 
- taking seriously the people he is investigating. Allan 
names the whole Photo Trade Show as an art work. It 
seems unlikely that any of the 10,000 available infor-
mants would have told him the event was an art work . 
The violations cont inue with this comment, "The first-
place image is a superimposition of a girl 's face and a 
duck pond. Romanticism wins the day. This painterly 
achievement is only th e sublime tip of a pyramid of 
lesser efforts," and again, of the lady in charge of the 
models, "She believes that the winning photographs 
are in fact art." 

As anthropolog:' this is crap. From any point of view 
it would be pure s\ idery . From an art point of view it is 
hard to get why Allan declares a public event to be art 
(a perfectly standard "art-move" for years now) when 
his only purpose is to ridicule it. What is the point of 
the declaration? Is it meant to say t-hat middle class art 
- in this case the Photo Trade Show - is ridiculous? 
But if neither the organizers of the show nor the 
people who participated in it would have seen the 
event as art, what end is this 'criti cism' mear.t to serve? 

Allan was h imself one of the 10,000. He used the 
sa me sort of ca mera, the same film, the same darkroom 
equipment as the rest. Allan declares himself to be an 
artist wilh a valid claim to our attention and our time, 
and then he declares the other 9,999 people as artists 
who ca nnot. What comes out of all this is Allan's blatant 
claim to superiority. Given Allan's sel f-professed leftist 
views which are clear in his writing, it is hard to see how 
he ca n justify such elitism. 

Allan's strategy, to make oblique conceptualist 
d scrip ions of existing social st ructu res by combining 
le fti sr terminology with art terminology, can be quite a 

cpb CAMPUS 
PROGRAM BOARD 

presents 

"Be rkeley 
Bus" 

noon concert-
Muir Quad 

April 17 

Take a Ride! 
Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 17, 1973 

good one as he dl"monstrated in Aero pace Folktales. 
But what made AF vital (and what is quite lacking in 
RM) was the desire to figure out a serious question in 
relalion 10 his own life. In AF the central problem was 
determining his relation to his parents and their goals 
in life. RM bombs out becaus the central issue seems 
to be getting the audience to agree with him that the 
Trade Show people are stupid. "Since art is rather 
strictly differentiated from the real world in the 
mythology of the bourgeois culture, auspicious oc-
casions for popular art-making are few and far 
between. Sunsets, mountain vistas, and girls in exotic 
setti ngs are appropriate art material. Little else is." 
Allan puts his work in an art gallery, and presumably 
has his own stake in the bourgeois mythology. 

As for the limited art materia l of the middle class, I 
am reminded of a scene in Godard and Gorin 's " Two or 
Three Things I KNow -About Her." A young housewife 
is looking into an appliance show room window and 
thinking, " If we buy a washing machine, life would be 
easie r for me; but then we wouldn't have the money 
for a vacation . We will have to forego having a little fun 
this year if we buy th is convenience." Either choice 
involves a sacrifice and a kind of stalemate. Godard and 
Gorin are saying that most people living in the West 
have very limited choices. Either you buy this thing and 
lose that, or you buy that thing and lose this. There is 
not time and little permission to make anything 
yourself or figure anything out. The rabid desire for 
new styles and new objects is programmed into the 
\·ery structure of our society. The malevolence with 
which RM deals with people who are essentially victims 
of the society, masks the possibi lity that it is trying to 
attack the big companies responsible for maintaining 
the structu re. If it's there in the writing, it's hard to find . 

It is also impe>rtant to the photographer-artists that 
the trade show people_ seem grotesque. Not a very 
difficu lt task . The situa tion of a little blond tootsie 
leaning back and giggl ing for a man with a long lens 
and a spare tire physique rather lends itself to the 
intention. But the intention is so easy to satisfy! If you 
intend to do so, you can turn anything into a sitting 
duck from behind you r viewfinder : bacon and eggs, 
Christmas trees, whoever you live with , whoever you 
don't live with. 

Diane Arbus certainly had an eye for the grotesque, 
but she had something else as well that mollified the 
grotesquery and made it astonishing at the same time : 
She believed in each of her subjects as human beings 
endowed with human dignity. Not long ago she did a 
photograph of Mae West posing on a bed and jutting 
her lumpy figure around. Her falsies are almost 
creeping out of her corset onto her cake-like skin, and 
her wig and make-up aren't on quite straight. You are 
on the point of saying UGHI when you recognize 
something enormously human coning up from under 
all that frightening female paraphernalia. Arbus lets 
you in on the strength of the person she is shooting. 
The subject talks back through the image on its own 
terms. Mae West is not helpless prey to voyeurism as 
she might have been through someone else's lens. 
Voyeurism is nine tenths disrespect. Arbus was never a 
voyeur. 

What is rather sad about Allan's writing from a 
political point of view is t hat it amounts to 
melodramatic and impotent leftist cant. Compare his 
motives with those of Godard and Gorin. G and G are 
not only facing up to what must obViously be a central 
question for Allan and Fred, the whole issue of the 
position of the intellectual in the left; they are also 
defining the mode in wh ich the intellectual must 
speak. If you choose to engage in a problem, you must 
look at it from both sides and do so with compassion. 

In Lotte in lIalia, Paula ask s, "What is the 
revolutiona ry way to make love? Because we are of the 
bourgeois we can fuck in the afternoon. People in 
factories ca n't." ) ·he dilemma does not just relate to her 
sex- life, of cou rse; and it is a shoe that fits most of us in 
universi ty . But Godard and Gorin do not bring up 
Paula's dilemma as condemnation. By having Paula ask 
her question aloud, they are also asking her and us, 
" What are you going to do about itl" They ask this 
question constantly throughout the movie as Paula tries 
without success to join the prol tariat by working in a 
fa tory. She hasn't the stamina to keep yp with the 
production quota, and the women in the factory 
wonder, understandably, why she is not cashing in 
on the advantages of her bi rth . The dilemma is not 
solved, but it is tackled to the degree that we know the 
road from bourgeois to working class is blocked. The 
dilemma is not solved, but understood more clearly for 
what it is. 

For the successful mixing of art and politics, Godard 
and Gorin are often good models. They formulate a 
question from a socia l predica ment that they share in, 
and then work towards an understanding or a way out 
through making the film. We know the question for 
Lolle in Ira/i;) . The qu stion for Letter to Jane is " What 
do s your expression (our expression) in this 
photograph mean?" 

Allan and Fred may b com bining art and politiCS in 
Raw Mat rial, but it is hard to see wh at question they 
ar asking or what us th combination 5 rves for 
th m. There is a difference b twe n dial tic and cant. 
Ther is a diff r n b twe n teaching and sneering, 
and that differ nc is bound up in s If-examination. I 
think it is important here to a k you both your own 
qu('stion, "What is your relation to these imagesl" 

• 

Outdoor Li 
Greg Leonard 

Wednesday, April 11, at Revelle plaza, the student body 
series of free noon concerts to be given during the Spring q 
or alternating week basis. 

This past week saw the campus premier of The Cowboys, a North County band 
whose members are Billy Odom, lead vocals, rhythm electri guitars; his cousin, 
Bob Odom, drums, vocals, harmonica; Paul Dean, lead gUltar:: . fnn,is Babinau, bass and 
vocals. 

Their own sound is an extension of that originated by the the Sweetheart of 
the Rodeo period and that of Bob Dylan's John Wesley nar·dinIIN;I,hi·vi/le Skyline. This 
sound originated with the early white folk music of this became 'country 
music' during the 1930's (through Jimmy Rogers, The , Hank Williams), 
and which in the mid-1960's, with the union of the vocal- then popular in 
Nashville, and with . the electrified/amplified atmosphere of became 'country 
rock.' 

Their repertoire is composed, in part, of medleys by the a writ ing team of Furay 
& Messina, also of Flying Burrito Brothers, Pure Prairie (Gene Clark & Chris 
Ethridge) and, for contrast, Badfinger (memorable due 's production, 
Apple Records marketing and that band's own high qual ity of the 1965-66 
Beatles.). 

Personal high points of Wednesday's show was the Jack 
Feeling", an acoustic number with a truly beautiful 
Billy's fine vocal and offset by the very clean fill-the-holes 
done were the Ritchie Furay song "C'mon", which has a 
the Poco/ New Riders medley of "You Better Think 

As with any outdoor concert, there are technical n .. ~hll.>r ... 
particularly those groups which emphasize harmony. The 
unless it's properly set up or monitored, they cannot hear 
the Cowboy's drummer, Bob Odom, who couldn't hear t 
the instrumental parts, but, fortunately, they were mon 
intact. Roy Raisin seemed to suffer in the same way on last 

Although 'fine' sound outdoors is an unrealistic goal, I'm 
the sound will improve. 

Having seen this band many times at their Wednesday thru 
clear that their prime assets are a pleasing mixture of 
group which comes only from much practice. If anyone I 
good indoor environment, they play four nights a week at 
Avenue in Escondido. 

tune, " Peaceful Easy 
ny complementing 

Pau l Dean. Also well 
r pattern, and 

's sound, 
n,.nn,>r",r1 beca use, 
A case in point was 

rs of the band on 
the sound remained 

club engagement, it's 
and a tightness as a 
r The Cowboys in a 
t locker on Grand 

This Tuesday, the noon concert will be at Muir, with tit Bus. Something to 
remember : If any of the bands presented are ones you ~~~"'.IIU IU like to see again, 
please contact me, in writing, through the Triton Times it on to those with 
the power to act. 

While ClingIng to f.ded IIIu-
Ilonl of Southem gentilIty, a 
mother strives 10 InJlcl I 
goal In 1If. for her .on end 
daughter, .s they ••• k •• capo 
from her .IIfllng Inlluonc • . A 
drama of grelt tenderna'I, 
•• nlltl.l ty and complliion. 

AT THE GLOBE 

INt>lANS 

Brought to lire throush v,l.llly 
and enerlY, Indians bursts 
forth in a rousing and bIller 
stru8&le. Manipulated by un· 
scrupulous profiteers. Buffalo 
Bill compromises his lif. and 
love for the Indian nation as his dream of Ilory leads 10 
nl,hlm.rlsh corruption. 

Orchestral Glitter 
Charles Hyde 

T~e San Diego. Symphony featured pianist Alexis 
Welssenberg (or Its concert pair last week. It was 
conducted by Robert Zeller, and it was a limited if fairly 
well done concert. What I mean by limited is just this : 
all the cor~posers were born within a 61-year period, 
from Faure (1845) to Shostakovitch (1906). As a result 
the music was not as varied as some programs. ' 

Shostakovitch's F stive Overture, composed in 1954 
is a trivial piece of music recalling his early ballet days: 
Mr. Zeller is, in fact, primaril y a ballet condUdor. 

Compl~te with .open~ng. fanfairs and central lyrical and 
dance-like sectIons, 11 fills all the requirements for an 
unimaginative piece of show music. 

This was followed by a glittering performance of 
Prokofieff's Third Piano Concerto in C. This work dates 
from 1917-21. It is an excellent piece : virtuoso, 

continued on page 10 

Ellingtoni~ and the Cat 
Campus Program Board presents "Cat" Anderson 

and his quintet in a free jazz concert, Friday, April 20th 
at 8:30 p.m. in Revelle Cafeteria. 

Inspire~ by Loui~ Armstrong, Anderson took up jazz, 
toured With CarolIna Cotton Pickers (1932-36), Sunset 
Royal orchestra (1936-41), then with lucky Mill inder, 
and Erskine Hawkins. First prominent as a composer 
and soloist on "How 'Bout That Mess" with Doc 
Wheeler's Sunset Royals, Anderson joined Lionel 
Hampton in the summer of 1942 for a two year stint. 
From 1944 until recently he was the mainstay of Duke 
El.llington's trumpet section. Ellington often called upon 
him for apparently Impossible feats of high note 
virtuosity beyond the reach of other members of the 
band. 

Anderson has by no means limited himself to spec-
tacular displays of technique in th e upper regi~ter of 
the t.rumpet. He is an artist of extra-ordinary lyric gifts 
and IS as successfu l in creating moods of introspection 
as in generating excitement and extroverted joy. 

Anderson is of the generation of Johnny Hodges, 
Ben Webster, and Lionel Hampton, and has frequently 
been featured with these giants of Jazz. He is an artist in 
their rich and complex and largely unclassified manner. 
Friday's concert might well be characterized as 
"Ellinglonia and Beyond." 

Violi n-Piano Duo 
C~amber Mu , Lovers will get a 

speCial treat at a Violin -piano duo recital 
to be presented by the UCSD Depart-
ment of Musi , Tuesday, April 17 at 8:30 
in Recital Hall 409, Matthews Campus. 

Howard Wells, noted pianist and Jim 
Star~ , violin winn('f of th e Monterey 

P~nlnsu la Chamber Music Competition 
will play Beethoven 's Sonata No 7 op. 30 
no. 2; Sonata in A major by Franck and 
Sonate by Bloch. 

Mr. Wells, visiting lecturer at the 
UCSD Music Department, has appeared 
as so loist with many orches tras and 
chamber groups - including the LA 
Philharmonic under Alfred Wa llenstein 
San Diego Symphony under Robe r; 
Shaw and Arthur Fiedler. He performed 
at the Bach Festival, the LA County 
Museum Broadcasts, "Evenings on the 
Roof", the Griller and Holl ywood 
Quartets and with Joseph Schuster and 
Pierre Fournier, cellists. He has toured 
major ci ties in the US and Europe, in-
cluding a Town Hall recital in New York. 

Jim Stark is first violinist with the NEW 
AGE STRING QUARTET which has 
played succe sfull y in the cu llural 
centers of the United States. He won first 
prize in the South Bay Chamber Music 
Competition in Los Angeles in 1969. 
Currently, Mr. Stark is a m mber of the 
San Diego Symphony, and a student at 
UCSD. 

TV 
ornotTV 

The Firesign Theatre, that audio phan-
tasmagoria thaI has thrilled audiences of 
all age~ for years, has recently b n out 
of circu lation, much to the dismay of 
their. loya l followers. Three years, to be 
preCise, have elapsed since th ir last 
publi p rformance; and in the in lerim 
many changes have taken place. The 
original conglomeralion is no more, due 
to va~ i ous difficulties less than worthy of 
mentIon here. What has aris n from this 
transitional period is a fragmentation of 
the original group; only Phil Proctor and 
Peter Bergman remain. This fraClion is, 
however, none the wor~e for wear · they 
have regrouped and are about t~ em-
bark on an entirely new multi-media 
cross-cou ntry tour. Included in the show 
will be comedy and live musical theatre 
complete wilh s ts and lighting and 
other surprises. "TV or Not TV" is the 
banner under ~hich they will cavort, 
and the whole ngamarole will be kicked 
off here in Sa n Diego at the Civic 
Theatre in the Community Concourse. 
This world premier will be ol1e night 
only, April 19 al 8:00 p.m. Radio KGB is 
presenting " TV or NOl TV" and lickets 
are $2.50, $3.00 and $3.75, and are 
available at the usual places. 

THIS SUMMER 
study 
in Old 
Monterey 
Cool summer ~ays , the gr~at natu~al beauty and the cultural traditions of the 
Monterey Peninsula prOVide an Ide~1 setting f~r part icipating in special 
programs offered at the Monterey Inslitute of ForeIgn Studies, a fully accred-
Ited, prIvate liberal arts college. 
8 WEEK SESSION JULY 2-AUGUST 25 
Upper Division and Graduate courses in : 

Langua~e and Civil i zations, Education , Area Stud ies, Economic:s, 
Inlernatlonal Management, Linguistics, Political Science. 

Summer Workshop in Consecutive / Simultaneous Interpretation. 
E~rollment is limited , so send for full information TODAY to : Dean of Ad-
miSSIons, Montere~ Institute of Foreign Studies, P. O. Box 1978, Department F 
Monterey, CalIfornIa 93940. ' 

Monterey 
Institute 
of Foreign 
Studies 

Pag 7 Tuesday, April 17, 1973 Triton Tim s 



s 
p 
o 
R 
T 
S 

1M Softball 

'Boog' Blasts Yuba City 6-2 
Dave Phillips 

Ah, the sunshine of Santa Barbara is beckoning, and 
sixteen coed softball teams decided to try to get a free 
weekend trip up there for fun and games at the AII-
Cal Day, Unfortunately, only one team can go, so a 
double elimination tournament is being held which is 
knocking off prospective UCSD representatives like 
flies. 

It all started a week and a half ago when the iM 
Department set up the first round match-ups. Pre-
season favori tes prevailed in all but one of the first 
round games, with the Ramb lettes th e only unexpected 
casualty. It seems that Neil , Rosie, Keith, and Co. 
overslept, thus forfeiting their fi rst game and dropping 
into the loser's bracket. 

Meanwhile, i n round two, alwa ys tough 
Passionflower squeaked by a scrappy Muad Dib team, 
only to fall at the hands of the slightly erratic Goosers. 
While this was going on, the Inept Maladroits sneaked 
past Willie's Perverts before blowing a big game to th e 
Orchetts, thus living up to thei r name for the first time. 

Now that the dust has almost settled, the Goosers 
and Orchetts are still undefeated and will be squaring 
off some time this week in a rematch of last year's 
classic struggle for the championship . It is rumored that 
Pat and Dave are ou t for revenge at any price, and with 
such stars as Frenchy, Luke, Jana, Cheryl, and Debbie, 
they just might have the fir e-power to overcome crazy 
Sheff, and his cohorts (most notably Randy, MC Rat, 
Bruce, Julie, and Donn a) in the big game. In the loser's 
bracket, Passionflower pulled off a stunning upset .over 
the Ramblettes, bu t must face the m ighty Maladrolts to 
determine which team gets the dubious honor of 
facing the loser of the Gooser-Orchett game. At this it 
appears that the latter two teams are in command and 
will go down to the wire to determine the cha m-

Sports Calendar 
This week's sports calen-

dar is a little late to allow 
for all you sports fans to get 
a little respite and hit the 
old books for awhile. Do 
not be dismayed, howev~ r, 
th re are a couple of ac-
tivities to allow you to take 
study breaks. 

The mL'n's tennis team 
comes bi'c ~ from a week 
la y-off r.H n' to go and 
drawing 50me sti ff com-
pet ition . 'J ( Riverside will 
be com ,ng down from 
Smo ggs\ il l e, U .S.A. to 
combat t"1E! local SWingers. 
Coach Y?maguchi predicts 

a tough battle but the local 
team expects successful 
com pet ition. 

The match is a home 
match, so scratch your 
plans to study that after-
noon and head on out to 
the courts. The match starts 
at 7:30 p.m. and you shou ld 
be in for a good show. 

The baseball team is also 
in action Tuesday against 
cross-town ri va I version III, 
USD. The ga me is away at 
7:30 p.m., at the USD fi eld . 
Notice the time, 7:30, so 

continued on page 9 

fun-stop 
shopping 
Artlques, books, candles, fountains, lewelry, leather, mocrom~, 
pOlnllngs, polS-in focI, everylhing for Ihe person who doesn I 
have everything . 3780 Mission Blvd. in old Mission Beach. Phone 
488-3521 . Mon . Ihru Thurs. 11 :30 am 1o 9:00 pm - Fri . 11:30 om 
1o 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm- Sun. 11 :30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YABYUm 
Page 8'Triton Time~ TuesdaYr-Af>ri I 17, 1973 

pionship unless the Maladroits really put their game 
together in a hurry. Pa ssi onflower is a long-shot, but 
cannot be discounted. 

Over in the men's softball leagues, it is much too 
early to try to predict any winners, but Boog (formerly 
De Anza) , the Orcs, the Ramblers, and the Yuba City 
Honkers appear to be the class of the field this year 
(what a coincidence, that those four teams were the 
finalists in last year's championship playoffs.) Surprise 
of the young season was an opening-day match-up 
between Boog and Yuba City. A grand total of five 
people knew that the two powerhouses were to meet 
each other until five minutes before the game when 
word finally got up. Slightly less surprising was the 
result, as the Honkers once again fell at the hands of 
their old nemesis, losing 6-2. See you in the playoffs, 
guysl 

Over in the gym, volleyball has gotten underway, 
and inner-tube water polo will be following close 
behind . Tune in next week for info on both of these 
sports. 

W ater Wonders 
Winging Away 

If you ' re the kind of person who enjoys getting his 
feet wet -literally - but not immerse the whole foot, 
there is a program for you on this campus. Every 
Monday and Wednesday, a small group of close friends 
and sport 's lovers get together around the poo to have 
a li ttle fun . What this means is putting in a couple of 
goals and tossing a water polo ball around. 

This activity is eXCiting and not too strenuous, just 
right for the amateur. In other words, if you've seen 
those people in the pool with the funny looking hats, 
and thought they were having a good time, come on by 
and try it you rself. This workout isn' t mandatory or 
stru ctured to a large degree. The goal is to work on 
funda m entals, learn the basics, keep the feel of the 
game, and have a good time. 

Assistant water polo coach Gary Becker is organizing 
the get-together and would like to talk to you. The 
people meet every Monday and Wednesday from 3-
5:30 and if you're faintly interested be sure to drop by. 

cpb 
presents 

ZENDIK! 
ilElectric Ren aissance M usic" 

FR IDAY - A PRi l 27, 1973 
8:30 P.M. REVELLE CAFETERI A 

Admiss ion is FREE 
T ICKETS O N SA LE: 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 
Tues. - Thurs_ 2-5 Friday - 2-4 

Closed Monday 

Doubles Team 
Places Third 
At All Cal 

UC Riverside was the 
scene of the first annuaLAI! 
Cal women 's i n ter-
collegiate tennis tourna-
ment over this last 
weekend. 

facing representatives 
from UCLA,- UC Irvine, UC 
Santa Barbara, and Host UC 
Riverside, the Tritons 
managed an impressive 
third in doubles competi-
tion though they were 
eliminated early in singles 
matches. Each school was 
allowed to enter two 
doubles teams and two 
singles. 

Irene Alle n of UCSD 
won her first match handily 
only . to drop he r next 
match to underrated Karen 
Dawson of UCLA in the 
second round. Her Triton 
teammate Ann Gois h i 
found herself in the un-
savory position of facing 
Linda Lewis of UCLA, 
formerly a nationally 
ranked junior in the fi rst 
round. Though she made 
linda work for her victory, 
Ann soon found herself in 
the consolation bracket. 
There she played a great 
match against Cindy Cazin, 
also of UCLA, which went 
down to a tie breaker in 
the third set, unfortulljltely 
with our girl on the lower 
end of the score. 

In doubles th e Tritons 
fi elded the two teams con -
sisting of Marilyn Wilder 
and Sheree Lloyd and 
Margaret Eisele and Cheryl 
Elliot. The first duo, 

Mari lyn and Sheree were 
slightly overwhelmed by a 
Santa Barbara team in the 
first round. In the consola-
tion bracket, though signs 
and flashes of b rilliance 
more than occasion ally 
showed t h rough, th ey 
were once again handed 
defeat by a team from 
Rivers ide whom th ey easily 
defeated much to the dis-
appointment of the home 
crowd. They then out· 
classed an Irvine Anteater 
team 6-0, 6-0. Then came 
showdown time as the two 
girls met the top seeded 
UCLA doubles team, bu t a 
change in strategy came a 
little late, and the Tritons 
dropped a close m atch to 
the team that was to go on 
and win the tou rnament. 
Cheryl and Margaret then 
avenged Sh eree and 
Marilyn's loss to a Santa 
Barbara team by beating 
that same team 6-1, 6-1 to 
captu re third place. 

Alt h o u gh UCLA 
dominated, winning 
and second places in both 
singles and doubles, thE 
tournament was well rur 
with everyone getting to 
play at least two matches 
Next year the tourney will 
be held up North in Santa 
Barbara as it makes its 
round through the 
ca mpuses. As for 
Tritons - they play in 
in one of their b 
tourneys of the year, 
26-26. 

CAMPUS 
PROGRAM BOARD 

presents 

"Berkeley Bus" 
noon concert - Muir Quad 

April 17 

Take a Ride! 

Moscone and 
Marijuana 

State Senate Democratic Leader George Moscone has introduced legislation which 
calls for a thorough study, under a Select Committee process, of the effects of legalizing 
marijuana. 

" This state is totally unprepared to meet the crisis that would result from li fting 
certain penalt ies fo r use of marijuana," stated Senator Moscone. 

"It is my intention that a committee from the legislature ought to evaluate the 
complex issues th at arise from legalization . Whether one agrees with lega li za tion or 
opposes it, the effects of its being legal cannot be ignored. 

"I f, for instance, fewer than 20 per cent of the voters of this state changed th ei r minds 
about personal use of marijuana, its use would be legal in California . We mu st hold 
hearings and gather a great deal of information on the subjects of advertiSing, age at 
when it can be used, its quality controls and sales methods. 

" To continue to ignore such real problems is to evade the critical issues that may 
someday be thrust upon all Californians," continued Senator Moscone. 

"Senator Moscone's resolution asks the Senate Rules Committee to establish a Select 
Committee on Regu lation and Control of Marijuana's Personal Use. 

" The regulation of tobacco and alcohol uses have been a miserable failure in 
prevent.ing per~o n al ab~se," continued Senator Mosc~.ne. . . 

" It is Imperative th at, In the event personal use of marijuana IS made pOSSible, we take 
a deep look at what controls 'are necessary and vital to the public interest. 

"I intend to ask both the Departments o f Justice and Health to join with me in seeking 
as much info rmation in the way of background for the public and the legislature as is 
possible. We must know what the possib le pitfalls are. • 

" We have 9-million alcoholic or problem drinkers in this nation, more than 50-million 
persons who smoke cigarets. The laws governing sales and use ofthese items have been 
an utter failu re. 

" If the day comes when personal use of marijuana is made legal, we ought to avoid all 
the problems that w ere incurred in regulation of smoking mater ials ' sales and of 
alcohol. . 

"This state can't afford to deal with t h is matter on a crisis basis. We can' t afford to 
come back into a legislative session the ' day after' an election and attempt to deal with 
one of the most complex problems of our society," concluded Senator Moscone. 

UC Videotapes 
SANTA CRUZ - A un-

ion listing of the Universi-
ty of California's video-
tape holdings is currently 
in prepara t ion und er a 
$10,000 grant from the In-
novative Proje cts in 
Unive rsity In st ru c tion 
program. 

The purpose of the pilot 
project, proposed by the 
President's Advisory Com-

Calendar ... 
continued from page 8 
the home town gang will 
be playing like the big boys 
- under the lights. If you 
feel like that trating that 
important person to a good 
time take him/ her to the 
game, after all, you can't 
beat the price. 

Wednesday the women's 
tennis team will attempt to 
get back on the winning 
track. They will be facing 
cross-town rival version II , 
USIU, and some hot licks 
tennis should be pl ayed. 

mittee for Learning 
Resources, is to promote 
and facilitate th e use and 
exc han ge of videotape 
m aterials held by the 
various UC campuses and 
to avoid cost ly production 
of mat e ri al a lr ea d y 
avai lable. 

Director of the project is 
Thomas J. Karwin, Coor-
dinator of Instru ct ional 
Services on the UC, Santa 
Cru z c ampus . Project 
Manager is Rober t 
Blankholm, Superv isor of 
UCSC' s Learning 
Laboratory. They are being 
assisted by David Kirk , 
Learning Laboratory Assis-
tant. 

To obtain a copy of a 
tape, the resulting campus 
will simply send a sufficient · 
supply of raw videotape to 
the proper campu s source. 
A duplicate tape will be 
mad e by the campus 
holding the original, and 
the videotape copy will be 
returned to the campus 
requesting the duplication. 

Expenses will be 
minimal, in volving only the 

which it has rights will be 
listed in th e catalogue. All 
listings are voluntary and 
all tape s l isted will be 
available to any UC cam-
pus. 

" We have received en-
tries from most major UC 
hold ers of video tapes 
within the University," said 
Karwin, " and we are en-
couragi ng additional en-
tries from other sources -
faculty, student or staff -
interested in being in-
cluded . Entry forms, one 
for each tape, are available 
by writing Rob ert 
Bl ankholm, Supervisor; 
Learning Laborator y, 
Instructional Ser vices; 
UCSC, Santa Cruz, Califor-
nia 95064. 

'# Electronic 
Brain Control 

Ruth Tebbets/ PNS 
*Ms. Tebbets joined Pacific News as an Editor after several years as a free-
lance writer in Asia. One of a continuing series of articles on the growing 
use of medical knowledge for control of individuals by police and 
government offiCials, this report sums up her weeks of research and 
interviews on electronic brain control. . 

SAN FRANCISCO: 
" Before long, parolees in this country will be wired up like the Ho Chi Minh Trail and 

cont rolled like smart bombs," commented a San Francisco-based researcher in 
penology. 

From quiet libraries to university laboratories, electronic behavior control is moving 
out of the province of science fiction writers. A recently published proposal by Dr. 
Gerald Smith and Dr. Burton Ingraham, two scientists spearheading this movement, 
explores the potential use of electronic technology on parolees, high risk ex-convicts, 
and people on bail. 

This proposal (aimed, according to Smith, at "stirring up interest in the Justice 
Department") advocates the use of electronics "to maintain twenty-four hour-a-day 
surveillance over the subject and to intervene electronically or physically to influence 
and control selected behavior." 

Ingraham and Smith explain how their system might work: "A parolee with a past 
record of burglaries is tracked to a downtown shopping district and the physiological 
data reveals an increased respiration rate, a tension in the musculature, and an 
increased flow of adrenal in. It would be a safe guess, certainly, that he was up to no 
good. 

" The computer in this case, weighing the probabilities, would come to a decision and 
alert the police or parole officer so that they could hasten to the scene; or, if the subject 
were equipped with an implanted telemeter [long-d ista nce transmitter-receiver system] 
it could transmi t an electrical signal which could block further action by the subject by 
ca using him to forget or abandon his project. " 

The system proposed by Drs. Ingraham and Smith would work like a thermostat. A 
prisoner is equipped with an unremovable electronic d vice implanted in his brain. 

I. IN THE LABORATORIES 
"What I propose is the adoption of a strategy for mental planning. The project of 

conq uering the human mind could be a central theme for international cooperation," 
says Dr. Jose Delgado, the "father of electrophysiology" (the study of brain nerves) . He 
explains that current brain research supports the conclusion that " motion, emotion , 
and behavior can be directed by electrical forces and that humans can be controlled 
like robots by pushbuttons." 

Delgado has developed a technique, electronic stimulation of the brain (ESB) to 
control brain nerves. Through a simple operation, electrode shafts, very fine wires 
insulated with teflon and scraped bare at the tips to permit passage of current , are 
inserted in the brain. The ends of the wires are soldered to a small socket anchored to 
the skull . 

By applying electric current to the electrode shafts, Delgado has been able to invoke 
all kinds of beh avior in experiments on monkeys, cats, birds, and humans. Fear, anxiety, 
apathy, disorientation, loss of memory, blackout, as well as pleasure, sexual excitement, 
and euphoria can be induced electrically . 

Delgado stresses the significance of experiments done on a monkey named Paddy, in 
which brai n patterns we re effectively altered . Each time a computer picked up electrical 
impuses comi ng from the area of Paddy's brain correlated with aggressiveness and 
excitement, a punishing ESB was sent to a part of the brain associated with fear and pa in. 

This ESB had an effect simi lar to slapping a child's hand each time he touches a 
forbidden object. Within two hours impulses coming from the brain's aggressive area 
decreased by 50 per cent. A few days later there were practically no impulses at all . 
Paddy's changed behavior - less aggression, diminished appetite, and laziness -lasted 
two weeks. 

" In th is case we were able to get one area of the brain to communicate with the 
other," Delgado explains. "Soon, with the aid of a computer, we may have direct 
contact between two different brains - without the participation of the senses." 

II, O UT O f THE LABORATORI ES ONTO THE STREETS 
While Delgado's experimentation quietly progresses, the technological links are 

being forced to take brain control out of the laboratory onto the streets. Delgado and 

continued on page 10 

lVlloa?l£M7Unl 

WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW The match will be at 
home agai n to round out a 
couple o f fine days of ten-
nis exhibition. The match 
will be played Wednesday, 
that's tomorrow, at 3:00 
p.m. 

• price of the raw tape, costs 
of duplicat ion, and ship-
ping charges. 

FREE FREE 
OFSAN DIEGO 

Prelim inary Approval g ranted by the 
Committee of Bar Examiners of the 
State Bar of California. Only those materials the 

University owns or to 

MALE UNIQUE fMfI'ULSE' 

o o o '0 o o 

BODY KDVE·A S 
o 0 0 D . .0 O. 

KENNINGl"ON 
."ATEN 

1448 c. •• 'DIf 111M 
'011 .. eoti6. 92014 
155-3551 

LOY' 'N' ITUllf 

... . - . ....--. . .. .. .. . . ..... .. ..... .. ..... 

E FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 

E FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 

E FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE 

E FR 
FREE 

E FR 
FREE 

FREE FREE FREE FREE 
that 's how much the 
classified ads in the 
Triton Times cost to 

UCSD students 

EE FREE 
FREE 

FREE 

E FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE 

FREE FREE 
FREE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 

REE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
E FREE FREE FREE FREE fREE 

FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FR EE 

FREE FREE FREE FREE 

EE FREE 
FREE 

EE FREE 

A n eligib le In.tllullon for 
Federally Insured Student Loan •• 

now accepting men and women who have II minimum 0' either: 

2 years of acceptable college 
credits (60), or are 
over 23 and have attained intellec-
tual ability the equivalent of above 
(to be determined by test) . 

The degree of LL.B . or J .D. can be earned In 4 
years of part-time classes; 3 classes per week , 3 
hours-per class. 

Graduates are eligible to take the 
California Slate Bat Examination. 

write or phone for Information 
or cat.lt'll 

1333 Front Street 
SAil D ~" 
232·6506 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
SEPTEMBER' 6th CLASSES 
(Both Day and EvenIng C/asse.) 

APPROVED FOR VETERANS 



Orchestra Glitter 
continued from ruse 7 

melodic, mature. r. Weissenberg is the perfect per-
son to perfoHT t. He is capable of the powerful 
(Prokofieff's music sometimes has the habit of soun-
ding like the Ru sian Army marching in) and yet has a 
beautiful dynamic range that lets him play the delicate 
beautifully. The =-econd movement is of special beauty : 
it is a theme and variations interplayed between the 
soloist and orchestra. 

The orchestral highlight was reached with Gabriel 
Faure's Suite from Pelleas et Melisande. This was 
composed as incidental music to the play. It is soft and 
very beautiful, containing many of the lovely, flaring 
melodies ~hat Faure is famous for. It is only a shame that 
it is easier to get aroused to an emotional peak with an 
exciti ng piece like the Prokofieff Concerto than a 
subdued piece like this. 

The concert concluded with "Pines of Rome" by 
Ottorino Respigi, the first piece in a trilogy of 
Symphonic poems about Romei it was completed in 
1924. One of the outstanding features of the score is 
that it takes orchestrating to its farthest limit : it calls for 
a tape recording of a nightingale. I think that is 
ridiculous. Anyway, this too, is not one of the most 
inspired pieces of music. This is one of the pieces that 
Toscanini was most famous for (th ere is sti ll a recording 
available). 

While on the subject of recordings, there is an 
amazing recording of the Prokofieff Concerto Number 
Three by Byron Janis on Mercury - worth looking for, 
as it has recently been withdrawn. I saw it recent ly for 
$1 .97, a real bargain . 

UC lobby. • • 
continued from page 1 

runs pretty much against it. The Lobby feels that this is 
simply a "cheap attempt to buy off student dissension 
and justi fy the Regents in the process." 

At this point the Lobby Annex at UCSD is jllst getting 
started. The function of the Annex will be to provide 
information to Sacramento on existing conditions at 
UCSD, and to speak with the legislators from this area, 
whenever they come to the districts. 

tudent support and input is needed in order for the 
Lobby to become an effective voice for the students. 
Anyone with an ·interest in government, and especially 
anyone with complaints or information on present 
practices, will find a natural ally in the Lobby. By next 
fall, when the legislature r cesses for Interim Hearings, 
the lobby should be oragnized enough to testify on the 
major problems which affect this campus, and hopeful-
ly the legislato rs will take what they say to heart. 

Capital ism ... 
continued from page 1 

had a great deal of experience in economics. Since 1963 
he has been the editor of the Quarterly Review of 
Economi s and Business. 

Dr. Daniel Orr, professor of Economics at Revelle, 
will take the opposing position. Capitalism does not 
preclude a healthy ecological balance in the U. S. 

Orr has also been busy in the field of economics and 
business. He received his Ph.D. from Princeton in 1960 
and taught at Amherst before coming to UCSO. He was 
chairman of the UCSD Economics Department last 
year. 

Orr sees capit alism in a different light than Schiller . 
He has worked for a large corporation and wrote the 
book Ca h Management and the Demand for Money. 

Each spea ker will be given about half an hour to 
prese nt his VI ws. Afterward there will be a question 
and answer period where members of the audienc 
can ta lk to each of the spakers. 

The debat e is being sponsored by the Revelle Guest 
in Res idence Commitltee . Student, faculty, staff and 
m mbers of the University community are invited to 
att nd this free debate. 

"The best shakes in town" 

Colleges Polled Re: Higher Education Goals 
A' legislative committee released 

results of a survey of 116 college 
communities and 23,820 persons 
regarding goals for California higher 
-education. 

"Sizable discrepancies indicate 
conflicts of interest and potential 
campus discord," said Richard Peter-
son (Educational Test ing Service). 
author of a report to the Joint Com-
mittee on the Master Plan for Higher 
Education. 

The survey included students, 
faculty, administrators, presidents 
and chancellors, governing board 
members, and community residents 
surrou nding two - and four-year 
institutions of higher education. 
Every public and private co llege and 
university in the state was invited to 
participate. A questionnaire asked 
respondents to identify their percep-
tion of present campus priorities, and 
then to identify what the priorities 
shou ld be. 

Th e report reveal s many conflicting 
beliefs between the various groups 
regarding the imp0rlance of several 
goals. For example, whil e faculty at 
the University of California (UC) do 
not consider individual personal 
development a hi g h priority 
educational goal, students rate it of 
great importance. This goal includes 
self-confidence, self-understanding 
and a ca paci ty for open and trusting 
interpersonal relationsh ips. 

A similar pattern exists on cam-
puses of the California State Universi-
ty and Colleges (CSUC) regarding 
vocational preparation as a campus 
goal. Wh ile facult y feel that only 
moderate importance shou ld be at-
tached to career preparation, th e 
students gave this goal very high 
priority. 

There were particularly marked 
differences in rati ngs between the 

governing bodies of UC and CSUC 
and the other groups. Whereas the 
students, faculty, administrators and 
community people tended to want 
more importance atached to such 
goals as innovation and democratic 
governance, the CSUC Trustees and 
often the UC Regents preferred no 
higher priority for these goals. 
Although among all other groups -
including the off-campus community 
samples - there is the belief that 
ca mpus governance should be more 
participatory, this goal has little sup-
port among th e Tru stees and 
Regents. 

There is widespread disagreement 
on how innovative campuses should 
be. At the California State University 
and Colleges, there is strong support 
for acquiring the capacity for innova-
tion and renewal. Yet , " Judging from 
these data ... the system's Board of 
Trustees could prove to be an 
obstacle." Of all groups surveyed the 
Trustees placed the least value upon 
institutional experimentation and in-
novation as well as on the role of the 
university and college as an advocate 
or instrument for social change. 

Th e single most pronounced dis-
parity in preferred goal priorities was 
found between University of Califor-
nia students and Regents. 

College and university sponsored 
off-campus learning, including ex-
tension programs and the awarding 
of degrees on the basis of non-
traditional study, is perceived 
currently by most respondants as a 
goal of " low importance". By con-
trast, most respondants felt that it 
should be given greater attention. 
The faculties ... " ar e th e l eas t 
enthusiastic about expanding off-
ca mpus learming opportunities. " 
CSUC Trustees are generally un-
interested in this concept. " The sam-

Women's Caucus 
Many Christian Heisi ng and Virginia Taylor, co-

convenors of the San Diego County National Women's 
Political Caucus, announce the formation of two new 
NWPC units in San Diego County. The South Bay 
NWPC unit wwll be organized by Ms. Janice Crooks 
(818 Harwood Street, Chula Vista) . A new San Diego 
unit will be I d by Ms. Pa t Zatarian, 4770 Dwight St., San 
Diego. 

According to Heising and Taylor, the San Diego 
NWPC began in December of 1971 and was introduced 
to the San Di ego county through the efforts of the 
Policy Coun il of the National NWPC. Some of the 
early leaders were Gloria Steinem, Shirley Chisholm, 
and Bella Abzug. Sissy Farenthold of Texas is currently 
the Chairwoman of the National NWPC. 

The National Women's politica l caucus is designed to 
en ourage and support the elections of qualified 
women to the appointive and elective offices of local, 
stat e and national government structure. 

pie of UC Regents ... would prefer -
contrary to the general thru st of opi-
nion in the system - no change or a 
slight scaling down of off-campus 
operations." 

Disagreements among the various 
groups are greater in the University 
of California and California State 
University and Colleges than in com-
munity colleges and private in-
stitutions. 

The survey indicates substantial un-
iformity ffrom campus to campus 
within the statewide systems. The 
"should be" preferences indicate a 
desire for even greater homogeneity . 
Peterson suggests in his conclusions 
that homogeneity is not in the best 
interest of the state or individual 
students and that in stea d there 
shou ld be a policy of planned in-
sti tutional diversity of mission and 
function . 

The Peterson report, "Goals for 
California H igher Education: A 
Survey of 116 College Communities" 
was released in conjunction with a 
series of public hearings being held 
by the Joint Committee . The Com-
mittee released a draft of its final 
report regarding California higher 
education on February 18th. 

Assemblyman John Vasconcellos 
(D-Santa Clara County) and Senator 
Howard Way (R-Exeter) are chairmen 
and vice chairman of the Joint Com -
mittee. Other members are Senators 
Alfred Alquist (D-San Jose), Denni s 
Carpenter (R-Newport Beach). Mer-
vyn Dymally (O-Los Angeles) , Albert 
Ro dda (D-Sacramento) and 
Assemblymen Willie Brown D-Sa n 
Francisco)' Jerry Lewis (R-San Bernar-
dino), and Ken Meade (O-Oakland) . 

................... 

The NWPC is also interested in the various issues 
pertaining to equa l rights of women and is currently 
involved in supporting the ratification in Congress of 
the Equal Rights Amendment which requires approval 
by 38 states. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

Baja Kits-
Discount Coupon 
4 Styles 5 % Off Kits 

The local cau cus supported the appointment of a 
woman to the judgeship, and is cu.rrently involved in 
task forces on reform of penal institution codes for 
wom en, tenu re of women teachers in all levels of 
education, Grand Ju ry re form, and child day care 
centers. Similar NWPC caucuses will be formed in 
geographical areas in North and east counties and 
Escondido. Further information can be obtained from 
M s. Heising or Ms. Taylor at 459-2559 or 281 -2428. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

• 

· • 

Accessories 
purchased with kits 

20% Off 
Fiber Mex 
283 Broadway, 
Chula Visla 

· •••••••••••••••••••• 

;~ Ricke delectable aa.ket and 
Plale Menue. offer 

aeef. Fish, Fowl, and even 
limited Mexican Varlelles 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman' 
OPTOMETRIST 

BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGET! 

Made The Old· Fashioned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDAES Made with Real Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze & Burger Kitchen 

NEW MIDWAY 
FED MART STORE 

3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
(Across from Sports Arena) 

-EYES EXAMINED .pRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 
-CONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 

HOURS: Mon.-Frl. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sal. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 
5504 La Jolla Blvd . 459-1 877 224-2973 2~4-2974 

"atest fashions 
in wire frames (Family-owned & operated) 

, , 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesday, April 17, 1973 
, , ! nl)!' I V", . ,. ' /' ,) ,~ I I I 'l !l 

- the dOllar's bag Brain. Control ... continued from page 9 
other advocates of el ctronic behavior cont rol are quick to explain that prototypes for a 
system to control prisoners over long distances already exist. 

-QUESTION: About a 
month ago my roommate 
and I got on the subject of 
mastu rbation. We agreed 
that despite regular in ter-
course with our respective 
girlfriends, we sti ll enjoyed 
masturbating. Since both 
of us did masturbate, we 
fe lt that we could get rid of 
the anxieties most people 
have by masturbating 
openlY i thereby, doing 
away with the need of fin-
ding a secluded place or a 
time when one of us were 
along. 

Over the last couple of 
weeks, we have ex-
perienced more satisfac-
tion; we have begun to 
exchange ideas and in-
troduce techniquesi we 
are more relaxed with each 
other, nor do we have as 
many hang-ups as the rest 
of the guys in the dorm. 
Most importantly of all, we 
enjoy sex with our 
gi rlfriends more than we 
ever had or hope to have 
enjoyed. 

The question now arises 
as to whether this 'is a safe 
practice. Does thi s mean 
that should we continue it 
might turn to homosex-
uality? 

ANSWER: After writing 
this co lumn for over three 
years, I was reassured to 
receive you r letter and find 
out that tricky questions 
were sti ll co ming my way. 
One of the nice th i ngs 
about mastu rbation is that 
you can do it by yourself 
and most of us, at 
sometime or other in our 
lives take ample advantage 
of this, anxieties or not. In 

. fact, some people find anx-
iet y an interesting 
challenge in which they 
can fig ht off desires to 
masturbate, only to suc-
cumb soo ner or lat er, 
thereby engaging in 
solitaire seduction. Now', 
you go ahead and cloud up 
the whole issue by bring up 
masturbati ng with your 
roommate. 

In fact, shared mastur-
batory experiences are not 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

at all unusual among 
adolescent boys, who, at 
times, enter into involved 
pacts where they do not 
masturbate other than in 
the pre se nce of th ei r 
friend . . Such activities 

' usually end well before 
regular involvement in in" 
tercourse . The word 
homosexual merely means 
something involvin~ a per-
son of the same sex. The 
degree to which you and 
your roommate turn each 
other on sexually, i s a 
reflection of the homosex-
ual nature of your involve-
ment. The fact that sexual 
relationships with your 
girlfriends are not affected 
is no surprise, since there is 
no reason to assume that 
these activities are mutual-
ly exclusive . Any increased 
enjoyment of sex might be 
related to the excitement 
of your masturbatory in-
volvements . 

As to the question of 
whether th is is a safe prac-
tice, it all depends on how 
comfortable you feel with 
what you are doing. If 
acknowledging that your 
activity has a homosexual 
component makes you un-
comfortable, then you 
might be better off sparing 
yourself the trouble . 

QUESTION : I have 
several small lumps around 
the edge of my pelviS 
where the torso joins the 
legs and a few hurt when I 
press on them. My doctor 
told me that they were just 
"fatty tumors. " My 
boyfriend has similar lu mps 
on the backs of his arms 
along his rib cage and his 
doctor also stated that 
these were "fatty tumors." 
Frankly, the word tumor 
frightens me and I cannot 
help but think that they are 
something much more 
serious than mere deposits 
of extra fat. What causes 
them and can they b come 
malignant? 

ANSWER: The word 
tumor does not necessarily 
mean malignancy. An y 
new or unusual gr~wth 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our "Automa· 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
deater discounts and 
market values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

Union 
5555 Mildred St. 297-1838 

5191 CoIlep Ave. 286-4210 

may be consid r d a tumor 
but to be a malignancy or 
cancer, the growth has to 
be out of control on either 
a microscopic or gross level 
and often is accompanied 
by local invasion or spread 
to distant sites. My guess is 
that you and your 
boyfriend also have two 
different things. 

Sore spots with lumps 
around the hips is not that 
uncommon and often 
results from mild trauma. 
For instance, people who 
lean over counters or 
bump into tables a lot 
often have such sore spots. 
Fatty tissue is pretty easy to 
injure and can remain 
swo llen and painful for 
quite a long time. It is more 
difficu lt to determine what 
your boyfriend has from 
your lett er, but there are 
benign fatt y tumors called 
lipomas which can 
sometimes be found in 
places which you describe. 
However, there are other 
types of growths in this 
areas as well. If he has 
part icular cause for alarm 
and was not reassured by 
his physician , he might ask 
to see another docto r. 

The recently developed science of telemetry - long-distance, remote- ontrol 
mreasurement and control of given phenomena - provides a basis for the pra tical 
implementation of Delgado's work . First used to study such things as migration patterns 
in birds, and the hibernation and spawning of animals and fish, telemetry now has been 
perfected to monitor human behavior as well. 

Presently, telemetric control of humans is used on a volunteer bas is, primarily for 
medical reasons. For instance, a telemetry system has been developed to continuously 
monitor the heart beats of a heart -atient in another city. In the treatment of alcoholics a 
distant observer uses a walkie- talkie type transmitter to del iver electric shocks to 
patients at appropriate moments in a "treatment" procedure. The brain wa ves of 
epileptic children ca n be monitored from a distance. 

But one-way telemetry is already being applied to law enforcement purposes. One 
system presently operating in two U.S. cities, the Automat ic Vehicle Monitor (AVM), 
provides the location of " tagged" motor vehicles every five seconds with an accuracy of 
about one block. 

Dr. Ralph Schwitzgebel of Harvard University, a designer of telemetric devices used 
on humans, concludes, " Within the near future, electronic technology is likely to 
become very important in the design of programs for the modifi cation of the behavior 
of offenders. " 

Dr. Gerald Smith, a University of Utah professor, maintains that electronic control of 
prisoners is "the cheapest and most effective way" to remedy the chronic problems of 
this count ry's penal system - its tremendous costs and lack of success in "changing 
people." 

Dr. Smith thinks that an electronic system would have "t remendous humanitarian 
value," even though he feels that "the lowest priority is th e individual offender." 

Dr. Smith has been encouraged by the interest shown in his proposal by private 
electronics companies, such as Day tel, Inc. Telemetry of Holly Hills, Florida. Although 
he is disappointed by the lack of government interest so far, Dr. Smith IS confident that 
"by 1985 it will be used in an experimental way and by 1995 in a practical way. If we 
don't do it," he says, "someone else wilL" 

Already, many resea rchers like Dr. Smith realize that for the successful implementa-
tion of his proposal , opposition on legal, ethical, and religious grounds will have to be 

. dealt with. To such reservations he responds, " Perhaps the only way to answer ... is to 
rudely disabuse people of the notion tha t there is any dignity involved in being a sick 
person or a mentally disturbed person, or a criminal person." 

Dr. Smith warns, " People will just have to get over their 1984 fear that Big Brother is 
watching. " 

ru a 
K 

The no-charge checking plan 
for frugal people. 

Here's how Frugal Check works: 
You keep a minimum daily balance of $100 in your 

personal checking account, and you can write all the 
checks you want. For free. 

No service charge whatsoever. 
If your balance dips below $100, we 'll only charge 

you one dollar for that month . No matter how many 
checks you writ~ . 

So you see, you will save money. 
With Frugal Check. 

ucso 
o 

' :J.C 
YA HOSPITAl 

UNITED TORREY PINES OFFICE srA7'ES 8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 
llT ArrT.O~~T.4 r (714) 453-4483 
J.~~~ rL~ C. E."Gene" BAN'K Mercier, Manager 

WIIrre eftf)'thing starts wltll )'OU 

I I .' ~'I . , ' I 
Page 11 Tuesday, April 17, 1973 Triton Times 



........................ announcements .................................... . 
tu .y 

CHESS T RN AM ENT: 
starts tonlg·)t at 7:30 in the 
Revelle nc.rth dining hall . 
Five rounds with one round 
played each week. Entry fee 
50¢ will all money returned 
as pr izes . Everyone is 
welcome. (4/17) 

Colossus: The Forbm Pro -
lect will be shown Tuesday, 
April 17, B:30 p.m., in the 
Revelle Cafeteria by the SCI-
ence Fiction and Fantasy 
Club and the Guest in Resi-
dence Committee. Admis-
sion 50¢ . (4/ 17 ) 

Tues., Apr. 17, B:OO p.m. 
COMMUNICATIO NS AND 
SOCI ETY lecture series 
sponsored by the Third 
College Communications 
Program, Centro Cultural de 
la Raza, 2004 Park Blvd. 
(across from Naval Hosp'-
tal), Balboa Park. GABRIEL 
RICARDO TEJADA-FLO-
RES, filmmaker and teach-
er, The Makmg 01 "SI Se 
Puede", and CLAUDIO 
FRENNE L-L OPEZ , Pro-
ducerlDirector for the Fran-
ciscan Commun ications 
Center, The New Challenge 
m Media: Mmofl/ies as Com-
mUnicators (4147 ) 
Episcopal Bishop Daniel 
Corrigan noted peace acti-
ViSt Will talk about Jesus of 
Nazareth to the Society and 
Human Values class, Tues. 
17 2:00-3 :30 in Bldg. 2A 
Room 2113 Open to visit-
ing students. (4/ 17) 
The La Jolla Jewish Com-
munity will be celebrating 
Passover with a second night 
Seder, Tues. Apr. 17. Stu-
dents have been Invited to 
attend at no cost. For Info call 
Ingrid Kohn at 755-3725 by 
Sun. Apr. 15. (4/17) 
A representative from K-
MART STORES, a subsidia-
ry of S.S. Kresge, will be on 
campus Tues Apr. 17 to In-
erview interested students 
for positions in the Manage-
ment Training Program. To 
arrange your Interview, come 
to Career-Education Plan-
ning Services , 6th Floor, 
Bldg . 20 , Muir Col lege . 
(4/17) 

services 
RummagelBake sa e 4 14 For Mesa 
Nursery Sch Mesa Houses. E Com 
mons Room (3999 M"amar Sl ) (4117) 
AR TlSTS·CRAFTS PEOPLE S Os 
most creative store Will Sp.1I your high 
quail '(. untque It m'i lor you Bring 
5 mples of your work 10 THE BELL 
JAR . 4053 Unlv Av~ T uPS' Sal noon· 
7 pm (282·6743) (4124 ) 

learn or practice French With n811ve 
spea~er IndiVidual less-ons or small 
groups 453·3318 (4120) 

E1'~r Typing - exp~rlenced on an 
ty~ at pape" Fast serv'ce E,cellenl 
grammar and spellong 5O¢lpg Claore · 
mont area IBM SelPClroc 565·7060 
allPr 4 (41171 

lost and found 
Ta fa Moms. I have your glasses case 
and IdentlflCf:'lon cards Call Untverslty 
2501 or 4538124 (4117 ) 

LOSI blac" • a' " nr booksl0re Tups 
314 ReNard 454 523 (4117) 
LoSl Ca:.1 IItn P Chem Te,'. sl,~p 
f'JiP and no.a PBP'!f Returr Peg 4!J3 
2743 PLEA' E" (4117) 
Los 51': fl It; It pln.- -bp'neJ on Me 
Wed ~I "t~' "ajup PtAa',e rf-I'Jrn 

4~3 774b " •. oj (4117) 

LI)<I 417 or ,.',ba'l l,el1 Dog cM,r 
'/II rh lit;.."fl~e ar 10 19'1 t~afT':a on lag III) 
C.ar.la, 75, 11110 14/201 

Lo~t a wi I Gdl? CorlAr.t Mona 
Moosno al 4S3 2000 ,," 1226 (4120) 
lOM S,'ver ~,rls 10 Bracel t on 
4110173 !;,pnl,mp nlal Val"e Oeb<)r. 
f'of 453 8313 (4/20) 
try.! A'Jf r:013 & Gp,,,,afl'a Of Tar .. 11I; C 
CM Lb 415. call Br",n 270 071)8 
(41:>01 • 

Sft"-o C3 w4 t r, w/s(.r:t'r.t or trt lij 
1 GatJ!" ell Inunq Marlt Rf 1')6 

Ga, ~. 453 8308 (4120) 

Important Tennis Club Meet-
ing on Tues. Discuss the 
Mixed Doubles Tournament 
to be held sometime this 
quarter. New members or 
non members welcome. 
Light Turniut - No tourna-
ment. Tues. Apr. 17 P.E. 
Classroom in Gym. (4/17) 

wednesday 
Debate: Wednesday, April 
lBth in the Revelle cafeteria 
on the subject: Capitalism & 
Ecology . Featuring Dr. 
Herbert Schiller and Dr. Dan-
iel Orr. Starts at B p.m. (4/17) 

A Department of Literature 
informa l Wed . afternoon 
meeting, in cooperation With 
the Campus Programming 
Board , presenting Jerome 
Rothenberg, who will read 
and discuss his poetry . 
Wednesday, April 18, at 4:00 
p.m. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. (4/1 7) 

On Wednesday, Aprt l tB, 
1973, Tr ident Chri stian 
Fellowship will meet in the 
Muir apartment te levision 
lounge at 7:30 p.m. Bill Tilfan 
will lead a discussion on 
"Being Led by the Holy Spi-
rit." Come and share thiS 
time of fellowship and learn-
ing. A ll are we lcomed!!! 
(4/17) 

Attention! Students and Fa-
culty! Come hear remarks 
and discuss With the Am-
bassador from Taiwan to the 
U.S., the Honorable Am-
bassador James Shen , 
Washlng'on, D.C on the to-
PIC of "Problems and Diplo-
macy of Free China." B p.m., 
Aprt l 1Bth, UCSD Interna-
tional Center, Matthews 
Campus. - Refreshments 
- (4/17) 

Wednesday, April 18, 1973, 
7-9 p .m., Graduate Student 
Council meeting, Commons 
Room , Coast Apartments. 
(4/17) 

CHEECH AND CHONG 
CONCERT at Belmont Park, 
Apr. 1B, Wed., 6:30. 97¢ be-
neftt for Free Clinics of San 
Diego . Rides Inclu ded . 
Tickets WI ll be sold at Re-

Found- Gunar Idenilly make. conlents 
and I'me or place lost 272·1890 
14120) 

Losl com pie. variables by Levinson 
and Redhefler George 453 8861 
(4120) 

personal 
Pen pal OehgMul. vivacIous young 
Ceylonese g'" seeks as pen pal "mod 
yOlmg man. 17 or 18. Inlerested In 
mUSIC and SPOrl "Please wrll MISS 
Lanka Olas. " P"yadarshana", 
HI •• aduwa. Ceylon (4124) 
GarbonlO. here IS one (or you 100" So 
don'l worry" Love Pele (4117) 
Gel High' Jotn uS on Monday evenIngs 
(or SUFI DANCING Class Bring mu 
StOJ; ,nSlr..Jments 7-9 pm al 3411 
Sandrock Rd 297 1911 (or 1010 
(4117) 

housing 
Femalf! lor 2 bed lu.ury condom 2 
balh $100 cross OCflan In Del Mar 
7533814 (4117) 

I Bdrm & SludlO apl In P B Beauls 
Healed pool elC More SludenlS In 
bid Mr t< 4886007 (4117) 
RM & BOARD In e, change lor C()t)~ & 
,," .... "" W" .... D'SI t~JCSO 233 
471195 (4127) 
Own room In Ig Solana Baach hou o. 1 
01. 10 Beach. $72 50 Imo Call 755 
6853 (4117) 
Girl wanl own room ,,, house bafw on 
PI Loma & UCSO non·.mo.ers only 
SUP M 751 75'5 (4117) 

ROOMMATF NEED 0 To shar two 
bedroom. IwO bOlh apt With medical 
IUd nl H,IIereS! area No pelS $75 

Inch)dlnQ uht.!1 Alan Ab'ams 291 
7192 (4117) 

I waf' 8 room If' I) hOt) 'Of May. June 
and mat!)p Jult I wan 10 P4Y $60 • 
monlh or II! 5 I 1m a good cOOk (I w,n 
COO" happily It you CM' prov,a. 100d) I 
1m to rably aqr ab J"I( w,,'" I ,n 
(4/17) 

Pag 12 Triton Tim sTu sday, April 17, 1973 

velie Plaza Friday and Mon-
day from 12-1. (4/ 17) 
Attention Sociology Majors 
and Potential Majors. There 
will be a meeting on Wed . 
Apr. 18, 4 p.m. at 20 2305. 
The meeting will be con-
cerned with a held research 
project for next fall with So-
cial Advocates for Youth. 
Possible University credit will 
also be discussed. (4/17) 
I.F. STONE SCHEDULE : 

Wed . Apr. 1B -
"The Next Four Years", 

B p.m. Humanities- library 
Auditorium. Mon, Apr. 23 -
"Freedom and Human So-
ciefy", Part II : The Heritage 
of the Framers and its Con-
temporary Relevance. 3 p.m. 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Mon, Apr. 30 - "Freedom 
and Human Society", Part III : 
Where Marxism Went Astray. 
3 p .m . Revelle Forma l 
Lounge (4/27) 

A representative from the 
UPJOHN COMPANY will be 
on campus Wed . Apr 1B to 
interview students for posi-
t ions i n Pharmaceut ical 
Marketing (Sales) . The na-
ture of work is to provide info 
on company products and 
policies, orally and with lit-
erature, to physicians, phar-
macists and other practi-
tioners in private practice; in 
institutions; and in industrial 
concerns. To arrange your 
interview, come to Career-
Education Planning Servi-
ces, 6th Floor, Bldg. 20, Muir 
College. (4/17) 

Dr. Gerry O'Neill, our Phy-
sics Colloquium speaker for 
Wed. Apr. 25 (4 p .m. 2622 
USB) has advised us that his 
topic "The Colonization of 
Space" would be of interest 
to undergraduates . Dr . 
O'Neill is from Princeton Uni-
vers ity , currently visiting 
Stanford . (4/24) 

thursday 
Senor Octavio Paz, well-
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, will be at UCSD as a 
Regents' Lecturer from April 
t6th to May 12th. Durtng that 
Itme he will deliver a series of 

NEEDED place 10 hve Ih,s summer (or 
21emales MuSl be near UCSD Wllhng 
10 share house • rent wi 1 or 2 oth r 
lemoles Con or Trln. 453·8426 (4117) 
Diverse. tight kOit mlcrocommunlly has 
one duple. and one bedroom available 
lor shghlly crazy people Sorry. no 
pels Rednecks need not apply Call 
Russell. 453·2000 eXl 1117 (4120) 

wanted 
Trade my Ige 10'speed mans til bike 
,'nl cond lor somelhlng smaller _ 
preler lady's 292·4834 (4117) 
Wanted Free Scrap Melal Will Pick 
Up Dave or Loren. 453-9368 (4120) 
WANTED neal Fem rmle lor house In 
L J $66 own room Gall 453-80 14 
aller 5 pm (4117) 
WANTED gOod. used copy o( Psych 
Today lor Psych 17 Ptea call Mark 
284·9762 after 6 pm (4117) 

Wanled Mural·ma.er 10 color wall 
8',30' Scholarships avail Dial 453-
7665 Tell 'em Joe Senl yo (4117) 

Slereo Freoks unlle
' 

Consumer 
slrenglh he. In group purchasing Big 
d,sc posSible when people flaunl 
Afmoghly Dollars belore bUSinessmen 
They get guar sale. we 9 1 "Pre(erred 
Customer" slalu5 Rick 453·5470 or 
Gear e 4539238 (4117) 
Wanled Inlere ed. Inl 1119 nt sl',dent 
10 read and synthesize true hIe stOr! 
Personal reward F .. ,OArlng? X 2516 
9 k lor CAPE (4117) 
Wanted Inlo on reasonable Ig 1 
bdrm or 2 bdrm dwelhng Ihat Will be 
available 10 renl som lime In lhe 
monlhs o( May·July PI a call Claire, 
453·8233 

Ride wanled 10 NYC or hare drlv 
eway With me l SAVing Apr 25 
Melvyn 755 1258 Lo'" ollvnl (4124) 

POETRY WANTED 
(or Poelry Anlholog( Prea send 
poelry w,lh lamped r~lurn envelope 
10 Conlemporary Uleralure Pr . 311 
Cliotarnia SIr t, Suol 412. San Fren· 

c,~o C 1,lornla 4104 (4124) 

four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Spanish Amer-
Ica and will give a public 
reading of his poetry with 
subsequent translations into 
English . April 17th issue: 
Thursday, April 19th, First 
Lecture - 3:00 p.m., 2A-
2 402 . Apr il 24th issue: 
Thursday, April 26th, Sec-
ond Lecture - 3:00 p.m. 
2A-2402. May 1st issue: 
Wednesday, May 2nd, PUB-
LIC READING - B:OO p.m., 
H-L Auditorium; Thursday, 
May 3rd , Third Lecture -
3:00 p.m. 2A-2402. May Bth 
issue: Thursday, May 10th, 
Fourth Lecture - 3:00 p.m. 
2A-2402. (5/B) 

Dr. Walter H. Munk, Associ-
ate Director, Institute of Geo-
physics and Planetary Phy-
sics will speak to the Soci-e-
ty and Human Values class, 
Thurs. 2-3:30 in Bldg . 2A 
Room 2t 13. Open To visit-
ing students. (4/17) 

A representative from IBM 
will be on campus Thurs. Apr 
19 to interview students for 
positions in Data Processing 
Sales. To arrange your inter-
view, come to Career-Edu-
cation Planning Services, 6th 
F loor , Bldg . 20 , Muir 
College. (4/17) 

UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

general 
Classical music on Sunday 
mornings? What a beautiful 
thought. Listen to KSDT ... 
550 AM. (4/17) 

On Monday, April 23rd at 
3:30 p.m. in the Sumner Hall, 
the Scripps Departmental 
Seminar will be given by Mr. 
C. Jasper Carlton, Econo-
mics Department Manager of 
the Chevron O il F ield 
Research Company. He will 
speak on "The Energy Situ -
ation in the U. S. and the 
World." (4/17 ) 

travel 
Unique Iravel e.perlences In remot 
pans 01 lhe world Wril tor brochure 
SO. The hplorers "A" Ltd 80. 136. 
Walertown, Mass 02172 (4120) 
EUROPE, IIRAEL I JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND. SKI & CAMPING TOURS. 
A.I.' .T., 1436 S. LA CIENEGA BLVD , 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90035 (213) 652· 
2727. (611) 

EUROPE-IIRAEL-AFRICA 
Sludenl IIlghls Gamplng lOUrs Inler-
European sludenl charter flighls In· 
eluding Middle East and Far Eall 
Conlacl ISCA. 11887 San V,ncenle 
Blvd No 4. L A . Cahl. 90049 Tel.: 
(213) 826·5669. 826·0955 (618) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club (ees

' 

50 Oeparlures. also NYC, 
Japan & Auslraha YOUlh Fares, 100 
Since 1959 ISTC. 323 N Beverly Or • 
Beverly Hills, Ca 90210. (213) 275· 
8180 (5129) 

for sale 
F grad sludent wants 10 share 2 bdrm 
apl w 1 0'" slarl June In LJ . PB. or OM 
Can pay up 10 $ loolman Pre( r non· 
smoker Call X2184 or 274-4512 lor 
Joyce (4120) 
O'N,el Fall SUII never used ankles 10 
Wrists $4000 755·3025 aft r 500 
(4120) 
SMALL nd UGLY re(rog r"or works 
w II - $10 Paul. 453 ·93 8 (4117) 
For Sale 10·speed bICycle - 22 lb. 
Alloy hubs. crank and wh I ·$110, 
phone 753-2367 (4117) 
'65 VW bus $750 cIli 459 71 t9 (4120) 
Pupp - FR E SIX week. Will bO 
mod rllOly larg . all Cllonal • In 
1.'IIoent . heel1hy M,.ed br ed -
shPphf'rd samoyed poont r, d r 
man Some whll wllh ,pol . tome 
dark Flutfy and shorl hatred Also 
KIlT NS S .. \ ~k. H Ithy .• rt. 
II hona 7~5 · 590 Larry or Don 

(4120) 

Balkan Folk Dance Festival. 
April 2B, UCSD gym, 12-4 
p.m. & 7-9 p.m. Afternoon 
workshop - $1 .50; entire 
evening - $2.00; package 
price - $3.00; UCSD stu-
dents - $2.50. For informa-
tion call Bruce Hamilton, 
272-7450 . (4/27 ) 

Do you want to get the inside 
skinny about what it is really 
like in some oe the classes at 
UCSD? Meet some people, 
talk a little - it's easy to be-
come a part, maybe even be-
come involved? The Stu-
dents' Educational Change 
and Development Center -
Lo w er M uir Commons . 
(4/17) 

ACTION (Peace Corps and 
Vista) will be on campus 
Mon. Apr. 23 through Fri 
Apr. 27 , in the Muir Apts. 
T.V. Lounge. The Peace 
Corps is primarily interested 
in students with a B.A. (or 
more) in Life and Physical 
Sciences, Busi ness, Home 
Ec., Agricultural Sciences, 
Education, Civil Eng ., Math, 
and Economics. Vista is pri-
marily interested in Econo-
mics and the Social Scien-
ces. Drop in any time during 
the day to talk, ask questions, 
pick up literature and appli-
cation forms. (4/24) 

Attention any or all student 
organizations - Budget re-
quests for the 1973-74 aca-
demic year are due no later 
than Tues. May 1. Any re-
quests for funding should be 
sent to the Campus Activity 
Fee Committee clo 250 MC. 
(If hand-delivered see Molly 
in 250 MC.) (5/1) 

A calendar of Spring Quarter 
events, comp iled by the 
Campus Program Board , is 
now available for anyone -
pick up a copy for yourself at 
the EDNA office in the lobby 
of Uray Hall. (4/20) 

1972-73 Student Directories 
are still available. Pick up 
one at the EDNA office in the 
Lobby of Urey Hall . (4/20) 

InexpenSive Slereo
' 

Reallone AMI FM 
Multiplex recelver-amph(ler. 30 walls 
With bookshelf speal<ers $60 or best 
olfer Argo 626 or 453·0961 (4120) 

Conn Trombone (Olreclor), Bach 
Moulhpiece, slide. .Inl cond.. $95 
Fender Bassman Amp. $250 John 
453·4799 (4120) 
'68 MG Type B Great condllion with 
racing accessories - S 1125 See 
Man, Argo 422 - )ale evngs. (4120) 
Wet Suil - Newl Large - .,... Shark 
skin ; nylon hned·no zippers $40; Also 
jet Itns; small $13 453-6398 or rm 222 
Argo Ask (or Steve (4120) 

TAMRON ZOOM LENS - 80 10 
250mm, f3 8. Inlerchange lens mounl 
New conditIOn - $145. 454-7461 
(4120) 

1964 Ford Falrln 4 dr, gd cond alr 
condit $390 453·2000 x2431 Or 2824 
or 454-4794 M SPIrO (4120) 

Free - Adorable h~le dog - part 
chihuahua 453·7746. Lale pm, early 
am (4117) 

Cheap .tereo phonograph 
(Masl rwor ). olfbrand headphones 
Call EriC 453-3392 (4117) 

Telescope Celestron 4 2 Inch rellec· 
lor 4 eyepIeCeS. Diagonal Camera 
adapter 8X F,nder Slurdy equelorla) 
mounl $150 IIrm 753 862 I all r 7 
pm (4117) 
A IV away - 3 ski ItI1 tICkets lor 
Squaw Valley GOod hi end ot season 
Robln 755·3668. all r 8 pm. (4117) 

Have 10 part wlgood companion. 
Nkurne. 5 ylS 15 honds, lIashy chaSI· 
nul. 718 Arabian regl t rod Asking 
S600 - conlacl MIChele X 25 t6. 755· 
87 3 (4120) 

LI hlWfl ht II Ian 10lpeed t otler 
Charh 453· 5 (4117) 

Fr pupp hep ·Colh m,. 
Xt39t or 43 0484 'ft 5 pm (4117) 

Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display In the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nities-Library Bldg., Re-
velle College, through April. 
The exhibition has been co-
ordinated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4 /27) 
Alpha Phi Omega is closing 
its Book Exchange. If you 
have books or an account 
with them, please close all 
transactions during the week 
of Apr. 23rd . The Exchange 
is located on the plaza side of 
Blake Hall on the Revelle 
campus and will be open 
from 11 a.m . to 2 p .m. Apr. 
23rd thru the 27th. Alpha Phi 
Omega and Revelle College 
Government will no longer be 
responsible for past ac -
counts following this date. 
(4/27) 
Exhibition of crafts - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
stained-glass sculpture -
will be on d isplay in the Cen-
tral University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi-
b i t ion is b y the A llied 
Craftsmmen of San Diego In 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27) 

Classified ads in the IT are 
free only to registered 
grads and undergrads at 
this campus. All ads must 
be typed. Due to space 
limitations ads can only be 
three lines long, typed on 
a thirty-space line. Any-
thing longer shall be 
c harged accordingly . 
Deadlines are : 9 a.m. 
Mon. for the Tues. edition 
and 6 p .m. Wed. for the 
Fri., edition . No phone in 
ads please. For more info 
call ext. 1017. 

10·speed SchWinn super .port, used 
lew limes. $140 value, only $100 -
come & see. MUIr 20 7067. Phil (4117) 

1 factory-new Ganon camera cases 
$6 ea - hall retail Price. Don 453-
0840 (4117) 

'69 Honda CB 350 very clean. Make 
oller Call 453-274-8714. (4117) 
'52 Dodge stepvan e.c mechanical 
cond besl olfer Call 276-3510 (4/17) 

PEUGOT For Sele. $70, gOod condi· 
lion. Gall 454-2748. Ask (or Vickie 
(4/17) 

KOSS ESP 6 Hdphones - $45 
Lalayelle AM FM Tuner - $75 453-
3392 (4/17) 
FOR SALE Complete SCUBA gear 
Make Oller Call 274·8714 (4117) 
Wanted ClaSSical records In gOod 
condlhon Call VIS ArlS e., 1995 or 
297- 1716 Philip De Genova (4117) 
t967 Datsun wagon. E.c Cond 
Regular Shift, Radio heal r best oller 
263· 4122. (4/17) 

Sears 106 for parts or repair Cheap 
make me an olfer Call al night Mark 
279-2813 (4/17) 
1963 Ford Falrtane (Yellow) V8. aulo. 
a", good condlhon $350 Call 283 
0971 eller live (4/17) 
1970 Triumph BonneVille New paint. 
around 2.000 original mil Almosl 
new $850 459 459-9374 or come to 
Rm 71 2. Porlota HIli. 3rd College 
dorm. (4117) 
Sony TC368 tape deck w ECM19B 
mlk & 3 SLH tapel. Rer Iy ulld All 
$190 2724735 (4117) 

Panasonfc Ca " Tape 1'ecor In 
pert t cond wl3 ca. $30 " RiCk 
583 9023 al r 6 pm (4117) 

For Sal Sp (10"&3), Grd 65B 
Turnl I Sgl 70 I8nk, Mark 11 reg 

nJO Cheap gUitar 4511 5 4 (./17) 


