
Volume 19, Number 16 University of California, San Diego Friday, May 25, 1973 
53 

- -.,. 
-

I 
}' .. __ ......... 

MESA 
~~,- ~/ 

I _ ... -

, 

: \ 
Mw..-., I .. _ i 

-<. ... ~ 
-"'" 

.~~. lUl,m 

Airport North of UCSD? 
RIel! Om! 

Four sites, including one less than five 
miles north of UCSD, are now being 
studied as possible sites for a future inter-
national airport for San Diego County. 

The Comprehensive Planning 
Organization, composed of mayors and 
councilmen from the county's 13 cities, 
hired a los Angeles consulting firm to do 
a study to plan for future air traffic needs 
of San Diego county. 

Early forcasts reported that lindberg 
field, San Diego's only commercial facili-
ty, would be overcrowded as early as 1976. 
It also already distCirbs about 100,000 peo-
ple with the noise from the planes. 

Twelve sites for a new airport were 
eva luated in terms of their environmental 
economic impact and their accessibility. 
Sites ranged from Borrego east to Brown 
Field on the border; from remodeling 
lindbergh Field to building a giant , 
floating, airport off-shore. 

Each of these was evaluated and the top 
four were given further study. These are: 

expanding linbdbergh Field 
buying the Miramar Naval Air Station 
building an airport in the Carmel 
Valley 
expanding Brown Field 

The Int rim report No. 3 said that each 
has advantages but none is perfectly 
sui t d. 

lindbergh Field would be expanded by 
buying surrounding property from the 
Marine Corps Recruiting Depot or by re-
routing Harbor Drive. This would solve 
the acessibility and congestion problem 
considerably but would not eliminate the 
present noise problems. Even the best 
proposal "would mean disturbing 27,000 
persons," according to the UN ION. The 
cost depending upon which plan was 
used would be from $62 to $'~ million. 

The report said that "Miramar is 
p rhaps best situated for an international 
commercial airport." But, "It Is con-
sidered to be of vital importance to th 

Department of Defense for their jet 
fighter training mission." Moreover, "any 
joint civil and military use was ruled out." 
Cost would be about $805 million because 
of the cost of the property to the DOD. 

The Carmel site is the best, according to 
the study, in terms of population affected 
by noise. The latest study, interim report 
No.4, predicts only 1,300 persons will be 
a ffected . However, 'this site would be 
developed in an area of rough terain; 
resulting in rather h ig h site development 
costs." The site development cost of this 
plan is $120 million, according to Interim 
Report No.3. 

Brown Field would not be bothered by 
rough terain ; it is already 10 ated on a flat 
desert area . But many people , 3,900, 
would be affected by the noise and much 
negotiation would be required with the 
Mexican Government. In addition it is far 
from the bulk of the San Diego popula-
tion. Only 31 per cent of the population is 
within 30 minutes; 65 per cent within 42 
minutes and 87 per cent within an hour of 
the airport. Site development cost is $58 
million . 

Despite this distance, many North 
County residents would prefer to se th 
airport built on another location (possibly 
Brown Field) rather than the Carmel 
Valley. Their opposition has begun to 
take an organized form and at least two 
organizations have band d tog ther to 
oppose the Carmel site. 

The Sorrento Del Mar Mesa Civi 
Association and the Citizen's Coalition 
Against the Airpot are Circulating. 
petition and r searching the i sues to 
convih e the CPO to not build the airport 
in the North County. 

They claim that the previous reports 
have assigned, "little or no worth to th 
environmental impact of the airport on 
the area ," according to St ve Goldberg, 

........ ,.7 

Landlord -Tenant Act to 
Include Dorm Residents 

Tim O'NIII 
Assembly Bill No. 1202, introduced to the California legislature in April, will revise 

laws relating to the rights and obligations of landlords and tenants in residential 
property. 

A simple majority of the state legislative vote will pass the bill. The bill will not require 
any appropriations, fiscal committees, or state-mandated local programs. 

The assembly bill is a comprehensive modernization of the California landlord and 
Tenant law. It is also modeled, in part, on the recently proposed Uniform Residential 
landlord and Tenant Act prepared by the Commissioners on Uniform State laws. 

The bill's major benefit is that it will increase tenant protections in a number of areas . 
Some of these areas of improved tenant protection are listed below. 

According to the new bill , the landlord will now have to meet the State Housing law 
Standards. He will be required to : 

1) "Comply with the requirements of the building and housing codes which 
materially affect health and safety. 

2) Keep all common areas of the premises in a clean and safe condition. 
3) Maintain in good safe working order and condition all facilities and appliances, 

supplied or required to be supplied by him." 
Often before landlords evaded this area, and neglected the buildings until they were 

in unlivable conditions. This section of the bill also codifies with two recent California 
Courts of Appeal Decisions regarding the landlord's maintenence duties. 

The repair and deduct remedy for minor defects and emergency situations is 
improved by allowing the remedy to be used more frequently, increasing the value of 
the cost of repairs which may be made to $150 or one month's rent , whichever is 
greater, and making the tenant 's right to use the repair and deduct remedy available 
even if · the tenant has not fully performed unrelated duties. 

Under present law, a tenant may not be able to repair a leaking roof or defective 
electrical circuit and deduct the cost, because of his failure to keep the premises clean. 

The bill also prevents the landlord from retaliating against the tenant, by eviction or 
raising the rent, for any of the following reasons: 

1) " The tenant has complained to a governmental agency charged with r sponsibility 
for enforcement of a building or housing code affecting health and safety, which has 
been broken. 

2) The tenant has complained to the landlord of a violation of the tate Housing law. 
3) The tenant has organized or become a member of a tenant 's union or similar 

organization. 
4) A citation has been issued resulting from a complaint. 
5) After entry of judgement or the signing of an arbitration award, if any, when in the 

judicial proceeding or arbitration the issue of habitability is determined adversely to the 
lessor. continued on pig. 7 

Nixon in White House 
Illegally, Charges UCSD Prof 

Hlnnlh Cohen 
Dr. Richard Popkin , Professor of Philosophy, is planning a suit to annul the 1972 

Presi(Jent election "on grounds of fraud and theft of the election." 
Popkin's lawy.er, former San Diego Superior Court Judge Rodger Ruffi n, is prepared to 
launc.h t.he S,Ult as soon as there are enough other lawyers and plantiffs willing to join Dr. 
Popkin In hiS charges. The name of the planitiffs will b come "the Committee to Dis-
Re-elect the President." 

Part of Popkins grounds for the suit come from evidence of fraud in both the 
primaries and th e election itself. Popk in has found this evidence in the numerou 
newspapers he reads, through his own investigation, interviewing of people connect d , 
and talking to investigators of the last election, 

H~~ever, P?pkins strongest ~rounds. come fro":, th Watergate con piracy. He 
specl.frcally pOlnt~ to the consplrac.y's Involvment In "k eping Ted Kenn dy from 
running, w~akenlng Senators Muskle, HUn;'phrey. an? Jackson , traming Ellsberg and 
Russo, pushing for McGovern and Eagleton·s nOmination, the destruction of Eagleton, 
the' arrangement of sabotage of th campaign, financed by huge s cr t and ill gaily 
acquired funds ." , 

last Friday evening, May 18, Popkin addre sed the California Democrati Council in 
Be~erly Hills o~ Watergate and his ~ropos d suit. The coun il i currently spon oling a 
serres of meetings on Watergate With the next meeting scheduled for June 8 in an 
Francisco. 

In hi speech Popkin not only attempted to gain upport for hi s suit but he rai ed 
questions about the a sa.ssinations of John F. Kenn dy, Mart in luth r King, Robert 

Kenn~dy,. and the wounding of ~o~ ~nor Wallace. Th principal que tion i were the e 
assassln.at~ons th~ .work of one Indlvl?ual or conspiratorial plot .7 

Popkin s SUSpl Ion have been raised about these as a ination beau e of th 
Water~ate conspiracy to. re-elect th the Presid nf. He b", li ve that " a thought i 
~weep.'ng the co~~try - If su h a monumental con piracy could have b n going on 
involVing top offiCIal, th FBI, th ClA, financed b th mor'ey of millionaire all over 
th country, then may~f', maybe four major v nt that det rmined th hi tory of the 
last de ad , th "'shooting of th two K nn dy , Martin luther King and Gov rnor 
Wallace, were also the r ults of such conspiracie ." For thi r a on h is tr i ing for th 
re-opening of all four ca es " 0 that w can di ov r wh th r or not w hav b n 
living in a continuous conspiracy, or a continuous s ri of on pira i ~ from Dalla to 
Watergat ." 

Popkin also point d out that th con pira y to r - Ie t tn Pr id nt "would not h 
worked without the shooting of Gov rnor Wallac . However, at th mom nt Popkin 
knows "only a f w it m that uggest a onn tion of th Wat r at and th pr vi '1 
political as_assinations." 

Popkin fe Is that th uit ha a 100 p rent chan of uc ding " if the 
Tim s i talking about It." 

After compl tion of th hool year Popkin int nd to writ part of 
CntIIIIII • pili 7 



Learning Faire 
Students Educational Change and Development 

Center is holding another Conference for Creative 
Ignorance to be held this Wednesday from noon to 3 
p .m. on the lawn South of Muir Commons. It is an 
experience in peer learning - a sharing of skills where 
everyone is a learner and everyone is a teacher. 

Bring old T-Shirts and sheets to practice tie-dying. 
Br ing creativity for a body painting celebration. 
Bring your hands for practicing leather skills, 

juggling, the finer techniques of cigarette rolling, 
bubblemaking, guitar-playing and more. 

Bring your head to share ideas and hopes about 
innovative models of learning at UCSD and elsewhere. 

Anyone with an idea or skill to share or anyone with 
an urge to help pull this learning Fair together is 
invited to participate in the organizational meeting 
Tuesday at 12 p.m. in th e Change .Center in the Muir 
Commons. This celebration is being brought to you by 
Whole University Productions for the sake of your 
sanity . 

Rummage Sale 
The North County Support Group for the United 

Farm Workers Union needs donations for a rummage 
sale to be held in mid-June in Del Mar. 

Bring donations to the North Star Office on Muir 
Campus, People Food Co-op in Solana Beach, or (for 
big items) call 755-1365, and a time will be arranged for 
pick-up. 

The specific date and location will be announced at a 
later time. The money will be used for the UFWU. 

Waldie at USD 
Congressman Jerome Waldie, a Democratic 

Representative from Contra Costa, northern California, 
will be speaking to students at De Sale's Auditorium on 
the USD campus in San Diego. He will be speaking 
from 4 to 6 p .m . today, Friday, May 25. 

Congressman Waldie will be running for governor of 
California in 1974, and he will be especially receptive to 
students. 

If you would like more information or if you need a 
rid , call Hilary Chittick at 453-0974. 

Veteran Survival 
It ' that time of year 

when more questions than 
usua I face the veteran 
students concerning the 
continuation of his 

ational benefits. In an 
flort to prevent the 

Regents 
Meeting 

A number of important 
matters affecting the quali-
ty of educatinn in the UC 
system were discussed at a 
Regents meeting last week. 

One of the issues which 
wa discussed has to do 
with faculty and budget 
allocations at UC Riverside. 
Over the last two years the 
enrollment at this campus 
has declined, and it is ex-
pected to drop by about 
four hundred more next 
year. The possibility was 
discussed of a transfer of 
operating budget and 
faculty from Riverside to 
other UC campuses which 
are experiencing enroll-
ment encreases. A definite 
decision on a course of 
action will not be reached 
for a number of months. 

Another matter of im-
portance was the Regents' 
approval of a $1 million 
allocation subjed to ap-
proval by the legislature, 
to finance programs 
dealing with un-
dergraduate education of 
UC campuses. A large part 
of the money will be used 
to improve techniques for 
evaluation of UC faculty 
members. Another 
program which the funds 
will finance is a summer 
grants program for the im-
provement and creation of 
University courses. Also in-

clu~ed in the proposal is a 
plan to set up small classes 
and seminars, primarily for 
freshmen . 

One Act Play Festival 
A One Act Play Festival consisting of three plays by leading play writes will be 

presented by the UCSD Drama Club June 1 and 2. 
The plays, in order of their performance are, "Jack, or The Submission" by Eugene 

lonesco, "The lovliest Afternoon of the Year", by John Guare nad " Bringing It All Back 
Home," by Terense McNally . 

The One Act Play Festival will be sponsored by the Drama Club in response to the 
favorable reception to the Commedia del' Arte production "Fruits of Passion" and last 
year's One Act Festival which included performances of the "The Blad Soprano", 
"Crawling Arnold," and The Dumbwaiter." 

Eugene lonesco, playright of "Jack, or the Submission" is also the author of 
"Rhinoceros," " Bald Soprano", and his most recent play, "Macbett", is a strip tease 
version of Shakespeare's " Macbeth." "Jack" is another one of his absurd drawing room 
comedies. 

John Guare, author of "The lovliest Afternoon of the Year" is also the author of the 
award winning play "The House of Blue leaves". 

Playright Terense McNally, author of "Bringing It All Back Home" is also author of 
several successful off Broadway one adS including "Next," and "Sweet Eros", and a full 
length play entitled "Things That Go Bump In the Night ." 

:rhe UCSD Drama Club is a student organization, formed last year, which is serving to 
bring drama to the student body of UCSD. The club is currently engaged in creating a 
dramatic play script library which will contain over three hundred play-scripts which 
will begin operation in the Fall of '73. 

The One Act Play Fest ival will be performed at the UCSD Theater at Matthews 
Campus and admission is free . However, due to the limited seating of the theatre tickets 
will be required. The tickets will be available at the Urey Hall box office next week. 

SPRING QUARTER 1973 EXTEJIIED SClEDULE fOR FINALS 
CUL CLUSTER I BIMD S&E SIO 

JUNE 4 - JUNE 7 8AM - HpH ~AH-11p. ~M-llpM 8 AM - 11 PH 8M-11p. 
M - TH 

JUNE 8 8AH-6PM ~AH-I0p. ~AM-llpM 8AM-IOPM 8AH-6PM 
FRI 

JUNE 9 9AM-5'H AH-IOPM AH - 5 PH 9A11-1OPM 9A11-5PH 
SAT 

JUNE 10 I'H-llPM PH-llpH PM - 11 PH 1 PH - 10 PH 1 ..... - 9 .H 
SUN 

JUNE H - JUNE 14 8 All - H PH ~AII-12pH ~ AH - 11 PM 8AM-llpH 8 AH - 11 PH 
M - TH 

JUNE 15 8AH-6PH AM - 10 PM M-llpH 8AH-5'H 8 All - 6 PH 
FRI 

JUNE 16 ~ M - 5 PH aAH-5PH ~AII-5PH 9AH-6PH 9A11-5PH 
Su 

JUNE 17 CLOSED LOSED LOSED CLOSED CLOSED 
, 

SUN 

JUNE 18 SUN lsuMR SCHEDULE TO BE ANNOUNCED. 

-Laguna Mountains Extensions Credit 
Muir and Revelle students : Come to the Extension 

office, Tuesday, Sept. 25, 1-5 p .m. for courses to be 
couf)ted for credit, Wednesday, Sept. 26, 1-5 p .m. for 
either credit or non-credit courses. 

The final meeting to decide If landtec Corporation 
can build "campsite codominiums" in the laguna 
Mountains will be held today at 2 p .m. 

landtec is being opposed by the Sierra Club and 
CAl-PI RG which feel that such a development will be 
detrimental to the public's rnterest. 

The first hearing was held on May 2 and lasted four 
hours. At the end of that time another hearing was 
scheduled for today in room 358 of the County Ad-
ministration Building at 1600 Pacific Highway. 

landtec has been fighting for almost a year to receive 
approval for their project. Today's hearing will be the 
public's last chance to stop the development of the 
Kemp Ranch, in the laguna Mounta ins. 

Environmentalists for the Sierra Club feel that there is 
an inadequate water supply in the area . They also say 
that development of such a campsite will make the 
near-by San Diego State Observatory almost useless 
due to smoke and light pollution. 

Anyone interested in attending this meeting should 
meet by the Revelle Plaza at 1 :15 p .m. to arrange car-
pool transportation . 

Third College students : Contact your Provost's office 
on the same days. Graduate and Medical Students: 
Apply sta rting Monday, Sept. 24 at the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research, and the Medical Stu-
dent Affairs Office. 

Cruiser Survey 
Did you hear the one about the Coast Cruiser? 
To all off-campus residents: students, faculty, and 

staff. The Coast Cruiser will be conducting a survey for 
the next few weeks concerning scheduling and route 
information. We would appreciate the participation of 
all students, staff and faculty living off campus. Short 
questionnaires will be d istributed to all campus 
libraries, the bookstore, sundry store, the Coffee Hut, 
and Muir Plaza . Completed questionnaires may be 
deposited in the boxes provided at these locations. It is 
important that we get full participation and that each 
person fill out and return only one copy so that we can 
best serve the needs of our community. 

mary tangle of red-
tap e from choking off 
the se benefit s, lance 
Beizer, Assi sta nt Dean of 
Student s in charge of 
veterans ' affairs, has 
offered some advice to 
UCSD vets. 

receiving with their May 
Checks. This card must be 
filled out and mailed in 
immediately. Failure to do 
so will result in the June 
check, and all subsequent 
checks, being held up. T. 
This, accordi ng to Beizer, 
has been one of the major 
causes for check delays in 
the past. All veterans are 
cautioned to read the 
directions on the reverse of 

. t his ca rd ca re full y b fore F!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. 

First and foremost on 
Beizer's list h the Certifica-
tion of Atkndance card 
whi ha ll VI!I should be 

I 

filling it out. 
AI 0, make certai n your 

addr ss is absolutely cor-
rect in box. no. 8 before 
returning the card. 

The 
Vegetable 

~hop 
HOI rs: 10:30-3:00 Mon- Sun. 

\ aturday 10:30-12:00 
East on Villa de la Valle 

0'< TIll WAY TO R ... NCHO S...,.IT ... fl.) 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, May 25,1973 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 

Serving Pizza, Ravioli, Spaghetti 
Chicken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

('3M mIn. SOc' delivery ch:arse) 
With This Ad 

$1 00 OFF GIANT 
PIZZA 

We Also Serve Ice Cold Draft Beer 
(Light & Dark) 

3304 Governor Dr. 
in University City 

at Regents Rd. 
Call 453-3177 

W. I.k. phone ord." 
Phon. 453·8455 

3943 Gov.rnor Drlv. 
UIlIVERSITY CITY 

Gov.rnor • G.n •••• 

200/0 off for UCSD 
ltudentt with 10 cerct. 

'SOOEEEI' 

Q 

The opi~ion ••• pr .. ~ 0." !h ... poges a ......... of tit. '1uthOrl whOM nom .. appear in the bylin .. ond do not 
nec ... o"ly relloct tit. ... -t of !he TRITON TIMES. "'nyon. d .. irino to .ubm~ mat.rial to be publi.hed on !h ... POg .. 1 
.hould send it to !h. Editorial Oiroctor, TRI~ON TIMES, 117 Blok. Holl, UCSO . . 

Congressman Waldie: 
Candidate For Governor 

Doug Blagdon 
Jerome Waldie , Democratic Jerry Waldie 's long hours on the cam-

Congressman from Concord and can- paign trail have paid dividends. This was 
didate for Governor in 1974, will hold an shown in a poll taken by congressman 
informal dis c ussion for students in George Brown among the people who 
DeSales Hall of the University of San supported Brown's campaign for Senator 
Diego on this coming Friday, May 25, In 1970. In response to questions like 
from four o'clock on. This time has been " Which of the five candidates most close-
set aside for students, not only to hear Iy reflect s your views on domestic 
from the candidate, but to tell him their issuesr," "Which most closely reflects 
views on the issues. your views on foreign issues?," and 

The Waldie campaign has been com- "Which would to the mosl effective job as 
pared to George McGovern 's. He has at Governor?," Wald ie was the leader, as 
this time the same weakness, lack of name well as the top man in the crucia. " Who 
recognition; the same strengths, commit- would you vote for today?" category. 
ment to what he believes is right and a Secretary of State Edmund G. "Jerry" 
willingness to put in gruelling hours of Brown, Jr., lead the one other category 
work in the campaign; and, many of the :'Who would be the trongest candidat~ , I 
same people are working in his campaign In a general election?", reflecting that 
as did in the surprising McGovern primary candidate's st rong name recognition and 
victory. recent success in a statewide electiuil. 

The Complete Results of George Brown's Poll . 

Vote Domestic Foreign Effective Effective 
Today Issues Issues Governor Candidate 

Waldie 32% 35% 44% 29% 13% 
J. Brown 30 28 24 27 39 
Moscone 21 23 18 21 11 
Moretti 10 9 7' 11 15 
Alioto 7 7 7 12 22 

The results of this poll among liberal ecology, community action programs, 
Democrats stem from Waldie's forceful higher education, protection of 
stands on such issues as conservative and newsmen, farm labor and health care. 

triton times 
fdhor·ln·Chl.f ••. •• C.mv Sharlck 
Cily Editor •••••••• Carrie RIckey 
Miinilll"1I Editor .David Buchbi nder 
Copy Editor •. Debble MonlBomerv 
luwMtI ~n.lef • Michael Greene 

(ditOfl~1 Di.ector . ..•• Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor •••• .• . Tom lindberg 
Sports Editof ••••• • Michael Rath 
rhoto!J'41phy Editor . Malcolm Smith 
Se<rehry .......... Corinne C~c~s 

~niJ'~nt City Editor •. Kathy Kuenzi 
Assocl.ale City Editors Rlcnard Drom 

Mlcn;llel Sesma 
.41st. lUiln", M" ... Michul Wyer 
Ant. Sports Editor ..•• • Mark li~ka 

Th. TRITON TIMES I. offlcl.lly 
fecoani.ud II • slude.nl newspaper 
by the Communk.tion IOlrd of the 
Unlvenlty of (;IIIUo..-nll, ~n Diq,o, 
Buildlnl 150, M,nhewl Campus, u 
Joll', ulifornia 920)7. Public.l lion is 
twice weekly on Tuesd.ys iilnd 
fridays. OfficH .ue locOiled in Room 
117, Blake H~II, R~ ... elle Campus. for 
adn,tilin, phone 45)-8722, or 4S)~ 
lOOt, X 1017; for ~i.ori.1 or neW\ 
phon •• 101i. 

'Sisters Share A Ride' 
let's get together to 

figure out ways to protect 
ourselves from rape 

and assault, and make 
hitchhiking safe for women. 
There's a lot of work to do, 

4 p.m. REVELLE 
INFORMAL LOUNGE 

all women urged to attend . 

Airport ••• 
Continued from Page 7 

School, the employees of Gulf General 
Atomics, Calbiochem, Salk Institue, the 
500 research and industrial park workers 
in Sorrento Valley, as well as the nearl y 
300 living in the Del M ar Hills 
fownhouses and others in multiple living 
units in the City of Del Mar. What of th 

, hospitals under the flight pattern?" 
O!'servers at the Friday, May 18, CPO 

AdVIsory Committee meeting heard the 
text of a letter from State Director of Parks 
and Recreation .William Penn Mott, Jr. 
who "opposes any flights over Torrey 
Pines Park at commercial levels of 2000 
feet ." Here Ri chard Rypinski, CPO Chair-

ma~, cited the 1969 Trransportation Act, 
which forbids placing public transporta-
tion units through park lands unless no 
alternatives can be found . 

There was strong disagreement over 
what aspects of the DMJM report to take 

. to hearings, and SANPAT Project Manager 
lee. F. Hultgren was direded to revise 

M . h'l B some wording in the report before . eanw I e, ack At The preparing the CPO public statement calling for the hearings. This additional 
Su permarket r work will necessarily delay the hearings • • • for two to eight weeks, according to 

UCSD Huelga Committee Ronald J. Hertel, CPO transportation 
Th planne r. A mot ion was pass d, however, 

United Farmworkers Union, AFl- deliberately worked against the Farm- to schedul e a fifth hearing at the UCSD 
CIO, ov~r the past three months has been workers in its purchasing policies. This gymnasium, in addition to those planned 
conduction a boycott of Safeway Stores boycott is the Farm-workers major effort for Carlsbad, EI Cajon, South Bay and East 
Inc. They charge that the giant chain has Continued on page 7 County. 

~~~------~--~----

Times may change. The world . 
The Church. But one thing never 
changes. Our need for each other. 
The sick, the poor. the despond. 
ent are with us still but the Do-
minican Sisters of the Sick Poor 
try to help ••. in their own way 
wil1l their own gifts. 
Their mission is to nurse the 
needy in Iheir own bomes. Young 
and old without regard to race or 
religion. To care for the children 
left adrift when illness comes. To 
keep families together. To bring 
comfort to the sick . Peace to the 
aged. ADd 10 bring Christ' love 
to all. 
It i n't euy to be a Dominican 
Sister of tbe Sick Poor but the 
reward are far greater than a 
patient's mile. For now, this is 
reward enough. 
If you feel the need of a chan, 
and you can accept a cha lIengl 
why not find out more about the 
worK \lie do? 
The Dominican Sisters o( the SkI! 
Poor offer II unique opportunity 
to wodl in tbe field before assum-
ing any obligations. For infonDa-
tion about the AIsociate Prognm 
write to: 
Si5ter Marguerite MHchell. 
Vocation Director 
Room 107 
Marland.le,O inlng, 
New Yodl 10562 

oa.ICf.I SbIERS OF 
1111 SICK POOl. ~liii.,1 

GRADUATES 

'171 tI ....... r. Smile lWIy to lOS Angles. Sin Francisco. 
Oakland, San Jose. Sacramento. HoIlywood·BurtlInk, OntariO. and 
Long Beech. And rerum. Cell your campus rep Of PSA end ask 
about our easy·to-beer. low fire. PiA ..... JOU • 1ft. 

you may pick Up 
your cap a.nd gown 
for commencement 

at the bookstore 
Rent 1- 5.00 
University Bookstore 

Page 3 Friday, May 25, 1973 Triton Tim s 



. ~ -~.- ~ ~ • I' . I 

Volleyball Finals 
Playing at State 

Good news for all volleyball fans! The NCAA 
Volleyball Finals are now being played at Cal State San 
Diego. The finals will have started by the release of this 
edition and will continue through tomorrow night. 
Four of the top teams in the nation will be competing 
for the top volleyball title is the US. These are Ball State 
University, of Indiana, US Military Academy at West 
Point, Cal State University at long Beach and host 
school Cal State San Diego. 

Major upsets on the Pacific Coast Region of the 
NCAA have eliminated defending champion UCLA, 
and some of the other top schools on the west coast 
like USC and UCSB. 

The finals will be run in four sessions : Friday morning 
and afternoon, Friday night, Saturday morning and 

CIIItI~ II " .. 7 

RECORDS ETC. 
SALE 100's OF 8 TRK's 

1.99, 2.99,3.95 
918 SILVERADO 459-5155 

, 

!~I11= __ .II.III.III1I.""lIInHllllllllllnlllilllll,"_"'I"-"'11IIIIII-.! 

i=-_ .l:. ~1i}b Shanghai! 
Mandarin & Shanghai '1 
~==== fi' ~ Style ~ ,,-"""' Chinese Restaurant 5 

.t..1 . Voi, • it SMORGASBOARD FOR .~ -t ::. i~1!; WEEKDAY LUNCHES I 
JJ1 ",,' II 1:7 1017 prospect :: 

J4 "* ~ LA JOLLA :: 
. lJt1J~ ~ ~ 454-5806! 
~1_lIlIlIIlIlIIlIlIIlIlIlIlIIlIlIlIIlIIlIIlIlIIlIlIIlIIlIlIlIIlIIlIIllIIllIIlIImnnn~ 

Cork n' 
Cheddar 

WE HAVE I..DS eIF'WINE" 
~ ~ of o-tEE5E .... • • • • 
TERRIFIc. ' ~DNI{HeS TOO~ 

IJft2. CHo1INO"DEl ~ (Uexf It) .A.\1 
DEL~ . • 795-I2.3e • Buu.. ... ~)· 

"THE BEST COMES AGAIN" 
NOW f'l.AVrNOI ON THlltO IC"IINI ONI WIIK ONLTI 

IOU THEATRE 
J. LEWIS CINEMA 
J. LEWIS CINEMA 
CARlSBAD Hit- Sell .. , 

~2 CASS ST., PACIFIC 8EJoCH 
PH '.8·$303 

8820 CAMINO AD , SPAING VALLEV 
PH 060-9181 

475 SIn ST . CHULA VISTA 
PH 022·52'7 

3551 MONAOE. CARLSBAD 

...... ' .. '1 ... 1:,.' 1:10 (C ........ ~") AD.'IIION - 11.10 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, May 25, 1973 

One of the milny contestilnts milldng In overheild 
smilsh. Photos: Richter 

One 01 the many contestants missing an overhead 
smash. 

Miramar Rd. 
Lyman Ave. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 

USECU 
OFFICE 

The Making Of 
In one sense this Sunday's 

Open Mixed Doubles Tourna-
ment was like those of the past -
it was dominated by a coli, 
talented pair from the 
Psychology Department named 
Kris Hooper and Tibor Safar. In 
just about every other sense the 
tournament hardly resembled 
past editions. With the huge 
throng of entries, the wide 
assortment of prizes, and the 
loud applauding galleries, one 
though perhaps the finals might 
wind up on national TV. 

A weeklong publicity push, 
highlighted by the offering of 
prizes instead of trophies, had 
some pretty interesting results. 
More than fifty teams of tennis 
mercenaries showed up on 
Sunday, all of them anxious to 
take home the goodies. The 
tournament , another 
successful production of the 
new improved UCSD Tennis 
Club headed by Elizabeth 
Dolmat kept the eleven campus 
courts pretty warm all day. 
Matches were one set each and 
you had to lose two of them to 

be eliminated. This too, 
produced some rather in· 
teresting results. Some teams, 
after losing once early in the 
day, got tough and went on to 

. win prizes. Other teams, after 
their first loss saw the writing 
on the wall, and strolled to their 
later match with beer in hand. 
Who's to say who had the mo~t 
funl 

A total of nine teams won 
prizes which ranged from 
tickets to the Cove Theatre, 
three-month supplies of 
vitamin pills, to dinners at 
Bratskellar, Charthouse and Er-
nie Myers restaurants. 

The first of the hundred· 
some-odd matches began in 
the 8am mist ; by afternoon the 
su n had graced the event. By 
the time the finals were ready 
to be played, it was cold, clear, 
and a little dark. The teams at 
this point were the 5 out of 6· 
time tournament victors, 
Hooper and Safar against a pair 
of determined medical studenu 
named Carlos Mendoza and 
Joan Kroener who had rallied 
from an early defeat to 

USE . .. Your Acethlmlc end Sf'" Emplo, ••• C,edlf Union 

YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 
Office hours are 9:00 am to 5:30 pm daily, 
Monday through Friday. Phone 453-5620. 

UNIVERSITY & IJ[] r2 r2 
STATE EMPLOYEES 2..J L5 

CREDIT UNION CIW.N To San Diego OF SAN DIEGO 
Lyman Ave. at Miramar Rd, La Jolla 92037 - Ph 463-6620 til 

5555 Mildred S""'. S.n 0 1 ••• 92110 - l'tIon. 291·1138 
5191 COII •• _ Av enuI, S in 0 1'10 9 21 15 - Pho".286--' 2 JO ~ ~ 

. , . I . 

NAJA Finals 

Trackmen End Season 
are overlooked, the track 
te am had some di sa p -
pointments. The 440 yd. 
relay team (Rud y Myers, 
Erick Hendri c ks, Gr g 
Ha use r and Tand Tom 
Philp) had a poor time o f 
44 .4 sec. because atrocious, 
hand-offs . Rudy Myers 
disqualified from the 100 
yd . dash for false starts. 

And Ed Avol did not com-
pete because the mile run 
was switched from Friday 
to Saturday. 

The final tra k m et of 
the year is All Calor more 
specifically UCSD, UCR , 
UCI, and UCD. Th track 
teams re pr sent ing these 
teams will mee t at Irvi ne 
tomorro w. 

lassie 
te the loser's bracket. 

the score 4 games to 3 
Hooper and Safar, 
turn to serve, a tired 

and asked to halt the 
because of the darkness. 

and Safar graciously 
to a continuation. 
W~.rlnp.rl ay afternoon , 

med play, broke Men-
serve for the second 

and Hooper & Safar won 
match and the tournament 

in Sunday's success we 
the emergence of 

spo rts tradition to 
up a gray set of moder-
buildings where people 

learn, teach and do 
Besides Ms. Dolmat, 

must be given to Diborah 
David Wesley, Terry 
, Ela ine Fang, Ron Oda, 

and work they 
. Others are invited 

make next year'~ tour -
every bit as good as th is 

wa s. It will be different 
r. This is Kris Hooper's 

at UCSD. 

Several Triton runners 
produced their season 
bests at the NAIA District 
III track and field finals 
held in Redlands last Friday 
and Saturday. Dan layton 
traversed 880 yds. with an 
elapsed time of 1 :59.6. Kirk 
Newell circumgyrated the 
440 yd oval in 52.4 seconds. 
Chuck Crumley inspected 
the steeple chase course, 
paying special attention to 

the bottom of the water 
jump a coupl of tim sa nd 
still he was finished 10 min . 
and 50 sec. later. Although 
his foot is still not 100 per 
cent, Skip De nny sailed 
the discus 139 ft . And the 
mile relay team (Kirk 
Newell, Greg Hauser, Dave 
Robinson , and Dan layton) 
covered a mile in 3: 29.7 for 
their best mark of the year. 

In the team scoring 

Chancellor McElroy auditioning for The Thing That 
Stepped on La Jol/a . 

Mrs. McElroy demonstriltes text-book volley lorm. 

DEV ALUA TION~ 
Alas, it's true. After the 1st week in June, all bicycles from the 
fa.eltory will cost from 10-20% more. But until that time, you can 
stl I take advantage of our March announcement: 
"Nis~iki ~nnounces new reduced prices for 73, offering the 
quahty-conscioul buyer lulnp up to $100." 

We have the best 
equipped line of 

i~ported bicycles 
WIth reductions on 
EVERY model. 

Fo< ... mpIe< of .he PIle. reductlono on .he 24 modell, look below. 

Nllhkl 
Custom Sport 

Internlitlo.w 
.ROiId Coupe l 
Profession" r 

WilS 109" Now 8495 
WilS 1S9fl Now 12995 

were 29!J" Now 19995 

SO DIEGUITO 
CYCLE EMPORIUM Tues.-Sal. 10-6 

241 W. Hwy. 101 SoIan.leach 755-2125 
Enquire iIbout our cycHnl lroupt 

Enjoy the warm spring sun 
on our pollution-free bicycle 

UCSD was completely out 
classed. Of th e 15 or so 
schools in the NAIA 
District III O ccidental (139) 
took top honors follow d 
closely by USIU (134) . 
UCSD's single point came 
from Tom Philp's sixth 
place in the 120 yd . high 
hurdles (15). 

The old school record in 
the 220 yd . dash was 22.3 b y 
Bob lemmon in 1971 . 
Saturday evening Greg 
Hauser ran a wind-aid d 
22.3. However, in the same 
race Tom Philp ran a wind 
aided 22.1 . Tom we.nt into 
the finals and ran a 22.2 
under allowable co n -
ditions. 

Not everyone did their 
best , however. Even if the 
Redlands ' smog, the car 
troubles, and the late hours 

Pleas. 
Call 
In 

For 
Feature 

And 
Show 
Times 

LA PALOMA 
/ftc CMSf .. f .t 0 " MlIII(.'''IlAS - 7n .. ~.J' 

fUn-slop 
shopping 
Arliques, books, candles, fountaIns , lewelry, lealher, macrame, 
pa intings, pots-in fa ct, everylhing for the person who doesn 'l 
have everyth Ing. 3780 Mission Blvd . in old MiSSIon Beoch. Phone 
488·3521 . Mon. Ihru Thurs . 11 :30 am to 9 :00 pm-Fri. 11 :30 am 
10 5:30 pm-Sat. 10 :00 am to 5:30 pm-Sun. 11 :30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YABYUm 

REVELLE SENIORS 
If you have not 

already been fitted 
for cap and gown 

Go to the BOOKSTORE 
as soon as possible. 

Announcements may now 
be purchased at the Bookstore. 

• arlea 
announces the presentation 

of its summer 
40 day intensive training 
in conscious evolution. 

(in the following cities) 
Aspen , Colorado ....... . ............ . ...... July 9 
Austin, Texas ... . ... .. .. .. ... . ............ June 2 
Boston, Massachusetts ... . ... . ............ June 10 
Denver, Colorado . . ........ ... . ..... ........ July 2' 
London, England ............ ... .......... June 15 
Los Angeles, California ...... . ........ . ...... July 2 
Miami, Florida ....... ... ... ....... ..... . ... July 2 
Monterey, California ........................ July 2 
New York, New York ... ........ .. June 25-August 20 
Palo Alto, California ....... . . ... . . . ........ July 23 
San Diego, California ........ .. ... ..... .. .. July 23 
San FranCiSCO, California ...... .. .. . .. June 4-July 23 
Seattle, Washington ......... ...... .... ... . June 15 
·Southampton, New York ..• .. ... . .......... .. July 2 
Tucson, Arizona ............................ July 2 
Washington, D.C .. . . '" ..... ........ June 4-.luly 23 
Vancouver, B.C .................... June 19- uly 23 

For further Information contact 
the arlca house In your area or write to: 

arica institute in america, inc. 
24 West 57th Street, 
New York, New 'York 10019 
(212) 489-7430 

Page 5 Friday, May 25,1973 Triton Times 



• 

New Phon ic Art 
The Mmic Department 

of UCSD and the Project 
for Music Experiment will 
present the ew Phonic 
Art Group in concert at 
6:30 p .m. on May 27th in 
building 408 M e. The New 
Phonic Art Group, from 
Europe, consists of Carlos 
Roque Aisina, jean-Piere 
Drouet. Vinko Globokar 

RESERVED SEAT ENGAGEMENT NOW 

,J!lltL pans 
® .. ".~." ~."". United Arllsts 

BOX OFFICE OPE 
NOO TO 9:00 DAILY 

Tickets also on sale at any 
Central Ticket Agency 

Call Theater For Showtimes 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

1 

PAYS DONORS~ 
for service I 

Tue .-Fri . 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

and M ichel Portal. The 
progra m will consist of 
" Correspondences" by 
Globokar, a piece based on 
a principle of mutual psy-
chological reactions; " Der 
Atem", M auricio Kagel, a 
theater piece for a wind-
player; " Rendez-vous", by 
Alsina, a piece based on 
the fusion which occurs 
between dispers d 
elements and their 
possibility of unification; 
and " Improvisations" by 
the New Phonic Art Ensem-
ble. 

Carlos Roque Alsina, ' 
born in 1941 in Buenos 
Aires, studied piano and 
conducting with professor 
Theodor Fuchs. Well 
known as a composer , Mr. 
Alsina has given concerts in 
different countries in 
Europe, South America, 
and the United States. 

Jean-Pierre Drouet, born 
in 1935 in Bordeaux, won 
First Prize in trumpet 
(Bordeaux) and First Prize 
in percussion (Paris), is a 
mumber of the "Domaine 

ROZAN'S 
8YTHESEA 

OFFERS 

Dinn'ers 
every nite 
488-1822 

4343 Ocean BlVd 
at the fool.of Grand 
Pacific Beach 

IDiffinnnttlf .6 
itBtaurant - ilrlitaitlll1rn 
~.811rr &tylt anb ltaltan 

69110 u Jolla Bl.d .. La Jolla 459-2433 
Oren 7 day ' a "cek . Mon.-Sal. I t..11 . Sun. 9:30-10 

\iJ •••••• - ...... -. (fJ t. PREPA RATION FOR SUMMER • 
: LSAT : 
:. STANLEY H . KA~l.AN ~ •• ' 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ SInce 1938 
IN SAN DIEGO AREA 

• (714) 276-8947 • 
fil. • •• ••••••• e l!} 

Musicale" emsemble and 
Living Music" of Paris, and 
has participated in most of 
the contemporary music 
f es tivals of Europe . He 
studied composition with 
Rene Leibowitz and is 
prisently responsible for 
the music for the theatri cal 
company of Jean-Marie 
and the Felix Blaska Ballet 
Company. 

Vinko Globokar, noted 
trombonist, was born in 
1934 in Anderny, France. 
He has studied composi-
tion with r{ene Leibowitz 
and Lu cia no Ber io, and has 
been a member of the 
Center for Creative and 
Performing ArtS at Buffalo. 
He has concertized exten-
sively throughout Europe. 

Michel Portal, clarinetist, 
born in Bayonne in 1935, is 
well known in France as a 
soloist and ensemble 
player. He also composes 
for the Theater and film 
and plays with a free jazz 
group which he founded. 

The concert is free and 
open to the public. 

Lenny, Ready 
Off Broadway Producers 

Don Wortman and Tom 
Hartzog have created 
another first for San Diego 
theatre gQers by bringing 
" Lenny" to their Theatre. 
Starring Sandy Baron, it will 
be the re-creation of the 
New York anp Los Angeles 
production, wh ic h also 
starred Mr. Baron. 

" Lenny" will do previews 
on June 5 &6 with the of-
ficail opening on June 7. It 
has only been scheduled 
for a short three week 
limited run . 

Tom O'Horgan, best 
known for his direction of 
" Hair" and " Jesus Christ 
Super Star", is supervising 
the production at the Off 
Broadway , and Dick 
Scanga, of the Broadway 
presentation, is work ing 
under his su pervisio n in 
directing the show. 

All of the scenery and 
costum es are from the 
original New York produc-
tion. 

Previews June 5 & 6 i 
OPENING JUNE 7 I 

RESTRICTED No one under 17 years old 
admtlted LENNY" IS a controvfH Slal s tage 

lImIted Engagement - Three Wee~ s 

SANDY l I BARONas I 
LENNY'tO ) I 

I'SEO ON '"I LIFE AND WORDS Of LEN". 'RUtE I • , 
By Julian Barry I 

MUSIC By Tom Q'Horgan I 

pia V It has con tent. s rage action and lal1 
guag tt'lat will offend some 

ADVANCE RESERVATIONS 
SUGGESTED - 235 6535 

'1 C: "' fH ~ ava tlablp BOA OUlt e )!I ud all 
Highlilndl!lr Stores 

8 0 & Off tf:.f' Open lues Sun 1010 9 
Mon 1 to 6 

l ues Wed 'hu's e 30 p m 
Sun F yes 7 30 p f'f\ 

1ft .. Sill Evet 8 lOp m 
., and Sun M iils 2 p m 

S815 11o$51 5 
51 7SIIo S6 75 
$600& $& 00 

FOR GR OUP DISCOUNT INFO 
CALL JOV FURBV 2356178 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, May 25, 1973 

Hard Concert Soars 
B.W. Arnold. 

My ears were blasted Friday night, May 18, by the most insane shreiking I have ever 
heard . Two of them, in fact. As part of the UCSD Music Department's live Electronic 
Music Series, a rather mercifully short program of two works from the wired 
repertoire were presented, or rather avalanced, upon an audience of about 150 at 
the University's La Jolla campus .. It was glorious. 

First to be presented was Robert Ashley's by now classic The Wolfman . This theater 
work from 1964 involves a tape to be played at insanely high volumes, while a 
Singer/screamer (Alan Johnson) assaults and fellates a microphone, resultin.g in 
feedback of the most pierci ng type. The staging (not a composed part of the piece, 
but of a different nature each time) consisted of several rather screwy people sitti ng 
screw fashion on a screwed·up stage while reacting rather screwily to screwed slides 
of screw-tools and screw-bobs which festooned the screen in screwy strobe fashion. 
The staging seemed to me, in some slight manner, however mild, a manner of 
tribute, as it were, to Kenneth Gaburo's Maledetto . However, this is mere critical 
conjecture. As for Wolfman, though the performance was marred by some technical 
flaws, the overall searing hell that is Ashley's musical weltanschaung showed through 
admirably. The piece soared, leaped and dived in the most exhilera.!!ng manner. I 
have never hard such an impressive use of volume and distortion in my life. Ashley is 
undoubtedly a modern master. 

The next piece, the late Peter Gordon's Machomusic-One was even louder, and of 
the same high musical quality. (Some friend tells me that the composer is indeed 
alive and well, however, the program ind icated his demise as of last year.) Six 
saxophon is ts, arrayed in the most elegant drag, darling, bleated and blared 
masterfully wirh a most gloriously cacophonous amplification . Then a Buchla 
Synthesizer swooped in with a screamingly loud drone which turned gradually into a 
hideous, ugly noise, which then transmuted into the whine of a thousand jets 
directly in the ear. All the while the saxes continue their blare. Incredibly beautiful 
slides by Mark Trilling add wonderfull y to the overall affect. A sharp cut-off of all 
sound and image made a stunning conclusion to an incredible roller-coaster ride 
through the remarkabl y raucous regions of ultra-high decibelage. It was simply a 
gorgeous composition. 

Truly the UCSD Music Department is to be congratulated for this most courageous 
event. May they have many such future successes. 

La Jolla Chamber Finale 
Ch.ules Hyde 

The final concert of the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra promised to be a 
rewarding concert, and little prevented 
this prediction from being realized. It 
was probably the best played concert of 
this season for the La lolla group, who 
have already produced some fine con-
c rts th is year. 

The soloist s, Malcom Hamilton and 
Elizabeth Hamilton, were technically ac-
complished and sensitive players. The 
orchestra led by John Garvey, played 
with expecial precision and beauty. 

These qualities were well shown in the 
opening piece for orchestra alone, 
Pastorale d 'Ete (Su mmer Pastoral) by 
Arthur Honegger (1892-1955). Th is 
piece, as the tit le suggests, tries to pic-
ture a summer day in the Swiss Alps. 
Quietly moving harmonies ans simple 
melodies characterize this Pastoral. The 
orchestra was in top form for this moody 
piece with its fluid phrases (but not 
dripping) and shaded colors (but never 
dark). 

The Bach Concerto in C minor for two 
harpsichords, S. 1060, followed. This 
piece is more familiar as a concerto for 
Obe and Violin (played in 0 minor. To 
th e best musical knowledge today, all of 
Ba ch's harpsichord concerti wer e 
originally violin concerti played a whole 
step higher than in the harpsichord 
versions.) There was quite a problem of 
acoustics in Sherwood Hall for this 
piece. While many felt the orchestra 
drowned the soloists, where I was sit-
ting, I could barely hear the orchestra. 
Oh well. But anyway, the playing was 

Friday Flicks 
Hellstrom Chronicle 

& 
The Insects 

A good primer 
on Bugs 

vigorous, and there was nice attention to 
details by the soloists. 

The Paul Hindemith (1895-1963) 
Kammermusick (Chamber mu sic) 
Number 1, Op. 24, followed intemission. 
Thi s is scored for 12 solo instruments, 
and was admirably played with excite-
ment and impressive ';010 work. My only 
objection might be towards the work 
itself, a corny output .of the rebelli ous 
1920's . Nonetheles s, i t was en-
joyable-and amusing. Certainl y the 
many UCSD students I saw at the con-
cert know what I mean. 

The concert concluded with the 
Mozart (1756-1791) Concerto No. 10 in 
E-flat, K.365, for two harpsichords. This, 
perhaps like the Bach, originated as a 
family affair; this t ime for Mozart and his 
sister Nannerly. It si an extremely happy 
work from the beginning throughout, 
and provided a fitting close to a mosl 
enjoyable concert. One factor certa inly 
contributing to the quality was the keen 
sense of stylistic difference between the 
different pieces, on the part of both the 
soloists and the orchestra. 

I ndian Rock Art 
The final exhibition for the 1972-73 

season at the UCSD Art Gallery wil l be 
concerned with Soythern California In-
dian Rock Art. It opened Monday 

e~ening, May 21 . 
Many American Indian tribes, as well 

as people from all over the wo~ld 
(including Europe, Easter Island, Africa 

Continued on page 7 

J. Edgar Hoover 

SB 171175~ 7:30 & 10:30 

Saturday Films 
Wild hild - Traffaut 

& 
Seven Authors in 

Search of the Reader 
USB 1711 ~~ 7:30 

Indian Rock Art 
Continued from JNle 6 
and others) have been concerned with 
leaving some kind of markings on rocks 
of on the walls of caves. These markings 
are generally classed as petroglyphs (car-
vings or abrasions into the rock surface) 
or pictographs (paintings on the rock 
su rface) . 

The exhibition will take the form of 
photographs, replicas', and drawings, 
and a catalogu~ will be available. 

The exhibition will run through June 
15. Gallery is located in 1260 Humanities 
Library Building at Revelle Campus. 
Hours are daily from 12-5 and 8-10 p.m. 
on Wednesday evenings. . 

At The Su permarket 
Continued from JNse 3 
in the campaign to win contracts for 
lettuce workers. 

The UFW is fighting to get real contracts 
with lettuce growers, contracts that 
protect the farmworkers. It is very difficult 
to win a srrike in the fields, because the 
growers quickly bring in scabs. That is why 
the UFW use the boycott to back up its 
stri ke effort. The UFW is relying on the 
people's awareness of the injustice under 
which the farmworkers labor and their 
support of the boycott. 

To regard Safeway a~ innocent in any 
context would be difficult; to regard them 
as innocent in this context is impossible. 
In their 1931 stores, they sell lettuce 
picked under conditions . that disable and 
degrade people. They could choose not 
to sell any head lettuce unless it was 
picked under the most-just conditions, 
made possible by an enforced, worker-
negociated contract . Also, Safeway's 
house wine, La Mesa, are bought through 
a wine co-operative called Guild 
Wineries. The largest grower in the Guild 
is Butte Gas & Oil Company's White River 
Farms, which has recently refused to re-
negociate its contract with the UFW. The 
same is true in this case . Safeway could 
Choose another wine for its house wine. 
With thousands of farmworkers suffering 
injustice and deprivation, none of us in 
this society are innocent parties, and 
certa inly least of all the directors and 
management of this giant fooet, retail, and 
processing chain. The U.S. Department of 
Agricul ture figures show that the average 
shopper spends $1,329 a year on food. If 
you stop shopping at Safeway, you'll be 
missed. 

BOYCOTT SAFEWAYII 

Psycho Drama 
UCSD Extension will hold a short 

cou rse on the techinques of psy-
chodrama Saturday, June 2 at the Halalei 
Hote l. 

Psychiatrist Albert G. Sheff will teach 
the course, which starts at 9 A.M . AND 
CONCLUDES AT 2/J P.M . There is an 
enrollment fee of $15, which includes 
luncheon at the hotel. 

Fo r enrollment information, 
telephone 453-2000, extension 2061 . 
Registration at the door is permitted. 

THE Nu.R ONE _ 
OF THE YEARI 

NOW -111 SUSPENSE 
FILM OF THE YEAR! 

A UNIII.f:RSAL RELEASE ItIftI 
TECHNICOLOR_ I£KJ~ 

EXClUSIVE EllAIEIIEIT 
NOW ptA YI181 

Week Nlghls 5:30, 8:00, to:30 

• 

Sat , Sun. & 
~or181 

" , Day 
_...... 1:00,3:,30, 

- ...... 600, 8'30, 
tl :00 

Airport ... 
culllIIII rr. ,... 1 
member of the Association. The airport 
flight path s will go directly over Torrey 
Pin es State Park . The impact of the wildlife 
and vegitation could be very serious due 
to exhaust, noise and dropped fuel. 

In addition the group group sites the 
great obstacles presented by the M iramar 
Naval Air Station . Because it is only five 
miles so uth , they refuse enormous 
problems in coordinating flights. 

The problem is compounded because it 
is a training station for pilots. 
" Operational Emergencies, about 11 per 
day, are common among these inex-
perienced pilots," according to Goldberg. 
Since some of these carry live ordinance, 
any small emergency could easi ly turn 
into a crisis with a large number of flights 
in the area. 

The crowd atthe Sorrento - Del Mar 
Mesa Civic Association airport informa-
tion meeting Wednesday, May 23,7 :30, at 
the Little Bavaria Restaurant on Carmel 
Valley Road an heard an accurate reflec-
tion of the sound of a jet aircraft taking off 
over Torrey Pines Park at the expected 
altitude of 1500 - 2000 fee t. This 
demonstration under the direction of Dr. 
Andrew Cohen previewed what must be 
anticipated by residents and users of this 
unique area if the projected Del Mar 
Mesa airport becomes a reality. 

Dr. Robert Void, Chairman of the 
Citizens' Coalition Against the Airport, is 
introducing the technical panel, and 
himself grew up in Plaza del Rey, west of 
the Los Angeles International airport. He 
asks, "Does the public , which gave so 
much to secure Torrey Pines Park and 
who enjoy relaxing on the beach there, 
realize that acceptable noise level 
designated in the SAN PAT report on alter-
native airport sites is just an average over a 
24-hour period? 65 CNEL (Community 
Noise Equivalent Level) may be tolerable 
as a single occurrence but when a plane 
comes over that is a sharp peak noise 
which will go well over 180 decibels and is 
certainly intolerable no matter whether 
one is in the the house or out on the 
beach . 

" Oddly enough, the State noise stan-
dards apply only to single famil y 
dwellings, which explaines why the report 
shows only 1300 persons under the noise-
impacted sector for the Carmel proposal. 
This means they are ignoring the effect on 
almost 6000 UCSD undergraduates and 
2000 graduate students in the dorms, 
classrooms, and on campu s, the student 
body of the new Torrey Pines High School 
in the dorms, classrooms, and on cam-
pu050 

"Oddly enough, the State noise stan-
dards apply only to single famil y 
dwellings, which explains why the report 
shows only 1300 persons under the noise-
impacted sector for the Carmel proposal. 
This means they are ignoring the effect on 
almost 6000 UCSD undergraduates and 
2000 graduate students in the dorms, 
classrooms, and on campus, the student 
body of the new Torrey Pines High 

Continued on page 3 

Landlord ... collli nulll frOIl! P'" 1 
The bill will outlaw non-refundable cleaning deposits, which have traditionally been 

used by landlords to take advantage of students. It will also requir landlords to 
inventory apartments wilh the tenant, at the time the tenant moves in. In the past, many 
ten.ants have been charged for furnishings whi ch the owner claimed were'missing, but 
which had never been in the apartment. 

Senior citizens are also protected against eviciton without cause in the bill. The 
!andlord will ~ot be able to terminate a month-tomonth tenancy, except {or just cause, 
If the tenant IS 60 years of age or older, and has been in continuous possesion of the 
dwelling unit for two yea rs. 

.A "just cause" will be considered to be : non-payment of rent and utility charges; 
failure of the tenant to comply With reasonable ru les and regulations as established by 
the landlord; and or condemnation of the building. 

If the landlord should not comply with the rental agreement, State Housing Laws, or 
breaks the (:ommon law; the tenant will then be able to take active measures according 
to the new bill. 

The tenant will be able to terminate his lease upon 30 days notice of the breach to the 
landlord, find suitable replacements himse lf, or fi nd other reasonable, suitable housing; 
for which he may recover the costs. 

One of the bill's sections, also prov i de~ a non-waivability to all of the tenant 's 
protections in the bill. Many t imes, the tenant has been forced to sign a waiver of his 
rights to secure a lease. 

More people are also protected by the bill since all landlords are regulated, including 
governmen tal agencies. This coverage will be extended for the first time to include 
dormitory residents. This group of renters will thus be consid red equ al to all other 
renters and will also receive protection from the law. 

Nixon ... continued froAl p •• e 1 
Walergate with a group, the tentative title being " Gemstone. Conspiracy 0 
Investigat ions." He hopes the book will be published in late '73 or early '74. Popkins 
collaborators include Professor Peter Dale Scott of Berkley, Donald Freed of Los 
Angelos, and William Turner of Ramparts. 

Dr. Popkin has also written the preface to Donald Freed's and Mark lane 's novel, 
Executive Action, which is on Watergate. In this novel the idea is expounded " that the 
CIA, right-wing politicians, and Texas millionaires might have conspired to kill John 
Kennedy." 

In the future Popk in hopes to collaborate with Bernard Fensterwald, convicted 
Watergate conspirator James McCord's current lawyer, on the Kennedy assassination . 
Fensterwald was.on the Board of Directors of the Committee to investigate information 
on assassinations for five years. 

Former Judge Ruffin is currently offering a course on American criminal justice at 
UCSD. 

v 0 II ey ball ... Continued from page 4 
afternoon, and the finals on Saturday night. Tickets 
prices are $3 for reserved seats and $1 .50 for general 
admission per session. Package deals are available for 
the sessions and more information about these can be 
found out by calling the Aztec Campus Box Office at 
286-6947. 

Information about the schedule beyond what is 
printed can also be found by calling the box office. 

The round robin competition will be held at Peterson 
Gym on the Aztec campus, while the playoffs and the 
finals will be held at the San Diego Sports Arena. 

The schedule for Friday's round robin is as follows : 

Session I 
11 :00 a.m. Cal State Long Beach vs. Ball State 
12 :30 p.m. Army vs. Cal State San Diego 
2:00 p.m. Ball State vs. Cal State San Diego 
3:30 p .m. Cal State Long Beach vs. Army 

Session II 
7:30 p.m. Army vs. Ball State 
9:00 p.m. Cal State Long Beach vs. Cal State San 

Diego 

Pssst! 
cpb 

presents 

An Outdoor 
Rock Concert 

Come And Enjoy An 
Afternoon Of Music 

4 Bands! 
Saturday, June 2nd 

Behind H.L. On 
Gras Knoll 

FREE! 

EY!fIlngs rvougn Tuesooy 
A SURVEY OF 
TIlE AMEIIICA. CAIITOIIII 
A chronologJClI el'rTlt l1iDOn of 
Slgnlllcanl yet Cflf)ealty negtecSed 
aspect of cmema f ilms by Windsor hkCIy. 
Walt Otsney, UII Fleischer. Pit Sull.y.n. 
Cloud< Jones Ind OIl1efs: It.Mlng Fe, •• 
IIug! BuMY. Bolt)' Boop. Mockey Uouse. 
Tom & .Ie«y. Woody WOOdpIcl<I<. and more 
c.,w. ......... ' :08U:1S ... 

Salurday ...... ,gh. 
The HocMnIJ CInema 
TIII.aS TO COME 
H..G. Wells Imagu\lllon pro,ecMg !he future 
Also shorter him, - AamtsStOfl S 1 00 

Beginning Wednesday 
AVE SUJlllew STORIES 
By Grog MJcGoIIMIY & ~m F,....",n 

'7456 ~a Jo1lll Blvd. 459-4341 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

Page 7 Friday, May 25, 1973 Triton Times 
• I , 



frld_, 
SU 3 ECT A EXAM : The 
Pro 'iclency exam for Subject 
A "'ill be g iven June 8 
anyiime from 1 to 9 p.m. in 
the H·L, Rm. 1449. It con-
sist. of wflting one 500-750-
word essay related to a piece 
of reading that will be 
handed out at the exam. 
Students can bring a hand· 
book and a dictionary, and 
they should allow themselves 
three hours for reading , 
wr iti ng , and re-wrlting . 
Anybody who still has "SubJ. 
A Reqd" on his transcript 
should come and take it. 
(6/1) 

Remem ber "Wounded Knee 
1890' So That History Will 
Not Repeat Itself. Your in-
vited to a cocktail party fund 
raiser sponsored by 
Wounded Knee Solidarity 
Action Committee of San 
Diego. Where: 8425 Sugar-
man Dr., La Jolla. When: 
May 25 , 1973. Suggest 
$3.50 min . donation . No-
host bar, Speakers. (5/25) 
The graduation Celebration 
at M uir 'ioS almost 
planned-but perhaps you 
have some input but haven't 
been heard as to the overall 
plans or specific aspects of 
the graduation happening. 
Well, here IS your chance 
There will be a meeting on 
Friday, May 25 at 1 :00 In the 
Provost's Conference Room. 
come and make your 
feelings known . (5/25) 
AMES SEMINAR: Professor 
William R. Sears, Cornell 
University, Ithaca, New York, 
Will present a seminar on the 
1973 Lanchester Lecture, on 
" Se lf- Correct ing W i nd 
Tunnels" Friday, May 25, 
1973 4: 15 p.m., Room 7104 
Urey Hall. ( 5/ 25 ) 

services 
NEW YORK by camper . Share gas and 
drIVIng 10 arnve June 20 Call 755-
4 tOO evenings (5125) 
SUMMER JOBS IN SWITZERLAND 
5530 Irom los Angeles whIch rncludes 
a workIng permll . lob placemenl. 
registratIOn . and round tflP airfare on 
TWA 10 ZUrich or Geneva. SWllZerland 
(mInImum weekly salary $35 10 $50 
plus lood and lodging) For a Iree 
brochure wnte International Worktrlp5. 
POBox 15101 . ArcadIa Siallon . 
Phoen,x. Arizona 85060 (5125) 

BMWSAAB 
CON TINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So Hrl! 
Oceansrde 722·8 t t 4 
We servIce all makes 
of lorelgn cars (EF) 

Need Help In French or German? Call 
479·2107 (5129) 
Brg car ra lly May 26 FREE FOOD 
Don'l m,ss ,I' Call 284·0062 or 279· 
1661 lor delalls on enlry (5/25) 
FREE TRANS TO WASH DC Drrve my 
car aher June 10 Call M ·~e . 1·830· 
t909 (5129) 
AulO Reparr. EngIne Re·buildrng. 
WE Idrag lo'" rales Call Dave or 
lo en. 453·9368 (5/29) 
We rr ng aboul prohclency e.ams? 
Frr n . RUSSIan IUloring by na"ve 
Sp :8 rs Reasonable rales Call 454 . 
2415 (5129) 
lc*, g lor eXira Income? Full. part 
an ~ ummer·tt me opporlunll lel 
M; '8fl 3iT"er.~ cr ~ :""~ r't"1"Ii~ For 
Inp rv w call Sam 4532141 811er 6 
p " 15/ 25 ) 

S~ .clol lor UCSD ludenlS VW lune-
ur & be S 12 95 PariS and labor Incl 
2<3 2 9 (5/29) 
E,pr TYPing e.perlenced on all 
Iy l e, 0

' 

papers Fasl Excell enl 
gr3mmer and spel ling 50¢ a page 
CI.tremonl area IBM seleelnc 565· 
7060 (5 /29 ) 

Pregnanl and Iroubled? ConSIder 
AIIerna rV' 10 Abor1lon lei us help 
yov Carl 583·LlFE 24 hour hot kne 
(6/8 ) 
PIO pa,nl ",or~ . eerylte enamel Camp 
SOup Full sIze SOup, van Trucks 
SOup. Body· .. or~ . 454 ·44~1 

AMES FILM SERIES: Spring 
Quarter Schedule. 
Friday, May 25, Turbulence 
Fluid Mechanics Film -- 29 
min . A Technology for 
Spacecraft Design, NASA 
Film - 12 min. PLACE: 
Room 2622 USB, TIME: 
12:00- 1 :00. These films are 
open to the UCSD Com-
munity. (5/ 25) 
Last Chance to save the 
Laguna Mounta ins from 
Landtec Corp . Come to 
Board of Superv i sors 
meeting Fri., May 25 at 2 in 
tion contact Lance Beizer, 
453-2000 X2394. (5/22) 

saturda, 
SATURDAY NIGHT: At the 
Coffee Hut. Judy Kress and 
Chris Cosner . 8 :30- 11 :00 
Saturday night. Come on 
dow to the Coffee Hut for 
good music , good times, and 
good food . (5/25) 

monda, 
Th. Co.at Crul .. r will not 
be making any runa Mon-
day, May 2', Memorial 
Day. 

general 

These components purchased 
Seperately Cost . . . . . . . 

Hlgb Performlnce SOlnd 
Bring the concert home to you with this high perfOlmance 

stereo system. We've carefully matched this system, with four 
great names combined to bring you the best musical perfor-
mance possible at this price. Come in and hear this quality 
stereo system and bring your most demanding records 10 ptay. 

The Harman·Kardon 630 is a twin· powered AM·FM stereo 
receiver. Twin·power means a separate power supply and 
power transformer for each channel. this design feature 
enables Harman·Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
wans, RMS, per channel, both channels operating Into 8 ohms 
with less than .5% distortion. INTERAUOIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music with dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigorous testing by the SYNCOM computer, the 
best speaker quality control system known today. The Dual 
1215·S automatic turntable Is engineered with precision to give 
longer life to your records. The Shure M44-E magnetic cartridge 
with diamond stylus adds the finishing touch. The combined 
result is sensational sound. 

harman/kardon 
Our Special System Price ......... . 

.$722.85 
. , $615 III (Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) 

breier sound center 
3789 Park Blvd. - 296-0173 

Open Dally 9-5:30, Mon. & Fri. 9-9 

Mr. Charles J. Detoy, Vice 
PreSident, Career Develop-
ment, Coldwell Banker and 
Company . w ill speak to 
Society and Human Values 
Class i n Room 2113 
Tuesday May 29th, 2:00 until 
3 :30. Open to v is i ting 
students. (5/29) 

The UCSD Drama Club 
presents it's second annual 
"!" One Act Festival. This 
year present ing lonesco's 
JACK OR THE 

SUBMISSION, John Guare's 
THE LOVLIEST 
A FTERNOON OF THE 
YEAR , and Terrence 
McNally's BRINGING IT ALL 
BACK HOME. Performances 
at 8 in the UCSD Thoatre 
June 1st and 2nd. Admission 
is free but tickets are 
necessary and available In 
Urey Hall Box Office. (6/1) 

be offered this summer ses-
sion. It will be taught at 10:00 
M , T., W. Th. (5/25) 

GERMAN DINNER 7 :00 
P.M. Friday, June 8th , Inter-
national Center, Matthews 
Campus " BRATWURST MIT 
BIER", Everyone welcome. 
Please make your reser-
vations early by call ing Ext. 
1941 before June 1st. LIMIT 
IS 75 SEATS - $2 PER 
PERSON . BRING YOUR 
LEDERHOSEN!!!!! (6/1) 

"Applications for Thesis & 
D issertation Research 
Gra n t s from 
reg istered graduate 
students are due May 30. 
See your department for 
further information." (5/29) 

Graduat ing students or 
students not p lanning to 
return to UCSD for the fall 
1973 quarte r beg inning 
September 17, 1973, and 

who have outstand i ng 
NDEA : I NDSL, Educational 
Fee Deferment , Health 
Profess ions , Regents ' or 
other type loans, should con-
tact the Loan Collection Of-
fice, 204 MC. regarding an 
exit interview. Deferment of 
payments and part i al 
cancellation of loans may be 
available to you . Find out by 
calling Jane Fitzgerald or Flo 
Rogers, extension 2616, for 
your exit interview appoint-
ment. (6/1) 

The Mathematics Depart-
ment wishes to announce 
that MATHEMATICS 2C shall 

personall 
M JR ' Have ybu changed your mind 
yel? How aboullome nlghl nexi week? 
You know I'm all lor II' love. T.A B 
(5/25) 
J S Need I say Ihal I'll miSS you Ihls 
weekend? love, Siohua. (5/25) 
A TIE'NTION All prospecllve Naval 
person nell Due 10 rash oulbreak 01 
Barry-Barry running rampanl Illrough 
bas'c Iralnlng cenlers Ihroughoul lhe 
Wesl Coasl. all new personnel WIll be 
Imedl8lely transferred 10 DeVlI 's Island 
(5125) 
Dear Skipper - Heard Ihe gtrls are 
really greal on Eevll's Island (Bolh 01 
Ihem!) Have lun and good luck. -
Frances Ihe lalklng mule. (5/25) 
BETIY NORK. MATH IC Ilound your 
nOles In 2722 and now lhey are In 
TRITON TIMES offIce love. Shayne 
(5/25) 

wanted 
Wanled Amplifier. all Iransmer. 15 10 
25 wans RMS MuSI be clean Call 
MIke 453- 1068 (5/29) 
RIDE DESPERATELY needed 10 
Norlh Sacto area Call Suzann 755· 
2044 or Albena 453·8426 (5/29) 
I need a ride 10 Ihe Easl CoaSilusl alier 
Ihe end 01 classes. Will help wilh gas 
and driVing R,ch 81 755 ·9590 (5/29) 
Ride needed 10 Alaska lor two people 
Will diVide gas Can leave no sooner 
Ihan June 17 Herb 453·0593 (5/29) 
I Will pay ICASH! lor your old 2·man 
pack lenl. 3 '" Ibs or under. Mergarel 
4;;0 · Z r~1 I 

lost and found 
FOUND 10' spd bIke on Selurday 
n'Ohl Idenltly and claim Call Oave 
272- 181 4 (5/29) 

FOUND Gown In 262? USB Idenilly 
10 Moe 81 453·3844 (51291 

Found Orange and while shOrt-haired 
labby weanng clear Ilea collar Fd 
Wed near MUIr Res Dean Please <:4011 
453-9394 Mary (5/25) 

FOUND AspeCIS 01 language by 
Bohnger 0 Idenl lhe piaci were Iosl 
nd you can havi rt bliCk Call Joyce 

all r 800 755·4537 (5/25) 

lOST Blue nOlebook In vacrnlly of 
GIlman Or. and Medical School Call 
755·8693. (5/29) 
lOST: A Melalhc blue 10'speed bicy-
cle was lell al Ihe ouldoor hendball 
courts on Salurdey. Relurn II 10 Blake 
351 or call 453·9 195 & ask for Dennrs 
Dominguez. No queslrons aSked , Jusl 
brrng rl backlll (5/29) 
FOUND 6'6" surfboard Yellow and 
orenge Found al La Jolla shores. II ~·s 
yours. phone 459·9226 and ask lor 
John. (5129) 

FOUND: Fronl of books lore gold 
plaled shleld·shaped charm inscrrbed 
SenIor 71 . call X2182 (529) 

housing 
Wanled: Female rmle 10 shere sludlo 
wllll same For summer and? la Jolla 
Shores - S85/ mo. lncl. uili. 459·2790. 
(5/29) 
wanled . 1 or 2 bedroom apartmenl or 
house 10 sublel lor monlll of AugusI, 
1973 Please conlaCI: Susan or lours 
Montrose 453-2371 exl 2803 (5/29) 
Need Now Roommale lor 3·bedroom 
house. I blk 10 UCSD Own room, 590. 
Call 453-451 1 (5/29) 

WANTED' Female grad or couple 10 
share 2·bdm Mesa Api Par1ly lurn 
276-2385 (5/29) 
Spacious house across Irom UCSD. 
Summer room males wanled Call 453· 
8649 (5/29) 
Need lemale lor summer In nIce house 
w/pool In OM own room $75 UIII Incl 
Vrnny 755-8913 (5129) 

A psych Siudeni & surfar seekrng 
mello", summer house north of Del 
Mar . bruce OM 755·2044 (5/25) 
Wanled' House or apl for 3 people lor 
summer pref II araa Call Maggie 454· 
7041 . (5/25) 

WANTED 2 roommales (male, femal , 
couple) 10 ahare room. $60 "almo. 
453-7539, 453-8436 (5125) 

l a Jolla Shores Furnished or Unfur-
nished 2 bedroom apparlm.nl 
S300 00 2 bedroom apPertm nl With 
petlO $350 00 call ... 1 or Kalhy 454-
6770 (5/25) 

Travel 
10lh ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE: from 5239 round -Irlp . 
JAPAN: from 5359 round·trlp. l A. 
"IY 6 /17 one-way, $96. 
Call: Fllghl Chairmen. 583· 1297. 4246 
Overland Ave.. Depl. A, Culver City 
90230. (6/8) 

for aale 
Band sells OUI All kinds 01 goodl8s 
Call 479-2107. (5/29) 
Medium arze pack . also a large 
Coleman & Semi· Light Nylon Sleeping 
Bag lynn' 453-2683 (5/29) 
1969 Benelh 260 cc molorcycle. $175 
274-8714 (5129) 
WebSler typewrller. hghlWl. portable w. 
carryrng case. good condo $20. 224-
9679 (5129) 

t964 VW. recent overhaul, excellenl 
condllron Orrolnal owner. 5650 453-
6776 evenrngs (5/29) 
1964 VW bug. New engine, clulCh. 
lires and brakes. $550 Carl 459·1624. 
(5/29) 
TRAllER,ulrhty. 3'x4 ' bed with raised 
walls. Ideal lor lighl hauhng. Bob 
.1454 day 453-0232 nighl. (5/29) 
Frrgidalre Relrig Immaculaie $100. 
.2528. Sandy or Pele. (5129) 
1970 YAMAHA 250 Slreel bike. luSI 
rbll engine, excl. condo 5350 or beSI 
oller. 454-0056. (5/29) 
Backpklng aqulp II. wi parka or 
lackel, II. backpk . elc. 68Cond-hand. 
cheap. 453-9469 Sharman. 5/29) 
SCUBA gear. 72 cu II lank. SPIS-
Ways reg , ig Jel Iins. apear-gun & 
more 2748714 (5/29) 
SHURE V- 15 type II Improved lIereo 
cartridge Immaculale $20 Call Crarg 
453- 1068. (5129) 
VW PARTS Fendera, wiper molor, 
wheels, radIO Call 453-5123 (5 /25) 
MIMIO Machine ... B Dick old bul good 
workrng ordar $10 753-6559 V25) 
Hillman Minx '59 Good lraneportlhon 
car 5100 or bell oller Cell 270-2246 
evenrngs (5/251 
10 speed bika frames, ahiliera 40hp 
VW wheeft, P/SIOn. mull1er apeel. 
maska. clothet 468-6551 (6/25) 

SPEAKERS- SMALLER ADVENT 6 
mos. old. 560 ea call Alan 453-
3392,(5/25) 

FOR SALE: AMlFM/SW car radio exc. 
sound & lone Blaupunkl $99 aacrllrce. 
cosl $250 new lliso 12 VOII blnery $ 1 0 
Call AVA 453·0384. (5125) 
Girl 's wei suit, like new $50.00. Royal 
typewrrler w/case $35.00. (Peg). 453· 
2743. (5/29) 
Wel8uli: Whlla Slag, "... 5-zlpper. 
medium Llka new $40/0Iler. Stan 
453·2435 Iv. msg (5/29) 
PUppy; Free. Female. 12 weeks. 
Shap ·lab -Smyd mix looks good, 
smart. ac~ve . 755-9590 (5/29) 
KINGSIZE manress + box springs + 
FRAME I WOODEN CHESTS' 4· 
drawer. 57 ; 7-drawer $13. 454 -6764. 
(5/29) 
REFRIGERATOR, lull size with large 
sepl Ireezer, old bul works fina. $20, 
Call 755·1 706. (5129) 
'55 Buick new lires, rUna perfecl, call 
alier 9:30 p.m 281 -0656 (5/29) 
Huffy 3·speed boy's bike 1 year Old. 
535 or besl oller . Call 453- 1083 Isk for 
SU$8n Manin. (5/29) 
Sony color T.V (model No. KT 9000 
U), Mini condition Call 453-4909 aller 
8 p m. Ask lor John (5/29) 
'64 Dodge Darl - good Iransportallon, 
body work needed - Flrsl S 150.00 
drives II away. Jrm 488-7743. (5/29) 
Fender electric Sleal guitar, .... k for 
Ken 453·5667 (5/29) 
1972 Toyota Carrna 4-speed , radlo-
25 mlles/gal , vInyl rool 52000. Bar· 
bara 272-5939. (8/1) 
1965 Comel 6 cyld ald. 48,000 ml 
runa lIne, good looking $450 Irr8 753· 
7602 all r 6 (5/29) 
'67 Chevy Camero 2 dr 8 cyl. 3 Ipd' 
radio. Call evenings lerry 272-1520 
(5/29) 
Honda 305cc 1000 ml. on eng ne. IWln 
locking saddlebags, new IIr". benery 
5350 or oller. 453-0944 (6/29) 
'63 Chevy Impala Wagon $250 '(14 
Pon1lac Tempesl All Pow'r Xlnl con'd 
5500. 453-3063 Don (5/211) 
Le8V1ng. must .. n Seara 108 moIorcy· 
cle 1800 mlIM. very good cond4IIon i 
new htlmeI. $ 120 or basi oftef. Call Fu 
Chen x2319 (5/29) 

1966 Mustang. excellenl 6 cylinder , 
stick. 1 owner, beSI oller. 755-8228 
aller 4 p.m. (6/18) 

1969 VW bug. Very good condition; 
R&H. 5900. Call 755-8425 aller 7 p .m. 
(5129) 

Four man umbrella-type lenl. Used bul 
perfeel condillon. Canvas. $20, call 
Dave 272·181 4. (5/29) 

Eleclric Gullar. Gibson ES·335-TDC, 
semi-hollow body. Grover lumng pegs 
$300. Call Richard 755·3498. (5/29) 

1971 DalSun 1200 Coupe, Buckets·4 
speed, S151000. 755·6521 , 755-
2985. (5125) 

DEPENDABLE REFRIGERATOR -
ready 10 painl your cotor - $30 and 
you gel 10 haul II. 453·0148 Joe (5/29) 

A lloyd liereo syslem, speakers, tape 
cartridge player, A"HM radio lor 
$1 15 37. Call 755-4820, ask for Geolf 
(5/22) 

BOSE 90 I DirecVRellectlng Speakar 
Sysiem $280 Write John Maxwell 481 2 
Applelon 51., SO. , 92111(5/25) 

'5e VW Camper BUI good Hrea need. 
bOdy work $300 453·5 153 (5/25) 

For Iree klnens, call 755-3793. (5/25) 

Swap-'71 Nonon 750cc Chopped 
Super. $2325 Invesl8d. lo MI Ap-
pralSed value $ 1,600. Swap lor SplS 
Car or Impor1ed Md,n 01 aqual value 
0< car & S . Rlan 453·2000.2518 

2 yr old 51 Bernard 10< sale 10 good 
home·reasonable Call lasha 453· 
9537. Iv mag (5/25) 

" Four FlreslOne belled "ras and rlml 
H- 76-15 Load Ringe 8, 5-bon pene," 
Irom '73 Ford \It Ton $35 HCh 0< beSi 
oller. Call Mrk. al 270·3711e " (5/25) 

"or Saie-7 I Hondl C8350 Cuatom 
Palnl, KonJ Shocks, Xlnl Cond Cell 
Greg 11453- 1115 1 (5125) 

Neat bay AppeIooM b4eck poonII whlll 
IIpoIII 4 Y1I $4SO CeIico k... "" 
755-31193 (5125' 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, May 25, 1973 


