
Volume 19, Number 20 

Abzug on Sex ' 
'Descrimination 

Greg Hicks 
. Last Thursday Bella Abzug, outspoken proponent of 
feminism and minority rights, addressed a group of 
UCSD students by means of a teletronic com-
munications system. • 

Ms. Abzug dealt mainly with the situation of women 
in contemporary society. She described women as an 
'oppressed ma/'ority", pointing out that they are 

. "almost invisib e in government at all levels" (e.g. 
There are no women in the Senate). She stated that in 
the Watergate ' and Pentagon Papers cases there is no 
mention of women; women simply aren't in decision-
making roles. She pointed to the fact that women are 
paid sixty cents where a man might be paid a dollar; 
women have a harder time obtaining credit than men. 

Women, in Abzug's opinion, have been cond itioned 
by this society to accept certain types of roles. Televi-
sion commercials, she said, are examples of this con-
ditioning. This, she feels, explains why some women do 
not support causes advocated by the women's move-
ment. 

Abzug spoke out not only against sex dexcrimination 
but against oppression of all minorities. She m ntioned 
a "corporate power structure" which dominates our 
society. We have in this country, in her view, the 
corporate and military "control of the direction of 
government". 

But, in Abzug's view, the general attitude of people 
in connection with women's participation in political 
and economic arenas is changing, although the change 
is slow. Organizations such as the Women's Equity 
Action League have been formed. She sees in the 
future a greater involvement of women in "all levels" 
of social, economic and political Institutions. 

Abzug has herself sponsered a great many bills which 
are designed to eliminate sex discrimination. The most 
popular of these at present is a bill which could prevent 
di crimination in the area of credit. 

CO'!ttnued on pale' 

University of California, San Diego 

. Annual Commencement 
Exercises 

Hannah Cohen 

For the first time, separate commencement 
ceremonies will be held here for the graduates of the 
three colleges, graduate students and the School of 
Medicine. 

The School of Medicine will grant its degrees on June 
10. The other four ceremonies are scheduled for June 
17. 

The School of Medicine will grant M .D. degrees to its 
second graduating class. The ceremonies will take 
place at 11 a.m. on the lawn in fro.n.t of the Ba.sic 
Science Building. Dr. Clifford Grobstetn, UCSD Vice 
Chancellor for Health Sciences and Dean of the School 
of Medicine, will speak. 

Two student awards will be presented during the 
ceremony. They are the Samuel B. Hamburger Prize, 
given for the outstanding thesis or dissertation, and the 
Benjamin Graham Medal for the best use made of 
psychology or psychiatry techniques in the tr atment 
nd prevention ~f disease. A reception for the 

graduates and guests will follow the ceremony. 
Third College graduation exercises will be held at 10 

a.m. on the Third College Plaza. 
There are 60 candidat s eligible to receive B.A. 

degrees during the ceremony. For the first time, each 
Third College graduate will designate two m mb rs of 
hi or her family to walk in the processional and to 
accompany the candidates to the platform during th 
presentation of degrees. . 

According to Third College Dean Pascual Martin z, 
the College wants to emphasize the. family ti .of 
education to show that the ceremony IS for th ntlr 
community as well as the University. 

Speakers at the Third College ceremony will in lude 
Dr. Joseph Watson, Provo t of Third College, UC 0 
Chan 1I0r William McElroy, and Dr. Ern to Galarza, a 
former Regents ' Lecturer at Third Colleg . and 
sp ialist in Latin-American affair , , Dr. Galarza Will b 

Continued on pale' 

Friday, June 8, 1973 

Enroll Your Own 
les Paver 

Tired of all those Bio classes? Ever wanted to take 
soemthing like : 

Defense Department related research at UCSD 
The Regents of UC and Corporate Power 
Women in Wilderness: The Virgin Forest 
The M icrobilogical Effects of LSD . 
Love, Sexuality and Behavioral Psychology? Well, It 

can be done, you know. Ju t get out there and enroll 
your own. . 

The following describes the thre types of speCial 
studies courses as defined by the Academic Senate 
Committee on Educational Policy and Course (August 
10, 1972). Such courses are numbered 199, 198, and 197 
as indicated. 

1. "The 199 cour e is designed to provide students 
with the experience of working independently on 
topics of their own definition. The emphasis is on thc 
individual student's program of study. It i to be 
expected that each tudent will plan a cour e of tudy 
suited to his individual interests, n ed and 
background. 

2. "The 198 cour e is for direct d group tud . The 
differen e bet we n directed studv and ind p ndent 
study is relative; but in the ca of the latter the tudent 
is expe ted to a ume major re pon ibilit for the 
planning of hi work, whil in th form r the in tru tor 
pre cri bes to a great r d gre the : ours f tudy." 

3. "The 197 cour e is for individu:llly arranged fi Id 
tudie . It provide a mean for st.Jd~nt to e pand 

their acad mic training through pre ctlcal exp nence 
out id th University. To tak advantage of thi 
Cour e, a tudent plan a field tud program with an 
indi idual faculty m mb r." 

The Value to lucienlS 
Obviou Iy, the h dule of Cia es doe n't in 

a/l of th ubj ct a stud nt ma b inter t in 
pial tudi cour es, thou h, allow an tud nt to 

initiat hi own cour material. Man tud nt find 
thi ci ting alt rnativ to th normal ' rind ' and 
u opportun:t to g t th ir du ation in a 

Continu d on pas 9 



Assam . Dunlap 
Views .C. Spanding 

"The Socia Responsibility Investment 
Act of 1973" and other related legisla-
tion, authored by Assemblyman John F. 

• Dunlap (D-Napa, Solana) to prev~nt t~e 
State of California and the University 
from investing in business organizations 
which have been found to be involved 
in socially and environmentally i~juri?us 
activities, were heard before legislative 
Committees May 15 and May 23. 

In describing his specific proposals, 
Dunlap said: "California state agenci~s, 
including the Uni~ersity of Ca!lf~)rnla, 
are pillesently investing over.$6 billion ~f 
public funds . A lot of thiS money. IS 
inve)teo in common stock, the voting 
rights of which are handed over to 
corporate management by proxy at an-
nual stockholders' meetings." 

Mid Summers Eve Revel 

In a report entitled, University of 
California: Racist or Responsible?, 
prepared by a member of Dunlap's staff, 
it was found that a number of American 
corporations partially owned by the 
University of California politically ~nd 
economically support the perpetuation 
of the system of apartheid, South 
Africa's extreme form of racial segrega-
tion. The report identified the six largest 
university investments in corporations 
and described their economic activity 
there. The firms analyzed in the report 
were IBM, GM, GE, Caltex (Standard Oil 
of California and Texaco), Ford. and In. 

Come one come all to a joyous "Earth Celebration", featuring Sufi dancin~, 
chanting, and' feasting, which will take place on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30 p.m. In 
Ocean Beach. . k th 

This is a particularly auspicious time for an earth celebration b.ecause sunset mar s . e 
beginning of Midsummers Eve and June 20th is t~e date ~~ w~lch t~e S~mmer Solstice 
falls, the high point of the y~ar in respect to ."fr~ltfulness. T.hls solstice IS relat~d to the 
element fire , and its gift is light or "i llumination ". On .t~I S d~r' human}e~~g~ ah? Nature are in a state of maximum harmony, and. t~e Spirit of Oneness w IC t IS 
produces is traditionally celebrated by joyous activities. . . 

An earlier report found that the 
University of California and many state 
agencies not only invested public funds 
and purchased goods from fir~s 
operating in racist-ruled South Africa 
and Namibia, but supported the 
economies of the Portuguese colonies 
and Rhodesia. Many of these firms were 
also found to be paying Black Africans 
sub-subsistent wages as well as 
strengthening the white-dominated 
economies. 

The celebration is open to everyone to come and observe or to partlclp~te. It gets a 
bit chilly after the sun sets, so dress warmly, and bring a blanket. .If you Wish, you. can 
brin some natural foods and musical instru~ents to add .t? the JOY of the occasion. 

Thge actual ceremony will begin with the arrival of the smiling cele~rants. at the. gra~sy 
area at the intersection or long Branch ve. and Spray SI. The ~el~bratlon will be~1n with 
a Sufi "Dance of Greeting", followed by a "free-form meditatIOn on the s~ttlng sun . 
Afterwards " magically endowed" bags will be passed out, and to the musIc of flute, 
bon 0 , lut~, etc., the litter will be theatrically removed from the beach . At the con~lusion of this ritual, there will be a "symbolic feat", followed by the last scheduled 
rite, a simple, but transcendental Sufi " Dance of Joy". . . . 

The goal of the dance will be to create and dire~t a flow?f positive feelings to~ar~s 
the earth . It is hoped that this expression of love will be reciprocated, and that thiS will 
have a positive effect on our future relations with the Earthl 

June Street Festival 
Jesters, knaves , knights in shining armor and 

beautiful damsels will romp in the streets of Del Mar. 
Canterbury Corner at Tenth Street and ~amino Del 
Mar is staging its first June Street Festival & Sale, 
Friday through Sunday, June 8, 9 & 10. 

Tom Hume, owner of Dilettan te Art Supplies, said 
that the event is planned to call altention to the many 
new and unique shops located in Canterbury Corner. It 
is also geared to provide fun and fellowship for local 
residents and many visi tors that are expected from 
throughout the County. 

Children will receive free gifts and ca~ have. t.heir 
picture taken with a court jester of or knight . Vlsl~ors 
can register for a free drawing with a cache of prizes 
such as cameras, jewelry, hanging plants and valuable 
gift certificates. 

Gaily decorated booths will feature a wide variety of 
products from scented .candles to .wood sculpture. 
Craftsmen in action will be turning out pottery, 
leathercrafts, jewelry and other products. The Jeste~'s 
Cafe will be serving special breakfasts and lun.ches In 
their sunny sidewalk cafe throughout the Festival. 

Aulo Repair Co -op 
Interested in low cost auto-repairs? You are not alone. . 
Many students want to set up a UCSD Student Auto Repair Co-op 

here next Fall. The Co-op would buy parts at wholesale prices and 
thus give students large discounts . . 

In addition auto repair manuals would be available as would the 
tools necessary for doing big jobs. . 

If you would like to work this summer to set up.an auto r~palr co-op 
you are urged to come to an organizational meeting today In the MUIr 
fi shbowl at 4 p.m. . 

If you can't make it but are still interested, please call Vince at 755-
8464 and leave your name and telephone number. 

John M.O.O. Trips 
John Muir Outdoor Orientations is extending an invitation to any 

student, faculty or staff who want to go on t~is summ~r's outings. 
Currently planned are five 3-10 day bac~packln~ ex~erlences . Ten-
tative offerings include sailing excurSIOns, blcy.cling ~nd cam-
ping/ hiking in Mexico. Exact details are still unc.ertaln but fln~1 plans, 
dates places, and costs should be known by the time everyone IS ready 
to leave for the summe r. 

Th purpose of the excursions is to provide stu?~nts who have 
never had the opportunity of leaving the crowded cities and suburbs 
to come into direct contact with either 'mother nature' or the 
wilderness'. The purpose should also revolve around. th~ idea that 
University Students should hav~ a wellround~d education In terms of 
taking the initiative in confronting new and dlffer.ent things to?O and 
getting someth ing "concrete" in the process. ThiS could pro~ld; the 
needed break from the 'study, attend classes, and go to parties that 
UCSD centers around . 

If you are interested pleases regist r your intent with Clair in the 
Muir Deans' office (X1905). 

AdviSOry Job 
Board Crealed 

The task of finding jobs for UCSD 
students has been given a shot in the 
arm by the establishment of an advisory 
boa r d made up of San Diego 
businessmen to aid the UCSD Student 
Employment Office. 

Creation of the nine-member board 
was announced this week by UCSD 
Chancellor William D. McElroy. In a 
letter to the members, McElroy, who 
serves as Honorary Chairmen of the 
board, expressed his appreciation for 
their help in establishing a "sound and 
continuing relationship between our 
students seeking jobs and the greater 
San Diego business community." 

UCSD students are among the most · 
capable you ng people in the country 
and many of them are in need of 
employment to finance their education. 
They are available for part-time work 
during the academic year and for full-
time work during the summer months 
(June 16 to September 23.) 

For the past several years the UCSD 
Student Employment Office has aided 
both students and employers in fi ll ing 
their employment needs by serving as a 
free referral service listing job openings, 
required qualifications, and references. 

In .the past, the office has easily filled 
the more ordinary requests for gar-
deners, ground keepers, clerks, baby 
sitters, and tutors . In addition, it has 
successfully filled requests for lab 
technicians, and computer operators. 
Most any request can be filled as long as 
a steady income is available. " On call" 
and "commission only" jobs do not 
always insure the timely payment of rent 
and groceries. 

With the help of the Adviso ry Board, 
the Office is hoping this year to have a 
job a vailable for every UCSD student 
who needs employment. 

Gordon Fleisher, President of San 
Diego linen Supply, is serving as Chair-
man of the Advisory Board. The other 
members are: James F. Anderson, Vice 
President of Wells Fargo Bank; R.l. 
Cote, Jr., President of Courtesy 
Chevrolet; Peter P. Fuller, General 
Manager of the Sheraton-Harbor Island 
Hotel; and Thomas F. Ham , Jr. President 
of the Bali Hail lighthouse. 

Also George S. Murphy, Vice 
Chancellor, Student Affairs at UCSD; 
Paul A. Peterson, attorney at law; Robert 
W. Trev ithick , Director - Employee 
Relations of Gulf Energy and En -
vironmental Systems; and George A. 
Whitney, Vice President of PSA Broad-
casting. The main function of the Board 
is to keep' Student Employment Office 
personnel advised of the business com-
munity needs and to endorse the efforts 
of the Student Employment Office. 

Coordinators of the student employ-
ment program at UCSD are Judy 
Manternach, Assistant Dean of Students 
for student employment, and James A. 
Reel, field representative for student 
employment. 

Any employer having a need for 
technical or nontechnical help who 
would like to take advantage of the free 
referal service at UCSD should send a 
brief job description to the Student 
Employment Office, University of 
California, San Diego, P.O . Box 109, la 
Jolla, California 92037. 

Employee requests can also be taken 
by telephone at 453-2000, extension 
1936. Employers should be sure to in-
clude the rate of pay, the experience or 
qualifications required, the starting date 
of the job, the approxiamte duration of 
the job , and the company or business 
telephone number. 

Free Film Festival 
"Bullit" 

Th Revell e Residence Hall Board is sponsoring a 
Film Festival during finals week in the Revelle cafeteria . 

Returning to a 
UCSD Good Time .... 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, June 8,1973 
, I I I 

Th films will be shown free for five evenings at 8:30 
p .m. beginning on Sunday, June 10th. . 

Sunday's film will b "Bullit" starring Steve 
Mcqueen. On Monday "Hav Rocket Will Travel: ' 
with the Three Stooges will be shown and Tuesday s 
film will be th Alfred Hit hcock thriller, "Th Birds". 

Wednesday's film will be a science-fiction thriller, 
"Th Forbidd n Planet" . 

The film series will end on Thursday, June 14th with 
" Wait Until Dark", starring Audrey Hepburn . 

Since there will be no charge for the film , all ar 
invit d to come and relax before or after their final . 

Returning Student Weekend at Muir College (the 
weekend prior to Fall Quarter, September 21-22-23). 

After a long summ r look forward to perpetuating 
that summertim feeling at UCSD throughout the year 
by first enjoying your return to campus In a n~w way . 

If you're inter sted enough to want to plug Into the 
planning, stop by the Muir Dean's Office (2D/2125) and 
II av Clair your vital numbers (i.e. wher you can be 
reached this summer); call 453-2000, x1905 and talk to 
Clair; or drop in on an informal dis ussion today from 
2-4 p .m. in the Muir Apt. TV lounge. 

low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 
by Ed Simons 

Revelle Dogs 
As we peek on our canine friends, they are on top of 

a windy hill- called UCSD by some. The dogs, however, 
ca ll it "that place on top of a windy hill" . Amudor 
(acronym for AII-messed-up-dog-of-Revelle) is a small, 
mongrel freshman with a game front leg. Ralf is a 
German shepherd, a senior and very authoritarion. He 
is the titular head of the pack. Shakespeare, a good-
looking spaniel, is the real leader. 

Amudor, Ralf, and Sha~ey are lamenting the loss of 
the Muir parking lot and the attendant tires. They are 
peacefully esconced on the grass by the Backward Flow 
Fountain discussing these matters when another dog joins the group. 

"Hey, youse guysl My boys gotta little green cat 
holed up by Scripps. Youse want in on the stompin'?" 

The intruder was obviously off-campus trash. His 
right ear was bitten to a ridge on the side of his head, 
and was missing much hair. 

" No thanks," said Ralf. 
The stranger shrugged his shoulders and trotted 

away. 
Amudor looked at Ralf. " Hell, that might've been 

fun ." " losing one fight's not enough for you , huh?" 
Shakey said, pointing to Amudor's leg. 

"A green cat? " asked Rail. 
" It's St. Patrick's Day," Shakespeare explained. 

"Green is his color. Someone must've painted the poor 
specimen green ." 

"Boy, that's heartless, "moaned Ralf. "No one had 
better try painting me green." 

"Don't worry," remarked Shakespeare," it just isn 't 
you." 

" Who was SI. Patrick, anyway?" asked Amudor. 
Shakey rolled his eyes. Stupid freshmen. 
" He drove all the snakes out of Ireland," Ralf 

explaned. 
AII-messed-up-dog-of-Revelle looked thoughtful. 

"Sounds like a pretty sharp dude," he said. "We ought 
to celebrate- you know, throw a party." 

"Yeah," Ralf agreed, "a partyl look, Shakey, you'll 
get the chicks and I know th is little hill near Miramar 
just choked with locoweed, and-" 

" Chicks?" Shakey snorted. "At this joint? That's a big 
bi ll to fill , even for a dog of my-we'll be modest -
considerable talents . " He shook his head. "Jesus I I'm 
no magician." 

Unbeknownst to our friend , Prunella Poodle had 
been in the background listening in to their conversa-
tion. She chose this moment to speak. 
"Now, just what are you trying to say, Shakespeare 
Spaniel?" she shouted, in truth being much enraged. 

"What's wrong with us girls, huh?" It was a demand, 
and there was an answer. 

(Two Muir students passed by the dogs on their way 
to USB- 2722. "look at that poor spaniel! Gawd, he's 
throwing up all over the place," said one. "Mind-
boggling, " said the other.) 

Suffice it to say that Shakespeare, Ralf, and AII-
messed-up-dog-of-Revelle got chewed out royally. To 
say more would be embarassing to all concerned. The 
three dogs, however, learned an important lesson 
abou t today's wonderful world of freedom and 
equality : You can think what you like about any thing-
but don't get caught saying it. Ralf winced as he licked 
his wounds. He soon tired of this and put his head 

between his paws and gazed off into the distance. 
"life is tough, isn't it?" asked Ralf, . of no one in 

particular. 
Shakespeare closed his eyes and nodded. In the 

extreme, my friend . In the extreme." 
Amudor wasn'f listening, though. He leaped to his 

feet and pointed towards Blake. 
"Wowl" he barked . "What a beautiful chickl " 
Shakespeare didn't even bother to look . " Must be 

from off-campus," he remarked. 
And she Was. 

Fond Adiu Fondue 
And so ends my first year at college. It needn't be my 

last! If you contribute only fifty cents, you can help put 
me through one more year of college. C'mon! Do you 
really need that pack of cigarettes? Would it hurt to 
miss the pill just one day? And beSides, I'm a mumber 
of a minority group : I'm the only person in Argo 631 
with black hair that pushes smack . Please help me walk 
againl 
I've learned quite a bit this year. Because of Calculus, I 
know how to use integral tables. Thanks to Physics, I 
learned to use a crib sheet. And Humanities. Ah, 
Humanitiesl Thanks to the Human ities sequence, I was 
exposed to a more liberal interpretation of the term 
'man'. 

This past year has been the toughest to date for me. I 
thought I had seen some bad times before I came to 
this burg, but I guess I learned different. How was it for 
you? Waitl Don't tell me, let me guess. 
SEX 

(A) I thought the women would be better looking. 
(B) I thought the men would be better looking. 
(C) Both A and B. 

FOOD 
(A) I thought the food would be better. 
(B) I thought it would cost less . 

(C) So that's what it was. 
HOUSING 

(A) Comfort was high. 
(B) Comfort was marginal. 
(C) Comfort? 

ClASSES 
(A) OK. 
(B) Stink like-
(C) you guessed it. 
For most people, I'd say A or B for the first one; then 

A,B, and A. Actually, the first part is a little unfair. It 's 
the 'sex' part of a questionnaire used as an aptitude 
indicator. Anyone who answers C is earmarked for the 
Humanities sequence. 

Now cum de serious part... 
Speaking for myself and all the low Blows and 

Cheaps Shots staff, we'd like to say but they won 't let us 

Little 
0 ---.......... .... 
P.i04 
~t 

w. t.k. phone orct.,. . 
Phone 453-8455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor" Genelee 

200/0 off for UCSD 
Stud.nt. with ID c.rd. 

USE . . • Your Academic and Staff Employees Credit Union 

Miramar Rd. 
Lyman Ave. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 

USECU 
OFFICE 

YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 
Office hours are 9 :00 am to 5 :30 pm daily. 
Monday through Friday. Phone 453-5620. 

To San Diego 

UNIVERSITY & [J[] ~ r2 
STATE EMPLOYEES L5 

CREDIT UNION 
OF SAN DIEGO 

Lyman Ave. at Miramar Rd, La Jolla 92037 - Ph 453-5620 
5~55 Mlld,ed h •• t , San 0. &0 92110 Phone 2911138 

J 91 Colle.e A .... nu. . .lin 0,.,0 9 " 15 Phone" 42 10 

print it . So, we'll just say it was a gas, probably methane, 
and we' ll see you next year. 

Here's a short list of coming attractions for next year, 
so be sure to register. Can Cancer be Cured? Or 
Smoked? I Ching, You Jane America on 10 Bullets a Day 
Violence : Fire with Fire- Rev. Graham Cracker Death : 
DDestroyer of our Youth " " .but is she clean?" - a 
modern tragedy. So long, suckers! 

UC Student Lobby 
Review Year 

The UC Student lobby, San Diego Annex, will hold a 
final meeting, Wednesday, June 13th at 5:30. At this 
time they this year's plans and actions will be reviewed 
and reevaluated goals for the coming year will be re-
evaluated. 

As the lobby gains credibility in Sacramento, the 
function of the annex becomes increasingly important. 
As well as providing specific information for the 
Savramento interns, the lobby is begin ning to build 
files on all aspects of UCSD. In time, the annex may be 
able to supplement the Student Educational Change 
Center, as an information source for students and other 
others interested in the campus. 

Other than its role as a communicator of UCSD 
concerns and conditions to Sacramento, and of 
Legislative action relevant to the students- the Annex 
can also act in a legislative/lobbying capacity. During 
the senators and assemblymens " homet ime " Annex 
people can present their views to their local represen-
tatives. 

A third program of the Annex one wh ich, one which 
the Berkeley Anex is particularly interested in is the 
legislator -to-campus program. Next year the San 
Diego Annex hopes to bring all the perspective guber-
natorial candidates to campus, as well as some San 
Diego area legislators. 

we can typeset 
anything .. _ 

.... .. ... .. ... .. .... . ... 

. . ........ ~ ... ' · 0 ~ . .. ~ . .. ~ . . ~ ... ~ .... ~ . .. ~ .. ~ .. ~. . . . .. 
:.. : : : :: : : :... : .. 
. .. . .. . .. .... 

KENNY ROGERS 
1} 

and the 1} 
FIRST EDITION 

1} 
)} 
)} 
)} 
)} 
1} 

-.. even the 
triton limes 

If Conservation is 
Your Thing ... 

Save Your Money 
and see the EXPO! 
Of course It doesn't take much money 
to see the EXPO (only $1 .50) ... and 
once you're in 99 and 4411005 of It Is 
t,ee ... 

tncludlng a big lioeup 01 sparkling 
shows on the EXPO 's Grandstand 
Stage •.• namely: 

., 
PAT BOONE FAMILY-June 22-23-24-

8 p.m. 

~ KENNY ROGERS & 
~ THE FIRST EDITION-June 25-26-27 
)} -8 p.m. 

)} ~ 
THE " INK SPOTS" -June 28-2 p.m. & 

)} 8 p.m. 

~ 
1} ROGER MILLER-June 29-30, July 1-
1} 
)} 

2 p.m. & 8 p.m. 

)} THE DING-A-LiNG SISTERs-July 2.3.4 
2 p.m. & 8 p.m. l} 

)} 
~ AND. on the aftunoons 01 June 22 
~ through 27 there s the CHAMPION. 

SHIP RODEO on the Racetrack ! At 
l} cool Del Mar. 
l} VVVVVV 

SO-U " ..... H.ERN 
)} CALIFO RNIA 
)} EX.:PO 
)} 
)} 
1} 

JUNE 22-
JULY 4. 

DEL MAR 

Page 3 Friday, June 8, 1973 Triton Times 



• 

tongue tooth 

Theater/ Don Maker 

Summer in the City 
Shakespeare, Rogers and Hammerstein, and lenny Bruce: is San Diego readyl This 

summer should be quite interesting for lovers of theatre or people just out for a 
good time, as there is, at last, truely something for everyone in San Diego. 

Starlight will be off~ring some good musical comedy, featuring "Showboat" by 
Rogers and Hammerstein. The Old Globe will present its usual trio of Shakespeare. 
They are off and running with 'The Merchant of Venice,' will open "Two Gentlemen 
of Verona" tonight, and on the 10th "King lear" makes an appearance. But the 
spotlight. may be on the Off-Broadway's production of "Lenny," by Julian Barry. 

Having seen some of the early rushes on the Globe's Shakespearean Festival, it 
promises to be another smashing extravaganza complete with entertainment on the 
green. The acting and directing are superb, as usual, and it is tough to find a better 
playwright than the Bawd of Avon. For you English Lit majors, Shakespeare fans, 
dedicated thespians, or culture lovers, don't miss any of the fun. 

But for those of you looking for "something different" in the way of theatre, 
"Lenny" may be your answer. lenny Bruce was probably the most controversial 
night-club comedian-writer-philospher of the century, and this play will undoubted-
ly cause quite a bit of furor in what is considered by many to be an unsophisticated 
town. 

Some people will find the nudity shocking, the language obscene, and the action 
disgusting. Others will find the ideas thought-provoking, and the message beautiful. 
How do I know? , watched the reactions of the other members of the audience and 
listened to their comments. None of them were bored by the proceedings. Whatever 
else it may be, the play is unbelievably funny, graphically honest, and impossible to 
ignore. Continued on page 9 

ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY 

SATURDAY,JlJ E23,AT8:OQP.M. 
The spectAc.lor AM AN Folk 
E n •• mble a 5 magnificently 
costumed da'lctr. linger. and 
musicilns 
BALKAN · l'<f· ODLE EASTERN 
AFRICAN MlS and DA CE 

CIVIC THEAT 

COMMUNITY 
CONCOURSE 

TICKETS 
'5.50 - 4.50 - 3.50 - 2.50 

CIVIC THEATRE BOX OFFICE 
TELEPHONE - 236-65)0 

Plus SUPPORTING SHOW 

SAN DIEGO FRI.JUNE 15 8 PM 
ROBTS AliNA, ~ ~III~ W.!J!IIB 

TICKETS: S5.00 IN ADVANC[ $5.75 AT THE DOOR (I.elufin, , .. kln. ) 
TICkets AI/I, I,blt,t B.II Gambl e ' s Men 's Stores. 

"" Afena TICIU!' .,fnelfS. Spores "fen.llcket OlUte, 
llbe ,t, l,c.,' A,enclu ,n L.A. 

CIII 224·417& lor TleUI Inlolmlilon 

Produced by CONURT "S.,()( t"TlS 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, June 8, 1973 

Finales 
The final concert of the season by the la Jolla Civic Chorus will present 

B ethoven's celebrated MASS IN C MAJOR at the church of 51. Jame ·by-the·Sea, 
743 Prospect, La Jolla, Sunday, June 10, at 8 o'clock. Accompaniment will b 
furnished by musicians from the La lolla Civic/University Orchestra. 

Tke Chorus consists of an impressive one hundred members from all over San 
Diego County and from all walks of life . It has been growing steadily since its 
founding 6 years ago , with numerous well received appearances in the community. 

Soloists will be Phoebe Simmons, soprano, Linda Vickerman, mezzo soprano, 
Howard Crook. tenor, Philip' Larson, baritone. These professional singers have added 
much musical zest to the performances this year. 

Ms. Vickerman has performed extensively in opera, oratorio and recitals on the 
East Coast. She is currently involved as are Mr. Crook and Mr. Larson with the Project 
for Music Experiment at UCSD, a Rockefeller Foundation funded program to explore 
the field of experimental music. 

Howard Crook has performed professionally in the New York State Theater and at 
Carnegie Hall. He is presently singing and performing mime with the UCSD Music 
Department's New Music Choral Ensemble IV Program. 

The grand finale of the UCSD Music Department's co ncert series will be presented 
tonight at, 8 :30 p.m., in Recital Hall 409, Matthews Campus. Involved in a concert of 
20th Century music are faculty members and advanced students of the Music 
Department. 

The program features SERENATA No.2 by Bruno Maderna conducted by Larry 
Livingston; David Bedford 's PIECE FOR Mo conducted by Warren Burt; THE NIGHT 
BEFORE .. .... ENORMOUS STILLNESS based on a poem by Wai-lim Yip by Grace C. 
T'sou; CHAMBER MUSIC by Luciano Berio conducted by Edwin Harkins; 3 
MOVEMENTS FOR STRING QUARTET "of 3 no 3", "LE ISE DUFTE" for Voice and 
Chamber Orchestra and 4 PIECES FOR ORCHESTRA "of 6" by Anton Webern, 
featuring linda Vickerman, Mezzo soprano, Keith Humble, condu ctor. 

And as a speCial treat Diane Galas will present a MODERN JAZZ CONCERT, with 
special guests, tomorrow at 9 o'clock in Recital Hall 409, Matthews Campus. Special 
guests are Bobby Bradford of John Carter/Bobby Bradford quintet, Joe Morillo of 
STREAM, with Mike Carnihan, Roberto laneri, Diane Galas, Gunnar Biggs, Art 
Rodriguez, Russell Caldwell and John Mizelle . 

These concerts are free and open to the public. 

Folk Ensemble 
"Clothes make the Aman I" 

So say Anthony Shay and Leona Wood, co-directors of the AMAN Folk Ensemble 
and both intensely involved in costuming this 85 member troupe of dancers, singers 
and musicians. 

The elegantly costumed membersof the ensemble specialize in Balkan, Middle 
Eastern and African folk members. A typical AMAN concert covers up to 20 different 
ethnographic regions. This means over 300 different, priceless costumes per 
performance. 

Shay and Miss Wood research and acquire quthentic garments for each region. 
Many of the company's costumes come directly from the village in which a specific 
dance originates. Each year, the ensemble sends members abroad to arrange for the 
acquisition and shipment of new costumes and instru ments. Meanwhile, village 
women have spent months embroidering and embellishing the garments. 

In addition, national governments, especially Bulgaria, have donated to the AMAN 
entire sets of costumes and instruments and have assisted in research for ethnic 
materials. 

The Aman Folk Ensemble, comprised of 85 constumed dancers, singers and 
musicians will perform in San Diego one night only, Saturday, June 23 at 6 p.m. in the 
Civic Theater. Tickets are $5.50, $4.50, $3.50 and $2.50 and are available at the Civic 
Theater Box Office. 

DON WORTMAN- ~ ·~pl·.l{)l.4t"',L\\ ~.~~)!~\1.~,r 
TOM HARTZOG'S D:D UC~~ .:J JI ,S' ~ ~ F J 1 4 f S"N" ',~" D"'qo ',I 'l} 1,) 1 THEATRE 

PrevIew s J une 5 & 6 
OPENING JUNE 7 

limited Engagement Three Weeks 

SANDY 
BARONas 

By Julian Barry 
MUSIC By ' Tom O'Horgan 

RESTRICTED No one under 17 yea .. old 
admi tted " LENNY ' IS it controver Sial stage 
plav It ha s content stage action and Ian 
guage that Will olfend some 

ADVANCE RESERVATIONS 
SUGGESTED - 235·6535 

TICl(ftl5 !1tvltllable 8 Q_ Ottl I! and .tl l 
Highlander Store !> 

8 0 11 Off_v Open Tues Sun 101 0 9 
M on 1 106 

luu Wed lhu' ~ 8 30 p m 
Sun Eyes 1 30 p m f,. & Sat Ewes 8 30 P m 

Sltt and Sun MIlS 2 P rn 

S6 1& 110 S 5 15 
S11511oS6 15 
S600 110 S 5 00 

FOR GROUP OISCOUNT INFO 
CALL JOY FURBY 2356178 

Film/Brandon Wander 

Ross Hunter's Answer to 
"The Battle of Algiers" 

"Have you ever dreamed of a place far away from the raging fury of a world of 
turmoil7" That's how "Lost Horizon" is being advertised, Ross Hunter's personal 
escape capade to commemorate the end of the Vietnam War. It whole-heartedly 
receives my backing as both worst film of the year and most political film of the year . 

The movie is an expensive remake of the 1936 Cukor version starring Ronald 
Colman. The ancient version shouldn't be dragged down to be compared with this 
new offering. "lost Horizon," if you don't already Iq!ow, is where a plane-load of 
assorted Anglos gets hi-jacked to Shangri-La. But to view all the going-ons in a better 
perspective, it's helpful to hear what Ross Hunter thinks about this movie, his 
philosophy for the production, and his over-view of his film career. 

In a recent Esquire interview, Hu nter brags that he has a tap on the pulse of the 
American heart throb . He brags that at one time he produced 22 straight hits, the 
track record. He pouts that for the last three or four years, in the face of "Clockwork 
Orange" pornography and violence, he has fought for the public. Ross says h is 
dedication to the public began with "Pillow Talk", the first Doris Day virgin exploit. 

His personal philosophy in movie-making is simple: people need an escape from 
everyday life . The problem with movies today is that many are too close to life, either 
socially conscious or violently unconsious . He believes in family movies, and movies 
that can be seen as milky matinees. He thinks people need movies as a crutch, the 
characters must be heroes, not anti heroes . The heroes must be larger than life, 
hence the 70mm screen, and must provide the sufficient distraction that people will 
want to leave their homes and, after viewing it, feel as if they really escaped for a 
while . The projected result of this strategy is to insulate against the social upsets the 
audience see every day. 

"Lost Horizon" was made for the 40·70 year bracket. It shoots for the audience 
Disney proved wallows in middle America . Hunter wants a return to beauty, a movie 
good for ecology, with real flowers, living with nature in a good way, and a lamestery 
that exhibits all the good forms of architecture. He wants it to be bright and gay: just 
as the new movie he's making "Hollywood, Hollywood:' a 30's musical satire with a 
hoped for cast of Don Ameche, Alice Fay, Alexis Smith, Carol Burnett, Bobby Van, 
and Woody Allen . Undoubtedly the movie will shoot for women first, as Hunter 
always has done. His creation of Doris Day, prancing in a white dress through truly 
sick, pornographic petting neuroses is an image Hunter thinks every woman can 
identify as her own. Middle American women live vicariouslr. with Doris , learn that 
to be Doris is to be sheek (ooh what an elegant, ideal word to have oneself described 
as). Ross Hunter consistently spends more money, assembles more stars than anyone 
in his everlasting crusade to keep America women and their families pleasantly 
sedated . 

The Marcusean notions about how pleasure and divergence are modern social 
tactics of oppressing the consciousness of mass society cannot be ignored. They sit 
on your head after listening to Hunter and they sit even worse after seeing the flick . 

The starting line-up for today's game is this : Peter Finch in the lead-off position as 
Conway, with Michael York as kid brother. Charles Boyer is High lama, and Chang 
bats clean-up, he's always trying to clean up the crap, doubles as Sir John Gielgud. 
George Kennedy is heavy as always, James Shingata, a quick-sharp actor everywhere 
but here, gets a valet role, and Bobby Van is a joke, in fact, he plays a comic. For 
female fodder there 's Liv Ulmann, Sally Kellerman, and a gruesome Olivia Hussey. 
larry Kramer fimbled some hack screenplay, and Charles Jarrott preserved the 
hackneyed quality in his direction. Burt Barcharach and Hal David produced sLIngs 
and lyrics that sent Mother Goose screaming from the theater. 

Escaping a rebellion in an East Asian country, another Vietnam, the money·cast get 
taken at gun-point and chloroform cotton to crash in the snow near the heavenly 
Shangri-La. On the way, we had enough time for a little racism, just to get the 
audience in the right mood to accept the coming drivel. The hijacker looks like a 
greasy Frito Bandito, as do the Mongol tribesman that refuel the plane. Like any 
barbarians they drool and with slit eyes scream "Ha·ha·ha" at a frightened lily-white 
Sally Kellerman . And when they do cra h, killing the Lama's secret agent, the agent 
politely dies in the cockpit with only a wisp of ketchup dribbling from a moth corner. 
Keep it clean , Ross ! 

In Shangri·la , all art is forsaken for oatmeal propoganda. The architecture and 
costumes Hunter raved about are the epitome of American mediocrE! crass. Garish 
colors crash into each other, interiors are designed without consistency, and with 
furniture garnered from a blue-chip stamp redemption center. The floral pieces are 
real flowers, but should be sent to a funeral. The sky isn't blue because it was 
obviously shot in Burbank, smog and all-view shots are just like any old hazy day in 
L.A . The set style harken back to early sixties suburban tracts, an A jax kitchen 
commercial interiors with the prim, banll housewives-hairdoes and make-up glop 
always in their ugly place. 

In this oriental setting of hap pyville-Iong life-no rapes, a heavy caste society, 
racist in structure, comes bounding thru. Whites are in command, and to choose the 
next leader(for Boyer i! dying) they import another white. The metaphor for 
colonialism is so funny, I cry to think no one seems to notice it. The society is kept 
under control in sweet Shangri-la by the most American means: the ideal means 
Hunter wants to advance. People are repressed by given pleasure and a position in 
society-like the numerous chinks who get to serve the whiteys dinner, pull their 
chairs when they sit or get up , wave fans and the rest. If the chinks have any desires 
to advance or be ambitious, the prevailing social more is to make them feel guilty. 
They are to be meek cows, forever chewing their cud, sweetened and endowed with 
enough sex and pretty colors as not to get boring. 

The movie, least we forget, is basically a musical. The music and dancing is the 
most schlocky stuff on record. And some is the most SOcially conservative rejoicing to 
be seen in a long time. There's this schtick about the sancity of the family, the ba sic 
American unit for indorctrination and mental control. But with lyrics like "Three 

RESERVED SOT EJlGACEMEJlT NOW ~mnmllnnllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllRJlIlIlIIlI",nlllll_III'"n'lIIl11mDl_ 
§ 3 1M. ~ J:. ~~ Shanghai! ~itL I ~ j[ Mand"i~,~;hanghai ~ 
--~ ~ '''' Chinese Restaurant e 
t1ltT.1. 4 S ==_5 ~ .i!t ~ 10% of( dinner 1=_ 
--r 5 u.M 1'J7..,. menu with cudenr 1.0. 

® ·S.$ ->- :: 
.. __ .,,_,nu UnlfldAr"III _ .• ;t i;7U "r, M~~:~~y~~~ST ~==_ 

BOX OFFtCE OPEN i 4 
NOON TO 9:00 DAilY t.tr.1 v.r SMORGASBOARD FOR 

Tickets also on sale at any ~"''- '" i. WEEkDA Y LUNCHES ~ 
Central Ticket Agency - ~ ~ ~ ~ E 

Ca ll Theater For Showtimes -_~=- ill·~ . ". ~ IJ1 .,~ 1017 prospect = 
I ltM..1t f- ~~1~~ I 
I · • f 1l115&21l211_'"I ... nllllillllt.'IIIlIlIlII_'11IIII-'i 

rhymes with family," the propoganda is evidently not becoming more sophisticated 
but mor -childish. It is attempting to revert the 40-70 age bracket back to moron 
logic, easily manipulated and controlled. With this in mind, maybe I am wrong, this is 
the ultimate devious tactic concocted by intelligent men with a sharp social 
conscious. Hunter is a baron of American conservatism, and since President Nixon 
only watches G rated films in the White House, Ross is probably a presidential 
favorite . 

The actig in the flick is tripe. Olivia Hussey is a big Mama, with big pectorals and 
paunchy and short. For her dance sequence with Sally K. , she nee'ds four-inch 
wedgie shoes, but they still look and act like laurel and Hardy. Our hero, Finch, is 
paunchy, and Liv Ullman is paste-faced. Neither feels much Peter seems constipated 
and liv wishes she weren't there. All songs are dubbed, and Peter's tune is ludicrous. 
He acts like a bellowing pig , mouth wide open ready to catch apples . Michael York 
doesn't know what to do except act the same way he did in "Caberet" and hope if 
they liked it then, they'll like it now. Obviously, the money waved under the actors 
noses was enormous. Hunter has the loot and isn't afraid to spill it for such a highl y, 
moral cause. As Ross said, "They (the actors) couldn't afford not to do it." 

Drums come out for the finale as Peter returns to Shangri-La alter a short vacation. 
"There's a wish for Shangri-La in everyone," the movie drones again and again . 
Death comes like candy bars, are consumed, and then back to work . The end comes 
in sunlight, glaring patio rays, with no hardship or drama. It 's a rejoicing of the 
mataphor for Shangri·La, Hunter's updated version of the frontier metaphor in 
American history and social mythology. Towards the end, people line up for a ritual; 
all are equal, all are zombies on a string being led, like the procession the "The Time 
Machine," to be eaten by the cannabalistic ruling class. Ask anyone in the line why 
they live in such a place, submit to the lies aaout religion , racism, freedom through 
pleasure, etc. they will reply Peter's immortal lines, " Yes , I believe it, because I want 
to believe it." 

Ask anyone in the line leaving the theater and you too will pick up their sense "I 
believe it because I want to believe it." Hunter knows this, and he personally checks 
each movie's impact by interviewing little old ladies and housewives leaving his 
flicks. Hunter , in his way, is a careful social engineer, always remembering to 
corroborate and adjust the effectiveness of his manipulations. 

This " believe it" axiom is the modus operandi for members of a repressive society. 
It is employed to iron·out official double-talk that does not withstand logical 
analysis . Maintaining the official line of freedom and equality is bulwarked by simple 
denials that rely on meek cows' patriotic faith . 

This faith is a handy item. Hunter sells movies with it. The key to catching the 
New Majority's sumpathy is to reassure their perceptions (ra ther non·percept ions). 
"Ross, tell me my ideals are real, that my dreams can be foundl" 

"Yes my dear, there they are, sweet and bright as a summer day, up on the screen 
in 70mm and Panavision." 

This faith is the same mass consuption fa ith our government and corporations use 
in reassurrin c; the populace that what they smell, really doesn't smell , or here, have a 
shiny can of aerosol spray. Making a big deal out of " lost Horizon", reading this 
political avalanche into a microcosm, is open to c riticism . These arguments are not 
rock-steady, but neither are they hollow as a tin drum. The assert ion that this faith is a 
plug in line can't be dismissed out of hand. "Lost Horizon" is the puritanic, 
bachannal rejoicemen t of this faith , the faith used to whitewah Vietnam , lIT, or 
whatever other weeds sprout in the carefully planted cow pasture. 

Glenn Yarbrough and The Limeliters, featuring Alex Hassilev and lou Gottlieb, will 
return to the San Diego civic Theater by popular demand of San Diego Audiences on 
Stlturday, June 16 at 8:00 p.m. Tickets are $2.50, $4.50, $5.50, and $6.00 and are 
available at all Highlander Stores, Metro Ticket Agencies and the Civic Theater Box 
Office. Also coming to San Diego in June are Beautiful Day, Ballin' Jack, Cold Blood, 
Elvin Bishop, Focus, and in July, The Doobie Brothers. 

Friday Flicks 
DUCk 
SOUP 

~ !. 

& 
Horse 
Feathers 

7:30 & 10 P.M. 
B 2722 7St 

Saturday 
Films 

A lVlan For 
J~1I 

s n 
With 

Paul Scoefield 
7: 0 

Page 5 Friday, June 8, 1973 Triton Times 



T~e opinions exprened on thete pages ore those of the authors whose nomes appear in the bylines and do not neces· 
sorily reflect the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to .ubmit moteriol to be publi.hed on the.e page •• hauld . 
send it to the Editorial Director. TRITON TIME~lak. Hall. US;SD. 

The Bombing of Southeast Asia 
Must Stop , 

THfFOLLOWING STATEMENT WAS PREPARED FOR THE ment, we. pursue an u~~isgui.sed policy of he~dl(:mg in.terven-
tion. While the Admtnlstratlon announces Its intentions of 

SENATE FLOOR BY SENATOR JOHN V. TUNNEY (D. establishing and enduring peace in Southeast Asia, bombs from 
CALIF.) American planes continue to rain down on the unprotected 

Mr. President, on January 27 the signing of the Paris peace villages and innocent civilian populations. 
accord appeared to signal the end of the longest and costliest Former Secretary of Defense Elliot Richardson has said the raids 
war in the nation's history. It was the hope of us in the Senate are necessary to induce North Vietnamese observance of the 
that we could put the senseless bloodshed, which cost the lives peace accords. Thus, we are conducting unrestrained air attacks 
of 53 thousand Americans and countless Vietnamese, behind us upon one country as a form of retaliation against another. We 
and turn our attentions to the pressing needs here at home. are saying in effect, that to enforce the agreements, we must 

We had reason to believe that the bitter debates which ourselves breach the agreements. This ignores the fact that the 
divided our count ry would end. We thought that as we honored ostensible reason for going into Cambodia in the first place was 
the returning prisoners-of-war and the thousands of Vietnam to protect our troops in Vietnam. That justification no longer 
veterans who served so courageously, we also were making a exists; the troops are out. 
solemn pledge to avoid future military involvements in If the proviSions built into the Paris accords are now to be 
Southeast Asia. We expected the government to heed the undone by the arbitrary and legally unsupportable acts carried 
overwhelming desires of the American people and the Congress out in open violation of those accords, then this Administration 
to withdraw finally, completely and irrevocably from the will be legitimizing the use of force whenever its diplomacy 
quagmire of I ndochina, and to devise new and more fails. The way to rebuild the peace and to repair the damage 
enlightened policies in dealing with that part of the globe. already done to these beleaguered countries is not to wage 

Now, hardly three months after the ink on the ceasefire further war and not to seek refuge in shaky legal doctrine in 
agreement has been allowed to dry, the military forces of the doing so. If the aftermatn of the ceasefire agreement are to be 
United States are engaged in a heavy and expanding aerial the spilli ng of more blood, the loss of more American ser-
bombardment of Laos and Cambodia, in direct contravention of vicemen, the creation of thousands of Cambodian and Laotian 
the language and spirit of the ceasefire provisions to which we refugees, and the poisoning of tht: climate in which the 
are sworn parties. Thus, while our nominal policy is disengage- reconstruction of these countries should begin to take place, 

then we have accomplished little toward our goal of freedom 
and security in that part of the world. 

Modern Jazz 
Concert 
Saturday, June 9.9:00 P.M. 
409 Matthews Campus 
UCSD 
Special Guests 
Bobby Bradford 
of John Carter I 
Bobby Dradford quintet 
Joe Marillo 
of Stream 
with I" 

i 
I 
i 

It is apparent that the constitutional checks and balances and 
the weights of public opinion have been ineffective in halting 
the unilateral war-making decisions of the Executive branch . 
Despite strong condemnation of the bombing by majorities in 
both Houses of the Congress, the Administration persists in 
expanding the conflict. The deadly air bombardment going on 
even as we deliberate here today, imperils the steps toward 
peace we have already taken, risks more American prisoners 
and additional casualties. 
In pursuing these measures, the President undercuts the very 
objective of the so-called Nixon Doctrine in which he stated, 
" The time has passed when America will make every other 
nation's conflict our own, or make every other nation's future 
our responsibility, or presume to tell the people of other nations 
how to manage their own affairs."The time has come to hold the 
President to his word . 

For too long, the Senate has stood by while its Constitutional 
powers have been eroded by the Executive Branch . Mr. Presi-
dent, I think this body must now respond to this challenge, and 
restore to itself its Constitutional role in the decision-making 
process. We can no longer tolerate executive abuses of the 
Congressiona l mandate in this vital area of foreign policy 
without seriously undermining public confidence in the 
Congress to curb the executive branch when it advocates 
measures that may be no longer truly reflective of the national 
interest. 

LA PALOMA" 

Humanities: The 
Editor: 

In the IT ed. 5/29/73, p. 4, under 
"Curriculum Revision" was a 
statement of the aims of the 
humanities courses. Since I am on 
the verge of finishing the 
Humanities sequence, I couldn't 
refrain from commenting on it. 
This little gem, this statement in 
the article o( the purpose of 
Humanities declared that 
Humanities was : 

"1) To teach the student how to 
read _and write effectively, 

2) how to analyze and criticize 
and, 3) to have an appreciation 
and awareness of disciplines ou t-
side his area." 

1) If this was the purpose of the 
Humanities course, it totally mis-
sed me. I and many of my 
classmates did not know thi s. 
Although it is probably all for the 
best that we remained ignorant, 
we would have real ized th e 
Humanities sequence is more 
worthless than what we thought it 
was. If that is what the Humanities 
sequence is supposed to do, it 
would have been less confusing 
and more helpful if we had six 
courses in Subject A or English 
Composition. If any of my 
Humanities classes taught me how 
to read and write more effectively 
than when I first subjected to 
narrow-minded T.A.'s who have 
thought that their way of writing is 
the only way; to brainless T.A.'s 
who thought that the length of the 
paper is the only yardstick of 
grading, i.e., quantity not quality; 
to T,.A.'s who have loved quotes 
and didn't care about originality ; 
to T.A.'s who loved originality 
even though it had nothing to do 
with the subject; In general, to 
irresponsible T.A.'s who wasted 
my time and theirs (at the expense 
of my grades) I AND TH IS IS 
SUPPOSED TO 'lEACH ME HOW 
TO READ AND WRITE??I 

Le Cong Phung Replies 
to Charges By Bob Deleonardis 

Democracy And 
Mr. DeLeonardis 

I would like to leave to the 
reader's judgement your using the 
US participation in World War II 
10 justify the US involvement in 
Vietnam. 

As for the relation between 
Vietnam and Cambodia & Laos, if 
you just look back to the history of 
100 years under Frenc h 
colonialism you will understand 
that these three countries on the 
Indochina peninsula are close 
together as lips ;lnd teeth . Vietnam 
ca n never have independence if 
Laos and Caml;lodia does not, and 
vice versa. The historical ex-
perience is that 120 years ago 
when Vietnam fell to the French, 
laos and Cambodia becam e 
French colonies immediately. 

But if you try to justify the US 
killing and destruction in In-
dochina by claiming that North 
Vietnam invaded Laos and Cam-
bodia, you are completely wrong. 
During the 9 difficult year of the 
independence war against the 
hen h colonialism in Indochina, 

MORE LETTERS 
ON PAGE 10 Mike C·am-han, 

Robert Laneri 
Diane Galas 
Gunnar Biggs 
Art Ro rlquez 
Russell Caldwell 

I·AC"'CCOM'HYn·~:'~ii~" 
: I P\USSlCDffI ..... nCCGIII.' " MADE roR EA H OTHER' 

fun-siop 
shopping 

I A'rtiques, books, candles, fountains, jewelry, leather, macrame, 
paintings, poll-in fact, everything for the person who doesn 't 
have everyihlng . 3780 M,ssion Blvd. in old Mission Beach. Phone 
-488-3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 am 10 9:00 pm- Fri . 11:30 om 
to 5:30 pm- Sot. 10:00 om to 5:30 pm- Sun. 11 :30 om to 5 :30 pm. 

John Mizelle 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, June 8, 1973 

Af'120 ... ' I ll........ 'UISDAY "'IIU SUNDAY ._._." COMING THIS ~MMER"'~H-SrEElYARD BlUES-SLITHER· A SAfE PUCE-CRYS .. 
I WHISPERS-SALT WATER WINE' CABARET-SLEUTH· MARX BROTHERS· BUCK ROGERS, FLASH GORDON 

••• 
VABVum 

,.. TBB' m.,. Campus Crusade Survey Results In 
is in addition to professors 

did not know their area (for 
I had a professor who 

ally taught modern 
ure, yet was stuck in the 

ities sequence to teach, 
viewed their students as 
sheep. 

o one taught or even 
to teach me how to 

and criticize - I picked 
up on my own, if I picked it up 

all. None of those who taught 
(wi th one exception) ever 
out of their way or were even 

ed in helping me how to 
to ana lyze or criticize a work. 

is "noble" and totally irrelevant 
of Humanities again was, I'm 

unknown to but a few 
Again, an English Com-

tion course would have been 
helpful. 

The only appreciation I ever 
out of a Humanities course was 
relief after exams that I had 
less idiotic, irrelevant course 
ow through. If anything, the' 

pace of books whose 
wen t in one ear and out the 
made me less appreciative of 
. Grabbing my by the neck, 
y shoving my nose into a 
and then demanding of me 
thought about a totally un-
ing story is not going to 

any awareness or ap-
" (Iall()n of a discipline outside 

own, and will only decrease 
miniscule amount of apprecia-
I have for the Humanities 

conclusion, the Humanities 
nce is the least integrated, 
confused, most irrelevant, 
inlormative, least satisfying 

it has ever been my 
e to take. I only pity 

whose lot it will be to take 
of th is loser se-

Anita McCurdy 
Revelle College 

y With Honor? 
the Vietnamese did the 

Laos and Cambodia had 
no army at that time. As 

. Artistic (?) 
Sufferers 
Want Refund 
Prof. Michael Todd 
Visual Arts Department 
Sir: 

We realize that you were 
going through your artistic 
menopause at the time of 
your supervision of the in-
famous " Muir Ro ck 
Garden," but,· as sufferers 
who have to deal with Yo.Jr 
creation every day , we 
have but one thing to say: 
why us? 

Can we get a refund1 
Affectioniately yours 

lCevin Avruch 
John Runell 
Terry Tombs 

James Millc Murray . 
Carlos Velez 

Botba Wallock 
Graduate Students 

Anthropology Department 

LMry Johnson and Chuck Graham 
Over the past two years members of UCSD's Campus those with a "vague" ph ilosophy declared they lived by 

Crusade for Christ group have been tak ing the San it most of the time. 
Diego Collegiate Religious Survey, either going out on Once again, "self-centeredness" and "intolerance" 
a random basis to conduct interviews or setting up were the two answers most often given to the question 
individual appointments for the same purpose. This "What is the bas ic problem of humanity?" Fifty-seven 
year's results were compiled last week and are again percent of the respondents declared their philosophies 
presented as a sample of religious beliefs and of li fe included solutions for man 's most basic 
practices among UCSD students. problem; 34 percent admitted thei rs did not; and nine 

Approximately 200 people were surveyed this year percent said there was no solution. 
(compared with 152 last year), 57 percen t of them male A majority of students (64 percent) professed belief 
43 percent female. This year the number of freshme~ in a God both infinite and personal; 31 percent did not 
surveyed was almost twice as great as that of all other believe in God. About four percent declared God was 
class levels combined. either infinite or personal , bu t not both . 

Fifty-seven percent of those surveyed are now or in Thirty-eight percent revealed they had seriously read 
the past have been members of religious groups. through the New testament; about 35 percent declared 
Twenty-five percent used to belong to some group, they had not done so, 10 percent stated they'd read 
and 17 percent have never had any affiliation . Once more than half, and 15 percent, I ss than half. 
agai~ mem~ership was Widely divided among a var iety Once again a w ide variety of responses were given to 
of fatths, ~Ith the four most common (in decreasing the question , " Who, in your opinion, is Jesus Christ?" 
order) b.elng Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, Episcopal The responses most commonly given were: Son of 
and JeWish. God, God -Man, 35 percent; teacher, about 12 percent; 

Nearly 49 percent declared they had a definite philosopher, 10 percent; prophet, nearly nine percent; 
philosophy of life, and 46 percent termed their philosophical ideal, about three percent. Fifteen per-

p~ilosophies of life "vague_" Only about two percent cent gave answers other than these; seven percent 
said they had no philosophy of life at all . Nineteen didn 't know; four percent weren 't sure; and two 
percent of the respondents said they lived according to percent regarded Jesus as a myth . Thirty-five percent 
their philosophies all the time; a whopping 70 percent arrived at their conceptions of Christ through personal 
declared they did so " most of the time." Only about 10 study; 29 percent, through religious education; 13 
percent ~dmitted they lived by their philosophy only percent from friends; and the rest from a variety of 
half the time, or seldom. Interestingly enough, most of sources. 

RRSlOF AU, 
lH6 PeR-
FfTRATORS 
Ha,O R,6 -
qfCTCD AUlI 
SflJ';Inv6 
JOBS I~ 
TH6 Hla1tST 

BRA~H Cf' 
c:SaCRIJ fv{WT. 

/XJW I 
f<::lXW 
SOH&' 
Ptcf'l£. (IJOU /...() 
CAf.,L, 
THAT 
CRII--1(-
kJf\L. · T 
COfJ'T. 

~6X7; 1H8( 
AR6 WH1TC, 

COH5 FRJH 
60XJ HOHES NJD H6/...[) (HPR6'SSIVC: 
1RACK 
RECORf?S 
I/.J PRIVATe 

e~R<lst. 

(, -10 

FEIFFER as the Vietnamese defeated french troops at Dien Bien 
in 1954, Laos and Cambodia r 
independence, and all the triton times 

troops fighting the 
army in Laos and Cam-

were withdrawn complete-
,pn'''t~.rl by the I nterna tional 

Cnlnrnli«i·on. Not only was 
ri ng on the part of the 

. nalmpI,,, during that war were 
wh ile the Laotians 

ians enjoy their in-
_ nn .. "ro, fought for by the 

mese, Vietnam was divided, 
i a general election in 1956 

the country the general 
in 1956 to unify the coun-

general election that the 
ment had tried to pre-

.byall means. This prevention 
finally to the war against the 
n Vietnam. 

Prince Sihanouk was still 
, what he always com-

ed ab out was not the 
invaSion, but the US in-

Cont, on page 10 

" az be dubN volt ,eh., r~der, yolt zie seven I VUllen" 
Editor-In-Chief ..... Carny Sh.rick 
City EdUor ...... . . Carrie Rickey 
Milna,in, EdUor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor . . Debbie Monlgomery 
Businels Manaser . Michael Greene 
Editori~1 Director .. .. Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor .. ...... Tom lindberg 
Sports (dilar . .. ... Michael RaIn 
Photo,raphy Editor . Malcolm Smith 
Science Editor . . . .... larry Winn 
Secretary " ...... . Corinne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor .. Kathy Kuenzi 
A soci.le City Editors . Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Aut. Business Msr. .. Michael Wyer 
AssL Sports Edilor "" Eric Raisters 

N~ Dep.rlment 
Karen Arm itage 
Hannah Cohen Greg Hick. 
Greg Moser 
Tim O ' Neil 
Don Maker 
lee Bure 
laura Scudder 
Sports Department 
Cheryl EII,on 
Joh n lelevier 
Dave Phillip. 
Pal Slacy 
Doug Beanan 
Arb Departmenl GI.n Genrle 
Charle. Hyde 
Grell leonard 
Kristine Michel 
Hank teiman 
Charle. Unkeles. 
Brandon W.mder 

Copy R.ad ... 
Karen Glick 
Baoil ... R.ndall 
ArtiJ •• 
Corky M. C.CIS 
Pholosuphy 
Daryl Amster 
Joe Eastern 
George Fi.her 
Steve Harper 
Mike Sesma 
Production 
Jim Charley 
Ch.rlle Helmler 
Janet Kleinkauf 
Brooke Jarrell 
David Marcus 
Andy Rogers 
M ichael Sesma 
8uslnHs De,pirtmenl 
Carrol Bowden 
Nancy Mancino 
Donna Yamamoto 

~he TRITON TIMES !. o".ki<olly rKosnlzed .. I student newspaper by the Communi,,-
hon Io~rd of the UmWft51ty of ClNforniil, S.n DieKo, Buildins250, Matthews C.mpul, .., 
JolIl, C.llfoml. 92037. 'ubllCltlon I. I",ice weekly on TuesdlY' Ind Friday •• OUkes Ire 
looted In Room 111, "'~e HIM, R • ..,Ue Cimpul. For adverti.in. phone 453-1721, or 
453-2000, X "17; for .ditorlal or ne ... phone X 1016. Opinions .'pre"ed in .d • .,-
tisemenls are those of the .. dyer.iler and do not nece"t1rily reflect the opinion of the 
TR ITON "M ES. 

Typese lling by Fototype 

Now at our new location 
(wirh offsrreer parking) 

IDEAL 
BICYCLE SHOP 

Hours: 10:30-3:00 Mon-Sun. 
~turday 10:30-12:00 
(East on Villa de La Valle 

Specializing fn Raliegh. PeugeoJ & Clubman 
Reliable Service on all model 
WES1ILLHA EI STO K: 

'72 Raliegh 10 peeds at 589.95 
4647. I . 488-1727 

(acro (rom Ro y Theatre) 
ON THE w"vro ."NCHOS"NT" FE .) 

Hear ye Gentle Nobles. Comroons. Revellers All 

STRE£\ f£STI\{1l 6 SALE 

JUNE 8-9-10 . DEL MAR 
Know ye the true delights of bu 'iog your 
impl iments of dail use or objects o'beaUT), 
at Canrerbury Comer. Wander the colours 
ful shoppes to find the man ' trea ure . 
plea ure and bargains which .hzzle myrxk 
and e e_ Meet friend for a p"fullunclron 
at the Je fer unn idewalk ca:e. Comp/is 
mentarie gyh for youthful . And a 
cache of valuable free pnze _ 

Page 7 Friday, June 8, 1973 Triton Times 



' ...... c 
-- . 

:. 
.... 

Loose Lockers 
Spell Trouble 

Looking on your Recreation Privilege Ca~d ~ou may 
notice that the little numbers under the expiration date 
seem to be getting close to coinciding to the nu~bers 
of the present date. This means, for .you non sCience 
majors, that the card is about to expire. 

If you would like to renew your card you have two 
choices: 1) go directly to the Office of the D~partment 
of Physical Education (what a title for ~he .offlce of Jock 
organization) or 2) pick up an application from t~e 
above mentioned office and send a check along with 
th application to the office. The check can be mad.e 
payable to The Regents of the University of California 
(to whom else?). . 

The permanent lockers are avail~ble only to full-lime 
University em ployees, other appointed employees are 
only eligible for temporary lockers. . 

A warning to all you who are not planning on 
renewing your cards, all personal belongings must b.e 
r moved from the lockers by June 18. If your locker IS 
not cleared out by this da te, all your personal 
belongings will be di scarded (heaven forbid )! 
The fee schedule is as follows 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Perm . 
Faculty / Staff ... . . Family 
Annual ......... $23 
3 Quarter .. ..... 18.50 
2 Quarter . . .. . . . 14 
1 Quarter . . . . . . . 9 
Summer ........ 9 
Students 

Annual ... . ..... 9 

3 Quart e r · .. .. .. 8 

2 Quarter · . . .. .. 6.50 

1 Quarter · ... .. . 5 

Summer . .. .. ... 5 

Locker 
Single 
$18 

14.50 
11 .50 
7.50 
7.50 

3.50 

Temp . 
~arnily 
$18 

14 
11 

7 
7 

Locker 
Single 
$14 

11 
8.50 
5.50 
5.50 

Outlook 

Water Polo Future Bright 
This year hasn't even ended an~ ~I~eady those guys 

running around in the obscene bikini bottoms are all 
ready to start next year. That's ri,sht, Fred and . Gary 
Becker are looking forward to leading the troops Into a 
season which could be the best in UeSD water polo 
history. Take a gander at the schedule yourself and you 
will see why the tongues are hanging out and 
everybody's ready to play. 

Next year's team could be pretty good if t.he .ru":1ors 
and bodies floating around the pool are any Indication. 
Expected to be one of the all-stars for next year's team 
is Mike " Pixie" Norris. Pixie is getting to be so studly 
that people are beginning to fear calling him Pix ie to 
his face . He's kind of outgrowing the name to 
everyone's dismay. Pixi~ doesn'~ thi~k ~he team ca~ 
win with just one Noms, so he s shipping down hiS 
brother from Mira Costa, and feels together that the 
two of them can do just about anything. 

Rumor has it that Mark Reimer will be end ing his one 
year holdout and is condenscending to play for his 
fellow man next year. He will be dividing his time 
between Argo and the pool and should . be in pret!y 
good shape. A year's layoff is a long time and stili 
remains a big " if ." 

The team might not lose all the bums, howeve r, as 
Rick Pickerall is mulling over the idea of playing yet 
another year, now that he doesn't like Santa Barbara 
anymore. The only question in his min? is .if all the 
pracrice is wOrth it, and the only ques.tlon. In Coach 
Becker's mind is, will Rick be worth It Without the 
practice? In any case, Rick should be around and 
maybe a deal can be arranged to allow for a beer for 
every goal scored or something equally amendable to 
Rick's desires. 

Along with all those experienced old men incluae 
the baby fa ced freshmen, who will be grown up, 

BOOGNamed 

WATER POLO 
1973 

Do.e Doy app-ooI .... e TloM 
SopC. J6 w .... ,...... ... 71Vonlly "- 4: .. p ..... 

HpI. ~ Sot. loyolo U. T_' 
-

L ..... 
Oct. 2 T.- csuso '-e 3:.p •• . 
Oct.l W .... WhIIIIet CoIep 

-

4: .. p .... 

Oct. 51 fri.-Sol. a..-on Collep Tou....-... 
-

t.b.L 

Oct. l' wet!. 0« ...... .., CoIIete 
-

J:., .... 
Oct.1l ~ •. Cal Tech TOUIn_nl 

-

Lb ... 
Oct. J6-

-27 fri.-~L (0,-) Iwte 
Oct.JI,IW .... r_·PIIz .... C~e ...... e l:.p .... 
Now.2 f.l. U. 01 ArImno (Tuaon) Iwte 11 : ..... 

U.oI ...... nck Iwte 4: .. ' .... 
Now. J Sol. U. 01 Podlle . CSUSO Lb ... 
Now. , W .... (0,-1 Iwte 
_ . 1' CSUSD there 11:. 
Lm. 
_. l' loyoU u. her. 4:" 
p.m. 
No • • 17 ~L Sou.hwes •• ,n Vl.loyoU her. ,: ...... 

SouIIow ..... n ... UCSD hItt'. 11:" u • • 
No •• 22-
24 W .... -f.1. NAIA N •• Ion.1 Ch.mpIonthlpl Iwt. Lb .•. 

mature sophomores next year. Among those include 
Ralph Ausman , the man with the big muscles and the 
weak shot, who vows to have a strong shot next year. 
This group also included Baby-faced Dan Barba who 
stands about 6'4" and weights a paunchy (now that th~ 
crew season is over) 200 pounds. Of course we can t 
forget Ted Gazules - who if he can keep his eyes in his 
head - should have a lot of playing time next year. 

If any of you blossoming athletes like to know more 
about next year's team, be sure to contact the PE office 
and they' ll be glad to help you out in any way they can. 

Graffiti For 
Softball Champs !;~b~",~e~~r'~h;'~b~'~'U"h'" 

. I h ce for anyone to write depleted an already too For some old veterans, mtramura s came to an cban UCSD th ' low budget for both the 
appropriate end Wednesday afternoon when BOOG a out sports IS . . 
defeated the ORCS5-4 for the intramural men's softball year, because this is t~e last Intramural and re~eatlfn 

h . h ' issue of the n until the departments (so w at e se 
c ~h:l~i~~O;~ ' came on' an afternoon so foggy and beginning of fall quarter, it is n~w?) and things .are 
overcast the first baseman had to callout so that is now time to tie up some looking do.wn o~ Im -
infielders could throw toward the sound of his voice. loose ends. provements In curncu um 
BOOG drew first blood by scoring three runs in the First of all lockers must and better and more refs, 
third, but the ORCS, known for thier offensive thrust be cleared and socks, you know theyeople who 
retaliated for four runs in the top of the fourth . BOOG, jocks, the cloth kind , not wal.k aro.und In. black and 
in an atlemptto get the crowd excited, waited until the the h u ma n , kin d , a nd white strtped s~lrts and red 
bot 10m of the seventh before they pushed across the trunks are due from the and white striped canes, 
necessary two runs for victory . So for such as .Randy intercollegiate pla ~e rs . but as u s.u a I the 
Eberts, Damon Delistraty, and Lee Johnson (playmg on Th se must be turned In so departments Will have to 
his first men 's team) the championship was a long time that several dollars worth make do. 
coming. However, cry no tears for the <?RCS; they won Qf " missing" equipment Lastly, a subject I know is 
the championship last year, and by losmg they upheld won't cause the equipment very close to all your 
an old UCSD intramural tradition : no team has won a room staff to hold you back hearts. The TRITON TIMES 
school intramural championship in softball two years m from grllduation . sports page. DuNo above 
a row. Se c ondl y when we mentioned budget cuts, it 

On the coed side of the coin, the COCKTAILS come back from summer look s like the sports sec-
subdu ed the powerful PANSIES 8-3 . The match was not break the new GYM will tion of the paper, which we 
o nl y intramural but intrafamily as close friends played be fi~ished and ready for all know is the only thing 
on opposing teams. occupation by assorted holding the paper 

One team emerged from the playoffs not with a gym rats volleyball and together, is in dire need of 
victory, but certainly with a lot of class. The team we basketball players. Thank fin a n cia I sup port. 
speak of. YUBA CITY, lost to the ORCS in a thrilling, god that there will be no Otherwise the stalwart 
semifinal game 3-2. They lost on a called strike that ~as m 0 r e con fro n tat ion s young men who labor so 
extremely close, yet took it in stride - no screamm~, betwe n th se two groups hard to provide the world 
no tantrums, no beer poured on the umpire's hea . . next year. No more fights with th best sports from 
Such sportmanship is rare on t~is cam~us and rare~ stili a bou t who gets h ow the top sports school in ~he 
in this country. Such conduct IS what Intramurals IS all much of the floor with how world Will end up walking 
aboul. To the YUBA CITY veterans (who has as lar~e a many people and how the str ets begging and 
part as anyone in making intra murals a success) suc as much the other group has ' UCS D will have lost some 
Pat Stacy Dave Phillips, Jon Lelevier, Paul latchford, had the use of the floor thi s of the top talent in the 
Paul Anderson, and especially Jon Presson, the TRITON sports field . 
TIMES salutes you for your sportsmanship. quarter. Hop e this article 
~ ...................................... ~~~~ .......................................... ~ I serves to confuse you even 

USE La JO'1 a more and cloud up the 
Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

• • • issue suffi cien tly enough to 
let you see things perfectly Shores clearly. 

".,..,'} "" !IC""" Itt . ' .It 0'*M1 "'110 
.,1'1 f.OIl • • "! " ~""llt ~ .. t< OIt' I G' II'} 

t.1 ~It' ... ,(. .. "I"''' "n Iitl , .. lIlt .. , t) I 

PhI"· ~'" I ~ I" 
I'hn,," 111 " I II 
fJ1 .n"" . "J '610 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, June 8, 1973 

Effecllve now. until close of business June 30. 
1973 your UniverSity & State Employees Credit 

Union ~III offer a new low finanCing charge of 8 .3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks, 

and used vehicles up to four years old . We believe 
th iS new low rate combined With our loan pro· 

t ctlon Insurance, provided Without extra charge, 
IS the lowest auto finanCing package offered In 

the San Diego area . Down payments are as low as 
J 5% of the total purchas price, including tax 

i1nd license. with terms to 36 months . Take 
advantage of thiS n w low finanCing rat e before 

It nds June 30. 1973. 

OJJ~~ CD. ; 
UNIVERSITY. STATE EMPLOYEES 

CREOIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

Market 
22aC) ,,\,.,lIida d.,ln Pl nya 

PhOI1I': 1aC}-:II"a 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meats, 

Wine & 
Beer 

E""I~ 1h'~~.T~y 
IAVARE MEAlII" 
100 & I 02~/Engl.nclo121By K", Russell 
A paSSION Ie. InvenllY! him .bout • sculptor 
HOUII OF THE WOlF 
8 4S1Swedtn-69IO"ecled by Ingmar Bergman 
An 1m" ~n IIlghl from Demons 

Saturday Mldnig~1 
The Noclurne! Clntme 
..... "flIII,, __ 
Wednnd.y EveMlO 
WIHIfIT_ 
TIlE COMFEIIIOII 
1 & g 3OIF,e_70/Con,lI.nbn CooIo·Qo" .. 
"TIl< IIOry 01. boilMr'. ull"""" bel'.., .. by 
hi' belief • tuiuowing !.1m oI lnteUtctull 
ond _0001 engulo/l " - New YorI< 'IIIIeI 

==~y TIlE IlllfAT IETATaII 

Summer in the City continued from p.4 
~ndy Baron portrays Lenny with warmth, empilthy, and love. Partly it is bec.JIuse 

the role of Lenny is a dream come true for many i1ctor-comediilns. Partly it is because 
Baron was it friend of Lenny Bruce, ilnd therefore hilS much closer ties with his 
charilCter thiln most actors ever hope to ilChieye. When I was backstage trying to gain 
itn interview with Baron, Lenny's mother went into his dressing room to visit with 
him. Close ties. 

Lenny ~o life again for a few fleeting moments on the stag of a theater, to introduce 
him to a younger generation who never knew the man, but who e liyes have been 
inescapably touched by what he said and did. That's why I'm proud to play "Lenny." 
It's my chance personally to say, 'Thanks, Lenny; we remember.' It's my opportunity 
to say to a social system which ultimately did him in, 'Lenny lives. Don't get too 
comfortable." 

This is how Silndy Baron spoke of Lenny Bruce: "I'm an actor, a comedian, and, I 
hope, iI socia l utirist. That last category is a speciill breed, it rare tribe, and most 
certainly Lenny Bruce WilS the tribal ch ief tan. I've often heard my friend Dick 
Gregory-himself a most respected member of the tribe-observe, "This country has 
only produced two true socia l satirists, and they were Mark TWilin and Lenny Bruce." 

There are many good reasons to go see "Lenny," To be shocked, or liberated, or 
amused, or to see a good play. Just to see the scene where lenny is given the fantasy 
trial he has always hoped the American judicial system would off r him is worht the 
pric., of a ticket. Or to see Baron bring Lenny back 10 the stage and speak his words. 

" Lenny lives when a chuckle grows 10 a roar of laughter and the walls of repression 
come tumbling down and people are free to be themselyes. There will never be 
another lenny Bruce. But to.be Lenny Bruce on stage for a couple of hours-that's an 
aclor's dream and a chall nge that drains every ounce of humility from hie ego." 

"It was that ume Mark Twain who silid thitt the function of humor is 'to afflict the 
comfortable and comfort the afflicted.' It's one thing to carryon the tradition of 
social satire on the nightclub or concert stilge. But it's iI rare opportunity to bring 

Enroll Your Own 
Cont. from page 1 

personal way. Other students lind special studies 
frustrating without proper guidance - they are unable 
to transcend the 'totalitarian classroom' , hence the 
importance of 'having your shit together' when you 
undertake special studies. 

Process ilnd Policy For Enrolling 
In Spedill Studies Courses 

To begin with, a student must ask a fa culty member 
to direct his special st udy (see TOPICS below) . At least 
two weeks prior to the start of the quarter, the student 
and faculty member should (don't 'give up if'you're 
late) jointly complete an " Application fo r UCSD Special 
Studies Courses an instfuctor should accept in a single 
quarter. 

It is recommended by the Academic Senate that "the 
subject matter of a 199 course should be directly 
related to the field of competence of the instructor", 
although a 199 is an independent study, not a tutorial. 
There areno tutorial courses at UeSD. Even so, the 
Academic Senate recommends that a significant 
teaching relationship be established in a 199 course. 
This seems a little incongruent and has been inter-
preted to mean a variety of things. One professor 
spends 6 hours per quarter per 199 (1 hour at the 
beginning to help outline the study, 1 in the middle of 
the quarter for discussion and additional guidance, 3 
hours reading the final paper or project, and 1 hour at 
the end of or discussion of the project and evaluation) . 
Other professors meet with students as much as once 
or twice a week . And others don't meet at all. 

In a recent survey, many professors testified to the 
value of student-initiated top ics, but due to their own 
workloads and the high student-faculty ratio, find little 
time to supervise independent stud ies. Also, individual 
"instruction" doesn't count when the state auditors 
figure how much "work" a professor is doing, a great 
concern of many professo rs. But let us be reminded 
that a 199 is an INDEPENDENT study, and by definition, 
involves a maximum of independent work on the part 
of students. 

The Center 
The function of the Students' Educational Change 

and Development Center, in a nutshell , is to help 
students at UCSD initiate more control over their 
education. The people al the Center were responsible 
for Course and Professor Evaluations (CAPE) , "The 
Student's Guide to the University Bureaucracy," the 
Learning Fair, the Wilderness Course, and more. The 
Center also serves as a resourcce for linking up 
student s (people) with information about education 
and UCSD. 

Be ~ ides creating hook-ups with professors {see 
TOPIC blow>. th Center is planning a mechanism 
for hooking up student interests in Special Studies. ' 
" 190 Board" is planned where students can post their 
ideas for a cou rs and get others involved , hopefull y 
f acu tly too. 

Topics 
In March 1973, a survey was conducted by the 

Siud nt s' Edu ca tional Change and Development 
Center thai asked professors what topics they might be 
interested in supportirlg for Special Studies Coursed . A 
summary of that survey app ars below. For complete 
inforalion, listed by professor, come to the Center and 
hav a look at th file . 

TOPICS 
Chem; try 

Protein Chemistry; Blood Clotting; Ph ysical 
Biochem; Physical chemistry of DNA; O. eh m syn-
theSiS; Affinity chromatography; Immobilization of 
Enzymes; Environment; Protein structur ; X-ray 
Chrystallography; Organid photochemistry; Protein 
folding mechanisms; Electron transport; Evolution of 
the Solar System; Cosmo hemistry; Enzymology; 
Medical Clinical Chemistry. 
B;o/ogy 

Cellular innumology; Metabolism of Iron; Iron 
d fi c ien cy; Cancer Chemotherapy; Enzymology; 
Biophysi s; Memallian ce ll genetics; Ethology; 
Neu rophysiology. 
Ap;s 

Computer sci nc; Applications of B67oo; Elec-
tromagn ti theory; Atmospheric wave propogation; 
Ast~onomy; Radio Astronomy; Metal physi 5; 
Anthropology 

Cultural and Psy hologicaal Anthro.; Physical 
Anthro; Ra e, Culture and intellegence; Personality 
and Culture; African Ethnography. 
Ame 

En rgy source; Pollut ion Control ; Cardiovascu lar 
Phy iology; Applied Math ; Mechanni s of wat r 
wav ; Biome nanics . 

Econom;cs 
Law and Economics; Govt. reguletion of Broad-

casting and Insurance Industries ; Povefty and Income 
Distribution; Human Resources. 
H;slory 

African Studies; Bl ack American History; Spanish 
Civi I War; Med ieval Spain ; French Revolution; 
Historical Novel. 
Lingu;stics 

language Learning Theory; Syntax. 
Ut e rature 

Greek New Testament; Latin and Greek Lit; 18th 
Century English lit; Baroque Poetry; Modern Spanish 
Poetry; 17th Century Picaresque Novel. 
Marh 

Philosophy, Psychology and History of Math ; 
Teaching Math ; Complex Analysis; Differential 
Geometry; Numerical Analysis. 
Mus;c 

Music Multimedia; Musical Pitch Perception; P 
HllOSOPHY, Theory and Technology of Music Com-
mu nicationsO 
Phy;cs 

Astronom y; Electronics ; Balloon and Satellite 
Instruments; Vision; Experimental Physics; Space 
Physics; Solid -state Physics; Applications to Bio logy; 
Cosmic Rays. 
Psychology 

Cognitive Development (perception, learning, 
memory); Behavior Genetics. 
V;sual Arts 

Photography- Psychology 
Med;cal School 

Se file at Students' Ed Change Center 
Scr;pp 

see file at Students' Ed Change Center 

Abzug ... 
Continued from page 1 

Ab7ug expects ratification of the Equal Rights· 
Amendment within one year. A portion of the money 
to defea t thi s bill is coming, it has been suggested, from 
large corporations which save millions of dollars by 
underpaying women . Another obstacle is the lack of 
support for the bill among man y women, which is 
expla ined by the condi tioning which occurs to women 
in the U.S. 

The women's movement is, in Abzug's view, helping 
to "com pl Ie the America n Revo lution "; greater pa r-
ticipation of women in American in itUlions will , she 
thinks, crea te a " greater capa city to fight for 
democra cy". 

Women in the co lleges, Abzug said, should be 
co ncerned with participation in the governing bodies 
of colleges; women should fight also for proper job 
distribution. There is a general necessit y, Abzug feels, 
for women to become involved in the political struc-
tur of this country. 

In general terms it is desirable, Abzug believes, to 
create a " mor compassionate" soci ty . he said that 
"w have a country that can get somewhere", that can 
achieve a great deal if it utilizes its technolog ical 
resources properly. There should , she fee ls, be more 
concern with child care, care for the elderly, and the 
right of women and minoriti s. 

Abzug said that this c:ountry belongs to the people in 
it; wh n the country fails to respond fo the peopl they 
ha ve got to get angry that "they're taking this thing 
away from us". It is necessary, in her view, to fight to 
insur th responsivenes of the governm nt to th 
people who compos this country. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

l 

PA YS DONORS ~ 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

at. 9:3085 :30 
Clo dun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

Commencement 
Cont. from page 1 

made a Fellow of the College during the ceremon y. 
A brunch will follow the graduation in the Th ird 

College cafeteria . 
Revelle College will graduate its seventh class at 1 

p.m., on the Revelle Plaza. Degrees will be given to 415 
undergraduate candidates. The festivities for Revelle 
students will begin at 10 a.m. with a brunch for 
graduat s, parents, and friends in the Revelle cafeteria . 

Speakers at the Revelle commencement will include 
Dr. E. Margaret Burbidge, Professor of Astronomy at 
UCSD and currently of the Ro yal Greenwich Obser-
vatory, Sussex, England, Chancellor McElroy and a 
student selected by the Class of 1973. The Sigurd 
Burckhardt Prize for Literature and the Harold Urey 
Chmistry Pr ize will be given . The Urey Prize, honoring 
Dr. Harold Ure y, Nobel Laureate and University 
Professor Emeritus, os being awarded for the first time. 

Alan Brude Chambliss, a chemistry major killed 
several weeks ago in a auto accident, will be graduated 
with honors posthumously. 

Mu ir College will also hold its commencement 
exe rcises at 1 p.m. on the Muir College Greens area 
near th e Muir dormitories . Some 490 undergraduates 
will receive degrees. A brunch for graduates and their 
guests in the Muir Commons at 10:30 a.m. will mark the 
beginning of the fes tivi tie s. Bagpipers, a tradition 
during graduation at Muir Co llege, will lead the guests 
to the brun ch and w ill also provide pre -
commencement music. 

Speakers will include Dr. John Stewart, Provost of 
Muir College, Chancellor McElroy, and the recipient of 
the Outstanding Teacher Award as selected by the 
Mu ir Class of 1973. 

Graduate Studies will conclude the series of com-
mencements at 3:30 p.m., on the Revelle Plaza. Three 
hundred fort y-six graduate candidates will receive 
degrees includeing a Master of Arts, Master of Science, 
Maste r of Fine Arts, Candidate in Philoso phy, and 
Doctor of Philosophy. 

As is tradition , the ceremon y will include Chancellor 
McElroy, Dr. Joseph Maye r, Professor of Chem istry 
Emeritus, and Dr. Bernard T. Matthias, Professor of 
Phy ics, who will present a tribute to Dr. Mayer and 

obel Laureate Macia Goeppert Mayer, a Profes or of 
Ph sics, at UCSD who passed awa y last year. 

During the ceremony the Physics-Chemistry Build ing 
on the Revelle Campus will be d dicated as Macia 
Goeppert and Joseph Mayer Hall in honor of Ihe 
Mayers and their service to UCSD and education. 

A reception for the graduates and thei r guests will 
follow on th e Revelle Plaza . 

FOR SALE 
18 ft. WILLS KITE 
HANG-GLIDING LESSONS INCl. 

459-6732 
or 

755-8623 

IDtffittautlu' 5 
..., 

Il'stnurant - Il'ltratrsfll'n 
~.aql'r Stull' an~ ltalian 

69RO La Jail. Rhd .. I..a Jail. 459-2433 
Open 7 dJ".I " cc ~ . M on -SJI. I I- II. un.9.JO-IO 

RECORDS Erc. 
SAI.E 100's OF 8 TRK ' 

1.99,2.99, 3.95 
918 SILVERADO 459-5155 

Page 9 Friday, June 8, 1973 Triton Time 
• 

• " ,It I ' J 1 • 



. ) [)emocracy And 
liberty With Honor? 

CHII." trOll PII' 7 
discriminate bombings. He even 
brough t his complainet to the 
U.N. He cried out so loud that the 
US government lon Nol. If you 
have any doubt about who was 
behind the overthrow of 
Sihanouk, just remember that only 
3 days before the coup d'etat a big 
US cargo ship full of ammunitions 
was hijacked by 2 sailors, and the 
ship was su bsequently in the 
hands of lon Nol. These 2 sailors 
have never been punished. In fact 
they were living very comfortably 

• at the very best hotel in phon 
Penh. 

Your second justi fi ca tion for the 
US agressive war in Indochina is 
that Vietnam war was a real part of 
the " Commun ist Campaign" 
against the us. Therefore the US 
has to go there to get Vietnam 
first . 

(1) As I mentioned in my earlier 
letter (TT May 22), the US involve-
ment in Vietnam began during the 
independence war aga inst the 
French colonialism, before "North 
Vietnam" was born . Therefore the 
US involvement in Vietnam has 
noth ing to do with the "Com-
munist Campaign. " 

(2) How can Vietnam, 12,00 
miles away, threaten US security 
while you can live comfortably 
with Communist Cuba next to 
your door? 
(3) If world communism is 
aggressive towards the US then the 
US should bomb Russia and China. 
Why is Nixon busy bombing Viet-

- nam, laos, Cambodia but at the 
sa me time shaking hands with 
Brezhnev and Mao Tse-Tung? 

(4) In 1940-45 when Ho Chi 
Minh fough t the Japanese, the US 
government gave him assistance. 
But in 1945-54, when the same 
Communist Ho Chi Minh fought 
Fr nch colonialism for the in-

dependence of Vietnam, the US 
government gave aid to the 
Fren ch army against h im, and 
finally the US bombed the same 
Ho Chi Minh. Why? 

Your third justification is very 
interesting, too : " Whenever 
anyone anyone; anywhere , is 
deprived of liberty the US has not 
only the right , but the un-
questioned obligation to attempt 
to change the situation ... by war." 

(1) Who gives you that right? 
(2) Why don't you use that right 

and unquestioned obligation to 
have war with Russia and China to 
save the Ru ssian and the Chinese 
from " being deprived of liberty"? 
Why is the democracy and l iberty 
of 20 million Vietnamese so impor-
tant. but those of 230 m illion 
Russians and 750 million Chinese 
neglected? 

(3) After more than a decade of 
your fight ing for freedom and 
democracy in Vietnam, what do 
we have in Vietnam now? More 
than a million Vietnamese have 
died to have the abolishment of 
the traditional village elections, 
the controlled press, the martial 
law, thousands of tiger cages, the 
one-man elections ... 

(4) And Vietnam is not unique. If 
you look at the US allies around 
Vietnam you will see more of the 
" liberty and democracy" that you 
said you have th e ri ght and obliga-
tion to provide for the "u nfor-
tunate " people: Martial law in 
the Philippines; one-man-rule in 
Cambodia; dictatorship in Taiwan ; 
life-long President in Korea; Mar-
tial law in Thailand; dictatorship 
in Greece; Haiti , Spain .... 

Now do yo u call thi s 
"democra cy and liberty "? or 
" demo racy and liberty with 
honor" ? 

Le Cong Phung 
Graduate Student, Physics 

The Mad Armenian Says Thanks 
Editor: 

" To my friends who watched me 
splatter my feelings occasionally 
on the pages of this newspaper, it's 
about t im e to knock off the 
bullshit. I went through some 
heavy things after my lady left my 
life, but things are mellow now. 
For a w~il e, I thought I might be 

gay and found I had enough 
cou,age to challenge the feeling . 

" I'm straight and always wa , yet 
I su re weathered a lot of shit to 
find out. A fine person stuck by 
me during my crisis and to him I 
say thanks." 

the mad armenian 

The Editorial Director Bids Farewell 
ThiS issue marks the end of my tenure as 

Ed i torial Director of the TRITON TIMES. 
Throughout the year articles and letters sub-
mitted for the "opinion" section of this 
newspaper have reflected a myriad of views and 
emotions. It has been my role, as editor of these' 
pages, to refrain from criticizing or commenting 
on articles submitted. Now I'd like to take this 
opportunity to make a few general comments on 
some of the current events. 

Remember, as you prepare your final papers 
and study for examinations, that our government 
is engaged in an aerial war over Cambodia at an 
unprecedented level, far greater than our par-
ticipation in the invasion of Cambodia in the 
spring of 1971; an involvement that brought this 
campus to a grinding halt in protest. 

Also keep in mind that both the State and 
Federal governments are continuing to enforce 
their anti-intellectual and anti-higher education 
policies, and that the resu lts of these actions will 
seriously effect you in the next ten to twenty 
years. 

And realize, with the continuing unraveling of 
the Watergate Conspiracy, that there are those in 
hi gh positions of authority that feel the laws of 
th is country do not apply to them, and that 
pol itics is certainly not the best way to bring 
social justice to all Americans. . 

I am deeply concerned with the state of mental 
health of th is country. This can best be un-
derstood through an excerpt from Sigmund 
Freud's Civilization And Its Discontents : 

'The liberty of the individual is no gift of 
civilization, though then, it is true, it had for the 
most part no value, since the individual was 
scarcely in a position to defend it. The develop-
ment of civilization imposes restrictions on it. and 
justice demands that no one shall escape those 
restrictions. What makes itse lf felt in a human 
community as a desire for freedom may be their 
re.volt against some existing injustice. and so may 

prove favorable to a further development of 
civilization; It may remain compatible with 
civilization . But it may also spring from the 
remains of their original personality, which is stili 
untamed by civilization and may thus become the 
basis in them of hostility to civilization. The urge 
for freedom, therefore. is directed against par-
ticular forms and demands of civilization or 
against civ ilization altogether. It does not seem 
as though any influence could induce a man to 
change his nature Into a termite's. No doubt he 
will always defend his claim to Individual liberty 
against the will of the group. A good part of the 
struggles of mank ind center round the single 
task of find ing an expedient accomodatlon - one, 
that is, that will bring happiness - between this 
claim of the Individual and the cultural claims of 
the group ; and one of the problems that touches 
the fate of humanity is whether such an ac-
comodation can be reached by means of some 
particular form of civilization or whether this 
conflict is irreconcilable." 

And f inally. consider this poem . written by 
Barry ShapirO, and ask yourself these questions: 

Who a re you to think th at you can change the 
world? 

Who? 
Who are you? 

Who are you to think? 
Who are you to think that? 

Who are you to think that you can? 
Who are you to think that you can change? 

Who are you to think that you can Change the 
World! 

Mark Siegel 
Editorial Director. 

1, S Freud, " Civilization And Its Discontenls", W W. Norron & Company. 
Inc., New York, 1961 . 
2. 8. Shapiro, " PsychoSources" CRM, Inc .• ed. Ban tam Books New York 
1973 • • 

Think of Our Rights As Individuals 
Editor: 

This letter is written in reply 
to the latest letter written by 

estor Paz in the TRITON 
TIMES, 5/ 29/73. 

In analyzing th lett r, Mr. 
Paz is repeating himself rega r-
ding indiscriminate labeling 
of those who di sagree with his 
views. He labels his adver-
saires " reactionary", and th en 
returns to the cliche of "the 
midd le-class bourgeosi e m Ii-
taality." 

M y God, Mr. Paz, I am a 
reasonable man. Bu t my 
patience is definitely wearing 
thin I If you are to act in a 
reasonable manner, logic and 

reas on must su persede 
epi thets. 

When minorities commit 
acts of vio lence, they are not 
using freedoms of the majori-
ty, they are breaking the laws 
made to protect everyone. No 
one no matter what his views, 
sh ould be allowed to impress 
them upon tohers without 
their prior consent, and this is 
exac tly what Mr . Paz is 
attempting to do. Ricardo 
Chavez-Ortiz' act of hijacking 
a plane is never justifiable, 
because he is placing 96 lives 
other than his own in serious 
jeopardy. 

When Mr. Paz claims that I 
have no co mm itme nt to 

r WAtJT £t){)1 ~==: 
,0 f<~OW • 
66<!0tJ/7 THe 
<;M90W OF ~-­
A RXJ8T-

an yon e other than myself, 
he's wrong . I give a d amn 
about his rights, my rights, 
everyon e's rights. 

Suppress ion and "neo-
colonization " (whatever that 
clich means) are serious 
charges to be made without 
substantiation, and 
categorization as a " bleeding-
heart white liberal" is rather 
funny, because, if it 's true, my 
hea rt shou ld be bleeding for 
your cause, and it's notl 

Stop and think of you and 
me as individuals, Mr. Paz, 
because that is where our 
rights lie, as individuals. 

Steve Marriott 

FU~ !--V ____ _ A/JD~ 
It-l0\RTIAU· y-

,\)0 HA 
WHO IS 

I fJVO~VtD. 
IH~ACHHt~r 
WITH 

I-b~OR. 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, June 8,1973 

by Cathy Cella 
It 's 2 a.m. in the study 

lounge. Esther has two 
finals tomorrow morning 
- both at 8 a.m. Her hands 
are shaking, she can't stay 
awake - does she reach 
for the coffee? The No-
Doz? No, Esther takes out 
her little jar of fructose 
tablets, pops two, and in 
five minutes she's ready to 
pull an all-nighter. 

Fructose tablets are the 
direct extension of 
research stimed several 
years ago at St. Olaf by Dr. 
J. Daniel Palm, a professor 
of Biology. 

"Fructose is a pure food, 
not a drug," said Palm. "It 
does not cure anything, it 
helps to regulate the blood 
sugar level." Fructose is a 
well known sugar that 
works better, in this regula-

. tion for some people, than 
the normal blood sugar, 
glucose. It 's available in 
tablet or syrup form. One 
teaspoon (or two tablets) is 
16 calories and will take 
effect in about five minutes 
and will last for about 45 
minutes. 

The discovery of the 
effects of fructose was a 
spin -off from Palm 's 
original research which in-
volved checking for 
biochemical deficiencies in 
sc hizophrenics . No 
deficiency was found , but 
it was observed that acute 
schizophrenics responded 
to stress situations more 
intensely than did other 
people. It appeared that 
thei r system for regulating 
st ress was deficient - they 
continually exhibited inap-
propriate responses to 
stress. 

THE NEXT STEP FOR Dr. 
Palm was to study stress. 
When the body is in a state 

• of stress, emotional or 
phYSical, adrenalin is 
released . Hypoglycemia 
(low-blood sugar) is a stress 
condition that occurs, "i n 
most persons to a greater 
of lesser extent several 
times a day ." Adrenalin is 
then released which in-
creases the level of blood 
sugar (glucose). Insulin 
works in opposition to 
adrenalin, to stor _ the 
blood sugar. These two 
processes should normally 
produce a stability of the 
sugar level. 

But Dr. Palm found that 
with hypoglycemia , the 
glucose level is not 
regulated. Th is condition is 
appa rent in 
schizophrenics, alcoholics, 
the obese, hyperkinetic 
children and people who 
suffer from migraine 
headaches. The behaviors 
and symptoms exhibited by 
these people, Dr. Palm 
feels, are the resu It of thei r 
inability to regulate 
glucose levels . He is ap-
proaching these disorders 
from a different perspec-
t ive. He feels that "they are 
not diseases in themselves, 
but the symptoms" which 
result from inappropriate 
responses to the stress of 
hypoglycemia. 

Th is is where the idea of 
fructose comes in. The 
sugar glucose, the normal 
blood sugar, is changed by 
the body to sorbitol which 
releases the insulin that 
stores the sugar in an inac-
tive form. Fructose is usual-
ly only found in combina-
tion with glucose, but fruc-

tose is not stored by insulin 
and provides enough 
cellular fuel w i thout 
releasing the amount of 
adrenalin that glucose 
does. 

Dr. Palm believes that 
hypoglycemic persons 
lea rn different respon ses to 
this stress, such as eating or 
drinking excessively to 
provide cellular fuel or by 
releaSing so much 
adrenalin that they d isrupt 
their stress response 
systems and develop 
severe mental disorders, or 
migraine headaches if the 
st ress is removed. By ad-
ding fructose to their diets, 
the stress of hypoglycemia 
is eliminated and conse-
quently the need for the 
abnormal responses is also 
eliminated. 

Dr. Palm has his owrrdiet 
plan involving fructose . 
Fructose can inhibit 
hunger since it provides 
cellular fuel. Taking two 
fructose tablets can pre-

• vent hunger pains, ner-
vousness and irritability for 
about 45 minutes. Fructose 
ca nnot be stored by the 
body so it is necessary to 
take the tablets every hour 
for hunger control. It is 
necessary to eat other 
foods along with th e fruc-
tose or one could starve to 
death. Too much fructose, 
however can lead to fat. 
Fructose doesn 't 
automatically change a 
person's eating habits but 
allows him to change the 
habits. 

Dr . Palm does not 
pre sci be fructose or 
diagnose people's ills, he 
merely presents his logic 
and lets people test fruc-
tose themselves. Fructose 
has been successfu l in 
relieving the symptoms of 
acute schizophrenics, was 
used in a clinical program 
to cure alcoholics, has 
helped people to lose 
weight and has alleviated 
migraine headaches. .. As 

proof of the many who've 
tried fructose and been 
satisfied with the results, 
the production of fructose 
can just barely keep up 
with the demand. In fact 
Dr .. Palm now imports 
some from Finland . 
Although the heaviest con-
centration of users is here 
in Northfield, people all 
across the country and 
even some Olympic teams 
use it. It 's now being con-
sidered for an instant 
breakfast. 

Dr . Palm has "virtual 
control of all the fructose 
produced in the United 
States," so he can insu re 
that people who want it, 
are able to get it. However, 
he is selling his rights to 
fructose and will use the 
money, along with funds 
from a research grant he 
hopes to receive, to do 
further research on stress. 
He doesn't want to be in-
volved in the profit 
making, but would rather 
stay on the research end, "I 
want to be the guru of 
fructose, the high priest." 

If the money is available, 
SI. Olaf will be the location 
of some major research . 
"Using this new perspec-
tive along with the already 
known facts about stress, 
glucose regulation and the 
problem of symptom vs. 
disease," Dr. Palm hopes to 
develop a system to 
measure stress, both 
emotional and 
physiological. Th is 
methodology would be 
provided to clinicians, who 
could then collect the 
clinical data needed to 
support his research . 

As Dr. Palm says, " The 
logic is perfctly sound and 
simple, any bio-chemistry 
student could understand 
it. Now we have to see if it 's 
good enough." 

.. -----------------------------announcements----------------~ 
friday 

Celebrate the end of the year 
with the Rec . Dept. at a 
beach party th is afternoon at 
4 p.m. FREE food . Then 
dance to Summit in the gym 
from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. It's all 
free so come, eat, dance, 
and enjoy. (6/8) 
The Department of Literature 
presents three colloqu ia on 
Problems in the ·Sociology of 
Literature (something to think 
about during the long 
summer months) Friday, 
June 8 at 3 p.m. Revelle 
Formal Lounge Aaro n 
Cicourel (chairman, Dept. of 
Sociology , UCSD) 
"Problems of Visual Com-
munication". These meetings 
will be very Informal: there 
will be coffee, tea , and 
cookies, and much foed for 
thoughtl (6/8) 
Friday, June 8, 8:30 p.m. 
409 Me, 20th Century Music 
UCSD faculty & advanced 
students. (6/8) 
GERMAN DINNER 7:00 
P.M. Friday, June 8th, Inter-
national Center, Matthews 
Campus "BRATWURST MIT 
BIER", Everyone welcome. 
Please make your reser -
vations early by calling Ext. 
194t LIMIT IS 75 SEATS 

$2 PER PERSON . 
BRING YOUR 

LEDERHOSEN!!I !! 

SUBJECT A EXAM : The 
Proficiency exam for Subject 
A will be given June 8 
anytime from 1 to 9 p.m. in 
the H-L, Rm. 1449. It con-
sists of writing one 500-750-
word essay related to a piece 
of reading that will be 
handed out at the exam. 
Students can br ing a hand-
book and a dictionary, and 
they should allow themselves 
three hours for reading . 
wr iting , and re-writlng . 
AnybodV who still has "Subj. 
A Reqd" on his transcript 
should come and take it. 

.. turday 
The Triton Wargam ing 
Society announces the June 
Joust featuring WW I in 
Europe from 1916-1919. 
This Saturday June 9. from 
12 noon on at 506 MC. 
Come and stay 10 minutes or 
all day. Other games will also 
be pla.,.ed. (6/8) 
Satu rday, June 9, 9 p.m. 409 
MC, MODERN JAZZ 
CONCERT. Diane Galas and 
special guests: Bobby Brad-
ford of John Carterl Bobby 
Bradford Quintet & Joe 
Morillo of STREAM. (6/5) 

general 
Coast Cruiser will be making 
only the 7 a.m., 5 p.m., 6 
p.m. and 10 p.m. runs 
DURING FtNALS WEEK. All 
runs except 5 p.m. run will go 
to Leucadia. (6/8). 
UCSD Art Gallery. Southern 
California Indian Rock Art 
exh ibition through June 15. 
Hours daily 12-5 and 8-1 0 
p.m. Wednesday even ings. 
Gallery is located in 1260 
Humanities Library Building, 
Revelle. (6/8) 
Take NAT. SCI. 2A or 2B this 
summer. Nat. ScI. 2ASP and 
2BSP are being offered this 
summer at UCSD Extension 
courses. This is the sell-
paced, sell-study version of 
Nat. Sc I. 2A and 2B, wh ich 
lets you work at your own 
pace with Individual help 
from a tutor when you need 
it. Progress through the 
course is by passing 14 unit 
quizzes, which may be taken 
whenever you are ready and 
as often as necessary to 
pass. The course runs from 
Monday, June 25, to Friday. 
August t8. The tutor runs 
classes M, T. Th. 8:00-10:00 
a.m. for 2ASP. to:00-12:00 
a.m. for 2BSP in USB 2410. 
The course fee is about $60. 
Register as soon as possibfe 
at the extension office, 103 
MG. Enrollment Is limited to a 
tolal of 20 students. (6/8) 

The Communicat ions 
program at UCSD is hiring 
Teaching Assistants for the 
coming academic year. Any 
graduate student with a par-
ticular interest in com-
munications as a social 
process Inclueding interac-
tional and lor media oriented 
dimensions should contact 
the Communications office at 
411 MC, X2405, by next 
Tuesday, June 12. Graduate 
students with strong 
academic backgrounds and 
interest in teach ing are 
preferred, especially those 
from the soc ial sciences and 
the arts. (618) 

Summer program for UCSD-
affiliated children. July 3-27. 
Ages 2-12. Meet at Mesa 
Nursery School. UCSD Mesa 
apts. Call for info: 453-61 64. 
453-5347, 453-3048, 453-
6786 . (6/8) 

The Center for Legal and 
Social Services regretfully 
announces that we will cease 
to provide oUr legal services 
program to the studnts al 
UCSD after June 17, 1973. 
The cessation of the program 
is necessary in the absence 
of renewed funding for the 
academiC year 73-74. We 
wish to call attention to the 
fact that, after June 17, 1973, 
the gold Center cards will be 
Invalid. Any inquiries regar-
ding legal services may be 
directed to the Office of Stu -
dent Affa irs, ext. 2711. (6/8) 

"SOCCER' " 
Coed soccer practice .and 
game every Mon. and Fri. at 
12: 15 on the soccer field 
west of the gym. If you are 
interested in summer 
recreational soccer please 
sen~ your name and address 
to Mike Elcan, Physics Dept. 
An Intramural league may be 
formed for the summer. (6/8) 

SUMMER INSURANCE IS 
NOW AVAILABLE. Now is 
Ihe time to buy sickness and 
accident Insurance for the 

summ er quarter . Your 
automatic Student Health In-
surance ends on June 17, 
1973. You can have con-
tinuous coverage until the 
fall , however, by buying 
summer i nsurance . 
Coverage is worldwide, 
whether you are on or off 
campus. Applications are 
available at the Student 
Health Center and the 
premium is only $19.00 for 
the entire summer quarter. 
(6/5) 

The U.C.S.D. chapter of 
Alpha Ptl i Omega is no 
longer in operation. Persons 
who have a book exchange 
account with Alpha Ph i 
Omega are urged to contact 
M. Pates at P.O. Box 4497. 
La Jolla. Calif. 92037 to 
arrange settlement. (6/5) 

ADVANCE PAYMENTS TO 
VETERANS : All student 
veterans and federa l 
veteran's dependents who 
plan to continue their educa-
tion at UCSD for the 1973-74 
school year, should contact 
Linda Perlin in the Special 
Serv i ces Office , 250 
Matthews Campus, as soon 
as poss ible so that ap-
propriate enrollment cer-
tifications can be submitted 
to the Veterans Administra-
tion . If this IS done In a timely 
fash ion, the studenl will be 
enabled to rece ive 
educalional as sis tance 
bene fils before the start of 
the Fall Quarter 1973. (6/8) 

Graduating students or 
students not planning to 
relurn to UCSD for the fall 
1973 Quarter beginning 
September 17, t973, and 
who have oulstanding 
NDEA : INDSL, Educational 
Fee Deferment. Health 
Professions. Regent!" or 
other type loans, should con-
tact the Loan Collection Of-

fice, 204 MC, regarding an 
exit interview. Deferment of 
payments and part ia l 
cancellation of loans may be 
available to you. Find out b y 

calling Jane Fitzgerald or Flo 
Rogers, extension 2616, for 
your eXit interview appoint-
ment. 

ATTENTION all TT Staffers 
General spring cleaning will be 
held all day Friday. It is your 
responsibility to take home all 
your personal belongings. On 
Friday of next week everything will 
be removed. (6/8) 

Th is is the last issue of the school year. 
Thanks for reading us. We will resume 
publication on Tuesday, September 25, 
1973. Have a good summer. 

r:-----------SUBSCRIPTIONS I TRITON TIMES LOWEfl BLAKE HALL 
I UCSD LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
I YES, I WOULD LIKE It SUBSCRIPTION TO 
I 

THE TRITON TIMES FOR: 

o FAll 0 WINTER 
QUARTER QUARTER I IS2.50) IS2.501 

I NAME 
o SPRING 0 ENTIRE 

QUARTER YEAR 
. IS2.501 73 -74 

IS7.00) 
I 
I I ADDRESS I 

CITY , . I STATE,ZIP . . . . .. . . 1 
I SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDER PAYABlE I ' TO TRITON TIMES. WE ARE NOT 
• RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST MONEY • 

---------... 

• \. 

Page 11 Friday, June 8, 1973 Triton Times 

. ." 



.. 
Responllble gr d Sludenl wanlS 
house-.,ll,ng por liOn lor summer 
Wayne XIOll (S/~) 

C8n'll8ke your blk~ home? I will slore 
II I can "de Illhls s. mmer Joe H 487-
2842 (6/8) 

Wlii hOose-sll your home, any lenglh 01 
lime. e.perlenced , 264-0377 Jim 
(618 ) 

Summer )Obsl MUSI be able 10 work all 
summer $700/mo Call Tal 453-8013 
between 5 and 7 (6/8) 
Pregnanl and troubled? Consider 
Allernatlves 10 Abortion LeI us help 
you Call 583-LlFE. 24 hour hOI line 
(6/8) 
Molorcycle repair and lune-up Cheap 
and guaranleed Summer Can pick 
up 279-6617 (6/8 ) 

Cuslom carpenlry. plumbing elc -
No Job 100 odd for us - reasonable 
755-2985 (6/8 ) 

PAINT WORK - compleles-Cars, 50· 
75 Trucks, Vans, 80 up - Body work 
and Spol work also 454-449\ (6/8) 

SUMMER STORAGE - Retrlg , Bikes, 
Fum Anylh,ng. Insured, Very reas 
Pick-up and Delivery 454-449 1 (6/8) 

EXPERIENCED SAILING InSlruClor 
Weekends, all summer 291 -6313, ask 
for Darla (6/8) 

If you ale Inlerested In learntng Modern 
or Anclenl Greek from a nallve speaker 
neXl Fall, Nick Papadopoulos, 453-
6102 453-6102 (6/8) 

BMWSMB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So HIli 
Oceanside 722-8114 
We selV1Ce all makes 
of foreogn ca~_ (EF) 

wanted 
WANTED - Table, chairS, 2 510015 
DenniS X2376 (5 /8) 

Sleeping bag In good condillon, preer 
DOWN bUI Will conSider olher 453-
5787 (6/8) 
Ride needed to Easl Coast After 15 
June, have to be Ihere by 29 June Will 
share drlvtng and e.penses Call Peler 
& a 755-7263 (5/8) 
Used ten speed bicycle rea~onably 
good Condition. for $50 or less Cal l 
Jim al ext 2045 or 81 755-8939 (6/8) 

Wanled to Buy Two used MIChelin 
165-3BO, t65/15 rad.all,res (lor VOlVO 
t22S) Dan Xt351 , 755-4787 (6/8) 
WANTED Small used car, good cond 
and gas mileage $400-$575 Call 
Elien at 453-8158 (5/8) 

Wanled 10 buy Used lither or 
Autoharp Call Susan al 755-894B or 
message al MUSIC Dept (6/8) 

Will buy UniverSity Chemlslry by 
Mahan "CHEAP" Joe H 487-2842 
(6/8) 

Need t -4 aluminum canoes for a 3 day 
fiver tflP In 2 wee Ren or? Call 
Teddl 274 4534 (6/8) 

Wanted malure & Ioberaled women for 
farewell grad party Cali 4536030 EXI 
1 t9 ·Hans 270-1 493 (6/8) 
Wanted Three-head stereo lape deck 
Good cond Will pay $1001? Lydia 
453-4339 (6/8 ) 

Wanted MARTIN stell SIring gutlar (0-
18. 28, elc.) Will pay cash Joe 753 -
5218 (6/8) 

Ride needed durtng summer to-from 
campus from 0 B Help pay gaslcar 
pool Shenna 222-3624 (6/8) 

SPARE C'iANGE AVAILABLE I I I I I 
Make an occasional $1 88/hour dUring 
Ihe .ummer being a subjeCt In psy-
etiological experiments Some In· 
ler.$Ilng. all painless Easy dough I 11 
mteresled leave Name and phone 
number at room 4322, BUilding 2C 
(6/8 ) 

POKER PLAYERS needed for psych 
expenmenls IhlS summer 51 88 par 
hour Apply 4315 Bldg 2C (6/8) 

Sub,ectS needed for Psychology e.-
perlernent over the summer vacation 
Up 10 25 hours, $1 88/hr Call X2047 
or drop by room 4327 from 10-2 M-F 
(, ' -( 

Ride needed 10 Saclo or Bay Area 
after Ihe 161h Will help With gas & 
dr'v'ng Ehlabelh 4534812 (6/8 ) 

Need a rode 10 Sallia Cruz after S/15 
Call Barbara 453+622 (618) 
Ride needed 10 'ancollver or erea 
after June 21 She e drovong. expen~e 
Shelley 272- 1754 (6181 

Wanled Man or woman elCper In 
a' ematlve forms 0 education to COOr-
dinate Explor.n\ Family School 
recreational sum, -er pfa-... . :;- 1 .... 
begins ImtT.".. Ca L 8 or Joyce 81 
233-1840 ( 18) 

persl')nals 
Does anyone kn< W where Ih Muor 
OUling Club's al ,m unl canoe II? 

Teddl-274 - 4 ~3 4 , E."emely 
URGENT' (6/8) 

BUlZARD ReproducI'on IS lhe IN 
th,ngleat lots or cerrots and be 
prepared"'/thumpar (6/8) 

aN" ananl summer)clndne SInd I ... 
sesloryoufolllrel~rn/ol'lIbeOK ­

Iyourl,n ros-buda ... ays (6/8) 

Happy B,rthds, MAD from !he CUi. of 
250 (6/8) 

Ela",. 0 - I'v admired you all 
Quarler In Psyche 10 Call you after 
hnals You're OK (8/8 ) 

Ohhh Sonfa" Babe, my love will lurn 
you on'! T B Thrasher alias MR ADH 
(6/8 ) 

The COCA Cola party II coming (5/8) 

LOST A strawberry Blonde With culls 
too long I love her and wanl her beck 
Call Chuck In OB (6/8) 

11 you've been wonderong whal the 
slogan Ihat appears In the TRITON 
TI MES stall box means, 11'5 an old 
Yiddish saying "If my grandmother 
had wheels, she'd be a wagon", which 
refiecis the stalf's general anltude 
aboul be ,ng pari 01 such a 
prestlglousnewspapar (?) lei galundt

' 
-molshe Siegel, ed dlr (618) 
Than's averyone for he sho .. er Sun -

- day Love. Debbie (5/8) 
Want to talk wllh the 2 UCSD girls 
seiling lor Soulh western, B.ble D,v 
Glenn 4539242 (5/8) 

ATAK, supylalp ruoy, you love I~ 
kcorelgae raed (6/8 ) 

To ailihose who came and enJOyed al 
the Solana Beach Party, June 2, greal 
people, great party - Gona do tI 
again . Thanx (6/8) 

'Shanna, Irs nice to know we bOlh 
know there IS a world beyond Itte's 
busy slreet Thank you for being my 
friend John " (6/8) 

Ann Grad Srs Naed Money? $100 
rwd for hanging B A inS lead ot 
shaltlng hands at grad. 755-0693. 
(5/8) 

My Dearesl BEAR, Than. for Ihe 
Calculus lessons & "good times" MAC 
(6/8 ) 

To Foolsy In Phlf 108, M,ss Med. a 
MUll Caft , the Shadow rrom Chem 
Good Bye I'lf mISS you I grad James 
M (5/8) 

o ALAN G In AMES It you aren'l 
carelul, some sweet young Ihlng IS 
gOing 10 molest your beau"'ul bodyl 
WOWI A SECRET ADMIRER (6/8) 

Happy B,nhday Tedd,
' 

W,II Ihey lei 
you out of your cage now that you've 
aged some??? (0/8) 

TO F-Troop Nostalgia sets In 'ell miSS 
you mUCh. Love you always Deb, 
Wendy Elisa, Sonja (6/8) 

LOST F-Troop Commander Ittound, 
please persuade hIm to return to hiS 
Bombers In laJI (6/8) 

U 0 T LOT E , a happy prOEperous 
summer Keep up the good work

' 
Luv, 

the pres (618 ) 
JOHN Your message came through, 
FRIENDS' Nancy (6/8) 

'Bye Jim Good luck at DaVIS and for a 
long time aMer Tom, Chari,., Marltand 
Rod (6/8) 

Sorry thIS IS late "Buzz", bUI HAPPY 
DAVE GSCHWENO DAY"! - (you 
\Weelt) (6/8) 
It'S cos.oo me $122 47 When you 
come please IrY 10 help Love Ho sle 
(6/81 

M.J R I hope I have given you a< 
much as you have given mel Love. 
TAB (6/8) 

Dear LIUte, have a good summer and 
a good time dUring the summer (how 
can you help havtng a gcvd time It you 
gel any anenllon at ali i) Your lOVIng Ian 
(6/8) 

DKR Besl ot luck to you and Dave 
Hope Ihlngs work out Come see us 
some~me Your MUSIC lC buddy, 
CEB (6 /8 ) 

Wloeeler, we know what you .re but we 
stili love you desp,le ,t Friends (6/8) 

lost end found 
Reward (or books, notes, elc taken 
from 2nd floor 2A Tues, 2/29 272-
6568 Paul (6/8 ) 
Found WriSI watch on MUll campus, 
Idenllty and where IOSI and It'O yours, 
2S4-0377, Jim (6/8) 

ROXANE HAYS - I round your 
"Berkeley Rebellion" book Contact 
Jim at 755-7986 (6/8 ) 

Lost Grey wool Ie~er fackel w. grey 
leather sleeves Reward Peter, 272-
4608 (6/8) 

REMEMBER Lost and Found anldes 
are held al Ihe Campu Poloce Sl8tlon 
on 50 1 Manhews Campus across from 
the old fire house Pie se check with 
them lor your IOSI articles al X 1333 
(6/8) 
Found Gary Gregory I gOI your 
glasses Call M'ke at 488-5878 (6/8) 
LOST Knap sack wllh boolt. Panerns 
01 Anarchy by KVlmevman Ple"e 
leave at North Slar office Thanks, 
Mike. (6/8) 

Brown suede coat lost In room 20-
1330, 274-2373 II you lound ~ 
REWARD (6/8) 

LOST Smal l red nOlebook 
somewhere be\Ween MUir, Central Lib 
Reward 459-6850 (SIB) 
LOST Silver and turQUOISe bracelet 
5/30173 If tound call 453-5539. a k 
for Kay (6/8) 
Lost: Silver pockel sIZe Gralg Cassette 
recorder, Wed . 4116 USB 3020-
Reward S3B Arge 453-2295 (6/8) 
LOST TennIS rackel In back seat 01 
light-colored Volvo while hIICh-hlk,ng 
100M last Wed Dave (leave 
message) 755-6151 (6/8) 
Lost Gold wore rom 1010 gray glasses 
VIcinity BSB last F"day $1000 
reward Call X2574 (6/8) 

travel 
10lh ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE from $249 round-trIp 
JAPAN Irom $359 round-tr ip, LA 
NY 6/17 one-way, $96 
Call: Flight Chairman, 583-1297, 4246 
Overland Ave , Dept A, Culver City 
90230 (6/8) 

housing 
wanled Female rmte tor summer 
and? Siudio-La Jolla Shores - $85 
mo Inc I ulllilies 459-2790 (6/8) 

Wanted a place 10 live Ih,s summer! 
Cafl Steve Wheeler, 453-6902 (618) 

Wanted Female to share home 1 blk 
from campus tor Sepi to June Call 
Barbie 453-8340 (6/ 8) 

Room lor rent In Cardiff $781mo Own 
ba hrm Ocean view We do Yoga 
2043 Edlnb, .rg (6/8) 

Roommate needed ror summer 
University Clly, $75 .00/mo. Slng!e 
room m or f 453-8998 (6/8) 

Looking for a 2-bdrm Mesa apt. for Ihe 
summer Grad student - call Lelk 
453-3973 (6/8) 

Wanted' 1 or 2 bledroom apartmenl or 
house to sublet lor monlh ot August, 
1973 Please COnlact Susan or LOUIS 
MonlTose, 453-2371 or .2803. (6/8) 

Fem. 10 share 2 bledrm LJ house 
wlown rm , Irplce., view ot ocean $75 
plus ultl, LILA 459-2867, (6/ 18) 

2 F grads seek 2 rmmtes tor Ig room In 
3BR 2 BA. Cfalremont hOUse, 711-9/1 . 
Dog OK S65/mo 585-0996 (S/8) 

Need 2 or 3 roommales Del Mar, Pool , 
40 yd 10 beaCh, great place. 453-
9399 (6 /1 8) 

La Jolla Shores 2 bedroom epanment 
With pallO, $350 lurnlShed or unlur-
nlshed Call AI or Kathy 454-S770 
(618) 
A housemated need to share an apl 
(1'" belhs) wllh \Wo Chinese grad 
studenl Own room. Clatremont, $65 
Available 6118. 272-7804 evenings. 
(6/8) 

Rmmle wanted for tall Qtr remal , 
vegelarlan, Dead -freak Lydia 453-
4339 (5/8) 

Room for renVfurnlshed walking dls-
lance to campus. $75/mo., call 453-
3775 (51 ) 

Need a room lor June? Master Bdrm 
o Sofana Beach house, 1 blk to 
beach $50 755-6853 (6/8) 

Wanled A room In a house, Wllh some 
livable people. Judy 755-8697 (6/8 ) 

Male, 16, needs accamodaMns for 
summer Can afford $70/mo. Call after 
5 p.m at 224 -5426. (6/8) 

2 females need summer housing 
prefer near UCSD Will share room, 
call Janice 453-8345. (618) 

EMALE grad stdt. or sr. wanted 10 
share apt In Del Mar, sl8rtlng In Sept. 1 
blk Irom beach, View, own room and 
bath, Cell Laraine at 755-8623 In late 
eves (6/8) 

3 people needed to share line Del Mar 
house lor next year $SO mo, 755-2044 
evenings. (5/8) 

UCSD grad student couple want to 
share a house With several olhers 
slartlng June 14 453- 1387 or 3973 
(6/8) 

LooItlng tor a 2-bdrm Mesa apl tor the 
summer Call Chlls or Kathy 272-5271 
(6/8) 

Waled' Rmte lor 3 bedroom hse lor 
appro x 6117-8/17 578. By beach, 
2043 Edinburg , CardlH . (5/8) 

Mellow organre summer roommale 
wanled COMPLETELY furnished , 
Leucadia house, $67 .50 plus long dlst 
Bruce 436-082B (618) 

WANTED. 2 males 10 share thrce 
females for summer: 60 bucks, George 
453-3519 (6/8) 

Need fem. rmmate from June 16 Own 
room S571mo. Utll. paid Helen 273-
8367 (5/8) 

House lor rMt 9173-7174. $83 33 per 
month 3 bdrm, 2 bath In Unlv. City 
453-S 197 (6/8) 

Wanted House or apl near coast tor 2 
guys W,II rent , sublel or carel8ke Ben 
453-9247 (5/8 ) 

FOR RENT: La Jolla Shores ApI. 3 
BDRM. 2 b&It., lorge LR, balcony, 
close to UC and beach Call 272-0779. 
(618) 

Furnished house in North Park (37th 
near University) Three bledroom, one 
bath, Single car garage Ramon 469-
5692 after 7 p m. (6/8 ) 

Wanted' Rmte tor La Jolla Vlg apt tor 
summer $751mo & Utll. Fran" al 453-
8836 (6 /8) 

Girl looking for roommale and apl 
Male or lemale, call Kathy 272 4252 (8 
a m. or after 6 p.m ) ASAP (6/8) 

for lale 
Gibson J-160E jumbo acoustic -
electriC gutlar, perfect condo $219 (less 
than 1'1 price) Joe 753-5218, (618) 

For sale: New Dunlop ww tire SOO/13 
- make me an ofter I won't reluse, Liz 
453-1441 (5/8) 

for sale: '72 J-valve SCUBA lank $65 
298-3264 (6/8) 

Porsche eng,ne 1600 c ,c $500. 
AMIFM car radiO 12 v. $40. 755-3239 
(6/8) 
For sale' HP-35 calculator, 2 weeks 
c,ld , $295 or best ofter, oall Chrts, 453-
9374. (6/8) 

Surtboard for sale. 5' 4" x 20" 
Brummen Boogie Board $40 Fine 
Alrspray. Wetsuits $12 & down Call 
755-5210. (61) 
112 MANX kittens, 6 weeks old , 
trainad Free to good home Call 
Deena X2319 or 296-6004 (6/8) 

'72 F,at 850 Spider Good cond 
Michelin tires Recently luned $1800, 
235-6854. (6/8) 

For Sale Refrigerator, $25, approx 10 
cubiC ft . excellenl shape 755-2382 
(6/8) 

SONY 250 stereo reel to reel tape 
deck Immaculale cond LISt $150. sell 
590 or best. 453- 1068. (8/8) 

Gibson Electric GUitar, Modef ES-335-
TOC, seml·hollow body, Grover luning 
pegs, $300. Richard 755-3498. (618) 

For Sale: Whne leather studio type 
couch, very good condition $40 Call 
Eillabelh 453-1 441 . (6/8) 

For Sale' SchWinn Calallna girls' bike 
Old but r8lthru !. $12 Call Amy 453-
8667 (6/8) 

Sleeping bag - Coleman New, 3 lOS 
Ins duck cover, lIannelllnlng 33"x77", 

.$15 Call 453-7210 (6/8) 

One I8gele and four matching chairs 
for sale, Ofter whalever you can. 
X2185 or 272-45t3, Joyce, (5/8) 

'67 Chev, Camero 2 dr. 6 cy!. 3 spd . 
RIH call Larry evenings 272- 1520 
(S/8) 

'66 V.W. Transaxle TransmiSSion, E.-
cellent Condition, Call TIm: 453- 1742 
or 273-9984. (S/8) 

High Performance Sound 
Bring Ihe concert home to you wilh this high performance 

slereo system, We've carefully matched this system, wilh four 
great names combined to bring you the best musical perfor-
mance possible at this price. Come In and hear this quality 
slereo system and bring your most demanding records 10 play, 

These compoIH::nt;; purchased 
Seperately Cost , , , , $722.85 

.. 5615 

The Harman-Kardon 630 is a twin-powered AM-FM stereo 
receiver. Twin-power means a separate power supply ' 8nd 
power transformer for each channel. This design fealure 
!lnables Harman-Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
watts, RMS, per channel , bOlh channels operaling into 8 ohms 
wilh less than ,5% distortion, INTERAUDIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music wllh dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigotous lestlng by the SYNCOM computer, the 
besl speaker quality control syslem known loday. The Dual 
1215-S automalic turn(able Is engineered with precision 10 give 
longer ilfe to your records. The Shure M44-E magnetic c8rtrldge 
with diamond slylus adds the finishing louch, The combined 
resull is sensalional sound, 

harman /kardon 
III i¥j#'u, '9 Our Special System Price (Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) 

breier sound center 
3789 Park Blvd. - 296-0173 

Open Daily 9-5:30, Mon. & Fri. 9-9 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, Jun 8, 1973 

NOI't-PROFIT ORC. 
u.s. Postase 

PAID 
La Jolla, Calif. 
Permit No. 128 

Waterbed Frame, liner, heater, perfect 
cond Call 289-7695 (8/8) 

For Sale '66 Muslang, excellenl 
mechanical cond but smashed rear 
end $300, Joan 755-3464 (6/8) 

Suzuki Savage, 250 cc, streel or dirt, 
extras, great deal, $450 Call 298-
7695 (618) 

'57 VW Camper, 40 hp engine, $395 
459-731 4 (6/8 ) 

Damn tine 10 cu, M. rfrlgerator, Musl 
Sell All oHers conSidered. 453-9242, 
Beagle 250. (618) 
Royal ($1 8) Smith Corona ($25) Kodak 
Relina 35 mm S 11 , (Garman) 35 mm 
and 135 mm lenses, all for $160, or 
blesl ofter. Tel 453-7746, 8-9 a.mh-
2301 (6/8 ) 

Large Relrlgeralor in good cond , MuSI 
go Immediately! 520 or best offer, see 
ClaylGal 205. (618) 

'56 Chevy 314 Ion panel Iruck: good 
engine, and good tires, call Robert 
755-4209 or 459-5707 (5/8 ) 

Man's 3-5peed Bike lor sale Good 
cond_ Call 453-8847 aves (6/8) 

Bike for sale: Schwinn 10 speed, good 
condtllon, call Rich at 755-9590, 545 
(6/8) 

MUST SELL king-SIZe waterbled and 
Irame - $35; Queen size bo. spring 
and manress - $20 Leav message 
lor Bonnte 453-2000 X2093. (6/8) 

FENDER JAZZ BASS wlcase $130 
AMPEG amp B-15N $ t BO, Mike plus 
stand Sieve 272-2377 (6/8 ) 

Giveaway: spare parts for Honda 160. 
For sale ' 14 ' • 12' green shag carpet. 
454-2748, Carolyn or Roberto (6/8) 

Need a big ref"geralor? Old but 
reliable 20 cu 11. Frlg. 520 or 3 cases 
of beer, 453-5902. 450 Meleor, (618) 

Ford Falcon 1968 for sa)e_ Super low 
gas mileage. Dana: 453-7746 late 
night or early morning. 5525 00. (S/8) 

'64 FORD FALCON, excellent condi-
lIOn 5200 or beSl ofter Call Elaine 755-
4643 (S/8 ) 

Free Hall Siamese Kin ns They love 
dogs Call 755-7724 al er 5 p .m. (6/8 ) 

'king size manress, good condition, 
recently steriflzed Pnce negotiable, 
454 -2475 (8/8) 

Sleeping bag, Coleman, Insulated 3 
Ibs Dacron 88.33.77 $17, Folding 
camp cot. $7.50. 453-7210. (6 /8) 

TYPEWRITER: Smith Cornona Por-
lable, 525.00. 453-3124. (6/8 ) 

BIKE RACK tor car: never used, $S.50. 
453·3124. (6/8 ) 

FORD STATION 1965 Good condi· 
lion, auto., rebUilt Irans , wants $600, • 
453-9272. (6/8) 

'67 DATSUN Station Wagon E.cellent 
tranlPOfl811on. 488-6498. (6/8) 

For Sale: Alta Romeo 1300 '58 Run. 
super. Call Remon eve, alter 7 p.m. 
4S9·5692. (5/8) 

1969 Honda 160 cc Ha. extra engine 
$160, 453-245 1, eves (6/8) 

'68 VW Bug; $800 or best olfer. MUSI Ie" soon; engine good con'd, 453-
4909 aMer 7 p .m. (618 ) 

Five Fuzzy Fehnes need good homes 
- lix weeks old Call 224 - 184 7 aftar S 
p,m. (618) 

'65 Ford custom, 8 cyl ., standard 
transm, good running condition. be I 
olfer 755-7194 , (S/8 ) 

Mondla Special 10 Speed, all Campi, 
Unlv.8ipull brakes, $325 John at 453-
1217 Argo 355, (6/8 ) 

Honda C B 450, Xlnl Cond Only 
9000 miles. Perf Mech Tim, 453-
1742, 273-9984 (618) 

Sanyo retrlgerator, brand new, brown 
wood panel. elso flute: good CondlllOll, 
has case and everything needed Calf 
453-6474 anytime dUring evening 
(6/8) 

Panasonic 8-lrack wI AM-FM radIO 
pack w/casseJld pack list $250 Excel, 
cond 755-3464 , KeVin, lell lor S 100 
(5/8) 

For Sale: OUite remarkable IIW. 188 
Ford Falcon. Low gas mil age (21 per 
gallon) and It 18k .. cheap gel, $525, 
Dana, la/8 or •• rfy at 453-7746 (818) 

For Sale 7'3" surfboard, S 1/i 453-
8457 (6/8) 

Windward RadIO Controf hdar E~ ­
cetlanl lor trllnlng AaadytO fly Den 
X1361 , 755· 4781 (618) 


