
Philosophy Grad Student Feared Dead by Sheriff 
Mary Diane Jonas, a 22-year-old Philosophy 

gradua.te stU?~nt, ~as been missing from her 
home In Encinitas since April 17 and is feared 
dea~1 according to spokesmen from the 
shemf's department. 

Ms. Jonas was last positively identified 
hitchhi~i~g north from capus, presumably to 
her Encinitas home, on the afternoon of April 
17. She was believed to be clad in red suede 
pants and a light colored top. 

called, is believed to have reached Encinitas as 
it . is .thought her dog was spotted outside 
Dietrich Drugs on the vening of April 17 
between 7 and 9 p.m. 

The dog was later found locked in Ms. 
Jonas' apartment. 

Her father. described her as 5 feet, one inch 
tall, With thick brown hair and dark brown 
eyes. 

She had an appointment the following day 
to meet Sam Combs, also a UCSD student 
which she did not keep, nor did she show up 
for the classes she was scheduled to teach on 
April 18. 

Investigator Gerardus Cieremans indicated 
that circumstances surrounding the dis-
appearance have led him to believe that there 
is ~ore to the ca~e t han a missing person. 

Cleremans encourages anyone who might 
have seen Mary,Diane Jonas later than 6 p.m . 
on Tuesday, April 17, to call his office at 236-
2944. 

.A:ccording to her father, John Jonas, of St. 
Clair Shores, Michigan, Diane, as she was 

Anyone having seen Mary Diane Jonls. after 6 p.m. Tuesday April 17 is asked to contact Detective Cleremans at 236-2944. 

Volume ~, Number 10 University of California, San Diego Friday, May 4, 1973 

Revelll Collegl DUI Erlll Mort 10II1II ~Ia cabin In lIIe 1I0uRtaina to POWER - Ind his action was 
appreciated by 26 WOII ... and lIIelr cltlldrlll who apent lIIe w .. kend In the country. 

37 Women Organize for POWER 
Hannah Cohill 

Power, the Political Organization of Women for Educational Reform, was formed this 
quarter. by unmarrie.d mothers attending Third College, with the aid of Beverly Varga, 
the ASSistant Dean of Third College. 

The organization, which meets every Tuesday in the recreation room of the Mesa 
apartments, is focusing its energies on the betterment of the lives of the single mothers 
and their children . 
. Programs which Power are currently working on include getting bus transportation to 
Inexpensive shopping areas in Clairemont on weekends, the opening of a small grocery 
st<;>r.e at the Mesa apartments which will stock such essentials as milk, eggs and bread, a 
CrISIS center where mothers could leave their children temporarily in case of emergency 
or for.o.ther reasons, getting government aid to on-campus facilities for child care and 
organizing some recreational activities for the Mesa apartments inhabitants. 

Eac~ woman contributes to the support system of the group and her goals include the 
establishment of lines of communication with women in similar situations in other 
schoo ls ~nd with child care centers in the area. The group hopes also to show the 

comm~n lty what such women can offer society and what their special needs are. Their 
motto IS th.e Israeli "To educate a woman means the education of a family." 

Women In Power come from a variety of ethinic backgrounds and have a variety of 
career goals. They range in age from twenty ot the late forties. Their average GPA is 3.2 

an~ these are several women who have a GPA of 4.0 even though many were special 
action students. (which means they were admitted to the University despite the fact that 
they.were under-prepared having not taken certain high school courses.) 

'!'hlrty-seven women at Third College fall into this category of being single with 
children. All together there are one hundr d and twenty-two children of pre-school 
age and one hundred and eleven children of elementary cshool age living at the Mesa 
apartm nts. 

b 
~ccording to Beverly Varga, a singles branch which will be Cross-campus, is now 
~lng formed and will meet once a month with the current Power group. This group 

Will focus on the problems confronting the single woman including sexuality, th 
woman and the health center, self-confidence, hitchhiking,and other transportation 
problems. like the Power group they will listen to guest speakers on a variety of 
relevant topics. 

,?ver the April 27 to 29 weekend twenty-six women and their children went up to 
Julian with Beverly Varga and her secretary for a weekend of nature. Ernie Mort, the 
R velie College Dean, donated the use of his cabin and Mrs. Varga and her cretary 
tonat d the first dinner meal, the tents, and transportation. The trip wa such a succes 
t at the children made a sign saying "Ernie Mort, we love you." Thi ign wa post d 

arly Monday morning outside the Revelle Provost Office. 

MECHA Sponsors Cinco de Mayo 
Festivities, Chavez to Speak 

MECHA chapters from California State University, San Diego and UCSD will co-
sponsor Cinco de Mayo activities on the Soccer Field between Revelle and Muir 
colleges of UCSD beginning 11 a.m., Friday, May 4. 

The pro~ram, which is free and open to the public, will feature an address by Cesar 
Chavez, director of the United Farm Workers. 

The day's activities will include other leaders in the Chicano movement music and 
dancing by stude,nts, ~ariachis performi~g in full costume, dramatic productions by 
groups from MeXICO City andCSUSD, MeXican and Chicano art exhibits and a dance at 
6 p.m. in the Revelle Cafeteria. ' 

P.ARENTS OF UCSD's Third College students will prepare authentic Mexican food for 
the celebration, which marks the anniversary of the victory of the Mexican people over 
invading French troops on Cinco de Mayo. 

First event of the day will be music and dancing by La Rondalla , Chicano students 
fro~ CS~SD and the comm~nity, follow~d by Teatro Mestizo, CSUSD theater group, 
which will demonstrate MeXican and Chicano experiences. 

Mariachis will perform from 12:30 - 1 :30 p.m., while visitors and students enjoy 
Mexican food and art ernibits. 

From 1 :30 - 3:00 p.m. Chicano-movement leaders Cesar Chavez. director of the UFW 
will speak; Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzalez, director of Denver, Colorado Crusade fo; 
Justice will ~iscuss th.e Chicano and Mexican experience; Antonio Rodriguez, Chicano 
attorney, will expl~1n th~ . East Los Angeles anti-drug program; and, Raul Ruiz , 

spokes~an for a third political party, La Raza Unida, will discuss Chicano politics. 
. Spec~al guest performance by·Nueva Voz Latinamericana, theatN group from Mexico 

City, w!1I be from 3~5 p.m. The pr??uctions attempt t~ provide inSight into the political 
educatl.on of MeXican communities, schools and Villages, and depict the Mexican 
revolution. 

Final event of the day will be a dance featuring music by the Mello Browns and 
Chicano Generation from 8 p.m. to 1 a.m. 

Stone on Communist Societies 
Greg Hicks 

In the last of a series of seminars at UCSD I.F. Stone spoke on some aspects of 
modern-day Soviet and Communist Chinese societies. 

Although he did not denounce the revolutions in Russia and China which ushered in 
communist regimes, Stone criticized the present-day situations in both China and the 
U.S.S:R. 

The central criti~ism which Stone voiced was the repressive nature nature of the 
governments of the two countries. He denounced the actions of the Soviet Union 
which have, he said, crushed the hope of those (like the Czechs) who sought the 
establishment of "socialism with a human face". 

There is, Stone sa id, a general fear of id as and discussion in the Soviet Union; there is 
also a fear of the great writers in the country, who are being sent to asylum and labor 
camps. 

In the Soviet Union a dictatorship of the proletariat has, Stone said, been replaced by 
the dictatorship of one man. In his view, thi rule is hostile to the freedom of the 
members of Sovi t society. ' 

Stone stated that suspicion of the masse and fear of spontaneity "runs very, very 
deep in the Communist movement." The view which predominates in P king, 
according to Ston ,is that th masses and party members " mu t be guided". It i clo er 
to Platonism than to Marxism, Stone said, in its view that the "rr asse should be herded 
by their guardians". 

The voi e of the people, in Stone's view, is not desired or received by leaders in the 
Sovi t and Chinese governments. (One man in th audience, who stat d that he lived in 
Russia from 1931-1939, said that issues were di cus ed, re olution vot d on, and 
d mo ra y was really present in the SOlliet Union). ton pointed to th la k of a free 
press (a vehi Ie for the expres ion of th peopl 's vi 3i ;11 do U IIIV11 cillO -j ulia . In 
voice of the people is ne ded, Stone said, in order to "correct abu s in time". 

On point which Stone mad was that th examination of th Ru ian and Chine e 
r volution wa valuabl in light of the totalitarian bia of om p ople in the Unit d 
Stat s. point of view of dial ctical mat riali m, th r pr s iv 

ovi t gov rnment i contradi tory. It i an "index of 
sa id, wh n "r vi ion is a dirty word" among tho e who 

CoIItln •• Oft pa,1 10 



law ·and Women 
Professor Leo Kanowitz, of the 

Hastings College of the Law, will be on 
campus Monday, May 7, to speak to the 
LAW and SOCIETY (Interdisciplinary 25) 
Class on the subject of Women and the 
Law. (USB 2722, 4:30 p .m. 5/7/ 73) . 
Professor Kanowitz is a specialist in the 
fields of family law and women and the 
law, and is the author of a recent 
authoritative book titled Women and 

the Law, -The Unfinished Revo/u.tion 
(U niv. of New Mexico Press, 1969) . 

Professor Kanowitz will be available to 
speak to interested students and/or 
faculty on Monday before his lecture. 
Appointments may be arranged through 
Mrs. Nichols in the Humanities Office, 
1512 H./L Building, Revelle Campus, 
extension 2237. 

Wild life Safari 
The San Diego Zoo and University of California Extension, Sa~ Diego .are. combin.ing 

their special areas of expertise to present a three-week educational Wildlife Safan to 
East Africa in July. .' 

Departure from San Diego is scheduled for July. 9, with . Clyde Hili, curator of 
mammals at the Zoo, escorting the group as academiC coordinator. 

Savanna grasslands, waterways and forests will serve as classrooms on the study ~our, 
giving members of the safari a chance to view the .well knqw.n a~d.lesser known animals 
of Kenya and Tanzania in their natural surroundings. SpeCial VISitS are planned t? ten 
major game preserves and national parks, including Meru, Samburu, Serengetl, the 
Ngorongoro and Ngurdoto Craters, and to two water hole - sa lt lick lodges famous for 
night viewing of wildlife. .,., 

In Nairobi, the group will hear talks by some of. east Afnca s leading n~turallsts,. and 
researchers from the United States and the United States and the Untted Nations. 
Opportunities to observe the urban culture of modern-day Africa will be provided by 
the visits to Nairobi, Arusha, and other cities. 

Cost of a place in the educ.ational safari, inclu~ing air f~re, I?dging, f?od, .inst ructi~:>n, 
and transportation in Africa, IS $1,667.00. Four Units of University of California ExtenSion 
credit will be available. 

For information about the safari, call the UCSD Extension office at 453-2000 extension 
2092, or write : Study Tours, University Extension, P.O. Box 109, La Jolla, CA. 92037. 

Pop-Top legislation 
Assemblyman Julian Dixon (D-Los Angeles) has introduced legislation designed to get 

pop-top containers off the streets and back into the hands of beverage can manufac-
turers. 

The legislation, sponsored by the Citizens for Legislative Environmental Action Now, 
would require a five cent refund on every beer and soft drink container sold . It also 
would make it illegal to sell any metal beverage container that has a part which must be 
detached in order to open it. 

"We are waging another battle to preserve some of the natural wonders of 
California," Dixon said . flOur streams, beaches, parks and roadways suffer from the 
visual blight of discarded cans and bottles. 

"Every day, people in this State buy more than 10 million no-return beer and soft 
drink containers. A look at almost any roadside or park shows that many of these 
containers are not finding their way to garbage receptacles but instead are tossed aside 
to letter our streams and highways." 

Dixon explained the legislation was pallerned after a similar bill implemented in 
Oregon where predictions of sales drops and unemployment in beverage container and 
related industries were proven unfounded. 

"An Illinois Institute for Environmental quality study shows that a switch back to 
returnable bottles would mean an increase of 6,500 jobs in that state," the freshman 
Assemblyman said. " But as of 1970, California had 141 soft drink plants to Illinois' 112. So 
not only would there be more jobs, we wouldn't have the littering problem that 
presently exists." 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, May 4, 1973 
" . 

This Week in Sacramento 
A BILL TO AMEND THE HIGHER 

EDUCATION ACT of 1965 to establish a 
student intership program to ofer 
students practical political involvement 
with elected officials on the local and 
state levels of government", has been 
introduced in ghe U.S. Senate by Sen. 
Hubert H. Humphrey (D-Minn.) 

The bill provides $9 million dollars in 
the next three years for the fedral 
government to finance up to half the 
costs of the interships. Sen. John V. 
Tunney of California is co-author. 

DECLARING THAT "We are faced 
with a situation where patients are 
unsure of the quality of care they 
receive, doctors are insecure in their 
practicw, and the cost of medical 
malpractice insurance is skyrocketing." 
Assemblyman Speaker Bob Moretti has 
created a Select Committee to in-
vestigate the problems of medical 
malgractice. 

" octors are paying from $3,000 to 
$7,000 annually for malpractice in-
surance. This means the individual 
patient is paying an average of $1 .50 with 
every viSit to the doctor just for in-
surance," Moretti said. 

The Assembly Select Committee on 
Medical Malpractice will be chaired by 
Assemblyman Henry A. Waxman (D-Los 
Angeles) . "There are two separate goals 
to be accomplished by the present 
malpractice system, neither of which is 
accomplished particularly well," Wax-
man said. 

"As a means of improving the quality 
of medical care, it is capricious, ex-
travagant and works only after the fact. 
As a means of compensating patients for 
bad medical . results, the medical 
malpractice system is inefficient and 
intimidating. " 

THE ASSEMBLY COMMITTEE on Ur-
ban Development and Housing held 
hearings in Fresno to determine the 
impact of the federal housing 
moratorium. " It has taken many com-
munities quite some time to really assess 
the effect of the freeze of federal 
housing funds," said Assemblyman Peter 
R. Chacon (D-San Diego). 

"Very often when we speak of a 
housing crisis in America, we think of 
our city slums. But the conditions of 
certain rural housing is even worse than 
some of what we see in the cities," 
Chacon said. . 

The hearings also focused on the role 
the State should play in the housing field 
if the federal activity in the housing area 
is permanently halted. 

A BILL TO LEGALIZE POSSESSION and 
use of marijuana for personal use in 
private was introduced in the State 
Assembly by Assemblyman Henry A. 
Waxman (D-Los Angeles). The Waxman 
bill would make it lawful to use and be 
under the influence of marijuana in a 
private dwelling or other residence. It 
would also be lawful to possess mari-
juana in public if the purpose of the 
possession would be for use in private. 

Jewish Student Weekend 
Of all ethnic minorities the Jews have played one of the most outspoken roles on the 

American scene during ~he past century. Awareness a~d identity ha~e b.een major 
factors in revitalizing a culture which has been developing and changing ItS face for 
over 4,000 years. Interest and man-power on the part of the Jewish student has largely 
and typically focused on social needs and inadequacies in the American system, as 
illustrated by the unproportionately, large participation of Jews in activist movem~nts. 

The situation of Jewish activism in San Diego, and particularly UCSD, has been dismal 
to say the least." "Jewish activity and participation has been deterioratin~ over the past 
couple years on this campus." Now in a new effort to count~r the worse~,"~ apathy, the 
Jewish Student Association has merged with Ichud Habonlm - Labor ZIOniSt Youth, to 
present a whole slate of Jewish activities and events. for the upcoming year. on UCSD. 
Working full time between t~e cam~usses of San DI~go State and U.C~D Will be Ga~y 
Halprin, a 25 year old Israeli Klbbutznlk, and a leader In the Youth s~clalls~ movement In 
Isreal. Projected activities for next year will include seminars, diSCUSSions, debates, 
mountain retreats, social and cultural activities, involvement with youth leadership and 
community work. 

Habonim - JSA's first event will be a weekend mountain retreat in Habonim's Camp 
Gilboa in the Idyllwi ld forest, during the weekend of May 16, 19.' and 20th 1973. T~e 
weekend's theme will be "Apathy may be fatal" The weekend will feature art, musIC, 
fold dancing, workshops, Kosher Food, movies, sports, recreation, and a unique 
opportunity to exchange ideas and meet new people. '. 

Total cost of the weekend including meals and transportation is only $5 (as a speCial 
consideration to students financial limitations) . Bring sleeping bag, $5 (if check make 
payable to : Habonim). Meet no later than 4 p .m. Friday the 16 in the Urey Hall parking 
lot. The Return es at approximately 4 p.m. on Sunday the 20th . 

For more information ca ll Joanne Levin - 272-5939. 

Christian "Rock of Ages" 
Last summer over 5,000 excited people 

traveled to Ohio to share "in the JOY, of 
knowing the perfect Word of God. ' 

The Rock of Ages was a gathering of 
Christians, who celebrated a "festival of 
Life." Bud Morgan producer of ABC 
Sports, Inc., captured this inspiritional 
weekend on film and edited the event 
into a fifty-one minute documentary, 
interweaving the everyday activities 
seen at the International Headquarters 
of the Way, the Biblical Research Center 
that sponsors the annual music festival. 

In a synopsis of what he termed "his 
best efforts in editing ever," Morgan 
explainde the ~urpose of the Ro~k ?f 
Ages film : "lts aim IS to re -re-establlsh In 
the minds and hearts of modern man the 
integrity of God's Word . The Way 
Ministry believes that once it is accurate-
ly understood, the Word can be applied 
to all phases of an individual's life. That 
through a thorough comprehension of 
what the Bible says, man clarifies for 

,himself certain keys and principles that 
allow him to apply spiritual matters to 
practical, everyday situations . Their 
ministry is non-denominational. Its cen-
tral thesis is that by rightly dividing The 
Word of God, one can claim spiritually, 
physically, professionally - in short, in all 
life's aspects - a more abundant life . 

On Tuesday nighl, May 6, the student 
body of UCSD is invited to experi nce 
the 1972 " Rock of Ages" fi lm, to be 
followed by a live concert by " Pressed 
Down, Shaken Togeth r, and Running 
Over," a rock group originally from New 
York, and currently on tour with the film 
that featur s some of the best cuts off 
th ir ~ew album. Admission to the film 
pres ntation and live concert will be 
$1 .50, payable at the Revelle Cafeteria 
wh n the doors open at 6 p.m. Tuesday 
night. 

Science of Soul Travel 
Next Saturday, May 12, from 2 to 9 there will be a free public seminar on ECKANKAR: 

"The Ancient Science of Soul TraveL" ECKANKAR, or ECK, is not a yoga , religion, 
philosorhy, metaphysical or an occult science. It doe~ rt)t use drugs, hypnosis or other 
art ificia means of consciousness expansion . 

ECKANKAR teaches that the heavenly worlds are comprised of several planes of 
existence, each denoting a certain amount of spiritual growth and level of con-
sciousness. Throughout history, mankind has been told that the normal evolutionary 
procedure is ascension into these planes following death. 

Soul travel is said to be the art of shifting one's attention away from the material 
worlds into the worlds of true beingness beyond energy, matter, space, and time. 
Through the spiritual exercises of ECK and the inner guidance of the living ECK Master, 
one proves through his own experiences, existence -beyond the physical body and 
begins his hourney back through the astral, causal, mental and etheric planes to the 
Soul plane, the source from whence he came. 

This is said to break his cycle of karma and re incarnation and finall y lead him into total 
realization, the state of total freedom and wisdom. 

The seminar is open to the public, and will take place at UCSD's Revelle campus 
Humanities-Library Building Auditorium. The seminar will include a film, workshops, 
music, art, a question and answer forum, lectures, etc. The dinner break will be from 
5:30 to 7:30 with the keynote speaker talking at 7:30. Refreshments will be served at 9. 

Oldest Sediments Found 

Samples of the oldest oceanic sediments yet found in the Indian Ocean - ap-
proximately 135 to 140 million years old - have been recovered during the most recent 
expedition of the Deep Sea Drilling Project from a drill site offshore from Australia . 

The voyage of exploration, which began when drilling vessel Glomar Challenger-
sa il ed from Fremantle, Western Australia, on November 1, 1972, and ended when she 
returned to the same port on December 9 , was the sixth expedition of the drilling vessel 
in the Indian Ocean. 

This cruise was part of a planned effort to work out the complex history of the 
separation and migration of the southern continents and the effect of this history on 
world-wide climates, oceanic circulation, oceanic resources, and environmental 
history., The voyage marked the 27th expedition of the Deep Sea Drill ing Project 
(DSDP), managed by Scripps Institution of Oceanography, under contract to the 
National Science Foundation. The Project is part of the Foundation 's National Ocean 
Sediment Coring Program. 

Present DSDP work is carrying DIY Glomar Challenger into Antarctic waters for the 
first of three planned southern summer operations. 

Scientists from five nations - Australia, Italy, Russia, Switzerland, and the United States 
- participated on Leg 27. Directing the scientific work were Drs. James Heirtzler, of 
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Massac.husetts, and Jphn 

8 p.m. 

The Chicago Symphony String Quartet will perform in the Revelle Cafeteria on Sunday, 
May 16th at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are free but must be picked up in advance at the Urey Ha11 
Box office. 

Veevers, of Macquarie University, North Ryde, New South Wales, Australia . 
On Leg 27, four sites were drilled in the eastern Indian Ocean near the Australian 

continental margin, and one in the axis of the Timor Trough, south of the Island of 
Timor. 

Results suggest that eastern Gondwanaland broke up by sea-floor spreading in a 
general east-west direction that persisted for the entire Cretaceous Period (65 to 135 
million years ago). Cretacious, especially Lower Cretaceous, sediments appear to be 
very wide-spread in the eastern basins of the Indian Ocean. 

Gondwanaland is the name geologists give to the supposed supercontinent that 
began to break up about 150 to 200 million years ago to form the present southern 
continets (Australis, Africa, South America, India, and the islands of Madagascar and 
New Zealand) . 

The information from Leg 27, along with the results from prior DSDP cruises (Legs 22 
and 26) will permit the drawing of isochrons - contours of age - of the ocean floor in the 
area west of Australia. 

Dr. Melvin N. A. Peterson of Scripps Institution is Principal Investigator and Project 
Manager of DSDP, and JOIDES adVisory panels continue to provide scientific guidance 
advice for the Project. 

JOIDES members are Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, 
Massachusetts; the University of Washington, Seattle; The Rosenstiel School for Marine 
and AtmospheriC Science, Miami, Florida; Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty 
Geological Observatory; and Scripps Institution . 

Global Marine Inc., of Los Angeles, owns and operates DIY Glomar Challenger 
under a subcontract with Scripps Institution to do actual drilling and coring operations. 

Samples of sediments taken are available to all qualified SCientists. Scientific 
information on each DSDP leg is published in the "Initial Reports df the Deep Sea 
Drilling Project." These reports are available for purchase through the Superintendent 
of Documents, Govtlrnment Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. 

-.. ~ 

-.. ~ 

.... III"'"" ::. . ....•.• 
'ta' "Illl~ 

If you're serious 
aboDtbackpackJog-

Stag b!Jgs with 
Dacron-Flberflll Dare 

Dearly as WamI" but cost 
a lot less than down 

We aren't pulling down down. We make a great line of 
down-Ililed bags and trail clothing. But now we have a 
new hne of Stag Irall bags stuffed wilh DuPont Dacron~ 
F,berfill II. Different weights and lengths in mummy. 
tapered companion and rectangula r bags. A ll with 
nylon covers and I,nlngs and a water· 
proof stull bag . These bags can 
get soaked. yet they'll dry quickly 
when wrung oul and hung open. 
Down is great. but It won't recover 
like this. Most Im- portanl, our Stag 
bags offer the warmlh of down 
at only a bit more weight. Our popu· 
lor mummy bag. II lied wilh 3 Ibs. 
of Fiberf ill II. weighs only 411:0 
Ibs. and ii's rated for cold weather. 
Wh at you need to know about Dacron Fiberfill II : 
o Compacts easily into a small stuff bag 0 Recovers 
qu ickly from compression and is easy to re I luff 
o Keeps its fluff and Insulating value even when wet 
o Is machine washable and dryable 0 Long lasling. 
non-allergen ic, odor less and consislent in quality 
o Cosls a lot less than down. 
When price Is important. consider a Stag 
trail bag. Compare them and our trail tents 
and backpacks at your sporting goods 
dealer. He might be having a sale right nowl 

.... r, ~~~::::';'-K~I~-:-y=out~;-- A 
,:;-; booklet of trail tips Ind cata log to: H'I'1ch· :.~ 
a.+ _ , Well/While Slag, Dept C~P . 5203 S E John· ~.:= .on Cre.k Blyd • Portland . O'igon ,72Oe .... 

i:;~ STAG , ~ %~~; 
Trail Gear i Add, .. :!.., ____ _ 

, Clly 5'"'. __ Z) p 
~ ... I •• -ColI.",,~ ___________ - • 

~." .. . : .... ~. fI,." .. .~ ...... . '~"1/" 
.,l" 

'.: •.. -•.. -
__ " ___ f 

... vii I.) 
Page 3 Friday, May 4, 1973 Triton Times 



$ and Sense 
Derek Dewees 

You can b uy soft pretzels in Phila~el~hia . They are big doughy-sha~ed blob~ with a 
single seam somewhere down their middle. Old men stand on the intersections of 
the center city sidewalk grid - Eighth and Pine, Ninth and Walnut, Tenth and Locust, 
all around Mayor Rizzo's city hall- skirted in palm-marked towels, and reach upon 
customer 's demand . For ten centsJou can take one, wrapped as they are in those 
bumpy-textured paper napkins, an watch the brown mustard you pour on it merge 
with the faintly toasted colour of its crust. 

You can' t buy soft pretzels in Southern California. You've just got to go to 
Philadelphia, or maybe the Philadelphia parts of New York, if you wan~ one. ~,:re, 
you have to make do with what you can buy in. the superm~rkets : stlggy: trlnny-
shaped things burnt nearly black and covered with salt. They re wrapped In green 
and orange or red and blue cellophane bags labelled "Bell" or "Granny Goose" or 
"Frito-Lay". And there aren't any pretzel men to buy them from either; the clerks in 
the supermarkets don't specialize. 

There's as much difference in pretzels as there is in the top-shelf art movies going 
around. Bergman's red cellophane lens in Whispers and Cries writes "passion" 
across the screen as the director .cuts his film into movements with ruby-soaked 
punetuation. But Andy WARHOL IS MORE CLEAN+CUT: Joe Dellasandro's prick in 
Flesh is caught straight on by the ennui-ed, too bothersome to move camera, that has 
someone off screen decorating it with a bit of white ribbon , in a masterful~y text~red 
image. Bertollucci's camera races around the square as Athos Magnani studies a 
statue in Spider's Stratagem, it jiggles through the snow, in some camera man's hot 
hand, as Dominque Sanda falls to her prey in The Conformist, and gets hauled up 
and down an elevator shaft as Paul and Maria fight it out in last Tango in Paris. 
Others are more sophisticated. Straub captures the tension of empty city streets at 
night as his camera credibly follows the path of an unseen cruiser: the walls that no 
signpainter can leave untouched, the perce of Volkswagen headlights breaking the 
darkness, and the whole range of greys from white to black caused by all the lights of 
darkness . Fassbinder's oafish burghers have to duck to get their heads into the 
frame; when they do the line up against white walls and perform their cocktail party 
rituals untiringly. Warhol's cameraman smokes such big cigars that a little of the 
smoke can't help drifting across the lens in the midst of filming. His cast talks 
endlessly, never bothering about whether or not the people they are addressing are 
even in the frame. 

Why are the Warhol-Fassbinder-Straub moviemakers more sophisticated than the 
resr? For the same reason that the soft pretzel is better than the supermarket pretzel 
_ with the soft pretzel, simple in design yet full of the basic things one wants from a 
pretzel, you get so much ~ore of the desirable qualities than y?~ ~o wit~ the more 
intricately designed and brightly coloured market ones: The cntlc!sm written abc;>ut 
moviemakers like Bertollucci , Resnais, and Bergman IS full of literary terms like 
" plot", " character", " cl imax", theatre terms like "scene" , " setting", " lighting", and 
psycholog ical terms like "duo-personality", " id", and " role change". ~here seel!'s t.o 
be a grea t diff iculty in ap proaching them as film, e ither because of their lack of filmiC 
quali ties o r because of their c rit ics unfamil ia rity with film. 

But Fassbinder, Warhol, and St raub force the critic into a film ic point of view, 
Time, rather than plot, is the concern of these fil mma kers. Empire, an often talked 
about but seldom watched Warhol fi lm, consists of a single camera position from 
which visible signs of time passage are recorded . Lonesome Cowboys, wh ile it 
approaches traditional film most directly throug h its familia r narra tive form, can 
hardly be consider d to have either plot or characters; its frate rn ity or queer 
cowboys roam about until they fall into some kind of action. Warhol has been 
working on this probl em of "character" since he began the Factory - usual su bjects 
were great personalities - Jackie, Brando, Marylin Monroe - and he painted them 
with colours matted slightly askew so as to challenge any attempt to connect them 
with role. In his films he's tried to create the "superstar" and the "ikon" in order to 
provide a filmic solu tion to the problem of people acting as writers describe other 
people acting. These su persta rs act in thei r own perverted, joking way and play their 
own, unmistakable selves. 

Fassbinder's troupe of actors perform before the camera in a very ritualistic way to 
make their acting unmistakeable; th yare not "real" people caught by the cam ra, 
they are people acting non-empathetically to force the viewer into thinking certain 
thoughts about what he is watching. Similarly, they've tried to destroy the theatrical 
aims of more traditional directors. The Hitchcock process shot, Cecile B. DeMille 
reconstru ctions of Bio/e lands, Visconti 's elaborate castles for his King Ludwig; all 
aim at creating the illusion of realty, as did the original sets, from an extremely 
natura listic period, in nineteenth century European plays. Reality provides the way 

OUNBfIIliN~ 

for empathy, empathy means self-indulgent absorption in the film, and absorption 
causes, for their Brechtian social commentary would mostly pass by, ineffective. 

Warhol films in the kinds of places that his audiences have probably never seen -
the trash-filled New York walkup of Holly Woodlawn, Sarah Miles' sprawling Beverly 
Hills estate, the iron railed dormitory bed of a male hooker. Fassbinder's camera 
records in an extremely real way - even though his audience, expecting reproduc-
tions of their lives to be glamorized, are bored by it. Consider the ending of his film 
Why Does Herr R. Run Amok - a man sits in front of the T.V. set while women 
babble on endlessly. He gets up when one of them leaves the room, picks up a 
strange looking candle stick, and beats the other to death. He finishes the other off 
and later hangs himself. Everything happens unexpectedly and yet nothing comes as 
a real surprise. All of the artifical elements that Hitchcock packs into a thriller scene, 
visible signposts that signatl something frightening about to happen, are left out of 
the Fassbinder sequence all together. The only person with advance notice of what's 
about to happen is, naturally enough, the man that's about to instigate it. His little 
work, with red teapots, a blue couch matted by a white wall, and the noisy office that 
seems to crush him, is a world that we are all participants in. And we, as silent 
participants in the kind of situation that sends Herr R. amok, aren't priveliged with 
advanced warning about his action. 

The Pretzel Packise 

Bertollucci's camera in The Conformist tange reels about the dance floor, catching 
the flash of red oriental lanterns, the bluish green walls past which brightly dressed 
dancers fly, and the brass coated jazz band that plays from the balcony. In Last Tango 
things are more polished; and rogynous men with thin women dance severely, 
stabbing in the air with elbows a measured distance from the floor. The camera 
follows the drunken Paul as he upsets the contest by pulling his pants down in front 
of the judges. Warhol's Tango is a simple black and white diagram which maps out 
the path of the left and right feet as they move across the floor. Bergman's four ladies 
somberly walk down the red, walled, red carpeted, red lit hall of their Whispers and 
Cries mansion, hooded and tented in white lace. Fassbinder's actors wear clothes 
almost rude in their functionality - a jewler's tweezer's collar which holds up an 
expressionless face, rows of buttons down a stark blouse front, a suit coat that only 
just makes it around the middle of Herr R's stomach. Schlesinger's camera follows 
shoes, wheels, and paws down a New York sidewalk with dizzying hyper-activity as it 
watches midnight cowboy Jon Voight about to make a pick-up. Straub's camera rolls 
along the curb of a German red-light district waiting for some hooker to merge from 
the spe~trum of late night greys. 

Eloquence, for radical filmmakers, lies in simplicity and austerity . They seem afraid 
to "spend" the color that Bertollucci lavishes on his image, and save it for some 
strange, boring objects that needs something to bring it up to balance with 
everything else. Bertollucci uses his colour the same way that the pretzel packagers 
use theirs - to make a visual impact, a startling an~ arresting sight for the viewer . 
Warhol does the opposite. Basic, unmixed colours sliae slightley past the edges of his 
subjects. They pare away at the essence of things, reducing them the their most 
simple and most crucial. This humble and honest approach to tht:. image, forcing it to 
stand on some value better than stoplight attention getting, is the starting point of 
the new cinema. 

The Pretzel Sellers 
Bertollucci boycotts the Venice film festival just like Godard does. And everyone 

seems satsified in calling his new film radical. Bergman takes out full page ads in the 
New York rimes to sell his film; he rests on his laurels, "1 decided to make a film ... I 
hope you will like it ." Some radical women consider him a spokesman for their 
philosophy. At the same time, the New Filmmakers are trying to move themselves 
out of their films with th e ir acting troups, Factory, collaborations and co-ops. Godard 
said , while he was at U.C.S.D., of his collaboration that "it takes two to make a baby". 
But o f course that isn' t the real point of his partnership with Gorin . It is, instead, a 
simple state ment in c hallenge to the dire ctor's film. New York radicals are 
questioning thei r own position in the Underground right now; they realize tha t they 
haven't managed to push the mai nstream ci ne ma at all in their direction. To radicals, 
who are natura ll y didactic, this is a very fru strating state of affairs. Their art is itse lf a 
statement of their philosophy: by c rea ti ng a thinking mo vie, it is necessary to pursue 
the austerity to its fullest, and that means depersona li zi ng as m uch as it mea ns de-
threaterizing. There is a sort o f limbo - no one wants to watch fil ms tha t aren't 
exciting, and men of prncip le d o n't want to hedge. 

Margeurite Duras expects that th e you ng will brea k the limbl. But God ard sees 
ou r hospital styled universit ies as a bit hopeless. 

It takes a wh ile to learn what rad ica l is - mak ing films like Goda rd and Warh ol -
and what radical is n't - smoking a joint d urin g a Wa rhol or Godard fil m - but the 
radicals seem to be lieve that it can be lea rned , for they don't stop wh at they are 
doing. The mystery and austerity t hat makes the ir work e loque n t has an impact that 
demands a stance. That stance is the rejection of traditional film style, and it's a lot to 
ask for, but if one can understa nd what's r eally offered up as replacement, it isn't 
completely unreasonable . 

ANNUAL 
Mach II • Portable 

ELEtTRONIC CALCULATOR' 
• O, ... tOI OA batteries or AC 

currul 

MANDEVILLE 
LECTURES SPRING 

-SALE • ADO. SU BTRACT. MUl TlPl Y, DIVIDE. SQUARE. RECIPRO· CALS .• all Instanlly! • Handles up to 8 digits with floalins decimal 
• Clear enlry key 10 correcl mis· 

lakes wllhoul repeating en· 
Ine op<ralion. 

• Mult,ply or divide differenl 
numbers by the same number 
wllhoul enleflng Ihe same 
number every lime 

• long ballery li fe - uses in-
elp<nslve "c" cells. Signal 
Io ghl when battery gets low. 
Aulomahc shul off - eat ends 
ballery life by shutting off 
wilen not In use . Wiii .. -----~ . I)c,u~k cotty proof - IMsplay 
symbols show 5 operations 

• One touch power SWitch 

INTRODUCTORY $8995 SPECIAL Wllh AC adapter 
Indudes tJll l ries. caJry,nf case. handy luggage strap Model8JOO 231 

ONl YEAR INSTANT REPLACEMENT WARRANTYI 
Offer Valid Only W, h This Ad AI 

FOTOMAT 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor DrIVe at Genesee 
telephone 453·5753 

Hours' Monday·Frlday 10·7; Salurday9 6. Sunday 11 ·4 
rOtt,.. el.()or~ Ma., 10 1973J 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, May 4, 1973 

1972 1973 
presents 

STEWART L. 
UDALL 

former Secretary of the Interior 
CASA DEL PRADO 

BALBOA PARK 
8:00 P.M. 

Tuesday, May 8th 
These lectures are free and open to the public , 
and made possible by the Mandeville Founda-
tion 

No Tickets Necessary 

COMING SOON! 
Register for Prize Drawing 

PRIZES 
ON DISPLAY 

WATCH THIS 
PAPER FOR 

DETAILS OF SALE 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

x1360 

In Your Ear 
.Well, here we are again . It 's that time a~a i n : 

midterms. We can help ease the agonies of studymg if 
you n~ed a stu~y break, or need a diversion to 
po~ndlng typewriters . All you have to do is tun e your 
radl? to 550 AM and mellow out. We can't guarantee 
you II pass your O-Chem exam or write your 
Humanities paper, but we'll help out your spiritual 
psyche. 

DID YOU KNOW ... 
-that one of the guitar players for Blue Cheer was 

" Cubby" of Mickey Mouse Club Fame? 
-that David BOWie's band was the same group that 

backed up the Crazy 'Yorl~ of Arthur Brown ("Fire" ) 
. -that. Lou Reed, despite hiS appearance, is married (as 
IS BOWie) . 

-that Dor'y Previn wrote "Come Saturday Morning" 
(fmm the film "The Sterile Cuckoo) 

-that Chip Taylor (Buddah Records) was mess ing 
around in the recording studio one day and jokingly 
composed " Wild Thing" which the Troggs recorded 
and made a lot of money. Chip also wrote "Angel of 
the Morning" (Merilee Rush) . 

-that Com,:"ander Cody once was a ho-dad surfer in 
New York City 

-that loudon Wainwright III (Dead Skunk fame) is 
the son of a life magazine columnist 

Enough trivia for now. If you have any interest in 
w:hat we'r~ doing-stop by Quonset 314 on Matthews or 
give us a call at x1155 or 453-1221 . 

THE CHROME-PLATED MEGAPHONE OF LIFE 
. May 4-10 

Friday, the Fourth 
9 PM lenny Bruce Speaks (Part 1 of 4) 
" Interviews of our Times" 
Saturday, Cinco de Mayo 
aPM ENDGAME. (Samuel Beckett) 

Saturday Film 
This Sat u~day night 's fil,:" is " La Chi no ise" directed 

by Go.dar.d rn 1967. ~hen It was rel e ased in e arly 1968, 
La ~hlnol.s!! :-v~ s rece ived by some perceptive c ri tics as 
a film cn.tlc lzrng the mistakes of five young people 
Thgaged 10 the process of becoming revolutionaries. 

ey also re mark~d h!! .",,:as dOing .so from a pos itio n o f 
solidarity-th at hiS C~lti CISm was mformed by respect, 

an~ perhaps even a littl e love, but fo und h is po li tics as 
ridi culous as those of hi s subjects. It remai ne d for th e 
even.ts ?of May 1968 to. prove .God ard and his " petits 
MaOists both prophet iC and right . La Chinoise ca n be 
se e n as a work of blind ing clarity and sumplicity-o n t~e lev~ 1 of m~>ntage, it is probably the most log ical fi lm 
srnce Eisenste in . As politi cal fiction, it is equ ally clear. 

UCSD Music 
The newly formed San Diego Piano Q uartet is 

launching its career with a program of Schubert ~thoven, and Brahms, Friday, May 4, at 8 :30 in 409 
Member~ of the q uartet are gifted musicians of the 

UCSD MUSIC Dep.artment. Jerri Lee Owen, piano, has 
pe rf? rmed extenSively throughout the United States as 
SOlOist, and in duo recitals with her husband, Marlin 
O.w.en, c~lIo . t:-'1r . Owen is principal cE:llist of the La Jolla 
CIvic/University O rchestra . O ther performers in the 
group are Jim Stark, violin and Rachel Kam, viola . Mr. 
Stark i~ first v~olin!st of the New Age String Q uartet. He 
won first prIZe In the South Bay Chamber Music 
CO":lpetition in Los Angles in 1969 and the Monte rey 
Penlnsu,la Chamber Music Competition in 1972. Rachel 
Kam ha.ils from Israel where she got most of her musical 
educat ion on grants from tfie American -Israeli 
Cultural FoundatIOn. She was a member of the Gadna 
Youth Symphony which toured Europe and North and 
South America. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 
Ea rl Wild, today's foremost interpreter of the Roman-

tic piano repertoire, will appear in a concert with the la 
Jolla Civic/University O rchestra, Sunday, May 6, at 3 
p.m. and 8 p.m. in Sherwood Hall. 

Mr. Wild will play PIANO CONCERTO No.1 by Liszt 
Aileen Richards, flutist, winner of the 1972 Youth Tal nt 
Competition, will play Griffes' POEM. Also included in 
the program are Brahm's Fourth Symphony and the 
O verture to the Barber of Seville by Rossini. 

Mr. Wil d has been soloist with major symphony 
orchestras all ov~r the w?rld, i.ncluding those in New 
York, Boston, Ph ilade lph ia, Chicago, Cleveland, Paris, 
Monte Carlo and Trieste. He was still in his teens when 
he played Ge.rs.chwin's " Rh apsody in Blue" under 
Arturo Tosca nlnl With the NBC Sympho n y. Earl Wild 
has appeared in many p remier performances : world 
premiere performance o f Paul Cresto n's Piano Concer-
to, American prem iere o f Shostako vich's Piano Trio in E 
Minor and Marvin David levy's fi rst Piano Concerto 
written e specially ~or him, ~i.h t the Ch icago symphon y 
under Georg Soltl . In addition to being the lead ing 
expone nt of the great works of the Roma ntic piano 
literature, he is also a successful composer. He has 
composed an Easte r oratorio, " Revelations", ballet, and 
orchestral and incide nta l music for several med ia. 

Ailee.n Ri chards, a native of San Diego, is studyi ng 
flute With Miles Ze nte r a the University of Ca liforn ia. 

Continued on page 10 

A Classi.c of Contemporary drama, Beckett's 
Endgame, In the words of Harold Hobson of the 
london Sunday Times, has "outraged the Philistines 
earned the contempt of half-wits and filled those wh~ 
are capable of telling the difference between a theater 
and a bawdy house with a profound and sombre and 
paradoxical joy .... " 
Sun'day, the Sixth 
9 PM Rosko reads "The Giving Tree" and other poems 
9;30 PM Oscar Wilde's Fairy Tales 

Serenade 
lovely Alice and his 

amazing Alice Cooper 
Show will scintillate the 
scene at the San Diego 

Spo~t s Arena Sunday 
evenmg, May 6, doing bat-
tle with the Phlorescent 
leech and Eddie who will 
·open the show. Show time 
is 8 : p .m. Tickets ar e 
available at All Bill 
Gamble's and othel Arend 
Ticket Agencies and at the 
Sports Arena Box office for 
$5.50. 

. Beck, Bogert, and Appice 
Monday, Seventh of May 
9 PM Cluster I Group 

Continued on pilge 10 

The leon Russel Show 
will app'ear in casual con -
cert at the Sports Arena on 
Friday May 11 at a p.m. 
Travelling with leon on his 
curre nt tour will be a rock 
and roll circus, including 
grand pianos , back-up 
singers, and a 2V2 hour 
perforomance by Russell 
himself. Tickets for this 
show are likewise available 
at all Arena Agencies and 
are $5.50 in advance, $6.00 
at the door. 

This Sunday at the 
University of San Diego 
Football Stadium is a Cinco 
de Mayo celebration com-
plete with tacos and beer, 
and music by Malo, Azteca, 
and the ever popular com-
edy of Cheech and Chong. 

USE. _ . 

In concert May 5 at. the San Diego Sports Arena will be Jeff Beck's newe st group, 
Beck, B?gert and App lce . For years Beck dreamed of pu tting together a group which 
would Include vocalist Rod Stewart, who had been with Beck in the Yard b irds and 
the early Je~f Beck .group, drummer Carmine · Appice and Bassist Tim Bogert, both 
!ormerly With ~anilla Fudge. The formation of such a band seemed , at best, 

Im~robable, for Just when plans were being made, Beck suffe red a near-fatal motor 
accl~ent tha~ was to sideline him for a long time. Tim and Carmine, meanwhile, 
continued With the very successful Vanilla Fudge, which evolved into the equally 

succ~ssful Cactus .. Rod Stewart went on to join Faces. And Beck, when he healed , 
contrnued recordrng for Epic Records with the Jeff Beck Group. His albums to date 

in~l~de "Be~k-Ola ", "Tr.uth," "Rough and Ready" and " Jeff Beck Group." That 
Original plan IS now a ~eality, and Beck, Bogert and Appice will perform th is Saturday. 
Sports Arena Box office number is 224-4171 . 

Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 
Effect ive now, unt it close of business Ju ne 30. 

1973, your University & State Em ployees Credit 
Union wi ll offer a new low financing charge of 8.3% 
ann ual percentage rate on new autos and t rucks. 

and used vehicles up to four years old. We believe 
th is new low ra te combined with our loan pro· 

tection insurance, provided wi thout extra charge. 
is the lowest auto financing package offered in 

the San Diego area . Down paymenis are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price. including tax 

dnd license, with terms to 36 months . Take 
advan tage of thiS new low financing rate b fore 

It ends June 30. 1973. 

~~., .. "d, •• so " ... Ie. 0" •• ""0 ..... ,., ,Ill UNIVERSITY. STATE EMPLOYEES 
5191 Coli , .. "nnw. ,.,.. DI". ,.,111 ittto".7' OlD 
".IIne.,e.mDu. 'O lI>i.l.,.".O/O' ......... >S... CREDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

We teke pho,"Ie ordera 
Phone 453-6455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

200/0 off for UCSD 
Students with ID c8I'ds 

Page 5 Friday, May 4,1973 Triton Times 



• ... THEREFORE, I HAVE DECIDED TO INVOKE EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE AND FORG!VE MYSELFI' 

triton tiDles 
Univenity of uHfornM, S.n Dlqo 

t. Jolla, wlifornia 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext.1017, 453-8722 

:C .. my ~ilfick, EditOf·in·Chi~f . Mlcha~1 CrHne, Business M.1~illle! 
Th~ Mitori .. ls elpr~s~d below a,~ app,o"M by 1M TRITON TIMES Edito,i .. 1 Boa,d. All oth~, 
opinions elp,es.~d on this palle ar~ th~ of th~ authors wh~ names .. ppeilf in th~ bylines, .. nd 
do nol n~essa .. ly r~fI~ct th~ .iews of tM TRITON TIMES. Anyon~ desiring 10 submit mal~ri'" to be 

publish~ in Ihis seclion should ~nd it to Ih~ Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES 117 8"'k~ Hall . Re.~I~ Campus, UCSO. _ ' , 

Hitching Near Campus: 
Be Careful, And Repor.t 
All Incidents Of Assault 

Recently several students have been 
harassed and molested on the roads 
surrounding UCSD. In the last week we 
have had at least two assaults, two rapes, 
one missing and presumed kidnapped, 
and one murder near campus. 

It is sad that this is not an area where 
one can hitchhike and walk without fear. 
But we must be realistic, and understand 
that there are some precautions that can 
be taken to avoid trouble. 

Hitchhiking is an accepted form of 
travel to and from the UCSD campus, 
especially in North County. To those who 
do hitchhike, we urge you to be more 
cautious than ever when accepting offers 
for rides. And to those UCSD community 
members with cars, we ask that you help 
out by giving rides to students, and es· 
tablishing car pools with those you know 
who do not own cars. 

In an effort to help combat the threats 
of assault on hitchhikers, the TRITON 
TIMES will print descriptions of those who 
have attacked UCSD students. 

Some students have been harassed in 
front of UCSD along Torrey Pines Road 
by two older men driving a 3/4 ton pickup 
camper. The following information is 
meant to alert other students who may 
frequent that area of the campus. 

The two men driving the camper have 
been ident ified by three different 
students, all of whom have been 
assaulted. The driver, a self·descrlbed 
artist (around fifty years old), has long, 
shoulder·length grey streaked hair, and a 
full beard. Distinctive In appearance, this 
man has piercing brown eyes, and wore a 
constant smile on his face. Because of his 
accent and skin coloration , he appears to 
be of Latin descent. The other man, also 
apparently of Latin descent, Is about 25· 
30 years old, has dark brown hair, and Is 
about 5'9" tall . The driver may be taller, 
but :1 was hard to determine as he was 
seated in the camper during the reported 
assaults. The camper has a green front 
and a white trailer. The make Is unknown, 
but It appears to be a mid-1960's model. 

In the reported cases both of the 
assaults took place during the late after· 
noon, around 4:00 p.m. The men were 
reported to have been drinking, and 
behaved in an irrational manner. 

Any person who has had a similar 
experience or has seen these men around 
campus should report it to the TRITON 
TIMES and the campus police. We urge 
you to report all cases, and be extremely 
careful when hitching to and from UCSD. 

r triton times 
"u ~ dub." ... ·11 S~ h<11 re-dder, ... o" lIe 8e'<len ,vUI!!8en" 
Editor·in-<.hiel .. . .. Camy Sharick 
City Edilor ... . . . .. Carrie Rickey 
Managing fd lor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Editc r .. Debbie Montgomery 
Busines< "" .anager . Michael Greene 
Editorial D"ector .... Mark Siegel 
Arls Editor ...... .. T v n-. U r.dberll 
Sports Edil.)r ...... Michael Ralh 
Photollrap"y Edilor . Malcolm Smith 
Science EcM... . .... Larry Winn 
Secrelary .•....... Corinne Cacas 
Assistant Citll Editor .. Kathy Kuenzi 
A"ociate t:ity editors . Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Ant. Business Mgr. .. Michael Wyer 
Asst. Sporh Editor .... . Mark Uska 

News Oepirtment 
Karen Armitage 
Hannah Cohen 
Greg Hicks 
Greg Moser 
TimO'Neil 
Don Maker 
Lee Sure 
Laur. Scudder 
sport. Deparlment 
Cheryl E1I1C4" John LttLt!\,I~' 
D ... Phillips 
Pa' Stacy 
Mark Young 
Doug Beanan 
Art] Department 
Glen Genlle 
Chari .. Hyde 
Greg leonard 
Kri , tine Michel 
Hank Sieiman 
Chari .. Unkele .. 
Brando n Wander 

Copy Readers 
Karen Glick 
Barbara Randall 
Artl ... 
Corky M. Cacas 
PhotOlraphy 
Daryl AmSler 
Joe Easlern 
George Fisher 
Steve -Harper 
Mike Se,ma 
Production 
J,m Charley 
Charlie Heimler 
Janel Kleinkauf 
Brooke Jarrett 
David Marcus 
Andy Rogers 
Michael Sesma 
Business Deportment 
Carrol Bowden 
Nancy Mancino 
Donna Yamamoto 

The TRITON TIMES i. officl.lly rec:osni.ted •• a student new.paper by the Communka-
tlnn loard 01 Ihe Unl_erslly 01 ulifnrnla, San Oieso, luildins lSO, Mallhews Campu., La 
Joll., Camornl. 92037. Publication kiwi ... weekly on lundlY' and friday •. OIfkn ar. 
louled In Room 117, Blake Hall, Rewelle umpu •• for ad_erll.ins phone 453-1722, 0< 
4Sl-2000. ~ 1017; for editorial or new. phon. X 101&. Opinion. erpreSJed In ""_ .. -
tk.ment. are Ihose of Ihe .d .. rll5.r .nd do nol nfcess.,ily r.n«t the opinion 01 Ihe 
TRITON TIMES. 

Type.e(ting by Fo!orype 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, May 4, 1973 

Rationality, Action and 
David Kristofferson 

People engaged in studies for a college degree in any 
major area of academia today are well aware of the large and 
ever·increasing body of information that they must learn. 
This complex of information is not a monopoly of academic 
institutions however. It extends into everyday life and com· 
plicates the once simple choices of the average person with 
threats of unforeseen disadvantageous consequences. For 
example, what are the effects of weedkillers sprayed on the 
lawns and gardens of millions of Americans? Each person 
must decide for himself whether or not to participate in these 
activities. 

This brings us to our central problem. Given the vast 
number of conflicting claims and opinions existing even 
among experts on vital issues, can the socially·conscious lay 
individual arrive at a rational course of action? Intelligent 
political participation depends on an affirmative answer to 
this question. 

To many people the problem seems insurmountable. Most 
voters are acutely aware of their ignorance when it comes 
time to vote on such issues as proposition 9, the environmen-
tal initiative on last June's primary. Such measures go down 
to defeat not because of considered rational argument but 
because the populace.is afraid of any change until problems 
become inflamed. People feel that they are unable to judge 
the effects of such measures so they reject them rather than 
run the risk of bad results. This feeling of uncertainty also 
leaves them easy prey to emotional appeals by propagandists. 
It is no small wonder that in all this confusion many people 
choose to stay at home rather than muddle their brains with 
the uncertainties of voting. The proliferation of information 
therefore results in the apathy which is evident in so many 
people today. . 

On the other hand we are faced with the phenomena of 
"activist" movements. Having spent some time in the anti-
war movement myself, I have experienced the pleasant 
sensation of the "rightness" of a cause. This appears to me to 
be a psychological phenomenon that even the most cynical 
of minds has difficulty in avoiding once it has been swept up 
by the fever of a movement. It has been my experience that a 
large number of "activists" are so only out of a sense of 
needing to do something, regardless of whatever it is. In their 
"pre-activist" period when they were confronted with a 
bewildering mass of data they were at a loss for what to do. 
The influences of friends then drew them into a group. The 
group was found to be a welcome encounter since its 
enthusiasm supplied the certainty which individual specula-
tion previously could not. Thus their actions in the end are 
not rationally determined, but consist of a quasi-religious 
dogmatic adherrence to the philosophy of the group. 

It remains to be seen whether reason can prevail or if 
apathy and blind activism are the only alternatives. The 
answ.er is that yes, it can, but the "Yes" must be so qualified 
as to render it a " no" in a large number of cases. 

The ey to unde --',hll>ms is education. It is 
the nature of these on)bl ,~ •• h~'v must be viewed as 
wholes. One cannot the world with 
any degree of success theory of anyone 
discipline. The problems ·plinary by nature. In 
general, a knowledge is necessary for any 
attempt to really un problem, but so is a 
knowledge of . A large number of 
problems are scientific in aspect 
and therefore requ · these areas. In dealing 
with other cultures, as the emerging world 
community, a knowledge es and lifestyles is 
necessary for understa and therefo re for 
achieving peace in the us to conclude that 
the successful citizen must nfamously called at 
UCSD, a neo-renaissance be conversant in a 
large number of I hasten to add that 
Revelle College of this ideaL). 

The goal of ng is not just a pipe 
dream. Such programs of available in the 

college~ and universities individuals but 
should NOT be forced unwilling. Compulsion 
generally results In ill will of the coerced and, as a 
result, downgrades the the earnest. Even for 
those who can not self·education is 
still possible by reading time. Those who 
are truly concerned abou r role in it will not 
shirk at such tasks. people are not suf· 
ficiently concerned . 

However, let us assume .bec:orrle neo·renaissance 
men. Will we then be t all the intricacies of 
ballot propositions and 't it often the case that 
the more we learn the of what we don't 
know? If so will we be for all our effort? 

The answeragain is we will not be able 
to clearly judge every One would have to 
specialize in all areas to good chance of being 
right. Such specialization , the attitude of 
striving for the truth to ourselves when 
starting our studies will from falling into 
listless apathy. The have acquired will · 
sharply reduce the t surprises which 
society mar confront. a critica l, studious 
attitude wil lessen the It be ing overwhelmed 
by dogma, as is the fa activist. 

It is obviously true able to remove the 
basic uncertainty all, Man's destiny is 
still to a large extent in over which he has 
little control. But even if the future exten· 
sively, we can attempt to understanding of the 
course of society. least, when trouble is 
brewing we have a ourselves. Common 
sense tells us that it is prepared for a storm 
than ~o be caught u 

HOSPITAL Goddard's 
with 

George C. Scott 
and 

BloS80m 
(Short) 

FrIday 
Flick. cpb 

La 
Chinoise 

Saturday 
Film. 

LETTED ft· THE· EIHTelt 
Hitchhiker 
Expresses 
Her Views 
Editor: 

I can readily empathize 
with "one less rape victim" 
in her experience, as I am 
sure do many (if not most) 
women hitchhikers. All 
women who hitchhike ex-
perience similar incidents 
sooner or later. My own 
number two; the most re-
cent three we eks ago, 
when, hitching at La Jolla 
Shores, I was approached 
by a male exhibitionist. 
Nevertheless, I continue to 
hitchhik e. Why? Very 
simply, because I have no 
other means of transporta-
tion. 

It 's easy for someone 
who is fortunate enough to 
own a car to throw their 
hands up in horror and 
disbelief at the sight of 
women , "deliberately 
placing themselves in a 
position that brings out all 
the perverts in the world." 
Yet how many of you, safe 
and secure in your own 
vehicles, bother to pick up 

your sisters? Hitching on 
the average of fou r days 
out of the week, in the last 
nine months I have had 
only two women stop to 
give me a lift. And out of 
the numbers of men who 
have stopped, only around 
ten have been students or 
professors - this, despite 
the fact that most of my 
hitching is done from the 
corner of Torrey Pines and 
the Muir Parking lot. 

There is no need to warn 
women of the hazards of 
hitchhiking. We are all too 
aware of them. But our car-
oriented society leaves IJS 
no choice. For those who 
are truly concerned about 
the woman hitchhiker, I 
enter this plea : Don 't con-
demn, warn, or otherwise 
admonish us. Give us a lift ! 

Linda Richards 

Keep Black's 
Road Closed 
Reply to Jay Rubinoff 

If you want to drive to 
the beach there is a place 
called La Jolla Shores . 
There you can join th e 
kindergarten set, the teeny 

"God" 
William H. Stoddard 

For a number of months people have been writ ing in 
these pages about the scientific status of the theory of 
Divine creation. The general tenure of these arguments 
has been, first, that evolution, the spontaneous origin 
of life from nonliving matter, and presumablx the 
oscillating universe theory as well, are not proven facts; 
second, that since they are theories, they should 
compete on an equal basis with the theory that 
everything around us evolved from a fairly recent 
direct creative act of God, as set forth in the book of 
Genesis by that famous scientist, God; third, that in 
rejecting this latter theory out of hand scientists are 
showing an irrational prejudice, as cOf)trasted with 
those models of rationality and open·mindedness, the 
Christian fundamentalists. 

The theory of evolution is indeed just that a theory. 
But it is not for that reason in some sort of Inferior 
position to other knowledge. All h·uman knowledge is 
theory, and in a sense douotful. But there is no point in 
doubting, unless grounds for doubt can be shown 
having greater strength than what is doubted . In all the 
fundamentalist comments I have yet seen, there has 
nbeen- nothing which looks even remotely like a 
plaUSible reason for doubt. 

But even if there were grounds for such doubt, 
creationism would not qualify as an alternative theory . 
To see the reason for this, look at a different theory: 
the Law of Gravitation, F=Gmm·/r2• This law predicts 
certain behavior of objects: a dropped stone will fall, a 
thrown one will describe a parabolic trajectory, a 
rocket will enter free fall under some conditions, etc. .. 
Insofar as those objects behave that way, we can 
explain their behavior by this one theory. It serves in 
effect as a file in which to place our understanding of 
bullistics and related subjects. Further, if objects 
behaved otherwise it would show that this theory was 
wrong, or that additional factors were intervening. 
(Historically this is how new causes are generally 

• discovered.) Believin~ in it amounts to organizing our 
awareness of the world in a definite way, one into 
which we can fit some occurrences and not others. In 
other words, when we are asked to say what this law 
means, we can point to all the events it summarizes, 
and say, ' It means that, aU other things being equal, 
things will happen in just this way, and not another: 
This is why it is meaningful and useful. 

Continued on page 8 

boppers, and all the rest of 
the suburban sun-bathers. 
If you remove the gate at 
Blacks beach it will be just 
tike La Jolla Shores . 
Perhaps you would like to 
build a boardwalk as well. 

If the walk down to 
Blacks gives you blisters, 
wear shoes, and if you get 
tired, maybe you need the 
exercise . Personally, I 
would rather be a 
"peasant" and walk, than 
be promoted to the 
"Bourgeois" and driv e 
down to a combination 
bea ch, pla ygro und and 
park ing lot. 

Robert Kleiner 
(A selfish student who does 
not want to share Blacks 
Beach with all of La Jolla. 

Vandalism 
Is A 
Criminal Act 
Editor: 

This letter is wr itten in 
regards to the comment on 
the acts of vandalism made 
by Mr. Nestor Paz of the 
FALN 15/1, TTl. 

In no way can random, 

senseless acts of vandalism 
be cons idered "socially" or 
"politically" significant. 
When a man wilfully 
threatens the lives of 96 
passengers on a jet aircraft, 
as did Ricardo Chavez-
Ortiz a year and a half ago 
he is committing a criminal 
act, and one which 
transcends the bounds of 
socia l-politi ca l 
significance. Human Life is 
the most precious com-
modity on this earth, and 
we must not regard it too 
lightly. 

Wh ile the government of 
California and the United 
States has its faults, it is a 
democratiC, representative 
government, one that is 
assembl ed to show the 
views of all parts of society, 
and a ll parts must be 
regarded on an equal basis. 
Acts of vandalism cannot 
be regarded as represen-
ting a view. They are what 
they appear to be, a 
cri minal act. 

I am not attempting to 
justify the validity of the 
recent war in Vietnam. It 
was a horrifying, senseless, 
indecent act , granted. 
However we must not 
allow this war to distort our 

overall view of laws and 
government. We must all 
co-exist, and all righ ts must 
be protected for all, and 
not a select few. 

As for Mr. Paz fee ling 
that he and I are livi ng in a 
sterile environment void 
of expression of ideas, I 
need only to ask him to 
read the paper . The 
defense rests. 

Steve Marriott 

A Rebuttal 
ToA 
Clarification 
Editor : 

I am writing this letter in 
order to correct some un-
fortunate mistakes made 
by my good buddy Jim 
Cravens, in his letter con-
cerning our luncheon 
togeth er a ·few weeks ago. 
During my lunch with Big 
limbo, I actually ordered a 
cheeseburger, side of fr ies, 
and a Roy Ogawa Ono-
Ono milkshake. 

Forever yours, 
Jesus Christ 

P.s. What 's a schlemiel? 

Politicians, Ugh! 
Arthur Helliwell 

As this is written the Watergate affair is 
causing a great furore across our land and 
also all around the world. At no time in 
the hisory of our fair country has the 
office of the Presidency been under the 
cloud that it is now. What has brought this 
about? 

Could it be that most of our elected 
officials believe they are above the lawl 
Some of them have been guiding our ship 
of state since the year 1 or so it seems. 
Nixon, Agnew, McClellan, Eastland, Sten-
nis, Young, Fulbright , Sym i ngton, 
Magnusson and many more have been at 
the helm all too long. A few years ago we 
had Hayden from Arizona still in office at 
the tender age of 90. These politicians 
have been on the public payroll for an 
average of about 30 years each and have 
been spenders- of yours and my tax 
money- for most of their adult so it is no 
wonder some of them think they are 
above the law, they are since they are the 
law. 

If these spenders knew there was a 
good chance that they would return to 
the roll of a taxpayer and to face their 
neighbors after a term in office you can 
bet your bottom dollar they would be 
more careful in how they spent our taxes 
and how they· conducted themselves 
while in the public eye. How could this 
sad situation be rectified you might well 
ask???? 

Very simple- have an amendment to the 

constitution making it impossible for any 
elected official to succeed themselves, no 
incumbents. From the lowest elective 
office to the Presidency have it fixed so 
that at the end of each 6 year term you 
either move up or move back home. Yes, 
each term would be for 6 years instead of 
the 2 or 4 years now in vogue. Elections 
could be held every 3 years so that we 
could have experienced people serving us 
at all times, half coming and half going. If 
a person wished to dedicate themselves to 
serving their country- fine and dandy-
they could be re-elected every 6 years but 
never to the same office. They could go 
through the various offices at the local 
level then try for the congressional and 
senatorial seats in Washington and from 
there- if qualified- to the White H9use. 
Under this system, what with everybody 
vitally interested in what was best for the 
country instead of being mainly in-
terested in perpetuating themselves in 
office, we would have government fFor 
the People, By the People and Of the 
People. 

Limiting elected officials to 1 term 
would of course· due to the turnover-
mean that anyone might be called to 
serve in office. This so it would behoove a 
person to be well informed on how 
government was run and being better 
informed it would make us more substan-
tia l citizens. Of course some provis ion 

Continued on page 8 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

FREDERI.CKS 
SKI & HIKE 

22:;1) \ \j'lIid" rII' III 1'1,,\01 
[lItOIU' : l.i9-:116:; . 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meats, 
Wine 

B r 

has gone hiking 
ir Everything For Your ~~ 
j~: Camping & Backpacking Needs ~~: 

~ ~ 
:.~~: :.. Our Ski Sale Items ~:l.:: (except sweaters) 
::: Can Be Held For ::: I ::::::~;:::~ I 
.

i.i.! Mon .-Fri .,~~~r~at., 10-5:30 ~ll 
'. Sunday, 11-5 ~:: 

I""""""" "='~~":'::"<M~:"::~'~':"'''''':::'::~,~., .. ,.,,,J Page 7 Friday, May 4,1973 Triton Times 



/lGad" ... 
Continued from page 7 

But we n't say the same of statements about God 
doing a e or another thing. For supposedly God is 
omnipot n. This means that any event whatever could 
be explaitled by saying, 'God did it'. But this means that 
when sO.rneone says God exists, he has expressed no 
expectation whatever about any object we might 
perceive. This can be seen by the fact that no event 
would seem to him to be a reason for concluding that 
God did not exist. His statement cannot be shown to be 
wrong. This is because it means nothing, any more than 
the statement 'all falguses are brumpos' means 
anything. It has no value in understanding the world. 

It i.s ~n inescapable part of scientific logic that, before 
admitting any statement or system of statements to the 
competition ?f theories, it req~ires of them that they 
show what might be taken as eVidence for anor against 
them. There can be no evidence for or against the 
sta.tements -of . creationists. (Certainly the Bible is no 
eVidence. It Simply sets our the putative theory and 

yo~ can hardly p~ove a theory correct just by STating it. 
As It stands, the Bible doesn't even mean anything at all 

e~cept when it's making statements about pliysical 
objects, and even these aren 't necessarily true, written 
as they were by fanatical propagandists, whose respect 
for objectivity can hardly have been much better than 
that. of Marxists, or Timothy Leary.) For they aren't just 
setting forth one more theory of the physical 
mechanisms of a given process. They are denying that 
such mechanisms exist. 

Rational discourse has its own laws and customs. 
These are not perfect or absolute, but they cannot be 
set aside arbitrarily without paying a heavy price the 
replacement of raional discourse by blind refusal to 
think or communicate at all. or by a chaotic mishmash 
of meaningless assertions. One of these laws is that the 
explanation of natural objects and events by ' natural' I 

m~an 'perceivable' must be sou~ht in other natural 
objects and events. Only with thiS principle can we 
ensure that we are saying anything meaningful at all. 

When creationists reject the theory of evolution in 
favor of special acts of God, they are demanding that 
rational judgement subvert itself. What they demand is 
as incrediible as if a man on trial were to be confronted 

b~ vague assert ions of his sinfulness, guilt, etc., by 
wl!nesses who concern themselves with objective 
eVidence, and were then asked to defend hinself 
against them. Evolution may be a good or a bad theory 
its story may be true or false . But this has to be decided 

objectively. All that any creationist has ever said is that 
he feels that the Bible is true (without specifying the 
natural sources of his feeling) , and that for the sake of 
this feeling he is ready to reject any rationally 
grounded assertions, even though he cannot even say 
what the meaning is of those statements which he feels 
to be true. This is sheer intellectual fraud, right out in 
the open. To ask that rational judgement even notice 
such assertions as evidence is to ask that evolution be 
tried before a kangaroo court, one which will give no 
more weight to the most rational proofs and the best 

evidence it can bring up than to the gibberish of 
fanatics. 

In other words, what the creationist want is the total 
destruction of reason, at least by implication. They 
don 't ~ant to prove anything they want to induce 
unquestioning faith, to be entitled to rule out of 
consideratbn anything they might find upsetting. This 
kind of 'Tlentality has been too weak for some time to 
challenge scientific reasoning; now a test of relative 
strenth is going on again . When it was strong, it held 
back thE> growth of knowledge for centuries. A 
Catholic priest who supported religious dictatorship, 
challenged on his claiming the right of free speech, 
once said, 'You believe in tree speech, so while you are 
in power we shall use it against use it against you; we 
do not believe in free speech, so when we are in power 
we won't let you use it against us: This is how the 
ob;ective scientific openmindedness of fundamen-
talists works, too. Christians don't want to have this 
responsibility, and they see in any sort of independent 
judgement a source of threats to their stuperous 
complaisance. It's understandable that now, when the 
problems before men are so demanding of rigorous 
thought, that many people should want to escape from 
its demands into unth inking 'peace of mind', like sheep 
following a Shepherd; but this approach is even less 
workable now than it was before, when the strain was 
less acute. God isn't just the wrong answer; God is no 
answer at all. 

FEIFFER 

Politicians, Ugh! ... 
Continued from page 7 

would have to be made to insure a per-
sons job or business while called upon to 
serve their country. 

On the surface this might appear quite 
frastlc but something on this order will 
have to be done to restore confidence in 
the integrity of our government both at 
home and overseas. If the Watergate was 
an isolated case it would be different but 
we have had scandals in many other 
administrations. To mention a couple: 

How about the Baker affair and the Estes 
hassle during the lohnson adventure as 
President? It is time we had a businessman 
as President instead of a politician. After 
all isn't the United States one of the 
largest business' in the world . On well 
known news commentator on the west 
coast has a scale where he rates politicians 
and used car salesmen at the bottom of 
the integrity ladder and isn't adverse to 
saying so every once in a while on his TV 
program. 

The TAlTON TIMES encoureg .. !he 
UN of II. edllortll PION ... 'orum lor 
Ihe Unlvtr.lly community . All con-
Irlbutlon. MUST Include tn. nlm •• nd 
addr ... 01 the wrtter, althOUgh nam .. will 
be wllhheld on requHt. COLUMNS will 
be cho,.n by 1he EdJtorlal depar1ment on 
the bl.l, of their InterHt. Importance, or 
enteralnment value to the Unl-.er.lty 
communlty. Please be as conel" .. 
possible; do nol exceed 1000 word • . Wo 
reserve lhe rlghl 10 &dllo lor apace or libel 
considerations unless specif ically In-
dlcaled Olherwlse. 

wtfftuauul1'!1 
Etstaurat1t - lltlttattsStn 
Ens~rr &lV1r aUb ltalian ' 

'rite tJ~ICOftN CiIle"lil 
Evenings Ihrough t.londay 
DEEP END 
a 40pmfEngiand 19l 1lA bold. !KPeflmenlll, 
ero'ic worll lIbOu a rttf"nlal crISIS In the 
Ille of I young btth use Bnendenl 
W.R.: MYSTE'IESOFTHE ORGANISM 
700& 1020 P r / ugosl.v18 Ge,m.ny·197I 
• An outra9eousl) fumy toIloge of mustC 
aot!ouStrs. erollCl irllended as It 
e)lpl,c8Mn 0' In! 1Mbrles of me 
Vlsronary psychl." Wllhfotm Retch 

sall.J'day li,dn'Qf I 
The r-lOCMnll Cl e 
THELONG VO ' A E HOME 
John fO'd , ,or. )J1 I I Eugene 0 Nedl's 
Play JoI\n Wayn llnamo. Mllchell-
Barr! fitzgerald 

Tu""') & Wo<l"""y 
l.ln.t.rntflC8nS~1e5 
ill JAOOI. OF IlAUUTORO 
700 4900 pm/C/o. Ie 1970>1)y M.guell,nln 
A very rei' and powerful Ie enactment 
of I famous Chilean murder case 
PtrI .. ,I,,, COl_1A 10 

Beg'nn.JOg ThorsOol 
!'tem, ... Engogemonr 
fOJetgn ~. Ver~on 

i FllliRl'llIDMA 
7456 ~a JoUaBlvd. 459-4341 

6980 La Jolla Blvd., La Jolla 459-2433 
Open 7 days a week. Mon.-Sat. II -II , Sun. 9:30·10 

House of 
Natural Foods 

Produce, Dairy, Poultry 
Supplements, Grains, Fruits 

Our Own Honey Date Cereal 
45¢ lb. 

Altadena Raw Whole Milk 
. 69¢ 1/2 gal. 

Continental Yogurt (Plain) 
79¢ qt. 

Rose Hip V.T.e. 500 mg. 
100 Tab $1 .99 

We Have Our Own Stone Mill 
And Bakery 

7523 b Fay A venue La Jolla 
454-4515 

(acro.ff from Safe way ) 

Page 8 Trit?n Times Friday, May 4, 1973 

'NOT lUSt NOW, MI. WAY"' .. . "tM"PS LA'" •• " 

Communications can't be one-sided! There must be 
something that's bothering you nationally, on campus, 
or eYen in this newspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETTERS TO THE EDITOR and will print as 
many as space permits. Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, with 6O-unit margins, and must be re-
ceived no later than Tuesday for publication on Friday. 
All contributions MUST include the name and address 
of the writer, although names will be withheld on 
request. Mail to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCS-
0, La Jolla, 92037, or submit in person at the office, NW 
corner Blake Hall. 

r TEU THeH 
1I-fVU 
8RXU 

~Tcr 
( I . 

2633 S. Hwy. 101 
Cardiff 

753-6438 

A Few More 
For 1M All-Cal 

Crew Set For 
S.D. Invitational 

UCSD's undergraduate 
Badminton Freal(s came 
out in full force last week to 
determine which mixed-
doubles team would go to 
Santa Barbara for the ALl-
Cal Tournament. All the 
stars were there, including 
such pre-tourney favorites 
as Greg and Glenny, Gi-
deon and Ann, and Mike 
and Bev. As expected, the 
power-houses (Greg and 
Glenny, Gideon and Ann) 
moved to the cham-
pionships of the winner's 
bracket of the double-
elimination tourney, where 
Greg and Glenny dropped 
Gideon and Ann into the 
loser's bracket. 

In the final round of this 
bracket, Gideon and Ann 
were upset by II dark-horse 
team, Roger and Gini, in an 
18-17 thriller. This would 
have set the stage for a 
championship match of 
Roger and Gini versus Greg 
and Glenny, had it not 
been discovered that due 
to the ignorance of the 
orga nizer of the tourna-
ment, UCSD's graduate 
students had been unjustly 
kept out of the competi-
tion. So, a graduate student 
tourney was scheduled for 

Mother's 
Day 
THRILL HER WITH 

Flowers 

Send 

FRESH 
FLOWERS 
Anywhere In The 
U.S.A. At 
lOW 
DISCOUNT 
PRICESI 
Satisfaction Fully 

Guaranteed! 
Premium 

Quality, Alwaysl 
'Chooae From An' 

Unusual Selection! 

Fresh ORCHID 
Corsage 
As Low As $3.25 
Dozen CARNATIONS 
As Low As $7.00 . 
One Dozen ROSES 
As Low As $8.00 
MAKE YOUR SELECTION 
MOWAT 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
Order Early 
To Insure Delivery 

la~t Tuesday night, with the 
winner to play the un-
dergraduate winner. 

Well, word must have 
gotten out that 
H.C. Chan was planning to 
participate, because he and 
hiS partner (Denise 
Medina) were the only 
graduates to show up for 
the tourney. His presence 
took some of the thrill out 
of Greg a nd Glen ny's 

tr~u~ph over Roger and 
Glnl, as Greg had previous-
ly had the dubious honor 
of falling prey to Chen's 
deft lob and scorching 
smashes. Let it suffice to say 
that Chen lived up to his 
image, and Denise per-
formed more than ade-
quately as the pair romped 
to an easy 15-4, 15-6 vic-
tory, also gaining two seats 
on the Greyhound Bus to 
UCSB. 

Another area of com-
petition appears in the 
volleyball finals . On a mis-
ty, cold day-after-the-time-
change Sunday morning, 
four coed-volleyball teams 
gathered to battle it out for 
a trip to UCSB.After many 
groans from the late risers 
everyone started to loose~ 
up. ONE TOO MANY and 
ALL SPIKED OUT each up-
se.t their first two games, 
With ONE knocking off 
AGAIN AGAIN and ' the 
SPIKERS drowning the 
depleted WHITE MEAT. 

This set up the classic 
matchup: : youthful ex-
uberance versus seasoned 
veterans The youngsters 
looked a little tight in the 
firs~ game while Fuq ua, 
DWight and Dave were 
pounding home loan and 
Cheryl Landay's sets. I n the 
second game, though it 
was ONE's turn to pull 'the 
string, and behind the 
power shots of Mark and 
tremendous block ing of 
Bruce, ALL SPIKED OUT 
came from behind to pull 
out a 12-10 
squeaker. Now was the 
time for AGAIN AGAIN to 
have their moment of 
glory, as they took the 
court against ALL SPIKED 
O UT. Rick and Damon 
caught the freshmen un-
aware , and while ONE 
TOO MANY was busy 
shredding WHITE MEAT, 
AGAIN AGAIN slipped by 
SPIKED OUT and it was on 
to Santa Barbara for ONE 
TOO MANY. 

Nationals Now 
Underway 

Schedule 
Friday 

9:30 a.m: Opening Ceremonies 
Hirr~urt 1 10:00 a.m. Graceland vs Cal State Dominguez 

Court 210:00 a.m. George Williams vs UCSD 

S 
Court 1 ~1 :15 a.m. Church College of Hawaii vs Cal 

tate Dominguez Hills 
Court 12:00 p.m. Graceland vs George WiIIi~m5 
Court 14:00 p.m. Church College of Hawaii vs UCSD 

D 
C0!-lrt 1 6:qo p.m. George Williams vs Cal State 
omlnguez Hdls 
Court 1 8:00 p.m. Church of Hawaii vs Graceland 
Court 28:00 p.m. UCSD vs Cal State Dominguez Hills 

S.turday 
Championship 
Court 9:00 a.m. Graceland vs UCSD 
Championship 
Court 11:00 a.m. Church College of Hawa ii vs 

George Williams 
END OF ROUND-ROBIN PLAY 

Championships 
Cour! 1 :30.p.m. 4th place team vs 5th place team for 

Championship Bracket 
CHAMPIONSHIP BRACKET 

Championship 
Court 2:45 p.m. 2nd place team liS 3rd place team 
Championship 
Court 4:00 p.m. 1st place team vs. 4th place team 

Championships 
Court 6:30 p.m. Losers vs Losers for 3rd and 4th 

places 
Championship 
Court 8:00 p.m. Winner vs Winner for Championship 

and 2nd place 

As you read this article, 
the finest small-college 
volleyball in the nation is 
now being played a stone's 
throwaway in the UCSD 
gym. The participants are 
Church College of Hawaii 
<top-seeded in th e 
tourney) , Graceland 
College of Lamoni, Iowa 
(second-seeded), George 
Williams of College of 
Downer's Grove in Ill inois 
(third-seeded), UCSD and 
California State College, 
Dominguez Hills. 

The tournament is 
scheduled to last all of 
today and tomorrow with 
the final a 'lards being 

handed out at ap-
proximately 9:30 Saturday 
night. For all of Friday ana 
Saturday morning, matches 
will be organized on a 
round-robin basis with 
each team playing every 
other team In best three-
out of five games . The 
Saturday afternoon semi-

fi~als of the championship 
will be held, while the 
fina Is will be held that 
eveni ng. 

Admission prices are as 
follows: olle-day sludents 
$1, general public, $2, 
package deal for both days 
(to be purchased before 
play begins) ,!;tudents $1 .50, 
general public $3.50. 

Word from an 

For all those people who 
diligently read the sports 
page you will have noticed 
arti cles on Crew every now 
and then. Now many of 
you just keep on skimming 
and bypass a terrific article. 
Whyl Because you either 
are ignorant of it's many 
virtues or you are just 
basically not a nice person. 
And since everyone 
knows that UCSD is just full 
of ... nice people, you are 
probably ignorant of the 
how and why of Crew. 

The People 
So, pay close attention 

and you will learn all about 
rowing or crew (see you 
didn 't even know that was 
what a crew team did) . First 
off there are three 
categories in Crew : 
Freshman, light weights 
and heavy weights . The 
term "heavy weights" is 
usually synonomous with 
varsity and junior varisity. 
UCSD fields light weights 
and freshman . To be in the 
freshman category you 
have to be a freshman 
(pretty hard, huh?) It's a bit 
tougher to qualify for the 
other two groups. A light-
weight boat has nobody 
over 160 Ibs. and with a 
boat average of 155 Ibs., 
heavies are virtually 
eliminated. 

The Equipment 

DON WORTMAN TOM HARTZOG S anonymous source (he has 
fuzzy blond hair) reveals 
that if the UCSD team is as 
high for the tournament as 
the coach is, the team will 
do qu ite well. 

Now that you know 
something about the peo-
ple, we will discuss the 
equipment. The boat or 
shell is made out of pine 
and redwood. They are 
wide enough to sit in, and 
no more (about a foot and 
half wide) . The rowers are 
in sin~le file, all facing one 
direction, and each man 
has one oar. While in your 
everyday row boat you just 
sit and pull, the oarsmen 
here are not so lucky. They 
sit on a little platform or 
slide that, you guessed it, 
slides on a pair of runners. 
Each shell has its own shoes 
already in it, so the rowers 
tie their feet into these 
shoes, thus they can pull 
and push themselves up 
and down the runners. ThiS 
.hand y little innova t ion 
greatly improves the 
leverage and increases the 
oarsmen's potential for a 
hernia. There are four and 
eigh t man shells. Each 
shell , besides containing 
the four and eight 
oarsmen, also has one 
driver , coach and all-
around swell person, the 
coxswain. The shells have a 
draft of three inches and 
thus a re very unstable even 
when everyone has their 
blades on the water and 
the shell had some 
momentum. Try to imagine 
the balance act regulred 
when its windy', c/ioppr 
and eight peopl.e are ai , 

~ DB-BAD'W}\-Y 
F l' 1 ~ ", •. PI" <.., i'l DII' '41 r I ~ , \' T 

.. B 

SANDY BARON 
IN 

"LENNY" 
COM INC TO SAN DIEGO 

Premiere of the 
National Touring Company 

JUNE 5 THRU JUNE 24 
$1.00 STUDENT DI COUNT WITH ID 
(except Friday and aturday evening. ) 
Some may find the language and content or this 
production orrens/ve. Parental guldan(:e suggested. 

FOR TICKET INFORMATION: 235-6535 

NOW THRU MAY 27 

EVE ARDEN 
IN 

"UNDER PAPA'S 
PICTURE?" 

A hlla,lolI~ com"dy about the 1If .. and toy/, (.r a wldowf'd 
moth .. , who ,rhl't allialn. t h", f'!>tabll~h"d ramll . 

MONTESSORI TEACHER TRAINING 
SUMMER COURSE 
JUNE 11·JUL Y 27 

Held in Cool. historic Santa Fe. N.M. Classes held 8 a.m.- 12 
p.m. independent Study 1 to 5 p.m. Weekends free to explore 
New Mexico (Taos. Carlsbad Caverns. White Sands. Los 
Alamos. Bandolier) 
Given under the auspicec; of the International Association of 
Progressive Montessorlans 

Grace McEntee, B.A .. M.A. 
Ed . S. Director of Course 

Dormitory facilities available 
College credit granted through 

College of Santa Fe. 
For Information. write to: 
TEACHER TRAININQ INSTITUTE 
Esqueta Montessori de Santa Fe 
P.O. Box 238t 
Santa Fe. New Me~ico 8750 1 
or call 487·7852 

Please send me information on the 
Teacher Training Summar Course 
Name ....... .. : ........................ . 
Address .......••........................ 

. 
.. ... .... .. . ... . . . .... ...... . City, State, Zip 

hopefully, sl iding and 
pulling at the same time. 

Last Weeks Results 
All of this was said so that 

you the reader could un-
derstand the how of Crew. 
No one really knows why 
people get up at 4 :30 a.m., 
row, run five miles, push 
weights and then try and 
stay in school. Anyway, 
Saturday the team traveled 
up to Santa Ba rbara to 
meet UCSB and Stanford . 
The !ight-weight four won, 
as did the frosh fou r. The 
lightweights beat Santa 
Barbara while the frosh 
took Stanford . The meet 
took place at Lake 
Cachuma and one might 
say the Lake rose to the 
occasion, producing swells 
of two feet at some spots. 
Of course, the motor boats 
and their wakes 
cooperated by crOSSing the 
course as many times as 
possible. Yet, the Tritons 
perservered and took two 
first places. The frosh-eight 
and the IV-eight did not do 
so well. 
Now You Can See A Crew 
Race . 

You ' re probably saying 
to yourself, "Wow, would I 
ever like to see a crew 
race." Well, now you can, 
for this Saturday at Mission 
Bay, UC Santa Barbara, UC 
Santa Clara, San Diego 
State and UCSD are getting 
it together for the San 
Diego Invitational . The first 

~ace, the lightweight eight, 
IS at 9 a.m. To get there 
from school take Interstate 
5 south to Garnet, then 
take Garnet to West Mis-
sion Bay Drive and go left. 
Follow Mission all the way 
to Belmont Park and turn 
left at the signal (right at 
the jack-in-the-box) . ext, 
turn in at the Bahia motel 
sit down( open up yo u; 
beer ana get ready. You 
are now at the finish line of 
the 2000 meter course and 
can expect quite a good 
show, if not the most un i-
que. After all, how many 
crew races ha ve you seen? 
So, why not, show up and 
see what its all about. 

She Needs Your Help 

he 's only one of the hun -
dredR of thou~ands of small 
victims of the war in Indo-
China- many of them maimed 
or blinded - wh o loo k to 
U NI EF for help . The 
Uni teu Nations Children's 
Fund is organizing a massive 
recove ry program for you ng-
sters desperately in need of 
better food. shelter and medi-
CAl ca re. You]' con tribution 
may b s nt to .s. Commit-
tee for U ICE F. 331 East 
:18th St .. New Ynrk l001G. 

age 9 Friday, May 4, 1973 Triton Times 



Price Protest 
Leaders of San Diego County Fight 

Inflation Together have set a march and 
rally in Mission Bay Park as a part of the 
National Day of Protest against High 
Rood Prices tomorrow. The march and 
rally will gather at 1 p.m. near the Visitor 
Information Center, Mission Bay, off 

inviting meat boycott supporters, trade 
unions, co nsumer groups women's 
groups, senior citizens, and all others 
concerned about inflation. City and 
County officials will be asked to speak at 
the rally. 

Highway 5. , 
The San Diego chapter of FIT are 

San Diego Fight Inflation Together 
continues to call for the Tuesday and 
Thursday boycotting of meat. 

Pearce Appointed Dean 
Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, 

Professor of American 
Literature and Associate 
Dean of Graduate Studies 
at UCSD has been ap-
pointed Dean of Graduate 
Studies. 

The appointment as 
Dean, announced by 
UCSD Chancellor William 
McElroy, is effective as of 
July 1, 1973. 

UCSD Music 
Continued from page 5 

Pearce joined the UCSD 
faculty in 1963 as Professor 
of American literature and 
Chairman 0 the Depart-
ment of literature. He 
served as Specia I Assistant 
for Academic Plann ing at 
UCSD under former 
Chancellor William McGill 
from 1968 to 1970 and has 
served as Acting Dean and 
Associate Dean of 

Los Angeles. She is a member of the University 
symphony and wind ensemble. In 1971 Miss Richards 
was awarded second place in the Frank Sinatra Musical 
Merit Award Competi tio rl . 

The concert is under the direction of Edwin London, 
composer and visiting professor at the UCSD Music 
Department. 

In Your Ear 
Continued from page 5 
Tuesr.ay, the Eighth 
9PM Conversation with Mcleod 

A few weeks back, two members oi the KSDT staff 
and a mumber of the Campus Program Board r a p'p~d 
with two members of Mcleod-Don Mcleod and Jim 
Sul livan. The topics discussed range from the art of 
mime to the rock scene today to computer f i lms to 
their own personal experiences as art ists. 
9:30 PM " Old Friends" 

A touching portrayal of the aged, this program i~ a 
sensitive presentat ion centeri ng around the memories 
and reflections of a teacher and a steel mill worker, 
with the aid of contemporary music. Produced by A. 
James Cameron of WL VR-FM (Leh igh Universi ty), this 
program was a 1971 Armstrong Award winner. 
Wednesday, the Ninth 
9 PM Conversation with Roger Chapman or " Which 
Wa y to the Public Restroom?" 

Roger Chapman is the unoff ici al , yet o ff icia l 
spokesman for Family, an English rock group which 
toured with Elton John last fall. Despi te ringing phones, 
dour-faced Holiday Inn desk clerks and late planes, two 
KSDT staff members spent several hours tal k ing with 
Chapman about Family, thei r evolution as rock art is ts, 

e~periences on tours; in general, we offer the " other 
side" of the rock scene-the artist as a person offstage. 
Thursday, t~ e Tenth 
6 PM - 2 11 M Dennis Hernandez and Nacho Flores 
present a :ollege of music, poetry, speakers, dis-
cussions, eC. of the Chicano culture. (This is a regular 
program .) 

Graduate Studies for the 
past five years. 

Prior to coming to 
UCSD, Pearce served as an 
instructor at Ohio 
State University (1945-46), 
as Assistant Professor at UC 
Berkely (1 946-49), and, and 
as an Associate Professor 
and Professor at Ohio 
State University . 

He received his B.A. and 
M .A. degrees from UCLA 
and his Ph .D. degree from 
Johns Hopkins University 
in 1945. . 

Pearce has held research 
and study fellowships 
granted by the American 
Council of learned 
Societies, the Committe on 
M idwestern Studies, and 
the Fund for the Advance-
ment of Education. 

He is the author of 
several books including 
"The Savages of America : 
A Study...of the Indian and 
the American Mind" and 
" Th e Continu i ty of 
American Poetry" which 
was awarded the prize for 
cri t icism of the Poetry 
Society of America in 1962. 

Pearce ha s served as 
editor of severa l vol umes 
and is, at present, one of 
the general editors of the 
Centenary Edit ion of the 
" Wo r k s of Nat h ani e l 
Hawthorne." 

He has served as a memb-
er of the boa rd of directors 
of the National Council of 
Teachers of English, of the 
Commi tte on International 
Exchange Persons, and of 
the Supervising Committe 
'of the Engli sh Insti tute. He 
is presently a member of 
th Executive Committe of 
th Western Center of the 
American Academy of Arts 
and Sciences. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOO,) BANK 

327 F Street 

1 
I 

11&: althe dope \OU'I 
need tor a Europe trip. 

~ PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fr i. 
9:45- 5:30 

Sat. 9:3065 :30 
Closed Sun . & Mon, 

~ 

233-6326 ~ 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, May 4, 1973 

Extension Schizophrenia 
Psychiatrists and medical researchers will report the latest biological and sociological 

thinking about the group of mental disorders known as schizophrenia, in a forthcoming 
UCSD Extension course. 

The Extension offering appears at a time when traditional notions about mental illness 
are being widely challenged by social scientists. 

The course, beginning Thursday evening May 10, at 7 o'clock in 2100 of the 
BSB, UCSD School of Medicine, is open to any interested person. A registration fee of 
$31 will be charged for the s;,(-week series, 

The series will be coordinated by Dr. Igor Grant, an assistant professor of psychiatry at 
the School of Medicine, who says the reasons for a better understanding of 
schizophrenia on the part of the general public are substantial: 'IFirst, it is very 
prevalent, not only in our country but around the world. The worldwide figure is one in 
every thousand people, and in the United States fully a fourth of all hospital inpatients 
are schizophrenic patients. 

"Secondly, it strikes people just as they are making the transition into adult life, 
putting the productive years in jeopardy. 

" It is also very important," says Dr. Grant, "for us to know what the schizophrenic 
experience is like the ways these people suffer and how lonely they are." 

Other speakers in the course are also members of the department of psychiatry at the 
School of Medicine. At the opening meeting, Dr. Joel Yager will talk on the concept of 
schizophrenia and current definitions of terms. May 17 Dr. james Tenzel's topic is the 
inner world of the schizophrenic. 

On May 24, Dr. Grant will discuss biologic theories on the cause of the disorder and 
limitations encountered by researchers. Psychosocial theories will be explored by Dr, 
Gary Birchler on May 31 , drug therapy by Dr. Haig Koshkarian on june 7, and Dr. Grrant 
will review the entire series and entertain questions at the final meeting june 14. 

For enrollment information, telephone 453-2000, extension 2061 . 

Stone .. . C.ltlll.llllr ... pqll 
profess adheren.ce to a philophy which stresses the fact of perpetual change. This 
change implies revision of " doctrine and tactics", said Stone. This "system of perpetual 
change" has become, he said, " a system. of ,dogmatism':' . . . 

The solution to the problem of repression In these SOCieties, he felt, IS a ~yntheSIS of 
communist and socialist systems with afreedom of thought and expression. A new 
revolution, a revolt of the youth, might be necessary, he said, to effect this synthesis. 
Without such a synthesis the present repressive regimes " will be a prison ... harsher and 
more complete than any the human race has known before." 

Hendershott 
Awarded 

Dr. Myrl C. Hendershott, 
assistant professor of 
oceanography, Scripps in-
stitute of O ceanography, 
has been awarded the A.B. 
Wood medal and prize by 
the Institu te of Physics of 
london. 

Institute officals made 
the presentation in london 
on Tuesday May 1. 

The award is made an-
nually to a United States or 
United Kingdom scientist 
under 35 years of age for 
distinguished work in 
physical sciences 
associated with the sea. 

Dr. Hendershott is the 
second U.S. scientist to be 
so honored by the 
Institute. 

The first was Dr. Albert 
Beaumont Wood . He and 
his work were well known 
both in the U.S. and U.K., 
as was hb Interest in the 

y?ung~r scientist begin-
ning hiS career. 

Dr. Hendershott came to 
Scripps after receiving his 
Ph . D . from Harvard 
Uni versit y i n 1965. He 
specialized in studies of 
long-period waves in the 
se a . In 1970, Dr . 
Hendershott was invited to 
Venice, Italy, to lecture on 
ocean waves as part of the 
" Veni ce Project ", a 
program to save the water-
locked ci ty from periodiC 
flooding. 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

IMPROVE-your 
ABILITY THRU 

HYPNOSIS 
D. RAKOW 281-4586 
~ II nllHl 11111111111111111111111111 11111111111 11111111111111111111111111111 1I1I1II1111111II111II1ItIII! 
§ ~ I 1. iii~ Shanghai I 
= Mandarin & Shanghai = I fk j[ Style I 

. = Ch inese Restaurant = 
§ ,ft ;e. ~ E _~ ~ ;1".. 70% off dinner -_~ 

• ., . menu with student I,D. 

S ;i. it -t 1- M~~~~~y~:;~ST I i . .t+ 14- ~ )4· S~~~~A::?~~~JgR; 
~ . jf ~ J' ~ 1017 prospect ~ ~ 'I~ i4. -H 1t LA JOLLA i :: ,~1J" ~ f- 454-5806:: 
~ ~ 
ilnll ....... IIII111I11IH'III111I1111l1l11l1l1nIllIlIlIlIllIllIlIllIIlHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIF. 

Times may change. The world. 
The Church, But one thing never 
changes. Ou r need for each other. 
The sick, tbe poor, the despond-
ent are with us still but the Do-
minican Sisters of the Sick. Poor 
try to help, .. in their own way 
with Ibeir own gifts. 
Their mission is to nurse the 
needy in their own homes. Young 
and old without regard to race or 
religion. To care for the children 
Jeft adrift when illness comes.To 
keep families t08elher. To bring 
COmfOrl lO thc sick. Peace to the 
aged. And to bring Christ's love 
to ali, 

. It isn't easy to be a Dominican 
Sister of tbe Sick Poor but lhe 
rewllrds are far greater than a 
patient's smile. For now, this is 
reward enough. 
If you feel the need of a change, 
and you can accept a challenge, 
whv not find out more about the 

wO~Jt we do? 
The DomIDICIID 811ftn of tbeSkk 
Poor olftr I ualque opportunity 
to woJil In the Belli belewe assulll-
lac aoy oblla_llons. For Worm" 
tlon about the "-Illte PrcJII1IlII 
"'rite to: 
Sliter Mua~ MIkhtU, 
Voc:adon Dtreetor 
Room 10'1 
M.riIOIIIalt, o.m ..... 
New York l.56J 
... tII .... 
_ sa .... 

.................... ~oreannouncements .................................... ... 
Applications are now being 
accepted for the position of 
Station Manager at KSDT for 
next year. The manager, who 
will take office in July, is 
elected by the staff of the 
station and holds office for 
one year. There is a small 
stipend. Appl ications may be 
obtained at the Student 
Employment Office now 
through May 21 . (5/18) 
He Noa Lani Dance, Co. stu-
dent organization meets ev-
ery Wednesday for class at 
the Gym, No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m. Everyone invited/stu-
dents, stafflfaculty (E W) 
Senior Octavio Paz, well-
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, will be at UCSD as a 
Regent's Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 
time he will deliver a series of 
four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Spanish 
America and will give a 
public reading of his poetry 
with subsequent translations 
into English. 

PUBLIC READING 
Thursday, May 10, Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. HL 1449 
Old time dancing and music. 
Come dance squares and 
contras to live music. All 
welcom e. 8 :00 p .m. 
Thursdays at the Mu ir 
cafeteria. FREE. (EI) 

Repre sentatives from 
AETNA LIFE & CASUALTY 
will be on campus Thursday, 
May 10 , to talk with 
Bachelor's Degree can-
didates in any discipline 
about positions in manage-
ment training and Insurance 
marketing . Anyone in - _ 
terested in exploring careers 
in business and manage-
ment is encouraged to sign 
up for an interview at Career-
Education Planning Services 
(CEPS). 6th Floor, Bldg. 20, 
Muir College. Copies of Aet-
na literature are available 
also. (5/8) 
THE TRITON WARGAM-
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs. night in MC 506. We 
play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 
" Atte ntion All Mus ical 
Groups", On May t9, there 
will be a concert given on the 
soccer field . All interested 
groups call : Harvey Daniels 
or Hymle Munoz at 453-
2000, elx. 2107 or 2108. We 
need you to perform for 
"free" for 1/2 hour to t hour. 
(5/1 8) 
An exhibition of Renaissence 
plaques and medals from the 
Morgenroth Collection in 
Santa Barbara and fac-

similes of manuscripts by 
Leonardo de Vinc i and 
Nicolaus Copernicus will be 
on display In the Central 
University Library Lobby 
from May 1-20. (5/18) 
The Jew ish St Udents 
Association is sponsoring a 
weekend in the mountains, 
May 18-20. There will be 
dancing , sports, seminars, 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cost of $5.00, which also 
includes transportation and 
meals. There is more infor. to 
come, but if you 're in-
terested , call Joanne at 272-
5939. (5/19 ) 
The American Friends Ser-
vice Committee is preparing 
to organize a fund-raising 
effort to provide medical 
supplies and aid to Viet-
namese civilians. We urgent-
ly need the assistance of 
faculty, students and staff to 
help promote this non-
political, humanitarian effort. 
Anyone interested should 
contact Mark Siegel in the 
TRITON TIMES office , NW 
corner of Blake Hall, Revelle 
Campus, X1016, or leave 
your name and phone 
number. (5/1) 
Attention: All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
classified ads in this publica-

tion are free to cu rrently 
enrolled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed. 
All ads longer than this wi ll 
be reduced. We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi-
tion we are not responsible 
for any errors. Please make 
'sure to check your ad for 
correct ions the day it 
appears. Usually ads wi ll run 
automatically for two issues 
depending on space 
availabil ity. IMPORTANT!!! 
All ads must have your stu-
dent 10 number or they will , 
not be considered. If you 
wish your ad to be longer 
than the alloted space a 
small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewriters are 
availab te in the off ice . 
Deadlines are Mon. 9 a.m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed. 
5 p.m. for the Frl. Issue. The 
ads will go in on a first come 
first serve basis. 

The new UCSD permanent 
collection, featuring works by 
Van Gogh, Matisse, Monet, 
Chagall, Reno i r. and 
Cezanne, will be on display 
April 24 - May 16 in the 
main gallery. Gallery hours 
are daily from 12-5 and 
Wednesday evenings from 
8- 10 p.m. (4/24) 

" TO ALL GRADUATING 
SENiORS, REVELLE COL-
LEGE: Posted outside the 
Revelle Provost Office will be 
a list of graduating seniors for 
Spring 1973. If your name 

does not appear on the list 
please, contact Charlotte 
Cysner, Office of the Provost 
or call her at extersion 
2231 ." (5/1 1) 

Help Vietnam's Children through UNICEF 

~ 
'~~ , i f, ~ 

A motherless Vietnamese child-one of many thou-
sand s of small vi ctim of t he wa r -waits in his 
father's arms for help from the United Nations 
Children' Fund. UNICEF is planning major re-
habili tation programs throughout Indo-China, to 
rebuild chool ,orphanage and health centers, train 
nurses, teachel's and social wOI'kel's, and provide 
badly needed supplies. Public contribution may be 
sent to U.S. Committee for UNICEF, 331 East 3 th 
St., New York 1001 6. 

the daEtar's bag 
Address letters to Dr. Arnold Wer.ner, Box 974, East 
Lansing, Michigan, 48823, 

QUESTION: Is a feminine deodorant spray 
dangerous when used by a woman engaging in oral 
sex? Having the safety of my partners in mind, I thought 
I would drop you this note. 

ANSWER: Modern technology has improved our 
lives in many ways. However, aside from antibiotics and 
contraceptives, our genitals have not benefitted that 
much from the mechanical and chemical contrivances 
that have recently been marketed. Some devices such 
as vibrating dildoes are relatively harmless, whereas 
other mechanical devices, incluaing some penis ex-
panders, seem as if they have been devised by a berserk 
and diabolical Rube Goldberg. 

Feminie deodorant sprays are a misappl ication of the 
idea of living better through chemistry. Superficial 
simi larities between the armpit and the crotch have 
ap'parently led to treating them in the same fashion, 
which is a pit. The application of deodoran~ sprays to 
the sensitive tissues of the external Eenitalia and the 
vaginal area can lead to irritation and infection. I have 
no idea what they do to oral tissues, thou~h the mouth ; 
seems to be much heartier than the vagina. 

In the absence of a vaginal discharge, genital 
clea nliness is best handled br soap and water applied 
externally, If there is a vagina discharge, this sh,?uJd be 
specifically treated according to what is causing the 
discharge. The vast majority of vaginas stay remarkably 
clea n with relatively little attention. Another form of 
chemical assault is the use of harsh douches. Douching 

i~ rarely indicated except for the t~eatment o,f infe.c-
tiOnS, althou~h it may be helpful In preventing diS-
charges aSSOCiated with the birth control pill. A perfect-
ly fine douche for general use is made of one tables-
poon of household vinegar in a pint of warm water. 

QUESTION : M y father and I are very hairy. The hair 
is heavy and black. Every morning I try to get a close 

shave, but by evening the beard is well grown. I also 
made the mistake of shaving the hair on my' chest, and 
now I can't stand to let it grow back. I absolutely don't 
want to grow a beard. I would be happy if this heavy 
hair could be somehow reduced to light hair by a 
change in my chemical balance. 

ANSWER : Reviewing the whole bunch of letters that 
I have received over the last few years from men 
concerned about the amount of their facial and body 
hair, I find that yours is in the minority. Overwhelming-
ly, the men who complain about these matters are 
looking for more hair, not less. As you indicate, your 
great natural reso!..!rce appears to be genetic. In no way 
could the situation you oescribe be considered abnor-
mal. juggling chemicals to decrease the amount of 
body hair a man is endowed with sounds neat, but 
would also result in shriveling of your testes, decreased 
sexual drive and a high pitched voice. Your less hairy 
chest might also be graced by small breasts. 

Your dislike of beards is unfortunate and I don 't 
understand it. You could be saving yourself about two 
days a year shaving time if you had a beard. Your only 
choice appears to be to carry an electric razor w ith you 
and shave once during the day if it's that crucial that 
you are clean shaven. 

QUESTION: My fiance has been having sexual inter-
cour5e with a number of nameless women. This is not a 
sob story, but a desire for some facts . . 

Is it possible for a healthy man to have Intercourse 
with what appears to be a healthy woman and become 
the transmitter of veneral disease subsequently? If so, 
what types of disease~ could be ~r!lnsierred un-
knowlingly? And what IS the probability of such an 
occurance? Can a man be an unaffected and un-
knowing carrier of VD? 

ANSWER: Not only is it possible for VD to be 
transmitted by two apparently healthy people, but 
probably most people have no idea that they are 
infected at the time they transmit YD. Apparent 

anatomic considerat ions make it more likely for the 
woman to be a carrier of hidden venera l disease than 
the man. A painless sore that is characteristic of syphil is 
could be well hidden on a woman and an undramatic 
vaginal discharge can actually be a symptom of 
8onorrhea. In the man, the sore of symphihs on a pen iS 
IS usually immediately reco~nized and a gonorrhea 
infection produces excruciatingly pa inful burn ing on 
urination. In the time period before symptoms become 
obvious, the man can certainly infect other women. 

The probability of contracting venera I disease is 
entirely dependent upon who the women are tha t he is 
having intercourse with , or rather, who the men were 
that the women had intercourse with before they had 
intercourse with him. From your descript ion, you r 
finance's judgment is already suspect so I would not be 
optimistic about his choice of sexual partners. 

This brings me to what is clearl y the most difficult 
part of your letter. You and you r fi nance appear to 
have a number of major issues to get settled before you 
get marr ied. Veneral disease is rather easily treated 
with antibotics once it is d iagnosed, but a marriage 
"threatened by such outside infections does not lend 
itself to nearly so simple a remedy. 

QUESTION : A current trend on campus is to crush a 
downer anq smoke it mixed with marijua na . We were 
wondering if the burning of the drug w ould have any 
harmful effects on us. 

ANSWER : Any exh alted high achieved with the 
technique you describe is probably as much related to 
real ity as smoking banana peels was several yea rs ago . 
On the other hand, there is always the possi bil ity that 
toxic materia ls could be inha led with the smoke and 
cause considerable pulmonary irr ita tion. Aside from 
the use of marijuana and alcohol, o ther substances 
people are using to alter mood are potentiall y very 
dangerous. In addition, getting zonked on downers 
defies rational explanation. Not only is i t on the 
dangerous side, but it sounds likE' a co lossal waste o f 
time. 

Cooper's Separator Variations Come to LJMCA 

-

An exhibition of recent work by los Angeles art ist Ron Cooper will open at the la 
jolla Museum of Contemporary Art on Saturday, May 12, with a Members' Preview. 

It will go on public view the follo",:ing d ~y and cont i n~e .thro,~gh July 6. . . 
There w ill be six large pieces, entitled ' separator variatIOns by th e artist, occupying 

the Museum's main galleri es, The are se lf-contained environments of glass and colored 
fluorescent light. Each light sh ines upward upon the wall , crea ting broad areas of color 
which are separated from each other by sheets of pla te glass. A third color is visible 
along the entire surgace of the separat ing glass. 

While the major i ty of these pieces ca n be installed in any localion, the artist is 
creating one for a part icular space in the Museum. 

The current exhibition is the most recent development in Cooper's continuing 
concern with light, refl ection and !ransparency, whic~ he h ~s in common with othe~ l?s 
Angeles artists such as Robert IrWin and Larry Bell. HIS earlier works were geometric In 
format, made from layers of poured plasti ~, and mounted on the wall. 1 hes~ pieces ~Iso 
employed light from an outside source which was spread evenly accro s their reflecting, 
translucent surfaces. 

A number of dra~ings in p~n ci l and w:at.e! color, relat ing to the cre.a tit)~ to the act~al 
works will also be Included In the exhibition. Cooper, a youn artist With a tead ily-growi~g international reputation, was 'g iven a solo exhibitic n :: :~, r~ _ w..! _ ";; : .• : 
Museum and at the Gallerie Schmela in Dusseldorf, Germany, in 1971 . 

He has also been included in a number of internationally important exhibitions, 
including Documenta 5 in Kassel , Germany, last year. 

His work is in the publ;';: coil Clions, of such institut ion as the Stedelijk Mu eum, 
Amsterdam, Holland; the los Angeles County Museum of Art; the Chicago Art In ·t itut 
and the Guggenheim Mu um, N w York. 

This exhibition of Cooper 's work has be n organized by La Jolla Museu m ura tor, j ay 
Belloli, who r cently joined the museum's staff. 

Page 11 F~idax, ~ay 4" 1973 Triton Times 



........................... announceD1ents .................................... ~ .. 

Dr. Jacoo Sronowski of the 
Salk InS' itute for Biological 
Studies w i ll lecture on 
"Copernh;us as a Humanist" 
at 7:30 ~ .m ., Friday, May 4, 
In Sherwood Hall , 700 
Prospect, La Jolla. The lec-
ture is part of a Renaissance 
Symposium sponsored joint-
ly by UCSD and Salk Institute 
May 4-S. (S4) 
ATTENT ION A LL MU IR 
SENIORS : A list of Muir 
seniors who have declared 
their candidacy for spring 
1973 graduation has been 
posted in the Muir Provost 
office. If you are planning to 
graduate in June, please 
chedk the list to make sure 
your name has been added. 
The deadline for filing is May 
4th. Anyone filing after that 
date will be required to pay a 
late filing fee. Maxine John-
son, Muir Provost Office. . 

Friday, May 4, 8:30, 409 MC, 
Piano Quartet, jim stark, 
violin, rachel kam, viola , 
marlin owen, cello, jerri lee 
owen, piano . works by 
Schubert , Beethoven , 
Brahms. (S/4) 

A representat i ve from 
HOLLY STORES, the ap-
parel division of S.S. Kresge 
Co . w ill be on campus 
Friday, May 4 to interview 
students of all majors for 
positions in the Management 
Trainee Program leading to 
executive positions in store 
operation, merchandise, per-
sonnel and d istrict 
managers. Come to Career-
Educat ion Plann ing Ser-
vices, 6th Floor, Bldg. 20, 
Muir College to arrange your 
appointment and pick up a 
copy of the company 
brochure. (S/4) 

UCSD Madrigal singers, 8:00 
p.m. Friday May 4, 1973 -
Sherwood Hall, 700 
Prospect Street, La Jolla, 
California , Free and open to 
the public. (S/4) 

saturday 
Free Pub lic Seminar on 
ECKANKAR : The Anc ient 
Science of Soul Travel Satur-
day, May 12 in H.L. Aud. 
(S/11) 

A BOOK SALE will be held 
on Saturday and Sunday, 
May S & 6, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
on the entrance walk to the 
Central University library, 
UCSD. Many books in a 
variety of subject fields will 

services 
BMWSAAB 

CONTINENTAL MOTORS 
60t So HIli 

OceanSide 722·8114 
We servIce all makes 
ollo(elgn cars (EF) 

Live With an Engl,sh lamllyl Near Lon-
don Bklst eo Din Incl 525/wk/couple 
270· t(04 alt 6 (5/8) 

travel 
10th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EURC PE: Irom $239 round · tr lp 
JAPAl f tram 5359 round-trip. LA 
NY 61 7 e-way. S96 
Cail F ghl Chc'r,..~", E0 1 1~7 4246 
Overla Id Ave , Dept A. Culver City 
90230 (618) 

housing 
wante<, esa Apt to sublease 101 
summ'r (June 15·Sept 1&1) 755· 
2058 ,. Ings (Carolyn) 15/8) 
O.,n ·oom. prv t bat . Claire mont, 
S75/m,h. lem/cpl pref Call 277·2841 
or Rick x 1877. Brooke x 1956 (5/8) 
FOR RENT 8/20 to 9/20, Clrmnt 4 
bedrooms , 2 bath . S300 mlh 
nego laMbte Dave 453-8861 (5/8) 
Roommale for 3 BR 2 BA House In 
Clalremont Nice Yard. O.,n room. 
577 50 565·6740 AM & Ev s (5/8) 
Very Ig room share now to 6115, 285 
day 120 total dog okay Del ... ar and 
beach. 755·8464 (5/8) 

These components purchased 
Seperately Cost , , . . . . . 

High Performance Sound 
Bring the concert home to you wi th this high performance 

stereo system. We've carefully matched this system, with four 
great names combined to bring you the best musical perfor· 
mance possible at this price. Come in and hear this quality 
stereo system and bring your most demanding records to play. 

The Harman-Kardon 630 is a twin-powered AM·FM stereo 
receiver. Twin·power means a separate power supply and 
power transformer for each channel. This design feature 
enables Harman·Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
watts, RMS, per channel, both channels operating into 8 ohms 
with less than .S% distortion. INTERAUDIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music with dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigorous testing by the SYNCOM computer, the 
best speaker quality control system known today. The Dual 
121S-S automatic turntable is engineered with precision to give 
longer life to your records. The Shure M44·E magnetic cartridge 
with diamond stylus adds the finishing touch. The combined 
result Is sensational sound. 

harman /kardon 
Our Special System Price ,.".,",' 

(Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) 

.$722.85 
" $615 III 

be on sale at bargain prices. 
The Sale is sponsored by 
The Friends of the UCSD 
Library, who will use the 
proceeds from the sale to 
purchase much·needed 
books for the UCSD Univer-
sity libraries. Everyone is 
invited! (S/4) 

The Triton Wa rgaming 
Society presents the May 
MelleeSaturday May Sth . 1 
p.m.- l a.m. In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge Everybody 
welcome - come anytime 
featuring Napoleans Defense 
in 1813, a large scale multI-
player game. (S/4) 
Saturday, May S, 8:30 MC, 
Music from Kneare, gordon, 
julian, white. (S/4) 
PRE MEDS: On Saturday, 
May 12 Dr. Eugene Berns-
tein Will be speaking on his 
current heart research and 
how It relates to his clinical 
practice. This talk, spon-
sored by the U.C.S.D. Pre-
Med Club, is being given 
espeCially for pre -m ed 
students. Saturday, May 12, 
11:00 a.m., at the Multi-
Purpose Ro om, V . A . 
Hospital. (S/4) 

WAN TED 1 or 2 bedroom apartment 
or house to sublet for month of August. 
1973, Please contact Susan Or LoUIS 
Montrose, 453-237 1 or X2803 (5/4) 

WANTED I need a place to live thiS 
summer In Del Mar. Solana Beach or 
anywhera close I can pay up to 90 
bucks a monlh Call Lloyd 453·6902. 
(5/8) 
Nicely lurn. 1 or 2 bdrm. apt for 
sublease hom 6/ 19 to 8122 Near 
UCSD, LJ. Shores Rent negotiable 
Call 453·6743 (518) 

personals 
Baseball Nut Orcs lorever Love, 
Siohua (5/4) 
M J R Good luck In the nat,,,nal.

' 

I'll 
be cheering lor you. TAB (5/4) 
Annene FUOiceilo lives (5/4) 
HI Sweety, I would have mada a sign 
but lacked the faCIlities Happy 
Birthday MAC"I (5/4) 
Scan. You've been neglecting )<Our 
towel CR E E P 0 (514) 
Prima Therapy You've read the book 
Interested? Cali/Write Mike McLane, 
465 1 Castle Crest Dr LA 9004t (5/1) 

lost and found 
LOST Astronomy Fundamenlals and 
Fran lers Left In HL 1108 Thur 4/26 
Plea call Steve at 453·0884 (5/8) 

LOST Sterling .,Iver anklen With 
" Kathy" engraved on one IIde Contact 
Kathy 453·2683 Argo 408 (518) 

breier sound center 
3789 Park Blvd . - 296-0173 

Open Daily 9-5:30, Mon, & Fri. 9-9 

sunday 
" The UCSD 
CHAMPIONSH IP BRIDGE 

TOURr~AMENT will be held 
Sunday, May 6, at 6:30 p.m. 
In the Revelle North Dining 
Hall . A ll br idge players 
welcome. Refreshments ... 
prizes... entrance fee SO¢. 
For further information call 
Barry, 4S3-2209." (S/4) 
Tennis Club: Round-Robin 
Play on the Muir Courts at 9 
a.m. Sunday S/6. (5/4) 

Free tickets now available in 
Urey Hall for Ch icago 
Symphony String Quartet, 
May 13 at 8:30 in Revelle 
Cafeteria. (5/11) 

Sunday, May 6 , 3:00 and 
8:00, Sherwood Hall , La 
Jolla; Concert of Romantic 
Mus ic, Earl W il d , piano, 
Aileen Richards, flute with 
the La Jolla Civic/University 
orchestra. (5/4) 

Peter J. Wilson, a preacher 
from Salem, Oregon will be 
speaking at a Gospe l 
Meeting at the Church of 
Christ located at 4790 

LOST: Cross mechanical pencil 
clipped to spiral note/bk. in calele"a 
Fri . Apr 27. Initials MOW on it. 453-
5363 Mark. (5/8) 
LOST: Glove on !leld thur. 4/26 "Joe 
Wes" engraved on thumb. REWARD: 
Jim 755-3623; please (5/8) 

LOST - Blue down Jacket In Iront of 
Muir apartments Friday night. It tound 
please call Mark' 453-7387. (5/8) 

FOUND' A pair 01 glasses, Monday, 
USB Call 233·9650 and Identity. (518) 
FOUND Jacket. Tue eve Apr. ~4 , Art 
Gallery. UCSo Contact Gerry, 274· 
0028 (5/8) 
To the person who had cramps In his 
legs In the Blake TV Lounge Salurday 
April 28 II you lost some money; you 
can claim It 454-7041 (5/8) 
Elgin watch lost Tuesday night In main 
gym. It's a gilt Irom my dad Call Sal 
453·0992 (518) 

wanted 
Sublect needed for eKperlement on 
chOice Up to 20 hours a week $ t 88 
hour Apply M·F. 9- 11 or call X2047 
Bldg 2C room 4327 (5/8) 
Sell me a good used desk lamp 
(Neon?) or electrIC alarm clock. Karl 
453·3392 (mu" K·2) (5/1 4) 
WANTED' Two down sle Ping bags, 
also, t nt Call 270·2216 (518) 
Wanted A ride to Palo All0·San Jose 
are8 and back, any week nd, 112 gas 
453·4768 Dave (5/8) 

Seminole Drive (off 6400 EI 
Cajon Blvd .) - a few b locks 
east of San Diego State) . The 
meetings are nightly at 7:30 
through Saturday and Sun-
day 10 a .m. and 6 p.m. 
Everyone welcome. (5/4) 

monday 
PUBLIC NOTICE 

at ice: is hereby given that the TRITON 
TIMES. 117 Lower Blake Hall , Revelle 
Campus, UCSD, La Jolla, CA. 92037. has 
filed with the Student Employment Office 
in compliance with Chancellor William 
McElroy's rul ing of October 27, t972, • 
l ISting of jobs available for the 1973· 1914 
academic year. 

In compliance with the job ruling the 
foIiOWIn! listinll of jobs available in said 
offices " given : Editor·in-Chief, City 
Editor, Managing Editor, Copy Editor. 
Businl!ss Manager , Editonal Director. Arts 
Editor, Spom Editor, Photography Editor, 
Secretury. As I tant City Editor, A sistant 
Busi ness Manager. AS~ISlanl Editorial 
D irector. Assi tunt Sport Edito r. Science 
Editor . Secretarial Assi tanl ana 
Salesmen. 

Any per on Wishing to apply must first 
~ck up a referral from the Student Employ· 
ment Office. 2tO M C, and then present the 
referral to Corky or amy In the TRITOJ'll 
TIMES office M onday-Friday I 2:00-1 :00 in 
o rder to pick up an appl ica tion. All 
applications must be In by Ma)' 8. t913, 
12:00 nQU,1, he TR ITO TIMES IS AN 
Equal Opportunity Employer. All elected 
position, arc . ubject to final approval by 
the t)CSD Communication Board. 

WANTED lor taping: folk·blues LPs 
(Doc Watson , Gary Davis, John Fahey, 
etc.) Dave 453·8884, (5/8) 

I'm planning on backpacking and 
hosteling through Europe thiS summer 
and I'm looking lor an amiab le 
travehng companion (temale) . Call me 
and we can talk about datails. linda 
453·8249. (5/8) 

Need cooks for Intl Ctr African meal, 
May 27. '72 Afr an cooks, anyone, call 
453-6652. (5/8) 

BEES WANTED, Call Randy 755· 
7830. (5/8) 

KAYAK wanted . cheap, used one. call 
Sua at ext 1133 bet. 8-5, eves. 755· 
1298 (5/4) 

My 4 mo old Lab Is a gas, my Indlrd 
Isn't. Do need a Irlend lor "Star" need 
one too 41 06 Bonner HaiL (5/4) 

for sale 
custom german·made air manress 
Sleeps 2 adult . $2500, 273·8791 
(518) 

1962 VW Bug New tire., AM·FM, 
dependable transportation 5275 MIA 
X2119 . 274·8913 (5/8) 

For Sale . Spalding "smather " 
aluminum tenniS racket. Gut stringed 
Excellent condlllon, only $25 (new 
$50) Call 225-0887 Iff r 5 '30 p.m 

Weekly firesides, Monday 
nights 8 p.m. Lounge below 
Muir Commons All are 
welcome. Sponsored by 
U.C.S.D. Baha'i Club. (E/I) 

Professor Leo Kanowitz , 
Hastings College of the Law, 
will speak to the LAW AND 
SOCIETY (Interdisciplinary 
2S) Class on Monday, May 7, 
at 4:30 p.m. in USB 2722. 
His subject will be Women 
and the Law. Open to in-
terested students and faculty. 
(S/4) , 
Soaring Club ground school : • 
Mon. S/7 in 2C-ll 1 0 at 7:30 
p.m. All are welcome. (S/4) 

Representat ives from the 
california state personnel ~ 
BOARD will be on campus 
Monday and Tuesday, May 7 
and 8 to talk with Bachelor 
Degree can d idates (or 
graduate students) regarding 
opportunities for JUNIOR 
STAFF ANSLYSTS 
positions. These positions 
are primarily in Sacramento 
and are in four general work 
areas: personnel analysiS, 
budget analysis, manage-
ment analysis, and program 
analysis. The common base 

FOR SALE: '63 Volkswagen carT1per, 
rebuilt engine, transmission. reduction 
gears - AM· FM radiO, S700/0I1er, 
488-5485. (5/8) 

FOR SALE: Knee length leather coat, 
size 10-12 . 510 .00 . 453 - 4999 
evenings. (5/8) 

Heritage Ilute, French system With B 
loot, Mint condition. Call Alan at 466-
6652, or 239-5825. (5/8) 

Quality AM·FM Stereo Tuner, pertael 
cond o Call 453·5269. (5/8) 

2 steel belied radials - 2 Ilber.glass 
belted IWes. Good VW parts 453· 
1742; 273-9984, Tim. 

'71 Honda CB 450, Excellent condo 
90.000 Miles; Mech Pert. $750. 453· 
1742, 273·9984, ask lor Tim. (518) 
FOR SALE: Parakeet (male) Cheep, 
Call 453·6112. (5/8) 

'65 MGB Must 881110 pay rent. Michelin 
radials, radio. runs great - needs 
muilier. 755·19~5 (5/4) 
'58 vw Bus needs body work $300 or 
best oller. ~53-5153 (51~) 

Spalding aluminum tennis rsquct·41'l" 
grip; cover Incl VG cond o 522.50 -
call Dave 453· 1951 . (5/~ ) 

FOR SALE Fender electric steel 
gUitar Ask lor Ken ~53-5667. (514) 
Ruuall Surtboilrd - excellenl condl· 
tlon length - 6'2" wldth-19" asking 
565 or best oller Cell ~53 ·8815 (5/~) 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, May 4, 1973 

among all jobs i s the 
analytical thinking required . 
The difference lies primarily 
in the application of the 
analys is . Descr iptions of 
each position and-further in-
formation is available at 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
20., Muir College. Come by 
to look at their literature and 
to schedule your interview. 
(S/8) 

general 
A new series of HATHA 
YOGA classes and 
MEDITATION classes will 
begin in Del Mar, Pacific 
Beach, and at UCSD. For 
details call Mary Bardone 
4S9-397S. (S/11) 
Honorar Professor Herbert 
Marcuse will be guest lec-
turer for Tuesday's (May 8) 
Scr i pps Inst i tut ion of 
Oceanography, University of 
Californ ia , San Diego , 
Departmental Seminar. The 
seminar is scheduled for 
3 :30 p . m . i n Sumner 
Auditorium on the Scripps 
campus in La Jolla. Hon. 
Prof. Marcuse, formerly 
professor of philosophy at 
UC-San Diego, has chosen 
as his subject, "Remarks on 
Sc i ence and Soc ial 
Change." Although Scripps 
departmental seminars are 
usually held each Monday, 
the Marcuse lecture was re-
set for Tuesday. The public is 
Invited to attend , and coffee 
will be served. (S/8) 

SEX AND THE 
UNIVERSITY. A series of 
weekly public d iscussion 
programs sponsored by 
UCSD Women, held each 
Thursday at noon at the 
International Center , 
Matthews Campus. An open 
forum - bring your Ideas on 
these controversial issues: 
May 10 - "Fourth College: 
An Open Door to Equality?" , 
Dr. Roy D'Andrade, chair-
man, Fourth College Plan-
ning Committee. May 17 -
" Women ' s Civ i l Righ ts 
Organizations and Equal Op-
portunity at the University", 
Repre sentatives of the 
National Organization for 
Women , Women's Equity 
Action League , a nd 
Women's Caucuses . May 24 
- "The Outlook for Women 
at UCSD" , Chance llor 
William D. McElroy. Bring 
your lunchl Br ing your 
friends! Bring your ideasl 
Share your views! (S/22) 
A seminar on "Women in 
Science" will be presented 
Wednesday at 6:30 P.M. by 
Dr . Hannah Fr ie dma n, 
professor of B io logy at 
UCSD. (S/8) 

High cost 01 meat a problem? Spear· 
gun $40 sell lor 520, like new, call 453· 
8925 (5/8) 
FOR SALE: Pioneer SX·626 Stereo 
Receiver. 6 mos. old . Absolutely 
pertect condition . 5260. Call Paul 453· 
3743, (5/8) 
AKC Irish Setter pups , Champion 
sired , 8 weeks, shots, $100 or best 
oller, 273-2826. (5/6) 
'69 BUICK SPECIAL automatic w/ alr, 
rad iO. p. steering, Excel. condo 51500 
Linda or Gary 222-41 27. (518) 
Wagon, '67 Ford, 10 passenger, $550 
or best oller, V8, radio hitch, rack & 
carpeted, good condo 4535817 Dan or 
465·6000. (518) 
1600 cc VW eng.lextractor. In pert 
condo Just rebuilt . $265. 453·1742, 
273·9984; ask lor Tim. (5/8) 
GUITAR, nylon' string , Excellent can· 
dltlon, 545. Dave 453·8884 or apt. Q3 
(518) 
Pregnant Dairy Goat, E.cellent Milker, 
Make oller, McKerrow, 755· 7268. 
(518) 
Pick up w/camper shell; '87 Ford 
$t250 or best offer. V8 , hitch, 
carpeted, super condo ~53-5817 Dan 
or 465-6000 days & eves. (5/8) 
1962 !.IGA 1622 Mark II Roadster, 
competition rebuilt, top ml. extras 
Larry .1005, Pet .1748 (5/8) 
Sony TC-366 3 head tape deck. Ex· 
cellent condo S 150, 272-4735. (5/8) 
'71 Ford Super Ven, Camper EqUIP 
InterIOr Paneled, 453·2000 .2567, 
~384 37th SI San DiegO (5/4) 


