
Professor Madrid Denied Bid for Accelerated Tenure 
Kathy Kuenzi 

Dr. Arturo Madrid, Spanish literature assistant 
professor at Third College, has been denied a bid for 
accelerated tenure, by recommendation of Vice-
Chancellor Paul Saltman, and Chancellor McElroy. 
Madrid, a well-known speaker and leader in the 
Chicano community and teacher for three years at 
UCSD, now is the center of a controversial tenure 
discussion between MECHA members, third world 
faculty, and the UCSD administration. 

The literature department at Third College 
recommended Madrid to receive a tenured position at 
UCSD upon receiving notice that the University of 
Minnesota had offered Madrid a professorship, with 
tenure and a substantial salary raise. The Spanish 
section would like to have him remain on campus, 
because of his "well-thought-of teaching ability and 
relationships with students in his field", as confirmed 
by Dr. Carlos Blanco Aguinaga, faculty member in the 
department. According to Dr. Blanco, one of the 
original founders of the Spanish literature section at 
UCSD, " ... within his milieux, his field, Madrid is a 
highly respected individual." 

This tenure bid comes halfway between the usual 
seven year period that is allocated to assistant 
professors to do research and produce a certain high 
standard of both academic material and student and 

, community involvement. Vice-Chancellor Saltman 
cited Madrid as "not having produced any papers in 
the last five years since his Ph.D. nor other research 
projects that could illustrate a possible approach to the 
UC tenure stipulations." 

"Arturo Madrid is not being fired," Saltman pointed 

Dr. Arturo Madrid, professor of Spanish 
literature, has been denied tenure at UCSD. 

Volume 18, Number 20 University of California, San Diego 

Brightman Discusses . 
Transcribed by Greg Moser 

and Michael Sesma 

What is the situation like on the inside at Wounded 
Knee? UCSD Acting Associate Professor Lehman 
Brightman was at Wounded Knee, and in the following 
interview he describes the attitudes and emotional 
climate, the politics, the reasons behind the rise of a 
militant Native American movement, as they all relate 
to the current Wounded Knee situation. 

Brightman, a member ·of the Third World Studies 
Program at Third College, initiated the first Native 
American Studies Program in the United States, a 
program at UC Berkeley. 

Also president of the United Native Americans, it was 
in this capacity that Brightman went to Wounded Knee, 
South Dakota, to represent the UNA at the secession of 
the Indian Nation, and al50 to form a coalition with 
other Native American groups to effect a Pan-Indian 
movement. 
TRITON TIMES: The FBI Agent who got wounded in 
the hand, was that a result of the battle started byfiring 
from the FBI, or by Native Americans? 
Brishtman: It was started by the government. 
TT: When were you there? 
Brishtman: I was there Friday night, then Saturday, 
then again Sunday. The first thins we noticed is that the 
Native Amer!cans are keeping all the booze and dope 
out. They come right out and tell you that if you got any 
booze or dope, you'd better gl"t out because they don't 
want any in there. They:ve got a very good tight 
security force, keeping track. They're doing the best 
they can with what they've got. 

When we came in Saturday, there were four postal 
inspectors, miles out of their way, who supposedly just 
happened to be checking mailboxes there in Wounded 
Knee, South Dakota. And they all had .357 magnums on 
their bodies. A .357 magnum is an especially powerful 
pistol. It shoots a very powerful shell, which - hell, it'll 
go through about an inch of steel, or so. And they're all 
carrying these. The Indians took the guns away, lined 
them up, searched them, kept their weapons and later 
ran them off the reservation. Then they caught two 
guys who just happened to be hunters. They had pistols 
and rifles on them, and they were hiding out nearby. 
They were caught. The Indians took their weapons 
away and ran them off. So if this keeps up, the Indians 
m!ght eventually be able to supply a few of their own 
With weapons at this rate. It seems the government is 
deliberately taunting those people by coming in with 
those armo~ed carriers and settins up ro~dblocks to 

Wounded Knee 
deny them food , water and medical supplies. 
TT: How many people do you think are in there right 
now? 
Brishtman: I would say Sunday, while I was there, there 
had to be about a thousand people or more. 

Saturday and Sunday the troops had withdrawn, and 
a lot of people came in to visit. They came in for the 
historic announcement that Wounded Knee had 
withdrawn from the United States and· declared 
themselves an independent, sovereign Sioux nation. 
They sent delegates immediately to New York. As a 
matter of fact, I helped take two of the delegates out of 
Wounded Knee by car into a nearby indian community 
called Porcupine. There they had a meeting and drew 
up the document which will be presented to the U.N. 
At that time, we helped them get into Rapid City. 
They're going to the U.N. to see if Wounded Knee can 
get sanction seceding according to the Treaty of 1868. 
TT: What do the Native Americans think of all the white 
people who are there? 
Brishtman: Nobody really said anything. They were so 
tickled about what was happening that nobody m~de 
any comment. There were Black students there, some 
Chicanos and some Anglos and everybody was so 
involved in trying to maintain the place and keep it that 
nobody paid any attention to racial strifes or 
whatever ... 
TT: What impressed you the most about the sitation at 
Wounded Knee? 
lrithtman: Nobody was depressed, they were all 
happy, full of vim, vigor and vitality. They weren't 
worried about the government coming in and trying to 
shoot them to death. And they were especially elated 
when they seceded from the Union. 
TT: How are the people spending their days? 
1rishtm.n: They're digging bunkers, trenches. They're 
clearing out debris. Others are making themselves 
homes. They've got work details. Some of the wom n 
are heloing to cook, washing dishes. Th men all have 
to stand guard duty at one time or another. 
TT: Are they all prepared for major confrontation? If 
one came would they give? 
Irfshtman: 
I don't think they'd ever give up. They'd have to be 
overrun. Their spirit is too high. Some of the ones with 
weapons have made vows they're going to fight right to 

Continued on pase 3 

out, "but merely being denied tenure at this point. He 
has the option of accepting the Minnesota offer, or 
continuing in his teaching position here at UCSD, with 
our aid in his scholarly pursuits, namely money and a 
summer lecturership. Tenure must be reserved for 
those · who are devoted human models of honest 
investigation in their field - and have the ability and 
make the effort to relate their creative endeavors 
through publications." He stated that a wide range of 
authorities were consulted, which included Chicano 
individuals although no names were given . 

Although Saltman states that "this is not an issue of 
Chicano prejudice, nor would it be for women, blacks 
or any other minority professor in this situation," 
MECHA students and certain faculty have suggested 
otherwise. Saltman, during questioning, was con-
cerned with this student reaction, and its potential to 
"cloud the actual tenure issue." In essence, Madrid has 
not at this time fulfilled this administrative ideal, in his 
academic pursuits, yet it is felt by Saltman that he has 
the academic ability, could be reconsidered within the 
next four years, and therefore is under special con-
sideration. " 

On the other hand, both the Chicano group and 
Affirmative Action committee feel a need to investigate 
this situation further because of the possible dis-
criminatory behavior of the Administ ration toward a 
smaller academic field such as Spanish literature. Last 
week, members of MECHA met with the Vice-
Chancellor in order to discuss the grounds for denial , 
and dissatisfaction with Saltman's statement remained 
high . . 

Dr. Madrid was not available for comment. 

Friday, March 16, 1973 

UC Student Lobby 
Greg Hicks 

What is the UC Student 
Lobby and how does it 
function? How is it possible 
to get involved in the Stu-
dent Lobby? Many 
students are ignorant of 
these matters, although the 
Lobby is a very important 
means for student par-
ticipation in the passage, 
defeat, and formation of 
legislation which affects 
the school they are a part 
of, 

The function of the Stu-
dent Lobby is to work for 
or against legislation which 
affects the University of 
California. The people who 
do the actual lobbying are 
students . The intern 
program is the core of the 
Student Lobb)(. Students 
who have been selected as 
interns, after a short period 
of orientation, take up 
research and advocacy ac-
tivities. The research work, 
which allows the student to 
get a number of credits 
(usually from eight to fif-
teen) for his term as intern, 
consists of research into a 
speci fi c issue or aspect of 
California state govern-
ment. 

Perhaps a more exciting 
function of the intern is to 
lobby for or against 
legislative measur s. Some 
of thes lobbying activiti 
are dir cted toward 
guiding Lobby I islation 
through a particular com-
mitt e. U ually an intern is 
al 0 involv d in ing a 
p ifi pi of I gl lation 

through from it in eption 
to th floor vot which 
d t rmin it fat . Th 

activities involve di s-
cussions with legislators 
and testification before 
committees hearing the 
piece of legislation. 

In order to ensure that 
the positions on legislation 
which the Student Lobby 
takes reflect the views of 
the students which it is 
uppoed to represent, the 

Lobby has established the 
policy of a yearly referen-
dum on the nine cam-
puses. The students are 
given a chance to express 
their views on such matters 
as the continuation of tui-
tion , environmental 
protection, student finan-
cial aid, and faculty pay 
increases. 

Among the bills with 
which the Student Lobby 
has been involved is an 
EOP appropriations bill, 
which was dropped 
because the amount of the 
appropriation was not con-
sidered within reasonable 
bounds . The Lobby 
reported in August of 1972 
that it had "initiated ap-
proximately 12 bills during 
the pre ent ession" and 
that it had "taken formal 
position cof support or op-
po ition un at least 20 
others." In July of 1972 the 
fir t bill whi ch was 
authored by, introduc d 
for, and dvo ated b the 
tud nt Lobb wa ign d 

into law. The r ult of thi 
bill (whi h d al with ta u 
tion of A UC prop rt ) ha 
b n a ombin d arly 
aving of $30,000 for U LA 

and B rk I y. 
Continued on pag 3 



Summer Internships 
Applica tions are being taken for students interested 

in participating in the Department of Agriculture 
Summer Internship Program . . 

UCSD will be making 10 nominations to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, and all appl ications must be in by 
March 21. 

Two nominees each ' will be considered in the 
following fields : 

I) Administ ration (Business, Account ing, Manage-
ment, Personnel, Psychology, Foreign Trade) 

II) Agricultural Journalism (Mass Communication, 
Writer/ Editor) 

III ) Computer Sciences, Data Processing Computer 
Programming, Systems 

IV) Social Sciences (Psychology, Sociology, Ed uca-
tion, Foreign Language) 

The requirements for application are : 
·AII nominees must have completed 60 semester 
hours by June, 1973, or must be current graduate 
students. 
·Undergraduates are required to be in the upper 
one-third of their class. 
·Graduates must be in the upper one-half of their 
class. 
·Nominees must be U.S. Citizens. 

• Students interested in applying fo r these summer 
internships should contact the student employment 
office immediately. All applications must be in by 
March 21 . 

Parents Weekend 
Muir and Revelle Colleges are each planning a 

program that will bring parents to campus for the 
weekend of April 27, 28 and 29. Muir has sent a letter to 
all parents regarding their tentative program, and 
Revelle will be doing so soon. 

Students, parents, and college staff are involved in 
planning a program that will be responsive to 
questions, concerns, and interests Clf parents of 
freshmen or upperclassmen . 

The emphasis will be on trying to understand what 
the college experience means to students, what it is 
preparing them for, what it is doing for them 
professionally or personally. It is hoped that parents 
will be able to hear from other students as well as their 
sons and daughters, faculty and staff about the impact 
of the educational experience here. 

Muir students involved in the planning are en-
couraging parents to stay in the residence halls versus 
area hotels, to get closer to the student perspective. 

Jim Beckley and Ernie Mort, the Muir and Revelle 
College Deans, want to hear from students who would 
like to be involved in the program and in planning it. 
Tentative ideas about the programs are available at 
their offices. Deans Beckley and Mort, along with 
students currently involved in this program, hope you 
will urge YOl' r parents to come. A more detailed 
schedule of el ents will be outlined early in the Spring 
Quarter. 

Fina1s Week Relief 
For all ucs') stud nts who find that finals wet.k I~ 

oppressive anri anxiety-filled, there is now a little relief. 
The Revell ::; uest-In- Residence Committee will be 
showing thret free films during finals week. 

On Tuesda'" March 20th, " Bridge Over the River 
Kwai" will be sHown in the Revelle Cafeteria at 8 p.m. 

On Wed nesday, March 21st, also at 8 p.m., " MacKen -
na's Gold", starring Julie Newmar and Gregory Peck, 
will begin in the Revelle cafeteria. 

The last movie to be shown will be "I Love You Alice 
B. Toklas." It will be aired at the same time and place 
on Thursday, March 22. It sta rs Peter Sellers. 

All movies will be free and all students, faculty and 
staff ar invit d to attend. 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, March 16, 1973 
. \ 

Feminist Film Festival 
Three local feminist groups are presenting a festival 

of films by and about women March 29 & 30 at the 
downtown Y.W.C.A., 1012 "C" Street. 

The premiere showing of "Anais Observed: A Film 
Portrait of the Woman as Artist", a feature-length film 
about the writer Allais Nin, will highlight the festival. 
The film explores Anais' relationships with Henry 
Miller, Otto Rank, Caresse Crosby and others. Anais 
also discusses her art with a group of young women 
writers from UCLA. Ms. Nln is noted for novels (II Spy 
in the House of Love, The Four-Chambered Heart) 
exploring the feminine psyche; for an early book about 
D.H. Lawrence (D.H. Lawrence: An Unprofessional 
Study, 1932); and, since their publication in 1966, for 
her diaries, vols. I-IV, detailing her friendships with 
literary and artistic "greats" in Paris and New York City 
from 1931 to 1947. 

There will also be three original shorts by California 
women filmmakers, including UCSD graduate student 
Eileen Grillin's satire on consumerism, "The Golden 
Crotch." 

The festival is a joint benefit sponsored by Artists' 
Exchange, a network of artistic women in all fields; 
GOODBYE TO ALL THAT, San Diego's feminist 
newspaper; and the San Diego Women's Center. Free 
refreshments will be served and moviegoers are invited 
to come early to tour the Women's Center and to enjoy 
an art exhibit by members of Artists' Exchange. 

There will be one showing Thursday, March 29 at 8 
p.m. and two showings on Friday, March 30, at 7 and 9 
p.m. Donation will be $1.75. Tickets are available at the 
Women's Store, 4157 Adams Aevnue, or at the door. 
For further ticket information call Holly at 453-2884. 

John Gardner Speaks 
John Gardner, former Secretary of Health, Education 

and Welfare and current chairman of Common Cause, 
will speak at a luncheon on April 4. The luncheon will 
be held at the Hilton Inn, Mission Bay and the cost will 
be $4.50 per person. 

Tickets for the luncheon, which will begin at 11 :15 
with a no-host bar, must be ordered in advance from 
the San Diego League of Women Voters, 2454 4th 
Aevnue, San Diego 92101 , before March 30th. 

Cal-Pirg is co-sponsoring the luncheon along with 
the League of Women Voters, Common Cause and 
several other organizations. The topic of Dr. Gardner's 
talk will be "The Role of Citizen Action in Changing 
Society." 

At 7:45 p.m. at Aztec Center on CSUSD, a general 
membership meeting of Common Cause, at which 
Gardner will speak, 'fill be held and is open to the 
public. 

T. V. Sex and 
Violence 

Charles Unkeless 
Dr. Percy Tannenbaum discussed "Sex and Vilence : 

Arousal Research in Visual Communications", at the 
Medical School auditorium last Thursday night, March 
8. . 

His lecture attempted to define the effect of sex and 
violence portrayed by visual media on its viewers. Do 
violent television shows instigate violence or do they 
release aggressive tensions? Is there a relation between 
pornography and the rate of sex crimes? 

Dr. Tannenbaum, a well known and influential 
communications expert, is currently teaching at UC 
Berkeley Graduate School of Public Policy. 

His Resea rch has political significance because its 
publishers include the Commission on Obscentiy and 
Pornography and the Surgeon General's Scientific 
Advisory Committee on Television and Social Behavior. 

Dr. Tannenbaum fee ls that the effects of violence 
and sex in films is negligible. He feels that judgmental 
bias is the only basis censors have to decide what 
material is harmful. He hesitates to make 
generalizations about his own research. He did men-
tion that crime statistics in Denmark after the legaliza-
tion of pornography indicated a decrease in sex crimes 
while other criminal behavior was increasing. 

As part of Tannenbaum's research, he provokes 
emotional responses through films produced to vary 
aggressive and erotic content. He also set up response 
situations to observe overt reactions. 

In discussing some of the results of his research , Dr. 
Tannenbaum concluded that a generalized arousal, 
e.g. watching a violent film, in a person presidposed 
towards violence can increase a violent response. He 
also found that a subject with altruistic motives might 
be inclined to give more help to someone after being 
aroused by a violent film . 

Tannenbaum believes that emotional states are 
physiologically simila r but psychologically different. 
Arousal from one stimulus can trigger a psychologically 
different response . Tannenbaum us s a physiological 
basis to measure intensity of motion . 

He found that purely erotic films were more arousing 
than aggressive film s. A combination of s x and 
viol nee was most stimu lating, according to Tannen-
baum's find ing. Also, d letions of film segments and 

Continued on page 3 

Vietnam Aid 
Students concerned over the post-war aid to Viet-

nam, now have the opportunity to become involved in 
the agency of their choice. The agencies listed are 
especially involved with assisting children . 

IIMERICAN FRIENDS SERVICE COMMITTEE - Mr. 
Charles R. Read, 160 N. 15th Street, Philadelphia, Pa. 
19102. (215) 563-9372. Operates a rehabilitation center 
to provide physical therapy, reconstruction surgery, 
artificial limbs for the war-injured civilians, including 
children . AFSC plans to carry out major humanitarian 
assistance programs to all areas of Vietnam. 

CARE - Mr. Franklin E. Irving, Director of Donor 
Services, 660 First Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10011. (212) 
686-3110. Engages in food distribution programs for 
children in primary schools, orphanages and day-care 
centers, and a nutrition program using liquid milk to 
increase the dietary intakes of children. CARE plans to 
expand these programs, other self-help projects and 
medical assistance throughout Vietnam, as well as 
assistance to the Montagnards. 

CATHOLIC RELIEF SERVICES - The Most Rev. 
Edward E. Swanstrom, 350 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 
'10001 . (212) 594-9300. Engages In food distribution to 
schools, orphanages, refugee camps, nurseries and 
day-care centers. Qperates nutrition programs for 
mothers, Montagnard and Vietnamese home 
economic teachers, and assists vocational training 
schools. Plans to expand these programs and other 
refugee and socio-economic projects. 

CHURCH WORLD SERVICE - Mr. Boyd Lowry, 
Director, Southern Asia Division, 475 Riverside Drive, 
N'ew York, N.Y. 10027. (212) 870-2200 

LUTHERAN WORLD RELIEF - Rev. Dve R. Nielsen, 
Director, Far East <lnd South . Asia, 315 Park Aevnue 
South, New York, N.Y. 10010. (212) 677-3950. Both 
jointly sponsor a program called Vietnam Christian 
Service which conducts cooperative programs for the 
return of children from orphanages to their homes; 
gives financial help to Montagnard and Vietnamese 
elementary and secondary school students, and 
provides funds for education of refugee children and 
pre-school children; assists children recovering from 
plastic surgery at various rehabilitation centers and 
hospitals. 

FOSTER PARENTS PLAN INC. - Mr. Keith Turner, 
Director-U.A.A., 352 Park Avenue South, New York, 
N.Y. 10010. (212) 685-0700. Provides welfare assistance 
including financial aid, commodities and regular 
guidance by trained social workers to Foster Children 
and their families. Makes funds available to the 
children and their families for education, self-help 
endeavors and emergencies. Also provides medical 
assistance to children. Plan to expand the above 
programs. 

INTERNATIONAL RESCUE COMMITTEE - Mr. 
Alton Kastner, Deputy Director, 386 Park AVEnue 
South, New York, N.Y. 10016. (212) 679-0010. Operates 
day care centers, vocational and technical centers, 
medical and surgical programs for the war injured 
inclu ding children. Trains refugee women in child 
feeding and hygiene to operate day care centers. 

MENNONITE CENTRAL COMMITTEE - Mr. Robert 
Miller, 21 South 12th Street, Akron Pa . 17501 . (717) 859-
1151. Conducts hospitals for children as well as other 
civi lians. Provides financial aid to elementary and 
secondary school students: Also provides family/ child 
assistance and vocational training. 

SAVE THE CHILDREN FEDERATIONI COMMUNITY 
DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION - Mrs. Barbara 
Capelle, Program Officer for Vietna'm, Boston Post 
Road, Norwalk, Conn. 06852. (203) 847-4524. Assists in 
multi-family community projects to help communities 
to raise their standards, thereby providing better op-
portunities for education, health and welfare of the 
children . Operates Multi-Purpose High Impact 
Program in selected areas for increased productivity, 
social development and environmental improvement. 

SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST WHFIIRE SERVICE, INC. 
- Mr. C.E. Guenther, Executive Dir., 6840 Eastern 
Aevnue N.W., Washington; D.C. 20012. (202) 723-0800. 
Operates schools and a hospital giving free in-
noculations to children. Provides medical supplies, 
food and clothing to refugee camps, orphanages and 
prison camps. 

WORLD RELIEF COMMISSION, INC. - Mr. George 
Dowd, President, P.O. Box 44, Valley Forge, Pa. 19481. 
(215) 7B3-0556. Operates child feeding program in 
refugee centers, vocational training programs for 
orphans and needy children, medical programs in 
refugee centers and a children's hospital. 

Closure of Matthews 
Campus Roads 

lyman Ave. from Myers Drive to a point Northwest 
of Bldg . 409 (Matthews Cafeteria) and the short con-
necting road from Russell Drive to the parking area 
North of the Student Health Center (Bldg. 302) will be 
closed to all but emergency and service traffic effective 
March 27, 1973. 

Thes closings will reliev traffic, noise, and safety 
problems which ar seriously interfering with Student 
Health C nt r, classroom and administrative functions 
in Matth ws Campus. 

Wounded Knee ... 
Continued from page 1 

the death. Yet in the face of all this you'd be shocked at 
the humor of the Indian people. They're making all 
kinds of jokes. One of them asked me to bring in a new 
pair of levis. The seat of his old ones were all ripped 
out. He said, "If I'm going to die, I'm at least going to 
die in new levis." 

TT: What do you think will be the major factors of 
change within the native cultu.re? The approach used 
by the AIM or UNA? ' 
Brightman: Probably a combination of the two. You 
can use violence only in certain instances, militant 
activities, I mean. And in others you've got to use 
legis lation, and a softer approach. And if you can't get 
anything through negotiation, you have to resort to 
other measures, such as violence or militant activities. 
I'm not in favor of using violence unless all else fails. 
But Black people would still be sitting in the backs of 
buses if they hadn't resorted to militant activity. It's 
healthy for young Indians to take part in things like this, 
instead of building up high scuidie rates, or turning to 
booze or whatever. There 's no booze out there 
[Wounded Kneel no dope. 

I think what's happening now is a ~ood indication of 
what to expect in the future . Out there you've got a 
group of very angry, frustrated young Indians, who 
don't want to sit around another 140 years and wait on 
times to change. They've got much more education 
than their mothers and fathers. They've got much more 
awareness of what has happened to them in the past 
and what is going to happen to them in the future. This 
is what America is going to face in the future - a very 
angry, educated aware young man, or woman, who 
wants to change things for the better, now. 

TT: When you were in Wounded Knee, what were the 
current demands of AIM? 
Brightmlln: One demand that appeals to all the Indian 
peoples across the nation is that they want a review of 
all the treaties that were signed with Indians, which 
needs to be done badly, because the treaties were so 
fraudu lent. Many of them were never ratified, which 
means that they are not even legal. For example, those 
with Californ ia Indians. 

Another thing the Indians want is a full investiga tion, 
a congressiona l investigation of the Bureau of Indian 
Affai rs . This is direly needed because the BIA is so 
corrupt and incompetent. They've done so many things 
wrong over the years and they don 't protect the Indian 
people who they're supposed to be looking after. 
These demands are not unreasonable. It wouldn ' t cost 
any money to investigate the BIA and review old 
treaties, but evidently Federal officials don't want to 
make any concession at all. 

TT: Why? 
Brightman: I think that the Feds realize that, if they 
ever get some congressmen or senators, or whoever 
does it, to look over those treaties, they're gonna find 
that probably one-third of them are not legal. They 
were never ratified; that means the land was illegally 
taken from Indians and that possibly much of this 
country still rightfully belongs to the Indians and that 
Native Americans need to be paid for it or given the 
land back. • 

Another thing, if they investigate the BIA, they're 
liable to uncover a lot more misappropriations of 
money and find out many other ways where the BIA 
has not protected Indian rights. For example, where 
they've stolen the water rights from Indiands in 
Arizona and New Mexico, and where they're allowing 
the Bureau of Reclamation to come in and build dams 
on Indian Reservations. It's getting to the point now 
where almost every major Indian Reservation in the 
Nation has a dam on it. 

La Jolle 'a Moat Enterte/nlng Plano Lounge · 

THE VELVET HAMMER 
featuring 

Maxxin. and David 
(Flute, Guitar & Vocals) 

Tom Long 
at the Piano Bar 
5728 1.1 J,UI Blvd. 
1.1 JoIlI, 454·7813 

TT: Do you think the coalition between your organiza-
tion, the UNA and AIM indicates that Indian pe nle are 
unifying? 
Irlshtm.n: Definitely. We're developing what you 
might call a Pan-Indian movement. In the past, each 
Indian tribe had traditional enemies - the Sioux and 
Chippewas, Sioux and Crows, or whatever - we're 
breaking down these old tribal rivalries. It doesn't 
matter if you're a Navajo or a Chippewa - we're 
Ind ians. This is the thing, we're accepting each other 
and helping each other, where before each tribe 
fought alone. .. 

TT: Is there anything that supporters in this area can do 
to help? 
Brightman: Yes. If anyone can donate some food , start 
a food caravan to go from here back there. Also, 
whatever money they can donate to start a fund , as 
we've done in UNA, to help gather food. In fact we've 
got an office set up in Rapid City, South Dakota, in 
which we're gathering food, clothing and money, and 
then taking it into Wounded Knee at intervals, 
sneaking it in. 

If anyone wants to send anything, they can sent it to 
412 Eighth Street, Rapid City, South Dakota. The phone 
number is (605) 348-2686. 

Student Lobby ... 
Continued from page 1 

Kevi n Bacon, a co- the Lobby in Sacramento of 
director of the UC Student student opinion. 
Lobby, says that " there are 
several areas to which the Stephanie Harris , the 
Lobby will be devoting its campus coordinator for the 
atte ntion thi s sessio n . Student Lobby, says of the 

UCSD annex that it "has Among them are : UC 
budget, financial aids, just gotten started but has 
Master Plan, and collective had some input to the Sacramento office, es-bargaining." In general, he 
says, " besides developing pecially with regards to 

gra d students, ethnic 
and strengthening our ties minorities, and the State 
with the legis lature we 
mu t k d Master Plan." Right now, s see common groun 
with members of th e she says, the annex is 
Reagan administration . working on the organ iza-
This will go a long way to .tion of a legislator on cam-
secure the f pus program, which would passage 0 b legislation which will ring legislators to the 
benefit the students." The cam pu s tot a I k wit h 

students. It is also "trying 
overall aim of the Lobby's to get students interested 
activities, he says, is to en-
sure " that student needs in the internship program 
and concerns are in Sacramento which is 

vital to the annex's translated into actions." 
I d t . I t development." A central n or er 0 Imp emen 

the intern program and get problem at this stage, she 
students involved in and says, is "a lack of student 
informed about activities in participation wh ich is 
the C a I i for n i a s tat e necessary" for the survival 
legislature, annexes have 
been set up on each of the 
nine UC campuses. The 
function of the annex in-
cludes the distribution of 
legislative information to 
the students, the selection 
of interns, and informing 

of the annex. 
For any st udent in-

terested in getting involved 
in the Stud ent Lobby, there 
are meetings on 
Wednesdays at 5 p.m. in 
the 3rd Floor Lounge, 
Tioga Hall . 

Sex and Violence ... 
Continued from page 2 
blips in sound tracks were more arousing Ihan no 
deletions. Although he developed an index for arousal, 
the research does not claim a definite relationship 
between arousal and overt reaction. 

Dr. Tannenbaum expressed the need for further 
research into the nature of vicarious experiences and 
arousal stimulus. At the present time, says Tannen-
baum, society can only wrestle inconclusively with the 
problems of sex and violence in the media. 

The discussion was the fourth in a "Communications 
and Society lecture series" sponsored by the Third 
College Communications Department. 

Sell Your 
USED BOOKS 

a+ +he 

----

. _ ......... 

. BOOK :STORr 
MAmtEWS CAMPUS 

EXTENSION 1360 

Mar. 21 
12 ,13 

, tI 

Non-Text 
~~~9h~~t 

15% 

12ND ANNUAL WOODY GUTHRIE BENEFITa ,MARCH 17 SAT (§J ~ JESSE Eo' DAVIS ' :g;~~:::oney I 
l2J JERRY McCANN Huntington 's ~ lEI . Chorea 1m 
l2J ONE SHOW ONLY AT 8:00 P,M. 1m 
lEI . • .-. I '4 !§J 
I§) . 'MARCH 18 SUN !§J 
I§J WILL GEER JOHN HARTFORD I I '. ELiCIA CORY GARY WHITE I~ 
';;' ONE SHOW DNL Y AT 1 :00 P.M . ~ I ;Concert tickets at The Waterworks, 3838 Mission Blvd. !f;I 

~ Ind the La Paloml Bookstore. $3.00 Idvance, $3.50 It door. ~ 
1:;:,1 •• • • s. 
I§J MARCH 19-25 MON thru SUN (§J I THE RULING CLASS 7:00 8 :45 & tt : 15· 1 
I§) BAD CDMPANY (§J ~ . 1m lm MARCH 26-APRIL 1 1m 

~ ~~:~~~~. SAVAGE MESSIAH 1m L THE MUSIC LO.VERS 8:450nly I ~- ~ ~- PACIFIC COAST HWY AT " 0 " f:!!:If:!!:I g g f:II,Q .~",. ENCINITAS . 753.3955 ~~ 
FRIDA Y FLICKS 
Scaramouche 
and 
Start the 
Revolution 
Without Me 
75¢ 
7:30 & 
10 p.m. 
USB 2722 

7:30 p.m. 
USB 2722 

Lord have a 
Duck 

and 
Even Dwarfs 

Started Small 
SA·TURDA Y FILMS 

Tickets: 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 12-4 Tues.-Fri. 

And At The Door 

SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 
Uigh spirited 

of urgent desires 
-DON,. ASK ~ 20) by Mich""I I'r.". man. 'magin. I film wilh an un. 

predicl.hl. . u"'.... <.try t s ".,c· 
unll,. Wilh 1"'"1 .kill il ', .n om.· 
~inJ: film .huu' In ordi~ry guy 
cOIughe ,n the midst or tin ullt:ndinl 
!!It, ..... '" uf incredihle ev\·nl~ . 
W'C;G LE YOU R EARS 1201 ,I • •. 
ring 1 ht lilli. 1Usca1, IJi,,·clcu hy 
Hat Kuach. rhiJ is .he IlilariHII ~ 
talc u( tu01 hll!'5.trr; H . ..,ry .".11., ahu~" 
pbin M.ry and k .... h« tur .uy 
Jeon , ... in It: .. lo .. ,. Meanwhile ral 
J_ph Inn lu tum how 10 wiaI< 
his un lu caplure Mary ' IU.nlion. 
HONEYMOON LANE (45) by Vin· 
cenl Gft1Iior. .. is III< frnl IIl&hl 
ur IUft for III< IW() yuu", newly. 
_do. They und..,.. and kiIiS .nd 
""..,. .ech Olher. All or I udckn 
III< btdroorn ....... ope... and in 
........ lallllllililll blat" rIIIn . " ...... 
"'eIy noIced. The.- _Idles hYDfftl)~y • hla IIrtde II10Wl ~. 
od 10 be ...ted off. This is jusl 
the hctIDnl", of M"-yrnoon 
une". 

CEURO WILLY dS) by Ihe Co,-,; 
vas of Wonck ... n.. Con...,. 0 
Wnnckn is Iw., very funny IIerkeley 
.. lirilt.· WinJlow Thrill and Karl 
Truckload. They become <ourt 
jellen 10 Ih. S.F . rock group . 
playi", I"" major ballrooms .nd 
restivil . Th.ir ro .. 1 film " Mlri· 
ju .... H. II" In 'ric OboOI c.il dope 
dcllen ..,ducin, the wom." .. r Am· 
. rk l - wt:,11 up ill $20.000 w",lh 
uf ,_I '",dtinl Imokt. nd now 
"Cedro Waly" COIIIH ., ... , 10 c.i •. 
pull lhem 10 IDlemalio ... 1 r ..... -it·, the .Iory ur a poor ckrorTlled 
.,,,,han who .....,1. M.!.n;' Itondle-
knoc:ka, !he Pri of h .. dreo ..... Ind 
rli,n'" the ~ of lueena Ih'OIIIh 
III< lllue" .nd ....... of 1OC;'1y • 
lhe _y 10 lhe .... MY lop. ''Sharp-
ftl _lire Ii .... Ltrony Brutel Hu .... 
... lik., Ihis CoIn dian&" your lif. !" 
- lbiIpIo J. G"-

&3 ALBUMS BY THE 
('0 (;RES5 OF WO OERS 
WIll DE (;1 EN AWAY 

f UT.A: ~HEf")RAWING J _ FORA 
-----------WATERBED 

MIDDLEARTH CANDLES ! 
& A ~AI.O' MNTS (~.) noM _ IBt 

' ''VI ... ''I)' . 

Page 3 Friday, March 16, 1973 Triton Times 



17 
CONVENIENT 
LOCATIONS 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER 
THIS COUPOII WIRTH 011 

FREE CHAR-BURGER 
WITH PUICHASE OF lIE AT 
OUR REGULAR PRICE Of 49C 

(TOASTED SESAME EGG IUN, TASTY LARGE BEE" 
PATTY, ToPPED WITH FlUSH LETTUCE, TO MATO, 
AND OUR SPECIAL SAUCE.' 

GOOO AT ANY OF OUR 17 LOCATIONS , Exph-a 
Ap(iI 15. 1913 

MeAT 
Aev;ew and pract;ce testing ~r%, ~ ~ 
Medical College Ad~i~e~. 

~ ~ree bro~~ure, write 
~ . IilATE STUDIES CENTER 
'r division of The Minehart Corporation 

P.O. Box 386 New York, N.Y. 10011 

~----~----~ CI~~,"A L~() 
~:U4 fAl:NroT "~ u-=(~ ) 
()UAT CLI) MlM~§ 

now playing 

Brother Rat 
Ronald Reagan • 

and 
Jane Wyman 

plus 

Dust Is My Destiny 
John Garfield 

and 
Priscilla Lane 

Sund~y M~tinee/Student Discount 
Box Of/ice opens at 5:30 488-3353 

Such A Deal 
We stock the following types of film . 

EKTACOLOR RAPID 
INFRARED PRINTFILM 110, 12 
FOTOMAT PRINTFILM 110·20 
KODACHROIAE II 116 
VERICHROME PAN 120 
KODACOLOR·X 126· 12 
KODACOLOR II 127 
KODACRHOME X 126·20 
EKTACHROIAE X 135.20 
PANATOMIC x 135-36 
HIGH SPEED EKTACHROIAE 616 
PLUS·X MINOLTA 16mm 
TRI·X 50 FT 35mm 
FUJICOLOR N100 100 FT35mm 
AOFACHROME CT'1S 620 
OAF 6< COLOR SLI()1;FI.IA 826 
FUJI CHROME R· IOO t REGULAR 8mm 
HIGH SPEEO EKTAC~ROME TYPE B 8mm IAAOAllNE 
OAF 200 COLOR SlI'JEFILM SUPER 8 
OAF SOO COLOR SLI?E'FILM 220 
KODAK 2HS RECOF 01110 FILlA 
HIGH CONTRAST COP'" FILM 
KODACHROME II PFOFESSIONAL TYPE A 
MINOLT.6. 16mm FillA 

Bring this ad in alld 'f'! will (Jive you one free roll with the 
purchase of a like ole at our regular discount price. POlaruid 
& Bulk films not j"C/uded. 

BUY IOtlE ROLL OF FILM, 
GET , NE ROLL FREE. 

Offer good on ly with this ad at 
FO OMATQ 

UllVERmY CITY CAMERA TORE 
4083 Governor Drive 81 Genesee 

IeIephone 453-5753 
Hours: Monday·Frlday 10-7; SalUfdayll·6; Sunday 11·4 

Hurry! Offer expires on 
Saturday, March 24th. 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, March 16, 1973 

Black Dreams 
Brandon Wander 

Black movies are flood ing the silver screen these days 
with splashy red-white-and-blue images. Dashing black 
men are aglow in the pummeling they inflict upon 
white honkies , Spigots of red blood, blotches of blue, 
mark white men as losers. What's happenil'lg, is a race 
war being fought with ketchup before the real stuff 
flowsl Bunuel has said that dreams are not symbols of 
reality, but reality. Are these movies, especially the 
ones produced outside established studios, the dreams 
of black men? 

Most white critics and Roy Wilkens black critics have 
taken pot shots at these flicks . These are tackey 
exploitation movies, pure propaganda, made bacuse it 
sells. They give the black man a bad image. They're 
violent prone, sexual beings struggling in a jungle for 
the white we lath that's supposed to bring happiness. 
Unc:Jltured men in flashy suits, imposing, shadowy 
hats. Their lives filled with dashes of sex, drugs, alcohol, 
diamond-gloss cadillacs, and meetings with the man. 
These critics say it's a bad motherf- g image, a 
dangerous image, one that should be swept away. They 

, hope it isn't the real image. 
These flicks are popular. They're intellectually thin. 

Exploitation is the critic's lament. Exploitation and 
malnutrition I think nought; these movies make white 
audiences figit, blacks hide their hydrox cookies. They 
project abrasive, biting emotions in a hard-edged 
manner. The resulting case of honky nerves vary from 
flick to flick , little in "Super Fly", uneven in "Hit Man", 
and smeared throughout "Black Caesar." 

The first approach in dealing with these jittery 
movies is to take the cosmetic approach. White critics 

. draw a line of blood to flicks that represent the current 
violence-as-art genre. They Just aren't as finicky as 
experts like Peckinpah, who swagger into scenes, fret 
how intestines are strewn, slow down slaughters ("The 
Wild Bunch") into ballets of American machodom. But 
as "The Getaway", "The Mechanic", "Sitting Target", 
and others make their rounds, it's apparent they 
diverge from the black movies. It is a thoroughly white, 
decadent imagination that they depict. They are 
removed .£rom what does matter in white society into 
providing entertainment for a dissolute, Roman pop-
ulation. 

Black movies are less arty; they spill guts in as gutty a 
fashion possible. The sett ings are not bizarre wierdo-
hippie scenes, as in "The Mechanic", or are they 
springboards for romantic 30'5 desperadoes. "Superfly" 
and "Black Caesar" spira l about Harlem, "Hit Man" 
low-rides from a used car lot in Watts. Wh ile white 
flicks aren't particular about whose blood spurts, it's 
five to one odds that if you get it in a black flick you 
ain't no soul brother. The black movies do have a 
romanticism, mythifying super blacks, but this part 
attaches to the cismetic leve l. The underlying sense, 
skimming the shades and tap sa le shoes away, depicts a 
black man st ruggling against a swirling parasitic world, 
a white world. 

Hit Man and Black Caesar, and less for Superfly, are 
the warrior leaders of a ghetto state. The arena is 
Darwinistic, where only the big tough ones survive. The 
black Ulysses uses whatever means and cunning he 
possesses. Invariably, the weapons given the black 
warrior are the same violent social mechanisms white 
society has used to control him. The warrior chosen to 
be white society's champion is none other than the 
police. All three movies end with a confrontation 
between a corrupt, racist policeman and the black 
hero. The black wins. In "Superfly" he uses cunning, in 
" Black Caesar" it's brute force, and in "Hit Man" it's 
muscle and luck . The thin blue line, usually portrayed 
in collusion or synonymous with the mafia and pimping 
empire, is what keeps the blacks down on the farm, 
away from whites, all whites. There is never any 
distinction, o r even the thought raised, that in this get 
nigger world there might be nice, liberal, or radical 
whities. Good whites don't exist in the sch matic world 
cA black dreams. 

"Superfly" is the least toxic movie for whites. From 
the first shot of Ron O 'Neal, Superfly, snorting coke 
from an Ank spoon, driving a gold-plated superfly car, 
there's a way in for wh ite drea ms. An amorphous 
attraction to coke charisma builds among drug-
oriented hippies. His confrontation with police draws 
hoots of support. But Superfly ain't out fighting for 

d~ugdom. He's playing "The only game the white man 
has left us to play." Scatter, an old cook with a flop hat, 
is to set up a 30 key deal to buy Superfly some time to 
be free . But the main man, the supplier, is a tic that 
sucks you dry or kills you dead. Rejecting his partner's 
acceptance of the American Dream, "Eight track stereo 
and color tv in every room - that's it ain't it nigger," 
Superfly trains for the moment of truth match. Curtis 
Mayfield soul jive opera score wa-wa's toward the final 
scene. The main man is the police commissioner, and 
like Daniel Webster and the Devil, he's come to collect 
on the contract. With gun to his head, Superfly defeats 
the perverse kingpin (with his faggot son and fat-
legged daughter the only white teens mentioned in 
flick) . Superfly has taken out a $100,000 contract with 

w~ite killers on superpig's all-american family if one 
hair is shed from his glorious head. 

" Hit Man" is the blackest movie, the most diSjointed, 
and the hardest to understand. Tyrone Tacker is the 
warrior, played by Bernie Casey, 6'4" ex-spl it end from 
the L.A. Rams. George Armitage, screenwriter and 
director, sinks into the LA low-life as Tyrone tries to 
revenge his brother's mysterious death. We start in a 
whorehouse stocked with black beauties. Tyrone is the 
only black, in his wide-brimmed hat, among a sea of 
decadent white businessmen. He finds his brother's 
real superstar baby, "his main thing (with heavy 
emphasis on "ng" "ma" sounds)." 

This 'movie is totally fragmented, like a dream. It 
disregards making sense in a white logic tradition. The 
language is in colorful dialect. A series of tacky, gritty 
scenes in exaggerated proportions, its singular image is 
that of a proud black animal, slinking with gun, stalking 
the terrible white prey. Being non-literate in design, 
the message is more fe lt than heard. 

"Black Caesar" is the scariest movie. Fred Williamson 
is a football linebacker sta nding 100 feet tall. He draws 
"right-on's" from the black theatre audience. He's got 
his sHit together, man. He's big, he carries a bigger gun, 
he set up white murders by black gunners since he was 
a Harlem shoeshine boy. The . black killer is his Big 
Brother figure . James Brown screams in quiet, haunting 
jerks the title song "Down and Out in New York City." 
Larry Cohen produced, directed, and wrote it - the 
only way someone can make a movie like this. 

The story centers about Black Caesar's rise to power 
in Harlem, wresting control from the Mafia and the 
police commissioner pig who broke his leg as a kid 
over some pay-off loot. There's a photo collage as 
Caesar walks among his people. James Brown sings " Be 
a Bad Mother." Kids applaud their idol. Black Caesar 
exterminates the wh ite rats, all of whom a re fat, 
wallowing in luxury. The Harlem JUNGLE HAS TURNED 
THESE BLACK MEN INTO Tarzan supermen, far out-
classing thei r seedy overseers. ,The theatre audience 
applauds each victory. 

Black Caesar buys the apartment where his mother is 
a maid. He gives it to her as a present, and throws the 
former landlady'S min k coats off the balcony. It's his 
symbolic putdown of American life. When the white 
woman returns to get laid by him, he throws her out. 
The blacks in this and the other movies will not sleep 
with white women for they lie too far below their 
dignity. 

The final scenes are the highlight of the three 
movies. It is hypnotic, and extremely operatic. The 
stage is uncluttered and glows in a dim light. It is not a 
natural scene. Black Caesar has already been shot by 
Capt. McKinney's men. He's coming to get McKinney. 
This scene is an epiphany, the highest moment in 
dreams of the communal black mind, seeped in the 
torture that has washed his life. The black warrior has 
come to slay whitey. 

Black Caesar opens the door to the murky stage. He 
limps in, a gun snaps to the side of his head. It 's 
M Kinney. He's tickled to death. He caresses the gun 's 
trigger. Caesar holds his breath. McKinney pulls Caesar 
across the floor and points to a shoeshine kit, partially 
in shadows, lying under an erect American flag . Before 
he dies, he is to give the titillated Commissioner one 
more shine. On his knees. Spit on the shoes. A dab of 
polish. Dirty your hands. Black Caesar swings up, 
knocks the gun away, and with the shoeshlne box, on 
the altar of the American ideals, smashes in the police 
commissioner's face beyond recosnitlon. 

Basic Fat 
Hank Steiman 

"Fat City", directed by John Huston 
("The Maltese Falcon") is a film about 
the lives of two small town boxers. Ernie 
Munger is a promising young fighter on 
the wag up in the fight game, while Billy 
Tulley is the older bqxer approaching 
thirty and attempting to make a com-
back in the ring, despite the fact that he 
spends most of his time bumming 
around and getting drunk. The film, shot 
entirely on location in Stockton, Califor-
nia, is based on the book fat City by 
Leonard Gardner, who also wrote the 
screen play. 

"Fat Cit/' is quite successful, I feel, in 
its simple and straightforward presenta-
tion of the lives of a few particular 
people who are simply going nowhere. 
ThroughOut the film there is a tremen-
dous feeling of despair and also 
pessimism particularly as you watch Billy 
Tu lley, who hopes of fighting again but 
instead, because of his lack of discipline, 
is hopelessly working at odd jobs and 
spendi ng his money getting boozed up. 
The "Fat" in the title has no thing to do 
with overfeeding one's face, but refers ' 
rather to the obvious abundance of wine 
and women in the town. 

Stacy Keach (he was the cop with the 
stomach problems in "The 'new Cen-
turions") is superb in his portrayal of 
Tulley. Keach's performance is low-key 
and yet so natural. " Believability" is an 

extremely important part of filmmaking 
which tends to be ignored at times. The 
film audience while viewing a film, at 
some point must somehow be able to 
accept or at least come to an understan-
ding with the characters, story, or 
perhaps the staging of a film . Keach's 
performance, as well as Jeff Bridges', 
who plays Ernie Munger, gives the film 
its credibility and naturalness. Another 
notable performance in the film is by 

. Susan Tyrrel, who received an Oscar 
nomination ar d a package of Alka 
Seltzer for her role as Uma, the town 
lush . 

Director Houston, who at times has 
been criticized for a lack of discpline in 
his filmmaking, has in "Fat City" quite 
admirably succeeded in capturing the 
feeling of isolation and hopelessness of a 
few lackluster people who are simply 
trying to get by and survive another day 
of life. In the final scene, Keach realizes 
his predicament as he and Bridges while 
sitting in a coffee shop turn around to 
observe a group of shabby looking 
characters sitting at tables playing cards. 
It's at this point that the two characters, 
particularly Tulley, realize that they're 
going to end up like the card players, 
and this realization is the most somber 
and disturbing point in the film . 
, Finally, "Fat City" is a film you can 
take_your kids to see, and if you don't 
.have any kids then take your plumber. 

Hollow Be Thy Name 
Tom Lindberg 

One of the themes of Peer Gynt, the 
comedy without song presently doing 
battle here at UCSD, is the magic of the 
theater - both the joy and the in-
sidiousness of it. And with an ap-
propriate irony this rhythmiC, boisterous 
show illustrates that point with preci-
sion. The magician in residence is Eric 
Christmas, who has directed this fantasy 
saga of the adult life of Peer Gynt wi th 
an uncanny sense of what dramatic 
effects will dazzle the eye and 
mesmerize the mind . The magic is un-
derscored by the level-headed handling 
of space through Dan Dryden's set and 
lighting design; the thrust stage is driven 
to the bri nk of overstress to accom-
modate a crowd of characters, all 
weaving in and out of the instable and 
essentially inexpressive mind of Peer as 
he searches for an identity. The bravura 
of this parade is itself essentially in-
Sidious, because it seeks to disguise a 
greater hollowness than Peer's head 
alone. 

Chris tmas has assembled a large, 
motley cast to invade Peer's con-
Sciousness, combining ta lents to confuse 
and conget the proceedings. They speak 
Ibsen's lines with competence, em-
bracing the listless rhythm and near 
rhythm of the voicing as if it were their 
Own; but loyalty like this is sadly mis-
used. As trolls, lunatics, mourners, and 
assorted stra ngers enter the scene from 
left, right, low and high to offer advice, 
acceptance and identity to Peer, the 
hollowness comes dear. The lessons in 
I!fe pile up : "the main thing in life is to 
fill your gut", a troll's goal is to " be 

eh~ough'" but for man, he should "be 
Imself. " 
Peer ram bles through his phan-

tasmagoria like a saint, virtuously ex-
plonng the limites of his ability, but hever stepping beyond his fantasy to test 

Is theories concerning relevancy. The 
closest he comes to facing the issue of 
what he is doing with himself is his 
all gorical examination of an onion; he 
slowly pels off its layers, one by one 

tossing aside the fantasies which could 
have been his, and discovering that what 
remains is a pungent, offensive, useless 
mass. He has filled his gut with the 
longings to find himself, his adventures 
carrying him around the globe and 
through his adulthood, filling but never 
satisfying. The backlasn in the entire 
proceedings is that while Peer wanders 
.Iike a lost sheep in search of a master, 
someone to acknowledge his selfhood, 
he is all the time being himself. We are 
wrongly led to assume that he is without 
se lf when he is actua lIy a very convi n-
ci ng idiot. Conditioned by the demands 
of his culture he searches in vain for 
something right before his eyes; his life 
may be an onion peeled to the core, but 
what is left . is not a nonentity, just a 
nonsequitur. Peer Gynt epitomizes the 
failure of everyman forced through the 
universal mold which states the con-
ditions of life and identity; the premises 
are established and infallible, but the 
consequences remain insufferably loyal 
to an untouchable self. We think that we 
can only conform, an insidious fallacy. 

The staging of this moral congestion is 
an overwhelming challenge. Christmas 
moves hi s characters through the 
proceedings and across the stage with a 
forced airiness, the space stretched to its 
limits to handle the crowd, and the 
result is an intriguing but overworked 
choreography. This skill, coupled with 
Peer Gynt 's skillful misinterpretation of 
himself, only emphasizes the vacuity. 
This large band fills the stage to ac-
complish its overwhelming task by 
overwhelming the audience. Chris Ca-
naan does an admirable job faking 
idiocy as Peer Gynt, and Carole Marget 
is marvelously bitchy as Aase, but their 
skill, like that of the director, only 
crowds the fantasy setting with em-
emptiness. The busywork of this parade 
is off the mark; as Aase says, "something 
glimmers in the distance", but the 
flicker dies before becoming distinct. 

Performances run through the 
w kend. 

Get Ready For Spring 
SKIS • SKI BOOTS • SKI WEAR • RENTALS 

BACKPACKING AND CAMPING GEAR 
SPRING AND SUMMER SPORTSWEAR 

SKI SALE TO BEGIN APRIL 1 

~'([!.nnllu®TIll~ 
959 HORNBLEND ST. PACIFIC BEACH CALIFORNIA 270·3610 

The Hobbit's House 
announces a 

Grand Opening Sale 
MEXICAN BLOUSES, SHIRTS 

AND' DRESSES 5250 and up 
IMPORTED RUGS 

51900 and up 
Also have Navajo & Hopi Jewelry 

Prices are 
flexible, so 
we'll bargain 
if you want 
an item 
badly 
enough! 

The Hobbit 's House 
A Unique SIIop 

Canterbury Corner 
Camino Del Mar at 10th t. 

755-3396 
uthentic Indian Jewelry. Navaho & Zuni 

Potted Plant Imported Rug ntique Import 
Quallt Handmade Imported Clothes 

Potted r'laht Import LL T LOW PRI 

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 
Page 5 Friday, March 16, 1973 Triton Times 



Brightman Indian In or Indian 0 
Ron Kennedy and UCSD Nati,e American Students 

2. Brightman is the PreSident of United Native 
Americans, a national Indian organization which was 
created to respond to the needs of Indian people. 

3. Brightman has been called to testify twice before 
the Senate hearings on Indian education. 

4. Brightman, in conjunction with UNA, has in-
vestigated Bureau of Indian Affairs IJnarding schools, 
including Chemewa, Intermountain, Stewart and 
Pierre. The findings of these invest igations ha.ve been 
printed nationally and include such practices as: 

a) disobedient Indian children are being hand-
cuffed and chained to their beds by BIA 
employees. 

NAACP! Harvard law School which recounted the 
findings. 
b) a presentation of the findings to the Senate 
Committee on Education, the Secretary of the 
Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. 

Brightman has been active in matters dealing ex-
. elusively with Native American affairs. We do not 

believe objection can be taken to the fact that Bright-
man is working for the betterment of the Native 
American people in a constructive, positive and real 
way. 

When Brightman was hired Fall quarter, the ad-
ministration knew he was working on his Ph.D. 
Currentl y, Brightman is in the process of completing 
the requirements for his advanced candidacy. They will 
be finished by May 15. Many professors, such as Roy 
qgawa and Cossaro Sanchez, are hired when they have 
completed their advanced candidacy requirements for 
their Ph.D. 

. covers the major events in Indian 
to 1630. The other is baSically a 
rse which covers the development 

programs relating to Native 
broad spectrum of contemporary 

the mater ia l taught in these 
in anyone book or source. It 

through five years of extensive 
aspects of Indian Affairs. 
wh ich is important in the decision 

n, considering his outstanding 
\.dlIIUIII.,und in the racial breakdown of Third 

This breakdown obtained from Dr. 

'INHALE!' 

Right now there is one Native Amer!can in a teach~ng 
position at UCSD - lehman Brightman, acting 
associate Proff'Ssor in Third World Studies. Brightman 
was first hired over the telephone, four days before Fall" 
quarter began. We believe the reason he was hired at 
all was because a civil rights complaint was filed against 
the University for employment discrimination against 
Native Americans. Between 40 and 50 million dollars in 
grants could potentially be withheld from UCSD, if it is 
found that affirmative action requirements are not met. 
Specifically grants from the National Institutes for 
Health, the National Science Foundation, Atomic 
Energy Commission and the National Endowments for 
the Humanities could be cut off if minorities are not 
hired in compliance with the equal employment title of 
the 1964 Civil Rights act. The civil rights complaint 
pointed out that there was blatant . discrimination at 
UCSD in regards to Ind ia ns . Consequently, the 
pressure was on the administration to hire a Native 
American and Brightman was the choice. Provost 
Watson denied that he was under "pressure" to hire 
Native Americans, when quest ioned by Brightman. 

b) Thorazine, a powerful depressant used in treat-
ment of schizophrenics, is injected into Indian 
children as a punishment for getting drunk. 
c) Cases in which BIA personnel have sexually 
molested young Indian girls have been uncovered. 
d) The quality of education at BIA boarding 
schools is very low. For example, the teachers are 
inadequately trained, the libraries have few books 
which, in most cases, can not be checked out, and 
corporal punishment is used indiscriminately in 
the classroom. 

It was verbally implied that Brightman would teach as 
a half-time HE until he was an advanced candidate, 
and. next Fall, be hired full-time at UCSD. It is now two 
weeks until Spring quarter begins. Brightman has not 
been notified if he will be employed at UCSD next 
quarter, despite his inquiries. Considering he has a wife 
and two children to support, it should be common 
courtesy to notify him within a reasonable time 
whether or not he will have work. 

""."'r·~n(Brightman) High Concentrations Found; Lettuce Seized 
maintained Spring Quarter, there ' 

ican professors either atThird or Mon,Otor 4 Scandal Uncovered although there is a great need for 
The second quarter Brightman was rehired , again 

with short notice. Provost Watson told Brightman there 
had been "great response" to his classes and Dr. 
Watson wanted Brightman to offer them at UCSD. 

needs of Native American students at 
for relevant Native American 

filled by lehman Brightman 
rtllltl.ielle if Brightman is not rehired it is 

itical discrimination, based on what 
Provost Watson as Brightman's 

aSI~.~louIO like to note : 

A few weeks ago, we went to see Provost Watson to 
ask if Brightman would .be rehired for Spring Quarter. 
Dr. Watson said Brightman may not be rehired due to 
his "national reputation." 

This Tuesday, Brightman asked Watson just what was 
meant by his "reputation." Watson replied "Oh, come 
now, Brightman, you know you've been active in the 
community." 

5. Brightman, in conjunction with UNA, has con-
ducted investigation of government employment prac-
tices in the offices of Welfare, Unemployment, Civil 
Rights, Fire, Police, .etc. The results of these in-
vestigations have statistically shown that these 
Departments and offices discriminate against Native 
Americans in both job employment and the rendering 
of services guaranteed to Native Americans by law. 

There are two important factors which should be 
considered in the decision to maintain Brightman. First, 
his academic proficiency and ability to teach effectively 
and informatively. Dr. Watson acknowledged to Bright-
man at the end of Fall quarter that both of Brightman's 
elasses had received a good response . Furhter, accor-
d ing to Watson this response was a basic reason 
Brightman was rehired for Winter Quarter. Additional-
ly, more students enrolled in Brightman's classes 
Winter Quarter than in the Fall, despite the fact the 
classes were not listed in the Course Schedule. 

Briaht"" moved from office to office four 
a per iod of 6 months, to make room 

First of all we would like to point out what Bright-
man's "national reputation" is . 

1. Brightman started the first Native American Studies 
Department in the United States at UC Berkeley. There 
he was the program coordinator and taught two Native 
American courses for three years . 

6. Brightman worked with Harvard law School and 
NAACP on an investigation of the current state of 
Indian education . A major finding was the misuse of 
Johnson-O'Malley, Title I, and Impact Aid funds -
granted by the Federal Government for Indian children 
- in school districts throughout the United States . The 
results of this investigation were: 

a) the publ ication of " An Even Chance" by 

The point was made that since Brightman's specialty 
is in Indian education, he may not be qualified to teach 
non-education courses. In the past two quarters, 
Brightman has taught two courses. One is basically a 

• • 

opiniOn' 
The -opinion. expressed on these pages are those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to bepublished on these pages 
should send it to the Editorial Director. TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Holi. UCSD. 

Fantasy Land, UoSoAo ~ oo 
Steven Griffin 

I am sort of an oddball at this school. As a freshman , I 
signed up for Business Administration in the Economics 
Department. I have never been the same. The ironies of 
li fe are terribly intr icate. 

sales ratio of 13 per cent, and the competitive retailers do 
NOT face the predictable concentrated demand periods. 
The Inventory levels dre incredible. I should say, "were" 
incredible. I haven't seen the current numbers, mostly 
because an undergraduate student has to fight like Hell to 
see them (for obvious reasons) . One cannot cover all the 
potential arguments (especially arguments from a capable 
bureaucrat) to discredit my observations. 

But, the gist of the observation is laid out. Monopoly 
profits ex ist, despite the current management. The 
monopoly profits don't accrue to the bureaucrats, who 
run the enterprise in the form of bloated wages : current 
and future . The observation's irony: the monopoly profits 
accrue to a few "technocrats", right in the midst of the 
perpetual protestors I 

Continued on page 10 

IOU de bubba voIr geh~{ redder, voir zie 8even iI vuggen" 

Edltor-in-Chief ••••••••••••• Camy Sharick 
City Editor .................... Carrie Rickey 
Manaslns Editor ..... David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor ....... Debbie Montgomery 
Bsuines5 Mapaser ...... Michael Greene 
Editorial Director ........... .. Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ...... ...... ....... Tom lindberg 
Sports Editor ................. Michael Rath 
Photogrilphy Editor ..... Malcolm Smith 
Secretary ................ .... Corinne Cacas 
Assistilnt City Edltor ........ Kathy Kuenz i 
Associilte City Editors .... Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business MSr ......... Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial Dir ....... Barbara Randall 
Asst. Sports Editor .... ......... Mark Liska 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized as a 
Board of the University of,Callfornla, Silln 
California 92037. Publlntion is twice weekly 
in Room 117, Blake Hall, Revelle Campus. For 
1017; lor editorial or newl phone X 1016. 
of the adwertiser and do not necessarily 

rs." Why was it always Brightman 

not supplied with a T A for any of 
has taught. 

were not listed in the Course 
Fall or Winter Quarters. 
hindrances, Brightman's classes 
marked with enthusiasm and 

COllY Readers 
Karen Glick 
Barbara Randall 
Artists 
Corky M. Cacas 
Photography 
Daryl Amster 
Joe Eastern 
George Fisher 
Steve Harper 
John Maxwell 
P·roducdon 
Jim Charley 
Charlie Helmler 
Brooke Jarrett 
Michael Sesma 
Business Deplftment 
Carrol Bowden 
Kathy Hopkins 
Brooke Jarrett 
Nancy Mancino 
Andy Rogers 

by the Communication 
Matthews Campus, La lolla. 
Fridays. Offices are located 

453-8722, or 453-2000, X 
in adwertlsements lire those 
of the TRITON TIMES. 

MECHA Huelga Committee 
In the last two months, a new scandal has 

developed concerning a pesticide known 
as Monitor 4 . The United Farm Workers 
Union (UFWU) is only beginning to un-
earth the facts , but we already know of at 
least 11 ,000 boxes of lettuce seized by the 
federal government for being con-
taminated with the pesticide. 

Monitor 4 (O.S-Dimethyl phosphora-
midothioate) is an organo-phosphate, 
similar to parathion. like parathion, it at-
tacks the nervous system, and can cause 
cancer, genetic disorders, and even death. 
It was only registered with the Environmen-
tal Prote~tion Agency in April of 1972, yet 
according to the February 3 issue of the 
"Packer", cancellation was recommended 
as early as August of the same year. There is 
considerable feeling that Monitor 4 was 
approved for without sufficient testing, and 
that the tolerance level that was accepted 
for lettuce, one part per million, is too high 
to be safe. 

In the Imperial Valley, 40,000 acres of 
lettuce have been sprayed since 
September, 1972. In December, a ground 
rig operator at Mario Saikhon's ranch in 
Holtville noticed that some of the lettuce 
he was spraying appea-red to be "burnt" 
around the edges. Samples of the lettuce 
were taken and shipped to the California 
Department of Agriculture for tests . When 
the results came back showing a 
dangerously high residue of Monitor 4, 
another series of samples were taken . By 
the time the analysis was completed on 
these samples on January 2, 1973, Saikhon 
and Merit Packing, whose lettuce had also 
been tested, had begun to harvest and ship 
their crop. The Department of Agriculture 
tracked down the lettuce that had been 
shipped and seized in excess of 10,000 
boxes of lettuce from distribut:on points all 
over the United States and Canada, in-
cluding San Francisco, los Angeles, St. 
louis, Philadelphia, Pittsburg. Toronto, and 
Oxnard. There was an entire 2,696 crate 
seizure from a Safeway warehouse which 

was made up of Saikhon's lettuce, showing 
a residue of 4-5 parts per million . 

In the Midwest, on January 19, a carlot of 
Saikhon's "Mario" brand lettuce was seized 
in St. louis. FDA official Kenneth Kimiel in 
los Angeles indicated that he thought the 
lettuce was seized from an A & P 
warehouse. 

On January 6, the Imperial County 
Agricultural Commissioner, Claude Finnell, 
cancelled all permits for use of Monitor 4 
on lettuce in Imperial County . Ortho 
Chevron and Chemagro, the two com-
panies that manufacture the pesticide, sent 
out communications to all distributors of 
Monitor 4 on January 24 and 25, stating that 
they were pulling the labels for Monitor 4 
for use on lettuce (meaning they would not 
authorize any more sales of Monitor 4) . In 
California, it is illegal for a grower to use a 
pesticide on a crop if it has no label. 

The Department of Agriculture sent a 
mobile lab down to the Imperial Valley to 
check if any more of the lettuce was con-
taminated by Monitor 4. They spent three 
weeks testing each field that was being 
harvested, and found that 35 more fields 
were contaminated. The Agricultural 
Department has refused to say exactly 
whose fields they were, as has the Food and 
Drug Administration which sent inspectors 
to the Valley to guarantee that none of the 
contaminated lettuce was shipped in-
terstate. Although the fields were tested, 
the farm workers who worked in them 
were never tested by any of the agencies to 
see if they might have been poisoned, too. 
In addition, the soil was not tested to see 11 
it retained any of the deadly pesticide . . 

As of March 5, the Environmental Protec-
tion Agency banned the use of Monitor 4 
on lettuce. However, much of the poisoned 
lettuce has still not been located and it is 
believed that it may be in San Diego. 

The United Farm Workers in San Diego 
are now trying to persuade the city council 
to demand that all lettuce on loading docks 
and warehouses in the. San Diego area be 
inspected prior to sale in supermarkets. 

Specifically, the following ideas focus on Business, as 
wi ll the rest of my life (which might not last too long if our 
acting governor - two points? - gets elected President 
and decides to start a war to save all those jobs at 
l ockh eed, litton, .... ). My interest doesn 't run to the 
nickles and dimes that Tim Colling pays on his coffee . 
Even Mark Robertson's $10,000 is relatively minute. The 
ideas shouldn 't become too grandiose either, or they 
might put our divine vicar back to sleep in between those 
big, bad Bank board meetings at Southern California First 
National Bank. And above all, I MUST not aggravate those 
powerful political bastions of reaction ism in ... Oceanside. 
The proper place to start seems to be the bookstore , then 
onward to ' nonexistent' beings that collect MilLIONS 
every year. 

The bookstore does about $1,000,000 in business an-
nuall y. Unless operations have been butchered to an 
incredible extent - even worse than 16 months ago -
" profits" should be climbing over 100,000. Professor 
Schmalensee 's statistics problems overwhelm me, but that 
appears to be a 10 per cent profit! sales ratio, given 
current management. The iron ies of life are so intricate. 
Not for a day, do we miss those shouts of "exploitation" 
fro m the Third World. Those dirty "exploiters" at Safeway 
have a 1 per cent profit! sales ratio AFTER a $5 hourly 
union wage. So the Third World joins the perpetual 
protestors a.,d the History graduate students in Marxism : 
they protesl ~ains t the big bad businessman with the 1 
per cent pr )ftt! sales ratio. 

Piddle In The Middle 
E. Wyatt America and Me 

Reply To 
Criticism Of 
Stenciled Signs 

M y avoG tion, if not my vocation, is business. I have 
looked thrc ugh thousands of financial statements. Very, 
very seldon does one see the profit ratio go as high as 10 
per cent. 1 he ironies of life are intricate. Our home 
grown, professional prOle~ tu" screarT" like HEll at 
Safeway , and file through the Bookstore lines with nary a 
whimper. ,.A stoundingl 

Before I proceed, I. should cover a few points of 
potential rebuttal. The Bookstore doesn't have "profits", 
they take the cash from sales to reinvest in inventory, 
therefore ' profits" don't exist : the accreation to net 
worth is ... well, a figment o! your imagination ... So goes 
the line .. . The other point is on measuring the success of 
an enterprise. Profit! sales ratio is only one yardstick; it is 
also the yardstick most favorable to current 
"management." Return on equity will be incredible 
because of the leverage inherent in the huge Regents 
loan . 

The operations are not efficiently run. The labor! sales 
ratio was 16 per cent, vs. a competitive, retailing labor! 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, March 16,1973 

I am not a radical leftist, nor am I a reactionary. I am 
writing this because I have noticed a repeating 
phenomenon among highly motivated leftists . Almost 
without exception they are : 

1. Ugly and wear a lot of hair on their fa ce 
(camouflage) 
2. Down on science (Man, scientists make bombs, 
Man) 
3. Always have long hair (Non-conformists, you 
know) 
4. Incredibly self-righteous ("My way is the right 
way") 
5. Say fuck, fucking, and!or fucker more than the 
typical seventh grader (which is a hell of a lot) 
6. Interested in oppressed minority anything (You 
can decompose if you're anywhere in the middle 
sector, by birth or otherwise) 
7. Wear sunglasses .{indoors at 11 at night) 
6. Have dogs that smell badly due to infrequency of 
baths and are typically untrained and ill-mannered. 

Since I am typically open-minded (all University 
students are open-minded, unbiased, free-thinking 
groovies) I must also report on another repeating 
phenomenon I have noticed among radical conservatives. 
They are : 

1. Physically perfect (except for being fat and!or 
bald) 
2. Down on rural studies (not meaty enough) 
3. Always have short hair (can't be . identified with 
those hippies) 
4. Incredibly self-righteous ("My way is the righ t 
way") 

5. Say damned, damned, Goddamn, more than It 
typical seventh grader (which is a hell. of a lot) 

Dennis Ball 
6. Interested in red, white, and blue anything ( "Much of the strength and efficiency of 
love you, Dukie Wayne) ny government in procuring and 
7. Wear Old Spice (old is best) cur ing happiness to the people 
6. Have dogs that eat better than 90 per cent of _rnpnn.," on opinion, on the general opi-
world's population and answer to King or Pi of the goodness of the government, 

Conclusion : we ll as of the wisdom and integrity of 
Sit on the fence, people. Its governors." These eloquent words, 

1. Be average looking with interesting eyes, ken by Benjamin Franklin in 1776 at 
2. Dig learning in general (Go mind, go) American Constitutional Convention, 
3. Shave half of your head and give the other elphia, Penn., breathe the essence 
permanent. d~mocracy in action. 
4. Admit you could be wrong (It's easier to get it It IS for this reason that all men who 
if you're relaxed) to be free, look for the light and 
5. Say whatever you like, if it means what you of freedom and opportunity to 
to say. (You might need a good lawyer) l one's potential. It is to the United 
6. Believe in People's liberation (We all play that all free men look for strength 
and it messes us up somewhere along the Ii COurage in time of need . Therefore, 
7. Wea r sunglasses and Old Spice (Give less we dedicate ourselves completely 
stereotypers a series of nervous breakdowns) the challenge of our future, unless we 
8. Bathe your stinky dog and keep him out of . . hunger with food , fear with trust, 
peoples' fa ces while you work to end the ICion with faith , fraud with Justice -
shortage in the world in any way you can. (Fa threats with power - natior1's will 
last words '" if you don't .) to the futility, the hopelessness, 

Once this hits the press it's going to get pretty panic on which wars feed. 
on tlie fence, so run to the nearest post and To th is quest, the Americiln citizen is no 
what with it or you'll be one of the freaky, nger a frontiersman; no longer one who 
extremes whom we wll know are compensating for d make a million here and lose it there, 
failures elsewhere. n go one and make a million 

JOIN THE MIDDLE PIDDLES else, and meanwhile let his 
DARE TO BE NO ONE 

country take care of itself. The American 
is no longer a colonial, even in retrospect . 
He is now involved in the making of 
history . For this reason, only a few 
generations have been granted the role of 
defending freedom . I do not -s hrink from 
this responsibility - I welcome it. 

Therefore, a nation is made great, not 
by its fruitful acres, but by the men who 
cultivate them; not by its great forests, but 
by the men who build and run them. 
America was a great land when Columbus 
discovered It; Americans have made of It 
a great nation. 

Thus, let us not fall asleep to the 
American Dream . To match the 
magnitude of our talks, we need the 
energies of our people enlisted in the 
splendid efforts that make headlines in 
the neighborhood newspaper instead of 
the national journal. 

With these, we can build a great 
cathedral of the spi rit as God gives us the 
spirit, to raise it one stone at a time, as we 
reach out to our neighbor, helping, 
caring, doing. It is for this reason, no man 
can be fully free while his neighbor is not. 
To go forward at all is to go forward 
together. For these words, America is to 
me. 

Editor: 
In regard to the sarcastic 

letter which appeared in 
your ed i tion of the 
TRITON l'IMES (March 13, 
1973) concerning the sten-
ciled signs that appeared 
throughout the campus 
saying "Boycott Safeway": 

It seems that the in-
dividual who wrote the 
letters seems to be living in 
a utopian state of mind. He 
seems to be offended 
because the harsh realities 
of life concerning the 
struggles of Third World 
people appeared 
throughout the campus. It 
is time to destroy this mid-
dle class bourgeoisie men-
tality which prevails on this 
campus. Political education 
occurs "by whatever 
means necessary", es -
pecially when the struggle 
involved is as important as 
this one. 

" BOYCOn SAFEWAY." 
Nestor PH 

FALN .... 

I,ittIe 
O~'­
Pma 
~t 

w. tlk. phon. order. 
Phone 453-6455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

200/0 off for UCSD 
Studentl with 10 clrdl 

~IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1I1111111111111111111111~ 

I I I F~PI~fk~S I 
~ For All Your Skiing Needs ~ 
§ Get Ready for Spring Skiing § 
:: and Watch for Our :: 

Big Ski Sale 
Rentals and Repairs 

Hours 
Mon.-Fri., 10-8, Sat. , 10-5 :30 

Sunday, 11-5 

7722 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
$6000 COUPLE 

(boy-girl) 

ALL EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

635 PEARL ST., LA JOLLA 459-6841 

171 tlmea. deyo Smile away fO Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario and 
Long Beach. And return. call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy·fo-bear, low fare . .. IA ...... you • 11ft. 

Page 7 Friday, March 16, 1973 Triton Times 



CQMMU 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Stle t 

for service 
Tue.-Fri. 

9:45-5:30 

RS 

Sat. 9:3085:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 f· .... ·· .. ·, 
i f:::te i 

Folks I 
Live Entertainment i 

Music by 
Main Streamers: 

f FREE ! 
• Coffee Hut i 
: Sat. March 17 j 
• 8:30-11 :00 
• t. •••••••••• 

Yesterday's nuns Jed a cloistered 
life. When they ventured out, it 
was two-by-two. Their roles were 
traditional and within church in-
stitutions. 
Things have changed. The world . 
The Church. The roles women 
play. 
Yet for one oroer, thesecbanges 
are hardly apparent. Ever since 
the Dominican Sisters of tbe Sick. 
Poor were founded in 1876. they 
have been engaged in pastoral 
ministry. They have always been 
flexible, Always self-motivated. 
Always had freedom. Why? By 
the very nature of their worle. 
The Dominican §jsters of the Sick. 
Poor give free nursing care to tbe 
needy in their own homet!. They 
travel alone by bus OT by subway. 
Or by car. Or on foot. And their 
day doesn't end at five o'clock. 
Each case presents a dillerent 
problem: whelber it is bringing 
physical or spiritual comfort, 
k.eeping a family together. coun-
seling or bridging \tIe gap be-
tween social agencie. ....e bring 

. the love and devotior of Christ. 
We are in direct conu.ct with the 
people we care for. j 
You see. we don't ha, e 10 be lib-
erated. We are. 
for more informad I)d Oil die 
Domilliun Simn d ' be Skk 
Poor ... ritt to: 
Sbttr Margunlte MH 
Vocation Dlrecfor 
Room 106 
Mariaodale, Ossiniog 
Nell' York J056Z 

__ till 56IBb GF 
THE sa POOR. 

Affirmative Action Responds 
To The ·Case of Dr. Madrid 

guaranteed proof. Accor-
ding to the, standards of 

• science (Smith et al., lac. 
ci!.) evolution has no 
greater claim to science 
than does the bemmy 
theory. After all, "it is the 
duty of a scientist that he 
should keep an open 
mind", and there is "no 
reason to exclude any 
theory at any so called in-
stitute of higher learning" 
(leutian, IT 1/30173). 

Do Not Pur-
chase Handi-
Wrap, Zip/oc March 13, 1973 TO: MR. RIGOBERTO VINOI-

OLA, CHAIRMAN 

positions and does not base Its actions 
on approval by anyone group. 

luan Yluerablde 
Chairman Editor: There are 165 

MECHA - 2SO MaHhews Campus 
FROM: IUAN YGUERABIDE, ' 
CHAIRMAN 
Affirm .. ti"e Action CommlHee . 

To: luan Yluerablde, Chalrm .. n 
Afflrmatl"e Action CommlHee 

courageous people at the 
Dow Chemical plant in Bay 
City which has been on 
strike for 14 months. They 
would like to enlist the aid 
of your newspaper and 
members of the student 
body so that we may sur-
vive. Dow Chemical is 
using its unlimited 
resources in an attempt to 
destroy us economically 
and eliminate the collec-
tive bargaining process of 
our local Union which is 
14055 of the United 
Steelworkers. 

Thank you ' for your letter of March 7, 
in which you express MECHA's desire 
that the Affirmative Action Committee 
investigate the case concerning the 
denial of tenure for Dr. Arturo Madird, I 
have already initiated such an investiga-
tion. and hope soon to have a com-
mittee hearing to establish all the facts. 
Representatives from MECHA, as well as 
from any other interested group that can 
provide pertinent information, will, of 
course, be invited to participate in the ! 
meeting, I will send you further informa-
tion when the time and dilte has been 
set. 

From: MECHA 
Estlmado Herm .. no: 

In your letter of March 13 you in-
dicated you have initiated the investiga-
tion we requested. Obviously you have 
misinterpreted our letter. 

We do not request your individual 
initiation of the investigation. We de-
mand an immediate and public in-
vestigation. To be specific, you, the 
Affirmative Action Committee, the 
Budget Commitee, Dr. Paul Saltman and 
MECHA representatives should meet 
together within the next week , 

Next week I am going to 
demand that the theory the 
world is controlled by 
mysterious purple Nevircs 
that live under your beds . 
and become invisible when 
you look at them be taught 
on an equal footing with 
other reputable scientific 
theories_ And why stop 
there? 

O.K. H .. rtline 
Concerning your statement "all 

' irregularities must be corrected with the 
approval of MECHA", I should like to 
note that the Affirmative Action Com-
mittee represents a cross-section of 
University staff, faculty and student 

If the committee bases its decisions on 
a crosssection of University faculty, staff 
and students, most of which happen to 
be white, middle-class and unaware of 
the specific concerns of Chicanos, our 
needs will not be represented nor met. 
MECHA represents those needs. 

MECHA 

Registrar 
Clairfies 
Discrepancies 

Many workers and their 
families have suffered un-
limited hardships in the 
loss of income and per-
sonal property which they 
have had to sell in order to 
feed their families because 
Dow Chemical refuses to 
resolve an unjust labor dis-
put provoked by Dow 
Chemical and its local 
management. 

Teach A 
Course On 
Extra-
terrestrial 
Origins! 

Editor: 
I dem an d (non -

negotiable, of course) that 
the theory of extraterres-
trial origins for all life-

. forms, present and past, be 
taught at UCS D on an 
equal foot ing with the 
theory of evolution. The 
theory (as you know) holds 
that all species were 
brought here from 
elsewhere by bemmies, 
This theory "explains" the 
lack of "und is pu table tran-
si tional forms", " predicts" 
the "sudden outbursts of 
life", removes the "con-
tradiction" of the second 
law of thermodynamics ne -
cessitated by the theory of 
evolution (Ca ntor & 
Sjahol m, IT 1/6/73). and 
somehow h supported by 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

NOW APPEARING 
O. D. CORRAL 

the fact that science hasn 't 
been able to create life de 
novo yet (Shinen, TT 
2/6/73; Smith et a/., IT 
3/9173) (of course when 
science does succeed in 
doing so in another several 
decades, that will support 
the theory too, since it will 
"prove" that the bemmies 
could have manufactured 
the needed forms) . 

To re ject this theory 
~ UNIcoItN' Cille"l3 

Evenings througn Wednesdey _ ....... 

THE SEYErmt U 
7;00& IO;45pm 15_1956 1 Subtitted 

With Max Von Sydow 
and Gunnar Bj ...... nd. 

1IIMW.~·1 
LES YISITEURS DU SOIR 

(TM( DEV1l'I ElIYOTlI 
8:40pm 1 France- I 1M2 1 SubllUed 

W;t1! Arletty and Jul .. Bony. 

Saturday t.Mnigfll 
ne.....,a.. 

An adventure in the remote Iroplcs Of 
Pat1J5On and Several 

shorter 'Mm. InclUded 

BegIMlng ThulSdly I 
HOA-IIIIH 

10 DfTM:IMIT Of WIllIE. 

74561;a Jollll Hlvd. 459-~341 

Downtown 
Discount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

Enjoy local, personal 
service for all 

. your camera needs. 

-Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A Specialist in 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

because it is "clearly in-
credible" is "no basis for 
the exclusion of a theory 
that does , in the end, 
provide reasonable ex-
aplanation for the 
evidence" (Smith et al., lac. 
cit.) . This theory was not 
described to "give others 
the mechanical details" of 
how life came to be but to 
convince them that bem-
mies exist . "Therefore it is 
unfair to criticize the lack 
of detail one might desire" 
(Shinen , lac. cit.). If you 
want to test this theory you 
have to dupli cate my 
method and commune 
with the bemmies the way I 
have. It is " dogmatic and 
entirely unscientific" to 
tea ch that scie nce di s-
proves the existence of 
such bemm ies (cf ibid). It is 
also clear that the fact 
there is no conclusive 
evi den ce against the 
theory proves that it is cor-
rect, or at very least that it 
must have equal footing 
with any alternative theory, 
however well supported. 
wh ich nevertheless lacks 
100 '10 gold-plated 

Editor: 
I have been requested to 

clarify the discrepancy in 
registration figures cited in 
the recent TRITON TIMES' 
article concerning Third 
College. As Registrar, I am 
respomible for deter-
mining and reporting the 
official campus registration 
statistics to the Office of 
the President. 

Official registration 
figures are reported each 
quarter as of 5 p .m. on the 
tenth day of instruction . 
On October 6, 1972, the 
official censue date for Fall 
Quarter, I reported 5,348 
undergradutes: 2.392 Muir 
College . 2,400 Revelle 
College, and 556 Third 
College, At the time these 
figures are reported to the 
President 's Off ice, they 
become public knowledge 
and are distributed 
throughout the campus. It 
is unfortunate that data so 
readily available becomes 
an issue of ids agreement 
and is not requested from 
the official campus source. 

Ronald J. Bowker 
Registrar & 

Admissions Officer 

In the interest of 
humanity we ask that you 
print this letter in your 
college paper and that the 
student body aid us by 
refusing to buy Hani-wrap 
plastic food wrap and 
Ziploc bags , which are 
made at the Bay City plant. 

If there are individuals or 
groups on campus who 
would like to aid us in this 
humane endeavor, please 
contact me at the address 
which is given below. We 
request that they boycott 
the above mentioned 
produ c ts which are 
produced by Dow 
Chemical in Bay City and 
by any other aid or ac-
tivities which may aid our 
cause. 

Thank you, 
Mutin Schwerin 

401 N. Chilson St. 
Bay City, Mlchilan 

Local 14055 

Get Down With this show of force and animal brutality, the protesting "crowd" was 
forced onto the yard of a nearby church. 
By this time there were ten pig cars in 
the area - not to mention the two low-
fl yi ng helicopters. 

MECHA 
Early this month , say Sunday March 3 

... a n ice day in the Chicano Community, 
a beautiful day at Chicano Park, a festive 
day for two local Chicano car clubs -
Brown Image and the latin lowriders. 

A picnic has been scheduled - by and 
for both car clubs - at Chicano Park ... 
under the bridge. 

Not an unusual activity; the park is the 
Su nday meeting place for the car clubs 
- to gather and enjoy _ .. the sun, the 
picnic. 

Things were cool. 
The pigs knew what was happening -

and they waited. 
One of the car club members, on his 

way to the park, gets stopped by the pigs 
- right next to Chicano Parkl Stupid 
strategy or Good stupidity - whatever. 

A "crowd" gathered - approximately 
eight Chicanos - the two pigs called an 
" unlawful assembly" and radioed in for 
reinforcements. With more pigs on the 
way, one pig pulled his riot stick -
which brought jeers and heckles from 
the "crowd." A motorcycle pig arrived 
... got off his ass undoing his pistol 
safety. The pig with the riot stick ap-
proached and struck a Chica no, in the 
face, with the riot stick . 

With the people in the churchyard, 
the pigs fell back, regrouped and at-
tacked - pushing. shoving forcefully. A 
young mother , with child, was 
brutalized - the husband protested 
angrily ... and was arrested with blows -
kicks and the slamming of police car 

. doors on his legs . Other Chicanos 
protested - they too were attacked, 
struck and arrested. The "crowd" dis-
persed - the pigs chasing people ... to 
hit them. In the park, one pig stops 
running and pulls his gun ... the people · 
have left. 

The helicopters continue flying low. 
National City'S post office is 

firebombed that evening - so is the 
logan Heights post office, and a store on 
logan Avenue ... the San Diego Police 
Dept. Public Relations office gets 
bombed also. 

Chicanos are arrested systematically 
- on attempted arson charges. The Otto 
Square Shopping Center is crawling with 
pigs busting Chicanos that "smell like 
gas" (evidence). Homes are broken into, 
mothers pus.hed aside, young Chicanos 
are arrested and dragged out of their 
own homes. 

A total of twe lve Chicanos were 
arrested that night - five (as of this 
writing) are still incarcerated . 

For the next 46 hours th logan 
Heights area is heavily patrolled by the 
pigs - no one is safe. 

Continued on p~8e 10 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, March 16, 1973 

Mesa Dominated 
By UCSD Women 

Cheryl ElliOt 
The women's intercollegiate basketball team 

journeyed to Mesa College Monday afternoon. The 
game turned out to be more like practice as the Triton 
gir ls glided to a 58-23 win over the Mesa girls. 

In a strangely echoing gym, the cheering from the 
UCSD bench was enough to defeat the slower, smaller 
team. Mesa was forced to shoot from outside by the 
height of the UCSD defense, which includes Hilary 
Chittick , Diana Barba, Aliena Salmon, Sharon Wood 
and Judy lower. The quick hands of the Triton defense, 
especially Sharon Wood, forced many Mesa turnovers. 

Judy Lower's 25 points, which is two points less than 
her season average led all scorers. Also in double 
fig ures was Sharon Wood with 10, who had a good all-
ro und game. 

The second team, led by Paula Jordanek's 6 points 
looked a little bit sloppy on a few passes that resulted in 
tu rnovers, but were steadily improving. Allison Chin's 
unorthodox lay-ups were interesting to watch as she 
managed to make one. Sioux Amaral also made one 
and Elaine Fang made a free throw. Kathy Spatafore did 
not score this time, but was tough on defense. 

Mesa does not get much time to reevaluate as they 
wi ll be here Thursday at 5 pm in the gym for the 
rematch, 

Tennis Victory 
Monday, the women's 

intercollegiate tennis team 
played their first match of 
the year at Soulhwestern 
College, After a late arrival 
the Tritons found 
themselves down by one 
due to forfeit, but went on 
to win the match 4-3, 

Cheryl Elliot, playing in 
the number-one spot, won 
6-3, 6-1 in what seemed 
like an endless match . 
Irene Allen was finally in 
control as she won her 
match 6-0, 6-1. Adrienne 

Locker 
Renewal 

The PE Department 
wou ld like to make the 
fullowi ng important an-
nou ncement : all lockers 
are to be renewed by 
March 23. As a departure-
from tradition, the depart-
ment refu ses to keep 
anything left in unrenewed 
lockers . Any contraband 
will si mply be thrown away 
at the ea rliest possible con-
venience of the staff. So, it 
behooves the populace to 
either renew their lockers 
or clear out anything they 
may want to keep. 

Harber lost a heartbreaker 
due to nerves 6-2. 7-5 . 
Cheri Lloyd's lack of match 
experience and the ability 
to tie the points together 
were the cause of her 6-1, 
6-2 defeat. 

In doubles, Debbi Zom-
parelly, and Ann Goishi 
had to default later, ob-
taining a 4-0 lead because 
they arrived late and one of 
their opponents had to 
leave. Julie Sweeters and 
Cathi Davies are constantly 
looking better as they 
trounced two of the Mesa 
girls in the second doubles 
6-0, 6-0. Marilyn Wildes 
played well, considering 
her forced lack of practice, 
and Maria Chiossi 
provided the necessary 
consis tency for their 6-3, 6-
o win. 

The team is off to a good 
start considering this was 
not their strongest lineup. 

Wednesday the girl s 
were downed by Bishops 
Girl 's School in a practice 
match. It was good practice 
except for the cockiness of 
the Bishops ' girls . A few of 
the girls that are members 
of Bishops' team are of 
national caliber. Ann 
Gioshi had a good match 
even though she lost. The 
girls' next match is Tuesday 
at City College. 

Spikers Second 
In Tournament 

Tom Smith 

When the men's 
volleyball season started in 
January, the outlook was 
far from encouraging. All 
of last year's starters had 
been long gone and the 
team was comprised of two 
players having had 
collegiate volleyball ex-
perience and a collection 
of basketball freaks, a 
crew-team reject, a bunch 
of freshmen, and generally, 
an aggregation of ex-P.E . 
Classers. The coaches, a 
Biology lab tech . and a 
Med . school student, had 
never coached a team 
before. The team was last 
on the priority list as far as 
gym time was concerned, 
yielding to Basketball , In-
tramural sports, badmin-
ton, and the Friday Flicks; 
and practices were fre-
quently held without the 
use of a net. Despite these 
setbacks which have in-
duced much disdain in the 
hearts of local volleyball 
fans, under the coaching of 
Jeff Gorrel and Dick 
Reitherman the volleyball 
team has been recently 
surprising these skeptics, as 
exemplified by the EI 
Camino J.e. tournament 
last weekend . UCSD's 
spikers finished runners-up 
in the tourney, out of 18-20 
"A" rated teams. 

The Tritons ended up in 
second place in their pool , 
qualifying them for the 
tournament playoffs. They 
had a tough time getting 
going however, against a 
relatively easy team of 
UCLA Intramural players. 
as the old problems of ser-
vice receive and defense 
plagued our boys. 
Nevertheless, moments of 
greatness began showing 
through due to more con-
sistent bumping and to 

pinpoint setting by 
" Laredo" Baldwin, and 
Matt "Mattei " Merli ss, 
probably the most consis-
tent player on the team. 
Everything started clicking. 
Great h itting by Mike 
Bastian i, intimidating 
blocks from John " lemon 
Grove" Woodward and 
Captain Rabbit Rabe, and 
even a coup le of d ives 
from larry on defense, 
sparked the team to win-
ning four out of the first 
five games. The last oppo-
nent in the pool , 
Bakersfield , defeated the 
Tritons two straight games, 
14-16 and 14-16, due mostly 
to errant serving on the 
latter's part . In spite of 
these two losses, UCSD ad-
vanced to the playoffs. 

In the ensuing games, 
with one of h is norma l 
brilliant moves , Coach 
Gorrell substi tuted the 
quicker George Yamashita 
in the back row for defen-
sive purposes in place of 
Grove. Whenever George 
rotated to the front row, 
George was put back in 
because of his towering 
blocks and offe nsive 
prowess. This ruse worked 
beau tifully as the Tritons 
won both the quarter and 
semi-final games, the latter 
being a 15-6 revenge 
against Bakersfield. Rabe's 
hitting and blocking con-
ti nued to flourish and the 
offense of Smith, Bastiani, 
Baldwin, and Merliss. as a 
whole , was much more 
aggressive than it had been 
in the past. The finals were 
played against a hot l.A. 
Valley College team who 
displayed a consistent 
offense and a hustl ing , 
scrambling defense. LAVC 

Continued on page 11 

Ruggers Downed 
Well, Rugby fans , welcome to the Wild West Show 

where the UCSD II's were defeated by the OMBAC II's, 
17-4 in a preparation game for the Santa Barbara 
tournament. The second team's membership has been 
rather nebulous this year due to the teal1l shuffling and 
the slight unreliability of a few players. The day was 
beneficial for the OMBAC Guzzlers who used the time 
as therapy to ease tension and drustration, and as an 
outlet for feelings of hostility, self-doubt, and aggres-
sion in a socially-acceptable manner. The ir constant 
pressure gave them three tries, a conversion, and a 
penalty kick. UCSD played a hustling game, but was 
unable to score until Brad Iwanana slipped through 
four Guzzlers and sprinted 40 yards for the try. That was 
the high point of an otherwise unexciting game. The 
members of the second team are : Prop : Mike Cap, 
Gary levin; Lock : Jerfy Wustman, Johnno Straight; #8 : 
Gyro and Kevin George; Break: Bob Mandel, and 
Kevin Sapin; Scrum-Half: Ri ck Pope; Fly-Half: Pete r 
Sertic; Inside Center : John Huber; Outside Center : 
Brad Iwanana; Right Wing : Blind Man Gregory; left 
Wing: Dave Rayfield ; and Fullback: Dave Clark . 

r"F~ik"l r:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:':~·~.;::;:;:~:;:.~::::~:;:;.~.:~.~:::;~:~:.:.:.:,:.:.:,~.:.:':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':.~! i for the i Folks 
• Live Entertainment 
: Music by 

r;;;~m 
l Coffee Hut Sat. March 17 8:30-11 :00 ............. 

.~~~ And Student Center lli 
m CJ oahnPGu,s HPausbteorr ~~~ Worship Services 

10 A.M. Sundays 
Feedback 

11 :15 

Interim Pastors 
H. Albrecht 

P. Gabrielsen 
Nels Oas 

Chur& Office and Answerins Service 
413-0561.S 55 
9 5 La Jolt. Shor 

at h'Torrey Pfnes 
UCSD Stud~ Staff Are Welcome 

Marc Allen 
will speak on 

Lone Mountain 
LEGAL ANALYST 

PROGRAM 
All-Day Friday March 23 

in the Revelle Formal Lounge 
Brochures available at 6th f loor 

Career Planning 20 

PRESENTS 

YES 
FEATURING 

POCO 
SPECIAL ATTRACTIDN 

ALBERT HAMMOND 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4th, 7 :30 p.m. 

S AN DIEGO SPORTS ARENA 
Tlcutl t $4.50 In ad. ance, $5.50 a ltha door 

Ttc.ketlavail.bl. a t.1I Bill Gamble'. Men'. Stora, 
Arena Tidtet .... ene ... and .11 uberty Ticket a,enCles, 
and the Sport. ANf'a Ttc.ket Offic.e. Mail orde,. to the 

gozrs AIJIIU. Spo. .. A_. Tic"", 0fIK.. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 5th, 7:30 p.m. 
THE FORUM. INGLEWOOD 

nck.u r " .51 , $5.50, s.. .SO. and $3.SO 

'&E: ~ Tidteu .vailable at the FONm 8mt Office. In~" 
,~~ outlet .. PaclfK: Stereo. and all Mutual ... enclH. leon 1T 'lM M.il orden to the Forum BCM Offic • . For In(orm.hon 

.lC lfi-U call the Forum. (213) 67)· llOO 

DIVERS 
Mid -Winter Sale 

Used Rutll Equipment 

REGULATORS 

U.S. Divers Calypso "J" $22.50 
u.s. Divers Conshelf$17 .00 

Other Regulators from $14.00 

Vests $7.00 
U.S. DIVERS ROCKET FINS (2nds) 

$11.95 
Co-ad Scuba Clall.s 
3S hrs. of InstructIon 
NAUI Certification 

$45.00 

NEW ENMD DNERS INC. 
3860 Rosecrans·Across tram White Front 

HDlI1: .... -THn. 9-6 FrI, 9-9 
Sat. " 81 •. aM -6 

CIIAII8E ITIIA1UMEIllCAIIO MABmCIWIIE 
298·0531 

Page 9 Friday, March 16, 1973 Triton Times I, . J. •• • 

I 



ENJOY A KJlYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A now c .... pl 101 on .nloylbl. Wllk-.n<I on Ih. 
Coloredo ft" .. 

• SAfETY - b.ill·i. buoyo.cy 
• CONVENIENT · Fllowoy oil Ih. woy 
• ECONOMICAL - FOI budg" mlnd.d lomlills 
• ADVENTUROUS · bplo .. pllmlli" Oil .. 

KAYAI( RENTAL S750 OAY 
for Brochure Wri t. or e.1I 
~AYA~ RIVER CRUISES by LEISURE CRAFT 

119 E FilS! SI. Yumo. A",on. 85364 - (6021 183-6633 

SOUND 
PRICES HAVE GOT TO TAKE 

A BIG UPWARD JUMP! 
If you've been planning to buy a really good cassette reo 
corder, do it now, before devaluation forces us to raise 
prices along with everyone else! 

TEAC210 
STEREO CASSETTE DECK 
ThiS tine Stereo Cassette Deck has truly amazing record and playback 
capability for its price range . Features are almost the same as thp. higher-
pllced Model 220, but lor a couple less IUlurie. you get a lot lower 

pr ice at only $159.50 

TEAC 220 
STEREO CASSETTE OECK 
Here's a Stereo Cassette Deck that TEAC guarantees with an ORIGINAL 
OWNER LIFETIME WARRANTY on the high dens ity ferr ite heads. These 
heads usually are lound ONLY on the most expensive units. Other features 
are: fingertip Operation ... 4 Pole Hysteresis Synchronous Motor ... 
Outer Roto Design .. . Pause Control ... all Silicon Transistorized Solid 
State Preampliliers and just aboot anything you could wish for in a Stereo 
Cassette Deck. Only $199.50 

TEAC350 
STEREO CASSETTE DECK 
A genuine stu lio Quality cassette deck that lays out like a professional 
console. Inctu !es the incomparable Dolby noise reduction unit. TEAC has 
broken not on I the "sound barrier" with this m'gnificent casselle deck, 
but also the ' prke barrier," because yoo buy it It much less than you 
woold pay for ' he same features elsewhere. A terrific b~n~: $289.50 

1)9.!t~Y~cs~!t;y' 
Ia~k TtrlllS • Ask 'hIt "' 5 '"r Cuarant .. & 5",hr T,d. lack 'la~ 

FilII"" v.II" £lit, Sa" 01, •• rile",: (714) 211 ·5515 h".., eeRt,r, 478 nne"'r !'by .• (I Cal ... "''''': (714) 44Z·2111 
38 .. (I e,ten 11M .. San DIt .. "''''', (714, 213·2325 
Mtllllay·fritllJ ' lD ... ·1.11. Slturllay, 101111-8 pm 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, March 16, 1973 

Fantasy Land, U.S.A. 
Continued from page 6 

The orders of magnitude are approximate, but the 
following ideas are indicative. Suppose a consortium were 
to come along and bid for the concession, to just run the 
bookstore. 5500,000 should suffice for a 25 year concession 
with certain stipulations 8S to procurement (how could it 
get worsel) and pricing policies. Now if a soul could raise 
$100,000 in equity, get $1,000,000 in subordinated 
borrowings, and get $300,000 in a bank loan ... It wouldn't 
take the Chairman of the Board of FedMart to institute 
"operational efficiencies" which should boost net profits 
to $250,000, celeris paribus : perhaps even tossing in a 5 
per cent price cut to pacify the perpetual protestors, who 
would be out in force to protest the "sudden" occurrence 
of " profits." Figure the debt at 10 per cent interest: on an 
equity base of $100,000, the entrepreneur could clean 
over $200,000 annually. 

In and of themselves, the bureaucrats would fight very, 
very hard to stop such "capitalism" from infiltrating the 
bastions on never, never land. But, IF, IF, someone could 
get the Chancellor off his ass: imagine how many FTE's 
(Biology, of course) he could handle from the interest off 
the $500,000 concession fee... imagine an end to the 
bookstore procurement problems ... Never, never land .... 
nobody, but nobody will get the Chancellor off his ass. 
The bureaucrats will win again. 

Actually, my fantasizing (about getting the Chancellor 
off his ass) is on a rather modest scale. There are three 
other 'major' businesses on campus: housing, food, and 
the libraries. The housing and food operations are run by 
Auxiliary and Services Enterprises. The operations are 
cloaked in secrecy for excellent reasons : the bureaucrats 

A 
UNIQUE 

BOOTERY 

i!trntforb ~qlllm 

1444· CAMINO DEI. ,VIAl( 
DEll\lAR, CA LIF. I/2UI ·1 

FOR 
MEN 
AND 

WOMEN 

755-1394 

HO URS: 10 TO 6, 7 DA YS A WEEK 

would lose their monopoly "profits" (I.e. factor payments 
far in excess of the private sector). I cannot quote 
numbers (mostly, because detailed schedules are a very, 
very well kept secret), other than general indications from 
Paul Kaufman's 'estimates', that operations are way, way 
oulla line. 

A little efficiency in the library management wouldn't 
hurt the UCSD community, either. As a very frequent 
library 'user', I wonder if the sixth floor 'work area' at 
C.U.L. can be heard at Scripps. To be more to the point, I 
would like to commend (now, how does an impotent 
undergraduate 'commend'l), no, praise, no, thank the 
man who runs the beleaguered Humanities libary. 

It seems possible, that a concessionaire could be in-
stalled in the libraries, and paid on the basis of a weighted 
average: "gate attendance", "periodicals", "books in-
creased", "general survey" ... with the concessionaire 
assured that revenues will be expenditures on a short term 
basis .... The idea is rather novel. 

What else could you e)(pectl lf you received monopoly 
rents, wou ld you give them up without a whimperl There 
is also another aspect in introducing competitive ideas 
into the University bureaucracy: the incompetents cannot 
survive the competitive pressures . 

Get Down Continued from page 9 
The F.B.I. has been called in - a federal investigation 

of the post office bombings is being conducted. More 
arrests are expected ... it's beginning ... va empesan-
do .... 

la juda me la rasuda 
la ley me la hace pley 
y la chota me la rebota 

Demonstration against police brutality March 17, 73, 
9:30 a.m. Chicano Park. Speakers - Savor - afterparty 
- come. 
" THIS WEEKEND PICKET YOUR LOCAL LAW EN-
FORCEMENT AGENCY" 

MECHA of UCSD supports the Indian 
struggle of Wounded Knee and we are in 
solidarity with our Indian brothers and 
sisters in a common fight against the racist 
,system of the U.S. which oppresses all 
Third World People. 

We ca ll upon the rest of the UCSD 
community to join us in our support of 
the Indian struggle at Wounded Knee. 
We, further, call upon other MECHA's 
and the e nt ire Chicano Community 
throughout Aztlan to su pport our Indian 
Hermanos y Hermanas in their struggle. 

Eda Le Shan writes of 
Human Liberation In the 
Middle Age years as A 

Period of 
Growing 

Get your copy 
now at 

uniVCRSiTY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSIO.N 1360 

Rally Results' 
Here _ Today, Con 

Tomorrow, the Third 
UCSDSCC gimmick car ral-
ly, is now history. A grand 
total of 135 cars turned out 
for the event, and the 
following people won 
trophies : . 

In the experienced class, 
Arlan Bergles and Dave 
Cooper scored 2,223 out of 
a possible 3,184 points to 
take first place. Paul 
Latchford and Debbie 
McDonald finished se-
cond, with Barb Nave and 
Patsy Lehre third, and Bob 

Editorial Director's Note: 

Daniel and Bozo Burchill 
fourth . 

In the beginner class, 
Mike Zacharia and Kathy 
Bolt came all the way down 
from Berkeley to win with 
1,712 points . Other s 
receiving trophies are : 
Gary Britton (without a 
navigator l) in second 
place, third place went to 
Renek and Coffin, Dave 
Marcus and Ian Roth were 
fourth, French Fuqua and 
Bruth were fifth, Steve 
Saunders and Kevin Sapin 
were sixth , and Greg Beret-

ta and Ch.:ri Wilkes were 
seventh. 

All trophies can be 
picked up at the Bubble 
House in Del Mar (122 24th 
Street) . If you can't get out 
there, ca ll 755-6151. 

Complete results will be 
mailed out soon along with 
details of a surprise coming 
attraction ... due to 
overwhelming popular de-
mand, UCSDSCC is going 
to get it all together one 
more time, and put on a 
fourth and final gimmick 
car rally in the spri{1g. This 
time it really is our last 
event, so keep your eyes 
open for details. 

Engineer Hank Ste iman ran Into the TRITON TIMES office the other morning, 
shoutin&, "Stop the presses! Stop the presses! HOIve I go t 01 scoop. Hold the bOICk 
page!" Well, we couldn' t get the bOIck pOige for the reOiI schlemiel, but we got OIS 
far back as we could. He re for you OIre two treasures we tried 50 hOird to bury. Geh 
schlog nch kopf OIn wand! 

Paltman Speaks 
-Moishe Siegel 

Dr . Saul Paltman, UCSD Vice 
Chancellor, eminent biochemist, and 
part-time fry cook at Colony Kitchen, la5t 
week, in cooperation witl;! the UCSD 
Biology Department, participated in an 
experiment to test the effects of shooting 
"Drano" into the human bloodstream. 

topics as "The Dange rs of Eating Cafeteria 
Food", "Why Mormons Have More Fun", 
and "If God Does Exist, What Size T-Shirts 
Does He Wear?" 

Dr. Paltman, who has been known in 
the past for having participated in weird 
experiments (like last March, when he 
had himself thrown off the top of the 
Grand Canyon by three Chinese monks), 
made public yesterday his important fin-
dings on the Drano experiment. 

During the noon-time forum, Dr. Pall-
man emphatically stated that "dropping" 
Drano was dangerous to one's health. He 
compared it to "inhaling exhaust from a 
San Diego Bus" or " having Ruby Keeler 
tap dance on your face with spiked track 
shoes." After taking the Drano, Paltman 
said he bagn to hallucinate that he was 
"Josephine the Plumber", an event that 
he felt was "a reality all its own." 

Dr . Paltman has rece ntl y been 
promoted to Vice Chancellor (after he 
was unfortunately caught torturing a 
squirrel in the Revelle Provost's Office, 
and was politely asked to leave). Pattman 
now spends most of hims time collecting 
Buffalo Nickles and eating emtic Ruma-
nian foods . When asked about his 
longtime friendship with Rayberry, Dr. 
Pattman said, " He's just a dear; one of my 
closest friends I" Author 'Rayberry said his 
feeling for Dr. Paltman was mutual , but 
added that he wished "Saul would give 
me back my French Cufflinks and the five 
bucks he borrowed l" 

Also present at the forum was noted 
wr iter Brad Rayberry, author of the 
science fiction thrilled The Day the Mar-
tians Ate Newark. When asked by one 

Later on, Dr. Paltman publicly revealed 
that his childhood hero was his Uncle 
Max, who, he then insisted, had invented 
"cold cuts" at the .turn of the century. In 
closing, Dr. Saul Paltman remarked that 
his si ncere goal in life was still "to find out 
why Timmy left lassie." 

student about his career as a science 
fiction writer, Rayberry replied, " It sure 
beats workingl" Rayberry is presently 
touring college campuses around the 
country, giving a series of lectures on such 

M r. Big At UCSD 
I was told by a reliable source that Jesus Christ was 

seen on campus last Thursday. It was reported that he 
was here looking over a possible si te for his Second 
Comi ng (which, Jesus said, would be soon, unless they 
start putting Hostess Twinkies back in the food 
machines.) 

Yesterday, I was informed by Jim Cravens of Publ ic 
Affai rs that he and J.e. had lunch together at the F.ive 
and Dime. Jim said that Mr. Christ had a chili dog, 
order of fries, and a large Coke. In an off-the-cuff 
remark, Jesus said the food was so bad, that it reminded 
him of the Last Supper. After lunch the Prince of Peace 
went over to USB 2722 to sit in on a Physics lecture, and 
promptly fell asleep. According to Cravens, Jesus was 
impressed with the UCSD campus, and at one point, he 
remarked, "It sure beats Bethlehem." Mr. Christ told 
Jim that he was almost positive that UCSD was one of 
the possible spots where he might want to make his 
Second Coming; however, he said that Des. Molttes, 
Iowa and Solana Beach were still in the running. 

At the end of the day, when asked about the world 
situation, Jesus replied that the world right now looked 
pretty dim, but said, however, that with good coaching, 
the San Diego Chargers could win the Western 
Conference title next year. 

Who knows, folks, maybe the human race isn't 
doomed yet. Well, if the Man upstairs can take time off 
to co me and visit UCSD, maybe it's a good omen. I 
mean, maybe things will get brighter around here now. 
Maybe I' ll start getting bigger second-helpings in the 
Revelle Cafeteria at lunchtime, or maybe Calculus will 
now be fu nl Anyway, I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to 
m et Jesus; maybe I'll get to see him next time around. 

NORTH SHORES READING CLINIC 
7726 GIRARD AVE., LA JOLLA 454-0818 

Individual & semi-private schedules 
for adults & children 

TESTING Includins r •• dins dlaM nO"ic, ."Ion & h • .,ln! 
TRAINING Speed , lemodl.l and oil form, o(r .. dlnglherapy. 

AT THE 

by Keilh Waterhouse 
Bnd Willis Hall 
NOW PLAYING 
An imaginatIve young wife, 
wilhout lelling her husband. 
loans 8 single girl friend 
the use of the apartment tor 
romanl ic encounters. A wildly 
funny marUal who 's whose. 

George Bernard Shaw's 

NOW'LAYINO 
Here comes Ihe bode 
lher. goes 1M groom. The 
nupti al. are II near miSs 
by mutual consent Fresh 
ide .. and fascinating cha rac~ 
lera WIth I II the fun and 
Ir, nzy of anv wedding 

Vol1eyball. .. USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union Continued from page 9 

took two straight from the 
Tritons to win the Tourney. 

Overall, the team is 
1000% improved , and 
things are looking up for 
the NA IA National Cham-
pionships which will be 

held in May, here at UCSD. 
In one of their rare home 
games, the volleyball team 
will take on the San Diego 
Masters tonight in our own 
gym. Come Qut and take a 
look at this wonderous 
terml 

:111111111 III 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 ... Time to Recycle Your 

l. ~~ 
fk.iE 

,f,.i!t-;} 

Shanghai 
Mandarin & Shanghai 

Style 
Chinese Restaurant 

10% off dinner 
menu with student 1.0 . 

Old Tin Can? 

~ ;i.. it 1t 1. MAY WE SUGGEST ~ 
i_ .t; 1 . ~)jb SMO~~!~~~:~ FOR i_ 

" WEEKDA Y LUNCHES 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our "Automa · 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer discounts and 
market va lues of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Un ion makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

1ft f~' ~ 
lttl it f. 1017 prospect 

LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

I~~~~~I 
I Un iversity & State Employees 

Credit Union 
5555 Mildred 51. 297·1838 

5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

Come to 
NCR 
San Diego for ()pportunity 
If you can th ink creatively in the realm of adva nced data processing systems, we offer you the 
opportunity to create an important place for you rself in one of the world 's great computer com-
panies. Because of our across-the-board . world-Wide com mitment in computer systems, your 
career will be as secure as it is exciting . Your work will consist of challenging. non-defense as-
signments aimed at improving business, fin anCial. government and educat ional operat ions In 
121 countries. In short. NCR offers you a reward ing today, a certain tomorrow. and a chance to 
claim your fa ir share of the computer fu ture. To learn more. please reserve the date below 

thats 
as 
bright 
as you 
are 

Opportunity at 
B.S. and M.S. levels 
Important. continuing commercial activity in : 

Software Programming 
Ongination. design. development and 
implementation of complex software systems; 
development of original functional design and 
processing techniques ; deSign and 
Implementation of state-of· the-art data basel 
file management software and a large-scale 
on·li ne multi' programming execult ve deS ign. 
flowchart ing. coding and Implementation of 
on-line executive software modules. For EE. 
Computer Science or Math graduates 

on-Campus 
Interviews 
Friday, Apr. 6 
To arra nge an appoIntment conract me Placemenr 
O"ectOr In the Occupatlon.!1 Placemenr Olflce now 
If you cannot schedule An ;,opomrment lor the 
mrervlew date . please s~~d 1 resume to the Unlverslry 
Placement O"ector 0' to Illl add'ess betow 

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION 
16550 W Rerna,do Dr San Dleqo Calli 92127 
An ,qual OPPQrtunity emplo')'.' m I '" fern '. 

Page 11 Friday, March 16, 1973 Triton Tim S 
, ' " , " . "I. I. , I 



................ announcements ............................ --

ASIAN A'.1 RICAN STU-
DENT ALLIANCE meeting, 
Frl., 3 pm, ~SA office, East 
Wing, Bldg. 250 MC. (3/16) 
UCSD corn posers present 
International electronic con- ' 
cert, Fri., Mar. 16, atB p.m. in 
409 MC. (3/16) 
Mr. Marc Allen of the CAli-
FORNIA LAW CENTER, at 
Lone Mountain College in 
San Francisco, will be on 
campus Fri., Mar. 23, to talk 
with students who are inter-
ested In their Master's of Sci-
ence program for legal spe-
cialists . Come to Career 
Planning, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
2D, Muir for appointment. 
(3/1 6 ) 
Ms. Diane Herman, olthe IN-
TERNAL REVENUE SER-
VICE, will be on campus Fri. 
Mar. 30, to interview stu-
dents of all majors for posi-
tions as Internal Revenue Of-
ficers, Tax Auditors, and 
Special Agents. Come by 
Career Planning Services, 
6th Floor, Bldg. 20, Muir 
College, for appointment and 
to pick up your copy of the 
IRS employment brochures. 
(3/16) 
DEADLINE: Tickets for the 
All-Cal Spring Carnival at 
Squaw Valley will only be on 
sale till Friday, Mar. 16. Tic-
kets and other information 
concerning this ski trip can 
be obtained at EDNA Mon., 
Wed., Frl. from 11-1 :00 and 
Tues . and Thurs. from 11-3. 
So hurry and buy your ticket 
to what should be the party of 
all parties. (3/16) 
Joint APIS/PHYSICS Semi-
nar Fri., Mar. 23, 1973. Time: 
11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Place: 
Rm. 2250, Bldg. 2A, Muir 

Campus. Speaker: Dr. H. 
Schwartz, Rensselaer Poly-
technic Institute. Title: Dif-
fraction and Modulation of 
Electron Waves by Intense 
Laser Fields. (3/16) 
Students must renew or clear 
gym lockers no later than 
Frl., Mar. 23. For lockers not 
renewed, clothing & equip-
ment will be removed and 
discarded. (Contents will not 
be bagged) For further in-
formation, call ext. 2282. 
(3/16) 
Friday, March ' 16, 9;11 a.m. 
Graduate Student Council 
meeting, Conference Room 
103A Matthews Campus. 
(3/16) 
A slide show on "SINGA-
PORE" will be presented by 
Lana Cheng of SIO on Fri -
day, Mar. 16, at 8 p.m. at the 
International Center Lounge, 
Matthews Campus. EVERY-
ONE WELCOME. Wine and 
cheese will be served after 
the presentation . (3/16) 

.aturday 
Purim CelebrlJtion with ser-
vices, a play- dancing and 
hamantaschen at Temple 
Beth EI in Clairemont, begin-
ning at 6:30 p.m. Mar. 17. In-
grid 755-3725. (3/16) 
live entertainment 8:30 Sat. 
evening at the Coffee Hut In 
woods near Revelle Pro-
vost's Office. (3/16) 
Explore, the artists ' and 
craftsmens' co-operative lo-
cated at 911 Hornblend in 
Pacific Beach is planning to 
hold its grand opening on 
Sat. Mar. 24th. Anyone in-
terested in joining Explore 
come any Sun. at 7:30 pm or 
call 454-6988. (3/16) 

.unday 
La Jola Jewish Community 
Purim Celebration, Sun. 3-
1811 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the In-
ternational center. Plays, 
dancing and refreshments. 
All invited. (3/16) 
Natural Health Society will 
hold a hike in San Clemente 
Natural Park on Sun. Mar. 
18, at 10:30 lI.m. Public In-
vited, bring a light lunch. 
Hike will not be strenuous. 
Info on the club will be of-
fered. Call 274-0822 (3/16) 

monday 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

general 
ASIAN AMER ICAN STU-
DENTS INTERESTED in 
class on Asian American La-
bor History, Spring 1973. For 
info. regarding class, read-
ing list, etc., contact Nancy 
X2162 or AASA office. 
(3i16) 
Students interested in play-
ing intercollegiate handball 
should contact Margie Smith 
at the P. E. office or phone 
453-9374 and -leave their 
name, address, and tele-
phone number. (3/16) 
Free Films for Finals Week -
8 p.m. - Revelle Cafeteria. 
Tues. "The Bridge Over The 
River Kwai". Wed . "MacKen-
na's Gold". Thurs. "I Love 
You Alice B. Toklas". Pre-
sented for your enjoyment by 
the Revelle Residence Hall 
Board. (3/16) 

Representations of repre-
sentations - Photography 
show upstairs in Cluster li-
brary by Visual Arts 167B 
Winter Quarter. (3/16) 

Anyone interested in be-
coming a tutor in the Lit. 10 
writing program In Fall, '73 is 
invited to apply now and start 
your training In the spring 
quarter. You must have a 3.0 
GPA and 84 units by the end 
of this quarter. Contact Su-
zie Jacobs if you are curious 
or interested. X1944 or 20, 
2024. (3/16) 

Important Acade-
mic Senate Meet-
Ing on Tue.day, 
March 20 to dl.-
cu.. The Fourth 
College Acade-
mic Plan. M .. tlng 
I. at 3:30 P.M. In 
HL AUD. 

OFFICIAL NOTICE FROM 
THE REGISTRAR' S OF-
FICE 

A notice concerning a re-
cent change in our gradong 
policy was mailed to all stu· 
dents with Fall Quarter, 
1972, grades. Apparently 
this notice caused some mis-
understanding. The follow-
ing explanation should clari-
fy the new policy: 

Undergraduates may re-
peat courses only when 
grades of 0, F, or NP were 
received . When a D, F, or NP 
course is repeated and is 
one among the first sixteen 
(16) units repeated, the ori-

ginal course, grade, and 
grade points will be ex-
punged from the student's 
permanent record . In the 
case of repetitions beyond 
16 units, the original course, 
grade, and grade points will 
remain on the permanent 
record and the grade point 
average will be based upon 
all grades assigned and to-
tal units attempted. D or F 
grades may not be repeated 
on a P/NP basis. (3/16) 

A list of Revelle Seniors who 
have announced to gradu-
ate at the end of Winter '73 is 
posted outside the Revelle 
Coliege Provost Office . 
Those students who have an-
nounced to graduate should 
check the list to make sure 
their names are on it. (3/16) 

The Women 's liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1:30 every,day, and 
people are welcome to drop 
by Rm. 4, 250 MC (ext. 
3006) . Also WLF has pot-
luck dinners on alternate 
Weds. and Thurs. (Phone: 
459-7280) . All women invit-
ed . (EI) 

Writing Clinic is open. Ex-
perienced tutors will read 
your rough draft papers or 
help you with other writing 
problems such as propo-
sals, applications, etc. You 
can make appointments by 
calling X2401 or go to the 6th 
floor of Bldg. 20. (3/16) 

A FESTIVAL OF WOMEN'S 
FILMS will be presented Mar. 
29 & 30 at the downtown 
YWCA, 1012 C SI. The festi-

val will feature the first show-
ing of "Ana is Observed: A 
Film Portrait of the Woman as 
Artist" , an hour-long film 
about the life of Anais Nin. 
'Three original short films by 
women filmmakers will also 
be presented Including San 
Franciscan Constance Yu-
klc's "Ova Express", a wo-
man gangster fantasy, and 
UCSD filmmaker Eileen Grif-
fin's "The Golden Crotch." 
There will be one showing 
Thurs. Mar. 29 at 8 p.m., and 
two showings Fr. Mar. 30 at 7 
and 9 p.m. $1 .75 donation 
includes free refreshments. 
Tickets are on sale at the Wo-
men's Store, 4157 Adams 
Ave. or at the door. Call 
Holly, 453-2884, for more 
info. (3/16) 

The lit 10/ Subject A pro-
gram is offering a seminar 
next quarter on Hoboes; their 
folklore, involvement in poli-
tics, and depiction in litera-
ture. The course is intended 
to be light and rather anti-
academic, in honor of the 
Spring Ouarter and the to-
pic. The readings will in-
clude accounts of hobo jun-
gles, techniques of trans-
portation, selections from the 
biography of Boxcar Bertha, 
etc. Weekly reading is meant 
to be thought-instigating 
(inspirational??), but rather 
brief (15-25 pages unless 
you're over· motivated or not 
hassled). Short weekly writ-
ing will be stressed, with 
tutoring always available. If 
you are interested, and can 
make it to class either Mon. 
or Wed., 1-3, contact Suzie 
Jacobs in the Writing Clinic, 
on the second floor of 20. 
(3/16) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~ents ~rourselves~~~~ 
services 

BMW 5MB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So HIli 
OceanSide 722·8114 
We service all makes 
01 Icrelgn cars. (EF) 

OUTSTANDING TYPING service. IBM 
Selectnc II. From 75¢ per page B 
Condra. 453·5346 (4 /3) 

Anvone Interested In a fide to Covina, 
G'endora. or West Covina Mar 16· 17. 
call Mike' 453-1951 (4/3) 

Expert TYPing - 5 yrs. experience on 
all types 01 papers. Fast service. Ex-
cellent grammar and spelling. SO¢/pg . 
Clallemont area. IBM Selectnc. Call 
Manlyn at 565·7060. (4/3) 

HELIX EMPLOYMlNT 
AGI!NCY 

Low lee - no deposit 
Time payments· no interest 
Permanent and temporary 

positions available 
2560 Fllst Ave. 

San D.ego 
Tele.lhO(le· 235-612t 

(4/3) 

ALASKA. 1 edIl "de (only) to Fair-
banks lor 61 ~rs hard work on my 
experiment. I cabin community 
near there. ,~u, help dnve. ~ cars Iv. 
Apr 15 lor 2-3 wk camp triP Law· 
abiding nonl makers prelerred Pets & 
children 0'" ~:rlt$ Cc:,:~ ""C'p""nt; 
t070 Bnoht fl . EI Contro Ca. 92243 
(4/3) 

10lt and found 
LOST BroY n ~eret In MUll Commons 
- Dorm alla - I~ '. last week RE-
WARD' 75! -6 86. or X2755 Loren · 
zo (3/16) 
Lost hght oreen coat wi oolden but-
tons Ph 488-9171 (4/3) 

perlonals 
HB Ih,. one IS 'rom me. give Bunon 
rny bounc t hello TB (3/16) 

Mom II"ve you. I'no trying to follow the 
good example you set. but I don't have 
a. large libido. tu hlia (3/1 6) 

Janet· lust because you're leaving 
doesn'l mean we aren't gOing to keep 
track of you. Good luck Your sweeties. 
(311 6) 

TO THE BLUE NOVA who rearended 
me at 12:58 AM 3- 13. no damage was 
done but you are %¢$I· ? (3/1 6) 

s.w I hope you always realIZe how 
hard I am pushing on that hOnky 
mountain . F.V (3/1 6) 

B.B H. - May you have the happiest 
01 birthdays yet - you sexy thing. All 
my love. T T.F. (3/16) 

hou.lng 
Needed: Female to share duplex In Oel 
Mar with two other girls. l':! block Irom 
beach. $751 mo. 453-8409. Ask for 
Gall. (3116) 

Male Roommate Wanted La Jolla 
Village Apts. $68 751 mo. Call 453-
8157. (3/16) 

$55. 5p. Quarter Fern . to share room 
with Med. StUd. Pri. entra .. bath. relng 
Across from ocean. 454 -1 946. (3116) 

Fpr Rent: Own room in house In Claire-
inon1. Pets okay. female prelerred. Call 
565-0996 (3/16) 

Wcet tj . ? '" more gil'" to rent lull· lurn. 
2 bdrm apt upstairs f'1I JPlex $175. 
272· 9345. (3/16) 

For rent. House, new. 2 BR unl . adults 
35 yrs +. no pets. $ 175 Enclnllas, call 
collect (213) 874-8535 eves. (3116) 

Super manslon·by· the·Sea LJ IncO yd 
extras share $300 thru sumr t ·2 grvy 
people 459-8595. ( ~/3) 

Diverse. flghfoknlt micro-community 
_ ks new members 10 fill spaces left 
by lamily members Available Apnl t . 
rent IS negotiable Redneck, need noI 
apply Call Ru.sell at 4&3·2000 ut 
1117 or 2060· 2072 Glasgow Av 
Cardiff (Ia evening) 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, March 16, 1973 

112 roommates. male. Ig 4 bdrm. 4 ba . 
home Del Mar on beach. $75/62 per 
mo nxt. qtr. 755-2044 (4/3) 

I need to sublease a single dorm room 
on Muir lor spring. Please call Suzy. 
273·S049 (4/3 ) 

t bdrm. house Leucadia bluff sublet 
Mar 23·June 10 S2oo1 mo. 753·4714 

I g,,1 needed to share 3 bdrm beaut. 
apt. in P.B. Young people in bldg. Joan 
274·4655 (4/3) 

FOR RENT 1 bedroom in large. loose 
Del Mar House SSO/mo. Call Lou 755· 
7539 . (413) . 

Room lor rent In Del Mar house. ISO 
yds Irom the beach. $85/mo. + utll. 
Jeff 755-8697. (4/3) 

Need quiet fern. to share lurn. apt 
Own bdrm and bathrm. $571 mo Incl. 
util. Helen 273·8367 (4/3) 

1 male to share 2 br apl in 0 M Many 
exlras Inc tennis crts. pool. and Irplce. 
Oan 755·9439 a" 5pm (4/3) 

Oel Mar is super In springl own room In 
• turn. house. _ to believe! $SO/mo. 
755·6532 aft. 5. (~/3) 

Fern. rmte. needed lor house in Det 
Mar spring qualler 755·8697 aft. 5 
(4/3) 

trayel 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND. No more 
club teest SO Capartures. also NYC. 
Japan & Australia. Youlh Fares. 100. 
Since 1959: ISTC. 323 N. Beverly Or .• 
Beverly HIllR. Ca. 90210. (213) 275-
8180. (5/29) 
lUPlOPl!, IIPlAlL I JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND. SKI & CAMPING TOURS. 
A.I.I.T., 1436 S LA CIENEGA BLVD . 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90035 (213) 652· 
2727. (611 ) 
10TH ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE. Irom 5239 round · t"p 
JAPAN lrom $359 round· trlp. NEW 
YORK April 14·22. $172 round· trip 
Call Fhght Chairman. 583- 1297, 4246 
Overtand Ave .. Dept A . Cutv r City 
90230 W3) 

wanted 
Ride needed: to Salem. Oregon and 
return. Ready to go March 2 tst eve· 
ning Carla. 453-8768 (3116) 
Upright p,ano wanted. please call 755· 
2058. (3116) 

POETRY WANTED 
lor Poetry Anthology. Please send 
poetry with stamped return envelope 
to. Contemporary Literature Press. 3 t 1 
Colifornla Street. Suite 412. San Fran· 
cisco. California. 94104. (4/24) 

I need a ride to Palo Alto. Stanlord 
area. Leave Frl., or Sat. , finals week. 
Share exp .• drIVing. Mary: 453·7257. 
(311 8) 

WANTED: Good home lor 5 mo old 
mixed pup; spayed & has distemper 
shots; Bill 755-6060 days (3116) 

Need tire chains lor VW during last 
week 01 Mar. 454· 2475, evenings 
(3/16) 

Handicapped man (mosHy self· help) 
needs roommate by April 10 $851 mo 
Dave Greene 298·9618 (413) 

Wanted: Muir apartment lor quarter 
break. Bob at ~53-6102 . (3/16) 

Student needs help In 'tiling out 
appllcallons "earnings unlimited'· 
Joe 280· 2375 (3116) 

Need Inlo about trails and backpack-
Ing conditions at the Grand Canyon. 
Keith ~53·6112 (413) , . 

Help. Male student desires brief plato· 
nic marriage lor legal! economic rea· 
sons Females only. 453· 5363 Iv 
message lor Marc (4/3) 

Needed. a nde to Portland or Seanle-
soon Either Mark or Galt at 755-7022. 
(3116) 

Wanted ' Cell Biolo{ly by de Robertls. 
5th ed Chnl: 755·6542 (4/3) 

for .ale 
'68 Kawa 250 acrambl r Mach. xlnl. 
Street or d irt Extra. $250. Call 
George, 6pm. 459·6114 (3/16) 

4 Dorman'S recaps wi tUbes. 5:90115 
fit VW. $25. Call George 6pm. 459-
6114. (3/16) 

'58 Chevy Sta. Wgn. Runs well. S t 50. 
Call 488-2912 eves. (3116) 

Singer Zigzag Portable. case. attach-
ments, guarant e. $65. After 51 wknd. 
272·8768. (3116) 

Kneeboard $ 10. Doug. 453· 0992. 
(3/16) 

AMIFMIMPX 1973 PIONEERI GAR· 
RARD 200 wan. New 5500. want 53SO. 
Wayne. 755-8763. nights. (3116) 

Two telephones made by lIT. $20 
each, 453·8722, Ask lor Michael. 
(3116) 
Tired 01 putting your hand over the 
phone and your caller stili hearing what 
you say? Try phone censor: you push 
a button and telephone transmission Is 
temporarily interrupted. Call 453·8722. 
(3116) 
Sponsor needed Ir Thoroughbrd geld· 
ing wlEng teck, Irom April thru Sept 
1973: Holly. 755-6520. (3116) 

For sale, New 1971 Flat 124 coupe. 
Excellent condition. Bast offer. 453· 
5423. (4/6) 

'67 Plymouth Sport Coupe Fury til 
Bronze with blk vinyl top. AUI. trans. 
Power: seat. steering. brakes. Tinted 
glass. radio, heater. new radial w.w. 
tires - ONE OWNER - Sharp cond o 
$850. Jeri. 453·2768 a"a' 5. (3/16) 

'65 Olds. Vista Crulsar F·8S Green 
Station Wagon . 9 passenger. tilt steer-
Ing wheel . radio. heater. Power: 
brakes. wtndowa . Leather Int .. Mlcha· 
Itn tires In fair condo Ex . cond $5SO. 
Jeri, 453· 2768, after 5 (3116) 
'64 Chev Corvalr Monza Coupe-
Wht. with blue lealher Int radio, heat· 
er. lactory air cond white wall tires -
ONE OWNER - excellent cond $3SO 
Jeri. 453·2768 aflar 5 (3116) 
1966 Volkswagen BUI with Newly Re-
built engine. New Brakes and paint. 
Sf ,ISO 00 Yvonne al 753-70~2 or 
453· 2000 X2536 (3116) 
Flute Sloo Good condition John 
~53·6208 (4/3) 

Like new Schwinn Varsity 10-speed. 
580 With lock & cable. Brian 459-0093 
aft. 8:30 pm (4/3) 
Lafeyette L85T stereo amp xlnt 85 W 
$701? Car reverb $5. Obi. bed $ 1 O. 
Guitar $10. 488-9903 (4/3) 
Brand New Factory 8 Track Tapes and 
Cassettes. Rock. Country. and Folk 
music. Only $2.99 Wes. 274-~29 . 
(4/3) 
'67 Cortina GT. rblt. eng .. Irnt KONIS. 
rear GABRIIELS. nu 2 bbl. HOLLEY. 
lOIS more. bel. 9am 273-26:18 (4/3) 
Karman Ghla lor sele. 1963 very good 
condo 223·8987 evenings 5 to 7 (4/3) 

VW pickup Single cab 1600 engine. 
Excellent cond o 488· 7027 (3116) 

1960 Corva/r $200. Good condl~on . 
Girls 10'speed Raleigh $70. Queen 
size waterbed wi lrame $25. Cathryn 
755-7539 (4/3) 

1 pr Swiss mountain climbing bool8. 
new. Mark 755·7887 (4/3) 

61 Dodga Sta Won. Runs well. nMd. 
bettery. $125. 211 Acacia. 755·3949. 
(4/3) 

'72 Yamaha 2SO Enduro. Per1ect 2.000 
ml. $600. Phil 753-4362 eve. (4/3) 

2 almost new 14 Inch tires $20 or best 
olfer 755·3025 aft 5:00 (~/3) 

Beethoven compo plano music. 20 
stareo records. paid 520. sell 11 $ 15. 
never ueed. Julia ~53·6557 (4/3) 

Peugeot PX· l0 exc. cond .. all alloy 
bike. Many aXlra •. lOme Campy parts 
and spares. Greg 453·5155 W3) 
Snort n' Norlin '71 750. With oil cool-
er, new tires. new chain. Built lor tour· 
Ing. Mike 453-6208 (4/3) 

Horae Grey Mare 7 Yra. l':! A .. ~I.n 
Good Hunterl Jumperl Trail $5SO or 
besl o",r at La Joita Village Farm • • 
Laurie ~53·2683 (413) 

HONDA 4SO. '71 exc. condo $650. 
LOTUS ELAN conV .• blue best oHer. 
453·58~4 . (4/3) 
'61 bugey. Sprite Herb 453-0593 
(4/3) 


