
Student Goverance: Transition from SLIC to USC 
Rick Oro. 

Spring is not only the time for rebirth of plants and animals but also marks the 
renascence of student. government at UCSD. 

Last Spring the Associated Student Government was abolished in a referendum and a 
new, temporary student government, the Chancellor's Advisory Committee on Student 
Life Styles and Interests (SLlC) was born. 

SLiC has two representatives from each of the collegesand one from each of the ethnic 
groups on campus. In addition it has representatives from the medical school and the 
Graduate Student Council. This year it allocated the undergraduate student activities 
fee and made some campus policy decisions. (See chart determining how money was 
spent). 

Last week SLiC announced its plans for future stud nt government at UCSD. These 
amount to two distinct levels of goverance : one for each of the colleges and a separate 
body, unified to deal with university issues. 

Each of the three colleges (as well as fourth college when it opens) will have their own 
separate governments. These will make college level decisions and allocate college 
money, like each college's share of the vending machine profits. 

Each college will also select three students to be part of a newly created 
Undergraduate Student Council (USC). This council will be composed of one member 
from each ethnic group on campus. 

The USC will serve two main functions. First it will allocate the $18/year student 
activity fee that undergraduates pay. These fees, amounting to around $100,000 next 
year will be used to support most student organizations like the Campus Programming 
Board and the Communications Board. 

The USC will also select undergraduates to serve on campus-wide committe s in 
which each colleg does not have a representative. Another important committe post 
next year will be th newly crea ted Chancellor's Advisory Committee. 

This commi ttee will function as a liaison between the USC, the chancellor's office and 
th Graduate Student Coun il (GSC). The GSC is made up of two representatives from 
each of the graduate departments at UCSD. 

SLlC, this year's government, will begin the difficult task of planning for next year's 
budget allo ations to student organizations this week . The proc ss began last week, 
after th May 1 deadline for submission of next year's budget. In the coming weeks 
each organization requesting money will be scheduled to meet with the SLiC finance 
committee and discuss their budgets for 1973-74. 

During these budget hearings SLiC will evaluate each request on the basis of many 
factors. Some of these will include the following : 

- how was the previous allocation spent last year 
-how many students are interested in the organization 
-how many requests will SLiC receive for its budget 
-how will next year's budget be spent by the organization ... 
These meetings are expected to be completed by june 1 so that each organization will 

know where it stands when school begins in the fall. Since each of the colleges and 
ethni groups must have selected their representatives to th USC by june 1 also, this 
will be one of SLiC's last duties. 

SLiC will meet with the USC a few times before the end of the quarter to orientate the 
new committee. The SLiC will disband and the USC and the GSC will assume SLiC's 
duties. A new period of student government will be born at UCSD. 

Continued on page 3 

Volume'" Number 11 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, May 8, 1973 

Paz on Politics, Poetics 
lIu ... Scudder 

Octavio Paz, Mexica n 
poe t and essayist, and 
Regent's lecturer, spoke on 
the development and 
characteristics of modern 
French poetry in his third 
lecture last Thursday. 

According to Pa z, the 
modern French movement 
invo lved a profou nd 
change in moral, artistic 
and pllitical attitudes, rup-
turi ng old patterns. 

Sr. Paz began the lecture 
wit h a summary of the 
Enlightenment and the 
Roma ntic movements. 

The Enlightenment, he 
said, was founded on the 
idea of rationality and 
perfection in change. The 
Enlighten ment imitated, 
J cording to Sr. Paz, th 
Greco-LatiTl traditions the 
ideas of "moderation and 
order." Primative or "i o-
dian art" was ignor d, 
bing "view d as bar-
barous." 

The Romantic move-
ment of th nineteenth 
c ntury recognized a 
" pluality of b auty" and 
con eiv d a fa scinatio n 
with art of cu ltures other 
than Greek or Latin . The 
Romantics represented a 
"s eparatio n from 
tradition." 

The Romantic mov -
ment, according to Paz, 
began with German and 
English poets, was poorly 
imitated by th e French 
Romantics, who were in 
turn poorly imitated by th 
Spanish. 

• The tw nti th c ntury 
sa w two major 
dev lopments in poetry, 
Paz said. T.S.Eliot and Ezra 
Pound attempt d to 
" negate th mod rn 
Wor ld " through 
Un 0 las I 1m." Th y 
att mpt d to r turn to an 
"an i nt ord r " and tradi -
tion, found sp ifi ally in 
r ligion. They look d for 

Octlvlo Pil 

"civili za tion" in the Greek, 
Roman , and Confucian 
Chinese traditions. 

The neoclassicism in 
Pound and Eliot, according 
to Pa z, was a reaction 
against adva n ce d 
technology, mechaniza-
tion, and loss of individual 
human importanc in 
modern soci ty . 

Th e Fren h modernist 
movement in poetry, said 
Pa z, was also a reaction 
against th se am modern 
characteristi s. However, 
he ex plain ed that th e 
French did not return to 
tradition, but represented 
a "ruptu r with 
ci vili zation". 

The French movement 
began, according to Paz, 
after 1910 and th "explo-
sion of su rrea li m." For th e 
po ts of th movement, 
ther were no mod I . Paz 
said they manifested a 
"fas ination for th 
primitivei childr n, the in-
an , wom n, th jungl ." 

Throu gh th mod I , 
th y " n gat d th r. alisti.c 
ivilization," and fill d It 

with " b ings of pas ion 
and in tin t." 

Paz de crib d th ir po -
ty a an ultimat rit~ is'!' 
of iviliza tion, omparm 1\ 
to th ritici m manif t d 

by the Marquis de Sade 
and Henri Rousseau . The 
poetry "negated history 
and looked toward the 
future ," was "anti-
tradition," especially anti-
Christian tradition. 

The modern French 
poets exalted passion and 
the body. According to 
Paz, they represented an 
amplicication of Romantic 
spirit. 

As did the Romantics, 
Paz noted that these poets 
"violated the social order" 
especially that of 
"capitalism, deprivation, 
rationality, and 
Ch ristian ity ," "exa lied 
eroticism" as rebellion and 
a change in values, and 
emphasized " the extreme" 
seen in "instinct and 
passion." They "accen-
tuated at rupture with 
Western civilization." Th 
French movement 
represented a "total, ab-
solute critici m" of modern 
civilization. 

Paz discussed th coin-
cidences of the 
neoclassi ism of Pound 
and Eliot, and of the French 
movement in "the use of 
symbols, the common 
negation of the modern 
world, th reaction of 
horror in the face of th 
twentieth entury, fill d 
with blood and fascism," 
and the struggl "with th 
questions of eviL" Th 
mod rn Fr nch mov ment 
in po try affirmed other 
values," thos bing valu s 
of " ommunion and 
passion." Pa z th n dis-
cus d th ir ommon 
"a c ptan of Fr ud and 
Marx," and th 
flu n of th urrea list . 

Paz on Iud d th I c-
tur by an wring 
questions. He will d liv r 
his l a t I tu r on 
Thur day, May 10, 3 p.m. 
atat HL 1449. 

Chavez Here for Festivities· 
Laura Scudder and Tim O'Neil 

Mariachi bands, theater 
depicitng Mexican 
heritage, and M xican 
food contributed to the 
festival atmosphere at the 
Cinco de Mayo ce l bration 
last Friday. Cesar Chavez, 
United Farm Worker 
organizer, was featured 
speaker at the large 
gathering on the soccer-
field . 

Other speakers in-
cluded, Raul Ruiz, 
spokesman for La Raza 
Unida, a political party, 
Rodolfo"Corky" Gonzalez, 
director of the Denver, 
Colorado Cruzada para 
justicia ("Crusade for 
Justice") , Antonio 
Rodriguez, and a Chicano 
attorney,. 

Raul Ru iz began his dis-
cussion of the work of La 
Raza Unida in the barrios 
by saying, "When you 
speak of the party, you 
must speak of the life of 
th peopl, for ultimately 
they are th party." He said 
La Ra za Unida trie to 
know the "condition of 
p opl ," to "take into ac-
count what the peopl ar 
thinking." 

Ru iz emphasiz d the 
n ed for b tier education, 
saying that the Federal Civil 
Right Commission had 
released "good reports" 
on the onditions of 

du ation, with " data , 
re earch that cannot b 
d ni d," and that thi can 
bud a an "organizing 
tooL" 

Mr. Ru iz sire s d that 
th p opl h work with 
are "not p rp trator , but 
vi tims of- pov rty." H 
r mark d that the hi ano 
i "put out id th 
fram work of so i ty , and 
th n a u d for being 
outsid th framework ." 

Ruiz emphasiz d that 
laims that tho who work 

hard will u ed ar not 

Cesar Chavez 
p~ol' : S .. UII 

true for the poor. He also 
said that, when Chicanos 
enter a university, they are 
made to feel that the in-
titution is "doing 

something for you, when it 
should hav been th re all 
along." 

Ru iz explain d the ilUa-
tion in Guarlalupe, a small 
town in Southern Califor-
nia, where Chicano 
children do n t I arn an 
atmosphere of "f('ud al 

ducat ion," a situation ex-
po d by the Federal Civil 
Rights Commi sion. Ruiz 
explained the " truggl to 
make people understand 
the truth", the pro es of 
"politicization of p opl to 
und r tand th ir poverty." 
He al 0 tated that th 
proce s i a "que tion of 

en ration ." 
" orky" Gonzal z 

began his di ussion b 
tatin that he mpha iz 

Cha ano nationali m "not 
for hatred, but for 
organizing." H tat d that 
"cultural awarene s equal 

If- id ntifi tion" and 
that t ,i i pint of th 

hi ano movem nt ' 
truggl . 

The fir~t 

United tat s. He stated, 
" It is easier to incite, than 
to educate to r vok ." 

The n xt st p i action . 
Gonzalez emphaSized I ar-
ning to "organize as a peo-
ple "without allowing" 
pacification or addiction" 
to whit , Middle class, 
American culture. He used 
the analogy and said that 
the Chi anos must not 
"pass out" on an i olated 
i land , while a 
Franken tein' mon ter 
destroys the people and 
land around them, but 
must " resist." 

Gonzalez said that 
Chicano tudies are "im-
portant if the student is 
re eiving political 
awarene s," and the 
p rof ssor "presen ts 
sol utions instead of 
statistics." He stated that 
the tea hing of an 
academic subject without 
politi alization is a failure. 
He al 0 tated that 
"phi lo sophy hould 
become action in the 
classroom, rJllic ," etc. 

Gonzal z haracterized 
La Cruzada para justicia as 
an organization which 
"does not form chapters of 

I adership ." It is 
o iat d with th 
tate government" 

and ha " no meetings or 
con ultation " with 
governm nt agen ie. He 
characterixed it a an 
"a ociation of brother 
and i t r ." 

La Cruzada paro Ju ti ia 
war the "fir t hicano 
organi; ation to p ak out 
again t the Vi tnam War," 
a ordi 19 to Gonzalez. It 
run it " own s hool , with 
it own I adN hip." It i 
n t nc rn d with 

pr admg publiCit ' or 
buildin an im , but with 
doing "what ha te he 
done." In Dl'nv r , La 

ruzada para Ju ti la work 
to bring th ommunit 

Continued on plge 3 



• 

~IEILIE'ClrIEII) ~ltil()ll)lr\ 
Orgasmic Omelettes 

" Anyone can scramble eggs, but there's a difference between that and being a 
gourmet cook." 

Total OrRasm, Jack Rosenberg's new book, was originally aimed at therapists and now 
that it enjoys general' circulation, it's orientation is not for the novice. " I am not 
teaching people how to scramble eggs. This book is for those who already know how to 
scramble eggs, but recog nize the difference between that a being a gourmet cook." 

The book discusses sex and the ways to make it good and easy and Rosenberg 
concentrates particularly on the subject of energy exchange. 

Jack Ro enberg is a member of the Gestalt Institution in San Francisco. Gestalt, as he 
describes it is" A concept of learning what you are doing, how you're doing it, and what 
you do to prevent yoursel f from actualizing your potentia!. " The book is about sex and 
gestalt. 

Mr. Rosenberg said, in an inte rview on April 27, that he wrote his book because 
"there is no place to go to learn how to make th ings better. There are counselors and 
therapists who deal with specific sex 'problems', but no one talks about how to make 
good better. " 

Mr. Ro enberg feel that "sex is an exchange of energy," and that it is very necessa ry 
to concentrate on one's own energy. "The mere fact of knowing how to have 
intercourse doesn't mean you know how to ha ve energy exchange, which is rea lly what 
it's all about." 

Many people, in particular, many women, have (for one reason or another), 
developed the practi ce of turning off, right at the moment of mounting tension and 
climax. 

This i part of what Jack Rosenberg refers to when he talks of th e " misdirection of 
nergy." • 
" It's not too much; you have to learn how to tolerate it (the sexua l excitement and 

enrgy)", he replies . 
The book consists of an introduction, some background, and for the most part a series 

of exercises, some to be done alone and SO rrle with a partner. 
" The body knows what is natura!' The purpose of these exercises is to let the body 

experience the easy way of doing things. The body will use the "easy" movements, if it 
knows them." 

The original title of the book was "Not Just for Children" the idea being that sex is not 
just for the production of children. Because of its new t itle, many people have been 
associating th e book with convent ional 'sex manuals' or pornography. 

Mr. Rosenberg commented " Pornograph y doesn't deal w ith relationships, that's why 
It becomes boring so fast." 

He prefers to place his book w ith the " Well Body Books", which center on awareness 
of one's body. Mr. Rosenberg concluded with " People are beginning to ask what's 
going on with me?, saying, I want to know what 's wrong with me. I want to know what 's 
right with me!" And he thinks it's grea t. 

Text of Chavez Address 
Editor's Note: The following is the text 
of a speech delivered by Cesar Chavez 

Cinco de Mayo Celebration last 
at UCSD. 

Over 100 years ago an 
event took place in M xico 
tha t we gather today to 
cel brate , the Battle of 

inca de Mayo, May 5th, 
in the city of Pu bla, when 
the Redtf'ct Army of the 
M xican Republic engagecf 
the super, .J,,, best army of 
the day, the ~rench army. 

The Mexican army 
d feated th(' French Army 
at that battle. which gave 
the republic of Mexico its 
life and its ( X' tence . 

Therf' is anoth r great 
da y, S pterr ber 16, as you 
ma y know, which is the 
I ndep nd r Ce of Mexico. 

As w(' "Tlilke com-
pari~om, br efl y we would 
~ay that or S ptember 16, 
of 1810, that b tt l(' and that 
Wdf was for IncJep nd!'nce. 

But the peat mJ sas of 
th£' peopl' know lil1l(' 
about ind <!ndence. But 
by 1862. wh ~ n the battle of 
PUf'bla took place, th re 
W.JS by th n a d('si rp among 
the M xi an P ople. 

They w rf' beginning to 
b(' condous of the new 
Rata, th (' ra . And it was 
bec use of th grPat desir . 
to save, the great de~ire to 
pNpetud1e and k ep the 

n w Raza that those forces 
although far inferior to the 
great and might French 
For es, were ab le to defeat 
them. 

And it was because of 
thp defeat of that baltle 
and the turn of events 
there, that we then today 
say 'EI dia de la Raza!, the 
day of the Race. 

A new race won its rights 
to ex ist. But that same race 
continu es to struggle and 
pven today in the grape 
fie lds of California, th bat-
t Ie rag es. 

It's th(' same race. The 
d S( nd nts of those peo-
pi who made it possib le to 
have 11,~t r rp rontinue, 
are now fighting in those 
wape fi Ids also to b abl 
to make that, to p rmit that 
rac(' to con tinue, to live. 
To live with dignity; to live 
as most, as all working men 
and women d id to live. 

A coupl of weeks ago 
th(' giant of th£' lahor 
movement, th wealthy 
.lnd powerful T amst rs 
Union came to oachella 

aliI. Th(' y m"d a pact 
With the grap grow r~ in a 
di~gra cef ul a n d un-
pr cede nted act by any 

Pa~e 2 Tr,i on Times Tuesday, May 8,1973 

labor union in the history 
of this count ry, and joined 
with the employers with 
the specific pu rpose of 
destroying the Far m 
Workers Union. 

Indeed it is a shameful, 
si nful, immoral act on the 
part of those leaders, who 
lead that grea t I~rge 
wea lthy and corrupt union. 

We can understand this 
act; although w e don't 
accept the employe rs 
willingness to join other 
forces t o d estroy th 
l egi timate union of 
farmworkers, the 
farmwork rs union. We 
can und rstand, b cause 
that is th way t hat all 
employe rs react. 

But what w do not un-
d rstand is how a un ion, a 
socalled union, can come 
in and take surh a bold 
a tion . To lit erally ter-
minate a union of work rs, 
a legitimate union . 

A union that wa s es-
tablish d with swat and 
blood and t ars and a 
trem rTdous amou nt of 
sacri f i ov r a 13 year 
p riod of on tant 
struggle. 

To have this union, a ri 

"'Ebbing Marine 
"-

at SIO Resources" 
A two-day symposium on the nation's diminishing marine resources is scheduled 

Friday and Saturday, May 18 and 19, on the campus of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

The course, to be given in Sumner Auditorium, is designed to provide educators and 
the general public with accurate and authoriative information dealing with the past, 
present, and future states of exploitable marine resources. 

This marks the third annual environmental symposium in a series originated by 
Scripp's Vaughn Aquarium-Museum, Don Wilkie, aquarium-museum director, said. 

"Speakers from the University of California, San Diego and Davis; California State 
University, San Diego; and industry will discuss various aspects of their research, and 
provide an overview of their fields of study," Dr. John McCosker, symposium 
coordinator, said. 

" These specialists will attempt to integrate their complementary disciplines and 
provide a forecast of the directions of marine resource utilization as affected by 
environmental, economic, and political considerations." 

A fee of $15.00 for one-unit college-u niversity credit or a $5.00 fee for non-credit 
attendance is being- charged. The symposium is being presentened by University of 
California Extension and Scripps, under sponsorship of the Vaughn Aquarium-Museum 
and in conjunction with the Community Education Resources Board of the San Diego 
County Department of Education . 

Additional information and ~egistration may be obtained by telephoning 453-2000, 
Ext. 2380 or Ext. 2061. 

Topics for the Friday session, from 7 to 10 p.m., are : 
" Man's Influence on the Marine Ecosystem," by Dr. John A. McGowan, of Scripps; 

"The Fisheries Outlook," by David Kramer, National Marine Fisheries Service, La Jolla; 
and " Mariculture and Economics", by Dr. Robert Shleser, UC-Davis. 

Subjects for the Saturday session from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m are : 
" Sea Grant and Marine Resources," Dr. George Shor, Scripps Institution; "Abalone 

Mariculture," Dr. David Leighton, UC Institute of Marine Resources; "The Future of 
Petroleum Resources," D.E. Schicktantz, Continental Oil Co., Ventura; "Utilization of 
Seaweed Resources," Dr. Donald C. Barilotti, California State University, San Diego; 
and " Important Concepts for Educators," Dr. Robert Dean, San Diego County 
Department of Education, and Dr. McCosker, Symposium coordinator. 

But Life is for Learning! 
On May 1, a Conference for Creative Ignorance was held on the grassy area at Muir 

bordered by the apartments, the cafeteria , and 2D. The c.c.1. was a learning fair, where 
education was looked at from a different angle. Here the roles of " professors" and 
"student" were dissolved - people taught each other. Granted, people weren 't 
teaching each other O . Chem or Mathematics, but they were teaching each other why 
you can't use RIT dye on a parachute or how you can juggle three balls at once. Some of 
the events offer d were tie-dying, photography, mobile making, paper printing, 
juggling, films by the Senses Bureau, and kite making. There was even music, and a 
maypole. Everything was free to those who w ished to use it - the dyes, the kite-sticks, 
the construction wire. Everyone had a good time. 

The c.c.1. was one of the many projects that have originated from the Students 
Educational Change and Developmental Center. We are planning another fair before 
the end of the quarter, and we welcome any ideas or help you can offer. If you have a 
sk ill or tal ent you want to share drop by the Center in the Lower Muir Commons or ca ll 
X2516. 

union that will gain 
nothing, absolutely 
nothing except th e shame 
of all trad unions in this 
country; to have them join 
and try to destroy this small 
but legitimate and honest 
union is what w ca nnot 
understand. 

And so we told them, the 
t amst rs and the growers, 
th at th y had bitten off 
more th an they co uld 
chew. W ar not going to 
fall ov r and die. W ar 
going to fight back non-
viol ntly, but we ar going 
to fight back. We are going 
to giv th m a fight that 
they will r m mber for 
many years to come. 

We arc going to giv 
th m a fight b au of 
what they hav don . Th Y 
thought that they were 
taking on a group of poor, 
oft n tim illiterat, oft n 

tim e powerles s, 
farmworkers, and that they 
were going to run over 
th m and destroy them. 

But th ey, the teamsters 
and the employers, have a 
thing coming to them . 
What th y did ; they have 
tak n on every Chicano in 
th e U.S., and they are 
goi ng to get on them, and 
th eyar going to make life 
mi era bl until th ey get out 
of those fiel ds. 

Th y have also tak n on 
very black work r who 

belongs to the 
farmworkers union, who 
lov s th union ; and who 
knows damn well that if th 
tea m t rs stay th r , th y 
will have no hope of ever 
bing able to to mor than 
soup labour. And th y ar 
al so taking on the 
Filapinos; the Ameri an In -
dians; all th minoriti s 

that are made up in the 
farmworkers union; in-
clud ing the same white 
workers who belong to our 
union, who ..are madder 
than hell becaus they 
know th history and cor-
ruption of the teamsters 
union. 

The team t rs and the 
growers thought that they 
were going to tak e the 
farmworkers. NAY! They 
are going to take th men, 
they are going to have 
fi ght with the worker, with 
his wife, with his kids, with 
th grandfa th rand th 
grandmoth r. 

W e ar going t 
halJe ng th mall ov r this 
ountry, ware going to 

work out strategies nev r 
dream d of by them 
thought of by th m. W 'r 

Contlntllll 011 ,... 3 

t· ., 

teamsters in on th is plot ; that if florey buy grapes; 
wh n the going gets rough , they should get a free 
they'" ask the teamsters to pi cket line with those Festivities Continued rrompaga 1 
get the hell out. And then grapes. closer and to give an poor. The Chicano move-
they are going to ask th e Brothers and Sisters, we "identification as a ment and th p ople'x 

havez Address 
Contini. from PIli 2 
going to run circles around 
them until' they are all tied 
up. 

We'r going to stop their 
grapes in San Diego, in 
California inthe U.S., in 
Latin America, anywhere 
where American grapes are 
so ld; we' re going to be 
there boycotting and stop-
ping those sales. 

farmworkers to come ba ck need your help as we have 
d people." Gonzalez iden- struggle must never end." ibn. An we'll come back in , never needed your help tifipd Wounded Knep as Ant 0 n i 0 Rod rig u e z 

ut for more money this before. And we're going to the "focal point " of his spoke about the def ns of 
time. say that if th is union dis- group's concerns and of " los tres" who, as part of a 

Because you sec, money 
is no obstacle. We don't 
need money to fight, and 
time is our greatest fri end. 
And we'll fight as long as it 
takes. It is not a threat, it's a 
fact. 

... When a high official in appears from the face of 
th Nixon Administration theearth,thatitshouldnot the issues of importan e. program to eliminate 

Gonzalez ended his dis- her 0 i n fro m the i r arranged for Fitzsi mmons only be our fault, but th at 
cussion with the statement, neighborhoods, "moved to speak at the American of all of you . 

F "until every person is freE', against dealers, " and were 
We have, we know we 

know as you know we 
have, great faith that the 
American Businessman will 
bounce throu gh like a little 
rubber ball. 

arm Bureau Convention It will be the fault of you 
no one is fr e. Until there sentenced to serve a total 

in December of 1972; they who profess to have an are no political prison('rs, of seventy-five years . 
reasoned that they could interest , who profess to be 

. d d d h we are a II pol i tic a I The text of Cesar Chavez's 
We ' re going to take 

them on, we ' re gonna 
make the life of the 
employers so damn mis-
erable, then they would 
have hoped that they had 
never seen or heard the 
word tea msters. 

come In an isregar t e in love with justice,all of 
farmwork e rs , AF L-C IO, you who who to have an prisoners. Until th r are speech accompanies this 

d h bl no more poor, we are all article. ant e p u i' s rea ct ion to u n d e rs t a nd i n g 0 f w hat i s I~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 
this and just get away with ri ght and what is wrong; 

They always commit th e 
same mistake. We have 
great faith that as they, the 
employers, invited th e 

i t. th at you too should be 
It is no se ret to anyone blamed. 

that the Nixon Admin ist ra- But I think that it is not 
tion has not ever once es- going to get there. I feel 
tablishedanytypeofcom- confident that you 

G ce munica tions with us to deal brothers and sisters out o ve ran • • • with an y of th e outstanding th ere arc going to help us. I 
problems that farmworkers know that we shall do our 

Contlnuld frail PI,I 1 are confronted and con- part, and I know tha t 
CAMPUS ACTIVITY FEE ALOCATIONS 1972-1973 cern ed with in this nation . because of this we're going 

The only communication to be successful and the 
Organization or Activity Funding that we've had with them is work we started 13 years 
Program Board ...........•... ... . ... 24,080 when they come to harass ago may have a temporary 
Communications Board ..•............ . 24,080 us, when they come to in- delay, but it shall never 
UC Studen t Lobby .......•.......... ... 3,339 vestigate us, and when they stop. It sha ll never stop. 
Coast Cruiser .. ...... ..... . .... - . . ... 2,000 come to snoop around to Thank much . 
Lega l Services ... . ... ......•.......... 5,000 see how they can get us. --....;~-.....;.----... 
MECHA ...................... . ..... 2,580 Brothers and Sisters, the 
MOSCA ... ..... ...... .. . .... ....... 3,000 st ruggle is lear, the battle 
Ceramics Workshop .................. . .. 643 lines are drawn, what we 
AASA ... ... . ...............•........ 575 have to do is very clearly 
UNA .......• . . . . . . . . . ............. 1,100 set before us. 
NBSSO ............................. 1,280 W e must go to the 
BSU ......................•........ 2,705 Safeway Stores and picket 
Bridge Club .. . .............•........ . 200 them, we must force them 
Music Talent and Hobby ....... . •. .. • . .... 160 to respect our boycott, we 
Student Edu cational Change and must force them to stop 
Development Center . . ...... .. ......... 1,B05 selling produce that comes 
Media Access Co-op ................... 1,550 from the fields, we must 
Drama Club ......................... 1,000 stop eatting lettuce, we 
Soaring Club .... .. .. ...... . .... . .... .. 600 must not ea t grapes, we 
Jewish Student Association .... . ..... . ..... 380 must take it to heart, we 
Off-ca mpus Events . . ................... 3,000 mu st show> the su per -
CAL-PIRG ...... ... . . . . ...... ... ..... 3,630 market owners that if they 
Veteran's Association .................... 200 resist upon buying grapes, Corky Gonzalez 
Revelle Literature Lounge . .. ............ 350 that then they should know ,tote" s-. 

EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FR that 's how much the EE FREE 
EE FREE 
FREE FR 
EE FREE 
FREE FREE 

classified ads in the 
Triton Times cost to 

uc 0 students 

FREE FREE 

FREE F 
EE FREE 

FREE F 
FREE FREE 

EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE FREE FREE 

W ome n s Li ber at ion Fro n t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 90 F!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ ~~entLob~~SOffi~ . ... .... . ....... ~OOO I--------~ _____________________________ ~ 
Ski Club .................. . .. .... . ... . 65 
Supp lies .. ..... . ........ .. . . ........ 3,180 
Shared Telephone Equipment ..... . ..... .. 1,050 
Shared Typewriters .. ... .......... .. .. .. 700 
Approximate Total .......... . ..... ... . 91 ,342 

ANNUAL 

SPRING 
SALE. 

COMING SOON! 
Register for Prize Drawing 

PRIZES 
ON DISPLAY 

WATCH THIS 
PAPER FOR 

DETAILS OF SALE 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

,,1360 

Pag 3 Tue da I May 8, 1973 Triton Tim 



treton tiIlles 
University of C.allfornia, San Diqo 

La Jolla, u lifornia 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ell t. 1016, Advertising e llt.l017, 453-872~ 
C~my ShuicK, Edilor-in-Chief . Mich~e l Creene, Bli iness M~nager 

The editori~ls expressed below ~re approved by the TRITON TIMES Editori~1 Board. All other 
opinions t'xprt'5sed on this p~ge art' those of the authors whose n~mes appear in the bylines, ~nd 
do not nt'ce5sarily rt'fleet the .iews of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit m~teria l 1o be 
publisht'd in this section should st'nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, 
Revelle Campus, UCSD. 

UFW, Teamsters, Safeway, 
Lettuce Boycott, and You 

The United Farm Workers ' Union is The state Supreme Court, in a 6-1 deci-
continuing to call for a boycott of Safeway sion, found that injunction relief was not 
stores as its major thrust in the renewed merited because of the Teamsters grower 
boycott of head (iceberg ) lettuce. There relationship. 
appears to be some confusion as to the " From a practical point of view, an 
reasons behind the boycoll, as well as employers' grant of exclusive bargaining 
failure to recognize the current attempts of status to a nonrepresentative union must be 
the Teamsters to undercut the UFW considered the ultimate form of favoritism, 
through collusion with the growers labor completely substituting the employers' 
contractors. choice of union for his employees' desires." 

The life expectancy for migrant farm In March, 1971 the Teamsters agreed to 
workers is 49 years. Their infant and withdraw from these phony agreements 
maternal mortality rates are 125% higher with the growers. But now some officials of 
than the national average. They have a the Teamsters union have apparently 
260% higher death rate from tuberculosis. decided to re-activate the lettuce contracts 

Farm labor is the third most dangerous and fight the UFWU. 
occupation in the nation. Pesticide related Recently grape growers have refused to 
illnesses account [or the largest percentage negotiate new contracts with the UFWU, as 
of occupational diseases among farm the old UFWU contracts expire, and again 
workers. have recognized the Teamsters as the 

Child labor provides one fourth of the bargaining agent of the farm workers, 
agri cultural work force . The highest although there is mounting evidence that 
percentage of accidents from farm the Team ters do not have the support of 
machinery and other hazard occurs among the farm workers. 
the under 16 age group. From the poi nt of view of self-

The United Farm Workers has been determination and justice there are no 
organizing farm workers and representing Teamster contracts. The lettuce workers 
them in contract negotiations with growers have proven again through elections that 
& labor contractors. obtaining the conven- they want the United Farm Workers Union 
t ional citizen worker benefits farm workers to represent them. 
have been denied for many years, including One of the elements of the continuing 
unemployment insurance , workmen 's com- struggle is a boycott of Safeway stores. 
pensation coverage, social security in- Safeway Stores , Inc. is the nation':; largest 
surance . general wel[are assistance , buyer of lettuce ; it is the second largest 
minimum wage standards, and child labor grocery market chain in the United States, 
protections. and the third largest retailing company in 

The Teamsters have attempted to under- the U.S. (by sales volume ). In 1971 the 
cut UFWU negotiations by falsely claiming chain did 4.5 billion dollars in business in 
to represent the farm workers. When the U.S. Safeway markets 3900 freight car 
challenged by the UFWU , during loads of iceberg lettuce each year. This 
negotiations with the Di Giorgio Corpora- lettuce is currently being picked under 
tion in 1966 a secret ballot election was conditions that disable and degrade people. 
held . with results showing overwhelmingly Safeway could choose to not sell any head 
the farm workers' desire to be represented lelluce unless it was picked under con-
by the UFWU. dltions made possible with an enforced , 

Evidence of the Teamsters Unton worker-negotiated contract. Currently 
working in collusion with growers to block Sarfeway claims that they are buying 

FWU WAS CONFIRMED BY A Califor- " uion" lettuce, that is, lettuce picked by 
nia Supreme Court decision last December. Teamsters Union members. and that they 
The decision stemmed from an attempt by are only an innocent party caught in the 
the growers to get a court order preventing midd Ie of a struggle between two 
the UFWU from striking, picketing or legitimate unions. 
demonstra ti ng against growers who We have illustrated the " representative" 
signed contracts with the Teamsters. The quality of the Teamster s. The failure of the 
growers argued that any strike attempt by Teamster's leadership is not in farm labor 
the farm workers union was in violation of alone. Cannery workers, retail clerks, even 
Ca lifornia law which prevents strikes that truck drivers are charging that the 
trap innocent employers in the middle of a Teamsters is failing to guard their health 
battle between two legitimate unions. and safety in dealings with management. 

The court noted that " on the same day If Safeway began actively seeking lettuce 
(July 24. 1970 ) that the Teamsters Union picked by members of the UFWU, Safeway 
made its demand" on growers for recogni- is such a large part of the market that 
lion as bargaining agent for the farm growers would see that i t would be an 
work rs. the growers granted such recogni- advantage in selling thei r lettuce to have a 
tion . contract with the UFWU. No contracts will 

Shortly thereafter, the court noted, the be signed as long as growers can easily sell 
Teamsters and about 45 growers signed their lettuce. 
five year ccon tracts giving the Teamsters You can help the farm workers in their 
the exclusi I right to represent the farm drive to obtain just representation in 
workers. negotiating with growers and obtaining 

" During th first few weeks of August , decent working conditions : 
when the r.mk-and-file workers were final- Don' t shop at Safeway! 
ly advised I)f the agreements negotiated on Boycott head (iceberg) lettuce anyplace 
th ir behaP , mostof the workers refused to (at stores and restaurants ) unless you see 
ither join he Teamsters Union or to I dtify tnt> hl'lck eagle, the symbol of the UFWU, 

the growe--Teamster agreements," the on lhe box i n the cooler. 
court said . If you've been a regular Safeway 

In respor se to the charge that the UFWU customer , send your weekly register 
d s not r. !pres nt the workers any more receipts from the new store where you shop 
than th TeCl.Jllsters, the court noted that to UFW, 293411z Juniper Street, San Diego 
the growers denied many of the aHidavits 92104. The Union will pack them up and 
riled by farm workers alleging that some of send them to Safeway's president. 
the growers and their for men threatened Spr ad the word about the .. No on 
to fire workers who did not back the Sa feway" campaign. 
Team ters. Saf way r gards its 235 store Southern 

The court said it would be wrong to 1 t an California division as its most important 
employer use the power of state law to keep business indicator . The U .S. Dept. of 
out a " feared union desired by his Agri cu lture figures show the average 
mployees" by simply granting exclusive shopper sp nds about $1 ,329 a year in a 

bargaining sta tus to a union he knows is not supermarket . If you stop shopping 
representative of th workers. Safeway, you ' ll be missed. 

Page 4 Tdton TImes Tuesday, May 8, 1973 

~Cjfn 
'W E' RE PROTECTING A DINGBAT ASIAN DICTATOR 'ROM THE POWER-CRAZED ASIAN 

COMMIES • • • WHAT ELSE?' 

W·ere American Pilots 
Tortured? 

Le cong Phung 
After many years of deception, we must 

be very carefui when listening to what 
these released airmen are now saying. 

First they have said that the North 
Vietnamese tortured them to extract 
military information. This is hard to 
believe since everyone is aware that these 
pilots do not have a wealth of specific 
information. Rather all they are com-
missioned to do is just to drop bombs 
wh en they receive orders from computers 
located far in Thailand . Now they have 
switched to another line and we no 
longer hear this kind of deceptive story. 

Most of them are now saying that they 
were tortured by the North Vietnamese in 
order that they would , in order that they 
would, out of this horrible condition, 
consen t to see the U.S. anti-war visitors. 
But this also does not make sense. If the 
living conditions in the prisons were as 
bad as these men have descri bed, then 
the North Vietnamese, instead of tor-
turing them, could just have offered them 
better food, a couple of vitamins and a 
little more freedom. These would appear 
to have been sufficient inducements to 
convince these men to have met with 
anyone, if the stories of starvation of these 
pilots are correct. The Communists are 
excellent propagandists. It would not 
have been to their advantage to torture 
and starve these men and then exhibit 
them for propaganda purposes. 

Systematic torture is simply not a policy 
of North Vietnam.When a powerful coun-
try like the U.S. sends more than half a 
million soldiers to a tiny country like 
Vietnam, it is impossi ble for us, the Viet-
namese people, to force them out by 
military means. But we know that we have 
a sacred weapon. This weapon is the 
support of progressive people around the 
-world, particularly the Amer ica n people, 
because only the American people can 
change the policy of the U .S. 
government.nhe extent to which even 
the strongest opposition can change the 
policy of the government is decidly 
lim ited. But LBJ's st pping down from 

.~ , 

office and Nixon's final troop withdrawal 
can be understood as examples of the 
successfu I opposition of progressive 
groups. This has been true in France as 
well . Without the pressure from the 
French people, the French government 
would never have signed the Geneva 
Agreement in 1954.) So the policy of 
Vietnam has consistently been designed 
not to lose the support of the people the 
world over. Therefore torturing is both 
completely inconsistent and completely 
against the will of the Vietnamese. 

And history has proved this point : ln 
1954, th e Vi etname se had tens of 
thousands of French mil ita ry personnel 
captured. Now al most 20 years after all 
French POW's were released by the Viet -
namese, we have still never heard of any 
torture atrocities, either pub licly or 
privately. 

Then why are we hearing such stories 
from the American pilots now returning? 
There are several reasons : 

A.- First, the series of debriefing 
sessions at Clark Air Base in Philippines 
leads us to suspect that the U.S. govern -
ment wants these released pilots to tell 
the American people that they have been 
brutally treated so that the American 
public will turn against North Vietna. 

1.- ln this way, the U.S. government 
hopes that the American people will 
forget the atrocities that their government 
has perpetrated. 

Another aspect of this question is that 
these airmen, by using the most inhuman 
weapons in the history of mankind, have 
caused a tremendous amount of misery 
for the Vietnamese people, but now they 
are trying to portray the Vietnamese, not 
themselves, as cruel, savage and ruthless 
in order to justify th eir own criminal 
actions. 

This kind of propagandist tactic is not 
new te the U.S. government. It can be 
most clea rly understood when we com-
pare this government's portrayal of the 
Vietnamese with its attitudes towards th e 

Continued on page 10 
ON 
=>"" 

....l ~ g~ 
... . GO , N J .. 

,11M ~ &0<$ >-~,±~.",¢.(#., ~N --. . ... .. C:f<" ,-.~ s\.~~~ ..,>-'Ito\~ ~~ ~\~ g:;; 
.<:fF' ~o , \ w 

"''''' 
"e. \~-. ~e.~ ~" 5 ,.."" 

""'" ~ \\ ,~,e. ~,~ ~#' o~¢ ~ ... "'. \0 \ . ~ • • \. \: o'V _ o·i: ~<\\f, :oo~ ,,-.\ o'f' ~'-~ ~~ ~ w _ » 0 o~\ .. ~\\'! . ~ ~~(. S\"~ It-"~ ':i 
_u \lI-~ .j..~\o-'~~· ~cfJ ~~,-\ li \o\:tf>"~ o~~ ~~f\) ~\ . 0-(\" 

1:1 .. I. , \0 ~ ~\+ ~" .. \~~ c-,,\~ ...... w ~ ..,e -.~ O~'V ~,-\ ~'O\~ ~ ... ?: .., ~ ... u _ 0 ~ 0 '1 ~ z e u .... 

LETTE. Ttl THE' 8.,.. 
Mr. Paz Is 
Confused 
Editor: 

I would like to comment 
on Mr. Paz's obvious con-
fusion in his letter to last 
Tuesday's T.T. 

First of all, Mr. Paz is 
confused as to the purpose 
o f laws . Although laws 
affect people in a variety of 
ways, the philosophy 
behind them is to protect 
the individual against the 
possible harmful acts of 
others. 

Mr. Paz' second confu-
sion is more frightening. 
He see ms to think that the 
purpose behind an act 
justifies the act itself. He 
seems to have too little 
rega rd for other people. 
No matter how noble he 
fee ls boycotting Safeway is, 
painting th e walls of the 
school is vandalism. He 
co uld maintain the socio-
political Significa nce of his 
idea without committing 
va ndalism by taping card-
board signs on Urey Hall. If 
these acts were not 
cr iminal, wh y did they have 
to sneak about at night 
painting the buildings in-
stead of doing it at mid -
day? 

Mr . Pa z, it seems, 
believes that since there 
are more atrocious 
happenings in the world , 
we sho uld not conce rn 
ourselves with this minor 
affair. To this I would say 
that again Mr. Paz is con-
fusing the issues. It is true 
that atrocities go on in th e 
world, but they do not 
make vandalizing th e 

Downtown 
Discount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

Enjoy focal , personal 
service for all 

your camera nee~ . 

Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A Specialist in 
Ganon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459- 7355 

school less wrong . Ind ed, 
the fa ct that it is on a 
small er scale gives rise to 
the hope of stopping 
atrocities at the beginning. 
Vandalism is wrong in all 
it's shapes and sizes. 

Alan Eclcer 

Does Mr_ Paz 
Feel 
Superior? 
Editor: 

Do es Mr . Paz feel 
superior to me? IS it 
becau se I can see 
something beautiful in an 
un c lutter e d wall? 
Som t ing pure? Does he 
feel my desire to see the 
wall is wrong, and I have 
no right to see it if he 
desi res to paint it? Are h is 

rights more important than 
min? 

I would ask Mr. Paz, if I 
painted his car all over with 
"CLEAN AIR" would it be 
vandali sm? Wouldn 't he 
feel happy? He cou ld even 
drive in an environment 
full of expression. Mr. Pa z 
could then be a living ex-
ample of socio-po litical 
significance. But I wonder 
if the facts of rea l life po llu-
tion and th e terrib le things 
done to the land here 
would be any grati fication 
for Mr. Pa z's painted car, 
or would th e rea l issue be 
the paint and how to 
remove it without damage 
to the car? 

Sincerely yours, 
Mark Robertson 

New Politics: 
Send Virgins 
Into Whore -
houses? 
Editor: 

Arthur Helliwell 
(PolitiCians, Ugh! IT 5/4) 
should t hin g about a 
remark of H.L. Mencken -
that to cure the dishonesty 
of politi cia ns by haVing 
honest men run for office 
is like ending prostitution 
by sendi ng virgins into 
whorehouses. It is the 
nature of politicians to lie, 
steal, and (indirectl y) 
murder. The more power 
they have, the more they 
will do so. Or : Put not your 
fa it h in prince . ' 

William H_ Stoddard 

MME. SPIRO 

u.s. Continues to Support 
Political Repression In 
South Vietnam 

Don Luce 
I join every American and V ie tnamese 

in specia l happiness that an agreement 
has b en signpd that will end part of the 
vio lence in Vietn am. I met some of the 
American P.O.W.'s in Hanoi and then 
talked with their families on return to tnis 
country. I know womething of the hap-
piness of this moment for them. I met the 
victims of the bombing in Hanoi, Hai 
Phong, Q uang Ba, and Hai Duong - and I 
know a tiny bit of their great r lief, not to 
have to fear American bombs being 
dropped anymore. But the war will go on 
for most Vietnamese and it is a very 
shallow peace for Americans. 

Peace has not come to Vietnam. Not for 
the Vietnamese, anyway. Th ere are morp 
than 200,000 politica l pri soners in the 
Saigon government jails. A new reign of 
terror has begun for the Vietnamese as 
the polic search out anti-Saigon govern-
ment peopl e. Prison sentcnces are being 
changed from political charges 10 criminal 
charges. Th pro-Saigon government 
pappr, TI N SONG, has warned Viet-
namese that those who incite pro-

communist demonstrations. encourage 
soldie rs to desert, hoard, or participate in 
jail breaks. will be exerutcd. 

By continuing to "recognize the 
government of Ih R public of Vi tnam 
as the sole legitimate government of 
South Vietnam," our government is dis-
cou raging directed at reconciliation by 
Vietnamese religiou s and Intpllectual 
leaders. By ke ping religious leaders 
writers, and n utralist politicians in jail, 
the Saigon government is preventing par-
ticipation in reconciliilfion by that group 
most abl to bring the Vietnam ese 
tog ther. 

Pea ce for the Vietnamese will not come 
until the following condi t ions are met: 

- The political pri~on rs are released 
- Th farm p opl are allowpd to 
return If) their old farms 
- All Vietnamese are allowed to 
participate in their government 
- Clear machinery is establish d to 
provide t f)e opportunity for 
reunification of Vietnam 
- An end 10 U .. military and para-

Continued on page 10 

5\ Sweet 8urpri§e'" 
your~other will love. MANDEVILLE LECTURES 

Turn Mother's Day into Mother's Week 
by sending your mom a Sweet Surprise 

early. Only your FTD Florist has it. 
Sweet Surprise # 1 is a 

radiant arrangement of spring 
flowers in a keepsake 

container- a hand-painted 
ceramic basket from Italy. 
Sweet Surprise # 2 is the 
same lovely basket filled 
with green plants and an 

accent of fresh flowers, 
usually available for 

less than $12.50 . • 
Order your mom's 

Sweet Surprise 
today! 

Find out how easy it is to send flowers the FTD way. 
Drop in for your FREE Selection Guide. Wherever you 
see the famous FTD symbol, you'll be welcome. 
(Or write FTD. 900 West Lafayette, Detroit. Michigan 
48226.) Most FTD Florists accept major credit cards . 

'As an independenl businessman. each FTD Member Flor ist se ts his 
own prices. <D 1973 Florists' Transworld Oelivery Association. 

1972 1973 
present 

STEWART L. UDALL 
former Secretary of the Interior 

CASA DEL PRADO 
BALBOA PARK 
8:00 P.M. 

Tuesday, May 8th 

These lectu res are free & open to the 
publi c and mad e possible by the 
M andevi lle Foundation. 

No Tick ets Necessary 

Triton Times-Opens Watergate to New Prospects 
THAT'S RIGHT, IN VIEW OF RECENT DISCLOSURES AND "THAT IT'S BEING THAT TIME OF 
YEAR", THE TRITON TIMES ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY O F ACQUIRING NEW EDITORS FOR 
THE 1973-74 TERM. "BECAUSE", IT WAS RECENTLY STATED, " ULTIMATE RESPONSIBILITY 
LIES AT THE TOP". THE TRITON TIMES IS NOW ACCEPTING APPLI CATIONS FOR TH E 
FOLLOWING POSITIONS: 

Editor-in-Chief 
Business Manage r 
City Editor 
Managing Editor 
Copy Editor 
Editorial Director 

Sports Editor 
Secretary 
Arts Editor 
Assistant City Editor 
Assistant Managing Editor 
Assistant Editorial Director 

Assistant Sp orts Edito r 
Science Editor 
Photography Edito r 
A sist.mt Secretaries 

An inform d source was quoled a aying " There may be cerIa in funds alloraled 10 
r la;n the proper per onn I. The all cation is of course conringent n approved from 
highly pIa eel memb r of the current administration." 

Let me make it 
perfectly clear that 

thi is not a 
purge but. .. 

Pag 5 Tue day, May 8, 1973 Triton TiA;l 



Winnebago Warfare 
Derek Dewees 

San Francis<;o' new Transamerica pyramid: cement 
wainscottinng pierced by plexiglass windows marking 
the offices of " organizations to serve you", towering 
over the San Francisco skyline, predator upon smaller 
interests like T.W.A., United Artists, Avis Renta ls, built 
of profits made from revolutionary films like Last Tango 
in Pari~ (now playing at the revolutionary price of $4.00 
at the " Godfather" theatre). Monopoly Capital meets 
Lombard Slreet. Madison Avenue is not so pretentiou . 
Camels cigarettes men puff smoke from their villboard 
perches, Max Factor dusts its red carpel entrance with a 
latest talc, Right Guard, shot from a giant aero 01 can, 
mingle with the smog, and Mark Spitz smiles a milky 
smile from behind eight gold medals. But those aren't 
new or cement or plexiglass; they've been there since 
that old song " Easter Parade" was written, and they've 
been there sinc the last time I was in New York, which 
wa b fore Richard Nixon was elected president. 

prized rose garden as full of weeds and sandspurs as 
anything else you can make out, and a gloomy interior 
full of white sheeted furniture and billowing dust. 
Arnold Palmer is about to make a twenty yard putt on 
the T.V. screen when trouble breaks out. 

Director Howard lieH telegraphs the essentia l infor-
mation and no more - unknown, unseen enemies fire 
~hotguns into the house, the host gets it, blood spreads 
in a free form collage on his work-shirt chest as he gives 
Dick the name and number of a man that can make him 
rich . The host has thought of everything, though stingy 
lieff won't tell u why, and shows Dick a trap -door to 
escape through . rhe house gets blown up and a Bonnie 
and Clyde styled car odyssey begins: a hostile farmer's 
pickup truck, then speed freak Kitty Kopecky's station 
wagon . Hell breaks out in a roadside diner when Kitty 
( ally Kellerman), a fast talking mannequin with wild-
mouse emotions, sticks up the cashier. 

Screenwriter Richter doesn't play around with Freud 
- Kitty puts Dick to the test right off - "look man, I 
gotta be careful , you ever make it with any of the guys 
in pri on?" But he catches middle America right on and 
holds up a mirror; Dick meets the guy with the money 
at his 1953 mortgage paid tract house, meets the wife 
who was a cheerleader for Dick's high school football 
team (it's a small world") and still has a crush on him, 
gets taken t.o an Elks lodge dinner (Richter'S fu nny 
substi tute for Newman's cinematographer aria style 
family reunion scene) where fat polish men get awards 
for good deeds and their fat daughters ooh and aah 
over Caan. 

Theater/ Don Maker 

Bonnie and Clyde (once again at the Balboa) is a 
Tran america movie. Stanford boys Newman and Ben-
ton wrote the screenplay with a Yale veneer - lots of 
Freudian complications over Clyde's impotence and 
later .rise to power, and lots of economic determinism 
involved in the oppres ion of the big banks during the 
depression . Arthur Penn craft d the thing like a Car-
tier jeweler with a new Hope diamond - there are 
Iwenty seven almost invisible cuts in the forty eight 
s cond scene of Bonni e and Clyde meeting C.W. He 
decorated his pop image with the celu loid cement and 
plexiglass - red-red lips to set off Bonnie's Kansas 
Plains hair, and blue-blue shirts to work w ith Clyde's 
eyes as a frame for his Tom Sawyer dimples. The 
musicians wrote some crazy banjo music with chords to 
match the haphazard path the outlaws cut across the 
prairie in their neat old cars. The set deSigners built 
banks and store to house the righteous violence of the 
malaprop killers. The costume designers tried to put 
the Pendleton shirts and bluejeans of You Only Live 
Once (F rit z Lang 's exciting version of the Parker-
Barrow story that you only get to see in movie classes) 
to shame; they also managed to start a fad for thirties 
clothes that put a good many mini-capital ists into the 
boutique business. Best of all, Faye Dunaway was 
persuaded to apply her cotton candy face to the role of 
tough Texas gun moll, and Warren Beatty, backing the 
whole thing up as producer, walks around stiff legged, 
pointing his gun to make up for his sex problem. Some 
critics laughed, some critics cried, and Pauline Kael 
justified the violence because of the "cinematic 
triumph" of Arthur Penn . 

lieff's heros aren't the victims of economic oppres-
sion - they're crroks that use the bourgeious life as a 
front - they're alienated, and they're thorough in their 
imitation. The Airstream trailer, their connection with 
the RV lifestyle, gets parked in a dustfree two-car 
hangar. It 's outfitted with the latest instant foods, 
Naybor Pac towels, and biodegradable toilet paper. A 
red 1972 Chevrolet pulls the si lver trailer, husband in 
front listening to swing music tapes - "they're worth 
more than this whole rig, if I wanted to sell them" -
the wife in the trailer, in ready communication with the 
cockpit via intercom - " how're ya doin baby ... roger .. 
ten four ... over and out"."She rides back there for 
miles and miles but what she does, Zieff, in his sparse, 
pared down and utterly efficient style doesn't let us 
know. 

The Rimers of E 

Slither (playing at the Fashion Valley) is a Madison 
Avenue movie. It picks up where Bonnie and Clyde left 
off and goes right where it went wrong. It's played like 
those billboards that cover the skyscraper walls -
deadpan and straight up front. James Caan, called Dick, 
has just finished up a two year term for stealing cars, 
just like Clyde did in the Penn movie. He stops off at a 
pri on buddy's dreamhouse - clapboard walls with 
very little wh ite paint left on them to peel off, the 

Russell in Concert 
Th e master of space and time himse lf, Leon Russell, 

will be in casual conce rt (which simply means open 
seating) at the San Diego Sports Arena on Friday, May 
11 at 8:00 p .m. Travelling with him on his current tour 
will be a complete rock and roll circus, including grand 
pianos, back-up singers, and a 2V2 hour performance 
by Leon himself. Tickets are $5.50 in advance, $6.00 the 
day of the show and are available at all Bill Gamble'S, 
Arena Ticket agencies and the Sports Arena Box Office 
(224-4171). Jim Pagni is producing the show. 

Pa 6 Triton Times Tuesday, May 8, 1973 

Scenes of southern California in the inflated Seven-
ties match up Penn's documentary footnotes about the 
toils of the depression in the Thirties . A stop at the park 
is harrowing - motorcycles, dune buggies, horses, 
bicycles, dogs, children cut oui L.A. freeway rush hour 
traffic patterns across a mirage-looking stretch of 
beach. In the laundromat, speedfreak Kitty, popping 
pills, worries about personal sanitation, "I'd never wash 
my clothes in here man, there must be bushels of pubic 
hair in those machines." Pinpoint accuracy, but not the 
kind of thing you'd ever think about. Ominous 
Winnebago's painted black, begin to multiply, and 
follow the Airstream like sharks after seabass. They 
drive on and on - The pop sparseness of a magazine 
ad catches the red Chevrolet's headlights on a windy 
road in the night. A stop in the trailer park for rest gives 
insider's knowledge about what happens at night in 
those fancy, aluminum sided house cars. Everyone joins 
th party under the tent for bingo - a bleary eyed, 
gravel voiced woman, looking like she hasn't stopped 
the game since the park opened ten years ago, calls out 
numbers between puffs on a thin cigar. She's deadpan 
and unflappable - an old -age Sally Kellerman - when 
a fight erupts she says, "G-38 ... there seems to be some 
problem in the back ... B-14 ... tonight's special prize is 
an ironing board." 

Winnebago warfare breaks out. Black trucks side 
swipe the Airstream, Chevrolets bash down fences and 
roar across fields, gunfire starts, and all the while Mrs. 
ex-cheerleader sits in back doing what she always does. 
lieff works like those ads for Betty Crocker cakes -
"they look so good you can almost taste them," - cars 
crash, swerve, sideswipe, and run off the road, but the 
soundtrack is a quiet hum, unimposing and demanding 
thC' audience to fill in the details, as it knows best. A 
gunfight in a vegetable stand finishes the story - the 
money Dick and Kitty want was lost in a phoney 

Continued on page 10 

"The best shakes in town" 

"The Rimers of Eldritch," 
cu rrently being produced 

by UCSD's drama depart-
ment, is vaguely reminis-
cent of Thornton Wilder's 
" Our Town.// But where 
"Our Town' is meek, mild-
mannered Clark Kent, 
" Rimers" is the dynamic, 
powerful Superman; as 
subtle as ablow from the 
Man of Steel's fist, . and as 
neighborly as he would be 
welcoming a horde of alien 
invaders. 

Perhaps it is over-
written. There i.s a great 
deal of classical stereo-
typing of characters. The 
Preacher <delightfully por-
trayed by Larry Deckel) is 
the standard concept of 
th sanctimonious, mealy-
mouthed small town Bible 
Thumper. The facial ex-
pression and toher comic 
talents of Mr. Deckel keep 
him from being sickening. 

Many other stereo-typic 
characters are saved by 
brilliant performances. 
Two hypocri tical harpies 
are represented by Georgia 
Vojtko and Carrol Fleming, 
and it is difficult to decide 
which of those ladies 
shone more brightly. Min-
dy Scott did a very 
creditable job of a difficu lt 
assignment : the old, senile 
Mary Windrod. There are 
eightheen parts in this play. 

Ricks delectable aasket and 
Plate Menu .. offer 

aeef, Fish, Fowl, and even 
limited Mellican Va'lelle. 

BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGET! 

Made The Old-FaShioned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDAES Made with Real Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze & Burger Kitchen 
5504 La Jolla Blvd . 459-1877 

(Family-owned & operated) 

None of them are beneath 
an actors efforts. M Qre 
amazingly, no one in the 
cast tu rned in a weak per-
formance. 

The most notable rever-
sal of the stereo-typed is 
the character who gives the 
plot cohesiveness: the 
town bum, Skelly Mannc..r. 
Skelly is a character actor's 
dream role, and is ap· 
propriately played by the 
strongest actor in this fine 
cast, Robert Levine. There 
is no superlative in my sim-
ple vocabulary to adequae-
Iy describe how well he 
handles this beautiful role. 
Please see it for yourself. 

" Rimers" is a very good 
script. It has great humor, 
strength, human un-
derstanding, and all of the 
other ingredients that won 
Lanford Wildon the Drama 
Desk-Veronn Rice Award 
in New York . But is is 
flawed with the self-
conscious manner in wh ich 
" Dramatic Technique" is 
written into much of it. 
There is a great deal of line 
and scene repitition, im-
mediate and delayed, for 

While Cling ing 10 laded IIlu· 
alons 0' Southern gentility, a 
mother strives to inject a 
goal In llro for her Ion and 
daughter. as Ihey seek escape 
Irom her stifl lno Influence. A 
drama of great tenderneSS, 
• ensltlvlty and compsaslon. 

and to facilitate 
ndi ng. Perhaps 
Arthur Wagner 

have toned some of 

. Wagner has blended 
ng with excellent 

'ng in this impressive 
Most of the action is 

in pantomime, 
marvelous exception 

the prop for the 
scene (w h ich I 

spoil for you!) . The 
ng and sound add im-

dimmensions to the 
. they are terrific 

sure, " The Rimers of 
is a choice bit of 

e wel l worth 
ng. It will be on 
again this weekend 

11-13) at the UCSD 
reo Do yourself a 

See it. Preferably 
someone you would 

to love. 

A New Loaf 
Hank Steiman 

For those of you out there who l ike BREAD you ' ll 
probably like THE BEST OF BREAD. How about that for 
an opening line, folks? I am speaking, of course, about 
the rock group BREAD, in case you baboons didn't 
already know. 

BREAD is the one group (besides the Beatles) whose 
music h'as bee~ .responsib le for my missing many 
classes and aVOIdIng homework. I frequently enjoy 
going into my room, putting on a BREAD albu'm 
getting into my bed, and then just lying back to drea"'; 
about things of world importance, like starvation in 
India or Sophia Loren '~ body or some such thing. 

The music of BREAD is nice, soft, and sentimental. 
:rhe songs a!e usually about Love (desiring love, falling 
tn love, lostng . Iove, or just expressing love). I guess 
when you get rtght down to it, being in love is the most 
important thing in .Ii fe . After all, it certainly beats stamp 
collectIng or working on your car. Side one of The Best 
of Bread album contains the group's well-known hits 
li ke "Make it with you", " Baby I'm-a-want you," " It 
don't matter to me, " " Diary", "Everyting I own" and 
" If". All these songs were written by group m~mber 
David Gates, who's so nice I'd like to punch out all his 
teeth. Side two of the album has BREAD's other hits like 
"Mother Freedom " and "Down on my Knees." 

" If", is my favorite BREAD song. The song has a very 
personal meaning to me. I was in the twelfth grade 
when the song came out. One night my very first 
girlfriend and I were parked down at'Santa Monica 
Beach. It was so beautiful. We were both in Love. Well, 
at lea~t, I thought I was in love because my face kept 
breaktng out. Anyway, my girl and I were sitting in the 
car, looking ?ut at the OCean, when the song "If" came 
over the radIO. It was so romant ic. As the song played 
on, I looked over at my sweethea rt, and she looked at 
me. ,?ur eyes met as I I~aned over to kiss her gently on 
the Itps. And then, whtle our lips softly touched, she 
stole my wallet. 

In the last couple of weeks, it seems my personal 
taste in music has been somewhat questioned by my 
friends. Since I like Stevie Wonder, Rimsky Korsakov, 
Elton John, Carly Simon, Perry Como, and the Spinners, 
my close friends have therefore concluded that "I am 
not playing with a full deck!" One girl I know insulting-
ly referred to me as being "The High Lama of all 
Muzak." I then responded by asking her if she wanted 
to see my impersonation of Joe Frazier. She said, "Yes," 
and so I broke her nose. 

It seems my only true friend is my pet roach, Arthur. 
Arthur and I get along really well. Our friendship is the 
old "a boy and his roach." I like roaches (particularly 
Arthur) because they never borrow money from you, 
and also roaches never lie. 

As an epilogue to this article. I went to see BREAD in 
concert two weekends ago at the Anaheim Convention 
Center. I had a truly fantastic time. All the girls I saw 
there had blonde hair and were magnificently tan. Gee, 
I wish they all could be Orange County girls! 

Anyway, if you are presently in love with someone, 
go down to your loca l Wherehouse, buy the BEST OF 
BREAD album, and play it for your loved one. If you are 
not in love right now, don't worry about it. Just buy the 
album anyway; who knows? Maybe tomorrow will be 
your lucky day. In any case, I'm going now to go playa 
couple of games of pinball. So, until we meet again, 
Goodbye, Sports Fans. 

Sol igor /Vivitar 
Filters 

List 

ForOMAT 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive at Genesee 
telephone 453-5753 

Hours: Monday·Fnday 10·7; Saturday 9-6; Sunday t t·4 

O~er 91~ I2xPires May '\ S. '\ 

1st ANNUAL 
BLOW -YOUR -INCOME -

TAX-RETURN-SALE 

We Believe the BEST 
$200 Sys m anywhere! 

• ADC· CROWN 
• DUAL· DYNACO 

r i'l 
.. ; 

• GARRARD 
• GRADO 
JANSZEN 

(e lectrostatic) 
• KOSS· MARANTZ 

• MAXELL 
• MIRACORD 

• PHASE LINEAR 
• PHILIPS 

• QUINTESSENCE 
IT TOOK US 2 YEARS TO SPECIAL 

• RABCO· REVOX 
• SENNHEISER 

PUT TOGETHER A SYSTEM AT~E 
WE COULD REAllY RECOMMEND SOUND co. 
IN THIS PRICE RANGE $20995 TOTAL LIST $336.70 

You must hear it to believe it! 

• SHURE· SONY 
• TANDBERG 

HOURS: 
MON.-FRI. 12-9 

SAT. 10·5 

SUN. 12-5 
(CaHege SIDn) 

The best selection 
of top quality 
name brand 

stereo components 
in San Diego 

along with the 
lowest prices 

non -commissioned 
salesmen who 

are there to help. 
not pressure you. 

TRY AND BEAT THIS FOR $30000 
-==--

• • 
urm;,lilll,,~U 

The SHERWOOD S-7050 Receiver is the most 
powerful in its price class with unsurpassed FM 
Stereo section. The top-rated ADC-303AX's are 
one of the most natural speaker systems 
around . GARRARD'S 40B turntable when 
coupled w ith G~ADO'S F.C.R. cartridge will re-
produce all your records have to offer at 
only 2 grams of pressure. 

Retail List Price ... $461 .35 
SPECIAL AT THE SOUND CO. 

Total Aural Orgasm 

$31995 
SOUND COMPANY LUCK. BUYING POWER AND CORPORATE 
BELLIGERANCE HAS ENABLED US TO BRING YOU THE BEST 
SUPER-SYSTEM VALUE IN THE WORLD. 

Retail 
List Price 

MIRACORD 
620U 

NIKKO 
1101 

$81865 
COLLEGE STORE 

4701 College Ave. 
1 BlK. NO. OF El CAJON BlVO • 

582-4148 

CLAIREMONT STORE 
4218 Convoy St. 

1 BUt SO. OF BALBOA 
565-7711 

The Janszen electrostatics are un-
believable, they have the lIatests 
frequency response and lowest 
amount of d istortion of speakers 
costing 3 times as much. The NIKKO 
1101 space receiver has superb FM, 
a strong amplifier and great COntrol 
flexibility. The Miracord 620U turn -
table is exemplary West German 
quality. Included is a shure M91 ED 
hi- track elliptical cartridge. A true 
blow your wad system . 

Spacial at the $499951 
Sound Co. • 

Pag 7 Tu day, May 8, 197 Triton Tim 



Volleyhtll 

Graceland Wins Nationals 
La t w e ~kend , five of the 

top small college volleyball 
team m. 't in th e UCSD 
gym to compete for the 
t i tl e o f 1973 NAIA 
Volleyball Champion . 

Th e t our n a m en t 
panned two days, Friday 

and atu rday, wi th the fi rst 
day and part of the second 
consist ing of rou nd robin 
pla y , wi th th e c h am -
pionship playoffs star ting 
in the afternoon of the 
second day. 

Second ~e'edf'('j Gr~ rr -
land ollege of Iowa 
walked away with the 
crown , beating third-
secded George Williams 
College of Illinois 11 -15,10-
8,12-8,15-13 in a best of five 
champion hip mat ch. It 
took inspired defense by 
Gracela nd and some help 
from the clock to beat 
George Will iams, w hich 
had to be the tournament 
fa vorite after fin isj"ing un-
defeated in round robin 
play. 

Grace land was led by the 
hitting of All American 
Kevin Hartnett and the ets 
and good defen se of 
Richard Krause. G raceland 
played a very defensi ve 
match, digging nearly al l of 
Geo rge Will iams' spikes' 
and u ing short sets with 
good effect. 

Th e morale o i the 
George Williams play rs 
was constantly being put 
down by the " impossible" 
sa ve of Graceland and th 
team unity was completely 
broken by the last game. 

Fi rs t -s ee ded .churc h 
Coll ege of Hawaii fi nished 
th ird after suffering two 
defeat to Grace land and 
on to George Wil liams. 
Church had its momen ts of 
bril liance, but th ey w re 
few and far between as 
t h i r inco n sis tency lost 
them any chance for the 
title. 

Church exte n de d 
Graceland to five games in 
thei r rou nd robin meeting, 
10 ing the first two, wi n-
ning the two and lOSing th e 
last one . I n the seco nd 
meeting, Graceland won 
th e best of three semifinal 
ma tches in two stra ight 
ets. 

elec ted for th e AII -
American tea m along w ith 
Ke v in H a r t n ett of 
Gra celan d we r e Je rr e 
Angle, Dan Bomaren, Rick 
Erdenberger and Pe te 
Johnson, all of George 
Willia ms and "teven Karrat-
ti of Church . Erdenberger 
was named 10 th is hono r 
for the fourth straight year 
while Karratti received the 

award ior th e second 
straight year. 

In the round robin, 
George Williams led all 
o ther schools by taking all 
of the matches despite th e 
complaints of their coach 
about bad lighting and air 
ci rculation in th e gym in -
terfering with the flight of 
the ball. The Illinoi s college 
n ver once was rea lly ex-
tended in robin play, as 
they wo n all their matches 
in th ree straight sets. 

Gra e land stood in se-
cond pl ace after the round 
ro b in , lo si n g onl y t o 
Geo r ge Willi am s. 
G racela nd start ed o ut 
slowly, beati ng Ca l State 
Dominguez in th ree dos 
games, losing to Wil liams 
and th en going into the 
five ga me marathon with 
Church . Church fi nished 
third in the rob in with an 
even record, while UCSD 
end d up in fourth , as ex-
pected , with Dom inguez 
last, also as expected. 

The home team pea ked 
during the round robin, 
although it lost all but one 
of its matches. Play just was 
not consistent enough to 
UCSD win the important 
meetings. 

Starting slowly, UCSD 
lost its first match against 
George Will ia ms 15-2,13-

11,15-10, finall y getting un-
wound in the last two 
games after losi ng their 
most consi stent hitter, 
Mike Bastian i, with a badly 
sprained ankle in the first 
four points of th e first 
game. 

In the afternoon, th e 
Triton volleyballers ex -
tended Church College in 
a well-played match . With 
Clain Campagna playing 
for the injured Bastiani, the 
team lost in three close 
games, 16-14,15-7,13-10. In 
the first game, UCSD led 
12-8 and 14~ 12 but could 
not put away the match 
agai n st th e sc rapp y 
Hawaiian team. 

In the evening, th e team 
o utpla ye d Cal St a t e 
Domiguez and w on going 
away, 15-3,15-11 ,15-6. The 
Tritons were led by the 
h itt ing of Campagna, cap-
tain Jim Rabe, and Maurice 
Serac ini, and the setting of 
l arry Bal dwin and Matt 
M erl iss. 

Ea rly Sat urda y morn ing, 
UCSD faced Gracel and 
Co llege in the meeting that 
would decide the fa te of 
the team. In a very close 
match Graceland beat th e 
Tr i tons 15-13,15-10,15-7. 
Th e te am w as missi ng 
M erl iss, because o f th e 
M edCAT test, so George 
Yamashita played as the 
second se tter an d per -
formed qu ite well. 

In a game that decided 
who wou ld pro eed into 
the champ ionship bracket, 
UC SD aga in face d 
Dominguez Hil ls in a time 
filler match up and lost the 

Playing for third place, Norman Keamo (13) dinks Ofer the 
block put up by Cal tate Dominque - Hills players Gll'nn 
Hiramat u (40) and Bill Dettman (30). 

best o f three match 15-6,3-
15, 14 - 10 . Th e Tri to n s 
played very in consistent 
ba ll and did not seem to 
want to win the game. 

Th e reason for some o f 
the low scor ing gam es is 
th at an eig ht minu te 
playi ng time limit was im-
posed as a trial system to 
cu t down the time needed 
to fi nish close matches. 

The f inal standing were 

Grace land College, first; 
George Wil liams College, 
second ; Church College, 
third ; C a l Stat e 
Domingu ez, fourth , and 
UCSD a disappointing fifth . 

Next year's Nat ionals 
have been scheduled to 
tak e pla ce at Geor ge 
Will ia m s Col le ge and 
UCSD wi ll have to b con-
si dered as pr i me con-
tenders for the national t i-
tle. 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
OHered Exclusively in San Diego by MONTE •. KELLEY tnsurance Agency 

Drive by or call KAIIIY 

In the championship match, Graceland's block snuHs out a hit from George Williams. 
Blocking for the winners are Kelly Hartnett and david abramson (7), while Richard Kraus 
(3) awaits a dig. 

C.5.1.5. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
5090 College (corner College & Montezuma) 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
$6000 COUPLE 

(noy-girl) 

ALL EQIII PMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

. Page l&iTr~o(\'\I !Jirt1es;T-(Jesda.y, Ma~ B, .1973 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

-''J'J'' lIII, hl. " tI ',hllfOl I,." 0,,,,-1) 1 11 10 Pt •• ,,,,- '19 /1"'11 
')1"1 r,,,'l ~,,,,. ".,."",. ·~ .. It Otl~ft ') .111 '1 Ptmlll ;'11,,,, '1 0 
M ,lit .... c.",,,,,,,., P', IIJI I .. , ·,11.,,) 11' ,'1 .... " .. .,1 'f,10 

Effective now, until close of business June 30. 
1973. your University & State Employees Credit 

Union will offer a new low financi ng charge of B.3% 
ann ual percentage rate on new autos and trucks, 

and used vehicles up to four yea rs Old . We believe 
th iS new low rate combined with our loan pro· 

tectlOn insurance, provided without extra charge, 
IS the lowest auto financi ng package offered in 

th San Diego ar a. Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price. includ ing tax 

and license. with terms to 36 months. Take 
advantage of thi s new low f inancing rate before 

it ends June 3D, 1973 . 

UNIVERSITY I STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

There is a lot happening 
in the UCSD Sports World 
thi s week , and we are 
going to let you in on it 
early, so you can make 
your ticket reservation s 
now. We realize that you 
are all recovering from the 
NAIA Volleyball cham -
pionship s, whi ch we re 
prett y depress ing unless 
you went to Graceland 
College. That is precisely 
the reason we would like 
to turn your attention to 
the oth er sports at UCSD as 

~oon as possible. Although 
man y of these exciting 
athletic endeavors are not 
occurring on campus, most 
of there altruistic sports 
competitions will be 
happening in the area, i.e. 
USIU, USD, etc. 

Calendar Invitational track m eet Satu rd ay, wh ich will be held ilt i.le UC Riverside 
tra k. The meet starts at 
noon and shou ld last unt il 
th evening. 

The women ' s tennis 
team is going to have one 
of their busier weeks this 
season as today they play 
crosstown rival, USD : This 
match will start at 3 pm at 
the opponent's school. 
This weekend the girls play 
in the San Diego Women's 
Invitational Board Tourney 
(That's what we get ol!t of 

the initials SDWIB) with the 
time and pla ce to b e 
arranged. The tourn e y 
takes pl ace on both Friday 
and Saturday and looks to 
be one of th e more impor-
tant loca l tenn is tou rn eys. 
This same group sponsors 
women's tou rnaments in 
basketball and vo ll eyball as 
well , which had in recent 
yea rs been dominated by 
UCSD. 

On c e again , " th e 
base ball tea m sw ings into 
action" Wedne sday and 
Saturday. Wednesday, the 
old UCSD 9 take on 
crosstown rival No.1, or is it 
No.2; whatever, they pla y 
USIU on the USIU fi eld. 
The game will take place 
Wednesday at 3 pm and 
should be a good one. The 
team is up since the season 
is coming to an end . Satur-
day, the baseball team ends 
their long, tedious season 
with a doubleheader 
against the Bible Institute 
of los Angeles. The team 

Wiffinnnnl1' .6 
BtJJtaurant -lItlttattJJlltn 
~JJ~tr &fUlt aoo ltalian 

6980 u Joli. BIYd., u Joli. 459-2433 
Open 7 days a week. Mon .-Sat. II - II, Sun. 9:30-10 

wil l be work ing on end ing 
the season on a winn ing 
note. Th e doubl header 
sta rt s at 12 - high noon fo r 
yo u Jo hn W ay n e a f -
ficia nados - on the Biola 
Baseba ll fie ld. 

ot to be outdone by 
the women, th e' men's ten-
nis tea m w ill part icipat in 
th e N AIA Di st r ict I I I 
regionals. Th is affai r lasts 
from Thu rsday to Saturday 
and features the top talent 
in small college tennis. Ex-
act times have yet to be 
arranged, but the locati on 
is sunny, smoggy Redlands. 

The golf tea m gets into 
the act nex t Friday when 
they playa few good men 
from Camp Pendleton at 
the lomas Santa Fe Golf 
Course starting at 12:30 
pm. This match serves as a 
prelude to the NAIA cham-
pionships on May 14-15 at 
Suboba Hot Springs. 

The Triton trac k team 
runs up to the Riverside 

The crew team happ ns 
to be idle this weekend 
which should give the~ 
plenty of t ime to prepare 
for the Western Reg ionls. 

If you thin k this area's 
sports even ts a re prett y 
du ll , for thi s week, the rest 
of the mon th is just as bad . 
Noth ing is scheduled for 
the UCSD home fields for 
the rest of M ay except 
possib ly an i n t ramu ral 
game or two . (Even some 
of them will be gone as 
they trek up to Santa Bar-
bara. As a matter of fact, 
things are gett ing so bad 
that there won ' t even be 
anything in the local area 
in the near future. Most of 
the upcoming events w i ll 
be tak ing place at Redlands 
so you better get your ya's 
ya 's out and go see your 
favorite loca ls this week or 
wait unt i l nex t year. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITY THRU 

HYPNOSIS 
D. RAKOW 

Cheapshots Blast 
. Past Loon ies 

The Underwater Ch apshots blasted the Bull Goose 
Loon ie into submiss ion, 22-7, Thursday aft ernoon, 
befo re a record 34 screaming spectato rs and coaches. 
Jostling for position on the offensive sides was th e bes t 
attention -getter as the Cheapshots' Dick Duncan (6 
point s) combined with Lori Davis (10 points) to screen 
for ea h other and work for thei r respective terr ito ria l 
imperatives. Val Cordi ero and Bill Gates scored 2 points 
each to round out their scoring. 

The big story, aside from unnamed girl on the 
winning team lOSing the top to her bath ing suit during 
some of t~e hot action at the mouth of the goal, was 
that the tight defense of Karen Enos and Mike Tom 
held powerful and omnipotent Anne Curtis scoreless 
for the entire festivi ty. Sue Adjemian was also held way 
under her average and pl unked in only one goal for 2 
points. John Knapp set screens, legally and illegally, but 
unsuccessfu lly, while scoring 4 points himself. Steve 
Alexander p layed tight defense, but used numerous 
il legal holds as he fouled out in the fourth quarter after 
dumping in a goal. Both goalies, Jeff Wustman and Rod 
Lorang, played well under the extreme pressure of 
tourney play. 

Sa nta Barbara had better watch out as on e of thei r 
home-growns, Dickie Duncan, w i ll lead his pack of 
hollering hotshots into the UCSB environs th is Friday 
and Saturday to compare strategies and fair play with 
the other UC championship water polo tea ms. 

For Those Who 
Play Croquet 

If on Cinco de Mayo, you werp: I) wa tchi ng Al A 
voll eyball, 2) playing softball,)) helpi ng at the Special 
Olympic Swim Meet, or 4) doing anyth ing else, you 
pro bably d idn' t notice the fierce battl es of strategy 
tak ing place at UCSD's " Hillside Meadows" Croquet 
Course. The Second Annual " Sonny Williams" Open 
Tourney saw o nly a handful of Division I competitors, 
probably due to poor weather. Dick Gregory and 
M ichelle, h is belle, surged past Mike and Marna to 
capture the coed crow n. 

Division II got underway in the afternoon with 
entries open to coed or homogenous teams. Each 
match was c lose and many a team was " burned at the 
stake" (they fai led to hit the final stake, that is). 
Tourney favorites, Brain and the Duke of Orange, fell 
to eventua l w inners M ike, Tom and Val Cordiero. 
Nancy play d tough in all of her matches, but her 
partner held h r back . M aria was similarly plagued. The 
pressure of later rounds knocked jeff, Doug, D ick, his 
belle, Mike Marna, Rags, and Ed out, and on ly th e 
strong survived. 

Gordon and Patt i, who both tr ied severa l teams 
before they could weasel into the finals, then found 
that they had no time to determine a wi nner and 
forfei ted to ou r heroes, Mike and Val. Special awards 
for outstanding attire go to Gary Yokota and ancy, 
Dick and Michelle, and the Muir College laundry 
s rvice. 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
Kill S rnitl •• nrril.n r .t S«nk-t-c .. 1tM'I' 'Wnt« . ... ftlt. i, 

your Datsun 
(Nr fMdts .. k-\ .re ... liftH lo l.b n r. or .., Ut 

All "!,.IF rcr;m'll"lCr(orn'\ed '" our I.:ar 
h""( .1 '''.0l''I0 mile Ilf 6 mont' ,UOIrJnl« 
We al~1 (t',.,..tee,lnd rtralr \l o llt4l wu,en 

Ri ll Smllh f;orelln .r !:ervt('t 
\4 1 Soluth H1Bh ..... " 01 

~I~ n tl Such. ("III 
(7 1') HI.3m 

,P:tge 9 Tuesday, May 8,,:"1973 Tritdn Times 



innebago Warfare Going for Baroque 
Continued from page 5 

summer lamp deal. One crook, his clear colored 
clothes cI ' slling with the weathered wood look .of the 
stand's sid ing, begins to bleed, and, reinforced with the 
side of blood spills the sad story. The rest of the gang 
bounces r gh; back , ready to try subdivison and land 
specu lation with what's left of the camp. . 

Ii ff is an ex-advertising man himself. He packs his 
image with an exciting taste - sparse, colorful, ~ell­
defined, telling enough but not too muc~ . Madison 
Avenue has developed this craft over .yea~s of ex-
perience and lieff applies it mast~rfully to his ,:"ovle. 
Penn tried for the same pop Image' but his red 
Dunaway lips, blue Beatty shirt, and fancy chrome and 
leather tuck and roll white side-wall cars are too busy, 
too crowded too overworked . Penn is lavish; his 
philo ophy is to use everything j~st to get t.he job do~e. 
It works just like the Transamenca pyramid - flashier 
and eye-catching than the Madison Avenue frugality, 
but also more ob cen ,and even more decadent. 

Twenty-eight drawings 
and eighteen painting from 
Baroque Europe comprise 
an exhibition on view at 
the fFine Arts Gallery of 
an Diego, Balboa Park, 

through May 20. The works 
are anonymous loan from a 
Santa Barbara collection . 

Fifth Moon Art 
Liu Kuo-Sung, a member of the mode~n Chinese. art 

movement known as Fifth Moon Group, IS featured In a 
one-man show at the Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego, 
Balboa Park through May 27, 1973. This series of 
exhibition f~aturing artists of this group, is being 

While many of the 
names are of lesser masters 
of the Baroque era and 
later, their pictures reflect 
the major styles and in-
fluences of the period . 
Re ligious s'Jbjects are 
presented in dramatic and 
theatrical styles. Single 
source light effects and 
dynamiC rhythms are com-
positional devices used by 
these arti ts . There are also 
a selection of genre scenes 
and figures studies. Artists 
from England, the 

etherlands, Germany and 
Italy are represented . 
Among the more familiar 
artists included are 
Francesco Solimena, 
Charles Le Brun and 
Dompnico Fetti. 

ponsored by the Asian Arts Committee. . 
The artist was born in Shantung, China, In 1932. He 

received his formal art training at the ational Taiwan 
ormal University: Taipei, 1956. 

American Pilots Tortured? .• 
Continued from page 4 

Am ri an Indians. After having suffered 
some of the most inhuman treatment by 
supposedly civilized people , the 
Am ri an Ind ians have ironically been 
portrayed as a blood-thirsty people who 
waged war against the American soldier. 
Through this kind of propaganda, the U.S. 
government has hoped to make the 
Am rican people cond mn the American 
Indians and forget the outrageous acts 
committed by the U .. soldiers against the 
Am ncan Indians. 

2.-Also these well-publicized torture 
claims may help the U .. government get 
away without paying reparation to North 
VI tnam. 

3.- Perhaps the most important and 
Sf'riou effect of these propagandist 
produ ts i that they may at some time be 
used to justify future bombings. 

B.- ow it must be noted that these 
pilots also want to tell such stories 
them Ives. 

1.- In a sense, these stori es may give 
them statu re at home. 

2.- AI 0 th s airmen may feel that if 
th y do not complain about hard-ships 
while in captivity, people will think that 
they have willingly co-operated with the 
North Vietnamese. . 

3.- Those men who have made anti-war 
statements during their imprisonment 
must now, particularly, say that they were 
tortured to avoid court-ma rtials 

Now, for the sake of argument, let us 
,uppose, for a moment, that these pilots 
were' actually mistr ated; can the North 
Vietnamese be blamed for that? A.- In any 
legal co ntext, the answer to this 
hypothetical qUf'stion i'i..NO, because the 
G neva Convention about POW's does 
not apply to these ca ptur d American 
pilot, . Clearly these men were not 
POW's, but rather they must be cal led 
War Criminals. 

At I('ast there are 2 undeniable facts to 
substanttiate this stat em nt: 

1.- The U.S. has never officially de lar d 
war with orth Vietnam. 

2.- orth Vietnam has never bombed 
the U.S.; only the U.S. has unilaterally 
bombed orth Vietna . 

Thes f2 t ~ xplain why the cease-fire 
agreemem, wh ich was written and revised 
v ry aref JIVy- be experts a dozen times, 

and then finally signed by the U.S. 
government, fa i l to refer to these airmen 
as POW's. Rather they have be n referred 
to only as captured military personnel. 
What this means is that there is no official 
obligation on the part of the North Viet-
namese TO treat these downed pilots in 
any spe ified way. 

B.- And in any moral coniext, it can be 
said that even if there was some mistreat-
ment it was nothing in comparison TO the 
horrors suff red by the Vietnamese when 
confronted with napalm bombs and anti-
personnel bombs dropped by these same 
American pilots. 

Before th s pilots were shot down, 
th ey had flown numerous bombing mis-
sions. Their terrible air raids have resulted 
in a large number of deaths and injuries. 
Most of these airmen's victims have been 
women and children. Have these pilots 
ever thought about the enormous 
devastations that they have inflicted on 
the Vietnamese people? I nstead, they 
have complained that the poor country of 
North Vietnam, which has become poorer 
because of A MASSIVE American destruc-
tion, did not feed them well. They hate 
the North Vietnamese since, while in 
prisons, they were separated from their 
families; but they completely ignore the 
awful fact that it is their olVn bombings 
that have left virtually no Vietnamese 
famil y intact. All these captured pilots 
have now returned home, but the Viet-
namese killed by American bombs can 
never reunite with their families. Not only 
have th ir air strikes created an extremely 
large number of injured people who 
badly need urgent hospitalization, but 
they have also destroy d hospita ls and 
other medical facilities; and now the 
pilots have complained about insufficient 
medical care for themselves. To them the 
lack of sunl ight is much more important 
than the pain that Vietnamese children 
have been suffering from glass pellets of 
anti-p rsonn I bombs. These glass pellets 
were deliberately designed not to be 
detected by X-rays so that they will stay 
forev r in the body. 

Considering the mentality of these 
released airmen, now just stop to imagine 
what would happen if the North Viet -
nam se came over here and bomb d the 
U.S.? 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across from Sports Arena) 
.EYES EXAMINED .PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FinED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Men.-Fr!. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224·2973 2~4.2974 

. 

Pag 10 Triton Tim sTu day, May 8, 1973 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 

u.S. Supports Repression ... 
Continued "om peg. 5 

military support of the Thieu regime 
- An end to the use of American 
"advisors" in military and para-
military roles. 

Article 4 of the constitution of the 
aigon government outlaws communisum 

in every form . Decree law 931SL/CT 
defines communism to include any per-
son who "commits acts of propaganda for 
and. incitement of neutralism." 

To continue the repression in South 
Vietnam, the U .S. has provided the 
finances to increase the South Vietnamese 
ploice from 16,000 in 1963 to over 120,000 
today. The U.S. Department of Navy 
provided the construction consort ium of 
Raymond, Morrison, Knudson-Brown , 
Root and Jones a $400,000 contract to 
replace the Tigar Cages with 384 isolation 
cells on Con Son island. These new cells 
are two square feet s:TIa ller than the 
former tiger Cages. Many of the prisoners 
i n Saigon's jails were arrested by 
American soldiers and turned over to the 
Saigon Authorities. Almost every in-
terrogation center in Vietnam was built by 
United States money. 

We are told that the U.S. is not 
prissuring the South Vietnamese govern-
ment to release the political prisoners 
betause that would be "interfering in 
their internal affairs." Yet we are con-
tinuing to provide the Saigon regime with 
the financial and material aid to imprison 
all opposition. In following such a policy 
our government bears responsibility for 
the continued imprisonment of more 
than 200,000 people and will bear respon -
sibility for any executions of th se people 
in the days and weeks ahead. 

Decree Law Number 93/SL/CT of 
February 1, 1964, signed by Nguyen 
Khanh : 

Article 2: Shall be considered as a 
pro-Communist Neutralist a person 
who commits acts of propaganda 
for and incitement of Neurealism; 
those acts are assimilated to acts of 
jeopardizing public security. (Note 
of the translator : The act of jeopar-
dizing public security is punished by 
Article 91, paragraph 3 of the South 
Viet Nam. Revised Code of Criminal 
Laws with a maximum penalty of 
five years imprisonment.) 

Decree Law Number 004/ 65 of July 19, 
1965, si~ned by Nguyen Van Thieu: 

Article 16: Is sentenced to solitary 

confinement with hard labor for life 
any person who excites the mob by 
organizing meetings or 
demonstrations with the purpose to 
disturb the security of the state. 
Article 17: Is sentenced to hard 
labor for a term of years any person : 

-who directly or indirectly dis-
seminates any policy, slogan or 
directive of the communists, or of 
any individua l or league influenced 
or contro ll ed by the communists. 

-Who commits any act in order 
to undermine the anti-communist 
spirit of the country, or to cause 
harmful effect to the struggle of the 
people and the Armed Forces. 

-who plots to act under dis-
guised signification of peace or 
neutralism in accordance with com-
munist doctrine. 

-who popularizes, cir ulates, 
distrubutes brings to public atten-
tion, sells, exhibits at public places, 
or conceals with those purpose, any 
printed material s, pictures, or other 
media, so as to attain the purposes 
mentioned in the above three 
paragraphs. 

Decree Law Number 004/66 of February 
15, 1966, signed by Nguyen Van Thieu : 

Article 19 : Those persons con-
sidered dangerous to the national 
defel15e and public security may be 
interned in a prison or designated 
area, or banished from designated 
areas for a maximum per iod of two 
years, which is renewable; the in-
ternment and banishment shall be 
ordered by Arrete of the Prime 
Minister issue d upon the 
recommendation of the Minister of 
interior. (On September 24, 1966 
this was amended so that ad-
ministrative internment wa s 
delegated to the Mini ster of 
National Security.) 
Article 22 : Those persons who 
gather in assemblage of two or 
more and attack. resist or obstruct 
the public force personnel in their 
duties shall be punished with death. 
The killing of offenders in self-
defense shall be excused. 

Don Lus:e is an agricultural economist 
who has spent most of the last thirteen 
years in South Vietnam. He is ' currently 
working with the Indochina Mobile 
Education Project in Washington, D. C. 

Go Quoff 

SOME GRAD SCHOOlS 
ARE MORE CHAllENGING 

1HAN 0IlIERS. 

AND 
M EET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY It 's graduatioll day and tliere yuu stand 

dlploll1a in hand alld future ill Joubt. 
You could put your cdu<.:alioll to work l'lllllledl' 

ately by applYlllg lor trallllllg al> all Air Force pilot or 
navigator. 

Filld youf:o,elf begllllllllg ,pcdali/ed , tudy de· 
signed to prepare you for Ihe clia llenge alld respollsi · 
bilt t irs or :111 officcr's <':llIl lIl1issioli. 

I:klng all Air hlrt:e Olllt:cr is your t: hal1ce 10 
blcak away I Will I he t:IIl WU alld he rc<.:ogl1l/cd. 

GT John Richardson 
SA F Recruiting 

1400 5th A ycnue 
an Diego 9210. 

Fmd yourself in the Air Force. 

F 
E 
I 
F 
F 
E 
R 

J ASk" HffR, __ 

So you've got your college degree. And 
with it, enough kisses, head-pats and con-
gratulations to last you the rest of your life. 

What you need now is a little green 
stuff. Money. Or better yet, credit. 

Thats what we've got for you: credit-
and then some-to meet the world head-on. 
AH wrapped up in a neat package called 
Gradplan. 

Gradplan can set you up with a credit 
line big enough to do the kind of things you 
want to do. It'll show you how to get your 
checks cashed immediately when they're 
needed. How to write yourself an instant 
loan. And how to take some of the pain out 
of finding a job (excuse the expression), 
with a really handy new booklet you'll find 
right there in the Gradplan package. 

Come in. Ask for our special Gradplan 
Representative. And get yourself some 
credit-plus. 

Out there, in the real world, you need 
all that you can get. 

m BANKOFAMERICA 
Gradplan available only at: 
North La Jolla Office 
3255 La Jolla Village Drive 

J A'S/( 
HIH. 

, 

J ASK 
HIM. ' 

WH'IOJ.JT 
lHE<! S<\V 
WHAT 
1HGV 
fv1fMJ II.) 
"THE FIRST 
PLAC6'? 

Graduating? 

COMMUN ITY 1 ~ BLOOD BANK i ~ 327 F. Street I ~ ~ 
~ PAYS DONORSi 
~ for service I 

Tue.-Fri. j 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 i Closed Sun. & Mon. 
~ 

233-8328 

If you're going to spend a 
lot of this coming summer 
around the water-sailing 
and swimming-you'll 
the protection of Tampax 
tampons. 

Girls have frequently 
wondered about swimmi 
during those difficult days. 
Old-fashioned napkins 
make swimming 
impossible. but with 
Tampax tampons the 
message has always been: 
"Go ahead and swim." 
You're dependably 
protected internally. And 
you never have to 

l\Aln .. " about anything 
showing under 
swimsuits because internal 
protection is invisible 
protection. 

So don't change your 
summer plans just 
because your period might 
interfere. Tampax tampons 
let you sail, swim, water-
ski, sunbathe-just like 

of mnnth 

Pa 11 Tu day, Ma 8, 19731riton Tim 
I , , 



tuesday 
•• UC Ast roners "' , 
Meetir.g tonight 7:30 In HL 
t 160 . Discuss ion on 
techniques of amateur 
astronQmy. If It'S clear there 
will be a star party in the 
plaza after the meeting . 
Come view the heavenly 
bodies (up there, nol In the 
dorms!) Everyone welcome. 
(5/8) 
TONIGHT " ROCK OF 
AGES " $1 50 payable at 
door. Revelle Cafe 8 p.m. 
(5/8) 
PUBLIC NOTICE 

l"ICC I' hcrch~ ~I\cn Ih.ll the TRITO 
TlMI S. 117 Ilmer 111 .1"" 11 .111. ROlette 
ClIlIp"'. uest>. 1.1 ) .. 11.1. (A ~!Il.17 . h." 
riled \\ Ith the Stulh.'nt hnr-"\' ml.'llt Office 
111 "'lImpll.IOI.:C Ytllh (h.lI1cdlor Wllh.lnl 

Md' lro~', ruhn~ nf (kh,hcr ~1. 1~)72 .• 1 
lI'tlll!! nf I,'h, .1\:III.thk ro, the lql1·1~J7.a 
'1I.;ldemll' \car 

In comr,h.lnl.'c Yo nh the IHh rulll1V the 
f.,lItm IIllo! 1"tIIl!! ill Joh, it\ ,1I1 •• hk In '.110 
\,rtiCC\ '''I ~I\cn I dllt'r - tn-( hid. <:It~ 
I liltor. M .ln.I),!IOl! Illlillf. Cur~ "dllor. 
Hu,,"c', M .ln.I!!Cr, f dunn.1I J)tn.:l..hlr. Ar" 
I dllnf . ~rh)rt ... Ldltllr. 1>IIIIh'r.r.trh\ I dunr . 
SCl,."rl.·I.lr~ . A .. ,',t.lnt Cll~ I dUtH. 1\"'I,l;:ll1t 
f! u\lnc" M .ln.l~cr. 1\",,1 ;1111 hJlttln~11 
Dlrectur. 1\ .... I'I.lnl Spll" .. "dunr. Scu:n..:e 
hJllilr . Sccrct.lrl :1I l\"I .. I ;:lnt' ,Ino 
S.l1c .. nh,·1l 

An~ pcr .. nn ",,,hllllt 10 .Ippl~ muo.;l fir .. 1 
rll.~ UJ'I.I rclerr .. 11 fmm the Slulknl t-nlrlo~ . 
l11enl On-ICC. ~ 10 \.1t . ,Ind then flre,enl Ihe 
rderr:'11 hl ("min or <".1111\ In Ihe TRITO" 
TIMI '\ ulr",:c 1I1nd.I\ · J tll.Ll\ 1100-1 on In 
urder 10 rid Ufl .In ~lrrlll:,llInn All 
,lrrl""II","' Il1U,1 he 111 h\ ~.I\ K. I'n,l, 

I~IMI nIM'" The TRITO'l TI~11 I~ A'I 
I ~u .11 Orrtlrtun ll~ I mr1t)\Cr 1\11 d\.'\.:lcd 
("\1 .. lIhH'" ,Ire .. uhle\.t III fln,ll .lrrro\ ,11 h~ 
the I ( "I) Cnmnulll l\.',IIIIlI1' Rt1.lrd 

wednesday 
On Wednesday, May 9 In the 
MUIr apt. TV lounge Trident 
Christian Fe llowsh ip Will 
meet a 7.30 pm. Bill and 
Ginnie Tlffan Will lead a diS-
cusSion on "Interpersona l 
ChriS Ian Rela lonships" All 
are welcomed to come and 
jOin thiS time of good fun and 
study In the Word of God! 
(5/8) 
He Noa Lanl Dance, Co. stu -
dent organization meets ev-
ery Wednesday for class at 
the Gym, No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m Everyone Invi ted /stu-
dents, stalflfaculty (E Vol ) 

thursday 
WLF Thursday Potluck ThiS 
week al Carl as, Mesa Apts 
3991 B, phone 453-6786 for 

services 
TYPISTS Exp Theses term papers. 
repar c M sc ~ BM aCCurate . fas!, 
BEE LYNCH 753 7356 SOc page 
151251 

LI .... e Wit an Engl'~h famllV' r~ear Lon 
dr)fl BkfS! & Din Incl 25 Engll'h 
pounds appro, $7000 a 'N".' Cou· 
PiC, 270 t604 af r, (5/81 

travel 
10,h ANN UAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE Irom $239 round ·"·p 
JAPAN I'nm ~159 round·tr·p LI' 
NY 6117 one· "," I Sq 
Ca FI ql't Cha rman 581·1297 424 

O\l~rland Ave Dept A Culver C, / 
90730 16/8, 

wanted 
IJEED 'l DE 5o, May 12 , 10 
R,ClgM. e (Molave Deserl), or 
Arl {plac ~ ~ar (San Serdo) Call 
Jean e • 51-<1034 1511 ) 

Chudca ," Wan't>f"j Jurr. 25 SP.p 7 
For a d na,.." c 6 (Par Old boy l vnCh 
one ,dp, $21)/ ... Ca I 453·15n all'" 

~ pm "I I ) 
War'~1'j 1 rI"1"9 mOIOft/C,P lor u r 
~pr $1;5 1I.,.P lor I<er· a1487 2842 or 
N·'h F" f 1·5 at , 151>1 (5111) 

P tjf nt ~d' lj fa the East PrpfNahfy 
M Ami rolj (;1 quarlllf W·I Sh~'A e)l' 
rJer(,~c; Ptr;A r8 45:1 Afi l0 (~/ll) 
S Jb!P.t:l fl ()l'.:d J 'or flJI'pNIOIT1~nl on 
C.hO·f.r' :.Jr 10 21') f;O",,'5t 8 w('r' lt $1 88 
hOl,r A" Oly M F t t nr co I X2047 
Bldq 2C roo"" 4327 ISIBI 
('pll rrr a gf')01 JV·r.f O(>~1o' lemp 
(rlpor?) or ""r.lrc a'arm Clt)(.\r KAf 
4';) 1192 Im,,'r I': 2) (511 41 
WArHED r",o dO"''' S'''''P r'q bag 
"0 ~n Ca 270 271" (!>l81 

War 1M A r de to Palt) A 0 IIf Joe., 
a,,.:, end b dr ani IN ,.",,.,.,,j 1/2 q"'!t 
451 4768 Da,p 15/81 

'nfo. ALL INVITED. Thurs. 
May 10, 6 p.m (5/8) 

PUBLIC READING 
Thursday, May 10, Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. HL 1449 

Senor Octavio Paz, well -
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, wi ll be at UCSD as a 
Regent's Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 
time he will deliver a series of 
four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Span ish 
America and will give a 
public read ing of his poetry 
with subsequent translations 
into English . 
Old time dancing and music. 
Come dance squares and 
contras to live music. All 
we lcome . 8 :00 p . m . 
Thursdays at the Mu ir 
cafeteria. FREE. (EI) 
Representatives from 
AETNA LIFE & CASUALTY 
will be on campus Thursday, 
May 10, to talk w ith 
Bachelor's Degree can-
didates in any d iscipline 
about positions in manage-
ment training and insurance 
marketing . Anyone in-
terested in exploring careers 
in business and manage-
ment is encouraged to sign 
up for an Interview at Career-
Education Planning Services 
(CEPS), 6th Floor, Bldg. 2D, 
MUIr College. CopIes of Aet-
na literature are available 
also (5/81 
THE TRITON WARGAM -
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs. night In MC 506. We 
play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 

general 
PRE-MEDS IMPORTANT! : 
On Saturday May 12, Dr. 
Eugene Bernstein Will be 
speaking on hiS current heart 
research and how It relates to 
hiS clin ical practice This talk , 
sponsored by the U.C.S.D 
Pre-Med Club, IS being given 
especially for pre-med 
students . Salurday May 12, 
11 a.m at the Multi-Purpose 
Room , VA Hospital . 
Refreshments (5/11) 

PRE-MEDS APPLYING 
THIS SUMMER : AMCAS 
app lic at io n cards are 
ava ilable In the Pre-med Of· 

WANTED lor tapIng lolk·blues LPs (Doc Watson. Gary Dav,s. John Fahey. 
etc) Dave 453-8884 (5/8) 
1m planning on backpackIng and 

hO~lehng through Europe thiS summer 
and I'm looklnq lor an amiable 
travehnQ comp"nlon (lema Ie) Call me 
and we can 1811< aboul detaIls Linda 
453 8249 (5/8) 
Need cooks lor Inti Ctr Alrocan meal. 
May 27 '72 Air an cooks. anyone, call 
453·6652 (5/8) 
BEES WANTED Call Randy 755· 
7830 (5/8 ) 

lost and found 
1..0ST Glr . S socc er sl";ops , 
b1acj(/w/whltf' stf:pe~ 5/1 on bene at 
I M ba'~ba 'i I'eld Reward Anne. 755· 
2834 (511 t) 

Lest Irom '''If car near theate Wed 
rllqhl briefcase containing cla~s 
nole' ana book& REWARD - $5 lor 
books and notes Of $10 lor whole 
war.'. Call .2516 please (5111) 
LOST Bue opal doublet ncc",ace In 
~l)ld calmed ,PlI,ng 5/3 on softball 
f,,.ld NOI valuable Very sentImental 
Nancy mornl"'l' '1382, eve 755 
05dO (5/11) 
M)' Kar8H~ GI was removed from 
",omAn's gym locl<p.r 199E (beige 
t(){,Vf!rS) Pleas.e return Glng~r 8 488 
74t7 (5111) 
lOST Cro" m chanlcal penCIl 
r .. I'pped 10 ~pHal not Ibj( en calntf!n8 
r r, Apr 27 Inll,al MOW on I 453 
5163 Marl< [5/81 
I 05 T SWllnq Sliver anklette With 
' i<'alhy' engraved on one sld~ Contae, )fa hy 453 2683 AfgO 408 (5/8) 
LOST Gl<)v~ on Ileid thuf 412 Joe 
Wo," enqraved on humb REWARO 
J,,,, 755 3623 pleasn (5/8) 
To J·m '" 0 10lJnl1 rr.'I SIJrJOflJI I ~~t 
q'JAI'lN - hall 1~1 yom pht)f'le no 
CO'I Ch" 7~5104 (5111) 
FOUND A pa" ot gIA" a'; Monday 

U~B Call 233 ~SO anrlldMhly (5/8) 

nouncemenlts-.................................... . 
fice. BUilding 2D-6th floor. 
You should pick them up as 
soon as possible. (5/11) 

University of California, San 
D ie go Department of 
Economics Seminar, Friday, 
May t 1, 1073,3.00 p.ln. H/L 
3016 Conference Room , 
Professor Ivor Pearce, 
University of California . San 
Diego and University of 
Michigan. will speak on "The 
Theory of Monopol is tic 
Competition from a General 
Equilibrium Point of View". 
(51t 1) 

ATTENTION PRE - MEDS : 
Dr. Charles Spooner, Assis -
tant Dean of Admissions at 
the UCS D School of 
Medicine will meet with pre-
meds to d iscuss the new 
AMCAS forms. All students 
who are going to be filling out 
an AMCAS form in the next 
few months are urged to at-
tend . Wednesday, May 23, 
4-6 p.m. Rm. 2100, BSB. 
(5/11) 
Applications are now being 
accepted for the position of 
Station Manager at KSDT for 
next year. The manager, who 
will take office In July, is 
elected by the staff of the 
station and holds office for 
one year. There is a small 
stipend. Applications may be 
obtained at the Student 
Employment Off ice now 
through May 21. (5/18) 
" Attention A ll Musical 
Groups", On May 19, there 
will be a concert given on the 
soccer field . All interested 
groups call : Harvey Daniels 
or Hymle Munoz at 453- ' 
2000, etx. 2107 or 2108. We 
need YOlf to perform for 
"free" for 1/2 hour to 1 hour. 
(5/18) 
The Jewish Students 
Association is sponsoring a 
weekend In the mountaIns, 
May 18-20. There will be 
dancing, sports, seminars, 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cosl of $5.00, which also 
Includes transportation and 
meals There is more Infor. to 
come, but if you're in-
terested , call Joanne at 272-
5939. (5/19) 

Attentton : All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
claSSified ads in this publica-
tion are free to currently 

LOST - Blue down lacket In Iront 01 
MUIr apanmenlS Froday nlghl. II (ound 
please call Mark 453-7387 (5/8) 
LOST Astronomy Fundamentals and 
Fronllers Left In HL 1108 Thur 4/26 
Please call Steve at 45308l!4 (5/8) 
FOUND Jacket, Tue eve Apr 24, Arl 
Gallery, UCSD Contact Gerry, 274-
0028 (5/8) 
To the person who had cramps In hiS 
Ipgs on Ihe Blake TV Lounge Salurday 
Aprol 28 II you lost some money, you 
can cla,m It 454 7041 (5/8) 
Elg'n watch lost Tuesday night In maIn 
gym It's a gIft from my dad Call Sal 
453·0992 (5/8 ) 

housing 
Wanlad I or 2 bedroom apartment or 
house 10 sublet lor month 01 August. 
1973. please contact Susan or Lou's 
MonlrOse, 453 237 t or x2803 (5111) 
Need d Apt Irom mld·June to mId 
Sept walkIng dlslance 01 UCSD or In 
LJ near bus route MIchelle 453 8949 
(5111) 

Grad needed to sharp Mesa apl $60 
Incl utllil starting thiS summer A Berg 
cia MUSIC Oept UCSD 15111) 
ROOMMATE NE'EDED Share room In 
Del Mar house 585/month 755 84 • 
(511 t) 
Want"d 2 &<)1 rms II pas In samo 
MUll apt tor ne.t lall Cailirone or Loro 
453·9087 (5111) 
Roommatp. needed Imm~dl.t Iy, MIF 
master bedroom WIth balh In large 
UniversIty Clly home 575/m'h 453 
8957 M·," or John (5111) 
Single ",om In apt In Del Mar avaIlable 
now un,,1 gradUAt'On. aboul $75 month 
Jnn 755 1706 (5111) 
One oedrcom pi Furn"hed Around 
t8 01 June - nd o( July. $120 
Wal~,"g dlstanc Irom campus 
Utol, ,r', Included 4~3 8q 10 (5111) 
wanl d "I sa Apt to ubi A' lor 
summer (June 15 Sept lstl 755 
?O58 evenIngs (Carolyn) (5/81 

enrolled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed. 
All ads longer than this will 
be reduced . We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi-
tion we are not responsible 
for any errors. Please make 
sure to check your ad for 
corrections the day it 
appears, Usually ads will run 
automatically for two issues 
depend i ng on space 
availability. IMPORTANT!!! 
All ads must have your stu-
dent ID number or they will 
not be considered , If you 
wish your ad to be longer 
than the alloted space a 
small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewriters are 
ava il able in the off ice. 
Deadlines are Mon, 9 a.m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed. 
5 p.m. for the Fri. Issue. The 
ads will go in on a first come 
first serve basis. 

The new UCSD permanent 
collection, featuring works by 
Van Gogh, Matisse, Monet, 
Chagall, Renoir , and 
Cezanne, will be on display 
April 24 - May 16 in the 
main gallery. Gallery hours 
are daily from 12-5 and 
Wednesday evenings from 
8-1 0 p.m. (4/24) 

"TO ALL GRADUATING 
SENIORS, REVELLE COL-
LEGE: Posted outside Ihe 
Revelle Provost Office will be 
a list of graduating seniors for 
Spring 1973. If your name 
does not appear on the list 
please, contact Charlotte 
Cysner, Office of the Provost 
or call her at extension 
2231." (5/11) 

Weekly firesides, Monday 
nighlS 8 p.m. Lounge below 
Muir Commons All are 
welcome . Sponsored by 
U.C.S.D. Baha'i Club. (E/I) 

PRE MEDS: On Saturday, 
May 12 Dr. Eugene Berns-
tein Will be speaking on his 
current heart research and 
how it relates to his clinical 
pracltce . This talk, spon-
sored by the U,C.S.D Pre-
Med ClUb. IS being given 
especially for pre-med 
students. Saturday, May 12, 
11 :00 a m., at the Multi -
Purpose Room, VA . 
Hospital. (5/4) 

Berkeley - Summer rental. own room, 
$60 or $70 monthly: 10 mIn. walk 
campus J Popkin, 2511 Derby Sl . 
Berkeley 94705, 301 -869-3545 (5/8) 
Own room. pIV't bath, Clallemonl, $75/mth, lemlcpl pref Call 277-2841 
or Rick xI877. Brooke .1956 (5/8) 
FOR RENT 6120 to 9/20, Clrmnt 4 
bedrooms. 2 bath , $300 mth 
negotlaliable. Dave 453-8861 (5/8) 
Roommate lor 3 BR 2 BA Hause In 
Clallemont NIce Yard , Own room, $77 50 565-6740 AM & Eves 15/8) 
Very Ig foom share now to 6115. 2 85 
day. 120 Iota I dog okay Del Mar and 
beach. 755 8464 (5/8) 
NIcely furn . 1 or 2 bdrm api lor 
sublease Irom 6119 to 8/22 Near 
UCSD. L J Shores Rent n!'90Mblo 
Call 453-6743 (5/8) 
WANTED I need a place to liv Ihls 
summer In Del Mar. Solana Beach or 
anywhere close I can pay up 10 90 
bucks a month Call lloyd 453-6902. 
(5/8) 

personals 
To Ihe blonde man on the bus so long 
ago The lady With the whit hat mIsses 
you Xma .(5/8) 
HB - Hey B (518) 
To the beautl(ul guy wllh Ihe patch on 
th roght place on hiS pants I love you, 
Lolly Pop (5/8) 
JGC A lady 01 the canyon awaIts a 
kIn In drop dry and pal ley, so light 
yup your lazy blu ey S (5/8) 
To Ihe MOB Take your hands oft my 
mind and of( my hearl DaiSY (5/8) 
"Dear Pink Pants. we love you l" 
Forever, the pInk pant rs" (5/8) 
Prima Th rapy You've read Ih book 
Intoresled? Cali/wrote Mike McLane. 
4 51 Castle CreS! Dr LA 9004 t (511) 

for II';'e 
Ouallty AM fM St reo Tun r pert t 
COnd II 453 5269 (5/8) 

Free Public Seminar on 
ECKANKAR : The Ancient 
Science of Soul Travel Satur-
day, May 12 in H.l. Aud . 
(5/11) 

Free tickets now available in 
Urey Hall for Chicago 
Symphony String Quartet, 
May 13 at 8:30 in Revelle 
Cafeteria. (5/11) 

Representatives from the 
california . state personneL 
BOARD will be on campus 
Monday and Tuesday, May 7 
and 8 to talk with Bachelor 
Degree cand idates (or 
graduate students) regarding 
opportunities for JUNIOR 
STAFF ANSLYSTS 

positions~ These positions 
are primarily in Sacramento 
and are in four general work 
areas: personnel analysis, 
budget analysis, manage-
ment analYSiS, and program 
analysis. The common base 
among all jobs is the 
analytical thinking required . 
The difference lies primarily 
in the application of the 
analysis . Descriptions of 
each position and further in-
formation is available at 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
20., Muir College. Come by 
to look at their literature and 
to schedule your interview. 
(5/8) 

SEX AND THE 
UNIVERSITY. A series of 
weekly publ ic d iscussion 
programs sponsored by 
UCSD Women, held each 
Thursday at noon at the 
International Center , 
Matthews Campus. An open 
forum - bring your ideas on 
these controversial issues: 
May 10 - "Fourth College: 
An Open Door to Equality?", 
Dr. Roy D'Andrade, chair-
man, Fourth College Plan-
ning Committee. May 17 -
" Women 's Civil Rights 
Organizations and Equal Op-
portunity at the University", 
Representatives of the 
National Organization for 
Women , Women 's Equity 
Action League , and 
Women's Caucuses. May 24 
- "The Outlook for Women 
at UCSD", Chancellor 
Will iam D. McElroy. Bring 
your lunch! Br ing your 
fr iends! Bring your ideas! 
Share your views! (5/22) 

"Women in Science" 
will be presented Wednesday 
at 6:30 P.M. by Dr . Hannah 
Friedman, professor oi 
Biology at UCSD. (5/8) 

A new series of HATHA 
YOGA classes and 
MEDITATION classes will 
begin in Del Mar, Pacific 
Beach, and at UCSD. For 
details call Mary Bardone 
459-3975. (5/11) 

Attention all staffers 
& Applicants for T. T. 

For 1973-74 

Applications due Tues., 
May 8, 12:00. 

The nomination meeting, 
Thurs., May 10 at 2:00 

Election Tues. 
May 15, 2:00 Sharp! 

All these meetings 
Are Mandatory 

'69 BUICK SPECIAL aulomatlc wlair, 
radIO, p steerong, Excel cond. 515OO 
LInda or Gary 222-4127 (5/8) 
HIgh cost of meal a problem? Spear· 
gun 540 sell lor $20, like new, call 453-
8925 15/8) 
Camp traIls homon pack bag & 
magnesium (rame, large, 553 new 
$35/0r ofter. Doug 453-9193 (5111) 
Beautllul black klnens WIll go to pound 
I not claImed thiS week. 8 weeks 755 
0647 Free (5111) 
1600 cc vw eng lexlractor In perf 
cond Just rebUIlt, $265 453-1742, 
273-9984, ask lor TIm (5/8) 

'71 Honda CB 450, Excellent cond 
90.000 Miles, Mech Perl $7SO 453-
1742, 273-9984, ask fm TIm (5/8) 

GUITAR, nylon·strong Excellenl con· 
dltlon. $45. Dave 453-8884 01 apt. 03 
(5/81 
Pregnant DailY Goal. Excellenl MIlker, 
Make oUer, McKerrow. 755 7268 
(5/8) 
1962 MGA 1622 Mark II Road.ler, 
competition rebulII, top ml. extras 
Lafry xl005. Pat xl748 (5/8) 
All condItioner lor compact car, $40, 
motorcycle helmet, small, brand new 
$8 454-0650 (5111) 
2 steel bell d radtals - 2 "ber·glass 
belted tvros Good VW pan 453-
1742. 273·9984, Tim 
Hcrotag lIule, French system Wllh B 
loot, MInI condItion Call Alan at 466 
6652, or 239-5825 (518) 
FOR SALE. '63 Volkswagen camper, 
rebullI engine. transmission, reduction 
gears - AM FM radiO, 5700/offer, 
488 5485 (5/8) 

FOR SALE· Knee I ngth I ather coat. 
lll8 10- 12 $1000 4534999 
evening (5/8) 
cu 10m german ·mad Ir m8l1re. 
Sl PI' 2 adulls S?5 00. 273 7 1 
(5/8) 
For Sel SpaldIng "smasher" 
lumlnum lennI rack t Gut "rong d 

F xc ltent condItIon, only $25 (new 
5SO) Call 225 0887 elter 5 30 P m 

Sony TC-366 3 head tape deck. Ex-
celtent condo $150, 272-4735 (5/8) 
1964 PontIac Grand Prox., Auto, 
Power, R/H. Air Cond , Alum ., Wheels, 
exlras. $600 453-6112 KeVIn - Best 
Ofter (5111) 
FOR SALE: Pioneer SX-626 Stereo 
Receiver 6 mos. old Absolutely 
perleet condlhon $260 Call Paul 453-
3743 (5/8) 
AKC lrosh Seller pups, Champion 
.IIed, 8 weeks, shots, $100 or best 
offer, 273-2826 (5/8) 
Pick up w/camper shell, '67 Ford $1250 or besl offer V8, hIIch, 
carpeted, super cond 453-5817 Dan 
or 465-6000 days & eves. (5/8) 
Wagon, '67 Ford, 10 passenger. 55SO 
or best otter, V8, radIO hllch, rack & 
carpeled, good cond 4535817 Dan or 
465 6000 (5/8) 
Relrogeretor: Aimost new. bronze 
colored, .,., re(ngerator section. other 
hall Ireezef section. 5100, 273-0175 (5111) 
FOR SALE: Parakeet (male) Cheep, 
Call 453-6112 (5/8) 
ALPHA· TOOMIN PACER B,o· 
feedback (or alpha and gamma waves 
Was $250 00 now $ 150 00 271-8662 
(Sit 1) 
SkI boolS lor sale' Lange Slds size 
10.,-540; MoillOfS exlnl beg · 
Inlefmed Slle approx 8-$20 453-
7964 (5111) 
'64 Plymoulh, 6 cylinders Runs well 
S350 Ptease call 453-8910 (5111) 
Small relrlgeralor, 535, Sony TV 535, 
Pioneer receiver 585, 150 rock 
albums,753-7341 (5111) 
E sy chair. $20, Single bed w/bol I IS, 
$25 Call 488-2910 (51t Il 
P oot 7 I 504 auto FM·AM air cond 
now MIchelin X Ilros, Xlnl cond $2350 
2716979 (Sit 1) 
1 68 OPEL KADEn - good IIres. 

onomlc I See at "I sa Apt' 453 
8941 , $550 15/11) 
Chine 2· string Violin RedWood 
m d In mIni nd. 5 272 4735 (51t 1) 


