
Students Unite to 
Save Third College 

Hannah Cohen 
A student coalition has been established at UCSD to 

help preserve Third College. 
The coalition sprung up in response to the action by 

the Senate Finance Committee which cut the Universi-
ty budget appropiations for the bUilding of the new 
Third College campus. 

The coalition has been engagedfor the last three 
weeks on an active letter writing campaign to state 
assemblymen and senators expressing the dissatisfac-
tion of the UCSD students, faculty and staff members 
over the recent budget cuts. 

Students and faculty members have written up 
several form letters which are currently being dis-
tributed throughout the campus. They require only 
addressing, a signature and a return address by an 
interested student. The latter can then be deposited in 
any of the many orange boxes positioned at College 
Dean's Offices, Resident Dean's Offices, the cafeterias, 
the libraries, the 5 and 10 and the Revelle Coffee Hut. 
The postage is being paid out of the pockets of the 
faculty and staff members of Third College. 

The coalition has also been hitting the local colleges 
in the area with the latters and sent representatives to 
both UCLA and Berkeley to get support for the 
preservation of Third College. It is their hope to gain 
the support of all nine universities in the University of 
California system. 

Four main campus groups have worked with the 
coalition on the preservation venture including student 
lobbyists, Jim Beckley's (the Muir Dean) class, the 
women's Power group and the students of Third 
College with the support of the three college deans 
and JoeWatson, the Third College Provost. 

So far Third College alone has bombarded 
Sacramento with over 500 letters. 

Concern over the budget cutbacks is high at UCSD 
for several reasons. Pri marily, the concern is that if 
Third College is not funded then the fate of Fourth 
College comes into doubt as well as the whole concept 
of small separate specialized colleges at UCSD. 

Since its conception three years ago Third College 
has been operationg in the remnant barracks and 
quonset huts of World War II at Matthews Campur. As 
a result it is referred to by some as Uthe ghetto of 
UCSD." For this reason Third is having some of its 
recruiting problems. 

UCSD is also concerned because It is Third College 
and the future Fourth College which the UCSD 
planners hope will take the student overflow of both 
Revelle and Muir Colleges. Without the preservation of 
Th ird College, Revelle and Muir will become severely 
overcrowded. 

It appears that the promise of a new campus ha 
been br many at Third because it is a "token of 

Continued on p. 11 

Abzug to Speak 
Greg Hicks 

One of the most outspoken and controversial 
members of Congress will be addressing an audience 
via a teletronic communications system in 20 2250 
today. Congresswoman Bella Abzug will speak from 2 
to 3:30 from her Washington, D.C. office. 

Ms. Abzug has been noted for her liberal, outspoken 
stands on a variety of issues. She advocated the im-
peachment of President Nixon after he ordered the 
mining of the North Vietnamese harbors and resumed 
the bombing of North Vietnam. She has taken up the 
cause of the Soviet Jews who wish to emigrate from that 
country; she has campaigned for a greater voice for 
women in government. 

Her career has been marked by a number of notable 
achievements. After graduating from Hunter College in 
New York City she attended Columbia Law School and 
was one of the editors of the Columbia Law Review. In 
1945 she graduated from Columbia' and handled 
various cases in the fields of labor law and civil rights. 
She founded Women Strike for Peace in the early 60's, 
expressing a position on the Vietnam War which she 
advocated throughout U.S. involvement in the conflict. 

Continued on p. 11 

Community Meeting 
Holds Elections 

. Lee Burke 
The second Muir College Town Meeting, Held 

Thursday, May 31, in the North Dining Commons; 
accepted nominations for next yea~s' Senate and Ad-
ministrative Committee representatIves. 

The Meeting, designed to attract the participation of 
. students interested in college gorvenance, was 

attended by about 30 students, 3 of them graduating 
seniors, and college dean Jim Beckley. The turnout wa.s 
a bit less than hoped for by the MUIr College CouncIl 
which sponsored the meeting, these 30 students repre-
sent only .3% of the resident students at Muir. 

There is considerable concern on the part of student 
politiCOS with the state of student involve~ent (non-
involvment) on campus. In order to aVOId a non-
repr sentative, low-low-turnout election, the Town 
Meeting was adopted. It's effectiveness may have b n 
called into question last week. 

The meeting dealt with committee appointments, 
some to groups allocating funds which total to b tter 
than two million dollars. Nomination wer taken at 
the meeting and in the cases of conflict-wher there 
are more p~opl intere ted than can serve.t~e in-
dividuals cone rn d will m t tog th r to e tabl1sh the 
nomination . 

Th Town Me ting, by con en us, d id d to 

Continued on p. 11 

Cal-Pirg Study 
Rick Drom 

"Supermarket procedures for labeling and selling 
ground beef are sorely in need of overhaul," according 
to the results of a Cal-Pirg study released last week. 

The California Public Interest Rea earch Group did a 
survey of the fat content of ground beef sold in 
nine major chains in San Diego County. Their study 
showed that every chain in San Diego, except Big Bear 
markets, was guilty of mis-labeling the fat content of 
their beef. 

The survey, conducted over the past few weeks, 
involved testing samples of each grade of ground beef 
at three stores from each chain. Testing was performed 
by the Environmental Consultants Laborotories in La 
Mesa, under the direction of Kenneth S. Cohen. 

The principal findings of the survey were : 1) the label 
on a package of ground beef is no guarantee of what is 
contained in the package; every chain surveyed except 
one was guilty of mis-labeling, in one or more of its 
stores. 2) at least one chain, and !erhaps two, was 
additionally guilty of selling groun beef which con-
tained over the legal limit of 30% fat. 3) there is a good 
possibility that at least one chain is add ing water to 
ground beef before packaging. 

The tabulation shows tremendous variations in fat 
content between chains, and also between stores in the 
same chain . One chain's "regular" ground beef con-
tain d 34.7% fat in one sample and 17.8% at another 
store. The e were the high and low figures for any 0 
the chains in regular ground beef. That same chain was 
selling "regular" ground beef with 22.5% fat and 
" Iean" with 26.1% fat, an increase of 3.6% . 

Almost every chain's samples con tained at least one 
example of this : it was charging more fo r a sample of 
ground beef that had a greater amount of fat. The 
ex eption was Big Bear Markets, whe re every sample 
tested was correctly labeled . 

In addition, in the sampl mentioned previously, one 
store was offering for sale a product that ontained 
over 4% more fat than allowed by fede ra l and state 
law (which state the maximum fat cont nt in ground 
be f will b no greater than 301l/o.) Two te t were 
-onducted on thi sampl, and the re ult varied b 
only.3%. 

"What the e re ult s m to point out," a cording to 
Steve Brault, UC 0 studen t and :oordinator of th 
project, "is not a policy of mis-labeling ground be f, 
but no policy at all , for man tor .;. We usp ct that, 
whil virtually all tore hav th ir own fat-testing 
m chani m , in a gr at man cas t, s are not used, 
and ~round b f labeling i about s a urate 
throwing dart in the dar~ ." 

in e at I a t on example of mi -lab ling wa found 
in eight of th nine cha ins, and onl thre tor from 

a h chain were urveyed, Cal-Pirg d cided not to 
r I th individual chain figur . Braul noted , 
however, that th chain which had th greate t varia-
tion in it fat ont nt wa on which con i t ntl 

Continued on p. 11 



John \M.O.O, Invites 
John Muir 04tdoor Orientations is extending an 

invitation to an)' student, faculty or staff who want to go 
on this summer 's outings. Currently planned are five 3-
10 day backpa,:king experiences. Tentative offerings 
include sailing excursions, bicycling and cam-
pinglhiking in Mexico. Exact details are still uncertain 
but final plans, dates places, and costs should be known 
by the time everyone is ready to leave for the summer. 

The purpose of the excursions is to provide students 
who have never had the opportunity of leaving the 
crowded cities and suburbs to come into direct contact 
with either 'mother nature' or the wilderness'. The 
purpose should also revolve around the idea that 
University Students should have a wellrounded educa-
tion in terms of taking the initiative in confronting new 
and different things to do and getting something 
"concrete' in the process. This could provide the 
needed break from the 'study, attend classes. and go to 
parties' that UCSD centers around. 

If you are interested pleases register your intent with 
Clair in the Muir Deans' office (X19051. -

Sensorimotor 
Theory Seminar 

July 14-15 has been set as the weekend for "Sen-
sorimotor Integration Theory and Practice, /I at UCSD. 

The two-day course is open to professionals involved 
in the treatment of patients with congenital or 
traumatic brain damage, including occupational, 
physical and speech therapists, pediatricians, nurses 
and others. Participants are expected from ten Western 
states. 

Instructors will be Josephine C. Moore, O .T. R.R., 
Ph.D. associate professor of ,anatomy (neuroanatomy) 
at the University of South Dakota Medical School; and 
A. Joy Huss, M.S., O.T.R., R.P.T., assistant professor at 
the occupational therapy school, University of 
Minnesota. Both are accomplished authors and 
teachers in the special areas to be covered. 

The course will take a comprehensive approach to 
the therapeutic treatment of patients with learning 
difficulties and minimal and severe brain damage. and 
explore new dimensions in habilitation and rehabilita-
tion . Actual patients will be present at the demonstra-
tion sessions planned to illustrate the interrelatedness 
of sensorimotor systems, and the interaction between 
the patient and his environment. 

Fee for the course is $31 , or $21 for students. Lodging 
for out of town registrants will be available on the 
UCSD campus at a nominal cost. Pre-registration is 
required by July 6, 

The course is sponsored by the Office of Continuing 
Education, UCSD School of Medicine. with University 
of California Extension, and co-sponsored by the San 
Diego Distr ict, Southern California Occupational 
Therapy Association, Inc., and the San Diego District , 
California Chapter of the American Physical Therapy 
Association . 

For a brochure write : Office of Continuing Educa -
tion , Room 1309 Basic Science Building, UCSD School 
of Medici ne, La Jolla, Calif. 92037. 

Intensive Summer 
Extension Classes 

Flexibility of summer scheduling is making it possible 
for UCSD Extens ion to offer a number of intensive, 
short-term cou rses. 

These courses are planned in June, July or August , 
lasting from one to three weeks. Timing arrangements 
allow students to "study hard and play hard" during 
the prime vaca tion season. 

Dates of intensive co urses in June are given below. 
For full details, or to check on courses to be held later 
in th summer, please consult the E)(plore catalog. 
Req uests for ca talogs shou ld be directed to the Exten-
sion office : telephone 453-2000, exte nsion 2061 . 

The courses are : 
" Leadersh ip Pr inciples and Practice" (business ad-
mini~tration ) meting Fridays and Saturdays, June 15-
30. f 

" Balboa 'afk : Its Ecological and Cultural En-
vironment," n,e ting mornings, June 21 -29. 

" B stsellers : What Do They Say About the American 
Psyche," mcrnings, June 18-28. 

" hak spedr on Film" ~ftp,noons, June 18-28. 
"Work~ho) in Needle Art Techniques," Il.CHltngs 

Jun 18-July 5, 
"Art in Stile e ry for the Classroom Teacher," open to 

non-t acher ; Iso, (beginning, intermediate and ad-
vanced sectIOns), afternoons, June 18-July 5. 

" Photogrzp y: Introduction to Creative Approach 
for Teacher.," a ll -day, Monday through Friday, lun 
18-22. 

"Writers and Radicalism: Intell tual history of the 
1920's and 1930's," (history) mornings, June 18-28. 

"Authenticity and Ind ividual ity : Th Choice of Self 
and Valu ~ in the Twenti th Century," (philosophy). 
me ting Friday evenings and Saturdays, June 22-Jul y 7. 

"Th Psychology of Interpersonal Behavior," Mon-
day through Thursday evenings, June 16-28. 

"The Psychology of Creativity," meting Friday 
ev nings and Saturdays, lun 22-30. 

P~ge 2 Triton Times Tuesday, Jun~ 5, J973 

~ 
SIEILlt'Clr IEI() 

~1H()Il2lr~ 

Free Final Flicks 
The Revelle Residence Hall Board is sponsoring a 

Film Festival during finals week in the Revelle cafeteria. 
The films will be shown free for five evenings at 8:30 

p.m. beginning on Sunday, June 10th. 
Sunday's film will be "Bullit" starring Steve 

Mcqueen. On Monday "Have Rocket Will Travel" 
with the the Three Stooges will be shown and Tuesday's 
film will be the Alfred Hitchcock thriller, "The Birds". 

Wednesday's film will be a science-fiction thriller. 
"The Forbidden Planet". 

The film series will end on Thursday, June 14th with 
"Wait Until Dark", starring Audrey Hepburn . 

Since there will be no charge for the films, all are 
invited to come and relax before or after their finals. 

Revelle Chef Retires 
After 50 years as a mess boy, cook and head chef, 

Eyvind Oas reitred last Thursday as th head chef of 
Revelle College. "I have enjoyed working at UCSD", 
claim d the 67 year old Norwegian chef," among all 
the beautiful lovely students; men as well as women." 

Oas' ca reer began approximately 50 years ago when 
he worked as a mess boy on Norwegian fishing vessels 
off the coast of Norway. "And to cook for those 
fellows", Oas recalled, "you had to be goodl" 

On his way to UCSD from Norway, Oas worked at 
many hotels and country clubs throughout the country, 
among them the Astrotel in Milwaukee, the University 
Club in Chicago, the Alms Hotel in Cincinnati and the 
Calumet Country Clu b in Chicago. 

Oas had worked as a chef at the Del Mar race track 
directly before coming to UCSD two years ago for 
Holly Holmes, the then UCSD Food Services Director. 

··Save Money While 
Traveling Abroad" 

The latest tips about charter flights to Europe and the 
Orient will be a prime topic covered Saturday, June 9, 
when "How to Save Money When Traveling Abroad," 
is presented by UCSD Extension. 

San Diego travel authors and lecturers Bob Watkins 
and Joan Casale will teach the half-day course on 
trav I, beginning at 1 p.m. in USB 2722. Their book, The 
World Travel Planner, which has been favorably com-
par d with fielding's Guide 10 Europe, will be included 
in the admission fee : $10 for singles or $15 per couple. 

" Confusion over charter flights is worse than ever," 
comm nts Watkins, "so we will give some v ry clear, 
specific information on that subject." 

He and Ms. Casal will also cov r devaluation, 
money exchange , credit ca rds, travelers checks, how to 
bargain, shipping purchas s home, U.S. Customs 
regulations, how to choose a tou r, the Eurailpass plan, 
and packing Wisely. 

In a session they call "The Airline Passenger's Bill of 
Rights," they will sp II out xact ly what to do in cas of 
lost or stolen baggage, a d layed flight, or getting 
bump d from a confirmed flight. 

For informa tion on enrolling in the course, 
tel phon th Extension office: 453-2000, extension 
2061 . 

"Arms Rice" Lecture 
Dr. Herbert F. York, professor in the Physics Depart-

ment at UCSD and former science advisor to the 
Department of Defense, will speak on "Scientists and 
the Arms Race," Monday, June 4, at 3:30 p .m. in Sumer 
Auditorium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography . 

His address is open to the public. It is a joint Scripps 
Center for Marine Affairs and Scripps Department 
lecture. 

Dr. York, author of the book,Race to Oblivion, 
served as chancellor of UCSD from July 1, 1964, until he 
resigned in November, 1964, to become successively, 
Professor of Physics and Dean of Graduate Studies. 

From 1958-61, he was Director of Defense Research 
and Engineering in the Department of Defense, and he 
served on the President's Science Advisory Committe 
in the Eisenhower and Johnson administrations. Under 
President Kennedy, he served as a member of the 
general advisory committee of the U. S. Arms Control 
and Disarmament Agency. 

OverSeas Study 
The Institute of International Education announced 

today the official opening of the 1974-75 competition 
for grants for graduate study or research board and for 
professional training in the creative and performing 
arts. It is e)(pected that approximately 550 awards to 46 
countries will be available for 1974-75. 

These grants, the purpose of which is to increase 
mutual understanding between the people of the 
United States and other countries through the ex-
change of persons, knowledge and skills, are provided 
under the terms of the Mutual Educational and 
Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (Fulbright -Hays Act) and 
by foreign governments, universities and private 
donors. 

Applicants must be U.S. citizens at the time of 
application, who will hold a bachelor's degree or its 
equivalent before the beginning date of the grant and, 
in most cases, be proficient in the language of the host 
country. Except for certain specific awards, candidates 
may not hold the Ph.D. at the time of application. 

Creative and performing artists are not required to 
have a bachelor's degree, but they must have four years 
of professional study or equivalent experience. Social 
work applicants must have at least two years of 
professional experience after the Master of Social 
Work degree; candidates in medicine must have an 
M.D. at the time of application. 

Selection is based on the academic and/or 
professional record of the applicant. the validity and 
feasibility of his proposed study plan, his language 
preparation and personal qualifications. Preference is 
given to candidates between 20 and 35 years of age 
who have not had prior opportunity for extended study 
or residence abroad. 

Information and application forms may be obtained 
from Jean Fort, Fulbright Program Adviser. She is 
located in Office Of Graduate Studies & Research, 108 

. MC and has office hours on Mon-Fri. from 8 am to 12 
noon. The deadline date for receipt of applications in 
her office is O ct. 12 

Running Local 
Political Campaigns 

Practicalities of grass roots politics will be taught in a 
summer course from University of California Extension, 
San Diego. 

" How to run a Local Political <;:ampaign" is 
scheduled to meet in four all-day workshop sessions 
Saturdays and Sundays June 23-24, June 30-July 1. It will 
emphasize techniques that have been successful local-
Iy, and is expected to be' of interest to volunteer and 
professional workers in all types of campaigns. 

"We will teach basics," says coordinator Maryolive C. 
Shoupe, who is San Diego's legislative lobbYist for 
Common Cause : "in-depth evaluation of a candidate 
or issue, t~e campaign's relationship to the media, 
lit rature distribution, organizing volunteers, and the 
b st buys in materials. 

"These items will be considered from the standpoints 
of passing a bond issue or oth r ballot propOSition as 
well as electing a candidate," she add's. 

Mrs. Shoupe managed a local headquarter's office 
during the 1972 presidential campaign; and was in-
strumental in gaining support for the county ordinance 
requiring lobbyist registration, and the city ordinance 
to limit campaign spending. She is a 15-year member of 
the League of Women Voters, and has served several 
times as as a board member and League committee 
chairperson. 

Experienc d campaign workers will speak in the 
workshop course, which begins at 9 a.m. June 23 in 
Room 2113 of the Applied Physics lind Mathematics 
Building on the UCSD Muir Campus. 

Timing is well ahead of the September municipal 
primaries. . 

A fee of n1 covers the four meetings, Participants 
are asked to bring lunch each day or plan to buy it on 
campus. 

For r gistration details, please telephone the hten-
sion office, 453-2000, extension 2061. 

I: 
-

Pag 3 Tuesday, June 5, 1973 Triton Times 



'TELL MY HOST I ALREADY FEEL VERY MUCH-AT HOME.' 

The opinions exprened on thne poge, or. those of the authors whose nomes appear in the bylines and C!O not 
nec:euarily r./lectlhe views of Ih. TRITON TIMES. Anyone dosiring to submit malerial to be published on Ih.s. pa~ .. 
should send it 10 Ihe Edilorial Dir~lor. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blak. Hall. UCSD. 

TWO Plus Two Is Three 
Editor:, Mr. Phung's letter very incisively 
pointed , It the inaccuracies in Kevin Olson's 
analogies I ~garding North Vietnam and Ger-
many. As he clearly demonstrated, the North 
Vietnamese "are only marching back in their own 
country;" this statement serves very well, 
however, as a springboard for a very accurate 
analogy which sheds considerable light on our 
involvement in Southeast Asia. 

The last time someone "marched back into 
their own countrty" was in 1935-1936, when 
Hitler's troops reoccupied the Saar and the 
Rhineland. Only then, thank God, in contrast to 
the Fascist neo-colonialist reactionary bourgeoise 
imperialism of the United States today, the free 
European nations closely followed Mr. Phung's 
advice. Very rightfully, Winston Churchill was 
called a " chauvinistic warmonger" by dis-
tinguished people throughout Britain when he 
advocated military intervention to stop the azis. 
Using Mr. Phu ng's criteria, we see that Hitler's 
right to the Rhineland was unquestionably 
stronger than North Vietnam's right to the South, 
for scarcely one person in the entire area failed to 
meet Hitler with open arms. Der Fuhrer received 
a similarly tumultuos welcome in Vienna in 1938, 
and we all know of the brilliant statesmanship of 
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain later 
the same year, when he obtained J true, iasting 
"peace in our time" by adhering to Mr. Phung's 
arguments and giving Hitler the German-
speaking Sudetenland of Czechoslovakia, 
because , once again, the issue was "a purely 
German affair," just as Mr. Phung claims the 
Vietnamese conflict to be a purely civil one. 

It is thus clear that Mr. Phung's objection to 
Kevin Olson's analogy is indeed well founded, for 
our treatment of Germany was unquestionably 
very different from our treatment. of Vietnam. 
Yes, in the 1930's, we were moral; instead of 
trying to halt Naziism early, as we attempted to 
stall Communism in Vietnam, we waited for Hitler 
to attack us directly, as Mr. Phung points out; that 
is, we "morally" waited for Hitler to grow into 
something powerful. 

One shudders to think how awful things would 
have been if Britain, France, and the United States 
had immorally executed the Olson plan in 1936, 
had listened to that fanatic Churchill, and 
stopped the Rhineland takeover, nipping Naziism 
in the . bud Humanity would have missed that 
greatest of tI' the thrilling experiences in its long 
and gloriolJs history, World War II. Only by 
following Phung's advice was it possible for a 
rabid ideol.;>gy to attain the power necessary to 
give the flobe that trerTlt~ndou5!Y uplifting 
catharsis 0 several tens of millions of deaths in 
battle, oth( r tens of millions of lives torn apart, 
the near wi apse of every standard of decency, 
not to mer tion the gas chamber massacres of a 
few millior J w~, just to give the performance a 
gauche touch of variety. No question about it, life 
is a lot duller without the invigorating surprise of 
World War Three, which we could all enjoy by 
following the Phung plan and appeasing people 
who are "marching back into their own country." 

One point that almost every analysis of the 
Vietnam War has missed, however, is the North's 
invasion of Cambodia and Laos. Anyone with 
even a rudimentary knowledge of Indochinese 
culture is well aware that the Indian, Burmese, 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, June 5,1973 

and Thai influences in these two countries are so 
much greater than in Vietnam that it is blatantly 
false to claim that Hanoi is marching back into its 
own country when it burns Laotian villages and 
kills Cambodians. How, then, can Mr. Phung or 
anyone justify the Nor-th's end run into Western 
Indochina in its attempt to turn the corner and 
give the Asiatic Reds good field position? The last 
time somebody tried a stunt like that was Ger-
many, when she moved through Holland and 
Belgium on her way to France in 1940, and we 
know what the consensus of intellectual opinion 
is regarding THAT escapade. Mr. Phung can 
probably justify the Laos-Cambodia operations of 
North Vietnam, however, by some stock principle 

.of intelligentsia logic to the effect that it's okay to 
kill and loot in a neutral country as long as the 
conflict is a civil one (NV vs. SV) and not an 
international one (Germany vs. France). Sounds 
crazy, but I'm sure our intellectuals can make it 
seem logical; anyway, if they can make it plausi-
ble for bugging Larry O'Brian's phone to merit 
longer prison sentences than murder, armed 
robbery. kidnap, and rape, they shouldn't have 
much trouble with the relatively minor paradox 
above. 

The only possible flaw in the entire analogy 
developed above is a quantitative one; i.e., one 
can argue that North Vietnam is not nearly as 
powerful militarily or as potent a threat to world 
peace as Germany was in 1939. However, her 
intervention in Laoa and Cambodia is patently 
unwarranted and unjust; should the U.S. only 
intervene when the lives and well-being of white 
Westerners are threatened? Must America wait 
until the liberty of the entire world is imperiled, 
as it was by Hitler, before taking action? Is the 
welfare of a few million Cambodians and Laotians 
insignificant? I submit that whenever anyone, 
anywhere, is deprived of liberty the U.S. has not 
only the right, but the unquestioned obligation, 
to attempt to change the situation by withdrawal 
of diplomatic recognition , by economic sanc-
tions, or, as a last resort, by war. Any immorality in 
U.S. foreign policy stems not from our interven-
tion in Vietnam, but from our lack of intervention 
in North Korea, Albania, Rumania, Bulgaria, 
Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Poland, Cuba, or any 
other place on earth enjoying the blessings of 
efficient, election-free, one-newspaper govern-
ment in the gallant tradition of Hitler, Stalin, and 
Ho Chi Minh. 

Mr. Phung's well-intentioned but clearly in-
correct thinking, a clear manisfestation of the 
"hat America" syndrome in the minds of intellec-
tuals throughout the world, must be excused as 
an honest mistake, but certainly not adopted as 
the basis for conduct in world affairs. It represents 
that same unreasoning, unquestioning capitula-
tion to prestigious pacifist pressure groups that 
prevented Worlel War II from being forestalled, it 
portrays that strange, ostrich-like unwillingness to 
see the truth about Communism and the walls, 
purges, and genocide she inevitably brings. 
George Orwell , a well-known Fascist, sum-
marized the situation in the intellectual com-
munity in his reply to a typically naive comment 
by a British intellectual. "It's obvious that a 
member of the intelligentsia made that 
stat ment," began Orwell; "no ordinary man 
could possibly be so foolish ." An example of this 
thinking is the academic community's reaction 
ov r the years to the statements of Ho Chi Minh, 

to pronouncements such as "We are proud to be 
fighting in the vanguard of the struggle of world 
socialism against the imperialist aggressors," 
quoted in U.S. News and World Report, May 14, 
1973. AT first glance, the uneducated man would 
swear that Ho thought that he was a vital part of a 
world communist movement; to a simple mind, 
his words clearly convey that impression. 
However, the enlightened intellectual can cut 
through this glaringly obvious fact, can ignore the ' 
massive Soviet and Red Chinese aid to the North, 
and get to the heart of the matter. He sees the 
words above as a manifestation of Vietnamese 
n-ationalism. Such cockeyed twistifications as 
these show that Mr. Phung, while sincere, is 
wrong in failing to realize that the Vietnam War is ' 
a very real part of the aggressive campaign of 
world communism against the U.S. Yes, that's 
right, AGGRESSIVE- since World War II, only 
the Communist bloc has gained ground, it is only 
the Communist who are out to dominate the 
world; there is no Jefferson International. But the 
intellectuals of the left ignore such words as those 
above by Ho Chi Minh, ignore the known fact 

that "Ho Chi Minh was a Stalinist; he disagreed -
with the revolt against Stalinism in the U.S.S.R., 
AND was not a peaceful coexistence type of 
Communist." (ibid) For some incomprehensible 
reason, they continue to insist that the Viet-
namese conflict is a purely civil one. 

Other examples of such blindness are 
countless. "We will bury you." says Kruschev, and 
the intellectuals tell us that he speaks only sym-
bolically. Or one could also cite the incident (LA 
Times, August 1965) in West Berlin when a group 
of leftist Indonesian students asked their guide to 
show them the wall erected to prevent people 
from escaping to the East, and subsequently · 
bawled like babies upon seeing who had really 
put up the barrier, so effectively had they been 
indoctrinated. No one expressed the unreal 
response of the Free World to Communist moves 
better than Krushchev himself, in his now almost 
forgotten statement: "We spit in your face, and 
you call it dew." Until all of us listen more to logic 
and less to glib intellectual doubletalk, Com-
munism will do a lot more spitting. It sure would 
be outstanding, though, if somebody wakes up 
before the whole world drowns in the dewy flood 
of deceit regarding the latest brushfire war by the 
People's Democratic Republic of Trustwisting in 
its neverending attempt to bring peace and 
harmony to its countrymen in the South by 
blowing their brains out and cutting off the heads 
of the village elders. 

Until then, everybody, let's keep looking for 
that one good Communist; we just might find 
him someday. 

Bob Deleonardis 

The opInions expressed on these pages are 
those of the authors whose names appear In the, 
bylines and do not necessarily reflect the views of 
the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit 
material to be published on these pages should 
send it to the Editorial Director. TRITON TIMES. 
117 Blake Hall. UCSD. All contributions MUST 
Include the name and address of the writer. 
although names will be withheld on request. 
Contributions should be typed. double-spaced. 
with 50-unit margins. and must be received no 
later than Tuesday for publication on 'Friday. The 
TRITON TIMES reserves the right to edit 
materials to comply with libel laws and space 
limitations . Authors of material sent in 
anonymously this quarter and not p.ubllshed may 
send us their names and addresses. with a 
summary of what their letter said for identifica-
tion, to be reconsidered. 

Popkin 
CIa fifica tion 
Editor: 

I should like to clarify a 
few points that appeared in 
Hannah Cohen's article 
about me of May 25, 1973. 
first, the name of the com-
mittee that is preparing a 
suit to annul the 1972 
presidential election is the 
Committee to Diselect the 
President. Secondly, I 
believe that I told Ms. 

Cohen that I felt had a 
100% chance of being 
launched because the New 
York Times is now 
prepared to move ahead. 
Since talking to Ms. Cohen 
I have learned that the Fair 
Campaign Practices Com-
mittee, headed by Charles 
P. Taft, has reported that 
the Republican efforts in 
the 1972 campaign con-
stituted a "conscious con-
spiracy to violate laws, to 
manipulate voters, and to 

file ••••• _ •••••• r!l 
I. PUP.RATION fOR SUMMER • 

: LSAT : 
I: .I :" STANLEY H. KAI'lAN EDUCATIONAL CENTEff Since 19:11 

IN SAN DIEGO AREA 
• (714) 276-8947 . ' 
(iI ••••••••••••• (i) 

make a mockery of the 
democratic system of self 
government" (Los Ange/e 
Times, May 28, 1973). This 
report documents a whole 
series of unethical and il-
legal camp aign practices 
which are now being 
studied as the basis for the 
suits to be instituted in 
various states. Suits are 
being prepared, as far as I 
know, in Massachusetts, 
New Yo r k, Mis sou r i., 
Nevada and California. 
Thirdly, I am working now 
with others concerning the 
Watergate on a book titled, 
Operation Gemstone. 
fourthly, the novel by 
Donald Freed and Mark 
Lane, Executive ..... ction, is a 
novel of fact offering a 
conspiratorial explanation 
of the ken nedy assassina-
tion. The preface I wrote 
for it analyzes types of con-
spiracies from Dallas to 
Wa.ergate. Lastly, Mr. 
Fensterwald, as people 
who watch the Ervin 
hearings on Watergate 
know, is Mr. McCord's 
lawyer and Director of the 
Committe to Investi~te 
Assassinations . Mr. 
fensterwald has been 
directing thi~ committe for 
four or five years and I 
have served on the Board 
of Directors of it during 
this period . We are 
collaborating on a work 
based on new information 
about the John F. Kennedy 
assassination gained from 
recently declassified 
papers. 

Yours very truly, 
Richard H. Popkin 

Professor 

Nestor Paz 
. Irrational 

Editor: 
I want to comment on 

the recent letter from 
Nestor Paz. I shan't 
arg ue over the cor-
rectness of his position. I 
have very mixed feelings 
on this, and the basis 
from which I analyze it is 
doubtless enough un-
like his so that an ex-
tremely long argument 
would be needed, 
which no one would be 
interested in. But I have 
to quarrel with the 
manner of his presenta-
tion. This consisted 
almost wholly of 
vilifications, which 
might easily have been 
calculated to reduce the 
whole argument to 
irrational name-calling. 

Let us notice such ex-
pressions as 'reac~ 
tionary', 'middle class 
bourgeois mentality', 
'no commitment except 
to their egotistical self', 
'bleeding heart white 
leberals'. All of these 
terms are u sed, normal-
ly, for just one purpose : 
to insult, Paz' letter con-
tained absolutely no 
attempt to prove that 

there was anything 
wrong with his op-
ponents' view by argu-
ment. He may have 
done very well to rein-
force feelings of tribal 
loyalty to his cause, 
among those who 
already have such loyal-
ty. He may even have 
led those subjects to fits 
of moral cowardice to 
give lip service to his 
views. But I don't think 
anyone with any in-
dependence of mind 
would be moved at all 
by his statements. I, for 
one, am led to ask 
wheter Paz feels his own 
niche threatened, when 
he engages in such fiery 
and unreasoned denun-
ciation. Is the Revolu-
tion one more Holy 
Cause any questioning 
of which is heresy? Are 
Its high priests entitled 
to say 'the end justifies 
the means' as did the 
Jesuits and Inquistors, 

the Nazis and Stalinists? 
This is an important 

question for these 
revolutionaries 
themselves. For the es-
sence of the libertarian 
traditions of Western 
societies - and I would 
be the first to agree that 
they are not nearly ex-
tensive enough - is that 
they take disputes 
beyond tribal loyalties. 
They do exact a price -
that no 'deep commit-
ment' can become deep 
enough to allow un-
thinking, fanatical devo-
tion, or to override legal 
guarantees of individual 
rights. But the alter-
native is that there be no 
room for national dis-
pute, but only for the 
unreasoning warfare of 
one tribe against 
another. In this warfare, 
it will be/recisely the 
weak an oppressed 
who will perish. 

William H. Stoddard 

FOX IN HENHOUSE 
SEN. GEORGE R. MOSCONE 

For the past three years the two houses of the 
Legislature, and to a great extent the Governor, 
have been trying to arrive at new lines reflecting 
the figures of the 1970 census. 

Because we happen to elect people as con-
trasted to gods to office in California, I feel that 
the Legislature and the Governor must now give 
up- forever - their right to attempt reappor-
tionment. What is in the interest of elected 
officials cannot be in the interest of serving the 
people. Legislators, acting as human beings, are 
just bound to redraw the lines to their own 
personal advantage. 

The system we have now is akin to the fox 
guarding the henhouse and this Legislature ought 
not to condone it happening now or in the 
future. 

I have, accordingly, decided not to vote in 
favor of any reapportionment bill in the Senate 
this year and shall ask the State Supreme Court to 
take the matter out of the hands of the Legislature 
and the Governor. 

The specific plans which enjoy the greatest 
support in the Capitol are those which protect 
the most incumbent legislators. Almost to the 
extent that they protect incumbents, they erase 
the possibility of singular community of interest 
representation in the State Legislature. 

Classic examples of the fox eating the hen as 
she steps out of the henhouse are found in the 
new lines drawn in the areas of U.c. Davis, U.c. 
Santa Barbara and U.C.L.A. The three Republican 
Senators who currently represent those districts 
have under Senate Bill 195 had the campuses and 
environment removed from their districts. 

The Supreme Court of the State has said that it 
now has jurisdiction in reapportionment and has 
given the Legislature yet another deadline to pass 
regislation that will be signed by the Governor~ 

At one point in my legislative career I believed 
the Legislature could meet the interests of the 
people in deciding reapportionment, but I no 
longer hold that view. 

I am a co-author of legislation that would allow 
the State Supreme Court Chief Justice to appoint 
50 persons to a panel for reapportionment. After 
a reasonable number of challenges by the 
political parties, the remainder of the panel 
would be empowered to reapportionment the 
Legislature and Congress. 

To do any less now or then would be to rob the 
people of true representation. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across from Sports Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED ef'RE8CIIIPTIONS RUED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED ellEPAiRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. : 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M.· 6 P.M. 

114-1171 224-2174 
latest fashions 
In wire frames 

Som Don 
Some (Joff 
Editor: 
Re : Greg Holloway 's 
reply to Martin Radwin . 

On page 124 of Nor-
man Cousins' "Albert 
Schweitzer of Lam-
barene", ... everything is 
changing. Now that the 
Africans have all 
become French citizens, 
our whole relationship 
to the patients is 
different. Now there are 
elaborate forms to be 
filled out for the ad-
ministration. Each man 
who wants 
workingman's compen-
sation has to have 
detailed information 
supplied about him. 
Formerly, I would dash 
off a short note, sign my 
name to it, and that was 
that. Now it's endless. 
And if I say a patient has 
been treated and is 
ready to go back to 
work, he may become 
outrages for he would 
like to stay away from 
his job yet get paid for 
it." Dr. Schwietzer went 
to Africa because he 
wanted to do good for, 
not to exploit nor to be 
exploited by the natives. 

H istorica lIy, in th is 
country, the means by 
which non-producers 
have been able to ex-
propriate material and 
intellectual values from 
the producers has been 
by the sanction of the 
victim . Legislators 
should recognize the 
frailties of mankind and 
avoid committing a 
heterogenous nation to 
large give-away 
programs. 

For example, Social 
Security and other 
welfare-type programs 
are the foundations 
upon which have been 
built the idea that we 
are all entitled to a piece 
of the pie. By taking the 
responsibility (for caring 
for one's aged parents, 
grandparents, etc., for 
one's illegitima te 
children, for one's 
fatherless or motherless 
children, fDr one's men-
tally or physically 
deficient brothers or 
sisters, sons or 
daughters, etc., ad 
nauseum , from the 
family where if belongs) 
and devolving it upon 
the "government", we 
have perpetrated a 
program of excessive 
largess. 

Those of us who have 
worked for what we 
have will never be able 
to understand what 
motivates groups of 
citizens to exploit us by 
complaining of their 
lack of. opportunity. No 
one has the same op-
portunity to do 
anything ... we have to 
make our own oppor-
tunities on an individual 
basis . One of the most 
magn ificent aspects of 
the educational system 
is the opportunity it af-
fords anyone to become 
a professional student : 
the masters, doctorate, 
post -d octorate, assis-
tant, associate, and full 
professorship OJY (on-
the-job-training) 
programs are elaborate-
ly extensive 
epistemology. 

But probably the 
greatest aspect is the in-
tellectual climate 

wherein an individual 
can accumulate , diverse 
ideas. Shall we lay aside 
our inherent common 
sense prefe rring the 
new ideas, o r shall we 
incorporate the new 
ideas into a more 
cohesive whole? As we 
grow within the system 
we discover inequities; 
some of us don, some of 
us doff our robes of 
scholasticism to intellec-
tualize the problem or 
or to do something con-
structive about it. 

David Courtney 

SAFEWAYAD 
PROTESTED 
To the Editor: 
In response to your 
Safeway add of 5/15/73 : 
When safeway asks its 
"dear Safeway 
customers to help us 
help the farmworkers," 
Continued on page 10 

STUDY CENTER 
IN PARIS 

New curriculum openings still 
available for seniors & graduate 
students in the study of Film & 

Theatre for 1973-74 
(Theory, History, Criticism) 

Inquire now at the Education 
Abroad Program Office, 

International Center, Me, UCSD 
Ext. 1941 

Application deadline extended 
through June 8, 1973 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
8111 Smilh rorrt~ft e lr Stnk .. OIn noM wnk .. Inci ,tplir 

your Datsun 
Our mtd."~ Irt qullifitd 10 Clkt Clrf of )ou. car 

Alluur rcp.m" performed on ;('iur car 
h""1: d tt.()(K) mile or 6 month IU,Hlntee 
\\.C ill ... , se,\. ICC "nd repair Volk ~ .. ,cn 

B,II Sm ith Fort'lln .u ~r\iltt 
.141 uth HI,h .. ay 101 

olana 8t~h . Clllf 
(71411~~·H~_1 
,\h~tf('h'fJf.nd R.n"Anwricar. Crr.til Cud' 1('('qHf'd 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
OH.r.d bclu,iv.'r in San Di.go by MONTE R. KELLEY Insurance Agency 

Drive by or call __ I." 

C.S.I.S. COllEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
S090 College (corner College & Mon,e;rum.) 

Page 5 Tuesday, June 5, 1973 Triton Tim 

• 



Last Tango At Last 
HelMlan (ionuiez 

The writing 0 ' a film critique often, if not inherently, 
inspires a meddling with the Initial possibilities of a 
pragmatic digestion of the film is message. Feeling that 
he understands, that he has a t least the right to judge 
the critic nevertheless must face the fact that he was 
neither the idiot nor genius who created the film. 
Some critics confront this realization by seeking to 
outperform the film; others bury the film with poig-
nant and incisive comment as if thriving on the dellth. 
This writer has experienced the sensual rush of such 
intellectual malice with the delight Dracula himself 
must hllve felt upon attachment to his victim's jugular. 
Having matured beyond that recourse, I will attempt 
relevant criticism; besides, Brando foiled me on this 
occasion ... 

As I lurked into Cinema 21 anticipating my media 
injection, passively angry of having been fleeced of 
four dollars; as I strolled past the theater's oily, mumbo 
jumbo artifacts (flaccid costituents of it's claim to 
cultural mistique); and reposed into my canopy- I felt 
secure that my intellectual magic would enable me to 
willfully and properly prepare that celluloid morsel for 
a ravenous gorge. Alas! Hollywood held the holy cross: 
Brando! I cowered, warded off by the hero of 
American anti-heroes. I could have feasted ... had they 
not dared to give me my image, my Brando, with a red , 
whiskey complexion, thinning hair, with the same 
throated, idling voice, with those eyes and mouth that 
only Brando, the perennial juvenile delinguent, could 
stare out from the screen with and spell, "So whatl" 

Brando is in Paris so goes the plot, but the film is 
better understood if seen as Hollywood's first tango 
with Europe. It's billed as European, but it's promotion , 
engagement in first class salons, and obvious 
"nuances" in the content infer U.S. dollars. The result is 
a new formula, racy indeed, heretofore attempted by 
"Carnal Knowledge." ~ 'Summer of '42" . and 
"Lonesome Cowboys". 

The director, Bernardo Bertolucci, selects Paris as the 
first object of his interest. No, the shot is not a 
panoramic 78 millimeters of beautiful Paris, but the 
common and immediate, predominantly concrete 
structures most people contend. In short, the director's 
interest is the environment into which his first narrative 
and character selection is the anguished scream and 
face of Brando who is holding his hands to his ears as a 
noisy overhead tra in rumbles by. As with Antonioni , 
the environment defines the people and the emotional 
climate. 

The Europeans in the dramatic film use form more 
than the Hollywoodans, who see it as a medium by 
which to approximate a reality that will least obstruct 
viewer identification with their panoramiC panacea. 
Understandably, the train assumes significant impor-
tance in Bertolucci's cinematic process. Repeated shots 
of the fast moving train serve to punctuate the change 
of scenes, to evoke the movement of society in an 
urban environment, and to excite the senses to the 
moving stress and underlying current of passion. 

Bertolucci does not strictly fo~low the linear, causal 

Wiffimmntf 11 
Iltstnurant - itlttattsstt1 

KullQrr &tglt nnb ltnUsn 
6980 La Jolla Blvd .. La Jolla 459-2433 

Open 7 days a ",eek. Mo n.·Sa\. II-II . Sun . 9:30· 10 

Traditional and contemporary 
African art. as well as other hand-
made crafts from here and 
abroad. 
International Center, 
Matthews Campus 
Tues.-Sat., 11 A.M.-3 P.M. 

Plus SUPPORTING SHOW 

SAN DIEGO FRI.JUNE 15 8PM 
IrOB'I'S AIIDIA. i 

TICKETS: $500 IN ADVANCE $5 75 AT THE DOOR lllOCl ..... PI.III_. 1 
T,ckets Aw,lI.ble It ~ elll C.mble ' , M."I, Stores, 

• 11 l" •• Tlck.1 A" /I(I ... Spo,ls Artn. IItkel Olllet 
Lib."y TltUI ~'rlC lti In L.A. • 

"" 224~417' 10' Tock.llnfo,m.tIOfl 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, June 5, 1973 

plot developmpnt of Hollywood. He employs prosaic 
methods in which the viewer must actively participate 
in order to piece together the circumstance of Brando's 
anguish; that his wife had for no knowable reason 
commited suicide; that she had been unfaithful; that 
he had been betrayed by not only her but life as well. 
We are asked to develop this circumstance out of a 
series of scenes into which we enter just at the "juicy" 
part. Implied here and elsewhere is a French Struc-
turalism which attempts to reduce the circumstance of 
Brando's anxiety to a psychoanalytical construct, to the 
essentials ... though a few fans may have though they 
were entrails and exited early with indigestion. We 
don't get A to Z development so that Branda's cir-
cumstance doesn't take from A to F to materialize; 
Instead, he uses parallel developement and introduces 
.the Girl at the same time as Brando. Accordingly, as the 
two interact, the plot complicates; the tension mounts; 
the heat rises; in psychoanalytical symbolism. Brando 
and the girl, Maria Schneider, brutally exchange the 
Phallus. 

Some critics have called this film another "boy gets 
girls, boy loses girl". True, the X movie of past years 
entailed this plot within an arena of sexual gymnastic 
events. But, the X in this film is integrated into the 
context of an even more important statement concer-
ning social relationship. Bertolucci was quoted to have 
said something to the effect that this film was about the 
impossibility of having social relationships; he meant 
social relationships as human beings and not objects. It 
seems that the financial interests behind this film had a 
slacker rein on the European director's hand. These 
moguls have realized that pure, violent, clumsy, three 
ring circus, off Broadway X is not going to get over with 
the growing, discerning, discrete, contemporary movie 
buff... America is ready for a new improved brand X 
minced with genuine literary attempts to depict the 
human drama. This willlilCely form the marketable core 
of the formula for a succesion of similar films dis-
tributed domestically. Bertolucci has created the omen 
and possibly the standard bearer of this wave not be 
constructing a smorgasbord or artistic sexual scenarios, 
but by the creation of an integrated statement of 
careful and surprisingly profound construction. 

Brando is a man whois left without life's necessary 
illusions, the type that keep us going. You know ... 
product consumption, a wife to flog, a political cause, 
and the like. For no apparent reason, his wife commits 
suicide thereby denying him the relationship, the badly 
needed explanation. Having been a man of the world-
a guerrilla in South American liberationist movements, 
a reporter, and excitingly so forth- we find him 
struggling with his ideological nexus in the barren 
confines of an old top floor apartment, the "Iovenest" 
of the film. Enters the would be renter, the 20 year old 
girls who is innocent in the ways of grownups; who is 
adventurous, hip, and open minded enough to suc-
cumb to Brando's seduction. Bravol A beauty on his 
first try. He takes her standing up, yes, standing upl 
Close watching will reveal that the film proceeds with a 
careful analysis of their relationship, of what they bring 
to that barren room, and of how they brutally conduct 
the Western battle of the sexes. 

That room is as barren of decor as Brando Is empty of 
ideological rationalizations for the value of his ex-
istence. It's also barren of institutions; this alluded by 
the writer who has Brando desperately mandate that no 
m names or history be mentioned between them. The 
result is to reduce these two main characters to the 
bare, representative of Western culture, essentials. This 
baseness makes for meaty narration, tenderloin and 
glutumus being preferred. On the one hand, Brando 
tries ~o re-structure his identity by attempting, 
pathetically, to purchase, to mesmerize Jeannie with 
physical and spoken phallic permutations of symbolick 
wedlock. With narrative potions of the foulest verbal 
and physical ritual he makes a desperate effort to 
secu re her for himself. She in the end rejects his 
shemanism in favor of the conservative alternative : 
marriage to the equally untempered boyfriend, Jean -
Pierre leaud, who can't see the world because he is 
always looking at It through the camera- satire on the 
new wave of film makers in France. It is the girl who has 
the last say with Brando shortly after their hilarious last 
tango!n Pari~. In s~ doing, she ruptures the possibilities 
of their relationship and thereby resolves the tension 
and interest of the plot. 

To say the least, I gorges on the movie; I ate it up. But 
there was too much ... and I'm still not through . The 
film is entertaining; it aims above the heads of the 
middle class boobboisie; but then, that's part of the 
formula . And, one must conclude that the formula is 
bad because it doesn't properly attribute upper-middle 
and middle class anxiety to the root of it's cause, the 
economic relations of production. Even if Brando 
comes on with his masterful, hard sell portra~'31 of the 
not too old Man, the hope of menopausal anxiety. I 
cannot help bu t to think of the values this film 
celebrates. That we can't have human relationships Is 
our weakness and not the fault of the system that 
pervades our life of servitude. That this system 
gen rates the male meracantilism of the female is 
nowhere hinted. Truly the financial moguls didn't have 
th ir heads that much into their shorts because one can 
stili infer their economic collusion with the system 
supporting their hierarchial vantage point. I for one 
will not trade Siurpee cups painted with the pictures of 
famous European directors. True, I got my last Tango 
media injection, but I lust for the blood in it ... the only 
part worth having before I sleep again; before I can 
awake agllin. 

"Thanks for 
theM ry" 

Hank Steiman 

As I go through the daily grind of life, I often 
have time to sit back and reflect on my ex-
istence. (Of course, one has to be careful about 
sitting too long, so as to avoid the discomfort of 
hermorrhoids.l Anyway, I have learned to 
accept such things as death, taxes, and acne as 
being those inevitable occurrences of life. 
However, there is one unavoidable experience 
that most of us unfortunately have already 
endured. That well-known experience is known 
as "going to high school." For me, high school 
was an unusually strange and dreadful ex-
perience. The only things worse than going to 
high school are either getting hit by a school 
bus or joining the Marine Corps (or both). 

Anyway, at the tender age of fiteen, I entered 
high school with a "fee ling of hopeful an-
ticipation" (the kind of anticipation one gets 
the morning he is to go to the electric chair.) 
The school I attenedetl was Sal Mineo High 
School located in West Los Angles. The name of 
my school suggest to anyone (even to those of 
al/erage intellitence) the sheer toughness of the 
school. Appropriately, our school mascot was a 
husky guy named Vito who always carried 
around a stiletto with him, which he frequently 
used for " purposes other than just filing his 
nails." Being rather noticeably frail in school (I 
was 6 ft., 4 in. and weighed only about 93 Ibs.l, I 
became the frequent victim of the school's 
violence. Everyday I was beaten up by some 
group at school. On Mondays, Wednesdays, 
and Fridays the "Lowriders" would drag me out 
to the student parking lot, where they would 
then proceed to drive ' their hotrods over my 
legs. On Tuesdays and Thursdays the varsity 
football teaO') would jokingly use my head as a 
football for their after-school scrimmages. 

High school, however, did not go without its 
bright moments of personal acheivement. 
Despite the fact that nobody would believe me, 
I actually wrote all of War and Peace in my 
Senior Composition class (writing, of course, 
under the pen name of Leo Tolstoy.) 

During my three years of high school, I asked 
out a total of 492 girls. Of those, 258 told me that 
if I didn't leave them alone, they were going to 
call the police; the rest wouldn't go out with me 
because they thought I was a pervert . Actually, 
only two girls had the nerve to go out with me 
(after I paid them each twenty-five dollus). 
During my second hear in high school, I fell in 
love. Her name was Hortense. Actually, 
Hortense was the siKty-eight year old woman 
who worked in the cafeteria. Everyday during I 
nutrition, she would slip me an extra grilled 
cheese sandwich. I'll never forget her. 

In the tenth grade, I played on the school 
basketball team. Bruno Newman was our 
beloved coach, (who had the distinction of 
having an 1.0. that was less than that of the 
Pillsbury Doughboy.) To this day, I'll never 
forget the inspirational speech he made to us in 
the locker room durlns the halftime of our big 
game with Venice High. He said : "Gentlemen, 
in the Game of life some of you will be playing 

team, while some of you will be 
W'lt .. ,hntoU remember 9ne thins: in the 

nl."",.\I" remember to punt on third 
mean, don't forget to kick a 
hearing those wonderful 

d".'mo'n • . we went out In the 
the game 98 to 6. Recently, 

Coach Newman had been 
was caught attempting to give 
lI -bIIllllMa~ie to a six-year-old girl , in the 

va,,,,,,,Udll team, folks, gave me 
ity of ~ettlng to know 

"rh, .... .,I ... ~ .... those 'little lovelies" 
Brownies for our team. 

or year, a batch of those 
"wnnrlorftlnwM, I ... ', took the lives of our two 

bodies were never found . 
cipal, Dr. Juhnke, (whose 

been that of Social Director 
Reich) was affectionately 

Fuhrer" by our student body. I 
with Dr. Juhnke many times 

of my three years at Sal 
rticular exchange with him 
senior year. One day I was 
after having insulted my 

wc,odsh4ltch
'
er by calling him Ita big, fat 

come 
school, 
clothes 
"Jingle 
come 
would 
ritu al 
until 

punishment, I was required to 
Juhnke's office everyday after 
I was forced to take off all my 

. in. front of a mirror singing ' 
InCipa l Juhnke would then 
u li ke Santa Claus, and he 

with Chinese Pork . This 
lasted for about three weeks, 

raided by the L.A. Vice 

"","UI.," three years of insanity, I did 
m~lna l~ eltei've an academic education, in 

many important facts, some of 
below: 

Tu' .... ARNED IN HIGH SCHOOL : 
either was born or died, or 
with Radium. 

;,r ... wp" black leather jackets (with 
RS" on the back) and carry 

make lousy girlfriends. 
t ~ a ,rh .. rc are lesbians. 

I three years in high school 
fellow senior class members 

likely to Become either a 
Molester." They weren't sure 

AnIN.,Ke to leave you with the famous 
Buber who once said, "He who 

,. .... ,..'.i<es the unity of the world in the 
.. Those are strange words 

who couldn't get a date in 
I , that excerpt Is from 

Diiting .... fter Death, 
at your local bookstores. 

.rou'l/e been a wonderful 
I I don't set committed to 
·.lIm'lrIII~ten by a large dOl, I'll be seeing 

Electronic Finale 
The UCSD Music Department will present the final 

concert of the year in its electronic music series 
Tuesday, June 5, at 8 o'clock in Recital Hall 409, 
Matthews Campus. ELECTRONIC DREAMSCAPES will 
feature recent tape pieces by UCSD graudate com-
posers Ernie Morgan, John Mizelle, Stan Evans, Relhard 
Berg and Warren Burt. 

Computer music of Stan Evans, lEE and John 
Mizelle's POEM IN OCTOBER, based on the poem by 
Dylan Thomas will be presented along with tape music 
by Reihnard Berg - I DREAM OF JOY. Also on the 
same program will be MONO-MELODIES and a works 
for synthesizer by Ernie Morgan and Warren Burt's 
ACROSS 110th Street and LUllABIES II. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 

Sing With' Glee 
The famed Yale Glee Club, in its San Diego debut 

will join the Civic Youth Orchestra for a single perfor: 
mance on Saturday, June 9, at 8 p.m. in the Civic 
Theater. 

Under the direction of Fenno Heath the Glee Club 
will . present a. program of cont~mporary and 
renaissance musIC, folk songs and traditional college 
songs. They will join the Civic Youth Orchestra, con-
ducted by Robert Emile, in an excerpt from J.S. Bach's 
"Saint Matthew Passion." The principal orchestral work 
will be the Shostakovich Symphony No.5, Opus 47. 
Tickets for this special single performance are priced at 
$3 for general admission and $1 for students. Contact 
Gwen Cornell at 465-1700 for more information. 

Jazz Offerings 
.ApP,earing thro~gh Thursday at Neutral Ground, San 

Diego s newest nightspot for good music in a comfor-
t~ble atmosphere and good drinks at easy prices is 
singer and guitarist Jerry Riopelle. June 7 through' 10 
Neutral Ground will feature jazz flutist Tim Weisburg, 
(below), a :-vest coast favorite quickly gaining national 
attention With an electric jazz sound. Tim is a particular 
favorite to San Diego audiences and the shows are sure 
to be sell outs. Also planned for performance at 
Neutral Ground for one night only June 11 is an 
exceptional jazz guitarist larry Corye'li . There ~i11 be 
two shows nightly, one at 8 :30 and another at 11 for all 
performances. 

.On Saturday, June 9 at 9 p.m. UCSD's own MC 409 
Will be the scene of a very promising jazz concert 
featuring special guests Bobby Bradford, trumpet and 
fluglehorn, previously with Ornette Coleman and now 
of the Bobby Bradford/John Carter quintet and Joe 
Mar!1I0, s.oprano and tenor saxaphone, of Stream. 
PlaYing With them will be Mike Carniham, tenor sax 
and flute ; Robert Yareri, Tenor saK and bass clarinet · 
Diane Galas, pianos and voice; Gunnar Biggs bass: 
Ar.t Rodriguez, traps; Russell Caldwell, conga;; Joh~ 
Mizelle, trombone. All are invited to make themselves 
comfortable for this promising evening of modern 
music. 

PLA YING TUES.-SUN. 
Heartbreak Kid 

7:30 & 11: 15 
-pl.,-

Made for Each Other 
9:20 

at 

LA PALOMA 
NC-IfCceM'''" .' •• r .• f ..... ' .. · , ...... 

We Believe the BEST 
$200 anywhere! • ADC· CROWN 

• DUAL· DYNACO 
• GARRARD 

• GRADO 
JANSZEN 

(electrostatic) 
• KOSS· MARANTZ 

• MAXEll 
• MIRACORD 

• PHASE LINEAR 
• PHILIPS 

• QUINTESSENCE 
IT TOOK US 2 YEARS TO 
PUT TOGETHER A SYSTEM 

SPECIAL 
ATTNI 

!\OUIID CO. 
• IAICO· REVOX 

• SENNHEISER WE COULD REALLY RECOMMEND I 
• SHURE· SONY 
• TANDBEIG 

IN THIS PRICE RANGE $ TO~~Lm~~~~ar!~~~i:?~tl 2099.51 
HOURS: 

MON_·FRI. 12-9 
SAT. 10-5 

SUN. 12-5 
(CII""~1 

nl lint selection 
of top qullty 
nl .. 1 brand 

stlrlo co.ponents 
In Sin 01110 

alolg wltlt thl 
lowlst prices 

non -commissioned 
salesmo who 

are therl to hllp, 
not prasurl you. 

TRY AND BEAT THIS FOR 530000 

The SHERWOOD S-7050 Receiver is the most 
powerful in its price closs with unsurpassed FM 
Stereo section. The top-rated ADC-303AX's are 
one of the most natural !.peaker systems 
around. GARRARD'S 408 turntable when 
coupled with GRADO'S F.C.R. cartridge will re-
produce all your records hove to offer at 
only 2 grams of pressure. 

Retail list Price .. . $461 .35 
SPECIAL AT THE SOUND CD. 

Total Aural Orgasm 
SOUND COMPANY LUCK, BUYING POWER AND CORPORATE 
BELLIGERANCE HAS ENABLED US TO BRING YOU THE BEST 
SUPER-SYSTEM VALUE IN THE WORLD. 

MIRACORO 
6Z0U 

NIKKO 
1101 

Retail 
List Price S81865 

COlLEGE STORE 
4701 Coli ••• Ave. 

1 Ill. NO. OF Il CAJON IlVD. 
582-4'" 

(LAIIEMONT STORE 
421' COMO, St • 

1 ILl. SD. OF ULlOA 
565·7711 

The Janszen electrostatics are un-
believable. they have the flatests 
frequency response and lowest 
amount of distortion of speakers 
costing 3 times as much. The NIKKO 
1101 space receiver has superb FM, 
a strong amplifier and great control 
fleKibility. The Miracord 620U turn-
table Is exemplary West German 
quality. Included is a shure M91 ED 
hi-track elliptical cartridge. A true 
blow your wad system. 

Speclalatt •• $499951 
Sound Co. • 

Page 7 Tuesday, June 5, 1973 Triton Times 



Salut Given To 
Worl< 's Losers 

Eric Rai ters 
looking over pJst issues 

of the TT, I have noticed 
that almost all of the 
plaudits and acclamations 
have gone to the top few 
individuals and teams. This 
is true in all of the sports 
pages all o ver America. 
Therefore, this small space 
is devoted to all of the 
losers of this great nation. 

Where would we be 
without the team that go 
through a whole season 
without a win? Where 
would we be without the 
individuals that follow the 
lead of poo r Charlie 
Brown? Without these we 
would have no standard to 
which we could compare 
other teams and in-
divid uals and pick out the 
top few to write about on 
these pages. 

boost when they look at 
you sitting on the bench or 
playing, and you lighten 
up the game for both 
tea ms and coaches when 
you finall y do get into the 
ga me and show off your 
hard -learned skills. 

Our special thanks goes 
to the teams that have not 
only lost all of their games, 
but, who in this process, 
also failed to score on their 
opposition. These teams 
are the ones that lift the 
morale of even some of the 
above me ntioned losers 
and might even make them 
look good . 

It is for this reason that 
we thank all of you who 
have played for at least one 
year on the worst team in 
the league, the worst team 
in your sport, as the worst 
player on the worst team in 
the league or the worst 
player on the worst team in 
your sport. 

This then is the saga of 
the everpresent losers . Be 
kind to them because they 
are the ones who make you 
look good, no matter how 
klutzy you are. It is for this 
reason that I propose to 
the Congress that an of-
ficial national holiday be 
proclaimed for all of the 
losers, to be celebrated at 
the end of the year, just 
before New Year's Day. We 
thank you losers, wherever 
you may be ! 

Kris Hooper and Tibor s..far, winners of the recent doubles tennis tournament, ~t up agresslve net play. 

We also thank those who 
have participated on the 
athletic teams and have 
spent the whole year 
picking ' up splinters from 
the very warm benches. 
You are the ones who win 
the games by giving the 
rest of th team an ego 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

2259 ""I'llilia 1I('la 1'111 VII 
I'holu' : 159-:\165 . 

Groceries, 
Produce~ 
Meats, 

Wine & 
Beer 

Tennis 
Lights 
Go Up 

At long last something 
that many tennis freaks 
(and other victims of over-
crowding) feel has been 
long overdue is about to be 
accomplished . We speak, 
of course, about the con· 
struction of a lighting 
system for the Muir and 
Revelle tennis courts. The 
work has already begun on 
the Revelle courts, and 
thus far has not interefered 
with play. The firm will 
avoid interefering with the 
Muir courts until ap-
proximately Friday, June 8. 
Efforts will be made to 
leave the courts open for 
playas much as possible, 
but they may be closed 
temporarily and without 
advance notice for the in-
stallation. The entire job is 
scheduled to be finished 
by Wednesday, June 20. So 
remember tennis lovers, 
any hassles shoul d be 
gracefully accepted, since 
it all goes for a good cause 
- hours of more playing 
time. 

USE . 

The End Of A 
Long S eason 

The long intr~mur.al softball season is now winding 
down to ItS flashing frnale . The playoffs have winnowed 
out all but three men's teams and three coed teams and 
supremacy will be decided this week. 

In men's softball, BOOG crept by a game team 
known to friends and enemies alike as ENTROPY 7-4 in 
a semifinal contest Sunday after scraping past a toug h 
freshmen team, ~O~T FOL~, by scoring the winning 
runs rn the last Innrng. Their opponents in the final 

~at.chup will be the winner of the other semifina l game 
Plttln& a couple of oldtimers, the ORCS and YUBA 

~ITY, against ~ach other in a classic replay of last year's 
final game. With all three teams being veteran intmural 
squads who have played each other time and again 
over the years, the final rounds definitely have the 
appearance of keeping it all-in-the-family. 

The story is much the same on the other side of the 
coin in coed softball . COCKTAILS slid past a so mewhat 
psyched-out MAlADROITS unit 7-1 . We say psyched-
out because the MALADROITS have never scored less 
than ten (and frequently more than 20) runs in any 
former game. In the grand finale the COCKTAILS will 
face the winner of the PANSIES vs. RED 'S RA UNCHY 
RADISHES game in much the same "a ll -in-the-family" 
pattern. 
. While softball teams were still battling it out, coed 
rnnertube waterpolo came to a dramatic close Sunday 
night when season powerhouse UNDERWATER 
CHEAPSHOTS defeated the UN DERWATER SNOIDS 30 
to 19. Though the game was hard-played, the outcome 
was never really in doubt as the CHEAPSHOTS led at 
the end of the first quarter 10-3. The victors we re led by 
"Volu ptous Val" Cardeiro who pumped in 14 points 
and Dickie Duncan who ably assisted with 10 of his 
own. For the SNOIDS, the shini ng light was Captain 
Carl Strand (known as " rocket arm" for his speed if not 
his accuracy) who fired in ten goals . He was not alone 
in .the scoring column as Pat Malarkey cra nked in 5 
pOints. 

Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

~~,'J, Mlld'I" \"U' \1" 0",0 911 '0 
"'J111 C.<)I . ,,, .. .... Ih ... !:. ... ' 01.1 " 'HII~ Ptlf"~ .'8(. 471D 
.... ,tt ... "'~(.."'J,/OI" ~ 11'II .. J<lf •• t.>IJ. 1- II'hO"""'I)'J61O 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, June 5, 1973 

Effective now. until close of bUSiness June 30. 
1973. your University & State Employees Credit 

Union will offer a new low financing charge of 8 .3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks. 
and used vehicles up to four years old . We believe 

thiS new low rate combined with our loan pro· 
tectlon insurance, provided without extra charge. 

IS th lowest auto finanCing packag offered In 
the San Diego area . Down payments afe as low as 

15% of the total purchase price. including tax 
and license. with terms to 36 months. Take 

advantage of this new low finanCing rate before 
it ends June 3D, 1973. 

UNIVERSITY I STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

Sad Farewell 
To Intramurals 

Dave Phillips 

To a bunch of hard-core 
old intram ural freaks a 
hard reality is rapidly ap-
proaching. On June 17th, 
UCSD will graduate 
another crop of fou r-year 
veterans who will be 
receiving their diplomas in 
spite of (or is it because of 
7) the intramural depart-
ment. 

For those of you who 
have not yet participated in 
intramural sports or who 
have had only a brief ex-
posure to them, it may not 
make much sense that to a 
lot of people the only 
regrets about leaving this 
school will be that we're 
not going to be par-
ticipating in the intramural 
program next year. We 
won't be out playing soft-
ba ll with beer cans in hand 
next sp ring, and we're not 
going to b e sp la s hin g 
around in the pool grab-
bing at each other's swim-
sui ts, not to mention the 
fact that we won't be 
gathering in the gym to 
watch towering basketball 
stars stand by helpless ly 
while their female team-
mates win basketball 
games. We won 't even be 
out in the rain next fall 
watch ing our friends get 
run over by opposing foot- • 
ball players who are twice 
their size, nor will we be 
donning our zebra shirts, 
whistles in mouths, to take 
verbal abuse from all our 
frie nds. 

But for those of us who 
have really gotten into in-
tra murals, it has been an 

experience to be cherish d 
for four years, and to be 
remembered forever. In-
tramurals is more than 
athletics, it is a way of life. 
It is a place for a lon ely 
freshman to finally meet 
some people. It is a place 
for a shy young girl to get 
swept off her feet by an 
equally shy guy who may 
be anything from a super-
jock to a super-klu tz. It can 
be a place for fi erce com-
petition (De Anza football) 
or good old fas hioned slap-
stick comedy (Alamo W B 
basketballl. 

The tremendous scope 
of the program is due in a 
very large part to Lee John-
son. To many infuriated 
team captains he is merely 
the sounding block for 
comp laint s about 
schedulai ng problems, and 
often the scape-goat. But 
for those of us who know 
him, he is the very im-
ag inative organizing force 
behind a program which 
he has placed, for the large 
part, in the hands of the 
stude nts who participate in 
it. Under Lee's guidance, 
Jimmy (Sprout) Roudebush 
a nd the rest of the I M 
Assistants, the program has 
been expanded to the 
point that it really does 
offer something for 
everyolle. 

When we arrived at 
UCSD four years ago, no 
one had dreamed of coed 
football . Were it not for 
Gideon Young , coed 
inner-tube basketball 
would probably never 
have existed. Until Pat 

eol'III'" II " .. 9 

SUMMER JOB 
$110 WEEK 

Work available: Lo Angeles area , 
an Diego area, most So. California 

* no canvassing 
* we train 
* several 

openings 

* large company 
* you need: 

be sharp 
auto available 

Apply: ROGERS CO. 
7435 University No. 102 

La Mesa, California 
AFternoons ... Please no phon calls 

Walking lighting 
Discussed 

A group consisting of students, administrators, and 
a nu mber of o thers met recently to evaluate the 
adequacy of wal hyay I.ighting on various areas o n the 
UCSD campus. This IS Importa nt because it affects the 
safety of ~ersons walking around the campus at night. 

According to R.M. Butler, a member of the group 
the following conslusions were reached ' ' 

The woode~ path between the tempor~ry parking lot 
ea~ t of the MUir Campus and the parking lot on the Old 
Miramar . Road :west of Building 110 on Matthews 
Campus IS sC;> dimly lit as to be dangerous to walk 
through at n!ght. A meter reading was taken "in the 

ce~ ter ,?f this pathway prior to complete darkness" 
which showed less than 1/ 10th of one foot-candle./I 
Butler stated that the " San Diego Gas & Electric 
Com~an~, has been contacted in regard to the in-
stall~tlon of proper lighting. 

With regard to the path extending from the asphalt 
walkway close to the temporary parking lot, through 
the woods to the Central library, lighting is inade· 
qua!e, but the g .ath is too long to be lit. The group 

decl~ed that If an adequate lighted path was 
provided, the students using the unlighted path would 
do so at their own risk ." 

Funds have been allocated for installation of ade-
quate ligh ting in the area sou th of the tennis courts in 

CI~st~r I. Lighting between the Humanities library 
BUlldmg and Galathea Hall will be repaired. 

No fu~ds hav.e been . allocated at present for the 
construction of Irghting facilities on the walkway south 
and east of the Hl Building. Similarly, there is no 
source of funds for a streetlight which is needed 
around the footbridge over Gilman Drive east of the 
Undergraduate Science Building. 

In the Matthews residence hall area, the areas 
betw~en Dana Hall and Cabrillo Hall and between 
Cabrrllo Hall and Behring Hall are not lighted properly 
No. f.u.nds are now available to construct the necessary' 
facllrues. 

A ~treet light should be put in on the road between 
B~hrmg Hall and Building 711. No funds exist now for 
thiS purpose. 

The possibility was sug!; ~sted of installing call boxes 
at ~a~h ?f the stop lights on North Torrey Pines Road. 
ThiS IS stili an open question . 

Sad 
Farewell ... 

Conllltlld from " .. 8 
Stacy was put in charge of 
yolleyball, that sport was 
disorganized at this school. 
Coed basketball was born 
two years ago, and the 
rules drawn up by Dave 
Phillips. Did you ever 
wonder why there are refs 
at every intramural con-
test? Ask Willie Young ... 
he's the guy who has been 
getting them there all year. 
Without such people as 
Wee boy Smith , Earlene 
Williams (did you think the 
Jock Strip organizes itself7l, 
an d Gary Yo kota, the 
sm oothly-running in-
tramural department 
would sputter like a 
Volkswagon with a missing 

~pa rk plug. 

would thelast four years 
have been wi thou t th e 
Orcs, the Krabs, De Anza , 
and the Yuba City 
Honkers,and Goosers? 

These are some of the 
people who have made the 
most out of intramu ra ls. 
Bu t to those who do no t 
get totally immers d in the 
program it sti ll offers plen-
ty. To some it offers an 
occasional study-break. To 
others it offers a regular 
(and much looked fo rward 
to) weekend activity. And 
to a handful of hard-core 
f~eaks, ~ell, it is our way of 
hfe. It IS to everyone in-
volved an opportun ity to 
get away from the grind 

"Easter 
Island" 

The la st speaker for the 
SUlJ1nernoon lecture 
se ries, will be Jed Heroda 
on June 7 di sc u ssi ng 
"Easter Isla nd ". Programs 
ha ve been held every 
Thursday noon at Sumner 
Auditorium on the La Jolla 
campus of Scripps Institute 
of Ocea nography, Unive r-
sity of California . The 
public is invited to attend 
and bring a sack lunch. 

Locker 
Warning 

The following is an im-
portant announcement for 
all athletes, would be 
athletes, jocks and assorted 
gym-rats who ma y use the 
school's physica l education 
facilities . All lockers' must 
be cleared by no later than 
Friday, June 15. In clearing 
the lockers, last quarter's 
policy will be followed 
that is that anything found 
after June 15 in the lockers 
will not be kept, but will 
promptly be thrown out. 
Seeing as how a lot of peo-
ple lost everyth ing from 
expensive Adidas to old 
worn out jocks because of 
their procrastination , it 
would behoove any 
lockerholder to clear h is or 
her locker before the final 
date. It could be quite ex-
pensive. 

and the routine to which so 
many UCSD students seem 
to fall victim, and to get out 
and interact with people in 
a way that can be both fun 
and meaningful. It is easy 
to understand why when 
the intramural budget ran 
short this last week, there 
was no problem finding 
volleyball refs and softball 
um pires to volunteer their 
se rvices for th e remaining 
games. After four yea rs it js 
about time that we did 
something in exchange for 
what we've had. It is only 
small token of the thanks 
that we owe to Lee John-
son and the · UCS D in -
tramu ral program. Just as important as those peop le who organize 

things, however, are those 
individuals and teams wh'o 
always seem to be around. 
Withou t the likes of Nancy 
Acton, Jim Sheffield, Luke 
Le hre , and Mike Rath 
where would intramural~ 
find its color? Where 
would the continuity of the 
program be without Randy 
Eberts, Les Anderson, Juli 
Allen, Jon Presson, and 
Bruth Warner? And what 

Classical Guitar 
Wednesday, June 6, 1973 at 4 p .m . in the 

Revelle Informal lounge there will be an informal 
concert of classica l guitar music by Omar Ramirez 
and Robert Barto. Messrs. Barto and Ramirez 
have been members of a special guitar perfor-

man~e . proseminar this year. There will be no 
admiSSio n charge. 

"The best shaKes In town" 
Rick. d.lect.bl. Be.kef .nd 

Plet. Men,," on.r 
a .. f, FI.h, Fowl, end even 
limited Me.lcen V.rletle. 

BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGETI 

Made The Old-Fashioned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDAES Mlde with R •• I Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze &. Burger Kitchen 
5504 La Jolla Blvd . 459-1877 

(Family-owned & operated) 

Recent Student 
Lob-by "Successes" 

We .a ll find ourselves wanting to brag of our ac-
c.ompllshments and the UC Student lobby is no excep-
tion . We hav~ scc;> red .both for UC and other stude nts 
two subs~antlal vlctorres in the area of Elections and 
Reapportionment. 

~he .Lobby raised its voice against the proposed 
legisla tion which . would have changed the primar 
from June to the first Tuesday after the first Monda i~ ~eptemb~r. Bot.h bills (AB 192 and AB 321) were ki~ed 
In committee In response to opposition by county 
clerks and the .students. If this' legislation had passed it 
would have 'disenfranchised' many students especially 

o~ the .UC cam puses because early Septimber is a time 
o movl.ng for the student population. (SeeSacramento 
Bee artICle.) 

Yest~r?ay, !he .Assembly put Isla Vista back into Don 
Mac. GIII,vray s district, as part of their reap. 
portlonment plan. Speaker Bob Moretti told our Stu-
dent Government' Conference members that the 
reason for this was the heavy student pressure brought 
to bear upon the Legislature by the students. 

I
UCSB was n.ot about to be put into Kern County and 
ose the vot!ng strength they enjoyed. . 

The question of reapportionment is going to be a big 
one bu t we are very pleased that we were able to see 
that s.tu?ents were not being the political expediencies 
of thiS Issue. 

The student ~oice is an importan t one. With over 
109,00 s~udents Inthe UC system to represent here in 

~he Capitol, the Lobby is kept very busy. We sometimes 
ose track of keeping everyone up-to-date on our 
progress but we are here and it looks as though we 
have a permanent niche in Sacramento representing 
the students of the UC system. 

Now at our new location 
(with oJJ-street parking ) 

IDEAL 
BICYCLE SHOP 

Specializing In Raliegh. Peugeot & Clubman 
R eliable Service on all models 

WE STILL HA VE IN STOCK : 
'72 Raliegh 10 Speeds at $89.95 

4647 Cass St. 488-1727 
(acros from Roxy Theatre) 

Downtown 
Discount 

Prices ow 
In LaJolia 

Enjoy local, personal 
en-ice for all 

your camera needs. 

Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A SpeCialist In 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

O~y 
SATURDAY, JUNE 23,AT 8:00P.M. 

The spectacul.r AM AN Folk 
Ensemb l e 85 magnificently 
costumed dancers t ingers and 
musician. 
BALKAN - MIDDLE EASTERN -
AFRICAN MUSIC and DANCE 

CIVIC ...... , . . .. , rDIo' 

COMMUNITY 
CONCOURSE 

TICKErs 
IS.50 - 4.50 - 3.50 - 2.50 

CIVIC THEATRE BOX OFFlCE 
TELEPHONE - 236-6510 

Now in Paperback! - $2 .95 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

E X·1 380 

Page 9 Tuesday, June 5, 1973 Triton Times 



SafewayAd 
Pro tes t:id 
Continued. from p.ge 5 
what is Safeway really 
asking with the first two 
words: "Help Us"? 

Help Us help the 
forces who for years 
have kept the 
fa rmworkers work i ng 
and living under con-
ditions of semi-slavery? 

Help Us to play a 
cynical trick on you, by 
making you think you 
help farmworkers 
pressing for legislation 
of the same kind as the 
one of proposition22, 
the anti-farmworkers 
legislation aimed at 
taking away from 
farmworkers their rights 
to strike and boycott, 
which was defeated by 
the people of the state 
in the November elec-
tions? 

Help Us against the 
farmworkers by taking 
sides against them, the 
poorest and most vic-
timized workers of the 
land, by crossing their 
picket line and calling 
for repressive anti-
farmworkers legislation? 

If you want Safeway to 
really help the 
Farmworkers, ask them 
what the farmworkers 
and concerned city peo-
ple have been asking 

COMMUNITY "I 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service I 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

them for years: Don't 
buy scab lettuce and 
grapes. 

By the same token, 
you claim to "sell baby 
food because many of 
our customers want it," 
don't sell non-
farmworker-union let-
tuce and grapes because 
they don't want to fill 
their stomachs at the ex-
pense of the sacrifice 
and suffering of 
farmworkers, men , 
women, and children. 

Until this plea is 
heard, please 
" BOYCOTT SAFEWAY". 
Mec ha Hue lga Com-
mittee 

BooksDue 
The academic due date 

( Iune 30) for books 
charged from the Central 
University Library is quickly 
approaching. To aid in 
renewing, please observe 
the following procedure : 

1. Bring books to the 
Circulation Desk, Central 
University Library 

OR 
2. list the following in-

formation on a sheet of 
paper measuring 8 112 by 
11 inches: 

a. your name , campus 
mailing address, phone 
number 

b . complete call 
numbers (including 
volume information, dates, 
copy numbers) 

Bring or mail to the Cir-
cu lat ion Desk , Central 
Universi ty Library . List 
should reach the Circula-
tion Desk by Saturday, june 
30. (After completion of 
renewals by Library staff, 
lists will be returned 
showing your new due 
date.) 

3. 0 books will be 
renewed by telephone. 

Books not renewed by 
june 30 will have to be 
brought to the library and 
a new charge card com-
pleted . 

RECORDS E TC. 
SALE 100's OF 8 TRK's 

1.99, 2.99,3.95 
918 SILVERADO 459-5155 

Hear ye Gentle bles. Commons. Revellers All 

STREr.\ fr.STI\t1l & SALE 

JU NE 8-9-10· DEL MAR 
Knew 'e the true delight of bu ing your 
impl n nrs of daily use 0 1 uLj..:ct:; o'~rry 
al Carnerbury Corner. Wander the colour~ 
ful ~ hoppes to ftnd the many treasures. 
plea~ur'es and bargains which dazzle mynde 
and 1e. Meet friend for a joyfulluncheoo 
at th.! Jester's sunny sidewalk cafe. Complic 
mcnrarie gyft for youthful nobles. And a 
cache of valuable free prize . 

Pag 10 Triton Times Tuesday, June 5, 1973 

FEIFFER 
fwV.JJ 

I 

~-, JjJ ~/17' 1Ii4S~ 
'IOU <.tOO 
Fla)'l; PR0V6 
~~r Hl( POI~T. 

HA.~ 

MNJ 
IS 

\ 

HNJ 

~AN 

HM.) 
IS 

I MlrA~ 
1lV5. 

MAtJ 
IS 

HA~ 
IS 
IHITA-
111/6. 

, 

f.1M) 
1'5 
, 

tv1A~ 
IS 
I 

,HAT'S 
WHAT 
r 
SAID· 

, 

MNJ 
IS 
V(Ot.eJr. 

\ 

HNJ 

1HAiS 
l.OHA'f 
.r 
SAID 

HAl,) 
IS 

VI~M 
I 

II 
e 
~ 
.. 
Ul 

'ii 
~ 

~ 
i 
i-
t! 
is 

IS 
I SOI..AT6C7. 

I 

Sen. Moscone Speaks on Tuition 
The imposition of tuition upon the students of the 

University of California epitomizes the regressive and 
harmful pol icies of the Reagan Administration. Its 
orig in is retribu tion. The University faces substantial 
challenges of its abil ity to support financially its 
academic, research, and service programs and of its 
capacity to meet the educational needs of all segments 
of California Society. 

Inadequate state financia l support for higher educa-
tion and the demagogic shellacking that higher educa-
tion has received from state and federal politicians are 
at the heart of many of these prob lems. We can no 
longer tolerate elected representatives who are insen-
si tive to higher education and cava lier about th e future 
of California . 

My philosophic commitment to higher education 
must serve all the people of California, either as 
students or as beneficiaries of its servirps, programs, 
and research, lead me to no other conclusion . 

Tuition is totall y inconsistent with this conclusion. 
Tuition has not and can never fully achieve the 

capacity 10 open the doors of the University to 
qualified students, potential scholars, or ca reer 
oriented persons. When tuition is used for capital 
outlay and fi nancial aid or the general operating 
budget (whi ch Governor Reaga n advocates) it imposes 
an economic burden upon the students and their 
fami lies to fi nance a greater portion of university 
operations. However, there is insufficient financial aid 
to meet the added fi nancia l burdenthat many famili es 
face because of the increased fee . 

By imposing tuition, Governor Reagan has precluded 
the opportunity of many middle and lower income 
students from attending this great University. By 
vetoing state appropriations to the University of 
California, Governor Reaga n has prevented numerous 

Miramar Rd. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 

USECU 
OFFICE 

lower income and minority persons from attending the 
University. 

We know that students attend the University despite 
tuition . However, I know of no student, who is here 
because of tuit ion. Essentially, tuition serves to 
perpetuate a student population which, on the 
average, refl ects the economically more fortunate 
segments of society. 

As Democratic Floor Leader in the California State 
Senate, I have vigorously opposed tuition and have 
attempted at every opportunity to eliminate, postpone, 
or curtail its imposition . last year, Senator Walter Steirn 
and I carried to the SenateAssembly Conference Com-
mittee, on behalf of the UC Student lobby, and 
augmentat ion to the State budget which would have 
removed the imposition of tuition for this year. 
However, Governor Reagan vetoed this worthwhile 
I gis lation. . 

The hardship caused by tuition may be even greater 
during the coming academic year. The federal studen t 
aid bill wh ich does not meet th e financial aid needs of 
the students is confusing at best. Delays in the receipt 
of funds which are predicted by financial aid ad-
minist ra tors and the additional student loan im-
positions under under the bill place an even greater 
strain on many students. Therefore, we must take 
certain steps to alleviate this situ.ation . We ca.nnol rely 
on th e Congress. We must join together to eliminate 
tuition and alleviate the unjust economic burd en on 
the students. To this goal I pi dge my full energies. 

I would appreciate your opinion on this issue. If 
there are any experiences that you would want to 
relate or any position th'l t you would care to advocate 
on this or any other issue of concern to you, please 
writh to me at Room 408, State Capitol building, 
Sacramento, California 95814. 

USE . .. Your Academic and Sla" Employees C,edil Union 

YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 
Olfice hours are 9:00 am to 5:30 pm daily, 
Monday through Friday. Phone 453-5620. 

UNIVERSITY & n n r= r= 
STATE EMPLOYEES L.!:!...J c::=.J L5 

CREDIT UNION 
OF SAN DIEGO To San Diego 

Lyman Ave. at Miramar Rd, La Jolla 92037 . Ph 453·5620 
!J~~5 MI1(IIed S t ree t , ~.n o,eln 92110 Phone '911838 
5191 Collelll~ Avenue . 511" Olello 9 /J 15 ... Phon. '86 4::>' 10 

Students Unite ... 
Continued from page 1 

stability" according to Beverly Varga, the Third College 
Dean . 

According to Ms. Varga, the first academic unit that 
was to be built of Third College was going to house 
facilities that the University community as a whole 
needs including increased lab facilities and some T.V. 
labs. 
Beverly Varga feels that the state's rationale for cutting 
the budget, which states that UCSD's overflow of 
applicants should be redirected to the campuses with 
open spaces such as Santa Barbara and Riverside, is like 
" putting all assets into failing ventures." Indeed, she, as 
most of the faculty at Third, believes that Third College 
must be preserved because at no other college in the 
state can a student be exposed to the educational 
curriculum that third College offers. 

The Third College Dean believes that the coalition 
will continue to function at UCSD oncer the Third 
College problem is solved. It will function to handle 
other campuswide problems and to keep the lines of 
com munication open between all three UCSD colleges 
and those colleges of the future . 

Abzug ... 
Continued fro m page 1 

In 1970 abzug was elected to Congress, serving on 
Public Works and Government Operations com-
mittees. In 1972 she ran in the 20th District Democratic 
Primary against William Ryan (after her old district, the 
19th, was eliminated by reapportionment). Her 
aggressive, outspoken style was revealed during the 
campaigh. New York magazine quoted her as saying of 
Ryan that " 1 ran for Congress because I elected guys 
like Ryan and they didn't change anything." She was 
quoted againonRyan: "His district is the most liberal in 
the country . In fact it's called the liberal ghetto. It 
doesn't take courage to be liberal there ... I' 1i tell you 
what takes courage. It's representing black-listed artists 
during the McCarthy era like I did, when you couldn't 
find a lawyer because of guilt by association." 

The voters of the 20th District disagreed with her 
preference; the incumbent Ryan was elected as the 
Democratic candidate. However, Ryan died soon after 
this, and the Democratic Party elected Abzug to run in 
his place. Ryan's wife entered the race as a Liberal 
candidate. After a hotly contested race Abzug was 
elected to a second term in Congress, where she has 
continued to operate in her active, aggressive style. 

Cal -Pirg Study ... 
Continued from page 1 

advertised that it pre-tested its ground beef for 
leanness . 

Testing for Cal-Pirg was performed by chemist 
Robert l. Pozner, using the highly rel iable ei ther 
extract method . Environmental Consultants 
Laboratories, a division of Micronomics International, 
Inc., is certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture 
to perform meat product analysis 

The laboratory also performed tests for water con -
tent in f ive random samples. Four of the tests yielded 
moi ture contents of between 52% "";ld 58%, but one 
sample contained 68.4% water. Combined with the 
12.8% fat in that sample, there could have been only 
18.8% protein, assuming th ere were no other addit ives 
present. Normal amounts of protein in ground beef 
vary between 22% and 25% according to Cohen. 

Cal -Pirg director Dan Franklin said that one reason 
for the lack of standa rdization in ground beef labeling 
was the ab ence of any legislation which requires stores 
to standardize the amount of fat in the various grades 
of ground beef. "A store is permitted to use whatever 
fat content it desires, just as long as there is no more 
than 30%, and leaner grades are noticeably different," 
he stated. "Unfortunately, most chains are not even 
meeting these restrict ions." 

As a result of its findings, Cal-Pirg wi ll write to each 
offending chain, asking them to tell the group what 
actions they will take to remedy their procedures. 
"Hopefully, the stores v.'ill stop their misleading 
labeling practices, and no further action will be 
necessary," Franklin said. The group will also support 
legislation introduced by Assemblyman john V. Briggs 
of Fullerton (A B935), whichwill require stores to state 
fat content of ground beef on the labels. 

Community Meetings ... 
perpetuate itself, and the agenda for the first meeting 
next year contains the following items: 

1) Deal with finalizing appointments to committees. 
2) Attempt to draw next years' freshman into next 

years' governance. 
3) Deal with methods of communication-ie. bulletin 

boards kiosks, etc. 
4) Reconsider the effectiveness of regular town 

meetings vs. other forms. 
Minutes of this Town Meeting will be posted in Dean 

Beckley's office and at the Student Change Center. 
There are various vacancies on committees; (those) 
students interested should check the minutes or talk to 
Jim Beckley, Mark Whisler Les Pavier, or any other 
student who attended the Town Meeting. 

FOR THE 
MUNCHIES 
.. -.............................. _ .. _ .... . 

CHAR·BE 
(A NEW BURGER) 

~_2C 
............................... _ ... _ ... _,._ .. , . 

THEY TASTI GOOD! 

AT ALL 17 
CHAR-BURGER 
LOCATIONS 

A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~.~A~A~A~.~AYAYAyAT.TAYAY 
~ 1~.caaG= aa Q t:I~aGDaa G DDa~ ~ aGa t:l a aa oo~~aQo~~~~'~(;"ca~o'"OCi~~~~,.., ~ 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
~ ~ ~ Tony Mata Presents ~ 
: Indian Jewelry ~ 
: SALE & SHOW ;~ ~ One of the largest collections ever shown to the public. & ~ 

~ ~i ~ 
: NAVAJO :eHOPI • ZUNI I ~ 
: SANTA DOMINGO ~ ~ 

~ See fabulous pieces ~~ ~ ~ of Indian Jewe/ery created ~~ ~ ~ § ~ 
~ s~ ~ Old and new Pawn pieces, ~ ~ 
~ museum quality ~ ~ 

~ Rugs - Pottery - Jewelry ~ 
~ Old and New $10.00 to $10,000.00 : 
~ 1 week only - Monday June 4th-Sat June 9th ~ 

~ 10-5 p.m. ~ 
~ ~ 
: La Jolla Jewelers ~ 

~ 7603 GIRA RD AVE. LA JOLLA, AUF.454-7184 • 
~ ~~~~~Q'oa~ot)(,loa ••• o.Cl".G.Cl.OIIII"Ii~~~ ~ 

~A~A.A~A~A~A~.~.~A~A~A~ •• AYAYAT.T.TAYAYAY. 
Page 11 Tuesday, June 5, 1973 Triton Time 

f \1 I 



. ' 

.. --~~----------------------announcement~-----------------
CHESS CLUE; eets tonight 
at 7:30 vn the Revelle north 
dining hall. If the club owes 
you a dollar please come 
and get it. (6/5) 

Tuesday, June 5 B:OO p.m., 
409 MC , ELECTRONIC 
DREAMSCAPES works from 
UCSD (6/5) 

"'If you missed it last time 
you can't aford to miss it this 
time. It's your last chance. ,., 
We will plan all star parties 
for the WHOLE SUMMER at 
the next meeting of the 
UCSD Astroners (Tues. 7:30 
Hl 1160). Also, if clear, there 
will be a short star party after 
the meeting. (6/5) 

wednesday 
The Department of Literature 
presents three colloquia on 
Problems In the Sociology of 
literature (something to think 
about durtng the long 
summer months) 
Wednesday, June 6 at 4 p.m. 
In the Revelle Formal lounge 
Cesar Grana (Department of 
Sociology , UCSD) 
" literature as Soc ial 
Representat ion andlor 
Social Illusion". Friday, June 
B at 3 p.m. in the Revelle 
Formal lounge Aaron 
Cicourel (chairman, Dept. of 
Socio l ogy , UCSD) 
" Problems of Visual Com-
munication". These meetings 
will be very informal. there 
will be coffee , tea , and 
cookies. and much food for 
thought! (6/B) 

.ervlce. 
Molorcycle repair and lune·up Cheap 
and guaranleed Summer. can piCk 
UP 279-6617 (618) 

CUSlOm carpentry. plumbing elc -
No job too odd lor US - reasonable 
755· 2985 (6/8) 

PAINT WORK - completes·Cars. SO· 
75 Trucks. V8ns. SO up - Body work 
and Spot work also 454·449t (6/8) 

SUMMER STORAGE - Refng • Bikes. 
Fum Anything. Insured. Very reas 
P,ck·up and Oellvery 454-449 1 (6/8) 

EXPERIENCED SAILING Instructor 
Weekends. all summer 291·6313. ask 
for Dana (6/8) 

If you are Inlerested In learning Modern 
or Ancient Greek from a native speaker 
next Fall. NICk Papedopoulos. 453· 
6102 453·6102. (6/8 ) 

BMWSAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

60 1 So HIli 
Oceanside 722·811 ' 
We se1VIce all makes 
01 foreign cars (EF) 

Pregnant and Iroubled? Consider 
Alterna Ives to AbOrtion Let us help 
you Call 583·L1FE. 24 hour hot hne 
(6/8) 
Pro paml work. acrync enamel COmps 
SOuP. Full,slle SOuP. vln. Truck. 
SOup. Body,work. '54·4'91 

Home for summer? Need something 
shipped up north (S F or less) Call 
Paul a er 8 pm 565·1640 $1000 or 
ess (6/5) 

Garage Sale JBL SpI<rs 5400 Fur· 
Mure. water beds range. elc 7021 
Draper La Jc l1a (Sal) (6/5) 

wanted 
WANTED - fa Ie. cha"s. 2 Sioois 
Denn,. X2371 (~/5) 

SIe&pong bag I good cond,hon. preer 
DOWN but • III ~onslder other 453· 
5757 (6/8) 
W nled Any 'ell( copy of Haw.II on 5 
& lOSe Dey fle call RiCk 565 8409 
(6/5) 
Wanled Onol pctson to Ihare drov·no 
and travel eXI e es Irom San D.ego 10 
or near Phli'd !Iphla. Pa . "'lIh two med 
studenls We Nil! be leavmg Sun June 
10 Call RICk 453·71J13. or Ted 453· 
2865 or. leave • nol In Bo1 5290 
(6/5) 
Need ride 10 Boulder Color Tuc.on . 
Anz June 4 or 5 Will lhar up 453· 
6995 (6/5) 

Drummer & Ba .... t need rOCk 
gu,tar,st-summer Sh Iby "53·937' 
John 755 1233 (6/5) 

CompanIOn wanled tor tnp 10 England 
In Aug H'~lng ContaCl Warren 453 · 
1133 (6/5) 

ATTENTION UCSD 
SOPHOMORES: If you think 
you might be interested In 
becoming an elementary 
school teacher, come and 
find out what the Teacher 
Education Program at UCSD 
is all about. Wednesday, 
June 6 at 12 : 00 in 
Conference Room A, 111 
Matthews Campus. For more 
information call ext. 2B03. 
(6/5) 

thursday 
Dr . Herbert Marcuse , 
Honorar Professor UCSD will 
speak to the Society and 
Human Values Class in 2A 
Room 2113 Thursday June 
7th 2 until 3:30. Open to 
visiting students. (6/5) 
An unanticipated change i n 
Dr. Kenneth Olden's plans 
has necessitated the Depart-
ment of Biology seminar 
schedule for Tuesday, June 
5th, to be changed to 
Thursday June 7th. All other 
details remain the same. 
(6/5) 
THE TRITON WARGAM -
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs. night in MC 506. We 
play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 

general 
ATTENTION : All Reve lle 
Students - B.Y.O.M. (Bring 
your own munchies) to 
lower Blake lounge on 
Saturday June 16 and 
ce l ebrate TH E EN D . 
(6/B) 

Strong swimmer to accompany same 
thrICe weekly dunng SWim. La JOlla 
Shores to Cove In A.M Phones eves. 
453·23 17 for Jay. (6/5) 

Do you have Balinese Characler by 
Bateson? Call 453·08888 (6/5) 

3 dox homemd choc chip cookies for 
use of van or pickup for 2 hrs on 6/20 
(my gas) 453·8436 (6/5) 
Couple needs rode to NYCINJ area 
a er June IS. Share dnvlng & expense 
Rlk 488·3400 (6 /5) 

Wanled: G"ls ltlal like 10 sew and have 
the" heads Two UC girls Will be 
managing fabriC storo In Oceans de 
Call Phyh", 582·4462 (6/5) 
Ride needed 10 East Coast After IS 
June. have to be there by 29 June Will 
share dnvlng and expenses. Calf Peler 
& at 75S·7263 (6/8) 
Ride to New York needed tor three 
persons after June 25,wlli share 
driVing and expenses · call Dan 278· 
9981 or Kathy 454·1069 (6/5) 

10lt and found 
FOUND - Wire rimmed glasses by 
elevalor In Argo 5/31173 Claim et T.T. 
(6/8) 

LOST Knap sack wllh book. Patterns 
of Anarchy by KVlmevman . Please 
leave .1 North Star office Thanks. 
Mike (6/8) 

Brown suede coat lost In room 2D· 
1330. 274·2373 If you found II 
REWARD (6/8) 

LOST Small . red nOlebook 
somewhere between MUIr. Can ral Lib 
Reward 459·6850 (6/8) 

LOSI ' PhYSICS texl (Bueche) In 
USB4020A on 5/17 urgenlly needell 
Call Jim 453·2945 (6/5) 

LOST Silver and lurquolse bracelel 
5/30/73 If found call 453·S539. ask 
for Kay (6/8) 
Losl Silver pocket size Gralg Cassette 
r corder. Wed 4116 USB 3020· 

R~ ... .-j E3" 6, ,. 'S3·22gli, (6/8) 

FOUND young. affectlonale black 
female dog near USB a few weeks 8g0 
Pis calf 270·1977 (6/5) 

LOST and needed desparalely. one 
peor gold rommed. photo· ray glasses 
RX Cail Loroe Sweelparts al 453· 9161 
Atter 4 00 PM (6/5) 

Losl Parakeot around Coasl Billd In 
DM While wl blue belly Answers 10 
Pecke' 755·7192 (6/S) 

LOST May 25 In USB 2722. IUver 
CROSS pen w/black Ink. engraved 

P,,~I •. call ~53 -0593 Reward S t (8/5) 

Found.. mall calICO kin n wltan 
paws. near POSI OfhcI under Argo 
Hall Contact Mike Smlltl. 453·351 9 
( 15) 

Page 12 Tri on Times Tuesday, June 5, 1973 

SEMINAR on the Parap-
sychological and 
Ph il osoph ical Foufoun -
datlons of the Belief In post-
mortem exis tence to be 
offered by UCSD 0 octoral 
candidate for information 
write to Theta 604 Palomar, 
La Jolla, Ca. (6/5) 
Friday, June B, B:30 p.m. 
409 MC, 20th Century Music 
UCSD faculty & advanced 
students. (6/B) 
Saturday, June 9, 9 p.m. 409 
MC , MODERN JAZZ 
CONCERT. Diane Galas and 
special guests: Bobby Brad-
ford of John Carterl Bobby 
Bradford Quintet & Joe 
Morillo of STREAM. (6/5) 

"SOCCER" 
Coed soccer practice and 
game every Mon. and Fri. at 
12:15 on the soccer field 
west of the gym. If you are 
inte rested in summer 
recreational soccer please 
send your name and address 
to Mike Elcan, Physics Dept. 
An Intramural league may be 
formed for the summer. (6/B) 
SUMMER INSURANCE IS 
NOW AVAILABLE. Now is 
the time to buy sickness and 
accident insurance for the 
summer quarter . Your 
automatic Student Health In-
surance ends on June 17, 
1973. You can have con-
tinuous coverage until the 
fall , however. by buying 
summer i nsurance . 
Coverage is worldw ide , 
whether you are on or off 
campus. Applications are 
ava il able at the Student 

LOST: Tennis rackel in beck seat of 
IIghl-COlored VolVo while hllCh·hlklng 
10 D .M . las I Wed . Dave (leave 
message) 755·6151 (6/8) 

Found ' One pair mens black glov 
Idenl and we'lI return them Call 4S3· 
2917. Revelle. (6/5) 

Lost Crawiord High School nng 
IMl8ls EJG Calf Mike. 276·7315 
Reward. (6IS) 

perlonall 
Wheeler. we know what you are but we 
still love you desplle 11. Friends (6/8) 

hou.lng 
Need fem rmmale from June 16. Own 
room. 5571mo Ulil paid Helen 273· 
8367 (6/8) 

WANTED' 2 males to share Itlree 
females for summer: 60 buCks. George 
453·3519 (6/8) 

Waled: Rmt. lor 3 bedroom hae lor 
approx 6/ 17·8/ 17. $78 By beach. 
2043 Edinburg. Cardiff. (6 /8) 

Looking for a 2·bdrm Mesa apt for the 
summer. Call Chris or Kathy 272·5271 
(6/8) 

UCSD grad student couple want to 
share a house WII several others 
slarting June 14. 453,1387 or 3973 
(6/8) 

3 people needed 10 share fine Dal Mar 
house for next year $80 rna 755·2044 
evenings (6/8 ) 

Need group of 4·5 10 live In spacious 
apt for summer Near UCSD $325 
Ann 453·647S. (5/8) 

Wanted : House or apl. near coast lor 2 
guys Will rent. sublet or carelake. Ben 
453·9247 (6/8) 

tlouse for rent. 9173·7174. $83 33 per 
month 3 bdrm. 2 balh In Un", C.ly. 
~53·6197 (6/8) 

Wanted responSible F to sharalarge 3 
bedroom house Solana Beach w/t-NO 
M • no kids. pets· $IOO/m 755·2985 
(6/5) 

Rmmat8 wanled I?rfall Quarter. famal • • 
vegetarian. dead Ireak. call L YD 453· 
6976 or '53· 4339 (6 /5) 

I or 2 mellOw roornmeles (m or fem .) 
needed 10 shere 3·bedroom house In 
Solana Beach with m europ grad· 
lIud nl for June. July or long9< Old 
houte wllh almotlphere. compl lur 
nlshed. large backyard wlih trees. 
grea place 10 live $8Olbed room Call 
755· 7709 (6/5) 

FOR RENT La Jolla Shoret Ap 3 
BDRM 2 balh. lar , LR. balcony. 
close to UC Ind belch Call 2720779 
(6/8) 

Health Center and the 
premium is only $19.00 for 
the entire s~mmer quarter. 
(6/5) 

The U.C.S.D. chapter of 
Alpha Ph i Omega is no 
longer In operation. Persons 
who have a book exchange 
account with Alpha Phi 
Omega are urged to contact 
M. Pates at P.O. Box 4497, 
la Jolla, Calif. 92037 to 
arrange settlement. (6/5) 

To all off-campus residents: 
students, faculty, staff. The 
Coast Cruiser Is conducting 
a survey concerning 
scheduling and route infor-
mation for expansion of the 
bus service. Short question-
naires will be distributed 
around campus. We urge 
you to participate in this sur-
vey. (6/5) 

ADVANCE PAYMENTS TO 
VETERANS : All student 
veterans and federal 
veteran's dependents who 
plan to continue their educa-
tion at UCSD for the 1973-74 
school year, should contact 
Linda Perlin in the Special 
Serv i ces Off i ce, 250 
Matthews Campus, as soon 
as possible so that ap-
propriate enrollment cer-
tifications can be submitted 
to the Veterans Administra-
tion. If this is done in a timely 
fash ion, the student will be 
enabled to receive 
educat ional ass istance 
benefits before the start of 
the Fall Quarter 1973. (6/B) 

Wanled (needed) a room or garage 10 
store books. clothing. me. Irom June to 
early September. OUSI a storage space 
would be fine) WIll pay. Calf Jeff 755· 
7588. (6/5) 
Avail. 611 2BD. 2BA. Condo. Pool. 
carpelS. Drapes. Refrig.. $ 195/rna 
453·0856 (6/5) 

We desperalely need one or two glfls 
to share 2bdr 2 belh apt. In PI. Loma 
Call Chns 453·8361 (615) 

Wanted: Rmmate for Lg 2·Bdr. ApI. In 
P.B $7250/mo avail. 6117173 or so. 
call Bnan ellell. 270·1283 (6/5) 

Mal8 student '1(;£ S own room for 
summer In NOrth Counly Pat 755·6252 
(6/5) 

SABBATICAL IN THE U.K. Cantral 
London - Kensington. Furnished 
apartment. I bedroom. study. big lIVing 
room. k itchen . bathroom and 
cloakroom Modern and sunny. 
Underfloor central heabng. Garage. III\, 
porterage $395 a month. Available 
from Oclober 1 for 9 monlhs. dales 
fleXible Please ring: 415·321·4222 or 
wrlle. M_ Sullivan. 672 Foothill Road , 
Stanford. Cal 94305 (6/5) 

House for renl 6/20 • 9/20 4·bdrm In 
Clrmnt 5300 Imlh nego~able Dave 
453·8861 (6/5) 

Wanted' summer hOUSing for 2 or 2 
people Pref LJ area. 454--7041 (6/5) 

Have room for 3 or 4 people In house 
In Clrmnl. 5300 mth lotal. Dave 453· 
8861 (6/S) 

Wanled. Rmle. for La Jolla Vlg apt . lor 
summer $75/mo. & unl. Frank al 453· 
8836 (6/8) 

Girl looking for room male and apl. 
Male or female. call Kalhy 272-4252 (8 
a.m. or a~er 6 p.m.) ASAP. (6/8) 
Furnished house In NOl'1h Park (37th 
near University) Three bedroom. one 
baltl. single car garage. Ramon 469· 
5692 s«er 7 p.m . (6/8) 

travel 
Summer Language Program Abroad 
has available 13 sea on Charter 
Flight-L.A.lLondon. LondonlL A • 
June 24 -September I Contact 
Llngulsllcs Depl exl 1855 $295 RT 
(615) 

10th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE. from $249 round·trlp 
JAPAN from 5359 round ·trlp. LA. 
NY 6/17 one·way. $96 
Call Fllghl ChaIrman. 583- 1297. 4246 
Overland Ave . Dept A. Culver CIIy 
90230 (6/6) 

for 18le 
Giveaway' apere peril for Honda 160 
For Mle 1" x 12' green lhag cerpel 
454 ·2748. Carolyn or Roberto (6/8) 

GERMAN DINNER 7 :00 
P.M. Friday, June Bth, Inter-
national Center, Matthews 
Campus "BRATWURST MIT 
BIER", Everyone welcome. 
Please make your reser -
vations early by calling Ext. 
1941 LIMIT IS 75 SEATS 

$2 PER PERSON . 
BRING YOUR 

LEDERHOSEN!!!II 

SUBJECT A EXAM : The 
Proficiency exam for Subject 
A will be given June B 
any1lme from 1 to 9 p.m. In 
the H-l, Rm. 1449. It con-
sists of writing one 500-750-
word essay related to a piece 
of reading that will be 
handed out at the exam. 
Students can bring a hand-
book and a d ictionary, and 
they should allow themselves 

three hours for reading . 
writing . and re - writlng . 
Anybody who stili has "Sub;. 
A Reqd" on his transcript 
should come and take it. 

Graduating students or 
students not planning to 
return to UCSD for the fall 
1973 quarter beginn ing 
September 17. 1973. and 
who have outstanding 
NDEA : INDSl, Educational 
Fee Deferment, Health 
Professions, Regents' or 
other type loans. should con-
tact the Loan Collection Of-
fice. 204 MC, regarding an 
exit Interview. Deferment flf 
payments and partial 
cancellation of loans may be 
available to you . Find out by 
calling Jane Fitzgerald or Flo 
Rogers. extension 2616. for 
your exit interview appoint-
ment. 

FREE FREE EE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE 

FREE F 
FREE 

F 
FREE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FR 
EE FREE 
FREE FR 
EE FREE 

that's how much the 
classified ads in the 
Triton Times cost to 

EE FREE 
FREE F 

EE FREE 
UCSD students FREE F 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE F 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE 
EE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE FREE 
E F FREE 

For Sale: Alfa Romeo 1300 '56 Runs 
auper. Call Ramon eve. a~er 7 p.m. 
469·5692. (6/8) 

FORD STATION 1965. Good condi· 
tion. aulO .• rebuilt trans .. wanls $600. 
453·9272. (6/8) 

'67 DATSUN Station Wagon Excellenl 
transporlatlon '88·6498. (6/8) 
Need a big refr igeralor? Old bul 
reliable 20 cu. It. Fng. $20 or 3 cases 
of beer. 4S3·6902. 4SO Melear. (6/8) 

Ford Falcon 1968 for sale. Super low 
gaa mlfeege. Dana: 453-7746 )ale 
night or early morning. 5525.00. (8/8 ) 

'64 FORD FALCON. excellent condl· 
tion $200 or best offer Call Elaine 755· 
4643. (8/8 ) 

Free Half Siamese Kitten • . They love 
dogs. Call 755· 7724 a«er 5 p.m. (6/8) 

'klng size mattress. good condition. 
recenlly slerilized Price negobable. 
454· 2475. (6/8) 

Sleeping beg. COleman. Insulated 3 
Ibs. Dacron 88 33x77. 517. Folding 
camp col. $7.SO. 453· 7210. (6/8) 

TYPEWRITER: Smllh Cornona Por· 
table. 525.00. 453·3124. (6/8 ) 

BIKE RACK for car: never used. 58.50. 
453·3124. (6/8) 

10·gear Raleigh Record. new ~re • • 
good condrtion. 520. Robert 755·4209 
or 459·5707 (6/8) 

MUST SELL! 6S Ford . 6. StiCk. Xlnt 
over 20 ml/ga. smooth. qulel. clean. 
good looking . ext. 1828 or 279·9811 
a« r 6pm (6/5) 

Need Transportation? '60 Pontiac Ven· 
lur • • runl we'l $ 1 00 or best offer. 453· 
7866 (8/5) 

LOVing affectionale kitten. pur~1 alol. 
Free to good person Call 276·8336 
aher 5 p.m or UCSD campua X 2724 
and leave message for Larry (6/5) 

SONY 2SO stereo reel to reel tape 
dock. Immaculale cond LlSI 5 t 50. sell 
590 453· 1068. (615) 

1970 Yamaha 250 enduro·1ow miles 
xlnt condo never dirt ridden. call 459-
8397 - Larry (6/5) 

FOR SALE' extra· long dbl bed met· 
treSI 520. chair $3-pls c.1I 270-1977 
(6/5) 
Regrlgera lor wlfreezar performa 
tlawlllSsfy Available Juno IS 525. 755· 
0591 (615) 

FOR SALE: 1969 VW lutom tIC. radio 
and healer. good condition. 5900. 
755·6425 (6/5) 

I 9 Honda 160 cc Has extra anglne 
$160 453 -2451 . eve. (6/8) 

1966 VW "1600" aedan Good condl· 
tion. runa well 5500 or bast olfer 
Phone 453 7898 (6/5) 

GlrI's wet suIt. 3/16" jacket and panls. 
Fits 5'6" 120 Ibs. $30. 755-4997 Eves. 
(615) 
TRIU MPH 1960 TR·3 5490 Im-
maculale Inlerior; Inquire al Argo 482 ( 
no phone) - Steve (615) 
1970 FIAT 8SO Spyde<. Fog lights. 
Michelin radials. xfnt. condo 35+ mpg. 
$1195. 453·9656 (6/5) 
Sl Bernard Puppy • no papers. Will 
sell cheap. Call after 5. LInda 222-
4127 (6 /5) 

'68 VW Bug; $800 or beal oHe<. Must 
sell aeon; engine good con·d. 453. 
.909 .~er 7 p.m. (618) 

Five Fuzzy Felines need good homes 
- SIX weeks old. Call 224·1647 a~er 6 
p.m (8/8) 

BUILDING SPACE for renl In Solana 
Beach on 101 . frt .. prl. back IS 
cloisonne studIO; call MoHy at 755· 
0025. (8/5) 

Corem CIBsalcal guitar: 5250 or besl 
offer will be considered. Bob'53.842O 
(615) 
AH Sprite 60. nol running Mich. ~res . 
best oHar. 755·8234: or EXT 1813 
dieter (6/5) 

'67 Ford 10 pass. wagon. $475. Mch. 
V8. radIO. overhead rack. 453·5817 
Dann or 465·6000. (6/5) 
Karate GI for sale. Almost new. FI18 
anyone 5'7 to 5'11" 515 Call Bob. 454-
22'0 (6/5) 
SCUBA eqpt MK I reg .• tank. seavue. 
ltle whole ng_ Pnme condition. Berry. 
272·3939 (6/5) 
Aquarluml for sale; also. free tropical 
fish. Call Dave at 27'·6714. (615) 
LOClro Voice apeakers In beautrtuf 
homemade cabinets 550 ea or bast 
offer call 453·5269 (615) 
1960 corvalr. Runs. S50. 755·4997 
Eves. (8/5) 

'65 Ford custom. 6 cyl. slandard 
Iransm. good runnIng cond~ion. best 
ofter 755·7194. (8/8) 

Mandl. Special 10 Speed. all Campi. 
Unlv alpull brakes. 5325 John at 453· 
1217 Argo 356. (6/8) 
FOR SA LE: Six Inch rellecling 
lelescope- perfec1 condltion- Call 
Don 563·0762 (615) 

HELPI LeaVing U.C.S D. and can~ take 
dog wilh UI Friendly 1 yr. old Shep· 
collie needs good horne. PLEASE call 
453·8531 . _nlngs. (6/5) 

For Sale: Five cubic loot r.fridgerator 
One yell< 010. cherry condrtion. On 
campu • • call Steve It 453·066A $55 
(6/5) 

3 smell Oriental ruga. reesonlbie Call 
296·3129 (6/5) 

Hellhklt 61erlO Tuner 550 or basi oller 
call 453 ·5269 (615) 


