
Volume 19, Number 13 University of California, San Diego 

Rarely does a motion picture bring to the screen all the 
emotion and drama and great music you've been waiting for. 

Direct from its secret White House engagement. 
Richard Nixon presents: 

THE WATERGATE TAP 
(or,:· when it leaks it pours) 

~: tf\ -.. 
I ) ~ " i 

"A chilling real 
life drama" -Cronkite 

"Helps us to be 
compassionate" -Kissinger 

"Responsibility lies at 
the top" -Checkers 

·THE WATERGATE TAP 
( or: when it leaks it pours) 

Caste • Alchard Nixon • H.R. Haldeman • John Ehrllchmann • John 
Dean • E. Howard Hunt • Gordon Liddy • Maurice Stan. • Bob SergreHI 
• L. Patrick Gray • Martha Mitchell • Jame. McCord • Jack Anderaon • 
B.be Rebozo a. Aebozo the Clown • Spiro Agnew ·John Mitchell • Dick 
°Klelndlen.t • John Conall, • Cuban Exll .. • 210 million cake eating 
....... Produced and Directed by Richard Nixon • Music by The Miami 
Blue. Project • LyriCS by Executive Privilege • Edited by Aon Ziegler 
Hear Frank "Deep Throat" Sinatra sing Brldg. Ov.r Troubled W.t .... and Str.nger. In 
.... Night on PYRO Records, a subsidiary of Congressional Records. 

Original Sountrack available on PYRO Records 

SEE: Maurice Stans Proclaimed Knave of Elephants • Ron Ziegler Inoperative for 8 months • 
L. Patrick Gray go out Into the cold· John Conally Rather Switch than Fight· A Nation 
Deceived • Richard Nixon Get Away With it. • 

NOW PLAYING AT GRAND JURIES AND 
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS EVERYWHEREI 

CAPITOL TWIN - W • ..,lngton ORAND JUREE - Miami 
EXECUTIVE - W • ..,lngton COURTHOUSE - LOl Angeln 

.TrllOn TIm .. 1.73 

Tuesday, May 15, 1973 



O8Jll0nstrators Picket Federal Building in Support of Wounded Knee 

Third College 

T1.0· ... 1 
A march and picket line, in support of Wounded Knee, Assembled at Horton P~aza .a t 

noon May 11. The demonstration was organized by the Wounded Knee Solidarity 
Action Circle. .. d 

The group, which assembled at Horton Plaza, marched to the Federal BUilding, an 
then set up a picket line there. 

Their demands were as follows : 
1) RELEASE ALL POLITICAL PRISONE~S FR0M WOUNDED KNEE, DROP ALL 

CHARGES: NO REPRISALS 
2) SELF-DETERMINATION AND NATIONAL SOVEREIGNTY FOR THE OGLALA 
SI~~eXpicket line circled around the sidewalk in front of the Federal Building for ~,hour, . 
while chanting "No arrests, No reprisals", "1,2,3, U.S. out of Wounded Knee , and 
"Free the political prisoners".. . 

After a short interim, Roy Lati n and Alurlsta, a poet. gave speeches over the vOices of 
the chanting crowd. . .. d 

Addressing the crowd, Latin said, "If the only c~,!cept tha~ eXists Wlt~1n your hea 
concerning Wounded Knee is that a group of M!h~ant !ndlans o~,cupled Wounded 
Knee; then you have just swallowed another administrative game. . 

Latin continued to say that Wounded Knee was an act ion of an old thought, a rehef, 
and a step. An action of old Indians :e~embering a .time before U.~. Government 
Control. It was relief because it was relieVing many Indians, who were tlr~d of the U.S. 
control. And it was a ste'p to a more sensible future for those same Indians. 

"By supporting the Oglala Sioux Nation, you have taken a step t~~ards a more s~ ne 
life for all on Mother Earth; which is a must if we are all to sur~lve, conclu?ed ~atln. 

Mexican-Indian poet, Alurista, spoke about the k~nd c:>f pollution that ~,"e flnd~ In the 
U.S. Government of today. He also expressed a kinship that the MeXican-Indian has 
with all the other Indians of North America. ., . . 

Alurista concluded by saying, "Wounded Knee is not a nation that IS dead; It still lI~es . 
We must understand their plight, because that is. t~e path tha.t we h~ve to walk: 

R. C. Benfatti, an armed guard of the Federal Building, gave hiS reactlo~ t~ the p~c~et 
line as "No reaction at all, it's their prerogative." Yet the flippancy of the Joking offlcl~ls 
in the Federal Building can be explained, because 3 pol.ic~ cars and 4 motorcycle units 
were stationed around the corner from the Federal BUilding. . 

The majority of the picketers, some of whom. we.re hal! or f.ull ~Iooded Indians, 
credited their presence to the Wounded Knee Solidarity Action Circle s e!for~, thro~gh 
mass-media, to make people aware of the crisis. The Wounded Kn~e solidarity Action 
Circle is an organization composed of people from all walks of life. . 

To plan further support for Wounded Knee, the Circle.is holding a l)1.eeti~g tonight at 
7:30 pm in Room B & G of the Aztec Cellter at San Diego State University. 

Building Funds Threatened New Fa~e for College Elections Rick Drom 
There will be alot of publicity (in the 

TRITON TIMES, by word-of-mouth, and 
by leaflets) for the meeting to get all 
interested students to attend. Together 
these students will decide Muir 's 
representatives to the Muir Council, the 
Undergraduate Student Council and all 
other student com mittees on campus. 

Greg Hicks 
The construction of Third College and 

the growth of UCSD has been seriously 
endangered by the Senate Finance 
Committee's refusal to appropriate 
funds for new buildings on the UCSD 
campus. In a meeting last Thursday the 
committee eliminated from the state 
budget an allocation of $6.3 million for 
the construction of permanent Third 
College facilities. 

The primary reason for this was the 
existence of 4,000 vacancies at other 
colleges in the UC system (primarily 
Riverside and Santa Barbara). The idea is 
to divert students from campuses such as 
UCSD to the underpopulated colleges in 
the system. The Los Angeles Times 
quoted Jerry Conklin, a member of 
Legislati'!e Analyst Alan Post's staff, as 
saying" N think there will be an enroll-
ment df cline in the 1980's and we'll be 
sitting :here with a lot of unfilled 
buildinfs." 

According to Chancellor MacElroy the 
new ccnstruct:on '.vollin not involve 
overbui ding. He said that there are 
already 550 students enrolled at Third 
College \fhich is not far below capacity. 
Vice-Charicellor Paul Saltman stated that 
in the next seven or eight years 14,000 
more s' u(Jents will enroll in the U.c. 
system. "We can't," he said, "wait until 
the problem increases to a critical level 
and then start building. This will not 
provide for the students who are not 
able to enter the UC system for lack of 
space." 

Saltman also pointed out that UCSD 
has not "achieved a balanced 
educational program;" it is lacking, he 
said, in such areas u arts, social sciences, 
and humanities. He also mentioned that 

Page 2 Triton Times'Tu 

Third College offers programs which 
can't be gotten at Santa Barbara or 
Riverside. Chancellor MacElroy 
reiterated this point; according to 
MacElroy "we have unique programs" 
in Third and Fourth Colleges, and for 
this reason funding is essential. 

The refusal of funds for Third College 
would not only affect that college but 
students in the other colleges at UCSD. 
Without more students, he said, ad-
ditional resources and faculty will not be 
allocated for UCSD; growth in many 
areas, including drama, arts, and social 
sciences, will be prevented. 

Are there any reasons, besides the 
vacancies mentioned by the Legislat ive 
Analyst, for the Senate committee's ac-
tions? According to MacElroy, "a 
minority of legislators are concerned 
with the early philosophy of Third 
College." Sallman mentioned the con-
cern of some legislators over the $42 
million Senate Assembly office bu ilding; 
they are in his view, anxious to conserve 
funds for this purpose. 

he decision of the Senate committee 
does not represent the final word on the 
matter. The Assembly Ways and Means 
committee has yet to take action on the 
proposal. If the appropriation for Third 
College is accepted, the final decision 
will be made by a joint meeting of the 
Senate and Assembly. Saltman stated 
that "every means at our disposal" will 
be utilized to get the appropriation 
accepted. " We will try to illustrate," he 
said, "the rational imperative of building 
these facilities." 

A cOillltion of Muir, Third, ilnd Re,eIIe 
coIlqe .Iudenh hill plilnned il Cilmpu'-
wide meetlnl to dlKulI the Senate com-
mittee'. ilctlon. Ind to on a melns 

Both Revelle and Muir are substantial-
ly changing their college government 
elections this year to get more student 
participation. 

Revelle has hired an election com-
missioner to "professionally run" the 
election and Muir plans to cancel its 
elections. Instead Muir will hold a " town 
council" meeting to decide committee 
appointments. 

Th ird College, as of this writing, has 
not yet decided upon a method of 
student government for next year. 

The need for a different way to elect 
student representatives became clear 
last Spring. Only about eight percent of 
Muir students voted in that college's 
student elections. At Revelle, elections 
were not even held because only eight 
students applied for the eight positions 
open. 

"ElectioF1s have been farcical," accor-
ding to Jim Beckley, dean at Muir 
College. " They have amounted to little 
more than popularity contests," he said. 

On May 22 the Muir Student Council 
will vote on a motion to amend the Muir 
Constitution. This measure would 
abolish the clause that requires yearly 
elections of council members and 
replace it with a "town counciL" 

All interested Muir students will meet 
together and mutually agree upon 
representatives. The meeting is planned 
for May 24 at 7 p.m. in the Muir North 
Dining Room. 

for effectlwely ,mdnl support of con-
.tructlon .lIoc.tlom. The meetlnl will 
be held In the Third CoIlqe cafetem II 
7:10 p.m. All .tuden .. Ire ursed to 
IHend. 

The Revelle Committee on College 
Affairs, Revelle's student government, 
also felt that past elections were not 
effective. Few people applied and when 
elections were held, very few students 
voted. 

After some debate, the RCCA voted to 
hire an election commissioner, M ike 
Greene to run the election. Greene, 
who ha~ had much experience in adver-
tising, will have a budget of $550. 

To encourage candidates to apply for 
the committee, Greene plans an exten-
sive advertising campaig" in the TRITON 
TIMES as well as posters around campus. 
Greene's ads urge students of all 
political viewpoints to run for a seat on 
the committee. 

Applications for RCCA can be picked 
up in the Revelle Provost office or from 
Greene at the TRITON TIME!! office. 
These must be filled out (along with a 
petition to run, signed by 25 students) 
and returned by May 16 to the Provost 
office. 

More advertising is planned in .the 
remaining days before the election. 
Polling for the candidates will be on May 
22, 23, and 24 on the Revelle Plaza. 
Greene hopes that from 30 to "CWI of the 
students at Revelle will vote. 

I 

As the A. S. Turns: The Other Seven Campuses 

1I111 Scudder 
Student government at other UC cam-

puses has not followed the action taken 
at UCSD I ast year, when the Associated 
Student Government was abolished in a 
referendum. A survey of student 
governments on UC campuses revealed 
the following : 

BERKELEY: The Associated Student 
Government at Berkeley is very active in 
the campus and in the community with 
involvement in the Berkeley City Coun-
cil. . 

An issue of current importance is an 
attempt by some student groups (eg., 
the Young Republicans) to take the 
decision of the spending of student 
vo luntary funds out of the control of 
student government. The groups claim 
that the Associated Students is too much 
involved in political issues. Their attempt 
has failed in two previous elections and 

a representative of the stu dent govern-
ment expressed the hope that it will be 
soundly defeated again . 

Student participation in government is 
characterized as "good", with roughly 
one-seventh (4,000 out of 28,000) of the 
eligible students voting. The candidates 
for student office genera ll y belong to a 
party and run on slates. The party will 
spend fromm $1,000 to $1 ,500 on a slate 

. in onl' election . 

The Berkeley student government 
funds organizations ranging from an 

. Educational Liberation Front, Ski Club, a 
day care center, Student Union, voter 
registration , clubs and student 
organizations & a radio station.) The 
government is trying to gain imput into 
decisions about the use of registration 
fees and into academic committees. 
Communication with school administra-
tion is characterized as "very good". 

DAVIS: One of the most controversial 
issues at Davis has revolved around the 
school band, all-male and funded by the 
student government. A woman sued the 
band, and the government cut off funds. 
A recent referendum in an election 
resulted in a vote of 1,969 to 818 to retain 
an all-male band (with about three-
tenths of those eligible voting.) 

Aside from not funding the band, the 
Davis student government has received 
"no formal complaints" according to a 
government spokesman. The president 
of the Associated Students said that the 
emphasis is on "process instead of 
issues, which tend to be tentative." The 
government is trying to gain imput in 
the process of selection of students to 
committees and imput into academic 
planning. 

IRVINE: Irvine student government 
receives "very little support on 
programs" from student, according to 
the government president. "Students 
want more services, but don't turn out 
to support them," he said . Though there 
has been talk of a move to abc!ish the 
Associated Studen ts, it has been "only 
talk", with no definite steps taken. 

A recent issue has been the inclusion 
of graduate students in the Associated 
Students. Graduate students at Irvine 
want to form a government of their own, 
and control their fees. The medical 
school has achieved a separate govern-
ment. 

Irvine has just had an election and is 
working on a budget, which promises 
"nothing new." The president said that 
the government is trying "to get out of 
strictly programming," giving this area 
to the Student Council. The president 
broadly described the students as being 
" apathetic" to student ~overnment. 

LOS ANGELES: The L.A. campus 
recently had an election. A referendum 
to abolish the student government failed 
with 82.2% of the students voting (which 
was one-sixth of those eligible) to main-
tain the government. 

The government is involved in com-
munity service, tutoring, a carpool 
system, a speakers program, a "help-
line," and many other services. Com-
munication with both students and ad-
ministration is said to be good. 

RIVERSIDE : The Riverside campus is 
currently involved in an el ction, in 
which the voting turn-out was described 
as "not high," due to "apathy." 

A questionnaire was mailed, as were 
ballots, asking student opinion on 
changes needed on campus or in the 
community. Still, a representative said 
that the student government "com-
municates more w ith the Ad -
ministration" than with the students, 
who are generally " apathetic to student 
government, participating more in other 
orga nizations." 

The Associated Students sponsor a 
film society, Black Student Union, 
MECHA, and many clubs and student 
organizations. It was cha racterized as a 
"s mall group involved in ad-
ministration." 

SANTA BARBARA : Thirty-five percent 
of the eligible voters on the Santa Bar-
bara campus turned out for elections. It 

was stated that a "good number (of 
students) are active" and that there are 
many " diverse ways to interact with the 
government. " 

Never-the-Iess, a "Clean Air 
Initiative" (implementing a bUSing ser-
vice) was defeated because not enough 
people were voting. A representative 
said that students are not heavily in-
volved, " do not care" about student 
government. 

The Santa Barbara st udent govern-
ment has community projects for \enior 
citizens, tutoring, and camp programs. 
On campus, the government is trying to 
gain imput into the use of registration 
fees, teacher evaluation, the campus 
catalogue, and the Academic Senate. 

SANTA CRUZ: The campus has never 
had an Associated Studenl Government. 

Udall Speaks R,:Envlronment Modification .of 
HI.llb COMI ~~~~ete~ei~! fie~siCt~~~ Revelle ReqUirements 

On Tuesday May B, the 
Mandevi ll e foundation though we have large cos l 
sponsored a lecture by reserves left this will only 
Stewa rt Udall, former last the U.S. about another 
Secretary of the Interior, 150 years and will not only 
addressed a cro wd of make such energy more 
about one hundred and expensive but will be a very 
fifty on "environment and high pollutant. 
the re-making of As Udall sees it, the only 
tomorrow." at the Casa del answer to the energy crisis 
Prado in Balboa Park. is the capruring of new 
/Jda ll, who served as sources of enery such as 
5 solar energy to run 
ecretary of the Inter;ior machines and heat homes. 

from 1960- 1969 und e r 
p. However, thi,s is not the 
residents Kennedy and ultimate answer which is lohr)~on, stressed the point 

thai "/he earth is finite" UUlI ...... cmd If 150.1 CUI .. PrI... ,...10: Klhn '::c~nse":v~~.t en~~:/ 'I to 
and that the "E nergy " joyride is over." Udall pOinted out that a 

Udall feels that the era of peaked two and a half the oil problem is getting new motivating factor in 
the industrial revolution is years ago and " has been away from the concept reorde;;ng priorities and 
ending because with his going down steadily ever "one automobile to every growth is the shift in the 
generation it has reached since." Udall pointed out driver." He believes that a growth of population. He 
its peak. It is now time to that though oil production move towards legislation pointed to the fact that 
slow down and re-direct had been decreaSing for greater mass transit and young people have set a 

. d steadi ly there has been a restrictions on the size of "new trend in population 
energ'es in or er to get f I f pol,'cy" wh,'ch ,'s the two awa f 'd ' usage increase 0 oi 0 6-7 car engines in necessary 

y ro m cons, ertng per cent yearly. and within the next 5-6 child or Ie s family. He 
progress as just ecomomic h h believes that that this is growth but rather to view To t ose w 0 look to the years will become man-

oil reserves of Alaska as a datory. " the mo t profound 
progress as an improve- I f h d h h human revo/ut,'on of the m t f 1'( d h sa vat ion or t e U.S. nee In order to cope wit t e 

en 0 ,e an to c ange f I d II d d d f 20th century " and that Our expectations and life 0 oi U a says stu ie incr asing eman or 
styles in order to pursue have indicated that an electric power Udall think soon we will be ap-
t h ' Alaskan pipeline four feet that the U.S. will have ro proaching a table popu/a-

,s new concept of tion like that of West Ger-progr ss. wid would only help begin to look for "bigger 
Udall pointed to many satisfy one eigth of oil and better" ways of 

sign that showed a change need . As for the Canadian generating uch pow r 
,n our expectations i s oil re erve~, Udall fe Is po ibly through the u e of 
n c 5Sary with the mo t Canada may decide to nuclear reactor . He said 
importa nt b in8 the ke p tho e for her If. we will a/o have to get 
current energy cd i . H Udall stressed the point a way (r 0 m b u if din g 
feels that by Augu t of this that if oil demands con- ky craper that demand a 
year the fir t major oil tinue at their current rate much electric power a 
shortage will be felt and in the U.S, that by th nd om mall towm do, 
'dti ning will b neces ary. of the d cade the U.S. will Another face l of the 

The oil hortages have b (or ed to import om that Udall 
o cured becau e oil 5-6 per cent of it oil. that our 
production in the U.S. To Udall, th olution to are 

many. 
To Udall rhe new trend 

in population growth 
mean (hat a lower 
growth-nogrowth policy 
will hav to b adopt d. 
igns of this have slready 

b 11 een in Or gon and 
Hawaii. However, uch 
thinking ha not hit an 
Diego yet but h feel it 
will within th n xl (ift 'I 

~'RtllI.1d .. '"' 21 

Rick Drom 
Revelle's undergraduate requirements, regarded by 

some as rigid and uncompromising, may be modified 
for next Fall . 

The basic " core program" and graduation re-
quirements were set up almost a decade ago. Many 
believe that they should be seriously re-evaluated and 
possibly modified. 

This week the Revelle faculty will return ballots to 
decide four modifications; in Humanities, in the 
language requirement, the social science requirement 
and the non-contiguous minor. 

Hazel Alksnis, academic counselor at Revelle, said 
that she is sending out ballots to each Revelle faculty 
member. They will vote upon modification of these 
four requirements. If they pass it will definitely "effect 
the core of Revelle's curriculum." 

These proposed modifications were suggested at a 
Faculty meeting on May 2. They represent only the first 
phase of a general change in the direction of Revelle 's 
curriculum. 

Because these are only proposed changed, Alksins 
emphasized that "no student can or should plan his Fall 
schedule based on these proposals. These are only 
suggestions and none of them may actually be im-
plemented ." 

Perhaps the most extensive change will be in the 
present Humanities requirement. Currently all students 
must take a six-quarter sequence in the Humanities and 
one Fine Arts class. Because so many undergraduates 
are enrolled in it, many complain of crowded classes 
taught by a professor who w(tuld rather b doing 
something else. 

Revelle's Faculty will d cide w'lether to change thi 
situation and give stud nt fOU l ways to sati fy thi 
requirement. The first would be:>r ent way. 

The second choice, according to the proposal, would 
b " a thr c qua rt r quen('p in Hi~ ""!' I il""" ore ..... 
Philo ophy ( mu t be taken in one department) plu 
four quarters in any of th contributing departm nt 
other than the depar1ment of the primary sequenu; -
with th r triction that at I a t on quarter mu t be 
Drama, Music or Vi ual Art ." 

A third hoi would be one year of the pr sent 
quen and 40th r cour in th Humaniti or Fine 

Arts; with at lea t one bing in Fine Arts. 
CIIIlI. In pI,1 21 

Page 3 Tu sday, May 15, 1973 Triton Times 



SELF, Inc. 
Tim O'Neil 

The Student Educational lo~n Fund, Incorporated is 
a company which deals in fast student loans- about 10 
working days. The company offers 6 pl~ns to chose 
from and also 3 different installment plans. (see the 
Chart) . I 

Everything sound fine? Well start looking c oser. 
There is a lot more coming with this deal than you 
expected. '11 I ' 

Upon further questioning, the company WI e~p aln 
to you the procedures of this fast loan. After you fill out 
the application, the company sends it to THEIR bank. IT 
THEN GOES THROUGH THE SAME CHAN~ElS AS 
ANY OTHER LOAN. No special guarantees; In oth~r 
words if your credit is not good enough to get a I?an In anoth~r bank, then you might just not get this one 
either. h b k '11 h If you are lucky and get the loan, t e an WI . t en 
deposit the money d irectly into a tr~st fu nd. In the 
name of the company. The company will then dispense 
the money to you according to the plan you chose. 

After all that you begin your payments. Then you 
notice somethi~g that the Truth in lendin~ L~w tells 
you. You are paying a total of 15.61 to 15.71 '10 Interest 
on your loan. That is what ~he APR on the Chart stands 
for. . $60 h h Sounds steep? Well , it's the .t at t e company 
tacks on as a service charge, the Interests frem the 
bank, plus any charges the bank makes on the com-
pa ny for its services. 

In the end, when you add the financial charge~ to the 
loan amount you will notice that you have paid a lot 
for this fast Io'an. Actually you have paid anywhe.re fro.m 
1/3 to 1/2 of the amount of the loa~ .as the flll~nClal 
charges, plus the amoun~ of the original loan nself-
that's all according to which plan you chose. 

6 Fast Loan Plans 
PLAN A 

S SOO L",",p Sum 

Rl!'paymt'nt in 18 Equal 
Monthlv In.l.Umpnt. ot 
$ 41 ()I) AP R I:; 71.". 

F inancf' Cha r i" SI:') nit 

LI);I." AfT'/} , ... , I r 

PLAN B 
SbOO L um p 5"am 

R~ pa yml"lH In 18 Equa l 
Month ly 'nttallment, of 
5 48 " 0 APR 1'5 7Z, 

Loa!'1 A,.,.oJnl S,. 0 

PLAN C 
S 75 p~ ,. Month 
For A F u ll Yea r 

R~p. ym~nt in 24 Equal 
Mo.,thly Ins tallment. of 
SS4 80 APR IS 1,,, 

Luan Amo",n l SQbO 

·.1----"'.,:...;:..:......;.:....; " , ." ,p .,., __ -+-_-!L:.!:l'!!'.!:.~U!!:"L--_t-':::.:'O::.;;":.:..' T :..:.;1I L:..:Y....:.";;.:'C:..;;;O.;...;M.;;;..E_ 

PLAN D 
$1 00 p .. r M ' n th 
F or A r,,11 Yf'a r 

PLAN E 
, ,,/10 1 "mp 5 1m 
A"d S .. O Pf'r M'll"lh 
r e r A f ... U Yur 

Rl"p • .,.m..r.1 I" jt Eq.,a' 
t M.tt-l.,. Jru .. I1"...ntt of 

S'\I ·H <\PR t .. '1" 

l' nolno ChuR'" S\1.! lCl 

I ~., "'",,0 ani SIV 1) 

IMPROYE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
O. IIAKOW 

PLAN F 
S JOO L.ump Su m 
And S 11; p~ r Mont h 
F r A F til Yu r 

Repayment In )0 Lq u.a l 
M on thl y ' n. tallm ent. ar 
S\ I.4'i APR 1~ ,,'-. 

• InarICI' C har,. s ~ql. 20 

Loan Am o'If'll 'SlloO 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

'~Chabad. 
Weekend" 

" Chabad Weekend" has 
been formally proclaimed 
from May 18 through the 
20, by San Diego Mayor 
Pete Wilson. The official 
resolution, was issued by 
the City of San Diego. 

The resolution com-
mends the staff and sup-
porters of Chabad House-
lubavitch in San Diego, for 
their interest and who feel 
alienated, troubled , 
hungry or in need of a 
sympathetic listener. 

Highl ighting " Cha?a.d 
Weekend" is a hassldlc 
concert on May 20. The 
concert, entitled "A 
Hassidic Happening," will 
feature a variety of enter-
tainment. Dr . Velvel 
Greene, a N.A.S.A. space 
sdentist, will speak on, 
"Why I, A Space Scientist 
Became a Hass id". 

In addition, Yosef 
Brown, the noted Hasidic 
violinist from Russia, and 
Zvi Ben Yisroel, a recent 
Russian emigrant, will be 
featured at the concert. 

Tickets for the concert 
are $2 for students. 

The concert is being held 
at the Dr amati c Arts 
Bu ilding of California State 
University, San Diego. 
Proceeds will benefit the 
sustenance of 
Chabad House as a 
home away from home for 
students. 

For further in'formation, 
contact Pearl Siayen, ticket 
committee he ad, at 
2871842. 

Ne.ws from Sacra~ento 
Meditation Resolution 

A resolution has been introduced in the State Assembly to rut th~ Le,gislrlt.ure on 
record as strongly encouraging the teac~in~ of the science 0 creative Inte Igence, 
commonly known as transcendental meditation. .. d d 

Assembl man Ken Meade (D-Oakland), who is a student of the SCience" Int~~ uce" 
the resoluJon, which will aid in the "development of happr and. productive c~tlzen~ . 
Meade's resolution calls for the legislature to encourage al. pos~lble cOl;>perar'fn ~Ith 
the 23 centers for the teaching of the science of creative intelligence In Ca I ornla. 

Air pollution bill . .. 
Assembl Speaker Bob Moretti announced his s~onsors~lp of a nine-bill p~ckage of 
legislati:n to toughen and accelerate California's a.'r p~.'lutlon c~>nt~ol ~fforts . . w~lrave 
the most critical air pollution problem in the nation, Moretti said. Smog 15 stl our 
number one environmental problem." . II ' t I 

Moretti's principal. measure would create a single basinwide air po utlon con ro 
board for the South Coast Air Basin, which includes Los Angeles, Ventura and O~ange 
counties as well as parts of Riverside, San Bernardino and Santa Barbara counties: 

Moretti is also authoring a measure to stiffen fines against indust~ial pla~ts jhlch 
repeatedly violate air pollution standards. liThe fin~~ ~rese!'tly leVied against arge 
corporate polluters amount to meeagmere 'peanuts, e said. 

Other bills in the anti-smog package are : a constitutional amendment to .allo.w the 
use of gas tax monies for public transit and air pollution control; a m~as~re ~o ~nstltute. a 

ilot motor vehicle inspection program and to require owners to maintain t elr autos In 
row emission condition; and a bill to give the State Air Resources Board control over the 
use of gasoline additives. . fl" 

Also included is a bill to control gasoline vapors emanating rom gas? Ine irvlce 
stations two measures designed to increase public aware aware,ness of ':'lalor po ut~rs, 
and a bill to insure theagthat motor vehicles are properly eqUipped With all pollution 
control devices required under law. 

Rent deposits . . 
legislation to require landlords to pay interest on rent depOSits has been Introduced 

by Assemblyman Alex P. Garcia (D-los Angeles). . . . f 
" I think it is completely unfair that renters must place security depOSits In the form 0 

cleaning deposits, last month's rent, or what have you and n?t ~~celve. at I~dst the same 
interest ra'te that the collector can erceive on these depOSits, Garcia sal . f 

Under the Garcia measure, renters would receive five percent per annum rOm 
landlords renting four or more units. 

Kenneth Rexroth Poetry 
Kenneth Rexroth, the leader of West Coast Poets, and con.sidered ~y han~ to be. t~e 
founder of the San Francisco Poetry Movement, will read hiS poems In t e umamtles 
library Auditorium on Thursday May 17 at 3 p.m. . I f h ' 

Rexroth one of American 's most distinguished poets, IS kno:-vn a S? . or IS translatio~s of Chinese and Japanese poetry, and for his essays ~n poetry, fiction and 
various other projects. His KPFK book reviews were famous for hiS covbl~gh 'df 60~tr~ 
'azz coo medical and entomology books. His poems and essays are pu IS e y .e bir~ctio~s, and his autobiography is one of the landmarks of a great ge.nre. The r~adlng 
is under the joint auspices of the Campus Pro~ram .Board and the Wilderness ourse 
given by Dr. John ' Stewart of Muir College thiS spring. 

As These Swans Fly By 
So Time Passes. 

Remember - the decisions that the RCCA 
make effect YOU as a Revelle student! 

The strength of this committee will be 
directly related to the members. 

If you have not already done 
so, get your application. 

The time for membership 
applications for the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs 
is quickly coming to an end. 
Submit your application by 
5 :00 p . m. tomorrow, 
Wednesday May 16 at the 
Revelle Provost Office. 

Truckin' With John Moo 
" John the Baptist was not 

more eager to get all his 
fellow sinners into the Jor-
dan than I to baptize all of 
mine in the beauty of GodS 
MOUNTAINS ... " 

That, my friends, is from 
the illustrious journals of 
John Muir. In the same 
spirit, the students and 
facu lty of the Muir College 
Comm unity are coor-
dinating next term's 
freshman orientation in the 
wilderness of California. 
This week, all prospective 
fi rst year students received 
mailings from John M .O .O. 
(the Muir Outdoor Orien -
ta tion) asking their par-
ticipation in river rafting, 
sycling excursions, moun-
tai n and desert 
backpacking, and ocean 
sa iling. 

The MOO experience 

borrows heavily on the 
tradition of John Muir. 
Torn between living the 
good life and earning a 
living, he chose to work in 
a carriage factory in In-
dianapolis. His mechanical 
abili ty increased the firm's 
profits several fold, 
opening up Ihe possibility 
of a partnership . Fate 
stepped in, and he was 
blinded by a freak shop 
accident. John vowed that 
recovery would be God's 
sign to travel; and 
miracu lously, he reg~ ined 
his Sight 'and proceeded 10 
backpack a thousand miles 
through the South to the 
Sierras, and then to the 
Gulf of Mexico. He was a 
sight to behold : long 
flowing hair and a very 
thick beard . A thief who 
stole his backpack found 

" ... only a comb, a brush, 
towel, soap, a change of 
underclothing, a copy of 
Rob ert Burn 's poems, 
M ilton's Paradise Lost, and 
a small New Testament.." 
The thief returned the 
backpack, with an apology. 

The rest of the story we 
all know, his wanderings 
through the Sierras, the 
lobbying for wilderness 10 
be set aside as 
nationalparks, and h is very 
prolific prose on Ihe 
California Wilds. Not just 
radi cal , but visio nary, 
whose spi rit was fueled by 
the ou tdoors. 

When was the last time 
you went backpacking? Or 
oceangoing sai ling, sun-
burnt, rigging knots, un-
furling ca nva s, plott i ng 
your course by the stars? 

continued on page 24 

So you've got your college degree. And 
with it, enough kisses, head-pats and con-
gratulations to last you the rest of your life. 

What you need now is a little green 
stuff. Money. Or better yet, credit. 

Thats what we've got for you: credit-
and then some-to meet the world head-on. 
All wrapped up in a neat package called 
Gradplan. 

Sociology Majors Offered 
Social Advocates for Youth 

There is now an oppor-
tunity for sociology majors 
and potential majors to 
become involved in an in-
dependent research pro-
ject for Un iversity cred it. 
The project involvement is 
working with Social Ad-
vocates for Youth . Social 
Advocates for Youth - San 
Diego is a creative ap-
proach to the prevention 
of juvenile delinquency 
combin ing resources from 
the public and private sec-
tors, the professional and 
the non-professional, the 
academic and street com-
munities. It is a pr ivate, 
non-profit volunteer 
organization that forms 
one link in a chain that wi ll 
ultimately stretch 

throughout California and 
beyond. The aim of the 
program is to seek youth 
.as its constituency and in-
itia te advocacy for them on 
an individual and collective 
basis. 

Children exhibiting non-
constructive behavior 
patterns are referred to 
SA Y -SD through agencies 
like schoo ls, Probation 
Department, Family Ser-
vice Association, Welfare 
Department, and often by 
the parents themselves. 
Parental consent is ob-
tained, staff assessment of 
the child's needs is made, 
and screening is com-
pleted . Achild may be 
demonstrating or aCling-
out behavior problems or 

he may be internalizing his 
con fli cts. He may be 
alienated from friends or 
family. He may be without 
a father. He is in need of 
the positive reinforcement 
and enhanced self-concept 
that comes from an inten-
sive interpersonal 
relationship. 

Involvement in this 
program is being offered as 
part of SOCiology 2. The 
rest of the year, winter and 
spring quarters, the stu-
dent will be part of a group 
inde penden t resea rc h 
group under a course 
number that not has not 
been chosen yet. I n order 
for a speCial section to be 
set up in Sociology 2 and 
Universi ty credit offered 
we need more people to 
sign up for the program. If 
you are interested in the 
program please call lad 
Wilson, 453-9160, or Social 
Advocates for youth, 477-
4463. Ask for Robbi. If you 
have alread y taken 
SOCiology 102, still call , as 
something may be able to 
be worked out. 

Gradplan can set you up with a credit 
line big enough to do the kind of things you 
want to do. It'll show you how to get your 
checks cashed immediately when they're 
needed. How to write yourself an instant 
loan. And how to take some of the pain out 
of finding a job (excuse the expression), 
with a really handy new booklet you'll find 
right there in the Gradplan package. 

Graduating? 
Come in. Ask for our special Gradplan 

Representative. And get yourself some 
credit-plus. 

Out there, in the real world, you need 
all that you can get. 

1ft BANKOFAMERICA 
Gradplan available only at: 
North La Jolla Office 
3255 La Jolla Village Drive 

Simple. 
straight-forward, 

classic-out of step 
with today's 

throwaway culture. 
Refillable cartridge. 
ba lipoint or fi ber tip 
marker in basic tan 

or navy b lue. 
S1.98 : not bad fora pen 

you may use the 
rest of your life. 

S198 

Page 5 Tuesday, May 15,1973 Triton Times 



• • opinion triton times Edltor-In-Chlef •••••••••••••• Camy Sharick 
City Editor ••••••••••••••••• Carrie Rickey 
Milnasinl Editor , •••••• ••• David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor ••••••••••• Debbie Montgomery 
Business Manager ••••••• , •• Michael Greene 
Editorial Director ••••••••••• _ •• Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor • _ ••• _ • , •••••• , • Tom Lindberg 
Sports Editor •••••• , • • • • • • •• Michael Ra'th 
Photography Editor ••••• •••••• •• Joe Eastern 
Secretary ., ••• , •• , ••• ,",. Corinne Cacas 
Assisunt City Editor •••••• _ , ••• Kathy Kuenzi 
Associate City Editors ••• • • . • . • Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst, Business Mgr .•••.••••••• Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial Dir. • •••• _ •.•• Barbara Randall 
Asst, Sports Editor •••••••••.•••• Mark Liska 
The TRITON TIMES Is officially recognized H ~ student 
newspaper by the Communication Board of the Univer-
sity of California, San Diego, Buildlns 250, Matthews 
Campus, ~ Jolla, California 92037. Public<ltion is twice 
weekly on Tuesd<lYs and Fridays. Offices are located in 
Room 117, Blake Hall, Revelle Campus. For advertisins 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news 
phone " 1016. 

'WE WERE SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR ACCIpENT!' 
The opinion ••• pr ... ed on these pages or. those of the authors whose nam.s appear in th. bylines and 0:0 not 
necessarily reflect the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone d.siring to submit mat.rial to be published on these pc~e" 
should .end it to the Editorial Dir,!dor. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blake Hall. UCSD. 

Editor: , 
A recent poetic effort by a friend (M. McCarty, "The Saga of 

Carbohydrate") has opened new artistic vistas. Ignorant "humanists" 
are fond of decrying the lack of true culture in the modern world. 
They fail to realize that science (which they do not understand, and 
thus despise) is the distinctive cultural contribution of recent times . 
The art of past ages drew color and imaginative force from vital 
Grecian and Christian mythologies. These mythologies are no 
longer tenable. If art is to get out of the museu.m and back into 
people's lives, it must draw on a relevant mythology - that of science. 
Fauns and nymphs, Phoebe and Artemis, Jesus and Mary, must be 
replaced by Xylem, Phloem and IUD. The following work is a small 
effort in that direction. 

Fenwick Lunge 

For Urologia 
Fenwick Lunge 

Ah, fair love, 
Thy estrogen hath wrought such effects 
That my testosterone doth know it. 
Daily I bless the Fate 

Yet without thy hope and daily care 
And sweet epidermal friction that 
Warms the ni ght 
Towhat end That gave thee Double X. Be all this subt le silent craft: 

0, incline thy Heart to mine. Shall I eat a prune? 
Well might my Glycolysis run swift and Shall I scribe\Jpon Time's granite ass 

The eternal tale of Dictostelium, su re 
While Krebs impregnates the truitful The trials of Melanogaster, or of 

Mitochondria's Phosphorylating? 
Where then the pencil, where the lead? 
Shall I medic the plague-blasted, 

cytochromes 
Which yield rich A TP. 
Well might my Active Transport thrive, 
Glucagon and Insulin and their Ease pangs of birth and rot of age, 

Comfort those without Blue Cross -
How then shall I heal myself? 

brothers 
Sharply guard gentle Homeostasis, 
Erythrocytes and lymphocytes 

proliferate, 
Globu I ins know true friend from foe, 

Actins and Myosins fondly clutch -

0, but incline thy Heart to mine 
And I sha ll be as a Chloroplast to 
Th Sun of thy Love. 

America's Call 
"America caught the im-

agination of the world 
because the young nation 
had a flaming idealism, a 
free spi ril that has come to 
be called the 'Spirit of 76". 
It is for this reason, any 
American can be a signer 
of the Declaration of 
Independence, for we 
write our names with the 
lives we live." 

It is to this call that the 
very plan of our lives was 
mapped - 'the young na-
tion had a flaming idealism 
which was willi 'lg to reach 
for the und e mable , 
Freedoml Freedom of op-
portunity and the fruit 
thereof. Hi .t or y has 
proven, where ever men 
have stumbled ron thp 
foundations 0 freedom, 
entire nations ha~e bowed 
In her presenc' ' . 

Therefore, America was 

Dennis A. Ball 
made great, not by its fruit-
ful acres, but by the men 
who cultivated them; not 
by its great forests, but by 
Ihe men who built and ran 
them. In addition, at-
tributes such as these have 
allowed us to operate; but 
the spirit of liberty 
motivates. Therefore, the 
American essayist Ralph 
Waldo Emerson so elo-
quently expressed, 
"America, a beacon on a 
hill; a New Jerusalem ." I 
say, " America, land of the 
Free; home of the future ." 

It is for these reasons, the 
'Spi rit of America' is calling 
to her millions to unite in 
the challenge of the future. 
A challenge for achieve-
ment of our ideals at home 
and maintenam.e c u r 
leadership among the free 
people around the world . 
Is this something worth 

fighting if not dieing for? 
Again, as long as pur 
Government is ad-
ministered for the good of 
the people, and is 
regulated by their will ; as 
long as it secures to us the 
rights of persons and of 
property, liberty of con-
science and of the press 
with the full and equal op-
portunity to fulfill ones' 
potential, is it not right to 
defend these noble and 
worthy blessings? 

Thus, bearing in mind 
our present state of affairs, 
let us unite in the splendid 
opportunity that America 
affords: 'the opportunity 
for her young men and 
women to channel their 
energies with God 's help, 
for the preservation of 
liberty and the blessings 
thereof.' 

Communications can't be one-sided! 
There must be omething that's bother-
ing you nationally, on campus, or even 
in this n wspaper. Th TRITON TIMES 
w !comes LETTERS TO THE EDITOR ilInd 
will print illS many as pace p rmits_ 
Lellers should be typed, doubl - paced, 
with GO-unit margin, and must b re-

ceived no later than Tuesday for publi-
cation on Friday. All contributions 
MUST indude the name and address of 
the writer, although names will b with-
h Id on request. Mail to: TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD, La Jolla, 
92037, or ubmit in person at the office, 
NW corner Blake Hall. 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

The following article was submitted for publication by a group of 
students concerned with the continuing farm workers' struggle. They 
hope that through this article the readers will gain some insight on this 
complex and serious problem. -Ed. Dir. 

The Lettuce Boycott: Farm 
Worker's Continuing Struggle 
For Self - Determination 

Rev. Wayne Hartmire 
National Farm Worker Ministry 

The agriculture industry is putting 
together another major effort to stop the 
farm workers' union. As of this writing the 
leadership of the Teamsters Union has 
decided to join the employers in this 
effort. 

The "growers" (meaning the decision-
makers of the industry) have developed a 
four-fold strategy: 

1)Attack the motives and efforts of 
Cesar Chavez and the United Farm 
Workers. 
2)Resist all grass roots UFW 
organizing (by firing union 
members, refusing to negotiate, 
resisting renewal of contracts, 
denying access to union 
organizers). 
3)1nvite the Teeamsters in when it is 
necessary to thwart United Farm 
Workers. 
4) Divert attention from the moral 
issue of justice and dignity for farm 
workers by talking about "the 
jurisdictional dispute", "elections" 
and "rp sonable legislation." 

Cesar Chavez and the United Farm 
Workers intend to continue and 
strengthen their non-violent campaign. 
They will organize farm workers and ask 
for support from concerned people all 
over the world. Every person who reads 
this paper can help in the following sim-
ple ways : 

a)Avoid all head (iceberg) lettuce 
unless it bears the United Farm 
Workers' Aztec eagle label. Please 
take this pledge seriously wherever 
you are : restaurants, meetings, air-
planes, etc. 
b)ln Washington, D.C. and west of 
the Mississippi join the "NOon 
SAFEWAY" campaign until Safeway 
agrees to buy only UFW lettuce. 
c) East of the Mississippi please 
don't shop at A & P until A & P 
.cooperates with the farm workers' 
cause. 
d) Spread the word to friends, 
throug h newsletters by resolutions 
on lettuce, by example, etc. 
e) Offer help to your local boycott 
committee (check for UFW in the 
telephone directory or call "boycott 
Central", 605/822-5571). 

How did the lettuce strike get started? 
for years lettuce workers quietly 
organized local UFW committees and 
waited for the successful completion of 
the Delano grape strike. In July of 1970 as 
the grape struggle was ending, the United 
Farm Workers (UFW) p titioned lettuce 
growers for secret ballot union represen-
tation elections. th growers sought out 
the T amster Union and sign d back 
door contracts. The workers were not 
consult d . D ni d elections, they went 
on strike Ausgust 24, 1970 to d monstrat 
that th y wanted to be represented by 
Cesar Chavez' UFW. 7,000 Worker 
walked off th iob in what th l.A. TIMES 

called: "The largest Farm Labor Strike in 
the U.S. History." As a result of the strike 
several growers rescinded their contracts 
with the Teamsters, held elections, and 
negotiated contracts with UFW. About 
10% of the lettuce bears the UFW brand. 

Why a lettuce boycott? For 100 years 
growers have broken strikes by in-
timidating local workers and importing 
strikebreakers and by enlisting the 
cooperatio n of local law enforcement 
officials who issue restrictive injunctions, 
enforce them aggressively and provide a 
police escort service for strikebreakers. 

Workers in agriculture have had many 
strikes but their employers have been 
willing to accept limited losses rather than 
negotiate with their workers. In Salinas on 
Sept. 17, 1970, a local judge out-
lawedallstrike activity on the ground that 
the strike was a violation of California's 
Jurisdictional Strike Act. The workers 
chose to appeal that court decision and to 
continue their struggle through the let-
tuce boycott. 

What was (he outcome of the court 
appeal? On Dec. 29, 1972, the Calif. 
Supreme Court, in a 6-1 decision, over-
turned the 1970 injunction and ruled that 
the lettuce growers had unfairly in-
terfered in union affairs by recognizing 
the Teamsters Union as the exclusive 
bargaining agent for the growers' lettuce 
workers when in fat neither the growers 
or the Teamsters had consulted any farm 
workers. To quote directly from the 
Supreme Court opinion (Englund vs 
Chavez, Ca . Supreme Ct .. , 12/29/72): 

II According to the uncontradicted 
affidavit of Cal Watkins, the per-
sonneJ manager of InterHarvest, 
Inc. (a grower member of the 
Association) who attended the July 
23 (1970) meetings, the Association 
members ... discussed the question 
of Teamsters representation of their 
field workers. The member decided 
to appoint a committee which was 
to approach the Teamsters to "feel 
out" that union on the prospects of 
negotiating an agreement 
recognizing the Teamsters as the 
exclusive bargaining agent of the 
Growers' field workers. There is no 
suggestion in the record that the 
Growers, before taking such a step, 
attempted to ascertain whether 
their respective field workers 
desir d to be represented by the 
Teamsters, or, indeed, that the 
question of their field workers' 
preference was even rais d as a 
relevant consideration. 

"The Association Committee 
whi h had been established to ap-
proach the Teamst rs worked 
quickly. On the following day, July 
24, 1970, at anoth r general 
membership meeting of th 

continued on pase 8 

, I 

WHO CARES? 

,. 

CARES ABOUT: 
... TholiNnds 01 war crippled Children in North and South 

Vietna~. 
... The restoration of farm land compacted by bombs. 
V' Hospitals. school. and homes that '-d rebuilding. 
V' Thousands of Vie1~ atill held as political prisoners. 
As of now. Ihe American Friends Service Committee is eK-
panding Its strong . well established servicft In North and 
South Vietnam . This Will be done .a rapidly as possible. It Is 
an action of e.traordina')' scope for thl. Ouaker orgenizetion 
which has worked for Peace through Impartial. ~ihcal 
a!d to civilian casualties on both sldes""--idl' cCll1t1icts 
Since World War I. I 
The American Friends Service C~etnam 
began 1".1965 With medical ass_tance to civilian • . Since then 
the Service Committee has sJpplied penicillin for war suf· 
fe,ers In Nat ional Liberation Fro aintrolled areas and deliv-
ered four Installments 01 surgl~al supplies to th9 major 
teaching hospital m Norlh Vletn'" 
In Soulh Vietnam. the American Frtwttfs Service Committee 
has provided medical care lor inm 0( JMI Quang Ngal 
Provincial Prison. developed a Day nter lor "'ug.., 
child ren and conducted a widely reeogn i prosth'-':s and, 

rehTHEn AOMERICANd FRIENds 
SERVICE COMMITTEE (QUAKER SERVICE) 

-

• 

ENOUGH: 
... 

..... To be concerned thai 8.500 American clvilltIns have re-
placed mihla')' aQvisers to maintain South V,etnam's 
armament? 

..... To wonder why, with all our POW's home. thousands of 
South V,elnamete a", all" prtooners in therr own land ? 

... To ask why, as _ melle peace with our " enemies" we 
retuse amneaty -.our own young men? 

The Amertc:an Frienda SeMce Committee believes that the 
devastation inlJlcted 011 Vietnamese people requires us 
to make m .... al repll'8 tions for what has been done In the 
name of the Amerfcan ~eople. In so doing we may repair 
some of the damage done to our own spirrts and hves by Ihe 
long contlle!. 

WE APPEAL TO A S 
TO REBUILD WHAT H 

GENEROUS ENOUGH 
BEEN DESTROYED ! 

For those who feel as we e ask your support for 
The NortII-South Vietnam Fund 

Send your contributions to: 
AFCS North/South Vietnam Fund 

Religious Affairs Office 
Building 250, Matthews Campus 

La Jolla, Califorria 92037 
Checkl should be mad. payable to: • 
AFSC North/South Vietnlm Fund 

Hear Don Luce, 
Friday, May 18, 

Indochina Mobile Education Project 
8:00 p.m., Revelle Cafeteria 

-

IT CAN HAPPEN .. , 
INII StRIcti! For. Car MPkt ca ....... "k~ .1141 rrpalr 

your Datsun 
0., III«hIlla Me ..... fte4 , •• "e are" y .... elr 

All our repaIrs performed on your car 
have I 6.000 mile or 6 month lu.rantce. 
We .IsosetVICC and repair VolklwlJc.nJ 

Bill Smhh fore!&" Car ScrvtCC 
J4J Soulh H'lhw.y tOf 

Solana Beach, Calif. 
(7t4) m·JJ23 

1>1 ............. _u_c .... , Cam"",,,'" 

.~ "1.. :i I;, ~ 
-" .... 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
MAJOR LABEL LP'S 

TOP ARTISTS! 
YOUR FAVORITES 

AT BIG DISCOUNTS 

SALE 
STARTS 
TODAY 

MAY 15th 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 

Serving Pizza, Ravioli, Spaghetti 
Chicken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

(53- min SOC' de ltver ~ cha rge) 

50¢ Off 
Any Pizza 

3304 Governor Dr. 
in University City 

at Regents Rd. 
Call 453-3177 

!!Ie ••••• _ •••••• I!l 
• PREPARATION fOR SU'MMER • 

: LSAT ,: 
-: -! STANLEY H. KAPLAN • EDUCATIONAL CENTER Since 1938 
• IN SAN DIEGO AREA • 

(714) 276-8947 • 
!iI ••••••••••••• ~ 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 

NEW 
ONLY $8500 -< o 

:a one way American Airlines 
LEAVES 

JUNE 20 ~ 
Fare Is based on the pro-rata 
share of total cost of the air craft 
and are subject to increase or 
decrease depending upon the 
total people booked-

EUROPE: $28900 
Leaves: 
June 22 
returns: 
Sept. 1 

roundtrip 

from: to: 
Los Angeles/Brussels 

Paris/Los Angeles 

Available only to UCSD 
students, faculty. staff 
and immediate family. 

Student Strvlen Wnt ''II'. 
BILL KELLER 

Campus Travel Advisor 
P.O. Box 15421 

San Diego, California 92115 
(Day) 286-5500 

Page 7 Tuesday, May 1S! 1973 Triton Times 



Edito ia/, Advertising 
Positions 

WI.tIl W.IIegeI,ldltorlel DIrector 
Last year DIMENSION published an article accusing 

the TRITON TIMES of manipulating the news. The 
article, authored by Jim Sills, accused Camy Sharick, 
then Managmg Editor of the TRITON TIMES, of re-
writing and article Jim Sills had written for the TRITON 
TIMES. Mr. Sills had accused Ms. Sharick of effectively 
re-writing the article to favor one of the candidates for 
the Del Mar City Council. After a lengthy battle with 
the Communications Board and Mr. Sills, DIMENSION 
was required to retract the accusations. The TRITON 
TIMES pursued this accusation with the intention of 
maintaining its posture of fair and unbiased presenta-
tion of events in the University community. 

Bearing this posture in mind the TRITON TIMES 
decided to accept the two Safeway advertisements that 
appear on these pages, in spite of the editorial last 
week urging the boycott of Sa(eway Stores (tt 5/8). The 
TRITON TIMES feels that it must accept all advertising, 
despite the political convictions of i~s Editorial Board, 
or the persuasions of any majority or minority in the 
community. Political commentaries are reserved for 
the 'opinion' section of this newspaper. The TRITON 
TIMES is not a political journal, and therefore ca nnot 
allow its political convictions, or those of the con-
tributing authors of opinion articles to color any other 
section of this newspaper. 

Conversly we do not allow advertisements to alter 
our editorial positions The TRITON TIMES STILL URGES 
THE UCSD community to boycott Safeway Stores, Inc. 
and to not purchas head (iceberg) lettuce. We feel that 
the members of the community are capable of making 
their own moral and ethical decisions without our 
having to screen new s for them, or advertisements. 
Advertisements are screened only for libel con-
siderations. 

The 'opinion' section of this newspaper wi ll continue 
to serve as an open forum for the University communi-
ty. We invite all members to contribute to this section. 

Plld POIltIcII Advertisement 

Evolution vs. 
Creation: Both 
Based OnAn 
Article of Faith 
Editor: 

I am writing this letter for 
two reasons. One, as a par-
tial reply to W. Stoddard (5-
4 T.T.), and two, as an 
attempt to initiate an ob-
jective discussion of the 
issues in the evolution vs. 
crea tion debate, free of the 
emotional defensiveness 
and uniformed accusations 
which have characteriz;ed 
co nt ributions from both 
sides of the question up to 
this point (humorous 
though they may be) . 

Mr. Stoddard has com-
plained that "there has 
been nothing which looks 
even remotely like a plau~i­
ble reason for doubt" of 
the theory of evolution 
coming from the fun-
damentalist quarter yet. I 
agree. Although I am not 
coming from the fun-
damentali st quarter , I 
would like to make an in-
itial (and far from com-
plete) attempt to fill that 
gap, by presenting an ex-
ample of wh at I consider to 

HELP US HELP 'HE 
FARM WORKERI! 

Dear Safeway Customer: 
We don't make baby food. 
We don't hire any workers who do. 
We don't tell the baby food 

manufacturers who they should 
employ. 

We sell baby food because many 
of our customers want it. 

By the same token: 
We don't grow produce. 
We don't hire any farm workers. 
We don't tell the growers who to 

employ. 
We sell produce, including lettuce 

and grapes, because our 
customers should be able to 
purchase these items if they 
wish. 

FARM WORKERS are good citizens and good customers. We 
want to ~ them get a fair shake. They should have th right 
to participate in collective bargaining, and to have a vote re-
gard ing t heir own working terms and conditions. Farm workers 
deserve t he ~ mp I'ight~ a. other American workers already en-
joy. Picket, boycotts and lawsuits al'e not the an wer. Legisla-
tion is! 

HELP US HELP THE FARM WORKERS. Write or call your State 
Asseml.l man I tat~ Senator and let them know how you f el. 

EE OPPOSITE PAG FO R LIST OF STATE 
SENATORS AND STATE ASSEMBLYMEN REPRESENT-

ING DISTRICTS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15,1973 
('Ji ll! ' 11 .' • ,{ ,I'" I~ 'l I '1 / ' 

LBTTBR 
be a plausible reason for 
doubt (or at least a 
lessening of certitude) of 
the spontaneous origin of 
life from nonliving matter 
(as currently taught, of 
course). 

Dr. D.E. Hill (Nature 186, 
693) has calculated the 
equilibrium concentration 
in the early ocean of what 
is probably the simplest 
organic molecule 
necessary for the 
appearance of life, the am-
nio acid glycine. To sum-
marize his findings, as a 
result of ultraviolet radia-
tion decompOSit ion, the 
half- life of glycine in the 
postulated early at-
mosphere would have 
been 30 days. From fall-out 
data, the half-t ime of 
transport from the 
stratosphere to the earth's 
surface is est imated at 3 
years. From the ea rl y at-
mosphere composition 
and reaction kinetics it is 
calculated that 97 percen t 
of the glycine formed in 
the atmosphere would be 

decomposed before it 
cou ld reach the surface. 
UV would have penetrated 
the ocean to a maximum 
depth of 3 feet. Even 
assumi ng the glycine 
reaching the ocean to be 
mixed to the bottom, it's 
half-life would be 1()()()() 
years. Since the more com-
plex compounds are more 
vulnerable to UV decom-
position, the net result of 
these considerations is to 
"preclude the possibility of 
accumulating useful con-
ce ntrations of organic 
compounds over eons of 
t ime." In the words of Dr. 
Hull, "The co nclusion 
from these arguments 
presents the most serious 
obstacle, if indeed it is not 
fatal, to the theory of spon-
taneous generation." 

Philip H. Abelson (P.N.A.S. 
55, 1365) has presented 
substantial geophysical and 
geochemical evidence that 
"the hypothesis of an early 
methane- ammonia at -
mosphere is found to be 
without solid foundation 
and indeed is contrain-
dicated." 

I invite Mr. Stoddard and 
anyone else interested to 
examine the above 
references and perhaps 
another which there is not 
room to summarize here 
(Mathematical Challenges 
to the Neo-Darwinian 
Interpretation of Evolution, 
M oorhead and Kaplan, 
eds., Wister Inst itute Press, 
1967). I would also hope 
that others in the Universi-
t y c ommunity more 
qualified than I to speak on 
the scientific aspects of this 
question would in fact add 
their expe rtise to the 
debate. I would especially 
hope that Mr. Stoddard 
would not consider the 

Furthermore, almost all 
attempts thus far at con-
structing a possible origina 
of life mechanism have 
postulated the usual 
methane-ammonia 
reducing atmosphere as a 

ne~essary prerequisite. Dr. 

Farm Worker's Struggle ... 
continued from page 6 
Vegetable Associat ion, the Com-
mittee reported that the Teamsters 
had been contac ted and 
were"interested and receptive"; in-
deed, the Committee informed the 
membership that any grower who 
wished could sign an immediate 
recognition agreement designating 
the Teamsters as the exclusive 
bargaining agent for all of his field 
workers. Each of the Salinas Valley 
Growers involved in this litigation 
signed such an agreement that same 
day, on a form made available by 
the Teamsters. Once again, there is 
no indication that nay thought was 
given to the possible wishes of the 
field workers whose interests were 
purportedly to be represented by 
the Teamsters. The next day 
negotiations for formal contracts 
began tetween the Teamsters and 
the Growers. 
" Over the next week, the 

Teamsters and Growers proceeded 
to negotiate detailed contracts 
covering such specific subject as 
wages, hours and other working 
conditions; although the field 
workers were the individuals who 
would primarily be affected by such 
provisions, these workers were 
never consulted during the 
negotiations and were never given 
an opportunity to examine the 
terms of the contracts or even to 
indicate whether they desired to be 
represented by the Teamsters. 
Nonetheless, by the end of July 
each of the Salinas Valley growers 
(involved in this case) had executed 
S-year exclusive " union shop" 
agreements with the Teamsters, 
covering wages, hours and working 
conditions of the field workers. 
"During the first few weeks of 

August 1970, when the field workers 
finally were advised of the collective 
bargaining agreements that had 
been negotiated on their behalf, 
most of the workers refused either 
to join the Teamsters Union or to 
sign or ratify the Grower-Teamster 
aggreements. Although there is 
some dispute as to the precise 
number or percentage of field 
workers favoring either the 
Teamsters of UFW, it appears clear 
that by mid-August at least a sub-
sta ntial number, and probably a 
majority of the applicable field 
workers desired to be represented 
by UFW rather than by the 
Teamsters . Thereaft e r, UFW 
repeatedly demanded that the 
Salinas Valley Growers recognize it 
as the freely designated represen-
tative of the field workers; when 
th se demands were rebuffed, the 
field workers, on August 24, 1970, 
commenc d a recognition strik 
against the Growers on behalf of 
UFW. 

" ...... from a pra tical point of 
view an employer's grant of ex-
lusive bargaining status to a non-

representative union must be con-
sidered the ultimate form of 
favoritism, completely substituting 
the employer's choice of unions for 
his employee's desi res. 
"In sum, we conclude that an 

employer who grants exclusive 
bargaining status to a union which 
he knows does not have the support 
of his employees may not thereafter 
ca ll upon the state to enjoin con-
certed activities by a competing 
union." 

On the basis of this conclusion the 
court overturned to injunction against 
strike activity in the lettuce fields . 
(However, growers can still 
seeklimitinginjunctions - as contrasted to 
a total injundion against all strike ac-
tivity.) 

What is the current status o( the 
Teamster "contracts''? On Dec. 12, 1972, 
Frank Fitzsimmons, President of the 
Teamsters, crossed a UFW picket line in 
Los Angeles to speak to the Annual 
Convention of the American Farm Bureau 
Federation. The L.A. TlMESheadlined: 
" Teamster President Proposes Alliance 
with Growers Group." On Dec. 13, 1972 
Mr. Fitzsimmons announced that the 
Teamsters were going to "renegotiate" 
their 1970 lettuce contracts. On Jan. 16, 
1973, the Teamsters and growers an-
nounced new contracts covering 170 
growers and 30,000 lettuce fiield workers 
(contrads that expire in July of 1975). The 
growers admitted that workers would not 
be consulted about the contracts. 
Teamsters representative Wm. Grami said 
that lettuce workers would have to joint 
the Teamsters Union to be proteded by 
the contracts "however this provision will 
not be enforced for the time being."(San 
Francisco Chronicle, 1/17/73) 

Why is it important which union 
represents (arm workers? The Farm 
Workers struggle is for justice and self-
determination. Farm workers are in-
terested in more than higher wages. They 
want to participate in building a union of 
their own. They want leaders they can 
trust. For these reasons they want Cesar 
Chavez and the UFW. They had 
demonstrated their clear preference for 
UFW in the great lettuce strike of 1970 and 
in the elections supervised by the 
Catholic Bishops Committee at 
InterHarvest and at other lettuce ranches 
that have negotiated contracts with UFS. 
(There have been no representation elec-
tions of any kind at Teamster ranches.) 

The issue is simple at its core : Should 
farm workers have a union of their choice 
or should growers be able to pick a union 
and impose it on their workers? 

The growers keep saying that they are 
for elections and Chavez is nOI.Retent 
events should end that discussion I UFW 
and the lettuce workers wanted elections 
in 1970 and were refused. The growers 
signed contracts with the Teamsters 
without any consultation with workers 
and hav now renegotiated those con-
tra ts without any consu ltation with 
workers (no strike, no secret ballot, no 

THB 
thoughts of anyone 
questioning the classical 
theory of evolution "the 
gibberish of fanatics," and 
that. he would not fall 
prey to the mistake he at-
tributes to the creationists, 
namely " to rule out of con-
sideration anything they 
might find upsetting." 

T. T. Urged 
To Refuse 
Military Ads 

TIMES has given lip service 
to opposition of the war 
and the war effort. Yet, by 
receiving advertising 
revenue from the military 
and helping them recruit 
more killers you in fact 
show tha t you are in 
mutual support of each 
other. You do not have a 
responsibility to print such 
garbage . Thi s is not a 
matter of free speech. The 
fact that this is a paid 
advertisement negates the 
argument that this is a free 
speech issue. Beca use you 
have the perogative to 
accept advertiSing, you also 
have the perogative to 
refuse it. I strongly urge 
you to follow the meekly 
stated editorial policy you 
have perpetuated in the 
past. I strongly urge you to 
refuse such blood money 
in the futu re, even for the 
" noble" cause of con-
tinuing your publication. 
Such is the price we must 
all pay if we are truely 
committed to opposing 

TRITON TIMES: 

Charles Darwin used to 
say that the intricacies of 
the human eye gave him 
cold shudders. A contem-
porary scientist may have 
felt somet hing similar 
when he said (hopefully 
not taken out of context) 
" All of us who study the 
origin of life find that the 
more we look into it, the 
more we feel it is too com-
plex to have evolved 
anywhere." And then 
added " We all believe as 
an article of faith that life 
evolved from dead matter 
on this planet." (Dr. Harold 
C. Urey, Christian Science 
Monitor, Jan . 5, 1962) 
Comments, anyone? 

I was dismayed, but not 
surprised to find on page 
ten (TT 5-8-73), right under 
an article on U.S. complici-
ty in-and support-of 
repression, and advertise-
ment for the U.S. Air Force. 
Since you seemed tv have 
missed the point, I'll re-
mind you that this is the 
same air force which 
dropped tons of bombs 
and killed or maimed 
thousands of human 
beings. 

0.5. Lawson 
Muir biology senior 

I would like an explana-
tion. Does your newspaper 
support the American 
military effort? Do you feel 
that, as long as their money 
is green, you will support 
any racist , imperialist, 
blood-thirsty organization 
and disseminate their 
propoganda? 

In the past the TRITION 

are in favor of elections why did they sign 
Teamster contracts behind their workers' 
backs? 

In California the entire agricultural in-
dustry united behind PropOSition 22, an 
initiative on the November 1972 ballot. 
Prop. 22 offered elections in theory but 
disenfranchised almost all seasonal and 
migrant farm workers. Section 1150. 4 b 
proposed that "The date of such (secret 
ballot) election shall be set at a time when 
the number of temporary agricultural 
~mployees entitled to vote does not ex-
ceed the number of permanent 
agricultural employees entitled to vote." 
This section would have automatically 
disenfranchised almost all seasonal and 
migrant farm workers. Fortunately 
California voters rejected Prop. 22 by a 
wide margin (58%-42%). The growers 
have passed repressive laws like Prop. 22 
in Kansas, Arizona, and IDAHO. They 
would like to do the same in every 
agricultural state. 

There have been over 60 farm worker 
elections in California, Washington, 
Arizona and Florida. In every case but one 
the workers have voted to be represented 
by UFW. The growers want consumers to 
believe that Cesar Chavez is the source of 
all the difficu Ity. But in 1970 the lettuce 
growers were the ones who refused to 
hold elections. By that refusal they forced 
farm workers into a long st rike and 
boycott. The growers can end the conflict ' 
whenever they are ready to recognize the 
union of the workers' choice. 

What about legislation? The Farm 
Bureau and other agribUSiness interests 
have kept farm workers from the protec-
tions of state and federal laws for decades. 
Now that the boycott is bringing about 
changes in agriculture the major grower 
interests (with the cooperation of the 
Teamsters' leadership) are promoting 
legislation as the "true solution" to the 
problems of the farm workers. The 
growers and the Teamster leaders do not 
represent farm workers and so they 
should not be taken seriously when they 
talk about what is "good for farm 
workers." 

Why are the growers promoting 
legislalion? For only two reasons: to crip-
ple the consumer boycott and to make 
strikes at harvest impossible. These are 
difficult objectives to talk about in public 
so the growers talk about "elections" as a 
cover for tneir true legislative objectives. 
As we have seen in the Prop. 22 fight the 
agricultural industry does not really want 
elections that will allow migrant and 
seasonal workers to vote. 

What does UFW want in the way of 
legislation? The United Farm Workers 
want to build a strong, democratic union. 
Legislati<'l' does not automatically solve 
problems for poor people - it can be 
used to hinder their objectives. The 
United Farm Workers are on record in 
favor of the 1935 Wagner Act (National 

La~or Relations Ad) which provides for 
union representation elections without 
crippling amendments (e.g., against 
boycotts) added by the 1947 Taft-Hartley 
Amendment to the NLRA. Farm workers ~elieve that they are in the same position 
Industrial workers were in during the 
1930's: poor. and weak in an Industry thlt 

wants to destroy their union. Therefore 
farm workers feel they should have the 
same protective legislation that industrial 
'Norkers had in the 1930's. 

The Farm Bureau and their allies claim 
that the UFW union is a dictatorship with 
no r ighls (or individual workers : UFW 
strength is based on the participation of 
workers. Farm workers elected ranch 
committees at every farm before the 
Salinas strike in August of 1970. Those 
committees were responsible for strike 
activity at their ranch . Those same elected 
committees joined in negotiating the let-
tuce contracts at InterHarvest,Mel Finner-
man, etc. The ranch committees learn the 
contract and take responsibility for enfor-
cing the contract at their ranch. They vote 
on every major policy decision of the 
union. 

The UFW also expects workers to take 
their union seriously. Workers are ex-
pected to pay dues ($3.50 per mo.); they 
are expected to come to meetings and 
participate in decisions; when the union 
is under fire they are expected to go to 
Sacramento or l.A. or Miami or 
Tallahassee to make their voices heard. 
The union does have a disciplinary 
procedure for members; but the workers 
themselves decide whether discipline is 
necessary; they elect a hearing committee 
from their ranch; they vote on the final 
outcome - serious penalties (fines, 
suspension) require a 2/3 vote of the 
workers at the ranch. 

Until 1972, the UFW was an organizing 
committee of the AFL-CIO. The UFW now 
has a charter and is an independent union 
affiliated with the AFl-CIO. The UFW has 
a constitution and a Board of Directors 
elected by the workers. The UFW is 
covered by the 1959 landrum-Griffin Act 
which protects workers' rights in the 
union. The UFW will hold a conpolicy and 
goals for the year ahead. 

The growers say Ihat the (arm workers ' 
boycol! is vicious and immoral. The farm 
workers' boycott is an effective non-
violent way for millions of concerned 
Americans to be with poor people in their 

I struggle for justice. The boycott is a 
beautiful thing for the poor. It is hated 
because it is economically effective. If the 
growers and the chain stores would stop 
fighting the farm workers union and use 
their influence to bring about more 
justice for farm workers then there would 
be no strikes and boycotts. It is the intran-
sigence of the powerful that makes the 
boycott necessary. Dr. Martin 
Luther King, Jr. useCl to say: "We are not 
boycotting to put anyone out of business; 
we are boycotting to put justice in 
business." 

The Farm Bureau is making e)(tensive 
use of the Arizona Ecumenical Council's 
Truth Squad Report to try 10 prove that 
farm workers are content and don 't want 
to be represented by Cesar Chavez' UFW: 
20% of the nation 's lettuce comes from 
Arizona. In May of 1972, the Farm Bureau 
and the lettuce growers pushed through 
an Arizona farm labor law (HB 2134) 
which effectively eliminates the boycott 
nd strikes at harvest and establishes an 
election system which disenfranchises 
most seasonal and migrant farm workers. 

contfnued on pqe 11 

opression and barbarity. 
Mark Stevens 

and high-energy physics 
and B52's. 

fritter our money away on 
whatever 's fun . 

Child Care 
Editor: 

Re Martin Radwin 's at-
tack on the " parasitic" idea 
of adequate subsidized 
child care centers: I gotta . 
say, as one male to 
another, Marty, that you're 
kind of a painful ex-
perience to bear. Ad-
mittedly, all thi s self -
reliance, pay-as-you-go, 
upward mobility jazz has a 
fairly grand sound. Until 
you think about it. Then 
you think of the work that 
any society must do, like 
feeding itself, sheltering 
itself from the weather and 
(evidently) providing itself 
with automobiles to move 
around in . Now we certain-
ly think we should pay the 
folks that do this work -
the farmers and carpenters 
and tailors and automobile 
manufacturers. With what's 
left over we can even af-
ford some frills like yachts 

Of course there's some 
thing else any society has 
to do. Even without pop-

. ulation growth, we gotta 
raise kids so there will be 
somebody to do whatever 
we do when we get too old 
or pass away. And you 
know, Marty, us males 
have quite a rip-off going. 
We don't even have to pay 
the folks that do this work 
- the women (and some 
men) that ra ise kids. O c-
casionally a woman can be 
nice enough and sexy 
enough and domes tic 
enough to "trap" one of us 
men into marrying her. 
Then we're su pposed to 
support her for awhile, 
which is kind of like paying 
her. But there are actually 
some women who don't 
think that 's too great a 
deal. And of cou rse lots of 
us men are smart enough 
not to get "trapped" so 
that we don't need to sup-
port anyone and can just 

Getting back to your art i-
cle, thQugh, you suggest 
that people pay for what 
they got. My problem is I 
can't see how you and I will 
pay for all the people who 
are raising the kids that 
maintain the society that 
keeps you and me so fat 
and happy. Perhaps we 
could raise general taxes to 
pay a flat salary to all the 
moms (and some dads). Or 
maybe we could all pitch in 
and do our fair share 'Iike 
vo lunteering to take care 
of the neighbor's kids a 
couple of days a week. (or 
maybe we can quietly put 
ourselves off the hook by 
spending a pittance on 
child care facilities.) 

Anyway, Marty, you 
might want to be careful 
about beating your chest 
too loud on how we ought 
to sweep out the parasites. 
It's hard to tell who's the 
parasites. 

Greg Holloway, 
Grad, SIO 

Plld POlitical Advertisement 

(See Safeway Advertisement on Opposite Page) 

HERE IS A LIST OF CALIFORNIA STATE SENATORS AND STATE 
ASSEMBLYMEN REPRESENTING SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

CALIFORNIA STATE SENATORS 

DI, hlet CounI1,. lII.pr"''' ' ed S,,.llo, DI"'Ict CounU •• 111,." ... ,,11. ' Pr lnc llll i CIU,.) 1,,1"(1,.1 t ill .. ) 

15 Fresno. Inyo. Made.a Tulare HOWAROWlI 28 Los Angeles lEI ~onl. Mariposa Merced Mono 
Monte"y Parkl 17 Mont.r.y. San Benito. DONALD L. GRUNSKY 

San LuIS ObiSpo. 29 los Ang!les, (Downtown . 
Santa CIUZ florenc •. South t A) 

18 Kern. KIOKS WALTER If. STIERN 30 Lo! Angele! lOo.".y 
19 los Angeles (Area<lIJ. H. t. RICHARDSON Huntlnglon Park 

COVIno. La Can.d •. Montebello) 
Mo nro. I •. Pasaden.) 31 los Angel.s rH.wlhorne 

20 San Bernardino WilLIAM l . COOMIS Inglewood) 
21 los An~'les (Burb.nk. JOHN l. HARMER 32 los Ange les (Garden. 

GI.nda •• t.ncnter. S.n Pedro. Torr.nco) 
p.lmd.I. I 33 lOI Ana. les (B. llf1ower 

22 tOI AnS.11I INor lh ALAM ROll iNS Compton. lakewood, 
Ho ll ywood, Panorama Long Buehl 
City. SIn fernlndol 34 Orin I ' 23 lOI An,.les ICanola P.lk. lOU CUIANOVICH 35 tOI An,. III. Orlnl' Northrldal . V.n Nuyl' 

24 S.nt. Borb .... Vlnt url ROlERT I. lAGOMARSINO 36 RI.erslde . S.n Btlnl rdlno 
2S los An,lllI IRldondo ROIERT S. mVENS 37 los Anf'llI (lon, Bueh, 

BtlehL Slnt. Monici. NO>WII , Whitt I .. ) Wilt os Anl.llI) 38 SIn 01'10 
26 Los An~e lu (Bmrl y Hill s. ANTHONY C. IIllENION 39 S.n 01110 Cu lver ity. HOllywoodi 
27 Los An,eles lEnt L.A • DAVID A. ROURTI 40 Imperi. l. Sin Oi'IO 

Cl,ie Center. Hilhl.nd P .. kl 

CALIFORNIA STATE ASSEMBLYMEN 
Ol.tt~ IJr",c.,.. CIlIM 

"..,. ........ .. .....,..... 

6 Bishop. Lone Pin •. T.uckee. EUGENE A. CHAPP'E 
Mariposa . MarysVille 

28 Bakersfield IParti. Kernvill. . RAYMOND GONZALES 
MOj •••• Ridgecrest 

• 29 Bakersfield IP.rtl. Paso 
Roblu. SIn LuIS Obispo. Talt 

35 full.rton. Ont."o. 
"""on. (P.rt) 

~O.UT P. NIIiMO 

JOHN Y. UtlCS 

3li S.nt. Barb",a. Slnt. Maria W. OON lIacCllllnU. JR. 

OlttrJet ~tftCI,.1 Crt'" 
"'...,.MfttH 

58 AlVs • . BaldW in Par~ . 
Du.rt • . EI Mont. 

59 B.,erly Hills. Palms. 
W •• t Hollywood 

60 M.libu . PaC ifIC P.lludt •. 
Santa MoniCl, 

37 O,nord, Ventura lEN lIacDONAlD 61 
Wesl Los Anceles 
Culver City. Mar Vllt. 
Burbank. l.nclSter. 
N. whali. Palmd.l. 

38 B.llflo .... . Compton. (VacHt" 62 
Downey. Lynwood 

39 Belmont SIIore . Siln.1 Hill. IllllONO 
. Southeast lon,Stlch 

40 C,.ic Cent ••• Downtown. 
hSI Los An,eles 

41 P.norlm. City. Sin 
Fe.",ndo. Sylm .. 

42 North Hollywood. SlJn 

AlEX P. CARCIA 

11M KmOI 
'OIIlO~mt 

V.II.y. V.n Nu,. 
'3 Burb.nk. Glend.le IIIKE D. AMTONOYIC" 
.4 Lake .. ood. N W long Beach MIKE CULLEN 

4~ B.lv.d .... Mont.re, Pork. IVALTU KARAS(AN 
Sou lh S.n G.t",el 

46 Pa los Verdes. PI.y. del R.,. ROllaT C. IEVULY 
Redondo Beach. Westehuler 

41 la Crucent •• P.uden •. 
Sum, Madr. 

.! Hllhland P .... 
los Ancells (Part) 

.9 AIVSI. Claremont. 
CO. In •• IIonro." 
Pomona INorth p"U 

$0 l. Puenl •• Pomon. (South 
Portl. South EI Mont. 

51 East los Anltl •• , 
Mont. bello. Santa Fe 
Spun.,. Wll ittler 

52 8.11 Gordens. HuntIMlton 
Par •• lI.ywood. South 
Gale. Vernon 

53 E.positlon P .... florence. 
lOI Ana.les IPartl 

54 "'cldl .. North Alhambra. 
ElII. Roc •• South ,.slden. 

FR ANK LANTE.IIAN 

WllllAIl N. LANCISTU 

JOSEPN I . MONTOYA 

'AU t . fENTON 

ROYIl. WAKUlElD 

Itll 11£111( 
JOltIIl. E. COllI. 

5~ LOI An,.I" (Part' LION UVII 
W.tts. Willowbr~ 

56 Hollywood. 
los Ancel.s (Portl 

57 Encino. S/le.mlll O"s. 
Stu4io Cit, 

CN .... IS WAttlN 

flOW... . IIIIIMII 

6J BltdWin Hili •• l .. ""t Par •. 
los Anlel •• Int"nltlon.1 
A"port. los Ance les IPlrti 

6' Clnol' Park. Chatsworth. 
Granad. llilis. "orth"dge. 
Reseda 

65 H •• tllornt. Inalewood 
66 Artes i •. Da", V.lley. 

L. M".d • . Norwalk 
67 Garden •. lawnd.le. 

Torr.nc. tPartl 
68 SIn Ped.o. Torr.nce 

W,lmmglon 
69 An.!ltlm. Bu.n. ParI. 

Ol.rJ',nd. Westminster 
70 Costa Mesa Gorden rorove 

Hunlington BelCh 
71 B.lboa. l.gu", . Ne.port 

Beach. San Clemente. 
Santa An. 

72 Colton. fontana . San 
B.rn"drno. Upland 

73 earslow. N •• dI.s 
Redland •• Twentynine 
,.Ims. VICtor VIII. 

7. Coron., Htmet. RI'lfIS" e 
15 Blythe EI C.ntro 

Pa lm !>prings 
16 EI C'lon. North San O,.C' 
77 Cllul. VISta. l. lies •. 

Nltion.1 Cit, 
78 Mlssron VIlify. !'o,nt lom •. 

West Saft OItIO 
79 lI,t Sin Dleco. Downtown 
80 EsCOndido. l. loll •• 

OcunslClt 

S,,, , IOf 

AlfRED H SONG 

MERVYN M. OYMAltT 

LAWRENCE E WAlSH 

JAMES Q. WEOWORtH 

UVH C. DilLS 

JO mH M. KINNICK 

DINNIS CARPENtER 
IUtU I. WHITMORE 
W. CRAIIIIODLE 
1E0RtE OEUKMlJtAN 

10HN STULL 
JACK SCHUOE 
lAMES R. MtlLS 

" . ...,."""'.,, 

HARYEY JOHNSON 
ALAN SIUOlY 

PAUL P~IOlO 

HENRY A. WAXMAN 
NEWTON R. RUSSEll 

1U1iAN C. DIION 

ROIUT C. CLI NE 

fUNK HOLOIIAN 
JOE A. "HSAmS 
(V.callC,) 

VINcrNT THOMAS 

KlNNETH COaT 

~01E1T r UOMAII 

JO"N'. QUIMIT 
JURY llWIS 

WALTE. II. INUlLS 
UYMONO T. S£llEY 

101 WILSON 
WIOIE ' . DEDOE" 
llWlluCE itAPllOrr 

pUU R. CNACON 
(V.IOCr! 

(Wire or wrile: Siale Capitol Building. Sacramento 95814) 
(Phone: Area Code 916 445-4711) 

Page 9 Tuesday, May 15, 1973 Triton-Times 



AI Serious Review of a Wonderful Poetry Reading, 
o I Could Have Been More Entertaining but I 
chose Not to Be 

(note: THIS WAS WRITIEN FOR AND AT THE 
REQUEST OF THE NORTH STAR, but could 
not be printed because of a lack of space, 
because of a lack of money, because of 
admonistrative-administrative policies of 
UCSD, because of ... ) 

There might be no reason to review a good live poetry 
reading; the same one won't happen again, if you went 
you know how good it was, and if you didn't the review 
will-make you feel bad you missed it. The most a 
"good-or-bad" review could do is alert you to the fact 
that sometimes good readings occur. But a reading is 
an event which can evoke excitement, disagreement, 
and the need for analysis, and the Kathy Acker-Mel 
Freilicher reading given a few weeks ago (on 
Wednesday, April 25) made a powerful statement: that 
there is - or can be - s strong necessary relationship 
between sex, politics, and writing. The phrase "sexual 
politics" (or " political sexuality") comes to mind, but 
Mel and Kathy assumed (as I do) the fact that there is 
now no way of understanding sex that is not in some 
way political. Mel 's rather sentimental poetry didn 't 
make this assumption clear enough, but Kathy Acker's 
reading was a tour de force of - among other things -
sexual politics; much of her reading was from a 
"pornographic" novel she is now completing. 

But not everyone assumes the connection between 
sex and politics; even the people who suffer most from 
the connection - women and faggots - and who should 
be most able to understand it, sometimes do not. It is 
dangerous and frightening to acknowledge that your 
sexual role is a political fact, and those o ppressed 
sexually are often understandably bl ind. For example, I 
had a long talk outside of a gay male bar in San Diego 
with a law student from Canada who was dissatisfied 
with the state of Society in the States. He was arguing, 
or rather stating the problem, and his solution to it was 
an entirely legislative one. When I asked him whether 
that would change the attitude towards his homosex-
uality, both his own attitude and other people's, he 
said: 

How can politics have anything to do with 
what people do by themselves? My being gay 
has nothing at all to do with what I've 
described as wrong with this Society, and 
these wrongs can be dealt with politically, by 
changing the system. 

fun-slop 
shopping 
Artiques, books, candles, founta ins, iewelry, leather , macrame, 
paintings, pots-in fact, everything for the person who doesn 't 
have everything . 3780 Mission Blvd . in old Mission Beach. Phone 
488-3521. Mon . thru Thurs. 11 :30 am to 9:00 pm- Fri. 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm-Sun. 11 :30 am to 5:30 pm . 

YABYUm 
r ""'" NO TICKETS 

AT THE 
DOOR 

for 

IISorrow & 
tme Pity'! 

Tickets will be on sale 5/14-5/18 in UREY 
HAll TICKET OFFICE 12-5 Tues.-Thurs. 
& 12-4 Fri. 

The film is expected to Sell-Out prior to 
the evening of 5/19 - be sure to 
purchase your tickets in advance 

cpb 
Page 10Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

'eff Weinstein North Slar News Service 

Note that it is likely that the crummy bar where we 
were talking is the only place he would be open - or 
partially openl - about a significant part of himself. And 
note too that what he called "wrong with this Society", 
he described as the deadness, misplaced materialism, 
lack-love, greed, and emptiness of the "typical" 
American life (his idea of typical was an apparently 
white middle-class male America) I ask if which could 
be(he thought)eliminated through socialized medicine 
or something: He couldn't see that many aspects of 

"personal" relationships and attitudes and oppression 
are not only reflected in political institutions and 
perpetuated by them, but are the greatestmanifestation 
of political "reality" because they are political reality. 
When a male cop beats a pregnant woman worker to 
the ground because she is striking for living wages, is 
the System hitting her or is the man1 When a faggot is 
killed by some straight male "hippies" in a San Fran-
cisco park (happens all the time, folks, it just ain't 
reported) because of his "personal" appearance 
("what people do by themselves") is the System the 
murderer, or the straight men? What people "do by 
themselves" is critically important, particularly because 
people can change things. The women's movements 
and gay ovements have made this quite clear. Vision, 
the knowledge of possibility, is necessary for the 
beginning and continuation of personal/ political 
change, and, to quote an English professor who should 
use what he knows, " poetry in vision". 

THE PERSONAL IN THE POLITICAL 

For Mel Freilicher vision is apparently connected to 
tags of the personal past, and to the problem of leaving 
behind the incredibly tortuous restrictions and lies of 
Romantic love while keeping the love itself. It is also an 
att<!mpt to transcend loneliness. He uses the language 
of cliche - love at certain times is cliche, no1 - motown 
lyrics, N.Y. Jewish family banter, suburban slogan, 
advertising poetry. The voice in Mel 's poetry is his : 
descriptive, mildly witty, very parodic, sensitive to 
media language and rhythm, sentimental, sexually 
concerned (an understatementl, and sometimes gen-
tle. But his poetry raises problems; if he read his work 
ten years ago, it might have been called seff-i ndulgent , 
romantic, individualistic (problem : is that word good 
or bad?) because it could be understood as supporting 
ste reptypes which are now in question and basically 
either rejected or ignored (ie., my father didn't love 
me, my mother loved me too much, therefore I am a 
faggot) . But to say this now of Mel 's work would be 
cri ti ca lly and politically naive. Personal "truth" 
sometimes does overlap even false stereotypes, and 
often one's past vision of oneself - the young boy-girl 
yearning for love, and still "yearning" for the fulfill-
ment of that dependent formulaic ideal love - is 
created by the stereotypes (in songs, in books, in the 
expectations of other people). This past vision has to be 
articulatedso it can be understood and eliminated or 
transformed. The important thing is that the poetry 
should not reinforce mistaken concepts about love and 

Specilt Guell 511" 
SKILES AND 

HENDERSON 

FRIDAY. MAY 18.8:00 P.M. 
Tlcklll: 16.00. 5.00. 4.00 

On sale "rena Box Office, Bill Gamble ', Men's Stores, 
all Arena lickel Agencies 

WWJ 'III'" ' t1i'..:.:1 ' 
-

IJ'O.,.I AlmrA 

sex and politics (or anything else) in the process of 
making them clear. Most of Mel's work did not 
reinforce stereotypes of Romantic Love or loneliness; it 
faced them as danl!erous facts. 

Kathy and Mel's · reading was entitled "The Role of 
Sex In the Fascist Society", and knowing that, any 
expression of questionable sentiment in Mel's work 
can be (but not "must be") seen as commentary on the 
results of living in that (fascist) society. The title was a 
joke (Mel started the reading with the title, and then 
said something like "and that is all you're gonna hear 
about it") but we know it's no joke at all. Certainly ten 
years ago the letter to the draft board from his 
psychiatrist (a "found poem") would have been merely 
cute, but now it is a note of recognizably'sexual-
political irony, wryly funny, damning not only the 
expectations of the armed forces but those of the 
Psychiatrist Himself. The whole idea that a poet could 
read, at UCSD, poetry so honestly sexual (male-
homosexual) is a fact of some political importance. 

There were some things in Mel's part of the reading 
that didn't entirely "work"; the digressive piece of 
transcribed memoir of a Jewish man whose family was 
machine-gunned to death during WE II German oc-
cupation (anotheF "fou nd poem") was a personal 
statement of horror, but not of Mel's, and its real 
interest to me was in Mel's statement of his relationship 
as auditor and ghost-writer to the man whose recollec-
tions were so painful that he could not continue to 
voice them. I also heard, in some of Mel's poems, hints 
of an insensitivity to his audience or to the people in his 
poems. None of the poems was overtly sexist, but some 
of them spoke about fucking in a blunt objectifying 
male way, and women were satirized more than men, 
with a kind of obsessive pleasure in portraying their 
supposed suburban silliness; the "humore" there just 
wasn't necessary, and Mel should know as well as 
anyone that the response of prisoners to their prison is 
easily mocked, even by them. But the question here is : 
even if you can ask or demand the poet not to be sexist, 
can you can you require that of his poetry? If his poetry 
reinforces the sexism in its portrayal or structure, I 
think the answer is yes. But if the poetry must exhibit 
sexism in order to confront the problem, then you 
cannot rightly criticize it on the grounds of "bad 
politics". Mel, in his reading, did not use his woman-
parody to explain the reason for its being there; this is a 
little failure of his art, and therefore of his politics. But 
this failure is not generally true, and most of Mel's 
selections were the beginning of a process of exorcism 
of old emotions and destructive attitudes as well as a 
search for new ones. Some of the stuff he read will 
apear in his second book, aptly called The Personal and 
the Political 

THE POLITICAL IN THE PERSONAL 

-I'm 5'3" brown hair curling all over my face 
bright green eyes I'm 26 but my body's tough 
from dancing if you know what I mean - weill 
got bored doing a strip, well first, I got bored 
doing that Ph .D. shit and being frustrated 
professors' straight-A pet, especially being 
faithful to a husband who spent all his time 
dealing out poker hands; I left school, 
descened to the more interesting depths and 
became a strippper, even that finally bored 
me, so I decided , on my 26th birthday, to 
become the toughest detective alive. -This is 
the story about how I kept myself from being 
bored 

It is also the story of being a sexual woman, a writing 
woman, and a woman who has to make moeny, all in a 
world which makes - or politely asks - a woman to 
prosttute herself to do any or all of these things. That 
was the first paragraph of Ripoff Red: Girl Detective, 
and when Kathy Acker read it, it was obvious, even if 
you didn't know her, that the Girl Detective was none 
other than herself, or visa versa . Kathy prefaced this 
with the idea that the book's "artistic limitations" - the 
need for a story or narrative - were ones dictated by the 

, 

Continued on page 11 

CONTACT LENSES 
Trained Opticians in Fedco's 
Op!ical Depar!men! fill your 

Doc!or's prescription accurately, 
give full Ins!ructions on 
handling ~nd wearing 01 

contact lenses, and provide 
periodic inspections af!erwards . .. 

to insure a comfortable Ii! 
!o your eyes. Availabl 
in clear or various tints. 

AT FEDCO SAN DIEGO, 54th .. EUCLID 

A Servious Review ... 
fact that she 'was writing to sell. This would be a 
pornographic novel, and we should therefore excuse 
the long, mechanical, effective, and often hypnotically 
funny sexual passages. I don't think we are to believe 
that if she didn't need the money the sex wouldn't be 
there; Kathy Ackerlikes - loves -to write about sex. I 
can't quite make the connections, but it seems a 
wonderful planned coincidence that what Kathy writes 
abou t is life in a city, making it on the Streets, making it 
elsewhere, and selling your product. 

Kathy Acker's writing is very di;ectly about herself, 
for where Mel Freilicher uses the past as nostalgia to 
talk about the lust or loneliness or art of the present, 
Kathy accounts her past-fact , dream, and fantasy -and 
puts it in clear chanting prose. Even when there is a 
story to support - like the fantastic plot and digressions 
of her detective novel - it is obviously a product of her 
present voice . She says she is interested in fantasies, 
drea ms, and different concepts of "reality" (the one 
word which someone said is meaningless without 
quotes): 

(all this recited over the phone in discrete 
sentences, my paraphrasing) 
I'm interested in the Truth, and since I know 
myself better than anyone else that's where I 
go to find it. But I'll take anything anyone 
wants to give me. Marx pretty well talked 
about the economics of politics, the exchange, 
but no one has dealt with sex . That's what I'm 
interested in . I like the Underworld; so-called 
Normal people aren't normal, that's bullsh it, 
the Underworld people or robots . 
Un derworld people are aware of living 
through a fantasy or a dream . Politics is based 
on what the Truth is. I want to entertain 
people - no one reads poetry anymore -
everyone knows that - and people who write 
aren't exploiting the popular market. 

How is Kathy Acker's writing political? I know it is, 
although I'm not exactly sure how to describe why. Her 
first book, about sexual encounters, friends , and 
worki ng in a sex act in N.Y.C., is called Politics. Her 
work is powerful, artfu, sometimes really funny, and 
she is particularly aware of the patterns of the sexual 
marketplace. 'Part of Kathy's reading was from part of 
her past, which, when read, was funnier in context than 
it · might appear now: 

my father puts his arms around me you're my 
darling I'll always love you I respect you they 
don't respect you what the hell you talking 
about I'll always take care of you my 
honeybun sweetie starts sobbing he doesn't 
treat you properly I know you were here 
together in bed that's a lie I'll always love my 
little girl hugs me closer get your filthy hands 
off me no one treats you like I can do you fuck 
mother when people are our ages Kathy they 
no longer do that sort of mother's 40 can you 
get it up my little girl you always come home 
to me keep off me I'll never see you mommy 
again you shove fucking wedding I just want 
you to know you're loved 

This, in corrupt terminology, is trauma material 
(happens every day sociologists say) but it is here seen 
regorously, and with anger, so that the writer is no 
longer the victim . Kathy read this passage in a 
"professio nal" quick monotone, but it shifted rather 
su btley in and out of a more personal voice, as does her 
writi ng itself. It might have been amusing (this excerpt 
has a punch line) but it was also very affecting . 

And that leads me to what might be the most 
important part of this "analysis": the whole reading by 
Mel Freilicher and Kathy Acker was absolutely delight-
ful. The large audience was almost completely attentive 
(a rare thing for most readings) and was, I think , sorry it 
had to end . I should draw a moral extraction from this 
fact, something about good art being many things or 
politics being a living concern, but I won't, or can't. I 
might be Serious, but I'm no killjoy . I enjoyed their 
work tremendously. 

'171 timet a da,. Smile IWIY to Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose. Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And relum, can your campus rep or PSA and 18k 
aboul our easy·la-bear, low fin. 'IA ..... ,.. • 11ft. 

In Your Ear 
(Through microphone) 

Hello. You're in tune to 
KSDT's " In Your Ear." 
Known in the vernacular as 
the out sound from inside 
(in jest, of course), KSDT 
continues to offer its con-
ception of diverse 
programming . Inspired 
each day by the view out 
the window of the 
neighboring garbage cand 
and the local Doberman, 
our people spi n the 
proverbia l discs (w hether 
they be jazz, rock, blues, 
folk, soul, latin beats, 
ragas .. . ) deftly turn a 
phrase and discover new 
ways, each day, to astound 
the average (or better-
than-average) listener. 

In addition, 
"Megaphone " (special 
programming) continues 
to skyro~ket. In the coming 
weeks, our listeners will be 
favored with a four-part 
documentary on Wounded 
Knee, the continuing saga 
of Milo and the world of 
the Phantom Tollbooth , an 
exploration into the 
mystery of the mind and 
E.S.P., and beyond. (See 
the Megaphone listings for 
more info .. . ) 

Remember, please, that 
ISDT strives to represent 
our community. Therefore, 
if you know of or are in fact 
yourself, local talent 
(m usically, dramatically, pr 
in any respect) or if you 
wish to produce material, 
please don't hesit;:te to 
show yourself at Quonset 
314 and make yourself 
known over the air waves . 

Until next week, then, 
keep listening at 550 am 
(and more than likely 
bound for better 
things) ... ciaol (Signing 
off .. ) 

MEGAPHONE 
OFFERINGS 
May 15-24 

Tuesday, the 15th 
9PM 
" The Phantom Tollbooth" 
Parts 4 & 5 

Further adventures of a 
little boy named Milo who 
travelled far beyond the 
lands of Expectations. This 
week 's episodes are "The 
Roya l Banquet" and "It's 
All in How You Look At 

La Jolla 
.Shores 
Market 

22:;1) \ \ 4' f1ida 411' III Ph" a 
PhotH' : IW-:II();j . 

Groceri 
Produ 
Meat , 

Wine & 
Beer 

, 

Things ." (Produced by 
KSDT's chief engineer-
John Musselman) 
9:30 PM 
" An Analysis of Radio 
History" 

Produced by Steve 
Crouch (our very own 
Mu sic Direct or ). this 
program p rese nt s an 
analysis of the early forms 
of radio broadcasting. 
(Includes some excerpts 
from original programs ... ) 
Wednesday, the 16th 
9PM 
The Bea ver and Krause 
Radio Show - "All GC'od 
Men" 

An original blend of 
music, conversation, and 
philosophical thoughts sur-
rounding the theme of " All 
Good Men." From the 
studios of recording artists 
Beaver and Krause to you-
take a listen;you might 
hear a familiar voice or 
two ... 

Thursday, the 17th 
9PM 
Cinco de Mayo Revisited: 
The Speeches of Corky 
Gonzales and Cesar 
Chavez 

As part of the Cinco de 
Mayo celebrations, KSDT 
covered the addresses 
given by Rudolfo "Corky" 
Gonzales of the Denver 
based Crusads for Justice 
and Cesar Chavez, the 
legendary farmworkers' 
union organizer . 
(Produced by Denis Her-
nandez, Nacho Flores, and 
Linda Clark. ) 
Friday, the 18th 
6:00 
John Dow Show 
9PM 
"/'m Not a Nut, Elect Me" 

The final portion of our 
Friday night lenny Bruce 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MUAPHY 

series. 
Saturday, the 19th 
6:00 PM 
"The Roots of American 
Music" 
8:00PM 
" The Shape of Things to 
Come" 

"The Shape ... " is a 
brand-new feature on 
KSDT. It is a college of 
ll1usic, poetry, existential 
thoughts-a total concept to 
untangle your head after a 
long and hard week of 
academics. Mike Smith will 
lead you on your way to 
cosmic rel ief. 
Sunday, the 20th 
9PM 
" The Road to Wounded 
Knee : Conditions at Pine 
Ridge" 

The first of our four-part 
series on the struggles of 
the Native Americans, thes 
program features an inter-
view with Carter Camp, 
one of the founders of AIM 
(American Indian 
Movement) , and with Ver-
non Belcourt (via phone 
from Rapid City , South 
Dakota), National Director 
of AIM . Produ ce d b y 
K PFA-Pacifica Berkeley. 
Monday, the 21st 
9PM 
" The Road to Wounded 

Knee : The Chronology of 
Events" 

This segment includes 
statements by Dennis 
Banks , Carter Camp , 
William Kunstler, Meredith 
Quinn and Russell Means, 

discussing the chronology 
of events lead ing up to the 
occupation of Wounded 
Knee. (Pacifica Program 
Service) 
Tuesday, the 22nd 
9PM 
" The Road to Wounded 
Knee : Hi story and 
Philosophy of AIM people 
and peop le from White 
Cloud Lodge in Oakland. 
(Pa cifica) 
Wednesday, the 23ed 
9PM 
" The Road to Wounded 
Knee : The U.N.A. Perspec-
r;ve N 

UNA (United Native 
America ns) was the first 
national o rganization of 
native Americans in the 
U.S. lehman Br ightman, 
Founder and nat ion al 
president of UNA, 
travelled to Wounded 
Knee in early March, to 
express the support of 
UNA for the AIM members 
who occupied Wounded 
Knee. Following his trip, he 
returned to California and 
the UCSD campus to 
educate people about the 
real struggles at Wou nded 
Knee and what those 
struggles represent. 
(Produced for KSDT and 
teh Pacifica Program Ser-
vice by Jerry Owyang and 
Linda Clark.) 
Thursday, the 24th 
6 PM-2AM 
Chicano Cultural Program-
ming with Dennis Her-
nandez and Nacho Flores. 

.... -
-~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~ 

4 

~ 
• The ~ 
• Hairstylists 

• 
~ 

Summertime Haircuts For 
Guys & Girls 

Shampoo Cut & Blower Dry 
$7.50 

With Student Body Card 
$5.00 

7463 Girard (behind Shirtales) 459-8229 
_ ... _ .. _ ... 

_ .. _ .. --- ...... ---

western Slate 
un"versity 
co lege 
01 aw 
01 san diego 

Is now accepting 
men and women who 
have a minimum of 
Two Years of 
College Credits 
(60 units). 

AI EIII*t IIstItItiM 'II' 
r • .., IIsn SIt ... t IfIIS. 

Graduates are 
eligible to take 
the California 
State Bar 
Examination. 

Preliminary 
Approval granted 
by the California 
Committee of 
Bar Examiners. 

The Degree of 
Ll.B or J.D. can 
be eamed in 4 
Years of Part-
time Classes. 
(Tint cllsm '" 
.... If tnt iIIIrs 
la). 

Call or Write Today for more Information or Catalog. 
he Western State University 3uilding 

133::1 Front Street. San Diego, 92101 
(714) 2326505 

1 

4 
1 
4 

Page 11 Tuesday, May 15, 1973 Triton Times 

t 

~ 
~ 
• 



s 
u 
p 

T-Shirts .............. Reg. 3.95 Now1 •• 
Lab Coats . . . . • . . . . . . . . Reg. 5.85 Now a." 
Records . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71% off ..... price 
Ladles Polyester Gym Wear 

Shorts .... . ........ Reg. 4.75 Now 1.00 

P 
L 

Shirts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Reg. 6.25 Now 3.00 
Garment Bags . . . . . . . . . . . Reg. 5.75 Now 4.00 
Vinyl Rlngbinders & Folders . . . . . . . . . . .10% off 

I 
E 
S 

DISCOUNT 
ON ALL 

MERCHANDISE 
EXCEPT BOOKS 

CLASSIFIED AS 1 XT 
OR REFERENCE, 

SALE ITEMS, AND 
CALCULATORS. 
(FOUR DAYS ONLY, 

MAY 15th THRU MAY 18) 

Page 12 Triton Tim s Tu sday, May 15, 1973 

Elegance 
Filler Paper . . . . . . . . . . . Reg . . 55 Now .30 

Artist Canvas (yd.) ......... Reg. 2.50 Now 1.25 
Selected Bond Typing Paper 

100 Pack ... .. . ...... Reg. 1.70 Now.50 
500 Pack ............ Reg. 6.95 Now 2.25 

From Leading University 
and Commercial 
Publishers. Ann Arbor 
and Yale Prell - Ancbor. 
Beacon. Dell. Meridian. 
Dover. Harper Torcb Book 
and many otbers. 

Hurry while the selection is good! 

DLES • SEALING WAX & SEALS 
ATiONERY • MAN)' GIFT ITEMS 500/0 ott 

EAKlE TOYS. VINYL TOTES 

BEGINS 
TUESDAY 

MAY 
15 

PRIZES! 
PRIZES! 
PRIZESr 
PRIZES! 
PRIZES' 

Z 

PRIZES 
ON 

DISPLAY 
, ATTHE 

BOOKSTORE 

Page 13 TtJesday, May 15, 1973 Triton Tim 



We Believe the BEST 
$200 Sys anywhere! • ADC- CROWN 

• DUAL - DYNACO 
• GARRARD 

• GRADO 
JANSZEN 

(electrostatic) 
• KOSS - MARANTZ 

• MAXELL 
• MIRACORD 

• PHASE LINEAR 
• PHILIPS 

• QUINTESSENCE 
IT 'tOOK US 2 YEARS TO SPECIAL • RABCO. REVOX 

• SENNHEISER PUT TOGETHER A SYSTEM AT THE WE COULD REALL Y RECOMMEND ~iOUND co. 
IN THIS PRICE RANGE $20995 TOTAL LIST $336.70 . 

You mUlt h.or it to beli.". it! 

• SHURE· SONY 
• TANDBERG 

HOURS: 
MON.-FRio 12-9 

SAT. 10-5 

SUN. 12-5 
(Col"" Stml 

The best selection 
of top qUllity 
nlme brand 

stereo components 
In Sin Diego 

Iiong with the 
lowest prices 

non -commissioned 
sllesmen who 

Ire there to hllp, 
not pressure you. 

TRY AND BEAT THIS FOR $30000 
~ 

~ 
II~J~M~~t~.~ .;~?~ 

The SHERWOOD S-7050 Receiver is the most 
powerful in its price class with unsurpassed FM 
Stereo ~ection . The top-rated ADC-303AX's are 
one of the most natural speaker systems 
around. GARRARD'S 408 turntable when 
coupled with GRADO'S F.C.R. cartridge will re-
produce all your records have to offer at 
only 2 grams of pressure. 

Retail List Price ... $461 .35 
SPECIAL AT THE SOUND CO. 

Total Aural Orgasm 
SOUND COMPANY LUCK, BUYING POWER AND CORPORATE 
BELLIGERANCE HAS ENABLED US TO BRING YOU THE BEST 
SUPER-SYSTEM VALUE IN THE WORLD. 

MIRACORD 
620U 

NIKKO 
1101 

Retail $81865 
List Pr,ce 

COLLEGI STORE 
4701 College Ave. 

1 BLK. NO. OF El CAJON BLVD. 
582-4148 

CLAIREMONT STORE 
4218 Convoy St. 

1 BLK. SO. OF BALIOA 
565·7711 

The Janszen electrostatics are un-
believable. they have the flatests 
frequency response and lowest 
amount of distortion of speakers 
costing 3 times as much. The NIKKO 
1101 space receiver has superb FM. 
a strong amplifier and great control 
flexibility. The Miracord 620U turn-
table Is exemplary West German 
quality. Included is a shure M91 ED 
hi-track elliptical cartridge. A true 
blow your wad system. 

Speclilit the $499951 
Hnd Co. • 

Page 14 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

FEIFFER 
~6S . 
1e{l. 
I 

PtTC. 
/ 

) 

tJO, r 170NT 1f2OST 
PeTe: Ht5 6lJVIOOS. 

\ 
~1'5 . 
/ 

00 J ~Ale [7CR(S. 
5liS CEPRe5~1l)6, 

\ 
, <IOU· 

/ 

Verdi in San Diego 
The San Diego Symphony Orchestra Association will 

present a concert performance of Giuseppe Verdi's 
"Otello" in the San Diego Civic Theatre June I. 
Metropolitan Opera tenor James McCracken in the 
title role. Teresa Stratas will sing the role of Desdemona 
and baritone Cornell McNeil will sing lago. 

According to Philip A. Whitacre, General Manager of 
the San Diego Symphony Orchestra, the gala perfor-
mance will mark the orchestra's entrance into the ranks 
of those orchestras which have achieved major 
symphony orchestra status. flOur orchestra ," com-
mented Whitacre, "is the first to achieve thia status in 
six 'years and this concert performance of , Verdi's 
masterpiece with its cast of Metropolitan Opera 
superstars is an opportunity for the entire music loving 
community to celebrate the honor with us ... 

Peter Eros will conduct the performance which will 
be sung in Italian and will feature the San Diego Opera 
chorus under the direction of fred Rigby. John Sandor 
will sing Cassio and Steve Covington who appeared 
with the San Diego Symphony Orchestra in last week's 
performance of Dvorak's "Stabat Mater" will sing the 
role of Roderigo . 

Tickets for ' Otello" are priced at $5, $15, $25 and $30 
and are availabel at the Symphony office and at the 
Civic Theatre box office May 21st. All tickets are 60% 
ta x decuctible. Curtain time for the performance will 
be 8 p.m. 

Fit m Festival 
Califo rn~a State University at San Diego will premiere 

a film festival of student-produced films Wednesday. 
May 16. 

An evening of short subjects, dramatic features, and 
documentaries will begin at 8 p.m. Montezuma Hall. 
Aztec Center, under the sponsorship of the depart-
ment of telecommu nications and film and the Cultural 
Arts Board. 

Many of the films have won awards and one film is 
currently in national theater distribution. The produc-
tl.ons were supervised by Dr . Roy P. Mdsen 
cmematograpner at CSU, San Diego. 

The program is as follows: Edgar Allen Poe's "An-
na?el lee" narrated by Vincent Price, Glenn K. 
Shimada, Scott Noble and Don Hale producers; "When 
Rainbo ws End" a dramatic ·feature shot on a 
Hollywood sound stage by Paul Jozwickl, lee Marshall, 
and Tony O 'Donnell : "Sometimes We feel ," life on a 
Cocopa h Indian reservation, Bill Maheras, producer ' 
and "Orphans of the Wild," a short documentary o~ 
Pat and Ted Derby's ranch for abandoned animals, Jan 
Sha.w and Randy Harvey producers. 

Films also include "UDT ISeal" a short on U.S. Navy 
underwater training in Coronado, Rick Roessler 
produce~; "liquid light," a mood piece of light, color 
and musl.c, Bill Maheras producer; "Soft Shoe Finale," 

~ dram~tlc featurette; and "Under ground Film" a day 
In the lIfe of a young woman filmmaker, Paul Marshall 
producer. 

Festival coordinator and graduate film student Paul 
Jozwicki sa.id, "We feel an annual showing of 
well made films benefits the community in entertain-

~ent, the students in recongnitlon, and the university 
In academic excellence. 
th "Ou~ hope is that the festival will grow Into an event 

at Will attract national stature a place where we 
exhibit films by student cil'lematographers from various 
parts of the United States." 
f A?misslc:>n. for Cal State students, faculty and staff is 
ree, admiSSion for public is $1. 

miffinanntf 11 
Ir.taurant - .lkltrUftt 
Eo.~'r &taft anb ltaitan 

69110 ........ III .. " LI JoIl. ~!9-UJ3 
Open 7 day~ a week. Mon .-Sa:. " " ' . Sun. 9:JO.tO 

On the Green 
The Ontario Motor Speedway will be the scene of its 

first-ever rock concert on May 27, when promoter Bill 
Graham presents the Grateful Dead, the Allman 
Brothers and Waylon Jennings in"A Happening On the 
Green." 

The all-day event, scheduled for the Memorial Day 
weekend Sunday, will start at 8 a'm', and run until 5:30 
p.m. 

A crowd of 150,000 is expected for the event and 
elaborate security measures have already been :aken 
by the San francisco-based Graham. 

California Highway Patrol, sheriff's department and 
local police will have road checks within five miles of 
the B~g 0 track, to insure only those cars with special 
car Slickers and concert tickets will be allowed in that 
vicinity. 

The Speedway itself, located about 30 miles from 
downtown Los Angeles immediately mm the San Ber-
naridno Freeway, has high fe nces and special tunnel 
entrances, built specifically to deter would-be crashers. 
Police and security guards will be stationed around the 
entire facility. 

The marathon concert will have a $7.50 advance 
ticket price. 

The speedway parking lot can hold 50,000 cars, and 
there are ample access roads to the track. 

The D~d usually perform alone in concert, spending 
at least 2V2 hours on stage for a normal show. for the 
Ontario Motor Speedway the Dead will stage a 
marathon concert for their fans. 

Song of the Wolves 
The wolfman stalks againl Friday, May 18, at 8:30 in 

409 Matthews Campus, by the light of the full moon 
the furred creature of the night strikes once more. Ala~ 
Johnson, of the UCSD Music Department stars as "The 
Wolfman " in Robert Ashley's spectacle of the same 
name .. P~)5Sibly the loudest piece ever written, Ashley's 
score IS In the chamber music trad ition But we regard 
it more as grand opera", to quote John~on . The work is 
part of "live Elect!onic Music-Hard-a presentation by 
the UCSD MUSIC Department using electronics 
theatrics, and volume. lots of it. ' 

Appearing with the Wolfman will be Peter Gordon's 
Machomusic One. This master-piece has been called 

~y one c~itic, : "A complex, multi-dimensional explora-
tion of timbres through linguistic compositional con-
structs, requiring a reconciliation of meditation 
tech.iniques with serial expository proceedures, and 
sentlc cycles research with Polish experimental string 
technique." Composed in Paris in 1965, while the 
composer was on sabbatical, the piece is dedicated to 
Rene leibowitz, Ernst .Krenek, Bernard Rogers, Rober-
to Gerhard, Ross lee Finney and luigi Dallapiccola. The 
concert is free and open to the public. 

Concert Express 
Bob Eubanks' Concert Express and KSON Radio will 

present "The Country Superstars": George Jones, Tam-
my Wynette, Sonny James and Tom T. Hall in concert at 
the San Diego Sports Arena on Friday, May 25 at 8 p.m. 

Sonny James, dubbed The Southern Gentleman, has 
a phenomenal string of number one records in the 
music business. Starting with his first hit in 1957, " First 
Date, first Kiss, first Love", he has had an un-
precedented string of over 21 number one songs. 

He spends countless hours perfecting his skills as an 
entertainer, and his backup group, "The Southern 
Gentlemen", is trained, tailored and rehearsed by him 
personally. James is a combination of talent, ability, 
eagerness to work and to achieve, but not too big to 
listen to others'advice. 

He has appeared on the Ed Sullivan Show, "Hee 
Haw", Johnny Cash Show and the lennon Sisters Show. 

Personal Realism 
. Seventy-seven paintings and drawings by Robert 

VICkery are featured in an exhibition at the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego, through July 8. This exhibition is 
coml?rised of. loans from a number of private and 
publiC colieclI<?ns ~nd was organized by William E. 
St~adman, University Art Museum, University of 
Arizona. 

R?bert Vickrey's painting is of the realist school. A 
meticulous and skillful painter, his works are con-
cerned with tactile problems, the textu re of brick walls 
of .rock and snow, of flesh and cloth. Recent work~ 
emph.a.size an interest in shadow and light. The Jux-
tap?sltlon of dark and bright offers striking patterns 
w.hlch '7nvelop forms ~nd figures in arrested poses. 
Vlckey IS represented In many public collections in-
cluding the Metrc~politan Museum of Art, the Whitney 
Museum of Ameri can Art, the Virginia Museum of Fine 
Arts a~d the New Britain Museum, Many private 
collections also have representative examples of his 
work. 

Psychology of 
Officiati ng 

Hlnn." Cohen 
Bob Moss, an Assistant Supervisor in 

the UCSD Physical Education Depart-
ment, is currently developing a proposal 
that will establish a sizable grant for the 
purpose of d~veloping his " Psychology 
of Officiating" course into a new and 
exciting course of student financial aid. 

UCSD is the only school in the country 
which has a program that trains students 
in the art of officiating and has students 
act as officials in varsity games. Dr. 
Forbes, chairman of the UCSD Physical 
Education Department, is very pleased 
with the program because the program 
" is returning sports back to the kids." 

So far this year students from the 
course who acted as officals at baseball 
and basketball games have earned a 
combined total of $2,000. These students 
met twice a week with Moss in the 
physical education classroom where 
they developed a more positive outlook 
towards their offiCiating and other daily 
endeavors, and were given instruction 
on the proper use of officiating 
mechanics and how to effectively ad-
minister basketball and baseball rules. 

Students who have and will take part 
in the program will ha ve a chance to 
officiate, UCSD intramural leagues, 
UCSD vars i'ty baseball games, off cam-
pus high school basketball games, off 
campus municipal league games, UCSD 
and off campus wrestling matches and 
UCSD and off campus volleball games. 
The program will also create several 
non-officiating positions. 

The major emphasis of the course is 
directed towards providing students 
with a positive mental attitude; through 
exposure to the dynamics of self motiva-
tion. 

Moss is currently looking for in-
terested people to take part in the 
program this summer; since officials will 
be needed to officiate twenty-one 
baseball games this summe r. These 
students will have a chance to earn from 
$70 to $90 du ring the summer. 

DISCOUNTS FOR UCID STUDENTSI 
- 10" off on partS INSTAllED -

LEVit 

3J 0 ~ n '!l FONi., C., Service 
COMPLETE MACHINE SHOP 

7V Pewl St. · u Jon., Calif. 92037 
469..eooe 

MALE A-' UNIQUE . IMPULS. 
0000000 

BOOYKDVERS 
o 0 ·. 0 0 0 (, 0 

KENNINGTON .RATIN 

STRATFORO aQUAIU 

I. C •• 'Del """ 1>tt 111M. Caa6. 92014 
755-3557' 

LUVE 'N'ITU'F 

Page 15 Tuesday, May 15, 1973 Triton Times 



McLeod 

Photos : Malcolm Smith 

Page 16 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

Introducing: The · 
Magnificent M agical · 

Mime &Music Machine 
Don Maker 

A YGung Lady I know (who is reportedly associated 
with the UCSD People's Drama Party, and subsequently 
shall remain nameless, to be referred to throughout 
this article as "The Young Lady") got me stoned one 
night, and we wound up at a local Den of Iniquity 
known to underground freaks as "The Main Gym." I 
proceeded to halucinate a psychotic Plastic Man who 
was controlled by a sadistic machine vaguely 
resembling a moog synthesiser. Aslo pounding through 
my fantasy was a caveman having an orgasm on a set of 
drums and an e lectrica ll y charged guitarist doing his 
own thing, all of this producing a wierd and powerful 
effect on the aroused a wierd and powerful effect on 
the aro used group of worshippers assembled there. 

It was obviously some sort of religious ceremony, 
proba bly celebrating the fertility rites of one of the 
Gods of Hedonism : Bacchus, Pan, or Hugh Hefner. Not 
being a particularly devout person, I was at first 
inclined to scoff, which soon developed a sore throat 
and a tic in my left eye. Perhaps it was merely 
something in the air. The pervading attitude of piety, 
howeve r, gradually penetrated my drug-clouded mind 
(or what passes for one in my case), and I opened my 
heart to receive The Word. Hopefully not obscene. 

Still unsure as to whether Plastic Man was an 
hallucination or a High Priest (or is the correct term 
"Head" Priest?), I carefully observed his gqrations, 
determined to discover what in hell (or whatever) was 
going on. Naturally, I failed magnificently, not being 
into that sect known throughout the uncivilized world 
as Mime Addicts. Some of the rites were mime classics, 
such as " A Day In The Park," some were original, such 
as one based on a combination of concepts in Nature 
and Modern Technology called "The Pay Toilet." Being 
an ignorent novice to the faith , as I said, I was sadly 
lacking in understanding. . 

Wishing to comprehend this Perfecti's secrets, I 
firmly resolved to follow the Hallucination to whatever 
exotic wonderland he might abide in, and there seek 
Wisdom. Through the machinations of that omniscient 
organization, EDNA, I tracked the elusive creature to 
his lair, a pink house in the forbidden jungle of 
Hillcrest. To prepare myself for this dangerous visit, I 
girded my loins (what?) with a freshly starched pair of 
levis, ten tranquillizers, and my personal pocket bible, 
"Quotations of Chairman LBI ." 

To my great relief, Don McLeod (I have yet to 
unearth his true identity) was really quite a normal, 
average Mimist. Having recently completed a moving 
portrayal of a micro-wave for a micro-wave oven 
exhibition at the Community Concourse, he was 
searching for a more mea'lin gful role. No doubt as a 
stubborn brick being attacked by a demented karate 
expert, which art he is strangely fascinated by. The 
Young Lady (who conveniently accompanied me as 
body guard and .baby sitter) offered to trade karate 
lessons for those of mime, and this unholy pact was 
shortly sealed in blood. 

Mcleod matriculated through a series of theatrical 
asylums, including the Pasadena Playhouse (I shall 

t~stef~ lIy refrain from enla rging upon this blatantly 
!Icentlous establishment, which has since been turned 
Into ~ respectable massage parlour) , and San Diego's 
Own mfamous "School of Performing Arts," who wisely 
do not advertise what arts they perform. He studied 
under such worthies as Richmond Shepard and 
Tchouky (pronounced " Chookee") Mattei, who are 
both obnOXiously talented. Miss Mattei is the former 
partner of Marcel Marceau, whomever he might be. 
From such humble beginnings, Don Mcleod has gone 
to become a rumor in his own time. 

"Mcleod" (the group) consists of Jim Sullivan, Jake 
Welsh, and Ed Van Fleet. They (the " they" referred to 
are not the mysterious bete noire of politicians and 

ed~cators, but the me mbers of " Mcleod") play a 
variety of instruments, including (Jake) organ and 

~oog synthesiser, (Ed) lead and bass, (JIm) drums, and 
a I do vocals. They use such visua l effects as screen 
prOj. c tions, wild lighting, fog machines, small ex-
p OSlves and smoke devices (which come in handy ~h n dealing with bellicose audiences). Don McLeod 
a so do a little mime upon occasion. 

. Th~ (same. " they") have performed in a variety of 
Situations, With appropriately different mooddes. They 
have do~e Classical Mime wearing tuxes, doing 
o~chest rat lonal-type music (meaning drums muted 
With clean rags) for an appreciative audience of Stuffed 

~hirts and Dresses, most of whom appeared remarkably 
hf.e-Ilke. As at UCSD, they have also accompanied Don 
with rock and psychedelic sounds (which registered 
three point two on the Richter Scale) for a jazzed group 
of .. . well, you know what people at UCSD look like. 
Don also teaches mime classes at SPA and while on tour 
to a fanatical handful of Mime Addicts, and God knows 
what they look like. 

"The Mime Machine" has played everything from 
high schools to television all over the country, and 
been billed with a variety of acts from animal-imitating 
comedians to Boz Scaggs. They have stolen the show 
from such name acts as Fleetwood Mac and Ballin ' Jack, 
and on their own have drawn crowds (In Balboa Park) 
in the vicinity of two thousand. Don didn 't say if it was 
two thousand birds, ants, or what. Many peopple have 
shown interest in managing their act, including San 
Diego's Jim Pagni (who mismanaged them for a few 
weeks), and the people who manage Loggins and 
Messina, who can't figure out what to do with 
"McLeod." 

' With such talented people as "Mcleod" employs, 
the originality and beauty of their act, and the past 
record of success and popularity described in their 
press clippings, why the hell isn't " Mcleod" one of the 
most demanded groups in show business? Perhaps it is 
because of the very uniqueness that has mesmerized 
and impressed the people who have witnessed 
" McLeod" live. Mime is one of the most highly 
structed but little known aspects of theatre. Having 
taken the present trend of music towards visualization 
to an unprecedented level, "Mcleod" is having to play 
the pioneer and create a new audience for its new 
medium. 

Or perhaps the answer is much simpler, lying in the 
backgrounds of the members of "Mcleod". Don got 
off to a bad start in life for a Rock Star, having come 
from a normal American famil y (if any can be con-
sidered " normal") with few monetary problems, had a 
relatively happy childhood, and his parents understood 
him. One strike against them. Last weekend Jim shaved 
off his beard, cut his ha ir, put on a suit, got married, 
and at this very moment is probably hom!mooning at 
the lovely Sheridan-Hilton in beautiful downtown 
Tijuana. Strike two. Ed, the newest addition to the crew, 
is from Arizona and enjoys country music. Need I make 
the call? 

Jake is what might be considered the odd-ball of the 
group. At an early age he was committed to the 
Peabody Conservatory for the Mentally Ultra-Sane, and 
escaped one dark, stormy night with all of his in-
struments in a beer truck (regretably empty at the 
time). While on his journey to The Promised Land he. 
stopped in the Grand Canyon. It was while there that 
he had a vision brought on by massive amounts of 
fasting, meditation, and acid . His vision gave him the 
idea that would bring depth and movement to rock 
music, enrich art and humanity, give meaning to his 
life, and line his pockets with lucre. 

With these beautiful thoughts in his mind, Jake once 
more set off for The Promised Land, got lost, and came 
to San Diego, where he met Don McLeod. When I first 
met Don he was doing classical mime at the School of 
Performing Arts with no accompaniment. When lake 
firs t met Don, a couple of years later, he couldn't figure 
out what he was doing, but knew that he wanted to 
help him do it. lake still does not know what "McLeod" 
is doing (Don says he doesn 't either) but' they sure 
enjoy it. 

One of the things they are attempting to do is to 
contact demons and hopefully Satan himself, and 
manifest them on stage. In a "mini-rock-opera" called 
"Hezekijah Fegan" there is a chant involking Satan to 
appear, and one witness claims to have seen him 
during this part of the act, perhap with the aid of a tab 
of Sunshine he had dropped. Jake has his doubt, and If 
lake didn't see it, it wa n't there . 

One of the visions (not hallucinations) lake and Don 
have had was in Mendocino, where they occaSionally 
go "for inspiration ." They were acid-tripping in a cow 
pasture one night when a couple of guys who do the 
lighting, when a large object flew overhead, split into 
four parts, and landed in formation around them. At 
this point, Don, lake and friends also split in four 
different dirrections. Don landed in a ditch, Jake did a 
perfect swan-dive into the cow's water trough, one of 
the light ing men was hung up on some barbed wire, 
and the other has not been heard from since. However, 
a new Prophet had been seen in the area predicting the 
end of the world in the past tense. 

From these advantageous positions they heard noises 
which convinced them that visitors from another 
planet were investigating the area . Or that they were 
among uncontented cows. From this experience, lake 
is writing a new piece with Don acting the part of the 
unearthly visitors. It will undoubtedly be more exciting 
than being a micro-wave. "For sure!" as Don would 
say. 

Despite their past aversion to success "Mcleod" is 
gradually catching fire, possibly due to the new plast ic 
explosives lake has been experimenting with . They will 
be doing a gig at "The Starwoodd' in Los Angeles May 
23 through 29, if you happen to be in the city. Having 
cerebral deficiencies and masochistic tendencies, I will 
be there to take in the show, gas mask in hand, and 
pace-maker set to go in case the excitement is too 
much for me. 

This Fall "Mcleod" will probably be doing some 
concerts with Loggins and Messina, and have tentat ive-
ly planned a tour o f colleges and un iversitites for next 
year. It is hoped that they will do another show at 
UCSD, if Ronald Reagan's budget and the current 
policy of excitement over extra-curricular activities 
don't obliterate us from existence. They also want to 
tour Europe (with special attention given to the wine 
and beer brewery centers) and Japan (to study Kabuki 
theatre in its natural habitat) within the next few years, 
perferably before they are too old to enjoy it. Whatever 
that might mean. 

" Mcleod" has many more innovative and exciting 
plans for their future. I would say that they are a 
fantastic group and that they have every ingredient for 
success, except for one nagging worry : I am still not 
sure they are not hallucination. The Young Lady does 
not know what they are trying to do, but digs them 
none the less. The entertainment world does not know 
what they are trying to do, or if they are for real. Their 
present agent does not know what they are doing and 
if they are for real. "Mcleod" is not sure what they are 
trying to do, but tell me that one thing is certain: they 
are for real, and they are going to make it big someday. 
for sure. 

Theater/ Don Maker 

The Boy Friend 
"The Boyfriend" is a play to be done just or the fun 

of it. A musical comedy spoofing boarding schools that 
turned out Perfect Young Ladies at the turn of the 
century, it can be quite charming if done with the 
proper spirit. Mesa College puts out all of the spirit one 
could desire. 

Director Arthur Noll has produced a fast, gaudy 
spectacle. The set is bright and imaginative, and the 
costumes are colorful and effective. Although the 
choreography is very simple, it is improved by the 
energy and enjoyment of the cast, which is sustained 
throughout the show. 

The performers make up in enthusiasm what they 
might lack in talent. For the most part, the singing is 
good. Some of the standouts of the cast were Janice 
Deck as Polly Browne, Deborah House as Madame 
Dubonnet, Nigel Babar as Bobby, and Suzanne Noll as 
Maise. All of these had very pleasant voices; Mr. Baber 
in particular, who also showed promise as a dancer. 

However, the unquestionable favorite of the 
audience was a lecherous, elderly, gentleman called 
lord Brockhurst, exuberantly portrayed by R. Gary 
Erwin. Fortunately, it is difficult to ov ~ r-play a comedy 
role in a farce of this nature, because VIr. Erwin played 
his part to the max. He was given a great deal of 
assistance by a young lovely named Kathy Scofield, 
otherwis known a Dulcie Th DeVine. Don Heller 
also had humorous moments as P rival I'rownp: 
Polly's stuffed-shirt (and stuffed bank account) father. 

"The Boyfriend" is an enjoyable way to spend an 
evenin , and will b available for consumption as an 
after-dinn r snack again May 18 and 19. Plea e note the 
dining hours of th Apolliad Theatre of Mesa College. 
It i not r commended for tho e in th mood for ome 
really h avy th atre. 

Pa~e 17 Tuesda 1M Y 15, 1973 TritQIJ Times 
I or r J .. t.! .,1 t' ~ I I 101 1 . ' . ' {j 



Presen ting Something 
New In"'Baseball 

If by chance you 
happened to drop by the 
baseball f ie ld this year 
when the team was playing 
a game (yes we do have a 
base ball team and a 
baseball field ) you would 
have noticed some rather ' 
different looking men , in ' 
brightly, colored shirts, red 
suspenders, black pants 
and charcoal caps . No, 
these men were not the 
players but a group of 
students turned umpires. 
This year UCS D par-
ticipated in an experiment 
using only umpires that 
were students at UCSD. 

The experiment was un-
dertaken only because of a 
man the students know as 
"the moser" . Bob Moss is 
not only a 'man with ideas 
but a man with the courage 
and positive attitude to 
carry them out. Bob, a 
veteran umpire, who had 
work as a professional um-
pire, came to the depart-
ment with idea that the 
students, given the proper 
training could handle the 
officiating for all the home 
games this year. Not only 
would this possibly save 
the school some money 
but it would also allow the 
students to earn some extra 
money . 

Five students started in 
the program, Eli Curtis, Gi-
deon Young, Chris 

Do\ovotown 
Di~ount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

Enjoy lo \:al , personal 
seni t'e for all 

your ca mera need . 

Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A Specialist In 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

Henderson, Dave Phillips 
and Jim Sheffield. Bob 
didn't have much time to 
get the students ready for 
the opening game against 
USD, but his confidence 
and enthusiasm wa s 
enough to set his students 
on fire. So after a couple of 
weeks of intensive training 
the Mosser, Dave and Jim 
took the field in their new 
uniforms. As they walked 
to the plate you could hear 
some mumbling and a cat-
call or two from the USD 
bench . Even the UCSD 
tea m, seeing the uniforms 
for the fi rst Ii me were a 
little skeptical. 

For Bob more was riding 
on the ability of the 
students than just the 
game. When he walked on 
the field he knew that the 
Umpires' Association in 
San Diego would ban him 
for working with the 
students and not Associa-
tion members. Also on the 
line was Bob's reputation 
because it was his word 
that the students could do 
a good job that that had 
caused the program to be 
approved . The game 
proved that "The Mosser" 
was right again, the 
coaches and players 
agreed that the umps had 
done one hell of a job. 

The same guys who 
earlier were - giving the 
cat calls were now saying 
how great the uniforms 
looked and how great it 
was to see something new: 
One player's comment 
summed it up best, that 

"When you dress lik 

that you've got to be 
good." 

The n ext weekend 
brought a double header 
and the debut of Chris, Eli, 
and Gideon, with Jim and 
Gideon behind the plate, 
"the Mosser" at first in 
both games and Chris and 
Eli at third . Once aga in a 
fine job was done and the 
program was roll ing. The 
next week two more 
students were ildded, Pete 
and Tom. They also proved 
" the Mosser" correct as 
they both turned in some 
fine performances. 

There was some criticism 
and some praise. An exam-
ple of this was the first 
game as the head of the 
San Diego Umps Associa-
tion thought the game was 
a travesty while a man from 
the Padre Organization 
thought such a good job 
was done that he even 
talked to Bob about some 
of the umps possibl y 
traveli ng to Arizona to of-
ficiate some minor league 
grapefruit games . Both 
men saw the same game 
yet both came away with 
different viewpoints . 
Looking back it was a good 
season, some money was 
made but best of all a 
program was started and 
some students learned that 
you don't have to be forty 
with a crewcut and beer 
belly to be an ump. All of 
this is due to a man who 
believes in a positive at-
titude and making ideas 
come true, so to " the 
Mosser", thanks. You may 
not always be right, but 

' re ~er 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
56000 COUPLE 

(boy-gir/) 

ALL EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCE PT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

Page 18 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

Tritons Travel To 
Intramural Showcase 

Party. The All-Call Intramural teams 
did a lot of playing, a lot of competing, 

. but basically they did alot of partying. I 
mean, partying was not in the usual 
sense. You partied with the people you 
played with when you were playing with 
them . Strange? Maybe for regular com-
petitive sports, but not for intramurals. 
Intramural s is built on fun, exercise, and 
competition - . probably in 
that order. And fun is what about 250 
men and women from all the UC's had 
while competing in coed volleyball, soft-
ball, innter tube water polo , tenn is, and 
badminton on a rather bleak and dreary 
weekend at UCSB. 

The " tournament" was designed so 
that you would meet a lot of people 
fro m other UC campuses by mixing up 
the competitors, that is, our girls would 
play with UCl's guys while our guys 
would play with UCLA's girls in a 
differe nt game. That made for a lot of 
intermingling and getting to know the 
other people on the teams. Coupled 
with the fact that you roomed in the 
same off-campus dorms with the people 
who were into the sa me sport as you 
made for an environment whose 
primary purpose was to promote 
friendship between the schools . You get 
to meet and pla y with a bunch of out-
as ight people, people who dug what you 
were into, intramural frea ks from the 
word "go." 

Lee " Kid Boog" Johnson led this row-
dy bunch of Tritons up for a high flyin ' 
time. Even the bus ride up was amazing. 
Between the hot cribbage tourney 
between J.P., Pat, Duck, Dave, Kid Boog, 
Tokyo Joe Yokota, Bruth Bench, and 
Frenchy, and the riotuous goings on of 
Anne Curtis, Wustwoman and Loud-
mouth Laurie Davis, the bus ride went in 
no time at all. Once there, the bus driver 
became totally confused as Lee told him 

to turn left across the softball field -
rather than do that seemingly out-
rageous idea we sat tigbt and had lunch 

. until UCSB I.M. director Sandy drove 
across the field in his Otasse, and told us 
that that was exactly what we were 
supposed to do. 

Friday afternoon found the competi-
tion starting with everyone mix ing up 
men and women in order to play. The 
best thing about the whole weekend 
was that almost everybody won a game 
and almost everyone lost a game - both 
of which are super important in learnin g 
how to fully appreciate intramural 
sports. The smiles on the faces of the 
UCSF girls' softball team when they and 
the UCSD men beat the UCLA guys and 
the Irvine girls were worth the whole 
weekend . Similarly, the mustard that 
oozed off the UCLA men (hot dogs that 
they were) whil e losing to us was almost 
as satisfying. 

Although UCSD accredited itself well 
in all sports, the fun that was had and the 
peopl e that were met were what made 
this weekend one of the best of our 
lives. If only more people could ex-
perience what we experienced, enjoy 
what we enjoyed, and live what we lived 
for two short days, people couldn't help 
but feel closer to one another . Jon 
LeLevier, Dwight Bean, Joan Roberts and 
One Too Many in volleyball, Dickie 
Duncan, Karen Enos, Mike Tom and the 
Underwater Cheapshots, Luke Lehre, 
Dave Phillips, Pat Stacy and the Yuba 
City Goosers softball squad , Chen, Gi -
deon, Bev and the rest had a time that 
they will remember the rest of their 
lives ... a time of fun and play, in the true 
tradition of intramural sports. If you 
have the chance to go in the future to 
one of these weekends, don't miss it - it 
could be the time of a lifetime for you as 
it was for all of us. 

Tennis Tournament 
Deadline Tommorrow 

restaurants, gift certificates, . 
movie ticket s, and more. If 
you can't dig up a partner 
to play with, don't cry and 
pout. The tournament has 
arranged a partner place-
ment service for you . Just 
come to the P.E. office and 
find out about it. We don't 
promise a computer match 
for you, but it's better than 

not playing at all. For all 
you stars, who take a long 
time to warm up, the tour-
nament this year is double 
eliminat ion . You have to 
be whipped twice to get 
knocked out of competi-
tion . Bring your lunch just 
in case you do lose. Free 
light refreshments will be 
served on the court side. 

Time is running out if 
you haven't already 
entered Sunday's Open 
Mixed Doubles Tourna-
ment. You must sign up in 
the P.E. office at the Gym ' 
by 5:00 P.M., tomorrow. 
Names will be randomly 
drawn from this li st and a 
tournament ladder, telling 
the match schedule will be 
posted by the cage on 
Thursday. Each team must 
bring a dollar and a new 
can of tennis balls this Sun-
d ay to the tournament. 
Remember, Open means 
open. All students, faculty, 
and staff are invited to 
enter; only pros and varsity 
are barred . Remember, 
mixed means coed; a man 
and a woman must play on 
each team. Don't forget 
also that this year's tourna-
ment is new and improved. 
Instead of wi nning dull , 
lifeless, dust collecting 
trophies, you can win ex-
citing, valuable, prizes like 
dinners for two at great 

Sports Calender 
This is the week of finals 

in NAJA sports. Today is 
the last day of the NAIA 
golf championships. Friday 
the Tritons travel up to 
Redlands to parti cipate in 
the District III prelims. This 
is a track meet designed to 
weed out the best for the 
NAIA championships. the 
following day also at 
Redlands. 

SUMMER JOB 
$110 WEEK 

Work afailable: Los Angeles area, 
San Diego area, most So. California 

* no canvassing 
* we train 
* several 

openings 

* large company 
* you need: 

besh.up 
auto available 

Apply : ROGERS CO. 
7435 University No. 102 

La Mesa, California 
AFternoons ... Please no phone calls 

to the Santa Barbara Tou r-
nament. The most impor-
tant event is likely to be the 
West Coast Sprints, th e 
meet the Crew Team has 
been rowing its arms off fo r 
the past few months. 

COMMUNITY 
BrOOD BANK 

327 F. Streel 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 8 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

-\ .~ ' / I 

Dreams ... 

When we were kids, we used to 
dream of flapping our arms and lo! we 
would be fly ing miles above the ground. 
I tried doing just that once and ended 
up in emergency I wasn't a terribly 
bright child_ Though we never lost our 
desire to realize our dreams, that 
experience in emergency shook us 
enough to keep us on the ground for 
several years. 

It wasn't until just afew months ago 
that we found a machine capable of 
converting our dreams into reality. 
These kites are probably the closest 
aproximation to unaided flight in that 
they're quiet, and in flight, unobtrusive. 
We may end up in emergency again, 
but in the mean time_ ... 

Photos: Smith 

t 
--

Page 19 Tuesday, May 15, 1973 Triton Times 
•. ,'.f ' • 11., , 



The Let uce Boycott: 
Farm orker's Struggle ... continued from pase9 

that law and tile anti-worker, anti-poor 
people climate which made it possible. 

In the middle of this struggle the Truth 
Squad Report was released. It is a con-
fusing, poorly documented and internally 
contradictory report. In preparing the 
report the Truth Squad bypassed the 
AEC's own. Farm labor Dept. and those 
church people who have worked for years 
with farm workers and who know their 

su ffering firsthand (e.g ., Church Women 
United; priests, sisters and ministers 
whose parishes are in farm labor com-
munities - most of these persons have 
joined in publicly attacking the Report's 
inadequancies). The anti-UFW findings 
are mostly the result of the Rev. Paul 
Gaston's personal investigations. Mr. 
Gaston, a United Church of Christ 
clergyman was the Truth Squadchairman 
he is an Anglo who does not speak 
Spanish and who is inknown to farm 
workers . His trip to Delano was arranged 
by two pro-grower Arizona legislators. He 
was affluent stra nger to Arizona's farm 
workers when he asked them how they 
felt about Cesar Chavez and the UFW. 
Needless to say they were cautious in 
their responses. Since the publication of 
the Truth Squad Report, Mr. Gaston has 
been widely quoted in agribusiness 
publications. He has even lent himself to 
the growers' cause by criticizing the UFW 
and their supporters at major industry 
meetings ( (e.g., the Jan 23-25, 1973 
meeting of the Great lakes Vegetable 
Growers in lansing , Mi.) A complete 
analysis of the Truth Squad Report is 
available from the Rev. Richard Cook, 
P.O . Box 20687, Phoenix, Arizona 65036. 

Many church leaders have received 
large quantities of anti-Chavez literature 
from George Gannon, part owner of 
Yakima Chief Ranch, a hops farm in 
Mabton Wash. : Mr. Gannon is apparently 
a sincere superpaternalist who believes 
that he knows better than anyone else 
what is a good for "his" workers. In 
September of 1970, Yakima Chief Ranch 
accepted a secret ballot election for farm 
workers. The rules and procedures were 
agreed to by both parties and a com-
mittee of local clergy was asked to super-

vise the election. The result :UFW"-105, 
""'0 Union " -5. Negotiations with UFW 
proceeded slowly. Mr. Gannon finally 
decided that UFW was not good enough 
for his workers. He set up a company 
union with his own foreman (Alberto 
Deleon) as its leader. There is still no 
contract at Yakima Chief. Mr. Gannon 
contributed to the Prop. 22 campaign in 
California and is now promoting Farm 
Bureau-type legislation in Washington 
State. 

The Farm Bureau says that migrants are 
disappearing and they they represent only 
10% of the farm labor force : 'There are 3 
million farm workers in the USA accor-
ding to a 1972 USDA paper entitled "The 
Hired Farm Working Force of 1971 ." The 
Senate Subcommittee on Migratory labor 
in its 1969 report placed the migrant 
population in the country atone million. 
The USDA study found that the average 
migrant earns $1407 per year. 600,000 farm 
workers are children under 16 years of 
age; 300,000 of these children are migrant 
farm workers ("Child labor in 
Agriculture" American Friends Service 
Committee, 1971. 

There are still hundreds of thousands of 
poverty stricken migrant farm workers. 
According to the U.S. Public Heath Servic' 
the average life expectancy of migrants is 
49 years. The nationwide expenditure for 
migrant health in 1967 was$7.20 per per-
son. For the U.S. population as a whole 
the figure was$256.00 (Research & 
Statistice, Note No.7, 6/18/70, Social 
Security Admin. of the Dept. of H.E.W.) 

The growers' 10% migrant figure comes 
from California's State Department of 
Agriculture Director CB. Christensen, 
who, during the Prop. 22 campaign, 
quoted official government statistics to 
prove that 90.4% of Calif. farm workers 
were " permanent" workers. But the 
LA.TlMES discovered that the 90.4% 
figure was invented by the growers, 
public relations firm : "Christensen an-
nou nced earlier this week that the figures 
had been compiled by Calif. Rural Man-
power Division in its official 1971 report. 
The figures did not come from that 
report. .. The 90 . 4% figure in 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
Offered Exclusively in San Diego by MONTI.. KELLEY Insuranc. Ag.ncy 

Drive by or call-··u uotatilcS'i1"==-1~583-93 93 

~~\ (f;I. 
C.5.1.5. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 

5090 College (corner College & Monte~um.) 

Page 20 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

(Christensen's) report was contained in an 
opinion written by W.M. Queale & 
Associates, a Sacramento public relations 
firm promoting Prop.22 (the growers' in-
itiative). The actual figures in the govern-
ment report showed that there were 182,-
700 temporary (seasonal) farm workers in 
California in September 1971 and 99,300 
permanent (year-round) workers in the 
state." (L.A. TIMES, 11/4/72) 

In regard to lettuce the growers talk 
about good wages if workers move with 
the harvest but forget that theyare lhus 
proving that migrancy is necessary in the 
lettuce industry. The lettuce harvest 
moves geographically from Arizona to So. 
Calif. to Northern Calif . to Central Calif. 
to Arizona . To even get close to 8-10 mos. 
of work worker must migrate 4-6 times 
per yea r. 

Th e Farm Bureau and the lettuce 
growers claim that lettuce workers earn 
56.44 per hr. and $213.80 per week : The 
Farm Bureau says these are official 
government statistics. They are not. They 
come directly from the lettuce growers' 
public relations arm, the free Marketing 
Council. Dateline, Salinas, Ca .: 'A concise 
6 piece fact file concerning the ongoing 
controversy over western iceberg lettuce 
and the farmworkers involved with let-
tuce harvesting is now being circulated to 
the nation's news media by members of 
the Free Marketing Council here. The key 
points made by the "Fact File" are (1) 
lettuce harvesters du ring a 14 wk . period 
in 1972 made actual earnings of $6.44 per 
hr. for 33.2 hrs. per week ... " (The Packer, 
August 26, 1972). The wage survey was 
compiled by the lettuce growers for the 
purpose of their "Fact File." 

Hourly wages in lettuce range from 
$1.65-$1 .85 per hour at non - union 
ranches. They are moving toward $i30 
per hour thanks to UFW contracts which 
are setting a high standa rd for the in-
dustry. During the harvest,lettuce cutters 
can earn more than the minimum hourly 
rate, their wages also are improving. But 
lettuce cutters are the elite workers of the 
industry. They are usually young (in their 
early 20's); they work in wet fields, 
moving quickly down rows in a bent over 
position. The average worker can cut 
lettuce for only 6-10 years. He is then 
.burntout with with back pain . Because of 
the nature of the work, lettuce cutters 
practice should only work 6 hours per 
day. At non-UfW ranches it is common 
practice for foremento distribut beer and 
pills to dull the pain so they can push the 
cutters to work 10-12 hours per day. 

How important are wages to farm 
workers? Are other issues also important? 
Wages are very important because farm 
workers who work under union contracts 
can now buy and rent their own houses 
and feed their own childre'n instead of 
being dependent on charity. But wages 
are not as important as other issues that 
confront USA farmwork~rs : 1) Speed-ups, 
arbitrary firings, and personal abuse by 
foremen, supervisors and labor contrac-
tors. It is not uncommon for women to be 
degraded and their husbands humiliated 
by the personal attention of the "bosses." 
To resist is to be fired. 
2) lack of toilets and cool, clean drinking 
water in the fields. 3) Exploitation by labor 

, contractors and crew leaders who 
overcharge for transportation, food, 
water, housing, linens, loans, etc: who fail 
to pay Social Security to the government 
even after they have withheld it from the 
workers; who control the lives of their 
workers during the traveling season. The 
Teamsters' leadership and the lettuce 
growers are committed to continuing the 
labor contractor system. The UFW is just 
as determined to replace labor contrac-
tors with a un ion hiring hall . 4)A sense of 
futility and helplessness : without an en-
forced union contract farmworkers have 
no grievance procedure, no way to 

protest mistreatment without risking their 
jobs - so farmworkers silently swallow 
humiliation in order to feed their 
chi ldren . 

The growers claim that Chavez is just 
out for money and power: Cesar Chavez 
has been organizi ng poor people for 20 
years. He still owns nothing. He and his 
family live on subsistence like all the 
strikers and boycotters, room, board & 
$5.00 per week. The Chavez family lives in 
a small, 2-bedroom house at la Paz, Ca . 
Cesar Chavez & his family so wan t 
organized strength for the workers' union 
that can bring a measure of justice to rural 
America . "Our goal is a national union of 
the rural poor dedicated to world peace 
and to serving the needs of all men and 
women who suffer." (Cesar Chavez) 

What are some of the benefits of the 
United Farm Workers' efforts?1)Growing 
conviction that the poor can make 
changes through determined non-violent 
struggle. 2)Demonstration that Filipinos, 
Blacks, Whites, Chicanos; Arabs, Puerto 
Ricans and others can work together in 
one union. 
3)Witness to the power of sacrifice and 
service on behalf of the oppressed : a 
cha llenge to all of us. 4)New hope among 
farm workers everywhere. 5) A new spirit 
of self- respect and independence that 
takes the place of fear and helplessness as 
farm workers organize, picket, build the 
boycott, form ranch committees , 
negotiate contracts and work in their own 
comm ittees to enforce those contracts. 6) 
The Robert f . Kennedy pre-paid Medical 
Plan that has paid out two million dollars 
in benefits to farm workers and their 
families for doctor visits, X-rays, lab work, 
medicine, maternity, surgery, hospital 
bills, death benefits, emergency dental 
care and ambulance service. 7)Farm 
worker clinics (not government clinics or 
charity clinics) in Delan, Calexico and 
fresno with a new one planned for 
Salinas. 8)A Farm Workers' Credit Union -
controlled and administered by farm 
workers . 9) Agbayani Retirement Village 
for Filipino workers now under construc-
tion in Delano. 10) Through the 
hiring hall an end to the labor contractor 
and crew leader system; an end to 4:00 
a.m. "shape-ups" where farm workers sell 
their bodies and their work to the highest 
bidder and climb onto cattle cars to be 
taken to work; an end to arbitrary firings, 
black-listing and discrimination in 
employment.11)Job security for those 
who, after age 40, must still feed their 
children but who can no longer run 
through the fields with the youngest 
workers.12) For farm workers, protection 
from poisonous pesticides in the fields for 
consumers, less poison on our food . 13) 
Other contract benefits, e.g., grievance 
procedure, seniority system; vacations 
and holidays with pay; toilets, washing 
facilities and clean, cool drinking water in 
the fields. 

The time has come for justice for farm 
workersl United Farm Workers are doing 
the work and making the sacrifices that 
will bring that result. They need our 
support! 

" Why are our opponents so afraid 
of a union for migrant farm 
workers? Is it so much to ask that 
the poorest people of the land have 
a measure of justice? .. Somehow 
these powerful men and women 
must be helped to realize that there 
is nothing to fear from treating their 
workers as fellow human beings. 
We do not seek to destroy the 
growers. We only want an oppor-
tunity to organize our union and 
work non-violently to bring a new 
day of hope and justice to the farm 
workers of our country." 

-CESAR CHAVEZ 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across from Sports Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED .pRESCRIPTIONS ALLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Frl. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2873 224-2974 
latest fashions 
In wire frames 

Revelle Requirements ... 
ctltt ... tr .. ,. .. 3 

The fourth choice is a year's sequence in either 
History! . Literature or Philosophy; a year of the 
Humanities sequence; and one Fine Arts class. 

Alksnls said that she would 'send a list of "pro's and 
con's" for each proposal along with the ballots. As for 
the Humanities proposal, she will list at least two 
"pro's". 

By modifying the sequence, students will be allowed 
more freedom and also will be given the chance to 
" non-western culture,'. It would also reduce the size of 
the present Humanities sequence to only interested 
students. 

This reduction in size would encourage professors 
who like an interdisciplinary approach to join the 
sequence. Thus the sequence itself could improve. 

Arguments against the proposal include the fact that 
there is no provision for writing in the proposal. 
Though written themes are said to be required, a 
student could take four fine Arts classes and three 
classes In one department. There would be no 
guarantee that he will get good training in writing in 
this case. 

Others argue that the proposal would destroy the 
foundation of the Revelle curiculum. Instead of well-
rounded students, undergraduates may only be ex-
posed to one or two departments. 

Non-C~nliluous Minor 
A second major proposal would radically change the 

non-contiguous minor requirement. Now the require-
ment will allow minors only in a department outside of 
the major, or in a field (project minor) outside of the 
major. 

This proposal would allow any six electives to be 
considered a minor if they were outside of the major; 
providing at least three were upper-division. 

• T~i~ .would also have the advantage of providing 
fleXibil ity and freedom for students. But it would not 

n~cessari ly provide a second field of interest to fall 
b~ck on. Alksins said that many graduates go on to get 
higher degrees in their minor's rather than their 
majors. 

T.he th.ird ~roposal would allow students to satisfy 
their SOCial sCience requirements with any three social 
science classes instead of three in just one department. 

The fourth proposal would slightly modify the 
language requirement. It would allow students who 
had passed the fourth , fifth and sixth quarters of a 
language to be declared proficient. Presently some 
students become "test shy" and are unable to pass both 
the written and oral test now required. 

All four proposals would tend to decrease the wide 
base of the current Revelle curriculum. But all four 
would also allow students more freedom and not force 
them into classes that they may not like. 

Alksnis said that students who have opinions about 
these changes "should talk to the faculty about it". 
They will be voting this week and the results should be 
known by May 22. 

Udall ... 
celltlllM frill ,... 3 

years. People are asking. POPULANCE AND 
"we have a good thing SCIENTISTS OF THE US., 
now, why do we want to because we "learned about 
grow for growth's sake.'" the limits of earth and the 
:" dramatic example of this limits of man himself." and 
IS the turning down of the that "we are stl,lck with the 
76 Winter olympics by the earth from the space 
peo ple of Denver program we turned in-
Colorado who bup out ~ wards." To Udall, the ex-
bumper sticker saying ploration of space showed 
" don't Californiceate Americans that we can't 
Colorado. II just go on polluting the 

earth because no other 

Uda ll saw a " healthy 
ske ptiCism on big 
technology" beginning to 
develop two years ago 
when Congress stopped 
the buildmg of the SST 
which is "the epitome for 
the U.S., growth policy." 

However, he says the 
phi.'osolphy of U . S. 
bu Inessmen still remains 
" bigger is better." 

The former secretary 
who was in office during 
the big space boom felt 

!~at th space program was 
a wa te of money., e sen-

rial/y. " BUT A GOOD 
EDUCA TlON FOR THE 

planet is habitable enough 
for the human species. 

One student who ad-
dressed Mr. Udall at one of 
his lectures 'suh1med up 
what Udall's generation 
and generation before 
him have done to earth 
when he said "your 
genera tion has taken the 
cream off the milk and left 
us with the milk." 

Before becoming a 
secretary of the Interior 
Udall was a congres man 
from the state of Arizona. 
He i currently Chairman 
of the Board of Overview 
corporation. 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 
Hours: Sunday thru Thursday 3:00 P. M. - 11:00 P.M. 

Friday & Saturday 3:00 P.M . - 12:00 A. M . 

Made with Little C'S Reol itolian Sauce and Select Blended Cheese ... 
from giant 6000 ovens in the window. 

YOUR FAVORITE PIZZA MADE TO ORDER 
Ex. 

CHICKEN MENU 
CHICKEN SNACK COUP 

Sm. Med. 
10" 12" 

Lg. LIJ. 
14" 16" 

2 pes . Chicken, Fries, Roll , Cole Slow • •.. 99~ 
CHICKEN DINNER COUP 

Cheese •••••. • 1.15 
Ground Beef . . . • 1.60 
Green Pepper. • • • 1.60 
Block Olives • •••• 1.60 
Onion. • • • . • ., 1.60 
Pepperoni • • • • .. 1.80 
Mushroom •.•... 1.80 

1.40 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.20 
2.20 
2.20 
2.20 
2.20 

1.95 
2.60 
2.60 
2.60 
2.60 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 

2.65 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.45 
3 . 45 
3.25 
3.45 
3.45 

4 pes. Chicken, Fries, Roll, Cole Slow .... 1.45 
CHICKEN THRIFT COUP 

8 pes. Chicken Only ......... . _ ...... 2.45 
CHICKEN HOUSE FULL 

16 pes. Chicken, 4 Rolls ............... 3.99 
CHICKEN BARN FULL . 

20 pes . Chicken Only ................. 4.95 
( 2~¢ EXTRA FOR ALL WHITE OR DARK MEAT ) 

Hom. • • • • • . • 1.80 
Bacon •••••• 1.80 
Itolion Sausage.. J .80 
Cheese: Choice of <1>". GOURMET 

two items. •• 2.10 2.45 2.95 3.75 DEEP OISH SQUARE PIZZ'-
Cheese: Choi ce of 

three items. •• 2.30 2.70 3.25 3.95 
Little C's Special: Cheese, Bacon, Hom, Onion, 

Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Green Pepper, 
(Anchovies on request) 2 . 95 3.45 4.00 4 .70 
EXTRA ITEMS ••••• 35 .45 .55 .65 

ru a 
CH CK 

The no-charge checking plan 
for frugal ·people. 

Here's how Frugal Check works: 
You keep a minimum daily balance of $100 in your 

personal checking account, and you can write all the 
checks you want. For free. 

No service Gharge whatsoever. 
If your balance dips below $100, we'll only charge 

you one dollar for that month. No matter how many 
checks you write. 

So you see, you will save money. 
With Frugal Check. 

ucso 
.0-

' :J(. 
YA ttCIe'ITAL 

UNITED TORREY PINES OFFICE srA7'ES 8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 
llT Ar,Tr.Q~llTA r (71 4) 453-4483 
.J.~ ~I r.LU'1I..J C. E. "Gene" BANK . MerCier, Manager 

Where ~rytllilll starts with )'OU 

- ..... 
140 26S 
200 325 
240 H5 
270 395 ~ 
325 450 

Page 21 Tuesday, May 15, 1973 Triton Times 



Need an extra lift 
twice a week? 
It's as easy as filling 
out the coupon below 

--------SUBSCRI PTiONS I TRITON TI~ES LOWER BU,KE HALL 
I UCSO' LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
I 
I 
I 

YES, I WOlILD LIKE A SUBSCRIPTION TO 
THE TRITON TIMES FOR: 

o FAll 0 WINTER 
QUARTE.l QUARTER 
(S2,50r ($2.50) 

I NAME I ADDRESS 

o SPRING 0 ENTIRE 
QUARTER YEAR 

. ($2,50) 73·74 
($7,001 

I CITY ... STATE,ZIP , ... , , .. .... . 
I SEND CHECK OA MONEY OROER P"'Y"'SLE I TO TAlTON TIMES WEARE NOT 
• RESPONSIBLE FOA LOST MONEY .... 

---------I Page 22 friton Tim s Tuesday, May 15,1973 

.. _____ announcements------------
tuaday 

CHESS TOURNAMENT' 
tonight at 7:30 In the revelle 
north dining hall, 10 seconds 
per move and 101t entry fee. 
All money returned as prizes. 
Everyone welcome. (5/15) 
Tues: May 15, 7 p.m. In the 
Muir Apt. T.V. Lounge: Rev. 
Del Duncan of "The Way 
Biblical Research & 
Teaching Ministry" will teach 
the accuracy of the Word of 
God. Come if you would like 
to learn about the 
ABUNDANT Life Chirst 
promised . (John 10:10) . 
(5/ 15) 

wednelday 
Jerry Applebaum, former LA 
FREE PRESS reporter, will 
be speaking at UCSD on 
Wednesday, May 16, a17:30 
p . m . i n USB 2622 . 
Applebaum was convicted 
selleral years ago for printing 
a list of names of narcotics 
agents in the LA FREE 
PRESS. His conlliction was 

the Gym, No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m. Everyone invited/stu-
dents, s!afflfaculty (E W) 

thuraclay 
SEMINAR, Thursday, May 
t7 , 1973, 4:00 p.m., Room 
2A-2250, Muir Campus, Dr. 
Sing H. Lee Department of 
Electrical Engineering , 
Carnegie-Mellon University. 
Some Recent Development 
in Optical Information 
Processing. (5/15) 
Attention Sociology Majors. 
There will be an Informal 
coffee meeting on Thurs ., 
May 17, 2-4 in the graduate 
student lounge, 7th floor, 
7076 20 Sociology Depart-
ment. All the soc. professors 
will be there to meet students 
in an informal atmosphere. 
Read ing lists for fall quarter 
will be available . Free 
doughnuts anp coffee . 
(5/15) 
Dr. Jerry Farber, author "The 
University as Tomorrowland" 
will speak to Society and 

Women, Women's Equity 
Action League, and 
Women's Caucuses. May 24 
- "The Outlook for Women 
at UCSD", Chancellor 
William D. McElroy. Bring 
your lunch! Bring your 
friendsl Bring your ideas! 
Share your views! (5122) 

general 
AMES FILM SERIES: Spring 
Quarter Schedule. Friday, 
May 18, Chemistry of Meteor 
Vaporization , NASA Film -
27 min.; Technology Utiliza-
tion , NASA Film - 26 min . 
Friday, May 25, Turbulence 
Fluid Mechanics Film - 29 
min . A Technology for 
Spacecraft Design, NASA 
Film - 12 min. PLACE: 
Room 2622 USB, TIME: 
12:00-1 :00. These films are 
open to the UCSD Com-
munity. (5/25) 

"An Evening with Mark 
Twain", a talented imper-
sonation of the writer, will be 
presented Friday, May 18 in 
the UCSD Theater at 8 p.m. 
(5/18) 

not be considered . If you 
wish your ad to be longer 
than the alloted space a 
small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewriters are 
available In the office . 
Deadlines are Mon. 9 a.m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed , 
5 p.m. for the Fri. Issue. The 
ads will go in on a first come 
first serve basis. 
Attention Veterans! Important 
meellng, Wednesday, May 
23 In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge at 11 a.m. i.e. 1100 
hrs. Mr. Dean from the 
Veteran's Administrration in 
Wash ington D.C. will inform 
vets on how to get their ad-
vance V.A. educational 
benef i ts for fall "73", 
A.SAP. for further Informa-
tion contact Lance Beizer, 
453-2000 X2394. (5/22) 
Friday, May 18, 8:30, 409 
MC, LIVE ElECTRONIC 
MUSIC - hard Gordon, 
Ashley. (5/1 8) 
Beginning LOOM WEAVING 
class Friday mornings. Starts 
May 18. 755-4461. (5/15) 

NEED SOMETHING TO DO? JUST CHECK THE ANNOUNCEMENTS SICnON FOR CAMPUS EVENTS 

recently overturned by the 
California Supreme Court. 
The case will be discussed 
as well as problems related 
to media repression. This 
event is being sponsored by 
the NORTH STAR and the ' 
Campus Program Board. 
(5/15) 
WLF WEDNESDAY 
POTLUCK: This week at 
Donna's Mesa Apts. 3859B. 
Weds. May 16 at 6 p.m. 
(5/15) 
Triton Christian Fellowship 
will meet in the Muir apt. tv 
lounge on Wednesday at 
7:30 p.m. Tom Cantor will 
lead a discussion on "Per-
sonal Evangelism". Everyone 
is welcomed to come and 
have some fun and learn 
something. 
Wednesday, S P.M. today is 
the last chance to sign up in 
P.E. office for Open Mixed 
Doubles Tournament (See 
sports Page for more Info.) 
He Noa Lanl Dance, Co. stu -
dent organization meets ev-
ery Wed nesday for class at 

the 

Human Values Class in 2A, 
Room 2113, Thursday May 
17 2:00 until 3:30. Open to 
visiting students. (5/15) 
THE TRITON WARGAM-
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs. night in MC 506. We 
play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 
Old time dancing and music. 
Come dance squares and 
contras to live music. All 
welcome . 8 : 00 p ,m . 
Thursdays at the Muir 
cafeteria. FREE. (EI) 
SEX AND THE 
UNIVERSITY. A series of 
weekly public diSCUSSion 
programs sponsored by 
UCSD Women, held each 
Thursday at noon at the 
Inte rnat io nal Center , 
Matthews Campus. An open 
forum - bring yOur ideas on 
these controversial issues: 

May 17 -
"Women's C ivil Rights 
Organizations and Equal Op-
portunity at the University", 
Representat ives of the 
National Organization for 

.. Vegetable' 
.,' .~hop.: .:..: :': ., .. 

.' 

Hours: 10:30-3:00 Mon-Sun. 
Saturday 10:30-12:00 
(East on Villa de La Valle 

ON THE WAY TO RANCHO SANTA F£.) 

Applications are now being 
' accepted for the position of 
Station Manager at KSDT for 
next year. The manager, who 
will take office in July, Is 
elected by the staff of the 
station and holds oHice for 
one year. There is a small 
stipend. Applications may be 
obta ined at the Student 
Employment Office now 
through May 21 . (5/18) 
Attention: All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
classified ads In this publica-
tion are free to currently 
enrolled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed .. 
All ads longer than this will 
be reduced. We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi-
tion we are not responsible 
fo'r any errors. Please make 
sure to check your ad for 
corrections the day it 
appears. Usually ads will run 
automatically for two Issues 
dependl.ng on space 
availability. IMPORTANT!!! . 
All ads must have your stu-
dent 10 number or they will . 

The Jewish Students 
Association is sponsoring a 
weekend in the mountains, 
May 18-20. There will be 
dancing, sports, seminars, 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cost of $5.00, which also 
includes transportation and 
meals. There is more in for. to 
come, but If you're in-
terested, call Joanne at 272-
5939 . (5/19) 
Attention Veterans! If you are 
planning to attend Summer 
Session al UCSD and would 
like to use your V. A . 
Educational Ass istance 
benefits , please be sure to 
notify the Special Services 
Office, 250 MC, by May 15 
so that your enrollment cer-
tification may be mailed In 
and you may begin receiving 
your payments promptly . 
Proof of Summer Session 
enrollment is required and 
can be obtained from the 
Summer Session Office, 101 
MC. In the case of graduate 
students, a letter from your 
department is sufficient. 
(5/15) 

ATTENTION ALL 
TT ELIGIBLE 

VOTERS . 
PICK UP YOUR 

BALLOTS IN 
OFFICE TODAY 

FROM 12:00 to 2:001 

............ moreannounc~ena. .................. .. 
gen.ral 

"Keep on Truckinl" In a walk 
for those who can't. Walk for 
the March of Dimes to fight 
birth defects. Sunday, May 
20, Mission Bay Aquatic 
park. Start between 8-10 
a.m, at DeAnza Cove. Fun, 
food, and fr l volltylll 

Worthwhile , trio! Need more 
Info call 284- 1166. (5/18) 

"Attention All Mus ical 
Groups", On May 19, there 
will be a concert given on the 
soccer field . All Interested 
groups call : Harvey Daniels 
or Hymie Munoz at 453-

2000, elx. 2107 or 2108. We 
need you to perform for 
" free" for 1/2 hour to 1 hour. 
(5/18) 

Weekly firesides, Monday 
nights 8 p.m. Lounge below 
MUir Commons All are 
welcome. Sponsored by 

U.C.S.D. Baha'i Club. (Ell) 
Dr. F. Clark Howell, eminent 
physical anthropologisl from 
the University of California, 
Berkeley, will speak on "New 
Researchers In Afr ic a 
Bearing on Human Origins" 
at 8 p.m., Wednesday, May 
23, 1973, In 20 2250. (5/22) 

.. -----------• . dvertisements for ourselves:-~ 
Hrvlc.1 

NEW YORK by Clmper, Share gas and 
driving to .rrlvo June 20. Call 755-
4190 evonlngo (5125) 

.U .... III .10 •• IN .WITnIlLAND 
$530 from Los Angel .. which InclUd .. 
a working permit, lob placement. 
reglattltion , end round trip alrla,. on 
TWA 10 Zurich Of Geneva, Switzerland 
(minimum weekly aaJary S35 to $50 
plua food and lodging). For a Ireo 

~roehura write: InternallOnal Work1rlps. 
P.O. Box .510 •. Arcadia Slation , 

P~I., "'rlzona 85060. (5125) 
"'uto Rlp.'r , Woldlng . Eng ine 
Rebuilding Low R .... Loran or Oove 
453·9388 best .round, (s/15) 
THE TOOL KIT IS BACK fo< Ule by 
RESIOENCE H"'LL people: See Nen 
Trelator AtllntI. 304 453·0840, Bring 
Student 101 (5115) 
Summer jobs! Makl $2,000 mUlt be 
able to leo"" home .nd work to< the 
on~,. .um",.... Call Tal 453-60 '3. 
(5115) 
TYPISTS: Exp. Theses. term paperl, 
reporta., Mite. 18M, accura.. fast. 
BEE L YNCfi: 753-7356. 50$ page. 
15/25) 

travel 
10th "'NNU"'L JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE: from $239 round -trip . 
JAPi>,N: from S359 rOOnd -Ylp. LA. 
NY 8117 one·way. S96. 
Call: Flight Chairman, 583· 1297, 4246 
Owrland "'ve., Oept. "', Culver Cily 
90230. (618) 

10lt and found 
FOU 1'1 0 : Btlck and tan German 
ShopJterd puppy, vlncinlly Urey filII 
Monday morning. C.II E.t. 1723. 
(5/15) 

LOSt: Mile black & beige Shoplterd 
w/huaky mix! Answers to Kruzer. 1 yr. 
old. Raul 753-3694. (s/15) 
Loot: Brlghl red windbreaker jacket 
Aspon 5k1label. Pie .... c.1I Mike 453· 
572S. (SitS) 

To ha who took two _Is from 
fenced area near track. Altum them. 
Pleasel 272·9932. (SitS) 
LOST brn knit hal In stand. a. 
volleybell loum Fri. nitl. My he.d 
m.sses h. Arldy 755·3 147. (5115) 

P"'RKII loot .t Muir 517 p.m. sm. navy 
Olue ~Orth Face. REWAAO Jlnet 453· 
2642. (5It5) 
FOUND: Black tem"e puppy, lbout 4 
mo. old, vicinity of USB, on May 4, Call 
270-1977. (5118) 

Lost - Key ring with 4 keys: '" Flat 
Ignition key, a Pougeot ignition key, 
and two UCSD door keVS, one marked 
"dO nOt duplicate". Plea .. call 0.110 at 
45350470. Reward. (5/18) 

houllng 
I I"IHd a room north of cardiH by June 
e or 10. Hive II email doog . Sarber. 
453· '955. (5/18) 

Need roomm.to to ahare 3 BA. houoe 
In Clelremon. with 2 maleo. 0vIn room 
565-87010. (5/1e) 

W.nted: A one bedroom apt. _r La 
Jolla. For V ... ,. I ..... Call Stove 454-
4542. (5118) 
Becltelor epertmont In Enclnitu, own 
living room, pallo carport. 7539&55, 
JIM. (5118) 
For ren.: Good hou .. " $225 to 
'2BOlmo. Ctelremont .... Celt 218-
2201 and _ nteHII(jI. (5125) 
Aoom lor rant Irnmed . 192.50 (arnmr. 
100). Oet Mer, 755· 17(111 or 755.8212 
altor S. (511e) 

$20 AEWAROI W.nl apt or house 2 
bdrm or mote North Cly or LI Jolla for 
summer and next yesr. Ae;vard on 
renting. 755·47 t3 or 755·7685. (5/t8 ) 
NEEDED: for Jun.: near ocean . 
seO/monthlbdr. Cal l D.n.t X1517 or 
4888740. 15/15} 

Own room In Ig. Solana Beach house, 
t blk.o Beach. S72.50l mo. till school', 
ond. 755-6853. (5115) 

Need femaJe roommate, 1 b lk. to 
UCSD, own room. uti iti" p.id, $90. 
, 4S3-~5tl . (51'5) 

W"'NTEO TO SUBLET, • ". .... etudent 
apartment for aummer, can Mark at 
298·8760 OlIO • • (5/15) 

Share nice 3 Bdrm. house w/l female 
for .ummer. Call Rick or Shelley 565-
8409. (5It5) 

Roommate wanted - old slone house 
In Encinitas , ne.r beech. Own room, 
qule. $951mo. 753-5210. (5115) 

Wanted: 2 gi,'. '0 .h.ra luxury apt In 
P.B. for summer. $70 e • . Call 488· 
9543. (51 IS} 

per.on.l. 
Hoy, Lldy: Surf '. alw.ys line. When 
we gonnl get le>gelher sometimo? 
Signed. WAVES. (5/15) 

To tho trIpped .lev.tor flllO - God 
bles. the titanic and Tltelma Fields. 
(5/15) 

TO JIM AND M"'AIE: CONGRATU. ' 
LATIONSI GOOO LUCK THIS FAI. 
O"'V ANO EVERYDAY THERE-
AFTER ... CORKY. t5/t8) 

wanted 
Wanted: Recorder. soprano or 8110. 
Call Leslie 755-0877. (5/t8) 

NEED to borrow 100k· blu .. LPs (John 
Hurt, John F.hlY. Ooc Wltsbn , otc.) 
08~e 453·8884. (5118) 

WAliITEO: Filimor. Eas. and Weat 
posto,. and Beatleo bootleg "Live at 
Sh ..... Fred 682-3905. (Sl1 8) 

Traveling assistant for European art 
safari, summer, all expenses plus 
bonu • . Call 272-8839. (Sl15) 

Looking lor a><lra Income? Full. part. 
and Bummer-time opportunities. 
M.nagement and sal .. pooItIons. Fo< 
Interview call Sam 453·214t , .~ar 6 
p.m. (5/t8) 
Wanted: European COtns and good 
COndo silver dollars. Trade rings? 465. 
8 I 4 t Ove5 .. weekeods. (51 I 5) 

W"'NTED: A good, che.p king or 
queen .~. m.nr •••. Cell 454-2475. 
(5115) 

Ride needed to S.F. Bey Area or North 
May 16, t7, 18. Will.hare gas/driving. 
Tony 453·2917. (5115) 

Receptlonl.t -Bookkeeper tor busy , 
friendly, newspaper office - fu ll-time, 
8·5, Mon.-Fri. General oNlce du.1eo 
too Studont wife would quality. Send a 
r.sume to: Brenda Johnson, Ad-
rninlstt.tivo A1IIl."nl. L. Jolla Ught-
Joumal, P.O. 90.,927, L.JolI., calli. 
92037. C.II Iter, .59-4201 Mon.-Fri. 
Between 4&5 p.m . only. (5/15) 

Male .'udent ... nta .w.t.h female 
roommate 10 ahar. cooking for 
lummer. 453-47.2. (SI15) 

for .. Ie 
For .. Ie: '72 VolI.a, under I 1 ,000 
mH .. : "850. Call 453-3124 momlng 
or _Ing. 1511') 

For s...: 191!I BMW 2002. $ 1850. 
233·91150 ( ..... ) (S/18) 

STEREO SYSTEM - Sherwood 40 
RMS watti channel FM recllver and 
Garrard S 1728 auto . turntable 
w/Shu," 91EO high trock cartridge -
300. wl Dynaco spe.~e" - 300. wi 
DELETEIIi I 

STEREO SYSTEM - Sherwood 40 
RMS _ I channel RM rocelver and 
Garr.rd 5172B aule . turn'ablo 
wlShure 9tEO high trICk cartridge ' 
300. W/Oynaco spoakors·42O. Call 
Stavo 453·8-<09. (5/18) 

TV B&W SIS, Gone 755-()877 aNer 2 
pm. (5/18) 

Nlkon FT body w/ftn Hnder $ 175, 
85mm Nlkor lenl, $125. 28mm SoIlgar 
$50 Jim. 753·9655. (5It8) 

"Four ~F l,..1One Belted tlr .. and rims. 
H-78- IS, Lood Range B, 5·boI! panem 
from '73 Ford ~ ton. $3S each or be •• 
oHar. Cell ""ke .1 270·3796." (5118) 

Queen-slzl waterbed with heater, liner, 
frame, mattre .. all Inclu<*! . '50, 488· 
0397. Riell . (5118) 

BfW TV. Sony portable. New this year. 
Hardly used. $50 488·0397 A lch. 
151t8) 

Taking Blochem next year7Starto.rly. 
Lehnlng.' BIochemistry S10. 270· 
1604 a~er . Ix. (5/1 8) 

'1 1 Vega. Custom interior FM radio, 
excellent cond ldon, $1300. Cell: 755-
49231755·7630. (5/18) 

'68 OODGE OART GT. Manual. ono 
owner, runs welt. $400. 453·1763. 

VW 1966 For Sale - Good cond ition 
$500. 453·7898 wll I take best oHer. 

1972 Chrysler New Vorke" 2 door 
hard lop. Leaving town -pnvate pany, 
besl oHer, 292-0937 .~er 5. (5115) 
Down bag. berrler 2~ lbo. white goose 
cost 120 nu $80, motobocane 10 spd. 
all alloy lkenu S140 xtra. 453·3083. 
(SitS) 

'60 VW Bus, bluelwhlte. now br.kes. 
trans .. engine: Mien radle' lires. 
cUltom Intellor , T . aaln X1226. 
'tooo/off.r. (SllS) 

FREE Mate klnen.. morn. & evens. 
755 -6918: SOmed.ys E.t. 2722 ask lor 
Ma"ta. (SitS) 

1964 Ponlac Catalina Conv. stereo, 
power steering-brakes , 11eal at 
$295.00 Randy X2034 . (5/tS) 

Woman's 3·.peed bike In excal. condo 
Call after •• o see: 453-6467. S35.00. 
l5It5) 

Garrard "Ob tum1eble grado for cart. 
S25 PH 270· t796. (51 IS} 

1967 Ford Mu.'ang 2 plus 2 GT F •• t-
back , new tires. good paint and very 
cleon. S' ,15O. 282-6638. (Si tS) 
1985 MG Midg et - Hardtop 
spokewheoll, good tire • • point RplysH 
cloon. 5650 282-6638 Hurryl Sl15) 

'69 Tre RoodS/or, Ar.tIFM redio. wire 
dres, mlcntllns. 454-6673 after 6:00. 
15115) 

10' Step lIan. '81 Oodge, auto. PS/PB. 
Run. we ll. St095, 453-S564. (5115) 

1963 FORO Galaxlo . V8, auto, A/H 
P.S. guagel. Excel. Mech. Cond o 
S t50. A rt, 277·3972. (5115) 
WA TEA BED, King size with /rame, 
p.d and llno, No leaks, S2O. 436· 
045 t eves (5115) 

BE"'UTIFUL now "'otorola stereo con-
sole: AM ·FI.I radio. cart. tape player. 
$300. 453·48-<5. (5/ 15) 

'11 NORTON 750, Clean. I •• t. bnchln'. 
Must sell , asking 1800. 453·6206. 
(5115) 

"'Ult Sell: 1964 Pontiac Tempest. 
Auto., powel. RlH. $200. 453·7257, 
Ann. 15/1 5} 
1969 Bene", 260 motorcycle. S17S or 
7 Cave, 2n8714. (5/15) 

Help Viillnanfs Children 
through UNICEF 

A motherless Vietnamese child-one of many thou-
sands of small victims of the war-waits in his 
father's arms for help from the United Nations 
Children's Fund. UNICEF is planning major re-
habilitation programs throughout Indo-China, to 
rebuild schools, orphanages and health centel's, train 
nurses, teachers and social workel's, and ]Jl'ovide' 
badly needed supplies, Public contl'ibutions may be 
sent to U,S, Committee for UNICEF, 331 East 38th 
St" New York 10016, 

NOON CONCER T 

ICE HOUSE BLUES BAND 
Wednesday 12:00 P.M., 

Revelle Plaza 

I I 

Has Your Child 
Written Home 
Lately? If Not 

It Could Be That ... 

She's Supporting Her 
Favorite Candidate_ .. 

She's Just Refused 
a Pro osal ... 

Whatever they're doing 
you can find out 
for sure in the 
Triton Times! 

-----... _----
SUBSCRIPTIONS 
TRITON TIMES 
LOWER BLAKE HALL 
UCSD 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 

YES, I WOULO LIKE A SUBSCRIPTION TO 
THE TRITON TIMES FOR: 

o FALL 0 WllmR 
OUARTER QUARTER 
'IUO) (IUO) 

O SPItiNG 0 EmIlE OUARTER YEAR 
'12.50) 73·74 (17,001 

.l3 Tuesday./ May 15, 1973 Triton rimes 



'WI CAN'T IA THI HOISE - WE'll GOING TO NIID HIM '01 

UFO 
Instru -
mentation 

Instruments designed ' to 
detect and monitor possi-
ble unidentified flying ob-
jects (UFOs) have been 
developed by a newly 
formed UCSD group. 

J.F. Herr, spokesman for 
the organization, says that 
the eighteen scientists and 
engineers who make up 
the group have no conclu-
sion as to the nature of 
UFOs. Although reports of 
unidentified flying objects 
continue to come in from 
the world , often from 
highly qualified observers, 
quantitative data on the 
character of the objects is 
scant. 

To make possible the 
collection of hard data 
which correlates with UFO 
sightings, a series of in-
streuments capable of 
detecting and measuring 
certain effect reportedly 
produced by the objects is 
being developed. 

One of the design con-
cepts, Herr explained, is a 
central processing unit 
where the signals from the 
several instruments will be 
Simultaneously recorded 
on magnetic tape cassettes. 
Each instrument is 
designed to be built "by 
persons withmut 
specialized technical 
knowledge, and is 
restricted to a component 
cost limit of $100.00. Herr 
says that the group has 
perfected a state-of-the-art 
magnetometer with a sen-
sitivity of 0.05 gamma at a 
frequency of 1 Hertz. The 
instrument is thus capable 
of measuring changes in 
the ambient magnetic field 
less than the natural 
geomagnetic variations. 
The magnetometer, which 
has a frequency range of 
0.1 to 10 Hertz, uses a 
highly sensitive induction 
coil sensor. Five solid-state 
integrated circuits give the 
instrument a g<: in of 440,-
000, a rejection of 60 Hertz 
i n t e r fer e n c (' b Y 11 0 
decibels and an extremely 
low noise figltr~. Other . 
current devE-lopmental 
projects includ an elec-
trometer, an at:Jtomatic 
ca mera system, nd a three 
cha nnel radio frequency 
interference d~tection 
system. The crganization 
wei omes inter.!s d scien-
tists and eng ineers, es-
pecially those with 
background in I tronics. 
Th design effort is volun-
tary and there are no 
salari d positions. A fund 
exists to cover th cost of 

xp rimental prototyp s. 
For furth r information, 

contact J.F. H rr at 583-
8247. 

;;;:.':II 
TRANSPOITATION . 

Page 24 Triton Times Tuesday, May 15, 1973 

Moo ... 
Cont. from page 5 
Or rapped by a crisp fire on 
a chilled night, rubbing 
your shoulders where your 
straps dug in, all against the . 
panorama of the Sierras? 
("... Ink cannot tell the 
glow that lights me at this 
moment in turning to these 
mountains ... " John Muir.) 

Interested? Student, 

-.." CITY ... 
4083 Oovtmar Ortvt .. .-

IIfephont 463-1711 

faculty member, T.A., you 
have a chance to plan and 
lead your type of excur-
sion. Orientation will be 
kept to a minimum, the 
wilderness will be the 
teacher. Funding will be 
arranged through the Muir 
College Dean's office. 
Transportation and contact 

HcMn: MDndIy.frldly10-7;.... ....11 .. 

NON-PROFIT ORG. 
u.s. Postage 

PAID 
La Jolla, Calif. 
Permit No. 128 

with freshmen over the 
summer is being worked 
out. Next meeting of the 
Muir 0 Outdoor Orienta-
tion Experience will be 
Wednesday, May 16 at 5 in 
the CAlPIRG Office (the 
Fishbowl) under the Muir 
Cafeteria. Come share a 
vision. 


