
UNA to Picket Against Discriminatory Hiring 
In protest against discriminatory 

employment practices of the California 
Department of Human Resources and 
Development, United Native Americans 
has scheduled a statewide series of 
picketlines, Tuesday, January 29. 

demand that native Americans occupy 
at least two of the top 100 managerial 
and professional positions, 15 among 
the top 1,000 positions, and 100 among 
the top 5,000 positions in California's 
HRD offices. 

native American job developers, 
although funds were available for 
other minority job developers," said 
Brightman. "Today there are still no 
Indian HRD job developers in San 
Francisco, los Angeles or Bishop." 

saying that it was just a piece of paper. 
He further stated that Hansen in-
dicated that he would make no moves 
to ' comply and so far he hasn't." 
Removal of HRD Director Hansen is 
the final demand of the UNA picketers. 

United Native Americans, a national 
Indian organization, demands HRD 
increase native American employment 
from the present level of 36 to 245 
positions. 

"Right now only 36 of 12,162 HRD 
employees are native Americans," 
stated lehman Brightman, Chairman of 
UNA. 

"Of the native Americans presently 
employed by HRD, none are in the top 
1,000 managerial or professional 
positions, three are in the top 5,000 
positions, and less than .3 percent of all 
full-time positions are filled by native 
Americans," stated Brightman. 

A full-scale investigation of HRD by 
. the labor Department to force HRD 

compliance with the equal services 
clause in the Civil Rights Act is the 
third UNA demand. 

"In April 1971, the labor Depart-
ment determined HRD a 'de facto 
discriminator against native 
Americans,''' stated Brightman. "That 
September the labor Department 
issued an order to HRD which 
demanded they comply with the equal 
services clause in the Civil Rights act by 
providing equal services and employ-
ment for minorities." 

"Hansen dislikes m in orities, es-
pecially Indians," explained Bright-
man. "He refused to comply with the 
Civil Rights Act and with the rulings of 
the labor Department. Under 
Hansen 's direction, HRD refuses equal 
employment for native Americans and 
other minorities through indifference, 
bureaucratic incompetence and con-
tinued domination by anglo personnel. 
Hansen is a racist." concluded Bright-
man . 

"Because of poverty, lack of educa-
tion and under-employment, Indians 
are 2Y2 times more likely than Anglos 
to require HRD services," added 
Brightman, "yet HRD has virtually no 
native Americans in managerial , 
counseling or Job developing 
positions." 

UNA's 'picket line represents the 

"According to the Department of 
Industrial Relations , the 160,000 
California Indians have a 20 percent 
higher unemployment rate than 
blacks, earn 25 percent less than black 
or chicanos, and 75 percent of native 
Americans over 25 years of age earn 
less than $5,000 annually." pointed out 
Brightman. 

"In 1967 HRD stated that their 
department had no funds to employ 

Brightman added, "Sigmund Han-
son, executive director of HRD, replied 
to the labor Department's order 

The San Diego picket line will 
organize at 9 a.m. in the parking lot of 
HRD's downtown office. Various 
Women's groups, black, chicano, 
radical Asian, and native American 
groups will participate. 

Volume 18, Number 6 

President Thieu Denies 
Suppression, Corruption 

Amidst the news of the peace settlement, a sen-
sational interview with South Vietnamese President 
Nguyen Van Thieu by journalist Oriana Fallaci has gone 
virtually unnoticed. Released four days ago to 
American audiences in the journal The New Republic, 
the interview examines the events leading to the 
breakdown of the October peace agreement and the 
resumption of the bombing, and also contains Thieu's 
answers to the common charges that he is wealthy and 
his regime corrupt and dictatorial. Excerpts are as 
follows: (the interview took place in Saigon on 
December 30). 

Q. President Thieu ... How do you answer those who 
call you the dictator of South Vietnam? 

A. Tiens! Mademoiselle, I don't know if we should 
tape this too with your tape recorder but. .. take a look 
at the countries of Southeast Asia today and then tell 
me which can be called democratic according to your 
concept of democracy. Thailand? Korea? Philippines? 
In all sincerity, it seems to me that Vietnam is the most 
democratic of them all. Maybe not democratic as you 
would like, but democracy isn't a standard to apply in 
an identical way everywhere. Decocracy as they have it 
in America or as you have it in Europe cannot exist here 
as yet. We aren't ready for it yet. Don't forget that 
Vietnam never knew democratic life in the sense that 
you mean it. Until 1945 we were a French colony. Until 
1954 we were dominated by the Vietminh. Until 1963 
we were under President Diem. I take the liberty of 
affirming that democracy began to exist here in 1965 
when I became president. What is your next question? 

Q. I hate to be brutal but I have a series of rather 
brutal questions. First. What about the fact that you're 
called an American puppet or the milln of the 
Americans? 

A. Do the Americans say that? 
Q. Yes, millny Americillns. 

A. I'm the man of the Vietnamese, not the milln of the 
Americans. Even less am I an American puppet and I 
think I have demonstrated that recently, also' in this 
interview. Towards the Americans I feel as a friend and 
an ally, nothing more. I belong to nobody. Pile ase, go 
on. 

Q. Second. What about those who say that you are 
corrupt, the most corrupt man in Vietnam? 

A. Mademoiselle ... lt isn't even worth answering. 
What should I answer? When the slan.der 
machine starts up, there is no way to stop It. Those 
accusations are not made by mistake, they are inten-
tional and made with a purpose. One can correct a 
mistake, not a purpose. So I'll only answer with a 
question I Have you ever seen the daughter of ill 
president living in a pension run by nuns in london? 
Mine lives there. 

Q . Well .. .Iet's put it like this. Is It true that you were 
born very poorf 

A. Very true. My father was In orphan at the ale of 
ten. When he lot married, my mother had to brlnl rice 
and coconuts to the villale mlrket, she hid to sell her 

University of California, San Diego 

Simian Spheroid Wins the TRITON TIMES 
"Nixon-Kissinger Put Your Money Where Your 
Mouth is - Peace is At Hand Pool! 

"I knew it all along" • 
(The winner, as he arrived at the TRITON TIMES 
office to pick up grand prize - 1400 Lbs of 
bananas.) 

little hut and go live on the other side of the river 
because she needed money. Thanks to her, my elder 
brother could study in Paris; my younger one could 
study in Hue; but I had to attend school in the village. 
My brothers are ambassadors today; they are two self-
made men, but my sisters still bring the basketsofrice 
and chickens to the market as my mother did . Please, 
go on . 

Q . third. Is it true that today you are immensely rich, 
that you have bank accounts and houses in 
Switzerland, in london, in Paris, in Australia? 

A. It isn't true and I swear it on the head of my 
children, that I have nothing abroad. Not the house in 
london, not the house in Paris, not the house in 
Australia, or .in Switzerland. Rumors of this last one 
came to me some time ago, through some Americans 
and I replied: "Messieurs les Americaisn, you have all 
the means for discovering this house and all the best 
cameras to take pictures of it. Show me the photos of 
that house."Mademoiselle, I only have something in 
Vietnam and do you want to know what I have? I have a 
place at headquarters because, being a general, I am 
entitled to possess two bachelor apartments. So I have 
made one apartment out of those two and I have 
modernized it a little to go there and rest on weekends. 
But it doesn't belong to me really; it belongs to the 
army and in fact I'll transform it into a museum when I 
retire. Then I have a wooden house on the river and I 
use it on Sundays when I go waterskIIng on the river. 
It's a prefabricated house, rather Inexpensive, iIInd It 
was given to me by the Union of the lumbermen as a 
gift. Then I have the house where I was born, and It is 
the poorest in the villile. People pass It Ind joke: 
"look It the house of the presldentl" Flnilly, I have a 

Friday, January 26, 1973 

little farm where I amuse myself in agricultural ex-
periments. There I grow rice, watermelons; I raise 
chickens and ducks and pigs; and I also have fish in the 
ponds. Thats all. Since I became president, I haven't 
even bought a car ... 

Q. I think it's time to speak about the Vietcong and 
the other major disagreement you had with Dr. 
Kissinger. 

A. Tres bien What I maintain is that the political 
formula accepted by the Americans in October is a 
formula of coalition government that the Communists 
want to impose on us. What I maintain is that we'll 
never accept such a formula, no matter how well 
disguised . I do not impose any form of government on 
Hanoi, and I do not want Hanoi to impose any form of 
government on Saigon ... 

Q. President Thieu, allow me to believe that your 
advice to be patient wasn't the only thing you said to 
Henry Kissinger. Allow me to believe that impatience is 
not the only thing you have to reproach him with . 

A. It isn't. Et voila what I told the Americans : "You ' re 
a giant: you don 't care about anyth ing because you 
having nothing to be afraid of. You weigh 200 pounds, 
and if you swallow 
a pill which is bad for your health, nothing happens to 
you . I am a small man, however, and maybe ... un peu 
ma/ade. I only weigh 100 pounds, and if I swallow the 
same pill, I might die ... A bad agreement means nothing 
to you. To me, it's a matter of life and death . What do 
these 300,000 orth Vietnamese (troops in the South) 
mean to you? Nothing. What is the loss of South 
Vietnam if you look at it on the world's map? Just a 
speck. The loss of South Vietnam may even be good for 
you, sure! It may be good to contain China, good for 
your world strategy. But for me ... it isn't a question of 
choosing between Moscow and Peking. It's a question 
of choosing between life and death." 

Q. I wonder what Dr. Kissinger answered, or at least, 
what he thought. 

A. Mademoiselle ... his strategic conception of the 
world is very smart; a Southeast Asia controlled by the 
Russians, or an Indochina controlled by the Russians, in 
order to control and contain China. Russians are less 
dangerous than the Chinese, so it's necessary to ask the 
Russians to contain the Chinese and to pose Indochina 
as a threat to the south of China .... (But) a little Viet-
namese doesn 't play with a strategic map of the world . 
He has no group interest on this plJnet. He has nothing 
to exchange, no Middle East to exchange with Vietnam, 
no Germany to exchange with Vietnam; he has nothing 
but life and death for 17 million inhabitants! And his 
danger is to fall under the sway of Hanoi, or of Moscow 
and Peking, because it is the same thing ... We're a small 
country, dear American friends . 0 Jr problem is ur-
vival, not the worldly interest of the great powers. Oh, 
these great powers who divide t .1e world among 
them elvesl They have free trade everywhere. and who 
cares if this costs the life ot a small country? 

Q . In other words, President Thieu, your opinion i 
that Dr. Kissinger was going to sell South Vietnam in 
the interest of his world strategy. 

A. 'ft bien. I don 't know if that was hi intention. 
Maybe he thought in complete good faith that it was a 
good agreement, a right iIIgreement. But I know that for 
us it WIS a matter of survival, to be or not to be ... 



~ltILIE'CTIEI() ~11l'()ll2lr~ 
What's 

Happening? 
On Thursday, February 8, Margaret Mead witt speak 

on human settlement patterns in the future. Lecture 
will begin at 8 p.m. in the Multi-purpose Room at V.A. 
Hospital. Fees: $3.00 general admission, $1 .. 00 f.or 
students. Register at the door or through University 
Extension Office. There will be a discussion session 
following the lecture... ' 

Nels J. Oas will speak at the University Lutheran 
Church this Sunday. His central theme will be " You are 
a child of the univers" from Desiderata. Services begin 
at 10:00 a.m ... 

A collection of portrait photography done by 
students of Antony DiGesu is on exhitit now in Cluster 
1 Library ... 

There will be a clarinet and piano duo performing on 
Friday, February 2, in Rm. 409 M.e. Music begins at 
8:30 .. 

An evening of music will be presented this Sunday, at 
8:30 p.m., involving piano, clarinet, and percussion 
instruments. The concert will be held in Rm. 409 M.c.. .. 

Pran Nath and Terry Riley present an evening of 
North Indian Ragas this Saturday, beginning at 8:30 in 
Rm. 409 M.C. ... 

The Physical Education Department is sponsoring a 
"Belmont Park Fun Night" for facuity, staff, students, 
and their families tomorrow. Buses will leave Urey Hall 
at 5:45 p.m. and be back by 11 :00 p.m. There will be 

Shanghai 
ndarin & Shanghai 

Style 
Chinese Restaurant 

unlimited use of all rides at the park. Tickets are $2 and 
are available at the P.E. Office ... 

Due to the passing away of our former president, Nat 
Feldman has cancelled his lecture scheduled for 
Thursday until next Tuesday, from .. to 6 p.m. The 
lecture will be open to the public and will be held in 
BSB 2100 .... 

Today at the International Center at ~ p.m., He~ri 
Agresti, a French graduate student and ~Igh-mountaln 
guide, will show slides about mount~lns .of Europe: 
France, Italy, Switzerland; Africa : Algena, Niger; and of 
Asia: Afghanistan ... 

SIMS 
Center Opens 

The inauguration of the new UCSD Studen.ts Inter-
national Meditations Society (SIMS) center Will occur 
today at noon. Located between the Revelle Informal 
Lounge and the food ma~hines ~ehi.nd !he cafeter.ia, 
the new office-lounge Will beglne Its first day With 
refreshments, a group meditation, and a tape by the 
SIMS founder, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. However, the 
meeting will be open only to persons initiated in to the 
practice of Transcendental Meditation (TM) . 

TM, known as the practical aspect of the Scien~e and 
Creative Intelligence (SCI) by its followers, IS also 
considered by them to be the oldest, simplest, fastest, 
and least disciplined technique for obtaining direct 
contact with the Absolute (Infinite unboundness). 
Approximately 200,000 people practice TM daily in the 
U.S. alone and about 10,000 more are initiated each 
month. All persons interested in finding out more 
about TM, SCI, or SIMS are invited to go to one of the 
introductory lectures given on and off campus, or drop 
by the new center. 

There will be a special guest speaker giving one of 
these introductory lectures at Sumner Auditorium and 

Zeppo: Do you like Kiplingl 
Groucho: You Naughty boy, I've Never Kippled. 

in Urey Hall on Valentine's Day (Feb.1~). Other i~­
teresting activities will include a TV speCial on SCI In 
February and a SCI symposium on March 18: Also, 
weekly group meditations will b«: h~ld every ~nday ~t 
noon with special tapes by MaharishI. All meetings Will 
occur in the UCSD SIMS center. 

Vietnamese 
Culture 
Nights 

A Vietnam cultural program will be held on January 
30 and 31, in Revelle Cafeteria. The program has been 
coordinated by The Union of Vietnamese in the U.S. 
and will begin at 8 p.m. It will consist of Vietnamese 
mythology, painting, slides, scenery, and songs. Two 
movies will also be shown. They are "The V,ictory of 
Dien Bien Phu" and "Struggle for life." The Union of 
Vietna';'ese in the U.S. are for the most part, Viet-
namese students studying in this country. They are 
making an effort through programs such as t.his one !o 
educate the American people about Vietnamese 
culture. This event is sponsored by the Radical Coali-
tion. 

Bus 
Service 
Extended 

All Route "R" trips are 
being extended to the 
UCSD housing at Miramar 
Street and Regents Road 
commencing January 28th" 
according to Tom Prior, ' 
general manager of San 
Diego Transit Corporation. 
Service will be provided 
from 6 a.m. until midnight 
for the convenience of the 
UCSD students. 

The extension includes 
service in the vicinity of 
La Jolla Country Da 
School and the new 
Northern Division Police 
Station and Fire 
located near Genesee a 
Westgate Mall. 

San Diego Transit 
po ration countinues 
serve San Diego co 
muters at the fare of 

USE ••• 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper, 'motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our "Automa· 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer discounts and 
market values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

10% off dinner 
menu with student 1.0 . 

per trip with free 
UU~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~lf~~leges or $10 a II the Saverpass, 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDA Y LUNCHES 

1017 prospect 
LA JOLLA 
454-5606 

171 timet e de,. Smile away 10 los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burbank, Ontario, and 
Lang Beach. And retum. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy·\o·bear, low 'are. 'IA , .... you • 11ft. 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, January 26, 1973 

SKI MAMMOTH TAHOE 
FEB. 2,3,4 

FEB. 16, 17, 18, 19 

Hansen's Surfboards 
1105 Hwy. 101 Encinitas 

753-6595 
For Surf" Ski Conditions 

753-6221 

Come to this Christian Science Lecture 

MASONIC TEMPLE 
1401 Windsor Road, Cardiff 

Saturday, January 27, 1973,3 PM 
No Collection . Child Care. 

unlimited use 
I~alena,ar month. 

lfi) 
<J4.4£4~T ~1If3() 

~T(1[)~~~ 

Now Playing 

The Crowd Roars 
(1932) 

James Cagney Ann Dvorak 
Joan Blondell 

-plus-
Sea Hawk 

with 
Errol Flynn 

Suncbty MatInee / Student DIK_t 
lox OffIce opeml' 5:]1 -'JSl 

the do[tor's bag 
are rarely indicated other 
wise. 

lighting fluids, such as gas-
oline? 

of light from a flash cube is 
less than one hundredth of 
a second. In spite of the 
intensity of the light, the 
very brief duration makes it 
quite harmless even if the 
baby is facing the light 
directly. Generally, it is 
quite safe to take pictures 

they are deposited into the 
opening of the vagina . 
Therefore, when petting to 
orgasm in the nude, it is 
merely necessary to make 
sure that ejaculation does 
not occur with the penis in 
immediate proximity ot the 

by Arnold Werner, M.D. 

Copyright, 1972 
Address letters to Dr. Ar-
nold Werner, Box 974, East 

QUESTION: During 
orgasm, a friend of mine 
passes considerable air 
from the vaginal opening 
with accompanying noises 
not unlike the ordinary 
paSSing of gas. While it is 
true that the phenomenon 
is associated with some 
pattern of vaginal contrac-
tions, neither of us nave 
encountered it in others. 
Would you comment on 
the cause and relative fre-
quency of the occurence 
among women? 

ANSWER: A good char-
coal lighter fluid would 
have the following proper-
ties : it would ignite slowly 
rather than suddenly and 
explosively; it would not 
burn with a high flame and 
smoke excessively; it 
would burn off rapidly and 
would not leave any 
residual odor. Gasoline is 
not an appropriate fluid to 
use to light charcoal fires. It 
is highly explosive and 
flares very highly. Liquid 
charcoal lighter fluids 
should not be added to a 
charcoal fire once the coals 
have been burning since 
there is a risk of the fluid 
catching fire and exploding 
backward into its con-
tainer. The lighter fluid 
usually burns off complete-
ly before one begins to 
cook so there is no danger 
from it. 

of ~wborns with flash ~~===========;;;;;;;;;~~===;!! ... bulbs or electronic flash. If II 
you are using the older 
type of single flash bulbs, it 
is generally recommended 
that a clear plastic shield be 
placed over the flash gun 
in case of the very rare 
instance of a bulb ex-

vaginal opening. 

REEFER MADNESS has shown three times at the 
Academy Sat urday Midnight Movies .. each time 
to capacity audiences. Now it's here at regular 
times tor one week only. DON'T MISS IT , Lansing, MI. 48823 

QUESTION: I am a 20 
year old coed with a 
problem of sorts. Recently, 
while home from school, I 
took ill. My mother thinks 
that every time someone in 
the house gets ill, they 
need a hot, .soapy enema. 
The last time I argued 
violently, but to no avail. 

My roommate at school 
agrees with my mother, 
and my doctor said it may 
not be helpful but there 
isn't much danger of any 
harm resulting .1 contend 
that if an enema is a must, it 
should be neither hot nor 
soapy. 

ploding. 
Taking moving pictures 

indoors using photo floods 
is far more difficult for the 
child since the great inten-
sity of the light is unrelen-
ting. Infants have poorly 
pigmented irises and even 
though the eye adjusts to 
the light intensity, a large 
amount of brightness still 
reaches the retina, causing 
considerable discomfort. 

QUESTION: It is easy to 
obtain contraceptive infor-
mation concerning inter-
cou rse, however, what 
precautions are necessary 
when petting to orgasm 
while nude? If some semen 
soaks into the bed, is it still 
safe for the woman to sleep 

THIS IS THE HILARIOUS 
ORIGINAL 
UNCUT, 

VERSION 
0,.. MOMFNr", 6USS-
A LIFETIME'" REGRET! 

THE 1936 " CLASSIC" 
LARGELY RESPONSIBLE 

FOR MARIJUANA LAWS TODAY. 
NOW A FANTASTIC COMEDY. 

ANSWER: The role of 
enemas in medicine has 
declined in importance 
compared to what it was 
earlier in the century. In 
years past when much less 
was known, many illnesses 
were attributed to the large 
intestine and its contents. 
There was a theory of il-
lness based on the absorp-
tion of bacterial toxins 
from the large intestine, for 
insta1]ce. The anus, by 
proyiding such ready 
access to the "filth" - con-
taining intestines, became 
a favorite place to stick in 

ANSWER : During sexual 
excitement in a woman, 
the inner two-thirds of the 
vagina tend to expand con-
siderably in size, 
ballooning outward. Air 
can become trapped in the 
vagina with the in inter-
vaginal pressure, the air 
can escape nOisily. The oc-
curence of the 
phenomenon would be 
dependent upon the 
vigorousness with which 
intercourse is engaged in, 
the position assumed, the 
anatomy of the people in-
volved, and auditory acui-
ty. Be assured, there is no 
way that I can comment on 
the frequency of this oc-
curence. As with most 
other erotic phenomena, 
the fact that it can be ex-
plained on normal 
physiological grounds 
should be sufficiently 
reassuring, and the need 
for precise statistical defini-
tion is gilding the lily. 

An additional word of 
caution : charcoal fires 
produce tremendous 
amounts of carbon monox-
ide and under no cir-
cumstances should they be 
used indoors. Therehave 
been a number of reported 
deaths from using charcoal 
fires indoors and quite a 
few of these have come 
from peopleusing them in 
camper trailers where the 
enclosed space is small and 
toxic levels of corbon 
monoxide can build up 
within a few minutes. 

there? 
ANSWER : Sperm cells are 

incapable of jumping out 
of bed, leaping tall 
buildings in a single bound 
are far slower than a 
steaming locomotive and 
incapable of making a 
woman pregnant, unless 

THE FIIESIGN TN .. I. 

QUESTION: Can taking 
pictures of a new born 
baby with a flash cube hurt 

IN 7~ M I NUHS Of PURl INS.IlU/r 

~jj,ilj J,il,J 
~j) ,jj.J ~ jj~.iJj ,'} 

QUESTION: Is there any 
danger of eating food 
which has been cooked 
over fires started with char-
coal lighter or other 

their eyes, or is there a 1!!!l!!~~!!!!~~~~!!!!!!!!J 
natural protection of the ~~l~~Il"~.===~I====lt.IrtC~~~~ eye · from the bright flash 1 

ANSWER : The duration "hL"'~ 

TEACHERS 
EXCHANGE OR 

REII.'TIYOUR 
HOME THIS VACATION 

things. Great imagination rr~~~~===~~~~e!55:!!;;e;;5:~ 
was shown in the diversity 
of enema solutions and 
means of administration. 
The best one I heard of was 
milk and mJlasses which 
may have been used more 
for its optimistic expec-
tations of sweetness and 
wholesomeness than for its 
therapeutic efficacy. 

Little children almost in-
variably greet an enema 
with terror and link it with 
punishment. For your 
mother to persist in giving 
you an enema at age 20 is 
not justified on 
physiological grounds and 
it places you in an if!ap-
propriately infantile posi-
tion. Rape is unhealthy no 
matter what form it takes. 
Gentle enemas are 
reeo m m e rrd ed by 
physicians in cases of 
severe constipation and 
before certain diagnostic 
or sergical procedures, but 

VACATION EXCHANGE 
provides iistings of available 
teacher homes throughout 

California, New York 
for free inform,tlon. write 
TfACItBI5' VACATION EXCHANGE 
OrpU 
' .0. 10.4427 
, ......... , c.III. '11. 

ROZAN's 
BY THE SEA 

OFFERS 

. 50¢ 
Dinners 

every nite 
488-1822 

4343 Ocean Blvd 
at the foot of Grand 
Pacific Beactl 

REGAL NOTES 
UNDERSTAND PLAYS, NOVELS AND POEMS 

FASTER WITH OUR NOTES 
We're new and we're the biggest! Thousands of lopics 
reviewed for quicker understanding. Our subjects include not 
only English but Anthropology, Art. Black Studies. Ecology. 
Economics, . Educallon, History. Law. Music, Philosophy, 
POlitical Science. Sociology and Urban Problems. Send $2 for 
your catalog of topics available. 

REGAL NOTES 
3160 "0" treet. N.W. 

Washington, D.C. 20007 
Telephone: 202333-0201 

r-------SATURDAyAT MIDNIGHf·-----.. 
MICK JAGGER & THE ROLLING STONES 

GIMME SHELTER 
wll'k IKEandTINA TURNER and theJEFFERSON AIRPlANE 

PLUS: SEMI-TRUCK (8) ~~;_.:~ 
& CHAPTER 30f THENEWADVENTURESofTARZAN 

EXTRA THE~AWINGFOA A 
.... 

V Q VVATERBED 
&MIDDLEARTH CANDLES! 
An.A..D~M7 
3721 iiiYfEY iiiC 2&t·1OOO 

OPEN FOR LUNCH DAILY AT 11 :00 AM 
111 lb. Hamburger Pastrami & Corned Beef 

Pizza & Spaghetti Torpedo & Stromboli 
BEER & WINE 

Open lJ:OOAM- 2:00AM Mon.-Sat. 
11 :00 AM--12:00 PM- Sun. 

ALSO, ORDERS TO GO 

*2212 CARMEL VALLEY 
ROAD 

Carnegie A-440 
Pizza Hall [ 

5 Minutes 
From Campus 

~ 
I,t rslat 5 L 

,-,r .......... 014- Gene ee ~. 
.11\,," ~ .... 
... , t · UCSD 

'Page 3 FridaYI January 26, 1973 Triton Times 



tritoq tinles 
University of CalHor.u, s.n Oieto 

La 101 .. , Callfomu. 92037 -
(714) 453-2000, ext. 101 Advertlslnl ext. 1017,453-8722 

Camy Slw-Ic:k, Edltor-ln-Chlef 
Michael GrftM, luslneu MalYlef 

The edhoriall below ilre approyed by the TRITON TIMES 
Edho"" brei. All other opinions expreaed on this pale are 
thole of the iluthon whose names appear In the bylines, and 
do not nKellilrlly reRect the ylews of the TRITON TIMES. 
Anyone deslrl"l to submit material to be published In this 
.sectlon should send It to the Editorial Direc:tor, TRITON 1:IMES, 
117 Blake Hall, RHeile Cilmpus, UCSD. 

What Price Peace? 
There is a weariness in many people across 

America today. Tomorrow there may be rejoicing, 
there may be relief. But the odds are great that 
there will stili be that weariness-a moral 
weariness-as the people of this country watch like 
a deaf, dumb, and blind audience, the final act of 
the spectacle of the last two decades. They 
bought their admission tickets with their 
birthrights. It used to seem a bargain"Amerlca" 
was the Greatest Show in Earth; at least, that ws 
what they were told and may have even believed. 
But with changes In age, awareness, and 
affluence, there occurs a curious split In attitude. 
Too many can no longer be dazzled by the 
spectacle of America any more than they can by 
the circus. 

The bubble has burst and too many are just 
plain tired; they are tired of restraining the anger, 
frustration, and disillusion of awareness. The 
ringleader is no longer that magnificent man he 
once appeared to be; he is now treacherous, 
ruthless, and truly a master of only ceremonies. 

Some found themselves clowns; they broke the 
tension and provided some comic relief while the 
lions and tigers and bears of Industry, labor, and 
politics danced and pranced for their master . The 
audience laughed because they could not un-
derstand what was being said. But the ringmaster 
raged, because he feared what the clowns knew, 
and whipped them Into mute submission. 

Perhaps some remain clowns. But most have 
sensed the futility of their role, and it is that sense 
of futility which leaves them powerless. In the 
pragmatics of practical politics, the Intelligentsia 
finds itself powerless. And that is who we clowns 
are, Richard Nixon. You wln ... but you play dirty. 
The make-up is off, now. There is no longer 
anything with which to disguise the moral 
questions that have hovered above our shoulders 
and yours. You win, Richard Nixon, but at what 
price? America, Mr. President. You have 
destroyed this country morally, pOlitically, 
economically, and some have gladly let you do 
so. But where is your bag of tricks now? How can 
you cope with a big-top full of customer and NO 
SHOW? You , sir, are in the center ring, and the 
spotlight is precisely where you have always 
wanted it on you . You now bear the moral 
responsibility of every man, woman, and child In 
this country; that is the nature of your position. 

And perhaps now you think it Is a one-man 
show? The show is over, Mr. President. Take a 
look around you: the audience is gone. Oh, you 
have a full house? They're only dummies, 
because we finally saw the strings. You tuned us 
out long ago, when we still though what we said , 
and did , and cared about really mattered. But you 
managed to systematically destroy, intim idate, or 
buy your way Into every show in town. Big-time 
operators we don't enjoy. For us, the circus just 
isn 't any fun any more. 

triton times 
Editor-in-Chief ••••••••••.••• Carny Sharick 
City Editor •••. • ••• ••••••••• Carrie Rickey 
Managing Editor . • ••••••• David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor ••• , ••• •••. Debbie Montgomery 
Business Managr!r ••• ••• • ••• Michael Greene 
Editorial Director • ••••• ..• ••••• Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor •••• ••• ••• •.•••• Tom Lindberg 
Sports Editor •• • • • • • • • • • • • •• Michael Rath 
Photography Editor •••••..•••• , .joe East .. rn 
Secretary • •••••• ••• • •••••• Corinne Cacas 
Assistant City Ed itor .•••••••••• Kathy Kuenzi 
Associate City E litors ••••• •• •• Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr. • • • • . • . • • •• Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial D, r. . ••• .••. •• Barbara Randall 
Asst. Sports Editor •••••.•••••••• Mark Liska 
The TRITON TIMES is oWeiillly recosnlzed al a student 
newspaper by the CommuniCiitlon Board of the Univer-
sity of Cillifornia, Sin Dieso, Bulldlns 250, Matthew, 
Campus, La Jolla, Callfornlil 92037. Publication Is twke 
weekly on Tuesdays and FrldilY'. Offices lire 10Ciited In 
Room 117, Blilke Hall, Reyelle Campus. For ..dYertlsinll 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for edltorlill or news 
phone X 1016. 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, January 26, 1973 

FEIFFER 

-rHf' 5fCR£T OF 
TRue; L-OVe «5: 

ow. P\IoIIIWW .... H.H I'~ .. 
~ .. .,.,.._ .. r 

BUT WE TALI< 
00 THe ~6 
FOR HCXJRS . 

"I ••• my •• lf .1 . Ion. 
cowboy I •• dlng • Clrlvln •.. "KISSinger 

The New Rep-ubllc 

RICHARD NIXON 
'AND 

HENRY KISSINGER 

RICHARD NIXON IN A UNITED STATES PRODUCTION 
A RICHARD NIXON FILM 
"PEAC! WITH HONOR" 

Guest Stars. LE DUC THO· NGUY!N VAN THI!U 
GENERAL GIAP • CREIGHTON A.RAMS • WILLIAM 

WESTMOA!LAND • 
• HO CHI MINH. SPIAO AGN!W • NGUY!N CAO KY 

Muelc CompoMd and Conducted by 
The SAHN QUAR· TI!T 

Song "Happy Ho-Chl Minh Trails to you". 
Lyrics by Ike. Jack. Lyn and Dick 

• Sung by Sgt. Barry Sadler. An Original Screenplay by 
THE BIG FOUR. Produced by AMERICAN TAXES 

• Directed by RICHARD NIXON • Technlcolor 
SPECIAL EFFECTS By LT. WIL,LIAM CALLEY JR. 

HI.r sot. Barry Sodl.r Sing "Happy Ho 
Chi Minh Tr.". To y",," On Penlagon Record. 

WASHINGTON PARIS SAIGON HANOI 
White Embassy Presidential Ministry 
House Hotel Palace Bul/dlng 

11th SMASH YEARI 
... lSO IN C ... MBOOI .... LAOS AND THAILAND 

DIPLOM ... TS. PLEAS£ PA£S!NT FOAKED TONOU£ 
... T BOX OFFICE FaA ANY PERFORM ... NCE 

The Freed 
One of the most dangerous notions currently being 

propogated by this nation's anti-intellectual establishment is 
the idea of selective censorship. According to this notion, 
the propogators of "correct" ideas have a right to forcibly 
suppress the expression of "incorrect" ideas, whether based 
on the bourgeois tenets of capitalism, racism, sexism, or war. 
Such a view has manifested itself in such diverse attempts as 
those of a group of women's liberationists to block a debat~ 
on the legal status of abortion, or of a group of students and 
faculty to prevent the teaching of "racist" ideas or to 
violently suppress military recruitment on campus, or of all 
among this nation's professional Intellectuals who have 
resorted to every subtle form of threat, intimidation, ca-
jolery and coercion to suppress the ideas they opposed and 
to the'reby create an atmosphere not of intellectual freedom, 
but of uneasiness, regimentation, and fear. 

But these efforts, according to their proponents, are not. 
abrogations of freedom of speech; they are merely reinter-
pretations of the meaning of this most fundar:nental of 
human rights within the context of a new and enlightened 
age. They are merely manifestations of "repressive 
tolerance" designed to protect the innocent and unsuspec-
ting masses from ideas injurious to their class welfare. 
Freedom of speech must now be reinterpreted as the right of 
individuals to express "correct" ideas, these to be deter-
mined by the verdict of those in authority. It should not be 
taken to include the expression of ideas by fat-cat capitalists, 
male-chauvinist-pigs, genocidal racists, or imperialist war-
mongers. 

To understand the deeper implications behind the doc-
trine of selective censorship, we must ask ourselves two 
fundamental questions: what is the meaning of freedom of 
speech, and what is the purpose and function of free~m of 
speech within the context of a free or even semi-free 
society? 

Freedom of speech is the right of every individual to freely 
express his ideas without fear of violent and forcible suppres-
sion from others. It is the right of every individual to think for 
himself, to draw his own conclusions, and to attempt to non-
coercively persuade others of the validity of his conclusions. 
It must be emphasized that this does not bestow upon any 
individual the right to violently invade the person or proper-
ty of another. 

What is the purpose of freedom of speech? Historically, 
the idea of freedom of speech originated in response to the 
arbitrary attempts of despotic rulers to forcibly suppress the 
expression of ideas contrary to the liking of the despot. 
Throughout history, the authoritarian institutions of church 
and state had attempted to suppress unpopular ideas and 
persecute their propogators as heretics and rebels. The great 
victims of this policy of mental genocide were always the 
same the ihinkers, the innovators, the audacious young men 
and women of creative genius who challenged and uprooted 
the entire foundation of human knowledge, the great 
benefactors of mankind, the fountainheads ' of human 
progress. How many such great human beings perished in 
obscurity along with such gifts as they possessed will never 
be known. What is important is that mankind learn the lesson 
of their destruction. 

It was to prevent the suppression not of popular, but of 
unpopular ideas, that led to the establishment of freedom of 
speech as a basic human right. People had always had the 

Ciao! Manhattan: Trahiso 
Time was when the artist served a positive and respectable 

function in society. He may have been a mild-mannered 
Bach, a tortured Rimbaud, an egocentric Wagner, but he 
belonged and contributed to the value and distinction of his 
civilization. The richness of human experience, from radiat 
pulchritude to dark tragedy, was his substance; the wisdom 
and edification of high culture were the lasting products of 
his endeavors. 

Such inspiring thoughts must remain in the past tense, 
however, for it is a truism that they have been under 
sustained and direct attack throughout our generation. The 
very foundations of civility, of what Russell Kirk calls the 
"moral imagination," are arrogantly and peremptorily 
challenged by the literary-intellectual Zeitgeist as never 
before. And the result, the inevitable harvest of what has 
been sown, is the accelerating moral and cultural decay of 
our society. 

The decade of the Sixties in particular seems to bring out, 
in garish psychedelic colours, the various aberrances and 
depravities produced by modern "artists." Woodstock-
Altamont, street theater, the drug cult, "sensory awareness," 
such are the phenomena at which future historians will shake 
their heads, wondering what happened to the Western 
civilization that produced Sophocles, Dante, Mozart. 
Perhaps they will mark our generation as an affluent Dark 
Age, a cemetery of the human spirit ruled by barbarism and 
decadence. 

Ciao! Manhattan a film currently receiving lavish praise 
from the critics, is a prime example of contemporary trends. 
It is the story, more or less, of Edie Sedgwick, a lovely 
socialite who Joined the nightmare world of Andy Warhol in 
the Sixties, ran the gamut of drugs and schizophrenia, and 
consummated her marriage to haUl monde by dying of an 
overdose at the age of 28. Set in the dissolute whirlwind of 
New York's avant-garde, Ciaol confronts us with a dis-
organized kaleidoscope of pathetic characters, tragicomic 
semiscenes, and black-and-white flashbacks to Edie's past 
interspersed with the rainbow surrealism of her present. 
Most of the movie is spent watching this oddly charming 
creature stumble about in an amphetamine stupor, float In 
and out of weird subplots, and amiably wallow In the utmost 
depths of human depravity, until we are left only with 

to agree with the Ideas of those In power; it was the 
to disagree even with the established doctrines of the 

re world that had to be protected. It was precisely to 
ntain a society in which each person could freely and 
nly express his ideas, irrespective of their content, that 

, ....... ,rinm of speech became established as a -fundamental 
n right. 

Freedom of speech has always been incomprehensible to 
who viewed human communication as just so many 

rds, phrases, sentences, and grammatical structures. It has 
seemed superfluous to those who viewed human 

munication as ,an exchange of arbitrary, meaningless 
ysical sounds having no relation to the real world. It was to 
e glory of those who understood that the purpose of 
man communication is the exchange of ideas, that 

Ire'ea,om of speech is the political implementation of the 
hrinrinl .. of f~eedom of thought, that human beings may live 

enjoy the greatest and most treasured of all freedoms. 
What protection do men have against false, destructive 

The greatest of all human capacities reason. To the 
n who refuses to betray the verdict of his own mind, no 

er on earth may force him to act otherwise. He is 
ne from all the world's corruption and betrayal. And 
the free market for goods maximizes men's wealth of 

and services, the free market for ideas maximizes 
's wealth of facts and ideas, enabling them to select 
e ideas which they believe to be true and to discard 

ideas which they believe to be false, just as they would 
those products and services which maximize their 
and discard all others. In an atmosphere of freedom 
each person is free to draw his own conclusions and 

his own ideas, where every individual has access to a 
flow of information, false ideas have no way to win. False 
s have never been able to stand up to the rigor of logical 
"~OIV(I( . Where they have won, they have won not by 

umph, but by default. The propogators of fallacies must 
ppress the propogators of facts in order to spread and 
intain their fallacies; the propogators of facts need not 

ress the propogators of fallacies. Fallacious ideas require 
mosphere of regimentation and suppression in order to 

; valid ideas require of an environment only one 
the freedom of every individual to think for himself. 

rest confession of a movement's impotence is its 
pt to forcibly suppress the Ideas of its opponents. There 

o ~reater indication of its inability to rationally defend its 
Ideas. 

totalitarian state that hilS ever existed has been 
freedom of speech. Either the people of the 

_,I:"'Pn nation have never had such a freedom or the 
_edlom was promptly expropriated as soon as the rulers 

to power. As soon as a totalitarian nation establishes 
, the first freedom invariably to be abolished is freedom 

speech. The two are mutually exclusive' they cannot 
ist wi thin the same nation. Ideas are so ~werful that all 

tanks, and barbed-wire fences in the world are not 
to resist their onslaught. The loss of freedom 

the establishment of censorship on a national 
final signs of a nation's collapse into the abyss of 

•• lit:>ri"ni,..,. What is so dangerous is that freedom of 
can slowly be eroded and lost while no voices are 

to defend It. 
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Let us be vigilant. 

per headlines announcing her death. 
t~is film is not to deny its complex and subtle 

espeCially as they apply to its importance as a 
- 'lIn""''' ' ry of those Silver Sixties. Miss Sedgwick's swan 

indeed document the return to the base and 
the revolt against civilization, that s~ems to mark 

deca But Ciao! Manhartan is primarily significant as 
nother example of the trahison des artistes the treason 

artists, of our age. 
responsibility of the artist aQd the intellectual, who 
be the standard-bearers of their civilization is to gift~ of wisdom and creativity to the flux of ~vents, 
meaning and beauty in existence, to illuminate the 
fac ts of the human spirit. Ciaol Manhattan fails 

~his regard, cOntenting itself with a voyeuristic 
- ..... ,~ " '"t~ th~ m?st corrupt and decadent aspects of 

, revelin~ . In Its amoral solipsism, and providing 
r ammunition for the continuing attack on those 
nts and discriminations which are the quintessence of 

re and civilitation. 
t art, which I define as an experience which moves the 
s,aul, is found in many widely different phenomena : 
lac texture of Mozart's Clarinet Concerto, the 

sness of Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises the "'~splectiion of Bergman's The Seventh Seal. Inde~d, I 
be the first to affirm the value of broadening one's 

of ~nnovation who, for example, would exclude 
IIIlazl:ling fireball of Apollo 17, as it departs the earth, from 

Ith of human experlencel One might as well close his 
a .rose garden, or the winter's first snow as to deny 
lity of artistic change and advance. ' 
"'lgol~s modern artists and Intellectuals worshiping the 
.. of nihilism and relativism, do not even share the 

p.ref!1 ises of civilization. Their determinist and 
list Ideoologies denude the Individual of his dignity 

__ rofA-'_- and their efforts ipso (acto produce distor-
alsehoods, heresies of the vast potentill residing in ~n.d thus Ciao! Manhattan like the wasted life on 
It IS based, is a travesty of the human spirit; for rather lor~ the potential of man as a free creative being, It 

him to an entity tossed helplessly upon I sea of 
al forces, caught In a vortex of events which lead 
y to death and destruction. 

An Open 
Letter To All 
You '5exua/s' 
Editor, TRITON TIMES: 

This is an open letter' to 
J., Jeff W., J.R., the "mad 
Armenian," my friend 
Morgan J., and all 
members of the UCSD 
community, homosexual, 
heterosexual, and just plain 
sexual. 

First, let me join with Jeff 
in expressing gratitude to J. 
for opening the discussion. 
I would also like to thank 
,.R. for demonstrating how 
completely insensitive to 
the problem some non-
homosexuals can be. Both 
he and Jeff seem to think 
that the main reason we 
don't all wear 1.0. buttons 
telling our sexual orienta-
tion is fear of losing our 
friends or of being beaten 
up. Even J. misses the point 
by saying the reason is our 
own "inhibitions" im-
planted by society. I'm not 
being inhibited, I'm being 
silenced under duressl 

Morgan points out that a 
debate cannot begin 
without facts, so let me 
point out a few: First, as in 
42 other states, homosex-
ual acts are illegal in the 
state of California (Penal 
Code Sections 286 and 
288a). Second, the Federal 
government holds that 
even an admission of viola-
tion of these laws (not 
necessarily a conviction) 
shows a "criminal propen-
sity" which can cost a man 
a job with a federal con-
tractor. This is, of course, 
being contested in the 
courts, but that takes time 
and money and in the 
meantime, the law holds. 

Morgan feels " financially 
liberated" and thinks this 
gives us a good apportunity 
to dedicate ourselves to 
civil liberties. Good. 
Working for federal con-
tractors is nat exactly liber-
tarian work anyway, so 
how about working for the 

Equal Emplo~ment Oppor-
tunities Commlssionl Third 
fact : A clerk-typist with the 
Seattle office of the 
E.E.O.C. was fired by order 
of the U.S. Civil Services 
Commission as of January 
5 ,1973, because of 
"notoriously disgracefu I 
conduct" in that he openly 
admitted to being a 
homosexual. A plea for an 
injunction to prevent this 
was denied in U.S. district 
court on the grounds that 
the Civil Service Commis-
sion has "very wide dis-
cression" as to whom it will 
keep on after a 
probationary period. 

The fou rth fact involves 
my personal reasons for 
not identifying myself: I 
have invested many years 
in preparing myself for a 
ca reer of research and 
teaching which will very 
likely involve employment 
by either a state or the 
Federal government. You, 
Morgan, have not. This is 
the main reason you can 
sign your letter and I can-
not sign mine. Not because 
you are less " radical," not 
because of your, shall we 
say, " pan -sexua l " 
philosophy, but because of 
a lack of previous com-
mitments. 

Morgan, in spite of our 
differences, you know I 
love you, and I hope you 
never know the loneliness 
of " being gay." Because of 
your philosophy, and your 
early commitment to it, I 
don't think you ever will. 
But I, and others like me do 
feel a loneliness and 
frustration born of en-
forced silence. We don't 
need to shout it to the 
world, but just to let it be 
understood, in every sense 
of the word, that we are 
Homosexuals. 

What can we do to fight 
this repression? One th ing 
is to pluck up our courage, 
declare ourselves, and do 
battle. I intend to, one day, 
but I intend to pick my 
battlefield carefully. I'm 
not going to be caught in a 

The opinions expressed on these pages are those of the 
authors whose names appear In the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone 
desiring to submit material 10 be published on these pages 
should send it to the Editorial Director. TRITON TIMES, 117 
Blake Hall, UCSO. All conlributiDns MUST incluCle the namB 
and address of the writer. allhough names will be withheld on 
request. Contributions should by typed, double·spaced. with 
60-unit margins, and must be received no later than Tuesday 
for publication on ·Frlday. The TRITON TIMES reserves the 
right to edit materials to comply with libel laws and space 
limitations. Authors of material sent in anonymously this 
quarter and not published may send us their names and 
addresses. with a summary of what their letter said for 
Identification, to be reconsidered. 

T,HtJe 
O~'­
PJa 
1ieat 

We take. phone orders 

Phone ~S3-64SS 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVBUITY CITY 
Governor & Gene.see 
20% off for UCSD 

Students with 10 cards 

" Probationary period," for 
one thing. 

My recommendation, to 
those who feel they can, is 
to follow Morgan 's ex-
ample: Decide early what 
your own se xual 
philosophy and orientation 
is, and how important it is 
to you. If freedom of ex-
pression is going to be of 
value, claim it now, before 
circumstances rob you of 
it. 

You see, J.R., I don't care 
if my straight friends figure 
out who I am and what I 
am . I know, and they 
know, that I am a person of 
worth, no matter what my 
sex life is. If they don 't, and 

source of facts : the 
biweekly newspaper "The 
Advocate." I hate to sound 
like a paper Hawker, but 
it's really the only place I 
know to get facts like the 
ones 1 mentioned earlier, 
especially in. San Diego. 
Ask your gay friends, or try 
one of the "adult" 
bookstores in town. 

Above all , be com-
passionate : if the gay world 
feels threatened by, and 
fears the straight, the con-
verse is also true. Whatever 
role we choose, or fate 
chooses for us, there is a 
little of Morgan's pan-
sexuality in all of us. Can 
you imagine the fear an 
uptight, straight male must 
feel when a little of that 
bubles to the surface upon 
seeing a beautiful young 
man at the beach? 

I lose them as f riends, I 
haven't lost much. I can 
find new f riends. I am 
stuck, however, with 
myself, and with society, 
After much emotional 
pain, I have managed to 
accept myself both in-
tellectually and emotional-
ly. 1 like myself as I am. I 
don't ask society to like 
me, just to understand me 
and to grant me my rights 

"I don ' t know where to 
start 

There are scars I could 
show 

as a human being. The fact 
that this was not the case 
was of no help to me, and 
will be of no help to the 
"mad Armenian, " who is in C 
the first stages of trying to 
learn to like himself. 

You can help, if you will, 
all you pan-sexuals , 
heterosexuals, and fellow 
homosexuals, by be ing 
aware that the battle exists. 
Homosexu als especially : if 
you can ' t afford to let 
others become aware of 
you, at least be aware of 
yourself. May I suggest, for 
the education of all, a good 

If I opened my heart 
But how far, lord, but 

how far can I go? 
I don't know." 

(Leonard Bernste in's "ass") 
Love to all, 

N. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5 '30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

133-8328 

fun-stop 
shopping 
Artiques, books, candles, fountoins, jewelry, leather, mocrome, 
paintings, pots-in foct, everything for the person who doesn 'l 
h~ve everything. 3780 Mission Blvd. in old Mission Beach. Phone 
488·3521. Mon. thru Thurs. Tl:30 am to 9:00 pm-Fri. 1,:30 om 
to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm- Sun. " ':30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YABYUm 

FRIDA Y FLICKS 
1-26-73 

"KLUTE" 
(J. Fonda) 
"Why Do You Smile 
Mona Lisa" 
(Short ) 

.7St 
7:30 & 10:00 
USB 1122 

"THE 
EXILE" 

(D. Fairbanks) 
& 

"THE 
BLACK 

PIRATE" 
D. Fairbanks) 

. , 

.50¢ 7:30 1-27-73 USB 2711 
SA TURDA Y FILMS 

PRESENTED BY CAMPUS 
PROGIUMMlf\!G BOARD 

Page 5 Friday, January 26, 1973 Triton Times 



Weekend Music 
Everyone is invited to attend the 

Youth Auditions to be held from 1 :30 
p.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday, January 28, 1973 
in Recital Hall 409, Me. 

The contest is a yearly event spon-
sored by the la Jolla Civic/University 
Orchestra and Chorus Association. Th is 
year participants come frqm all over 
Southern California to compete for the 
various cash awards. Contestants include 
instrumentalists as well as vocal ists. 

A select panel of judges will be on 
hand to determine the winners. Dr. 
Joseph Whiteford of Palm Springs, 
Professor Barney Childs of Redlands 
University, a Rhodes scholar , composer 
and poet; Donald Dierks, music critic ?f 
the San Diego Union and Dr. EdWin 
london, member of the UCSD music 
faculty , conductor of the la Jolla 
Civic/University Orchestra and Chorus 
and a noted composer, are the dis-
tinguished judges. 

Awards include $200 for first place 
winner plus a solo performance with the 
la Jolla Civic/University Orchestra and 
various other cash awards. 

"Music for Clarinet, Percussion, and 
Piano" will be presented in a free con-
cert to be given Sunday at 8:30 p.m. at 
UCSD. 

The concert will be held in the Recital 
Hall, 409 Me. Among the works to be 
performed are " Ice Age" by Henry 
Brant, " Windows and Clouds" by Joseph 
Julian, "Four Pieces for Clarinet and 
Piano" by Albar Berg, and "Stedman 
Doubles" by Peter Maxwell-Davies. 

Golden Egg 
David Buchbinder 

Tuesday night's opening 
of "One flew over the 
Cuckoo's Nest" at the 
Cassius Carter Centre StaRe 
in Balboa Park was a 
resounding success. The 
opening performance was 
lauded by both the 
audience and actorS in an 
opening night symposium 
held after the perfor -
mance. 

The Dale Wasse rman 
drama is based on the well 
known novel by Ken 
Kesey. The play seems to 
retain much of the original 

Ph lorescence 
Tomorrow 

Two of the zaniest comics who ever 
played music, and a far-out comedian , 
are headlining a concert Jan. 27 at 
UCSD. 

The musicians are Mark Volman and 
Howard Kaylan, now leaders of the 
Phlorescent leech & Eddie group. The 
comedian is Murray Roman, also a com-
edy writer for many top TV shows and 
various comics. 

Vol man and Kaylan started with Frank 
Zappa and the Mothers of Invention -:-
or possibly with the Turtles. They dId 
play with both groups, but in an int~r­
view said they never remembered which 
came first - the Mothers or the Turtles. 

Coincidentally, as Phlorescent leech 
& Eddie, the two men broke in the new 
group at the Funky Quarters in Sa.n 
Diego, to fine reviews and good public 
acclaim. "We were big in San Diego for a 
couple of nights," admitted Kaylan . 
"Then they caught on to us and ran us 
out of town on a PSA Jumbo Jet ." 

The band clowns around on stage, and 
enjoys itself, but underneath it all is 
excellent musicianship. Enough for 
Reprise Records to cut two albums with 
Phlo & Eddie, as they prefer being 
called. 

" But only because they think we' re 
really the Rolling Stones," laughed 
Volman. "I told them I was Mick 
Jagger." 

flavor of the novel and, 
with the exception of the 
fishing trip, which would 
be hard to do on a stage, 
most of the scenes one 
remembers from the novel 
appear in the play version. 

For those who have 
never read the novel, 
" One Flew Over the 
Cuckoo's Nest" involves 
the invasion of a mental 
ward by a rather picares-
que and/ or revolutionary 
hero known as Randall P. 
McMurphy . Russell T. 
Rohrer, making his Old 
Globe debut along with 13 
other members of the 20 
member cast, makes an 
almost excellent 
McMurphy. Combining a 
verite type realism and an 
apparently inborn feeling 
for the rouguish , Rohrer 
turns in a rather convincing 
performance. One can 
laugh, one can cry, one can 
face McMurphy's despair 

FRI.-SUK 

TH WRIGHT STEREO 
IS WAITING FOR YOO AT WRIGHT'S ••• AND FOR THE' 
FIRST TIME THE PRICE BARRIER IS 
BUSIED IN QUAUTY STER~O COMPONENTS WITH 

'1~' 40. 
AfrOMATIC TV.IITAII , 

.'Y'S II SlY 
• INSTANT. 
CREDIT· TERMS 
TO 36 MONTHS 
• BANK AMER-
tCARD • MAS-
TER CHARGE 

'.ur WR'GHT TIoIfl'/lST TIME AND 
rou WON'T HAVE T 'UY AGAIN" 

UMITlO~mlY 

o..~ famous nom. brad compon.nfl ore wed I" this ."lem. The 
Horrfta .... lCordoft 4$ Wotf 230A Rec..iv., hoi deon pow.f and a 
good FM Mdion and facilities 10 occorNnOdct. a tope declc;t 
159.9S. The Garrard 401 Automatic r"rntabl. hal four .pe.ds~ 
and 0 baloncad ton. ann and c .... 1,. I ... , to I.t the diamond 
atykragentiydown 0fWyour prKio.,. record.: 4l9.9S. n.. a..llcue 
ill honcIMM, d.si9 ..... to compll""'" any room clrecor; 5.9!. The 
Jam .. I ' Gtodo Fell CattrWg. . ill giY. yau good elton music: 
2.5.00. The E1ktro-Vok.' I. fvn to,. •• peak.,. are lmali in .1,. 
.... t c1ef",-, , .... t sound; 71.00. Altogether, "'Is mu,ie aya"m I .. 
dollar _ dollar tho .... 1200.00 ComponeM $'1 ...... arouM .rtd 
;0' ..... d .. d loy .... f ....... WOffd Of s....d Writt ... Fivo Y ... 

. WOmlnty. 

".Uot,""_ 
Po ...... So,.,IIt" 

3 1 . ... 

'COMPLRE 
SYSnM 
ONLY ••• 

watllllT'l . ... '- 24015 DI .. _Pri.. oa--

SAVE $118.90 
OTHfl SYSTEMS ',OM 299,95 TO 649,95 

JUST ADMDI FACTDIY AUTHORIZED SPECIAl. 
JANUMY IONUS '11. HAlIUM-WooN 11 YOU! 
I+M.lti-Cbllll Ei&~t Track Deck 
v •• few (.chonMI ., ...... tape 
,Io,"ock. ..U.d, hoeoy-d.ty 
_11001 • .- ....... '- Df . . .... 
It •. ", ~ PlKI 

__ ,. .. ::~~~ @Y ~1~VAllEY (II'''' NIII FAn., TlAllllt TlCIIIII(WUI " TWO tllAT 1M f.'. lEST ""It II flff,ll, COLLEGE AREA 5141 U CAl." IlVl. 
582.3221 wattIIM , ... 0 All TIIISI .... I/l0l1 ••• (GMt '" IO(ATIOIIS Tel 2" 3630 ... 1ft • ,"AT."SotNt ... ""- for IS $lIVIYOUl • 

,...,." 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, January 26, 1973 

a5 he discovers that the 
system always has one 
more weapon available 
with which to beat one into 
submission . 

Big Nurse, or Miss 
Ratched, played by Tyler 
Wynn, is the representative 
of that system. She con-
sistently finds a way to 
defeat Mc Murphy. For in-
s tance, at one point 
McMurphy ucceeds in 
getting the members of the 
ward to vote for changing 
television time so that the 
members can watch the 
World Series, but Nurse 
Ratched claims that the 
meeting was over after the 
majority vote was raised so 
the group cannot watch 
the World Series. Tyler 
Wynn is a most impressive 
Nurse Ratched. She is so 
intimidating with her eyes 
that at one point in the play 
I felt like telling her 
something. During the 
after play symposium , 
many of those commenting 
made the same charg It 
may sound like a criticism, 
but indeed it is a high com-
pliment for this role. 

A lusty. 'un-loving .ebel 
locks In a wrenching 
struggle challenging the 
authority of a diclatoriai 
nurse in a mental ward 
. . . o"en hilarious. 
alw.ys gripping. 
ullimal.ly disturbing . .. 

The subord inate ca5t 
fares equally as well 15 
Rohrer and Wynn. Robert 
Barranger as Chief Broom 
performs a difficult role 
excellently. As Director 
Craig Noel pointed out in 
the symposium, "We had 
someone who was a 
behaviorist come in and 
show Robert how a 
catatonic should act." 

"One Flew Over the 
Cuckoo's Nest" is playing 
at the Cassius Carter Cen-
tre Stage through Feb. 18. 

~~I~ Cir1eJll3 
EvenlnglltllO\.9h Wedneldo, 

~ea Promler 

smITH 
AIIMUAL 
TOURMEE OF 
AM.noM 
7:0018;4511030 The San Diogo premlor. 
01 II1t Seven'" Tournee wtI~h Includes 
II", ... ohoIt films kom • Vlliety of 
.r1is .. end "",ntries •• 00 which offtfo 
• _bWl on contemponwy .nlmotlon. 

SaMday Mldnlghl 

TlE~~ 
..... tfntE_ 
Adventures in the Ia~ reaches of 
"'" British Emplr. ,,1111 PIUi Robison. 
SerlaIaOO IIhDI1fr fllll1l. 
Admissioo S 1.00 . 

Crime and Comedy--romMce 
.,d rogue~k:iouo 
ac11.'tIeS .t ., iIot_ 
country tavern on • ItOfm-
_t nlghl a century _ 
cr.at ... vastty .muaing 
he.rt-pounding melodram • . 
Family ..... rt.I_1. 

'" 

They were Turtles 
They served wIth Zappa 
Now Happy Together 

as 

" .' 

The Phlorescent Leech & Eddie 

--... -M_I!_ 

Mark Volman 
Howard Kaylan 
UCSD Gym 

Sat. Eve. 
Jan. 27, 8:30 p.m. 

UCSD Students .. $1 .50 Pre Sale 
All Others ....... $2.00 Pre Sale 
Everyone . .. - . .... $2.50 At Door IPI~~ 
~ Tickets on sale at J 
~ UREY HALL ~-~~~. 

UCSD & .~ , 
AZTEC CENTER SDSU ~ .. _ •• , ...... 

for pre-sale saving. .:1"1' -.~ 
Concert presented by 

.. UCSD Campus Wide 

. :( L. Programming Board .· 

Brnrr! 

Cold Ruggers Drop Two 
John Stalsht State player was injured and fro m the for war d s. 

laid on the fie ld waiting Unimpeachable sources More important things pai nfully for an ambulance noted that "th e tea m 
happened last Saturday wh ich carried him and his d d . 
than Nixon's coronation. nee e more practice on 
Rain fell for most of the broken leg to the hospital. certain points, like how to 
week, but as rugby Iud The Toros AI Cieg scored play rugby." One of the 
would have it, beautiful, twice in the second game. most eJCciting events of the 
clear and cold weather UCSD Ill's lost 14-4. day came around the mid-
struck Saturday. The first The first teams of the die of the game when the 
game matched the UCSD Irvine Rugby Club and beer arrived . Wally 
Third Team against the new UCSD met in the second McClosky, John Ringwood 
Cal State Dominguiz Hills game. UCSD's first team :i~~ ~i~d~~~e~alturpn:r~o~~ 
Rugby Club. The game was was hu rt by ill ness and 
marked by injuries, in- several key players were mances. The day of cons-
decisive officiating, but not in the game. After the tant injuries continued as 

II d d h' d . I h numerous players were genera y goo natu re t Ir eye rl!ua, t e game taken out of action in-
play. With t he To ros began. UCSD scored early 
making the score 6-0 with a on a well-executed drop- cluding the brittle Sertic, 
successful kick by Beast kick by Perter Sertic. But who bravely hobbled off 
Rey Galindo, UCSD came the team could not get the field with a badly 
back wilh four points as movi ng after that. Play was dented foot. John Gorgen-
Bill Meister scored a try, brutal but uninspired . The son although thought to be 
which was set up by Pau l game was closer than the seriously injured, con-
Zupkas. Captain Jeff Wust-· 16-3 score may indicate. tinued to playa fine game. 
man attempted a difficul t The serum was strong but In the final game of the 
kick and just barely scored the backs needed a more day, the seGond teams of 
the extra two points. The sustained and coordinated Irvine and UCSD faced 
half was cut short as a Cal attack with better support each other. This most in-

i·························~·············· University heran Church i enter 
t Worship Services Interim Pastors: 
• 10 A M S d ' Herbert Albrecht t 
it F~ed~a~: ays Pa ul Gabrie lsen f 11:15 Ne ls Oas t 
i Chu t 

l Students ~ew &Uld Are CO:-diaUy Welcome 
............. - ........... ~ ........... -

teresting contest of the day 
was a rough and hard-
hitting game with ruggers 
on both sides tired but 
determined . The teams 
battled to a 0-0 tie at half 
time with strong defensive 
play by Dr. Ric Jones and 
almost-a-doctor Phil 
Maseritti. Both Bob Beck 
and Joe Simmian were also 
in ther leading a fine 
defensive surge. The se-
cond half got moving when 
John I-wa nt - to-be-a-Dr. 
Ringwood, playing his se-
cond game of the day, 
danced 35 yards for a hard-
fought score. The Tritons 
gained momentum and 
scored again a few minutes 
later on a smart run by 
Mike Capp, assisted by a 
very neat fake by the 
novice Phil Maseritti. Doc-
tor Ric, between ad -
min is terin g to the 
wounded , converted 
successfully. The final score 
ended up 10-0. 

REC Sponsors 
BP Fun Night 

The Recreational Events Club is sponsoring an 
evening at Belmont Park this Saturday night. Admis-
sion has been dropped for UCSD students to $2. This 
price includes admission and unlimited rides on the 31 
d ifferent attractions. 

All those needing bus transportation should 
purchase their tickets in the P.E. Office prior to Friday 
afternoon . The bus will leave at 5:45 p.m. from the gym 
parking lot. Others can purchase their tickets at the 
gate to Belmont Park at 6:30 p.m. Saturday.The park will 
be open until 11 p.m. 

The Recreat ional Events Club is open for suggestions 
for the kinds of activities students want on and off 
campus. Thus far this quarter they have sponsored 
roller skating, a sock-hop, a cheerleader-run bake sale 
and are preparing for a casino night in the gym. Call 
Bert Kobayashi at ext. 2282 and leave any suggestions 
with him. 

BEFORE YOU BUY 
YOUR 

HUNTIN G PERMIT 
(PARKING) 

RIDE THE "R" ROUTE 
EFFECTIVE JANUARY 28 

IT WILL BE BETTER THAN EVER ... 
WITH FREE TRANSFERS ... 25¢ 

.ORSAVEANDBUY 
ASAVERPASS 

PLUS THE LOWFAREOF 
\ $10 UNLIMITED RIDES FOR A FULL CALENDAR MONTH 

APPLICATIONS AVAILA BLE AT TICKET OFFICE 

Page 7 friday, January 26, 1973 Triton Times 



............................. announcements .............. • 
Art Show - ontinuing 
Monumental - rage Sile 
run by Martha Rosier : Con-
tainment & deconUinment. 
Super record s, books, 
clothes, weird items & psy-
chic detritu5 ... some 
giveaways . Come see! 
Show open daily, 12-5. Rev. 
H-L Student Gallery, rm. 
12504. Last days ! New items! 
Drastic reductions! 

Pocket Billia rds Tour-
nament: We have extended 
the registration-period for 
the tournament thru Satur-
day noon. Play will start 
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Sign 
up at any resident dean 's 
office or pool room. 50¢ to 
enter - 2 men and 2 
women winners will go to 
San Luis Ob ispo for a 
regional tournament. (1126) 

Department of E'conom ics 
Seminar, Fri . Jan . 26, 1973, 
3:30 p.m., USB 3060. John 
G . R iley, Assistant 
Professor, Boston College 
will speak on : " Optimal 
Towns : A Theoretical 
Analysis of Suburban Land 
Use". (1126) 

UCSD Theatre presents two 
one-act plays from the 
Black Theatre repertoire: 
"Clira's Ole Man" by Ed 
Bullins and " Day of 
Absence" by Douglas 
Turner Wud. One is a 
"slice-of-life" drama and 
the other is a hilarious 
farce . Fri., Sit., Sun. at 8 
p .m . in UCSD Theatre . 
Tickets and info at Urey 
Hall Box Office. (1/26) 

Department of Economics 
Seminar, Fr iday Jan . 26, 
1973, 3:30 p.m., USB 3060, 
John G . Riley Ass ista nt 
Professor, Boston College 
will speak on " Optimal 
Town s: A Theoretical 
analysis of suburban land 
use". (1126) 

saturday 
The Ph lorescent Leech and 
Eddie Mark Volman and 
Howard Kaylan in Concert 
with special guest come-
dian Murray Roman, UCSD 
Gym Jan . 27, Sat. Nite, 8:30 
p.m. $1 .50 UCSD students 
PreSale, $2.00 allothers Pre-
Sale $2.50 everyone at the 

door. Tickets inllable at 
Urey Hall Box Offke. (112n 

sunday 
Pastor Nels J. Oas has 
chosen "You Art" a Child of 
the Universe" from 
Desiderata as his theme for 
the morning worship, Sun-
day Jan. 28 at the Universi-
ty. Visitors are welcome at 
the service, which begins at 
10 a.m. 

monday 
~aring club ground school 
will meet Mon . Jan . 29 in 
2C-1110 from 7:30 P.M. til 
10:00. The topic will be how 
the plane flies and turns. All 
are welcome. (1126) 

Career Planning fo r Black 
Stu dent s, a d iscussi on 
grou p s ponsored by 
C O UN SELING and 
PSYCHOLOGICAL . SERV-
ICES, meets today, Jan. 
29, in room 6086 H&SS at 
3 : 00 , to talk about 
developing career goals, 
identifying your potentials, 

and developing a plan for 
Incorporating potentials 
and career goals. (1/30) 

LANDLORD - TENANT, 
" The Eternal Struggle". A 
seminu sponsored by The 
Center for Legal and Social 
Services Jan. 29, Mon . 7:30 
p.m., 2722 USB, U.C. S.D. 
Revelle Campus. Steve 
Hartwell , attorney Legal 
Aid Society. FREE! (11261 

Are you being hassled by 
your friendsl Do you hassle 
theml Join COUNSELING 
and PSYCHOLOGICAL 
SERVICES discussion group 
on Resolving Interpersonal 
Conflict meeting today, 
Jan. 29, at 3:00 p.m. in the 
Revelle Provosts Office. 
(1/30) 

general 

De partment of Literature 
Lecture - German Section. 
Distinguished Visiting 
Professor from Berlin and 

Ottawa, will speak on 
"Kleist's Conflict With 
Gaeth" on ThUf1. Feb. 1, 
3 :30 p .m. In USB 3020. 
Everyone Is cordially in-
vited to attend. Professor 
Mommsen will lecture in 
English. (1/30) 

CHESS TOURNAMENT 
starts next Tues. Jan 30, at 
7:30 in the Revelle north 
dining hall. One round 
played each week. Please 
bring your own boards and 
sets. (1/30) 

Table Tennis anyonellf you 
really like to play and don't 
seem to know any players, 
you're not alone. We can 
get it together through the 
P.E. Department's Table 
Tennis Club. No dues, no 
meetings, no initiations I 
Come to play on Tues. , Jan . 
30. First 15 minutes we will 
meet in the P.E. Classroom. 
See you at 7:00 p.m . Tues. 
Jan . 30. Susan Montros 
x 2803. (1/30) 

The UCSD Med School Film 
Series will present the 
MARX BROS. in 'The Big 

Store' on Tues. Jan. 30, at 8 
p.m. In Winzer Commons, 
BSB. All are Invited. Admis-
sion is 7St. (1/30) 

UCSD AMATEUR RADIO 
OPERATORS - Everyone 
welcome to our meeting 
January 31st, 7 :00 p.m. at 
the Ham Radio stltlon in 
Bldg. 250 Me. We will sum-
marize and prepare the 
equipment want list and 
organize the antenna party. 
Ed Teyssier, WA6LCZ, 454-
0888 or 454-1730 for 
questions or info. (1/30) 

Fluid Dynamics Film Series, 
Winter Quarter Schedule. 
February 1 - Apollo 13; 
Mission Report, 1970 New 
View of Space. February 15 
- Turbulence. February 22 
- Man in Space; The Se-
cond Decade-1971 . March 
1 - Cavitation. March 8 -
Apollo 16. PLACE: H&SS 
Building, Room 202250, 
TIME: 12:00-1 :00. 

Pick up your free student 
directories at the EDNA Of-
fice in Urey Hall . Must pre-
sent student 1.0. (1/30) 

~~~advertise~ents ~r ourselves~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
travel 

EUROPE, ISRAEL & JAPAN. 
' Low cost stud. flights all 
year. Ski & camping tours . 
AIST 1436 S. La Cienga BI., 
l.A. Cal. 90035 (213) 652-
2727. (10:4) 

EUROPE-ISRA EL 
EAST AFRICA 

Student flights . Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout Europe, Russia . 
and Mexico. Official SOFA 
agent for inter-European 
student charter flights , in-
cluding Middle East and Far 
East. Student Ski Tours. 
European used car 
purchase system, Contact: 
ISCA, 11687 San Vincente 
Blvd . o. 4, l.A., Ca. 90049. 
Tel : (213) 826-5669, 826-
0955. (212) 

"JOBS I ALASKA" now 
available. This handbook 
covers all fields, summer 
and career opportunities. 
Plan YOUR adventure! 
$3 . 00 J lA , Box 1565, 
Anchorage , AK 99510 . 
(1/26) 

services 
Expert typing - 5 yrs. ex-
perience on all types of 
papers. Fast service. Excllnt. 
grmmr. & spelling. 50¢/pg. 
Clairemont area. Call 
Marilyn at 565-7060, after 
5:30 p.m. (1/30 1 

TYPIST : E>p. PhD . 
MIThesis, Te ' m Papers, 
Misc. 50¢ pg . Call Bee 
Lynch, 753-7351). (2116) 

BMWS B 
CONTINENTA . MOTORS 

601 So. Hill 
Oceanside " 22-8114 
We service, II makes 
of foreign Celrs (1/30) 

housing 
Single woman desires girl 
to cook breakfast and 

dinner, light housekeeping 
for salary and room, two 
meals. 454-1688. (1126) 

Room for rent in Del Mar-
double. $130/month . Call 
755-7871 . (1/30) 

Two roommates needed 
now for classy Del Mar 
ranch house, $85 furn. & 
util. 755-8464. (1/30) 

WANTED : Roommate 
FemalelMale, $75/m onth 
- own room. La Jolla, 459-
7119. (1126) 

Need 2 girls to share 2 
bdrm. 2 ba . apt. in P.B. $67 
ea . Util pd . 3853 C-309 
Ingraham. 272-7542. (1/26) 

Need 1-2 fem . students to 
share 2 BR. bchfrnt. apt. Del 
Mar Spring qtr. Call 755-
4368 after 7 M-F. (215) 

Housemates needed now l 
Del Mar, 1 room, open to 
single person or couple. 
$50-65 per month . 755-9245, 
Katy. (1/26) 

Female Rmte . Needed 
Nowl $75. no util. 5 mi. 
from school. Share 1 Bdrm., 
Liv. Rm., Kitch., & Heated 
pool. 565-6655 after 6 p.m. 
(1126) 

M or F roommate needed. 
2 BR Duplex 3 blocks from 
beach . Call Bob or Craig, 
459-8347. (1/26) 

Room for rent. Del Mar. 
Private entrance, kitch . 
privileges. Avail. Feb. 1, $90. 
755-37(;4. (2/2) 

lost and found 
LOST: blue and brown 
muffler. It's very important. 
PI as call Mary Jo, 755-
9482. (1130) 

FOUND: A girl's ring near 
the R veil north dining 
room. Call Mary Jo, 755-
9482. (1/30) 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, January 26, 1973 

LOST: 1-15 USB 2722 Bam-
boo slide rule, ('old 
faithful'), in dark . brown 
leather case. Much sen-
timental value - reward . 
453-9332. (1/30) 

FOUND: Wired framed 
glasses in carrying case at 
9th St. bus stop in Del Mar. 
Claim at Triton Times. 
(1130) 

LOST: 12 Kt . gold-filled 
Cross mechanical pencil. 
Call 459-2810 eves . $10 
reward . (1/30) 

RICHARD ROBERTS, I 
found your 10 in the gym. 
Call Bill at 270-3796 after 5 
p .m. (1126) 

LOST : Ba seball glove, 
reward . Call 755-7830 . 
(1/30) 

Womens watch found in 
parking lot B (near HL) Fri . 
morning about 10:30 , 
(claim at Triton Times Of-
fice (1/30) 

wanted 
Will whoever smashed my 
red VW in parking lot on 
1116 please come forward i 
459-3910. (1/30) 

PIANO WANTED : Student 
wants upright piano from 
private party. $100-$200. 
436-0907. (1/30) 

MUSIC FREAKS - I cou ld 
sure dig listening to some 
Zappa, Fugs, etc., help me; 
Zonker 453-5473. (1/26) 

WANTED : Ride to New 
York - Will sha re driving 
expenses OR will drive car 
there; leave now, call 755-
0025, ask for Bob. (1/26) 

PERSONABLE, bright five-
year-old needs companion 
o n flight to New York, early 
Feb. Martha, x1995. 

WANTED: Dinette set for 
low price. Call Mike in IT 
office days : 1016 or nights : 
279-2511, leave message. 
(1/30) 

for sale 
Ski boots, buckle, size 8Y2 
M. Used once, like new. 
$32 .00 . Linda 453-8249 . 
(1/30) 

'68 Bultaco 250 Matador, 
good condition. 488-4951 
ask for Lou. (1/30) 

'63 Dodge Dart GT, 6 
cylinder, gooci condition, 
call 488-4951, ask for Bruce. 
(1/30) 

71 Toyota Corona, AM-FM 
radio, $1500. Daytime call 
Diana Dootson, 278-4110, 
ext. 240. (1/30) 

Ar.t Book " Paul Klee" 
drawings, writings, water-
colors, $19.00. 273-6791. 
(1/30) 

'67 Chevy II , Auto, 6 
cylinder, $695., Call Gary 
after 5 p .m. anytime on 
weekends. 279-1837. (1/30) 

Typewriters, good condi-
tion with new ribbon and 
magic margins. $25, Ask for 
Peter at 453-6102. (1/26) 

270 45 rpm Old ies from 
'50's and ea rly '60's. $100. 
Ask for Ken . 755-4713. 
(1/26) 

Violin-full size, student 
case - bow . Made in 
Czechoslavakia, $50.00. 
273-6791 . (1/30) 

Monumental garage sa le 
HL 125 4 art gal. SUPER 
records, book s, 
clothes ... pe ns 19th, .. 5 :30 
p.m. (1/26) 

'68 Triumph tr 250, 38,000 
mi. , orig. owner, best offer 
over $1000. 274-0838 (1126) 

Motorola FM Stereo Tuner 
for car, has good sound. 
$35. Jere 295-6050. (1/30) 

Mex. Silver jewelry for sale. 
Original pieces . 331 
Prospect, apt . 23 . pms. 
(1/30) 

3 pc. sectional sofa, purple 
and blue, practically new, 
$100, call 453-4605 after 5 
p .m. (1/30) 

Tropical fish for sale. 4 
neon tetras, 50¢ each. Cali 
488-6874 after 6. (1130) 

IBM Selectric typewriter, 
1971. Spanish kbd., 10 pitch . 
Special extras. $400. 453-
5346. (1130) 

AM FM Stereo receiver, 
attached to ' 66 Bu ick 
Rivera. Power Steering, tilt 
steering wheel, air cond ., 
power windows. Asking 
$1100. 453-8722 or 755-8623, 
ask for M ichael. 

fREE CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified ads in the n are 
free only to registered 
grads and undergrads ilt 
this carr.)lus. All ads must 
be typed . Due to space 
limitations ads cln only be 
three lines long, typed on I 

Refrigerator 4.9 cu. ft., exc. 
for dorm or small apt . 
Wood color. $75., Paul 454-
6531 . (1 / 30) 

1965 MGB, M UST SELL, 
Rad io, Miche lin Radials , 
runs well, ca rpeting. 755-
1945. (1/30) 

Tweed couch and chair, 
$40; 2 end tables and coffee 
table, $12; call 453-0428. 
(1130) 

Tuneable CONGA, chrome 
hardware & stand, $45. KLH 
Model 21 FM radio $70. 
459-9468. (1/26) 

'69 Chevy Van, 6 cylinder, 
panelling, carpeting, low 
mileage, grea t buy at $1100. 
Call Pete Johnson , 453-
8958. (1/26) 

RCA MODEL 5000, 120 watt 
compone nt set, big 
speakers, $220. Clarinet 
good shape $75. Offersl 
(1/30) 

BOSE 901 Direct/Reflecting 
Speaker System $195, 565-
2781, John Maxwell. (1130) 

thirty-space line. Anything 
longer shall be charged ac-
cordingly. Deadlines Ire : 9 
I.m. Mon. for Tues. edition 
and 6 p.m. Wed. for the Fri., 
edition. No phone In ads 
please. For more Info call 
ext. 1017. 


