
Photo: Smith 

VOLUME 20 NUMBER 8 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO FRIDA Y OCTOBER 19, 1973 

UC Budget Cutback-
Pros and Cons 

The budget proposals which President 
Hitch delivered to the Regents in September 
of this year will have the effect of curtailing 
the continued growth of the UC system. 

President Hitch claims to have made the 
proposals in the light of indications that 
there will not be an enrollment increase in 
the 1990's; thus it is not necessary to provide 
for the expansion of the University to ac-
commodate these people. 

1. Hitch's inadequate budget would cause 
cutbacks in many academic programs on 
the UC campuses; 2.The budget would cause 
an increase in the selectivity of the UC 
campuses (as enrollment increases but the 
University fails to expand sufficiently). 

If, as some fear, a tuition increase is 
implemented, it is claimed that the in-
creased selectivity would favor the more 
wealthy members of the population. 

This represents a reversal of the position 
which Hitch formerly took, when he thought 
that large scale expansion of UC would be 
necessary to accomodate significant 
enrollment increases. 

The issue seems to revolve around the 
question of how large the university has to 
be in order to accomodate those who will 
seek admission in the next few decades, 
without becoming too selective or cutting 
back valuable programs. The core of the 
disagreement is Hitch's view that little 
expansion in upcoming years is necessary to 
properly accomodate enrolling student') and 
the opposite claim that enrollment increases 
demand greater expansion. 

, There are those who claim that Hitch's 
reversal represents a negatiye movement 
toward greater restrictiveness and selec-
tivity in the UC system. They point out the 
enrollment increases in the 70's and assert, 
in the light of this, ttlat: 

Assistant Dean Now 
at Revelle 

Ernie Mort, College Dean 
at Revelle, now has an 
Assistant College Dean, 
Mary Dhooge, to work with 
him. 

This is the first time that 
Revelle, which opened in 
1965, has had an Assistant 
College Dean. 

Ms. Dhooge is primarily 
interested in counseling 
students on all levels ranging 
from academic and career 
problems to social bassels. 

Her official college duties 
ar atY.>ut the same as Ernie 
Mort. She has a vote at the 
Revelle Committee on 

ollege Affairs. She can be 
consulted by a sbJdent on 
adding or dropping of 
courses after the deadllne or 
on a disciplinary matter. She 
also can be called in on 
matten~ relations 

between students and their 
professors or T.A.'s. 

However, Ms. Dhooge's 
office is not located in the 
Revelle College Provost's 
office because of lack of 
space. Her office along with 
Dr. Pates office, is located to 
the left of the entrance of 
Revelle cafeteria. Ms. 
Dhooge likes this office 
location because she feels 
she has more student contact 
here than she would at the 
Provost's Office. 

Ms. Dhooge is currently 
working with orientation 
leaders in planning meetings 
for Freshmen as a follow~p 
to orientation which took 
place last swnmer and fall . 
Their meetings will be held 
on Nov. 4 and 5. 

She is also coordinating 
~. for ReveU seniors 

about getting into grad 
school and employment after 
graduation. These meetings 
will take place October 24 
and 31. 

Ms. Dhooge hopes also to 
coordinate meetings Winter 
quarter for juniors to plan 
for graduation and during 
Spring quarter for Soph-
mores to help them in 
choosing a major. 

Ms. Dhooge rived her 
B.A. in Greencastle, In-
diana . She pursu d h r 
studies in Germany at th 
Goeth~Institut in Roth r-
burg O.T. rmany, at th 
University of Fr ibW'g. 

Ms. Ohooge then directed 
her studies towards In-
ternational Education and 
received a Master 's from 

CoIi't. _ Pa, 11 

Dope Laws Challenged 
(CPS) - A civil suit challenging the 

constitutionality of the nation's marijuana 
laws was filed October 10 in Federal Court in 
Washington, D.C. 

Brought by the National Organization for 
the Refonn of Marijuana Laws (NORML), a 
Washington-based non-profit public interest 
group, the suit will be argued by former US 
Attorney General Ramsey Clark, a member 
of NORML's Advisory Board. 

The court is being asked by NORML's suit 
to declare that laws prohibiting the private 
possession and use of marijuana violate an 
individual's right of privacy and other ex-
press guarantees of the US Constitution. 

Additionally named as a plaintiff in the 
suit is' a class of persons consisting of all 
present adult users of marijuana in the 
District of Columbia , estimated in the 
complaint to number 40,000 persons. 

Speaking at a press conference, Clark 
stated that " The country's marijuana laws 
constitute an unwarranted intrusion into 
the private lives of millions of Americans. 
The continued criminal prohibition of the 
private use of marijuana serves no useful 
purpose while causing irreparable harm to 
the lives and careers of the approximately 
250 thousand young people who are arrested 
each year in this country. 

Clark said, "As a nation we should 
discourage the use of marijuana as well as 
of alcohol and tobacco. But there must be a 
clear and convincing case of overriding 
harm to society before the criminal law can 
breach the boundaries of private conduct. 
Marijuana does not meet this test." 

According to the suit, 26 million 
Americans have now tried marijuana and 13 
million are regular users. The complaint 
cites the findings and r cornm ndations of 
the report of the National ornmission of 
Marijuana and Drug Abu (Shaf r om-
mission) , and relies on r nt US upr m 

ourt deci ion con rning abortion, birth 
ntrol , and th private po ion of por-

nographic materials, all of which reaffirm 
the individual ba ic right of priva y. 

Keith Stroup, Dir tor of NORML, noted 
that the wight of mod rn i ntifi 
vid n ,in luding th ju t r I ' annual 

r port of the National Tn titu of M ntal 
Haith, continu to on firm that marijuana 
is a "relatively harrnl tt ub tan . 
" WhUenodrug-in ludingaspirinand oth r 
over- the~r preparation - i to II 
without harm," Stroup comm nt d, 

"marijuana is a mild, relatively harmless 
drug as used by the overwhelming majority 
of persons. Its use has demo ated no 
effects significantly harmful to the in-
dividual or to society." . 

Stroup went on to cite a paragraph in the 
complaint summarizing what is now known 
about marijuana : 

"Each of the successive rationales put 
forward to justify the marijuana prohibition 
has been demonstrated to be unsupported 
and unsupportable by modern scientific 
evidence. Specifically, marijuana 1S not a 
narcotic, and its use does not lead to 
physical addition or dependence; marijuana 
use does not cause crime or aggressive 
behavior; marijuana does not lead to the use 
of dangerous or so-called hard drugs such as. 
heroin; marijuana does not cause insanity ; 
and, marijuana does not cau users to 
'drop out' of society. 

Stroup aid the District of Columbia was 
chosen as th jurisdiction in which to file the 
suit because of "an alarming increase in 
marijuana arrests since 1970." 

Figures cited in the complaint show that 
there were 275 marijuana arrests in the 
District of Columbia in 1970,694 in 1971, 1667 
in 1972, and 1306 for the fir t half of 1973. 
Nationally, there were an estimated 226,000 
marijuana arrests in 1971 and 296,000 in 1972. 

suit as 



Low 
Blows 
and Cbeap 

Shots 
THEABDOMrrNALSHO~N 

(aDd Travels with my Niece) 
By Edward Simons 

After my brother, Wingate, married the Phillips 
woman, I moved to New York to live. Though I never saw 
Wingate from then till now, his letters to me never gave 
any hint that he could be the type of man responsible for 
the disaster Priscilla. One would expect a man of culture 
such as Wingate to instill ~ couth in his offspring -
even if only through the blood-line. 

At any rate, my arrival in California for business 
happened to coincide' with Priscilla's graduation from 
Junior High School. It seemed a trifle silly, if you ask me, 
though I'm sure no one will. 

Wingate, however, .!M ask me if I would mind taking the 
kid to dinner. Out of some misguided sense of filial 
loyalty, I agreed. (And now that I reflect upon it, it's 
probably no accident that he asked me over the telephone, 
before I met her.) 

I arrived at Wingate's home promptly at 8:00 the ap-
pointed evening to pick her up. I talked to Wingate at the 
door for a moment before Priscilla appeared. Then there 
was a polite cough behind my brother. He stepped aside to 
reveal a rather small girl shuffling her feet nervously and 
grinning. She had a cute face. I suspect it was this 
distraction that kept me from immediately noticing her 
attire. 

I wasn't expecting an evening gown or elbow-length 
gloves, but I think I had the right to expect more than 
sneakers. 

That more-or-Iess invalidated the reservations I had 
made. In my mind, I could see the maitre d' cursing in 
some obscure Celtic dialect and putting my name in a 
little black book. I started to sweat at my temples and felt 
a bit obvious in my dinner jacket. There were other 
restaurants, though, almost as good as my first choice. I 
thought we could discuss it on the highway. 

"Priscilla, would you like to dine at the Racquet Club?" 
I asked, in tones few women have ever refused. 

She wrinkled her nose and cruled her lip in a par-
ticularly disgusting manner for an answer. I recon-
sidered. 

"Would dinner at Anthony's Fish Grotto be more to yoW' 
liking, Priscilla?" 

She made that gestW'e again . " I don't much care for 
fish, Uncle Henry," she answered. 

" Just call me Henry," I smiled. 
She turned and sat towards me. " And you can call me 

Prissy. All my friends do." 
I imagine I smiled rather weakly at that . Nicknames -

what abominations ! Still , it was a comfort to be numbered 
among her friends. 

"Would you consider, " I asked patiently, "dining at Mr. 
A's?" . 

She looked me in the eye and smiled sweetly. " Henry, 
I'd rather be dead." 

Hmmm. This just wasn't the 01' Fleming spirit. 
" Where would you like to go then?" I inquired, maybe a 

trifle peeved. 
Something in her manner told me that this was the 

moment for which Priscilla had been waiting. By slow 
degrees, her smile turned into a smirk. 

"Any Jack-In-The-Box would be fine, Henry," she 
leered. 

That's Uncle Henry to you, Priscilla ! 

Feeling like one-third of the infamous Magi, I steered 
my V-8 dromedary onto a turn-df that seemed to follow 
the guiding Light provided by "Jack." 

Priscilla dir ected me to drive in by the back way and 
order at the little Jack ITB. 

"Frankly, 41scilla, I'd rather sit down at a table when I 
ea t ," I protE-sted. 

"Prissy, H .nry. And we can eat inside; it's just that you 
get your food faster this way," she explained. 

Well , that seemed reasonablt:. Jdck-In Th!.'-Jk\x is, after 
all, a drive-in. The operators apparenUy take some 
amount of pride in being able to give quick drive-in ser-
vice. This is1' t, 1 found out, a matter of policy, but an 
observed fact. 

We pulled up to a glowing plastic ball with a smiling 
face painted upon it, which even upon further refiection , 
seems superflously asinine. 

"May I have your order please? " asked a disembodied 
voice. 

There was a limited amount of controversy as we 
exhausted our options but " Jack" didn 't appear to mind. 
Happily, th food was only two minutes' wait. I paid the 
man and parked In the rear . 

I grabbed a sack of hambur2ers. " Priscilla," I asked, 

cont. on page 3 

Israel Rally 
Several hundred students attended a rally in support of 

Israel last Tuesday at noon on the Revelle Plaza. The rally 
was organized by UCSD students in an attempt to obtain 
contributions of .tfme and effort as well as rponey for 
Israel. 

The program featured guest speakers Dr. J. Gussfield 
and Rabbi S. Kirsh. Dr. Glisfield felt that peace will come 
to the Middle East only when the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. 
both decide they want it and stop sending arms. 

Rabbi Kirsh, of Temple Beth EI in Clairemont, said a 
prayer inspired by Yom Kippur, the High Holy Day of 
repentance on which Israel was attacked, asking " that we 
may deserve peace." 

Student David Katz called for negotiations between 
Israel and the Arab nations, saying that while the Arabs 
are not interested in a settlement, Israel only wants the 
right to exist peacefully. 

Ada Rafaely, Israeli wife of a prominent San Diego 
Jewish youth leader, denied the accusations that the 
Israelies are ~ bloodthirsty nation. Her husband is now 
fighting in Israel. 

Money for Israel was requested and Israeli flags were 
distributed. As of last Tuesday, over $700 had been 
collected at UCSD. Another rally is planned for this 
Sunday at 1 p.m. at Horton Plaza in downtown San Diego. 

Civilian Volunteer 
Program 

A program for people ready to volunteer for civilian 
work in Israel has been established. The program is open 
to individuals between the ages of 18 to 24 years who are 
ready to volunteer for at least six months. 

Those who volunteer will be assigned only non-military 
functions. In most cases, they will work on kibbutzim or 
whatever tasks assistance will be needed. 

Volunteers will need to pay for their flight tickets 
( round-trip cost New York-Israel will be $407; where 
possible, arrangements will be made for reduced costs to 
New York through "add-on-fares.") . 

Individuals between the ages of 24-30 can also be ac-
cepted; however, their round-trip flight costs New York to 
Israel will be $603. 

At present there are no national funds available for 
subsidies for plane fares or scholarships. Volunteers will 
need a valid passport and a medical examination report. 

For information and application forms, call (213) 666-
7672. 

Ka vana ugh to Talk 
on Death 

Noted psychologist and 
author Dr . Robert 
Kavanaugh will present a 
one-day workshop titled 
"The Dying Person and the 
Grieving Family" Saturday, 
Oct. '1:7 . 

The program is designed 
to help people come to terms 
with their feelings about 
death, whether they want to 
do this for personal or 
professional reasons, or 
both. 

Sponsored by UCSD Ex-
tension , the workshop will 
begin at 9 a .m. in Room 1449 
of the Humanities-Library 
Building on the University's 
Revelle campus. 

There is a registration fee 
of $10, and participants are 
asked to bring a sack lunch . 

Dr . Kavanaugh 's book 
Facing D ath, from Nash 
Publishing in Los Angeles, 
has been out just short of a 
year and will soon go into a 

paperback edition. A widely 
quoted thought from the 
book is: "Fears of death are 
really fears of life in 
disguise." As Dr . 
Kavanaugh explains, "the 
fear of pain and fear of the 
unknown we associate with 
dying are actually emotions 
we feel in our lives." 

Participants will explore 
answers to questions such as 
"Should I tell acquaintances 
I'm dying?" "Should the 
dying person be told, and 
when?" "Should I visit a 
dying person". Are sym-
pathy notes acceptable?" 
and "What about funerals?" 

The subject of death is 
such a difficult one, the 
psychologist says, "because 
each one of us is involved-as 
soon as you're born it's 
already too late to be ob-
Jective. " 

For enrollment in-
forma ti on, please ca 11 453-
2000, extension 2061. 

ton t mes 
Editor-in-Chlef' .. . ...... . . David L. Buchbinder 
City Eellor ... . ... .. . .... . .... .. .. .. Greg Hicks 
Mana"nl Editor .. . . . . ..... . ... Michael Sesma 
Co..,. EeHtor ... .... .. .... .. .... . James G. Soto 
Business Manaler . . . . . . . . ..... Nancy. Mancino 
Editorial Director . .. .. ......... . Mark McCarty 
Arts Editor . . . .. .. ... . .... ! . . ..... . larry LJeckel 
Sports Eelilor . .... .. . . . . . ... . .... . . Erir Rai~ters 

Sdenc:eEclto~ .. .. .. ... ..... . . . . : ... .. Bob Nau 
Photolrapny I:dltor .......... . . Malcolm Smith 
Secretary . ... . . ..... ... ' , ... . . ' .. Corinne C:lcas 
Assoc:late City Editors .. .. .... .... ... Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 
Asst. Business Manager .... . . .. ... Ramon Ruiz 

The TRITON TIMES is offklally rec:olnlzed as a 
student newspaper by the Communication Board 
of the University of CalIfornia, San Dieso, Building 
250, MaHhews Campus, La Jolla, C.IUfornla 92037. 
Publication is twice weekly on Tuesdays and 
Fridays. OffICes are located in Room 117, Blake 
Hall, Revelle Campus. For advertising phone 453-
8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news 
phone X 1016. 

SoIeri to Speak 
Paolo Soleri's prime concern - his vision of how man's 

cities must be changed to harmonize with nature - will be 
his topic when he speaks in San Diego Oct. 26. 

The famous archit~M will show slides and discuss his 
proposals for futW'e cities, villages, and wheel-like 
seagoing farms called "Novanoahs" at "An Evening with 
Paolo Soleri," which begins at 8 p.m. that Friday in the 
Copley Auditoriwn of the Fine Arts Gallery, Balboa Park. 

The event is co-sponsored by the Gallery and University 
of California Extension, San Diego. Tickets are on sale at 
the Extension office. 

Italian-born and now living in Arizona, Soleri has made 
waves with his "arcologies," new concepts of an ar-
chitecture integrated with the environment. A natural 
ecological balance is the desired result. 

His design ideas are controversial, particularly because 
they would substitute compact, multilayered city-
structures for urban spread. Huge populations would live 
and work in a few square miles,leaving surrounding lands 
entirely "green" and accessible to everyone. 

The arcologies are presented, as Soleri points out, not as 
blueprints for city civilizations, but only as guidelines for 
a new alternative. 

He has written: "Rape and 'devastation' best express 
the actions of technological man toward nature. Such 
blind brutality must be transformed in an intense search 
for a new ecological balance." And further : "The use and 
consumption of the income of the earth, and not of its 
capital, is essential if we want to keep open our options on 
the future ." 

Soleri, who recently participated in the Third Annual 
International Congress on Religion, Architecture and Art 
in Jerusalem, is counted as an artist, a craftsman and a 
social philosopher, as well as an urban designer. His most 
famous book is titled Arcology: The City in the Image of 
Man, and can be found in the libraries of local univer-
sities, as well as at the Fine Arts Gallery Library. 

He holds a doctorate in architectW'e from the Politec-
nico di Turino, and has lived in the United State .since 1947. 

For information about tickets to the coming program, 
please call 453-2000, extension 2061. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Would you like to see your name 

in the news? Therl,; are openings 

for writers--inquire at the Triton 

es office in Lower Blake Hall. 

RESEARCH 
MATERIAL 

ALL TOPICS 
ACADEMIC 

RESEARCH LIBRARY 
OFSAN DIEGO 

2145 EL CAJON BLVD. 
SAN DIEGO. CA 92104 

(714) 291 -6150 
WE ALSO PROVIDE ORGINAl 
RESEARCH ON ANY SUBJECT 

KNOWLEDGE-
has its birth and 

maturity 
in thought. 

"A Thousand 
Thoughts" 

By Edgar A. Powers 
$5.00 

Your local bookstore or 
EXPOSITION 

PRESS,INC. 
50 Jericho Turnpike 
Jericho, N. Y.11153 

Low Blows Con't. From Page 2 
"are you sure no one will mind our using the drive-in and 
eating in the 10lD'lge?" 

"Certainly not, Henry. Why should anyone care?" 
Why indeed? 
I opened the door . "Then let's - ah!" 
The "ah" escaped my lips because I had suddenly 

remembered my appearance. Priscilla's previous giggles 
gave me some reason to believe my entrance at this 
proleteriat Brown Derby might be regarded with 
something less than the proper attitude. Quickly, I 
removed my tie and dinner jacket, placing them in the 
rear seat. 

The youth behind the counter cocked an eyebrow at the 
sacks we carried in. I turned one bag around so he could 
see it was one of his. I smiled. He smiled. In fact, we both 
smiled. 

"I really hope you didn't mind coming here," whispered 
Priscilla, a touch of civility creeping into her voice. 

"Not at all ... uh, Prissy," I lied. (I kept seeing my 
obituary. The records of my various accomplishments 
changed, but the cause of death always remained the 
same: Terminal Heartburn.) 
"1 think you'll like the food here better than you think you 
will, Henry ." Priscilla smiled and handed me a napkin. 
"You see," she continued, "the hamburger itself is a 
great idea. It has protein in the meat, starch in the bread, 
and vegetables in the condiments. It's not the idea of the 
hamburger, but its execution that gets it into trouble." 

I was impressed, I'll admit. 
"Quite a speech, Prissy," I remarked. 
She demurred. " Well, it almost was. Most of that was 

from a paper I wrote for Home Ec." 
Feelings of guilt assailed me. Perhaps I had wronged 

the girl. Perhaps she was a connoisseW' in her own right-
or wrong. 

"You seem to be quite informed about hamburgers," I 
commented. 

She grinned and shrugged~ 
"Well," I said, "how do these Jumbo Jacks stack up 

against the other numbers available?" 

confessed. "They just aren't anythin.,g like the ones I've 
tried my hand at at home ." I shook.1fiy head. " They don't 
taste alike." . 

Priscilla - that is, Prissy (cute name!) - thought for a 
moment. "Try some Thousand Island dressing instead of 
mayo,:!"aise next time. That'll probably do it," she said, 
throwmg away the paper trash. 

As soon as she said it, I knew she was right. The Kid is a 
natural! 

"Well, let's go, Prissy," I said. "How about a movie?" I 
suggested. 

"Peckinpah? " she queried. 
"Peckinpah," I grinned. 
I suppose the Jwnbo Jacks helped us understand each 

other. At any rate, the conversation was considerably 
more interesting after JITB than before it. I was getting to 
really like the Kid, despite her odd tastes. Maybe Wingate 
isn't such a terrible father after all. 

We reached the theater. 
"You get out here and wait for me, Prissy. I'll park the 

car and come back." 
Brave words ... 
As I pulled into the parking lot, my vision blurred and I 

doubled over in pain. Those damnable hamburgers ! 
Well, that's how itis. I won't blame Priscilla and I won ' t 

blame Jack-In-The-Box. It's all my fault and I really 
should have known better. 

And while. it's not in the best tradition of the Flemings, 
and my family would be shocked and my friends mystified 

I wish I were dead. 

Deadline Notice 
DEADLINE NOTICE: Due deadlines for classified ads 
and announcements: ~ri. at 5 p.m. for Tuesday paper; 
Wed. at 5 p.m. for Friday paper. 

Ecology 
Meeting 

A special presentation on 
Economy, Ecology and 
Rapid Population Growth 
will be given to members of 
the Environmental Health 
Section at their October 25 
meeting beginning at 9:30 
a .m . 

The public is invited to 
attend the meeting at 3211 
Jefferson Street, office of the 
Comprehensive Health 
Planning Association of 
Imperial, Riverside and San 
Diego Counties (CHPA). The 
Planning Section is chaired 
bv Arnold Klaus. 

Willard Johns on and 
Mignon Scherer, of the Slow-
Growth Speakers Bureau , 
will discuss the effects of 
rapid population growth in 
San Diego County , as it af-
fects the economics, en-
vironmental , health and 
social conditions of the 
residents. 

They also will explain a 
proposed Ordinance on Slow-
Growth which is being 
considered by the City 
Council of San Diego. 

Graduate 
Women 
Council 

Do you find graduate 
school an agonizing ex-
perience? Do you realize 
tha t your feelings are shared 
by other women? 

The Gr .. .:!;;;;!~ ~'!omen 
Council was started last year 
to try todefineand deal with 
problems of women in 
graduate school. The council 
began a survey on attrition 
rated in graduate students to 
try to find out why so large a 
percentage of women do not 
finish . This year we hope to 
finish and publish the results 
of this survey and to move on 
to new goals. 

If you want to play apart in 
defining these new goals or if 
you have id~s you want to 
share with other female 
graduate students or if you 
are interested in the council, 
please attend our first 
meeting of the year at 9 a .m., 
Tuesday, October 23, in 
Conference Room B, Mat-
thews Campus 106. , 

She frowned slightly. "Not bad, actually. I'd rate 'em 
about number two overall. I think the best I've ever tasted 
were at Sambo's, but they're a little more expensive 
there." 

I bit into my hamburger, chewing carefully to savor all 
the flavor. It wasn't as bad as I thought I had remem-
bered. 

"What must one look for in a hamburger?" 
ce lt's pretty much like anything else. You know, the 

quality of the meat, freshness of the condiments, et 
cetera." She paused. "Do you know what a steak tastes 
like?" 

\ 
-_ ',/J/)Y£'I 

Did I know? Not ten minutes ago I could have described 
a steak's flavor in iambic pentameter. I nooded. 

"Since you can't always tell the quality of meat by just 
looking at it, you have to compare its taste with a standard 
like steak. The closer it comes to tasting like steak, the 
better . " 

To be truthful, this burger didn't taste anything like -
"Of course, it's all relative," she added as an af-

terthought. 
Oh. 
"Also," she pointed out, "these patties are pretty thick 

compared to some. I've seen patties that look like they 
were torn out of a book." 

" I'll confess; these aren't as bad as I first thought," I 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

STEREO'S BELOW WHOL~ALE 
. . 

We buy most Merchandise below normai wholesale Prices including New, Bankruptcies still in factory 
sealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Mo t makes and 
models. 

.iII e •• , 
'. term. 
.... IIIIBf .. 

I ' II, 

Dil;iL»Ul~iLWI 
.11 • mlrl IrCOWI Alflfll Ga .. a •• a.'_._'lc c: ....... r 

DI.monel needle - Fet clrcuHry Y" $161 
lIirge full r.nge ape.ke, .y.tem SAn .75 
AdJu.t.bIe heRphone., etc. 

FREIGHT LI UIDATORS 

4 CHANtiEL eUAD 
1' ••• 0 10UND . 

Lay-Aways and 
m.f.L .. t.3 •••• Trade-Ins Accepted 

200 ..... 
AM"' 
IIPX 

S.V. '20271 ~II ......... r, ...... 
Our $167 20 5 ••• 5, .... 

Price • , .... ,-, .... 
- .... OCI. __ 

3459 EI Cajon Blvd. 283-6368 

------

CD 

Pag 3 Triton Tim , October 19, 1973 



GO ••• NAVY! 
Last weekend, in commemoration of its 198th birthday, the Navy put 

on a demonstration of air power at Miramar NAS. On display were all 
types of aircraft, from obsolete fighters to the sophisticated death 
machines used to blow up children in Vietnam and Damascus. 
Spectators wandered among them munching popcorn and hot dogs, 
sipping cokes and eating cotton candy. Vendors mingled with the 
crowd, peddling balloons and plastic Ameriam flags. 

It was a strange and paradoxical celebration: Deadly machines 
with no other purpose in life than to kill, being viewed by families with 
little children as If it were an outing at the zoo. 

War is nothing more than a carnival event and Ii game - as long as it 
happens to other people. Join the Navy, see the world, and sail away in 
a sea of blood. 

Photos by Maleolm Smith 

Pale 4 TrIton TlmeI, Oct.ober 19, 1973 

·w 

., 

Hormone Tested At Med School 

New Diabetes Treatment 
8y Bob Nau 

A synthetic hormone developed last year at Salk Institute and currently being tested at 
the UCSDmedical school shows promise of becoming the most important advance in the 
treatment of diabetes since the development of insulin therapy, according to Dr. Samuel 
Yen, Chairman of the Department of Reoroductive BiolollV at the medical school. The 
new hormone inhibits the release of growth hormone (somatotropin) and is called 
somatostatin, or somatotropin-release inhibiting factor(SRlF) . 

Growth hormone stimulates and controls growth during the developmental period of 
life- without it, no growth would ocrur. It is alsO present, at reduced levels, in normal 
adults, and participates in the regulation of certain chronic metabolic activities, and it is 
herein that SRIF may prove relevant to diabetes treabnent. Growth hormone in adults 
contributes to the "fine tuning" of carbohydrate (sugar and starch) metabolism, in part 
by modulating the action of insulin, which is the principal regulator of blood sugar levels . 
In diabetes, a deficiency of insulin results in abnormally high levels of glucose in the 
blood and urine, and ~or fifty years the principal treatment for diabetics has been daily 
injections of insulin. Preliminary experiments by Dr. Yen and his colleagues suggest 
that SRIF may prove to be "a more specifiC ther3peutic tool" than insulin in diabetes 
treatment, and yesterday an experimental program involving the administration of ' 
SRIF to diabetics was begun at University Hospital to verify whether this hypothesis is 
correct. 

SRIF is nonnally produced in the brain and is one of several factors regulating the 
production of growth hormone. It was first isolated in sheep, then characterized and 
synthesized, by Dr. R. Guillemin and his associates at Salk Institute in 1972. Following 
the demonstration that this compound was also active in rats, Dr. Yen, in collaboration 
with Drs. T.M. Siler and G. Devane, began a series of investigations to assay the effects 
of synthetic SRIF on humans. 

In an early series of experiments it was shown that SRIF could completely suppress 
releases of growth hormone normally induced by other agents. Arginine and L-DOPA 
are both known to increase secretion of growth hormone, apparently by inducing the 
release of another regulat{)ry hormone called ~rowth-hormone-releasing-factor (GRF). 
When SRIF was administered simultaneously with infusions of arginine or L-DOPA to 
normal human subjects, no increase in growth hormone level was observed. The 
mechanism is thought to be one of competition between SRIF and GRF at receptor sites. 

The first therapeutic use of SRIF which was investigated by Dr. Yen and his associates 
was the treabnent of a rare hormonal disorder known as acromegaly. In acromegaly 
excessive amounts of growth hormone continue to be produced after an individual has 
reached physical maturity. The disease is characterized by increased overall physical 
size, with particular enlargement of the hands, feet, and facial features, and other 
metabolic derangements. Two months ago a program was begun of administering SRIF 
to five acromegalic subjects, and the results, according to Dr. Yen, have been " dramatic 
and very impressive." All five subjects have shown markedly reduced rates of growth 
hormone secretion. It is still .tooearly to tell whether in the long run SRIF will help to 
alleviate the symptoms of this disease. These findings were presented last week at a 
symposiwn in Baltimore entitled " Hwnan Growth Hormones." 

The most exciting prospective therapeutic use of SRIF is as a supplement or perhaps 
even a replacement to insulin therapy in the treatment of diabetes. 

Insulin plays an extremely complex and ubiquitious role in the regulation of car-
bohydrate metabolism. It facilitates the transport of glucose across cell membranes, 
and also controls many synthesis and breakdown reactions which affect the level of 
glucose in the blood. The high blood sugar level associated with insulin deficiency in 
diabetes apparently represents an attempt by the body to overcome the low rate of 
glucose transport into the cells. 

A connection between the metabolic functions of insulin and growth hormone was 
previously known. They tend to be found in inverse concentrations in the blood (I.e. the 
more of one, the less of the other); each apparently exerts an inhibiting effect on the 
release of the other through indirect means. Growth hormone is also known to decrease 
the sensitivity of cells to the glucose- transport effects of insulin. Now, diabetics 
generally show somewhat elevated levels of growth hormone production, and about 40 
percent of acromegalies, in whom overproduction of growth hormone is severe, also 
show symptoms of diabetes. These facts suggest that regulation of growth hormone 
levels through the administration of SRIF may be effective in increasing the sensitivity 
of diabetics to insulin, resulting in a reduction or perhaps elimination of the need for 
externally administered insulin. 

Dr. Yen and his group have also measured SRIF-induced changes in normal subjects 
in the levels of Circulating glucose and insulin, and the results are intriguing. SRIF ap-
parantly causes a decrease in both the insulin level and the glucose level. This is at 
variance with the usual situation, in which a decrease in the insulin is associated with an 
increase in glucose level, and vice versa. The two decreases also appear to proceed at 
slightly different rates, and the suggestiqn is that the effect of SRlF on the glucose level 
may be through a mechanism which is not regulated by insulin, which could also be an 
extremely important development in the understanding and treatment of diabetes. 

Dr. Yen is hopeful that his research will also prove valuable in the treatment of 
diabetic children, who generally have a more severe form of the disease than those who 
develop it in middle age. However, the current experiment involves only adult subjects, 
because of uncertainty in the effect SRIF might have on normal growth and develop. 
ment. While growth hormone does normally playa role in adult metabolism, its function 

• 

f 
==:' t--.. iiiiiiiii 

Photo: Winn 

What's twelve feet tall. has three arms aDd legs, aDd lives at the Urey HallloadlDg dock? 
It's a Mud Cross CUttings Removal Assembly, being built at the Urey Hall machine shop 
for the Deep Sea Drilling Project. The method devised by the drilling project for re-
entering a bore hole on the ocean floor, after pulling the drill up to change bits, involves 
the placement of a twelve-foot-high cone (open end up, like a funnel ) over the hole when 
the first entry is made. When the drill is re-Iowered for subsequent entries the cone 
facilitates relocation of the hole via sonar, and then funnels the bit back down the hole. 
However, they found that mud coming up around the drill shaft tended to fill the cone up. 
This contraption will ride up and down with the drill bit, and when fitted into the re-entry 
cone on the sea floor its three "arms" at the top will hang over the cone's edge and 
deposit upcoming mud safely off to the sides. 

there appears to be simply one of fine modulation-it is useful, but not essential . Ac-
cording to Dr. Yen, if growth hormone secretion were totally suppressed in an adult, the 
!"etabolic sy~tem would still function normally, only "a little less gracefully." However, 
10 the experunents performed so far on nonnal subjects, SRIF did not suppress the 
normal basal level of growth hormone anyway ; it served only to nullify attempts to 
artificially induce increases with other agents. 

The original preparations of SRIF used by Dr. Yen and his associates yielded effects 
which usually lasted less than an hour after infusion. In the experiment begun yesterday 
with diabetic subjects, an improved preparation in the form of a protamine-zinc SRIF 
suspension is bein~ used. which is expected to have effects lasting 18 to 24 hours. Work is 
continuing at Salk Institute to increase the time between medications, and Dr. Yen feels 
that it may be possible to develop preparations in the form of capsules which might last 
as long as several months. If the treabnent should prove effective against diabetes, this 
would represent another tremendous improvement over insulin therapy in which the 
medication must be taken every day. ' 

The overall pattern of experimental results thus far shows SRIF to have a highly 
complex effect on human metabolism and much more work is neede!t . but Dr. Yen's line 
of research is certain to prove fasciniating and highly fruitful . 

Phone, 
(7l4) 280-3483 F&F 

Automotive 
Repairs 
vw & Domestic 

Complete Foreign 
Car Service 

20 % off/ students 
3500 EI Cajon Blvd. San Dle.o, California 

-. .......... ",--.... _4110 __ _ 
eU'LT·'" DDUY" Tho -"_ 
-----... 
--,..,.....-...., ,our ..,.. •• adty - ..., ... 
.....-'c ...... c_.c ..... 

H • .,,,,, It ....... 1 ..... "'" .,...'1 
...... " v"" rev .. at '" TN 00MIf· . rIO. bull ........... _.efttl 

,~.",. "'-... . , .. 
w"..,.·, Only 5449.95 ___ -.ct 

Pag S Tntton TIme • CJctober 19, 1973 



Lost in Ameri~ 
Losing Sleep Over Chile 

by Jim Soto 
Editor's note - Mr. Soto will present bis views on a 

weekly basis on tbese pages. Hopefully bis UDorthadox 
and controversial poutical views will belp create a forum 
on tbe events of tbe day. 

Despite its inevitabliity ; the recent collapse of Marxism 
in Chile has paved the way for another cause to which 
certain citizens of a leftist bent can now attach themselves 
to. 

The entire campus has been flooded with a feeling of 
rightous indignation. Through the rather strong 
saturation of literature and the concentration of activists, 
this university has been hit by a barrage of bias which 
makes it almost impossible for the student to make an 
intelligent decision. 

In last Tuesday's issue of the Triton Times, a certain 
Mason Powell demonstrated his lamentations of the 
passing of Allende from the parapet of power in Chile. As 
might be 'expected the readers were subjected to a 
pointless and narrow viewpoint to which only the most 
naive of citizens could accept. 

The reader becomes aware of a proposal to garner 
signatures in a petition to tl)e United Nations, the world's 
most absurd diplomatic circus, that will solve the 
problems of a sovereign nation. This infamous 
organization, alterall, has done so much to bring peace to 
the Mideast, Vietnam, the Indian sub-continent and 
Africa. 

fiS Citizen Powell goes deeper into the problem we learn 
of his own intolerence for the opinions of others. He in-
forms us of our mediocrity. We are astonsished by the 
hideous fact that our own minds have not yet had the 
privilege of becoming as twisted and unreasoning as Mr. 
Powell 's. 

Should we regret the failure of Marxism in Chile? Is it 
still possible to sleep at nights knowing full well of the 
disaster that has struck Chile? 

And of Allende, must we still wonder whether he is to be 
cannonized a saint? 

Before we are brought down by an ulcer, a few ob-
servations are in order. 

First Chile was suffering from a disastrous 300% in-
flation, running over an extended period. We American~ 
become indignent over 7% inflation. If this country were 
to suffer anything close to that rate (the event not an 
impossibility during the reign of King Richard) one could 
safely say that every elected official, would ~uffer the fate 
of Joan of Arc. . 

Second, Allende encouraged or at least did not 
discourage the formation of paramilitary or~anizations. 
This act led to the probability of Civil War, and to the 
weakening of his own integrity. 

Third, his own willful disregard to the limits of the 
Chilean constitution lent itself to further problems. 

Finally the legislatures of Chile called for the in-
tervention of the armed forces into the political arena. 

Despite all the above, Mr.Powell would have us believe 
that the Chilean people are incapable of political action. 

The ghost of repressive American intervention has been 
re-aroused.' We are reminded that the CIA is now 
spreading its blood money throughout the world in order 
to prevent the spread of peace-loving social movements 
through out the world. 

Butit is not enough that the CIA is pursuing corrupt and 
immoral policies? Let it be known that the Peace Corp is 
also a den of American Imperialism working hand in hand 
with the vile Green Berets. Does the reader question the 
validity of Mason Powell's fairy tales?! ' 

Let it be kJiown that the United . States is using 
repressive tactics. Or is it? Mr. Powell do you now speak 
from a prison? Or, Mr. Powell has free speech become a 
tactic of repressive regimes? The answer must be yes, 
because truly democratic regimes like the Soviet Union 
and Albania never allow free speech. 

Finally, when the going gets tough, one can always 
throw a few words around to impress upon the'reader the 
truth. One of the words is facist. A Simple definition is in 
order. A fascist is one who disagre'es with Mason Powell. 

Mr. Powell have you overlooked Allende's subversion of 
the Ch'lean constitution, one of the most respected and 
viable in Latin America. 

The question is then not why there was a coup in Chile, 
but that why didn 't it come sooner? Allende sowed the 
seeds for his own destruction. It was inevitable. Allende 
has transformed Chile into another mediocre Latin 
American dictatorship. 

One tyrant has been replaced by anotl)er. Are we to lose 
sleep over the substitution of one despot by another? 

.....---~P=£tD 3fI-ADJln--
HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A PROFESS-
IONAL SPEED READING AND COMPREHENSION COURSE OFFERED 
BY R.E . A.D.S . ESPECIALLY FOR UNIVERSITY STUDENTS ON 
THIS CAMPUS. 

·What will the cours. do tor me?· 
At least double or triple your reading speed with 

improved comprehen.ion. Over lSO university .tudent. 
Just completing the course averaged an inerea.e in read-
ing epeed ot six ti.e (200 to 1200 "Pa) and a co...,re-
hen.lon increa.e ot 15_ (10 to 85). 
·How .uoh tl .. doe. It take?· 

Your work.hop wIll .. et tor .1x weeks. one two-and -
a-halt hour cla •• per .. ek. Homework i. liait.d to 15 
ainute. per day. in ~ text. and _terials. 
-What guarante •• *r. th.r.?· 

You wIll read at 1I&lt threeti.s taster by the .nd at 
the cour •• with equal or b.tt.r compreh.n.ion or ,.t a 
full refund. 
·Can I co .. to a cla •• to ••• ? 

re.. The flret •••• 10n .. y be att.nd.d without obli-
gation. If you are di.satistied. you will get your d.posit 
back then and th.re. 
-Who teaches the cour .. ?· 

Reading Education and Dir.cted Study (READS). They 
are .pecialists in university-l.v.l .pe.d reading. 
"!Ill It .nd WMre will the cla •••• b. h.ld?· 

Cla •••• will b.,in the ... k of Oct. 29tk. rou will be 
notified of the LaJolla location prior to the first cl •••• 
Schedule ot ela •• es ara as follow •• 

IIlNDAY 2.00 - 4.)0 
TU!SDAY 2.00 - 4.30 
IIBDftBSDU 2.00 - 4.30 
THURSDAY 10.00 - 12.)0 2.00 - 4.)0 
PIIlDAY 2.00 - 4.)0 
SATURDAY 10.00 - 12.)0 loOO - ).)0 

·S ... und. good. How ... ch do •• it oo.t?· 

1.00 - 9.)0 
1.00 - 9.)0 
1.00 - 9.)0 
1.00 - 9.)0 

TM total price 1& only $89. A.15 depod t .... t b ... d. 
prior to cla •• and the balanc. paid the fir.t night of ola, •• 
unl .... peCial arrang.-.t. are aade. To enroll. complete 
the application and raturn it to the Student look.tore or 
.. 11 1t to RKADS . All oheck. are _de payable to R.E.A.D.S. 

RfADING EDUCATION AND DIRECTED STUDY 7467+ Cuyier 454-6911 (eYe) 
La JoUa, CA. 

Page 6 Triton Times, October 19, 1:113 

A Male Man 

Who are the true statistical minority? Men. Who controls 
than 60% of America's wealth? Men. Who has little choice 
foods they eat, the socks they wear, the very color of their 
paper? You got it. 

Throw off your blinders! Remove that nasal ring! Sever 
clinging vine! No more to be stupified by 42 inch bazooms in a 
through blouse. No more to endure poverty to obtain a I::UlJOU-IIIII::DI 
kiss. No more to suffer the pain and frustration of lover's rocks. 

We must destroy the myth of female superiority; reverse 
poSitions; topple the pedestals as Samson his pillars. We 
resist the sexual dependency which women use as their tool -
power over us, and demand equality and respect for what we, 
are. 

Did Che need sex? Did Schweitzer need sex? Did Nixon need 
No ! We have been programmed by society and Playboy to 
sex, but it is not essential to life, as eating is. As these great 
have found important things in life, things that require all 
energy, we too can become involved in something above 
mundane desire for congenital satisfaction. 

The big stigma that all men who remain pure must be fags or 
"Mama's Boys" has been created by women so that all men will 
strive to be muscle-bound studs, admired for our over-developtll 
pectorals instead of our intelligence and our creativity. That cute, 
charming, winsome little creature who has you wrapped around 
her finger, whom you worship, must be defied! She must no longer 
think of you as merely a sexual object, merely a tool to clean her 
pipes out, but as an equal. 

We spent years learning how to be appealing to them: how 
wear tight chinos and keep a smile on your facej how to hold 
breath so that your spare tire looks built for a bycicle instead 
dune buggy j how to pitch your voice an octave lower until 
throat rasps j how to move with panther-like machismo 
like the clumsy slobs we are. We must be tough and 
regardless of whether or not we find the girl appealing, and 
charming and suave so that they don't think of us as "creeps." 

It is time we rejected these false images we have been forced 
emulate, demanded acceptance for our minds and our 
and are loved for ourselves rather than our Charles A 
physiques. 

At first women will cease to be attracted to you; you will be<:ome. 
sexless, and even worse, unnatural and threatening. You will 
feared, despised and viciously maligned by castrating women 
are angry and resentful that you have marred the "average 
image which gives them a sense of feminity and dominance 
the creations they have manufactured for their own 
pleasure, and purposes 

WELCOME U.C.S. 
STUDE 

'. 
I 

P 

Walter "Macho" Mitty 

will sneer at you in the gym and tell you to "burn your 
They will open doors for you, implying that you are too 

to do it for yourself. They may even spread rumors that 
frigid or impotent, and say that you only joined the football 
that you could pat the other guys on the fanny. 

we are to be liberated, we must endure insults and 
, orwe will crumble under the first cry of "Oink, oink!" or 

, " Hey, Mack, can'.t get it up?" Ultimately, of course, 
cease to love and adrmre such women. We will have con-

~omen who can'tlove us for ourselves. And though it will 
friendly world, a colder world, there will be no unrequited 

, Or frustration. Let us be ourselves, and to all those who are 
by us let us stand tall and say, "split! " 

......................... 

'T1 
r 
('") 
» 
c... 
o 
z 
c:o 
r 
< !=' 

o 
"lJ 
m 
Z 
o 

THE. 

en 
rn 

8 
:z 
c 

EN'STUFF 
M .. L ..... JEANS 

~ 
r 
-< 
... 

o 
BANKAMERICARD + MASTER CHARGE Expires 10/27/73 a, 

Letters to the EditOl .... OYE JOur 
ABILmES thru HYP.OSIS Mideast War 

Dear Editor: 

This letter is in response 
to several items carried irl 
the Triton Times of Oct. 12, 
1973. Rabel tells us that 
there is "strong student 
support for Israel at 
V.C.S.D." as manifested in 
the appearance of Israeli 
flags in dorm windows. 
These flags, according to 
Rabel. ~mbolize " the 
strong historical tics 
between" the U.S. and 
Israel (p. 1). Be this as it 
may, I am appalJed that 
such mindless and 
automatic endorsement of 
the Israeli cause is widely 
taken as the appropriate 
response to the Mideast 
War. I do not know what 
"strong historical ties" are 
being referred to, but I 
suppose they include 
Israel's support for 
American involvement in 
Southeast Asia , support 
symbolized, I presume, by 
Minister of Defense 
Dayan's visit to South 
Vietnam in the course ci 
which he exalted 
America's enormous 
firepower . 

In the letter on the 
"Mideast. War" (p. 5) , I 
assume that the writers are 
using the word "attack" in 
the sense of "invasion. " 
But notice that the word 
" invasion," according to a 
reputable dictionary, is 
Ijefined as "a hostile en-
;rance or armed attack on 
the property or territory of 
another for conquest or 
plunder." Although I have 
problems with this 
definition, let us accept it 
for purposes of analysis. 
The point is that since the 
Arab " attack" or " in-
vasion" was launched 
against their own 
"territory" . it follows that 
the Israelis were the 
agressors. For it would 
indeed be odd for the Arabs 
to attack their own 
territory, and, a fortior i, 
since it cannot be denied 
that the Israelis were 
holdine the territory by 

for .. e, terrItory 
" belongin.," to other 
nations. 

Perhaps my in-
terlocutors would object by 
saying that the Arabs 
"ceded" (cf. p. 5, 
paragraph 7) the occupied 
territories as a result of the 
Six Days War. But, ac-
cording to the same 
reputable dictionary, the 
word "cede" is relevantly 
defined as " to give up, gi ve 
over, grant or concede 
typically by treaty or 
negotiated pact. " Let us 
take the typical case as a 
paradigm for purposes of 
analysis. Now since, as my 
interlocutors know, there 
has been no de jure set-
tlement whereby Israel 
was granted the territories 
in perpetuity. As should be 
obvious, a de facto 
ceasefire is not tantamount 
to a de jure settlement. 
Hence, we are forced to 
conclude that the Arab 
attack was, strictly 
speaking, merely 
"defensive" in the sense 
that such an attack was 
deemed the only ap-
propriate means whereby 
the Arabs could "defend" 
their own territory. 

Again note that there is 
an instructive parallel 
between my interlocutors' 
outre notion of "attack" 
and some of the notions 
used in justifying 
American involvement in 
Southeast Asia. For, if my 
memory serves me 
correctly; the Geneva 
Accords stipulated that the 
demarcation line between 
"North" and " south" 
Vietnam was only tem-
porary and was in no wise 
to be construed as a per-
manent boundary. Yet , 
when the North Viet-
namese and the N.L.F. 
launched their Easter 1972 
offensive, our illustrious 
leaders informed us of a 
massive " invasion" by a 
foreign country, as was 
their wont since at least the 
time of the Johnson Ad-
ministra tion. Never-
theless' I was then, as I am 

Cont. on page II 

APPLICATION 

D.RAKOW 281-451. 
---. 

Academy of Psychic Sciences 
4288 Menlo Ave., San Diego 283-2279 

;:,a/-Itd! I,~'trlililt set/-klfl/Osi. 
Free lecture every Friday -7om 

~CAIIPUS 
OPENS MC.tl>l~ 

UCSD CENTER 
10 to 12 AM, 

On the cover of' TRlPPHVG 
The student travel1'n8gazine 

. CHRISTMAS OIARTER FLIGHTS 
NEW YORK ll1'O 

LA/New York Leaves 
TIA DC-8 Dec. 14 

LA~hicago 
Amencan707 

CHICAGO .116 
Leaves 
Dec. 14 

MEXICO CITY $.]49 
LA/Mexico City 

United OC-8 
Leaves 
Dec. 15 

Returns 
Jan. 1 

Returns 
Jan. 1 

Returns 
Oeo.29 

LA/ Freeport? 
TIA DC-8 

leaves 
Dec. 1'4 

Returos 
Dec. 29 

AVAILABLE ONLY TO UCSD STUDENTS, 
FACULTY, STAFF, AND THEIR IMMEDIATE 
FAMILIES. 

NAD. ____ ................ __ .... ____ ~PHO~. ______________ __ 

ADDgSS ___ -.~o.rl~ ........................ ~~ ............ ~~--
.tr .. t city alp 

CLASS DESIRED. PIRST CHOICR 
SECO/fD CHOICB, __ ........................ _ 

DEPOSIT $,_· .... ____ BAWCE, _______________ _ 

PLUS! SBPfD INPO ON THE COURSB '1'0 A FRIIND. IF THEY '1'.utI 
THE CLASS, I 'Ll. GET $, OFF MY 'l'UI'l'ION. 

NA .. , ______ -'ADDRBSS. __________ _ 
PHOQ, _____ .... __ _ 

I wish to apply for I R. E.A . D.S . speed rudlng and coaprehenslon 
class and understond thlt .y deposlt wl11 be refunded 1 f I chose 
not to contlnue put the flrst closs .... tlng . I agree to pay., 
tultlon b.l.nce .t flrst cllss lf I contlnu •• nd und.rstand th.t 
all tultlon p.ld w111 be refunded, if, at end of ellSS I hi .. 
not trlpled .y rtldlng rat. w1th Iqual or better co.pr~henslon 
I .gree to 1.t .y lnstructor know of Iny rlldlng 1.pllr •• nts I ' 
hive, to .ttend .ach cl.ss and to do the r.qulred hOI.work (In 
.y •• hrhls). I •• y take fret refresher cllSs.s .t ""1 tla. 
followlng ., co.plltlon of thls cours •. 

SIGNATURE OF APPLICANT 
S I GUTU A£ 0 r EN ROLUIE N=-T -:C::O-::U~NS::E-LL-O-R-------
DATE SCHOOL NOli ATTE" 0 US 
CLASS LOCATION DESIRED : UCLA~-:---C-AL-ST-A-T-E--L-A:_ 

USC 
UCSD_ 
UCI 

CAL POLY 
CAL STATE-FULL. 
CAL STATE - S. F. 

RIADING (DUCATION AIID D'R(CTlD ITUDY 7467\ eu .. iu 
La Jolla 

p 7 Trition Times, october 1'. 1m 



THEATRE 

"So, what's the problem?" 

musical Notes , 
Records: Larry Deckel 

OVER-NITE SENSATION 
TIlE MO'nIERS - PerllOlUlel: Fra.at Zappa-guitar & 
vocals; Jean-Luc Ponty-violiD & barftoae vioUn; George 
Duke-keyboards & synthesizer; Ian Underwood-
fiute,clariDet, alto & tellor sax; Ruth Underwood-
marimba, vibes & percussion; Sal Marquez-trumpet & 
vocals; Tom Fowler-bass; Bruce Fowler-trombone; 
Ralph Humpbrey-drums, additional vocals-Kin VaS8.1 and 
lUcky. Lancelotti. 

The inside credits say it au I suppose, " produced, 
arranged and conducted by FRANK ZAPPA" and that 
seems to sum up the substance of the musical genius of 
Frank Zappa. Zappa is-one of the few rock-jazz artists I 
know of who feels a need to conduct his rock band. This is 
because Zappa has gone through the entire metamor-
phoses of pseudo-rock in the fifteen or so albums he has 
put out and attempted, and continues to move in and out of 
a strange collage of forms of musical expression. 

It is for. this reason, that Zappa's latest release is such a 
confusing spectacle. After what seems like hundreds of 
transformations in the personnel of " The Mothers, " 
Zappa has now around him, perhaps the finest group of 
musicians he has played with to date, and yet Over-rute 
Sensation allows almost no room for this fact to show. 

After the parting of company between Frank and the 
infamous "Florescent Leech and Eddie" (Mark Volman 
and Howard Kaylan,) Zappa began working heavily on 
instrumental albums, WAKA/JAWAKA . and THE 
GRAND WAZOO and really concentrating on the musical 
end of things. 

Now, with the band most capable of Zappa's in-
strumental inclinations, we suddenly find a return to 
Zappa's lyrical side, with an album heavy with vocals, 
and lacking in long instrumental passage. 

Despite this dissapointment, the album still proves an 
exciting package. Under the vocals (chiefly done by 
Zappa who I'm afraid will never match vocal heights 
achieved by previous Mothers vocalists,) lie the brewings 
of a band waiting to be uncorked. 

Side 1 is the weaker of the two, with two more-or-less 
uneventful cuts, Camarillo Brillo and Dirty Love. This is 
made up however by I'm tbe Sllme a remarkably 
tolerable tune, despite the pseudo-political lyrics about 
the slime oozin out of our TV sets. The falsetto chorus. 
and throughout the album is the best of the vocals, and the 
instrumental work is s trongly reminiscent of The Grand 
Wazoo. 
- Side one concludes with Fifty-fifty, featuring the 
scream-songy voice of Ricky Lancelotti , who seems to 
tear the lyrics down your throat, and some of the best 
instrumental work on the album. George Duke 's keyboard 
work here sounds amazingly like a calliope which has a 
wonderful effect in the piece. Ponty's violin is controlled 
but interesting. 

On side 2, ZOMBY WOOF offers the brass and wind 
instruments a little something to chew on, and Zappa's 
lyrics begin to take some hold : 

" tellin you all the zomby troof, 
Here I'm is, the Zomby Woof" 
From here the album goes Into two, story-like Zappa 

pieces, and so the band suffers. playing second fiddle to 
the Zappesque narration. In DINAH-MOE HUMM we get 
another Zappa sexual fantasy, told at great length. Here 
Zappa 's vocals are put to best effect, while the back-up 
vocals do the real singing; as he narrates : 

" Kiss my aura ... Dora ... 
M-M-M ... it's real angora 
Woul!! y'a11 like some more-a '? 
Right here on the flora '? 
An' how ' bout you, Fauna '? 
Y 'wanna '?" 
MONTANA, the last cut is again, a story-song. This 

time, about raising dental floss in Montana . Ruth Un-
derwood pulls out some good vibes in this one, and the 
munchldn-like vocal chorus is the best on the album. 

All in an, this is probably Zappa's mostconunercial disc 
yet, a nd a relatively good one even so .. Still, I get the 
feeling there's a dynamite band waiting to cook undel' 
those lyrics, and though suppressed energy yields 
suspen.Je and excitement, I would really like to see the 
new Motbm:j ~t ~h;ha.,cc to lctit all lr out. 

"Improbabilities lived and imagined by JAMES 
THURBER in the fictional city of Columbus. Ohio. Made 
into a play by Jerome lAwrence & Robert E. Lee." 
Sounds like a flexible enough story-line for about almost 
anything to unfold. And indeed that is exactly what is 
presented on the Globe's stage during the west coast 
premier of JABBERWOCK, an incredible amount of 
anything. . 

Actually, the show is very unnerving. Not in terms of its 
content so much as to its theatrical effect. I had this 
tremendous feeling of insecurity all through intermission 
telling me something was terribly wrong with the show. 
And I spent a good portion of the second act trying to 
figure out what it was. 

The play, just as a point of reference, is basically about 
young Jamie Thurber, and his life growing up in the 
somewhat unbelievable Thurber household, with two 
brothers, a father. a "delightfully" loony mother, and a 
grandfather who thinks he's still in the civil war. 

Jamie's life, as well as the course of the play, finds itself 
intruded on by a zillion or so other loonie characters, who 
keep the Globe's small proscenium stage well filled 
throughout the evening. 

So, what's the problem'? Actually sounds like a lot of 
fun. Looking at the acting, one can 't really complain. 
Despite a tendancy towards caricaturization over 
characterization which seemed to shadow over the whole 
. show, mos~ of the cast seemed to hold itself tOgether quite 
together quite ~ell. 

Particuliarly good were Van Medcalf as young Thurber 
himself; C. Wayland Capwell, who takes the eccentric 
part of the grandfather and gives it a real-life charm, 
complemented by a great sense of line delivery; and 
especially John Sinor as Charley Thurber, who without a 
doubt came closest to capturing the troe image of what he 
was playing, by completely avoiding the caricaturization 
trap which caught so many others, and providing a 
welcome naturalistic delivery which complimented the 
entire show. 

The rest of the cast stayed reasonably well in line, with 
the possible exception of the botany teacher who un-
fortunately carried his caricatured portrayal a little too 
close to the realm of over-acting. 

Technically speaking, things were also well in hand. 
The s taging of the show was ac tually incredibly unob-
trus ive considering the demands of the text, and the 
movement flowed beautifully in and out of the attractive 
period two s tory interior which constituted the set. 

Irish Dance Concert 
Saturday, Oc tober 20th, the UCSD Campus Program 

Board presents for it's first folk concert of the year, the 
GRAINEOG CElLI BAND, California's mos t 
distinguished traditional Irish dance band. The band 
co":'i:Sting of Irish and American born musicians, plays a~ 
exciting and extensive repertoire of jigs, reels, hornpipes, 
and waltzes on an equally extensive collection 0{ in-
struments including button accordian, fiddle, concertina, 
penny whistle, flute, banjo, and piano. 

Kevin Keegan, a prominant mt:mber of the 'band; is an 
undisputed master of the button accordian. After gaining 
considerable acclaim in Ireland he toured the U.S. with an 
Irish dance band and decided to remain in Chicago, 
eventually settling in San Fransico. He has provided both 
the inspiration and the material for an Irish music revival 
in california. 

The concert will be held at 8:00 PM in the Revelle 
Cafeteria and attendance will be limited. Tickets may be 
obtained from the Urey Hall box office - free for UCSD 
students with ID and $1.50 for others. Get your tickets 
early so you don't miss this unique and exciting event. 
The box office is open Tuesday - Friday, 12 - 5. 

An exhibition by University of California, San Diego 
student artists will begin the fall quarter at the UCSD Art 
Gallery. 

The opening for the show will be from 5 to 7 p.m. 
Thursday, Oct. 18. in room 1260, Humanities - Library 
Building, Revelle Campus. 

Paintings, photographs and environmental sculpture 
will be displayed in the exhibition which runs through 
Nov. 9 Some 18 graduate students in the UCSD visual arts 
department contributed to the show. 

Hours for the gallery are from 12 to 5 p.m . daily and 
from 8 to 10 p.m . Wednesday. 

SANSU. QUAD SAVE $60000 
GARRARD SL 9..iB TURN TAB LE with Shut e M91E C art ridge & Needle , Dust 
cover & 'base_ Supe r powerful SANSI,T l QR 500 . 4 channel quadr:'ohonic AMI 
fM /MPX receiver . 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension spealo. · • with 12" 
woofe rs , 6" midrange & 3" tweeter, in deluxe wa lnut enclosure~ • .>pe akers 
25" high & 40 pounas each . $1100 Itst p rice . Sa ve £600 . C omplete or small 

art 
pottel'} 
books 
cards leather 

payments . NOW ~9Ir 
et*~a?:~ ft*B SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*8*A 
WEEKDAYS , 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .. 28H830 ~AT & SUN. 10-Y' 

Page 8 Triton Times. 0 'lob r 19, 1973 
.".' . " , IJ 

Larry Deckel 

With just a suggestion of props, other scenes were 
easily created outside the house proper, and the slightest 
bit of imagination helped create illusions that the stage 
could in no way represent. In one scene in which Grandpa 
is driving a run-away electric car, the fantasy works 
entirely, despite the fact the car has noplace it can really 
go, due to the restrictions of the stage. 

To this effect, the lighting design by Steven T. Howell 
works marvelously well, and aids in setting mood, and 
guiding us through the difficult transitions, with great 
ease and simplicity. 

So what exactly was wrong with the show? By the end of 
intermission I'd finally figured it out. In the entire course 
of the first act, nothing had happened. We received a 
quick blatant exposition whicb said in fact "The Thurber 
household is really weird", and by the time the first act 
was over nothing had really happened, except weird 
Thurber household things. 

It' s a strange script that way. You naturally feel lost 
because you eventually realize you haven't been gOing 
anywhere. The second act was a strong improvement on 
the first, probably because you know the characters by 
now, and a slight direction of purpose is felt perhaps. But 
you still never get anywhere. 

What you have in the end, is a- series of vaguely con-
nected stories, which I assume make up Thurber's 
childhood. 

Taken on this level, it actually is a bit of fun. It' s far 
from being linear, and the first act suffers a bit because 
the stories within are not as meaty as in Act II. Maybe 
that's it then. You can 't deny you never go anywhere, but 
at least you can admit you have a little fun while you're 
there. 

All and all then, The Globe has itself a reasonably en-
tertaining ( if not engrossing) evening in the theatre . . 
Assuredly a superior evening to the downtown theatre 
facade where a supposedly "Professional" cast presents a 
mockery of all that 's sacred in the theatre with a 
production of The Prisoner of Second A venue If I appear 
callous , check for yourself, perhaps I just hit a bad night. 
but while I .vas there I saw more lines dropped and 
motivations lost then the last junior high production of 
Oklahoma. 

The Globe on the other hand, is playing with a pretty 
touchy script, and on dramatic literature level alone it's a 
chancy expedition. But, the production itself is for the 
most part, a good try at transcending the vehicle . It 
creates a piece of theatre worth a look at, at least. 

Saturday Flicks 
By Peony Roberts 

Henry V 

Based on the play by William Shakespeare Edited by 
Laurence Olivier and Reginald Beck Directed and 
produced by Laurence Olivier 

Henry V is a brilliant and intriguing screen spectacle, 
rich in theatrical invention and heroic imagery. 

This particular visual conception of the Battle of 
Agincourt, (both the play 's and the film's central drama) 
begins as a picturization of a performance at the Globe 
Theatre, with the arrival of the Elizabethan audience and 
preparation backstage. 

The early scenes are played within· the confines and on 
the stage of the "wooden 0", and are embroidered upon 
with painted back drops and images that combine to give 
a texture of animated tapestries. 

The film moves into a more realistic mode the day 
before Agincourt, where tense and thoughtful scenes at 
night offset the explosive violence of battle the following 
morning. 

Fortunately, amid the clashing of steel-casqued knights 
and the tumult of medieval pomp, the film does not 
neglect the subtleties and eloquence of Shakespeare's 
verse and prose. Fortunately too, it has been reduced of 
excessive conversations , and in so doing has mounted the 

with faithful service "to the spirit and the word." 
being shown this Saturday is Lovers of Teruel, 

starting at 8:00 p.m. , USB, Room 2722. 

MARLON BRANDO 
in 

mE GODFATHER 
plus 

Diana Rose 
in 

LADY SINGS mE 
BLUES (R) 

opens6:1. 
show starts 7:00 

Yes, we have 
bwnper s tickers! 

DelMar 
Drive-in 

... , .. 

I ......... 

Hot 'N' Cold Flashes luau RevulU 
It has been said that Tennessee Williams 

deals with the "derelicts" of society, 
primarily in the so-called ' 'decadent South." 
Most of his plays are studies of frustration 
and stress, showing the splendid human 
capacity for courage and endurance in the 
face of adverse circumstance. Although he 
is now more wise and experienced, perhaps 
bitter and disillusioned, he still displays the 
compassion and s'!nsitivity for the op-
pressed-by-life that has endeared him to so 
many. 

The setting of his latest play is a small bar 
in Southern California, on a dismal night 
with the Pacific for background noise. The 
characters are more numerous than usual; 
they provide a variety of professions, 
philosophies, and approaches. There is also 
more "preaching," and more of a candid 
auto-biographical tone than even Williams 
is noted for. Perhaps that is why the play 
was originally entitled "Confessional." But 
that was either too candid, or the image of 
insignificant souls belplessly cast upon the 
stormy seas of life appealed to his dramatic 
nature. At any rate, "Small Craft War-
nJngs" is one of Williams most involved and 
comprehensive plays. 

The Mission Playhouse has done an ex-
cellent job in helping to make the West Coast 
debut of "WlIJ'Idngs" a succeSS. Edythe 
Pirazinnl has assembled a good cast, with . 
some very nice direction, lighting, and 
sound to back them up. The play begins a 
little slugishly, partly due to the deliberately 
lethargic mood the script begins with, and 
partly ' due to the long pick-ups on cues and 
slow delivery. But Mrs. Pirazinni soon 
picks up the pace, and the audience is swept 
along with the recollections, anecdotes, and 
emotions of the players. 

There are some very good parts, of 
course, and the relationships and reactions 
of the characters are authentic and in-
triguing. Ther e is Monk the bartender 
(William Garleb) who has found a quiet, 
comfortable niche which provides a modest 
income and a built in source of family, 
friends, and entertainment . He can 
vicariously enjoy many lives and ex-
periences without danger of serious in-
volvement. 

'I't¥! " Doc" (Howard Muhleman) is a 

Don Maker R. Trnat 

stereotyped disbarred alcoholic who The late afternoon fog the ever-famous Poi. clng tremendously. 
provides required medical services for a crept over the cliffs and What exactly is Poi you .polynesian dance Is 
modest fee, if you don't care about quality. drifted into the campus, may ask'? Well, no one actually very Interesting to 
Karen Winder does a nice job of Violet, a surrounding the In- seemed quite certain, but watch, and though some 
pathetic hooker with a frail constitution and ternational Center with a the record breaking crowd may say I'm wrong, it 's 8 
an eternal appetite for food and sex. Bill strange atmosphere, as if of 350 culture hungry souls Male Chauvinist's holiday. 
(Anthony Caprio) is the working class to set a mood for the He seemed to en joy it all tne The bumps and grinds and 
womans stud who has " never done a days Noelani Company's fir st same. stagger ing shaking that go 
work in his life," and won't as long a s big luau of this year . As if the menu wasn' t on is fascinating to watch, 
" Junior" can provide for him. The international center enough, a lengthy program and the girls themselves 

Quentin (J .D. Steyers) is a wealthy found itself widely of Polynesian music and made no qualms about 
Hollywood hack who puts a little kinky blue bedecked with a ' lively dance ran through and what they were doing. 
dye into second-rate flicks. He has made a beyond the meal. Besides In the finale put on by the 

. k atmosphere of its own, pIC -up of Steve (excellently portrayed by covered with posters, wall our own He Noelani Aloha Dance Studio, the 
ager Nerone, ) a young homosexual with hangings, and the aroma of Dancers (who finished the girls came down into the 

few hangups. Steve is hitching about to find Polynesian food filling the pr og r a m ,) the Aloha audience in a number of 
out where his head and world Is. Quentin misty air. dancers from Covina, and solos and m arvelously 
tries to warn him of the danger in becom- the Na Keiki 0 Hawali intimidated the men in the 
ing inured to new sights and adventures, Admittedly, I 'm no fan of Dancers from San Fran- front row. 
using himself as a sad example of one who PolyneSian food ( frankly, cisco were present. A highHght of the 
can only say, "So what?" to life. I'm not much of a fan of I don't make any program was a fan-

But the stellar performer by far was Pat any sortoffood,) but even I pretense about being a tastically spirited attempt 
McCune, who played a dumpy blond hair had to admit a certain critic of Polynes ian dance, by· the program hostess, to 
dresser named Leona Dawson. Leona is a charm to a meal of Kalua but. despite relatively recreate the art of fire 
skid-row Mary Worth in a mobile home. She Pua A, Chicken Polynesia, primitive souna equ ip - dancing, as she whirled a 
travels from town to town dispensing ad- Marshmallow Yams, ment , the luau cr owd fla ming baton and 
vice, concern, love and chicken soup to assorted accessories and seemed to enjoy the dan- proceeded to run her body 
whomever will accept. There is a par- 'r-..... ~ ___ ----------.... ----... through the fire. While she 
ticularly fine scene in which she grieves for Pu b II-e N otl-ce appeared to get singed, she 
her brother who dies in his teens, a boy who came out smiling (despite 
"looked like an angel, and played the violin a small flame which 
like he was making love." Pat McCune gives As some of you may have noticed, the Triton Times now started on the International 
the part all of the strength, compassion, has a " new" look. This is due to our recent switch over to Center Stage,) and 
joviality, and sorrow that is demanded, and a new typesetter. However, with any switch-over of this everyone seemed suitably 
will at least make your eyes sting a little. sort a certain amount of problems arise. impressed. 

"Warnings" is a heavy philosophic trip, In other words, in the ensuing confusion a certain The luau . while no 
but the marvelous talents of Tennessee amount of mistakes are turning up in the sbuffie (you may commercially perfec t 
Williams lightens it with ample doses of have noticed these in the paper too). . p ro du c t , pr ovi d e d 
humor, action and relevancy. For an en- At any rate, in the Tuesday, October 16th issue of Triton everyone present with a 
joyable experience, try the Mission Times, the bl-lines for several stories on the Arts Pages touch of the true spirit of 
Playhouse Friday and Saturday evenings at were accidently omitted . Thus, for general matter of Haw:ili. and having done 
8:30 PM. records, let it be known that our weekly record review All that, can be said to have 

LATEST HOT FLASH: "J .J .'s," a new Ears-- was written by Greg Leonard, as his weekly been a delightful and 
contemporary music club, will be opening contribution to keeping you infor med with the new and worthwhile evening. 
this week-end with FREE admission! It is a exciting releases from the Music World; and the review of Congratulations to the He 
concer t-type format with a dinner and night- the Alvin Ailey Dance Company was of course. the Noelani Company for all 
club a tmosphere, featur ing cool blues, hot craftsmanship of our dance editor Terpsichore Clarke. their hard work and 
jazz, rock and folk . Check it out while the Please bear with us through the coming weeks as we planning, and may they 
price is right at 4025 Pacific Highway. This fight ?ur way through a few technical difficul ties, and we and the International 
Friday and Saturday " J .J .'s" will present pronuse to emerge as a periodical you can be proud of. Center host many more 
" Dalton & NeWberry," which should get it Thanks, cultural festivities in the 

,-off to a mellow start. Under 21 is cool at Arts Editor future . 
" J .J .'s". so be there ! 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 

PRESENTS 
the CLEVELAN 0 QUARTET 
~SIDD 11IA 8:30 pm Revelle Cafeteria Monday, October 22 FREE TO EVERYONE LlMIT:500 
is an exquisite D!2ri~r 
ffBoth in music and 
visible beauty 

t"t~ Iticture is a 
('ftli inuing delight!' 
•• .. ~ , 'FIt .""ru •. " .... ,.., 

ftJ IIIltossihly 
ltf ~Ulllifl1l to the 
eye. Visually 
cXfluisite:' 
-MMA,. CHtfw. 0 ....... "'"' S.,.Ic. 

rfAvisuaUy 
exquisite film ••• 
an unusual and 
welcome 
experience." 
- Wltu..., wex" Clie 

f~ 8~cial film for s~ial 
audiences, for devotees 
of Hesse's novels, for 
admirers of the exotic, 
and for everyone 
who wants to be 
adventurous 
in film going." 
-NNE SHALIT. WN.c-TY 

COlUN8IA.-.cfUlllS--e;S(NtS " '1\1rot , .. CONIIII AO ~S · M(""""" M£S$( S 
~'I'~5H"'$MI KAIIJOC:Mi' '1IMl COAR(W" L 
MOOuCEO Df"(cno AltO W'MTTif: N'OIIII tt4! SCRU N IY c~o . 

PMO '~O I V SvtN N'rICYlSr -"",-,f.oOooi ~ 

Exclusive Enillement 

Opens Toniaht 

Call Theatre For Show nmes 

PROGRAM: 

.Haydn: Quartet in D major, Op. 64, No. 5, " The Lark:" Allegro moderatoi adagio 
cantabile/menuetto. Allegretto/fmale. Vivace. 

Otarles Ives: String Quartet No.2 (1913): Discussions/arguments/l'he Call of the 
Mountains. N.B. 1973 - 74 is the I ves Centenary Year. 
INTERMISSION 

Beethoven: Quartet in. F minor, Op. 95. "Serioso:" Allegro con brio/AUegretto rna 
non troppo/Allegro 8SSal vivace rna serioso/Larghetto espressive - Allegretto agitata . 

A~uteto ~arles Ivesin honor of his birthday. A prelude to America's BkenteMial-A 
majOr AmenclI;" Composer - His oWJl centenary year - Performed by one of America's 
most outstanding string quartets. Program also includes works by Haydn and 
Beethoven. 

cpb 
PIP I Tritlon TIme., October 11, 1m 



Wo Volleyball 
Wins Again 

As antiripated, the 
women's voll~yball team is 
zapping opponents d.f the 
court right and left. With 
hardly a blink of an eye, 
these girls are gliding 
through their ga~ on a 
winning streak. 

Merging their talents into 
a single driving force , the 
Tritons thwarted Mesa on 
foreign ground 15-11 and 15 .. f;' 
UCSD played so well there 
was time for the B team to 
defeat Mesa again 15-9. 
These girls started the 
season off right, and cer-
tainly look as if they will end 
their season just as trium-
phantly. 

only get better. All you 
volleyball fans are en-
couraged to watch these 
girls upset Southwestern this 
Friday at 4:00 in the gym. 
This dexterous team is 
shooting to win the cham-
pionship for the third year in 
a row. They quite evidently 
have more than enough 
talent to do it. 

Tickets Presently 
Being Sold For 
Winter Carnival 

All skiers, from snow 
bunnies and sitzmarkers to 
wedelers and schussers, 
have we got a sccop for you! 
Tickets are now on sale for 
the 20th annual All-Cal 
Winter Carnival. 

The cost of the tickets is 
$165 which includes: round- S T 
trip air fare, five nights of occer earn 
lodging, five all-day lift 
tickets, dances, a campus 

As the second game 
revealed , this team is 
terrific even when they don't 
play well. UCSD took 
Palomar in the first and third 
games 15-11 and 15-10, but 
were unexpectantly downed 
the second game 15-9. Ac-
cording to the girls them-
selves, the whole team was 
up tight, lacking their usual 
flow. 

Christmas party, rental and St t L ft 
lesson discounts, intramural a e e 
competition and prizes (for 

• Dust In 
As with the Palomar 

games, ~e Tritons were 
defeated by USIU in one 
game Tuesday, but bounced 
back to vanquish their op-
ponents 15-3 and 15-4. Mter 
their first spill, the girls 
began communicating on the 
court, working as a team 
once again. 

This volleyball team is 
clearly a group of very 
talented gir ls . The con-
tinually outstanding players 
are Tina Flanuner, Terry 
Platt, Sue Papanek, Ellen 
O'Roake, Judy Lower and 
Holly Stewart. Being un-
derstandably proud of his 
team, Coach Millenbah can't 
praise them enough. As for 
the girls, they can' t seem to 
find the right words with 
which to comment on their 
fearless leader. 

Both coach and team are 
confident their winning 
streak and performance can 

all of you who can make it Showing the style 
down the slope in less than and ability of a winning 
three pieces), and mem- team the UCSD Soccer 
bership in the all highest Team' snatched a game from 
FWSA (For you crosstown rival San Diego 
ignoramuses that don 't ski, State 4-3 last Wednesday. 
this is the Far West Ski ' 

A~ociation) . Imag~e, all of The team displayed the 
this for that astoundmgly low fundamental defence needed 
price. to stop the Aztecs on only 

The Carnival will be three goals, as they prepared 
located this year in the for the important All-Cal 
Mecca of skiers, Sun Valley, Tournament this weekend at 
Idaho, December 15-20, in UC Irvine. 
conjunction with UC The Tritions scored their 
Berkeley, Davis, Irvine, Los first goal on a well-executed 
Angeles, Riverside, San head shot by Carlos Robles 
Francisco, Santa Barbera, off of a long out-of-bounds 
Santa Cruz and yours truly, throw from Brad Perry. This 
San Diego. throw traveled all of 50 yards 

To get into this fabulous 
event, come to room 19 of the 
new gym, Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Fridays from i) 
a.m. to 2 p.m., and Tuesdays 
and Thursdays from 9 a.m. 
to noon. 

If you have not yet decided 
on whether to go, make up 
your mind quickly, because 
the tickets are limited and 
will not last too much longer. 

before it was nudged into the 
goal, and as you all know, if 
you have played any soccer 
at all, 50 yards is a long way 
to throw a spherical leather 
object filled with air ( the 
ball) . 

The second goal came on a 
fluke shot by Rick Seed. His 
shot struck an Aztec player 
in the back and deflected into 
the goal, past the sur prized 
State goalie. After that 

things quieted down for the 
rest of the first half, and the 
good guys led 2-0 at the 
break. 

State came back on the 
field breathing fire, as they 
evened the score at 2-2 in the 
first third of the second half, 
but the Tritons fought back 
to regain the lead in the 
middle of the half, 4-2. 

The third goal for UCSD 
was scored by Jairo Marin 
Oil a 30 yard free kick, while 
Alan Cox put the icing on the 
game as he outran the whole 
Aztec defence and converted 
from 20 yards out. 

A late goal by State, oc-
curing on a free kick made 
the score 4-3, but the UCSD. 
players went into a defensive 
game as they held off State 
in a slopp and uncontrolled 
ending. 

Some of the standouts in 
the game were Alan Cox, the 
leading scorer this season, 
and halfbacks Stuart Hayes 
the goal, past the surprised 
State goalie . 

Con 't. on Page If 

FRIDAY I USB 2722/7:'§J & 10:00 

COLOR ~ROtESStNG BV EASTMAN KODAK-
SAl..ES • REPA.IRS. TRADES 

DISCOUNT PRICES 
~"£CIAIJSr5 IN CAN ON PU070bRIIPHIC S. VSr':MS 

OIlfa o~ TN 6- LA ."6'ST saueT/ON 0' bAIlk IlOOIw1 
ELUIPMEWT ~;:'llJou:;;:.'iJ~:"~ItJN. i<lJt>N( 

1 458-'955 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
n'"7FA.VIt.'IIE . IFr.~Perk 'ng ln~RlIo') ll>.JOLL" 

Page 10 Triton Times, Octo r 19. 197 

t 
; 

75~ 

SLAUGHTERHOUSE 
FI.VE 

HENRY V 
and 

LOLA MONTES 
$1.00 

SATURDAY IUSB 2722/7:00 

~ocia.l 'JoldE/tol 

rzlntit[ed III 
I had a simpoly marvy 

afternoon last Sunday at the 
kinky little arena in the 
middle of town. Martha, 
Suzy and a couple of the 
other girls joined me i., a trip 
to watch those manly 
bruisers flexing their 
beautiful muscular arms in 
that rapturing excitement -
football. We were all holding 
our breaths waiting for the 
game since it was the wildest 
outing on the social club's 
calendar since the trip to the 
County Art Museum and that 
marvelous tour guide, Dirk 
Jones. Old Dirk has been 
keeping himself .. oh excuse 
me, I'm wandering. 

The moment we walked in 
the soup bowl Martha 
screamed in excitement. 
There, standing near the 
turnstile was George and 
Bertha Butterfingers. The 
good doctor was out-
3tandingly attired in a green 
plaid shirt and lavish cotton 
blue trousers . Bertha looked 
outstanding, as usual, in a 
matching Hawaiian pant suit 
array hi-liting blue green 
and yellow. 

It ws a thrill seeing other 
personalities that we knewof 
course . The president of the 
PATA, Mrs. Bellchimer and 
her husband were there also 
sitting directly a man 
dressed handsomely in a 
green knit suit with a 
deliciously wild green and 
black striped tie . Stevie's 
homeroom teacher , Mrs . 
Pruitt was also there and 
gave a delightful grin of 
relief when she noticed that 
Stevie wasn ' t along of 
course. 

An endearing young man 
led us to the place where we 
could put our posteriors and 
we settled ourselves looking 
forward to a chilling time. 
The beautiful field next 
caught Sally's eye. Of course 
Sally would notice, what 
being President of the 
Garden Club. Yes, I sure do 
have influential friends . 
Sally was intrigued by the 
delicate lines and fine 
smoothness of the grass . 
Why, would you believe that 
nowhere at all was there a 
brown spot to be found? I 
mentioned to Sal, who was 
sitting next to me, that I'm 
thinking of firing Herbert 
and hiring these ground-
skeepers instead. I don 't 
know, though, Herbert is 
such a sentimental old fellow 
and has been with the 
mansion since my parents 
owned it and besideS, he 
works so well with old 
Stanley. 

Were we flabbergasted 
when the home town men 
magnificently pranced onto 
the field? Their palsely jer-
sies lined with silver and the 
fabulously fluorescent 
numbers matched well with 
the jet black helmets . Beth 
remarked that a jersey 
made of such material might 
be in vogue soon and made a 
note to call her fashion 
designer in the morning. Ah 

By Mark Usb 
worried about clothes. 

The opposing team trotted 
on a little later and our 
forces lighted up with glee at 
the warm home town's 
reception of boos, jeers and 
artistic aeronautical efforts. 
They were slightly better 
dressed in a terribly unique 
scotch plaid jersey with 
helmets to match. The 
fashion touch was complete 
with shoes that exhibited a 
peculiar rainbow print -
clashing magnificently with 
the Scotch plaid jerseys. 

Sylvie and I decided to use 
our connossieur talents and 
examine the eating facilities. 
The hot dogs, of course, were 
outstanding. Mine was 
broiled to a medium con-
sistency and exhibited just 
the right touch of black. The 
bun was the best, main-
taining a little sogginess and 
faUing apart in three places 
at the unique angles so 
prevalent in hot dogs . Of 
course, no hot dog is a 
connossieur's delight unless 
he is told there is no 
mustard, and there wasn't 
any mustard. 

Sylvie's ice cream sand-
wich was a runny mass of 
white and black and con-
tained an interesting array 
of sediment. She was ent-
wined so much in her hot 
dog , she forgot to pick up her 
warm glass of beer. 

We arrived at our seats 
just in time for the opening 
kickoff. Of course this was 
our signal. Sylvie, Sally, 
Martha and the rest of us 

Con't. Pa~e 11 

Yes, Virginia 

UCSD Has A 
Country Team 

Contrary to visual 
evidence, there is a cross 
country team at UCSD. At 
present, however, the team 
is not competing in any 
meets. 

Coach Skief's team is 
presently composed of fresh-
men only as there are no 
returning runners. Either 
because of graduation or 
transfer, the heart of last 
years team is gone. 

Right now the freshmen 
runners are working on 
adjusting to college length 
cross country distances. In 
high school most races are 
two to three miles wheras in 
college races are run either 
at four miles or six miles. 

The team will be working 
out on their own throughout 
the fall, running upwards of 
70 miles a week. In the 
spring they will be running 
the longer distances for the 
track team. 

With this schedule of 
training Coach Skief looks to 
a very successful cross 
country season next fall . 

beautiful Beth. ~Iways ................ . 
~ RESEARCH 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·to~date . 16().pale. 
mal l order calalog Enclose $1.00 
10 cover postage Idelivery lime IS 
I 102 days). 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD., SUITE tt2 

LOS ANGElES, CALIF. 90025 
1213) 4]].8474 or 47J.5493 

Our r,,"rch mlt,rl.1 II lold for 
,u"rc" .ul.tlnct Oft,y. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DO NORS 
for service 

Mon .-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

Letters 
Con't. From ' Page 7 

now, nonplussed by such 
wanton misuse of 
language. Hence, it seems 
that we have another case 
symbolically illustrating 
the "strong historical ties 
between" the U.S. and 
Israel. 

At this point, I would like 
to emphasize that I have 
been forced "to bracket" 
some of my basic com-
mitments. For my 
discussion has perforce 
been conducted in tenns of 
certain concepts involving 
the nation state. These 
concepts, such as the 
concept of " territory," are, 
I believe, historically and 
socia lly dated. I do not 
merely refer to the fact 
that such concepts became 
dominant with the con-
comitant rise of the great 
nation states in concert 
with the success of the 
cap italist mode of 
production, as is illustrated 
by the effloreSCing of In-
ternational Law. For what 
I take to be essential is that 
such concepts will 
hopefully be transcended in 
tandem with the ob-
solescence of the material 
conditions which make 
them viable. Finally, it 
should be apparent that 
there is nothing in this 
letter which specifically 
endorses any particular 
Arab regime or, for that 
matter , any particular 
Ara b political 
orga nization. 

Perhaps I have 
misconstrued my in-
terlocutors' "argument"-
I speak euphemistically for 
the sake of decorum. For 
they do speak of Israel's 
"political sovereignty" and 
this is, of course, a matter 
of paramount importance. 
Furthermore, inasmuch as 
the concept of "political 
sovereignty " is an ex-
ceedingly vexed question in 
politica l theory, I had 
hoped that the glare of 
practical political disputes 
wou ld aid in the eludication 
of dark theoretical mat-
ters. Notwithstanding this, 
I am not informed as to 
what concept of "political 
sovereignty" is applicable 
to the Arab-Israeli dispute. 
Moreover, I am not even 
allowed to raise the 
question. For, alas, I am 
tGld that Israel's "political 
sovereignty" is beyond 
question. I am forced to 

conclude, then, that my 
interlocutors have left the 
realm of rational 
discourse. 

The horror evinced by . 
the Arab attack on Yom 
Kippur is again, I presume, 
symbolic of the "strong 
historical ties between" the 
U.S. and Israel. For I refer 
once again to the Easter 
1972 offensive in Vietnam. I 
am amazed that the 
speechwriters of the 
Dishonorable Spiro T. 
Agnew did not pick up on 
the fact that the atheistic 
Communists dared to at-
tack Americans during 
Easter, one of the holiest 
days of the Christian 
calendar. Moreover, since 
the Arabs are fightin g 
during a month of religious 
significance for the 
Moslem , are we to con-
clude that the Israelis are 
more religious than the 
Arabs? For Israeli 
spokesmen have already 
informed the world that the 
Israelis are morally 
superior to the Arabs in 
that the latter have "no 
respect for human life." 
But this should at least 
faintly remind us that the 
same remark was applied 
to the Chinese in Korea and 
to the Vietnamese in 
Vietnam. At any rate, since 
Marx taught us to look for 
the "earthly" core in the 
"celestial" moralizing, we 
should take cognizance d. 
the fact that Israel has a 
population of only about 
three million and must 
therefore conserve its 
manpower. 

As for the red herring of 
the superiority of Israeli 
intelligence, I am afraid 
that my interlocuto'rs are 
guilty of selecting only the 
evidence which fits their 
claims while overlooking 
evidence which tends to 
disconfirm them. E.g., why 
do they fail to mention the 
Israeli killing of an Arab in 
Norway who turned out to 
be guilty of merely being 
an Arab? Again, why is 
there no mention of the 
forced landing of the Arab 
a irliner in an abortive 
attempt to capture 
Palestinian leaders? If I 
did not know where Hune 
and McCord are currently 
dOmiciled, I would have 
thought they were working 
for Israeli intelligence. But 
to press on to genuine 
.issues, it should be pointed 
out that Israel could not 
have launced a "pre-
emptive" attack on the 1967 

MARLON BRANDO in 

LAST TANGO 
IN PARIS 

1:53-5:50-9:47 

plus 

Everything You Always 
Wanted to Know About 

Sex 
starring W oody A llen 

12:15 - 4:12 - 8:09 

The Broadway Theatre 
815 Broadway 

Downtown 

model. For this would have 
involved at the very least a 
crossing of the Suez Canal 
and an assault on the en-
virons of Cairo. Moreover, 
in addition given that such 
an attack would have been 
launched from territory 
Israel had previously 
seized from other nations, 
it could not afford such an 
attack in terms of man-
power, weaponry, and, 
most importantly, world 
opinion. 

Jack M. Clontz 

Workers 
Defended 

Editor: 

Though appreciating the 
intended humor of your 
" Low Blows and Cheap 
Shots, " from last Friday's 
Triton Times, Mr. Simons, 
I feel a couple of things 
should be mentioned. 
Contrary to the seemingly 
popular notion, " the 
workers" in the Revelle 
Cafeteria are not mindless 
a utomatons routinely 
performing their assigned 
tasks, intent on subduing 
criticism of cafeteria food, 
and determined for victory 
while engaging in food 
fights with " the diners. " 
Ninety per cent of the 150 
Revelle Cafeteria em-
ployees, "the workers, It 
are students, like yourself 
Mr. Simons, attempting to 
render satisfactorily a 
needed service to all in-
volved . 

Sincerely, 
Peter Maxwell 

Revelle Sophomore 
Cafeteria employee 

Pen Pal 
Dear Sirs : 

I would be pleased if you 
would affix my name and 
address to any social notice 
boards you may have at the 
university , for the attention 
of any students who may 
like to correspond with me 
on various topics/subjects. 

My main interests are 
art subjects, e.g. theatre, 

GRAND 
OPENING 

deb~ 
de~ 
debbt 

clothing clothing Clothing 

in La Jolla 
7486 La Jolla Blvd. 

Corner of 
L.J. Blvd. 
and Peart 

Also in Del Mar 
1412 Camino 

Del Mar 

literature, art, classical 
music, opera , ballet, 
travel, hil't.ory, geography, 
etc., plus a general interest 
in politics/ religion/world 
affairs/economics/etc. , 
and I would be pleased to 
receive letters from 
students for 
discussion. 
opinion/correspondence on 
similar subjects. 

I thank you, in an-
ticipation of your 
assistance, and remain, 

Yours faithfully, 

Cliff Hare 
90 York Ave. 
Hayes End. 
Middlesex. 

England, UB3/2TW 

Phil. 22 
Dear Sir : 

I would be much obliged 
if you could print the 
following notice in your 
letters to the Editor. 

Because of illness, I 
failed to make available 
last June the list of books 
for further reading I had 

promised. These lists are 
currently available at the 
office of the Philosophy 
Department, 3112 
Humanities-Library 
Building, Revelle Campus. 

Stanley Moore 

Asst. Dean 
'Con't. from Page 1 
Penn State University, State 

. College, Pennsylvania in 
1968. For the next three year 
she was coordinator of In-
ternational Education for a 
liberal arts college with . 
study programs in Europe 
and Mexico. 

From 1971-1973 Ms. 
Dhooge specialized in cross 
cultural and interpersonal 
communication for credit 
towards and M.A. in Com-
munication at Michigan 
State University in East 
Lansing Michigan. 

'Untitled III 
Cont. from page 10 
gathered up our things . We 
bid adieu to the gentlemen 
a Il around us - the kind sir 
behind us was a doll , 

exhibiting the right touch of 
gray at the temples , 
definitely a vice-president, 
and moved off to the exits. 

Soccer 
.Con't. from Page 10 
and Carlos Robles. 

Comments made after the 
game were quite en-
couraging by the coaches 
and players alike. The 
defense especially is much 
improved over last years. 

A Triton player explained, 
after the game, that Head 
Coach llan Rothmuller and 
his assistant, Mike Polling 
teach the team the fun-
damental pro soccer . 

As already mentioned, the 
team's next meeting will be 
the infamous All-Cal tour-
nament at Irvine, this 
weekend, and they will face 
such powerhouses as UCLA, 
UCSB and UCr. 

Judging from the team'e 
performance in the past few 
games, it looks like the 
season will be quite suc-
cessful, so come out and 
support the team with some 
vocal vibrations from the 
sidelines. 

SANSUI • GARRARD . 
12" WOOFER. 

SANSUI + GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We feature, in limited quantity. 
Sansui's 210 super powerful .A M-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
multi-speaker air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters & :> year guaran -
tee. Garrard's professional series changer with diamond needle & canridge. 
List $320. Now $22 Sl. Lo On. EZ terms, or trade-los. Only $228 COMPLETE 
we~~~~ys 0*6 ~~~N,~J~~Rv~~~~ 0*8 S!~\t-F 

PINKCHABUS 
OF CALIFORNIA 

Miff Ih" • Kosi, our Pink Ollb/is is a ,.,liNti., 
.. -"illS Iht adielilt frllgrll1lu of II s~ptriDr RIIIi 
.. ~ em, ,hllrllc/tr of II fint Chllb/is. This wi", is. 
~ IIIIr JII(II/ itlig/tlfu/ crtlilions. Millit IIn4 hoIlla/ II lit 
c..a" V~.r4s i1l MoatS/o, CII/if. Akolwll~ 'r" 

PIN ~ eM.at I~ I CALIfORNI~ 

TIME 
Magazine 
reports: 
"Gallo' Pink Chabli 
recently triumphed 
over ten co tlier 
competitor in a blind 
tasting among a 
panel ofwine-indu try 
executive 
in Lo Angele " 
Time Mapzlne November 21, 19n pap 81 

More than a Rose. l 

Pag 11 Trition Time , October 19, 1973 

I 



"'" I'!uce (~IIL'(.\ Ardoync". A film 
tlcl)idil1ll l i;utUcd livel! of an irish 
communi! , In northW\!~t beirut. will 
I.., shUWfl On October 19. David 
Thompe;on un irish activist and the 
Ilf'oolK:er I.r the film , wil speak. The 
mm will '~hown at 44>15 EI Cajon 
ISlvd .. San l>iL'IIo. on ~·ri. Oct. 19. at 
K:(.' p.m.(IO/I!l1 
'1'hc U(;SI) International Club in· 
VltCli everyone for a casual coffee 
hour . bctwct'll 4-6 p.m .. every Pri 
lexcept durinll exam .... tocks . public 
and school holiduys I at the tn· 
tt'f'national Center . There .... ill also 
bc a sociaillatbcrinil every ~ri. "t R 
p.m . at the International ('enter 
\';veryom, Welcome." (Ell 

saturday 
University of California . San DIego 
Campus Program Boord presents 
GralRt'og Ceili Band at K: 30 p Ill . 
ftcvdle Cafeteria Sat ()(:t :ID. 1973 
~'\{~~ : C 0 'T DE TS I.SO Gen 
Adm Box Office : Lobby . rey Hall 
(453-2000. Ext 139t) ( 10/ 19 ) 

SAILING TEAM PRACTI E 10 a .m 
10/20 Santa ('Iura PI for mfo call 
Gary . 453·6607 ALL Welcome (10/ t9 1 

NOTI E·Saturday night flick changed 
to lIenry V and LOLA MONTE at 
U'B 7:12:J. ( 10/ 19 1 

sunday 
Oct. 21. 10:00 a .m. " Wisdom Per· 
sonified" is the sermon tOPIC at 
University Luthern hurch . with 
Campus Pastor John Huber preaching 
(!l5\l5 La Jolla Shores Drive, at N. 
Torrey Pines Road I , (10/ 19) 
Show your support for Israel by 
marching in San D,ego's all city 
YO TH SOLIDARITY MARCH 
Sponsorl'd by the JeWish Board of 
\';ducation and Jewish youth of San 

Dieao, it will take place on Sun . Oct. 
21, at 1:00 p.m. at Horton Plaza. 
(Brolidway and Fifth) Wear Israel's 
colors of Blue and Whi Ie to let the 
.... orld know that you support your 
brothers and sisters. AM ISRAEL 
IIA\! 1\0/19) 

monday 
Mon. Oct. 22,7::.1 p.m. · "The Man for 
Others" is tbc topic of the InQUirers 
Group at University Lutheran Student 
Center . 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr" just 
west of the Urey Hall Parking Lot. led 
by John Huber . All welcome. 110/19) 

Organizational Meet of the UCSD 
Photo a oc. Monday nighl. Oct. 22. 7 
p.m. bldg 2A, 2:ID2. For further info. 
call Tom at 755-0576 (10/19) 
CALPIRG will hold an interest meet 
Oct n. 1\10n . to dtscus Prop 1 and 
other CALPIRG project . The meet in 
Ihe Pishbowl. . below the Muir 
cafetl'ria at 7::ll p.m. atll interested 
student s. faculty and starr are invited 
to attend thiS meeltng DO IT' (10/19) 

general 
WE'RE BACK !'! Everyone IS 
wekome to this year 's fir t meeting of 
the UCSD Astronomers . Also . if it's 
clear we'lI view Jupit r , Mars (near 
closest approach ). and VENUS. Wed. 
Oct. 24. 7:00 P m. HL 1160. (10/23) 

The Revelle Guest in ReSidence 
committee is planning a bus Irip to 
Palomar Observatory . Stud nts in· 
ter ted should sign UP in lh 
Resident Dean 's Office by Thur Oct. 
18th There will be a $1 non·refundable 
charge The trip will be Sat. Oct. :lDth 
The bu will leave from in front of 
Urey Hall at 10 a.m. ( tO /:ID) 

IResumes are currently being taken 
positions with the NAVAL UN· 
DERSEA CE TER in San Diego. 
Resume forms are avail from Career 
PlaMing & Placem nl. rm 6033. 6th 

floor . Muir HSS. THESE RESUMES 
MUST BE RETURNED TO CPP NO 
LATER THAN THU~. OCT. 25. 

NUC offers trainina positions in ' 
research and devf'lopment related to 
underseas surveillance. ocean 
science. and technolOlir 

IN THE BEGINNING .... Come hear 
Dr. Henry Morris and Dr. Duane Gish 
present" reationist Viewpoint on the 
Origin oC lire. Tues. Oct. 23. 1973. at 
8:00 p.m. In the Revelle Cafeteria . 
Sponsored by the Revelle Guest -in· 
Residence ommittce. All are 
welcome. Free admission. (10/23) 

PRE·LAW STUDENTS: Represen· 
tatives from the Northwestern School 
of Law. Lewis & Clark College, located 
in Portland. Oregon . will beon campus 
at the Revelle Formal Lounge from 2-4 
p.m. on this coming Wed. Oct. 24 . If 
you are interested in finding out about 
their programs. just drop in . no ap-
pointment IS necessary . More info. 
avail at the CPP Library. rm 6033, 6th 
noor. Muir II ( tO/23) 

Pcople from B RROUGIIS CORP. 
Western Region . City of Industry. will 
be on campus Tues. Oct. 23 to in, 
terview tudents in Computer Science. 
BAs and MAs. for positions as 
Engineers and Programmers . 
Students in other technical disciplines 
may interview for the job of Marketing 
Management Trainee. Further inro 
and appointment schedules at the CPP 
Library. rm 6033. 6th floor . 1uir H 
( 10/23) 

Mr. Lester Levie. of KANSAS CITY 
LIFE INSURA CE O. i interested 
in talking with students of all majors 
. concerni ng insurance sa les with 
potential for advancement into 
managem nt positions. Appointments 
for interview can be made at the CPP 
Library. rm 0033. 6th rloor. MlJir H 
1l0/ Zl ) 
The Department of Literature 

present~ Claude Rawson. Professor of 
English atthe Univer ity of Warwick. 

England , and presently visitina 
ProfeSllOr at the University of Penn· 
sylvania. who will give a lecture on 
Fieldina, Class-consciousness and 
" Point of View" on Monday , Oct. 29 . 
1973 at 3:00 p.m. in Room 4050 A USB 
Blda. Revelle Colleae. Everyone is 
cordially invited to attend. (10/2S1 

URBAN AND RURAL STUDIES 
Colloquium, Conference Room IliA, 
McMs . Sharon Flood, Coordinator· 
Field Studies Program and Instructor 
in the Ocpartment of Behaviorial 
Sciences, College of Marin. SUB· 
JECT : . Experiential Learning : 
tudent Field Studies. Ms. Flood is a 

sociologi t with special interest in 
experiential learning. She coordinates 
one of the largest field studies/intern 
programs in alifornia . Bring your 
bag lunch. coffee will be available. 
110/23) 

kicrs ! !Planning for fall break 's ski 
trep to un Valley. Idaho has begun. 
Cost is approx $165 and ticket sales 
began Oct. 15th at the new gym office. 
For additional info come to th ski 
meet Wed . at 7:00 p.m. in USB 2622. 
'ki nicks will be shown and memo 
bership dues will be payable . Sessions 
are to be given on Mon and Wed at 4 
p.m. and on Tues and Thurs at 5 p.m. 
just come to th soccer field in front of 
th natatorium . All are welcome 
( 10/ 19 ) 

THE GRADUATE WOMEN COUN IL 
will begin meeting again . This is an 
important time to define future goals 
for the council and to finish the survey 
on allrition rates in graduate students . 
The first meeting is Tues. Oct. 23 at 9 
a.m. in Conference Room B. 106. All 
interested women graduate students 
are invited to attend . (10/23) 

Thurs Oct. 25. Films by Roberto 
Rossellini continuously screened from 
.0 a.m . to 10 p.m. in the U 0 Art 
Gall ry . t200 IILB, Revelle . Films to 
be shown include Man 's Struggle for 
urvivai. Paisan, Voyage to Italy. The 

Miracle, and Blaise Pucal. ToIaI 
AdmiSllion to all films is 'I for UCSD 
Students and S2 for non·students. 

Panel discussion on Roberto 
Rossellini's films . Revelle Cafeteria, 
8:30 p.m. Panel will include MaMY 
Farber , Duncan Shepherd (Reader 
critic), Paul Schrader (Cinema 
Magazine edltor). Paul Champli n (Los 
Angeles Times Critic), director 
Martin Scorses (or Mean Streets) and 
Martha Rosier (graduate student and 
artist) . Panel dis is free and open to 
the public . Both events sponsor d by 
the Campus Program Board and 
Visual Arts (10/23) 

Interested in growing your own food? 
Then yOU should meet with other 
people planning a garden · greenhouse 
complex . Meet Tues 10/23 at 7:30 p .m. 
or call 453-7387 for more info. (10/23) 

Political Science Seminar 
Dr. Joel Grossman Prof of Political 
Science niv of Wisconsin "Law and 
Politics : An Approach to L.itigation" 
Tuesday. Oct. 23 at 2:00 p.m. Chan· 
cellors Complex . Rm . lilA 
Th UCSD tudent Lobby will begin 
m ting again . This year their first 
mceting is Wedne day . Oct. 17, at 3:30 
in the Muir Fishbowl. If you want to 
find out about being a legislative in· 
tern . or about the tax initiative or just 
in general. COME. ( 10116) 
If you have your degree or will get it 
within a year . are a CSD stud nt or 
alumnus. and are LOOKING F R A 
JOB. check the On·Campus Int rview 
Ca lendar located at departments and 
offices everywhere on campus. Also 
chec k in the PP Library Career 
Planning & Placement. Muir H . 6th 
rloor (II/~) 

"The Four Loves. " the first Chinese 
movie of the year . will be shown by the 
Chi nese Student Association on Sat., 
Oct. 21> . at 7::ll pm ., in 2250. 20 Muir. 
Admission is SOt for members. 7St for 
non·members. The movie is in Man· 
darin . with English subtitles. (lO/ t9 ) 

'I1It! UCSD Auto Parts Co-op il open in 
the bottom Ooor of Blake Hall . nex. to 
the Revelle Plaza . Students, faculty 
and starf are encouraaed to take ad· 
vanlaae of the ubstantial discounts 
that the co-op can offer (10/19) 

A representative from the INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE will be on 
campus Fri , Od . 19, to interview 
students of all majors for positions as 
Revenue Agents , IRS Officers , Tax 
Auditors, and Special Agents . Come by 
the CPP Library , Rm . 6033, 6th noor. 
Muir HSS, to schedule your ap· 
pointment (to/19) 

Appl ications are now being accepted 
at the Muir Provost office for the 
winter Quarter Muir·Darmouth ex· 
change program . Any int rested 
applicants should ~'Ontact Maxi ne 
II nry at the Muir provost office. Ext 
1901. The deadline for submitting 
applications IS Friday Oct. 26. t973 
(10/26) 
BLA K G PEL 110m· meet 7:00 
Il m. Tues" Winzer Commons Lounge 
B ' B 1st n. M.C. For info. Call Michellr 
45~-6635( ET) 
The Triton Wargamtng Society meets 
thi and every Thurs . night in 1\02 
Tioga Hall . Muir - We meet from 6:30 . 

cwcomers w Icome (ET) 

travel 
EUROPEAN CHARTERS . everal 
schedules avai lable. Teachers Scr· 
vices 4626 Vista Long Beach 90003 433· 
tl34 (1112) 

FLIGHTS YEAR ROU 0 
Europe. Orienl. Is rael. Africa . Also 
on ·ways. Spec. XMAS O. to LON· 
DO . MUNICH , TO KYO. ince 1959 
ISTC, INC.. 32:) N. Beverly Dr 
Beverly Hill , Ca . 90210. ph (213) 27:;-
811ll ( 11 /:.1) 

Why ot Ski Cor Less? Utah, Califorllla 
olorado Call : (7 14 ) 452·8475 (J0/16) 

dvertisements for ourselves------------------~ 
. 

services 
HA G GLIDI G LESSON : 
Temp. Tele. ~ till phone compo 
comet thru w perma ~ 755-9533 
I\like ( 10/ 19 1 

Can you digBa a a' A mag for 
young SO At your iocal 
hookstore or P .O. Box 81698. 
S.D at SI.OO. cheap. (10/23 1 

Iliolo&y Majors : Juniors III tliochem . 
Mol. Bio. Micro Bio. etc. Don't need a 
tutor hut would like to cia rify. ex· 
pand o rap these subjects? Russeli : 
:1:126 B II or X t724 Afternoon (10/231 

wanted 
I\H:N . WOME JOBS ON 
SIIIPS' o experience required . 

~:'(cellent pay . WorldWide 
travel Pl'rfed summer job or 
,('areer Send $~ 00 for In · 
formation SEi\Fi\X . Dept 1-9 
I' () \'lox 2049 Port Angeles 
Wal'hlngton 9lI:J62 110/ 191 

NEEDED : Now accepting ap · 
plications for a part-time domestic 
('nglneer . Qualifications' must be IS-
21. Vivid ly volupltous . xtremly 
remale . errici nl. single. mature . and 
Qualified ... ali f male applicants Wlli 
II(' considered . we are an eQUal OP-
portunity employer MUIr Apts 
1.1 (W/191 
Wanted ' Scuba equip : pressure 
~augt' . bucyancy compensator. hood . 
bootit'S. S\('Vr 452-1161\.5 ( 10/19 ) 

WANTED . OLD LEVIS. LEES or 
J)~:NIM PANTS. I don't care if their 

IIOI.~: DUMP Til EM AT Triton 
1'lIlIl'S. Camille ( wl2:11 

I IK','<I U I!aragc span for '31 Ford 
\I It hili 7 mill'S of UCSD for SI5 mo. or 

I,'S~ ('all 45:1·71140 11Il12:1I 

IlId .. , lIr (." POIlI til C;Jrlsbad /( 'can· 
Silk ' (' .. II,' 2·SltJ:l ( 10 / 23) 

Wanh ... l : 1I: (d III SPl't'(.\ bike Will pay 
Ull 10 S I(N) (':1 11 4!H ·5:.~J I IIJ/ t :1J 

I \1,,"1 10 I,'; rn to pia)' b:II1)o. but have 
I~I 'AIIYIlIW 1I1 1 ('n'~ tt'd III ~ho\l 11111 ml' 
ha,,(' ski lls )It'tl'(' "all Sasha, 4~·.w:~ 
\1111 V;I) " .. . ail ,1I1I!lUllt If 11I,'l'l'~bary 
II II!" 

URG\,;NTLY ", .. EDED to buy rent or 
borrow( ~ ): I cheap usable VIOLIN. 
Call Moe at 755·7506. ( 10 /23) 

WA TED 
Di xieland Jazz and Ragtime Band A 
liUI bit of the old solid four revisited 
for the sake of Rourbin Street ew 
Orleans ... Interested musicians and 
VOCALISTS : call 452·1455 (or leave 
word in box 6529) (10/19) 

WANTED : One used bicycle . 
Preferably in good hape and cheap. 
(approx . $5-15) Steve 453·1910 (10/19) 

Anyone interested in playing lacrosse. 
contact Jack or Jim at 4~09. 
( lO/t91 

WANTED : Cole , Perturbation 
Method in Applied Mathmatics. also 
Bachelor Fluid Mechanics 279-6617 
( 10/19) 

Part Time Men·Wemen eeded to sell 
ads '~r world ·wide Metaphysical 
n wspaper . " Equinox" Lots of fun and 
lots of money apply : It 18 Torrey Pines 
Rd. La Jolia 454·5172 (10/16 ) 

MARIJ ANA RESEAR · 
ClI- HEALTHY MALES 21 ·35 to live 
III for 94 consecutive days U LA 213· 
-825-0094 (10/ 231 

personal 
Keith Kaplan : We need anot her 
lesson ( 10119 ) 

BBB- Barned By a Bouquet and Bag 
of Baby Bananas ~ ThiS Boy Brings Big 
Bananas too. Your Banana Beau 
110119 ) 

Larry Krone : You are a rare in· 
dividual I want to thank yOU for 
turning in my purse. (10/19) 

FEDEHATION. Not Organians. we 
are yet ready to assist in th cosmic 
crisis MISSION ONTROL (10/ 19 1 

housing 
4 girls or two couples (or comb 
or above 1. 2 bedrooms. 2 bath. 
kitch . living . dining room . sun 
deck and more . ca li 483-5007 
afternoons (10/19 ) 

Need 2 to share funkedout 4 
Bdm . house 230 lith Del Mar own 
rms $75 Wade x 1995, Bill 453· 
4too x 386 ( lO/t9 ) 
Cozy 1 bdrm fur apt for rent in 
So. Bch. SISS/mo 100 yrd from 
highway tOI. . .Lenny 755· 
5234 ( 10/ 191 

Need an apartment? Cozy open 
beam IBR in P .B. Nice neigh· 
bors . Let us help you out . Call 
anytime 272·2157 Lisa or Keith 
(10/19) 

Want White Christmas~ Exch 2 
BR home Salt Lake for same nr . 
beaches . ' hri s tamas break 
P.E. Sullivan . English Dept. U 
of Uta h. LC 84112. ( tO/23) 

Male Roomate need d 2 bdrm. Apt . on 
bay in So. MB. $71. Mo. 488·7200 2844 
BaYSide Wk. (10123 ) 
Cozy I bdrm fur apt. for r nt in Sol. 
Bch Stss mo. 100 yd from highway 
101 . Lenny 755·52.14 (10/19) 

eed an apartment? Cozy open·beam 
IBR in P .B. Nice neighbors. Let us 
help you out . Call anytime 272·2157 
Lisa Or Keith (10/19) 

Want White Christmas? Exeh. 2 BR 
home Salt Lake for same nr beaches. 
Chnstams break . P .E. Sullivan. 
English Dept U of Utah. SLC 84112. 
( 10/23) 

4 girls or two couples (or comb of 
above l. 2 bedrooms, 2 bath kitch, 
living room. dining room. sun deck 
and more . Call 488·5007 afternoons 
( IO/(9 ) 

Need 2 to share lunk dout 4 bdrm 
MD . You Baboon ! Heard you filled house Ul 11th Del Mar own rms $75 
your Fat Face With Funky Pruits. B's Wadc x 1995. Bill 453·4100 K 386 (10/19 ) 
BB (10/19) 

lIuppy Birthday Becky! I hope yOU 
have a good trip Love John (10/19) 

I\1IK~; . I'll mls~ you Take 'arc All 
Illy 10Yl' . THi\C'Y 110/191 

for sale 
SK IS · ~'isch Impcrators . :lD5cm . 
$)25. Volkl Sapporos 207 em . 
SI2l) 7558684 (10/191 

ANSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 
t,ARRARD SL 9,5 (3 TU TABLE with Shute M91 E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 

ov r base. Super powerfUl SANSUI R 500 , 4 channel quadraphoni AMI 
FM/MPX receIver . 4 Apollo 600 threeway air suspension speakers with 12" 
woof rs . fin midrange & :3 " tweeter, in deluxe wa Inut enclosur s. Speakers 
2!j" high ~ 40 pounas ea ll. ' 1100 list pri 'e , Save $600. , omplete or smal\ 
payments . NOW ~ 

@*e3*O*B SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*8 *O 
WEEKDAYS, 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .. 287-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-Y' 

Giant Yard Sale! Ev rything 
imagi nable . . .from kayaks to 
waterhealers . This weekend at the 
Red Rest across from La Jolla Cove. 
(10/23) 

CALCULATORS! ·S39.95. Pocketsize. 
Add . s ubtract. multiply. divide . Paul. 
755-6151 evenings. ( 10/23) 

REF RIG FOR SALE s:.J (8 cu n. 5 n 
high I 459-2570 (10/23) 

FOR SALE: '63 Ch vy tmpala . asking 
S250. Cali PaUi 755·1868 (10123) 

Motorcycle for sale : 1960 BMW R·26 
250 cc collector's item runs well , 
unique $2SO 400·8482 ( 10/23) 

Eico SO·watt reciever , S25 or 
offer Panasonic cassette deck & 
tapes. $75 call John 454~570 
after 9 p.m. (10/19 ) 

ADID. S FOR SALE Size 8,112 New S21> 
yours for SIO Mint Cond. 222·1872 
(10/23) 

CO GAR '68 XR7, Immac Inter ior. S 
Wheels . Sharp looking 296·1548 (10/23 ) 

1965 Ford Falcon, Auto. Trans.Whitc. 
H& H, Airn new tires . Good Cond . $ISO 
Luis 453-7Ul 7·10. (10/23) 

FLAT t28 SL Coupc . 8500 miles AM· 
FM 4 speed. under warranty. $2300. 
Call 583-4257. (10/23) 

AR turntable shurt m91 E. New 
PANASONIC R\,;7080 am/fm/cass . 
$200 or best offer. 453·7014 (10/23) 

Mondia I().speed w/unlv . b, PWls $300 
452·1206 or Beagle 403. Ask for John 
( to/23 ) 

BASS \j ITAR Armstrong (cI ar · 
body ) Case and Strap. n w $400. mak 
orfer. 459-8822 (10/23) 

FOR SALE : '68 ~'ord Galaxy Exlent 
mech cond o 0 pendable tran · 
sPOrtation . John 755·7336 eve. ( to/23) 

BUY my albums : Hawkwind , Mark-
Almond, Who's N xt $2.25. Call 583· 
2725 . 5-6 ( tO/23) 

WetsuiL~ : Long john , almost new. 
$10 . SI v s $5. Both size sm,,11. 454-
7344 after 6 ( 10/23 ) 

1971 IIONDA. 175 cc good l'Olldilion 
$.125 755-:.>93 (10/23) 

IIENKE BUCKLE SK I BOOTS. Size 
9. Orig. SIlO, Now $40. Excell . Cond. 
Tom 453-245t (10/23) 

EED A COMPANION'? Seymour 
n eds a home w/yard. Playful 8 mo. 
old puppy. Male . Colliel German 

hep/Lab. Ca li Beverly X2421 or 488· 
7261. (10123) 
FREE MALE BLACK SIAMESE 
KITTEN. 3 mo. old. 453·2451 (10/23) 
1970 HusQvarna Dirt Bike 5575. 753-
4034 (10/23) 
'64 Dodge Dart excel condition 
S465/orrer. Paul 292-9827 (10/23) 
'67 VW Squareback . Runs Great. 
55SO/offer Kevin . Tioga E·44. 453· 
6727 (IO/ZI) 
Alu·fischer skis 210 cm . Gertsch 
bindings $65. Call 454-5309 (10/23) 
Fischer President Skis (l95cm) With 
Gertsch Bindings in nne condo 
Rickie Plasticized Boots (100) and 
polls. Together or separate. SISO. 
Ted 755·35 tO (10/19) 
POWER AMP .. SAE MKIIIA, 300 W 
New with warranty . 5450 755-6536 
evenings (10/23) 
Must sell 1964 Chrysl r . Good solid 
transportation . $300 or . 8537 F in La 
Jolla Village Apts . ( 10/23) 
HONDA SO basket case plenty good 
parts $15 27!1·66t7 ( 10/23) 
FOR SALE : PANASONIC POR-
TABLE STEREO, AC/battery . 
Have music in th wilderness. 583-
6253. (10/23) 
10 mo. OIl.! t;ARKARD 958 and tWI.! 
AOC303AX speakers . Each item like 
new. $121>. Cali 453-8661. (10/26) 

Prejus racing bicycle: just over 
hauled : a ll Campy, T T T : S225. Call 
John at 452~368 (10/23) 

~UR~' H\{US : 6'3", 22" wide , excel. 
cond o $40 or best offer. EI Paipo 
Knee k.i w/handls . $30 Jon 270-0566 ( 10/23) 
SURFB ,,\lOS 6'5" x 21>", 6'9" x 19" 
Very fas t '25, Sl5/oCfer call Bill at 
755-7905 ( 10/23) 
'65 FORD WAGON . Perfect cond o low 
mileag . New trans . $490 or offer . 453-
9272. (10/19) 

Pcllgun pistol. Crossman 000 s mi· 
auto. to hot. new $30 sell $t5 or best. 
455-5498 ( 10/ t6 ) 

Rico 5O-waU reciever , S25 or offer 
Panasonic cassette deck & la~s, $75 
Ca li John 454-6570 after 9 p.m .(t0/19) 

'66 Dodge Coronet : power str, brks: 
auto trns : air : radio tires. $200 or 
offer . Cali 488·9779 eves. (l0/t9) 

FOR SALE: ping pong table phone 274· 
7837 ( 10/ 19 ) 

TWO 45 walt . 12" , 2·way speakers '" 
stai ned & finshed enclosures. Argo 628 
453-096t (10/19) 

Two speakers ' 12" woofers. 6" 
midrange , horn tweeters in handsome 
cabinets . $99.00 453-0961 (10/ 19) 

OCEANS BOOKS : For sale : all the 
books for Indis . I new. Roland 452-8935 
( 10/19) 

For Sale Blue '68 Chevelie SS 396, 375 
h.p .. black interior , 4-speed: Call Tim 
453-()996(J01 19) 

Bass Guitar Armstrong Ampeg Clear 
body case Excel $400. new as king S250. 
459·8822 (10/19) 

lost & found 
LOST: One wO'llens wristwatch 
black strap. Please call Ann 
Moser 453-1196 (10/19) 

FOUND: Mariann Marcussen , 
your notebook is In the Triton 
Times orn in the Lost and 
Found Desk. (10/ 19 ) 

LOST : Mal Black & White 
noisy spotted cat named Stony 
(while nea collar) . all 453-4463 
(10/ 19 ) 

LOST BOOK : Fundamentals of 
Statistical & Thermal Physics by Reif. 
ph 7:14-6793 Thanks ( 10123) 

LOST : lIigh School class ring . Grecn 
ston . VNA on inner band. Contact 
Vlnc . box 5190 ( 10/2.1) 

REWARD LOST 10/2 Ger . Shep. M. I· 
t/2 yrs, Vic. U 0 Ph . 45J.@37 (10/23) 

FOUND : Girl's ring in Revelle 
parking lot. Contact University police. 
(10/23) 

SAIIIUI • GAR.aRD • 
12" WOOFERI 

SANSUI + GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We feature. in limited quantity Sans~i's 210 sup~ powerful AM-FM-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high 'walnut 
mula-speaker au suspension enclosures with 12" wooters & b year guaran-
tee , Garrard's professional seriea changer wlth diamond needle & canrldge. 
List $320. Now $221'\ . Lo On. EZ terms. or trade-ins. Only '228 COMPLETE 

we~~~~ys .*.~~NI~~~Jl~ 0*_ Sat. & Sun. 10-6 , 


