
Volume 20, Number 6 

Produce in .D. Co-op. 
tory on page 2. 

Reaction to 
the War 

By Chris Raub r 

Once again, for the fourth time in twenty-five years, 
war has broken out in the Middle East. According to 
United Nations' cease-fire observers, Egyptian and 
Syrian troops simultaneously invaded Israel early 
Saturday morning, on the Jewish holiday of Yom Kippur. 

Israel responded by mobilizing the 300,000 reservists in 
her citizen army, and fierce fighting began on two fronts, 
on the east bank of the Suez Cannal and in the Golan 
Heights region on the Israeli-Syrian border. 

International reaction to the outbreak of hostilities 
included condemnation of alleged Israeli "aggression" by 
China and the Soviet Union, attempts by the United States 
to bring about a negotiated peace, and support, in the 
form of men and material, for the Arab war effort from 
Iraq, Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Uganda, and the Sudan. 
Furthermore, the Soviets have been pouring shipments of 
military equipment and ammunition into Syria, in an 
attempt to replace matt!rial either captured or destroyed 
in the first few days of fighting, and Israel's neighboring 
state of Jordan seems to be preparing for mobilization. 

Aside from official attempts by the U.S. government to 
get the dispute resolved in the United Nations, the U.S. 
response has largely been one of moral support and 
concern for Israel, especially among American Jews. In 
fact, Jewish organizations in the United States, including 
the United Jewish Appeal's Israeli Emergency Fund, 
have set a goal of $100 million to be raised in this country 
for humanitarian and non-military use in Israel. 

Additionally, Sen. Edward Kennedy has advocated that 
the United States replace Israeli material losses, with 
shipments of ammunition, jet fighters, and other military 
equipment, to insure that the Soviet-supplied Arabs do not 
overwhelm the Jewish state. 

As a precautionary measure, the U.S. 6th Fleet has been 
positioned in the eastern Mediterranean, within 500 miles 
of the war-torn Middle East. 

Locally, a Jewish community meeting was held on 
October 9 at Temple Beth Israel to show solidarity with 
Israel and to raise money for non-military purposes. 
ApprOximately 1200 people attended, listened to the 
Israeli Consulate General report that the war would be a 
long, hard fight, but that it would hopefully end, once and 
for all, Arab capacity to wage aggressive war against 
Israel, and contributed some $100,000. 

At U.C.S.D. students have spontaneously organized to 
raise money and to recruit volunteers willing to go to 
Israel and fill civilian roles, if necessary. Further 
evidence of strong student support for Israel at U.C,S.D. is 
that a number of Israeli flags have appeared in dorm 
windows, symbolic reminders of Ule strong historical ti 
b tween the two countries. 

University of Californi a, San Diego Friday, October 12, 1973 

The Future-Fourth College 
John Taylor 

With the final academic plans for 
Fourth College scheduled for con-
sideration by the UCSD Academic 
Senate (AS) in November, we can now 
sit back and examine the arduous 
process of building a brand new school. 
In a year 's worth of discussion, 
proposals for Fourth College have been 
poked and jabbed from every direction, 
and parts of the college's plan have 
fluctuated from one extreme to the 
other. But the final result seems to be 
one that is generally pleasing to its 
creators. 

It is, of course, doubtful that a nyone 
. could be completely satisfi ed ; the 

college was built, according to Revelle 
under-graduate Charlotte van Andel, a 
m mber of the initial planning com-
mittee and of the present Executive 
Committee, " from scratch. " Every 
member, at the beginning of discussion, 
had-indeed, was asked to fo rmulate--
his own plan for what the school should 
be, and alot of mising was 
necessary. You can 't always get what 
you want. 

But if the atmosphere in the F .ool'th 
College Provost's office is any in-
dication , there is great hope and en-
thusia m for the new college ar.lOng 
both committee and staff m mbers . 
Everyone is basi ally confident of 
approva l by th AS, and no one s ems 
too worned over the much-maligned 
topics of housing and 'where will thcy 
all eat?' and such. These problems are 
certainly not minimized, but no one 
finds them overwhelming. 

Birth of a 
College 

Third's new buildings get built. If the 
project had not been approved, Fourth 
College would have been kicked into the 
closet for a while. 

But Third 's buildings were approved, 
in July, and the Executive Committee 
was able to plan with a little more 
confidence. (However D' Andrade, who 
is now committee Vice-Chairman, said 
that the state legislature always has its 
eyes on college-creating and other such 
fund-consuming projects. Sacramento 
could chop Fourth College quite easily.) 
The last hurdle before the November 
AS meeting was the approval of the 
Regents, which was given last month. 

How Come? 

The reasons for the existence of a 
Fourth College a r e seve r al. Vice 
Chancellor for Academic Affai rs Paul 
Saitman, a member of both the plan-
ning and Executive Committees, sticks 
mostly to the overcrowding angle, but 
on a level that has more to do wi th 
philosophy than with space. He sees a 
steady growth at UCSD, and notes that 
most of the burden of the growth is 
falling on Muir and R velie Colleges. 
Sa ltman fears , as ide from the 
placement of p ople part of it, that th 
ducational purposes of thos two 

schools could be dra tically hamp red 
b) overcrowding, and that Fourth, with 
a liberal arts set-up similar to Mui r and 
Revelle, will accommodate much of the 
growth. He feels that there is "no 
press" to Third College. (Ledden ex-
plained later that the nature of Third 
does not encourage, or demand, rapid 
growth.) 

On the other hand, Ledden em-
phasized the valu~ of the new school's 

Fourth College was essentially born three-part academic make-up. He said 
last spring, when the AS approved a tha t th e principal cons idera tion 
Provisional Academic Plan that had became, in the course of the work of the 
been designed by the Fourth planning planning committee, a matter of in-
committee. That committee began suring s tudents a n optio n after 
work in the fall of 1972, with An- graduation, a matter the committee 
thropology Professor R.G. D'Andrade feels is not adequa tely accounted for at 
as its chairman. After the AS approval , UCSD. In terms of curriculum , this goal 
the planning committee became the will be accomplished by requiring of a 
Fourth College Executive Committee, tudent 1) considerable depth in his 
led by then Acting Provost Carl Gibson. academic major, and 2) two minors, 
(Assistant Professor of Mathematics one of them in an area other than the 
Pat Ledden became Acting Provost in a rea of his major. The planners hope 
July , when Gibson began a leave of this design will alIow a student a cer-
absense.) The committee underwent a tain degree of choice that could prove 
rather drastic change in personnel at both desireable and necessary to him 
that time. when he has to find a job somewhere. 

Ledden said that there had been some L dden added that the college 's em-
uncertainty surrounding the Fourth phasis will be pre-professionalism, 
College planning in the spring, before another aspect of education he feels is 
the approval of a building project for missing in most areas at UCSD. 
Third College by the AS. Since Fourth The second part of the plan is a 
will eventually need some of Third's ' program that is unique to UCSD. 
present buildings, it was important that Students , to complement their 

academ ic study, will have the op-
portunity to pursue internships in " the 
real world. " Such programs, Ledden 
assured us, will be accompanied by 
adaquate academic guidance, to point 
s tudents in the right direction for what 
they want to accomplish. 

The third area, the touchy topic of 
requirements, seems to have stirred 
the la rgest amount of conOict in the 
planning stages. Van Andel said the one 
committee member ha d initiall y 
suggested a formitable math and 
science requirement ; another member 
suggested at one point that there be no 
requirements at all. The committee, 
needless to say, managed a com-
promise. 

The first requirement is a two-
quarter sequence in writing, which was 
origina lly proposed as a one-<Iuarter, 
non-credit course by Van Andel. Ap-
parently, the professors admitted that 
they wouldn ' t mind if their students 
were able to wr ite a little better , 0 th 
proposal was expanded to the present 
two quarters . 

D'Andrade said that the ubject A 
requi rement, demandi ng a score of 550 
or better on Achievement tests taken 
before adm ission to college, was 
considere in ufficlent by the com-
Imttee. He said that he him If holds a 
qualifi d ver ion of I.edd n. tatement 
that "!l O student writes well enough ," 
f Ledden said that he didn't believe that 
absolutely- it just sounded better that 
way .) D'Andrade aid that California 
secondary school have slipped 10 th 
national ave rage for writing test 
scores, and that the college should be 
more concerned with making up the 
difference. 

The only other requirement, apart 
from the ma jor/two minors, is a two-
quar ter sequence in some formal skill , 
such as logic , computer science, or 
ma thematics. Ledden 's reasoning for 
this requirement : " If a student has 
trained, say, for law school, but doesn't 
get into law school , he might be able to 
get a job with the skill he picked up 
during tho 'e two quarters." Such an 
eventuality is al 0 allowed for by the 
noncontiguous minor . 

D pth and cop 

The real essen e of Fourth Colleg , is 
in the combination of the three parts 
(few requirements, the intern program , 
and the major-two minor sy tem ). 
According to Ledden, the depth and 
scope of study that the plan allows is not 
possible a t Revelle, because of the r igid 
requirements for the firs t two years, 

Con't page 15 

Student Lobby Activity Starts 
Lee Burke 

The UCSD Student Lobby, 
like the proverbial bird in 
spring, is spreading its wings 
and finally beginning to fly. 

The San Diego Annex, 
after lying dormant for th 
summer months launch d 
thi year with a Vot r 
Regis tration Drive that 
regi red ov r 1500 p pi 
in th fir t two weeks of 

hool. 
Th ir 

onvinc 
vot rs 
rovernor 's tax proposal , 

when it om up in 
Novemb r . (Wat h th 
Triton Tim for future 
articles on the Tax Initiative-

Proposi tion One .) This 
should not be a terribly 
taxing job for th lobby as 
Gov e rn o r R eaga n s 
Proposition One seems to 
sp ak for it elf 

However , om of th 
lobby pla ns will r equire 
work and mu h hlp. n of 
the Lobby' main goal is to 
serve as a n in-
formation/ ommunication 
sourc betw n tud n and 
stud n , tud nts and ad-
ministration, and s tud nts 
and I gi Iators. 

Th mo t 
m dium for 
muni ation i th 
Ann . In fa t, it i th 
function f th An x to r 

establish relation with the 
tudents and the lobby, and 

f r the tud nts, it provid a 
chance to shak hands with a 
Governor. (On of them ha 
to make it ) 

l, th next month 



Some Ideas on a Food Cn-op 
By Holl Hitzemann 

As of October 2, San Dieg o State campus has added to its 
other student services, a general store . The store, not only 
represents one of the first successful student coops on the 
campus, but also the work of many conscientious students 
who recognized the need for a real food store on campus , 
and did something to satisfy that need. 

The store which sells mainly vegetables, grains, 
cheeses, juices, and milk, has been designed to be utilized 
by both students and the public. Besides the fact the 
produce in the s tore is being sold at wholesale prices , 
patrons can ge t a further discount on the food by 
becoming mem bers of the Association of Students, and 
then purchasing a coop m embership card for $3.00 a 
month which entitles them to buy food five to thirty cents 
below retail prices. 

Exempli tory of the benefits of becoming a coop member 
is the difference in prices for members and non-members 
when purchasing juices. A quart of natw-al carrot juice 
sells to non-members fo r $1.17, wherea s to members, the 
price is only 9O¢. 

Similar savings for me mbers can be seen for nearly 
every product in the store, and are obviously the reason 
why the coop has been doing such phenomenal business 
since it opened . 

Als o attributed to the store's success is the fact that as 
mentioned before, the demand for a grocery store at San 
Diego State was great. The genera l opinion amongst the 
students I talke d to was that they liked the store not only 
for the fa ct that it sold p roduce and dairy pr oducts for 
red uced prices. but also be ause til ... coop was s trictly a 
food s tore. Thus State students can noll' enjoy stocking 

Poli Sci News 
A search committee, consisting of the heads of the 

Social Science departme nts, has bee n formed and is ac-
tively recruit ing a chairman and permanent facuity for 
the soon to be formed political Science Department. 

Although there is no department, as such, at the 
present, several new poly-sci classes have been added this 
year . Ms. Nichols continued, "We have four professors 
who will be touching on the four areas in political science 
of the greatest interest and importance today ." 

These f,l .... cla sses are Political Science 101, 103., 104 and 
110. Com"at-itive Politics , P .S. 101, taught by Tom Greene, 
a visitin! professor from USC is a return offering. The 
others, hl'feve r , will be offered for the first time this 
winter. 

P.S. 101 is entitled " C hina in World Politics". The 
course wil1 examine Sin~Arnerlcall rc:wtion ~ndChinese 
Foreign p.oUcy , in detail. Kay Johnson will teach the class_ 

··Globa Ecology" , P.S . 1M, taught by Dennis Pirages , 
will be all analysis of ecology as it influences relations 
among n tlons . The current energy crisis will also be 
l' valuatec. 

John Stanley. a professor at U.C. Riverside will teach 
P .S. 110. entitle d "Congress and the Presidency." This 
l'ourse will examine lhe c urrent power struggle between 
the executive a nd IC!(is lative branc hes of governm nt. 

A total of twe lve poly-sci cours s wi11 be taught In the 
wink-r (lnd sprin~ quarters. including one lowe r di vision 
dass. P.S. 11 . " Inlrodu(' tion to Political Sci n e." 

ra~,' :! Triton 1'tllll'S . Odober 12. 1973 

their re frigerators a nd rooms with munchies aside from 
candy bars and c ookies. 

Referring again to the demends of the students , it is 
comperat ively evident that there exists a similar need for 
some kind of food store on our campus as well . The 
Revelle Sundry store attempts to function both as a food 
and supply store, but cannot, and has not accomplished 
this function. Starches and sweets are perhaps the only 
food items kept s tocked in the store. Cheese, bread, or 
eggs simply are not continued items on the shelves. 

It has been argue d that if the Sundry store were to offer 
a larger selection of food , perhaps items with a bit more 
nutritional value, it would detract students from using the 
cafeteria . It would seem however, that students who have 
already purchased meal tickets, and at the same time 
have rented refrigerators for their room, should have the 
right and access to buy other food on campus. 

Considering the present s ize of the Sundry store to in-
crease its food selection. There simply is not enough 
room. Like wise though it has become apparent since the 
quarter began the s tore can not or will not within its 
limited space maintain its s tock in the school supply area. 
Personnel cosmetics and toiletries, are not only ra r ites 
but, to the dismay of the women on our campus, such 
articles are not regularily stocked in the store. 

The formation of a n independent store would not only 
alleviate the pressure on s tudents withou t cars t6 find · 
means to buy food, but would a lso give added space in the 
Sundry Store, space, which would h e ully be used for 
augmenting the inventory of school supplies, toi le tr ies, 
and othe r student needs. 

The Dilemma of 
OASIS 

OASIS, the organization in 
charge of the UCSD tutoring 
program is turning away 
students who need tutoring 
due to the lack of tutors. This 
year, OASIS sent requests to 
2,200 s tudents to become 
tutors; the requests resulted 
in only 85 tutors. Two years 
ago when only 1200 requests 
were sent, there were 400 
responses. According to Eric 
Martinez, associate director 
of OASIS, 1~130 tutors are 
needed to meet the existing· 
demand . 

The qualifications for 
tutors are : 1. completion of 
84 units 2. a 3.0 GPA ; ex-
ceptions can be made for 
individuals with high GPA in 
the areas they wis h to tutor 
3. 'A' or ' B' grades in subject 
to be tutored 4. completion of 
two quarters at UCSD. 

Tutoring takes only fHl 
hours p r week ; tutors a re 
required to attend the tutee's 
class and to m eet in-
di vidually with the student 

twice a week . In addition, 
during the first quarter in 
the program, tutors are 
required to take In-
terdisciplinary 196 . This 
class meets twice a week and 
4 upper division units are 
given for the class. 

Tutors are paid $150 per 
quarter. But there are other 
benefits besides the money. 
Tutors have a chance to 
become involved and ac-
tively help someone with the 
tutee's problems. Tutors get 
a certain sense of 
satisfaction from seeing 
their work help someone 
else. Tutoring is also a good 
way to get into teaching. On 
account of this va luable 
experien e, many former 
UCSD tutors are now getting 
their teaching credential. 

OASIS desperately n ds 
tutors . Any interested 
stud nts should eonta t 
OASIS a t their offi 'cs at 
either Huilding ;!15. Mat-
thews C CllIlflUS 

Low 
Blows 
and Cbeap 

by Ed Simons Shots 
Letter to the edi tor, TT, April 5, 1974 : 

" Dear Sir, 

The food service in this college is abominable. I'm a 
sophomore in Revelle and it seems that even in the short 
time I've been here, the food has gone down. There used to 
be a thing called 'steak night. ' After prices rose, they quit 
having steak and served roast instead. 

This year they don't even have a roast night. Chicken 
night, we got- but hardly any beef at all. They even limited 
the number of meat balls to two apiece. Another example 
of male domination ... 

Possible the thing that irritates me most is the lines; 
those big damn lines. I guess I've grown accustomed to 
eating s-t, but having to stand in line for an hour to get 
is more than I can bear . 

Sincerely, M. Kopeckne" 

An eyewitness account, outside the Revelle Cafeteria, 
April 11, 1974 : 

"Man, it was bitchin' , man! I was standing at the rear of 
the line, you know, sorta standing there. Then this pug-
ugly mutt went up and , you know, did it on this poor dude. 
I liked to'd died, it was so funny. 

Anyway, the cat got real angry, you know? He went 
berserk. He grabbed the dog and threw it through one of 
those big windows. God, then he ran through the broken 
window, grabbed a chair and got the rest of the glass still 
hanging. Pulled out his meal card and burned it, 
screaming something like, ' I ain't never gonna stand in 
line to eat in this hole anymore! ' you know? 

I guess that's when everyone applauded. Too bad they 
had to take him away ... " 

Filler in TT, April 16, 1974: 
"John Boone, who lives in our memories as the man who 

threw the dog at the cafeteria window, was suspended the 
next day. Authorities said Boone' s actions were 'in_ 
tolerable, reprehensible , and none too cool.' Provost Mort 
said Boone could come back when he agreed to eat at the 
cafeteria . 

J ohn Boone has applied for a transfer." 

Text of leaflet nai led on the door of the ·Housing OfficE, 
Apr il 18, 1974: . . " 

" The Declaration of Incligestion _ 
When in the course of human metabolic events, ·it 

becomes necessary for people to · dissolve the mutual 
bands which connect them with the cafeteria , and to 
assume among the omnivores of the earth , the separat 
and equal station to which the laws of nature and of 
nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions 
of yo mama requires that they should dec1are the causes 
which impel them to the separation. 

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all persons 
are c reated equal, that they are endowed by their Creator 
with certain unalienable needs, that amo/lg those qFe 
parties, housing, and decent food-that to secure these 
needs, resident deans are disseminated among people, 
deriving their powers from the conSent Of the oppressed 
that whenever any resident administration becomes 
destructive of these 'ends, it is .the duty' of the people to 
alter or to abolish it, and to institute new administration, 
laying iUioundation on such principles, and organ~ing its 
powers In such form, as to them shall seem most likely to 
effect their safe digestion. Experience hath shown that 
students are more disposed to suffer, while evils are 
sufferable, that to right themselves by abolishing· the 
forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long 
train of abuses and usurpations, persuing invariably the 
same object, evinces a design to reduce them under a~ 
solute despotism, it is their duty, to throw off such 
government. Such has been the patientsufferance of these 
students and such is now the necessity which constral.ns 
them to alter their former systems of food service. The 
history of the present food service is a history of repeated 
culinary atrocities having in direct object the establish-
ment of absolute atrophy of our lower digestive tracts. To 
prove this,let facts be submitted to a blind housing office. 

It has discontinued steak night. 
It has purchased non-union lettuce. 
It has purchased stale non-union lettuce. 
It has served warned-over vegetables and spaghetti In 

the guise of soup de jour. 
Opening only one bay when two are clearly called for. 
It has systematically lowered the amount of the balliC 

portion . 
It has allowed dirty tablecloths in the dining room . 
In every stage of these oppressions we have petitll)ned 

for good food in the most humble terms: Our repeated 
t.;on't page 15 

Oteck Cashing Hassles 
By Hannah Cohen 

a student calls in and tells 
the check cashing facility he 
does not have enough money 
in his account to cover his 
check. The facility will. then 
send the check back to the 
bank when the student has 
enough funds in his account. 

Within the last few weeks 
numerous students were 
unable to cash checks on 
campus despite the fact that 
check cashing is a widely 
publicized service to all 
students and employees by 
the University Bookstore, 
Revelle Sundry Store and the 
Central Cashier. At every · campus check 

According to Paul Mares, cashing facility there is an 
Manager of the Bookstore, alphabetical listing of bad 
this unnatural phenomena is check names. This list is 
due basically to the ~pda~ quite f~equ~ntly and 
unitersity's desire to prevent 1ts malO function is to get 
the passing of bad checks back the money for .those 
resulting in loss to the checks returned unpaid by 
university. banks. It a~o protects those 

Prevention is being ac- who lost thetr checks or h~d 
complished by following them stolen because 1f 
check cashing guidelines s~eone atu:mp~ to pass 
established by the Ul\iver- thelr check 1t w1ll not be 
sity Policy and Procedure accepted. Lost checks are 
Manuel. protected from 6 months to a 

One new measure is that ~ear. Other names put on the 
you cannot receive any cash hst. are removed ~ soon as 
for a check which does not their bad check 1S made 
have your name and address good. 

ri~ted on it by your bank. lJue to the added paper-
15. means if you have just work made for the university 

opened a ne~ checking for cashing checks and 
. (.'count and you only have because they have to hire' 

mporary checks you must extra personnel a 1st service 
o elsewhere to cash a check charge is charged to cash a 

~I your printed checks check throughout campus. 
rrlve. But, you can use the 

Jewish 
Holiday 

Jewish students at UCSD 
will celebrate the holiday of 
Sukkot starting at sundown 
on Wednesday. This holiday 
is a rememberance of the 
forty years the Jews spent in 
the Sinai desert following the 
Exodus. During that time, 
the Jews lived in small 
portable booths, or sukkot, 
and during ·this week of 
Sukkot, Jews build small 
temporary structures in 
which they eat and live. 
Apart from the historical 
significance of the sukkot, 
they also serve as a current 
sociological symbol. While 
living in these simple 
shacks, open to the rain and 
wind, all distinctions bet.-
ween rich and poor are 
eliminated and material 
possessions are demon-
strated to be vulnerable to 
destruction. 

The UCSD version of a 
Sukkah will be on the lawn 
north· of Urey Hall. Filled 
with fruit hanging from the 
roof and covered with palm 
branches, the agricultural 
aspects of the holiday are 
symbolized. For thousands 

of years, on the first day of 
Sukkot Jews throughout the 
world have prayed for a good 
harvest in Israel, During all 
eight days, a palm branch 
and a citron (lulav and stro.B) 
are used in the rituaL 

AIl these symbols build up 
towards the last of the Fall 
series of Jewish holidays, 
Simchat Torah, in which th~ 
Tefillit Ha-geshem , the 
Prayer for Rain in Israel is 
said. For the two thousand 
years of Jewish exile from 
Israel, this · day and prayer 
kept alive the hope for 
re turn. 

J ewish s tudents and 
faculty are invi ted to par-
ticipa te in holiday 
celebrations durIng he eight 
days of Sukkot. Plans for 
future ac tivities will be 
planned, includin~ a Shabot 
dinner to be held in the Muir 
College Lounge on Friday 
evening, October 19. 

Gerald Steinberg 

NOW 
Orientation 

The San Diego County 
Chapter' of the National 
Organization for Women 
(NOW) will hold an orien-
ta tion session for all in-
terested persons and new 
members on Thursday, 
October 18, at 7:30 p.rn. in 
the Puppet Theater, Balboa 
Park. 

The program will feature 
speakers who will discuss 
the feminist movement; the 
National Organization fn. 
Women, its structure Al, , . 
projects; and particular 
examples of the San Diego 
Chapter 's task force 
projects. The speakers will 
be foUowed by a discussion 
period with questions and 
answers. All persons will 
receive orientation kits as an 
introduction to the San 
Diego County Chapter of 
NOW. 

The public is invited. 

UFW Program 
Sunday, Oct. 14, at 7:00 p.m. 
Room 103, the Barcelona Room 
In the Casa del Prado ill Balboa Park 
Speakers from the UFW Strike and ijoycott 
Film : "Si Se Puede" 

Admission is free 
At the pr~ram there'll be information about the boycott. 
and ways to support the UFW 

Sponsored by Center for Servicemen's Rights and Wi hlcat 

If you need any more information, please contact 
Kathleen Gilberd at 239-2119 or at my home number - 295-
3923. 

Legal Aid Available 
for Students 

" I want the office to be really available for quick 
resolution of students' problems," commented Raphael 
Levens, a lawyer in the Office ci Student affairs. 

Levens stated that although legal aide services have 
been available to UCSD students since 1970, relatively few 
students are aware of them. 

Counceling is available on " any and all legal 
problems". Levens will deal with both civil and criminal 
cases as far as possible. He emphasizes, " If a student has 
been arrested or thinks he is going to be, he should get in 
touch with me right away." H a student finds himself in 
jail, he can get in touch with Levens who will get him 
released as soon as possible. H the office is closed, 
students should contact their resident dean 's to be put in 
touch with Levens. 

If a student's case goes as far as a court trial, Levens 
will refer the student to a trlallawyer " who won't rip him 
off" . 

Civil matters, such as landlord-tenant disputes, finance 
company suites, and consumer fraud are among the 
common problems Levens can help students settle. He 
states that he will resolve proolems right in his office, as 
far as possible. "Students should call or come in and 
they'll be seen right awaj, " Levens stressed. 

Levens is available from 8 a .m . to 5 p.m. on weekdays. 
His office is located at 250 MC in the Student Affairs 
Building. His telephone extension is 2711. H a student 
needs legal advice on a night or weekend he sllould get in 
touch with his resident dean who will contact Levens for 
him. 

Levens, in conjuction with the Office of Student Affairs 
and CALPIRG, is planning a seminar for students' on 
" CONSUMER RIP"()FFS" . The seminar will be held on 
October 30th in 2D 1330, beginning at 7 .' 00 p.m . 

Apology /i2 To Third College. 
Apology Nt Sorry for printing You didn't get any pap4ers/1 
the wrong date on Tuesday's because our distributer quit. 
Front page. Anybody want a job? See 

Mike at the Triton Times. 
printed checks to pay for · 
erchandise and fee .......................................... ~~~~~~~~~~~~ .................................... "~I 

ayments. The reason for 
is is that a thiefs main goal 

oal is to obtain cash through 
tolen checks rather than 
erchandise. 
An old requirement is that 
student must present at 

STEREO'S BELOW WHOLESALE 
least two I.D.'s to cash a 
check; a driver's license or We buy most Merchandise below normal wholesale Prices including New, Bankruptcies still in factory 
omething comparable and sealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Most makes and. the~rentsWdentI.D.ThbI~ ........ ·modii.e.ISi· ................................ ~ .............. ~ .................................. I 

means that if for any reasoo 
you don't have your student 
I.D. card you cannot tak~1 
advantage of the check 
cashing service. This again 
. s to prevent the use of stolen 
hecks and forgeries . 
The maximum amoont of 

cash a student can receive 
or anyone check is $25.00. 
his maximum was 
stablished to protect the 

iversity and those whose 
hecks were lost from being 

taken advantage of by 
orneone writing checks for 

hundreds of dollars. Also, Rill .a.y 
this helps the cashier to have S. '.rm. 
more money on hand sinc~ .ulllfIIKJ .. 

........... 

I 
, \ 

~ CHANIIEL aUAD 
.T ...... U ... 

checks for larger sums 

f:~;r:~;J%~:~~i::~; Ui"&MAI~I~ia loy-Aw.".nd ..... All ... MPZ 
ases a s upervisor can IAlsfEliftiC(IY(II.lflll mEt.Llst '369'~ Trade -Ins A C""f''' 
~:;~id~rthaisl~!/ ~!n~ GanaR. a.,_ •• ,le Chan... Save '202" , ................... , 
an be cashed. ' Diamond n .. dle - F., circuitry Y" $1 61 7 Our $1 67 20 s ••• s,.... . 
Anoth r policy used Large full range speak.r sy.'.m • aVi • 5 Price ' . , .... , .. , .... 

ampu wide Is a $5 fee for AdJu.tabie headphone., .Ie. ... .. '.lIet c __ _ 
hecks retur ned by banks ror"-~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~_-----~~~~~~~-:---~:--::-----;';';',",":~~~~,!",,:~"" 
cason of insufficient funds FREIGHT LI UIDATORS 3459 EI Cajon Blvd. 283-6368 
r for a ny oth r calis ............. II!II ............... ---........ .... - ..... --.......... - ....................... .. 
oll'ever, this fe is way d in 

. cirC'WTIstanC'es like if 



( 

Your Taxes 
At Work 
Photos: David Hurst 

Pll~ of Triton Tim • Ot'tol r 12. 197:l 

LE I I ERS TO THE EDITOR 
Mideast War 
There is an ancient 

Hebrew prayer which a 
religious Jew feverently 
intones at least three times a 
day, "May He who 
establishes peace in the 
Heavens, grant peace unto 
us and unto all Israel: and 
say ye, Amen." 

We do not think this prayer 
can be repeated with more 
conviction than it is in the 
State of Israel. An Israeli 
born in 1948, when the state 
was established, has known 
no less than three wars in his 
lifetime and is now learning 
a fourth . For any Israeli who 
is 40 or over, in most 
probability, this is the fourth 
time in his life he is actually 
fighting in battlefields . We 
Americans consider our-
selves unfortunate if we have 
had to fight one war during 
our lifetimes, before being 
able to .return to home 
and peace. An Israeli has 
never known any I kind ' of 
peace to return to , 

The attack by Syria and 
Egypt on Israel took place 
on the holiest day of the 
Jewish year, Yom Kippur, 
the Day of Attonement. The 
Israeli Jews who were not in 
Syna gogues praying and 
fas ting were a t leas t in their 
homes with their families . 
Civic life in Israel stops on 
Yom Kippur . No stores are 
open, no buses run ... and 
most soldiers are sent home 
to be with their families . It is 
preciseley for this reason 
that Egypt and Syria chose 
this day for their attack. 

[t would be ludicrous to 
think the Israe lis were 
unaware that an attack was 

• 

imminent. Surely many of 
the Israeli-sponsored sneak 

.attacks on Palestinian 
guerilla leaders, such as the 
one that took place in 
Lebanon last year, would 
indicate the ability and depth 
of Israeli military in-
telligence , 
Israeli knowledge of events 
on the "other side" is of a 
high enough quality to 
preclude the notion that the 
Israel' · thought the massive 
build up of arms and men 
along the Egyptian and 
Syrian borders was a mere 
diversion for the Arab 
Generals. 

Yes, Israel knew attack 
was imminent. Yet she sat, 
afraid to be labeled the 
agressor. She remembered 
world reaction when in 1967 
she made pre-em ptive 
strikes against the Egyp-
tians before they were fully 
prepared to start the battle. 
Last week, Israel was afraid 
of world opinion, so a fraid 
she did not even call upon 
her reserves to be ready, 
Instead she called upon the 
nations of the world to step in 
and try to prevent a fourth 
outbreak of violence in the 
Middle East. Israel has paid 
dearly for her fea r of world 
opinion .. .in blood. She was 
caught unprepared and now 
has suffered heavy losses 
because s he tried to 
peacefully avoid war. 

The issue involved in this 
fight is not the return of 
territories cap tured by 
Israel in 1967, rather it is the 
issue of the very right of the 
J ewish State to exis t! At no 
time in history have any of 
the Arab co untries 
recognized the enti ty in their 

midsts called " Israel." In 
fact, when in 1948 the State 
was mandated by In-
ternational agreement in the 
United Nations, the Arab 
delegates walked out. In all 
past wars the goal of the 
Arab states has been no less 
then to push Israel "into the 
sea." Even though the 
present claim is that all the 
Arabs want is the capture 
back of territory ceded 
during the Six Days Wart we 
10 not believe the basic trend 
of Arab though has changed. 
We believe the Arabs would 
not be content to stop at Eilat 
or Jerusalem but instead 
would not be satiated until 
they reached and captured 
Tel Aviv. 

The right of the State of 
Israel to exist and its 
political sovereignty must 
not be questioned. In-
te rnational agreements and 
vague treaties that have 
appeared in the past have 
not guaranteed this right. It 
is fC>r this right that the 
Is raelis a re fighting today. 

The Arab nations have 
many fears and hatred of 
Israel. Some justified. we 
imagine, and some not. 
Never the less these fears 
and hatreds cannot be 
brought to the surface and 
discussed by bombs and 
missiles. 
In the words of Prime 
Minister Gold Meir, Israel 
has offered to discuss peace 
"at any time and any place" 
with ther Arab neighbors. 
The Arabs, on the other 
hand, have made it an of-
Ficial sta tement of policy 
never to engage in direct or 
indirect peace negotiations. 

The breakage of U1e 1967 

ceasefire by Syria and Egypt 
is a despicable act, just as 
despicable as their un· 
willingness to work out a just 
and lasting peace with 
Israel. 

Leonard Rosenthal 
David Katz 

Chip Rosenfeld 

Development 
Dear Editor : 

Enclosed is an article from 
today's Los Angeles Times, I 
think it is of i:1terest to the' 
general community. The fact 
that a commercial center is 
planned for the UCSD area 
does not bother me, but the 
complex as planned will be a 
city! The question is : Will a 
center of this magnitude 
serve the needs of the 
university community? The 
answer is yes, but.. .. The but 
being a question of overkill. 
Contrary to psychological 
illusion, everything that is 
bigger is not necessarily 
better . Along with the 
development of the 
University Town Center will 
be increased housing. in· 
creased rents and property 
values, increased crime, and 
more crowdin g and 
congestion. Along with this 
will be the loss of some open 
s pace. c rowding of the 
al ready doomed Black's 
Beach and Torrey Pines 
recreation facilities, more 
rapid development of Car-
mel Valley , a nd more 
pressure for and airporf in 
the orth County a rea. On 
the plus s ide will be more 
jobs, convenience for 

t"~"~"5"""" 
tr UCSD FACULTY, STAFF AND STUDENTS 
~ 'YOUR NEW FULL SERVICE 
- TIRE PROGRAM IS HERE t OVER 18,000 TIRES I'N STOCK! 
r . over 1200 Dayton Factory 
~ Dealers across the U.S. 
• ~ FREE MOUNTING ~ 

t ~ =:'::'"::t:~::::s .. 
~ ~ FREE TilE ROT A TION & 
~ BALANCING 

EVERY 5000 MILES FOR THE LIFE OF TH E 

.. ~ FREE PUNCTURE REPAIR f ", FRil WRlnEN GUARANTEE & 
_ NA IIONWIDE DIRECTORY 
.... , THIS PROGRAM IS SAN DIEGO'S OLDEST GROUP 

600·650 13 7.5 3] 13 18 28 90 
77,51"" 28.55 llOO 1250 
82.5 14 1.5 313.5· 17 39 36 95 
f)AYl'ONA HAIl I,\I . XS 7· Ply Steel Belt 
" FRt: E IIALA NflI\G" 
BR70 13 .40.000 Mile Wormnty <501 
ER70 1 d & Free Replacement _7 67 
FR -1 '" ~lr'l SO~ of rread ,99. 
GIi!70 14 / 15 li fe ot 579? 
HR70 1.. 15 No Charge 61 11 
JR70· 15 Industry s F,ne~1 6380 
lR70 1 S lire WO"(lnl~ 6891 

OAYTON " PREMIUM" 4·Ply Cho,ce 01 NylOn 0' 

.0 .• ' 
43.37 
.5.44 
51.6 S 
S5 60 
51.00 
6170 

Polyesr., COld (w,de Ploli e " fREE VALVE STEMS" 
.'8 13 3180 16 J.5 3630 1867 
(18 13 332' 17 10 379$ 1953 
E18 14 369,) 1990 

" 20 21 70 F7. 14 15 "09.) 210. 46 15 1305 
GT8 ' 4 U .S 00 2115 .s I loS 1.5 .. , 
Hll1 , . 15 494.,5 , . ." >6)0 7; 9, 
J78 900 l7l1.s .. 70 1811 cUll 3030 

1'IIOIWllit ~: J) 1'1t~; \lI l'M ~'or III111orl' 
.. ~·It~: t: IWT\l'W ... E \ ·t:IIY :',IKMl ~11I .t;S" 
60012 1830 1600 208. 1100 
520/560/ 600 13 

students, and development 
of this 3I'ea according to 
some sort of plan. 

Coming from Hawaii, I've 
seen the rapid development 
of tourist accomodations to 
the detriment of the local 
population since about 1968. 
I've personally done some of 
the surveying for the wall·to-
wall condominiums and 
hotels from Lahaina to 
Honokohua, as well as for the 
destruction (''' develop-
ment") of some of the most 
beautiful beaches in the 
islands from Makena to the 
Puu Olai lava flats and 
Fleming 's Beach on the 
westside of MauL This is the 
reason I'm wary of rapid 
development in any locale. 
Look for speculative real 
estate and you will come 
across Hawaii and California 

in no time. 
Does anyone remember 

what Mission Bay and 
Pacific Beach were like 30 
years ago? 

Sincerely, 
Anthony Otsuke 
Graduate Student , 
Chemistry 

Hypocrisy 
Dear Editor : 

On page 4 you stated : "The 
Triton Times strongly en-
dorses boycotts of Safeway, 
Gallo, and other companies 
that sell or use non-UFW 
produce." 

continued on pg. 14 

Tuesday's Crossword 

I '6 
114 
131 

269 
270 
288 
3 08 
3 33 
J S5 
3 70 

163 
191 
111 
238 
2>5 
210 
196 

lH 

TUIEll$.! ~AlSEO nIH Linus 

DAYTON BLUE RIIIDN " Polyes'.' '' .. " F,b.,CIIS." 
2 Plus 2 " HONOREO NATIONWIDE " Y.", 

WHITE COl' 
C7B 13 

.5265 1 111 y~ 
E78 , .. no ,. 

.5270 100 
f78 15 15 f 70 I . I.S ..... 1715 
G? '4 U G70 ' 4 15 

.. " 
,.,., 

H78 ' 4 lj H70 '4 1.5 10 J.s 31 ,., 
J78 14 U 7800 3-10 75 
900 l78 15 Tim 1,,~ "D 4 4 2 1010 3660 

DAYTON SPORT 60 & 70 Se"e. R .... d WhIt.leller. 
CTh. PI.ymates, WRITTEN GUARANTEE 
'60 h ,.) 

.. 70 2' 90 
060 I .. 15 1.sU ,.90 
A7013 3' 3S 23 'U 
HO , . 

.5335 2,S ., 
170 h 1.5 S72S 27 . 0 
G10 101 IS 629.5 ,.,., 

DAYTON PREMIUM TRUCK TIRES .. CAMP ER TIRES 
rr", c ~ 6 I 10 

tH. S'l~ Typto PI, PI, Ply 
700.15 CQ,..enllonol 11 "0 :lOU N IA 
H7 .... 15 OU ... lO ... O HIO 38 S. N IA 
100 .. 16 COI'I...-el'ltl o"(J1 3005 NI' N IA 
H11,16 OUAlOAO 31 d NIA N/ A 
7"(h 16 Co" •• ,,'.ol'lol 3139 31., N/ A 
l71.16 OUAlO"O " /A .... N IA 
£Itra Wide camper Width fib con wentlonal &. split " mi . 

foci 
T •• 
100 
23' 
,.. 
, .. 
30' 
3 12 
3 I. 

786 
,.. 
176 
1 SS 
2SS 
,.. 

f.d 
T •• 

3 '0 
3S7 
,., 
, .. 
369 
• 13 

- I PURCHASE PLAN .. t . 1999 1600 1761 1800 161 
.., , ....... £ •• OJ "INSTANT CREDIT- _ '~;~~~~ '~~h~.,~?'jt..:;.~~, .. E.~L,:<~~ ... i,;: 100 .. 16 S DUAlOAD 3 .. 37 3176 3196 362 • 7S~1' S lUIUE5S N . .. 97.5 •• '0 no o)O~ I, S N> .,. l' )201 "2 47 ., NA 
.. 

USE YOUR CREDIT UNION" THE o ... no-. ... f. . U IIfPLACf """f.Nr UP '0 SO, OF IR(AO wr,A1t TH IS TI I ( IS .. fUll SIX PlY W ITH HtEAO DEPTH Of FIfTEEN " """11""" 0",. d .. t'9ngfoOll N" .d", ,ry .. ,d. 'londOld, •• ,' 
. ______________________________ -r ______________________ -L~' H~"~'Vi~fC=O~NO~5~----------__________________ ~-------:,o~'.= .. =m'~.~~'.~ .. ~' ~-----------

IOOO~lo) 
" 19 ... 

1100016) • )161 '0.0 .,. 

~ SAII.IO IAn .. lin 37S21OSHIIA.S 
": 299-1121 

lFad MI .... USN (Ret .) Mer . 
7:30 to 5 :30 Mon thru fr l. 

7 :30 to 3:00 Sat. 

WHOLESALE n l E 
4530 CONYOY SI. 

PH: 27.·4210 
frank Leone Mer. 

7:30 to 5:30 Mon thru fri. 
7:30 to 3:00 Sat. 

El CAJON DAYTON ,. E 
303 N. SECOND ST. 

PH: 440-1711 
Keith Ho~b Mgr. 

7:30 to 5:30 Mon thru Fri. 
7:l0 to 3 :00 Sot . 

W LISALE 
4620 MISS ... lAY 

PH: 273·2609 
Jesse Llewellyn A1gr. 

7 :30 to 5:30 Mon thru f rl 
1:30 to 3:00 Dt 

r, 5Trl n1' 



Hurry Up, Please 
It's Time 

by Mason Powell 
I believe it was Clark Kerr who once aid the way to run a 

university smoothly is to furnish sex for the students, football 
for the alumm , and pilrklllg fOl' the facul ty . UCS[) IS not 
exactly a case in POint. l L~ alumm are too few and too recent 
to demand -football, and thl students tend to sub. titut > SUf-
fing and televisIOn If they emmot find a mute. 

Few pt!ople realIze, howcwl', till' rrisi ' that was narnl\\ h 
aver ted last vear II hen lhe parking area in fr(lnt of the ~ylll 
was torn up ',\s all tile p<u'klll~ ne"r :\hur was "S" pm'klll~ 
then. the faculty wen degraded . 0 much dS to suffer the 
l"nomlllV of-at tillles-crUlslIlg around looking for a space. 
'[he eliti~m so man) facult:- therish took on:!!'. and a major 
letter wflung and petition .drIve was tarted in order to 
creatc "A" spaces for faeult); In the process, making 
parking even harder for students and employees, suc h as 
secretaries. 

Which brUlgs us. qUIte naturally , to the Issue of the violent 
overthrow of the democratIcally elected governme nt in 
Chi le. As many readers are probably aware, petitions to the 
U.N. a re being circulated in the hope that enough people 111 
San Diego and other cities will sign them and help .I·aise the 
issue of the mass slayings, indiscr iminate executIO ns, and 
incredible tortures that the right.wing junta is currently 
engaging in. These petitions are being presented .to our 
distinguished fac ulty, with their much heralded ablhty to 
reason abstractly, in the hope that they will deem the future 
and hopes of the exploited people i~ ~hile as imp.ortan t as, 
say their unalienable right to a pr lvlledged parkmg space. O~ even, I venture, the r ight of Americans to bathe in the 
nude on Black 's beach. One of the firs t professors I ap-
proached with this petition (one that I knew) told me he had 
signed the Black 's beach pe tition. Unfortunately, all he knew 
a bout Chile was what he had read in TIME magazine and the 
L.A. Tim es; which, it turned out, he had not read well. He did 

ot even know whether or not our governme nt had 
ecognized the junta·it had, and ixon had stated he thought 
e U.S. could now have better relations with Chile. 
Our professor had read in TIME that the author of the Chile 

1rticle had seen a truck owner eating steak after being on 
strike for four months. When quer ied how this was possible, 
the owner responded that the money came from the CIA, of 

~ourse. Our professor thought this was a joke ; Senator 
ennedy, however, has felt the allegations were s o con· 

vincing he has set up a committee to inyes tigate the alleged 
CIA involvement. 

Our discussion went on for about an hOL:r ; I kept giving him 

triton tillles 
Editor-in-Chief . ...... .... David l. Buchbinde r 
City Editor ............ : ... ... .... . . Greg Hicks 
Managing Editor ............... Michael Sesma 
Copy Editor .... . . .. ............. James G. 5010 
Business Manager ............. Nancy Mancino 
Editorial Director ........... . ... Mark McCarty 
Arts Editor . • .... ... .. . .... . ...... Larry Deckel 
Sports Edhor .... . ....... . ... ...... Eric Raislers 
S<:ience E( iitor ....................... Bob Nau 
PhotograJ:hy Editor . . . . ...... . . Malcolm Smith 
Secretary . .. ....... ... ,.. Cnrinne Cacas 
Associate City Editors . ......... .... .. Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 
Asst . Busiuess Manager . ...... .... Ramon Rui z 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized as a 
student ne Nspaper by the Communication Board 
o f the Uniwersily of California, San Diego, Building 
250, Matlhe ws Campus, La Jolla, California 92037. 
Publication is twice weekly on Tuesdays an d 
Fridays. Offices are located in Room 117, Blak .. 
Hall, Rl'welle Campus. For adwerti ing pL,on 45J-
722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for l'ditorial or new 

plo (' 1016. 
~ac~9m~~==~ 

1m • 0 'I r 12 1973 

.. \ , 

facts like what McNamara dId Wltl1 the World Hank ; the 
Hickenlooper amendment; that our military aid to Chile in 
1972 was surpassed only by our military aid to South Viet-
nam. He blushed at his ignorance : a brilliant, crimson red . 
Yet he did not sign the petition, and as he explained to me 
the next day, he is r eally confused about his political views; a 
few years ago he decided not to do an ything until he learned 
more. I pointed out that he was doing noth ing to lea rn more, 
and he agreed. A professor in the pure sciences, he is unable 
or unwilling to cope with the abstract concept that the fA of 
his country probably 1I1stigated the murderous coup in Chile. 

The pa t members of the Chilean congress from th now 
bani hed Popular Umty party, wllo are being tortur d a nd 
kill d, can take lIttle comfort in the exis tence of thiS del'<ldent 
professOI', living in Ius o\\n tiny. insulated world and fillIng 
111' spure time with bridge Rut periwps. due In part to this 
man, our faculty WIll park theIr cars IlIore easily, and cl fe\1 
I1H1rl' ]lPople I f'wn as the lI.s d .. nies adllliltanee to ChIlI'an 
.polItical r"fllgel'S f]eell1g for thlH' II\'Ps I will bl' able to enjo) 
bathing l1Udl' at Black'.' bl'<Ich. 

By Mason Powell 

An Open Letter 
To Middle America 
An Opcn Letter To 
Middle America 

I am writing in response to Paul Osterman 's letter in 
which he asks us to look out for our own interests when we 
vote on the November tax initia tive referendum. I want to 
say, Paul , right on ! 

It 's time that middle Americans got down off the 
" liberal " bandwagon and star ted doing things for them· 
selves for a change. Why should we pay for day care ser-

rIJ6m'S- Reinhaud Lettau 
Metamorphosis 

When Richard Nixon 
awoke from 

troubled dreams one 
morning he found 

himself changed into 
a human being. 

With regard to the Agnew resignation. the 

T mon Times has one thing to say: 

One Down and One to Go 

vices for mothers whose children are probably bastards? 
Why should we subsidize~college students just so that they 
can learn an effete contempt for us? Why should we give 
away property tax breaks and medical aid to codgers who 
didn' t have the sense to provide for themselves as well as 
we will ? . Why should we may be give up a s teak dinner jus t 
so that some s not-nosed bra t can get some free school 
lunches? Wh)r do we need Head Star t a nd Bi lingual 
education and other costly programs for born·lo ers? Do 
minimum wage laws help you, or do they drive up prices? 
Do welfare g ive·aways make your take·home pay larger ? 
How do these things serve your se lf·interest'! [)on't be 
sucked in b} s tupid do·gooder qualms. What is "social 
justIce" . a phnlse l 

Hemcl1lber lIlat. belore every th ing else, ) ou 're got til 
look out for yourself. , 

If \\e rI'lllly learn this jpsson. maybe \\'c ean rl'al1~' Illake 
tiling" a lot bCttl'1' fol' u . W(' cuuld p'ass mnovative Im\s· for 
instance. we coulrt requin' that all Americans of 
Lithuanian. Polish or Gypsy descent become Slav s of 
State, and perform all sorts Of disagre~abll' publIc works. 
without pay, at coast· ffectl\'e Internment (·<l mps. 

Or we could require that all children of welfare recIpIents 
be strangled at birth to save the public the expense of 
upporting them. 
Or we could organize public circuses where known or 

suspected homosexuals would be beaten and skinned a live 
a nd eaten by wild beasts a nd other a musing things like that 
a nd the proceeds could be used to support the military might 
that guards our Freedoms. 

Yes, the possibilities could be endless if we don ' t let silly 
sentimentalities overwhelm our natural inclination to Self· 
Interest. 

So let's Eight inflation, and support my Daddy and his 
friend Ronnie ! 

Julie Dixon Hassenpfeffer 

.'" I" IV 

01 '1.1 "','" 
"'.,', I .• , ... n ... 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

1111 •• 11 .... . " ",1." 

N',III Nl lllIl,1I 
, . I" II~ .... ""to 

II."' . A .. " ....... n 

M.,-,It,,1 """' 

OF SOUnD 
_____ :.e ...... Z e 

~ . : I =--= 

•••••• • • • •••••• 
• 
• 

New 4230 RECEIVER with BUILT-IN DOLBY· 
Now, Marantz introduces their top 
quality 4200 series receivers, with 
BUILT-I N DOLBY·' The Dolby· noise 
reduction .ystem ellmin •• e. hissing, 
feedback and playback distortion. 
Hear your tapes exactly as they were 
recorded' CI an, Clear, Crisp. 

Hearing ;s belielling. and you won't 
believe It until you hear It! The 
Dolby· , now built-In to the Marantz 
receivers, and now available at 
Wright's. Only $449.95 

FAlR TAAOE ~ICE 
'OOLBY LABS, INC. 

No More Safeways 
For UCSD 

Mecha and North Star Collective 
Within the next two 

months, construction is 
expected to begin on a 
comprehensive consumer's 
extravaganza on the 
southern edge of the UCSD 
campus. This soon·to-be 
development, known as 
" Villa La Jolla" , will be 
located on 15 acres behind 
the La Jolla Village Inn 
( forme rly Holiday Inn), in 
the northeast corner of a 
large triangle of open space 
bordered by Hwy. 5, La J olla 
Village Dr ive, and Gilman 
Drive. 

workers of America. 

The proposed shoppi ng 
center will fill the con-
sumption needs of the UCSD 
community in every con· 
ceivable area, from laun· 
dering to elegant dining, 
from banking·America to 4· 
sc reen movie·going . Ice 
skating-yes!-even a pinball 
parlor are proposed tenants 
for the new shopping center. 

UCSD cafeterias have not 
served Teamster lettuce (for 
the most part) for over a 
year, due to the continual 
efforts of UFWA supporters. 
Safeways in La Jolla, En· 
cinitas , Univers ity City , 
Solana Beach, Oceanside, 
and Pacific Beach have been 
picketted by members of the 
UCSD-North County com· 
munity during the past 
years, and currentl y the 
Enc initas a nd University 
City Safeways are being 
picketted 2·3 days a week. A 
new UCSD boycott group is 
in the pro ess of being 
organized. It is clear that 
many members of the UCSD 
community will simply not 
tolerate scab lettuce and 
grapes being sold next door 
to the UCSD campus. 

==~~~.~~ 
' DID YOU KNOW THAT IN 1970.71 I PAID THE SAME AMOUNT IN TAlCES . ' 'THE PRESIDENT?' 

The n y in this 1UXk!f ious 
ointment being dished up for 
the UCSD conununity is 

afeway, Inc., which is so far 
the only fi rm to sign a 
co mmitmen t wi th the 
de ve lopers. As the only 
supermarket in close range 
of UCSD, the new Villa La 
Jo lla su perma r ket will 
inevitably monopolize the 
food·buying needs of the 
UCSD community. The need 
for a grocery store in th is 
area is clear. But what is 
a lso very clear is that a large 
number of UCSD students, 
fac ulty, and community 
people a r e committed to the 
nationa l Safeway boycott in 
support of the United Far m· 

The UCSD administration 
is well aware that Safe way is 
not a popular store among 
the UCSD community. 
Recently, a select group of 
UCSD students was invited 
to discuss "Villa La Jolla" 
with members of the Office 
of Arc hitects a nd Engineers 
and with Lar ry Malcolm of 
Tri lliam Corpora tio n , 
developers of the shopping 
center. One of the questions 
those students put to Larry 
Malcolm was: Why 
Safeway? The answer was 
not very convincing, as 
quoted in a September 6 
memo of that meeting; 

Asked why Safeway was 
selected over other markets, 
Mr. Malco lm explained 
Safeway was the only fi rm 
tha t would agree to their 

architectural s ta ndards, 
maintained high quality 
products, and was finan-
cially able to support its 
operations at a loss for 
several years until a number 
of residents had located in 
the area to make the 
operation mor profitable. 

If Mr. Malcolm was really 
really concerned about 
"high quality products" , 
Safeway's record would not 
appear to recommend it. In 
the past year alone, several 
lawsuits have been brooght 
against Safeway for failing 
to meet health standards, 
and for fraudulent ad· 
vertising. Safeway has bee .. 
taken to court for selling 
bug·infested bakery goods 
and for mislabeling meat. 
cuts, for example. Is this 
indiciatve of " high quality 
products" ? 

SUNDAY 
OCTOBER 14th-4:00 PM 

. I nternational Center 

featuring 

I-I~ No~lani 
Polynesian Dance Co. 

DINNER TICKETS - SOLD OUT 

$2.00 
tickets available at the center 

contests prizes 

Whatever the real reasons 
for the selection of Safeway, 
Inc . they do not seem to stem 
from a concern for the "best 
interest.. of the campus 
communi ty , and UCSD 
administrators should be 
forewarned that they face 
strong opposition from the 
student community over the 
Safeway issue. Safe way, 
Inc., should also be 
forewarned . They have 
already lost $12 million in 
profits on a nationwide basis 
since the start of the UFW A 
boycott, and the UCSD Farm 
Workers ' Support Group will 
give special attention to any 
new Safeway that tries to sell 
scab lettuce, grapes, annd 
wines in this area. Even 
Safewar cannot afford to 
"support its operations at a 
loss" for very long. 

ABAJO CON SAFEWA Y! 

On Celibacy 
by Dana Densmore 
from No More FU'n 

and Games 
One hangup to liberation is 

a supposed "need" for sex. It 
is something that must be 
refuted , coped with, 
demythified, or the cause of 
female hberation is doomed. 

Already we see girls, 
thoroughly liberated in their 
own heads, understanding 
their oppression with 
terrible clarity trying, 
deliberately and a trace 
hysterica lIy, to make 
themselves attractive to 
men, men for whom they 
have no respect, men they 
may even hate, because of 
"a basic sexual·emotional 
need." 

Sex is not essential to life, 
as eating is . Some people go 
through their whole lives 
without engaging in it at all, 
including fine, warm, happy 

wonder ... 

people. It is a myth that this myth that they can be 
makes one bitter, shriveled satisfied and that thiS nir-
up, twisted. vana is one which a man and 

The big stigma of life-long only a man can bring her. 
virginity is on women Moreover, sexual freedom 
anyway, created by men is the first freedom a woman 
because woman 's purpose in IS awarded and she thinks it 
life is biological and if she is very lffiportant because 
doesn't fulfill that she's it 's all she has; compared to 
warped and unnatural and the dullness and restric-
"must be all cobwe bs in· tiveness of the rest of her life 
s ide." it glows very brightly. 

Men are suspected at But we must come to 
worst of being self-centered realize that sex is actually a 
or afraid of sex, but do not minor need, blown out of 
carry any stigma of being proportion, misunderstood 
unnatural. A man's life is ( usually what passes for 
taken as a whole on its sexual need is actually 
merits. He was busy, it may desire to be stroked, desire 
be thought, dedicated, a for recognition or love, 
great man who couldn't desire to conquer, humiliate 
spare the time and energy or wield power, or desire to 
for demanding relationships communicate). 
with women. We must come to realize 

The guerillas don' t screw. that we don't need sex, that 
They eat, when they can, but oJ celibacy is not a dragon but 
they don't screw. They have even a state that could be 
important things to do, desirable, in many cases 
things that require all their preferable to sex . How 
energy. repugnant it really is, after 

Everyone of us must have all , to make love to a man 
noticed occasions when he who despises you, who f{>~rs 
was very involved in you and wants to hold you 
something, figh ting , down ! Doesn't screwing in 
working, thinking, writing, an atmosphere devoid of 
involved to the extent that res pect get pretty grim? 
ea ting was haphazard, Why betlMlc? You don't need 
sleeping deliberatel y it. 
cheated. But the first thing Erotic energy is just life 
that goes is sex. It' s in- energy and is quickly 
convenient, tirne-conswlling, worked off if you (b'e dOing 
energy·draining, and interesting , absorbing 
irrelevant. Ulings. Love and affection 

We are prograrruned to and rec~ition can easily be 
crave sex. It sells conswner 'fowlQ In comrades who love 
goods. It gives a lift and you for yourself and not for 
promises a spark of in- how docile and cute and sexy '" 
dividual self-assertion in a and eg~building your are , a 
dull and routinized world. It more honest and open love, a 
is a means to power ( the only love in which you are always 
means they have ) for subject, never merely ~ 
women. ject, always active, never 

It is also, conversely, a 
means of power for men, 
exercised over women , 
because her sexual desire is 
directed to men. 

Few women ever are 
actually satisfied, of course, 
but they blame the par· 
ticular man and nurse the 

merely relative . And if 
despite all this genital 
tensions persist you can stiU 
masturbate. Isn't that a lot 
easier anyway? 

This is a call not for 
celibacy but for an ac-
ceptance of celibacy as an 
continued on pg. 14 

"* a candle flickers 
grows stronger 
light = 

united campus ministry 
student service - Sunday 
lOam revelle formal lounge 

Page 7 Triton 'Ilme., October 12, 1973 



and his Steam Shovel Saturday Flicks 
Dear Mike, (By Penny Roberts) 

I am a SO) more at Revelle College and pe?ple I am goi~g to UCSD they asswne I ' ~I 
I've got a pn lem. I am taking 24 units and gomg to San Diego State .. H~w can I get It " 
my gi rlfriend is complaining that I'm not through their heads that thiS Isn't San DlCgo 10 OlE IN MADRID 
paying enough at~ention to h r . My parents State? A documentary film 
refuse to help finance my ducation as they PI'oud, but Frustrat d Produced by Nichole StephanI' 
feel T shoul be wOl'king Illy way through Dear Proud, Dire ted by Frederic Rossi[ 
schoO,I, on the gro~ds t~at I'll "a~preciate it Si mply explain to your mi~inft)rm('d ~lTation by Sir !Oh~ Gi?lgud, Irene Worth. 
more ,and the Fmanclal Aids office refuses friend1', that an Diego unlike Califnrnia is William Hult & CeOi ge (.onncau 
to give me any financial aid because "your not a state. . , 
parents can afford to send you to school". To Die In Madrid is a grimly evocative, 
Eating in th Revelle Cafeteria is ruining my 0 ar Mlk unrelenting resume of what oc 
complexion, and living in a triple designed for I've bee~ on this .......... canlpus for 4 pOlitically and militarily in Spain, np[wp.f'n 
two is driving me crazy. . . years now and frankly, I might as well hav 1931 a~d 1939, when Franco and his clen 

What .all thiS .amounts to, I that what With become a priest. I'm no stud, but this is con')ohdated power. I~ traces the wh 
eve~ythmg gOl.ng on,. l've contracted a starting to get ridiculous. I don't tlIean to bloody bUSiness of the nse ?f the . 
te.mble case of IIlS01TIIlIa, a.nd haven't slept a sound like a male chauvinistic pig, but, where and the overthrow OfYlC king, the. ~athenng 
wlllk all quarter. If I don t get some sleep can a mce guy find some chic-ks. of the forces of reactIOn by Ule l~lIhtary ~nd 
soon, I just know I'm going to get mono and I.M. Horny by the church, the . outbreak. of l~surrectlOn 
die. How can I get some sleep? . and the brutal waging of CIVil stnfe. Jt ends 

Insomniac sophomore Dear Mr. Horn with tile grinding down of the republican 
Trv Olel McD~lIalel~ farm. Reliable sources loyalists and Ule beginning of the Franco 

Dear In. o Sopho, indicate that ther("~ a "('hkk rhiek here, a regime. . . 
Take two aspirin , attend a humanities ('hick ('hiek t1ll'n' . hl're a ehiek, th('n' a chlrk, It IS obvIOUS that t!le S}1llpatJlIes of those 

lecture. and call me in the morning. c\cr}\\hcrc a chkk ('hick II \~ho compiled Ule fIlIII ,md wrote tI:e cx-
. . tensive narration arc wi th th loyallsb, and 

Dear Mr. MullIgan, 
Now that I'm attending UC San Diego I fi nd 

tha t I have a slight problem. Whenever [ te ll 

Hung up? Strung out? Boiled nver') S nd that defeat of th~ latter is regarded as a 
your probl ms and hob-goblins to MIKE shameful tum In Ins tor} . But the general tone 
MULLIGAN AND HIS STEAM SHOVEL IS .one of sorrow for all the blood that . 
care of this paper ' spilled, the damage !Ion and the tembl 

. heartbreaks suffered by helpless peopl 
---------..,..----------------------- both sides. 

GUITARS 
and accessories 

IO-ZS%OFF 

The fi tm rises to pochc heights in 
"'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii descriptions of certain execrabl events--
= bombing of Guernica, the execution 

A DOLL'S 
HOUS[ 

with 

Frederico Garcia Lorca, the s hamefu 
silencing of the great philosopher U 
the demobilization of the internation 
in Barcelona, with the voice the 
remarkable leader, Apassionata, ringing in 

I . their ears. e 31 re While it may be injudicious and presump-
hi tive to atterppt to tell the history of the oom Spanish Civii"War in the narration of a film, 

.' 

American Dream Music --E-X-C-L-U-S-IV-E-S-H-O';"'W':"I';"'N';"'G-II To Die In Madrid is an awesome and structive demonstration of the courage and ... -----------------Ibsen s claSSIC SIOrv of women 's 
h~ra(1OfI I.!\ 00\0\' an Important 
and lRtell~luallv stlmulatln@ 4705 College Ave. 

new film 
One ..... eek 001\ thru Sun 582-1090 LA PALOMA 

(across the street from the fire station 
3 blocks south of State College) 

PACIFIC COAST HY.· 
ENCINITAS 

753-3955 

1973-74 SEASON 

UCSD THEATRE announces the opening of Season Subscription 
sal~s . Last year several theatre goers were dissappointed by Sold Out 
notices ~r 0 ur productions, so we invite you to take advantage of this 
opp?rt~nlty to buy a Season Subscription . Assure yourself a seat in 
OLK rntlmate 200-seat theatre . Buy tickets now. 

GENERAL ADMISSION SEASON TICKET - $7.50 
STUDENT SEASON TIC~ - ONLY $3 .75 

* 4 plays for the price of 3 * 

THE SKIN OF OUR TEETH by Thornton Wilder 
Directed by Arthur Wagner 
November9- 11 and 15- 18 

2 BLOOD WEDDING by Federico Garcia Lorca 
Directed by Michael Addison 

3 

4 

February 22-24, 28 and March 1 -3 

TARTUFFE by Moliere 
Featurrng ErIC ChrIstmas as Tartuffe 
April 19 -21 and 25 -28 

1)0 PLACE TO BE SOMEBODY by Cha rles Gordone 
)jrected by Floyd Gaffney 
V1ay 24-26 , 30, 31 and June 1,2 

--------------
-------------------

Dramc Department - 203 Matthews Campus 
UCSD lHEATRE SEASON TICKET ORDER • 1973-74 
Name. ________________ Phone ______ _ 

Address ________________ City ______ _ 

Subscription TIcket Order : -= __ ~------~------­
No. Student TIckets @ $3.75 __ Arnount enclosed $~==-:-:=~ __ 
No . General TIckets @ $7.50 __ Checks payable to UC REGENTS 
Circle date of SKIN OF OUR TEETH performance you would like to 
attend : November 9 10 11 15 16 17 18 

Page 8 TriWn Times, 

agony of the Spanish people during those 
years. 

An exhibition of works by artists 
Joel Glassman, Carlos Gutierrez-
Solana and Paul Kos will open to the 
public a t the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art Saturday, Oc-
tober 13 with a Members Preview 
Friday, October 12 from 6:00 to 8:00 
p.m . The exhibition was organized 
by the Musewn and will be on view 
through Wednesday, November 21. 

The three artists included in the 
exhibition all live in the San Fran-
cisco Bay Area and their work 
reflects some of tile new ' develop-
ments occuring in Northern 
California . 

J oel Glassman works in a variety 
of media including videotape, 
collage and with environmental 
pieces. Some of these three-
dimensional works involve the 
combination of fl uorescent light, 
canvas and sound and are often 
designed for a particular space. One 
of these wurks will be c reated for a 
specific gallery in tile Museum. His 
collages involve the selection and 

altering of newspaper and magazine 
illustrations to which he attaches 
small narrative statements. 

Carlos Gutierrez-Solana works in 
a variety of pliable materials that 
are suspended from the ceiling, 
hung on the wall or placed on the 
floor . Many of his materials are 
brilliantly colored and in a number 
of his pieces he incorporates rit}. 
bons, bits of cloth, and plastic beads. 
The materials are organized in 
basically geometric compositions 
and some of the works are large in 
seale. 

Paul Kos works with videotape 
and e nvironmental installations 
involving a combination of objects, 
light and sound. A piece of this type 
included in tile exhibition contains a 
constantly repeated tape recording 
of a march rhythm in a space whose 
floor is divided in such a way that 
one is led to walk with the beat. 
Videotapes by both Glassman and 
Kos will b on view throug hout the 
exhibition. 

DelaO 01 a work by Paul KOIJ 

n Concert 
IVIII.' ... ·. 3459 Imperial Avenue, Lemon 

Grove, will nrp ....... ~r Southern California organist 
Bill Thomson in of theatre organ music 
Saturday, October 00 p.m . 

Bill's concert performances on pipe 
organs at Grace Wannamaker Organ in 
Philadelphia, the in Pasadena, the San 
Diego Fox and for the Detroit Theatre 
Organ and of the Downer's Grove 
Organ in Llll~dl'U. 

Bill has an pytl,.·iv~:tp teaching career, traveling 
to San work has caused him to 
curtail some Two books on improvising 
have been and are some of the 
" tools" he privately as well as classes 
and tJ'>I,,,hpr-w'ord. 

Bill's and education has consited of 
private lessons in his early years. 
Then after school he continued his 
education at of Southern California with 
Dr . Irene years Thomson has studied 
classical organ Purvis in San Francisco. 

Bill his concert on the Rodgers 
Trio Organ stage of the music center so 
that the entire have a good view of the artist 
and console, where tiley are seated 

A t press less than 100 tickets. 
Those who wish musical evening witil Bill 
Thomson are reservations by phone (463-
0308) or by mail. are $2.00 each. Also note that 
there will be no or silent movie. 

Don't 

wonderments . 
a fine drawing 
competition is 

So hurry up 
included on the 

Don' t forget. 

isn't?). Only four more big 
. art masterpieces inw the 

for arty young minds. 
submission of those wonderful 
, Tourelle's kindergarden art 
Inspiration for wday's youth it 

is over, time W put away your 
drawing those show aD? tell 

Spencer has already submitted 
that bit his sister and the 

thOSe drawings (name and age 
would be appreciated), to : 

Terpsichore Clark 

Bicycles in La Jolla! Five pristine white Schwinn 
"Breezes" stood unchained outside of Southern California 
First National Bank on Girard and Silverado. 

"The~e white bicycles were put here by the 
La Jolla Rotary Club for your pleasure and 
convenience. Use them for short errands 

around town. 

F IGHT SMOG RIDE A BIKE 

Really'? REALLY? .Just standing here unlocked? 
You've got to he kidding-haven't they been ripped off yet? 

Apparently not. 
1 gleefully mounted. I pedaled my way W a La Jolla 

adventure, despite the " No bicycle riding on sidewalks" 
signs which haunted my passage. I sailed down Girard to 
the Ellen Browning Scripps Park on my very own tem-
porary bicycle. What a splendid way to discover " The 
Jewel! " And a jewel it is-- wonderfully turbulent seagreen 
water crashing upon the sudden ~liffs . 

I spotted a couple--a La Jolla matron and her man--
propelling themselves about the cove. Simply excellent--
to be strong, healthy and retired in La Jolla. 

I flew onward down the coastal· 'Scenie Route", on my 
stunning breezy, brilliant day: A boulder shaped like a 
Polynesian head carving, a photographer, a few ladies of 
La Jolla leisure, a loving dyad, clean sand. dirty sand, and 
kelp. 

Why hadn't I seen these visions on my various previous 
expeditions? Simply! I had never been on a free bike. Cad 
are awkward and discourage exploration. Walking is ' 
time-consuming. The hassles of parking and the 
tiresomeness of pedestrianism are easily remedied by a 
bicycle. 

I doubled back through La Jolla. I bought a fresh 
napoleon at Jurgensen's bakery and tilen, regretfully, 
returned my bike W the rack. I hoped the next knight to 
sally forth upon my steed would be valiant. 

Where to find the origins of these lovelies ! Why, the 
Rotary ClulHlf course! 

Oh happy fate! Today is the date of the Rotary's 
montilly luncheon! Sure enough-there are the Rotarians. 

"Excuse me-do you know anything about the white 
bicycles?" 

" You' ll have w talk to Bob-he's downstairs." 
I waited impatiently for Bob w materialize from the 

depths of the I,totary Club. Bob appeared. 
" It was Dr. CUfford Graves' idea. He gets all tile credit. 

Got the idea in Amsterdan.-they had a project like this 
about ten years ago but they had to abandon it when all the 
bikes disappeared. You know, we've gotten more 
publicity from this bike thing-did you see tile article in the 
La Jolla Light?" 

I hadn't. He produced it, then disappeared. 
Apparently Dr. Graves is a great bicycle fan. At 67, he 

rides twenty bicycle miles a day. Twenty years ago he 
formed the San Diego youth Hostel. Five years ago he 
was given the Milwn Morse award for bringing bicycling 
to the attention of the American people. 

I left the Rotary Club patio. Bicycles ! Unchained 
bicycles! God, there is trust in the world. And it's in La 
Jolla. 

Mel Edison (Van Johnson) receiving news that his 
apartment has been burglarized from wife Edna (Jane A. 
Johnswn) in Neil Simon's " The Prisoner of Second 
Avenue", at Don Wortman 's and Tom Hartzog's Off 
Broadway Theatre, continuing through November 11. 

Frido'y Night 
USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 

75c 

SLEUTH 
rerlce V , " 'I; / )'0 

e vear ) or" rr r(:: 

Soturd0.Y Night 
USB 2722 7:30 

.'1.00 

\\WR MYSTERIr:S 
OF THE ORGANIS\!1 " 

and 
\\TO DIE IN MADRID" 

We are sorry that dlstnbu ors 
cannot deliver "A Sense of Loss' 

Watc h for It next quarter. 

cpb 
UCSD CAMPUS 

PROGRAM BOARD 
Presents 

Jam'es Cunningham 
and 

Acme Dance Compan,y 
Saturday October' 13, 1973 

8:00 PM UCSD Gym 

1.50 ... Lie "'1) 'Itudenu 
General Adn~' sian 

Page 9 Triton Time , OctDber 12, 1973 



Dick Glass in Concert American Film Theatre Series 
The Church of Scientology is sponsoring a 

concert, Octoter 13, "Shoulder to Shoulder" 
featuring 12-slring guitarist Dick Glass. 

Dick Glass lay be familiar to many people 
in association vith gigs he played on tour with 
such notables as Jimi Hendrix, J~is .Jopli~ 
Jim Morrison and The Doors, SteVIe WmwOod 
and Donovan. In fact, he was the inspiration 

for Donovan 's hit single " Hurdy-Gurdy 
Man." 

Dick Glass currently has an LP out, The 
Eloquent Elephant on Capital R~c?rds . . 

The concert will be held at 926 C Street m 
San Diego, and commences at 8:00 P,M. 
Tickets are available at the door. For more . 
information, call 239-8008. 

Eight 
fantastic 

subscription 
'fUcks. 

All of the major trends in mod rn drama, 
from Eugene 0' eill and Anton Chekhov to 
Edward Albee and Harold Pinter, a re 
represented in the Premiere Scason of The 
American Film Theatre, which will pl'esent 
motion picture ver:>ions of eight famous plays 
in more than 400 cOlTUllunities in the United 
States and Canada this fall . The !'ies hould 
be of s pecial interes t to college and university 
students, who rarely have an opportunity to 
see professional theatre on a regular, 
sustained basis. 

K.-+.THA.R1NE HEPBURN 
A"-L.IL SCOFlEill 

lEE REMICK 
KATE REID 

.JOSEPH COTTEN 
BETSY BWR 

--.. --EI)IIARD Al..BEE'S 

d'Ff?~ 
HUGHGRJ FF1TH 
--.. --JOHN OSBORNE'S 

ZERO fo'QSfEL 
GENEWlLDER 

N'tD Kf.REN BlKK __ r.-
ELlGENE IONESCOS 

BROCK PETERS 
Mfl.&. oYalRE 

RAYfo'£lND srJK:CUES 
- .. -KURT WEIll. G 

M.A.XWEll ANDERSONS 

lEE MARVIN 
FI<EDRIC MARCH 

ROBERT RYN't 
JEFF BRIDGES 

BRADfORD D1UJ>\AN 
.. 

EUGENE ONE/u.s 

--,..,.".. Dft(TID1f'I'--
JOHN fRANKENHEIMER 

Eugene O'Neill's austere realism 
dominates The American Film Theatre 
production of "The Iceman Cometh," 
starring Lee Marvin, Fredric March, Robert 
Ryan , Jeff Bridges and Bradford Dillman, 
under the direction of John Frankenheimer. 
Eugene lonesco's " theatre of the absurd" is 
typified by the filmiza tion of hi s 
"Rhinoceros." directed by Tom O'Horgan 
with Zero Mostel. Gene Wilder and Karen 
Black heading the cast. 

Anton Chekhov's lassic tragedy of at-
trition , " Three Sisters," is being presented by 
The American Film Theatre in a filmed 
production by The National Theatre Company 
of Great Britain, featuring Alan Bates, Joan 
Plowrlght and Laurence Olivier, who also 
directed. John Osbome, the most famous of 
England's " Angry Young Men" school of 
writers, is represented by " Luther," starring 
Stacy Keach and directed by Guy Green. 

Two of the most inAuential dramatists of 
r cent years, America's Edward Albee and 
England 's Harold Pinter, have contributed 
plays to The American Film. Theatre's first 
season. Albee drama of tangled relationships, 
"A Delicate Balance," stars Katharine 
Hepburn, Paul Scofield, Lee Remick,Kate 
Reid , Joseph Cotten and Betsy Blair with 
Tony Richardson directing. Pinter's bitterly 

comic "The Homecoming" features Cyril 
Cusack , Ian Holm, Michael Jayston, Terence 
Rigby, Vivien Merchant and Paul Rogers, 
directed by Peter Hall. 

Simon Gray , one of the first important 
stage writers to emerge in the 1970's, joins 
The American Film Theatre season with 
" Butley," a serio-comedy with Alan Bate 
recreating the title role that won him 
Broadway's "Tony" Award. Harold Pinter 
directed. 

The genre of musical drama is repre, ented 
by The American Film Theatre production of 
Kurt Weill and Maxwell Anderson's": Lost In 
The Stars," directed by Daniel Mann . Brock 
Peters, Melba Moore, Raymond St. Jacques 
and Clifton Davis are starred. 

Conceived by Ely A. Landau as th first 
.. ational Theatre-on-Film," The Amcrican 
Film Theatre will present its e ight motio~ 
picture versions of famous plays on a sub-
scription basis at more than 500 theatres . The 
eight-month eason starts October 29 and 

,runs through next May. A different film will 
be shown each month on a consecuti ve 
Monday and Tuesday, in matinee and evening 
performances. 

Students can purchase sea50n subscriptions 
for matinee performances of The American 
Film Theatre for $16, a savings of $8 off the 
regular price. For the convenience of 
department heads who would like to make 
class projects out of The American Film 
Theatre's Premiere Season, order forms are 
available through this newspaper, English 
departments of colleges in or near the 400 
communities participating in The American 
Film Theatre's program, and a t participating 
theatres. 

There ' is no reduced s tudent rate for 
evening performances, which are priced at 
$30 for the season subscription. 

Great plays transformed into 
great new movies by your 
kind of writers, directors, 
stars. 

SPECIAL COLLEGE DISCOUNT 
Seats are limited. Get down to 
the box office (or Ticketron) 
with a check, Eight evenings: 
$30, Eight matinees: $16 for 
students al1d faculty, $24 fnr 
everybody else, 

Classics In ·Review 

One Monday and Tuesday 
a month, October through 
May. Four showings, two 
evenings and two matinees, 
and that's it. 

Starts October 29th and 
October 30th at a local 
popcorr factory (see theatre 
list below). 

~ 
THE AMERICAN 
FIlM THEATRE 

1l5OAw.o(ltw:~s. N.V .• N.Y. 1001 9 
_(212) 48'}-111!20 

lHf,v" RtC"""LIW'I IHlATRl IS ,6,pt;>, SCHlAltONor 
AI'IERICAN EXPRESS FILJIIS. INC. 

AND THE ELY LIINDAU ORGANIZATION. INC. 
INA 1.'.'K)MWITHClNE,.VJ90rnllL tC~N"'DA) 

r - •••••••••••••••• ~ 
• 

HERE'S WHERE YOU GO TO JOIN EXHIBITION DATES • 
THE AMERICAN FILM THEATRE 

• 

l'Iondoys..... T_ySe, ... . 
.... D_ A ... : Oct. 29, 1973 Oct. 30. 197) 

• 
EL CAJON Nov. 12. 197) No • . 13, 197) • 

DK. 10. 1973 Dec. II . 197) 
• 

Parkway J.n. 21. 197~ J.n. 22,1974 . 
LA JOLLA Feb . •. 19U Feb. 5, 1974 

Mo'. II. 1974 Mo,. 12. 1914 • 
• Cove """,18. 1974 " ... p"19. 1914 
• SAN DIEGO Mo~6,1 974 MoY7. 1974 . 

Center Theatres • L ••••••••••••••••••• 
Page 10 Triton Times, October 12, 1973 

CHARLES HYDE 
Only a performance by a chamber group, 

such as the one given by the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra, can hope to approximate 
the surroundings by which Franz Schubert 
(1797-1828) wrote his fifth symphony. 
. The son of a poor schoolmaster, Schubert 

grew up in a family that loved and often 
practiced music. His father would play the 
cello, older brothers Ferdinand and Ignatz 
played the violin and Franz himself would 
play the viola for the Sunday afternoon string 
quartets at his house. As the years went on, 
this little family quartet was augmented, first 
by other string players, and later by per-
formers on other instruments. 

Franz was admitted to the choir of the 
Royal Chapel at age 11, where he received his 
musical training. At "voice breaking" he was 
of no use to the boys chorus, and went to work 
for his father . This lasted only a short time, 
and soon left home for a career in music. He 
composed his first song at 14, three quartets 
a t 15, his first symphony and three more 
quartets at 16. 

His fluency and proficiency thus developed 
quickly and lasted until the end of his short 
life, dying at the age of 31, five years younger 
than Mozart. Among other things, Schubert 
wrote over 600 songs; he is known to have 
written eight in one day and 145 when he was 
18 years old. 

The Fifth Symphony was completed Oc-
tober 3, 1816. It is scored for a very s mall 
orchestra, having one flute, no clarinets, two 
horns ins~ad of four, and no trumpets. 

Although written on commission, certainly 
th smalI family gatherings must have af-

fected his s tyle of writing, and the large or-
chestrial readings, a la Walter Beecham do 
not do the work justice. 

Another fifth symphony followed, but one of 
a completely different nature than the 
Mozart-inspired Schubert. William 
Schuman's (1910- ) . Fifth Symphony was 
written in 1943, and is scored for strings alone. 
Its rhymic pulse and harsh chords, and the 
fact that he does not rely upon folk melodies, 
have given him the - nickname of " the urban 
composer" . 

The soloists for the evening were Linda 
Wood, harp , and Frederick Baker flute. They 
l0ined forces for the Ravel introduction and 
Allegro and the Mozart Concerto for Flute 
and Harp. 

Maurice Ravel 's (1875-1937) Introduction 
and Allegro was originally scored for flute, 
harp, clarinet, and string quartet. It was 
performed with the whole string body Friday 
night; perhaps a compromise by a reduction 
of the string body would have allowed the 
textures to come through more clearly. 

The performance was very good, for this is 
a very difficult work for all parts. The harp 
part is solo in scope, and it was performed 
nicely in that capacity. 

The concert closed with the Mozart Con-
certo for Flute and Harp, This is not; un-
fortunately, Mozart at his mlEt inspired best. 
The harpist continued her fine work, which 
was matched by a beautiful flute tone. 

The concerto overall, however, is one that 
needs a brilliant and highly cohesive per-
formance to be successful , This was un" 
fortunately not given by the orchestra , 

The government can't buy it, Louie •••• 

Biologists Face 
Unemployment 

A recent survey by the American Institute comparatively y.oung, and further expansion 
of Biological Sciences (AIBS) shows that of department~ IS exp~ted to be slo~ . 
biologists are facing alarmingly increased Both the NatIOnal SCience FoundatIOn 
levels of unemployment, and trends indica te th~ Labor Department have been 
that the situation won' t improve in this this "oversupply" of Life SCientISts for 
decade according to an article in Sci en e. last three years. 

, This is based on patterns of incl'easing 
The rate of unemployment a~1On.g enrollments (biology is now the largest un-~iolog ists may now be ~s high as 6% whIch IS dergraduate major at many leading 

In excess of the natIOnal average u~e~n- universities) coupled with a shortage of 
ploYlnt'nt ra teo . By eontras t , physlclal Gover nment funding for biological research. 
'~Ientl ts and engmeer:>, whose ell1ploYI~1Cnt The high student nrollment n'flecls 
llDeS in th~ latc r~'s wer~ much publiCized, growing cone'ern over the problems of health 
ar" now In n:latlvply. high demand, and car, nutrition , Inereased food proouction, 
unemployment In those fll'lds ha:> falIl'rI bclow and em ironmcntal protectIOn; and mdi(,:ltt s 
1 di~en('hantlllent With the J>hy:;Il'a1 

II\(' A\BS SlIl'VC\ 'would Sl't'lIl to mdicHte technologi's \\ hlch have he('ollll' assoclllted 
Ibruptly dctcrioratin\l POSition fOI \Iith war and l'Il\'lronlllental degradatIOn. 

01< ogie:!1 . <'icnl'cs," tll'l'OI din~ to Bett} Till' nped for more scientists in the life-
i ptlLr, Iwad of 1(' Scirntiflt' ,\1anpOI\ er ccntered fields rel11cllns \'ery high. but the 
C nllJl ission in Washington. The situation IS dcnmnd for thell' serviccs, based on what the 
e:ql 'eled to bc e 'peCiall} bad in institutions of government is willing to support, i' likely to 
highcr education, wh re 60 percent of remain in doubt "as long as the Ad-
bilogis ts are employed, because tenured ministrativn persists in its ti ght-fisted 
faculty in the bilogical sciences are now dome stic policies. " 

For Minority Students 
An all-day seminar to aquaint high-school 

and undergraduate minority students with 
careers in m dicine will be held tomorrow, 
Saturday, Oct. 13, at the UCSD Medical 
School. The conference will begin at 9:00 a,m. 
with registration in the lobby of the Basic 
Science Building of the medical school. 

hand to meet with students and answer any 
questions. They will explain their various 
fields and what educational prepara tion is 
necessary to enter each career area. 

There will be an explanation of available 
learning and tutorial ser~ices and testing 
procedures plus tours of the medical school. 
Some of the School's current medical students 

The meeting is free and open to all area wiII be present to discuss medical training 
minority students who are interested in from the student's viewpoint. 
learning more about careers in medicine and The conference will conclude at 4:00 p.m. A 
how to prepare for them educat'ionally. free luncheon is included in the day 's ac-

Representatives from medical school and tivities. Those desiring further information 
various medical profession specialties, as should contact the Office of Minority 
well as the admissions department, will be on Recruitment at 453-2000 x-1923. 

Psychic Researchers From 
UCLA Will Speak Here 

Two UCLA scientists in-
vestiga tin g psychic 
phenomena will be at UCSD 
on Saturday, Oct. 20, to talk 
about their work and related 
research. Barry Taff and 
Kendall Johnson, research 
associates on the staff of 
noted parapsychologist 
Thelma Moss, will present a 
one-day program under the 
UCSD Extension entitled 
" Matter, Energy, and 
Mind." There is a fee of 11 
for thc I>rogram, which IliII 
begin at 0:00 a.m. and end at 
5:00 p.m. In Boom 2100 of the 
Basic SCience Ruilding at til\' 
UeST) Medical School 
Enrollment ilia I be llIarlt' 
l'lther In ael\·aricl!, by con-
tacting tlie E. tcn:ion Office, 
or at Ule door. 

Taff is a physiological 
psychologist studying a 
num ber of what al'e no\\' 
known as 'electrodynamic 
phenomena ' including 

telepathy, clairvoyance, 
people's effects on plants, 
and the energy flow within 
the acupuncture system. 
Johnson is the principa 1 
developer of radiation field 
photography in the United 
States. 

In their program next 
Sa turday they Will give 
demonstrations of psychic 
(or "PSI", training 
techniques, machines used 
to locat acupuncture point., 
on the bod\'. a nel iOn 
genl'rator rl \in's userl In 
obs n 'Cltion of th W[ll" 
V;IIWlIS nerb~ forms affect 
our bache. 

,\ Iso, films will be hO\I n 
fl'atunng the p.} ~h{)km tic 
(II Inri moving lIIC1ttcr 
abilltll'S Hussian • 'lOa 
Kulagina, and Alan Watts' 
representa tions of "The 
Flow of Zen." 

A revitalization of interest 
in such things as 

psychokinetic feats and 
clairvoyance took place in 
the West after publication of 
the book Psychic 
Discoveries Behind the Iron 
Curtain in 1970. Soviet 
scientists have been doing 
research on this type of 
phenomena for nearly forty 
years, and have had 
adequate support from their 
government sinee the early 
1960·s. 

,\ !though Discol erIes, 
II ntte 1 hI Sheila Ostrand"r 
an,1 r pn • ·t roeder, IS 
lonsld I'ed b\ Taff and I an~ 
other l ientl t 0 han 

en:ational d. pel ." III 
gl\ C t le book lIlaJor 'dl 
for iJ'11J ling no 
Amcl'l( an and II orld\\ HIe 
Intt'rec;t III p chiC 
phcnolllcl,a. 

hl"centl), rcfincmenb 1II 
instrumentation, pI01leered 

Con"t page 15 

The UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
is having 

A Big Pre-Holiday Book Sale 
-

... -

--Come see our assortment of beautiful gift books 
• at savIngs of 20% to 50% 

Titles in every field of interest 

Cookery 
Cinema 
Gardening 

Art 
History 
Literature 

Crafts 
Ships 
Architecture 

.... -------------etc ••• etc ••• etc ••• ------~-..... 
lIthe 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

1360 
8 .1.m.-4:10 p.m" Mon,-hi. Clo~('{1 ill. 

Now is the time to buy gifts for ever on 
on your list and , • BANKAMERICARD /1 

J 

Pel I I o( b r 12, 1 . 



The "omens in· 
tercollegiate swim ming 
season Is now under way. 
Coach Gat y Becker has 30 
girls out for the team and is 
looking fol'ward to a good 
season. Some of the girls 
have already competed in 
the SClAC Relays (don't ask 
me what the initials stand 
for). Swimmjng for times not 
places, Coach Becker felt 
they did real well. 

Anyway, on to the real 
purpose of this story, the 
first hol':'e meet is coming up 
fast. It will be Friday, Oc· 
tober 12 at 4:00 p.m. in the 
one and only UCSD 

Natonum·If you enjoy seeing 
beautiful bodies churning 
their way gracefully through 
the water then show up on 
Friday, they can use your 
support. 

A YH Sponsors 
Fiesta Island 
Bicycle Races 

All you· two-wheel, anti-
motorization fans are in for a 
treat this weekend_ The 
American Youth Hostels, in 
cooperation with the Mission 
Bay Associates, is spon-
soring the Second Mission 
Bay Criterium, Sunday from 
8 a .m. on through the day. 

The program will be 
hig",ighted by races for both 
the licensed and non-licensed 
bicyclists. The public portion 
of the program is open to all 
who are interested in par-
ticipating in bicycle racing. 

The course WIll not be 
hard, but contestants are 
warned that it is a controlled 
access track with one tight 
corner and some stretches of 
rough pavement. 

Entry fees are minimal, 
only 50t for boys and girls (18 
and under) and $1 for men 
and women. The fees may be 
paid at the race, when you 

register . The fees are 
necessary due to the fact 
that prizes will be awarded 
after the veterans race. 

The ABL of A sanctioned 
events will include classes 
from Midget, the first race at 
8 a _me, to the highlight event 
of the day, the Senior A and 
B race, spanning 50 miles, at 
9 a.m. 

For more information 
about starting times and 
classes, contact the A YH 
office at 239-2644. Get out and 
compete or if you don' t feel 
like getting run over by 
thousands of bicyc lists, go 
out and watch. 

Phone 
(714) 280-3483 

o 

SPORTS UNTITLED II 
Water Polo Team 

Wins Tournament 
To those of you wondering 

why the swimming pool is 
not open during the af-
ternoon for recreational 
SWimming there is a reason. 
The UCSD Water Polo team 
spends a couple hours every 
afternoon sharpening their 
skills to take on other water 
polo powerhouses as 
Whittier, Loyola and Cal 
Tech_ 

This year's UCSD team is 
very young, 13 of the 17 
players are freshmen and at 
least 5 and sometimes 6 of 
the starters are freshmen. 

Even with this relative 
inexperience (youth ) the 
Triton polo players got off to 
a real fast start as they 
swept three games in ,win-
ning the Loyola Tournament. 
The good guys (thats UCSD 
for all you new freshmen) 
scored 35 goals in the three 
games while defeating 
Loyola, Chapman and Cal 
Tech. 

Three days later UCSD 
took on San Diego State here 
at the UCSD Natorium. 
Unfortunately SDS is one of 
the better teams in 
California and therefore the 
nation. 

Tournament this weekend 
and a home game the 
following Saturday at 3:00 
p.m. against Fresno State. 
Come on out and show your 
support for the biggest fall 
intercollegiate sport. 

As was mentioned earlier 
this year's water polo team 
is a young and relatively 
inexperienced team. Five 
freshman are in the starting 
lineup, and there are only 4 
non-freshmen on the team .. 

Starters include Mike 
Norris, a junior, and fresh-
men Gary Smith, Corky 
Hull, Dave Depuy, Dennis 
Thomas, and John Norris 
(Little Pixie?). The goalie 
position has been shared by 
soohmore Paul Bogseth and 
freshman Dave Christopher. 

Con 't page 14 

Volleyball Team 
Looks Forward 
To Good Year 

UCSD holds a distinct 
position among all other 
cam puses in the nation. No, 
not the fact it has more pre-
med maj ors then the rest of 
the world combined or the 
dishear tening lack of a well-
known fraternity and a 
student body cabinet to go 
right along with it. No, 
thinking here was more on 
the nature 01- sports and 
athletic endeavors. The truth 
is that this proud campus of 
ours fields more in-
tercollegiate tearns than any 
other school in the country 
(28) . In spite of ·this glowing 
achievement no one knows 
about this fine athletic 
department simply because 
of the lack of college's 
number one pasttime -
football (and a stadium and 
cheerleaders and a man (or 
woman) dressed up as a 
Triton parading around with 
a trident and a 30,000 strong 
at every game and a cross-
town rivalry and after (or 
during) football game 
fia.scos (fights) and all other 
various and sundary other 
detai Is that go hand in hand 
with college football - or 
utopia as students of USC 
term the sport).\ 

Not many schools achieve 
a reputation on merely 
academic quality . People 
have heard of USC because 
of their football team, UCLA 
because of the basketball 
team , Arizona State because 
of their baseball team and 

Sailing Team 

even CalTech is famous 
more for their football • or 
rather,la-'~ of - their football 
team ther .mything else. On 
the other hand , few have , 
heard of UCSD despite the 
efforts of the fenci ng (27) 
successive victories without 
a defeat) or women's 
basket ball team • a legend in 
its own right. 

Looking at things from 
another angle, few have 
heard of UCSD because of its 
Chemistry Department, Ml 
St. Vincent College because 
of its Biology Department, 
Utah State because of its 
Geology department or 
Notre Dame because of its 
fine Geophysics program. 
Many students are becoming 
disenchanted with the 
constant "UCSD, that's a 
pretty big place and it sure 
has lots of neat parties" or 
"Ya, I know the place, a lot 
my friends go there. I saw 
one of them at the CAL State 
Long Beach basketball game 
the other day". These 
students are longing for a 
solution, an answer , some 
concrete activity to put the 
name of these hallowed halls 
on more than the San Diego 
map. 

The thought sti 11 prevails 
that perhaps UCSD can 
achieve recognition through 
athletic means WITIIOUT 
resorting to the typical, 
conformist idea of initiating 
football (oh how gaucho! ). 

Perhaps the answer lies 

somewhere in tht! direction 
of a new sport. That's it. Let 
our school be the prime 
mover in the introduction of 
a new sport across this great 
country of ours. The sport 
should be eolorful, appeal to 
the masses (in order to 
encourage alumni support, 
of course), have a certain 
amount of risk involved with 
some of this risk being 
visualized in pools of real 
blood or broken bones, which 
everyone likes to see_ The 
most important aspect of the 
new sport must be its 
identifiable characteristics. 
All specators must feel that 
life is being played out 
before their very eyes. That 
they can experience the 
thrills and chills, successes 
and defeats, heartbreak and 
emotional wanderlust of 
their favorite competitor. 

In other words the Tritons 
were overmatched. Taking 
all this into consideration, 
our boys played rather well, 
but unfortunately couldn't 
put the ball in the net as often 
as State did . 

A meeting has been set for 
Thursday, in the PE 
Classroom, for those who 
conceive themselves as 
future Olympic volleyball 
players. This meeting 
concerns the UCSD in-
tercollegiate team which for 
the past two years has 
wallowed in its failures . 

Takes to Water 

There is a lack of sports 
which fulfill all the above 
specifications and which 
are still practical. The 
athletic department is still 
searching for the proper 
alternative, the sport WTth 
that certain something, but 
just can't seem to 
materialize a solution. It's 
latest venture - badminton -
while having many positive 
aspects in its own regard, 
just doesn 't seem.to have the 
appropria te visciousness 
and savage characteristics. 
History has provided other 
answers in throwin g 
Christians to the lions, or 
cannibalism , however, the 
law isn't as permissive in 
today 's dictatorial state as it 
once was in older 
democracies . 

The answer to our 
dilemma is so obvious people 
have overlooked it for years. 
There is a certain sport that 
has a II the required details -
visciousness, mass appeal, 
and downright good COlll-
petition_ The next UCSD 
sport could well be in-
tercollegiate roller derby. 

Next day the Tritions got 
back on the winning track as 
they womped on Whittier 
(Nixon 's alma mater ) by the 
score of 25-3 . 

Last weekend the team 
travelled to Fullerton for the 
Chapman College Tour-
nament. After playing 5 
games in the previous six 
days the team suffered a 
slight letdown losing to Cal 
State Northridge and then 
suffering a double overtime, 
sudden death loss to Loyola. 
The team didn't play up to 
their capabilities in this 
tournament and as a result 
their record fell to 4-3. 

Wednesday the Tritons 
were due to travel to Oc-
cidental for a game. Results 
were not known at the time 
this article was written. 

Future events for the 
Tritons include the Cal Tech 

I Caj n Ivd 

This year, as every year, 
the team is supposedJy a 
winner . The coach , Jeff 
Gorell, with a year's ex· 
perience under his belt, is 
sure to work this potential 
into a cohesive unit. 

The talented players the 
Tritons will exhibit are 
newcomers Steve Baldwin, a 
setter, Pete ooteboom (the 
spelling of which we are not 
sure), Bruce Cazden and 
John Grill, a II cr ushing 
spikers. 

Returning from last year's 
starting lineup are a lone 
setter, Larry Baldwin, and 
back-row specialist George 
Yamashita . 

Other hopefuls include 
Tom Evans, Randy 
Nooteboom (they are 
related, if you were won-

Qm't page 14 

Off we go into the wild blue 
yonder. ' .. " or something 
like that. This is to announce 
tha t the famously illustrious 
UCSD Sailing Team will 
once again grace the waters 
of the California coast. 

This year promises to be a 
most sucessful season, with 
many new faces gracing the 
scene at the first meeting. 

The first practice session 
will take place tomorrow at 
the very early hour of 10 
a .m., at none other than the' 
old stomping grounds of the 
team, the Santa Clara Point 
Sailing Facility. 

A few changes, besides a 
lot of new faces, have been 
made, including the use of 
practice sessions, raCing 
seminars and weekly 
eliminations to select the 
skippers for the up coming 
regattas. 

This is a new twist, in that 
:ast year only one 
elimination session was held, 
and it determined the 

F&F 
Automotive 
Repairs 
vw & Domestic 

Complete Foreign 
Car Service 

20 % off/ ludent 
San 0, alifornia 

skipper standings (or the 
whole year. 

The seminars and practice 
sessions were insti tuted this 
year so as to give even the 
least experienced skippers a 
good chance to place in the 
races and represent the 
team in competition. This 
way, the team will also be 
able to produce many good 
skippers with a great deal of 
experience. 

Most of the regattas are 
held locally, usually ' i n the 
San Diego-Newport area, but 
will range as far to the north 
as San Francisco. 

The first team 
eliminations have been 
tentatively scheduled for 
October 26-21, but the con-
firmed date will be known 
tomorrow. 

If there are any questions 
about the team, or any 

f1icts with other plans, 
contact one of the following 
people: Ramsey Su a't 222-
2205 , Dick Davis at 483-6470, 
Mike Shear at 21tl-1898 or 
Gary Lee at 453.0607. 

Any of you who have seen 
Ronnie ' " Psycho" Rains or 
Dick Lane - who rivals 
Howard Cossell in hi s 
creative verbalizing - in 
action can't deny the crowd 
appeal. Everyone is familiar 
with the numerous broken 
backs and sprained ankles of 
roller derby causes. What 
more can we look for in a 
sport? Who can deny the 
popularity? (Eve ryone 
roller skated as a kid - didn 't 
they ? ) 

The answer, therefore is 
plain. Roller derby should be 
incorporated as a new sport. 
The potential is amazin!! 
This would achieve instant 
recognition. Besides, rumor 
has it that T-birds Danny 
Riley would consider a 
coaching offer. 

Ie Basketballers 
Start Team Tryouts 

Are you another victim of 
Basketball Jones? Do you 
need someone to set a pick 
for you at the freethrow line 
of Jif ? Hang in there, 
brother , Help is on the way! 
Th UCSD intercollegiate 
basketball teams start 
pra tieing Monday, October 
15. 

Anyone and everyon IS 
n uraged to come out for 

dth r th vnrsity or th ' 
junior varsity u-arn . Frcs!}. 
lIl!'n ' II r 's your rhnoc'e t 

MondHY Ihroll~h Frida , 
thl varlilly will pl'aC'tIC'(' in 
till' 1II.lill I \ 1JI I row I IlII tn 
Ii 30 m!ier Ill(' IIlff-r tum of 

Coach Reeves . Next door , in 
the new gym , Coach Carter 
will handJe the junior varsity 
practices from 5: 30 to 7: 00. 
These workouts are in 
preparation for the first of ~ 
big games to be held in the 
main gym Wednesday, 
November 14 at 8:00 p.m. 
The terrific Tritons will take 
on a national team, Athletes 
111 A tion. 

So, if you have ever 
nspir d to b ' anothcr Bill 
Husscll or Tvrone Sho 'laces, 
,'I~n liP for a 'l-a m in til(' g '01 
offll'c ,lIld shll", lip 101 
pI,ldle 

On A Saturday Af ternoon 
Last Saturday a game 

between the Campus Police 
and the Muir HA's provided 
fun for all those playing and 
laughs for all that spectated. 

During this rough and 
tumble fun Muir Charles 
Nash slammed foor home 
runs . He also gave Chief 
Hugh French quite a shot 
when he bowled him over at 
home plate . This was not the 
extent of Charles' savagery 
as he also ran over team-
mate Dan Virone while 
flagging down a fly ball. 

The big disappointment of 
the game came when Cleo 
Malone, Muir Resident 
Dean, failed to hit a home 
run. A measly triple was all 
he could manage. 

On the other side of the 
fence were the heroics of our 
own Campus Fuzz. They 
managed to score 17 runs 
with the aid of Assistant 
Chancellor David Ryer. 

The Assistant Chancellor 
arrived at the game dressed 
a:;; Teddy Roosevelt carrying 

gull 
flight 
sch 

a lacrosse stick, ' which he 
utilized to its full extent as he 
tried to push the police to a 
victory. 

Varied highlights 
throughout the game in-
cluded policewoman Lynn 
Grant being hit in the shins 
with the ball. James Macon 
during the course of the 
game finally grasped the art 
of catching the ball . Dick 
Gregory did his normal 
spectacular job in left field. 

Contrary to popular 
opinion the police do have 
friends. They were out in 
force and could be heard 
cheering at the Revelle 
Provost Office. But in the 
end it was the good guys over 
the guys who enforce the 
good - 18-17 . 

Everyone talks of bridging 
the gap between the people 
and the police but little is 
done about it. This is a very 
positive move and shows us 
that pOlice are human 
beings_ 

sa •• ul • GaRRaRD. 
12" WOOF.R. 
SANS~I + GARRARD + 12" WOOFl!RS. We feat~re. in limited quantity, 
Sansul s 210 super powerful AM-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
muhi-speaker air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters & ~ year ){uaran-
tee. Garrard's professional series changer with diamond needle & cantidge. 
List $320. Now $22 ~ . Lo Dn. EZ terms, or trade-ins. Only ' 228 COMPLETE 

we~~~~ys 0 *0 §~~NI~J~~Rv~~~~2 0*0 Sat. & Sun. 10 - 6 

PINK CHABLIS 
OF CALlFOR.NIr\ 

Mm '~Qn Q Rosl, our Pink ChabliS IS a capliuli!1 
• w comb'"'"g Iht dtllcalt {ragran t of a supmo, RC!i 
rJ fhl crisp h~,acltr of a {int Chablrs Th,s Wlnt ~ IJII 
i CkI nwsl dtllghl(ul ertal,on; Mudt and &c/lltd .J lit 

(A:~ V'"tyQrJ, " Modtslo. (alII .II/cono/ 12% III 

TIME 
Magazine 
reports: 

4 Gallo' Pink Chabli 
recently triumphed 
over ten co tlier 
competit r in a blind 
ta ting among a 
panel of win -indu try 
executive 
in Lo . 

MOli thn 

Pa~e 13 Triton Tim 

Ro 



, 

honorable one 
preferabl~ to the 
degradatiCIn of most male-
female 8eJiual relationships. 
But it is on ' y when we accept 
the idea of celibacy com-
pletely that we will ever be 
able to liberate ourselves. 

Until we accept it com-
pletely, until we say "I 
contrd my own body and I 
don't need any insolent male 
with an overbearing 

presumptuo~ prick to come 
and clean out my pipes" .they 
will always have over ~ the 
devastating threat of wi th-
drawing their sexual at-
tentions, and worse, the 
threat of our ceasing even to 
be sexually attractive. 

And that devastating 
rejection is absolu~ely 
inevitable. If you are senous 
and men realize it they will 
cease being attracted to you. 

If you don't play the game, 
'the role, you are not a 
woman and they will NOT be 
attracted. You will be 
sexless, and worse, un-
natural and threatening. 

You will be feared and 
despised and viciously 
maligned, all by men you 
know perfectly well you 
could charm utterly and 
wrap around your finger just 
by falling into th~ female 
role, even by men who have 
worshipped you in the past 

How is that possible? 
Obviously, because they 
never were worshipping you. 
That's the bitter truth, and 
you'd better catch on now. 

Whenever they're nice to 
us, it isn't ~ they're being 
nice to but their own solip-
sistic creations, the versions 
of us they manufacture for 
their own amusement and 
pleasure and purposes. How 
presumptuous it is of us to 
accept the love and ad-
miration, to crave it even, as 
if it were meant for us ! 

It's their female ideal they 
adore and they will be 
resentful and angry if you 
mar that image and will turn 
against you to a man if )- , . 
try to destroy it. 

Unless you accept the idea 
that you don't need them, 
don't need sex from them, it 
will be utterly impossible for 
you to carrr through, it will 

- . !AND 
~PENING 

debb;} 
deb~ 
debl1rf 

clothing c oUt ing cloth i"g 

in La Jolla 
7486la Jolla Blvd. 

Corner of 
L.J. Blvd. 
and Pearl 

Also in Del Mar 
1412 Camino 

Del Mar 

be absolutely necessary to 
lead a double life, pretending 
with men to be something 
other than what you know 
you are. The strain of this 
would be unimaginable and 
could end in any number of 

disastr~ ways. 

or certairuy under the first 
such look from a man we 
love and admire. 

tmrmately, of course, we 
will cease to love and admire 
such men. We will have 
contempt for men who show 
that they cannot love us for 
ourselves, men whose egos 
demand and require 
falsehoods. 

You who have had such 
heady power to charm and 
arouse and win men's total 
admiration and respect, 
must be wiling to give it up. 
You must be wi lIing that 
they cease to be attracted to 
you, even find you repulsive, 
that they cease to respect 
you, even despise you, that 
they cease to admire you, 
even find you unnatural and 
warped and perverted 
sexually. 

These men who were so 
tenderly protective will try 
to destroy you, to stab you in 
the back, to ~e any un-
derhanded means to get 
back at you for posing this 
threat to them. You have 
done them the incalculable 
offense of not deferring to 
their sex, of daring to be 
yourself (putting your needs 
ahead of his), of stepping out 
of your role, of rejecting the 
phoney sexual dif-
ferentiations that make each 
of them feel like a man. 

If you don't act like a 
woman he doesn ' t see 
himself as a man, since his 
sexual identity depends on 
the differences, and so he 
feels actually castrated. 
Expect no love, no desire, no 
mercy from this man. 

You have to be prepared, 
then, to be not just unat-
tractive but actually 
sexually repulsive to most 
men, perhaps including al\ 
the men you currently ad-
mire. 

We've spent many years 
learning to be appealing to 
men to all men, whether we 
are ~pecifically interested in 
them or not. We dress, we 
walk, we laugh, we talk, we 
move our hands and our 
heads, we sit, we speak, all 
in a way carefully cultivated 
to be feminine and char-
ming. 

We need to be thought 
charrning and appealing 
even by men who bore us or 
repulse us, by strangers who 
may be trying to pick us up ; 
we have a horror of ap-
pearing vulgar and repulsive 
even to the most nauseating 
creep. The creeps must al\ 
be brushed off gracefully, in 
a way that leaves their egos 
intact and consequently 
leaves them with a friendly 
impression of us. 

It's so important that our 
image be favorable, we are 
willing to put up with the fact 
that it is false, distorted, that 
we are being loved for our 
weaknesses, or for qualities 
we don't have at all, and our 
strengths are denied or 
ridiculed. 

It will be a less friendly 
world but there will be no 
unrequited longing . What 
we're really after is to be 
loved for ourselves and if 
that's impossible, why 
should we care about love at 
all? Friends and enemies 
will be clearly lined up, and 
the friends will be real 
friends and the enemies 
unable to hide phony 
benevolence-nor will we 
have to toady to them. 

An end to this constant 
remaking of ourselves ac-
cording to what the male ego 
demands! Let us be our-
selves and good riddance to 
those who are then repulsed 
by us! 

°From No More Fun and 
Games, No.1 

Hypocrisy 
On pa~e 9 appeared an ad 

for Gallo's Pink Chablis. 
Your ad policy is to accept 

from anyone who is willing to 
pay due to the "precarious 
'financial' position of the 
paper." Compared to the 
treatment of farmworkers in 
this country, that excuse is 
rather poor. 

Peggy Mortimer 
I agree. - Ed. Dir . 

Bus Route 
Dear Editor, 

Reference is made to the 
letter you received from Mr. 
Anthony Otsuka written on 
September 27, 1973. Mr . 
Otsuka suggested an ex-
tension of our Route 5 
"Express' to your campus. 

His suggestion for bus 
service along Genesee 
Avenue to UCSD is ap-
preciated . This type of 
routing is in our present 
" Transit Development Plan 
and Program." We are 
currently working with 
UCSD Staff, and analyzing 
the cost and usage of such a 
route. 

We have many other areas 
of need for public transit. 
Our problem now is to 
establish priorities to 
determine where and when 
we can implement these new 
services . However, funds 
and equipment are not 
immediately available to 
implement this type of route 
- or, for that matter, any new 
route. Perhaps the problem 
will be resolved in the near 
future. If we are going to be 

liberated we must reject the 
false image that makes men 
love us, and this will make 
men cease to love us. 

Please be assured we will 
propose this route as soon as 
possible. 
Yours sincerely, 

Unless w" can accept this T. O. Prior 
we will crumble under the General Manager 
first look of fear and disgust; San Diego Transit Corp. 

New Med 
Course 

SAN DIEGO • The sharp 
increase in the incidence of 
chronic lung disease found in 
San Diego and around the 
country- has prompted 
creation of a study program 
for health professionals who 
care for lung patients in area 
hospitals . 

San Diego's response is a 
" Multidisciplinary Course in 
Respiratory Care;" given 
for registered nurses, 
licensed vocational nurses, 
physical therapists and 
respiratory therapists . 
Participants from nine area 
hospitals completed the first 
twCH)uarter series earlier 
this year, and a second group 
of nurses and therapists take 
up the course this month at 
University Hospital. 

Ultimately, the benefits 
will apply to people with 
emphysema or bronChitis, 
surgical patients who ex-
perience post·opera tive 
respiratory complications, 
and people suffering from 
asthma, cyctic fibrosis or 
pneumonia. And, because 
any patient in a hospital is a 

New 
Rec 

Facilities 
A new color television, two 

pool tables, and a new stereo 
are among the facilities 
available at' the Third 
College Recreation Center 
which opened last week . 

Resident Dean, Eduardo 
Tafoya has extended the 
center's operating hours this 
year. New times are: six to 
eleven p.m. on weeknights 
and noon to ten p .m. on 
weekends . Weekend times 
have been lengthened to 
allow viewing of daytime 
football games during .the 
fall. 

The two story building, 
701MC, is located behind 
Behring Hall, near the Day 
Care Center. 

The lower level of the 
center offers two pool tables, 
a ping pong table, cards and 
an assortment of board 
games. Upstairs there is a 
TV room, sewing room, and 
soundproof piano room. 
Students may sign up to use 
the piano room for regular 
practise · sessiOns, if ·they 
wish. Also upstairs, the shag-
carpeted lounge features a 
stereo and fireplace. 
Students may bring their 
own records for dancing. A 
selection of current 
magazines is also available 
in the lounge. 

Outside, there is a patio 
and barbeque which students 
may use for picnics and 
parties. 

Within the facility are 
seminar rooms capable of 
handling meetings of up to 20 
people. 

Refreshments will soon be 
available from vending 
machines. 

SANSU' QUAD SAVE $60000 
GARRARD SL 9jB TU RNTABLE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle, .Dust 
cover & base. Super powerful SANSUI OR 500 , 4 channel quadraphOniC AN!/ 
FM/MPX receive r. 4 Apollo 600 Ihr ecway air suspension speakers with 12 
woofers , G" midra nge & 3" tweeter. in deluxe walnut enclosures. Speakers 
25 " high ~ 40 pounas each. $1 100 list p rice , Save £600 . Complete or small 
payments . NOW ~9lfD 
O*~3*t9 ~( e) SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*~~'A 
W [FKDAYS . 10- 5219 UNIVERSITY AV E 287-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-6 .... 

potential candidate for 
certain acute respiratory 
problems, the program w!1I 
benefit many others who Will 
undergo hospitalimtion in 
this region of California. 

The recent upsurge of 
chronic respiratory disease 
results from "the combined 
effect of several factors," 
according to Kenneth M. 
Moser professor of medicine 
at the University of 
California , San Diego School 
of Medicine. Among these 
factors are improved tests 
for lung function, increased 
recognition of lung diseases 
by physicians , the effects of 
long-term cigarette smoking 
and possible contributions 
from air pollution . "The 
result is that chronic lung 
disease is now one of the 
leading causes of death and 
disability in the United 
States," he says. 

The design ot the 
multidiSCiplinary course was 
a collaborative effort by the 
Pulmonary Division at 
UCSD, The Lung Association 
of San Diego and Imperial 
Counties and The Regional 
Medical Program. It is of-
fered by the medical school's 
Office of Continuing 
Education, in conjunction 
with UCSD Extension and 
Grossmont College. Prime 
objectives are the 
acquisition by each health 
professional of an overall 
appreciation of lung 
physiology, and of the roles 
of other members of the 
health team. Nurses and 
therapists learn to recognize 
the various forms of 
respiratory abnormalities, 
and emphasis is placed on 
integration of medical 
knowledge, diagnosis and 
treatment; and proficiency 
in evaluating the ef-
fectiveness of treatment 
rendered individual patients. 

Dr. Moser, who as chief of 
the pulmonary division at 
University Hospital directs 
the NIH- funded Specialized 
Center of Research (S<X>R) 
for work here on chronic 
obstructive lung disease, 
says that until recently each 
person providing respiratory 
care possessed only certain 
pieces of information, 
amounting to a limited 
appreciation of the total lung 
function picture and 
resulting in less than totally 
effective cooperation among 
personnel. 

"The multidisciplinary 
course fills in the missing 
parts in each person's 
background," he says, "and 
builds a collaborative spirit 
among staff members 
working on various phases of 
the same problem." , 

First quarter of study in 
the course is devoted to 
physiologic and anatomic 
background in treating 
chronic lung diseases, 
pulmonary infections, the 
acute respiratory syndrome 
(which can occur in both 
infants and adults), recovery 
from anesthesia, and lung 
collapse. 

Mary Margaret Griffith 

Volleyball 
dering) and Eric Raisters, 
as well as a host of in-
tramural players. 

The outlook for this season 
looks tremendous, so come 
out and be a part of this 
potentially fine team. 

Program 
Advisory 
Board 

Have you ever wondered 
how you get to see the 
Tuesday Friday, and 
Saturday movies? Do you 
want to know who picks the 
bands at the rock concerts? 
Well the answer to these and 
other questions is the 
Program Advisory Com-
mittee. 

The Board has eleven sub-
commi ttees that handle 
different branches of en-
tertainment that the board 
handles. They cover films, 
lectures, poetry re~ings, 
public events, dance/drama , 
jazz, folk/bluegrass/country 
music, gym concerts, small 
concerts (noon time con-
certs), chamber music, and 
special events (renaissance 
fair, etc .). Each sub-
committee has five members, 
and anyone can join them. 

If you wanted to hear your 
favorite rock group perlonn, 
you would go to the proper 
sub-cQrnmittee and ask them 
to look into having them 
perform. If they found 
campus interest, and 
thought the plan was 
feasable, then you would be 
on your way to getting a live 
concert of your favorite 
group. 

This is only one of the 
many ways the board ,is 
helping student en· 
tertainment. If you're a 
member of one of the 
projected 40 official clubs, 
your club can ask the board 
for financial aid from them, 
and probably get it. 

One thing the board needs 
is more student involvement. 
There are four vacant seats 
on the board that have to be 
filled by undergraduate 
students. There are a total of 
six undergrad positions, two 
graduate, four faculty and 
two staff positions on the 
board. 

One Of the vacant seats is 
for a Third College 
representitive, to be ap-
pointed by the Third College 
nominating conunittee. The 
other three can be filled by 
any undergrad student from 
the three colleges, to be 
apPOinted by the u~· 
dergraduate student COunCIl. 

The next time you see one 
of those movies, remember 
the board, and let them know 
if you liked it, or even if you 
didn't like it. You can get in 
touch through the Depar t-
ment of Student Activities, 
which is located in Urey Hall 
next to Edna. The board is 
for the students, and they 
can't serve you if they don't 
know what you want. 

Water Polo 
So far this year the Norris 

brothers have provided most 
of the offensive power with 
Mike scoring 13 goals and his 
younger brother John 
scoring 14. The rest of lJJe 
scoring has been fairly well 
balanced among the 
regulars. 

There are quite a few 
home games left on the 
schedule so come on out and 
give a good team the s upport 
it II eds to have a successful 
season. 

your 
thru 

D.RAKOW 

(Low Blows) 
Con't from page 2 

petitions have been answered only by spaghetti. An office, 
whose character Is thus marked by every act which may 
define a colon is unfit to be the feeder of people. 

We therefo~ the representatives of the Revelle Card Hold~rs in gene'ral congress, assembled, appealing to the Suprem~ Judge of the World, Sam Ervin, in the ~ectitude 
of our intentions, do, in the name, and by authoT1~ ci the 
good people of these resident halls solemnly publISh and 
declare, that they are absolved from al! allegiance to the 
Revelle Cafeteria, and that all connection between them 
and the state of hunger, is and ought to be totally 
dissolved ; and thatas free and independent stude~ts, th~y 
have full power to buy, prepare, and eat f<>?d In their 
rooms, and do all other acts and things which hung~y 
students may of right do. And for the support ~f thiS 
declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of 
Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to eaC~,other our 
lives, our fortunes, and our sacred stomachs. 

The fina l chapter. Revelle Cafeteria, April 19, 1974, 
eyewitness account : . . 

" It was about four mmutes before five, I gu~ss. ~y 
roommate and I were eating by that picture. Which PiC-
ture? The big one drawn by an artist who evidently was imp~essed by the food . Anyway, there was this. c~mmotion 
in the middle of the place. This guy was twisting away 
from someone trying to hold him. He jumped, on ~P o~ ~ 
table with a tray offood in his hands . I couldn t beheve It. 
He started screaming, " I'm sick of this --' slop !" 
loud as he could. A few of the workers came a nd tried to 
get him to leave. " Hell no !" he demurred. . 

I guess that's when everyone applauded . I know I did. 
Well then he threw down the tray and jumped off the table 
and ~an from the workers . A lot of people. started booing 
the cafeteria workers for trying to get him. 

I don't know who started it, but soon everyone was 
throwing food at these guys and they retr~ated to .the 
bays. That didn' t stop the people from throwIng s tuff IOtO 
the bays. 

The workers took about all they could, I suppose, then 
they started throwing things back. ~ome guy had ~ good 
idea and turned his table on the Side to c?ve~ hunself. 
Pretty soon everyone had done it and the flghtmg really 
began. 

As soon as the diners had run out of food, they threw 
dishes and trays. But the workers had almost unli.ITllted 
supplies. Still, the diners hung on desperately, and It was 
neck-and-neck for awhile. Then the workers .got.a new 
load of dinner rolls. After a few diners got hit With the 
rolls, the rest decided to sue for peace. They were led 
away peacefully. " 

Editor 's epilogue: . . 
No one ever saw the ~uy who started It agam. Rumor 

has it trnit h'e' was outside talent, hired for the express 
purpose of igniting the Revelle incident. It also has been 
alleged that the students ' reaction to the man ~d be~n 
engineered-thanks to a chemical agent placed In their 
food. 

FINIS 

' I 

Rlurth · College Con't from page 1 

Time Out 
For Recess 

(C PS )--Two politi ca I 
scientists have published a 
study which they say shows 
that political recesses held 
by 40 colleges and uni~er­
sities in 1970, a llOWin g 
students to participate in 
political activities, were 
almost totally ineffective. 

Jack Dennis and Austin 
Ranney of the University of 
Wisco ns in at Madison 
questioned students from 14 
ins titutions that granted 
recesses and 44 that did not . 
The difference between the 
two gr oups of schools in the 
percentage of students who 
invo lv ed themselve 
politically during the 
recesses was only three 
percent (14% from schools 
with recesses, 11 % from 
those without. ) 

Dennis and Ranney say 
this can be accounted for 
simply' by the fact that 
schools which adopted the 
recess plan were genera lly 
" academically selective, 
prestig ious, well-off private 
universities, from which a 
higher rate of s tudent 
politica l participation would 
normally be expected". 

The recesses were granted 

following the Cambodian 
invasion and Kent State 
slayings, and at the time, 
backers of the idea cited 
three major justifications for 
the plan : it would help in 
effectively c hann e llin g 
s tudent outrage into political 
action, it would increase 
student value for th system 
for the changes they wanted, 
and it would selv e as a 
cooling-off period fo r 
students. Only the fin a l 
objective, thaI of providing a 

ooling-off period , was ac-
tually I' alized, according to 
the s tudy . 

The actual result of the 
recesses , the r esearche r s 
bay, was lhat politi c al 
partiCipants actually fe ll 
more negative about the 
American political system. 
and those who par ti cipated 
th e most intensivel y ex· 
perienced the greates t drop 
in approval of the existi ng 
system. 

Therefore, the recesses 
" made only the most 
marginal contribution , if 
any, to increasing student 
parti c ipation in the ]970 
ca mpaigns , " the report 
concluded . 

Psychic Con 't from page 11 
by the Russians, have 
allowed energies s uch as 
those emitted durin g 
telepathy or psychokinesis to 
be measured. 

An article by Taff appears 
in the December issue of the 
magazine 
Unknown, 
<ii~cusses 

Probe the 
in which he 
the parallels 

between bram 'Iunctioning 
and information storage and 
retrieval in holograms, and 
s ugges ts that processes 
a nalogo us to holography 
may soon lead to ~~ ex-
planation of apparitIOnal 
phenomena such ~s ghosts 
and deja vu expenences. 

and not encouraged at Muir. because of 
the loose general education 
requirements. He added that the same 
depth and scope was certainly possible 
at Muir, but that FourlJJ 's plan will tend 
to guide students toward it. 

mittees. but most felt that these only reworking of proposals. 
served to heighten the quality of Dc.dkation 
debate . Van Andel said that decisions . . . 
were by consensus, and that students The most obvIOUS characteris tic of all 
were at all times considered fairly . the Fourth College people the Triton 

Times interviewed was their COlli. 
The members of both conunlttees 

were viewed as "enthusiastic " 
throughout the formulation of the plan. 
although it was indicated that some of 
the faculty members were at times 
irresponsible ~ nonattendi .nlO . The.re 
were, obviously, many different in-
terests and priorities within the COllI-

Saltman termed the four studcnt lIIitment to th project. This is .not a 
lIIembers "!<uperb"; D'Andrade added bunch . of fuddy-duddy IIcadclIlI Ians 
that the students were often able. c ranking out another set (If 
through their present experiences. to requir~me~l<; to s tick s tudents to the 
suggest to the other members what a wall WIth . fhesc: are people who Simply 
('ertain hazy cOlllmittee proposallllight sec a large gap 10 the pr . nt !'itrUCtUfl' 
look like in il<; final. il11ple01 nted forl1l . of UrSD and who a rc dechcatcd totally 
This ability, he said, caused some to filling it. 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-Io·dllte . 16O,plle. 
mail order catalog Enclose $1.00 
to toYer posille (dell.ery t!f11! is 
I to 2 dIIysl. 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BlVO .. SUITE #2 

LOS ANGELES, CALIf. 90025 
(213) 417·~14 or 471-5493 

Our '.Iurch mlttll.1 Illold for 
r'MlfCP'! Inl.tlnct only. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.- al. 
8 :45- 5:30 

10 dun . 
233-5481 

Del Mar Drive In 
Open 6: 3O-Show 

7: 00 
George Segal In 

BLUME IN LOVE 

2nd Color Hit 
THE CANDIDATE 

With 
Robert Redford 

Rated(R) 

RESEARCH 
MATERIAL 
All TOPICS 

ACADEM IC 
RESEAR CH LIBRARY 

OF SAN DIEGO 

2145 El CAJON BLVD . 
SAN DIEGO. CA 92104 

(714)291 -6150 
WE At so PROVIDE OR INAL 
RlS[ARCH ON ANY SUBJECI 

Seminars in Effective 
Decision Making 

A former president of the 
League of Women Voters of 
San Diego is leading a new 
UCSD Extension program 
designed for citizens who 
serve on local governmg 
boards. 

She is Muriel Goldham-
mer , now of the Urban Af-
fair s Staff at Extension. The 
new progra m is a sen es 
ca lled "Sem ina r s in E f-
fective Decision Maki ng." 

Ma jor objecti ves of the 
senuna rs a re to s trengthen 
gov rni ng skills at th local 
le \ c l a nd inc rease 
sa ti s fac tion among the 
peo pl e who serv. on 
reg ul a tory a nd adViso r } 
boa rds . 

" Boardsma ns rup IS hard 
work ," Mrs . Goldhammer 
says. .. It should a lso b 
rewarding. 

The progra lll was 
developed by E xtension in 
cooperation with the San 
Diego Urban Observatory. It 
is s upporlt'd by a grant from 
the United States Civi l 
Service COllUl1i ssion under 
the lnte rgov e rnm ent a I 
Personnel Act of ]970. 

Seminars will meet in San 
Dicgo , Vista. and Chula 
Vis ta locations, October 
through Febr uary . Ea c h 
participant will attend an all-
day seminar, and a half-day 
eva luation . ssion later on. 
Dates of full-day sessions 
this month are Friday. Oct. 
19 and Monday Oct. 29, both 
in Room 2000 of the . an 
Diego Community Con-
course, 202 " C" Street. 

Mrs . Goldhammer is 
recommending that teams 
composed of two board 
members a nd one staff 
person attend to repre ent 
comm unit y planning , 
recrea tion, health and 
welfare. and other agencies 
in city and county gO\'er-
nement. 

More than 2,500 citizcns 
serv on boards and (,Olll-
miss ions in Sa n Di ego 
County. 

S(,flIlna r pil rli('i p;'lIlls will 
l('arn hO\\ to \ \('Igh ( ' 0111-
Ill uni l\ "on('('rn5, s t 
priori ties for a llocation of 
resources. and chfft' renti ah' 

between an actual need for 
more information and a 
conflic t of values held by 
various consti tuencies. 

"Sometimes an issue isn't 
being settled on the theory 
tha t further s tudy is 
necessary when the r eal 
problem is a n unde r lyin g 
di sa g r e m ent about t he 
outcome. In the inter st of 
the ('ommunit) , connicts in 
values must be recognized 
anr! dealt With ." the semmar 
It'ader !<avs. 

.. A Ithoilgh the advisory 
board rnle IS to prOVide well 
thought out recom-
IlIl'ncialions. a fundamental 
dlsagreellll'nt s hould stilI be 
brought to light. becauiie 
ultllnat 'l\ the matter Will 
have to be acted on by an 
appr opriate go\'crning body 
such as the city council or 
board nf sup rvisors ." 

COIIII nu nicalion ski lls will 
a lso I' ceiv major mphasis 
in the seminars. " An ef-
fedive exchange of in-
forma tion among the public, 
boa r d mcrnb rs and 
gove rnment staff people is 
\'ila l to a na lysis of complex 
issu s ." Mrs. Goldhammer 
points out. 

As a League of Wome n 
Vote rs member and offi cer . 
s he d ve loped le ade r s hip 
training and organizational 
programs at the local . s tate 
and nationa l leve ls . Afte r her 
local presidency ( 1961-63) 
she served on the League 's 
SUIte Roard . 

She is a mcmber a nd past 
president of the Board of 
Directors of the Com· 
prehensive Health Plann.ing 
Associa ti on of Imperia 1. 
Riverside, and San Diego 
Counties. Her program at 
Extens ion have included 
" Technology a nd Public 
Policy," and " How to Run a 
l.ocal Politica l Campai l{n." 
Anothe r ('ou r e, tItled 
" l.obbving: The P ine Art of 
Influencing Government. " I. 
scheduled for thl' \\ eekend of 
No\'elll lX' r 17·18 

Hoard 11l1'1ll1X'I'S who are 
inlt'rested in tilC SC'lllInars 
sh(luld trll'phone 45:1-2000. 
('\tension 20111 for a 
hro('hurl' . 

Academy of Psychic Sciences 
4288 Menlo Ave., an Diego 283-2279 

Sd/-/ltlp ("fI'Mg/1 Sd/- /IIIP"".'I.< 
Free lecture every Friday - 7pm 

COLOR PROCESSING BY EMlltWt KOO~ 
SALES· REP"'RS • TRADES 

DISCOUNT PRICES 
~P£c/A LJSTS IN CANON /,UOTO&RI\PUJC SVSr4!M$ 

ON~ 0' TNf. LAIt"ST uucr/ON 0' l>AIIl< _/16M 
, raU'I'1If6NT "'fill> 1..".,'" - •• ~"' I. ' " .. '" 

I 45"';55 I BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
T"lrT fIo,V ~'JE . Ifrft ""tk ~ "i In ~ It ... ) LA. JOI..LA 

Page 15 Triton Tim s, October 12, 1973 



p---~--~~-------.--------~--------~--------.----announcements 
MONDAY 

Mon. Oct l r, 7:30 p.m. 
Inquirers t~ up begins 
for students a d staff who 
want to in"estigate and 
di c us Ch ristian faith 
and life, at University 
Lutheran S1:'1 nt ent r, 
on La Jolla hores Drive 
and orth Torrey Pine 
Road, ju t w t of CSD. 

ampu Pastor John 
Huber wiJI erve as 
speaker and rcsource 
person. All welcome. 
(10/12) 

Th Art History Club is 
presenting two films : 
Antonio Gaudi and The 
Towers (L.A. Watts 
Towers) Mon. Oct. 15, 
7:30 p.m. at International 
Center (10/12) 

TUE DAY 

PRE- MED WOMEN : 
important meeting with 
women doctors , women 
students to discuss 
women in medicine , 
medicine and anything 
else you want. Meet Tues . 
Oct. 16, 7 p.m . Winzer 
Commons. BSB MC. For 
further info. 452-1278 . 
(10/16) 

BLA C K GOSPEL 
CHOIR : meet 7:00 p.m . 
Tues., Winzer Commons 
Lounge BSB 1st ft. , M.C. 
For info. Call Michelle 
453-6635 (ET) 

WED ESDAY 

LAWYER CLUB OF 
SA DIEGO invite you 
to attend O.llr 
WINEFEST! Bring a 
friend . and spouses 
welcom too . Date: Wed., 
Oct. 17, 1973; Time: 5 -
7:30 p.m. Place : Valencia 
Room (upstairs , o. 204) 
Casa del Prado, Balboa 
Park; Donation: $1.50 per 
per on ; Directions : Park 
behind the atura l 
History Museum . The 
Casa del Prado is acros 
the street west of the 
Natural History Museum 
and north of the 
Aerospace Museum . 
(10/9) 

PRE- MED. WOMEN ! 
An Exte nsion course 
taught by a 4th year med, 
student is being offered 
free to all interested pre 
med, women. (pre-med. 
men invited) . Course 
title; " Women and Their 
Bodies". Meets Wed . 

Eves. 7 - 10 p.m . starting 
Wed. Oct. 17 in 4050 USB, 
Revelle . For fur ther info, 
go to th class. (l0/16) 

OLD TIME DANCING & 
MUSIC : Dance squares 
and contras to live music . 
Every Wed. at 8:00 p.m. 
in the new gym con-
feren('e room . All 
welcome. FREE (ET) 
The UC D tud nt Lobby 
will begin meeting again. 
This year their first 
meeting is Wedn sday, 
Oct. 17, at3 :30 in the Muir 
Fishbowl. If you want to 
find out about being a 
legislative intern , or 
about thetax initiative or 
just in general , COME. 
00/16) 
Til R DAY 

The Triton Wargaming 
Society meets this and 
every Thurs . night in 1102 
Tioga Hall , Muir. We 
meet from 6 :30 - 2 
Newcomers welcome . 
(ET) 
FRIDAY 

PRE - MED CLU B 
MEETS Friday , Oct. 12 a t 
8 p .m . in BSB 1105 
<medical school). This is 

the meeting that was 
supposed to happen on 
Wednesday, bu t was 
cha nged. (come and find 
out why !). The club is 
expanding this year with 
many new programs, not 
all just for pre-meds. 
Therp will be a film on the 
u e of lasers in medicine 
as well as guest 
pearkers. Anyone In -

terested in the Health 
Sciences should come . 
Please Come' 10/12) 

"THE TIO AL 
FARMWORKERS 
CO VE TION: Gary 
Brown , A full-lime 
boycott organizer and the 
delegate from the San 
Diego Boycott committee 
to the recent national 
convention of the united 
farm workers of America. 

Brown will speak at 
4635 EI Cajon Blvd., San 
Diego, on Fri . Oct. 12, at 
8:00 p.m. 

For more info contatct 
the militant forum at 280-
1292 (10/ 12) 

AT RDAY 

AWARD BULC: det-
ser etni ni guitcerid , 
gnitca, gnimutsoc , egats, 
were - ynn trap fo eht, 
retaeht???!OJ SU !! 

Saturday October 13 - at 
the International Center 
1: 30 p .m . Gene r al 
Membership meeting 
(very important. eason 
di cussion!) 2:30 p.m . 
Improvisational 
workshop . The e ac-
tiviti will be follow d by 
a free dinner which will 
titillate your ta tebuds . 
Old and New Members 
are encouraged to attend 
For more info: Call Larry 
at 453-9045 (10/ 12) 

The International 
tudent's lub invites all 

foreign scholars, spouses 
and friends to meet the 
new foreign visitors at 
UCSD Sat Oct 13 8:00 p.m . 
In te rnational cente r 
0 0/ 12) 

Sun. Oct. 14 - 10 :00 a .m. 
New sermon series begins 
on the Proverbs of the Old 
Testament, 10 a .m. at 
University Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, just west of 
the Revelle College 
Parking lot , with Campus 
Pastor John Huber 
preaching. (10/12) 
GENERAL 

student organization, will 
have their annual 'luau', 
on October 14th, Sunday, 
4 :00 p .m . at t he In-
ternational Center . The 
event will feature the He 
Noelani da ncers and 
other group dancer from 

an Francisco and Los 
Angeles. The menu will 
consists of Kalua Pig. 
chicken polynesia, alad, 
des ert and fruit punch. 
and it all cost $2.00 per 
person , everyone invited. 
Tickets will be available 
at the international 

enter. Door prizes will 
be distributed to tho e 
with the lucky tickets. A 
special prize will be given 
to the participant who 
partic ipates in the 
Audience PartiC ipation. 
(10/12) 

COOP ERATIVE 
EDUCATIONAL 
SYSTEMS, I NC . 2169 
National Ave., San Diego 
92113 . 714-234 - 1805 . 
SCHOLARSHIP 
PROGRAM : YQu must be 
a model cities resident. If 
you are a : High School 
Graduate, Community 
College Student, Un-

L A dergraduate, Graduate, 
The He Noelani Hawaiian Trade School , Business 

educational institute, you 
can receive up to $1,000 
for your financial needs. 
ATTENTION! 1st ap-
plication deadline : Oc-
tober 15th. These funds 
will cover ex~nses for 
fall '73 semester. In -
terviews and funds will be 
disseminated October 31 . 
2nd application deadlin : 
December 3rd . These 
funds will cover expense 
for spring '74 semester . 
APPL Y NOW! Ap 
plication available at all 
Third Co lleg office . 
Bldg. 412 Mat-
thews(l0/12) 

Vets and ca ndidates for 
degrees in engineering 
are invited to participate 
in a CAREER 
WEEKEND Oct. 12 and 
13, 1973, at Sheraton Inn 
in San Diego . The 
primary purpose of this 
meeting is to bring em-
ployers in touch with vets 
and engineers who will be 
or are looking for career 
employment. More 
complete details , 
available at the Career 
Planning Library , Career 
Planning and Placement, 
6th floor , HSS Bldg., 
Muir. (10/12) Dan e Co., a registered School or in a ny 
advertise~ents for ou r~elves~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
ERVIC'E 

Auto repair , welding, 
engine rebuilding low 
rates. 452-1637. Loren . 
(10/12) 

TYPIST: Exp. Theses, 
Reports Mi c . IBM 
electric 50t pg. call Bee 

Lynch 753-7356. ( 10/ 19) 

TYPI G. of any kind . 
Pat. 271-4711 , will pick up 
and deliver to campus 
free . ( 10112 ) 

FERTILITY AND 
HORO OPE HARTS 
Done professionally -
rea onable rates Call 
anytime 466-6188 ( 10/12) 
WANTED 

WA TED : FOR MATH 
IA Griffin , Intro to Math 
Analysis Call Janet ; 291-
8861 (0/12 ) 

URGE TLY NEEDED, 
to buy , rent or borrow 
(?): I cheap, usable 
VIOLI . Call Moe at 755-
,506. ( 10/ 12 ) 

A generous sized chest of 
drawers for cheap. Call 
453-0823. (0/12) 

Help Wanted Male · 
Security Officers. Full & 
pit. $1.83 to $2.40 per hour 
plus uniform allowance. 
Apply in person, no phone 
calls . International City 
investigators 3913 Ohio St. 
Suite 201-SD. (J0~16) 
Want to buy : Used car 
('67, '68, '69) compact or 
semicompact, automatic . 

all 452-1766 (after 6 
p.m .) 10/12 ) 

Want d , parel t ruck Paul 
452-1637 00, I 
Large , WEll-mannered 
dog needs a ride to 
Guadalajar" . all D bbv 
at 459-7254 110(12) 

ME ! - WOME ! JOB 
ON SHIPS! 0 ex-
perience required . Ex-
cellent pay. Worldwide 
travel. Perfect summer 
job or career . end 3.00 
for information. 

EAFAX. Dept. 1-9 P .O. 
Box 2049. Port Angeles . 
Washington 98362. (10/ 19 ) 

CC KI . poles , now 
eqUIpment will trade my 
downhills Harry 453-
:H55(10/16) 

GOI G TO L.A.? \ III 
hare gas to West Side 

either Thursday night , 
Oct. 18 or Friday mor-
ning, Oct. 19, Must arrive 
by 2:30 Friday afternoon, 
earlier preferred . Scott, 
B-36 Tenaya , 452-1565 
(10/ 16) 

PARTTIME Men-Women 
needed to sell ads for 
World-wide metaphysical 
newspaper, "Equinox" 
Lots of fun and lots of 
money apply : 1118 Torrey 
Pines Rd . La Jolla 454-
5172(10/16) 

MARIJUANA 
RESEARCH-HEALTHY 
MALES 21-35 To live in 
for 94 consecutive days 

CLA 213-825-0094(10/23) 

FOR ALE 

1964 Ford good condo & 
low mileage $325. 270-
3078. (10/12) 

FOR SALE : 1961 In -
ternation TRAVEL ALL 
Good condo Roof rack . 
Must sell $350 272-9810 
eves .ClO/12) 

FOR SALE: int to Vector 
Anal. - Davis - $7 Bio. 
Today - PM Books - II 
GI n 278-8174 \lu/i2) 

'68 YAMAHA 305 under 
10,000 miles $250/offe r 
459-8822. (10/ 12) 

'65 Ford Wagon . Perfect 
condo New trans . $500 or 
offer. 453-9272.( 10/ 12) 

Classic 20 ' SLOOP, 
Mahogany on Oak, cagin. 
CB-Kee l with trailer. 

1650.00 755-3875 eve 
( 10/12) 

Mondia pecial lO-speed , 
w/umv s/pulls. $300 Call 
John . 45:1-1206 Beaglc 
403. ( 10/12) 

1 9 Toyota Corona radio 
heater exc . condo new 
tire also chains & snow 
tires . Bruce 755-3445 
( 10/12 ) 

Beautiful Stereophonic 
Magnavox for sale. Exel. 
condo $40.00 Call Fay at 
272-1303 eves . 00/12) 

Must sell! ew Classical 
Guitar QUALITY TONE -
Bargain $55 Call 276-4084 
(10/12) 

TU ER, LAFAYETTE 
AM-FM STEREO Lt 725A 
$75 or best offer 755-6536 
(l0/16) 

Car for sale: 1966 VW 
bug. Body & inter . good 
condo Just rebuilt. $675 
566-3248 (10/16) 

For sale : Realistic Lab 12 
A turntable with Shure 
cartridge, $50.00 - 453-5269 
nights or weekends 
(10/12) 

1970 YAMAHA 250 En-
duro xlnt condition, low 
miles a ll Larry 459-8397 
(10/16) 

Great dog needs loving 
hom! . pan/Terr ; 9 
mo ; fern . Loves dogs , 
people! ('all Kori 459-7287 
(10/ 16) 

Homemade camper ; 
sink, stove, 2 large double 
bunks, Ne ds work. $45. 
422-2514( 10/16) 

BrCY LE : Raleigh -
Grand Prix, Io-speed A-I 
65. KW at 453-0833(10/16) 

Pellgun pistol . rossman 
600 semi-auto, 10 shot. 
new 30 sell 15 or best. 
455-5498 ( 10/16) 

JlO DA 450 1970-112 12K 
miles very good mech 
book rack , hclml't , xtra 
extnd forks Bruce 753-
0386(10/16) 
'67 VW Squareback. Runs 
Great. $550. Kevin, Tioga 
E-44( 10/ 16) 

For Sale : '67 Plymouth 
station wagon 6 cyl. R & H 
Good condition . $599 or 
best offer. Call 282-1453 
day or eve( 10/ 16) 

'65 Malibu Chevy SS 
Power Stering, 
Automatic , 327, Four 
Barrell Will make offer -
Dave at 474-1760 or 
Stephanie at X2943( 10/16) 
110 I G 

eed an apartment? Cozy 
open-beam 18R in P .B. 
Nice neighbors . Let us 
he lp you out - Ca ll 
anytime 272-2157 Lisa or 
Keith . (10.9) 

For rent : $185/m 2 br. 
unf. apt triplex ; 
fireplace , patio , shag , 
garage, near beach 454-
1311 (10/12 ) 

Tired of crowded con-
di tions long commuting 
daily, room for rent in 
condo. ca ll Rick 452-8177. 
( 10/12) 

Roomate n eded: To 
share 2 br. apt. w/2 others 
in Del Mar 10 e to 
Crui er. Pref. mal . $80 
mo. 755-5358. ( 10/ 12 ) 

AN UI QUAD SAVE $60000 

Fern . room-mate need for 
wint. quarter . Solana 
Beach duplex $65 
b autifuI755-7314. (lQ/12) 
FEM . ROOM - MATE 
WA TED for older 
person (approx . 25 years) 
own room in apt. near 
cam pus , non -smoker. 

all 8 a .m. or eves. 452-
1398 (101 12 ) 

$125 NEAT I BR for quiet 
adult (sorry no pets) . 

had d 37th Sl. 4-plex. 
prkg, 284 - 4037 , 298-
6910( 10/ 12 ) 

ROOMATE DEL MAR 
$56/CaIl 755-5654 or visit 
1414 ocean ave. apt. 
3( 10116) 

Female room ate needed , 
own room in large Ca rdiff 
house . $70, call eve. 753-
0346 00/16) 

Roommate needed for 
Mira Mesa house. Own 
room & bath . $75.00 mo. 
plus util. 566-3248( 10/ 16) 

4rent - 1 bdrm a pt. in L.J . 
Frnshd , util , pd $150 
month . call 459-9180 aft. 5 
Abdul. (10/ 16) 

Roomate wanted - So. 
M.B., 2 Bdrm House - Gar 
- $l00/mo. & util to split. 
Over 21 M or F 488-7751 
After 6. (10/19) 

Live cheap in a trailer . 
Only $10 a week . Moved to 
your site. Call 452-8187. 
(10/12) 

Roomate needed, share 
house in Ocean Beach 
with two girls, own room , 
78.50 795-7539 00/12) 

PERSONAL 
S.A.W. 
Eggs 12's, Brondy A' , 
hrimp 's, #6. Never 

Kn w it could be so good 
F .V. (10/12 ) 

Objectivists, Where are 
you? Contact Debbie 452-
0228(10/12) 
Inview of the current 
me S, a ny and all 
organian are requested 
to render assistance in 
imposing a perman nt 
peace . The F_ration 
(10/12) 

To he whom is often the 
recipient of nerve pin-
ches. live long and 
prosper when you go 
Beserkeley . (Have a 
happy. .) Spock(10/12 ) 

THIS I a quick gift of 
love to my king In drip 
dry and paisley From a 
lady of the canyon . (10/12) 
LO l' & FO D 

FOUND - M. dog , auburn 
& white around shoulders 
& legs on Muir overflow 
parking lot No. I.D. call 
283-0246 10/ 12 ) 

LOST : Wooden bead and 
shell necklace between 
Muir and Matthews 10/3. 
REWARD sentimental 
va lue . 753-8860 ask for 
Chris. (10/ 12) 

LO 1': Bulova watch on 
inramura l field Wed., 
10/3. REWARD please 
return to 526 Camino Del 
Mar or call 755-
3623 ( 10/ 12) 

LOST : BROWN 
LEATHER PURSE, ro e 
tooling on flap , laced 
REW ARD call 453-6096 
00/12) 

FOUND : I pld., wool 
jacket, in USB 2722 Wed., 
Oct. 3, eve. To claim 
jacket, 274-0028 with a 
description . (Call eves .) 
( 10/ 12) 

LOST : A silver necklace 
and a fish pin . of sen-
timental va lu e NO? 
RWRD : Margie 453-0974 
( 10/12) 

LOST - pr. of \Vir 
framed glasses, brn . 
case . T'd like to see again . 
755-2141 (10/16) 

LOST - in USB 2722 In-
troduction to Mechanic 
of Solids, Popov Q-I0 453-
0840 (10/16) 

FO ND - A valuab le 
article . In U B 2622. II-
you can identify it you can 
have it. 459-2076/ ( 10/ 16) 

LO T - Four very rare 
quarters at Revelle . Also. 
can't find an education. 
452-8935 (10/12) 

FOU D - et of keys 
w/school keys in rm. 
1148HL. Placed at desk in 
HL Library. 00/ 16) 

To whoever s tol e the 
grass between Urey Hall 
and the gym, please 
return it. No questions. 
(10/12) 

LO T - Keys on ring, 
incld , V.W. key . Wed. 
afternoon near La Jolla 
Shores Drive and Torrey 
Pines Rd . Please return 
to 4426 Mayer Hall. 
(10/16 ) 

TRAVEL 

CAMPUS TRAVEL 
SERVICE , IN -
TERNATIONAL CEN-
TER, MATTHEWS 10 
a .m . To noon, 2-5 p.m . 
daily 01/3-) 

E~ROPE - ISRAEL -
AFRICA Student F'1ighls 
all year round. CONTACT 
ISCA : 6035 University 
Ave. No. 11 San Diego, 
Calif. 92115 TEL : <7l4 ) 
287-3010 or (213) 826.{)955 
( 11 /30) 

Why ot Ski For Less? 
Utah , Ca lifornia . 
Colorado all : (714 ) 452-
8475( 10/ 16 ) 

SANSUI • GaR.aRD • 
12" WOOF ••• GARRARD SL 9.56. TURNTABLE with Shute M91E C artridge & Needle, Dust cover & base . Super powerful SAN SUI QR 500 , 4 channel quadraphonic AM/ 

FM/MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threeway air suspension speakers with 12" 
woofers, 6" midrange & 3" tweeter , in deluxe walnut enclosures Speakers 
25" high & 40 pounas each. $1100 Ust price, Save $600. Compl~te or small 

SANSUI + GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS W f . Sansul's 210 super powerful AM-F M MP: cat~re, In limited quantity, 
payments. NOW ~ 
'EtKt~i~t~ SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*8 *O 5219 UNIVERSITYAVE .. ?87-7830 SAT & SUN_ 10-Y 

multl-speaker air suspension enc1osu~es wi:~c1e2,~e.:,~l gl~~t .. knee high walnut 
tee Garra d's p f i 1 ers "" " year guaran-List' $320 ~ ;0 est ona series changer with diamond needle & cartridge. 

• ow 22" . Lo On. EZ terms , or trade-ins. Only faa. COMPLETE 
we~~~;ys .*.~~Nlllrm~~12 e*- s.!~ti:_6 


