
Marcuse: The Meaning of Chile 
Marxist philosopher Herbert Marcuse analyzed " The 

Lessons of Chile" before an overflow crowd in the Revelle 
cafeteria Wednesday night, placing recent events in Chile 
within the context of changing world conditions and 
challenges facing the Left. During an attempt to clear up 
some popular "misconceptions" about the situation in 
Chile he launched an attack against the news media in 
general, and the Triton Times in particular. 

Ironically, Marcuse's attack on the press came only two 
days before the Presidential news conference in which 
Richard Nixon lambasted the media. 

Marcuse claimed that the press "does not give you all 
the information you need to understand what is going on in 
the world." Specifically, he objected to articles in the 
press that interpreted "what happened in Chile _ as 
of Marxism or a failure of socialism", particularly Jim 
Soto's Losing Sleep over Chile column in the October 19 
Triton Times. He suggested that the left establish a ~w 
paper to get the "facts" to the people. 

Aside from his onslaught against the "establishment 
press", Marcuse's positions seemed to be far more 
moderate than the radical Marxist ones taken by many in 
the crowd during a question and answer period. He did 
describe the Allende regime as being " an attempt to work , 
towards socialism through bourgeois democracy", as a 
transition period between capitalism and true socialism, 
and he blamed its failure on a U.S. boycott of the Chilean 
economy and a withdrawal of credit. He also claimed that 
the Allende experiment "was hopeless from the begin-
ning ... an undertaking doomed to failure" because there 
is "no such thing as a neutral army." 

However, be rejected the argument that Allende should 
have armed the working class to forestall "counter-

VOLUME 20 NUMBER 11 

Survey on Revelle 
Attitudes 
By Rick Drom 

Have you ever wondered what students really think of! 
the Health Center or the P .E. Department? Often 
decisions which affect many students are made on the 
basis of a few students' recommendations. Committees, 
like the new 'Student Fee Committee may allocate over 2 
millionln dollars a year and only a handfull of students are 
on the committee. 

The Revelle Committee on College Affairs, Revelle's 
student government, decided to do something about this 
dilemma last year. They sponsored an in-depth survey of 
the attitudes of Revelle-students on a wide range of topics 
including Financial Aides, Student Employment, Revelle 
Provost Office, Counceling and Psychological Services, 
Campus Media , Craft Center, Student Clubs, University 
Libraries, T.A.'s, Social Events and Cultural Programs. 

Data for this survey was collected in three different 
ways. First a questionaire was administered to a 
stratified random sample of 288 Revelle students. 
Students were asked about frequency of usage, 
satisfaction of the student with the service or program, 
and the strength of the student's desire to support the 
program financially. 

The second type of data was taken from University 
archives and available administrative records of use for 
various facilities . 

The third type of data came from direct observation of 
the events and locations involved. Members of the 
research group asked each person upon entering or 
leaving about herlhis college affiliation, residence and 
class status. 

By utilizing three methods the survey group was able to 
cross-check and compare observations and records. 

The result of this study was an over-IOO page survey of 
Revelle students. This mountain of data became too large 
and expensive to widely distribute so a limited nwnber of 
copies of the survey were published. Copies are available 
at the Reserve desk in the Humanities Ubrary and at the 
Revelle Provost Office. 
As mlght be expected the survey conflnned some old 
theories about the "Revelle student" while it nuUfied 

By Chris Rauber 

revolutionary violence". He argued that even if arms 
could have been found for the workers, they would have 
stood no chance of defeating the large and well equipped 
Chilean army. He warned U.S. radicals against con-
demning Allende or the Chilean people on this point, 
calling it " facile criticism from a safe port. " 

He also rejected the theory that Allende somehow sold 
out or bungleq the revolution". Marcuse praised Aliende 
as " a great historical figure ... who tried to help the poor" 
and diminish their suffering. 

Marcuse went on to insist that Marxists should learn 
from their historical mistakes. He sees the lessons of 
Chile as being : 1) "the ruling classes do not sit still if their 
power seems threatened" and 2) "facism does not wait for 
for a revolutionary situation to materialize". 

Furthermore, he warned that " danger signs point to a 
preventative counter-revolution in the United States," 
because the "stability, propserity, and expansion of 
American capitalism are weakening both at home and 
abroad." Inflation, the energy crisis, a decline in the work 
ethic, worker protest ( absenteeism, sabotage), and in-
creasing competition from Japan and Western Europe 
presently threaten the American ruling class, according 
to Marcuse. 

We could be heading in " an authoritarian direction", 
similar to that of Germany and Italy in the 1930's, where 
"corruption and scandals" led to a desire for a "strong 
man, a leader ... accompanied by cynicism, apathy, and 
excapism. " 

Marcuse sees political education as a necessity to 
prevent such developments . Furthermore, he sees a need 
for realistic, unspectacular, but necessary programs and 
activities, rather than " fantasizing about past 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

New Parking Proposal See Page 2 

other long-standing myths. For example, the Cluster I 
library, the Friday/Saturday -Films and the Physical 
Education Deparbnent received the highest tallies in the 
"Satisfied" category. But despite some criticisms, the 
Triton Times was the fourth highest and more students 
were in contect with it last year than any of the other 
services, including the libraries. 

Concerts at UCSD were attended by more Revelle 
students than any other social event, except the 
Friday /Sat. films. 

There was a direct relationship between the satisfaction 
for each of the categories and the amount of funding that 
students desired. But in every case except the North Star, 
students felt that funding was important. 

An interesting graph m the survey related the different 
sports and P .E. facilities to the number of students who 
reported that they participated. Swimming ranked at the 
top with over 40% of the students reporting that they used 
the pool. Tennis, basketball, conditioning classes and the 
sauna all ranked high. 

The Revelle College Dean, Ernie Mort, expressed ap-
preciation of the survey and the data that it has 'revealed. 
Other colleges at UCSD have expressed interest in the 
survey and may also run one this year. If the results in-
deed prove to be accurate and appUcable to the true 
sentiments at Revelle, perhaps the original que tion 
"What are students thinking?" can be answ red. 

revolutions" 
Because " the left is on th defensive in this country", 

there is a need for a "united front of opposition groups", 
Marcuse says, " The ruling class has a far better instinct 
than the struggling left. " Given the changing conditions 
of the 20th century, with "more at stake than ever before 
in history" , and possibilities "greater than ever before in 
history", the left must "give up theories previously held to 
be sacrosanct", if they fail to adequately explain the 
changing world. 

Marcuse suggested that the left " re-examine the 
strategy of revolution", and shift to protests and activities 
at the local or sectional level. 

The left must support a " return to the rule of law" , must 
" respond in concrete ways to concrete issues", and must 
realize that " liberal bourgeois democracy is a prequisite 
prerequisite for a socialist revolution. " Marcuse con-
cluded by urging the use of such liberal methods, 
disdained by " Marxist super-revolutionaries", as writing 
letters to senators and congressmen, observing that 
" those guys want to be elected or re-elected ... they still 
need to get votes." He advised students to "sit down and 
study ... read and discuss ... to discover the new conditions .. 
the new possibilities." 

Marcuse was well received by a crowd that filled every 
available seat in the cafeteria, with over two hundred 
standees in the back. Given the prevalent mood on 
campus it was an atypical gathering, with older students 
(presumably graduate students or veterans of the 
political movements of the 60's) outnumbering 
representatives of the undergraduate and, especially, 
lower division levels. 

OCTOBER 30, 1973 

Prop. 1 Race 
to Be Tight 

The No On One campaign has picked up quite a few 
percentage points, since the original indications when the 
Initiative was first introduced. 

The results of a poll just conducted for Reagan's office 
show that the No On One effort is trailing by just three 
percentage points ; a gap which should be easy to close in 
the final week of campaigning, the proposition 's opponents 
say. 

The election next Tuesday is an unusual one in several 
ways, opponents (such as Willie Brown who spoke on 
campus this last Thursday ) are anxious to explain. 

First, the subject of the special election, Proposition 
One is none other than the Governor's proposed budget 
which the State legislature soundly defeated last spring in 
general session. 

Secondly, the Governor, with his eye for reducing the 
tax burden and limiting spending, has called for this 
election in an off-year; a procedure delibt!ratey avoided in 
this State, due to the prohibitive cost ($25 million dollars ) 
to the taxpayers. 

Third, it is unclear if Proposition One actually does 
cause a reduction in taxes, it appears more likel that it is 
cimply a spending ceiling whose only tax provisions are 
those which facilitate the procedure for local tax in-
creases. 

Willie Brown, chairman of the Assembl Ways and 
Means Commitee (the budget committee) explained .. 
"( Governor) Reagan has the final say on all spending that 
is done in the State of California, all the money goes 
through his hands last; if he doesn' t want 0 much to be 
spent, well , he's had ven years do it differ nt. II 

The opposition to Propo ition One is not re tricted to th 
Democratic Party and its legislative leaders ; it is opposed 
by groups as diverse a th Uni"er ity community; the 
Sierra Club, the ILWU and everal oth r labor 
organizations, the California Ecurr nieal oun il, and A. 
Alan Post, th legislative analy l 

In an effort to further inform and convince the campus 
population of the cons of rteagan ' tax plan ; a rall i 
being held on W dn sday, tober 31 at noon, in R veIl 
Plaza. 

The key speaker will be Dr. Paul Saltman, our Vic 
Chlincellor of Academi Mfairs. Following him will 
Dr. Susan lGrkpatrik of th Literatur departm nt ; and 
ther will also be veral stud nt ker . 

Political analysts have said that Ragan' trong t 
weapon in thi campaign i the eneral apath tha t 
urrounds an off-year el tion. 

• 



Parking 
ystem Proposed 

"The Parking Advisary Committee this year will be 
asked (by the Parking Services Office) to support a 
recmnmendation for a designated parking system star-
ting in July of 1974," revealed Parking Services Manager, 
Wayne Rounds in an interview last Wednesday. 

" This means that every person who buys a permit will 
be assigned a space," he continued. The Parking Services 
Office, in conjuction with the business office, has been 
considering this proposal for nearly a year. The com-
mittee will forward its recommendation to the Vice-
Chancellor in charge of Business and Finance for the final 
decision on whether to implement this plan. 

Rounds says there are both advantages and disad-
vantages to such a system. The greatest advantage to 
students is the guarantee of a parking place every day of 
the year. Such a plan also means that parkers will no 
longer have to search for a space; they will know exactly 
where to go each day. 

On the other hand, Rounds explains, students may not 
always be assigned a space that is most convenient for 
them. He added that every effort would be made to assign 
students spaces on the campus which they attend. Another 
disadvantage is the complicity and difficulty of managing 
a designated parking system. Overall, though, Rounds 
sees more 'advantages thean disadvantages in this 
parking arrangement. 

Rounds also wishes to assure students that the price of 
parking permits will not be raised by implementation of 
this plan. 

Frosh and Senior Meetings 

The Provost offices at 
UCSD have scheduled 
special meetings with 
seniors to discuss Graduate 
School. In addition the 
Revelle Provost office has 
set up a set of meetings for 
freshman as a continuation 

the Orientation program. 

The final meeting for 
seniors, faculty and staff will 
be held Wednesday, October 

in the Revell~ HL Annex 

will be held Sunday and 
Monday, November 4 and 5. 
The purpose will be to get 
feed-back about the campus 
from an underclassman's 
point of view and to answer 
any questi~ns that' have 
developed in the first six 
weeks. The Provost, the 
Revelle College Dean and 
the staff will all be there on 
an informal basis to talk and 
refreshments will be served. 

Grad Student Aids 
The graduate advancement program is for graduate 

students from those groups presently grossly under-
represented in relation to their proportion in the 
population. Financial support is available for socially, 
educationally, and economically disadvantaged groups, 
such as American ind.lans, blacks, and chicanos for 
graduate study leading to the master 's or doctoral degree 
in the sciences, humanities and the arts. 

Applicants must have completed the baccalaureate 
degree, and have been admitted to graduate status before 
the Fall quarter 1974, in order to be eligible for these 
awards. Graduate students pursuing the master's or 
doctoral degree in all areas of study except Business 
Administration, Dentistry, Engineering, Law, Medicine, 
Nursing, Public Health and Social Welfare apply directly 
to the Graduate Advancement Program, Room 1254 
Murphy Hall on the standard Application for Fellowships, 
Traineeships and Assistantships form. Students in the 
listed professional fields should address their inquiries to 
the individual professional school. 

'!be awards are made on the basis of academic record 
and promise, and are need-limited. A statement of 
financial need must be submitted. Alimited number of 
awards are in the form of fellowship grants. Others are a 
combination of grant, work study and loan to cover fees 
and to provide a modest living allowance. 

1. Master's AdYancement Fellowship; For graduate 
students of U.S. citizenship who are pursuing the master's 
degree in any department (except prliessional schools 
listed above). Support is for the academic year, and in-
cludes registration and nonresident tuition. Awards are 
renewable for a second year, depending upon availability 
of funds. 

2. Doctoral Advancement Fellowship: For graduate 
students of U.S. citizenship who are pw-suing doctoral 
studies inany field (except professional schools listed 
above) . Support is for the academic year, and includes 
registration fees and nonresident tuition. Awards are 
renewable for an additional 2 years, depending upon 
availability of funds . 

The Last 
Great Cause 

By Joan Garwood 
" The sun shone, having no alternatve, on the nothing 

new," thought Beckett's Murphy, staring into space from 
his shabby rocking chair, ignoring hypodermic needles 
and sky lab, the multitude of images that are represen-
titive of this age and this age only. It seems that Mur-
phyism has cast its shadow on today's world without a 
single objection or the question "Why does Murphyism 
exist?" Instead, his words have placed us in the 
straightjacket of apathy and given us the low, stultifying 
hum of discontent instead of breathing language. But why 
these repressive perversions in an age that is the most 
flowing, the most dynamic in sixty years? 

One must, of course, examine the past to find reason in 
the present. For our purposes, the past beings in 1900. 
Like everything else during and after the second in-
dustrial revolution, the mechanisms of time seemed to 
have been rehauled and refitted with a supplementary 
motor. The past was the past quicker than ever before. 
The explosions of science occured faster and louder; 
everyone heard the tolling of its bell and did not wait to 
ask for whom or for what reason it tolled before claiming 
emphatically that its tune belonged to every drummer. -

Parallel to the origins of this prave new world was 
progression in the arts . While the scientist heated the left 
bank dives and discovered the origins of disease (but not, 
as yet, starvation) the pug-nosed poet turned his head to 
the glorious East, to the Oriental sage in br~ade robe~, 
pensively holding a brush over a sheet of delicately thm 
paper, on the verge of revealing a great truth. The reader 
paper," . 

colors beneath the shape". While the question of Chinese 
labor turned English government topsy-turvy, the poet 
was certainly not adverse to turning the rugged themes of 
industrialization into vignettes immersed in mysticism 
using the labors of Chinese philosophy. Yet coupled with 
these ethereal undertones the times demanded that one 
persist in standing on the hard rock of logic before 
becoming shrouded in the blues, and greens, the attempts 
at something, the vision. For the pet that rock was 
atheism, the firm assertion that God does not exist. Pop! 
went the weasel. 

With everyone confirming that space belonged tQ no 
one, the revered passiOns and doctrines of unity were 
forever upset. A confusion ensued, a melting together of 
old facts and new truths that good minds wished to keep 
distinct, but could not. Life at its origin, it seemed, was 
the product of nothing more than a provisitory attitude 
and a burst of exceptions, a moment of intensity between 
chemica ls representing neither continuity nor 
decisiveness. With horror one realized that he could 

449 ) from 4-6 p .m. The 
. will be " Graduate 

1: Are you sure you' re 
to get in ?" An in-

Itr<><iucti()O will be given by 

Sunday's meeting will be extinguish himself without catastrophe. 
held at 7 p.m. in the Hand in hand with mysticism, atheism, technology and 
H u ma n i ti es L i br a r y theoretical science walked a new interest in basic, 
Auditorium . Monday ' s primitive man with his .basic, primitive instincts. It oc-
meeting will also be at 7 in cured to the artist that man did not wait for science to give 

Ledden. The staff of 2722. Due to the size of the him a notion of his body. Science had brought nothing 
freshman class those with .--------------------:---1 except analytical and exterior information concerning Planning and 

""'"",,,nt will also attend to 
answer questions. 

The freshman "Con-
nuation of Orientation" 

last names beginning with l'OIunteers Needed . that which man had long known from within. Combined 
" A" through .o M" should try VI with a consciousness of his body man had a profound 
to CiJme Sunday and the rest sense of jOy, sorrow, emotion, deeds, rhythm, lifes 
on Monday. qualities, long before he learned the meaning of 

~istory of Rock to Ai r 

Coming to San Diego, most successful of all special 
starting at 5:30 PM on features produced ex-
Friday, November 2, 1973 is clusively for radio with over 
modern music 's first :2,000 man hours of work 
documentary: The History spent in the research and 
of Rock and Roll, presented production of the 50 hour· 

by the KDEO, Nostalgia epic. 
Rad.lo. 

In a series of 10 broad-
casts, each approximately 5 
hours ir Iqngth, the history of 
rock & roll will go back in 
time to trace the rhythm and 
blues toots of rock 
music .. How it all 
began .. . Where it is 
now ... A'ld where it 's gOing. 
The pr< grams tell about the 

career~ of more than 100 
rock & I 0 greats revealed in 
intimate, personal detail. 

The history of rock & roll 
features such d.lverse stars 
as Fats Domino , Ray 
Charles, Chuck Berry, Sam 
Cooke. Otis Redding, 
Little Richard, Elvi s 
Presley, Bill Haley, Bob 
Dylan, Donovan, Simon and 
Gar£unkel, The Beatles, The 
Rolling Sf.unt..S and many 
others, all bringing some 
radio from " Pop" to "Boss" 
to " Progress ive" and 
"Contemporary ." Tt all 
happens just once m San 

In the words of the Los DIego starting at 5'30 PM 
Angeles Times, the historv of Friday, November second on 
rock & roll is " Very likely The KDEO, Nostalgia Radio. 
the most defIniti ve 
documentary ever done on 
the subject. .. enlightening 
and fascinating ... 

The history of rock and roll 
is the most ambitiou1! and 

The history of rock & roll 
is on~ " f the few things to 
com, :~ ng that is even 

bet~l .an it's rumored to 
be. 

PaJ,(e 2, Triton Times October 30, 1973 

F Y h P preparation, society, and civil law. Why not represent or out rogra m these ultra-sensations those primitive forces in music, dance, the theater, art? wnynot indeed? Industrialization 
Social Advocates for Youth ' is a privately funded 

volunteer program working to prevent delinquency by 
getting involved with children and youth aged ~15~ 
they get into serious trouble. Elementary and Jr. High 
School childl'en referred to the program exhibit a wide 
range of behavior patterns-from the aggressive to the 
introspective ; active to passive ; a child with severe peer 
or home related problems or extreme academic difficulty. 

It is a community based program working exclusively 
in the Linda Vista area. 

It is less costly, more effective and longer lasting to 
prevent problems from becoming serious rather than 
waiting until crises develop. 

Children are referred from schools, agencies, police 
dept., and families on the basis of their likelihood toward 
social failure. They are matched one.to-one with screened 
volunteer advocates who are provided with continuous 
training and enrichment opportunities. The advocate 
relationship lasts for a minimum of 3-4 hours a week for 9-
12 months and is continuously supervised by trained, 
qualified staff. 

At this time we ar e asking your help in the recruitment 
of volunteers . Our staff have developed informative 
presentations that will have educational value for your 
students in the areas of d linquency, child behavior, 
community social work etc. The presentations can be 
tailored to suit the demands of your schedule in both time, 
content and format . For our purposes the presentations 
provide us the opportunity to contact students who may be 
inclined to offer their skills as volunteer advocates. The 
volunteer experience is a singularly valuable vehicle for 
field work experience, as well as the personal enrichment 
of the student. 

Further a rrangements may be made with our staH by 
calling 277-4463, Monday thru Friday, from 9:00-5:00 or 
writing: Social Advocates for Youth, 2234 Burroughs St. 
(Linda Vista ). San Diego 92111. 

had it coming. 
The nexus of this new genre began in Germany with the 

music of Richard Strauss. Thoroughly modem, 
audacious, brilliant, vulgar, and a " barometer of his 
native weather". Strauss created a new fonn or, as the 
critics said, a "formlessness". He was committed to the 
business of making music perform the non-musical 
functions of characters, emotions, events, and 
philosophies. 

HiS themes were'often like his Don Juan, about "man's 
longing to find a woman who is to him womanhood in-
carnate, and to enjoy in one all the women on earth, whom 
he cannot, as individuals , possess." When the opening 
bars of his Also Sprach Zarathustra filled the concert halls 
one immediately experienced emotions tortured, 
repulsive, dangerously sublime. The glory and evilness of 
Nietzsche's man became evident at once. How could one 
possibly not respond? 

In dance the willowy Isadora Duncan flirted like a leaf, 
wave. Beautiful, light Isadora , who loved champagne, 
must have made corseted matrons and medal studded 
generals feel like splashing in the sea with hedonistic, 
sensual delight, like nymph and Apollo innocently 
sprawled in the warm, afternoon sun. 

Sergi Diaghilev's Russian Ballet offered still another 
medium of expression and European audiences were 
thrilled by the form and strength of Pavlova and Nljinsky. 

Dance and music seemed to have culminated in 
Stravinsky's version of Prince Ivan and the Firebird, but 
no, the Rites of Spring proved to be even more pagan, 
more elemental, tribal and earthen. The audiences were 

. left astounded, a bit mad. For those who could afford the 
arts it was an exciting time to be alive. 

The arts seemed to have explored and conquered the 
paSl ions of man as brilliantly and qulckly as governments 
had acquisitioned territory in imperiaJJstic policies a few 
years before. Everything seemed to have been touched 
upon, every hate, lust, perversion, virtue completely 
expressed. Then World War One. MilIlons .... gone, 
Con't on page 3 

Last Great Cause 
~on't from page 2 

shattered. The world found itself humbled ; neither art nor 
science had prepared one for such a catastrophe. 

Technology eventually picked up the pieces of ruined 
cities; art, in the main, had a much more difficult time 

. rising from the rubble. Its eyes were bloodshot, its 
muscles paralyzed and aching, perhaps it had lost an 
irreplacable limb or two; it wasn't sw-e amidst the 
general numbness. 

Greek sexuality, daring harmonics and counterpoints 
were simply insufficient now. Looking into the new void It 
must have seemed to the poet as though the streets 
mingled more than ever in his body, the squares isolated 
only with difficulty; his center without limits because he 
<tid not compel it to have limits. It was a precursor-to 
what? To Finnigan's Wake, the Cantos, Mrs. Dalloway, 

, Steppenwolf. 
But did th~ world want these things? No, absolutely not. 

This was the dawn of utilitarianism, labor unions and 
public education. The masses ruled; let the bourgeOisie 
artists do as they pleased. Their passion plays and tricky 
words had proved to be too expensive and were contrary 
to the bread and butter policies of the times. "We are the 
crown of creation", the baker arid the machinist crowed. 
"The morality of the world will now be our morality, the 
treaties between nations will be our tr'eaties, and 
whosoever shall obstructeth us shall perish by the sword. " 
Artists smirked, some even joined in the cause of the 

baker and the machinist, others locked themselves in 
cork-lined rooms and created, ignorant of all save their 
craft.. .. 

That was then and now is now, the world having turned 
turned turned in the interim, spinning a web of events that 
will forever keep man peeking behind his shoulder. But 
what are we now and to what end should we attempt to 
progress? The images of today are like no other. Our 
music is not Strauss, Debussy, or Stravinsky but a 
universal chorus of electric guitars sounding like a troupe 
of funny cars taking 'sudden turns and crashing at the hair 
pin bends, bouncing back only to crash again. Our dance 
is similar to that of riding through space on a motorcycle, 
down the freeway and through the town we go, mOving too 
fast to smell or to look into shop windows. 

The problems of the writer to capture this, all this, 
seems insurmountable. No p'reconceived form, no 
arranged technique suffices. There is too much to por-
tray, too many people simultaneously smashing their 
glasses down in bars, in cafes, in houses, just too many 
Switching on the news, the air conditio-ner, the stove, the 
stereo, and the lights all in the same instant. 

The old styles fall to earth with a thud ; we cannot, no we 
should not use them. We are faced with something new, a 
life that is housed in concrete and protected by transitor 
circuitry, a society that needs to be operated on by a jack 
hammer then studied by the most sensitive of elec-
tromagnetic flow probes. 

To describe, to unify, to make order from the severed 
parts, a new thought, a new manner of thinking is needed. 
A particular challenge is afforded to the writer who must 
find the right words to recreate the images and sounds of 
this supremely contemporary, highly futuristic-minded 
society. Is English-American up to the task, or is our 
language, that magnificient creation of a hundred 
tongues, finally stale, like an old house crammed with 
objects and people who know each other intimately and 
are ruled by the spirit of the past? 

An added danger is one of writing exclusively within the 
framework of the times, our work becoming as transitory 
and as breezy as the wind. Amidst alJ the newness must 
e:ast that core of universal truth, universal knowledge, 
sunple and pure. The technique of work m~st be complete 
and finished, like a machine, even while portraying the 
barest motion, the essence of an electron, the void of a 
vacuum. Can it be done? 

Can the writer gallop across the pampas of world and 
authors' long dead, and arrive fresh, eager, a bit 
breathless and anxious kl begin his own debut, meanwhile 
slapping his true parents in the face? Yes, it is a 
revolution that I crave, but do I desire a Robspierre of 
literature as well? No no no. Perhaps it is better to retreat 
IOto the catacombs of academia, sniffing stale air and 
arranging the dust, better to drink sherry and munch 
COOkies, to correct the spelling and the ideas of neophytes, 
better to line the walls of the office with books half-read 
and to keep short, regular hours? Again no. It is too much 
to ask, I cannot do it. It wiU not be borne. 

Instead, I ask for help to dump Murphy, to push away 
that post World War IT literature; indeed, much that has 
been written since the first blood in Flanders field was 
shed, that work lacking in beauty, grace, nimbleness, a 
sense of scholarship and dignity and joy. I ask help in 

~urdering all that is stupidly, unnecessarily ugly not only 
10 art but the SOCiety it supposedly represents, to 
a~asinate that which is foolish minus whimsy laughter 
mlOlI!: innocense to smash the boring. 

One need not approve a thing that lacks vitality. One 
need not tell contemporary authors "nice job, good show, 
well done, keep it up, keep singing, keep breathing, this 
world wants you, I want you" if the hand that holds the 
sW~rd to dub the soldier of language is paralyzed both by 
~hOl,ce and by spirit. Instead, I ask for intelligent ob-
JectJ?~, an insistance that what is wrong develop under 

~nsltive hands Into that which is always, indefatigably 
TIght. 

Sha\) I continue? Shall I state it firmly? This, to 
represent. what is always contem porary 
whll~ simultaneous ly a force of the secular present, to 
realize, and reject the horrid through continual s If 
education until It becomes instinctive, Is the last great 
cause. 

Guitarist at S.D. State 
Bola Sete, the brilliant 

Brazilian guitarist, will be 
appearing in solo concert at 
San Diego State University, 
Montezuma Hall , 5402 
Conege Street in San Diego, 
on Tuesday evening, 
November 13, at 8:00 P .M. 
Tickets are $1.00 for San 
Diego State s tudents, $2.00 
for San Diego State faculty, 
alumni, and staff, as well as 
all other area students, and 
$3.00 for the general public. 

Bola Sete will also be 
appearing in solo concert at 
McCabe 's Guitar Shop, 3103 
Pico Boulevard in Santa 
Monica, on Friday and 
Saturday evenings, 
November 16 and 17. There 
will be one concert per night, 
starting at 8:30 p.m. 

Bola Sete is considered one 
of the world's greatest 
guitarists and is the virtuoso 
of the Brazilian guitar. 
Critic Leonard Feather, in 
naming him Man of the Year 
in 1967, said, " Bola Sete is 

the Rio whirlwind who 
ca rries an interna tional 
passport that takes his 
guitar across every border of 
style and techniQue. " 

Bola Sete wiD perform 
original compositions and 
traditional Brazilian folk 
songs. Included are choros 
(serenades and macumba 
(Braxilian voodoo music ). 
Bola's incomparable per-
formances are noted to be 
both a cultrual and musical 
phenomenon . 

Bola Sete has signed an 
exclusive re c ordin g 
agreement with Columbia 
Records. His first Columbia 
album, Goin' to Rio, is 
scheduled for release in 
November. The album 
features Bola 's magnificent 
guitar work with ac-
companiment ranging from 
four members of Santana to 
sections of the Los Angeles 
Symphony and the Los 
Angeles Philharmonic Or-
chestra. -

Carnegie Commission 
Iffiues Rep)rt 

Individual colleges and 
universities in the United 
States have larger 
responsibilities than solving 
their particular "crises in 
higher education ," ac-
cording to the concluding 
report of the Carnegie 
Commission on Higher 
Education, released earlier 
this month. 

Summarizing nearly six 
yea rs of study and 
deliberations the Com-
mission sketched broad 
guidelines for a socially just 
and financially stable post-
seconda ry educa tional 
network of the future . The 
Commission included 
hundreds of specific 
recommendations aimed at 
implementing these goals. 

"Survival, with memories 
of past glories, is not enough 
of a program ' for higher 
education as it approaches 
the year 2000," reported the 
CommiBsion. "Nor is it 
enough for society as it relies 
more and more in creating 
its future on the high skills 
and careful thought that 
higher education can so 
effecti vely help supply." 

The Commission's agenda 
for higher education, 
organized under six 
" Priorities for Action" in-
clude: -Advancement Ii 
social justice-Enhancement 
of constructive change--
Achievement of more 
effective governance--
Assurance of resources and 
their more effective use-
Clarification of purposes-
Preservation and enhan-
cement of quality and 
diversity. 

The distinguished panel of 
American educators and 
laymen who make up the 
Commission begantheirwork 
in July, 1967 with a charge 
frlm the Carnegie Foun-
dation for the Advancement 
of Teaching to make a 
systema tic appralsa I of 
higher education and to 
suggest guidelines for its 
development In the 1970s and 
beyond to the year 2000. Dr. 
Clark Kerr, former 
president of the University of 
California, served as Its 
chairman. 

The Commission s tated 
" all remnants of Inequality 

of educational opportunity 
due to race, sex, family level 
of income, and geographic 
location should be overcome 
substantially by 1980 and as 
completely as possible by the 
year 2000." 

In its analysis the Com-
mission recognizes " there is 
very little time to make the 
necessary adjustments," 
and that realizing its 
egalatarian goal"may be the 
work for a generation -
requiring efforts until the 
year 2000 and perhaps 
beyond." According to the 
Conunission " 'Ten years too 
late ' could easily become 
'thirty years too late.' " 

The report supporte'd 
" affirmative action" 
programs of consciously 
hiring women and members 
of minority groups to offset 
past employment practices. 
Such programs, according to 
the Commission, wiU require 
constant reevaluation and 
" force I]lany to confront 
rather un comfortable 
realities ... 

1/\ dealing with such 
problems, the Commission 
obse.rved, " The most im-
portant single issue .. is 
whether it ( change ) will 
come primarily from in-
ternalleadership or whether 
it win be imposed more 
totally from external 
sources." 

The report identified four 
potential 'new shocks' to 
higher education-collective 
bargain ing, the 
politicalization of in-
stitutions, the possibl e 
resurgence of student ac-
tivism, and the "glacial " 
spread of public control. 

The Commission favored 
" internal initiative as the 
basic pattern of change and 
has argued for the selection 
of 'activist' presidents" with 
increased input from 
students trustees, and 
faculty members. 

In calling for new goals for 
higher education the 
Commission said, " There 
has been no basic discussion 
of purposes, engaged in 
widely within hig her 
education, tbr a century. 
Th re should be om new 
asp irations, som new 
Visions." 

Among the s pecific 
recommendations of the 
Commission were : 

--Equal reward for 
teaching as for research, 
except for research at the 
" highest levels of com-
petence" 

-The creation of "open-
access" educational centers 
available at low or no net 
tuition and within com-
muting distance of all high 
school graduates who want 
to attend. 

-The improvement of old 

and the creation of new 
alternatives to college at-
tendance including on-the-
job training, proprieta ry 
schools, apprenticeship 
programs, education in the 
military, education by off-
campus extension work, and 
national se rvice op-
portunities. 

.:..The absorption of about 
one-half of the public share 
of total monetary outlays for 
higher education by the 
federal government. 

Cmnpaigning for 
Nov. Election 

San Diego citizens varying 
in age from 8 to 55 walked 
precincts in the sweltering 
heat of East San Diego, 
Sa turday, Oct. 20 passing out 
campaign literature for 
Board of Education can-
didate Julie Fisher, City 
Council candidate Floyd 
Morrow and Californians 
against Proposition One. 

Businessmen, housewives, 
and students from the 
college, high school, junior 
high school, and elementary 
school levels participated in 
the "grass roots" effort. 
Most of the workers felt that 
the nation's political 
structure is presently "a big 
mess", but that they had a 
responsibility to do 
something about it. 

The walkers reported 
generally positive reactions 
from the prospective voters 
they encountered, although 
they discovered that many 
San Diegans haven' t heard 
thought much about the 
November 6 election. 

The drive was coordinated 

by the Jerome Waldie for 
Governor offic e at 911 W. 
University Ave ., San Diego. 
The coalition of Fisher, 
Morrow, Anti-Prop One, and 
Waldie forces resulted from 
a desire on the part of those 
groups to get their messages 
across with a minimum of 
unnecessaryrepetition.They 
all share a common political 
philosophy.generally liberal 
and s trongly supportive of 
citizen participation inl 
government. 

The Wald.le forces coor-
d.lnating the effort called it 
" a great success", as 36 
precincts were completely 
finished and thousands of 
prospective voters were 
reached. They believe that 
public involvement in I 
politics is the " antidote" to 
the apa thy and 
disillusionment that seems 
to be the dominant attitude 
towards politics today, and 
that to regain control of their 
government the American 
people must participate in 
the political process, 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Would you like to your 

nam inth nw ? Th are 
openings for writ 
at th Triton Tnne 
Lower 8Jak Hall. 

• • 
-mqwre 
office in 

Pa 3, Triton Tim October 30, 1973 

, 



home grown 

.. 

the kgh 
home grown album 
an album for an diego by san diego. 

$1.01 
available now! ' 

pr9ceed to 197.3 SAN OII!<!IO ~~UNTV 

Page 4, Triton Times October 30, 1973 

PREACHER ASSAULTED! Brother " Holy" Hubert 
noted evangelist in the exhalted style of Billy SWlday, wa~ 
sexually assaulted as he spoke on UCSD's Revelle Plaza 
Friday. Hubert chastized his female attacker with such 
Christian tenns as " lesbian", " bitch", and "diseased and 
abhorrent". The victim \yas treated for shock and 
venereal diseases. The female was hauled away by one of 
Hubert's faithful followers, and, at last sighting, was 
being propositioned by several males in the audience. 

STANDING OVATION FOR 

"HOL Y" HUBERT! 
by W. "Macho" Mitty 

Kudos for the Youth Entertainment Committee herE' 
at UCSD! Last Friday they booked a really hysterical 
comedy team which has long been languishing on the J . c. 
circuit. ' Just now breaking into such big name places as 
L.A .'s " Diablo State and our own local hot spot, "Ray 
Chisolm and Holy' Hubert", two veteran comics, are 
hopeful of making it onto the Borscht circuit. 

Some of their punch lines were such classic old favorites 
as, " Your mother didn't love you! " and " You never did a 
good thing in your life!" But such cute originals as " You 
miserable little devils! " had the audience rolling with 
laughter, although Hubert might have run it into the 
ground a little. Ha-ha! 

The warm-up act, Ray ChiSOlm, did the standard anti-
fern lib one-liners suC;h as, " A woman should keep to the 
inferior position God intended for her!" But the top 
Banana, "Holy" Hubert, really had a together act, in-
cluding such political and religious jokes as : 
Hubert : "The officials of the World Bank control their 
puppet Nixon!" 

Crowd Member (obviously a plant) : "The officials of the 
World Bank are Christians, like you!" 
Hubert (gleefully) : "No, they're Jews, like you!" 

He also did some funny bits, like holding his arms out 
with indexes pointed like fencing foils, and screaming : 
"Nietsche didn't believe in God, but he does now, 'cause 
he's DEAD!" with a dramatic sweeping of the digits 
downward . 
Bertrand Russell didn't believe in God, but he does now, 
'cause he 's DEAD! " with same gesture. 

. Another fWlny bit was when he would yell something 
ILke " You'd let a radical like Stokely Carmichael talk, but 
you won't let me, you miserable devils!" And the well 
rehearsed chorus would chant, "Amen, brother!" Or 
Hubert would scream, "Shut up, you miserable little 
devils!" And the chorus cried out, saying : "Crucify him ! 
Crucify him!" All in the spirit of good clean fun, you 
understand. 

Hubert also had a great make-up job to appear as if he 
had some sort of repulsive skin disease, probably to 
emphasize the point that nobody's perfect A truly in-
spired touch, Hubie. But the best crowd pleaser by far 
was a carefully staged short skit: 
Scene : A pretty Red Head (reportedly Rue Hinton, a 
known agenlof the People's Newspaper, " Nyet Pravda", 
leaps upon the bench where " Holy" Hubert is dOing his 
act, and throws her arms aroWld Hubert. Dialogue en-
ues: 

R. H. (chirps) : "Tell us about the subordinate position of 
women, Cookie!" 
H. H. (snarls): " Are you a lesbian?" 

R. H. (sweetly): "Are you a woman?" Score one for the 
Red Head. 
H: H. (defensively) : " I'ma married man , and I love my 
wife! " . 
R. H. (interestedly): " How does she feel about that? II 
Score : 2 to 0, favor of the R. H. 

Now Hubert becomes irritated with the Red Head, and 
flings her off of the bench with the denunciation : 
H. H. (gloatingly ): ' I know women like you, you 're 
diseased and abhorent!" Which doesn't speak too well for 
the women Pubert knows, but score one for H. H. 

At this point, H. H. calls the R. H. a " bitch" , and a 
Hopeless Romantic rushes from the crowd to defend her 
honor. One of Hubert 's followers hustles the R. H. away, 
the H. R. challenges him to a duel , and then the H. R: 
hustles the R. H. 

In the meantime, Humbler Hubert notices a 
photographer has been taking it all in (his box Brownie ), 
and asks for prints. The inning goes to Hubert by default, 
as the Red Head is officially condemned to Hell by Hubert 
as a " promiscuous little devil !" The crowd goes wild. 
Quote: "Tell men the truth, and you'll be hated on this 
campus!" - "Holy" Hubert 
Conclusion : Hubert must have been telling a fantastic 
amount of " truth". 

Unfortunately, we may not expect a return engagement 
soon, as " Chisolm and Hubert" have reportedly been 
booked for an indefinite gig at Riverside Southern Baptist 
Church, an~ the K.K.K. is after them to tour national clan 
houses . Best 0{ luck, " Chisolm and Hubert! " 

Buono a Holy Humberto! 

Luigi Linguini 

I musta as a membere ofa da Italiano Estudiente 
Association say that lasta week I 'wasa so happy to seea 
reala liva wire on oura skula grounds. 1 tink hisa name 
wasa Holy Humberio ora soma sortating. I tinka he 
shoulda bea Sainta . 

Why shoulda he bea Sainta? 
Nummer Uno: Never hava I seena sucha 

manifistaciona ofa holiness ona disa skula . r wasa ina 
tears an roll ona the groun mora than once during 
Humberto's oratorio. I cana still seea profance hippie 
burning onna da groun. Fora instance: "Youra gona burn 
inna Hell", saida Humber to, "you filty devil !" lma so 
excited I canna tink straight. 

Nummer Uno : He shrulda bea Sainta because he 'sa 
greata man. He'sa incarnationa ofa Medici, Torquemada 
an alia dos fina machos. 

Nummer Uno: He shouda bea Sainta because hesa holy 
man. I coulda see the fire inna hlsa eyes. I coulda see hisa 
holy will spitting all overa da plaza. I coulda feeia my 
hearta goa thumpa thumpa thwnpa as a Humberto daida 
I'ma gonna burn. J canna wait. Mamma Mia, I canna 
wait until I'ma gonna burn. Mamma Mia, Pozzo Luigi 
Llnguini 's gonna roasta! 

Nummer Uno : Finale, Hesa holy becausa I 'ma holy. 
For instance : " Whatsa Matta You Humberto !" 

"J gota od inna my h art. I gotta God inna my 
bow I ." Iffa you know whatta I man. 

Resurrection 
I was one among others that day 
1 came to jeer 

to languish well-content 
t<l seem High by looking Low 

But instead his words wrenched my mind 
twisted it out 0{ itself 

J knew not where I was 
And J grew afraid . 

And as he spoke the cavernous pit of Hell 
yawned open and engulfed me 

I reached pleadingly for the daylight 
but it receded 

Endless, indifferent night had overwhelmed me. 
Suddenly it came to me that I was trapped 

in the vast emptiness of my own soul ! 
There was no way out. 
But the gentle radiance of Jesus appeared 

glowing warmly 
And deep within me I believed 

and called out to Him 
The cloak of self-love and self-pity 

that shielded me from the light of His Love 
fell away. 

r knew then that no longer could r live a narrow, petty life 
while those aroWld me suffered unseen, Wlheard, 

unfelt 
I knew then that the poor, the weak, the loveless 

must be comforted - the lame made whole 
the Many made One through Love 

I knew then that no longer 
could clinging fears and small wishes 
encumber me -

That r must sacrifice myself for for a Higher Good 
that 1 might truly live-

That Richard Nixon must die ! 

SEA GUll soars to 
the campus at 

SPECIAL STUDENT 
ISCOUNT PRI 

All ITEMS 
ACTUAl SIZE 

Va OFF 

- Aloysius J . Blumehardt 

For M en and Women-
. .. who want to live life to the 
fullest ... who constantly race 

with life to explore. to learn, and 
to understand the true meaning 

of free tlight, of life and love. 

Be the center of 
a«enlion when you wear this hand· 
$OII1lly styled Se. Gull pendant with 
27" chain styfed for men or women. 
Thl solid sterllnl silver Ha rull is 
Nt .,ainst I IOld horizon . ivina 
direction Ind I fHlin, of iii",!. 
(Rltail $15.00) StlIdents .. $10.00 

Bold Ind buutiful and styled for men's or women's wear. It futures a 
Iltle sterlin. sil ver sea .ull set on a 23K ,old electro-plate bac.cround, and 
I sptei., salt luther strap without stitch in, to .lIow tri mminl to fit any 
wrist. Dynamite ! (Retail $17.50) Studenh .. $11.65 
RINGS - Solid sterling silver 1'40 rin, YOU've ever worn will 

. receive so much notice I Drlmltic in ib simplicity 
-the soarina sterlln. silver sea rull seems liIeli •• 
a.ainst a IIIut or blu' bac.,round 01 porcelain. 
Please specily color and siz •. 
(Retail $30.00) Students $20.00 

PI.I .. Hnd l1l4I the followin, II.ms at special student dilCOllnt prIca. 
__ Pendlnt • $10.00 ............. .. ........... '-_ _ _ 

IllY. 
__ Braceltt • Sl1.65 II. . ... .. .. .......... . 1-$ _ _ _ _ 

IllY. 
__ Rlnt-8lec. porcel.in becqr. • $20.00 .a .... 

IllY. 
__ Rint-8luI porcelain bac:k&r. • $20.00 Ia. . . .. _ _ _ _ 

IllY. (Rin, silf' ) Total of Order 
1M 1.00 ,.tI., ........... 11 ... Wi •• root •• b M4 4 .Iot ... . 
Amt. Inclosed 0 Money Order 0 Chili 
Ute Y.lllr 0 Master Char.. 0 aankAmericard 
Cr.,Iot eo ... No. ~. D." 
1".,M"IINt, H.mL. ________________________________ ~ 
Mdre'"-_________________________________ .... 
City. St.te, Zl p, _________________________ _ 
Plllse Hnd to 
Commel!1Ol.t,vt 0 sip ltd. 

I-. ~8~:' ~ W~~'!!~ . :' ilw~~~~ ~J!.. __ .J 
Pagl ~, "' n Tim s tober 30, 1 9~ 1 



Happy Halloween! 
Records: ALL EARS GregLeonard 

CLIFFORD BROWN Blue Flames". Brown, then only 21 and 
limited to backing a vocalist, exhibits near 

THE BEGINNING AND THE END - the same level of inspiration and 
Columbia KC 32284: I Come From Jamaica; sophistication of style found on the latter 
Ida Red; Watkin'; Night in Tunisia ; Donna recordings taped the night of June 25, 1956. 
Lee. On these last takes, both through the music 

The world of jazz is a microcosm of and the. few words uttered ~t th~ albums 
American society at large. The irrational concluslOn, we ~et a very brief glimpse .at 
and violent death characteristic of the person, Chfford Brown. Saxophorust 
American life in general has offen ~nny Rollins, who pla~ed opJ>!lSite Clifford 
.prematurely ended formative careers of m the Roach-Brown Quintet, characterized 
major jazz ~tylists. Bix Beiderbecke (26), him as "o~~ of the rare complete individuals 
Bunny Berigan (31), Chu Berry ( 31), Fats ever born . 
Navarro (26), and Charlie Parker (35) Lo~l bo~ Harold Land ~lso s?loed o~ten 
represent a very few of the many fine ?PP~lte Clifford. He. eulogizes hlffi saymg, 
musicians who've died too soon to com- Clifford Brown arnved at what a great 
pletely fulfill their talents. ma~y if not all creative musicians hope to 

In the early morning hours of June 26 attam as they express themselves through 
1956, an auto accident on the rain-slick their musical instruments: creativeness, a 
Pennsylvania Turnpike ended the life of beautifu! balance ~f mel~c expressio!l,. 
trumpeter 'Clifford Brown. Killed in the harmOniC conception, swmg, dynamiC 
same accident were Richie and Nancy ~ppr~ac~ , t~nder approac.h, free and 
Powell. Richie, brother of (the amazing) lffia~atJve Id~s, techmq.ue, .and a 
Bud Powell, was the fine young arranger beautiful soun~. The quote epitomIZes. the 
and pianist who then, along with Clifford, esse~~e of Chff.ord Brown. For a Jazz 
complemented the definitive 50 's be-bop musIcian he had It all. Even today there 's no 
band, The Max Roach-Clifford Brown trumpeter with the chops Clifford had in the 
Quintet. 50's. He represents a unique musical ex-

At his death Clifford was not yet 2€ but in perience and a tribute to the trumpet as a 
his short recording career (4 years) he'd solo Instrument. 
established himself as the young trumpet Clifford Brown: The Be~inning ~nd the 
soloist. Most of his contemporaries were in 1WId 1~ a ve(i good prevlOusly-umssued-
awe of his fluid technique and seemingly ma.te~lal. pac ge. Con~ratulatJOns and 
boundless improvisational imagination. felJcl~b?nS to Columbia Rec?rds for 

The recordings on this album cover the releastng m thIS case product deSigned not 
first (they're good) and the last (they're to pad. the . co~r~te ~cket, b~t to please 
very good) recordings of his career. The the dlscnmlnatmg listener s ear. An 
early material comes from his brief stay unusual precedent. 

wi~h the R & B band, Chris Powell and "His RATED: EXCELLENT (Jazz) 

Books: Rue Hinton 

Diane Arbus 
Aperture 1972 

$9.50/paperback $15.00/hard bound 

Mental nasochists may find many a 
delightfully disturbing moment in the pages 
of a catalof from a show of photographS by 
Diane ArhuS, which appeared at the 
Museum 01 Modern Art in New York. 

Ms. Arbus, who committed suicide shortly 
after the pU.blication of the book, was quoted 
once as saying she wanted to photogrArh 
evil. Possibly she later changed her goals, 
because, whUe evil is curiously lacking 
from the collection, it is a masterpiece of 
madness a; 11:1 decadence, with an occasional 
fillip of pure horror. 

Her sul'jects are shocking and un-
forgettabl€., and she treats them with a 
reI ntless realism that is completely 
unleavened by any sympathy. Some, like th 
picture of a gaunt, middle-aged woman 
smiling haH-apologetically as. she cuddles a 
fussily baby-clothed monkey, are im-
mediate and obvious in their intent. Others 
are a bit more subt! . There is on of a stark, 
dreary living room overwhelm d by a 
gigantic, gaudy Chrisbnas tree. 
Page 6, Triton Times October 30, 1973 

Although the subjects are ; ufficiently 
startling- a good ~any are deformed people 
or hermaphrodites--several of the 
photographs rely on composition for their 
impact. 

One is composed as a Renaissance 
madonna-and-child painting. A round-faced 
woman with long hair is pictured holding up 
an infant against a background of trees and 
mountains. The mother and background 
have been left somewhat out of focus , and 
treated texturally to look like a painted 
surface. The shock comes when it is noticed 
that the woman has acne, and the child, in 
sharp focus, is drooling and his clothes are 
dirty. 

Ms. Arbus has neither exaggerated or 
romanticized in her photographs, but treats 
each one with a realism-beyond-realism 
that haunts the viewer for days. Each on 
has a touch of both genius and madness, and 
the total collection is faScinating, beautiful, 
but immensely disturbing. 

It is not a good choice for a Christmas 
present. It would be fine for Hallowe no-but 
don' t give it to a manic-d prcssive. 

• 
The Day III ths Dead 

If the thought of eating skull-
shaped candy, or playing games on a 
tombstone shock you, you are ob-
viously a product of a culture which 
treats the subject of death with 
solemnity and fear. But if you were 
Mexican, celebrating "EI Dia De 
Los Muertos" - the Days of the Dead 
- death would be a subject for 
feasting and joy. 

In San Diego, "EI Dia de los 
Muertos" - the bay of the Deaa - will 
be honored at the Museum of Man 
on November 3 and 4. The 
celebration is the first in the 
Museum's y~ar-Iong live events to 
be held in conjunction with " The 
Year of the Days" the new main 
exhibit on cultural holidays around 
the world. 

From noon to 4: 30 on Saturday and 
Sunday, Chicanos from Centro 
Cultural de la Raza will entertain 

~ith songs and stories associated 
with EI Dia de los Muertos. They will 
demonstrate "calaveras", satirical 
portraits which include skull or 
skeletal themes. The Museum will 
offer visitors Turkey Mole 
(chocolate turkey), the traditional 
food that Mexicans symbolically 
share with their dead during this 
time. There will be marigolds in 
a~undance, and, the Day of the Dead 
exhibit now on view that includes the 
the home altars, the toys, games and 
other paraphenalia of the Mexican 
celebration. 

The first and second 
November actually 
total holiday : in the l\.Olnan.c 
World , All Saint's 
Soul's Day. In M 
families celebrate by 
cemeteries, clean 
decorating (usually with 
gra ves and 
bring traditional foods, 
on the site, eating 
talking and comforting 
Masses for the dead 
over the republic . nL "" .• 
sugar skulls (' 'ml11.>rlo ..... 
special bread of the 
de muertes") is baked. 
of the dead, along with 
foods, are set around a 
Qr shrine, and while songs 
("a labanzas") are sung, 
and black candles are lit 
dead are remembered. ' 

The holiday is a time fq 
warmth and happiness, 
Mexican people to re-Iexnlima-
relationship with death -
NorteAmericanos, their 
familiar, accepting, and 
to the Museum will 
humorous. 

( In Americ a, 
corresponding 
which occurs 
derived from 
beliefs about the 
scheming fairies and 
eve - only - of holy 

mike mulligon ond His Steam Sh 

Dear Mike, 
Hey! Why don' t you start a column, in the 

TIMES in which you would print a lot of gossip, and 
rumors, and movie stars and stuff like that? It 
would be such a gas if you would. Bet you don't 
print this letter . 

decadence. As for Johnnie and Ed, you 
touched on something. Perhaps that 
short months a~o Johnnie and Ed "affair 
friend." 

••••• 

Dear Favid, 

Sincerely, 
Favid Darkas 

Well obviously some people are slower than 
others. 'Ibat's more or less what's happening here 
and if anyone has any questions or rumors they'd 
like checked out, we'll do what we can. 
I also am ready to handle anyone's personal 
problems. Just what exactly is your Fave? 

••• 

Dear Mike, 
I really don't know why your scandalous rumors 

even get started. Really, it's disgusting the way 
that people will use any method to spread that kind 
of garbage. Prying into a famous person's life is 
wrong wrong WRONG! 

By the way, is it true that Johnnie Carson and Ed 
McMahon are having an affair? 

( signed) 

Ms. R. Barr tt 
Dear Ms. R, 
Glad to see your con ern about today'll 

Dear Readers, 
'Ibis letter came to me from a friendly 

students who wanted to pass on a messal!. 
Idols. Always glad to help, gang. 

Dear Beachboys, 
We 're sitting here in the UCSD 

drunk out of our minds and listening to 
We love your music even when we're 
even better to get drunk to. We just 
know how much we college students of 
respect your music of the sixties. 
around when I was a kid who always 
board, but lov~d every minute of ii. 

Sincerely, 
(21 illegible 

••• 

French toast kissing? Is it safe? 
limits? nd for free IT /'nlumln-~~j)(e 
and His team Shovel talks to 
about anything. Send your probleDl~ 
Mulligan clo Triton Times. 

Young Artists in Concert 
Sonatina for a sister 

Booby getting her feet back to the ground 
Booby crying a silent sound 
Booby searching herself to be found 
Booby becoming freedom bound. 

If there's anything I can do 
Queen of the Netherlands 
I would gladly sail to your palace 
But being so far from your land 
I have so little power close at hand 
Words float up like steam 
And disappear into the stream 
That becomes daily affairs 
For everyone of us who dares 
To live another day/ 

Pouring over old books 
and new 
Trying to find quotes 
to make myself feel 
better 
to know that somebody else has been 
there before 
But that doesn't mean a thing 
To the. ghost who wears the ring 
In a kingdom where black canaries sing 
Wretchedly out of tune 

"T~ch them to sing! " bellowed the courtship 
I pick up a staff belonging to a former 
Bachian disciple and begin 
to conduct the 
Choir with flaming gesticulations 
" He can conduct!" the crowd gasps 
But the canaries remain just a tuneless 
and just as black 
Travelling from teacher to teacher 
Roaming puzzles like sandshores 
asking who they don't sing 
As beautiful as I am capable of conducting? 
They show me a book and I read it like the bible 
and then find out that I haven ' t stopped to think 
whether I believe in god or whether god believes in me 
And the trash in the basement is piling up and the 
goo from the washroom is unbearable and unless I 
find the answer soon I shall be consumed by the 
rancid spoilings of neglected life 
The j~ster dances up and down in front of my face 
Shoutmg senseless rhymes of time and space 
"What everyone tell you just isn't the case!" 
And I tell him to go to hell . 

Paul Chiten 

The UCSD Program Hoard 
has announced th e ap-
pearances of four YOlmg 
Concert Artists, members I)f 
the New York based 
organization of the same 
name, dedi cated to the -
fosterin g of new and 
promising talent. 

Directed by Susan Wads· 
worth, Young Concert Ar-
tists, Inc. started ten years 
ago in an Armenian 
restaurant in the Village. 
Since that time, Ms. Wad-
sworth has been in-
strumental in promoting the 
career s of many now 
established musicians. She 
has not only provided them 

'with the opportunity to be 
heard and discussed, but has 
Influenced and encouraged 
these talented young artists 
as individuals. 

Ms. Wadsworth 's uncanny 
ear for excellence has in the 
past discerned the promise 
of violinist Pinchas 
Zukerman, pianists Murray 
Perahi and Ruth Laredo 
harpsichordist Anthony 
Newmanx, the Tokyo String 
Quartet and many others. 

Four Young Concert Ar-
tists will be appearing at 
UCSD over the course of this 
year , including Jean-
Jacques Kantorow violinist · 
Jonathan Abr~mowitz ' C~l1i~t ; Francoise Regnat: 
plamst; and on November 
4th, Joy Blackett, mezzo-
soprano. 

Ms. Blackett. named the 
first Winner of the National 
Opera Award from the US 
Government in 1972, is 
known for not only her 
standard operatic per-
formances, but for her 
performance of new music 
as well. Ms. Blackett has 
performed numerous times 
as soloist with the Musica 

UCSD THEATRE 

Directed 
by 
Arthur Wagnef 

Thornton Wilder's 

November 9, 10, 11 
15, 16, 17, 18 

Reservations made by 
telephone will be held for 
five days pe~ding receipt 
of check telephone 
453 ·2000. Ext. 2491. 

the General Admission ._ $2.50 Sluden! Admission ... $1.25 
skin of our teeth 

"eterna Orchestra at the 
Metropolitan Museum in 
New York. 

The Young Artist Concert 
Series is presented by ·the 

Program Board free to the 
public. The first concert 
featuring Ms. Blackett. is 

ovemt:>er 4th. in the Heveli l' 
Cafeteria' at 8:30 p.m . 

WEDNESDAY 
OCTOBER 31st 2pm 

FRAME OF MIND 
presents 

reflections of yesterday 
~ith original fashions 
modeled during our 

Halloween Revel! 
Come experience 

an exciting 
FRAME OF MIND! 

..\ .... . 
';:'.:-::' .. ' . . 
-:' .. :.' . 
'::." . 

"><. ~ . '. 

b()ufi que IllrqU()ise 
b()ta n it: I fi rl 

hair t:uftin~ 
by Esiller 

440 Pearl, La Jolla, CA 
(714) 459-5855 

Pag 7, Triton Times October ~. 1973 



PINION 
I 

riton Times 
:Essay Contest 

Here at last is your big chance for fame and glory: 
simply write, in a hundred words or less, "Richard Nixon 

ISJltoUJlO be impeached because ..... " Winning entries will be 
Ir •• nrinhi>rl in the Triton Times. All entries, win or lose, will 

for"W~lrrl,Pli to our fatuous fascist representative John 

Israel Needs 
Secure Borders 

ADL 
The treacherous attack by Egypt and Syria while the 

people of Israel, like Jews around the world, were at 
prayer on the most solemn day of the Jewish calendar -
Yom Kippur - hfls demonstrated to the world the 
meaning and the correctness of Israel's insistence on 
secure and defensible borders in any settlement of the 2!)' 
year-old Middle Eastern conflict. 

The issue is not land for the sake of land. When a nation 
is surrounded by hostile nations which openly declare 
their determination to destroy her, the issue is land for the 
sake of security. 

Living in a large country surrounded by vast oceans on 
two sides and by friendly neighbors on the other two 
sides, it is difficult for most Americans to comprehend the 
relationship between land and security. 

Israel and the occupied territories comprise only 200 
miles atits longest point (from the Lebanese border to the 
tip of the Sinai Peninsula) and only 100 miles at the widest 
point (from the Suez Canal to the River Jordan.) 

In West Coast terms, we are speaking about a nation 
which extends from Santa Barbara to San Diego, but only 
from Santa Monica to Riverside a t its · most populous 
points. 

Imagine living in a nation of such dimensions 
surrounded by hostile and far more populous enemies 
who, for 25 years, have refused to make peace, who have 
refused to negotiate, and who have refused to r~cognize 
the fact of your existence. 

It was at the Khartoum Conference in 1968 that the Arab 
nations declared the policy of the three negatives : no 
peace with, no recognition of, and no negotiation with 
Israel. 

Since its creation, Israel has instead been confronted by 
enemies resolved to destroy her. She has never had 
secure, defensible and legally-recognized borders; she 
has lived instead, with mere "armistice lines" and 
"cease-fire lines." Israel's lack of secure, defensible and 
legally-recognized borders, in fact, proved am major 
factor in the outbreak of three MidrUe Eastern wars - in 
1948,1956, and 1967 - now that same condition is a factor in 
the 1973 fighting. Secure and defensible borders, by their 
very nature, reduce the danger of war and increase 
chances for lasting peace. The United Nations Security 
Council, in November, 1967, set forth the goal of "a just 
and lasting 'peace" in which "every state" in the Middle 
Eastern area could "live in security" and enjoy "the right 
to 4ve in peace within secure and recognized boundaries 
free from the threats or acts of force .. . " 

Israel's need for secure and defensible borders is 
nothing more, nor less, than a need for the right to be able 
to defend itself. As long as she has lacked such borders -
secure, defensible and lega]Jy recognized by the world -
there has existed a continuing temptation for the Arab 
sta tes to carry out their long-threatened resolve to 
destroy the Jewish State. And as long as Israel has lacked 
such borders, she has confronted a continuing and grave 
dilemma whenever her enemies threatened war : whether 
to wait passively for a possibly crippling attack, or to 
assume the initiative and take preventive action when 
such a blow seemed imminent. 

Before 1967, Israel bad no land cushion to trade away for 
time in I"hich to mobilize her defense (orces and her 
reserve units, to equip those units, and to deploy them 
against those threatening her existence. With Egypt 
controllillg the Sinai Peninsula and Syria the Golan 
Heights in tile northeast. hosUe armed forces were only 
minutes lway from major Israeh population ~enters and 
vital por·. lilelines by ground, even fewer minutes away by 
air. Isra.·l then faced the constant and repreated need to 
mobilize oh impossibly short notice for every alert and 
every po~sible threat, no matter how seemingly minor the 
danger cf allout war might be on any given occasin, and 
no matter how high the cost of such mobilization to the 
Israeli economy and to the tranquility of Israeli society. 
Israel lived with the constant fear that she might not be 
able to survive a first strike by the Arabs, or that she 
might not be able to survive a defensive ground war, 
fought on her own. soil, in tand around her major 
population centers. 

The post-1967 cease-fire line, for the first time in their 
existence, provided the Israelis with a secure and 
defensible territorial position. Flying times between 

Page 8, Triton Times October JO, 1973 

Egyptian air force bases and Israeli population centers 
were lengthened by anywhere from 17 to 21 minutes - still 
a narrow margin for survival. Israel's control of the Sinai 
Peninsula and of the Golan Heights gave her, for the first 
time, cushions of land to trade for time in which to 
mobilize. Her control of Sharm El-Sheikh, at the southern 
end of the Sinai, made her vital southern life-line through 
the Straits of Tiran to the Israeli port of, Eilat, less 
vulnerable to Arab blockade. Israel's control of the 
Jordan River's \yest Bank, likewise, has eliminated the 
narrow waist which once made Israel highly vulnerable to 
to Arab units 'based on the West Bank which could stab 
nine or ten miles to the Mediterranean Sea coast and cut 
her in two in a matter of a mere 20 minutes. 

Because of the land cushions that emerged after 1967, 
the major fighting in 1973 is taking place in the Sinai 
Peninsula - not in the Israeli communities of Ashkelon 
and Beersheba, or in Rehovot, Netanya, Nazareth and 
Tiberias, not to mention Jerusalem, Tel-Aviv and Haifa. 
Yet even today, Israeli settlements below the Golan 
Heights have been hit. 

The lesson of these facts is clear. Israel's firm resolve 
never to return to the pre-1967 borders that exposed her to 
repeated aggression and offered the Arab aggressors 
decisive military advantages has been justified by the 
events of recent days in the Yom Kippur War. 

Nevertheless, Israel hasnotified the world, through the 
United Nations, of her readiness to withdraw her armed 
forces from areas occupied as the resul t of the 1967 con-
flict - but only to secure, defensible, recognized and 
agreed-upon borders to be determined in .peace treaties 
with the Arab states. 

Israel's often-stated position is that such borders can 
only be worked out in direct negotiations with the Arab 

Destroy the universe! 

states, face-to-face across the conference table. Israel has 
repeatedly expressed her readiness for such negotiations 
without any pre-conditions whatsoever. She has likewise 
made it clear that she is flexible as to the exact locaton of 
her ultima te borders, as long as those borders are secure, 
defensible, and legally recognized. 

The Arabs, however, have refused to negotiate unless 
and until Israel first withdraws from the territories over 
which she gained control in 1967. A demand nothing more 
nor less than an effort by the Arabs to erase their own 1967 
defeat before they even sit down at the conference table. 
This Arab pre-condition for negotiations in effect has 
asked Israel to give away, before talks even begin , that 
which must be a major subject of those very discussions. 

Prophet Praised 
The Triton Times wishes to thank the Campll$ 
Programming Board for arranging for the appearance of 
Holy Hubert. Not since Paul Saltman has our campus seen 
such a dynamic presenter of Mysteries. Not since John 
Stull's circus of a few years ago has a more hilarious 
speaker convulsed a crow~l. Not since Golgotha has God 
hada worse headache. It was especially considerate of the 
programming board to schedule this appearance durlOg 

Mid-term Day, thus diverting student's attention from 
their own problems and helping them to realize that some 
people are much worse off. As a gesture of appreciation, 
the Triton Times is taking up a collection to buy Holy 
Hubert some extra teeth, a new tie, anti-melanocyte 
hormone treatments, and a box of two dozen Trojans. 

It's no damned good " 11w mono I kno\\ 111 Ix'upl.,. Iht 1HIlI" - I t'lli()~ ilutoP~i(.·:-, ··· W1I1 1 .... ll'r 

Its as plain as the nose on 
face . The universe must be 
destroyed. As it exists and 
transpires, the universe is 
an eternal rotation system of 
life and death, with no one or 
anything having the right of 
decision as to existence or' 
non elCistence. And life is 
fooled . First comes the 
pleasures of Life, and then 
the agony of death. It should 
be the other way around. 
And when realization dawns 
on one, it is invariably too 
late to do anything about the 
system , in the face of the 
onrushing hordes of new life , 
who are ignorant of, and 
oblivious to the bottomless 
pit of dea th (empty space 1. 
at the end. And the entire 
human race will be extinct 
within the next 2 or 3 hun-
dred years. Other species of 
life will survive and the 
universe will continue on its 
merry mad way, infinite and 
eternal. unless civilization 
does something about it. The 
only question is " what? " 
Thc entire resou rces of 
scien e must be hurled at the 
enemy. which is nothing 
( mpty spa e), the spawning 
places of island universes. 
Desire must be neutralized, 
as it is the cause of-reation , 
and rules the universe . 
"Only God can make a trce", 
is just so much stuff. Only 
ma n ca n des troy the 
universe. 

IIHrry Huhin 

Editor-in-Chief ... .. .David B uc hblnder 

City Editor .. ... ................ Greg Hicks 

Managing Editor .. .. ··Michael Sesma 

Copy Editor. ............ James G. Soto 

Business Manager ... Nancy Mancino 

Editorial Director ....... Mark McCarty 

News Department 
Lee Burke 
Joan Garwood 
Ed Simons 
Chris Rauber 
Charlie Heimler 
John Taylor 

, Holly Hitzeman 
Roberta Rehn 
Richard Pool 

Arts Department 
Rue Hinlon 
Charles Hyde 
Don Maker 
Juliana Jensen 
Greg Leonard 
Mindy Scott 
Mike Thomas 
Artists 
Corky Cacas 

Arts Editor ..... .... .......... Larry Deckel 

Sports Editor ... .. ........... Eric Raisters 

Business Department 
Robert Broynstein 
Donna Yamamoto 
Rue Hinton 

Mike Thomas 
Sports Department 
Mark Liska 
Tracy Bertolucci 
Larry Baldwin Science Editor ................... Bob Nau 

Photography Editor ... Malcolm Smith 

Secretary ......... .. ........ .. Corinne Cacas 
Associate City Editors ...... Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 

Asst. Business Manager .. Ramon Ruiz 

Production 
Betsy Krueger 
Bob Kramer 
Gloria Slominski 
Malcolm Smith 
Peter Gillis 
Copy Readers 
Maria Puente 
Debbie Perluss 

........ t ••• r.wu.ry. 
Thl. 01 the way you've alway. wanted 
to learn . . . and should. Combine 
Iccredlled study with a f.lclnating 
semester of travel to Africa. Auslral· 
Ilia, the Oriant. and tho AmerlclI. 
Over 8500 students from 450 colleges 
hi". already plr1lclpl,.d . Flnlnclll 
lid 18 avsilabla. Write now for Ir" 
cltalog: 

WeA, Ch_pmln Coil ... 
80. '000, CA .... 

Kirk Robinson 
Secretarial Assistants 
Camille Cacas 
Kathy Coxe 
Photography 
David Hurst 
Larry Winn 
Scott Thayer 
Michael Greene 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of TopiCS 

$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·lo·date. 160·page, 
mali order caialoc. Enclose $1.00 
10 cover postage Idelivery lime IS 
1102 days). 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD ., SUITE #2 

LOS ANGELES, C~LlF. 90025 
1213)477-8474 or 477-5493 

Our r,"'retl mat,flal Is IOld tor 
" ••• rch .. lllt.net Oft'y_ 

LE I I ERS TO THE EDITOR 
Allende 

DefendOO 
Editor 

In regard to laSt week's 
article "Losing Sleep Over 
Chile" 

Mr. Soto seems very 
surprised by the feeling of 
rig htous indignation 
demonstrated recently by 
the students of this 
university. Mr. Soto would 
not be amazed if we had 
applauded the overthrow. of 
a democratically elected 
government, the killing of 
thousands of Chilean 
workers, the establishment 
of concentration camps and 
the complete repression of 
freedom. 

I do not question Mr. 
Powell's statements, but I do 
question the sanity of anyone 
who calls the involvement of 
the CIA "fairy tales". Senate 
hearings in March and April 
of this year revealed some of 
the 117 tactics and the fact 
the CIA has admitted using 
$400,000 for propaganda 
purposes in Chile against the 
Allende government. Fur-
ther, Senator Kennedy has 
set up a special committee 
to investigate CIA in-
volvement in Chile. As 
concerns Mr. Soto's 
sta tements about Chile 
Itself, only ignorance could 
explain calling Allende a 
tyrant. In fact, he was often 
cri ticized for having too 
much faith in legality and 
the democratic processes. 
The press in Chile was one of 
the mostfree in the world; in 
Santiago alone there were 
twenty newspapers, of 
differing political stands. 
Now there are only two, and 
both completely under the 
new government control. 
The inflatiorrwas in great 
part.caused by. the far right 
and foreign reaction to 
Allende's programs . But 
even with the inflation 
workers salaries continued 
to rise. Workers were able, 
for the first time to afford 
some of the comforts and 
advan tages including 
educa tion previously en-
joyed only by the upper 
class. 

Mr. Soto also suggests that 
the "golpe de estado" was a 
popular revolution against a 
despotic government. The 
people did, however strongly 
support Allende in the recent 
elections of March, showing 
his popularity greater than 
before. After the un-
successful coup of October 
the Chilean people marched 
by the thousands in front of 
the Presidential Palace in 
Santiago. 

The recent tragic events in 
Chile were easily understood 
by the rest of the students. 
My advice to Mr. Soto would 
be that study the situation 
before publishing his 
opinions. 

GABRIELA GARIGLIO 

Oeveland 
Quartet 

Dear Editor: 
The concert by the 

Cleveland Quartet last 
Monday in the cafeteria was 
really outstanding. In over 
four years of attending 
Revelle concerts I have 
never had a more satisfying 
experience: The group was 
quite preCise but never 
mechanical; the playing was 
dynamic, . well-phrased, 
crisp; and the players were 
intensely into their work. 
Congratulations to the 
Programming Board for 
getting such an excellent 
group for a free concert! 

p~anning off of the rest of the . be sur:rounded by a bunch of 
hills along Gilman Drive on money hungry merchants 
both . . sides. None of the and housing owners willing 
conditIOns you name which quest for the almighty 
haye to be met by the dollar! That is what you will 
bUilders of the University get if you don't protest this 
Town Center will assure the encroachment on UCSD's 
wildlife of homes, nor will vanishing way of life. 
any open space be left-I Shawn Sprouse 

Sincerely yours, 
Donald Gray 

Open Letter 
To McElroy 

mean natural open space not 
artifical open space! Nor 
will students get fair prices 
for housing or other needs! 
That is obvious from the 
situation found at La Jolla 
Village t Rip-Off Village) ! 
Why don't you look at the 
reality of the situation? ! The 
builders of this horror don't 
give a plug nickel about 
UCSD! They want to build 
this pile of crap to make 
money! And they will do it if 
you and the rest of the 
university community don't 
take a strong stand against 
it! You must protest the 
rezoning of this area that 
makes this monstrosity 
possible - Even the City 
Manager is against it as are 
the Environmental Action 

Dear Chancellor McElroy, Council, the Conservation 
L~ague , city planners, 

) Ever since you became the Miramar Naval Air Station! 
head of our school you have We don't need a theatre off 
made one decision after campus, we have a perfectly 
another which has met with good one on campus that can 
hearty disapproval by the be put to more use than it is 
students of UCSD if not the now. We have wide expanses 
faculty . And now you have of grass that can be used for 
made another ridiculous and arts and crafts shows plus an 
unsound decision concerning art gallery on Revelle in the 
the monstrosity you call the Humanities Library 
University Town Center! No building. Wouldn't it be 
one, especially the students better for community 
need this conglomeration of relations between UCSD and 
expensive (way too high the outside world if we 
priced for students) shops permitted these other people 
and restaurants and so to use our facilities rather 
called housing units! Why than perpetuate a shopping 
does the University need a center conglomerate on the 
center three times the size of future generation!?! Would 
Fashion Valley right in their you please come out of your 
own backyard so to speak? office sometime and look 
The San Diego area already around at the dwindling 
has two big shopping centers environment! 
right next to each other in I came to UCSD four years 
Mission Valley which is only ago and was delighted with 
a short distance from UCSD. the atmosphere of being 
In La Jolla there are ~any surrounded by wild fields 
small shops and services for and untouched hills where I 
the people of that town which could view natural wildlife 
would be dr h en out of .going about its business 
business by a large shopping without the pollution and 
center near them (only three interference of man. Now 
miles away! ). North County look at this place. Soon it will 
has a large complex in Vista be s urrounded by ugly 
plus numerous shops and . concrete, over pri~ houses 
recreational places along the and stores, parkmg lots, 
old Coast Highway. thieve~ attracted by the rich 

In addition to the above who Will be the only people 
objections what about the able to buy thing~ at the 
impact of all those additional stores and t~ ?enuse of the 
cars on the traffic situation true charactisbcs of a trul!' 
near UCSD which is open area university. I 
reaching acute proportions ca~not understanu your 
since the demise of our big a~ltude?f app~oval toward 
parking lot in back of the old this ho~rlbl~ thmg about to 
gym? And most important be. but.lt right near the 
what about the destruction of uruverslty we students of 
the few remaining areas of former days have tried so 
open space around the hard to pro~ct! You are not 
university?! Gilman drive facln~ realtty! Do you want 
used to be full of hawks and San Diego to become another 
owls and other wildlife which Los A~g~les! I .come from 
has vanished due to be the there -It IS a hornble place to 
building of the ugly apart- live! Do you want UCSD to 

Satisfaction 

I've tried many positions, 
oral sex and not as many 
men as I could have but 
enough to say " It's a myth 
about a black man being able 
to satisfy his woman 
sexually. 

It doesn't matter about 
the size of the penis, how 
large or hard it can get if you 
cannot contact the spot you 
can be extra large, Mr. 
Super Nut or Sweet Sweet 
Back. I feel a man shouldn't 
be satisfied until his woman 
is, believe me if you satisfy 
me I'll do more than that for 
you and I think most black 
women can agree to that. 

Yes, we get very upset 
when you climax many 
times and show unconcern 
for us, you get tired and turn 
over most of the times fall 
asleep, I would be more 
considerate to you. We like 
to be needed, talked to, 
embraced and respected 
after showing you en-
joyment. I realize every time 
you ejaculate you are not 
satisfied but it would be 
splendid, beautiful and more 
than enjoyable if [ could the 
first time . Please un-
derstand that it takes much 
longer for LIS than it does you 
and we won't climax nearly 
as hard. 

I plead for a black man to 
satisfy me beyond talk and 
fingering; this I desire very 
much and if there isn't 
something physically wrong 
with me, I shall seek it. 

Please reply in the Triton 
Times ..... 

A BLACK WOMAN 

Pizza 

Dear Editor : 
It'sa to my attention come 

thata you rag anna you skula 
doesa notating to improva do 
lot ofa my peoples. This 
upasets me you Poz-
zonovannos. 

Let me seta forte the 
complaintsa data follows. 

Nummer uno : Many 
days now I walka da cam-
pus. Inna da ristorantes offa 
da skula. Hey Pozzos, in alla 
da piazzzas offa da skule 
only da Epresso housa hasa 
Pizza. But disa had Pizza . 
Whena you bite inna da 
Pizza, youa mouta fall off. 
The Mozarella isa rotten. Ita 
remins me offa da Greeks. 

ments of RiD-ilif Village ,------------------_. (known 10 students as that 
because they have the 
audacity to charge $155.00 
for a studio. unfurnished. no 
utilities paid! ) , and the 

California Western 
School of Law 

All Jewish Students 
first meeting 

will hold a meeting 
for all interP'J~tp,d 
minority students 

Union of Jewish 
Students 

HELP DEVELOP A MUCH-NEEDED 
JEWISH COMMUNITY AT UCSD 

WED. OCT. 31, 7:30 p.m .• 

REV~UE INFORMAL LOUNGE 

November 8, 1973 
12.: 00 noon 

Revelle formalloung 
All interested students are encouraged to attend. 

Iffa you know whatta I 
mean. 

Now I'ma gonna speaka to 
you abouta politikle com-
·plaints. Hey! Nummer Uno : 
I don see any classes abouta 
my country. The onesas dey' 
got hava only about dah 
brainsa my country. Buta 
my country no gotta devils 
inna infernotes an no gotta 
statues orfa men inna raw, 
ora paintins offa ugly Lisa 's. 
Whenna you go toa my 
country you only getta Bolt. 
Iffa you know whatta I 
mean. Virna Lise, Mamma 
mia itsa Sophia. Iffa you 
know whatta I mean. 

Nummer Uno: We no gotta 
history offa my contry. We 
gotta good one. We gotta 
hava classa por the 
ristorantes offa dis skule. We 
gotta hava dis and we gotta 
have dat. An iffa we dont 
getta dis and dont getta dat, 
then that Pozzonovanna 
Chancellore issa gonna get 
wopped onna da head. 

We gotta hava Christopher 
Columbo Collegia. And iffa 
we dont getta whatta we 

deserve, den we gonna call 
ourra Padrones. Dera goona 
come an maka da mess. 
Datsa my last warning. 

Luigi Linguini 
Imperatore, Italiano Studies 

orra else. 

Peace Plea 
Dear Editor : 
Who are-·these people who 

are pr()-Israeli or pr()-Arab? 
Are these not the same 
people who not too long ago 
were shouting " PEA CE 
NOW !"? Why is it now 
~ighteous and moral to rally 
m support of Israel or the . 
Arab nations? How can any 
of these individuals justify 
the monetary contributions 
(expected to be in the 
millions) they are making to 
help finance this war for his 
respective side? Are not the 
lives of both the Arab and 
Israeli soldiers and civilians 
the same as the li ves of 
Con't on pg. 11 

targum crossword 

ACROSS H Sllppery .ub.tances 12 - phisl r 
.5 French r.volutlonory13 Repose 

1 Edible root .1 ' \/e.t Sid. Story' 18 Unit of light 
5 HI ... III. grtetillg choract.r 19 Concise 

10 Actor Joh. - .8 lodll< .ign 2. SoIndry usorllllent 
14 Mr. Strlvln.ky SO Coptaln of the 25 ""scular _ 
15 Pl..-p Peqt<od 26 ' ... ge 
16 Not fil.... 51 Dr .... llk. stitt pro-27 Distinguishing 
17 Gr_t1c.1 tlboo ducod by drug. qu.l1ty 

(p1.) 54 Gr_tlc.1 taboo 28 Stops 
20 - on (u~) sa On the oc •• n 29 "- of the South 
21 - Bator.Nongol II 59 Laughfng S ... • 
ZZ Ou.t 60 Type of shirt 31 F_s cow 
23 GrHk ..,lc I>O*t 61 Throw 32 M.k. holy 
25 LOIId totrIIlng sign.1 62 - gun J. f>roof ..... d.r ' s .. rk 
21 ","k phHo.ophtr 63 Mike eyes .t 37 Festl .. 
29 S~_ 38 _. nut IS -
3D ElIYPtll" Mrth god DOWN .0 s.. wight 
33 . ....... t.d .1 Excu .. 
l4 'oc.hoIItu' cr.ft I NeIP - 44 !tit 
35 ActN .. L h _Oft Z EI~r 46 Operatic solo. 
36 Actor - Ro.r 3 F .... -'or-. II fight •• 7 OhMs 
37 , ..... ~lclln 4 Sphe.. 48 Ex. for pro.pec:-
38 Church proJlCti.., 5 lihUe poj)l... thl 1_. 
Jt T.lophoM cOlllp.ny 6 Of the __ .9 - focto 
.0 NI_sota T~ln 7 Drift .ni .. " SO _t •• I.tlnc. 
41 .... _t or '.rthest 8 Gluttonous per • .., 52 Helnou. 

mlt11 point 9 Socl.ty of doctors 53 Futh.l 
4Z Coli ... I" 10 In .. 1st."c. 55 To collectors 

110 .... 1110 11 BrHki"9 • nuty 56 - 10 the bud 
13 Fe_t.d 'rlnts hlblt 57 IIo.Itn9 te .. 

Over 200 Grlnningbird II every day connecting No.!h-
ern and Southern california. Give yoy,r __ campua r8p or 
PSA. bird ,Whittle ....... ,.. ... 

Page 9. Triton Times October 30, 1973 



Water Balloon Fight 

Halloween Nite Wet, Wild 
As we approach the an-

niversarv of the annual 
Halloween Night Argo Hall 
Water Balloon Fight, it 
seems only fitting to give the 
incoming student some idea 
of the glorious past and some 
of the tradition permanently 
esconsed in the hearts and 
rhinds of us all . 

Firstly, last year water 
balloon fights were not 
banned, only frowned upon, 
by the residence hall ad-
ministrators, until 
Halloween. This could be 
because instead of going 
Trick-or-Treating, the 
residents of Argo Hall (along 
with outside agitators from 
as far away as Beagle and 
Tenaya ) found a new way of 
washing the tear, sweat, and 
blood stained walls of the 
aforementioned place. 

In the process, several 
complaints were raised 
about flying glass, from 
several broken windows, 
joining the flying water, and 
second floor people yelling 
the loudest about un-
defendable positions. 

This year's fight shapes up 
as the battle of the top floors, 
unless of course second floor 
tries another surprise attack 
with mortars (fire ex-
tinguishers , with hand 
pumped being the only ones 
accepted by the Geneva 
Conference on Water Balloon 
fights) and grenades (none 
other than the water balloons 
themselves) , in which case 
fourth floor should pick up 
the trophy with third floor a 
distant second. 

No mat!.e" who comes in 
first, las' place will be 
decided between second 
floor and ~ny unlucky people 
caught wan~cring arount! or 
spectating from first floor . 
This is only fair since we all 
know that the trajectory of a 
flying projectile is 

Now tnat you know the 
history of the fight it is time 
to get dowlI to the fun-
damentals and strategy of 
this fast moving and 
dangerous game: 

Rule 1/1: The Gri~never 
grip the water baUoon 
harder than needed to be 
able to toss it to its intended 
target. Failure to observe 
this rule usually results in 
the balloon- dis(orging its 
contents on the thrower. 

Rule 112: The Throw-once 
the right pressure on the grip 
is found, the thrower may 
now pick his intended target. 
Many techniques are used, 

among them the un-
trustworthy behind-the-back 
and under-the-legs tosses, 
but the best are the baseball 
throw or underhanded toss, 
depending on wi. 're the 
target is. If the target is 
above, the recommended 
throw would be the un· 
derhanded toss, while if the 
target is below or across the 
way, the baseball throw 
should be employed. Mixing 
up or trying other techniques 
will also usually end up in a 
shower of not so refreshing 
liquid that sometimes passes 
for water in San Diego, as in 
Rule 111. 

Rule 113: Positioning-
when one is throwing his 
projectile, it is imperative 
that he remain alert at all 
times, so as not to be struck 
by a projectile approaching 
him at a high velocity. The 
idea of this exercise is to 
strike without being struck . 
Any Lelic'''c~ ,." tnP. -Golden 
Rule should definitely stay in 
their rooms on this night. 

parabolirolly downward (as Rule 1/4 : Defense--as 
proven ir, Dr. Wong 's 2-A someone once said. the best 
Physics class, as well as the defense is a strong offense 
annual Watermelon toss) . and the more offensive you 
This tendency of the are, the less anyone will 
projectile to curve down- want to get close enough to 
wards will usually result in it you to hit you with a balloon. 
dumping its contents on the Balloons also seem to keep 
lower floors of the hall, and away from the more of-
any objects (such as homo fensive people, up to the 
sapiens) that happen to get point of changing their 
in the way. trajectory away for no 
Page 10, Triton Times Oc tober 30, 1973 

physical reason. However, if 
you are not as offensive as 
the average resident 
student, good legs and a 
small body will be to your 
advantage. If neither one of 
these fit you, GOOD LUCK! ! 

Logistics ar_e also an 
important matter to con· 
sider, since running rut of 
ammunition halfway 
through the fight will usually 
result in a very wet and 
uncomfortable night. 

Therefore, it is necessary to 
stock up on balloons of dif· 
ferent types and sizes as well 
as to make sure that there 
are plenty of dry clothes and 
towels around once a truce 
has been decreed. 

Now that all have been 
informed of the calamity 
about to beset them, these 
last closing words should be 
said (no matter how much it 
hurts): " Go to your rooms, 

and when the bell sounds 
come out fighting. Make 

sure this is a nice, clean fight 
( this does not mean to fill the 
balloons with soapy water or 
sha ving cream) and no 
punching below the belt 
(unless the belt is around the 
neck). This fight as a II other 
water balloon fights will be 
governed by the In· 
ternational Water Balloon 
Commission, who will send 
Polish, Jewish, Arab and 
Canadian observers to 
oversee the action. Anyone 
caught violating the rules 
will be subject to having 
their membership revoked 
along with a $100 fine ." 

With this happy note we 
leave with this parting 
message; the TI will have 
reporters on the scene to 
bring you the latest on this 
illustrious event, but 
PLEASE do not aim for their 
hats. 

~CAMPUS D TRAVEL SERVICE 
UCSD International Center 

See Bill Keller, 452-06:JJ 
10·12 am, 2-5 pm, Mon. thru Fri. 

CHRISTMAS CHARTER FLIGHTS 

NEW YORK $170 
LA/New York 

LEAVES 

TIA DC-8 Dec. 14 

CHICAGO $145 
LA/Chicago 
American 707 Dec. 14 

MEXICO CITY $149 
LA/Mexico City 
United DC-8 Dec. 15 

THE BAHAMAS $160 
LA/Freeport 
TIA DC-8 Dec. 14 

RETURNS 

Jan. 1 

Jan. 1 

Dec. 29 

Dec. 29 
Available only to UCSD students, faculty, staH 

and their immedia te . families 

Also 
Tripping Magazine 
International Student 1.0. cards, 
Youth Hostel Cards, Group travel arranged 
Eurail Passes, Passport Applications, 

Women Spikers 
Still Undefeated 

In Wednesday's tilt with 
Palomar Junior College our 
Women's Intercollegiate 
Volleyball Team prevailed 
once again. They remain 
undefeated in five matches. 
In a rough first game, 
Palomar downed the 
sluggish Triton squad 16-14. 
In talking with Caplin Sue 

\ Papanek, she was of the 
opinion this was the toughest 
game they had played this 
season . Excellent serving 
forced approximately 80% of 
the Triton's passes into the 
net or over the net. In· 
cidently, Sue added that she 
was quite excited about the 
second bldck of her 
volleyball career. 

In the second game the 
Tritons came blazing back 
with a 1s..c1 victory. Although 
the score indicates a con-
vincing win, this was not the 
case. The Tritons were 
forced to struggle for this 
victory and with the help of 
Tina Flammer's hitting, 
they were able to reach their 
goal. Karen Pacior did her 
usual excellent job on 
defense as she dove for many 
of tile Palomar girl's spikes. 
Brandy Klein also con-
tributed to the victory by 
playing her usual steady 
game. 

J,n the third game the 
Tritons fell behind 11-1, due 
to some more errant 
passing. They finally jelled 
and went on to victory 1$-12, 
making this their fifth 
consecutive victory. 

Also worth mentioning was 
a laughter out at Municipal 
Gym with USIU's girls team. 
The Tritons had no mercy on 
their inferior opponents as 
they breezed to viCtory in 2 
straight games. 

In the first game, the 
Tritons led 14-0, they seemed 
to doze off for a while only to 
wake and find tiley had won 
15-5. 

The second game ' proved 
to be less of a challenge than 

the first, as the Tritons 
glided to a 15-3 victory. If you 
haven't seen these hot little 
hands in action, come and 
watch another fine UCSD 
intercollegiate team. 

Hoopsters Start 
Year With Pair 
Of Scrimmages 

Coach Reeves 1973 Triton 
Basketball Squad opens its 
preseason this week with a 
pair of scrimmages in their 
home gym. On Wednesday, a 
tall, talented Marine Corps 
team visits the campus 
followed by the San Diego 
Mesa College Team on 
Friday. Both scrimmages 
begin at 4: 15. 

The Tritons have all 
Southern California center 
Paul Trainer back and a host 
of J.C. transfers. Joe Coil, 
M.V.P. from Riverside City 
College and George calhoun, 
a teammate, are both out· 
standing prospects as is 
Steve Kirches who sported a 
16.5 average last year at 
canada College and Jim 
Swilli from New Mexico J .C. 
Steve Higgens, an a'lI 
country selection from La 
Jolla High, is back from last 
year's team as is Ron Werft. 
Up from the frosh teams is 
Mark Read and Rusty 
Knight, the leading scorers, 
along with Bill Hoffman, 
Bruce Hanley and Al Clark. 

The regular season begins 
November 14 at home 
against an A.LA. all star 
team from Phoenix at 8:00 
p.m. 

The OCSD team this year 
will feature a fast break 
attack with a variety of 
pressing defenses which 
should provide fans with an 
exciting brand of Basketball. 

ACTION is PEACE CORPS/v'IST A 
Your liberal arts skills in Sociology, 
History, Psychology, Political 
Science and other subjects are 
needed overseas and here at 
home. Civil Engineering, Mathl 
Science, Education and English 
seniors apply now. 

Revelle Informal Lounge 
or phone 293·5083 

9 a.m. - 3 p.m. 
Oct. 29 • Nov. 2 

The incurable Romanties, the Triton 
Wargaming society, are once again 
slipping into their illusions of grandeur. 

This Saturday the Society will celebrate 
the coup of coups, the 18th of Brumaire, 
the date on the revolutionary calender of 
Napolean's ascent into power as the 1st 
Consul of the .French. The wargamers will 
be in Tioga Hall from noon to midnight in 
room 1102. 

It has been claimed that the Triton 
Wargaming Society is the last major 
refuge on UCSD for fanatical 
Bol1apartists. While this may be an 
exageration, the facts remain that all the 
officers in the club are Francophiles in the 
extreme. 

I : ] 
Now 4230 RECEIVER with BUILT· IN DOLBY' 

No", M.,.1tfJ Mt~. tMtr top 
quettty 4HO ..,... rKet.,.,.. ..tth 
BUILT-IN DOLe"1 TIM.,..,,·_ 
--.,. ..... --..... 
---"""-_. --'-.. ...., .. ""'-. 
- .. _ elton. c_. c"",. 

H •• rlnt I. "U.~/n., and you won t belie.. it untlt ,OU he., h i 1he 
Dolby' , now bu5tt-ln to the M.,.m .. 
1.1:ef •• ra, .nd new ••• itab6e .t 

Wr ..... • • • Only $449 .95 
,..,nw'!I "';1 

' I'<h.e'tlJII" I 

Triton 

Wargruning 

Society 

........................... 

................................... 

1 WEST COAST PREMIERE 1: 
to;;;";;; ~.;;~.; ;~ ... ~ ~· .. ;;·#;:;~· .. i: 

ot the globr 

JABBERWOCK 
Improbabilities l ived and 

Imagined 
by JAMES THURBER In Ihe 

I lcliona! city o! 
Columbus. Ohio 

Made Into a pley by 
JEROME LAWRENCE & 

ROBERT E. LEE 

~ 

- l- ~~'> l~, ..J3 
l,...J r;~ 
Now Playing 

JabberwDck II populated 'lt llh 
apC)eallng non~conformllts .n~ 
joying their unique IIv.. .. 
cap ture. the alienee of the 
independent Am erican spirit 
be!ora World War I 

SUlllle.led For the Entire F.mll~ 

'QlII30~lIO to 

Peare 
hundreds of American and 
Vietnamese who died in a 
war that offici a Uy ended just 
a few months ago? Do these 
same people. who once 
despised the use of B·52's, 
napalm. and other ungool,Y 
instruments of war, now 
support the r cent build-up 
by th U.S. govemment of 
aircraft carriers and 
Ma rines to the 

'You have seen pictUres of Buchbinder , 
sometimes of the Triton Times, but 
always of the Wargaming Society. He 
claims to be methodical as Marshall Sou It. 

The infamous Soto, often assualted as 
being completely Fascist, often fancies 
himself as Marshall Davout or in his more 
fanatical moments the heroic MarshaJl 
Ney. 

Could it be that the Triton Wargaming 
Society is the avantgard for a new 
political movement? Can the society 
salvage the reputation of the Corsican 
corporat? The society hopes for affirmitive 
answers. The Society wants you. 

Celebrate the 18th Brumaire th is 
Saturday. It certainly inspires the mind . 

"Vive l' Empereur" 

cont.i.nued from page 9 
Mediterranean " just in 
case"? 

This letter i~ not to con· 
done the actions or ac-
cusations made by either 
side. It is just composed of 
alot of questions that can be 
ummarized into one 

question : " Doesn' t anyone 

, ~ - .. 

last Tuesday's 
Crossword 

careaboutpeaceanymore?" ,. .. _ ... ~ _____ .. 

Richard Van Alstine 

25%, 
10% off all tock 
Yo & OVo off 

at 

Maggi Kirkpatrick's 
2246 Ave. Qe. la Pl aya 

La Jolla Shores 
Needlepoint, Yarns etc: 
Hand-Painted Designs by Barbara Batcheller 

& Alice Peter on 
Patternayarn Persian Yarns 

Knitting Yarn 
Rugs - Rug Yarns 

Crewel 

PaR 



.. 

~---..... -----------------announcemp-nr~---...... 

ANNOUNCING 

DEADLINE NOTICE: Due deadlines for classified ads and announcem nts : 
Friday at5 p .m . for Tu day paper : Wednesday at5 p.m . for Friday paper . 

tuesday 

BLACK GO PEL 'HOIR : meet 7 :00 
p .m . Tue " Winzcr Commons Lounge 
B B 151ft. M.C. For info. Call Michelle 
4!;''l-6635( ETl 

Those Interested in lacrosse. come to 
the (irst meeting on Tues . Oct. :10 in 
USB 3060 at 7 :00 for enrollment of 
players . 110/261 

The He Noelani Polynesian Dance Co 
is now recruiting new dance students . 
Classes are held every Tue at 6 :30 
p .m at the Intrnl Ctr. 110/301 

Room B in the Chancellor's Complex. 
Further information available at th 
Career Planning Library . Muir H 
6th noor. room 6033( 10/301 

AMES FILM SERIES Fall Quarter 
schedule (10731 Oct. 30 Eulerian and 
LaGrangian Des. In Fluid Meehanics 
Fluid Mechanics Film . Nov . 6 
Deformation of Cont. Media Fluid 
MechaniCS Film. Place : Room 2622 

SB T1ME : I :00-2 :00 Day Tues (11/61 

TIIIRD COLLEGE STUDE T · 
/ PROVO. T RAP SESSION . Provost 

Watson will be meeling with all Third 
College Students on Tues. Oct. 30. al 
3:30 p.m . in the Rec . Center Bldg. 711 
Matthews. FINA CIAL AIDS OF· 
FICE representatives will attend and 

ATTE TION liANG GLIDERS ! ex plain their policies. procedures and 
liang Gliding Club Today at 7 In bldg . allocation schedules and answer 
2D 1128. Club organi7.alion and wings gencral questions. ( 11 / 30 1 
will be discussed 110/ 3111 

Representatives from the IIASTINGS wednesday 
COLLEGE OF' LA W Will be on campus 
from 9 a m to noon Tues Oct. 30 They 
are interested primarily tn com. 
municating their graduate programs 
to minority students No appomtm nt SENIORS : COLLEGE MEETI GS 
is required - come by Conference s tudents . facully . & s taff for 

discussions on "Graduate school : 
"Are YOU s ure'you're aoina to lIet in" 

Oct . 31. 4 :(10 • 6:00 p .m . Revelle ilL 
Ann(')( IIHIlI. Introduetion by Dr. 
Ledden . Friday. Oct. 26. 1:00 . 3:00 
p.m . Matthews Campus Conference 
Room A Introduction by Dr . Morl 
Shaevitz Director of Career Planning 
& Placement . MUll. Oct . 29. 7:00 • 9:00 
p.m .: Muir AP/M 92A 2113. In · 
lroduction by Dr . Daniel Munoz . 
Counselor at Muir College. (10/30) 

Hepresentatives from NION 
OMPA Y will be on campus Wed . 

Oct. 31. conducting interviews. Th y 
arc looking for Ph . D.s in 
CIIEMISTRY to conduct polymer 
and/or hot melt adhesives research. 
For further info. and appoint 
scheduling come to Ihe areer 
Planning Library . Muir IISS. 6lh rloor. 
rm W33 .110/301 

Trident ('hristian Fellowship 7:30 p.m . 
Rev lie In£. Lounge Speaker· Ed 
Bradley All welcome 110/301 

ALL JEWISH STUDENTS : First 
meeting. Union of Jewish Students . 
lIelp devclop a much ·needed Jewish 

'community at UCSD. Wed .. Oct. 31. 
7:30 p.m . . Revelle Informal LoWlge 
110/301 

S)',;I"m~ ~:lllli lll,('I'S. ,lperations. ,md 
1I'~'ruitillj( V,"' rurt!l('r info and 
"ppoin( ""Iw'dulitllt 1'010,'10 the ('arcrr 
1'1""llllllll.ihrary. l\1uil' IISS . r~h noor. 
I'In Im:I.!ItI/:lIlI 

KAHAT~:· K.,S · If yoU ",,,nl your 
AAK~' c((rds <llld ('('rtiricates Idating 
from 1971 ·AuR :III. 1!173 1 he at Ilym 's 
main rloor each Thurs . :1-4 pm .. Ill' 
come to 519 Drake lIall . 1\1 . 45.1· 
!1l32( I O/:a; 1 

The Triton Wargaming Society meels 
thi s and every Thurs night in 1102 
Tioga 11011. Muir· We meet from li :30·2 

ewcoml'rs wl'l 'ome. (F:TI 

The Aztee duh of San Di go State 
University IS s ponsoring the 1973 ski 
Festival It will be at Monlezuma Hall 
from 7 to 10 :30 on ov . I Ther will he 
displays. equipment demonstrations . 
films . fashion sbows and door pri7.cs. 
It 's free . 110/301 

general 

UC 0 Veterans Club. The U D Hepresentatives from the ATOMIC 
Veterans Club will be meeting th first ENERGY OMMISION will be on 
wed of every month . at 12:00 p.m in campus F'ri. Nov. 2. conducting in· 
lhe Intrnl clr. All vet attending U D terviews . They are looking for BAs 
ar invited .ItO/:.I) and MAs in PHYSICS. E 0 OMICS. 

FOUHTH COLLEGE : There will be a 
meeting of students interested in in· 
ve nting alternatives for Fourth 
College at 3 p.m Wed . lOcI. 311 in the 
lower Blak Lounge. ( 10/:.11 

thursday 

Representatives from ELECTI{ONIC 
DATA SYSTEMS will be on ('ampus 
Thur Nov 1. conducting intervlcws 
They are looking for BAs and MAs in 
ANY MAJOR. preferably MATII or 
COMP T~~ H S lEN E for some 
positions Pos itions offered are ' 

and technical fields. for work in a 
vari ty of positions . For further info 
and appoint schedul ing come to the 
Career Planning Library . Muir H S. 
6th noor . rm 6033. ( 11 /21 

Prof. Tyler Burge of UCLA will 
discuss his paper " Mass Terms. Count 

ouns . a nd hange" Friday . Nov . 2. 
2:30 p .m Hevell Formal Lounge 
111 / 2) 

U(,SD fx-partml'nts of Llteralure and 
Drama prcsenl jointly Aim~ (','salre 's 
HET R TO MY ATIVF: LA O. a 
multimedia reading hy Floyd Gaffney 
I Drama Depll . directed hy Michel 

Renamou I Lit Drpt .l. with slide!lllnd lIistory" in rm 2C 11111 lit 4 p.m . on 
music from Martinique . At 22.'iI1 Bldg . ~'ridllY ov 2nd. Admission i~ frC(' 
2·D. Nov H. 1973 at " : (MI p m . III/6) (11/21 

The surf club is having a meeting 
lonight in 2C 1110 at 8 pm. The In· 
traclub contest will be this coming Sat 
morn . Please l'Om~ 10 the meet for 
details and other n WS. (1 1/21' 

ATT~:NTION CIIICA AS 
M JEH will be having a juntu and 
lunch . II will he held Sat Nov 3 at 2 
p.m. at Lower DcAnza Third College 
Dorms. MUJER will meet next Wed 
Oct. 31 at4 p .m . in the 2;,11 hldR. of MC 
to discuss Ihe comida. the Chicana 
Class and otber issues of inlerest to 
Chicanas. 111/13) 

Michael Meiselman . a memher of the 
Department of History at alifornia 

late University . Fullerton will speak 
on "Statistics and the Study of 

SUBSCRIPTIONS 
TRITON TIMES 
LOWER BLAKE HALL 
UCSD 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 

There will he no Ski Cluh meet 
week hut the AII-C;,I ticket sales wll 
continue as usual in rm 19 of the new 
R.vm flll'ility from !l· 12 on Tu S. and 
Thurs and from 9·2 on Monel. W~d . and 
Fri . If YOU have previously plln'hased 
your ticket and haven't picked up ~'Our 
actual licket boarding IXISS pleas,' 
,'ome 10 I'm 19 al saml' hour~ . 1 10/3111 

All s tudents interested in 
F:ducalion Ahl'oad Program Sbol 
alt nd a m .. ~ting at 7::.1 p.m. on Thl 

oV . 151h at the International ('ent. 
A movie made h UC stud .. nl. will 
shown . U(,SD students returned fl'( 
ahroad will speak. and coffel' a 
l'Ookies will be served! Nov . 16th is I 
appli cation deadline for those I 
Ie rested in the UK and Irelm 
program 11974· 19751 . January 15th 
the deadline for the universities in I 
following cOWllries : Francl'. G. 
many . Spain . lIaly. Is ra!:!. .Iapa 
Lebanon . Mexico . Ghana . Ken., 
Norway . Sweden. and 1101 
Kong .III/BO 

YIS. I WOULD LlKI A SU •• CRIPnON TO 
THI TRITON TIMIS FOR: 

O FALl 0 WlITEII OUAITEII OUMTEII 
(12.501 (12.501 

o SPlllII 0 EmIlE 
OUAmlt TEAll 
(12.501 73-74 

(17.001 

NAME 
ADDRESS 
CITY 

STATE.ZIP 
SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDER'PAYABLE 

TO TRITON TIMES. WE ARE NOT 
RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST MONEY 

~--ads for ourselves------------------~ 
. 

services 
WOME TRAINEES 
We train wom 'n as " handymen" for 
self mployment. lass s tarting soon . 
Call Project Repair . 295·5269 Mor· 
ntngs bt!sttlme 111 /21 

I STHUCTORS 
Industrtal Arts inslructors to tram 
women for self mployed vocatIOn tn 
hom repairs Call 29:Hl377 at ProJ('cl 
Repair Mor}ltngs besU 11 /21 

DREAM INTERPRETATIO 225~119 
110/301 
HANG GLIDI G LESSONS : LEARN 
how to self soar on the (inest wings 
available. 755-9533 (10/301 
Pregnant and Troubled ' San Di"l!o 
Pro· Life League can help YOU ftnd 
alternatives to abortion all 8.53· 
L1H: 
( 10/ 30 1 

Part Time eventngs door to door 
canvass ,"vite people to lunch 2.50 h r 
plus bonu.~ . Call .5' 30 to 7:00 272· 
7228( II / 21 

Lost grn s piral notebook psych . ling . 
lit notes pi case call 7,ss·57521 II /2 ) 
FO NO : Woman 's watch . 10/25 by 
Revell tennis courts on grass call & 
describe 4.52·88951 11 /2 1 

~'() ND men 's grey plaid nanncl 
shlrlfL ). makde in Japan . Inquire 

FO NO : men 's gray plaid flannel 
shirt ILl . made tn Japan Inquire at 
Trtton Times office . Turned tn-ilon 't 
know where it was found 111121 

Recent Grad I Du~e '72 B.A. Zoo) 
w/ penchd'it for Immuno /· 
neuropharmacology . lately bound to 
membrane StudlCS at Duke sk pt. time 
"nkag w/area lab . Ion transporter. 
quantum mechanic . e xperienced 
cofft'C·brewer catecboiamlOe· fincier 
Please' o. Frogs' Favorite amino 
aCid Tryplophan [)ens ie 4.59-6282 
lafter 61 111 /21 Found Grn otebook for Math 2D at 
Car Pool ? Ilive in P B. & I have a car Gulf Station on La Jolla Viliag Or. 
w/ parking s ticker Call )(j ch at 272. Pi 'k UP at TT office 111/2 ) 
3194 ves 111 / 21 

FOU DON I{EVELLE PLAZA : on 
WANTED : A good mural painter to do pocket knife . describe a nd it 's yours . 
a room mural. Russell : ext. 1724 or 488-6425( 11/21 
3:126 Bonner Hall (11/2 1 

persona' 
LOST TEXT Lipsey & Steiner 
Economics Left in USB 2622 on 10/18 
7,sHIG39 (11/21 

Expert Typing experienced on all LO~I : Wir ·rmd. glasses Revelle cal. 
types of papers. manuscrtpts . Fast. I..ady of th Canyon· Thurs night. Call 755-S888 111/21 
excellent grammar and spelltng IBM I do love you That Will n vcr change Lost. Reward ' Blue courdoroy jacket. 
Selectrtc Clairemont area Ca ll tbe Blue boyIlO/ :.I 1 P .O 4.554 . 4!;2. 1638( 10/30) 
Manlyn al .565-711611110/ :\111 

Anyone tOter sted in primal th rapy 
call Kam or Penn 291 ·37fi3 .1 11 / 2 ) 

w2nted 
Wanted · m.dium ·large mcn '~ long 
JOhns Call Itdlael at 452·1:006 
The Ski (,ha " t ;, loowonp for kl tn . 
~tructors Ap )Iy at 41104 Sporls Arena 
Blvd ( 111/30 ) 

WANTED ' " r Gut Zu' all Lloyd al 
4.52·88ffi 1I11/~) ) 

Wanted Pa I Truck Paul 452 17~i 
( 1O/~)) 
Double bed "oll1plet(' . inrxpens lvr 
lIa veSlnglcto trade/hell ~~rlc f>I\.'\-4t41 
dayS 110/30 1 
Wantt'<l O\'K' sturdy t1C!1k Call 7r~'>-
19:16 1101:1111 

EEO IUO~;HS TO • ANTA nt Z 
EAHLY ~'rl 11/2 to share gas/driVing 
I v me . wI faryann 4!;'1~.n41 11 / 2) 
VW !\UtIroof With a hlown engm 
Prefer rl4 fj7 model ('all C'hrt at 51\2. 
4124 (10/:.11 

housing 
WalkJng distance from uCSO snazzy 
La .Jolla Villag apt. couples or fem 
~ing 223-8987110/301 

LOST : 10/19 Lorge macrame key 
chain with two keys . 453·9034110/301 

LOST : Mandann textltook 
"EI mentary Otines .. 722·2086 Call 
coli t if long-di~tancel 10/301 

NI'I'<l fem"lc rmte . to share part furn ItEWAHD ( lightly used Lik·M ·Stick 1 
2 hd apt . Del Mar ncar heach F:laine For info about Frightly Fragile 
7 MlSI7 ( 10/ :1111 Fantom 452~216 (10/301 
Iloom for rent in 3 />eo I 0011. ocea nVI w 
home $8:1. mo. We do Yoga 204l I.OST· Bausch & Lomb Pl'rSCrtptlocl 

~:dtnburg St Cardiff 110/:1111 sunglasses wmctime Mon afternoon 
('all [)on 755-59:l4( 10/:10 ) 

Vahulous older bome to sha re With 
rtgh person or couple 1.01' of room 
('AlII 28.1·4122 or 2lI7~288 1 1O/301 

~'O ND ' 1(}-22 bike cham and padlock. 
cas hardened amcn 'an made lock . 
ca ll 45.1·74811 evcntngsl 1(1/301 

I need place Il'Ss $7\J mo. I cook WI'll 
also n ed rtde to Denv r or t.oramle 1l~:WAIl() for return of maroon und 
'I)on J .. ff 751 259111/31 gold fountatn p('n lost on campus Call 

lost & found 
LOST mv f vortte gr n &. go ld choker 
nccklacr omrwhcre on campus last 
Wed 110/241 IlI'ward for anyone wbo 
find It and r 'urm' It to me 1>t1l111 

2 l"iz:J( 11/21 

~uP 45:~71I(lO/3111 

I.OST ~ikol\lanles lot I watch near 
~ulr Pool. last wel:--k . Heward' Pet . 
!;.1·7 104 I 10/301 

~'O () r~'<l and dark B1uc I'('n 
delton . I took It to ( 'Iu ' .'r Illb I.OST 

() FO NIJ Jane 110/301 

Page 12, Triton Tim s 0 tober 30, 1973 

for sale 
'6.1 Whil e Pontiac Stu/Wg good eond . 
S2OO· 454·5997 . ( 11 /21 

1949 Chrysler . Windsor . 4 dr ~~xcel. 
Cond. Xtra Eng . & Trans ClaSSIC $75(1 
45.1-5347 111/2) 

5 ('UF'T HF:FHIG~~RATOn 1 YH. 
OLD $60 • Schwinn Varsity. \0 sp good 
cond $45 Call David 224·1938 111/21 

Ventura 12-5tring Guitar $80 and an 
old Corn t $40 274-4151111/21 

SU HFBOAHDS : 6'3" .22" wide. excel 
condo $30 or best offer . EI Paipo 
Kneeski w/handls . S20 Jon 270~566 
11 1/12-
Honda '72 Coupe 13.000 mi mag wh els 
S1.2OO. Call M- F 9·5 : 4.53·2000 X2125 
Or. Fanlino 111 /21 

Fon SALE : VW bug . Engine and body 
in Good Shape Needs new scat covers 
$300.00 4.52· 1477 111 /2) 

A KA I 355D tape deck . $200 or best 
offer . Larry Flesner XI3.s1 or 45:l-3504 
111/21 

'53 Ford one-owner S250 75:HllOO 
111/121 

F ndcr "Vi llager" Guitarll2 string ) 
with Plu.~h Hard Case Uke N w Cond. 
SI99 
274-4 I 3.s( 10/30 I 

CAL ULATORS! S39.95 pocketsi7.e. 
add . sub .. multi . divi . II Paul. 755-
6151 ev ns. 110/301 

Skits $I80·new Kcnnisel 0< Ited Slars 
em Solomen fil5 bindings frank 452. 
11655 I 10/:10) 
' fj7 f'ord Wagon $.1%. great for cam 
ping-(or!)et d & enclosed . r ·k . hitch 
& std eqpt 452~l706 ( 10/3111 
SI095/off to o'Wn '67 ~'ord P 1/2 ton . 
V8. w/ amper hell . hitch carpeted. 
gre<lt cond o 452-317 Dav 1I0/:JJ1 

TENNIS HA KE1'S : Wilson 'nOOO 
Davi cia I ' : SI5 ea . SUJU'BOAltD 
6'5" 21 " wid . $15. Glen 453 · 

4~1I0/:JJ I 

'65 Ford Wagon Perf condo Low 
mileage ew auto lrans $49(1 or 
orfer . 453-!J272.fl 1121 

PHILIPS 212 electronic turntable w . 
Stanton fi81E:F~ and extra s tylus. 755· 
S.5361 10/30 I 

750 .C. orton Commando. 1971 BI<lck 
Hoadster . Clean. only fiOO() mi $850!!' 
436-0632110/:101 

Simon and Schuster 's International 
Di 'tionary . English/Spanish/~:llglIsh 
$10 ew. 4.53-6178( 10/ 301 

3' x 5' blue formica top dinncllc table. 
c lea n SI~ ~~ves 272~2291 10/30) 

Ford pickup: good mech condition 
best off rover $400 459-88221111/301 

'64 Studebaker Commander $175 or 
best o£(er . T rry 4.54·5830110/301 

SAE PHEAMP for sale. new with 
warranty . S200 755-6537( 10/301 

'63 Chevy. 4dr . vB 283 GOOD nUN. 
NING CONDo 200$ Call after 6 p .m. 

raig 488-8571110/30 ) 

For Sale : 1963 Gilera Motorcycle. 
300cc Huns Good $9(J . Call (487·28421 
after 6:30 or Evelyn at x·IS6l 9-1 Fri. 
(10/:'>1 

F'OR SALE : BSH Turntable with 
Shure cartiridge and Dust 

ovcr.SSS.OO new. yours for $40.00 453-
5200. nights . weekends .CIO/30 1 
19fc8 Triumph Oatona motorcycle 
·Iean. low mileag . orig. owner S650. 

488-4285 (10/:.11 
Biology Today SIO HM Books Glen at 
278-8174 MWF aft r G 110/301 
W lsuit Diving Thickn medium 
size , not worn on n asking $25 . Jim at 
52·1655 (10/301 

MUST SELL- Fischer Superlla 
RSL:Il5 cm. vcr used No bindlnas . 
$85. 4fI9-l1O.531 10/30) 
Oriental Rugs Call 453·2000 F;xt 2750 
t:v 75:>-3783 I 10/301 
~·()It SALE . 1968 VW poptop OImper 
(l97t II() III' t'flljln I Sh , .~ Heautlful 
12 ...... 1:i.'i-11IG .lip, ~II.''''I 

Kra II ·Trivclpiece · 
plasma physics . 
61781 IO/~1 

Principles of 
w . $20 453· 

'65 Dodge Coronel. power str . hrks : 
auto trans : air : radio tires S2110 or 
o£(er. Call 488·9779 eves.llO/301 

AM - FM TUN~:H Lafayette 725A with 
center and strength meter . muling . 
etc . 755-6536110/30 1 

Paramount Tenor Banjo Wm Lange 
, tyle B gold ·mlnt S3fi1 Hare BaL'OIl & 
Day. Clean $ISO 577·.5797110/ 301 

1I0memade camper : si nk . stov' . 2 
large double bunks . $45 422·2514( 10/:.11 

Surfboards : 6'7" good for beglnnet 
good shape . S:~I Also G&S.7 1/2. $4~ 7! 
5797110/301 

INn:HNATIONAI. THAV~~L AI 
$375 or hest offer . Hoof r<l k . Ne 
tires . good condition 272 !IR 
evC5. 110/:.1 I 

Haliegh Super Course. excel I. Fnt 
Bck lites . Rack . Pump. & Extras $1 
firm 234-6057 7:00 p .m .( 10/ :.1 ) 

travel 
FLiGIITS YEAH ROUND 
Europe . Orient. Isra I. Africa . Ais 
one·ways . Spec. XMA fl. to LO/\ 
DON. M NICH. TOKYO ince 195 
1ST . IN " 323 N. Beverly Dr 
Bev rly Hills. Ca . 90210. ph (213) 27~ 
81W 111/:.11 

IwnOPEAN CIJAI{1' EHS . Severl 
hedulcs available . Tea 'hers 1 

vic s 4626 Vista Long B('ac~ o"'fJ3 43: 
1134 111/2) 

CAMPUS TRAVEL S.::n'VI E 
INTt:ItNATIONAL ENTEIt 11)· 1: 
II m 2·5 p.m . 452.()63(1 rl tma 
Charter 10 New York . Chicaao. 
Mexico CIty. The Bahamas (10/301 

f:UHOPE · tSRAEL · AflUCA Student 
~'h his all year round. 'ONTACT 
IS A: 611:15 Unlver ity Av No. II San 
I>icao CallI. 92115 Tf:L: (714) 2117:1)10 
or (2131 826-O!Ki5 111/1 I 


