
Region in Laguna Mountains to Become Condominium Development? 
IIIcII DrIll 

Unless the public wakes up, San Diego's open spaces 
will lose another battle to a large land corporation. 

Landtec Corporation goes before the S.D. Board of 
Supervisors tomorrow, May 2, to ask for final approval 
to build private condominium campsites. This meeting 
will be the last chance to preserve this wilderness. 

According to Byron lindsley, a San Diego en-
vironmentalist, the loss of 1,500 acres of wilderness to 
landtec corporation will be terrible blow to the 
ci tizens of this county. 

The area in question is the Kemp Ranch in the 
laguna Mountains, east of San Diego. The Environmen-
tal Action Council of San Diego has surveyed the ~ite 
and reported on the impact that the developemnt 
wi ll have on the ecology. 

have expressed interest in purchasing this land for 
public use to prevent its destruction . 

The landtec Corporation denies that t~e develop-
ment will harm the environment and uses the En-
vironmental Impact Study, wh ich it had done, to 
support this view. 

But the study, done by five Phd's hired from out-of-
s.tate, does not present a true picture of the impact, 
according to the EAC. 

The EAC says that,for example, the study "distorts the 
adverse impacts that the development will have on the 
nearby California State University at San Diego obser-
vatory." According to astronomers, the observatory 
would "effectively be destroyed by the adverse affects 
of light and smoke pollution." 

" Half of the Kemp Ranch is covered by virgin forests, 
the other half is occupied by the laguna Meadows, one 
of the finest alpine meadows in San Diego county." 

Kill' flinch In lilt lIganl MOUltaIRS: Is It to becollle I 
condominium development or will It rlmlln IS It Is? 

Other criticisms lie in the fact that the land will only 
be able to be used by the wealthy few. The EAC says the 
only 5,000 memberships will be sold in the proposed 
project. 1,000 of these will be sold for $5,000 each and 
the rest for $3,000 each. "The meadow is three miles long and nearly a mile 

wide. Alpine meadows are rare in Southern Californ ia 
and especially in San Diego county. For this reason the 
lagu na Meadows is considered a unique scenic area 
and a rare and valuable resource." 

softball fields, firepits, and shuffleboard, volleyball and 
badminton courts. 

Even so the EAC estimates that on crowded 
weekends there will be over 3,000 vehicles and 12 to 
15,000 people on the 1,500 acre ranch. 

According to the EAC News Bulliten, landtec cor-
poration plans to " improve" the area by: 

Environmentalists all over San Diego protest the 
proposed development as damaging to the environ-
ment. They point to the already low water supply in the 
area and fear that any further use will destroy th area. 

The last chance to stop this development will be 
tomorrow at 2 p.m. in Room 358 of the County 
Administration Bu ilding. The building, located at 1560 
Pacific Highway, will be the site of the environmen-
talist's last stand to convice the Board of Supervisors 
that the area should not be developed by landtec 
Corporation. 

- paving over 26 miles of roads to provide acess to 
the private campsites. 

- laying many thousands of feet of water pipe, and 
sewage, power and drainage lines. 

- building a guardhouse, a children's Zoo, a rental 
shop, a general store, tennis courts, swimming pools, 

The U.S. Forest Service, according to the EAC, also 
recognises this danger and "is considering the 
cancellation of existing plans to construct additional 
public ca mpsites on the public lands which completely 
surrou nd the Kemp ranch." Two organizations, the Sierra Club and CAl-PIRG at 

236-1509 or the Sierra Club at 233-1882. In fact both the County and the U.S. Forest Service 

Volume 1 ,Number 9 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, May 1, 1973 

Dick Gregory He: America 
nm O'Neil 

The whole world is crazy, and the young people have a big job ahead; to bring sanity 
back to an insane nation," said Dick Gregory. 

Comedian and activist Dick Gregory spoke about "Social Problems : Social or Anti-
Social?" on April 25, at the Casa del Prado, Balboa Park. Sp'onsored by the Mandeville 
lecture Series, the lecture was the next to the last in this year's lecture series. 

Born in Saint louis, Dick Gregory has risen from a welfare family to become one of 
America's leading comedians. Besides countless nightclub appearances, he has six 
books and one record to his credit. Gregory was a write-in candidate for the 1967 
Chicago Mayor's Race, and also for the 1968 Presidential Race. 

"Violence does not solve anything. But the world is so crazy, they think violence will 
solve anything," stated Gregory. " When people have to commit violence to realize that 
something is wrong, they have to be crazy," he continued. 

" I see that the young people have a big job ahead. They have to bring sanity back to 
an insane nation ;" said Gregory, " And the only way that they can accomplish it, is by 
getting out of the ' nigger bag'." 

"America has always needed a 'nigger'. At first the Italians were the niggers in the 
'nigger bag,' then the Irish, then the Puerto Ricans, then the blacks, and finally today 
the young people," continued Gregory. 

"The young people are the niggers to the 10 New York Families;" stated Gregory, 
"The families like the kockefellers and the Du Ponts, who run this country for 
themselves." 

"What the young people have to do is jump out of the 'nigger bag', like the blacks 
did," stated Gregory, " But they have to do something new." 

"The you ng people have to say: ' have fun mama, we're the last niggers', and then 
close the ' nigger bag ', "said Gregory. 

Gregory then continued to say that the way for the young people to jump out of the 
'nigger bag' is to have a clean body. "Take Care of your body, get it all together, and 
you will not have to worry," said Gregory. 

Gregory also talked about his solid food fast, which has been effective for almost 2 
years. He said that he started the fas t in protest of the Vietnam War, and had planned to 
continue it until the war ended. 

When asked what he will 'do now that the war is over, Gregory replied, "I am 
continui ng the fast until All U.S. intervention in Vietnam is ended." 
. Gregory also pointed out that an invasion includes the use of ground troops, and an 
Incursion involves only the use of planes. 

"According to the U.S.," said Gregory, " We are only incurring upon North Vietnam, 
~hich is not considered to be war." " I su ppose Japan was not making war when they 
Incurred upon us at Pearl Harbor," added Gregory. 

Gregory also discussed the reasons behing the meat boycott. "They want you to think 
that some loW. housewife started it because of high prices, when they acually started it 
due to the lack of meat," stated Gregory. 

America is the number one exporter of meats in the world. "They hay to stop us 
from eating it so that they can export it," said Gregory. . 

Gr gory also explained that he was against birthcontrol methods, because It was 
tampering with nature. 

" I have a lot of babies because America told me not to," said Gregory, "and this stuff 
about population growth? This country reached zero population growth four years 
ago." 

Gregory summed up the situation in America by saying: " America has been lying to 
u all along, and th young people growing up are just not buying the lies-anymore." 

"And when they stop buying the lies, that is when the ' nigger bag' will be closed," 
conclUded Gregory. 

Harris: on the State of Man 
Nicholas Papadoponlos 

last Tuesday, April 24, T. George Harris, Editor-in-Chief of Psychology Today,spoke to 
the Society and Human Values class about the current state of modern man . Mr. Harris 
asserted that the modern era .is characterized by rising existentialism, conscious choice, 
and mysticism. 

Harris ' attributed the growing existentialism to increasing egalitarianism in t~e 
modern world . In the prior ages every man had a boss, so the need was felt for an 
infinite boss - God. The hierarchy ha built in guilt tendencies, hence the need for guilt 
absolving religions. With today's egalitarian society, Harris said, the need for a supreme 
authority, and hence guilt-absolving religions, is gone. Since a man's role is not clearly 
defined now, he must ask "what am I doing here?" Harris noted that existential 
questions were prevalent in popular literature before it became prevalent among 
intellectuals, e .g. on Broadway in "The Music Man ". 

A contributing factor to existential tendencies and the entire state of modern man, 
Mr. Harris stated, is the increasing need for conscious choice. Man has reversed the 
balance of power between himself and nature; it is now man who controls nature rather 
than nature controling man. Man is faced for the first time, Mr. Harris said, with the 
possibility of destroying the very environment he lives in . No longer can man make 
"accidental" choices regarding use of insecticides or production of cars. Mal) must be 
responsive to the comples systems that he is dealing with, Mr. Harris maintained. Man 
has other ranges of options, Harris said, he must now concern himself with the "right to 
die" question . According to John Fletcher's work, Harris maintained that we must strive 
to maintain the integrity of the man by not undertaking massive heroic intercessions 
when there is no reasonable chance of normal functioning. Mr. Harris al 0 said that 
Man now has options concerning which religious stimulus to choose; a person can 
choose one from many different cultures and peoples. 

In the past years, Harris said, the mechanistic model of the universe has lost some of 
its validity and has led to increasing mysticism. 

Physicists at UC Berkely, in their study of sub-atomic particles, have arrived at a model 
of the universal knowledge as an onion: one keeps peeling the layers but can never 
reach the cor . 

Continued on page 2 

Woman Found Dead at Coast 
A 76 year old French woman was murdered Saturday night on the service road of th 

UCSD Coa t apartments. 
Ms. Jeann Pipet , was found dead on the wooded road which lie just ea t of the 

apts., betwe n 5:45 and 6:00 Saturday night by a passerby. 
Ms. Pipet was in the United States visiting her on Roger Gendrir of 2726 Azul t. La 

Jolla . Gendrin, told the police that hi moth r had I ft shortly after 1 ive p.m. to mak a 
walking tour of the campus. 

Sh wa found hot in th back by a .22 caliber rifle. Police are un ur a to how man 
shots were fired , and are still working to r cov r th bullet. 

Th investigation, which is bing arri d out by th ar.~: IS'" r v:: ,l.d 0:' oJ 
turned up a su p ct. 

Donald Keith Dar y of 4756 Coronado Street, an Di go wa arr ted aturda, and 
booked for murd r. H i pr s ntly bing h Id in the an Diego County jail. 

Dar y, 30 Y ar old and pr ntly, un mploy d, wa th subje t of anoth r arch 
which took pi de thi w ek nd near campus. On Frida ,a man was s n crui ing Black 's 
Bach with a rifle. Poli e say that thi man was Darcy. 

Ms. Pip twa th moth r of a U.c. .D. taff member. 



"Rock of Ages" 
Tuesday evening, Ma y 8 in Revelle 

dining Hall " Rock of Ages" will be 
presented at 8p.m. An hour-long full 
color presentation, the film portrays a 
theme almost unheard of today. As 
stated by one of the organizers. In a very 
real and qualitative manner the film 
focuses on Reb irth , Truth, and celebra-
tion of an abundjlnt life . Its approach i 
effective not only in the music and 
narration, but in the overall centrality 
and unity of people loving life ." 

Immediately following will be a live 
concert Performance by a group of rock 
musicians from Ohio called "Pressed 
Down, Shaken Together, and Runn ing 
Over." Some of their songs are from 
their new album by the same title. h-
erpts of their music was used in the 
production of the " Rock of Ages" film. 

There will be a live concert preview at 
noon May 8 on Revelle Plaza . Admission 
for film and evening concert is $1 .50, 
payable at the door. 

Book Sale 
Nearly 5,000 hardbound and paper-

back books, plus a few prints and 
lithographs, will go on sale to the public 
Saturday and Sunday, May 5 and 6, on 
the entrance walk to the Central Univer-
sity library. 

The sale, sponsored and conducted by 
the Friends of the UCSD Library, will be 
held from 10:00a.m. to 4:00 p.m. each 
day. The Central University library will 
be open at the same time for visitors. 

The Friends of the UCSD library is 
made up of community members, UCSD 
faculty and staff, and others who support 
the UCSD Library through the building 
of special collections and by raising 
funds to support the library's growth. 
According to Mrs. Laird Lando", Presi-
dent of the Friends, most of the books 
and prints to be sold were collected by 
or donated to the members over a long 
period of time for the sale. Prices will be 
reasona ble, averaging 50¢ per volume. 

Proceeds from the sale will be used by 
the Friends to continue the purchase of 
books that are needed to build the 
various special UCSD collections. 

May Day 
UCSD Young Workers liberation 

League will be having a May Day 
celebration, Thursday, May 3, in 201 MC 
7:30p .m. Henry Winston, National 
Chairman for the Communist Party in 
the U.S., will be the grest speaker. 
Winston was born in Mississippi in 1911, 

the grandson of a slave. At the age of 19 
he joined the Young Communist league 
and entered the struggles of the un-
employed in New York City. In the 
1930's he was a leader of the YCL. He 
participated in the National Hunger 
march in Washington in 1932. 

Over the years he has held a variety of 
leadership positions in the Communist 
Party, USA. In 1956 he began an eight 
year prison sentence under the Smith 
Act. While in prison he became blind 
and world-wide protests brought about 
his release in 1961. During the past year 
and a half he gave special attention to 
organizing the movement for the 
freeing of Angela Davis. 

Health Care 
A UCSD Extension program on 

national health care will be held from 9 
a.m. to 5:30 p.m. this Saturday (April 28) 
in Room 125 of Roosevelt Jr. High 
School. 

The one-day course offers the public, 
including members of the health 
professions, an opportunity to become 
familiar with current health care delivery 
and financing problems and possible 
alternative solutions. Major legislative 
proposals under consideration will be 
discussed, including: the Nixon Plan, the 
Medicredit plan, the Health Insurance 
Industry Plan, the American Hospital 
Association Plan, the Kennedy Plan and 
the Moscone Plan . 

There is a $20 fee if the course is taken 
for credit, or a $15 fee without credit. A 
bibliography for further study, and a box 
lunch, will be provided to registrants. 

Registration fees will be accepted at 
the door Saturday morning. For ad-
ditional information telephone 453-
2000, extension 2061. 

Volleyball Tournament 
The fifth annual National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Invitational 
Vol .l eyb~II Tournament, featuring four of the top small college volleyball teams in the 
nation, IS scheduled to be held at UCSD Friday and Saturday, May 4, and 5. 

The two-day tournament will be held in the UCSD Gymnasium located between 
Revelle and Mu.ir Colleges on the UCSD campus. Opening ceremonies are sch duled 
for 9:30 ~ .m . . Frrday and play will begin at 10:00 a.m. and last through the evening. 

AdmiSSion IS 52 for the general'p~blic and $1 for all students with 1.0. for each day of 
the tournament. A package admiSSion for both days of the tournament is available at 
$3.50 f(lr the general public and $1.50 for all students with 1.0 . . 

The r~ I\IA will pr ce d by three weeks the National Collegiate Athletic Association 
volleybal tournament set for May 25 and 26 in the Sports Arena . 

Land-Tenant Bill 
AB 1 ~02, a landlord-tenant uill ir.trodurpo bv Assemblyman Charles Warr n, would 

liminal many of the problems that ren ters and landlords now face, the UC Student 
Lobby ;a ,d today in supporting the Los Angeles law-maker's proposal. 

"Wh I the r visions would help all tenants, th impact on th stud nt community 
would be especially welcom ," commented Linda Bond, co-director for the lobby. 
"Th .rights of tenants in many campus areas certainly need clarification; a bill of this 
typ IS long ov rdu ." 

Som' of the mor important aspects of the m asure ar elimination of non -
ref~nd~ble deposits, apartr:n . nt inventories, and favorable sub-leasing provisions. Th 
I glslatlon would also prohibit a landlord from t rminating a lease just because a tenant 
complain d to a gov rnm nt agency or join d a t nant's union . 

AB 1202 i xp t d to pass th Ass mbly, wh r it has th support of Speak r Rob rt 
Mor tti and Majorily Leader Ja k Fenton, how ver, strong debate is anticipat d on th 

nat sid. 
Th bill has b n s tin th Judi iary Committ ,chair d by Warren, and is eligibl to 

be hard starting May 11. 

Page 2 Triton Tim sTu sday, May 1, 1973 

Cal-Pirge Election Results 
The results of the CAL-PIRG election show that 74 percent of the students who voted 

favor an increase in CAL-PIRG's share of the eXisting student activities fee . About 850 
ballots were returned from the student body of approximately 5600 students. 

At the same time students also selected 5 students, Ellen Wilson, Alan Friedman 
Robert Gilmore, Rick Drom and Charles Krohn, to be on next year's UCSD Board of 
Directors for CAL-PIRG. 

Two weeks ago ballots were mailed to all students enrolled at UCSD. A description of 
CAL-PIRG and of the election was included along with a pre-paid postcard to mark and 
mail in. 

Stud~nts were asked to select five of the ten candidates listed on the sheet, to be the 
governing board for CAL-PIRG at UCSD. Due to space limitations there was not enough 
room to provide as much information on each of the candidates as CAL-PIRG wished. 

Aslo students were asked whether or not they wished to increase CAL-PIRG's share of 
the existing student activities fee from 75¢ to $2. 

Posters and banners advertising CAL-PIRG and the elections were put up around the 
universities and on Urey Hall. In addition articles about the election appeared in the 
TRITON TIMES. 

About 850 ballots were returned from the student body of approxiamtely 5,600 
students. For example at California State University at San Diego an election in which 10 
per cent of the students vote is considered very good . 

One of the newly elected Board members, Ellen Wilson, said that she was pleased 
with the large support students at UCSD had shown for CALPIRG. 

" I. am glad to hear that the people who voted, supported Ci\'l-PIRG so strongly. They 
realize that CAL-PIRG has begun to make a big impact in San Diego and deserves extra 
funding so that more projects can be undertaken." 

"I hope that anyone who is interested can find time to drop by the Fishbowl at Muir 
and let us know what they wish to do to help." 

From V.-C. Saltman ... 
New utilization standards and general campus usage requirements are putting 

additional demands on our classrooms and teaching laboratories. 
Accordingly, we must expand our teaching day. Historically we have found that our 

teaching day tended to cluster in the 10 a.m. to 2 p .m. range. I am instructing The 
Registrar to utilize more fully early morning, late afternoon and early evening hours for 
all types of instructional activities. 

Your cooperation is imperative if we are to meet the fundamental needs of our 
students and required standards of space utilization. 

Paul D. Saltman 

From the International Center .. . 
. The Governing Board of the International Center is facing a dilemma : How do we 
Involve more students in the decision-making processes and policies of the Center? At 
our I~st ~oatd meeting, we decided to invite student representatives from those 

organrzatlon~ who use the Center o~ a regular basis as well as any other represenatives 
who would like to book the Center In the future. Hence, this open invitation to those 
groups who wish to send one representative to our Board meetings :? we meet the first 
Monday of every month at 9:00 A.M. in the International Center Lounge. 

.our purpose in doing .this is two-fold : we feel that a number of students groups feel 
alienated and unwanted In the Center based on a number of unfortunate incidents that 
have occurred. These incidents have been related to damage, "messes". that have been 

lef~ t~at have re.qui red excessive hours to clean up; thefts; and general abuse to the 
bur/ding. Our biggest concern is that the volunteers who have spent years to create 
what we conSider ~o be .one of the lovliest facilities on campus for a variety of functions 
are slowly becoming dlsc~ur.ag~d a~ ~o the future of the building if, in fact, we are 
unable to pre~erve what IS In It. Citizens from the community have donated over 
$200,000 to thiS Center; volunteers have spent countless hours in planning for the 

~ent~r; and we are currently trying to raise $30,000 more in order to complete the 
Interror and the landscaping. It is ~ir~ually impossible to do this if, in fact, potential 
donors know of these unfortunate inCidences. The latest occurred only this past week. 
Three of our brand new chairs which we waited over 5 months to receive and which had 
been carefully purchased by two decorators who have donated their free time to select 
furnitur~ were st~l~n . These items were valued at over $400. Naturally we are all "sick" 
about thiS. In addition, we have lost a number of our beautiful and expensive plants that 
have been glv~n to use to r:nake the outside of the building more attractive, as well as 
some of our kitchen utensils, and wall hangings. 

As you can see, we are wondering, if in fact, students realize the efforts which have 
gone into this project. We feel if students could be a part of the Center by joining our 
Board, perhaps th~y wou.ld feel that th.is building is theirs to use and to respect . We also 
feel that student Input IS necessary In the program planning "aspect". We want to 
launch a more formal program from the Center next year and we need feedback from 
groups as to what they would like to see happen in the Center. 

T. George Harris ... 
Condnuld from pig. 1 

Other evidence of the mechanistic model failure, Mr. Harris stated, is the apparent 
success of acupuncture, which is not explainable by a mechanistic conception of the 
body. Anoth r example is the body's reaction to marijuana . Studies have shown that 
marijua.na users ach.i~v a gre~ter reaction than the mechanistic theory attributes to 
cannabinOl. In addition, studies have encountered the phenomenon of "negative 
tolerance"; the more experienced marijuana user requires less of the drug to 

xp ri nce the same reaction as a novice. 
Th implication of this and other experiments, Mr. Harris asserted, is that the mind 

has great r control over the body than had previously been assumed. PhySicists at 
Stan~or~ have been experimenting with psychokinesis; a scientist on the second floor of 
a bUlldln~ attempts to lift .an ~bj ct on ~h first floor without any connecting devices. 

, . According t6 HarriS, SCI ntlsts have also been questioning whether a quantitative 
view of th world has a tually been a misconception. Mr. Harris asserted that the loss of 
mechanisti validity has lead to an increase in mysticism, even among the most ardent 
supporters, th scientist . 

In addition to T. G org . Har.ris, Bella Abzug, New York Congress-woman;. Dr. Jerry 
Farber, author of The University of Tomorrow/and, and Student as Nigger and John 
Witt , .San Diego City ,Attorney will speak to the Society and Human Values Class. The 

la IS condu t d biT rry Lynberg and meets Tuesdays and Thursdays in 2A 2113; all 
ar w I om to at! nd. 

• 
UCSD Theater 

The Rimers of Eldritch 
. ':The Rimers of Eldritch" a piec~ of Americana seen through the thoughts and 
altitudes of the people of a .small midwestern to~n,.will be presented by the Drama 
Department of UCSD for SIX performances beginning Friday May 4. 

The play. written .by Lanford Wilson and directed by Dr. Arthur Wagner, Professor 
of. Drama a.nd. Chairman of the Department at UCSD, will be presented at UCSD 
Theater, BUilding 203, !"1~tth~ws Campus. Performances will be at 8:00 p.m. May 4, 5, 

6~ 10,11, and 1~. AdmiSSion 15 $2.50 for the general public and $1.25 for all students. 
Tickets are available t~rough the UCSD Box Office in the lobby of Urey Hall and 
should be purchased In advance due to limited seating in the theatre. 

Wilson, a successful young American playwright, was awarded the 1967 Drama 
Desk - Vernon Rice Award ('or outstanding contribution to the Off-Broadway 
season for "The Rimers of Eldritch ." 

T.he play is set in th.e pre~ent time in a small midwestern town - population 70-
which has a sense of irving In the better days of the past. The story is a kind of murder 
mystery in that one of the town's residents, not particularly well liked has been shot. 

"But, it is much more than a mystery," Wagner said. " Wilson expl~res small town 
mores and mentality and, in so doing, deals with a piece of Americana. The 
psychology, the way of thinking, and the attitudes of the characters are very much a 
part of the total country - a slice of life," Wagner said. 

The play is not done in a straight forward manner. According to Wagner, the 
author has fractured it, jumping around in time through the use of a great many 
scenes, some as short as one to three minutes. 

"It is done with no scenery, no props, and no costume changing " Wagner said . 
"The 18 members of the cast are on the stage at all times and the ';'ovement from 
one scene to the next is all done with lighting." 

Since the U.CSD Theatre has limited power and lighting control, there may be as 
much drama In the control box as there is on the stage. 

"There is only so much power that comes into the building," Wagner said. "It 
means plugging and unplugging to get ready for the next scene. We won't have too 
much time." 

The play opens during a court trial in September and suddenly shifts to a scene in 
the spring. The scenes are not necessarily flashbacks or even connected with the 
scene befo.re. There are several split scenes with action on two parts of the stage at 
the same time. 

Spiritual life 
A spiritual aspirant must accept the 

world because the spiritual life and the 
worldly life must go together, according 
to Davashish, a disciple of Sri Chinmoy. 
"As Sri Chinmoy has said, "We do not 
have to enter into the Himalayn caves or 
sit on the snowca pped mountains in 
order to practice spirituality. No, here in 
the hustle and bustle of life, we have to 
practice spirituality." 

A film depicting a day in the life of this 
spiritual master will he presented at 7:30 
p.m. on Wednesday, May 2 in 2A 2113 
on Muir campus. A meditation session 
will be held the following night, 
Thursday at a time and location to be 
announced at the film showing. 

~orn in Bengal, India in 1931, Sri 
Chlnmoy attained Nirvikalpa Samadhi at 
the age of twelve. He spent the next 
twen.ty years in an ashram or monastery 
meditating and developing his spiritual 
powers. In 1964 he came to America 
where thousands of seekers have been 
doen !o his inner light, including 
Mahavlshnu John Mclaughlin and 

Ca~los Santana. Essentially, Chinmoy's 
philosophy involves the path of Bhakti 
yQga, the path >of love and devotion to 
GOd: Mclaughlin is responsible for the 
mUSICa l sound track of the film, which is 
Sp~nsored by Rev. Lew Sanders of the 
universa l Life Church. A dohation of $1 
IS ask d. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Aero •• from Sport. Arena) 
-EYES WIINED erRESCRIPTlONS FIUED 

-CONTACT LEiSES FInED eREPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2173 2~4-2I74 

Continued on page 7 

latest fashions 
In wire frames 

Music From Kneare 
In Knearr there is a knoll on which recently has 
~athered a strange . group of people who with great 
Int rest and Int~nslty . explored certain vibrations by 
means of various Instruments and their own 
capabilities. ~hey believe these vibrations are very 
powerful and In fact, can evoke spirits of whater nature 
in the perceiver. 

By coincidence, I had the acquaintance of three of 
th~se s.trange peop!e who, with the help of others 
skilled I.n the evocatl~n of spirits by vibration hope, on 
May 5, In 408 at 8:30, In that part of the Knearean knoll 
called Matthews Campus, to successfully utilize these 
powerful vibrations. . 

On~ of these acquaintances, Gordon, proposed an 
ex~errm~nt called Les Enf~nts Terribles (Intercourse for 
St~tng Tr.'o) after a novel by Jean Cocteau which deals 
with, different personal relationships-many in-
cestuous. He pointed out that the structure had ab-

,solutely nothing to do with Duke Ellington's Satin 
100/1, and that the piece as a whole is dedicated to 
Gordon's former pussycats. 

Another, Julian, proposed a piece called Between : 8 
~oems which uses a variety of vibration sources-string 
I~strumen~s, t~pe, a dancer, poems of Wai -LimYip and 
v!su.al prOJectrons. The sounds of tradition , (strings, 
Violins, and cellos) are combined with the electronical-
ly processed vocal sounds of Bonnie Mara Barnett. 
Propectr.ons are incorporated to provide the original 
conception of the poems in Chinese characters. 

The .third acquaintance, White, described an experi-
~e.nt In which the relationships of ten people, in-
diVidually . and collectively, to a given structure might 
be the primary source of vibration . 

The Alice Cooper Show will appear in concert at the 
San Diego Sports Arena on Sunday, May 6, at 8:00 p.n . 
Opening the show will be Flo and Eddie. The show is 
theater in the ultimate. It stands 30 ft. high , weighs 8V2 
tons, it takes 2 diesel semi-trailers t to haul it, 26 men to 
assemble it and with its gold flaked metal steel struc-
ture it consumes 125,000 watts of light energy. Tickets 
are $5.50 in advance $6.00 the day of the show and are 
available at all Bill Gamble's Arena ticket agencies of 
the sports Arena Box Office (224-4171). 

Coming to the Sports Arena on Friday, May 11 is 
Leon Russell . 

IMPULSE 

o o o o '0 o o 

BODY KDVE.AS 
o o o D. o o o 

KENNINGtON BRATEN lOVI'N'lTUff 

1448 c .... 'Dfl MM 
1>11 ... tdi. 9201e 
'155-3557 

NOW PLAYING 
While clinging to faded illu-
sions of Southern gentility, a 
mother strives to inject a 
g081 in l ife for Iler son and 
daughter, 85 they seek escape 
Irom hor sllfllng Influonco . A 
drama of 9reat tenderness, 
sensitivity and compassion. 

When 
you're 
ready/or 
contraceptive 
protection ... 

applicator 

Pre·6U the .ppUCatOl' up to .. 
week in .dvance ,Dd lJore it 
,,-ld!in elS, l'U<,h. Apply iA 
.cond •.. ,inMan prote<:dOG. 
No del.y. 10 mar the mood 
or ""'PC you to skip. DailllfJ 
Datural ffelin8"' No bonnOPfll,. 
HiShJy elftaiv~. RecommeDCI. 
ed by physician, PRE,EJL is 
o s.ft! and ~imple 

to use ~ 'ou at'! buy j, 
It: dr\l(l, departments 
.ithout prescription. 11111 

Page 3 Tuesday, May 1, 1973 Triton Times 



'OK, Mr. Press Secretary. give me some 
answers!' 

' .. And if I didn't Icnow n."vt'hilnn 
--a-Hair .. ' 

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what 
am I doing in the White House?' 

, . What am I doing in tile White House?' 

The opinion. expreS5.d on these pages are tho •• of the authors whose names appear in the bylines. and do not 
necessarily reflect the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone de.iring to submit material to be published on these pages 
.hould send it to the Editorial Director. TRITON TIMES, t 17 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Wounded Knee 

Recognition of Sovereignty and Human Dignity 
Tony Valenzuala 

Why hasn't the circumstance ~nd questions raised by the 
people at Wounded Knee been Ii i·· closed fully and accurate-
ly to the people of the world? The focus of the information 
made available by media and the F ,~deral Government has 
not been directed to answering the c'emands and grievences 
of the Oglala People but rather to negotiating the conditions 
of the occupation at Wounded Knee and the means of 
getting them out. The issues raised by the occupation of 
Wounded Knee concerning the question of Ind ian rights to 
se lf-determination and sovereignty have been completely 
and intentionally cast aside by the Unite~ States government. 
Instead, world attention has been focdsed on the sen-
sationalism of the takeover. Why is the American Govern-
ment afraid to consider issues brought t6 surface by the 
Sioux people at Wounded Knee? Is it because the Federal 
Government has failed to meet the obligations to Indian 
People as guaranteed by the 371 treaties made with the 
various Indian Nations of this continent and had continued 
to ignore the voices of the Indian people? 

Since the establishment of the treaty between the Dakota 
People and the United States in 1868, the Oglala Sioux in the 
Pine Ridge Reservation have for many years complained of ill 
treatment by the United States Government. Poverty, poor 
housing, inadequate water and health care have all con -
si stently plagued the lives of the Sioux people. Documented 
corruption in the Bureau of Ind ian Affairs, corrupt and 
dishonest tribal officers who are controlled by the B.I.A. 
superintendents has been the way of life for tl,e Oglala 
People in the past,as it is today. Intimidation of the people 
and coercion to eliminate resistance, by Wilson and 
those in power, coupled with repeated failure of reservation 
economic and education programs due to inefficency and 
dishonesty are a few of the factors responsible for the 
creation of a second Wounded Knee. 

Sovereignty, as acknowledged universally means the 
" freedom from external control and the right to self govern-
ment; independence, autonomy". This is what has been 
denied to the Indian people in spite of what has been 
guaranteed. Article II of the April 29, 18G8 Treaty of Laramie 
states that the Sioux reservation will be "set apart for t l'l e 

absolute and undisturbed use and occupation of the In-
dians ... ". 

If Ind ians do have sovereign ty, wh y are they denied the 
right to devise and carry out programs themselves which 
they can better perform than others, that their people need 
which will work successfully? 

Contrary to the situati on projected by the Government of 
improvement and advance, more than 90% of the Pine Ridge 
land is leased out to white ranchers for 99 years lease . 

In addition, these white ranchers had extra-legally par-
ticipated in "hunting down Indians as if they were game." All 
this without bei ng legally deputized. No action had been 
taken by the Federal Government to curtail the illega l 
parcipitation of these individuals. 

Because of the non representative and corrupt tribal 
structure, a Civil Rights Organization at Pine Ridge was 
formed in the fall of '72. It was this organization which 
attempted to reconcile Tribal conflicts but were met by 
failures resulting from intim idation, coercion, and corru p-
tion with the B.I.A. controlled tri ba l government under Dick 
Wilson. This left no recourse available to the Sioux people to 
see k justice. From a statement made by David Long, Vice-
President of the Pine Ridge Tribal Council (March 2, 1973) 
concerning A.I.M. involvement " We need help. We want the 
whole world to know what is going on here in Pine Ridge 
and how the people live. The A.I.M. people are here because 
we asked them. Where else are we going to get help." 

The situation at Wounded Knee has not been a spon-
taneous reaction but has been the culmination of over 100 
years of abuse suffered by Oglala People at Pine Ridge 
Reservation . The government's unwillingness to 
acknowledge the basic human right of the Indian people, 
shown by their callous and derrogatory response to 
Wounded Knee, is applicable to all American Indians. 

Indian People have waited a long time and despite small 
gains and promises of self-determination of Indian people by 
the United States Government, things are more critical now 
than ever. The existence of Wounded Knee is a symbol of 
resistance when all else has failed . On Wednesday the 25th of 
April the first Indian was killed. The question now is, how 
many more are to be killed? 

Communications can ' t be one-sided ! 
Th e re mu s t be something that' s 
bothe ring you nationall y, on campus, or 
even in this newspaper. The TRITON 
TIMES we lcomes LETTER S TO THE 
EDITOR and will print as many as space 
pe rmits. I_e tt e rs sho uld be typed , 
d0l!ble-spaced , with GO-unit margins, 

and must be received no later than 
Tuesday for publication on Friday. All 
contributions MUST include the name 
and address of the writer, alt hough 
names will be withheld on request. Mail 
to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Ha ll , 
UCSD, La Jolla , 92037, or submit in per-
son at the office, NW corner Blake Hal l. 

"The best shakes in town" 
Ricks delectsble as.ket and 

Piste Menue. o"er 
a .. f, fish, Fowl, and even 
limited Mexican Varieties 

BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGETI 

Made The Old·Fashloned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDAES Made with Real Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze & Burger Kitchen 
5504 La Jolla Blvd. 459-1877 

(Famlly·owned & operated) 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, May 1,1973 

The Phillippines - e Next Vietnam? tETTEI~ Ttt THE' 81HTeIf 
Last Thursday night, the Sociolog~ n",n~.t~.~_ . one of the orgriginal founders of the KM. His 

UCSD sponsored Journalist Matt Miller, group is organi.zing a New People's Army, and is a 
returned from the Philippines, as a guest growing revolutionary force . In fact , the success of thi s 
Addressing himself to a special study group up may have been a major reason for the tightening 
Filipino si tuation , consisting of UCSD students, controls by Marcos, leading to martial law. 
covered such areas as the Filipino stude reflecting the devaluation of the U.S. dollar, the 
movement, the inflationary Filipino economy, Filip ino peso has dropped in value as well. Now, 7 
American military-i ndustrial involvement in that 1 dollar. Inflation in that country has 

Miller, a contributor to the Christian I while the wage of the worker has remained 
Monitor,among other journals, had traveled same. Also, due to the continuing trend of agri-
Philippines three times in the past, his latest st business to buyout the small farmer, hundreds of rural 
from November, 1971 to July, 1972. He came people have been flocking to the cities. Unable to 
Philippines to study at the University of the Ph i jobs, these people end up in rat-infested, 
in Manila, where he majored in Asian studies. ridden slums, already jam packed with the 
there a few months previous to the rl"." I .. ·.. Due to this process, Miller explained 
Marcos' martial law. However, during his stay, itions exist now for a violent outbreak against 
witnessed many cases of police brutality and Marcos dictatorship. 
perpetrated on members of the nationalist Hated by the Filipino people, Marcos and his wife 
group, named the Kabataang Makabayan, or KM. Ismelda, who adures to dress in jeweled garments 
group was formed in 1964, and numbers over a eating with the jet setters in Paris, own more 
of a million persons. property than any other Filipinos. Their corruptness 

Mr. Miller explained that since the decla ration and willingness to collude with foreign interests has 
martial law, many students, professors and reduced their credibili ty to the zero level. Unlike what 
citizens have been arrested and jailed on UUIII ... ' ll.> News and World Report would have the American 
charges. Also, major newspapers were shut lace believe, Marcos is not a benevolent leader 
Daily Express, owned by Marcos, was the only ied about the people of his homeland. Since the 
newspaper left operating. After a short time I ning of his regime, conditions of life have only 
Marcos opened a new paper, which he also worsened for the more than 40 million people in -
Previous to mart ial law, Vice-President Lo habit ing the is lands. 
owned the Manila Chronicle, a radio and a TV Miller went through some of the history of the 
These became inoperative, and were Philippines, and showed how the United States has 
Marcos . Thus, in the Philippines, all major n dominated the economy and government of this coun-
privately owned by Marcos. si nce 1898, afte r the SpanishAmerican War . 

When asked about direct United States control of ring a bogus independence to the Filipino peo-
media in the Philippines, Miller explained that the U.S. has not relinqu ished its claims to the 
is a close friend of American business, and resources and cheap labor available in this area . 
improve the "i mage" of the United States h su pposedly the Philippines is free from 
these monied interests . However, the U.S. rule, over 80% of its economy is controlled' 
operate under its. name, media . I.n the merican busi ness. Not alone, the Japanese and 
though, the Un ted States Information Service, nalist Chinese also have stakes in the islands. The 
known as the, is quite active. Offering to any are building a system of highways in a so-
newspaper or radio station material free of charge, Japanese-Filipino friendship arrangement to pay 
agency hopes to create a situation where vill age some old WWII war debts. However, the money is 
sources become dependent upon U.S. material . paid to the huge multinational Japanese cor-
current interest in peasant, or rural affairs, a bank which operates branches throughout 
have developed in reaction to the growing world. None of the war reparation money is going 
movement in the Philippines. the Filipi no people. The Nationalist Chinese 

Miller explained that in the countryside, a inate the wholesale industry, where they distribute 
organization has sprung, led by Amado 
former university Professo r of English. He had Continued' on page 7 

F J A(JjJ(jfJJ., - rrfffSFtCT r oo~y ASK £V'66 (HAr HAJ ~T 1lfey "$' Q»J- RIG T 1VT -ruf 
E srmmok.) N-TIO($I Rf5PfCT HAS A- / r VI'S - THAT J Rretll f.6f<t6 CRNJT THtH 
I 10 ITS' ~lrH TO MY toSf RI6HTcS c:£FCtJ[/- WeiJD- As R?cS-(JRS . A!JTS IPf~T. F to(Xt> r COV~[? 5:J TH6 
F [70 /Hf BoHBIOG ro~rnCA~~C( OF CAH ElOI7/A R>POJAR WIL.l.. 
E THIU AtJtI 60 O~ IOOa.t .. Uk)T/L. 1 THAI <;AC( SO. 
R CHIL.[/. 

Article In 
Bad Taste 
Editorl 

It is about time that the 
TRITON TIMES realized the 
stupidity of their actions in 
publishing material that is not 
only detremental to the Farm 
Worker cause but to th e 
Chicano community as a 
whole, in that it stereotypes all 
Chicanos in the docile image 
of the past. We fail to see the 
humor of your mate rial but 
derive the insults of it. 

There is no humor in peo-
ple struggling in the fields for 
a decent livelyhood while the 
lacke ys of the bourgeCl,sie 
whic h you represent stab 
them in the back. 

Not only is there racist 
tendencies in the article but 
we a lso see overt mis-
representations of the facts . 
We feel the newspaper owes a 
responsibility to itself and the 
community at large in presen-
ti ng valid information, 
someth ing which it has not 
done up to now. In view of 
this we dema nd a public 
apology now! 

VIVA LAHUELGA 
Miguel Salar, William Busic, 

Rafael Arrayo 

Editor replies -
Mr. Winchell's article, 

"UFWOC Loses Contract" in 
"News In Brief" (TT 4/ 23) was 
one of a collection of satirical 
fantasies on current events. In 
printing it we had no inten-
tion of misrepresenting the 
serious and continuing 
struggle of the farm workers. 

We apologize to those who 
/ook offense to this article. 

Mark Siegel 
Editorial Director 

"HR. Ffe$1-
!?C10T, tv 
WHAT 15. 

Kl$ff. 
/ 

Special Student "'Discounted" Auto Insurance 
Offered Exclusiv.ly in S.n Diego by MONTE I . KEWY In"".nc. Ag.ncy 

DrIve by or caUItVI.U Quoti"I6i1~-g;;58:3-9393 

C.S.I.S. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
5090 College (corne, College , Montelum.) 

Money 
Editor: 

I attended the Southern 
California First National 
Corporation (Bank) an -
nual meeting downtown : a 
spectacle that would make 
the SOCiologists and the 
communists real proud. 

Of substantive interest, 
our beloved Chancellor sits 
on the Bank 's Board of 
Directors. It should shock 
no one that our Chancellor 
puts Unive rsity prestige on 
an anti-s tudent bank that 
refuses to institute a for-
mal, " Iowpro fit " stu d e nt 
loan program. 

The bank is run by the 
Peterson-Silberman team 
who control at least 40% of 
the common stock direc-

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street ~ 
PAYS DONORS 

for service 
Tue.-Fri. I 

9:45-5 :30 
Sat. 9:30 8 5:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon . 
233-8328 

tion . Robert O . Peterson 
(of Jack- In-The- Box fame) 
is the man who ha s 
promul gated, among othe r 
things, the anti -st ud e nt 
policies and th e crea m-
skimming (usu ri ous?) in-
terest rates on the small 
size c on sum e r lo a n s. 
However, Robe rt Pete rson 
hired a presid e nt who 
whouldn't foll ow orde rs: 
Angelo Adams. 

Angelo Adams resigned 
this week. At the meeting, 
he had his name put in 
nomination for the Board 
of Directors. He should 
have the proxies to make it 
(again s t th e Pe te rson-
Silberman block). Once on 
the Board, he should be 
looking for 13 friend s to 

oust the P te rsor team. 
I do n ot kn ow wh y 

Ange lo Adams got mad 
and res igned. I cou ld not 
e nvision a worse set of 
po li cies than wha t Peterson 
has implemented. It should 
be very interesting to see if 
Mr. Peterson can hold off 
the Angelo Ada ms effo rt . I 
wo uld be be t ting o n 
(th o ugh po sitively NOT 
rooti ng fo rl the Pete rso n 
team . They wo rked with 
flawless e ffective ness and 
eff iciency in seg rega ting 
th Boa rd members in to 
small gro ups and sayi ng 
good th ings to people that 
they would usuall y ig nore. 

April 25, 1973 was a black 
day for ca pitalism, indeed. 

Sleven Griffin 

..,ore Letters On Page 7 

Open Evenings 'til 9 
755-4254 

::::Ie 
..... .~ , -... ~'" 0":' ~ 6"'<$ Q. . GO N !~ -... >-~ g.~",,& • ,,~, ~~ ~ "i 

':F(,. \. ... ~ e;,\.~ ¢ ..... 
~e ~ . ~ :i....: 

'Or!' \,c~ \.~' et ~ " .... en", 
t." t~'" ~t.~ ~ :; ,...e ~ \' \~\t. e;,\.~ e;,#' o~¢ ((, .;:; co'" ... ~ 

e ,13 ,'. ~. . ,~ :-.; 
- ' " ~i.'~ ~o~ c, ... ' o~(, ~t.~ ~~O ~ ~ -> " \. ... . :\ ((,~t e;,~:((, ~ e~ o~ ,,0;. ~ • "\'?' So ~ .. ~ _u \~r~'So\o"'~~' ~r:F ~.t.\ " . 

\0 ,.."0 ~~ ~'" \ .;~ 
• 13'0'> ~<J.0 ~~ ~e~ \.,o~ ~ ~g, 
'I ... ~~ ~,,<\l e' ,>\~ ~\\c.. " ...cr e i; ?: w ~ ~O o~ ~~ .;; .,. c:; _co cr u ..... 

Exclusive Reserve.d Seat Engagement - NOW PLA YING! 

An ALBERTO GRIMALDI Production 

AFIImby BERNARDO BERTOLUCCI 
wit MARIA SCHNEIDER 

MARIA MICHl· GIOVANNA GALLETTI 
and with JEAN·PIERRE LEAUD 
also5tarring MASSIMO GIROTTI 

Produced by Directed by 
ALBERTO GRIMALDI BERNARDO BERTOLUCCI 

A COPRODUCTION PEA PROOUZIONI [UROP£E ASSOCIATE SA S -ROME 
lES PftOOUCTIVNS ARTIST(S ASSOOOES SA' PAR IS ® NO ONE UNDER t8 AOMIITEO lInd'III ...... 

PROOF OF AGE REOUIRED 

SCHEDULE OF SHOWINGS 
MON. thru THUR.: 8:00 P.M. 

FRI. & PRE-HOLIDAYS: 
7:00 & 9:45 P.M. 

SAT. & I-'OLIDAYS: 
2:00,7:0( , 9:45 P.M. 

SUN.: 2:00, 5:00, 8:00 P.M. 
Box Office Open Dally all<!:OO Noon 

NO r elephone R.serv.tlono TICk." 

Page 5 Tuesday, May 1, 1973 Triton Times 



Yuba City Wins 
'All-Cal Berth 

" It isn't even cold anymore," quote Luke, that long 
lanky Gooser who is the only woman left from the 
original Gooser team that tried so hard to win the coed 
softball tournaments the last two years. And why wasn't 
it cold anymore? That's simple; it was because luke, 
Roman, Bruth, Fuqua, and Gail were basking in the 
warmth of a cliff-hanging 7-6 victory over the Orcetts. 
And so it si that the Yuba City Goosers have won 
themselves a trip to Santa Barbara . 

The meaning of the win can only be fully grasped by 
those who are aware of the fact that Yuba City (the 
Honkers and Goosers) is finishing its four th and last 
season. There have been a lot of great teams, but no 
championships: many close calls, but never the sweet 
taste of a big victory ., 

So there it was, the last game of the double elimina-
tion tournament. The Goosers had beaten the Orcetts 
8-1 a week earlier bUI the Orcetts, who beat the 
Goosers in a similar final game match-up a year ago, 
fought back to beat Passion Flower, and the two old 
teams met for what everyone was the last renewal of an 
old rivalry . The Goosers had to win . 

The first game was a little sloppy, but the Orcetts 
seemed to want the game more than the Goosers, and 
when the dust had settled, they had won 12-8 to set the 
stage for the big one Yuba City jumped to a quick 4-2 
first inning lead, then stretched it to 6-2. The Orcetts 
fought back to 6-4 in the sixth before the Goosers 
added one more in the seventh. 

So, it all came down to the bottom of the seventh, 
the Goosers leading by three, needing three more outs. 
The first out came quickly, but then there were some 
hits, and suddenly it was 7-5 with two on and two out, 
and Bruce Suzumoto (of all people) at the plate. He hit 
a line shot down the right field line that would have 
shattered the dreams of the Goosers for the last time if 
the ball hadn 't been so fortunate as to nestle into a 
beatup old wornout first-baseman 's mitt. 

As it was, it made the score 7-6, put runners on 
• second and third, and brought up Julie Allen, who beat 

the Goosers last year. She hit a two-hopper, but Fuqua 
scooped it up, fired to Cheryl, and twelve Goosers 
went berserk. And suddenly it wasn't cold anymore. 

Crew Invitational 
At Mission Bay 

It has come to our atten-
tion the that the TT Sports 
Page has been negligent in 
publicizing crew events . So 
to ward off any more 
threats of bodily harm, we 
would like to announce 

the next rJce. It is a biggie . 
The San Diego Invitational 
will take place Saturday, 
May 5 at Mission Bay with 
the time to be announced. 
Needless to say, all are 
welcome. 

OUNBfIIlil\li""'"""""l .... 
Mach II • Portable 

ELEtTRONIC CALCULATOR 
• Operates on batteries or At 

current 
• ADD. SUBTRACT. MULTIPLY. 

DIVIDE. SQUARE. RECIPRO· 
CALS .. all Instantly! 

• Handles up 10 B digits with 
floating decimal. 

• Clear entry key to correct mis· 
ta~.es Without repeating en 
tile opera lion. 

• Multiply or d",dc different 
numbers by the same number 
Without enterrng the same 
number every ttme. 

• Long battery life uses in· 
expen,"e "C" cell,. Signal 
light when battery gets low. 
Automatic ,hut off edends 
battery life by "'utllng off 
when not In use. 

• Double enrry ~I ... f Oi!r''Y 
symbols show 5 operat ions. 

• One touch power SWitch 

INTRO UCTORY $8995 SP CIAL wllhACadapler 
all1Jni <ale. handY Ivggli! strap. Model 8300 231 

ONE YEAR INSTANT REPLACEMENT WARRANTY I 
Offer Valid Only With ThiS Ad AI 

FOTOMAT 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive at Genesee 
telephone 453·5753 

Hours; Monday-Friday 10 7. Saturday 9·6: Sunday I 1·4 
IOtlN t~ (· ·r" M • .,. 10 1 73j 

Page 6.Triton Times Tuesday, May 1,1973 

In S .. turd .. y's tourn .. ment Jim Rabe (44) sets for 
M .. urice Seruini (SO) while urry Billdwin (30) .. nd John 

This Weekend 

Woodward (52) move to defensive positions. 
photos: Smith 

Tritons Look To Nationals 
The last time UCS D hosted a national tournament, 

the Tritons, behind the powerful hitt ing of Kerry 
Klosterman, Dick Reitherma n, and Tim Rose, defeated 
Indiana Tech for UC San Diego's first NAIA cham-
pionship. What are the chances of a repeat victory this 
weekend? Jimmy the Greek. would probably offer 
prohibitive odds, so if you place your faith i51 such 
systems, don't place any bets. 

Maurice Seracini (SO) .. nd Jim R .. be (44) leap for the 
block while Mike Bastiani and urry B .. ldwin get down 
for the possible diS. 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
Bill Smith Forti", C.t M ulu can now 'if:nicf: Ind rettllr 

your Datsun 
Our m«hlnlcs .re qu.liritd 10 like urt: or )"Ilur cat 

All ou r repair, pc:r ro rmcd on you r ca r 
have II '1.000 l1ule or 6 month gua rantee 
We III\() .. erldCC lind ~CPUIT VolkJwpgens 

1:1 ,11 C:;nllth ~o'eI8n 3r Service 
)43 South " 'gh".y 101 

So lana 8each, Calif. 
t , , (714'17lS- 12~ 

~ll1qll'rth.r&' .nd fll"kArMr'Ir..,4 ('redil (, .rd~ .('c~pfed 

Why? For one reason the caliber of competition is far 
supe rior to what was three or four years ago. The 
entrance of Church College (number one seeded-
defending champs)certainly didn't do the NAIA any 
harm as far as quality of play is involved. Gel)rge 
Williams (second-seeded) has also come a long way 
from years past and now stands as possibly the best 
co ll ege vo lleyball team east of California. Even Cal 
State Dominguez Hills, which is the most recent entry 
in the tournament, has made rapid advances. In 1970, 
they fielded their first team and served as a doormat for 
most small college volleyball clubs. Though still not 
rated as a favorite, the team is capable of surprising a 
lot of people, gaining in experience and talented 
ballplayers. 

Another reason lies with what may be termed bad 
luck. A recitation of the litany of injuries the team has 
suffered isn't needed (since it was included in last 
week's article), but now another setback has occurred. 

Tom Smith, the most consistent player on an 
otherwise inconsistent team, was just informed of 
eligibility requirements he had not been aware of. 
Declared ineligible on the basis of academic units, 
Smith will not be able to play in the tournament. It is 
one of the more frustrating turn of events, watching 
months of practice slide down hill. 

Last Saturday at Balboa Park, the Tritons showed a 
marked increase in cohesiveness and team spirit. When 
playing up to their potential, the team can be a match 
for any opponent, but that occurs about one third of 
the time, not frequently enough to win tournaments. 
The key will be the passing of UCSD, if it is there the 
setters can put the ball up and the hitters put it down. 
But the reason for every poor performance put on by 
the Tritons has been inadequate passing. 
Friday, play will be organized on a round robin basiS, 
each team playing every other team two games. The 
following day, the top teams will play for the cham-
pionship. Admission will be charged and there will be 
different rates, including a package deal for both days 
and a special rate for students. It will be the last 
opportunity to see some good volleyball being played . 

MANDEVILLE 
LECTURES 

1972 1973 
presents 

STEWART L. 

• 

UDALL 
former Secrelary of the Interior 

CASA DEL PRADO 
BALBOA PARK 
8:00 P.M. 

, Tuesday, May 8th , 
These lectures are free and open to the public, 
and made possible by the Ma!ldeville. ·Founda-
tion 

No Tickets Necessary 

Why Is 
NORTHSTAR 
Being 
Supressed 
Editor: 

I would like to know why 
the NORTH STAR is being 
supressed as an organ of 
expression for multi college 
UCSD. It does not seem an 
effective evolutionary 
mode for a developing un-
iversity campus to force -
by clever, quiet, 
money/fu nding 
manipu lations - a return to 
only one main campus 
newspapel, (or two if 
RAZA DE BRONCE main-
tains a sufficient ly large dis-
tribution to be considered 
an intracampus 
newspaper) . Despite the 
high quality of the TRITON 
TIMES, still none can deny 
that the TT does not cover 
the same function of the 
NORTH STAR. It is im-
perat ive th a t a 
predominantly political, 
and furthermore a 
predominan tly radical, 
voc al perspective be 
sustained through open 
channels. 

Lately I have seen less 
distribution of the NORTH 

Shopping 
Fringe of 

ST ARi the papter can no 
longer afford to be a week-
ly; and changes within its 
body content indicate to 
me that the NORTH STAR 
is being quietly strangled. 
That the NORTH STAR is 
serving a function by no 
means inimical to a col lege 
ca mpus: that the student 
and socially-conscious in-
dividual can construct his 
individual truth out of a 
choice between currently 
viable alternative 
parameters seems an ig-
nored point by someone or 
many ones on this campus. 
My question is, I wonder 
why. 

Sincerely, 
Dan .. Rufolo 

Examine The 
Real Acts Of 
Vandalism 
Editor: 

The first mistake that Mr. 
Marriot makes is . in por-
traying himself as the 
defender of people's so-
called rights. You must first 
look at the laws which 
Marriot is trying to defend, 
laws made and enforced by 
those in power to 
perpetuate the status quo. 

The second mistake 
made in the previous letter 

Center on 
UCSD? 

A major shopping center larger than Mission Valley 
and Fashion Valley centers combined has been 
proposed by developers for a site on the fringes of the 
UCSD campus, according to the May issue of the 
University's monthly publication, UC San Diego. 

The immense shopping complex would cover 90 
acres, the art icle states. The center would be built near 
the intersection of La Jolla Village Drive and Genesee 
Avenue, barely half a mile from the center of UCSD's 
campus. 

The center is discussed in UC San Diego's lead 
article, "The Midst of the Earth," by James Cravens, 
Ihe periodical's editor. The article includes interviews 
with several planning authorities commenting pro and 
con on plans fo r development of the area surrounding 
UCSD. 

Another major feature in the May issue, titled "The 
Most SportS-Minded Campus in America" - also by 
Cravens - reveals that UCSD fields 28 different inter-
collegiate teams, "more than any college or university 
in the nation." 
interest in sports runs high among UCSD students, the 
article notes, despite the fact that UCSD does not field 
a major football team and has no "expensive recruiting 
program" for athletes. All UCSD athletic contests are 
open, free, to the public. 

UCSD has the highest percentage of attendance in 
physical-education classes among all nine campuses in 
the University of Ca(ifornia system, according to UCSD 
Athletic Director Howard Hunt. 

There are twice as many female soccer players as 
male players at UCSD, according to the article. 

'171 tim •• I d.y. Smile away tf) Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy·to·bear, low fare. peA glYM JOU • 11ft. 

is in classifing the "Boycott 
Safeway "signs as acts of 
vandalism. By doing this he 
tries to destroy the social-
political significance of the 
signs and classify them as 
regular criminal acts . 
Something this society has 
done in the past to such 
people as Ricardo-Chavez-
Ortiz and Los Tres del 
Barrio. 

Why does not Mr 
Marriol look at the r"al acts 
of vandalism this country 
commits everyday on the 
people of South-East-Asia 
and Latin America . For 
years on end this country 
has and still does commit! 
acts of vandalism and 
assorted genocide on the 
people of Vietnam, if Mr. 
Marriot is so concerned 

about acts of vandalism let 
him comment on these. 

If Mr Marriot feels that 
he must live in a sterile 
enviorment void of expres-
sion of ideas he should not 
be in a university. 

Nestor Paz, F .. ln 

Black's Gate 
Must Go! 
Fellow Students: 

It is sure strange how the 
double standard is being 
used against us. Why is it 
that the people that li ve in 
La Jolla Farms and a select 
few personnel working for 
the University can drive 
down to Black 's Beach , 
whereas we peasants have 
to walk down. Hey man, it's 

The Phillippines ... 
Continued from page 5 

all the rice and sugar to local markets as well as world 
markets . 

But by and large, the United States has the majority 
of the holdings in the area. It also operates the world's 
second largest air force base on another 
"independent" country's territory . Miller explained 
that the Filipinos have a great deal of resentment to the 
base, just as many Japanes resent the base on Okinawa. 
In the event of a revolutionary outburst in the Philip-
pines, Miller suspects that the U.S. will not hesitate to 
use its military strength already available to quell the 
uprising. He based this belief on past situations which 
required armed U.S. intervention in the Philippines. He 
explained that ever since 1898, there have been many 
times that U.S. supremacy has been challenged by 
Filipino nationalists. 

Miller ended his talk by emphasizing the probability 
of armed combat breaking out in the Philippines. He 
said that although most people in the Filipino Move-
ment talk of the revolution as being "still a generation 
away", the conditions are becoming more and more 
intolerable, and lead to a conclusion that war is close. 
He also made clear that he felt the U.S. would not 
hesitate to militarily intervene, and that U.S. military ' 
advisors are already "advising" Marcos' army of paid 
mercenaries. With the tradition of-Vietnam close to our 
memories, his words ring out a very real warning . 

UCSD Theater. .. 
Continued from page 3 

"The Rimers of Eldritch' is not a heavy play," Wagner .. 
said. "It is funny and satirical but also realisti c and the 

. quick scene changes give it a cinematic quality. I think 
it will be very entertaining. 

"It opens with the trial and as it progresses the 
audience begins to find out what really happened in 
Eldritch. However, they don't find out till the very end 
and then it is shocking." 

"We are not attempting to caricature the 
townspeople," Wagner said. "We are trying to find real 
three-dimensional people knowing. that it is their 
involvement that makes them what they are. All of the 
scenes are really thumbnai l sketches and it is our job to 
give them some substance - a murderous task for an 
actor. " 

"language is very important. It is a play for voices," 
he said. "Some of the scenes involve action and some 
are purely vocal. It was a great challenge to cast ." 

The cast includes 15 UCSD undergraduates, two 
UCSD graduate students, and one community actor 
playing the role of a mature woman. 

a long hot walkl While 
those kats drive down, we 
have to walk, get blisters 
on our feet and those 
squares won't even pick us 
up. We know the game 
they're playing. They hope 
we get tired of walking up 
and down so we won 't go 
there anymore and the y 
can have it all to 
themselves. Why don 't all 
those people that live up 
there and the el i te from 
the University wal k down 
too? Wh y is it only safe for 
them to drive down? We 
drive as well as they do. We 
ought to block all their cars 
and make them walk down 
and see how they like 
being a peasant. We should 
de mand equal rights to 
drive down. Let 's all de-
mand that we can drive 
down and not have that 
long hot walk, or, have 

everyone walking! The 
beach be longs to the 
University, that's us, and 
not the people that live in 
La Jolla Farms! Now they 
are changing the lock on 
the gate so that the few 
lucky ones of us that have 
keys won't be able to use 
those keys anymore. I think 
that that gate has got to go! 

Signed: Jay Rubinoff 

Israeli 
Ethloplal 

Kenya 
August 9 for 22 days 

Fully Escorted 
From San Diego 

$1496. 
Points Four World 

Travel Service 
233-8841 

Ask for Gladys Block 

mtffinttnntf .a 
Er.staurant - 1It1katrsltl'n 

J!n.aqtr St'y1t anil-)talian . 
69110 u. Jolla Bhd .• u. Jolla 459-2433 

Open 7 days a week. Mon. ·Sat. II -II . Sun. 9:30- 10 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITY THRU 

HYPNOSIS 
D. RAKOW 281-4586 

Now through Sunday-
The Getaway 7:30 & 11 :00 p.m. 
Harold and Msu.de 4:30 p.m. 

I~I ::::-, .. 
May 10-11-12.13 

2 shows nightly - 7:30 & 10:30 p.m. 
except Sunday - 8:00 p.m. . 

Tickets $3.00 ADV. $3.50 at the Door 
Ticket info. 753-3955 

LA PALOMA PACIFIC COAST HWY. AT '0 ' ST .• ENCINITAS 

fun-slop 
shopping 
Artiques, books, candles, fount . 15, jewelry, leather, macrame, 
paintings, pots-in fact , everything for the person who doesn 't 
have everything . 3780 Mission Blvd. in old MiSSion 8eoch. Phone 
488-3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 am to 9:00 pm-Fri . 11 :30 om 
to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm- Sun. 11 :30 am to 5,30 pm . 

YABYUm 
USE ... 

Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 
Effective now. until close of busmess June 30. 

] 973. your Unlvers,ty & State Employees Credit 
Union will offer a new low finanCing charge of 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new au tos and trucks . 

and used vehicles up to four years old. We believe 
thiS new low rate com bined With our loan pro· 

tectlon insurance. provided without extra charge, 
is the lowest auto financing package offered in 

the San Diego area. Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price. Including tax 

and license. with t rms to 36 mont~s . Take 
advantag of th is new low fin ancing ratE before 

it ends June 30 1973. 

[][]~[§ 
CRE IUN 

= UNIVERSITY. STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNtON OF SAN DIEGO 

Page 7 Tuesday, May 1, 1973 Triton Times 



..................... annn .. n~4~lent!§ ................................ . 

PHILO) PHY CLUB 
MEETINt>, Tuesday May 1, 
4:00 in Revelle Informai 
Lounge. Interested faculty, 
grads, a ,d undergrads are 
welcome to come for discus-
sion of department goals and 
philosophy. (5/1) 
Dr. John Stewart, Provost, 
Muir College, will speak to 
Society and Human Values 
Class in 2A, Room 2113 
Tuesday, May 1 2:00 until 
3 :30 . Open to viSiting 
students. (5/1) 
CHESS CLUB meets tonight 
in the Revelle North dining 
hall at 7:30. Everybody is 
welcome. (5/1) 

wednelday 
A representat iv e from 
PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE 
will be on campus, 
Wednesday, May 2 to inter-
view students in all majors for 
positions in the sales and 
service of life, health , and 
equ ity products for in -
dividuals and businesses. 
Successfu l completion of 
their training program will 
lead to a choice of career 
agent, field management, or 
home office work. Come to 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
20, Muir College to schedule 
your appointment. (5/1) 
On Wednesday, May 2, 1973 
Trident Christian Fellowship 
will meet at 7:30 p.m. in the 
Muir apartment television 
lounge. The Bible Study will 
be on "Christian Respon-
sibilities to the Body" The 
Ma in Scr ipture will be 
Ephesians chapter 5. Come 
and share thiS time of study 
and fellowship. (5/1) 
Wednesday, May 2, 8-10 
a.m., Graduate Women 's 
Comm ittee , Conference 
Room B, 106 Matthews 
Campus . Coffee and 
doughnuts Will be served. 
(511) 

He Noa Lani Dance, Co. stu-
dent organization meets ev-
ery Wednesday for class at 
the Gym, No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m. Everyone invited/stu-
dents, staHlfaculty (4/24) 

Senior Octavio Paz, well-
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, will be at UCSD as a 
Regent's Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 
time he will deliver series of 
four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Span ish 
America and will give a 
public reading of his poetry 

services 
Tool Rentals all media Claus von 
Wendel's StudIO 2150 Jimmy Durante 
Blvd . OM (Sit ) 

AulO Repa ir, Weld Ing . Eng Ine 
Rebulld,ng . Low Rates 453-9368 
(Sit) 

Illustrator' eeds work Call 565 -8033 
ask for Pa 8 -~ , M-F (Sit I 

personals 
s W I hs' e enlered a pha e where I 
thoughl wl",ld be dubIOUS but InSlead 
found you Always me F V (Sit ) 

Sappy H,r''lday Champ. ellen hough .1 
rea ty IS 2 5 lOlle. Ihe "almost tenn.s 
pro (Sit 

Ku HAP 'Y fjIRTHDAY' (5/1 ) 

'HOLA KATAI (5/ 1) 
Prima The apY Y"u ve read Ihe book 

l ",ere5ted~ daillwrtte M,ke McLane, 
465t CaSll ! Cresl Dr LA 9004 t (511) 

10lt and found 
LOST W,lson T2000 Ten Rscke MUIr 
Gaf 4/23 Gall Sieve II 453 ·6137 
Rew.,d No Oues asked (Sit) 
lost Sal by fountain 0" whtt wool 
b nkat wired, groen. black trIpe 
453-9034 (511) 

with subsequent translations 
into English. Wednesday, 
May 2, PUBLIC READING 
- 8 p . m ., HL Aud .; 
Thursday, May 3, Third Lec-
ture - 3 p.m. HL 1449, 
Thursday, May 10, Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. HL 1449 

thurMi., 
Old time dancing and music. 
Come dance squares and 
contras to live music. All 
we lcome . 8 :0 0 p . m . 
Thursdays at the Mu ir 
cafeteria. FREE. (EI) 
Dr. Aaron Cicourel, Chair-
man, Department of 
Sociology will speak to 
Society and Human Values 
Class in 2A, 2113, Thursday, 
May 3 2-2:30 p.m. Open to 
visiting students. (5/1) 
The UCSD Branch of the 
Young Workers Liberation 
League is sponsoring a lec-
ture discussion in obser-
vance of May Day, the great 
struggle of the working class 
for the 8 hour day and Cinco 
de Mayo, Mexican Liberation 
Day and their freedom from 
French occupation . The 
guest speakers will be Henry 
Winston, National Chairman 
of the Communist Party, USA 
and Lorenzo Torrez, National 
Chairman of the Chicano 
Liberation Committee of the 
CPUSA. The topic of the 
lecture will be multiracial 
workers unity. All students 
are urged to attend. Free 
Admission. Thursday, May 3, 
7:30 P.M. 201 MC (5/1) 
Repr es entat ives from 
AETNA LIFE & CASUALTY 
will be on campus Thursday, 
May 10 , to talk with 
Bachelor's Degree can-
didates in any discipl ine 
about positions in manage-
ment training and insurance 
market ing . Anyone in-
terested in exploring careers 
in business and manage-
ment is encouraged to sign 
up for an interview at Career-
Education Planning Services 
(CEPS), 6th Floor, Bldg. 2D, 
Muir College, Copies of Aet-
na literature are available 
also. (5/8) 
On Thursday, May 3, at the 
International Center at noon 
there will be a fourth in a 
series of public discussions. 
This week the topic is - The 
UCSD Woman Graduate 
Student: Is discrimination a 
myth? - This is a report of 
the ~CSD graduate women's 
committee . All welcome. 
(5/1) 
THE TRITON WARGAM-
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs . night in MC 506. We 

Gudeman's agrtcola & Garmants 01 
Tacitus C School last 2 wks Reward 
lor return 270-0768 (Sit I 

Lost-male German Shep·2 yrs old-
Oel Mar area - wearing lag - Call 
755-7989 alter 8 p .rT! Reward (Sit) 

Lost - Frtday Apr 20. light brown 
wallet, keep 'IlOney. please relurn 
"replaceable cards Call Don 278-
8053 (Sit I 

FOUND - Blown sunglasses, 4-20, 
Upper MUIr parkIng lot Call 453-9520 
before 10 a m. (Sit) 

Found - Cheap yellow ton-speed, 
Idenllfy and pick up 453-0593 (SI t) 

travel 
10th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE from $239 round -Irlp 
J~PAN from $359 round-trtp. 
Call Flight Chairman , 583- t297, 4246 
Overlsnd Ave , Oept A, Culver City 
90230 (6/8) 

wanted 
R.de needed to Sanla Barbara on 
Tu s May I Will share expenses 
Plea call ~eal 755-9050 (511) 

Sell me a good used d sk limp 
(Neon?) or electrtc al rm clock Karl 
453-3392 (mUIr 1(-2) t5lt 41 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, May 1, 1973 

play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 

gen'.rel 
Weekly firesides, Monday 
nights 8 p.m. Lounge below 
Muir Commons All are 
welcome. Sponsored by 
U.C.S.D. Baha'i Club. (Ell) 
UCSD Madrigal singers, 8:00 
p.m. Friday May 4, 1973 -
Sherwood Hall , 700 
Prospect Street, La Jolla, 
California, Free and open to 
the public. (5/4) 
A representative from 
HOLL Y STORES, the ap-
parel division of S.S. Kresge 
Co . will be on campus 
Friday, May 4 to interview 
students of all majors for 
positions in the Management 
Trainee Program leading to 
executive positions in store 
operation, merchandise, per-
sonnel and district 
managers. Come to Career-
Education Plann ing Ser-
vices, 6th Floor, Bldg. 2D, 
Muir College to arrange your 
appointment and pick up a 
copy of the company 
brochure. (5/4) 
Representatives from the 
california state personnel _ 
BOARD will be on campus 
Monday and Tuesday, May 7 
and 8 to talk with Bachelor 
Degree candidates (or 
graduate students) regarding 
opportunities for JUNIOR 
STAFF ANSLYSTS 
positions. These positions 
are primarily in Sacramento 
and are in four general work 
areas: personnel analysis, 
budget analysis, manage-
ment analysis, and program 
analYSis. The common base 
among all jobs is the 
analytical thinking required . 
The difference lies primarily 
in the application of the 
analys is. Descriptions of 
each position and further In-
formation is available at 
Career-Education Planning 
Services, 6th Floor, Bldg. 
2D., Muir College. Come by 
to look at their literature and 
to schedule your interview. 
(5/8) 
Sunday, May 6, 3:00 and 
8:00, Sherwood Hall, La 
Jolla; Concert of Romantic 
Music, Earl Wild , piano , 
Aileen Richards, flute with 
the La Jolla Civic/University 
orchestra. (5/4) 
Saturday, May 5, 8:30 MC, 
Music from Kneare, gordon, 
julian, white. (5/4) 
Friday, May 4, 8:30, 409 MC, 
Piano Quartet, jim stark, 

RIDE WANTED: Prompt employee 
needs rtde WIth same. I have a car pool 
sbcker but alas, no carl Reed and 
Ingraham Streel area (P.B I Please 
phone, ext. 2715 or 272- t494 , Chrts 
(Sit I 

Anyone Interesled In working on Ihe 
George Moscone (Gov Candldale '74) 
campaIgn contact Slephante at 453-
0974 or leave a message at Xt176 by 
Mon the 30th so a meeting can be 
arranged wllh hIS campaign manager 
10 'get rt logether ' (5/1) 

WANTED EMBROIOERY, Will trade 
lor repair on your car, house, etc , Dlon 
X 1993 days (Sit) 

KAYAK wanted cheap. used one call 
Sue 8t e,1 I 133 bel 8-5, eves . 755-
1298 (5/4) 

houllng 
Wanled ' I bdrm ept or houle WIthin 10 
mIles 01 UCSD Sepl-June - Judy 
453-9034 (511) 
WANTED t or 2 bedroom apartmenl 
or house 10 sublel for month of August, 
t 73, Plea contact Susan or Lou.s 
Montrose. 453-2371 or X2803 (5/4 ) 
Sludenl needs to renVsubleese apt 
(near schooll for lhe lummer Gall 
Lenny 453-9178 (511) 
Two Bdrm, t balh, carpets and drlpel, 
cable TV Located near Unlverllly City, 
neaf SCriPPS HosplUlI Ind UCSD, ktd. 
and pet. 01< 4 t34 GamlnlO TlClno, 
453-8785 (511) 

violin, rachel kam, viola, 
marlin owen, cello, jerri lee 
owen, piano . works by 
Schubert, Beethoven, 
Brahms. (5/4) 
PRE MEDS: On Saturday, 
May 12 Dr. Eugene Berns-
tein will be speaking on his 
current heart research and 
how it relates to his clinical 
practice. This talk, spon-
sored by the U.C.S.D. Pre-
Med Club, is being given 
especially for pre-med 
students. Saturday, May 12, 
11 :00 a.m., at the Multi-
Purpose Room , V.A . 
Hospital. (5/4) 
Peter J. Wilson , a preacher 
from Salem, Oregon will be 
3pe ak in g at a Gospel 
Meeting at the Church of 
Christ located at 4790 
Seminole Drive (off 6400 EI 
Cajon Blvd.) - a few blocks 
east of San Diego State). The 
meetings are nightly at 7:30 
through Saturday and Sun-
day 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. 
Everyone welcome. (5/4) 

" Attenu .,) All Mus ical 
Groups", On May 19, there 
will be a concert given on the 
soccer field. All interested 
groups call : Harvey Daniels 
or Hymie Munoz at 453-
2000, etx. 2107 or 2108. We 
need you to perform for 
"free" for 1/2 hour to 1 hour. 
(5/18) 
A BOOK SALE will be held 
on Saturday and Sunday, 
May 5 & 6, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
on the entrance walk to the 
Central University Library, 
UCSD. Many books in a 
variety of subject fields will 
be on sale at bargain prices. 
The Sale is sponsored by 
The Friends of the UCSD 
Library, who will use the 
proceeds from the sale to 
purchase much-needed 
books for the UCSD Univer-
sity Libraries. Everyone is 
invited I (5/4) 

An exhibition of Renaissance 
plaques and medals from the 
Morgenroth Collection In 
Santa Barbara and fac-
similes of manuscripts by 
Leonardo de Vinci and 
Nicolaus Copernicus will be 
on display in the Central 
University Library Lobby 
from May 1-20. (5/18) 

The Jewish Students 
Association is sponsoring a 
weekef1d in the mountains, 
May 18-20. There will be 
dancing, sports, seminars, 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cost of $5.00, which also 
includes transportation and 
meals. There is more infor. to 
come, but if you're In-

t housemate, own room, Clalremonl, 
$65/mo Gall 272-7804 eve. (Sit) 
NEEO: Two people 10 share one room 
In 2 BR house. Gall 755-2915 (5/ 1) 

for lale 
garrard 40b turnlable grado fcr cart. 
$35 PH 270- 1796 (511) 
For Sale : Spalding "smasher" 
aluminum lennis racket. GUl slringed. 
E.cellenl condnion, only $25 (new 
$50) Call 225-0887 after 5'30 pm. 
'65 MGB MuSI sell 10 pay renl Michelin 
radIals. radio. runs great - needs 
muiller, 755- 1945 (5/4) 

'58 \IW Bus needs body work $300 or 
best oller 453-5153 (5/4) 

Spalding aluminum lennlS raquet-4 .... .. 
grtp, cover Incl VG COf'd. $22.50 -
call Dave 453-1 951. (5/4) 

FOR SALE Fender electric ateel 
gullar Ask for Ken 453-5667. (5/4) 

Russell Surfboard - excellent condI-
tIon lenglh - 6'2" wldth- t 9" askIng 
$65 or be81 oller Call 453-8815 (5/4) 

'7t Volvo t4254ap 18k Mlch Itr " 
LOVing Care makes thIS car a beauty. 
$2750, 459-0105 (511) 
For Sale '70 \IW Camper-Van, 10-
mIleage, e.cellent condillon, Call Tert 
Burgell, 232-2 171 (51!) 
1970 YAMAHA 2SOcc Twin OS 6, 
Extrl C n 12,000 miles 1350 00 Gall 
459-01 65 (511) --' 

terested, call Joanne at 272-
5939. (5/19) 
The American Friends Ser-
vice Committee is preparing 
to organize a fund-raising 
effort to provide medical 
supplies and aid to Viet-
namese civilians. We urgent-
ly need the assistance of 
faculty, students and staff to 
help promote this non-
political, humanitarian effort. 
Anyone interested should 
contact Mark Siegel in the 
TRITON TIMES office, NW 
corner of Blake Hall, Revelle 
Campus, X1016, or leave 
your name and phone 
number. (5/1) 

Attention : All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
classified ads in this publica-
tion are free to currently 
enrolled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed. 
All ads longer than th is will 
be reduced . We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi-
tjon we are not responsible 
for any errors. Please make 
sure to check your ad for 
corrections the day it 
appears. Usually ads will run 
automatically for two Issues 
depending on space 
availability. IMPORTANT!!! 
All ads must have your stu-
dent 10 number or they will , 
not be considered. If you 
wish your ad to be longer 
than the alloted space a 
small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewriters are 
available in the off ice. 
Deadlines are Mon. 9 a,m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed. 

5 p.m. for the Fri. Issue. The 
ads will go In on a first come 
first serve basis. 
"TO ALL GRADUATING 
SENIORS, REVELLE COL-
LEGE: Posted outside the 
Revelle Provost Office wlli be 
a list of graduating seniors for 
Spring 1973. If your name 
does not appear on the list 
please, contact Charlotte 
Cysner, Office of the Provost 
or call her at extension 
2231 ." (5/11) 
The new UCSD permanent 
collection, featuring works by 
Van Gogh, Matisse, Monet, 
Chagall, Renoir, and 
Cezanne, will be on display 
April 24 - May 16 in the 
main gallery. Gallery hours 
are dally from 12-5 and 
Wednesday evenings from 
8-10 p.m. (4/24) 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
Notice is hereby given that the TRITON 

TIMES, 111 Lower Blake Hall , Revelle 
Campu , UCSD, La Jolla, CA. 92037, ha, 
filed ~th the Student Employment Office 
in compliance with Chancellor WIlliam 
McElroy's ruling of October 27, 1972, a 
to ting of jobs available for the 1913- 1974 
academic year. 

In compliance with the job ruling the 
followina listing of jobs available In said 
offices is given: Editor-in-Chief, City 
Editor, Managing Editor, Copy Editor, 
Busines Manager, Editorial Director, Arts 
Editor, Spans Editor, Photography Editor, 
Secretary, Assistant City Editor, A iSlant 
Businc s Manager. Assistant Editorial 
Diroctor, A \Stant Sparts Ed,tor, Science 
Editor , Secrelarial Assistants and 
alcsmen. 
Any person wi hin, to apply must first 

pick up. referral from the Student Employ-
ment Office, 210 MC, and then present the 
referral to Corky or Camy in the TRITON 
TI M ES office Monday-Friday 12:00-1 :00 in 
order to pick up an application. All 
applications mu t be in by May 8, 1973, 
12:00 noon. The TRITON TIMES IS AN 
Equal Oppnrtunity Employer. AIL elected 
pa ition are subject to final approval by 
the UC D Communication. Board. 

Help Vietnam's Children through UNICEF 

A motherles Vietname e child-one of many thou-
. sands of small victim of the war-waits in his 

father' arms for help from the United Nations 
Children'S Fund, UNICEF is planning major re-
habili tation programs throughout Indo-China, to 
rebuild chools, orphanage an 1 health centet , train 
nul' e , teachers and ~ocial worker , and provide 
badly needed upplieR, Public contribution may be 
sent to U,S, ommittee foJ' UNI EF, 331 Ea t 3 th 

t., New York 10016, 

BEAUTYI An AM-FM -SW - Pohce -
Air Weather powertul multi-band radio. 
New condition. Must sell. $33. Fay, 
272- 1303. (51t) 
TURNTABLE - RealistIC LAB12A S25 
wlbase & cover. Only used Sundays 
by old lady. John 270-3071 (511) 
FOR SALE: '72 Datsun Coupe: 25,000 
mIles, lake over paymlntl. Gall Terl 
Burgess 232-2171 . (511) 
used 200 CM. Head 360 aklls. used 
less than 20 da. $60, Julie or Dava, 
272- 1374. (511) 

For Sale: '66 Dalsun 1600 Spans new 
tires, brakes, paint, xlnt condo S850 01 
so Call Bob 453-0457. (5/1) 

Save these puppteS from the pound. 
Groal mix ' Shep Samoyed, Lab. 
Smart 100. Friendly anraCllve watchdog 
companions 7 wks 755-9590 (511) 

SEIKO LADIES WATCH, New with 
warr. Cost SIOO, sell for $60. 453-
2768 (5/1) 
PEUGOT PA 10 wllubular tyre., white, 
.Inl condo MUST SELl. Cott $150 1811 
$120. 453-0328 (511) 
KoI<ulIl 10-apeed-VG cond , many 
extras. $ t 45/01l.r Call Dave, 453-
t951. (Sill 
For I8Ia Galibl8r Vercor hlklng bool , 
In good Condition, $30 Call Paul, 755-
6833. (SlI) 
INEXPENSIVE STEREOI Realtona 
AM/FM Multiple. receiver-amplifier. 
30 wa booI<ahelt apeaker. Argo 8211 
453-0961 . (511) 

Need 1 or 2 to share house In Clmt. for 
summer. Call Rick or Shelly 565-8409. 
(511) 
Air condtlloner for 1971 or 72 VW 
Super Beetle - Xlnt shape, best offer 
Dave, 453-3534. (511) 
For sale ' '50 \IW Bus, blue-green & 
whIte all wood & cloth inside, bed In 
rear, 4 new MIchelin radIals, rebuilt 
engine & transmiSSIon 12000 ml.; 
S950/0ller, T. Sain x1226. (5111 
Four 14" x 6" Chevy mags and lires 
Wllh V.W. adaplera. 755-0337. (511) 
For Sale: Toyola. Mark II 70, WIth air 
rad io, clock, radIals. 81ereo, Call 0465-
5506 after 6.00. (Sit) 
STEREO HEADPHONES -
EXCELLENT CONDITON - $10 Gall 
Eric 4533392 (511) 
22 gal. aquarium WIth Iliters and gravel. 
$10, Surfboard $20, Randy, 453-
t451. (511) 
to-speed bicycle Top Shape, auper 
IIghlw ight, only 22 lb • . Sew-up tires, 
alloy Ira me, a slaal SI $ I 00 753-2367 
(5/1) 
For lale: Good double manress and 
box springs $10. Must be able to pick-
up. 753-5890 (511) 
For Sele '88 Honda, 90 scooter, exc 
cond aide boxes, helm,1 Included 
$200. 454-0850. (511) 
26 gal . aquarium .how tank with 
gravel, flilera, .Ilenl giant pump, $35, 
453- 1451 . (5/1) 
For Sale 7'S" MIke Hynson aemi-gun 
uHra lighl 550 firm 453- 11189. (511) 


