
CACSLI: 
Attempting to Establish Student ·Administration Communication 

Greg Hicks 
has been involved in such activities as 
the allocation of campus activity fees 
for the 1972-73 year and improvement 
of UCSD food services (getting campus 
food prices lowered and providing 
space for off-campus people) . At the 
present time the committee is working 
to establish a center for the distribu-
tion of information on the student 
lobby in Sacramento. 

being highly effective" (for example, in 
its allocation of activity fees) . 

ministration. 
Stephanie Harris, the chairman of 

the committee, emphasized that there 
is a need for greater student involve-
ment in the group. She mentioned 
plans to hold open forum meetings 
which would provide a means of stu-
dent input into the committee. With 
this sort of student participation the 
committee would, she said, be much 
more effective. Instead of fifteen com-
mittee members voicing their 
opinions, the view they expressed 
would reflect the feelings of a large 
body of students . Until students 
choose to get involved, she said, the 
committee cannot "really be effec-
tive." It appears that this is the single 
most important factor in determining 
the future direction of the committee. 

The activities of the Chancellor's 
Advisory Committee on Student life 
and Interest have, according to several 
persons on the committee, produced 
some important and valuable results. 
At the same time, they say, the com-
mittee has not 0 operated to its full 
potential, because of lack of student 
input into the committee. 

The most important function of the 
committee is to provide some sort of 
communication between students and 
the administration. It is the primary 
mechanism for informing the ad -
ministration of areas of discontent or 
concern among students. 

In addition to this central function it 

Despite these varied activities it has 
been questioned wheter the com-
mittee is as effective as it could be. Vice 
Chancellor Murphy, who has constant-
ly worked in close contact with 
CACSLI, said that at this early stage (the 
committee began operating at the start 
of the year) it is "hard to judge" the 
effectiveness of the committee. He 
stated that it has shown "evidences of 

Vince Schwent, a graduate student 
on the committee, commented that 
the committee has a "lot of potential " 
but that it has not been as effective as it 
could be. He mentioned the lack of 
communication between students and 
the persons on the committee. The 
same point was stressed by Margaret 
Holm, a Revelle representative on the 
committee. She said that the CACSLI is 
a "useful tool for voicing opinions to 
the Chancellor." She stated that not 
enough people heard about the com-
mittee last quarter. In her view, it is 
important for the students, actively to 
avail themselves of the opportunity 
which the committee offers for ex-
pressing their opinions to the ad-

Vo lume 18, Number 9 University of Ca lifornia, San Diego 

How to Get UCSD Legal Aid 
Rick Drom 

Who can you turn to if you find yourself in jail at 3 
a;m. some Sunday morning? 

If you are an undergraduate at UCSD you can call the 
Center for Legal and Social Services. A trained legal 
assistant will Ealm you down, alert friends and begin to 
work for your"' release. 

Membership in the Center is just one of many free 
legal services offered at UCSD. At UCSD "students are 
entitled to legal service in the same way as health or 
career planning services are now offered," according 
to Steve Pingree, a legal assistant. 

Last Spring students voted, in a referendum, to 
finance legal aid for students. After the Associated 
Students was ended, the Chancellor's Advisory Com-
mittee on Student Life and Interests continued funding 
of this program through June 30th. 

Though all undergraduates at UCSD are eligible, the 
Center can best aid those who have completed an 
informational questionnaire. This confidential form is 
necessary in order to contact friends in an emergency, 
verify residency or determine vital statistics necessary 
to secure an "own recognizance" release (no bail). 

Pingree said that, " The more legally complicated the 
caSe is, the more information lawyers need in order to 
help students." These confidential forms can be picked 
up in the office of .the Dean of Students, M.e. 250. 

After this form is filed, under lock and key, in the 
Center, an identification card will be issued. On this 
card are instructions about what to do in case of arrest 
and the Center's number. A trained lega l assistant will 
be on ca ll to help students 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week. 

If a student finds himself in jail he should first call the 
Center. The assistant who answers the phone will then 
begin to work on the case. 

First the aide will call whatever friends the students 
want notified and transfer any messages. Then, if it isn't 
too late, he will call up the proper authorities and ask 
that the student be released on hb own recognizance 
(O.R.). 

The judge will normally grant an O .R. release only if 
he is convinced that the student will return to the 
courtroom and not run off. The Center can usually 
make a strong case for an O .R. release for the following 
reasons: 

The student is not a transient, but is attending a 
university. 

The student is a member of the Center and thus has 
definite ties with this community. 

The Center is able to provide information like union 
affi liation or the name of his local employer thanks to 
the confidential form that the student already fi lled 
out. 

If a judge refuses to grant a release on O .R. then the 
Center will help find a bondsman for the arrested 
student so that he may be released on bail. 

Thanks to the Center, this usually lengthy and trying 
experience of getting out of jail is reduced to between 
2 and .. hours. 

After the student has been released the Cent r will 

Steve Pingree, legal assistant, explains the 
function of the Center for Legal and 
Social Services. 
arrange for a free visit with a lawyer. If a legal case is 
complicated and requires more legal work the Center 
will help find an attorney. Center members will only be 
charged one half of the minimum bar fee. 

Another advantage to members of the Center is the 
helpful attitude that the San Diego Police Department 
has shown to the Center. This attitude is the result of 
months of communication with the SDPD. 

Members who show officers their Center card may 
be able to avoid being arrested and taken to jail. 
Instead, because of the informational resources of the 
Center, the officer can justify giving the student a 
ci tation to appear in court on a misdemeanor. 

The Center card is in no way a guarantee that 
members won't be arrested . But the card is an aid to 
prove to an officer that he is justified in giving a citation 

. because the member has definite ties to the San Diego 
community. 

Use of the Center is not restricted to just criminal 
cases. Students are faced with a variety of legal 
problems each day. Problems range from landlord 
disputes to credit problems to legal suits against or for 
them. The Center wishes to help members overcome 
all of these difficulties. If a lawyer is needed then the 
Center will provide the student with one free visit with 
a lawyer each year, whether he is arrested or not. 

Graduate students as well as members of the com-
munity may also join the Center. Information on th 
Center and the legal services which it provides can b 
obtained from Steve Pingree at X2945 or from the 
Center at 234-6755. 

The people at the Center, like Stev Pingree, ar 
eager to help those in need. Their goal is to h Ip 
memb r to make the system work for th m. Th y will 
help m mbers to solv their own probl m and mak 
th ir own deci ions rather than " baby" m mber . 

They urge student who have a legal problem or who 
ju t think that th y may hav a problem to call th 
C nt r and I t them help. 

Tuesday, February 6, 1973 

Special Admissions 
To Be Cut 

Charlie Heimler 
. In compliance with an order from Vice President of 

the University e.0. McCorkle, Jr., Special Action 
admissions will be cut at UCSD next year, accoridng to 
Vice Chancellor of Administration Bernard Sisco. 

In a letter to the Chancellors dated December 12, 
1972, M cCorkle states that each campus must comply 
with the 2+2 percent rule, and that admissions in 
excess of that rule cannot be used for justification of 
additional resources. 

Special Action Admission policy allows a student 
who does not meet the entrance requirements of high 
school GPA 3.1 or better in the A to F subjects or high 
enough College Board scores, to be admitted to the 
University. When first initiated, the program allowed 
each campus to admit 2 percent of its total enrollment 
under Special Action .These students were admitted on 
the basis of their having a special skill, such as athletic, 
artistic or musical ability. 

An alternative course of action to cutting the number 
of Special Action admits is now under informal discus-
sion among faculty and administrators. Accordidng to 
Assistant to the Chancellor Phil James, an experimental 
program is being explored which would allow an per 
ent of students over the 2+2 percent allowed to be 
admitted . It cannot be determined how soon such an 
experiment would come about, ince formal di-
cussions of the project will not begin until March. 

Later, an additional 2 p rcent was provided for 
admission of disadvantaged student those student 
who it was felt had not had equal educational oppor-
tunity. 

UCSD last year admitted 152 student on p cial 
Action, clo e to 7 percent of its total enrollment, 141 of 
those being di advantag d stud nts. ccording to the 
2+2 p rcent rule, UC D should have be n limited to 87 
Special Action Admi ion, meaning that ne tear's 
Special Action Admissions will be cut by 65. UCSD w nt 
over the four percent allowable, by authorization of 
former Chancellor McGill, pursuing a policy of admit-
ting all likely ca ndidate . 

Special Action students ar divided among the thr e 
co lleges, with approximat Iy 58 P rcent attending the 
Third College, 29 percent Muir College, and 13 percent 
at Revelle College. 

Special Action student a scre ned by the d-
mi sion Office, the Fa ulty C::>mmittee On pial 

continued on pige 7 

• • 
- omlsslon-



Career Opportunities 
A representative from the NATIONAL OCEANIC 

AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA) 
OFFICER'S CORPS will be on campus, Friday, Feb 9, to 
talk with students in math, engineering and physical 
sciences. An officer entering on duty with NOAA is 
under a three-year service obligation which satisfies his 
Selective Service requirement. The first two years are 
shipboard assignments within the National Ocean 
Survey, including hydrographic or oceanographic in-
vestigations; afterwards, an officer could be assigned to 
either the National Weather Service, Fisheries, En-
vironmental Satelite Service, Research labs, Data Ser-
vice, or the office of Sea Grant. Appointments may be 
made he calling Career Planning Services, Ext. 2401, or 
dropping by Career Planning, 6th Floor, Bldg. 20, Muir 
College. 

A representative from GENERAL MOTORS 
RESEARCH LABORATORIES in Warren, Michigan, will 
be on campus Friday, Feb 9, to talk with Ph .Do's in 
Ames, Physics and Chem concerning research positions 
in energy conversion with emphasis on environmental 
problems. They are also interested in Ph .D.'s in 
Economics and Psychology concerning research 
positions in socio-economic problems associated with 
the interface of the corporate citizen and society. 
(Primarily interested in people who are numberical-
methods oriented.) To sign up for an interview, come 
by Career Planning Services, 6th Floor, Bldg. 2D, Muir 
College. Copies of GM literature are available. 

poets of the Black Mountain group and perhaps the 
main figure of the San Francisco Renaissance, is 
generally considered one of the great masters of the 
"open form." He has published numerous books of 
poetry Bending the Bow, Rools and Branches, The 
Opening of the Field etc.; and his H.D. Book, a tribute 
to a beautiful woman poet, is an ongoing exploration 
of the relation of poetry to the human spirit. He will 
read and talk with students in the Formal lounge, 
Wednesday afternoon Feb. 7 at 4:00 P.M. The reading is 
part of a series cosponsored by the literatu re Depart-
ment and the Campus Wide Programming Board, 
which will also bring George Open to this campus 
Feb. 28. Duncan will be here as part of the Revelle 
guest-in-residence committee. All students are 
welcome to attend the reading and discus,Sion 
afterward . 

Acupunctur~ Mak~s 
Points at UCSD 

So much interest has already been expressed in a 
presentation on acupuncture scheduled to be held on 
the UCSD campus Friday, Feb. 16, that the program will 
now be repeated the next night, Saturday, Feb. 17. 

According to Mrs. Marjorie Schneider of UCSD 
Extension both evening sessions will begin at 7 p.m. in 
Room 2100 of the Basic Science Building, UCSD School 
of Medicine. However, registration has been closed for 
Friday because enrollment is already at capacity, she 
said. There is a fee of $5 per person. 

Featured speakers will be S. Thomas lee, M.D., chief 
of anesthesiology at the Kaiser Foundation Hospital in 
Honolulu, who recently returned from a trip to Hong 
Kong and Red China; and Thompson C. liang, and 
acupuncturist in the San Diego area. 

Low-Blows 

Edward Simons 

The Regional Director of AETNA LIFE AND 
CASUALTY will be on campus to talk with Bachelor's 
Degree Candidates in any discipline about positions in 
management training and insurance marketing. 
Anyone interested in exploring careers in business and 
management is encouraged to sign up for an interview 
at Career-Education Planning Services (CEPS), 6th floor 
Bldg. 20, Muir. Copies of Aetna literature are available. 
If you are still enexperienced in job interviewing, 
request a copy of the CEPS paper " Job-Seeking 
Techniques" and ask about other services which might 
be helpful. 

Truss Me All The Way 

"The Chicano 
and the Law" 

Author and attorney Enrique Hank lopez is 
scheduled to speak on " The Chicano and the law" at 8 
p.m. Thursday, Feb 8, in the International Center at the 
UCSD. 

The talk, sponsored by the Campus Programming 
Board, is free and open to the public. 

lopez, Executive Director of the National Chicano 
Media Council located in New York City, is the author 
of five books and numerous articles published in such 
magazines as Harper's American Heritage, Nation, 
Look, and Life. Among his books are "Conscience of 
Mexico," an anthology of Mexican literature, "My 
Brother lyndon," by Sam Houston Johnson as told to 
Lopez, is scheduled for publication during 1973. 

lopez received a bachelor's degree (summa cum 
laude) from the University of Denver, a master's degree 
in economics from Harvard University, and a Juris 
Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. He is a 
member of Phi Beta Kappa. 

He se'ved as an attorney specializing in trial work 
with the Ips Angeles firm of Johnson, lopez & Wolfe 
from 1956 t01960 and as an attorney specializing in 
internat onallaw with the Mexico City firm of Moheno 
& Lopez flom 1960 t01966. He has served as both actor 
and script writer for the CBS Television series "The 
Verdict is Yours" and as editor and publisher of 
Dia/ogo, a Mexican literary maMdLin .:: p(fl)li~hed in 
Mexico Cjty. 

During ,he Spring Quarter, 1970, Lopez served o~ a 
Regents' Professor in the Mexican-American Studies 
Division df the University of California, Riverside. A 
y ar lat he served as a Poynter Fellow at Yale 
Univers ty lecturing on political and cultural problems 
of the Mexican-American . 

Robert Duncan 
Presents Poetry 

Robert Duncan, the famous San Francisco po t, will 
read at UCSD on Feb. 7. Duncan, one of the leading 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, February 6, 1973 

George lay in bed, his wife a rather non-descript 
lump beside him. Marsha was reading a paper back 
written by the well-known Dr. David Rhubarb. 

"Hey tV1arsha," he said, nudging her with his elbow. 
"What's on TV?" 

Marsha had been waiting for this moment. She bit 
her lip in resolve and with a flick of the wrist threw the 
book from her. 

"Ung," rasped George. 
Marsha took a deep breath, momentarily evening 

out her x-axis profile. "Kiss mel" she said. . 
If George hadn't been ready for Marsha's wrist 

action, he certainly wasn't prepared for this. "What?" 
he asked. 

"Kiss me, George." 
By now, George had the situation well in hand. 
"Marsha, " he said, shaking his head, "this doesn't 

look good." 
"Ye godsl" cried Marsha in frustration. She raised 

her hand to her face and wiped it wearily. "Oh, 
George," she sighed hopelessly. 

"Why the hopeless sigh?" asked George. "What's 
wrong now?" 

" George," Marsha said, looking at the ceiling, "you 
are the most unromantic hunk of clay that ever walked 
the face of the earth." 

"Ah-hal" said George (who knew it all along), "I 
knew it all alongl And as a matter of fact, I've been 
waiting for this moment." 

Hope flickered across Marsha's face. "You mean ... " 
"I mean we're gonna have this out right now," said 

George. He looked at her menacingly. "Well?" 
"Well what?" pouted Marsha. "What's wrong with a 

girl wanting a little excitement, a little attention, and 
maybe even (here she leered evilly) a few laughs?" 

"Now wait just a damned-" 
"Nol" shouted Marsha. "You listenl For the last 

three years I've lived the life of a mother superior. 
Three years, Georgel That's one thousand and 
ninety'five nightsl" 

" One thousand and ninety'six", corrected George, 
who was since childhood a whiz at math. 

Marsha stared at the ceiling and spoke wistfully. "The 
last time I had any fun was the night you brought those 
cucumbers to bed." 

"You're forty-two years old, Marsha. You're not the 
sexy girl I married," George said. 

" You're no Burt Reynolds, either, George." 
" But don't you see, Marshal That's just it, neither of 

us are as young as we used to be." 
Marsha got out of bed and stood with her hands on 

her vestigial hips. "Surel" she shouted. "I'm forty·two 
years old. So whari But inside- inside, George- I fell as 
young as ammghphl-" 

Generally, Marsha did not mumfel. If for no other 
reason, Marsha was admired for her elocution . 
" However much I despise that woman, at least she 
doesn't mumfel," was a common observation around 
the neighborhood. No it was no fault of Marsha's that 
she mumfelled. The trouble was caused by Marsha's 
dental adhesive which, after an uphill struggle against 
overwhelming odds, gave up the ghost and dropped 
the upper plate on Marsha's tongue. 

"Sweet Jesusl" George laughed. 
Marsha started to cry. "Ohl" she exclaimed and 

closed her mouth. George felt she had had enough. He 
glanced toward his wife, prepared to say a few soothing 
words. The canine and bicuspid protruding from the 
left corner of Marsha's mouth, however, drove him to 
the edge of hysteria. Marsha left the room crying 
uncontrollably. 

In her repose in the livi~g room, Marsha la~ d?wn 0!1 
the couch. A pointed reminder of the couch s disrepair 
stuck her in the back, though, causing a significant shift 
in her bodily disposition. 

'That is, she fell on the floor. 
Two choices presented themselves; Marsha could' 

sleep on the floor or she could sleep with George. It 
was a tough decision but Marsha faced it like a man. 

George was still laughing as Marsha walked back to 
the bedroom. Suddenly the laughing stopped and was 
shortly followed by a strangled yelp, then silence. 
Marsha opened the door and looked apprehensively at · 
her husband. 

" Wh,()t is it, George?" 
George's face was contorted and he was evidently in 

much pain. "Marsha," he whispered, "it's- it's my 
hernia." 

Marsha raised her eyebrows. "Your hernia?" she 
asked, and then started laughing. "This is good, " she 
said . 

"Shut up and det me my truss," he rasped, "the 
doubleaction one." 

Marsha went to the chest of drowers and pulled out 
the truss. She threw it to him and then got into bed. 
He' ll apologize, she thought. 

With the practiced ease of one who is accustomed to 
such things, George squirmed into the truss in record 
time. George had originally planned to raid the icebox . 
but he was much toO exhausted for that now. He lied 
down and tried to get comfortable. He nudged Marsha 
with his elbow. 

"H~y Marsha," he asked. "What's on TV?" 

Mr. Enrique Hank Lopez 
Executive Director, 

National Chicano Media Council 
Will speak on 

HThe Chicano & 
The Legal System" 

February 8 8:00 P.M. 

International Center 
CAMP US PROGRAMMING BOA RD 

~~gg~gg~gg~ggg~ga 

CAMPUS 
PROGRAMMING BOARD 

presents a 

JAZZ 
CONCERT 

featuring 

HAMPTON 
HAWES 

Revelle Cafeteria 8:30 P.M. 
FEBRUARY 9, 1973 

ADMISSION IS FREE 

F'OSSlalUlIES 
All-Star Electron ics 

"Music by the UCSD A:II-Stars," a program of new 
electronic music recently completed by composers 
studying at UCSD will be presented at 8 p.m., Thursday, 
February 8, in the Recital Hall, Bldg. 409 on the 
Matthews Campus. 

The tape concert, which demonstrates the wide 
range of electronic musical activity taking place at 
UCSD, is free and open to the public. A variety of 
sound sources and aesthetics are represented - from 
the human voice and bicycle sounds to pure elec-
tronics and improvisation. 

The program will include works by Vladimer Voose, 
John Mizelle, les Ruble, Reinhard Berg, Susan Palmer, 
Richard Beredon, and the WEB Collective (Warren 
Burt, Ernie Morgan, and Bruce Rittenbach.) 

Varied Origins 
A new exhibition from the permanent collection of 

the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art will be 
installed in the second floor galleries on February 13. 
VARIED ORIGINS OF CONTEMPORARY ART will 
replace the current educational exhibition showing the 
visual relationships between oriental art and the art of 
today, with a further elaboration of the current debt to 
various times and cultures. 

The viewer will be invited to piece together such 
diverse items as masks, sculptures, prints, paitings and 
fabrics. 

The exhibition, containing examples of African, 
oceanic oriental, Persian and European Art, will remain 
on display through April 28. 

All the Things You Are Not 
Having spanned an era completely unknown to a 

whole generation, the bebop era, and survived, suf-
fered but survived, Hampton Hawes is back, playing for 
a new generation - offering his heart, his soul, his very 
life in the only way he knows how, by playing for them. 

Hampton Hawes says of himself "To figure out where 
I'm at today, how.1 progressed from the bop years of 
the late Forties and Fifties to the new album I just cut 
(my thirty-fifth or thereabouts) - seven original tunes 
on which I play four electric keyboards and a Moog 
Synthesizer that can get a flute sound like a drunk 
cobra comi ng out of a green basket in Egypt - to 
understand why I don't play" All the Things You Are" 
anymore and can walk away from Bird and Tatim 
records 'cause I'm tired of having to listen to dead 
giants to make me feel good, you'd have to go back 

Twinkies 
If the Revelle jazz scene 

isn't enough to satisfy your 
musical long i ngs , B. 
Laurence and Associates will 
offer the Twinkies, an all-
original jazz-rooted group 
from San Diego, in concert 
this Friday at midnight at the 
Unicorn Cinema. Stanley 
Rodney said of the group: 
" ... Really stimulating im-
pressivel Easily the most 
original group I have heard 
to come from the San Diego 
Area. Possibly one of the 
best new groups in the 
country!" 

Producer Laurence 
cautions, " ... Don't let the 
name fool you . The Twinkies 
are among the most serious, 
dedicated, and truly talented 
musicians that can be found 
today. At this time, we are 
putting our full energies into 
the development of this one 
group. After one perfor-
mance you will know why." 
Admission is $1 .25 and 
tickets are available at the 
door of the Unicorn Theater. 

thirty-five years to the neighborhood of 35th and 
Denker in West los Angeles." 

It was in this neighborhood that Hampton Hawes, 
son of a preacher, introduced himself to the piano and 
without formal traiing mastered it to the extent that he 
was playing professionally while still in high school. At 
16, he joined the Musicians Union and his first major 
gig came a year later when he joined the band fronted 
by Big Jay McNeely. Later he was to p,lay with Charlie 
Parker, Wardell Gray, Dexter Gordon, Johnny Otis and 
then a group with Shorty Rogers and Art Pepper. 

It was also in the neighborhood of West L.A. that 
Hampton Hawes became strung out on heroin. He 
spent the years 1959-1963 in Fort Worth Hospital in 
rehabilitation struggling to break his nine year heroin 
habit and subsequent arrest. 

Hampton Hawes will be presented in concert 
February 9th at 8:30 p.m. in Revelle Cafeteria. Admis-
sion is free. Come early as seating is limited. 

RadioTimes 
Contrary to many popular beliefs, KSDT is alive and 

functioning in Quonset 314 on Matthews Campus, 24 
hours a day at the frequency of 550 am. 

KSDT is a free-form collage of every kind of music, 
news, collective efforts of other non-commercial radio 
stations - in short, a creative, alternative media, 
available to UCSD students. 

The "staff" consists of about 40 volunteer bodies, 
devoting time and energy to the various departments 
of the station; news, public affairs, music, engineering, 
and production. 

Regular "special" programs have been initiated 
ranging from 17th century classical music to women's 
rights to bluegrass tunes to urban problems-in short, a 
variety of educational, yet entertaining diversions to 
just "plain 01 ' music." 

With the cooperation and help of the Trilon Times, 
we w:1I be printing a program guide (the KSDT " Radio-
Times") in an effort to communicate with the UCSD 
community and create a forum in which ideas can be 
exchanged. 

KSDT, as part of its ongoing development as an 
alternative media source, will be presenting a variety of 
special programs during the following weeks. Feed-
back suggestioJls, criticisms-whatever is welcome. Call 
453-2000, xl155 or 453-1221. 

Tuesday FebruilrY 6 
12 and 10p.m. 

" It's a Nice Place to Visit, But I wouldn't Want to live 
There" (Part 4) 

continued on page 7 

755-6778 

DELIVERY TO UCSD 

PIZZA 

AFTER 9:00 PM 
Order before 1: 30 A. M. 

T'ORPEDOS STROMBOLI 
delivery charge 50¢ 

Restaurant open M-Sat 11 AM - 2 AM Sun 11 AM - 12 AM 

Page 3 Tuesday, February 6, 1973 Triton Times 



New 
Special Student 

Auto Insnrance Program 
For over five years we have worked with 

the auto insurance industry to attempt to 
bring to the college student better cov-
erage at reasonable rates. 

We are happy to announce new dis-
counts never before available to Associa-
ted Students. 

Come in or call today for a personal 
quotation on your auto insurance. No 
computer quotations from out of state 
companies. 

Monte R. Kelley 
Insurance Agency 

e.s.l.s. 
5090 College 

(corner College & Montezumo) 
583-9393 

ThrolJ (h the new NACS Student EducaUonaJ Loan Fund 
(S. E.L.F. ), . coopnaUvt! prOIl&m with the Sute 01 Ca lUornla 
Savlnllind 1.04" Industry. )'01.1 can now borro w money more 
Itasily and wl ' h leu red lape than throUlh any o lher avaUabJe 
sot,.l,ce. Hen ', why : 

'. }IiIo prior bank Hcount reQulnmtnu 
! .. ",0". U,"h,\lon. 

:~ . 'E.tabUahed cndlt not "tee...,., 
t l, l'Iolr.C!!:f!"l tt ... ttaUoft. 
f. No d •• dUne lor Ippl,lnl 
L. ,.,0 coU.tnai requinmentl 
'. "0 p.,baclL tor J 3 month. 
~. At eatabliahed bank Internt 

ONLY QU"L. ~ICATlON : MUST aE A FULL·TlME STUDENT 
for rurther mr'.Hmltion "",tle : 
NACS Student EduCition Loan Fund 
7911 Hersch.,1 Av.nue 
La Jolla . California 92037 
Telephone (7141 459·3705 
Hamo ____________ A." ____ _ 

Addn_.~ ________________ _ 

Clt, ____________ Zlp, ____ _ 

coU •• o _________________ _ 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, February 6,1973 

• • opinion 

., LIKED IT aETTER WHIN WI COULD S" AT HOMI AND CRmCIZI THI aUNGLING "IRICANI" 

Money, Money, 
Money 

. Name Withheld by Request 
It is rather startling for me to observe 

those famous radical "demands" of 
yesteryear befinning to close in on me. 
A fancy sounding Palo Alto consulting 
firm has passed on a requested report to 
the legislature that suggests raising all 
higher education tuitions by several 
hundred dollars a year per student in 
order to finance "Iow income" students' 
education. 

The news report was a highly dis-
tressing idea based on very poor prin-
ciples (it will not affect me). Unfor-
tunately, crude observations seem to 
indicate that it has a fair chance of 
passing! 

The motivating idea hehind the huge 
(1700 per cent! tuition increase is to 
subsidize the "Iow income" families. 
Since the rich seldom pay (net) for 
anything, the bourgeois (the middle 
class) will be shellacked once again. 

The program thrust would be to in-
crease student aid money ONLY for 
those students who are lucky enough(!) 
to have parents who can earn less than 
$15,000 annually. 

I believe in progressivism, but not the 
pilferage an d thievery that some 
" radicals" propound. less than a month 
ago, the STUDENT SUBSIDIZED 
(through MANDATORY administrative 
allocations) newspaper , NORTH STAR, 
printed a piece which recorded the theft 
of some antiwar monies from the Food 
Co-op in Solana Beach. They thought 
that only junkies could be so low as to 
steal from them. Th NORTH STAR 
article closed by advocating pilferage, " .. 
fr ,)m the rich ." The Food Co-op missed 
an obvious hole : to the thieves, the 
Feod Co-op was "rich" with severa l 
hundred dollars lying around in jarsl 

An even more important point might 
be to observe (the undoubtedly) "op-
pressed" NORTH STAR edito rs who dip 
(ralher substantially) into public funds in 
order to advocate stealing from people 
richer than thyself. 

The NORTH STAR people are the last 
conti nge nl of the latest bygone era. 
They scream about oppression and all 
this shit, but they fail to say who is nol 
oppressed : the blacks are oppressed, 
the Mexican-Americans are oppressed, 
the poor are oppressed, the women are 
o ppressed, the Jews and Mormons are 
oppressed, the middle class are op-
pressed through oppressive taxation, 
and the rich are oppressed for op-
press ing everyone I Before I return to 
the student aid issue I canol resist a 
question address d to professors, "Who 
is not underpaid these days?" 

If you people hav followed me this 
patiently, there are only a few closing 
observations on our multiple aid 
programs for our own "poor" people. I 
speak NOT in terms of a w II known 
bastard, who rec nlly brought forth a · 
higher ducation financing scheme 
de ign d to split Ih int II tual vot 
against him in 1974, but in terms of a 

human being. I have been around this 
school for several years now. Mostly by 
accident, I know of only five or six 
people on UC financial aids of one type 
or another. 

One bit pot of gold is the federal 
monies (guaranteed loans). The student 
default rate is three times the normal 
defau It rate (3 per cent vs. 1 per cent ... 
We're talking about several hundred 
millions in loans). A personal friend 
recently graduated. He was tired and 
all. .. so he wen~ off to Europe to bum for 
awhile on a $750 budget. He had a good 
conscience. He only left a few thousand 
dollars in loans behind sitting with a 
local bank, who had staked him to a 
University education. 

The next fellow that comes to mind is 
a high-flying "poor" boy. This guy was 
fast. He got some student aid money and 
bought himself a beaut of a motorcycle. 
Then he slole from local merchants so 
he could eat. 

The next fellow that comes to mind is 
a really, really nice guy (not only 
because he ca n probably identify me ... ). 
He gets about a thousand dollars a year 
in student aid . He needs the money 
really bad, ... to equip himself and 
finance tfips to Snowmans and 
Breckenridge (for fellow unsophisticates 
I believe those are posh Colorado skiing 
resorts in Aspen) or on local jaunts with 
Be rt Kobayashi. He is a nice guy, but that 
doesn't prevent him from stealing from 
local merchants either and bragging 
about it) . 

The next fellow is another nice guy. 
He has a tough time financing his trip to 
UCSD for four years. He has been lu cky 
enough to get his paws on some "Iow 
income" student aid money. By goshl It ' 
was just enough to finance an 
automobile. 

I don 't know many people here at 
UCSD. But the above anecdotes (altered 
somewhat to hopefully protect my life 
and limbs, by preventing effective 
retaliation), are representative of what I 
do know. 

Why am I mad? Probably because I 
can't get Ihat free or cheap money 
because my parents have worked eighty 
hours weekly for the last twenty-plus 
years, earning over $15,000 annually. My 
parents love to spend money (like all 
"poor people), so they have not ac-
cumulated much . My parents live on 
"earned" income. I think thai it is a 
rotlen idea that they, and others like 
them, should be required to finance 
anarchists, thieves, bums, and 
professional research. Do you want to 
know something ? they think it is a 
rotten idea, too. How else cou ld Ronald 
Reagan b el cted to presid over a 
S9,OOO,OOO.OO+ budget? 

As a last closing thought, whal would a 
Univ rsity look like without some p 0-
pie protesting against everything under 
th sun? 

ARe 
" 1 shall do it, and do it I <n"I1_'~ 

others are unwilling to act to 
from doing it. I am the 
actor.", thought the figure, u 
ting his position around in his 

Below him on the ground lay 
try, but as he passed over it h 
conscious of it. Only the vacant 
held his interest. 

"What I want I shall have tnrt>v .... 

In the slum, no one looked 
vacuum of space that is above 
already knew. Looking up was 
these people and held no 
looking into the sky than looki 
the mud tracks below their 
ironically, they stared vaca 
ahead, into nowhere and 
nominiously resigned to fate. 

" Did you go for the job th 
aboutl", asked the wife . 

"Nah, I wouldn't get it a 
" But we have no money. 

food." 
"I can't do anything about it." 
"You could try." 
" I don't know how. They wnn 'lIw 
"Thank God for welfare .", <no".,·. 

not much - but then at ' 
occasionally. It 's better than 

The husband sat down in 
chair, his eyes focusing directl y 
grimy gray wall. The wall held 
imagination within its grasp, 
had nothing to say. 

Still unconscious of the 
the sky rider pulled the map 

n For Action 
pocket in front of him. Curiously, he Iraced 
the path of the airplane's route over the 
map. Then his hand began to move com-
pulsively over Ihe entire map with no 
apparent purpose or design . In facl, it 
seemed that it mattered not whether the 
hand moved with purpose or design, but 
only that it held the map and what it 
contained within its grasp. "Do it I shall", 
he thought. 

At the University, the past is always 
explored, the future always attempted and 
the present always denied . 

" What is the implk;Jtion of Napoleon's 
code to modern America?" 

"Can America become totalitarian? Does 
it have the tendencies to become such? Yes 
it does, but not now, that is a problem for 
the future. We really can't make the claim 
though, until it is proven. And it can only 
be proven by happening." 

"But shouldn't we try to prevent such 
things from occuring7" 

"If we did, then we couldn't prove their 
reality. So we shouldn't try to alter, as it 
were, the course of events. We should only 
watch and analyze the situation as it 
develops." 

"What good is that?" 
"It is our way." 

The husband gazed at the silent wall 
across the room from him. 

The University gyrated its hindsight and 
skepticism. 

And unaware to all on the ground, the 
airplane moved across the map which the 
hand now grasped tightly. "1 will take this 
with me," he thought. 

II/J 
nAil) ~ eLlEAtr) TUE 
OFFtaOFS~~ 
Co.<Vn:/VOS we IIA liE 

"Pfl£C£~ OAJ 1L.L. 
IttATT'E.eS 0 F bear 

COL.~crloNl 'I'O\J~ 
HONOte..(" 

Counterpoint 
Louis W. Shinen 

I, for one, have grown tired of this controversy between 
the theory of creation vs. the scientific method . I also object 
to the constant inference that the theory of creation was 
thought up by primitive ignoranl people who hungered for 
the security any explanation might give them. A.J . Hoff 
mentions in "The Scientific Method and the Theory of 
Creation" (RTriton Times) that "a good theory should be 
based on facts". He also indicates that the earliesl theories of 
crealion sprung from man's observations of nature . I don't 
agree with him on this point and would like to present a 
different point of view and one which I believe is shared by 
most people who do not totally shut their minds to the 
possibility that there might be some intelligence in this 
universe superior to man. 

No. 1 - The men who describe the creation are men who 
claim that the creator Himself conversed with them and gave 
them the theory. They did not hypothesize it from the ir own 
observation . 

No. 2 - The creation was described, not to give others the 
mechanical details of the creation, but to convince them that 
there was a creator. Therefore it is unfair to criticize the lack 
of detail one might desire. However the sequence of the 
creation does follow the sequence of evolution. 

No. 3 - If one desires to test the method one man used to 
obtain information he bases his theory on, you must 
duplicale his method yourself aned meet all criteria that gave 
him his results. If he communed with the creator by fulfilling 
certain prerequisites set by the creator, you are obligated to 
fulfill them also to gain the same conviction. I am sure thai if 
love was a very rare event on this earth that you would have a 
difficult time proving it existed using a spectrometer. 
However if you ever experienced it yourself you would find 
little reason to atter:npt an experimental proof. 

No. 4 - Science has not yet established how life began or 
what constitutes life. If it began spontaneously, why can't 
science synthesize a living cell? I can't think of any spon-
taneous event which could not be contrived, especially 
when moany of the component parts are already on hand. I 
mean they wouldn't have to wait for a DNA or RNA molecule 
to spontaneously assemble itself in a soup of prewrsers, or 
for a protein to similarly align itself in just the right amino 
and sequence and also have several hundred others also, at 
the same time, form themselves so that the proper enzymes 
are available to make use of the DNA. They can bypass the 
tremendous statistical odds piled against these events and 
just introduce the components. Yet we all know that life is 
much to complex to expect to make a cell this way. What 
then is so unscientific in believing that perhaps an inlligence 
was needed to intervene and decrease the entropy so to 
speak and or~anize that first cell? • 

No. 5 - I don't believe that the theory of creation must 
necessarily be presented in school. But I also believe that it is 
dogmatic and entirely unscientific to teach that science 
disproves the existence of a creator and that the new field of 
molecular biology just about has the whole question of life, 
what is it and where did it come from sewed up. Especially 
when teaching those who are not science oriented and 
perhaps prone to believe oversimplified explanations of 
anything which pp.rtains to biology (its less work and more 
secure to have pat explanations). I think it is more honest to 
say, "we have these facls to date, but as yet we do not know 
how it came about. Here are some alternative hypotheses." 
One of which should be the possibility of a superior being. I 
have had models presented to me at this school based on 
much less evidence. 

L~TTERS Ttl THE EIHnlit 
Take Action 
On Gym 
Difficulties 
To the Gym-Runners - The 
P.E. Dept.: 

1. The pool has become a 
dangerous place to swim: it is 
a rare occurence when you 
can, to get out without at least 
one black eye or a Ihrobbing 
head (it's too crowded) . 

2. The sauna has become an 
unpleasant sweatbox in which 
there is often "standing room 
only". 

3. We, Ihe people who are 
subjected to these intolerable 
conditions have noticed that a 
new building is being con-
structed, said to belong to the 
P.E. Dept. 

4. Since it is undoubtedly 
too late to ask thai a new pool 
be put in, we hereby request 
that you open the pool for 
incr d ed use - say, from 11 to 
3. 

We also request that you do 
put another sauna in that 
building. 

The mental and physical 
well-being of many staff and 

invo lved . We hope 
ke act ion, but fear 

not and will notl 
Physical Ac-

n Olson's article 
" _..,u,,,i'/P It's really too 

wasn't one of the 
f"'lth.~usilnd Americans 

of the umpleen 
of Vietnamese who 

a B-52 bomb. 
a time to sland on 

and a time to run in 
fools stand on your 
time to run in life . 
stand when they 

(and only fools run 
shou Id stand) . 

is a polemic 
Many people 

by the concept 
ing up wilh the 

If one doesn't catch 
the Joneses, it's 

he (or she) was op-
exploited... by the 

people. Eating a hamburger is 
okay for the laggard until the 
laggard sees a runner eating 
steak. Then, the laggard 
becomes exploited because 
he (or she) doesn't have steak. 

I wonder if Kevin Olson is 
enslaved to the idea that he 
has to kill oth r people (sub-
jugate them) on the other side 
of the world, in order to main-
tain his "freedom". 

What would the world be 
like if we cou ld ca ll a war (in a 
remote place like Outer 
Mongolia) for all the Com-
munist Chinese Kevin 
Olson's, U.S . S.R. Kevin 
Olson's and the American 
Kevin Olson 's. Then they 
could kill each other off in a 
valiant attempt to save their 
countrymen for the dirty 
aggressors on the other side 
of the world. Then we could 
all be really free. 

If Kevin Olson thinks that 
he lives in a "fre " ountry I 
would suggest that he extend 
his empirical observations to 
the North County Municipal 
Judicial area . I had better not 
say much more or else Judge -

might summons me back 

again to rem ind me about my 
"freedoms" in America 

Steven Griffin 

Support the 
Kevin Olson 
Travel Fund 
Editor: 

I have been reading Kevin 
Olson's article for quite a 
while now and am 
depressed by them . But 
there is one question that 
keeps nagging at me. If half 
the things Kevin asserts are 
true, if freedom is going 10 
hell in a whicker basket, 
whal is Kevin doing here? 
He should be in Cuba, or 
Viet Nam or Chile where the 
battles are raging. 

The lone of his article con-
firm the sincerity of his 
beliefs, so there must be a 
reason why Kevin is writing 
and not shooting. If th 
problem is money, I propose 
to tart a ollection for his 
tick t to Southeast Asi a I am 
ur Pr id nt Thieu would 

appreciate such noble a 

comrade in the fight for 
truth, justice and the 
American Way. 

Charles Steffen 

Support 
Professor 
Linckl 
Editor: We are writing thi s 
letter to express our concern 
over the fa t that Professor 
Linck is not being given 
tenu re by the UCSD Ad -
ministration . Professor Linck is 
undoubtedly one of the finesl 
professors we hav had here 
at UCSD. To let the Ad -
ministration g t rid of 
Professor Linck would be a 
5 rious mi tak on Ih part of 
the Admini tration . All 
students should nd letters as 
soon as possible to the R velie 
Ch mislry 0 pt. Chairman's 
Office. We must tak a tion 
qui kly or we will 10 a really 
great tea h rl 

Sincerely, 
Mike Rowbotham 

Barbie MacDonald 

i£/lIIl11lll1lll11lll11llll1l1l11lmllllHlllllllllllmlllllllllllllllllllnll l llllllllllllllll1I1~ 
. = 

HUGHES 
AIRCRAFT 

1====_ Electron DY~~;ics Division 1==== 
Industrial Products Division 

§ will be on campus Tuesday, February 6, to § 
~ interview candidates for Bachelor 's and § 
~ Maste r's Degrees in applied and pure physics § 

~ for positions in product-oriented research and § 
~ development. (U.S. Citizenship required ) § 
~ Come to Career-Education Planning Services, § 
~ 6th Floor, Bldg. 2D, Muir College, to sign up for § I an interview. I 
:;-111111111111111111111111111111 III 1111 1111111111111111111111111111111111 11111111111111111111111111111 r;: 

LEVIS MALE A·' UNIQUE IMPULSE 
= 

~ 0 0 0 0 ·0 0 0 ~ i qOQYoKP\{E B ~I 
c=c 

KEIIIIIIINGTON RRATEN 

STRATFORD SQUARE 

1448 ~ 'Del mM 
~~ ~~l)Jl. e~. 92014 
155-3557 

-

lOVE ' N· STUFF 

171 tim •• 8 dey. Smile away to Los Angles. San FranciSCO, 
uakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burban . Ontano, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and as 
bout our easy·lo·bear, low fare. PSA "IYR pu • 11ft. 

Pag'e 5 Tuesday, February 6, 1973 Triton Times 



~~;~ 
TIlE lEI: 

700& 10:t)~hIJy'1871 
OIre<led bY r.., _ P .... 'nl 
A robust . ., . verSIOn of 

Bocc8ccIO'S collecl 01 et'ohc tales 
LUlllIIOUII'IIOCIIIIEII 

855 pm I USA.1972I By S\lYen Arnold 
A ,"",.1 •• xporlr_ "Im "CeIl'11ng 

rhIl'Ulllrion of T*O young men Into 
Ihe secular and magiltlC mys,el'lt$ 
01. bordellO '. leaturing PO"""'" 

end !hi Cocl<eltH. 
MOIST IIIIWI 

A morst ~usuel " soh-cOfe" cartoon 
and Wlnnet' 01 the second 

prIZe It 
the Amslel'dam ErOlIC Film Festlyal 

8tg,nn .. ThursdlY 
INGAR BERMAN'S 

PEIISOIIA 
Ind JUN ReNOIR'S 

IIULES OF THE &AIlE 
, 

~56La.JoUa&d:459-43~ . 
ROZAN'S 

BYTHfSEA 
OFFERS 

50¢ 
Dinners 

every nite 
488-1ei 2 

4343 O cean Blvd 
at the foot of Gran~ 
Pacific Beach 

LCN-t ~ t-tJ~ 
ic~JlIl,tJMI 

'tc"c, 
Ullwantrd pr'l!,lIan(y 

(an u ral the lIIag" from 
mommtl Ilkt thm and 

rob )Ollr tomorrOWl of lot·t . 
0_ C' 

(\ I~~I'~ .. ., .... tll.~¥I"j 3·~ 
Emko Fo.m offers you the co ntro· 
<cpri ve prou:crio n and pc-ace of 
mind you want .nd nccd (or your 
todays and tomorrows. 

De,e1oped with your needs in 
mind. N o hormon .. that might 
disturb your bo-:ly system or .((ect 
your 1;0n ... 1 ,,<11th .nd ..,ell-
being. Feminin : . painty. Gentle. 
Natural. (Nli.hr o( you will be 
...... ., of irs pre.;eoce.) 
Use only wh on pro.ection is 
needed . Applied in seconds; .,ffec. 
live: immediate'y. ~cked by o,e' 
len years o( ( ·.ink.1 .es.ing and 
use by millions of women. 

AT D "\)~STO.IS. 
WITHOUT PRl!SC'1I.I~ON. 

EMKO . . . FI,.ST IN FOAM 
.. . TlKOIWAYS 

REGULAR, 

",I'h ,'" 
IIpplkll' .. 
I""';, .... 
fill'" 
"' ,i",t la._l 
.f 111 • • 

Spring Training 
2 Months Early 

Friends, do you have trouble sleeping at night? Do 
you find that your food doesn't seem to have any 
flavor, and that you're always bored, tired, and listless? 
Well, my firends, chances are that what's ailing you is a 
classic case of winter quarter softballitis; unless, of 
course, you're among the handful of true fana tics who 
had the good sense to get out for winter-league 
softball. Yes, while such stars as Hank Aaron, Willie 
McCovey, Carl Yazstremski and Enzo Hernandez are 
playing in Puerto Rico getting ready for training camps 
in Arizona and Florida , our own brand of stars are 
running around like a bunch of loonies in beautiful La 
Jolla. 

All you have to do is venture out to the UCSD softball 
field on a Monday or Tuesday afternoon and you're 
likely to see such American idols as Pretty-Boy Willie 
Young or Sexy-Legs Shamble or perennial powerhouse 
De Anza . Or, if you're really lucky, you might catch a 
glimpse of Cute 'n Cuddly Pat Stacy or Sweetie-Pie 
Fuqua. Of course, if xou venture anywhere near the 
field you will assuredly have the dubious honor of 
seeing Number Eleve-Nenzo himself, lim Sheffield. Or 
just imagine the thrill of writing home and telling the 
folks that you stood on the very same field with the 
immortal Blind-As-a-Bat Brent Thornel Weekend Split 

Ah, yes, the softball season is just around the corner, 
sure to be bigger and better than ever this year, and a 
lot of the old seasoned veterans are going to be good 
and ready by the time they're done bashing the ball 
around in one-pitch games. 

Tritons Topple CLC: 
But what about Pee-Wee basketball, you ask? Well, it 

looks like last year's little-guys' champs, Lesser Omen-
tum is on its way back to the playoffs and will be 
favored to repeat . Led by the magnificent Marty Banks 
and fellow hotshot Hatten, they won a thriller from the 
always dangerous Quinto Boto. The latter, led by 
Chiang, Abirgas, and Brittain, kept themselves in con-
tention for a playoff spot by squeaking by the powrful 
New Orc Knicks. 

Drubbed By Bakersfield 

Over in the Blond Veloute league, the Gunners, with 
balanced scoring, have gone to the top ohhe league. 
The Ball Hummers are hanging tough though, and are 
getting great scoring out of Radich , Archibald, and 
Barr. Oh, mention must be made of 'the Lagoons, 
whose name would be much more fitting if you 
dropped the "La." Can you imagine a team with a guy 
scoring 33 points per game with and 0-3 record? Of 
course, maybe if Dave was playing for a big guy's team 
like he should be, the Goons might never score. 

The Creme Brulee league appears to be wide open 
still with the Lakers and Off Often leading the pack . 
This writer's pick for the Pee-Wee championship would 
have to be Lesser Omentum repeating unless Quinto 
Boto can sneak in and knowck them off. 

'.I", I '11 I III It '111. I ••• Itltltlt I . ltllll'" lit I . I Itlllllllllt II It II ••• • It " It It It III. It II. I •• 1 •••••• I 

High Tide l.owTide 
Sunrise - 6:52 Sunset - 5:37 

Date, Day a.m. ht. p.m. ht. a.m. ht. . p.m. hI. 
Feb. 7, Wed., 11 :23 4.5 5:33 1.0 5:32 0.7 
Feb. 8, Thurs., 12:03 5.3 12:23 3.7 6:36 1.0 6:01 1.2 
Feb. 9, Fri., 12:50 5.4 1:48 3.0 7:57 1.0 6:42 1.8 

Sunrise - 6:48 Sunset - 5:41 
Date, Day a.m. ht. p.m. hI. a.m. ht. p.m. ht. 
Feb. 10, Sat., 1 :52 5.4 4:19 2.8 9:48 0.7 7:58 2.4 
Feb. 11, Sun ., 3:15 5.5 6:03 3.2 11 :18 0.1 9:51 2.6 
Feb. 12, Mon., 4:36 5.9 7:04 3.7 12:19 0.6 
Feb. 13, Tues., 5:46 6.3 7:39 4.2 12:02 2.3 1:06 1.1 

11111111111111111111111111111111111111 1 1111111111111111111111111111111111111 1 11 11~ 

The Triton Basketball 
squad did a lot of traveling 
over the weekend, 
journeying up to 
Bakersfield Friday and then 
over to Thousand Oaks 
(that's just above LA for the 
out of towners) to face Cal 
Lutheran Saturday night. 
The results : a heavy loss to 
Cal State Bakersfield and 
then a face-saving victory 
against Cal Lutheran. 

To start with the high 
note, the Saturday night 
ga me proved to be a heart-
throbber to the last 
seconds, with the final 
UCSD 74-Cal Lutheran 69. 
With approximately 15 
seconds remaining, the 
Tritons held a bare 1 point 
lead when veteran guard 
Jon LeLevier stepped up to · 
the line with a crucial 1 and 
1 free throw opportunity. 
lon, playing for the first 
time after recovering from 
a bad news flu bug, calmly 
sa nk both to put the game 
on ice. Dave Moragne con-
nected on two free throws 

. with no time remaining to 
give the good guys a five 
point margin . 

As is the normal case, 
Tall Paul Trainer led the 
Tritons in scoring with 23 
points, followed by Dave 
Moragne with 10, the only 
other San Diegan to reach 
double figures. High for 
the game was Steve Jasper 
of Cal Lutheran, who shot 
for 24, mostly from long, 
long range. The more im-
pressive statistics for the 
game, however are found 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across ' rom Sports Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED .PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sal. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 
latest .Jashlons 
In wire frames 

in the rebounding column. 
Here again, Tall Paul led 
the gang with 15, while 
Pete Henderson gathered 
in 13. Dave Moragne snuck 
in for 12 rebounds - no," 
bad for a 5'11" guard. 

Earlier that same 
evening, the unhearalded 
(largely due to our over-
sight) junior varsity blew 
past Cal Lutheran's JV; 
more on that in the future. 

The Bakersfield trip 
might best be forgotten, as 
the game was just a little 
short of being a disaster. 
The team absorbed their 
worst defeat of the year at 
the hands of a very 
talented Bakersfield five · 
(or six as it turned out), 98-
57. Since this Sports Page 
has never even pretended 
to be objective when it 
comes to UCSD i nter-
collegiate athletics, we'll 
continue our partisan ways 
by listing some valid ex-
cuses. First, Cal State 
Bakersfield just happens to 
be an excellent team; they 
are rated 18th in the nation 
in the NCAA College Divi-
sion and had easily 
handled UCSD (who 
defeated the Tritons by 20), 
beating the Torreros by 15. 

Second, UCSD played 
without the services of 
their two best ball 
handlers, Jon LeLevier and 
Bob Spriggs, and was con-
stantly hurt by a pressing 

defense. Jon, as mentioned 
before, was still affected by 
the flu, while Bob Spriggs 
has been lost for the season 
due to academic pressure. 
Don ' t jump to conclusions 
that Bob is flunking out; he 
just wants to make it to 
med school, to which, as 
anyone will agree, baske t-
ball is a poor second . Also, 
the Tritons were a litt le 
cramped from the five 
hour ca r trip just a couple 
of hours before the 
opening tip-off. 

From the floor, two 
statistics tell the story -
Bakersfield took some 98 
shots to the Tritons 51, and 
the home team shot a 
torrid 62% while a cold San 
Diego could manage 35%. 
There was one bright light 
for the Tritons as reserve 
Steve Higgins came on 
strong to score 19 points, 
his high for the season. 
Glidin' Gie Simpson 
followed Higgins in the 
scoring column with 12 
points. 

The weekend split leaves 
the Tritons, record at 10 
wins and 9 losses . . This 
Friday the team goes on 
the road again, playing 
crosstown rival US IU and 
traveling up to Pasadena 
the next day to play, 
logically enough, Pasadena 
College. The Tritons hope 
for a couple of wins to 
maintain their 500-plus 
record . 

"Early Rider" 
A Snow Celebration 
This Thursday, February 8, the UCSD Ski Club proud-

ly presents "Earth Rider," a film featuring the daredevil 
explo'ts of "Snake Lake" Stokes and his incredible 
amazing and near suicidal ski jump off EI Cap itan 
mountain in Yosemite. Also featured is the fa ntastic 
odyssey of two "endless winter" ski experts. 

The film starts at 8 :30 p .m.(one show ing only) in the 
Revelle cafeteria. Tickets will be sold to studen ts (with 
proper ID and all o ther suitable trash) for $1 .SO. All 
others wi ll be charged 52.00 for the p rivilege of seeing 
this extraordina ry film. 

Page 6 Triton Ti mes Tuesday, Fe bruary 6, 1973 
: 

Special Admissions ... 
continued from pille 1 

Scholarship Reviews and the individual college that the 
student is app lying to. These elements make 
recommendations to Vice Chancellor George Murphy, 
who makes final determination of a student's eligibility 
for admission. 

Political sentiment runs high concerning Special 
Action admissions. The State Department of Finance is 
constantly auditing the University's financial expen-
ditures . In the State Legislature there is the feeling 
among certain members that Special Action students 
are of a lower quality and do not achieve as well as 
those students who are regularly admitted. 

While there is no hard data concerning UCSD, both 
Phil James, and Registrar and Admissions Officer 
Harold Tenner believe that the Special Action students 
at UCSD achieve just as well as the remainder of the 
student body.There is no reason to believe that 
students who need special programs to bring out their 
potential do not succeed with the proportion as do 
those students admitted under regular programs. 

COMMUN'ITY 
BLOOD BAN K 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

rue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat . 9:3085:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

SUMMER JOBS 
Guys & Gals needed for summer 
employment at National Parks, 
Privale Camps, Dude Ranches 
and Resorts throughout the na -
tion. Over 35.000 students aided 
last year. For Free information on 
student assistance program send 
self-addressed STAMPED enve-
lope to Opportun,ty Research. 
Dept. SJO. 55 Flathead Drive. 
Kalispell. MT 59901 . 
.... YOU MUST APPLY EARLy ... .. 

triton 
times 

Edhor-ln-Chlef ..•.• Comy Sharick 
city fdhor .•....•• Carrie Rlckoy 
MaNlinl Editor . OJvid Buchbinder 
Copy fdhor •. Debbie Montgomery 
lusinetl Min_Ie, . Mlch.1el Greene 
Edllorlal Di.Klor ••• • . Mark Slesel 
Arts fdho. • ••. ••• Tom lindbe.s 
Sports Edllor •••. .• Michael ~ .. h 
PholOI.lphy EdHor •••• loe hltern 
Secretary ...•• . .• Corinne C.cas 
A .. ktanl City fdhor • • Kathy Kuenzi 
A .. ocfole City Edhon Richard Drom 

Mich •• 1 5e<m. 
Aut. lutfn", Msr •• • Mlch •• 1 Wyer 
AuL Edllorlll Di.. • aarbara Randall 
Ass •• Spo.II Edllor ••••• Mark U,ka 

The TRITON TIMES I, offlclilly 
recosnlud .. I studen. ne_ 
by th. Communlcotlon 'Ioord of the 
Unfvenlty of CoIHornfo, San D!qo, 
IuUdin, 251, ~"heWJ umptlJ, La 
...... , CalHornfo ml7. rubfka.1on 10 
t.lce wl!e ldr on Tuesd.,s . nd 
fridayt. Oflk" are Iocl.ed In Room 
117, l&ae Hall, Revelte C~mpul. For 
odv . .. Wnl phone 453-1722, D' 45l-
_, X 1.17; for edhorl.t or news 
pho ne X 1016. 

Inter nsh i pS Radio Times continued from p ilgel 
_I b 1 "It'~ a Nice Place" is produced by the Canadian 

Study In 
Guadalajara, Mexico 

A V a I a e Broadc~st Corporation as a method of presenting 
urban Issues . 

Fully accrMlted, 20-,.ar UNIVEIt-
SITY OF AltlZ0NA Guadalajara 
Summer School offers July 2·Aupst 
11, anthrO\lOlocy, art r education , 
folkl_, It0araplly, hlstorYr JOv-
,m_t, lanau'a' _d lItirature. 
Tuition $lUi board Hd room $2U. 
Write: International PrDlraml, Uni-
versity of Arizona, Tucson 85721. 

Upperclass and graduate 
students are being invited 
to apply for 200 intern pro-
jects available next summer 
through the Western 
Interstate Commission for 
Higher Education . The 
projects have been 
developed by WICHE 's 
Resou rces Development 
Internship Program in 
cooperation with com-
munity and state 
organizations throughout 
the 13 western states. 

Over the past several 
summers, WICHE interns 
have made many con-
tributions to the West by ' 
help ing communities 
create new industries, bat-
tle pollution , restore 
historical buildings and 
much more. 

This summer, starting 
after spring semester, 
students will be able to 
work as interns on projects 
in health, environmental 
protection,. development, 
the humanities, public ad-
ministration. science and 

Interns receive 
educational grants of $75 to 
$95 per week for twelve 
weeks, and they may be 
able to arrange academic 
credit for the internship 
through their coooege. 
Interested Juniors, Seniors 
and graduate students are 
urged to pick up an 
application, available in the 
offices of many Deans or 
from the student place-
ment center. For further 
information , write Bob 
Hullinghorst , Director, 
Resources Development 
Internship Program, P.O .. 
Drawer li p", Boulder, 
Colorado, 80302. 

3 p.m. 
10 p.m. ' Classical Music 

World Music-origins, folk-native composi tions 
WednesdilY Februilry 7 
12 and 8 p .m . " It's a Nice Place ..... (Part 5) 
6p.m. 

News 
Thursday February 8 
12 and 8 p .m. " It's a Nic~ Place ... .. (Part 6) 
Friday February 9 
2p.m. 

"Me Jane, You Tarzan" - Pacifica Program Service 
Discussion of traditional roles of men and women -

the predom ina ntl y male-oriented field of 
anthropology vs. the new trends in women-oriented 
anthropology. Produced by KPFA-Pacifica Rad io-
Berkeley 
6p.m. 

John Dow Show - weekly film review by our 
resident film critic. 
6:30p.m. 

News 
Silturday February 10 
6p.m. 

" Roots of American Music" - bluegrass, folk, blues 
8 p.m. 

" Women of Vietnam" - produced by the Asia 
Information Group. This program centers around the 
fole of the Vietnamese women in the struggle for 
liberation ... 
Sunday February 11 
5:30p.m. 

" Kathleen Cleaver on the Black Panther Party Pol itics 
and the Feminist Movement" (Pacifica Program) 
Monday February 12 
11 a.m. and 9 p.m. 
1969 Vincent Massey Lectures (CBC) R.D. Laing (Part 1) 
6p.m. 

News 
Tuesday February 13 
12 and 10 p .m. 

" It 's a Nice Place .. . (Part 7) 
3p.m. 

Classical Music 
3:30 p.m. 

"Old Friends" - program produced by Jim Cameron 
of WLVR-

Le high University; 1971 Armstrong Award 
10 p.m. World Music RADIO FREE 

LA IOLLA-KSDT 
453-1221 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to· 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs ... 
we'll help you pay not 
over pay with the best 
financing and te tms 
ava ilable. 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286-4210 

fOTOMAT UMIVIRSITY CITY ~-T--
CAMIRA S10RI ! ......... ,..:=---.-

4083 Governor Drive at Genesee ~t ~ ... ~r~ 
telephone 453-5753 

VI.1t with _ frl • ..., _ ..... n Jhn Senetel. lei Ieoth. Jim " .... , 

Page 7 Tuesd ay, February 6, 1973 Triton Times 



............................ -announcements ................ ~ 
tuesday 

For all U 0 women; if you 
can't ,..,ake the women's 
discussion group meeting 
on Tue-;" maybe you can 
come tf) the one meeting 
today, ~eb. 6 from 4 to 6 
p.m. in room 6086, H&SS. 
(216) 

University-wide chicano 
meeting tonight, Tues. at 7 
p.m. in the International 
Center. (216) 

The Christian Science 
Organization will hold its 
regular weekly meeting in 
the Informal Lounge Feb. 6 
at 7 p .m. All interested 
students and faculty 
members are cordially in-
vited to attend . (2/6) 

The TABLE TENNIS ClUB 
will meet regularly on 
Tuesday & Thursday from 
7:30 to 10 p.m. Meet in the 
foyer of the gym to play on 
the NEW TABLES! We will 
meet tonight (2/ 6) New 
members invited . (216) 
Visiting Prof. Jean 
Dieudonne wil( be the 
guest speaker at the next 
meeting of the UCSD Math 
Club on Tues. Feb. 6 at 8 
P.M. in 2A 5880. All are 
welcome. (2/6) 
Tennis Club Meting Tues. 
Feb. 6 at 5 p.m. in the P.E. 
Classroom . Mike 
Cruikshank X2571 . (216) 
Wed. Feb. 7, Finally Got the 

ews made by Black Star 
Productions, this is a full 
length documentary on the 

travel 
EU ROPE, ISRAEL & JAPAN . 
Low cost stud . flights all 
year. Ski & camping tours . 
AIST 1436 S. La Cienga BI. , 
l.A. Cal. 90035 (213) 652-
2727. (10:7) 

services 
Typing and Editing on IBM 
Selectric II. From 75cr per 
page. Finest quality. 453-
5346. (2/6) 

Income tax service . 
Discount for students, staff 
or f acu Ity. 7558228 after 2. 
(4/ 13) 

TYPIST : Exp . PhD . 
M/ Thesis, Term Papers, 
Mi sc. 50cr pg . Call Bee 
Lynch, 753-7356. (2/16) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
o more club fees ! 50 

Departure s, also YC , 
Japan & Australia . Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959 : ISTC, 
323 . Bev rly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca . 90210, (213) 275-
8180. (5/29) 

FLUTE LESSONS : Jazz and 
classical. $4 for 45 minutes. 
Call David 436-0907. (219) 

Exper" Ty ping - 5 yrs . ex-
periel ,ct on all types of 
pape1 s. Fast service. Ex -
cellEn t grammar and 
spe llhg. 50cr/pg . Claire -
mont area. IBM I ctri . 
Call 565-7060. (219) 

housing 
For Ron' : 1 Bdrm Furn . Lge . 
Apt. dn Prosp ct near 
o eall . Sub-I ase March -
Jun $1{l5/mo. 454-4754 
PM. 2/6) 

M/F rmt . need d . Own 
room for $70 in I. uti I. S 
G O . in 3009HL or aft r 5, 
4882910. (2/6) 

r/Rmte. $75/mo. No util. 1 
Bdrm., pool , 5 mi . to UCSD. 
565-6655 M-Th . 6 pm. (216) 

organization of black 
workers in the auto plants 
of ~ troit . The film focuses 
on the original activities of 
the League of 
Revolutionary Black 
Work e rs and their fight 
against raci s m and 
dangerous working con-
d ;tions. 201 M.e. 7:00. (216) 

wednesday 
TCF will meet in Revelle 
Formal Lounge at 7:30 p .m. 
Discussion on Hosea. All 
Christians welcomed . (216) 
Last quarter's Course and 
Professor Evaluations 
(CAPE) covered nearly half 
of the total UCSD un -
dergraduate courses and 
this quarter we hope to do 
the same, perhaps increase 
our coverage . The fir st 
CAPE organizational 
meeting (to get together 
the " us") for this quarter 
will be held Wednesday, 
February 7 at 12 noon. The 
meeting will be at the 
Center in the south lower 
Muir Commons. Informa-
tion on last quarter 's 
evaluations will be ex -
cha nged and some ideas 
for this quarter will be dis-
cussed. If you ca n 't make it 
call at X2516 or drop by the 
Center between 10 and 2 
any day. (WUP) (2/6) 

Are you interes ted in 
helping other people 
accept their sexuali ty? 
Counseling and 
Psychological Se rvices is 
beginning a spe aker s 
bureau to deal only with 

Roommate need d for 50 
yr. stone house Encinitas. 
$105 incl. all utilities & 
phone . 753-5210. (2/6) 

Rare Oppt. Female 
$40/ mo., own room, Red 
Rest, La Jolla ove, 454-
5028. (2/6) 

M or F roommate needed : 
2 BR Duplex, 3 blocks from 
beach . Call Bob or Craig, 
459-8347. (2/6) 

Wanted : Room in Del Mar 
house, Have dog too . Call 
AI, 453-0354 eve. only. (216) 

eed 1-2 fem . students to 
share 2 BR. bchfrnt. apt. Del 
Mar Spring qtr . Call 755-
4368 after 7 M-F. (216) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for 
Spring qt. Del Mar/own 
rm./prefer male $87/mo. 
Call 755-6532 after 5 p.m. 
(219) 

Room ne ded beginning 
March 1 : $60/mo ., or 
$80/mo. utilities incl ., or 
$1oo/mo. meals incl. Call 
453-2642. (2/9) 

Female roommate needed 
now! Share La Jolla Village 
Apt. $87/mo. Call. 453-5440. 
(219) 

Roommate needed - own 
room, 3 BR house, Claire-
mont, $75, 277-2564. (2/13) 

2 girls need roommate to 
share a 3 bdrm., 1 bath 
Pacific Bach house (Crown 
t'oinl) Ie stJ r' , .. nting as of 
March 1, 1973. Pet OK. 272-

7504 (rent $95/mon th). 
(2123) 

lost and found 
Found : Pipe in Mu ir 
Parking Lot. Claim in Triton 
Times Office. (219) 

Lost : Ray Ban Sunglasses in 
as . Urgent ly ne d d as 

my y s hurt. ontact 755-
8967. (219) 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, February 6, 1973 

the issue of sexua lity. If you 
are interested in being 
trained to lead rap sessions 
for students on this issue, 
call Patty Rosen at exten-
sion 2715 on Wednesday, 
Feb. 7 or Feb. 14 between 1 
and 5. (219) 
Ski Club Meet ing Feb. 7, 
6 :30 in 2C 1110, Muir Cam-
pus . Ski movie will be 
shown. We will also be dis-

ussing the Feb. 10 ski trip 
to Mammoth Mt. , Feb. 16 
trip to Heavenly and the 
Marc h 23/ 24-28 trip to 
quaw Valley. (216) 

Polynesian Dancing 
Every Wed ., 7:30-8:30 p .m., 
North Balcony of gym. He 
Noa Lani Co., new student 
organization , invites all 
those interested to come. 
(EW) 
Poetry Reading by George 
Oppen. Wed., Feb. 7 at 4 
p .m . Formal lounge at 
Revelle . Sponsored by 
Campus Program Board 
and Literature. (2/6) 
A rep. from the Thunder-
bird Graduate School of 
International Management 
will be on campus Wed . 
Feb. 7, to talk with students 
interested in their 
program s of Int 'l 
Commerce, World Area 
Stud ies, and Languages . 
Contact Career Planning, 
6th floor , Bldg. 20, Muir, 
Ext. 2401 , to schedule your 
interview appointment. 
(2/6) 
Attention Sociology Ma-
jors : The Sociology De pt. is 
holding a meeting for all 
undergraduate sociology 

Lost black wallet, 15th St. 
Del Mar. If found please 
ca ll Paul Nelson, 755-6833. 
(2/9) 

Bicycle wheel found in 
Main Tennis Court Sun . 
night, 11 p.m. Inqu ire at 
Triton Times Office. (219) 

LOST: Dark brown heavy 
cowhide jacket. (Probably 
in the Muir grill) Gary 
Carroll , call 453-1989 or 
Math Dept. (219) 

Reward for Lost keys : A 
dog key chain and 
nailclipper on it. 279 - 2796, 
eves. (219) 

Lost : Blue wooden shoes in 
red Corvair. Thurs. 211/73 
hitching btwn . LJ & UCSD. 
Trish 755-6833. (2/9) 

Lost : Black, metal frame 
reading glasses in a soft 
black cas , probably n ar 
USB 2722. Kevin Clark, 1827 
Amalfi , LJ . (2/6) 

Lost : Black I ather billfold 
n ar Revell campus 
cafe te ria at noon Jan . 31 . 
Call 453-3973 after 7 p.m. 
Reward $10. (2/6) 

Lost : Dob rman mix . 9 
months old . Blu gray with 
brown markings. Female. 
Floppy ars. R ward . 272-
3196. Lost 1-12-73. (216) 

Lost : Small femal 
Sh ph rd Colli R d 
" Mil - high" Rabies Tag . 
Brn . w. wht. feet. 488-7042. 
(2/6) 

Fou nd : Pi tur N gatives 
by Physi s- hemistry 
building. Claim at Triton 
Tim s office. (2/6) 

Found nr. U SO: Small red 
dog, bla k-tip tail , br. ey s. 
Young, very, very fri e ndly. 
224-7423. (2/6) 

Lost : G rman Sh pard Mix 
short at shou Id r, Bla k 

ollar and FI a, 755-2044. 
(2/6) 

majors to disc uss the new 
requirements and other im-
portant matters. The 
meeting will be conducted 
by Dr . Aaron Cicourel, 
Chairman on Wed. Feb. 14 
at 4 p.m. in 2250 20. We 
urge all majors to be pre-
sent. (2/13) 

thursday 
Mr. Enrique Hank Lopez, 
Executive Director, 
National Chicano Media 
Council, will speak on "The 
Chicano and the Legal 
System". The lecture will be 
Feb. 8, 1973 at 8 p.m. in 
International Center M.e. 
- Basic Science Building. 
Admission is free. (216) 

general 
A list of Muir students who 
have announced gradua-
tion candidacy for winter 
quarter, 1973, has been 
posted at the Muir Provost 
Office. If you are planning 
to graduate winter quarter, 
please stop by the office as 
soon as possible to confirm 
your plans for completing 
your remaining degree re-
quirements. The deadline 
for filing (or winter is 
February 16, 1973. Anyone 
filing after that date will be 
required to pay a $3.00 late 
filing fee . (2/1 6) 

San Diego Islamic Society 
(SOlO presents its first lec-
ture in the Islam and 
Muslims series "The issue 
of the interest on capital or 
the interest rate and con-
temporary Islamic 
societies" by Mohamed A. 

Found : Blue, brown, white 
sca rf on Revelle by 2722 
claim in UCSD P.O. (216) 

wanted 
Biochemistry by lehninger. 
Chris 755-6542. (219) 
Need body and engine 
parts for a '61 -544 volvo. 
Ask for Brenda or Dan at 
287-0176. (2/9) 

Bass pla ye r wanted for 
en terp risi ng rock group . 
453-8409 or 453-9537 and 
leave message. (219) 

Graduate s\)Jdent wants 
room in an apt. Del Mar, La 
Jolla , or near the University. 
Will ing to pay up to about 
$90.lmo. Jose at 755-4713. 
(219) 
Need Female interviewees 
for research paper on 
homosexuality . Call 488-
8234. (219) 
NEED Student to 
tea h/tutor German-call 
Art Lawrence 299-3464, hrs . 
flexible . (2/9) 

Ride needed to Civil Ser-
vi e Exam in Sa n Diego Feb. 
10. Ian Roth 453-5470. (219) 

R cent copy of Handbook 
of hem. & Ph ysics . Randy 
453-8013. (2/6) 

R ward fo r info leading to 
re overy of Tri 650 Bonn 
tak n from U H lot 1/24. 
Marsha x1859. (216) 

MEN, WOMEN, Work on a 
ship next summ rI No ex-
p r ie nce r quired . Ex -
c lint pay . Worldwid 
travel. Perfec t summer job 
or career . Send $2.00 for 
information. SEAFAX Box 
2049- BE , Port Angeles, 
Washington 98362. (2120) 

Volunte rs n d d to tak 
a batt ry of t sts for a ross-

ultur p rso nality trait s 
s tudy . Pi e s onta t 
Mohamm d adiq at Ext. 
2715. (2/6) 

Khalil Ph.D., School of 
Business Administration, 
USIU. Time: 2:00 p .m. Sun-
day February 11, 1973. (A 
question answer session 
will follow the lecture) . 
Place : International Center, 
Matthews Campus, UCSD. 
(219) 
Volunteers Urgently 

Wanted. Help to dig up 
England's past. Students are 
urgently invited to help in 
archaeological excavations 
in England this summer. 
Deadline for applications is 
April 1 . 

American students free 
from mid-May, wit h pre-
vi 0 u s archaeological expo 
are invited to join an inter-
national team on a dig of 
the important Anglo-Saxon 
.site at Spong Hill where the 
1973 excavation hopes to 
find new evidence of the 
early pagan se"lements. Ex-
perienced helpers will 
receive free board for 
helping in this important 
work. Similar help is also 
required on work on a 
mediaeval manor near 
Chester. Other students 
without experience are in-
vited to join the British 
Archaeology Seminar at 
lincoln College, Oxford, 
organized by the Associa-
tion for Cultural Exchange. 
Six academic credits can be 
earned from participating 
in this low-cost program 
which ends by three weeks' 
participation on digs in 
different parts of England 
and Scotland . These in-
clude the Association 's own 
mesolithic dig on the is land 
of Oronsay in the Hebrides 

Wanted Immediately: VW 
engine, 36 or 40 hp . 
reasonable, call Rick at 436-
0970, after 6. (2/6) 
Ride to Vermont or East 
Coast or will s hare a 
Driveaway. Mid -Feb. 755-
9704 ext. 240 or 753-2133. 
(216) 

Ride needed to San Luis 
Obispo or San Bernardino 
any wee kend . Share ex-
penses . Linda 755-4368 . 
(216) 

Used Black light, Cheap as 
possible. Contact Myron at 
gym at five , or 291-8385. 
(216) 

for sale 
Guitar amp-lafayette, 
reverb-tremelo channel , 10 
in . speaker, $30/ offer -
Tanaya A73 (219) 
Have hot slide rule for sale 
$5 new, call 755-3085 ask for 
AJ . (219) 
STEREO-Muntz home unit, 
4 & 8 tra ck recorder & 
player, 200 Watt Amplifier . 
Playback function s: mic. 
phono, aux . m .p .x., tape. 
$150.00 Dee, 453-9146. (219) 
1972 VW Superbug Sunroof 
mint cond o l ss than 9000 
mil S. Radio , WW phone 
459-8224,9 a.m.-8 p.m. (216) 

Magnavox console stereo 
$100; Bedroom set $40; 
o sk $20; Dishwasher $75, 
453-6393. (2/6) 

1967 Dodge Dart, 6-auto, 
new tires and other parts, 
453-0165. (219) 
'67 Fiat 850 Spyder, new 

ngln . Wir whe Is, grn. 
with tan int. all Bru e , 459-
9398. (216) 

For sal or trad : unfi h 
Sailboat, Fair cond o Eric, 328 
La M sa, En initas. (2/6) 

'63 Ply. slant 6 conv. fair 
ond . $50 or b t off r, 

Amy 453-0904. (2/6) 

which last summer was 
visited by Queen Elizabeth, 
Prince Charles and Princess 
Anne. Cost, inclusive of 
Trans-Atlantic travel by 
scheduled jet, is $790. Write 
now for further details to 
Ian lowson, 539 West 112th 
Street, New York, N.Y. 
10025. (219) 
HAMPTON HAWES will be 
featured in a FREE JAZZ 
CONCERT, Fri. Feb. 9th at 
8 : 30 p . m. in Revelle 
Cafeteria . This event is 
sponsored by the Campus 
Programming Board and 
admission is free . (216) 
PRE-MEDS : Weekly grand 
rounds are held at the V.A. 
Hospital on Sat. mornings 
at 8:00 a.m . Your atten-
dance welcome. (219; 
Interested Pre-Meds to at-
tend doctors rounds at the 
V.A. Hospital Mon . and 
Wed. mornings, 9 a .m . 
Send a card to Pre-med, 
P.O . Box 4671 , l.J. Include 
name, phone number, and 
days available for atten-
dance. (219) 
Pre Meds : Coming in 
March, seminars on how to 
study MCATs and what to 
do during med. school in-
terviews . Film s on 
medicine. (216) 
The deadline for filing 
applications for the Muir 
College- Dartmouth 
College Exchange Program 
for spring quarter is Feb. 9, 
1973 . Any students in-
terested in applying should 
see Maxine Johnson in the 
Muir Provost office. (216) 

'67 Chevy II Auto 6 Cyl. 
$695., Call Gary 279-1837 
after 5 p.m . Weekend 
anytime. (219) 
'68 Corvette, Hdt. convert ., 
No. 327, 4 spd ., tape deck 
hookup, am-fm radio, xlnt. 
condo $2,200. 459-6568 or 
Brad at 488-9866. (219) 

1972 VW Superbug 
Sunroof, mint condo Less 
than 9000 miles. Radio, yvW 
phone 459-8224 9 am-8 p .m. 
(219) 
Motorcycle, Suzuki 125 
Twin, '71 Frwy. legal 3500 
mi. $250. 755-7192 Bob. 
Cycle Helmet, Bell size 7, 
used a few times. Snell ap-
proved . 755 -8682 eves . 
$25/ offer. (216) 

Cassette tape d eck, all 
accessor ies, $20. Randy, 
453-8013. (216) 

AR Amp exel. condo $145 
plus Concord MKIII tape 
d ck, beaut. cond o $95, or 
b st offer. 278-6399. (216) 

1963 VW, Needs su n roof, 
good e ngine. M eke offer. 
Day 755-9704 ext. 230 or 
753-2133. (2/6) 

'62 VW Van with '65 rebuilt 
ngine. $400. 453-5123 or 

276-1574 after 7 p .m. (216) 

'7 0 VW Camp r fur-
nishings; s at bed, closet, 2 
sm. seats, shelf. Good cond o 
All for $65, 273-2350. (216) 

Flute, Excellent condition . 
Fantastic price . 272-7939. 
(2/6) 

King size Airform 
Waterbed and Heater . 
Guaranteed 5 years, mint 
condo $55 for both, 453-
6859. (216) 
BOSE 901 Speaker system 
w/equalizer in unfinished 

cabin t, $245, 565-2781 . (216) 

'66 BMW 1800TI, good con-
dition, AM/FMlTape, $750. 
John, 453-0884. (216) 


