
Volume 19, Number 12 Un iversity of California, San Diego Friday, May 11, 1973 

Th. Chicago Symphony StrIng QUlrtet will perfOI'll In the Revelle Cafeteria this 
SundlY. May 13. II 8:30pm. Tickets Ire fret Ind Ivalilble It IheUrey Hall box 
omet 

Four from UCSD Named to NAS 
Till O'Neil 

Four UCSD faculty members have 
been elected to membership in the 
National Academy of Sciences . 
Membership is one of the highest -3--;~oC=nor~ that can come to any American 
Scientist. 

The four are: Dr. Stanley L. Miller, 
Professor of Chemistry; Dr. Jarvis E. 
Seegmiller, Professor of Medicine in the 
UC 0 School of Medicine; Dr. Andrew 
A. Ben on, Professor of Biology at the 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography : and 
Dr. Jr. Freeman Gilbert, Professor of 
Geophysics at the Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. 

36 NAS Members 
With the addition of the four new 

members, UCSD's total National 
Academy of Sciences membership will 
have risen to 36. The ratio of members to 
total faculty is one of the highest in the 
country. 

UCSD Leads UC 
N Ninety-five new members were 
elected thi year at the Academy's an-
nual meeting, t~us making the 
Academy's total membership just over 
1,000. Thirteen of those elected were 
from University of California campuses. 
Three were elec ed from the Berkeley 
Campus, and two each from the Davis, 
San Francisco, and UCLA Campuses in 
addition to UCSD's 4 members. 

Miller, who joined the UCSD faculty 
in March, 1960, as Assistant Professor, 
recieved his B.S. degree from the 
University of California at Berkeley in 
1951 with the highest honours in 
Chemistry. He recieved his Ph.D. from 
the University of Chicago, in 1954, while 
working under the direction of Dr. 
Harold C. Urey. 

Orgilnic Compound Research 
Miller has served as an Assistant 

Prof ssor, an Associate Prof ssor, and a 
Professor, in the Chemistry Department 
of UCSD. While continuing to teach at 
UC 0, Miller is res arching the syn-
thes s of organic compounds under 
primitive earth conditions, and is also 

George Winne 
died 

May 11, 1970 
" In God's Name 

End the war" 

working on the properties of gas 
hydrates. 

Seegmiller, who is Professor of 
Medicine in the School of Medicinp and 
Director of the school's division of 
rheumatology, joined the UCSD faculty 
in July, 1969. He graduated from the 
University of Utah and recieved his M.D. 
degr e. from the University of Chicago. 
His interest in biomedical research 
began while he was in medical school 
under Dr. E. S. Guzman-Barron; with 
whom he spent a summer at the Marine 
Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, 
Mass. Seegmiller is internationally 
known in the research fields related to 
hereditary dis 'ases and gouty arthritis. 

Benson joined the staff of Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography in 1962 as 
Professor of Biology in the Marine 
Biology Research Division . In 1965 to 
June, 1969, he was appointed chairman 
of the Division and Department of 
Marine Biology; he lield this position 
again from 1970-71. From 1966 to March, 
1970 he was Associate Director of 
Scripps Institute and thus, was responsi-
ble for the coordination of biological 
res arch and teaching activities at 
Scripps. He has also served in an ad-
visory capacity to the Director of Scripps 
Institute. 

Benson graduated from the University 
of California at Berkeley. He recieved his 
Ph.D. degree in Organic Chemistry and 
Neurophysiology from the California 
Institut of Technology. He is noted for 
his scientific work on photosynthesis, 
the synthesis of labeled organic com-
pounds, isotope application.s . in 
agricultural research, new plant lipids, 
membrane research and the use of 
neutron activation analysis in 
biochemical applications. Currently he 
is working on energy metabolism in 
marine organisms; centering on th ir 
production and utilization of wax. 

Gilbert, who joined the UCSD faculty 
in 1961, is currently Professor of 
Geophysic and acting As ociate Dire -
tor of the Institut of Geophysics and 
Planetary Physic~ at UCSD. H re i v d 
hi B.S. degree from Ma achus tt 
Institut of Technology in th fi Id of 
geophy ic in 1953, and hi Ph.D. in 
g ophy ics from ~IT in 1956. H~ has 
b n th recipl nt of Fulbright. 
Gu g nh im (twi e), and National 
ci nc Foundation Fellow hips. He i 

also th author of om 50 pap r 
d aling with his r earch on 

i mological probl m . 

C.. ltf ", 
It.bO 1" Iii • ... 
.... n r 11" 1'0 , CA 92101 

{Cf'yd rh L lnJ ( . • 1.11 (r. ft. l. Jf.t'1j , :;"t41L Hc.'I tA l ' • ;J(V I Y ~- I·u.~rr 1. 1.-\.1- Cor . " rYf'l ' .J-nl If,.J7. 197) 

,. t a"orr "e'I~~rt. 'on. ~oon .... ·' .... (t:"'l ~'..It. '" r.1r llr "" ... 1-1"Ar\ r·t,. Bear Br.dsh.ve 
f"u.tA (111,() _ o.()· 4.1 ) .9 fJ.1 fl .2 10.J 5.7 h.S 7.b 

TltIln (l01) 0.0 J.l 1.6 2.6 J.ft ).9 7. 5 ".7 6.7 

rrodu.-e (If) 1.4 O.U l ll .4 ~O .I 1.1 17.4 5.9 .4 12.0 

or..en ~ur· I (' .0 9.7 1.7 ?) 11.J G.6 12.J 10 .6 15.7 II." 
CJln""!1 t rdt • 1.7 l.S 1.9 2.6 l.J U.O >.9 .J 1" .1 
.\0 Vr,.1'l . (S!) 
100 Ik(.r1 I 4.0 u.J fr.6 1.4 O.S 0 .0 I.J 0. 2 ft . O 
Ar. _18 (71 ) 

'j\.:j .. lf",. (st. ) J .7 2.1 ) 5 l.O J .O 0.0 0.7 7 .1, 11. 

1'15 • J ,.t'"" r,od 1. 2 1.5 IJ . 2 . 7 2. 0.0 £. 8 V.V 12.0 
"('1( fi r: (20' ) 
" n-f ucxl" 11', ) 0.0 4 •• . ) >. 6 .J •. l In .? 9 .1 0.0 

TerAl (100J) 0.0 2 . 2 l S ) .6 4.1 5.0 5.6 5.9 9.5 

blt' fnt. rlu r . r rl '-c, rrrr,,~,"d •• I rC:"n . roe • •• t.he lowe.t. J:. rl red . t.or~ 1n uch c_t.r,or,. 

CAL -PIRG SURVEYNo.3 
Rick Drom 

CAL-PIRG's latest food price survey revealed some surprises and showed that 
there has been a "significant shifting of rank between the chains," compared with 
the first survey in February. 

The California Public Interest Research Group also surveyed average price 
variations between "store brands" as well as checking price differentials between the 
nine major chains in San Diego County. 

For example FedMart's prices for bakery and cereals are now 4% higher than 
Alpha Beta's prices. Though FedMart is still the all-around lowest priced chain, all the 
other chains have either moved up or down on the chart. 

Mayfair, 14% higher than FedMart in February, dropped 10 points and now is only 
4.1 % higher. Vons was the second highest priced store in February. Now it is the 
second lowest chain! only 2.2% higher than FedMart. 

CAL-PIRG member and USD senior Tim Luberski, who coord inated the latest 
survey, noted that FedMart, while having the lowest prices, was not ideal for every 
customer. "They are geared to the family shopper," he stated, "and offer fewer 
brand and size variations than most other stores." 

In the store brand sUfvey, CAL-PIRG volunteers compared the average pr ices of 
brand names with the average for the store's own brands. " We did not compare one 
store's brand against another's because we had no accurate method of determining 
quality differences," Luberski noted. In addition, price differences themselves would 
tend to be misleading because the median national brdnd prices at one store might 
be significantly higher. . 

The largest price differences were in non-food, where, for instance, a 32-ounce 
bottle of dishwashing liquid averaged 77% lower for store brands over the " name 
brands". In foods the largest variations in the items surveyed were with margarine-
53% and white vinegar - 42%. 

CAL-PIRG also did an "inflation survey" to compare prices in the past surveys to 
recent'prices. The results are different than many had expected . Th is survey seemed 
to show inflation has not been as great as many had feared . 

Meat prices in San Diego, a subject of much concern lately, actually fell in the 
period between March 8 and April 27, by 1.3% . The month previous to that they had 
risen by 6.4%, according to the CAL-PIRG survey. Prices for all items on the surv.ey, 
after climbing by about 3% between February and March, nearly leveled off dUring 
the past six weeks, rising only .7% in that perioq. A great deal of this was due to the 
lowering of prices in Mayfair and Vons; both of which went to a discou nt format in 
the latter period. 

CAL-PIRG, a student finan.ced and controlled public interest group, utilized 
students form its six member campuses, in addition to housewives and other 
volunteers for its surveys. The group plans to do more during the coming months. 

PERCENTAGE SA VING OF STORE BRAND OVER ATIONAL BRA 0 
DAIRY ........... ... . .. . .... ................ . ..... . Percentage 

aving 
Margarine -1 lb. stick .. . . ................................. 53% 

STAPLE 
Flour - 5 lb. bag white bleached ............................... 29% 
Vegetable Oil - 38 oz. jar .. . ................................ 16% 
Shortening - 31b. can . . . .... .. ... . ..... .... .... ... ..... ... . 16% 
Sugar - 5 lb. bag ............... .. ...... ... . . .. ... ... .. .... 7% 
Tea Bags - 48 bags .. . ..... ... ... . ......................... 25% 

FROZEN 
Orange Juice -12 oz. can ...... ... .......................... 26% 

PROCESSED FRUITS & VEGETABLES 
Corn -17 oz. can .. ..... .. ............. ..... . ....... ...... 200/0 
Grape Drink - 46 oz. . . . ............ . ........... . ..... . .... 21 % 
Pea h Halve -16 oz. can ...... . ... . ............. . ......... 24% 
Pear Halve -16 oz. can ........ . ...... .............. . ...... 14% 
Pineappl Juice - 46 oz. an .. . .. ...... ...................... 140'0 
Strawb rry Preserves - 22 oz. jar .. .................. . .......... 17% 
Whole Tomatoes - 28 oz. can .............. .... .............. 40 

MISCELLANEOU PREPARED FOOD 
K tchup - 14 oz. bottl ....................... .............. 230 0 
Mayonnais - 1 qt. jar . ...... ... .. ....... ................ . . 11:0 /. 
P anut Butt r - 28 oz. jar ....... . ........................•.. 23% 
Whit vin ar - 32 oz. jar ... • .............. . .. . ... . ......... 420 

NONFOOD 
BI a h - 1 gallon ... . ................................. • ... 53% 
o t rg nt - 49 oz. bo ..... . ..... ... . .. ........•.......•.. 4 o!o 
Di h oap - 32 oz. bottl . ...... .. ........................... 77°' 0 



Library Protest 
On May 8, the Central University Library will flash its 

light in a symbolic protest against the termination of 
the Federal funding for libraries. 

More information is at the Library'S (CUL) Reference 
Desk and on the bulletin board. 

'''Who'd want to turn out the lights in the library ... 
Federal fund ing ,for libraries is already cut to the 
bones ... 
As Wash ington goes, so goes the nation. State 
and local governments will be encouraged to 
take their red penci ls and cross libraries off the 
book. 
Due to circumstances beyo nd our control, 
tomorrow looks like the day we won 't be 
bringing you the library. The lights are dimming 
on your right to know." 

The amount of money UCSD has received as a resu lt 
of Federal funding is $1 ,272,793, for building and 
equipping of the Central University library. . 

Book funds from Federal funding sources covering 
the yea rs 1967-68 to 1971-72 amounted to $301 ,382, 
enabling the University libraries to expand the scope 
and depth of its book collections. 

Academ ic Programs 
REVELLE STUDENTS: 

If you need more information about the academic 
programs on our campus, come to the Revelle ca~eteria 
on the following evenings. Students from MUir and 
Third also welcome. 
Humanities Natural Science 
May 14th 8 p .m. May 16th 8 p .m. 
Literature Ph ysics 
Chinese Studies Math 
History Biology 
Ph ilosophy Chemistry 
Music Apis 
Drama Ames 
Visual Arts 

Social Science 
May 17th 8 p.m. 
linguistics 
Sociology 
Anthropology 
Psychology 
Urban & Rural Studies 
Third World Studies 
Economics 
Communications 

Ernie Mort 
Reve ll e College Dean 

Special Collections 
by Lee Burke 

If you take the elevator at Central library to the t~p 
floor, you will not find any pornography but you will 
find the Special Collections department of the UCSD 
library. 

This department was created in 1964 (when the 
library was housed in Urey Hall) and has expanded 
considerably since then. 

It now consists of twenty special collections, ranging 
in topic from propaganda to the Geiger Theosophy 
Collection . (Webster's says, "Theosoph y IS a 
theological system ... claimi ng to derive knowledge of 
God by direct mystical insight .") . 

Other subjects included are local history - the 
records of the San Diego and Arizona Railway; the Hill 
Coli ction of Pacific Boyages; a Printer's collection; 
and a group of Rare Bibles. . . 

The Libr",y is especially proud of Its extensive 
compilation of literature on Baja California. This group 
of material contai ns rare books, newspapers, maps , 
govern men - documents, archives, manuscripts, and 

photograp~, s from 1903 to today as well as many 
general books on all aspoects of Baja . 

There arE, in addition, ~~Y~tdl authOr< whose works 
(cont. on p. 15) 

(i •••••• _ •••••• l!] 
• PRE PARATION FOR SUMMER • 

: LSAT : 
:. STANLEYH. KAP"N ~ !. 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ S,nce1938 
IN SAN DIEGO AREA 

• (714) 276-8947 • 
~ ••••••••••••• 1iI 
Page 2 Triton Times Friday,May 11, 1973 

Commencement Plans 
This year UCSD is planning separate commencement 

ceremonies for the School o f Medicine, each of the 
three colleges, and the graduate sector. Plans for the 
graduate student commencement have been for-
mulated by a group of degree candidates in consort 
with Dean Pearce and Jean Fort and approved by the 
Graduate Student Council. They have tried to design a 
ceremony immediately and directly appropriate to the 
occasion and its importance. 

Graduate Commencement will be held on Sunday, 
17 June, at 3:30 p.m. in the Revelle Plaza in front of the 
Undergraduate Sciences Building. There will be no 
procession or recession. On the speakers' platform will 
be Chancellor McElroy, department Chairmen and 
Deans Pearce and Rotemberg, all in cap and gown. 
Degree candidates participating in the ceremony will 
also wear cap and gown-this is being required by the 
student committee be because it is convinced that the 

coni. on p. 15 

Crafts Gallery Opened 
by Tim O'Neil 

A crafts gallery has been opened at the International 
Center to raise funds to maintain the Center's projects. 

The Callery, which opened last week, is run by 7 
faculty wives and one faculty member; all of whom 
fun ction with the approval of the International Center 
Board. The gallery is open from 11 a.m. to 3 p .m. 
Tuesday through Saturday. 

"The gallery is not only a display, but also a store," 
commented Ms. Newmark of the International Center. 
The main purpose of the store is to let craftsmen, local 
and world-wide displa y their handcrafted crafts to the 
public; while also a affording them the opportunity to 
sell their works. The gallery thus hopes to create a 
market for the craftsman, while also providing the 
public with a cultural display . 

All profits from the sales of the crafts! will g? to th.e 
International Center to help them continue With therr 
projects. Some of the current projects are the finishing 
of the kitchen and the upstairs, and the replacement of 
the lounge furn iture that was sto len. 

The gallery is currently displaying works from local 
artists of the San Diego area, Africa , Japan, Israel, and 
the U.S. Prices vary from $2.50 to $225., so the gallery is 
suited to everyone's price range. Commission will also 
be accepted for U.S. Artists, as well as time payment on 
some works. 

Any craftsmen who would like to submit his hand-
crafted work for approval by the committee, " as only 
high quality work is accepted," should contact the : 
Gallery Eight, ext. 1942; or just stop by when the gallery 
is open. 

The Gallery Eight is open to the public and everyone 
is encou raged to come by and see the unique items 
eK hibited . 

Soul Traveling 
Next Saturday, from 2 to 9 there will be a free public 

seminar on ECKANKAR: The Ancient Science of Soul 
Travel." ECKANI<AR, or ECK, is not a yoga, religion, 
philosophy, metaphysical or an occult science. It does 
nOl use drugs, hypnosis or other artificial means of 
consciousness expansion. 

ECKANKAR teaches that the heavenly worlds are 
comprised of several planes of existence, each 
denoting a certain amount of spiritual growth and level 
of consciousness. Throughout history, mankind has 
been told that the normal evolutionary procedure is 
ascension into these planes following death. 

Sout travel is said to be the art of shifting one's 
attention away from the material worlds into the worlds 
of true beingness beyond energy, matter, space, and 
time. Through the spiritual exercises of ECI< and the 
inner guidance of the living ECK Master, one proves 
through his own experience, existence beyond the 
physical body and begins his journey back through the 
astral, causa, mental and etheric planes to the Soul 
plane, the source from whence he came. . 

This is said to break his cycle of karma and reincarna-
tion and finally lead him into total realization, the state 
of total freedom and wisdom. 

The seminar is open to the public, and will take place 
at UCSD's Revelle campus Humanities-Library Building 
Auditorium . The seminar will incl ude a film, 
workshops, music, art, a question and answer forum, 
lectures, etc. The dinner break will be from 5:30 to 7:30 
with the keynote speaker talking at 7:30. Refreshments 
will be served at 9. 

Middle East Classic 
In an attempt to explain more clearly the conflict in 

the Middle East, "Revolution Until Victory" will be 
shown to students and faculty this Saturday night. 

Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times said of the 
film: "To begin with, Revolution Until Victory' is a fine 
example of classic documentary film making .... . Revolu-
tion Until Victory has a lengthy sequence recalling the 
fate of the Jews under Hitler, which underlines the 
irony of what happened to the Arabs with the advent of 
the Israelis." Of the dramatic and tragic story of the 
dispossession of the Palestine Arabs, Journalist and UC 
San Diego Regents Professor I.F. Stone Wrote: "Jewish 
terrorism, .... itself 'encouraged' Arabs to leave areas 
the Jews wished to take over for strategic or 
demographic reasons . They tried to make as much of 
Israel as free of Arabs as possible." 

In addition to the film a Palestinian student will speak 
and answer questions. The film will be run at 7:30 P.M., 
Muir Campus 2D 2250. 

Miller Recieves Award 
The research efforts of UCSD medical student Henry 

Miller have earned him national recognition and 
honors. Miller was awarded the second-place " Ex-
ce llence In Research" award at the 13th Annual Stu-
dent America n Medica l Association - University of 
Texas Medical Branch National Student Research 
Forum, Saturday, April 28. 

At the national Forum in Galveston, Texas, Miller 
d escribed hi s re search in identifying and 
cha racte rizing a previously undefined bacterial en-
zyme - Ribonuclease H. By investigating this enzyme he 
was able to pinpoint part of the mechanism by which 
bacteria reproduce their genetic material and 
proliferate. Information about how the enzyme works 
and what inhibits its fun ctio n may enable resea rchers 
to find a means of interrupting bacterial growth thus 
providing a new point at which treatment of disease 
would be possible. The research was done at the 
medical school in collaboration with Dr. Gordon Gill , 
and Dr. Arthur Riggs of the City of Hope Medical 
Center. • 

Miller submitted an abstract of his research to the 
Forum earlier this year. He was one of more than 100 
med ical stude nts across the country selected to par-
ticipate at Galveston. The prize presente d to him was 
sponsored by the Mead Johnson Company and con-
sisted of a plaque and cash award. 

A 1969 gra du ate of Massachusetts Inst itue of 
Technology, Miller is in hi s second year of study at the 
UC San Diego School of Medicine aiming for a career 
in either endocrinology or infectious diseases. He will 
receive his M.D. degree in June 1975. His wife Gerry is 
also a medical student at the School. 

UCSD second-year medical student Henry Miller ad-I~~~::==~~~~~~~========:::~ justs sepa ratory column used in his award-winning II 
research. 

fun-slop 
shopping 
Artiques, books, candles, fountains, lewelry, leather, macrame, 
pa int ings, pots- in foct , everything far the person who doesn 't 
have everything . 3780 Missian BIYd. in old Mission Beach. Phone 
488-352l. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 am 10 9:00 pm- Fri . 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm- Sot. 10:00 om to 5:30 pm- Sun. 11 :30 om to 5:30 pm. 

YABYUm 

. the'.' 
.. v.eg·etable· . 

. Shop .' . :. :,~ ' . 
, .• , : .•.. ' .:.:: .• ,.:: ... ~ .. ,j . 

.. . " . 

Fresh Strawberries 
10:30-3:30 

(East on Villa de La Valle 
ON THE WAYTO RANCHO SANTA fE.) 

Low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 
by Ed Simons 

How I write My 
Cheap Books 

by Wilber T. Shank 
Many of you have doubtless wondered what makes 

me so special? "What is Shank's secret?" is the peren-
nial question around campus. 

What is my secret, indeed? 
The real process involves Indian medicinal herbs in a 

strange concoction . Suffice it to say that the process is 
roughly analogous to applying Absorbine Jr. on the 
fleshy part of the skull and sitting under an ultraviolet 
light during the time of the full moon. I find my 
method to be a source of never-ending inspiration . 
You'd be surprised to know how many integral 
problems I've discovered that way. 

But maybe I should start off with a synopsis of my life. 
First, let me say that I was always bald. Now most bald 

people start off bald and then grow a full head of hair. 
Then it gradually disappears. The graph of their hair 
growth plotted against time would be a continuous 
function resembling a parabola. (Mine is a step func-
tion .) I guess it was about 1932 when my parents 
realized I was different. 

"Herman," asked my mother of my father, "do you 
notice somthing wrong with our Will?" 

Dad looked at me, then went back to his shoeshine. 
"I'll have a complete list drawn up tomorrow." 

"His head, Herman," my mother insisted. 
" So he's bald. So what? I'mbald ." 
"But Hermanl" pouted mother. 
" What I" shouted Dad. 
Mother whispered. "Wilbur's only three." 

••• 
Psychologists tell us that math ability is an inherited 

trait. I must say I lean toward the theory. When I was 18 
months old I said my first word, " Differentiate." My 

Medical Schools 
liThe Rush is On" 

For students applying to Medical school for the 1974-
75 academic year, the " mad rush" began last Saturday, 
May 5, with the administration of the MOAT examina-
tion at Calivornia State University at San Diego. This test 
is a comprehensive review of chemistry, physics, 
bio logy, vocabulary, and some mathematics . 
Applicants to medical schools are rated on their perfor-
mance in comparison to other applicants taking the 
tes t. Other factors considered in evaluating applicants 
are G.P.A., extra-curricular activities, and recommen-
dations. 

The next major hurdle for premed students will be 
applying to medical schools. This process has been 
streamlined by the use of a central application service 
ca lled A.M.C.A.S. (American Medical College Applica-
tion Service) which is used by seventy five medical 
schools. The student fills out one application and sends 
one complete set of Transcripts .These are forwarded to 
the schools to which the student wishes to apply which 
are affi liated with A.M.C.A.S. forms, the premed club 
has invited Dr. Charles Spooner, Assistant Dean Of 
Admissions at UCSD School of Medicine, and Mrs . Jean 
Parks, Premed Advisor, to meet with students and talk 
about how to complete the application. This meeting 

171 time. 8 d8Y. Smile away to Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood-8urbank, OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about Our easy·la-bear, low rare. PI A ..... JOU • 11ft. 

math ability through high school i a' matter o f record. 
Still, up t i ll my senior year in Wallowsty High I was 
undecided a to a career. 

Accordingly, J wrote a noce Co my counselor asking 
for a career appointment. When I saw him he to ld me 
that my career was de finitel y in mach. 

"Just look at this note. Riddled with radical signs!" 
He shook his head. "You're just naturally math -y." 

Well, chat meeting cleared up a lot of chings. Radical 
signs! Hell, ! thou ght they were "T" 'so 

••• 

So it happened that that year I made out my 
application to Harvard. You can imagine how stunned I 
was when I got the letter saying I had been accepted _ 
to Newark City College. 

At any rate, I worked dil igently (at times, even hard) 
and soon got my BA in Animal Husbandry. 

The rest , of course, is history. I applied for a position 
at Columbia ; was refused , on account of I was "too 
young look in''' . Then I got smart and tried a little trick 
before I applied here. To this day, I sti ll wear that flesh-
colored toupee. 

••• 
Now; my cheap books ... 
The books are actually a group project- every 

chapter is out-lined and detailed with the aid of my 
T A's. In this I consider myself lucky to have a great 
bunch of T A's. We have a great relation ship because of 
my system of work to be done and credit given : I get 
the credit, they do the work . 

Usually, we sit around a large table and get the basic 
structure down. This is the first day. The second day, we 
fill in all the de tails. 

The third day, one of the T A's will bring a water-
cooled incenseburner. Someone will also bring a 
green, leafy herb to burn. (This is just to lend the 
proper atmosphere to the third meeting. By the third 
day, the group members are pretty cross, kicking and 
biting each other at the slightest hint of d isagreement.) ) 
This, by the way, is not just a run-of-the-mill incense 
burner. It is a late-year model, equipped with a hose to 
funnel air into the combustion chamber. The green, 
leafy substance is stuffed into the is stuffed into the 
chamber and set afire. 

I told you my TA's were cooperative, but would you 
believe they actually fight over sharing the job of 
sucking air into the combustion chamberl What a great 
bunch of people l 

Then the work begins. Someone shifts to the desk 
where the manu scripts are kept and picks a problem at 
random from the chapter file and presents it to the 
group for the purpose os improving the presentation . 
Below is a verbatim account of what follows. 

JR : " Okay, fellows, here's the problem as it 

will take place on Wednesday, May 23, from 4-6 p.m. in 
room 2100, BSB . 

To obtain an A.M .C.A.S. application , the student 
must mail in a request card, these cards are available in 
the Pre-Med Office (building 2D, sixth floor) a student 
who is planning to apply to schools which are not 
affiliated with A.M.C.A.S. must write to each of the 
schools and request an application . This can be done at · 
the end of Mayor early June. A few schools will not 
distribute applicat ions until midsu mmer, but the 
student's request will be kept on file . 

Most UCSD faculty and the Pre-Med Advisor. The 
interview has a two-fold purpose. While allOWing the 
committee to get to know the student better, it also 
gives the student a " dry run" in the type of situation 
which he will encounter at a medical school. The spring 
interviews have already started and will cont inue next 

sta nds:reads from paper An object weighing two 
pounds is falling with a velocity of 1 foot per second at 
t=O and is subject to air resistance of Y1V

' 
pou nds when 

its velocity is v fee t per sec. Give its ve locity as a 
function of t for t greater than O. What is its terminal 
velo ity?" 

TL: " Hey, Joe. Where did this object come from?" 
BT: 'Yeah, anyway?" 
JR :(thinking) "How 'bout a helicopter?" 
Group : (all nod assent) 

JR : So this object has fallen from a helicopter and-" 
TL : "Wait a minute, Jo e. Wh at color is this 

helicopter?" 
JR : (baffled) " White?" 
TL: (shaking head " Hey, no, man .. . lt's gotta be 

purple. That'll reaJly confuse 'em. 
JR : " Well , thaI means it has to be the third 

Wednesday." BT : " Why?" 
JR : " You ever see a purple helicopter on the second 

Wednesday?" 
Tl : " He's right, you know." 
Group: (general agreement) 
JR : " Okay, so we have a purple helicopter dropping 

a two pound object. So far, the students are supposed 
to find the veloci ty as a function of time, right? So what 
can we do with that?" 

GB : " Yeah l Screw 'em over till they can't see 
straight l"JG: "Ack-ack!" 

GB: (taking a long draw on the incense burner) 
" How about this? We leave the problem as it is-on the 
first try. On the second try we stick 'em with somethi ng 
like densi ty gradients." 

Tl : (adding two cents " De nsity gradients?" 
GB : " It 's like th is: The resistance is equal to VJv 2 

pounds, right? Okay, specify that only at sea level. Then 
tell the m that the density decrease with altitude is by a 
facto r of 3 every 200 furlongs ." 

A cheer rose from the TA's in cong ress. 
"Geniusl Genius!" were the cries. "Encore!" they 

shouted . 
Th ings were picking up fast . It's been a long time 

si nce I've witnessed a session as good as this one. I 
encouraged GB to go on- I, for one, was fa scinated. 

" Do it, GB I" 
GB smiled slyly and took control of the incense 

burner. ''I'll need this," he said. No one objected " Now 
quiet. " 

Everyone rema ined silent, transfixed by CB burning 
the herbs. All eyes were upon him, all ears waiting 
anxiously for the words to fall from his lips ... 

Then he put down the tube. Breaths were held, 
glances exchanged . Th is was it! 

" For the make-up test, then ... " he said. GB looked 
cont. on p. 15 

fall until all applicants have been interviewed. A 
student who will not be interviewed until the fall 
should still send in his application during the summer. 

When contacted by the TRITON TIMES, Mrs. Jean 
Parks, Pre-Med Advisor, urged students to have all 
applications and transcripts in by mid-July . 

"This year we have had students accepted at 31 
medical schools throughout the cou ntry. evidently 
UCSD's reputation is getting around and our students 
are obviously doing well in a variety of medical schools. 
Don 't be afra id to look outside the state of California, 
particularly the private schools." 

Students who are planning to apply to medical 
schools for the 1974-75 school year who have not 
contacted Mrs. Parks are urged to do so as soon as 
possible . Call extension 2301 or come by the premed 
office on the sixth floor of building 20. 

i'If)ILA\"" Illr A\II7A\ /I~ .~ ~A\~"~ 
& 

Everything You Wanted To Know About 

SEX 
Tonight , May 11 
In the Gym at 75 ¢ 
8:00 PM 

Page 3,Friday, Ma.~ 1171973 Tr.~ton ti~ 



The Art o f the Harpsicord 
Charles Hyd e 

King of instruments during Europe's baroque age (c. 1600-1750), the harpsichord 
fell into oblivion at the turn of the 19th century and thenceforth was generally 
confused with other instruments, such as the clavichord, or dismissed as a primitive 
piano capable only of simple antique sounds. Now enjoying a renaissance, the 
harpsichord is revealing many secrets to the uninitiated; the sound is neither simple 
norprimitive. Played by a master, the harpsichord is capable of producing passionate 
and complex music. 

Shaped like a slender grand piano, with sometimes two or even three keyboards, 
the harpsichord's strings are plucked by quills or small leather picks, each one being 
a kind of flexible tongue; this plectrum is inserted into a,jack (an upright thin piece 
of wood), the base of which stands on the rear end of a key lever. When the key is 
lowered, the jack pops up and its tongue plucks the string. This is entirely a different 
action from that of the piano, in wh ich small hammers strike the strings. In the case 
of the clavichord, often used incorrectly interchangeably with harpsichord, the 
depression of a key presses a small blade of brass, called a tangent, against the string. 
This divides the string into two lengths, one of wh ich is free to vibrate while the other 
is damped usually by a piece of cloth. Thus, although the harpsichord , clavichord, 
and piano all resemble each other in appearance, they each have a characteristic 
sound due to the manner of setti ng the string vibrating : The harpsichord string is 
plucked, the piano string is hit, and the clavichord string is rubbed. It can be seen 
from this that the clavichord has by fa r t he most del icate sound, and the piano the 
loudest. 

Like the organ, the harpsichords of the latter baroque possed registers which give 
it richness and versatility of tone. They consist of several sets of strings of varied 

cpb 
presents 

, 

materials, length, and thickness, plucked at different points by several sets of jack. 
Each set of jacks is encased in a rack that can be moved laterally by manual stops or 
by pedals; piano pedals have a completely different function. The multiple registers 
give the player the opportunity to obtain on each single key a note at one, two, 
sometimes even three octaves, simultaneously or individually. The two or more 
keyboards can be united with a couple r, which causes the keys on the upper 
keyboard to move when those of the lower keyboard are depressed. Other devices 
also en rich and vary the tone color, such as a lute register. 

During the late Middle Ages, probably in the 14th century, someone applied a 
keyboard (already long in use on the organ) to a stringed instrument of the dulcimer 
or psaltery type. Pictorial evidence appears from woodcuts and engravings from 1409 
and 1440. 

The earliest surviving harpsichords of a high quality of craftsmanship were made in 
Italy. These were often beautifully worked and decorated with gold, with keys of 
ivory and ebony. Leadership in the field of harpsichord making then passed to the 
Ruckers family of Antwerp. These were superior in powere and quality of tone to the 
Italian models. These too were often highly decorated; leading artists such as Rubens 
occasionally decorated the cases. With the Flemish models as examples, the English 
makers added the pedals described above. German builders produced instruments 
of considerable size and complexity. 

With the age of the great composers for the harpsichord, no court was without 
several of these fine instruments. By an amazing coincidence, perhaps the three 
greatest composers for the harpsichord were all born in 1685; Johann Sebastian Bach, 
George Frederic Handel, and Dominico Scarlatti. Also to be mentioned is Francois 
Couperin, Le Grand (1668-1733) . Mozart (1756-1791) and Haydn (1732-1809) also 
wrote some important compositions for the harpsichord. 

As the age of the great virtuosos passed and more people wanted a domestic 
instrument that didn 't have the problems of intonation of a harpsichord, the era of 
the harpsichord ended. 

When the pianoforte began to come into fashion about the middle of the 18th 
century, it was conceived of as an instrument that would sound like a sensitive 
harpsichord but with dynamic control possibly by touch alone; it was also cheaper 
and easier to keep in good condition. Harpsichords were the preferred instruments 
of the leading performers on the keyboard, but as pianoforte makers increasingly 
developed the volume and dynamiC possibilities of their instrument, the harpsichord 
could not compete and its manufacture gradually declined . By 1816 harpsichords 
were so little thought of that during that winter the harpsichord collection at the 
Paris Conservatoire, containing most of the instruments confiscated from the 
aristocracy during the revolution , was used as firewood . 

Primarily due to Wanda Landowska (1877-1959), the harpsichord is once again 
regarded as an instrument of great beauty and interest. As the famous critic Hi!rold 
Schonberg wrote, " it gradually was felt that the piano repitory was large enough 
without the necessity of reverting to transcriptions - and Bach and Scarlatti on the 
piano were, in a way, transcriptions no matter how faithfully the original notes were 
played." 

This weekend, on May 11 and 12, the harpsichord duo of Elizabeth Hamilton and 
Malcolm Hamilton will be playing with the La Jolla Chamber Orchestra. The works 
that will be performed with the duo are Bach's Double Concerto in C minor and 
Mozart's excellent opportunity to hear virtuoso harpsichord duo music performed 
by vi rtuosos. 

The Hami ltons, who share the same surname but are not related, will perform 
Bach's Concerto in C Minor for Two Harpsichords and Strings and the Mozart 
Concerto No. 10 in E Flat for Two Clavier and Orchestra, K. 365. Playing on a Goble 
and a Wittmayer harpsichord, they will exchange instruments b~tween concerti in 
order to follow the musical dictates of each work. 

Conductor Garvey will also lead the orchestra in Honegger's Pastorale de'ete 
(Summer Pastoral) and Hindemith's Chamber Music No.1, a work for percussion and 
twelve solo instruments - flue, clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, accordion, piano, 
xylophone, two violins, viola, cello and double bass. Hindemith's Chamber Music 
compositions have been called "The lOth Century Brandenburgs." 

Elizabeth Hamilton, who was the first official harpsichordist for Colonial 
Williamsburg, has a Master of Arts degree from UCLA and has performed and taught 
extensively in Southern California . Formerly a Lecturer in Music for UCLA and 
Pomona College, she now teaches piano, history and theory at San Diego Mesa 
College and lectures in harpsichord and Renaissance and Baroque Performance 
Practices at UCSD. Miss Hamilton 's most recent critical acclaim followed a concert in 
conjunction with John Kuzma, San Diego organist and harpsichordist. 

Malcolm Hamilton, acclaimed internationally for his keyboard artistry, received his 
Bachelor's and Master's degrees at the University of Washington and his Doctorate in 
Music at the University of Southern California. He has appeared wi th the major 
chamber orchestra and is presently resident harpsichordist with the Los Angeles 
Chamber Orchestra under Neville Marriner and a member of the faculty at USC's 
School of Performing Arts. Among his recordings are the complete Well-Tempered 
Clavier of Bach, the complete Handel violin sonatas with Henry Temianka, the 
complete Carelli sonatas with Stanley Plummer, and Vivaldi's B Flat Major Concerto 
with Jascha Heifetz and Gregor Piatigorsky. 

Tickets are available at THE TURNTABLE , 459-4421, at the box office on perfor-
ma nce nights, or by writing THE LA JOLLA CHAMBER ORCHESTRA, P.O . Box 2168, 
La Jolla, Ca. 92037. The performances begin at 8 :30 in Sherwood Hall. 

AN OUTDOOR 
ROCK CONCERT 

NO TICKETS 
AT THE 
DOOR 

for 

"Sorrow & 
the Pity" 

Come & Enjoy an 
Afternoon of Music 

Saturda y Jun e 2, 
Starts at noon behind HL building 

4 bands! 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, May 11, 1973 

Tickets will be on sale 5/14-5/16 in UREY 
HALL TICKET OFFICE 12-5 Tues·.-Thurs. 
& 12-4 Fri. 

The film is expected to Sell-Out prior to 
the evening of 5/19 - be sure to 

purc~ase your tickets in advance 

cpb 

String Along 
. The Chicago Symp~on~ String Quartet will pe rform 
In the Revelle cafe te m rtllS Sunday evening, May 13, at 
8:30 p .m. The Quartet is composed of outstanding 
artists of the famed Chicago Symphony Orchestra : 
Victor Aitay (first violin), co-concert master; Edgar 
Muenzer (second viol in), member of the first viol ins; 
":1ilton. P~eves, principal viola; and Frank Miller, prin-
Cipal vlohncello. All have distinguished chamber music 
backgrounds and have been associated with othe r 
internationally known ensembles. 

Since its founding ten years ago, the quartet hilS 
gi~en more t~an . ~ifty concerts yearly throughout the 
midwest and In distant states . Their repertoire ranges 
from the quartets of Mozart and Beethoven through 
Bartok, Ginastera, Schoenberg and other contem-
porary composers. This is no small feat , considering 
that they rehearse these works in addition to their 
strenuous Symphony schedule. Besides their concer-
tizing, the quartet has made several appearences on 
the CBS Television network. They have also recorded a 
number of works from the quartet literature. The 
group's most recent triumph came in Stockholm, 
where they gave a concert on one of their rare free 
evenings during the Chicago Symphony Orchestra's 
recent European tour. The reviews called them the 
"quartet with the golden tone." 

The Sunday evening concert will feature works by 
Beethoven, Dvorak, and Alberto Ginastera. 

Saturday Films ' 
This Saturday'S Film "Women in Love" will play once 

only at 7:30 P.M. in 2722 USB. Admission is 50(. 
Two sisters, sexually mature and intellectually active, 

struggle against the confines of a rural English mining 
town and its rigidly classed layers of society, and 
around them D.H. Lawrence weaves one of his best 
studies of sexual uneasiness and doubt. Now filmed for 
the first time (and called the best film adaptation of a 
Lawrence theme by most of the critics) , the story 
explodes with subtle frustrations, warped joys and 
bitter passions . The more placid sister, played by Jennie 
Linden, is a magnificent contrast with the other sister 
played so well by Glenda Jackson that she won an 
Academy Award for Best Actress in this performance. 
Under the director Ken Russell's vivid guidance, the 
fp ur leads strike dramatic sparks seldom seen on the 
screen before. 

Special Guelt Stan 
SKILES AND 

HENDERSON 

FRIDAY, MAY 18, 8:00 P.M. 
Tlctlll: 1&,00. 5.00. 4.00 

On sale Arena Box Office. Bill Gamble's Men's Siores, 
all Arena Ticket Agencies 

Photo Exh ibit 
Take a look through the view fin der, and what do 

you seel On Saturday, May 12 between 5 and 10 p.m. 
and on Sunday, Ma y 13 from 12 to 6 p.m. eleven 
photographers would like to show what they have 
bee n seeing. The exhibit will be at John Waggaman and 
Rober.t War.d's studio in Del Mar (1660 Coast Blvd . near 
the Fire Pit Restaurant). Exhibitors will be : Claire 

Br~ude, Gary Load, Sandy Crain, Heidi Harri son, Bob 
Miller, Bob Muzzy, He lena Negrette, John Rob inson, 
Jeanne Shoe maker, Mike Sitting and Danny Truitt . 

Pres Praises Annette 
(albeit lampoonery) 

Was hington, D.~. President Nixon, meeting with 
s.e leCl House and senate leaders, declined to shed more 

Il gh~ on contin~ing ?evelopments in the Watergate 
affair. Th~ PreSident s comments to the legislarors 
centered Instead on the nef'd to re-unite "our house 

~ivided", and. many were surprised by his allusions to 
Annette FunlCello ... a great American." The President 

clearly enjoying himself, emphasized that "Ms: 
Funlc~lIo repre.sents all that is good in th is country. She 
can g.l~e AmerICa the inspiration it sorely needs." 

PolitICal analysts are speculating that Mr. Nixon is 
preJ;>ared to offer a high administration post to Ms. 
FunlCelio. 

Ms. Funicello, vacationing in Philadelphia, refu sed to 
comment upon the President's remarks, saying only 
that she would accept the responsibility but not the 
blame, for his statements. ' 

Dance Performance 
Choreographer and dancer Yvonne Rainer will pre-

sent her new performance. work, This is the Story of a 
Woman and Man Who ... thls Saturday evening, May 12 
an? 8 :30 p.m. In 408 Me. The work, performed by Ms. 

~amer a!1d .John Erdman, reflects a new point in her 
Interest I.n Incorporating narrative into the theatrical 
mode With the use of image, text, and sound. The 
pe rformance in free and open to the public. 

AL L RIGHTS RESER VED 197 3 BY ALTERNATIVE FEATURES SER VICE 

wID be filled by Aevelle .tudents elected to represent the 
Aevene .tuden·t body on matter'l of Revelle College policy 
and Revelle Committee on College Affairs disbursements. 

Every Revelle .tudent Is affected by decisions that RCCA 
mak .. , and yet only Ilx studentl lought membership on 
this committee In 1972. RCCA wants to change that this 
upcoming year, and 80 we want you to get Involved and 
take an active part In Revene College decision making. 

. Apply today tor membership on the 
Revelle Commltt .. on College Affairs 

for 1973·1974. 
Application. for m.mbershlp on n. xt YN r'. commit .... ,. 

avallabl. In the R.v.i .. Prov08t'. Offlc. a ar. due Wednelday May 
18. Applicants mUlt be R.v .... Itud.ntl. 

Page 5 Friday, May 11 , 1973 Triton Times 



Th,e Psychology of 
Parasitism 

Martin Rodwin 
A curious but rather unpleasant 

phenomenon has begun to invad~ our 
culture the rise of the profeSSi onal 
moocher. This is the person who is out to 
get something for nothing at the eX'pe~se 
of others using as justification for hiS alms 
the alleg~d need of the group he claims to 
represent and of which he is a member. 
As an example, I offer in evidence a letter 
written by Pam Call and Carol~n love 
which appeared in the March 9 Issue of 
the Triton Times, entitled "Nixon Has 
Done It Again ." Since this letter offers 
remarkable inSight into the psy-
chopatho logy of the professional 
moocher, its arguments are worth ex-
amining in greater detail. 

In the letter the authors argue that 
federal funding ought to be made . freely 
available for the support of publiC day 
care centers and the subsidization of 
private day care centers. Yet the wider 
implications of the letter extend far 
beyond its explicit thesis. 

The authors open the letter with "For 
those who thought that day care as an 
issue had died in the face of increasing 
public acceptance ... " O~se.rve the .un-
stated premise behind thiS mtroductlon . 
Day care is a service, subject to the same 
laws of economics as any other economic 
good. It does not require the sanction of a 
large percentage of the voting public in 
order to exist, any more than do the 
services of chiropractors. Rather, it re-
quires only sufficient economic demand 
to induce capital investment by 
entepreneurs. It is obvious that by "da y 
care" the authors are referring to public-
ly su'pported day care.lt is further obvious 
that the purpose of obliterating th is dis-
tinction is to further obvious that the 
purpose of obliterating this distincti.on is 
to preclude the possibility of private, 
governmentally-unsubsidized day care as 
a viable altern ative and to thereby es-
tablish as a false dichotomy the choice of 
publicly supported day care or no day 
rare at all. 

But even assu ming that publicly sub-
sidized day ca re were supported by a 
majori ty of the tax -payi ng public, what 
right would th is give those wh? ~onsume 
th se rv ice' of publicly subSidized day 
ca re to com )~I those who. d? n<?t need (or 
want) its se"Vlces to subSidize It anyway? 
As a para lei example, consider the 
automobil indu s try . Hundreds of 
thousands c f automobiles are purchased 
every year, many by hard-working lower-
class peopl :! upon whom. such d lar.se 
expenditurr ' undoubtedly Imposes major 
hardships. Shou ld those who do not 
purchase alltomobil s therefore b tax~d 
in order t D subsidi ze the automobile 
industry, sc Ipat thos who do . purchase 
automobil ., will b abl to obtain them at 
a reduced J"lri e or at no price at all? And 
if such a poli y is unjust and irrational 
when appli d to the automobile industry, 
why does it suddenly become a moral 
imp rativ when appli d to th day care 
industry .? 

In fact, this poli y could be e)(tende~ to 
all industri s, to all goods and services 
produ d in an conomy. ~inc no good 
or 5 rvic is consumed Uniformly by all 

people throughout an economy, th:.p.rice 
of any good or service could be artifiCially 
lowered by taxing those w~o. do not 
consu me it in order to subSidize those 
who do consume it. In all such cases, 
however, every penny gained by the 
subsid i zed elite is lost by the non-
subsidized victims in the form of taxes. 

Assume that day-care centers 
throughout the country were to b.e 
governmentally subsidized or that public 
day care centers were to be established 
on a national scale, as the authors ad-
vocate. What would happen to all those 
who do not need the services of day care 
centers? What would happen to un-
married men and women or to married 
couples without any children? What 
would happen to non-working 
housewives? Or to couples with older 
children? Or to older couples whose 
children have already left home? How 
many goods and services could these 
people have had tha y they will ~~ longer 
be able to enjoy? How many saCrifices and 
privations will they be forced to endure 
while the wealth they have worked so 
hard to acquire is taxed away to support a 
privileged elite? 

But these are not the only results of 
such a program. Consider the armies of 
bureaucrats, the mountains of useless 
paperwork, the uncounted hours .of red 
tape, the incalculable destr~ctl~n. of 
resources in the form of waste, IneffiCien-
cy, sloth, corruption, incompetence, and 
apathy, invariably generated by. every 
such intrusion of government Into a 
nation's economy. Often the mere cost to 
government of maintaining such 
programs, i.e., salaries of bureaucrats, 
consu mption of natural resources, et~ ., 
exceeds the final quantity of wealth diS-
tributed to the recipients. 

For example, a federal program with a 
budget of $3,000,000,000 may ultimat~ly 
distribute only $1,000 ,000,000 to Its 
recipients, the remaining $2,OOO,OOO,~OO 
being consumed by the cost of main-
taining the vast bureaucracy ne~es~ary to 
administer the program. But thiS IS only 
the administrative cost to the govern-
ment. , 

There is also an administrative cost to 
the recipients. What would be the cost in 
sheer administrative paperwork to a 
typical day care center subsidized by the 
gove rnment? Every subsidization by 
government of one group of people at 
the expense of others entails not . only a 
redLstribution , but a destruction of 
wealth . 

Thes ar th short-range effect of such 
programs. What are the long,range effects 
of efforts by government to subsidize an 
entire industry? The most profoundly 
destructive effe t, to which all others are 
merely threateni ng preludes, is the even-
tual tak over by government of the i~­
dustry. As an explanation of how thiS 
pro ss takes place, observe the pattern 
and sequen e of events leading up to the 
enslavement of duca tion . 

Th takeover by government of the 
fi Id of edu ation be~an with the 

Continued on pillle 10 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, May 11,1973 

Vietn amese Fights Deportation 
Ngo Chi Thien Defense Committee 

Dea r friend s. 
My name is Ngo Chi Thien . First I would 

like to express our appreciation and our 
thank to you for your persistent struggle 
along with the Vi tnamese people to 
re store peace and ~o ~nd . the US 
government,s interventIOn In Viet Nam. 

However, at this moment, . the .US 
government has not dropped its I~tentlon 
to intervene into the internal affairS of the 
Vietnamese people. . 

The US Immigration in forcing . my 
deportation back to the Saigon reg lme-
shown the fact that this service suppor~s 
the repressions of the Vietnamese In th iS 
country by the Thieu regime. Sev~ra l 
Viet namese students are a lso faCing 
deportation, just because they spoke out 
against the war and the Thieu puppet 
regime. . h . h f 

I demand, I deserve to have t e rrg to 
basic freedom of the US current laws to 
go to any country of my c.hoice .. The 
Immigration service would like the l~ ac-
tions considered in terms of supporting a 
political ally- I think that more should be 
considered- people should I?ok at t~e 
humane side also, and at the inhumanity 
which would result if I were to be s~nt 
back to the repression of the Thleu 
regime. 

My friends here in Portland have 
formed a defense committee to try to 
raise some funds for the publicity and f?r 
the legal defense . Any help fro.m yo.u will 
be greatly appreciated. Our fight IS ~he 
fight of all the peace and freedom lOVing 
of the World. 

Who is 
Ngo Chi Thienl 

Yours in struggle 
NGO CHI THIEN 

On March 19,1973 the Portland Office 
of the U.S. Immigration Service ordered 
Ngo Chi Thien, a south Vietna":lese 
seaman, deported back to the Saigon 
regime. Immigration Judge Keane con-
cluded: " It would be unconscionable t 
and incongruous for thi~ g~vernment to 
shield this deserter while Its own men 
were dying to save democracy in his 
country." 

Thien was born 22 years ago in a small 
village near Da Nang, south Vietnam, one 
of 12 children. He was forced into the 
Saigon Navy at age 18. In 1970 he was sent 
to the U.S. to train in medical technology. 
He began talking to people at the naval 
hospital where he worked in San Diego 
about the puppet dictatorship in south 
Vietnam . In March 1972 Thien was 
ordered to return to Saigon. He refused, 
was arrested and jailed in Portland, 
Oregon, by federal officers: Thien stat~d 
his beliefs simply: "I am against the war I~ 
my country. I am against the way PresI-
dent Thieu is handling the war . I would 
like to see peace in Vietnam." 

Thien stated : "There is no reason for 

me to seek freedom from a government 
that practices aggression against !he 
freedom and independence of the Viet-
namese people." 
Where Will Thien Go? 

The South Vietnam where N.C.Thien 
wants to go back is that part of the 
country controlled by the Provisional 
Revolutionary Government of the 
Republic of South Vietnam. T~e PRG was 
established in 1969 as an alliance of all 
political parties desiring independence 
and freedom for south Vietnam. Its 
program is to drive out the invade~s, 
establish democratic freedom, reconcile 
and reunify the nation . 
How You Can Help 
1-Sign and return the petition below. 
2-Send a donation to the defense fund . 
3-Help set up speaking 
engagement(Thien is available to s~eak 
about the case with movies and slides 
about his country) 
Return petitions and make checks 
payable to : 
NGO CHI THIEN DEFENSE COMMITIEE 
P.O. Box 10121 
PORTLAND, OREGON 97210 
Ph. (503) 223-0445 

We undersigned demand that: 
1-Ngo Chi Thien be allowed to return 

to the Provisional Revolutiona ry Govern-
ment of the Republic of South Vietnam 

2-The U.S. Government must respect 
the Paris Peace Agreement. 

Soligor /Vivitar 
Filters 

List 

FOTOMATe 
UNIVERSITY cm CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive at Genesee 
telephone 453·5753 

Hours: Monday·Fllday t 0-7: Saturday 9-6; Sunday 1 t-4 

UCSD and the Osoblager: Worlds Apart? 
One Day In The Life of Ivan Denisovich, by Alex-

under Solzhenitsyn is not a novel which is limited to 
the narrow scope of life in a Soviet work camp. 
Rather, it is a novel that is applicable to worlds which 
appear to be far removed from that of Shukhov, the 
oppressed hero of the Osoblager. Bizarre as it may 
seem, there are similarities between thelife one would 
encounter in the Soviet work camp and the micrososm 
of the University of California San Diego. 
Shukhov learned, through his many years at the camp, 
that his survival was dependent upon his ability to 
adapt to the current system, or rather work within the 
system. Those who did not eventually learn the "tricks 
of the trade," did not survive for long. life in the work 
camp was hard and demanding. At UCSD, the situation 
is quite similar. New students at the University flounder 
helplessly until they eventually become "wise" up-
perclassmen . But, one must also take into account the 
fact that many students do not even last long enough to 
see their senior year at UCSD. The fatality rate is 
actually quite phenomenal. The percentage of 
freshmen transferring seems to be on the rise, especial-
ly this year . The reason for this seems quite obvious. 
These students were unable to work within the es-
tablished system at UCSD. However, if by chance, luck, 
or both, a student is able to prevail, despite such great 
odds, he would have learned how to get the most out 
of the system. 

In the Soviet work camp, prisoners work fervently, 
knowing that their very lives depend on it. Through the 
many years of imprisonment at the work camp, they 
have learned that productiveness is the key to survival. 
Food rations at the Osoblager are based totally on 

triton times 
"u be dubba voh lehat redder , '0'011 zle leven a vUllien" 

Edltor-in-Chief ..... Camy Sharick 
City Edllor .. . ..... Carrie Rickey 
Manallinll Editor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Edllor .. Debbie Montgomery 
lulinell Manalle r . Michael Greene 
Editorial DirKlor .. .. Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ... ... .. Tom lindberg 
Sports Editor ...... Michael Rath 
l'hotOllrlphy Editor . Maicol m Smith 
Science Editor ... .... Larry Winn 
5«retary ......... Corinne Cacas 
A. tant City Editor .. Ka thy Kuenzi 

. AMOe"'te City Editon . Richard Drom 
Michael Sesma 

A .... luslness Mllr. .. Michael Wyer 
Ani. Sports Edilor ..... Ma rk Liska 

Newt Deparlmenl 
Karen Armitage 
Hannah Cohen 
Gres Hicks 
Gres Mo.er TlmO'Ne it 
Don Maker 
l~ Bure 
laura Scudder 
Soorts Department 
Cheryl Elliot! 
John lelevier 
Dove Phillip. 
Pat Slacy 

Dou~ 8eanan 
Arts ~""m""l 
Glen Gentle 
Ch.,le. Hyde 
Greg Leonard 
Kri.fine Michel 
Hilnk Steiman 
Charle. Unkeles. 
Br.ndon W.nder 

name withheld by request 
productivity. Work for students at UCSD, is of a milder 
form than the work camp. Rather than physical labor, 
such as the construction of buildings, students must 
instead participate in strenuous mental exertion. Hours 
not spent in classes, are spe nt studying in the dor-
mitory, the Central University library, the Human.ities 
library, the seminar rooms ... Students must submit to 
the same monotonou s, seemingly never-ending 
routine every quarter. One might ask : what is the 
motivation for such appar nt self-torture? Surprisingly, 
the motivation, in this instance, is something which 
brings neither physical gratification, nor immediate 
satisfaction. Time and countless tears are spent for 
funn y, little scratches on a piece of paper - " A's" Bu t 
"A's "are what counts if one expects to get anywhere in 
today's society. This is a sad state of affairs. Wh y should 
mental ability alone be so emphasized in modern 
times? 

Whereas the general population of the Osoblager is 
divided up into gangs for efficiency, University 
students are assigned class sections. Split up into 
groups a large number of people can accomplish mor~, 
in a shorter period of time. Efforts are concentrated In 
specific areas, and consequently, productiv ity is in-
creased . However, to be successful, the masses must 
have leadership. In the Soviet work camp, gangs are 
headed by bosses . Class sections at UCSD are led by 
teaching assistants. The names are different, but essen-
tially, the leader of a gang, and the leader of .a class 
section have the same function. They both strrve for 
maximum performance of the group of people 
assigned to them . Receiving mail and eating ar~ t~uly 
the high points in an average day, whether one IS In a 

Copy Reide" 
Karen Glick 
Barbar. R.nd.1I 
ArU." 
Corky M. Cae .. 
Photoaraphy 
Daryl lImster 
Joe E~ste'n 
George Fisher 
Sieve Harper 
Mike 5esma 
ProdUC:l lon 
Jim Ch.rley 
Charlie Helmler 
Janet Klelnk.ul 
Brooke Jirrett 
D.vld M.rcus 
Andy Rosers 
Michael Sesma 
lusineu Deparlment 
Carrol Bowden 
Nancy Mancino 
Donna Yamamo,,, 

, I 

Russia n work ca mp, or UCSD. Mail is generally ap-
preciated most in those areas which are to a certain 
degree isolated. Both the Osoblager and UCSD can be 
considered detached from the outside world . Mail is a 
means by which one can keep in touch with what is 
going on in the world . "Care packages" and leners 
received are greeted with equal fervor at UCSD and a 
Soviet work camp. Mail is a preventative against mass 
depression. Despite tremendous pressure, the human 
spirit can endure if there is something to look forward 
to, something which can partially alleviate the strain . If 
one receives mail, a terrible day seems a lot better. 

Meals are also important, in that they tend to break 
up the monotony of a working day, and they provide 
sustenance for the people. They are beneficial for for 
the mind as well as the body. At times, it appears that 
there is a striking Similarity between the quality of food 
served in the University, and that of the Osoblager. 
UCSD certai nl y has a better fare than bread and nettle 
sou p, but such concoctions as Meatball Supreme and 
stuffed bell peppers are on the UCSD menu . One 
advantage th at UCSD does have over the Soviet work 
camp is that portions of food are not limited . Also, 
one must not forget that at UCSD, steak and shr imp are 
served every eight days. 

There are indeed likenesses between the world in 
the novel,One Day In The Life of Ivan Denisovich, and 
the world of the University of California San Diego. It is 
true however, that by far the Osoblager is the harsher 
world of the two. But it is also true, and interesting to 
note the distinct similarities between the two life-styles. 
At first glance, they appear to be so different from one 
another. But, if one looks at both worlds in depth, the 
difference is some aspect seems small indeed. 

The TRITON TIMES Is officially r« oanlzed u altudenl ...,..."..,. by the Communica-
tion IcNrd 011he Unlunlty 01 Ullfoml.o, SAn Dieso, luUdlns 2S4l, Matthews~, U 
)olio. UlIfornl.o 91137. Publk. tlon Is twice __ Iy on Tuesdi Y' ind friday .. Offke. ire 
toc:oIod In loom 117, .... 0. Hall, Ie • • Campu •• For .... ertisinS phone 453-.722, or 
45.l-ltOO, X ,.,7; lor editorial or news phone X 1016. OpInion. eapreued In .... "r-
themenb are those 01 the . dnrlher and do not nK .... rity rellect the opin ion 01 the 
Ti lTON TlMIS. 

'OH. A POOR, OLD HANDtCAPPED PEasON - LET ME HEL P YO U CRO SS THE STREET .• O OPS!' 

Typese/!ing by Fototype 

()pen Up 

' CAN YOU HIAI MI, GIOIIGI?' 

g)lInllnIllIlJJJHIIIIIIIJllIIJJJIIIJllJllIIJJIIJllIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIJJJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJllIIJJJllII~ 

~;;IdMrniWVli ! .1. :r~~ Shanghai t 
.,..-M ..... Y-1-0---1-1·-1-2-.-13-~ ~ Mandarin 8. Shanghai ~ 

E f1' :'( Style E 2 shows nightly - - "..Jl... ~ exce~;3~u~~~~3~:g6~·.m. :_----=: ~_ _.r. ~ Ch~:~:~:::~:.n'_=_-§~== 
Plus - Mon .-Thurs. IJ1 ~ !. menu with student 1.0 . 

Re p u lsion :-.~ :l-0 it ~ .f, MAY WE SUGGEST _~_ 
& ~ 7l.J J OUR CHIN ESE Th~v~~~~~:~he I ,J~ 1 . ~~, S~~~~A::?U'~~~~R ; 

Tickets $3.00 ADV. - ..... t" t = i1:~~5 I !~ #. i ,o~~~r I 
PACIFIC COAST I1WY L = 
AT 'd· ST .. ENCINIT AS UIIII .. 1II __ III1nJIIIIIIIIIIJIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJIlIIIIIIlIIlIlllIIUIII_fol 

Make the most of it! 
ANHEUSEI .IUSCH. INC • • 51. lOUtS 

Page 7 Frida I May 11, 1973 Triton Times 



ASpe 
Presid 

ch From Our 
nt Or, 

There' Bugs In That 
Government 

Greg Fletcher 

I come before you today, not only as your president but as 
your friend as well. You know as well as I do what they ~re 
saying about me. There are those who say because I had pnor 
knowledge of the Watergate Affair and did nothing, I should 
not be in the White House. There are those who say 
because I am President and knew nothing of the Watergate 
Affair I should not be in the White House. And there are 
those 'who say I know nothing at all, and should not be in the 
White House. You know who these people are, you've heard 
them. You read them in the papers and you see them on 
television. But how does your friend and President reply to 
these critics? I say to these individuals, " lam the President 
and I will remain in the Wh ite House until '76, regardless 
what the press, the polls, or the public demands." 

I know that as your captain and President, you the public 
will be right behind me as I steer our ship through the 
troubled waters ahead. I know also, that whatever they say 
about me in the press, uou will not beleave them. For I am 
your friend, and after all, what are friends for? And let me 
say, as I often tell Pat each night before bed, " As long as I am 
captain of the team, I call the plays." 

But I did not come here just to talk about my problems, 
The r st of the country is in trouble too. Something the 
nation should realize, as I recently have, is that there are 
Americans that "march to the beat of a different drummer". I 
am referring to those who have chosen to obey a higher law, 
than that found in the law books. There has been much 
debate recently concerning the issue of amnesty. I believe 
that the time has come that we as a nation forgive and forget 
those who obeyed their conscience rather than mere man-
made laws. I have therefore decided, after lengthy consulta-
tion with my ca binet and staff, to grant unconditional 
amnesty to all Americans who were involved in any manner 
with the Watergate Affair . I have also ordered an end to all 
investigations regarding the Watergate Affair so that your 
government may return to its business of protecting our 
nation from its enemies. 

But, we have dwelled on the bad long enough, I would like 
to now say a little about the good my administration has done 
for th is country. 

In closing just let me add that you, the public, need nev~r 
worry about anything; your government knows what IS 
happening in America today. We know what the C?m-
munists are doing. We know what the Democrats are dOing. 
We know what your community is doing. We even know 
what you are doing. So, rest assured Americans, Uncle Sam is 
watching. God Bless America. God bless us, everyone. 

Flor junto al mar azul 
De Michoacan las flo res 
vinieron a nacer en Pacific Beach 

"Cerca .del mar yo me enamore ... " 

Y si supieras mis penas 
al tener que deja ria 
cerca de las olas 

"Lioraras, IIoraras, lIoraras mi partida ... " 

Pero al cambio de los anos 
tu vida y la mia 
IIoraran, lIoraran, 1I0raran 

Pero alillegar una lagrima a tus labios 
conoceras la sal de mis penas y las tuyas 
Y si te pierdes en esos momentos de angustia 
sufriras el olvido 

Y tus seres queridos 
sufrira n contigo 

Y, asi, para que volver los ojos atras? 
cuando la PrimlVera pronto vendra 
y traera mas fie res 
para que haga! IUS coronas 
proletaria divir'a 
proletaria deli-Ima 

Que mis raizes el dill '1IIP n'lci 
fueron cortadas y me echaron a la corriente dt:1 rio 
don de me enc Jentro viajando 
para ver si enCllentro 
donde volver , <1 jar 
mi Ser bajo las estrellas 
sin ser interrunpido 
por EI Mas Viaja r 
Y, si todo falla 
look towards the Sky and pick your stars and constellations 
I know min s 

"Yo que Ie quize tanto 
pido qu seas f liz, feliz ... " 

MJ H ( amino hacia las Montanas) 
Page 8 Triton Times Friday, May 11, 1973 

LETTI I Te, 1111,. , 
UCSDFood 
Services Using 
Teamster 
Lettuce? 
Deilr Editoe: 

I'd like to know whether 
we are being deceived 
about our cafeteria policy 
on lettuce purchasing. I 
was under the impression 
that the UCSD community 
had resolved to consume 
only UFW lettuce through 
our food services on cam-
pus. I was rather shocked 
when I attended a 
university-sponsored pic-
nic for Mr, Udall at Torrey 
Pines on Monday. The pic-
nic lunches were prepared 
and packed by the 
cafeteria. I was asked to 
transport the leftover 
lunches and when I had 

them in my car I noticed 
that they were packed in 
lettuce boxes with the 
words TEAMSTERS marked 
all over. 

I'd hate to think that we 
here are trying to teach the 
rest of the community the 
attrocities of the 
TEAMSTER/grower collu-
sion and we can't even get 
our own institution to 
follow an advocate policy 
in this matter. I've gone out 
of my way to boycott 
Safeway and now I wonder 
what the hell good its done 
when I been eating 
TEAMSTER lettuce with 
every hamburger. Could 
you please have your staff 
look into what exactly our 
cafeteria official policy is 
on lettuce and if it is being 
adhered to, 

Thank you, 
Steve Brault 

Crime Near UCSD: 

T. T. Outdoes 
Itself: Prints 
Pure North 
Vietnamese 
Propaganda 
Editor: 
The Triton Times has 

finally outdone itself. 
Sandwiched in between 
the usual UFWOC 
propaganda, prevaricatory 
indictments of Thieu, and 
laughable "news" articles, 
we apparently have for us a 
real, ·live piece of official 
North Vietnamese 
propaganda, I refer to 
" Were American Pilot s 
Tortured?" by one uniden-
tified Le cong Phung (IT, 
May 8 1973). 

The article is tru 
remarkable, with su 
gems as "systematic tort 
is simply not a policy 
North Vietnam" a 
" ... Torturing is' ·,."mn'a 
Iy against the wi 
Vietnamese," Dou 
and the Big Lie 
presented with a skill 
would put Hitl er 
shame-the thesis is 
parently that (a ) 
weren't really tort 
they were lying 
were brainwashed 
on the plane ride 
from Clark Air Force 
to the U.S., and (b) 
they ' were tortured, 
deserve it, because 
did bad things and 
courageous North 
namese Communists 
the support of 
people around world, 
Progressive peop le, 

Apathy Pervad~s The Community 
Bob Suberi 

Lasy year a UCSD coed was found shot to death on campus, 
Today a coed hitchhiker is missing and feared dead. Recently 
another was molested by a group of fellows driving around in 
a camper, A little over a week ago a 76-year-old French 
woman, Mrs. leanne Pipet, who was visiting her son, Roger 
Gendrin, and his family was shot to death while strolling 
through the canyon adjacent to the UCSD student housing. 

There has been a great deal of violence here in our 
neighborhood, yet, I hear very little discussion about it 
among students or residents of this area. There is a pervading 
feeling that violence is tragic but that it is an accepted part of 
our reality which we attribute to vicious, evil criminal whom 
our police force is responsible to control. It's comforting to 
think that these murderous villians stand out by the glint of 
their scheming eyes and their black capes and hats, but, of 
course, this is never the case. The man who murdered Mrs. 
Pipet is a sick, unemployed, frustrated, suicida, product of 
our high-placed American society His crime was a spon-
taneous and irrational act. That's what scares me, His victim 
cou ld have been anyone, 

There was an article in the SAN DIEGO UNION which, very 
neatly, wrapped up this tragic and unsettling incident with 

the title; "Language Barrier FearesJ Cause of La lolla Siayi 
It went on to attribute the cause of Mrs. Pipet 's murder 
inability to speak English and thus provoking her i 
explain this tragedy by such rationale seems 
something unsaid. There are too many people 
willing to accept this murder because Mrs. Pipet 
fact, speak English, and that she was a foreigner a 
death somehow doesn't concern them. This attitude is 
to the apathy with which many Americans accepted 
deaths of so many Vietnamese men, women and children 
so long. The attitude of the Copley paper contributes to 
apathy with its shallow presentation of the news in 
give the American public the news that they w~nt to 

Crime is something that affects most of us In the 
directly at one time or another. Let's not spend as much 
as we did during the Vietnam era avoiding its real 
They're no further than the living room T.V. set, and 
effects are no less real than the violence we've . 
here in La lolla. 

About two months ago the Gendrin's home was 
into and robbed. Several weeks before that their chil 
tenspeed bicycle was stolen. Surely these incidents were 
due to a "language barrier." 

Exten 
Antiq 

'I THINK WI'VI GOT HIM TO THI ITA" O' MIND WHI.I MrLL 'AY ANnNlNO WI A •• ,' 

assume, include such 
stalwarts as Mao Tse-tung 
and his agrarian reformers, 
Leonid Brezhnev and his 
neo-Stalinist progressivism, 
and Fidel Castro with his 
progressive Isle of Pi nes 
"youth camp," 

MAKE YOUR 
OWN PEACE 

An "undeniable fact" is 
that " North Vietnam has 
never bombed the U.S,; 
only the U.S. has unilateral-
ly bombed North Biet-
nam." Unstated con-
clusion; the U.S, is the 
aggressor. George Orwell, 
please take note of this 
excelle nt propaganda 
technique: Hitler never 
bombed the United States, 
the United States bombed 
Germany, therefore the 
U,S, was the aggressor in 
World War II. Seems one 
thing is left out in both 
cases: (a) North Vietnam 
invaded South Vietnam; 
Hitler invaded Eastern 
Europe, and (b) neither the 
South Vietnamese nor th e 
Eastern Europeans desired 
to be enslaved, so (c) the 
United States came to their 
aid. 

But, of course, the "Viet-
names people" really want 
to be liberated, Th ieu , Ex-
cept that, for some reason, 
the refugees do not 
welcome the North Viet-
namese liberators, they 
always, always, flee South. Though there Is much talk of peace, the destruction of war And when several hundred 
Vietna mese POWS held in continues in Southeast Asia. Bombs are dropping, and people 
the Sou th were released by are dying. 
evil Thieu, they didn't rush The work of peacemakers is not over, nor will it be soon . The 
home, but instead sat American Friends Service Committee has been sowing the seeds 
down 0 n the runway of peace for over fifty years, Currently the AFSC is conducting the 
holding signs that read North/South Vietnam Fund for War Relief and Peace Action. 
"We would rather die than As a Quaker organization, the AFSC oppose war and violence. 
go back to the Communist Through its peace education program it actively explores the 
side," Well, those facts do application of the positive principles of non-violence to the 
get in the way. Soluti9n of human problems. Combining concern for the es-

It is one thing to print tablishment of a lasting peace in Indochina with its efforts to bring 
the likes of lane Fonda, impartial humanitarian aid to civilian victims of war, the Service 
Ramsey Clark, and other Committee launches this special fund-raising drive. The 
clowns. It is another to North/South Vietnam Fund is focusing on college campuses. 
print such outrageous lies Since 1965, the Service Committee has been furnishing 
and propaganda that even medical aid to civilians in Vietnam, without regard to their political 
the inte lligence of the h 
editors of the Triton Times convictions, as a umanitarian effort to provide war relief to the 
must be ( hope) insulted; victims of devastation. In South Vietnam It has developed a widely 
top r I n tOr well ian recognized prosthetics and rehabilitation program for war-
doublespeak which is ob- injured civilians at the Quang Ngai hospital. It has supplied 
viously written by someone penicillin for war refugees In NlF-controlied areas and has 
who dedication is not to delivered four Installments of badly needed medical and surgical 
journalistic integrity and equipment to the Viet Duc civilian hospital In North Vietnam. 

~,ruth-seeking, but to ... By contributing to AFSC's relief programs, you can begin to 
progressive people." make your own peace with the people of Vietnam and also help 
I read enough of the 

Triton Times to hope that I 
am no longer susceptible 
to shock. But Le cong 
Phung, wherever you are, 
Come out and announce 
YOur position in your coun-
try's Ministry to Truth . At 
least that way you'll 
achieve truth in adver-
tising. 

Kevin S. Olson 
Editor's notel Le cong 
Phung is a South Viet-
namese physics student at 
U(SD, 

Course On 
Offered 

in ~urnishings and architec-
IS the subject of a short 

offer beginning Monday 

Areas of Style in An-
Monday evenings, 7 to 10 
Humanities and Social 

WE, THE UNDERSIGNED, URGE 
TO UCSD COMMUNITY TO 
SUPPORT THE NORTH/SOUTH 
VIETNAM FUND, YOUR 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THESE 
PROGRAMS OF PEACE ACTION 

Jim Beckley 
Lance Belzer 
Henry G, Booker 
Steve Brault 
Edward Brinton 
James Brune 
David Buchbinder 

Hilary Chittick 
Robert C. Elliott 
Philip N. Hlames 
Tom Lindberg 
Terence E. Lynberg 
Nancy Mancino 
Michael Sesma 

Checks should be made payable to: AFSC North/South Viet-
nam Fund. 

repair some of the damages done to o'ur own lives and spir its by 
this war. 

In the area of peace-action the Service Committee is applying 
the positive principals of non-violence in calling for the humane 
treatment of all prisoners. Currently, the Committee continues to 
press for the release of more than 200,000 civilian political 
prisoners in South Vietnamese jails and to challenge disgu ised 
forms of U.S. intervention, such as the replacement of troops with 
9,000 "civilian" advisors, many of them former CIA or military 
personnel. The United States has given $500 million to President 
Thieu's government for the current fiscal year. This covers 90% of 
President Thieu 's current budget! 

The Committee is now seeking to expand its programs of 
medical relief in both North and South Vietnam, and continue 
peace education in the United States. Whatever the outcome of 
the current cease-fire, you can act now to save and rebuild 
human lives maimed by years of war. 

Your contributions to the North/South Vietnam Fund will be 
used in the following way: 60% will be used to purchase medical 
supplies; 30% will support continuing peace education in the 
United States, and no more than 10% will cover the overhead 
costs of this fund-raising drive. 

Medical supplies, not money, will be delivered by AFSC 
personnel in Vietnam to civilian medical authorit ies, and not to 
military or governmental authorities. 

CAN HELP TO ENSURE THAT THE 
TRAGEDY OF VIETNAM A 
TRAGEDY FOR OUR NATION AS 

W~LL AS THE PEOPLE OF 
INDOCHINA IS NOT PLAYED 
OUT AGAIN AND AGAIN. 

Mark Siegel 
Joseph Stokes III 
Arthur Wagner 
India Wood 
Michael Real 
C.F. Driscoll 
Aaron V. Cicourel 

Carolyn L. Taylor 
LeSlie J, Atk inson 
Herbert Stern 
Lee Burke 
Margery Bennett 
Oliver A. Ryder 

Please send your contributions to: 

Thank you for your support. 

AFSC North/ South Vietnam Fund 
Religious Affairs Off ice 

Building 250, Mutthews Campus 
La Jolla, t".:alifornla 92037 

s. 
re the influence of "the 
present". 
Haas will trace Classical 

a~d Rome, through the 
reVivals in architecture in 
and on to Picasso. 

faScination with the GIVE • • NORTH/SOUTH VIETNAM FUND 
onp.se 10 FOR WAR REUEF AND PEACE ACTION 

Page 9 Friday, May 11, 1973 Triton Times 



Psychology of Parasitism ... 
Continued from ~Ie 6 

develop n nt of the pubiic schools. By 
oHerin education to hundreds of 
thousands of students free of charge, the 
public s('hools virtually obliterated com-
petition from private schools. firms can-
not engage in meaningful competition 
when one of the firms is being completely 
subsidized by coercively obtained tax 
revenues, enabling it to offer free of 
charge a service of high market value. 
Who would care to pay the high costs of a 
private education when public education 
is available at no cost whatever? Who 
even among those who were willing 
would be able to afford simultaneously 
the cost of a private education for his 
children and the cost of subsidizing 
public education for the children of 
thousands or millions of other families? 
Today, as a result, private education is 
patronized almost exclusively by affluent, 
upper-class families. 

What have been the results of 
governmental intervention into the field 
of higher education? The most apparent 
of these results has been the creation of a 
vast array of muniCipally-owned junior-
colleges, state colleges and universities, 
all operating at enormous deficits and at a 
nearly incalculable cost to taxpayers, 

offering their educational services either 
free of charge or at a nominal cost, 
reflecting only a fraction of their true 
market value. (for example, the Universi-
ty of California, even with its annual 
"Ed ucational and Registration Fee" of 
$600, loses over $1000 per student per 
year, subsidized out of the coffers of the 
state-income tax) . The effect this has had 
on private colleges and universities has 
been devastating. It has delivered one 
school after another into the arbitrary 
power of government, by making it 
economically impossible for private 
colleges and universities to exist without 
federal grants and subsidies. To hold the 
purse string is to hold power and exert 
the control. How many colleges and un-
iversities today are financially indepen-
dent of the reigns of government? If one 
wishes to see the necessary results of 
unchecked governmental power, one 
need look no further than to such 
abominations as the" Affirmative Action" 
program, a pleasant euphemism for a 
program empowering a branch of the 
federal government to blackmail colleges 
and universities into establishing racial 
((or sexual) quotas for the hiring of faculty 
members. The blackmail weapon is sim-

When 
you're 
ready/or 

contr~ePtive 

Communications can't be one-sided! There must be 
something that's botherins you nationally, on campus, 
or even in this newspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETIERS TO THE EDITOR and will print as 
many as space permits. Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, with 6O-unit mugins, and must be re-
ceived no later than Tuesday for publication on Friday. 
All contributions MUST include the name and address 
of the writer, although names will be withheld on 
request. Mail to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCS-
0, La Jolla, 92037, or submit in person at the office, NW 
corner Blake Hall. 

iPr,otection •••... 

applicator 

Pre·fill theafPlkator up to j 
week io a~ tIc:e a04 ttOte it 
'llVjthlt) eas, teach. Apply in 
8econds •. . I "'lOt protectiOtl. 
No delay. t mar tbe mood 
Ot r:cmp' yp to.sk.4>. i~ 
DaNral fft i . No hannona. 
HighJyelft ve. Recommcl'Id· 
cd by phy" ·atls. PRE-fIL is 
so safe an simple: 
to use you . tI buy j[ 
at drug de fMlrtmentl 
without pI'Cscription. 

IMPIOYE your 
AIiLmES·thru 

HYP.OSIS 
D. RAKOW 211-4516 

I , , , 

plethe threatened cutoff of federal funds 
to the recalcitrant university. 

Decades and decades of state monopo-
ly of the field of elementary and secon-
dary education has led not to schools of 
learning, where children are encouraged 
to develop their minds and to grow into 
creative men and women, but to prisons, 
to dreary gray swamps of intellectual 
stagnation, forced conformity, and fear . 
After years of state control, public educa-
tion has been a massive failure, wasteful 
or resources, hazardous to the minds of its 
unwilling victims, and utterly without 
redeeming social value. 

Let us now return to the letter and 
examine some of the authors' arguments. 
" In creasingly, financial aids are 
diminishing, as are funds for construction 
of schools and expansion of programs. 
Not surprisingly, the majority of people 
affected by these cutbacks are poor 
minorities and women ." Who is to bear 
the cost of an increase in financial aids,an 
increase . in funding for construction of 
schools, or an expansion of programs? 
Were the authors to acknowledge that the 
cost would be borne by taxpayers of every 
economical level, but that the cost to 
taxpayers would be exceeded by the 
benefit to the recipients, their thesis 
could be examined critica lly and openly. 
But this is not the method of argumenta-
tion they choose to employ. Instead. they 
refuse to acknowledge the cost and to 
recognize the victims, as though the cost-
and the victims could be obliterated 
beneath a mound of silence. "One is 
tempted to ask at this point how we are 
supposed to help' ourselves? Presented 
with the ideal of extended education, we 
are denied itl Instructed to find work and 
be self-supporting, we are hampered by a 
sexiist educational system and inadequate 
child care!" 

Does this mean that to help oneself is to 
pursue one's goals without regard to the 
context of one's own life, while being 

taken care of and spoonfed by a pater-
nalistic government? Leave it to a militant 
champion of women's liberation, uplif-
ting the banner of autonomy, self -
reliance, independence for women, to 
offer such a sickening barrage of self-pity, 
to use her se lf-p roclaimed he lplessness as 
justification for the enslavement of those 
who are ab le to help themselves, even 
without the ostensible benefits of 
governmental subsidization. To assert 
that it is necessary to receive governmen-
tal aid in order to help oneself in the 
United States, the freest nation on Earth, 
the land most dedicated to the ideal of 
upward mobility, the land of opportunity, 
where people have risen from rags to 
riches through nothing but the exercise of 
their own ambition and perserverence 
and creativity, is so ludicrous a claim and 
so vicious an affront to the self-esteem of 
any human being, that it does not deserve 
the honor of logical refutation. 

In what manner and to what end would 
the authors be able to help themselves 
living as serfs on a stagnant collective farm 
on the outskirts of Siberia, rotting away in 
a living death to which all avenues of 
escape are blocked by lack of an exit visa 
or passport? Or as Pakistani refugees 
living in I ndia, perpetually on the verge of 
starvation while sacred cows and rats are 
being worshipped and fed with what 
could have saved the lives of hundreds of 
corpses rotting away along the streets?Or 
as unwilling members of a tribe of savages 
in Nigeria, butchering its opponents and 
practicing canibalism against its dis-
senters? Are the authors being "denied" 
an extended education? Actually, the ex-
act opposite is true. Even if they were 
attending private universities and paying 
the full cost of their education, but were 
unable to conti nue for economic reason, 
they would not have been denied an 
extended education except in the sense in 
which a person is "denied" a yacht unless 

Continued on page 11 

Extension 
Course 

Continued from page 9 

Orient - "how we feel about a far away culture" - . 
from the days of the Portuguese explorers, when 
importation was all the rage, to the more modern era 
when "Chinoiserie," or copying Orental style, became 
popular. 

Finally, the course will consider the influence of the 
present age., or "the machine versus the craftsman," 

Dr. Haas is director of the Department of Arts and 
Humanities at University Extension, UCLA. 

There is a $21 registration fee for the course. 
Telephone the Extension office, 453-2000, extension 
2061 for information on enrollment. 

DON WORTMAN TOM HART lOG S 

~ DJ!'9A»'W}\~ 
F \' 4 , ',' •• • '" [J ... J' ,'j TBLATR[ 

SANDY BARON 
IN 

"LENNY" 
COM INC TO AN DIEGO 

Premiere of the 
National Touring Company 

JUNE 5 THRU JUNE 24 
$1.00 STUDENT DISCOUNT WITH ID 
( cx t'e l'l Friday and Saturday evenings) 
Some may rind the language and content of this 
production offensive. Parental guidance suggested. 

FOR TICKET INFORMATION: 235-6535 

NOW THRU MAY 27 

EVE ARDEN 
IN 

"UNDER PAPA'S 
PICTURE?" 

A hilarious {,OIm'dy .. huut t h,' urI' and I""" of a widowed 
mutt",r who rr IK' ls against h .. r ~tabll"h.-d family . 

E~n~g.~hW~ 
Premlel! Engagemenl 

FOIOogn l anguage ~.,."'" 

FELLlNI'S HOIA 
];(JO & 9 3OIitely· 19lZ1FedeflCO FellII' 

'A panoramic .lbum 01,,,,,,, .. , 1on1, In 
01 Roma & 11II1.nI, post, ", ... nl & 

SI>or1I,lml , CATTlE RANCH & KISSES 

seturllly MI(f.uglll 

Advance 
Tickets 

For mail orders: State number of tickets, make out certified check or 
money order payable to G,ateful Dead. Please enclose self-addressed 
stamped envelope. 00 not mail cash. Mail to Grateful Dead, 814 So. 
Westgate Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. 90049. Allow 10 days for return. 

The NOct .. "" eoneflll . ..,. .. rt_ 
Frink Co",. ', POlilleal $lltr' "..".. S ... 111 

And _ him. Mmfnlon S 1 00 

On sale at a ll Ticketron outlets 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, May 11, 1973 

Psychology of Parasitism ... 
Continued from page 10 

he buy one. Yet using this defin ition, the 
e ntire spectrum of goods and services 
withheld from individuals because they 
are unable to afford them or unwilling to 
buy them has been maliciously "denied " 
to them by the calculated workings of a 
ma le volent universe. A revolt against the 
fac t that economic goods are scarce, that 
they do not exist in unlimited abundance, 
is a revolt against reality. Actually, the 
authors, as students at the university, are 
liabilities to the taxpayers of California of 
$2500 a year. If they attend four years of 
college, they will have cost the taxpayers 
of Ca lifornia$10,OOO. funny idea of being 
"denied" an education. Actually, it is they 
who have denied the taxpayers of the 
state of California $10,000 worth of goods 
and se rvices . that they would otherwise 
have been able to enjoy, since a) the taxes 
were notobtained through the threat of 
coercion and b) they were not taken in 
exchange for services rendered. 

Consider the structure of higher educa-
tion in California. An individual can attend 
a junior college for the first two years of 
his education completely free of charge. 
He can then transfer either to the Univer-
sity of California, which charges a relat ive-
ly small tuition, or to anyone of the state 
colleges and universit ies, which charge 
practically noth ing at all (about $200 a 
year). But if even this is too much, he can 
obtain a California State Scholarship, 
which pays tuition expenses completely 
to students in financial need. Or any of 
hund reds of private scholarships. Or he 
can obtain a long-term low-interest loan 
from the government or from any of a 
large number of private banks (such loans 
have a default rate three times higher 
than all others), In other states, it is 
possible to obtain a four year education 
without paying a single cent. Yet this is the 
system that the authors have the gaul to 
claim is discriminatory against poor 
minorities and women (a majority which 
controls an estimated 70 to 60 per cent of 
this nation's wealth) because it does not 
also provide them with the services of free 
da y care . Such blatant mooching 
parasitism proclaimed in a tone of moral 
righteousness and indignation is a sight I 
had hoped never to have to witness. As to 
the authors' claim that tre educational 
sys tem is "sexist," when has the university 
ever practiced sexual discrimination 
against women? When nas it ever used 
the sex of its applicants in in influencing 

its admiss ions poliCies? It is true that ther 
are a disproportionate ly small numbe r of 
wO.me n. ?n the f.acu lti s o f co ll eges and 
uniVerSities, bu t IS th is b cause o f a con -
certed policy of sexual d iscrimination ' 
against wome n or a shortage o f women 
qualified for positio ns o n the facul ties of 
colleges and universit ies? 

It is clear that in the context of the 
le tter, the meaning of the authors' asse r-
tion that the educational system is sex ist is 
that it does not provide free day care 
services for its students. Yet this is as 
grotesque as the claim that a business is 
practic ing economic discrimination 
against th e poor by refusing to fluctuate 
its prices according to the client's ability 
to pay. In fact , the claim itself is sexist 
si~c~ it assumes that a lack of free day car~ 
will Impose greater hardships on women 
than on men, thus confirming the 
stereotyped sex roles that the women's 
liberationist are allegedly attempting to 
combat. 

I shall now ask of the authors and of all 
those who wish to become the recipients 
of federally subsidized day care the ques-
tion they have struggled so long and so 
hard to evadelf you wish to have the 
service of day care why in hell don 't you 
pay for it yourself? Others do not ask of 
you that you subsidize the products and 
services they buy. Why do you demand of 
others that they subsidize the products 
and services you buy? 

I ~hall conclude this article by offering 
the tol:owing speculation to Pam Call and 
Carolyn Love and to all those who believe 
that it is safe to take just a little off the top 
that will never be missed anyway, Sup-
pose that everyone began to follow this 
policy? Suppose that everyone began to 
band into groups in an attempt to share 
the loot that would never be missed 
anyway when diffused throughout the 
entire population. How long would it be 
before it was missed?Suppose that the 
student~ demanded the abolition of tui-
tion fees at all colleges and universities 
throughout the country? Suppose that 
women throughout the country banded 
together and demanded free abortions? 
Or that the elderly demanded free 
medical care? Or that workers demanded 
comprehensive government rE'rirement 
benefits and pension plans after reaching 
the age of fifty? Or that businesses 
demanded free government insurance 

aga in t loss of capital in unprofitable 
bu siness ventur s? Or that teache rs 
d manded .hat th public schools be torn 
down and reb u ilt aga in from scratch in 
a cor d a nre wit h more progres s ive 
ed uca tional standards? Or that eco logist 
demanded that we abolish automobiles 
fartori s, progress, and civilization i~ 
ord('f to re tu rn to an era of sta rvation 
plagues, and barbarian despotism, to a~ 
era in which man e xisted in greater har-
mony with na tu re? Or that those who did 
not w ish to work demanded a gua ran teed 
annua l income for life? What would 
ha ppen to those who had paid ihe bi ll s in 
sile nce, unrepresented and unsubsidized, 
crushed unde r under an unspeakable 

we can typeset 
anything ... 

or 

load of b u rdens d ro p ped upon their 
shoulders by all those who had thought 
that responsibility is a thillg not to be 
assumed, but to be shifted onto the 
shoulders of those who are will ing to 
ass.um.e it? ~hat would happen as they 
paId f,rst thirty, then forty, thrn fif ty pe r-
ent of their in come to taxes? What would 

happen as the savings they had wo rked a 
lifetime to accumulat were slowly and 
Sickeningly d voured by a runaway infla-
tion as a last and final monum nt to the 
collapse of what had once b e n the 
g reatest and soundest of all currencies ? 
How .long would they conlinue to go on 
wo rking? Who would b left to subsid ize 
who m? 

... even the 
triton times 

n between 
; .......... of JOUr poIIIc" ......... the ....... 

.. Co .... AtI8In .... JOY to .... 
....... Oft nut ,..,.. ............. RCCA II _ 01 

1orumI ...................... CM 
opInIonI on ....... of Rev ... and .......... 

.....". 

If you are concerned about where the Revelle and UnIversity are In 
relationship to you, each other, and the community 81 18rge, then ac' 
and apply for a .. at on the 

Revelle Committee on College Affa ~rs 
The strength of a commfttee is a function of i t 's member·s. 

Come Strengthen RCCAI 

Applications are available In the Triton Times Office and in The Revelle Provosts 
Office. Applications must be completed by next Wednesday May 16. 

Page 11 Friday, May 11 , 1973 Triton Times 



Orange Tree Follies 

Hurdlers Take Seventh 
UCSD was well represented at the ' 

Chapman Invitat ional last Saturday. The 
440 yd . relay team (Rudy Myers, Erick 
Hendricks, Greg Hau ser, and Tom Ph ilp 
used good speed and mediocre han -
doffs to come away with a second place 
trophy (43.6) . Dave Robinson received a 
fourth place award in the javelin for a 
toss of 162' 7". And after winning all of 
his preliminary heats, Tom Philp came 
away from the finals with a first place 
award in the 120 yd. high hurdles (15.2), 
a third place award in the 220 yd . dash 
(23.1), and a fourth place award in the 
100 yd. dash (10.5) . 

Overall , the times and distances were 

not as good as expected. Even Jack 
Causey (Southern Californi'l College) 
who has a pending NAIA high jump 
record of 7' l V." only managed to clear 
6' 4". 

The " Outstanding Athlete" award 
went to Mark Cunn ingham of Azusa-
Pacific. Cunningham won the 440 yd . 
run (49.7), the 220 yd. dash (23.0), and 
anchored the winning mile relay team 
(3 :25.3). 

UCSD track men will have another 
opportunity to compete this co ming 
Saturday at the Riverside Invitational. 
Most of the school s that went to Chap-
man will also be at Riverside. 

Lightweights Lead Crew 
In San Diego Regatta 

Craig Uchida 

Last Saturday, Mission 
Bay was the dazzling scene 
of the 13th annual San 
Diego Invitational Crew 
Regatta . Despitethe dreary 
overcast weather which 
threatened rain , crew 
teams from UCSD, San 
Diego State, Santa Clara 
University, 51. Mary's 
College, and girl's teams 
from UCSB and the ZLAC 
Rowing Club, turned out 

to demonstrate their preci-
sion and prowess in 
rowing. Although the 
water was choppy and the 
oarsmen forced to row into 
the wind, some fine races 
were seen by the sparse 
crowd. 

four and eight. In the Frosh 
Four race, the UCSD 
oarsmen were unable to 
catch cross town rival San 
Diego State in the sprint 
and lost by an eyelash. Due 
to costly blunders and 
perhaps exhaustion, (seven 
of the eight oarsmen had 
rowed earlier in the day) 
the eight oared shell 
placed second to a fresh 
Santa Clara team. San 
Diego State finished in 
third place. 

Swingers Sashay Successfully 

The biggest story, 
however, was not the 
weather but the impressive 
display of strength, light-
ning speed, and harmony 
of the UCSD's lightweight 
shells. In their first race of 
the year, UCSD's 
lightweight eight upset a 
heavily-favored Santa Clara 
University team. Having 
only practiced together for 
one week and barely 
achieving the weight limit 
(lightweights must weigh 
160 pounds or under and 
average 155 pounds in the 
entire shell). the UCSD Hot 
Dogs conquered the 
previously undefeated San-
ta Clara squad by more 
than two boat lengths of 
open water. CoxsNained 
by Dave Johnson (a 
heavyweight for a cox-
swain) and stroked by th e 
King Hot Dog himself, John 
Winkels, the lightweights 
jumped out to a slight lead 
at the start and slowly but 
surely gained an insur-
mountable one . The 
lightweight four was equal-
ly a~ impressive again 
defeating a highly touted 
Santa Clara shell. It is 
hoped that a repeat p rfor-
mance will occur next 
weekend at the Western 
Sprint Championships. 

Racing for the first time 
this year, the Varsity Four 
came in third to highly 
rated CSUSD and Santa 
Clara. 

Next Friday and Saturday 
will end the crew season ' 
with the Western Sprint 
Championships at Lo s 
Gatos Reservoir in 
Northern California. There, 
all school along the West 
Coast with crew teams will 
participate, among them 
top-ranked Washington, 
UCLA and UC Berkeley. A 
perennial powerhouse 
from the East Coast, Penn-
sylvania University will also 
attend. 

On Cuatro de Mayo last, 
the simply wonderful UCSD 
tennis team sallied forth to 
the wild hinterland of San-
ta Ana to joust a few 
orange trees. While the 
rest of you were home 
drinking beer and 
watching Dating Game, the 
Tritons stormed Chapman 
College with an 
overwhelming court of 
dukes andknights; only to 
end up standing and 
watching as the Panthers 
determined I y snatch 
defeat from the jaws of 
victory . The Triton game 
plan seemed to consis t 
mainly in a bunch of chip 
shots and low blows , 
coupled with more 
patience than Marcus 
Welby ever dreamed of. 

Number five man Rusty 
Knight insured his spot in 
the front seat of the car for 
the return trip by recor-
ding the quickest victory. A 
slig htly inebriated, but 
nonetheless formidabl e 
Bruce Burnett (listed in the 
Yellow Pa ges under Ther-
mal, Pr ide of) hit more 
lines than a drunk driver as 
he stumbled and bumbled 
his way to victory in the 
v ry crucia l number three 
si ngles match. 
Bill Duke, laboring in a 
gusty wind against a 
proven cl i y court player 

(who was probably Sashi 
Menon in disguise) eked 
out a come-from-ahead 
win to cop the singles 
crown between the two 
schools and thus establish 
himself as one of the top 
strokers ever to grace the 
Chapman courts with his 
presence. Glenn "Stallion 
Legs" Gottlieb galloped 
through his hapless oppo-
nent in straight sets. Glen 
seemed to reach the 
plateau phase of his gam 

when he took the matter 
firmly in hand and virtually 
pounced on the Panther he 
was playing with. Glenn 
severe ly shocked th e 
throng of conservative 
spectators by his left-wing 
approach to the game and 
by the disturbing fact that 
his shorts lacked a zipper. 

Kurt (The Comic) 

The 
Hairstylists 

ummertime Haircuts For 
Guys & Girls 

Shampoo Cut & Blower Dry 
$7.50 

With Student Body Card 
. 5.00 

7463 Girard (behind Shinales) 459-8229 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, May 11, 1973 

Fristrup, despite com-
plaints of light-headedness 
and the munchies 
managed to outslug his lus-
ty opponent to hold down 
the number six slot. At one 
point in this match a gir l in 
the crowd asked her man 
from Chapman if he was 
winning. In what must be 
the classic example of the 
never-say-die mentality, 
this guy replied, "Not yet", 
to which one UCSD player 
was heard observing that 

the fellow must be in a 
dream. 

Skip Schink, playing in 
the number two spot, ap-
proached the match 
somewhat nervously, alter 
being injured in a previous 

match against State. Skip 
had suffered a severe 
pulled tonsil while 
screaming "Gawdl" loud 
enough to be heard from 
the end of Scripps Pier, and 
he was worried that he 
'wouldn't be at peak per-
formance against Chap -
man. As it turned out, the 
Chapmanite was more 
adept at throwing his 
racket than swinging it , and 
Sk ipper ripped through 
him like a Bio major toying 
with one of Murray's tests .. 

The tennis team is 
presently defending the 
athletic honor of UCSD at 
the NAIA District Tourna-
ment in Redlands. They are 
being aided there by the 
added talents of Ted 
Teacher, Rick (Spud Stud) 
Doroski, and Rudi Perkins. 
If the results are favorable 
we'll let you know next 
week . If not, forget we 
mentioned it. 

The UCSD freshman 
shells did not fare as well, 
narrowly losing in both the 

JOB OFFERING 
Need qualified student to run a field survey in the 

Ocean side Area & file a technical report on existing 
wildlife & plantlife. Apply to 
H_E_ Brooke, Box 783, Rancho Santa Fe 92087 

Fee is Negotiable 

D.H. Lawrence 

women 
• In 
love 
glenda jackson 
fanessa redgrave 

saturday may /1 
7:30 pm ILfb 2722 
JOt 

UCSD will enter three 
shells : the lightweight 
eight, the lightweight four, 
and the freshman four. All 
three have excellent 
chances of bringing hom 
numerous shirts, signifying 
victory over schools in 
each category. Coach Bill 
Gebur has intensified 
workouts this week and 
will continue to do so until 

, departure time Wednesday 
night. 

Downtown 
Discount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

Enjoy local, personal 
senlce for all 

your camera needs. 

Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A Speciallslln 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

Tennis Tourney 
Deadline Near 

Wednesday, May 16, is 
the deadline for entering 
'the UCSD Open Mixed 
Doubles Tennis Tourna-
ment. This year's tourna-
ment, to be held all day 
Sunday, May 20, promises 
to outshine all previous 
one for the following 
reasons: Instead of awar-
ding trophies to the win-
ning teams, handsome 
fu nction prizes, like 
dinners, gift certificates 
and movie tickets, will be 
given. Teams beside just 
the finalists will also win 
prizes. You can lose once 
and still win. The tourna-
ment play will follow dou-
ble elimination procedure. 
You can enter if you ca n't 

find a partner. A partner 
placeme nt service ha s 
been set up. Check at the 
PE office for details. light 
refreshments will be served 
on the lawn near the 
courts. 

For all this fun and ex-
ci tement you only have to 
pay $1 and bring one can of 
new tennis balls per cou-
ple. The tournament is 
open to all students, faculty 
and staff, except active var-
sity and professional tennis 
players . 

All entries ,(l ust consist 
of a male and female 
player. Entries must be 
made at the PE office in the 
gym by 5p .m. on May 16, 
where they will receive a 
rule sheet. 

Prizes will be awarded to 
indiv iduals of winning 

WANTED 
Yount man or woman with ,00<1 
wri linl skills. Position I ... ailable in 
Advcrlisina Department or hotel cor-
poration headquartered in San Dieto. 
Advertisin'lICncy pllan, th is ad will 
screen applicant.. Job cntlils com-
mUnications abilities. rollow.throulh 
and emphasis on detail. Some 
knowled ,c of Irt and production 
techniques would be ideal but is not a 
requirement. Positio n is rull .time. 
Idcal ror '73 ,fadu.te In En,llsh. jour. 
nalism or markctin,_ Send lcademic 
hlslory. job relume ir available. ulary 
rcquircmcntJ and brief leuer aullinlna 
qua lifications. Reply • Advertisin, 
Placcment, c/o Triton Times Business 
Department , U.C .S .D . L. Jolla , 
Calofo'nli 92037. 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

team s, that is , each 
member of a winning team 
will re ceive a separate 
dinner fon two. 

These prizes have been 
donated by several of La 
Jolla 's superior restaurants, 

the Chart House , the 
Bratskellar and Ernie 
Meyers. Among the other 
prizes there will also be a 
gift certificate from the 

Frontier Pro Shop, a quality 
sporting goods store in San 
Diego, a valuable surprise 
gift from the White Front 
Health Food Store and 
tickets to the La Jolla Cove 
Theater. 

It is hoped that with the 
wide assortment of prizes 

offered and double 
elimination play , that 
players of all levels of abili-
ty will fearlessly enter. 
You'll be surprised to find 
out how long it takes to 

lose twice and even if you 
do you can always eat your 
lunch on the grass, drink 
so me lemonade, and watch 
the pressure mount on the 
people who bea t you. 

8EE 

wiffittatttttf Ii 
Bt.stnurattt - litiitatt.s.artt 
JW.s~tr &tnlt aOO ltnUstt 

69110 La Jolla Ol _d .• La Jolla 459-2433 
Open 7 d~y, a week . Mon.-Sat. II - II. Sun . 9:30-tO 

Page 13 Friday, May 11, 1973 Triton Times 



tional Academy of Science 
a.dds Four UCSD Members ' 

tio n analysis in biochemical 
applications. 

Gilbert, Professor of 
Geophysics and acting 
Associate Director of the 
Institute of Geophysics and 
Planetary Physics at UCSD, 
joined the facu lty in 9161 . 
He is the author of some 50 
papers dealing with his 
research on seismological 
problems. 

Four UCSD facult y 
m embers have been 
e lected to membership in 
the National Academy of 
Sciences, on e of the 
highest honors that can 

Dr. Andrew BeMOn 

, 

co me to an American 
scientist. 

The four are : Dr. An-
drew A. Benson, Professor 
of Biology at the Scripps 
Institution of 
Oceanography; Dr. Jr . 
Freeman Gilbert, Professor 
of Geophysics at Scripps; 
Dr . Stanley l. Miller , 
Professor of Chemistry; 
and Dr. Jarvis E. Seegmiller, 
Professor of Medicine. 

The four new members 
bring UCSD 's total 
Nation a l Acad e m y os 
Sciences membership to 
36. The ratio of members to 
total facult y is one of the 
highest, if not the highest, 
in the co untry. 

In all, 95 new members 

Grad Risks Death 
I n A ust ra l ian Sea 

A UCS D g raduate may be the only San Diega n, and is 
certainly one of very few Americans, to have handled 
the world's most deadly snakes in their natural un-
dersea habitat. 

John McCosker, who has just received h is doctorate 
at Scripps, participated in a recent study of sea snake 
biology aboard the Scripps research vesselAlpha Helix. 
During the cruise, more than 400 snakes of 15 species 
were collected at Ashmore Reef, just north of Austral ia . 
The snakes, many as long as a man's arm, were 
collected by hand or with the aid of snake sticks at 
depths of five to 150 feet. 

Sea snakes, characterized by their oar-like flatte ned 
tails, are common in Southeast Asia and the Far East. 
Expedition scientists consider them the most venemous 
snakes in the world, the potency of their poison 
exceeding that of their land relatives the cobra and the 
krait. 

According to available literature, most species of sea 
snake inhabit shallow coastal waters and river estuaries. 
Only one species, the yellow-be llied sea snakefPe/amis 
plalUrus) is considered pelagic ("blue water" dwelling). 
It is a passively drifting, su rface-feeding snake, found in 
the Southwestern Pacific and along the pacific coasts of 
Mexico and Central and South America . 

According to McCosker, very little is know of sea 
snake behavior, ecology, toxicology and physio logy. 
Antivenins exist for several species, but in most in-
stances medicine can do little o r nothing for the sea 
snake bite victim. 
" I was nearly scared to death," said McCosker of his sea 
snake hunting experience. "The snakes I handled were 
very docile. There was really very little chance of my 
being bitten. But there was always the though in the 
back of my mind that if I were bitten, that would be it." 

Filipino fisherman make a game of the capture of sea, 
fondl ing them and passing them dose to each other's 
bodies and faces. 

" I guess their evaluation of life and death is different 
from mine," McCosker said . 

were elected at the 
Academy's annual 
meeting, bringing the 
Academy's total 
membership to just 
1,00. Of those el 

Dr. J.F. Gilbert 

were from University of 
Californis campuses. In ad-
dition to UCSD's members, 
three were elected from 
the Berkeley campus, and 
two each from the Davis, 
San Francisco, and UCLA 
campuses. 

Benson joined the staff 
of the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography in 1962 as 
Professor of Biology in the 
Marine Biology Researdh 
Division. He is noted for his 
scientific work on 
photosyntheses, the syn-
thesis of labeled organ ic 
compounds, is otope 
applications in agricultural 
research, new plant lipids, 
membrane research and 
the use of neutron activa-

Miller joined the UCSD 
Faculty in 1960 as Assistant 

Dr. Edwin Seegmiller 

Drilling Vessel Challenger 
U nearths History' of Ocean 

During 'ts most recent cruise, the 
Deep Sea Drilling Project vessel Glomar 
Challenger revealed aspects of the 
Earth's history that bear on the rifting 
apart of Australia and Antarctica and on 
the c reation of the Circumpolar 
Current. 

By dating th e sediment layers above 
oceanic basalt, scientists aooard the 
Glomar Challenger determined when 
the ancient Landm.ass, called by 
geologists " Gondwanaland ," 
fragmented . 

Part of th is story had been pieced 
togethe r on earlier DSDP cruises. On 
Leg 29, the most rece nt cruise, drilling 
showed that New Zealand drifted away 

from Aus tra lia between 60 and ' 80 
million yea rs ago. 

Shortly therefore (50 million years 
ago), Australia broke away from Antarc-
t ica and moved northw·ard. Beginning 
27 million years ago, Tasm'ania moved 
away from Australia. 

These last movements initiated the 
Circumpolar Current that flows around 
the continent of Antarctica. It was found 
that this, or its deeper manifestations, 
has caused enormous erosion in the 
deep-sea area south of Australia and 
New Zealand . Its presence is marked on 
the ocean floor by giant ripple marks 
similar in shape to those found on the 
beds of rivers and streams. 

Dr. Stanley Miller 
Professor. In addit ion to 
teaching, he is continuing 
research in the synthesis of 
organic compounds under 
p rimitive earth conditions, 
and is also working on the 
properties of gas hydrates. 

Seegmiller, Professor of 
Medicine and Director of 
the School of Medicine's 
division of rheumatology, 
joined the UCSD faculty in 
1969. He is internationally 
known as a researcher in 
hereditary diseases and 
gouty arthritis. 

Urey Granted 
High Honors 
As 'Pioneer' 

Dr . Harold C. Urey , 
Nobel Laureate and 
professor of chemistry 
emeritus at UCSD, last 
month rece ived two of the 
nation's top awards for 
scientific achievement. 

The awards , granted 
Urey on the eve of his 
eightieth birthday, came' 
from the National 
Aeronautics and Space Ad-
mi ni st ration a nd the 
American Chemical Socie-
ty . The NASA award honors 
U rey for "pioneeri ng 
cosmochemistry theories 
of the origin and history of 
the moon, the meteorites, 
and the planets ... and for 
major experimental con-
tributions to the theories of 
the origin of life on earth 
a nd elsewhere in the un-
iverse." 

Urey also received the 
Ameri ca n Chemical 
Society's Priestley award , 
the highest honor ac-
corded to a U.S. Chemist 
by the society. It is named 
for Dr. Joseph Priestley, 
one of the founders of 
modern chemistry and dis-
coverer of oxygen. 

Urey is a consultant for 
NASA's Viking mission , 
scheduled to land on Mars 
on or about July 4, 1976. He 
is one of six UCSD scien-
tists commissioned b y 
NASA to analyze lunar 
samples from the Apollo 
flights . He has conducted 
research on the evolution 
of the moon for more than 
20 yea rs. 

USE . 
Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

~"''1!1 MIII1,ell \" "tI' !t.n 011'11" ')7110 Pto" .. 7fJ/IIIJI 
!l1,)1 Cbll~lt. Io .,Ilr-ut' s .. ~ o,,..0 1)"11~ Ptoo",".'1I" "'10 
"",t" .. r"n1N", "O 11 ' 1 ,,,J"U ') (, I f'h'Jul"''JJ'Jf7(J 

Effective now. until close of business June 30. 
1973. your University & State Employees Credit 

Union will offer a new low financing charge of 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks, 

and used vehicles up to four yea rs old . We believe 
thiS new low rate combined with our loan pro· 

tectlon insurance, provided without extra charge. 
is the lowest auto financing pa.ckage offered in 

the San Diego area . Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price, including tax 

and license. with terms to 36 months. Take 
advantage of thi s new low financing rate before 

it ends June 30. 1973 . 

[][]~[§ 
._1 

UNIVERSITY .. STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

House of 
Natural Foods 

Produce, Dairy, Poultry 
Supple ments, Grains, Fruits 

Our Own Honey Date Cereal 
. 45¢ lb. 

Altadena Raw W hole Mi lk 
69¢ 1/2 gal. 

Continental Yogurt (Plain) 
79¢ qt. 

Rose Hip V.T.e. 500 mg. 
100 Tab $1 .99 

We Have Our Own Stone Mill 
And Bakery 

7523 b Fay Avenue La Jolla 
454-4515 

(acroHfoom Safeway) 

(Low Blows .. .from p . 3) 
around the circle of eager, smiling faces. He breathed 
deeply and took off. 

" First I When the object is dropped the helicopter is 
accelerating at 12ft'!seclsec at a 35 degree angle to the 
verticall" 

"Go, GBI Gol" urged the crowd. CB licked his lips, 
looked abou t, and stood Up. 

"The object is a block of mozarella cheese.!" 
" Alright, GB! Do itl Do it!" they shouted. GB threw 

his head back and laughed hoarsely. 
" There will be a thermal updraft!" 
The TA's were standing up, shouting and pounding 

the table in their excitement. 
" Ahhhhhhhh SCREW 'em, GBII" 
GB jumped on the table and began shouting at the 

top of his lungs. 
" We tell 'em to compensate for the downdraft of tI e 

helicopter's blades-" 
" Alright! Alright!" 
"-which are traveling at the angular velocity of 470 

radians per second-" 
" Yeah! I Do et, GB! I" 
" -and which are 9 cubits long! Then we tell 'em to 

take into account the quantum energy reflected by the 
,.e licopter-" 

" Screw 'em over, GBI" screamed the TNs, writhing 
in frenzied emotion . 

"- the reflectivity of which is .08% because it's 
purple-" 

"Yeah l I" 
"-plus .001 % because it's glossy, and-" 
"Scroo-oo-oo 'eml" 
GB was caught up in the storm of emotion. He yelled, 

tearing at his hair, his eyes staring, lips quivering. 
"-and then-" he screamed, laughing and crying at 

once, triumphantly, in the final ecstasy of attainment,"-
and then, for the love of the everlasting almighty God! 
I" 

"Tell usl " my TA's demanded. 
GB looked at their faces. His own demoniacal, he 

leered at them. He spread his feet apart, threw h is head 
back and jabbed the sky with his upthrust arm. 

" And then we tell 'em to DIFFERENTIATE THE 
HELICOPTER! I I" 

The T Ns went wildl Some fainted' other screamed 
for as long as five seconds, convulsing as they d id. GB 
shouted incoherently and fell in to a boiling mass of 
TA's that swallowed him alive. 

It was orgasmic. 
I think I'll give each one of myTA's a bag of herbs for 

a vacation gift - they deserve it. That's how I pa y my 
TA's. 

And that's how I write my cheap books. 

Wheels 
Whizz On 

May 26, at Birmingham High School stadium in the 
San Fernando Valley, some of Southern California's top 
athlets will compete in an extraordinary track meet. 
The meet is specia l because all of the athletes are 
hand icapped and are confined to wheelchairs. 

The Encino Jaycees, who are among the busiest 
communi ty service organizations in the Valley, are 
sponsoring these " Wheelcha ir Games" and are plan-
ning for this to beco me an annual event. Accord ing to 
the Games chairman, John Battle, the competition will 
be dose in such events as- the shot put, loo-ya rd dash, 
discus, 440-yard relay, javelin, ping-pong, weight-
lifting, along with many other exciting act ivi ties. The 
Games will be governed by the rules of the National 
Wheelchair Athletic Association (NWAA) . Those 
classi fications eligible for competition this year will be 
Class 1A, °B, 1, 2, and 3. It is anticipated that over 100 
athletes will compete in the first event of this kind in 
Southern California in over 10 years. Mr. Battle said the 
Games will run all day, Sa turday, May 26, at the 
Birming ham High School Stadium. Admission is free to 
the pub lic. All those interested in competing should 
contact the Encino Jaycees, Box 84, Encino, Ca. 91316. 

LiUJe 
0 .................. 

Pi~a 
1reat 

We lake phone ord .... 
Phone 453·8455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor a Gene_ 

200/0 'off for UCSD 
' Iudenta willi 10.,. 

Hassidic Happ~n i n g 
Tickets are now available at Chabad House, 6115 

Montezuma Road , for an evening of entertainment on 
May 20. 

The concert, entitled" A Hassidic Happening," will 
occur on the traditionally joyous holida y of Lag 
B'Omer. Featured entertainment will be a hasidic 
chOir, a Russian hasid (who recently emigrated from 
the re), and hasidic danCing. Dr. Velvel Greene, a 

fo~me~ NASA scientist, will speak on, " Why I, a Space 
SCientist Became a Hasid". 

The holiday of Lag B'Omer marks the death of 
Shimon Bar Yachai, author of the Zohar (a book in the 
mystica l Jewish Cabala) . He, Shimon Bar Yachai, 
wanted the people to rejoice on the day he died 
because because only then would he be free of his 
body and able to associate more spiritually with the 
people he knew. 

Tickets cost $100 per couple fo r sponsors, $25 per 
cou ple for patrons, $5 per ticket for contributors and $2 
per ticket for students. Co-chairmen of the concert and 
founders of Chabad House San Diego, are Mr. and Mrs. 
Morris Steinman and Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Zanville. 

The concert begins at 7:30 p .m. in the Dramatic Arts 
Bu ilding at California State University, San Diego. 

Open Forum 
The question of what 

justificatio n Peru and 
Ecuador have for claiming 
sovereignity over fishing 
waters 200 miles off their 
shores will be d iscussed 
before the San Di ego 
Open Forum Sunday night. 

The viewpoint of the 
South American nations 
will be presented by Albert 
A. Co lombo , assistant 
professor of geography at 
California State University, 
San Diego. 

The viewpoint of the 
tuna fishing industry will 
be reviewed by August J. 
Felando, president and 
general manager of the 
American Tunaboat 
Association. 

" In San Diego we have 
always taken great pride in 
our tuna fleet and, un-
derstandably, have sym-
pathized with the fishing 
community and taken their 

side in their dispute with 
the South Americans ," 
Glenn E. Murdock, presi -
dent of the O pen Forum 
explained . "Now the Open 
Forum is attempting to 
offer an objective examina-
tion of the issues in the 
bel ief that a sound un-
derstanding is in the best 
interests of everyone. 

The Open Forum 
meeting Sunday will start 
at 8 p.m. in Bard Hall, on 
the grounds of the First 
Unitarian Church , 4190 
Front St., immediately 
south of University 
Hospital. Forum members 
and undergraduat e 
students are admitted free . 
Others are asked for a door 
donation. 

Following talks by Mr. 
Colombo and Mr. Felando, 
members of the audience 
will be asked to participate 
in an open discussion of 
the issue. 

(Colledions .. .from p. 2) 
are collected in some volumes. Specifically they are 

Willi~m Blake, D.H. Lawrence, Aldous Huxley, Ernest 
Hemingway, Robert Southey, W.B. Yeats, Virgina 
Woolf and Omar Khayyam . A few of these are really 
exceptional, in size and scope. The price for these 
valuable collections however is the restricted nature 
and amount of these authors available for circulation 
through the general stacks. 

Of interest in the Rare Books section are the Writings 
of Dan iel Defoe (Robinson Crusoe), Samuel Johnson, 
and Niccoli Machiavelli (The Prince); all three of which 
are well represented in the library. 

There has been a rumor circulating recently that the 
library is a storehouse for one of the largest ac-
cumulatiOhs of pornography in the country. According 
to the librarian, this is entirely untrue . There are several 
text-book type volumes: Kinsey Reports; Masters and 
Johnson, Human Sexual Response; and the full set of 
the Marquis de Sade. And there are a number of 
beautiful art books, some with provocative French 
titles, such as Pas De Deux; La FilJe de Joie; or Derriere 
de la Mirair. However, to set the record straight, there 
is not a collection of pornography between the Bibles 
and the William Blake, on the 8th floor of Central 
Library. 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 

$(;000 COUPLE 
(boy-girl) 

All EQ UIPMENT 
FU RNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POO L SESSIONS 
3 O CEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

(Commencement .. .from p. 2) 
occasion warrants it-and sit in the audience with 
families and friends . 

If you want to participate in commencement exer-
cises, the following mu st be done: 

a . Order cap, gown, and hood from the 
Bookstore. Ph . D. rental is $10.00, Master's $9.00. 
The Bookstore strongly encourages you to submit 
your order by May 10. 
b. Complete all requirements for the degree by 
5:00 p .m ., Friday, 15 June. This means if you are a 
Ph . D. candidate or a thesis Master's candidate, 
you r dissertation must be accepted by the 
Library. In order for Mr. Silveira of the Library to 
review your d issertation by 5:00 p.m., the last 
possible time you may submit it to him is 1 :00 
p.m., Friday, 15 June; and even this ma y not be 
sufficient time if complications arise. 

If you want your name and thesis title to appear in 
the commencement program, you must complete all 
requirements for the degree by noon, Friday, 8 June. 
Again, in order for your dissertation to be reviewed by 
Mr. Silveira in good time, you must submit it to him by 
1:00 p.m. on thursday, 7 June. 

If you wish to participate in commencement, please 
complete, detach , and return the form below to the 
Office of Graduate Studies and Research , 108 Matthews 
Campus, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, 
California 92037. 

I' pl~~ i~ p~~ti'cipat~ i ~ ih'e' 19'73 'g~~du'a;~ ~~~~'e~~~-
men!. 

Yeso NoD Uncertain 0 

Name 

Department ..... .. .................... . 

Degree .............................. . 

Disse rtat ion or Thesis Title 

Current (departmental or home) Address 

Date .. . ................. . ........... . 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

Study this summer 
(or any time) 
through correspondence. 

Independent Study, University of California Ex-
tension, offers some 350 cred it and noncredit 
courses in fields ranging from anthropology to 
zoology. 
Enroll at any time of the year; study at your own 
pace, at the time and place of your choice. 
For a bulletin of courses and enrollment infor-
mation, please mail the coupon provided below, 
or visit the University Extension office in 
Building 103 on the Matthews Campus. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I • • • • • • • 

To: In • ., .... t StIdy. o.,t. XS. Unlvll'tllty of California 
1i,.,'.alOfl. 2223 flh. Strwt. 1IerhIft. CaItfInIIt !M7!O - ~ 

Please send me Ihe 1973 bullelin of correspondence courses. I 
Name ....................•........ . .. 

Address ., . . ....... . ....... . .......... . 

City. State, Zip Code ......•. . ............... 

Page 15 Fr~day, May 11, 1973 Triton Times 



......................... announce 

Friday, y 18, 8:30, 409 
MC, L' VE ELECTRONIC 
MUSIC - hard Gordon , 
Ashley. (5/18) 
Come Md join us at a Sab-
bath dinner at 6 p.m. in the 
Muir Apartments Lounge. If 
possible, bring a salad or a 
dessert. Call Joanne at 272-
5939 for more information. 
(5/11) 
LECUTURE/DISCUSSION: 
Dr. Darko Suvin, from the 
McGill University English 
Dept. w ill speak on 
BRECHT'S CAUCASIAN 
CHALK CIRCLE : OPEN 
DRAMA AND OPEN HIS-
TORY . Dr . Suvin has 
published many works 
covering, among other sub-
jects, Drama, Brecht, and 
SCience Fiction . Lecture 
(free) at 3 p.m. in UCSD 
Theatre (203 Matthews). 
(5/11) 
Begin.ning LOOM WEAVING 
class Friday mornings. Starts 
May 18. 755-4461 . (5/15) 
" An Evening with Mark 
Twain," a talented imper-
sonation 01 the writer, will be 
presented Friday, May 18 in 
the H.L. Aud at 8 p.m. (5/18) 

WOUNDED KNEE 
DEMONSTRATION, Support 
Wounded Knee, Friday, May 
11 , 1973, protest the im-
prisonment of the occupants 
of wounded knee by the U.S. 
Government. meet at Horton 
Plaza at noon and march to 
Federal Court House, (325 
W. F Street). Information: 
Denn is, 462-3766, Darva 
453-2000 Ext. 2162. (5/11) 
University of Californ ia, San 
D i ego Department of 
Economics Seminar, Friday, 
May 11 ,1 973, 3:00 p.m. H/L 
3016 Conference Room , 
Professor Ivor Pearce , 
University of California, San 
Diego and University of 
Michigan, wili speak on "The 
Theory of Mon opolistic 
Competition from a General 
Equilibrium Point of View" 
(5/11) 

services 
Aula Repa" , We ld ing Eng ine 
RebUilding Low Rales Loren or Dave 
453-9368 besl around (511 5) 

THE TOOL KIT IS BACK lor use by 
RESIDENCE HALL people. See Nell 
Trelsler A lanlls 304 453-0840. Bnng 
Sludenl 10

' 
(5/15) 

Summer lobs
' 

Make $2.000 musl be 
able 10 leave home and work lor Ihe 
enllre summer Call Tal 453-8013 
(5/15) 

BMWSMB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So HIli 
OceanSide 722-8114 
We service all makes 
ollorelgn cars (EF) 

TYPISTS Exp Theses. lerm papers. 
repons . MIse: IBM. accurale . lasl. 
BEE LYNCH 753-7356 50¢ page 
(5/25) 

travel 
lOin ANNUA L JET FLIGHTS 
EU'lOPE Irom $239 round -HIp 
JAr AN Irom $359 round-Inp LA 
NY 1/ 17 one-way. $96 
Call FhQhl Chairman, 583-1297, 4246 
Ovelat1d Ave. Dept. A. I.UIV~1 COl, 
90210 (6/8) 

lost and found 
FO JND Blac~ and Ian German 
Sh.ph rd pupp y. vlnclnllY Urey Hall 
MO'day morning Call Exl 1723 
(51 5) 

Losl Male black & belg6 Sh pherd 
w/husoy m,,1 Answers 10 Kruz r 1 yr 
Old Raul 753- 694 (5/15) 

losl B"ghl red w,ndbrpa.er laC. I 
Aspen Ski label P ase call M'~~ 453· 
5728 (51 5) 
To he whO 1000 Iwo w I Irom 
1 need ar a near tr.ck Re urn h m 
PI _se

' 
2729932 (5/15) 

High Performlncl Sound 
Bring the concert home to you with this high performance 

stereo system. We've carefully matched this system, with four 
great names combined to bring you the best musical perfor-
mance possibte at this price. Come in and hear this quality 
stereo system and bring your most demanding records to play. 

The Harman-Kardon 630 is a twin-powered AlUM stereo 
receiver. Twin-power means a separate power supply and 
power transformer for each channel . This design feature 
enables Harman-Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
watts, RMS, per channel, both channels operating Into 8 ohms 
with less than .5% distortion. INTERAUDIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music with dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigorous testing by the SYNCOM computer, the 
best speaker quality control system known today. The Dual 
1215-S automatic turntable Is engineered with precision to give 
longer life to your records. The Shure M44-E magnetic cartridge 
with diamond stylus adds the finishing touch. The combined 
result is sensational sound. 

These components purchased 
Seperately Cost . . . . . . . ,$722.85 

.. S615 harman /kardon Our Special System Price ",.."',' 
(Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) III 

saturday 
Prem i ere show i ng of 
REVOLUTION UNTIL 
VICTORY an an important 
new film on the Middle East 
and Palestine. A Palestinian 
student will speak on his 
experiences in Palestine and 
answer questions. 7:30 p.m., 
Saturday, May 12. Bldg. 20, 
2250 Muir Campus. Don't 
miss the opportunity of 
seeing a really great film. 
(5/11) 
Live fold entertainment at the 
Coffee Hut (in woods near 
Revelle Provost's Off ice) 
8 :30 Saturday even ing. 
(5/11) 
PRE-MEDS IMPORTANT!: 
On Saturday May 12, Dr. 
Eugene Bernstein will be 
speaking on his current heart 

LOST brn kM hal In slands al 
volleyball lourn Fn nile My head 
misses rt Andy 755-3147 (5/15) 

PARKA losl al MUIr 517 pm. sm. navy 
blue Nonh Face REWARD Janel 453-
2642 (5115) 
My Karale GI was removed from 
women's gym locker 199E (beige 
lockers) Please relurn . Ginger a 488-
7417 (5111) 

LOST Gltl's soccer shoes. 
black/w/whl1e stripeS 5/1. on bench al 
I.M baseball held Reward, Anne, 755-
2834 (5111) 
Losl from my car near Iheale Wed 
nlghl - bnefcase conlalnlng class 
nOles and books REWARD - $5 lor 
books and noles or $ 10 lor whole 
works Call .2516 please (5111) 

LOST Blue opal doublel necklace ,n 
gold colored senlng , 5/3 on sollball 
Ileid NOI valuable Very senllmenral 
Nancy mornings x1382, eve 755-
0520 (5111) 
To Jim who lound my sllderule lasl 
quarter - have IOSI your phone no 
Call Chip 755-3046 (5/11) 

personals 
'"To Lolly Pop I give you Ihe bndge 10 

:.~<C "- Jo m8_ 'Hallo, lis I' IS Ihe only 
vehicle a carry you .. (5111) 

To DaVid Thank you lor proving thai 
chivalry 1$ no dead Long hve booksl 
Judy (5111) 

To Ihe ladles who lound Ihe 
checkb<>ak Thank you 10 much 
(5111) 
To lhe d'vlne lady who ,umps poles for 
dinner Come VISrt me Clgql man 
(5111) 

TO The Man. '"I Love You'" Your Lady 
(5/1 I) 

M J R Hello mftr I Don·t r' 100 hard 
lon,ghl' See you lomorrow TAB 
(51 I I) 
Annel Fun'cello L,v (511 I) 

breler sound center 
3789 Park Blvd. - 296-0173 

Open Dally 9-5:30, Mon. & Fri. 9-9 

research and how it relates to 
his clinical practice . This talk, 
sponsored by the U.C.S.D. 
Pre-Med Club, is being given 
especially for pre -med 
students. Saturday May 12, 
11 a.m. at the Multi-Purpose 
Room, VA Hospital . 
Refreshments. (5/11) 
Free Public Sem inar on 
ECKANKAR: The Ancient 
Science of Soul Travel Satur-
day, May 12 in H.L. Aud. 
(5/11) 

sunday 
Free tickets now available In 
Urey Hall for Chicago 
Symphony String Quartet, 
May 13 at 8:30 in Revelle 
Cafeteria . (5111) 
"Keep on Truckin!" in a walk 
for those who can't. Walk for 
the March of Dimes to fight 
birth defects. Sunday, May 

WANTED The Joker who pul the card 
on 402 D. (5111) 

JEFF BAKER needs your help Come 
10 Argo 447 Call 453-0395 (511 I) 

JAY Where 15 Ihe mold? Phone even If 
II Isn'l done. Wayne 755-8763 (5111) 

housing 
NEEDED' lor June ' near ocean. 
$80/month/bdr. Call Dan al XI517 or 
4888740 (5115) 

Own room In Ig Solana Beach house, 
t blk 10 Beach. $72 SOlmo 1111 school's 
end 755-6853 (5115) 

Need lemale roommale. I blk. to 
UCSD, own room, uUllles paid. $90 
453-4511 (5115) 

WANTED TO SUBLET. a Mesa Sludenl 
apartmenl lor summer. call Mark al 
258-6760 eves. (5115) 
Share nice 3 Bdrm house wll female 
lor summer. Call Rick or Shelley 565-
8409 (5115) 
Roommate wanled - old slone house 
In EnCInitas, near beach, Own room, 
qU1e1 $95/mo 753 -52 10 (5/15) 

Wanled 2 g'rls 10 share luxury apl In 
P B lor summer $70 ea call 488-
9543 (5115) 
Wanled 1 or 2 bedroom apartment or 
house 10 sublel lor monlh of A'ugUSI, 
1973, please conlacl Susan or LOUIS 
Montrose. 453-2371 or .2803 (5111) 

Needed' Apt Irom mid -June 10 mid 
Sepl , walking dlslance 01 UCSD or In 
LJ near bua roule MIChelle 453·8949 
(5111) 

Orad needed 10 share Mesa apl $60 
Incl. ulllil. starting IhlS summer R Berg 
Cia MUSIC Depl UC5D (511 I) 
Roommal needed Imme<lialely MIF, 
ma ler bedroom With belh In lar e 
Unlv r51 y CiIY hom $75/mlh 453 
8957, M,ke or John (5111) 
Wanted 2 sgl rms If ' po$ In .. m 
MUIr pI for next fell, Call Irene or Loti 
453-90e7 (5111) 

20, Mission Bay Aquatic 
park. Start between 8-10 
a.m. at DeAnza Cove. Fun, 
food, and frivolity!!! 
Worthwh ile, tool Need more 
info call 284-1166. (5/18) 

monday 
Soaring Club ground school: 
Mon. 5114 in 2'c-1110 at 
7:30 p.m. The topic will be 
aviation weather. All are 
welcome. (5/11) 
Weekly firesides, Monday 
nights 8 p .m. Lounge below 
Mu ir Commons All are 
welcome . Sponsored by 
U.C.S.D. tiaha'i Club. (Ell) 

general 
Attention Veterans! If you are 
planning to attend Summer 

ROOMMATE NEEDED' Share room In 
Del Mar house S85/monlh . 755-8464 
(5111) 
Single room In apl In Del Mar available 
now unlll gradua\JOn. aboul $75 monlh. 
Jon 755-1706 (5111) 
One bedroom apl Furnished. Around 
18 01 June - end of July. $120. 
Walking dlslance Irom campus 

Ullh~es included. 453-891 a (5111) 

wanted 
Wanled : European coins and good 
cond sHver dollars. Trade rings? 465-
8141 eves .. weekends (5/15) 

WANTED. A good, cheap king or 
queen size man,ess. Call 454-2475. 
(5/15) 

WANTED' USED SURFBOARD. 7-8 
leel long Usable cond,llon. Wayne 
XIOII (5111) 

Ride needed 10 S.F. Bay Area or Nonh 
May 16. 17. 18 Will share gas/dTlvlng. 
Tony 453-2917. (5/ 15) 

Rec~plioni.'-Bookkeeper lor bUSy, 
friendly. newspapar office - tull -time. 
8-5. Mon.-Fri General office dulleS 
100. Sludt!nl wile would quahfy. Send a 
resume to- Brenda Johnson. Ad-
mlnlSlratlVe ASSistant. La Jolla Llghl-
Journal. P 0 Bo. 1927 , La Jolla, Cahf. 
92037. Call her. 459-420 1 Mon -Frl 
Between 4&5 pm. only (5115) 
Male sludenl wants Jewish lemale 
roommale to 5hare cooking for 
summer 453·474 2. (5115) 
Rldo needed to Ihe Ea I Prelerably 
Miami. End 01 quarter Will share ex-
penses Plea call 453-8910 (5/11) 
NEED R I DE ' Sal May 12, 10 
Rldgecresl (Ma,ave DeUrl) , or 
anyplace near (San Berdo) Call 
Jeanie 453-9034 (5111) 

Ch,ldcar. Wan ed June 25-Sepl. 7, 
For a dynamiC 4 year otd boy Lunch 
Included $20/~ Call 453- 1527 aft r 
8pm(5111) 
Wanled I running motorcycte lor un 
dar $65 Leave for Kenl .,487·2842 at 
with velyn 3·5 81xl561 (5111) • 

Session at UCSD and would 
like to use your V.A . 
Educational Assistance 
benefits, please be sure to 
notify the Special Services 
Office, 250 MC, by May 15 
so that your enrollment cer-
tification may be mailed in 
and you may begin receiving 
your payments promptly. 
Proof of Summer Session 
enrollment is required and 
can be obtained from the 
Summer Session Office, 101 
MC. In the case of graduate 
students, a letter from your 
department is sufficient. 
(5/15) 
Attention Veteransl Important 
meeting, Wednesday, May 
23 in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge at 11 a.m. i. e. 1100 
hrs. Mr. Dean from the 
Veteran 's Administrration in 
Washington D.C. will inform 

for sale 
'60 vw Bus, blue/whhe, new brakes, 
Irans . engine, Mich. radial lITes . 
cuSlom Inlerior. T Ba in X1226 . 
$loooloHer (5115) 

FREE Male kinens. morn. & evens 
755-69 18: somedays Ext. 2722 ask lor 
ManIa_ (SitS) 

1964 Ponliac Catalina Conv. slareo. 
power Sleering -brakes . steal al 
$255.00 Randy X2034 . (5115) 

Woman's 3-speed bike in excel. cond 
Call aher 4 10 see: 453-6467. $3500. 
(5/ 15 ) 

Garrard 40b lurnlable grado for cart. 
$25 PH 270-1796. (5115) 

1967 Ford Muslang 2 plus 2 OT Fasl-
back. new lITes. good pelnl and very 
clean $I , lSO. 282-5638. (5/15) 

1965 MG Mldgel - Hardtop 
spokewheels, good tire., palnl RplysH 
clean. S650 282-6638 Hurryl 5115) 

'69 TrS Roadsler, AMlFM radio, wire 
lITes, michelins. 454-6873 aher 8.00. 
(5115) 

10' Slep Van. '61 Dodge. aula. PS/PB. 
Runs well. $1095, 453-8se.1 . (5/15) 

1963 FORD GalolXle. ve, aula. R/H 
PS. guage.. Excel Mech. Cond 
$160 Art, 277-3972 (5/15) 

WATER BED, King a ze wllh frame. 
ped and liner. No leak.. $20 436-
0451 eves (5/15) 

BEAUTIFUL new MOlorole .'ereo can-
late. AM-FM radio. cart. lape player 
5300 453·4845 (5115) 

'71 NORTON 7SO, clean. 'asl, bllchln' 
Must sell. asking $800 453-6206 
(5115) 

Must Sell 1 4 Ponliac Tempesl 
Auto power. R/H, $200. 4537257, 
Ann (5115) 
Chines. 2-SlrlnQ V,Olin Radwood 
made In mainland. $35 272-4735 
(5111) 

Page 16 Triton Tim s Friday, May 11, 1973 

vets on how to get their ad-
vance V.A . educational 
benefits for fall "73" , 
A.SAP. for further Informa-
tion contact Lance Beizer, 
453-2000 X2394 . (5/22) 
Eleven photographers would 
like to show you what they've 
been seeing... The exhibit 
will be at the John 
Waggaman Robert Ward 
Studio in Del Mar. 1660 
Coast Blvd. (entrance at rear 
of building) (5/11) 
A new series of HATHA 
YOGA classes and 
MEDITATION classes will 
begin in Del Mar, Pacific 
Beach, and at UCSD. For 
details call Mary Bardone 
459-3975. (5/11) 
"Attention All Mus ical 
Groups", On May 19, there 
will be a concert given on the 
soccer field . All Interested 
groups call: Harvey Daniels 
or Hymie Munoz at 453-
2000, etx. 2107 or 2108, We 
need you to perform for 
" free" for 1/2 hour to 1 hour. 
(5/18) 
ATTENTION PRE-MEDS : 
Dr. Charles Spooner, Assis-
tant Dean of Admissions at 
the UCSD School of 
Medicine will meet with pre-
meds to discuss the new 
AMCAS forms . All students 
who are going to be filling out 
an AMCAS form in the next 
few months are urged to at-
tend . Wednesday, May 23 , 
4-6 p.m. Rm. 2100, BSB. 
(5/11) 
The Jewish Students 
Association Is sponsoring a 
weekend in the mountains, 
May 18-20. There will be 
dancing, sports, seminars, 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cost of $5.00, which also 
includes transportation and 
meals. There is more infor. to 
come, but if you're In-
terested, call Joanne at 272-
5939. (5/19) 
Dr. F. Clark Howell, eminent 
physical anthropologist from 
the lIniversity of California, 
Berkeley, will speak on "New 
Researchers in Afr ic a 
Bearing on Human Origins" 
at 8 p.m. , Wednesday, May 
23, 1973, in 2D 2250. (5/22) 

Down bag. barrier 2"" Ibs while goose 
COSI 120 nu sao, molobecane 10 spd 
all alloy Ikenu $140 .,ras 453-3063 
(5/15) 

1969 Benelh 260 motorcycle, $175 or 
? Dave. 274-e714 (511 5) 

$205 condo, 2Br. , 1 ba CpIS. drpa 
bilins gar., pool, pets. kids. ok. Un-
furn . Unlv. CilY 453-8785 (511 1) 

For Sale ~ 1959 Volvo 544. Runs. 
needs work $75, Phone X2648 or 755-
0376 Frad (5111) 

1972 Chrysler New Yorker. 2 door 
hard lap. LeaVing town -pnvale pany. 
besl oHer, 252-0937 aher 5. (5/15) 
Beaulllul black kmens will go 10 pound 
I nol claimed this week, 8 weekI 755-
0647 Free. (5/1 t) 
Camp Iralla hOrIZon packbag & 
magnesium Irama. large, $53 new 
$35/or offer. Doug 453-9193 (5111) 
1964 Ponliac Grand Prl . .. Aula, 
Power. R/H. AlrCond .. Alum .• Wheels, 
e"ras. $600 453-6112 Kevin - Besl 
Offer. (5111) 
Refrlgeralor' Almosl new, bronze 
colored, "" relrlgeralor secllon, olher 
hall Ireezer seclion. $100, 273-0175 
(5/11) 
ALPHA - TOO MIN PACER a,a-
leedback lor alpha and gamma waves 
Was $2SO 00 now $lSO 00. 271 -8662. 
(5111) 
Ski boots for sale: Lange Stds Size 
10 ""- $40: Moillors axlnt. beg-
Inlermed. size approx 6-$20. 453-
7964. (51 t 1) 
'64 Plymouth, 6 cyhnders. Runs well 
$350 Pleasa call 453-8910 (5111) 
Small refrigeralor, $35, Sony TV $35, 
Plonear receiver $85. 150 rock 
album., 753-7341 (5/1 t) 
Easy chair; $20; Single bed w/bolslers, 
$:1 Call 488-2910 (5/11\ 
Peugeot 7 t S04 aulo FM -AM e" cond 
new MIChelin X lIT .. , .,nl Cend $2350 
271 6979 4511 I) 
1968 OPEL KADETT - good lire', 
economICal 8M It Mete ApI. 453· 
,gol, $5SO (5111) 


