
Day Care Center Needs Help From' Students, Volunteers 
Karen Armitage n eded at the present time. A few people donating a 

The Day Care Center at UCSD is in serious financial few hours a week cou ld incr ase the quality of child 
trouble. Its director, Mrs. Josie Foulks, discussed the care and the amount of attention each child receives. 
Center's difficulties in a short interview with the General "helping out" and such specialties as story 
TRITON TIMES. The interview time was sandwiched telling, dancing, "art" lessons, game organization, etc., 
between a session of singing and counting games and are all needed. 
the serving of a mid-afternoon snack. Mrs. Foulk Donation of paper, chi ldrens' books, art materials, 
interrupted the interview several times to attend to a cloth . material, string, toys, records, etc., are all 
child or some matter requiring her immediate atten- welcome. The Center could also use a table (preferably 
tion. four feet by four feet or larger), sma ll painting smocks, 

Though many parents have expressed a need for a and chi ldren's costumes. 
larger center, recent cuts in Federal funds have barred Individuals wishing to put pressur on governmental 
any possibility of expanding the Center. A proposal for agencies to support child care centers can write to : 
funds for the Center was in the process of being drawn President Nixon, White House, Washington, D.C. 
up when the cuts were announced. Some funds were Caspar Winberger, Sec'y HEW Dept., Washington, 
allotted by the University recently to cover emergency D.C. 20202 
expenses for the Center for the next four months, but Alan Cranston, Senate Office Building, 
after that time the financial picture appears to be very Washington, D.C. 
bleak. John Tunney, Senate Office Building, Washington, 

When asked how the Center will function after these D.C. 
funds run out, Mrs. Foulks replied that the Center will /' Your local Representative, House Office Building, 
try to exist on the limited income from parents of the .-/ Washington, D.C. (Call your local newspaper.) 
children at the Center. The fee for one full-time child is Reagan, Governor's Mansion, Sacramento, CA. 
$60 a month if the parents contrjbute six hours a month ratio of 10 or more children to one adult. Dr. Earl Brian, Director of Health , Welfare, 
in time to the Center. Parents who are unable to In spite of the obvious difficulties Mrs. Foulks is Sacramento. 
donate time pay $80 a month per child. In addition, facing, she remains committed to the Center and Dr. Wilson Riles, State Dept. of Educ., Sacramento. 
each parent provides on hot meal a month for the believes in the importance of its function . Attention (He supports us; encourage him.) 
children. This activity is enjoyable for both the parents from interested adults, many learning experiences, and Your local Representative to State Legislature. (Call 
and the children and eases the burden of meal plan- the presence of other children are three qualities that your newspaper.) 
ning and preparation for twenty children. The Center the Center provides for the children. For their paents, Individuals who wish to donate articles or time are 
functions largely as a Co-op, with parents donating the Center is an economical source of responsible child encou raged to call or visit the Center and speak to Mrs. 
time and services. At times this results in very little care. Foulks. The Center is located on Matthews Campus 
assistance. For example, during finals week many When asked how interested individuals or groups near the Third College Dorms in Building 650. The 
parents and volunteers are unable to fulfill their can aid the Center, Mrs. Foulks proposed three general extension is 2891 . Mail should be sent to Building 250, 
commitments at the Center. This can result in a chaotic methods. Volunteers, especially males, are badly Matthews Campus. 

Volume 18, Number 16 

Craft Center in 
Financial Crisis 

The Crafts Center, the only non-academic creative 
outlet for students on campus is facing a financial crisis 
due to limited funding and overwhelming interest in its 
program. 

The Center, located in the woods just east of the 
gym, was built last year as step I of the Student Center. 
One room was originally allotted for ceramics work, 
but, according to John Annaloro, Director of the Crafts 
Center, the enormous interest in ceramics has resulted 
in most of the space being devoted to that craft. 

Other courses offered at the Center include Copper 
Enameling, Beginning and Intermediate Photography, 
and a course in Kiln Building, Construction, Design, 
and Theory. 

But the enormous enrollment of 200 at the Crafts 
Center makes the teaching space cramped and causes 
the Center to be open daily on a 24-hour basis to serve 
all the interested students. 

Not only are the Center facilities crowded, but the 
bui lding is in need of all kinds of interior work and 
supplies before classes could start there last Spring, and 
the limited budget of the Center could not be used to 
remedy the situation. 

Annaloro says that "It's difficult to keep professors 
here because of the money situation." Apart from the 
$600.00 budget, the Center is totally dependent on the 
$15/ per quarter fee that all of its students pay, and that 
money still is insufficient to pay for salaries, additional 
potters' wheels, the outfitting and maintenance of the 
bUilding (which, although only 10 months old, is 
su ffering because of the weight of the potters' wheels) 
and, the purchase of glaze materials. 

The most urgently needed piece of equipment at the 
Center is another kiln, because, although the Center 
has two kilns already (one was built by volunteers for a 
fraction of its retail cost - it took a full month to build 
it, however) both kilns are in constant use, and with the 
increased proficiency of the student ceramicists, An-
naloro foresees students getting impatient because of 
t~ long lag between completing a piece and having it 
fi red. 

The Crafts Center has petitioned the Registration Fee 
Committee for funding, but has been informed that 
any money they get will be in the form of a loan that 
must be paid back in seven years. The $7,155.00 

~ quested would be used for a new kiln, money for the 
J welry and enameling programs, new potters' wheels 
(b caus of their high demand) and a pug mill to 

ycle some of the leftover and u~ble clay out of the 
ven tons used by the Center over the qUI" r. 

University of California, San Diego 

Some of the tield of current projects at the 
Ceramics Center. The Center's financial future is 
largely dependent on lab fees of their par-
ticipants, since other funding is currently not 
available. Photo Eastern 

Annaloro is concerned about setting a precedent 
about taking a loan future students will be obliged to 
pay. He has considered the paradoxica l decision of 
whether it's better to send students away, or whether 
he should increase the $15.00 lab fee he was never in 
favor of imposing anyway. . 

But on registration day, saysAannaloro, the crowd at 
the door convinces him that by involving the maximum 
amount of students, the Crafts Center can best serve 
the University Community. 

A course description of classes offered at the Craft 
Center can be found on page two along with registra-
tion information. 

Continued from right 
crime and still keep the campus as open as possible. 

All interviewed agreed that off-campus people com-
mit most of the crimes. The opportunities exist because 
UCSD is an open campus, easily accessible, and located 
near a major traffic area. All of the resident dans and 
the police trongly upport an open campus, however. 
Also, n w students in the dorms wer not aware of the 
security measures they needed to take to protect 
themselves. Now students are more willing to report 
suspicious people or cases of vandalism. 

Be ide a loss of personal property, many students 
pay for vandalism, through a loss of onvenient 
facilities (a in the case of women 's restrooms being 
closed during the night because of vandali m) or 
through actual loss of money, as in the case of a 
discharged fire extinguisher at Muir for whi h th 
students were made to pay. 

Friday, March 2, 1973 

Robbery at Revelle; 
Crime on Campus 

Laura Scudder 
Two students were threatened with a knife and 

robbed last Tuesday evening, shortly after 11 p.m., in 
the Revelle dorms, Argo and Meteor. The robbers stole 
a smoking pipe in the first robbery and stereo equip-
ment in the second. They threatened to take the 
second victim's life if the incident was reported. Their 
crime, armed robbery, is considered a high felony, in 
the same category as attempted murder and rape. 

According to the resident deans and Sergeant B.J. 
Mott of the UCSD police, there is generally a decrease 
in crime from the level at the beginning of this year. 
They feel there is greater cooperation of students in 
curtailing crime. All stated that the great majority of 
crimes are committE'd by off-campus people. 

Crimes most frequently committed are petty thefts, 
or thefts involving small items such as purses, wallet , 
personal valuables of students. These thefts occur with 
frequency in the gym and in the dorms. Bicycle theft 
has decreased greatly and the police thank better 
security measures employed by bike owners for this 
decrease. Grand theft, usually theft of expensive 
University equipment, was reported almo t as fre-
quently as petty thievery in January. Vandalism p rsists 
on all campuses. till , the amount of th se crimes has 
decreased since the first of the year. 

At Muir, the ampus with the highest incidence of 
crime, students are encouraged to report strangers in 
th dorms. P opl living in th dorms are asked to 
register their off-campu vi itors, mainly for afety in 
cas of an emerg ncy and also to protect tudents. The 
Muir Re id nt Dan, CI 0 Malon , tri s to edu at 
r id nts to the hazards of leaving door unlo ked and 
not reportin unfamiliar peopl in th dorm. Hand 
hi a sistant spread information abollt th fts wh n 
th y occur to al rt stud nts. 

In the Revell dorms, tud nts ar imilarly bing 
ducat d about th ft . R id nt D an Mary Pat 

notic gr at r coop ration on the part)f tudent in 
phoning in u p icion , 10 king room and in bing 
r ponsibl for prot ting th i, U\,\<II 1.'0 iOIl • 
Crim hav b om f w r a tud nt in th dorm 
I arn of th danger . 

Third Coli g is working to rl t r crim through th 
u of a hir d watchman Ie" p trol durin th ni ht. 
Crim in th dorm i pr tt mu h limit d to p It 
th ft . R id nt D an idn y la i tr in to pr v nt 

Continued at I ft 



S 
I~ 
IL' 

I~ 
Ie 
lr 

I~ 
. ,,;~ ... ' .=~ I() 
~ltil()ll?lr~ 

Film Festival 
, 

UCSD's Science Fiction Club with the aid of the 
Guest In Residence Committee, will sponsor a Fan 
Fantasy Film Festival beginning th is Sunday at 7:30 in 
USB 2722. The first film that will be shown is 
"Marooned", an Academy Award Winner for special 
effects. On the following Sunday, March 11, " Bell, 
Book and Candle" will be shown. Showings for next 
quarter will be announced at a later date. 50¢ admission 
will be charged at the door and all are invited to attend. 

Financial Aids 
The f inancial Aids Office is now processing 

applications for financial aid for the 1973-74 academic 
year. Although the stated deadline for these 
applications is March 15th, we are urging our students 
to complete the necessary documents and file im-
mediately. 

The coming year will be one of transition for Finan· 
cial Aid Offices throughout the country. Some existing 
Federal programs have been terminated, new Federal 
and Regents programs will be introduced. In order to 
assess funding requirements for next year, we must 
begin to analyze students' financial aid application 
immediately. 

Help us to help you by submitting your financial aid 
application at once. 

Odds and Ends 
The Cluster One Undergraduate Library is offering a 

leaflet concerning quotations. Information includes 
how to locate an appropriate quotation on a particular 

. su bject as well as how to trace the source of a particular 
quotation. Ask for it at the Reference Desk. 

Have you ever considered a career in recreational 
therapy? If you would like to know more about the 
field, you may want to attend a tour given by Dr. 
Patricia Lawrence, Director of Recreational Therapy at 
Mesa Vista Hospita l. You can sign up on the sheet on 
the Premed Bulletin Board on the 6th floor of building 
2D. The time and date of the tour will be announced. A 
caree r in Recreational Therapy does not require an 
M .D. degree. 

Women pre·meds are invited to attend a meeting 
with women physicians on March 7, at 7:30 p.m. A map 
and directions will be posted on the Pre-med Bulletin 
Board 6th floor, building 2D. 

171 tlmel e dey. Smile away 10 Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose. Sacramento, Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, and 
Long Beach. And return. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy-la-bear, low tare. PSA glv_ JOU • 11ft. 

Page 2 Triton Times Fri~ay, March 2, 1973 
I I c... t f \' \ J, 6 j . ~ 

Craft Center Courses, Offerings 
CREATIVE COPPER ENAMELING 

Exploring the basic techniques of 
firing glass on copper, at the begin-
ning level. The student will be ex-
posed to several differenl types and 
styles of enameling, with emphasis 
on the creative process, on pieces 
such as functional ware, enameled 
jewelry, and decorative panels. 3 
hours, no prerequisites, fee S15. 
INTRODUCTION TO CONTEM-
PORARY JEWELRY 

Beginning jewelry design. Ex-
ploration into the methods, ma-
terials, and aesthetics of jewelry. 
Course will cover historical con-
cerns of the jewelers art; proper-
ties of jewelry metals and meth-
ods of fabrication such as silver-
smith ing, casting, soldering, etc. ; 
design elements in relation to jew-
elry; integration of materials and 
presenting the finished piece. 3 
hours, no prerequisites, fee $15. 
BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY: DY-
NAMITE PHOTOS 

Beginning photography from the 
absolute basics. How to shoot 
stra ight and clean, fast and mean . 
How to print and present graphics 
for photographs, posters, graphic 
reproduction, postcards or whate-
whatever you want. Course con-
cerns will be with artistic as well as 
technical foundation in the photo-
graphic process. Students will need 
a camera (any ca mera is fine) for the 
first class. 3 hours, no prerequisites, 
fee $15. 

BEGINNING CERAMICS 
Sunday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Monday 9 a.m. to 12 noon 
Monday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Tuesday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Wednesday1 p.m. to 4 p.m. 
Thursday 10 a.in . to 1 p.m. 
Thursday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Thursday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. 

INTERMEDIATE CERAMICS 
Monday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. 
Tuesday 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
Wednesday10 a. m. to 1 p.m. 

ADVANCED CERAMICS 
Tuesday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. 
Wednesday7 p.m. to 10 p.m. 

I NTERMEDIATE PHOTOGRAPHY: 
PRINTING FOR THE NON-PRO-
FESSIONAL 

An access course with assign-
ments in practical problems of pho-
tography and graphic design . 
Teaching will cover many ways of 
printing posters, newsletters, an-
nouncement and greeting cards, 
etc. Lectures and problems in typo-
graphy, graphic design and layout, 
se lection and specification for ma-
ny processes. 3 hours. Prerequisite : 
background experience in photo-
graphic printing. Fee $15. 
BEGINNING CERAMICS 

An introductory course to clay 
glazes and the ceramic process. 
Class will cover historical and aes-
thetic background and current 
trends in the ceramic art. Instruc-
tion will be centered around the 
fundamenta ls of clay forming tech-
niques with emphasis on the potters 
wheel. 3 hours, no prerequisite, fee 
$15. 
INTERMEDIATE CERAMICS 

Continuation of beginning ce-
ramics. Students will be dealing with 
form and its relation to function, 
clay construction techniques, in-
troduction to glaze composition 
and mixing, ki ln theory and load-
ing. 3 hours. Prerequisi te : ability to 
center and throw simple shapes. Fee 
$15. 
ADVANCED CERAMICS 

Covers throwing large pieces, 
production potting, glaze formula-

tion and all areas of ceramic studio 
practices, along with individual stu· 
dies in the ceramic art form as it re -
lates to personal aesthetics. 3 hours. 
Prerequisite : departmental appro-
val. Fee $15. 
KILN BUILDING, CONSTRUC-
TION, DESIGN AND THEORY 

Investigation and application in 
design and construction of perio-
dic ceramic kilns. Aimed at increas-
ing understanding of the firing pro-
cesses and helping potters in the 
foundation of their own home stu-
dio/ workshop. Class will cover 
loading and fir ing techniques, brick 
making, commercicommercial reo 
fractories, burner construction, and 
kiln maintenance. Students will par-
ticipate in building both updraught 
and downdraught kilns, a sa lt kiln, 
and raku kilns. Prerequisite : inter-
est and elementary knowledge of 
ceramics. Fee : $15 or concurrent 
enrollment in ceramics workshop. 
KILN LOADING AND FIRING 
TECHNIQUES 

A seminar in the practical aspects 
of kiln loading, firing, and related 
areas. Students will address prob-
lems of kiln managemanagement 
and be responsible for loading and 
firing both bisque and glaze kilns at 
the Craft Center. Time : Two even-
evening meetings. Prerequisite: ele-
mentary knowledge of cera mics. 
Fee : $15 or concurrent enrollment 
in ceramics workshop. 
Times and Professors listed below : 

INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN 
Bob Hodges 
Bill Obershulte 
Bill Obershulte 
John Annaloro 
John Annaloro 
Linda Fuchs 
Bob Hodges 
Earle Freeman 

Bill Obershulte 
John Annaloro 
John Annaloro 

CERAM ICS TBA John Annaloro 
CREATIVE COPPER ENAMELING 
Tuesday 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. M ichael Monford 
Wednesday6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Michael Monford 

INTRODUCTION TO CONTEMPORARY JEWELRY 
Tuesday 9 a.m. to 12 noon Ron Carlson 
Tuesday 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Ron Carlson 
Thursday 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Ron Carlson 

.1NT.ERMEDIATE A'ND ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY 
Monday 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. Rex Hehmann 

BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY 
Monday 2 p,m. to 5 p.m. Rex Heitmann 

John Annaloro 
John Annaloro Safeway Boycott 

Farm Workers Drive The Safeway Boycott has grown out of the struggles of the United Farm Workers to organize lettuce 
workers. Safeway, the second largest grocery chain in 
the country, has contr ibuted large sums of money in 
support of Proposition 22, which would have effective-
ly outlawed the United Farm Workers. Safeway refuses 
to negotiate with the United Farm Workers and en-
courages farmer-owners (many of whom are closely 
tied to Safeway - the producers of La Mesa Wine, for 
example, Safeway's house brand, owns a great deal of 
farm land in California) to do the same. 

The United Farm Workers Food Drive has been 
postponed till March 10. Striking farmworkers in EI 
Centro are in serious need of food and clothi ng to 
maintain their st rike against the d'Ariggio Brothers 
Farms. Local MECHAS and other Chicano groups are 
organizing a ca rava n to EI Centro to bring supplies 
donated by the San Diego community. 

The following items are needed : 
Flour Rice 
Sugar Bath Soap 
Pinto Beans Lard 

Detergent 
Coffee 
Clothes in 
good condition 

Powdered Milk Evaporated Milk Shoes in 
good condit ion (for both children and adults) 

ALL CONTRIBUTIONS SHOULD BE BROUGHT TO THE 
NORTH STAR OFFICE. 

Anyone interested in either donat i ng food, 
vo lunteering services in driving the food to EI Centro 
or helping to picket a Safeway should contact the 
United Farm Workers at 453-9061 . 

Little 
o.~­
Pia 
11-eat 

We take phone orders 

Phone 453-6455 
3943 Governor Drive 

UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Gene.see 
20% off for UCSD 

Students with ID cards 

Picketjng of Safeways in La Jolla, Pacific Beach and 
Ocean Beach continues every Friday, Saturday and 
Sunday afternoon. The Radical Coalition is beginning a 
picket of the Solana Beach Safeway (Lomas Santa Fe 
Shopping Center) this Sa turday and Sunday (March 3 
and 4) from 10 a.m. to about 4 p.m. The Radical 
Coa lition urges all members of the North County 
community to support them. JOIN THE PICKET LINE. 
DON'T SHOP AT SAFEWAY. 

Anyone interested in more information can call the 
United Farm Workers at 453-9061 . 

SCUBA LESSONS 
, 

$4500 PERSON 
$6000 COUPLE 

(boy·girl) 
ALL EQUIPMENT 

FURNISHED 
(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 

LECTURES 
POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

635 PEARL ST., LA IOLLA 459-6841 

Low Blows 

and 
Cheap Shots' 

Slagnet-Part One 
Ed Simons 

(This is the city. Los Angeles, California. Two million 
people live here. There is, according to recent surveys, 
about 1.3 cars per person in the area. With all those 
cars, some plants are bound to get trampled. 

That's why I'm here . 
My name's Joe Friday. I carry a grudge.) 
(Chorus of trombones : "Dah-d-dah-dah.") 
I an my partner, Bland Pieface, were working the day 

watch on the Herbicide Division. The boss is George 
("The") Lout. 

It was payday, about two o'clock. Bland and I were 
taking our protection money from various merchants. 
One, a grocer, wouldn ' t pay up. 

"Look, fella," I said, catching his eye with a rubber 
hose, "we know yoa've got relatives in Obispo! Want 
to get a singing telegram?" 

The grocer considered. " What key?" 
I caught his other eye. 
" Don't give me no lip!" 
It wasn' t long before the grocer told us the truth. 

Career-Education 
Planning Services 

Charlie Heimler 
Career-Education Planning Services is concerned 

with helping UCSD students in making the transit ion 
from the University to graduate and professional 
schools and into the work force. 

Staffed by Acting Director Mort Shaevitz, Maxine 
Bailey and Jean Parks, CEPS provides counseling servi-
ces, an occupational library and written material to 
students who are interested. 

CEPS also arranges on·campus interviews with 
employers, Lists of these interviews are posted on 
various bulletin boards around campus and at the CEPS 
office, 6th Floor, Building 2D, Muir College. 

Career-Education Planning Services is concerned 
with developing in students a "responsible search" in 
finding out what to do after graduation. According to 
Maxine Bailey, too many students wait until halfway 
through their senior year before beginning to look for 
a career. CEPS tries to remove some of the chaos in the 
planning of post graduation courses of action. 

CEPS has developed collection of written materials 
to help students with career selection problems. They 
feel that the greatest number of students can be helped 
by the use of these self-help materials . 

This literature includes papers on Career planning : 
Information for Students Seeking A Career in 
Medicine, Dentistry, and other Health Professions; the 
Job Market; Em"loyer Research, and Job Hunting; Job-
Seeking Techniques and a questionnaire used by CEPS 
for evaluation and job placement. This material can be 
obtained at the CEPS office. 

- -
-

- -;-

Apparently, someone had been destroying the crops. 
He was short because he barely broke even. He said he 
suspected it was the work of a man whom he used to 
employ, a guy named Peters - Salt Peters. 

(Chorus of tenor bullfrogs : "Dah-da-dah-dah.") 
We moved fast. 
"Well, I guess we'd better go get him, Joe." 
" I guess 50, Bland." 
"So who pulls his record?" 
" Why don't we fl ip for itl" 
"Okay," he said. 
I won the toss. 
"Two out of three?" asked Bland. 
" Sure," I said. Again I won . 
Bland got the file and we went to work. He read half 

of the file and I read the other hal f. We compared 
notes over coffee at the Brown Derby. 

"Now," Bland began, "we know he flies planes, 
right?" 

" Yeah," I agreed. 
"So all we have to do is requisition a few bazookas 

from the armory and shoot him down." 
" How do we know which plane Is his?" I countered. 
Bland though about this for a moment; then his face 

brightened. 
" Well , if we shoot 'em all down, we're bound to get 

himl " 
Even I cou ld see the holes in that strategy. " 1 don't 

think 50, Bland." 
Bland looked troubled . " Why not'?" 
" We've only got one bazooka." 
(Chorus of 3,000 gypsy violins : "Dah-da-dah-dah.") 
At 1 :45 the next day, we received a call from the 

owner of a private hangar in the valley. He reported 
that someone he had never seen before was using his 
hangar. 

We rushed to the scene to try and shoot him before 
he got away. We were too late. 

I spotted the owner and we went to speak to him. 
" Mr. Wei ner?" 
He turned. "Yes?" 
" Pol ice officers. I'm Friday and this is Pieface." 

"What took you excrement 50 long?" Weiner was 
outraged. " I'm outraged !" he said. 

"You ever heard the one about 'where are the cops 
when you need them ', Mr. Winer?" 

" Yeah . So what?" 
" Well , it's true. " 
His jaw dropped. 
"Could you show us where this man was and what he 

was doing?" asked Bland. 
Weiner jerked his head, motioning for us to follow. 

He led us to the hangar shaking his head. 
We went inside the build ing and poked around for 

awhile. 
" Is' anything missing, Mr. Weiner?" 
"No," he mumbled, " but he left quite a bit of his 

own SlUff here." 
"Yeah? What, for instance?" 
He pointed for an answer. 
Then I noticed it: A twelve foot pile of white powder 

in the center of the hangar. 
" Hey, Bland !" I yelled. "Come 'ere and take a look." 
I examined the stuff while he was coming. It was a 

fine white, crystalline powder. Bland came up. 
"What's up?" he asked. 
" What 's it look like to you?" 
Bland rubbed a little bit between his thumb and 

forefinger . He tasted it, then put a pinch on the first 
joint of his index finger and sniffed. 

" It looks to me like a fine, white, crystalline powder." 
"Yeah," I said. " Let's take a little for the lab boys to 

look at." 
We left. 
We got back to the station around 3:00. Bland signed 

us in an I took the sample to the lab. I went back to t 
the office and by the time the secretary had made out a 
list of chemical suppliers, the lab had an answer. 

" Well," asked Bland, " what is it?" 
The chemist rubbed his chin. "It's a fine, white, 

crysta lline powder closely resembling-" 
Bland and I still ha\le arguments about who hit him 

first . 
(String trio of Louis Armstrong, Tommy Dorsey, and 

H.R. Haldeman : " Dah-da-dah·dah.") 

CAR£ER-iDVC.T\ON PL"N"\~~ SE~v~tS CC£PS) 
MUI~, BL~G. 20, [Xl'. 2~O I 

-

1. P,AO 
MAQI( ,EMPLOYER 
IlESEARCH .. JOB HUNTING ' 
AND REFER l'0 THE SOUtlCES 6, 
EMPLOVE:Q IN.O. MENTIONED 
l'HtRE. * 

2. SE[ INro. ON U'o\?\.OV. IQ£NDS L 
<;ALI<1lV SURvEyS ... 

3. BROWSE ~ GI-I EMPLOvER 
BQOCHURES • C<l..lEGE PUCEMEN 

~ UAL .ll 

1. READ UPS PAP(R "U'OE TO CAQH~ Pl'-NINe ' 
ANO O'I\\£R Rl~. MA.'(RI"'L_ * 

2. PARTICIPAIE IN /I. CROUP WITH 0IH(R SIUI)E\HS 
WHO All\: MA(Ih' SIMILAR OECISIONS. (" 

3 . SEE CCUNSElII'IG L PSYCHOlOGICAL SlRVICES (C .PS) 
ABOUT 11-1[111. VOCATIONAL COUNS£LItlG 'MlQI(SHOPS -

f>'tl1 FLOOR,BLDG. 20, MUIR. 

4. EXPLORE AIIEAS cr INTER(SI B'f : 
CI. . READING OCSCQIPTIONS ($ OCCUPATIONS 
b. INIEll'IIll:WltIG OOSER\lltIG P£OPL£ \N()QI(ING 

IN l'HOSE CUPAIIONS. (" 
~ AVAILASLE IN ((PO; LISRARY "tHlOOQ. 8l.DO. 20. MUIR, (" mil hlQ HER INFOQI.\ATt0t4, PLEAS[ INQUIQE AT eEPS . 

- --

- -

1. IIEAO c(PS PAP£R • 
• J oe SEEKING nCHS •• _ --C;". 

2. CI-IECK CU, OTI-IER 
INFO. ON JOB 
I-IUNTING STllAT'GES .lt 

3.TtLHQI(I'IOS ycu'QE 
J08 HuNTING 

4. FOllOW OTHER <;UG-
GE5TIO 5 IN SECi'ION 

" \llHEl<t Ai<t IHE JOSS ? ' -
IN C(PS PAPER - ' H[ JOS 

MAQ~( , EMPLOYER RE-
SEARCH ~ JOS HUN1ING.' lt 

Campus Programming ~oard presents I 
I 

~--a--. -..... CI~~,"~ L~() 
ROD RODGERS 

DANCE 
COMPANY 

a dynamic Black dance group 
8:00 P.M. UCSD GYM Friday, March 2, 1973 
St.OO UCSD Student 52.00 Faculty / lalf $3.00 General Admissi()n 

- -- - -

- - -

I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
t 
t 

'4-4 t ;"\I:NrT UN [tr. 4 
J ()U) M()VI~§ 

now playing 

Dodge City 
(1941) 

Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland 

plus 
Sinclair Lewis' 

BABBITT 
Sund.lY r.tOl.inreI Stud nl Oisc:oun. 

10. OUke open OIl 5:lO 488-3353 

Page '.3 Friday, March 2, 1973 Tritol1 Times 



Bac Your Car Outta 
My CSarag~ Sale I 
Can't Take The Gas 

or 
Critic Bites Back 

and Artist 
Bites Back 

Martha RosIer 

Although weary of controversy, I take 
up the gauntlet, throw my tattered 
kimono about me, and have a go at 
seriousness. 
. 1. It is pretty common for artists to 
have critics snapping at their heels, 
telling them how to make art. Often 
these critics wind up hurriedly ushering 
in through the front door of the Halls of 
Art what they were kicking out the back 
only a short time before . An old, well-
known problem. That's because live art 
is usually out scouting around in un-
known territory whereas most critics 
recognize only the ground they grew up 
on . 

2. Artists usually practice for years in 
their studios before "showing," but 
critics may print just about anyth ing they 
write. To make art, then, you have to 
practice making art. To make criticism, it 
seems, you need only practice writing -
What I Did on My Vacation, account 
sheets, and so on. Language skills and 
su bject-matter competence are not 
identical, however. It is a conceit of our 
culture, perhaps, that criticism can take 
the stance " I mal riot know much about 
art, but I know "hat I like to say about 
it." Okay, but w""y foist it off on me? I 
can respond to my own opinions 
without having to read yours. Art is not 
technology, and aking rt i~ not like 
making a car or c refrigerator, where the 
consumer (thecreticallyl) gets to say 
what's good or bad about it and the 

ngineer tries t,) djust it accordingly. 
That is not the k nd of social integration 
art should seek. 'Creativity" within such 
circumscribed li'Tlits can hardly be very 
interesting, since its aims - customer 
satisfaction (again th oretically) - are so 
constricting. Art is a service profession 
only in the largest sense of working for 
rath r than against humankind. 
Unschool d, unreflective criticism that 

ks to dictate precisely d limited nds 
(and usually means) is pr tty much of a 
plagu . 

In the TRITON TIMES of Feb. 23, 1973, 
we find two people, Dijkstra and Michel, 
defending their critical stances in the 
face of the artists' replies . Michel's state-
me nt is the nakeder, less prettified . It 
takes the - reasonable - position that 
each critic must find her or his own 
critical voice but ignores the possibility 
of finding out something about art 
before publishing. She says " ... if the 
critic does not find and use some of his 
[sic] own adjectives in describing what 
he has been shown, then he becomes a 
mere echo of a multitude of descriptive 
phrases or words that, quite honestly, he 
finds to be a hodgepodge of worthless 
information." What an idea I Does 
criticism consist of adjectives? Does it 
amount to description? Most criticism I 
read is prescription - I wish, often, that 
tbe critic had stuck to description . 
Michel goes on: "What I do ask myself, 
when I am confronted with an art piece, 
are (sic] these questions : What is it? 
How is it made? And most importantly, 
how does it affect me as a person? The 
first two questions are easy to answer 
and might be called the objective aspect 
of a critic's review. The last question is 
more difficult to answer and requires a 
totally honest response. This is the sub-
jective aspect of my review ... " 

3. I am interested to see how quickly 
Mic.hd gets rid of those first two 
qu stions: What is it? How is it made? To 
me those two questions are far more 
interesting than the last (essentially I 
don't much care how the art "affects" 
the critic as viewer; I care how it affects 
me) . I suggest that Michel and Dijkstra 
and many other viewers have ,often, only 
the vaguest idea "what it is" or "how it is 
made." They don't even begin to ask 
What do s it do and What is it supposed 
to do? That is, What is it about, what is it 
commu nicating , and how? These 
qu stions ar really contain d within the 
oth rs, y t one would not guess it from 
the tr atment they get . I quote Michel's 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, March 2, 1973 

• • opinion 
ALTIIIN"-IVI nATU"" UIWICI 

The opinions e.pressed on the .. poges or. those of the authors whose na",.. appear in the bylines and do not 
ne<:essorily rollect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published on these pages 
should send it to the Editorial Directar, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Hall, UCSD. 

statement because it is paradigmatic of 
much of the response to art. People 
often seem to do the best they can to 
preserve their innocence about what 
cu rrent art could possibly be doing; they 
are more comfortable with the art of the 
past (as with movies) simply because 
they have grown up with a readymade 
set of attitudes. The art of the present, 
which is the only ongoing, live issue in 
art, is always more problematical and 
requires more exposure, attention, and 
thought than many people are willing to 
give. That's their choice, but why write 
about it? 

Implied in such reviews is the idea that 
any response (but especially an 
emotional one) that can be put into 
words is valuable for the world to 
receive and that, moreover, the artist 
should take such responses as correc-
tives. Why do some critics imagilile that 
they can prescribe what artists should do 
and how they must do it on the basis 
simply of their own prejudices? As artist 
I present you with an experience to 
which you mayor may not respond 
favorably but which, hopefully, you will 
respect. I do not try to dictate what the 
critic must do or how it must be done. 
(Not usually, anyway.) Dijkstra even goes 
so far as to say that my art, which she 
does not like, is not art. I don't like her 
criticism particularly, but do I tell her it is 
not criticism? 

4. Since Dijkstra didn't get my basic 
point - that art is a species of reality -
let me make it again . Art and reality do 
not share a relationship of identity. Art is 
a subset of reality; reality encompasses 
more than art. Reality, I repeat, is not 
art, life is not art. Art is, however, reality; 
art is life. You know. Like a square is a 
rectangle but a rectangle is not a square. 
Simple? The imagined "i nconsistencies" 
in my position evaporate with some 
attention to logic - hierarchical 
ordering. 

I maintain, again, that excluding "art" 
from "reality" constitutes a willful mis-
use of the word "reality." Just as it is a 

. willful, if poetic, misuse of the word 
"natural" to say that Nixon's bombing is 
not natural. The bombing, the war, is not 
nice, it is horrible, reprehensible, ugly, 
deplora b Ie , mu rderous, crim i na I, 
despicable, unforgivable, hideous, 
revolting, ugly, vile, and sickening , but it 
happens in the real world, by real, not 
metaphysical means, and so can't be 
" unnatural." I don't believe in the "un-
natural" because I dismiss th implied 
theory of th natural entirely. "Un-
natural" used to describe the war (and 
implying that my art is som who like 
Nixon's acts is just illy) is a kind of 

poetic metaphor. It is used to express 
disapproval. Distinguishing between art 
and reality, or art and life, I was trying to 
say, is polemicai and judgmental also, 
and usually has as its purpose the 
weakening of art and its conversion to 

form~l(ist) exercises. 
5. For the record, I was never "at pains 

to explain" that my Garage Sale was "not 
Nature but art." Why would I be so 
illogica l in print? I had just spent 

'paragraphs debunking the idea that art 
isn't reality and drawing a parallel 
between the use of the distinctions art-
reality and unnatural-natural. Should I 
then say my art was " unnatural"? (If I did 
I would be using the word in a very 
different sense.) Nonsensel I said it 
wasn't "naive" and it wasn't an object . 

' 6. What does Nixon's mandate to 
recycle the poor (Does such a thing 
exist? What does it mean?) have to do 
with my Garage Sale? Is the implication 
that I am politically conservative? I find 
the idea humorous. What makes my art a 
private game? I thought it was a public 
event. I was pretty straightforward about 
what it was. Does Sandy Dijkstra's or Kris 
Michel's "subjective" response to art 
determine whether art is really art or a 
private (nona rt, in Dijkstra's terms) 
"game"? (Assuming that games are 
something bad or unserious.) Refer back 
to paragraph 3 for a brief discussion of 
the critic's sensibility as the determiner 
of legitimacy in art . 

My "Garage Sale" objectified (made 
visible in Dijkstra's terms) the facts of 
human interaction and transaction in 
our cu lture . What ·more cou ld one ask? I 
ca n' t help it if people are so immersed in 
the soup that they can't see it even when 
they and it are, figuratively speaking, put 
into somewhat separate containers. I 
refuse to coerce, rape, or whatever. I 
expect the sentient, feeling entity I am 
addressing to do some of its own work, 
as I said. I( you want something instant 
th at will "free us from our habits of 
perception," I suggest LSD or peyote. At 
I ast, though, the Marcusan injunction 
that art must " name that which is 
absent" (emphasis added) has dropped 
outl Now art need only make visible. As 
to "showing the way out" - must I 
redesign the culture, tool Maybe my 
next work will do itl 

6. Art is - to quote myself - "an 
agreement, tacit or stated, between at 
least one individual (the 'viewer') and 
one life experience." NOT between the 
artist and the spectator. (Please read 
more ca refullyl) Just like baseball ain't 
baseball to you unless you agree to the 
rules. That doesn't mean that the people 
throwing balls at bats have disappeared. 
My quoted statement had nothing to do 
with art's being real. Like the baseball 
game, art is just as real if you decide not 
to see it as art - it is still there (pace 
Bishop Berkeley). At the si mplest level, 
art is that part of reality designated as 
art; thus the content of the domain art is 
not fixed but can shift if your agreement 
with its constituents shifts. (Which 
do sn't mean that my agreement with it 
shifts, though.) Please notice, also, that I 

Continued on pile 10 

Flight of 
the Phoenix 
Reappears 
Over Campus 
Editor : 

Is it springtime or what? 
The flight of the Phoenix 
somehow has once again 
appeared over the Mat-
thews campus where the 
Third college of UCSD is 
sti ll in its embryonic stages . 
The ashes of the Lamumba-
Zapata Demands are be-
ing stirred up, after laying 
dormant since the Spring 
Quarter, 1972. The Gener-
al Assembly of Third con-
vened to discuss the prob-
lems that they are facing in 
the areas of Programs and 
thei r development into de-
partmental status, the fu-
tu re of funding for stu-
dents and the college in 
general, the status of the 
faculty, student an.d facul-
ty recruitment and the re-
latio nship of Fourth 
college to Third. 

It was duri ng the cold 
and damp Spring Quarter, 
1972, clouded by the mis-
gui ded views of people 
both on and off campus 
who felt that it was all just a 
racial issue, that the Board 
of Di rectors (the then gov-
erning body of the college, 
consisting of the Provost, 
two faculty members and 
three students) was dis-
so lved due to the stale-
mate decisions on the en-
largement of the Board and 
facul ty appointments: 'Thjs 
is all past history now as are 
a lot of the other issues sur-
rou nding the formulation 
of Lamumba-Zapata 
College. The files of the 
Provost office and the ad-
ministration offices are 
fi lled with the memos , 
letters, minutes and drafts 
that cou ld provide anyone 
with the real facts that have 
ladened down the growth 
of the college. 

There are many issues 
that the college must deal 
with before it becomes a 
fu ll fledged member of this 
academic community. The 
major issue as was proven 
by the fou nders of the 
college and the Lamumba-
Zapata Steering Commit-
tee during the spring of 
1972 was differ-
ences in the philosophies 
of education of the pre-
se nt administ ration and-
that of the majority of the 
college. Afterall, as the slo-
gan went, "2/3 of 
Lamu mba-Zapata College 
ca n't be wrong ... " (includ-
ing the faculty, some of 
whom have been asked to 
leave). Or can they be 
wrong? Then WHY the 
General Assembly? 

The real question that 
surfaces from the ocean of 
controversy is then, can 
Lam umba-Zapata College 
ex ist against the estab-
lish d forces that have un-
dermined its essential sur-
Vival? 

E.K., L-Z 5< • .,ior 

Students 
Bearing Too 
Much of 
Financial 
Burden 
Editor: 

Having r ad th I tt r in 
last Friday's TT by Mr. Eric 
Bierbrauer, I see that I must 
offer my apologies to Mr. 

Holly Holmes. I have been 
under the apparently mis-
taken impression that Mr. 
Holmes is responsible for 
food prices, and I see I'm 
wrong. 

However, Mr. Bierbrau -
er's letter I still find no real 
explanation of the coffee 
price increase, except that 
it is part of a uniform price 
schedule that still, sche-
dule or not, provides for a 
600 per cent increase in the 
price of a student commo-
dity at UCSD. 

Perhaps I should say that 
I have viewed with dismay 
the general picture of pri-
ces in all UCSD affairs. 
Some are obvious, like the 
bookstore's st ickers on top 
of lower prices printed on 
their books. Some are less 
obvious, like the general 
decrease in parking spaces 
on Muir, accompanied by 
an increase in spaces re-
served for "A" sticker 
parking. (If the sticker I 
bought last fall will now 
only allow me into fewer 
and more distant parking 
spaces, I at least, consider it 
like either a price increase 
or a decrease in services for 
the same prices , which a-
mounts to the same thing .) 
In any case, I am disturbed 
about what seems to be a 
situation in which the stu-
dents on this campus al-
ways seem to bear the bur-
den of financial situations 
that they are not responsi-
ble for. 

Again, my apologies to 
Mr . Holmes, who I 
wronged in my last letter, 

. I.~s} . Tyesday. P~rhap's: o -
ther students ' might be 
concerned eno ugh about 
prices to write and create a 
forum on the subject 'of 
student finances. 

Sincerely, 
Tim Colling 

Ms. Diikstra's 
Letter 
Disturbing 
Editor: 

Sandy Dijkstra's article 
bothered me or, more pre-
cise ly, the lack of logic in 
an article about others' in-
consistencies bothered me. 
Regarding her first para-
graph, she seems troubled 
by the definide-definition 
of art as what the artist and 
the spectator! participant . 
define as art. This defini-
tion certainly admits most 
art, although it may not 
winnow out all non-art. 
Getting to the point, "a 
certain inconsistency" of 
Ms. Rosier, the statement 
that art is a conspiracy no 
more contradicts the state-
ment that art is reality than 
the statements that art 
is truth or art is green do. 

That art shouldn't be 
"caged" probably meant 
that art s hould not 
be circumscribed by strin -
gent defin itions such as Art 
sho u Id be " . .. pri va te 
games (which) touch un-
lightly on public scores and 
expose them." That art is 
"framed" probably means 
that the recognition of an 
object, event, idea, etc. as 
art ("framing") should call 
forth different perceptive 
fa ulties that ar typica lly 
used in not getti ng hit 
while crossi ng the stre t . 

Ms. Dijk tra quibbl s 
about nalUral. Perhaps Pre-
sident Nixon is not like 
most of us, a higher ani-
mal, and perhaps his ca l-
culated plans are not mere-
ly the workings of an am-

phibian mind magnified by 
evolution and perhaps 
everything (Oh hyperbo-
le!) that Ms. Dijkstra thinks 
is wrong with the world is 
"unnatura!." It is very dif-
Hcult to hew out a defini-
tion of natural from space 
between "That which is", 
and "That which is conso-
nant with one's own na-
ture." Not knowing Ms. 
Dijkstra, I ca nnot say whe-
ther or not she has suc-
ceeded. 

As for the rest of her 
letter, I've exhausted my 
supp ly of spleen except to 
say that people with politi -
cal and social axes to grind 
usually cut themselves 
when they go after art and 
philosophy although art-
ists and philosophers (Dic-
kens, Marcuse, etc.) often 
mean social and political 
axes . There is room for 
" private games" in art , 
there is room for social cri-
ticism , there is enough 
room for Bach and Brecht . 

Craig Nelson 

Warning: 
Complacency 
May Be 
Hazardous 
Editor: 

Those of us who worked , 
voted, or just hoped for the 
passage of Proposition 20 
last fall cannot assume that 
the job is done. Develop-
ers, land speculators, and 
their unresting profes-
sional representatives have 

,,"ot .beer ~topp'ed_ in th.eir 
plans to line our coast with 
shopping centers, tract 
housing, and parking lots. 
The public conservation in-
terests have been gigiven a 
delaying action and re-
gional commissions by Pro-. 
position 20 to assess the 
impact of coastal develop-
ments. This means no-
thing, however, without 
continued responsible ac-
tion by the public and its 
representarepresentatives 
on these com missions . 
Certilin ly not all develop-
ments may be harmful to 
the coastal deenviron-
ment. But those that threa-
ten the public interrest 
must be exposed to the 
commissions and respon-
sible action taken in pre-
venting the deterioration 
of the public's coastal re-
sources. 

The San Diego Coast Re-
gional Commission is 
meeting Friday, March 2nd 
at 9:30 a.m. in Room B 109 
of 1350 Front Street, San 
Diego. The fate of most 01 
San Diego County's pre-
cious lagoons, sloughs, and 
estuaries may well be de-
cided during this meeting. 
Th e mere presence of " the 
public" at this meeting may 
serve as a healthy remin-
der to our representatives 
on the commiss ion . The 
meeting should be long 
and drawn out, but the ci-
vic insight and ultimate re-
ward shou ld be worth your 
participation. 

John E. Cromwell 
Del Mar, Californi~ 

UCSD Women 
Sexist 
Concerning 
Action? 
Editor: 

I read with int re t th 
letter from UC 0 Women 
concerning Affirmative Ac-
tion (T.T. 2/27). They ex-

press disappointment that 
with 13 per cent of doctor-
ates going to women, the 
percentage of UCSD Wo-
men faculty is only 3.7 per 
cent. They contrast this to 
the "positive results" of 
minority faculty hiring 
whereby 1 per cent of 
those receiving doctorates 
are minorities but UCSD is 
12.4 per cent minority fa-
culty. As a Caucasian male 
graduate student, al-
though of ancestry which 
makes me some sort of mi-
nority I'm sure, I would like 
to add my protest against 
Affirmativ Action . Ac-
cording to UCSD Women, 
"60 per cent of all new re-
gular faculty appoint-
ments last year went to 
Caucasian males." Using 
the appropriate fig ures, I 
see that about 86 per cent 

Worship Services 
10 A.M . Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

Chu 

of doctorates went to Cau-
casian male s. I protest 
strongly the suggestion to 
intentionally further widen 
this "Caucasian Gap." How 
about Affirmative Action 
where the best qualified 
person is hired? If I can't 
cut it compared to ano-
ther applicant, well, I ca n 
accept that. But if UCSD 
Women think it's fair to 
possibly deny me what I've 
earned the right to, be-
cause "m no/ a woman, 
the n I say they are sexists in 
the fullest sense of the 
word . Somehow the no-
tion of ending discrimina-
tion through discrimina-
tion sou nds a lot like "de-
stroying the village to save 
it. " 

R. Guza 
SIO 

What's Going 
On Up There? 
Editor: 

Last Sunday, it being a 
beautiful day, I was sitting 
around the fountain in the 
Revelle Plaza . I happened 
to look up and saw an 
object hovering in the sky. 
As of now, it is still there. I 
am baffled as to what it 
could be. My physical 
friends told me that it was 
physically impossible for a 
kite to stay up that long 
due to changi ng wind con-
ditions. 

I am beginning to ques-
tion my sanity. 

I would appreciate con-
firmation of my observa-
tion and suggestion~ as to 
what the damn thing could 
be. Michael Cantor 

Interim Pastors: 
Herbert Albrecht 
Paul Gabrielsen 

Nels Oas 

Page 5 Friday, March 2, 1973 Triton Times 



-o.on"~.LA. T,-" 
-Joy Cock • • Time ",-<Ino 

...,judiIII Crll •• NBC-TV 
-PouID.Z_. __ 

"THE BEST 
FEATURE RLM 
OF THE YEAA!' 

- Vincent Canby. N.V. Times 

"BEST DIRECTOR 
- LUIS BUNUEL!' 
- National ~iety 

01 Film Crltlea 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

17 
CONVENIENT 
LOCATIONS 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER 
THIS COUPON WORTH ONE 

FREE CHAR-BURGER 
WITH PURCHASE OF ONE AT 
OUR REGULAR PRICE OF 49C 

(TOASTED SESAME EGG BUN, TASTY LARG E 8tH 
PA1TY, TOPPED WITH f RESH LEnUCE. TOMA10, 
AND OUR sPECIA L SAUCE .I 

GOOD AT AN'" OF OUR 17 LOCATIONS 
ElIp;r" 

April 'S, '913 

Stanford MBA 
REPRESENTATIVE 

COMING TO CAMPUS 
WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 7 

Admissions representa ti ves will be on campus to 
speak to women students. pr imarily. but also with 
any other students who are interested in the Master 
of Business Adm inistration Program at Stanfe'd. 

Appointments may be made through 
The Career Education Planning Services 

The Stanford MBA program is a two-year general 
management course of studies designed for highly 
Qualified men and women who have majored in 
liberal arts. humanities. science. or engineering. and 
wish to develop management skills to meet the broad 
responsibil ities which will be required in both the 
privat e and public sectors in the future. 

THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 

Stanford. Cal i fornia 94305 

CLOSE-OUT 
ON 

I 

INSTANTYPE 
OUR 

ENTIRE STOCK 
LI~, PRI CE $1 .80 

99¢ ASHEET 
LARGE SELECTION 

OF TYPE AVAILABLE 

University Bookstore 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, March 2,1973 

Bunuet's Bourgeoisie 
Clirrie Rkkey 

"Bourgeois morality, is for me, amoral," says director Luis Bunuel, "because it is 
based upon extremely unjust institutions : religion, nationalism, the family, and other 
pillars of society." 

In his latest film, "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeosie", Bunuel casual ly but 
trenchantly decimates these pillars of a French bishop, the ambassador to France 
from a politically torn South American country, and two married couples whose 
peripheral business includes competing with the M~rseilles .mar~et in cocai.ne 
dealing, and these pillars collapse on the vacuous albeit charming lives of the SIX. 

Bunuel claims that he has "always followed the surrealist precept - that 
prostitution of art is not excused by having to eat," and he punishes his six bourgeois 
protagonists for their social and intellectual prostitution by repeatedly bri.nging th~m 
to a meal and not allowing them to partake of the food because of their paranoia. 

Paranoia during tf)eir waking hours would be sufficient punishment for this slimily 
elegant sextet, but they are also plagued by their own nightmares and the bleak 
dream/ nightmares of a young soldier whose revelations are smoothly interpolated 
into the film. . 

The nightmares of the principals predictably deal with their attendance ~t social 
events where they never quite get to the food because of the obseSSive and 
defensive nationalism of Fernando Rey or because of their lack of knowledge of 
what they're supposed to say when they find themselves at a dinner party that turns 
into the stage of a theatre. 

The offbeat dreams and nightmares of various characters of the film are fittingly 
organic: a policeman whos~ prize arrest of the year is the i.ncar~e~ation of. the six 
cocaine-dealing bourgeoiSie dreams that a VICtor Hugolsh sinister polacema n 
releases the prisoners. Upon waking from his nap the officer)earns that diplomatic 
strings have been pulled and that his prize catch will have to be set free. Hungry 
Fernando Rey dreams of a mass slaughter of his friends at a dinner party (executed. by 
the rival Marseilles dealers) while he crouches beneath the banquet table munching 
on a leg of lamb. 

The three quietly rapacious bourgeois women (Delphine Seyrig, Stephane Audran 
and Bulle Ogier) make all the proper moves and, of cou rse in their proprietous 
(proper?) fashion of taking tea in the afternoon, they are denied tea, coffee, and 
even water by the management who insists that they just ran out of the three 
beverages. Seyrig puts an end to the tea tete-a-tete by running off for a properly 
restrained afternoon affair with Fernando Rey. Nothing the bourgeois attempt -
from the eating of a meal through having an affair, or the simple taking of tea - can 
be completed without some obstacle, and the affair is truncated by the ringing of a 
doorbell - Seyrig's husband coming to visit Rey for further smuggling discussions. 

Repeated shots of the six walking aimlessly down a road towards nowhere in 
particular seem to affirm the vacuity and pointlessness of the lives of the bourgeoisie. 
They are everywhere but can go nowhere and can accomplish nothing. 

For a film that deals with such an indigestible amount of food, "Discreet Charm" is 
happily digestible and at the same time an amusing and razor sharp depiction of 
what happens when rationalization is made about any type of prostitution . 
Fortunately, Bunuel doesn't have to employ this rationalization about his own work, 
and perhaps that is why it emerges as one of the indisputably best films of the year. 

On the Tube 
Hank Steimlln 

When I sit down to watch television (which is usually on special occasions like 
Passover or every third leap year), I immediately become disgusted because of T.V.'s 
insipid and banal programs. First, there are the family shows where Mom, Dad, the 
kids, and the dog are always smiling. The plot is usually something like Mom making 
fudge or junior fixing his Edsel. Then, there are the Detective or Private Eye thrillers, 
which in recent years have included a blind detective, a crippled detective, a fat 
detective, a Polish detective, ,,_ and so on and so forth . It's enough to make you want 
to perform obscenities in front of your close relatives. Anyway, I have written my 
own T.V. Guide listings in which the programs (i .e., the plots an~ characters), I hope, 
are somehow brought more into line with reality . 

PROGRAMS 
EVENING 
7:00 

7:30 

8:00 

LAWRENCE WELK SHOW - Tonight Welk teaches the Polka to a gay Marine. 
KING FA MIL Y - The entire King family sings in tribute to Juan Corona. 
MOVIE - Sandra De stars in "Gidget Goes to Guam." 
AMERICAN SPORTSMAN - Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas shoot the 
Partridge Family. 
LONGSTREET - Longstreet is left helpless after his German Sheperd contracts 
glaucoma. 
BONANZA - After being starved for over a week , Hoss eats the Ponderosa. 

MAYBERRY R.F.D. - Aunt Bea dies. 
LEA VE IT TO BEAVER - Beaver builds a dam. 
BEWITCHED - Samantha turns Darrin into a Chinese restaurant . 
FATHER KNOWS BEST - Bud has his driver's license suspended after runn ing 
over a nun. 
MOD SQUAD - Linc and Julie are arrested for shopl ifting. 

MY THREf SONS - Chip and Ernie are sent to bed without dinner after being 
caught together in the closet. 

DR~GNfT - Friday robs a liquor store. 
IRONSIDf - After regaining total movement in his legs, Ironside falls down a 
flight of stai rs. C tI -..I , on nu'I:U on pale 

News Flashl 
George Burns 

"Alice Cooper 
ceremony took 
at the Drake 
following 

nobody belongs to the 4-
let's take lessons in love 

the tit shows through the 

Dear Aunt Frances, 

Marty and I really had an 
are able to spend time 

Your boys are all three, 
Parent these days. 

Well, a happy, healthy 

Thank you again. 

Dear Merry, 

Fuck off, please. 

Dear Merry, 

Considering the (slight) 
not only insulting to the 

Dearest Merry 

Need you be told how 

. the restaurant: the 
the coffee 

it is in the rosebuds ... it's 

there were Incredible 
he knew to become 

an impossible dream 
the Impossible dream 

Benny were the first recipients of the 
Legend Award". The presentation 

party for Burns, held at Shepheard's 
York City, Sunday, February 18th 

sold-out Philharmonic Hall Concert: 

rk City (untitled) 
Melvyn Frei licher 

sophisticated ones, naturally. 

time last week. It's always pleasant when families 

and interesting too! It certainly is not easy being a 

and I'm sure we'll see you all very soon. 

Merry. 

One of the boys 

in our ages I find your recent leiter to my mother 
but offensive beyond belief. So fuck off. 

are? Obviously sol 
etc. 

head . 
have to grow 

.. lillie more 

One of the boys 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
COMMUNITY 

Ibsen's Phantasmagoria 
Henrik Ibsen's "Pe~r Gynt" is scheduled for seven 

p rformances beginning March 9 in the UcSo theater 
The play, bei.ng p!esented by the Drama Department, i~ 
under the direction of Eric Christmas. 

Ac~ording to Christmas, "Peer Gynt" has been 
conSidered by many as a difficult play seldom done 

pr~p~rly, especia l~y. by a .campus theatre group. 
It IS a very ambitiOUS piece," Christmas said. "1 want 

to prove that it can be done; not only can be done well 
but that it is suited to campuses. 

"It is an extraordinary play, one that dwells both in 
?,nd out of the m~i,: character's mind," Christmas said. 

The b st deSCription I can think of is that it is a 
phantasm~goria, a cons~antly shifting vision of things 
that are either seen or Imagined. 

The production will put the thrust stage in the 200-
seat UCSD T~eatre to the test. There are 41 people in 
the cast, plaYing some 80 parts in the play. Christmas 
has gathered his cast and crew from the San Diego 
community as well as the UCSD campus. 

"~e are a big community spread allover the place" ~hrlStmas said. " 1 think theatre should serve a~d 
Include the community and not be just the exclusive 
property of the theatre department," he said. 

Chris Cana~n, w~o plays the lead in Peer Gynt, is a 
student at Calafornla State University, San Diego. Carol 
Marget, a newcomer to local theatre, plays Peer's 
mother, Aase. She has played leading roles at the Old 
Globe and the Fargo Community Theatre in North 
Dakota. 

In addition, the cast includes a number of other 
community theatre actors, students from the School of 
Performing Arts at USIU, several UCSD students, two 
UCSD professors and even Christmas' 10-year-old 
daughter, Holly. 

Christmas said he considers Ibsen as the greatest of 
the 19th-C~n.tury playwrights. "His plays went against 
th.e romantlc!sm of that period, most of them dealing 
~Ith the SOCial ~roblems of people," Christmas said. 

~eer Gynt, written a little earlier, is womewhat 
different and I'm thrilled that we are doing it at UCSD". 

Campus Music 
The UCSD Chamber Chorus and Orchestra will 

present a concert of three Motets by Brahms three 
Introits by Isaac and a Litany by Mozart, tomo;row at 
8:30 p.m. in Recital Hall, 409 Matthews Campus. 

Soloists will be Phoebe Simmons, soprar.o; Linda 
Vi ckerman, mezzo-soprano; Howard A. Crook; tenor; 
and Philip Larson, baritone. 

A recital of Barogue Music will be presented by Lorie 
Kirkell , 'cello and Diane Galas, piano next Sunday at 2 
o'clock in the Recital Hall. The program will include 

~orks by Marce llo, Marais, de Fesch, and Couperin. It 
IS free and open to the public. 

A concert of works composed largely by members of 
the UCSD Music Department faculty will also be 
presented later on Sunday, at 8:30 in Recital Hall. The 
program includes both instrumental music and musical 
theater. 

Robert Erickson's " Piano Concerto" will be per-
formed by Keith Humble and conducted by Edwin 
London. Erickson describes his concerto as three con-
tinuous movements linked by improvished cadenzas. 
Improvisation is used periodically in the composed 
movements of the concerto. The composer "values 
improvisation for its directness and vital expressive 
impact." The ·concerto represents a fu~ion of im-
provised and written materials. 

UCSD composer Keith Humble's work , "Ainsi 
S' Achev " ... is a collage "inspired by bad timing of 
symphonies on the Fre nch radio ." Another in-
strumental composition, " Libra " written by Roberto 
Gerhard, a Spanish composer who lived in England 
most of his life, will be conducted by John Silber of the 
UCSD Music faculty. The composer was influenced by 
his "weakness for astrology in general and for 
horoscopes in parlicular." He believe peopl born 
und r the same Zodiac signs hay ertain distinctive 
charClcter traits in common. Gerhard's particular 
c.haracteri stics may be reflected in " Libra", his Zodiac 
sign. 

Will Ogdon's "Un Tomb au d J an Cocteau" is 
theatric~1 entertainment for pianist-conductor, singer 
and clarinetist -mime. It is inspired by a cycle of poems 
by Jean Coct au . Keith Humble is pianist/conductor. 
"Compa s", by UCSD composer Roger Reynolds an 
extended work for tenor, bass, cello, string bass and 
electronics is based on a poem of the same name by 
Jorge Borges . 

Performers in the concert are mu lcians of the UCSD 
Music Department and the Project of Music Experi -
ment . The program will be presented again March 12., 
at th LA County Museum on the Monday Evening 
Concert Series. All Interested are welcome. 

·lEe ••••••••••••• li! 
: PREPARATION FOR SPRING : 

:MCAT DAT: 
• NOW ENROLLING • 

: STANmH. KAnAN as : 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER SInce t938 • 

• In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 • 

• • Iil •• e ••••••• e •• e fE 
~tl'IIII.,II"I"tlllll'llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll"lllllllfl"llllllllllllllllltlllllllltllllnl~ 

J:. Yii~ M~"~~"n&9s~::.; § 
~ ~ Style ~ 
.,,,.JL.. hinese Restaurant ~ 
~_ itt. ~ 

-1l ~ :f' 
i it 1t r. 
At 1~ Jl,),t 
1ft * ~~ ~ }t~tt~ 

100 0 0(( dinner 
menu with student 1.0 . 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOA RD FOR 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

1017 prosp d 
LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

iI,., ••• "III,., •••••• I ••• II.'III" 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 111111II11111111111t~ 

FRIDA Y FLICKS 

McCabe & 
Mrs. Miller 

75¢ 
7:30 P.M. 
USB 2722 

50¢ 
7:30 & 
10:00 p.m. 
USB 2722 La Strada 

and 
Heller in Pink Tights 

SATURDAY FILMS 
Tickets: 

UREY HAL L BOX OFFICE 12-4 Tlles.-Fri. 
And"" The Door 

SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 

WIIAT FURTING 0 T ME 
Thi, film is ~ken word for word 
OUI of I 1933 issue of TRUE 
CONFESSION. There Ire e .. n 
5Ubtill~' in ~ you can ' l ~he .. 
your ~,. . W. Ih •• Iory of whl' 
hlppen<d 10 I n~ prtlly VrI who & PYf in 10 htr lu Iful .......... 

ROBERT HAVING HIS NIPPLE 1'It;IRCEIlI 

THE DRAWING FOR A vVATERBEO 
..... 

~. 

"Q MIDDLEARTH CANDLES! 
__ j ~I '1 ,~, : 

-...j - ' -

& A ... IRO' .. ANTSFIIOM _ Wfn lCk.! 
l Mut " "I)h, 

ACADE1\CY 
3nl UNIVERSITY 1t/oI£ 284 1000 

Page 7 Friday, March 2,1973 Triton Times 



Rugby Field Day 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

.. Piggies Poke Riverside 
Sat. 9 :30 8 5 :~0 

Closed Sun . & Mon. 
233-8328 

Plus Din Hicks and 
bls Hot Lick. 

FRt .. MAR. 9 - 8 PM 
CommuRity Concourse 

Golden Hall 

S5.50. 5. 4.50, 4 
flckels at CrvlC Theatre 
Boll Off lC!. Highlander 

Men's SIOtes. Melfo Agencres 
-"~KIICO'" 

/1/ 

What could be finer than 
.. . to play Rugby on a semi-
sunny Saturday afternoon. 
last weekend, the UCSD 
Rugby team trav~led to Ri -
verside with two full teams 
to face the Riverside Rug-
by Club and the UC River-
side Rugby team . This was 
UCSD's third league game 
of the season . 

The UC Riverside 
Highlanders were a very 
large and strong team . 
Their scrum out-weighed 
our scrum by at least 30 Ibs. 
per man . But the 
Highlanders lacked the 
team play and the ball con-
trol was established in the 
first minute of play, when 
an overly anxious 
Highlander was called for 
an illegal tack le and unne-
cessary roughness and in 
gegeneral, not being a 
gentleman . UCSD was 
awarded a penalty kick, 
wh ic h John Ringwood 

AT THE GLOBE 

Say<Wlto 
~ou~re 

Philp Looks Strong 
In UCSD Track Loss 

by Keith Waterhouse 
and Willis Hall 
NOW PLAYING 
An Imaginat ive young Wife, 
WIthou t telling her husband, 
loans a Single g irl fr iend 
the use of the apartment for 
romantic encounters, A Wild ly 
funny marital who 's whose. 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

The UCSD Track Team traveled to 
Azusa last Saturday to meet Azusa Pacific 
and Southern California College in the 
first track meet of the season. The result 
- AP 85, SCC 43, and UCSD 38. 

High point man for the Tritons was 
sprinter Tom Philp who won the 120 yd. 
high hurdles (15.3), the 220 yd . dash I 
(22.8), and almost won the 100 yd . dash 
(10.1) . The only person on the field who 
believed that Tom deserved second 
place in the 100 yd . dash was the field 
judge. Even the Azusa Pacific runner 
who benefited from the mix-up com-
plained . All the commotion was to no 
avail. Philp was awarded second. 

Other good efforts by Tritons were a 
first and second in the pole vault by 
Craig Barrett (13 ft.) and Michael Wurtz 
(12.5 ft.) ; second in the high jump by 
Bob Sturgeon (6'4"); second in the shot 
put by Mark Robe rtson (41 .5 ft.), and a 
second in the 220 yd . dash by Greg 
Hauser (23). 

State Romps 

The relay races are always important 
for team morale. The 440 yd , relay was 
comprised of Rudy Meyers, Eric Hen-
dricks, Hauser, and Philp. They were 
disqualified because o f an illegal han-
doff. The mile relay team consisting of 
Hauser, Dave Robinson , Ed Avol, and 
Rudy Meyers finished second with a 
time of 3 :38 , 

Special commendation goes to Ian 
Roth for attending the most preseason 
workouts. (The record for the fewest 
workouts attended is held by seve ral 
trackmen .) Roth placed fourth in the 
discus with a throw of 110 ft . 

As usual the UCS D Track Team lacks 
depth . No Tritons were entered in the 
440 yd. dash , 440 yd . intermediate 
hurdles, long jump, or triple jump. Any 
eligible students with ambitions in these 
events should contact Coach Andy Skief 
before the home meet with Cal 
lutheran this Saturday at 1 p ,m . 

Tennis Team Tripped 
Spring seems to be around the corner 

and UCSD has produ ced another one of 
its spring phenomena. Actually, these 
guys are around the whole year, but it 
isn't until this time of year that the 
Arthur Ashe's and Stan Smith's start 
emerging from the asphalt work of the 

• tennis courts. The UCSD tennis team has 
been around and busy during the last 
month as their record indicates. While 
the rest of the school was struggling 
through midterms, the tennis team 
members were struggling through 
midterms AND banging the balls around 
on the courts every afternoon . 

Want to 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credi: Union 
for your loan neoos . .. 
we' ll help you lay not 
over pay with In best 
financin g and terms 
available. I 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

Tht:il record ~ t the mo..ment rests at 2- • 
3, with their latest match being held last 
Monday. Their opponent then was San 
Diego State University, the crosstown 
rival, and the match was held at State's 
home courts. The UCSD team lost in 
what might be called one of their not-
so-good days. The s are indicates this, 
San Diego State - 9, UCS D - 0, which is 
about as bad as any t am can do. 

Ted T acher set the trend for the 
UCSD team losing to State's number one 
man 6-2, 64. UCSD's number one tennis 
player was outclassed in the first set but 
cam ba k to make it a match in the 
second. 

Sophomore Bill Duk played second 
5555 Mildred St. 297-1838 

5191 College Ave. 286-4210 
L-_________ ---' man and lost to the Stat player by more 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, March 2, 1973 

dismal scores. He was outclassed 6-1, 6-
3. Skip Schink, a new me mber of the 
varsity team, played third and did a fine 
job, He also was outclassed, however, by 
a 6-0, 6-2 pair of sets. 

Glenn Gottlieb was out of his we t suit 
long enough to play, losing a pai r of sets 
6-3, 6-2, Rich Doroski also lost by the 
same scores. Kurt Fristrup lost 6-0, 6-2. 

The team at times played some out-
standing tennis, but in the end they 
were overpowered by State's depth and 
experience. Ted Teacher is also attemp-
tif\8 to get over the last touches of a cold 
that have hampered him recently. The 

. team was sti ll a little down in the dumps 
mentally aft er ,playing well and losing to 
the University of San Diego team who is 
a perennial power every year, 

The team's record now stands at 2-3. 
They have beaten laVerne and Southern 
California College. Their losses have 
come at the hands of Cal State University 
at Fullerton along with San Diego State 
and University of San Diego. They hope 
to improve their record this Friday at 2 
p.m. This is a home game and they will 
hope that the home court advantage will 
serve to their adva ntage. Their next 
gam after that is with the University of 
Redlands who are consistently sporting a 
fine tennis team, on of the District's 
b st. 

lohnno Staight 

successfu lly booted for an 
early 3-0 lead. The Triton 
backs immediately moved 
the ball into scoring range 
again . Don Riordan broke 
free and was heading for a 
ce rtain try, when a frus-
trated Highlander com-
mitted another nono. The 
referee awarded Riordan a 
penalty try. Johnny Ringo 
kicked the conversion and 
the score began to pile up: 
9-0. 

"Damn, this is going to 
be a long game," the River-
side Captain was heard to 
say. With great determina-
tion, the Hig hland ers 
moved the ball to within 25 
yards of the goal. They 
were doggedly looking for 
their firsf try, when 
speedster Mark lew hew 
stole the ball and hauled 70 
yards, faking and dodging 
all the way to score for 
UCSD , Rin go's third 
successful kick made the 
total 15-0. 

UCR wa s in good 
physical shape, and several 
of their backs were very 
fast sprinters, but they just 
could not get together and 
playas a team. 

Veteran John Huber saw 
that "they are really quite 
poor on ball handling, they 
don't have clean passes." 
Their wing acted as football 
half-backs running around 
looking for blo c king 
which, as we all know, is 
not allowed in Rugby. In 
the sc rum, Bill Gates, 
Dickie Ostrup and the rest 
of the piggies equalized 
UC R's brute strength by 
relying on superior skill 
and experience, The UCSD 
backs played an exce llent 
game, moving the ball in a 
practiced controlled surge. 
Ringo continued a fin e 
game at full back, con-
tributing not onl y his 
kicking ski ll , but also 
scoring a try, Points piled 
up, as John Gorganson 
scored on a fine team ef-
fort. Mike Roberts and 
Peter Waasdorf crea ted an 
opening and tipped the 
ball to Gorganson , who 
drove thru several 
Highlanders for the try . 
Score : 23-0. The half ended 
when lynn Beard and a 
UCR rugger hit heads, The 
ac ci dent Sig nalled a 
momentary halt in the 
hostilities. The second half 
saw an increase in the 
cheap ruthlessness and 
rough play. 

UCR was threatening for 
the second time in the 
game, when Dug Beanan 
kicked and pushed the ball 
to the 25. Jones and Crazy 
Gordon Acres brought the 
ball to the 10. Gorganson 
got the ball free and passed 
to lcwhew, who chalked 
up his seco nd try. Bill Gates 
found success kicking the 
extra points, bringing the 
tota l to 29-zip. Gordie 
played on hell of a fine 
game, play ing particularly 
well on defense in addition 
to hi s usual offensive ef-
fort. He helped shut out 
the Highlanders in the first 
half, making tackles on 
ruggers fully twice his size. 

Th Tritons stopped 
another UCR threat by an 
inspiring exhibition of 

gang tackling and team 
play, when three deter-
mined Highlanders were 
nailed as they neared the 
goal. Finally UCR did score 
twice on long runs by the 
same sprinter, who 
prevented a totally em-
barrassing shutout. Score: 
29-10. Coming back from 
the UCR drive, Gordon 
scored on a pass from Don 
Riordan . Dickie Ostrup set 
up lew hew's hat-trick with 
a beautiful kick, under 
pressure. Mark ran like 
crazy for his third try and 
the score wa s 37-10 . 
Speedy lewhew played a 
consistently outstanding 
game, also doing a fine job 
on defense . The whole 
UCSD team was hustling 
and working together. 
John Crhsitopher took the 
ball 35 yards to the 10 and 
then unselfishly passed off 
to Dug Beanan who scored 
UCSD's final try . Ringo 
converted and the final 
score was 43-10. 

The UCSD second team 
played the more experi-
enced and mellow River-
side Rugby club. The game 
was hard-hitting and deter-
mined, but very clean and 
well played. The Riverside 
Pumpkins scored first , 
midway into the first half. 
Peter Sertic scored for 
UCSD on a 20 yard drop , a 
ta lent he ha s been 
cultivating for the last few 
games . The Pumpkins 
scored again and brought 
the score to 9-3 on a free 
kick from 25 yards out. In 
the first half the game was 
fairly even with both teams 
working hard , Charlie Tuna 
played a fine game at 
fullback, keeping UCSD in 
contention, and getting 
them out of some difficult 
spots. But he had his hands 
full. The UCSD backs had 
diffi culty in maintaining a 
flow of attack, running into 
too many dead-ends. 

The scrum did not con-
sistently pursue the ball 
and give the backs enough 
d efe nsive support. Too 
often the wing was forced 
to concentrate on stopping 
the opposing force, Slowly 
the experience of the 
Pumpkins began to show 
against the Tritons. Arrow 
Hunter, Old John Huber 
and Blind Man Gregory 
combined strong-running 
with skill for nume rous fine 
ru ns forci ng Ri verside to 
hustle and really work on 
defense . Bob Mandel, John 
Staight, and Jeff Wustman 
executed tackles that 
broke up numerous 
Pumpkin scoring threats . 
An exceptionally hustling 
and strong game was 
played by Arlo who 
hooked for the seconds 
and led the scrum's defen-
sive effort. He moved all 
over the field getting at the 
ball aggressively. The 
Pumpkins ran up a 13-3 
score, when Brad Igwana 
sprinted 35 ya rds for a try. 
Riverside scored again and 
the final score was 19-7. 
Th game was a most en-
joyable Rugby encounter . 
Gentlemanly play was the 
rule as this was Rugby the 
way it should be played. 
This Saturday, UCSD faces 
the San Diego Rugby Club 
and San Diego State at San 
Diego State. So, as Mr , Na-
tural sez, "See Ya there." 

Feeling Like 
Chinese Food? 

An eight-course Chinese dinner is being offered by 
members of the recently organized Friends of the 
International Center at UCSD as the first in a series of 
"international" fund raising' events . 

The dinner is scheduled for 6 p .m. Sunday, March 11, 
in the In~ernational Center on the Matthews Campus. 
The cost IS S4 per person and seating will be limited to 
50 persons on a "first pay, first served" basis. 

Mass Communications 
Speakers Coming 

Two internationally famous mass communications 
experts - one researchi ng African mass com-
rpunications and one studying the effects of visual 
communications on sex and violence - will be guest 
speakers March 6 and 8 at UCSD. 

The first , Dr. Alfred Esimatemi Opubor, Director of 
the African Studies Center at Michigan State University 
will speak at 8 p.m. next Tuesday on "Black Africa ~ 
Communication, Identity, and Multicodality." 

Reservations may be made by sending S4 per person 
to : Mrs . Luna Fung, 2660 Green Tree Lane, La Jolla 
California 92037. According to Mrs. Fung, chairman of 
the dinner, nametags prepared for those who have 
bought reservations will be held at the door and will 
serve as meal tickets. 

AS.sisting Mrs. Fung in preparing the meal will be 
Mrs. Lily Lin, Mrs. Kathy Wong, Mrs . Sue Leong, Mrs. 
Terry Liu, and Mrs. Tzemei Yip. All are associated with 
UCSD and with the Friends of the International Center. 

Massive Octopus 
Hooked 

The second, Dr. Percy Tannenbaum, Professor in the 
University of California, Berkeley Graduate School of 
Public Policy and also Research Psychologist at 
Berkeley'S Institute of Human learning, will speak at 8 
p.m., Thursday, March 8. He will discuss " Sex and 
Violence: Arousal Re search in Visual Com-
munications." 

The dinner is a first in a series of international dinners 
planned to raise funds for the Center and also to 
introduce the International Center to the San Diego 
community. According to Mrs. Ruth Newmark co-
chairman of the Friends, future plans include a ~ear­
eastern dinner, an African dinner, an Indian dinner a 
JeV'!ish dinner, and a French dinner probably on' a 
once-a-month basis. 

A fifty-pound octopus has moved into Tank 3 at the 
Vaughan Aquarium-Museum at Scripps Institution of 
O ceanography, UCSD, 

Acc!d~ntally caught by hook and line, Octopus 
dolfletnl was found in deep water (480 feet) off San 
Diego by Paul Hawkins, Jr" a local commercial fisher-
man, who gave it to the aquarium. 

Normally the species is found in relatively shallow 
w~t~r along t~e coast of northern Washington and 
BritIsh ColumbIa, and is infrequently seen in this area. 

Both lectures will be held in Garren Auditorium 1105 
Basic Science Bid., UCSD School of MediCine, an'd are 
free and open to the public. They are part of the 
Communications and Society lecture Series featuring 
specialists in . comltlunications theory and analysis 
whIch began In December and is sponsored' by the 
Communications Program at UCSD's Third College. 

Proceeds from the first dinner will be used to help 
furnish the Center's kitchen. 

Two years ago another Octopus do/flein;, weighing 
50 pounds, was collected by Hawkins and donated to 
the aquarium. The present octopus, like the earlier 
one, has an arm spread which exceeds 12 feet. The 
eight arms each have 200 sucking discs that can each 
exert a pressure of four ounces. These discs are used 
for locomotion, capturing food, and manipulation. 

Letter to the Editor 

Kenyan Wants Pen-Pal 
Dear Sir, My name and Address : 

"We have already received gifts from Las Patronas of 
la Jolla and from UCSD students specifically for the 
kitchen," Mrs. Newmark said. "We want the public to 
become aware of the International Center and to 
regard it as a meeting ground for the community. And, 
of course, we are seeking members for the Friends." 

She said one of the first big jobs for the Friends will 
be to raise funds for a matching grant earmarked for 
furnishing and landscaping the Center. 

Th~ diet . of the giant Pacific octopus is thought to 
conSISt of fIsh and crabs. At the aquarium of live crabs 
and lobsters. Preparing a diet for the octopus is easier if 
the aquarium staff can condition the octopus to eat 
dead specimens rather than live ones. 

I would b~ very much 
thankful if you would pub-
lish my name in your Uni-
versity newspaper in the 
Pen- Pal Column. 

I am a Ke nya n, a luo by 
tribe. I am really in need of 
a pen pal from your Uni-
versity, for I am very much 
interested in America and 
it's People as a whole. 

Moses O . Odero, 
Ran en Secondary 
School, 
P.O . Ranen - KISII -
Kenya - E. Africa . 
Interest : Photograph-
ing; games, Cars and 
stamp collecting; age, 
17. 

A smaller octopus which until now occupied Tank 3 
has been moved to Scripp's Experimental Aquarium. 

feeding times for the public to observe are 2 p .m. on 
Wednesdays and Sundays. The Aquarium-Museum is 
open to the public from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m , sever} days a 
week . 

Yours sincerely, 
Moses O . Odero 

Therapeutic Abortion Package 
A therapeutic abortion package 

designed to answer requests of San 
Diego .community groups for 
" ·quality care at prices people can 
pay" was an!lounced this week at 
University Hospital. 

Dr, Phillip E. Young, in charge of 
health care delivery programs in re-
productive medicine, said the 
plan was formulated in response to 
communi ty needs for low cost 
medical abortions. "An estimated 
200 women per month now go to 
los Angeles for this service," he 
said, "because the cost of an abor-
tion there through established 
agencies is a fraction of the price in 
San Diego." 

The plan eliminates overnight 
hospital charges, Dr. Young said, 
since the patient is admitted at 6:30 
a.m . and discharged that same day. 

The $190 total includes a clinic 
visit before and after admission, all 
necessary laboratory work (in 
routine cases some eight different 
tests), a visit to the social service de-
partment if desired, the cost of 
admission to the hospital, operating 
room charges, anesthesia and 
obstetrical professional feels, 
and ,dischafge from the hospital on 
the afternoon of admission. 

Also included in the package fee, 
when indicated, is a relatively ex-
pensive Rhogam injection needed 
by Rh negative women - or one in 
seven patients. 

The abortion package price 
applies only to the suction curet-

Sterilization 
Conference 

tage method, Dr. Young noted, 
although all other standa rd meth-
ods are available at usual hospital 
rates. 

The package is unusual in that it 
als? includes, for the single $190 fee, 
costs of any complication requiring 
further hospitalization, clinic, or 
Emergency Room treatment. 
"There are, therefore, no 'extras' or 
hidden costs," he said. 

During her first visit with the phy-
sician, the patient is given prelimi-
nary social counseling on appropri-
ate alternatives (abortion or con-
tinuation of pregnancy, saline ver-
sus suction methods, with or with-
out tubal ligation) and methods of 
contraception. If the initial inter-
view indicates the patient has emo-
tional needs requiring more in-
depth evaluation she will be 
referred by the physician immedi-
ately to a member of the Social Ser-
vices department. 

"It's difficult for low-income 
groups to obtain information about 
reproductive medicine ser-
vices," Dr. Young sa id, " not to men-
tion the difficulty in paying for 
medical care. lJy offering an abor-
tion package which guarantees 
high-quality, comprehensive care 
without additional costs, we hope to 
fulfill this obligation to the com-
munity. However, the program is 
not limited to low-income patients; 
it is available at this price to any pa-
tient regardless of income." 

E..." lngs Ilrougto Wednesday 

"Male and Female Sterilization" will be the subject 
of a one-day conference sponsored by UCSD Extension 
tomorrow. 

A TIIOUIAIII ClOWll 
1.00 & 11.00 ' USA· t 965 f By Fred Cot 
An IIPI comeoy abOut. man whO will nol 
conform portayed by Jooon _do. 

Cost of the session is $8. Open to the public, it will 
begin at 9 a.m . in Room 2100 of the Basic Science 
Building, UCSD School of Medicine. 

Dr. Paul Brenner, an assistant clinical professor of 
obstet.rics and gynecology at the medical school, will 
coordinate the special program, which will feature talks 
by four physicians and a psychologist. 

Topics scheduled for the day are: an introduction to 
reproductive biology; a new method for tubal ligation ' 
"V h ' asectomy: T e Procedure Itself, Misconceptions and 
Irreversibility"; psychological reactions to sterilization 
and "Sterilization in the 1980's." 

A general discussion is scheduled for 3 p,m. 
Participants can register ahead of time at the Exten-

sion office at UCSD, or at the door Saturday morning. 

IIDIU"1II8IfT'11IIIWI 
8 55 p.m. ' USA 11135 f A IU"'IllUOUa 
filming of Shake:speere wl1h 
.lames cagnoy - Joe E. Brown 
MlcI<ey Rooney - 011,1' 00 Ha"land 
Dod< Powell 

Salurdly Mldroghl 
llle NocIUmll Cinema 
AI DIlATED TREAIUIIE 
.. -....... 

7456 La JoDi fIIvd, 459-4.341 

9:00 

10:00 

On the Tube 
Continued from page 6 

LASSIE - Tonight lassie stops an avalanche, puts out a forest fire, and then is 
put to sleep. 
MOVIE - Marlon Brando and Desi Arnaz in " last Tango in Cleveland ." 
GENTLE BEN - Ben enters a campsite and mauls three Boy Scouts. 
SPECIAL - The Joseph Stalin Comedy Hour , 
OZZIE AND HARRIET - Ozzie finds a job. 

FAM~L Y ~FFAIR - Buffy gets raped; lody gets hi t by a bus; Sissy is arrested for 
prostItutIon, and Uncle Bill gets stoned . 
MOVIE - Deborah Walley, Frankie Avalon, and Richard Burton in " Tammy 
Meets Trotsky." . 
NEWS - Walter Cronkite sits on a squirrel. 
MARCUS WELBY, M .D. - Dr, Welby takes out his own appendix . 

NOW .THRU . THURS. 

THE Mill IIOS. in 
MONKEY 
BUSINESS 

1 and 10 
~'LUS~ 

@0(B0ffiWU0. 
8 : 300nly 

ENJOY A KlIYlIK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A new concept 'Dr an ,nJely.blt week end on 'he 
Colorldo Ri .. r 

• SAfETY · bUlIH" buoy.",y 
• CONVENIENT · Frtowey oil the Wly 
• ECONOMICAL · For budgtt mondld famllo .. 
• AOVENIUROUS • bplo .. p"mll"" ..... 

KAYAK RENTAL S7 50 OAY 
FOf B,ochuft Wfli. Of e.1I 

KAYAK RIVER CRUISES by LEISURE CRAFT 
179 E Forst SI .. Yuma. A",ona 85364 - 16021 783 6633 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

REGAL NOTES 
UNDERSTAND PLAYS, NOVELS AND POEMS 

FASTER WITH OUR NOTES 
We're new and we're the bl~gestl Thousanos of tOPICS 
reviewed for quicker understanding Our sub] CIS include nOI 
only Enl1l1sh. bul Anthropology. Arl , Black Sludles, Ecology. 
Economics, EducatIon, History. Law. Music Ph ilosophy 
Political Science. SOCiology and Urban Probl ms. Send $2 fo; 
your catalog of topics available, 

REGAL NOTES ' 
3160 "0 " treet, N. W. 

Washington, D,C. 20007 
Telephone: 202333-0201 

,Page 9 Fr.iday, March 2, 1973 Triton Times 
\ . " • • , t ' 



An important announcement to every 
student in the health professions: 

NEW SCHOLARSHIPS 
ARE AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY. 

THEY COVER TUITION AND 
RELATED COSTS AND PROVIDE AN 

ANNUAL INCOME OF $5,300 AS WELL. 

If a steady salary of $400 a on active duty (with extra 
month and paid-up tuition 'pay ) fOl' 45 days. Naturally , 
will help you continue your if your academic chedule 
professional training, the require that you remain on 
cholarships just made pos- campus, you stay on campus 

s ibl e by the Uniform ed - and stillreceiveyouractive 
Services Health Professions duty pay. 
Revitalization Act of 1972 Actil'e duty requirements 
d serve your close attention. al'e fair. Basically, you serve 
Because if you are now in a one year as a commissioned 
medical , osteopathic, dental , . officer for each yea r you 've 
veterinary, podiatry, or op- participated in the program, 
lomet ry school, or are work- with a two year minimum. 
ing toward a PhD in Clinica l You may apply for a scholar-
Psychology, you may qualify. ship with either the Army, 

We make it easy for you to Navy or Ai r Force, and know 
completeyourstudies.You 're th at upon enter ing active 
commissioned as an officer as du ty you ' ll have rank and 
soo n as yo u enter the p ro- duties in keeping with your 
gram, but remain in tudent profes ional training. 
tatu until graduation. And, The life's work you've cho-

during each year you will be sen for yourself requires long, 

hard , expensive training. 
Now we are in a position to 
give you some help. Mail in 
the coupon at your earliest 
convenience for moredetailed 
information. 
r::~~~~~~hl;------' 

8(1_ A 
U",I",.. I Cit¥ . T~ • • • 1114 11 
I lIIulrll in f urma tion '.r ' he ' ollowlnc 
I· ....... ,..", : 

~ Arm" n Nu,. 0 Air Force Nedical'70ltfOOpathie D DeIIla l Veteri na l1' 0 P04ia '..,. · Otkcr ( P~ •• e.Pfti ' )'. ___ _ 
Soe!Me. s _____ _ _ 

Aod ..... ___ ____ _ 

Cit y ____ ___ _ 

Enrolled .t-----,-,,,,,'"'.-OO""" ---

D.t~ or tH rth -"', .. :-:-.. "'"'",-:-, -.,., D"' .. -:-' ""7: .. '= .. :7, I 
I .. PodIat ry MIt . ".II .b~in Air F~ Prot",rn L ________________ _ 

GOING OUT 
OF 

THE RECORD 
BUSINESS 

PRICES HAVE BEEN 
CUT DRASTICALLY 
LIST 

PRICE 

$4.98 
$5. 98 
$6.98 
$9. 98 

OUR REGULAR 
DISCOUNT PRICE 

$3.37 
$4.17 
$5.10 
$6.74 

SALE 
PRICE 

$1.98 
$2.98 
$3.98 
$4.98 

SALE BEGINS TODA Y 
FRIDA Y MARCH 2 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

t Page 10 lri'ton Times Ptiday, Marc11 2, '1973 

·OLD. III AND a.OIUI 10. WHAt DO YOU WANt. f10UaLIMAK •• " 

Opinion 

Another Jewish Answer 
To_ Christian Evangelism 

Tom Cantor 

When I entered the University I had 
no peace of mind; for me life was mass 
confusion. I knew that I was expected to 
become. as my father, a successful doc-
tor, yet, when I sat down to study, I 
could not find peace of mind. I had 
inherent feelings of guilt, without 
knowing why. I wondered where my 
eighteen years of effort had brought me. 
and where the future could take me, 
beyond the securing of a reliable in-
come. In my pursuit for peace of mind I 
placed my hope in my education at the 
University. In my study of psychology 
and the writings of Freud I was at first 
delighted to find accurate descriptions 
of my selfsame problems. but with no 
solutions to my problems. So I spoke 
with some of my professors but found to 
my chagrin that they too, had no real 
peace. Wearied by life and inner turmoil 
I found myself lacking any hope to go 
on . 

It was at this time that I was presented 
with the claims of Jesus Christ. namely, 
His identity as Israel's Messiah (John 
4:26) and God (John 10:30-33). I was 
forced to think of my grandfather, an 
Orthodox rabbi, and instinctively re-

je~ted Christ's claims. A later Tecon-

sideration gave me the boldness, aside 
from rabbinic tradition, to approach 
directly the God of Israel in determining 
the truth of such claims. Relying solely 
on the authority of the Jewish Bible as 
the word of God, and thereby laying 
aside the traditional Commentaries 
(Talmud, Kabala, etc.). I BEGAN TO 
READ. (Later I found recorded that the 
leaders of Israel had actually caused the 
people to go astray; and that nowhere in 
the Old Testament was any authority of 
"rabbis" recognised.) 

At the outset I discovered my ig-
norance of the Old Testament and just 
who the Messiah was to be. For the first 
time I understood that the God of Israel 
was a personal God and as I focused my 
attention to His works and Person the 
conviction grew that Jesus Christ was 
this Person. The peace of God came with 
this conviction and my life of confusion 
turned to a life of purpose. As I read 
God's analysis of all men (Psalm 14) and 
accepted His remedy for my sin (Isaiah 
53) I felt as though a heavy load had 
dropped off my back. As a seeking Jew I 
am thankful for Christian evangelism 
because I never would have found peace 
if a Christian had not presented to me 
the claims of Jcsus Christ. 

Back Outta My Garage Sale ... 
Continued from page 4 

am using the word "agreement" 
somewhat humorously. 

7. I said art was not a zoo animal, 
caged and defanged, on display to tickle 
tne sensibilities of a public who fancy 
themselves in danger from its bite but 
who very well know they are not. "To 
cage and defang" means to divest of the 
ability to do anything serious. It was a 
metaphor. "To frame" means to remove 
from a usual context and put in another. 
It was also a meta ph ore. (I also wrote 
that " my piece had a lot more separating 
it from 'naive' garage sales than simply 
its frame, as I have tried to make clear." I 
could have held it in a garage and stil l 
have it be "art.") Like most metaphors, 
"caging and defanging" and "framing" 
stop short of being strictly analogous to 
my subject in every respect. I think my 
meaning was clear enough. Using 
metaphors relieves the annoyance of 
replying to critics. I don't find the "con-
tradictions rampant"; rather, I find hasty 
reading or purposeful misunderstanding 
of my writing. We are. I presume. too 
intelligent to let a hasty reading deter-
mine our responses - haste in response 
to art or in response to words. 

6. In dosing - because I don't plan on 
making a weekly column out of this 
("Dear Artist") -let me point out what I 
see as a profound failure in the work not 
only of Michel and Dijkstra but in that of 
many critics currently writing. It is a 
failure to r ogniz a distinction 
b tw en denotation (referring) and 

connotation (Signifying). The denotation 
or referential aspects of a work - which 
is the ground Michel seems intuitively to 
feel is covered by her yoked questions 
"what is it and how is it made?" (the 
garage-salesness of my "Garage Sale", 
the abstract-steel ness of abstract steel 
sculpture) - are not all there is to an 
artist's intentiqn in making a work. 
There is a community of response to 
"connotative" structures in language, in 
art, and in human interaction in general 
that is far more subt le and difficult to 
deal with than simple denotative 
reference. SQ most critics fail to confront 
it directly, ' if at all. What. in their 
theories. fills the gap? Usually it is filled 
by the "subjective" side of the critic's 
response, the "how does it affect me as a 
person" (or as a political heavy, or 
whatever) part . Here "subjective" 
criticism has the edge over, say, New 
Criticism because it at least allows con-
notation into the discussion. even if 
through the back door of "subjective 
response . " Subjective responses , 
though, may be personal, idiosyncratic 
responses whose public airing can do 
little to illuminate either the denotative 
or the connotative aspects of the work at 
hand. But connotative elements are very 
much a part of the strudure of a work -
they are built in - and as such deserve 
c ritical attention . P-roblem is, it 
pr dudes boiling art down to a three-
word d scriptive phrase. which is what 
many critics are after. 

UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS. • • 
Ibsen's 
I 

Directed By 
Eric 
Chri-stmas 

UCSD THEATRE 8:00 PM 
MARCH 9, 10, 11 and 15, 16, 17, 18 
TICKETS - BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 

Due to the limited eating capacity of the 
UCSD Theatre and the limited run, you are 

urged to buy your tickets early. 

STUDENTS $1.25 
GENERAL $2.50 



................ announcements ............................ .. 
The Rhythmic 
is a new club PrI-
marily for those stlldents. fa-
culty. staff. and wives who 
wish to participate in such a 
class but cannot c'o so dur-
ing the day. Meetings will be 
held on Thurs. from 7:30 to 9 
p.m. in the Aadptive Room. 
For information contact Re-
nee or Barbara at Ext. 2282. 
(3/6) 
The Triton W.rg.mlng So-
ciety meeta every Thura-
d.y night In Room Muir 2C-
1110. The room la oura 
from 8 on .nd we at.y .11 
night. All welcome to come 
.nd pl.y g.mea. (EI) 
All TT at.nera: you .r. cor-
dl.lly Invited to the at.n 
luncheon on TUM., M.r. 8, 
• t 12:00 ah.rp. Pl.... be 
prompt. Brtng your lunch. 
(3/8) 
Attention Muir Graduating 
Seniors: If you are interest-
ed in planning Commence-
ment exercises for gradua-
graduating seniors, please 
come to the Muir Dean's 
Office (2D. 2125) and sign' 
up with Claire. (3/6) 
COMMUNICATIONS 
MAJORS - The Com -
municat ions Comm ittee 
meets every Wednesday 
morning at 9:00 in Room 17 
in the Third College Provost 
off ice. These meetings are 
open to all interested com-
municat ions students . It 
would be to your advantage 
to come and check out what 
is going on (EW) 

PRE-MED WOMEN: Retest-
Ing Time IS Thurs .. Mar. 15. 
Program will be evaluated. 
Your assistance and partici-
pation is both necessary and 
Invaluable. BSB. 1st floor 
lecture hall . 5-7:30 p.m .. 
bring a sandwich. etc. (3/6) 
PR E-MED WOMEN meet 
with WOMEN PHYSICIANS. 
Wed .. Mar. 7.7:30 p.m. Time 
and F'lace to be announced. 
Watch the TT. (3/6) 

PRE-MED WOMEN meet 
FIRST YEAR Women Medi-
cal Students: Wed .. Mar. 7. 
at 7:45 a.m. in Winzer Com-
mons. Attend classes. set up 
later meeting for those inter-
ested. (3/6) 
UCSD Catholic Community 
'Mardigras'!! Tues .. Mar. 6, 
eight p.m. at University Lu-
theran Church. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Friends wel -
come - munchies. music. 
carn ival! Wear costumes, 
masks. or bnght colors. (3/6) 
Students interested in recre-
ational theratherapy - at-
tend a tour given by Dr. Pa-
tricia Lawrence. Director of 
Recreational Therapy at Me-
sa Vista Hospital. Sign up on 
sheet on Pre-med Bulletin 
Board, 6th floor 2D. Time 
and date will be announced . 
(3/6) 
Those interested in Madrigal 
Singing: Steve. 453-6425, or 
come to rehearsal on Sun. at 
7:30 p.m. in HL 444. (3/2) 
The Women 's Liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1 :30 every day. and 
people are welcome to drop 
by Rm. 4. 250 MC (ext. 
3006). Also WLF has pot-
luck dinners on alternate 
Weds. and Thurs. (Phone: 
459-7280). All women invit-
ed. (EI ) 
Students interested in enter-
ing law school in Fall 1974: 
there is counseling availa-
ble. Please leave your name. 
address. and phone number 
With Tom Hull (MC 105). In-
formation will be distributed 
to the people whose ad -
dresses we have. (3/23) 
U C SD Pho t o grap he rs 
Association: For information 
or purchase of membership 
cards call EDNA at 453-
EDNA or go to the Urey Hall 
Box Office during box office 
hours. (3/2) 
A representative from the 
STAN FOR D GRAD UATE 
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS will 

be on campus the morning of 
Wed ., Mar. 7. in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. to talk with 
students interested in gra-
duate study in the field of 
business. Info : contact 
Career-Education Planning 
Services. Bldg. 2D, Muir 
College. (3/6) 

COME. a participatory event 
by THE DOZEN. Another Jef 
Raskin (not again!) Produc-
tion . UCSD Gallery. Huma-
nities Library Bldg. Tues .. 
Mar. 6. 2:00-7:00; Thurs., 
Mar. 8. 2:00-7:00; Fri. . Mar. 
9. 8:00. (3/6) 

LAW AND SOCIETY (Inter-
diSCiplinary 25) is being 
offered again for the Spring 
Quarter 1973. Nine 3-hour 
sessions on various aspects 
of the relationship of Law 
with the changing society. 
taught by nine separate le-
gal specialists. An interest-
ing pre-Law elective for 
those interrested in going on 
to Law School. For Info .. see 
Lee Nichols in 1512 H/L 
Building. (3/6) 
HATHA YOGA CLASS be-
gins March 6. Meets Tues. 
and Thurs. at noon in the 
Adaptive Physical Educa-
tion Room. Call Mary Bar-
done for additional informa-
tion. 753-2404. (3/6) 
"UCSD Astronomers" 
Everyone is invited to our 
meeting next Tuee .. Mar. 6 at 
7:30 p.m. in 1148 FiL. We will 
discuss and plan future acti-
vities, including star parties. 
(3/6) 

friday 
Join us for a Sabbath Dinner 
Tonight, 6 at the Muir Apart-
ments Lounge. (3/2) 
" On ly the Beginn ing" -
Only the Beginning is about a 
1971 anti-war protest in-
volving thousands of GI 's 
who threw away their me-
dals In front of the Capitol. 
201 MC. 7 p.m., Fri. . Mar. 2. 
(3/2) 

"HAM RADIO" - Are you 
longing for a long wire? Then 
come a long with the UCSD 
Amateur Radio Club and 
help put up a very long an-
tenna. The fun starts on Fri., 
Mar. 2. at 3 p.m. and will 
probably be continued on ei-
ther Sat. or Sun. Call Ed, 
WA6LCZ, 454-0888 if you 
don't know where you be 
long. (3/2) 

Asian-American Student Alli-
ance (AASA) will be meet-
ing this Fri., 3:00 p.m .• AASA 
office, East Wing , Bldg. 250 
MC to discuss class on 
Asian-American Labor His-
tory and other activities. (3/2) 

Dr. Art Gutenverg. a repre-
sentative from the CON-
SORTIUM FOR GRADU-
ATE STUDY IN MANAGE-
MENT will be on campus 
Fri.. Mar. 9. from 1 :30 to 4 in 
the afternoon in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge to talk with all 
undergraduates, especially 
women and minority stu -
dents, about the Consorti-
um's MBA program. Furthen 
info and lit. is available from 
Career-Education Planning 
Services. Bldg . 2D, Muir 
College. (3/9) 
A representative from the 
ATOMIC ENERGY COM-
MISSION will be on campus 
Fri., Mar. 9 to interview stu-
dents in the following areas: 
1.) Accounting/ Auditor 
Trainee (BS or MS Account-
ing) ; 2.) Engineering Train-
ee (BS or MS Electrical , Me-
chanical. Eelectron ic, En -
gineering); 3.) Technical 
Tra inee (MS One of the Phy-
sical Sciences) ; 4.) Engin-
eering Trainee (BS or MS Ci-
vil Engineering) ; 5.) Man-
agement Trainee (BS. MS, 
MBA Business Administra-
tion or Combination of Pub-
lic Admin .. Finance, Econo-
mics. etc.). To arrange your 
interview. come to Career-
Education Planning Servi-
ces. Bldg. 2D, Muir College. 
(3/6) 

A representative from AR-
GONNE NATIONAL LAB-
ORATORIES will be on cam-
pus Friday, Mar. 2, to inter-
view Master's and Ph.D. can-
didates In APIS, Mechanical 
Engineering, Applied and 
High Energy Physics and 
Metallurgical and Nuclear 
Engineering. for research 
and development positions 
in their company. To arrange 
your interview, come to 
Career-Education Planning 
Services. Bldg. 2D, MUIr 
College. (3/2) 

Mfa. Klraten Altven la pr.-
.. ntlng • alld. ahow on lhe 
"People'a Republic of Chi-
n." at I p.m. on Fri., M.r. 2, 
1873, et the Inlern.llonel 
Cenler Loung., M.ttMWI 
C.mpua . EVERYONE 
WELCOME . Win •• nd 
cheeN will be aerved efter 
the preaenlellon. (3/2) 

"Fuera Yanqui" - This film 
presents a recent history of 
the Dominican Republic and 
an analysis of Its economic 
structure. which is con-
trolled by U.S. interests. The 
people of the island talk 
about the "election", the CIA 
coup, the popular uprisings 
and the U.S. Invasion of 
1965. 201 MC. 7 p.m., Mar. 
2. (3/2) 

saturday 
The UCSD Chamber Chor-
us and Orchestra will pre-
sent a concert which in-
cludes works by Brahms. 
Isaac and Mozart, Sat. . Mar. 
3, at 8:30 in 2D-2346. (3/2) 

sunday 
A recital of Baroque Music 
will be presented by Lorie 
Kirke ll, 'cello and Diane 
Galas. plano, Sunday. Mar. 4 
at 2 o'clock. in Recital Hall 
2D-2346. (3/2) 
The Music Department is 
presenting a program of in-
strumental music and musi-
cal theater Sun .. Mar. 4. at 
8:30 In 20-2346. (3/2) 

This Sun. evening from 9 to 
9:30 Provost Joseph Wat-
son of Third College and 
Assistant Provost of Public 
Relations Gaspar Oliviera will 
be gues t s on the Vic 
Villalpando show on Radio 
KSDO. Third College and its 
programs and goals will be 
discussed. (3/2) 

monday 
Pre-Meds: All those who 
called John Pinto, please 
meet in 5th floor Tenaya 
lounge on Mon .. Mar. 5 at 7 
p.m. or call 453-5817. Im-
portant! (3/2) 
APIS 293 - Seminar in In-
formation and Computer Sci-
ence. Mon ., Mar. 5, 1973. 
Time: 4 p.m. Place: Room 
2202. Bldg. 2A. Muir Cam-
pus. Speaker: Professor 
John Savage, Brown Uni-
versity. Title : "Recent Ad-
vances in Complexity Kol-
mogorov" (3/2) 
Communications/Third Col-
lege Public Lecture, Inter-
national Center, Matthews 
Campus. Dr. Edward Casa-
vantes, formerly with U.S. Ci-
vil Rights Commission, "A 
Littany of Lament: Institu-
tional Processes that Im-
pede the Education of Chi-
canos." Free and open to 
UCSD Community. Mon. , 
4:30 p.m. (3/2) 
Soaring club ground school. 
Mon., Mar. 5 at 7:30 p.m. in 
2C- lll0. The topic will be X-
Country Soaring. Carl Ekdahl 
will be tlie speaker. All are 
welcome. (3/2) 
ATTENTION UCSD VET-
ERANS: You are Invited to an 
organ izational meeting of 
area Veteran College Stu-
dents to establish an effec-
tive lobby. Mon .. Mar. 5. 4 
p.m., VFW Hall, 7245 Linda 
Vista Rd .• San Diego. The 
meeting is non-political and 
not associated with the VFW. 
American Legion. VVAW, 
etc. (3/2) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~ents ~r ourselves~~~ 

services 
INFINITY TYPING on leM Seleclrlc II 
ArtIcles. books. Iheses. papers Rus 
sIan 100 From 70¢ per page La Jolla. 
453·5346 (3/2) 

RUSSIAN TECHNICAL TRAN SLA-
TION typIng. plasllc engravrng 453-
5346 (3/2) 

Income lax service Discount for 
studenls. siafl or laculty 755-8228 
aher 2. (4/13) 
French lUtorrng lor hnals and prol r-
crency lests Gall Barbara. 755-7 t 92 
(3/6) 

BIOlogy senror desrre. part Irme work 
as an electroniCs tech . 8 years exp In 
solod slale analog and drgr tal crrcurl 
troubleshOOlrng. calobrallon and pro-
tolype work Own tools 453-5638 aller 
6 (3/6 ) 

Expert Typrng - 5 yrs. experience on 
all Iypes 01 papers Fasl servIce Ex-
cellent grammar and s'lellong 50¢1 PO 
Clarremonl area IBI.I lectrrc Call 
565 7060 (3/6) 

lost and found 
Lost Lady's rrng. pel rI gold e" lng 
- rn 4th lloor balhrc>mo 01 Coni Lrb 
Call 460·6t69 (coilocl). REWARD 
(3/6) 

Found Parr 01 rr.B'· sandall . al 
basketball co In nea g,m 453 9238 
(3/6 ) 

Lost 35mm camera (Canon TL OL) 
has green carryrng ~ 1'.1) II lound call 
565 6427 REWARD (:II u) 

Found prescrrpl ron 18 < s. 2nd floor 
2A Trme 1255 Date 2/28/ 73 See 
Campus PolIce (3/6 ) 

LOSI nuer ·monlh old caramal · 
colored lemer Near 20 . 5 p m Wed . 
Feb 28 ContaCI Jam", Grunberg 
X I 90 1 (3/8) 

LOSI A key rrng wrth two keys and 1 
meal lIck I. probably rn USB or Urey 
Hall II lound. plea call ~S3 8308 
and ask 10< linda (3/21 

LOSI e,own down lackel on soccer 
held Please return 10 E- 14 Troga (3/6 ) 

LOST Red sprral nOla book rn Cenl 
L,b Weds (2/2 1) eve Call Terry. 273-
2826 Please (3/2) 

Found near Studenl Healih Cenler 
2/ 21 . puppy pari Dachshund. call 453-
9973. asl< lor Kathy (3/2 ) 

Lost. Blk brrelcase. Frr . 2123 WOrth-
less excepl lor P eaer . owner . 
grrevrng 755-8654 or X- I221 (3 /6) 
Losl ' Old. gray swealer somewhere 
between Revelle and VA Hosp Gall 
Jell aller 6. 453-7500. x3668 (312) 

travel 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club leesl 50 Departures. also NYC. 
Japan & Auslraloa Youlh Fares. 100 
Srnce 1959 ISTC. 323 N Beverly Dr .. 
Boverly HrIiS. Ca 90210. (213) 275-
8 180 (5/29) 

housing 
570 mo + utrl own room rn Encrnlias 
house lor spr qtr 753-5107 aller 6 
pm. (3/2) 
Siudeni roommale wanled. $55. 713 
OSlend Ct . Me One hse fr beach 
488-8 136. Trml Glen (316 ) 

Wmy Iamale roommale needed 10 
share ~ Mar Ut1d""i. '-:ou.,.P ~ 8 
month. Call 755 2148 (3 /6 ) 

Need sev lem 10 share house w v",w 
on Soledad "II $501 mo & ulrl . III 
summer 1827 Amallr (3/6 ) 

Needed Male or Female House 
mal $651 mo rn Del Mar. 755 7871 
(3/6 ) 

Roommale needed lor N ParI< hOuse 
Yard. garage 555 20 154 11 (3/6) 

Share large beauIJlul house In La Jolla 
Ocean v w. exlras. 2728327 (3/6) 

House 10 ahara Unlvcrllty Crly $85 
Incl Ulrl ~53 2~5 1 (3/6 ) 

Your n bog room Nur UCSD 
Ou I $90 mx - maybe less Faml 
pr I rred 453-8768 evu (3/2) 

Pag 12 Triton Times Friday, March 2, 1973 

Room lor renl Fem.. 2 blks Irom 
campus. fireplace, garden. all utrlolreS 
pard - $80 . Call evenrngs. 453-4511 
(2/2) 
For renl 2 BR & 2 balh condo near 
school $315 00 per month. call 453-
8 160 0< 277-4637. (3/ 2) 

personals 
Prrmal Therapy. You've read the book 
Inlerested? Gall/ wrrle Mrke McLane. 
4651 Caslle Cresl Dr. LA 9004 1. (3/3 ) 

Brran We lOve you and desrre your bo-
dy We'ra warlrng al every door Your 
Grrls (312 ) 

Happy Brrthday 10 Carol Branson Irom 
Charlone. 3/3173 (312 ) 

Romeo Thou art splrnrng mrne heart 
asunder Keep me nOI In misery 
longer Julrel. (3/2 ) 

Happy Brrthday Crndy Irom NO . S.D . 
10 & AD (3/21 

MSL - aahh. Friday noghl I, strll 
sweelly singrng rn my heart Love. YSL 
(3/2) 

To lhe Magnlhcent Seven - many 
happy Ihanks Irom a very happy Zom-
bre Lady (In Ih pInk Brrthday Surl) 
(3/2 ) 

wanted 
JOIned Peace Corps? Going Malaysia? 
Lers meel belore Augusl Cell Tim. 
755 8464 (3/2) 

Wanled a book, Formal Logrc Its 
SGope snd LlmllS. by Jell rles. 453 
1451 (3/2) 

Wrll ihe b,ke nder (male. 8boul 19) who 
88W Ihe Campus PolIce SlOp a blue 
Mustang convertrble on Grlman al 
I I 15 a m Frr. 2/ 16 plea conlact 
Sleve. 453·3519 (3/2) 
Sub/IJ(; / needed for Psychology Ox' 
penmenl Involvrng ey -movemenl 
Musl hava modf!1al Iy good ey Slghl 
wllhoul correcllOn 51 68/hr . 15·20 
hr 10 I Sogn up In room 4327. 
Psych-Lrng Bldg M-F 12-2 (3/2) 

Help aid In a clolhfhg drrve lor Ihe Ga-
nado NavaJO Indran Reservallon In Ari -
zona Donale clolhong. lonens and 
blankets Or volunleer your lime Con-
IaCl Judy Belley RN al x I 225 Uni-
versrty Hosprlal or al 205-9343. or 
Susre McFarland PHN 81 xl907 Unl-
versrty Hosprlal or 488-3222 Conleel 
Ihem by Aprrl 3. as they would Irke to 
go 10 the Reservalion by Aprrl 5 (3/2) 

Want 10 buy portable or eleclrlc calcu-
lalor Not more Ihan 5100 Phona Ed 
evenings. 274-811 5. (3 / 2 ) 

Wanled : The large couply map 
"borrowed" Irom lhe hOUSing ollice 
durrng lunch trme. FrI.. 23rd Please re -
return - no questions askad Re-
ward (316) 

Rode needed back east - Dartmoulh 
area Would prefer to stop In Mrchigan 
lor a day 0< two. Conlact or leave a 
message' Dave 453-8352. (3/6) 

Wanl' 4 Mrnl Cooper S 4 l'l-inch Wide 
rrmS rn reasonable shape and lor rea-
sonable COSI. 753- 1569 after 6. (3/6 ) 

Wanled ' Volunleers to lulor Chicano 
children in La Jolla. Call Susan Fergu-
son . 454-2543. (316) 

Revelle Resident Dean's Office rS Inler-
v",wrng lor the Summer Orienl8tion 
Leader and Summer Resldanl Advi-
sor JOb Board and Room and lelslele-
phone for eoghl weeks rs salary Please 
pick up applrcallon al Studenl Employ-
menl (3/9) 

Wanled Home lor 4 monlh old lemale 
lab puppy Call Palncla, En 2095 
(3/2) 

for sale 

'69 Opal GT Blue wI b lack Inl Konl,. 
Lucas. AM-FM SI reo Tape ExhauSI. 
SprlnlS 755-3623 (3/6 ) 

Sony TC-63O 4-track lap record r 7" 
R I - P'OI Retarled 5500 453 

~3 (3/6 ) 

Lad Handb8g1 I new allrgalor 
clulCh bag. brown. sacrrflce $20 00 1 
mel finISh eL glove lealher S 1000 
273 67 1 (3/6) 

'65 VW wrlh 6 monlh old '66 reburli en-
grne. New Brakes. Irres. mufller. accel-
eralor cable Yuned up 2115173 $600 
Call 459-2390, exl. 348 lrom 9 to 2. or 
789· 154 1 (3/2) 

1971 Toyota Corolla Slallon Wagon 
Very Nlcel Only S 1.450 Call 273-
6096 201 I Thomas Ave (3/6) 

VW TN single cab. 1600 Engine 
excel cond,lion Call 488-7205. (3/6 ) 

Sooper elcycle Lock and Kurly Kable 
514 value. yours lor $10. Don'I lelthem 
rip 011 your scooler. Gandhi MacWong. 
453-5346. (3/6 ) 

Grelch Rogue amplrfier. Superb con-
drllon - echo chamber. reverb. Ire-
molo $165. Meleor 453. 453·6902 
(3/6) 

Marun 0 -28 . Gibson ES 125. Epl-
phone alec .• F. ENDER AMP. Dan. 
453-5253. A-45 Tenaya (3/ 6 ) 

Harmony Eleclrrc Guitar: II has 3 pick-
ups and really good aclion. Musl sell, 
$85.00. Cell Gary al 453-0886. (3 /6) 

'6 1 aids "98" All Power good Iranspor-
lalion. some I,ans. problems .. $150 
See JOhn In Beagle Hall No. 206. (3 /6 ) 

Auto-Nrkkor SOmm fl l 4 lens & hood. 
parleet cond .. bargain al S 1 00 Jon. 
453-5346 (3/6 ) 

Sellrng 0 bed $ 10. T. bed $7. bureau 
510. plano $200 0< besl olfer. 453-
7041 alter 5 (3 /6 ) 

SALE - wall bookshelves. bamboo 
bar w/hgh • halchcover lable whrle 
leather sola 280-4253 (3/6) 

Sculplor • . W nl l'l Ion 01 FREE Sleel 
Scrap? Odd shapes. Ilzas Take II 
awayl 755-8682 8\las (3/6) 

Surfboard and wetsurl lor .. Ie ($30) 
Call D.ve. 453 -2~67 (3/2) 

Pau I 10·speed 10< .. Ie. $10500. 
superb cond .• used 3 mo' • .• lorced 10 

II Cell ~53-2000 X· 2943 or 763-
7535 (eves ). and Iv name & no lor 
Sue A (3/2) 

272-7590 Double Bed & Freme. $15. 
Surfboard Conn 7l'l' $35. AM-FM Car 
Radio. Solldstale. $40. (Eves.) (3/6 ) 

Bose 90 I speakers Perfeel condrllOO. 
$210 565-278 1 (3/6) 

For sale' surf board. Nalural Pro-
gression. good shape. 7' Meleor 454. 
453-6902. $35. (312) 

1967 Ford l'l ton pick up trUCk. camper 
shell. carpeled . hitch. Real n ice. Call 
Oan. 453-5817 . (312) 

Bicycle - Grrl 's Schwinn Varsity 10-
spee9 - Like new. sao 45~ -6531 
(3/2)' 

Relrlgeralor - 4 9 cu ft . exc . lor dorm 
or olflc • . Wood COlo<. $60. Paul. 454-
653 1. (3/2 ) 

ObI. bed & frame. $25. Chell 01 
drawars. 55. Kilchen Charrs. 55. EvUl. 
454-1745,' Leslie. (3/2 ) 

Pa llo Sale th is Salurday 9310 
Redwood Drive. Coasl Apartmenls. 
(3/2) 

3M prol. portable R-Io-R lape deck wi 
spkrs + 11 tapes - only l'l yr. old -
5230 453-80 13. Chas (3/2 ) 

HART Competrtion Ski - 1973 brand 
new. never used. 205 cm. Call Jan. 
453·5402 (3/2) 

Terry Iravel trailer. 18 ft. MUSI see. 10-
speed brke. Irkc new. Call 0 n . 453-
5617 (3/2) 

ThIS car has ball - '68 Opel Kadel. 
$450 Needs workl gd. eng-clulch 
46ml rdl hlrl sloreol bella. 753-5107 
(3 /2 ) 

1968 V W. Fastback 40.000 mile. on 
engrne $1000 or beel reasonable 
off r. 729-6588. (16) 

'72 VW Squareback. Air cond . FM 
Stereo L a"ng OIIertea must NIl 
273 7892...... (3/6) 

'68 Chev . V-8 283. 3-1peed. S525 
C.II Ind Ie_ n"", ,nd ~ III 
XI044 (3/6) 


