
Volume 20, Number 2 

!. 
" 

': 

. 

• 
o 

Save Black's Beach 
Drive Begins 

University of California, San Diego 

Smiling Helps -
A Lot 

by Edward Simons 

A week before school let out, I had been inveigled to 
lea'le California at the first opportunity and travel to 
Nashville. There I was to learn to sell dictionaries to an 
unsuspecting populace and make good money doing 
it. We were told at sales school the average first-year 
man made $1923. I signed my contract with the 
company on condition that I would be sent to 
Savannah. My manager said he could arrange it. 

It didn't quite turn out that way. At the end of five 
days our crew was told that we were being sent to 
Minnesota, post haste. That was more-or-Iess that, so I 
told my sales manager he hadn't honored his part of 
the bargain and I was leaving for Savannah. " How are 
you going?" he asked. My dwindling funds had already 
decided that . "Hitch-hiking," I replied. 

Friday, September 28, 1973 

because he offered to put me up for the night. Of 
AND THAT'S HOW I came to find myself on the 1-24 course I protested, but not very convincingly. 

on-ramp at ten p.m., with a duffel bag, suitcase, and 
guitar to keep me company. Now that I was there, I That night while lying on the couch, I mused over 
began to wonder if I had made the right decision . In the day's events and how I had reacted to them. It 
fact, the idea began to form that I had been, after all, occurred to me that I'd been going about this hitch-
fairly stupid. It i a tribute to the trackless wastes of the hiking business the wrong way. There I had stood like a 

The 500-member Committee to Save Black 's Beach wooden Indian, thumb out and long face-J'ust like human mind that I even considered hitching to (CSBB') has begun a petition drive aimed at removing Savannah, I thought. every other hitch -hiker from the dawn of history . 
ths prohibition against nude sunbathing and swimming Thumbing is a lot like selling; you have to get in the 
on the beach, which extends from Mussel Rocks south I guess it was about one-thirty when I cam to the door before you can show the customer anything. Yet I 
to Scripp's Rocks in Torrey Pines State Park. conclusion that hitching at night with long hair and had done nothing to "op n that door"; to let the 

Sherry Thomas, a San Diego resident who heads he three pieces of luggage was inde d difficult. But, I driver know I'm a normal, dec nt person . ales school 
CSBB Steering Committee along with La )oll(an Dr. reasoned, if I was to meet my Watergate on the 1-24 on- had taught me the importanc of a positive mental 
George Brolaski , said that the CSBB hopes to present ramp, I'd face it like a hero guns blazing and chin held attitude. I ould use that. nother maxim came to 
several thousand signatures to the nine-man State high . mind: Be funny and make money. I wasn't hitching to 
Parks and Recreation Committee, which will meet make money. (In fa I, that 's one of the things I had to 
October 12 in San Diego. Luckily, it never came to that. A man in his fifty's convince the drivers I wasn't trying to do.) till , I could 

The petition read, in part: "WHEREAS, Black's stopped and picked me up. In b tween my effu ive use it. 
Beach .. . ... has been used ...... for many years as a thanks, h managed to tell me he was going to THE NEXT MOR lNG, Mrs. Davis gave me breakfast 
place where (the people of San Diego) have had the Murfreesboro, 30 miles south of Nashville. I guess I and took me to the neare t on-ramp. A truly Christian 
option to sunbathe with or without swim must've given him the impression I was pretty tired Continued on page14 
suits ...... and WHEREAS, there is a growing need . l-----------------------,-----------------_~=__ _ _t 
and acceptance of this kind of beach as demonstrated MU"I r Town Cou nC"11 to Meet Student Lobby by the fact that thousands of people have used the 
beach for this reason since the recent California 
Supreme Court decision regarding nudity on remote 
beaches ...... THEREFORE, we the undersigned urge 
that there be no prohibition against the use of Black's 
Beach for this purpose." 

According to Ms. Thomas, the petition campaign was 
initiated in response to increased enforcement of an 
old statute prohibiting public nudity, which had not 
been upheld with any consistency since the state 
Supreme Court ruled two years ago that nude bathers 
were not subject to arrest if they remained in a 
secluded area. 

She said that state park rangers had tolerated nude 
bathing south of Mussel Rocks since the decision. 
Pressure for inforcement from the state commission 

Continued on page 14 

Committee 
Reorganization 

The bureaucracy of 
UCSD has reorganized the 
Registration Fee Commit-
tee and the Student's Life 
Interest Committee 
(S.U.c.) into oblivian, to 
be replaced by the new 
Advisory Committee for 
Student Fee Problems and 
its subsidiary, the Under-
graduate Student Council. 

S.L.I.C was originally set 
up in 1971 as an interim re-
sponse to the sudden 
demise of student govern-
ment at UCSD following an 
overwhelming vote of non-
confidence in the 
Associated Student Govt. 
It main functions were to 
allocate funds raised 
through the student activity 
f e, and the advise the 
Chancellor on the form-
ation of a permannent stu-
d nt government. Last 
pring the Committee 

more or less disbanded 
itself, after recommending 
that an Undergraduate Stu-
dent Council take its place. 

The newly established 
Undergraduate Student 
Council is to be modeled 
after the present Gradu,lte 
Student Council, and will 
continue to oversee the al -
location of student activit-
ies fee funds. 

Stephanie Harris, ex-
chairperson of S.LI.C and 
acting chairperson of the 
new Advisory Committee, 
expressed reserved 
approval of the structural 
reorganization, although 
she has adopted a wait-
and-see attitude depend-
ant on the extent of student 
advisory control over 
fundinR. 

She saw some casue for 
concern in the fact that the 

Continued on page 13 

There will be a meeting of the Muir College Town 
Council Tuesday, 4:30, in the Muir Apartments lounge. 

Both new and returning Muir students interested in 
b coming invloved with the decision-making 
processes of Muir ollege are asked to come. 

Discussions at the meeting will concern how 
students can influence decisions, according to Muir 
College Dean Jim Beckley. • 

Important campus committees will be identified and 
appointments to campus committees will be made. The 
meeting will provide an opportunity for 
representatives of ca mpus committees to describe 
what they are doing and get a reaction from the Muir 
community. 

The Town Council was formed last spring quarter 
when several meetings were held to explore how 
students could affect the governing of Muir College, 
including class offerings, school planning, parking 
problems, and commuter hassles. 

Beckley said he would like to see students take the 
initiative in identifying problems in addition to joining 
a committee solving a recognized problem. 

Beckley encourages students to come to the 
meeting, to figure out what problems are pressing at 
Muir, and get something started to alleviate them. 

The big issue at Muir, Beckley thinks, is the crowd d 
conditions. There has been a 25% plus growth of the 
college, which he said, "makes it more important to 
increse the way students are responded to - not only 
by the staff but at the peer leveL" 

On the peer level, Asst . Dean Fred Henderson 
envisions the opening of a peer center th old North 
Star offices on the first floor of the Muir Commons. 

" What I have in mind," Hender on aid, "is a 
location for involved students to work. Something 
similar to what's going on in Urey Hall . It would also be 
a crisis center where p~ple with problem deal with 
peers similar to talking to an Housing Advi or in the 
dorms." 

Henderson will be working with eight to t n tudent 
in planning the center thi quart r with the offi 
hopefully opening in the winter quart r. 

Continued on page 14 

The function of the Stu-
dent Lobby, a committee 
with one representative 
from each UC campus is to 
study and act on bills that 
concern students. 
Members of the tudent 
Body Presidents Commit-
tee make up the Lobby. 
Three recent UC graduates 
represent the Lobby in 
Sacramento and , as 
codirectors, also take 
charge of the administrat-
ion of the lobby. 

Over the past few year, 
by trial and error, Lobby 
members have learned 
effectiveness in govern-
ment. Though composed 
of individuals, the Lobby 
deals as a group and all 
members adhere to the 
group's deci ions. Recent-
ly, an ssembly bill threat-
ened to bring an end to th 
UC child day care centers 
by reducing funding by 
over 70%. Telegraph , 
phone calls, and visit by 
the lobby members suc-
ceeded in amending the 
bill, aving th c nt rs at 
their pre nt tatu for at 
I a t anoth r y ar. 

in UCSD ha a 
privately funded day car 
enter, h bill will hav no 

affect h reo Thi year, how-
ever, the Lobby hop to 
hav instituted a uniforlll 
day ar, program for th 
univer ity to uarant thi 

for all ampu 

versity laws prohibiting the 
posess ion of alcohol on 
campus. 

Hvo areas will occupy 
most of the tudent 
lobb 's attention in the 
future. The first involve a 
mster plan for po t-second-
ary education. In 1971 a 
committee of state officials 
prepared a detailed report 
on education a student in 
California can receive after 
high school. The prepared 
a Master Plan, a eneral 
philosoph for th state' 
system of universities, tate 
colleges, junior colleges 
vocational chools and 
private school. These sug-
g tions have gradually 
become bill and the lobb 
plans to protect th tu-
d nt's interest in each eg-
m nt of the Mast r Plan . 

Th other problem fcing 
the Lobb i the imminence 
of the u e of coli ctiv 
bargaining by univ r ity 
profe ,)r who prefer 
n gotiating a a roup for 
high r '/'ag and ben fit . 
tudent would bear th 

brunt of .,i h r wag inc 
th gov rnm nt i low rin 
th amount of tat aid t 
schvv; . 

• 



, 

J 

~ltILltIClrltl[) 1 ~ltll()ll?lr~ 
Course Seeks to 

Reduce Drunk Driving 
A special UCSD Extension program aimed at 

reducing drunk driving offenses is under way in San 
Diego Municpal Court. 

"The Impact of Drinking on Driving" is a six-week 
course for many of the 5,000 drunk drivers convicted 
annually in the municipal court distri.ct. 

The course - which has been taught in the EI Cajon 
district since 1971 and in North County since last year 
- first demonstrates to drivers they were not just 
chance victims of an arrest. 

Then it shows how they must change their behavior 
to break a pattern likely to lead to another arrest, an 
accident or death . 

In most cases, the sentencing judge will suspend a 
portion of the driver's fine when he enrolls in the 
course. Each person must attend class one evening a 
week, Tuesday through Friday, or on Saturday 
morning. 

Municipal Court Judge Manuel Kugler, an advocate 
of the program's adoption by the district, cited strong 
recommednations from the Public Health Department, 
and pointed to the course's apparent success in 
outlying districts as reasons the San Diego district is 
introducing it . 

Expertise gained by University Extension is 
conducting the program the past two years was also an 
influential factor. 

Physicians, police officers and the judges themselves 
are brought in to help with teaching. Class size is 
limited to ensure that participating drivers have a 
chance to talk to instructors and guest speakers. 

Information is provided on individual tolerances for 
alcohol, reasons for abusive drinking and ways to avoid 
driving while intoxicated. Doctors spell out exactly 
what happens to the body under the influence of 
alcohol - the effects of a depressant on vision, 
thinking, judgement and reflex time. 

Emphasis is placed on the fact that ability to drive can 
be impaired even below the 1.10 per cent blood-
alcohol level used by California and other states as a 
standard of "intoxication." 

Those teaching the course also stress awareness of 
the power of an automobile and the many dangers 
drinking drivers may subject others to as well as 
themselves . 

Each person enrolled must assess his own drinking 
behavior and test his conclusions against the opinions 
of his peers and the instructor. 

By the time a judge meets with the group at the final 
class session, each driver must be prepared to discuss 
an individual plan of action for the future. 

For further information abo ut the course, contact 
Mrs . Karen Lockwood , the program administrator, at: 
University Extension, P.O . Box 109, La Jolla, CA 92037 ; 
or telephone 453-2000, extension 2084. 

Ecology Center 
Expands Library 

The San Diego Ecology Centre has enhanced its 
library, which is now open to students and the general 
public. Director of Environmental Education, Molly 
Jean Aubery, manages the library from 1:00 to 4:30, 
Monday through Friday, and welcomes interested 
persons to come in, browse, and ask questions. 

"O 'H library contains both general and technical 
publi<:a ions - books, periodicals, and directories - in 
a variet of subject areas. It includes growing audio-
visual and environmental education departments," 
says 'VIrs. Aubery. " We receive new materials every 
day," she continues. "People are welcome to stay here 
to re d and browse, or to check out materials on a 
thirty day basis. We also have f. t: bics, p'Iblirations in 
bulk, Yfhich many teachers and group leaders find 
helpf JI, We are eager to give things away," she says. 

In addition to reading materials, the library has 
posters and illustrations, which can be taken or 
borrc~d for displays. Kits are also available for 
work .hops and study groups of all ages. Students or 
professors who have specific projects in mind and 
limited time may wish to phone (235-0066) before 
coming in, so that materials can be assembled and 
ready for them when they arrive. 

Open five days a week, the Ecology Centre is newly 
located at 340 Kalmia St. in San Diego. Mrs. Aubery is 
available to assist interested students and professors in 
answering questions (on re ycling, citizen action , and 
other subjects); arranging for speakers for clubs and 
classes; and finding sources of information . 

Page 2, 'Triton Times Septemb r i28,1973 

New Faces at Muir 
Fred Henderson and Franny Rothman, new faces in 

the Muir College Dean's office, are off to a good start 
with this year's freshman orientation. Fred, a former 
Muir student who graduated to the position of assistant 
Dean, and Franny, a complete newcomer; entered into 
the job with a ready-made task - Orientation Week. 

The Orientation program, which ran with moderate 
success last year; was the focus of much attention and 
planning this summer. 

Besides Fred and Franny, seven students were 
particularly involved in the planning. Wayne 
Barcikowski, Dennis Cross, Stu Goodman, Charles 
Nash, Nancy Skau, Carolyn Taylor and Virginia Turner 
were hired as summer house advirors, and it was due to 
their energies and creativity, as well as to that of Franny 
and Fred, that the program ran so smoothly . 

Last year, one of the drawbacks to the program was 
the duplication; so much was offere.d simultaneously, 
that the presumable lost freshmen were forced to find 
themselves and to direct themselves with very little 
help from above! A more compact prC?gram with a 
fairly directed flow of events was what was attempted 
for this year, and the results were very good. Fred also 
stressed that the returning students who volunteered 
to work, host and answer questions, were the element 
integral to any successful program. 

Volunteer time still runs the Fishbowl, which unfor-
tuanately can't stay open much, due to th'e lack 
thereof, but the input this year was better than it's been 
before, and if things continue in this vein, freshman 
orientation will develop into the glorious tradition that 
Muir college hopes it to be. 

Grants Available for 
Spanish-Speaking Students 

Spanish-speaking students needing money to 
continue their education after high school are urged to . 
apply for Basic Educational Opportunity Grants, ' 
according to Henry M. Ramirez, chairman of the 
Cabinet Committee on Opportunities for Spanish 
Speaking People. 

Ramirez pointed out that more than $122 million is 
available under the grants program, which is 
administered by the Office of Education of the 
Department of Health , Education and Welfare. 

Applauding the HEW project, Ramirez said that 
"although the grants are limited to first-year, full-time 
post secondary school students, the program marks a 
major step in making higher education available to all 
young people who desire it, especially the Spanish 
speaking." 

Under the basic grant program, students in financial 
need may obtain funds to help pay their educational 
expenses at any a pproved college, university , 
vocational school, technical institute, or hospital 
school of nursing. 

How much a student or his family can contribute 
affects the amount of his basic grant and is determined 
according to a formula established by the U.S. Office of 
Education. 

To apply for a basic grant , an "Application 'for 
Determination of Expected Family Contribution" must 
be obtained, filled out, and ma il d to P.O. Box 3, Iowa 
City, Iowa 52240. 

With in a month the student is notified of the amoun t 
of his family 's expected contribution . 

He then submits the notification to the school of hi s 
choice, which calculate5 the amount of the Basic Grant 
to which he is entitled, Ramirez sa id . 

Application forms are now available at stu dent 
financ ial aid offices at post -secondary institutions, high 
school guidance offices, post offices , State 
employment offices, county agricultural extension 
ag'iOnts, and Talent Search, Upward Bound, and Stu dent 
Special Services projects. 

Lobby Registers Voters 
The Student Lobby and the Lobby Annex, here at 

UCSD, are stepping into act jon this year with a short 
but highly important campaign to register all new 
students, students who have changed their address, 
and students who did not vote in November 1972. 

Students are strongly urged to register at their 
campus address so that they can vote in the special 
election to be held November 6th. 

The special election, which will determine the fate of 
Governor Ronald Reagan's controversial "Tax 
Limitation Plan, " is one ofthe most important elections 
held in California in recent years. This election is of 
critical importance to students as it will directly affect 
the course of higher education . 

The initiative places a ceiling on each year's state 
budget, a limit that will decline each year. Legislative 
Analyst A. Alan Post predicts that drastic cutbacks in 
the state budget are a certainty if the initjative passes. 
One of the state programs most defenseless to such 
cuts would be the University of California. 

The initiative does, however, permit the University to 
raise extra money - by raising tuition. If the budget is 
cut to the extent that most observers predict it could· 
mean a $100. per quarter raise in tuition. 

Deputy Registrars will be stationed at numerous 
points on the campus until Friday October 5th. Since 
th introduction of the 18 year-old vote sudents have 
had a significant impact on numerous elections. The 
November 6th election will provide you with an 
opportunity to help determine the future of the 
University - provided you register to vote. 

Campus Committees 
Need Applicants 

Below is a list of committees that call for student 
appointments and need to be filled as soon as po~sible. 
Check these out and if your curiosity is aroused and 
questions pop-up, call Molly at X2711 - leave your 
name and number, and someone from the Council will 
give ya a call. 

Committee on Naming Buildings, Streets, Colleges, 
and Facilities; Building Advisory Committee for 
Student Center and Student Affairs Facilitie; Ad Hoc 
Beach Development Committee; Program Reveiw 
Committee Subsommittee on Capital Outlay and 
Space; Campus Planning Committee; Housing and 
Food Service Advisory Committee; Program Review 
Committee; Advisory Committee for Student Fee 
Programs; Vending Machine Committee; 
Communications Board; Registration Fee Committee; 
Academic Freedom Committee; Committee on 
Educational Policies; Executive and Policy Committee; 
Library Committee; Special Scholarships; University 
Welfare. 

Tutoring/Aide Training 
(Interdisciplinary 186-189) 

The UCSD Tutoring/Aide Program has been 
established to enable UCSD students to engage in 
tutoring or classroom aide activity in elementary and 
secondary schools. A three quarter course sequence 
provides the vehicle for students to gain practical 
experience about the learning process in actual 
classrooms and relate this $!x perience to theories of 
interpersonal relations, cross' :Jltural communication, 
and education. 

This program began with the concerns of several 
minority students at UCSD to improve the education 
and opportunities of other minority studetns in the 
co mmunity. They felt that extra help and successful 
role models would, help compensate for the obstacles 
faced by minority students in society and the 
educational system. These students, along with faculty 
members of the UCSD Counseling Services Center, 
initiated the tutoring program at San Diego High 
School in the Spring of 1971. With the advent of the 
UCSD Teacher Education Program, which has 
multicultural education as its main concern, the 
tutoring has been expanded to the elementary shcool 
level. 

The tutoring program cou rses operate in the 
following way. Each UCSD stu dent is assigned to tutor a 
small number of high school or elementary school 
students in Math, Science, English, Spanish, ESL, or the . 
Social Sciences (especially history) for a minimum of 6 
hours a week. The tutoring process is monitored by 
student coordinators. All students who are tutoring 
also attend 2 hours a week of class presentations and 
discussions . The faculty coordinators and visiting 
faculty members make formal presentations about the 
learning process, the st ructure of the school, how the 
educational process relates to the Black, Chicano, and 
Native American student, family, and community, and 
other topics relevant to minority education. The faculty 
coordinators also lead discussions which are designed 
to relate each tutor's practical experience to the formal 
presentations and assigned readings. 

Students' progress in the tutoring program is 
continuously evaluated. (1) The faculty coordinators 
and student coordinators monitor students' tutoring 
experience in participating schools. (2) Students 
turn in weekly logs which recount their tutoring and 
in-class activities. (3) Students write a term paper 
integrating assigned readings, class presentations, and 
tutoring experiences. (4) Participating teachers are 
asked to provide comments on each student's 
performance. 

The tutoring program is designed as a three quarter 
sequence in which a UCSD student can tutor for a 
maximum of three quarters as long as he or she tutors 
in a different subject area each quarter. There are, in 
fact, four courses available depending on what area the 
student tutors in. These courses are listed in the 
schedule of classes as follows: 

Interdisciplinary 186: 
Practicum in Learning/Math & Science 

Interdisciplinary 187: 
Practicum in Learning/English 

Interdisciplinary 188: 
Practicum in Learning/Social Sciences 

Interdisciplinary 189: 
Practicum in Learning/Foreign Languages 
& Fine Arts 

The student may apply these courses toward the 
"diversified major" requirement of the elementary 
education creadential available through the Teacher 
Education Program. A student who tutors in Science 
will be able to apply the course toward the math and 
Science area; a student who tutors in English will be 
able to apply the course toward the English area, etc. 

We are actively seeking mature, involved students, 
• especially those from minority backgrounds or who 

have expertise in Spanish, to become involved in the 
high school tutoring aspect of the program. For more 
information, contact the course coordinators Dan 
Munoz (Muir Interdisci plinary Office, Muir 23, ext. 
19(6). 

Low 
Blows 
and·Ch eap 

by Ed Simons Shots 
Back to School 

There we were, Aunt Martha and I, cruising the K-
Mart parking lot trying to grab a berth for her ship of 
the asphalt, the "White Flash". Individually and 
collectively, we felt a sort of impending doom - for it 
was Back-To-School .Days at the big stores. And you 
know what that means. You don't? Think of the 
Christmas rush. "Ah-h-h," you "the Christmas rush." 
Well, back to school sales are just about like it, except 
when the fat lady with the screaming children slashes 
your shopping cart's tires she doesn't say " Merry 
Christmas". 

Martha and I reaHy didn't want to go but someone 
had to buy supplies for the family's youngsters . We 
were the first two out of the games (each played with 
new deck), Aunt with an eight high and our hero with a 
pair of deuces. What luck! If I had stayed in for one 
more hand I could h4v~ gone grocery shopping. Spilt 
milk, what? . 

Anyway, back to the story. 
A big Caddy pulled out of its place. Right in front of 

us, a car had spotted the opening and was beginning to 
make its move. Thinking quickly, Martha switched on 
the fog lamps. While the other driver was trying to 
salvage his retinas, we libetated the parking place. So 
far, so good. Now it was time for a command decision . 

"Which door do we go in?" I asked. 
Martha quickly made up her mind. " The southdoor:' 
We ran pell-mell through the parking lot, heads 

lowered, and clutching our money . 
The south door was chosen because it was one of the 

few that lacked a surrounding crowd of elbows. This is 
probably because it is an exit. All we did is wait for 
someone to come out and we were in. The man who 
afforded us entrance was a battered wreck, eyes glazed 
and muttering incoherently . Martha was instantly 
affected. I could see in her face that her esprit de corps 
had suffered a blow. 

"Come on," I said, giving her a push, "let's go! " 
She snapped out of it and soon we were in the thick 

of things looking for a shopping cart . 
Apparently, all the carts had been commandeered 

early on. The only course left open was theft. 
A scheme came to me. I nudged Martha and pointed 

to some luckless creature rummaging through a 
bargain table, her empty cart close by. 

"See that lady?" 
Martha nodded. 
"I'm going to start a conversation with her and 

distract her. And see that corner? As soon as I've got 
her attention, wheel the cart around that corner and 
up the aisle. We'll rendevous at the confection stand. 
Got it?" . 

"Gotcha, " she grinned. 
I sauntered up to the enemy and started to talk to all 

I could see - the top of her head. 
"Nice day, isn't it, m'am?" 
" It's eight o'c1qck at night," she rasped. 
"Well," I continued, "uh, I think it's the clouds, you 

know? Makes for a very dark day , wouldn't you say?" 
She raised her head at that. Lips pressed into a line, 

she gave me the once-over. Satisfied, she went back to 
her search. 

My further attempts at badinage elicited no more 
than a variety of grunts and snorts. Things were looking 
bad - then she found what she was looking for . 

" Aha!" she smiled, holding up a pencil eraser 
molded to look like Bullwinkle the Moose. 

The time had come so I gave Martha the sign. I 
folded my arms on my chest and looked the lady in the 
eye. 

"I'll be frank, m'am," I said. "I need that Bullwinkle 
eraser." I stretched out my arm. "Let me have itl " 

She looked at me like I was Uncle Fred, the fa':lily 
. shame, and said only one word : "Managerl" 

Per arrangement, Aunt Martha was hugging the 
co nfection stand. She had the cart and was ready to go. 

"Whewl" I whewed . "I barely-" 
"Cut the jabber and let's move out," she dipped. 
We sliced through cameras, drove through 

hardware, and made it safely to housewares . 
" What are we doing here," I asked . 
"I'm going to buy one of these plastic wa te bins," 

Martha replied. . 

Who am I to break with tradition? I dumped the 
yellow slips into the next can. 

Martha was talking. "Now we get to the tough part . 
Iinder paper." 

You can't imagine the terror' that gripped my vitals 
when she spoke those words. A man had come over 
the PA system announcing a sale on binder paper. It 
couldn't have been twenty seconds before now. 

By the time we got there, the hardened vets had 
already dug in at the frontof the crowd, stacking 'em in. 

Martha took charge of things like she was born to it. 
"Follow mel" she shouted, and waded into the thick of 
the crowd. . 

I swear, she was a marvel to see. An elbow here, a 
knee there, and the paper was hers for the asking. 
While she protected my flank, I pulled in the binder 
paper. A few seconds later we were in the clear. 

When next I noticed, Martha looked a little down, 
the first signs of battle fatigue. 

Putting a hand to her shoulder, I told her, "Bear up, 
kid. We wonl" It helped a little bit . Then that 
ubiquitous announcer prodaimed a sale on all 
remaining bookbags, the last thing on our list . I 
glanced at Martha . The fire was gone from her eyes, 
the lilt in her step had degenerated into a plod. 

I pulled her rather harshly . "Let's go get 'em!" I 
shouted. 

We raced through auto parts, up along tobacco; our 
main thrust aimed at the millinery goods. There the 
bags were cached in a large bin. I think the exhiliration 
of our mad dash for the bags was bringing the sparkle 
back to Martha's eyes. 

The enemy was hot on our heels, breathing down 
our red necks. I had to do something. 

Just as we turned into the main causeway on the final 
leg on our swath, a pyramid of Halvoline oil caught my 
eye. Surreptitiously, I kicked the holy hell out of the 
bottom left corner. I didn 't stop to look but I could well 
imagine that cascade of thirty weight detergent oil. 

A voice rose like Phoenix from the ashes of 
confusion behind us. "Manager!" it bellowed, and I 
knew Aisle 3 was mine. 

Of course, there were more coming in on the 
connecting rows. Martha was back to form now. And 

' with Martha at my back I had little to fear during the 
fierce infighting at the front . I grabbed the three book 
bags we needed uncontested and we retreated . 

I was riding shotgun and Martha was at the helm as 
we pushed through the fringes of the battle on the way 
to the peace counters. 

Oh, the devastation I Spike heels abandoned where 
they came off, smoking carcasses of shopping carts, 
crying children. That's the worst of it; the children. 
How can you tell one of these back-to-school sale 
orphans the truth? That her mother is ... is- in 
tlppliilnCes? 

Well, let the dead bury the dead, I say. We were 
alive and well. We stood in line and paid our 
reparations at the p~ace co.unter and left . And now that 
it's over. I think we can all breathe a little easier. 

Alive and Well at UCSD 
Since no one else is going to say it, I won 't either. 

Who cares about freshmen? I think we can rule out the 
Housing Administration, eh? Ha-ha . I think Hannah goC 
her numbers wrong. Only thirty two extra freshman 
seems a little off. I'd estimate we're only over by, say, 
one or two. Hundred. 

I, too, have once found myself in the unenviable 
position of being a freshman . I know what it's like. you 
can sing a all night about how good it is to be a 
freshman, but in your hearts - where it counts - you 
know you're nothing. 

Being a freshman, one can't help being a pain in the 
anatomy. Now, I assume most of you fish are basically 
nice people and don't want to bug anybody, right? So 
in order to acquaint you with some of the fine, old 
traditions and standards of UCSD, I've asked an old 
friend of mine to tell you a little about the place. I 
introduce to you Shakespeare Spaniel, one of the 
original "Revelle Dogs". Shakey? 

"Tha nk you, Dr. Simons. " 
"Now I've been around Revelle college for a lon g 

time and regardless of the impressions of your first few 
days, it can teach you something. ' 

"Take the Revelle cafeteria. Pul -ease! Most of us 
dogs won't eat food from the cafeteria. If you see one 
of us eating t~at food , you ' ll know he's a non-union 
sca b. Kick him. You might see one of my scout$ in the 
caf. every now and then . 

You see, we've been running spot-checks on that 
food every now and then for years - in fact , that 's how 
I started out. The grub is marginally better this quarter, 
but experience has show that it will get wors.e as the 
money runs out. I choose "Gaines Burgers." I 

" The residence halls are probably the things the 
impresses new students the most. After almost 20 years I 
under the lash, you find yourselves so free . You'll look 
up from you book, gaze out the window and say. 
" Well, I made it. Here I am at UCSD." Big deal, you I 
smack. The question is, what are you going to do with 
it? " 

"What others have done with this freedom in days 
past is the basis of this thing called tradition . 

"There ar two kinds of tradition : The one 

Need an extra lift 
twice a week? 
It's as easy as filling 
out the coupon below 

---..... ----
SUBSCRIPTIONS 
TRITON TIMES 
LOWER BLAKE HALL 
UCSD 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 

YES, I WOULD LIKE A SUOSCRIPTION TO 
THE TRITON TIMES FOR: 

o FALL 0 WINTER 
OUARTER QUARTER 
($2.50) ($2.50) 

NAME .... 

ADDRESS " 

o SPRING 0 ENTIRE 
OUARTER YEAR 
($2.50) 73-74 

($7.00) 

I moved over to inspect them. They were made of 
green plastic and the top one in the stack had a pile of 
yellow slips, all bearing the doleful legend: "Inspected 
by 32." 

I burbled, "And they come complete with matching 
garbage. How thoughtful .... " 

originated by the administration, and the other begun I 
by students. The former is designed to chann I CITY . .... 
students' energies into nondestructive activities. su h S 
as the wat rmelon contest. The latter is aimed toward TATE,ZIP . . . . . . . . . . .. .. J 
having fun. Dunking birthday boy in th fountain at I SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDER PAYABLE 

C . d 2 TO TRITON TIMES WEAAENOT U~ ••• I!!!!!!I!!!!!!!!!!I.I!!I!!!!!!I!!!II!I!! •• __ .!!!!I!I!!!!!!!!!!!o!!n!!t!!ln!!!u!!e!!!o!!n!!!p!!a!!g!!e!!'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I!II.!!!!!IJ '-- RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST MONEY 
• I - • ,. ' ••• ' " • .. ...... 1.' .... '.. '._. ~-.... ----_ ... ·0 ':.' t '. 

Martha was curt . "Grab one and let's go." 

Pag 3, ~riton Tim eptember 28, 1973 



Letters to the Editor 
Robber Barons 

Editor: 
Your Tuesday editorial 

did not cover the whole 
story. Ronald Reagan 's 
November referendum will 
do much more than just 
raise UC tuitions. Reagan is 
attempting to place an 
inflexible limit on the Calif-
ornia state budget. If the 
measure passes, A. Alan 

aspirations. 
Get registered and use 

your vote on November 6 
to repudiate this robber-
baron philosophy. 

Yours Iruly, 
Don .. ldG,..y 

Disgusted 
Post estimates that state Dear Sir: 
spending would be down 
1.4 billion by 1977. Add to 
this the spiralling inflation 
and it is apparent that 
important public services 
will be drastically cut. 
Junior colleges will be 
forced to charge tuition , 
thus destroying the 
opportunities of thousands 
of poverty-level workers 
who have families to 
su pport and who also Vlant 
to further their education 
and career options. Day 
care, remedial and early 
childhood education 
would be pruned. Perhaps 

For some years I have 
been confused as to 
whether our university is 
merely immature or , 
rather , the parochial 
attempt of a group of 
oblivious amateurs to 
administer a campus. I' ll 
tell you what I mean . I am 
disgusted by the rudeness, 
blindness and inhumanity 
that pervades many of the 
services or (more to the 
point) the lack thereof 
within our so-called 
community. 

cruelest of all, property tax Now I am convinced 
relief for senior citizens that, instead of an ombu~s­
would be abolished. The man, we have an omnls-
measure would reduce cient administrator whose 
state personal income tax purpose it is to generate 
by 7.5%, thus effectively re- continuous obstruction 
quiring large raises in sales and inconvenience. He 
and property taxes, which makes sure that services all 
hit the poor hardest. but disappear during the 
Reagan's plan is simply a summer, in spite of a lairly 
matter of ripping off the stable population of grad-
poor to ease the tax burden uate students and faculty 
on the affluent; saving during the summer 
money on the programs months. He has ascertained 
that give the poor some that there is no generally 
relief and hope of escaping available place to sit and 
poverty. ponder a beer or the un i-

Underlying Reagan's verse. He has closed the 
measure is a philosophical north entrance to Gilman 
commitment against taxes Drive, inconveniencing 
and humane governmental those who live in North 
action : If an in dividual County and worsening the 
spends money for cars, Big 5 p.m. traffic problem at 
Macs, and Roto Rooter the south end of campus. 
Serv ice, tt- at is fine . But to When the bookstore is kind 
spend n oney through enough to accept special 
taxes for cay care, I gal aid orders (which they are not, 
to the poor , sc hool always) he ascertains thaI 
lunches, I.braries, colleges, the ord r will likely be 
public m ~dica l ca re and fil led incorrectly . He denies 
an ti-pollulion programs is summer r gistration ca rds 
immoral, socialiStiC, en- to many K'dduo~ udents 
cou rages softness and feeds and so deprives them of th 
mammoth bureau ra cies. few remaining services. Et 
But, for tl 0 e like Reagan, c I rd, et c tera, et cet ra . 
gov rnm nt does hav.e a 
just and Jro per function : I don't know who this 
10 nfor t "law and o rder" administraror is . BUI he 
and "peace .with honor." d s rves our unanimous 
That is, there must always praise. He is certainly the 
b a police fo rce adequate most efficient administrator 
to k ep the starving rabbi we've gol. 
from pillaging Milord's S'n erely, 
manor; and there must b lee H. Kronenberg 
arm d forces to prot this 
investm nts over eas and P.S. Perhaps Holly Holmes 
xpand the opportuniti knows who he is. 

lor such investment , r - . ...1 6 
gardl s of , Th ird , W,orld Con~tnue .... qn pag 
Pag 4, Triton Tim 5 September 28,1973 

.. , . .. , , I. 

'SAVE IT, GENERAL - YOU'LL NEED IT YOURSELF, SOON ENOUGHI 

KLASSIK KWOT[S 
WAR 
From 

PHILOSOPHICAL 
DICTIONARY 

By Voltaire 
Translated by Haskel Block 

Famine, plague, and war are the thre.e m.ost 
famous ingredients of this vile world. In famtne 
we can include all the bad food that poverty 
forces on us, to shorten our life irl the effort of 
sustaining it . . . 

Plague includes all of the contagious diseases, 
which number two or three thousand. These two 
presents come to us from Providence. But war, 
which combines all of these gifts, comes to us 
from the imagination of three or four hundred 
persons scattered over this globe under the 
name of princes or ministers, and it is perhaps for 
this reason that in several dedications they are 
called living images of Divinity. . . 

The most determined of flatterers WIll readily 
agree that war always brings. pestilence and 
famine in its wake, from the little that he may 
have seen in the hospitals of the armies of 
Germany, or the few villages he may. have passed 
through in which some great explOIt of war ha.s 
been performed. . . . 

That is doubtless a very ftne art which rums 
countries, destroys habitations, and in a normal 
year causes the death of from forty to a hundred 
thousand men. This invention was first cultivated 
by nations assembled for their common good;for 
instance, the parliament of the Greeks declared 
to the parliament of Pehrygia and neighboring 
nations, that they intended to depart on .a 
thousand fishers' barks, to exter-minate them If 
they could. . 

The assembled Roman people judged that It 
was to their interest to go and fight, before 
harvest, against the people of Veii or the 
Volscians. And some years later, all the Roman s, 
angered at all the Carthaginians: fought them for 
a long time on sea and land . It IS not exactly the 
same at present. . 

A genealogist proves to a prince that he 
descends in a direct line from a count, whose 
parents made a family compact, three or four 
hundred years ago, with a house, whose very 
memory does not even exis!. This hou.se had 
distant pretensions to a provtnce, of w.hlch the 
last possessor died of apoplexy. Th.e prtn~e an.d 
his council easily conclude that thiS province IS 
theirs by divine right. This province, which is 
some hundred leagues away from him, in vail" 
protests that it knows hi~ not; that . it has no 
desire to be governed by hIm; that to ~Ive law to 
its people, he ~ust at least have their consent; 
these discourses do not even reach as far as the 
ears of the prince, whose right is incontestable. 
He immediately assembles a great number ?f 
men who have nothing to lose, dresses them In 
coarse blu cloth, borders their hats wit.h broad 
white ribbon, makes them turn to the fight and 
left and marches to glory . 

Other princes who hear of this expedition take 
part in it , each according to his power, and cover 
a small extent of country with more mercenary 
murderers than Genghis Khan , Tamerlane, and 
Bajazet employed in their train . . 

Distant p ople h ear that they are gomg to 
fi ht, and that they may gain five or six sous a 

day, if they will come alo,:,g; they divide 
themselves into two bands, Itke reapers, and 
offer their services to whoever will employ them. 

These multitudes fall upon one anothe.r, not 
only without having any interest in the affair, but 
without knowing what it "OlJ I about. 

We see at once five or six belligerent. powers, 
sometimes three against three, som.ettm~s two 
against four, and sometimes one a?~tnst ~Iv e; all 
equally detesting one another, u.nlttng v-.:lth and 
attacking by turns; all agree in a stngle poInt, that 
of doing all the harm possible. 

The most wonderful part of this infernal 
enterprise is that each chief of the murderers has 
his colors blessed, and solemnly i~vokes God 
before going to exterminate his nelg~bor. If a 
chief has only the good fortune to kill two or 
three thousand men, he does not thank God for 
it; but when he has exterminated about ten 
thousand by fire and sword, and, to complete the 
work some town has been levelled with the grou~d, they then sing a long song in four parts, 
composed in a language unknown to ~II who 
have fought, and moreover replete .wlth bar 
arisms. The same song serves for marrtag~s an~ 
births, as well as for murders; ,:"hlch IS 
unpardonable, particularly in the natIon most 
famous for new songs. . 

Natural religion has a t~o.usand. tImes 
prevented citizens from c0r:'m l!ttn~ crlme~ .. A 
well-born spirit has not the Incllnatu;)O for . It, a 
tender one is alarmed at it, repres~~t~ng to .It ~elf 
a just and aven'ging God. But artifiCIal relIgion 
encourages all the cruelties exercised by troops, 
conspiracies, seditions, ~illages, ambuscades, 
surprises of towns, robberies, and murder. Eac~ 
marches gaily to crime, -under the banner of hIS 
saint. 

A certain number of orators are everywhere 
paid to celebrate these murderous d~ys; some 
are dressed in a long tight black coat, With a short 
cloak ' others have a shirt above a gown; som.e 
wear 'two pieces of material hanging over their 
shirts. All of them speak for a long tim~, and 
quote that which was d?ne of old. in Palestine, as 
applicable to a combat In Veteravla. . 

The rest of the year these people declaIm 
against vices. They prove, in three points and by 

triton tiIiles 
Editor-in-Chief . .. . .... . .. David l. Buchbinder 
City Editor .. ........... . . . . . .. .... . Greg Hicks 
Managing Editor . ... .... .... ... Michael Sesma 
Copy Editor . . .. ... .. .. . .... .. . . . James G. S?to 
Business Man .. ger ...... . .... .. Nancy ManCinO 
Editorial Direclor . . . . .... .. . ... . Mark McCarty 
Arts Editor . . . .. . .... . . . ........ . . larry Deckel 
Sports Editor ... .. . . ..... . . . .. ... . .. Mark lis.ka 
Photoguphy Editor .......... . . Malcolm Smith 
Secretary ... .. .... . .......... .. Corinne Cacas 
Asso<:i .. te City Editors .... . .. ... . .... Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 
Tim O'Neil 

Asst. Business Man .. ger . . ....... . . Ramon Ruiz 

The TRITON TIMES i5 officially recOIn Iud u a . tudent 
newspaper by the Communlciltlon Board of the Unlnr-
Illy of California, San DieIO, Bulldln. 250, M.1Hhews 
Campus, La JoiliI, C .. IHorn'" 92037. rubllcatlon " twke 
weekly on Tuesday. and friday .. Offkes Ire Ioc: .. ted In 
Room 117, Bllke H .. II, Renlle Cllmp .... for ICInrthln. 
phone 453-1722, or 45J-ltOO, X 1.17; for edltori.tl or llewt 
phone X 1.16. 

antitheses, that ladies who lay a little carmine 
upon their cheeks ·will be the eternal objects of 
the eternal vengeances of the Eternal; that 
Polyeucte and Alhalie are works of the demon; 
that a man who, for two hundred crowns a day, 
has his table furnished with fresh sea fish during 
lent, infallibly works his salvation; and that a 
poor man who eats two sous and a half worth of 
mutton, will go forever to all the devils . 

Of five or six thousand declamations of this 
kind, there are three or four at most, composed 
by a Gaul named Massillon, which an honest 
'man may read without disgust; but in all these 
discourses, you will scarcely find two in which ' 
the orator dares to say a word against the scourge 
and crime of war, which contains all other 
scourges and crimes. The unfortunate orators 
speak incessantly against love, which is the only 
consolation of mankind, and the only way of 
reconstructing it; they say nothing of the 
abominable efforts which we make to destroy it. 

You have made a very bad sermon on 
impurity, 0 Bourdalouel - but none on these 
murders, varied in so many ways; on these 
rapines and robberies; on this universal rage 
which devours the world. All the united vices of 
all ages and places 'will never equal the evils 
produced by a single campaign. 

Miserable physicians of souls! you exclaim, for 
five quarters of an hour, over some pricks of a 
pin, and say nothing on the disease which tears 
us into a thousand. piecesl Philosophers! 
moralistsl burn all your books. While the caprice 
of a few men causes thousands of our brothers to 
be murdered, that part of the human race 
dedicated to heroism will be the most dreadful 
thing in all nature. 

What becomes of humanity, beneficence, 
modesty, temperance, mildness, wisdom, and 
piety, and what difference do they all make to 
me, while half a pound of lead, sent from the 
distance of six hundred steps, pierces my body, 
and I die at twenty years of age, in inexpressible 
torments, in the midst of five or six thousand 
dying men, while my eyes which open for the last 
time, see the town in which I was born destroyed 
by fire and of women and children expiring 
under the ruins, all for the pretended interests of 
a man whom we do not know? 

What is worse, war is an inevitable scourge. If 
we take notice, all men have worshipped the god 
Mars. Sabaoth, among the Jews, signifies the god 
of arms; but Minerva, in Homer, calls Mars a 
fu rious god, out of his mind, infernal. 

THEIR MORAL 
PHILOSOPHY 

From UTOPIA 
By Thomas More 

Translated By H.V.A. Ogden 
The Utopians wonder that there is any man who 
delights in the faint gleam of a little gem when he 
can look at some star or even the sun itself. They 
marvel that there is any man so foolish as to thin k 
himself the nobler because of the fine texture of 
his woolen clothing. No matter how fine the 
thread, a sheep once wore it, and the sheep was 
a sheep still for all its wearing it. They wonder 
tha t gold, so useless a th ing in itself, is 
everywhere so highly esteemed that man 
himself, through whom and by whose use it 
obtains its value, should be less revered than it. 
And they do not understand why a blockhead 
with no more brains than a post, and bad as well 
as stu pid, should have many wise and good men 
serving him, only because happens to own a 
great sum of gold. If he should lose all his money 

! to some utterly worthless fellow in his 
household, either by some chance or by a legal 
trick (which can produce changes as great as 
chance does), he would soon become one of this 
fellow'S servants, as though he belonged to the 
money and was bound to follow its fortune. But 
still more the Utopians scorn the folly of those 
who pay almost divine honors to a rich man, 
though they owe him nothing and do not fear 
him, and all the while they may know that he is 
so greedy and grasping that as long as he lives he 
will never give them a single penny from his 
great pile of money. 

In their moral philosophy, they argue much as 
We do. They consider what things are truly good, 
both for the body and the mind, and whether it is 
proper to ca ll external things good or only the 
gi fts of the mind. They inquire into the nature of 
vi rtue and pleasure. But their chief concern is 
abo ut human happiness, whether it consists of 
one thing or of many. They seem much inclined 
to the view that all or most of human happiness 
lies in pleasure. And what may seem strang , 
they seek support for their pleasure philosoph y 
from religion, which is serious and stern, 
somewhat severe and forbidding. For they ~ever 
discuss happiness without combining the 

rational principles taken from religion . They 
think any inquiry concerning true happiness 
weak and defective unless it is based on religion . 

The religious principles are these: that the soul 
of man is immortal and by divine benificencehas 
been ordained for happiness; and after this life 
there are rewards appointed for our virtues and 
good works and punishment for our sins. They 
think that although these beliefs belong to 
religion, it is in accordance with reason that they 
be held and acknowledged. They do not hesitate 
to assert that if these were rejected, no one 
would be so stupid as not to discern that he 
ought to seek pleasure regardless of right and 
wrong. A man would only need to take care ncit 
to let a lesser pleasure stand in the way of the 
greater, and not to pursue a pleasure which 
brings so rrow in its train . From this point of view, 
it is sheer madness to pursue virtue, wich seems 
hard and harsh, and to give up the pleasures of 
life and endure pain willingly, and all for 
noth ing. For what can one hope for after a life 
without pleasure, that is, after a miserable life, if 
there is no reward after death? 

The Utopians do not believe that there is 
happiness in all pleasures, but only in good and 
honest pleasures. To such, they believe, our 
nature is drawn as to its highest good by virtue 
itsel f. The opposite point of view is that 
happiness consists of virtue alone. 
. They define virtue as living according to 
nature. We have been ordained, they say, by 
God to th is end. To follow nature is to conform 
to the dictates of reason in what we seek and 
avoid. The first dictate of reason is ardently to 
love and revere the Divine Majesty, to whom we 
owe what we are and whatever happihess we can 
reach . Secondly, reason warns us and summ9ns 
us to lead our lives as calmly and cheerfully as we 
can, and to help all others in nature's fellowship 
to attain this good. 

They disagree with the grim and gloomy 
eulogist of virtue, who hates pleasure and 
exhorts us to toils and vigils and squalid self-
denial, and at the same time commands us to 
relieve the poverty and lighten the burdens of 
others in accordance with our humanity. He 
proclaims that this is the glory of human nature, 
to mitigate the sufferings of others and restore 
the joys of living - that is, pleasure - by driving 
grief away. If this is true, the Utopians argue, 
does it not follow that nature incites us to do the 
same for ourselves? If a joyful life (that is, one of 
pleasure) is bad, then we ought not to help 
others to it; on th~ cont~ary we ought to keep 
them from it. But if a joyful life is good, and if we 
are supposed to help others to enjoy one, why 
should we not seek such a life for ourselves as 
much as for others? For nature does not teach us 
to be harsh and cruel to ourselves while being 

. kind and helpful to each other. 
So they conclude that nature herself prescribes 

a life of joy (that is, of pleasure) as the goal of life. 
This is what they mean by saying that virtue is 
living according to nature. And as nature bids us 
mutually to make our lives merry and delightful, 
so she also bids us again and again not to destroy 
or diminish other people's pleasure in seeking 
our own. And in this they think nature is quite 
right. No one is so much above the rest of 
mankind that he is nature's sale care. She 
cherishes all alike whom she embraces in the 
community of the same form . 

Consequently they believe that men should 
keep their private agreements, and should obey 
those public laws which a good ruler has justly 
decreed or which the people, influenced neither 
by force nor fraud, have freely sanctioned. For 
such laws determine the distribution of goods, 
and goods are a prerequisite of pleasure. 

They think it is prudent for a man to pursue his 
own advantage so far as the laws allow, but they 
account it as piety for him to prefer the public 
good to his own. It is wrong for a man to seek his 
own pleasure by thwarting another'S; but to 
decrease his own to add to the pleasure of others 
they count a work of humanity and benevolence, 
a nd one, moreover, which benefits him as much 
as he benefits others. For in time of need he may 
be repaid for his kindness. Even if this never 
happens, his awareness that he did a good deed 
and the re ollection of the gratitude of those 
whom he benefited will delight hi mind more 
than the pleasure he gave up would have pleased 
his body. Finally they believe what religion easily 
persuades a well-disposed mind to believe, that 
God repay the loss of a short and transitory 
pleasure with gr at and endless joy. 

Thus after weighing the matter carefully, they 

" 

Clearance Sale! 
3 posters for the price of 1. 

vel /1 ON Sltop 
j219 .Afilli"" H/vi/. 

. " 
. , 

' . 

conclude that all our actions, and among these 
our virtues, ultimately look toward pleasure and 
happiness a~ their end. They call pleasure all the 
acts and states of body or mind in which man 
naturally delights. But they include in their 
concept of pleasure only those appetites to 
which nature leads us. And they maintain that 
nature leads us only to the delights approved by 
right reason as well as by the senses, that is only 
those delights by which we neither inju re others, 
nor lose a greater pleasure for a less, nor suffer 
for later. Those attractions which are inconsistent 
with nature and which men call delights only by 
the emptiest of fictions (as if men could change 
their nature by changing their name), these 
things they say diminish happiness rather than 
increase it. For men whose minds are filled up 
with a false idea of pleasure have no room left for 
true pleasures and gen uine del ight. 

There are many things that in themselves 
contain nothing delightful, but on the contrary 
have no little bitterness about them. Yet from the 
perverse enticement of evil desires, they are 
esteemed not only as very great pleasures, but 
even as the most urgent goals in life. Among 
those who pursue this kind of false pleasure, the 
Utopians include the men I mentioned who 
think themselves better for having fine,. clothes. 
Such men are twice mistaken . They are no less 
mistaken in thinking their clothes are better than 
other men's clothes than they are in thin king that 
they themselves are better. If you consider the 
use of clothes, why is wool made of fine thread 
better than wool made of coarse thread? Yet 
these men carry their heads high and think they 
are somehow superior, as if they excelled by 
nature and not by wrong opinion. So they 
require in their own right the honor which they 
would not expect if they were poorly dressed, 
and are indignant if they are slighted. 

It is the same kind of folly to be pleased by the . 
useless marks of outward respect. What natural 
or true pleasure can you get, if some one bares 
his head to you or bends his knees? Will the pain 
in your knees be eased thereby, or the madness 
in your head? The same mistaken ideas of 
pleasure are held by men who flatter and 
applaud themselves for their ancient ancestry 
and especially for their ri ch estates (for nothing 
but wealth makes nobility at present). Yet they 
do not think themselves a whit less noble, even if 
these ancestors left them nothing, or if they 
themselves have squandered their inheritance. 

To these foolish pleasures they add gambling 
(which they know only by hearsay) and hunting 
and fowling. What pleasure is it, they say, to 
throw dice? If there were any pleasure in it, would 
not throwing them over and over again make 
one tire of it? What pleasure can there be in 
hearing the barking and hOWling of dogs? W:Oy i' 
a dog chaSing a hare more enjoyable than a dOr 
chasing a dog? For the same thing is done in each 

Continued on page 6 

r~[[ 
Bridqe Lessons 

To UCSD Students 
Series of Six L~fitOIlCii 

on Sunday Nights 
7pm 

Revelle North Dining Hall 

Page 5, Triton Time ptemb r 1973 

• 



Meet George Ellis, 
President eX your new bank, 

La Jolla Bank&Trust~ 

v .. 

Independent, locally-owned banking is here now in La Jolla 
offering ... 
• Free checking accounts for as long as you bank with U8, 
with no minimum balance. 
• First 50 checks free. 
• Extended banking hours : 8:00 - 5:30 Monday -Thursday, 
8 :00 - 6:00 Fridays, and 9:30 - 12:30 Saturdays. 
• The convenience and service of La Jolla's only independ-
ently-owned, full-service bank. 
• Free postage both ways. 

Why wait to have banking decisions made downtown? 
George and the other officers and personnel of La JoUa Bank & 
Trust Company can make the decisions now. And we're open-
ing with La J oUa's only hometown Trust Department. 

Open your account today! 
Drop by for coffee. 

Following is a major policy statement issued by the Board of 
Directors of La Jolla Bank & Trust Company: 

"It is the policy of La Jolla Bank & Trust Company that it 
will not merge or be the object ot purchase by any other finan-
cial institution and that it will remain a permanent, independ-
ent, and locally-owned bank of and for the people of La Jolla ." 

Permanent offices under construction at The La Jolla Bank & Trust 
Company Building, Prospect & Ivanhoe, La JoUa, California 92037 

Member F.D.I.C. 

, . 

LOUIS J H AAK 
Vice Pr ident·Ca8hier 

l'fBI.! P G ~ ADEN 
lnan ffK't!r 

P g 6/ Triton Time September 28, 1973 

'I HAYI TO UISI TNI 'IICI Of GAS iO I CAN A"O.D IN ORDI. TO ITAY ALiVI 
TO SILL YOU TNI GASOLINI TO on YOU TO TNI SU ... IMA.KR TO .1 TAKIN TO TN. 

Letters to 
the Editor 

Continued from page 4 

the Mind Matter 

Ecltor: 

As a philosophy student I 
have spent much time-
reading treatises debating 
the immortality of the mind 
or soul. These discussions 
are interesting, but tend to 
become monotonous. I 
believe that I have come up 
with some questions that 
are of equal merit and 
somewhat novel, just the 
thing needed to revitalize 
speculation. To whit : Is The 
Digestion Immortal? If we 
grant this point, then does 

. the digestion digest? If so, 
what would it digest? Just 
as the mind contemplates 
pure Platonic forms, so 
might the digestion digest 
spiritual foods. And just as 
the mind that has perform-
ed well and nobly during 
life might enjoy sweet 
imaginings of joy and love 
and week4!Ads, so might 
the faithful digestion enjoy 
a feeling of fullness, churn 
content and ulcer free. 
There is certainly no limit 
to the subtlety and interest 
of such speculation. Now 
consider this - Does Cop-
ulation Thrive Eternally? 
(See Hank Steiman's . "Is 
There Sex After Death?"). 

Yours in etemam, 
Echon Thatch 

CLIAND .. ' . 

KWOTES Continued from page 5 
case, that is running - if that is so enjoyable. But 
if a man hopes' to see the hare torn to pieces 
before his eyes, he ought instead to pity the 
timid harmless hare, fleeing from a fierce dog 
only to be torn to pieces by the cruel beast in the 
end. So the Utopians, regarding this whole 
business of hunting as a thing unworthy of free 
men, turn it over to their butchers, who (as I have 
said) are bondmen . . They count hunting as the 
lowest kind of butcher work. It is more useful 
and honorable to keep cattle and kill them only 
when needed. But a hunter seeks sheer pleasure 
from the slaughter and mutilation of some small 
helpless animal. They think this enjoyment in 
beholding deaths, even in beasts, comes from an 
inherently cruel disposition or from the habitual 
practice of cruelty in so brutal a pleasure. 

They discriminate several kinds of true 
pleasures, some belonging to the mind, others to 
the body. Those of the mind are knowledge and 
the delight which comes from contemplation of 
the truth; also the pleasant recollection of a well-
spent life and the assured hope of future well-
being. 

They divide bodily pleasures into two sorts . 
The first kind is that which fills the senses with 
immediate pleasure. This occurs when the body's 
parts are renewed and refreshed by food and 
drink, or when some excess in the body is 
discharged, as in bowel movements, procreation, 
or rubbing and scratching some itch. 

There is a second kind of bodily pleasure that 
neither repairs nor relieves our bodies, but 
excites our senses with some hidden but 
unmistakable force and turns them inwardly 
upon themselves. Such is the pleasure that 
comes from music. 

Another form of bodily pleasure consists of a 
quiet, sound condition of the body, its general 
well-being when disturbed by no disease. This 
condition in itself gives inward pleasure, though 
it is not excited by anything external. Although it 
affects the senses less strongly then the obvious 
satisfaction of eating and drinking, yet many 
count this the greater pleasure. Most of the 
Utopians say that this is the foundation of all 
pleasures, since it alone makes a calm and 
desirable condition. If it is lacking, there is no 
chance for any other pleasure. Mere absence of 
pain .they call insensibility, not pleasure, unless it 
is a state of health . 

Of all the pleasures they especially embrace 
Continued on page 16 

READ THE FINE PRINT! 
STUDENTS may temporarily park in areas posted for "S" parking 
without a permit starting September 20, 1973. Student ("S") parking 
permits are on sale at the Central Cashier's Office (Building 40 I MC) 
and must be displayed on vehicles on campus starting October 12, 
1973. 
Student Parking Areas: 
Revelle College 
Lot 18 Un metered rows that are not reserved for" B" use as indicated by signs at -

ends of rows 
Lot IC Any marked parking space 
Muir College 
Lot l.A Un metered rows that are not reserved for "A" or " 8 " use a indicated by 

igns in planter boxe 
Lot 2B An y un metered pace 
Temporary Lot East of Muir Any space except those reserved for " A" or " B" use 

by sign 
Temporary Lot North of Muir Lot 2A Any pace 
Matthews ampus 
Lot 12A Any unmetered space 
Lot 12B Tho e row or portions of row n t reserved for" A" or " If' permits as 

Indicated by ign in planted area 

Citations payable to the Municipal Court are is ued on campus for 
violation of campu parking regulation, Plea e help avoid the need to 
iss ue citations by courteously parking in the proper area. 

We invited a few friends for dinner 
and they helped dean up the Genesee River. 

With the aid of a few thousand pounds of microorga-
nisms, we're helping to solve the water pollution problem in 
Rochester. Maybe the solution can help others. 

What we did was to combine two processes in a way 
that gives us one of the most efficient water-purifying sys-
tems private industry has ever developed. 

One process is called "activated sludge," developed 
by man to accelerate nature's microorganism adsorption . 
What this means is that for the majority of wastes man can 
produce, there is an organism waiting somewhere that will 
happily assimilate it. And thrive on it. 

The breakthrough carne when Kodak scientists found 
a way to combine the activated sludge process wit..~ a trickling 
filter process and optimized the combination. 

We tested our system in a pilot plant for five years. 

I I 

(At Kodak, we were working on environmental improvement 
long before it made headlines.) And the pilot project worked 
so well, we built a ten-million-dollar plant that can purify 
3S-million gaUons of water a day. 

Governor Rockefeller called th.is "the biggest volWl-
tary project undertaken by private industry in support of 
New York State's pure-water program." 

Why did we do it? Partly because we're in business to 
make a profit- and clean water is vital to our business. But in 
furthering our own needs, we have helped further society's. 
And our business depends on society. 

We hope our efforts to cope with water pollution will 
inspire others to do the same. And, we'd be happy to share 
our water-purifying information wi th them. We all need clean 
water. So we all hay to work together. 

Kodak 
More than a business. 

Pa 7, Triton Time 



POSSIBILITIES 
iday and Saturday Flicks 

WOODSTOCk, the film documentary 
of the Woodstock Music and Arts Fair, is 
the feature film headlining a double fea-
ture starting the season for this quarters 
Friday night flicks. 

WOODSTOCk is a film attempting to 
captu re the spirit and sounds of that 
granddaddy of rock concerts which 
founded an entire "Woodstock Gen -
eration" of rock concerts and shaped 
musical history by popularizing nearly 
every rock group emerging at that time. 

While the film only captures a portion 
of the three days of music, it does 
include footage of Jimi Hendrix, The 
Who, John Sebastion, Arlo Guthrie, Sha-
Na-Na, Sly and the Family Stone, Crosby, 
Stills and Nash, Joan Baez, Ten Years 
After and more. 

Also on Fridays double bill is the 
classic REEFER MADNES, an "educa-
tional" film from the early thirties, 
dramatically illustrating the total 
destruction of the mind, body, and soul 
brought out by the killer weed. 

Both flicks will be shown in the gym at 
7:00. ' 

The Saturday night flicks also offer a 
double feature of WEEKEND and 
MICKEY ONE. 

Written and directed by Jean-Luc 
Godard, WEEKEND is a cataclysmic, 
seismic traffic jam, a shattering illus-
tration of the violent quality of life. 

At the beginning there are plot frag-
ments, betrayels, dire conspiracies to 
murder, detailed, intimate (and highly 
comic) sexual anecdotes. They lead to 
nowhere. There are interspersed little 
essays, idylls, jokes, a Mozart sonata, a 
frantic love song sung by Jean-Pierre 
Leaud in a telephone booth, noise, 
rituals, battles with paint sprayers and 

, 

tennis balls. It ends in slaughter and 
cannibalism. 

There are absurdist characters from 
Lewis Carroll, from Fellini, from "La 
Chinoise", from Bunuel. In one tremen -
dously long take, the camera passes 
along a highway where traffic is stopped 
by a long line of dead Mercedes', a zoo 
tru k with two llamas in it, recumbent 
tigers, people playing _ cards, playing 
chess, honking horns, making gestures, 
quarreling, crying and ignoring the fact 
that there is mayhem everywhere. 

At many moments the film captures 
tlie precise sense one has about the 
world, when one is in a city or in a rush, 
when one reads the headlines or obit-
uary columns, when one drives, when 
one sets out, for that matter, on a week-
end. 

The film should be seen for its power, 
ambition, humor, and scenes of really 
astonishing beauty. It is an appalling 
comedy, and it is hard to take. 

On the other hand, a movie like 
MICkEY ONE, is interesting mainly for 
the elaborate photographics of Arthur 
Penn, who uses his camera to scan the 
phantasmagoria of city life. 

The story is one of the fearridden 
flight of a cheap nightclub entertainer 
who is trying to escape from himself. 
Whether this is intended to represent 
what goes on in the psyche of the hero 
as he runs through his grim experiences, 
or is meant to be a sort of symbolic alle-
gory of the agony of life for those who 
can't face "the big crap game" is never 
really clear. Warren Beatty plays the dis-
mal young tough . 

This weeks Saturday flicks will be show 
at 7:30 in USB 2722. 

Big Band Cavalcade 
Legendary bandleaders, Bob Crosby 

and Freddy Martin, will appear together 
as part of the Big Band Cavalcade being 
presented September 22nd at San 
Diego 's Civic Theatre. 

The specia l, one-night musical extra-
vaganza will also feature bandleaders 
Art Mooney and Buddy Morrow, singer 
Margaret Whiting and jazz clarinetist, 
Peanuts Hucko. The San Diego show is 
the first of seventy-five performances 
which will be presented throughout the 
country over a twelve-week period . 

The " Big Band Cavalcade" was 
inspired by FreddyMartih who felt that, 
given the enormous resurgence of in-
terest in the "big band" era, such a tour 
would attract many young people as 
well as older devotees already familiar 
with the musi .: of the thirties and forties . 

Martin , who took command of his first 
band in 1931, is especially famous for his 
"sweet sounds" which, paced by his 
mellow saxophone sty lings, resulted in 

such classic his as "Warsaw Concerto" 
and "Tonight We Love" to which a gen-
eration of Americans danced. 

Sharing the stage with Martin and the 
other stars will be the man who made 
" Dixieland Swing" a household term -
Bob Crosby. The singer/composerl-
bandleader - with a helping hand from 
his band The Bobcats - earned himself 
a permanent seat in Jazz's lexicon of 
greats with such hits as " South Rampart 
Street," "Big Noise from Winnetka" and 
" Muskrat Ramble." 

Bob Crosby, Freddy Martin, Art 
Mooney and Buddy Morrow will each 
take a turn conducting an fifteen man 
ensemble in a retrospective look at the 
music each made famous and, when that 
traditional time comes, it will be " Mag-
gie Whiting in the "vocalist's spotlight." 

Miss Whiting 's special guest star 
appearance on the " Big Band Caval-
cade" re-unites her with Bob Crosby, 
with whom she was featured on radio's 
"Club 15" some twenty years ago. 

Scene from EVERYMAN, Produced by Intercampus Cultural Exchange and 
UC R Theatre Department, to be presented at UCSD Th eatre, Saturday, Sept. 
29,8:00 P.M. 

Page 8, Triton Tim September 28, 1973 

Mike Mulligan arid 
his Steam Shovel 

Questions, questions, question, and not a drop to 
think . In these troubled times, where does the 
concerned individual go for respite ... to relieve the 
daily woes of not knowing ... to revel in the rip-ro~rin.g 
atrocities of the sublime elite .. . to ponder the periodiC 
puzzles of the populace . .. to dream the impossible 
dream??? 

Is that what's troubling you, Sweetcakes? 
Well, take heart, gird up thy loins, sharpen thy 

number 2 pencils, and watch this space! 
To put it bluntly, YOU send us the problems, and WE 

give you all the answers. Mike Mulligan, famous 
vaudevillian tap answer, is looking to answer questions 
of an "jlfty" nature. (Arty Nature left Mike's band back 
in '39). 

Send Mike your problems of love, lust, drama and 
dreams, gossip, rumours, and those "not what they 
seems". Change your name to protect the indecent, 
and send your queries to Mike Mulligan , care of this 
paper. 

Do it direct, do it collect, but do it today!!! 
Remember background music: Nutcracker suite as 

played by Mrs . Berardo's concert orchestra and kazoo 
quartet, you send us the questions, and let Mike 
Mulligan and his Steam Shovel dig up the dirt . 

'UCSD Ethnic Concert 
The first ethnic concert sponsored by the UCSD 

Music Department and the Campus Programming 
Board will be a South Indian Nagaswaram troupe, 
Wednesday, October 3, at 8:30 at the International 
Center, Matthews Campus. It will be followed by 
Ashish Khan in a concert of North Indian music in 
November, a Korean Dance group in January, and an 
African EWI group in the spring. 

The Nagaswaram is a double reed instrument used to 
celebrate many festive occasions in India . Nagaswaram 
troupes may be of any size, but they must consist of a 
prescribed minimum instrumentation . All groups must 
have two Nagaswaram players. 

One player, in Wednesday's concert, Chinna 
Maulana, heads the troupe and functions as soloist, 
hence musical leader. He alone performs the slow 
improvisational exposition called ragam or alap. It is 
also his responsibility to select works for the framework 
of the rhythmic improvisations. 

The second player, Sheik Hasan , plays with the 
leader in all fixed composi tions, and enters actively 
into the "give and take" of the rhythmic improvisa-
tions, typical of this kind of musical tradition . 

The extremely taut drum, the Tavil, is indispensable 
in a Nagaswaram concert. It is the Tavil player who 
build exciting introductions, weaves comples inter-
ludes, and reinforces the improvisations of the Nagas-
waram. He also presents thani avarthanan, rhythmic 
solos which represent the pinnacle of Indian 
drumming. Tiruvidamaruthur V Venkatesan is a master 
of this unusual stick and hand technique which 
produces a variety of ~o unds from a single drum. 

Two other instruments complete the -Nagaswaram 
team - the Jalara, (cymbals) and the Oothu (drone) . 
The Jalara, almost unperceived, maintains the tala, or 
cyclic beat. The pulse of this instrument helps the 
players and the a udience maintain exact tempo, and 
keep track of the cycle of the tala . The oothu or drone, 
as in all Indian music, carries out its usual musical and 
spiritual role. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 

Art Gallery Opening Delayed 
Art buffs who have been anxiously anticipat"ihg the 

reopening of the UCSD Arts Gallery may be in for a 
long '>\iait. According to Pat Baxter of the Visual Arts 
Department, the first gallery exhibit may not be show 
until early April. 

The delay in opening the exhibit in the Humanities-
library housed Art Gallery is due to a major renovation 
of ground-floor facilities in that building. Although the 
Gallery itself is not included in the plan for remodeling, 
the feeling is that the construction would in facilitate 
the use of the gallery space. 

In the past, the gallery has served as a location for 
speciliazed showings such as the famed UCSD 
collection, as well as a locals for student compil d 
exhibitions. 

The Gallery has been responsi bl for sponsoring a 
large number of crea tive artistic endeavors ranging 
from exhibits of mazes, books, to even an artistic 
garage sale. 

While there are no exhibitions, th artistic work will 
ontinue. Th 10 ation is in question, but we can be 

certain that future exhibits will b forthcoming. 

Photo: M. Scott 

Theatre: 01 
Annou 

obe 
Season 

Producing Director "Hadri.m VII" wilr be the final 
Noel has announced play next spring on the Old 
season of plays to be n"'rlor ..... Globe Theatre stage. This extra-
at the Old Globe ordinary and celebrated drama 
the adjacent Carter of a man who wanted to be-
Stage in Balboa Park. come the Pope was written by 

Five productions will be Peter Luke. Co-mingling fantasy 
sen ted in each of the th and reality, "Hilidriilln VII" will 
beginning September 25 have its first San Diego produc-
continuing through Ma y tion on March 26 and continue 
1974. through April 28 with a director 

to be announced. 
Each production will be Currently in rehearsal for a 

formed five weeks each September 25 opening at the 
two matinees scheduled i er Centre Stage is "And Mis 
the run of each production. Reardon Drinks ill Litt le." The 
length of run is the same drama by Paul Zindel will have 
recent past seasons for the it's San Diego premiere under 
Globe Theatre. Due to the direction of Craig Noel. 
ed awareness and Performances will continue 
two additional weeks through October 28 of the 
been added to the drama dealing with two spinster 
season schedule of three sister school teachers, each 
at the Carter Centre Stage. struggling against private tor-

Opening the season at ments. 
Old Globe Theatre on The first San Diego produc-
9 will be the new Jerome tion of "Ceremonies in Dark 
rence and Robert E. Old Men" will open a five week 
comedy success u run on November 6 at the Car-
dealing with the teenage Ii ter Centre Stage. Playwright 
James Thurber and his Lonne Elder III built his new 
ing non-conformist drama poised between comedy 
be directed by Charles and tragedy and filled with 
" Jabberwock" will honesty, vitality and power. • 
Diego premiere Floyd Gaffney will direci the 
the Old Globe Theatre production to be performed 
performances contin · through December 9. 
through November 11. Moliere's comedy classic 

Tennessee Williams' "Tartuffe" will open on January 
rare beauty "Summer 15 and continue through Feb-
Smoke" will be the second ruary 17 at the Carter Centre 
Globe Theatre production. A Conniving scoundrel 
powerful emotional confl himself in romantic 
passion and frustration will intrigue and deception in this 
directed by Craig Noel zesty and zany farce . A director 
performances November will be announced later. 
through December 23. A forerunner of all contemp-

An intriguing new orary avant garde theatre, "No 
thriller, "Nipl hit" will open on February 26 
open on January 1 and continue through March 
through February 3. 31. This constantly absorbing 
Lucille Fletcher is the a modern classic of dramatic 
the class is mystery literature was written by exist-
Wrong Number." The entialist philosopher Jean Paul 
will be announced at a Sartre. No director has been 
date. selected for " No Exit." 

The fourth Old Globe Concluding the season in the 
tre production this Carter Centre Stage will be Ar-
be the famed musical thur Miller's compassionate 
P h h drama " The Price." This first enny Opera." Wit t e S 
Bertolt Brecht and the ~n Diego production deals 
Kurt Weill, the robust and With two brothers who meet 
dy musical includes ha ~fter a long estrangement dur-
melodies and sardonic Ing which each reveiliis searing 
This love story of knaves h~man relationships. "The 
thieves will open February 'flee" will open April 9 and 
and continue through c?ntinue through May 12. A 
17. A director will be director will be named at a later 
the near future. dat . 

To find out the true 
nature of your essential 
self, sim ply answ ' r yes or 
no to the following 
questions: 

1. Do you find as you 
advance in years, that you 
are becoming soft? 

2. In instances where 
you are called upon to 
involved in something from 
which you would rather ab-
stain, do peers question 
you bravery and call you 
yellow? 

3. In dealing with 
members of the opposite 
sex, do you find you have a 
certain irresistable appeal? 

I 

Quiz 
I<id 
Corner 

4. When you are com-
posing lyric poetry, do pro-
fessor s and T A's accise you 
of be ing overly sentiment-
al and mushy ? 

5. Are you into ecology, 
and inclined to be found 
hanging around forests and 
trees. 

6. If you were the ca p-
tain of a sinking ship, 
would you slip into your 
private boat and split? 

tf you answered Yes to all 
of the above, Congratula-
tions: You are a banana . 

Like to Write? 
The Triton Times Art Department is 

looking for talented writers to grace its 
pages with creative writing of a general 
interest. If you have a story of artistic 
human interest, come in and share it 
with us. 

The Arts Department is also looking 
for poets, authors, and restless souls 
interested in reporting on what is 
happening in the Arts. 

If you feel you have something to 
offer, come in and see the Arts Editor 
and talk it over. 

New Voice in Music Department 
C! mal music at UCSD is 

now under the interpretive 
hand of David Chase, 
bringing to UCSD a variety 
of musical experiences. His 
background features work 
in avant gard music, jazz, 
rock, and happily, a ple-
thora of choral music 
experience. 

His university music 
education was obtained at 
the Ohio State University 
where he received his 
Bachelor of Music and 
M.A. degrees. While at 
Ohio State University Mr. 
Chase formed the O .S.U. 
Jazz Quartet, which won 
the Villanova Jazz Festival 
in 1967. He was later I 
appointed conductor of 
the Concert Choir, an 
undergraduate chorus 
which performed a wide 
repertoire of choral I iter-
at ure. 

Addition a lly, Mr. Chase 
formed the Contemporary 
Arts Choral Ensemble, an, 
elite group specia lizing in 
performan ce of recent 
twentieth century com-
positions. 

David Chase played 
piano in night clubs with 
such groups as Ladd Mc-
Intosh 's New Breed, and 
formed a vocal group cal-
led Apogee, for which he 
wrote and directed a local 
television special , " Born 
Again ." 

After a road tour as muc-
ical and artistic director of 
the National Rock Opera 
Company's production of 
Jesus Christ, Superstar, Mr. 
Chase returned to Col-
umbus, Oh io to teach 
theory and act as com poser 
and musical director of the 
new Ohio Theatre Reper-
tory Company. 

The company produced 
a series of childr n's plays 
which incorporat ed diverse 
musical styles, introdUCing 
chi ldren to fifteenth cen-
tury lute and krumhorn 
music, African folk songs, 
as well as Early American 
choral musi , rock music 
and electronics. 

Although auditions for 

the choirs which David 
Chase heads up have al-
ready been held, " p opl 
who missed tryouts should 
attend the first meetings of 
the chamber chorus Mon -
days .& Wednesdays at four 
o'clock in 2346 2D; and La 
Jolla Civic/University Con-
cert Choir, Wednesdays at 
7:30 P.M. in 409 Me. 

Academy of Psychic Sciences 
4288 Menlo Ave., San Diego 283-2279 

Sd/-Irdp """lIgll sd/-II¥PIIPSli 

Free lecture every Friday -7pm 

HARRY IN YOUR POCKET 
(2: 19, 6:14 and 10:(9) 

Starring James Coburn 

plus 

Burt Reynolds in 
Wh ite Lighten ing 

(12 :30, 4:25 and 8:20) 

The Broadway Theatre 
815 Broadway 

Downtown 

134 Fashion Valley West 
(neXI to Farrell's) 
299-3630 

COLLEGE AREA 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

10 to 6 Saturday 

INSTANT CREDtT 
up to 36 months 
BankAmertcard 

Of SOUnD 

l · the .L: pl'eCl8ure mll£IH/Ie 
ON SAlE NOW 

A COMPLETE . KENWOOD STEREO SOUND SYSTEM 

MODEL 2300 KENWOOD RECEiVER .... $19995 
GAR RARD 42M CHANGER _ .. _ ................ 4995 
SHURE M75E CARTRIDGE .............. .. .... _ 3495 
GARRARD B1 BASE ............................... 595 
2 INTERAUDIO 2000 SPEAKERS ........... 15722 

LIST PRICE $44802 $8. WRIGHT'S SPECIAL SALE PRICE 
Complete system includes FREE 5-year protection plan, connecting cables & wires. 

BRING THIS AD AN D SAVE $1000 MORE 



ENJOY .LIFE 
A LOT MORE' 

Introducing the 
INAUGURAL 

SUBSCRIPTION SEASON 

olb gloOC t l-)eatr£ 
and 5 San Diego PREMIERE PRODUCTIONS SAVE UP TO $12.00 carter ce~tr£ stage 

on a pair of subscript ions in balboa park 
(off regular ticket prices) 

A SMASHING 40% DISCOUNT - ORDER ~ NOW! 
SEE up to 2 PLAYS FREE (off regular ticket prices) 

olb globe th£otrr 
1 JABBERWOCK 

by Jerome Lawrence & Robert E. Lee 
a new comedy success ... teenage James Thurbe~ and his . 
appealing non·conformist family life ... lst San Diego Production 
October 9 thru November 11 

2 SUMMER AND SMOKE 
by Te~nessee Williams 
a drama of rare beauty ... powerful emotional conflict 01 passion 
and frustration .. . November 20 thru December 23 

3 NIGHT WATCH 
by Lucille Fletcher . ' 
intriguing suspense in th is unpred ictable new thriller ... mounting 
tensions lead to shocking disclosures ., January 1 thru February 3 

4 THREE P£NNY OPERA 
by Bertolt Brecht; music by Kurt Weill 
robust and rowdy ... haunting melodies. sardonic humor . .. 
a love story 01 knaves and thieves . .. February 12 thru March 17 

5 HADRIAN VII 
by Peter Luke 
fantasy and reality co· mingle ... extraordinary and celebrated drama 
... a man who wanted to become the Pope. lst San Diego 
Production March 26 thru April 28 

cartrr crntrr stagr 
1 AND MISS REARDON DRINKS A LITTLE 

By Paul lindel 
strong and honest portrayal ... two spl nster sister school teachers 
... struggling against private torments ... 1st San Diego Production 
September 25 thru October 28 

2 CEREMONIES IN DARK OLD MEN 
by Lonne Elder III 
poised between comedy and tragedy . . . new drama filled with 
honesty. vitality and power . . . lst San Diego Production 
November 6 thru December 9 

3 TARTUFFE 
by Moliere 
zesty and zany comedy classic ... conniving scoundrel Involved 
in romantic intrigue and deception ... January 15 thru February 17 

4 NO EXIT 
by Jean Paul Sartre 
constantly absorbing modern classic of dramatic literature 
forerunner of all contemporary avant garde theatre .. . 
February 26 thru March 31 

5 THE PRICE 
by Arthur Miller 
compassionate drama ... searing human relationships revealed 
... two brothers meet after a long estra ngement 
1st San Diego Production April 9 thru May 12 

olb globe th£otrr olt) glob( ttxatrr cartrr c£ntrr stage 
Series Day Play 1 Ploy 2 Play 3 Play 4 Play 5 ~ Series Day Play 1 PIa, 2 PI.y 3 Play 4 Play 5 ' I Tue Oct 9 No' 20 Jan 1 Feb 12 Mar 26 2 Wed Oct 10 NO, 21 Jan 2 Feb 13 Mar 27 3 Thur Oct 11 No' 22 Jan 3 Feb 14 Mar 28 4 Fri Oct 12 Nov 23 Jan 4 Feb 15 Mar 29 

5 Sal Ocl 13 No, 24 Jan 5 Feb 16 Mar 30 6 MAT Sun Oct 14 No' 25 Jan 6 Feb 17 Mar 31 7 EVE Sun Oct 14. No, 25 Jan 6 Feb 17 Mar 31 
8 Tue Oct 16 Nov 27 Jan 8 Feb 19 Apr 2 9 Wed Oct 17 No, 28 Jan 9 Feb 20 Apr 3 10 Thur Oct 18 No' 29 Jan 10 Feb 21 Apr 4. 

11 Frj Oct 19 No, 30 Jan 11 Feb 22 Apr 5 12 Sal Oct 20 Dec 1 Jan 12 Feb 23 Apr 6 13 EVE Sun Ocl 21 Dec 2 Jan 13 Feb 24 Apr 7 
14 Tue Oct 23 Dec 4 Jan 15 Feb 26 Apr 9 15 Wed Oct 24 Dec S Jan 16 Feb 27 Apr 10 16 Thur Oct 25 Dec 6 Jan 17 Feb 28 Apr 11 17 Fri Ocl 26 Dec 7 Jan 18 Mar I Apr 12 18 Sat Oct 27 Dec 8 Jan 19 Mar 2 Apr 13 19 MAT Sun Oct 28 Dec 9 Jan 20 Mar 3 Apr 14 20 EVE Sun Oct 28 Dec 9 Jan 20 Mar 3 Apr 14 
21 Tue Oct 30 Dec 11 Jan 22 Mar 5 Apr 16 22 Wed Oct 31 Dec 12 Jan 23 Mar 6 Apr 17 23 Thur No, 1 Dec 13 Jan 24 Mar 7 Apr 18 24 Frj No, 2 Dec 14 Jan 25 Mar 8 Apr 19 25 Sat No, 3 Dec 15 Jan 26 Mar 9 Apr 20 26 EVE Sun Nov 4 Dec 16 Jan 27 Mar 10 Apr 21 
27 Tue No, 6 Dec 18 Jan 29 Mar 12 Apr 23 28 Wed Nov 7 Dec 19 Jan 30 Mar 13 Apr 24 29 Thur No, 8 Dec 20 Jan 31 Mar 14 Apr 25 30 F,i Nov 9 Dec 21 Feb 1 Mar 15 Apr 26 31 Sal No.v 10 Dec 22 Feb 2 Mar 16 Apr 27 32 EVE Sun Nov II Dec 23 Feb 3 Mar 17 Apr 28 

' SOld Out All Evenings 8:00 p.m. (eKcept Opening Night) All Matinees 2:00 p.m. 

STUDENT SUBSCRIPTIONS 
(full t ime through college) 

5 Play Student SubscriptioJ;! 
Old Globo c ..... ~ T ....... SectI .. St.,. Sectt ... 

Subscription Series A.B.C. D.E.F A.B. 
Tues .. Wed .. Thurs. Sun. Eve $9.00 $7.50 $9.00 
S'Jnday matinees $7.50 $6.00 $7.50 

1 You have the same seats every time you attend . 
2 . ,You can renew your subscription and sit In the same seats 

as long as you desire. year after year. even if your student 
status changes. 

3. Available for both Old Globe Theatre and Carter Centre Stage. 
4 . Student Sull!'criptlorl!: not available for Friday or Saturday 

performa nces. 
~ Student SUbscription tickets will be held for you at the theatre 

box office until the first performance you attend . 
6. Proof of full t ime student status for each Subscription pur· 

chased required at box office to receive your Subscription 
tickets . 

7. ALL EVENING PERFORMANCES 8:00 p.m. ALL MATIN EES AT 
2:00 P.M. 

Page 10, Triton Times September 18, 1973 

I ....... I 

rarur ctntrt stagt 

Subscriptions 

I Tue Sepl25 Nov 6 Jan 15 2 Wed Sept 26 Nov 7 Jan 16 3 Thur Sept 27 Nov 8 Jan 17 4 Fr j Sept 28 Nov 9 Jan 18 5 Sat Sept 29 Nov 10 Jan 19 6 EVE Sun Sepl30 Nov 11 Jan 20 
7 Tue Oct 2 Nov 13 Jan 22 8 Wed Oct 3 Nov 14 Jan 23 9 Thur Oct 4 Nov 15 Jan 24 10 Fri Oct 5 Nov 16 Jan 25 

11 Sat Oct 6 Nov 17 Jan 26 12 MAT Sun Oct 7 Nov 18 Jan 27 13 EVE Sun Oct 7 Nov 18 Jan 27 
14 Tue Oct 9 Nov 20 Jan 29 15 Wed Oct 10 Nov 21 Jan 30 16 Thur Oct 11 Nov 22 Jan 31 17 Frj Oct 12 Nov 23 Feb 1 18 Sat Oct 13 Nov 24 Feb 2 19 EVE Sun Oct 14 Nov 25 Feb 3 
20 Tue Oct 16 Nov 27 Feb 5 21 Wed Oct 17 Nov 28 . Feb 6 22 Thur Oct 18 Nov 29 Feb 7 23 Fr j Oct 19 Nov 30 Feb 8 24 Sat Oct 20 Dec 1 Feb 9 25 MAT Sun Oct 21 Dec 2 Feb 10 26 EVE Sun Oct 21 Dec 2 Feb 10 
27 Tue Oct 23 Dec 4 Feb 12 28 Wed Oct 24 Dec 5 Feb 13 29 Thur Oct 2S Dec 6 Feb 14 30 Fri Oct 26 Dec 7 Feb 15 31 Sat Oct 27 Dec 8 Feb 16 32 EVE Sun Oct 28 Dec 9 Feb 17 

All Evenings 8:00 p.m. All Matine~s 2:00 p.m. 

OFFICIAL ORDER FORM 
Subscription Information 
234-3604 

Feb 26 Feb 27 Feb 28 Mar 1 Mar 2 Mar l 
Mar 5 Mar 6 Mar 7 Mar 8 Mar 9 Mar 10 Mar 10 
Mar 12 Mar 13 Mar 14 Mar 15 Mar 16 Mar 17 
Mar 19 Mar 20 Mar 21 Mar 22 Mar 23 Mar 24 Mar 24 
Mar 26 Mar .27 
Mar 28 Mar 29 Mar 30 Mar 31 

Old Globe ThMtre 
Post OffIce Box 2171 9:00 to 5:00 (Mon thru FrI) 
San Dieto, Clillfornla 92112 
I want to become a Student Charter Subscriber for the 1973·74 se •• on 
olb glotx ttxatrt cartn crntrr stagr 

Apr 9 Apr 10 Apr 11 Apr 12 Apr 13 Apr 14 
Apr 16 Apr 17 Apr 18 Apr 19 Apr 20 Apr 21 Apr 21 
Apr 23 Apr 24 Apr 25 Apr 26 Apr 21 Apr 28 
Apr 30 May 1 May 2 May 3 May 4 May 5 May 5 
May 7 May 8 May 9 May 10 May 11 May 12 

Series No.:...· _______ . ____ _ Sertft No ___________ _ 

Sectlon __ :---:-,.--,. __ --:-__ .--:--:-__ (lst choice) (2nd choice) 
Subscription Price _______ _ 

No. of Subscriptions 
Total, _____ --: ____ .,--

o Check Enclosed: $- _- -
CHARGE MY BANKAMERICARD 
No. 
Your M aster Charge or BankAmerieard may 
be used lor Subscription tickets ONLY 
(Please Print) 
Name_ 
AddrelS 
City 

Phone (home) 

NO REFUNDS 

Signature on credit ~rd 

~on--~77-'-~~-­(lsi choice, 
Subseription Price __ 

No. of Subscriptions 
TotaL _ 

TOTAL ENCLOSED 
MASTER CHARGE 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
FOUR DIGIT 
INTERBANK NO. 

Zip Code 
(business) 

" 

(2nd choice) 

EXPIRATION 
DATL-__ 

PhysicS-Chemistry Building Christened"Mayer Hall" 
by Bob Nau 

Returning Revelle 
students may have been 
surprised to find that the 
designation " Physci s-
Chemistry Building" no 
longer appears in many 
university bulletins, and 
that a new bronze plaque 
adorns the west wall of the 
building they knew by that 
name. 

Last spring at the 
graduation ceremonies Ihe 
P-C Building was formally 
renamed " Mayer Hall," in 
honor of Dr . Maria 
Goeppert Mayer and her 
husband, Dr. Joseph 
Edward Mayer. 

work "just for the fun of 
doing physics." 

Under the influence of 
her husband and professor 
Karl Herzfeld, Dr. Mayer 
attained conside rable 
competence as a chemical 
physicist, and collaborated 
with them on a number of 
papers. 

When in 1939 Dr. Joseph 
Mayer took a position as 
associate professor at 
Columbia University, Mrs. 
Mayer became a lecturer in 
the chemistry department 
there. During this period 
she also lectured for a time 
at Sarah Lawrence College, 
and engaged in war re-
search as a physicist with 
S.A.M. Laboratories of 
Columbia University under 

.Nobel laureate Harold 
Urey. 

Dr. Maria Mayer was a 
Nobel Laureate in physics 
- the only woman other 
than Marie Curie to have 
ever won the Nobel Prize 
in that field - and was a 
Professor of Phys 
ics at UCSD from 1960 until Dr. Maria Mayer 

During the post war 
years, while consulting at 
the University of Chicago 
with the late Dr. Enrico 
Fermi, she originated the 
theory of nuclear shell 
structure for which she 
shared the Nobel Prize in 
1963 with Professor J.H.D. 
Jensen of Heidelberg and 
Dr. Eugene Wigner of 
Princeton. Her nuclear 
theory is regarded by many 
as one of the greatest single 
contributions made to 
theoretical physics since 
World War II. 

Dr. Joseph Mayer 
her death in 1972. UCSD. ·Ph.D. in 1930. Her doctoral 

Dr. Joseph Mayer, a Maria Goeppert was committee comprised a trio 
distinguished chemist, was born i n Kattowitz, of Nobel laureates: James 
formerly Ch;airman of the Germany in 1906, and was Franck, Adolf Windlaus, 

De~rtment of Chemistry preceded in her family b'y and Max Born. 
at UCSD, and is now six generations of Unl- In the same year she 
Professor Emeritus of versity professors. In 1924 ' obtained her Ph.D. Maria 
Chemistry. The dedication sh~ enrolled in the Uni- Goeppert married Joseph 
of a building in their honor versity of Gottingen, where Edward Mayer, an Amer-
- only the third major aca- her father was a professor ican Rockefeller Fellow 
demic building at UCSD to of pediatrics, and was soon working at Gottingen with 
receive a proper name - is directed toward the excit- James Franck. Soon there-
a recognition not only of ing frontiers of quantum after her husband accepted 
their important scientific physics by Max Born. a post at Johns Hopkins 
achievements, but also of She spent one term at University in Baltimore, 
their personal contri- Cambridge University in and she accompanied him 
butions to the early Engl;and, where she studied to the United States. At that 
development of the aca· English, and then returned time it would have been 
demic communi~y at to Gottingen to receive her unthinkable for the wife of 
-------...... ----- - ....:;,- - ---- a faculty member to have 

Scripps 70th Anniversary 
This week marks the 

seventieth anniversary of 
th~ Scripps Institution of 
Oceanogr;aphy. In observ-
ance of this occasion 
Scripps' Vaugh;an Aquar-
ium-Museum is displaying 
an exhibit of relics and of 
historical photographs 
depicting the development 
of the Institution . 

New students are 
especially urged to take ad-
vantage of this opportunity 
to become aquainted with 
the aquarium-museum, 
which is considered a 
major feature of interest in 
San Diego and attracted 
over 380,000 visitors last 
year. A fascinating and 
ever-changing collection of 
fishes and other marine life 
- both local and exotic -
can be viewed in the aquar-
ium, which is jusl down the 
road fro m the main UCSD 
campus. 

Marine Beiological Station 
became a campus of the 
University of California, 
with its name changed to 
"The Scripps Institution for 
Biological Research of the 
University of California ." 

Scripps operated in 
relative obscurity until 
World War II, when the 
Navy suddenly took an 
interest in their ocean-
ographic research. Scripps 
scientists were able to 
advise the Navy on matters 
such as surf conditions on 
Pacific Islands and their im-
plications for amphibious 
landings, and at one point 
induced the Navy to us~ 
snapping shrimp as a sonar 
screen for submarine 
attacks. 

also been on the faculty, 
but she continued her 

In the years that followed 
Dr. Mayer also made ex-
tensive contributions in 
quantum electrodynamics, 
spectroscopy, . statistical 
mechanics, and crystal 
physics. 

The Mayers came to 
UCSD in 1960, and, 

together with Frieda and 
Harold Urey, took a leading 
role in the development of 
a major academic com-
munity at UCSD. 

Shortly after Dr_ Maria 
Mayer 's death in February, 
1972, it was proposed that 
the Physics-Che mistry 
Bu ilding, which was 
completed in 1963 as one of 
the first permanent 
structures on campus, 
should be named in honor 
of her and her husband, 
who was retiring from the 
faculty. The proposal was 
quickly approved by 
campus administrators and 
by the Regents, but the fact 
remained little·known until 
the formal dedication was 

The forerunner of SID, 
the San Diego Marine Bio· 
logical Association , was 
formed in 1903 by a group 
of 34 farsighted San Dieg-
ians and a young zoologist, 
to raise funds for the oper-
ation of a marine biology 
field station in San Diego. 

Ellen Browning Scripps, 
of the ScrippS-Howard 
newspaper chain, was vice· 
president of the association 
and a principle benefactor. 
Under the direction of Dr. 
William Ritter, Chairman of 
the Zoology Department at 
UC B rkel y, the biological 
field station operat d out 
of t mporary headquarters 
at Glorietta Bay, south of 
Coronado, and at Alligator 
Head in La Jolla before th 
pre nt site was purchased 

Following the war the 
government lent increasing 
support to resea rch pro-
jects at Scri pps , fi rst 
through the Office of Naval 
Research and more recent-
ly through the National 
Science Foundation. 
Scripps' annual budget is 
now in excess of 
$33,000,000 a year, with 80 
percent of the funding 
coming through federal 
grants and contracts. 

Under the direction of 
Roger Revelle in the late 
'50's and early '60's, Scripps 
researchers increasingly 
began to take their work to 
the sea, in a still-growing 
fleet of unique research 
vessels which have spread 
their fame all over the 
world. 

Nimitz Marine Facility of Scripps Institution of Oceanography, is shown 
with its old floating pier formed by two large, wood-decked barges . The 
barges were recently removed as dredging operations leading to the 
construction of a new concrete pier and marginal wharf extension began 
with San Diego Bay ecology as the ultimate beneficiary. Photo was taken 
when most of Scripp's vessels were home for Christmas several years ago . 
Moored at Nimitz, from left in foreground: T .... n, ST-908, and Ellen B. 
Scripps. At pier, center background : Argo and Thomas Washington . At 
wharf, Horizon and Alpha Helix. Alexander Agassiz, ocon0510la and Flip 
were berthed elsewhere when photo was taken. Argo, T-441 and Horizon 

__ h_a_ve_ since left the fleet. The 245-foot Melville was recentl y added . j 

. at public a u lion In 1907 for 
th v n-th n ridiculou Iy 
low pri of S1000. The first 
building, ompleted in 
1910 and nam d in honor 
of eorg H. ripps. is still 
us d for res ar h activiti s. 

In 1912 the an Di g,o 

The Scripps research 
fleet is bas d at the Nimitz 
Marin Fa ility on the 
outh side of Point Loma . 

Dredging operations were 
recently b gun toward th 
onstruction of a new con-

crete pi r, at which Ih 
hips will be docked while 

" home" in an Diego. 
The new pi r i xp ct d 

to hav a b n ficial eft 
on the 10 al an Di go Bay 

ecology by offering th 
improved surface water cir-
culation over the deep-
draft barge previously 

and by providing 
ions to 

IMPROYE your 
AllLmES thru HYPNOSIS 
D.RAKOW 281·4586 

RESEARCH 
Thousands 01 Tooie!! 

$2.75 per page 
Send lor your up 10·date. 160 paee. 
mill order tatalol Enclose $1.00 
to cover posta e .delIVery ,me IS 
I to 2 daIs) 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE. INC. 
Itt WILSHIRE BLVD. SUITE l!. 2 

LOS ANGElES C~lIf 90025 
1213) 4778474 br 477 ·5493 

Our flSurch "'.tt,.. 1 is laid fot 
rtll'rel'! asSlsta"". onl, 

Pag 11 , T,i~on Tim 

made more than a year 
later at the graduate·stu-
dent co mmencement exer-
cises last June 17. 

By sheer coicidence Dr. 
Joseph Mayer had been in· 
vited by a committee of the 
students to be the keynote 
spea ker at t he ceremony, in 
recognition of his excel-
lence and popularity as a 
teacher, and the an: 
nouncement of the 
dedication was a surprise to 
him and many of those 
present. 

Simple. 
straight·forward . 

classic - out of step 
with today's 

throwaway culture 
Refillable cartridge. 
ballpoint or fiber tip 
marker in basic tan 

or navy blue 
S1.98 : nat bad for a pen 

you moy use the 
rest of your life 

$198 

pt mb r 28, 1 73 



"To Err is Human" 

iee. Clubs Begin Anew 
Has Su 0 rman finally 

tumed to a I e of crimer Is 
Batman gIVing rides to 
hitchhiking criminals? Hea-
.ven forbidl Things are 
much worse than these 
minor catastrophies. The IT 
sports staff had made its 
first major error of the year, 

in the first issue evenl Act-
ually it is the combined 
fault of the copyreaders, 
publishers andyourstrulyin 
the biggest mixup since 
Mickey Rooney changed 
shorts with Wilt Chamber-
lin . 

Let us De perfectly clear 
that the overworked and 
underpaid members of the 
sports staff will eradicate 
any future e nors from the 
don fines of this illustrious 
page. 

Oub 
Aikido 
Bowling 
Conditioning 

CONTACT 
Jeff Wong 
Otis Watson 
Renee 

PHONE 
-453~19 
-453-0746 
Ext. 2285 

FIRSTMEmNG 
°Mon. Oct. 1-7 pm 
Tues. Oct. 2-6 pm 
Mon. Sept. 2-4-12 noon 
Wrestling Room 
Mon .-Fri. 3-6 pm 
Nand W Balcony 
Tues. 8-11 pm 

Fencing 

Folk Dance 

Jim White Ext. 2275 

Bruce Hamilton Ext. 3005 
Fri. 7-1 am 

Gliding 

Golf 
Gymnastics 
Horseback Riding 
Karate 

Tony Stanonik 

April Burton 
Howard Simon 
Renee 

273-4121 

Ext. 1901 
Ext. 2176 
Ext. 2285 
Ext. 2467 

Wed. Oct. 3-6 pm 
202250 
TBA 
Mon . Oct. 1 7 pm 
Register Sept. 2-4, Gym 
Sat. 10-12 noon Ted Frankel 
Main Gym Floor 

Modern Dance 
Muir Outing 
Rhythmic Excercise 
Sailing 

Renee Ext . 2285 
-488-9779 
459-4885 
-488-36-42 

Thur. Oct. 46 pm 
Wed. Oct. 3 8 pm 
Thur. Oct. 47 pm 
Contact Santa Clara 
Sailing Facility 

Larry Meyer 
Madaline Mahler 
Mike Orbach 

Scuba Fred Fischer Ext. 1353 
Ext. 2285 
Ext. 1391 
582-0123 
Ext. 2803 
Ext. 2571 
Ext. 2285 
Ext. 2286 

Tues. Oct. 28 pm 
Thur. Oct . 47 pm 
Tues. Oct. 27 pm 
Wed. Oct. 37 pm 
Mon . Oct . 16 pm 
Mon . Oct. 16 pm 
Mon . Oct . 16 pm 
Thur. Oct. 48 pm 

Sky Diving 
Snow Ski 
Surfing 
Table Tennis 
Tenn is 

Scott Weekly/Renee 
Ron S~ott 
Eliot Rabin 

Ballet 
WaterSki 

Susan Mont ose 
Mike Cruikshank 
Elaine Irmer 
Gary Cam pbell 

Smog 
Continued from page 16 
tution of Oceanography 
helped some of the team 
members learn more about 
meteorology, and the 
California Highway Patrol 
helped to set up some of 
the sampling stat ions. Help 
has also come from Motor 
Laboratories, makers of air 
pollution monitoring 
equipment, and the Calif-
ornia Division of Highways 
Pollution Studies Division . 

"San Diego's frequent 
and severe temperature 
inversions together with 
the dense populat ion 
predicted for this a rea lead 
to the threat of not only 
frequent but critical smog 
episodes," Miss Heising 
said. " If we are able to 
show the city what is really 
happening in Mi ssi on 
Valley, it may affect the 
future growth of thi s area ," 
she said. 

The National Science 
Foundat ion grant provides 
for Miss Heising and one 
other member o f her team 
to go to Washington , D.C. 
dur ing the Chri stma s 
holidays to present the 
results of their work at a 
nat i onal s tuden t 
conference. 

SPECIAL RATES 
TUES. " THURS . 

300 

LA JOLLA 
5544 l..A JOLLA 

BLVD. 
45t-9996 

Low Blows 
Continued from page 3 

night is one of these. another is Argo hall waterfights . 
Ask any Argonut about last Ha"oween . 

" Other favorite pastimes are beer busts, the annual 
Coca-Cola party, smoking in the gym during movies, 
drinking beer from your very own refrigerator, 
smoking at floor parties, illicit relationships, smokin g 
during illicit relationships, and bringing your private 
stock to dinner. 

" One particulary fine tradition is to honor a" 
legitimate requests to turn your stereo down. 
However, if the objector is belligerent, turn it up to ten 
and lock the door. That always gets 'em. 
. Don 't hit RA 's with waterba"oons. 

Don 't think this place is dead just because it's the 
start of school. This is about as hot as it gets. You '" 
realize that when you find yourself looking forward to 
the latest graffitti on the elevator wal.ls. 

And don 't form too many lines out side. You know 
what happens to things that stand in one place too 
long. If you don't , observe a fire hydrant for a few 
hours. 

Thank you, Shakespeare. Never were truer words 
spoken . 

A" of us on the Low Blows and Cheap Shots new staff 
wish you freshmen the sorriest of luck. Your very 
presence in Revelle proves you ' re losers, and we only 
bet on sure things. 

The coffee house is closing and I gotta go. So long, 
targets! 

TUIlISH lATH 

Steam-Sauna-Sun Pat io 
Private DresslnQ Rooms 
Male Attendants Only 

STUDENT • 
MILITARV 

DISCOUNTS 

SAN DIEGO 
540 "F" ST. 
Downtown 
231 ••• 9 

UJHfRf RLL TH£ , 
• 

Page 12, Triton Times September 28, 1973 

p 
o 
R 
T 
S 

Facilities 

1M Volleyballers Siammin' Again 
Once again it is time for 

Intramural Volleyball at 
UCSD to swing into action . 
For the information of all 
yOu old-timers on the court 
and any new comers, Intra-

I mural Volleyball will be in 
. the new gym, two nights a 
week this quarter. 

One night there will be 
the usual sixes competition 
for a" levels of play and all 
types of players. This time, 
however, the teams have to 
consist of at least two girls. 
So all of you hot shot 
volleyball players better 
start getting your teams 
lined up. The Captain's 
meeting will be Friday Oct. 

5 at 3 p.m. in the PE Class-
room. 

The other night is going 
to be left for doubles 
competition - both mixed 
and men's. Each week 
there will be a round robin 
or elimination tournament 
for those who wish to play 
that night. Sign -ups for 
each week will be at the 
beginning of the evening in 
the gym. 

So a" of you vo"eyball 
players take the oppor-
tunity for some action, or at 
least an excuse to stop 
studying and come and 
enjoythefunl 

A Look Into the Gym 
Now that you have fihally 

settled into the routine of 
school life, it is time to talk 
about things that you can 
do to get away from all of 
the routine of classes and 
homework. 

The gym is a good place 
to do this . It not only offers 
you a place to get together 
to play basketball or vo"ey-
ball , but also is the starting 
point for activities of four 
main types : Intramurals, 
recreational clubs, physical 
education classes and inter-
collegiate competition. 

Intramurals are the most 
popular of all the activiti es 
with a great majority of 
UCSD students part ici pat-
ing in at least one of the 
more than 15 offerred 
sports . This fall quarter flag 
football , both mens and 
coed wi" be played, six and 
two-man volleyball, coed 
innertube basketball and a 
few other, if the interest is 
shown . 

In other quarters sports 
like basketball, mens, coed 
and 5' 10" and under ; coed 
innertube water polo , soc-
cer, volleyball , which if 
offered every qUarter, soft-
ball and several others will 
take place with capacity, 
and over-capacity, crowds 
participating. . 

Student officials will be 
provided by the intramural 
department so as to keep 
the games "orderly" and 
"safe". To get more infor-
mation on the intramural 
activities for the next year 
contact the intramural 
office at ext. 2276. 

Recreational clubs are 
also very popular and there 
are 22, ranging from Aikido 
and Karate to Rhythmic 
Excercise and Horseback 
Riding. You say horses are 
afraid of you because you 
smell too much? Then you 
pick from more individual 

Redhoe 
BJue 

Curt Mastal ka's 
(seadreams) 
New Surf Film 

with 'The 
Rocketmen ' 

San Diego 
Premiere 

Sept. 24-30 
Mon. - Sun . 

7:30910:00 
Adm . $2.25 

pluS slide show 
8y Int'l. Surfing Magazine 

·LAPALOMA 
PACIFIC COAST HWY . 

ENCI NITAS 753-3955 

sports like tennis, fencing, 
golf and bowling. Still not 
satisfied? Try the Muir Out-
ing, Sailing, 'Scuba or Snow 
or Water Skiing clubs. 

For the first meetings of 
these clubs and all the rest, 
check in this issue of the 
TT, in the recreation news-
letter, the TRYING TIMES 
or with the recreation 
office at ext . 2285 . 

Many courses are offer-
red every quarter in things 
like vo"eyball, basketball , 
swimming, skin and scuba 
diving, tennis, karate and 
fencing. These are offerred 
on the beginning, inter-
mediate and advanced 
levels, depending on the 
skills of the individual. 

The courses are taught by 
the "s killed and profession-
al" members of the the PE 
department who know the 
sports they teach just a little 
better than the best stu-
dents in their classes. 

For more information on 
all of the courses offerred 
check the fall catalogue or 

,ca ll the PE department at 
ext . 2275. 

Last, but not least , are the 
intercollegiate teams that 
represent' UCSD, so me 
well, others not so well, 
against other schools both 
near and far. Better teams 
have brought back various 
national championships, 
including karate, vo"eyball 
and fencing, so this aspect 
of the department is meant 
for those who " posses a 
high degree of proficiency 
in sport skills." 

Included in these inter-
colleg ia te sports are crew, 
basketball, golf, fencing, 
rugby, sai ling, surfing, 
tennis, track, volleyball, 
water polo and wrestling. 
In all, UCSD fields a total of 
28 teams, more than most 
major co lleges in , the 
nation. For more infor-

mation contact the inter-
collegiate offict at ext . 2276. 

The PE office also has 
time set aside for casual 
recreation, for those who 
do reation, for those who 
do not want to participate 
in any of the organized 
activities . Basketba" and 
volleyba" can be played 
any time that the gym is 
free as well as free use of 
the outside courts. 

The tennis courts can be 
reserved with a student 10 
or a recreation priviledge 
card, all day, except when 
classes or other organized 
activities are scheduled . 
The courts can be reserved 
by signing up for them in 
the equipment room or by 
ca lling the room at ext. 
2284. . 

Handball and sqash 
courts can also be reserved 
by ca lling the equipment 
room . Sports equipment of 
all kinds can be checked 
out by all students by pre-
senting an 10 or rec. card to 
the room. 

Sailboats and sailing les-
sons are available through 
the Santa Clara Point Sail -
ing Facility, run jointly by 
several area universities, 
with the purchase or a nau-
tical card from the sail ing 
facility or the PE depart-
ment. More information 
can be obtained from the 
facility at -488-3642. 

All of these activities will 
be enhanced by the recent 
addition of a new gym-
nasi um, next to the old 
one, that will double the 
capacity of the old facility . 
Lighted tennis courts will 
also increase the hours of 
operation of the depart-
ment. 

For all water nuts, the 
pool is open for free swim-
ming weekdays from 12 

Continue? on page 13 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT' 
IN LA JOLLA ~~~~ 

SALES· RapA.IAS. TRADES 
DISCOUNT PRlaS 
~~CIALISTS IN CANON PUOTO&RA"UIC S'fSTaM5 

ON .. OF THA ""tWiU uucr' tJN 01' __ 
£IU"M',," ANO SU/PjIuft - ~.ATUIIJNa _ 

"/IR)~,~N.~ 

I 458·'.55 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
711'7 h .Y "'I". IFr. In nil ... ) LA ~OLL" 

marketing, management 
theory, per so nn el New Program 
selection, and organiza-

A certificate program in t ional effectiveness. 
credit union operation and Those working on a cer-

Course 
at Scripps 

New 
,Facilities 

management has just been tificate may receive c re dit Parents in the San Diego 
created by University of for two transfer courses area this fall will be able to 
California Extension, San which meet standards set take a course with their 
Dieog, in cooperation with by the program's advisory children on Saturda)f 
the California Credit Un ion board. mornings at Scripps In sti -

animals inhabiting our local 
coast areas, according to 
instruc tor Heid i Du ndon of 
the Sc ripps Aqua riu m -
Museum staff. 

League. Me m b e r s 0 f the tution of O ceanography. 
The cert ificate program is advirosry board are "Sealife Study for the " Al so we're going to 

designed especially for Michael Fontanetta of the Family" is a special pro- st ud y d ifferences of 
credit union staff members California Credit Unio n gram spon sored by UCSD habitat , locomot ion, fOQd 
in the Sa n Diego area wh o League, Po mona ; and from Extension to give famili es gathe ring and camou-
want to further their San Diego: Ginger Franks, an opportun ity to learn flage," sh e said. 
Professional in t ere s ts. Rohr Employees Fede ral ; together about living things AI ' G S D'ego Sea urc hins, sa nd do lla rs, Participants must complete Vln eorge, an I in the ocean, from plank-

G d EI tr 'c Fede al ' sea cuc umbers, dolph ins nine courses . as an ec I r , ton to Whales. 
r J ' San Diego and whales, sand c rabs and 

Enrollment in the 1m amdes0'l' A h 0 ' There will be five meet - shore c rabs, and gru nion, 

I Stud ents returning to 
I UCSD will find expan ded 
faci lit ies avai lable in the 
gy mnasium where another 
basketball court, con -
ference rooms and offices 
for recreational and I int ramural programs were 
added during the summer. 
New checkout lanes at the I student bookstore will also 

I be finished in time to 
handle the rush of book 
buying for t he fall term. 

program costs $15, a fee c Navy Fe era ;S rt~. - irigs, includ ing a fi eld trip sharks a nd ga ribald i are on whl'ch does not apply to onogu e , a n I ego h 'd I Th f t Oth er co n s t r uct ion 
. County Employees; and to t e tl e poo s. e Irs the list. I . 

registrationinthecourses . class se ssi on begi ns at 8 nearing comp etlon 
Hal Stephen s, Publ ic I t'O ' 11 be d . Partl'cipants wi" be able a.m. this Sa turday (Sept. 29) nSH UC I n WI inclu es Improvements Schools Federal. I ff d ' II . t h h ' to study credit union in Room 307 of Vaughn 0 ere In co ectlon ec - being made to Hutc Ison University Extension also ' f the m'cro 'd b concepts and operations, Hall at Scripps. nlques, use 0 I - Way to provi e etter 
offer s prof ess ion a l scope and dissection, with k' f 'I' t' d as 'ler business law, information . All adult s, incl ud ing par Ing aCI lies an e 
certificate programs In adul ts and chl'ld ren h M h Pro c es sin g , hum a n teac hers are welcom e to access to t e att ews 
applied programming , 0 k' g togeth erasteams Th d ' 11 

relat ions, and account ing . automated inf.ormation enroll. Ch ildren should be w r In . Campus. e new roa WI I 
Exte nsl'on is offering fifth g rade or above and Pre-regist ration is urged. I service the Internationa systems, systems manage- . h C d th 

courses in all these areas d must be accompanied by Please tele ph o n e t e enter an e new 
ment, management , an ff ' 453 2000 I st udent activity center du rin g th e fa" quarter. real estate. an adult. Exten sion 0 Ice , - , d . 

Classes begin the week of I Emphasis will be on extension 2061 for furth er sched uled to open urlng 
For information, pease d fy h f the w'lnter term. 5 t 24 28 I h 453 2000 learn ing to i enti t e in ormation . 

Work is continuing on a 
$5.2 million fine arts build-
ing which will house a 900-
seat a.uditorium designed 
for concerts, drama pro-
ductions and lecture 
programs. The structure 
will provide offices, class-
rooms and work space for 
the Departments of Music, 
Visual Arts and Drama . 

Construction has also 
been started on a new pier 
at the imitz Marine Facil-
ity on Point Lorna for the 
Scri pps I nstitution of 
Oceanography to be 
completed next March. 

During the year, 
construction will begin on 
a $4 million marine biology 
building at Scripps. Ground 
will also be broken in April 
for the first four buildings 
of Third College, now 
housed on Matthews 
Campus. ep. - . te ep one - , exten - L 

Electives to choose from sion 2061. ____________________ -, in the program include . ...:::::.:.:~::.:.:.....-______ ...L _____________________ _ 

Reorgani- . 
zatlon 

Continued from page 1 
Com mittee's role has not 
been clearly defined. But 
she did see the expanded 
scope of the Advisory 
Com mittee (control over 
the Education Fee, as well 
as the Student Activi ty Fee, 
an d the Student Center 
Fee) as a positive step to-
wards efficiently organizing 
student activities. She 
added , however, that, "If 
the administration tries to 
tell us where the money 
should go, the councH will 
not take it very we ll ." 

Event ually , the full 
Advisory Committee will 
be co mposed of three 
representatives from each 
college, one representative 
from each of th e " recog-
nized ethnic minorities," 
(Blacks, Chicanos, Asian -
America ns, and Native 
Americans), a represent-
ative from the UC Student 
Lobby annex, and the ex-
cochairperson of the old 
Registrati on Fee 
Committee. 

Vice-chairman and Dean 
of Aca d e mi c Affair s , 
George Murphy, sees no 
reason for any student un-
easiness about the organ-
izationa l change. He says it 
was an evolutionary exten-
sion of the Committee's 
scope, both in respOnsibil -
ity an d in representation , 
that it preserves equal stu -
dent-nonstudent partici-
pation , and that it basically 
leg itimizes what they've 
already been doing . 

Furthermo re , Murphy 
praised the Committee for 
what he called, "singu lar 
student partici pat ion in the 
Regi stration Fee Com -
mitt ee, the most dramatic 
in volvement of students in 
the administration and 
governance of any UC 
campus. 

He also pointed out that 
fo ur different Chancellors 
Over seven years have, 
" never challenged o ne 
nic kel" of the funds a l-
loca ted by th student ad-
visory committee . 

Gym •.. 
Continued from page 12 
noon to 2 p.m ., 5:30 to 6:30 
p.m. and 7:30 to 10 p.m . 
and from 12 noon to 6 p.m . 
on weekends. For inform-
ation about hours · and 
classe call the pool at ext . 
1177. 

UegePla11. 
More than just a cheap checking account. 

College Plan is a whole new idea for 
college students from B ank of America. 

First off, you'll get the COLLEGE 
PLAN CHECKING ACCOUNT with 
unlimited checkwriting privileges, a nd no 
m inimum balance requirements. All for 
only $1 a m o nth, a nd the su mmer is free. 
That's c heap. 

But what else? 
BANKAMERICARD, the 

universally accepted credit card whose 
identification feature can help you cash 
checks even where you're not known. 
You can even use it to c harge your tuition 

at state universities. Ask for our Student 
Application. 

INSTANT CASH can protect you 
against bounced checks. 

W hen your application has bee n 
approved, Instant Cash automatica lly 
deposits the necessary funds - up to a pre-
arranged limit - into your checking 
account to cover your check. 

.. EDUCATIONAL WANS. ava ila ble 
to qualified students. Further inform ation 
and student loa n a pplicatio ns a re availa b le 
at your College Fina ncia l Aid Office. 

SAVINGS ACCOUNTS for a lmost 
any need. There's no safer place for your 
savings than B ank of America. 

. 

SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS. 
O ver t hirty o f o ur college bank ing offices 
a re no w employing s tude nts as R e p re-
senta t ives. They h ave been especially 
trained t o counsel stu den ts o n mon ey 
m atters. Y o u r St ude n t R epresentati ve 
underst a nds stud e n t problem s and can 
save you time whe n it com es to solving 
t hem. In o the r offices a B a nk officer 
wi ll be ha ppy to help . 

Co m e in a nd fin d out about this 
un iq ue C ollege P lan Program. It 's a lot 
m o re th a n just a cheap checkin g account. 
And no o ther ba nk h as it. 

Col1ege Plan available only at: 

N orth La Jolla Office 
3255 La Jolla Village Dr. 

RANK 
OFAMERICA ' 

' . ) Pag 13, Triton Tim r 28, 1973 



Ex ension Workshop 
A Saturda~ workshop on 

how to " Id successful 
work sho p will be 
presented del. 13 at the 
Hanalei Hotel. 

UCSD Extension is 
offering the program to 
people throughout the 
fields of business, educa-
tion and health care who 
have responsibility for 
planning and imple-
menting group meetings 
which fall into a broadly 
defined "workshop" 
category. 

Three experts in 
conference design will 
team up to teach the 
" master workshop," 
concentrating on tools that 
have been developed for 
achieving pertinent goals. 

. They are psychologists 
Morton Shaevitz and 
Stephen Doyne of La Jol~a, 
and Richard MacKenZie, 
M .D., of Los AnReles. 

purpose. 
"To be effective," he 

says, "you have to be able 
to make good decisions 
about who should be 
invited to participate and to 
speak, the size of the 
group, and amounts of 
time you'll devote to cer-
tain objectives. 

" The other side of that 
coin, how much infor-
mation to pack into any 
particular time segment, is 
another basic element, as is 
choice of formats," says the 
psychologist. 

The workshop on' the 
13th will highlight a variety 
of methods for assuring 
best use of t ime, people 
and resources. 

Meeting time is 9 a.m. in 
the Empire Room of the 
Hanalei . A fee of $25 will be 
charged, which includes 
lunch at the hotel. 

Slmlling Helps A Lot 
Continued from page 1 

gentleman, Mr. Davis. He picked me up on faith alone. 
I wasn 't on the ramp more than ten minutes before I 

got a ride. That one took me to Manchester, where I 
got a lift to Monteagle. My next ride was in a blue 
Gremlin that carried me to Chattanooga. The man 
driving told me that he might be going to Atlanta later 
on, but only maybe. We parted friends. I was lucky on 
my next connection; he took me to Marietta . Who 
should pick me up there but the man in the blue 
Gremlin! 

By skips and jumps, I managed to get as far as 
Swainsboro by midnight Saturday. My time in 
Swainsboro was something of a fiasco, though. I was 
now on Highway 80 and traffic ranged from sparse to 
nonexistent. I " pitched" maybe three vehicles before I 
took shelter in a deserted garage for the night. The 
next morning wasn't much better. A howling dog .woke 
me, and when I went out to look for some grub, one of 
Swainsboro's finest told me to get out of town. Up till 
then, I had considered myself a light traveller. Carrying 
my stuff two miles to the city Ii mites did much to 
convice me otherwise. 

Sunday mornings are the worst for thumbing. 
Everyone's either going to church or staying at home, it 
seems. But after two hours or so I got a ride to Twin 
City and from there to Savannah. 

All things considered, I think I did fairly well. I had 
never hitched anywhere near that far before. Also, the 
long hair and luggage didn't give me any advantages. 
My success, I feel, boiled down to using the system 
developed on that couch in Murfreesboro. I am going 
to share that system with you now. 

Shaevitz, who is director 
of Counseling and Psycho-
logical Services at UCSD 
and an associate of the 
National Training Labora-
tory/Institute for Applied 
Behavioral Science, points 
out that workshops which 
leave participants feeling 
ignored, exploited or 
bored have defeated a key 

For registration infor-
mation, please telephone 
Mrs. Marjorie Schneider of 
the Extension staff at 453-
2000, extension 2073. 

IT IS A SIMPLE SYSTEM based on three things that I 
___________ call the "Three I\'s." Now, didn4 t that work out 

contraceptive 
protection 

that's ready 
when you 

arer 

• 

With tbe olll ,foun IIPpliatQt: 
you CAll pn. and make reAdy 
up to • Wefit .'"-nee. Sl:o[e 
"ppbClfon,;t in....." N'Kh , .. 
apply in S« .:>rid ••.. insnor pro· 
l«Oon. N( Ia,. to mlf tbe 
mood or t: pr you 10 'kip. 
Dlloty, 0.1 .1 f~din8 . No 
honnoots. ghlyeffectlve. 
Il«ommet.cl by physirun., 
.,et£mkol~ · Fd if 
10 Nfe .nd .iropl~ 
to ~ you can buy 
it at drug depart. 
meou "irhoul • 
pre$criprion. 

UCSD 
Ranks 

UCSD ranked 10th in the 
nation in the amount of 
federal support funds 
received during the 1972 
fiscal year according to a 
report released by the 
National Science Found-
ation . 

The report, published in 
"NSF Highlights" and pre-
pared by the NSF Division 
of Science Resources 
Studies, lists the 100 univer-
sities and colleges receiving 
the largest amounts of 
federal funds during the 
fiscal year ending June 30, 
1972. 

According to the report , 
federal support to univer-
si ties and colleges ameunt-
ed to $4.1 billion during 
1972, an increase of $643 
million, or 18 per cent, over 
the previous fiscal year. 

UCSD received nearly 
$57.7 million, an increase of 
some $8 million over the 
previous year, moving the 
San Diego campus from 
12th to 10th in the list of the 
top 100 schools. 

In the University of Calif-
ornia system, UCSD was 
second only to UCLA, 
which ranked sixth in the 
nation. 

UC Berkeley, ranked 
11th, UC San Francisco, 
ranked 21st, and UC Davis, 
ranked 42nd, were also 
listed in the top 100. 

The Massachusetts In -
stitute of Technology, with 
a total of nearly $113 
million in Federal grants, 
lead all other universities 
and colleges in the nation. 

Othe~ in tne wp 10 
were : University of 
Washington, University of 
Michigan, Harvard Univer-
sity, University of Minne-
sota, UCLA, University of 
Wisconsin (Madison), Stan-
ford University, Columbia 
University, and UCSD. 

The University of South -
ern California, ranked 27th, 
and the California Insti tute 
of Technology, ranked 51st, 
were the only other Cali f-
ornia schools list d among 
th top 100. 

Page 14, triton '~fl'n ~ s.ept rpb~r 2?, 1?,73 

conven iently? 
*Appearance: In all dealings with people it pays to 

look your best . I wore a hat to keep my hair from doing 
the Medusa bit. Light colored clothing is good because 
you're easy to see and because people tend to asociate 
with the good guys. No matter what you're wearing, 
make it look neat. You have less than 30 seconds to sell 
yourself - don 't blow it by looking sloppy. 

"Attitude: Unless you're sporting a shotgun, a 
certain number of drivers are going to pass you by . 
When a driver passes you, he's really helping you. He's 
bringing you one car closer to your ride. And don't feel 
bad when a woman passes you up. They have too much 
to lose if you are the wrong type of person. Ann 
Marshall, a writer for a . paper once picked me up on 
Abercorn. I consider that a triumph because I don't 
expect women to give me rides. 

Don't be blind to the facts, but do all you can to keep 
you rself " up". Your positive attitude will come across. 
People like a winner. 

*Actions : Smile. Smiling is infectious. It's hard not to 
smile when someone is smiling at you. Also, it separates 
you from the rest of the pack. Most hitchers look like 
their best friends just died and they're on the way to 
the funeral. When people smile back at you, you 'll 
feel better. . 

Wave to drivers at every opportunity, even if you 
have to turn around as they go by . Do this becasue 
approaching cars will see it and think the better of you 
for it. Remember, you are trying to break down their 
ini tial mistrust . Acting happy will do it. I'll do several 
acts when I'm on the road. Point to my thumb and nod, 
say. Or pretend I'm driving and step on the brakes. At 
other times I 'll go into a little soft-shoe to get their 
attention. All of these "acts" are punctuated with a 
smil and a thumb so the drivers won't forget why I'm 
out there. 

AND NOW THOSE ever-present "don'ts". 
Don 't play hard to get. Make it easy for the driver to 

pull over. 
Don't ever react negatively to any abuse. You can 

prevent most of it by smiling. If they don't smile back, 
at least they won't throw a bottle at you . 

Don't stand in the road if you can help it. Most cities 
have ordinances against soliciting rides on the 
roadbed . 

Don't smoke. Many people think it connotes a 
character flaw. 

Don't ever let a driver know he's number 359. Treat 
him like the first . 

This system isn't too hard to follow but it does 
require one to swallow some of his pride. A friend told 
me that he wouldn't do what I do on the road because 
it looks " ridi culous". Sure it looks ridiculous! The point 
is to get rides, though , not to look "cool". And when I 
catch a lift I can laugh a little too. 

All the way home. 

Muir 
Continued from page' 

The Muir College Five and Dime is looking for 
p ople to h Ip run the facility which offers donuts, 
relaxation, and entertainment to students on 
we knights. 

* • * 
Five and Dim also n eds people to provide 

entertainment, such as bands. 
* " * 

Interested persons should con tact Cleo Malon , 
Muir olleg r sid nt d an, in the resident's dean's 
office on the first floor, northeast corn r of th Muir 

Apar~ments . 

Eastern Religions 
·Dr. Delwin Schneider, an 

authority on eastern 
religions, will preach on 
the theme, "Answer to 
Estrangement," this 
Sunday, September 30, at 
University Lutheran 
Church in La Jolla . Substi-
tuting for Campus Pastor 
John Huber, Dr. Schneider 
will also serve as celebrant 
for the guitar folk mass 
which begins at 10:00 a.m. 
Bev Chaffee, UCSD 
alumna, is the chief 
mUSICian for the con-
temporary liturgy. 

Mr. Schneider's 
academic background 
includes the completion of 
advanced degree programs 
at Concordia Seminary in 
SI. Louis , Pepperdine 
University in California, 

and Rikkyo University in 
Tokyo. He also did post-
doctoral research at 
Harvard's Center for the 
Study of World Religions, 
and is today professor of 
religious studies and 
coorddinator of the Center 
for the Study of World 
Religions at the University 
of San Diego. His most 
recent books include " No 
God But God" and 
"Konkokyo: A Japanese 
Religion ." He, his wife and 
four children are residents 
of La Jolla. 

University lutheran 
Church is located across 
the street from the Urey 
Hall parking lot at UCSD, at 
the junction of La Jolla 
Shores Drive and North 
Torrey Pines Road . It is 
open to all. 

Sickle Cell Grants Issued 
A coalition of profes-

sional athletes, community 
social workers, and univer-
sity researchers met last 
week at UCSD to bolster 
the attack on sickle cell 
anemia. 
Representatives from the 
Black Athletes ' Foundation 
and the Black Action 
Committee met in the 
laboratory of Dr. Edward 
Alexander, assistant pro-
fessor of chemistry at 
UCSD, with a check for 
S2,OOO to su pport a research 

project aimed at finding a 
treatment for victims of the 
disease. 

San Diego Chargers 
Bryant Salter and Chris 
Fletcher, representing the 
Black Athletes' Foundation 
and Bernard Ashcraft, a 
member of the Black 
Action Committee and 
executive director of the 
sickle cell Anemia Center 
in San Diego, jointly 
presented the check to 
UCSD Chancellor William 
McElroy. 

Save Black's Beach 
Drive Begins 

Continued from page 1 
became more intense following the recent arrest of 
several nude bathers near San Onofre. 

Ms. Thomas said that maximum penalties for nude 
bathing, a misdemeanor, are S500 or 90 days in jail. 

Park rangers posted signs on Torrey Pines State 
Beach, near trails leading north to Black's Beach, on 
September 18, the day Proposition A failed in election. 
The proposition would have opened areas around 
Black's Beach to developers, thus eliminating the 
beach's "secluded" status. 

Ms. thomas said the District office of the Parks and 
Recreation Department termed the posting of the signs 
on the day of the election " coincidental." The signs 
were destroyed by vandals the next day. 

The rangers had indicated that strict enforcement of 
the anti-nudity law would begin last Monday, but 
District Parks and Recreation Superintendent James 
Whitehead agreed to suspend enforcement until after 
the October 12 meeting. Mr. Whitehead met with 
members of the CSBB last week, and assured them 
that he would rather his rangers not have to spend all 
of their time chasing skinnydippers. 

Chief Park Ranger Frank Fairchilds said that dogs had 
been prohibited on the public beaches at one time, but 
that public pressure had forced an easing of that 
regulation. Ms. Thomas said that c;om paints involving 
nudity have been far fewer than those involving dogs. 

One member of the petitioning group commen ted 
that most "relatively civilized" (republics) have 
recognized the need for some sort of nude sunbathing 
and swimming, and that allowances for such have been 
made without offending significant numbers of 
people. 

The petitioner, who asked to remain unnamed, said 
that (much) of the CSBB's opposition has come from 
the community of La Jolla Farms. He said that members 
of the CSBB, who had hoped to cooperate with the 
residents, were received "with hosti lity." 

Research on 
Smog-
Trapping 
Process 

SAN DIEGO - Mission 
Valley, a wide green belt 
running through the 
middle of San Diego from 
the coast to the eatern city 
limits, has become one of 
the worst smog traps in the 
county . 

The area has all the 
necessary ingredients: a 
mild easterly wind carrying 
pollution into the valley, 
two major interstate high-
ways (one running the 
length of the valley), plenty 
of sunlight, and a pro-
pensity toward temp-
erature inversions. Mix 
these together and the 
residents at the boxed 
eastern end of the valley 
can stand and watch a blue 
sky turn brown each day. 

A student research team 
from the University of 
California, San Diego docu-
mented this smog-trapping 
process during a 12-w~ek 
su mmer project in the 
hopes of developing an air 
pollution model that can 
serve as a basis for future 
studies of the entire 
southern California area . 

Under the direction of 
Lynn Heising, a 20-year-old 
UCSD senior from Ja Jolla, a 
team of 15 students estab-
lished eight monitoring 
stations throughout the 
'valley to measure the 
amount of nitrogen oxides, 
ozone, carbon monoxide, 
and particulate material in 
the air. Through an $18,000 
National Science Founda-
tion studen t-oriented 
summer grant, the stations 
were monitored on a 24-
hour basis to provide a 
profile on how air pollution 
turns into smog and where 
it goes. 

From this profile a 
computer model will be 
developed to predict 
fu ture smog levels based 
upon the amount of air 
pollutants and weather 
conditions. 

In addition, the team is 
taking st ill and motion 
pictures of the formation 
and movement of smog in 
the valley in order to give 
the public so mething more 
graphic than just figures on 
paper. 

"The end result will be a 
movie viewable by the 
public to create awareness 
of San Diego's increasing 
air pollution problem," 
Miss Heising said. 

"There have been no 
through studies of quanti-
ties, spread, or distribution 
of air polutants in San 
Diego," she said. "The 
county operates one 
stat ion a ry mon ito ring 
device for the entire valley 
which does not provide 
enough information for a 
valid air pollution model of 
the area." 

Miss Heising, a Revelle 
College applied physics 
and information science 
major, applied to the 
National Science Found-
ation for the grant during 
the last school year and 
then helped organize a 
team of students, mostly 
from UCSD, with expertise 
in photography, chemistry, 
biology, computer 
programming, and meter-
ology. 

Much of the equipment 
used in the survey has been 
borrowed or improvis d by 
th students. 

UCSD's Scripps Instl-
Continued on page 12 

Wells Fargo has a checking. plan· 
· especially for students. 

N a price designed 
especially for students. 

Wei's Fargo Be 101 

000 .. 

For a dollar a month, you can have a student checking 
account at Wells Fargo Bank. There's no minimum balance re-
quired, and you can write as many checks as you want. 

You'll get a sta ement every month. And if you decide 
not to write checks over the summer, ther 's no monthly ervice 
charge at all. We'll still keep your account open, even if there' 
no money in it, until you return to chool in the Fall. 

We also have a special Master Charge credit plan for tu-
dents. It provides extra money when you need it-and a good way 
to build credit standing. 

To find out more about student banking, come in to the 
La Jolla Office of Wells Fargo Bank at 7602 Girard Av nue 
in La Jolla. 

Wells Fargo ~nk. 

Pag 15, Triton Time 



.. --~----------------------------------------announcements'" 
A lecture 0 " CoperniCUs - A 
Universal G nius" by a Pollsh-
American istorlan. Henry 
Archacki 01 New York spon-
sored by {h. Polish" American 
Association 01 San Diego 
Friday, Supt. 28, 4 PM , HL 
Audiroliurr . (9/28) 

sunday 

CHURCH SERVICES AVAIL-
ABLE FOR UNIVERSITY 
LUTHERAN 
Sunday at 10:00 am Pastor 
John Huber 

ROMAN CATHOLIC 
Saturday at 11 :30 pm, Sunday 
at 8 :30 am, Sunday at 11 :00 
am, Sunday at 5:00 pm, 
Tuesday and Thursday at 
12:00. Chaplains Ed Donovan 
and Bernard Campbell 
(Revelle Formal Lounge) 

COMMUNITY lor CHRISTIAN 
SERV ICE 
Led by Episcopal Chaplain and 
U . M . H . E . (U . D . D ., 
Presbyterian and Methodist) 
Chaplain 
The Holy Euchar i st 
(Communion) Sundays at 
11 :30 and Wednesday at 5:20 
pm. 

ALL SERVICES AT UNIVER-
SITY lUTHERAN CHURCH -
9595 lA JOLLA SHORES 
DRIVE - UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. ( 10/ 2 ) 

UCSD Br idge Club is offerring 
Iree bridge lessons to UCSD 
stu dents They will be 
conducted in a sertes 01 six 
lessons, to be held on Sunday 
nights at 7:00 PM in the 
Revelle North Dintng Hall. The 
Instructor will be professional 
bridge columnist Bob 
Roseblum. The lessons are 
based for beginners, but 
anyone can benefit Irom them 
For lurthur Information, call 
Barry at 755-7368 . (9 /28) 

CHURCH OF THE GOOD SAR-
ITAN (EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
IN UNIVERSITY CITY) 
Sunday Services, 8 and 10 am, 
in Marcy Elementary School , 
2640 Soderblom Avenue. 
Transport can be arranged 
Irom UCSD . Volunteers 
welcome lor Prison visiting 
program , and small Choir . 
Opportinities in Bible study and 
religious drama . For 
Inlormation, contact the Vicar , 
the Reverend lawrence 
Waddy; Department 01 litera-
ture, Hl 1528, or extension 
1226. (9/28) 

monday 
The u.c .s.e. Art History Club 
is having its lirst meeting 
Monday, October 1, at 7:30 In 
the International Center. All 
interested should attend to 
plan discussion topics and 
films lor quarter. Slides 01 
Venice will also be shown. 
(9 / 28) 

ATTENTION All UCSD 
STUDENTSII!! 
MONDAY, Oct. 1, will be the 
l irst meeting 01 the Under--
graduate Student Council 
(Iorm i ly SlIC) . Al l are 
welcome - especially il you 
want to be in on the ground 
work lor what will be an event-
lull year in 'student govern-
ment' . II will be held in Bldg 
250 MC at 5:00 pm , (il every-
one arrives on lime it won't be 
a l ong meeli ng ). Al l 
MEMBERS MUST ATTEND!!!!! 
(9 / 28 ) 

INTERCOl lEG IATE SAILI NG 
- First meeting will be 
Monday, Oct. 1, 7 pm in the PE 
Classroom . All interested 
urged to attend. (9 /28 ) 

general 
Pre-Med. Women Meet Wed. 
Oct. 3 at 7:30 pm In_ Winzer 
Commons, Basic Sciences 
Bldg., Matthews Campus to 
dicuss the state 01 the world , 
sign up lor hospital rounds , 
med. school visits , meetings 
with medical students and 
women doctors. For lurther 
Inlormation call 452-1278. 
(10/2) 

Commuter lockers are 
avaUabte lor Muir students. 
See Frannie at 2125 20 , Muir 
Dean's Office. (10/2) 

FREE Typing Class! Beginning. 
I ntermediate, Advanced . 
Mondays, 1 pm to 4 pm, Rm . 
228, Humanltios Libra!'y Bldg. 
Adult Ed . Instructor . 

WRITING CLINIC will open on 
Monday, October 1, to help you 
prepare and refine written 
course work. Services are 
available by appointment only. 
Cali 453-2000 x 1306 and ask 
Jackie McClinton or Barbara 
Pingree lor details (10/5) 

FREE Typing Class! Beginning , 
Intermediate, Advanced . 
Mondays, 1 pm to 4 pm, Rm . 
228, Humanities Library Bldg . 
Adult Ed . Instructor. FREE 
Stenoscrlpt Class I Tues. & 
Thurs., 9 am to 12, Rm 228, 
Humanities Library Bldg. Adult 
Ed. Instructor. For Inlormation. 
phone DEDP, ext. 2138 (10/5) 

lUAU 
The He Noelanl Hawaiian 
Dance Co., a registered 
student organization, will have 
their annual ' luau', on October 
14th, Sunday, 4:00 pm at the 
International Center. The event 
will leature the He Noelani 
dancers and other group 
dancers Irom San Francisco 
and Los Agneles. The menu 
will conSists 01 Kalua pig, 
ch icken polynesia, salad. 
dessert and fruit punCh, and it 
all cost $2.00 per person, 
everyone invited. Tickets will 
be av ail able a t the 
Internati<tnal Center. 
Door pirzes will be distr ibuted 
to those with the lucky tickets. 
A special pr ize will be given to 
the participant who part ici-
pates in the Audience Partici-
pation. (1 0 /2) 

MECHA Will be sponsoring a 
diSCUSSion on Chile next 
Tuesday, Oc t 2, 1973 at 7:30 
pm. It will be held on Revell 
Campus, USB 2622 (10/2) 

THERE WilL BE A KSDT-
RADIO ORGANIZATIONAL 
MEETING HELD TUESDAY, 
OCT. 2 IN CONFERENCE 
ROOM A, 105 MC AT 7:30 PM. 
ANY AND All PEOPLE 
WELCOME-IF YOU HAVE 
ANY SKill OR ANY 
INTEREST-THEN COME! 
(10/2) 

Students, a handball club is 
now lorming on campus. A 
competition team will be 
lormed In association with the 
club. Anyone who is interested 
in joining should contact 
Margie Smith in the PE office 
or phone 453-0930 and ask for 
Mike. (10/9) 

UCSD SOARING CLUB 
General meet.ing will be held 
Wed. Ocl. 3 at 6:00 pm in the 
Recreation Gym Conlerence 
room. Film. and slides will be 
shown and questions 
answered . Inlormation: Tony 
Stanonik 272-4121 . (10/2) 

ATTENTION GRADUATION 
SENIORS 
Those students planning to 
graduate Fall Quarter 1973 
should file a candidacy card 
with their Provost Office no 
later than October 5th. (10/5) 

BIOLOGY AND CHEMISTRY 
CLINIC will open on Monday, 
October 1, In Room 1201 
Bonner Hall - get help with 
home problems and concepts 
Irom 1-5 pm and 7-10 pm 
Sundays through Thursdays. 
For more info, call Albert 
leung , x 1306. (1 0 / 5) 

MATH AND PH YSICS CLI NIC 
will also open on Monday, 
October 1, but in Room 51 32, 
Build ing 2A. Hou rs lor 
consultat ion on problems and 
concepts are 2-5 pm and 7-1 0 
pm M ondays th r ou gh 
Thursdays . For lurther inlo, 
contact larry Hedges, x 1306. 
(10/5) 

FREE Steoscrlpt Class! Tues. 
& Thurs., 9 11m to 12. Rm 228, 
Humanities library Bldg. Adult 
Ed. Instructor. 

ASSORTED STUDY SKillS 
CLASSES Improve your 
reading speed and 
comprehension, increa58 your 
study skills or note tllklng 
ability by joining one or more 01 
thesa groups. The groups 
beginning the week 01 October 
1 so come to Room 6008, Muir 
20 (H&SS Bldg.) . For more , 
inlo, call Jackie McClinton or 
Barbara Pingree, x 1306. 
Effective Reading Group: 1. M 
& W at 10-11 am; 2. M & Wat 
11 -12 am; 3. Mondays only at 
1-2 pm. 
Study Skills Group: 1. M & W at 
9-10 am; 2. Wednesday 1-2 
pm. 
Note-Taking Group: 1. Tuesday 
at 10-11 am ; 2. Tuesday at 11-
12 am. (10/5) 

EARN MONEY FAST!! 
Announcing the grand opening 
01 the new UCSD Co-op Book 
Exchange. Bring your old texts , 
recreational reading, records , 
comics, etc, to use - and 
we'll do the seeing lor you . The 
Co-op Book Exchange is 
located on the ground floor 01 
Blake Hall , in the plaza side 
stairwell , Operating hours lor 
the first two weeks are -
Monday 12:30 - 1 : 50 , 
Tuesday 9 :30 - 11 :00 , 
Wednesday - 12:30-1 :50 and 
3:30-5:00, Thursday 9:30-
11 :00, and Friday 12:30-1 :50. 

The first meeting of the THIRD 
COllEGE FACULTY and 
STAFF will be held on 
Wednesday, October 3, 1973, 
at 4:00 pm, in ConI. Rm . A., 
Bldg. 111 MC. (10/2) 

Fall Quarter , Oasis offers the 
lollowing small skill bu ild ing 
groups: 
Reading 
1. M & W l Oam 
2. M & W l1am 
3. M l pm 
Study Skills Note taking 
1. M & W 9am 1. T lOam 
2. W l pm 2. Tl1am 
Groups begin October 1, 1973. 

An Introductory course 
examining the lormai structure 
as well as surface detailing In 
commercial films Irom Keaton 
to Godard, offering a syntactic 
system lor separating the 
various contributions of actor, 
editor , scriptwriter, direcl. 
(The remaining slots that are 
open lor the class have been 
reserved lor Communications 
Program Majors only - there 
are 40 slots.) Weds, 7:00-9:50, 
USB 2722. Contact visual Arts 
Dept. (9/28) 

Don't miss all college night at 
Sea Wortd this Friday night. 
September 28, 7:30-1 a.m. 
Name entertainment, bands, 
and dancing, tickets on sale at 
Urey Hall and at the 
Recreation department at the 
Gym. (9/28) 

This course will Investigate the 
products of mass 
communications and popular 
culture. II will look at how 
media massage and cultures 
co-opt via popular art , 
commerce, reppresslon and 
rebellion as evidenced In such 
sources as Mcluhan and 
Disney as diverse as televised 
professional football , urban 
blues, music and comic book 
hereos, Tues .. Thurs. 4-6 p.m. 
Rm 2150 20 Muis. (9/28) 

The Interdisciplinary Sequence 
in Black Studies was highly 
successlul last year, and again 
we will be offer ing in Fa. 1173 
Introduction to Black Mualc 
125. The course will be an 
examination 01 Black Music 
from a h is tor ical and 
sociolog ica l pers pective , 
beginning with iI's Alrican 
roots and continu ing to the 
presenl. The student will be 
able to d iscu ss mu sical 
c ont ri but ion s of Black 
Americans based on his abil ity 
to identi fy people, diSCUSS 
musical styles and events and 
to relate these factors to the 
Lile of the Times. (9/28 ) 

~--~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~entsforourselves~ 
services 

UCSD afilliated preschoolers 
(2 yr . 9 mo. - 5 yr ) welcome 
to morning or afternoon 
sessions at Mesa Nursery 
School . 3875 Miramar St , SO 
Call 453-0321 . (9/28) 

Auto Repa ir. Welding, Engine 
Rebuilding low Rates. loren 
Tell , leave Msg . at 453 ED NA 
(10/2) 

I tutor math , philosophy. 
$3 .00/hr Bill , 283-1452 . 
(1 0 /2) 

Exper. IIbrartan tnter. in 
bibliographical or related work 
for scholar . 459-8029 (9/28) 

wanted 

Room 'I board plus salary in 
exchange for part time baby 
si tting , light houskeeping , bit of 
office work . Prtvacy 1I plenty 
01 time. On Naulilus In la Jolla 
Call Cynth ia 454-2080. (10/2) 

NEEDED. USE OR CHEAP 
PURCH. OF M I MEOGRAPH 
MACH. FOR UCSD'S ONLY 
U N DERGROUND NE WS . 
- JOE MUIR APTS L1 (9/28) 

Need onf book and study 
lessons fer Reynolds' Psych . 
16 course Contact Jay. Argo 
506 (9/28 

BOOKS WANTED : lehnenger, 
Genetics and I Chem 273-
7286 

Students who took O. Chem. 
lab. last year, please bring to 
Revelle Coil. Book Co-op, 
Blake Hall for resale, Intro to 
Mod_ Exper. O. Chem. et. a. 
(9/28) 

Need: ChurChill , Complex Vari-
ables and Applications . 
Analytical Mechanics . 
Foundations 01 Electro-
magnetic Theory. Ian Argo 541 
(10/2) 

lACR O SSE PLAYERS 
interested in lorming a San 
Diego team , call Jack or Jim at 
436-0709, nights (10/2) 

personal 

SUSAN HOWARD - who 
worked as a secretary lor the 
lobby Annex las year , please 
call Stephanie at X2943, or 
leave message at X271 1, il you 
are Interested in the position 
for thiS year . We 'd like to have 
you . (9 /28 ) 

Will Denny Martin, organizer 01 
S,slers Share a Ride, contact 
T. O'Neil 01 the Trtton Times at 
ext. 1016 or 452-0180 as soon 
as possible. Thanks! (9 /28 ) 

Students in National City-Chula 
Vista who can share a rtde , 
please call Stephanie Harris at 
474-1760 . (10/2) 

, KWOTES 
Continue d from page6 
those of the mind, for they esteem them most 
highly, th inking they arise from the exercise of 
the virtue~ and from the consciousness of a good 
life, Among bodily pleasures they give first place 
to health , They hold that the pleasure of eating 
and drinking and all other delights of the body 
are desirable only as they maintain health _ Th y 
ar not d lightful in th ms Iv s, but only as they 
re ist the encroa hm nts of sickn s, A wise man 
think it b tt r to ward off sicknes than to seek 
m di in ,and to over om troubl s rather than 
Page 16, Triton Times September 28, 1973 

for sale 
For Sale: 1970 Suzuki 250 
streelblke. Excellent condition. 
Make offer . 755-3363 eves . 

For sale: King size water bed 
With lap seams, plus liner and 
antiqued wood en frame . 
Cheap. 755-3363. (9/28) 

1965 FORD WAGON , runs 
perlect, very low milage. Auto 
trans. recently overhauled. 
Make offer. Call 453-9272(9/28 ) 

DESK: std . o ff ice, metal, 1 side 
drawer missing, $20. Fred, 
755-8913 or xl 066. (9 / 28 ) 

THE BOOKS YOU'VE ALWAYS 
W A N TE D AR E BA C K /-
SLASHED PR ICESI SElECT 
FROM 6 5 TITlES/GRED-
MUIR APT. 08 (9 /28 ) 

SU RFBOARD FOR SALE : 6'7" 
swallowtail 19" wide. Almost 
new, very lasl. $50. 454 -7344 
alter 6 pm. (1 0 /2) 
l OTUS, ELAN Conv., 1966 S2 
Perfect condition. 31 MU Ga. 
$2000 Firm 755-6536 (10/2) 
HONDA 450 very good condo 
12600m. 5spd Irnt disc many 
spare pr ts Bruce 753-0386 
$500/best (10/2) 
HEAD SK itS 208 cm step in 
bindings $65 Muir Apts l - l 
Peter (1 0 /2) 
1971 75/c .c . Norton Comando 
5000 mi .. excellent, $950 436-
0632 (1 0/2) 

Durst J-35 enlarger - excellent 
condition call Kalhy x2576 
alter 5 pm 459-6476 (1 0 / 2 ) 

1962 Mercedes 190. Flxer-
upper needs wprk . $450. 755-
3085 alter 5:30. (10/2) 

68 VOLVO rebuilt engine, 
trans, new U-jolnt. AM -FM 
radio, lots more gang l $1200 
753-0590 (10/2) -

'69 VW BUG, 45,000 mi; clean 
$1,000; CA l l HARRY, EXT. 
1011 or 2189 (9 / 28 ) 

B ic yc le for sale : $ 100 
Bottechla, Camp y equipped 
contact Joe at 270-0768 
(10/ 2 ) 

JVC Ouad Receiver , 4 Spkrs., 
JVC Quad tape deck , and 25 
tapes, most classical. 453-
2368 (1 0/2) 

Single mattress, box spr ing 
and Irame. Call lance at 453-
2000 x1827. (1 0 / 2 ) 

1965 FORD WAGON . Per lect 
condition, very low mileage. 
$500 or best offer . call 453-
9272 (1 0 /2) 

Trailer For Sale or Rent: 
Furnished , Ideal lor one. 
$1000. or $100/ month uti l. 
paid. 755-4546. ( 10/ 2 ) 

THIS CAR RUNS GOOD. I t's a 
62 Ply. Val. slant 6. ONLY $75. 
Call Don at 452-8105, NOW. 
(10/ 2 ) 

NEED piano teacher, popu lar 
music and read ing, Don 583-
0762 (10/2) 

to seek comfort. So it is better to reject these 
pleasures of sense than to be captivated by them. 
If any man thinks he is happy in the midst of 
these pleasures, then he must confess that he 
would be the happiest of men if he should spend 
his whole life in an unending round of hunger, 
thirst, itching, followed by eating, drinking, 
scratching and rubbing_ Who cannot see that 
such a life is not only vile, but miserable? The e 
are the lowest of all pleasures, and th.e least pur , 
for they are always mixed with contrary pains; as 
hunger is tied up with the pleasure of eating, and 
the pain outweighs the pleasure, The pain is not 
only stronger, but lasts longer, for it <;Qm~ 

62 Pontiac leMans conv. Good 
transportation. $100 or offer. 
755-7844 (10 /2) 

BOSE 901 Direcl/Reflecting 
Speaker System w/equal -Izer 
$295. Write John Maxwell 778 
Sapphire SI., SO, 92109 (10/2) 

Oriental rugs lor sale. Moving 
- Need to sell. Call alter '3 pm 
286-3893 (10/2) 

10" 3-way speakers both lor 
$75 call 453-8836 (10/ 2) 

housing 

$55 FEM TO SHARE RM WI TH 
SAME PRI ENT BATH REFIG . 
ACROSS FROM OCEAN . Bl 
BUS 454-1946 (10 / 2) (9/28 ) 

SHARE HOUSE ON MISSION 
BAY own bdm. In 3 br. house. 
Call Mike or Cindie at 488-
7073 (10/2) 

bdrm lurnlshed apts. 
located on beach Iront in 
Mission Beach . $170/mo. Call 
evenings tel : 488-8281 (10/2) 

I need a place to live , 
prelerably in Del Mar, cheap. 
Michele, 755-2280 

CONDOMINEUM FOR RENT 
New 3 bdrm. 1. bath, garg., 
lots 01 storage area, petio, 
pool. $275 1 mo $100 cleaning 
deposit Home: "53:8119 office 
277-1095. (9/28) 

travel 
EUROPEAN charters. Several 
schedules available. Teachers 
Services 4626 Vista long 
Beach 90803 433-1 134. (10/ 9 ) 

Going to Colorado the week ql 
Sept. 24-30. Share gas. Cal' 
Mike at 273-0459 (9 / 28 ) 

CAMPUS TRAVEL SERVICE, 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER, 
MATTHEWS 10 am To noon, 2-
5 pm daily (11 / 30) 

Classified ads in the IT 
are free only to 
registered grads and 
undergrads at th is 
campus. All ads must be 
typed, Due to space 
limitations ads can can 
only be three lines long, 
typed on a thirty-space 
line, Anything longer 
shall be charged ac-
c,ordingly, Deadlines 
are: 9 a.m. Mon. for 
Tues. edition and 6 p_m. 
Wed. for the Fri., 
edition. No phone in ads 
please_ For more info 
call ext. 1017, 

before the pleasure and does not end until the 
pleasure ends along with it. So the Utopians 
think pleasures of this sort are not to be highly 
valued, except in so far as they are necessary to 
life_ Yel they rejoice in them, and gratefully 
recognize the kindness of Mother Nature, who 
lures her children with such blandishments 
toward what is necessary for existence. How 
miserable life would be if daily hunger and thirst 
had to be overcome by bitter potions and drugs, 
as are other ills that afflict us less often I But 
instead, these pleasant and appropriate gifts of 
nature readily sustain the beauty, strength, and 
agiJity of the body. 


