
Volume 18, Number 13 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

Regents Move Unanimously to Get Necessary Funds for ue 
Mark Siegel 

The University of California Board of 
Regents, citing the proposed Federal 
budget for 1973-74 and its dramatic finan-
cia l impact on the University, moved 
unanimously last Friday to establish a 
program to obtain the funds necessary for 
University operation. Action was taken by 
the Regents in their meeting at the L.A. 
Convention Center. 

In the meeting of the Committee on 
Finance Thursday, University President 
Charles Hitch presented a preliminary 
report on the impact of the 1973-74 
Federal budget on the University. "The 
tota l impact on the University of Califor-
nia through the 1974-75 fiscal year will 
approximate $80 million over the next 28 
months." 

President Hitch went on to briefly 
describe 1he hardest hit areas, where 
federal support is heavily counted upon. 

Student Aid 
"The President's budget proposes a 

shift in the basic direction of student 
assistance from categorical aid and loans 
made through the institution to a new 
type of aid, Basic Opportunity Grants, and 
guaranteed loans made through banks." 
!her are serious logistics problems in its 
Implementation. "It will be all but im-
Possible for the administration of the 
BOG program to be developed so that 

checks can be mailed by fall, even if the 
appropriation is adopted immediately." 

Health Sciences 
President Hitch was disheartened to 

find that the deepest cuts of all are in the 
health sciences. "For several years, the 

~eder~1 Governr:nent has been giving us 
incentives to bUild up our enrollments in 
the Health Sciences. Yet in the face of this 
we find that the Federal budget proposes 

redu~tio~s next year - and complete 
termination the year after - of all medical 
and biomedical training grants and 
fellowships. Our medical schools 
probably will lose more than $18 million 
from this phase--out alone." President 
Hitch noted that 1 5% of the Davis 
Veterinary Medicine School and 40% of 
UCSF's School of Nursing cored budgets 
are currently federally funded. 

" Moreover, nothing at all is proposed 
for health sciences facilities construction. 
Since we had planned our construction 
program in anticipation of almost $100 
million Federal dollars over a 3-5 year 
period, we have had to scale down our 
plans considerably, including significant 
cuts in planned enrollment ." 

Research 
There is a slight increa e in funding for 

the National Science Foundation but this 
is intended onlr to keep up with inflation. 
In the Nationa Institute of Health there 
is an overall slight d creas . " In both 
agencies. how ver. there ar two distur-

bing trends which we will have to watch 
carefully: 1) a shift from basic research to 
mission-oriented research; and 2) a shift 
from grants to contracts, that is, toward a 
more controlled, performance-oriented 
approach." Research funding for the 
Atomic Energy Commission has been cut, 
and Pres.ident Hitch feels that several 
hundred employees at the Los Alamos 
and the two Lawrence Laboratories in 
Berkeley and Livermore will have to be 
dropped. 
Graduate Student Support "Last year 
(1971-72), almost 25% (7,241 of 32,000) of 
our graduate students received Federal 
traineeships, scholarships, and grants. The 
total of these awards exceeded $14 
million. For the next fiscal year, no new 
grants are proposed." 

Public Health 
The two UC Schools of Public Health, at 

Berkeley and Los Angeles, face the loss of 
fed ral funds that cover 30% of their 
operating budgets. "The effect on Public 
Health, as on Nursing, appears di -
astrou ." 

AJ!lriculture 
Th Federal proposals for drastically 

cutting back agriculture funding would 
result in a 10 s of over $550,000 in th UC 
Divi ion of Agricultural i nces. 

In clo ing, Presid nt Hitch stat ' d he 
would do his best to get "r medial action 
from Congr and the Admin! tration, 
particularly in th tangled fi Id of stud nt 

financial aid. In addition, I believe, with 
Alan Post, that the State should carefully 
review each of the eliminated or 
decimated programs to see if it qualifies 
for State support. 

" As I have pointed out on many oc-
casions, the State has been getting a great 
bargain because so many of the Univer-
sity's instructional and research programs 
have been funded in whole or in large 
part by the Federal Government. I believe 
that many of those cut out or cut down 
are necessary programs and a bargain for 
the State even if it must provide the 
funds." 

In other action Thursday the Regents 
were presented with the annual report on 
student financial aid. It was not d that th 
Federal Governm nt provides almost 50% 
of the funds for stud I1t financial aid. The 
method of det rmln 'ng financial need 
was reviewed, with mphasi on the 
University's attempt to coli ct all financial 
ne d information at central location to 
fa ilitate the developml'nt of financial aid 
package, and g t thes to the tud nt a 
quickly as po iui . 

In relat d action Pr ident Hitch mad 
a progres report on th d velopm , nf a 
mor quitabl f y t m for Ph.D. 
tud nts wh hav b n admitted to 

ca ndidacy. H now propo a lower f 
for iA- andidacy tud nt which will b 

continued on pag 10 



Coun U Considers 
PllJnishment 
for ' Cheati ng 

uura Scudder 
What happens when a student cheats and is caught? 

Punishment, when given, ranges from a mild repri-
mand to failure in an entire course, at the discretion of 
the professor involved. No campus-wide rules exist. 
The Muir College Council, meeting last Wednesday at 
5 p.m ., was asked to consider the issue of cheating and 
punishments. 
. The first response was a call for uniformity in 
definitions of cheating and in enforcement of 
punishments. The council suggested the formation of 
campus-wide guidelines, printed plainly in the college 
catalogue, so that all involved in an instance of 
cheating can know what exactly to expect. 

The council stressed that the defin itio ns and 
punishments were to be general guidelines, not rules 
strictly enforced in each case, and usually not carried 
throughout a student's recorded history. No attempt 
was made to define cheating or to suggest punishments 
at the meeting. 

A suggestion was made, however, that students who 
plan to turn in one paper for two courses should first 
consult with the professors involved, as some view this 
as cheating. 

The council was also asked to make a recommenda-
tion on the future of "dead" day, the Monday of final's 
week in which no classes are held. The issue arose 
because teachers asked students to conduct a review, 
could not schedule rooms. 

It was feared that students not wish ing to come to 
school would feel psychologically compelled to attend 
review sessions. A suggestion to abolish the study day 
drew protest from students wishing to retain the day to 
mentally prepare for finals or to seek a release from 
intensive study. After lengthy discussion, the council 
members came to the resolution that the day should be 
retained. They encourage reviews on this day, but only 
to review, not to introduce new material. They also 
recommended that the faculty keep prolonged office 
hours on that day for students seeking aid. If many 
students come, the "office" could be moved to 
available classrooms. In order to achieve this, the 
faculty must not be required to attend numerous 
meetings. The recommendations of the council con-
cerning "dead" day and cheati ng will go to the Council 
of Undergraduate Affairs. 

The council also resolved to commission an artist, 
John R. Scotford of Dartmouth College, to design a 
school emblem for Muir . The emblem will be placed 
perhaps at the entrance near building 2A, on signs to 
identify buildings, on stationery, etc. The council 
expressed optim ism in obtaining a design perfectly 
characterizing Muir College. 

Antin Speaks 
Re State of 

Vis Arts Department 
Margot Beyersdorff 

David Antin, Chairman of the Art Department at 
UCSD, describes the future of faculty hiring and 
student recruitment for his department as "standing 
pat with nowhere to go." 

Antin, speaking at the February 8 meeting of UCSD 
Women, stated, " Out of the twelve faculty members in 
the Art Department three are women. There are no 
chicanos nor b llcks in the department." 

Antin says th ~ omission of black artists is a serious 
issue and one :hat is not solved easily. Not only are 
there no new appbintments coming up but UCSD does 
not present an 'Jdvantage for the black artist. And here 
Antin cites the provincialism of the UCSD Art Depart-
ment . How is 'he b!aclt :mi~t or any other artist to 
su rvive? 

The proble n of women artists countrywide is 
reflected in th ~ plight of the women students who 
comprise SO per ent of the Graduate Students in the 
UCSD Art Deo.u ment. According to Antin the future 
of these studer.t in the art world Is disadvantaged by 
the isolation of UCSD from Eastern art locales. 
However, Antin emphasized the problem can not be 
solved through the University but rhough the need for 
more women representation in museums and galleries. 

Another problem facing the graduate student in art is 
d moral ization of attitude. There is no guarantee that a 
MFA will find a serious teaching position in art as UCSD 
do s not seriously prepare its students for the art 

continued on pase 10 

CALPIRG Deals 
With Fraudulent 

Mechanics 
Rick Drom 

Ever have your car fixed and then find that it still will 
not work? Do you think that your auto repair b ills may 
be padded? 

Cal-Pirg (Public Interest Research Group) is now 
working to detect and bring suit to solve these and 
other auto repair problems. This is just one of many 
new Pirg projects in San Diego. 

Cal-Pirg members participating in this program bring 
their auto problems to competent auto mechanics. 
These experts diagnose exactly what is wrong and 
certify what the cost should be. 

The autos are taken to selected mechanics and asked 
to be repaired. After the job is over the car is taken 
back to the experts to judge the quality of work . 

The experts decide if the problem has not been 
adequately fixed or if excess work has been done on 
the car. 

If a discrepancy between what should have been 
done and what was done is large, action is taken . In one 
case already, a simple $15 adjustment job was inflated 
into a bill for over $100. 

Cal-Pirg legal assistants will then take the mechan ic 
and dealership either to small claims or superior court. 
Many times these legal assist,!nts will force the 
mechanic to pay a punitive fine or possibly even lose 
his license. 

In the San Diego area alone, four auto repair 
businesses are already under investigation. Problems 
have ranged all the way from excess labor spent on a 
job to grossly fraudulent service performed on a car. 

Hopefully this Cal-Pirg project will not only force 
some disreputable businesses to close but will also 

. keep honest ones alert. Cal-Pirg cars are in no way 
marked so a mechanic is unable to tell if it is a Pirg 
member's car or not. 

Another Pirg project which has just begun will seek 
to measure traces of lead in the soils and grasses 
around Interstate S. . 

Mike Prisbylla and Kurt Pulliam are working to study, 
"distribution and deposition of auto lead in ~oils and 
grasses around freeways." This study is being done 
here in conjunction with a chemistry department 
independent study under Dr. Kurt Marti. 

Over 100 soil and grass sa mples from both sides of 
the freeway will be taken. These samples will be 
dissolved in acid and then tested with atomic absorp-
tion techniques for traces of lead . 

Their theory is that lead from auto exhaust is carried 
in the air and lands near the freeways . Because lead is a 
poisonous element, this could pose a serious health 
hazard if concentrated by an ecological system. 

Cal-Pirg is helping to finance the laboratory costs of 
this project. In addition, any Cal-Pirg member in-
terested in this study is invited to assist Pulliam and 
Pr isbylla in this study. 

Further information on these projects and all other 
Pirg projects can be found in the Pirg headquarters, the 
Muir fishbowl. The Cal-Pirg extension is 1030. 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

Student Vote:'72 
GrqHkk. 

How did the students cast their votes in the 1972 
elections? Which campuses voted more 'liberally' than 
others, and what factors influenced voter orientation? 
These questions, and many others of the same sort, are 
dealt with in a study prepared for the UC Student 
lobby by Bruce Fuller, Mike Gilson, and linda Bond. 

The study includes an analysis of student voting 
results on all of the University of California campuses, 
12 of 19 campuses of the California State University and 
Colleges system, and a number of private colleges and 
universities. 

In terms of voter turnout, the study revealed that 
"turnout by students was slightly lo~er than the 
general population in terms of percentage of 
registered voters"; however, "in terms of eligible 
voters (California citizens over 18 years of age), student 
turnout had greater percentages than the general 
population statewide." About 80 per cent of eligible 
student voters were registered. Of the registered voters 
on UC campuses about 72.4 per cent actually voted. 
CSUS figures were slightly lower and the percentage 
for private institutions that were studied was a few 
points higher. 

As far as the results of the presidential election are 
concerned, the students voted overwhelmingly in favor 
of George McGovern. The precise margin of difference 
between the number of votes for the two candidates 
differed significantly from campus to campus. On the 
average, University of California campuses voted 77.7 
per cent for McGovern and 21.1 per cent for Nixon. 
The largest degree of support for McGovern was at UC 
S.anta Cruz, which gave McGovern 94.5 per cent of the 
vote, and Nixon 4.0 per cent. McGovern ran weakest at 
UC Davis, getting 66.6 per cent of the vote to Nixon's 
33.4 per cent. UCSD was in between these two ex-
tremes, with 79.5 per cent for McGovern and 19.4 per 
cent for Nixon . UC students did not appear to be 
impressed with either John Schmitz, the American 
Independent Party candidate, or Benjamin Spock, the 
nominee of the Peace and Freedom Party. Schmitz 
received only 0.5 per cent of the UC student vote; 
Spock received 0.8 per cent. 

Students in the CSUC system also favored the 
Democratic presidential candidate, but the margin by 
which he was favored was considerably less. CSUC 
students voted on the average 34.8 per cent for Nixon, 
63.2 per cent for McGovern. Pirvate universities and 
colleges varied greatly, from Stanford (78.7 per cent for 
McGovern) to the University of Southern California 
(58 .8 per cent for McGovern). The study stated that 
"Church affiliated colleges were apparently less sup-
portive of McGovern based upon the student vote at 
the Universities of San Francisco (67.3%) and Santa 
Clara (66.9%)." 

As for congressional, state senate, and assembly 
races, the study revealed that " there was a great deal of 
ticket splitting by student voters ." For example, 
Congressman Pete McClosky, a Republican, received 
69 per cent of the vote of Stanford University students. 
The study mentioned the "tremendous potential of the 
student vote", remarking that in a number of races the 
student vote provided the margin of victory or defeat 
for a particular candidate. The effective method of 
winning over .the student vote is, the study said, "a 
vigorous campaign, which .is taken directly to the 
students, organized primarily by students, and which 
does not take for granted the fact that students will 
automatically vote in a particular manner." 

The study listed a number of factors which affected 
the way students voted . An extremely important factor 
was the " population, size, and density and degree of 
isolation of the student community." Voting is general-
ly more liberal in areas where the student population is 
concentrated or isolated. This provides a partial ex-
planation, the study says, for the relatively liberal 
voting patterns at schools such as UC Santa Cruz and 
UCSD. Dense or isolated student communities give rise 
to "more constant and consistent peer group pressures 
and liberal attitude reinforcement" and this explains 
the liberal voting tendencies in these areas. 

There is also a correlation between the selectivity 
and academic characteristics of the college and the 
proportion of students with liberal political attitudes. 
The more selective a school is, the more liberal those 
attending the school tend to vote. This Is because, the 
study said, selective colleges generally select students 
from "families with income and educational 
backgrounds significantly higher than those of the state 
as a whole"; thus a difference in political attitude and 
voting is to be expected. 

Another factor is the location of the campus. Cam-
puses in large metropolitan areas or near such areas do, 
in general, vote more liberally than campuses which 
are not close to urban areas. The regional location of 
the campus is also important. The study states that 
university and college students in California are In-
fluenced by "attitudinal differences reflected by the 
general population in different areas." Students in 
northern California tend to vote more liberally than 
southern California students. 

A final factor is the family income of the students; 
the study states that there is a correlation between 
family income and the "relative liberal attitudes of 
d ifferent campuses." The study concludes that the 
most Important of the factors which have been men-
tioned are the "environmental! peer group pressures 
within the student community." "The intensity and 
attitudinal complexion of such environmental 
situations", the study says, " most directly affects how 
the students will vote ." 

LOW 
BLOWS 
and 
CHEAP 
SHOTS 

Ed Simons 
Hi there, chess fansl 

Here's your 01' pal , Irving 
Rancidsky with another 
game culled from our files 
here in the chess capital of 
the world: Poole r, Georgia . 
Once again, I must thank 
Mr. Simons for letting me 
use his column space (all 
three miserable column-
inches) so that you. the 
chess fan, can have 
something to read about. 

It is indeed gratifying to 
see the resurgence of in-
terest in chess these days . 
This is due, in no small part, 
to the e fforts of Bobby 
Fischer, who continues to 
bait the Russian Grand-
masters . He lives a cold, 
lonely life because of it. I 
kno w how it is - I've 
baited masters in my time, 
also. 

But on to the gamel 
This game was originally 

played in 1941 , at the Pan-
Aryan Tournament in 
Nu remberg . It is in -
te resting because the loser 
in this game later went on 
to wi n the tournament . 
Kibbutz Goldberg, the man 
in quest ion, was a Jew - a 
rather untimely choice of 
profession in those days. 
When th e authorities 
lound out, the y were 
p, edictably angry. Upon 
heari ng of his imminent 
arrest, Kibbutz went out 
in to the night to make an 
appea l to the local bishop. 
He offered the bishop a 
king's ransom for protec-
tion, but the bishop was 
merely a pawn of the 
authorities and Kibbutz 
soon found himself on the 
wrong end of a .36 caliber 
rook . 
K. Gold- E. Gross 
be rg 5chlupfer 

Gruenfeld Defense 
(1) P-Q4, N-KB3 
(2) P-QB4, P-KN3 
(3) N-QB3, PQ4 
(4) B-B411 

Threatening, in an obli-
que sort of way, nothirtg 
whatsoever. 
(4) ... B-N2 
(5) P-1<3 

The king says, "The hell 
with the pawn. I'm 
castling. " 
(5) ... 0 -0 

The pawn eats. Steel. 
(6) PxP 

The knight becomes in-
censed. "You can't do that 
to my second cousin, twice 
removedl" 
(6) ... NxP 

The opposing knight 
rather frowns on such a 
display of vengeance. So 
he takes the knight and 
avenges the pawn. 
(7) NxN 

Her sensibilities out-
raged, the black queen 
persuades the white knight 
to leave town before 
sunset. 
(7) ... QxN 

The queen bishop's 
pawn has been buyinlJ In-
dulgences on credit and is 
behind on payments. King 
bishop puts the squeeze on 
him. 
(6) 
(9) 
(10) 

BxP, 
N-K2, 
P-Bl, 

N-B3 
B-N5 

QBxP 

For lack of any better 
alternative, the bishop kills. 
(11) PxB, QxBP 

Now we see the truth : 
The queen is interested in' 
the rook. The rook knows 
the love of the queen is 
disastrous, disguises 
himself as a thinker and 
moves on. 
(12) R-KNI, QxPI 

In blind anger, that. 
(13) B-B4, Q-KS 
(14) B-N2, Q-B4 
(15) Q -Q2 

White is getting ready to 

castle in anticipation of the 
queen's assault. Black will 
have none of it. The queen 
sends bombers to destroy 
the road to safety. 
(15) ... P-1<4 
(16) BxN 

Seeing that h is fellow 
cleric is in danger, king's 
bishop wires the pope, 
who gives the bishop some 
papal bull. The end result, 
as confide ntial sources 
(Jack Wellington) inside 
the Pentagon revealed 
today, was the capture of 
the knight . 
(16) ... KPxB 
(17) B-B3, KR -KI 
(16) K-B2, R-K6 
(19) R-N4 

Here the rook tries to 
catch the attention of the 
queen. He really doesn't 
want to do this, but he's 
under orders and dutifully 
obeys. The queen, for her 
part, will have none of the 
rook. She has her pride. 
(19) ... QR-KI 

She brings in her heavy 
artillery. 
(20) QR-KNI, B-R3 
(21) R-R4, R-Q6 
(22) Q-N4 RxBch 

Of cou rse, this was to be 

expected. 
(23) K- I<I 

Whatever else he may 
be, the kin~ is nobody's 
fool. He heads for the high 
ground. 
(23) ... RxNch 

The black rook takes the 
white knight. The knight 
puts up a valiant struggle, 
though . He succeeds in 
chopping off the rook 's 
tusks; thus de-horning the 
fellow. The rook is angered 
beyond comprehension . 
He retaliates by putting a 
dent in the knight's armor. 
K n i g h t g 0 e s h-o me , 
sniveling. 
(24) KxR, Q -Q6ch 

The queen now begins 
to push herself on the king, 
who is probably a bigger 
queen than anyone (except 
his own queen) imagines . 
The white queen knows 
the truth and refuses to 
have anything to do with 
him. 
(25) 
(26) 

K-KI , 

Why bother? 

R-K6ch 
K-B2! 1 

(26) Q-K7 mate. 
So once agai n the 

aggressor loses. Two weeks 
later, the two parties sign a 

peace treaty. White' s 
stocks reach a new high . 
There is an exchange of 
prisoners, and white agrees 
to defuse the mines in 
bla ck's harbors . Am -
bassadors are excranged. 
Foreign aid is given so that 
the re ar~ no hard feelings 

and so when white wants 
to play again, black will be 
read y. 

What happens next will 
be in my next chess article: 
Pol itical Chess, or, The 
Election Gambit. 

5010ngl 

A Retraction ... 
About ~ week ago, Lincoln roster, proprietor of CarnegIe Pizza 

Hall, informed the Triton Times that he would no longer b 
advertising with us. Last Friday, due to a shortage of news 
editorial and arts copy, I authorized our typesetter to run a free ad 
for Carnegie A·44Q Pizza Hall. Mr. Foster requested that we 
retract that ad . Pursuant to Mr. Foster's request the ad is hereby 
retracted . 

And Other Amusements 
tn the early days of the San Francisco Examiner Arpad Ha raszthy, 

a California Vintner, demanded that Ambrose Bierce, then a 
columnist for the Examiner. retract a part of his column. The 
offending section went like th is : 

The wine of Arpad Haraszthy has a bouquet all its own. It tickl s 
and tit i llates the palate. It gurgles as it slip down the alimentary 
canal. It warms the cockles of the heart, and it burns the sensitive 
lining of the stomach. 

The retraction went like this: 
The wine of Arpad Haraszthy does not have a bouquet all it l 

own. It does not tickle and titillate the pala,e II does not gurgle as 
il slips down th e alimentary canal. It does not warm the cock7es of 
(he heart and i( does not burn the sen itive linings of the 
stomach. 

Michael Greene 

European Delivery Plan. 
f"\C· (Or how to save at least $313.) ~ 

1. Ordering. 
Any authorized dealer can handle an overseas order . 
for you. It Involves only the completion of an order 
fonn, a registration fonn , and a deposit of SIOO. 
When placing an order, ii's better lO IL~ the dealer 
nearest you, because be will be servicing the car when 
youretum. . 

2. When to order. 
It normally takes six to ten wreks'for delivery of your car in 

Eu~ after you've completed the necessary ronns. Deliveries 
in Amsterdam and Gothenburg, which are free of charge. can 
sometimes be made on shorter notice ... even during peak 
season. Changes in your order must be received at least six 
weeks prior to your specified delivery date. Any changes you 
wutlO make after that date will result in a SSO charg('. 

3. trade-ins. 
Your Saab dealer will be happy to take your 
present car as a trade-in on your new Sasb 
to be picked up in Eu~. 

4. Financing. 
Your Sub dealer can work out 
a plan that will suit you. 

5. Insurance. 
Insurantt is required by law throughout Europe in order 

: 

to obtain ~tion. Coverage CIUI be arranged by tlte ractory. 
The Insurantt we recommend is valid all over Eu~ and 
covers third-party lu.biIity, fin, theft and collision with SIOO 
deductible. And the rIItes are reasonable. But whatever you 
dKlde, OM month III5UI'lIJ1ce throuah Sub is compulsory. 

6. Registration. 
The rqistrlltlon of your new Sub 
wiD be arranaed through the factory 
In Sweden .. no additional cost. In most 
ccuntries the registration can be carried 
out In your Ib8aM:e tmd your Sub will 
be ready for you when you arrive. 

7. Free delivery. 
You can arraI1p to pick up your Sub in just about any",*", 
city In Europe. However, if you pick it up In Gochenburg or 
Amsterdam. there are no delivery charges. Rates for other 
European delivery points are avllilable at your dealer's. 

8. Free home shipment. 
Saab .en !he moet innpensln mum shipment rIItes In 
!he 1ndutIry, with frequent dql.rtures from uy major 
Europnn port to any major U.s. port. It you want to ship your 
ar from Sweden, we havt a frer home shipment pIaA. 

-

, • ~fJ O"OO()OO~()O 7 
• • 0 • 0 0 0 0 0 0 <> ~. r 

9. Servicing your Saab. 
Saab has a dealer network throuj!houl E urope. including 
most of Ihe major cilies. so you ' ll never be 100 far from 
help. if) ou need il. Saab also has more Ihan 300 dealers aero 
Ihe l ' .. for complete servirin~ of your Saab. 

10 . . Warranty. 
Your new Sasb will be covered by the traditional "arrant). 
both in Europe and when )OU return. heck " 'ith your local 
dealer. 

11. The $313 Savings. 
Our suggested reUlil price of a Saab 99LEA 4-door delivered in 
the U.S. is $4295' P.O .E. The same car picked up in Gothenburg 
or Amsterdam, and tlten shipped home from Gothenbut~ for 
delivery to any of Sub's regular ports-Of~try, costs only 

S398~'fhco savings: SJIJ. 
This doesn' t count any 

savings you may gel on 
spe<:ial air fares, or any 
savings you may realize 
in avoiding unnecessary 
car rentals. 

12. The Coupon. 
If you'd like additionallnfonnatlon on the aab European 
Delivery Progrllm. just fill out the coupon. Or visit your local 
Sasb dealer to or~r a aab 10 be ~livered in Euro~. 

r----------------------~ 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 
.601 South Hill Street 
Ocelnlide, Ca. 92064 
Pk-ase send me additional information on your 
European Delivery Program. 
Name' ____________________________ ___ 

Addr~.~ ___________________________ __ 

Cily _ ____________ _ 

tatt _____________________ Zip ___ _ 

~----------------------~ 
Tourist Delivery Price 1973 $319500 to $389500 

t t d · t $ ~~!!I!~.o~!~ ., es rl ve a : ·':.,"o"T':::" aulhorized BMW and SAAB Oea~r. VI,1t our ... ~~." 
WOA. ' Sale, nd Service facilities at 

101 IoutII ... ,,~ OCUNlIOl, CAlif'. taII4 
"'-: (714) 712"'''4 

Complete Foreign Car Aepalr Service, 

Page 3 Tuesday, February 20, 1973 Triton Times 



'HOW MUCH WILL YOU GIVE ME FOR THAT? IT'S CALLED A DOLLAR, AND IT'S NOT WORTH 
A DAMN THING BACK HOME?' 

Judaism's Answer 

Christian Evangelism 
David Altshuler, Graduate Student 
Dept. of Political Science 
Calif. State Univ., San Diego 

For two millennia Christian missionaries have been 
dedicated to the proposition that 'until a person is a 
believer in Jesus Christ as Savior,' one cannot be 
"sav~d" 'Jr achieve a salvation in the world to come I 
(R'J ma ns 10 :9-10) . The Christian stress is upon 
r;rofessing the 'correct' faith as opposed to the 
emphasis o n ethical deeds as in Judaic tradition. 

According to Christianity, since Jews reject the New 
Test~ inent "faith," they can never achieve God 's grace 
regardless of whether or not they live ethically in their 
ciealings with their fellow men. 

But why, one may ask, is it more important that Jews, 
rather than other non-Christian groups, are converted 
to Christianity if they have stubbornly demonstrated 
historically their preference for Judiasm? 

The reasons are quite complex and lengthy. Brifely 
put, the whole New Testament ideology is based on the 
Gospel inlerprelations of Old Testament Scripture. I 
underlined the world 'interpretations' to emphasize 
the fact that Jewish scholarship rejects the Gospel 
explanation that Jesus was the Jewish Messiah accor-
ding to Old Testament prophecy. It is an impossible 
task here to even begin to explain the many reasons for 
this Jewish position. 

Hence, for those Christians interested in hearing the 
Jewish viewpoint for a chance, I suggest the following 
excellent sources : Jules Isaac's book, jesus and Israel; 
Joseph Klausner's jesus of Nasareth and From jesus 10 
Dau!; Lco Baeck's judaism and Christianity; Samuel 
Sand mel's A jewish Understanding of the New Testa-
ment; or any of the relevant works of George F. Moore, 
David Flussner or Hugh Schon field. 

Judaism, unlike Christianity, does not lay claim to 
possessing the 'correct' faith . Indeed, we Jews do not 
have a direct pipeline to the Creator any more than 
anyone else can justifiably claiml Furthermore, ethical 
deeds rather than faith are the only considerations in 
determining who will achieve salvation (self-
fulfillment) in this world and thereafter. 

According to the Jewish Talmud, "The righteous of 
all peoples have their place assured in the v.orld to 
come." The individual's capacity to be righteous, to " .. 
. do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly . .. " 
(Micah 6:6-8) and to learn to " love him, the foreigner 
(the stranger) as t~yself" (Leviticus 19:34), are the ways, 
the guidepoints, a"1 individual should use to assure that 
his life is on the right track. Having faith is just not 
e nough l 

"It is greater to !erve human life with ethical deeds of 
kindness than to ,J reoccupy oneself with divine com-
munion or faith . Sanctity of life is intrinsic to the 
individual person a rl i~ not a derivative of national 

V.A. Benefits 
Rules on tutori'8 for GI Bill students recently were 

liberalized,makin , it easier for students in need of 
tutoring to qualify . 

Women veterans may now claim their husbands as 
dependents, to qualify for additional GI Bill allowances 
on th same basis as married male veterans. 

Wives and widows going to scholl under VA's 
Dependents' Education Assistance Program now can 
take on-th -job training, attend institutions of higher 
learning in for igIT countries, and take corresponden e 
and high school cours s at VA exp ns . 

For more information, contact Lance Beizer, Assis-
tant D an of Students, in MC 250, or al X 2394. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

origin, religious affiliation, or social status; according to 
the work of every human being doth the Holy Spirit 
rest upon him" (Talmud excerpts). 

Judaic tradition, unlike Christianity, does not en-
courage proselytization. In fact, for a Jew to engage in 
evangelical quests is considered a sinful act. This is 
considered so because Jews believe that proselytization 
violates the integrity of someone else's belief system 
and therefore should not be undertaken. 

When one engages in evangelical acts, one is saying 
to the nonbeliever, "My faith is superior to yours. 
Agree to convert to my creed and you will then be 
saved ." If any Christian still does not feel this is 
arrogance and manifested intolerance of those in-
dividuals which reject Christianity, ask yourself how 
you would feel if I a Jew, bugged you to convert to 
Judaism to save your hide? Would you like this? 
Undoubtedly not. 

Judaism stresses that each person should be en-
couraged to do his own thing in his own un ique and 
personal way in striving toward the goal, which I am 
sure every enlightened person wants regardless of race, 
creed, or nationa lity (Le. a more just, compassionate, 
and peaceful world order) . 

Jewish theology demands that we learn to respect 
and care for our fellowmen, and not just tolerate the 
different beliefs, customs, and values others profess, 
but learn to love and appreciate others for their very 
differences. 

Jewsih tradition claims we can best achieve this goal 
by placing all our efforts on straightening our own 
backyard first. 

Learning to love others for their differences is no 
easy task and the history of the world in the past two 
millenia since the creation of Christianity, the 
professed religion of love, has convinced many people 
to lose hope in the ethical redemptive capacity of 
human kind . 

Judaism proudly rejects the claim by some who feel 
mankind can never overcome our sinful ways and 
achieve ethical fulfillment. Rather, Jewish tradition 
maintains its steadfast optimism that if each person and 
group puts his own house in order and lives by the 
tenehs of justice, righteousness and com passion, that 
there is no reason why mankind cannot spiritually/ 
ethically improve substantially. 

May the day come speedily when all mankind will 
learn to live justly and respect the right of others to 
choose different paths toward peaceful and worthy 
pursuits. 

SUMMER TRAVEL 1873 
European Charter Flights - Youth and Excursion 
Fares - Student Steamship Fares - Eurall and 
BrltRall Passes - Greyhound Amerlpass - Auto 
Rental , Lease and Purchase - Youth HOltel1 -
International Student Identity Cards 
You'll find full Information on these and many other 
dollar-saving travel tips in our new Summer Bulletin 

call or write for free copy 
FARGO TRAVEL SERVICE 

5884 Hardy Avenue. San Diego, 92"5 
TEL; 286-0503 

(adjacent to the San Diego Stare University) 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 
Creationism 
Doesn't Hold 
Water As A 
Scientific 
Theory 
Editor: 

Most of the recent 
arguments about the 
teaching of creationism in 
biology classes - other 
than Hartline's - have mis-
se d th e point badly . 
Everyone recog nizes that 
there are p eopl e who 
believe in creationism . 
There are also people who 
believe in astrology, the 
inherent inferiority of 
blacks, or many other 
things. But none of these 
beliefs is any reason why 
science classes should ex-
amine such theories. The 
only reason we think 
differently about 
creationism is that its ad-
vocates can appeal to the 
principle that governments 
should not discriminate 
against any religion . Even 
this, though, is not an argu-
ment. ~or the only dis-
crimination creationism is 
suffe rin g is general 
recognitio n by scie ntists 
that it doesn't holo water as 
a scientifi c theory - and if 
we are to require that it be 
taught anyway, why don't 
we also have astronomy 
stude nts learn the geocen-
tric theory c.f astronomy, 
and medical students that 
disease is caused by evil 
demons? If government is 
to carryon the business of 

teaching science in the first 
place (which I don't think 
the disputants will want to 
question) then it is not its 
business to portray 
religious ideas as 
something they are not, 
namely scientific 
hypotheses. In fact, any 
theory wnich refers to any 
sort of supernatural being 
whatever is inherently in-
capable of being a scien-
tific hypotnesls. Science, 
after all , seeks to explain 
,natural phenomena by 
reference to other natural 
p h e n 0 men a . U n Ie ss 
religious people are 
prepared to see their God 
treated as a mere 
hypothesis subject to ex-
perimental manipulation 
and even capable of being 
proven by later theory not 
to exist at all , as a natural 
object of finite poten -
tialities capable in principle 
of being fully defined by 
mathematical theories, 
the y should not try to bring 
it into scientifi c debates -
for the two kinds of discus-
sion, of the natural and of 
the supernatural, are im-
miscible. It might be a 
good idea for students to 
be exposed to a critical 
study of the nature of 
scientific knowledge -
which might even satisfy 
the fundamentalists , by 
then pointing out within 
what context one speaks of 
'SCientific truth' and then 
leavi ng them free to 
criticize this by contrast 
with faith . 

William H. Stoddard 

Communications can't be one-sided! There must be 
something that's bothering you nationally, on campus, 
or even in thi s ne wspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETIERS TO THE EDITOR and will prin t as 
many as space permits. Letters should be typed , double-
spaced, with 6O-unit margins, and must be received no 
later than Tuesday for publication on Friday. All con-
tributions MUST include the name and address of the 
writer, although names will be withheld on request. 
Mail to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD, La Jolla, 
92037, or submit in person at the office, NW corner 
Blake Hall. 

triton tiDles 
Editor-in-Chief ••••••••.•.••• Camy Sharick 
City Editor ••.•.•.•••• • ••••• Carrie Rickey 
Managing Editor .••••••.•. David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor •.•. • •••••• Debbie Montgomery 
Business Manager .• ••••.... M ichael Greene 
Editorial Director ••••.. •..•• •• • Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ••• • ..••. •••..•• Tom Lindberg 
Sports Editor . • • . . • • • . . . . . •• Michael Rath 
Photography Editor •••.•..•. •• • • Joe Eastern 
Secretary ••..•. .•••• .•.••• Corinne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor ••••••••••• Kathy Kuenz i 
Associate City Editors ••• .•••• Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr. • • • • • • • • • •• Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial Dir. . ••••••.•• Barbara Randall 
Asst. Sports Editor •••••••••••••• Mark Liska 
The TRITON TIMES Is officially recOlnlzed as II .tudenl 
newspaper by the Communlutlon Board of the Unlver-
sily of California, San Dieso, Building 250, MaHhew. 
Campus, La Jolla, California ')2037. Publlntlon Is twke 
weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Offices are located In 
Room 117, Blake Hall, Revelle CampuL For advertlsln, 
phone 453-8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news 
phone X 1016. 

m ••••••••• ··.··~ 
: PREPARATION FOR SPRINGS : 

• LSAT • • • 
: GRE ATGSB : 
• STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTEn ~ Since 1938 • 
• In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 • 

• • ~ •••••••••.••• ~ 

Virgin Islands 
Teacher 
Requests 
Pen-Pal 
EdHor: 

I am a teacher in the 
Virgin Islands. Although 
we are an American 
posseSSion, I believe the 
distance from San Diego 
warra nts my requesting the 
na me of a person as a pen-
pal so that I may learn 
about you r city and the 
way of life in the west . 

I would prefer to write to 
a girl, approximately 25, 
who wou Id be interested in 
corresponding. 

I hope that you will post 
this letter so that an in-
terested party may res-
pond. 

Thank you! 
Sincerely, 

John Lippert 
P.O. Box 4233 

St. Thomas, U.S. 
Virgin Islands 00801 

Coffee Prices 
Too High! 
Ed itor: 

Another Revelle institu-
tion has fallen b y the 
wayside: coffee . The 
Coffee Hut is now c harging 
10¢ a cup for it, whether it's 
the first cup or a refill, and 
I've finally gotten pissed-
off enought to write a 
letter about it. 

When I started nere at 
UCSD last year, coffee cost 
5¢ for the fi rst cup and 
refi lls were free . Over the 
last fourteen months or so, 
figu ring an average of 
three cu ps of coffee for 
each "cup-purchase", this 
represents a 600% in-
crease. 

(At any "Sambo's", the 
first cup of coffee is 10¢ 
and refills are free: so now, 
the UCS D food services are 
cha rging more for coffee 
than does a restaurantl) 

The high prices for food 
in UCSD establishments 
has long been a recognized 
fact, but this latest move 
puts even coffee beyond 
many student budgets. If 
Mr. Holmes can no longer 
keep even the price of 
coffee in line, pernaps the 
time has come for an ad-
ministration re-evaluation 
of his business abilities. 

Sincerely, 
nmColllnl 

AT THE GLOBE 

~ay'Wll9 
'Youc;\.re 

An imaginative young w il • • 
. ,Ihout telling her husblnd. 
loana I single girl Irland 
lhe use of Ihe aportment for 
romantic encOIIntlrs. A wildly 
funny marltll who·. who ••. 

~ITTlI.S Ttl TIll I I.,. 
"Indo China 
Peace 
Campaign" 
Erronious 
Editor: 

I wish to take issue with 
the article in the T.T. on 
February '16, 1973 by the 
" Indochina Peace Cam-
paign." While the peace 
agreement recognizes the 
eventual n ee d for 
reunification of Vietnam, it 
also explicitly states that 
South Vietnam is tem-
porarily separated and free 
from military aggression 
from the North. In addi-
tion, this article erroneous-
ly insists that the Com-
munists have abided by the 
agreement, while th e 
Thieu government has 
violated it. I ask them, why 
did the Red seize 100 
villages after the cease-fire 
became effective that were 
held by the South Viet-
namesel Anyone with logic 
can figure out that while 
the Communists say they 
will abide by it, they re-
main the most flagrant 
violators. 

Furthermore, as the 
press and other sources 
have verified, it is the Viet 
Cong (who by most es-
ti mates consist of 80% 
North Vietnamese) who 
wish to delay elections. 
President Thieu is anxious 
to hold elections as soon as 
possible - before the Viet 
Cong guerillas and 
propagandists erode the 
st rong support for him that 
now exists. 

The agreement is indeed 
a people's victory - for the 
United States and the peo-
ple of South Vietnam . 

Ron Nachman 

Nachman 
Nauseates 
T. T. Editorial 
Board? 
Editor: 

To those who have been 
sporting "Don't Blame Me 
- I Voted For McGovern " 
bumper stickers, I reassert 
my support for President 
Nixon . As much as it 
nauseates those on the 
Editorial Board of the 
TRITON TIMES that Nixon 
procu red peace (after 

• many predictions of four 
more years of war after an 
"election ploy"), it remains 
a fact. Just think what our 

situation would be in Viet-
nam if McGover n had 
somehow ca ptured the 
Presidency . Far from 
peace , we would be 
witnessing the slaughter of 
South Vietnamese villagers 
from a Northern onslaught. 
Furthermore our heavy 
casualties in that war would 
have been for naugh t. 

Therefore it is my con-
viction that a bumper 
sticker reading " I'm Glad I 
Voted For Nixon" should 
be produced. 

Ron Nachman 

Re: Creation 
Editor: 
Re: Creation 

We know for certain, for 
instance, that for some 
reason, for some time, in 
the beginning, there were 
hot lumps. Cold and lonely 
they whirled noiselessly 
through the black holes of 
space. 

These insignificant lumps 
came together to form the 
first union - our sun, the 
heating system. And about 
this glowing gasbag, 
rotated the earth - a 
catseye among aggies, 
blinking in astonishment 
across the face of time. 
Well, we were covered 
with a molten scum of 
rocks, bobbing on the sur-
face like rats. Later, when 
there was less heat, these 
giant rock groups settled 
down among the lafld 
masses . During this extinct 
time, the earth was like a 
steamroom, and no one, 
even man, could get in . 

However, the oceans 
and se wers were 
simmering with a rich pro-
tein stew, and the moun-
tains moved in to surround 
and protect them - they 
didn ' t know then, but 
living, as we known it, was 
already taken over. 

Animals without 
backbones hid from each 
other - or fell down . 
Clamosaurs and oysterettes 
appeared as appetizers. 

Then came the sponges, 
which sucked up about 10 
per ce:1t of all life. Hun-
dreds of years later, in the 
late devouring period, fish 
became obnoxious . 
Trailerbites, chiggerbites, 
and mosquitoes collided 
aimlessly in the dense gas. 

Finally, tiny edible plants 
sprang up in rows, giving 
rise to generations of in -
secticides and otner small 
dyring creatures . 

Thank you, 
Steven Younl 

171 time. 8 d8,. Smile away to Los Angles, San Francisco. 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burbank. OntariO, and 
Long Beach. And retum. Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our eaay-to-bear, low tare. PIA ..... ,au • 11ft. 

Ed Simmons 
Bigoted 
Editor: 

Narrow-mindedness and 
bigotry undoubtedly 

appear to be the topics of 
Ed Simmons' "Ser-
monette." They also seem 
to be inherent in the 
author 's outlook on 
Christianity. Ed's collection 

of clever, avant-garde 
witicisms has confirmed my 
belief that infant i le 
thought still flourishes on 
the university level. 

D;oIVid Faddis 

WELCOME lACK 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
Fu"y accredited, 2o-~" UNIVER-
SITY OF ARIZONA Guldltlj"l 
SUIII_ School ull.n July 2-Au .... t 
11, llItllfopelllY, Irt, lducatlon, 
folklore, po,rlplll , lI'story, 10'1-
.m .. IIt, 11111111,1 .d "ter ...... 
Tuition SUS; board IIId ro.Il Sl11. 
.rlll: Int,",IUonlt Pro,r.s, Unl-
verstty 01 Arlzonl , Tucson 15721. 

Discover the World on Your 
SEMESTER AT SEA 
Sails each September & February 
Combine accred ited study with 
educational stops in Africa. Aus· 
tralasia and the Orient. Over 7500 
students from 450 campuses have 
already experienced this interna· 
tional program. A wide range of 
financial aid is available. Write 
now for free catalog : 

Box CC40, Orange, Cal. 92666 

ED 
SCHOOL 

AD . ISSION 
PROBlE • Euromed may .rrer RX 
via oversea. training. 

For the .. slon startinl FaU, 1973, the European Medial Students Placement 
Servk:e, Inc. will a"lst qualified American students in pininl admission to rae· 
ocnized ov ....... medical schools. 
And that'. Just the beClnnl",. 
Since the language barrier constitutes the 
preponderate difficulty in succeeding at I 
foreign SChool, the Euromed Pl'08ram Iiso 
includes an intensiye 8·12 _k medical 
and conversational language coursa, man-
datory for Jill .tudents. Flye hours daily. the 
course Is given in the country whera the stu· 
dent will Ittend medicI I school. 

rolled In an American university are eligible 
to participate in the Euromed program. 

Perhlps most important, the Euromed Pro· 
llram helps the student atta in his career 
goal in the medicil profession . 
"I would like to th.nk you for providing me 
with the opportunity to fulfill my goal of 
becomina • doctor . . . I believe that your 
program holds. ,reat deal of hope tor the 
future ... in open;nr doors tor mlny young 
Amerlc.ns . .. Ind in Iiding the U.S. in its 
critical shortage of doctors ... • 
·from. letter trom. Euromed participant 

in addition. the European Medical Students 
Placement Service provides students with 
an 8·12 _k intenslye cultural orienta· 
tion course, with American students now 
studying medicine In that particular country 
servin, .. counselors. We ha\le helped place a number of qualof,ed students Irom the Un ited States in recog· 
Senior or gradult. students currantly en. nized medical schools overseas, 

For application and further information 
phone toll free (800) 645-1234 or write ... 

- - --- - - - - - - - - - - - '- - - a,. - - - - - - - - - __ 
•
• EUROPEAN MEDICAL Students placement service. ~ 

i 3 McKlnle, Avenue, Albertson, N. Y. 11507 HoWE MAILING AOORESS i ~NOOl_____________________ __ ____________________ ___ QllADUATIOII OAT( CITY'--______ -'STAT£ ZIP __ 
---------------------------------

Page 5 Tuesday, February 20, 1973 Triton Times 



arrest growth on the spo .. 

a coffin, ice cream 

KOKOMO 
(home of the brave) 

christmastime in kokomo! 

a diary of the best events of 1962 
a dreamboat 

all the elves have made their rounds; the rich get richer, 
the poor get charity 

cracked dolls picture puzzles with 38 pieces missing etc. 

i'm going to kokomo to become a buckeroo 
how about you? 

I'M LEAVING KOKOMO 
because: 
my magic, it don't get no sanction 

- Melvyn Freilicher 

DIFFERENT WAYS OF "SPENDING" 
YOUR LIFE 

passing time is fine 
creating is even better / being the center of a lot of 

energy is great / energy for what, to what purposeJ 

emanating energy is better than absorbing it / 

creating is better than destroying / destroying is betler 

than neither creating nor destroying / but why, for what 

purposel 

i am an energy machine the sky is yellow the winged bird, 
gossamer wings on a midsummer's night eve cachets 

another way to spend your life is alone 
schizophrenia 
just you and the bugs 

y,0u're not a man yet, bobbY!Jou haven't passed the test; 
If you think the test is too har please be a good boy for 
the rest of your life and you won't have to take it 

different ways of spending 
your time: at work at play 
passing the day biding your 
time achieving producing 
absorbed into the one absorbed 
into the none racism 
sexism the war in vietnam 

"no one way works!" 

the value of being a poet: the value of being a poet is: 
you can say i'm a poet and people think oh wow a poet! 
let's feed him or kill him 

the value of being alive: the value of being alive is: 
you can sal ' i'm alive and people think oh wow! let's feed 
It or kill it -

the value or being dead 
the value of being dead is: 
you can sa;' i'm dead and people think 
oh wow le'~s eat it, or bring it back to life 

"we can never know 
about the things to come 
but we dream .. bout them .. nyway 

(for thomas marshall> 

AND I WONDER IF I'M REALLY WITH YOU NOW ... OR JUST CHASING 
AFTER SOME FINER DAY." 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

Beckmann Graphics 
Max Beckmann Graphics, 94 works from the private collecti 

Jacobson, los Angeles, will be on view at the Fine Arts Gal 0.1 ell;:>. 
Park, February 24 through April 8. This is the first American exhi 
size and caliber by Beckmann, German Expressionist artist. 
organized by Jason Wong, Tucson Art Center. 

Max Beckmann (1884-1950) was a major exponent of the Expressi 
of a chaotic milieu sur.rounding several major wars with 
depression, Beckmann accepted and abandoned a number of a 
Expressionism, Verism, Cubism - ultimately arriving at his 
Man, his situation and state of mind, is the subject of his art. He 
filled with metaphor and moral implication. 

In 1947 the artist arrived in the United States where he lived the 
Twenty-five lucite sculptures by the contemporary sculptor ~ru 

on exhibit at the Fine Arts Gallery. 
Beasley's mastery of a new and exciting sculptural medium, 

plastic, has firmly established the scu lptor's reputation far 
Since 1966, when he created the monumental lucite sculpture, 
Capitol grounds in Sacramento, he has experimented with the 

Beasley has exhibited in New York, Philadelphia, extensively in 
Japan. His work is represented in collections throughout the Un 
having an example in the Musee d 'Art Moderne, Par is. 

The traveling exhibition was organized by the M.H. de Young 
the California Palace of the Legion of Honor. A catalogue 

The Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Satu 
Sunday. Closed Monday. 

--

California Bluegrass 
Bluegrass will once again fill the Revelle Cafeteria this Friday, 

evening of music by California Country. California Country has 
of the most exciting bands on the west coast. Although baSically a 
group is not afraid to dip into authentic country and western 
contemporary music. It has played to audiences as diverse as a 
at the Pasadena Art Museum to the American legion's· dance 
Country also appeared recently on KNBC, lQs Angeles, has 
appearances at Knott's Wagon Camp as the headliners, and were 
Bluegrass Expo in l.A. 

Making up Californi Country are a group of individuals 
raucous music. "Doe" Koon is lead singer and guitar player. 
he was a performer of traditional American music who had 
folk programs, concerts, and festivals . Stan Wirth from Onewa, 
player and baritone in the group. He had played with several 
California Country. Jean Fuller, Gastonia, North Carolina, plays 
She was originally a member of the Pacific Ocean String Band. Gar 
banjO picker and dobro player and is con,idered by some to 
bluegrass musician on the coast. He has won numerous banjo 
of his own. The band won first place at the 1972 San Diego 

Appearing with California Country will be blues singer 
8:30. The performance is free to UCSD students and SUJO for 

or, acryl ic 
Bay Area. 
the State 

material. 
Paris and 
as well as 

Experimental Stump Removal 
Next week the Campus Programming Board and the Drama Department will pre nt 

the Otrabanda Company, a touring experimental theater group offering two perfor-
mances of Stump Removal and an open workshop. 

The Otraband Company was formed on the Caribbean island of Curacao in January 
1971 by Flemish playwright! director Tone Brulin and a group of actors from the United ' 
States. The company, in collaboration with Brulin, evolve their plays fOCUSing on the 
creation of highly visual, physical theater. The starting point is the ensemble of actors 
and their rigorous improvisational and compositional investigations. With the 
playwright/ director these exercises are refined, characters and language emerge, and 
the play finds its structure. 

The group toured widely last year performing "The Kaaka-Makaakoo" which was 
described in the Washington Post as "the voyage of seven people to an island to find 
paradise and their failure to find it . It is not really a play, but a moving collage whose 
components are bodies, movements, sounds, words. a few props, and a mosqui to net. 
There is no linear plot development. Sounds and movement dominate and the line 
between fantasy and reality is not distinguishable. It is a tightly organized three-ring 
ci rcus exploding in many directions." . 

The actors in the Otrallanda Comoany - began their training with Brulin while they 
were students at Antioch College.' Brulin moved to Curacao last fall to establish a 
cultural center, and when this assignment proved to be frustrating he invited his former 
students to join him there in tFie Netherlands Antilles. The group re-Iearned the 
arduous exercises that form the basis of Brulin's training program, a combination of 
yoga and gymnastics and voice production. 

The company is now in full operation, first appearing at the La Mama Theater in New 
York and now touring under the auspices of the Smithsonian Institution Touring 
Performance Service. Stump Removal wil l be performed on Monday, February .26 at 4 
and Tuesday, February 27 at 8 in the UCSD Theater. The open workshop will take place 
on Tuesday, February 27 at 11 in the north balconr of the gym. Tickets for the 
performances are $1 for students and $1 .50 for genera admission and are available at 
the Urey Hal l box office. 

Electron ic Music 
A sampler of recent electronic music com-

posed in the United States and Sweden will be 
presented in the UCSD Music Gallery at 8 
p.m., Thursday, February 22. 

The gallery is located in B.dlg. 408 on the 
MATTHEWS Campus. The tape concert, 
which is free and open to the public, will 
present a wide range of styles and works of 
current interest in the electronic music field . 

The program includes work from Princeton 
University by Richard Meckstroth; from the 
University of Michigan by leslie Bassett, David 
Bate s, George Balch W il lson, Peter 
Klausmeyer, and David Koblitz; from the State 
University of New York at Aibany by Joel 
Chadabe, William Novak, and Peter Doell ; 
and from the Fylkingen Institute, Stockholm, 
Sweden, by Lars Gunar Bodin, Bengt Emil 
Johnson, and Sten Hannson . 

Wonder in Concert 
Stevie Wonder will appear in concert at the 

Community Concourse Golden Hall this 
Saturday, February 24. Also performing and 
opening the show will be a 5an Diego group, 
Mcloud. Tickets are $4.50, $5.00, and $5.50. 
They are available at all Highlander Stores, 
Metro Ticket Agencies and the Civic Theatre 
Box Office (236-6510). Show time is 8:30 p.m . 

Wonder has always been involved in com-
posing his own material, but not until recently 
has he really had that chance. He has worked 
extensively with the Moog synthesizer and this 
has been a radical departure from the familiar 
Motown sound, but he says, "the Moog is a 
way to directly express what comes from your 
mind." His most recent album is .entitled , 
"Talking Book", and his current hit single is 
called, "Superstition." He currently tours with 
a backup of nine musicians 

Blood of the Condor 
Whatever the other side of the story may be, the Bolivian film, " Blood of the Condor" 

which takes as a starting point the forced sterilization of Indian women by U.S. doctors, 
has had a profound effect. The most popular film in the nation's histo ry, "Blood of the 
Condor" implicates the U.S., the Peace Corps and the La Paz government in an affia rof 
genocidal proportions. The following review by Gibril Balde appeared in Africasia. This 
film will be shown twice today at 12:00 Noon in 2100 BSB and at 2:30 in 1449 HL Annex. 

Jorge Sanjines' "The Bood of the Condor" sheds a harsh light on the fate of the 
Indians who constitute an overwhelming majority (65 per cent) of the Bolivian 
population. The Ind ian languages are not taught in the schools nor are they even 
officially recognized - and the Indians themselves remain the object of a violent racism 
on the part of a ruling monied minority which considers itself to be completely " white" 
(whi le, in actuality, it is largely Mestizo) . 

The film achieved notoriety even before it was shown publicly in Bolivia. Its banning 
by government censors set in motion a press campaign and street manifestations of so 
violent a nature that the authorities finally relented and allowed it to be released. Sincce 
its official opening more than 320,000 Bolivians have seen "Blood of the Condor" - a 
record attendance for any film ever shown in that nation. 

With great power, the film shows the premeditated extermination of the Quechua 
Indians by a crew of American doctors who sterilize women members of the tribe when 
they come to a recently set up modern maternity hospital. Gradually the Indians 
themselves realize what is happening. The men of the village, angry and disgusted, 
march upon the hospital; they have decided to castrate the gringos. In the scenes which 
follow, the si lent dignity of the Indians contrasts greatly with the lachrymo ex· 
planations furnished by the American specialists. 

In the end, the Ind ians are made to pay for their defiant gesture with their own 
blood : the leaders of the Quechua commu nity are executed in a ravine. Only one 
young man, Ignazlo, manages to escape. His wife brings him secretly to the city, hoping 
to get medical help for him there. Although Ignazio does die, his brother put on the 
traditional costume of the Quechua peasant once more and returns with his sister-in-
law to the village high in the mountains. The last shot of the film - of weapons raised 
high by dozens of hands - assures us that the struggle will continue. 

Used as carefully and as knowingly as it is in this film, the camera becomes a weapon. 
Admittedly, one film cannot radically change the harsh realities of Bolivian life - but it 
bears witness, at least, to the struggle being waged on many fronts . 

UC TALENT/VARIETY SD SHOW 
AUDITION 

Feb. 27, 7:30 P.M. 
CA TAGORIES: 

MUSICAL - NON MUSICAL 
PRIZES: FIRST SECOND THIRD 

$100 $50 $25 
Auditions Are Open To All 
UCSD Grads & Undergrads 

Call 453-ED NA for an audition time 

"S uperb" 

CEYLON 
NATIONAL 

DANCE COMPANY 
CIVIC THEATRE 

Third & B Street, San Diego 

SUNDAY. "H'gh looping 

New York Tmes 

FEBRUARY 25. 
7:30 P.M. 

A most thrilling 
fJnd fJxcl tmg 
e_peflenc8" 
Wmntp g Tnbul"le 

Tickets: Civic Theatre Box Office 
Admission : $5.50 -$4.50 -$3.50 

M A IL ORDER FORM 
CIVIC THEATRE BOX OFFICE 
Third & B Streets. San Diego 92tOt 
Please send me_ tiCket, 'or Feb 25 
l am enclosing a check or money order for S 

Name .... 

Addresl , .............. ........... _........................... ........ . .. . 

City & Stot. .. . ........................................................... Z'P 
Please Include stamped self· addressed envelope With order 

~o" 
FOR EXAMPLE - I!.ECORDS WHICH LIST fOR ~ 6-9B 
TH~T WE SELL F<lR ~5-50 AI!E NOW ONLy ~"l.{t,. 
RECORDS ~HtCH LIST FOR * 5-9& THAT WE SELL 
FOR H ·95 ARE NOW ~4 . 21 - THOSE PRiCeD 
AT H·50 AR~ NOW ~ 3.B?> - THOSE AT ~ 3.95 
ARE NOW ~ 3.310 - THOSE AT * 2.'~5 ARE ~ 2,.51 

eTc .... · 

NEXT TO~"'ICOR~· 7458l/UOlLABLVO. IO~- 12! 

CAMPUS 
PROGRAM BOARD 

presents 

"BLOOD 
OF 

THE 
CONDOR" 

two showings 
12 Noon - 2100 IS8 

2:30 PM -1449 HL Annex 
FREE 

Pre ented in conjunction with 
"White Roots Of Peace" ~ 

Feb. 20th , 1973 

Page 7 Tuesday, February 20, 1973 Triton Times 



Pictures talk. 
Some little boys don't. 

Some inner-city ghettos have special schools. For little 
boys who don't talk. 

Not mute little boys. But children so withdrawn, so afraid 
of failure, they cannot make the slightest attempt to do any· 
thi ng at which they might fail. 

3umc don't tnlk. Some don't listen. Most don't behave. And 
all of them don't learn. 

One day someone asked us to help. 
Through Kodak, cameras and film were distributed to 

teachers. The teachers gave the cameras to the kids and told 
them to take pictures. 

And then the miracle. Little boys who had never said any-
thing, looked at the pictures and began to talk. They said 
"This is my house." "This is my dog." "This is where I like 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

to h ide." They began to explain, to describe, to communicate. 
And once the channels of communication had been opened, 
they began to learn. 

We're helping the children of the inner-city. And we're 
also helping the adults. We're involved in inner-city job pro-
grams. To train unskilled people in useful jobs. 

What does Kodak stand to gain from this? Well, we're 
showi ng how our products can help a teacher- and maybe 
creating a whole new market. And we're also CUltivating 
young customers who will som eday buy their own camcras 
and film . But more than that, wc're cultivating alert, edu-
cated citizens. Who will someday be responsible for our society. 

After all, our business depends on our society. So we care 
what happens to it. 

Kodak 
More than a business. 

1M Playoffs 

BB Jocks Hang Loose 
UCSD intramura l basket-

ball players may not have 
the classy uniforms (or the 
class, for that matter) of the 
NBA stars; they may not 
command the same sa lary 
as the NBA; in fact, (with 
the possible exception of 
Alan Pesin), they are 
probably not as good as the 
NBA players. Neverthe less, 
the struggle for the playoffs 
and the ho nor, glo ry, fame, 
and all-around ego trip 
that goes with being school 
champs is just about as 
pronounced at UCSD as it 
is in the NBA. Most players 
take their game seriously (if 
you don 't believe it, ask 
our maligned and overly 
ab u se d zebras, who 
probably listen to more 
complaints in one game 
than most people do in 
one yea r). There are a few 
"good-natured" teams, but 
ala-all-i n-all, basketball 
seems to bring out the 
bitch in everybody. Unfor-
tunate, isn' t it, refsl 

Between complaint s, 
however, some good ball 

by Pat Stacy 
does get played; all five 
men's leagues are in a 
scramble for the playoffs. 
The PUMPERS look like the 
o nly "sure" bet for a 
league championship, 
although they sti ll have yet 
to play the unorthodox, yet 
untalented , CH IPS OFF 
THE OLD BLOCK. CH IPS 
might have a chance if the 
Chinese Block of Young 
and Wong can keep the 
ball away from their 
towering, trembling team-
mate Jeff the Wustwoman. 

In the Arroz Can Pallo 
league, head chickens the 
BOMBER S overcame 
PILATE 'S NAIL DRIVERS 
and will have to blow it to 
not make the playoffs. Not 
that Moar, O 'Halloran, 
Spellman and the rest 
aren't capable of a 
collapse, it 's just that the 
rest of the turkeys in the 
league are not about to do 
anyth ing noteworth y 
(especially something as in-
credible as pull ing an upset 
victory). 

And speaking of turkeys, 
we now get to the Harle-
quin Canape and 
Berlinkranzer leagues. The 
Canape league received a 
shocker last Wednesday as 
Jungle Jim Sheffield, Wet 
'n' Wild Willie Young (24 
points) and the rest of the 
DOReS pushed, scraped 
and squeezed their way 

ast EXIT, 50-49. Believe it 
or not, the DORCS will 
actually be league champs 
if they ca n beat cross-town 
rivals YUBA CITY in a 
grudge match where blood 
is su re to be spilled . It's 
rumored that the 
HONKERS are out to "get" 
Willie; in retaliation, it is 
also rumored that Willie 
has promised to "ru n off 
the court as fast' as 
possible." The battle over, 
th e Berlinkra nzer title 
between the FAKES and 
GOOEY SLI ME, will feature 
the matchups of Lennon 
and Carroll VS. DeVinney 
and Robles for the scoring 
title, and, more important-
ly, the match up of Yokota 

Girls Continue Dynasty 
In Volleyball Competition 

Cheryl Elliot 
The underdog UCSD women 's inter-

collegiate volleyball team has won its 
second straight NAIA District III cham-
pionship. The volleyball team, coached 
by Chuck Millenbah, is only in its se-
cond year of existence. 

The Triton girls only lost one league 
ga me all year. This loss was to Gross-
mon t, who the girls defeated later in the 
season in a tournament, to tie for first 
place in the league. 

PE classes and other intercollegiate 
teams just for practice time in the gym. 
The team's hard work paid off when, in 
the championship game against Gross-
mont, they came back from a 3-10 deficit 
to win the game, match, and cham-
pionship. Along with the players' ability, 
Chuck felt that the team's manager, Sue 
Sullivan, was instrumental in the team's 
success. 

This year's team awards have IIOt yet 
been presented, but are officially : Best 
Setter - Sue Papanek, MVP - Elaine 
Simay (2 times), Best Defense - Carol 
Martindale, Best Blocker - Shelley Hill, 
Rookies - Sharon Wood, Brandy Klein . 

In addition to these outstanding girl s, 

and Halfor for the turnover 
title. 

And what abo"t the hot 
shot league - the world 
renowned Gouda Burstl 
Well, we better mention 
editor Rath' s BOTTOMS 
UP victory over the 
NORTH STAR REDS. But as 
for the rest of the teams, 
they'll get their publicity 
later when we start to talk 
about the winners of the 
playoffs. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman. 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across from Sports A rena) 
-EYES EXAMINED -PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sal. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2974 
latest fas/1 i··'f;S 
: I ",':,' " "ames 

In all, the girls played thirteen 
matches and two tournaments including 
the All -Cal at Santa Barbara. With only 
half of the team and without their coach, 
the girls placed third in the All-Cal, and 
were the only team to defeat UCLA. 

Chuck attributes the team's success to 
thei r hard work , and he said UCSD was 
the scrappiest and dingiest team arou nd 
this year. The girls had to compete with 

the team included exchange student ,-----------
Elisiv Rogge (Zipper), Robin Irvin, Ellen 

COM MUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F, Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5;30 

Sat. 9:3085:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

O'Rourke, Linda Maczko, and Laurie 
Dunlap and Karen Pacior. 

ENJOY A KJlYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A _ COIIClpi fOf .. ",.,1111. w .... • .. d on tho 
CeI.r.R ..... 

• SAfETY - M,h 1ft booy, •• , 
• CONVENIENT · Fr.ewl'/ .11 Ih. Wly 
• ICONOMICAl F., bud,., m,n4.d l.m,I, •• 
• ADVENTUROUS hplo'. pn,."" •• "U 

KAYAK RENTAL $150 DAY 
fOf 8".h." Wn" 0' C.II 

KAYAK RIVER CRUISES by LEISURE CRAfT 
17' l fHII SI. y.,. •. An,o •• 85364-(6021 783 8833 

• • 

NOW ... 
BUDWEISER MALT LIQUOR 

~ura m81(es a dille,.cell e 
ANH[US(R·IUS(H. INC • ST . lOUIS 

Page 9 Tuesday, February 20, 1973 Triton Times 



President of the University in developlns 
and Implementing a program to obtain 
the funds necessary for University 
operations in view of both the federal and 

required for 1 efinite period of time or state budget prospects. The members of 
until the deg-ee is attained, whichever is the committee are Regents Carter, 
shorter. The full plan has not yet been Watkins, Canaday, W.F. Smith, Higgs, 
finalized, an President Hitch expects to Reynolds, and Forbes. 
have a detaill'd proposal ready in the fall. In other action the Regents approved 

The overall reaction to the Regents to the Amendments to the Budget for 
the financial status of the University was Capital improvements, which included 
one of being stunned, but determined to upgrading buildings at UCSD to meet 
gain the financial support needed by any various seismic and code requirements. 
means possible. Regent Carter noted, They also approved projects for capital 
"We've got to get the money together to improvements in the Health Sciences, 
support all UC Health Sciences, medicine including additions to University Hospital 
in particular." Regent Forbes recalled that in San Diego, as well as the Clinical 
the Board of Regents responded to a Departments Compensation and Incen-
joint-house resolution to develop the 10- tive Plin for the UCSD School of 
Year Master Plan for Sacramento. "We Medicine. 
must inform Sacramento of the current At the press conference following the 
situation. They should not expect the UC meeting President Hitch expres~ed his 
Regents to be magicians, when it comes op~imism about the outcome of the finan-

cial crises, citing the Regents' unanimous 
support for his approaching the State in 
receiving funds. He expressed his ap-
preciation of this support, and that it is all 
too infrequent. 

President Hitch also noted that the most 
immediate impact is on the students . 
"Student financial aid packages are now 
being prepared for next year. We really 
have no way of telling what's going to 
happen .. We will tell students the facts as 
they now stand. Partial packages can be 
given, as well as realistic guesses on the 
size of the BOG grants. The Federal 
Budget puts heavy emphasis on Federally 
Insured Student Loans. The University has 
received the assurance of cooperation 
from many banks in this manner. My 
advice to students is if you want to be sure 
of receiving adequate funding, you 
should apply now for a Federally Insured 
Student Loan." 

to financial support of the University." ,---------------------------------, 

When asked to comment on the 
philosophy of the Federal Budget now 
that the war is over, and many thought 
that more money would be available for 
domestic programs, Regents Chairman 
refused to comment. 

UCSD Chancellor McElroy expressed 
his confidence in the ability of the 
Regents to lobby for State funds . "We 
must remember that the Governor has 
not supported the University financially to 
any great degree in the past. It will be 
interesting to see how he reacts to this 
financial crisis. I am worried that the 
Regents might try to increase the 
Educational Fees." 

Chancellor McElroy was also concerned 
with the effects of .the federal allocations 
on the Health Sciences. "However, I think 
San Diego will fare pretty well. We have 
strong programs of research using heart 
and cancer research funds . It appears that 
these categories will no be hurt too 
heavily by the cutbacks." 

Regent Coblentz recalled an earlier finan-
cial crisis, when the Regents were effec-
tive " through the implementation of 
political pragmatism. I feel we must act 
through the President - as well as in-
dividually - as a cohesive unit to solve 

FEIFFER 
Dr. McElroy also noted that UCSD has 

joined with the City of San Diego in a 
cooperative development of all of San 
Diego's libraries. This is in part a response 
to the attempt earlier in the year by the 
State Board of Finance to consolidate the 
University's research libraries. this crisis." 

At Friday's meeting the question of how 
to deal with the financial crisis was again 
discussed . Regent Carter informed the 
Regents that he had met Thursday mor-
ning with Mr. Ash of the Office of 
Management of the Budget and Casper 
Winburger. "I am convinced that we are 
not going to receive any money what-

. soever from the Federal Government, 
• beyond what has been proposed in the 
1973-74 Federal budget. This is un-
questionably the greatest crisis the 
Regents will be facing in the immediate 
future. I think we should set up a special 
committee to attack this problem im-
mediately." 

The Regents approved the establish-
ment of a special committee to assist the 

BRAND NAME 
TURNTABLE 

FREE 
With Purchase of Following System 

and AS Card 
SONY STR 6036 Receiver 

Deluxe 2-Way Speaker System 
$329 

La Jolla Music 
1128 W.II t. La Joll. 459-3375 

t;O AS 
r 566' 
IT r 
HAV8'A 
~ANDATf 
FOR 
l£CiAfOj, 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20/ 1973 

RfACHtD 
Hf UP 
H£Rf 
00 Ml{ 
HOO~1i\I~ 
TOP. 

I /.IX)tJ 
1MT 
6l£CTI()J 8l{ TH6 
££CONO 
/,AR££'iJ( 
Pw<ALITY 

I~ THIS 
UArIO~rS 
H/~TORY. 

Regent Wilson Riles, State Superinten-
dent of Public Instruction, expressed his 
concern about the Regents' position of 
struggling with both State and Federal 
cutbacks in support of the University . "It 
appears that the Regents are between a 
corner and a hard rock, and they're not 
sure which way they should move." 

Anti n ... continued from page 2 
world . Currently only one woman out of six formerly 
enrolled in the Graduate Program is working 
professionally. Three of the women dropped out of the 
program. 

Antin says the women students in his department are 
in need of an older woman artist to serve as an image. 
She would have the respect of the students and the 
experience to "tell them of the tough life beyond." 

Antin states it is a mistake for a woman to take a MFA 
and then immediately marry and have children. She 
not only succumbs to isolation but " the possibilities for 
reentering the art scene will not be clear to her as the 
world changes." 

Antin does not believe women artists have to sell in 
order to survive. Salable paintings are the mark of tlie 
amateur. Success for the professional artist has nothing 
to do with s~lIing but with a reputation gained through 
teaching and exhibitions in galleries and museums. To 
this end Antin believes the institution of the women's 
place in art showings is "a profound means to crack the 
establishment scene." 

The Art Department, according to ' Antin, is not 
viewed as indispensable by the University . Antin 
predicts the number of incoming students will be cut as 
there is a lack of faculty members. As it is, the Art 
Department must share its faculty with the University 
Exte nsion . 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to 
• Improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credit Union 
for your 10lln needs ... 
we' ll help you pay not 
over PIlY with the best 
finllncing and terms 
available. 

[]JJ~[§ 

•• Univefllty &. State Employees Credit Union 
5555 Mildred St. 297·1831 

5191 Colle,e Ave. 286-4210 

Go Quilff 
AND 
MEET 
A ' 
FRIEND 

NOW APPEARINO 
DAN MURPHY 

.. 

Prospects in Birth Control Among Human.s. Bitches, Queens 
Tim O'Neil 

Dr. Karl Djerassi, of Stanford University, was a recent 
guest speaker at the Chemistry Colloquium sponsored 
by the Chemistry Department on February 12. Noted 
for his work in Mexico and his numerous publications, 
Dr. Djerassi spoke on the "Prospects in Birth Control 
Among Humans, Bitches, and Queens." 

The words birth control and population explosion 
have become household words within the last 10 years. 
The human race, doubling at its present rate, will be 7 
billion in the year 2050. And with the rate of growth 
doubling itself every 4 to 10 years, it is no wonder why 
this has become such a fast growing concern of the 
world. 

Dr. Djerassi explained that the idea of birth control is 
not being as readily accepted because of social mores 
rather than influences such as the Catholic Church. As 
Djerassi stated, "It is the proud male ego that stands in 
the way, as it was found that just as many Catholic 
Women take the pill as Non-Catholic Women." 
Therefore, for the idea of birth control to become an 

Spring 
Silower 

Book 
Sale 

acceptable thing, we must change our social mores . 
.A po~si~le c~nception in birth control, proposed by 

Dlerassl, IS a pIli for the male which would heighten 
and s~imulat.e intercourse while still making him tem-
porarrly sterr Ie . The development of such a pill for the 
male or female, if all conditions were excellent, would 
take 1() to 12 years, accordinR to the doctor. 

He also mentioned another crisis which we are now 
facing, that of the cat and dog population explosion. 
There are roughly 80 million cats and dogs alone in the 
United States. With their growth rate increasing at 4Yl 
p~r . cent per year, there will be approx imately 200 
m"hon cats and dogs by 1980. The United States is 
definitely the most pet populated country in the world, 
as we have a ratio of 3 humans to 1 pet compared to 
Japan's 10 to 1 ratio . 

Americans seem to be very pet orientated accord ing 
to Djerassi, "as 4.3 billion dollars are spent each year by 
Americans for pet care." This ranges from pet food to 
pet cemeteries and licenses. This amount also increases 
by 15 p~r cent each year. '~ It seems that Americans care 

All Books 
1/2 price 

& 
less 

'~ .. 

Books for people interested in people- ballet-movies-tropical 
fish-art-ships- encyclopedias-erotica-dogs-cats-horses and 
much, much more. 

at the 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

X1360 
8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., Mon.-Fri. Closed Sat. 

more about their pets than they do about themselves", 
said Djerassi, "And this makes the methods of birth 
control for pets as difficult as for humans or even worse 
at times." 

Djera:;si also discussed the feasibility of the presently 
IJroposed methods for birth control amongst cats and 
dogs. Some of the proposed methods follow with their 
discussions. 

A) The control of dog and cat populations by mass 
g~nocide. This concept would be impractical for two 
reasons . One is that we presently destroy 12 per cent of 
the pet population at a cost of 125 million dollars, and 
that we would have to increase this rate to over 20 per 
cent. Secondly, the mores of America would never 
permit a method of this nature. 

B) The control of dog and cat populations by 
sterilization of the females . This is impossible because 
there are just not enough veterinarians to possibly 
catch up to the rising pet population. 

C) The control of dog and cat populations by the 
insertion of contraceptives into dog and cat food . This 
method has been discouraged by the FOC due to the 
fact that roughly 25 per cent of the pet food is 
consumed by the human population of America. 

Dj The control of dog and cat populations by the 
creation of a birth control pill that could be ad-
ministered by the owner of the pet. This seems to have 
the most merit and practicality, but the effectiveness 
would rest on the responsibility of the owners. 

For the last plan to work, it would require that the 
mores of the American pet owner would have to be 
changed. Again, we are back to the same problem 
faced by human birth control. Since Americans are so 
nonchalant with their own population growth, main-
tained Djerassi, why would they be especially con-
cerned with a few dogs and cats? 

New 
Special Student 

Auto Insurance Program 
For 'over five years we have worked with 
th~ auto insurance industry to attempt to 
bring to the college student better cov-
erage at reasonable rates. 

We are happy to announce new dis-
counts never before available to Associa-
ted Students. 

Com~ in or call today for a personal 
quotation on your auto insurance. No 
computer quotations from out of state 
companies. 

Monte R. relley 
Insurance Agen :y 

C.S.I .•. 
• 

5090 College 

(corner College & Montezuma) 
583-9393 

Page 11 Tuesday, February 20/ 1973 Triton Times 



~nnouncements 
en.,. I 

Revelle R 3~ dent Dean's Of-
fice is irole Mewing for the 
Summer Or~ntation Leaderl 
Resident Advisor job. Pick 
up applications at Student 
Employmtnt. (2/20) 
Saturday, Feb. 24, the UCSD 
Recreation Club is spon-
soring a day at the Wild 
Animal Park in San Pasqual. 
Admission, rides and bus 
transportation are being 
made ava ilab le for the 
money saving price of $2.25 
per person . Tickets are 
available in the gym at the 
P.E. Offices. Those In need 
of bus transportation must 
purchase their tickets prior to 
5 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 22. 
The bus leaves the Urey Hall 
Parking Lot at 9 a.m. Satur-
day morning. Further infor-
mation concerning this ac-
tivity may be answered by 
phon ing 453- 2000 , ext . 
2282. (2 /20) 
URGENT MESSAGE from Registrar 
... Continuing Students - If you 
received another student's card 
in your spring registration packet, 
bring it to 211 East, Matthews 
Campus immediately so that we 
can exchange cards before the 
registration rush begins. (2/23) 

UCSD Photographers 
Association: For information 
or purchase of membership 
cards call EDNA at 453-
EDNA or go to the Urey Hall 
Box Office during box office 
hours. (3 /2) 
APIS 293 - Seminar in In-
formation and Computer 
Science, Mon ., Feb. 26, 
1973. Time: 4:00 p.m. Place: 
Rm. 2202, Bldg. 2A, Muir 
Campus. Speaker: Professor 
Norman Anderson , 
Psychology Dept. , UCSD. 
T i tle : Stud i es of 
Psycholog ical Information 
Integration (2/23) 
The Women's Liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1 :30 every day, and 
people are welcome to 
drop by room 4, 250 MC 
(ext. 3006) . Also, WLF has 
potluck dinners on alter-
nate Weds. and Thurs. -

services 
FLUTE LESSONS - Experienced 
Teacher , Ma slers In MU SIC: 
Reasonable 454-6728. 

Expert TYPing, 5 yrs experience on all 
types of papers Fast service E.: ellent 
grammer and spelling 50¢ page 
Cla"emont area. IBM SelectriC. Cell 
Marilyn al 565-7060 (2120) 
Because of over abuse of TRITON 
TRIDENTS 20% sevlngs al Ocean 
Fresh. thiS savings IS no longer oHered 
(2/20) 
Expert sailor Willing 10 !rade Inslrucuon 
In fine points ot sailing for some lime al 
sea Cell Frank al X2117. (2/20) 

" JOBS IN ALASKA " 
available now. This hand-
book covers all fields, 
summer and career oppor-
tunities. Plan YOUR adven-
ture ! $3.00 JlA, Box 1565, 
Anchorage, AK 99510. 
(2127) 
In co m e ta x se r vice. 
Discount tor students, staff 
or faculty 755-8228 ~ft r 2. 
(4/ 13) 

French tutorlr. fOf final e,ams or 
proftclflncy t8' 'S Cell 755-7192 Ask 
for Barbara (; /23) 

TYPIST IBM, E", Mil hesel. """ 
Papers. M,sc O~ PO Cell Bee Lynch. 
753-7356 (3Ir ) 
GERMAN ~n, vage ,"lenS/ve IUIOflng 
by cerltflcatflC Ir!lerpreler IndIVIdual 
lessons Reuo~ab le rates Julie 
Meyer 280-3423 (t )466-2769 (2123) 

J 
Superb I)'pln, 8!1d editing on IBM 
SelectriC II 4u'" e'perlence, besl 
eQUipment RUSSIan also Bruce Con· 
dre . 453·5346 From 75t per page 
(2/ 23) 

travel 
EUROPE. ISRAEL & JAPAN Low coot 
.tud fllgh III year Ski & camp'"g 
too" AIST 1436 S La C'eneoa BI . 
L A Cal 90035 (213) 652-2727 
(1010) 

this week on Wed., Feb. 14, 
5:30 p .m. at the Mesa 
Apartments, 3991-8 . 
(Phone: 453-6786) , All 
women invited, (EI) 
Countryl Bluegrass Concert 
featuring California Country 
(an exc it ing Bluegrass 
group) and David Evans, 
blues singer - will appear at 
a concert in Revelle Cafeteria 
on Friday, February 23rd at 
8:30 P.M. Free to UCSD 
students and $1 .00 for all 
others. (2/23) 

Explore is forming! We are a 
new co-operative for creative 
artists and craftsmen. We 
have our own gallery at 911 
Hornblend and need more 
members . If you are a 
creative person and can 
spend four hours a week 
watching the store, you can 
make money seiling your 
creations with us. Call today. 
272-9300, 295-7014 , 273-
4896, or 454-6988. (2/27 ) 
Saturday, February the 24th 
UCSD is invited to participate 
In the San Diego Wild Animal 
Park 1800-acre wildl i fe 
preserve. The Park includes 
colorful birds, a wide variety 
of animal exhibits, a gonlla 
grotto and rides such as a 5-
mile safari aboard a monorail 
tra in. The Recreationa l 
Events Club is sponsoring 
th is for the low cost of $2.25 
which includes admission, 
rides and transportation to 
San Pasqual. Tickets wil l be 
sold in advance in the P.E. 
office in the gym. Those in 
need of transportation must 
purchase their tickets prior to 
Thursday the 22nd. The bus 
will leave Saturday at 9 a.m. 
from the Urey Hall Parking 
Lot and return by 4 p.m. that 
afternoon. Students, faculty 
and staff are ail invited and 
urged to part ic ipate in 
another recreational event. 
For further information call 
453-2000 ext. 2282. (2/23) 
Interested Pre-Meds to view 
clinical dissections & sur-
gery. Call John Pinto at 453-
5'817 to reg ister name , 
phone number and hours 
available. Program starts in 
two to three weeks. (2/20) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND 
No more club fees l 50 
Departure s, al so NYC, 
Japan &: Australia . Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: ISTC, 
323 N. Beverly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca. 90210, (213) 275-
8180. (5/ 29) 

10lt and found 
Lost: black wallel - .n or near Bldg. 
2A 2402 Tu es a.m Feb 13 
REWAROI 453-58 t8. Ask for John 
(2123) 

LOST pr prescript. glassesl blk. case 
In white van while hitchhlklOg Thurs. 
218, call 488-5485. (2120) 
LOST: A pale blue German book about 
to" x t 2" and box 01 s.mllar color and 
sIZe The box conlsins a lot of small 
photographs $20 rewa rd Fred 
Lonldler Leave message or call Visual 
Arts oHlce. XI995. UCSO (2120) 

LOSI ' Small. gold. haartshaped lockal 
on gold chain Sal . 2110 on the kickball 
Of soccer field. Reward 298-8721 
(2120) 

LOST. A book wrlnen In Spanish In 
Rm. 2722, Friday. Fab. 9 Pleese 
return 10 TRITON TIMES OHice. (2120) 
Lost Fund ot Phys'CS, H. and R Le~ 
In USB 4020. Tues . Feb. 13, t t am 
Relurn 10 Challenger 250 or 453-9034 
(Janef). (2120) 
Losl Blue & White sunglasses, I.>reen 
lenses Needed badly 2113. leave T T 
OHlce (2120) 

Jim Scon M15slng a book? Found In 
HL-1205 Yours for Ihe name, call PaUl 
al 453-4405 (2120) 
LOll LIb , 16 wks . sheggy, very 
frlflndly, no 10 MISSing In Del Mar 
21t2 . $10 Reward 755- 1233 (2120) 

houllng 
Roornrnele wanled Old I ione hOu In 
EnclOlla Near beach. tOfa. $92 SO 
III Uilil gal no 753-5210 (2123) 
Roomma a needed, shara 3 bdrm 
haute In La JOlla With 2 olher girts 
$90lmo 459-4768 e (2123) 

tue8d.y 
Chess Club meets today , 
Tuesday, at 7:30 p.m. in the 
North Dining hall. (2/20) 
Meeting of All Third World 
Pre - Med Women , every 
Tuesday, 4:00 Muir 2D, 6th 
floor. If can't make it at that 
time call Ext. 2715. (2/20) 
··UCSD Astronomers·· -
We will show color slides of 
the stars at our meeting 
tonight at 7:30 in HL 1148. 
All are welcome. (2/20) 
Speaker : Dr. Curtis W . 
Parkin, The University of 
Santa Clara. Subject: Internal 
Properties of the Moon from 
Field Measurements. Time: 3 
p .m. Place: Roor,l 2250, 
Applied Physics and Math 
Building, Muir. (2/20) 
··UCSD Astronomers·· All 
are inVited to our meeting 
next Tuesday night (Feb. 20) 
at 7:30 in HL 1148. We will 
show color sl ides of the stars 
taken by amateurs through 
their telescopes, and we wil l 
discuss future star parties. 
(2/ 20) 
Those unable to attend 
Thursday , February 15 
meeting for C.1. 20 - The 
Wilderness - should sign up 
at C.1. office (room 2105, 2D) 
Tuesday or Wednesday , 
Feb. 20 & 21 . (2/20) 
Look for the results of CAL-
PIRGs cOllnty wide Retai l 
Price Comparison in your 
local media this Tues. (2-20) 
& Weds. (2/21) . Results will 
be made available at a press 
conference Tues. morning to 
representatives of local T.V., 
rad io & newspapers. See 
and hear about it on the air, 
and read about it in your 
papers. (2/20) 
"The White Roots of Peace", 
a North American Indian 
communications group, will 
be on campus all day Feb. 
20th to share and participate 
in their culture with you . Ac-
tivities wil l include an all-day 
exhibit of crafts, photos, and 
books; and at 8:00 p.m. in 
the g;/m there will be an 

~ 

2 Housemates needed; (emale or male 
(females preferred) . In Del Mar. 
$65/ mo. each. 755-7871. (2123) 

Very Ig room 10 share. Ul.ls pd .• f.ne 
home. near beach Del M Ir Call 
Steve 755-8464 (2120) 

Female roommale. 21 & respon. Own 
room, turn. $11 2 SO. S B. Cell Barb, 
755-6536 or 755-0458. (2120) 

WANTED Female grad/senior 10 share 
l.J. ocean view alp. Own room . 
$81 /molwlulll. 459-8482. (2120) 
2 girls who can't make il home need 
MUIr apl. for quar. break. Tidy. respon-
sible. 453-4968. (2/20) 
Share house Your own room $70 La 
Jolla. 454 -2748. (2/20) 
2 girls need roommate to 
share a 3 bdrm., 1 bath 
Pacific Beach house (Crown 
Point) to sta rt renting as of 
March 1, 1973. Pet OK. 272-
7504 (rent S95/monthl. 
(2123) 

perlonall 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY: Many happy 
returns. il was a wonderfUl weekend . 
Me (2120) 

Happy Birthday Baba Ogln (2120) 
Primal Therapy. Yoo've read the book 
Interested? Celllwnta Mike McLane. 
4651 Castle Crest Or LA 90041 (313) 

wanted 
Grouches 0< ChlCOtl needed fo< Talent 
Show skll Ken, 453-2209 or Mike , 
453-8346 (2123) 
Fri ndly dog needs e good home. Or 
ha Will be put In pound. 755-9252 
(2/23) 

Wanted Am looking fo< a portable 
cassette record r Ed Teyssl r. 454-
0888 (2/ 23) 

Wanled Information on lhe Un.v of 
Maine zoology depl P a. call 453-
7678 (2/ 23) 

Wan od Obi matuesa & bed AIIO 
swag lamp Cell Dan after 5 p m at 
755-e.39 (2123) 

Page 12 Triton Times Tuesday, February 20, 1973 

Indian film series (1 hr.) as 
well as a ceremonial event in 
which the audience may par-
ticipate. Admission is frea. 
(2/20) 
"Biood of the Condor", a 
Bolivian film, takes as its star-
ting point the forced steriliza-
tion of Indian women by U.S. 
doctors. The most popular 
film in the nation's history, 
Blood of the Condor im-
plicates the Peace Corps and 
the La Paz government in an 
affair of genocidal propor-
tions . Whatever the other 
side of the story may be, this 
is a truly significant film in Its 
treatment of the conditions of 
Indian peoples in Bolivia. 
(2/20) 
Want $1oo.00? Do you have 
talent? The UCSD Program 
Board announces open 
auditions for the UCSD 
Talentl Variety Show to be 
produced in conjunction 
with the Revelle Res. Hall 
Board and under the direc-
tion of Bennett McClellan, 
Audi tions for the Apr. 14 
show wil/ be held on Tues., 
Feb. 27 at 7:30 pm in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. Prizes for 
those selected to compete 
in the show will be First-
S100.00, Second-S50.00, 
Third-$25 .00 for each 
category. Contact EDNA for 
audition info. for the Feb. 
27 auditions. Auditions 
open to both grad. and 
undergrad. (2127) 

wednesday 
Wed . 7-9 p.m. Graduate Stu-
dent Council Meeting , Com-
mons Room , Coast 
Apartments . All graduate 
students are invited to attend.' 
(2/20) 
Wed . 8-10 a.m. Committee 
of Graduate Women, 
Conference Room B, 106 
Matthews Campus. (2/20) 
COMMUNICATiONS 
MAJORS - This is an invita-
tion to come to an informal 
gather ing for all Com-
mun i cations Majors 
(especially Third College 
students) on Wednesday, 
Feb. 21 , at 4 p.m. in the 

newly furnished com-
munications office, Bldg. 
411 , MC. Please try to attend 
because there are important 
topics to discuss. Faculty 
recruitment for the Com-
munications program is at a 
crucial stage and student 
support is needed for the 
further development of the 
program. (2/20) 
COMMUNICATIONS 
MAJORS - The Com-
munications Committee 
meets every Wednesday 
morning at 9:00 in Room 17 
in the Third College Provost 
office. These meetings are 
open to all Interested com-
munications students. It 
would be to your advantage 
to come and check out what 
Is going on. (2/20) 
On Wednesday , at 7:30 
p.m., Inter Varsity Christian 
Fellowship will meet in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Larry Lynn will lead a discus-
sion on Jezebel. All are 
welcomed to a t ime fo 
fellowship , sing ing and 
studying in the Word of God. 
(2/20) 
NOTICE - All discounts, 
etc . in THE TRITON 
TRIDENT will expire on Feb. 
28, 1973. (2/27) 
Feb. 21 - " Nigena: One 
Nigeri a" documents the 
history of the 1967-70 Civil 
War. The film reveals that the 
reason for Biafran secession 
was really due to the oppor-
tunism of General Ojukwu 
and other leaders linked with 
Western economic inlerests, 
to control oil in Blafra at the 
expense of the people. 201 
M.C., 7:00 p.m. (2/20) 

thursday 
HOEDOWN under new 
management. English & 
American Squares & Con-
tras. 8 p.m., N. Balcony of 
Gym. Musicians wanted!! ! 
Call Bruce Hamilton , Ext. 
3005, or 272-7420. (2/27) 
Attention Sociology Majors 
- Meeting for Interested 
sociology majors on Thurs., 
Feb. 22, 4 p.m., at Muir Apt. 
0 -5. Discussion on next 

quarter's classes. Reading 
lists will be given out and 
questions answered. (2/20) 
Talk : " How to Make a 
Revolution in the U.S." 
Speaker: Dennis Scarla -
'72 Socialist Workers Party 
candidate for the 19th Congo 
District. Past Southern Calif. 
Regional Co-ordinator of the 
Student Mobilization Com-
mittee. Thurs., Feb. 22 at 
7:30 p.m. Humanities Library 
auditorium. Sponsored by: 
Young Socialist Alliance . 
(2/20) 
Germaine Greer and William 
F. Buckley , Jr . debate 
WOMENS LIBERATION, at a 
meeting of UCSD Women, 
Thursday, Feb. 22 at noon in 
the International Center, MC. 
(on tape ... from Cambridge, 
England.) (2/20) 
" Let the main object of this, 
our didactic, be as follows: to ' 
seek and to find a method of 
i nstruction, by which 
teachers may teach less, but 
learners learn more; by 
which schools may be the 
scene of iess noise, aversion, 
and useless labor, but of 
more leisure, enjoyment, and 
social progress." -John 
Amen ius Comenus . The 
Conference for Creative 
Ignorance is coming, we in-
vite you to join us, Thursday, 
22 February. (2/20) 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

Speaker: Fred Thompson, 
Cal i fornia Inst. of 
Technology. Title : Natural 
Language Data Bases. Date: 
Thursday, Feb. 22, 1973. 
Time: 4 p.m. Place: Rm. 
2301, Applied Physics & 
Mathemat ics Bldg ., Mu ir 
Campus. Abstract: Rapidly 
Extensible Languages REL 
and data base management 
systems offering this facility 
will be presented. In par-
ticular, REL-English will be 
discussed in some detail. 
(2/20) 

advertisements for ourselves 
Anyone Interesled In actlOg In a new 
play. call 453-7746 for delail,. (2123) 

Wanled ' Playboy prior 1967. 755-8763 
Glon. (2/20) 

MEN, WOMEN, Work on a 
ship next summer I No ex-
perience required . Ex -
cel/ent pay. Worldwide 
travel. Perfect summer job 
or career. Send S2.00 for 
information. SEA FAX 80x 
2049-BE, Port Angeles , 
Washington 98362. (2120) 

Wanted : PhysiCist with 
background i n circuit 
design and a mature in-
terest in unidentified flying 
objects to work with three 
other Physicists in 
developing UFO detection 
and monitoring equip-
ment. No others need call. 
583-8247. (2127) 

Chi ldren , element~ry 
school age, needed as sub-
jects in psychologica l ex-
periments on simple tasks 
of perception and judg-
ment. $1 per half-hour ses-
sion. Experiments ordinari-
ly to b done in parent's 
house or in mobile 
laboratory. Mail nam sand 
ages to Prof. Norman H. 
Anderson, Ps y hology , 
UCSD; or phone Betty 
Johnson, Ext. 2013. (2120) 

Wenled' Use of mono casette recorder 
for one day I need 10 copy 8 lape Paul 
468-8663 (2120) 
4 cyl Porscha engine complete Of 
parts Tacoma wheett for .arly VW 
but 453· &178 ('~ . . • (2120) 

Wlnt 10 ~t those Inter" led In 
Ch.n... Kung-Fu and I practical 
appllC8ll()(l Eddte 755-3940 (2/ 20) 

Poor people need cheslS. mattresses. 
large desks, pillows. lable 10 furnish 
house. 454-2748. (2120) 

Wantad ' Companion for chlldran 15-
It on Thurs. night and as needed. Call 
277 -4658. (2120) 

for lale 
'62 Studebaker Lark, 70K. Good 
Transportation Car. runs well. Call day 
X-2108 - Harvey. (2/23) 

For sale: TRIO 40-wan RMS .tereo 
receiverl amp. AMI FM. Ex. condo Call 
Dave, 453-9368. (2123) 
Coupon for a U.S. Divers Super Sport 
II 5-zipper dive suh worth $75. Besl 
offer, 7550591 . Roy. (2123) 
For sale: Conn trombone, exe. condo 
Rose gOld bell wlcase. $60.00. 453-
5363. (2/23) 
FOf sale: '63 Karmann Ghla. primo new 
paint, 223-B987 Of 453-5363. (2123) 
FOf sale: '69 Ply. Valiant. Standard shl~ 
- axc. cond .f $800 0< best oHer. 755-
1040. (2123) 
Peugeot 10-speed for sale, $ 105.00; 
superb cond ., used 3 mo.s. forced 10 
sell. Cell 453-2000 X-2943 or 755-
7535 (eves.) and Iv. name & no. for 
Sue A. (2/23) 

'87 Ford l'J T PU, carpaled. wi camper 
shell, nhch. Great condo $1395 or ? 
Oen 453-5817. (2/23) -
18-ft. Terry Travel Trailer. Gorgeous 
Inierlo<. musl see. $995 or best offer. 
453-5817. Dan. (2123) 
OWN POOl - the lovable allver 
Ch inchill a. Haa hi. own cage , 
shaving • • and 8 year lupply of food. 
You IIkel Mac Wong. 453-6346 $25. 
(2123) 
Free SO% Siamese Female Kitten, 
1001<1 100% S,amete. 7 wka Old. Call 
SU', X 2226, 755-4787 (2/23) 

70' Ski BooIs Slz 9 $30, Art Tlddent 
458 Meleor 453-6902. (2120) 
10- P bike won in raHle, don~ need 
tHO $98 vllue, maka Offer Nick 453-
9193 (2120) 
'64 VW Bug, New I,," & brakn, body 
good cond . needl valve job-S17S 
277-7tI0 (eve wkend) (2120) 

GUITAR for sale. $30. Call Vic Ext 
1485. (2/20) 
For Sale: Admiral stereo wilh portable 
lurnlable and speakers Cell Jan a1453-
9048. (2120) 

For Sala: '66 Chev., V-8. stick, alc. 
$550. Leave message and number 
Xl015. (2120) 
For Slle: Hann_y gun 7'5" 18 114" 
wlda, axcallent condition. $55.00, 224-
1462. (2120) 
For Sale Greeo fish kneeboard 4'10" 
dual concave speedmachlne call Tom 
222-0806. (2120) 
BOSE 901 DlrecVRefleetlng Speaker 
Syslem. Sacrltlce $230, 565-2781. 
(2120) 

00 .. anyone want 10 buy a 
Psychology Study Guide? Discount 
Price Conlact Leah Tucker, 453-2525 . . 
(2/ 20) 
'60 ComeI SIn. Wgn. AT. radio-heater. 
good mech. condo MuSI saU $190 Of 
oHer. 453-4768, Dave. (2120) 
1973 PIONEERIGARRARO-200 watt. 
AMIFM, complete. New over $500 
want $350. Wayne 755-8763. (2120) 
Ughl duty Oxy-aol welder. wllanka. 
hardly used $ISO 0< basi offer. 453-
3900. (2120) 
A few 8-T lapel for sala. Call Marco 
453-2286. (2120) 
FOR SALE: '58 Ford l'I T. PU '63-352 
engine-runs fine, auto. Teddl or DIon-
274-4534 CLASSICI (2120) 
FOR SALE; '56 Ford l'J T. PU 
eulomatJc on floor, '63 352 engine runa 
fine .(2120) 
Need a Cer or two? Buy two Plymouth 
Vallanill. S 100 or bnt oHer Phone 
Don 81453-3519. (2120) 
'66 Plymoulh 2 door V8 Auto S525 
Engine & Rear Ixle reed. a. nee. New 
Brakel. Reliable. Ph. 454-S039. (2120) 
BOSE SO l weake", $95 each. Call 
Chuck. 755-6520 Del Mar (2120) 
1967 Pontiac LeMlna convert 314 
cern. HOlly 760, B&M racing Irani 
$850 , (;jndy 453-8131 (2120) 
Need to .. II uPflght piano, S2OO, 453-
~717 (2120) 


