
Volume 19, Number 8 Un iversity of California, San Diego Friday, April 27, 1973 

Academic Action? Ask CROB · 
Lee Burke 

How are the General Education re-
quiremE'nts at Muir College devised? Is 
it possible to have them 'waived? What 
standards are used in evaluating courses 
and approving them? 

Dougla s Smith , Muir as si stant 
professor of biology, and chairman of 
the Curriculum Review and Develop-
ment Board, answered some questions 
about the evolution of gen ral educa-
tion requirements at Muir Coll ege. 
Professor Smith has been chairman of 
the Curriculum Review and Develop-
ment Board sin ce its inception in 
January of last year. 

Created to Set Requirements 

"Sick Girl" . • color IllIIotra,~ by EdWlnl M.IC~. lion dllpl.y .t the UCSD Art Gallery with 47 other 
Impressionllt worklll'lII or lo.ned to UCSD by .n .nonJllul donor. G.llery is on the Revelle Campus 
in the HUM.nltln -Library Building .nd the exhibit will run through M.y 16. 

He explained that the CRDB wa s 
created to set the General Education 
requirements; to approve courses to 
satsify these requirements ; and to 
stimulate departments to develop new 
general education sequences. 

The CRDB is a nine member board, 
consisting of five faculty members and 
four student members. Members serve 
for two year terms and are appointed by 
the Faculty Senate and the College 
Cou nci l respectively. Guggenheim Grants at UCSD 

H.nn.h Cohen 
Fellowship awards amounting to $43,-

852,600 were announced by the John 
Guggenheim Memorial Foundat on . 
They will be awarded to 339 scholars, 
SCientist, and artists including eight from 
UC D. 

sity, and New York University tied with 
8, the University of Michigan and the 
University of Wis on in at Madison tied 
with 6 and Princeton University with 5. 
In all, 112 colleg s and universities are 
represented. 

General Ed Requirements 
During the winter and spring quarters 

of last year, the CRDB establ ished the 
G E requirements and approved th E' f i rst 
courses to satisfy them. 

The system they evolved consists of 
two main ategories, each wi th three 
subheadings; (1) So c i al Sc ien ce, 
Mathematical Science, atural Science; 
and (2) Fine Arts, Human ities, l anguage. 
Two sequences are required from each 
of the ma in categories. Experimental 
and Interdisciplinary courses may be 
applied where suitable. 

The grant recipients were chosen by 
the Committee of Selection from among 
2,416 applicants in the Foundation's 
forty-ninth annual competition. 

The Fellowships were awarded on the 
basis of demonstrated accomplishment 
in the past and strong promise for the 
future. 

The great majority of Fellows teach in 
American colleges and universities. The 
leading institutions with regard to 
number of faculty members chosen as 
Fellows are the University of California 
at Berkeley and Stanford University, tied 
with 16, Columbia University with 15, 
th University of California at Los 
Angeles and Yale University with 11, 
Cornell University with 10, the Universi-
ty of Chicago with 9, the University of 
California at San Diego, Harvard Univer-

UCSD's recipients will use their grant 
funds for a variety of pursUits. Dr. 
Maarten J. Chrispeels, associate 
professor of biology will use his grant to 
study the structual and functional 
changes in cells during development. 
Dr. Morris Friedkin, professor of 
biolgoy, will utilize his funds for studies 
in enzymology and cancer 
chemotherapy. Dr. Michael Soule, assis-
tant professor of biology, will use his 
funds for studies in population genetics 
and evolutionary biology. 

New Courses Developed 
In addition, three new courses, 

History 5ABC, literature 3ABC, and APIS 
20 ABC were developed last year as a 
result of the board and the new re-
quirements. last year one sequence, the 
APIS sequence 10, 11, and 12 was re-
jected on the grounds that it was too 
complex klr a student with a non-
science background . 

The funds for Dr . Carl Gibson, 
associate professor of engineering 
physics and oceanography, will be 
utilized by him for both theoretical and 
experimental studies of turbulence. Dr. 
laurence Peterson, professor of physics, Th ere are General Edu cat ion se-quences in 19 disciplines. The impetus 

for each dept. to formulate GE se-Continued on page 10 

I.F. Stone Denounces Power 
Grit Hlckl 

In a lecture last Monday journalist I.F. Stone spoke 
on the subject of the powers of the Presidency. He 
asserted that "the greatest menace to freedom in 
America today is the President and the office of the 
President." He criticized President Nixon for his abuse 
of severa l of the powers which the President exercises. 
pecifica lly, the discussion centered around impound-

ment, executive privelege, emergency and war powers, 
and presid ntial relations with the press. 

~he PreSidency, Stone said, is the most powerful 
office that exi ts in the free world. The President 
combines functions which are not exercised by one 
single individual in other free societies. He is head of 
state, head of government, head of the party in power, 
and commander-i n -chief of the armed forces. These 
powers have, Stone said been exercised for good 
purposes; for example, during the administrations of 
Ja kson, Wilson, and Franklin D. Roosevelt they were 
us d to effect lib ral reforms and broaden the rights of 
the common man. We have t nded to judge these 
pow rs, h said, in terms of the concrete ff cts which 
th y have produced. 

One of the uses of impoundment, according to 
ton , has been to oppose the militaryindustrial com-

pi x. For exampl , President Eisenhower refused to 
sp nd mon y on the Po laris program; Pr id nt 
K. nn dy r fu d funds for a 8-70 program which he 
dl approv d of. Previous to the administration of 

President Nixon the power of impoundment had been 
used only occasionally, involving at most figures in the 
millions of dollars. But Nixon, Stone stated, has im-
pounded "an enormous chunk of the budget," in-
volving many billions of dollars. He has used this 
privelege to "prevent the carrying out of the social 
policies of Congress"; he has refused help to the poor, 
the blind, and minorities in order not to have to level 
heavier taxes on the rich and to maintain a large 
military budget. 

There has also been a "monstrous growth" in the 
area of executive privelege, according to Mr. Stone. 
Th privelege has been used by Nixon, he says as 
"blanket authority" for keeping a great deal of infor-
mation secret; this ha kept Congress, the pr ss and th 
country "from knowning what i going on". Nixon's 
condu t in connection with th Watergat affair is, h 
said, an exampl of this excess. 

In th area of th freedom of the pr s, tone spoke 
of an Hort on the part of Nixon to impo strict 
controls on th press. Sinc , he said, it is difficult to 
"'mak a frontal attack" on th pr s, Nixon has us d 
oth r means. H ha, Ston aid, att mpt d to shut off 
th sou r es of information, to mak it dang rous for 
governm nt offi ials to I ak to the pr . Mr. Nixon ha 
introdu d into Congre s (buried in a 600 pag crim 
reform a t) an offi ial se r ts provision which would 
make it a felony for any governm nt official to divulge 
unauthorized information; it would r quir that a 
p rson who know of anoth r givin out informcition 

quences cour es is two-fold; first , to 
expose students to the department and 
r ruit possible major students; and 
second, to lay claim to extra teaching 
mo nies, due to expand d stude n t 
enrollments in their departments. 

Board is Advisory 
The board fu nctions in an advisory 

pos ition in the formulation of courses. 
The only power they wield is that in-
herent in holding the final say on each 
cou rse. 

The criteria for approval are cours 
objectives and deSign, apparent difficul-
ty of material, and degr of integration 
between the part . The evaluation is 
made based on the information about 
the course provid d by the professor 
and the department chairmen. 

The Criteria for cour e review are 
similar but include student reaction . 
Cou rse eva luations, either as done by 
the Change center, or as done by the 
individual departments, are considered, 
along with student testimony. For the 
most part the board reviews sequences 
on a complaint or petition basi , but in 
the future they expect to b gin a regular 
reasses m nt of all cours ~ eligible for 
the GE r quirements. 

In general , th board controls the GE 
requir ments and their admlni trat ion . 
Petitions for sub titution of courses, and 
qu tions on the acceptability of upper-
divi ion S quenc 5 for GE credit are 
pa sed on by the board . Al though ad -
justments in GE requirements mdY be 
made for transfer stud nts, with respe t 
to previous course work completed 
elsewhere, the requirements will not be 
waived. It is felt that th course choice is 
so broad that it do s not work a hardship 
upon any student to complete the four 
sequences. 

Th is spring quarter the boa rd w ill be 
conSidering several Th ird College se-
quences, as well as new s quences in 
Psychologv, Visual Art s, and Hebran ic 
studi es. Although the board has no t met 
for six weeks, they will be meeting again 
next week, and th ir meeting are open. 
Students with furt her interest in the 
Curricu lum Review Developm nt Board 
can contact the student representatives 
to the board ; Hilary Chittick, Patrick 
l ynch, Ian Boase, and Miryam liberman, 
about any concern they have. 



~ IoSelf-Help ~' Course 
"So You Want to Change" is the title of a 

forthcoming supervised self-help course offered by 
University of California Extension, San Diego. 

Psychiatrist Thomas N. Rusk will lead the four class 
me tings scheduled for Friday evenings a~d Saturdays 
during the day, on the weekends of April 27-28 and 
May 11-12. 

The first session begins at 7 p.m. Friday the 27th in 
Room 2622 of the Undergraduate Science Building on 
the UCSD Revelle Campus. 

A clearer understanding of one's goals, and the 
effecting of life changes necessary to achieve them are 
aims of the cou rse. 

The instructor, who is an associate clinical professor 
of psychiatry at UCSD School of Medicine and medical 
director of the Western Institute of Human Resources 
in San Diego, will open the course wi~h a discus~ion of 
problem identificat ion and goal .settlng, tou~hlng on 
selfishness theory, needs, habItS, fears,crlSes and 
behavior change. 

Resistance to change, decisions involved in change, 
and the role of emotions are other important topics in 
the course. 

Dr. Rusk will also present a plan for evaluation 
personal progress. . . 

The course is open to anyone, with the exception of 
people who are currently receiving counseling or 
psychiatric care. . 

A fee of $35 will be charged for the four meeting 
series. Participants ca n enroll at the auditorium Friday, 
o r telephone the Extension office, 453-2000, extension 
2061, for information about registering in advance. 

Wounded Knee Film 
" The Crises at Wou nded Knee," wh ich was fi lmed in 

Wounded Knee during the last few weeks, will be 
shown at San Diego State University this Fr iday, April 
27. It is sponsored by the Mil i tant Forum, and will be 
shown at 8 p.m. in the Counci l Chambers of Aztec 
Center. 

Black Dog, a member of the Am erican Indian M ove-
ment who re\=ent ly returned from Wounded Knee is 
scheduled to speak fo ll owing the filM 

For further information please con tact the M ilitant 
Forum at 280-1292. 

Craft Center (Again) 
On Sunday, May 6th, the Craft Center will hold its 

first annual batik and tie-dye workshop. This one day 
event will cover the basics of contemporary dyeing 
techniques and expression in material dyes. 

The workshop will be led by Joseph Evilsizer, Presi-
dent of the Fibric Dye Co. San Francisco, 'and will be 
held at the Craft Center May 6th, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
There is a materials fee of $3.50 that covers all dyes and 
tolls and instruction, individuals are asked to bring 
their own t-shirts and/or sheets and/or other items to 
batik and dye. 

The workshop will be limited to 40 people. Pre-
enrollment is necessary . This may be done at the Craft 
Center until May 6th on a first-come first-serve basis; 
fee must be paid at time of enrollment. 

How to Find a Job 
Beginning Thursday, May 3, 1973, a series of three 

workshops on effective job-hunting will be offered 
through Career-Education Planning Services (CEPS) . 
The workshops are designed to provide the graduating 
student who is in the market for a career-type position 
with three vitally important assets to today's job 
hunter : 

1. A positive mental attitude to help overcome the 
"unemployed state of mind." 
2. A clear definition of the job he is seeking. 
3. Preparation for the interview (which includes 
writing and interviewing practice). 

The group will be limited to no more than 15 
students and will meet for three sessions from 3 to 5 
p.m., on Thursdays, in the Revelle College Counseling 
Office, adjacent to the Provost's office. If you are 
interested, please call extension 2401 to get your name 
on the list. If you cannot participate in this group, other 
forms of assistance in career planning and learning job-
seeking techniques are available at CEPS, 6th Floor, 
Bldg. 2D, Muir College. 

V.D·. Course Error 
Correction : The VD Extension Course, described in 

last Tuesday's issue of the Triton Times has a registra-
tion fee of $33 instead of $3, as was printed. 

The TT apologizes for the typing error. 

BioMedical Lecture 
Nobel laureate George Wald, PhD., will deliver the 

final Biomedical Lecture in this year's series at UCSD 
School of Medicine, Wednesday, May 2. 

Credited with being the first to indentify vitamin A in 
the retina of the eye, Dr. Wald will discuss "The 
Molecular Basis of Human Vision" at the 8:30 p.m. 
meeting in the Garren Auditorium of the Basic Science 
Building on the UC San Diego campus. The lecture is 
free and is open to the public. 

According to Dr. Wald, the human eye, for all its 
supposed perfection, exhibits glaring design faults. 
Some of its most striking features represent clumsy 
attempts to compensate for these discrepancies. In his 
lecture he will discuss the mechanisms of color vision, 
congenital color blindness, and color blindness as it 
appears in the normal human retina. 

Dr. Wald completed his graduate work at Columbia 
University, from w hich he received his Ph.D. in 
zoology. He joined the faculty of Harvard Universi ty in 
1934 and currently holds the position of Higgins 
Professor of Biology there. 

In 1939 Dr. Wald received the £Ii lilly Award from the 
American Chemical Society. The American Public 
Health Association in 1953 presented him with their 
Lasker Award for his outstanding biochemical dis-
coveries with special reference to changes associated 
with vision and the function of vitamin A. In 1955 he 
was awarded the Proctor Medal of the Association for 
Research in Ophthalmology, and in 1959 he was given 
the Ives Medal of the Optical Society of America. He 
shared the Nobel Prize with two others in 1967. 

Dr. Wald holds memberships in the National 
Academy of Sciences, American Philosophical Society, 
American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Optical 
Society of America, and the Association for Research in 
Ophthalmology. 

'Parent's Weekend 
Parents Weekend involves informing student's 

paren ts about what college is. For example, it might 
prove to be an advantage to d.rop th~ ~isconcept~on of 
the typical student. (long-haIred hippie?) Here IS th!! 
schedule for the coming program, as planned by 
interested students and Muir Dean Jim Beckly. 
Friday, April 27 . 

9:00 a.m.-5 :00 p.m. - Parents arrival and reception. 
Coffee, tea and donuts served. Tours available. -
Lounge, Muir Apts . 

9:00 a.m. -12 :00 p.m. - Visit classes with students or 
see attached list for other ideas - Provosts Office, 
Alden, Claire, Jane, Maxine 

11 :00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. - Interested parents meet with 
Academic Advisors in Provost's Conference Room -
2148 H&SS 

12:00 p.m.-1 :00 p .m. - No host lunch in Muir 
Commons with faculty, staff and students. - Muir 
Commons 

1:00 p.m.-3:00 p .m. - Open House in Provost's 
offices to meet and talk with Provost, Assistant Provost, 
Dean, Dean, Resident Dean, and other staff members. 
- 2126 H&SS -

conllnued on page 11 

Low Enrollment Fall Short of University Quotas 
lee Burke 

Qu otas for enrollment for the coming year are being 
met by only three ou t o f the nine UC campuses. Next 
year, given past indica tions and estimated applicat ion 
f igures, UCSD will be th e seventh campu s unable to 
meet it quota. 

Th is trend among the UC campuses may be a result 
o f several th ings. A drop in the b irth rate between the 
years 1953-1956, a drop in the number of high schools 
graduates choosing to go to college; e ~the.r one could 
explain the lowered numbers of applications to Uc, 
and in fact to most schools, publ ic and private, across 
the nation. 

The othe" reason for this inability to meet quotas, at 
least withir t e UC syst m; lies w ith the Regents. In 
their pla nning for the system, they project an annual 
innease fflr each campus. For UCSD the avera ge 
increase is of 96% per year. Even if the number o f 
application ' remains constan t, UCSD, o r any other 
ca mpus, mi be falling behind thl:!ir quota. 

In fact, tlli is just what is happening. The number of 
applicatioJ's ~eceived by UCSD has stayed the same fo r 
the past th l ee y ars. Our quota has gon up by 35%. In 
1970 we ace pt d 60% of these students who applied . 
Over thp5I' ears UCSD has b n ace pting a con-
idcrably Ilrs r portion of applicant , and next yea r, 

according [0 registrar Ron Bowker, UC D will be "out 
rpnuiting." 

Oth r U campus s ar experi n ing th sam fa te. 
Riv rsidp has not filled in thp la~t ten years; UCLA 
seldom fills until the summer, if then, and anta 
BMbara has not appro hed quota since th storm at 
Isla Vista two years ago. Berkel y generally fills by 
pring , and for IrVine this will b th first y ar o f 

troubl . 

Pag 2 Triton Tim 5 Friday, April 27, 1973 

Central to this question is the philosophy of higher 
education adopted by the Governor and the Regents. 
Apparently money is allocated solely on the basis of 
number, and a decrease in students will mean a 
decrea se in funds, cost-of-living not Withstanding. In 
addition, the projections for student increased add to 
the appearances of decreaseing enrollment. And the 
governor, justifying (his) budget cutbacks on the ' 
grounds that fewer students are participating in higher 
education, is using this years budget to further butress 
his position . Th is interpretation seems to be current 
among administrators, especially those whose budgets 
have not increased in three years. The governor is 
being construed as saying that if the (UC) system made 
do this year on a fixed sum of money, it can do it again 
on the same amount next year. So, as things now-stand, 
enrollment must go up for funding to go up, and (apart 
from the question of the desirability of more students), 
there are not enough students who wish to enroll at 
this insti tution. 

On the subject of overcrowding there are several 
points of view . One ca mp is adamant about the 
necessi ty to bring down, not build up, enrollment. 
Th y appear to have some solid reasons for thier 
position. 

This year at Muir college, a number of students were 
unabl to fu lfi ll th ir general education requirem nts, 
as several classes were unable to accommodate the 
numb r of students wishing to take them. Next year, 
Muir is a c pt ing ov r 800 students, whil they ar 
prepared for only 575. Besides the obvi ous probl m of 
housing, this wi ll undoubt dly ca us difficulties in 
registra tion and administration, straining th ai r ady 
tenuous faci lities st ill fu rther. 

O n of the ways th e quotas ar d termin d i on th 

basis classroom space. When this campus was built it 
was equipped with numerous small classrooms, many 
of which now stand id le a good part of each day. 
However, when figuring total classroom capacity, these 
small, poorly utilized rooms are figured into ~he total 
available space. This distorts the picture conSiderably, 
as UCSO does not have an ovelwhelmingly large 
number of small classes, nor does it have an adequately 
large lecture hall, with a capacity of 500-600. 

The registrars office considers two other factors as 
having a major impact re the enrollment drop, one of 
these being specific to UCSD. First off, the number of 
'college-age' people, turning away from the University 
system, and opting for job training programs, j~nior 
colleges, travel or whatever, is greater now than It has 
been in t he past. 

In the past ten years college became a 'natural' 
progression between high school and the 'real world', 
for a growing class of Americans. Now, slowly but 
surely, people are evaluating the alternatives, and not 
accepting the 'natural conclusion' of a four year 
college career. For the same reasons the dropout rate 
for colleges and universities has risen considerably . 
Some parties consider this a positive trend leading 
away from mass-produced education . The Governor's 
rea tion however is a pragmatic one. "If there are 
fewer students, the Universities need less money." The 
administrators respons is, typically, " We need more 
money, therefore we must have more students." 

The s ond for is that of student interest, and 
d mands. It i sp culat d that fewer students are 
turning to the sci n e . As with Engin ering five year 
ago; th i n boom may b going bu t. UCSD 
whi ch speciali zes in the Natural Sciences and 

Colltillyeel 011 "I' 11 

Low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 
by Ed Simons 

Perfect 
Posture Pageant 

other persons occuping the room. The majority were 
what could be call d the "upper crust." One or two of 
the ~en w~re d.ressed in tuxedos, though most com-

~romlse with dinner jackets and raucous ties. (I've 
Since come to th conclusion the man . choice of 
necktie is a pretty good indica tion of his personal ity.) 
The women were dressed in dinner wea r, the few anti -
vivisectionists among them . On the whol (and 
elsewhere) the guests were well dressed. 

I had reached this point in my observations when the 
press corps was enlarged by four : Two underground 
papers, and two represent ing the Reader . We ex-
changed names, handshakes, and lies while we waited 
for the floor show to begin. About halfway through the 
~ast segment, the food came, which did much to 
Improve the quality of the lies. We got a little mo re 
loose, though, and soon the truth came out. The two 
guys from the Door attacked captialism on full 
stomach s; a rare Sight, indeed. AI Barret and Ale x 
Farnsley, from the Reader told about the difficulties a 
small paper has. I was surprised when I heard that th e 

In a world filled with death, destruction, ilnd Nixon, a Reader was put together in the bedroom of the 
li ttle irrelevancy does much to put everything in publisher's brother. But they are slowly gaining 
di fferent (if not proper) perspective. ground, I'm happy to report, and the day may soo n 

With not a little trepidation, then, and a fortifying come when the Reader grows to twelve pa ges. 
glass of Outrageously Cold Duck, I made my way to the The two fellows from the Door left after they finished 
Carribbean Room of the EI Cortez Hotel in San Diego dinner and Alex decided to go to the bar. He asked me 
to ogle the talent at the Perfect Posture Pageant. I can't if I wanted anything. I had this tremendous urge to 
say that I attended the pageant out of some misguided " Chateau Rothschild; '44" but I fought it down and 
sense of journalistic duty. Indeed, I won't. If any duty at declined. I wasn't sure if he was treating or not. 
all was honored, it was gastronomical: I was honored, it The jazz band, Appian Way, chose this moment to 
was a free dinner. Now that says something. I'm on the start playing. They were mezzo-decent, thou gh I rea lly 
19-meal plan here. would have preferred acid-rock. The music ran non -

At any rate, I walked in and asked the doorman (who stop for about 20 minutes, the latter part of which bore 
la ter turned out to be a doctor or at' least a chiroprac- witness to a certa in restiveness at the executive tables . 
tor) to direct me to the press table. Instead, he directed And as the waitress took away my coddee while I wasn't 
me to Dr. Martinez who, the man assured me, "knows looking, the band stopped. 
of these things". Surprisingly enough, Dr. Martinez did Dr. Tortora, County Society President, rose from his 
know of these things and in no time at alii was seated .. . seat and mounted the platform, which is dirty if you 

After I had marked my place at the table with a few think about it . (So, as my friend Leo once said, "let 's 
scraps of Bugler Tobacco, I reconnoitered the premises think about it") Dr. Tortu ra introduced Councilman 
with an eye of gathering information. I wasn't disap- Floyd Morrow. Mr. Morrow led the recitation of one of 
pointed. Just from Iboking about and keeping my ears his own compositions, the Pledge of Allegiance. It was 
open I learned quite a bit. a hard act to follow, but the Youth Minister of La Jo lla 

For instance, one entire wall of the room was Presbyterian , Ben Patterson , wa s equal to th e 
occupied by posture posters (say it 3 times, quick!) challenge. He invoked God's blessing on us, which may 
which were made by grade-schoolers in the area. My be an even harder act to follow. 
favorite was one that said, "Good posture does more Joe Stead, the emcee, didn't try. Joe is an agreeable 
than make you feel good. It makes you feel good." It personality who is a film jockey on Channel 39's " Win 
didn't win, but it should've. Dollar Movie." He had a good voice, a pleasing 

I learned that the pageant was sponsored by the San demeanor, and his fly was open . Em-of Cee Stead 
Diego County Chiropractice Society. Well, that made related a few humourous stories and then got on with 
sense. I mean, the Chiropractic Society would seem to the business at hand. (Is that Dirty?) 
be the logical sponsor for a posture exhibition, should Stead called for a fanfare and introduced the girls. In 
the urge to hold one ever strike you . Also, I found out order of their appearance they were 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 
(from the man at table 3) that "Steve is going to 9, 10, 11, and 12. Penny Nicho ls and Adrienne 51. 
An napolis. " I was overjoyed. George, 4 and 10, respect ively, could not make it and 

The ticket said that the rites w ere to begin at 7 were conspicous by their absence. The Tender Ten, _ 
o'clock. In fa ct, they did. At 7 o 'clock the bar opened to how ever, looked very fetching and it wasn't until later 
a se ller 's market of thirsty celebrants hell -bent on that I m issed 4 and 10. Stead introduced each by name 
getting into the proper frame of mind. Th is worried as they came on stage. Each girl walked for the judges 
me. Maybe they knew something I didn' t. and returned to Joe for question ing. He asked two 

The voices of the first thre girls were mu ffled by the 
vo lum of the band which incr ased just .s the girls 
answered. Add this to th fact that the fi rst three all 
worked at the sameplace and you could put tog ther a 
fai r ca e for corporate sabotage. 

The f irst time ou t, the girls wore nothing fancy , just 
ev ryday forma l clothes. Af ter ea h had taker. her turn, 
she went behind the stage and cha nged to a ba thing 
suit to further influence th judges. The judges, by the 
way, r present the fie lds o f public relations, chiroprac-
t ic, modeling, and city counciling. And you know, I've 
just r alized how ba ically related the above really are. 

After the bath ing suit competition, the MC discussed 
an aspect of the contest that we d idn't see: the 
Posturomet r. Why tha t word was chosen is beyond my 
ken . It sounds l ike a mach ine. Actually it is a ser ies of 
tests administered to the gi rls in the chiropractor's 
office. It requires them to assu me various positions 
upon which they are graded. The data is given to the 
judges who add it to the data they themselves have 
gathered. 

Joe Stead now asked the judges if they were 
anywhere near tallyi ng the scores. The judges, unac-
Custom d to dea ling with harsh reality, asked for more 
time. Joe then decided to announce the winners of the 
poster contest. 

I 've told you of my favorit e which (predictably) 
didn' t win . Another one wh ich caught my attention 
was one which had the name " I.F.Stone" emblazoned 
on an ou tl ine of an office building. I still haven't 
figured that one out. 

Af ter the poster winners were announced, Mr. Stead 
fou nd it necessa ry to begin the presentation of the 
door prizes. This, b cause the wretched judges had yet 
to fi nish thei r stuff. 

One of the door prizes was a box of x-ray film, worth 
about sixty of the very best. (What a coincidence I And 
me just ou t of my supply.) Stead mentioned his hope 
that the winner would be a doctor. That said, he drew 
the first ticket and read the number. Silence. He looked 
just a b it dismayed, then picked another one. As he was 
about to read Ihe number, the realization hit him. He 
then read the 'lumber, but whoever held the m2tching 
digits remained unknown. This went on for three more 
draws; then a doctor won the film. I agree with Joe 
Stead. Whoever held the fi rst ticket had class. The other 
ticket holders though, didn't have much choice. If any 

continued on page 11 

Wiffittattntr'Ii 
it.5tuurunt - il'lkait.6al'lt 

iCosl1,r ~tt!ll' unla- j'tnlintt 
6911(1 La J olla Bhd .. La Jolla 459-243:\ 

Open 7 day, a "cck . Mon .·Sat 11 ·11. Sun . 9 JO.IO 

I returned to my table (I say my table, but it wasn 't quest ions: " W ha t is your age and where are you 
re_a_I_ly_.)_O __ n_c_e_t_h_e_re __ 't_u_r_n_e_d_m __ y_a_tt_e_n_t_io_n_t_o_t_h_e_v_a_r_io_u_s ______ e_m_p_'_o_y_e_d_?'_'__________ ,-____________________ ~~~~==~~~~~~~~~~=-~==------------____ _ 

TERRIFIC SALE! TERRIFIC SAIL!! $9022 (Complete boat 
included free 

with every sail purchase) 
l-Iere it i~ ; a genuine 45-s4uare-foOl nylon sailboat ~ail. ~porting 

the label of the world' largcst-. elling bcer! And with it you 
get a completc ea Snark, the world's largest-selling sailboat' 

Right ! FN the reduced pricc of 90.00 (regularly about 
.. $120.00 ), YOli ':.In hoist Ihe K ing's col rs, and ride the wind 

and wave In jour own per onal ailboat. 
The Sed Sna rk i, ,0 ~implc 10 ri g. ~o un inkahl y C.1'y 10 

handle. you'lI h_ under ,ali Ihe vcr) fir'>l day. And thcrc\ room 
aplenty for 1\\0 adult" pili, gear and grub 

and a cooler-full of Budwci,cr~. 
\\ hv let acrc~ and acrc~ of perfectly good wa tcr 

go 10 waste? Send IOdai for your Sca Snark. 
and rai,\! aits with the fun ~ct' 

Sea Snark. Spcl'i fica tions: 
Hull i, one·piece. high·den"l\ l'xpandcd 

pol) ,t) relic. I I-fool o\ cra lllcngth . II IIh 
II ra paround gunnel guard . • Ma, r. 
hoorn ~lnd ~par of lUughe~1 alloy. 
,camle" aluminul11 • II lI(loden 

part, and filling, ha\c duranlc ,par \'a rni,h 
lini'h . • Sea Sn ar" ,ailolll,! l11,tructiull 

1ll.IIlU,,1 included free \\ i lh htl .. 1 
. ...... -.. ----- ---.. -------.. MAI L TO: ---------------- ---------

Snar" Pruuucts. Inc. Dept. C. On R" 'I',iuI' Plata. 'orth I.krgcn. '" J . tl7!l47 
Pic"", ,h,p me, freight prcp.IiJ.___ "c 'on IrI.h) ""Ih R",I"ci\cr lahcl ""I.1l 9(l ~'lch. 

d)II,Ulfll\ 
I ndo-,ed i, my r check monel ord~ 1 IIlI th. 1Il1.11 amounI of $ ____ . ("<C\\ Jcr\c~ 
I C\h.il'nh alill ,1 .. lle '1.11.:", t.l \ ,. • 
NA \111 __________________________________________ _ 

~TRU ;T _________________________________________ __ 

('JT\ ____________________ ·'TA n ; _______ ~7 11. ________ _ 
~Il (h,lrt,:to .' l'(:ount!lr 0.1), nnl('r1 .1rc('vtt .. l, ll nd \\1' ,101101 hIll lu PU\t OJlln' n,t' 
,\\<.'.k. fur c.lc.'!i\t'r)i, Ofrl'r void WhC-fC prntlllllhd hv 1,\\" 

Wh~~·;~~·;~~-B-~d;~-i-~;;::~·~~;;;;~id-it~ii! 
. ANH~R BliSCH. INC . • 51 . LOUI S 

-
, April 27, 1973 Tr iton Time 



Article 
Misquo 
Faculty 
Member 
EDITOR! 

Your April 17 story on 
the committee to appoint a 
Polit ica l Science chairman 
misquotes me frequentl y. 
A part icularly unfortunate 
instance is the statement 
that "conflicts of interest" 
were involved in the cases 
of two persons with whom 
ear lie r committees (two 
years ago or more) con-
ducted negotiations. In fact 
the two persons in ques-
tion finally decided against 
joining the UCSD faculty, 
but for reasons having ab-
solutely noth ing to do with 
"conflicts of interes .. " 

Elsewhe re in your story, I 
am misquoted as saying 
that the sea rch committ ee 
is willing to consider OQly 
ca ndidates who are " not 
specialized in one field of 
political science." In fact, I 
sta ted that we seek a per-
son who is receptive to the 
diverse methodologies that 
are represented in the dis-
cipline today. A specialist 
"in one field" might be 
perfectly well qualified , by 
that cri terion , and full y 
able to appreciate 
students' interest in 
specialties other than 
hislher own. 

H. N. Scheiber 
Professor of History 

TT Staff 
Member 
Replies 
Dr. Scheiber, 

In your letter concerning 
the story of April 17 regar-
ding the work of your com-
mittee, your first statement 
about "conflicts of in-

Ttl THm:8 ..... r LETTERI 
terest" is due to an unfor-
tunate choice of wordin g 
on my part and indeed, I 
apologize for the mi take. 

Also in your letter you 
state that I misquoted you 
concerroing a "specialist": 

"The new committee is 
trying to fi nd a candidate 
who is not specialized in 
one field of political 
science no matter who he 
or she may be." 

With your point of argu-
ment preceeding, followed 
with the quote: 

" The person must be 
able to deal in all the dis-
ciplines of political science 
and be able to interact 
between them." 

If I did misquote you 
concerning a "specialist", 
it may well have been due 
to a misunderstanding on 
my part . 

Michael Sesma 
TRITON TIMES 

Woman 
Student 
Assaulted 
TO THE WOMEN OF 
UCSD: 

On Wednesday after -
noon, April 18th, my ca r 
broke down in the 2-C 
parking lot on Muir Cam-
pus. Since it was difficult to 
describe the precise loca-
tion of my car to AAA Road 
Service, I agreed to meet 
their tow truck at the 
Torrey Pines stop light at 
the entrance to the parking 
lots. 

While waiting for the 
garage man to arrive, I was 
approached by two men in 
a camper who apparently 
thought I was hitchhiking 
si nce this is a pick-up spot 
for many students. In my 
attempt to explain that I 
didn't need a ride, I was 
grabbed suddenly by both 
men and they tried to pull 
me inside. Fortunately, 
afte r a struggle, I was able 

to get away from the m and 
ran into the ne a re st 
build ing. I escaped with a 
bruised arm, breast, sore 
ribs and extreme indigna -
tion, but I was, at the very 
I ast, one less rape victim. 

In light of my own ex-
perience and the death of a 
UCSD woman last year, I 
fail to understand why so 
many women continue to 
h itchhike . In the 30 
minutes I was standing at 
the stop light, at least a half 
dozen women were picked 
up there. I was fOi lUnate to 
survive my experience, any 
one of them might not 
have been. 

Part icularly now when 
we have a freer dress style 
that attracts more atten-
tion, women can't afford to 
d el iberatel y pla ce 
themselves in a position 
th at br ings out all the 
perverts in the world . 
Quite often police are. not 
so sympathetic with the 
bra- less hitchhike victim as 
it is viewed as provoking 
assau lts. Unfortunately true 
as this is, Women 's libera-
tion might do well to di rect 
the ir e nerg ies towards 
providing sources for safe, 
free t ra nspo rtation for 
women. 

In any event, I hope this 
letter serves to warn 
women against 
hitchhiking. I wa s very 
lucky; someone else ... 

name withheld by request 

"John Moo" 
Commentary 
Off Base 
Editor: 

Steve Brault's commen-
tary on " The John Moo 
Experience" (IT 4/ 17) kind 
of pissed me off. I think 
that the goals of the J.M.E. 
are laudable indeed, but 
Mr. Bra ult is way off base 
when he blames John Muir 

USE ... 

College for preparing 
grads " for careers but not 
for life." Prepare yourself, 
Steve, because no institu-
tion can do it for you, and 
personally I don't want any 
bureaucratic monolith 
trying to prepare me "for 
life". The reason Joh n Muir 
College is "acclaimed and 
one of the country's finest" 
(well , at least as above 
average) is because in the 
academic sense it is . This is 
the function fo the univer-
sity, to present knowledge 
efficiently and openly to 
those who seek it. O .K., 
this isn't a complete educa-
tion, but how's about if we 
don't expect the university 
to be everything to 
everybody. 

R. Gun 
S.I.O. 

Response To 
Bookstore 
Inadequate 
Editor: 

Last year, I sat on the 
Bookstore Advisory Com-
mittee. It is a fact , repeat a 
fa ct, that Paul Mares was 
there calling for new 
quarters. I was there with 
Fred Fructhendler, Two 
Bookstore managers were 
there, Voight, Hutchinson, 
Pearce, People from P&E, a 
graduate student, a 
secretary and one or two 
other were there as well. It 
was the first Bookstore Ad-
visory Committee meeting 
in three months. The se-
cond meeting in seven 
months. 

Pearce had lolal control. 
Mares asked for a new 
bu ilding. He had a sight · 
picked out, and was talking 

about size. Under Pearce's 
domination, the Com-
mittee okayed the new 
building. Dr. Pearce was a 
visionary. He wanted a big 
bookstore; " the best in San 
Diego". Pearce okayed the 
new construction idea, and 
sent the P&E people to 
draw up the plans- in con-
junction with each other, 
SO THAT THE 
UNDERGRADUATES could 
be excluded! Pearce is very 
potent in the campus ad-
ministration . The 
Chancellor is a rubber 
stamp . A prudent ex-
trapolation would be the 
Chancellor pleading the 
case around the divine ex-
teaction bases. 

It was ironic that the 
7,000+ consumers were 
going to have to pay the 
bill for " their " ex-
travagence . But was that 
unjust? If no more than 2 
undergraduates will show 
up , why shouldn ' t the 
bureaucrats win? For what 
poss ible reason could the 
bureaucrats work to lower 
prices? NONE. 

Mr. Jordan, Dr. Jordan, 
Professor Jordan or 
whatever , MIGHT in -
troduce some responsib ili-
ty and responsiveness in 
the Bookstore Manage-
ment. I doubt it . In all 
fairness, how can he res-
pond to NO inputs??? 

However, I do smell a 
rat, a skunk . Mr. Jordan 
referred to "a full report of 
bookstore operations and 
finances" was circulated . It 
sounds like a lie . In the 
past, Dr. Pearce would 
NEVER contemplate wide 
circulation of Bookstore 
materials and financial 
statements . NEVER I Such 
an open circulation would 

'triton times 
"u bedu~ 'toll 8f'h .. , rf'dd~, vot! zleseven .. ,.vg en'· 

News Department 
Karen Armitage 
Hannah Cohen 
Greg Hicks Editor-in-Chief . .... Carny Sharick City Editor ........ Carrie Ri ckey Greg Mo.er 
TimO' eil 
Don Maker 
lee Bure 

be a sharp, sharp contrast 
to Dr. Pearce's modu s 
operandi, or for that matte r 
the modus operandi of 
most of the campus ad -
ministration . 

Perhaps Mr. Jordan is an 
honest man . Perhaps Mr. 
Jordan will send the ap-
propriate financial 
statements and detailed 
footnote schedules to the 
TRITON TIMES, Copley 
Press, and local junkers for 
publication. I doubt it . 
Why should he be so 
diligent and honest? Who 
cares? The 7,000+ suckers 
stand ready to be sheared 
again in October - RIGHT 
ON SCHEDULE!! ! 

Steven Griffin 

Apologies 
Offered To 
Bulgarians 
To Whom it may concern; 

In the April 20th edition 
of the Triton Times, the " In 
Your Ear" article had a 
phrase "Bulgarian nose-
blowing music." I would 
like to clarify th at 
derrogatory connotations 
were NOT intended. It 's an 
in-house "affectionate" (so 
to speak) phrase we use 
occasiona lIy to describe 
the wide range of ethnic 
music. We did not intend 
to make light of th e 
Bulgarian culture. 

I would hereby like to 
extend a public apology to 
any persons we may have 
offended with our wor-
ding. 'Any questions or 
further c1arification s-
please contact me at x11S5. 

. Sincerely, 
Unda Clark 

Program Director 
KSDT 

copy Ruden 
Karen Gtick 
Barbara Randall 
Artilts 
Corky M. Caca. 
PholOSrophy 
Daryl Amster 
Joe Eastern 

MlIn"lIins Editor . David Bu chbinder 
Copy Editor .. Debbie Montgomery 
Business "'bn"ger . Michae l Greene 
Editorilll Director .... Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ...... . . Tom Lindberg 
Spurts Editor ...... Michael Rath 

laura Scudder 
Sports D~plrtmen. 
Che ryt Elllan 
John LeLevier 
Dave Ph illips 

George Fi.hcr 
SIeve Harper 
Mik e Sesma 
Production 

Photagrllphy Editor . Malcolm Smith 
Science Editor ....... larry Winn 
Secretary ......... Co rinne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor . . Ka thy Ku enzi 
Associate City Editors . Rich ard Drom 

Michael5esma 
A .. t. Business Mgr. . . Michael Wyer 
Asst. Sports Editor ..... Mark Liska 

Pal Slacy 
Mark Young 
Doug B anin 
Arts Dep,.r1mtnt 
Gten Genlle 
Charles Hyde 
Greg Leonard 
Krlsilne Mich.1 
Hank Steiman 
Charle. Unket". 
Brandon Wander 

lim Cha rley 
Cha rlie Helmler 
Janel Kleinkauf 
Brooke Jarreu 
David Mareu. 
Andy Rogers 
Michael Se.ma 
Business Deputment 
Carrol Bowden 
N41nCY Mancino 
Donna Yamamoto 

Th. TRITON TIME~ I. oUie"' .. , • ..,osnlud IS • sludenl newsp.pe. by th., Communico-
lion Boud of the University of California, Siln Dieso, luildins25G, Matthews umpus, LA 
)011., C"liIornl. 92037. I'ublic~tion Is twk" w •• kly on Tu.,.chy •• nd frid~y •. OUkes or. 
louled in Room 117, BI"k., H.It, R" •• II .. Campus, For ad.ertkin, phone 453-8712, or 
453-2000, )( 1017; lor .ditor l~1 or news pho ... l 1016. Opinion ••• p •• ned in .d •• r-
l!semen .. "''' tho •• 0' Ihe .dverllser .nd do nol neee •• r~, r.fI.ct ,h. opinion 01 the 
TRITON TIMES. 

!ypeSelfing by Fo!olype 

Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

"llffn." •• llu",' pt •• ,. ~H) 
t .... " .., r.ot.,~. p t, I' J 1.,.,11 • .,,,, I "P..,...,.4"1.,.·,Hl 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, April 27, 197,3 

EffectIve now, untit close of business June 30. 
1973, your University & State Employees Credit 

Union Will offer a new low financing charge of 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks , 

and used vehicles up to four yea rs old . We believe 
thiS new low rate combined with our loan pro· 

tectlon Insurance, prOVided without extra charge, 
IS the lowest auto financing package off ered in 

the San Diego area . Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price. including tax 

"nd license, with terms to 36 months. Take 
advantage of th is new low financing rate before 

it ends June 3D, 1973. 

UNtVERSITY & STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

.' , 

171 tim •• I day. Smile away to Los Angles, San FranciscO, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramenlo, Hollywood-Burbank. OntariO. and 
Long Beach And return. Gall your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about OUf easy·lo·bear. low fare. PIA , .... you • 11ft. 

• t •• 

'ANYONE WANT TO TA~E THE MARTHA CALL?' 
The opin.ions e.presse~ on the •• pag •• or. tho •• of the authors who.e names appea r in the byline. and do not 
nec:essonly reflect the VIews of the TRITON TIMES . Anyone desiring to submit material to be publi.hed on the.e pag.s 
.hould .end it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TiMES, 117 Blake Hall , UCSD. 

The Watergate Is Opened 
Steve Nesenblatt 

In June of 1972 five men entered the luxurious 
Wate rgate apartment complex in Washington . They did 
no wrong. When they walked by they saw that the 
Democratic National Headquarters was inside. These 
five high officials and close associates of the President 
for an unexplained reason had some electronic 
eavesdropping equipment with them. They thought, 
on a whim, it might be a good prank to plant them 
inside so they could know everything going on inside. 
For no reason other that cu riosity. They have no plans 
of forwa rding the information obtained to higher-ups; 
everything learned was simply for the ir own informa-
tion. 

This, or a close approximation of th is is what C-Re-E-
P (Committee For The Re-election of the President) 
had the nation believing . If they did not have the 
peop le believing this story, as some would argue, then 
the only other explanation is that the people did not 
Care abou t illegal and immoral campaign practices on 
the part of our fine President and his friends , co unsel, 
and other close associates. 

Today, six month s after the election of the man that 
these crimina ls represented , some documented truths 
are beginning to emmerge. I emphasize beginning. 
The Attorney General of the United States who is the 
man in charge of Justice has been named inthe case. 
The number one legal aid to the President has also 
been connected an embarassing way to the crime. This 
man who is said to have taken part in the planning of 
the operation was also specially appointed by Nixon to 
head up the White House investigation into the affair. 
Was it not convenient for Tricky Dick to appoint a man 
close to the conspiracy to lead the White House 
investigation? It was this investigation which the Presi-
dent and his trustworthy press secretary based th ei r 
repeated denials of White House involvement. 

A safe was opened in a Senators office on Capitol Hill 
the night after John Dean and John Mitchell were 

li~ ked to the incident by Jeb Magruder, a deputy 
director of Nixon 's well-organized, fool-proof cam-

cpb 
presents 

ZENDIK! 
"Electric Renaissance Music" 

FRIDAY - APRIL 27,1973 

8:30 P_M. 
REVELLE CAFETERIA 

Admission is 
FREE 

TICKETS ON SALE : 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

Tues. - Thurs. 2-5 
Friday - 2-4 

Closed Monday 

paign . The safe contained documents that the Senator 
had Written concerning his own investigation into the 
affair. Could it be possible someone wanted find out 
how much exactl y is known in th e case so more lies can 
be construed? Is it possible that more bribes and 
payoffs will be offered to the sources docu me nted so 
they will not continue telling what they have begun to 
spill to jurors, judges, Senators and the press? 

One ca n only specu late on the reasons Magruder 
spoke 9ut voluntarily, the reason for rumors of H.R. 
Hald emans resignation, the reason for Attorney 
General Kl eindeists Withdrawal from the case and the 
numerous other curious developments of the case. All 
that I can conclude as a distan t observer is that there 
will be more indictments of our popular Pres ident's 
frie nds, friends and associates. Maybe even "the new 
Nixon" had prior knowledge. This is by no means the 
first time one of Nixons ca mpaigns has used unfair 
practices. In the election of 1962, when running for 
governor of California, he publicized a picture of his 
opponent with his arm around the head of the com-
munist party. This pictu re was made in the dark room, 
without the use of ~ camera. 

I think two things that the Watergate has made 
" perfectly clear" are that Mr. Nixon made it clear to his 
campaign officials that he did not want there to be any 
possi ble way of victory for the opposition, and that they -
may act accordingly. He is a man who has lost too many 
elections to take any chances this time around. 

Communications can't be one-sided! There must be 
something that's bothering you nationally, on campus, 
or even in Ihis ne wspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETTERS TO THE EDITOR and will print as 
many as space permits. Leiters should be typed, 
double-spaced, with 60-unit margins, and must be re-
ceived no later than Tuesday for publication on Friday. 
All contributions MUST include the name-and address 
of the writer, although names will be withheld on 
request. Mail to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCS-
D, La Jolla, 92037, or submit in person al the office, NW 
corner Blake Hall. 

A 
WELL-DEVELOPED 

SALE 
FREE 

DEVELOPING 
On Any Develop and Print Order 

(save $1 .09 per roll) 
FOTOMAT, FUJI. GAF OR KODAK COLOR PRINT FILM 

- OR-
20 EXPOSURE SLIDE FILM 

8mm/SUPER 8 FILM 
DEVELOPED 

FOR 
99¢ 

- OR-
36 EXPOSURE SLIDE FILM 

DEVELOPED FOR 
$1.49 

No Quantity Limit, But This Offer 
Is Good Only With This Ad 

AI 
FOTOMAT 

UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 
4083 Governor Drive al Genesee 

lelephone 453-5753 
Hours: Monday-Friday 10-7; Saturday 9·6; Sunday 11 -4 

EXPIRES MA Y 2, 1973 

UCSD Administration 
Insensitive To The 
Chicano Community 

Chicano Studies FacuJly, 
Palomar College 

Th UCSD administration has made an unfortunate 
decision in denying tenure to Dr. Arturo Madrid. Dr. 
Arturo .Madrid's absence will be felt not only at the 
university, but also In the community and community 
colleges: We feel t.hat his educational background, 
academiC scholarship, and resourcefulness will be 
California's loss. As Chicano educators we are in full 
support ' of Dr. Arturo Madrid and the position of 
Mecha UCSD. 

We are deeply concerned with university policies that 
are unresponsive and insensitive to the Chicano com-
munity and its problems. If the UCSD administrators 
continue to overlook Chicano endeavo-s or refuse to 
measure constructive accomplishments on behalf of 
cultural groups then Chicano educators and communi-
ty leaders must evaluate what constitutes creative 
scholarship. Research is a significant tool for advance-
ment, but more important is the person who generates 
exemplary skills and provides a living model for the 
future leaders of Aztlan. It is imperative that the UCSD 
administration replace the position which Dr. Artu ro 
Madrid will leave with another involved Chicano 
scholar. 

FEIFFER 

) '-- .., 

H ( ." r ~ MY' .,TCHACii 
RUT I ftAU ro f'( let TC HIH 
r W\ v filAr .lJR 

[JOT 
Ii 
WA 

~ 

Saturdayat M ldnight PEED IN'f() 
THE WIND 
A SUPER 50'S ROCK 
MUSICAL COMEDY 

BY CURT 'PORNOGRA 
FOLLIES' McDOWELL 
The~·. ~r bftn .ny.hi", lih 
this before. Cun , who . p.lhelri·d 
your bnin making nasty lei into 
k ....... ppinl fun in ·'Pom.,.,. Fol· 
lies", now . howen your lOul with 
"P..,d'·. Ihe dynamil< sop of Mick 
Terrific , luper ,tlr. Rnd Ihe women 
who . top at nothinl to gel clOM' 
10 hit IYrltin, polvis. Th· new 
hourton, fu",,,, will u.k. you inlo 
lhe bedrO(;m .... ho"'hou .... ,II nilf 
diMn. buemt:nts. Ind blthrooms 
of the womt"n (and men ) who II~ 
strunK out on Mick Tt'rriftc . 

Also th~JIt t .. o 01h~r M'W film by 
Cun Mci).",. 11 
TASTELE ! TRI LOGY wilh ,n,· 

~ Pryor 111 ht.r ~t rok ytf 
SIAME ElWIN PINH AD~ . • 
shock.,' 
1'1 .. : SWING, HUTTO • S\\-I"IG ! 
with Ina R.y Uutton nd h~r .11 
(\.." ~"'"I 01un1. 

pOI~ 
TH DRAWING 

FORA II ., '~ . ,~ -. : ' : 
WATER 
BED 

MIDDLEAATH CANDLES! 
ACADE'-Y 
In, IV RSHY All 28. 1000 

Page S Frlday: April 27, 1973 Triton Tim 



James Paul McCartney: 
Yesterday and Today 

Everything was there on Monday night (April 16) as Chevrolet broug~t ~o us a 
special on James Paul McCartney everything, that is, except Dinah Shore srngrn~ her 
way across the U.S.A. in her brand new Vega With rear-Window defroster and tinted 
gla s mirrors. linda was th ere. Wing - McCartney's R&R-R&B ensemble-:-w~s there. 
Pink tail wa there, accompanying Paul's gold high-heeled tap .shoes, mrnglrng .wlth 
the bi-sexually attired tap dance school from <omewhere missed , by Ed S~lltvan . 
James Bond wa there to blow up Paul 's piano after a medley of Bond s latest trim and 
Paul's misica l score for the coming smash hit. (May l " it has already c~me and gone.) 
The people were there: M cCartney's relatives getting drunk With him rn a ho~etown 
p'Jb and the street fold, old and young, slinging lines I.rom yest.er.day-'s hit ~ongs . 
Finally, his fans were th ere, either piped in via T.V. monitors or slttrng, standrng or 
dancing in the live audience. Alice Cooper and Chuck Berry were there, only the 
name had been changed to James. The only one who wasn't there, it seemed, was 
Paul. '11 .. th Those who were waiting for McCartney to say something we!e Stl waiting ~t .e 
end of the hour long production . Unfortunately, he had nothrng to say and In hiS 
silence he revealed worlds. Here, he seemed to say by saying nothing, is what B.B.C. 
and A.B.C. wants, here is what all the censors of the world want (the free world, that 
is), here is what the politicians want, here is what al~ost everybody wants : Mary Had 
a Little Lamb. He played it for them, gave them the rnnocuous pablum they wanted 
and deserved. . I' h d 

linda was swinging from a tree above the sheep, looking very grr IS an 
innocent-maybe her daddy had built the rustic swing. She played on her 
tambourin while the band played and sang the national anthem of all the great 
cou ntries of the world. , 

Th ere were no songs about the British and t.he Irish,. no sO.ngs about anybody s 
troubles except for those involving Paul's love-life. But srnce .hls love-hfe seemed to 
be going all right, the world was safe. Everybody may grab hiS partner, her partner, 
any partner and tap dance acros the stage of life. And when we die? We~l , then we 
ca n all reti re to a farm in scotland, the heart of the country, heaven at last. 

For an Hour M cCart ney held up a mirror to the world and let us look at ourselves. 
The sceptics and one-dimensional normals who have told us that lOVing IS rnsane 

unle s it's inane, absurd, trivial, ridiculous, will now no doubt clamor about the real 
McCartney having finally stood up. In other words, success ~t last! All must conform 
even tually, even the best of us. All radicals will eventually wrnd up a.s bank tellers or 
salesmen. All get smart once they ~ea!ize how Important a.re the Importa~t real~y 
important) things in life. McCar tney IS finally a normallm?ecrle! They clap ":"Ith therr 
hearts. McCartney finally is giving the children somethrng decent to Imitate-no 
dope or sex-and he didn't even attempt to negate any of the values of decent, 
normal folk . Here at last was a leader from the past, from the fifties, a vulgar 
epicurean leaning on Madison Avenue, an ~nthu~iasti.c showman of .incomparable 
irrel evance and harmless ness. (Better than Llza Mrnelll, someone whispered .) Here 
at last was a MA -with his WOMA -singing and dancing and enjoying life, 
keeping off the street and keeping his followers off the stree! as we.II. (Nc;>t like that 
agitater Jane Fonda , someone. said loudly.) ~ere was a Silly, mrldly rrreverent, 
millionaire borrowing a quid hiS dear old dad rn a nOISY, crowded pub .. McCartney 
has made it at last as a great entertainer; h is art has been reduced to l~r~levance, 
gaud y com mercia lism, a real plus for society. Who knows, Paul might Jorn Merle 

AND 
M EET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

('0 ';nued 011 page 10 

CHABAD 
HOUSE 

6115 MONTEZUMA 
286-4747 

Invites all Jewish Students 
for a 

CHASSIDIC 
SHABBOS 

FREE 
• COMPLETE SHABBOS MEALS 
• CHASSIDIC SERVICES 
• SINGING - DANCING 

FRIDAY EVES AT 6:30 P.M. 
SAT. MORNINGS AT 10:30 P.M. 
CANDLE & SPICE CEREMONY 

AT 7:30 P.M. SAT. 
JACOB N. KRANZ, RABBI 

Pag 6 Triton Times Friday, April 27, 1973 

Saturday Films 
" Rep ort from Ch ina" is the featu red f i lm at t~e 

Saturday Night Fi lm Series in 2722 USB at 7:30 Adm Is-
sion is 50¢. 

" Report From China" is an impressive and infor-
mative fu ll length co lor documentary feature which 
shows as no other recent f il m does, the everyday life-
style i~ the People's Republic of China. The viewe! is 
left with a real fee ling of w hat the Cultu ral Revolution 
has meant in terms of human impact and social 
reorganization. The achievements, aspira t io.n~, and 
incentives are all revealed through VISitS by 
prof ssional Japanese film-making teams with farmers 
and workers at home and on the job. Factories, farm 
communes, educational and recreational centers, day 
nurseries, and individual dwe ll ings are seen and the 
people talked to. 

The film-makers devote considerable attention to 
progress in the drive for industrializa tion in China. 
They were also concerned with the means by wh ich 
people have been transformed into socially-conscious 
workers willing to sacrifice in order to bu ild a totally 
new social order. The information to be gained from 
this film report can make 'possible an objective ex-
amination of the real meaning of the Cu ltural Revolu-
tion. 

Director Toshie Tokieda, is one of Japan's women 
documentary film-makers known for her sensitivity and 
precision of her style. She and her team of film-makers 
spent six months in China filming freely for this 
product ion. 

Electric Renaissance 
Electric Renaissance" and " Raga Rock" it is a blending 
of rock, jazz, folk, East Indian, classical, and Afr ican 
modes and rhythms - a music totally unique and 
individual. There are no precorceptions, no set songs, 
no set melodies. The music is improvisational-an 
experience between audience and musicians shared in 
the moment of the concert. 

The leader of the group, Wulf, believes that "True art 
is spontaneous." W ulf is a powerful singer, musician, 
and poet. He invented most of th e instru ments used by 
the group and has radica lly modified the others. He is 
the leader of the communal group as well as the 
band-geing their spiritual and creative guide. 

The music is built upon a heavy beat laid down by an 
array of string instruments, foot tymps, amplified steel 
and skin drums. Visually, the group is exciting and lush . 
The sound system consists of 8 foot high pyramid 
shaped, natural wood speaker cabinets-the in-
struments are all and carved and jeweled. They bring 
their own back drops and banners of purple velvets, 
multi-colored silks and laces. 

Because of the group's ded ication to the freedom of 
spontaneous creativity, the unexpected moments of 
musical and philosophica l communication between 
listener and musician are frequent. Attending the 
Zendik concert promises to be a beaut iful musical 
experience. Admission is free 

PME Music Machine 
An electron ic performance instrument - probably t ! most 

sop histicated device of its kind in existence - is now installed at 
the Project for Music Experiment at 406 M att hews Campus. The 
Sal- Mar Cons truction has been developed by a team of 
eng ineers and musicians under the direction of composer 
Sa lvatore M art irano. Martirano, normally at the University of 
Illinois, is now a Visting Research Musician at PMf. 

Sa l-Mar allows the composer, through a touch-sensi tive 
keyboard with 2912 state switches, to directly control numerous 
automatic sound generation and manipulation cirCUits . Not a 
computer, Martirano's performance instrument does away with 
the need for mass storage of sounds by allowing for complex 
aural patterns to be generated automatically during actual 
performances. These sound materials may then be modified (in 
terms of speed, and parameter) th rough the tou ch-sensitive 
control panel. The sys tem also has 24 independent channels 
wi th associated speakers hung at various heights around the 
space, so that mu ltip le lines of sound may move in complex 
spatial patterns. 

Martirano has built a powerful reputation over the past 
several decades through his activity as the composer of a 
succession of Singular and compelling works. With him on 
campus are engineer Sergio Franco and composers Terry Mohn 
and Joseph Sekon. 

The Sal Mar Construction can be heard in an evening 
performance this Saturday, April 28 at 408 MC, beginning at 
8:30. 

O n Sunday, April 29, starting the Campus Program 
Board presents its second n of Folk M usic" on 
the grassy area north of Urey r, the event was well-
attended and the music was yea r, we expect at least 
the same. The music will \.u.".) •. -,u, types; Irish, Southern 
Appalacian, country, blu es, totally amazing guitar 
work . 

Appearing will be : Robbie contemporary guitarist 
from Berkeley with n .m,,,,.",,rn< on Takoma and 
Vanguard; Clifton Chenier - Zydeco Blues King"; 
The Old Hat Band - an "o ld band and medicine 
show from Seattle; Sam great Southern jug 
band, The Mississippi Sh here in a folk-blues 
concert Fall Q uarter); Jim a cou ntry singer and 
guitarist from the great 6a who records for Folk 
Legacy; Mary McCaslin - silver-throated 
songbird; Ray and Ina country music 
duo from the 30's; Curt Bou the hammered 
dulcimer, autoharp, and ba County's own, Brian 
Steeger - banjo and fidd le II free spirit. 

The festivi ti es commence a lunch, a friend, a 
blanket, and enjoy the mu FREEl 

Also remember the SDSU I. May 2-6. where there 
will be much music and a t info on that event, call 
Folk Arts, 291-1786. 

Theater/ Don Maker 

·The Glass Menagerie 
" The Glass Menagerie" has always been one of my favorite works, so perhaps I am 

pre-di sposed in the favor of anyone who p rforms the p lay with a modicum of grace. 
Bu t the Old Globe Thea tre has produced a version which, I am sure, even Tennessee 
Williams would be thrilled to witness. 

Will iam Roesch, too long absent from the Globe, has made a triumphant return 
with his dir ction of "Glass M enageri e." It has all of the depth and power that Mr. 
Willi ams wrote into the scri pt , plus the subtleties and embellishments which Mr. 
Roesch and his cas l have added to it. 

Th e staging and lighting are superb, giving dream-like quality to what the aUlhor 
calls "a memory play." Robert Hays does an excellent job of narrating the action as 
Tom in his lat r yea rs, and yet blends into the scene~ perfectly as Tom, the young 
man. 

Carole Marget brings a rar st r ngth to Amanda , who is sometime~ played as 
etheral and dainty. Miss Marget giv s her the charm and mannerisms of a Southern 
Belle, with the stee l which yea rs of struggle and dissapointment have tempered 
Amanda with . She is harsh, nagging and domineering; she is loving and beautiful. 

Lee Murphy is the drab, shy laura, who "clumps" through life because of a 
m ntally exaggerated handicap. She blossoms into a lovely lady when a Gentleman 
Caller (Steve Bl aum) finall y enter her fragi le world of minerature glass, bringing the 
excitement and vivacity of Reali ty. He entertains and enlivens Laura, giving her a 
hope of obtaining con fidence, purpos ,and happiness. They portray their characters 
with feeling and insight. 

A lot of work has gone into this production on all levels. II is done in the round, 
which adds another dimension of involvement for the audienc . Th cast and crew 
have created a vehicle which brilliantly transports the humor and tragedy, brutal and 
philosophical thoughts of the script onto the stage for our appreciatior .. "The Glass 
Menagerie" is a masterpiece of drama, and William Roesch and the Old Globe have 
done justice to it. 

It will be playing at the Cassiu!i Carter Centre tage until May 13th, with Monday 
ni ghts being dark . It is well worth the price of a student ticket, because it will do 
much more than just "make you laugh and cry." It will enrich your life. 

Body Books 
"Th e Sensu au Man" 

and " Th e Sen uou 
Woman" have a lready 
made their mark on the 
best se ller market, and the 
waves of new sensuality 
just n ver eem to stop. 
Random Hou e Publishers 
have recent ly released a 
package of sleek painfully 
arty manual on th e more 
intimate arts of li vi ng, en-
titled variously " Breath e 
Away Your tension" by Dr. 
Bruno Han Geba, "The 
Ma sage Book" by George 
Downing an " Th e Well 
Body Book" by Dr. Mike 

Samu('/ and Hal Bennett 
and " The Total Orgasm" by 
Dr. Jack Rosenberg. The 
UCSD Book ~ore i 
pre ently f all/ring the e 
book, and are today 
hosting Dr. Ro enberg (at 
left) at the book tore from 
11 a.m. to 1 p.m. for di cus-
ion and autograph 
ingin).:. He is a clinica l psy-

cho logi t and practi ing 
dentist from Marin count y 
and is also a well-known 
plychotherapist at th e 
Gestalt Institul e in San 
Francisco 

Exclusive Reserved Seat Engagement - NOW PLA YING! WRIG'HT'S· SYSTEm OF fHE WEEK $ $ An ALBERTO GRIMALDI Produclion 

AF tlmby BERNARDO BERTOLUCCI 
With MARIA SCHNEIDER 

MARIA MICHl· GIOVANNA GALLETII 
and With JEAN-PI ERRE LEAU D 

alsostamng MASSIMO GI RODI 
Produced by Directed by 
ALBERTO GRIMALDI BERNARDO BERTOLUCCI 

A COPROOUCllON PeA PROOUIIONI [UROP{[ ASSOCIA1( SA S - ROME 
lES PROOUC1IONS ARTiS1ES ASSOCI[S SA-PARIS ® NO ONE UNDER 18 ADMITTED u..t.d ...... 

PROOF OF AGE REOUIREO 

SCHEDULE OF SHOWINGS 
MON. thru THUR. : 8:00 P.M. 

FR!. & PRE-HOLIDAYS: 
7:00 & 9:45 P.M. 

SAT. & HOLIDAYS: 
2:00, 7:00, 9:45 P.M. 

SUN.: 2:00, 5:00, 8:00 P.M. 
Box Office Open Dallv at 12:00 Noon 

No T.lephone ReHrvaUonl Tlckll' 
1110 It 
C.",rlll 
Tlckel 

Agencies 

• • I .' 

(:.." C' C" 
.: ,..1 --

The heart of an 'l good stereo system is a good receiver. A MA RA NTZ 2010 is the best low priced 
FM/AM receiver around. Wh y? Bec ause it will do what the manufacturer claims ond it's quality is 
backed by a 3 years po rts & labor warranty (the longest in the industry). It 's rated ot 20 wotts total 
rms but is typ ically 25 wa tts rms. On the FM tuner you'll find two additional features ; loudness and 
mut ing buttons. These enable better FM lister,ing. All th is and more. but the test of any good 
receiver is in the hearing, so come in today for a sound demonstration. Still only $199.95 at 
Wright's. Wa lnut case extra. 

"THE EVERYDAY STOltE 
FOR EYERYDAY PEOPL(" 

~WRIGHT'S 
~ WORLD 

OF SOUND 
II 

FASHI ON VALLEY 
134 Feshion V~ tt ev Wett 

, Np, ,, to rar,I!II ',1 
299·3630 

COLLEGE AREA 
5140 EI Calon BlVd. 

tCo, n" 01 52,.d 
And U CajOn Blvd .) 

582·322 1 

OPEN 10-9 Mon.-Fri. SAT. 10-6 
5,"1111 DI'C"Rts. 5 Yr. HI·Mmel W"rlR(, I Vi. S,eaker rr~_ehck PI ... 
fUll" Tr.IRd Techicians. 11I .... i. 1e Oeh,erl. SUllt"Ii.~ ~Ulfnt.,,· 

INSTANT CREDIT • TERMS TO 36 MONTHS 
..lIk" .... ,;e.'" ••• ter< ... ,.. 

INTERAUDIO 

DI""'1"f'~ hy Bo._, I"'.t . '"' .rou~,. boo"''''elf U'.I;II.-eoll .Iond abo." two 
, .. ", high and w II ",Ok. Q hord,om. add lhon 10 your dtoot'f'llol!"Q t"h.m • . 
I""de .. III ,,,.c ... ' orrav of ,,, •• 10 .,, fttou.I ,r oll y d."g""d to g,,,e yov the 
moumurn . ouncf for your "al l., S 157220 pOI' 

GARRARD 

' ornoul GAItIll ... ltO .. 2M auten'la ttc. tumtolll . WI'''' tfom"t8 cv.tnt tt't "ro-
f.c' ,"OUf r.cord . from tJlo""o,. Pile. I . $90 IS ol'ld ."cl"cf.s tk. bo •• 01'14 
".h"r. M1~f Ur1n~9 • . 

SYSTEM PRICE 
PURCHASED SEPARATELY ••••••• . ••• 448.02 

WRIGHT'S $ 
EVERYDAY 
LOW PRICE 

SAV, (VeN MORr MON'YI YOU CA N 'UISTITUn (OMflONfNt\ IN r"'ls $VSTf M 
Q' MAKI UP YOUR OWN lItHIR WAY • Wlll G.VI YQU A DIS, aUNT rR1C1' 

Pag 7 Friday, Apri l 27, 1973 Triton Time 



Group Wrestles CAT 
Clear Air Turbule nce. 

u.s. Business Delays 
Advance Says Scientist 

Acronym: CAT. Aircraft 
which myster iou sly dis-
integrate in fli ght are often 
its victims. Air travelers are 
by and large unaware of it. 
Pilots fear it. 
Meteorologists fail to 
predict it. Science is st ill 
trying to explain it. 

"Scientists have bee n 
studyi ng turbulence for 100 
years," says assistant 
research physicist Dr. c.c. 
Wang, "and we still ca nnot 

By Lawrence Winn Science Editor 
Dr. Bernd T. Matthias, 

Director of the Institute for 
pure and Applied Physica l 
Science {IPAPS)at UCSD, 
told visiting California 
Congressman Lionel Van 
Deerlin Tue da y that in-
dustry is dragging its heels 
when it comes to applying 
th technology of super-
co nductivity to electric 
power transmis ion . 

"Their resistance to new 
technology is un -
believable," Matthias said. 
"Their research consists of 

, a monthly phone call, 'and 
they say, 'What's new? '," 

Superconductivity is an 
extremely low temperature 
phenomenon exhibited by 
over 1000 known sub-
stances, almosl all dis-
covered by Dr. Matthias. 
Each such substance has a 
specific transition 
temp rature at which it 
c onducts electricity 
without resistance, he nce 
the te rm superconductor. 
The transition 
temperatures of known 
supercondu ctors are all 
near absolute ze ro, that 
temperature (-273.2 
degrees C or -459.7 
degrees F) a t whi c h 
molecular acti vi ty stops . 
The hi ghest transition 
Icmpe ratu rc.oyet is that for 
an alloy called niobium-
aluminum-germa nium. It is 
21 degrees Ab solute 
(Kelvin). 

The heart of a supercon-

IsraelI 
Ethloplal 

Kenya 
August 9 for 22 days 

Fully Escorted 
From San Diego 

$1496. 
Points Four World 

Travel Service 
233-8841 

ASK for Gladys BlaCK 

ducting power lin e is its 
superco nductin g core, 
carried by underground 
pipes and cooled by a flow 
of liquid hydrogen. Dr. 
Matthias seek $10 million 
in federal funds to finance 
his search for a supercon-
ductor with a transition 
temperature high enough 
(around 25 degrees K) to 
allow elimination of the 
hydrogen re liquifying 
sta tions required by pre-
sen t technology . That 
alone , he says, wou ld 
reduce the operating costs 
of a superconducting 
power line by a factor of 
10. 

According to Dr . 
Matthias, the Soviet Union 
is giving heavy financial 
support to basic research in 
superco nductivit y. The 
Ru ss ians are also planning 
a superconducting cable 
using niobium-tin , with a 
transition temperatu re of 
18 degrees K. The closest 
American venture in that 
direction is Union Car-
b idcs pure niobium cable. 

iobium has a transition 
te mperature of 9 degrees 
K. Both cables would re-
qu ire expensive liquid 
helium cool ing . 

The advantages of super-
cond uctin g power 
transmission, as Dr . 
Matthias outlines them, are 
en rgy conservation, flex -
ibi lity , and economy, A 
long cross-co untry 
•..................•• 

: Baja Kits- · • 
· Discount Coupon: • 
• • 
• 4 Styles 50/0 Off Kits: • 
• 

· Accessories • 
• purchased with kits 
• 20% Off · • 
· • 

· Fiber Mex · • 
· • 283 Broadway, · • • 

• • Chula Vista • 
· 

• 
................••.•• 

l I i f\ 
Page 8 Triton Times Friday, April 27, 1973 

overhead power line loses 
30 percent of the power it 
carries to resista nee . A 
superconducting cab le 
loses nothing in transmis-
sion. Energy transmission 
free of loss over long dis-
tances means, according to 
Matthias, that generating 
plants, including nuclear 
plants, could be si tuated 
anyw here. With supercon-
ducting cab les, e nergy 
could be diverted from 
power plants in sleepi ng 
cities to meet peak 
demands in areas 
threatened by blackout. 

Finally , there is 
economy. Superconduc-
ting power lines would 
require one-fifth the 
capital investment of 
equivalent overhead lines, 
Mattias told Van Deerlin. 
And fewer superconduc-
ting lines would be needed 
to meet future power 
demands, Matthias said. 

"Co ndu ct twice as much 
current in a conventional 
cable," he explained, "and 
you lose four times as 
much, But with a super-
c onductor, it doesn't 
matter. There is no 
resistance." 

" That is important," he 
said, " because we double 
our power needs every 10 
yea rs, " 

" I'm not willing to 
acknowledge doubling of 
power needs every 10 
yea r s," Van Deerlin 
replied. "We'll have to stop 
air conditioning college 
buildings that sit on top of 
mesas overlooking the 
Pacific." 

"I agree," said Or. 
continued on page 11 

xp lai n or predict it except 
on a statistica l basis." Dr. 
Wang, with several post -
doctorate fellows, graduate 
students, and un-
dergraduates, works under 
Dr. S.c. Lin of th e Institute 
for Pur e and Applied 
Physical Sciences (IPAPS). 
The group's work is pure, 
as opposed to applied, 
science. Its objective is to 
render turbulence 
mathematically tra ctable 
and therefore predictable. 

Turbulence, Dr. Wang 
explai ns, is a disru ptioll of 
even, or laminar, flow. It 
occurs in gasses, flu ids, and 
even in the ionized gasses 
of space, where a solar 
wind sweeps outward from 
the su n . 

This much is understood: 
turbulence is a system of 
vortices, whirlpools of 
greater a nd lesser size 
arranged in complex three-
dimensio n al patterns, 
much as the gaps in stone 
walls are fi ll ed by 
successively smaller par-
ticles . Huge vi rtices, as in 
clear air turbu lence, in-
clude systems of smal ler 
vortices which , at a cri tica l 
size, dissipate with th e 
re lease of heat. Hea t 
gradients caused by tu r-
bulence create differences 
in density which, 
theoretica ll y at least, are 
detectable as scatterback 
on radar scopes. 

The methods Dr. Lin and 
his group use to measure 
artificially created tur-
bulence are twofold , One 
is a wind tunnel , a common ' 
aerodynamic tool in which 

COlllinued on p ••• 10 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITY THRU 

HYPNOSIS 
D. RAKOW 281-4586 

~~-----

Lum1nous bubble of hot air raises from a high-energy 
sparking device. Measurements of temperature and velocity 
variations within the buble may help scientists understand 
what turbulence is and why it occurs. 

House of 
Natural Foods 

Prod uce, Dafry, Poultry 
Sl,Ipp lements, G ra ins, Fruits 

Our Own Honey Date Cereal 
4S¢ lb. 

Altadena Raw Whole Milk 
69¢ 1/2 gal. 

Continenta l Yogurt (Plain) 
79¢ qt. 

Ro e Hip V.T.e. 500 mg. 
100 Tab $1 .99 

We Halle Our OKln Stone Mill 
And Bakery 

7523 b .'ay Avenue La Jolla 
454-4515 

(arron from Sa/eIl'QY) 

Cal Tech Takes 
Triton Trackmen 

Once again the Triton track team was defeated. This 
time they lost by the respectable score Cal Tech 78-
UCSD60. 

Sti ll the Tritons had some cause to rejoice as Rudy 
Myers Eric Hendricks, Greg Hauser, and Tom Philp combi~ed efforts for the fastest 440 yd . relay in the 
school's history. Their winning time of 43.4 seconds was 
just enough to better the old school record of 43.5 
seconds. Even faster times are to be expected as 
everyone on the track team is confident that the relay 
team has not yet reached its peak. 

Cong ratulation~ to Page Smith are also in order .. He 
realized his potentia l last Saturday when he triple 
jumped 44 ft . 10V2 in . and eclipsed the o ld record of 44 
ft . 3V2 in. 

Overall the team's performance was ~e~y ~onsiste.nt. 
Other than Kirk Newell's and Tom Philp s tie for .flrst 
place in the pole valut (6 ft.) there were no surprISes. 
They both took one attempt and declined further 
attem pts in favor of other events. 

Tom Pilgram and Chuck Crumley are two Triton 
runners who have not yet been mentioned this season. 
Tom Pilgram is a rapidly improving f~rst runner who 
participates in the 660 yd . run. Chuck IS another story. 
His main event is the mile, but on ocassion he has been 
known to double in the 660 yd . run, the two mile run, 
or the 440 yd . intermediate hurdles. Perhaps his claim 
to fame however is being the promoter of the "B" mile 
relay te~m. He even has been known to recruit spec-
tators and members of the opposing team. 

Miller Shines 
In Triton Loss 

The Triton Baseball team 
conti nued in their usual 
ways as they dropped three 
more games to tough 
teams. 

In a game last 
Wednesday, the ballclub 
lost a close game to USIU, 
5-3. Randy Miller was on 
the mou nd for the Tritons 
and pitched a g'ood game, 
al lowing only five hits. 
Freshme n Tom Hayduk 
and Brad Iwanaga played 
ext remely well in the in-
fie ld , and Hayduk picked 
up two hits and a walk . 

In one of their toughest 
challenges this season, the 
team dropped both games 
of a doubleheader against 
Cal State Dominguez Hill s, 
6-1 and 13-4. Miller again 
pitched a good game in the 
first meeting, leading 1-0 
goi ng into the sixth inning 
but losi ng it on severa l 
errors and walks. 

Right fielder Vince Allen 
was the offensive and 
rlefensive standout in both 
of the losing efforts with 
good hitting and good 
fielding, both of which th.e 
Tritons have been lacking 
so fa r this y ar. 

Tomorrow the baseball 
team will face Cal lutheran 
on the home field at noon. 

This will be absolutely the 
last chance to see the 
Tritons play at home. The 
field is loca ted on Miramar 
Road opposite Scripps 
Hospital about a mile from 
the campus. 

OOOPS! 
Another 
Error 

Pardon our blunder ... it 
was pointed out that grad 
studen ts are just as e lig ible 
for the All-Cal Tourney as 
undergrads. So, if you are 
one of those graduates 
who felt slighted because 
you were excluded from 
the coed doubles bad min-
to badminton tournament, 
come on over to the gym 
Tuesday night at 7:30 and 
you'll get a fair shot at 
representing UCSD at San-
ta Bargara May 12-13. See 
you in th gym with your 
partner. 

LiUJe 
0 ................. 

PJ73A 
1leat 

We take phone orden 
Phon. 453-8455 

3943 Gov.rnor Drlv. 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Gov.rnor • G.n •••• 

200/0 off for UCSD 
8tudent8 with ID carda 

Sports Calendar 
The winds of discontent 

have reached the Sports 
Depa rtm ent lately . It 
appears that the regular 
readers missed out on what 
was happeni ng around the 
local sports scene last 
weekend. So, we'r going 
to give you a peep at what's 
upcoming this weekend 
and hope you don't tear 
down the Triton Times of-
fice in a display of mob 
violence. 

If you miss your tennis 
playing buddies either in 
class or while hitting the 
caf and lib scene {that's 
short for cafeteria and 
library for yo u apathetic 

college bums (well try to 
live without them because 
they won't be around for a 
while. The tennis teams -
both men and women - are 
heading ou to Ojai for the 
famous Oja i tournament 
(what else?). 

There will be enough 
around here to keep you 
busy, though . Head on 
over to the home fi Id and 
join the TT's own ace 
reporter Eric, who will be 
watching the baseball team 
in action. They are taking 
on Cal lutheran at 12 
noon, so be htere and have 

Continued on pl'l 1 0 

Volleyball Team 
Injury Prone 

Mike Rath 
With the Nationals rapidly approaching, no doubt 

avid UCSD volleyball fans are wondering what type of 
showing the home team will make. How w.i11 the Trito,:.s 
stand up to the likes of Church College of HawaII, 
defending champs, or powerhouse George Williams? 
The final test comes in 'one week while a tournament in 
San Diego tomorrow will serve as the final warmup. 
, In reality, it must be admitted that things look a little 
shaky for the good guys . The team's history reveals a 
chronic case of inconsistency since January. At one 
tournament the Tritons show their potential with 
steady play and even some occasional flashes of 
brilliance, while one week later the play looks un-
berably sloppy and the varsity loses to teams that really 
don't even belong on the same court. The core of the 
problem lies in inexperience. Only three players, Jim 
Rabe, Maurice Seracini, and Matt Meriiss, had played 
intercollegiate volleyball prior to this season. The two 
freshman setters, larry Baldwin and George Yamash ita, 
have played high school volleyball, and even this small 
amount places them ahead of most of the other players 
on the team experience-wise. 

The problem was further compounded by budget 
limitations that kept the team from gaining much 
playing time before the championships. What tour-

Continued on page 10 

IJEE 
Pa~e 9 Fri,day, April 27, ,1973 Triton Times 



ul McCartney 
Conlinu('d from pa~(' 6 

Hag!!'ard ii e keeps improving and moving in the right direction. And like Merle he 
might be i 1 ' ted to perform at the White House before those who have helped make 
America .... hat it is today : Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, John Wayne, and of course, Spiro 
and Dick . It would be such great fun-perhaps fo r Tricia's next birthdayl 

The cri ttcs who deal with the obvious will latch onto the great irony of Paul's 
final : Ye:" rday. Here was the great McCartney oblivious to his own triviality 
singing abuut yesterday when al l his troubles seemed so far away. 
uddenly, 

I'm not half the man 
I used to be. 
There's a shadow 
hanging over me. 

0 , I believe in yesterday. 
Some, however, will see in the obvious the chance for deception, for feeding 

mythologies, for delivering the salable package to the stupid executive and the 
credulou s public, for providing what is wanted rather than what is needed, Some will 
givt:McCartr1!:'ya bit of credit for what he did y< <;Ie rday and admit that the world not 
only want what he gave them on Monday night (during prime time, natura lly), but 
that the world is what he presented to them. 

But to be honest we must admit, because we've seen it happen so many times 
before, means are easi ly transformed into ends. Kubrick did it with Clockwork 
Orang and Nixon is still doing it in Cambodia and Laos and Washington . It is hoped, 
at least by me, that McCartney's performance was a form of protest against the state 
of the world today, and that the details of his style of protest will not become the 
content of his future work. There is enough decadence already. 

Guggenheim Grants ... continued fram page 1 
will use his grant funds for experimental 
studies in high energy astronomy. 

Dr. David Green, professor of psy-
chology, will go to Cambridge, England 
where he will apply linear analysis to 
auditory phenomena . 

Dr. Joseph Gusfield , professor of 
sociology, will channel the funds from 
his grant to look at the knowledge and 
policy in alcohol and public safety. 

The grant to Miss Pau line Ol iveros, 
composer; assistant professor of music, 
will be used for music composition . 

During its 49-year history the Founda-
tion has now granted nearly 8,100 
Fellowships for a total of more than 
$50,000,000. 

The Committee of Select.ion for these 

fun-slop 
shopping 

awards consisted of Mark Kac, professor 
of mathematics, Rockefeller Universi ty; 
Arthur Kornberg , professor of 
biochemistry, Standford University 
School of Medicine; Willard F. Libby, 
professor of chemistry, Universi ty of 
California, Los Angeles; Robert K. Mer-
ton, professor of sociology, Columbia 
University; Charles Muscatine, professor 
of English, University of Cal ifornia, 
Berkeley; Marcus M . Rh oades, professor 
of botany, Indiana University; and 
Samuel E. Thorne, professor of legal 
history, Harvard University. The advisory 
committee for applications from artists 
was made up of Henry Geldzahler, 
Misch Kohn, Roberobert Motherwell, 
Tony Smith and Frank Stella. 

Art lques, books, candles, fountains, lewelry, leather, macrame, 
pa lnllngs, potS-In fact, everyth ing for the person who doesn 't 
have everything. 37BO MiSSion Blvd. In old MISSiOn Beach. Phone 
488·3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 am to 9:00 pm- Fri. 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm-Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm-Sun. 11:30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YAB YUil1 

Cork n' 
Cheddar 

WE HAVE LDf5 CIF Wlt-.£ 
J L.OT!5 of WI:E5E: ., .••.• 
TERRIFIC. ~DNI(Hes TOO~ 

14(2. o...1lNO 'DEL \J1A~ (ijEXf m 
DEL. YIA~ . • 795-t2.3e • 6ULl.I{~) 

Saturday Film 
Report From China 

I no : urncnl a r~ , in color , 
pO'it- ( u lural Rl"olution China ) 

7:31) SOt USB 2722 
Friday Flicks 

Prime Cut 
Lee Marvin, Gene Hackman 

Page 10 Triton Tim S Friday, April 27, 1973 

and 

Le E cargots 

7:30 & 10:00 75¢ 
USB 2722 

Wreslles CAT 
Colllnlllll fr .. pall 8 

Folk Festival 
Here Saturday 

air is fan-driven through a 
le st space . Th e oth er 
method was developed at 
UCSD four years ago. It 
consists of a high-energy 
sparkin g device whic h 
heats the surrounding air 
to 10,000 degrees Kelvin 
(about 5400 degrees F). As 
the buble of hot air raises , 
it creates turbulence iden-
ti ca l to the sort that builds 
towerin g cumulus and 
cumulonimbus (thunder) 
clouds. The velocity and 
temperature of thevortex 
system at various points is 
then measured by passing 
probes through the bubble 
during its third -of-a-
second lifespan. 

This Saturday, April 28, 
the Folk Dancing Club of 
UCSD will present a Balkan 
Folk Dan ce Festival 
featuring workshops, a 
beach p-1cnic, and an 
evening party complete 
wit Ii orchestra. Dobrivoje 
Pu tnic, one of the finest 
profeSSional c hor eo-
graphers and folklorists 
from Yugoslavia, will be 
instructor for the after-
noon workshop. 

Saturday will prove to be 
an all day affair for folk 
danCing enthus iasts as 
events are schedu led from 
12 noon until 1 am that 
night. The first 
workshop, to be held un-
der the eyes of Mr. Pu tnik, 
will take place from 12 until 
4 pm. It will be followed by 
a picnic and party which 
well be held at La Jolla 
Shores. Following the pic-
ni c, a second workshop 
under the tutelage of 
David Shochat and Mark 
Levy will start at 7pm and 
la st approximately two 
hours. Both workshops will 
be located in the UCSD 
gymna ium, so participants 
are requested to wear soft-
soled shoes. After the se-
cond workshop, for those 
still going strong, there will 
be a party complete with 
or chestra . The incom-
parable Pitu Guli folk 
orchestra , which 
speciali zes in Macedonian 
and Bulgarian folk musi c 
will pla y for general d a n~ 
cing from 9 pm to 1 am. 
Depending on the number 
of peopl e, the party will 
tak e place in a smaller 
room for belt e r at-
mosphere. 

Dobri v oj e Putnik 
currently is the Arti sti c 
D irec tor of An sambl 
KOLO, dl .';:- L.,OWII as the 
most pr o du ( t 'v 
cho reographer Yugoslavia 
has ever known. His vast 
knowled ge of traditi onal 
da n ces and h is man y 
resear c h trip s into the 
villages of Yugoslavia have 
ea rned for him the well-
deserved namp of "The En-
cyclopedia of Yu goslavian 
Dances." Mr. Putnik will 
p rese nt ten traditi o nal 
cl;)nces from all major pa rts 
of Yugoslavia, thp music 
h,lving been recorded on a 

long-playing album. 
Peop l e from all over 

Southern California are ex-
pe cted to attend the 
feslival. Pri ces are as 
follows: first workshop 
(with Mr. Putnik) $1 .50, se-
cond workshop and party 
$2.00, package price $3.00, 
UCSD students $2.50. For 
more information contact 
Bruce Hamilton at 272-
7450. 

What will come of such 
ex.periment s, hopefull y, 
will be a pra ctica l un-
derstanding of events 
which appear at the mo-
ment to be governed by 
chance. And in the case of 
aviation, som etimes by 
fate . 

C a len dar. .. Contlnllll frllll , ... 9 
a good time. 

The other home event in 
the near future - i.e. before 
the next TT comes out - will 
be the hopefully (keep 
you r fingers crossed) vic-
torious tennis team take on 
the San Diego State team 

here at 3 pm. 
The other events are away. 
The track and field tea m is 
heading up to the MT. SAC 
Relays. The rugby team will 
be trave lling over to 
Phoenix to take on their 
ru gby club. 

Volleyball ... 
Continued from PII' 9 

naments UCSD was able to enter (with the exception of 
the All -Cal Tourney at th e beginn ing of the year), the 
individuals had to furnish th ei r own transportation. 
Any things as luxurious as meal money was unheard of. 
It might be said that playing time was financially 
limited, as is the case with most sports at UCSD. 

As if this weren't enough, Coach Gorrell's team has 
been struck by injury and illness of near epidemic 
proportions. To begin with, Mike Bastiani is just now 
recovering from chi lls and fever that kept him sidelined 
for a couple of weeks. Matt Merliss, a starting setter, 
has just returned from a stay in the hospital for what 
may be a bout with mononucleosis. Both freshman 
setter, Yamashita and Baldwin, sustained injuries to 
their hands last week, while Eric Raisters is now 
hobbling on crutches after severely spraining hi s ankle. 
Soon after Eric went down, Jim Rabe also sprained an 
ankle, but was able to play short ly afterwards. 

Things aren't quite as bad as they may seem, 
however, as with any luck and barring future injuries, 
the team will be at nearly full-strength for the big 
tournament next Friday and Saturday. And even th e 
most pessimistiC observer must admit the team has 
come a long ways. If the hands mend, setters Merliss, 
Baldwin, Yamashita , and stalwart Tom Evans (who 
doubles as the best digger on the team) are capable of 
playing strong ball . If the hitters manage to pass well, 
the offense will move behind Maurice, Rabe, Tom 
Smith (alias Mr. Consistency) and Mike Bastiani, all 
capabl e hitters . They ' re supported by John Woodward, 
Clain Campagna , and Gary Cordell, who are capable of 
moving to the first string at any time. 

At this time the Nationals, which are invitational , will 
consist of either four or six schools. Those definitely 
attending are top-seeded Church College, second 
se ded George Williams, Graceland College, and 
UCSD. The other schools, Indiana Tech and Linfield 
College, will be given invitations depending on their 
performan ce this weekend . The tourney starts Friday 
with round robin competition, and the finals will be 
held the following Saturday. 

University lutheran Church 
And Student Center 

Worship Services 
10 A.M. Sunda ys Campus Pastor 

John G. Huber 
F db a k Church Office 

::: 11 :15 and ::: 

III :~~~~~:~;9~!~~ iii 
::: at Nor n Torrey Pines ::: 

~jt:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:~:.:.:;.:~}:~~:~.~.~:~~:.:~~:~:~.~~.:~:~:~:,~~~.~:~::.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.J~ 

more announcements ...................................................... ... 
PUBLIC NOTICE 

Nnlit.:c: illi hereby Ilvcn lhut the TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Lower 81ukc Hull , Revelle 

umru" UCSO. Lu Jol1 •. CII 92037. hu, 
fil ed with the Studtnt Employment Office: 
in compliuncc wllh Chancellor WlIli"m 
McElroy's rulina of October 27. 1972. it 
listing of jon! 4t",uilablc (or the 1913·1974 
academic ycar. 

In cnmphuncc with the job fuling the 
fo llowing IIsling of Jobs availubk in said 
orricc~ IS given: Editor· in-Chid . Cit)' 
Edi1tH. Managing Editor. Copy Editor. 
8u",jnl!-~5 Manager. Editorial DirO::lor. Arb, 
I:ditor. Sports Editor. Ph otogrlJphy Editor. 
SecreiMY. A,,,i~tunl Ily Editor. Assistl:lnl 
8 us inc'is Manager , Aui. lant Ediloriul 
Director , Assistunt Sports Editor , Science 
Ed ito r, Secretarial A'i!lislanlS lind 
Sale~men . 

Any perMln wishing Lo apply mU5t r.r~1 
pick up a rererral hom the Siudent Employ . 
men t Office. 210 Me. and then pre~nl the 
rcrerr;tll o Corky or CBmy in the TRITON 
TIMES office Mondll)l-FridHY 12:00-1 :00 in 
o rder to pide up lin uJlpliclit ion. All 
apfll ications must be in by May 8, 1973. 
12:00 noon . The TRITON TIMES IS AN 
Fqu lI I Opportunity Employer. All elected 
posit ion" are subject to final approval by 
the UCSD CommunicatIons Board. 

general 
The Jewish Students 
Association is sponsoring a 
weekend in the mountains. 
May 18-20. There wi ll be 
dancing, sports, seminars. 
speakers, music, and films at 
a cost of $5.00, which also 
includes transportation and 
meals. There is more infor. to 
come. but If you're in-
terested, call Joanne at 272-
5939 . (5/19) 
Dr. John Stewart, Provost, 
John Muir College will speak 
to the Society and Human 

Values class, Tuesday, May 
1 from 2:00 until 3:30. Open 
to visiting students. (4/27) 
"TO ALL GRADUATING 
SENIORS. REVELLE COL-
LEGE: Posted outside the 
Revelle Provost Office will be 
a list of graduating seniors for 
Spring 1973. If your name 
does 'not appear on the list 
please, contact Charlotte 
Cysner, Office of the Provost 
or call her al extension 
2231 ." (5/11) 
The American Friends Ser-
vice Committee is preparing 
to organize a fund-raising 
effort to provide medical 
supplies and aid to Viet-
namese civilians. We urgent-
ly need the assistance of 
faculty, students and staff to 
help promote th is non-
political, humanitarian effort. 
Anyone interested should 
contact Mark Siegel in the 
TRITON TIMES office, NW 
corner of Blake Hal l, Revelle 
Campus. X1016, or leave 
your name and phone 
number. (5/1) 
Senior Octavio Paz, well-
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, will be at UCSD as a 
Regent's Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 
time he wil l deliver a series of 
four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Span ish 
America and will give a 
public reading of his poetry 
with subsequent translations 

Enzyme Discovered 
Identifying and characterizing a previously un-

defined bacterial enzyme has captured the interest of 
UCSD second-year medical student Henry Miller and 
may captu re him scientific honors in Galveston, Texas. 

Mi ller will represent the UCSD medical school April 
26-28 at the 13th Annual Student Medical Assocation-
University of Texas Medical Branch National Student 
Research Forum. His paper, titled "Ribonuclease H 
(Hybrid) : Identification and Character ization", is one 
of 100 selected nationwide to be presented at th e 
Forum. On Saturday, April 28, winning participants will 
receive awards for excellence in research in seve ra l 
areas. 

By studying the enzyme Ribonuclease H. Miller has 
elucidated part of the mechanism by which bacteria 
reproduce genetic material and proliferate. Knowledge 

Postu re... continued from page 3 
of the rest had wanted the film, they would have to 
submit to the censure of their peers . 

Just when I was beginning to consider suicide as a 
viable alternative to the jazz, the emcee asked the 
judges if they'd like to see the girls again . The judges 
gave the impression that, though they weren't too hot 
on the idea, they wouldn't mind. 

I didn't mind ei th er. How the girls fe lt about it, I 
don't know. They didn't appear to mind. In fact, one or 
two fairly enjoyed it. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD,BANK 

327 F. Street 
PAYS DONORS 

for service 

-

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat . 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 

u.s. Business 
Contln •• d frill P.II 8 

Matthias. " We don't have 
to use that much e nergy, 
but what I'm telling you is, 
we do. I don't believe in a 
c lea r -c;ut relationship 
between reason and ac-
tion." 

" Inertia in planning will 
create one crisis after 
another," Dr. Matth ias 
said. 

into English. Wednesday , 
May 2, PUBLIC READING 
- 8 p .m., HL Aud .: 
Thursday, May 3, Third Lec-
ture - 3 p.m. HL 1449 . . 
Thursday. May 10. Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. HL 1449 
The new UCSD permanent 
collection, featUring works by 
Van Gogh. Matisse, Monet. 
Chagall , RenO i r , and 
Cezanne. will be on display 
Apr il 24 - May 16 in the 
main gallery. Gallery hours 
are daily from 12-5 and 
Wednesday evenings from 
8-10 p.m. (4/24) 
He Noa Lani Dance, Co. stu-
dent organ ization meets ev-
ery yYednesday for class at 
the Gym. No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m. Everyone invited/stu-
dents, staffllacully (4/24) 
The Triton Wargam i ng 
SOCiety meets every 
Thursday night in Room Muir 
2C1110. The room is ours 
from 6 on and we stay all 
night. All welcome to come 
and play games. (EI) 
Attenlion any or all student 
organizations - Budget reo 
quests for the 1973-74 aca-
demic year are due no later 
than Tues. May 1. Any re-
quests for funding should be 
sent to the Campus Activity 
Fee Committee cIa 250 MC. 
(II hand -delivered see Molly 
in 250 MC.) (5/1) 
MATH CLINIC is now open. 
We provide individual 

tuforing in math and science. 
Monday-Thursday: 12:30-5. 
7-10 p.m .. ·1 riday: 12:30-5 
Room 5132 2A. (4 / 27) 
Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display in Ihe Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nilies-Library Bldg ., Re-
velle College. through Apri l. 
The exh ibition has been co-
ordinaled by facu lty member 
Manny Farber. (4 /27) 
Exhibition of crafls - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture , and 
stained-glass sculpture -
will be on display in the Cen-
tral UniverSity Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The ex hi-
bi lion is by Ihe Al l ied 
Craftsmmen of San Diego In 
con junction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27 ) 
Attention : All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
Classified ads in this publica-
tion are free to currently 
enrolled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed . . 
Al l ads longer than this will 
be reduced. We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi· 
tion we are not responsible 
for any errors. Please make 
sure to check your ad for 
correct ions the day it 
appears. Usually ads will run 
automatically for two issues 

of how this enzyme works and what inhibits its function 
may enable researchers to find a means of interrupting 
bacterial reproduction thus providing a new stage at 
which treatment is possible. 

The Student Research Forum was begun in 1960 by 
three students at the University of Texas Medical 
Branch who were distressed by the limited oppor-
tuniies for students to present the results of their 
scientific endeavors for criticism and discussion. The 
Forum has since grown in scope and participation, each 
year attracting medical students, graduate students, 
interns and residents from institutions throughout the 
United States and Canada . 

A 1969 graduate of Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Miller is studying at the UCSD medical 
school for a career in either endocrinology or infec-
tious disease. He VIIill receive his M .D. degree in June 
1975. His wife, Gerry, is also a medical student at the 
school. 

One of the lovelies who enjoyed it also stumbled on 
stage, just as she turned towards me. The poor thing 
flushed on a mindless sort of grin. Of course, I didn' t 
think too much of it. No one expects these girls to be 
professionals, right? (Wrong. I later looked at the 
scores. Not only didn't she win, but she lost big.) 

Well the Big Moment finally came, heralded by a 
clarinet fanfare that plumbed the depths of despair. 
Stead introduced the top -bana na judge, who read the 
winners' numbers from a sheet of foolscap. With a 
voice of such presence, such conception of drama, that 
it could only be described as "lacking" he read the 
numbers; 8, 2, and 12. 

By these, he meant, First place, Pamela Hickerson; 
second place, Debbie Gumlick; third place, Jennifer 
Elkern. Miss Hickerson; a brunette wore a white 
backless outrage with white trim. To complete the 
motif, she wore white elbow gloves, looking all in all, 
very ... white. 

Debbie Gumlick wore a pink satin evening gown 
trimmed with white lace. She too, saw fit to complete 
her ensemble wi th white elbowers. 

Jennifer Ekern broke the monotony by wearing gold 
elbowers with basic black. 

And thus, the Perfect Posture Pageant came to a 
close, culminat ing almost a year of procrastination and 
one week of preparation. 

~ Imllllllllllll/lllllllllllll/lllllllllllll 11111111 II II 111111 1I1II1I1I1II1I1II1I1I1I1I1II1II1I1II1Il!! I .l.~!:t ~~d~~~~h~~~;; IN CONCERT FOR LIVE RECORDING 
MAY 3-4-5-8 
2 SHOWS NIGHTLY, 

EXCEPT SUNDAY. 
TICKETS $3.00 ADV. 

$3.50 DOOR. 
TICKET INFO 
753·3955 

LA PALOMA 
PACIFIC COAST HWY 
AT '0 ' ST . ENCINITAS 

FEDERICO 
....... ---..LLINI 

W.e.Fields In 
' .YOU t,.N'T CHEAT 

AN HONEST MAN' 
9:10 <e~~) 

J" Chinese Restaurant 
100 0 off dinner 

menu with swd n( I.D. 
MA Y WE SUGGEST 

OUR CHINESE 
= ~ 1 . ~ . j! SMORGASBOARO FOR = ~ A"'T 'i, i/~ WEEKOAYLUNCHES ~ 
= Jft ~ Ji ~ 1017 pro p ct I 1"111"~:~~~"~"'III"I11"""'''::'::':''''I11""J I, •• 

depend i ng on space 
availability. IMPORTANT!!I 
All ads must have your stu-
denl 10 number or they will 
nOI be considered. II you 
wish your ad to be longer 
Ihan the alloted space a 

small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewrilers are 
ava il ab le in the off ice. 
Deadlines are Mon. 9 a.m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed. 
5 p.m. lor the Fri. Issue. The 
ads will go In on a first come 
first serve basis. 

Parent' s Weekend ... 
continued from page 2 

1 :30 p.m.-3 :00 p.m. - Interested parents meet with 
Religious Affairs personnel - Inlernational Center 

1:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. - Interested parenls vis it classes 
with students or see attached list for other ideas. 

3:00 p.m.-4:40 p.m. - General discussions with 
students on their personal interpretations of Muir 
College. - Lounge Muir Apts. 

4:00 p.m.-4:30 p.m. - Parents Council reception for 
Provosts staff - Mandeville Suite 

4:30 p.m.-5 :30 p.m. - Parents Council and Provost's 
Re eption for parents with fa culty and staff Ruiz, Mills 
(Bio), Warrich (Mpth), TA Ms. Fruiche (lit) Christmas 
(Drama) - Mandeville Suite, 11th floor, Tioga Hall 

Until 6:30 p.m. - Muir Commons dinner hour 
8:00 p.m.-? - Small informal d iscussion groups; 

parents and students in small groups discussing signifi-
cant issues between college age students and their 
parents - Assemble in Apt Lounge, move in groups to 
dorm lou nges. 

7:30 p.m .-l1 :00 p.m. - Entertainment in 5&Dime 
Coffee House - Muir Commons 
Saturday, April 28 

9:00 a.m. - 11 :00 a.m. - Reception for new arrival s, 
Coffee, tea and donuts served - Lounge Muir Apts. 

9:00 a.m.-ll :00 a.m. - Tours of various academic 
depts. - Meet in Lounge Muir Apts. 

11 :00 d.m.-12 :00 p.m. - Small discussion groups with 
parents/ students on the college experience from the 
students perspective. - Meet in Lounge Muir Apts, 
move to dorm lou nges. 

12:00 p.m.-1 :00 p.m. - No host lunch in Commons 
with Provost Stewart speaking. - Eat togelher in North 
Dining Rm. 

1 :30 p.m .-3: 30 p.m. - Faculty/parent discussion on 
the goals of undergraduate education . - Room 1330 
H&SS Bldg. 

3:30 p.m.-4:30 p.m . - "Parents Feedback Hour" -
for us to hear your impressions of Muir College and 
student life. - Room 1330 H & SS Bldg. 

4:30 p.m.-S:30 p.m. - Parents Council and Provost 's 
Reception for parents, with faculty and staff. -
Mandeville Suite 

&:30 p .m.-10 :00 p.m. - Informal entertainment in 
5&Dime Coffee House. - Muir Commons 

Low Enrollment ... 
continued from page 2 
Mathematics, would be th e ca mpus most affected bt 
this shift in interest. 

Within UCSD there is a smaller example of 
reordering being done by students. Although the 
majority of the students at Revelle would not change 
'for the world', there are a growing number of 
Revellites who apply to become Muirites. And in 
freshman applications, the turn around shocked 
everyone. 

The quota of applications for Muir was 943 this year, 
Muir college received 1276. Revelle, traditionally the 
most popular by quite a bit, this year received only 984 
out of their projected 1089. It is estimated that 778 
freshman will register at Muir, 203 above quota, and 
that 609 wrll register at Revelle, 66 below quota. Third 
went the way of Revelle this year, but there a number 
of factors step in. 

When the three colleges are balanced out, UCSD just 
makes quota, with a margin of sixty five applications 'to 
spare'. Unless something drastic changes, UCSD will 
not make its quota next year. So says Ron Bowker, and 
he has been registrar here for 4'12 years. But something 
else' that he says, and that any others are now beginning 
to realize is, that education is not directly dependent 
on greater numbers of stude"ts, but is clirectly depen-
dent on more money. And without mon y, even a Joint 
Legislative Committee on Post Secondary Education 
will be unable to provide satisfactory solutions 10 the 
proglems of the university. 

two by: Roman Polanski 

BEST PICTURE OF THE YEAR! 
- NaftOM,1 So.rd 0' Re¥,ew 

I1om.ln PoIdnskos 
' '',n nl 

MACj~ETH 
.... ~ .. ,I_" I ......... , ,\ ................ 

.... ...40." I"wn.,\n I'''''~", kl _ K. .. ,n.',h ~n.u, 
... .-.... ,ht. \\'III .. un ~1k.·'4,,·.m' R 9:05 on ly 

ACADF,1\IIV 
1 11fof1'f1 .... .. 1 , ,.. .. , ~ h 

Pag 11 Friday, April 27, 1973 Triton Times 



.......................... announcements ...................................... . 
friday 

The UCS Surf Clu b IS 
showing tWo surf movies In 
the gym Friday night at 7:30 
p .m. Island Magic is fa irly 
recent 111m of perfecto in 
HawaIIan waves and North 
Swell IS a classIc 1959 movie 
of insane W lamea and 
Pipeline ridden for lhe flrsl 
time. among other Sp01S. 
Don't miSs these flics. With 
UCSD Id $1 00. Gen. $1 50 
tickets at the door (4/27) 

Come JOin us at a Sabbath 
dinner at 6 In the M uir 
Apartments Lounge A salad 
or a dessert would be ap-
preciated But If you can't 
bring one. Just bring yourself 
and share In lood. song. 
dance. and conversation. 
For more Information. call 
Joanne at 272-5939 (4/27) 
Friday. April 27 . PIANO-
CELLO DUO. 8:30 409 MC 
Jerri lee owen. plano. marltn 
owen. cello. (4 /27) 
Alpha Phi Omega IS clOSing 
tiS Book Exchange If you 
have books or an account 
WI h them. please close all 
transacllons dUring 'the week 
of Apr 23rd The Exchange 
IS located on the plaza Side 01 
Blake Hall on the Revelle 
campus and Will be open 
Irom 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Apr 
23rd thru the 27th Alpha Phi 
Omega and Revelle College 
Government Will no I:mger be 
responslbte for past ac -
counts following thiS date. 
(4/27) 

saturday 
" Attention A ll Musical 
Groups". On May 19. there 
will be a concert given on lhe 
soccer held . All Interested 
groups call : Harvey Daniels 
or Hymle Munoz at 45~-
2000. etx. 2107 or 2108. We 
need you 0 perform for 
" free" for 1/2 hour to 1 hour 
(5/18) 
A BOOK SALE will be held 
on Saturday and Sunday. 
May 5 & 6. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m . 
on the entrance walk to the 
Central University library. 
UCSD Many books in a 
variety 01 subject fields w ill 
be on sale at bargain prices. 
The Sale IS sponsored by 
The 'Frtends of the UCSD 
library. who Will use the 
proceeds from the sale to 
purchase much-needed 
books for the UCSD Univer-
sity libraries. Everyone IS 
InVited! (5/4 ) 

live entertainment at the 
Coffee Hut (In woods near 

Pag 

services 
Tool RentalS all med'a Claus von 
Wende's S!ud'o 2150 Jimmy Durante 
Blvrl OM (5/1) 
Auto Repair Welding Eng ine 
Rebulld,ng Low Rales 453-9368 
15/1) 
Illustralor oeeds work Calt 565-8033 
ask tor Pat 8-5. M·F (Sit) 

BMWSAAB 
CON IN ENTAL MOTORS 

60t So H.1t 
o 'anSlde 722·81 t4 
W, $'lrv10J a' makes 
of foreign cars (EF) 
BRUC~ NORA - manus~"pt 
typing ,1" ed iting servIce RUSSia 
/pogr •• h,.. 453 53~6 (4/27 ) 

personal 
Interesh C 
465t C. t 
Youre .11 
dpiJf bl)( 

flVlt 

Ra'ph R Marquel - I have your 
checkbook and stull Se Bruce 
B5B4073 /5/1) 

lost and found 
OST W· son T2000 Ten Racke Mu.r 

Caf M22 Call S' v' al 453 6 t31 
R "'ar1 No O'J" ,,".d /5/1) 

These components purchased 
Seperately Cost . . . . . . . 

High Performance Sound 
Bring the concert home to you with this high performance 

stereo system. We've carefully matched this system. with four 
great names combined to brtng you the best musical perfor· 
mance possible at thiS prtce. Come in and hear this quality 
stereo system and bring your most demanding records to play 

The Harman·Kardon 630 is a twin·powered AM·FM stereo 
receiver. Twin·power means a separate power supply a'ld 
power transformer for each channel. Th is design feature 
enables Harman·Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
watts. RMS. per channel. both channels operating into 8 ohms 
with less than .5% distort ion. INTERAUDIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music with dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigorous testing by the SYNCOM computer. the 
best speaker quality control system known today. The Dual 
1215·S automatic turntable is engineered with precision to give 
longer li fe to your records. The Shure M44·E magnetic cartridge 
with diamond stylus adds the finishing touch. The combined 
result Is sensational sound. 

Our Special System Price . ..... .. . . 

. $722.85 
.. $615 harman/ kardon til mg.·, ua (Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) 

Revelle Provost's Office ). 
8 :30 Saturday even ing. 
(4/27) 
Ba lkan Folk Dance Festival. 
Apri l 28. UCSD gym. 12-4 
p.m. & 7-9 p .m. Afternoon 

breier sound center 
3789 Park Blvd . - 296-0173 

Open Daily 9-5:30, Mon. & Fri. 9-9 

Bureau of Indian Affa irs 
be in g taken over in 
Washington D.C. last year. 
also issues surrounding 
WOUNDED KNEE will be 
discussed . (4/27) 

monday 
Monday. April 30. 7-9 p.m .• 
Graduate Student Council 
Meeting. Commons Room. 
Coast Apartments. Discus-

sion of election procedures 
for next years off icers . 
graduate student Internship 
in the Office of Graduate 
Studies. and the Graduate 
Student Newsletter. (4/27) 

workshop - $1 .50; entire --------------------------------------
evening - $2.00; package 
price - $3 .00; UCSD stu-
dents - $2.50. For informa-
tion call Bruce Hamilton . 
272-7450. (4/27) 

sunday 
Sun. April 29. 10:30-4 :30. 
Pottery & Crafts Fair. The 
Ch ll dren 's School. 3234 
Canon. POint Loma. (4/27) 
Sunday Apr il 29. Art -za-
Pop pin Festival Salk Institute 
12:00-4:00 Chamber Music 
Concert Robert Turner 8:30. 
409 MC. (4/27) 

Sid Mills: the first North 
Amer ican Indian to 
successfully withdraw from 
the U.S. Army on the 
grounds of Indian sovereign-
ty Will be guest lecture at 
UCSD on Sunday the 29 at 
2722 USB. REVELLE cam-
p",:; at 3 p.m .• there will also 
be a f ilm " WOUNDED 
KNEE". The presentation will 
have information regarding 
THE TRIAL OF BROKEN 
TREATIES which led to the 

lost Sat by fountain . Oft ·whlte wool 
blanket wi red. green. black stripes 
453·9034 (511 ) 
Gudeman's agricola & Germanla of 
Tacitus C School last 2 wk. Reward 
for return 270·0768 (511) 
Lost-male German Shep-2 yrs old-
Del Mar area - weaong tag - Call 
755-7989 alter 8 pm Re"'ard (511) 
Lost - Friday Apr 20. hght brown 
wallet. keep money. please return 
.rreplaceable cards Call Don 278· 
8053 (5/ 1) 

FOUND - Brown ""nglasses. 4-20. 
Upper MUir parking lot Call 453-9520 
beler .. to a m. (511) 
Founa - Cheap yellow ten·speed. 
Identify and pick up 453-0593 (511) 
LOST baseball m," In gym InTllals 
RMW ca!1 453 t636. can't catch bare· 
lor,c"':! ' .1I?71 

FOUND A Wilson Jack Kramner ten· 
n,s racket on Wed t 8th at the Revelle 
tenniS Court. Contact Jerry at 453· t2t7 
or rm 356 Argo (4/21) 

travel 
10th ANNUA L JE'T FLIGHTS 
EU ROPE from 5239 round -trip 
JAPAN Irom $359 roundirlp . NEW 
YORK Ap,,1 t4 22. $t72 round triP 
Call Fhght Chairman. 583- t297. 4246 
Ollerland Ave Dppt A Cuiller City 
90230 (6/8J 

wanted 
R.d 'ded to Senta 8arb.ra on 
T U"'S Ma,. tWill sher .penses 
P .ao;e call Neal 755·9050 (51t) 

Help Vietnam's Children through UNICEF 

A motherles Vietnamese child- one of many thou-
sands of small victims of the war-waits in his 
father's arms for help from the .United Nations 
Children's Fund. UNICEF is planning major re-
habilitation programs throughout Indo-China, to 
rebuild chools, orphanages and health centers, train 
nurses, teachers and social worker, and provide 
badly needed supplies. Public contributions may be 
sent to U.S. Committee for UNI EF, 331 Ea t 38th 
St., New York 10016. 

Need rider to San FranCISCo. Drive 
Sunday April 29. Call Joan 453-8 t 28. 
leave mess (4/27) 

RIDE WANTED Prompt employee 
needs ride With same. I have a car pool 
sticker but alas. no car! Reed and 
Ingraham Street area (P B) Please 
phone. ext 21t5 or 212-t494. ChriS (511) 
Anyone Interested In working on Ihe 
George Moscone (Gov Candidate '74) 
campaign contact Stephanie at 453-
0914 or leave a message at Xl t 76 by 
Mon the 30th SO a meeting can be 
arranged With hiS campaign manager 
to 'gel It together ' (511) 
HELP I need country & western 
albums to record for a play Just call 
the drama theater (4/27) 

Wanted$$ reasonably prlCod step-thru 
motoscootcr 565· 6655 alt r tOp m 
Kakee (4/27 ) 

housing 
Two Bdrm.. 1 bath. University City 
$205 unlurnlshed KIds & Pets OK 453 
8185 (4/27) 
t hOusema e. own room, Clelremont, 
$65/mo Call 272 7804 elle (5/1) 
Wanted t bdrm apt or houle Within 10 
mIl of UCSD Sept-Jun - Judy 
453·9034 (51t) 
Two Bdrm. 1 bath. carps and dr pas. 
cable TV Located near University CIty. 
near Sc"pps Ho prtal and UCSO. kids 
and pet ok 4134 Cam,nto TIClno. 
453 8185 (Sit) 

5 ud nt needS to renVsubt a pI 
fnear school) for the summer Call 
Lenny 453·9178 (Sit) 

NEED Two people to share one room 
!n 2 BR house Call 755-29t5 (511) 
Urgently need Quiet inexpenSive place 
to stay. Ruth George 753·8621 eves 
(4/27) 

for sale 
'7t Volvo 142s 4 Sp t8k Mich tires 
LOVing care makes thiS car a beauty 
$2750 450-0t05 (4/27) 
For Sale. '70 VW Camper-Van. 10-
mileage. excellent condilion. Call Terl 
Burgess. 232-2111. (5/1) 
BEAUTY! An AM·FM -SW - Police -
Air Weather powerlul mulU·band radiO 
New cond!tlon Must sell . $33 Fay. 
272-1303 (511) 
t 970 YAMAHA 250cc TWin DS 6. 
EXIra Clean t2.ooo miles $350 00 Call 
459-0165 (51t) 
TURNTABLE - RealistiC LAB 12A $25 
wi base & cover Only used Sundays 
by old lady John 270·307 t (511) 
FOR SALE '72 Datsun Coup 25.000 
miles. take over payments Call Terl 
Burgess 232·2tlt (Sit) 
Used 200 CM Head 360 skill Used 
less than 20 da $60, Juhe or Dave. 
272-t 374 (511) 
FOr Sal '66 Dataun f 600 Sports new 
tlr S. brakes. paint. xlnt cond $850 or 
10 Call Bob 453-0457 (511) 
S.v these pupp!e from the pound 
Great mIX Shep Samoyed. Lab 
Smart too Friendly 8nr cliVe watchdog 
companIOns 7 wkl 755 · 590 (511) 
SEIKO LADIES WATCH. New With 
warr Cost $100. II for $60 ~53· 
2768 (Sit) 

Air conditioner for 1971 or 72 VW 
Super Beetle - Xlnt shape, best oller. 
Dave. 453-3534 (511) 
Four 14" x 6" Chevy mags and Ures 
With V W adapters 755-0337 (511) 
STEREO HEADPHONES -
EXCELLENT CONDITON - $tO Call 
EriC 4533392. (Sit) 
INEXPENSIVE STEREOI Realtone 
AMIFM MullTplex receiller-amphfler 
30 wans bOoksheli spaakers. Argo 626 
453-0961 . (511) 
For Sale: Toyota. Mark II 70. wllh air 
radio. clock. radials. stereo. Call 465-
5506 alter 6:00. (511) 
For Sale: Spalding "smasher" 
aluminum tennis racket. Gut stringed 
Excellent condilion. only $25 (new 
$50) Call 225-0887 alter 5:30 p m 
(5It) 

to·speed bIcycle Top Shape. super 
hghtwelQht. only 22 IbfI Sew· up tires. 
alloy frame. a steal at $100 753-2367 (511) 
For sale' Good doubte manreS8 and 
box springs $ to Must be able to ptck· 
up 753-5890. (511) 
For Sale. '68 Honda, 90 scooter. axC. 
cond side boxes. helm t Included $200 ~540650 (511) 
26 gal aquarium Ihow lank with 
gravel. fli rs. Illent giant pump. 535. 
453-t451 (511) 
For S 7'5" Mike Hynson eeml'gun 
ullr. light $50 firm 453 1 9 (Sit) 
22 gal aquarium WIth filters end gravet. 
$10. Surfboard $20. Randy. ~53 
t45t (Sit) 

monday 
Soaring Club Ground 
School : Monday. 4130 7:30 
p.m. 2C-l11 O. The topiC wilt 
be the Wonderful World of 
lift. All are welcome. (4/27) 

APIS SEMINAR. SPEAKER' 
Dr. Hal Vra of Aerospace 
Corporation. SUBJECT: Tur-
bulent Optics. PLACE: 4218 
2A. TIME: 12:00 Noon. Mon-
day. April 30. (4/27) 

A cordial invitation is ex-
tended to all to attend a 
Gospe l Meet i ng w it h 
preaching by Peter J. Wilson 
of Salem. Oregon, April 30-
May 6; nightly 7:30. SundAy 
10 a.m. and 6 p.m. The 
meetings will be held at the 
Church of Christ located at 
4790 Seminole Drive. San 
Diego (off 6400 EI Cajon 
Blvd. - a few blocks east of 
San Diego State) . (4/27) 

Seminar in Environmental 
Studies: Sponsored jointly by 
AMES/Chemical-Physics. 
Dr . Ulr ich Merten, Gulf 
Research & Development 
Company. Pittsburgh, Penn-
sylvania will present a 
seminar on "Coal liquifac-
tion" Mon. April 30, 1973. 3-
4 p.m. Room 7104 Urey Hall. 
(4/27) 

Conference for Creative 
Ignorance May 1, 12-3 p.m. 
in the lower Muir Commons 
there wifl be a Festival Of Life 
and Learning. Come and 
help? Learn and teach at one 
time. If you have a skill , craft 
or idea that you would like to 
share with others. come by 
the Student's Educational 
Cahanfe and Development 
Center in the Lower Muir 
Commons and get in touch 
with others like you . Its fun. 
Call x2516. (4/27) 

An exhibition of Renaissance 
plaques and medals from the 
Morgenroth Collection in 
Santa Barbara and fac -
simifes of manuscripts by 
Leonardo de V inci and 
Nicolaus Copernicus will be 
on display in the Central 
Un ivers ity Library Lobby 
from May 1-20. (5/18) 

Monday Aprif 30 at 3:30 in 
the Sumner Auditorium. the 
SIO Department Seminar will 
be given by Dr. John D. 
Mudie, Assistant Prof. of 
Geophysics at SIO. The title 
is - Small Scale Features of 
the Ocean Floor. Free coffee 
and cookies before Ihe 
meeting. (5/27) 

PEUGOT PA to w!tubular tyres. white. 
xlnt condo MUST SELl. Cost $150 sell 
5 t 20 453-0328 (511) 
Kokusal 10-speed·VG cond .. many 
extras $ 145/0fter Call Dave. 453· 
1951. (5/1l 
For sale: Gallbler Vercor hiking boots. 
In good condition. $30 Call PaUl, 755-
6833. (511) 
Need 1 or 2 10 share house In Clmt for 
summer Call Rick or Shelly 565-8409 (511) 
Sell me a good used desk lamp (Neon?) or electric alarm clock-Karl 
453-3392 (muir k-2) (511) 
garrard 40b turntable grado fcr ca~. 
$35 PH 270-1796. (511) 
For sale '60 VW Bus, blue· green & 
white all wood & cloth inside. bed In 
rear. 4 new Michelin redia Is. rebUilt 
engine & .Iranamlssion 12000 mi.; 
5950/oller. T Baln x t 226 (Sit) 
TURNTABLE·ReahstIC LAB 12A-$25 
wlbase & cover. Only used Sundays 
by old lady. John 270-3071 . (4/27) 
'67 Alia Romeo GTV 2+2 Exc. cond 
New tires. brakes. and paint. Low ml. 
38.000. 51600 Jell 459-6825 (~/21) 
'11 Honda 115 CL 4000 ml .. $450 or 
best off r Like new 453·8134. 232· 
732t alter 5 p m. (~ /27) 
Slereo Burglar Alarm Loud Alarm 
S.gnftls Theft Works Good 5 fO George 
453-9368 (4/21) 

'68 Mustang 6 cyt 3 apd atefeotape$. 
Runs good Orlg owner call B<uce "' 
Encinitas ~36-0828 (4/27 ) 

1 wo 51 50 eeels 10 Et'l1 concert for 
S14. Call 280·4683 .lIer 8 p m (4/27) 


