
Senate Meeting Considers Due Proc'ess of Lettau Suspension 
Gerald Owyang 

The case of Reinhard Lettau, tenured 
professor of literature at UCSD, provided 
one of the main items of interest at the 
recent meeting of the San Diego Division 
of the Academic Senate. A lengthy discus-
sion on the topic occurred between the 
American Federation of Teachers and the 
Committee on Privilege and Tenure in an 
attempt to resolve the problem at the 
conference held last Tuesday at UCSD. 

Professor Lettau received an interim 
suspension of five days with forfeiture of 
pay for tapping a black Marine recruiter 
on the cap with a newspaper last 
November 7,1972 during a demonstration 
to protest the presence of military 
recruiters here on campus. That evening, 
lettau was notified by George S. Murphy, 
Vice Chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs, that his consent to remain on the 
San Diego campus had been withdrawn, 
effective immediately. If lettau returned 
to the campus during the two weeks 
following the notice, he would be found 
guilty of violating Section 626.4 of the 
Penal Code of the State of California, 
which in effect allows the Chancellor or a 

Volume 18, Number I 

person designated by him to suspend the 
right of a person to be on University 
property in order to maintain order on 
the campus. 

The next day, Dean Murphy and 
Chancellor McElroy conferred with one 
another and the resulting action was that 
the Chancellor dropped the original 
sentence and reduced the suspension to 
one day pending Lettau's acceptance or a 
hearing or five days' suspension without 
pay. 

Since that time, fifteen members of the 
San Diego Division of the Academic 
Senate forwarded a petition to the Ex-
ecutive and Policy Committee, requesting 
that the Academic Senate consider three 
resolutions that concern themselves with 
due process in handling disciplinary 
matters: 

Resolution No. 1: 
The Academic Senate censures the ad-

ministration for its failure to follow 
procedures set forth in Section 112(C) of 
the Academic Senate By-laws in its ac-
tions taken against Professor Richard Let-
tau on November 8, 1972. 

Resolution No. 2: 

The Academic Senate calls for the im-
mediate rescinding of that action and 
return of the five days of forfeited pay to 
Professor lettau. 

Resolution No. 3: 
The Academic Senate calls on the newly 

appointed Executive and Policy Com-
mittee Subcommittee on Faculty Conduct 
charged with formulating guidelines 
dealing with the investigation of 
allegations of faculty misconduct and the 
conduct of disciplinary proceedings, to 
include in its charge the following: 

a) that it draft a unified Code of 
Conduct and unified procedure for 
its implementation, applicable to all 
members of the Academic Senate, 
both faculty and administration; 

b) that this code and its implemen-
tation procedures be clearly written 
to include all disciplinary procedures, 
replacing the present division of such 
procedures among such documents 
as the Academic Senate By-laws, the 
Policy and Procedure Manual, and 
the Standing Orders of the Regents; 

c) that it recommend to the 
Academic Senate means for making 

University of California, San Diego 

legal counsel available to Senate 
members for University related 
matters. 

One professor, speaking in behalf of 
the American Federation of Teachers, 
presented the above resolutions to the 
Academic Senate, charing that the ad-
ministration had violated lettau 's right to 
due process. However, another professor 
argued the case that since Chancellor 
McElroy had utilized his right of Penal 
Code 626.4, lettau's case was out of the 
jurisdiction of the Academic Senate. But 
when the Chancellor rescinded the 
suspension to give lettau a choice of 
either filing charges to the Committee of 
Privilege and Tenure or suspension with 
forfeiture of pay for five days, this 
professor reported that lettau chose the 
latter. But at lettau's request, an investiga-
tion was begun to see if due process was 
implemented. He reported that due 
process had not been violated. 

But the contention of the AFT-UCSD is 
that: 

1. Section 112(C) of the By-Laws of the 
Continued on page 7 

Friday, February 23, 1973 

CALPIRG Releases Retail Survey 
Rick Drom 

Which grocery stores in San Diego actually have the 
lowest prices? This question concerns every consumer 
at a time when all stores seem to claim "total discount" 
and "best buys." 

Steve Brault, a junior at Muir, has been working with 
Cal-Pirg to answer this question. He releilsed his 
findings in a Cal-Pirg news conference Tuesday. 

Brault began working on the question of relative 
food prices last quarter as an economics project. His 
goal was to survey grocery stores in order to compare 
prices of similar items. 

Cal-Pirg recognized the value in such a study and 
gave both manpower and supplies to the project. last 
quarter Brault published a preliminary report of his 
findings in the TRITON TIMES. 

Since then Brault has refined his technique and 
expanded the project to cover all of San Diego county. 
The data for this study was collected on February 8th 
and 9th when Brault, Cal-Pirg volunteers, members of 
the Naval Reserve Officer's School, and members of 
senior citizens groups canvassed the county. 

They reached 72 stores of the 9 major grocery chains 

in the county. Each volunteer recorded the prices of 70 
similar items in each store. These items ranged from 
meats, dairy products and produce to non-food items. 

The data was punched onto computer cards and then 
fed into a computer program and processed with the 
UCSD computer. 

In order to make sense out of this mass of data, Brault 
organized the items into nine basic categories. With 
the help of his economic advisor, Dr. Richard 
Schalensee, Brault weighted each of the categories, as 
well as each of the items on it, according to Federal 
statistics on proportions of income spent per item. 

For example, 10 per cent of the average American 
grocery bill is spent on dairy products. Of this 10 per 
cent, consumers spend approximately 23 per cent for 
milk, 20 per cent for eggs, etc. Brault explained that the 
prices recorded at each store were weighted by these 
percentage factors in order to determine the 
significance of each price. • 

The store which had the lowest price for a given 
category was rated 0.0; all other prices were compared 
to this price. The percentage difference in price from 

Continued on page 2 

CALPmo RETAIL FOOD PRICE SURVEY. 

Copyright 19731 CALPIaO Date of sun.,. : February 8-9, 1973 

Catel!orl FedMart Food Basket Sa!evy Alpha Beta I'ig Bear It Mart Brad.havlI Vans 

Meate (28~)" 0.0 S.3 1.2 1J.4 4.9 S.8 4.1 14.4 

117 (1~) 0.0 4:4 2.9 .3.6 2.S 6 • .3 8.S 8.S 

ProdllC eO.) 0.0 2.S 2.7 10.1 S.2 16.5 12.0 11.2 

~'ro •• n Food. 0.0 0.2 0.2 1 • .3 4 • .3 1.8 S.4 S.o 
(16) 

CaMed Fruih 0.8 0.9 .3.0 0.0 12.8 4.2 12.1 6.S 
" Vega. (S:C) 
Bakery'" 0.0 0.8 1.4 1 • .3 1.0 2.S 6.0 S • .3 
Cereal. (7~) 

Staplea (S~) 2.8 .3.2 4.6 0.0 4.1 4.4 9.8 6.8 

Milc. Prepared 
FOOd. (m) 

0.0 2.6 JoS 2.7 6.3 ).8 11.6 9.1 

Non-Food., (14~) 2.4 4.6 4 • .3 0.0 8.9 10.S U.S 13.1 

TOI'AL (lcQ) 0.0 ).1 3.9 S.s S.9 6.3 9.0 11.3 

• Tabl. entrle. are price •• J!PI' .... d .. percentall'l. aboYe t.ha 1_.t. priced .t.ora 111 each cateflOl'l. 

.. lluleer. 111 parent.haH. are percent. ... of ... ra .. o_r .......".t. .pand1ll1 ~ NCh oa"~. 

Mytair 

19.3 

9.5 

1)05 

9.8 

1 • .3 

10.4 

10.2 

12.0 

9.) 

14.S 

VV A W spokesman Barry Romo in a talk he 
delivered at the home of UCSD Professor of 
Philosophy, Richard Popkin. 

VVAW -Searching 
For New Directions 

Hannah Cohen 
The Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW) are 

turning their activities to other directions since the 
Vi tnam war ha b n settled. Barry Romo, a Vietnam 
veteran and poke man for the VVAW, made thi 
announcement to a mall group of concerned citizen 
at the la Jolla home of UCSD Philosophy professor 
Richard Popkin on unday, February 11 . 

Romo complet d a thirt en month tour of duty in 
Vietnam. It wa becau of this tou .. of duty that h 
turn d against th U.S. involvem nt in outhea t ia. 
Upon indu tion into the army, Ramo had felt that th 
Vietnam War wa worth fighting, but p rsonal ob er-
vation of the slaught ring of Vi tnarne e civilian by 
Am ri an bombing attack and th lad. of cr dibilityof 
th U .. governm nt can rning the lVar changed hi 
mind. Th were two of the r a on why h join d 
VV Wand why h ha pok n out publically on 
national T. V. again t th war. Hi national app arance 
includ on on " Th Today hv .... " dllU dll dlJIJ dldll 
on Walt r Cronkite's CB N w . 

Now that "Th U .. will not continu it militar 
involv m nt or int rv n in th int rnal affair of 
outh i tnam" ( rti I 4 of th Pari Agr ment), 

Barry Romo and th Vi tnam V t ran of California ar 
turning th ir en r i to h Ip with th r building of 

Continued on page 7 



Amateur's Hour (Ted Mack-where are you?) 

Small Things ... 
... If you have received your ballot for the senatorial 

race but are undecided as to how to vote, information 
on the candidates has been posted on the bulletin 
board in Cluster One Library .... 

... Recover from midterms with a visit to some distant 
relatives. Take a trip to the San Diego Wild Animal Park 
on Saturday, Feb. 24. The Bus leaves Urey Hall parking 
lot at 9 a.m. Contact P.E. office for details (X2282) . ... 

... Science fiction freaks and war-mongers are invited 
to attend the Saturday Nite Movies in the Gym. See 
"M.A.S.H." and "2001 : A Space Odyssey." Tickets are 
75¢ for UCSD students and staff and are on sale at the 
Urey Hall Box Office. "Sky and Blood" will begin at 8 
p.m .... 

... Pre-meds and pre-dents please read on : There will 
be a very important meeting for all students who will 
be applying to medical or dental schools this summer. 
It will be held on Feb. 26 at 7:30 p.m. in Rm. 1105 BSB. 
Procedures and a calendar of events will be discussed. 

... An Individual Secretarial Learning Laboratory will 
begin Friday, March 2 on Revelle Campus, Humanities 
Building, Room 228. Classes will meet each Friday 
through June 15 from 1 to 4 p.m. 

Curriculum will cover typing at all levels - begin- -
ning, brush-up and advanced . This is an excellent 
opportunity to develop new or upgrade existing job 
skills. 

The class, sponsored by the North Shores Adult 
School (273-3221), is open to adults over 18 years. Pre-
registration is necessary to insure a place in class. 

. 

Jewish Culture 
The Jewish Culture Foundation of CO;1gregation Beth 

Tefilah, the Community Synagogue of San Diego, 4967 
69th Street, will open its Third Annual Spring Semester of 
adult Jewish studies tonight at 8 p.m., according to an 
announcement by co-chairmen Dr. Ira Goldstein and Dr. 
Burton Jay. The spring semester will continue for eight 
weeks until Friday night, April 14th. 

The courses of study for the Friday night programs are: 
1. "4-DIMENSIONAL STUDY-IN-DEPTH OF THE 

BIBLE" - A series by Rabbi Samuel Penner, Director of 
the Jewish Culture Foundation . 

2. "ZIONISM AND ISRAEL TODAY" - A discussion 
and study group on the contemporary relevance of 
Zionist ideology. Lecturer : Dr. Harry Ru ja, Professor of 
Philosophy, California State University . 

3. BEGINNERS HEBREW READI NG & ENRICHMENT-
A study group for all who wish to participate 
knowledgeably in Hebrew Liturgy. Instructor ' Mrs. Ann 
Wilson, Associate Administrator, Beth Tefilah Schools. 

4. "JEWISH FOUNDATIONS OF WESTERN RELIGION" 
- Rabbi Penner, who lectures on Biblical & Post-Biblical 
Judaism at UCSD and California State University will 
survey the clevelopment of western religions out of 
Judaic origin',. , 

A new Sund ~y Morning Coffee and Forum Series will 
also be offer ~d to the community on " Everything You 
Always Want !d To Know About Judaism But Were Afraid 
To Ask." TI- e series will begin on Sunday morning, 
February 25tl " from 11 a.m. to noon , with Rabbi Penner 
as leader. TI- e entire commullil y is we lrnme. 

I 

REGAL NOTES 
UNDERSTAND PLAYS, NOVELS AND POEMS 

FASTER WITH OUR NOTES 

Cilsh prizes are the lure in a newly evolvinS talent 
show at UCSD, and not since Major Bowes wrung the 
collective necks of America's budding new stars has the 
entertainment field been so gallantly on the run for its 
money. 

The Campus Programming Board in association with 
the Revelle Residence Hall Committee is sponsoring a 
talent variety show next quarter, and auditions are 
being held February 27 to review the challengers 
before the final competition. Awards of $100 for first 
place, $50 for second and $25 for third are being 
offered to winners in the two separate categories of 
musical and non-musical entertainment. 

Bennett McClellan of the Drama Department is 
organizing the show, and he emphasizes that it is 

Commedia dell' 
Arte Premieres 

One of history's greatest theatre forms , the 
Commedia dell' Arte, has found its way to UCSD. The 
campus is to be the site for the world premiere of a 
"new unblemished work" of Commedia de ll' Arte 
entertainment, cautiously titled "Fruits Of Passion." 

"Fruits" is the fruit of the labors of a band of sixteen 
dedicated players known as The Company Ubbriaco, 
brought to the campus under the auspices of the UCSD 
Drama Club (who produced "The Bald Soprano", 
"Crawling Arnold", and "The Dumbwaiter" last 
spring). Their vehicle is a lightning-lightning-paced 
comic scenario filled with the slap-stick, off-color 
humor, and vicious sight gags that marked the original 
Commedia. 

Originally, the Commedia dell' Arte was a totally 
improvised theatre, using stock characters such as 
Pantalone, Arlecchino (harlequin), Pulchonella 
(Punch), Scaramouche, Pierrot and the like, who 
employed what has since become the standard comic 
devices, such as slapstick, ribaldry, " devlish puns", and 
vicious caricatures, and combining these elements into 
a tight comic siiuation . 

The Company Ubbriaco has revived the characters 
and put them into a new situation which continues the 
age-old conflicts of youth versus old, rich versus poor, 
wife versus husband, while maintaining the original 
brilliant costuming, props, and masks. 

The basic story of " Fru its Of Passion" is too intricate 
to simply relate, but could be called a sort of love 
dodecahedron which can only serve to show exactly 
what the fruits of passion might be. 

Due to pressing engagements, the company will have 
only two on-campus performances on Saturday, 
February 24 and Sunday, February 25th, both at 8 p.m. 
Courtesy of the Drama Club, admission is free, but due 
to a seating capacity of 195 for each performance, 
tickets are necessary to insure a seat. Tickets are 
available at the Urey Hall Office and if space allows, at 
the door. Performances are at the UCSD Theatre, 203 
Matthews Campus (behind the bookstore). 

"Fruits of Passion" will be presented on campus 
by The Company Ubriaco, featuring imprOVisa-
tion, slapstick and a Commedia dell' Arle theater. 

principally a variety event in the framework of a talent 
show. "We're looking for the more timid students who 
have talent to branch out for an evening to offer their 
skills for the show. People here tend to keep to 
themselves. The prize money will hopefully bring them 
out, but the real objective is a fun show. The auditions 
on February 27 will narrow the field to ten acts, five in 
each category; and then the process of editing, 
arrang ing and polishing will begin ." • 

The selection panel for both the auditions and the 
final show will consist of Floyd Gaffney, Bert Turetzky, 
Bennett McClellan and another student from the 
Program Board yet to be named . All UCSD students are 
invited to participate. Call EDNA for audition times 
before 8 p.m. on Monday. 

CALPIRG ... Continued from page 1 
this lowestprice was then noted on a chart. The price 
of meat at Food Basket, for example, is 5.3 per cent 
higher than Fed Mart's price, the lowest meat price of 
the nine chains surveyed. 

Brault emphasized that this project is by no means an 
endorsement or a condemnation of a particular store. 
It was not intended to make a sensational story about 
food prices. In fact the chart and the facts are 
copyrighted by Cal-Pirg and may not be used for any 
advertising purposes. 

Brault hopes that consumers will realize exactly what 
price variations there are at different grocery chains . 
Direct compa rison is not always wise, however, 
because other factors such as service and location 
should be kept in mind. 

Because of the success of this survey Brault is looking 
forward to preparing another survey that relates store 
prices to geographical location. Present data is now 
only a composite of stores in a particular chain. Brault 
discovered that all the stores in a chain did not have the 
same prices; some were significantly higher or lower. 

The executive director of Cal-Pirg, Dan Franklin, said 
at the press conference that other Pirg 's across the 
country had done similar surveys with much success. A 
Pirg study in Hawaii resulted in a lowering of food 
prices by 4 per cent. 

Franklin said that anyone interested in this surveyor 
Cal-Pirg can contact him at his downtown office at 236-
1509. The Cal-Pirg headquarters at UCSD, in the Muir 
fishbowl, can be contacted at X1030. 

Spring 
Silower 

Book 
Sale 

While 
They 
Last 

Special 
Selection, 
UpTo 

1/2 
Off! 

BOOKS for people inreresred in people- baller·movies·tropical 
flsh-arr-ships- encycfopedias-erorica·dogs-calS-horses and 
much, much more. 

. 1 the 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

X1360 
8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., Mon.-Fri. Closed Sal. 

SUMMER TRAVEL 1873 fun-stop 
shopping 
Al"t iques, books, candles, fountains, jewelry, leather, macrame, I 

European Charter Flights - Youth and Excursion 
Fares - Student Steamship Fares - Eurall and 
BrltRall Passes - Greyhound Amerlpass - Auto 
Rental. Lease and Purchase - Youth Hostels -
International Student Identity Cards We're new and we're the biggestl Thousands of topics 

reviewed for quicker understanding. Our subJecls Include not 
only English, but Anthropology, Art, Black Studies, Ecology, 
Economics, Education, History, Law, MUSIC, Philosophy, 
Political SCience, SOCiology and Urban Problems Send $2 for 
your calal99 ot topics available. 

REGAL NOTES 
3160 "O" tree!, N.W. 

I paintings, pots-in fact , everything for the person who doesn 't 
have everyth ing . 3780 Mission Blvd. in old Mission Beach . Phone I 
4B8·352l. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 :30 om to 9:00 pm - Fri. 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm - Sot. 10:00 om to 5:30 pm- Sun. 11 :30 am to 5:30 pm. 

You'll find full information on these and many other 
dollar-saving travel tips In our new ~ummer Bulletin 

call or write for free copy 
FARGO TRAVEL SERVICE 

5884 Hardy Avenue, San Diego, 92115 
TEL: 288-0503 Washington, D.C. 20007 

Telephone: 202333-0201 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, February 23, 1973 
., t ... ~ ' . i.,', ,' , 1 ~ I 

YA yum (adjacent to the San Diego Slale University) 

• 
In Reply 

Kris Mkhel 

Without belaboring a poin t, I was under the impression that most artists could not 
~ossib l y be riled by an article in the TRITON TIMES for which they obviously hold 
little regard . Why then, we might ask, did Brian Connell, Jerry Garner, Wade 
Saunders, Darrell Westlake, and Michael Kelly expend so much energy in defending 
their ~r~ by blatantly slammi~g the critic. and the TRITON TIMES instead of clearly 
explalnrns what they really rntended With their sculptures? It seems to be vogue 
recently for art students to present a rebuttal in defense of their art. Therefore as . 
one of th~ few art critics writing fo r the TRITON TIMES, I would like to take this 
opportu nity ~o defend myself, first , as an art critic and secondly, as a member of the 
art community. 
.. 1 do not purp.o.rt. to be a critic with fantastic knowledge or vocabulary in all of the 
rdloms of art critICism. I also admit that sometimes it is difficult for me to articulate 
an~thing meaningful about most art thet I view in the UCS D Art Gallery, since most 
of It leaves me unmoved. Aft~r only a few months of attempting to judge the art 
presented there, I am beco,,!,rng more and more aware that the art community at 

UC~D, as well as elsewhere, IS confused about art and its function in relationship to 
society. 

Do not misunderstand me. I recently, myself, made a decision about art in 
relationship to my life, and find that making art and being confused about it (most of 
the time anyway) is far more exciting and rewarding than being bored with 
mat.hematical formulas, programming computers, or conducting biological ex-

pe~l,,!,ents, among oth.er t~ings. But far more important than this, I feel that my 
oprnlon as a hu~~n berng, rnterested in the making of art and totally involved in that 
process myself, IS Important as someone who has been involved in the whole process 
for a .number of years. I admit that I am no expert - far from it. In terms of 
experience and knowledge about creative artistic endeavors I would certainly have 
to be labeled a novice. ' 

When I was asked to review and criticize a few art exhibits it was made clear te me 
that all. opinions .that I e.xpressed would be solely mine. Sin'ce that time I am slowly 
becoming acquainted With some of the terms and concepts used in and about the art 
world. However, how does a critic capture and hold the attention of his readers if he 
does not occasio.nally present an opinion diametrically opposing those of his readers, 
fellow artists, or Instructors? In this process, if the critic does not find and use some of 
his own adjectives in describing what he has been shown, then he becomes a mere 
echo of a multitude of descriptive phrases or words that , quite honestly, he finds to 
be a hodgepodge of worthless information. 

Wh~t .1 do ask .myself, when I am co~fronted with an art piece, are three questions. 
What. IS It? How IS I.t made? And most Importantly, how does it affect me as a person? 
The .f~r~t two. questions are easy.'o a~swer an~ ~ight be called the objective aspect of 
a entrc s review. Th~ I~st queslr?n I ~ more difficult to a~swer and requires a totally 
honest response . ThiS IS the subjective aspect of my review and sometimes, when I 
am o~erwhelmed with either ~ositive or negative feelings about an exhibit, it 
sometlr:nes becomes reflected In the objective parts of my writing. For this I 
apologize and can only attempt a more clearcut distinction between the two in the 
future . 

-L _ 
------

r-
I 

-- ------ - I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

l 

. 

BLUEGRASS 
COUNTRY 
CONCERT 

featuring 
CALIFORNIA COUNTRY 

Blugrass/Country Music Group 

& 
DAVID EVANS 

Blue inger 

FRIDA Y, Feb. 23rd 
8:30 P.M. 

U CSD Student 
Free 

-----

Revelle Cafeteria 

All Others 
SI.SO 

-------

- - --

I 

~ 
-

I 
I 
I 

I 

I 

I 
I 

The Artist as Entrepreneur 
and Voyeur 

Sandy Dijkstra 

If an artist tell s you that "Art is real ity", and in the next breath explai ns that it 
d~pe.n?s upon an agre~ment betwee~ the artist and the spectator/ participant, upon 
a Willingness to conSider the experrence as fallin g with in the domain of art" as 
Martha R?sler says, then a certain inconsistency becomes appare nt. ' 

If an artls~ m~kes the h!ghly rhetorical statement that art shouldn 't be "caged", and 
~oes on to Justrfy her/ .hls art work on !he basis that it is after all fram ed - removed 
rom the context of life and placed In an art gallery - then the contrad ictions 

become rampant . 
It becomes clear that the artist, Ms. Rosier, bel ieves that art and life are indeed 
s~parate. Fo! t? den~ that art exists as separate from reality, and then to proceed to 
discuss art, IS inconsistent. 

If we now agree that art exists, we can discuss it. 
.1. Fo~ me, the ques!i<?n"of "whet~er something is. art" ~ n cl udes the qual itat ive 
~Imensl~n of whether It IS good art. Thus, the question arrses : was Rosier an artist 
rn creatrng her Garage Sale or merely a more self-conscious than usual garage sale 
vendor? 

2. The. "Southern ~elle theory of. art:' is not what I'm opting for . Art must not 
necessarily. be ennobling. However,. If It IS to free us from our habits of perception, it 

mu~t no.' Simply re~roduce those vIstas of normal reality which imprison us. I don't 
believe In the functron of the pedestal in art or in relations between sexes or classes. 
But an art which seeks "an integration into our culture" offers little more than a 
"suffocation in what is ." Certillinly we don't have to choose' between effete prettiness 
and b,milll representilltion of dillily life "illS is." 
. 3. Th~ question of whether ar.t will ~ave a function in utopia unfortunately is not of 
Immediate ~o~cern to r:ne. Untrl reality ceases being Ugly and Destructive, art must 
nudge and Irrrtate reality, rather than seeking integration into it. 

4. ~~. Rosier defines the word "nat~ral" as: "If something happens in the world, 
t~e~ It I.S natural, thought not .automatlcally desirable." (In order to justify the lack of 
dl.strn~tIOn she w.1.nts ~o pOSit between art and reality.) I disagree : I don' t think 
N,xon s massive bo mbrng of North Vietnam can be called " naturaL" It was the 
calculated plan of a man whose acts are rarely "naturaL" (In the same way Rosier 's Gara~e Sale" as she was at pains to explain, was not Nature, but art. The problem was 
that It wasn t noticeable to the viewer, or at least not to me.) 

5. To what extent ~re private-games-as-art allowable, necessary or praiseworthy in 
the~e days of tht;! Nixon mandate to recycle the poor? Rosier 's private pleasure at 
posing qu~stions and playin~ ga~es ("engaging the spectators") bespeaks a level of 
self-consCIousness and m~nlpu.latlon beyond the needs of you r " naive" garage sale 
vendor (rom whom she d,stantlates herself and for whom survival not art is at limes 
at stake. She may have enjoyed it but it was an entirely private' voyeuristic game 
secret until decoded in her article, and the message was lost on me. ' 

6. I don't as~ at a 1.1 for a.rt which is a "ghostly echo floating over the wate r", but 
rather for art rn ~hlch private .games touch unlightly on public sores and expose 
~hem. ~nless. habits of perception are broken by the artist, unless she/ he refuses 
Integratron Into wha.t is, such "uncomfortable" art is impossible. Fo r th is reason, 
and because boundaries between art and real ity do exist , as Rosier's contradictions 
make clear, these should be exploited by the artist. Artists may suffer co-optation but 
they should not offer themselves up for it . 

7. The ~entimental! materialist view of most " naive" ga rage salespersons would 
concur With Ms. Rosier 's ~,iew th.at "garage sales are about. the hope of retrieving 
some va!ue from a c~stoff , and In no way negates the testrmony garage sales give 

~on.cernlng the domlnat~on 0~ Obsolescence as a way ~f life. Garage sales are the 
indices of was~~ ~nd prollf~ratro.n produced by a hypnotrzed people trai ned to th ink 
that the acquIsItion of objects In some way enhances their lives and defi nes their 
beings. (So, we all profit ... ) 

7a. I am not nostalgic for those World Fa irs of the 19th century; they mark the 
apog~e of the weste~n ur~e to digest and then exhibit the disgorged remnants of 
colonized cultures With prrde. I don't lament the "awe and titillat ion" of spectators 
before those objects; I think the spell still exists and needs to be brok en. 

8. If Ms. Rosier wants art to move out of museums and become a part of life she 
should not put her work in art galleries. And, she shouldn 't call it " art." , 

9. Art should not beautify in the sense of Mrs. Nixon's " Let's Beautify Amer ica" 
prograr,n. It should make visJble ~nd , perhaps, try to show us the way out of here. If 
the artists can no longer f.'nd , .'n?eed no longer seek free space, if they simply 
recreate the ma~k.etplace rn minIature and play the voyeuristic game of a ri ch 
ent!epreneur, priVileged enough to enjoy the possibility of voyeuristic games, the n 
all IS lost. Art. b.ecomes harmless fu~ worthy of the rich endowment by the federa l 
government It IS scheduled to receive. (Nowadays, education hea lth welfare and 
public broadcasting are more dangerous and art to be cut d(asticaIlY.) 

.. • M ::'A':: S ::: H' is what 
the new freedom 
of the screen is all about." 20 - RIchard SchlC ~e /. Life 

;"'''' 11;1 , I 
An Ingo Premlnger Product ion iR! 
Color by DE LUXE· PanaVISion ' ~ 

M *A*S*H and 2001 
UCSD GYM 

Sat., Feb. 24 
8:00 P. M. 75¢ 

Advance Tickets at Urey Hall 

Page 3 Friday, February 23, 1973 Triton Times 



rU1II11111II1I1II1I1II1II111 " 111111111111 '1111111111" I' IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII.IIIIHIIIIIIIIII"~ 

I .t ~-i' 11. Shanghai ! UCLA Nearly Upset 
By UCSD In All-Cal i I¥' 'l"fl.l Mandarin & Shanghai ~ I ft.iE- Chines;~~~tau rant ~ 
~ ..ft .i!t 'f 

.i. it 1t 1. 

.t~14 ~)Jt 
Jf.t * J' tz 

10% off dinner 
menu wirh srudent 1.0 . 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

1017 prospect 
LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

Mark Liska 
It was quite an exciting weekend for 

the girl's basketball team as they had as 
_ good a time as any other students during 

the festive three-day holiday. The team 
took a trip north to Riverside to par-
ticipate in the All-Cal competition. This 
would seem like a chore to most of the 
sports around here, especially after ter-
minating with a 1-2 record for their 
troubles, but theil' success story goes 
farther than their won-loss record. 

Congratulations go to the entire team 
for playing excellent defense, a UCSD 
girl's team trademakr, by holding UCLA 
to just 42 points until the last two 
minutes, a notable feat. 

It!J. tt ~ 
.11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111: The festivities began with a so-so bout 

with UC Santa Cruz. The girls performed 

Their next game was anti-climatic. The 
team was exhausted both mentally and 
physically after their near upset victory. 
Despite this, the UCSD team led by 5 
until the third quarter in their second 
game of the day against the northern 
powerhouse UC Davis. They remained 
in the game until the last minute losing 
only 45-40. Again the Tower led all 
scores with 15 pts., while Hilary Chittick 
had 8 and Sharon "The Ax" Wood 
checked in with 7. 

FRIDA Y FLICKS 
Humphrey Bogart in 
HIGH SIERRA 
and 
AFRICAN 
QUEEN 
7S¢ 

7:30 P.M. 
USB 2722 

SO¢ 
7:30 & 
10:00 P.M. 
USB 2722 

ECHOES 
OF SILENCE 

and 
ON THE BOWERY 

SA TURDA Y FILMS 
Tickets: 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 12-4 Tues.-Fri. 
And A I The Door 

well, walking with a 50-20 victory in their 
warm-up contest. The team was led by 
" Tower of Power" Lower, scoring 21 
points, " Boom-Boom" Barba with 10 
and Sharon Wood with 8 big ones. It's 
even more astonishing to acknowledge 
the skill of these girls when you note 
they were only performing for the first 
half. The second half was turned over to 
the not-so-second second string, 
hereafter known as the " Second Half 
Club" who contiriued to open up the 
lead . They were led by the likes of Paula 
Jordanek and Allison Chen. 

Saturday, UCLA was the obstacle and a 
formidable one at that being considered 
the best team in the state. UCLA came 
out as their men's basketball team usual-
ly does - not expecting much of a 
game, look ing forward to their next 
mat c h . They were in for a rude 
awakening. The UCSD girls gave them 
quite a run for their money. The good 
girls were down by only a point at the 
end of the third quarter, and just by 2 
points with two minutes remaining. At 
this point, the experience and con-
ditioning took effect, UCLA went on a 
10-2 spurt, scoring ~ straight unanswered 
points in the last minute of the game. 

The consensus of opinion was that 
UCSD played a great game putting 
UCLA to quite a test. No excuses are 
necessary for the loss, but some relevant 
facts should be noted. This was the 

Despite their record, the tournament 
was a success. The team was recognized 
as being one of the best teams in the 
area . UCLA went as far as to invite the 
Tritons to become members of their 
league whose members include UCLA 
and USC among others. Unfortunately, 
the budget was the decisive negative 
factor in their rejection of the offer . The 

Tuesday, the Triton girls resumed their 
winning ways after receiving some dis-
couraging news. They trounced Palomar 
in one of their defensive gems - 52-27, 
holding Palomar to just 4 points in the 
second two quarters. 

The fourth quarter was turned over to 
the Second Half Club and once again 
they performed commendably in-
creasing the lead over Palomar. They 
were led by Elaine Fong and Charmaine 
Butler who hustled quite and con-
tributed immensely on the boards. Sioux 
Amaral qualified as a pseudo member of 
the Club by playing in all four quarters . 

____ ACADE1VJ:Y 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Triton's third game of the season, 
mea ning they lacked t ime play ing 
together, and in the case of the 

...... _ freshmen, total experience. They also 
r were not in peak physical shape. UCLA 

Not all was silver lining for the Triton 
girls, there was a cloud of ill fortune 
hanging over the team. The league 
which UCSD belongs to is on the verge 
of dispelling them. The reasons for this 
are unclear and varied . Ostensibly, the 
league claims that UCSD has violated 
certai n rules, not going to coach's 
meetings (of which UCSD was never 
notified) and not turning in a roster at 
the beginning of the season. Realistical-
ly, it appears that UCSD is being not-so-
gently pushed out of the league because 
they are too powerful (taking first in 
league last year). Nevertheless, the girls 
will sti ll play league games although they 
won't count in the standing and the 
girls will not be eligible for the post -
season tourney. The next games come 
up Saturday, March 3, and Wednesday, 
March 7. Go out and see these girls. 

SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 
"MAY BE A BIT TOO MUCH FOR MANY 

PEOPlE, BUT THAT'S THEIR PROBLEM. 

AIDY 
WARHOL'S 

LONESOME 
COWBOYS 

a magniiicent and very 
funny satire of the 

American Western that 
is liberally seasoned with 

our favorite 4,8,10 and 
12·letter words and a 
cornucopia of nudity 

and sexual carryings·on 
that is- in combination 

- perhaps 
unprecede nted!" 

Plus A WILD WEST SING-A-LONG! 
And TARZAN Chapter7 S!\' 
EXTRA ) , 
THE C8AWING FOR A .Ir-

WATERBEO 
MIDDLEARTH CANDLES! 

&APAIROF 
PANTS FROM 

_WESt 
( HULA vlSrA 

h.as, meanwhile, been playing games 
since January and has a playing and 
conditioning edge. Observers felt that if 
the game had been played later in the 
season, UCSD would have won. 

Outstanding individual performances 
were turned in bv Judv Lower Sharon 
Wood with 7, and "Sweet" Salmon and 
Boom-Boom . 

Fencers Slash Through 
Four More Opponents 

Mark Young 
So what has the fencing 

team been up to lately I As 
usual, they have been 
vanquishing their valiant 
opponents in royal style 
and form. Their latest vic-
tims include Cal State, 
Northridge, San Luis 
Obispo, UCLA, and poor 
ole Cal Tech. They downed 
Cal Tech two Saturdays ago 
in the last home meet of 
the season. The other three 

Tennis 
Set For 
Sunday 
If You Play Tennis .. .. 

Or someth ing ap-
prximately that spo rt , 
perhaps you're getting a 
little tired of playing with 
the same partner you play 
with every oth r 
Wednesday at noon. Play 
so mebody Ise f or a 
change. Find out how deep 
your gam r ally is. Bring 
your axe to th Tennis Club 
Round Robin play this Sun -
day at 9 a.m. on the Muir 
cou rts . 

opponents fell by the 
wayside last Saturday in a 
one duel meet at 
Northridge, and an Epee 
saber show down at UCLA. 

The Cal Tech meet isn't 
much to talk about. Prac-
tically everyone on the 
four squads went un-
defeated, as the team only 
lost four bouts the whole 
meet. The Northridge 
meet, however, was much 
closer and much more ex-
citing. Northridge was the 
one team that had a chance 
at stopping the UCSD duel 
meet winning streak, but 
when the meet was over, 
the Tritons were on top by 
an extremely tight score of 
21-17. In the meet, both 
the Foil and Epee squads 
won 7-2. For the Foil squad 
Mike (No what?) Jones was 
und feated, as were John 
Helmich and Howard Eno 
in th Ep . Th clos n ss 
of the meet ca me from the 
Saber and Wom n's Foil 
Squads wh ich lost 4-5 and 
3-6 respective ly . 

San Luis Obispo was nex-
t, but unlik Northridg, 
th ey didn't come very 
los , losing 27-9. Ev ryon 

did well as evidenced by 
the score. D Vinn y, Stan 

Robinson and Eno all went 
undefeated. The only thing 
out of the usual is that 
Mike Jones lost, a fact that 
is a rather amazing state-
ment if you have read 
many articles on fencing . 
You see, Mike is very, very 
good, and just plain 
doesn't lose very often. 

As if fencing two meets 
was not enough, the team 
had to go through it one 
more time. The team paid a 
visit to UCLA to compete in 
a double duel ten-man 
meet of Epee and Saber. 
The Epee team triumphed 
20-5 with all participants 
Murk, DeVinney, Miller, 
Eno and Helmich going 4-
1. Th Saber team on the 
other hand was 19-6 with 
lones and Sax going un-
defeated at 5-0. After this, 
the squad decided to call it 
a day and returned to San 
Di go tired, but happy. 

This weekend's action 
will s the Tritons 
travelling to Irvine to com-
pet against Irvin and LA 
Valley College . The 
w k nd after that, UCSD 
will attempt to take on 
powerhouse Air For e in 
th Western Collegiates. 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, February 23, 1973 

A Studen 
Professio 

ewOf 
Golf 

Ul1l1_ m Le/evier 

With great expectations, two I spectators" hiked out to the 
Andy Williams San Diego ment last weekend and 
witnessed what turned out to the most anticlimactic sports 
events they had ever seen. This that the tournament wasn't 
well run, well attended, or "~LldIC:U. It just turned out that 
the people who played in th is sense of the word -
professionals - and thus are of physical expressions of 
emotion. 

The two redeeming aspects mey included following the 
flamboyant Lee Trevino and a floppy-haired, mustached 
unknown named Bob ulc:Ks()n.l! victorious over a stoic, well-
manicured pro named Bru 

The first few days of the OPE!n.lken up by amateurs, celebrities, 
and disgruntled pros hac in the sometimes sunshiny, 
sometimes rainy San Diego real action began Thursday and 
after 54 holes it became a surprises were in store as the 
same golfers that led after t 'ned their front-running 
positions. The final round I Bruce Crampton (-"), Bob 
Dickson and Grier Jones (-10), berger (-7), and Billy Casper 
and Hale Irwin (-9). 

Due to youthful bias, we fou rooting for the long-haired 
(by golf standards), young a Grier Jones and Bob 
Dickson. Dickson was the true te of the tournament, as 
he was well below the earnin of the other leaders. A 
$100,000.00 winner on last n on the other hand, was 
the least popular of the leade relatively little recognition by 
the gallery. Crampton, Jones, battled through 13 holes with 
Crampton leading the other stroke. Jones, however, fell 
behind by three strokes with 15th and 16th. This set the 
stage for a confrontation and Crampton who were 
playing In a trio following turning point of the tourney 
came on a relatively easy Beginning the hole even, 
Crampton put his tee shot I wi th the squirrels and jack 
rabbits . Dickson, however, was th e middle. The result was 
that Crampton ended up with a hole, while Dickson made 
his par. This hole gave lead, and was enough to 
cause the seemingly impert to bogey his remaining 
four holes. With the lead, Di t Crampton bogied, and 
ended up in the clubhouse I tri umph and $35,000.00. 

While the leaders of the were struggling it out, the one 
golfer who does more than was gleefully playing his usual 
entertaining round of golf. We about the incomparable 
Lee Trevino, the delight of the wants something more 
than good golf. While most te on their game, 
Trevino puts on a show - ing, tellin~ stories, and 
picking up on a pretty you He, in hiS own dever 
little way, turns the p gr im fame of golf into a 
delightful show of skill and 

In all, the Andy Williams was an experience. It didn't 
produce the super-stars (N Imer did not attend) nor the 
speed and aggression of foot ball. Very few people were 
flashy or personable - but and efficient. And if you 
went there with an appetite, ripped-off at the refreshment 
stands for 50 cent hot dogs and (12 oz. Oly). But never-the-
less, these are the elements at it is today. And despite 
their lack of emotion, those top of a sport played by 
millions of people around t even the pain felt in the 
pocket at the concession sta so much when you considered 
that it was indeed a beautifu l by the Pacific Ocean, on a very 
very fine golf course. 

Retur 
Th e Recreational assistants, in 

again sponsoring a one day ski 
fantastic time had by the 47 th at 
how one can take advantage of 
lessons will be either $3 or $4, 
whether or not you use wood 
will be $1 .65 per person. Sign -u 
people that come to the P.E. 
First come, first se rve. The 

For those of you who 
charge to have a lunch pre 

o Snow 
with the UCSD Ski Club, are 
Va lley Friday, March 2. The 
last trip was an indication of 

offer. Lift tickets will cost $3.50, 
rent als $2 or $3, depending on 

The cost of transportation 
be limited to the first 46 

February 27 at 9 a.m. 
wi l at 5 a.m. snarp. 

check with the personnel in 
day's activities. 

Tritons Gain. Revenge 
During Big Weekend 

A week ago UCSQ fans 
witnessed a steering exam-
ple of poetic justice. The 
Tritons, who just a short 
time before had been 
defeated by USI U in a 
brusing physical contest, 
turned the table on the 
Westerners and gained 
revenge by being on top of 
a 72 to 71 score. 

In what was probably the 
most thrilling contest of 
the year, four Tritons 
reached double figures in 
the scoring columns. Paul 
Trainer, Mr. Consistency 
for the squad this year, 
again led scoring with '8 
points while gathering in 

10 rebounds, and making a 
perfect 8 for 8 from the 
free-throw line. Senior 
guard Jon Lelevier scored 
13, seven of those from the 
charity stripe, while playing 
a hustling all-around game. 
Gie Simpson scored 11 
points, while Dave 
Moragne had 10 including 
the game-winning drive in 
the final seconds . High 
scorer for the Westerners 
was forward Garry Morris 
who hit 19 points. 

staged a comeback and 
took a onepoint lead worth 
about 30 seconds left. Then 
Moragne scored the go-
ahead points and the 
Westerners staged a com-
back and took a one-point 
lead worth about 30 
sec ond s l eft . Then 
Moragne scored the go-
ahead points and the 
Westerners lost the ball . 
Fortunately for the faint-
hearted spectators, UCSD 
reciprocated by turning 
the ball over shortly 
thereafter, but USIU failed 
to score in the final six 
seconds and went home in 
the throes of defeat. 

The Tritons led for most 
of the game and held a 10-
point advantage with 5 
minutes remaining. At that 
point the Westerners 

Rugby Journal 

Ruggers Trip Cajuns 
Johnno Straight 

Before the largest home crowd of the 
year, the UCSD Rugby I's took the field 
to face the experienced Newport Ca-
juns. The first time the Tritons got 
possession, fullback Charlie Tuna 
carried the ball 40 yards to the Cajun 10 
yd . line, passing off to Gordie Acres. 
Crazy Gordon ran to the goal line and 
was politely nailed by 3 rather large 
Cajuns. A loose ruck ensued and Dug 
Beanan grabbed the ball and executed a 
dazzling 6-inch sprint for UCSD's first 
try. 

The Cajuns then began a long, hard 
fought drive, finally scoring, giving them 
the lead 6-4 . Ju st before the half, the 
serum pu shed the Tritons to within 
striking distance. One-punch Lance 
found the opportunity and surged 
across for the try. Ric Jones successfully 
booted a very difficult sidelines conver-
sion regaining a slim 10-6 lead. As the 
game was being fought out with muscle 
and sweat, skill and f inesse were left 
behind . The Referee Sir said that this was 
one of the fastest games he had seen this 
year. UCSD kept on a co nstant pressure, 
but neither team could maintain a 
regular flow of attack . The scrum per-
formed admirably, putting up a strong 
and hustling defense. The second half 
had just begun when Newport moved to 
within 15 yds. of the goal. UCSD exerted 
a great effort and helf off the Cajuns for 
10 minutes, until a fine run by Mark 
Lewhew and Brad Tebo took the Tritons 
out of trouble. Lewhew continued a fine 
performance and his running brought 
the team into a threatening position. 
After battling back and forth around 
mid-field for a long while, UCSD finally 
took control of the game. With a strong 
push by the Johns Christopher, Staight 
and Gorganson and a difficult hook by 
Bill Gates, Scrum-half Dickie Osterup 
got the ball moving. Don Riordan drove 
in for the try, getting the ball from 
Osterup. Jones converted, making the 
score. UCSD 16, Newport 6. 

The second team played the UC Irvine 
Aardvarks. These two teams played 
three weeks ago, when the Tritons 
boughta sparse team up to Irvine. On 
that smoggy day so long ago, the UCSD 
II's were beaten in a sluggish game. 

Remembering the defeat and the in-
juries suffered last time (Dave Wright 
and Simmeon are still out with wounded 
parts), the Tritons were really up for this 
game. Reinforced with the experience 
of Fat Eric, O'Toole, and Sertic, and the 
masochistic determination of Up-the-
middle Gyro, were ready . As Dug said, 
"it was one heck of a rough game." The 
ball moved slowly as both sides gave up 
field position. very reluctantly. Again it 
was the scrum that moved th e team to 
within striking distance. The scrum was 
exceptionally strong and fast, stifling the 
Aardvark attack. On the 5 yd. line, Fat 
Eric snatched the ball out of a loose ruck 
mess and floated across for the try. Mid-
way into the hal f, Fyro fought his way 
thru 90% of the Irvine team and chalked 
up another try. Sertic converted and the 
score was 10-0. In the first half, Sertic 
played a very impressive game. He 
directed the attack and got the Tritons 
out of some potentially dangerous 
si tuations. Sertic was even seen making 
two tackles on ruggers full y half his sileo 
To top off an excellent performance, 
Sertic scored on a skillful and rare drop 
kick from 25 yds. out. Concerning Sertic, 
one Irvineer muttered, "He's killing us." 
Half time socre : 13-0. The second half 
was a defense battle; both teams were 
getting tired and were unable to score. 
Bob Mandel , Bob Beck and Phil 
Maseratti roomed the field shutting off 
the Aardvark offense effective and 
energetic tackling. (I mean Beck was 
really ripping them up.) The backs 
showed some fine individual perfor-
mances. Gyro and AI Hunter kept the 
ball moving, driving the attack all over 
the field. Dave Ray field executed one of 
the most beautiful runs of the year, 
carrying the ball 60 yds., weaving in and 
out of pursuing ruggers. Dick " Blind 
Man" Gregory played a consistently 
moving game. Little Billy Gates noted 
" He's all over the field." Gregory c~rr ied 
more than his share of both offense and 
defense. 

Both games were excellent examples 
of very fine Rugby : har.d-hitting but 
clean; determined but gent lemanly, 
with lots of beer and comradeship. It 
was a fine day for Rugby and kite-flying. 

c en-
courages the use of its 
editorial pages as a forum 
for the Univer ity com-
munity. All contributions 
MUST include th name 
imd ;lddres of the writer, 
although names will be 
withheld on reque l. 
COLUMNS will be cho en 
by the Editorial department 
on the basis of their in-
tere t, importance, or 
entertainment nlue to the 
Univer ity ommunity. 
Please be as concise as 
po sible; do not ex d 
1000 word . We re erve the 
right to edit lor pace or 
libel con ideration unl 
pecifi illly indi ated 

otherwi e. 

BRAND NAME 
TURNTABLE 

FREE 
With Purchase of Following System 

and AS Card 

.. "Superb" 

SONY STR 6036 Receiver 
Deluxe 2-Way Speaker System 

$329 
La Jolla Music 

1128 Wall t. La Jolla 459-3375 

We take phone orders 
Phone 453-6455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

20% off for UCSD 
Students with 10 cards 

CEYLON 
NATIONAL 

DANCE COMPANY 
CIVIC THEATRE 

Third & B Street, San Diego 

"HIgh htt!pmg 

New York TImes 

SUNDAY, 
FEBRUARY 25. 

7:30 P.M. 
.AI most thn'''np 
and.Keltmg 
'./JfI"ence 
W,nn1p '0 Tribune 

Tlc~ets: Civic Theatre Box Office 
Admission: $5.50 -$4.50 -$3.50 

I MAIL ORDEA FOAM 
I
I CIVIC THEA TAE BOX OFFICE 

Thl,d & 8St,"tl. San Dlego9210 1 
ptease send me_ tickets for Feb. 25 
I am enclosing 8 check or money order lor ~ •.. _ •.. _ ............. : ............ . 

Name .... 

Address ................................................................... . 

1 
I 
I , 

I 
i 
I , 
I 
I 
I 

Clly & Stole ... ......... ... ... ...... ZIP ... -...... , ,-, . I 
I 
I Please 1nclude stamped self·addressed envelOpe With order 

_-J 

~-Q-........ 
CI~~,"A L~() 

, ,~~ f ,\... ..... • \ , ,,-.. I •• f f 
AT [) 

now playing 

The Prince and 
The Pauper 

(1937) 
- plu -

Knute Rockne, 
All -American 

(1940) 
Sunday M.tinee/ tudent Oi count 

Bo. Offiu OSM'ns at S:)o 488- J 

Page 5 Friday, February 23, 1973 Triton Times 



Tue.-Fn. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 8 :i:30 
Closed Sun. &, Mon. 

233-8328 

EvenIng< IIwougn Tuesday 
San Diego Premier! 
THE IlIIEEJI WAlL 
830pm / P!nJ·1971 / SUll"led 
A tic/'!. poetIC hIm a/lOUl . young City 
men and hiS Wife and It'Ieu anempl 
to make a home In the Jungle 
l.1li_'$ 
THE YOUla I TIlE OAMIED 
700& IO:3Opm / Ue,oeo-I 9S0 / Sub.1I 
lOS OUVDAOOS IS bolh I re.115!JC 
film about Juv,,~ dehnqutnty In 
Mexico Crry, and I sune,] evocation 
of !fie mysrerles of ,.,stence 

Solurday Mldnoghl 
The Noc:lutna/ Clnema 
WIZARD Of OZ 
_ Silent versIOn of Blum', flnlny with 
Lllry Semon. 010"., HIldy. OOtomy Devin 
and Buster Keeton, ShDf1t1lllms IncIUCled. 

Sunday 11 Two 
Friends of India Present 
ITTKAQUE 
Wednesdo-j EYenirog 
_ Spec .. 1 Progr.m 
•.• . ~I 
THIlE£PEI"Y III'EIIA 
700&9'OOpm I 
Germony·1931 / SOO1ltled 
Berthold Brecht's.nd lCurt Wei,,', 
musaI play aboul ~ 
1getm conupHon 01". mIghty 
.nd lI''IImal thr.shings of the poor. 

7456 L2 Jolla illvd. 459-4341 

... T THE GLOBE 

~ay<Wlto 
~ou~re 

by KeI1h Waterhouse 
and WI llis Hall 
NOW PLAYING 
An Imaginative young w ife , 
without le lling her hus band . 
loans a Sing le girl fflend 
the use of the apartment for 
romantic encounters. A Wildly 
funny marita l who's whose, 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to 
improve your 
car or home? 

See your Credi: Union 
for your loan needs ... 
we' ll help you Jay not 
over pay With thd best 
financi ng and t ms 
avai lable. 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

'CHEAP! ' 

Tho opinions expressed on Ihese pages ore I~ose of the authors whose names appear in Ihe bylines and do nol 
necessarily rellect Ihe viows of Iho TRITON TIMES. Anyone dosiring 10 submil malerial to be published an the .. pagos 
should send il to the Edilorial Direclor. TRITON TIMES. 117 Blok. Hall. UCSD. 

LETTERS ft TIE E.TeR 
To Ralph 
Williams 

Ten years after and we 
march on. Standing at the 
gate, the family of Man 
burdens the pain as its 
pointman goes into the 
field looking for peace. 
The summer is ended, the 
harvest is past. Yet, my 
friend, both the fowl of the 
heavens and the beast are 
fled . They are gone. And 
no good came. Perhaps 
because we looked for 
peace and for a time of 
health . Astonishment has 
taken hold of me as it has 
of you. We felt we could 
heal the hurt saying peace, 
peace; when there was no 
peace. We listened and 
heard a tongue taught to 
speak lies while we com-
mitted our own abomina-
tion. They were not at all 
ashamed, neither could we 
blush . Everyone turned to 
his course, as the horse 
rushing into the battle. The 
snorting of the horses was 
heard and the whole land 
trembled at the sound of 
the neighing. We were 
provoked to unconditional 
anger with graven images, 
and with strange vanities. 
And my hurt was your hurt 
and we hpaled it only 
slightly. 

You search for wisdom . 
You saw death come up to 
the window and enter into 
ou r place to cut off the 
children without, and the 
young men from the 
streets. The wise man does 
not glory in his wisdom as 
some glory in their might 
and some in their wealth. 
He dwells in a wilderness 
that glories glory. Those 
customs you question are a 
tree cut from the forest, 
the work of the hands of 
the workman, with the axe. 
You saw and experienced 
and understand and know 
what it was. You know the 

work of errors. Truly the 
wound is great. Do not salt 
it with your anger. It brings 
forth only fury. 

The hunger for your pur-
pose is also great. But you 
must discern time and 
judgment because to every 
purpose there is both. Do 
not make haste. Do not fall, 
and not arise. Do not turn 
away, and not return. (You 
have forsaken no law nor 
obeyed a .wrong voice.) 
The vanity of the ways we 
have seen has greatly con-
founded us. The tree has 
been decked with silver 
and with gold and fastened 
with nails and with 
hammers. Stand dismayed 
and taken but don't let the 
field inherit you . If you 
have a lodging place in 
you r wilderness, share it 
with those wayfaring men 
who might leave their peo-
ple and go from them. You 
will find them valiant for 
the same constancy you 
seek. 

In your words you have 
given your substance and 
your treasures to the spoil 
without prices, as if passing 
into a land which you do 
not know. Though, you do 
know it. You behold trou-
ble, and ask the ordinances 
of justices - avenues to 
break some of the yokes of 
our hugely intimidating 
land of America. You 
neither discredit the power 
of love nor of the height 
from which you have 
fallen. Your words come 
with strength and with 
vengeance. This is not 
done lightly. Make no mis-
take. 

We roar like bears and 
mourn sore live doves. As 
we know of none now who 
couall for justice or for 
truth, we also do not kno~ 
the way of peace. 
Therefore judgment is far 
from us. We wait for light, 
but behold obscurity. 

Perhaps it is a time for 

[!J •••••••••••••• [!J 
: PREPARATION FOR SPRING : 

:MCAT DAT: 
• NOW ENROLLING • 

• Ji. • STANLEY H. KAPLAN - • 
• EDUCATIONAL CEN TER SInce 1938 • 

• In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 • 

• • lil • .••••••••••••• (iJ 

health at this moment, my 
friend. 

Sincerely, 
John L. Demirjian 

Cost of a 
Cup of Coffee 
Editor: 

Tim Colling is miSin-
formed about who has es-
tablished the price of 10¢ 
per cup for coffee at the 
Coffee Hut. Mr. Holly 
Holmes is following one of 
the prices of a uniform 
price schedule for all 
UCSD food establishments 
as put forth by Mr. Larry 
Barret, Housing and Food 
Services Director at UCSD. 
Also, it seems to me that 
Mr. Colling is being rather 
heavy-handed in 
suggesting an administra-
tion re-evaluation of Mr. 
Holmes' business abilities 
because of a complaint 
about the price of coffeel 

If Tim Colling thinks that 
"the high price for food in 
UCSD establishments has 
long been a recognized 
fact", I suggest that he 
make some real com-
parisons of UCSD Food 
Service prices with those of 
equivalent menu items in 
other snack bars, 
cafeterias, and family-style 
restaurants in the San 
Diego area. 

Sincerely, 
Eric Bierbrauer 

Simons A Lout 
Editor: 
Dear Mr. Simons: 

I recently saw a letter to 
the editor about you . I 
must agree with all Mr. 
Faddiss has to say. In fact, I 
even have a few things 
more to say. 

Edward, you are a 
boorish lout, a rotten 
writer, and no fun at a 
party. Love, Mother 

triton 
times 

Edltor· ln·Chl.1 • ••.• C.my Shorlck 
City Edlto. • •• •• ••• Corrie Rickey 
Milnasins Editor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor .. Debble Monlgomery 
IktIinftl Mlnller • Michael Greene 
Edltodal Dfrector •• • •• Marie Siegel 
...... Editor • .. • . • . Tom Lindberg 
Sports Edito • •. • . •• Mlch.el R.lh 
rhotosraphy Edhor •• • • Joe (a$ler" 
Secret.,y • ••• . . .• Corinne CaCl~ 
""lttant City EdItor •• Kalhy Kuenzi 
" stoel.t. City Edit"" Richard Dram 

Mlch.el sm. 
Aut. IuJineu Mar ••• Michael Wyer 
" .. t. Edlt",I.1 DI,. • Barb ... R.nd.1I 
"HI. Sports Editor .••• • Mark Li.k. 

Tho TltITON TIMIS I. olllcl.II, 
rec:OWnlzed as •• tudent ne .... per 
by !h. Communkatlon IoMd oI.he 
Unl.-, 01 C.tIIornw.. San Dlqo, 
"'lIdlnl 1St. M .... WI ~m,.... U 
lollI, CllHornll '21137. l'ublicilion Is 
•• iet wee. I, on Tueld .. ,_ .nd 
,.101.,.. OIlk ..... locole4 In "'0 ... 
1t7, ..... H., ~ ...... Com,.... f ... 
,,, .. nlol,. .......... 5).1722, .... ,,. 
lilt, X 1.17; lor edltoNl or IMWI 
pItotoe I 1.16. 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, February 23, 1973 

FEIFFER 

{' /·-< /h 
",. ,. ~ 2633 So. Hwy. 101 Cardiff f' 
.//f/; , ,/ 753-6438 

Sen ate Continued from pale 1 
Academic Senate specifying the duties of 
the Committee on Privilege and Tenure 
does not constitute a reasonable set of 
disciplinary procedures. 

due process in his handling of the case. 
Each resolution was to be voted upon 

separately. An amendment was made and 
passed to change the wording of Resolu-
tion No 1 to the following : . 

2. The procedures of Section 112(C) and 
not any other are the pertinent 
procedures in this case and are supported 
by all other sources of procedure relevant 
here. 

3. These procedures (sec. 112(C)) or any 
others were not followed in letter or spirit 
by the administration or any committee of 
the Academic Senate. 

The Academic Senate wishes to make its 
concerns known to the UCSD administra-
tion about the inappropriateness of its 
action taken against Professor Lettau on 
November 7 and 8 as being inconsistent 
with the best interest of maintaining an 
open campus. 
A vote by secret ballot was taken resulting 

4. Therefore, the rights of Dr. Lettau 
were violated by a gross departure from 
existing rules of due process. 

5. Finally, the AFT-UCSD calls for a vote 
of censure in the Academic Senate against 
Chancellor McElroy for stepping outside 

VVAW ... Continued from page 1 
Vietnam. Tehy are especially interested in raising 
$500,000 to build a Nuyen Van Troi Children's Hospital 
in North Vietnam. The VVAW feels that the building of 
this hospital will'stand as a symbol of VVAW's "resolve 
to see the wrongs we inflicted on the people and 
children of Indochina rectif ied." 

The California branch of VVAW has also aligned itself 
with the struggle to free political prisoners. Currently, 
they are engaged in attempting to free VVAW member 
Gary Lawton, an ex-Marine seargeant, who is now a 
black community organizer. Gary is being held by 
Riverside police for the murders of two white police-
ment. 

Another project that the California VVAW is 
engineering is "Operation County Fair." Through this 
project the VVAW hopes to bring badly needed 
medical assistance to the Peoples' Farm in Selma, 
Alabama. The VVAW feels equipped to help with 
med ical care because many Veterans were medical 
personnel and could help train members of the 
Peoples' Farm community. The group has obtained 
some anti-biotic drugs and are currently engaged in 
solici ting donations of medical equipment, drugs, 
sanitation, dietary information and funds. 

The following are the national objectives of VVAW 
which will be maintained despite the cessation of 
American involvement in Indochina. 1) Support of the 
various peace proposals of the peoples of Southeast 
Asia, such as the Nine Point Porgram of the Democratic 
Republic of Vietnam and the Provisional Revolutionary 
Government or such future plans as they develop 
based upon their right of self-determination and actual 
control of their own destinies. 

2) To demand the immediate termination of all other 
operations by the United States Government, its agen-
cies and American business interests that are designed 
to suppress the rightful struggles for liberation and self-
determination of the peoples of Africa, Asia and Latin 
America. 

3) To demand that all active-duty servicement, ser-
vicewomen, reservists and National Guard, be afforded 
the same rights that are guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution and Bill of Rights that are presently 
denied by the Uniform Code of Military lustice. 

4) To support all military personnel refusing to serve 
against their consciences in wars at home and abroad. 
To demand that Congress enact legislation for the 
immediate reparation of those who are in prison or in 
se lf-exile by reason of their refusal to serve in the 
military. 

5) To demand that there be no distinctions as to type 
of discharges and that a single type of discharge be 
issued, and that this be retroactive. They also demand 
that all veterans receive all rights and benefits under 
the VA; and that compensation for disabilities be based 
solely upon the degree of disability for veterans and 
their families, without regard to sex, race, rank, or 
length of service. 

6) To make clear that the United States has never 
under taken an extensive, open investigation of 
American war crimes in Indochina. 

7) To fight racism, to show Americans that our society 
is permeated by racism, which manipulates whites into 
viewing non-whites as inferior or less human. 

8) To fight sexism within ourselves, within our 
SOciety, within VVAW. . 

9) To support the democratic rights of Americans to 
unionize and strike to protect their income and 
safeguard their employment. Refuse to participate in 
the efforts being made to separate veterans from other 
worki ng people. 

10) To dedicate VVAW energies to change the 
domestic, social, political, and economic institutions 
that have caused and perpetuated t~e Vietnam war. 

ENJOY A KlIYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A new concept tOI an enloy.blt wit. Ind on thl 
ColoI.do R,v" 

Please 
Call 
In 

For 
Feature 

And 
Show 
Times 

LA PALOMA 
AClflCtoASlHWY ""Sl~ ( .. ,n..,AS · 7S1.nu 

in the defeat of the resolution by a vote of 
18 yes, 52 no. 

Resolution 1".0. 2 was amended and 
reworded as follows : 

The Academic Senate calls for the im-
mediate rescindi[lg of that action of 
November 8 and return of the five days of 
forfeited pay to Professor Lettau . 
A motion was made and carried to table 
this resolution until the next regularly 
scheduled Academic Senate meeting. . 

As Resolution No. 3 was being dis-
cussed, a point of order was made. to 

determine whether or not a full quorum 
still existed in the meeting (the meeting 
had been In progress for 2 and a half 
hours and many had already departed). A 
count was made, and 50 members of the 
Senate were remaining - exactly the 
amount constituting quorum. A motion 
was made to table discussion of Resolu -
tion No.3, but the motion was defeated. 
At this point, two members of the Senate 
walked out of the meeting, thus ending 
the meeting. 

........................................... ! 
: Univer~ity L:utheran Church 
• . And • 
• Student Center • 
• • • Worship Services Interim Pastors : • 
: 10 A.M. Sundays 'Herbert Albrecht : 
• Paul Gabrielsen • 
•• Feedback Nels Oas • 

11 :15 • 

i ice i 
• Chu • 

I .. 2 i 
• Students New /5( Uld Are COrdially Welcome • 
\ ...................................... . 

~ ~pl' bUll"." ~\~ ~ 
Thor •••• bI.u .............. lo." of Ih. u.I .......... .. wy., •• • • y. M[ ••• ' '''' ..... n 'fy ~m ... ,..'. UlF THE EQUITABLE • SAFETY · bOIl! In buoYlney • CONVENIENT · frltwlY Inlh WlY 

• ECONOMICAL fof budetl mln'"d Ilm,lI" 
• AOVENrUROUS laploll promll ........ 

KAYAK RENTAL S) sO DAY for I Ire. 1S" x 24" poster of th is advertisement, write: Tna EqUitable. ~pt. J ., a.p.o. Bo)( 1170. New York. N.Y. 10001 
fOI B,.chu .. Wroll 01 Coil 

KfoYAK RIVER CRUISES by lEISURE CRAfT 
tl9 E For.1 SI . YU"" Arolon, 85384 . 18021 )83 6633 

page 7 Friday, February 23,1973 Triton Tim s 
.t , t " • I '. 



.............. ·announcements ............................ .. 
ge al 

UCSD Photographers 
Association: For information 
or purchase of membership 
cards call EDNA at 453-
EDNA or go to the Urey Hall 
Box Office during box office 
hours. (3/2) 

NOTICE - All discounts, 
etc . i n THE TR ITON 
TRIDENT will expire on Feb. 
28, 1973. (2/27) 
COMMUNICATIONS 
MAJORS - The Co m-
mu nic ations Comm ittee 
meets every Wednesday 
morn ing at 9:00 in Room 17 
in the Third College Provost 
off ice. These meetings are 
open to all interested com-
munications students . It 
would be to your advantage 
to come and check out what 
is going on (EW) 

"38 Families" - 38 Families 
describes the struggle of 
Chicano farmworker families 
in Salinas, Californ ia for low-
cost housing and community 
self-determination . "I,os 
Siete de La Raza" - This 
film is about the oppression 
of the Third World communi-
ty in the Mission district of 
San Franc isco . It deals 
specifically with seven Latino 
youths who were accused of 
killing a plainclothesman. 
201 MC, 7 p.m. (2/27) 
HOEDOWN u nder new 
management. English & 
American Squares & Con-
tras . 8 p.m., N. Balcony of 
Gym , Thurs . M usiCians 
wanted!!! Ca ll Bruce 
Hamilton, Ext. 3005, or 272-
7420 (2/27) 
The Women's Liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1 :30 every day, and 
people are welcome to drop 
by room 4, 250 MC (ext. 
3006) . Also, WLF has 
potluck dinners on alternate 
Weds . and Thurs. - this 
week on Weds. at Mesa Apts. 
6:00, 3991-G. (Phone: 453-
6786.) All women Invited. 
(EI) 

services 
Flute Lessons - experienced teacher. 
Masters In MUSIC. reasonable rates, 
454 -6728 (2127) 

Typing term papers theses ex-
perienced IBM SelectriC II 453·8 t.8 
(3/9) 

Expen Typing - 5 yrs exper"'nce on 
all types ot papers Fast service Ex· 
cellent grammar and spelling 50¢1 pg 
Cla"emont area IBM Selectnc Please 
call 565-7060 for cheertul competent 
serv,ce (2/27) 

EXPLORE IS forming I We are a new 
co·operalJVe for creative artIsts and 
craftsmen We have our o",n gallery at 
9 t t Hornblenc d need more 
members II you ... ra a creatIve person 
and can spend fo.r hours a week 

wa~chlng the st "e, you can make 
money seiling y( ur reatlons With us 
Call today 27H30~ 295·70t4,273 
4896. or 454·69l8 (2/27) 

'JOBS IN ALA~,KA ' available now 
ThiS handbook covers all Ileids. 
summer and can "r \I~..,v,IIJ" ~',~ r'7!j"'t 
YOUR adventu e' $300 JIA. Box 

565. Anchoraq' K 995 to (2/27) 

Income lax SE': vIce Discount for 
Siudents. slall r laculty 755-8228 
af er 2 (4113) 

French tUtoring lor flfoal exam. or 
profICiency tests C I 755·7 t92 Ask 
lor Barbara (212J) 

TYPIST 18M. Exp M/Thesea. Term 
Pape,.. MI&c SOt pg Call Bee Lynch. 
753-7356 (3/6) 

GERMAN language IntenlllVe tutoring 
by certtflCated In "rpreter Indlvtdu I 
le .. onl Reasonabte ral81 Julie 
M yer 280·3423. (1 ).86-2769 (2/23) 

A re p rese ntat ive from 
ELECTRONIC DATA 
SYSTEMS will be on campus 
Mon., Feb. 26, to interview 
students who are candidates 
for a Bachelor's or Master's 
degree in APIS , AMES or 
Mathematics, for positions in 
Software Programming and 
Systems Engineering. Come 
to Career Planning, Bldg. 20, 
(0 schedule your appoint-
ment. (2/23) 

URGENT MESSAGE from 
Reglltrlr ... Continuing 
Studentl - If you rec:llvad 
Inother .tudent'l clrd In 
your Iprlng reglltrltlon 
packet, bring It to 211 Ellt, 
Mltthew. Clmpu. Im-
madlltely 10 th.t WI cln 
Ixchlngl card. beforl the 
reglltr.tlon rUlh blgln • . 
(2/23) 

friday 

There will be an 
organizational, restructuring 
meeting of the A slan-
American Student Alliance 
(AASA), Fri., Feb. 23, 3 p.m. 
All interested please attend. 
East Wing, 250 MC, AASA 
office. (2/23) 
There wi ll be an 
organizational meeting for 
the purpose of forming an 
undergrad philosophy club: 
Friday, Feb. 23 , 1973, 4-6 
p .m . Reve ll e Informal 
Lounge. Be there and bring 
your Ideas! (2/23) 
Sabbath celebration , Fri., 
Feb. 23. JOin us for dinner, 
danCing, discussion, in the 
Muir Apts. lounge at 6 p.m. 
Bring a salad or dessert if 
you can, and mUSical in-
struments. (2/23) 

Countryl Bluegrass Concert 
featuring Californ ia Country 
(an exc iting Bluegrass 
group) and David Evans, 

Superb typmg and editing 011 IBM 
SelectriC II. Much experience. best 
equipment RUSSian also . Bruce Con· 
dra. 453-5346 From 75t per pege 
(2123) 

BMWSAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So. Hill 
O ceanside, 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars (EF) 

lost and found 
Found Slide rule In USB 3050B Tell 
me the type and color and Irs yours 
Call Bret. 453·077 t . (2/23) 

Lost Bike With gold body and red lape 
handle bars. Montgomery Ward brand 
Leslie. 453·4252. (2/27) 

Lost Woman's glasses, brown Irames. 
at t9th and Coast, OM, call 755·7654 
(2127) 

Lost Small lady's ring - emerald set 
In tOK gold Reward 453-2525 (2127) 

Lost black wallet - In or near Bldg 
2A 2402 Tues a . m Feb t3 
REWARD! 453·58 t6 Ask lor John 
(2123) 

houllng 
For renl 2 BA cOlldomlnlum $200 In 
Genesee Highlands. close to UCSO & 
VA Call 276·8994 (2/27) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED 'or SPring qt 
Del Marl own rm I pre I r male, $871 
mo Call 7556532 aft r 5 pm (2/27) 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, February 23, 1973 

blues singer - will appear at 
a concert in Revelle cafeteria 
on Friday, February 23rd at 
8:30 P.M. Free to UCSD 
students and $1 .00 for all 
others. (2/23) 

.aturday 
The UCSD Drama Club 
presents The Company Ub-
briaco in "Fruits Of Passion." 
A "new unblemished work" 
in the style of Com media 
dell'Arte. Admission is free 
with ticket. Tickets available 
Urey Hall Box Office, or, if 
remaining, at the door. Two 
performances only, Feb. 24 
and 25, 8 p.m., at the UCSD 
Theatre (203 MG). (2/ 23) 
···UCSD 
ASTRONOMERS· ·· There 
will be a star party (weather 
permitting) on Sat. night Feb. 
24, starting at dark. It will be 
at the field north of the con-
struction for Mand evill e 
Center. Take the road from 
Genesee to the central libary 
and look for a sign. (2/ 23) 
The Federal Service En-
trance Exam (FSEE) will be 
given on a walk-in basis this 
Sat., Feb. 24, at 8:45 a.m., at 
California State University, 
San Diego . Information 
about the FSEE and Admis-
sion Reservations to take the 
test on Sat. may be obtained 
from Career-Education Plan-
ning Services , 6th Floor, 
Bldg . 2D , Muir College. 
(2/23) 
Attention all past, present 
and future crew jocks! This 
Saturday (Feb. 24) at 11 :00 
a.m. will be a "rowing rally." 
The purpose of the rally is to 
Impress some local money 
into donating more for the 
"classic." The hopefully 
great "c rew classic" with 
Navy and the other B.M.F.'s 
is 1[1 jeopardy unless we can 
get more money. All alumni if 
you want to pull an oar again 
and can spare the time come 
on out at 9:00. That goes for 
all current oarsmen as well , 
practice at 9:00. 

Two roommates or couple lor spacIous 
North Park house Hardwood lloors. 
backyard. garage Vegetarians es· 
peclally welcomed $55 291-5411 
(2/27) 

t g"ls need roommate to share a 3 
bdrm t bath PaCIfic Beach house 
(Crown POint) \0 stM renting as 01 
March '. 1973 Pel oK. 272-7504 
(rent $951 month). (2123) 

Roommate wanted Old stone house In 
Enctnltas Near beach, stores $92 50 
all uOiI gas no 753·5210 (2123) 

Roommate needed, share 3 bdrm. 
house In La Jolla With 2 other g,,'s 
$9O/mo. 459-4768 eves (2/23) 

2 Housemates Meded. lemale or male 
(Ie males prelerred) In Del Mer 
$65/mo. each 755·7871 . (2/23) 

travel 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club leesl SO Depanures, also NYC, 
Japan &. Australia Youth Fares. too 
Since t959 ISlt. 323 N Beverly Or . 
Beverly Hills, Ca. 90210, (213) 275· 
8t60 (5/29) 

personal. 
To th gIrt who returned the watch to 
the PE lost &. lound. thank you lor your 
hone&IY The watch wa 01 great per-
sonel value (2/23) 

Ctndy - Happy Blnhday IS coming 
Tnpper (2/23) 

To K ren My pillow', obll wet and It'l 
III your lault - RoRo (2/23) 

To C I t98 - Thank you - Tom 
(2/23) 

sunday 
Tennis Fans: Round Robin 
play open to anyone Sun, 
morn. at 9. Muir Courts. 
(2/23) 
EARLY BIRDS ONLY: Radio 
KGB will have an interview 
with Steve Brault, UCSD stu-
dent, concerning the food-
price comparison that Cal-
Pirg did. Sun., 6:30-7 a.m. 
(2/23) 
· ·HAM RADIO·· - Can you 
dig it? Come to MC 250 
Sun., 9 p.m. to plant the 
Quad Antenna . Call Ed , 
WA6LCZ for Q's and A's. 
454-0888. (2/23 ) 

monday 
Ot ra banda Compan y, a 
touring theatre ensemble 
performing Mon. and Tues. 
at UCSD Theatre , will hold an 
open Workshop in mime and 
improvisational theatre forms 
in the Gym (north balcony) at 
11 . No admission . Everyone 
welcome. (2/ 27) 
Pre-meds and Pre-dents: 
There will be an important 
meeting for all students who 
will be applying to medical or 
dental school this summer. It 
will be held Feb. 26 at 7:30 
p .m. in R.m 1105, BSB. 
Procedures and a calendar 
of events will be discussed. 
(2/23 ) 
Soar ing club general 
meeting and ground school. 
Feb. 26 in 2C- l110 at 7:30 
p.m. This is an important 
meeting with general elec-
tions scheduled . Ground 
school topic will be the 
weather. There may be a 
film . (2/23) 
SCRIPPSI AP&IS Joint 
Seminar on the Evolution of 
the : olar System, Mon., Feb. 
26, 1973 . Speaker : 
Professor Hannes Alfven . 
Subject: Evolution of the 
Earth-Moon System. Time: 

3:30 p .m. Place: Sumner 
Auditorium, SIO. Please note 
change of time and place. 
(2/23) 
APPLIED PHYSICS Seminar 
(APIS 292). Speaker: Dr. 
T.W.J. Unti, J.P.L, Topic: 
Direct Measurements of 
Fluctuations in the Solar 
Wind Flux . Time : Noon , 

• Mon., 26 Feb. Place: Room 
2202, Bldg. 2A. ,(2/23) 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI ) 

Saturday, Feb. 24, the UCSD 
Recreation Club is spon-
soring a day at the Wild 
Animal Park in San Pasqual. 
Admission , rides and bus 
transportat ion are be ing 
made ava ilable for the 
money saving price of $2.25 
per person . Tickets are 
available in - the gym at the 
P.E. Offices. Those in need 
of bus transportation must 
purchase their tickets prior to 
5 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 22. 
The bus leaves the Urey Hall 
Parking Lot at 9 a.m. Satur-
day morning. Further infor-
mation concerning this ac-
tivity may be answered by 
phoning 453 -2000 , ext. 
2282. (2/23) 

Saturday, February the 24th 
UCSD is invited to participate 
in the San Diego Wild Animal 
Park l aOO-acre wildlife 
preserve. The Park includes 
colorful birds, a wide variety 
of animal exhibits, a gorilla 
grotto and rides such as a 5-
mile safari aboard a monorail 
train . The Recreation al 
Events Club is sponsoring 
this for the low cost of $2.25 
which includes admission , 
rides and transportation to 
San Pasqua!. Tickets will be 
sold In advance in the P.E. 
office in the gym. Those in 
need of transportation must 
purchase their tickets prior to 

Thursday the 22nd. The bus 
will leave Saturday at 9 a.m, 
from the Urey Hall Parking 
Lot and return by 4 p.m. that 
afternoon. Students, faculty 
and staff are all Invited and 
urged to participate In 
another recreational event. 
For further information call 
453-2000 ext. 2282. (2/23) 

APIS 293 - Seminar in In-
formation and Computer 
Science, Mon ., Feb. 26, 
1973. Time: 4:00 p.m. Place: 
Rm. 2202, Bldg. 2A, Muir 
Campus. Speaker: Professor 
Norman Anderson , 
Psychology Dept. , "UCSD. 
T i tle : Stud i es of 
Psychological Information 
Integration (2/23) 

tuesday 
Want $1 OO.OO? Do you have 
talent? the UCSD Program 
Board ann ounces open 
audi ti ons for the UCSD 
TalenV Variety Show to be 
produced in conjunction with 
the Revelle Res. Hall Board 
and under the direction of 
Bennett McClellan. Auditions 
for the Apr. 14 show will be 
held on Tues., Feb. 27 at 
7:30 p .m. in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Prizes for those 
selected to compete in the 
show will be First-$1 00.00, 
Second-$50 .00 , Third-
$25.00 for each category. 
Contact EDNA for audition 
i nfo . for the Feb . 27 
aUditions. Auditions open to 
both grad. and undergrad. 
(2/27) 

advertisements for ourselves 
Primal Therapy. You've read the book 
Interested? CalI/Write Mike Mclane. 
465 t Castle Crest Dr LA 90041 . (3/3) 

wanted 
Grouchos or Chlcos needed lor Talent 
Show skit. Ken, 453 ·2209 or Mike , 
453-8346 (2123) 

Friendly dog needs a good home Or 
he Will be put In pound 755-9252. 
(2/23) 

Wanted ' Am looking lor a ponable 
cassene recorder. Ed Teyssler, 454-
0888 (2123) 

Wanted' Inlormation on the Unlv. 01 
Maine zoology dept Please call 453-
7678. (2123) 

Wanted . Obi manress & bed. Also 
swag lamp Call Dan e~er 5 p.m. at 
755·9439, (2/23) 

Anyone interested In acting In a new 
play, call 453-7746 lor details. (2/23) 

Wanted. Playboy prior t 967, 755-8763 
Glen. (2/20) 

Wanted Heve you a ponable cassaH8 
record r to II? State price. cond Ed , 
454 ·0886 (2/27) 

Need ride to Unlv Hosp. In S 0 Fri .. 
Mar 2 at t 1 a.m Nice dude out there? 
453-4968 (2/27) 

AII,utl •• f.m.', fo.k ,.",., -
",lterIel pert time lor ..... known L. 
Jol.. fleel_IInt, cell M,. 0ftI1 -
414-03" lor eppotnt_, (2127) 

Atrtcan8ludenlt 16-20ye rsoldwould 
like to corrMporld to Amarleenl Writ 
lOITlath'ng about your \I care 01 S 
Ferguson, Ranen Secondary SchOOl. 
Ranen via KI Ii. Kenya (2/27) 

Wanted PhYSICISt With background In 
CirCUli deSign and 8 mature Interest In 
unidentified "Ylng obiects to work With 
three other Phys'cISts In developing 
UFO detectIOn and mOnttorlng equip-
ment No others need call 583·8247 
(2/27) 

for lale 
For sale. '66 Triumph Herald $200 
Good bargain lor mechaniCS Call ' 
t62t durtng lunCh. (2/27) 

Used Pan·Amerlcan student Cornet. 
Good Cond. $50 Call Tim at 755-
7067 (2/27) 

Girl's Raleigh 3-speed bike $25 Light 
and Side baskets Mona X t 750, 753· 
2686 eves. (2127) 

'83 Corvalr Monla, automat,c, cheap 
transportation. $125 753-0534 nights 
ot 453· 2000, X20t5 days (2/271 

For Sale: '64 Volvo t 22S Needs some 
engine work 5200/offer John X2666. 
436·045 t (eves) (2127) 

'67 Conina GT. Nu eng ., front KONt's. 
nu 2661 Hotley, much mOra - after 6. 
273·2638 (2/27) 

For Sale Dead vw Fastback·68 
Broken CrankshalV Exc lor parll or 
oune buggy Ava. 453-0384 (2127) 

For Ie. record player. Not much but 
works well . Met Or 454 . 453·6902 
StO (2/27) 

For I8le: Ford Ranchero. la" oondl-
tion. call 453-0 t 24 (2/27) 

2 Compact Refrlg Wood Gr Fin . Like 
new Pd sao each Sacrilice 5SO 
each . Call 755-008 t (2/27) 

For sale Sony TC 630 !ape recorder 
- prolaMlOOal modet $259 00 453 
9543 (2/27) 

For sale Floor loom. table loom. 
assoned wearing supplies and books. 
Jan, at 463-2425. (2/27) 

Need to sell piano. double bed ($ to). 
453-4717 (2/27 ) 

'62 Studebaker Lark. 70K. Good 
Transponatton Car. runs wel l. Call day 
X-2108 - Harvey. (2123) 

~or sale. TRIO 40-wan RMS stereo 
recelverl amp. AMIFM Ex cond Call 
Dave. 453-9368. (2123) 

Coupon lor a U.S. Divers Super Spon 
II 5,zIpper dive suit wonh $75. Bast 
offer. 755059t Roy (2/23) 

For sale: Conn trombone, exc condo 
Rose gold bell w/case. $60 00. 453-
5363 (2/23) 

For sale: '63 Karmann Ghla. primo new 
paint, 223-6987 or 453· 5363. (2/23) 

For sale ' '69 Ply. Valiant. Standard shiM 
- exc cond'! $800 or best oHer. 755-
1040. (2/23) 

Peugeot to-speed lor sale. SI05.00: 
superb cond .. used 3 mo.S. forced to 
sail. Call 453-2000 X-2943 or 755-
7535 (eves .) and Iv name & no. lor 
Sue A (2/23) 

'67 Ford \'t T PU, carpeted. wi camper 
ahell. hitch. Great condo 51395 or ? 
Dan 453·58 17. (2/23) 

16-1\. Terry Travet Trailer Gorgeous 
Interior. must see. S995 or bett offer 
453-58 17. Dan. (2123) 

OWN POOl - the lov,bla sliv.r 
Chinchilla . Has his own c ag e. 
shavings, and a year supply 01 lood 
You IIkel M.o Wong . • 53-53.8. S25 
(2/23) 

Free 50% SlemeM FemeJe 1<-'. 
tookI 100% Slemete 7 wkI old CAlI 
Sue. X 2228, 755-4787 (2/23) 


