
Godard, Gorin Participate in Dialogue in Cafeteria 
Carrie Rickey 

"France is just a colony of the United 
States, and, since France is the colony, as 
slaves, we were interested in looking at 
the master's house-the people here look 
like particles in a wave of money," said 
visiting filmmaker Jean-luc Godard in a 
dialogue that took place Tuesday 
evening in the Revelle Cafeteria. 

Over 600 people were in attendance 
to see and hear Godard, .and his 
collaborator, Jean-Pierre Gorin, par-
ticipate in the dialogue. 

The pair was introduced by Visual Arts 
instructor Manny Faber who termed the 
appearance of these two filmmakers as, 
"Crucial -because up until now you've 
had only celebrities like Desi Arnaz, 
Andy Williams, that inspiring composer 
Burt Bachrach, a director named Delmer 
Daves-one thing about these people is 
that they are - very radical." 

political id as, and de iding that d ialec-
tic should eclipse id alism; "Pravda," a 
mock epistolary film concerning lenin's 
second coming to modern 
Czechoslovakia, r vealing his revulsion 
at the Communist revision ism in Prague; 
" letter To Jane" , an investigation of a 
photograph taken by Joseph Kraft in 
Vietnam in such a way that, according to 
the narration by Godard and Gorin, 
capitalized on her star status; and " Tou t 
Va Bien," a film with Jane Fonda and 
Yves Montand about the reactions of 
dormant radicals to the work r takeov r 
of a meat factory. 

The purpose of the visit of the two 
filmmakers was, according to Gorin, to 
rais money for their next project. Thev 
made "letter To Jane" specifically to 
show at universiti s in the United States, 
and, " With th return of $10,000 so far in 
I cture fees and for showing this $2,000 
film, "letter To Jane" has become our 
own "Godfather," with such a return on 
our investment." 

Faber continued the introduction 
with, "They're away from death and 
sleep-in art, the truth is the next step, 
and Godard made movies that con-
sidered the next step and were shocking 
because they gave you images brutal in 
their content. The purpose of art is for 
one person to speak to another serious-
ly, and Godard brought that previously 
slumbering seriousness back to movies." 

Manny Farber, at podium, introduces Jean-Pierre Gorin and Jean-Luc 
Godard to audience in Revelle Cafeteria Photos: Sesma 

Th y criticized American audiences 
for being too con cious of the verbal 
aspects of film , Godard said, "You try to 
hear every word , but you don't try to 
hear every note of music on the sound-
track ... we're trying to make listening 
pictures, not talking pictures." 

Godard, first a film critic, then the 
maker of such landmark movies as 
" Breathless," "Co ntempt ," 
" Alphaville," "My life To live," "A 
Woman Is A Woman," and "Sympathy 

For The Devil," radically changed his 
directorial orientation in 1968 when he 
abandoned the concept that a director 
was the sole author of a film and began 
collaborating with Gorin on movies that 
address themselves to raising the 
political consciousness of the viewers. 

evening had the opportunity to view 
screenings of four Godard/Gorin films 
that were screened all day Tue day and 
on Monday evening where the two 
made an appearance. 

In answer to th question, " How do 
you se the American left?" Godard 
said, "We don 't see it at all." 

Many in the audience on Tuesday 

These films were : "Struggle In Italy", 
told from the point-of-view of a Univer-
sity stud nt coming to terms with her (Continued on page 3) 

Volume 1' , Number 2 

Fourth College 
Plans Approved 

Karen Armitage and Hannah Cohen 
On March 8 the Committ on Educational Policy 

approved the preliminary plan for Fourth College as 
did th Acad mic enate on Mar('h 20. During the fall 
of 1973 a d tailed plan will b e d ve loped by a 
provisional fa ulty m aae up of professors from the 
three now xisting co llege. 

The goa ls of Fourth Colleg ar to provide a general 
du ation with pecial concern for profe siona l and 

pre-profe sional training, together with an emphasis 
on the stu dy of problems of social policy . All 
departm ntal majors will be available within Fourth 

011 ge. In addition, specia l majors will be developed 
withi n the ollege. 

The pr paration for Fourth College was initiated 
after the ten-year enrollment projections for all cam-
puses of UCSD were ·developed by the Academi 
Planning and Program Review Board in May, 1972. In 
Jul y, 1972 the campus Ad Hoc Growth Committee met 
and d veloped a faculty allocation and student growth 
plan whi h included proposal for two additional 
co ll eges, th first to begin admission of about three 
hundred stud nts in fall , 1974. 

According to the proposed academic plan, Fourth 
College will offer a framework of courses, programs 
and major~ within which students can acquire an 

duca tion that will be of relevance and use for a career 
in a variety of professions, including engineering, 
medicine, the performing arts, administrative sciences, 

du ation, law, and archite ~ture , as well as the natural 
sc!ence fi Ids of physics, chemi try, biology, and earth 
SC I nces. 

At pr sent, stud nts can acquire a professionally 
rei vant educational background in some of these 
fi Ids in th oth r colleges. Fourth Colleg intends to 
add to the pre ent colleg off rings a curriculum with a 
s t of programs and majors that will provide greater 
opportunities at UCSD for stud nt inter sted in a 
prof ssionally orient d education . 

As part of the lower division course off rings, Fourth 
011 ge will offer a number of ollege quen e . 
om of the coli ge sequen e will fo u around a 
p ifir theme, such a the study of human learning or 
n rgy r source and the nvironm nt . Fourth 

Co ll eg 's approach to the humanities int nds to tr 5S 
xpOsure to th many ar a of 0 ial cone rn and th 
~ang 5 of thinking and values pr ent in ociety a an 
~nt gra l part of tn colleg curri ulum. AI 0 includ d 
In Fourth ollege will b a writinl'l cour , whi h, 

(Continued on pase 9) 

University of California, San Diego 

North Star 
Funding Suspended 

Vice Chan ellor of Student Affairs Gorge Murphy 
informed the TRITON TIMES W dne day evening that 
he had plac d a "temporary suspension" of activity and 
registratio n fee monies that were alotted to th 

ORTH STAR because of what "appears to be a 
con tinuing defiance of th Communications Board 
with th NORTH TAR's continued anonymity." 

Th Communications Board has asked that the 
ORTH STAR publish the names of cO(ltributors and 

editors in cach issue. 
lhe NORTH STAR Collect ive responded to Murphy's 

action by stating that, " Murphy has violated due 
proc ss of the Communications Board. The fa ct that 
we'r an anonymous pape r is unfounded . Our office is 
open to the public - people know who we are and 
where to find us. The administration knows which of us 
are allowed to sign out for our account. W 're goin~ to 
continue publishing - we're going to seek redress.' As 
of Wednesday evening, the ORTH STAR hadn 't yet 
been informed of their funding suspension. 

The Vice-Chancellor maintained that " The issue here 
is not one of freedom of the press, or of administrative 
censorship - it is one of protest of the continued 
anonymity of the NORTH STAR." . 

Prior to Wednesday, it appeared as though arbitra-
tion between NORTH STAR and the Communications 
Board regarding the issue of " anonymity" as oppo ed 
to "identlfication" was progressing smoothly. Murphy 
ays that "The Communications Board is aware of my 

action, but I took this action without th ir r qu t or 
concurren e." 

Murphy add d that the NORTH STAR will stilr have 
acc to its adverti ing r venue, and aid that the 
Univ r ity ha not int ntion of stopping the NORTH 
TAR' continued publication . H al 0 aid that the 

"Com muni at ions Board ha invit d alternative 
pro po ai, but the NORTH TAR ha r j ct d and 
r fus d It rnatives to th qu tion of anonymity." H 
stat d that th su p n ion would b li ft ed if the 
NORTH T R would compl y with th ommunication 
Board ' d ir r garding printing of a taft box. 

A ording to a member of th NORTH T R collec-
tiv , th NORTH TAR wa planning a compromi by 
ugg ting alternative solution to th problem, and 

thi u p n ion ca m b for the had a chan to off r 
ugge tions. 

" W plan to ontinue publi hing re ularl - and w 
n d mon yin th form of fundin via ub ription, via 
adv rti m nt , in any way w ea n tit," m mb r of 
th 011 tiv aid . 

Friday, April 6, 1973 

Madrid Accepts 
Minnesota Post 

Don Maker 
hould th Adminl tration grant rturo Madrid, 

Ph.D. and in tructor in panish Literature, accelerated 
t('nure on the taff of Thiro Colleg ? 
TO THE TRITON TIMES : 

I would like to thank my student (graduate and 
undergraduate) at Revelle, Muir, and Third College 
for their letters in upport of my tenure nomination. 
Although the UCSD Administration deni d me that 
promotion it was gratifying to have our vote of 
confidence. 

I have accepted the tenure po ition offered to me b 
the University of Minne ota and will start there in 
September (1973). The deci ion wa not an easy one, 
but in view of the decision of the UCSD Admini tration 
it wa a necessary one. 

Because then' has been considerable misinformation 
circulating on campus about my tenure nomination, I 
would like to use this letler to clarify some matter . 
De pite tatements to the contrary : 

1. My nomination to tenure had the unanimou 
support of the Spani h eclion of the literature 
Department. 

2. My nomination to tenure had the upport of 
the Provo t of Third College, Jo eph Wat on. 

3. My nomination to tenure wa up ported by 
twelve of the fourteen voting tenured member of 
the Department of literature. 

4. My nomination to tenure wa neither 
"premature" nor " accelerated" except in a 
technical en • My current appointment i at 
As istant Professor Setp 6, which i primaril a 
"holding tep", and I would have b en con ider d 
for tenur in S pt mb r of 1973. in e I am 
ompleting my 8th y ar of lull-time t aching (5 

year at Dartmouth Colle~ and 3 y ar at UC iD) I 
feel I have erved out m 'apprenli e hip" and am 
now qualifi d to join th rank of the tenured 
fa ult , the Admini tralion of UCSD not with tan -
ding. 

5. I wa not promi d t nUl within th next two 
year eith r a a L durer o ' a an A 0 iat 
Prof or. I wa told by m Chairman that the 
Chancellor wa prepared to off r m aL clure hip 
with e urity of emplo 'i Jul;1l :. 11 ~u 
year I demon trat d continuing commitm nt to 
undergraduate du ation. 

6. I have taught a r ilt numb r of tud nt , it 
great number of cour , and il reat vari t of 
"ubj ct during m thr e year at UC D, d pit 

(Continued on p ge 9 ) 



Philosophy 170 
The following class, which was not included in the 

Spring Schedule of Classes, is being taught by Professor 
Anagnostopoulos : PHI LOSOPHY 170: METAPHYSICS, 
Monday Evening, 7-9:50, HL 1108. This course focuses 
on one of the major areas of Metaphysics, the Body-
Mind Problem. The various theories, both traditional 
and contemporary, about the existence and nature of 
the mind, will be critically examined. 

Black Music Course 
The Music Department and the Black Inter-

disciplinary Sequence will be offering a repeat of the 
Black Music course this quarter (Spring) to be taught by 
Dr. E.A. Meadows. This course is one of those directed 
towards augmenting the UCSD curriculum with 
courses on Black Culture. Because this course was not 
listed in the catalogue, many students are unaware that 
it is being offered. • 

DESCRIPTION : 
An examination of Black Music from a historical 
perspective, beginning with its Afri can roots and 
continuing to the present. Includes an understan-
ding of the origin and relat ionships between Field 
Honers, worksongs, Blues, Jazz, Spirituals, and 
Gospel Music. In addition, the course includes a 
discussion of Black Art music composers, past and 
present . The link of Black Music to racia l oppres-
sion will be examined. The primary objective of 
the course is to conduct an extensive investigation 
of the music of Black Americar< and to place this 
music within its proper perspective, as a socio-
cultural expression within the field of music. 

The cours is Music 125; 4 Units; Course Code 2620; 
held Thurs. 3-6 p .m.; Room 1205 Humanities library 
Bldg. 

The Music Department and the Steering Committee 
of the Black Interdisciplinary Sequence are hopeful 
that the course will prove to be of interest to many 
students on campus. 

Coast Conservation 
Clarification of provisions of the Coastal Conserva-

tion Plan is the focus of an all-day conference 
scheduled for Thursday, April 12 on the UCSD campus. 

"Proposition 20: Protect ion or Concern?" will be 
held in Room 1449 of the Humanities-Library Building 
at Revelle College. Registration is open to the public, 
beginning at 8:30 a.m. 

Attorney Harold Small will coordinate the con-
ference, which is sponsored by the Urban Affairs 
division cf University of California Extension. 

Urban Affairs Director William J. Siembied a 
describes t~e event as an opportun ity to learn how to 
work unc' the new aCI, effective since February 1. 

" We "'ill take a practical approach to the issues 
raised by the new Plan and its interrelationships with 
the Envinnmental Quality Act and th environmental 
impact plo~ess," Siembieda explains. "The idea behind 
Propositi.) 20 is to J~~ure rrnleclion of the coastline 
for the f1ubli now and in the futur , bUI t ere is 
concern In som s ctors over whether the act can 
actually provide such protection and also wh ther it 
will aus ~ tJnr alistic restraints." 

The conference is of potential int r st to builders, 
land inVf s rs, interested citizens and representatives 
of 10 al :lO'V rnmenl. 

Severa members of the San Di go R gional Coastal 
Commission ar among Ihe speakers, in luding : Dr. 
Elml'r Keen ; ommission Director Tom Crandall; 
Commi sion 5 cr tary Daniel Gorfain; and Jeffr y 

Fraut~chy; who is also a repr 5 ntative to th Stal 
Coastal Commission . 

Fe for th Thursday conference is 525, with advan e 
regi tration requested if possibl . For nrollm nt infor-
mation, tE'l!'phon 453-2000 ext nsion 2061 . 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, April 6, 1973 

Chometz Sale, 
Chabad House 

Rabbi Jacob Kranz of Lubavitch-Chabad House, 6115 
Montezuma Road, is conducting a pre-Passover sale, 
the commodity bein~ chometz or leavened products. 

A commandment rn the Bible which directs itself to 
Jews states ihat no leavened bread or chometz 
products should be eaten or owned by Jews during the 
Passover season. When Moses led the Israelites out of 
Egypt 3,000 years ago, there was no time to bake bread, 
thus unleavened bread or matzoh was eaten. Rabbi 
Kranz ascribes a mystical twist to this fact: chometz 
products rise when baked, as do arrogant souls rise. But 
matzoh does not rise when baked and is comparable 
to a humble soul. 

" The commandment is often neglected because 
people consider it silly and merely symbolic/, said 
Rabbi Kranz. "Notwithstanding, any Jew len with 
chometz in his home during Passover is going against 
the Torah. " 

Rabbi Kranz is aiming his efforts at the college 
students and youth in the community because they 
possess leavened products in their homes and must be 
made aware of the commandment. 

A convenient custom exists where the rabbi is given 
the power of attorney to sell all chometz of the person 
who mails in the delegation form. There is no cost for 
this service, but the form must be returned to the rabbi 
by the morning before Passover, April 16. The rabbi is 
responsible for negotiating the sa le of all chometz to 
non-Jews. 

The seller must securely lock away all leavning 
products so that he is not able to get to them. Once the 
selling transaction has occurred, the homeowner does 
not legally own the chometz in his home. After 
Passover, the transaction is reversed, and the chomelz 
again becomes the property of the seller. 

Politics of the Oceans 
Dr. Edward Wenk, Jr., first science advisor to 

Congress and former cabinet-level officer under two 
Presidents, will speak on "The Politics of the Oceans: A 
View From the Inside", at a seminar Friday, April 6, at 
3:30 p.m. in Sumner Auditorium on the campus of 
Scripps Institution of Ocea nography, UCSD. 

The public is invited to hear Dr. Wenk, who was first 
appointed to the White House staff in 1961. In 1966, he 
was named executive secretary of the National Council 
on Marine Resources and Engineering Development 
by President Johnson. He was retained in that post by 
President Nixon. 

His book, THE Politics of the Oceans, was publ ished 
in 1972. Commenting upon it in Science magazine, 
Robert Gillette says that, "More than an anthology of 
tales out of school, his (Wenk 's) book recounts in 
almost overwhe lming detail an era in which the 
government's interest in marine science affairs 
burgeoned." 

His talk is sponsored by the UC Inst itute of Marine 
Resources' Center for Marine Affairs and the Depart-
ment of Scripps Institution. 

CMA President Speaks 
Dr. Thomas Almandorf, president of the California 

Medical Assn., will be a major speaker Apri l 28 at a 
public conference on health care. 

Almandorf, newly installed president of CMA, will 
speak in opposition to development of a national 
health care program. He will address a one-day con-
ference titled "National Health Care - Who Pays? 
Who Benefits?" to be presented by University of 
California Extension , San Diego at Roosevelt Junior 
High School. It will meet from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. 

Dr. Jeoffrey Gordon, medical coordinator for the 
Beach Area Free Clinic in Sa n Diego, will serve as 
coo rdinator for the program which also features Dr. 
Brian Biles, a physician who is a legislative assistant to 
Con~r ssman William R. Roy; Dr. Max Scho n, a 
den list, and Dr. Paul O'Rourke, a consu ltant on hea lth 
ar legislation for th e State Senat . 

The all-day s ssion will center on questions such as 
wheth r improving hea lth ca re Qemands mor than 
just pulling additional mon y into the system, wheth r 
health insuran e r ally protects us financia lly, and who 
is r sponsib le for s eing that h alth are is available. 
Discussion will also cover whether hea lth car i a right 
to b guarant d by government. 

Rabbi Jacob Kranz is given a Pre-Passover Power 
of Attorney form by Barbara Suckowski. 

Native American 
Course Offered 

A new course in Native American Studies will be 
offered in Third World Studies this Spring Quarter. The 
course, Biographies of Great Native Americans (104) 
will be held Mon. 3-5 p.m. in 2402 21A Muir. This 
course will be substituted for Third World Studies 102, 
" The U.S. Territorial Expansion Pol icy vs . Indian 
Remova l and Confli ct." Any students who have 
questions or wish to enroll in this new course should 
come to the Third World Studies Office, 410 Me. A 
department stamp is required . 

Project Concern 
Project Concern is sponsoring a city wide " Walk for 

Mankind" around Mission Bay on May 5th . Walkers 
will have the opportunity to raise funds for Project 
Concern by solici tin g "sponsors" who will agree to pay 
them so much per mile. The ultimate goal is for each 
walker to com plete the entire 20 mile distance. 
Checkpoints along the way assure the sponsor that the 
walker's mileage is veri fi ed. The Mission Bay Walk 
begins at Bonita Cove with the first checkpOint 
opening at 6 a.m. 

The 1972 effort not only assisted Project Concern , but 
such organizations as The Heart Association, The 
American Red Cross, Campus Life and Operation 
Amigo through the local fund-sharing concept. 

The " Walk", now in its third year in the San Diego 
area, is one of nearly 200 across the United States. More 
than 7,000 walkers ranging in age from pre-school, 
elementary, secondary, and college-aged participants 
to retired military personnel all joined in a 20-mile fund 
raising trek. The " Walk" took six different routes in the 
city and brought in more than $80000. Twenty percent 
of the proceeCls were shared local(y by youth, Civic and 
charitable organizations. The remainder went toward 
the completion of Project Concern's new $790,000 
pediatric-maternity hospital, recently dedicated in Ti -
juana. 

Further information on Project Concern's "Walk" 
can be obtained from your school representat ive or by 
writing San Diego County "Walk for Mankind", 3375 
Camino del Rio South, Suite 320, San Diego 92108, or by 
cal ling 280-2100. 

• 
• 
• 

• 

QUESTION: How do you see the 
Left? 

Manny Farber (at podium) introduces Jean-Pierre Go-
rin and Jean-Luc Godard: "The appearance of Go-

GODARD: We-don't see it at all ... dard and Gorin is crucial ... up until now you 've had 
celebrities like Desi Arnaz ... Burt Bacharach ... One 
thing about these two people is that they are - radi-

I " ca .. . 

QUESTION: How does your collaboration work? 
GODARD: Making a movie is just like having a child 
- you need two people 
GORIN: Making TOUT VA BIEN was like a constant 
flow between two poles ... 

"With the return of $10,000 so far 
in lecture fees and for showing 
this $2,000 film, LETTER TO JANE 
has become our GODFATHER -
with such a return on our invest-
ment." 

Godard/Gorin ... (Continued from page 1) 
They described their collaboration 

metaphorically with Godard saying, 
"Making a movie is like having a child-
you need two." In response to a ques-
tion inquiring If their collaboration had 
slowed down their work , Gorin 
remarked that "Tout Va Bien" "Was a 
constant flow between two poles." 

A,segme.nt of Tout Va Bien was shown 

to the audience, bu t the discussion of 
the films of Godard and Gorin during 
the dialogue dealt mostly with parts of 
the film that had been shown that day 
and the evening before. 

Both were reticent to speak about the 
work done prior to 1968 at both The 
Monday evening appearance and 
Tuesday's dialogue. 

ENJOY A KJlYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 

NATURE AND PHOTOGRAPHY COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

A _ ,_." lor .. ..,.It w ... • .. ~ .. tho 
eow...RIwtf. 

• SAm, . ... ft ·i ..... yooq 
• cowt .. ENT . fr_IV all til. MY 

If you're going camping this summer, you 
might want to combine your trip with a tough, 
no-nonsense course in photographic ART con-
ducted outdoors, in Nature's own studio. 
Evening campfire programs and camping tips 
are included. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

• ECONOMICAL . r., ~~." IIIIMH 1101.1," 
• AOVENTUIIOUS £I,..,. ,,, .. It .. 1 ..... 

l ... nlflgS tnrO\lO" MoncIOy 
THE IIG SLEEP 
700& II IS/USA 1946 
8., How.fd Hawh 
Willi Humpllrey BogIn Ind Lou'en _I 
.. oat$(, 5ensual1l1mlrlg of Almond 
cntndle1 S nara bOIled deteCtive novel 
COOL HAMD LUKE 
9;OOpm ' l/S.I 1967 / 8y 51U1rt RosenberlI 
Willi P.uI _mon """ Gectge Kennecly 
A film abOUt. tnln whO 
Wlft not be IUbdoed 
*'1_: _ flIcIIIotIr" 
mil, IIA 

So"",",y w.dNghI 
Tho NoeI"","1 Clnemo 
MTElWTlllIl 
STWIIOAT IILl JII 
,.. .......... fIIIa 

tuoodoy Ind W_y 
IATTI--"fU ImES 
A CoopetabYt Ellort With Tho 
l.W¥trIlIy 01 Co!I_ r._ 
PIEIBIT 
_EaOF 
UMDOIIEYElarMEIT 

~1168 
_byT ..... ~A"'" 
Nt; ~ .. tole 04 'us I'Ie rnt 
rewolutto .. ry abIn fe.ture .-nllable In.,. u! "tt.CIelrlYI_PMCO 
• film Ih tI fl l"'teI_, irQrIC & 

_ylnligenl 
*'1 FIll: __ IInrI, 

UYAK RENTAL 5750 DAY Write : Drew EvereH 
Tue.-Fri. 

9:45-5:30 
at. 9:3085:30 

Ciosed Sun. & Mon. 
233-8328 

fo, 8rodlorl Wrill or Calf 
UYAK RIVER ~'1IUISES ~llEISURE CRAfT 

t7U FUll SI Yo ... AUlDO. 15384-11021 783 6833 

324 S. Finl St., 
Alhambra, Calif. 91802 

".-, .... llI .. ID~Tt 
~-

7456 ~at joIbillvd. 459-434J 
Page 3 Friday, April 6, 1973 Triton Times 



Saturday Films 
This Saturday begins a new Saturday Night Fi lm Series 

sponsored by the Campus Program Board. The fil ms are 
shown once onl y at 7:30 p.m. in USB 2722. Adm ission is 
50¢ and tickets are available at Urey Hall Box Off ice, 
Tues-Thurs 12-5 and Friday 12-4 p.m. 

Th is Saturday's films wi ll be " King of Hearts" and 
" Grand Illusion." " King of Hearts" (i n French with 
English subt itles) is a delightfu l and su bt le satire - a 
penetrating comelil y encased in a beautiful movie. The 
question director DeBroca probes is wheth er, where 
war is concerned, the madmen are the ones inside the 
asylum or out. And he explores the quest ion cogently, : 
witt ily - in this film which is like a dreamy hol ida y 
resp ite from the terror and death of WWI. 

The second feature for thi s evenin g, " Grand 
Illusion", was directed by Jean Renoir in 1937 and 
fea tures Er ich von Stroheim. " In 1937, just one year 
befo re Hit ler began to fan his new armies across 
Europe and start the ominous overtu re to the Second 
World War, there was released in France a motion 
picture which one can con fidently say is the most 
telling examination of the mystery of why men submit 
to war ever put on the screen. It is Jean Renoi r's 'Grand 
Illusion', a film which, fo r everything - theme, 
philosophy, cO,nstruction, staging, performance, and 
mood - merits the highest commendations and the 
monumental fa me it has achieved." (Bos ley Crowther, 
THE GREAT FILMS.) 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Un ion 

Time t o 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mob"~ ~ome 
loans. Our "Aut,)n1a· 
t,on" (Auto tnfo 'matlon 
Service) can as~ is you 
With Blue Book IJrtces. 
dealer discount: apd 
marke values o· new 
and used cars .. '0 r 
Credit Union m lkes 
shOPPing easy, fa ter 
and saves you rloney. 

University & State Employe s 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA 
SANTA CRUZ 

Summer 
Language 
Institutes 
Abroad 

Intermediate and advanced 
intensive foreign language 

study abroad 
FRENCH 

Study in Angers, 
Malne-et-Loire 

JAPANESE 
Program in Oiso, 

on the seacoast near Tokyo 
RUSSIAN 

Study tour to Leningrad, 
Moscow, Irkutsk, Tash kent. 

Tbiilsi, Sochi, Kiev 
SPANISH 

Institutes in Madrid, Spain, 
and Guanajuato, Mexico 

June 25-Seplember 1 
Courses in Conversation, 

Grammar and Composition, 
Cultu re and Civilization 

Up to 15 quarter uni ts credit 
Application deadl ine : April 15 
Information and applications: 

Secretary, SliA 
Communications Building 131 

University of California 
Santa Cruz, California 95060 

Tel ; (408) 429·2616 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, April 6, 1973 

I I 

Pre-Hispanic Art 
One hundred pre-Hispanic Mexican works of art 

from the Jules Berman Collection, Beverly Hills, are 
now on view at the Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego, 
Balboa Park, through May 6, 1973. 

The exhibition is comprised of clay and stone figures 
from pre-classic cultures dating 1500 B.C. to the post-
classic period, c. 1521 A.D. The earliest, the Olmec, 
with its hieroglyphic writing, mathematical and calen-
dric system, is considered by some specialists as the 
only true Mesoamerican civilization . Subsequent 
developments emanated from, or were greatly in-
fluenced by it, according to advocates of this premise. 

Examples from Colima, Nayarit, Jalisco and Veracruz 
are a legacy, enabling an insight into the life at that 
time. ' 

The Fine Arts Gallery is open Tuesday through 
Saturday 10 a.m, to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 12:30 to 5 p.m.; and 
closed on Monday. 

CI:ff1f1lnn: ,f D,mf t" wAll $i {pt.'f) t BIrd 1ft Jrfdrp",s 
V~t I CHll. Los r;""os 
JtJlf~ Hflrmiln COII,·C'ti~' 

Art-za-poppin 
For all students actively 

enro lled in a Sa n Diego 
County high school, junior 
college or under-graduate 
college program who wa nt 
to paint the tow n, Art-za· 
poppin is sponsoring a wa ll 
painting compet ition. Win· 
ning entries wi ll be hung in 
The City Is For Peop le, an 
exhibition inte nded to 
stimulate interest in im-
proving th environment 
of San Diego. 

Design is to be executed 
in rolor on 18 by 24 inch 
mat board, unframed, with 
name, address, and school 
affiliation on reverse side 
as well as a photograph of 
city area to be beautified. 

Designs are to be hand-
delivered to the Artist-
Cooperative Gallery, 3731 
India St., San Diego, April 
17 through April 20, from 
10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

AT THE GLOBE 

INI>IANS 

Tw o 50 cas h prizes 
donated by Schmid Imula· 
tio n, Inc. will be awarded 
at t he Art -z a-poppi n 
Festiva l held at the Salk 
Insti tute Courtyard Apri l 
29. Win ning entries will 
also be on exhibit then. 

If su ff ic ient funds are 
ava ilable winners exhibited 
at The Ci ty Is For People 
exhibit at thp Fine Arts 
Ga llery may get to execute 
their design on a publ ic 
building. 

Ar t-za-poppin is an arts 
music fes tiva l benefiting 
the La l olla Civic/Universi-
ty Orchestra presented an-
nually at the Salk Institute 
courtyard. The La Jo ll a 
Civic/Universi ty Orchestra 
and Chorus is a commu nity 
orc hestra ma d e up of 
gifted musicia ns in the 
commu nity, Its pu rpose is 
to further h ig h qual it y 
music for the enjoyment of 
the entire area. 

For add itional informa-
tion call Artists 
Coopera tive Ga ll ry: 296-
0200. 

Java To You 
Two performances - a concert of Javanese 

" gamelan" music and dance on Friday, April 6, and a 
Javanese shadow play on Saturday, April 7 - will be 
presented here at UCSD. 

The performances, which will both be held at 8:30 
p.m. in the Music Gallery, Bldg. 408 on the Matthews 
Campus, are presented under the auspices of the 
UCSD Campus Programming Board and the Music 
Department. Admission for each performance is $1 for 
the general public, and 50 <;ents for students. 

Mr. K.R.T. Wasitodipuro, Java's most outstanding 
musician and composer, will direct the "gamelan" 
(orchestra) made up of approximately 30 musicians and 
dancers . The concert will include traditional 
" gamelan" music, three new works by Wasitodipuro, as 
well as the special dance performances. 

Two of the dances to be performed are the 
"Lawung" in which gongs accompany male dancers 
who perform with long lances, and the " Camb)'ong", a 
dance to express appreciation of femin ine beauty. A 
dance version of the classical themes, the triumph of 
light over dark and of good over evil, will be performed 
using the two-dimensional movements of shadow 
puppets. 

The shadow play performance to be presented 
Saturday is an impo rtant part of the Javanese culture. In 
addition to being good entertainment, th e plays are 
used to transmit the wisdom of the culture, particularly 
the philosophic and mystic principles of the "semadi" 

disciplin~ to the Javanese youth. 
The plays fall into three main categories which 

correspond to the stages of life, and therefore, have 
special meaning for every age group. Performances can 
last all night, but the audience is expected to wander in 
and out, heeding only those portions of particular 
interest. 

The performan ce is under the direction of a 
" dalang" who is responsible for the stories, character 
of the puppets, music, and commentary. A good 
" dalang" can present 100 different all -night perfor· 
mances and is revered in Java as a teacher and spiritual 
guide. 

The Physical Educilltion Department will be spon-
soring a Master Class in Modern and Ethnic Dance 
featuring Margalit Oved. The class will be held 
tomorrow, Saturday, April 7 from 4-6 p.m. In the gym. It 
will be free to all UCSD students, fillcully and staff with 
10, therefore, iIInyone wishing to atlend should sign up 
immediately in the PE office. The San Diego community 
is also invited to attend. Student admission is $1.50, 
adults $2. For further information, contact Renee 
Cadena, X2282. . 

University Lutheran Church 
And Student Cente r 

Brought to li fe throu gh VIt ality 
and energy, Indian5 bursts 
forth In a rousing and bitter 
struggle. Ma n ipu latt:!d by un-
scrupulous prof i t eers, Buffalo 
811 1 com prom ises his hf o and 
love for the Ind ian nBtion as 
hiS drea m of glory leads to 
nightmar ish corruption . 

Worship Services 
10 A.M. Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

Campus Pastor 
John C. Huber 

Chu rch Office and Answering Service 
453-0561 ~8855 
9595 La Joll Shor 

at North Torrey PInes 
UCSD Students & Staff Are Welcome 

Recordings/Tom Lindberg 

Lessons in Listening 
"I used to get fucked -up before I played - about 

four yea rs ago, but I don't anymore. After I drooled on 
the twelfth fret in front of the audience - I gave up. 
I've developed a pretty resilient attitude about it since 
then." Leo Kottke mn have revised his stage behavior 
of late, but his latest album on Capitol , " My Feet Are 
Smil ing" is hard ly a change in direction for him . Rather, 
this new release, recorded live at the Tyrone Guthrie 
Theater in Minneapolis, is a reaffirmation of the 
technical mastery of the guitar he so stu nningly dis-
played on his earlier, less publicized records. The 
resi lience he has developed is a res ilience to sta sis or 
inert ia in his style; while he remains impeccably 
explosive, flinging through musical thoughts on his 
twelve string with such rapidity and attention to detail, 
he always mai ntains a dignified spontaneity which 
defies his fingering speed .• He plays light, almost 
ethereal melodies, always unpredictable, always 
charmed with an unexpected twist or change in inflec-
tion, and as he states and restates his vi rtuosity he never 
becomes redundant. never tied to syntactical standards 
of expression. He is loyal to a lyrical folk style of 
playing, but he works away from it to the periph ery of 
sweetness with energetic riffs, coveri ng from top to 
bottom the range of h is instrument. Most cuts on " M y 
Feet Are Smiling" are from previous albums, but the 
live recording conf irms what may have seemed unlike-
ly in the pas t; his attack on the instrument is for real , 
there are no overdubs, no accompaniments. He plays 
alone, resounding on stage like a tr io. His voice on 
three of the cu ts is ri ch, deep, perhaps limiting, but also 
a good compl iment for his cool , soaring gu itar work . 
Th is new release is clean, pure, superbly produced, and 

Rosey Grier Sings for Kids Lib 

as resi lient to undermining as Kottke himself is to' 
drooling on his frets. 

Resting perhaps at the opposite' corner of guitar 
dynamism is Mahavishnu John Mclaughlin whose 
latest album, Birds of Fire on Columbia is simply 
breathtaking. The Mahavishnu Orchestra cuts through 
the rea lms of con temporary music with incomparable 
skill, Jan Hammer laying down a sleek, pulsating 
foundation on electric piano, Jerry Goodman pacing 
th group with sweet, energized, perfectly spaced 
violin, and Billy Cobham finally stepping to the 
forefront with the most precise, rapid yet refined 
drumming on the scene today. Mclaughlin is at the 
zenith, and his performance here is beslleft unscathed 
by attempts at description. He said of his work in an 
interview in Cuilar Player magaline : "Music is way 

. beyond the mind. You're conscious of what you' re 
doing, but you're being moved by something greater. 
When I'm completely lost is when the music is the most 
incredible. I'm nol a musician for musicians. I'm a 
musician for non-musicians. That's what I want to be 
and tha t's w hat I'll always want to be. What is a 
musician for if he isn't for the non-musician? I'm a 
musician, I'm the ears of humanity. I listen on behalf of 
hu manity. Most people's roles in this divine drama on 
earth is to do someth ing else, but they love music so I 
am here for them. Musicians are here for people who 
ca n't hear, and painters are here for people who can't 
see - so they ca n learn to hear and see." Birds of Fire is 
one such lesson in l istening, and a more painless lesson 
could hardly be devised .. . enough said. 

" Free to be ... You and M e" is the tit le of a recently rel eased " children's lib" 
record album. Pu t ou t on the Bell label by actress Marlo Thomas and fr iends 
(i ncl ud ing such luminari es as Harry Belafonte, Diana Ross, Dick Cavett and Mel 
Brooks) the album fea tures songs designed to break down the sex-role stereotypes 
ord inarily forced upon boys and girls. On one cut, former LA Ram guard Roosevelt 
Grier sings gent ly that it is okay for boys to cry. In another song Carol Channing 
croons that housework should be shared by mommy and daddy and that the o nl y 
women who smile wh ile doing housework are those who get pa id for doing it on TV. 
Another song tells about a fairy tale prince and princess who decide to trave l and 
study instead of marrying and living happil y ever after. Also, in various cuts on the 
album, women are portrayed as tax i drivers, ranchers and in other male-dominated 
jobs. All that seems to be missing in Claudine Longet singing gruffly that it is all right 
for girls to face behemoths such as Rosey Grier on the football field . 

IF YOU HAVE AN UNUSUAl TALENT, 
YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO BE A 

BUDWEISER~ WORLD CHAMPION! 

Psychedella Is maldnS some sort of a comeback nel" wHk at the lackdoor, SDSU 
concert club in the Aztec Center, with the appearance of Mr. Christopher and his 
Flights of hntillY, a multi-media experience. He will present two shows on Thursday, 
April 12, at 8 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $1 for students with an ASI CiIIrd iIInd $1.50 for 
those without. For more details call 286-6551. 

EARN THIS 
TERRIFIC PATCH, 
7" X6", COLORFUL, 
WASHABLE, WITH 
SPACE FOR WRITING 
IN YOUR SPECIALTY. 

Breathe easy, Earthlings. Budweiser is 
doing something about the current short -
age of world champions in the world. 
Budweiser is sanctioning five foolish 
events in which world-record setters 
can win prestige plus a handsome 
patch. 
In addition to the thrilling BUD · 
CAN TOTE, th re are fo ur others. 
Get details at your favori te beer 
store where you see the gaudy " Bud-
weiser World hampionship" display! 
Do one, bea t the record, teU us about it on 
a postcard and get your marker pen ready 
for inscribing your pmtlcu lar specialty be-
neath where it says " World Champion." 

TO GET YOUR BUDWEISER 
WORLD CHAMPION PATCH 
(EVEN IF YOU DON 'T SET A . 
RECORD), JUST WRITE YOUR 
NAME, ADDRESS AND WHAT 
YOU DID ON Ii POSTCARD. 

SIND 
IT TO 

This fin e yo ung mon is 
doing Ihe BU DWEISER 
CAN TOTE. So .hould 

yo u. Jyst tote a record 
num ber of e mpty Bud 

co n" balanc e d atop o ne 
anoth er. without mishap, 
40r a dido"ce of 25 feet 

and eo r n a dandy 
Bud we ise r World 
Champion patch. 

Record to beot 
i. -' . IYou laugh?) 

IMoybe you 've detected tha t 
this is not on official , rigid.rule. 

" contest. " Bul it is a lot of fun, 
even if you con ' t breok the 
records . You CO " , though, 

con ' t you?) 

NO NOOfI or "'tot .. [ ItOUI .. D Of'U 'tOlD WHU I rtQH lt no I'f lAW "'HOW rou. Wi lleS lOt Df UII U 't 01111 U ' I.U Drc:tM.lU JI. .. 12 
",""(usn l uSt" INC • ST l OUIS 

Page 5 Friday, April 6, 1973 Triton Times 



••.. SO, DIAl UNCLE SUOAR, tWILL NIID MOil DOLlAIS TO KIIP MI IN THI MANNII 
TO WHICH I HAVE alcoMI ACCUSTOMED, • .' 

Saigon's Political Prisoners 
Tell of Torture 

Rermnh:d wllh f)C:rmis~lon rrom Ihe LOSA GELES T IM E , March 4. 1973 

Jacques Leslie 
SAIGON-Displaying 'thei r paralyzed 

and atrophied legs, political detainees 
from SOllth Vietnam's Con Son Island 
prison said in interviews Firday and 
Saturday they were tortured, chained 
and deprived of food during captivity. 

Thirteen prisoners from a contingent 
of 124, conditionally released by South 
Vietnamese government authorities 
more than two weeks ago, agreed to be 
interviewed Qesplte being warned by 
police not to ' talk to foreign journalists. 

The 13 prisoners all said they had lived 
in Con Sori Island's " tiger cages" and 
told of being beaten with clubs, sprayed 
with lime, and having to drink their own 
urine because of th irst. " We were deter-
mined to live so that we could struggle 
for peace," one prisoner said. 

The 13 prisoners said they ranged in 
age from 24 to 53 and have spent a 
minimum of five and maximum of 10 
years in prison. 

Asked why they had been arrested, a 
leader of· the group said most "had 
demanded the right to live and the right 
to peace." This seemed an implicit 
acknowledgement that many prisoners 
supported the National liberation Front 
(Viet Cong). At another point in the 
interview the leader referred to "our 
struggle to liberate Vietnam and bring 
about freedom and independence." 

Although it is possib le tha t the 
prisoners exaggerated the severity of 
their experiences in confinement, their 
physica l condil ion alone seemed to 
verify much of what they said. 

The prisoners were examined by an 
Amer ican doctor, John Champlin, who 
was formerl y associated in Saigon with 
Children's Medical Relief International, 
a charity orga nization which operates a 
plastic su rgery unit here. 

" The prisoners are not only paralyzed 
below the waist," Champlin said, " but 
they are also insensate below mid-thigh 
level. I think their leg problems are due 
to disease, atrophy and malnutrition . A 
number of th m have deep scars around 
their ankles which they said came from 
reg irons." 

Champlin said so me pri sone rs 
thought they had tuberculosis or in-

testinal diseases, but he could not verify 
this because he lacked proper in-
struments during the examinations. 

With proper food , exercise, and 
physical therapy, Champlin said, "the 
younger prisoners have a better chance 
of fully recovering the use of their legs 
than the older ones." 

Champlin said he had listened to them 
discuss their im prisonment and 
" nothing they said flatly contradicted 
the results of my examination." 

The prisoners said 124 of them were 
flown to Bien Hoa; 15 miles northeast of 
Saigon, on feb. 16. 

Five days later they were taken to a 
Buddhist pagoda in Bien Hoa. They were 
then warned against going to Saigon and 
talk ing to foreign journalists but were 
permitted to visit families not living in 
the Saigon area . 

They were released on condition that 
they return to Bien Hoa police head-
quarters 10 days later with two relatives 
who would then be responsible for their 
whereabouts. 

The reason for th ei r conditional 
release is unclear. The leader speculated 
that the South Vietnamese government 
was preparing for an inspection of Con 
Son in accordance with the cease-fire 
agree ment and was therefore 
evacua ting the most se riou sly ill 
prisoners. 

" We were released so that the public 
would not be aware of the horrible 
conditions at Con Son," the leader 
cha rged. 

In a separate interview last week, a 
political pr isoner at the prison wa rd of 
Quang Ngai province hospital saLd he 
had heard that about 20 or 25 Con Son 
prisoners were transfered to the Quang 

gai prison in mid-February . He said he 
was told that many of these prisoners 
also were paralyzed below the waist. 

located about 150 miles south of 
Saigon, the Con Son Island prison is 
considered the least pleasant of South 
Vietnam's major prisons. It is a collection 
center for political detainees most firmly 
opposed to the government. 

During the interviews, one man, ap-
parently the group's leader, did much of 
th talking . His sta tements showed 
much politic.al sophistication as well as a 

deep commitment to the NlF. 
For example, at the end of the inter-

view, reflecting the NlF's political line 
on the cease-fire, he said, "Although we 
were tortured and mistreated to a point-
near death, because of the peace agree-
ment and the spirit of national recon-
ciliation it calls for, we are willing to 
forgive and forget what has happened t~ 
us." 

Through the interviews the prisoners 
were calm and matter-of-fact. They 
appeared anxious to tell their story, and' 
asked visitors to feel their emaciated 
legs. They also showed scars on their 
hips and buttocks which they said were 
caused by beatings. The prisoners 
moved about by sliding along the floor 
on. their hands, either ?ragging t~eir legs 
behind them or holding them In front. 

One prisoner pointed to a visitor, and 
smiling, said, "my leg is sma ller than 
your arm." 

The group seemed well -oragnized, for 
as the leader spoke, two other prisoners 
supplied dates and details for him when 
necessary. 

The following account is based on 
descriptions by the leader and other 
prisoners of their experiences in con-
finement: 

'Some prisoners said that immediately 
after arrest they were tortued with elec-
tric shock or beatings. Prisoners were 
forced to drink water, then were struck 
on their bloated stomachs. Most were 
held at other prisons before being 
transferred to Con Son. 

At Con Son they were sometimes 
beaten for not saluting the government 
flag. One prisoner said his hands were 
tied behind him and he was then 
suspended from the ceiling by his hands 
and beaten continuously 'for two hours. 

He said he was then taken to a stone 
cell of about 17 square yards and was 
tied to a pole with 25 other prisoners. He 
was then beaten again, along with the 
others. 

Beaten bv Trustees 
The reader of tfie 13 prisoners said 

prison offic i als often let common 
criminals, whom he called "trustees", 
perform the beatings. He said there 
were about 10,000 political prisoners at 
Con Son, and that all received beatings. 

During this period political prisoners 
were given two- meals a day, each con-
sisting of a small portion of rice and fish 
paste w~ich was rotten and generally 
covered with flies. " We forced ourselves 
to eat what they gave us because we 
were determined to live," the leader 
said. 

Prisoners said they felt "a strong sense 
of solidarity" and tried to help each 
other survive. They said they massaged 
each other's sore muscles and even gave 
artificial respiration when necessary. 

Became Enraged 
"The trustees s.1IW our solidarity," a 

prisoner said . "That enraged them. It 
moved them to do even more harm to 

. us." 
When on Feb. 22, 1967, prisoners 

refused to salute the government flag, 
they were moved to Con Son's "tiger 
cages" - cells of about 3 yards by 2 
yards whose ceilings consisted of bars. 

At first, they said, there were four 
prisoners per cell, but each week four 
more prisoners were added, unti l by the 
third week, there were 12 prisoners per 
cell. 

" This was the toughest period," the 
leader said. When prisoners wanted to 
lie down, they had to do so on top of 
each other. " When the people on the 
bottom couldn't stand it any further, we 
switched," one prisoner said. As he 
explained, other pr isoners gave a 
physical demonstration. 

The prisoners said at th is time the 
supply of food and water was so small 
that they occasionally drank their own 
urine. Rice was given to them not in 
bowls but literally in handfuls, and they 
had to eat quickly or be beaten, they 
said. 

Prisoners said that when they were 
taken out of their cells for beatings, they 
purposely fell down so they could 
quickly eat grass as they lay on the 
ground. Authorities then grabbed them 
by the neck and tr ied to take the grass 
out of their mouths. 

The leader said that in February, 1972, 
the prisoners demanded medicine and 
better food and authorities reacted by 
pouring lime on them. As a result, "peo-
ple started to vomit and sneeze blood. 
After a time there was (about half an 
inch) of lime in the bottom of the cage." 

Several Died 
Prisoners said by this time they had 

seen several prisoners die as a result of 
beatings. . 

They said that after a visit by two U.S. 
congressmen to the tiger cages in June, 
1970, they were moved to cells which 
had formerly been cattle sta lls. These 
were made of cement and still conta ined 
animal troughs, the prisoners said. There 
were 10 inmates to each cell. 

In October, 1970, the prisoners said, a 
group of American military doctors 

continued on page 10 

'THIS STU" 15 a.un.,.1T .0. DooMIATlIT 'HI WAT, WHIII II ... THI •.• DOe ••• " 
§IIIIIIIII' 111111' IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII~ 

UCSD 

w. take phone ordera 
Phone 453-6455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor & Genesee 

200/0 off for UCSD 
Siudenta with 10 cerda 

Pag 6 Triton Tim 5 Friday, April 6, 1973 

.l:-~~ 
~jE 

{,.if!.7} 

Shanghai 
Mandarin & Shanghai 

Style 
Chinese Restaurant 

10% off dinner 
menu with student I.D. 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARD FOR 
WEEKDAY LUNCHES 

i. i, 1G 1-
~~ 14 t:, ~t 
Jft ~ Ji ~ 

§ itlfl..ft ~ 1017 pro peet § I l4~~~~~ I 
~ ~ 
ffllllllllllllllllllllll llllllllllllllllllllllllllllttlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll111111111111111 I iF. 

CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 
presents 

COMMANDER 
CODY 

And His Losl Planal Airman 
In concert 

Roy Raisin. opening act 
FRIDAY The 13th 

UCSD Gym 9:00 P.M. 
UCSD Students (with I.D.) $2 
General Admission $3 

Tickets on Sale: UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 
Tues.-Thurs. 12-5 
Friday 12-4 

Closed Monday Also at the door 

~HTTHRS Ttl THE HINTeR 
Dr. Madrid Approves of Investigation 

by Affirmative Action 
April 1, 1973 April 4, 1973 

To: Dr. Arturo M~rid 
From:Or. Juan Yluerabide, 
Chairman 

To:Dr. Juan Ysuerabide, Chair-
milln 

A'firmati\'e Action Committee 
Affirmative Action Committee 
From:Arturo Madrid 

followi ng my private conversations 
with you, I have brought your case 
before the Affirmative Action Com-
mi llee and have received their approval 
to proceed with an investigation of the 
po licies and procedures used to 
eva luate your recommendation for 
tenure by the Department of literature. 
However, we should like to have in 
wri ting a statement to the effect that you 
approve of an investigation where cer-
tain personal aspects of your record 
might become public. 

In answer to your memo of April 3, 
1973. Since I feel that I should be party to 
any secret or confidential information 
which is in my file, I certainly approve of 
" an investigation where certain personal 
aspects of [my) record might become 
public." I prefer to have these "certain 
personal aspects of [my) record" made 
public so that I can find out what they 
are and so that I can refute them at their 
source, rather than do battle with in-
nuendo, privileged information and 
" leaks." 

Sincerely yours, 
luan Yguerabide 

. 

AFT Supports Investigation 
To:Or, Juan Yguerabide, Chairman 
Affirmative Action Committee 
From:Steerlns Committee 
AFT Local 2834 
Oate:Millrch 30, 1973 

Dr. Arturo Madrid was recently denied tenure by the 
administration of this University, despite strong 
recommendations that he be offered tenure by the 
Spanish Section of the literature Department, by the 
literature Department as a whole, and by the Provost 
of Third College. These recommendations (the state-
ment of the Spanish Section is attached) show that in 
terms of teaching, university service, nation-wide 
reputation, and creative potential Dr. Madrid is truly 
exceptional in his field of competence. If the ad-
ministration of this university is truly committed, as it 
claims to be, to the principles of affi rmative action, its 
decision in this case is extremely surprising . Therefore, 
the AfT feels that an investigation by the Affirmative 
Action Committee of the procedures followed in 
reach ing this decision is required. 

The AfT is concerned with another iSSlle involved in 
this case. Officially, University of California policy for 
recruitment and advancement is based on the balanced 
consideration of the faculty member's teaching ability, 
creat ive scholarship and community services, in that 
order, as per President Hitch 's directive. However, the 
proper balance is hardly ever kept on this campus. Bad 
teachers and people who serve neither the community 
nor the students are constantly being hired and 
promoted. The balance is never broken in the other 
direction. In the interests of promoting a more open 
and stimulating learning environment at this university, 
the AFT feels that a more adequate balance among 
these factors must be attained, so as not to penalize 
contributions to teaching and responses to student-
community needs. 

We would appreciate your keeping us closely in-
formed of your committee's actions on this matter. 

Fraternally yours, 
Su~n Kirkpatrick 

Bob Heifetz 
(for the AFT Steering Committee) 

r"'" ........... ... ·.w.·.;. '.' ..•. •.•. •.....•...•.•• .................. .. , . .' .• ." ..... '.' 

~~ 
... .... 

=- = 
.... -~~j ~(JQ 

> 
'!.O 
::i"" .. 

I if I :: t::! \Il :: ~~ N ~~ 
S ~ ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ ~ 
.' ~ '. ~ ~ 

1 .. -.-.'.w .••• w •..••••.•.•. "'''-' . .' ••.••••..•.• .'. ..., .• , ••••••••• ~w ...... , ••••• J 

Yours, 
Arturo Madrid 

Devourers 
and 
Palimpsets: 
Refute! 
Editor: 

let us see the facts 
once again in a dim light, 
thus brightening our 
horizons at least another 
micrometer beyond ou r 
nostrils. 

The theories of 
Devouring and so forth all 
ask the simple answer : 
"How did we get here?" 
The Devourers claim 10 per 
cent sucking, while the 
Palimpsest's claim that we 
are here because we aren 't 
or some such dribble. 
However, these theories 
were all created by men's 
imaginations and limited 
thereby. 

In a little reported 
archeo geological 
landslide, several ancient 
stones have recently been 
found to prove beyond a 
doubt that we are here and 
how we got here. So to the 
Devourers I say suck and to 
the Palimpset's I say 
lobotomy recapitu lates 
education . The ancient 
stones reveal the ultimate 
truth and here it is : 

" Many erosions ago , 
before erosion even ex-
isted, we had rocks in our 
heads. Indeed we were all 
rocks and all head, hence 
stony in our outlook . 

'r" "( ,,,,, ,, .. "l".#4-"'<J ( 
4t- .... '.14/1 

'Iow '" 

I~ 

MIANWHIU, UP ON THI CEILING ..• 

Suddenly there descended 
a great m is t which 
mystified our heads even 
further until mystification 
eluded further analysis. 

" Occluded foci turned 
the rocks into pebbles and 
then to sa nd and then to 
mud . The rocks were 
aghast. 

" Great lumps of lava 
spewed forth from the 
bowels of mother rock. 
The bowel excretions built 
la ye r upon layer of 
mystification upon the 
original true head rocks 
which were now forgotten. 

" Somewhere on account 
of the void, mother rock 
farted ." 

The ancient rock sayings 
prove beyond a doubt the 
answer to our being . later 
excretion by the 
Pleistocene Glacial morons 
described it thusly: " We 
are all a pile of shit." 

And finally in th e late 
Anno Dolomite, bastions 
of boulderly put forth 
th ese strange enigmas : 
"Everyth ing we eat turns to 
shit, and si nce we are what 
we eat, we are shit." 

The analogy is clear, that 
the truth has been eroded. 
l et the Devourers and 
Palimpsest's refute that if 
they can! Rocky E. Rolion 

Clarification 
Editor: 

In the interes t of ac-
cu racy, I'd like to correct 
some errors in the report 
of my luncheon with Jesus 
Christ (reported in the IT, 
3/ 16 / 73). Mr . Chr ist 
ordered a small coke, and 
there was ab50lutely no 
chili on his dog. S· I 

,"cere y, 
James Cra\'ens 

Public Affairs 

On Publ ic Television 
Don Orliff 

Recen tl y a convention of publi c television executives 
in San Diego held a closed meeting on censorship and 
other small craft warnings. The Corporation for Publ ic 
Broadcasting had announced that funding for public 
affairs shows term inates with the fiscal year. On 60 
Minutes M ike Wallace interviewed several people 
about this unfortunate event. The comments of 
reporters and congressmen on their fear of curtailment 
of cri ticism would probabl y have made both McCarthy 
and Murrow turn in their graves - if their graves were 
not equipped with remote controls for channel selec-
tion. At least fred friendly is still in some position to 
influence matters. 

One has a diff icult time finding the time that of-
ficialdom gave up on the policy that reporters should 
be on the scene and not hurt; most likely the coverage 
of civil rights demonst rati ons and ri ots slowly con-
vinced people thai television coverage was not good 
for keeping order. At any rate fan shows like the '66 
Democratic Convention seem in retrosp d a cheerful 
prologue to the Decline and fall of the Reporter to a 
lot of people. Congressmen are worried ; and when 

continued on page 10 

triton times 
Editor-in-Chief •.. • ••••••••• , Carny Sharick 
City Editor • • ••• •• , ••••••••. Carrie Rickey 
Manillging Editor •••. ,' ••• • David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor •••. , .• • , •. Debbie Montgomery 
Business Manager ..•. •.•••• Michael Greene 
Editorial Director •. , ••••• , , • , , • Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor •••••.•••••••••• Tom lindberg 
Sports Editor •• , , • • • • • • • • • •• Michael Rath 
Photogrillphy Editor ••• ••• • ••••. • Joe Eastern 
Secretary ••••••••. • .•••• •• Corin ne Cacas 
Assistant City Editor .•• • ••••••• Kathy Kuenzi 
Associate City Editors ••••••••• Richard Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr, ••••• •• , ••• . Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial Oir. • ••••••••. Barba ra Randa ll 
Asst. Sports Editor •••••••••••••• Mark Liska 
The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized as a student 
newspaper by the Communication Board of the Univer-
sity of California, San Diego, Building 250, Matthews 
Campus, h lolla, California 92037. Publintion is twice 
weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Offices ue looted in 
Room 117, Blake Hall, Revelle Campus. For advertising 
phone 453-3722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news 
phone X 1016. 

Fri., Ricks 75c 2722 
7:30 a 10 Saturday FII.s 50c 2722 

By. SIIIWS 118:00 7:30 
April April 

6 Gym Show - "Slraw Dogs" and 7 " King 01 Hearts" and 
"Play Misly lor Me" "Grand illUSion" - R no" 

13 "Fillmore" and "Poen" (short) t4 "Polemkm" and " Ten Days That 
20 "Wal Between Men and Woman" SllOok the World" - Emsteln 

and "The ViOlinist" (shorl) 2t "Becken" Richard Burton 
27 "Prime CUI" and & Peter O'T ODie 

"Les Escargots" (Short) 28 "Report From China documentary 
May In color - Pesl Cullural 

4 "Hospital " and "Blossom" Revolullon In China 
1t Gym SHow - "Play II Aga in Sam" May 

and"Everylhlng You 5 '"La ChlnOlse" (,OOard Atways Wanted to Know Aboul Sex " t2 "Women In Lov .' 18 "Jr. Bonner" and "Unicorn In t9 "Sorrow and th Pity " Ophuls the Garden" (shOlt) San Diego Premo re 25 "Hellstrom ChrOnicle' and 26 "Wild Child" Tru ,laut and 
"The Insects" lshOrll 

"Seven AuthOrs In Search June Gym Show 01 a Rea t Ilort 
t "The Graduale ' and 

Film to be Announced Jun 
B "Horseleathers" and 2 "Z" 

" Duck Soup" (Marx Broth rs) 9 "Man For All Seasons' 

Page 7 Friday, April 6, 1973 Triton Tim 



Crew Classic 
At Mission Bay 

Saturday, one of the 
most prestigious rowing 
regattas on the west coast 
will be held on Mission 
Bay. The San Diego Crew 
Classic will host, among 
others, the United States 
Naval Academy, the 
University of Washington, 
UCSD, San Diego State, 
Orange Coast College, 
long Beach State, Loyola, 
and UClA. 

The match-up between 
traditional powers Navy 
and Washington has drawn 
national attention . The 
Huskies, by general con-
sensus the top team on the 
west coast, and Navy, pur-
ported to be the best in the 

East, should receive some 
mighty stiff competition 
from the Southern Califor-
nia schools . UCSD has 
some pretty decent shells 
entered in the lightweight 
four, freshman four, 
lightweight eight , and 
freshman eight categories. 

Races will begin at 9:00 
a.m. and will cu lminate at 
11 : 45 a. m . with the 
featured varsity 
heavyweight eights. Good 
vantage points can be 
found on Santa Clara, EI 
Carmel, Ventura, and Bahia 
Points just off Mission Blvd. 
in Mission Beach. It's free 
and it's first rate. 

Women Smash 
Griffins 

In their rematch against Grossmont Wednesday, 
UCSD's women 's intercollegiate basketball team 
defeated the Griff's 55-38. 

Even though the Tritons had not played for almost 
three weeks, the Grossmont girls could not touch 
(without fouling) the Tritons, who were led by Sharon 
Wood's 23 points. 

The first quarter ended with the Triton girls only 
ahead by three points. But the drives by Wood, and the 
fine team play and rebound ing of Aliena Salmon, Diana 
Barba, Judy Lower, and Hilary Chitt ick proved once 
again that poise and coordination can beat hustle and 
determination. UCSD led 28-14 at the half. 

The Grossmont team must be commended for some 
fine hustle and good shots under pressure. But time 
would have been the only thing that could have beaten 
the Tritons. 

The second half opened with a quick lay up by 
~ood: The fast .break set the pace for the third quarter 
In which 17 POints were put in for UCSD. 

When the lead looked secure, the "substitutes" 
including Si0l!x Amaral, Elaine Fong, Kathy Spatafore; 
and Cheryl Elliot, managed to maintain a 15 point lead 
with the help of the Tower, Judy lower, even though 
they were outscored by three points in the fourth 
quarter . • 

This was the second clash between the two teams 
with U~SD on top both times by 16 and 17 points: 
respectively. 

The girls' last home game is Friday at 5 p.m. Come on 
out and cheer on some deserving athletes. 

Spring Fling 
In Recreation 

The Recreational Events Club is sponsoring many 
new and different events this quarter as well as popular 
activities of the Fall and Winter quarters. To begin with, 
they are sponsoring an evening at the Cinema leo in 
Pacific Beach. For those unfamiliar with this fine arts 
theater, it is reknowned for its interest in the great films 
of the past. Wednesday night, April 11, at 6:30 p.m., 
transportation will be provided from the gym parking 
lot to view the " Plainsman" with Gary Cooper and "My 
Little Chickadee" with Mae West and w.e. Fields. The 
cost is 501t, payable that night. 

:Als? being sponsored next week is the last one-day 
ski trip of the year to Snow Valley . Reservations are 
being taken in the PE offices immediately. The prices 
are $3.50 for all-day lift tickets, $1.75 for transportation, 

(Continued on page 9) 

AOC PCILf*S CORP preseI'ItS 

DUSTIN 
HaFF~ 

., SAM PECKN>AHS 

·S II INN DCGS· 
Page 8 Triton Times Friday, April 6, 1973 

SPORTS 

Sports Calendar 
OK sports fans, you've 

had a couple weeks off, 
you've had a chance to get 
some sun, sand and a little 
good old home-cooking 
(or a great time 
backpacking in Mexico) so 
th jocks have got .a fun -
filled weekend for you: the 
loyal, hometown, all-UCSD 
sport fanatics to get you ' 
back into spring sports and 
enjoyable adventures. 

The UCSD version of 
Boo z e,r sAn 0 n y m 0 u s 
(Rugby for the uninitiated) 
is having a grand get-
together up in the quiet 
sunny little town of Santa 
Barbara (I hope somebody 
warned them of the im-
pending trouble). This is 
the big one so far this year: 
over 40 teams are entered 
in the Santa Barbara 15's 
tournament. Rumor has it 
that the UCSD I's team is 
seeded first (that's the best 
you can do) in their divi-
sion, so the sparks should 
be flying on the blood 
drenched field as the 
Tritons valiantly try to cop 
the top trophy. The 
Ruggers will have a good 
time win or lose, as they 
usually do what with their 
fine, healthy habits concer-
ning drinking parties, and 
very - very nice rugger 
huggers. 

The UCSD gym should 
be the scene of the latest in 
a continually growing 
series of Custer-style 
massacres. The UCSD 
women's basketball team 
confronts cross-town rival 
USIU at 5:00 p.m. in the 
hometowners gym. If the 

girls continue to do what 
they've been doing lately, 
you can bring your brand 
new hand calculator along 
to tally up the UCSD 
scores. Big Aliena Salmon 
will be bringing her im-
press ive new haircut, and 
Judy Lower her impressive 
old everything to the gym 
to excite and elevate the 
watching crowd to new, ' 
never before reached 
highs. This team is the 
strongest and most exciting 
hardwood power to come 
along since the Walton 
Gang. Friday at 5:00 in the 
gym is the time and place. 

The baseball team swings 
into action, but not before 
a two hour trip up to 
Pasadena. They will be 
working to improve their 
record wi th a 
doubleheader starting at 12 
noon. If you dnn't have the 
urge to trek o n up to 
Pasadena, and you won't 
be in the area, be sure to 
catch the team at home 
next Tuesday against the 
Hawaii Marines. 

The baseball team aren't 
the only swingers around. 
The tennis team once again 
has a home match against 
the ever-gruesome and 
foreboding c ross-town 
rivals. This means they will 
be taking on USIU and the 
ever-on-top-of-everything 
Sports Department has 
heard that it should be 
quite a match. The match 
starts at 2:00 p.m. on the 
home courts, so be there if 
you desire a little Stan 

(Continued on ~ge 9) 

"PLAY MISTY FOR ME" 
.•• an Invitation to terror ••. 

Friday, Apr. 10 75¢ In the Gym 

Philp Victorious, 
But Tritons Fall 

Dave Robinson 
Good morning, Mr . 

Philp. Your mission, should 
you choose to accept it, is 
to win a track meet for 
UCSD. This message will 
self-destruct in five 
seconds. 

It proved to be "mission 
impossible" as half the 
Triton track team was off 
studying the Saturday 
before finals . Thus when 
the Tritons travelled to Ir-
vine the results were worse 
than usual : UCI 125, 
Southern California 
College 41 , UCSD 27. 

The Tritons were again 
led by Tom Philp who took 
first in the 120 yd. high 
hurdles (15.5), the 100 yd. 
dash (10.1), and the 220 yd. 
dash (22/4). Other consis-
ten'! performa nces for 
UCSD were second place 
in the high jump (6'2") by 

Bob Sturgon, second place 
in the 440 yd . relay (44.1) by 
Rudy Meyers, Erick Hen-
dricks, Greg Huaser, and 
Tom Philp, and third place 
in the 440 yd. dash (51 .6) by 
Greg Hauser. 

With less than a week 's 
conditioning behind them, 
AI Shamble and George 
Geissinger helped fill in 
some of the events for 
UCSD. Shamble managed 
to take fou rth place both in 
the 440 yd. dash (54) and in 
the long jump (19'8") . 

The mile relay (3:54) was 
run by a suicide squad con-
sisting of a javelin thrower, 
a pole vaulter, a new 440 
man, and a discus thrower 
- Dave Robinson, Craig 
Barrett, George Geissinger, 
and Ian Roth respectively. 
They lost. 

Better luck next time. 

Alumni-Varsity 
Battle Looms 

. In a contest ~hat should rival the USA/Russia Olym-
piC bask~tball fll~al, the Frazier/Foreman fight ora hard 
fought ~I~dly-wlnks gafTle in upset, hilarity, and true 
competitiveness, the Triton Rugby Team invites all to 
come and watch Saturday, April 14, on the rugby field 
east of the gym, as the young, boisterous upstarts battle 
the old beer-bellied die-hards for the glory and 
privilege of being first to the beer. 

This classi~ pits a sl.eek, swift bunch of inexperienced 
college radicals against a slower, heavier (as in fat) 
group of experienced old-bitties (some are even over 
30!! !). The contest should produce ludicrous results as 
the. feeble poss~ss tricki~ess, wisdom, and cunning 
whlc~ comes. With a~dltlonal. ~ears in rugby (and 
America), beSides haVing a definite weight advantage 
of 10-20 Ibs. per rugger. 

Even though these seem like insurmountable odds 
the youngsters are not discouraged, for they will match 
strength and experience with blinding (whoosh I) 
speed and sheer stupidity. But this is not their only 
advantage. It seems when the two teams' rosters were 
checked for ineligible players (something new in the 
life of Triton rugbymL it was noticed that the oldies 
were missing players with any experience in a few key 
positions. Tne oldies hoped to have been saved of one 
of t.hose embarrass~ents ~hen hearing that probably 
their best ~ooker, ~llck M,c Branch, was coming back, 
but. to t~el~ despair, h~ en~olled in college. So the 
oldies Will find trouble In Winning scrums. 

. The ancient also lack a gazelle-type jumper to win 
line~)Uts, ~ut they will probably try to neutralize this 
obVIOUS disadvantage by sicking Peter "the Barger" 

Wa~sdrop and . not-so-subtle Grab-Your-Jock 
ChrIStopher on him, but they will have to be super-
sleuths in order to accomplish this under the watchful 
AI Junnipero's ey.es, who was invited especially for this 
contest and duly Informed of this tainted side of rugby. 

So as you can see, where one side falls short, the 
other excels and it will be interesting to see which 
factors will prove decisive. Will it be speed or strength? 

~o~e,. place your bets, and find out for your own 
l~trlnSIC knowledge Saturday, April 14, at the rugby 
field . Also, for those hard-core fan enthusiasts there 
will be a slam-bam-thank-you-all end of the ~eason 

rug~y party (the location will be divulged at the game). 
~ If you ~ate to watch, but love to participate, come 
lOin the Triton rugby festivities. Be there or be "left out 
again." 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 

Serving Pizza, Ravioli, Spaghetti 
Chicken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

. tU" min SO< dell.ery charse) 

50¢ Off 
Any Pizza 

3304 Goyernor Dr. 
in Uniyerslty City 

at Resents Rd. 
Call 453-1177 

Calend~r ... Heisi .~g Awarded Grant Madrid ... (Continued from page 1) 
Ly~n HelSln; recently dary, and creates h",avier (Continued from pase 8) 

Smith-type action . 
~~~Ive? sw,or that the and more seV'-;e smog the statements of the Vice-Chancellor for 
. a lon~ clence ~ounda- conditions. No study has Academic Affairs. 

The other group of 
swingers walking around 
campus will also be in ac-
tion this weekend. The golf 
team travels out to Carlton 
Oaks to take on the San 
Di ego State Aztecs, the 
other cross-town rivals in 
the area. The match starts 
at 1:00 p.m. on Monday, so 
if you aren't around this 
weekend to see the other 
exciting sports events, you 
can sti ll have a chance to 
root on the home team. Go 
catch the golf team. 

tlon wll~ be funding her been done of pollutant In dosing I would again like to thank you for your 
propose summer research levels in the county and support. 

Recreation (Continued Irom page 8) 
rentals $3-4.00, and lessons $3.00. The bus will leave at 
4:30 a.m. from Urey Hall parking lot and return at 8:30 
p.m. that night. This trip will be Thursday, April 12. 

. Plan a~ead for the Disneyland trip on April 20. 
Tickets Will be 56.00 for any UCSD associated person. 
More information will be provided later in the TRITON 
TIMES. Thanks for your support in our activities this 
yearl 

stul1y . to 1eteimi.ne air the statewide air poll'ution pc;> utlon eve s an San control district operates 
D!ilgo. The $18,410 grant only 6 stations throughout 
WI cover research over the county, which do not 
!h~ three month 1973 present an accurate picture 
u me~ .season. of the nature of smog The 

Rece iving the largest of propo ed study has been 
the. 80 !?rant~ awarde~ endorsed by several city 

natlon~atlonwlde, lynn s organizations, and will be 
gro~p IS one of the tv.:0 used to det ermine fu rther 
projects at UC~D to Win studies of other parts of the 
support. Centering on the count 
Mission Valley area, the 10- Lyn~' has express d th 
member stude~t group ~ill need for communit ar~ ~e~dleop afn tahar pollution ticipation in the p~ofect 

o e average Sh eq t h . 
summer da ,based on data . r ue~ stat any~ne 
they will Ybe collectin Int ~rest d. In volunteering 
Their study will be th fir~i their services to the study 
of its kind co d t d ' h contact her at 453-9388 or 

n uc e an t e ext. 1022. 
country. Sh I ' d h 

The study is important as proJ'eecterXePqal.ne dt . ~t the 
San Die . ' dl uar s riving to 
becomi ngg °a~~tI~ea p 'l Y ~ monitoring sites selected 

r os In the Valley t k ' 
Angeles in popula.tion si.ze, mea sur e men t's aa t I n~ 
and ha~ the worst Inversion different times a d Th ' 
layers In the country. This requires a minimul~rof 1'~ 
means t~at pollution is people hours a da to ac-mor~ eaSily trapped under complish. She we';; on to 
the inverSion layer boun- say that the instruments the 

group will us are easily 
ol;ler.ated, and that anyone 
Wishing to help in data 
sampling could learn to 
operate the devices. The 
volunteers would not be 
required to provide 
transportation, as the gas 
and automobiles will be 
supplied . 

The project. will also 
need those people in-

Arturo Madrid 
Dr .. Ma.drid's response would seem to answer the 
~uestlon If the granting of his tenure was the only issue 
Involved. ~ 

MECHA fe~ls th~t the failure to grant said tenure is 
a~o~her ~anlfestatlon of discrimination from the Ad-

mlnlstr~tton toward the minority programs on campus 
and Third World Studies in general. ' 
. Some of the staff of Third College views it as another 
sl~n . that th~ Administration wants to cut back or 
eliminate T~lr.d Colleg~ from the budget. 
. ~r . Madrid IS not giVing his opinion, other than what 
IS In hiS letter. This unfortunate decision will soon be 
r medled. But, if the opinion of the majority of his 
students .and fellow Instructors is correct, it will be to 
the detriment of the Chicano Studies program and 
UCSD. 

Dr. Salt man, Vice-Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
stated that th~ ~rim.ary rcason tenure was not granted 
was Dr. ~?drld's failure to publish since his Ph.D. was 
aw~rd('d, ... desplte having been offered every oppor-
tunity and encouragement." 

Dr. Madrid felt !hat his firs! obligations were to his 
students and to hiS community. With the support of 
MEC,:!A and Third. College staff and students, Dr. 
Madrid h~s been 1'1. large part responsible for im-

~rovlng minority community relations with the Univer-
sity. 

~any advancements have also been made in the 
ChlC~no . Studies program, including a degree in 
Spanish Literature to be offered starting next year. Dr. 
Saltman concurs that Dr. Madrid's teaching methods 
and results have been very good. 

The. University of Minnesota, which has not yet 
beneflte~ from Madrid's work, feels his student and 
community relations were outstanding enough to give 
him tenure. 

Fourth College ... 
terested in biology and (C • d 
chemistry, as the study will ontmue from page 1) 

Sun and More Sun! 
We?nesday was the kind of California day that brings people out in the su n~iline 

lowering class attendance. Compounding that, " Roy Raisin" presented the first noo~ 
concert?f the ~u.a rter on t~e R~velle Plaza, bringing three to four hundred students out 
to bask In radiation and Vibration. 

The band played ac~ustically for 20 m inutes and then switched to electric rock and 
roll. They w!" return With their brand of country rock and roll to play with Commander 
Cody on Friday, April 13 in the gym. 

f
Noon .concerts, sponsored. by the Campus Program Board, will be presented more 

o \('n thiS quarter than preViously. 

~----~----~ 
CI~~MA L~() 
a~,~, (. l?~t I ",... I~I f.:t 

..-.;.-..-.J' eLf) MCNI~~ 

~ 1111111111111 11111 1 11111111 111111 1 11111 IIIIIII! 

Live 
Entertainment 

at the 

Coffee Hut 
Now Playing § (In woods near i 

PLAINSMAN (1936) = Revelle Provost's = 
Gary coope;/~/ean Arthur I Office) I 

MY LITTLE CHICKADEE (1940) - 8:30 = 
W.C. Fields & Mae We 1 I Saturday Evening I 

Stud~nl Dlscounl = = 
Box Oifice op~n ~t 5:30 481-3353 i i 

... --__ .. __ .. _____ ~~~;._ .. ~lIlIllIIllIIlIIltllllllllllllllllllllllltlll; 

al 0 be investigating such 
questions as the effects of 
gaseous pollutants on life 
- human and botanical -
the amount of lead co n-
tained in soil samples 
f?und alongside highways 
like 18, and the analysis of 
air samples for pollutant 
levels. People who are in-
terested in weather 
(me teorology) are also 
needed, as the pari 
~eather plays in air pollu-
lion modelling is of prime 
Importance. 

~hotographers can also get 
Involved . Time-lapse 
movies are being taken 
now, and will continue 
being shot through the 
summer. These will picture 
the build-up of pollution 
during typical summer 
days . The California 
Highway Department will 
be conducting air flights 
r1easuring inversion layers, 
and photograph rs will be 
needed to take pictures 
from the air to later be 
used in slid presentations. 

The results of this in-
vestigation will then be 
communicated to any 
group requesting a presen-
tation. All ready, the San 
Diego City Council, the 
County Air Poluttion 
Board, and various other 
civic groups have re-
quested that t.he findings 
be made known to them 
after the conclu ion of the 
project. 

plus 

'pLAY MISTY 
FOR ME' 

ete.MONDAY 
I.ck.lrk Ora •• , 

... ~~!.~!£~:41 

followin.g the model of Literature 1;, will use juniors 
and seniors under staff direction as tutors. 

Fourth College also plans to pres nt a College 
Colloquium for entering stud.ents. The Colloquium will 
seek to create a college learning community. In a series 
of coli ~ge lect~res and. weekly small !VOUP discussions, 
the stud nt will examln academic Interests with the 
facu.lty an~ have an opportunity to learn how to 
par.licIP?t In th University community and best us the 
University resources. 

One. of the goals of Fourth Col leg is to d velop an 
Education Research and Evaluation Cenler involving 
staff, faculty, and students in re earch on general 
a pects. of campus life. The Education Re earch and 

E~aluatlon Center would have the capacity to initiate, 
with proper approval , experimental programs and 

course~ and to carry out evluations research to aid in 
college planning and administration. 

The Four~h College Planning Committee pro po es 
that an AdVisory group be appointed by the Provost of 
Fourth College, the Vice-Chancellor, and the Fourth 
College Planning Committee to assist in preparing a 
plan for the governance of th College. The advisory 
group would include faculty, students, and University 
staff. 
. A earch cor:nmittee f?r a Provost for Fou rth College 
IS curr ntly bel~g organized by the Vice-Chancellor for 
Acad\mlc Affa.'rs. The formation of a committee to 
help In selecting a name for the college is being 
planned, also. 

nufacturers as 
KALCOR 
JOSO 
CAPRO 
PREMIER 
ACUFtNE 

4083 Governor Drive at Gef)P!lPp 
telephone 453-5753 

H urs: Monday·Frlday 10·7; Saturday 9·6; Sunday 11 ·4 

<--~Hurry! Offer good through 
Saturday, April 14 

Page 9 Friday, April 6, 1973 Triton Times 
I . I" I 



I L , 

JI-I~11J6 
101-\1,1 
I?OSS .. 

Political Prisoners 
continued from page 6 

visited them and assured them that from 
that point on they would receive better 
treatment. Instead, the leader said, the 
next month the prisoners got one of 
thei r worst beatings : One lost an eye, 
another broke his arm, and many had 
head injuries. 

Eighty prisoners were moved from 
Con Son to Chi Hoa, a prison in Saigon, 
in December, 1970 - probably as a 
result of protest about conditions 
following the visit by the American con-
gressmen/ the prisoners believe. 

At Chi Hoa prisoners said they 'were 
examined by an American doctor but 
were not given treatment or medicine. 

In June, 1971, the prisoners requested 
permission to let their families visit them 
and to get medication . Instead, they 
said, police fired tear gas into their cells 
to force them out, then loaded them 
onto trucks and then boats and returned 
them to Con Son. 

After demanding medical treatment 
and better food at Con Son in October, 
1971, the prisoners were moved to " new 
tiger cages" - isolation cells which had 
recently been constructed inside the 
prison. The prisoners said the new cells 
were more comfortable than the old 
ones and food also improved. Beatings, 
sometimes causing death, continued, 
they said. 

They said they did not know if the old 

CSI Says 
Action 
Produces 
Results 

tiger Ciges were still occupied. Accor-
'ding to their reports, they are now being 
used as storage areas. 

Prisoners said that on Feb. 15, 1973, 
prison authorities announced th e 
Signing of the cease-fire accord, and ~he 
next day 124 inmates were taken to Bien 
Hoa. 

At the end of the prisoners' long 
narrative, the group's leader made his 
statement about "forgiving and forget-
ting," and added : "We also want to 
thank the American labor and student 
movements for contributing their own 
blood and bones to our struggle to 
liberate Vietnam and bring about 
freedom and independence." 

During almost their entire internment 
at Con Son, prisoners wore shackles, 
they said . They lost the use of their legs 
after five months to three years. 

The prisoners said they were aware of 
one man still at Con Son who is now 
over 70 years old and has been im-
prisoned for 18 years without ever 
having a trial. 

Although many observers here 
believe prisoners in South Vietnam 
generally undergo a process of 
politicization while incarcerated, the in-
terviewed prisoners either said they did 
not have much chance to talk about 
politics or refused to discuss this subject. 

The group leader said they could be 
beaten for talking too much among 
themselves, and while in the tiger cages 
they thus spent most of their time staring 
at drops of water on the walls. 

SD Sheriff Rep on Campus Editor: It seems Glen Eisner has 
missed the point. What CSI 
is saying is - talking does 
nothing, action produces 
resu lts . If for example, 
Ralph Nader instead of 
talking about a safe car, 
built one, we could all by 
now travel safely. 

would your food get to 
market - horse and 
buggy? It should be ob-
vious we ca n ' t go 
backward, we must learn 
from our mistakes and 
progress, talk will not ac-
compl ish that . 

The Wr ight brothers, as 
C51 said, built a plane in-
stead of talking. If they had 
talked we might still be 
watching the birds. If you 
want something done, I 
recommend you don/t rely 
on someone else, but that 
you get out and do it . 

Representatives of the San Diego 
County Sheriff's Department will be on 
campus Wednesday, April 11 from 9 a.m. 
to noon (or longer if necessary) to 
describe ca reer opportu nities with their 
organization . Appointments to talk with 
them may be. made by CALLING Career-
Education Planning Services (CEPS) ext. 
2401 . 

Entry- level posit ions as Deputy Sheriff 
are currentl y open and qualified can-
didates are being sought on college 
campuses, although a degree is not an 
absolute requirement. A 16-week 
training program precedes a~signment 

in such law-enforcement functions as 
patrol , crime investigatio n , civil 
processes, court bailiff, etc. Positions are 
open to both men and women. Physical 
requirements are : weight must be in 
proportion to height; vision in each eye 
without correction 20/ 100, or correc-
table to 20/ 30, excellent hearing; no 
speech impediments; and no evidence 
of emotional disturbance. U.S . 
ci tizenship is required . The final date for 
filing an application is April 12, 1973. 
Application forms and other in forma-
tion are available at CEPS, 6th Floor, 
Bldg. 20, Muir College. 

TALK is really useless -
The Sierra Club can protest 
pollution unt il the end of 
the world, but if the inter-
nal combusti on engine 
isn't replaced with a non-
polluting engine, then 
smog will still be there. 
They might even succeed 
in bann ing it, but how Paramedic Testing 

A bauery of free guidance and placement tests for 
people interested in paramedic training was an -
nounced today by the Counseling Department of San 
Diego Mesa College. The tests will help place in-
terested and qual ified people in the college's Licensed 
Vocational Nursing, Radiologic Technology, Medical 
laboratory Assistant, Hospital Home Aide, or Dental 
Assistant tra ining programs for Fall, 1973. 

Anyone eligible to attend a community college is 
eligible to take the tests. This eligibility is based on 
having completed high scho~I, o~ ,transferring fr~m 
accredited colleges or Universities plus havmg 
graduated from high school, or barring completion of 
high school , by being at least eighteen. rears ?Id, 

The guidance and placement tests wi! be given on 
April 7 on the San Diego Mesa College ca mpus. 
Because places are apt to be f illed before the date, 
anyone interested is urged to phone Mrs. Irene 
Sutherland at the college. The telephone number is 
279-2300, Ext. 209. Deadl ine for filing is March 23. 

On Television ... 
continued frona page 7 

congressmen v. orry about the welfare of reporters, can 
Alfred Newma., be far behind? • 

Since these people do not seem happy about the 
present situatiun, maybe they should t.ry another .one 
for size. I sugg'!st that congress reorganize N.E.T. with a 
bigger budget and a board of directors. havin~ terms 
similar to those o f SUI" Erne Court lustlces, With the 
catch that N.E.T. provide free time to federal orn,-~ 
candidates in a uniform system, and disallow the 
commercial n'~tworks from selling pol itical advertise-
ment. This sho lid keep reporters happy because they'd 
be free to do More controversial shows. It should keep 
congressmen ",ttending to be happy that the electoral 
process will be free(r) of corruption, and it should keep 
the view ing publiC happy to be rid of so much political 
news on the networks. The question is whether the 
party with more money thinks i ts disadvantages are 
greater than those of playing the heavy in opposing the 
proposal ; most likely they can complain abou t sp~n­
ding th money being wasteful. If the proposal carnes, 
controversy may be elevated to a position, like 
Motherhood and Marriage, of being highly spoken of, 
h avily subsidized, and easily avoided, 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, April 6, 1973 

.- , 

"EXTRAORDINARY" 
"'EL TOPO' is an extraordinary movie! A phan-
tasmagoric allegory of Western civilization, The 
film is superior for Jodorowsky's impulse to sa-
t ire and surrealism entertains while it slakes the 
popular th irst for blood! " 

- Paul D. limme,man. Newsw .. ek 

"UNFORGETf ABLE" 
" 'EL Tapa ' is a unique and unforgettable ex-
perience! It is just about everything that has been 
said of it. Because it is all things to all people, its 
story is a multi-layered ink-blot test of references 
and implicat ions." - Marlin MiICh .. lI, Afler Dark 

'~MOHUMENTAL" 
.. 'EL TOPO' is simply a monumental work of filmic 
art . One is astonished each time by patterns and 
shadfls of meaning never noticed before. It de-
mands to be seen more than once!" 

- Peler Sch/eldah' In Ihe New York TImes 

"MASTERPIECE" 
.. 'EL TOPO' is a masterpi~ce as much as It is a 
testament to one man 's genius! A work of Incom-

preh~ns ible depth. It is a 'roadmap to the souI 'I" 
-Steven Fuller, CIt.n.e, 

Yours truly, 
Mark Robertson 

SATURDAY AT MIDNIGHT 

~·ShIUld ba 1110. Thl bill 
IIlrhlIProdUCUIOlldlll~ 

Andy 
Warhol 
preeentl 
Joe 
DaJlaandro 
in 

___ _ -n 

, l -- ~--~-'-~ • r T'" P 
: 1 : 

WATERBEO 
MIDDLEAATH CANDLES! 
& A 'AIR OF I •• ..,. .. ,. 
' ANTSFMM KIlO n~11 It:<t! 

(,"U l AVI~'''' 

ACADEMY -_ .. 
3721 UNIVERSfT Y AVE 284 1000 

THE BIGGEST 
BEATLES SALE 

YOU'VE EVER SEEN 
ALL BEATLES 

RECORDS & TAPES 
ON SALE! 

THE BEATLES 
1962-1966 1967 -1970 

o Lon IIf DO; I'I.UU I'I.USE III ; fROM 
ME TO YOU; SNE Lovn YOU; I WANT TO 
l1li.0 ' DUI HAND; ALL MY LOVING; CAM'T 
au II( LOTE; A NAiD DAY'S NiCHT; AND I 
LOVE HEI ; EIG HT- DAYS A WEU; I FEEL 
FINE; TICKET TO I'DE; YESnRDAY; NfLP!; 
YOU'V[ lICIT TO HIDE YOUI Lon AWAY ; WE 
CAN WOI~ IT OUT; DAY TRIPP[I ; 
OI'VE MY CAl; NOIWE"A" WOOO ; NO· 
WHEI[ MAN; MICHfLLE, IN MY LIrE; GilL; 
PAPEilaACl WillTU, [LEANOR I"BY, YEL· 
LOW suaMAIINE. 

n STUWBERRY FI[LDS rOREVER; P£NNY 
[jNE; SCT. PEPI'[R'S LONELY HURTS CLue 
UNO; WJTH A LITTLE HELP FUM MY 
fri.nds; LUCY IN THI SKY WITH DIAMONDS; 
A DAY IN THE LIF _; ALL YOU NIED IS LOVE; 
I AM THE WALlUS; H[LLO GOODIYI ; THE 
FOOL ON THE HIU; MAGICAL MY STE RY 
TOUR; UOY MADONNA; HEY JUDE ; RIVOLU· 
TlON , lACK IN THE U.S.S.R.; WHILE MY 
GUITAR GENTLY WEEPS; OB·LA· OI . OI ·LA. 
PA; Gn lACK; ~ON'T Ln ME DOWN; THE 
UUAD OF JOHN ~ YOlO ; OLD BROWN 
SHOE ; HERE COMIS THI SUN ; COME 
TOGETHIR; SOMETH ING; OCTOPUS'S GAR · 
DEN; LET IT II ; ACROSS TH E UNIVIRU; 
THI LONG AND WINDING ROAD, 

2 Record Set 
LP-5.88 • Tape-7.44 

TttE ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• : ~¢ SO.oooIEATLESPOSTERS .ft. : : MORE BEATLES RECORDS AND TAPES : : THAN YOU'VE EVER SEEN IN ONE PLACE : • fd~'- 25.000 JOHIHENNON POSTERS' r~~'E . : ... WITH BEATLES PURCHASE - WHilE THEY LAST : ~ .....•............................... • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

o lifEr THE IUTLU- LP 3.44-
T ... 4.6& 

o A .. n ROAO- LP 4.44-Ta,. 
4.&. 

o IU"U SOUL- LP 3 .44_ To,. 
4." 

o MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR-LP 
3.44 -To,. 4,n 

8 HUP!-LP 3,44- Ta .. 4." YUnROAY & TOOAY- LP 3.44-
To .. 4.1S 

o IIEVOI. V[I-LP 3.44-To,. 
4.88 

o SGT PEPP[I'S LONH' HURTS 
CLUIIAII0- LP3.44-Ta,. 
4.6& 

o YHLOW SU"".IIIIE-LP 3.44-
To .. 4." 

o IEATLn SECOND ALBUM- LP 
3.44- Ta,. 4,16 

o SOMnHI"G "IW- LP 3.44-
To,. 4.6& 

o BEATUS 'I5- LP l .44-To,. 4,.' 
o THE EAIILY IUTLES- LP 3.44-T.,. 4.6& 
o lEATLES VI- LP 3.44-To,. 

4," 
o TIlE IUTLES STOIIY-LP .. Iy-

2 ",eo-I,n 
o BEATLn WHIT[ AlIUM- 2 

dlsCl-lP l.l1- To,. I .ll 
o UIIGlA DESH-3 dls.s-LP 

1U7-T.,. 13.17 
o YOI(O OlIO/ PI .. ". CIllo Ba.d-

loP. 3.44-To,. 4,1. 

Individually and Collectively 
All Their Recordings DOUBLE DISCOUNTED NOW!! 

THE GREATEST BEATlES SALE 
~ EVER! ~ 
..,.. recodI ~ NCO'dI 

-------------------------, I TO ORDER BY MAIL NAME - I 
I USE THIS COUPON ADDRESS I 
I CHARGE IT to my credit card, CITY I 
I Chee .... : Act' I o MasttrChorlt o B,num.rlurd STATE ZIP _____ _ 
tcILTLI [1. [ 1. T1. r 1. [ I I I 
I Enclosed is check lor ' __ Money Order , -- I Slcnature tJlplrallOO Oate __ _ 
I Make checks or mon .. ), ord .. r payabl .. to SPECifY LP ~TR CASS I "The WHEREHOUSE,: add SOc for 1st Moil to: THE WHEREHOUSE I record. 2Sc for each additional plus S% 3832 SEPULVEDA I 

,~01':'::=S~a!.. ___ _ _ _ _ __ .!,.OR.!~~L!?~~~.!. _ _' 

o JOHII LENNDII-Imal,ne-LP 
3.44-Top' 4.&6 

o PAUL McCARTNEY - Ram-lP 
3.44-Tape 4.66 

o THE IE AILES-HEY IUOI-lP 
3.44-Tape 4.&& 

o GEORGE HARRISON-All nln" 
Must Pns-l discs-lP I .U-
Tope 9.33 

o PAUL MCCARTNfY- .... C.rtn.y-
LP 3.44-Tope 4.66 

o PAUL' LINDA McCARTNEY-
Wings Wild l,fe-lP 3.44_ 
Tope 4.66 

o RINGO STARR-Sent,m.nbl 
Journey-lP 3.44-T.pe 4,65 

o PUsrlC 0110 UNO-LIve 
'flCh in Toronto '69-. 'U-
LP 3.44.- T.,. 4.46 

o G[ORG[ HARRISON-
Wonderwa ll MuslC-lP 3.44-
Tope 4.66 o GEORGE HARR ISON-EIe.tronlc 
Sound-lP 3.44-Tape 4.66 

o RINeO STARR-B.aucoups of 
lIues-LP 3.44-Tape 4.66 

o JOHN LENNON/ PLASTIC ONO 
BAND-LP 3.44-Tape 4.66 

C JOH N l[IINOII , YOItO ONO-
SOME TlM[ IN N.Y.C.-2 Dlsc,-
lP 4,44-Tope 5.U 

o YOKO OND-n, -2 Olscs-LP 
4.44-T.pe 5." 

o YOKO ONO-Unflnished ... usoc 
'2-LP 3.44-T.pe 4,66 

U YOKO ONO-ApprOllmauly 
Inflnltf Un lwerse-2 Discs-
l P 4 ,44_ To,. 5.9' 

\\'1-1 J~ I~J~ 1-1 () lJ S]~ 
Records· 

PACIFIC BEACH 
1414 Garnet st. 
273-9552 

CHULA VISTA 
485 Fifth Ave. 
422-9514 

• 

o diviaion of Intll9,ity fnt..tommen' Corp. 

Tapes 
SAN DIEGO 

6335 EI Cajon Blvd. 
287-5104 

EL CAJON 
173 Fletcher Pky. 

Parkway Plaza 
444-9973 

Pag 11 Friday, April 6, 1973 Triton Time 



• 

.............. --announcements ............................ .. 
rldlY 

Concert 01 Javanese Music 
and Dance. 8:30, 408 MC 
Fri ., ApI . 6, general admis-
sion: 1.00, students: .50. 
(4/6) 
Join us for a Sabbath Dinner 
tonight, 6 pm at the MUIr 
Apartments Lounge. (4/6) 
MATH/SCIENCE TUTORS 
NEEDED. The Academic 
Support Services are still 
accepting students of high 
academic standing (3 .0+ 
GPA and 84 units complet-
ed) as tutors for lower divi-
sion math/science courses. 
Any undergraduate should 
immediately contact Barbara 
Pingree of the Adaptive 
Learning Program , ext. 
2401, room 6008, bldg. 20, 
by Fri . Apr. 13, 1973. Stu-
dents who tutor must sign up 
for Interdls. 196. (4/10) 
THE FRENCH WORKSHOP 
L 'A TEllER for all French-in-
terested students. Intensive 
training in grammar, phone-
IIcs, composition. Registra-
tion and info. with Edith 
Jonsson. Bldg . 2D, Muir, 
room 4012, Thurs.-'Fri . 12-2, 
April 5-6 or call Lit. Dept., 
X2006. (4/6) 
"STAR PARTY TO -
NIGHT" Come one come all 
and see the stars and pla-
nets through our telescopes, 
weather permitting. We will 
be on field NW of Central li-
brary. Look for sign on John 
Hopkins Road. UCSD Astro-
nomers. (4/6) 
Fri ., Apr. 6, 8:30 p.m. -
Concert of Balinese Music 
and Dance, MUSIC Gallery, 
408 Matthews Campus. (4/6) 

Mr. Bruce Bertsch of NA-
TIONAL CASH REGISTER 
will be on campus Friday, 
Apr. 6, to talk with students 
With a BS or MS In Comput-
er Science who would be in-
terested. In employment in 
Software Development. 
Come to Career-Education 
Planning Services, 6th Floor, 
Bldg. 2D, Muir, to schedule 
your In ervlew. (4/6) 

Rice & Curry Dinner - $ 1.50 
- In ernatlonal Center, 
Matthews Campus, Apr 6 
(FrJ) 6.30 P M International 
Club (4/6) 

laturdlY 
Javanese Shadow Play Sat., 
Apr, 7 8:30 408 MC general 
admission: 1., students: .50, 
(4/6) 

ATTENTION ALL SURF-
ERS. The UCSD Surf Club is 
planning a surf trip to Mexi-
co where there will be an in-
tercollegiate surfing contest 
between many southern Ca-
lif. colleges. This is a WISC 
sponsored event and any-
one who would like to come 
along to watch the contest is 
welcome. It all starts this Sat. 
Apr. 7, 

Sat. will be the All Star 
contest and Sun, will be a 
free-for-all. Everyone who 
would like to come should 
come prepared and meet in 
the Urey Hall parking lot at 
either 6pm or 9pm Fri. night. 
The destination will be given 
then. For questions contact 
453-1969. (4/6) 

Live entertainment at the 
Coffee Hut (in woods near 
Revelle provost's office) , 
8:30 Sat. evening. (4/6) 

The Triton Wargaming Soci-
ety Presents the First Month-
ly Battle Royal, this Sat., Apr. 
7, from 1 p.m. to 1 a.m at 
MC 506. Come and become 
Alexander. Napoleon , or 
even General Glap for a few 
hours. (4/6) 

Commander Cody and His 
Lost Planet Airmen, a dis-
tinctIVE: group that plays rock 
and roll, blues, and country 
& western, will be presented 
in concert In the UCSD Gym 
at 8:30 p,m., Friday, April 13. 
Tickets are $3 for general ad-
missionand $2 for UCSD stu-
dents With 10. Sponsored by 
the Campus Programming 
Board at UCSD. (4/6) 

PRE-MEDS: On Saturday, 
Apr. 7, at 10 a,m. there will 
be an orientation meeting for 
new and return ing pre-med 
volunteers at the VA Hos-
pita l If you are planning to 
volunteer th iS quarter you 
should attend. There Will be a 
guest speaker Meet at the 
VA, Conference Room A at 
1000 a m Refreshments Will 
be served. (4/ 6) 

Margalit Oved, dancer, com-
poser, choreographer, will 
be teaching a Master Class in 
Modern and Ethnic Dance 
Saturday, Apr. 7. The class 
will be held from 4-6 pm In 
the Gym ana will be free to 
UCSD students, faculty, and 
staff, (4/6) 

lunday 
Dr. Barnet Meltzer will speak 
on preventative medicine 
and the role of -nutrition at SD 
Fed. Savings & Loan, 1055 
Torrey Pines, LJ, Sun. Apr. 8 
7:30 p.m. - admission free 
- (4/6) 
Tennis Club: Cross rackets 
on the Muir Courts this Sun. 
at 9 (4/6) 
Sunday, April 8, 4:30 p.m, -
The San Diego Chamber Or-
chestra will give a concert in 
the Recital Hall , 409 
Matthews Campus. (4/6) 
Embryonic madrigal group 
rehearsal. Sun, Apr. 8, 7:30 
p.m., 444 HL, New mem-
bers welcome. Bring any 
musIc you have, (4/6) 

Sunday, April 8, 8:30 p,m, 
The Project for Music Ex-
periment will show films and 
Monday, April 9, 8:30 p.m. 
by Manupell i in the Music 
Gallery, 408 Matthews Cam-
pus. (4/6) 

Sunday, April 8, 3 p.m. -
The San Diego Chamber 
Orchestra will give a concert 
in the Recital Hall , 409 
Matthews Campus. (4/6) 

Audilions for the UCSD Dra-
ma Club second annual one-
act repertory theatre will be 
held this Sun, Apr. 8 from 
12:00-3:00 5 one-act plays 
will be done this year In-
cluding , "Next", "Botticelli" , 
"Bringing It All Back Home", 
"Jack or The Submission", 
and "The Loveliest After-
noon of The Year .~ Tech 
crews of all sorts, as well as 
ac ors, are needed for these 
productions. A list of parts in 
these shows can be found on 
the bullet in board of the 
UCSD Theatre. For more in-
formation. or If unable to 
attend at noon on Sunday, 
contact Larry at 453-9045 
(4/6) 

monday 
The Ski Club will be holding 
its last meeting of the year 
Mon. Apr. 9. at 7 p.m, 2C 
110. Discussed will be the 
three day trip to Mammoth on 
the 13th thru the 15th or 16th. 
Be sure to sign up at the 
meeting as space is limited. 
(4/6) 

UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play, 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

SEMINAR IN ENVIRON -
MENTAL STUDIES spon -
sored jointly by AMES/Che-
mical-PhysiCS. Dr. Wayland 
Griffith , Lockheed Aircraft, 
Sunnyvale, Californ ia, will 
present two seminars on 
" Fluid Mechanics Problems 
in Air-pollution Control" Mon. 
Apr. 16, 1973, 1:00-1 :45 
p.m. and "Clean Power Gen-
eration" Mon. Apr. 16, 1973, 
3:00-3:45 P.M, Room 7104, 
Urey Hall. (4/13) 

general 
THE TRITON WARGAM-
ING SOCIETY meets every 
Thurs, night in MC 506. We 
play all night so come and 
leave when you want. New-
comers welcome. (EI) 

THE JUSTICE SYS~EM - A 
panel discussion with audi-
ence partiCipation. An ex-of-
fender, a judge, lawyer, cor-
rections officer probation of-
ficer, and peace officer will 
talk about the local justice 
system: how they see their 
roles, how they interrelate, its 
future, and any1hing else that 
seems pertinent. Sponsored 
Jointly by the UCSD Center 
for Legal and Social Servi-
ces and Career-Education 
Planning Services. T !Jes, 
Apr 10, 7:30, 201 MC 
(4/10) 

BEGINNING KARATE IS be-
ing offered Mon. and Wed 
2-2,50 in Gym. (Class In-
correctly listed as Advanced 
Beginning level) Interested 
students may enroll by at-
tending next class meeting (4/ 10) 

Anyone wishing to join the 
Dance Club should attend 
the first meeting this quarter. 
Club will meet In the PE 
Classroom on Thurs. Apr. 12 
from 7:30-8:30 p.m. For info. 
contact Leslie Scoren, 453-
8504, (4/6) 

On Tues., Apr. 10, "The 
Illustrated Man" will be 
shown in the Revelle Cafete-
ria at 8:00 p.m. The film will 
be sponsored by the UCSD 
Science Fiction and Fantasy 
Club and the Guest In Resi-
dence Committee . Adm . 
75¢, (4/10) 

ATTENTION : The Revelle 
Coffee House is in serious 
need of volunteers, especi-
ally on Fri. and Sat. The sign-
up lists are in the Resident 
Dean's Office all day, and In 
the Coffee House at night. 
Sign-up and work a few 
hours to keep the Coffee 
House open!!! (4/6) 

ANNOUNCEMENT FOR 
PREMEDS. From now until 
mid -April sign-up sheets for 
small groups who want help 
In how to organize and stu-
dy for the MCAT will be 
posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Premed Office. 
Bring study materials to your 
group meeting, (4/6) 

Spring Quarter, Adaptive 
Learning Program offers 
small groups as follows : 
Reading' - M-W 10 a.m., 
M- W 11 a,m., Tu 10 a,m. 
Study Skills - Tu 11 a.m. & 
1 P m. Notetaking - Th. 1 
p.m. Group begins Mon , 
Apr. 9, 1973, Conf rm 6086 
Muir 2D 6th floor call 453-
2000 ext. 2401 , Jackie 
McClinton. (4/6) 

"If you are an undergradu-
ate interested in summer stu-
dy abroad, or for the 1973-
74 academic year, you might 
find it useful to check what 
programs afe ava ilable 
through the Educat ion 
Abroad Program Office at 
the International Center, te-
lephone No . Ext. 1941 , 
(Monday and Wednesday 
mornings only)." (4/ 10) 

AMES Film Series presents a 
film titled, "Pressure Fields 
and Fluid Acceleration " 
(Fluid Mechanics Film), 30 
min. on Apr. 13, in room 
USB 2622 at 12. These films 
are open to the UCSD Com-
munity. (4/13) 

The Chinese film "Hsi Shih" 
(Beauty of Beauties) - a fa-
mous historical episode 
about two states, Wu and 
Yueh, during the period of 
Spring and Autumn (400 
B.C.) - will be shown on 
SUNDAY, APRIL 15 at 2 pm 
in USB 2722. Everyone Is In-
vited . The admission is free. 
The film showing is spon-
sored by the Chinese Stu-
dent Association on campus. 
(4/13) 

Journalist I.F. Stone will be a 
University of California Re-
gents Professor for the per-
iod April 8 to May 5, and will 
give three literature semi-
nars and one public lecture 
(although the seminars are 
also open to the public). The 
seminars will be given on 
Mondays, Apr. 16, 23, and 
30, all from 3-5 p.m. in the 
Formal Lounge, Revelle 
Commons Bldg., Revelle. 
The seminars are titled 
"Journalism and History." 
The public lecture will be 
held at 8 p.m" Wed. Apr. i8, 
in the HL Aud ., Revelle, and 
is titled "The Next Four 
Years." (4/20) 

Exhibition of crafts - weav-
Ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
stained-glass sculpture -
will be on display in the Cen-
tral University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi-
bition is by the Allied 
Craftsmmen of San Diego in 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27) 

Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display In the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nlties -Libraary Bldg.. Re-
velle College, through Apri l. 
The exhibition has been co-
ordinated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4/27) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertise~ents ~r ourselves~""~ 
services 

BMWSAAB 
CON INENTAL MOTORS 

601 So H 
Oceans,de 722 1868 
We service ~II ma)/p 
"f fClfelg cars (EF) 

Income 8lt service D,scoun' tOl 
sludenlS. 51all or lacully 755·8228 
ailer 2 f. /1 3 ) 
RUSSIM NGUAGE SERVICES 
Orl1l ,rar" .fa of SGtE'nt"IC maTerlsl 
RusSoan vporg Bruce Conora 453 
5346 (4n) 

10 t and found 
LoS! If Y J IQUod my 5e'" 5 ,n II_ 
T,oqll gifl hr t f'Of)r batN~'TI r,t II) ~ 
bJ" Greg 4535363 f41 0) 
FOIJr d La'g~ tum 01 (8OSh W·'" retl..rt'I I' tOO tar 'de'H,f1 the 8p~rtJl'rTt8t" 
lI"lOU ',dp:nom.natJons. and w "y ~ 10,,· Lee .... ,,'51)<\ 272·9'l32 (4110) 
LOST - R n w.n wO'I S Mad dn n. 
6 10 1 Apr .rovnd Med·cs SCh()l'j or 
POS' t:tf c.rQla, C01..l""Y If ~It 'r. t)d 
M tm"w$ RItW.rd or ''''"",n Ci.lnt3rJ 
T Cu,dotl. C/O Offo(.e 01 51o)d nl AI 
I ,r Mpd Sr.hOQl f41101 

REWARD for a PM of golo-me al· 
fr.med gl.sses. Iosl Apr 1 In gym C.II 
Rick 4532372 (4110) 

personals 
Happy B.nhday Susan Man,n H R 
Puff n 51ul! (416) 

housing 
Willing 10 share a room? 'n Del Mar? 
Sb51ml) W'II gel you lhere 755· 7871 (4110) 
Shar~ ? bed ho' ,"" LJ near ocean 
rp.sp pf)ro;on hru summm $ISO 459 
8595 (41101 

tJ~1M I o· 2 peopl~ 10 share 
nul.,; 1"\ ' ~ 'ht W"n 4 ()ther. Plea 
phllr. 755 787' 'or mOfrlnf/) (4110) 
RM 1\ BOARD, p,'_han ~ for COC.k t-
I1 H' 'M VI., 0 I 10 UCSD 233· 
47'19'> f.,77) 

r~(n3IfJ tOOl'! m&te npP.(jpd \671mo 
""" room L J Cm. Call I".'h or 
o v~ 454 760? (4110/ 
Iloomrml. MOOr>d ~ Del Mar Near 

art S Phone Cv" 75509 I 
(4/11)1 
WANTED'Rp's,d n ,.1 home for ren 10 
"Md "hool 'n PI Lorn. Board 

room frp, n890tla , D1!<m r )(2428 (416) 

Pag 12 Triton Tim Friday, April 6, 1973 

Fern. rmle wanled, house. Solana 
Beach, own rm. yard, 781mo + ulli 
755·6918 (4181 
$55 Sp Ouaner Fem 10 share room 
Wllh Med Stu prl enlr balh refng 
Across from ocean 454·1946 (416 ) 

travel 
EUROPE, ISRAEL. JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND SKI 1\ CAMPING TOURS 
A.I.S.T., 1436 S LA CIENEGA BLVD , 
LOS ANGELES CA 90035 (213) 652 
2727 (611) 
EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA 
SIOOpnl fhghls Camping loura Inl r· 
Europ!lan sludenl chan r fhghts In· 
cluolng M,ddl E051 and Far Easl 
Coni 01 15CA, 11 687 Son V,ncenle 
Blvd No 4 LA. Cali f 90049 Tel ' (213) 82/j 5669. 826·0955 (618 ) 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUt.O No more 
club fees' SO Deparlures. also NYC 
Japa 1\ Auslra"a Youlh Fares, 100 
Since 1959 ISTe 323 N B verly Dr 
Beverly Hills Ca 902 10 (213) 275· 
8 160 (5/29) 
101H ANNU AL JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE from $239 rouno Inp. 
JAPAN fr m $359 round Inp NEW 
YORK Apnl 14·22, $172 round Irlp 
Call Fhghl Cha"man. !>83·1 297 42' 
Over nd Av , 0 PI A. Cufv r C,ly 
90210 (41 13 ) 

wanted 
Ride wanled to N y,C Of share dnve· 
away wllh me LeaVing Apr 25 
M Ivyn 755· 1258 Lota 01 fun! (4110) 
Wanled cheap p'ano Can pay aboul 
100 dollars Please call Joan, 459· 
5706 (4110) 
Wanled a 4·speed 1968 Volvo In good 
condilion Call Rick al 453·5294 & 
leave number (4/13 ) 
Wanled Fund of PhySICS (71 ed ), 
Cell BiOlogy lexls IOf MUir 279-2796 
weekday nll('s (411 0) 
Siudeni phologr phor. - UC San 
Diogo, Iha new g nersl IOtarell 
monlnly. would hke 10 cons,der your 
phOio fOf publlcahon Campul even I , 
scenes. people Wa're Inlere led 10 Ihe 
a,callenl and Ihe unusual You'll gel 
payonenl and'phol0 credlllf.. can use 
your shol Call 1363 lor dtla,11 (416) 
Wanled Inlo on reasonabl. Ig 1 
bdrm or 2 bdrm. dwell'ng Ihol w,lI be 
available 10 renl l ome II me In Ihe 
montnlol M y·July Please cell Claire. 
453 8233 (413 ) 

POETRY WANTED 
for Poetry Anihology Plea sond 
PGfI"y With tamped relurn anvelope 
10 ConI mporary Lllo,,'ule Pr . .. , 3 11 
C I,forn,s Slreel. Sulle 412, San Fran· 
CISCO, CalilOfOI 94104 (4124) 

for Ille 
CLASSICAL GUITAA fOf I New In 
'72 E.c lenl lOne .CIIon. qual,1y 
Mak. off r Gandhi MecWang, 453 
5346 (416) 

4 Amencan Mags, Fils Chevy $75 00 
Call Wes 274·0429 (4110) 
Small, 3 Burner BUlane Siove Good 
Condlhon $ I 5 00 We. 274-0429 
(4110) 
FOR SALE: Woman's 3·speed bike. 
greal condlllOn $30. L,Z, 453· 1441 
(41101 
HONDA. 4SO 1971, Blue, exc, condl· 
lion, C811 Alan. 453·5844 (4110) 
68 MU51 Seyl 3spd siereolape Good 
Condilion. Bruce. 463·436·0626 (4110) 
61 Dodge S\8tIOO Wgn $125 Needs 
Ball ry, Runs well, 755·3949 See al 
211 AcaCia. Solana Beh (4/ 10) 
For aale Long necked, 5-5lnng banfo $25 ph 453·7676 (4110) 
For S.'e Sony TC-130 cassel,e 
recorder ASI<ln S 100 Jell el 488· 
4951 (41 10 ) 
71 KAWASAKI 175cc Enduro . Inl $400·4 n w Michelin I"es. nml. $7 SOll6 $400 468·6139 (4110) 
1971 Nonon. blO lank, 011 cooler, ne" 
lire Greal lOt' lounng Musl sell 453 
6206 (4110) 

pr SWI mounl81n chmblng boOI'. 
new M rk 755·6767 (416) 
Be., tne hlOh CO.l 01 RENT '68 VW 
Bus E.cel Camper Inl Runl Good. $425 Jason. 453-5153 (418) 
NORTON 750. cherry cond , oil cooler, 
burg alarm. much mOfei FASTI S 1000, 
cell L .... 272-6203 (416) 
1 2 Chev Impala V8 283 Run bul 
~. wor~ Xlnl bra 570 Ce 272 
5 ah r 6 pm (4/10) 

1968 Opel 4 sp. 1 owner Good Ilres $6SO. 453·8941. (4110) 
AR speakera $2SO AR lurnlable $85 
Kenwood receiver $225 Jim 753-
9655 (4110) 
Mobile home in EnCinitas Iwo 
bedrooms baths call a,II Chambers 
753·6256 (4110) 
For sale. New 1971 FiBl 124 coupe, 
E.cellenl condi lion. BeSI offar. 453-
5423 (416) 
'68 Au",n Amarlca, 2 dr sedan,8uI0 , 
r.d,al.. .Inl . $5001 besl offer Call 
HSls II 2749326 or 1353 (4110) 
1961 Dodge Lancer Sin Wgn S 1 00 
Call John Miller al X2534 Of 7534601 
(416) 
RofrlQcralor for Sale - Almost new; 
bronze colored, II> the freezer seehon 
o her . ralnger.'Ot' secllon S 100 For 
Inlo 273 ·0175 (4110) 
Surfboard 9'2" GOod 1I0iairon nd 
I/8b1i11y $10 Loren 453·9368 Around 6 
pm be$1 (4110) 
1955 VW camper rebulll enOIOe Ilani . 
new shoc~s brakas 1"08 $3SO Pel r 
755·7669 (4110) 
Conn Irombone. Rosa gold bell e.c 
cond wlca e $ 0 453·5363 Iv 
m 5&80a (4110) 
V r IV l U speed 4 sal mal<e offer 
765·3025 after 5 (~ll0) 
L blanc Nob I clll,,"el Perfect condl -
hon like new 3 moulhpl c .. ; IX" 
Greg 453·5155 (4/10) 
Yam kl 8 1"00 gull r wlfleece·llned 
herd heM ~ like n w $75 224-
7413 Daytime (4110) 


