
Anderson to Give Man eville Lecture Friday 
Pulitzer-Prize-winning 

columnist Jack Anderson 
will be a lecturer in UCSD's 
Mandeville lecture Series 
this Friday evening at the 
Casa Del Prado in Balboa 
Park. 

And ers on , form e r 
legman for Drew Pearson, 
took over Pearson's 
"Washington Merry-Go-
Round" column for the 
Washington Post when 
Pearson died in 1969. 
Anderson and his staff of 
three reporters and two 
secretaries produce a daily 
column that is syndicated 
to over 700 newspapers. 

Anderson was awarded 
the 1972 Pulitzer Prize for 
national reporting as a 
result of his disclosures of 

the formulation of the Nix-
on admini stration 
policymaking during the 
India-Pakistan war. 

When Anderson 
reported his findings regar-
ding the Nixon administra-
tion stand on the India-
Pakistan conflict, his source 
was stolen documents, 
which he claims he has 
never done, and printing 
the stolen documents, 
which he has no c.ompunc-
tion about doing, when his 
critics accu sed him of 
stealing go vernment 
documents. 

Concern ing the labelling 
of th es e d o c uments , 
Anderson remarked, "It's a 

. secret now of a third -rate 

Volu me 11, Number""29.... I 

Affirmative Action 
1972-1973 

The University of California is now required by law, 
both federal and state, to carry out a program of 
affirmative action with regard to women and 
minorities. The continuati on of UCSD's federal con-
t ract funds and extra-mural grants requires that they 
comply with these laws. This means there may . no 
longer be discrimination in hiring, salaries, promotion 
or benefits on the basis of sex or ethnic backgground . 
Furthermore, the University has been required to 
identify the most serious existing deficiencies in regard 
to employment practices and grievance procedures 
toward women and minorities, and to establish goals 
and timetables for correcti ng these deficiencies. 
Therefore : 

Many jobs, heretofore denied women and 
minorities for traditional reasons only can no 
longer be den ied them. 
Positions must be announced and neld open to 
give all an equal opportunity to. appl ~,. and t.he 
University must actively seek to fill positions With 
women and minorities in categories where 
deficiencies have been identified. 
In addition to established grievance procedures, 
special procedures have to be set up in cases of 
dismissal for reasons of sex or ethnic background. 
(Each department has ·monitor.) 
There can no longer be a difference in benefits, 
such as pensions, health plans, sick leave, based on 
sex. 

Responsibility for implementing this program rests 
with the Chancellor. He has appointed Dr. Paul Salt-
man, Vice Chancellor-Academic Affairs, to serve as 
Academic Coordinator of Affirmative Action; Mr. 
Bernard Sisco, Vice Chancellor Administration, as Staff 
Coordinator. Mr. Jack Douglass, Assistant to the 
Chancellor, is Monitor for campuswide performance. 

The Chancellor ha also appointed an Affirmative 
Action Advisory Committee. This committee is to 
analyze exi ting affirmative action policy; evaluate 
goals and timetables and actual progress made an.d:o 
recornm nd grievance procedures and new poliCies 
pertinent to employment and promotion of mino.rities 
and women. It is chai.ed by Professor Jehanne Tellhet. 
In addition, there is a subcommittee on Affirmative 
Action for Women chaired by Dr. Ruth Covell, and one 
for Minorities, chaired by Mr. Joseph Tafolla. 

Other groups, outside the adminitrative structu.re, 
principally UCSD Women are committed to helprng 
the University comply with those state lind federal laws 
forbidding discrimination on the basis of sex and 
requiring affirmative action to improve the status of 
women. They are concerned to discover and publicize 
existing discriminatory practices and to assist the 
Chacellor's Committee on Equal Employment Oppor-
tunities for Women in its task . 

UCSD Women is involved in several projects of 
concern to women and minorities and solicit support 
and help with these from all interested. 

Grievance Procedures : A major concern of UCSD 
Women and of several other campus groups, is a 
thorough analysis and revision of univer ity gri vane 
procedures. Since these procedures affect many critical 
aspects of hiring, promotion, and tenure this project is 
one of the most important ones for us. 

Monitoring Campus Hiring: All Univ rsity personnel 
continued on pale 2 

Jack Anderson, columnist for the Washington 
POST, will be a Mandeville lecturer at the Casa 
De l Prado this Friday evening • 

University of California, San Diego 

Bombing Protests: 
Wilson 

Cancels Lecture 
Th e recent Am erican 

bombing of North Vietnam 
prompted Harold Wilson, 
former Prime M inister of 
Great Brita in, to cancel the 
lecture tour that would 
have brought him to San 
Diego as a speaker in 
UCSD's Mandeville l ec-
ture Series. 

In a January 2 telegram 
addressed to Diana Annala, 
UCSD Dean of Student Ac-
tivities, Wilson wired from 
london : " Deeply regret to 
say am obliged to cancel 
neKt '-'leeks American lec-
ture tour owing Int er -
nat ional situation and 
following American bom-
bing Vietnam impossible 
being absent from Brita in 
Stop 

Regrets 
Harold Wilson" 

Wilson, Prime Minister 
of Great Britain from 1964-
1970, was scheduled to 
speak tonight in Balboa 

Park's Casa Del Prado. 

There has been specula-
tion throughout t he 
University concerning the 
n ature o f W ilson's 
ca ncellation of his tour. 
Some postulate that Wilson 
wanted to be in his country 
when they officially joined 
the Common Market, (a 
lias ion Wilson tried to 
cultivate during his term of 
office, to no avail) others 
believe his refusal ro come 
to the United States is an 
act of genuine protest 
agai nst United St at es 
policies in Indochina. 

Wilson's ca ncellation of 
h is M andevi ll e l ecture 
marks the second lecture 
in the series that had to be 
calle d off . Eco n o m ist 
M ilton Frie d ma n was 
scheduled to speak last 
November, but was forced 
to cancel due to his ailing 
health. 

Letters of Protest 
O ve r th e Chri stma s 

break, UCSD received 33 
letters of protest from East 
German High sc hool 
students, protesting th 
lastest series of American 
bombing in North Viet-
nam. 

The letters, hailing from 
EOS ludwigslunt in the 
Democratic Republ ic of 
Germany (Ea t Germany), 
unanimously rapproached 
the United States for the 
" murderous bombing at-
tacks of the USA airforc 
upon the Demo crati 
Republi of North Vi t-
nam." The lett r also at-
tack d " US oppre sion in 

South Vietnam." 

S veral of the letter 
listed s veral d man ds, 
uch as: " A con lu ion to 

t.h bo mbing over th 
DRV, wit hdrawa l of all 
Am ricans in South Viet-
nam, Peace in Vietnam, 
and r pia ement o f the 
corrupt regime of Thieu." 

One of th letters also 
proclaimed, " I call upon all 
fre dom loving p ople to 
en rgeti ally work for the 
withdrawal of all US forc 
in Indo-China and an nd 
to Ihi d irty war." 

The 33 I tt r bor th 
signatur of 52 tud nt . 

bureaucrat blows his nose 
- the security stamp is 
b ei n g used as 
promiscuously as a stapling 
machine." 

Anderson's quest for ex-
posing the graft in politics 
has led him to be credited 
fo r d oing the research 
work in Drew Pearson's 
revea l ing that the late 
Thomas Dodd had diverted 
funds for his Senatorial 
campaign for his personal 
use, has led him to explore 
former Senator George 
Murphy's relatingship with 
the Technicolor corpora-
tion, and has led him to be 
likened by Life magazine as 
"an improbable new folk 
hero of the young" in the 

Ralph Nader tradition. 
Most recently Anderson 

has been c nsured for his 
prem~ture prognosi~ .on 
Senator Eagleton's driving 
record, and Time magazine 
has admitted that "many of 
his fellow newsmen regard 
as frivolous his uneven 
mixture of muckraking and 
and kiss-and-tell gossip." 

With all of Anderson's 
censures and tributes he 
has an estimated 50 million 
readers. The Washington 
Po t once moved Ander-
son's column to a more 
prestigious place (it runs 
adjacent to the comics 
page) , " but a wave of 
reader protest forced it 
back among the funnies. " 

Tuesday, January 9, 1973 

PIR G Projects 
and Proposals 

It's time for YO U to be a part of the solution . "':"e 
have many proposed projects for the ~pc~mrng 
quarter and we are always open to new project Ideas. 
Whether a project gets started or not dep nds on 
whether there are enough students willing to work on 
and coordinate the project. CAlPIRG has the mo~ey, 
publi reldtion~ anti organization to put your pi oJe t 
into action, but the project itself needs to be done by 
you . . . 

If you are interested in or want more rnformatlon on 
any of the below listed projects, come by the CAlPIRG 
office in the Muir Fishbowl. If you want to work on any 
of the projects, there is a sign-up sheet in the oHi e. 
We'll be op n from 11 :00 to 2:00, so please co~e by 
then . This is a student organization and as much time as 
you're willing to give, we're willing to accept. It's the 
only way we exist. 

CAlPIRG PROJECT PRO POSALS 
CONSUMER PROTECTION 

RETAIL PRICE COMPA RISON 
An expansion of last quarter's pilot proje~t. t? all of 

San Diego. Involves gathering and pu~llclzrng an 
honest price comparison of food stores rn orde~ to 
educate consumers and possibly drive food prrces 
down. Possible Econ. 198 credit for a part coordinator. 
FRAUDULENT ADVERTISING 

An attempt to systematically gather evidenc~ of 
fraudulent and misleading advertising by San Diego 
store to be used for prosecution by the city attorney' 
office. Students make a $12 witness fee if their evidence 
i used for pro ecution . Coordinating people are also 
ne ded. 
CROOKED AUTO REPAIR 

The foreign and sports car equivalent f th.e D.A.' 
work with American cars. tudent cars and drrvers are 
used to gathering vidence against crooked auto r pair 
to b pro cut d by th D.A. Car loaner g t at I a t a 
fr e tune-up. Car loan r and driver need d. AI 0 a 
UC D coordinator. 
MAL UTRITIO 

euro i n e 198 Analy is of Malnutrition in Pre-
chool Children of an Diego County and D elop-

m nt of a Plan for Prevention. 
Malnutrilion during mbryonic life and crit ical year 

of dev lopm nt lead to deficiencie in brain d.e lo~­
ment. Childr n who ar malnouri h d durrng thl 
p riod cannot liv up to th ir gen~tic pot ntial. Th 

ational Nutrition urv y (1968) which Includ d and 
Diego, will b valuated and an attempt will b .made 
to dev lop an He tive program for th pr ntlon of 
futur d fl i ncie . Hop ful . , this mi ht b an eff c-
tiv pro ram for oth r ommuniti . Cr dit : 2-4 unit . 
tud nt : 4-12. Eon. 199 or 1 8 r dit i po ibl for 

anyor with an int r t in th following : 
CO 'TR CTiO COD 

r on tru tion cod and law outdat dl Dot th 
k p th 0 t of hou ing hi h? What can don to 
chang outdat d or non-con um r mind de'., ? 
THE PRICE OF MILK 

M ilk pri hav a minimum t b law. What would 
b th pri of milk in a fr mark t? How mu h would 
thi~ 'V th n um rl 

continued on pa 3 



Health Almanac 
The 1972-73 edition of the Student Health Service 

handbook for students is out at last, and it's free. Now 
called The Student Health Almanac, it has been ex-
panded to provide UCSD students with a good deal of 
useful and unusual information. 

Besides explaining what the Student Health Center 
can do for students and how the health insurance plan 
operates, the Almanac offers in formation and advice 
on everything from snakebite and childbirth to how to 
make an omelet, the grunion runs, and astrological 
forecasts. 

Undergrads living in dorms will automatically get 
copies from their resident dean's office. Copies for 
graduate studen ts ca n be picked up from the ad-
ministrat ive offices of the Dean of Graduate Studies, 
S10, or the School of Medicine. 

Free copies are also available at the Studen t Health 
Cen ter, 302 Matthews, or cut out this announcement 
and send it to the center with your name and address 
and one will be mailed to you. 

Enrollment in the health insurance plan for 
dependents 01 students is now open again until 
February 25. Information and applications may be 
obtained from the Center, ext. 1346. 

I ntro to Black Music 
Professor Eddie Meadows of California State Univer-

sity at San Diego is offering an Introduction to Black 
Music for the Winter Quarter here at UCSD. The class 
is open to all students of at least sophomore standing 
and will consist of an examination of black music from 
an historical and sociologica l perspective, beginn ing 
with its African roots and continuing to the present. It 
will also be an extensive investigation of the music of 
black Americans including the link to the racial op-
pression and will place this music within its proper 
perspective. The class, Music 125, will meet Thursdays 
from 3-6 in 409 Matthews Campus. The course code is 
6476. 

AFT Urges Censure 
To : Professor Henry W . Menard, Chariman, San Diego 
Division, Academic Senate. 
From: Steering Committee, Local 2034, American 
Federation of Teachers, UCSD 
Re: Admin istrat ive handling of Lettau case 

The AFT urges that the Academic Senate censure, 
The UCSD Administration as represented through the 
office of Chancellor William D. McElroy for their 
violation of the academic freedom, property rights and 
due process of Profesfessor Reinhard Lettau . The 
Chancellor's unilateral and arbitary actions suspending 

. Professor Lettau in tota l disregard for and inconsistant 
with established Senate By-Laws governing disciplinary 
actions should be a matter of grave concern to all 
members of the Academic Senate and the campus 
community as a whole. 

Those actions amou nted to a violation of academic 
freedom in denying Professor Leuau's right to teach, 
an attack on property rights thrugh denial to Professor 
Lettau of his right to compensation, and a general 
violation of Academic Senate procedu res for handling 
disciplinary matters through both the functions of the 

EVerldlQ It1 lOUgn WedntSOay 
THi GARDEII OF 

THE f'llZl ·COIITIIfIS 
1 556 10:3t 11.,,·121 VIIIIrtt IIoIIco 
'oipooIt .... _. -, .... ....., 
... ~_,rf .. _..w .... 

IAL..A~ OF LOYE 
1:l1li":401 

lINatI- jS .,"'IIIIf lotio 

Standing Committee on Privilege & Tenure (paragraph 
112, By-Laws of the Academic Senate) as well as the 
procedures outlined in Appendix V of those By-Laws, 
The Code of Professional Conduct. 

Paragraph 112 includes the following procedures, all 
of which have been summarily violated by the 
Chancellor's action of November 7: 

Written l.harges must be filed with Privilege & 
Tenure, with a copy to the person charged, and shall 
" contain a plain and concise statement of the facts 
underlying the charges." 

Defendant is permitted 14 days in which to respond, 
with possible extension to that time. 

Privilege & Tenure would then set a date for a 
Hearing, which would be at least 10 days after notifica-
tion to the defendant. 

Defendant has the right of counsel to be present at 
any sessions, the right to submit and cross-examine all 
evidence, the right to a transcript of such proceedings 
and to receive copies of the "findings, conclusions, 
and recommendation." 

Appendix V to these By-laws include the following 
general principles recommended as guidelines in 
developing disciplinary procedures, all of which have 
also been summarily violated by the Chancellor's 
actions of November 7. 

No action may be taken without agreed upon due 
process. 

No action may be taken until charges have been filed 
and hearings held. 

Investigative functions must be separated from 
judicial functions. 

In conditions felt to be "immediately and seriously 
harmful to the University community", interim suspen-
sion, with full pay" (emphasis added) is permissable. 
Written statement should be provided the defendant, 
"noting reasons for such a suspension", filed by the 
Chancellor with the Committee on Privilege & Tenure 
for prompt hearing. Each of these steps has been 
su mmarily violated by the Chancellor's action. 

It is for these reasons that the AFT calls upon the 
UCSD Academic Senate to censure Chancellor 
McElroy. Furthermore, the AFT calls upon the 
Academic Senate to investigate other administrative 
policies and procedures which may be in conflict with 
Academic Senate By-laws, and where such conflict is 
noted, to call for their immediate rescinding, serving 
thereby as a preventive action for avoiding any future 
repetition of such conduct on the part of this campuses 
administrat ion. 

Finally, and in view of administrative misconduct vis 
a vis the Lettau case, we call upon our Academic Senate 
to explore efforts for establishing a Code of Conduct 
fo r administrative personnel, thereby achieving full 
coverage of the University community, rather than 
lim iting such codes to the conduct of faculty and 
students alone. 

While stressi ng these issues of due process, academic 
freedom and property rights, the AFT wishes to point 
out that had this campus administration not felt com-
pelled to continue its relationship with the military, 
despite the outpouring of popular antagonism to that 
association on campuses throughout the nation, this 
incident would never have occurred in the first place. 

Affirmative Action 
continued from page 1 

actions are required to reflect affirmative action com-
mittments. This means announcing positions actively 
seeking qualified women and minorities, and holding 
them open the required amount of time. Assuring that 
this is done without exception is of particular concern 
to UCSD Women. 

Day Care : UCSD Women are helping to define day 
care needs of the UCSD working community and to 
establish high quality child care on the campus. 

Studies of Graduate Support and Admission Policies: 
Studies are now being planned for surveying how 
graduate money is d ispersed, and for documentation 
of who applies for graduate admission and to whom 
and on what basis admission is granted. 

Campus Wide Course: Open to all employees of 
UCSD and others interested, a course on What Affir-
mative Action is and what it means to women and 
minorities is being planned . Attempts will be made to 

continued on page 7 

Government Research 
and the University 

The volume of secret 
Government research' con-
ducted in U.S. Universities 
has sharply declined in the 
past 10 years stated a recent 
article in Scientific 
American. At least 20 
classified contracts from 
the Department of Defense 
have been given to Univer-
sities in the past year. This 
figure does not include 
work done in off-campus 
facilities. Twelve of these 
contracts were given to the 
University of Michigan and 
the University of Texas. 

These 29 contracts have 
been estimated to com-
prise approximately 2"10 of 
the total Department of 
Defense ' contracts and 
grants. In 1971, the Depart-
ment of Defense funded 
3,700 university projects, of 
which 3% were classified. 
All 121 classified projects 
were in the area of applied 
research. The value of the 
3,700 contracts and grants 
was approximately 220 
million . 

The above figures repre-
sent a significant decline 
from 1969. In that year 
classified agreements 
represented 10 percent of 
the $250 million in Depart-
ment of Defense funds 
received by the univer-
sities. This 250 million in-
volved over 5,000 contracts 
and grants and was dis-
tributed between 250 
academic institutions. Ap-
proximately 60 institutions 
accepted classified 
agreements. 

The 1969 figures repre-
sent a significant decline in 
secret government 
research in comparison to 
1960. At that time the 
Federal Government spent 
approximately $449 million 
for research and develop-
ment on US campuses with 
approximately 10-15% sup-
porting secret work,. 

In the late 1960's 

students and faculties 
began to protest classified 
research on US campuses. 
As a result, some of the 
largest recipients of 
defense contracts for-
mulated a policy stating 
that classified research 
would no longer be 
allowed on campus. One 
example of this is the 
University of Pennsylvania. 

A number of the in-
stiutions which refused to 
allow classified research on 
campus did maintain off-
campus facilities where 
Defense funding was 
accepted. The 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology is one such 
campus. Although the 
Institute does not allow 
classified research on the 
campus it is conducted at 
their Lincoln Laboratory off 
campus. 

Universities also may in-
corporate special libraries 
of classified documents for 
easy accessibility of faculty 
members who have 
government clearance or 
work for the Federal 
government as consultants. 

At the University of 
California Berkeley, the 
University of Michigan, 
and the State University of 
New York, administration 
officials and trustees have 
rejected faculty 
recommendations that 
classified research and 
Defense Department work 
be discontinued. 

Projects sponsored by 
the Department of Defense 
and the Atomic Energy 
Commission , including 
those involving basic 
research, have a clause 
allowing for the project of-
ficer to classify any piece of 
work or discovery that may 
be a result of that research, 
if in his estimation the 
classification is in national 
interest. This individual 
dicision may be appealed. 

UCSDWomen Meet Korevaar 
Dr. Jacob Korevaar, Chairman of the Department of 

Mathematics, will meet with UCSD women this 
Thursday at noon in the International Center to discuss 
affirmative action in his department. 

All members of the University Community are in-
vited to attend. 

REGAL NOTES 
UNDERSTAND PLAYS, NOVELS AND POEMS 

FASTER WITH OUR NOTES 
We're new and we're the biggest! Thousands 01 topics 
reviewed lor quicker understanding. Our subjects include not 
only En~lish , but Anthropology, Art. Black Stud ies. Ecology, 
Economics, Education. History, Law, Music, Philosophy, 
Political Science, Sociology and Urban Problems. Send $2 lor 
your catalog 01 topics available. 

REGAL NOTES 
3160 "0" treet, N.W. 

Walhlngton, D.C. 20007 
Telephone: 202333-0201 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE •• pw1K1.I_,.. ........ _ 
.......... _ . ... 111110"".· 

CANON A ihOfief him from 
canada by No"n," t.t<:L"en 

Special Gue.t Star ~ ~ 
Introd UCing~ ~ 

3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
(Across 'rom Sports Arena) 

-EYES EXAMINED -rRESCRlmON. RUED 
e.g.... ThU<Sd.y 

M.M TUII 
1 • .,1IfMT1 

III PlTUIllU. lo 
11Tl WI If T1I( 

IlUMlIUf Uffi£ ... 

7456 ~a.Jolb Blvd. 459-4341 

III., JAI. 1. 8 P. M. 
SAl DIEel CIMIIIITY CI.CIIIIE 

TICKETS, $4 50 IN ADVANCE $S.50 DAY OF SHOW 
Tickets ... II.ble .t,1I Hl,hl,nder Men" Siores, ,II Metro rlcket A,encl .. , the 
Civic Theater BOl Office .1 Third .nd " 8" Street. For Inlorm.llon coil 236-6510 

I'rO(llIIf'd tn.j ff)\II~1 , ........ ( "II'" 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, January 9,1973 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED eREPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M.' 8 P.M.: Sal. 10 A.M.' 6 P.M. 

224-2173 2~4-2'74 latest fashions In wire frames 

------------r-----

Pig Tales is a bi -monthly column authored by Cal 
Mason, confidential assistant to Sheriff Duffy. It is 
designated to give students an insight into law and local 
law enforcement, with emphasis on how to stay out of 
jail and what to do if you get busted. 

Mason is a recent graduate from Oregon College 
and a rookie Deputy. According to the author, the 
particular status of confidential assistant means he has 
"no credibility with either the students or with the 
police." 

The Number One Pig 
Since I'm biased, I will begin with the Sheriff's 

Department, and who the Sheriff is. 
The Sheriff is the Number One Pig; the Senior Law 

Enforcement Officer in the County. This means he gets 
to sit at the head of the trough. It also means that he is: 
Responsible for the protection of life and property and 
the preservation of peace in the County; Contracts 
total law enforcement (including traffic) with three 
cities - Del Mar, San Marcos, and Vista.; Is charged 
with maintaining the County Jail; Serves civil and 
criminal process; Acts as Officer (Bailiff) of the Superior 
Court; Has concurrent jurisdiction with the Chiefs of 
Police in all cities within the County. 

There is only one Sheriff, elected by (some of) the 
people of San Diego County. The officers who work for 
him are Deputies. Referring to a Deputy as "Sheriff" is 
a real ego booster for the officer, and should only be 
used when trying to beat a ticket. I don't know what to 
say to Highway Patrolmen. 

The Sheriff's Department is similar to a p'olice 
Department in the duties and functions performed, 
although the Sheriff is charged with a few extra tasks. 
However, the main difference is that the Sheriff is an 
elected official, not an appointed official. This advan-
tage enables him to act for the people of the County 
and less to the whim of a ci ty council, city manager, 
mayor, etc., which appoints a police chief. 

Add'ing to that, the Sheriff is required by State law to 
perform certain tasks. Failing to comply with State law 
makes the Sheriff personally, ci vally, and criminally 
liable. In other words, the above garbage means the 
Sheriff's Department is like a police department, but 
different. The old "same but different" trick. 

SEARCH & SEIZURE 
The subject of Search & Seizure is a complicated ball 

of wax that evolved to what it is today from numerous 
unethical legal procedures occurring in the courtroom, 
and numerous uneth ical practices of some lawen-
forcement officials over the past years. What some bad 
cops did 20 years ago are hitting us pretty hard right 

PIG 
TALES 

by Cal Mason 

now. What some are doing today aren't helping any, 
either. 

There is no way I can make the complex laws of 
Search & Seizure si mple. However, it should be possi-
ble, for everyone knows that all cops are rather 
"s imple", right? Just like every9ne knows that anyone 
with long hair is a spaced-out " freak", right? 

The IV Amendment to the Constitution states that 
the people shall have the right to be secure against 
unreasonable searches and seizures of their persons, 
houses, etc . .. . , and no warrants shall be issued but on 
probable cause. If you haven't looked at the Constit~­
tion lately, you ought to check it out to see what IS 
really happening in this country. . . 

The courts have defined "a search" as ... prying mto 
hidden places for that which is concealed . The co~rts 
have also defined what is " not a search" as ... that which 
is open to pla in view. In other words., if t.he officer ~an 
see some "contraband" without prymg Into anything, 
you're in trouble. As a matter of !?ct, that w?uld then 
give the officer " reasonable cause to search Into those 
" hidden places". 

In the next few articles, I will elaborate on searches 
of dwell ings (you r house), and vehicles; also, . search 
warrants and the situation at the Border With the 
Customs Department. However, because of todays 

Media Workshop Offered 
Interdisciplinary Studies 

is offering a media 
work shop on Thursday 
evening from 5-7 p.m. in 
USB 303B. Bob Lawrence, a 

Union reporter, will teach 
the mechanics of 
newspaper writing and the 
technique s of media 
production. The course is 
open to any students in-
terested in writing for the 
Triton Times. Much of the 
work will be done outside 
of class through reporting 
on different events and 
receiving training in 
various aspects of 
newspaper production . 
Add/d rop cards will be 
signed Thursday in class. 
No previous experience is 
necessary. 

-- --

COMMUNITY 
, 
~ ~ BLOOD BANK 

I 327 F. Street 
I 

PAYS DONORS I 
for service ~ ~ 

Tue.-Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085: 30 
• Closed Sun. & Mon. ~ 233-8328 

mobile student population sometimes creates a tem-
porary student "exodus", I believe the less known area 
of airport searches is appropriate. 

Now remember, the courts, in their infinite wisdom 
(don't choke), try to keep a balance between the 
" rights of the individual" v. the "rights of society". In 
this current trend of skyjacking, the courts are tending 
to think that the 130 people on board an airliner have 
the right to not crash and burn over the skyjacker'S 
right to not be sea rched wh ile slipping on board with 
hand grenandes, machine guns, bombs, etc. 

Each individual will have to compromise his right of 
privacy, partially, to accommodate a scrutiny of his 
person and baggage by metal detectors, etc. Thus, then 
the balance of the individual v. society, and in this case, 
the individual having to be more tolerant. In other 
words, don't take it with you if you're flying. Any 
"contraband" found in this situation may be very legal 
evidence. 

As I write this, a court decision may be made to 
reaffirm or disallow anything I have said ... so don't 
quote me. 

Your questions and comments are welcome, 
regardless of how derogatory they might be, as well as 
any suggestions for topics of student concern. 

PIRG Projects, Proposals 
continued from page 1 

CREDITLAWS 
THE ENVI RO ME T 

There a-re a great number of project possibil ities in 
many aspects of the environment parti~u!~r!y pollu-
tion. No projects yet exist - only pOSSibilities - so 
motivated people are needed to start some. We have 
the mechanism to help you do what you want, so come 
and use it. 
AIR AND WATER POLLUTION 

Students with a project in air or water pollution that 
need access to equipment to analyze samples and 
consultation with a Chemistry professor can get Chem. 
198 credit. Wants a group of approximately 3 students 
with some chemistry background. Professor suggested 
a project on the distribution of lead i.". soil a~ a functio." 
of distance from freeways or prevallmg Winds, but IS 
open to all suggestions. 
COMPUTERS AND THE ENVIRO MENT 

The Computer Center has an environment~1 data 
bank . Students interested in working With thiS data 
bank can get APIS 198 credit. Possibilities with the bank 
could include modeling pollution changes as a result of 
a corrective action, encouraging local government to 
use the bank, helping to gather more data for the bank, 
etc. 
REMOTE SENSI G OF GASEO US POLLUTA TS 

AMES 199 credit for 1 or 2 students with ph sics, 
physical optics, or electrical engineering background 
to work on a project using lasers to remotely measure 
pollutants. 

This is only the beginning of the list of projects in the 
environment that we can help a motivated studen t 
find. There are many, many more possibilities, so get 
interested and come by. 

HUMA RIGHTS 
LA IOLLA INDIA RESER VA TlO 

A project to look into the water rights of the Indians 
of the La lolla Indian Reservation . 

WI TER COURSES FOR 
PEOPLE WHO CARE 

APIS 11 0 - UMERICAL SYSTEMS for an understan-
ding of the uses and limitations of computers and their 
possible effect on our lives in the future. 
CHEM/ AMES 149C AIR POLLUTION 
ECO 1188 LAW A D ECONOMICS will discuss 
government regulations during winter quarter. 
ECON 190 (Senior seminar) THE SOCIAL COST OF THE 
MIRAMAR NAVAL AIR STATIO 
URS 139 HEAL TH PLANNING 
URS 141 SOCIAL POLICY AND SOCIAL PLA NI G 
URS 145 THE PLANNING PROFESSION 

VINCENTMIRANDAS ~ B:B'9AJ)W}~-Y 
F 31 4 F S',,·,·! 53" D'f'qn d 'L" ,I" TBUTR£., 

NOW THRU JANUARY 21 
Rod Serling's 

"STORM IN SUMMER" 
starring 

Special Guest Star 
PATTY MC CORMACK 

For Tlcket'and Group Information 

CALL: 235~6535 

\ 

GET TOGETHER 
for the 

OFF BROADWAY THEATRE 
DATE NIGHT DISCOUNT 

Every 
WEDNESDAY NIGHT 

1 Student 10 - $2.00 Discount 
each ticket 

Reg. Wed. Price: $5.50 & $4.50 
STUDENT PRICE: $3.50 & $2.50 

Performances at 8::10 p.m. 

ADVANCE RESERVATIONS 
SUGGESTED 

Page 3 Tuesday, January 9, 1973 Triton Times 



IT announces a new contest! 

The End of the War Is In Sight? 
Mark Siegel 

Editorial Director 
Welcome back to the hallowed 

halls of UCSD. We hope you en-
joyed your month-long vacation, 
and are all ready for the long grind 
through the Winter Quarter,. 

Recently a Los Angeles psy-
chiatrist noted that December is for 
many the most depressing month of 
the year. The concentrated holiday 
activities, the noting of the passing 
of the old year, and the gray weather 
can all contribute to a serious case 
of the blues. This anxiety and 
depression even reached this 
nation's highest office. President 
Nixon, determined, as he put it, not 
to be the first American President to 
lose a war, chose the holiday season 
to launch the heaviest aerial bom-
bardment in the history of mankind 
against North Vietnam , CBS News 
reported that both the Pentagon and 
Defense Department advised the 
President that further bombing 
would nave no effect on the 
attempts to force the North Viet-
namese to capitulate their terms for 
a peaceful settlement of the war. 
The decision was the President's 
alone. To celebrate the birthday of 
the Prince of Peace, the President 
isolated himself from the public in 
Florida, and sent his trusted compa-
nion Dr. Kissinger, off to Palm 
Springs for a vacation. 

For some, this Winter Quarter is 
the longest and most difficult of the 
school year. We hope the TRITON 
TIMES, with Its extensive coverage 
of university life, will make this 
quarter more bearable. And to ease 
your burdens, the TRITON TIMES is 
announcing the beginning of a new 
contest 

Tired of having to listen to all your 
friends tell you Nixon is a man of 
peace? Have you had enough of 
listening to your bi-partisan Nixon-
supporter friends telling you that we 
will have peace with honor? Tell 

them to put their money where their 
mouths are. The TRITON TIMES is 
sponsor ing a " Nixon-Kissinger 
Peace Is At Hand Pool". For twenty-
five cents you may be the winner of 
hundreds of dollars! Just come into 
the TRITON TIMES office and ask 
for the Editorial Director. Tell him 
what day you think peace with honor 
w ill come to Vietnam, and to our 
President It only costs twenty-five 
cents for each day you choose. The 
more people who enter the pool, the 
bigger the cash prize, In case of a tie 
the winner will be determined by the 
earliest entry. Peace will be deter-
mined to exist at such time that a 
written accord agreed upon by all 
parties concerned shall have been 
signed. The longer the delay, the 
more money in the pool. The caSh 
prize w ill consist of any money left 
over after necessary TRITON TIMES 
expenses and other 
em bez.zlements. 

As an extra added prize, the 
winner will have his or her picture on 
the front page of the TRITON 
TIMES, under which will be the 
caption, "I knew it all along." 

Be sure to enter soon. Latest 
Administration estimates indicate 
that peace will break out on January 
15! Don't be the only one on your 
floor left out of this exciting contest. 

The TRITON TIMES presents the 
"Nixon-Kissinger Peace Is At Hand 
Pool" as a public service to the 
university community, 

In the meantime, keep reading 
the TRITON TIMES for latest " Pool" 
totals, and keep listening, reading 
and watching your favorite news 
outlets for the latest accounts of the 
continuing exciting drama of " Peace 
With Honor" as it unfolds at the 
Paris talks and behind closed doors 
in the Capitol, and as the blood of 
thousands of men, women, and 
children continues to flow in 
Southeast Asia. 

triton times 
" dl fifO bubbJ voir xehat fpdder. volt lH~ g(,ven.1 vu,gC"n" 

'Editor-in-Chief .. .. .. , .. Camy Sharick 
City Editor , .. , .. , , , , . , , Carrie Rickey 
Managing Editor ". David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor . ... .. , . Debby Montgomery 
Business Manager " , . Michael Greene 
Editorial Director , ..... ,. Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor . , . , . ..... . . . Tom lindberg 
Sports Edilor ... , .. , . , .. Michael Rath 
Photography Edito r .. , , . , , ,Joe Eastern 
Secretary ............. Corinne Cacas 
Associate City Editors . Ri k Drom 

Michael Sesma 
Asst. Business Mgr, .. ," Michael Wyer 
Ass!. Editorial Dir •. ,., .. ,Cathy Morris 
Assi. Sports Editor .. "." .. Mark Liska 

News Department 
Hannah Cohen 

larry iJeckel 
Lisa Heikoff 
Greg Hicks 
Kathy Klu zek 
Cathy Morris 
Greg Moser 
Jody Savage 
Copy Readers 
Ka· .. n .lick 

Artists 
Corky M. Cacas 
Sports Depilrtm nt 
Cheryl Elliott 
John I.e levier 
Dave Phillips 
Pal Stacy 
Mark Young 
Photographers 
Daryl Amster 

Steve Harper 
John Maxwell 
Arts Department 
Glen Gentle 
Charles Hyde 
Greg Leonard 
Charles Unkeless 
Brandon Wander 
Production 
Jim Charley 
Linda Clark 
Charlie Heimler 
Cindy Mayer 
Michael Sesma 
Those TT staffers 
who njoy staying 
up and working all 
night 
Bu iness Department 
Cheryl Elliott 
Kathy Hopkins 
Nancy Mancino 

The TRITON TIMES is olli ially re ognir. d as a student newspOIp"r by the Com-
muniutions Bo.rd of the Univer ity of COiliforni~, Siln Dieso, Building 250, Millthew 
C.mpu~, La JoIIOl, COiliforni. 92037. Publi illion is twice w ekly on Tu doys ond FrldilYs. 
Offices ilre louted in room 117, BIOIke H~II, on the Revelle Cilmpus. For advertKins 
phone 45)-8722, or 453-2000, " 1017; for editorial or news phone X 1016. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, January 9, 1973 

Peace Is Not At Hand 
Congressman Jerome R. Waldie 

" The renewal of massive bombing of 
North V ietnam is a clear admission that 
peace in Indochina is not 'at hand' as 
Henry Kissinger assured the American 
voters," Congressman Jerome R. 
Waldie, D-Calif" said today . 

"Once again, the United States, with 
all its enormous power is acting as a 
frustrated, angry giant, and is taking out 
its frustration and anger on the people 
of Indochina. 

" There is only one answer to our 
tradgey and the ir tragedy," Waldie con-
tinued "and that answer has b en one 

that I've called for six years-total and 
immediate withdrawal of all United 
States fQrces. 

"How sad that in the season when we 
celebrate the birth of the Prince of 
Peace that we mark the celebration by a 
ferocious resumption of killing people 
by raining death on the cities of North 
Vietnam from the skies that are covered 
with massive bombers of the United 
States of America. 

"That is not a symbol of my Country 
that creates pride in me as an 
American," Waldie said , 

::'11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111'1II1II11I1II1II1II11II1I11I1II111IIH811111111111 111111111111111111111111111111111111 11'1111 ~~ 

FEIFFER 
OP~S(O~ 86(~;( 

~IOuSIJe;s . 

An Alternative Life 5 
by J. 

TO THE STUDENTS OF UCSD: 

Death and the Dying Patient: Not Only the Physician's Problem 
"We are here today to explore those 

dimensions of personal skill needed to 
help dying patients". That was how Dr. 
Hans O . Mauksch, Professor of 
Sociology at University of Missouri and 
long-time friend and associate of Dr. E. 
Kubler Ross, began a seminar on the 
second of December at UCSD Medical 
School. Over two hundred med 
students, nurses, socia l workers, hospital 
staff members, and other interested per-
sons had shunned a bright, warm Satur-
day afternoon to convene in the second-
floor lecture hall of the Basic Science 
Building for a three hour discussion of 
" The Dying Patient". And if it seems to 
you that only a medical person could be 
interested in such a depressing subject 
or gain from it, you should have been 
there. You were one of those the 
seminar was aimed at. 

In the opening minutes of the talk, Dr. 
Mauksch pointed out the problems that 
arise when death is imminent in our 
technological society. He contends that 
we are so enamored of "success for 
success' sake" that death is looked upon 
somehow as a peron's "ultimate 
failure". Instead of being built into the 

COL)5CIOVS~sS ?f64.T 

Terry O'Neil, First Year UCSD Medical Stud~nt 
fabric of our society as something 
natural, death is something we learn 
early not to think about. As a result, we 
are not able to handle someone else's 
death compassionately. We may run 
away in panic, leaving them to die alone. 
A man's death is no longer really his 
own ... it is the " property" of the medical 
community. Helping humanely and 
healing have come onto a collision 
course because in learning how to force 
a patient's body to live, we have 
forgotten how to help him as a person. 
Indeed, many patients are moved to ask 
"who is dying, me or the physician's 
handiwork?" Many feel that in dying 
they are some how failing their 
physicians. What is worse, in their 
frustration and helplessness, some 
physicians feel that way. In their com-
mitment to preserving life at any cost, 
hospital staffs sometimes find 
themselves pulling away from the 
patient who is beyond their help. There 
is frustration, anger, and despair on the 
part of doctors, patients, and families. 
" In facing the dying human being," says 
Dr. MaukscH, "we get the feeling that 
we are much too close to our own 
death~." 

Eyewitness Account 

From many years of studying the 
dying, Drs. Mauksch and Ross have 
identified five phases of adaptation to 
death. The first is shock and denial, in 
which the patient insists there has been 
a horrible mistake, both to preserve his 
or her own sanity and to prevent the 
withdrawal of doctors, family, and 
friedns which the patient believes will 
inevitably follow. Next comes a period 
of angry depression, when the patient 
feels deep envy of the living around 
him . The third phase is one of 
bargaining. The patient thinks " ... Maybe 
if I did this .. . or that ... 1 will be granted a 
reprieve of an extension ... ". As the con-
dition deteriorates the patient moves to 
the fourth phase, that of beginning final 
separation, the last seeing of family and 
friends. last, hopefully, comes accep-
tance and peace. But it doesn't work out 
this way, sometimes. Something goes 
wrong, and the patient dies before 
having made peace. 

In order to help as human beings, 
medical staffs must do certain things, 
says Dr. Mauksch. They must maintain 
the patient's hope, where that is 
reasonable, whether the hope is in a 

cure or some death-delaying treatment, 
or in seeing an old friend once more, or 
in finding some sort of peace. They must 
never lie to the patient, however, 
because, as Dr. Mauksch puts it, "all our 
lies will come home to ropst" . The dying 
human being must be helped to con-
clude any unfinished business, whether 
personal or financial. lastly, the staff 
must remain close, as humans willing to 
absorb and share the fear and grief of 
the dying patient. The degree of maturi-
ty necessary to do these things is im-
mense. Those of us in the audience who 
were first-year medical students must 
have wondered more than once if we 
were adequate to such a task. 

Finally, if all this seems esoteric to you, 
remember one thing, says D.R Mauksch. 
We are all dying patients. From birth to 
death our health is on the average, a 
descending parabolic curve. We have 
nowhere to go but down. We will all 
need the sort of help Dr. Mauksch is 
talking about sometime. It is worth 
thinking about. 

(Note : A useful book to read for 
depth on this subject is Elizabeth 
Kubler-Ross On Death & Dying, The 
Macmillan ' Co., 1969) 

An American Doctor Reports : 
Healing the North Vietnam Sick and Wounded 

George Roth, M.D. 
Pacific News Service 

; Dr, Roth has been practicing medicine in San 
Francisco for 10 years, specializing in internal medicine. 
He has practiced in Africa and latin America and has 
been to South Vietnam three times with the Committee 
of Respon sibility, bringing home 85 wounded Viet-
namese children. He has been working with the 
Medical Aid to Indochina Committee; he recently 
returned from a trip to North Vietnam, accompanied 
by Dr. Peter Wolff, Dr. Morris Simon, and Dr. Pierce 
Gardner, all of Harvard Medical School. In this article 
he recounts his experiences there, 
QUANG AN, North Vietnam: 

The staff at the co-operative level usually consists of 
the midwife and an assistant doctor who has had 
between two and three years of medical schooL In my 
talks with several of these people, I was impressed with 
their wide range of medical interests, energy, and high 
sense of devotion to the co-operatives' citizens. 

The next step in the medical hierarchy is the village 
level, where there are dispensaries, much like small 
hospitals in this country. Here a number of problems 
are dealt with. There is usually a rather primitive X-ray 
machine, which can examine chests for lung disease, 
and check bones for possible fractures. The staff 
includes a midwife, perhaps two assistant doctors, and 
a nurse. A fully-trained physician educated either in 
Paris, if he is elderly, or in Hanoi itself if he is younger, 
makes periodic visits, perhaps twice a week. 

rr WAS rv:; r £,(~ (He 6'CbltJ~.)fOG· 

Nothing reveals more clearly the attitude any society 
has towards its members than how medical care is 
conceptualized ' and delivered. What remains in the 
forefront of my mind from my trip to North Vietnam is 
that the country has a profound dedication, in every 
sense, to the health and well-being of all of its people, 

At the next level are the province hospitals. During 
the French occupation there was a hospital built in 
each of the country's 36 provinces. The province 
hospitals are capable of providing more complicated 
care, and correspond in many walls to small community 
hospitals in the United States, There is a full medica l 
staff with nurses, X-ray technicians, laboratory 
technicians, and other para-medical personnel, All but 
the most complex diseases or injuries can be handled 
here. Ie: Let It Be The Air War 

Before you continue on with the rest of this article, please take a look at an 
individual near you - do you realize that it is quite possible that he (or she) is a 
homosexual; yes, a REAL LIVE, HONEST TO GOODNESS, HOMOSEXUAL (Le. 
gay, queer, fairy, fag, etc.) 

your guts out, trying to hide the fact that you're a "freak". It 
... "'lIlA,h,,,,,, you feel like going out into a publ ic place and shouting 

A HOMOSEXUAL, SO FUCK YOUI" 

As a doctor, I am aware that many people in the 
United States find our medical health care system to be 
terribly unsatisfactory. Medical care is prohibitively 
expensive and unnecessarily impersonal, due to the 
aura of professionalism surrounding medicine in this 
country, At best, good care is difficult to obtain, and is 
often fragmented, over-specialized, and incomplete. In 
contrast, North Vietnam's medical structure is ex-
quisitely attuned to the needs of its citizens both for 
normal medical problems and those resulting from the 
air war . 

According to former minister of health of North 
Vietnam, Dr. Pham Ngoc Thach, the main problem has 
been the shortage of trained personnel, This was solved 
by abandoning th e long-term "academic" approach to 
medical education and training large numbers of 
people in a short time to carry out specific important 
jobs. They return to medical school later if they wish, 
As a resu lt, today almost everyone of North Vietnam's 
6,000 villages has a healthy facility with several well-

These province hospitals continue to function under 
the mist arduous circumstances. Since the beginning of 
the stepped-up air war offensive in April , the U.S. has 
bombed 32 of these 36 hospitals. I visited one, Bachmai 
Hospital near Hanoi, where an entire building had 
been destroyed by low-altitude bombing and rocket 
attacks in May. 

Now, if I haven't disgusted you by the mere mention of that horrible word, take 
another look at your subject and relax. Chances are that he (or she) is not a 
homosexual. Statistics vary depending on who presents them and what they are 
trying to prove, The homosexual community would like to maximize the gay 
population to about ten per cent of the entire population, but at the other 
extreme there are the" non-believers" who desire 'to minimize the "pr06Iem" 
at somewhere around three per cent. To bring the situation closer to home, let's 
say we have about 6,000 students here at UCSD, that means there are between 180 
to 600 " queers" on campus - isn't that exciting? 

Once more look at your friend - so what if he's a homosexual? We are people 
also, we're entitled to the same social and sexual rights as others - aren't we? 
Sure, there are homosexuals who commit sex crimes just as there are hetersexuals 
who commit sex crimes, however the great majority of us can hardly be 
considered sex fiends - can you honestly hold the entire whole responsible for 
the actions of a few? 

For the last time look at your subject - if he's looking back at you, you may 
have started something - good for you I 

I come now to what is perhaps the saddest part of the whole mess. 
Hypothetically let's suppose you are a homosexual - how are you going to make 
contact with this other person you suspect is a homosexual? The answer is you 
probably don't. You sit there waiting for him to make the f irst move, you sit there 
too cautious to make the first move yourself, so you sit there. You have emotions 
and desires - how are you to satisfy them? How about cruising? This may 
produce results but it can hardly be termed a satisfying experience and offers only 
a temporary solution - if any solution at all. Try and think what it would be like to 
approach another person, "Hi, I'm queer - want to go to bed?" Well it doesn't 
quite work that way, your inhibitions, implanted by society, say "NO". So you're 
forced into public rest rooms, gay bars, etc. running the risk of being arrested 
(homosexuality is illegal in many states), blackmail, and the hatred and/or fear of 
most of society. 

The whole " problem" can be traced to one of two possible sources. The first Is 
the homosexual himself, eliminate him and the problem is solved - it's simply a 
matter of genocide. The second is society, which has not yet matured to the 
extent where it can acknowledge that homosexuality exists, Imagine being 
brought up to believe how evil and wicked "que~rs" are and then to find out that 
you are one - sort of a super bad joke played on you by society. So you go 

~~, .. .. nn sorry that I can't affix my name to the bottom of this letter-
not as but for this society which will not permit me to be myself. 
The key lies tion of people on the subject of homosexuality. It calls 
for a long a effort, it calls for a radical change in thinking concerning the 
subject. It ..,,,,, ... ,., nice if we could start here ana now, I hope the homosexual 
community UCSD will make itself heard; questions should be raised and if 
possible, an I also extend an invitation to any of you pious heterosexuals. 
let's hear have to say about homosexuality, Let's drag the subject out of 
the public and discuss it out in the open as rational and sexual being -
OK? 

pose. or. ,hOle of 'he au,hors whose nomes oppeor In 'he bylines ond do no' 
of 'he TRITON TIMES, ,,"yon. desiring '0 .ubml' mo,eriol '0 be publi.hed on these poges 

TR ITON TIMES. 117 Blake Holi. UCSD . .... 11 contribution. MUST Include the nome 
nome. will be wi,hheld on request, Con'ributions should be typed. double·.paced, 

"" ."".iye<! no I".r 'han Tuesdoy for publiCition on friday . Th e TRITON TIMES r •• erve. 
With libel laws lind space limitations, Authors of material sent in .1nonymously th is 

send us their names and addres es, with II summary of what their lener said for 

HAPPY NEW 
FOUR MORE 

YEARS 

trained staff , L I f eve so care 
Medical care delivery begins at the co-operative 

level, Groups of farmers who come together for 
economic reasons such as the purchase of fertilizers 
and seeds contract with the province's health service 
agency to make medical personnel and goods available 
to the co-operative or nearby villages. 

I visited a co-operative at Quang An, and there I 
spent the most exciting day of my life. A small dispen-
sary provides trad itional herbal medicines as well as 
routine measures such as the immunization of 
children. Common medical complaints can be taken 
care of there . In addition, there is a five-bed-maternity 
ward with a skilled midwife (one of 14,000 trained in 
North Vietnam), who delivers some 70-80 babies a year. 

Quang An village is also a research station that grows 
h rbs and plants which have m dicinal value. For 
thousands of years, the Vietnamese us d certain kinds 
of plants to treat Illness. One hundred herb are now 
being systemat ically studied at the Institute of Phar-
macology in Hanoi to identify and measure the phar-
macologica lly active ingredients. For xample, it is 
widely known that if one is elderly and has had 
problems with swelling of the feet, shortness of breath 
and persistent cough, there is a particular herb that 
should be taken. Th activ ingredi nt has now b n 
id ntified as digitalis. A potent drug, digitalis has 
specific and predictable effect in treating heart failure, 
of which welling and shortn 5 of breath ar symp-
toms. 

The bombing has forced Vietnamese medicine to 
focus on the treatment of civilian casualties, After a 
lengthy visit to the War Crimes Museum and numerous 
talks with doctors in several hospitals, it became 
apparent to me that the thrust of the air war is again t 
the Vietnamese people. There are 12 to 15 anti-
personnel devices which the U,S. drops in enormous 
numbers. ome of them are unbelievably vicious and 
deadly; all are prohibited by international law. Can-
nisters containing 10,000 metal cubes roughly a quarter 
of an inch round are dropped by the thousands. Upon 
explosion, the cani ters spew forth the pellets at rates 
up to 1200 feet per second. The damage to human 
flesh, their prime target, is almost incalculable. Other 
anti-personnel weapons are made of plastic, which 
doesn't show up on X-ray, and produces wounds which 
become infected rapidly, Doctors at all levels halle 
b come enormously adept at emergency operation , 
especially in extracting these metal and plastic 
fragments. 

Progress Since The French 
Long ago the Vi tnam se mad a ma ive effort to 

eliminate tho e diseases which, at the end of the 
French occupation in 1954, cau ed an infant mortal ity 
rat of 400 per 1000 birth a year. A a re ult of 
yst matic immunization programs against poli o, 

smallpox, diptheria, tetanus, who.,ping cough, and TB, 
th infant mortality rate throughout all of orth 
Vi tnam in 1970 wa 2 rar '! . I. omp.1 on, t • 
infant mortality rate in the Unit d tate the same year 
wa 26 p r 1000, 

The striking impr ion that on ts of onh 
Vi tname e medical care is that it i human . int Ilig nt, 
and tightly organized. 0 pit th rava e of war, it 
provide x ell nt car , both pr v ntive and 
therap uti to all it citil n . 

Page 5 Tuesday, January 9, 1973 Triton Time! 



Film/Pilm ilnd Michilel Rosenthill 

Bourgeoisie Charm 
This is the most elegant, sumptuously 

entertaining, and uproariously funny shaggy-dog story 
you are likf'ly to encounter. It also seems to be a 
profound comment on power, fear, and the bourgeois 
mind - but contrived with a" the delicacy and slyness 
that one likes to associate with age, wisdom, ex-
perience. For Luis Bunuel is 72 years old, and this may 
be his best film. It is also Ilis first great popular success, 
and except for the first-run prices involved, an 
altogetller happy event. 

The bourgeoisie in question include the ambassador 
of Miranda, a mythical corrupt Latin American 
republic; two wealthy businessmen, their well-dressed, 
we"-coiffed wives; and a younger sister. The six form a 
tight social circle, dining togetller, the women meeting 
for cozy afternoon teas, tile men for bigtime cocaine 
deals, the ambassador and one of tile wives for a 
civilized extramarital affair. 

We first encounter the ambassador, one couple and 
the younger sister en route to a dinner party at the 
other couple's home. But there has been a mis-
understanding; the host is away on business and the 
hostess insists that the dinner was planned for the 

) o"owing evening. No matter - brill iant smiles a" 
around - and the five friends are off to a nearby inn, 
where, however, dinner plans are aga in subverted. It 
seems that the innkeeper has died tllat afternoon, and 
lies unappetizingly in the next room, surrounded by 
wai ling staff and family, and awaiting a tardy under-
taker. 

And so it co nt inues. Our six bourgeo is are attacked 
by terrorists, and by thei r own sexual desires; they 
endu re police arrests, mil itary maneuvers, bad dreams, 
and shortages of tea and coffee. For the Simple-m inded 
punchline of th is shaggy-dog story is that they never 
get to eat. Yet they meet a" interruptions and in-
conveniences with the sa me marvelously bland, bright 
smiles, beautiful manners, in sllort wi th a" the discreet 
charm that keeps the social machine in repa ir, in a 
world that constantly threatens to go out of control. 

Of course, things can go out of control in any 
number of ways, and tile bourgeoisie, balanced neatly 
atop an unsteady social pyramid , are plagued by a wide 
range of imminent disaster - from mixed-up di nner 
plans to murder by revolutiona ry terrorists. The fear of 

being exposed, unmasked, unpowered, embarrassed in 
everpresent, and out group deploy a" tlleir formidable 
politesse to keep tllings in good taste - and to save 
their skins. In fact the two sorts of imminent danger are 
not so different, at least in tile minds of our group. For 
the world of the bourgeoisie is ever on the alert 
against the faux pas. Murder and revolution are just not 
done, any more tllan forgetting an appointment or 
serving rubbery chicken . 

Dreams are an essential element of tile precarious 
social mixture, for dreams are where we stash a" tile 
gnawing, sinking terrors that accompany tile smooth 
functioning of social life. Several dreams are in-
terwoven into the film, some explicitly announced as 
entertainments, like the recitation by a dewy-eyed 
young soldier, to which the assemblage listens as 
though it were a harpsichord recital. Some dreams are 
not announced, though, but seem to gr!,w directly out 
of the fabric of social life. Soon after the young soldier's 
dream, our group is seated at a formal dinner party, in a 
room Ilung witll red velvet curtains. The curtains 
suddenly part and the bourgeoisie discover tllemselves 
on a stage, confronting a jeering, booing audience, 
while a prompter frantically tries to feed tllem tlleir 
lines. They run offstage, in terror and mortification, and 
one of them, mercifully, awakens from this nightmare. 

In a final dream sequence, tile group is gunned 
down merci lessly before they get their second helpings 
of an absolutely perfect roast leg of lamb. Though, 
according to Chairman Mao revolution is not a dinner 
part y, still a ruined, shot-up dinner party, riddled with 
blood and bodies, is a fantastic visual symbol of anti-
bourgeois revolution. 

If painted by Hogarth, th ese frames, almost ending 
the film, could be titled " The Final Triumph of the 
Bourgeo isie," or " The I"usory Triumph of the 
Bourgeo isie," of " The Bourgeoisie Triumphant- Until 

ext Time." But as filmed by Bunuel, a" of these titles 
are implici t in the r ich, lusty image, a ni ce one to 
remember from the most sa tisfying film we have seen 
in a very long time. 

Astai re) 
Jan 27th : The Exile 

e Q Fel The Black Pirate Winter uarter I ms Feb. 3: Cleofrom5 t07 
Feb. 16th : Ba lIad of Zazie Dans Ie Metro 

Cable Hogue Feb 10th : EI Chaca l 
Feb. 23: High Sierra Memories of 

African Q ueen (Bogart) Underdevelopment 
March 2nd : McCabe and Feb. 17: The Detec ti ve 

Mrs. Miller The Maltese Falcon 
March 9th : Zorba the Feb 24th : Echoes of 

Greek Silence 
March 16th : Star t th e On th e BowerY$ March 

Revolut ion without M .E 3: La Strada 

Benefit Competition 
KPBS-TV, KDEO Radio 

and tile ACADEMY 
THEATRE have joined 
forces to present THE SAN 
DIEGO FILM FESTIVAL, an 
event to benefit San 
Diego's Public Broad -
casting Sation, Cllannel15. 

Any si lent or sound 
8mm, super 8mm or 16mm 
film completed witllin the 
past two years may be 
entered in tile designated 
categories. The separate 
divisions are: YounR Film-

makers Division (including 
elementary school, junior 
high school and senior 
Iligll school); College Film-
makers, Independent Film-
makers and Career Film-
makers. Tile career division 
is new this year, sponsored 
by the San Diego 
Vocational Guidance 
Association and the 
Festival. 

Cash and merchandise 
awards wi" be presented to 
the first, second and third 
place winners in each divi-
sion. In addition, special 
awards w i" be given by 
cooperating organizations 
FAME (Film and Media 
Educators of San Diego 

County) and - KPBS-TV, 
Channel 15. An award for 
tile best film entered in tile 
competition will be deter-
mined by an audience vote 
during tile seven-day 
sllowing at the Academy 
Tlleatre, February 23 
tllrougll Marcil 2 1973. 

Winners in tile Young Film-
maker's Division will be 
entered in tile proposed 
National Educational 
Television Young People's 
Film Festival. 

THE SAN ' DIEGO FILM 
FESTIVAL ENTRY 
DEADLINE IS FEBRUARY 
10. For additional infor-
maion and entry forms, 
contact : San Diego Film 
Festival/Su ite A, 2718 Fiftll 
Avenue/San Diego, 
Cal i fornia 92103 or 
telephone 299-4522. 

San Diego Film Festival 
contributors are KODAK, 
BROWN'S MOTION 
PICTURE LAB, CINIRA 
COPORATION AND SAN 
DIEGO CAMERA 
EXCHANGE. 

************************** 
.. .. 

: GRADUATING SOON? : 
It 

: Executive openings avilable up to $9,500 to It 
.. start - steady raises (up to $16,000 per It 

~ year after 4 years) : 
: ALL MAJORS 
.. 

This Quarter the Campus 
Programming Board will 
f eature two film 
series-Friday Flicks and a 
Saturday Film Series. Friday 
Films will screen at 7:00 
and 10:00 p.m. in 2722 USB 
w i th a 75« admi ssion 
charge. Saturday films will 
screen once only at 7 p.m. 
in 2722 and the charge will 
be 50«. Tickets available in 
adva nce at Urey Hall Box 
Office: 12-5 p.m. Tues-
Friday. 

Scaramouche Hellerin Pink Tights .. 
.. 

Naval Aviation Openings 
MATH/PHYSICS BACKGROUNDS 

Naval Nuclear Power openings 

It 
,. 

It 
,. Saturday Films March 10: Derby .. 

Jan 13 : Sorrow and the Murder M y Sweet .. 
Pity March 17 : Lord Love a .. 

Jan 20th : Meet M e in SI. Duck .. 
Friday Films Lou is Even Dwarves Started Small .. 

For information , call collect 
(213) 688-2750 

,. 
,. 

Jan 12th : Cool Hand r;:S=h=a="=W=e==D=a=n=c=e~(=F=re=d=, __________ --' ....... * ••• * * * * * * * * * * ** * * * * *,. 
Luk e (Paul N r~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~~ ewman ) USE The Shepard (a short) ••• 

Jan 19th: Tom Jones Your academic and staff 
The Critic (a short) employees Credit Union 

Jan 26th : Klute 
Why Do You Smile, Mona 
lisa (short) 

Feb 2: Shame (Bergman) 
King of Hea rts (Alan Bates) 

Feb . 9th : Night in 
Casablanca (Marx Bros.) 
Bananas (Woody Allen) 

AT THE 
G~OBE 

Cr ime end c'mtdy-rom.nce 
and ,oguery-.s~splcious 
actiVities at n ~ol.ted 
country I'Yam t n , atorm-
swept night .1 century ago 
cre.tes • 't'a:.lly amusing 
heart-pound ing melodrama. 

F.mU~ entertainment. 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

See your Credit Union 
for new and used ca r, 
truck, camper, motor 
home and mobile home 
loans. Our "Automa· 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) can assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
doo!er rl i<\counts aruJ 
market values of new 
and used cars. Your 
Credit Union makes 
shopping easy, faster 
and saves you money. 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, January 9, 1973 

VA 121 
VA 145A 
VA141 

VA 136 
VA 189 
VA 109 

Classes in Visual Arts 
The Department of Visual Arts wishes to call attention 

to some Winter Quarter course offerings : 

A Critical History of Photography F. Lonidier T,Th 2:00-3:30 
Representational Painting P. Patterson T,Th 2:00·4:50 
Collage E. Antin T 10:00-12:50 

Th 7:00-9:50 pm 
Art Criticism E. Antin T,Th 2:00-3:30 
The Directors Series Staff W 7:00-9:50 
Materials Staff M,W 2 :00·4:50 

MC 201 
MC 101 
MC 201 
MC 201 
MC 506 
USB 2722 
0322 MC 

Fred Lonidier will be teaching a large art history course in one of the youngest 
art forms photography. Representational Painting will be taught by Patricia 
Patte rson and should be taken by all students interested in figurative art. Students 
in Eleanor Antin's Col/age course will register with Pat Hall at the Extension Office 
the same as Concurrent Enrollment students, but must first sign up in the V isual 
Arts Office . David Antin 's Art CritiCism course is a workshop and discussion 
course in various modes of art and literary criticism, for students with background 
and interest in the modes of criticism - upper division and graduate students 
only - instructor's permission . Also , the V isual Arts Materials course wi" be 
offered again this Quarter. The Directors series movies wi" deal with the film 
revolution of the sixties , movies and movements leading to the present. 

SCHOOL RECORD 

Tritons Shoot for Seventh 
Tile red hot UCSD Iloopsters notclled their sixth 

straigllt win Saturday night against Pacific Christian by a 
score of n-63. Wllile most of UCSD's students were 
either skiing at Mammotll or surfing at Mazatlan, .the 
Tritons were busy amasing tile longest winning streak 
in UCSD history. Tiley started off the vacation on 
December 12 with a loss to a tougll Southern California 
College quintet but haven't lost a game since. 

The Tritons have been plagued by illness and injuries 
a" year, and amazingly have yet to face an opponent 
with a full squad. Their 6-3 record migllt we" be a 8-1 
or better were it not for sucll problems as sprained 
ankles, tile flue, pneumonia, and pulled muscles tllat 
Ilave Coach Bi" Reeves in a constant state of apprellen-
sion as to what wi" happen next. The latest casualties 
are starting guard Bob Spriggs, who was kept out of 
Saturday nigllt's game witll a severe case of tile flu, and 
Geoff Kostyshak who suffered a broken nose Friday. 
But the Tritons are just starting to get hot, and in the 
tile first Ilalf against Pacific Christian, played almost 
perfect basketball. 

Led by Lighting Gie Simpson tile Tritons blitzed tile 
Bible toters witll a devastating full court press and 
never looked back. Gie scored six straight by himself in 
one stretcll and UCSD led at half time 48-19. Pacific Ilad 
a hot second half as some guy hit 9 of 10 shots from 20-
25 feet, and tile Tritons let up a bit which accounted for 
tile final 14 point margin . Simpson led the scoring with 
17 and four others were in double figures. Pete 
Henderson had 16 (8 for 10) and had 12 rebounds, and 
Paul Trainer had 10 points and 14 rebounds, John May 
was smoking from the deep corner as he hit 7 of 10 
high arch outside bombs. He attributes his outside 

171 times a day. Smile away to Los Angeles, san Francisco, 
)akland, San Jose, Sacramento, Hollywood·Burbank,Ontario, 
)ng Beach. And return, Call your campus rep or PSA and ask 

our easy·to·bear, low fare . PSA &ives.1OU • 11ft. 

OPEN FOR LUNCH DAI L Y AT 11 :00 AM 

1/2 lb. H.mburllfs Pistflmi a. Cornell Betf 
PiZZI a. SJIIlftetti Tor,.dos • StrDmbolis 

BEER. WINE 

Open 11 100 AM - 2 :oo AM Mon.-Sat. 
11 :00 AM - 12:00 PM - Sun. 

ALSO, ORDERS TO GO 

] 
*2212 CARMEL VALLEY, 

ROAD 

5 Minutes 
From Campus 

shooting touch and the fact that he is one of few to 
avoid sickness and/or injury thus far to his daily 
consumption of Flintstone's Vitamins. John LeLevier 
also had 10 points and played a hustling floor game as 
he had a career high of 9 assists and 7 steals. 

On the year, tile Tritons are led in scoring and 
rebounding by all-everything sophomore sensat ion 
Paul Trainer. The inscrutable part-time genius inven-
tor, scuba diver, and basketball player is averaging 21 .6 
points per game and 12.7 rebounds. He was named 
NAIA player of the week two weeks ago and is 
shooting at a 55.2 percent clip. 'His Iligh games are 28 
points against Redlands and 18 rebounds against Cal 
Baptist, wllich was tile first victory for UCSD. Bob 
Spriggs Ilas been paying excellent ball a" year and is 
averaging 9.5 points per game. Other scoring leaders 
are Gie Simpson, 9.8; Pete Henderson, 8.5; Herb 
Hunter, 7.0; and Jon LeLevier, 6.8. 

Hopefu"y everyone who's interested in seeing a bad 
basketball team play some ball wi" be on hand tonight 
wilen we host Cal Baptist College. Cal Baptist averages 
89 points per game, so it should be an exciting, fast-
breaking game. And as long as we're on the subject of 
being bad, most observers agree tllat UCSD has some 
of the baddest cheerleaders ever seen in a gym. Even 
such veteran fans as the Wild Bunch were duly im-
pressed, so come on out and see for yourself. The JV 
game is at 6 p.m. and the Varsity game is at 8. 

Newsletter Holds 
Rec Information 
The Recreation Department has publ ished i ts 

quarterly newsletter, the " TRYING TIMES", which may 
be picked up in the Physical Educat ion off ices on the 
north side of the gym. It contains important informa-
tion regarding intramurals and recrea tional clubs as 
well as activities in which th e ent ire student body migllt 
be interested. 

For those interested in some of the cl ubs, here are 
some new contacts which are also published in the 
" TRYING TIMES": 
Club Contact Pllone 
AIKIDO Jeff Wong 453-8619 
BICYCLE Joe Wettstein 453-1476 
BOWLING Otis Watson 453-8179 
MODERN DANCE Marj McNair 454-5042 
MUIR OUTING Larry Meyer 272-8363 
SKYDIVING Scott Weekley 753-9654 
SURFING E" iot Rabin 453-1969 
SYNCHRONIZED SWIM Cindy Shroads 453-6656 
ANYTHING ELSEl Renee X 2282 

The entire ra nge of activit ies offered by the 
recreational atllietic program is geared to your enjoy-
ment and utilization. Sugggestions and advice, as we" 
as organization assistance, are always welcome, and 
you are invited to stop by the gym for a cllat with any of 
the staff (Barbara, Lee, Russ, Renee, Pat and Bert) 
Administrative Offices-

Physical Education 
Administrative Offices-Recreation 
Intramural Sports Office 

453-2000 X·2275 
2282 
2283 

Eauipment Issue Room and Reservations :. 
Squash, Hdndball, Tennis 

Swimming Pool 
2284 
11n 

488-3642 Santa Clara Point Sailing Facility 

..... 111111111111111111111_1l1li .. 111111111111111111111111111111111111"11111Illmllg 
= = I MANDEVILLE I 

LECTURES 

JACK 
ANDERSON 
Pulitzer Prize Winning Journalist 

5 Friday, Jan. 12th i I at 8:00 P.M. I 
I s 

1- CASA DEL PRADO ~=5=. BALBOA PARK 
I Free & Open ,I L To The Public = 

_1IIII_1_111I1I_IIIIIIIIIIIIII_n.I_lIllllmJ 
• 

SEC Sock-hop 
. Last quarter's campus activities were available if you 
knew how to find out about tllem. Tile Recreational · 
Assistants put on a free beach party with beverages and 
food at Scripps' Pier. There they passed out flyers 
ennumerati ng the activities for the quarter. They in-
clu ded a Sea World night, miniatu re golf, ice skating, a 
Thanksgiving dinner, and a Ha lloween costume dance 
on the Harbor Excursion boat. All of these activities 
were made ava ilable at low cost for students, faculty 
and fa milies. The w inter quarter promises to fill every 
week with fun -filled events. 

Robin Becker, Bernice King, Darlene Leth in, and Ron 
Scott are fo ur students much aware of the need to liven 
up the UCSD campus. They urge everyone else in-
terested in spicing up the events around here to join 
th em in the Social Events Club. They may be reached at 
Recreational Direction, Bert Kobayashi's office, ext. 
2282. 

Where is the action going to be? Beginning Saturday, 
January 13th, the plans are to return to the days of 
1950's. Following tile 6 pm JV basketball game against 
M iramar NAS and the 8 pm Varsity game against USD, 
there will be a traditional Sock hop with demonstration 
dances, featuring Sue Papanek. Intermingled with th is 
we will retu rn to tile good ole music of the 1970's. Th is 

ev~ning is free, so come support the teams and watcll 
those ten newly elected, foxy cheerleaders. The dance 
w ill run from 10-12 pm. 

Affirmative Action 
continued from page 2 

have released time granted to all interested employees. 
Data Bank Survey of Local Qualified Women Many 

highly qualified women who are presently un-
employed or underemployed are committed to this 
area (faculty wives, etc. ). UCSD Women sol icits vitaes, 
resumes and other such information and will make 
these available to the administration and others 
seeking qua lified women. 

Nepotis m : Many quali f ied women have been 
refused employment or underemployment at UCSD 
due to the continued existence and application of 
archaic " nepotism" rulings long discarded by many 
institutions throughout the nation. UCSD women seeks 
th e extensive abolition of these and other dis-
criminatory practices (pension , sick leave) which are 
now being modified and rewritten, Universitywide. 

Curricu lum Changes : UCSD Women are concerned 
with ident ifying and confronting sex ism and sex ist 
assumpt ions expressed in the structure and content of 
much of the present curriculum. 

Women 's Advocate: Many insti tutions th roughout 
tile country have created high-level posi tions fo r 
women within the ir administrative structure. Such a 
position is sought for UCSD. 

Coordinating Activities : UCSD Women seek to ma in-
tain contact witll other groups on campus whose 
members have also been subject to discrimination. 
They also attempt to coordinate activists with similar 
groups on other campuses througll til e Southern 
California Coordinat ing Cou ncil for Affirmative Action. 

LOSE 20 POUNDS 
IN TWO WEEKSI 

Famous U.S. Women 
Ski Team Diet 

During Ihe non·snow 011 
season Ihe U.S. Women's Alpine 
Ski Team members go on Ihe 
"Ski Team" diel to lose 20 
pounds In two weeks. ThaI's nghl 
- 20 pounds '" 14 days! The 
basis of Ihe dlel is chemIcal food 
acllon and was deVised by a 
lamous Colorado phYSICIan es· 
peclally for Ihe U.S. Ski Team. 
Normal energy is mainlalned. 
(very Important!) while reducing. 
You keep "'ull" - no slarvallOn 
- because Ihe dlel is designed 
Ihal way! II's 8 diel lhalIS easy 10 
follow whelhel you work, Iravel or 

slay home. 
ThIS IS, honestly, a 'antasllcally 

successful diet. If II weren'l Ihe 
U.S. Women's Ski Team wouldn'l 
be permilled 10 use It! Righi? So, 
gIve yoursell Ihe same break Ihe 
U.S. Ski Team gelS. Lose welghl 
Ihe scienufic, proven way. Even II 
you've Ined all Ihe olher dIets, 
you owe II 10 yourself 10 Iry ,he 
U S. Women's Ski Team Diet. Thai 
IS, If your reall~ do wanl to lose 
20 pounds '" two weeks. Order 
loday. Tear Ihis oul as a reminder 
'Send only $2.00 ($2.25 lor Rush 
Service) - cash IS O.K. - to 
Information Sources Co .• P.O. !lox 
982. ,Dept. ST, Corplnlerla Calif. 
93013 Oon't order unless you 
expeel 10 lOse 20 pounds In two 
w kSI Beacua e lhal's whal lhe 
Ski Te m Dlel Will do' 

$9.00 

FEATURE 
THE ENTIRE 
LEVI LINE AT 
REASONABLE 
PRICES-JUST 

SMIN. FROM 
THE CAMPUS 

~. 
lU03 POWAY ROAD, POWAT 
'.1 GIUIID. LA JOLLA 
102S 1000CRAlfS, POIIfT LOMA 
It II CANllfO DEL NO 

Page 7 Tuesday, January 9/ 1973 Triton Times 



announcements 

tue ' y 
ATIENTION CHE S CLUB 
meets Tuesday Jan 9 at 7:30 
pm in the Revel' cafeteria. 
Please bring yO\Jr own sE'ts 
and boards. (1/9) 
The noon conditioning 
program will meet daily 
from 12-1 in the wrestling 
room beginning Monday, 
January 8. Recreation 
Privil ge Card is required. 
Optional auna, wimming, 
olleyball, and jogging. For 

information and sign-up 
contact Renee at ext. 2282. 
Dance technique classes for 
the Winter Quarter will 
begin on Tuesday, January 
9. Classes will meet on 
Tuesdays from 7:30-':1 :00 
pm in the orth Balcony. 
Enrollment is limited! ign-
up now in the P.E. office. 
For information contact 
Renee at ext. 2282. (1/9) 
UCSD Women meet 
Thur day noon at the Inter-
national House. Come to 
hear Dr. Korevarr di cuss 
affirmative action in tKe 
Math department. All 
welcome. Don't miss it. 
(1/9) 
All Track and Field 
Athletes : There will be a 
meeting Wednesday, 
January 10, 7:00 pm. The 
meeting will be in the 
classroom, north balcony of 
the gym. I urge you to be 
there as well as any persons 
you know that might be 
good prosp cts. (1/9) 

ervices 
BMWSAAB 

co TI E TAL MOTOR 
601 So. Hill 

Oceanside 722-8114 
We ervice all makes 
of foreign cars (1/ 30) 

FREE CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified ads in the TI are 
free only to registered 
grads and undergrads at 
this campus. All ads must 
be typed. Due to space 
limitations ads can only be 
three lines long, typed on a 
th irty-space line. Anything 
longer shall be charged ac-
cordingly. Deadlines are : 9 
a.m. Mon. for the Tues. 
edition and 6 p.m. Wed. for 
the Fri . edition. No phon 

Inter sted in radio? K DT 
(alias Radio Free La Jolla) 
will be holding a general 
taff meeting Tuesday, Jan. 

16 at 8 pm in Conference 
Room A, 111 Me. 
Everybody is welcome. Get 
involved - if you think you 
have any particular knack 
for music, public affairs, 
engine ring, production or 
news - we need you! 
Come to the meeting 
and/or stop by - we're 
located in Quonset Hut 314 
on M.ATIHEWS Campus. 
(1/16) 

wednesday 
The meeting for Campus 
Crusade for Christ will b 
held this Wednesday night 
at 7:00 in the ollh Dining 
Hall of the Muir cafeteria, 
above the Fi hbowl. We 
will be starting new Basic, 
Advanced and Action 
Group Leader Training 
Classes. Everyone is 
welcome to come. (1/9) 

general 
A representative from the 
UCLA GRADUATE 
SCHOOL OF 
MANAGEMENT will be on 
campus Friday, January 12 
in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge, to discuss their 
MBA program offering 
specialties in such fields as : 
arts management, finance, 
accounting info rmation 

in ads please. For more info 
call ext. 1017. 

for sale 
"Sky Hatch" with installa-
tion Fits most any domestic 
or recreational vehicle . 
Provides extra light to in-
terior, can be used as sun 
roof while driving, observa-
tion post for 
photographing as well as an 
escape hatch if necessary. 
Good price. Call 453-6467 
after 6. (1/12) 

TEN-SPEED " BOTTECIA" 
WELL U ED BUT GOOD 
CO D. $75 . CALL AL 
AFTER 4, 295-1264 (1/ 12) 

systems, and comparative 
business and internationa l 
management. For further 
information, call Career-
Education Planning Ser-
vices, Ext. 2401 . (1/12) 

UC D students who might 
be interested in career 
positions with the Naval 
Underseas Research and 
Development Center 
(NUC) may submit their 
re umes for consideration 
to be interviewed at the 

UC Laboratory in San 
Diego on February" 1973. 
Resume forms are available 
from Career-Education 
Planning Services, 6th 
Floor, Bldg . 2D, Muir 
College, Ext. 2401. THESE 
RESUMES MUST BE 
RETURNED TO CEPS NO 
LATER THA JANUARY 17 
to allow time for their 
r view b fore the interview 
date. Those selected will be 
advised in advance and 
scheduled for an interview. 

UC offers training 
positions in research and 
development related to un-
derseas surv illance, ocean 
science, and technology. 
Trainees are on a one-year 
rotational program being 
trained in all departments 
of the lab; at conclusion, 
they will be given a final 
and permanent assignment 
appropriate to the trainee's 
interests and the lab's 
needs. (1/19) 
A representative from the 
UNITED CALIFORNIA 
BANK will be on campus 

Girls 26 in . 3 spd (Robin 
Hood) . Good condition 
$20, call ext. 2367; home 
459-7926. (1/9) 

Need a home for a Yamaha 
50 ... only $80 and it's yours. 
Also a nice Whirlpool 
washer for $25. Call 753-
2367. (1/12) 
Ski boots sizp. 9. Large . 
Plastic bkle. Ex . condo $40 -
755-7685 (1/12) 
Semi-antique Mestiad 
Oriental Rug (in good con-
dit ion) 11'6" x 13'8", asking 
$700. 459-7888 (1/9) 
Like the Big BOSE 901 
sound but not the Big BOSE 
901 PRICE? Then you'll love 

Native American Courses Open 
Regist ratio n lo r two 

NaTive American Studies 
cours s Is s til ' ppen . 
L hman Brig '! man, 
originator of UC Berkel y's 
, ativ meri an Studi s 
o partment , will be 
teaching "U.S. Tertitorial 
Expansion Policy \ s. Indian 
R moval and Con II t" and 
"Th ativ Am!r an In 
Cont mporary Pmbl ms." 

affects Native Am ·ricans. 
Ph ysical , political, and 
so ioeconomic aspects of 
Indian rese rvations will 
also be presented in this 
cou rse, along with urban 
probl m s Native 
Am ri am f.1rc~cn Iy far 
The r 10 ation system and 
Indian ducation are also 
topi cs indud d in the 
cours . 

"Th Native Am ri an 
"Th Native Arrerican in Cont mporary So iety," 

Cont mporary Pro bl ms" T hi rd W o rI d t u dis 
is d sig n d to give the STu- Cou rs 103, m ts 
d nt a working knowl dg Tuesdays from 3 to 5 in USB 
of probl ms and issu s 3070. Thp ours code is 
fac d by th Nativ 6415. 
Am ri an today . This flU .. T rritorial Expan-

will examin th sion Poli y vs . Indian 
history of th Bur au of R moval and Confli til will 
Indian Affair nd th U.S. cov r t rntorial expansion 
Publl Haith rvi as it of the U .. during th 

Pag 8 Triton Times Tu sday, January 9, 1973 

period 1830-1934. It focuses 
upon the Indian Ameri ans 
residing east of the 
Mississippi River, west of 
th Mississippi by the 
F deral Government. Th 
wid spr ad effects of the 
Indian Removal Act upon 
Native Ameri ans will b 
examined. The historical 

ff ts of R onstruction 
upon Nativ Am ri an 
will also b STudied. 

"U.S. Expansion Policy 
vs . Indian R moval and 
Conflict," Third World 
tudi 102, m ts Monday 

from 3 to 5 in Hl1145. Th 
cours cod is 6414. 

If you ar interest d in 
s igning up for th s 
ours 5, regist r arly n 

w k. 

Friday, January 19 to talk 
with students interested in 
a career in banking. UCB 
offers a 12 month formal 
training program that will 
lead to posi tions as sales 
and operations managers in 
their branch offices. They 
are especially interested in 
people with finance, sales 
and technical aspects of 
banking backgrounds. For 
further information and to 
schedule an appointment, 
call Career-Education Plan-
ning Services, Ext . 2401 . 
(1/19) 
A representative from the 
MCGEORGE SCHOOl OF 
LAW in Sacramento will be 
on campus Friday, January 
19, in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge to talk with 
students interested in the 
study of law. For further 
information, call Career-
Education Planning Ser-
vices, Ext. 2401. (1/19) 

The Adaptive Learning 
Program offers free classes 
designed to improv.e 
reading spe d and com-
prehension. Classes will 
meet for eleven one-hour 
periods beginning Jan. 15, 
1973 as follows : Sec. 1, M, 
W 10 am; Sec. 2, M, W 11 
am; Sec. 3, T, Th 10 a. For 
additional information or 
to sign up call Barbara or 
Jackie at 453-2000, ext. 2401, 
or come to R6008, 6th fl. 
Muir 20. (1112) 

The PhloreKent 
Leech and Eddie 

Marl! Volman and 
Howard Kaylan 

in Concert 
with 

special luesl 
comedian 

Murray Roman 
UCSDGYM 

'an. 'Il S.I Nile 
8:30PM 

$1.50 UCSD sludenls 
Pre-sale 

$2.00 all others 
Pre-sale 

$2.50 eve ryone 
Allhe Door 

Tickets available 
ill Urey Hilil 
BOll Office 

(1/'Il) 

Jack Anderson, Pulitzer 
Prize-winning journalist, 
will be featured Mandeville 
Lecturer this Friday January 
12th. The lecture will be 
presented in the Casa del 
Prado, Balboa Park, San 
Diego at 8:00 pm. The lec-
ture is free and open to the 
public - made possible by 
the Mandeville Founda-
tion . (1/12) 
Study skills classes will be 
offered by the Adaptive 
Learning Program. Six one-
hour class meetings will in-
clude such common study 
problems as preparing for 
examinations, information 
organization and time 
scheduling. Organizational 
meeting Jan. 16, 1973 11 :30 
a-12 :30 pm, Conference 
room 6086 Muir 20 6th fl. 

O ne section will meet T, Th 
11 am. Other times may be 
arranged. (1/12) 
Don Reed, a musicia n from 
l.A. wi ll perform in the 
Revell Cafeteria Friday, Jan . 
U, at 9 pm. Admission is 
Free. (1/12) 

lit/Ge 103 - THE GERMAN 
BALLAD FROM HE RD ER 
TO GUENTE R GRASS -
Students of this course will 
analyze and discuss in 
depth the many fascinating 
aspects of this sh ort 
dramatic literary genre in 
its historical, social and 
cultural context. The in-
structor, Visiting Professor 
Katharina Mommsen, is not 
only an internationally 
renowned scholar. Mrs. 
Mommsen is also con-
sidered - by students in 
Europe, Canada and in this 
country - to be a most 
stimulating and charismatic 
teacher. (1/12) 

There will be a general 
meeting for new and 
retunrlng Pre-med 
volunteers at the V.A. 
Hospital. This meeting will 
be held on Saturday, 
January 13th, 11:00 am, in 
the Multi-purpose Room at 
the V.A. Among the topics 
will be a feedback-ty pe dis-
cussion on the weak and 
strong points of this 
volunteer program. All Pre-
med volunteers are urged 
to attend. (1/12) 

advertisements for ourselves 

what you hear at 565-2781 . 
(1/12) 

travel 
EU ROPE-ISRAEL 

EAST AFRICA 
Stud nt flights . Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout Europe, Russia, 
and Mexico. Official SOFA 
agent for inter-European 
stud nt charter flights, in-
cluding Middle East and Far 
East. Student Ski Tours . 

European used car 
purchase ystem, Contilct: 
ISCA, 11667 San Vincente 
Blvd. No. 4 l.A. Ca. 90049 
Tel : (213) 826-5669, 626-
0955 (212) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND. 
No more club feesl 50 
Departures, also NYC, 
Japan & Australia. Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: ISTC, 
323 N. Beverly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca. 90210, (213) 275-
6160 

lost and found 
Found : old-fashioned 
maroon/white print bag. 
Amber handles. Call 453-
1742 (1/12) 
Found: pair of wire framed 
glasses in pink carrying 
case. Claim in Triton Times 
office. (1/12) 

housing 
Rm for rent 2 blocks from 
campus. Kit fac., all utilities 
paid . $90 mo. Call 453-4511 
(1/9) 

wanted 
Wanted: good, used copy 
of Dwass "Prob. & Stat." for 
M.ATH 181 A, call Sheri, 
459-3996 anytime. (1/12) 
"JOBS IN ALASKA" now 
available. This handbook 
covers all fields, summer 
and career opportunities. 
Plan YOUR adventure I 
$3 .00 JIA, Box 1565, 
Anchorage, AK 99510 (1/26) 


