
Waldie Speaks at USD 
8 .... Hlelea 

In a discussion with a small gathering at USD last Friday Jerome Waldie, candidate for 
Governor of California, expressed his views on such critical issues as financial 
corruption in politics, environmental problems, and racial integration. " 

The Congressman called for a new attitudeJn government, similar to that of the Pat 
Brown administration. He stated that..he could not "think of ~ single program" of the 
Reagan administration which has tended to "help people in California who are 
disadvantaged or powerless". The Brown administration, on the other hand, was 
concerned with helping thore who were disadvantaged, imprisoned, and mentally ill. 

Waldie stated that he would "be running a populi"st campaign", attempting to e'nlist 
"broad and widespread support" among the people. A similarity has been noted 
between his campaign thus far and the McGovern predidential campaign last year. As 
was the case with McGovern he lacks the financial resources that other candidates 
are able to draw upon. His campaign relies largely on the activities of unpaid volunteers, 
rather than large expenditures of campaign money. He professes concern for the 
voiceless and powerless. 

The San Diego Union quoted him as stating (in remarks on the Office of Economic 
Opportunity) that ~My own view is that OEO did not fail... and it was not curtailed 
because it was a failure. It was curtailed because ... it was a success." 

Waldie expressed his sentiments on a number of specific issues. He expressed 
Concern for the preservation of the invironment. He said that mountains, deserts, etc. 
need to be protected by a state program such as that which was initiated in connection 
with the coastline. He stated that he is not persuaded that we are faced with an energy 
crisis of the proportions which some have described. He said that "every suggestion to 
alleviate the crisis in energy has _as_its focal point" opposition to a conservation 
movement (e.g. the Alaska pipelinel-He stated that energy industries' wants are being 
sought by utilizing the argument that there is an energy crisis; he said that the oil 
depletion allowance is defended in these terms. 

As far as education is concerned, Waldie stated that it should not be so dependent on 
property tax, because people will vote down property tax, and education suffers. He 
stated that he favors busing if it is the only method to achieve the "terribly important" 
objective of an integrated society. 

In connection with financial corruption In politics, Waldie stated that the electorate 
should demand full disclosure of candidates' sources of money for campaign activities. 
He said that a thread which runs throughout the Watergate affair is the gigantic sums of 

~oney which were contributed without disclosure, money which, it is now being 
discovered, was used for financing activities such as the Watergate break-in. He said 
that there is an "equal tendency toward corruption in this state.". He stated that a 
politician's sources of money reveal to what "extent the integrity of the candidate has 
b e n compromised". 

~aldie expressed support for the d criminalization of the us of marijuana. He 
VOiced opposition to the death penalty, which , he said, he has oppos d for a great 
many y~ars. As far as Reagan's tax program i concerned, he expres ed oppOSition to it. 

Waldie stated that he favors the Equal Rights Amendment . He said that he changed 
~an~ of his own attitudes to women when he realized how destructive th y were. A ~~nallssu which he discussed is theTtat of m dical care in California. H aid that the 
I syst m is abysmal", but that any mas ive change will have to come from the f dral 
ev I. Everybody, in hi view, is not entitled to exactly the same medi al care, but 
ev ryone is should receive at least adequate medical car . 

Tuesday, May 29, 1973 

Photo: SIIith 

Walk to Save Crest Canyon 
Tim O'Neil 

Last Saturday, a nature walk through 
Crest Canyon at 11 am at the intersection 
of Durango and Del Mar Heights Road , 
featured three scientists as guides. The 
walk was sponsored by the 'Citizens to 
ISave Crest Canyon'. 

According to Ann Williamson of the 
Citizens to Save Crest Canyon, "the pur-
pose of • the walk was primarily to 
stimulate interest and knowledge of the 
Canyon." The people in the tour walked 
through the canyon; while the 3 scientists 
explained the wildlife, fauna, and 
answered any questions that the par-
ticipators had. 

The three scientists were: Michael 
Soule, zoologist at UCSD; John Hawkins, 
geologist at the Scripps Institute 
and Helen Witham, botanist at the 
Natural History Museum of San 
Diego. 

The Ci~izens to Save Crest Canyon, are a 
group of landowners in the Crest Canyon 
and surrounding area, who are trying to 
make the Canyon into an open park. 

Currently, there is a plan for a con-
dominium developement in the canyon 
on file in the San Diego's city Planner's 
Office. The group wishes to buy the land 
and set it aside, before flits beauty is 
ruined by the developement." 

For the citiz ns to purchase the land, 
they must form an a ses ment district first. 
Th propo ed area of this di trict is : north 
from the Carmel Vall y Road to the river 
bed flats, about the site of the old airport 
road outh of the rac track; and we t 
from Inter tat 5 to old Highway 101 , 
known as Camino D I Mar. 

According to Bob Caine, community 
d velop r in the an Diego City Pla r,ner 
Office. "Th formation of thi asses m nt 
di tri t pos s om problems." The fir tis 
that ther are two judical dist rict in-
volved; D I Mar and an Di 0 Cit . 

ond, it will r quir th joint work nd 
ontrol of th e two di tricts to have th 

as m nt di tri t . 
A Mi ion Hill i the only oth ram-

pie of an assessment district purchasing 
land for an open park, there are many 
uncertain procedures left to be decided. 

Thus, on May 31 , the City of San Diego 
and Del Mar will meet to decide the joint 
powers and regulations by wh ich to form 
this assessment district. 

Once the assessment district is formed, 
the Citizens to Save Crest Canyon will 
then circulate a petition asking for an 
assessment of the the canyon. The peti-
tion must have 60% of the landowners', 
who live in the assessment district, 
signatures before it can be submitted to 
the City of San Diego. 

Once the city has the petition, they will 
order an assessment. The assessed value 
of the canyon, minus the financial support 
of the city, will then be distributed 
amongst the landowner . 

A public hearing will then be held for 
the landowners to voice whether or not 
they want to pay their share of the value 
of the canyon. If the consent is yes, then 
the City of San Diego will buy the canyon. 

The financial support of the City of San 
Diego, for this project, has yet to be 
determined. On May 30 a meeting will be 
held to set up the general guid lines of 
the city's support. 



, Black Arts ' 73 Scheduled for Friday 
"Black Arts '73", the second 

production of UCSD's Revolutionary 
Black Drama Association, will open at 
8 pm, June 1 in the UCSD Theatre. 
"Young, Gifted and Black", the 
production's theme, is directed by 
Mesiha Simpson, founder of the 
association. 

Doris Fielder, Mistress of 
Ceremonies, will deliver the opening 
remarks. The UCSD Black Drama 
Association's National song, "Young, 
Gifted and Black" will be sung bl' 
Sheila Calhoun, Doris Fielder, Debra 
Richardson and Cheryl McCliellan. 

Original skits portraying black 
education will inaugurate program. 
Thespians Lillian Tennell and Sheila 
Calhoun will present the first drama. 
The following creative piece will be 
acted by Toni Butler and Yvette Sut-
ton. Rounding out the sequence will 
be a creative work by Olivia Joseph, 
Pam Grady, Adriana Richards, Glenda 
Bennetts and Deborah Richa rdson. 

To conclude the first part of the 
program, skit thespians will dance to 

"Yesterday's Dreams", a poem com-
posed and presented by Mesiha 
Simpson. Prentice Dedrick will 
provide background on the drums. 

"The Awakening" is the title of the 
second portion of the performance. 
Una, a USIU Performing Arts student, 
will deliver "Sometimes I Feel Like A 
Motherless Child". "Free At Last", an 
original poem will be read 
si multaneou sly by the Author , 
Mesiha Simpson. 

Cheryl I McCliellan will recite 
original poetry composed as a letter 
filled with a dynamiC emotional im-
pact directed to her brother. Blen-
ding into McClielian 's reading will be 
the melody "I am a Prisoner". 

A 30minute tragi-comedy. will be 
presented by the Minstrel Troupe. 
Members of the Troupe are Kathy 
Pruitt , Jennifer Barefield, Marquerite 
Red, Lizbert Washington, Yolanda 
Jett, Nancy Johnson, Pam Grady, 
Katherleen Scott, Katherine Scott, 
Sandra Black, Sandra Burton, Jeffery 

Baker, Michelle Cooksey. All per-
formers are UCSD freshman. 

An all-woman African Dance 
Troupe, directed by Prentice 
Dedrick, will perform to "Arise in 
Shine". The dancers are Nancy John-
son, Pam Grady, Yvette Sutton, Velma 
Harris, Sheila Walker, Glenda 
Bennett, Mary Eastman, Susan 
Waters, Toni Butler and Charlotte . . 
The Master Dancer is Tommie 
Calimee. Dedrick will provide 
rhythmn on the drums. 

Original poetry readings will wind 
up the "Black Art of '73" production. 
Authors Phillip Harris, Nancy John-
son, Sandra Black, Sandra Burton, 
Adriana Richards, Mary Eastman, 
Edward Grant , Sharon Whiting, 
Sharon Dunvernay, Mesiha Simpson 
and Spike will recite their poetry to 
the beat of Dedrick 's "Black Arts 73 
will also be performed at San Diego's 
first Inner-City Black Graduation 
Ceremony, scheduled for 1 pm, June 
2 at Southeast park. All performances 
are free . 

425 Students for Inner -City Graduation 
Four hundred twenty five 

graduating students will take part in 
the first Inner-City Black College 
Student's Graduation this Saturday at 
1 p.m. in Southeast Park in San Diego. 

commencement is to increase the 
cultural awareness of the graduates. 

An all-woman African dance 
troupe, and singing , dancing, and 
poetry from the UCSD Revolutionary 
Black Drama Association, will be part 
of Saturday'S program. 

Representative to the San Diego City 
School Board, will deliver speeches to 
the graduating students. 

The organizer of this u ·n-
precendented ceremony, UCSD 
senior Mesiha Simpson, says that this 
Saturday'S commencement exercises 
are in addition to the graduations that 
each black graduate will participate 
in at their respective schools. He adds 
that the goal of this citywide black 

In addition to the cultural presen-
tations at the .ceremony, three 
speakers, Dr. Joseph Watson, Provost 
of UCSD's Third College, Dr. Charles 
Watson, UCSD Professor, and the 
Reverend Robert Smith, Black 

Graduates from eleven different 
institutions will partiicipate in the 
commencement proceedings. These 
.schools and institutions are ;ucsd, 
USD, USIU, CSUSD, Southwestern 
College, Grossmont College, San 
Diego City College, Mesa College, 
Palomar College, MiraCosta College, 
and the graduates of the Naval 
Training Corps. 

Career Worrys? 
Do you need information about career jobs, where 

and how to look for themr Carrer-Education Planning 
Services (CEPS) has a collection of directories of 
employers, including many of those in San Diego, to 
whom you can apply. Individual copies of the College 
Placement Annual, "Career Opportunity Index" and 
"The Job Market, Employer Research, and Job Hun-
ting" are available to any student who is looking for 
employment following graduation. 

If you need information about approximate salary 
offers you might expect from various types of in-
dustries, CEPS has a number of recent salary surveys 
which may help. Projections about future employment 
trends from numerous sources are also available to 
help you in your career plannir,g. 

A great variety of career job listings, including 
teaching positions, from employers throughout the 
United States and some from abroad may be referred 
to in the CEPS Library, Building 2D, 6th Floor, Muir 
College. For more information Call Ext . 2401. 

Learning Faire II 
The second learning faire of this quarter will occur 

on Wednesday May 30 at Muir Commons from 12-3. 
Some of the scheduled activities have occured in the 
other learning faires that have taken place over the last 
two quarters, as juggling and tie- dying. However, 
some new events are planned, as bodee painting, 
ora gamy, and macrame. An organizational meeting for 
those interested in sharing their ideas and perhaps 
some time is scheduled for Tuesday, May 29 at 11 :00 in 
the Students Educational Change and Development 
Center, located at lower Muir Commons. The in-
iatiative behind this Conference for Creative Ignorance 
is the Center, which also brought to you CAPE (Course 
and Professor Evaluations). The purpose of this day is to 
show new ways to approaching learning beyond the 
traditional totalitarian classroom structure. Formal lear-
ning tends to deal primarily with content to the 
exclusion of any process. An alternative model is 
possible by replacing authority and 
punishment/rewards with a community wh ich 
"generates its own motivations". 

Chinal Film Forum 
"If you want knowledge, you must take part in the 

practices of changing reality. If you want to know the 
taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating It 
yourseH .. . lf you want to know the theory and methods 
of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All 
genuine knowledge originates Ih direct experience." 

Mao Tse-tung, ... and if you want to know about 
China, come to the Chinal film forum this Thursday 
evening at 8:00 in the 20-2250 Auditorium. Sponsored 
jointly by the Committe on Concerned Asian Scholars, 
the China Studies program, and the Student 
Educational Change Center, it will include Edgar 
Snow's One Quarter of Humanity and the first West 
Coast screening of Dr. Joshua Horn's "",way With All 
Pests. 

Chinal few Americans realize how American their 
worldview of China is. One knows the Chinese ex-
perience by direct knowledge and then by firsthand 
accounts. Edgar Snow, William Hinton, Jan Mydral, 
Noam Chomsky, and Han Suyin have all presented 
first-hand reports that have been generally ignored. 
The Chinese aura is subtly pervading the country's 
consciousness: Nixon's sudden visit and recognition of 
the People's Republic, James Reston receiving an 
appendectomy with. .. acupuncture7, the Pentagon 
Papers implicating the CIA for the Tibetan crisis ... 

Edgar Snow first covered the Chinese Communist 
experience in 1936 when he lived in Venan, covering 
the rising organization of cadres and village life, 
interviewing Mao and Chou En-Iai over bridge games 
and on the front lines. On his re-visit to China, Snow 
documented his journey in color film the fruits of that 
revolution, its people, its leaders and the continuing 
re-visioning of the Cultural Revolution. His film deals 
with much of the daily interaction in China, and with 
the out of the ordinary matters to us, such as a filmed 
acupuncture operation. 

Joshua Horn is an English surgeon who has spent 
nineteen years working with Chinese doctors on 
bringing medical care within reach of the Republic's 
800,000,000. His book, Away With "",II Pests, .covers 
monumental undertakings that include the eradication 
of venereal disease and the eradication of 
schistosomiasis. This last disease that once infected 
almost a hundred million Chinese, is caused by a tiny 
snail that bores into the skin and resides in the liver and 
intestinal tract, re-breeding within and eventually 
weakening and killing the hosts. His movie is an 
exciting documentary on perhaps the best coordinated 
medical effort in the world today. 

Come and see for yourself the vision of China : Edgar 
Snow's One Quarter of Humanity and Joshua Horn's 
Away With All Pests, this Thursday, May 31st, at 8:00 
PM, on the Muir Campus, in the 20-2250 audirorium. 
Admission is $.75. 

SltILIE'(JrIEI() 
SIIlI()I[?T~ 

International Education This Week in Sacramento 
The San Dieg.o campus of the University of California will take on an international air 

June 1 through June 4 when 56 foreign scholars gather at the International Center to 
take part in the Far Western Conference on Higher Education. 

The gathering is one of three regional conferences to be held this year for foreign 
senior scholars who are studying in this country under the Fulbright-Hays Program. The 
conf renee is sponsored by the Committee on International Exchange of Persons which 
has backed similar conferences throughout the United States for many years with the 
assistance of a grant from thp Department of State. 

This will be the first time that such a conference has been held at UCSD. Chairman for 
the fou rt-day meeting is Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, Dean of Graduate Studies and 

Researc~ at UCSD. 
The foreign scholars, many of them traveling with their families, represent 22 nations 

rang irg from Afghanistan to Yugoslavia . The schola rs, most of them faculty members of 
college and universities in th ir home countries, are currently studying at universitites throu !~houl th United States. Two of the 56 have spent the past acad mic year on the 
UC D C8ff1fJU'. 

Th regional conferences were established several years ago to give the visting 
schol~r an opportunity 10 explore current problems of world-wide interest in th area 
of hiJ her education. Most of the scholars will return to educational and re earch 
activrtle in th ir home countries and have expressed a desire to meet with Americans 
and 01 r scholars from abroad to discuss issues of international concern. 

COri uls from the various countries represented by th scholars and who live in San 
Diegc. have b en invited to attend along with UCSD faculty members who will serve as 
hosts during the four -day conference. 

Part of th s hedul in ludes lunch at th Int rnational Center. The delegat swill 
onduct on-sill- visits and workshop at the various institutes and r sea rch cent rs on 

the campus in! luding th Scripp Institu tion of Oceanography and the School of 
M£'dicine. A buff t dinner, served at the International Cent r, will be followed by a 
program of ml ic by the Project for Musi Exp riment of the UCSD 0 partm nt of 
Music. 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, May 29, 1973 

Financial Aid 
The Nixon Administration is advocating expanding by $360 million the federal student 

Financial Aid Program, bringing the total financial support for the program to more 
than $1 .5 billion. While students leaders welcome the expansion of funds they are 
concerned because the proposal would end Economic Opportunity Grants and 
National Defense Student Loans. Education 

The Assembly Education Committee has passed three bills to increase state assistance 
to higher education. AB 950, authored by Assemblyman Fra nk Lanterman (R-Pasadena), 
would increase the number of sta te scholarships given by 3,500 to a total of 15,000 a 
year. AB 23 by Assemblyman Ken Maddy (R-Fresno) will provide $1 .2 million for a state 
funded work study program. 

The third bill, by Assemblyman Willie Brown, would provide $13 million to establish 
an Educational Opportunity Program to assist lower income students. The bills will next 
be heard in the Assembly Ways and Means Committee. 

Student Boast 
Students at the state universities and colleges will be able to take two-year leaves of 

absence and return without penalty under a resolution approved by the Board of 
Trustees' Committee on Education Policy. The measure, which is opposed by the 
student body presidents, will be taken up by the full board. 

Blackout Rationing . 
A new state commission that could ration electricity in case of brownouts and would 

control development of all existing and potential power energy sources has been 
proposed by Assemblyman Charles Warren (D-Los Angeles) With the support of 
Assembly Speak r Bob Moretti. 

Assemblyman Warren, chairman of th Ass mbly Subcommittee on Electrical Energy 
Policy, said California faces th prospe t of mass power brownouts within the next fou r 
to six years unless something is done to head off the problem. 

"This I gislCltive proposal is a major first st p to rationally manage energy resources, 
particularly electrical energy in California," Warren said. 

P.E. Cut 
The Assembly has voted to nd the physical education requirement for students at 

California's junior colleges. The measure, inHoduc d by Assemblyman Kenneth Cory 
(D-Gard n Grove), passed on a 42-23 vote. 

Community Meeting Plans Muir Committee Elections 
"Why did you com~r" on as is ... '" ... "but there is 7:00 p.m. in the Muir North ' was asked of the flty concern that the chunk of Dining Hall Advisory Committee (or proposals for projects on Campus Community 

t d t th d 
. University Center and the camp s (1 f h R I ' Ad . 

s u en ~ . at ~ttene Muir power would be welded The following is a list of CI u . rom eac e atlons visory Com-
Col!ege s fl~st Town Co~n- with complete student all the committees on uster Center Deve/op- college, two at large (one mittee - This committee is 
cll .or, Community knowledge." which students serve ment - Thi s group is co-chairman, A.S. Pres. , 2 responsible from the 
Meeting last Thursda I ' responsible for the grad students) . University in working with 

. h "S I . y Inc uded are descriptions development of the un- Bookstore 
nlg t.. o,~e" commlt~ee Consequently, the agen- w r itt e n by cur r en t iversity cluster center area . C A dvi so r y the com m u nit yin 
frustrations, to get In- da for next Thursday'S represent t' ommitlee - This com- developing a university led" " I a rves on a Within this area isastudent mittee acts in an advl'sory . I 
vo v ,p an a new type meeting will include a number of the committees d c=ommu nlty master pan. 
of useable go~ernment'> presentation by each com- and the n u m be r 0 i center, stu ent health capaci ty in the develop- Any policy expressing cam-
were. the vanous replies mittee member on his positions to be f'l lled. center, Internat ional ment of recommendations pus direction must be 

h f h N h f 
Center, Cluster Library and fo rope at' I' I d h h h ' 

ec.o.lOg rom t e ort unction and respon- Ad Hoc Beach Develop- r lona Im- cea re t roug t IS com-
Dining Commons sibilities thl's year, an elec- Mandeville Center for the provements and long mitJee before being 

ment Committee - The Arts . (2 at large). 
throu.ghout the 2Vl hour tion of members for those charge of this group is to Advisory Committee for r~nge goals·hThey are ad- presented to the com-mee~l~g, as student and positions on various com- prepare a master plan for U . mory to t e Bookstore munity (1 at large, 1 grad 
administrators both spoke miltees, and an overall the beaches ad ' nlversity Registration Manager who is then student) . 
out for their 'nd"d I ' Jacent to Fees - This committee is responsible to Auxiliary Campus Planning Com-

~ . ',V' ua foncentratlOn on the campus. The plan should primarily responsible for Enterprises and the Vice- mitlee - This is an ad-
concerns over ulr 5 pre- uture structure of next provide for recreational the disbursement of the Chancellor Busl'ness and 
sent ~~vernment. year's government. Also if uses that will protect the . . ministrative committee 

C?nglOal plans to ~Iect there are other individual experimental and other university registration fee. Fin a nee . The y h a v e responsible for all planning 
various campus co tt h They review all current generally served as a com- and building on the cam-

b f mml ee bonchns t ey will be scientific requirements. In programs which consist plaint board and sought pus. They review individual 
mem ers or ne~t year roug t up at that time. other words, not to mess primarily of student ser- the expansion of their 
gave way t~ worklOg out The meeting will begin at up Scripps' fish . (1 at large) vices and also hear f '1' I projects and long range 
the mechaniCS of the new IFr!!::::::::=====~=~~~~~!!·~!!!!!!!!!!~~~~~~~~a~c~1 ~'t~y~. ~(1~at~a~r;g;e~) .~!!!!!!!!!!!!~c~0!n~t~in!u!e!d~0!n~p;a~g~e~1~O~ 
open forum system, and 
discussing its goals to fulfill 
the need of change at Muir 
College. The forum, Muir 
College Council's alter-
native to the poor \toting 
turnout last year, was 
generally agreed to be a 
workable system, if the 
overall structure can be 
kep t flexible and easily 
accessi ble to both resident 
and commuting students. 
Plans for the community 
meeting to exist as a " new 
exchange of ideas" and a 
"res ponsible body" 
appeared feasible, as the 
Muir Council membbers, 
Provost Stewart, Dean Jim 
Beckley, and the other ' 
concerned students for-
mulated a structure for 
next weeks meeting. 
Thursday night's actual 
results included: (1.) A 
decision to vote by consen-
sus (2.) Direction for each 
newly elected com mittee 
member to attend the 
fo rums and present their 
prograss, (3.) Groundwork 
for a better publicity effort 
and outreach to interested 
students, (4.) Decision to 
elect a new chairman for 
each forum. Also an ala lysis 
of the Muir College Coun-
ci l by the council members 
presen t found them 
"will ing to step aside to a 
new alternative or be voted 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

FOTOMAT 
UNIVERSIn CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governol Drive at Genesee 
telephone 453·5753 

Hours: Monday·Flldey 10·7. Saturday 9·6, Sunday 'I ·~ 

SPECIAL PRE· DOLLAR 
DEVALUATIO ALE Ie 

1224" 
MANUFACTURER'S SUGGESTED 

LIST PRICE WAS .... . .. $309 95 
AN 0 NOW IS . .. .. ... .. $349.95 

Page 3 Tuesday, May 29,1973 Triton Times 



FEIFFER 
ro 1HB 1~[7ICTeD STAles 
OF A~eRICA-

WITH ~{EfRTY I~CffRATJVE - FOR ALL .. 

Creation Perspective 
Robert Williams and Jeff Morgan 

Many Creationists have been cowered 
by evolutionls <; and thei r scientif ic 
~rgument~. Toda y, however, there is a 
new mov\eml ' by Creationists to give 
physical evid fl ce for thei r point of view 
that God cre<Jted the universe. This new 
,lpproach has Jone little to qu II the 
century long ,('bat. On th con trary, 
there has been qUite a polariza t ion of 
opi nion in recpnt times. We have to 
wonder whprt , all these arguments are 
I('ading. A, "r r al ist would concur , no 
, 11(, will ever 1... (' able to prove either view 
!)eyond a shadow of a doubt. For eVp'1 if 
• ve were to find new fossil evidence in 
,upport of e"olution. it would never be 
cenain that God did not start the whole 
process at the beginning o f time. By the 
Sd me token, the creative power of God 
will n ver be able to be proven to a finite 
man as long as God remains infinite. And 
when God becomes computabl and 
equatable doesn't He cease to become 
God? 

What would J full knowledge of the 
crea l ion process reveal to us? Would it 
disprove the Bible, or would it only bring 
to lighl new interpretations of the text? 
rven now Ihpre are many Bible b lieving 

Christians evolutionists who see no com-
primise to their Christian faith. Though 
we do not nece ssarily promote a 
Christian-evolutionist synthesis, it is im-
portant to see that the pOSi tion does exist. 
This is possible b cause the Christian life 
is not dependant upon crcation. It is 
dependant upon a living and resurrected 
ChriSI , but pr%of of the Resu rr ction 
and proof of th e creationist theory can 
hardly be equatable. 

What is the rpa l iss ue behind thi s cen-
tury old struggle? Let u not forsake what 
vu r intellect has to give us, but let us not 
hide behind it. Are we merely involved in 
a d iscussion over sc ientific techn ique and 
evidence, or are we also dealing with an 
emotional issue? To the Christian, the 
Crea tion issue can hardly be considered 
as of life or death consequence. His daily 
relationship with God is not effected by 
how God made the universe . 
Nevertheless, man has found in thi s 
difference of opinion a way to avoid 
facing the question of God's reality . We 
must keep thi s discussion on the origin of 
man and the world in perspective, and 
fa p the question of God's rei vance in 
our everyday lives. 

.~ 
i 

. tri ton ti mes 
'ill bfo rl!~ "'f)' 1 ,..nl' rlOdrl .. r voir 'I@SeII-".l VU jr~ .. n·· 

Edilor in-Chief ..... Carny Sharick 
Cily b oiterr ... .... Carrie Ri key 
Mona"ing Editor . David BuchtJinder 
Copy .ditor .. Debbie MonlgomE'ry 
Busin, ss Manager M ichael Greene 
Editor al Director Mark Siegel 
Arts E iitor ..... . . Tom lindber~ 
Sporl! Ed itor . Michael Ralh 
Photor,r""hy frljlor M4lcoJm Sm ilh 
Sd,,", " Id ito r . . . Larry 11111 

~crP'dr" Corinne Cacas 
A<slst. nj Cily Editor .. Kathy Kuen7i 
",ssoc at City Editors . Richard Drom 

Assl. tou';ness Mg •. 
A,,1. ! p'lrts Editor 

M,chdcl e , ma 
"II hacl Wy er 

Mark llska 

News Oep~rtmenl 
I<ar('n Armirase 
Hannah Coh~n 
e,eR Hicks 
Greg Moser 
T,m O'N"I 
Don Makf' f 
leE" Burr 
laura xudde r 
Sport D'pa.lmenl 
Cheryl Elilon 
lohn lclevlN 
Dave Ph,llops 
Pa l Slacy 
Doug ~ean.n 
Arli Deparlm~n' 
Llpn Gen lle 

hart", Hyde 
Greg leona rd 
KrI \ lln(' Michel 
Hank Slrlman 
ChMiel Unkel" " 
Brandon Wander 

Copy Re.d ... 
Koren Gli k 
Sorb.,a Rand.1I 
Artists 
Corky M. Cae., 
PholO1llrophy 
Oaryl AmSler 
Joe £i'Hern 
George Fi~ ht"r 
Sieve Harper 
Nhkp Sesma 
Production 
Jim Chorle~ 
Chilrlip HClmler 
Jane' Kleinkaul 
Brooke ,orrcn 
DaVId Marcus 
Andy Rogers 
Mlr-ha I S sma 

Busin~u D~pa'lmtn' 
arr ol Bowden 
N~n y ManCinO 
Donna Yam~mOlo 

Thp TRIION TlMrS I, offidally r.,<osnized as a studenl ne .. , pap.r by th. Communka· 
lion Soud of the lJn;y~rsily.,f a lifo rni., Siln Dieso, 8uildins. 250, Millilhews Campu"" u 
loll., Calilnrnl. 91037. Publiu Uon i, I .. i( .... .,kly on Tu~day, and f riday •. 0111<0. ar. 
lC)C"ated in Room 117, Blilltr Hall, Rewf'lIe C.mpus. for advt!rlilins phone 453-1121, or 
451-1000, X 1017; for rdilorlal or news phone X 10t6. Opinions e1pfessed in Ad"f:r. 
list"menli .ife thOl~ o t the .d"e,tis~r .. nd do not ne£HUtUy reflHI the opinion of Ihf 
TRI rON rtMU. 

Typescllinll by fororype 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, May 29, 1973 
, I. , ••• J , \ ' 1' 

I, . , . 
" 

, . 

Curriculum Revisions: 
Where Are The Students? 

Leelle Andereon and Murray Francy 

Where are the students of Revelle? 
Fundamental curriculum revisions are un-
der way within the college, and who is 
doing the revising? It's the Faculty and the 
Administration , unfettered by con-
siderations of the student's point of view. 
Ask a faculty member which way his vote 
w ill go on the Humanities Sequence revi-
sion ballot. The most likely response is the 
" Way of the Wastebasket." If we're lucky, 
that is, because those that do vote, 
generally have no way of knowing what 
the students think about the Humanities 
Sequence. The AS was t erminated 
because no representation is better than 
misrepresentation, but that means that 
each of us must keep our own eye on 
what's happening. 

Speci fically, a few members of the 
Humanities department s are tired of 
teaching out of their disciplines in a mish-
mash sequence that pleases no one, and 
teaches very few. Their solution is to at 
least partially cut out the the inter-
disciplinary sequence and let the students 
do a mish-mash sequence of their own 
design. But wait , what was the purpose of 
the original Humaniti s Sequence? For 
that matter, what is the pu rpose of all the 
sequences that make up the formidable 
lower division requirements of Revelle 

College? The idea was to produce the all-
round student, the Neo-Renaissance man. 
Not a bad idea, if it could be done. It 
certainly is not done by cramming all sorts 
of diverse information into the student's 
every orifice. Yet this is what the present 
revisions propose. By keeping the same 
number of course requirements but 
slightly diverSifying the options, the the 
student doesn't get training in the basic 
skills essential for further study in any 
discipline. The All-Round student for 
which Revelle is organized, is one who is 
able to teach himself in any field. The 
purpose of these lower division re-
quirements, then, is to teach the student 
how to read and write efficiQntly, how to 
analyse and criticize and finally to have an 
appreciation and awareness of disciplines 
outside the area of study he may even· 
tually pursue. 

The so lution to the present difficulties 
with the Revell e curriculum is not to 
abandon the Revelle idea and return to an 
unintegrated self-service curriculum, but 
to reorganize the courses with in the pre-
sent sequences. It is possible to have a 
wellorganized curriculum that produces 
well-trained as well as creat ive students. 
That should be our goal. 

The Good Americans 
Steve Nelnblatt 

In the aftermath of the My-Lai massacre 
one ca n only wonder how r eady 
Americans are to be "good Germans". In 
the june issue of 1972, Psychology Today 
printed the results of a survey relating to 
th events at My-Lai. The respondants 
listed in the survey 8989 in all-were selec-
tively chosen with the intention of 
questioning a representative sampling of 
the American populous. The answers 
offered by the respondants cause me 
much alarm and confusion. 

In 1945, General Tomoyuki Yamashita 
was tried and executed on charges that 
men under him had committed war 
crimes. His defense was that he did not 
ord r nor have any knowledge of the 
events ca rri ed out by inferior officers. In 
1972, 989 Ameri ca ns were asked if 
Yamashita should have been convicted 
for war crimes he did not order. The same 
989 Americans were asked if American 
generals should be convicted for war 
rimes they did not com mi t. 26 percen t of 

th e respo nd ants would convict the 
japanese officer whereas, only 22 percent 
would convict the American officer. 45 
percent would not convict th e japanese 
officer and 62 percent would definitely 
not convict the America n. The interesting 
and most revealing aspect of the question 
are the percentages who idd did not 
know whether these men should have 
been convicted. 30 percent did not know 
whether the japanese should be con-
victed and only 14 percent d id not know 
in the case of the American generals. The 
16 percent difference went from not 
knowing in the case of the Japanese to a 
def inite no in the case of the Ameri can. 

When asked if Germans should have 
been convicted at Nuremburg for war 
crimes ordered by superiors, 39 percen t 
said they should have been convicted. 
When asked the same question only sub-
situting American for German, only 29 
percent were willing to convict Americans 
who had committed war crimes ordered 
by sup riars. 

It i apparent that America ns are far 
more willing to convict Germans and 
Japanese for committ ing cri mes again t 
humanity, than to convict Am~ricans . I 
find this idea frightening . If a majority of 
Ameri cans think tha t America ns co mmit-
ting war crimes should b x Iud d from 
ob ying interna tional law stablished at 
Nuremburg in 1946, the on ly forc 
working to pr v nt such a tions is th 
p rsonal moral cod of an individual. 

Th .hope of personal morality preven-
ting such occu renc ar slim in vi w of 
th following statisti s. Only 17 p r nt of 
th r pondants maintained that Calleys' 

actions were a violation of morality. 17 
percent of all America, maintaining that 
killing unarmed men, woman and 
children is immoral is not a very im-
press ive or encouraging statis tic. Probably 
alma t 17 P rcent o f all American's 
felt that the ' Nazi indiscriminate 
killing of jews was immora l, what good 
did they do? 

When asked what most people would 
do if ordered to shoot all inhabitants of a 
Viet names village, 67 percent fel t that 
most Americans would follow orders. 
Onl y 19 percent felt that most would 
refuse to obey orders. When asked what 
they personally would do, 51 percent said 
th ey would follow orders and shoot, only 
33 percent said that they would refuse to 
shoot. I would argue that a large part of 
the 33 percent who stated they would not 
obey orders, would be right along side of 
Call ey shooting those I)abies. It is easy for 
an individual to say he would not shoot 
when he is speaking with a man in a suit 
wi th a pencil in hi s hand. If that man had a 
ma hine gun in his hand, you just 
watched him shoot fifty people, and he 
said he would fill you full of holes if you 

. did not obey, you would be more apt to 
obey than not. M any veterans of the 
events at M y-La i have sworn that Calley 
threatened to shoot them if they did not 
follow orders. Only one out of the hun-
dreds who were at My-Lai that day has 
said that he put down his gun and walked 
away wh en threatened by Calley. Calley 
did not $hoot. Th e other interesting con-
clusion that can be drawn from these 
statistics is the willingness of individuals to 
say other people would do immoral 
things, but they perso nally would not . 

In terms of rights and wrongs, 56 per-
cent of the respondants felt that Calley's 
act ions were si milar to the bombing raids 
on the North. Despite the fact that a 
majority of Americans-assuming that the 
respondants indeed are a representative 
sampling-feel that Calleys' actions and the 
bombings are similar, the bombings con-
tinue, they conti nue with popular sup-
port , they contin ue under the label 
" Peace With Honor ." From this on can 
on ly conclude that Americans feel that 
My-Lai was also honorabl . 

If less than one out of five felt that 
all y , actions w re immoral, if more 

than half of Ameri as' population admit 
they would have shot those civilians, if 
over half vi w our mombing raids as 
similar to th ev nts at My-Lai, one can 
only wond r how far Americans are from 
committing any violen e authorlti s say is 
nec ary. 

• rn'tI · .. 1!:!l:I!_1 Ill!l!. • f ... ' n l It. I .11 I :"., .11,' 

What Is A Triton? 
Editor: 

Triton : (1) Any of a ~ genus of marine gastropods 
having many gills and a trumpet-shaped shell (2) In 
Greek mythology, a son of Pos~iden with a man's head 
and upper body and dolphin's tail (3) A merman (4) The 
nucleus of a tritium atom. 

Obviously, the Tritons of UCSD are named after 
definition (4) . 

Robert Suenye 

Charges of Vandalism 
Ignoring the Issues 

To Editors, Triton TImes: 
In the United States laws 

are designed to protect the 
" freedoms" of the majority 
co mm unity . When the 
minorities try to express or 
use these freedoms they 
are violently suppressed 
When normal means of ex-
pression such as signs on 
Urey Hall are removed by 
reactionary students, ad-
ministration or staff, then 
expression through other 
means become necessary. 

The letters you have 
received are all perfect ex-
amples of the middle class 
bourgeoisie mentality that 
I mentioned in my first 
letter. 

'NOW YOU KNOW WHY I NEVIR WATCH TV-ALL THEY GIVE US IS CRIME PROGRAMSI' 

They are people who 
have never been op -
pressed or subjugated 
because of their race or 
origin . 

Can We 
Condone the 
Horrors of 
Vietnam? 

These standards are 
applicable to society as a 
who le . The actions of 
Ricardo Chavez Ortiz are 
easily justifiable when one 
looks at the acts of sup-
press ion and Neo-
Colonization used by so 
ca lled authori ties against 
minorities today. 

People who have no 
commitment except to 
their egotistical self. The 
only reason they took time 
out to answer my letters is 
because they feel their 
niche threatened. They are 
nothing more than a group 
of bleeding heart white 
liberals afraid of i nvolve-
ment or a deep commit-
ment. 

Editor: 
If the result of every 

Kev in Olson outburst of 
unsubstantiated diatribe 
were letters such as Le 
Cong Phung's in the May 
22 n, I would encourage 
him to write more. The 
reply was a clear and suc-
cinct statement of the il-
legal and inhuman aspects 
of U.S. presence in Viet-

Nestor Pu 
"BQYCOTT SAFEWAY" , 

Sisters Share A Ride 
A UCSD Women'e Collective 

Between 1960 and 1970 in the U.S. the 
crime of rape increase 124% (F .B.1. 
Unifo rm Crime Report, 1970-1971). In 
light of that evidence the time has come 
for women to act against such brutality. As 
part of the many fronts now emerging in 
this battle, a group of women is 
organizing a ca mpaign to encourage 
women who must hitch-hike to ride only 
with other women . It is felt that this 
greatly lessens the chances of any kind of 
physical danger to women hitch -h ikers, 
and of course, eliminates the chances of 
them being raped. 

The aid of schools, churches, and other ' 
comm unity organizations has been 
enlisted to relay the message to all poten-
tial women hitch-hikers and, equally im-
portant , to inform women drivers of the 
importance of their role in alleviating the 
problem of rape. Bumper stickers which 
say, "Sisters Share a Ride" are being 
distributed to women around the county. 
One point of distribution is the Women's 
Store, 4157 Adams Avenue. 

The campaign was stimulated by recent 
~apes and murders of h itch-hiking women 
In the cou nty which point to the obvious 
necessity of taking measures to prevent 
these sorts of crimes in the future. A 
special urgency for the campaign rest of 

th ~ f~ct that summer is approaching and 
bnngtng an influx of people to the area 
who have no set means of transportation 

and are dependent of hitch -hiking to 
move around the city. Also students are 
not in school and many of them hitch-
hike. Such conditions make women 
among these groups vulnerable to assault. 

Women have traditionally responded to 
th fear of rape by denying themselves 
the freedom to move about. However, 
now that women are demanding the right 
to determine their own existence, alter-
native solutions to self protection are 
absolutely necess ry. 

In addition to sharing rides with 
women, other steps can be taken to lessen 
general transportat ion and hitch-hiking 
problems. Pressure for comprehensive 
bus systems can be directed toward city 
officials. Car pools can be organized and 
hitch-hiking in pairs can be initiated. This 
will also help problems of pollution and 
high gas costs. Skills in self-defense can be 
learned and are offered at low rates 
throughout the area. If women are raped, 
they should' contact a Rape Crisis Center 
which is being formed through the 
Women's Studies Dept. at San Diego State 
College. Contact with them will offer 
support and advice for a possible course 
of action . 

These steps are all necessary but at-
tainable only in the future. For now, 
sharing rides with sisters is an effective , 
simple, and immediate solution to a 
potential problem for women. 

"The best shakes In town" 
Rick. delect.ble a •• ket .nd 

PI.t. Menu. offer 
8 .... FI.h. Fowl •• nd e.en 
limited Me.lc.n V., ...... 

.BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGETI 

Made The Old-Fashioned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDA!!S Mede with R .. , Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze & Burger Kitchen 
5504la Jolla Blvd. 459-1877 

(Famll'y-owned & OI*8ted) 

nam, and was one of the 
best pieces of writing I 
have read in the TT . 
Perhaps if more of us at 
UCSD were fa ced with the 
possibility of living in the 
devastation we condone by 
our passivity , we would 
find Vietnam worthy of 
more than occ asional 
thought, protest or letter to 
an editor. That is the horror 
of Mr. Olson's writing; as a 
Monday morning general 
he feels righteous in deter-
mining the lives and deaths 
of people he never has 
(and probably never will) 
seen, by means (bombing) 
he has obviously never ex-
perienced, and for an end 
that is refuted by anyone 
who has to live with it. 

Robert Brieca 
Muir 

Activism Has 
Not Died ... 
Dear Triton Times, 

We read with some 
amusement in last Friday's 
issue the advertisement 
which began with "the ac-
tivism of the sixties has 
died." It made f urther 
statements which we 
would like to take the op-
portunity here to 
repudiate. 

The student movement is 
not dead by anymeans. 
This is true not only in the 
case of UCSD, but the rest 
of the country as well . If 
fact, student radicalism is 
on the increase. This is 
evidence by the growth in 
the number of student 
organizations on cam-
puses, and the parallel ex-
pansion of the alternative 
press. 

Earlier th is year, at the 
Southern University in 
louisiana , two Bl ack 
brothers were murdered 
by police during a student 
demonstration for needed 
changes on that campus. 
On this campus, UCSD 
Bla ck students held a 
moratorium in their 
memory. The incident, so 
recently occurred, makes 
us quest ion the validity of 
the statement found in the 
ad as to the decrease in 
violence in recent years 
due to the student move-
ment. We would also re-
mind the reader that the 
S.U. demonstration sur-
rounded student as well as 

, Black issues, and must be 
seen as an active move on 
the part of the student 
movement in this country 
as well as the continuing 
Black struggle . 

We r;an also find 

evidence on our own cam-
pus to negate the state-
ment of the death of ac-
t ivism. Since last May, 
radical activity has been 
growing . You ma y 
remember the hundreds of 
UCSD students who 
protested the Nixon 
ordered bomb ing of 
Haiphong harbo. , and the 
number of rallies and 
demonstrations that were 
held . A group of students 
even went so far as to walk , 
with a banner denouncing 
the move, from Muir cam-
pus to Horton Plaza in 
downtown San Diego . 
There , these students 
joined 8,000 people, a great 
majo ri ty students from sur-
rounding campuses, and 
went to the San Diego City 
Council chambers, where 
they demanded that the 
Council take an open posi -
t ion condemning the In-
do c hinese War . The 
resolut ion which wa sub-
mitted to accompl ish this 
move almost passed with a 
4 to 5 vote by Counci l 
members. 

At UCSD, from that poi r 
on , one issue after anothe, 
has been brought to stu-
dent atten tion 
throughrallies, teach-i ns, 

Continued on P~.10 

Get Ready For Summer 
Beach and.Summer Sportswear 

by 
• Hang-Ten • Nifty • Laguna • Sundeck 

Bikinis and Men 's Trunks 

Tennis Equipment" Tennis Wear 
• Head • Cragin 

~mrnillD.tID,m~ t" HORN. LIND IT. PACifiC alACH CALIfORNIA 270-.10 
10-7 Mon.-'rI. 10-2 .. t. 

Page 5 Tuesday, May 29, 1973 Triton Times 



Downtown 
Discount 

Prices Now 
In LaJolla 

Enjoy local, personal 
service for all 

your camera needs. 

Bob Davis 
Camera Shop 

"A Specialist in 
Canon Systems" 

7717 Fay 
459-7355 

• 

NOW PLAYINOI ON THE .'0 lellUNI ONI WEEK ONLYI 

ROXY THEATRE 
J. LEWIS CINEMA 
J. LEWIS CINEMA 
CARLSBAD HI.~ SeIIool 

4642 CASS ST .. PACIFIC BEACH 
PH. 488·3303 

9620 CAMINO RO .• SPRING VALLEY 
PH. 460·978' 

475 5th ST .• CHULA VISTA 
PH. 422·5287 

3557 MONROE. CARLSBAD 

sc ..... n-. 7:101 t:30 (e_ l:1CIl "OM .. IION -12.10 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, May 29,1973 

Psycho Sources 
"PsychoSources is an access device for the field of 

psychology. It recognizes psychology and psy-
chotherapy as both arts and sciences, and it emphasizes 
that psychological analysis Is the joint province of 
philosphers, scientists, artists, mystics, poets, patients, 
film-makers, novelists, therapists and social critics. It 
examines the social, significance of psychological 
theory and practice, and the political significance of 
the individual's own consciousness. PssychoSources is 
not definitive; it is a montage of starting places and 
controversies. It is not intended to obviate the need to 
read the books themselves, to see the films, or to 
pursue the particular lines of thought. It is intended 
rather to . stimulate those needs." 

This definition introduces the latest product of the 
CRM corporation, responsible for numerous textbooks 
and such magazines as Psychology Today and Intellec-
tual Digest, and in brief but adequate terms it sets the 
limits and limitlessness of this catalogue for research. 
Based almost to the letter on the Whole Earth 
Calalogue in form, PsychoSources is a psychological 
yellow pages-with listings of hotlines, schools for 
humanistic psychology, growth centers, film sources 
and readings in the field. It analyses the several therapy 
styles, mattching readings with the styles, a.nd 
organizing the reading into' topics such as Identity, . 
learning, Roles, Culture and Commuf\ications . 
Whenever possible, the editors use direct quotes from ' 
the principals Spider Man speaks on adolescence, 
Freud on psychoanalysis (and women), R.D. laing on 
schizophrenic knots, Mental patients speak, paint of 
write for themselves in their own handwriting. 

Edited by Evelyn Shapiro and compiled by Barry 
Shapiro, the 224-page catalogue is an invaluable 
reference for study and writing in the field of psy-
chology, a must for the demands of final papers and 
exams. PsychoSources was designed by Tom Suzuki, 
Dugald Stermer and Barry Shapiro and is generously 
illustrated with line drawings, photographs, collages 
and other graph ics. It is available now for $5 at the 
campus bookstore and other outlets. 

Pssst! 
cpb 

presents 

An Outdoor 
Rock Concert 

Come And Enjoy An 
Afternoon Of Music 

4 Bands! 
Saturday, June 2nd 

Behind H.L. On 
Grass Knoll 

FREE! 

Peckinpah Rolls 
1 He was known as "EI Jefe" 

(the Chief) on the Mexican 
location for filming. Playboy 
Magazine dubbed him the 

I "Picasso of Violence;" critics have called him a genius. 
Dustin Hoffman said, "It's 
ironic that he's alive now ... a 
gunfighter in an age when 
we're flying to the moon." 
And Steve Mcqueen was so 
impressed he made two films 
with him in a row. 

"He" is Sam Pecklnpah, 
commercially and critically 
just about the most in-
teresting, exciting and con-
troversial American filmmaker 
working today. And he has 
just finished doing what he 
likes best, shooting a western, 
his first In four years, "Pat 
Garrett and Billy the Kid," for 
Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer, 
starring James Coburn , Kris 
Kristofferson, and Bob Dylan. 

The film, which Gordon 
Carroll produced from an 
original screen play by Rudy 
Wurlitzer for MGM, is one 
that Peckinpah was particular-
ly pleased to direct. It is th l! 
actionfilled story of an ex-
outlaw, Pat Garrett, and his 
hunt for the escaped Billy the 
Kid across the American 
southwest at a time when the 
West as these men knew It was 
rapidly changing to make way 
for the Money Men from the 
East, in effect, for the Twen-
tieth Century; a theme the 
director has tackled before. 

On location, seated in a 

beautiful handcrafted miles outside of Durango, 
and wood director 's Mexico. 
wearing a straw hat, The motion picture acting 
around sunglasses debut of Bob Dylan in MGM's 
beginnings of a beard, "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid" 
pah seemed magnetiC may prove as significant a 
terrible controversial. Screen event as, when, in 
and engrossed, he 1930, the same film company 
scrutinized his crew hera lded that 'Garbo Talks' in 
a shot in which the film "Anna Christie." 
played by Kris After appearing in three 
the folksinger and film documentaries, "Don't look 
is to rustle some steer. Back," "Eat the Document" 
satisfied that eVI!rvthinll l • and " The Concert for 
der control he Bangladesh ," his decidion to 
himself a moment to play the role of Alias in "Pat 
discuss his work. Garrett and Billy the Kid" is 

"This film smells both a newsworthy event and 
said. "I like the o~e of some cultural import. 
the actors are It IS also one that raises a lot of 
the parts . Kris questions . ("Will Dylan pur-
Bonney come sue an acting career? Return 
Coburn is so into to performing? Abandon 
beginning to think he so n~writi ng? Why is he ex-
Garrett." posing himself to a new 

This kink of p.ublic7 Does he want to 
and commitment are dlrectL"), but because Bob 
things that con Dylan is Bob Dylan many of 
though, of cou th ese must go unanswered 
many other Pec and one must be content with 
"Pat Garrett and Bil what can be observed on the 
includes some Set and ultimately on the 
violent sequences Screen. 
highly original and i ~n the film Dylan appears as 
Peckinpah style. But Alias , a young westerner who 
only part of the whole works for the newspaper In 
and individual pi the town of lincoln who lights 
creates. Certainly, Out after Billy the Kid when he 
atmosphere that sees the notorious outlaw es-
location It was as if ca pe from the County 
actually on the Courthouse jail. He then rides 
cactus-filled w.ith him and his gang until 
the New Mexican Billy is finally gunned down by 
the 1880's and nol Pat Garrett . It is, In a sense, a 

tailor made role for Dylan 
because Alias is something of 
an enigma. 

"1 first wrote the role of 
Billy with Bob in mind," says 
Rudy Wuriltzer, the novelist 
and screenwriter who penned 
the scripl, "but as my concep-
tion of the character changed 
I thought of Dylan more as 
Alias. Alias is an observer. He, 
more than anyone else in the 
film, is aware of Billy's 
legend." 

An admirer of Wurlitzer's 
novels and a friend of Kris 
Kristofferson who plays Billy, 
Dylan flew to Durango, Mex-
ico before the start of produc-
tion too meet with direCTor 
Peckinpah, producer Gordon 
Carroll and the cast. He also 
wanted to look around. And 
he liked what he saw. He 
wrote a song about Billy 
which will be included in the 
film and returned to Durango 
a few weeks later with his wife 
Sarah, five children and the 
family dog, ready to work. He 
enthUSiastically threw himself 
into his two new roles: that of 
an actor, and of Alias. He 
learned to ride, rope, helped 
assemble his wardrobe , 
learned his lines and began 
working some days later in a 
scene in which he and Billy, 
out 10 rustle steers, become 
diverted by wild turkeys only 
to return to the cows to dis-
cover that one of the ir gang 
had been killed . In the rushes 
he looked like a natural, as if 
he had been mak ing films 
forever. 

When the cameras were 
turning, Peckinpah's attention 
was completely directed to 
what was going on revealing 
not only a sure knowledge of 
his craft but also of his subject. 
Reaching a snag he thinks 
quietl y and qu ickly solves the 

problem of some cows who 
refuse to go in the right direc-
tion. 

"Feed 'em hay on that spot 
for a few minutes," he would 
instruct a wrangler . "Then 
chase 'em away. When the 
cameras roll they'll go back to 
it. " 

Th is intuitive understanding 
is a part of Peckinpah 's past. 
He was raised on a ranch in 
San Joaquin Valley, 
des ce nd ed from pioneer 
stock . 

"My earliesi memory is of 
being strapped in the saddle 

. when I was two for a ride up 
in the h igh cou ntry," he ex-
plained . "We were always 
close to the mounta ins. 
Always going back to them." 
He looks wistfully around at 
the Mexican landscape. "It's 
mostly all gone now. Fresno's 
like a little l.A., and the cou n-
try around it is chopped up 
with new roads and resort 
faci li ties ." 

And so rather than an ex-
plosive man of violence, Sam 
Pe ckinpah is a se rious 
craftsman and art ist whose 
success lies in his ability to 
recreate on film a time and 
place that are long gone. But 
he himself might disavow this. 

"When you're do ing a 
period p icture, the period 
matters less than what the 
thing is about . I don't mean 
one should be slack or 
anachro nistic but one should 
concentrate on the 
characters. I become all the 
characters in the films I do 
and so do the actors, like I 
said about Coburn and Kris. 
And when the characters 
you've got are Pat Garrett and 
Billy the Kid, well, it seems 
like you 've got it made." He 
smiles broadly. " like I say. 
This one smell s good ." 

Summer Shakespeare 
A repertory of three diverse dramas from the works 

created by William Shakespeare will be presented this 
summer at San Diego's Old Globe Theatre. 

R~creating the brilliance, excitement and splendor 
of sixteenth century England, the San Diego National 

Sha~edpeare Festi.v~1 is performed in a funct ioning 
replica of the orrglnal Globe Playhouse in London 
where Shakespeare's plays were originally performed. 

The trio of plays produced this season during the 
twenty-fourth Festival at the Old Globe Theatre will 
open June 5 and continue through September 16. 
Producing Director of the Old Globe Theatre is Craig 
Noel. 

Inaugurating the summer Festival on June 5 will be 
the romance and drama of "The Merchant of Venice." 
As conceived by director Eric Christmas, the popular 
play is being designed and staged "in a free interpreta-
tion influenced by the manners and mores of the early 
Italian Renaissance." The famed confrontation 
between the money lender Shylock opposed by the 
Venetian establishment creates some of the finest 
moments in all of world drama. During the past two 
summers, director Christmas has staged "Love's 
labour lost" and "A Midsummer Night 's Dream." 
Costumes have been designed by Douglas Russell with 
the setting designed by ART DIRECTOR Peggy 
Kellner. 

Utilizing the Shakespearean text , director Allen 
Fletcher and composer Conrad Susa have created a 
musical comedy of "Two Gentlemen of Verona." 
Costumed in the late seventeenth century in a fanciful 
commedia del arte style by Edguard Johnson, the plot 
revolved around the romantic complications involving 
two pairs of young lovers. To open on June 8, romantic 
rivalry, disguises, parental d isavowal and betrayed 
friend ships provide comedy elements in "Two 
Gentlemen of Verona." 

The repertory of productions will be completed this 
season with "Ki ng Lear." The great tragedy will open 
July 10 under the direction of Edward Payson Call. lear, 
the aging medieval English monarch, divided his 
kingdom between three daughter the size of each 
portion to be determined by proof of affection by each 
daughter for their father. Call directed the tragedy 
"King Richard III" last summer for the Old Globe 
Theatre. Miss Kellner will design the costumes for 
" King Lear." 

We Believe the BEST 
$2~ System anywhere! 

- ADC- CROWN 
• DUAL. DYNACO 

- GARRARD 
- GRADO 
JANSZEN 

(electrostatic) 
• KOSS - MARANTZ 

• MAXELL 
- MIRACORD 

• PHASE LINEAR 
- PHILIPS 

- QUINTESSENCE 
IT TOOK US 2 YEARS TO SPECIAL 

• RABCO· REVOX 
- SENNHEISER PUT TOGETHER A SYSTEM AT THE WE COULD REALLY RECOMMEND 1l0UND co. 

IN THIS PRICE RANGE $20995 TOTAL LIST $336.70 
You must heor it to be lieve it! 

- SHURE - SONY 
- TANDBERG 

HOURS: 
MON.-FRio 12-9 

SAT. 10-5 

SUN. 12-5 
(Coilll,SIGn) 

The besl selection 
of top qUllity 
nlme brand . 

slereo components 
In San Diego 

Iiong with the 
lowest priCBS 

non -collmlssloned 
nlBS.ln wIIo 
~re thtn to help. 
not prasun you. 

TRY AND BEAT THIS FOR $300°0 
-=-=--

• • 
nUU.~.~~" 

The SHERWOOD 5-7050 Receiver is the most 
powerful in its price class with unsurpassed FM 
Stereo section. The top-rated ADC-303AX's are 
one of the most natural speaker systems 
around. GARRARD'S 408 turntable when 
coupled with GRADO'S F.C.R. cartridge will re -
produce all your records have to offer at 
only 2 grams of pressure. . 

Retail list Price .. . $461 .35 $31995 
SPECIAL AT THE SOUND CO. 

Total Aural Orgal m 
SOUND COMPANY LUCK, BUYING POWER AND CORPORATE 
BELLIGERANCE HAS ENABLED US TO BRING YOU THE BEST 
SUPER-SYSTEM VALUE IN THE WORLD. 

MIRACORD 
620U 

NIKKO 
1101 

Retail $81865 
List Price 

COLLEGE STORE 
4701 Colle.e Ave. 

1 ILK. NO. OF EL CAJON BLVD. 
582"'48 

(LAIREMONT STORE 
4211 (0"90, St. 

1 ILl. So. Of IALIOA 
565-77" . 

The Janszen electrostatics are un-
believable, they have the flatests 
frequency response and lowest 
amount of distortion of speakers 
costing 3 times as much . The NIKKO 
1101 space receiver has superb FM, 
a strong amplifier and great control 
flexibility. The Mlracord 620U turn-
table Is exemplary West German 
quality. Included Is a shure M91ED 
hi-track elliptical cartridge. A true 
blow your wad system. 

Speclll It the $499951 
Sound Co. • 

Page 7 Tuesday, May 29,1973 Triton Times 



SPORTS 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff employees Credit U~ion 

!t!ts!t ... 1/1'.0 '''''' , Ian 0,_,_ t2110 ,..., .. "11.31 
tl'l Colle,_ A .... f'lw. I, .. 0 ••• _ " III ~~ '''.''0 
".llrM1w.C.mjKK'O 11 'I. L.JoH.UO ... I-~ ... t]~to 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, May 29,1973 

Effective now. until close of business June 30. 
1973. your University & State Employees Credit 

Union will offer a new low financing charge of 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks. 

and used vehicles up to four years old. We believe 
thiS new low rate combined with our loan pro· 

tectlon insurance, provided without extra charge. 
is the lowest auto financing package offered in 

the San Diego area. Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price. including tax 

and license. with terms to 36 months. Take 
advantage of this new low financing rate before 

it ends June 30. 1973. 

Photos: Smith' 

Most of us are accustomed to using the word "sports" to 
describe only organized activities regulated by traditional 
rules. We think of baseball, football, the Padres or the 
Chargers when we think of sports. The oldest and most 
sacred sport is man against nature - it is admirable 

prep~ration for the most Important sport of all - lIVing. 

SCUBA LESSO'NS' 
$4500 PERSON 
56000 COUPLE 

(boy-girl) 

ALL EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECrURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA· DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

Jerry Applebaum Speaks on Government and the Media 
TI.O· ... I 

Jerry Applebaum, former writer for the 
L.A. FREE PRESS, was convicted for prin-
ting a list of undercover agents of the 
Federal Bureau Narcotics, in August of 
1969. He was sentenced 1 to 10 years in 
the State Prison and $5,000 in fines. 

Recently, the state supreme court un-
animously ruled to overturn Applebaum's 
conviction. Now released, Applebaum is 
currently the editor of Alternate Feature 
Service. 

The following is part of an interview 
that Applebaum held for KSDT radio 
station, on his visit here May 16. 

KSDT:Could you give a summary of 
what happened in regards to you r arrest? 

Applebaum: I was approached by a man 
from the Attorney General's Office. He 
waid that he had some papers that might 
be of interest to me. One was a report 
about corruption in the UCLA Police 
Force. The other was a roster of names, 
addresses, and phone numbers of the 
State Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement 
Officers. I printed one, the one on 
UCLA's corrupt police force. About a 
week later, I printed the other one to 
accompany an editorial on "Why the 
need of Secret Police~" Two weeks later 
we were charged to appear before the 
L.A. Judicial Court. 

KSDT: Wha t was your circulation 
numbers at that time? 

Applebaum: About 19 or 20 thousand. 
KSDT: What was the reaction to the 

articles? 
Applebaum: Attorney General O'Brian 

and most everyone was pretty upset with 
the printing of the first article. They said 
that it was true about the corruption, but 
that they were investigating it. They also 
said that they hadn't wanted it published 
so soon, as it would hurt the chances of 
the officers getting a fair trial. On the 
second article, there was a lot of heated 
criticism. Almost all the papers were run-
ning editorials against our actions, only 
the underground papers were supporting 
us. A good example was the L.A .TIMES. 
They refused ' to run a word of the facts, 
and they did everything they could to 

. ensure that we would not get a fair trial. 
They misrepresented the testimonies in 
their editorials, and they left ommissions 
out so as to make it sound by the 
omissions that we were wrong. This gave a 
lot of people a distorted viewpoint. Six 
weeks after the trial though, the TIMES 
realized that it had made a mistake. So it 
ran a full page editorial saying that our 
conviction was a great threat to the 
freedom of the press. 

KSDT:What exactly were you indicted 
for? 

Applebaum : One account was for 
receiving stolen property. The other was a 
junction saying that we could not publish 
anything that came from the Attorney 

General's Office, unless it was a handout. 
That meant that we cou ldn't publish a 
thing unless the Attorney General ap-
proved it. That was a violation of our 
freedom of the press. 

KSDT: Was there anything unusual 
about the trial? 

Applebaum: Yes, the Attorney General 
did the prosecuting as compared to the 
regular state prosecutor. 

KSDT: How many were indited? 
Applebaum: Three: Art Conklin, Jerry 

Resin, and myself. . 
KSDT : Why do you think that the State 

Supreme Court overturned your case and 
conviction? 

Applebaum: It was not for the con-
stitutional reasons of the case, but they 
overruled the case on this very technical 
grounds charge. The technicality was that 
the jury wasn's given proper testimony 
that I knew the documents were stolen. It 
is the same type of little technical charges 
they had to throw the Pentagon Papers 
out of the courts with . 

KSDT:What ever happened about the 
UCLA easel 

Applebaum : They fired some of them 
but most of the officers were reshuffled to 
other UC campuses. In fact, one of them 
was sent down here, but I don't know if 
he's still around. 

KSDT: About how many of the UCLA 

Police Officers were involved? 

Applebaum: Six or s ven, plus the 
chief, who never got fired, and is still 
there today. 

KSDT: Why is the government con-
c rned with leaks of evidence? 

Applebaum: The government do sn't 
want to be embarrassed . When you have a 
bunch of gangsters in the highest offices, 
and you expose them, they are going to 
go out and get you. They are wire-tapping 
themselves and the free presses, be ause 
the free press is a threat to them. 

kSDT: What do you see in store in the 
future for the free presses and the 
government? 

Applebaum: The government is not a 
people's government. There are a lot of 
problems in this country. The only way to 
deal with them is for the people to unite 
and recognize that we have certain basic 
interests, and that they are not syn-
onymous with the interests of the govern-
ment. The constructed role of the media 
in this country is to try and change the 
socia l structure. But it can't do it by itself; 
but it will playa role. A good example is 
the the WASHINGTON POST. They have 
done an excellent job with the Watergate 
Affair. They are getting a lot of muck out 
of there. 

End to Hitchhiking Sought by Assembly Fair Photos 
Hitchhikers and bicyclists have found friends in the 

sta te Capitol. Assemblymen John Dunlap and Dixon 
Arnett, and Senator James Mi"s have a" recently 
introduced bills which would promote smog free 
alternative modes of transportation. With gas prices 
soari ng and smog problems worsening, the trend has 
been toward nonmotorized forms of transportation, 
particularly among college students. 

Assemblyman Dunlap has two bills which could 
prove to be a boon for nonmotorized travel. The first 
bill, AB 1284, would require the Department of Parks 
and Recreation to establish overnight accomodations 
for non motorized travelers within a" existing and 
future units of the state park system, At present, state 
park campsights are designed with the family vacation 
in mind; AB 1284 recognizes that the needs of growing 
number of travelers are different from those of the 
traditional family unit. 

Assemblyman Dunlap also introduced AB 1457 which 
wou ld au thorize the Department of Motor Vehicles to 
issue hitchhiking cards. This idea grew out of a system 
in Poland which licenses hitchhikers and provides 
positi ve inducements for motori sts to pick up 
hitchhikers. By granting permits, Dunlap feels that 
Contrary to some fears, the bill does not require all 
hitchhikers to be licensed, and is in no manner in-
tended to restrict hitchhikir:g. 

A bill before the legislature, AB 2025, is designed to 
elim inate hitchhiking. Assemblyman Thurman's bill 

would make it i"egal to solicit rides on a highway or 
roadway. Students of transportation would be severely 
affected were this bill to become law. Unfortunately, 
few legislators are aware of the students' perspective. 
There is a need for students to students as they pertain 
to transportation . 

In addition to the hitchhiking legislation, two bills 
have been introduced to facilitate bicycle use in the 
state. Senator James Mills is sponsoring SCR 47 whic:, 
requests that a study be done to review the problems of 
bicycle travel in California. Senator Mills makes note in 
the bill of the ambiguous nature of the California 
Vihicle Code as it currently relates to Assemblyman 
Dixon Arnett has introduced another bill, AB 916 which 
would establish an Advisory Committee on Bicycle 
Transportation, Safety and Recreation . Adoption of 
these two bills would be a positive step toward up-
dati ng laws and sett;ng up bikeways and facilities 
statewide. 

Support of AB 916, AB 1284, AB 1457 and SCR 47 
would be in the best interests of all students. Students 
can play an active part in the process by writing open 
letters to the legislature expressi ng their support of 
these bills and their opposition to AB 2025 These 
letters should be sent to Mike Clough, UC Student 
Lobby, 926 "J" St. Room 216, Sacramento, California, 
95814. Persons interested in testifying before com-
mittees in Sacramento on the bills should ca ll Mike 
Clough in Sacramento, 916-442-3827. 

Summer Registration 
Course work ranging 

from anthropology to 
visual arts will be available 
through the 1973 Summer 
Session at the University of 
California, San Diego. 

Registration is open this 
week for the eight-week 
general session which 
begins June 25 with some 
1,200 students expected to 
sign up for classes on the 
UCSD campus. Registra-
tion is open to the start of 
classes and may be made 
by mail or in person. 

education, psychology, 
and sociology. 

Included among the 
course titles are a variety of 
topics including: "In-
troduction to the Study of 
Man; The Nature of the 
Universe; Radio, Television 
and Society; The History of 
Mexico; Hi tory of China 
in Recent Decade ; An 
Introdu ction to the 
O cea ns; Shakespeare : 
Tragedies and Romance; 
Introductory and 
Intermed iate Swimming; 
Knowing' the World in 
Words; and Beginni ng 
Camera Technique." 

Models posing before an infinite variety of 
backgrounds will be the lure for photographers, 
amateur and professional, at the 1973 Don Diego Photo 
Shoot on June 23 during the Southern California 
Exposition here. . 

The Photo Shoot is open to all photographers who 
register in the Expo's Special Events office that day. 
Only entry fee will be admission to the fair . 

Results of the photographic competition will be 
announced and trophies awarded on or before July 15. 
Qualified judges will rate photos on the basis of 
imagination, creativity and uniqueness. 

IDiffinannu's 
itr.utaurant - ItUcattsSttt 

En.uIJtr f.;tt!lr anllltaliatt 
6980 La Jolla Bhd .• La Joll. 459-2433 

Open 7 day~ a week. Mon .·Sal 11·11 . Su n 9:30· 10 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... 
Bill SMith .oreiJn (",, ~ict' en ~ Rf"t«.M rtp.ir 

your Datsun 
Our fn«h.,,~ .r~ .,.lified '0 t.kt riff' of }OV, ('8r 

~II our rCr'IJlr~ pcrrormcd on JourC:Jr 
ha ... ~ III 6.000 mile or 6 month guarantee 
We al~ \t'nrtCC and repair Volk,walen ~ 

8.11 Smith Foreign Car Servlc;c 
J.43 Soulh HlghWOlY 101 

Sollnlt Beach. allf 
(110) 1SS·J323 

1a!R'HclIiar •• 1M 8 ..... AMt1'iani CrNiI ('ar' a«qHf'4 

Students will be able to 
choose from among a 
variety of "regular" 
courses including work in 
such academic areas as 
anth ropology, biology, 
history , literature , 
mathemati cs, musi , 
philosophy, physical I 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
COMMUNITY 

I 

fun-slop BLOOD BANK 
327 F: Street 

shopping PAYS DONORS 
for service A .. tiques, books, condles, fountains, lewelry, leother, macrome, 

Tue.-Fri. pointings, pots-in fact , everything for the person who doesn 't 
9:45-5:30 have everything . 3780 Mission Blvd. in old Mission Beoch. Phone 

Sat. 9:3085:30 488·3521 . Mon. thrv Thuis. 11 :30 am to 9:00 pm-Fr.. 11 :30 om 
Closed Sun. & Mon. to 5:30 pm- Sot. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm - Sun . 11:30 om to 5:30 pm. 

233-8328 YA YUm ..... I 

3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
(Across from Sports Arena) 

-EYES EXAMINED -PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 
-CONTACT LENSES FmED -REPAIRS 

HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 
224-2973 224-2974 latest fashiona in wire frames 

Page 9 Tuesday, May 29, 1973 Triton Times 
, , 



: 

planning funding , discuss important decisions 
maintainin master the Board has to make in 
plangoalsse · f rUCSD. AII the promotion , 
building p l'OJ ects mu st maintenance and 
clear througK the com- regulations of the student 
mittee . (1 at large). media. 

Campus Program Board Co u n c i Ion 
- This is a .:ampus- wide Undergraduate Affairs -
comm ittee having a s its Th is Council is the policy, 
pr imary ob je c ti ve th e deci sion making group for 
responsiblity for provid ing anything relating to un-
bal a nced prog ra mming dergraduate affa irs. They 
and e ntertai nme nt of h ig h are involved in teacher 
qua lity that is consiste nt evaluation, FTE allocat ion, 
with the educat iona l pu r- resource planning, e nroll -
poses of the UCSD com - me nt projections, admis-
m un ity. The y pro vi d e sion pol icies and anything 
assista nce and consultants e I sea ff e c ti n g un -
to gro ups, serve as a cen tral dergraduates. (1 from each 
ca lenda ring agency, spon- college, 1 at large). 
so rev e n t s, a II 0 ca t e Equal Employment Op-
resou rces fo r events and portunities for Women -
provi d es th e un ive rsity Se lf -e xp lanator y. (1 a t 
wi th superv ision of campus large, 1 grad student . 
act ivities . They recei ve Housing Policy Com-
money from the Regents mittee - Responsible fo r 
and registration fees. There setti ng the rates in dorms 
are n um e rou s sub co m- after advisement from the 
mittees th a t dea l w ith bu siness o ff ice, fo r es-
specific forms o f program- tabl ishing the regulati ons 
mingo (2 fro m each coll ege, fo r o n-ca mpu s hou si ng 
2 grad stude nt). and for much of the advice 

Communications Board on the bu ild ing of dorms. 
- This is an advisory 'com- (1 from each co llege) . 
mittee to the Chance llor. Intercollegiate Athletics 
The major functions of this Advisory Committee -
board are three-fold. First- The Board's pri mary con-
ly, the Board tries to cern is in the fo rmulation 
promote high sta ndards of and review of athletic 
quality to the student cam- policy; its main unction is 
pus media. Secondly, the to bring the intercollegiate 
board maintains all at h letic program into 
recognized media by balance and harmony with 
either direct financial sup- the character of the univer-
port, using monies sityand in keeping with the 
received by Reg. Fees and educational values in-
SlIC, or by use of Com- herent in a program of 
m u n i cat ion s Boa r d competitive sports. (3 at 
facili ties. Thirdly, the Board large) . 
has a regulatory function International Ceneer 
over all recognized media Governing Board - This 
in conjunction with univer- grou p is responsible for the 
sity and constitutional operation of the Inter-
regulations. (1 student co- national Center and 
chairman, 1 from eac h authorizes use of the 
college, 2 at large, 2 grads) . Center under its guidel ines 

Representatives of the which allow for the Center 
Board relate the opinons of to become a part of the 
their college and vote as UCSD co mmun ity . (1 at 
representatives of their large) 
college. They are Long Range Planning 
responsible for main- Committee - The prin-
taining a link between their cipal focus of this group is 
college boards and the the academic master plan 
Communications Board by and the growth projections 
continuously going back to of the campus.' There are 
their college councils to nu merous subcommittees; 

/ i )l SCOU N TS FOR UCS D ST UO E N T S'" 
- 10 'l' off on parts INSTALLED -

JJ 0 ~ 11 ' £5 Fo",ign Co. Service 
COMPLETE MACHINE SHOP 

727 P.arl St .. La Jolla. Calif. 92031 
459-4009 

RECORDS ETC. 
SALE 100'5 O F 8 TRK's 

1.99, 2.99,3.95 
918 SILVERADO 459-5155 

liI •••••• - •••••• IE I. PREPARATION fOR SUMMER • 
: LSAT : 
:. STAN_EY H. KAPLAN ~ •• " 

EDUCAti ONAL CENTER ~ S ince 1938 
IN SAN DIEGO AREA 

• (714) 276-8947 • 
!!J ••••••••••••• [iJ 
m ••••••••••••• m 
• PIUPARATION FOR SUMMER • 

agenda, campus physical 
plan, plan for the arts, 
development of 
professional schools, and 
the enrollment projection 
committee. (1 at large, 1 
grad) . 

Parking Advisory Com-
mittee - An advisory com-
mittee to the Vice-
Chancellor Business and 
Finance. They help to set 
the rates and plan the 
park ing needs of the UCSD 
community. (1 from each 
co llege, 1 at large, 1 grad) . 

Program Review Com-
mittee - Th is committee is 
the principal advisory com -
mittee of campus funding 
and alloca t ion of 
resources. They review the 
prinCipal fund ing programs 
that are submitted annually 
to the un ivers ity and 
p rovide the Chancellor 
with recommendations fo r 
approval of revisions. They 
also rev iew cu rre nt re-
qu irements fo r campu s 
resou rces against new and 
exis t ing r es our ce 
allocatio ns and provide the 
Chancellor with allocation 
recommendations. The re 
are two sub- : ommittees: 
cap ita l ou tlay and space 
and budge t allo cation and 
program, Th is year it su per-
vised the development of 
UCS D's 1974-75 Ta rget 
Budget Re q uest and 
reviewed the Universi ty's 
Major Capital Imp rove-
ment Program . (Stu d e nt 
Co-Chairman, Reg. Fees, 1 
from each college, 1 grad 
stude nt. ) 

Unive r sity Center 
Building Advisory Com-
mittees - Student Health 
Center, Srudent Center. (1 
from each college, 1 at 
large. PE Buildings & 
Playi ng Fields, 3 students). 

Academic Freedom -
The committee studies, 
and at its d iscretion reports 
to the division any condi-

tion within or without the 
University which in the 
judgment of the com-
mittee may affect the 
academic freedom of the 
members of the University 
with particular reference to 
the acceptance of positions 
and resignations from 
positions in the University, 
and to the reputation of 
the University and of in-
dividual members of the 
d iv ision. The committee 
shall represent the division 
in review of publications 
deal i ng w i th c ampus 
regulations and report the 
results of its review to the 
d i vision (Academ ic 
Senate). (1 at large 1 grad). 

Educational Policy and 
Courses - This is a faculty 
committee which could 
perhaps be described as 
one of the most important 
and influent ial of all 
Senate committees. CEP 
has the job of rev iewing 
and approving all matters 
of und er gradu a t e 
edu cational pol icy wh ich 
incl ud es, among other 
things, approvi ng new ma-
jors, departments, and 
gradi ng policy. CEP al so 
has a su bco mm ittee called 
t h e C omm i tt ee on 
Undergradu a te Course s 
whose task is to review and 
app rove all new courses. 
There is one st u d ent 
member of the com mittee, 
but this person does not 
have voting po w er. 
Whoever takes on this job 
should expect to be able to 
attend weekly meeti ngs 
(about 2 hours), and 
perhaps another hour or 
two should be spent in 
preparation. The student 
member should do his best 
to become involved closely 
in all issues coming before 
the committee which 
mea ns assumi ng an out-
spoken and active role . (2 
at la rge, 1 grad) . 

Activism Has Not Died 
Continued from page 5 
forums an d 
demonstrations . Issues 
organized around have 
been the Indochina War, 
the farmworker's struggle, 
the anti- mi litary recruiter 
move, freedom of speech, 
daycare, in stitutional ized 
sexism and racism, to name 
a few. We can reme mber 
the Vietnam teach-in last 
Fall, the events around the 
coming of the milit ary 
recruiters, and the student 
organized Safeway 
boycotts. We can look to 
the day Chance ll o r 
McElroy was inaugura ted, 
and reme mber the many 
students who showed up to 
pay "thei r respects," We 
can think o f th e 
ap pea ra nces of the Union 
o f Viet namese (Vietnam 
Cultural nights,), the Asian 
American organizers from 

~~-=:.. 
-----
-----
-- ---

ew York City, and 
theNative American group 
(White Roots of Peace). 
Less than three weeks ago, 
MECHA sponsored th e 
Cinco de Mayo festival 
which brought to campus 
Cesa r Chavez, the leader of 
the United Farmworker's 
Union. Only last Monday, 
the Concerned As ian 
Scholars CAS) sponsored 
a forum which brought 
na t ional speakers t o 
enlighten students to the 
struggles of the Pilipi no 
people in their cou ntry . All 
th'ese events have b ee n 
spo nsored by rad ica l stu -
d en t o r ga n iz a tio n s; 
o rg a ni zi ng s tuden ts in 
awa re ness to important 
issues. 

On th e UCS D com-
munications scene, the last 
year ha s w itn essed the 
completedisintegration of 

II 
I jill III , llllllllll~ 

LEFTY'S 
--,_1·"':' 

~. 

PIZZA PARLOR 
Serving Pizza, Ravioli, Spaghetti 

Chic ken, 10 Diffe rent Sa ndwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

(S min. 50( d.livery cha rge) 

With This Ad : lVlCAT DAT·: 
: I NOW ENROlliNG ': : 

• Ji ' •. $1 00 OFF GIANT PIZZA STANLEY H, KAPLAN 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER SInce 1938 • 

: In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 : 
~ •••••••••••••• [iJ 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesday, May 29, 1973 

We Also Serve Ice Cold Draft Beer 
(Light & Dark) 

3304 Governor Dr. at Regents Rd. 
in University City Call 453-3177 

Executive and Policy 
Committee - This com-
mittee deals mainly with 
facu Ity/administrative 
problems. The students sit-
ting on this committee 
have no vote, are never 
asked for their opinions. 
Topics dealt with are facul-
ty conduct, agenda setting 
for the Senate, task force 
recommendations for 
University library policy. 
This committee has poten-
tial for keeping students 
informed as to what is 
going on in the Senate . 
Since students don 't have 
the right to the floor in the 
regular Senate, they can 
propose resolutions in this 
body (but they can' t se-
cond them) . If the 
Academic Senate changes 
its bylaws before the end of 
th is year, this committee 
could have enlarged 
responsibilities and poten-
tial. (1 consu Itant from 
each college and 2 grad 
stude nts or consultants). 

Library - The library 
comm itt e e advi ses the 
Chancellor on the opera-
tion of the library at UCSD. 
It pre pares budgets, looks 
over personnel and advises 
th e C han c ell o r o n a ll 
matters relating to library 
poli cy. (1 at large consul -
ta nt, 1 grad ). 

Specia l Scho larships -
This committee assists a nd 
advises the admin istratio n 
in carrying ou t the special 
job and scholars hi p oppor-
tunity program. (1 fro m 
each college). 

University Welfare -
This committee is respo nsi-
ble for keeping the division 
aware if events lor actions 
are being taken that affect 
the welfare of the Universi-
ty. (1 at large consultant). 

Chancel/or's Advi ory 
Committee on Student Life 
and Interests - This group 
replaced what was known 

the co n se rvati v e 
ne w spaper D ime nsio n 
which used to air pro-U .S. 
government propaganda. 
The La Jolla businessmen 
who supported (in part) 
the financial existence of 
this paper must have been 
disappointedthey probably 
were th e only ones. On the 
other hand , the North Star 
ha s grown into a more 
viable form of information, 
transforming from the 
Crazy Times format into its 
present o n e, This 
rep resents a marked step 
forward o n the newspa per 
with a radical perspective. 
Nine, althoug h it has on ly 
published one issue, is also 
a progressive Black voice 
wh ic h ma y b e 
publ ished _ in the future . 
N e x t year , the s e 
ne wspapers will al mos t 
certainly be expanding 
with the support of the 
UCSD student body. 

Pe rhaps it is nd longer 
necessary here to spend 
more time repudiating the 
nonsense which was found 
in the Vote ad. We would 

as the AS and concerns 
itself with all issues regar-
ding student life at UCSD. 
both social and academic. 
This new group has great 
potential and would be 
ideal for anyone wishing to 
have an impact on the 
course of UCSD's student 
government , It allocates 
approximately S100,OOO (3 
from each college, 1 from 
each recognized minority 
group) . 

Muir Colle ge 
Curriculum Revie w and 
Development Board -
This board is responsible 
for encouraging new 
classes to fulfill the general 
edu cation requirements, 
approval of courses for 
satisfying the gen e ral 
education requireme nts, 
moni toring and evaluating 
e xi sting classes which 
sat is fy the genera I 
educational requirements. 
The boards consists of five 
faculty and four students . 
(4 Mu ir students). 

Polilica l Science Search 
Committee - This com-
mittee is a special Ad Hoc 
committee set up to look 
for a Chairm a n of th e 
Politica l Science Depart -
ment. Basically it involves 
going to sem inars whe re 
prosepective ch ai rpersons 
are speaking before the 
whole commi t t ee an d 
liste n i n g to h i m , 
q uestio ning him, and then 
giving opinions to other 
me mb e rs o f t h e com -
mittee . There are th ree stu-
dent me mbers, o ne from 
each college who act in a 
so lely advisory ca pacity. An 
interest and concern for 
the pOSition of a Political 
Sc ience De p artme n t is 
desira ble. 

Muir Five and Dime -
The 5 & Dime is struggling 
to exist as a non-profit, 

Cont . on page 11 

like to make the request, 
however, that whoever was 

. responsible for the content 
of the ad identify 
themselves, and substan-
tiate in factnot through ar-
ticles found in the San 
Diego Union, or biased TV 
programsthe satements 
they have made. As we 
already know that this will 
be impossible, we wou ld 
also suggest that they make 
a written apology to th 
student commu n ity to 
appear in the Tri(On Time s. 
It is the-duty o f responsible 
jou rnalist to be abl to 
back up with fact what they 
print in thei r newspapers. 
Perhaps the Tr i(On Time 
itsel f could see to it that the 
matter is handled in the 
manner we have outlined, 

Thank you, 
A group of Concerned 
Students 

(We omit our individual 
names as the space re -
quired to print them all 
would be too extensive. 
We have taken up enough 
space with our letter ,) 

SUMMER JOB 
$110 WEEK 

Work available: Los Angeles area, 
an Diego area, most So. California 

* no canvassing 
*welrain 
* seyeral 

openings 

* large company 
* you need: 

be sharp 
auto available 

Apply: ROGERS CO. 
7435 University No. 102 

La Mesa, Californi~ 
AFternoons ... Please no phone calls 

Campus Committees ... Continued from page 10 
volunteer-run coffee cooperative which seeks to municate the knowledge 
house at Muir . We are serve as a catalyst for and skills which students 
open frOm about 9 until 12 educational renewal at need to take full advantage 
serving drinks and donuts. UCSD. We are brought of such opportunities. The 
We attempt to serve as a together by our common Center serves as a support 
relaxing place to which rejection of the traditional system for such projects. It 
people can escape from assumption that students provides meeting and work 
the m~nia of the ~~rms and are passive, empty recep- space , office supplies, 
studYing; prOViding not tacles which need to be telephone access, informa-
on I y are I a x i n gat - filled with the knowledge tion files, a ~mall library 
mosphere, but also fre- of those who "know". and a small budget to cover 
quent entertainment . Such a conception, all too expenses. Most important-
Entertainment includes prevalent in the way Iy, it provides contact with 
movies every Monday education is approached at other students who are 
night, dances, musiciths, UCSD, is not only ineffec- already involved in pro-
and singers as money per- tive but harmful to both jects and are interested in 
mits. In addition, we hope the individual and society. helping other students 
to provide an outlet for So we seek to learn new with projects or in getting 
students who want to gain ways of becoming more help with their own. 
experience performing . actively involved in our 
Unfortunately, due to the own educations and to find 
lack of student involve- ways of sharing with others 
ment, it is difficult to main- that which we learn. We do 
tain a~ entirely effective this by stimulating and sup-
operation. Although many porting students' projects 
people come in to take which are designed to : 1) 
advantage of the facilities, identify existing oppor-
few volunteer their efforts !Unities for active learning 
at an organizational level. which are presently 
(As many as are interested). available to students both 

The Center - The on and off campus; 2) in-
Students' Educational crease the amount, quality 
Change and Developml!nt and diversity of such op-
Center is a student portunities, and/or3) com-

Subcommittee on 
Capital Outlay and Space 
- The funct ion of thi s sub-
committee is to review all 
capital outlay; programs 
and space allocations, and 
make recommendations to 
PRC, including any 
recommened changes in 
the capital outlay programs 
for state and non -state fun-
ding and related 
documents, (1 student at 
large) . 

Introducing Mountain Ecology 
A six-week field study of mountain ecology - which includes four weeks of 

backpacking in the Sierra Nevada Mountains - will be offered from June 25-August 3 by 
University of California Extension, Santa Cruz. 

The course, "Field Introduction to Mountain Ecology:' may be taken for 10 units of 
either lower or upper division credit in Environmental Studies. 

The study 0 consists of a three-day orientation at UC-Santa Cruz where participants 
will prepare an individual project of their choice. . 

Purpose is two-fold: to teach basic outdoor skills, and · to explore personal 
relationships to nature. You will discover what happens to you in the nourishing, 
expanding wilderness environment while developing skill in plant and animal inden-
tification, camping, hiking, rock climbing and basic research techniques . 

Fee of $375 includes tuition, and all field expenses (including food) but not room or 
board at Santa Cruz or transportation to the Sierra. 

Enrollment deadline is June 11 . for details, write to Jane York, University of California 
Extension, Santa Cruz, CA 95064, or phone (408) 429-2821. 

'Moretti ,on Ch'ild Care 
A community-wide conference on child care, first of its kind in San Diego County, 

will take place Saturday, June 2, under the auspices of UCSD Extension. 
Assembly Speaker Bob Mo relti, who is an active proponent of State funding for 

California child care centers no longer receiving support from the federal government, 
is a principal speaker on the program. 

The conference is open to anyone interested in the future of child care here. 
Participants will be charged a S2 registration fee . Meeting location is Recital Hall , 

Balboa Park, from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m .. 
In the spirit of the day, arrangements have been made to provide care and lunches to 

children of those who attend. lunch for adults is not included, however. 
Coordinator is Kathleen Burke, executive director of the 4-C Council (Community 

Coordinated Child Care) of San Diego County, who describes the event as a 
" communication vehicle'l which will give all the concerned populations, including 
single parents of both - ~exe5, the opportunity to express opinions and to learn the 
practicalities of incluencing legislation, organizing paren~s and writing grant proposals. 

Different styles of child care, and resource materials for learning and play activities 
are important topics on the program 

Each participant will be able to attend small workshop sessions in areas of special 
interest. 

The keynote address will be given by Arnold York, president of the California 
Children 's Lobby, followed by a panel discussion featurings: Jack Walsh, chairman of 
the San Diego County 80ard of Supervisors; Merkle Harris, president of the Welfare 
Rights Organization; Virginia Taylor, co-convener of the National Women 's Political 
Caucus; Anl1 Peters, M.D., pediatrician and public health physician; and James Hawes, 
e xecutive secretary-treasurer of Service Employees Union No.102, AFL-CiO. 

In addition to the 4-C Council, organizations co-sponsoring the conference are the 
North County Child Care Council, Community Congress of San Diego, the League of 
Women Voters, and University Extension'S Women's Programs and Urban Affa irs 
Departments. Financial contributions from civic groups are helping to make the day 
possible. 

i"lllllllnIlIIlHIHIIIIIII .. HIIH_IIIIIIIII_tIIllHnltlll .. I""IIHlIlHllllllnllllnll ... 1111H11 

= . . 

§ i 

I China! ~ I Two A ward Winning Films ! 
= Edgar Snow's = i "One Quarter of Humanity" ~ 
§ Dr Joshua Horn 's ~ I ' ''Away With All Pests!" ~ 
§ 2D-2250 75¢ ~ 
i 8:00 PM ~ 
= = I Sponsored by ; 
§ Concerned Asian Scholars ~ 
= = 
= Chinese Studies = 
§ Student Educational Change and Development Center § I III" 111111111111 III 111111111111111111111111111111111111 III 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 "11111111 

FRIDAY 6/1 
ALL FOR 7S¢ 

The Graduate 
Candy 
Myra 

Breck i nridge 
Betty Boop 

8:00 p.m. 
GYM 

SATURDA Y 6/2 
EROTIC 
FILMS 

GUARANTEED 

CHECK FRIDA Y'S 
ISSUE FOR 

EXACT LIST 
AND 

DESCRIPTION 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
OH.red bdus;"'ly in San Diego by MONTE •• KELLEY Insuranc. Ag.ncy 

Drive by or can ..... ,.v 

C.S.I.S. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
5090 College (corner College & Montezuma) 

USE • . _ Your Academic and Staff Employees Credit Union 

Miramar Rd. 
Lyman Ave. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS • 
YOUR CREDIT UNION 
IS NOW IN ITS NEW 
LYMAN AVENUE 
OFFICE ON THE 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS. 

171 tl.,... • dI,. Smile away to Los Angles, San Francisco, 
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, HollywOOd·Burbank, Ontario, and 
Long Beech. And relum. can your campus rep or PSA and ask 
about our easy-to·beer. low fere. "'SA,,", rou • 11ft. 

USECU 
OFFICE 

To San Diego 

Office hours are 9:00 am to 5 :31) pm daily, 
Monday through Friday. Phone 453-5620. 

UNIVERSITY & 
STATE EMPLOYEES 

CREDIT UNION 
OF SAN DIEGO 

Lyman Ave. at Miramar Rd, La Jolla 92037 - Ph 453-5620 
5555 Mildred Sh,.t, San o •• co g~110 Phone 2971838 
5191 Coll ,._ Avenue, San Oi_,o 9 2 115 Phone 2.6-,.210 

Page 11 Tuesday, May 29, 1973 Triton Times 



.. ~ ........................ -announcements""""""~· 

Trident Chrl.lti.n Fellowship 
will meet on Wednesday , 
May 30, 197.! at 7:30 p.m. in 
the Muir apa 1ment television 
lounge. Mike Roe will lead a 
Bible study on "Ministering 
Unto the World". This will be 
the last meeting of TCF 
(InterVarsity) th is year. All are 
welcome to come sing, share 
and study the Word of God. 
(5/29) 

B i g end - of - quarter 
WOMEN ' S POT -LU CK 
DINNER sponsored by WLF 
for all interested women . 
Bring food, drink, a fork if 
you can but come anyway. 
Tues. May 29, 6 p.m. Inter-
national Center Lounge. 
(5/29) 

Mr. Charles J. Detoy, Vice 
President, Career Develop-
ment, Coldwell Banker and 
Company , will speak to 
Society and Human Values 
Class in Room 2113 
Tuesday May 29th, 2:00 until 
3 :30 . Open to visiting 
students. (5/29) 

wednesday 
Media Access Coop will pre-
sent a showing of student-
produced video-tapes and 
films, Wednesday night May 
30. The showing will qbe 
held in Room 1105 in the 
Basic SCience Building (Med 
School) , at 7 .30 . Any 
students who wish to show 
tapes, films, or slides should 
call Ext. 2405. All members 
of the campus community 
are Invited to attend and 
learn what is gOing on with 
student media (5/29) 

Women 's Hitchhiking 
Meeting 4 p.m. Revelle In-
formal lounge. (5/29) 

"Applications for Thesis & . 
Dissertation Research 
G rants from 
registered graduate 
students are due May 30. 
See your department for 
further information." (5/29) 

services 
Need Help in French 01 German? Call 
479·2107 (5/29) 
FREE TRANS TO WASH oc. Drive my 
car aher June 10 Call Mike. 1·830-
1909 (5/29) 

AulO Repall. Engine Re·bulld lng. 
Welding. Low rales Call Dave or 
Loren . 453·9368. (5/29) 

Worrying aboul profic",ncy exama? 
French. RUSSian IUIOling by nallve 
speakers Reasonable rales Call 454· 
2475 (5/29) 

SpeCial lor UCSD sludenis VW lune· 
up & lube 512.95 Parts end labor Incl 
223·8239 (5/29) 

Expert Typlno . expellenced on all 
Iypes of pepers Fesi. Excellenl 
grammer and spelling. 50¢ a pag 
ClailemOni area IBM selectric 565· 
7060 (5/29) 

Pregnanl ar d Iroubled? Consider 
Alfernallves I ) " wllon. LeI us help 
you Call 58···LIFE. 24 hour hOI line 
(6/8) 
"ro pernl_k. eeryfic enamel Carr.po 
50up. Fulhlze 6OuP. V8M. Truckl 
8Oop. Body· NOtIt. 454·4491 

travel 
Oppon Jnt1y 10 exper 'enee flr51 hand 
Kibbutz IIle , Itra I - 5OClsllz.ng and 
wor.rng as. ell he Kibbutz are I$/aell 
communes \,~ a have ell'lsed for seven -
Iy years 0 ra n of SIIY IS thre.. 0 
even He.l , ~dlerenl days of 

depertlJres ro I COSI IS 5sao lor bolh 
sla, and I'anoportallon For lurther 
mformaHJn ~nt,. K!bbut7 E/per'enco. 
clo Clr'P' 01 Educal,on. U C Senta 
Barbar, San Barbar • . Ca I 93 1 
(S/29 ) 

10lh ANNUA L JET FLI GHTS 
EUROPE Irom $23 rOund · ,,,p 
JAP~ Irom $359 round· IIp LA 
N'f 6/17 on ·w.y 
Call F 9hl Cha,rman. M3 1297, 4246 
O .... 8!1d A.e . DePI A. Culver City 
90230 (6/~) 

Species Program will be 
shown Wednesday, May 30, 
4:00 p.m. in 20 1330. The 
program is given by the 
Sierra Club and sponsored 
by the Wilderness Class. 
(5/ 29) 

thursday 
On Thursday, May 31 , there 
will be a meeting for those 
who are Interested in helping 
w i th the Course and 
Professor Evaluations th is 
quarter. The more people 
that can help, the more 
classes will be covered . 
Volunteers are needed to 
pass out questionnaires and 
pick them up. Hep to im-
prove your education at th is 
school. That's 12:50 at the 
Student' s Educational 
Change and Development 
Center, Lower Muir Com-
mons . Ext. 2516 . Do it! 
(5/29) 

CHINA! Concerned Asian 
Scholar and Chinese Studies 
presents two award winning 
films, Edgar Snow's "One 
Quarterof Humanity", and 
newly released "Away With 
All Pests" by Dr. Joshua 
Horn. Showings will be at 
B:OO Thursday night, May 
31st on the MUIr Campus at 
20-2250. Admission is 75¢ 
Come and see for yourself! 
(5/29) 

general 
To all off-campus residents: 
students, faculty, staff. The 
Coast Cruiser is conducting 
a survey concerning 
scheduling and route infor-
mation for expansion of the 
bus service. Short question-
naires will be distributed 
around campus. We urge 
you to participate in this sur-
vey. (6/5) 

SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES 
IN SENSUAL ECOLOGY: 
The Senses Bureau is an 
undergraduate research 
group at UCSD supported by 
the National Science Foun-
dation and is involved in en-

personals 
Would people who crashed our Fall 
party please call? We'd like 10 In¥lle 
you thiS lime. (Rod and Tom 459· 
1950 (611) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMt Love. Me 
- your youngeSI. (5/29) 

wanted 
Wanled ' I running molOlcycle under 
$65 Call Kenl al 487·26<12 01 Evelyn 
3·5 al . · 1561 . (6/1) 

BUying Sliver corns .1 40% over lace 
value. Call Tim al 755-7067 aher 6 30 
pm. (611) 

NOlebook laken Irom 202550 al 12'30 
p m 5/24 pie ..... please ralurn 10 TT 
or call 453·4913 (611) 
SUMMER JOBS To 53/hr. luilipart 
lIme. new lravel. d·n.ng. emertalnmenl 
Corp wanlS guys and gals 101 summer 
lun and expallence. If you have good 
Image. are hard working. like meelJng 
people. come 10 .nle/Vlew Thurs & Frl 
al Bldg III A on Manhews Campus. 
11 a m or 3 p m or 7 p m (5/29) 
W.nled Amplll,er: all tranSlner. 15 10 
25 wans RMS MuSI be clean Call 
,""',. "53·1068. (5/29) 

RIDE DESPERATELY neaded 10 
North Saclo area Call Suzann 755 

~4 or Alberta 453·8426 (5/29) 

I need. IIde 10 the Easl coasllus' aher 
he end 01 cia ses Will help WI gas 
Ind dr,vlno R'ch at 755 ·9590 (5/291 

R,de needed 10 Ala ka for two people 
WIll d lvldo gas Can leave no toOner 
Ih.n June 17 Herb "53 ·0593 (5/29) 

I Will pay 'CASHI 101 your old 2·man 
P8C~ I nl. 3 ,11>$ 01 under Margarel 
453·6792 (5/29) 

lost and found 
Found lemale ca,'co cal round Ihe 
VIC.", y 01 Murr Ap call 453·2533 
(611) 

Page 12 Triton Times Tuesday, May 291 1973 

vironmental studies, In com-
puter graphics, and in film-
making. We are presently 
looking for talented freshmen 
and sophomores to join us 
full time during the summer, 
and 15 to 20 hours a week 
during the academic year. 
We are able to pay ap-
proximately $2.50 per hour, 
Initially in the form of a 
fellowship for the summer. 
Desired qualifications in-
clude very high academic 
standing, a strong Interest in 
environmental research (par-
ticularly air pollution) , and in 
inn ovative informat ion 
presentation. Useful abilities 
and experience could in-
clude : env i ronmental 
sciences, a taient for creative 
leadership, writing , film-
making, visual arts , 
photography, statistics, and 
computer programming. In 
the operation of the project 
and In selecting individuals 
for participation In, and for 
administration of, the project, 
there will be no discrimina-
tion against any person on 
the ground of race, creed , 
sex, or national origin. If in-
terested, please contact Bud 
Tribble or Bruce Gardner, 
extension 21B4 or come to 
2126 Urey Hall, Tuesday and 
Thursday 2-3. (6/5) 

ADVANCE PAYMENTS TO 
VETERANS: All student 
veterans and federal 
veteran's dependents who 
plan to continue their educa-
tion at UCSD for the 1973-74 
school year, should contact 
Linda Perlin in the Special 
Services Office, 250 
Matthews Campus, as soon 
as possible so that ap-
propriate enrollment cer-
tifications can be submitted 
to the Veterans Administra-
tion. If this is done in a timely 
fashion, .the student will be 
enabled to receive 
educational ass istance 
benefits before the start of 
the Fall Quarter 1973. (6/B) 

Extension Issues Instructions 
for enrolling in a free class 
fall quarter: Muir and Revelle 
students: Come to The Ex-

Lost: Silver pockel size Gralg Cassene 
recorder, Wed 4116 USB 3020· 
Reward 538 Arge 453·2295. (6/8) 
FOUND' 10-spd blke on Salurd.y 
nrghl. Identify ,nd claim. Call Dave 
272-1 814 . (5/29) 

FOUND: Gown In 2622 USB Identify 
10 Moe al 453-3844. (5/29) 
LOST: Blue notebook in vaclnlty 01 
Gilman Or. and Medical School. Call 
755·8693. (5/29) 

LOST: A Metallic blue 10·speed bicy· 
cle was leh II the ouldoor handbill 
courts on Salurday. Ralurn It 10 Blake 
351 or call 0&53·9195 & ask lor Dennis 
Dominguez. No quesllons asked. iust 
bring il backll l (5/29) 

FOUND: 6'6" surfboard. Yellow and 
orange. Found al La Jolla shoras II ii's 
yours, phone 459-9226 and ask lor 
John (5/29) 

FOUND' Fronl 01 bookllore gold 
plaled shleld·shaped charm Inscribed 
Senior 71 . call X2162 (529) 

housing 
Need lemale 101 summer In nrce hou ... 
w/pool In OM own room $75 util Incl 
Vinny 755·8913 (611) 

S·lamlly moving 1liiIe Sal & Sun June 
2&3. everylhlng mull gol 9334 
Redwood Dr . Coa.1 APIS (611) 
LIIJe In old beamed slone house In 
Enclnrtas Near beach. qU"'1 Sorry, no 
dogs. 595 month 753·5210 (611) 

Wanled . Fem.le rmle 10 ahare lIudlo 
w.th same FOI summer and ? La JOlla 
ShOIas - S8S/mo Incl ulll 459·2790 
(5/29) 

wanled 1 01 2 bedroom .partmenl 01 
house 10 subia! lor monlh 01 AuglJSl. 
1973 Ple.se contacl Susan or Louie 
MonlrOS/) 453 2371 •• 1 2803 (5/29) 

N d NOW Roommete lor 3 bedroom 
house. 1 blk to UCSD. Own room. $90 
Call 0&53 0&511 (5/29) 

tension Off ice, Tuesday, 
Sept. 25, 1-5 p .m. for 
courses to be counted for 
credit. Wednesday, Sept. 26, 
1-5 p.m. for either credit or 
non-credit courses. Third 
College Students: Contact 
your Provost's office on the 
same days. Graduate and 
Medical students: Apply star-
ting Monday, Sept 24 at the 
Office of Graduate Students 
and Research, and the 
Medical Student Affairs Of-
fice. (6/1) 

Graduates - you may order 
your caps and gowns for 
commencement May 21 and 
22, University Bookstore. 
(5/29) 

SUBJECT A EXAM: The 
Proficiency exam for Subject 
A will be g iven June B 
anytime from 1 to 9 p.m. in 
the H-L, Rm. 1449. It con-
sists of writing one 500-750-
word essay related to a piece 
of reading that will be 
handed out at the exam. 
Students can bring a hand-
book and a dictionary, and 
they should allow themselves 
three hours for reading, 
wr iting, and re -writing. 
Anybody who still has "Subj. 
A Reqd" on his transcript 
should come and take it. 
(6/1) 

The UCSD Drama Club 
presents it's second annual 
"I" One Act Festival. This 
year presenting lonesco's 
JACK OR THE 
SUBMISSiON, John Guare's 
THE LOVLlEST 
AFTERNOON OF THE 
YEAR , and Terrence 
McNally's BRINGING IT ALL 
BACK HOME. Performances 
at B in the UCSD Theatre 
June 1st and 2nd. Admission 
is free but t ickets are 
necessary and available in 
Urey Hall Box Office. (6/1) 

GERM AN DINNER 7:00 
P.M. Friday, June 8th, inter-
national Center, Matthews 
Campus "BRATWURST MIT 

WANTED: Famale grad or couple 10 
share 2·bdm Mesa .... pt. P.rtly furn. 
276·2365. (5/29) 

Spacious house across Irom UCSD. 
Summer roommales wanled . Call 0&53· 
86<19. (5129) 

Need famalelor summer In nice house 
wlpoolln OM own room 575 util. Incl. 
Vinny 755·8913. (5/29) 

for .. Ie 
FOR SALE: • 56 Chevy 2 door buy ~ 
5150/oller. 755-7022. rebn. cnch. runs 
good. (6/1) 

'56 Chevy 3/4 Ion panel truck. good 
engine. camper wnds. 5250, Robert 
755-4209 or 459·5707. (611) 

Surlboards lor sale - 5'8". 5'7" & 7'8" 
roundlails. and 6'4" aquaretalla. Phone 
Ray 755·8693. 530 each. (811) 

Eleelrophlc atereo. BSR lurnlable. $25 
Call Kathy al ,,5,,-7602 aher 5:30. 
(611) 

5-gal aquarium. floor stand. under· 
gravel and char. IllIers. acceasories. 
$13 270·1604 after 6. (6/1) 

1972 OIange VW. e.cellenl condo low 
mIleage. radIO. heeler. call and .sk lor 
Ray 453·2683 (611) 

'62 Jag 38 MKII Sedan. aUlomallc 
pwr sIr $1000. 753·4356 (5/29) 
Hulfy 3·speed boy's blk. 1 year old 
$3501 beSI oller Ca1l4b3-1083 Uk lor 
Susan Mart.n (5/29) 
Medium lile peck • • 110 a large 
Coleman & S ml Llghl Nylon Sleeping 
Bag lynn 4532883 (5/29) 

1969 Benelll 260 cc mOlorcyCI S 175 
274-8714 (5/29) 
Webll r Iypawrl1ar hghlWl portable w 
carl).no Clse. good cond $20 224. 
9679 (5129) 

1964 VW. reeeni overh.ul. .xcellenl 
COndlllon. Ollgln.1 owner 5650 453-
8776 .ven.~ga (5/29) 
Fllgld.rre R Irlg ImmeCullle $100. 
.2528. Sandy or Pel (5129) 

BIER". Everyone welcome. 
Please make your reser-
vations early by calling Ext. 
1941 before June 1st. LIMIT 
IS 75 SEATS - $2 PER 
PERSON. BRING YOUR 
LEDERHOSEN!!!!! (6/1) 

who have outstanding 
NDEA : INDSL, Educational 
Fee Deferment, Health 
Professions, Regents' or 
other type loans, should con-
tact the Loan Collection Of-
lice, 204 MC, regarding an 
exit interview. Deferment of 
payments and partial 
cancellation of loans may be 

Graduating students or available to you. Find out by 
students not planning to calling Jane Fitzgerald or Flo 
return to UCSD for the fall Rogers, extension 261 6. for 
1973 quarter beginning your exit Interview appoint-
September 17. 1973. and ment. (6/1) 

r:----SUBSCRIPTIONS 
I TRITON TIMES LOWEfI BLAKE HALL 

UCSD 
LA JOLLA. CA. 92037 

YES, I WOULD LIKE A SUaSCRIPTION TO 
THE TRITON TIMES FOR: 

o FAll 0 WI ITER QUARTER QUARTER o SPRlla D'EmRE QUARTER YW I (12.501 (12.501 
I NAME 

(12.501 73-74 
(17.001 

I ADDRESS 
STATE.ZIP I CITY ... SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDER PAYABLE TO TRITON TIMES. WE ARE NOT 

• RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST MONEY 

-~- --
EE 
FREE 
EE FREE 
FREE fR' 
EE FREE 
FREE FR 
EE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE 

FREE FREE 
that's how much the 
classified ads in the 
Triton Times cost to 

UCSD students 

FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE F 
EE FREE 

FREE F 
EE FREE 

FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE FREE F 
FREE FREE FREE FREE 

FREE FREE ' FREE 

FREE FREE FREE 
FREE FREE 

FREE 

1964 VW bug. New engine. clulCh. 
~res and brakes. 5550 Carl 459· 1624. 
(5/29) 

TRAILER-utility. 3· •• • bed with raised 
walls. Ideal 101 Ilghl hauling. Bob 
.1454 dey. 453·0232 nighl. (5/29) 
1970 YAMAHA 250 S\1eel blk • • just 
rbh. engine. e.cl. condo $350 01 best 
offer. 454·0056. (5129) 
Backpklng equip. It. wI. parkl or 
jackel, h. backpk .• elc. second-hand. 
che.p. 453-90&69 Sharman. 5/29) 

SCUBA gear. 72 cu .. ft . tank. Spts-
Ways reg.. Ig Jet fins. spear-gun & 
more. 274·8710&. (5/29) 

SHURE V·15 type II Improved stereo 
c.rtrldge. Immacul.te 520. Call Craig 
453·1068 (5/29) 
Girl', wet suit. like new 550.00. Royal 
typawrller w/ca ... $35.00. (Peg). 453· 
2743. (5/29) 
DEPENOABLE REFRIGERATOR -
ready 10 painl your COlor - $30 Ind 
you gal to haul II. .53·01.8 Joe. (5/29) 

1968 Mustano. e.cellenl 6 cylinder, 
slick. 1 owner. besl offer. 755·8228 
alter 4 p .m (6118) 

Four man umbrella· type tenl. Used but 
perfecl condition Canvas. $20, call 
Dave 272-1814. (5/29) 

EleelrJC Guitar. Gibson ES-335·TDC. 
seml·hollow body. Grover luning peg. 
5300 Call Richard 755·3498 (5/29) 
'55 BUlc~ new Illes. runs perfect. call 
,her 930 p.m 281 -0656 (5129) 
1969 VW bug Very good condllron; 
R&H 5900 Call 755~25 8" r 7 p m. 
(5/29) 

WallUIl White Stag •• " .. S-zlpper, 
medium Like new $040/011 r Stan 
453·2"35 Iv msg (5/29) 
PUPPy Free F.m Ie. 12 weeks. 
Shep ·Llb -Smyd mi.. Loo good. 
lmart . • CIIVl 755· 590 (5/29) 
KINGSIZE manr + bOx spllng. + 
F'lAM I WOODEN CHEST 0& 
drawer. 57. 7·drtwar 513 .s. 676<1 
(5129) 

REFRIGERATOR. lull size wllh large 
sepl. Ireezer. old bUI works fine. $20. 
Call 755-1706. (5/29) 
Band .. lis OUI. All kinds of goodies. 
Call .79-2107. (5/29) 
Sony COlO. T.V. (model No. KT 9000 
U). Mint condition. Call .53·,,909 .her 
8 p.m. Ask lor John. (5129) 

'64 Dodge Oart - good Iransportation. 
body work needed - Flral $150.00 
drives h .way. Jim 488-7743. (5/29 ) 

Fender electric .teel guitar, Alk lor 
Ken 453·5667. (5/29) 

1972 TOYOfAI Carina . -Ipeed. rldlo -
25 mlles/gal .. vinyl rool 52000. 'Ber-
bare 272·5939. (611) 
1965 Cornel 6 cyld. SId. 48,000 ml 
runs line. good looking $0450. Iris 753-
7602 aher 6. (5129) 
'67 Chevy Camero 2 dr. 6 cyl. 3 spd. 
radio Call evenlnga: Larry 272-1520. 
(5/29) 
Honda 305cc 1000 mi. on engine. twin 
locklno saddlebaga, new tires. beftery 
$350 or offer, .53-09.0&. (5129) 
'63 Chevy Impala Wagon $250. '64 
Ponllac Tempesl All Pow'r Xlnl con'd 
5sao. 0&53·3063 Oon (5129) 
Leavlno. musl .. II S.a,. 106 moIOlCY-
cle 1800 miles. very good condillon + 
new helmel. S 120 01 best offer. Call Fu 
Chen .2319 (5/29) 

Classified Ids In the rtan: 
·free only to reslstered 
sr.ds and undel'Jrads " 
this campus, All ad$ must 
be typed, Due to space 
limitations "" ca= be 
three lines lon& on 
a thlrty-tpaee line. Any· 
ttNnl ' onl er shall be 
chlrl4!d ,accordlnlly. 
Deadlines are: , a.m. 
Mon. for the Tues. edition 
and 6 p.m. Wed. for the 
FrI" edition. No 'phone In 
ads plene, For more Info 
all ext. 1017. 

I 
I , 


