
VOLUME 20, NUMBER 13, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Change in Polling Places Likely 
To Affect Voter Turnout 

Because of a recent consol idation of precincts in 
the U.C.S.D. area by the San Diego County Registrar 
of Voters , most students who live on campus wil l 
have to vote off campus in today's elect ion . 

In previous elections polling places were 
established on the U.C.S.D. campus . 

This is particularly significant because it is ex-
pected to result in a lower student voting turnout . 
Opponents of Proposition One, the controvers ial 
Tax Initiative, have claimed that Governor Ronald 
Reagan scheduled today's special election with the 
expectation that a low voter turnout would insure 
the proposition's passage. 

The Registrar of Voters' office said that the 
precinct consolidation , which combined on campus 
and off campus precincts , is part of a statewide 
effort " to save money", although it was admitted 
that it could have the effect of lowering the turnout 
of voters, especially students . 

It could , in effect , largely negate the strong effort 
made by the U.C. Student Lobby to register 
students and encourage them to vote . 

The Registrar's office claimed that the new polls 
are in close proxl mlty to the Un iversity , so that 
voting should entail minimal inconvenience. 

There will be two polling places, one on campus , 
at Mesa Commons (3999 Miramar St ., Matthews 
Campus) , and one off campus at the University 
Lutheran Church , across Torrey Pines Road from the 
school , which are fairly convenient for students . 
However, two of the off campus polls are quite a 
distance from the campus and may provide 
problems for students who want to vote. One at 3154 

Br~merton Place, is about a 1 V2 mile round trip from 
U.C.S.D. , while the other, at 8540 Via Mallorca (La 
Jolla Village Recreation Room) Is a 3 mile round trip . 

Students must vote at the polling place specified 
on the ir sample ballots . 

According to Anna Acosta at the Registrars of-
fi ce, who's in charge of the U.C. S. D. preCinct area, 
the polls were moved off campus because facilities 
provided by the University in last year's elections 
were inadequate, "overcrowded , and noisy", and 
because of complaints from (unidentified) faculty 
members and administrators that the polls and the 
long lines they created were disruptive, caused 
"hassles and problems" , and " interfered with school 
activities." 

Later she asserted , somewhat defensively , that 
the decision to "get out of the way" was a " mutual" 
one (that Is, between the U.C.S.D. administration 
and the Registrar's office) , and said , "don't blame 
the University." 

She also declined to give the Triton Times the 
addresses of th~ polling places for U.C.S.D. 

by Chris Rauber 

students . 
Margaret Davies, also at the Registrar of Voters , 

argued that the change of poll ing locat ions was due 
to low student turnouts on previous elect ions, but 
adm itted that off campus polls might cause an even 
lower turnout. Complaints by the Reg istrar of 
Voters ' office that not enough students voted in the 
last elect ion , September 18, are inval id , because 
virtually no one was 01) campus at that ti me. 

None of the offic ials contacted at U.C.S.D. were 
aware that the Reg istrar's off ice had received 
complaints about alleged disrupt ions caused by on-
campus pol ls or that they had comp lained that 
Un ivers i ty-p rov ided locat ions fo r po ll s were 
inadequate. Most officials were not even aware that 
the polling places had been moved off camp us. 

The Student Affairs and the Public Affairs off ices 
had no information whatsoever about the situat ion . 

Assistant to the Chancellor David Ryer "hadn't 
heard about it before", but said that the Univers ity 
should try to " make sure that th is doesn't happen 
again at the next election ." 

Dr. Paul Saltman , Vice Chancellor fo r Academ ic 
Affairs , admitted that the off campus po ll s were an 
inconvenience to students , but argued that "people 
ought to drag their bodies over to the po ll s .. . it's an 
important enough issue." 

The Registrat ion and Scheduling off ice wh ich in 
previous elections had provided rooms to be used as 
polling places on campus , commented that the 
Registrar of Voters hadn 't contacted them th is year. 

Strangely enough , although no one at U.C.S. D. 
seems to have asked the Registrar of Voters to move 
the polls off campus , the Registrar's off ice insists 
that "someone" in the Administration complained 
about the polls in a way that strongly influenced 
them to make that change. Anna Acosta, after all 
said it had been a "mutual " decision . ' 

The mystery, then , is : who at U.C.S.D. wanted 
the polls off campus, and why? No one seem s to 
know the answers. 

At any rate, the Registrar of Voters effort to 
con~olldate precincts " to save money", whether or 
not It was influenced by the U.C.S.D. adm inistrat ion 
in any way , seems likely to lim it the voter turnout at 
U.C.S.D., unless students make an extra effort to 
vote . 

Note: rides to the polls will leal(e every half-hour 
from the fishbowl at muir and the Triton Times 
office at Revelle on election day. People with cars 
should volunteer to help. If you can't get to the polls 
and need a ride, call Chris at 453-2695 for help or 
leave a message with Seagu ll Flight School at 452-
1747 . 

Convention on Women's Rights 
by Holly Hitzeman 

The Bahia Hotel In San Diego experienced a 
change from its usual clientele of business men and 
tourists last weekend as over 550 women were 
gathered for the second annual state convention of 
the National Organization for Women . 

Members of the six-year old organization met to 
establish goals in their battle to give women the 
unrestricted ability to develop to their full potential. 

The theme of the convention " From Rhetoric to 
Real ity", sum marlzes both the history and present 
of this organization . Founded in October of 1966, 
NOW has since been active In changing and 
reforming many of the laws which discrim inate 
against women. Their latest effort , the passage of 
the Equal Rights Amendment in Congress, awaits 
only ratification by eight more states before being 
added to the Constitution . 

Various state task force workshops , con-
centrating separately on basic concerns of NOW, 
constituted one of the main activities of the con-
vention . 

One workshop dealt with the need for local health 
care centers throughout the state, designed to aid 
women with various medical problems. At present a 
center of this type, the "Well Women Clinic" Is 
being organized and staffed In San Diego. 

In education , a state task force group reported 
that " following an unsatisfactory attempt to work 
with the state Curriculum Commission on sexism in 

textbooks they now have joined in a c lass action 
petition against the commission regarding sexism 
in school textbooks." (SO Union 10-29-73.) 

In addition to this action , NOW wi ll be supported 
in the future by bill AB 2187 signed into law, wh ich 
becomes effective January 1, 1974. The law wr itten 
by Bob Holden of San Diego NOW will "outlaw an y 
activ ity , textbook , or instructional matter in public 
schools wh ich reflects adversel y upon persons 
because of their sex ." 

Developments in child care fac ili t ies has been an 
aim for NOW since the organ ization was fou nded. 
The conventions's task force workshop in th is area, 
discussed their ideas for Involv ing society as a 
whole in assisting chi ld care projects . Their main 
thrust is towards develop ing child care centers 
available to all citizens, on a nat ional scale. In a 
recent portfolio NOW described the goal of these 
centers as being "adequate to the needs of chi ldren 
from pre-school age through ado lescence, and to 
the needs of parents and communit ies , through 
appropriate services and schedules. II 
" Power Is the Name of the Oame" 

Toni Carlbillo , national vice president of NOW 
stated In her speech on " Power is the Name of the 
Game" on Sunday October 20. "What we have been 
after is the piecemeal acquisition of power 
Powerlessness is each woman's most crit ical 

continued on Pi. 4 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1973 

The opinion expressed intended as an expressIOn 
below IS that of the of the opinion of the 
Editorial Board of the university community as a 
Triton Times. It is not whole . 
Editorial 

VOTE TODAY 
Today is the day that funding for education 

Proposition 1 MUST BE would result in greatly 
DEFEATED. Passage of increased tuition for 
Proposition 1 would students of UC and other 
necessitate cutbacks in state-supported colleges . 
many important social So, if you haven't done so 
programs and foreclose already, VOTE! If you are 
the possibil ity of in- confused as to how to get 
novative programs in the to your polling place . see 
future . Cutbacks in the article on the left. 

C I c=:=::J 

Polling place for today's election. 

A.S. to Vote on 
Town Center 

by Hannah Cohen 

Though Chancellor 
Mc Elroy has given 
condit ional approval to 
the University Community 
Town Center plan the 
Academic Senate has not 
yet taken a stand on this 
plan . 

Dr. Stern , chairman of 
the Academic Senate , 
says that the Senates 
inaction on this matter is 
due basically to lack of 
information . 

Since this type of 
development is the only 
way to create a com-
mun ity between the 
university and the 
surrounding areas an ad 
hoc commi ttee , heaJ~J 
by Dr. Victor Ramsey , has 
been formed by the 
Academic Senate to look 
il to the Center plan and 
to get a consensus on 
facul ty opinion . 

Accordi ng to bo th Dr. 
Stern nd Dr. Ramsey , in 

a legal sense the 
University has no control 
over the construction of 
the center since the 
decision is ultimately up 
to the San Diego City 
Counc il. 

Desp ite this fact , the 
Academ ic Senate has 
been requested by Nov. 
15 to give ils opinion on 
the Town Center. Dr 
Stern says the Senate Will 
not make a decision until 
all the information needed 
to do so has been ob-
te ined . 

According to Dr 
Ramsey , the hoc's 
committee's main pOin t of 
C0 1cem with the master 
plan is the size of the 
proposed shOPPing 
center. 

Dr. Stern , or. the other 
hand, is more concern"d 
with the pia., to develop 
the La Jolla Vill ag 
Apartment area. He f I. 

continued on pg 12 



Plans for Third College Housing 
by Roberta Rehm 

Final pluns for the first installment of student 
housing f'Jr Third College will be ready for 
presentatlc,n to the U.C. Regents by January of 
1974. 

This first of three stages of housing will be ready 
for occupancy in the fall of 1975, at the same time 
the first unit of the college's academ ic buildings 
opens. 

"Third College Is finally going to have a home of 
its own, " stated Ed Tafoya, Third college Resident 
Dean and chairman of the "Building Advisory Sub-
Committee for Third College Resident Halls ." The 
committee is currently meeting every Thursday with 
representatives of the newly apPointed architectural 
firm, Worley K. Wong, Ronald G. Brocchinl and 
Associates, which is designing the project. Third 
College resident students currently live in the 
Matthews campus dorms. 

Consisting of three Third College students and 
seven members of the UCSD executive staff , the 
committee Is, according to Tafoya, " enlightening 
the architect " as to their wishes for the college. 

$2,730,000 will be spent of the first stage of 
housing which will accomodate 250 students . 
Future increments of housing will be built over a five 
year period to accomodate the on-campus housing 
needs of the permanent Third College student body 
of 2,000. The completed project will accomodate 750 
students and will cost at total of $9 ,000,000. 
Located, according to Tafoya, "in the shadow of the 
Central Library," the Third College site will occupy 
35 acres, 11 more than Muir does at present. 

"Our intention is that boarding students become 
as private individuals as they want by living in their 
own total care housing . We will not have dorms, in 
other words ," continued Tafoya. 

Th is goal will be accomplished by arranging 56 
four student apartments and 26 one student 
apartments in two story clusters of five or Six 
buildings. Each two or three c lusters will share 
adjacent parking . The wood frame buildings will 
have open exterior balconies much like the dorms at 
Matthew Campus . 

The housing will be built to blend into the 
surrounding hills and trees. As far as possible, the 
cyprus groves at the site will be preserved . Tafoya 
hopes the campus will have a "country atmosphere, 
spacious, leisurly, and uncrowded; far from the 
cement at Mu ir and Revelle." There will be at least 
100 square yards of commons lawn in the project. 

In addition to student housing, the project will 
include a three bedroom house for the Resident 
Dean, laundry fac ilities, general storage areas for 
students, and a Post Office and mailroom. 

Food service facilities will include a snack bar and 
food preparation area . A lounge/ meeting room , 
recreational soaces, notions store and Resident 
Dean's offices will be included in the central student 
facilities . 

Parking for 200 cars and 50 bicycle racks along 
with two half basketball facilities will also be 
provided. 

Each four student apartment will contain two 
single bedrooms, a double room, a living/dining 
area, a kitchen and a bathroom . The bedrooms will 
have completely moveable wardrobes, desks, beds 
and shelving. One wall will be wood to allow tacking 
and each room will have Individually controlled 
electric/radial heating . The kitchens will have drop-
in ranges, refrigerators , and garbage disposals . 

The 26 single apartments will have a bedroom, 
bath and kitchenette. 

Analysis of Watergate Women's Center Planned 
News analyst William Winter is scheduled to talk 

on "The Story Behind Watergate : Implications for 
the Future" at UCSD Friday evening, Nov. 9. 

The program is sponsored by UCSD Exte.nsio~ and 
begins at 7 p.m. in Room 2100 of the BaSIC SCience 
Building of the School of Medicine. 

News analyst William Winter is scheduled to talk 
on "The Story Beh ind Watergate : Implications for 
the Futur8" at UCSD Extension and begins at 7 p.m. 
in Room "2100 of the Basic Science Building of the 
School of Medicine. 

Answers to three main questions tell the story 
behind Watergate , according to Winter. Those 
questions are : How could It happen? What does it 
mean? and What are we going to do about it? 

Just punishing the people involved , he says, 
won't be enough: "We need to correct the con-
ditions which permitted all this to happen." 

Some updating of the constitution may be 
needed , he says , in order to make the checks and 
balances system work. 

Before the Watergate investigations exploded , the 
presidency was coming close to a dictatorship, with 
"an inordinate amount of power concen trated in the 
executive, who was beyond the reach of Congress 
and unrestrained by the courts ," he points out. 

The speaker has practiced law and was a news 
reporter for the CBS and ABC radio and television 
networks for over 25 years . 

He edits a twice-monthly private newsletter, 
William Winter Comments, which presents his 
analyses of current world affairs , has taught 
journalism , and currently teaches a course in in-
terpretation of news events for UCLA Extension . 

During World War II and the Korean War he was a 
foreign correspondent for Overseas News Agency . 

Most of his newsletters this year have focused on 
Watergate and related issues. The attendant 
research , in the form of interviews and study, and 
his background , make him particularly well 
equ ipped to offer views on today's national scene. 

There is a fee of $6 for the lecture. Early 
registraticn is recommended. Please call the Ex-
tension f)ff ice, 453-2000, extension 2061, for 
enrollment Information . 

- " CDllfMllfATllII DIIEl 
6t Jcn 14"' 11 

Page 2 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

The Women's Center 
Coalition is not a political 
group , but more of a club . 
The group has all kinds --
women from Revelle , 
Muir , Third College , 
Scripps, the UCSD Ex-
tens,ion , Counseling and 
Psycholog ical Services, 
The Birth Control Clinic , 
and more. So far there are 
only thirty or forty 
members and the 
meeting s consist of an 
occasional lunch 
gathering . Still In the very 
early stages of 
organization , the 
Coalition is concentrating 
on efforts for a Women 's 
Center . 

The proposed Center 
would be the locus of 
vocational and personal 
counseling for women , an 
office providing in-
formation and literature of 
particular interest to 
women in this period of 
social change , and a 
basis for generating 
activities of special in-
terest to women students. 
Most importantly , it 
would be an identifiable 
place where women could 
feel " comfortable" about 
dropping in or seeking 
ad vice or ' servi ces. 
Recognizing that 
traditional patterns of 
SOCialization have 
generally led to a certain 

timidity, and uncertainty 
in women, the coalition 
sees the Center as a place 
where women might more 
easily seek special help 
and services. The Center 
will offer information and 
refe rrals to those 
students who otherwise 
might not have the 
knowledge or willingness 
to seek them. 

The Women 's Center 
would also offer sport 
cou rses directed toward 
women, such as self 
defense, legal rights, and 
employment op-
portunities. It would serve 
also as an impetus In 
acquiring accredited 
courses at UCSD such as 
Poetry and Literature of 
Women and Women's 
History . Women ' s Art 
Shows and film series 
could be held there. The 
Center would be in-
valuable as a source of 
information about ser-
vices and activities for 
women on campus and In 
the city of San Diego . 

If you are interested in 
joining the Women 's 
Center Coalition, bring 
your lunch to the THIRD 
COLLEGE RECREATION 
HALL on Thursday at 
noon . It's lots of fun , and 
a great way to meet 
people and make friends. 

Seminar on Civilans 
in Vietnam 

This Wednesday , 
November 7, the Revelle 
Guest-In-Residence 
Committee, and the 
Office of Religious Af-
fairs , in conjunction with 
the American Friends 
Service Committee, are 
pleased to announce a 
slmlnar being presented 
by Ms. Dorothy, on the 
topic of the rehabilitation 
of Vietnamese civilians in 
the ongoing conflict In 
Southeast Asia. 

Ms. Weller Is a physical 
therapist who has spent 
five years In South 
Vietnam , working at the 

American Friends Service 
Committee rehabil itation 
hospital In Quang Ngai 
province. She will present 
slides and recordings of 
her experl ences In 
Vietnam , with emphaSis 
on the effects of the 
continuing warfare on the 
civilians. 

Ms . Weller will be 
speaking in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge (In back 
of the Revelle Cafeteria, 
on the south side) from 11 
a.m. to 2 p.m. tomorrow . 
The University community 
Is cordially Invited to 
bring a lunch 

Affirmative Action News 
by Rich Pool 

The Health , 
Education and Welfare 
Department has the power 
to withhold money from a 
school which does not 
have as high a percentage 
of m inority group em-
ployees in any depart-
ment as are available for 
such work throughout the 
country. Some individuals 
would claim such 
compulsion is not needed 
at UCSD ; administrators 
of hiring here claim fair 
representat ion of all races 
and both sexes on the 
un i vers i ty payro II. 

The UCSD Affirmative 
Action Program decides 
how many people of any 
racial group need to be 
hired for each job and 
tries to fill the positions 
as they become available 
with a member of the 
u r:lderrepresented 
minority . The program 
relies on data from the 
Census Bureau and the 
Labor Market Analyst in 
San Diego to determine 
where the university's 
percentage of minorities 
differs from the national 
percentage. 

The University defines a 
minority as any non-white 
person and women. The 
function of the Af -
firmative Action (A .A.) 
Program is also to explain 
whatever unfair ratios 
exist. 

A.A. now uses several 
means to increase the 
number of minority and 
women employees at 
UCSD . While hiring 
necessarily remains on 
the basis of qualification, 
minority and women job 
applicants are actively 
sought after. While there 
are many women qualified 
for faculty positions , they 
must be located; there 
are few members of 
minority groups trained 
as professors. 

In order to increase the 
number of available 
cand I dates for facul ty 
positions, an effort is 

being made to recruit 
minorities and women 
into the graduate 
programs, with the San 
Di ego Fellowship 
Foundation providing 
some of the needed 
financial support . 

The A.A. Plan also calls 
for a fair minority 
representat ion of un-
dergraduate students . 
The un ivers ity is 
providing on-the-job 
training of people for staff 
jobs they traditionally 
have never held , such as 
training women as 
electricians. Adequate 
finances for this program 
are lacking. . 

The results of the A.A. 
Program over the last few 
years have been hear-
tening to those involved 
with the program , though 
they admit that to 
minorities and women, 
the progress seems 
hardly satisfactory . 
According to ad-
ministration numbers, 
over the last three years, 
of the 175 new full-time 
faculty appointments to 
UCSD, 17% were women 
and 22% were minorities. 
Presentl y, 10% of the full -
time faculty are minority 
members and 6% are 
women. 22 % of the 
graduate students are 
women and 20% of the 
undergraduates are of 
minorities. The per-
centage of minorities 
employed in nonacademic 
staff jobs has risen fro m 
18 % two years ago to 
22%. 

Clearly, the Affirmative 
Action Plan is making 
progress . The Chancellor 
of UCSD, W.O. MoElroy, 
as overseer of A.A. ac-
tivities, hopes the effort 
expended now will 
eventually Ingrain the Idea 
of fair employment of all 
minority groups and 
women into the hir ing 
system , obviating such 
compulsion as that of 
HEW. 

Meeting for Revelle 
Transfers 

By Hannah Cohen 
On Wednesday , 

November 7 at 4 p.m. In 
the Humanities Library, 
Annex Room 1449, there 
will be a meeting for all 
those students who 
transferred to Revelle this 
Fall quarter. 

The meeting will focus 
primarily on academic 
and vocational ad -
visement. Nancy Groves , 

academic counselor at 
Revelle, will be there to 
answer questions con-
cerning classes • this 
quarter and next. 

Ernie Mort , Dean of 
Revelle College , Mary 
Dhooge , Ass is tant 
College Dean, and Dr. 
Bob Cananough , 
counselor at Revelle , will 
also be there to answer 
questions . 

Maybe the way to change the world 
is to join a large corporation. 
We don't make a lot of noise, but this is where it's 

really happening. You see, a large corporation like Kodak has 
the resources and the skill to make this world a little more de-
cent place to live. And we intend to do what we can to see 
that this is exactly what happens. 

Thke our home city, Rochester, New York for exam-
ple. We cut water pollution in the Genesee River by using 
natural bacteia to dispose of unnatural wastes. We cut air 
pollution by using electrostatic precipitators in a new com-
bustible waste disposal facility. We helped set up a black 
enterprise program in downtown Rochellter, and we've been 
experimenting with film as a way to train both teachers and 
students-including some students who wouldn't respond to 
anything else. 

And we didn't stop with Rochester. Kodak is involved 
in 47 countries all over the world. Actively involved. 

Why? Because it's good business. Helping to clean 
the Genesee River not only benefits society ... but helps pro-
tect another possible source for the clean water we need to 
make our film. Our combustible waste disposal facility not 
only reduces pollution ... but just about pays for itself in 
heat and power production and silver recovery. Our black 
enterprise program not only provides an opportunity for the 
economically disadvantaged ... but helps stabilize communi-
ties in which Kodak can operate and grow. And distributing 
cameras and /Urn to teachers and students not only helps 
motivate the children .. . but help create a whole new market. 

In short, it's simply good business. And we're in busi-
ness to make a profit. But in furthering our business interests, 
we also further society's interests. 

And that's good. After all, our business dePlmds on 
society. So we care what happens to it. 

Kodak 
More than a business. 

Page 3 Triton Times, November 6, 



N.O.W. Convention 
problell and It Is at the root of most of her 

psychol~lcal disorders. It Is the essential difficulty 
In coping with problems of employment, education, 
even marriage." 

It is NOW's goal to override women's 
"powe ·Itasness" through the reformation of laws 
which previously had pre~nted women from 
exercising their rights and prlvlledges as human 
beings. 

This year, Peggy Budd, president of San Diego's 
NOW, chapter stated that over 130 bills were In-
troduced Into the state senate. Although few of 
these bill s have become laws, they represent 
stepping stones to the eventual procurement of laws 
and revisions of laws giving women equal rights and 
opportunities as men. 

Among the bills which have been slgn'ed into law 
In California Is bill SB 569, a marital partnership law, 
effective January 1, 1974. The law will give wife and 
husband equal control "of all property acquired. after 
marriage." " Either wife or husband will be able to 
bind the community property or dispose of it 
without the approval of the other, except for 
community real property , such as a residence." 
(NOW NEWS oct. 15, 1973). 

The much debated question of giving cred it to 
married women has now been hopefully resolved by 
bi ll A3312 signed Into law, wh ich prohibits denial of 
credit to married women if her earn ings are com-
parable to that of a man's who would receive credit. 

The LA Times recently printed an article which 
described many of the discriminatory policies of 
banks in their extension of credit to women . It was 
shown how many women of high financial status 
were being denied credit due to their sex. 

Feminists and members of NOW predict the 
enforcement of the new credit law will not be easy 
due to the past and present reluctance of many 
banks to change their credit policies. 

Convention Resolutions 
Sixteen resolutions, emerging from the various 

workshops and Interest groups were stated at the 
convention. Among the resolutions, which were 
basically center.ed around Improvements in area of 
social concern , such as poverty, childcare, welfare, 

and education, were resolutions on the Im-
peachment of Nixon and Proposition One. 

NOW's decision to pledge Itself to the Im-
peachment of Nixon partly results from the 
presidents alleged anti-feminist stand on the 
abortion Issue, his purported refusal to support 
care center plans, his alleged perpetuation of 
sexism, racism, and ageism during his term In 
office, and his opposition to the proposed hike In 
minimum wage. 

The organization reported Its opposition to 
Proposition One as due to · their concem for Its 
possible negative effect on state programs for the 
poor and disabled, and job training programs for 
women. Although the proposal would cut taxes, It 
would place greater limits on what can be spent In 
the areas previously mentioned. 

Other NOW Ooals 
The original goals of NOW have since been 

broadened to Include revision of marriage, divorce 
and family laws, and of college admission quotas; 
procurement of equal wages for women In various 
political positions; and dissolvement of the 
distorted image of women as presented and ex-
plOited in the media. 

NOW's original goals involve giving women the 
supposed legal right to control her own reproductive 
life either through contraceptives or abortion , 
equal opportunities in employment , and the 
national adoption of the policy giving women paid 
maternity leaves. Other NOW concerns revolve 
around revisions of various welfare laws giving 
women equal Insurance and retirement benefits as 
men, and changes In discriminatory tax laws. 

Although the preceding goals merely capsule the 
entire picture of NOW, they present sufficient 
evidence as to the wiaespread vision the members 
of this organizat ion possess. This viSion Is not 
meant to solely Improve women's position In 
society, though this does constitute the main thrust 
of the organization, but to also improve on tlJ-ose 
social problems which effect all members of our 
society. 

"Human, not Female" 

NOW is an organizatlon 'for both men and women . 
Many of the bUls being introduced to various state 
senates in the country have been written and/or 
sponsored by men. Assembly man Henry Waxman 

of Callfomla sponsored the credit law previously 
deacrtbed, and the bill for equal control of property 
acquired after marriage was supported by State 
Senator Mervyn Dynally of California who fought for 
the law for three years. 

Toni Carlblllo quite effectively stated the picture 
of women In NOW, depicting them not simply as 
being women llberatlonlsts, bra burners or men 
haters, but as people who have "Asserted their right 
to be themselves." 

In her October 29th speech Carlbilio stated, "We 
have, in fact, abandoned all the old models and are 
creating our own new definition of ,womanhood, 
with the emphasis on being human, not female." 

Course on Lobbying 
UCSD E)(tenslon will offer a short course on 

public interest lobbying the weekend of Nov. 17-18. 
Its title Is "Lobbying: The Fine Art of Influencing 
Government." 

A number of legislators and professional lob-
byists are slated as speakers. 

Any interested person is welcome to enroll in the 
course, which has been designed by public relations 
special ist Herb' Fredman to teach skills and 
strategies of effective lobbying. 

Elected officials who will speak are Congressman 
Lionel van Oeerlin , City Councilman Jim Bates, 
Assemblyman Bill Craven , and the County 
Supervisor Dick Brown . 

Lobbyists on the program are Robert Fellmeth , a 
former associate of Ralph Nader and author of the 
Nader study of land in California ; Scott Harvey , a 
legislative representative for the City of San Diego ; 
Robert Smith , lobbyist for Common Cause in 
Sacramento ; Maryolive Shoupe, lobbyi st for 
Common Cause in San Diego ; Bud Porter , a. 
freelance lobbyist who represents private clients ; 
and Bill Press, lobbyist for the Planning Con-
servation League in Sacramento . 

Course coordinator Fredman has over 40 years of 
experience in the communications field and the area 
of poiitlcal campaign management . 

Class sessions will get underway at 9:30 a.m . 
both Saturday and Sunday In the Humanities Library 
Auditorium on UCSO's Revelle Campus. 

Registration fee for the course is $10. Please 
telephone 453-2000, extension 2061 for further 
Information about enrollment . 

"Home Grown" Album 
"Home Grown" 

musical selections about 
San Diego County 
communities, written by 
talented but generally 
unknown local musicians, 
are helping the 1973 
United Way campaign . 

In a unique and 
imaginative pro(notlon, 
Radio Station KGB -- in a 
single stroke -- is aiding 
the community'S largest 
and most comprehensive 
fund campaign, giving 
recognition to a dozen 
musical groups , and 
providing record pur-
chasers wi th an op-
portun Ity to buy what may 
become a choice 
collector's item in years 
to come. 

Proceeds from the sale 
of "The KGB Home Grown 
Album ," available now at 
record stores throughout 
the county , will help the 
nearly 80 non-profit 
human care agencies 
supported by United Way. 

The idea of a " Home 
Grown " album was 
conceived by KGB 
program executives Ron 

Jacobs and Rick Liebert 
as a replacement for the 
proposed second benefit 
rock concert which had 
been planned for San 
Diego Stadium. 

The event which raised 
$26,000 for United Way 
last year, was cancelled 
because of stringent fire 
department regulations . 

The station had 
received and played a new 
novelty single record , 
"Chula Vista," on its early 
morning show. Reaction 
was so good that the 
station 's morning disc 
jockey, Cap'n Billy , asked 
listeners to send in other 
original songs about 
county communities . 

Response , in the 
station 's words , was 

~'nothing short of over-
whelming! " In all , nearly 
150 sqngs were submitted 
and the twelve best were 
chosen for inclusion in 
the new album . 

Titles include "Mission 
Bay Boogie," " Encanto 
Rag ," " Spring Valley 
Sally," " Funky Santee, . 
and "La Jolla Sunset. " 

Artists represented in 

the album are a c 
section of the San 0 
musical commun ity. 
Some are professional 
m u SIC I a n s , at he rs 
consider music as a 
hobby. Some work fu~ 
time, others just 
evenings or wee 
Critics say that 
the case , it's all 
music and it's all 

~iego . 
In addition to 

musical selections, 
also requested d 
for an album 
design . Of the 
submitted , a cha 
drawing of San 
the 1890's by arch i 
student Rick F 
was chosen . 

Copies of 
Grown ," priced at 
can be obtained at 
4141 Pacific Hig 
Tower Records , 
Sports Arena Bo 
and at five Wnorphnlls 
locations at 6325 EI 
Blvd., 1414 Garnet, 
Fletcher Parkway, 5th 
H, Chula Vista ; an d 

. Camino Real Sh 
Center, Carlsbad . 

Den tal School 

UCSD Student Participates in Show Production 
Two young Southern Callfomla Artists, MARCIA 

HIGGINS and JIM CHRISTENSEN, are combining 
their energies to produce a dual-artists show, which 
which opens November 12, 1973 at the Triad Gallery 
with a reception from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m., open to the 
public. Their works will be on view until December 2. 

and the shadows cast by them of slmp:lfied shapes 
such as rose petals. 

. The cloisonne work is set off well by Jim's large 
011 paintings . Since graduating from the University 
of California at Santa Barbara, Jim has had a 
number of shows , three of these being in the San 
Diego area. His paintings are an Ingenious com-
bination of fantasy and reality. The reality is visible 
in the representational forms which are central to 
~he painting; while an element of fantasy manifests 
Its!31f through the environment In which the object or 
objects are placed. Jim might place a real object, for 
example a mirror, In an abstract yellow en-
vironment .. . The ambiguity of this open space 
Imputes neither a definite temporal nor a specific 
spatial location to the object, but rather invites the 
Imagination of the viewer to be an activ~ participant 
In plaCing the representational form Into a definite 
spatial-temporal location. Two or three ·of the newer 
pieces combine these element~ to produce a very 
subtle, SOCial-environmental commentary which we 
may see being carried into future works . 

Marcia studied cloisonne and goldsmlthlng at the 
University of California, San Diego and has been in 
numerous shows in and around the San Diego area 
In the past three years. Two of these shows were 
entirely devoted to the exhibition of cloisonne 
pieces. In cloisonne thin partitions are placed on a 
metal base, and the areas between them are brushed 
with enamel colors. These / enamels are finely 
ground glass which In some pieces creates a rich 
translucent surface, giving depth to the color areas. 
The imagery in Marcia's works has a variety of 
sources . While some pieces are representative of 
6th century Roman pieces, most of the designs are 
Marcia's own, inspired by forms seen in Nature. In 
these Marcia is interested in both the natural forms 

Economist 
Assails 

'Myth' 
LOS ANGELES-A 

leading U.S. econemist , a 
fo rmer economic advisor 
to President Eisenhower 
and public member of the 
Pay Board , denied "the 
noti on that this country 
has become a corporate 
state ," in a speech at 
UCLA. 

"The idea that giant 
corpo rat ions 'dominate' 
our society is pure myth ," 
Professor Neil H. Jacoby 
of UCLA's Graduate 
School of Management 
told a Un iversity and 
busi ness audience at-
tendi ng the first of eight 
presentations in UCLA's 
new Major Issues Lec-
tures Series. 

"The Un i ted States is 
not now, and is not 
becoming , 'a corporate 
economy' in the sense 
that big business ctlr-
po rations dom Inate 
American soc lety," 
Jacoby declared In his 
talk t itled "Myths of the 
Corporate Economy." 

"Our country has a 
heterogeneous economy 
with respect to the sizes 
and types of its en-
terpri ses , and is a 
plura li stic SOCiety with 
~espect to the number and 
power of its institutions. 

Trucking isn't just for truck 
drivers. 

It's also for· college graduates. 
The American trucking industry is 

a vast, complex, sophisticated trans-
portation network. A network that moves 
almost anything you can think of. Almost 
anyplace you can think of. 

And to keep things running smoothly, it 
needs people. All kinds of people. From 
computer analysts to cost accountants. 
Traffic controllers to communications 
specialists. People like you. 

In return, trucking offers 
you good pay. 

Plus a chance to grow fast 
and go as high as you want to. 
Because trucking is booming. And 
it's already the largest and fastest 
growing segment of the transportation 
industry. So you can start to contribute 
some mighty important things to the 
cause. Now. Not ten years from now. 

How do you start a career in th is 
dynamic business? . 

It's easy, if you know where to look. 
First, try your placement office. See if 
there are any trucking concerns in-
terviewing. Next, check out your college 
placement manual for names and ad-
dresses. Finally, look to the surrounding 
area for companies in operation. 

Find out for yourself what a great 
career trucking can be. Even if you 
don't drive. 

our professional color-striped sport sock 
The perfe t sock for every sport, from basketball to bicyc ling 
... or w hatever else you get your feet i nto. In Hi -Bulk Orion 
acrylic and stretch nylon for super comfort and stay-up-ability . 
long weari ng. White with contrasting stripe combinations. 
One size fi ts 10- 13. The EquipeTM by Burlington Socks/Adler. 
men's hosiery 1 27 - all 21 slores pr. 2.00 

California Western 
School of Law 

will hold a meeting 
for all interested 
minority students 
November 8, 1973 -

Meeting 
At 3rd 

"Corporate economic 
po wer is effectively 
con strained by market 
competition. Corporate 
polit ical power is ef-
fectively countervailed by 
the power of labor unions 
far m organizations : 
professional societies 
and a host of consumerist 
and environmentalist 
bl ocs . Social pluralism Is 
on the rise. It is time to rid 
Ou r minds of the myths of 
corporate elephantiasis 
and of corporat~ 
eConomic and political 
omnipotence . These 
Concepts are false and 
distorted caricatures of 
the true nature of the 
American economy." 

JaCOby noted that there 
Representatives fro are more than five million 

the UCSF Dental established bUSiness 
will b·e visiting enterprises In the U.S., 
College to discuss and that for more than 
portunlties aval half a century the ratio of 
especially for m enterprises to population 

11'.i, 
AMERlCXS PREMIER RADIAL TIRE MAKER. 

B.F.GoOClrlch ha. brought you Ihll m .... g. b.caull 
w.·r. proud to be I part ollh. Amerlc.n trucking 
IndUilry. And. u a major dlv.toper 01 r.dl.1 

MAyea 

Page 4 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

12:00 noon 
Revelle formal lounge 

All interested students are encouraged to attend. 

students. This mR''''''_ has remained stable at 
will take place Thu about 1 to 40. More than 
November 8,10 a.m. 11 million Americans 
p.m. In the Third Col report income from self-
Conference Room 
Building 412, Mat Continued on page 15 
Campus. 

Iruck Ur ••. torllla.tlc aprlng8, caliper dl.c 
brlk .. Ind Ikld control IYIIIIIII. we know our future 
d.velopmenll - and tho .. Ollh. trucking Indultry -
will depend on Pl09le Ilk. you. 

Extension Seminar 
The Urban Affairs 

department of UCSD 
Extension will welcome 
members of the news 
media at a "Seminar In 
Effective DeciSion 
Making " Friday , 
November 9, 1973. 

The meeting place is 
the Vista Recreation 
Community Center, 160 
Recreation Drive, Vista. 

Seminar participants 
will be c it izens who 
volunteer their time to 
serve on boards and 
commissions, and ci ty 
and county agency staff 
people. The idea behind 
the seminar program 
(actually a series , 

schedu led Oct. '73 - Feb. 
'74) is that since " board-
smanship is hard work ." i t 
should also be reward ing 
to those who do it , as.well 
as benef ici al to the 
commun ity. Focus of the 
series is improvement of 
deci sion -mak ing and 
communicat ion sk ills 
needed at the l oca l 
govern ment level. 

The program Friday will 
be from 8 :30 a.m. to 5 
p.m. It is suggested that 
the morning seSSion , a 
decision-making exerc ise 
for the city of "Euphoria 
Heights ," may be most 
interest ing , from 8 : 30 
a.m. or 10 a.m. to noon. 

Page S Trtton Tlr:nes , November 6, 1973 



The .«lItorial which appear, below has been ap-
proved tthe Triton Tlm.s Editorial board. All other 
oplnlOl'l expressed on this page are those of the 
authors hose names appear In the bylines, and do 
not nooessarily express the views of the Triton 
Times 

Freedom Of The Press 
The .- irst Amendment to the Constitution of the 

United States reads in part thusly: "Congress shall 
make no law .. . abrldging the freedom of speech, or 
of the press ... " That is, no power or person In the 
United States has any legal ability through which 
attempts to suppress the viewpoints of others may 
be made. 

Recently , the Triton Times has been accused of 
the irresponsible exercise of its right to publish. 
However, we believe that many of these accusations 
have been levelled purely by passion and not by fact . 
Let us attempt to explicate this point. 

There appear to be two distinct types of reality 
present in the world which bear directly upon the so 
called rights, privileges and responsibilities to 
publ ish . These two realities may be labelled 
respectively : the subjective and the objective 
reality: By subjective reality is meant the reality of 
the imaginary, of one's mind , the fiction that the 
mind creates to give the world a logical consistent 
order. Oftentimes this Imaginary reality of the mind 
has little or no basis in actual fact , but bases itself 
primarily upon the subjective beliefs and paSSions 
of Its creator. Opposed to this realm of subjective 
reality then, is the realm of objective reality , or more 
plainly , the world of fact . 

These two forms of reality may be directly applied 
to the composition of any newscaoer which 
purports to be objective. That is, objective reality 
and solely objective reality should be presented in 
those sections of a newspaper which attempt to 
divulge facts ; News, Arts and Sports should apply 
themselves primarily to the world of fact. On the 
other hand, the realm of subjective reality should 
primarily appear on the Opin ion pages . The Triton 
Times defines its responsibility to objectivity In this 
manner and sincerely believes that it is exercising 
its responsibility accurately and justly on this 
matter . 

There are those who feel that journalistic 
responsibility lies solely in the satisfaction that 
one's subjective reality should never be impinged 
upon or offended in any section of a newspaper 
whatsoever. Certainly such claims have their merit 
and validity when referring to the so called objective 
sections of the newspaper, but these same claims 
tend to lose their merit and validity when they 
impose themselves upon the Opinion section of the 
newspaper. 

Thus the crux of the responsibility wh ich the 
Triton Times feels it owes to the community on this 
matter, is one of defense of the fact that anyone is 
entitled to voice a viewpoint in the newspaper's 
Opin ion pages. ANY OTHER ACTION ON OUR 
PART WOULD ON L Y SERVE TO SUBVERT TH E 
PEOPLE'S RIGHT TO FREEDOM OF SPEECH AS 
WE WOULD UNDERSTAND IT. 

However, once again the Triton Times reiterates 
its publication policy concerning articles and letters 
submitted to the Opinion section of the paper. All 
Articles and letters submitted must bear the name 
and phone number of ali submittees . One may 
request that names be witheld on request , or that 
pseudonyms be used, but the Triton Times must 
know the true identity of all articles and letters 
submitted to us. Failure to do so will prohibit the 
article or letter from appearing. 

Granted , we have been slightly remiss in our 
policy in the past and we sincerely apologize to 
those offended by our error. Such an error will not 
occur again. 

Rerr ember, the Opinion section of the paper Is 
the UCSD community'S forum for the presentation 
of Its many diverse viewpOints . Hopefully, the 
sectio 1 will become 'a forum for thoughtful ideas 
rather than a mere appendix to " Dear Abbey". But 
the 0 ) Inion pages are only what the community 
makee them. Remember that and exercise your 
prlvile]es to present to the cUllilTounity your own 
pecul i ar subjective real ity. 

We conclude w ith a statement made by Aldous 
Huxle~ in Brave New World Revisi ted which we 
believe rather eloquently summarizes our position : 
" Many young people, it Is true , do not seem to value 
freedom . But some of us still believe that , wi thout 
freedom , human beings cannot become fully human 
and that Ireedom is therefore supremely valuable. 
Perhaps the forces that now menace freedom are too 
strong to be resisted for very long . It is still our duty 
to do whatever we can to resist them ." 

Page 6 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

'CAN ANYBODY TELL ME WHO THE WINNUS ARE?' 

Impeachment and Walking 
by Doug Blagdon 

Impeachment 

Recently, in response to massive allegations, 
much evidence, a long time pattern of lawles'sness 
and current outrageous behaviour by Richard Nixon, 
Waldie introduced a resolution of Impeachment . It 
will be Wald ie who will carry the resolution In the 
Judiciary Committee and on the floor of Congress. 

Waldie felt compelled to take this action when 
Nixon fired special prosecutor Archibald Cox. ' By 
firing Cox, Nixon "made it perfectly clear" that' he 
would not allow an unbiased Investigation of the 
issues by the Department of Justice. It was therefore 
necessary that Congress move to take over that 
investigation and restore confidence in the 
government by a constitut ional method that will 
resolve the issures, im peachment. 

The public response to the firing was truly 
overwhelming. A plurality of the people polled (43-
42%) believed Nixon should be impeached and a 
majority (51 %) believed both that he should resign 
and that he had " lost touch with reality ". Once the 
Americ.an people have taken such drastic positions, 
they Will not change them . As a result , Nixon can 
only go down to lower depths. 

The legal case for impeachment is well set out in 
The Impeachment of Richard Nixon by Richard Lurie 
(Berkley Medallion Books , N.Y., 951) . It demon-
strates Nixon's pattern of behaviour since 1948, the 
evidence of a massive conspiracy, and clear cut 
evidence of specifiC acts by Nixon, himself , that 
should demand impeachment. 

Impeachment is a political as well as judicial 'act 
and the poltical case is also overwhelming. Unless 
one is capable of reading the President 's mind 
(rational analYSis seems impossible), it is not clear 
if the "Great Middle East Missle Confrontation" 
came about to help Nixon 's populailty or because 
the Russians thought Nixon might be too weak to 
act. If the first is true, Nixon must be impeached 
from a position where he could "push the button" to 
save his own neck . If the second is true, then Nixon 
must be impeached so that the Russians will not 
" push the button" because they think he cannot act . 
Walking 

It is only right that the fight for impeachment be 
led by Jerry Waldie . He and his campaign represent 
a philosophy diametrically opposed to the power 

triton tiDl.es 
" 1'ht' mflrl' 1 know Hf lX'O.,,,- , I Ii(' 1110((' I 

"njo~ i lUlntJsh's " Will ( ..... 1(·1' 

EdItor In OIIeI ... Oavid Buchbinder N .... Depon ... 1 AMI Depon ..... 1 
Lee Burk. Rue Hinton 

CIty Edttor ..................... Greg Hick. Joan Guwood Chuleo Hydo 

M-alno Edtt... .. .. Michael S8.."a ~!I'::t..r :'Ia~·~:"'" 
,,- Edtt G S Cl\arUe Helmler Gree Leo""nI 
........ or ............ . James . oto John Taylor Mindy Scott 
.. 01_ ......... ... Nancy Mancino Holly Hlueman Mike Thom .. 

RoberU IIeIIn Ani ... 
Editorial DlIWCtOl ...... Mark McCarty Richard Pool Cor1lY Ca ... 

Bu .... e .. Oe,.nmett' Mike TtIomu 
Art. EclllO! ................. L.ry Deckel RoIlort Broynste!n S,.,u O' ... r1m .. 1 
Sport. Editor ................ e,ic Rai"e.. Donna Vanamoto TrMark Ulkll

ol . Rue Hinton ocy Bert ""CO 
ScI..- EdItor ......... ......... Bob Nau Larry Baldwin 

Prod_ Klr1o: Robinoon 
Photog,""", Ecltor ... Malcolm Smith ::~~.r 
s..m.y ..................... Corinne Cae •• Gloria SI.minskl 

Makolm Smith 
_te .. City Edt..... .. .. Rick Drom P.~ Cilli. 

Hlnnah Cohen Copy R .. ...,. 
Marla Puente 

AMt. Bu",,*, MaMger .. Remon Rub Dobbie Perl .... 

Secrdarlal "" .. UN 
C.mllle Cae .. 
Klthy Cox. P-.,.,.y 
David Hurat 
Larry Wlnn 
Seott Theyer 
Michael CI ........ 

The TRITON TIMES II offlclilly rllCognlud al I I tudent 
n __ ""p.' by the Communication BOlrd of the Unlv .... lty of 
Cillfornla. Sin Diego. Building 2111. M.tth.w, C.mp .... U 
Jolle . Cllffornle 92CX17. Publlcltlon I, twice weekly on Tuelde.,. 
Ind FrldaV • . Offlc" Ir. loclted In Room 117. Bllke HIli. 
Reville Clmpu • . For edvertl,lng phone~. 0' _21000, X 
1017; lor edltoolel or newl phone X 10M. 

politics represented by Ehrlichman , Haldeman , 
Kissinger and Nixon . It is the people oriented 
philosophy and the cam paig n organization that put 
together the campaign of Eugene McCarthy, and the 
primary effort of George McG~ern . 
It was an educatllonal experience for middle class 
whites like Jerry Waldie and me. It is an education 
that Nixon and Reagan obviously lack. 

I walked with Jerry from the white collar suburb of 
Torrance, through the blue-collar city of Gardena, 
into the 90% black inner city of Compton and Watts. 

As we walked we encountered not only the 
problems of the area, but the hope, determination 
and effort of the people to overcome these 
problems . 

All this obviously moved Waldie and he talked 
about it for the rest of the walk . More Important 
when he alked In Encino he said the exact same 
things he said in Compton . Even more important is 
the commitment he has formed to help the people in 
Compton and Watts who are working to Improve the 
situation . 

Waldie has become the cutting edge of ,the 
movement to restore American democracy. He can 
only be successful if individuals who believe the 
same things he does make their efforts felt . One 
thing you can do is write him at the Congressional 
Office Building . Although Jerry wants to answer all 
mail personally, you might just become part of his 
mail count. But mail count is important on th is 
issue since it reflects popular opinion and Congress 
will be moved by it. 

The other thing you can do is plan fo work for him 
in the primary. 

\Nee\C.et\O COMING 
~n\S TO SAN DIEGO 

THEBEATLES 
AWA Y WITH WORDS 

The World's t:argest Traveling Multi-M edia Show 

IN S~N DIEGO'S ACOUSTICALLY PERFECT 
El CORTEZ CENTURY AUDITORIUM 

Nov. 9th , 10th, & 11th 
Frl. & Sat : 3 shows nltely at 7 p.m. & 10 p.m., and 

A SPECIAL 11 p.m. 
FREAK SHOW BOTH NITES 

ADV. TICKETS - $3.25 AT DOOR-$3.75 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT ALL TICKETRON 

LOCATIONS 
lander mens' stores . 

Nixon Must Survive 
by }Jmes G. Solo 

Our troubled nation enters a new crisis as Nixon 
and Congress once again lock into their eternal 
con flict. I am dlstrubed by the irrat ional antics of 
our President , his most active opponents, and our 
citizens. 

The recent actions of the President in regards to 
Watergate have been siezed upon as rationale for his 
impeachment. This is the great tragedy . Nixon 's 
poliCies , breeding disaster abroad and increasing 
the moral vacuum at home, have been hardly 
touched upon by those who claim to be advocates of 
a Nixonlan eclipse. 

The President 's bungling of his own 
housecleaning is a weak excuse for the Initiation of 
impeachment proceedings against the most 
oowerful and important Individual In the world . With 
due respect and humility fettOJN citizens , I should 
hope to propose that every president be allowed one 
or two major snafus such 'is Watergate or Teapot 
Dome in order to stir the sterile minds of our im-
potent congress . 

Congress , claims those patriotic dreamers (the 
author not excluded), is supposedly responsible for 
legislation, Yet in the past score of years , or so , our 
congress has watched idly as the executive and 
judiciary branches Initiate virtually all the programs, 

Hurry Up, Please It's Time 
by Mason Powell 

Some of you may have noticed the recent deluge 
of posters put up on our campus Monday evening , 
October 29 . The larger ones were composed of very 
fine paper, resembling washable wallpaper in 
texture. They were multicolored, and one of them 
said , "For Israel , every test is a final ," apparently 
trying to appeal to the college crowd . What is the 
purpose of such posters? The posters are part of a 
mass attempt to hide from the American public the 
role of Israel as an agent for the U.S. and NATO to 
bring strategically important territories in the Near 
East , rich in oil , back into the domain of the Western 
Powers. 

Annoyed by these attempts to use the resources 
01 a university for reactionary , well-financed 
propaganda, in a fit of bravado I tore one down . Am I 
now to be censured by Walter Kohn , the ad-
ministration, and the suppressors of "Jack Sage," of 
days (recently) gone by? Perhaps. But may I stress 
that I was merely exercising my constitutionally 
guaranteed right of free speech . 

How else am I to compete with the very well -
financed, poster-bearing pro-Israel i forces in San 
Diego? Indeed , how does any cause without 
financial backing make its cause known? If we 
cannot afford to effectively answer these. reactionary 
posters, what other course do we have but to remove 
the posters put up by the OPPOSition? How else can 
we exercise free speech{and ineffective free speech 
Is, of cours&,meanlngless)? 

laws and movements in America. 
We have seen our presidents, in effect , ratify 

treaties and initiate war while Congress is satisfied 
with feeble replies of moral indignation . The 
judiciary, through their clarification of bad 
legislation and through their in 'erpretation of our 
venerable constitution , have been far more in-
strumental in initiation of public laws than the 
lederal legislature. As the courts lead the Civil 
Rights movement, determine national policy on 
constitutional problems (obscenity , free trade , etc.), 
and defend the free press, our congressmen can see 
only fit to grumble of their own lack of power. 
Congress has been a complete failure. 

Yet Nixon must be assualted for his contemptible 
administration . Only a fool could deny Nixon has 
attempted to curb free and open discussion of the 
issues. Our fore ign policy has been mediocre as 
Kissinger attempts to recreate the reaction of 
Mettern ich's world . The issues that are especially 
near and dear to Americans everywhere are those of 
economics. It is apparent that the traditional 
Repu b Ilcan-I ai ssez fai re-mag nagovernment-
magnacorporate policies have been further twisted 
by the intrusion of John Maynard Keynes's ghost. 
Perhaps citizen Nixon wishes he could emulate the 
saintly Allende. 

There are legitimate issues by which a bill of 
impeachment could be born yet these are ignored by 
most who would rather play games of legal 
pyrotechnics. As the Nixonphobics throw their 
dubious arguments , the president replies with jural 
inanities of his own . As of now, the issues are 
Clouded in a haze of constitutionalities . 

Sometimes however we can afford to put up 
posters and the like. In 1967 in San Diego enough 
money was raised to rent a billboard advertising 
opposition to the Vietnam War. All the billboard 
companies refused to rent one for that purpose. 
Were the anti-war movement rich enough , of course, 
It could have bu il t its own billboard . It was not that 
rich . Effective free speech in the U.S.A. is a 
priviledge for the rich and powerful. II is not a right 
for the poor or politically oppressed . The important 
thing to real ize is that letting everyone have his say , 
put up his posters, leaflet the campus , and put out 
his newspapers, gives an insurmountable inherent 
advantage to those who are rich and powerful. And 
this is not a good thing, and it is not free speech . 

For those of you who may try to counter my 
arguments with the pathetiC thought that the Triton 
Times publ ishing this article Is evidence 01 free 
speech in this country , it is not. Th is article cannot 
com bat the effects of all those posters. The Triton 
Times is an insignificant , powerless newspaper, 
which is why I can publish this article in it. The San 
Diego Union , in contrast, is not powerless. Neither 
is ABC (via channel 39) which covered a small rally 
in support of Israel in Revelle Plaze, but ignored the 
much bigger gatherings about Chile. Bobby Seale 
tried to exercise effective free speech and he was 
persecuted. George Jackson was murdered. Per-
secution followed Wililiam Sloane Coffin and Dr. 
Spock, the WAW, Father Philip Berrigan , and more 
locally , Peter Bohmer. Two leaders of tna A.I.M . 
movement (it sponsored Wounded Knee) have been 
murdered, at least one by the police, last October 
1B. This article is ineffective free speech , hence It is 
evidence of nothing. 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

When are we to support the president. Why do 
many of us think we have the right to impeach 
Nixon? Are we so bitter by the c.iefeat of his mal or 
opponent in 1972. We ourselves are to blame. The 
Democratic party , torn asunder by fratriCide, was 
taken over by elitists whose subsequent campaign 
was run with the eff iciency of an insane asylum . 

Nixon witi"' the ersatz euphoria 01 mandate has 
certainly gone beyond most rational bounds. But his 
tenacity and control must be admired . As Congress 
quibbles over methods and morals Nixon produces 
action . His recent move against Soviet belligerence 
in the Middle East has in fact averted a dangerous 
situation . Yet this was done during the highwater 
mark of the current crises . 

Ni)(on's impeachment at this point WOuld only 
increase nat ional polarizat ion. The most recent 
Gallup Poll showed only 28% of Americans wishing 
to see the president impeached . 55 % of the nation 
did not want him impeached . 

Our own mediocrity and incompetance should not 
justify Nixon's Impeachment. The nation over-
whelmingly elected him to the office. His major 
opponents have been a disgrace to the word op-
position . Viablealternativesand policies are needed , 
not extremist and bitter attacks on the national body 
politiC. The nation must oppose Nixon but only with 
courage and patriotism, not with petty quarrels and 
loopholes. Nixon must survive if the Nation is to 
survive. 

Letters to the Editor 
Apology 

In printing the letter by 
" A Black Woman " I 
violated the policy of only 
printing letters that are 
accompan ied by a name 
and ID number. I am sorry 
that I did so and take the 
responsibility. In the 
future the policy will be 
adhered to strictly . But if 
an author wishes to 
publish a letter under a 
pseudonym , his or her 
real name will be held in 
strict confidence . 

Mark McCarty - E. Dir. 

New Parking 
Proposal 

To the editors of the 
Triton Times : 

With reference to the 
parking proposal put forth 
by the parking office that 
students be ass igned 
spaces , I have the 
following personal 
reflections : (1) I belong to 
a car pool. The members 

don 't have classes in the 
same places , though we 
share a permit. (2) I have 
classes on 3 different 
campuses : Matthews . 
Muir, and Revelle. I park 
where my morning cl ass 
is (3) I frequently drive to 
the li brary . (4) I frequently 
have to tote heavy 
equ.ipment from one 
campus to another in my 
car . (5) Sometimes I like 
to drive to the coffee hut 
in the early morning or 
late afternoon . I happen 
to use my bike a lot on 
campus, but these ob-
jections still apply . 

The parking and driving 
arrangements at UCSD 
strike me as being 
demented . In no sense 
can the closing 01 roads 
be seen as an aid to 

.students or staff . We are 
told that " eventually " 
intercampus wheeled 
transportation will be 
provided--when? Next 
quarter? Ne)(t year? In five 
years? I wonder . 
Meanwhile, kiddies , ride 
your bikes . Never mind 
that there are no bike 
paths , that biking i s 
therefore dangerous to 
both riders and 
pedestrians and dilficu It 
between campuses . 

We buy most Merchandise below normal wholesale Prices including New, Bankruptcies still in factory 
sealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Most makes and 
models. 

Perhaps the absurdity 
of the parking 
arranQements is matched 
by the passivity of the 

-students in this regard . 

. ........ ---= 

~~~ __ ~c~.~ ... ~~.~.~ .... -
GAIIII~ 

lRiJSt easy 
'31,s terms 
.unam_ 

! 
r 

, 

I 

200 WATT & 8 TRACK 
NEW SOLID STATE COMPONENTS 

, 

I. I 
1.1 

'I/fl SUIlI IECElnl 'lIfllJ1£I. Ga_a •• a.f_.alle ~.a ••• r 
DIamond .,..dle - Fet circuitry Y" $1 61 75 
Large full range speaker system SA VI I 
Adjustable headphones, etc. _ 

FREIGHT LIQUIDATORS 

4 CHANNEL QUAD 
.11810 SOUN=D===..-a 

'~~~200 WaHl 
AM·F. 

Lay-Aways and 
m.f.U.ttl"" Trade-Ins Accepted MPX 
Save 1202" F.H .~ .""-$pHII ... 
p~::e $167.20 51 •• 5' .... , .... , .... , .... 

•• , ... ne ... n .. 

3459 EI Ca ·on Blvd. 283-6368 

We pay exorbitant sums 
to be enormously in-
convenienced . Indeed , 
until the students 
demanded , ag itated for , 
and finally instituted the 
Coast Cruiser , people 
from North County vir-
tually Jl2Q.. to drive to 
school--and pay heavily 
for the privilege. Un-
fortunately , this bus , 
friendly as it is, is still an 
in adequate and 
mechanically unreliable 
facility . The planning of 
transportation and other 
facilitie$ at UCSD lends 
the im pression 01 a 
university built in an 
inner-ci t y area where 
space is at a premium and 
parking could not be 
adequa tely provided for--
but th is is hardly the 

Again , as ~he n art icle 
mention . the problems 
of poliCing the p,()posed 
arrangement would be 

Page 7 Traton Tim s. November 6, 1973 



e Children's Theatre Production 
Parents children of all ages will be delighted 

to know that UCSD's Children's Theatre Players 
(CTP) will offer It's latest production , THE LITTLE 
PRINCE, ree to the campus commun ity this 

Novemb~r 10th and 11th: 

This year CTP has gained recogn ition as an active 
campus organization, which allows the University to 
fund Its activities . 

At present, CTP plans to expand In two direc-
tions, continued production and workshop training . 
"The Little Prtnce," adapted from the book by 
Antoine de Saint Exupery and directed by Jan 
Kriebs , will open CTP's season on November 10 and 
11 at UCSD. 

Rossellini 
Retr6spect 

Unbekll0wnst to most UCSD students, CTP is a Carrie Rickey 
' theatrica! group that has been working for three 
years now, regularly assembling shows for 
presentation to children in the San Diego area. Their 
current production of The liltle Prince marks the 
latest phase in a CTP's cont inuing development. 

CTP humbly began in 1970 with a group of 
delirious acting students wanting to do theater fo r 
children . The idea jelled under the direction of Eric 
Christmas, now director of the UCSD Theatre. 

Armed with enthusiasm and a show composed of 
short skits and participation songs , the original 
Children 's Theatre Players took their show to 
grammar schools in the area, The very positive 
responses of the schools toward the show 
establ ished the need and desirability of more 
children's theater productions. 

Scheduled for winter quarter is a fantasy about a 
witch girl who does not want to become a witch and 
a second production of classical folk tales In 
modern settings. CTP will also produce two shows 
spring quarter. 

CTP plans to set up workshops in the special 
problems of performing for children . It is hoped that 
through the workshops an exciting idea factory will 
emerge to give new directions to children's theater 
in the coming years . Times and places for the 
workshops will be announced as soon as their 
planning is complete. Shows are cast by audition 
and workshops are open to all UCSD students. 

Two free matinees of "The Little Prince" will be 
presented at 2 : 00 PM , Saturday, November 10 and 
Sunday, November 11 at the International Center 

Insisting that he was 
" just a worker and not an 
artist", Ital ian fi lmmaker 
Roberto Rossellin i an-
swered the questions of 
an assembled 350 people 
last Sunday in a personal 
appearance at UCSD 's 
Reve lle Cafeteria that 
culm inated a weekend of 
a Ro ssellini film 
retrospective and 
discussion of his f ilms , 

UCSD professor and 
f i lm criti c Mann y Farber 
introduced Rossellini to 
the audience, praiS ing 
Rossell ini films such as 

Momentum gathered the second year with CTP 
doing a repeat of the first year's show and a second 
show employing selections from " You're a Good 
Man, Chart Ie Brown ... . By this time the idea had 
established a firm foothold , not only among the 
actors and their audiences, but also among those 
who controlled the University's purse strings, 

Outdoor Stage, The show ~ __________________ L-________________________________ ~~~~~I-~=--=~ ______________ ~~~~~~~ ____ ~----------------~ 
runs about forty-five Records : Greg leonard 

Aided by a 1972 President's Undergraduate 
Fel lowship awarded to Bennett McClellan , CTP was 
able to take a large step forward by presenting two 
entirely new shows which played to audiences as 
small as eight at University Hospital , and audiences 
as large as four thousand at the Crippled Children 's 
Society's Christmas party in the Hollywood Bowl. 

minutes and appeals 
primarily to children ages 
four through ten , but of 
course anyone with a 
sense of fantasy will 
enjoy it, and is welcome 
to attend, 

Away With Words: 
A Beatles Phantasmagoria 

HOUND DOG TAYLOR AND THE HOUSEROCKERS 

HOUND DOG TAYLOR--AlIIgator 4701 : She's Gone ; 
Walking the Ceiling ; Held my Baby Last Night ; Taylor's 
Rock ; It's Alrtght; Phillip's Theme ; Wild About You 
Baby; I Just Can't Make It ; II Hurts Me Too ; 44 Blues ; 
Give Me Back My Wig ; 55th Str~t Boogie. 

I 

"This is the music that's made Hound Dog Taylor the 
most conSistently popular billesman in Chicago today"--
Wesley Race, 

Hound Dog Ta~lor and the Houserockers is a very 
exciting , thoroug Iy entertaining 40 minutes of con-
temporary Chicago blues. 

Taylor uses the unorthodox combination of Japanese 
built Telasco guitar played slide style through an old 
Fender Super-Reverb amplif ier to produce an sur-
pris ingly dynamic, effectively raunchy guitar sound. 
Coupled to this is Taylor's own strong appealing blues 
voice and his very competent back-up unit of Brewer 
Phillips second guitar and Ted Harvey, drums. 

The album's twelve selections (including five in-
strumentals) alternate between blues and boogie 
constantly maintaining a good-time atmosphere rarely 
captured on record . 

Th is album rates h igh on quality of material , 
music ians, mix (very good " live" studio sound) and 
master qual ity. 

For the blues fan with a desire for the authent ic, this 
album is a must have. 

Buy it and "have 'some fun" . 

RATED : VERY GOOD [Blues] 
JIMMY BUFFET 

A WHITE SPORT COAT AND A PINK CRUSTACEAN--
Dunhlll DSX 50150: The Great Filling Station Holdup ; 

Railroad Lady; He Went Grapefruit-Juicy Fruit ; 
Cuban Crime of Passl Don't We Get Drunk ; 
Peanut Butter Consplrac:r.I,onl't Dance Like Carmen 
No More; I Have F ; My Lovely Lady ; 
Death of an Unpopular 

I really do apprec:lalllict you're sitting hereJ 
Your voice sounds I But your face don't 
look too clear/So a pitcher, another 
round 0' brew / Hon n't we get drunk and 

This album is 
sometimes sad or 
pleasantly different. JI 
" Coral Reefers") is a 
succeed in both the 
some of the songs are 
to become bar-band 

RATED : 

THE SIEGEL-SCHWALL 

953 WEST -- Wooden 

Veteran band here 
(ragtime-blues-rock) none 
the listener, 

The recording quality 
musically cohesive , the 
album remains merely 

ETCETERAS 

-Marvin Gardens 

good, often funny , 
moving , but always 
(with his back-up The 
with the potential to 

ular markets, While 
others are dest ined 

Y of musical styles 
h particularly excites 

, the group itsel f 
competent, but the 

no better. 

"The Supreme Court in vote last week refused 
to review the r.n,~tr'C\v"!rslall.lnti -drug policy of the 

Federal Communications Commission , wh ich had been 
upheld by a three-judge Appeals Court panel ruling in 
January." 

" RCA Records, a subsid iary of RCA Corporation , 
operated at a loss in the third quarter, 'reflecting overall 
domestic industry conditions ,' Robert W. Sarnoff , 
chairman , said ," 

"Jerry Wexler, Atlant ic executive vice-president , and 
Bob Dylan have been enjoying a production partnersh ip. 
The pair collaborated on the production on Barry 
Goldberg 's debut album for Atlan tic, recorded over a 
three month period in Muscle Shoals , Alabama." 

" A 'Roll ing Stones' l ive album is expected from 
Atlantic by years end ," 

Released this past week were new albums by "The 
Band ,"Ringo Starr, Rory Gallagher, Dave Mason , David 
Ossman (Fires ign Theater) , David Bowie, "The Who" , 
Logg ins and Mess ina, "The Blues Project"(reunion) , 
Michael White, "Sun Ra", " Jazz Crusaders" , and the 
Marvin Gaye / Diana Ross duo album . 

LIVE WIRE 

Sports Arena : 
Nov, 14-Grateful Dead ; 
Nov, 16-Humble Pie 

Community Concourse/Civic Theatre : 
Nov, 18--Arlo Guthrie 
Nov, 24--Helen H\;ddy 

The Back Door, San DieQo State Un iversity: 
Nov, 9-10-Ned Doheny & Danny O'Keefe ; 
(Two shows, 7 & 10 P.M,) 

J,J.'s, Pacific Highway : 
Nov, 4-Wishbone Ash ; 
Nov. 10-Z,Z, Top ; 
Nov, 21-Electric Ught Orchestra. 

The Beatles : Away With Words , a 
multi-media production combining 26 
still projectors, three motion picture 
projectors , a 360 degree sound system , 
multiple special effects devices, a 
cinerama size screen, and a computer 
to operate it all , is coming to San Diego 
as part of its third national tour , 

The music and f i lm explore the 
" Beatles" in three acts , The rise of Rock 
& Roll and the current events of the 
early 60's lay the groundwork for the 
Beatlemania period wh ich follows, as 
shown through newsreels of their tours 
accompanied by their early music , Post 
Help songs are the focus of the 
remainder of the program , treated with 
simultaneous photographic essay 
accom pan iment. 

These photo-essays and the c larity of 
so und have received acclaim 
throughout the production's three 
tours , Pol itical and emotional topics are 
explored through montage and jux-
taposition during She's leaving Home, 
Here Comes the Sun, A Day In the life, 
let it Be and more, 

The production is a unique ex-
perience which played to over 600,000 
people , breaking 36 all-time house 
records , and receiving sell-outs in los 
Angeles, Chicago, Ph iladelphia , etc , 

Unive(sit~ S~mphon'y (on in Revelle (ofete(iQ 
The Beatles : Away With Words wi II 

run November 9, 10 and 11 at the EI 
Cortez Century Aud itorium , Tickets are 
$3.25 in advance and $3.75 at the door, 
and are available at Ticketron , Sears 
and Highlander Men's Stores, 

-
-

-
-

Entertainment! 
LA PALOMA 

PAC' II II (, I \ST 11\' 7i>J-3lI55 

~ 11111 H lUlUUJHJ IJJJJllllJllIIlIJDJJJJJll • 
§ J:. ~~ Shanghai,s ~1;rY. 

'v1andarin & Shanghai = 
~ jl Style == fA;.. Chinese Restaurant = I~'~r--~ or. ~ = = ~ ~ 10% of( dinner ~ == ." ~ menu with student I . ):: l..G:""""~ 

E :t it?t -r MAY WE SUGGEST 5 
= 1Ar ., ~ SMO~~!~':!~:: FOIt= ~ j ~ 1 . ';, ~/tJ WEEKDAY LUNCHES ~ ~ Jft ~~, ,f, 1017 prospect 3 
,.-. .tt d -ti ~ LA JOLLA ;3 §, ~~~~ ~~~ ~ 
alllmrrnmi I 111111 111111 n 111111 m II £111111 ~ 

Page 8 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

recital in Town Hall, 
music centers , 

UCSD students can hear the University Symphony and 
the Mahavishnu Orchestra all on the same evening , 
Saturday, November 10, If you go to the 7 o'clock per-
formance of the Mahavishnu group, you can go to Revelle 
cafeteria at 9 o'clock and hear the University Symphony, 
without any charge whatever, 

The week of No,venJ. 8 paying tribute to Mahler 
continues with a stration analyzing his 10th 
Symphony by Will , Thursday noon, in 409 
Matthews Campus. is former musical director The opening concert of the season is part of a continuing 

series of musical events honoring Gustav Mahler, a 
brilliant , highly aware artist reflects both the romantic 
classical past of the last century, and foreshadows the 
restless unanchored man of today . His music, therefore, 
has much to say to audiences of today . In addition to 
Mahler's Symphony No. 1, Beethoven's Coriolanus 
Overture and the West Coast Premiere of Poulenc's Plano 
Concerto will be presented , Howard Wells noted local artist 
is featured on the plano. Mr, Wells has appeared as soloist 
among other, with the Griller and Hollywood Quartets , and 
Joseph Schuster and Pierre Fourn ier, cellists, and on the 
los Angeles County Museum Broadcasts. He played a 

of KFTK , directs night classical music 
concert series on that and is a member of Scripps 
College In Claremont. 

A concert of 
Mahler, 
concludes 
Keith Humble, 
Kamen , viola, 
formers that evening, 

Tom Nee, director 
Festival, Is music 
of the la Jolla Un 

SANSU. QUAD SAVE $60000 
GARRARD SL 956 TURNTABLE with Shute M 91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cover & base. Super powerful SANSUI QR 500, 4 channel quadraphonic AMI 
FM /MPX receiver . 4 Apollo 600 thrccw ay air suspension speake rs with 12" 
woofers , 6" midrange & 3" tweerer, In deluxe walnut enclosu res . Speakers 
'25" high & 40 pounos ea h. $1100 list price , Save 600. Complete or small 
payments. NOW ~qaoo 
~*~a*6*6) SAN DIEGO AUDIOO ·i(O *~*~9 
WEEKDAYS, 10 -8 "i219 UNIVEQSITY AVE 287-7830 SA 'I fI.;!iU , 10-6 

and a Piano Quartet by 
at 8 o'clock in 408 MC, 
Beverly Ogdon , soprano, 
Gratovlch, violin , Martin 
I, cellor are featured per-

nual New Hampshire Music 
Mahler Week and conductor 

phony, 

I ,AII.U •• GARRaRD. 
12" WOOFE •• 

SANSUI I GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We feature. in limited quantlty, 
Sansui's 210 super powerful AM-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
multi -speaker air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters &. ~ year Kuaran-
lee . Garrard's profess ional series changer with diamond needle & cartridpe. 
Lis 320, Now 22'1 . Lo Dn. EZ. terms , or trade-Ins. Only $2~' COMPLETL 

Weekday ,SAN DIEGO AUDIO 6a*6a at. 
10-;; .'i~ 05219 UNIVERSITY AV1..287-7830 '-""1 W Sun. 10-6 

" Open City", " Paisan" , 
"Voyage to Italy" , as an 
uncanny " mixture of folk 
art and sophistication ." 

Rossel l in i den ied 
Farber 's praise , and 
assessed himself as "an 
ignorant man" who " likes 
to reduce his ignorance," 
The director mostly 
answered questions 
concerning his departure 
from the neorealist genre 
of " fiction documen-
taries " which he 
pioneered to his present 
concentration on 
historical f igures such as 
louis XI V, Socrates, and 
Blaise Pascal , each of 
whom Rossel lini has 
made a film on for 
European television , 

He defended h is in-
terest in history by 
saying , "We have no clear 
judgment of today 
without exami ning 
history." He defended his 
exclusive work for 
television by citing data 
that indicated one of his 
f ilms could be viewed by 
10 million people in one 
evening on television , but 
that only two m illion 
people might see it if it 
was in distribut ion for the 
theatres over a five-year 
period , He also remarked 
that " Cinema is dying , the 
market Is reduced , movies 
are getting weaker, and , 
personally, I am against 
the industry and am 
happy to see the collapse 
of the system ," 

In his use of historical 
documents as the sole 
source of information for 
his recent films , 
Rossellin i believes he is 
being strict ly accurate in 
Continued on page 14 

A FILM BY 
CONRAD 

~s 

: ~ ... ~ ::.~!:.~! ~ .•. ~ ::'.~:::.:: .~~: ... ~: 
:! WEST COAST PREMIERE i: 
n·:; ~.:;;.::; ~.:; ~.: ;~.::~ 0:;; ~.: i: 

01 Ihe globe 
JABBERWOCK 

Improbabilit ies lived and 
Imag ined 

by JAMES THURBER ,n Jhe 
I lcl ,onal clly of 
Columbus. Oh iO 

Made Inlo a play by 
JEROME LAWRENCE 5 

ROBERT E LEE 

Final Week 
J.bberwock IS populated ~ ,'h 
BjJpeal ing non-conform.s" en-
JO)l100 the ir uniq ue 11 \188 
c.ptures the as nee 01 inC' 
Independent Amerrcan Sc:'H ,1 
be fore Wor ld War I 

Black Literature 
Reading 

" Return to My Nat ive land ," one of the foremost 
texts of the Black literary movement , will be 
presented as a mult imedia reading at 8 :00 p.m, 
Thursday, November 8, at the University of 
California, San Diego. 

The monolog , with slides and music from the 
West Indian island of Mart inique, will feature Dr. 
Floyd Gaffney , Associate Professor of Drama at 
UCSD. It will be presented in Room 2250 of the 
Humanities and Social Sc ience Building on Mu ir 
Campus and is free and open to the publi c , 

" Return to My Nat ive land " was written in 1939 by 
Aime Cesaire , a poet and playwright who is Mayor of 
Fort de France, the capital city of Martin ique, and 
deputy from the island to the French Nat ional 
Assembly , The revolutionary work did not receive 
attention until 1945 when its beaut i fu l imagery and 
courageous stance against colonialism stirred the 
imagination of Black people in the Americas and 
Africa . 

The program is bas. naterials used on the 
island of Martinique h.. . Jblic readings , It was 
brought to th is country by Michel Benamou , 
Professor of French Literature at UCSD, who 
adopted the French text and i ts Eng li sh trans lation 
by Em ile Snyder to the multimedia concept. 

EYBrythlng YOU'¥8 Evar HBlnI About CHEERLEADERS ComBS True 
SEE THEM DD IT IN ... 

BROADWAY at 2nd 
Open Noon 
233-6541 

P ge 9 Trtton Times, Nov mb r 6, 1973 



New Faces From Si rang e Places 
Girls Absorb 

. 

First Defeat 
At the end of Wed-

nesday's match with 
Mesa Junior College, the 
Women's Volleyball team 
stood yet undefeated . 
Full of energy and spirit, 
the Mesa girls put out all 
their efforts to gain a 
small lead on our girls 
and take the first game. 
This sweet taste of victory 
did not last long for Mesa, 
as our girls rallied 
together to squelch their 
opponents 15-3, 15-7. 

But , when they walked 
onto the court Thursday 
to meet Grossmont , these 
Tritons just didn' t have 
their heads tuned to 
teamwork . They were 
nervous. Grossmont, a 

tough team with very 
tough serves, took the 
first game 15-13. And , 
even though the Tritons 
came back to win the 
following game 15-4 , 
Grossmont walked away 
with the last game 15-13. 
Grossmont had out-
hustled our girls in one 
too many games . 

The Women ' s In-
tercollegiate Volleyball 
team , despite one defear, 
still stands clearly in first 
place . 
Come watch them even 
out the score with 
Grossmont there 
tomorrow , November 7, at 
5 : 45. 

Riding Club 
To Dine Out 

A beach ride and dinner, sponsored by the 
Horseback Riding Club, will be held in Imperial 
Beach on Friday, November 16, from 4 to 7 p.m. It 
will be a two to three hour ride from stables to the 
beach and back via the mountains, canyons and the 
north side of the Tijuana border. 

The 40% discount price for both the dinner and 
the ride Is $5.00 per person (plus $1 .00 for fall 
quarter membership dues if not already paid) . Th ose 
wishing to go must pay for the ride (piUS dues If 
necessary) when signing up in the new gym office 
from Nov. 5 to 12 :00 noon on November 12. 

The club urges its members as well as others 
interested to sign up as soon as possible since 
limited space is available. However, if there is an 
overflow of people wanting to go, another similar 
ride with a dinner will be schedulM for Friday, 
November 30. 

It is necessary that those going on the club ride 
have some experience riding horseback and be able 
to control and di rect the horse satlsfactorally . 

For more details , come to the meeting Wed-
nesday, Nov. 7, 6 p.m ., USB 2622. 

Quickness . Hustle . 
Teamwork. These are the ' 

.. words that Coach Bill 
Reeves uses to describe 
the 1973-74 Triton varsity 
baskAtbal1 team. He will 
have to utilize the 
quickness and hustle of 
h is team to the utmost to 
overcome a lack of height. 
Center Paul Trainer is the 
only big man on the team . 

This year's team is a 
young team , consisting 
mainly of sophmores and 
juniors with one senior 
and one freshman . 

There are only three 
members of last years 
team returning to play 
again this year, Center 
Paul Trainer and forwards 
Steve Higgins and Ron 
Wertt. The rest of the 
team is made up of 
transfer students and 
members of last years 
frosh team. 

Paul Trainer, the 6'7" 
center, will be the nucleas 
of the team . Last year he 
was the teams leading 
scorer and rebounder and 
was named to the NAIA's 
All-District III basketball 
team. More of the same Is 
expected from him again 
this year. 

Steve H iggins, a 
reserve on last years team 
w ill start at forward this 
year. Small (6'3") for his 
position , he will have a rot 
of pressure on him to help 
Trainer on the rebounding 
end of the game. 

A pair of transfer 
students from Riverside 
City College also figure 
prominently in Coach 
Reeves plans for the 
season. Joe Coit, the 
MVP for the Riverside 
team last year, can play 
both center and forward 
though he stands only 
6'4" , According to Coach 
Reeves Coit is "a good 
shooter, rebounder and 
an excellent team player." 

When you say Budweiser: , you've said it all! 
ANHEUSU· IUSCH. INC • Sf lOUIS 

Page 10 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

George Calhoun, the 
other transfer from 
Riverside, had it out last 
year because of a broken 
toe. Playing at the point 
th is year, he is a fine 
outSide shot , and an 
excellent playmaker. He 
says the toe no longer 
bothers him and that he is 
looking forward to a good 
year. 

Steve Kircher from 
Canada JC and Mallory 
Mitchell from Southern 
Californ ia College are a 
couple of other transfer 
students that figure to 
play a lot. Mitchell will 
not be able to play until 
January because of 
eligibility rules governing 
transfer students. Once 
he Is eligible, however, he 
figures to see lots of 
playing time. 

up trom last years frosh 
team are its two leading 
scorers , Mark Read and 
Rusty Knight. Also up 
.'rom the frosh team , is 
the varsitys smallest 
player AI Clark who 
measures all of 5'5". AI is 
a very good bal l handler 

nd can go under people 

Glug! Glug! 

instead of over or around 
them . 

For the first time UCSD 
will compete in a league, 
the District Ill 's Northern 
League (I wonder how San 
Diego qualifies as nor-
thern). Competing in the 
league with the Tritons 
will be Westmont(Santa 
Barbara) , Fresno Pacific , 
Biola (La Mirada), LA 
Baptist and Cal Lutheran 
(Thousand Oaks). 

Coach Reeves feels that 
anyone of four teams 
could win the league, 
UCSD, Wesmont (last 
years District III cham-
pions), Fresno Pacific, 
and Biola. If the team 
plays well together all 
season Reeves thinks the 
Tritons can come out on 
top. 

If UCSD should win the 
league they would ad-
vance to the District Iii 
playoffs with a chance to 
go to the NAIA Cham-
pionships in Kansas City . 

In order to achieve a 
winning season Reeves 

will employ a fast break 
offense c ombined w ith a 
pressing defense. This 
co mbination , wh en 
played with hustle and 
teamwork should be able 
to off set the lack of 
height that the Tritons 
have. 

In talking to several 
players I found that there 
is a real unity on the 
team . Paul Trainer feels 
that this years team is 
better than last year 
because "it Is a better 
disciplined team and the 
team works wel l 
together. " 

Steve Higgins echoed 
the sentiments of the 
other players when he 
said "The one thing that 
really impresses me about 
this team is the hust le 
and attitude of the 
members of the team ." 

The first game of the 
season is here at UCSD 
against Athletes in Action 
on November 14. The 
team is good so be there 
and give them the support 
they need . 

WBB Bubbling Away 
By now almost 

everyone has wandered by 
the pool on a Wednesday 
or a Sunday evening and 
unless they have 
aquaphobia have kicked 
themselves for not 
Signing up to play on a 
Coed-innertube water-
basketball team . Those 
lucky ones who have 
signed up have been busy 
just fooling around in the 
pool with the guy or girls 
who sits next to themin 
class or lives next door. 

The sport has been 
divided into two leagues. 

The first is for those who 
love having a good time 
and also like to win . The 
second (designed mainly 
for the Baldwin twins) is 
for those who like to have 
a good time in the water 
but aren't good enough to 
win. Somehow or other 
this dynam ic duo 
manages to lose every 
game by the same total of 
three points . This is due 
to the fact that women get 
six points and guys get 
three pOints , and the 
Baldwins are the greatest 
choke artists of all time. 

They never seerT\ to be 
able to get it in at key 
moments . Maybe they 
should watch the bailers 
who always seem to get it 
in . 

Getting back to the 
pOint , the "A" league 
seems to be up for grabs 
with Cliterated Chlorinus, 
Hexapus and Ring ers 
battling for the title wh ile 
In the other league, 
nobody seems to care 
except for the Water 
Buffaloes so they'll 
probably take the title 
over there. 

Season Opener Next Week 
Jim King , former NBA 

star and coach, will be 
bringing his basketball 
team , Athletics in Action, 
affiliated with Campus 
Crusade for Christ, to 
play the Tritons here at 
the gym a week from 
tomorrow , November 14 . 
This will be the Tritons 
first regular season game, 
The A.LA. team is led by 
returning center, seven 
foot Les Stiles. 

King just recently 
retired from the 
professional ranks as a 

player-coach of th e 
Chicago Bulls taking over 
an amateur team in a 
rebuil ding season after 
going 15-18 last year. He 
took the challenge to 
make AlA a national 
ranked team after an 
illustrous career of 10 
years which included 
playing along side of 
Jerry West, ' the well -
known L.A. Laker star. He 
also played for San 
FranCiSCO, Cincinnati and 
the Bulls. 
Coaching the A.LA , team 

is not an easy task, 
because it is very easy for 
this team to develop a 
lOSing syndrome as they 
play all thei r games on the 
road. In spite of this, 
A.LA. have been able to 
hold their own against 
such teams as UCLA, 
Memphis State, Ind iana, 
and the Russians , The 
A.l. A. team should be 
able to give the Tr itons 
plenty of compet ition 
next week , especially with 
Coach King 's experience 
with the pros. 

Mary Chrisdan Reising 
Supported b~ Chicono Federotion 
ond b'y Teochers ond Educotors 

College Boord District A 
She cores obout students , .. 

- Soved music in S,D. Cit~ Schools 
- 3 doughters ot UCSD ... 
- Chonged Artiller'y Dr. to meso 

College Dr, . , . 
- She gets things done 

"ole REISING For 

For 
Sail? 
Photos ~ Larry Winn 

Page 11 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 



L,ers To The Editor 
contln,*, rom pg. 7 

New Proposal 
mlghty- - no doubt 
necessitating an increase 
In the staff of the Parking 
Office, an Increase in the 
number of sad people 
whose only job It Is to ride 
around In expensive new 
trucks and punish the 
students monetari Iy for 
putting their cars in 
proscribed spots or in 
acceptable spots but in 
unacceptable positions. 

To the bureaucratic 
mind , the proliferation of 
regulations is good In 
itself, for it leads to a 
greater need for en -
forcement , a swelling of 
the bureaucratic staff (and 
therefore of ad-
ministrative power), and 
finally to greater "order"--
I.e., regimentation .. 

We have in the parking 
scene yet another 
example of the attitude 
toward students struc-
tured right into the 
physical arrangement of 
the university, wh ich is, 

aftar all, built to serve-
whom? 

Yours etc . 
Martha Rosier 

Grad 
Visual Art~ 

Reply To 
Black Woman 

First of all , you should 
speak for yourself unl~ss 
~~;u re~re:;en\ '1.ome 
formal or informal group 
of unsatisfied women 
(whether "something" is 
wrong with you or not) . 
Secondly , If you are not 
being satisfied , I can only 
think of three logical 
reasonings (that I hope 
will help you in finding a 
conclusion and assist in a 
possible foundatiofl for 
an alleviation of your 
problem) and they are ; A) 
you are probably sup-
pressing bi-sexual or 
homo-sexual tendencies ; 
B) you have come across 
more "fustrated" partners 
(they couldn't all be MEN) 
than Is rightly due any 
individual and C) you have 
been possibly sup-
pressing, if not having 

THE WOODROW WILSON SCHOOL 
of PUBLIC and INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS 
Princeton University 
will interview men & women interested in 
graduate study leading to careers in: 

GOVERNMENT SERVICE CRIMINAL JUSTICE 
ELECTORAL POLITICS INTERNATIONAL 
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY RELATIONS 
URBAN PLANNING POLICY RESEARCH 

ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 
(generous financial aid is available) 

CAREER PLANNING 8. PLACEMENT OFFICE 
November 12, 1973 (1--~ CAMPUS TRAVEL SERVICE 

UCSD International Center 
Next to Gallery 8 

See Bill Keller, 452-O6:ll 
10-12am, 2-5 pm, Mon. thru Fri. 

CHRISTMAS CHARTER FLIGHTS 

NEW YORK $170 
LA/ New York 
TIA DC-8 

CHICAGO $145 
LA/ Chicago 
American 707 

THE BAHAMAS $160 
LA/Freeport 
TIA DC-8 

LEAVES 

Dec. 14 

Dec. 14 

Dec. 14 

RETURNS 

Jan. 1 

Jan. 1 

Dec. 29 

Available only to UCSD students, faculty, staff 
and their immediate tamilies 

Also 
Tripping Magazine 
Intemat onal Student 1.0. cards, 

I ;outh Hostel Cards, Group travel arrangea .J 
"Eurail P3sses, Passport Applications, 

.-----------------.-.-

schizoid relapses that 
could evolve to possible 
psychosexual problems 
(if you don't already have 
some). Thirdly, if you are 
not racially speaking, a 
Black Woman with a 
Black Experience, then I 
think that this stooping to 
the ultimate to take away 
almost all of the 
unification that we have 
left (from the times of 
transcontlental en-
slavement, American 
enslavement until now In 
Imperialist enslavement) 
Is conscious participation 
ticlpation in the Man's 
tactic of Divide and 
Conquer. And finally , if 
you had the article 
published as a joke, I 
suggest that you don't let 
real Black folks know , 
because I didn't take It to 
be funny at all , nor did 
other righteous Brothers 
and Sisters. I thought that 
it was a shame on me and 
my Brothers and Sisters 
that I respect. If you had 
to publish something as 
this, why in a paper such 
as this one? Why didn't 
you address yourself to a 
real problem such as the 
genociding of Black 
babies and Women and 
Men in ?ortuguese 
or even here, where Nixon 
is the Man's President? 

From S. Johnson , 
(Even though I have a 

white man's name, I am a 
Slack Woman .) 

Love Co-op 
Editor: 

I'm sure that everyone 
is aware of the new 
electronic meal card 
system that many of us 
suckers using the meal 
plan are subjugated with 
in order to keep us from 
ripping off the Revelle 
Commons. It 's purpose, 
they say is to save time 
and money through less 
waste of food, due to 
unauthorized persons 
eating there. 

I feel they are just 
trying to flatter them-
selves , th inking that 
people would actually 
sneak in. UnWittingly, I 
believe, they have found 
the real solution to the 
problem. How can you 
steal food if you can't eat 
it? I've seen more people 
taking food into the 
Revelle Commons than 
out of it. I feel the Food 
Services should revert 
back to the old system of 
meal tags and make better 
use of their new elec-
tronic system, to help 
solve an even larger 
problem at UCSD. 

The success of the "co-
op" at UCSD has been 
demonstrated by the 
Book Exchange and the 
Auto Parts co-ops. I claim 
that the computerized 
meal card system can be 
the key to an even greater 
co-op, the UCSD Love Co-
op. This co-op, situated 
in the new Student Ac-
tivity Center, would have 
to take up the whole 

SANSUI • GaR.aRD • 
12" WOOFE • • 

S ANSU: t GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We feature in llmited quantity Sans~l's 210 super powerful AM-F M-MPX receive; (2) giant knee high 'w 
muill-speaker. air suspenlion enclosures with 12" wooters & :J year /oluara:}nut 
tee . Garrard's professional series changer with diamond needle & cartridge 
List $320. Now $22 ~ . Lo On. EZ terms, or trade-Ins. Only '2a8 COMPLETE 

Weekdays .m.*A SAN DIEGO AUDIO 0*_ Sa'. & 
10-5 WI'. 5219 UNIVERSITY NE .. 28H830 Sun. 10-6 

Plige 12 Trtton Times, November e, 1973 

upper floor. Male 
students at UCSD would 
be Issued cards to be 
Inserted Into that machine 
with the little red lights 
which now take on a new 
meaning. Students would 
be given the choice of 
being on the nine, 
fourteen, or nineteen 
meal plan. Obviously 
some of the labels on 
those flashing red lights 
have to be changed. The 
re-Insert light can remain 
as long as It is un-
derstood by everyone that 
It's the card that must be 
re-inserted . The "Meal 
Already Eaten" light can 
also remain . A new ad-
dition would have to be a 
light marked "Penicillin" 
In order to weed out any 
customers who were 
"unhealthy" the last time 
they viSited. 

The success of any 
venture depends on the 
quality of its mer-
chandise, and this 
venture is no exception . 
Due to the lack of 
resources at UCSD, It is 
generally understood that 
not many of the em-
ployees will be coming 
from Revelle. This 
problem can be remedied 
by a new series of UC 
extension classes offered 
to female students at San 
Diego State. With such an 
extension program, no 
one can ever again accuse 
UCSD of being too math-
science oriented, because 
such an extension 
program fall s literally 
under the title of "liberal 
Arts". 

Charlie Smith 

T. T. Praised 
Dear Mr. Buchbinder : 

I wanted to take this 
opportunity to commend 
the Triton Times for their 
publication of the letter 
from a " Black Woman" in 
the October 30 Issue. We 
at KSDT feel that cen-
sorship of responsible 
opinion is bad for media 
and for democracy. 
Further, we feel that the 
open discussion of sexual 
attitudes In an open 
manner is quite in tune 
with the times. The 
publications of such 
people as Masters and 
Johnson, and the sub-
sequent open discussion 
of sexual attitudes and 
problems has led to 
healthier attitudes 
towards sex and has 
contributed to a better life 
for many people. 

We commend Triton 
Times for publishing th is 
article, and hope that 
publication of opinions of 
this nature will continue. 

Steven Tincher 
General Manager, 

KSDT 

Town Center 
that the development of 
this area is much more 
crucial to the university 
because it Is just within 
walking distance from the 
campus. He is particularly 

concerned with the 
developer's plan to buJld a 
professional building 
adjacent to the shopping 
center now there. 

Dr. Stern pOinted out 
that Dr . S. Schultz, 
Professor of PhS'sics, 
looked into the po~slbility 
of a project similar in 
concept to the proposed 
Town Center several years 
ago and gave a negative 
report. 

Dr. Stern was pleased 
that on November 4, the 
La Jolla Town Council 
voted 18-0 again st the 
Town Center plan. 

Concerning both 
development Sites, Dr. 
Stern says he is 
questioning the 
judgement of all con-
cerned. He says that he 
and all members of the 
Academic Senate will vote 
on the basis of their 
consciences on both 
plans. 

Chilean Aid 
The Editor, Triton Times 

The U.S. Senate has 
voted to stop all U.S. 
economic aid to the 
military government in 
Chile until at least basic 
human rights are 
respected in Chile. 

,In spite of this fact, on 
October 5 the U. S. 
Department of Agriculture 
announced it had granted 
Chile a credit of $24 
million to buy U. S. 
wheat . This credit , of-
fered in one day, was 8 
(eight) times the total 
commodity cred it the U. 
S. gave to Chi le in the last 
three years, when Chile 
had constitutionally 
elected, democratic 
government under the 
leadership of Salvador 
Allende . The previous 
government, incidentally, 
respected human rig hts 
and had a free press. 

The House o·f 
Representatives has voted 
aid to Chile, in conflict 
with the Senate. The bills 
now go to a conference 
committee to be resolved . 
If you wish to write the 
House conferees and urge 
them to accept the Senate 
amendment denyin'g aid 
to the repressive junta, 
they are: Congressmen 
Wayne Hayes, Clement 
Zablocki, William 
Maillard, Dante Fascell Pete~ Frelinghuysen, and 
Wilham Broomfield . 
Address the letter(s) to 
House Office Bu ilding, 
Wash ington , D. C. 20515. 

Philip Protter 

P. S. : Legislation to 
admit up to SO,OO Chilean 
refugees into the U.S. is 
being sponsored by 
Congressmen Robert 
Drlnan (Mass.) and Peter 
Rodino (N. J.). You also 
might write these people 
and urge them to expand 
the bill to Include all 
political refugees, as well 
as showing yOur support 
for such a measure. 

Cheerleaders 
--------LSAT---------' 

PREP. COURSE FOR DEC. OR FEB. LSAT 

We offer you : 
·Pre-Testing 
·Instruction by Subject Matter Experts 
·Individual analysis 
"Test Taking Techniques 
·Post Test (simulated LSAT) 
·Umited Seating. . .$100.00 
Educationll Senices (114) 291-1417 
--~-------------------~ 

Editor: 
After looking forward to 

trying out for cheerleader 
all summer I was 
dismayed to discover last 
Friday at four o'clock that 
tryouts were going to be 
held sometime that 
evening. Needless to say, 
I was never able to tryout. 

One of the questions 
that comes to my mind Is 
why so little publicity 
was given for tryouts for a 
group that represents the 
entire student body at our 
intercollegiate sports ' 
events at our school and 
at other schools where 
our teams play. After a 
search of the old Triton 
Times I was able to find 
one small article per-
taining to a meeting about 
cheerleading on the back 
page of the paper, two 
weeks ago. Aside from 
this and the banner I saw 
Friday afternoon I 
couldn't find any an-
nouncements . I am a 
Resident Advisor at 
Revelle and of all people I 
should have some 
notification of activities 
on campus so that I can 
inform people living In My 
hall. If the RA doesn't 
know how will anyone 
else? 

The last question in my 
mind is one of racial 
representatio n. Th is 
school is very conscience 
of assuring a proper racial 
balance in everything It 
does. It seems strange 
that there wasn 't more 
concern over trying to 
make sure that a greater 
racial makeup was 
represented at the 
tryouts. 

This leaves a question 
in my mind as to the 
validity of our school 
cheerleaders . 

Sue Stowell 

Parking 
Editor : 

I think that the new 
parking system proposal 
will cause more problems 
than it will solve. In 
particular, it is the idea of 
assigning spaces to each 
car which is the mistake. 
For example, when 
someone arrives for 
classes late, he will tend 
to take the most con-
venient space, instead of 
the one assigned to him . 
The person whose space 
is now occupied will then 
be forced to take some 
other available space, 
thereby depriving another 
of his (or her) aSSigned 
space, and so on, to utter 
confusion . In addition, 
the cost of enforcing the 
new regulations will be 
prohibitive, and guess 
who Is going to wind up 
paying for it? It Isn't going 
to be Uncle Ronnie. 

An alternate plan might 
be to build remote lots, 
and to issue a less ex-
pensive sticker to en-
courage people to use 
them , a sticker that would 
be valid only in those 
remote lots, Warren 

Winkler 
A.M.E.S. Dept. 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·la-eIIte. 16().pa .. , 
lII.il orcltr cal.Io •. EncIDM $1.00 
10 to'll! pesl.1t (deli;ery time is 
1 10 2 cllysl. 

RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIIIE BlVO.,'SUlTt -2 

lOS ANGllES. CAliF. 90025 
(2131417 ... 74 or 4n·5493 

Ow _c. _10111 _ lor 
...... 0"'_ ... ,. 

Guest-in-Residence Program 
Urey To Speak 
Thursday Night 
The UCSD community 

is invited to attend an 
informal discussion with 
Dr . Harold Urey this 
Thursday night at 8:00 in 
the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Dr. Urey, whose 
remarkable career has 
spanned half a century 
and whose awards and 
ach ievements include the 
Nobel Prize in physics for 
his discovery of 
deuterium in 1932, will 
talk about his life and 
work , and his thoughts 
for the future . The 
meeting is sponsored by 
the Guest-in-Residence 
Committee. 

UCSD was in its infancy 
in 1958 when Dr. Urey 
moved here from the 
Un iversity of Chicago 's 
Inst i tute for Nuclear 
Studies , and since then 
his reputation , h is 
cont inuing research , and 
his efforts on behalf of 
the academic community 
here have been key 
factors in UCSD's rapid 
rise to dist inc tion . 

Dr . Urey's work has 
covered the whole 
spectrum of scientific 
inqu iry. At UCSD he has 
officially been in the 
Department of Chemistry , 
but he is best known for 
his work in phySiCS. and 
he is also internationally 
known for his research on 
the origins of biological 
systems. 

Although he recently 
retired from the active 
faculty to become 
Professor Emeritus of 
Chem istry , Dr. Urey stili 
mainta ins his cluttered 
office in Ihe Physics-
Chemistry Bui Iding and 
continues to study and be 
faSC inated by the 
mysteries of the universe . 
" There 's no place as 
Interesting as my of fice 
and the th ings in II ." he 
says . " I'm sorry for people 
who want to get away 
from their jobs and ret ire. 
My work is in teres ting 
and fun . I'm st ill th inking 
up new theories and still 
try ing to understand the 
sola r system ." 

Sloan Lecture Today 
Pharmacologist and 

psychiatrist, Dr. Solomon 
H. Snyder of the Johns 
Hopkins University 
School of Medicine will 
discuss some of the 
biochemistry behind brain 
system function at the 
forthcoming Sloan 
Foundation Lecture at the 
University of California, 
San Diego School of 
Medicine. 

various fields related to 
neurobiology. 

Dr. Snyder is Professor 
of Pharmacology and 
Ex peri mental 
Therapeutics as well as 
Professor of Psychiatry at 
Johns Hopkins. He has 
been on the staff of that 
University since 1965. 
Prior to that he was a 
research associate at the 
National Institute of 
Mental Health in 
Bethesda, Maryland. 

Science, 
Technology, 

And 

Dr. Urey grew up on a 
farm in Indiana and , after 
graduating from high 
school , spent several 
years as a country school 
teacher before deciding to • 
go to college. As an 
entering freshman his 
preferences were for Latin 
and psychology , but 

contraceptive 
protection 

tbafs ready 
curricu I um restrictions 
steered him into 
chemistry and biology, 
and thus he was em-
barked upon the stellar 
career which has made 
him one of the world 's 
most honored SCient ists . 

Public Affairs 
The lecture is 

scheduled for 4 : 00 p. m. 
Tuesday, November 6 in 
the second floor 
aud itorium of the Basic 
SCience Building on the 
La Jolla campus. 

Title of his talk is 
"Opiate and Other Brain 
Receptors : Biochemical 
Demonstrations" . 

The Sloan Foundation 
Lec tures are made 
possible by a grant from 
the Alfred P. Sloan 
Foundation to UC San 
Diego for development of 
an interdepartmental 
program in neurobiology. 
The lecture series is one 
aspect of a campus-wide 
program to expand 
researCh, training, and 
faculty interaction in 

In 1966 Dr. Snyder was 
a National Institute of 
Mental Health Research 
Scientist Development 
Awardee. Three years 
later he received the 
Outstanding Young 
Scientist award from the 
Maryland Academy of 
Sciences. In 1970 he was 
the recipient of both the 
John Jacob Abel Award of 
the American Scoeity of 
Bio logical Psychiatry, 
and the A. E. Bennett 
Award from the Society 
for Biological Psychiatry. 
The following year the 
American Psychiatric 
Association presented 
him with their Hofheimer 
Award . 

Scripps Finds Lost Buoy 
A 2500-pound Bumblebee buoy belonging to 

Scripps , which had been missing for over 19 months 
since It broke its mooring cable off Santa Barbara, 
was found on Sept. 12 by the tunaboat Bold Con-
tender approximately 1500 miles southwes~ of San 
Diego. The buoy, which Is valued at $25,000, was 
hoisted aboard and secured to the deck, where It 
rode for over a month while the tunaboat completed 
its fishing voyage before returning to San Diego on 
Oct . 23. The buoy was being used to test a windmill 
generator operating Its power supply at the time it 
was lost. 

An interdisciplinary program of 
courses under the heading " Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs" is being 
planned at UCSD. The focus of the new 
program will be on the interface of the 
social and technolog ical problems now 
confronting society. The program is the 
result of a collaboration between 
Professor Herbert York of the Physics 
Department and Professor Dennis 
Pirages of the Political Science 
Department. 

Although final approval remains to be 
obtained, the Department of Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs will 
probably be established next year and 
will be attached to Fourth College. Dr. 
York Is hopeful that it will be possible 
next year to offer Science, Technology 
and Public Affairs as an undergraduate 
minor, and eventually as a major as well. 
Both Dr. York and Dr. Pirages are already 
teaching courses this year that are 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 
Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

r---------~------------------------------------~~~ 
SANSUI QUAD SAllE $60000 

GARRARD SL 9jB TURNTAB LE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cov er & base. Super powerful SANSUI OR 500, 4 chalUlel quadraphonic AM / 
FM/MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension spea kers IN ith 12" 
woofers, 6" midrange & 3" tweeter, in deluxe walnut enclosures. Speakers 
25" high & 40 pounas each. $1100 Usl price, Save $600. Complete or small 
payments. NOW ~ 

relevant to this area. 

Professor York has long been Involved 
with the socio-political Issues related to 
technological development . He has 
served as Science Advisor to Presidents 
Eisenhower and Kennedy , and as 
uirector of Defense Research in the 
Department of Defense. Dr. York recently 
spoke on nuclear disarmament at the 
Pacem In Terris Convocation sponsored 
by the Center for the Study of Democrat ic 
Institutions, at which other speakers 
included Secretary of State Henry 
Kiss inger, Senators Ervin and Fulbright , 
and David Horow itz of Ramparts 
Magazine. 

Professor Pirages recently came to 
UCSD from Stanford , where he co-
authored several books w ith noted 
ecologist Paul Ehrl ich . Dr. Pirages will 
teach a course this Winter Quarter en-
t itled "Global Ecology ." 

O~~&~k.*. SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*O*~ WE~d)A"S, 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .287-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-6 Over 200 Grinningbird every day connecting North-.rn and Southern california. Give yO'y'~.campus rep or 
PSA s bird whi8t1e ........ ,... • ..c. 

when you 
are, 

WiIh 1M oeIt baa ."..--.... 
JOtaa.pHI- .... .., 
.......... -'--.... 

..'Ii ...... .., ...... 

...., ......... --... 
.~.-.. 

..... 

Page 13 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 



Russo-Jap·anese Whale Policies Harpooned 
In a strongly-worded 

Ifltter to President Nixon, 
tl'1e head of the world's 
INgest private con-
servation organization 
has urged a massive 
American boycott of all 
Japanese and Russian 
products in response to 
those countries' "short-
sighted" and "callous" 
whaling activities. 

The need for a major 
boycott, according to 
Tom Kimball, executive 
vice president of the 
National Wildlife 
Federation , is based on 
unwillingness of Japan 
and the Soviet Un ion to 
revise their whaling 
practices despite the 
declining numbers of the 
earth's largest living 
creature . "The best 
scientific information 
available points towards 
the extinction of at least 
some of the eight species 
of great whales," Kimball 
noted, "unless all whaling 
nations are willing to 
revise their practices to 
the degree necessary to 
insure the survival of 
these great marine 
mammals." 

" It seems to us that our 
persuasion , to be ef-
fective , must hit the 
Japanese and the 
Russians in their 

pocketbooks," arg ued 
Kimball. "If our boycott of 
Japanese made 
automobiles, electronic 
equipment, cameras, and 
clothing, and such 
RUSSian consumer 
products as canned fish, 
alcoholic beverages , and 
furs is successful, 
perhaps the industrial 
sector of those two 
nations can succeed in 
changing their govern-
ments' whaling prac-
tices ." 

Satisfactory sub-
stitutes have been found 
for all whale prockicts , 
including lubricants, 
cosmetics, soap, paint, 
shoe polish , and 
margarine. Much is used 
for food for pets or for 
ranch mink . Though 
whale meat is eaten in 
small quantities by the 
Japanese and Russians, 
"the amount of protein 
which It contributes to the 
Japanese (and Russian) 
diet is, by any standards, 
insignificant," Kimball 
stated. 

Despite the demise of 
the great sea leviathans, 
the Soviets and Japanese 
unrelentingly keep the 
pressure up. Last year, 
the Japanese mounted 
four whaling expeditions 
and the Russians three . 

Each consisted of a huge 
factory ship almost as big 
as an aircraft carrier, 
attended by a fleet of 
small, fast catcher boats 
that run down the whales 
and kill them with can-
non-fired harpoons , 
which carry explosive 
charges that detonate 
Inside the animals . 

The Japanese and 
Soviets are currently the 
on!y countries engaged In 
major whale-killing ef-
forts . The U.S. phased 
out its last whale fleet in 
1971 and has banned the 
importation of all whale 
products. The Brit ish, the 
Norweiglans, and the 
Du.tch left the major 
hunging grounds--the 
Antarctic and the North 
Pacific--a few years ago 
when the supply of 
whales dropped so low 
that expeditions became 
unprofitable. 

While Kimball admitted 
that there is a dearth of 
comprehensive, reliable 
population statistics on 
whales , scientific In-
dications and declining 
whale harvests point to a 
major survival threat for 
most species of whales . 
In the last 50 years , over 
two million whales have 
been killed and , in just 
the past' three seasons, 

the figure has averaged 
about 37,000, a decline 
reportedly due to the fact 
that there were fewer 
whales to be killed. The 
over-all quota set by the 
International Whaling 
Commission for the 1973-
74 season is 37,500 . 

"At the (IWC) meeting ," 
Kimball pointed out to the 
President , "both Russia 
and Japan declared their 
unwillingness to abide by 
an earlier decision made 
by all 14 member nations 
to provide the Com-
mission with a 
strengthened secretariat. 
In addition, the Japanese 
voted against three 
prinCipal conservation 
decisions and the 
Russians voted against 
two The recom -
mendations are 
biologically-sound and 
predicated on viable 
wildlife management 
prinCiples. 

The three IWC 
measures which Japan 
and . Russia have chosen 
to Ignore inVOlve limiting 
the harvest of fin whales , 
minke whales, and sperm 
whales, all considered 
seriously depleted. 

Japan alone opposed 
the IWC recommendation 
which would limit the 
1973-74 quota of fin 
whales, the second 

larges, creature, to 1,450 encourages overkill In 
and would phase out all more easily accessible 
hunting of the species by hunting waters, according 
June 1976. The U.S. had to biologist. 
urged an immediate Representing both the 
moratorium. Although active whaling nations 
there were once an and nations with an In. 
estimated half million of terest in whaling, 
these animals, optomistic cluding the U.S., the 
Is, optomlstic guesses theoretically regul 
currently put their number i nternat ion al wha l 
at about 80,000. ' killing. Member 

Both the Soviets and however, are not bound 
the Japanese have an- abide by the Co 
nounced that they will not mission 's decisions 
limit their take of minke just as Russia and 
whales to a total of 5,000 have done, mem 
in 1973-74, th'3 same free to enter a 
quota as last year. objection and do as thel 
Thinking it would be the please. 
only nation hunting minke 
whale in 1972, Kimball 
explained, "Japan agreed 
to a 5,000 quota . 
However, the Soviets 
decided to harvest the 
mlnke whale, beat Japan 
to 'he Antarctic hunting 
waters and took the first 
3,200, limiting the 
Japanese catch to about 
2,500 whales." Japan is 
USing its own set of 
scientifiC figures this year 
to justify taking up to 
12, 230 minke whales . 

Also , the Japanese and 
Russians have both 
ignored an IWC effort to 
set 1973-74 quotas on 
sperm whales based on 
geographical location , 

Besides urging a mas! 
American boycott 01 
Soviet and Japanese 
goods, Kimball asked the 
President to combine the 
consumer action wit 
"firm Federal action ." Thl 
President was urged h 
work with the Congress 
develop a connAlmnalll". 
of current Japane 
Russian whaling 
tices, explore the use of 
variety of diplomati 
channels to dissuade 
Japan and Russia frOIT 
continuing their whalinj 
practices , and undertak! 
a review of U.S. trade 
agreements with Japa-
and Russia. 

TYPING ERRORS Rossellini Retrospect 
.......-:-<"~~ ERROR-FREE TVPIN6 

... ION 

ERRORITE'" ·AT YOUR CAMPUS STORE 

- OUT OF SIGHT! 

Cont . from pg . 9 for the Fascist Mussolini 
his accounts. His reaction government, but before 
to historical interpretation the end of World War II 
is negative, because, in Rossellini emerged as a 
his view, historical in- spokesman for the Italian 
terpretation is a type of ReSistance.) He con-
propaganda, and he tinued , "I have everrything 
claimed, " I will not do against propaganda, 
propaganda · for anything because, in consenting to 
in the world." make propaganda, it 
(Rossellini's earliest films means you have no faith 
were made as propaganda in human beings ." 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

OF SOUnD 
SAVE OVER $tOO!! 

On thisCOInplete SteteoSystet" 
FEATURING 

$KENWOOD 
MODEL 2300 KENWOOD RECEIVER .... $19995 
GARRARD 42M CHANGER .................... 4995 
SHURE M75E CARTRIDGE .... ... .......... ... 3495 
GARRARD B1 BASE ............ , .... . ............. 595 
2 INTERAUDIO 2000 SPEAKERS .... ....... 15722 

LIST PRICE $44802 
WRIGHT'S 831rllRO SPECIAL SALE PRICE iJir' 

;omplele syslem includes FREE 5·year ploteclion plan, connecting cables & wiles. 

Page 14 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

Rossellini consistently Pesin , brought a smile 
avoided answering the face of the m 
questions regarding his The question, concerni 
earlier neorealist and the names of the Ge 
romantic films by Commandant and 
claiming that he hadn 't consort in "Open 
seen those films since he (the Commandant 's 
made them years ago. But was Bergman , his 
one question , plaintively sort 's name was In 
put forth by UCSD Ex- was of the significa 
tension professor Alan names of that pair in 

movie. 

Economist Talks 
continued from page 5 

employment on their the firms of one i 
Income tax returns . As a and those of other i 
large a proportfon of dustries for t 
working Americans work discretionary income 
for themselves today as the public; internal 
did in 1945. Small competition from 
business will continue to porations in 0 
flourish in the service countries; and "''',,,m,_ 
society of the future. com pet i t i on 

Professor Jacoby said 
that contemporary 
competition should be 
seen as a dynam Ic 
process In'voll'lng many 
dimensions in addition to 
price, such as product 
design and quality, 
services, warranties, 
credit terms and trade-in-
allowances . Also, it 
Includes rivalry between 

conglomerate comoanl. 
ready to enter any m 
If profit prospects 
bright. Tacit collus 
Jtmong a few big firms 
market is unli 
because the decisl 
variables are so 
that no one com pan 
able to predic t 
reactions of his rivals 
move that he makes. 

Chan 

SCUBA DIVER'S GIFTS 
FREE - 1974 GIANT DIVE 

POSTER CALENDAR 
Unique poster calendar with shark Identifier. 
Write for free brochure showing actual 
diver-designed gifts and accessories 
including one-piece lounge suit, beer steins, 
and deluxe his & hers terry beach blanket. • 
ALL monogrammed or personalized . 
Quantity discounts Include club name plus membf 
monograms . 

Distinctive Accessories for Dedicated Divers 
For free brochure write '0: 

SPECIAL TV SPORTS 
SU PPL Y P.o . Box 1737 9002' 

Hollywood, C.1If 
Or call : (213) 850-8100 

Cornet To Appear 
SANTA CRUZ--A comet 

named Kohoutek (Ko-
hoo-tek) is headed our 
way from outer space and 
it could provide a 
spectacular light in the 
Christmas sky. 

"Just how bright and 
dramatiC the comet wi II 
be Is still uncertain, " says 
UC Santa Cruz 
Astro nomer George 
Herbig, who is coor-
dinating comet research 
being done on the UCSC 
campus and by UC's Lick 
Observato ry . " It will 
depen d on h ow rich 
Kohoutek's nucleus is in 
gases and dust boiled 
away in the heat of the 
sun." 

If the comet proves to 
be as bright as many 
scientis ts believe it wi II 
be, it will beg in being 
seen now in morning 
sunrises. Then , as it 
moves closer to the sun , 
it will become hotter and 
brighter uniil it may be 
brilliant enough to be 
seen by the naked eye in 
the daytime. 

Late in December It will 
pass through the tip of its 
ell ipse behind the sun and 
start its journey back to 
Ihe outer limits of our 
sola r system. 

Comet Kohoutek , like 
all comets recorded by 
man, is a piece of in-
terstellar debris left over 
when our sun and solar 
system were formed 
about four and a half 
billion years ago. A vast 
cloud of primitive in-
ters tellar material , 
roug hly in the shape of a 
ball , collapsed into itself 
and created the sun and 
nine major planets . Their 
orbits are in a flat plane, 
something like a dish 
floating in the middle of 

the ball. 
Debris left over from 

that great collapse sti II 
moves through space with 
our solar system. Oc-
casionally a piece of the 
interstellar material , 
perhaps jarred by a 
paSSing star's gravitation 
or drawn in by the sun 's, 
leaves its frozen home 
and starts on a long trip 
into the very heart of the 
solar system. 

As the comet moves 
toward the sun , t he ice 
and frozen gases in its 
nucleus begin to 
evaporate , building up a 
huge cloud of vapor and 
dust. "This material 
glows in the sunnlight to 
form the comet's head 
and is swept back by the 
pressure of the solar wind 
to make the tail ," says 
Herbig. "That is why the 
tail is always pointed 
away from the sun , no 
matter which way the 
comet is traveling." 

The comet was first 
photographed by Dr . 
Lubos Kohoutek of the 
Hamburg Observatory in 
March of this year and 
named in his honor. It's 
other name is "1973f ," 
showing it to be the sixth 
comet discovered Ihis 
year. 

"Comets should not be 
confused with meteorites 
that enter the earth's 
atmosphere , burn 
themselves out as 
shooting stars, and 
sometimes , if they are 
massive enougt"l , reach 
the earth as solid bodies ," 
says Professor Herbig . 
Comets , on the other 
hand, cont inue to orbit in 
space for billions of 
years , returning to the 
neighborhood of the sun 
on a regular basis. 

The Comet Kohoutek is 
what astromers call a 
" long-period" comet. It 
may return to the earth's 
view every many thousand 
years. " Astronomers will 
know more about this 
once the orbit has been 
accurately mapped. " This 
year marks its fi rst ap-
pearance in recorded 
history . 

Comet Kohoutek is 
special because already it 
seems to be unusually 
bright , indicating a rich 
nucleus , and because its 
orbit comes so close to 
the sun (only 13 million 
miles at the closest 
point). That combination 
could produce a very 
impressive show . 

Another famous comet , 
Halley ' s , has been 
coming back to earth's 
view every 76 years , but , 
because it has lost so 
much material on these 
repeateated passages, i t 
has fallen off a great deal 
in brightness (and fame) 
since it was first recorded 
in 240 B.C. 

Although comets are 
not a usual subject of 
research by Dr . Herbig, he 
and other astronomers at 
Lick are Interested in 
Kohoutek for what it 
might tell them about Ihe 
origins of the solar 
system . 

For anyone interested 
in reading more about the 
Comet Kohoutek , Lick 
Observatory has prepared 
an information sheet 
which is available free of 
charge by sending a self-
addressed , s tam ped 
envelope to : Comet 
Kohoutek , Lick Ob-
servatory, UC Santa Cruz, 
Santa Cruz , California 
95064 . 

Tom O'Leary 

Research On Reaction Time 
SANTA BARBARA-

Anyone who has ever hit 
the brakes to avoid an 
automobile collision has 
a slake in the research 
being carried out by 
UCSB Psychology 
Professor Robert M . 
Gottsdanker. 

He is interest~d in 
reaction time : how much 
shorter is It, for example, 
if a driver is alerted to the 
possibili ty that he might 
have to make a sudden 
stop? How long can a 
driver stay in this state of 
alertness and continue to 
show a shorter reaction 
time than If he had no 
warning? What is the 
minimum time required to 
be fully on the alert? 

At a scient ific con-
ference in Stockholm last 
summer, Dr . Gottsdanker 
reported his finding that a 
person in a low state of 
preparation , such as an 
individual cruising along 
the freeway listening to 
his radio with no other 
cars in sight , requires 
three-tenths of a second 
to attain full preparation 
following a warning that 
he might have to make a 
sudden stop . 

"While this seems a 
very brief period of t ime, 
it is considerably longer 
than had been reported 
previously, " he states. 
" And In the case of an 
airplane pilot flying a jet, 
it could be a crucial time 
period." 

He has used such 
studies to develop "a 
theory of preparation" 
which holds that the state 
of preparation is an 
unpleasant or adverse 
one, to be avoided unless 
useful. It is entered in to 
by a deliberate act , which 
shortens the reactio n time 
to any ensuing signal. 

Dr. Gottsdanker, whose 
research is funded by 
grants from the UC 
committee on research , is 
currently studying two 
aspects of preparation : 
the build-up , starting 
from the instant of the 
warning signal , and the 
leng th of time an alerted 
person is able to stay in 
such a state. 

Bob English 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW AfIDWAY 

FEB MART STORE 
3246 IPOII11 AIIEIIA ILVD. 

(ACff* from Sporr. A reM, 
eEYEI EXt_liB ... _,. FILED 

eClmACT LEIB FITTEI..," 
_: Mon.-Fri. t t A.M. - 8 P.M.; SIt. 10 A.M. - 6 P,M. 

22 ... 2113 1M-2174 
I. tNt fa.hlon. -
In wire trim" 

~-advertisements for ourselves ---.". 
services 

TYPING. call Pat. Z11-4711n1 /6) 

I lii0i11 lix your Stereo. lV. etc. $10 plus 
pa ..... John I!iXi961 11116) 

Expen Typing. experienced on all 
t\/DeIS of DIIP8fS. books. Fast --'''''-
Exclnt grammer and spelling . 
ReesorebIa. I BM Selectric. Clai""""",, 
a ...... Call Marilyn a1 !ffi.7060.(11161 . 

FOOSBAI.l I S BACK! Joi n the UCSO 
Foooboll Club. Game available in 
Vacant Lot for member. only 
To,m"llrnents too! Me~t1p only 
$1.!n On sale at the Lot now. (11/6) 

All cBv IVId-East teach-in et San Diego 
State-lor info ~ 1111,... 2)1).2933 
8Y11rinos (1116) 

wanted 
-

SURF1lOARD 1IIIANTID: used; 67·; ;rr 
wide WII PBV up to Gl Call Janet. 4i3-
2111M.(1119) 

WANlID: Blue <>vster CYIt live elbull> 
Fred at 3I6-2II22l1119) 

TENNIS begl nner seeks advanced 
pIr;er for paid leooont call -'nos 
7$lDl7 IPl1 /6) 

WANTIO: MwnoIe piano ftCOOfl1>8r"Iist 
for recording and poooible tou .... Can 
ciaesical or rock. SmIII weekly salary. 
Write: 
D.F.1l 
P.o. Box :l491 
leucacfia. Calif. 
!I:al"M WII rerum by phone. (11 /61 

Wanted: poker llIayen to -"iclpate in 
paid psych experiments. MJSt know 
how to play stud pokBf. ApfHy Rm 4316 
Bldg. 2C. 1-3 PM dally 111161 

WANTED: One old red>Nood bench to e 
picric table. Call Don: !iIJ.OO'62 (11 /61 

URGEf\IT1 Off .C8Il1lUS house needs 
rOOf1TlM8 for Dec. & J8n. Rent $63.75 . 
Good people 222-G12 (1116) 

WANTED: All i.---ad studentI wt.o 
wish to participate activelv on tho 
PrOllram Board Jazz SOOcCllTVTitlrlo In 
tha planning 01 futunl jazz cono:erts at 
UCSO, ~ conI8ct CI.nnoi". Bull .. 
WllllkcBv IMIIlingo from 6 Po m on at 
Q.15C2 or stOp by tho Muir ApIrt. 
ITBnII. N-12 11116) 

WANTED: Volunm. ""th ~ to a 
van or. pick·up to halpCALPI RG Wth a 
r ... c:ycIlng project. Vol~ oInJd 
call Ellen at 4S2.Q2118. (1116) 

WANTED: New Intra to Greek by f'1ese 
& Basic Greek by Foreign Service lnot· 
III1ke 69411 (11 /6) 

Student to write advertisting <XlPV for 
"-i,..,. Re>db!e ~ $2 per. Ed 222· 
IIIIi (11 /6) 

\Mil pay someone to remove broken 
rear axle from and Put rew axle Into 56 
Chevy y, ·ton Don; 53491 (1116) 

HElP11 need a copy aI.lP. Bart",·, 1)£ 
WAIl. IEngli .... -Son) Adrieme 5 
SDl(11/6) 

. personal 
Baby Boer. VIllI 10118 vou. HeI>clY lNrdI 
Hughie. Docie. & LOlAe 111161 

Mar· Cud: Sokola·ta. Chokoreeto, 
Chocola~ Schokolade. Cioccolata 
TJokla~ Atk·esdi.i Hann. & Heid. 
(1118) 
To ..., and 1111 hulTlll1L VuIaIni. 
Clr-goone .... etc. wlthlng Info on EquIcon 
,.. (tho SW T..... eor-mIon): c · 
_1116) 

Lym the WOfnIn. I-M tha Hap. 
pMet .. ,LOYe & KI_ Sua 111/6) 

JoA-A. l.O\I8 for ell s-on. Big 8(1' /61 

saMCESHANG GUDING L£SSONS: 
L£ARN TO 5e.F SOAR ON SAND IN 
Melt 462·1747 (11 /9) 

Homo ..... P<oductI demorwtr1ltl!d In 
~r own honw. let me at..- you _ 

to sa,", timll arel monev Katv McGee ex. cord MJst .... 1 now IIIWu! 011..-
462·8116. (11 /9) J56.3:El 11116) 

Waw color paintirv-ct .... individual 
i rstNCtion $2.00 per lesson. Ilerie! 
CaIre> oEl.Q"l18 111/91 

Auto Repair. Welding , Engine 
Rebuilding Low Rat ... Loren 6 ·1637 
111191 

BIORHYTHM 365·day computer 
....... ltigraph & interpretation · "; Send 
reme eddress. blnhdate ldav·mo-vr) to 
the Synergy. Group 12. Box 177.11. S.O. 
92117 111/6) 

housing 
HOUSING Ferrele rOllrTllte .-led 10 
shI", tt. __ of 1 bdr. apt So. 
Mission. $40 ca ll 488·1306. 

Shera Ana RUItII 280M hom! in 
Sorrento vty-6 rrin UC W/W<xrel1 26 

$112 mo. & util Linda 755·5397 111 /91 

Woukllike to move .... UCSO. PS. or 
Del Mar and _e2 bd ap1. wth lerrela 
rmta. Can pay upto$100rr<>. Call Betty, 
_ UII, after 6 p.m (11 /6) 

femIIe roon"llte needed nowfSolane 
dupl .... $II; month. fum quite rice. on 
Coastal route. 1!iS7314 11116) 

FOR RENT 2 8«m Aot. in Cardiff 
o.-n View from Balcony $175. J53.98Z 
lifter five 11116) 

M or F. Room available in 8 '-<:h lront 
apt. In IVIsai on Beach. Ovvn room IEIO 
shere $1Zl Good place to live. PelS OK. 
Ready for """'-11CY .. ound Nov. 11th. 
Call 'IIIHfi84 or come by 'gT1 Ocean 
Front IMlik Undsay/Caroie (1 1/6) 

Avail. now I'88t of quar. or longer. At· 
tnIC. apt Carmel Va. vic> n. Ext. il1T7 

~ "'"' _ div or grad prat. 111/61 

Shara 4 BR. 2 beth hOuse by USO. 
Fireplace. own roam $ll;/m& util. Mor 
F. Call 0eneI '1!11.{Jf1O. (11/6) 

HolTe for 111M unfIIl1 Urill Oty 2 vrs 
old. new carpets. dr_ 4 bdrm. larrily 
roO/l\ 463-7317 111 /61 

lost & found 
FOUNO Star of Davfd on fOOIbeII field 
10/21 call arel Identify 46:Hi363 ask for 
Marl< (1119) 

LOST: Ftidav Nov. 2. ~ fAlir 2·0 
and porIdng lot . one ~.h searl· 
paiMIy pot1am .--d. No great IIIIIue 
but rtYf lister will kill rna. See Cortcv in 
Triton To".... offioo 111/9) 

FOR SAU: '66 WI _ 
engine. OD 222 IRE (11161 

wOl 

ASCHER PRES SKIIS 1196 em! "",I VI 
factorv guar Gertsch bnd R,ctlle bOOl 
IsxlOl ddes. $150 J56.:Ji10 1116) 

QUART£R HORSE of Poco Bueno . t k 
for sale. 4 vrs. good terre> C811l.Jw&ne OJ! 
J56.58lI late 8\181. 111/61 

Men·. Caredian Indian Sk, s-at .. 
1<M!Iy buffalo design cost $100 sell lIiO 
fits ~ 20..1-.·, Canadian IrOan 

"5I<i ~t8fS fits 7·10 518 ooch ~ 

Head 2«l skis 111Y. Solomon Bindings 
Good cond $112.50 Call UllIi" J!D.SZ13 
after 10 p.m(1116) 

Interarted in loiring in 8 grouo our 
c hase of HP calculators77 Typical 
sa.;ngs of $15 ,n QUBntiti ... of 5-9. ~ in 
1()'14 1_ Corrtact Ikb 45lMl3 111 /61 

MagnevOOl color t .v . 12'. alOC . cord. 3 
will old. all gmts $200. Call 41:& 7670 aft 5 
p. m.1 11/61 

1971 IOoIDA 175cc good condition. $D) 
J56.:mJ --.;ngo (11/6) 

10 y., old ApajOOll8 gelling for sal .. 
Can be registenld, gentle and IJOQd w il 
horoe. $60). 464-7494 111161 

Ski Jacket . New warm Down • 
Medium size $40 Call Moria 463-
491f1(1116) 

FOR SAlE; 72 K'saki :HI cc perfect 
condition 46J.9:1B7 111/61 

NlSHKI SEI\II·PRo. 25··. wth light. 
purro. etc. $150 7!i&e;:Ji .,1/6) 

IM-ite WI sq/beck. rri nt con<ishl 
surYocf. IItm tltr. extras galore 8 
.. St .... I· · Ph: 464-44l6 111/6) 

SURFBOARD: 6· roundtail 21 l'1 
Very Aght and ~ 464-TlM 
11ft. 6 p.m $Ill. (1119) 

B6 Odo Conv • .-Is """ ""'ndow runs 
wall • $61 or t..t oIfw Z1I).1II07 or 294-
!iB1O (Pl1") 

Oaosicai guitar with.-. Bast off .. 
<MI< $100. Call 7$-4643 __ (1119) 

Konice Auto-ReII ... T. A. 8. 52 nvn. $3Il; 
See ~ Revelle Store. after 4:00 
p.m(1119) 

'67Ford Wagon $Vi /off. gnlllt for 
LOST: 'M-ite tire ~ off red bi_te. carl1>i~ed & encl.-ad. rack. 
Can·t be .-moot 11 .... RoM.ord. hitch & .td. eqpts. oEl.(Jl!l; (1119) 
Call EI.i .... 464-6lIl6.(11191 

LOST: Rourw:l "", ... rillYnlJd gI_; 
Revelle fI. Reward. URGENT 463-17111 
(11/91 

MalYi 5t«TI>I1~ Your S- J!w At 
ea.,.,.. NIce Station 111/9) 

LOST: gray _ar In 2A 2113 last T.-
I f found call Sandra 753a!IIl (mv only 
.--mth) r~I"19) 

w /cal1l*" shill. !-itch aorpeted. graat 
cord. 6-8175 Cleve. (1119) 

Ford pickup; good moch condition best 
offer 001'" $400 &8IZ2 (1119) 

~,"· 27x17 x8. 1O'· 3weyair suop 
each Oi, or both $II; plus free album 
call ea:JS (1119) 

MJsI3ng iii. "'""I rnIIintained. good 
runring condition. eo!. MJir 2C3:I22 

FOUND:CAT . ........ belck&wl'iteshort Cheung. 1·10 p .m .(11 /19) 
IBr. Fwnd __ LJ. Vi". Apts on 
Gilman. 274-6793 111/61 

LOST: Ono leather footbell on tha field 
on Sat "lJ/7J. PlEASE call Dicit at & 
TT:JIl 1116) 

LOST: Set of five k .... »'29 East lide 01 
Hum Ubrary PIck I4l In Triton Tomeo 
Office 111/61 

LOST: Orwlar slldomJle ""'th brown 
caee. Has .-.ti mtIntaI value. Call Rick 
4>2·1018 111 \46) 

lleet rtYf notebook and an orange book 
at ten on T.-iey right by Urev. Bob 

PICCOlO for sal.. ArtHev wooden 
Extnt con<I lion. Was $3115 now QXI 
Kathv McGee-4i2~"191 

ffiEB One Ie"""e rlIbbil with _ 
hutch Call Cleve at E3-81l6 (1119) 

SKIS new. never uoed HART 
mEESTYUS .,60 cell Undo or Rror"CI\I 
.... 196~""" (11191 

~11'6) SPEMERS T 

LOST: Navy bI rfs ._er ,n 2D. 
"'- ""urn Sen-.tal val .... Call 
~111 ) 

for sale 
New Bra. $hlp'. Ooc:k. CN" .tip .• 
bel Paid • Sell .,,0. Call Tom _ 
7151.111 I 

more ads on page 16 

Page 15 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 



ads for ourselves:---continued from page 1 
for sale 
»~ ~ Cftn Turilmo b 
a.IIentlh.,.. <An1I¥-dIIWI. tm ~ 
4D4W (11191 

BuddIt Skl-BocJt.. ..... Sial'h GOO 
2'Z2 • ." ... 6 p.m (11191 

IM'£ACH NXON gumbaclced stlcka-a 
:III) 8MIc SoeIence BId (11/91 

'116 Ford WIgon. Pwfect cond. VfIIY low 
r-riIea(Ie. New auto. trana. .. or off ... 
&9272(11191 

FOR SAlE: '71 HaehJng Ski Boots sz. 9 
.., or '-t off.- Art • 4Ii3-8II2 .. 
MIIIIIar (11191 

FORD 64' GeIaxv VfIIY depeI dabIe. 
clean. Rlbuilt engine. IWW cerbLntor. 
11 .... t.twv tc)6 or nwke off.-. Call 
2!l9-3B2 ak for : George (11/61 

All ~ J.:Ut (0Ii"rv! M.w MId t'l5 
New-Uled for 2 Wci.-bIua criv" Ftw* 
~(11/61 

CAM'EA; 1'0,.,'" Ii ... . stowe. 2 
lARGE DOUBLE BUN<S. A .... at ... 
4ll-ZiM (11/61 
1973 c..1 4-apaad, AM'FM DECOR 

3 !WIN II .... 1 older on wt.-.. a-v 
rlnw +ctwhl2!lS-J418 (11/61 

travel 
GROUP SUI\R)()F. V~ Lt urn moo. FLIGHTS YEAR ROUND 
Call 4l1li-11684 (11/61 Europ •• Orl.nt. Isr.el. Africe. AI.o 

• VWbus wi...: reb 89 _ IWW clutch. 
reb D8i\ anow1l ... good oond MIll .. 
006 (11/61 

double bed far alie; iWca wood f .. rna 
«l5 Call ezu; (now" (11/61 

Cani.ter Vecuum Cleaner. Good 
Cord1ion. Q) Call morn. lifter 6. 
(11/61 

on.-w.y.. SP.c. XMAS fl . to 
LONDON . MUNICH .TOKYO . 
Sinc. 1960 ISTC. INC.- Ya Ya Ya N. 
B.v.rly Dr. • B.verly Hill.. C • . 
90210. ph (2131 27S-8180 (11/30) 

EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICAStud.nt 
Flights 1111 year round. CONTACT 
ISCA: 8036 Unlv.rslty Av • . No. 11 
S.n Diego. C.llf. 92116 TEL: tn41 
287·3010 or (2131 326-09156 (11/161 

EUROPE. ISRAEL. JAPAN & N.Y. LON 
COST FUGHTS AVAllA8I..E A.I.S.T. 

''\CJI S. LA ClENEGA Blvd LA. CA 
12131 1162-2727111/301 

I------announcements- ----t 
, 

tuesday 
HANG GUCER$: There IllAII be • 
,.,-.ting tonight at 7 p.m in Bolding 20 
1128. Movi.. and instructional 
argenization wiM be <hcuAad.(11161 

HINe env Idia or 8UQIIIIBIIona for 
RlMlIa actIvItJ. ar lCIIIIIkarw7 If eo. 
conw to the Go.- In Ra.idance 
Con'writtaa Mlllldng Tu-. Nov. 8th In 
the BI.ke Confer.nce Room All 
WIIIoom& (11161 

~ from the foll<Ming 
flm-. will be int8nlilMing on T~ Nov. 
6 U.s. MARINE CORPS: (their ~ 
dayl All ,",ora. all __ Offtcs 
eo.p.. No IQXlInt nac RlMllIe Infarrrel 
Lounge. ttJgaa Ain:r1lft 8S" MS IN 
APIS, ~. lOgic delign. ~ 
and dewlopment. Appoints. and info lit 
the c._ ,,*"ng UbnIrv. nn am. 
I'AIIr HSS.(11 /61 

eom..! about Propollitllin 17 008II It 
..-, ~ '- and Hut- tultion7 
And out lit au.t... ~ 
UInIv. The __ and mrt8rWt. pro & 
con. will be on <hpIav tt-rough Nov. 6. 
Election Dav. (11161 

PR:-~ '""- at you who lit· 
tended the '-t ITIBIIting on Fri .• Oct. 16 
and _ural ICJ to t8CIIiw frae 11ck8ts to 
the 3 day -nn.- in NawoIcIences on 
the first WIIIIk In Nov. PIck ICJ your 
tldtets In the Pr.MiId OffIce on the 8th 
floor at bid 20. Wr. Info far anyone 
alae Intereatad In attanding rrey also be 
pidced ICJ tt.a. (11161 

The Depat1mel1t at History IlIA. pr..-.t 
thefllm"la GnrdIll~on" onT~. 
Nov 13th at 7 p.m in USB 2lIZZ. Ad-
rrisoIion Is free (111131 

wednesday 
AFSC presents Dot Waller In an 
Informal seminar. " The struggl. to 

AIeo what to do with tIwt long 
Thlrbglving Wllllkand(11161 

Ski Club Mlllldng Wad. Nov. 7 USB 2Il2 

and chen-iatJy in the Biology and 
CtwriatIy Clinic. Bomer HIIII 13n; 
()pan;mon.·fri. 2:00600; Aun-Rhua 7!»-
10;00 phorw# 4fi3..D7.(E11 

1It7p.m 11ckIitSalalfartheSunVallay CAPE I. coming. v.tch far It. (11/91 
Trip 81'8 on sale in room 19 d the 
i8Ci'eational offlca from ~ on MNF I..aarnng Flir-Fri Nov. 9; On the I'AIIr 

and 9-12:00 on TTh. laat dnt to pur. '-" by the tan .... courts. "'1 .. pr'OC8IIII 
ct- trip .-:kega is Nov. 16 (if there at aducIItIon should be • piaaaunIbIe 
- env IeftII. (11/61 • ~bIa." Sarna s::tIvitIaa adwduIad 

thursday 
KARATE-KAS: IF YOU WANT YOUR 

_ How to tuna your c.. beak: 
juggling. ~. dome adibit. '-nIng 
vena. politics at ~on. kite 
making and MlREIIf you '-. skill ar 

AAI(F c:ardt and oartlflca1llN (dating talent tIwt you --.t to .... conw to 
from 1m.Aug. ~. 19731 be lit Wrrls the ,tudarrta' Educational Change 
nlIinftoor-roThu .... 3-<tp.iT\orconw CanW. L~ ~r COiI'WI1OiW. or 0111 
to 519 Drak. Hall. MC. 463-9132. lM. Uncaln ar Tani lit IIDrt. Zi16 (11/91 
(11/61 
a-Club Mlllldng Nov. 8. 1973 7:~ 10 AMES FI LM SERI ES F.II QUllrt.r 
p.m. IllAM iMIIt at li1IIIIrnatIonaI Canter Schedul. 119731 Nov. 13 Flow 
(11161 Vi8UIIIzIItlon and Auld MBcIwWca AIm 

31 lrin; Nov. 3) VOi1Ic/ty and Auid 
~ and MadItIItIon: Arlee II)- Mect-enIcs AIm · .. lrin; Nov. 'D 
.tltut. Human experience Evant. Su~ T ... on In Auld MBcIwWcs and 
~ 4:00&30 p.m I'AIIr Apts Fluid M.chanlcs Fllm-29 min. PIa c.: 
l..runga. For Infar. call ~"".(11/6) 2Il2 USB 11". 1;00.2;00 Dav T~ 

WOMEN: The Woman's Cant.r 
eo.IltIon n..-ThndIva In the lHRD 
caJ..EOE REC HALL m1 MCI. Coma at 
noon and bring your lunch. (11161 

Rapr_ntatlvaa from the CAL 
YtESTERN SCHOOL C:E LAW IlIA. '- a 
ilOOi I iMIIt on Tlu'I Nov. 8 to 81C111ein 
t .... r programa to II1I8raatAId students. 
n..v will be located In the RlMlIe 
ForrreI Uu1ga. IIIIora info. 1Mll1aIJI. at 
the c._ ,,*"ng UbnNy. nn 801l, 
IIo\iir HSS.111161 

UKE TO I\IE£T THE MAN BEHIND 
UREY HAU..7 Thurs. Nov. 8. lit 8 p.m in 
the Ral.talle ForrreI Uu1ge. the G.Mst in 
Ralidanca Comirittaa IlIA" be spoo. 
sorIng an inforrrel cis IMth Dr. Herold 
Urev. Prota.or EmerItus. All ara IrMtad 
and refnIehrnent:s IllAII be ..--I. (11/61 

1111711 

Repi_,tlltI_ from the fdkMIng 
flm-. IllAM be corwb;ting I~ 
on FrI.. Nov. 9 Us. DEPT. C:E HEALTHI 
EOUCAllON AND VllELFARE: SA-
SOCIAL ScIences and U.... Ana. 
MIII ...... ,.1t Int.-n Program. AETNA 
UFE & CASULTY: All __ ,..,., 
lTIIIIIar. SpadalIzed ..... MIII-uoonl.1t, 
Corparllt. Recruiting. Appoint 

~ conw to the car- PlanW1g 
UbnMv. rm am. r.ur HSS.(11161 

r.habllit.ta the Vietnamese" Noon· Tha Triton Wargamlng Socl.ty 
2 p.m . W.d. Nov. 7 Revelle Informlll m .. ts this lind every Thurs. night 
Loung • . Bring your lunch or Just in 1102 Tioga Hall. Mulr·W. m .. t 
drop by fOr slid... tap.s and. from 6:30-2 Newcom.rs welcome. 

All stud.nts Int.r.lt.d in 
Education Abrolld Program 
should att.nd a m •• ting at 7:30 
p.m . on Thurs Nov. 16th at the 
Int.rnational C.nt.r A movl. 
mad. by UC .tud.nts will be 
shown. UCSD students r.turn.d 
from IIbroad will sp.ak and coff •• 
and cookl.s will b. sarv.dl Nov. 
16th Is th.IIPplic.tlon daedlin. for 
those int.r •• t.d in the UK and 
Ir.land progrllm (1974-761. J.nu.ry 
16th Is the d.adlln. for the 
unlversltlas in tha following 
countrl.s : Franca . G.rmany. 
SPllln. Italy . lar.al . Japan. 
L.banon. Mexico. Gh.na. K.nya . 
Norway . Sweden . and Hong 
Kong. (11/101. 

discuasion(11 / 61 (Ell 

EfI'IIR)fSY NOV. 7. 1973 The 1!J73.74 
SNoI OtEGO f'lEW POETRY SERIES 
pres.nts San Fr.ncisco poet 
Ron Loawireohn reading from his 
poems Ir RlMllIa Inforrrel Uu1ge lit 4 
p.m sarles is lII>OflIIOrad by the 
Depts at Ut and Visual Arts and the 
Ca"1lUS Pl'OIJI'IIm Board at UCSO and 
the SchI. 01 at Utenrtlft and CUtrual 
Arts Board at SDSU. (11/61 

AlMaors car- Cour1IIIIors. Wad. Nov. 
'7th ~ Iw- 1445. I,,(u aLout d~. 
acadarri.. IllMeing. c.-aar cholc.. 
studen\ ;aMcaa. (11161 

Rapr_1IIItivw from the foll<Ming 
tim-. wi'l c:oncU;tIng intaNl_ on 
Wad. ~v. 7. SENOR DESIGN CORP: 
All degr_; AMES APtS Artiatlc 

I~ A ~ng firm PtIK)N. 
T'OONERY WN'O. SA. MA; Soda! 
Sc:iencaa or Ubafel Arts. R.tall 
MII-uoo, •• trIIi.... AppointrT*'ltl 
and ~ info lit the ear.. PI~ 
Ubnrv. nn IID3. Mar HSS. (11161 

ucso Outing Club (I'AIIr CI MIIIta at 7 
p.m In HI.. ,... CTtis w.k 0I1tyI Tripe 
(.-at and futuntI . ~. r"'-
forTre and tripe will ... be cha-s. 

UCSD Dep.rtments of L1tar.tura 
lind Dr.ma pre •• nt jointly Alme 
Ceaair.·. RETURN TO MY 
NATIVE LAND. II multlm.dla 
reading by Floyd Gaffney (Drama Revelle Guast. II)-Relldence Coirn1ttaa 
Dept(- DIRECTED BY Michel Is planning a triP to Palonw ()b. 
Benamou (Lit Dept.l. with slidel ..wtory. The trip IllAII be Sat. Nov. 
end music from MartlnIQu • . At. 10tn The bua willI_ from Urey Hall 
22!iO Bldg . 2· 0 . Nov. 8. 1973 lit 8:00 at 10 a.m and ralUm to _ lit 5 p.m 
p .m 11111 Bring a sack lunch The Oba.-vIItory I. 

saturday 
ATTENTION CHICANAS 
MUJER will be having I junta and 
lunch. It will b. h.ld Sit. Nov. 3 at 
2 p.m . lit Low.r D.Anza Third 
ColI.g. Dorm • . MUJER will m .. t 
n.xt Wed. Oct. 31 at 4 p .m . In the 
250 bldg. of MC to dl"cuss the 
comlda. the Chlcan. CI... and 
oth.r I •• u.. of Int.r •• t to 
Chlcllnas. (11/131 

general 
GIlt hIIp In you' '- ~aIon and 
.",. upper cIvIaIon ~ In biology 

VfIIY intaraatlng and the su-roundng 
grounds end trails ara ~fuI. Sign ICJ 
In RlMllIe Relldent Dean', Offlat by 
Nov. 6th. Thera is a .1 ncnrafundllble 
c;twga. 111161 

DEADLINE OTt E : Due ck-lIdiin 8 

(or cia slfu!(l ads and announcements : 

friday at 5 pm . (or TU(! day paper . 

W m sday at 5 p m (or ,riday paP" 

Page 16 Triton Times, November 6, 1973 

VOTE 
TOD V 

Do you want to 188 fees go up? 
If the Reagan Tax Scheme passes, 

-$620 million would have to 
be carved out of next year's 
state programs-until even 
more harmful and damaging 
cuts needed in future years. 

-The University of California 
and Califofnia State 
. Universities and Colleges 
would be most defenseless to 

such cuts. 
-If the higher education 
budget is slashed, then 

aJEducational programs 
must be cut-especially 
financial and or new and 
progressive programs, or 

blTuition will go up, or 
clBoth of the above. 

onPROP.ON£ 
Ev .. Chari. Hitch Vot. NO 

"Paid for by Student. In Oppo.ltlon to Prop. 1 n 


