
Grq Hicks 
What is our greatest asset in developing solutions to 

pressing problems such as overpopulation and energy 
shortage1 According to world famous anthropologist 
Dr. Margaret Mead, "The only thing that can possibly 
improve us is that we don't have enough time." 

Dr. Mead explained this view in a lecture at the 
. Veteran's Hospital last Thursday evening, sponsored by 
University of California Extension. Dr. Mead asserted 
that "the only time when human beings really work 
hard for the collective good is when they feel the 
collective good is in danger." In her view, it takes an 
emergency situation, such as the one at present, to get 
people to respond to a problem. An example of such a 
situation is wartime, when people act selflessly and 
energetically for the common good. 

We have only recently realized the existence of 
crisis in the areas of resouces, population, and pollu-
tion, Dr. Mead said. She stated that in the 1950's these 
problems were not cqnsidered at all. This era of 
optimism was brought to an end when people 
recognized the problems connected with massive 
energy consumption, a rapidly increasing population, 
and addition of foreign materials to the environment. 
The implication of these proble-ms was, Dr. Mean said, 
that a change in our way of living was necessary. 

One important aspect of the environmental situa-
tion, according to Dr. Mead is that it circumvents the 
long disputed question of 'sovereignty vs. inter-
nationalism'. One group of people maintained that the 
nation state was a barrier to international concern; 
others felt that love of country is good and somehow 
opposed by internationalism. Solid barriers were drawn 
up between those who were "interested in developing 
the planet" and those who extolled love of country. 

Volume 18, Number 11 

Mead Lectures 
at VA Hospital 

Anthropologist Margaret Mead addresses Exten-
sion group at Veteran's Hospital last Thursday. 

Photo: Kahn 

University of California, San Diego 

According to Dr. Mead this barrier could not exist in 
the face of the pressing environmental situation. The 
environmental situation was such that if any country 
attempted to remedy the situation, the world profited. 
Concern for one's country involved, becuase of the 
nature of the problem, actions which affected the 
condition of the entire world. 

One extremely important aspect of the present 
situation, Dr. Mead said, is the possibility of an "apathy 
of despair". A great threat, she said, can have the effect 
of demoralization and discouragement from action . 
According to Dr. Mead, it is necessary to have a certain 
amount of fear of the present situation (in order to 
motivate action) but at the same time not to despair to 
the extent that resignation results . 

The challenge right now, Dr. Mead said, is to "design 
a future worth living for and if necessary worth dying 
for." We need, she said, to develop pictures of t~ ~ 
future that are enjoyable to think about. It will ~ " 
necessary, she believes, to redesign our society. 0 .p 
fundamental and necessary change wi" b cu tting 
down energy consumption in the face of a shortage of 
theis resource. 

Another need is the development of a culture 
"which has a place for every person born into that 
culture." The models of such a culture are natural 
languages in. which every person can participate and 
"share in the whole" regardless of race, level of 
intelligence, and other individual characteristics. In 
terms of short range goals, the most immediate necessi-
ty, according to Dr. Mead, is to inform people of how 
little time is left to deal with the serious problems 
which we face. Only after such a realization occurs wi" 
people respond actively and selflessly to these 
problems. 

Tuesday, February 13, 1973 

UCSD Physics Professor Hannes Alfven has taken part in the dis-
cussions involving the increasing of nuclear plant in San Onofre. 

Chemistry Professor Robert Linck currently is facing difficulty in his 
attempts to get tenure granted to him by his department. 

. 

Photo: Kahn 

AEC Dispute He San Onofre 
Greg Moser 

The dispute over the two 
new 1140 megawatt San 
Onofre nuclear power 
plants (partially described 
in the last issue of the 
TRITON TIMES) is but a 
small part of the larger 
issue involved. It is 
generally agreed that, ac-
cording to current plans 
for expansion of nuclear 
faCilities, there will be 
so me 500 nuclear 
genera ting plants 
opera ting in the U.S. by the 
turn of the century. These 
wi" produce at least 25% of 
Our electricity and possibly 
more. 

Fission reactors, non-
breeder and breeder types, 
produce small quantities of 
highly radioactive wastes, 
among the most toxic that 
exist. 

On the other hand, 
present-day reactor s 
produce virtually no air 

pollution and new gas-
cooled types promise to 
decrease thermal pollution 
by increasing efficiency of 
heat use,. 

The debate about 
nuclear energy centers on 
whether the dangers in-
herent in the use of 
nuclear energy can be 
completely overcome . 
Many scientists and energy 
producers say the 
possibilities of real danger 
to the public are so remote 
as to be insignificant. 

Those opposing its use 
say no possibility is in -
significant. 

Both camps have strong 
arguments in their favor. 

A recent issue of the 
Bulletin of the Atomi c 
Scientists stated " It has 
been suggested that as 
much harm can be don to 
society by overestimating 
the effects of radiation and 
thereby depriving mankind 

of some of the beneficial 
uses of nuclear energy as 
by underestimating them 
and inducing limited, 
pathological effects. Public 
hysteria induced by pop-
ular presentation of 
preliminary conclusion 
should ... be avoided . 
However, there is in the 
establishment active in the 
production of radioactivity 
so strong a built-in bias to 
neglect the effects of low-
level radiation that the only 
counterba lance available 
in our industrial 
democracy seems to be 
public concern, and this 
can only be aroused by 
popular presentation of 
the countervailing 
evid nce." 

let us examine this 
"built-in bias" and also the 
"popu lar pre entation of 
preliminary conclusion ." 

continued on 2 

Linck in Tenure Limbo 
Rick Drom 

Why has Professor Linck 
not been moved to tenure 
by the Chemistry 
Department? 

The answer to this ques-
tion bothers many students 
and faculty members at 
UCSD. According to his 
Department Chairman, Dr. 
Kraut, " Linck is one of the 
best if not the best teacher 
in the Chemistry Depart-
ment today." 

Why then will he not be 
able to teach at UCSD next 
fall1 

Robert Linck cam to 
Revelle seven years ago as 
an assi tant professor of 

.inorgani chemistry. He 
arriv d with the hop of 
being granted tenure. He 
realized that if after sev n 
year the 0 partment did 
not fe I that they would 
want to hav him on th 
Chemistry Department for 

the rest of his life, that he 
could not be re-hired at 
UCSD for an eighth year. 

During the last seven 
years, Dr . Linck ha 
published approximately 
20 technical papers in his 
field. None of them has 
ever been challenged or 
proven wrong. In fact, in 
eptember one of his 

papers received high praise 
at a convention of cien-
tists. 

Besides doing resear h, 
lin k has taught a full load 
ach year. Th quality of 

hi t aching i in-
di putabl . 

I n the last stud nt 
valuation of tach rand 

classe, hi valuations 
were con ist ntly high, 
with 93.5% of the stud nt 
Who an w r d ratin hi 
g n ral t a hing ff 
tiv n b tw n good and 

xc II nt . Th comm nt 

Photo: Eastern 

after the evaluation was, 
"Linck lectures are good -
no doubt about it." 

s t he yea rs passed, 
Linck watched fellow 
prof or a" around him 
being granted tenure . 
Indeed only one or two 
had ever not been given 
tenure by the Chemi try 
Department. 

Two years ago the 
ferm r Ch mistry Chair-
man, Dr. Kamen, talk d 
with Linck and a sured 
Linck that he xp ct d him 
to be grant d t nur in 
19i'2. Ever thing looked 
promi ing for Linck . 

On November 10J 1972 
th t nur d m rn r Of 
th Chemi t,· Departm nt 
m t to on id"r ivin 
Linck t nur . CI"t 
ballot wa taken and ov r 

4 of the 20 m mb r vot d 
to giv Linck t nur ; to 

continu d on pag 2 



Dr. Saltman to Speak 
on LSD 

Rick Drom 

Today, students, faculty and staff will have an oppor-
tunity to hear Dr. Paul Saltman speak on lSD and 
hallucenagenics in our society. 

Dr. Saltman, former provost at Revelle, is now the 
Vice-Chancellor of Academic Affairs at UCS~ .. When 
he was teaching at UCS many.years ag~, he par.trClpated 
in an lSD experiment. A film of hiS reactrons and 
feelings while under the influence of LSD .was m~de. 

Tonight, at 8 p.m. in the Revelle Cafeterra, portlo~s 
of that film will be shown. Afterward, Dr. Saltman Will 
discuss the experiment and the biological as well as 
social aspects of mind-expanding drugs. 

Following his talk, there wil! be a questi?~ and 
answer period in which the audience can partICipate. 

This discussion is being sponsored by the Revelle 
Guest in Residence Committee. The discussion will be 
free. All are invited to attend . 

Course, Professor 
Eval~ations are Back! 
(A Whole University Productions Press Release) 

They're finally fack ... The Course and Professor 
Evaluations (CAPE) carried out last quarter by the 
Students ' Educational Change and Development 
Center have been brought together, proce.ssed and 
computerized and the results are n~w aV~llab.'e for 
inspection and review at the Center s OffICe In the 
south end of the lower Muir Commons. We hope that 
students as well as faculty will come by the Center 
(which is open at least from 10-2 everyday) to get an 
idea of how the evaluations went and to check out ~he 
responses in classes they were in or are contemplating 
being in . 

CAPE covered over 130 of the 300 classes offered at 
UCSD last quarter with the number, o! r~sponses 
totalling well over 10,000. What is statistICally much 
more signigicant is that the system that was used 
resulted in a response return rate of over 2/3 In most 
classes I Faculty cooperation, the hard work of student 
volunteers and overall student interest in the 
evaluations helped make CAPE the most extensive and 
most successful evaluation program ever at UCSD. 

Whole University Productions (the media. and 
publishing umbrella of the Students Educatronal 
Change and Development Center) will print the results 
of this quarter's and last quarter's evaluations in the 
spring of this year for general distribution. T~er~ is not 
much money available for our CAPE publications so 
publishing once a year is a neces~ity . However, .the 
results of the evaluations will be avaIlable for examina-
tion by students and faculty all quarter at the C.enter. 

This quarter's evaluations ",:ill be directed by, lincoln 
Cushing, new student coordinator of the prOJect . He 
hopes to expand the coverage of courses through a 
new system of distribution in which a s~all group .of 
students majoring in a department Will work "':Ith 
faculty in setting up and carrying out the evaluation 
program in their particular department. "last quarter 
we had stu :l~nts just sign up for classes they were 
enrolled in d'1d the response was good but not exten-
sive enough. We feel that a departmental approach will 
have a lot clf 'advantages including better cover~ge of 
the courses," Lincoln stated. Asked about the deSign <;>f 
the question lIir .. ~, I incolo sta~ed that CAPE .wlli 
attempt thi~ quarter to use a serres of lie'" qL!~ . t,nn-
naires based on the one used last term but deSigned 
specifically for lab, seminar, lecture or studio cours~s . 
Students and acuity are encouraged to stop by or wrrte 
to the Cemer with their suggestions for questions for 
the questionnaires, Billie 10 Shebo, a psychology stu-
dent interested in the area of evaluation systems has 
arranged possible course credit fo~ a s~all gro~p of 
students who are interested in questionnaires deSign to 
study various inwstruments and to develop the new 
CAPE questionnaires. . 

Everyone who is interested in Course eval~atlon~, 
questionnaire design or improving the courses rn their 
major department are asked to drop by the Center or 
call 453-2000 extension 2516, or come to the CAPE 
organizational meetings on Wednesday at 12 noon. 

Child Care Center 
Needs Help 

Linck ... continued from page 1 
teach at UCSD for the rest 
of his life . 

this was the new evidence 
gathered before Nov . 29th 
which changed the minds 
of at least 5 tenured 
members. 

New Information 
Revealed The UCSD Day Care Center is presently inadequate, 

even for the needs of the 20 children currently 
enrolled. It is understaffed and can onl~ afford 1/;-
hour of maintenance a day, so that the children a.ren t 
properly supervised and don't have.a healt~y environ-
ment to play in .• The recreation equipment IS scarce -
only 2 swings for 20 children - and the grounds are 
bare and eroded. Many UCSD parents choose not. to 
use the center because it is so inadequate, but there IS a 
waiting list of about 20 children. 

But on November 29, a 
special meeting of the 
Department was called to 
reconsider this decision . 
New information about 
Linck had come to the 
attention of the group. 
Kraut described the 
meeting this way. 

"A very long, emotio."al 
and agonizing diSCUSSion 
occurred on the basis of 
this new information. 
When the vote was taken 
and counted, the Depart-
ment had split on whether 

What these letters said is 
uncertain . To the best of 
linck's knowledge the 
comments lacked sub-
stance and meaning. A 
sample was supposedly, 
"Linck's research, although 
competent, well carried 
out and sufficient in quan-
tity was not sufficiently ex-Although the university has plans for enlarge and 

improve the center some time in the future, the 
children have an immediate need for: Another full -
time staff person; 2 part-time staff persons; complete 
maintenance: grass, sand, and pavement; more toys 
and books; more sleeping cots; a s~ove and a 
refrigerator: rugs: and miscellaneous repairs. These are 
minimal requirements and they are needed NOW. The 
university has a responsibility. to its stu~~~ts and 
employees to provide good. chl~d ca.re fa~llltles. The 
present facility has no unrverslty financial support 
whatever. 

A meeting has been called for al! concern~d stud~nts 
and staff to discuss ways of meeting these Immediate 
needs. The meeting will take place on Thursday, 
February 15 at 4:30 p.m. in the .International Cen~er 
<between Third College and MUir) . If you need child 
care while you attend classes or work at UCSD, come to 
the meeting Thursday - the only way to get adequate 
child care facilities at UCSD is to get together and 
demand that the university provide them. 

AEC Dispute ... continued from p .. ge 1 
John Gofman and Arthur 

Tamplin , both 
biophysicists, were hired 
by the Atomic Energy 
Commission (AEC) to study 
the effects of man-made 
radioactivity on plants, 
animals and human beings. 

Their analysis of. available 
data led them to conclude 
that the legal limits for 
radiation would cause "in-
tolerable suffering due to 
somatic effects such as 
cancer and due to genetic 
effects which will turn up 
in future generations." 

Tamplin first displeased 
the AEC when he did not, 
as he was asked, destroy 
Ernest Sternglass's theory 
of high infant mortality 
being a direct result of 
nuclear fallout . He did say, 
however, that Sternglass 
had exaggerated the 
effects. 

Discoveri ng that thei r 
findings were not being 
made public by the AEC, 
the Gofman and Tamplin 

Discovering that their 
findings were not being 
made public by the AEC, 
Gofman and Tamplin have 
taken their information. to 
the public through 
speeches and articles 
published in popular 
magazines. For this they 
have been w idely 
criticized. 

What d id Sternglass say? 
In June of last year he 
reported, "The situation 
where only 5 millirads are 
given to the embryo during 
the critical 3 months of 
early ... development ... is 
now and will continue to 
be legally possible. (The 
legal limit is 170 millirads.) 
The chance of a serious 
congenital defect or cancer 
(at the 5 millirad level) ... is 
1250 times greater than for 
the case of a chest x-ray 
that gives 10 times the 5 
millirad dose to the chest 
of the parent ." He said 
embryos were 100 to 1,000 
times more sensitive to 
radiation at this stage than 
adult somatic and 
reproductive cells. 

Additionally, he held 
t hat during the peak 
periods of fallout due to 
above ground testing in 

1963-~, strontium levels in 
milk in the U.S. were high 
enough to cause 56,000 

deaths each year . 
The methods used to 

reach these conclusions 
have been critically at-
tacked by many scientists, 
thus, there have been c~lIs 
made for more exacting 
and factual studies which 
could have been proven 
conclusively. 

From this desire for hard 
facts has come the request 
from organizations such as 
the Committee for Nuclear 
Responsibility for a 
moratorium on the con-
struction and operation of 
nuclear power plants . 
locally, Dr. Harold Urey 
and Dr. Hannes Alfven are 
supporters of this group. 

Gofman has said, " What 
is really at issue is a moral 
question - the right of 
one generation of humans 
to take upon itself the 
arrogance of possibly com-
promising he earth as an 
habitable place for this and 
essentially all future 
generations. " 

Dr . Hannes Alfven, 
professor of physics at 
UCSD and Nobel laureate, 
has written, "One gets the 
impression that the claim 
of the reactor constructor 
- that the reactor under 
normal operating con-
ditions is not harmful - is 
likely to be correct. ... 

. Nobody who has visited a 
reactor station can avoid 
being deeply impressed by 
the ingenuity and skill 
which are manifest in the 
safety precautions ." But 
like Gofman, he fears " nor-
mal" conditions cannot 
always be maintained . 
Sabotage and acts of God 
cannot always be con-
trolled. 

The attitude of the 
nuclear establishment 
towards the safety of 
nuclear power is evident in 
the following excerpt from 
a Southern California 
Edison Company report on 
transport of nuclear wastes. 

"The probability of an 
accident is remote and the 
probability of one severe 
enought to release con-
tamination to the environ-
ment is even smaller. An 
incident that would 
produce conditions more 
severe than the stringent 
specifications set forth In (a 
regulation) would require 

t " to grant tenure or no ., . 
In cases like these, It IS 

the Department Chair-
man's duty to make t~e 
final decision. Linck said 
that Kraut discussed it with 
him and that they both 
agreed that it would be 
best for all if Kraut didn 't 
actively attempt to over-
turn the decision. 

Kraut recalled that their 
agreement was analogous 
to getting married. Unl.e~s 
both sides are sure that It IS 
best it should not happen . 
"It ~ould be very difficult 
to work in a department 
store where you knew that 
half of your colleagues 
didn't want you to be 

' there", he said . 
What was the new infor-

mation that was revealed in 
19 days that outweighed 7 
years of work? Kraut said 
that he could not reveal 
the substance of it. Per-
sonal letters of recommen-
dation are only good if 
their source can remain 
anonymous. Because of the 
nature of the comments, 
Kraut felt that the identity 
of the sources would 
necessarily be identified . 

He would say that it had 
nothing to do with Linck's 
morals, teaching or per-
sonal behavior. Instead he 
said that it was of a purely 
professional nature: 
something only an 
'!in organic chemistry 
professional" could un-
derstand . 

Linck said that he was 
never told what the new 
information was , but 
through rumors and hints 
he has been able to make a 
guess . 

Unck's Cuess 
His guess is that two, 

possibly three letters of 
recommendation were not 
received by the Depart-
ment by Nov. 10. After the 
meeting, someone in-
quired and found that 
these scientists did not feel 
that they could give high 
recommendations to 
Linck's work. Ultimately 
these letters were sent and 

that several unfavorable 
events, each having a low 
probability of occurrence, 
occur simultaneously." 

, . I 
citing, of internatlona 
reputation. " 

Students may be able to 
understand criticism of ex-
periments on the basis of 
poor technique or poor 
theory. Perhaps even per-
sonal rivalry can be un-
derstood . But students fjnd 
it very hard to believe that 
UCSD will lose Professor 
Linck on the basis that his 
research lacked sufficient 
"international reputation.". 

Kraut suggested that 
maybe the standards in the 
Chemistry Department 
were being re-examined 
and tightened and that 
Linck was caught in the 
middle. Perhaps some 
tenured members wished 
to set an example for 
future cases. 

Studenb Protest 
Students have reacted 

vigorously and strongly to 
the news th1t they will lose 
Linck . Numerous petitions 
are being signed to ask 
Kraut to reconsider. In ad-
dition the Chemistry 
Department is be ing 
flooded with letters in sup-
port of Linck. Linck ap-
preciates the students' sup-
port for him . 

The petitions ask for a re-
examination of Linck's case 

. on the grounds that if a 
decision to grant tenure 
can be changed in 19 days, 
why can't it be changed 
back in another 19 days? 
Unfortunately, time is 
against the students' effor~s 
because the Department IS 
obliged to notify a 
professor of his standing 
one year before the expir~­
tion of his contract; In 
linck's case, the end of this 
month is the deadline. 

About the only chance 
for a reconsideration of 
Linck's case lies with other 
factors in the tenure 
process, like the Budget 
Committee or the 
chancellor's office. 

"What I can't un-
derstand", Linck said, "is 
hawaII my teaching can 
amount to so little , Why 
should the granting of 
tenure rely so heavily on 
the recommendations of a 
few individuals, off cam-
pus, on the quality of my 
research ?" 

now the AEC has not been allo~ed to make studies on 
other sources of power. 

In a similar way, the AEC 
reported that a scheduled 
series of nuclear blasts to 
open up natural gas 
reserves in Colorado 
would go on despite local 
objection. 

They said, "The 

The newly appointed 
head of the AEC, Dixie Lee 
Ray, has indicated that ~he 
AEC will soon be making 
studies on other sources of 
power. But that is not 
enough. Dr. Hannes Alfven 
says the energy problem 
ought to be treated as a 
"one world problem," likelihood of an accidental 

release of significant 
amounts of radioactivity in 
overlying aquifers or to the 
atmosphere is considered 
by the AEC to be so highly 
improbable as to constitute 
no risk." 

When licensing .. n 
atomic power plant, the 
AEC considers the alter-
natives to nucle .. r power in 
that circumstance. Until 

"There are so many 
vested interests on both , 
sides. We need a high class , 
group of scientists to get a 
balanced view." 

He has urged formation 
of such a group using ex-
isting organizations such as 
Pugwash or the Inter-
national Atomic Energy 

continued on ~.e 6 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, February 13, 1973 

arts 
Film/Brandon Wander 

Wham, Bam, 
Thankyou Ma'am! 

In murdering movies, it's no longer acceptable to load a body full of bucksh,ot. 
You have to murder with scientific precision from fifty different Kama Sutra-Ilke 
positions - and all at the same time. " The Mech~nic" greases the case. Charles 
Bronson is the killer grease monkey, sent by Mr. Big on the phone to rub out the 
Mob's unwanted members. Greaser views himself as a skilled technician, on the 
level of a NASA engineer, and rationalizes his erasing as a pragmati.c social 
function. "The only difference between me and the government, poll.ce, and 
military is that they' have a license to kill. " Everyo.ne's doing the murderln,g .b~p 
cannon hop, at home and abroad, so why can't an Independent contractor Jorn In 
the fun? 

This Michael Winner film is concocted from an original screenplay by lewis 
John Carlino. Only parts of the flick are winners. The rest are crumpled up ieces of 
typing paper ripped from the screenwriter's typewriter, thrown in the trash can, 
and retrieved when he found out he didn't have enough material. The d ia logues 
fit on the head of a pin. . 

A flavorful bite, though long in length and short on words, are the openln~ 
scenes. Sneaking into dark rooms and slithering down yellowed, poorly lit 
corridors of a cheap flop house, the mechanic is caught in his act. He surveys 
target, squints through camera, plots, connives, and develops an elaborate plan of 
baking plastic explosives in the dude's oven . But that's merely dessert. More 
gooey bubble gum is stuck in a b~ok .. Pois~ned tea bags preplace. our gent's 
quaint English Breakfast tea (now thiS am't crlCketl) and the Mechanrc pulls out 
his high-powered cannon . The poor dope's drugged from tea 'n crumpets and the 
Mechanic pops not him but the book, that explodes, the oven explodes, the 
whole apartment explodes, and our gent gets a severe burning sensation . Over, 
under, sideways down, the Macha.nic knows how to g~t .ar.oun.d. . 

One real treat in this flick is looking at Bronson. Charlie IS In hiS forties and had 
finally made it. He's the biggest box office attractio in Europe and has signed a $5 
million contract with Dino De laurentis to make three movies. Not bad. But 
unlike Clint Eastwood, who paved this tough guy Western to cold-blooded "l?i~ty -
Harry" route, Bronson has a face you don't get tired of. They both act rather rrgl~ , 
deadpan, and are consummate white skull-crushers. Clint Eastwood chomps hiS 
hot dog, and Bronson chews his ice cream. But Br~nson has long .black ha ir that 
isn't neat and gets in his eyes. He has great, deep wrr~kles, and not Just one o~ two 
in the forehead , but six or seven everywhere, And he s got a wonderful flea-bitten 
moustache. , 

After 15 minutes of film, the Mechanic speaks: " Yes ... yeLyes.' All in 
monotone, long and dull. Boy that's great. We soon meet a four candle framed 
Keenan Wynn, and his son . Is this huskv blond kid a homosexual? Aren't those 
Tom Cat gay photos of the blond 's buff? Quickly under the rug with that 
possibility, we learn that this Jan M ichael Vincent, a new sculptured Hollywood 
face and Disney stable stud with Bobby Sherman demeanor, is going to be the 
Mechanic's protege because, well, just because the mechanic likes him. (This 
flick 's short on sense). And it turns out, the kid's been hired to rub out his prof. 
But first, we need to give the Mechanic some all-American characte r, and fill out 
the movie . There's a completely irrelevent Sunset Strip sequence where the 
anxiety-ridden Mechanic is flipping out because of all !he downers he takes to 
keep him from flipping out. (More good sense). 

We zip over to the Mechanic's Bel-Air pad and find an Hieronymous Bosch 
painting - The Garden, natch - and then split to a corn ball scene where he 
plays romantic rapist to a panting farm girl who turns out to be a classy hooker. 
Her slick schtick to arouse the Mechanic's grunt an imalism is to ,,00 at him and 
read love letters, " I had a feeling you'd come. Oh, my darling, it's been so long." 
The Mechanic rises in the morn, swishes his hair surfer style, plants some loot in 
her hope chest, and sez flatly, "Try to think of something like that next time." It 's 
interesting that this frilly prostitute is Jill Ireland, who's Bronson's real-life wif . 

After this wham bam bed slam, Mr. Wrinkles returns to his sport. Not only does 
he murder with class, but has a plan for every fix . "Be dead sure of dead", he sez. 
Most of all, he doesn't like a mess. And here's where the flick dives into the value 
sy~tem of a man whose existence equals violence , The Mechanic likes things clean 
and neat. He derives spiffy sophistication in that when he puts the finger on a 
dude he doesn't "cowboy" the job, but gift-wraps him. The art of violence is the 
movie's core. The Mechanic is a stream-lined artist. He lives only to be part of an 
on-going artistic process, a process that exists only in killing. To picture the boom-
boom man as an essential social function, might not be funny . Yet to think that 
this ultimate macho role is an attractive, exciting, see-the-world life style makes 
one do a double-take. "The Mechanic's" paints a mural, flashy and hot, depicting 
the two classes of people in this world, the dudes on top dishing it out and the 
ones being dished upon. Or, in the flick's aesthetic, the artist putting the pollock 
to the canvas. 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Acroaa from Sporta Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED erRESCRIPTIOIS RUED 

-CONTACT LENSES FlmD ..,AIRS 
Houa: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; Sat. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2173 224-2174 latest fashions In wire frames 

Flack In Concert 
On Sunday, February 18, Roberta 

Flack w" 1 appear in concert at Ih 5,5000 
sea t San Diego Sports Arena 
Amphitheater. 

By age four Roberta was playing tunes 
on the piano by ear, and at 13 she won 
second place in a statewide piano con-
test in her home state, North Carolina. 
At 15 she entered Howard Universi ty 
and in three years she graduated with a 
B.A. Degree in music education . After 
accepting a teaching positio n in 
Washington, she taught for several years 
but became disen chanfed withthe 
school system . While teaching she 
moonlighted on part-lime si nging jobs, 
and in 1967' she quit teaching to begin a 
full time singing career in Washington 
clubs. 

Her reputation grew quickly as many 
entertainers came to see her perform : 
Burt Bacharach, Carmen McRae, Bill 
Cosby and finally Les McCann who 
helped Roberta sign with Atlantic for 
her first album, " First Take ," She has 
since had several million sellers hits 
including "First Time I Ever Saw Your 
Face," and her most current single, 
" Killing Me Softly With His Song," Her 
latest album is entitled " Quiet Fire." 

Rese rved seats are $4.50, $5.50, $6.50 
and are available at all Bill Gamble's 
Stores, Arena Ticket Agencies and the 
Sports Arena Box Office (224-4176). 
Show time is 8 :00 p,m. 

Mush-Headed Meta hysics Greg Shaw (AFS) 
Want to have a hit album? It's easy: 

just learn to play some innocuous 
acoustic melodies, add lyrics full of 
pseudo-metaphysical claptrap, and get 
Jerry Garcia so stoned he doesn't mind 
saying you sound like the next. Beatles, 
From there it's only a hop, skip and a 
jump to a half-million dollar contract 
with Columbia, a billboard on Sunset 
Strip, and a lead review in Rolling Stone. 

That's basically what happened to the 
Rowan Brothers. Not exactly, of course. 
Their album (Columbia KC 31297) ac-
tually caps off a couple years' worth of 
playing around Marin County and the 
Bay Area and building up a loyal 
following of yoga students and cosmic 
groupies (the kind that give Tantric 
head). But the bit about the Beatles is 
true, and alii can say is that Garcia must 
be in a lot worse shape than I thought . 

What these guys really have going for 
them is a thorough grasp of slick, com-
mercially hip acoustic harmony, which 
gets them past the hurdle of basic com-
petence that's about all you need to 
achieve superstardom these days. Their 
mush-headed metaphysics must pick 
them up a few converts, but with all the 
hard-core mystics on the road these 

~~,\.,. 

days, from Qu intessence to the Rainbow 
Band and Shanti, that could hardly be a 
la rge factor . 

But I wonder, will all the people who 
buy this album try to get into the songs, 
go around quoting to each other lyrics 
like "he's wa iting in the garden where 
the seeds of life are sown for a million 
years"? There ain't much here once you 
start to take it apart . All the songs but 
one are about the quest for cosmic 
consciousness, and their approach to it 
all is so hackneyed, pretentious and 
banal that it must look ridiculous even to 
those who believe this stuff. "Take you r 
time, then you'll find peace of mind" 
That, supposedly from a wizard, sounds 
more like the wisdom of Fred 
MacMurray. How about, "if I make it I 
need return no more," from their rein-
carnation song? Don't it kinda get you, 
right there? 

Of course, they take it all seriously, 
like the Scientologists whose rept ile pyes 
they sa hre. I truly enjoy the record , in a 
limited way, but it does sadden me to 
think that a lot of people consider it 
more meaningful than , say, " Itsy Bitsy 
Teeny Ween y Yellow Pika Dot Bikini" by 
Brian Hyland . Beca use, when you come 
right down to it, it's all the same, 

A special one-day presenlltion of originll lithograph, intlglio, serigr.aph and 
wood cui prints will be held Ihis Friday, Feb. 16 from 10 a.m. 10 4 p.m. In Room 
1260 HL Iidg. on Revelle C"mpus. The collection from the Lakeside Studio in 
Michigan Is valued at over $100,000 Inc! conllins prinls by such arlists as Albrecht 
Durer, Jacques, Pablo Picasso, Leonard Baskin, Mark Tobey, Conner Everts and 
Shiro Ikeglwa. 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON $6000 COUPLE 

ALL EQUIPMENT FURNISHED 
(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 

LECTURES - POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS SUPPLY 
635 PEARL ST., LA JOLLA 459-6841 

Page 3 Tuesday, February 13, 1973 Triton Times 



..,-- --~-

New 
Special Student 

Auto Insurance Program 
For over five years we have worked with 

the auto insurance industry to attempt to 
bring to the college student better cov-
erage at reasonable rates. 

We are happy to announce new dis-
counts never before available to Associa-
ted Students. 

Come in or call today for a personal 
quotation on your auto insurance. No 
computer quotations from out of state 
companies. 

Monte R. Kelley 
Insurance Agency 

e.s.l.s. 
5090 College 

(corner College & Montezuma) 
583-9393 

book 
b :read 

, 
'j 

Thr oule, t" tHt n~w N A CS Studen t "~du ca llUna l Lu .. n F u nd 
(S.":.L.F.), a C(;()lW rativ. pro ,ra m with th e S tate,.r Cahfu rnliol 
Say,nllS iilnd LOt" ind ust rY. YOU Cln no w b o rr(Jw m u nry m o r t' 

~aslly find With Iflss red tape th a n l h ruu lth II n y ()lh .. , ilv .ul .. b l" 
I4'lurC't . li tre's w h y 

1. /If ."C1 t:a.~'" (I"'l"mtn t ,equtre.lRc n l,J 
2 . No lie li mitatio n ' 
3 . £ abllshed c redit not "tnun , 
4 . H . inco me hrr. itaUon. 

~ . toJ . dudbnfl fo r appl,,", 
6 . N. co lla te ral req u lre ment.s 
7 . N. pa ybu: k for 13 m o nth. 
8 . At f:l ta bh sh ~d b ank Inte rn l 

ON LY QUALI" CATlOH : MUST IE ... FULL·TlME STUOENT 
" 'or furlht" IfI fnrm.c.um Writ" 

NACS Student Ed uclt ion Lo.n Fund 
791 I Her<che l Avenue 
u J olla . C.liforn ia 920 3 7 
Telephone (714) 4 59·3705 
Nam.: ___________ ".0' ___ _ 
Add' ... ' ________ _ ______ _ 

Cll, ____________ Z io, ___ _ 

CoUe.' _______________ _ 

• • opinion 

The opinions .xpressed on these poges ore those of the authors whose nomes appear in the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views af the nlTON TIMES. Anyone d •• iring to ,ubmit material to be publi.hed on these pag., 
should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 810k~ Hall, UCSD. 

A Homosexual Looks At Our Humane Society 

Dream On, J.R. 
By J. 

I've apparently opened a can of 
worms, which is what I was trying to do. 

I had planned to write about the 
possibility of "curing" a homosexual; 
however, I'll postpone this as I feel it's 
more important to answer I.R. first. I was 
accused in his (her?) letter of being a 
coward for not disclosing myself. Yes, 
I.R., I am a coward and I do have a fear 
of people - but let's not leave it at that 
- you seem to believe that this fear is a 
figment I conjured up - that it has no 
foundation . I must disagree. Your letter, 
being rather philosophically inclined, 
sounded real nice, however, you're 
dreaming; all your honesty, harmony 
and natural forces is hardly worth a bag 
of shit to me. Remember, I.R., that this is 
a university and you are (I presume) a 
member of it. There is generally a liberal 
atmosphere which prevails here - what 
you believe and what the student pop-
ulation believes does not necessarily 
reflect the thoughts of the "outside" 
world . Therefore, let's examine society 
in relation to the homosexual and I hope 
you'll be able to understand my cowar-
d ice and fear . 

First, I suggest that you examine lohn 
Gerassi's The Boys of Boise which 
describes the outrage that swept 
through Boise Idaho in the mid 19505 as 
the result of a homosexual scandal - a 
homosexual hunting crusade which 
turned out to be such a mess that most 
people were sorry it had ever happened 
- but it had and it was too late to do 
anything about it. 

It is generally accepted that the 
United States has the most severe anti-
homosexual laws in the West; such laws 
have been repealed in Belgium, 
Holland, Denmark, Sweden, 
Switzerland, England and 
Czechoslovakia. The large majority (48) 
of American States forbid homosexual 
acts under what are termed "sodomy 
laws"; the offense varies from state to 
state, however most are similar to 
Idaho's law which prohibits (that "in-
famous crime against nature") anal in-
tercourse with man, woman or beast, 
moreover in most states these acts are 
considered felonies , and punishments 
may range to life and prison (Georgia). 
Some states have recourse to "sex psy-
chopath" laws which can be used to 
detain homosexual sex offenders for 
"observation." In California, for in-
stance, the law permits such a detention 
from one year to life. Seven states 
provide for "compulsory" sterilization 
of sex offenders. Howe>ler, because of 
their absurdity, most of these laws exist 
only on the books, but they ·do exist -
don't they, I.R.l Most courts prefer to 
prosecute under misdemeanor laws. 
With a guilty plea the judge will often 
impose a light sentence or none at all 
(however a jury trial by our peers quite 
possibly will revert to the felonious 
aspects of the crime) . 

Persecution and punishment of the 
homosexual is not restricted to these 
laws. Many cities bar "deviants" from 
licensed professions. Federal policy has 
long barred or discharged homosexuals 
from the armed forces and civil service. 
The Immigration and Naturalization Ser-
vice can and does deport people with 

homosexual histories, etc., etc. 
Then there are the law enforcement 

agencies . 
Since homosexuality is a crime 

without a victim, arrests depend on 
entrapment, surveillance and ad-
missions. Vice squads have wired park 
benches, installed peepholes, one-way 
mirrors, and even closed-circuit TV in 
restrooms. Plainclothesmen work in 
paris to entice the homosexual into 
propositioning them. Recently many of 
the large cities have tended to tolerate 
homosexuality. They suppress open 
male prostitution and offensive ex-
hibitionism, but occasional raids on gay 
bars and pick-up spots continue. On the 
other hand, the small town law enforce-
ment agency still continues its harass-
ment of the homosexual - their pur-
pose generally is not to make an arr.est 
but to get the individual out of town . 

Homosexuals have been the target of 
large blackmail rings for a long time. 
Individuals and groups have been 
known to beat and rob the homosexual 
just because he is a homosexual - need 
I continue, I.R.? 

There has been some agitation recent-
ly by several legal, religious, medical and 
psychiatric groups who are fighting 
these antihomosexual laws and police 
harassment. In 1969, fourteen experts, 
appointed by the National Institutes of 
Mental Health, recommended that the 
states make adult consentual homosex-
uality legal - only two states have done 
so (Illinois and Connecticut). Some of 
the others have lightened their 
penalties. 

It was interesting to note how that 
great liberal institution, the Democratic 
Party, handled homosexual rights during 
the presidential election - they were 
outraged at the thought of social equali-
ty for "queers." This is your society, I.R ., 
that's going to accept me, "natural 
forces" and all, for what I am. 

Do you realize, I.R., that in almost all 
the states just about every sex act is 
illegal except marital coitus? Kinsey es-
timated that if all our sex laws were 
enforced 95% of the nation's men 
would go to jail; however, these laws are 
used almost exclusively against 
homosexuals - don't you think that this 
is an indication of society's prejudice 
.against the homosexual? 

Law reform is only d small first step for 
social equality for "deviants" - it's 
going to take a fundamental revision of 
society's feelings as there are strong, 
primitive, social and psychological 
forces involved - It's a "gut" issue. 

A 1966 CBS poll revealed that 70% of 
the respondents considered homosex-
uality to be an illness (thanks a lot) . But, 
more important, over half of the 
respondents still wanted homosexuals to 
be punished by law. 

This is the "very humane and natural" 
society which you described in your 
letter, I.R.; you're damn right I'm fearful 
of people and until I can be certain of a 
fairly decent reception into society, I'm 
going to remain a coward. 
P.S. Thanks for writing, I.R., you, as an 
individual have a good a«itude and a 
good dream - hang In there. J. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, February 13, 1973 

CACSLI an 
Editor: 

While reading the article 
(IT 2/6/73). a number of qu'~s[l'ur 
mind. As I see it, the main q 
worry about the ,,1I"rt"v.·n~·« 
The committee doesn't have 
effect anything. In other 
that they can be 100% pllprt,iv, 
have no substantial, 
the way the university is ru 
thrilled to see the students 
students' lives (how about 
running the Administration's 
believe the article misses the 

To quote from the article, "I 
the primary mechanism for 
administration of areas of 
concern among students." To 
a "useful [001 for voicing 
Chancellor." (Emphasis is 
feeling that CACSLI is funrltinrlil 
group or as trouble shooters. 
significant that Murphy doesn't 
is measuring their effective 
happens if the Adminictr:>tir,n 
I isten to (or solve) the prc)blel!Jlltlle 
students? 

I feel it is time the students 
the Chancellor is giving us the 
complaining - thank g 
democracy. Perhaps it is 
recognize that it is our lives 
tion he is dealing with. 

Michael Cantor's letter q 
value of CACSLI deserves some 
His concern and frustration 
in the results of the referendum 
last spring: 

RESOL VED: To provide 
with a free choice, 
Associated Students of UCSD 
membership fee of $6.00 
therefore) shall become 
pulsory and enforced rn •• mh", 
end. The decision reached 
for a period of one full .. r'''~'''''''' 
YES NO 
1387 516 
72.7% 27.3% 

Your letter and the results of 
dum reflect a national student 

. upset, demand change, 
groups as tools of the 
ministration, finally say, "I 
ticipate", and ignore it all. 

At UCSD this is the effect of 
desensitization by the ad 
not deliberate. It is done 
no response or resistance fro 
The administration rolls 
assuming it is on the right 

UCSD has a long history of a 
few students who do ha.",,"'" 
student government do so 
enjoyment, and the satisfaction 
others (often the administration 
fellow students), until the 
jungle and the lack of st 
frustrates them to the point 
quits. 

There is no quest!on that SIUI_IU' 

Beautiful & Di 
Tu 
Silversm 

for custom 

Artiques, books, candles, fou 
pointings, pots-in foct, .v •• rvlh ... .,e 
hove everything. 3780 
.. 88·3521 . Mon. thru Thurs. 1 
to 5:30 pm-Sot, 10:00 om to 

dent Involvement ... 
IIA Game 

stop complaining, begging, or asking the 
Chancellor and start demanding the right 
to seriously run our own lives. Why does 
my life depend on the whim of the 
Chancellor? Don't let the Administration 
build your community as they wish . 
Organize your own . Stop asking others to 
solve your problems. Start solving them 
yourself (perhaps students already are -
individually). If you don't have the power 
to do this, demand and work for the power. 
I believe it requires more than CACSLI has. 

The way things are now, there is no need 
for student involvement. A lesson is to be 
learned (or has been) from the way the 
students (and staff) of Lumumba-Zapata 
were dealt with when they attempted to get 
involved. Find out how much say students 
have in the planning of 4th College. What 
structure will 4th take - Revelle, Muir, 3rd 
or others? 

No matter how open the CACSLI 
meetings become, I will not attend them; I 
feel my politics have grown beyond that. I 
understand Murphy works well with hi-fi's. 
The students of CACSLI, whose sincerity I 
don't doubt, at least make contacts, receive 
recommendations, or anything else they 
can grab. 

Play your game. lust stop pretending it is 
real. "Either light up or leave me alone." 

Michael Cantor .. 

can increase. But it has to be done so in a 
realistic context. UCSD is a partiarchy, as 
every American university always has been. 
The administration reflects the accepted 
life styles of American Academia, and 
creates an atmosphere where this can be 
maintained, as well as transferred to future 
members of the established intellectual 
community (that's us). If there is idealistic 
zeal in students to direct their own lives at 
the university, it crumbles quickly when 
faced with the solid traditions the ad-
ministration supports. 

Massive, non-violent civil disobedience 
has proven ineffective, and has even 
become illegal under the laws of the 
Regents. Violent sturggle polarizes the 
community into viewing only the extreme 
elements of the problems. Petitioning and 
traditional poli tical action is often so slow 
that students begin to ask themselves if the 
struggle is really worth it, considering the 
future of the individual, and the fact that 
the four years here are in preparation for a 
much more defined and lengthy occupa-
tion ahead. 

Indications are now that in general 
students don't think so. Yet at the same 
time we still hear some students calling for 
more student involvement. 

Traditional associated student body 
governmental structures are probably not 
the best systems for student participation. A 
communications link can be opened. 
CACSLI can be such a link. But to equate 
this link with the concept of student power 
in university decision- making is quite un-
realistic. It will remain a game until students 
are upset enough to change the situation. 
The choice is the students' alone. No one 
can force it on them . • 

The choice is yours. Mark Sielel 

TO: Members of Ihe Politinl Science Search Committee 
FROM: Tom Leanse 

This letter is being written because of the- great deal of 
frustration that the Political Science Searc h Committee 
provides. I am directing it to the members of the Committee 
because they are the people who are responsi ble for the lack 
of its action . 

During Fall Quarter, 1972, I wa s appointe d to become a 
member of the Poli Sci Search Committe e . My name was 
submitt~d by the Muir College Council throu gh the College 
Dean, 11m Beckley. Although I never received any written 
confirmation of my appointment, I accepted the verbal 
confirmation of the Chairman, Roy D' Andrade as being 
official. 

Then came the big wait. The Committee didn't have any 
meetings . I was informed that a potential candidate was 
going to be on campus and that a seminar would be given by 
him. The date, time and location were furnished to me. By 
some fluke, I came across a copy of the appointment 
schedule for Professor Mazrui. Students were not included at 
any point during his visit here. Through persistance and 
determination I was able to meet and talk with Professor 
Mazrui, a very pleasurable and informative experience. 
However, there was no group follow up by the Committee, at 
least not to my knowledge. 

In fact, I wonder what commitment the Committee feels it 
has in finding a Political Science Chairman. My only written 
contact with tlie Committee has been that instigated by 
letters from me. Since my appointment, the Committee has 
not met and now we approach another year without a 
Politifal Science Department. 
. I cal.1 on 'you as me~bers of the Committee to start moving 
In a dIrectIon that WIll enable us to hire a qualified Political 
Scientist in the near future. If you don't feel that you can 
devote some reasonable amount of time and effort towards a 
Political Science Department, then I expect that you would 
resign from you responsibility to the Search Committee. 

If this committee does not start to move, the students feel 
that pre·ssure must be put on places that can effect some 
definite action on this situation. 

cc: Chancellor W. McElroy 
Vice-Chancellor P.5.ltman 
Professor R. D' Andrade 
Dean J. Beckley 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to· 
improve your 
car or home? 

Cordially, 
Tom Leanse 

Members of the Committee: 
H.rry Scheiber, Rillmon Ruiz, 
Tony Nsubo, Robert Heifetz 

Warren Wooster 

Med School Film 
Series Presents 

The Maltese 
Falcon 

starring 
Humphrey Bogart 
Tues. Feb. 13,8 pm 

Windsor Co mmons, BSB 
75¢ 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BAN K 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.-Fri . 
9 ;45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 85 :30 
Closed Sun. & M o n. 

233-8328 

LEVIS MALE 

o o · o 

A· ' 

o 

l.Ja Jolla 
hores 

Market 
~~:;rJ \ \I'liid a til' la 1'1 ;1\" 

""0111' ; I :;1)-:1 I ():; 

Groccri r , , 
l>rodu cc, 
Meat .. , 

In & 13 e 

UN,QUE IMPULSE 

o o o 
~;;: 

KENNtNGTON BRATEN LOVE 'N' STUFF 

STRATFORD SQUAR'E 

1448 ~ 'Del Jt((lIl 
UelMCtIl, Calij, 92014 
755-3557 

Editorial Dlredor See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs .. . 
we'll help you pay not 
over pay with the best 
finanCing and terms 
available. 

Save up to $3.00! 

leather, mocrome, 
n who doesn't 

Beach . Phone 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
,.U, ~ccrld'ted, 20-,.. UN'VER-
S'TY Of AIt'ZOilA ...... '.1 •• 
S_ Sell .. , offer. J." 2·A .... I 
11, .......... 'IU, 1ft, .~., 
f.UII ... , "'Ir.,.." ",.1." .. v-
.111 .... , , ....... ~ II ...... . 
T ... ,. $115; IINnI __ r ... S211. 
.r'lO: , .......... , .. r ...... , U.,-
vor.'" of Ar'z"" TIC'" 15721. 

University & Shtle Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286·4210 

---------------

ENJOY· A KJlYlIK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A .M conupl '0' In .nloyII>l. w •• k-.nd on th. low" 
Col ...... R •• " 

• SAfETY · buih' ln buoy.ncy 
• CONVENIENT F,HWIV afllh. WI! 
• ECONOMICAL · 'or bud,1I ""n4td I.m,h .. 
• ADVENTUROUS · Eo,Io,. pnmllIY. IIH • 

• 
• 
• 
•• 

• I 
• 
• I 

Major label LP's! Top artists! 
Many, many election in thi pecial purcha e. Cia ic included! 

Hundred of record ! Come earl for best election! 

Sa Ie sta rts today! 

Feb. 13th 

University Bookstore 
pm- Fri. 11 :30 om 

11 :30 am to 5:30 pm. 

YUm Get your favorites at Big Discounts! 
• Fo, .111< ..... Wn'. or CoIl • 

lAYAK RlvtR CllUISE5 by lElSURl CRAR • 

kAYAk RENTAL 5150 DAY 

111 E.F"., 51. Y-. A ....... 15314"11021113 .. 33 I 

--------------- Page 5 Tuesday, February 13, 1973 Triton Times 



New 
Special Student 

to Insurance Program 
For over five years we have worked with 

the auto insurance industry to attempt to 
bring to the college student better cov-
erage at reasonable rates. 

We are happy to announce new dis-
counts never before available to Associa-
ted Students. 

Come in or call today for a personal 
quotation on your auto insurance. No 
computer quotations from out of state 
companies. 

Monte R. Kelley 
Insurance Agency 

C.S.I.8. 
5090 College 

(corner College & Montezuma) 
583-9393 

book 
bread 

.' 

ThroUKh Lt e toW N A CS Student F.ducallunal 1.0 .. " "'und 
CS •• ;. L. F . ). a cou fa ratl v~ pro .. ram With the S tale of C .. h'",ma 
SaVini! and Lo"n '"!Ju str y, you ran now borrow m u ney mort' 
t!a!lIl y a nd With If' s red ta pt' than thro ul.h an y o tht'r .il vall"hlf> 
SUU'C' t'. lI f> r f>'S w. y : 

I . Nt· pnor bank ae.::ounl reqlurf>menLIIII 
2 . N_, .... lI""fhf' "".-
3 . E l ,a lJhshed cred it not nel::tsury 
4 . N. income IImitition. 

~. Nt d,adUne 'or apply,n, 
6 . N. collateral r~qulrement. 
'7 . N , p ayback for 13 months 
S . A, utabll sh.d h.nk i "lt~ 'Ul 

ONLY QUAlIFIC,. TloN : MUST lIE A FULL·TIME STUDI!NT 
" ' fi r rUr l h ,· , In f orm ... lor w r it .. 
NACS Student E·jucat lon LOin Fund 
7911 Herschel A, enut 
L.. Jolla . Californ i. 92037 
Telephone (714) 4 59·3705 
Name ___________ A ••. ___ _ 

Addresa _______________ _ 

Cll. ____________ Zip, ___ _ 

CoU ••• _______________ _ 

• • opinion 

The opinions expressed on these page. are those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines and do nat 
neces.arily r.llact the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit moterialto be publi.hed on the.e page. 
should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blak~ Hall, UCSD. 

A Homosexual Looks At Our Humane Society 

Dream On, J.R. 
I've apparently opened a can of 

worms, which is what I was trying to do. 
I had planned to write about the 

possibility of "curing" a homosexual; 
however, I'll postpone this as I feel it's 
more important to answer I.R. first. I was 
accused in his (her?) letter of being a 
coward for not disclosing myself. Yes, 
I.R., I am a coward and I do have a fear 
of people - but let's not leave it at that 
- you seem to believe that this fear is a 
figment I conjured up - that it has no 
foundation. I must disagree . Your letter, 
being rather philosophically inclined, 
sounded real nice, however, you're 
dreaming; all your honesty, harmony 
and natural forces' is hardly worth a bag 
of shit to me. Remember, I.R., that this is 
a university and you are (I presume) a 
member of it. There is generally a liberal 
atmosphere which prevails here - what 
you believe and what the student pop-
ulation believes does not necessarily 
reflect the thoughts of the "outside" 
world. Therefore, let's examine society 
in relation to the homosexual and I hope 
you'll be able to understand my cowar-
dice and fear. 

First, I suggest that you examine lohn 
Gerassi's The Boys of Boise which 
describes the outrage that swept 
through Boise Idaho in the mid 1950s as 
the re~ult of a homosexual scandal - a 
homosexual hunting crusade which 
turned out to be such a mess that most 
people were sorry it had ever happened 
- but it had and it was too late to do 
anything about it. 

It is generally accepted that the 
United States has the most severe anti-
homosexual laws in the West; such laws 
have been repealed in Belgium, 
Holland , Denmark, Sweden , 
Switzerland, England and 
Czechoslovakia. The large majority (48) 
of American States forbid homosexual 
acts under what are termed "sodomy 
laws"; the offense varies from state to 
state, however most are similar to 
Idaho's law which prohibits (that "in-
famous crime against nature") anal in-
tercourse with man, woman or beast, 
moreover in most states these acts are 

consider~d felonies, and punishments 
may range to life and prison (Georgia). 
Some states have recourse to "sex psy-
chopath" laws which can be used to 
detain homosexual sex offenders for 
"observation." In California, for in-
stance, the law permits such a detention 
from one year to life. Seven states 
provide for "compulsory" sterilization 
of sex offenders. However, because of 
their absurdity, most of these laws exist 
only on the books, but they do exist -
don't they, I.R.? Most courts prefer to 
prosecute under misdemeanor laws. 
With a guilty plea the judge will often 
impose a light sentence or none at all 
(however a jury trial by our peers quite 
possibly will revert to the felonious 
aspects of the crime). 

Persecution and punishment of the 
homosexual is not restricted to these 
laws. Many cities bar "deviants" from 
licensed professions. Federal policy has 
long barred or discharged homosexuals 
from the armed forces and civil service. 
The Immigration and Naturalization Ser-
vice can and does deport people with 

By J, 
homosexual histories, etc., etc. 

Then there are the law enforcement 
agencies. 

Since homosexuality is a crime 
without a victim, arrests depend on 
entrapment, surveillance and ad-
missions. Vice squads have wired park 
benches, installed peepholes, one-way 
mirrors, and even closed-circuit TV in 
rest rooms. Plainclothesmen work in 
paris to entice the homosexual into 
propositioning them. Recently many of 
the large cities have tended to tolerate 
homosexuality. They suppress open 
male prostitution and offensive ex-
hibitionism, but occasional raids on gay 
bars and pick-up spots continue. On the 
other hand, the small town law enforce-
ment agency still continues its harass-
ment of the homosexual - their pur-
pose generally is not to make an arrest 
but to get the individual out of town. 

Homosexuals have been the target of 
large blackmail rings for a long time. 
Individuals and groups have been 
known to beat and rob the homosexual 
just because he is a homosexual - need 
I continue, I.R.? 

There has been some agitation recent-
ly by several legal , religious, medical and 
psychiatric groups who are fighting 
these antihomosexual laws and police 
harassment. In 1969, fourteen experts, 
appointed by the National Institutes of 
Mental Health, recommended that the 
states make adult consentual homosex-
uality legal - only two states have done 
so (Illinois and Connecticut). Some of 
the others have lightened their 
penalties. 

It was interesting to note how that 
great liberal institution, the Democratic 
Party, handled homosexual rights during 
the presidential election - they were 
outraged at the thought of social equali-
ty for "queers." This is your society, I.R., 
that's going to accept me, "natural 
forces" and all, for what I am . 

Do you realize, I.R., that in almost all 
the states just about every sex act is 
illegal except marital coitus? Kinsey es-
timated that if all our sex laws were 
enforced 95% of the nation's men 
would go to jail; however, these laws are 
used almost exclusively against 
homosexuals - don't you think that this 
is an indication of society's prejudice 
,against the homosexual? 

law reform is only a small first step for 
social equality for "deviants" - it's 
going to take a fundamental revision of 
society's feelings as there are strong, 
primitive, social and psychological 
forces involved - It's a "gut" issue. 

A 1966 CBS poll revealed that 70% of 
the respondents considered homosex-
uality to be an illness (thanks a lot). But, 
more important, over half of the 
respondents still wanted homosexuals to 
be punished by law. 

This is the "very humane and natural" 
society which you described in your 
letter, I.R.; you're damn right I'm fearful 
of people and until I can be certain of a 
fairly decent reception into society, I'm 
going to remain a coward, 
P.S. Thanks for writing, I.R., you, as an 
individual have a good attitude and a 
good dream - hang In there. I. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, February 13,1973 

Editor: 
While reading the article a 

(IT 2/6/73), a number of t..IU't:SlIIOI 
mind. As I see it, the ma 
worry about the eU,ective,ness 
The committee doesn't have 
effect anything. In other 
that they ca n be 100% " ... Dr"'" 
have no substantial, fundam 
the way the university is run . 
thrilled to see the students h 
students' lives (how about t 
running the Administration 's 
believe the article misses the 

To quote from the article, " 
the primary mechanism for 
administration of areas of 
concern among students." To 
a "useful tool for voicing opin ' 
Chancellor." (Emphasis is mine 
feeling that CACSlI is funct 
group or as trouble 
significant that Murphy doesn 't 
is measuring their effective", 
happens if the Administration 
listen to (or solve) the pro 
students? 

I feel it is time the students 
the Chancellor is giving us the 
complaining - thank g 
democracy. Perhaps it is 
recognize that it is our lives 
tion he is dealing with. Stu 

Michael Cantor's letter qu 
value of CACSlI deserves some 
His concern and frustration 
in the results of the referendum 
last spring: 

RESO! VED : To provide 
wilh a free choice, m~·mln.,,'cnll 
Associaled Students of UCSD 
membership fee of $6.00 
therefore) shall become 
pulsory and enforced m.·m.~'" 
end. The decision reached 
for a period of one full :>r",f1 ... ml 
YES NO 
1387 516 
72.7% 27.3% 

Your letter and the results of 
dum reflect a national student 

. upset, demand change, chasti 
groups as tools of the 
ministration, finally say, "1 
ticipate", and ignore it all . 

At UCSD this is the effect of 
desensitization by the adm 
not deliberate. It is done 
no response or resistance 
The administration rolls 
assuming it is on the right 

UCSD has a long history of a 
few students who do become 
student government do so fOI 
enjoyment, and the satisfaction 
others (often the administration 
fellow students), until the b 
jungle and the lack of 
frustrates them to the point of 
quits. 

ent Involvement ... 
/fA Game 

stop compla;ning, begging, or asking the 
Chancellor and start demanding the right 
to seriously run our own lives. Why does 
my life depend on the whim of the 
Chancellor? Don't let the Administration 
build your community as they wish . 
Organize your own. Stop asking others to 
solve your problems. Start solving them 
yourself (perhaps students already are -
individually). If you don't have the power 
to do this, demand and work for the power. 
I believe it requires more than CACSlI has. 

The way things are now, there is no need 
for student involvement. A lesson is to be 
learned (or has been) from the way the 
students (and slaff) of lumumba-Zapata 
were dealt with when they attempted to get 
involved. Find out how much say students 
have in the planning of 4th College. What 
structure will 4th take - Revelle, Muir, 3rd 
or others? 

No matter how open the CACSlI 
meetings become, I will not attend them; I 
feel my politics have grown beyond that. I 
understand Murphy works well with hi-fi's. 
The students of CACSlI, whose sincerity I 
don't doubt, at least make contacts, receive 
recommendations, or anything else they 
can grab. 

Play your game. lust stop pretending it is 
real. "Either ligh t up or leave me alone." 

Michllel Cantor .. 

can increase. But it has to be done so in a 
realistic context. UCSD is a partiarchy, as 
every American university always has been. 
The administration reflects the accepted 
life styles of American Academia, and 
creates an atmosphere where this can be 
maintained, as well as transferred to future 
members of the established intellectual 
community (that's us). If there is idealistic 
zeal in students to direct their own lives at 
the university, it crumbles quickly when 
faced with the solid traditions the ad-
ministration supports. 

Massive, non-violent civil disobedience 
has proven ineffective, and has even 
become illegal under the laws of the 
Regents . Violent stu rggle polarizes the 
community into viewing only the extreme 
elements of the problems. Petitioning and 
traditional poli tical action is often so slow 
that students begin to ask themselves if the 
struggle is really worth it, considering the 
future of the individual, and the fact that 
the four years here are in preparation for a 
much more defined and lengthy occupa-
tion ahead . 

Indications are now that in general 
students don't think so. Yet at the same 
time we still hear some students calling for 
more student involvement. 

Traditional associated student body 
governmental structures are probably not 
the best systems for student participation. A 
communications link can be opened. 
CACSlI can be such a link. But to equate 
this link with the concept of student power 
in university decision- making is quite un-
rea listic. It will remain a game until students 
are upset enough to change the situation. 
The choice is the students' alone. No one 
ca n force it on them . • 

TO: Members of the Political Science Search Committee 
FROM: Tom Leanse 

This letter is being written because of the' great deal of 
frustration that the Political Science Search Committee 
provides. I am directing it to the members of the Committee 
because they are the people who are responsible for the lack 
of its action . 

During Fall Quarter, 1972, I was appointed to become a 
member of the Poli Sci Search Committee. My name was 
submitted by the Mu ir College Council through the College 
Dean, lim Beckley. Although I never received any written 
confirmation of my appointment, I accepted the verbal 
confirmation of the Chairman, Roy D' Andrade as being 
officia l. 

Then ca me the big wait. The Committee didn't have any 
meetings. I was informed that a potential candidate was 
going to be on campus and that a seminar would be given by 
him. The date, time and location were furnished to me. By 
some fluke, I came across a copy of the appointment 
schedule for Professor Mazrui. Students were not included at 
any point during his visit here. Through persistance and 
determination I was able to meet and talk with Professor 
Mazrui, a very pleasurable and informative experience. 
However, there was no group follow up by the Committee, at 
least not to my knowledge. 

In fact, I wonder what commitment the Committee feels it 
has in finding a Political Science Chairman. My only written 
contact with the Committee has been that instigated by 
letters from me. Since my appointment, the Committee has 
not met and now we approach another year without a 
Politifal Science Department. 

I call on you as members of the Committee to start moving 
in a direction that will enable us to hire a qualified Political 
Scientist in the near future . If you don't feel that you can 
devote some reasonable amount of time and effort towards a 
Political Science Department, then I expect that you would 
resign from you responsibility to the Search Committee. 

If this committee does not start to move, the students feel 
that pressure must be put on places that can effect some 
definite action on this situation. 

cc:· Chancellor W. McElroy 
Vice-Chancellor P. SlIltman 
Professqr R. D' Andrade 
Dean J. Beckley 

USE ..• 
Your academic and staff 
employees Credit Union 

Want to, 
improve your 
car or home? 

Cordially, 
Tom Leanse 

Members of the Committee: 
Harry Scheiber, Ramon Ruiz, 
Tony Nsubo, Robert Heifetz 

Warren Wooster 

Med School Film 
Series Presents 

The Maltese 
Falcon 

starring 
Humphrey Bogart 
Tues. Feb. 13, 8 pm 

Windsor Commons, BSB 
75¢ 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue.- Fri . 
9:45- 5 :30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun . & Mon. 

233-8328 

lEVIS MALE 

o o · o 

A-' 

o 

J..Ja Jolla 
Shore 
Market 

22.-)1) \ \ I·"iol .. 01, · 1 .. 1'1 ;1\;0 
P loollO' : 1:i1)-:116:; . 

Groccrir~ , 
Produ ce, 
M at 

!Vine & Bee 

UNIQUE IMPULSE 

o o o 

KENNINGTON BRATEN lOVE ' N' STUFF 

STRATFORD SQUARE 

1448 CIIit<iM 'Det Jt((l!l 
Vet Jt((l!l, Cotij. 92014 
755-3557 

There is no question that st", ..... uI The choice is yours. Mlirk Siesel 
Edltorllli Director Save up to $3.00! 

fun-
sho 
Artiques, books, candles, 

I paintings, pots-in fact, 
have everything. 3780 Mission 
0488·3521. Mon. thru Thurs. 11 
to 5:30 pm- Sot. 10:00 am to 

I~L .. ·an 
St 454-1888 
Jolla 

. New Stock 
ndian Jewelry 
Silver ' 
es 
ilable 

repairs 

leather, macrame, 
person who doesn 't 

Mission Beach. Phone 
9:00 pm-Fri. 11 :30 am 

11 :30 am to 5;30 pm. 

YUm 

Study In 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
... 11, ~cc"'lted, 20-,.. UIUVEII· 
SITY OF AIIIZOIIA G .... I.I •• 
Su_ SelllOl CIffIrl J.I, 2-AU"lt 
11, ..... 1 .. " .rt, llIucItt IO, 
'olkl .. , .... r."" , IIlltorr, .... 
Irwlllllt, I...... .d 11_"'1. 
Tuill .. UISi ...... ,_ 5211. 
Write: IlIterMtI .. ,1 "rep_I, UII· 
..,11., 0' Aria ... , Tues .. 11721. 

See your Credit Union 
for your loan needs ... 
we'll help you pay not 
over pay with the best 
finanCing and terms 
available. 

[J[]~[§ 

" I University & Stlte Employees 
Credit Union 

5555 Mildred St. 297·1838 
5191 College Ave. 286-4210 

-----------------. 
ENJOV.A KJlYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 

1 
1 
I. 

A now conupl 101 In InlOYlbl1 week' lnd on Ihl lower 1 
CoI.,ldo R,... I 

• SAFETY · .. tit in buoylncy 1 
• CONVENIENT · ""OWlY oIlth. W'y 1 
• ECONOMICAL · fo' bod,,, m,ndld I.mllt.. I 
• ADVENTUROUS • Eoplo .. prim." •• IIHS 

KAYAK IlENm 51 so DAY 1 
FOI BtOChto" Willi If Call I 

KAYAK RIVER CRUISES by LEISURE CRAFT I 
179 E. FKSI SI . hmo. AtIleII. 15384-11021 183 8833 I 
---------------

Major label LP's! Top artists! 
Many, many elections in this special purcha e, CIa sic included! 

Hundreds of record! Come early for be t election! 

Sale starts today! 

Feb. 13th 

University Bookstor 
Get your favorites at Big Discounts! 

Page 5 Tuesday, February 13, 1973 Triton Times 



Tritons Bruised And Battered 
The vicissitudes of enervating road trips and incom-

midious sent the UCSD Tritons to the season's nadir, as 
they absorb.~d losses at the hands of USIU and 
Pasadena COllege. Friday night's game at Cal Western 
was a quintessential example of the deficiencies that 
have hindered the Tr itons throughout this basketball 
season (Le. inconsistent outside shooting and lack of 
rebouding) . They shot a dismal 32% from the floor and 
were outrebounded 60-45 although Paul Trainer gutted 
his way to 13 boards. Paul was manhandled, elbowed, 
gashed, and at one point in the ballgame stomped as he 
lay on the court by a variety of opposing thugs in what 
only euphemistically be desscribed as "a physical test. " 

The first half was highlighted by tenacious although 
differing styles of defensive play which resulted in a 34-
29 half time score. The Tritons utilized their hustling 
fullcourt zone press and an extremely effective 1-2-2 
zone defense to nullify Cal Western's offensive effort. 
It seemed to this reporter that almost all of USIU's first 
half points were the result of offensive follow shots or 
free throws. Meanwh ile the Westerner 's were 
employing their usual grapevine man-to-man full-
court pressure defense which rendered UCSD in-
capable of generating a comsistent offensive attack. 
The second half found UCSD as cold as in the first, but 
the Westerners opened up and turned the game into a 
rout by a 78-55 margin. 

The following night' the Tritons endured three hours 
of driving through a torrential downpour before they 
readied the friendly confines of the Pasadena College 
gym. Guard Dave Moragne was involved in a traffic 
accident and never did reach the gym, but fortunately 
he was not injured in the mishap. Tht. game turned out 
to be a real scorcher as both teams fast broke, pressed, 

and literally ran the hell out of one another. The Tritons 
jumped off to a 10-2 lead behind their "Insane Press" (a 
Coach Bill Reeves term), but the Crusaders came back 
to make it even by half time. The game see-sawed back 
and forth until Pasadena guards Rick Mallicoat and Art 
Larsen got blishering hot. In, the final minutes this duo 
proved to be too much for UCSD as they succumbed 
by a 75-71 score. 

In contrast to the previous night'S affair the Pasadena 
game illustrated the Triton's strengths as each player 
came up with an all out hustling effort. A break or two 
either way or the home court advantages would have 
spelled the diiference, but the Tritons get a chance for 
revenge March 1 in our gym . 

While it has been often justifiably pointed out that 
statistics do not tell the whole story behind a ballgame, 
nevertheless they will be reiterated here. Paul Trainer 
came back in form as he hit 11 of 16 shots for 29 points 
and combined with Pete Henderson for 2B rebounds. 
Jon lelevier, Gie Simpson, and John May added 10,6, 
and 6 P9ints respectively to their many steals and fine 
defensive play. 

Words of appreciation and a plethora of praise must 
now go to UCSD's cheerleaders who have really stolen 
the halftime show at the last two ballgames. You avid 
fans have only got three more chances to see them do 
their stuff as the season is rapidly drawing to a close. 
The Tritons are hoping to get back above the .500 mark 
and improve their 10- 11 record this Friday and Saturday 
against Cal lutheran and Cal Western. The J.V. games 
are at 6 p.m. and the Varsity games are at B. The games 
are free so be sure to come early to avoid getting shut 
out. 

If you ever happen to 
walk by the Revelle softball 
field on a Saturday or Sun-
day afternoon, you will 
probably see a game being 
played which faintly 

The Big Kick 
In Intramurals 

hand, there is CONTACT 
INHIBITION and TEAM 6, 
both in the Professional 
league, both undefeated, 
who both look like a bunch 
of pros on the field. TEAM 
8 is led by Rick lambert, 
Joe Wettstein, and that 
always flashy goalie, 
Stewart Hayes. Their girls, 
except for Patti and Karen, 
are inexperienced, but 
eager. 

triton 
tiDles 

Edltor.in·Chief •.... Carny Sha,lck 
Ci., Editor ... ...• . Carrie Rlcke-y 
ManOlins Editor .Oavid 8udlblnd., 
Copy EdH... • .Oebb,e Montgomery 
BusiM'SJ Ml.niller • Michael Greene 
Idilo,i,,1 Director •.... Mark Siegel 
AJob Editor ••• •••• Tom Lindberg 
SportJ Editor •••• . • Michlel Rach 
Photos,.Iphy EdilOl .••• Joe (aslern 
Secret.IIY •••••••• Con nne Cac.s 
Assdt.nt City Edilor .• Ktllhy Kuenzi 
AJMKj,te City EditOfs Richard Drom 

M ichlel Sesmill 
Asst. luttnns MI', .. Michael Wyer 
Asst. Editorial ai,. . Barbara Randall 
AJ;,L Spotb Editor . •• •• Mark U!'ikill 

The TRITON TIMES I. officially 
recolnizrci .u .a . tudent newspaper 
by the Communiulion Io.,d of the 
Unintsit,. of California, SIn Dieto, 
lujldins 250, Matthews C.ampul, La 
JolI .. , C ... liforni. '2017. Publiution is 
twice weekly on Tuesdays Ind 
fridays. Offices ue localed In Room 
111, IJbke HilllI , Renllf' C .. mpulo for 
adwerlisinl phone 4SH721, or 451-
2000, X 1017; fOf editoriJl or news 
phone X 101'. 

Daye Phillips 
resembles nothing that you 
have ever seen before. 
That's probably because 
being born and raised in 
the good old USA, YOU 
HAVE NEVER BEEN 
EXPOSED TO THE 
WORLD'S MOST 
POPULAR sport, soccer. 

For those of you who 
have never really watched 
this sport, suffice it to say 
that it deserves its reputa-
tion in that it combines 
speed, skill, endurance, 
and teamwork, and to play 
it well all four ing redients 
are necessary . Somehow at 
UCSD the sport has found 
a home , though it is 
traditionally ignored by 
football freaks all across 
the country, and it has 
become one of the most 
popular intramural sports. 
As a base, the intramural 
version draws heavily on 
the varsity roster for the 

announcements 
t;f)ntinued from page 8. 

spring quarter are especial-
ly urged to anend. tt will be 
a pleasant evening of dis· 
cussion and idea genera-
tion thaI should be of 
benefit to all. (2113) 

Dr. Salt"Tlan, will speak 
on Tues . February 13th, 
about hal l ~ inagenics and 
reality. He w II discuss both 
the scienti ' j and personnal 
aspects of reality. 

Saltmar will bring ex-
erpts from i film that he 
made in wh ich he C~· 
perimented with LSD. In 
the film, under th in-
fluence (f LSD, Sallman 
describes hi; feelings and 

motions. 
Faculty . taff and all 

students are inVited to hear 
Dr. Saltman speak in the 
Revelle Cafeteria at 8 p.m. 
(2113) 

The Five and Dim Stud nt 
Coffee House at Muir 
College needs your support 

to remain open. We need 
people to volunteer for 
only one night per week to 
either manage or work a 
few hours. Please become 
involved, and participate in 
a wholly worthwhile 
orga nization . Call either 
453 -9537 , 453 -4199 ; or 
come in some night to see 
us. (2113) 

Feb. 14, Mayday. On May 1, 
1969, the Black Panther Par-
ty helJ _ IT.J~,tv" rail in 
San Francisco. Speakers 
Kathleen Cleaver, Bobby 
Seale and Attorney Charles 
Garry presented the rally'S 
demands for the release of 
Huey Newton and political 
prison rs. 201 M.C. 7:00 
P.M. Black Panther. This is 
one of Ihe first films made 
about the Panthers. It con· 
tains interviews with Party 
leaders Huey Newton and 
Eldridge Cleaver describing 
why th Party was form d 
and what its goals are . 
(2113) 

hard-core fanatics which 
keep it going. These guys 
play both men's and coed 
soccer, the former for 
good hard exercise and 
competition, and the latter 
because any sport seems to 
be improved by the 
presence of women . So it is 
that a total of seventeen 
coed soccer teams were 
formed , composed of ap-
proximately 200 soccer 
players. 

Now when you get peo-
ple together for a sport of 
any kind, you're going to 
get some good players and 
some not so good players, 
resulting (naturally 
enough) in some good 
teams and some not so 
good teams. For example, 
JUST KICKS, which seems 
to play for that reason ex-
actly . Now they could only 
break a three-game losing 
streak by way of a scoreless 
tie against the 
ALLIGATORS (whose name 
is pretty appropriate con-
sidering their speed and 
agility) who have not yet 
won a game. On the other 

Over in the Amateur 
league, one of the hotshot 
teams appears to be 
CYCLIC UNIVERSAL They 
added Alec Bramford from 
England to an already 
strong team and look to be 
awfully tough . Their 
biggest challenge for the 
league title will un -
doubtedly come from 
FRIENDS, made up mostly 
of las: year's champs, 
UNIVERSAL JOCKS 
ASSOCIATED. Randy, AI, 
and Tom, make for 
awesome team of guys, and 
their girls hit and kick the 
opposition harder and 
more often than Foreman 
pummeled Frazier . They 
appear to be the class of 
their league once again. 

If you want to see this 
mysterious game played, 
come out to the field on 
Saturday or Sunday after-
noon ... you might learn 
something. 

AEC Dispute ... . 
continued from page 2 

Agency as a nucleus . In an 
interview he said he had 
hopes Pugwash would hold 
a meeting this summer to 
discuss just such a possibili-
ty. 

"The energy problem ... 
shou ld not be treated as a 
series of national problems 
: how to satisfy our own 
nation even at the expense 
of other nations. The 
possibility of depoliticizing 
the world energy problem 
deserves special atten -
tion." 

"Clarification is 
necessary with respect to 
the extent - if any - TO 
WHICH FISSION ENERGY 
IS A REALISTIC SOLUTION 
OF THE ENERGY 
PROBLEM ." 

Is there an energy crisisl 
No one has been able yet 
to fully assess the situation, 
but many suggestions have 

been made for alleviating 
the situation . 

A study made by the 
RAND corporation stated 
that California's power 
needs could be cut by two-
thirds in the next thirty 
years through the im-
plementation of con-
sidered policies. 

The RAND Corporation 
recommended a switch to 
natural gas for most home 
uses, holding that use of 
electrical devices for low-
grade heat wastes much 
energy . 

They advised better in- · 
sulation to lessen heat loss 
from buildings, increasing 
efficiency of air -
conditioners, reducing 
ele tricity needs of lectric 
lights among other things. 

Th~ uudy, and a uudy 
made by the White House 
Office of Emergency 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, February 13, 1973 

High Tide Low Tide 
Sunrise - 6:52 Sunset - 5:37 

Date, Day a.m. hI. p.m. ht. a.m. ht. p.m. ht. 
Feb. 7, Wed., 11 :23 4.5 5:33 1.0 5:32 0.7 
Feb. 6, Thurs ., 12:03 5.3 12:23 3.7 6:36 1.0 6:01 1.2 
Feb. 9, Fri., 12:50 5.4 1:48 3.0 7:57 1.0 6:42 1.8 

Sunrise - 6:48 Sunset - 5:41 
Date, Day a.m. hI. p.m. ht. a.m. ht. p.m. ht. 
Feb. 10, Sat ., 1 :52 5.4 4:19 2.8 9:48 0.7 7:58 2.4 
Feb. 11, Sun., 3:15 5.5 6:03 3.2 11 :18 0.1 9:51 2.6 
Feb. 12, Mon., 4:36 5.9 7:04 3.7 12:19 0.6 
Feb. 13, Tues ., 5:46 6.3 7:39 4.2 12:02 2.3 1:06 1.1 

TIDES 
Recently it was brought to my attention that the Tide 

Tabels published weekly in the TRITON TIMES have 
been somewhat inaccurate the past week or two. This 
mayor may not be true, and at the moment I don't wish 
to make a defense, just cite my source of information 
so that blame may be placed where it belongs. The Tide 
Tables are taken from TIME & TIDES 1973, which is 
published by Blake 'Printing and circulated by the 
Diving locker of San Diego. These Tables are based on 
U.S. Department of Commerce Coast and Geodetic 
Survey Tables. 

Preparedness which came 
to similar conclusions for 
the national situation (f)ut 
promising somewhat less 
dramatic results) avoided 
suggestions that would 
seriously disrupt common 
living standards and 
patterns. 

Other possible energy 
sources have not received 
the attention accorded 
nuclear energy, nor the 
enormous amount of 
federal. aid. Obviously, 
solar or geothermal energy 
have fewer strategic 
applications. Even fusion 
research is extremely 
limited. 

So the plans for con-
struction of fission plants 
continue. Most recently 
Southern California Edison 
has contracted Gu l f 
General Atomic to aid in 
construction of two gas-
cooled reactors to be built 
somewhere in the eastern 
California desert by 1981 . 
The plants are to be 770 
megawatts apiece and SCE 
has an option to buy two 
more. 

The Sports Editor 

FEATURE 
THE ENTIRE 
LEVI LINE AT 
REASONA BLE 
PRICES-JUST 

5 MIN. FROM 
THE CAMPUS 

I,. POWAY lOAD. POWAY 
'.1 QIIAII). LA JOWl 
1_ IOIICU ... POlIn' LOMA 
1111 CAMIllO DEL .... 

Pictures talk. 
Some little boys don't. 

Some inner-city ghettos have special schools . For little 
boys who don't talk . 

Not mute little boys. But children so withdrawn, so afraid 
of failure, they cannot make the slightest attempt to do any-
thing at which they might fail. 

Some don't talk . Some don't listen . Most don't behave. And 
all of them don't learn. 

One day someone asked us to help. 
Through Kodak, cameras and film were distributed to 

teachers. The teachers gave the cameras to t he kids and told 
them to take pictures. 

And then the miracle. Little boys who had never said any-
thing, looked at the pictures and began to talk. They said 
"Thill ill my house." "This ill my dog." "This is where I like 

to hide." They began to explai n , to describe, to communicate. 
And once the channels of communication had been opened. 
they began to learn. 

We're helping the children of the inner-city. And we're 
also helping the adults. We' re involved in inner-city job pro· 
grams. 1b train unskilled people in useful jobs. 

What does Kodak stand to gain from this? "Veil, we're 
showing how our products can help a teacher- and maybe 
creating a whole new market . And we're also cultivatina-
young customers who will someday buy th ir own camera 
and film. But more than that, we're cultivating a lert, edu-
cated citizens. Who will someday be responsible for our society. 

After all, our business depends on our society. So we care 
what happens to it. 

Kodak 
More than a business. 

Page 7 TuesdaYr February 13, 1973 Triton Times 



--... ------------announcements 
Want Sl00.0/ll 0 you have 
talentl The U SD Program 
Board announces open 
auditions for the UCSD 
Talent! Varit,ty Show to be 
produced ill conjunction 
with the Revelle Res. Hall 
Board and under the direc-
tion of Bennett McClellan. 
Auditions for the Apr. 14 
show will be held on Tues., 
Feb. 27 at 7:30 pm in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. Prizes for 
those selected to compete 
in the show will be First-
$100.00, Second-$50.00, 
Third-$25.00 for each 
category. Contact EDNA for 
audition info. for the Feb. 
27 auditions . Auditions 
open to both grad. and 
undergrad . (2127) 
ZEN Meditation. Free 
public lecture and q~estion 
period . Speaking will be 
the High Master of Gold 
Mountain Temple of San 
Francisco. Tues., Feb. 13 
(today) from 7 to 9 p.m., 
?J80 Eads Ave. , La Jolla . 459-
8378. (2/ 13) 

, 

Chess Club meets today at 
7:30 in the Revelle North 
din ing hall. Everyone is 
welcome. The tournament 
continues so if you signed 
up please come. Bring your 
own boards and ets. (2113) 
The Muir College Council 

will discuss between 5 and 
6:30 pm (1) the removal of 
the "study day" of ex-
aminations week; (2) the 
commissioning of an artist 
to design a logo for Muir 
College; (3) a discussion of 
policies with respect to 
penalties for cheating. If 
you have ideas, come share 
them with us. Info. X 1905 
(the Muir Dean's Office) or 
at X 2516 (Muir Council 
office). Remember : today 
at 5 in the Provost 's 
Conference Room. (2/13) 
Muir Outing Club meeting 
tonight, Tues., Feb. 13, at 8 
in 2C 1110. Pa st trips 
rehashed and plans made 
for the three day weekend. 
More rockdimbing as soon 
as the weather permits. 
(2/13) 

wednesday 
BLOODMOBILE at Lower 
Blake Lounge 11 a.m. to 3 
p.m. To benefit UCSD cam-
pus "blood reserve fund ." 
(2/ 13) 

A representative from the 
Universit y of Arizona 
Graduate School of 
Business and Public Ad-
ministration will be on 
campus Wed., Feb. 14, in 
the Revelle Formal Lounge 
from 9 a.m. till 11 a.m. to 
ta lk with students in-

terested in their school of 
administration. Come to 
Career Planning, Bldg. 20, 
to schedule appointment.-
(2113) 

Wed ., Feb. 14, 9-11 a.m. 
Graduate Student Council 
meeting in the Conference 
Room, 250 MatlfJews Cam-
pus (2113) 
Bake Sale Valentines Day, 
Feb. 14. On Valentines Day 
the Oceanids and their 
Community Concerns 
group are sponsoring the 
bake sale in order to raise 
funds for equipment for 
the campus day care 
center. From 11 a.m. to 1 
p.m. they will have 
delicious baked goods for 
sale : Revelle plaza, Muir 
commons, Matthews plaza, 
and outside the gym. You 
will be able to buy a heart 
shaped cookie with your 
true love's name on it for a 
quarter I There will also be 
home baked bread, cakes, 
cookies and candies. For 
more info., F.N. Spiess, at 
453-0373. (2113) 
Ski Club meeting Wed. 
2/14 at 6:30 p.m. in Bldg. 
2C, Room 1110 Muir Cam-
pus. (2112) 

thursday 
Mary lindenstein Walshok 
will lead a seminar on 

"Feminine Sexuality & 
Feminine Role" at 1 p.m. 
on Thurs., Feb. 15, in the 
Central University library 
Rm. 263. Ms. Walshok was a 
graduate fIIow at the Inst. 
for Sex Research at Indiana 
Univ. founded by Alfred 
Kinsey. Everyone is 
welcome to anend. (:2113) 
A representative from 
Prudential Insurance Com-
pany will be on campus 
Thurs., Feb. 15, to talk with 
students interested in their 
positions in the sales and 
service of life and health 
insurance. Successful com-
pletion of their training 
program will lead to choice 
of career agent, field 
management, or home of-
fice work. Come to Career 
Plann ing, Bldg . 2D, to 
schedule appointment. 
(2113) 

UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

Attention All Surf Club 
Members - the club t-
shirts for sale so bring your 
$3.50 for them. It is really 
crucial that all interested in 
these matters please come. 
For info call Elliot at 453-
1969. (2113) 

. general 
Saxophonist, Donald Sinta 
will be presented in con-
cert, Sat. Feb. 17, 1973 at 
8:)0 in 409 Me. Concert is 
free . (2/16) 
The Women's liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1:30 every day, and 
people are welcome to 
drop by room 4, 250 MC 
(ext. 3(06). Also, WLF has 
potluck dinners on alter-
nate Weds. and Thurs. -
this week on Wed., Feb. 14, 
5:30 p.m . at the Mesa 
Apartment s, 3991-B . 
(Phone: 453-6786) . All 
women invited. (EI) 
Pre - Med Women : Ad -
ditional application 
workshop added: Sat., Feb. 
17, 1-4, Winzer Commons. 
Please contact Diane & Bec-
ca for group times. Dr. ' 
Ruth Grobstein will be 
speaking on medical school 
interviews and admission 
committee standards on 
Fri., Feb. 16 at 1 :30 in BSB. 
Rm. no. will be in IT on 
Friday. To sign up for 
workshops and activities, 
call 454-0297 before 12 p.m. 
For info. call 755-7231 
between 8-9 p.m. (211 6) 

UCSD Art Gallery will be 
exhibiting "Free Drinks", a 
painting show by Don Betts 
and Kathy Esty. Show 

opening: Fri., Feb. 16 at 
6:30. Exhibit continues 
through Feb. 23. (2116) 
A list of Muir students who 
have announced gradua-
tion candidacy for winter 
quarter, 1973, has been 
posted at the Muir Provost 
Office. If you are planning 
to graduate winter quarter, 
please stop by the office as 
soon as possible to confirm 
your plans for completing 
your remaining degree re-
quirements. The deadline 
for filing for winter is 
February 16, 1973. Anyone 
filing after that date will be 
required to pay a SJ.OO late 
filing fee . (2116) 
Dr . Andrew H. Wright , 
chairman, department of 
literature will discuss Affir-

.mative Action at a meeting 
of UCSD Women, Thurs., 
Feb. 15, at noon in the 
International Center, Me. 
All interested invited to at-
tend. (2113) 
A meeting of all persons 
interested in WILDERNESS 
STUDIES will be held on 
Thurs., Feb. 15, in the North 
Dining Room of Muir Com-
mons at 7:30 p.m. All per-
sons interested particularly 
in signing up for the 
Contemporary Issues 
discussion-lecture course 
on wilderness to be offered 
continued on page 6 

~~~advertise~ents ~rourselves--------------~ 
travel 

CHARTERS YEAR ROU D 
o more club fee s! 50 

De partures, al so YC , 
Japan & Australia . Youth 
Fares, too. Since 1959: ISTC, 
323 N. Beverly Dr., Beverly 
Hills, Ca. 90210, (213) 275-
8180. (5/29) 

EU ROP E, ISRAEL & JAPA 
low cost stud. flights all 
year. Ski & camping tou rs. 
AIST 1436 S. la Cienga BL, 
l. A. Cal. 90035 (21 3) 652-
2727. (10:8) 

services 
Ha lf-ton will travel. Moving 
and hau li ng at reasonable 
rates - 295-7418 (2/16) 
Typing of unexcelled quali-
ty on IBM SEelectric II . 
From 75¢ per page. Russian 
too. Bruce Condra. 453-
5346. (2/ 16) 

Part Time Work . Set you r 
own schedule. Call mor-
nings, Jay Ambrose 454-
1798. (2/ 13) 

Inco m e t a x ser v ice. 
Discount for students, staff 
or faculty. 755 -8228aft r 2. 
(4/ 13) 

T Y PI S ·r : Ex p . PhD . 
MI The i , Te rm Papers. 
Misc. jO pg . Call Bee 
l ynch, '53-7356. (2/ 16) 

" JOB ; IN ALASKA " 
availab e now. Th is hand-
book covers all II id~, 
summ r and career oppor-

tunitie~. Plan YOU R adv n-
ture ! B OO JI A, Box 1565, 
Anche r e, AK 99510. 
(2127) 

housing 
For R nt : Furn ish d studio 
apt. in PB $110/ mo. 388-
2585 (after 6 p.m.) (2/16) 
Share ho use, own rm : 
$68.75. Blk. to bat h in 
olana . Mov in ASAP. Call 

am & v s. 755-8832 (2116) 

3 Br . house for rent in 
Solana $220 & util. Close to 
beach. 0 dogs. 211 Acacia. 
755-3949. (2113) 

Roommate wanted . 50 yr. 
house, wood beams and 
floors, 4 blks. to beach. $105 
own room, all util. & fone . 
Call 753-5210. (2113) 
$165. Spacious 1 bedroom, 
furn. apt. 3680 Mission 
Blvd. 459-3996. (2113) 
2 gir ls need roo mmate to 
share a 3 bdrm., 1 bath 
Paci fic Beach house (Crown 
Poi nt) to start renting as of 
March 1, 1973. Pe t OK. 272-
7504 (rent $95/ month ). 
(2123) 
Your own room in large 
b r a nd new con-
dom in Genessee 
Hig hland s, m inutes to 
U.e.S.D. really nice, call 
Rock 298-9084 (2113) 
Roommate needed - own 
room, 3 BR house, Cla ire-
mont, $75. 277-2564. (2113) 

Room available Feb. 18 
in Cardiff . Share 
k it c h e n , bath , et c. 
$6S/ mo. Richard , 753-
0901 , e ves. til m idn ight. 
(2/16) 

lost and found 
Found : Wed. night near 
gym, friendly black male 
cat. 453-3544 (2/16) 

Found : pai r of gi rl 's glasses 
in room 2D-22 50 o n 
Thursday 2-8 at 4 p.m. In -
quire at the TRITO N TIM ES 
offi e. (2/16) 
Fou nd : In p il , ktnS lo t : 
sterl ing silver m dal 12 Ibs. 
shot-p ut with le tte ring -
S.L. New York . Claim at 
Revelle Resi de nt Dea n's 
Offic . (2/16) 
Founc : a watch in 2D-2250 
on Thursda y 2-8 du ring 
Math 2B quiz . Inquire at 
the TRITON TIMES offi 
(2/16) 
lost : A post slid rul on 
Mo nday F bruar y 5 . 
R ward given for its return . 
Conta t Ros mari Blak 
266. (2113) 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, February 13, 1973 

lost : Blue Lee Jeans Jacket 
Hitching in Green 
Mustang? Some time ago. 
David 755-9693. (2/13) 

lost : l..old rimmed 
prescription glasses in hard 
grey case. Please call Jess, 
278-5931 . (2/13) 
Found : Silver Cross Pencil 
Monogrammed PDM, in 
RJE-R Sun. Nite. Contact 

ick at 453-6102. (2113) 

lost - one gold ring with 
initials R.K. - reward 
call 453-9160 (2/16) 

Found: Wed. night near 
gym, friendl y black male 
cat. 453-3544 (2/16) 

$100 for info leading to 
recovery of 650 Triumph 
mlc taken from Urey lot 
1/ 24, Marsha X1859. (2/13) 

Whoeve r ripped me off 
Feb. 5 tell me where I can 
find my wallet, etc. Tom 
273-2730. (2/13) 
Found : a cosmetic purse 
containing money in USB 
2722. Cla im at Revelle Resi-
dent Dean's Office . (2/ 13) 
lost: 1 Library book " Birds" 
by Aris tophanes. Please 
return to Triton Times of-
fice. (2113) 

lost: Red Tag identification 
sticker fo r license plate. 
Can't afford to obtain new 
one. If found please call 
Darre ll at 278-8716. (2/ 13) 

wanted 

N ed ride to S.F. Valleyl 
l.A. on 9/ 16/73 in p .m. Will 
pay V2 gas. 453-8303, Patsy. 
(2/ 16) 

Wanted : a ch ap ste I 
string folk guitar . Call 
o nis at 454-4074 (2116) 

Want d : Babysit! r very 
W d. morning . 8:45-11 :45. 
5-y ar old boy. Lunch in-
dud d . 453-1703 after 5 
p.m. Start imm d. (2116) 

MEN, WOMEN, Work on a 
. ship next summerl No ex-
perience required. Ex-
cellent pay . Worldwide 
travel. Perfect summer job 
or career. Send $2.00 for 
information . SEAFAX Box 
2049-BE, Port Angeles , 
Washington 98362. (2120) 

Wanted : Furniture for apt. 
Dining table & chairs, dou-
ble mattress, etc. Steve or 
Dan, 755-9439 aft. 5 p.m. 
(2/ 13) 

Heading towards Canada. 
Need someone to share 
journey; want to see Spring 
come. If interested please 
contact John , 453-8864. 
(2/13) 
Wanted: a ride to and from 
Palo Alto-San Jose area any 
wkend. Pay 1/2 gas and 
drive . 453 -4768, Dave. 
(2/13) 
Wanted : I want to learn to 
play the piano . Need 
reasonable piano teacher. 
Don 453-8036. (2/13) 
Coast Cruiser Rider. Please 
return sz . 7 rust jacket to 
driver or 453-4697. Thanks. 
(2/13) 
Wanted : Phys icist with 
background in circuit 
design and a mature in-
terest in unidentified flying 
objects to work with three 
other Physicist s in 
developing UFO d tection 
and monitoring equip-
ment. No oth rs need call. 
583-8247. (2127) 

Children , elementi\ry 
school age, ne d d as sub-
jects in psychological ex-
perim nts on simpl tasks 
of perception and judg-
ment. $1 per half-hour ses-
sion. Experiments ordinari-
ly to be don in parent's 
house or in mobile 
laboratory. Mail nam sand 
ages to Prof. Norman H. 
Anderson, Psychology, 
UCSD; or phon B tty 
Johnson, Ext. 2013. (2/20) 

Ride Want d. N d rid or 
rid r to shar a Driv away 
to V rmontl ast Coast 
oon. Call 755-3928. (2113) 

personals 
Dear Tom : Happy Valen-
tine's Day from your most 
favorite snuggle-bunny. 
Love, Jan-Jan (2/13) 

Happy Birthday Barbara, 
from Nancy, Mary, and . 
Judy (2/1~) 
Student Disc. now offered 
to Full Time UCSD Students 
enrolled in min . of 10 units, 
on new General Motors 
Automobiles 72's & 73's 
available! New Chevy 
Vega's from $1887, Nova's 
$1900 etc. Ask about any 
GM Auto, call Joe or Deb-
bie - 274-2735. (2/13) 
Hey Barbara - "mmm -
mm - mm -mm - mmm -
mmmm." ms 

for sale 
VW Bug 69 in perfect con-
dition with 1600cc engine, 
nu brakes, paint 565-2781 
(2/16) 

Twin bed with cushion 
backs and cover. $10. 
George 488-2910 (2/16) 

For Sale : '63 VW, sunroof, 
good engine, tires. Very 
rf!liable . $300. 459-9118 
(2/16) 

1961 Olds "98" All Power 
many extras. Transmission 
problems. John, Beagle Hall 
No. 206 (2/16) 

Brand new panasonic desk 
lamp $10. 755-2945 nites 
(2/16) 

'70 Musta ng Grande, 
Buckets, Hurst 4-speed, 
302, tape deck . 582-9417 
(2116) 

For Sale : 2 compact refrig. 
Wood gr. fin. Like new. 
Paid sao each,s II $50 each. 
755-0081 (2116) 

'62 VW Van with '65 rebuilt 
ngine. $400. Call 453-5123 

or 276-1574 aft r 7 p.m. 
(2113) 

GE solid state AM I FM 
stereo console. Exc. condo 
$95.00, 296-0856 eves. (2113) 

'63 VW Engine, runs good 
needs Sun roof. $350 Day 
453-5000 ext. 230, Evenings 
755-3928. (2113) 

'66 VW Bug, sunroof, 
luggage rack, new tires, 
doesn't run . Make offer. 
Carla, 453-8768. (2/13) 

1968 Kawasaki 120TR, well 
kept, stck. & std., transp. 
$170 . Phone :583-0847 . 
(2/13) 

Hart Competition Ski. 
Brand new, 1973 model 205 
cm, call Jan 453-5402. (2113) 

50 Rock Albums 1-$2 
Beatles, Chicago, Airplane, 
etc. 8-10 p.m. 2043 Edin~ 
burg, Cardiff. (2/13) 

New amphibious flash unit 
for Nikonos camera. Make 
offer. Bill 755-4520. (2113) 

'71 Suzuki 250, on-off road, 
reliable, excellent condi-
tion $550. 435-3088. (2/13) 

17' Fiberglass Canoe, will 
sell or trade for st reo 
equipment. 277-6987. Ask 
for Mark . (2113) 

KlH Model 20 St reo 
Receiver, Amp, Garrard 
Turntable, Speakers; King 
Size Simmons Bed. Ext. 2331 
or 755-3042, Alan. (2113) 

For Sale : 2 Twin Beds. A 
real give-away. You make 
offer . Phone 755-8971. 
(2113) 

For Sale : Stereo, Good con-
d . 298-3264 p.m. Make 
offer. {2I13) 

For Sal - H-O mod I 
railroad stuff: track, table, 
rolling tock, etc. Tom 222-
0806 (2116) 


