
600 Liberal Arts Majors Sought by Vista/Peace Corps Recruitment 

o 

Ra lph Cole man, ACTION 
Manager 

Hannah Cohen 
A San Diego Peace Corps and Vista 

Volunteer Drive for Psychology, History, 
Art and other liberal arts seniors will 

highlight "Action Week" recruitment 
activities at UCSD, April 23-27. 

The first Pea e CorpslVista campus 
drive of the year at UC is a final call to 
g raduatin g seniors interested in 
applying for summer proje ts, according 
to Action spok sman Dave Byrnes of San 
Diego. 

Three former volunteers, including 
Byrnes, a 25-year-old former National 
City VISTA worker, will staff an informa-
tion and application center in the Muir 
T.V. Lounge from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Monday thlough Friday and until noon 
on Friday, Arpil 27. 

The addition of Arabian Peninsula 
countries Oman, Y men and Bahra in, 
and generally expanded programs 
overseas in all sixty Peace Corps host 
nations are the reasons credited by 
Byrnes for the increase and shifting 
emphasis in requests for june liberal arts 
graduates. " In the days ahead, the Peace 
Corps will be looking for over 600 arts 
and science seniors from San Diego and 
throughout Southern California to work 
in teaching, hea lth, constraction, con-
servation, fine arts, business, social work 
and other fields," says Byrnes. 

Byrnes, a former VISTA community 
services educator described the two year 
overseas commitment as a career-
oriented opportunity for UC graduating 
seniors to apply their education and 
skills on gaining practical job ex-
perience. According to Byrnes, liberal 
arts volunteers comprise 60 per cent of 

the 12,000 Pea e Crops and VISTA 
workers now in training or s rvice. He 
list d population control, health, and 
nutrition programs as additional areas of 
liberal arts assignments. "There is a 
wider rang of jobs in more countries 
than ver before," added Byrnes. H 
said that a total of 105 UC seniors 
applied for Peac Crops and VfST A 
assignments last year. 

Action Area Manager Ralph Coleman, 
26, of an Diego who joins Byrnes for the 
five-day campus drive indicat d that a 
balanc in liberal arts and technically 
specialized volunteers has been reached 
during the twelv years since the Peac 
Corp was founded . 

"Today, there are over 540 categories 
- of jobs now available to UC june 

graduates with majors in chemistry, 
physics, math/science, physical science 
and bio ngin ering," Coleman said. Th 
former Domini an Republi Volunteer 
emphasized that applications for the 
Peace Corps or Vista service should b 
filed now for availabilities after june 1. 

Outlining the two programs, Byrnes 
and Coleman said that Peace Corps 
volunteers receive in-country 
allowances whi h include housing, 
transportation and 48-days paid va a-
tion, plus a $2,000 readjustment 
allowance . which is paid following th 
two-year assignment. VISTA work rs 
serve for one year in a low-income rural 
or urban community and are provided 
with living ex penses, personal 

David Byrnes, ACTION 
Specialist 

allowanc s and a monthly stipend of $75 
each month. 

Qualifications include a minimum age 
of 20, good health and U .. titizenship, 
said ACTIO repr entatives. 

Volume 19, Number 6 University of California, San Diego Friday, April 20, 1973 

I. F. Stone: On Freedom 
Greg Hicks 

last Monday I.F. Stone, renowned journalist and author of numerous books, 
delivered a lecture on the general topic of freedom of thought and expression. 

Stone stated that each generation has to wage the battle against restrictions on these 
freedoms. He cited a number of present dangers to the exercise of these freedoms. One 
threat, he said, are those who cite "dangers which call for the limitation of freedom." 
Another problem is how to maintain freedom with the existence of technological 
devices which ca n be used for purposes of surveillance and repression. Richard Nixon, 
he sa id, being one who "thrived on the witch-hunt" is " extremely obtuse about the 
problem of freedom." In fact, he said, the government may move in the direction of 
repress ion in order to "maintain a free hand in Southeast Asia." There is also the fact of 
"plain fear of ideas of any kind", the dislike of having "customary ways of thinking 
disturbed." 

He commented that the right to think and express oneself freely is extremely fragile 
and rare. There were, he said, periods of freedom in Athens and Rome; for centuries 
Christianity was responsible for repression and thought control. 

He also stated that the battfe for freedom of thought and expression has been a battle 
against organized religion (which "remains one of the great enemies of progress and 
brotherhood"). The reason for this is, he said, that persecution goes hand in hand with 
the affirmation of "one simple, absolute truth that excludes other truths"; this lays the 
seeds of intolerance. " Tolerance", he said, " rests on the recognition that we just aren't 
sure." A free society necessarily includes a "substratum of skept icism, relativism, 
plura lism, and diversity." 

Today, according to Stone, there is very little freedom left. He stated that there is n? 
fre dom of thought "from Warsaw to Peking"; most of the Arab states do not allow thiS 
freedom; in Southeast Asia the situation is the same. The United States is at fault, he 
sa id, in supporting dictatorships in the Mediterranean, Latin America, and Southeast 
Asia . 

Two factors which ensure the preservation of freedom of thought are, he said, the 
existence of opposition parties and a strong tradition of freedom of thought and 
expression. 

Mr. Stone expressed the belief that eventually within the comm~nist states young 
p ople, writers artists and others will seek freedom of expression. We have an 
obligation, he s~id, "to set an example at home of truly free discussion." There is, he 
stat d, the possibility of the development of free institutions in. the c~mm~ni.st 
Countries. An encouraging development is, in his opinion, the b ginning of diverSity In 
differences between Belgrade, Moscow, and Peking. 

Mr. Stone stated his belief that "the main thing about freedom is the r quirement of 
ourage" - one must be willing to take the risks of freedom (e.g. the possibility of fre 

sp e h being utilized by people to make hateful comments) . Fre men in his vi w hav 
certain obligations; Nineteen-eighty four is "only inevitable if we don't do our duty." 

During th dis ussion, Mr. Stone expressed his athiesti convictions. Noth ing i mor 
':irrational and impious" he said than to believe that this "chaotic and ~u I." univ r e 
(,n whi h th inno ent suffer) was created by God. Our duty h r , he sa id, I to I n 
th amount of ruelty and injustice in the world. " Our task is to creat a b It r human 
bing and each of us contribut to that building for good or eviL .. What God didn't do 
w hav to do; i. . to cr ate a de ent univ r ." 

Financial Aid: No Policy Change 
Karen Armitage 

On Friday, April 13, a news item appearing in the San Diego Tribune indicated that 
students wanting financial aid would be asked to submit a copy of their parents' tax 
forms along with their application for financial assistance in the form of a grant, loan or 
scholarship. In an interview with the TRITON TIMES, Mr.lawrence Dreyer,Di rect or of 
Financial Aids, commented on the article and the outlook for financial aids in the 
coming school vear. 

IT: A recent article in the San Diego Tribune indicated that s~udents seeking financial 
aid next year would be asked to submit a copy of their parents' tax statement along with 
their application for financial aid . Would you elaborate on this change in policy and the 
reasons for its ildoption? . 

Dreyer: There has been no change in the policy of the financial aids office. We will 
not require a tax form be submitted with applications for financial aid, nor do we 
require it at the present time. 
IT: Will the student who does file a tax form with his application be given an advantage 
over the student who does not do so? 

Dreyer : No. There is no advantage to filing a tax form with an applica tion for financial 
assistance. The only time that a tax form would be useful would be when the parents' 
confidential statement was incomplete or confusing to the point where we were unable 
to evaluate the student's financial need. In these cases, rather than request another 
confidential statement, we simply request a copy of the income tax return. Using this 
system we requested 117 tax forms last year. This may sound like a lot until you rea lize 
that w~ handl d 2,500 applications for some form of financial aid in the same p riod. 
Thus it is not .a regular procedure, but an exceptional procedure used only in cases 
when we are unable to evaluate the confidential statem nt due to irr gularitie or 
errors. 

IT: What were the results when you reviewed the 117 tax forms? 
Dreyer: As a result of the review, $49,000 was saved .. In other w?rd , $49,OO~ dollars 

which would have been distributed to students who did not qualify, was retail d and 
later distributed to students who did. 

IT: What do you foresee in the coming school year in the way of available financial 
aid? 

Dreyer: It looks as if there will be more money avail~ble in t~e coming y ar, .but of 
course th re will be more students also. The latest information from Wa h,ngton 
indicates that th same programs of f inan ial aid now operating will b r newed, and in 
addition a pilot program which will offer aid to all stud nts, in luding stud nt 
attending trade schools, will b institut d . 

Training Program For Women 
H :1nah Cohen 

Th W om n's day tim programming committ of th Univer ity Ext n ion and th 
UC D P r onn I D partm nt pre nting a n w our thi quart r ntitl d " How If) 
top di riminatin against yours If: a training program for wom n." 

Fund for th our w r r Iv d from Affirmative A tion and th Univ r ity i 

continu d on page 11 



Dick Greg,ory, Stewart Udall 
Final Mandeville Speakers 

Comedian, satirist, and activist Dick 
Gregory and former Secretary of the 
Interior Stewart Udall have been 
scheduled as the final two speakers in 
the 1972-73 Mandeville Lectures spon-
sored by UCSD. 

Gregory will speak at 8 p .m : 
Wednesday, April 25, and Udall at 8 
p.m., Tuesday, May 8. Both lectures will 
be held in the Casa del Prado in Balboa 
Park and both are free and open to the 
public. 

The lectures are part of a series un-
derwritten by the Mandeville Founda-
tion and presented through the UCSD 
Campus Programming Board. The series 
began in 1966 and has continued on a 
regular basis ever since. 

Gregory, a man of many activities, will 
speak on "Social Problems: Social or 
Anti-Social?" Gregory first became 
known as a professional comedian. 
Today, he lists himself as a recording 
artist, author, lecturer, actor, human 
rights activist, critic, philosopher, and 
political analyst, "combining all of these 
roles to serve the cause of human libera- -
tion and to alleviate human suffering 
brought on by ignorance and apathy." 

Gregory was born in SI. Louis, 
Missouri . He began a career in comedy 
at a time when Black comedians 
received bookings only in Black clubs 
and theaters. In 1961 he was a last-
minute replacement at Chicago's 
Playboy Club and an almost immediate 
success. 

Appearances in other top clubs and 
on major network television followed. 
During the civil rights movement of the 
1960's, Gregory took part in many 
demonstrations. He has been jailed 
seve ral time s including a 45-day 
sentence in Chicago in 1965 and another 
45-day sentence in the state of 
Washington as a result of his 
demonstrating with the Niqualy Indians. 

Gregory formally en tered politiCS in 

1967 running as a write-in independent 
candidate for mayor of Chicago. The 
following year he was a write-i n in-
dependent candidate for President of 
the United States. 

He has numerous record albums to his 
credit and is the au thor of six books 
including his autobiography, "Nigger," 
" The Shadow That Scares Me", and 
"Dick Gregory's Poli t ical Pri mer" 
published in 1972. As a lecturer, Gregory 
has visited hundreds of college and 
university campuses during the past 
several years. 

He holds the degree of Doctor of 
Humane Letters f r om Malco lm X 
University in Chicago and a Doctor of 
Laws degreee from Lincoln University in 
Pennsylvania . 

Udall, appointed Secretary of the 
Interior by President John Kennedy, was 
born in 51. Johns, Arizona, in 1920. He 
was elected to Congress from the 2nd 
District in Arizona as a Democrat in 1954 
polling over 61 per cent of the votes: He 
was reelected to Congress for three 
more terms before being appointed to a 
cabinet post in 1961. 

During his six years in Congress, Udall 
favored longer terms for Congressmen 
and the President, elimination of the 
seniority system, and home rule for the 
District of Columbia. He was also a 
constant supporter of civil rights legisla-
tion. 

He was the first Ar izonan to hold a 
cabinet post, succeeding Fred A. Seaton 
as Secretary of the Interior. He was 
confirmed by the Senate without op-
position in January, 1961, and served in 
the post for eight years. 

Udall was named Chairman of the 
Board of the Overview Corpo ration in 
1969 and has served as the wr iter of a 
syndicated column tit led "Udall on the 
Environment" since 1970. He is the 
author of "The Quiet Crisis" and" Agen-
da for Tomorrow." 

Activi st Dick Gregory will speak W dnesday, April 25 on "Social Probl ms: So ial or 
Anti-So ial?" in th Casa del Prado in Balboa Park, as part of the Mandeville lecture 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday, April 20, 1973 

This Week in Sacramento 
- A MEASURE TO PREVENT STATE-
SUPPORTED INSTITUTIONS of higher 
education from entering into 
agreements with athletic associations 
which restrict amateur athletes from 
competing in events not sponsored by 
the association has been introduced by 
Assemblyman Vincent Thomas (D-San 
Pedro) . 

The b i ll will have th e effect of 
redUCing th e dispute between the 
NCAA and the AAU over athletic par-
t icipation in variou s sports events. " It's 
ri dicu lous that we've allowed publ ic 
insti tut io ns to threaten athletes with loss 
of el igibili ty and scholarships for par-
ticipating in events not sanctio ned by 
the NCAA," Thomas said. 

"Nor is it more excusable that the 
AAU can bar its members from Olympic 
competition for taking part in NCAA 
events." 

The Thomas measure wo~ld prohibit 
the use of any pub lic facili t ies by any 
associat ion that rest ricts athletes from 
competing in events not sponsored by it. 
- ASSEMBLYMAN MIKE CULLEt>J (0-
LOS ANGELES) has introduced a bill to 
require each state co llege and u niversi-
ty campus to assign one professor a year 
as a consultant to the legislature. The 
measure would add 199 additiona l staff 
consultants to the legislature. 

" It is my belief that the academic 
community has a great deal of expertise 
to offer the State of California, and thei r 
scholarly input to the State Legislature 
could be of immeasurable value," 
Cullen said. 

"Conversely, it would be expected 

that the professors would return to their 
classrooms with a tremendous amount 
of practical knowledge which would be 
of benefit to them personally, as well as 
to their colleagues and students." 
- FORMER GOV . EDMUND G. 
BROWN termed Gov. Reagan's tax limi-
tation plan "outrageous", "simplistic", 
"sheer unadulterated fakery " and 
" crackpot." 

Brown sa id Reagd'ls plan would put 
the government in a straitjacket. It 
would make it impossible for the 
Legislature to funct ion." 

" It is the most outrageous proposal 
that's been submitted to the people of 
the State of Californ ia si nce the Watson 
Amendment," said Brown. He added 
that the on ly reason the Governor is 
push ing the proposa l is so he can talk 
about it nationwide while runn ing for 
President. 
- ASSEMBLY SPEAKER BOB MOREnl 
has in troduced legislation to provide a 
collective bargaining system covering 
most public employees in California and 
stressing the reso lution of dead locks 
through voluntary procedures rather 
than binding compu lsory arbitration. 

The Speaker said a limi ted strike 
provIsion appears in th e bill. "The 
signi f icant poin t here is that strikes 

. could not occur until extensive legal 
procedures have been exhausted. That 
means the public will have coo l and 
impartial reason ing worki ng for them, 
instead of being the victims of table 
pou nding and u l timat u ms, as has 
sometimes been the case ." 

Carmel Valley Airport Meeting 
Due to heavy community demand, a second informative session on the proposed 

major airport in the Carmel Va lley Road - Highway 5 area w ill be held Wednesday, 
April 25, 7:30 p.m. at the little Bavaria in Del Mar Terrace, announced chairman pro-
tem Abe Ka latsky. The meet ing is sponsored by the Sorrento-Del Mar M esa Civic 
Association, reorgan izing in an effort to unify homeowners' groups and other interests 
under one banner to refl ect the wider area of conce rn. 

Speaking at the meeting wi ll be Lee Hultgren, Comprehensive Planning Organiza tion 
Director of Transporta tion, who will present a slide show offering the la test information 
about the four si tes under consideration. Citizens are urged to attend in order to be 
prepa red to give tes timony at the publ ic hearings slated by the County Board of 
Supervisors in June, said Mrs. Theo Tanalski, secretary. 

Wording of protest petit ions will be discussed as well as the possibili ty of a class action 
entered on beha lf of those w hose property values would be lowered by the placement 
of the airport and fl ight path in th e Penasquitos-Torrey Pines Park sector, she added. At 
present, efforts are centered o n informing the public and putt ing together effective 
representation, since it is known that the county expects to make a commitment to 
one of the sites by this August. 

Since the flight plan of Miramar Naval Air Base wou ld have to be altered if the new 
airport were placed on the Carmel Va lley mesa site, La Jollans would th en be in the 
altered flight pathi and with inco'ming planes approaching the commercia l landing 
runways over So lana Beach as would be necessary, the populat ions of a large segment 
of San D ieguito would be affected. 

Indian 
Culinary 
Delight 

A gourme t di n ne r 
featuring food and wine 
from India is being offered 
by members of the recently 
organized Friends of th e 
In ternational Cente r at 
UCSD as the second in a 
series of " International" 
fund raising events. 

The dinner is scheduled 
for 6 p.m. Sunday, April 29, 
in the International Center 
on the Matthews Campus. 
The cost is $6 per person 
and seating will be limited 
to 50 p rsons on a "first 
pay , first served" 
basis. R servation should 
b made by mailing 
a ch ck, made out to 
"Fripnds of th Inter-
nationdl Center", to the 
International nt r, P.O. 
Box 109, La Jolla, Calif. 

Chairman of th dinn r 
is Mrs . Medha Von Ess n, 
wif of UCSD Professor Dr. 

arl Von Ess n. 
Future plans inrlude an 

Afri an dinn r, a near-
eastern dinn r, a 1ewish 
dlnn r, and a Fr nch 
dinner. 

Mr. M dha Von Ess n (left) and Mrs. Luna Fung che k 
a catalog for items to purchase for the kitchen in the 
International Cent r. Funds for the purchases will 
come from a gourm I dinner featuring food and wine 
from India to b held in the International C nt r at 
6:00 p.m., Sunday, April 29. Cost per person fo r the 
dinner is $6.00. Mrs. Von Essen is chairman of the 
dinn r. 

University of California, San Diego 

Master Plan - An Overview Candidates for Cal-PIRG 
The draft report of the Joint Com-

mittee on the Master Plan for Higher 
Educat~on, .released in February, puts 
forth fiftY-SIX recommendations to im-
prove higher education in California. 
The University of California figures 
prominently in these recommendations. 

In an unprecedented move the Joint 
Committee has released its recommen-
dations in draft form. In the coming 
weeks a series of public hearings will be 
held throughout the statei educators, 
students, faculty members and in-
terested individuals will be offering their 
reactions to the study and their 
suggestions concerning how it might be 
strengthened. The report will then be 
revised and published in its final form in 
May. 

The report is the result of a two-year 
study of the Joint Committee, which 
includes members of both the Senate 
and Assembly . Representing the 
Assembly are : John Vasconcellos (0-
Campbell) Chairman, Willie Brown (0-
San Francisco), Jerry Lewis (R-Highland), 
Ken Meade (D-Oakland). and John Stull 
(R-Leucadia ). The Senate members are 
Howard Way (R-Exeter) Vice Chairman, 
Alfred Alquist (D-San Jose). Dennis 
Ca rpenter (R-Newport Beach), Mervyn 
Dymally (D-Los Angeles), and Albert 
Rodda (D-Sacramento) . 

History of Master Plan 
The Master Plan was originally created 

in 1960 and was to serve the state for 
fi fteen years. The plan was made law 
when the Donahoe Act, which con-
tai ned most of the study recommen-
dations, was added to the Education 
Code. The three segments of public 
higher education in California were 
organized with regard to " differentia-
tion of function"i the University of 
Californ ia, Californ ia State Universities 
and Colleges, and California Communi-
ty Colleges were to assume varied roles 
in higher education. 

The Community Colleges would offer 
vocational, collegiate and general in-
struction through the fourteenth grade. 
CSUC's were to offer undergraduate 
and Masters programs while UC's 
would serve undergaduates and, in ad-
dit ion , maintain jurisdiction over doc-
to ral programs, certain professional 
training (e.g. medicine, and law) and 
most research. This differentiation was 
instituted to prevent unregulated com-
petition during a period of enormous 
growth in Californ ia's higher education 
system. 

The plan was revi wed oncein 1965-66 
by the Coordinating Council for Higher 
Education (a governmental agency) to 
determine how much progress had been 
made as a result of the report. Some 
changes were made in 1968 in the areas 
of admissions. In 1970 the legislature, 
th rough ACR 198, established the Joint 
Comm ittee for the purpose of reviewing 
the master plan and higher education in 
general. Shortly thereafter, the CCHE 
crea ted a select comm ittee ' which 

reported its findings to the loint Com-
mittee in December of 1972. 

Among the areas of higher education 
covered in the report are : governance, 
coordination and planning, access and 
retention, inter-institutional coopera-
tion, new directions, independent 
higher education and financing . The 
report also calls for " a statement of 
legislative intent" on the goals for 
Ca lifornia's postsecondary education. 

Comminee's Recommendations 
Of the re~ommendations advanced by 

the Committee few are as controversial 
as : reducing the Regent's terms from 16 
to 8 years, regulating who the Governor 
may choose as a Regent, giving the 
responsibility for undergraduate ad -
missions criteria to the legislature and 
giving the power to levy student fees (or 
"tuition") to an agency of the state. 

One of the more expe c t e d 
recommendations calls for the abolition 
of the Coordinating Counci l for Higher 
Education. The stru ctu re of the CCHE 
which includes heavy representation by 
segment administrators, and the purely 
voluntary nature of its cooperation from 
the University have been the subject of 
crit icism in recent years. The committee 
recommends that th e CCHE be replaced 
by the "state Postsecondary Education 
Commission ." Su ch a commission would 
have twelve public members as well as 
seven institutional representatives, and 
would be granted broad powers by th e 
legislature to define, establ ish, correct, 
and approve the various areas of higher 
education in California. 

Other recommendat ions deal with 
admiss ion criteria . UC would, if the plan 
were implemented, select its freshman 
cl ass from the top 12Vz per cent of high 
school graduates. CSUC would select 
from th e top 1/ 3 of the high school 
graduates . Th e committee furth er 
recommends that by 1980 each segment 
o f California public higher education 
reflect " the general ethnic, sexual, and 
economic composi tion of this state." 

Student Issues 
Students may find good news in the 

recommendations calling for (non-
vuting) student members on the Board 
of Regents, Board of Trustees and Com-
munity Colleges' local govern ing 
boards. Students might also applaud 
recommendations calling for a single 
application form and just one fee for all 
four-year public institut ions. 

Under the report the State would 
establi sh a fourth segment of publ ic 
postsecondary education. This segment 
would be able to offer degrees to in-
dividuals based upon experimental lear-
ning, equivalency tests and outside work 
exper ie nce. It would op erat e i n 

Due to its ;" Jccess at UCSD, many 
students wish to expand the scope o f 
Cal -PIRC. They have indicated that they 
would like to see more environmental 
and consumer projects as well as other 
types: such as a study of discrimina tion 
against women in receiving credit. To do 
!his Cal -PIRG will have to re-orga nize 
ItSe lf and receive additional student sup-
port and funding. 

Listed below are the students who are 
candidates for a governing board of 
directors of Cal-PIRC at UCSD. . 

Aft er read ing the qual i fi catio ns, 
students are asked to vote for f ive of 
th em to be on the UCSD Cal-PIRG 
board . At the same time voters should ~ndica te whether or not they wish to 
Increase Cal-PIRG's share of the exist ing 
student activity fee. 

Nl RICK DROM - Revelle/jun ior - I 
have worked with Cal -PIRG fo r over a 
year now and am interested in seeing it 
grow. I am a member of the Revelle 
Committee on College Affai rs. 

N2 ALAN FRIEDMAN 
Revelle/senior - I worked on the Retail 
Pr ice Comparison Su rvey. I am now 
working on a new survey to compare 

pharmaceutical prices in the San Diego 
area. 

13 ROBERT GILMORE 
Muir/graduate - I have experience in 
the plann ing and administration o f com-
mun ity adtion groups, and traini ng 
programs for Vista and the Headstart 
programs. 

14 GINGER HORN - Revelle/junior 
- I am interested in setting up new Cal-
PIRG projects. I worked on the Retail 
Price Comparison Su rvey. 

15 CHARLES KROHN - M uir/junior 
- I am interested in consu mer fraud 
and fa lse avdertising. I have had ex · 
perience filing false advertising com-
plain ts. 

16 NICK PAPADOPOULOS -
Revelle/freshman - I am working with 
Cal-PIRG to meet with the Regents. I am 
in terested in Cal-PIRG, especially its 
potential in coordinating resources to 
solve important problems. 

17 TERRY PERCIVAL - Muir/junior-
I have no experience but much interest 
in Cal-PIRG. I want to help 

N8 MICHELLE PHILLIPS - Revelle/-
junior - I am interested in Cal-PIRG 

conlinued on page 10 

OCEAN FRESH 
SEAFOODS 

Fresh Fish Market and Seafood Cafe 

Cqod Friday Special 
20% Off 

This Ad Good for 20% Off 
Any Fish or Cafe Purchase 

Please present this ad before 
making pu rchase 

(offer good only through Apri l 
28, 1973) 

5509 La Jolla Blvd. 459-4149 
cooperation with the other segments II!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 
and employ a minimum of staff and .... ". ........... - ..... ". ........... - ..... ". ........... - ..... ".---..... ~ 
administration . 

The Committee is now in the process 
of hearing public views on the report 
throughout the sta te. The first hearing 

conlinued on page 10 Automatic! 
These three exciting Olympus Compact 35mm Camera Out1l1s 

and JIIr Sari .. willi 1111$ III 

35 EG·2 

• Full-frame 35mm with aulomatk: 
exposure' control end auto flash con· 
"01 • EIec1ronk: 'hutter for contrnuoul 
SpeedS tram 4 to 11800 leeond • 
Eltlremelv compacl. IIQhtwelght Itvllng 
fits In pocket or purse 

~ . ,'\ , 
. . 

~ .. , . .-' 

35 EGR 

• Full. frame 35mm with automallc 
I"posur' oontrol and auto flash con-
trol • Rangetinder focul lng Ind elec-
tronic sttutter with continuous speeds 
tram 4 to 11800 leeond • Lightweight. 
compact design fits In pocket or purse 

., .. 

35 RG 

• FuJl· frame 35mm prov ide. 
automatic exposure control wilh 
manual oven Ide • Range' lnder 
focusing and aUlo flash control . 
Compact. hghtweught deSign to "I In 
pocket or purse 

But Hurryl 
These prices will only be offered until April 28. 1973. You'll never 

see prices this low again on these outstanding cameras. 
Offer valid only with this ad at 

FOTOMAT 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive al Genesee 
leleptione 453·5753 

Hours: Monday·Friday 10·7; Salurday 9·6; Sunday t 1-4 

Page 3 Friday, April 20, 1973 Tri ton Times 



II seems 10 us 
suffer inR from Ihe 
order to correct 

dad, or put it in your tr~sh can, 
whichever you deem appropriale. 

TRITON TIMES, by /AlIJU',d' 
reprintin .... I rn,rrp,rt"rI ver-
}ion of our PfA ITH HONOR 
poster. Now you cafl il out and pUI it 
on your wall, give it your mom and 

And, if hislory is dommed to repeat 
itself, stay tuned to the TRITON TIMES, 
as the producers of PEACE WITH 
HONOR will announce the completion 
of two new spectaculars: IT HAPPENED 
IN CAMBODIA, and LOST IN LAOS. 

"I ... my •• H a •• Ion. 
cowboy I.adlng a caravan .•. " 

Henry Kissinger !!,e New Republic 

RICHA'RD NIXON 
AND 

HENRY KISSINGER 

THE BIRTH AND DEATH OF 
THE GREAT SOCIETY \ . . . 
SPECTACULAR BATTLE SCENES 
WAR TH EWAYIT SHOULDBE i 
FOUGHT , \ \ \ ! 
TENSE DIALOGUELESS CONFERENCE 
SCENES __ !:.:i ''"'' \ '~. 
A NATION TRANSFORMED /'" / 
CONGRESS SITS ON ITS RUMP 
AMERICAN GI'S ONLY 
FOLLOWING ORDERS~~~~ 

t 
"You'll be wait ing 
in suspense for 
the end ing. 
CRONKITE 

RICHARD NIXON IN A UNITED STATES PRODUCTION 
A RICHARD NIXON FILM 
" PEACE WITH HONOR" 

Guest Stars . LE DUC THO· NGUYEN VAN THIEU 
GENERAL GIAP • CREIGHTON ABRAMS • WILLIAM 

WESTMORELAND • 
• HO CHI MINH • SPIRO AGNEW· NGUYEN CAO KY 

Mualc Compoeed and Conducted by 
The Khe Sanh Corp-Tet 

Song "Happy Ho-Chi Minh Trails to you", 
Lyrics by Ike, Jack, Lyn and Dick 

• Sung by Sgt. Barry Sadler • An'Or iginal Screenplay by 
THE BIG FOUR . Produced by AMERICAN TAXES 

• Directed by RICHARD NIXON • Technicolor 
SPECIAL EFFECTS By LT, WILLIAM CALLEY JR. 

Hear Sgt. Barry Sadler Sing "Happy Ho 
Chi Minh TrailS To You:' On Pentagon Records 

WASHINGTON 
Wh ftf3 
House 

PARIS 
Embassy 

Hotel 

SAIGON 
Pre:;idential 

Palace 

11th SMASH YEAR!"' 
ALSO IN CAMBODIA. LAOS AND THAILAND 

HANOI 
Ministry 
Building 

DIPLOMATS, PLEASE PRESENT FORKED TONGUE 
AT BOX OFFICE FOR ANY PERFORMANCE 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, April 20, 1973 

' IT'S .01 YOU" 

The opinlom expreued on theM .,..... are those af the 41 ....... " w"- no ..... appear In the bylines and do nol l 
nec_rlly reflect the vieWs 01 the TRITON TIMES. AII)IOM desiring to submit material 10 be published on "'- paves 
"-lei ...l it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke HoR, UCSO. . . 

The Civilianization of the,War, or 
The Empire's New Clothes" , 

At last a ceasefire accord has been 
signed. Even as the ink dries however, 
Administration officials are quietly 
laying the groundwork for a long-term 
clandestine war in Southeast Asia. 
Americans in non-military attire are 
already taking over the tasks of 
withdrawing U.S. military forces. They 
are advising the South Vietnamese Ar-
my, maintaining and flying the South 
Vietnamese Air force, advising the 
Saigon government down to local levels 
and helping to run Thieu's police and 
pacification programs. 

" ... friends in peace as we have been allies in 
war." - Richard Nixon January 23,1973 

By putting civ ilians in military roles , 
the U.S. may circumvent some of the 
ceasefire 's military restrictions without 
technically violating them. Nonetheless, 
American advice, dollars and hardware 
will remain the source of Thieu 's control 
over people in South Vietnam and the 
sou rce of his ability to renew the 
fighting if his control falters. In such 
post-ceasefire fighting, the U.S. role 
would be less visible than before the 
truce, though perhaps not less signifi-
cant. 

Reducing the visibility of the war has 
been a major objective of the Nixon 
Administration for the last four years. 
Since 1969, the U.S. has withdrawn most 
of its Gis from South Vietnam and 
replaced them with automated bombing 
and Vietnamization . like previous 
changes in the form of American in-
tervention, this change has not altered 
the basic U.S. objective of keeping afloat 
a pro-American, anti-Communist 
government in South Vietnam. Even 
after U.S. military withdrawal , the Ad-
ministration will continue to pursue this 
goal by providing Thieu with civilianized 

management for Vietnamization and 
pacification, and with all the tools 
necessary for perpetual war. 

In November, under the pretext of 
preparing for an anticipated ceasefire, 
the Administration poured planes and 
arms into South Vietnam at an un-
precedented rate . American arms are 
mainstay of Saigon's ability to fight, as a 
South Vietnamese air officer recently 
told the Washington Pos!: 

If we have a good supply from the 
U.S., we can fight this war forever. 
Even without 8-52s, we can do 
everyth ing, and with precision , if we 
can get enough equipment. Instead 
of one B-52, we can use 10 or 20 A-
37s. It will take more time, but we 
will get the same results. 

In November, as the arms build-up 
neared completion, groups of 
Americans were landing dajly at Saigon's 
Tansonnhut airport to help run Thieu's 
Army and Air Force. Official so urces 
ha ve estimated that 10,000 Americans 
would remain in South Vietnam 
following U.S. military withdrawal, but 
the figure may be conservat ive. 

Whatever their ultimate numbers, the 
U.S. civilians staying in Vietnam to sup-
port military operations are of two basic 
types. first, American airmen and 
technicians are performing tasks such as 
operating and repairing aircraft. Many 
of these men have been recruited 
directly from the military. Second, many 
American advisors to the Vietna mization 
program will remain, though they will 
trade their uniforms for sportshir ts . 

American airmen are needed by 
Saigon to fly many of the new planes 
which its own pilots can't operate. Ac-
cording to Aerospace Daily, Pentagon 
spokesman Jerry friedheim recently 

continued on page 5 

Could it be that UCSD, 
with its cro s-section of 
Americana represented in 
its student body, faculty, 
staff and administration, 
does not have any 
opinionated commentary 
to offer to the readers of 
the TRITON TIMES? We 
welcome any and all items. 
Just send th em to (he 
TRITON TIMES, 11 7 Blake 
Hall, Re velle Campus, 
92037, or drop (hem of( at 
our office, located in the 
northwest corner of Blake 
Hall . 

FRIDA Y FLICKS 

tt'iton 
timeS 

lditor-in-Chief • .•.• C.-my Shirk!'; 
City Editor "" , ... Carrie Rickey 
Minl,in, Editor .Dn;d 8uchblndpf 
Copy Editor •• Debbie Montgomf'ry 
lu.wnHf Min,ser . Michael Greene 
Editori .. 1 Director . , .•• Mark Siegel 
Arb (ditor ., •••.. Tom Undbf!'g 
Sporn Edhor .. .•. ' Michael Ralh 
",ot08, .. phy Editor .•.. Joe h~lern 
SKret,,)' • • ••.•• ' COrinne elCon 
A"oel.l. Cily Edlto" Rlch"d Drom 

Michiel Sesma 
4t.t. 'u,ln~H MS' ..• MIchael Wyer 
4,.1. tdltori. Ok. . Barbara Randall 
Ant. Spor.s Editor ..... Mir~ li~h 
Th. U ITON TIMES b offlcl.lly 
'tco,nized .t , "ud .. " . Mw'pI~r 
by Iho Communk.lIon .... ,d 01 Ihe 
UnlunJiy 01 eIlNor"I., SIn 01",0, 
lulldln, :ZSO, M.ttMwt C,mpus, L. 
Jofl., C.IHOfnl. 911)1. 'ublk.llon k 
twlct w.eldy on Tue.d.y. and 
frkll,... Offle" It. IOUltM ,n aoom 
117, .',lIe H,a, "1';"'" U",,"," fOf 
..... 'Iklns phon. 451-'112, or 45] · 
lOOO, X 1011; for "'Iorl.1 or Mwt 
phone • I01~ 

War Between 
Men & Women 

The Violinist 

75¢ 
7:30 P.M. & 
10:00 P.M. 
2722 USB 

Becket 
Richard Burton 

Peter O'Toole 

50¢ 7:30 P.M, 
2722 USB 

SA TURDA Y FILMS 
n nnnnn. 

The Empire's 
New Clothes 
continued from page 4 

... conceded that the Vietnamese could bridge the 
[pilot) gap by hiring "contract personnel" which 
could either be active duty U.S. pilots loaned to 
them or recently retired USAf fliers. The CIA's Air 
America airline uses some active duty personnel 
who merely shed their uniforms for the duty. 

Air Ameri ca -type companies have a long history of 
covert military involvement in Indochina. As General 
Edward Lansdale's reports in the Pentagon Papers 
reveal, the Civil Air Transport company was used as 
early as 1956-7 to fly arms and supplies for clandestine 
military operations against North Vietnam. Since the 
mid-1960s, Air America has played a central role in the 
CIA's secret war in Laos. 

With an outfit like Air America, the distinction 
between civilian advisers to military programs and 
civilian employees of U.S. war contractors is next to 
meaningless. A July 1972 company recruiting brochure, 
obtained by Dispatch News Service International, 
makes clear that civilian flying is merely a cover for 
covert military activity: • 

Although flights mainly serve U.S. official per-
sonnel movement and native officials and civilians, 
you sometimes engage in the movement of friend-
ly troops, or of enemy captives; or in the transport 
of cargo more potent than beans. There's a war 
going on. Use your imagination! 

Aimed at active-duty Gis, the Air America brochure 
offers a hopeful outlook on the cu rrent situation: 

foreign aid situation unclear pending outcome of 
military situation in RVN (Republic of Vietnam), 
but it looks as if we'll finish the war (and peace 
terms favorable for our side); if so, it is expected 
that a boom among contract operators will result ... 

Air America is not the only contractor cashing in on 
the boom now that the South Vietnamese Air Force is 
su ddenly the third largest in the world. The Pentagon 
has hired at least 23 U.S. corporations to help keep 
Saigon's armed forces armed, at a cost of over $150 
million each year to American taxpayers. 

Among the U.S. war contractors in Vietnam are such 
bigname corporations as lIT, Phil co-ford, Sperry-Rand 
and Lear Siegler. These companies' civilian employees 
are already doing everything from running the South 
Vietnamese military's computers and communications 
network to teaching its Air Force how to fly and repair 
its planes. Shortly before the la st U.S. Air force unit left 
Bienhoa air base la st fall, lear Siegler Inc., a California-
based electronics firm, received a $6.5 million contract 
to train and support the Vietnamese Air COMMAND 
AT THE SAME BASE . A lesser-known American com-
pany, NHA, has received over $45 million in aircraft 
maintenance contracts from the U.S. Department of 
Defense (000) for Vietnam. lIT has earned at least $48 
million in 000 contracts for operating and maintaining 
military communi ca tions equipment in South Vietnam. 
And Sperry-Rand's UNIVAC Div ision has a current 
co ntract with the U.S. Army Computer Systerl}s Support 
Command to maintain data processing equipment in 
Vietnam. 

One future area of military activity which can be 
easily devolved to civilian contractors is remote-
controlled bombing. Under Pentagon contracts, com-
panies such as Teledyne-Ryan have developed and 
produced unmanned aircraft called Remotely Piloted 
Vehicles (RPVs) which are alread y flying recon-
naissance missions over North Vietnam. The Air force 
is working hard to perfect RPVs for use in attack 
missions so that the U.S. can bomb without risking the 
loss of American pilots. And who better to direct the 

Continued on page 11 

Series Scripps 1972-1973 
MANDEVILLE LECTURE 

presents 

DICK 
GREGORY 
"SOCIAL PROBLEMS: 

SOCIAL or ANTI-SOCIAL" 

Wednesday 
8:00 P 8 april 25, 1973 

CASA del PRADO 
BALBOA PARK 

This I cture i fr e & open to 
the Public. Made possible by 
the Mandeville Foundation 

• 

Does CAL-
PIRG HAveA 
Refundable 
Fee System? 
Editor: 

H aving received my 
CAL-PIRG ballot I notice 
that CAl-PIRG has now 
been operating for about a 
year. A year ago when I 
signed the petition to in-
stilute thi s organization it 
was my understanding that 
it was to be funded on a 
refundable f e basis. I've 
so metimes wondered 
when I would get my 
chance to get my fee back. 
So now I find that I don't 
have the choice. It has 
been operated for that year 
on money from the student 
activity fee . To be exact 75¢ 
of my $18.00 in activity fees 
this year has gone to CAl-
PIRG. And CAl-PIRG now 
says, " If the Regents allow 
CAL-PI R G to collect a 
refundable fee we will not 
ask for any part of the ac-
tivity fee . Instead we will 
set up our own refundable 
fee mechanism." This im-
plies that when CAl-PIRG 
was set up it didn't have 
the authority to use a 
refundable fee system and 
it still doesn't. for an 

organization dedicated to 
consumer protection this 
see m s strange that it 
shou ld have mis-
represented itself in thi s 
way. Jim Ges~ling 
P. S. Please don't refund 
my money unless you are 
willing to refund to all who 
desire it. 

CAL-PIRG 
Member 
Responds 
Editors: 

We at CAlPIRG are a bit 
di stressed by the im-
plications of Mr. Gesslings 
letter in the TRITO 
TIMES. for the sake of 
clarily we shall reply point 
by point to the matters 
which his leiter raises . 

1) On the matter of 
CAlPIRG's establishment 
and proposed funding 
base, Mr. Gessling was cor-
rect in reca ll ing that the 
original petitions cir-
culated last spring and 
signed by over half of the 
student body did mention 
a proposed refundable fee . 
Such a fee would require 
the approval of the 
Regents. For the past year 
CAlPI RG has been 
endeavoring to obtain such 
approval and we are now 

scheduled to go before the 
Regents this June. Since 
going through the proper 
bureaucratic channels 
takes time, it was necessary 
for CAlPIRG to find a tem-
porary source of funding 
so that we could at least 
begin to function in a 
meaningful manner while 
wa.iting to go to the 
Regent s. Such emergency 
funding was generously 
supplied by the 
Chancellor's Adv iso ry 
Committee on Student life 
and Interests. 

Even though a perma-
nent funding mechanism 
has not ye l b ee n es-
tablished, and we ar e 
operaling on emergency 
funds, th undersigned will 
be happy to refund M r. 
Gessli ng his 75¢. We have 
no desi re to take anyon '5 
money who is opposed to 
what CALPIRG is trying to 
do. We are endeavoring to 
be the fir st student 
orga nization which gives 
students an option to 
financially support it. 

2) Mr. Gessling 's state-
ment that " ... when 
CAL PIRG was set up it 
didn't have the authority to 
use a refundable fee 
system and it still doesn't" 
is misleading . It implies 
that CALPIRG mis-
represented ilself. As 

not d above, the funding 
mechanism mentioned in 
the circulated petitions 
(and for that matter the 
very establishment of 
CALPIRG) were proposa ls 
subje t to th . approval of 
the Regents. The issue of 
authority lose~ relevence as 
Ihe proposa l is cont ingenl 
upon the approval of the 
Regents. 

3) Mr. Gessling's ac-
cusations in h is closing 
senten e (of misrepresen-
tation) are, we feel, entirely 
unfounded and untrue. 
CAlPI RG's record of ac-
complishments speaks for 
itself. 

In closi ng, we f el su re 
Ihat even Mr. Gessling 
would agree th at the 
students of UCSD and the 
community at large have 
gOllen more than their 75¢ 
worth (i n food price 
sav ing s alone) from 
CAlPIRG. Sincerely" 

Vince Schwent 
Charles Krohn 

Rick Drom 
for CALPIRG 

The TRITON TIMES en.our.ge. lhe 
UN of Ita edltorla' pIg ... 1 • forum tor 
the Unlverllty communlt)' . All con· 
trlbutlonl MUST Include the nlme and 
addre.s of the wrlt.r, although nlme. Wttl 
be withheld on roque.t , COLUMNS will 
be chosen by the EdjlorlaJ dec.rtm.nt on 
the bull of their Inter.lt. ImportanCe. or 
entertainment \I_lUI to the University 
community. Please be a. concise as 
possible; do not exceed 1000 words. We 
reserve the right to edlto for space or IIbef 
considerat ions unless specifically In· 
dlcated otherwise 

~ 11111111111111111111111111111 III 1111111111 111111 II 111111111 11111111 111111111 1111 1111111111111111111111111111111111111 III. i 1111111 II m 111111 111111 11111111111111111111111 1111111111 111111 IIIUIi 11111 11111111111 ~ 
~ ~ 

; The Electric Banker I i The HP-80 is especially Designed for the I 
~ Businessman who must calculate Interest ~ ! rates, Time payments, future values, I 
I Depreciation, etc. ~=~ 

The HP· 80 can perform 20 different functions which 
combine to give today's businessman the data he needs to 
ma ke informed decisions Useful for Statistical Analysis 

: 
Available now at 

he University Bookstore i 
x1360 I 

;'iilllllllllllllil 1II11111111111111111111111111111rnilii 11111111111 1111111111111111 i 1111 11111111111111 1111111 In 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111 11111111111111111 1111111111111111 III t 1111111111111111111111111111111 I ffl 

Open up 

Make the most of it! 
ANH EUSER · BUSCH. INC • ST LOUI 

Page 9 Friday, April 20, 1973 Triton Times 



c:: 

In Your Ear -
Radio Free La Jolla/ 

, 

KSDT 
Yes, people, we are here and very much alive. 

Nestled in our quonset hut on Matthews Campus with 
new posters of Marc Bolin and Dory Previn, along with 
program log sheets stacked on the desk, we are indeed 
back to normal functioning, but with some marked 
improvements. . . 

KSDT (w hich incidentally stands for San Diego 
Tritons) is the on-going development of about fifty 
UCSD students with additional input from loca l and 
distant friends . Programming-wise, we're a collage of 
music styles, people, interests - trying to create a 
viable, alternative community radio station . Collective-
ly, our music tastes range from jazz to Latin sounds to 
bluegrass to classical to rock to "Bulgarian . nose-
blowing music" - in short a total collection of 
anything that can be considered "musical sounds.". 

If you have a particular flair or slight interest In 
learning about any aspect of radio, then by all means, 
stop by Quonset 314 or give us a call at 453-2000, X1155 . 
Our studio line is 453-1221. We' re here for you, as 
members of the UCSD community. Feedback is most 
definitely welcomed ... 

" In Your Ear" (hopefully) will be a weekly or bi-
month ly special feature in the Triton Times. We are 
attempting to reach out, to be an integral pa rt of UCSD. 
Help out - it's your station tool 

FEATURES 
News Monday, Wednesday, and Friday evenings 6:45 

a wrap-up of local, state, and larger-scale news items. 
Features from the Pacific Coast Radio Network (PCRN) 
and the Asia Information Group are also included . 
POOTS 01 AM~RI( AN ~l u SJ Saturday nights 6-8 p.m. 

Each Saturday night, Bill Forrest and Bi;1 Paciesas 
present a two hour program which focuses on early 
American music styles - including blues, folk and 

blu eg ra s~. Occasional " live" sessions with local folk 
and bluegrass musicians are also featured . 
World Music Thursday mornings 6-10 a.m. 

From the lofty heights of th.e Himalayas to calypso 
music of the Caribbean to the ragas of India, ethnic 
music from around the world is presented by Rick 
North in a contemporary context, interspersed with 
other forms of "modern" music. 
John Dow Show Friday nights 6 p.m. 

KSDT's hard-hitting and hard-biting critic of films, 
the Hollywood machine, golf tournaments, television 

~ tf:N[~ Cirte"l3 
Even!ngs ThfOUgl'l Monday ! 
"'Ell rAOlO rASGutlrs 
THE GOSPEL ACCORDING 
TO SAIIIT MATTHEW 
BOO p m I h, ly 19641 Sub~lIeo 
A passl()nlte DOtIlC. conlTO¥efSial 
YerSlOn of the life 01 JesU! 
y[uKIIYSU: 
TlIE IIOIIDS OF Tit( rAIl 
700& 1020pm Ie-Mda·a/2 
by Henry Zemel ! 
A dotumfffitar'V abou1lmmanUt I Vt ltkovsky, 
the revOilJhOnary, &Clenu' .c lh,,·kt 

SalUtday Mldn'ghl 
The Noclurnal Cinema 
IIU Of DIVORCEMENT 
USA 1932 I OtreC1eo by Georp C,km 
Fealuflng John BaIl'Ym()fe 
& Kalhafille Hepburn 
Several 5hOI'Ier films Include-d 

Tuesday and weonescay 
LATIN AMERICAN f iLM SERIES 
ANTONIO OAS MORTES 
700 & 9 151 81.,,1 19691 SJblofteo 
A hlonl~ Oftg.n,1 bizarre IICcounl of 
a rebel h'ei'O If" me e'1111 bllC~ counlry 
AlSO two ItIorter films 
'-'UIIrIlItI 
USU. Of THE rAllUlO ICtIM'1 

ge<JO/1I\'''i Th .. "",y 
1IaI~·' 
THE GiRlS 

AT THE GLOBE 

I Nt>lANS 
by Arthur Kopil 
NOWPl~YING 

Brought to li fe through \litality 
and energy, Indians bursts 
forth in a rousing and bltler 
struggle. Manipulated by un· 
scrupulou s profiteers, Buffalo 
Bill compromlses hiS li fe ;tnd 
IO'lle for the Indian nation as 
hIS dream o f glory leads 10 
nightmarish corruption. 

- in short, anything that comes to the mind of our 
resident cynic John Dow. 

Special Series 
During this Spring Quarter, we will be featuring 

several special series of common-theme programs. 
One such series is the " I am a Woman of Heart and 
Mind" series - programs from the Pacifica Program 
Service and the Asia Informat ion Group; programs by 
and about the 51 % minority group, more commonly 
known as women. These programs will be aired 
throughout April. 

Another series is a ten-part radio version of Norton 
Juste r's "The Phantom Tollbooth", the story of a liule 

, boy named Milo who travelled to lands far beyond 
Expectations. KSDT will be presenting "The Phantom 
Tollbooth" plus other children's stories this quarter. 
These serials ·will be a regular part of "Megaphone." 

"THE CHROME-PLATED MEGAPHONE OF LIFE" 
(Megaphone for short) is a new feature of KSDT. Me-
gaphone is the general catch-all title for our non-music 
programs, more officially known as public affairs 
programs. Each night from 9-10 P.M . (Sunday-Friday) 
and from 8-10 p.m. (Saturday), will be offering a variety 
of programs, some locallyoriginated, some from our 
friends in other places (KPFK, WL VR, etc.). Ranging 
from children's stories to legal seminars to Mandeville 
lectures to rock personalities to women's programs, 
these presentations and many others will be featured 
on "Megaphone." With the help of non-commercial 
organizations such as the Pacifica Program Service, Asia 
Information Group, Canadian Broadcast Corporation, 
and others, we hope to stimulate your thoughts on 
things you don't learn in the classroom - education 
without grades and exams. Feedback is welcomes -
suggestoons for future programs, criticism 
whatever! 

It 
~ 

\ 

, 

" MEGAPHONE OFFERINGS" 
April 20-26 

Friday, 20 April 
6:00 p.m. John Dow Show (20 minutes) 
6:30 P.M. News (15 minutes) 
9:00 p.m. "The Phantom Tollbooth" Part 3 
Saturday, 21 April 
8:00 p.m. "The Phantom Tollbooth" Parts 1, 2, & 3 
9:00 "She Who is Electric" (Pacifica Program Service) 

This program, produced by KPFA-Pacifica Berkeley, 
is a dynamic poetry reading by radical-lesbian Judy 
Grahn . Included in her presentation is "She Who" and 
"The Common Woman" series, along with the short 
story, "Edward the Dyke." Exciting, thought-provoking 
dialogues. 
Sunday, 22 April 
9:30 p.m. "Kathleen Cleaver on Black Panther Party 
Politics and the Feminist Movement" (Pacifica 
Program) 

continued on page 10 

__ .0 beollH~~combiMtlo" 
" Perll.ptJ tile ••• t 

bealtif.1 •• "ie i. hiAtory." 
- ........ r.& n.1Irw ,n... 

Elwlra 
M~an 

,_Il"",~ 'rvlA '" ",/We ezx:j[/all 
r,.. 8:05 

Ed Bullins/Black 
Commitment and Co unications 

Black Theater: Commitment & 
Communication was the topic 
that Ed Bullins, a New York City 
based playwright and poet lec-

. tu red on in the UCSD Theater 
last Thursday. 

Bullins, co-founder of the 
Bl ack Artslwest in San Fran-
cisco's Fillmore Di strict and who 
is presently a resident playwright 
at the New lafayette Theater in 
Harlem lectured to audience of 
approximately 75 persons. 

"A a writer, Bullins has traveled 
a number of paths searching 
himself, seeking to bring out a 
personal style of writing. 

" I wrote a very interesting 
piece of prose called 'The Ab-
surd One," Bullins said. 

"It was written at a time when I 
was seeking for answers. I didn't 
know what particu lar answers, 
but some answer," he said . 

"Around the period of time 
that I wrote 'The Absurd One' I 
had no cogent and philosophical 
answers within myself," Bullins 
said. 

He reads "The Absurd One " 
to an audience which listens in-
tently, appearing to be groping 
to understand Bullins' message 
in-depth . 

Not an intense, untamed 
dramatic reader, Bu II ins seems to 
know how to elicit the kind of 
tone to render an atmosphere of 
relaxation, and yet, to be so sen-
sitive and creative at the same 
time. He reads with feel ing. 

Bullings poses a rhetorical 
question . He asks the audience: 
" A man with closed feelings, 
how does it become rampant in 
the theater, how does he 
translate the written word into a 
theatrical tongue?" 

Without much elaboration on 
that question, assuming that the 
audience is intelligent enough to 
be able to deal with that ques-
tion, Bullins decides to talk about 
the first time he heard his own 
writings read by other persons. 

" I had never heard my mind 
speak . 

"I had never heard my spi rit 
speak. 

"I became so shakened when I 
heard my writings being read I 
almost fainted ," Bullins said. 

"It wasn't my voice. My voice 
had no substance, no profundity 
in my words," he said. 

Tommy Calimee 

one, with an appropriate 
"Moon Ride", was eq 
written well. 

"When I wrote this prose 
again groping with 
wanted to muster a feel 
to bring out the private 
tions of this individual a . 
Bullins said. 

"I wanted to exert 
was provocatively true and 
why I wrote this prose." 

Bullins said that Bobby Seale was 
lead actor in one of his plays -

'Flowers for the Trashman." 
About the same time he meets 

Newton and Seale, The Black 
a political and cultural 

in the Filmore district is 
bli shed. 

"We were committed to 
the world, out to change 

world through art, through 
" Bullins said. "We did 
on street corners, in bars, 

ms, beauty parlors, in the 
Ie of the street, rock con-
anywhere we could per-

we performed," Bullins 

Becoming emotionall y 
volved in the presentation 
lectu re, wh ich was e i 
because Bullins paced 
forth across the stage 
never standing in one Spot, 
cupying the entire stage to Bullins says he had a vision: He 
his story. He says: the Bay Area and journeys 

ew York City to work at the 
"What I wanted to do with lafayette Theater. 

writing was to bring out a type Bullins begins to close his lec-
inner message. I could hal'e ture . He talks about Black 
the world is Fucked up, Theater in general. 
about revolution, but I w,n,M. 
develop my own sound "I expect Black Theater to get 
writing, like a musician with big. Broadway type theater 
instrument," Bullins s~id . ing theater. Black plays are 

Hollywood institutions," 
"How does a writer Bull ins sa id. 

words into an audie 
media. Does a writer deal Engaged also in film-making, 
mental masturbation?" he he voices an opinion on Black 

He relaxes, sits in th e films: " Black films are having a 
lowers his voice, a great impact on the Black com-
dazzles in his eyes. munity. Black films are making 

He begins to read film industries rich. The film 
Enemy" a Black political saved MGM as a dying 
he wrote during the co mpany. An audience 
One begins to see the makes up a community 
Bullins has come to grips a profit of 50 billion dollars a 
another reality . will make profound changes 

"When I found m the American arts - the film 
entering art, I entered indust ry. 
found the presence of the "However, Blacks will have the 
Theater," Bullins said. to learn communications 

"Yeah, I went to jail nology," Bullins said. 
shootin' at nigguhs and 
came time for me to enter 
world of the theater it 
natural thing." ns to communicate our 

"I found myself in San s to the people. If it loses its 
cisco with a bit of a drug ns, the people are ripped-off 
nothing way out. I was ........ "'11 cheated. 
little crazy stuff with folks "From the beginning we have 
San Francisco art scene. always treated the Black Theater 

" it wasn't enough as an institution. It is an instru-
writings read in for Black Liberation." 
and published in s 
magazines, I wanted 
something . . 

"However, I wanted to 
play, but I was 
listened to plays be 
read all the plays I 
hold of. I even studied 
literature and that was ag 
He lau~hs . 

Get Off Mcleod 
Don McLeod's Mime and Music Show, a combina-

tion of music, mime, and screen projections, will be 
presented in the UCSD Gym at 8:30 p.m., Saturday, 
April 21 . Admission is $2.00 for the general public and 
$1 .00 for UCSD students. 

The group attacks the aud ience with an incredible 
stage show. Mcleod is the featured mime with Jake 
Welsh on piano and organ and Moog Synthesizer, Jack 
Butler on guitar and bass, and Jim Sullivan on drums. 
Although mime in its purest form requires absolute 
silence, McLeod feels, "anything you can do to mime 
to enhance it is valid and you can use it." 

Mcleod couples mime with the Moog SyntheSizer, 
smoke, organs, screen projections, guitars, vocals, 
beauty, drums, and, most of all, energy. The group has 
appeared in numerous concerts recently around 
Southern California . 

Saturday'S show is sponsored by the UCSD Campus 
Program Board. 

Pagni Presents 
Kris Kristofferson will appear in concert with Rita 

Coolidge at the San Diego Civic Theater tonight, and 
the show will begin at 8 p.m. Kristofferson, once 
considered square for listening to old Hank Williams 
records, is now frequently described as one of the most 
important artists on the contemporary scene. His 
affiliation with Monument Records in Nashville has led 
to acclaim both as a singer and song writer, his hits 
including " Me and Bobby McGee", "Sunday Mornin' 
Comin' Down", and "Help Me Make It Through the 
Night. " 

Rita Coolidge, Kris ' companion on the tour, has just 
recently gone out on her own, but she is a highly 
experienced performer, working with Delaney and 
Bonnie, Dave Mason, Eric Clapton, Marc Benno, and 
Joe Cocker. Tickets are $4.50, $5.00 and $6.00 and are 
available at all Highlander ticket agencies and the Civic 
Theater Box Office. 

Coming to San Diego on April 28 at the SpOTlS Arena 
is Ted and Pat Derby's Animal Kingdom, a two-hour 
show featuring performances with a black leopard, a 
trained wolf pack , elephants, chimpanzees, and a bear. 
Th Derby's profess to be wild animal lovers dedicated 
to the preservation of all animal life, with a true 
understanding of each member of their family . 
" Interacting with them on their own level is the reason 
we have been able to find the personal and 
profeSsional satisfaction of working with all our 
animals." Tickets are $2.75, $3.75, and $4.75. 

Go · 
Quoff 

Then he decides to tell the 
audience more about the per-
sona l life of Ed Bullins. Bullins 
says he became interested in 
travel. 

"Traveled and was deeply co n-
cerned about survival, in other 
words, what I was living," Bulli ns 
sa id . 

During the time Bullins was 
traveling, he wrote another 
choice piece of prose, and this 

Bullins did complete 
play, subsequently, t 
"How Do You Do - A 
Drama" was published 
Black Fire - An An 
AfrO-American Writing 
Leroi Jones (lmumu Barakal 
Lar ry Neal. 

Bullins also meets Huey 
ton and Bobby Seale 
founders of the Black 
Part y in Oakland, Ca 

---sW Mcleod ::~T 
. A 

cpb 
presents 

ZfNDIK! 
UElectric Renaissance Music" 

FRIDAY - APRIL 27, 1973 
8:30 P.M. REVElLE CAFETERIA 

Saturday, April 21 
UCSD Gym 8:30 P.M. 

UCSD Students - $1.00 

FRIEND 

Sack by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

" A BEAUTIFUL AND ENGROSSJNG FILM." Admission is FREE 
TICKETS ON SALE: 

General - $2.00 
Tickets available at the door & at 
The Urey Urey Hall Box Office 
from 12-4 today. 

- '",d·fItC"11 N_"IIt~o\I.u" .. tr 
, / .... 1 , 

~ . GJ).GJI.~ce's 
1111 VIRGIN @ 
AND 'DIE GYPSY ~O ~:45 TlI£ lIST Of Til .ew 'l1li( 

F£STNAl Of WOIIIU$ f 
7456 La Jolla Blvd. 459-4341 ::::::::::::::::::::~~""""""""""--1~~~~'~~~ ~""" 

UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 
Tues. - Thurs. 2-5 Friday - 2-4 

Closed Monday 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, April 20, 1973" 

Campus Music 
Electronic and tape music from all over will be presented by the UCSD Music 

Department o~ ~uesday, April 24 at 8 p.m. in Music Callery 408, Matthews Campus. 
The c~>n~ert .w'll inciude a new work by composer Joel Chadabe designed expressly 
for distribution on Edward Kobirin's HYBRID" 16 channel computer controlled 
sou~d system. Also to be included are works by George Balch Wilson, leslie Bassett, 
DaVid Bates, Peter Kalusmeyer, David Koblitz - all of the University of Michigan, 
An~ .Arbor; " Repercussions" by Princeton composer Richard Meckstroth; com-
pOSItions by Lars-Gunnar Rodin and Sten Hansson of St ockholm Sweden and Peter 
Doell and William Novak of Albany, NY. ' 

The "Sound Sampler" lasts approximately two hours, and represents a wide range 
of styles cu rrently employed in the· electronic medium is free and ope n to the 
public. ' 

The U CSD Collection 
UCSD will put its newly acquired collection of paintings by 19th and 20th century 

European masters on display for the first time Tuesday, April 24, in a majo r three-
week campus show. 

The exh!bition, to include nearly 50 pa intings by such artists as Matisse, Monet, 
Momot, Plssaro, Reno ir, Rouault, and Bonnard, will be held in the temporary UCSD 
Art Gallery located on the first floor (Room 1260) of the Human ities-Libra ry Building 
on the Revelle College campus. 

Th~ public opening on the 24th is scheduled from 7 to 9 p.m. Following the 
opening, gallery hours through May 16th will be 12 noon to 5 p.m. daily plus 8 to 10 
p.m. Wednesday evenings. 

The art. collection, presented by an anonymous donor, consists basically of what is 
hoped Will become a major teaching and educasional collection of early modern art 
to be h.oused at UCSD. Future plans call for the paint ings to again be on ex hibition at 
UCSD In the Mandeville Center for the Arts upon its completion in 1974. It is hoped 
the collection will eventually be housed in a permanent museum/ gallery located on 
the UCSD campus. 

~c~ording to David Antin, chairman of the UCSD Department of Visual Arts, the 
paintings are of great significance for the San Diego area, more than doubling the 
public holdings in a crucially important area of modern art that is not well 
represented south of Los Angeles. 
~ 

u C S 0 THEATRE PRESENTS ... 

THE 
i:: RIMERS l 

OF ELDRITCH 
::: by Lanford Wilson II 

The play, directed by Arthur Wagner, is set in a small 
Mid-Western town and tells a mysterious tale of 
murder, injustice, and intolerance. 

***** 

OPENSMAY4 

Performances: 
May 4, 5, 6 and 10, 11, 12 

8:00 p.m. in UCSD Theatre 
203 Matthews Campus 

General $2 .~;0 
Tickets now on sa le at the Urey Hall Bo~ offi~£ J!1d 
the Drama Office (203 Matthews). You are urged to ~~~ 

... 

:

1 ... :1 ... :1 buy your tickets early since many of you have been ~~~ 
disappointed by Sold Out notices for our previous ~~~ 
~l\ productions. jjj 
::::.:.:.:.: .. : .. :.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.$:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~~:.;~:~:.:.:.:.:::: •. ::: .•. :~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~:.:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;:: 

Students $1.25 

Pag 7 Friday, April 20, 1973 Triton Times 



Superconductors Beat 
High Cost of Power 
Underground Lines Conduct 
Electricity with Zero Loss 
By Laurence Winn 

Science Editor 
Resista nce less energy 

transmission used to be a 
cute laboratory trick. But 
with the blooming of a 
national energy crisis, even 
ca h-conscious, practical-
minded Washington 
habitues are pricking up 
their ears. One of them, , 
Congressman Lionel Van 
Deerlin (D-Calif.) visits 
UCSD next week to discuss 

- e nergy crisis-related 
research with Dr. Bernd T. 
Matthias, Director of the 
In st itute for Pure and 
Applied Sciences (lPAPS). 

Dr. Matthias is one of the 
world ' s foremo st in-
vestigators of supercon-
ductor s, crystaline 
material which conduct 
elec tri cj ty wi t hout 
resistance at temperatures 
nea r absolute zero. (Ab-
solu te zero is that 
theoretica l temperature, -
273.2 degrees C or -459.7 
degrees F, at whi c h 
molecular activity stops.) 

According to Dr. 

million dollars to build. 
The maintenance costs are 
roughly equivalent . 

One of the factors con-
tributing to the high cost of 
electricity is the rising price 
of larvi. Dr. Matthias es-
timates that 10 to 20 million 
acres of high-priced real 
estate will be straddled by 
transmission towers by 
1980. The two-yard-wide 
swath cut by underground 
superconducting cables 
would occupy only a tiny 
fraction of that acreage. 

The ultimate solution to 
electrical energy conserva-
tion would, of course, be a 
superconductor capable of 
operating at room 
temperature. Is such a 
superconductor possible? 
" That depends who you 
ask," Dr. Matthias replies. 
" If you ask me, I will tell 
you the probability is niL" 

Right now, the highest 
temperature at which 
super-conduction occu rs is 
21 degrees Kelvin (above 
absolute zero) in niobium -
aluminum-germanium, a 
uperconductor Dr . 

Matthias discovered. (He 
has discovered about 90 
per cent of the more than 
1,000 known superconduc-
tors.) That temperature, 21 
degrees K, is called the 
transition temperature for 
the superconductor. Tran-
sition temperatures vary 
between 21 degrees K for 
niobium-aluminum-
germanium to 12 
millidegrees K for 
tungsten. 

numbers for other 
elements, and dividp.s by 
the total number of atoms. 
If th average number of 
electrons per atom is 
between four and five, Dr. 
Matthias considers the 
combination of a candidate 
for high temperature 
superconductivity. The 
number for niobium-
aluminum-germanium is 
4.5. The ideaf, says Dr. 
Matthias, is 4.6, and he 
continues to look for com-
binations of elements, 
based on the number of 
electrons per atom, that 
will give higher transition 
temperatures. 

How much higher? 
Given two million dollars 
in federal funding annual-
ly, Dr. Matthias says his 
group has a fifty-fifty 
chance of attaining a tran-
sition temperature of 25 
degrees K within five years. 

STAR TREK 
STARSHIP ENTERPRISE 

Enterprise: Starship Saga 
Th e Making of Star Trek 

•••• 
Stephen E. Whitfield and 
Gene Roddenberry 

• ••• 

Ballantine Books 
On its cover The Making 

of Star Trek is billed as "the 
book on how to write for 
TV", but it is equally the 
book on how to stimulate 
scientif ic imagination . 

Gene Roddenberry, 
creator of what was even-
tually to become NBC's 
Star Trek series, opens his 
series outline with the 
verifiable premise that, of 
all the stars in our universe, 
"if only one in a billion is a 
su n with planets ... and if 
only one in a billion of all 
these planets is of Earth 
size and composition ... the 
universe would still contain 

U.NAY'I' •• IIICI ... 'T C"'IIIII(III (\/,,, • • , (N'fIU-IIIISE. C GlUT) 

approximately 2,800,000,-
000,000,000,000,000,000,-
000,000 planets capable of 
supporting oxygen-carbon 
life ." 

And that is not just 
serious science fiction; it is 
serious science as well, the 
subject of a great deal of 
speculation involving the 
place of man in the 
physica l universe. 

It makes sense then, that 
as man develops the 
technology to do so he will 
venture into galactic space 
in ships like Star Trek's 
Enterprise. The actual 
design of such ships will 
depend upon the creative, 
as opposed to the in -
vestigative, aspect of 
scie nce. And that i s 
precisely the point at 
which science fiction is 
transmuted into science. 
Perhaps some future space 
technologist, seeking a 
means of hyperlight 
sta rship propulSion, will 
consult the archives of the 
Smithsonian Institute in 
Washington, D.C., and dis-
cover, of all things, Star 
Trek 's pilot film "The 
Cage ." And voil~, we will 
have space warp drive, or 
something like it. (As a 

Matthias, superconducting 
materials suitable for 
power transmission exist. 
They could cut present 
energy losses of 20 to 30 
per cent in conventional 
line s to zero in un-
derground superconduc-
ting lines jacketed with li-
quid hydrogen . Wire s 
made of a super-
co nducting material 
known as niobium-
aluminum-germanium 
cou ld, moreover, transmi t 
electrical power at a coast 
lower than that for conven -
tional cables. Considerably 
lower . A conventional 
cable of 1,000 meters (. 621 
miles) and 100 billion watts 
capacity requires a capital 
invest ment of about a 
billion dollars. But a super-
conducting cable of the 
same length and capacity 
would require only 178 

The method Dr. Marthias 
uses to select likely super-
conductor candidates, and 
he has obviously been 
successful at it, involves 
mathematics considerably 
less complex than income 
tax arithmetic. He simply 
counts up the number of 
electrons outside an atom's 
outermost stable 
grouping (called a shell), 
adds that number to similar 

Meteorite Through Roof 
. matter of fact, " The Cage" 

is the only TV pilot ever to 
find a place in the archives 
of the Smithsonian .) 

Current LASERs (light 
Amplification by 
Stimulated Emission of 
Radiation) resemble Star 
Trek 's phaser weapons, 
and LASERs are indeed 
being considered for use as 
weapons in space. 

SAN JUAN CAPISTRA-
NO - A meteorite which 
fell through a carport roof 
here March 15 has been 
turned over to the UCSD 
Chemistry Department for 
analysis . The meteorite 
may be the first freshly 
recovered in California. 

The space rock, 
weighing 50 grams, was Sea Project Joined 

Scripps Institution of Technical Cooperation . found resting on dthe car-
Oceanography of the Uni- The announcement port floor at a resi ence in 
versity of California an- co me s after the first Villas San Juan Mobile 
nounced March 23 that f h Home Park. The rock was meeting 0 t e loint Com- h 
proposals for joint par- mission, established under given to Dr. 10 n Minch of 
ticipation, between the the US-USSR Agreeement Saddleback Junior College. 
United States ... nd the on Cooperation in the Minch contacted Dr . 
Soviet Union, in ' h Deep Fields of Science and Robert Finkle, a post -
Sea DriliingProje :tJDSDP) ' Technology that was doctorate research fellow 
have been approved by the signed during President at U C 5 D , and f t h de 
U.S.-USSR joint Commis- Nixon's visit to Moscow last meteorite was trans erre 
sio n on Sci ntilk and M April 11 . ~::;:===::::::::::==:::::_a_y '-;--;:v:;~;,":r~=-t " Met eo ri tes are easi Iy 

I , -~ AC.TION recovered in the 
LOOKII'/b FbR ~ 
SOME t>..c::"ION P is the ~ ............ -c ~ COMMUNITY 4 
'" h Peace Corps ~ BLOOD BANK 
l{~ C:=> Jr and VISTA ~ 327 F. Street 

.lune Graduate - PAYS DONORS ~ 
Job Openings in for service ~ 

11111 RAI ARTS. 1110 
I.N(;1 I I Rr (, . S( II~NI: 

A 1) OTH loR MAJORS. 
pply April 23-27 

Muir 1 V LounJ:e 
9 lI .m.-J p.m. Mon.-Thur~. 

9 u.m.-~"on hid:. 

Page 8 Triton rimes 'Friday, April '20, 1973 

Tue.-Fr i. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:3085 :30 
Closed Sun . & Mon. 

233-8328 

Midwest," Dr. Finkle said, 
" When one turns up in a 
plowed field, you know 
right away it's not an or-
dinary rock. But in Califor-
nia, meteorites are ca-
mouflaged by the terrain." 

To determine whether 
the rock was, in fact, a 
meteorite, samples were 
taken by Dr. Devendra Lal 
of Scripps. The samples 
were chemically etched 
and inspected for minute 
tracks left by cosmic rays in 
de p space. 

Further tests were con-
ducted at Battelle 

Northwest Laboratories in 
Wa shington, where 
radiologists looked for 
traces of sodium 22, a 
radioactive isotope of 
sodium, and other 
residuals in order to con-
firm that the rock was a so-
called fall - a meteorite 
which has recently fallen. 
Old meteorites are 
referred to as finds. 

As is t ra ditional , the 
Capistrano rock was 
named after the post office 
n arest its impact site -
San juan Capistrano. 

Write s Gene 
Roddenberry, "My scien-

,tist acquiantan ces are pret-
ty certain th ey' ll have 
something like a phaser 
well before the 23rd cen-
tury (when Star Trek is set) . 
They estimate the sam e 
way we estimate - if man 
needs a device ... he' ll in-
vent it." 

"':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':-:':':':':':':':':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:,:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;: 

University Lutheran Church 
And Student Center 

Worship Services 
10 A.M . Sundays 

Feedback 
11 :15 

Easter Folk Mass 
April 22,10 A.M. 

Ken Clay, Guitarist 
and Living Circle 

453-0561 459-8855 
9595 La lalla Shores 

at North Torr y Pine 

Campus Pastor 
John G. Huber 

UCSD Stud nts & Staff Are W elcome 

UCSD Hosts 
Volleyball 
Nationals 

One of the biggest sports 
events to take place on the 
UCSD campus is rapidly 
approaching. The National 
Championships in NAIA 
Volleyba ll will be held in 
t he Gymnasium the 
weekend of May 4-5. 

The tournament is set up 
on an invitational basis and 
will feature the best small 
college talent in the nation. 
Top seeded will be the 
reig ning champs, Church 
College of Hawaii. This 
schoo l has dominated the 
NAIA the past few years, 
taking over the cha m-
pionship from UCSD two 
y ears ago and then 
repeating as kingpins last 
year. 

Geo r ge W i ll ia ms of 
Chicago, a perennial con-
tender, is likely to be se-
cond seeded. An indica-
tion of their ability was 
shown this year when San 
Diego State took a road trip 

back east and met George 
William s. State, currently 
rated as one of the top 
NCAA teams in the nation, 
just managed to get by the 
little school in Illinois, two 
games to one, with scores 
like 17-15 and 15-12. 

Also invited are the Iowa 
District champs Graceland 
College, Indiana Tech , lin-
field College of Oregon, 
and Earlham College of 
Richmond, Indiana. As an 
outside possib ility, for the 
f irst time in the history of 
the tourney the east coast 
may be represented. The 
possible representative 
would be West Point , 
although nothing is 
definite at this time. 

Tickets for the event will 
be sold beforehand and at 
the door. There will be 
special rates for students 
and package deals for 
those planning to attend 
both days. 

Crew Oils-Up 
Against Loyola 

What comes to mind when you hear the words, 
" Ballona Creek"? Yup, it's a drainage ditch filled with 
oil and some say a little water. Now don't get the wrong 
idea; it's not always brown with sludge , only after their 
monthly spi ll. Anyway, the Crew team was up at the 
creek to face Loyola in a rowing regatta. 

The events which had been agreed on prior to race 
time were light weight-4, frosh 4 and 8 and a junior 
Varsi ty-8. Well , things don 't always go according to 
plan, for one thing there were no other light weights 
there besides the Tritons and for another the Loyo la JV 
co ntained three varsity oarsmen. Besides that 
everything was fine . The lightweight-4 was lucky to lose 
by only a second against a struggling heavy Loyola boat. 
The 4 thrashed its way down the length of the 2000 
meter course in respectable time, due more to the oil 
than any Triton doing. 

There is potential in the shell but as of last week it 
lacks the cohesion of the big-name schools. The junior 
Varsity-8 lost by open water, that is a boat-length 
behi nd. Once again it was a matter of sloppy rowing. 
The freshmen continued their pleasant habit of eating 
up the competi tion in both the eight and four races. 

This week, April 21, the team travels to Ballona again, 
th is time for the " All -Ca l" with UC Berkeley, UCLA, UC 
Santa Barbara, UC Irvine and UCSD competing. The 
Tritons are looking forward to the rematch with UCLA 
after losing the lightweight and frosh four races by a 
second each .at the "Crew Classic." Remember the 
coming att raction, that highlight of the spring quarter, 
the San Diego Invitational, coming to Mission Bay on 
May 5. 

SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
56000 COUPLE 

(boy-girl) 

All EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
lECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

One Point Margin 

Thinclads Lose Heartbreaker 
Dave Robinson 

Pasadena College, Chapman College, and UCSD 
were very nearly equally matched in last Saturday'S 
track meet. UCSD started out the meet in its usual 
manner by winning the 440 yd relay (Rudy Myers, Eric 
Hendrick s, Greg Hauser, Tom Philp (44.2)). UCSD also 
won the next two events. Ed Avol took first place in the 
mile with a time of 4 :45 and Tom Philp won the 120 yd 
high hurdles with a time of 15.1 But over the remainder 
of the meet Pasadena and Chapman proceeded to even 
the score until the final point total was Pasadena 
College 40, UCSD S7Yl, and Chapman College 58Yl. 

The one point loss was very disappointing. Especially 
because of injuries and poor performances on the 
behalf of some members of the team. Tom Philp was 
spiked in the 440 yd relay, but managed to give his 
usually fine performance - first place in the 120 yd 
high hurdles, second place in both the 100 yd, 
and 220 yd (22.6) dashes and a leg of both relays. One 
other injured Triton was Steve Denny who could not 
restrain himself from throwing, in spite of a sprained 
left ankle. He did not set a new school record this time. 
He threw the discus 106'9" for fourth place behind Ian 
Roth (third place 112'4W'), UCSD's other discus man. 

T e UCSD track team continues to increase in size. 
Returning letterman Kirk Newell produced a 2:04.8 in 
the 880 yd run in h is first race of the season. In the same 
race, newcomer Dan Layton tied for second with a time 
of 2.04. One other newcomer was Page Smith, who 
placed first in the triple jump (42'7Yl") and fourth in 
the long jump (19'H""). All of UCSD's jumpers per-
formed well. In addition to Page Smith's aforemen-
tioned victory, AI Shamble won the long jump (20'10") 
and took second in the triple jump (42'6Vl"). Also, Bob 
Sturgeon tied for first in the high jump (6'2")'. 

This Saturday our intrepid thinclads journey up to 
Smog City, Southern California (that's Pasadena for the 
out-of-towners) to take on the Engineers of Cal Tech, 
starting at 1 :30 p.m . This should prove to be a suitable 

w. t.ke phone orde,. 
Phone 453-8455 

3943 Governor Drive 
UNIVERSITY CITY 

Governor. Gene •• e 

200/0 off for UCSD 
ShHMnt. with ID c.rds 

warmup for the upcoming Mt. San Antonio'Relays (one 
of th e largest invitationals in California), which will take 
place the following week. 

1M Tourneys Set 
All undergraduate bad-

minton freaks are eligib le 
for the All-Cal Day to be 
held at UCSB on May 12-
13. If you are interested in a 
free fun-filled weekend of 
sunshine and good times, 
come on over to the gym 
Tuesday night at 7:30. A 
double elimination tourna" 
ment will be held to pick a 
coed doubles team to 
represent us at Santa Bar-
bara. If you don't have a 
partner, come on over 
anyhow and we'll try to 
find you one. 

A ' coed sixes volleyball 

tournament is scheduled 
for April 29 to determine 
UCSD's volleyball 
representative at the AII-
Cal Intramural Weekend to 
be held at UCSB. Teams 
may consist of graduate or 
undergraduate students 
and must be three women 
and three men . No players 
are allowed who have had 
collegiate varsity ex-
perience. Rosters must be 
turned in by next 
Wednesday, April 25 (one 
week from today) in the 
Intramural Office. An y 
questions call X 2283. 

FREDERICKS 
SKI & HIKE 

has gone hiking 
Everything For Your 

Camping & Backpacking Needs 
Our Ski Sale Items 
(except sweaters) 
Can Be Held For 
Spring and/or 

Summer Layaways 

Rentals and Repairs 
Hours 

Mon.-Fri., 10-8, Sat., 10-5:30 
Sunday, 11-5 

7722 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

Film Series Are 
Selling Out! 

For your convenience, it is strongly 
recommended that you buy tickets 
for the Friday Flicks & Saturday Films 
in advance, as the showings are sei-
ling out at the door. 

Urey Hall Box Offke Hours: 
12-5 Tues.-Thurs. 

. 12-4 Friday ,."'" 
Closed Mondays ~ 

Page 9 Friday, April 20, 1973 Triton Times 



, . 

n ••• 
continued from pale 3 
acramento on March 2; 

the heads of t e three segments as well 
as concerned students spoke to the 
recommend ' tions of the Committee. At 
the conclusic,n of the hearings the Com-
mittee will prepare the final report, 
which will be presented to the 
legislature .for implementation. 

Candidates ••• 
continued from pilge 3 

and would like to see it succeed here at 
UCSD. 

n DAVID PIRKLE -
Revelle/freshman - I have attended the 
Cal-PIRG environmental committee 
meetings regularly . 

,10 ELLEN WILSON - Muir/ freshman 
- I coordinated the second food price 
survey. I am very interested in all aspects 
of consumer protection. 

s-••••••••••••..•........•••......... :! 
• d : : House of Natural Foo s : 

1
= Produce, Dairy, Poultry I · Supplements, Grains, Fruits 

Our Own Honey Date Cereal 
• 45¢ lb. I 

1
= Altade;;¢R;i2Wgh~~e Milk II 

Continental Yogurt (Plain) 
79¢ qt. 

I 

II ' ROS;~~PT~'~'$l~~ mg. 
We Have Our Own Stone Mill 

And Bakery 

I 7523 b Fay Avenue La Jolla 
4544515 

(acron from Safeway) 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, April 20, 1973 

In Your Ear 
continued from pale It 

From WBAI-Padfica New York, a discussion with 
Kathleen Cleaver upon her return to the United States 
after having spent three years in Algeria; Ms. Cleaver 
s peak about the changing emphasis of Black Pa~ther 
Party Politics and the Feminist Movement. Timely 
analysis - relevant even today. 
MondilY, 23 April 
6:45 p.m. News (15 minutes) 
9:00 p.m. "Women's Liberation and Black Civil Rights" 
(Pacifica) 

The Women's School ,1 with Catherine Simpson on 
" Women"s liberation and Black Civil Rights." This 
program contains questions and answer se~s~ons ~~th 
well-known feminist theorists (although their Identities 
are 'not obvious!. From September 19, 1972. 
T UesdilY, 24 April 
9:00 p.m. "Me Jane, You Tarzan" (Pacifica Program 
Service) 

This program centers around a discussion of v~rious 
anthropological theories concerning the evolution. of 
social roles of women throughout the centuries. 
Anthro-freaks - please take note. Interesting counter· 
theories. 
9:35 p.m. "Women in Vietnam" (Asia Information 
Group - Berkeley) 

Despite the current " de-escalation" of U.S. military 
involvement in Southeast Asia , this program, produced 
by women in the AIG collective, is relevant to all 
persons involved in the struggles for self-
determination. Program includes the songs of the 
Vietnamese women with dialogue and analysis. 
Wednesday, 25 April 
9:00 R.m. "The Pl ight of Women in Broadcasting" 
(Pacifica) 

Loi s Hansen, Ellen Dubrowin, and Deborah /anone 
of KPFA-Berkeley visited executives at nine represen-
tative San Francisco Bay Area radio and TV stations and 
asked them about the status of female employees 
there. The results are this program, indicative of the 
general trends nat ionwide. 
Thursday, 26 April 
9:00 p.m. "Individuality in the Women's Movement: 
An Evening With Anais Nin" (Pacifica) 

Very interesting and relevant discussion with writer 
Anais Nin and artist Judy Chicago on the diversity of 
roads open to women who want to liberate themselves. 
The discussion returns often to creativity, as both 
women's work leads ' them to be primarily cocerned 
with the problems of women expressing themselves. 
Produced by KPFK-Pacifica Los Angeles. 

Louis Falco and his dance company will appear in 
a three-pari concert next weekend at Cal State 
University, San Diego. 

Hawaiian Dance 
The "He Noa Lani, Co ." a registered student 

organization on campus, consisting of twenty students 
will bring their first recital of the year to the Inter-
national Center on Tuesday, May 1, at 8 p.m. 

The group will present chants, Hula's, various imple-
ment numbers (using gourds with bright colored 
feather tops, ipus's, syncopated bamboo sticks) and 
dances from Tahiti. Accompaniment will be live 
beatings of the congo drum and syncopated rhythm of 
the Tahitian tu-eti sticks. 

These dancers will wear attire similar to that of 
performers in Hawaii as well as fresh flower leis flown 
in from the islands. The dances are free and open to the 
public. 

Falco at UCSD 
The new-fashioned louis Falco Dance Company of 

New York will debut at California State University, San 
Diego, April 29-30, 

The six-member company presents a three-part 
concert Saturday at 8 p.m., on the Main ~tage, I?ramatic 
Arts Building. A repeat performance Will be given at 6 
p.m., Sunday. 

A decade ago Falco was just anoth.er youth on the 
lower East Side of New York who studied photography 
and was interested in sports and acting. 

"The thing I always thought I'd wind up doing ~as 
acting, the dancing was something I always loved domg 
but I didn't really consider it seriou.sly. I never thought 
of myself as an adult doing that," he said. . . 

Now, at 26, Louis Falco has become an innovative 
force in the arts and a performer whom Clive Barnes 
(NEW YORK TIMES) has called, " ... one of the most 
exciting male dancers in the world ':' 

In 1960, his senior year at the High S~~ool of the 
Performing Arts in Manhattan , Falco auditioned for a 
South American tour with Jose limon's company. 
When he learned that he had been chosen, Falco says, 
"I was shocked. I was going to South America, they 
were going to pay me, and I was going to dance." 

Soon he was a featured dancer with the company, 
and since then he has moved from dancer to 
choreographer to director of his own company, to 
synthesizer of the arts and sciences. Last year he ~?n a 
Guggenheim Fellowship, one of the most prestigious 
foundation grants in the arts. . 

Program selections for the local concerts Will be 
" Tub" " Duet" and " Soap Opera." Two of the dances 
were ~ritten u~der a grant from the National Endow-
ment for the Arts. 

The corps includes Jennifer Muller., Georgiana 
Holmes, Mary Jane Eisenberg, Matthew Diamond, Juan 
Antonio and Falco. 

As a choreographer and a dancer, Falco is trying to 
take away the decorations and get the dance to be 
naturalistic while still maintaining a high technical 
quality. He is seeking to make dance more imme?iate, 
like the spoken word, but isn't trying to set a partlcul~r 
dance style or techniqu.e: . " I'm j~st interested m 
creating dance for dancers, m creating theater, and I 
don' t feel that I want to put myself into an immediate 
mission. I'm mainly interested in just developing." 

Falco combines his technology with a personal 
warmth and a sincere desire to get his message across 
to people. He spends a third of each year on tour and 
particularly enjoys his extended visits to co llege cam-
pu ses and communities where he can serve as an artlst-
in-residence and exchange ideas. He likes a challenge, 
and he likes to affect people. He works hard on his art, 
but he says, "A reaction, a response, that's what makes 
it all worthwhile." 

Tickets, at $3 for general admission, $2 for Cal State 
fa cu lty staff, and alumni, and $1 for Cal State students, 
are on sale at the Aztec Center boxoffice, 286-6947. 

A series of dance workshops will be held Saturday, 
April 28, 9 a.m . to 5 p.m. in the Dance Studio, Women's 
Physical Education Building , , 

USE ... 
Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 

Effecllve now, until close of busi ness June 30. 
1973, your University & State Employees Credit 

Union will offer a new low f inanci ng charge of 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks, 

and used vehicles up to four years old . We believe 
th is new low rate combined with our loan pro· 

tection insurance, provided without extra charge, 
is the lowest auto financing package offered in 

the San Diego area . Down payments are as low as 
15% of the total purchase price, including tax 

and license, with terms to 36 months. Take 
advantage of this new low financing rate before 

it ends June 30. 1973 . 

01J~[§ 
• -UNIVEASITY I STATE EMPLOYEES 

CAEDIT UNION OF SAN DIEGO 

Shim kin Elected President 
Dr. Michael Shimkin, i>rofessor of Community Medicine and Oncology (the Study of 

Ca ncer) at the UCSD School of Medicine was elected President of the prestigious 
America n Association for Cancer Research . Dr. Shimkin was elected and installed at the 
Associat ion's annual meeting in Atlantic City, Tuesday, April 12. 

Training Program ... continued from page 1 
funding the remaining registration and transcript fees. However, students wishing 
credit for the course must pay a $5 fee. 

The 2000 member assemblage of professional cancer scientists is frequently called 
upon b~ the federal government to testify about current developments in ca ncer 
research and budget. 

The goal of the course is to provide staff w ith the skills and confidence to better 
manage their current responsibilities and to prepare them to obtain greater respon-
sibility, transfer and promotion. It will emphasize developing positive attitudes about 
oneself, making informed career decisions, expanding and exploiting lines of com-
munication, and learn ing about the organization in which one works. . 

Dr. Shimkin has been actively involved in cancer research for many years and since 
1969 as a faculty member of UC San Diego medical school. In December 1972, he was 
appointed to the newly fo.rmed Cancer Control Adviso~y Committee o~ the National 
Cancer I nstitute. The prevIous May, he was general chairman o} an adVisory group to 
develop plans for an International Cancer Research Data Bank . He also serves as local 
Coordinator of California Regional Medical Programs. 

The program coordinator, Dr. Mary lindenstein Wa lshok, a sociologist, outlined the 
cou rse on the basis of what has been done on other campuses and her feelings as a 
woman. The speakers come from a variety of backgrounds and were chosen by 
recommendation . 

International Nursing Issues 
One hundred twenty eight full time staff personnel are currently enrolled, and there 

was an overflow of 150 applicants desiring enrollment. Out of the 126 enrolled, 40 are 
taking the class for credit. They will be requi red to complete a take home final at the 
end of the quarter. 

The Unive rsi ty of California, San Francisco, will host a 
meeting of international nursing scholars, Tues. and 
Wed., May 22 and 23. 

The participants of the conference will examine key 
issues that confront health practice in various parts of 
the world . the symposium will endeavor to identify 
major issues in nursing pract ice problems. Attending 
the conference are nurses from Africa, Asia, Europe 
and latin America. 

Progra m director, AIaf Ibrah im Meleis, Ph .D. Assis-
tant Dean, Academic Planning, School of Nursing, 
UCSF, wi ll welcome participants Tuesday, May 22, 9:30 
a.m. in the Terra ce Room, Fairmont Hotel. Marjorie S. 
Dunlap, Ed .D., Dean, School of Nursing, UCSF will start 
the day's proceedings with a paper, "The School of 
Nursing as a Participant in International Health." 

Topics for discussion include, "Nursing Along the 
Rivers and Roads ir1 the Amazon Area" by Ms. Maria 

Em pire's New Clothes 
continued from page 5 
pilotless planes than civilian employees of the com-
panies which built them? 

To coordinate the work of American war companies 
in Vietnam, the Pentagon is converting its Army 
Procurement Agency into a civilian operation . 
However, the New York Times reports that control over 
the civilian agency still seems to rest with the Pentagon . 
A U.S. government official h as revea led that the 
Department of Defense is plann ing to send 1300 
Pentagon civilia ns to Saigon to oversee its contracts and 
to supervise any new arrangements on reconstructio n. 
(O ne might wonder why Defense personnel are 
chosen to supervise the reco nstruction of Vietnam.) 

Whi le the Pentagon cont racts part of its war effort to 
America n corporations, the U.S. is also civilianizing the 
pacification program, or CORDS (Civil Operations and 
Rural Development Support). Presently under U.S. 
military command, CORDS is a multi -billion doll ar 
operation wh ich directs a variety of programs from 
refugee management to support for Saigon's rural 
militia and advice to the South Vietnamese Army 
(A RVN). American mili tary men make up most of the 
CORDS staff and even civilians in CORDS are 
predom inantly retired military personnel. The State 
Department has recently recommended that the U.S. 
Agency for International Deve lopment (AID) take over 
CORDS in order to establish civilian control. Evident ly, 
the U.S. is preparing to continue the pacification 
program even after military withdrawal. 

The military nature of pacification is apparent from 
the fact that between 1968 and 1970, 80 per ce nt of the 
$4 billion CORDS budget was devoted to "territorial 
secu rity or related military programs." Most of these 
funds went to advisors for ARVN, to the Regional 
F(l rces and Popular Forces, and to the Phoenix 
program, d esigned to "neutralize the Viet Cong In-
frastructure." Under CIA guidance and official CORDS 
supervision, Operation Phoenix assassinated 40,000 
South Vietnamese citizens betWeen 1966 and 1971 
according to Saigon government documen ts . As part of 
the program, thousa nds more w ere arrested on suspi-
cion of advocat ing peace, opposing the government or 
other "pro-Communist neu tralis t activities." In a post-
truce period, AID cou ld provide civilian cover for 
carrying on Ameri can direction of Phoenix. 

It appears that AID is quick ly becoming the focal 
poin t of official U.S. government efforts to civilianize 
its role in Vietna m. The agency is already respon sib le 
for traini ng, equipping and adviSing another instru-
ment of Thieu's control, his National Pol ice. According 
to a 1972 AID Presentation to Congress, " the Viet-

;g 111111111111111 111111111111111111111111111 m 1II111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111~ 

I 1. ;I~n Shanghai I 
~ Mandarin & Shanghai ~ 
§ ~ j[ Style ~ 
§ 11,{ Chinese Restaurant § _~ __ -== ~- ~ ';t 10% off dinner §_---=§ IJ1 . ., . menu with srudenrl. D. 

lasthenia M. de Chiari , Brazil; "Some Trends in 
Professional Nursing in Africa , South of the Sahara", by 
Ms. Docia Kisseih, Ghana; "Issues in Nursing Education 
in Europe", by Ms. Cathleen A.M. Verbeek, Holland; 
and " Trends and Issues in Nursing Practice", by Ms. 
Pual Rosina Binte Haji Abdul Karim, Malaysia. 

The conference is being presented by the Inter-
national Health Committee, School of Nursing, UCSF, 
in collaboration with Continuing Education, School of 
Nursing. 

Registration will begin at 8:30 a.m. Tue: iay, May 22 
in the Terrace Room, Fairmont Hotel. The fee is $25 
general, $14 student, and $7 UCSF student. Pre-
registration deadline is May 17. Interested persons can 
contact Maura C. Carroll, R.N ., M.A., Chairman, Con-
tinuing Education in Nursing, School of Nursing N-
631X, University of California, San Francis~o, 94122. 

namese National Police share with the Vietnamese 
armed forces the burden of countering insu rgency." 

As of January 27, AID's Office of Public Safety has 
over 100 advisers in Vietnam to assist the police in 
Phoenix operations, battling small gueri lla units, main-
taining Thieu's prisons and suppressing dissent to the 
Saigon regime. AID's funding obligation to the Public 
Safety program in South Vietnam is currently projected 
through mid-1976, though the ceasefire agreement 
specifically prohibits all U.S. police advisers after March 
1973. And AID official in Washington has said that the 

. Offi ce of Public Safety will withdraw its advisers within 
60 days. Nonetheless, the U.S. could continue to assist 
the National Police in a number of ways. According to a 
December 18 bulletin of the lew ish TelegraphiC Agen-
cy in New York. 

South Vietnam expects to get Israeli tactical 
assistance in training and advisory capaci ty to 
match th e needs of Saigon with the withdrawal of 
American units. 

The dispatch reports th at the idea of Israeli assistance 
was "coordinated with" the U.S. and that U.S. officials 
" favored it." Second, AID prese nt ly uses some priva te 
company employees in the Public Safety program and 
it is unclear wh eth er these Americans will have to 
leave. If not, an increased corps of corporation contract 
employees co uld assist Thieu's police. Third, the 
American advisers to Saigon 's prison system ale not 
tec hn ica lly police advisers since prisons are ad-
ministered by the Ministry of the Interior, so they may 
not be covered under the agreement. Finally, many of 
the present Public Safety advise rs to Phoenix are CIA 
p ersonnel. CIA operatives can be expected to remain 
in Vietnam under new covers, possibly as th e 
"economic advisers and civilian technicians" whom 
Kissinger says the U.S. may retain after m}litary 
withdrawa l. 

Even with a ceasefire, U.S. bombing will resume 
whenever it appears that Th ieu is losi ng ground. Nixon 
has made clear that he won't hesita te to " reapply air 
and sea power in Indochina", using alleged North 
Vietnamese ceasefi re violations as a pretext. As long as 
it remains committed to a client-state in the South, the 
U.S. will be fightin g a war in Vietnam.- The only sure 
way to terminate the war is to terminate Ameri ca's 
commitment to Saigon. Cutting off all funds to Thieu 's 
military and government is a crucial step in this 
direction. Ultimately, to end all American intervent ion, 
we must cha nge Americ's goa ls in Indochina and not 
just its clothes. . . . 

Dennis Aft rgul is it member of NARMIC (Nallonal ActIOn 
Re earch on the Military Industrial Complex), and DIana 
Roose is an independent re earcher. BOlh work In 
Philadelphia. Sources (or this article are availab le from 
NARMIC on Teqlle~1 al NARMIC, 160 N. 15th 51., Phila., Pa . 
19102. 

REGAL 
NOTES 

UNDERSTAND PLAYS, NOVELS AND POEMS 
FASTER WITH OUR NOTES 

We're new and we're the biggest! Thousands of tOP'CS 
reviewed for quicker understanding Our subJccts nclude not 
only English but Anthropology. Art , Black Stud'es. Ecology, 
EconomIcs, ' EducatIon. Hisfory, Law, MUSIC. PhIlosophy • 
Polillcal SCIence, SOCiology and Urban Problems Send $2 for I ~ ~~ ~ 1 s~~l~~~E~;~R I 

i It ~ ~~ ..f, 1017 prospect I 3t~g~t~t~~~~~W. 
;; 'lAo.vaa. ~ 1t. LA JOLLA:: Washington. D,C, 20007 

your catalog of topics ava ilable. 

§ .vJl,.,J)1: ~ fo- 454-5806 I Telephone: 202333-0201 ~llllm_IIII1I11""IIII11I1II1HllllllllllmIIIlUlIIIIIIIIIIIIII"IIII"lIIlInl"nlllllll~ '-________________ ....., ..... ~ 

PACIFIC COAST ItWy AT " 0 " 
ENCI NITAS · 753.3955 

THE ULTIMATE 
TRIP Newsweek 
UNBELIEVABLE 
EXPERIENCE Unton 

HELD OVERI 
Pacific Vibration 

7:30 - 10:40 
The Magic Christian 

9:10 Only 
Ends Sunday 

Starts Monday 

FEDERICO 

VOYAGE TO THE 
OUTER PLANETS 

LLINI 
GARDEN ISLE 

Reuben H Fleet Space 
Theater and Sc,ence Center 
Balboa Par~. by the FountaIn YOU CAN 'T CHEAT 
238-1233 AN HONEST MAN' 
Show Times Monday·Fnday 
230400730900 Saturday ~ 9:10 ~ 
1 0 30 I 2 00 1 30 3 00 4 30 
730900 Sunday 1230200 1'_ ~~_ 
3 30 5 00 7 30 9 00 fIJI. . r«w1ItII. ~=~::: 

~i 
sueki! 

THE DEVIL BAT' 
"The Devil Bat" he plays Or. 

Paul Carruthen- the beloved phy· 
sician- but behind the secret panels. 
in the cellar and attic of his man· 
sion, he perfonns weird and terrify-
ing experiments on his " little 
beauties"-the devil bats. 
--------AND-------
THE CORPSE VANISHES' 
"The Corpse Vanishc " is an even 
stranger tale. Here Lugosi is Or. 
Lorenz who keeps his 0 year old 
wife in a state of perpetual youth 
by shooting her up wi!h blood 
drained from beaullfu l bn 

\l~ THE DRAWING FnF~ A 

WATERB 
MIDDLEARTH CANDLES! 

• &APAIItOF JfAUl WE'+ Tou. 
PAtoITSFItOM nlu II C"oo'" 

Hut A VI" A 

ACADEMY 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Pag 11 Friday, April 20, 1973 Triton Times 



........................ announcements .................................... . 
. frld.y 

A graduate stude" t of 
Scr i pps Institutio, of 
Oceanography will show his 
slides of CHILE on F 'iday, 
April 20th 8 p .m. at the Inter-
national Center/Mall 1ews 
Campus. (4/20) 

•• turd.y 
live Entertainment Sat. 8 :30. 
The Molly Sterne group 1 st at 
the talent show at the Coffee 
Hut. (4/20) . 
Come Celebrate Israeli 
Independence Day, Sal. 
April 21, 7:30 p.m. Interna-
tional center, Matthews Cam-
pus. Featuring top Israeli 
folk-singing duo "The Parva-
rim." Also Israeli dancing 
and Passover foods. Admis-
sion Free . A ll Welcome. 
(4/20) 

sunday 
In Your Ear, KDST, special 
this Sunday : For Easter 
morn. we play Bach 's b 
minor Mass. AM 550. (4/20) 
Mandrake ' s 4th Annual 
Easter Beer Hunt - Sunday. 
Members pay their fees! Call 
755-6986. (4/20) 

monday 
Soaring club ground school : 
The topic will be how an 
airplane flies and turns. Mon-
day, 4123 in 2C-111 0 at 7:30 
p .m. All are welcome. (4/20) 
Mon, Apr. 23 - "Freedom 
and Human SOCiety", Part II : 
The Heritage of the Farmers 
and Its Contemporary Rele-
vance. 3 p.m . Revelle Formal 
Lounge, Mon, Apr. 30 -
" Freedom and Human So-
ciety", Part III : Where Marx-
ism Went Astray. 3 p.m . HL 
Aud . (4/27) 

On Monday, April 23rd at 
3:30 p.m. in the Sumner Hall, 
the Scripps Departmental 
Seminar will be given by Mr. 
C. Jasper Carlton, Econo-
mics Department Manager of 
the Chevron Oil F ield 
Research Company. He Will 
speak on "The Energy Situ-
ation in the U. S. and the 
World." (4/17) 

services 
00 you know of a pany or do you wanl 
to know of something haopeolng?? If 
you do. then you want the UCSD Pany 
Communications Board In Blake 325 
f4124) 

SRI GURU GANDHI MACWONG 
Russian ranslallon, typing, ecH.ng 
453-5346 (4124) 

BMWSAAB 
CONTINENTAL MOTORS 

601 So HIli 
Oceanside 722-8114 
We service all makes 
of foreign cars rEF) 

ARTISTS-CRAFTS PEt Pl, S 0 's 
most creative star WIll ell your high 
quality unique IIPms fl r you Bnng 
samples of your work ) HE BELL 
JAR 4053 Unlv Ave. Tle~·Sat noon· 
7 pm (282-6743) f412· ) 
Learn or prscltce Fren "l With MII't'e 
spealo'er IndiVidual les en or smell 
groups 453 3318 (412) 

personAl. 
M J R HAPPY 22M Bf RTHDAY' 
TAB (4124) 

CHEESE. ARE YOU I ReE FOR A 
POSE ON FRIDAY? MEET YOU 
BY THE TREES' (4124) 

lost and found 
LOSI aran e wal'et on Revell Campus 
P'ea' c~1I Mary ,f found 453 2 42 
RPcward (4124 ) 
LOotl • whltf! cal? Conlact Mona 
Mod'lno at 453-2000 ex 1226 (4120) 

High Performance Sound 
8ring the concert home to you with this high performance 

stereo system. We've carefully matched th is system, with four 
great names combined to bring you the best music~1 perfor· 
mance possible at this price. Come In and hear this quailly 
stereo system and bring your most demanding records to play. 

The Harman·Kardon 630 is a twin·powered AM·FM stereo 
receiver. Twin·power means a separate power supply and 
power transformer for each channel. This design feature 
enables Harman·Kardon to guaranty that the 630 will deliver 30 
watts, RMS, per channel, bolh channels operating inlo 8 ohms 
wilh less than .5% distortion. INTERAUOIO 3000 speakers 
reproduce music with dramatic accuracy. Every INTERAUDIO 
speaker passes rigorous testing by the SYNCOM computer, the 
best speaker qualily conlrol system known today. The Dual 
1215·S automalic turnlable Is engineered with preCision to give 
longer life to your records. The Shure M44·E magnelic cartridge 
with diamond stylus adds the finishing touch. The combined 
result Is sensational sound. 

These components purchased 
Seperately Cost . . . _ . . . . $722.85 

.. $615 harman /kardon Our Special System Price .. .. ,. . ... 
(Walnut Case for Receiver Optional) III 

ACTION (Peace Corps and 
Vista) will be on campus 
Mon. Apr_ 23 through Fri 
Apr. 27, in the MUIr Apts. 
T .V. Lounge. The Peace 
Corps is primarily interested 
in students with a BA (or 
more) in Life and Physical 
Sciences, Business, Home 
Ec., Agricultural Sciences, 
Education , Civil Eng., Math, 
and Economics. Vista is pri -
marily interested in Econo-
mics and the Social Scien-
ces. Drop in any time dunng 
the day to talk, ask questions, 
pick up literature and appli-
cation forms. (4/24) 

general 
He Noa Lani Dance, Co. stu-
dent organization meets ev-
ery Wednesday for class at 
the Gym, No. Balcony 7:30/9 
p.m. Everyone invited/stu-
dents, stafflfaculty (4/24) 
All students interested in 
finding an alternative meet-
ing place for the table tennis 
club come to meeting on the 

Lost-41? on softball field Dog chain 
with license and 10 tag Name on tag IS 
Captain 755·7830 (4120) 
Lost Silver Glfls 10 Bracelet on 
4110173 Senllmental Value Deborah 
Roy. 453·8313 (4120) 

Lost Agricola & Germanla of TaCitus c 
Cen Lib 4/5, call Bnan 270-0768 
(4120) 

Sel~o ca' walch wlscratch on crystal 
lost Gaialhea loung Mark Rm 108 
Galathea 453·8308 (4120 ) 

Found- GUitar Idenllfy ma~e. contents 
and lime or place lost 272-1 890 
f4120) 

LOSI complex variables by LeVinson 
and Redhelfer George. 453· 8861 
(4120) 

housing 
NEEDED Two people to share one 

r~~'" "' ? Ar _ . Cal l 755·8964 
(4124) 
Olver ,light knit mlcrocommurHty has 
one duple. and one bedroom ava,lab'e 
for sI'ghtly crazy people Sorry no 
pets Rednecks need nol apply Call 
Ru II, 453 2000 e.1 t 117 (4120) 

Share 2 bd duplex now uotll end of 
quarter Nice lenCed back yard Claire· 
monf .raa $8750 (276·4818) (4124) 

Wanted 3 or 4 bdr house wanted to 
rent In Nonh County for renlal begin 
Jun or July - call Su or Pat 755 ~ 
8946 (4124) 

F grad Student wants to ahare 2 bdrm 
apt w f g,rl SI8 June In LJ, PB, Of OM 
Can pay up to $loolmo Pr fer non· 

mo~er Call X2184 or 272 451 3 for 
Joyce (4120) 

breier sound center 
3789 Park Blvd. - 296-0173 

Open Daily 9-5:30, Mon. & Fri. 9-9 

west balcony of the gym. 
Thurs., Apr. 26 at 8 p.m. 
Please come. (4/24) 
SEMINAR : CAREER 
EMPLOYMENT WITH THE 
UNIVERSJJY. Representa-
tives of the UCSD Personnel 
Department together with a 
few of the UCSD alumni 
currently employed by the 
University will discuss the 
kinds of entry-level jobs most 
usually available to college 
graduates, ways to obtain 
these jobs, and what it's like 
to be a full-fledged career 
employee of the University. 
Tuesday, April 24, 1973, at 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Commons 
Informal Lounge (4/24) 
Dr. Gerry O'Neill , our Phy-
sics Colloquium speaker for 
Wed . Apr. 25 (4 p.m. 2622 
USB) has advised us that his 
topic "The Colonization of 
Space" would be of interest 
to undergraduates . Dr . 
O'Neill is from Princeton Uni-
versity, currently visiting 
Stanford . (4/24) 

StudiO In LJ . S80/mo call Bob X2568 
(4 /24) 

wanted 
DRAMA DEPT: needs C&W albums 10 
record . Gentry. Denver. Cash . and any 
o her NashVille sounds Call the theater 
and leava a ph . number We need your 
helpl (4124 ) 

WANTED Cheap used surfboard for 
beginner Don 583·0762 (4124) 

WANTED Psych 133 "PhYSiological 
BaSIS 01 Memory" Call 722·3635 
(4124) 

Earth Festival. need ride UC DaVIS 
April 27· 29 I pay gas Message 10 
Mimi 453·4006 (4124) 

Wanted Free Scrap Metal Will Pick 
Up Dave or Loren. 453-9368 (4120) 
Wanted Info on reasonable Ig 1 
bdrm or 2 bdrm dwelling that Wilt be 
available to rent sometime In the 
monlhs of May·July Please call Cla/fe. 
453-8233 

Ride wanted to NYC or share drlv • 
away WI h me LeaVing Apr 25 
Melvyn 755- 1258 Lotsoffun! (41241 

POETRY WANTEO 
lor Poetry Anthology Plea e send 
poetry Wllh stamped return envelope 
to Conlemporary Literature Pre • 311 
Calilornia Street. SUle 412. Son Fron· 
CISCO Calilornla 94104 (41?4) 

travel 
Unlquo tra" I elt'p,.ftf'mces In remot 
part of the world Writ for brae"ure 
SO, Th xploror "A- ltd. Box I 6. 
Watf!rtown . Ma~s 02172 (4/20) 

T. George Harris, Editor in 
Chief, Psychology Today, 
will speak to the Society and 
Human Values Class 
Tuesday, Apr. 24 from 2 until 
3:30 p.m. In 2A 2113-Muir. 
He will focus on the height-
ened pressure for conscious 
choice in a talk entitled "The 
Era of Conscious Action." 
Open to visiting students. 
(4/24) 
The Health Profeliion. 
Seminar. will not be given 
aglln - they were given 
once, only on April 18. 
(4/20) 

Senor Octavio Paz, well · 
known Mexican poet and es-
sayist, will be at UCSD .tlS a 
Regents' Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 
time he will deliver a series of 
four lectures in Spanish on 
the poetry of Spanish Amer-
ica and will give a public 
reading of his poetry with 
subsequent translations into 
English . Thursday, Apr il 
26th, Second Lecture -

EUROPE, ISRAEL a JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FLIGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROUND. SKI & CAMPING TOURS 
A.I.S.T., 1436 S. LA CIENEGA BLVD , 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90035 (213) 652· 
2727 (611) 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRfCA 
Student llights. Camping tours. Inter· 
European student chane, flights ",. 
cludlng Middle East and Far East. 
Contact ISCA. 1 f687 San Vincente 
Blvd No 4. L.A. Cahf. 90049 Tel.: 
(213) 826·5669, 826-0955 (618) 

CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club leesl 50 Depanures. also NYC. 
Japan & Auslralia. Youth Fares. 100. 
Since 1959: ISTC, 323 N. Beverly Dr .. 
Beverly HillS. Ca 90210, (213) 275· 
8180 (5129) 

for sale 
SURF'S UPI- O'NEILL wei aUlt Med 
Long John & Sleeves Only used 5X 
$35 John 270-3071 (4/24) 

Pure-bred Australian Shepard puppies 
For Sale 10 good homes Pap r 
Iralned. 8 weeks old Sun 22 Call 459· 
6568 (4124) 

INEXPENSIVE STEREOt Realtone 
AMIFM Mulflplex recelver·amplih r 30 
wans $60 Argo 626 or 4530961 
(4/24) 

VW van, '66. rebulli eng • trans . ht fOf 
c mplng. exc cond $800 ChriS, 755 
3 32 (4/24) 

Compl91e set 01 dishes. S1lve""are. 
po and pan , almost ne .. and very 
dur ble 5501488· 129 (4/24) 

3 : 30 p . m . 2A-2402. 
Wednesday, May 2, PUB-
LIC READING - 8 p_m., HL 
Aud .; Thursday, May 3, Third 
Lecture - 3 p.m. 2A-2402. 
Thursday, May 10, Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. 2A2402. 
(5/8) 
Attention any or all student 
organizations - Budget re-
quests for the 1973-74 aca-
demic year are due no later 
than Tues. May 1. Any re-
quests for funding should be 
sent to the Campus Activity 
Fee Committee clo 250 MC. 
(II hand-delivered see Molly 
in 250 MC.) (5/1) 
A calendar of Spring Quarter 
events , compiled by the 
Campus Program Board, Is 
now available for anyone -
pick up a copy for yourself at 
the EDNA office in the lobby 
of Urey Hall. (4/20) 
1972-73 Student Directories 
are still available. Pick up 
one at the EDNA office in the 
Lobby of Urey Hall. (4/20) 

KLH -41 Dolby tapedeck, 11 BASF 
LP35LH tapes two 12" 3-way spkrs In 
6 It encl. 453-0643 (4124) 

2 AR4x speakers. 2 quadraflex 66 
speakers (52801pair new. now $175 or 
best offer) Dave 453·5470 (4/24) 

FOR SALE: Classic 1960 Jaguar Mark 
IX Saloon Car. Best offer over $2000. 
call Tim 755· 7067 (4/24) 

HEATHKIT Model M · l00 pre· and 
power Amp 1 Model AJ-30 AM-FM 
Siereo Tuner Call 453·5269 (4/24) 

Clarinet. German make. 5100 or offer. 
Call Moe at 453·3844. (4/24) 

Rlckenbacher 12 string elec. 580 Scon 
poles $15 Head sklis 555 bindings 530 
boots 550 4541418 (4124) 

66 red VW sedan fa/f condition S600 
459-9203 (4/24) 

65 Dodge Van. 69 Eng Paneled. Bed, 
Carpeted $1500 Good Cond 453· 
8403 Paul (4124) 

1968 BUick Skylark good cond $800 
or best art r 565·6655 aller lOpm 
(4124) 

TEAC tape deck. Sansul trntbl 160 W 
Pioneer amp. 2 60 W Pioneer spkrs, 
call Bob 753·3694 141241 

I 9 13112 Flat 124 Sport coupe. 26 
M. Xlnt. many Xtra. 272· 6955 (4124) 

Abbr8VIa ed '83 vw bug, body II 
chopped and denied . engine 
overhauled and mechenlCally sound 
Near ne .. tire • aun roof $.430, Mark 
453 ·8935 (4124) 

Pag 12 Triton Tim s Friday, April 20,1973 

Exhibition of crafta - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
stained-glass SCulpture -
will be on display in the Cen-
tral University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi -
b i tion is by the A llied 
Craftsmmen of San Diego In 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27) 
Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display in the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nities-Library Bldg. , Re-
velle College, through April. 
The exhibition has been co-
ordinated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4/27) 
Alpha Phi Omega is closing 
its Book Exchange. II you 
have books or an account 
with them, please clQse all 
transactions during the week 
of Apr. 23rd . The Exchange 
is located on the plaza side of 
Blake Hall on the Revelle 
campus and will be open 
from 11 a.m. to 2 p .m. Apr. 
23rd thru the 27th . Alpha Phi 
Omega and Revelle College 
Government wi ll no longer be 
responsible for past ac-
counts following th is date. 
(4/27) 
Balkan Folk Dance Festival. 
April 28, UCSD gym, 12-4 
p.m. & 7-9 p.m. Afternoon 
workshop - $1 .50; entire 
evening - $2.00; package 
price - $3.00; UCSD stu-
dents - $2.50. For informa-
tion call Bruce Hamilton, 
272-7450. (4/27) 
The UCSD Table Tennis 
Club will not be able to meet 
for the remainder of the 
Spring Quarter due to the 
constant disrepair of the 
"new" tables. Hopefully, we 
will resume in summer in the 
new gym facility. (4/24) 

~Iassifjed ads in the IT are 
free only to registered 
grilds and undergrilds at 
this ~ampus. All ads must 
be typed. Due to spilce 
limitiltions ads can only be 
three lines long, typed on 
a thirty-space line. Any-
thing longer shall be' 
charge d accordingly . 
Deadlines are : 9 a.m . 
Mon. for the Tues. edition 
and 6 p.m. Wed. for the 
Fri., edition. No phone in 
ads please. For more info 
(illl ext. 1017. 

Garrard Type A70 Automalic Turn· 
table. Shure M55E cartridge With near· 
new stylus. S35. John. 453-8721 . 
(4124) 

Beethoven 32 Sonatas w/Blggs, 
almost l1sed $17 70. Peter 453-0643 
(4/24) 

O'Nlel Fall SUll never used ankles to 
Wrists 54000 755·3025 after 500 
(4120) 

Inexpensive stereo! Realtone AMIFM 
Multiplex receiver-amplifier. 30 watts 
With bookshelf speakers 560 or best 
oller Argo 626 or 453-0961 . (4120) 

Conn Trombone (Director) , Bach 
Mouthpiece. slide, xlnt cond .. 595. 
Fender Bassman Amp. $250. John 
453·4799 (4120) 

'68 MG Type B Great condlflon With 
racmg accessories - 51 125 See 
Man, Argo 422 - late .. ngs. (4/20) 

Wet Suit - Newt Large - I,," Shark 
skin: nylon lined -no Zippers S~O: Also 
lei hns. small $13 453-6398 or rm. 222 
Argo. A lor Steve. (4/20) 

TAMRON ZOOM LENS - 80 to 
25Omm, 13 8, Int rchange lenl mounf, 
New cond,llon - 5145 45<4·7481 
(4120) 

Have to Plrt wlgood companion, 
Nkume. 5 y,. . 15 hand • • fill hy Chest 
nut. 718 Arabian registered Asking 
$600 - conl8CI Mlch Ie X 25 t6. 755· 
8793 (4120) 


