
VOLUME 20, NUMBER 10 

Paul Chapin, New Muir Asst. Provost. 

The Police and 
Student Rights 

A bright light shines in your face. A loud voice yells, 
" Up against the wall! " And it has happened ... you've had 
your first meeting with the cops. 

Too often this is a student's first exposure to " the men" . 
He doesn't understand what the policemen are domg,what 
his own rights are or what will happen. 

To help students with answers to these questions the 
campus police at UCSD are distributing a pamphlet 
called, "Learning ' to Cope with the Cops". This "in-
struction manual", published by the National Conference 
of Christians and Jews, concisely explains a policeman's 
job and how it relates-tO students. 

Briefly, this is what it says about the relationship bet-
ween cops (Constables on Patrol) and you (students, 
faculty and staff). 
Questioning -

A cop must respect the rights of citizens to have their 
privacy. The law allows a policeman to act only upon 
probable cause. But everyone he sees could be a possible 
suspect. This is "specially true if a crime has just been 
reported in his area qr if he sees something suspicious 
happening The Best advice, remain cool and cooperative 
until you think that the police are accusing you per-
sonally, then you have the right to remain silent. 

If you are stopped at night in your car, turn on your 
dome light and show the cop that nothing is wrong. It is 
best to do nothing that would give him reason to search 
furthe r. Having a light on and keeping your hands your 
hands on the steering wheel will usually put his mind at 
ease. Then when he asks you for your ID you can go about 
getting it. 

If the police knock at your door and ask to come into 
your home you do not have to let them in unless they have 
a warrant that has been signed by a judge. If they do not 
have a warrant you may, but do not have to let them in 
unless they insist on coming in. In this case ask their 
purpose, get their names and badge numbers and if you 
object, make sure that you tell them that you do not 
Consent to a search of your home. 
If Arrested 

Although it may get tight, be diplomatic, keep cool, 
Don't tell the police their do's and don'ts. Put very simply, 
If you're clean you can only lose by badmouthing the cop. 
Again, you have the right to remain silent, if you choose. 

If you do take up the argument with the arresting of-
ficers, instead of waiting, chances ar th cop will also be 
arresting you for assault (if you threaten him) or ~ttery 
(if you strlk him) or for resisting arrest(anything else). 
These charg s become more difficult to explain in court, 
so it is be t for you to keep cool. 

It is best not to di uss anything about your arre tor th 
charg son whi hyou are being held witanyon other than 
your lawy r ( if you can't afford your own, on will be 
apPOinted by th ourt). 

= 
on't on page 11 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1973 

The· Collective Bargaining Debate 
By John Taylor 

A bill that would have granted public employees, in-
cluding University of California faculty and academic 
staff members, the right to join unions and participate in 
collective bargaining was vetoed on October 1 by 
Governor Reagan. Senate Bill 400, proposed State Senator 
George Moscone, was the first such bill to pass the 
California legislature. 

The veto coincided with plans for a Conference On 
Collective Bargaining, scheduled for November 2 and 3 in 
San Francisco. According to the " University Guardian" 
American Federation of Teachers publication for the 
university , the conference will operate with the assumption 
that "collective bargaining in higher education will have 
unique 'features suited to the particular institutions in 
which it develops," and not features usually associated 
with labor unions. -

Veto Message 
In his veto message, Reagan told the legislature that 

the bill " ignores the different systems of governance, 
funding problems, and the traditions of the separate 
systems. " He also indicated that since the bill contained 
no specific provisions for or against striking, and since the 
"teacher organizations" favoring the bill also favored the 
principal of striking, the bill therefore implied the right to 
strike . 

The governor said the bill left too many aspects of 
education, including class size, curriculum, facilities, 
teaching methods, and class hours, within the jurisdiction 
of the proposed union. He added, "The need for collective 
bargaining in California's schools has not been proven in 
any respect." 

"Senate Bill 400 obviously serves the personal interests 
of teachers but it does not address itself to the welfare or 
educational needs of our children." 

••• 
The Triton Times contacted several UCSD faculty 

members this week, working from a partial cross-section 
provided by Vice-Chancellor for Academic Affairs Paul 
Saltman. (The interviews were not intended as a fotInal 
or accurate poll of the University faculty .) There was not 
consensus among the individuals contacted, and a~ 
parently none exists within the faculty as a whole. 

Saltman warned that the collective bar.gaining system 
outlined in SB 400 would call for the traditional 
management/employee relationship, and that the 
academic community lacks it. He said the administration 
and the instructors have nearly coincid ~ntal goals and 
purposes, and that the administration has no real control 
over many of the issues (like money) that teachers would 
be bargaining for, anyway. According to Anthropology 
professor Mel Spiro, who was opposed to SB 400, ad-
ministratol s and teachers are all, in fact, "workers" who 
operate at the discretion of the Regents and the 
legislature. And the whole lot of them, he added, are 
employees of the taxpayers. He said the Chancellor, not a 
union , should be and is the faculty's representative to 
higher bodies of power, and that he serves 'At the 
pleasure of the faculty." 

Physics professor Wayne Vernon thought the 
bargaining proposal was a " pretty good bill" that would 
give the faculty "a means of communication" it lacks 
now. He speculated that the governor may have vetoed 
the measure out of a " fear of organization." He described 
the present means of decision-making, specifically in 
terms of wages, as a " linear combination," which 
proceeds from the collective university administrations, 
to the Regents, to . the legislature, and finally to the 

governor. He felt collective bargaining could be effective 
within that framework, apart from the em-
ployer/employee question. 

Physics professor Bill Frazier, who termed himself a 
" fence-sitter" on the bill, said collective bargaining might 
tend to promote an undesirable polarization within the 
faculty. He agreed with the governor that little real 
"need " for a bargaining system exists, but he said a 
measure's desirability is often reason enough for ap-
proval. He added that pressure for unionization is " a 
function of how bad things are. And I'm not sure the 
system we have now is working so badly that we have to 
give it up." He feels the Chancellor " does not represent 
faculty, but that teachers have a voice to the Regents 
through the Academic Senate. Which, he admitted, could 
use a little more power. 

Strike! 
The issue of striking, one of the governor,> main com-

plaints,gainst SB400, yields little agreement, either. The 
people who were in favor of strikes for University 
teachers readily admitted the disadvantages of such 
action; fu"w of those against them were able to think of a 
better tool of persuasion. 

Chemistry professor Robert Void, although declining to 
comment on the collective bargaining bill specifically, 
nevertheless was opposed to the idea of strikes. He said 
they were neither "practical nor desirable," and that he 
felt he has an obligation to teach regardless of labotr 
disputes. John Weare, another professor of chemistry, 
also spurned strikes, but on the grounds of effectuality. 
He said, "Striking would only be efffective for us if we had 
solidarity with some outside organization. If a bunch of 
teachers sit down in a corner and say "We're on strike," 
no one's going to pay any attention to them for a while. 
But if the University's teachers struck on the 
state level, along with elementary school teachers, say, 
someone is going to feel it, and therefore do something 
about it. " He commented that a strike witbin UCSD would 
not have a direct effect on the economy- "You have to hurt 
people." He also stated his reluctance to strike for simply 
personal matters, such as wages. 

We are in disagreement with 'the governor's notion that 
collective bargaining would only be in the interests of 
teachers. He-said that a good teaching environment at-
tracts more teachers, and attracts better teachers. " And 
the quality of a faculty has a direct relation to the quality 
of a student's education. " He said the need for a union, for 
a "collective position," is very great-especially for 
decisions concerning issues like tenure, which Weare 
termed "inconsistent with each other." 

Vernon generally supported striking, but emphasized 
that gains would have to be weighed against inevitable 
losses. A strike, he said, would more often be against the 
Regents or the legislature than against any sort of 
"management" on campus, and that it would have to be 
on the state level to be effective. 

••• 

Davis Poll 
A poll in May of the 102~member Academic Senate of 

UC DaVIS, to which 428 members resp nded with useable 
questionnaires, found 62.1 percent in favor of collective 
bargaining for faculty members, 35.5 percent opposed, 
and 2.4 percent uncertain. 99.6 percent wanted the 
bargaining unions to have jurisdiction over wage and 
fringe benefit questions, while 65.8 and 60.2 percent 
thought the unions should deal with working conditions 
and acadetnic freedom, respectively. 

W0111en's Counseling Available 
Mary Dhooge, Assistant 

Coli ge Dean of R elle, 
Mary Pates, Revelle 
Resid nt Dean, and Peggy 
Butt, an intern of r . Pat s, 
hav arran d to be 
available to counsel women 
every Thursday from 12:30 -
2:30 in Ms. Oho g' offi . 

Both Ms. Ohoog and Ms. 
Butt ar' int r st d in 
helping undcrgraduat 
worn n from all thr 
coil ge with ha I th 

are encountering in choosing 
areer and in oth r area 

beeau they are women. 

However , th main rn-
pha i is not on women's 
Ii ration but on what ach 
woman' goal in lif is and 
how to a hi ve it. ording 
to Ms. Butt it is also "a pIa e 
f r xpr ion, finding a 
fri nd and olvlng 
probl illS." 

Dr. P~. ,couru:. \01' at 

Revelle, sugge ted the idea 
of worn n ounseling women 
in a group in his own in-
dividual coun ling of 
f mal tudents b cause h 
felt that women have special 
problems that a woman' 
point of vi w ('ould d al with 
more ad quat ly than that of 
a man. 

It i ' hoped b M . Ohoog 
and l' Butt tha t from thL 
j.,'l'OUp oth r <I ti 111 and 

Paul Johnson .mu Phd 
mith r the U 0 {'oun-
hng rvi hope ' I to 

form a similar group f r 111 'n 
u Ing th worn ,,' group tiS 
a mod 1. 



Assistant 
Provost at Muir 

Linguistics professor Paul Chapin has taken over as 
Muir College's Asst. Provost this year in place of Pat 
Ledden, now acting Fourth College provost. 

Chapin is splitting his time between the Provost's office 
aoo his teaching aoo research in linguistics. 
"Theoretically," he says, "The time between the two is 
supposed to be 50-50 but I end up spending over 50 percent 
in the Provost's Office." 

Chapin's duties include seeing students who come to 
him with academic problems. He oversees Muir's general 
education program and generally takes care of the 
academic side of Muir College. 

"I'm still learning what the Asst. Provost does," he 
confesses. 

With his teaching and administrative duties taking up 
the day, Chapin says he is doing his research- on 
Polynesian linguistics and syntax- at night. "The people 
who suffer from that are my family," he says. He is 
preparing a paper to be delivered in January. 

An example of what Chapin does happened a few weeks 
ago. Several science students were closed out of a lab 
they needed. They signed a petition requesting a Satur-
day lab and with the help ofChaQin'sconsultations with the 
faculty, the extra lab was opened. 

Chapin thinks the fact of Muir having the highest 
enrollment of UCSD's colleges demonstrates the school's 
attractiveness to students. 

" Part of our problem is our success," he says in 
reference to the school's bulging enrollment because of 
this attractiveness. 

Chapin would like to strengthen the Muir College 
Special Projects major. He would like to see the results of 
students who do special projects made known around 
campus. 

" I'm finding this kind of work as exciting and in-
teresting as anything I've ever done," he concludes. " It's 
something when a student comes in with a problem and I 
make two or three phone calls and the problem gets 
solved. " 

NSF Program 
The National Science Foundation seeks proposals for its 

Student-Originated Studies (80S) Program under which 
teams of students initiate, plan, and direct projects 
dealing With significant societal proplems. 

Each proposed project is to be problem-oriented - to 
deal with a local problem (or set of associated problems) 
that has immediate relevance to the conununity, that is 
concerned with the biological, physical, or social en-
vironment, and that poses yet-unanswered questions of a 
scientific or technological nature on which the student 
group can collect meaningful data . 

The approach to understanding the problem and the 
search for solution are to be interdisciplinary or 
multidisciplinary in nature. 

Each study is to be conducted by a group of students 
(minimum of 5 students but usually not more than 12) 
comprising undergraduates or graduates, or an ap-
propriate combination of the two. 

Projects are to be student-originated, student-planned, 
and student-directed, and are to be carried out under the 
leadership of one of the students in the group. The extent 
to which each group seeks consultation with one or more 
college faculty members or members of the community at 
large is a matter for decision by the students, but it is 
required that there be associated with each grant a 
specifically named Project Advisor who is a member of 
the science faculty of the host institution. 

Projects are to occupy fully the time of the student 
investigators for an uninterrupted period of 10-12 weeks. 
Projec'ts usually take place during the summer, and a 
stipend of up to $80 per week is paid to student par-
ticipants. 

Deadline for applications is December 7, 1973. 
For additional information, contact Jean Fort, Office of 

Graduate Studies and Research, 108 Matthews Campus, 
Ext. 1258. 

SPEeDING. I+El:k ! :r: 1U~'T OOI-lT 
"'NO'" HoW TD ~Tt>P! 

\ 

Low 
Blows 
and 
. Cheap 

Shots 
By Edward Simons 

Clayton had been staring at the neutral grey wal~ silent 
tears running down his cheeks. Suddenly, he threw back 
his chair. He stood gripping his desk and screamed, 
"God, I can't take this any longer!" 

As if to prove his sincerity, he ran to the wall and 
pounded his head against it. The heartbreak of psoriasis 
notwithstanding, Clayton's roomate quickly perceived 
that something was wrong. 

Roger looked up from his copy of Penthouse and blew a 
smoke ring. 

"Shut up," he sympathized. This was too much, Roger 
thought. First, hysteria in USB-2722, the cafeteria scene, 
and now this. 

"Look what you're doing to the wall," Roger pointed 
out. 

Clayton stopped for a moment and looked at the white 
tIakes clinging to the concrete. He rolled his eyes, sighed, 
and slumped into the corner. 

"Is there nothing to do here?" he moaned. 
Roger reached into his top drawer and thrjw Ciay the lid 

he always kept for company. 
" Try my brand," he cajoled. 
Clay shook his head . " I don't want to do any weed," he 

protested. 
" Well ," Roger pressed, "why don't you take what's-her-

name out to dinner or something?" 
Clay ignored him. He leaned back and signed. "Jeez, 

the character of this place just about precludes any 
normal relationships. You'd think the people in the coffee 
shop were over the hill the way they reminisce about their 
high school days. And when they aren' t talking about the 
'good old days,' they' re discussing algol or double-
decomposition reactions." 

" Define a 'normal ' relationship, " Roger said. 
" Of course, it's different for everybody." Clay con-

Costs of Paper 
Shortage 

L-___________ -= ________ --I ceded, " Richard Speck proved that. I speak of what's 
normal for me and for quite a few of my acquaintances, 
too," Clayton looked wistful . "Man, I met this real nice 
girl at dinner last Thursday and she started telling me 
about all these great times she and some of her friends 
were gonna have. Boozeless weenie roasts, volley ball 
games-you get the idea. I was really getting interested 
and then she asked me if I was a Christian. When I said 
no, she tried to convert me." 

By Holly Heitzemann 

Ecologists for years have 
been predicting the 
inevitable depletion of our 
natural resources due to 
man's misuse of technology. 
Needless to say however, 
they did not forewarn that 
the nation would have to 
deny itself the luxury of 
doodling , sketching, or 
writing because costly 
ecological standard controls 
would force many paper 
mills to shut down, thereby 
creating a shortage of paper 
in the U.S. 

With luck the paper 
shortage should not be af-
fecting students at UCSD for 
the rest of this year outside 
of increased costs of items 
such as mineo paper ; 
wirebounds, and scratch 

OJ 

pads. Purchasing manager 
for paper products at the 
bookstore on Matthews 
Campus, Betty Quinn. has 
noted a 30 % increase on the 
prices of mineo paper and 
other items. What's worse, 
however is that mineo paper 
is !'learly impossible to ge t at 
any price. 

Planning ahead and 
buying in large quanities 
appears to be the only route 
open in coping with the 
shortage. The bookstore and 
the UCSD storehouse on 
Matthews fortunately have 
enough storage space to 
house the increased number 
of supplies being ordered. 
The manager of the 
Storehouse states he is 
literally, "bulging at the 
seams with paper at last 
year's prices." But he is 
concerned over the up-
coming scarcity of items 
such as scratch pads, card-
board boxes, and other 
cardboard backed proc-
ducts. Prices, he sa id , have 
have risen up to 30% on 
nearly everything, and 
added "It's all hard to get." 

Furthermore, contractors 
have begun to shorten th ir 
contracts to 90 days, thus 
making tht: t.. k of keeping 
products in stock even more 
difficult. 

The manager of the 
Sundry Store on Revelle 
must comply with these 
short contracts not only 
because they are the only 
available options, but also 
because she has limited 
storage space . In order to 
keep th shelves suffici ntty 
sto k d sh must ord r three 
to six months ahead , and 
th n ke p fing rs r ssed th 

Con't on pg 3 
Page 2, Triton Times Octob r 26, 1973 

Peace Corps/Vista 
Drive at UCSD 

Over 60% of VISTA and Peace Corps Volunteers 
currently in training or service are liberal arts graduates 
and expanded roles for "generalists" are indicated in 
1974, according to Connie Cooper, a former Peace Corps 

Volunte~r now coordinating recruitment activities on the 
University of California, San Diego campus. 

Sociology, psychology, history and political science 
seniors will be among the liberal arts majors sought by 
Miss ' Coo-per and San Diego VISTA Volunteer Dave 
Byrnes, 26, during " ACTION Week" recruitment drive 
October 29-November 2 at UCSD. The ACTION 
representatives will staff an information and application 
booth in the Informal Lounge on the Revelle campus from 
9: 00 a.m. to 3: ()(} p.m. each day. The San Diego area office 
of ACTION, the federal umbrella agency administering 
the Peace Corps and VISTA will provide an "ACTION 
Line" information service at 293-5083. 

"Liberal arts Volunteers with the abilities to variously 
apply their skills in education, health, agriculture and 
housing programs both overseas and here at home have 
traditionally formed the background of the Peace Corps 
and VISTA since the early 60's when both agencies were 
founded," said Miss Cooper. An education major at 
Arizona State University, the 26-year old Peace Corps 
Volunteer applied her knowledge and interests to health 
education programs in Togo, West Africa. She noted the 
activities of liberal arts Volunteers, particularly some 
workers who had farming backgrounds. "Through the 
introducing of new farming techniques with the use of 
experimental plots and working with local extension 
agents, these Volunteers were able to combine their 
backgrounds with classroom knowledge and achieve 
advisory roles which were important to the agriculturally-
oriented communities," Miss Cooper added. She em-
phasized liberal arts job openings which are also 
available throughout the United States. "Community 
efforts to break the traditional poverty cycles in many 
American urban and rural areas has increased needs for 
VISTA advisors to work with local agencies in cOWlseling 

,and training para-prciessionals, planning recreation 
programs, tutoring, organizing day care centers, plus 
other programs in housing, community improvement or 
conomic self-help proj cts," explained Miss Cooper. 
Dave Byrnes who teams with Miss Coope r for the five-

day Volunte r drive, taught English as as cond language 
in hula Vista and a pted duties as hcad teach r in a 

Con't on pag 3 

" And so what did you do?" 
Clay rolled his eyes. " I suddenly remembered a mid-

term I had to study for ." 
" Your one chance and you blew it," commented Roger. 
" Yeah," sneered Clay, " big chance." 
Roger looked at his roomate for a moment, then rose. 

"Well, let's go eat dinner." 
Clay picked himself up. "Let's," he agreed. 

••• 

Tbe cafeteria was, as usual, everyone jockeying for 
position along the runways llke lemmings at the cliff. 
Roger and Clay received their rations of the edible and 
walked to the dining room. 

"See any open tables?" asked Roger. 
Clay looked. " None that I can - hey, there's Maureen." 

He looked at Roger. 
" You know her, don' t you?" 

" Peripherally," Roger nodded. " Come on." 
Maureen was sitting with her friend, Joannie. They 

were both sophomores and seemed to be friendly, Clay 
thought. They too had just arrived. Maureen and Roger 
were old friends from grammar school and their con-
versation feU along familiar lines. Talk flowed smooth 
and easy, like a well-oiled machine. C and J's badinage 
was less tete-a-tete and ran more like dad 's bargain 
basement lawnmower. At least it was that way for the 
twenty-odd minutes before Roger and Maureen left for the 
library. The realization came to Clay that he liked to be 
around Joannie ; even more so when alone. Yet however 
much he liked being with her, he couldn't escape the 
feeling that he'd blow itif ne didn 't leave soon. 

It was a perverse sort ot hCK that allowe<1 Joannie to 
resolve Clay's dilemma - Joannie had been listening to 
Clay's latest diatribe on the lack of social life at Revelle. 
She was sympathetic and he was surprised to rind she had 
several good I deas of her own to alleviate the Revelle pall. 

Joannie stole a furtive glance at her watch. "Well .. . , 
she drawled. 

"Yeah. Let's leave ." Clay fairly jwnped at the 0p-
portunity. They left the table and zigzagged their way 
through the diners to the conveyor belt. They squeezed 
through the crush at the door and fell out on the commons. 

It was now or never. 
"Look, Joannie," b gan Clay, biting his lower lip, 

" we've been talking an awful lot about how dead this 
plac is. Why don't w do something instead?" 

Joannie cocked her h ad to one side and smiled. 3 Con' t on page 

Low Blows ... 
Con't from page 2 

" Are you Cree Saturday?" Clay asked. 
"From ten on." 
" Okay," he breathed. "How would you like to spend the 

afternoon at Belmont Park?" 
She smiled. "Fine with me." 
"And dinner afterwards? " 
Joannie closed her eyes and nodded, smiling assent. 

"~, then I'll. see you tomorrow at ten-thirty, okay?" 
" Fme," she said. "Good-night." 
" Night" 
When Roger got in from the library, Clay was already in 

bed. 
"All studied up for your Monday mid-term?" asked 

Roger. 
Clay hesitated. "About as much as possible, I guess." 
" You guess?" Roger snorted. " And how'd you hit it off 

with Joannie?" 
" Fantastic! We're going to Belmont Park tomorrow. 

R.oger turned his light off and slid between the covers. 
• 'W1th your luck," he said, "she'll be a Christian and try to 
convert you." 

" Ree-al likely," Clay replied. 
Clay was bothered by Roger 's remark. What if he was 

right? 
Clay said a silent prayer. 
" Lord," he pleaded, "I want to be saved-but not now." 

••• 

. Belm?nt Park was all that it was billed to be: A pleasant 
dIstraction from the social responsibilities people of J and 
C's ilk wou.ld feel obliged to oblige when kept togethf!r any 
length of t1me. Even when Clay could think of something 
to say, either the wind or the sound of the machinery 
would render his words inaudible. 

Nevertheless, the lack of commWlication didn 't hinder 
their enjoyment. In fact, through the magnifying glass of 
hindsight, it might have actually helped matters along. 

Clay had had enough of all Belmont had to offer. Time 
for a change of location. 

" Man, I'm hungry!" he exclaimed. "Feel like some 
food?" 

Joannie licked her lips and smiled. " Um-m, yes," she 
replied. 

"Good," he said, " let's hit the Albatross in Del Mar. I 
mean, the cafeteria is OK,but they won't be at their best to 
tonight. A friend of mine says they're serving veal 
paramecium and slop, chewy." 

" The Albatross it is." 
ETA was very nearly twenty minutes. Reliving the 

amusement park .occupied almost all of the drive to Del 
Mar before the topic was run into the groWld. 

The arrival of the mai tre d' at table four was more than 
welcome. It was providential-dowJVight so. 

" Your orders, please," he intoned . 
" I'll have Soup de Jour au Piece de Chicken, please. 
Lettu~e salad with Roquefort dressing," Clay said im-
presslvely . 

The maitre d' looked toward Joannie. 
" Lobster Newburg, " she said . "No salad." 
The man wrote it down and looked up. 
" A wine, sir, to whet the appetite? " 
Clay fought down an urge to say Chateau Rothschild, 

Paper Shortage 
Can't from pg. 2 

'44. "No thank you." 
"Very good, sir. Bon appetit." and he left. 
"A wine, sir, to whet the appetite·!,: 
Clay mimicked. "Yes," he continued '''Thunderbird 

'73, chilled and on the rocks." , , 
Joannie laughed. 
Clay was delighted by the response. Time for the 

Clayton M~rrow C?medy Hour. " Boy, this place makes 
the cafetena look like Brand X, doesn't it? Sure am glad 
we 're eating on the other side of the Test-Tube Curtain, for 
once ." 

Joannie laughed again. " What a difference a bay 
makes," she remarked. 

Clay grinned as he looked into her eyes. 
That's what it was, her eyes. 
They bothered him. He got the Dotion that they were 

waiting. But ~iting for what? Clay knew the answer to 
that one. Waiting for me to make some sense, he thought. 
And somehow the evening took on a dire aspect. 

"~ay," said a straw-clutching Clay, "what are, urn, you 
takmg?" 

Dutifully , Joannie ran down her list of classes--dutifully 
and plainly bored. ' 

" Any of them very interesting?" he asked. 
He wasn ' t sure why he asked that question. Her classes 
~ Human~ties, Calculus, Apis, and Bio- seemed pretty dry, 
Lf not and . 

" Well," Joannie considered, " I suppose Biology's kind 
of interesting." 

" Bio?" Clay was genuinely amazed. 
Joannie grinned and shrugged, letting the burden of the 

conversation fall on Clay again. 
" Well, uh, that 's ... great. I mean, it's good to be in-

terested in your classes." Clay wondered if he sounded as 
desperate as he felt. 

" It's one of the few things you can get interested in ... " 
she commented . 

Hint, hint, Clay thought. 
" Yeah, I know what you mean. God, Revelle is dead, 

isn't it? I knowfora fact that ..... etc. 
The words came automatically, for once. And even as 

he spoke, Clay knew he was botching it. Relentlessly, 
inescapably, botching it. 

••• 

Clay returned to his room trying to look chipper, and 
succeedmg. Looking at him, no one would suspect that he 
had just suffered the ignominy of a silent ride home. 0 
one would know that his request for another date had been 
politely, but firmly, refused. Yes, beneath that stoic 
exterior was a quivering mass of tomato aspic. 

" Well, ~d you consummate the friendship?" Roger 
asked, taking a moment from rolling some joints. 

" As much as I had to." 
Roger shot him a puzzled look. " Had to?" 
Clay spread his arms. "She didn 't quite come up to my 

expectations," he said simply. 
Clayton picked up his psych text and fell on his bed. He 

was feeling low-lower than he could remember ever 
being. He couldn 't string two sentences together without 
his self-disgust manifesting itself. Clay put the book on his 
desk. 

" I guess after all that action tonight you don ' t feel like a 
party, eh?" 

Clay looked at Roger and shrugged. "Why not?" 
The party was in Jim's suite. Lcd Zeppelin was 

booming through Jim 's Rectilinears, making con-
versation a bit difficult. Fine with Clay; he didn 't much 
feel like talking. He sat on the floor watching the people 

ctance and looking very morose. The Bacardi handed him 
wasn't to his liking so he put it down. Just as he was 
up to leave. a girl came up to him. "Do you have a light?·· 
she asked him. 

Clay dug for his matches and lit the jOint between the 
girl 's lips. 

She took one deep drag and a short one and handed it to 
Clay, motioning him to do likewise. 

C~ay took .the reefer and looked at it pensively, won-
denng how 1t would affect him. It had been two years 
since he had last tried grass. 

Sitting down again, Clay dragged on the j with resolve . 
The girl sat beside him and together they performed the 
ancient ritual of sharing the grass. The 01' you-toke-I-
toke-everybody-must- smoke. 

A half-hour later, Clayton still knew what he was doing. 
though he wasn't sure why. Because I'm rebelling ? 
Because I've got nothing else to do? Because I couldn't 
ma~e.a good impression on Joannie? Clay had to laugh at 
the IdIOCY of that one. In fact, he did so for a full minute. 
Impossible! he reasoned . I'm one of the wittiest most 
interesting guys on campus ! 0, he thought, that 's ~ot it. 
And the rest of the evening was spent on musing about 
what the original question had been . 

Peace CorpslVista 
Con't from page 2 
National City pre-school class following his graduatIOn 
from a Connecticut college. 

Byrnes and Miss Cooper are by no means limiting their 
recruitment to liberal arts majors. The campaign will 
also embrace graduating seniors in civil engineering, 
math/science, education, English and the social sciences, 
said the former Volunteers. 

Pointing to the career-orientalion of the Volunteer job 
assignments, Miss Cooper quoted a California provision 
which offers teaching credentials to returning Peace 
Corps educators . She stressed that the two-year Peace 
Corps or one-year VISTA assignment is an individual 
commitment and does not bind volWlteers to serve in one 
of sixty host countries or a low-income community such as 
an Indian reservation. 

The ACTION representatives said that both agencies 
pay living allowances , travel and medical expenses, plus 
a readjustment sum which, in the case of a Peace Corps 
VolWlteer can amount to $2,000 following completion of 
the assignment. 

Based on a similar drive in April which produced six-
teen applicants, Miss Cooper and Byrnes have reported a 
goal of at least twenty-five Peace Corps and VISTA ap-
plications. 

Cont. from page 4 
Extension activity will give a 
whole new group of 
Californians entree to the 
knowledge and research aid 
of the tota I University," 
Cummings says. 

Remarking on the total 
efforts of the University's 
Sea Grant Program in 
research, education, and 
adivsory activities. Dr. 
William A. Nierenberg. 
director of 'Scripps In-

stitution of Oceanography. 
said, "The UnIversity of 
California, along with its 
cooperating institutions, has 
worked hard and long with 
the federal government to 
develop an effective ap-
proach to CalifornIa 
maritime and coastal 
problems . The designation 
as a Sea Grant College will 
assure the long term con-
tinuity of this program. " 

suppliers wi II h able to fi II 
her orders. 

In comparis on though, 
UCSD is experiencing h~lf 
the problems of other 
university campuses and the 
elementary school districts 
in San Diego. For reasons no 
one is really sure of, buyers 
for the districts are finding it 
nearly impossible to keep 
supplied in necessities such 
as scrach pads, newsprint, 
and mineo paper. Con-
sequently, administrators of 

Sa~ Diego s hools are asking 
th II' teachers and students 
to con rve on paper, and cu t 
down on n dl S5 doodling 
and wast . 

We buy most Merchandise below normal wholesale Prices including New, Bankruptcies still in factory 
sealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Most makes and 
models. 

It is unknown when th 
shorlage will b carre ted 
Sma ll paper III ills are imply 
unable to afford the 
cl'ological d vi s. Un-
fortu nat Iy then, s hools. 
s t~rcs, and corponltions a re 
I{omg to ha ve to depend on 
tllosc larl{er 1I1 i11s wt in 
0)) ration, and acc 'pt in-
(TCased priC'cs on p:lpcr 
products. 

200 WATT & 8 TRACK 
NEW SOLID STATE COMPONENTS 

i. 
'. / 

, 

" 

.I/ F. STIIll I(CEIYll .IPUfll! 
Ga •• aRD a.ta .• atlc «:han . e. 

Diamond "..dle - F.t clrc:ultry YOII $1 6 
Larg. full range apeak.r syst.m -"VI 1 . 7 5 
Adjustable headphones, .tc:. .... 

FREICHT LI UIDATORS 

4 CHANNEL QUAD 
1'11.10 SOUIID 

Lay-Aways and 
mlrf.Ust ' 369" Trad - Ins Accepted 

200WaH_ 
AM.FM 

MPX 
Save '202" F ......... ""-s,..II. 
p~i~e $167.20 

3459 EI Ca ·on Blvd. 

5 • .45, .... 
T •• elT_' .... 

.. P.,,(fc ...... 
283-6368 

Page 3. Triton Tim s Oclob r 26, 1973 



Sea Grant program officials admire plaque designating UC as nation's 7th 
vUI"'!>t::. Plaque was presented yesterday to UC Pres. Charles Hitch at 

. White in a ceremony attended by, from left to right above, Jeffrey 
Jassistant director of SC':'ipps Institution and manager of the UC Sea Grant program ; Dr. 
K;''Oflle Shof, Jr., associate director of Scripps; Prof. John Isaacs, director of UC's Insti -

Marine Resource; Scripps Director William Mierenberg, chairman of UC's 
Coordinating Council; and Dr. James Sullivan, assistant Sea Grant 

ger. Plaque bears the names of Dr. White and Sec.\'. of Conunerce Frederick 

UC Named Sea 
The University of 

California was formally 
designated a Sea Grant 
College at ceremonies held 
yesterday at Berkeley. UC 
thus becomes the seventh 
institution to achieve this 
status since the national Sea 
Grant Program began in 
1966. 

Concerned with the 
development and wise use of 
ocean resources, the 
national Sea Grant Program 
is part of the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration ( NOAA ), 
under the U.S. Department 
of Conunerce. With mat-

MED 
SCHOOL 

ADMISSION 
PROBLEMS? 
- ElrlMe. 

IIY Iller HI Iia 
nenen tnllill 

Fo, the session sta,tine Fall . 1974, 
the European Medi~al Students 

Pla~ement Serflce, Inc. will assist 
qualified American students In 
laininl admission ... recolnl1l4 
overseas medical schools. 
And thafs just the be,lnnlll,. 
Since t ~ e language biWrier constitutes 
the pre IOnde'ate difficulty in succeed. 
ing .t I forei,n school, the Eu,omed 
pro,r." .Iso includes In Intensive 
1 Z we 'k medic.1 and cOllversational 
Iln,uI,e course. mandatory for .11 
stUden' s. t,ve hoUrs daity, the course 
I. live, i. the counlry wh." the .tu· 
dtnl .. II .ttend mediCI I school. 
In IdO .U,,, , tt •• LQ';"ptcn Ifrt l".' 
StUdtll'S PI .. ....."I Servin pro.ides 
.ludeoI'S with • 12 ...... 1,;ltnsl .. 
cultun o~entation course, with Am.,.· 
ic.tn r<HIrob now studyi., modicl.e 
in till ~'Iicullr cou.try 11m., •• 
cO\In .. 0,1. 
Senior Of .,_1. ItIIdtllb eII,nllll, 
tfIf,,11i I ... _I ... ¥fti .. nl1, •• 
.11fIbI I. participate in tilt Eo,,,,,",, 
" ...... 

For application and lurther 
'n'ormallon_ phone toll Ir .. , 

(100) 645-1234 
or write, 
EUROPEAN MEDICAL 
S1MIIIb ....... s.mc., ItIC. 11 .... C_'''_ ... 
...... , .... 11"1 

Grant College 
ching funds from states and 
other organizations, the 
federal Sea Grant Program 
makes possible grants to 
universities and other in-
stitutions for marine-related 
research, education and 
training, and advisory 
services. The commerce 
Department assigns the 
status of Sea Grant College 
to education institutions on 
the basis of the quality and 
performance of their sea 
grant programs. Sea Grant 
Colleges are than given 
funding priority for con-
tinued research. 

A Sea Grant program at 
the University of California 
was first established in 1968, 
and now includes projects at 
seven UC campuses -
Berkeley, Da vis, Los 
AJ'geles, Riverside, San 
Diego, Santa Barbara , and 
Santa Cruz - and also at San 
Diego State University, the 
University of San Diego, and 
at Moss Landing Marine 
Laboratory. This year UC 
received $1 .2 million in Sea 

Grant funding, and with the 
achievement of formal Sea 
Grant College status, uC's 
allotment could increase by 
about $250,000, according to 
Dr. James Sullivan, 
assistant Sea Grant program 
manager for UC" 

In announcing UC as a Sea 
Grant College, Conunerce 
Secretary Frederick Dent 
said in a letter to 
Congressman Bob Wilson of 
San Diego County that the 
designation had been made 
"in recognition of the out-
standing work of the 
University of California in 
mounting strong programs 
of applied research, 
education, training and 
advisory functions in marine 
affairs during the past five 
years." 

During the ceremonies 
yesterday at Berkeley Dr. 
Robert M. White , NOAA 
Administrator, presented 
UC President Charles J. 
Hitch with the Sea Grant 
College plaque. 

San Diego figures 

Representatives for the 
Asian 
Black 

Chicano 
Native American 

Law Siudent Associations 
from University of California 

HASTINGS 
COLLEGE of the LAW 

will be recruiting 
Tuesday, October 30 

all day 
Chancellor Complex 
Conference Ream B 

All students welcome 

Page 4, Triton limes October 26, 1973 

prominenUy in the UC Sea 
Grant program, as the 
program is administered by 
the University-wide Institute 
of Marine Resources which 
is headquartered here at 
Scripps Institution, and 
because Sea Grant work is 
also being carrie,d on at San 
Diel(o State and at USD. 

USD's Sea Grant program 
concentrates on maritime 
and coastal problems in 
California, and four main 
areas of study have been 
delineated : coastal zone 
studies , fisheries and 
aquaculture, marine 
products, and ocean 
engineering. 

The thrust of the coastal 
zone studies is to seek out 
information that will assist 
in planning for the long-
range use and management 
of .the coastal zone. 
Researchers will work with 
the California Coastal Zone 
Conservation Commission tQ 
help establish a master plan 
for the state's coastline. 
Studies will be continued - on 
the effects of human in-
tervention on the ecology of 
the coastal zone, the physical 
processes that change the 
nearshore area, and the 
development of alternate 
methods for coastal use 
planning. Projects include a 
search for methods to 
harness, rather than Eight 
the forces that move sand, 
control nearshore water 
movement, and determine 
the dispersal of pollutants 
near the coast. A team of 
divers and biologists will 
develop information to assist 
Los Angeles County in fin-
ding the best use of 
recreational resources of its 
c"astline. 

h. the field of ocean 
engineering, UC San Diego 
scientists are developing 
ways of handling the 
tremendous store of energy 
carried in ocean waves. One 
project, which will be tested 
next year in Avalon harbor , 
uses tethered spheres to 
create an inexpensive and 
portable breakwater on the 
open coast. The breakwater 
dissipates wave energy and 
will provide protection from 
wave damage to ' boat-
launching areas and har-
bors. Investigators also are 
undertaking a wave-power 
generator project for 
deriving useful electrical 
power from wave motion . 

Another task of the Sea 
Grant Program is to aid in 
the development of viable 
aquaculture industries so 
that marine plants and 
animals can be grown in a 
controlled setting for 
conunercial use, Scientists 
at UC Davis, UC Berkeley's 
Bodega Marine Laboratory 
and San Diego State 
University are raising 
lobsters in captivity. 
Hopefully, their studies on 
water quality control , feed 
tests , genetic selection, 
disease control and farming 
hardware will lead to 
methods for the profitable 
commercial farming of 
lobsters. 

UC Santa Barbara 
scientists also are seeking 
better techniques for the 
growing and harvesting of' 

Carl Eckart, Former 
Vice Otancellor, Dies 

Flags on campus new at half mast Wednesday in honor 
of Dr, Carl Eckart, who died Tuesday at Scripps Hospital 
at the age of 71. Dr. Eckart was professor emeritus of 
geophysics at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and 
had served as director of Scripps, as director of the 
Marine Physical Laboratory, and as the first vice 
chancellor for academic affairs at UCSD. 

Dr. Eckart was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and there 
attended Washington University where he received his 
bachelor of science and master of science degrees before 
moving to Princeton for his doctoral work. He received 
his Ph.D. in physics from Princeton in 1925, and three 
years later joined the faculty of the University of Chicago 
as assistant professor of physics. 

In 1946 Dr. Eckart made a permanent move to the west 
coast to accept appointment as director of the Marine 
Physical Laboratory and as professor of geophysics at 
Scripps. Two years later he was named director of 
Scripps, succeeding Dr. Harold U.Sverdrup, who was 
returning to his native state, Norway. In 1950 he 
relinquished the position to devote full time to directing 
the Marine Laboratory. 

In 1965 Dr. Eckart was apPOinted by the Board of 
Regents to the newly created post of vice chancellor fie! 
academic affairs at UCSD. He retired from this position 
to return to full-time teflchig and research in July, 1966. 

Dr. Eckart was elected a member of the National 
Academy of Sciences in 1953 , and in 1966 the Academy 
awarded him the Alexander Agassiz Medal for his 
" perceptive andJar-ranging analysis of the motions of the 
sea and the forces behind them. " 

seaweeds because numerous 
useful chemicals can be 
extracted from them. While 
seaweed is not an important 
food crop in the U.S., it is a . 
significant food item in other 
countries, particularly the 
Orient. and therefore is a 
potential export for the state. 

Fisheries research in-
cludes projects to synthesize 
" red-tide" toxins found in 
shellfish and to develop 
quick chemical assays for 
them. 

In conjunction with its 
research activities, the 
University's Sea Grant 
program has initiated a 
marine advisory service. By 
combining the already 
established network of UC 
Agricultural Extension 
offices with the marine 
advisory service, the new 

transmit information a nd 
use research results to 
provide advice and 
assistance to any individual, 
industry or agency con· 
cerned with marine matters. 

Using the resources of UC 
Cooperative Extension and 
other University research 
personnel in food science and 
technology engineering, and 
economics, meetings ha~e 
been held with commerctal 
fishing groups to provide 
information on financing, 
insurance, busin e 
management, 
and boat sanitation. 
sessions have been held 
fish processors to 
guidance on handling 
sanitation to further impr 
fish products . 

"This new UC r"",,,,,,r<ltllVl 

Cooperative Extension will Cont. on Page 3. 

SA •• UI • GARRaR •• 
12" WOOFER. 

SANSUI • GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS . We feature. in limited quant ity , 
Sansui's 210 super powerful AM-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee hi~h walnut 
multi-speakcr air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters & b year guaran-
tee . Garrard's professional serles changer with diamond needle & cartridge;, 
List $320. Now $22 Q. Lo Dn. EZ terms , or trade-Ins. Only $228 COMPLETE 

We l~~~Ys 8 *8 §~~N,9Jfs~Rv~~~~2 O*et SJn~t'lt-6 

Quiz 
Kid 

Corner 

First Prize Winner: 

My Day at the Seashore, 

by Renee Prince 

A\ .~\ ( 

Junior Arts Drawjng Festival 

Special Award: 
While not exactly in the spirit of the contest, 

this entry captured the spirit of childhood 
confusion, so applicable to us now. 

Nat. Sci 2C-Light.Show? by Emily Brandt 

In the final analysis, everybody who entered wins, and 
receives a gold star on their hard work. As Grandma said 
when asked to judge the art-work of her grandchildren: 
" theY're all good" . 

" But which is the best, grand.na?" we queried. 
She smiled and answered, "They're all the best", 
Grandmothers never tie. 

Well, the graphite has cleared, the 
crayola's have come to rest, and milk and 
cookies will be passed out if everyone will 
spread their blankets on the noor. The 
judges of the JUNIOR ARTS ORA WING 

I FESTIVAL have made their decision and 
L&he results are now clear. 

You children just don't follow directions . 
]n order to successfully print the results, 
we needed drawings done in pencil, pen, 
or felt pen. Instead, we got crayons, water 
paints, and bubble-gum. None the less, 
doing the best we can, we 've tried to 
reproduce the results of the contest. 

, H r .... ",utl \I •• I"'~ W" .,I 
1!1e 111U' .lfl "" '" 

."s J6 K) 
10llli.I All! .. 

't' ."'I \,II""'''.-' 
'~U'O\. 'I ,II '. .., 

Special Award -For Mixed 'Media: 

My Family and the T.V. et 

by Renee Prince 

WRIGHT·S 
WORLD 

OF SOUnD 
-----:.-...... Z e 

.~ : I -===-

•••••• • • • •••••• 
e 

• 

IClt .. " .... , .. ,.· •. ,. 

N~II\NI. III fl. I 
,.'+!tI ... ·.tn.I< 

"0' . 1\ ••. ,., ... of" 
... "' ... I h.f! .. 

WI,." 

New 4230 RECEIVER with BUILT-IN DOLBY · 
Now, Marantz Introduces their top 
quality 4200 .erle. receive,., with 
BUILT·IN DOLlY·' The Dolby' nol .. 
reduction lretem ........ t .. hissing, 
feedback and playback distortion. 
Hear your tapes exactly as they were 
recorded' CI.an, Clear, Crisp, 

Hearing is believing, and you won't 
believe It until you hear it! The 
Dolby' , now built-In to t M .an 
receive", and now awallable at 
Wright's. Only $449.95 

F.\IR TIW)E PRIC E 

P8Qe 5, Triton limes October 26, 1973 



Musical Notes 
Elton Jon 

Larry Deckel 
Music : "An E,ye in Ench HeQtd" Belinda 

Green 

Go<odbye Yellow Brick Road - Funeral for a 
Fri.!Dd, Loves Ues Bleeding, Candle in the 
Wh,d, Bennie aDd the Jets, Goodbye Yellow 
Brick Road, ThIs Song has No Tltle t Grey 
lamaica Jerk.()ff, I've Seen that Movie Too, 
Sweet Painted Lady, The Ballad of Danny 
Bailey (1909-34), Dirty Uttle Girl, All the 
Girls Love Alice, Your Sister can't Twist (but 
she can rock'n' roll), Saturday Night's 
Alright for Fighting, Roy Rogers, Social 
Disease, Harmony. 

range into falsettos which turn out to be quite 
becoming to him, particularyl in Bennie and 
the Jets and All the Girls Love Alice. Plus his 
nonnal voacla mastery of putting warmth 
into the ballad and emotional song as shown 
inThls Song Has No TltJe:'l'he album also has 
the most hannonies and back-up vocals that 
any John album has had. 

their past, Raspberries new album Side 3 is 
more of the same. It would be easy to classify 
this music as a direct steal of early Beatles, 
but a close listen shows the Beatles to be far 
tamer. What the Raspberries seem to hav,e 
done, is created a sound which seems to be 
what we remember as the early 60's sound, 
and yet in no way actually resembles it. 

TheM I Comes 
Anthony Adams, a twenty-one year old 

San Diego State student, has composed a 
rock opera. Selections from his work. " AN 
EYE IN EACH HEAD" have just been 
released locally (at the moment, available 
only through Thearle's Music Company) by 
Harlequin Records . 

slake ), who, as he proudly tells us, is "THE 
MEDICINE MAN'S APPRENTICE." The 
Romeo and Juliet of the tribes are a pair of 
homosexual lovers who secretly meet in the 
FORBIDDEN PLACE. 

There's Elton John galore here and so die-
hard John fans are going to get their money's 
worth with his latest release, but there is 
reason to suspect that the only reason for the 
two albums is that no two sides of this album 
could make it alone. The album makes its 
statement in quantity if not top quality . 

Right from the top of this album you know 
something is different here. The first song 
isn't John's latest AM hit (as has been the 
formula for most all of his past albums) and 
instead we start with an organ and ARP 
synthesizer elegy Funeral for a Friendwhich 
eventually segues into Love Ues Bleeding. 
Just not typical Elton John tactics. 

Once the album gets started however, the 
territory becomes more familiar. Elton has at 
last almost totally shook his early style of 
broken rolJed chords and arpeggios, and 
traded it in for more the HONKEY 
CHATEAU style Honkey Cat ac-
companiment. Notably, his keyboard work is 
further and further into the background of the 
arrangements. And only the lead guiarist gets 
much of anything to play. 

What Goodbye Yellow Brick Road seems to 
indicate throughout the album, is goodbye to 
the instrumental portion of the Elton John 
Team. The album is chiefly a vocal exercise, 
and what instrumental passages there are, 
are simplistic and clean. 

Elton is now writing to sing, and while the 
lyrics are a bit mushy throogh portions of the 
album, his voice is the best instrument on the 
album. He even begins to push beyond his own 

back-up vocals that any John album has had'. 
All in all, the album finds itself pretty easy 

listening with no utterly incredible moments. 
There's a flicker of excitement as a fast paced 
Your sister can't twist (but she can rock 'N' 
Roll rolls r'ight into John's latest hit Saturday 
Night's Alright for Fightlnga cut that really 
makes you want to get up and dance , but it 
rolls back down again, into subtler and 
simpler stuff. 
Thankfully the album has no over-produced 

orchestral cuts (as have marred a few of his 
albums in the past), an9 though this album 
may be a bit steeped in sound effects (sea 
gulls, audiences, wind, etc) it doesn 't go to 
excess. What results is a simple, safe, non-
spectacular yet satisfving album . 
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is not an album 

that will bowl you over, but for easy listening, 
it's aU there . 

Raspberries 
Side 3 - Capital SMAS-U220-Tonight, Last 
Dance, Making It Easy, On the Beach, Hard 
to get Over a Heartbreak, I'm a Rocker, 
Should I Wait, Ecstasy, Money Down. 

Raspberries? For those of you who can't 
place the name of the group immediately, 
you'll probably remember them as being the 
band with the hit single a couple of summers 
agoGo All the Way, which sounded like Paul 
McCartney circa " Beatles" 65, with har-
monies by John Lennon, and guitar licks 
directly from Pete Townsend. 

And if you were really up on your gossip, 
you might have heard that this was the band 
asked to leave the " Hollies" tour, because 
they were stealing the show from them, 
despite the fact they were only the warm-up 
band. 

Whatever connection you may have with 

There is nothing very texturally complex 
here. In fact, for the most part, the album is 
strictly two guitars, a bass and a drummer. 
Yet the nature of the tunes, and a terrific set 
of vocals makes this album come alive right 
in your ears. The catchy predicability of the 
songs may seem trite on the surface, but you 
just can't help grabbing onto a harmony and 
singing along. 

A few of the songs lean a little towards a 
hokey country sound, but the rockers do rock, 
and the harmonies make it all worthwhile. 
The four songs penned by Eric Carmen on the 
album Tonight, On the Beach, I'm a Rocker, 
and Ecstacy al\ capture a spirit of clean rock 
that's been missing for a long time, 

If that early "Beatles" cleanliness appeals 
to you, you'll find I Side 3 right up your alley . If 
you're looking for " Grand Funk", keep right 
on walking. 

News to .. eruse 
Speaking of "Grand Funk", R.1 .A.A. just 

certified their latest, We're an American 
Band a million-selling single, as well as a gold 
record ( their ninth) for the album of the same 
name. 

Several exciting releases are set for the 
month of October including LP's by "Traffic" 
to 'ON THE ROAD, "Spooky Tooth" WIT-
NESS, "The Band" MOONDOG MATINEE, 
and a number of LP's from the various 
splinters of the " Beatles" including John 
Lennon MIND GAMES, Yoko Ono FEELING 
THE SPACE and Ringo Starr RINGO, the 
album reportedly featuring all the Beatie's in 
some capacity. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD HDt W' 

BOX OFFICE:LOBBY, UREY HALL 
714/453-2000, EXT. 1391 

Page 6, Triton limes October 26, 1973 

·'J .J .'s", Ule new concer t 
club that opened la st 
weekend, seems to have 
brought a badly needed 
addition to San Di go en-
tertainment. "Dalton and 
Newberry " zipped " J .J .'s" 
off to a fast start Friday 
evening with over 1100 
people making the scene. 
Evidently they spread the 
word , because Saturday 
night nearly 1600 jammed 
into the club, digging the 
music and checking the 
place out. The commenls my 
queries received were all 
favorable. 

The future holds big plans 

Burt Reynolds 
in 

THE MAN WHO 
LOVED 

CAT DANCING 
and R 

PAT GARRETT 
R 

with James Coburn 
'All Color Program 
opens 6: 30 Show 7: 00 : 

DEL MAR 

DRIVE-IN 

Don Maker 

in a different format for 
"J.J.'s" than shown last 
weekend. The c losest 
example would be San Diego 
States' "Back Door", the 
place where you sit on the 
floor , groove on the sounds, 
and enjoy the fine refresh-
ments. Being strictly 
commercial with no outside 
support, " J.J .'s" has 
managPd to keep its prices 
reasonable at $3 .50, as 
compared to $2 to $:1 at "Th 
Back Door" . 

"J.J.'s" has many more 
things going for itfor those of 
us who like to m.unch while 
we listen. ThC\ kitchen is 

,.'~~ .. "\~\; . 

t- ~ ,,. III!) 11;1111))))))111\:, 'i 
NOW THRU SUNDAY 

9:00 Ol'(LY 
PLUS AT 7:00 & 11 :30 

~/~ 
L-______ In ______ ~ 

Pete-n'Tillie 
IAPALOMA 

'(lAST IfY 753-3955 

Photo: Hurst 

One of the more intere." :s for a dinner conversation in the 
Revelle Cafeteria is the ' . mural. Groups of people are 
often seen vehemently gesturing about the baffling figures 
in the painting. 

The artist spent the ... rr~;'; completing this mammoth work. 
This Friday night, the will have the good fortune to 
meet the creator of the 
Howard Warshaw, lie professor of art at UC Santa 
Barbara. Tonight, Oct. at 8:30 p.m. in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Slides will be of the mural and the 
artist's meaning of the given. So please attend and get all 
the facts - you will make the second showing of the 
Friday flick. 

Bey 
Kids! 

winners of the Junior Arts Drawing 
(Quiz Kid Contest HI) have been 
Photos of winning entrys are on 

Skeptical about the strength of a " local " 
rock opera? Don' t be. The strength of the 
composition, and the quality of the recor-
ding are an amazing tribute to the San 
Diegans who contributed to the project. 

The recording only gives a smattering of 
the entire opera which is reportedly 2 1/2 
hours long, and is claimed to be the first 
true " rock opera" as differentiated from the 
song cycles Tommy and oratorios JESUS 
CHRIST SUPERSTAR that have passed as 
that have passed as "opera" previously. 

The rock opera itself was conceived as a 
multi-media oroduction with staging 
featuring full stage three-dimensional 
moving color projections ( laser 
holographs ). Mr. Adams aspires to take his 
work to Broadway. 

The libretto of the opera traces the "II'yth 
of man," as understood by the surviving 
species of flies. In four sections ("SACRED 
SCROLLS") an elder fly tells the story of 
four periods of mythical man's develop-
ment; The Age (If Stone, The Age of Slave 
Trade, The Age of Superstate, The Age of 
Uniglobe, The work deals with nine ar-
chetypal figures that reappear througlrout 
man's history. The ostracized philosopher 
sees the problems facing his socie.ty, but 
cannot communicate them to his com-
munity. And ultimately, this naturally leads 
to the society's destruction . 

After a wonderful prologue by the 
adolescent flies (I'M DIVINE") the opera 
commences with The Age of Stone. This first 
section cor.cerns thalamentations of Kela , 
i.nventor of the whell and a kind of King 
Arthur, over the dilemma of man as a 
thinking animal. 

The highlight of the first section is a 
vibrant tribal ritual involving the division 
and devouring of a recently obtained 
mastadon . The tribe gathers a Funky 
Cavewomarr (Karen Winder ) extolls: Eat 
the Feast! Everybody I Get it onl Let's have 
a party . A prayer offered by ·Grump (John 
Davis) is very pretty, but the tribe is much 
more interested in FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT. 

Section two, The Age of Slave Trade, 
explores the concept of freedom in creature 
man. Two feuding tribes are betrayed by 
Portuguese slave traders . The leading 
thinker in this section is Niki (Jim Car-

One of them, Kasimba, faces initiation : " I 
should be joyous/For tonight I become a 
manl But instead I'm filled with doubt I And 
I can' t find a way out .. " As he tells Niki, "I 
love my peoplel But I love you too." Alas, 
where is the freedom here? 

The third 
The Third Scroll treats " man's 

progression from individual to collective 
slavery." The theme is non-violent power to 
the people. A set of vocals sung by Jim 
Carslake and Cheri McIntosh, " STRANGE 
FRUIT," is lovely, melodic, and highl) 
waltzable. 

The Age of Uniglobe. The perfect society 
has been attained, yet is threatened by the 
inexplicable approach of an " imaginary" 
Albino Jesus . A confrontation between the 
Computer Feeders and the Scientists results 
in the jailing of the testtube men. Jim 
Carslake, a Scientist, reflects on man 's 
aspirations in " We Have a Dream. " 
Even tualJy the Uniglobe world goes mad. 
Jeff Gregory, Chief Computer Feeder, finds 
the solution, " The Day J Lost Control of My 
Body." 
A bit of comic relief. 

In a poetic recitative , the Elder Fly tells 
us the awful fate of man as Albino Jesus 
attacks. The youn~ flies crv out that " It 
Doesn't Have to End This Way" and once 
more celebrate their divinity. With the 
concluding plagal cadence, we realize that 
yes, there is hope for the world-if we just 
ou tlast the flies. 

This rock opera has immense potential . 
The forty minutes of music released on this 
recording is generally sparkling, engaging 
and hummable . The lyrics are witty. The 
plot is certainly original. The plans to re-
orchestrate the piece (for instance, using 
African kalimba and acoustic guitar sounds 
in the second section, synthesizer for 
Uniglobe) should relieve the " plain rock" 
sQl:lnd of this recording. And a full length 
version should provide continuity to the odd 
plot. 

The staging possibilities of .. An Eye in 
Each Head" are truly exciting. The chorus 
numbers especially could be realized with 
dynamic, colorful, dancing success. The 
holograph sets alone are an innovation . 
Anthony Adams, with some ca reful 
reworking, I believe you'll have a fine show. 

fairly extensive, and 
are tables to go with 

Last Day for Half-Priced "Carmen" Tickets 
chairs. For those over exciting English mezzo soprano Ann Corporal Don Jose (William DuPre ), and 

Escamillo (David Myrvold ), a toreador. " J .J .'s" has a bar . And makes her San Diego Opera debut 
atmosphere is, na in the title role of Bizet's 
much more relaxed than Ol •• J\"'I~ .r" · Oct, 31 and k·v. 2 at 8:00 
normal concert. Nov. 4 at 2:30 p.m. in the CIVic 

Members or the ~an Ulego Symphony 
will be under the direction of Maestro 
Walter Herbert, who has elected to use the 
standard grand opera edition of the score. 
The spoken English dialogue has been 
adapted for this production by William 

-':1\HIVIRlIJ" is tne tragic staty of the 
But the main attraction, love triangle between Carmen, 

course, is the music. "J.J. 
will be featuring such acts 
" The Sons of Cha 
tonight and 

"Unda Lewis" Nov. 1-4 
" Wishbone Ash" joining 
on the 4th. "The 
Light OI1(;hestra" 
pear ]';Qv. 21, " Elvin 
will be here on the 30th, 
upcoming stars such 
"John Mayall" and " 
Feliciano" will be 
dates soon . 

These a re some 
of the fine Blues, 
and Rock you wiII be 
hear at "J. J .'s", 
located at 4025 Pacific 
way . It is about time 
Diego had something 
to offer in the way of 
music than " Wallba 
and I certainly wish 
good luck and 
their endeavors to 
name a ts and good 
onsistently into San 

Universit~ of California, San Diego 
Campus Program Board 

Presents 
MAHAVISHNU 
ORCHESTRA 

with 
John McLaughlin 

7:00 & 10:00 p.m.UCSD Gymnasiurr 
Sunday, November 10, 1973 

Presale: ,3.00 STUDENTS WITH 1.0. 
(two tickets per 1.0.) 

,4.00 GENERAL ADmiSSION 
At Door: ,4.00 All 
Box Offlee : LOBBY, UREY HAll 

714 1 453-2000, ext. 1391 

Roesch , Stage Director. 
Critics have hailed the production as one 

of the handsomest ever mounted by the 
San Diego Opera. Opera officials predict 
their second sell out in as many produc-
tions for this season . Half price student 
tickets will be available at the Student 
Activities Office until Oct. 26 . 

New Theatre 
Library Open 

If you are interested in theatre and dramatic literature, 
you have no doubt experienced the frustration involved ill 
trying to find the script to a current play befor , and if 
ever , it gets printed into hard-bound, Library reading 
editions. Further, if you're the type who enjoys browsing 
through playscripts, you've no doubt found that the 
replacement of the Dewey Decimal System with the 
Library of Congress Classification system has made play 
brOWSing almost impossible. 

A formidable start to solving these problems has at last 
been made by the UCSD Drama Cluo, who have now 
opened a Dramatic Playscript library. 

The library, located in THE SPACE (formerl y, The 
Anomaly Factory ) on Matthews Campus, is currently 
housing approximately 300 plays in standard theatre acting 
editions, and is expecting still another 150 plays within the 
month. These plays are available to Students and Facultv 
of UCSD on a 2-week check out basis in much the same way 
as books are available through the regular libraries on 
campus. 

The library was compiled from funds and assistance from 
the UCSD Drama Club, the Revelle Committee on College 
Affairs, the Drama Department, and Mr. Jim Beckley, and 
is currently under the management of the UCSD Drama 
Club. 

The collection will be added to on a monthly basis based 
on requests for plays not already in the collection. 
Magazines and periodicals of a theatrical nature will also 
be made available through the library. 

The library hours at this time are : 
Monday 12 :30-2:00 
Tuesday 9:15-11 :00 
Wednesday 9:00-12 :00 
Friday 2:004:00 
For further information contact Larry Deckel at 453-0045 

or University extension 1016. 

FRIDAY FLICKS 
FREE 
'Ihe 

WIZARDofOZ 
with Judy Garland 

AND 
NEILSON 'S 

nIEPOINT 
.-----~ -----~ With Shorts of Betty Boop, 

·W.C. Fields, Daffy Duck, 
Pork~ Pig, Groucho marx, 

Cab Calloway and 
RICHARD m. NIXON 
8:00 p.m. Gym 

The Studio Preview schedule 0;'-
this Friday will occur in November 

Page 7, Triton limes October 26, 1973 



Opinion 
· ca and Chile 
Part I 

The following is a group eX selections from pamphlets 
published by the North American Congress on Latin 
America, a responsible political studies group which has 
been fonowing Chilean events closely. More information 
can be obtained from Box 226, Berkeley, Ca. 94701. 

"This is a business administration, and its business is to 
protect American business," Secretary of State Rogers 
told a meeting of U.S. businessmen with interests in Chile, 
in October, 1971. American business in Chile involved $1 
billion in investments, $700 million of it in the lucrative 
copper mines. Major investors included Anaconda, Ken-
necott, and ITT, in the field of communications. Foreign 
interests, mainly American, control1ed 60% of Chile's 
chemical and metal production industries, 50% of shoe 
production, and nearly 100% of petroleum distribution, and 
rubber and tobacco production. One of the Allende 
government's first acts was to nationalize (with the 
unanimous support of the Chilean Congress) the U.S. -
owned copper holdings,. The government cited the poor 
condition of the mines and the high profits of the companies' 
in the 60's (25% on invested capital in most years) in its 
decision to pay the American companies no compensation. 
Other U.S. investments in Chile were bought out. 

But there was more at stake than immediate donar 
losses. The U.S. feared that Chile's actions would en-
courage similar nationalizations in neighboring countries, 

united campus ministry 

stu-Jent service - Sundays 
lOam 

revelle formal lounge 

~CAMPUS TRAVEL SERVICE 
See Bill Kell er, 

452-0630 

NOW OPEN 

AND 
GET YOUR 

FREE PAPER 
AIRPLANE 

10 to 12 AM, 
2 to 5 PM, 

Mon . Thr u Fri . 

On the cover of TRIPPING 
The student travel magazine 

CHRISTMAS DfARTER FLIGHTS 
NEW YORK $170 

LAINe N York Leaves 
TIA 1)~:-8 Dec. 14 

I CHICAGO $145 
Re1urns 
Jan . 1 

LA J: lli ago Leaves Returns 
Americ.an 707 Dec. 14 Jan . 1 

MEXICO ell y' ${49 
LA/Mt·xICO City 

Unittd DC-8 
Leaves 
Dec . 15 

Returns 
Dec . 29 

LA/ Freepon 
TIA DC-8 

THE BAHAMAS $100 
r 5 

Leaves 
Dec. 14 

Returni 
Dec. 29 I~ 

AVAILABLE ONLY TO UCSD STUDENTS, 
FACULTY, STAFF, AND THEIR IMMEDIATE 
FAMILIES. 

Page 8, Triton Times October 26, 1973 

MY COMPLETE fArm IN ~UDG£ SJRlCA 
... , WHY mRNINGkBEBE (PImE) 

threatening even further U.S. hegemony in Latin America. 
Preventing this seemed more important then ever to policy 
makers in 1971. Rising competition from Western Europ,e 
and Japan for the world's raw materials and markets made 
the U.S. traditional sphere of influence - Latin America -
more important than ever. 
THE ECONOMY 

"Dr. Salvador AlJende, similar to Fidel Castro, is con-
ducting his country rapidly to bankruptcy and ruin." 
(Statement from Barron's magazine, reprinted in EI 
Mercurio, April 20, 1971. ) 

This statement, published over two years ago, is typical 
of numerous predictions which have been expressed about 
the UP government since it came into office in 1970. It was 
written during a year when Chile's GNP increased by 8.5 
percent (compared to an average increase of 4.4 percent 
during the decade of the '60s). 

The U.S. press and the Chilean opposition have placed the 
l)lame for the presumed Chilean economic disaster 
;;quarely on the. shoulders of a " socialist" ecomony. If the 
UP had not moved Chile to a socialist system - so the 
argument goes - the ecomony would stiJI be thriving. There 
is no doubt that a very severe economic crisis does exist in 
Chile, but its roots are not to be found in a socialist 
economy. Rather, the crisis arose when Allende began to 
dismantle the structures of the capitalist economy, and the 
Congress and other institutional opposition forces 
prevented him from putting anything in their place. The 
opposition demands have become increasingly simple : the 
government should renounce its committment to the 
creation of a workers' state or suffer the consequences of 
the economic chaos which opposition forces will (and have) 
unleashed. 

The government's economic program called for (1) 
nationalization of the U .S.-dominated mining industry, (2) 
socialization of key sectors of the economy such as the 
banks and strategic industries, (3) expropriation of large 

triton times 
Editor-in-Chief ........... David L. Buchbinder 
City Editor ......... '" ........... .. Greg Hicks 
Minaging I:ditor .. ... ...... .. .. Michael Sesma 
Copy Editor ..................... James G. Soto 
Business Miln .. ~er ..... .. ...... Nancy Mancino 
Editorial Director . .. .... ..... .. . Mark McCarty 
Arts Editor . . . .. . .......... ... .. . . Larry Deckel 
Sports Editor . .... ................. Eric Raisters 
Science Editor ................... '. ' .. lJob Nau 
Photography Editor ..... . ...... Malcolm Smith 
Secretary .. ... ............... ,. Corrnne Cacas 
Associille City Editors ........... ... . Rick Drom 

Hannah Cohen 
Asst. Business Manager . .......... Ramon Ruiz 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognrzed as a 
student newspaper by the Communication Board 
of the University of California, Siln Diego, Building 
250, MaHhews Cimpus, La Jolla, Californii 92037. 
Publication is twice weekly on TuesdiYs ind 
Fridays. Offices are located in Room 117, Blake 
Hall, Revelle Campus .. For ildvertising phone 453-
8722, or 453-2000, X 1017; for editorial or news 
phone X 1016. 

.----------------------, LSAT 
PREP. COURSE FOR DEC. OR FEB. LSAT 

We offer you : 
• Pre-Testing 
·Instruction by Subject Matter Experts 
·lndividual analysis 
·Test Taking Techniques 
· Post Test <simulated LSAT) 
·l.imited Seating ... $100.00 
Educational Services (714) 298-1417 
----------------------~ 

A (CLICK) '-'KEAT GUY 
(CLI~) (PAUSE) •... ER,WHY 
I At. WAYS SAl D (fWJSE),,,. 

land-holdings, (4) redistribution of income in favor of the 
working class and the poor in general, (5) lowering of the 
unemployment rate, (6) reactivation of the economy after 
the severe recession during the final years of the Frei 
regime, and (7) the redirection of production toward the 
needs of the masses rather than the upper classes. 

In its first two-and-a-half years, the Allende govern-
ment has managed toaccomplish mostof these structural 
changes. The short..team goals were also fulfilled through 
the middle of 1971 since, at the end of the Frei years, there 
was a good deal of unused capacity in the economy, as 
well as stocks of goods and raw materials and a large 
quantity of foreign exchange reserves. Thus, consumption 
of the lower classes could be increased without major 
:,vestment and without threatening the high level of 
consumption enjoyed by the middle and upper classes. 
After 1971 , however, these factors began to disappear . In 
addition, as the opposition saw its economic privileges 
threatened, it openly created chaos in the economy by 
speculating, hoading, and supporting an extensive black 
market system. 

The United States did not stand apart from this process. 
While its newspapers predicted disaster in the Chilean 
economy, the government and U.S. private corporations 
took steps to produce that disaster. It is no secret that 111 
favored "economically squeezing" Chile in order ' to bring 
down the UP government. The U.S. government may deny 
that it accepted this advice, but the facts prove differently. 
Loans (both bilateral and from multinational organizations 
in which the U.S. plays a decisive role ) were quickly cut off 
to Chile. Spare parts and raw materials which are crucial 
to the Chilean economy were withheld. Public and private 
credits to the government were slashed. 

Recipe For A 

Well-Done Robot 
by 

Walter "Macho" Mitty 
assemble with cheapest available mettles, 
wind up every morning; 
lubricate with process1!d florida 

liquid sunshine, 
stimulate with brazillian bean juice, motivate with freudian 
love formula , program with Daily Trivia fresh off the 
tripewriter 
in a separate mixer supplement programming with " daily 
office routine" and ulcer producing hysterisis in equal 
portions 
add a pinch of variety, a dash of spice. baste liberally with 
assorted liquors, stew fifty to sixty years at a perfectly 
normal temperature 
place in coffin and allow to cool. 

RESEARCH 
MATERIAL 

ALL TOPICS 
ACADEMIC 

RESEARCH LIBRARY 
OF SAN DIEGO 

2145 EL CAJON- BLVD . 
SAN DIEGO , CA 92104 

(714) 291 -6150 
WE ALSO PROVIDE OAGINAL 
RESEARCH ON ANY SUBJECT 

RESEARCH 
ThousandS of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·la-date. 16011'1', 
"lIn order clt.lo,. Enclose $1.00 
to cover posta,e (delivery lime is 
1 to 2 daysl. 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD .• SUITE #2 

LOS ANGELES, CAlif. 90025 
(2 131477-8474 or m ·5493 

Our rtlutCh mat.,1.1 Is IOIG for 
r"llrd u,l,tanu only. 

Letters to the Editor 
Palestinian 

Plight 
October 12, 1973 

As an American student 
from the University of 
California studying in 
Beirut, Lebanon, 1 wish to 
inform students on my 
perspectives regarding 
current issues in the Arab-
Israeli conflict. 

At present the Israelis are 
fighting on two fronts with 
the Arabs fI!f Syria and 
Egypt. In principle the 
Arabs are fighting to win 
back Arab territory which 
became occupied by Israeli s 
in 1948 and 1967 when Zionist-
motivated aggression forced 
the Palestinians from their 
home land. The Arabs 
cannot recognize the State of 
Israel because, in their way 
of thinking, it does not belong 
to the Israelis. 

Whether or not recognition 
of Israel as a state is an 
issue , the plight of the 
displaced Palestinians 
remains one. To see the 
Palestinian refugee camps is 
to see people living beneath 
huma n dignity. At a 
distance, the AmeI'ican 
public is unable to see what I 
have been able to see; two 
and three-year-old children 
begging for pennies, only to 
return to tents that lack the 
facilities that Americans 
lake for granted, disease 
running rampant. The in-
sistence of the Jewish state 
by Israel appears to be as 
unjust, undemocratic, and 
unAmerican as the Nazi 
persecution of the Jews. I 
suggest consideration of 
"Jewish persecution of the 
Palestinians" as an issue. 

With the aid of U.S. arms, 
the Israelis are protected 
aga inst losses of terri tory 
and can possibly gain land. 
U.S. support for Israel is 
prolonging the war while 
concurrently inhibiting the 
Arabs and Israelis from 
rca ching a decisive climax in 
the conflict. As A ra b 
frustra tion mounts, the U.S. 
also risks forfeiture of 
prospective cooperation with 
Arabs in oil dealing, as well. 
The players in this 

wargame are the same as 
those who participated in the 
Vietnam War. The same 
weapons are being used and 
come from the ~a tne sup-
porters. That is to say, the 
same checkers are being 
played on a new checker-
board . Unless we' are 
prepared for another 
Vietma n we must question 
our motives and involvement 
now before we ever take on 
such a committment. 

1 suggest that continued 
support of Israel be 
questioned and that in-
dividuals research further 
before accepting mass 
media information as the 
only basis for analysis. It is 
our responsibility to 
examine the history and 
prinCiples of this conflict 

before committing our 
supportin favor of American 
involvement in Israel. 

Any responses or requests 
for additional information 
are welcomed. 

Candace Havens 
P.O. Box 236/521 

American University of 
Beirut 

Beiru t, I"ebanon 

Lettau 
Disgusted 

Tri ton Times 
Dear Editor, 

Oct. 21, 1973 

Your leading OplnlOn 
article of Oct. 19 (" Losing 
Sleep over Chile") was the 
utterly disgusting a nd 
unanswerable product of a 
really sick John Birch-type 
person. There is, in this 
country, no need to publish 
uninformed , illiterate 
inhumane articles since 
they are available daily in 
the leading newspapers . 
Therefore, your decision to 
invite this barbarian to 
vomit into the Triton Times 
" on a weekly basis" makes 
you r paper into some sort of 
voluntary continuation of the 
former l'ight-wing extremist 
Dimcn~ions - you are 
developing into the mouth 
piece of the fascist avan-
tgarde. 

I do not wish to colla borate 
with a newspaper which 
pra ctices (under the 
pretense of balanced 
presentation of opinions) 
exhibitionism : my poems on 
one side, Gestapo obscenities 
on the other. 

Dr. Reinhard Lettau 

Triton Reply 

The Triton Times is the 
official student newspaper of 
UCSD, and receives 
significant funding from 
student activities fees . As 
such it has the obliga tion to 
serve as an open forum for 
s tudent opinion . 1 regret Dr. 
Lettau's decision, but it is 
inevitable if he insists on 
publishing only in a paper 
that never prints anything 
that offends him. I believe 
that a critical reading of a 
broad spectrum of opinion 
will stimulate more interest 
controversy and learning 
than could be achieved with 
a predicta ble journal of 
approvl::d opinion. 
Publication of a student 
article or letter does not 
imply endorsement by the 
editorial board or by me. I 
might add that I disagree 
strongly with Mr. Soto 
dislike his bloated rhetoric: 
and am printing an article on 
Chileasa rebuttal. -Ed . Dir. 

The Triton Times is accepting the below ad 
from Safepath Stores in line with its open ad 
policy. 

We don't make Halloween Pumpkins 
We don't employ the people who make them 
We are only trying to sell you the Hallowee~ 

pumpkins that you need. 
Yes .. ~e at SAFE.PATH STORES really can't 

help It If our maJor supplier of Halloween 
~umpkins keeps Navajo Indians chained in 
filthy cages, feeds th~m left-over dog food, and 
forces ~hem , on pam of brutal beating and 
starvatIon, to harvest and carve the pumpkins 
that we sell t,) you. We have no ability or right 
to t~ll th , '-.ow to run their business. 

It lS merely our God-given, sacred obligation 
and privilege to bring to You, the consumer 
the highest quality products at the lowest 
possible price. 

We can understand that you may sympathize 
with the plight of Navajo workf>rs, as we do. 

But BOYCOTTS ARE NOT THE ANSWER! 
They merely penalize us for doing the job that 

we have to do. 
If you want change, seek it through 

LEGISLATION. 
Write your congressmen and opinion leaders 

and let them know that you want legislation to 
I protect the Navajo - to require that: 

Colored maids clean their cages at least once 
a month; 

Their chains be kept shiny and rust-free· 
They be fed only high-quality, high nutrition 

Safepath brand dog products; 
Doctors make re~ular check-ups to insure 

that beatings do not lOfliet permanent damage. 
And, above all, let them know that we should 

ouqaw the.renegade Brutus Longfoot, who is 
trymg to stir uf trouble, organizing Indians into 
bands o~ ~ruta savag.es bent on destroying free 
competItion and havmg their own way which 
would mean Higher Prices for You, the Con-
sumer! 

~HOP SAFE PATH 

r---------------------------------------------------~~ 
saNSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 

GARRARD ~L 9JB TU~~ITABLE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cover &·base. Super powerful SANSUI OR 500 , 4 channel quadraphonic AMI 
FM/MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension speakers with 12" 
woofers, 6" midrange & 3" tweeter, in deluxe walnut enclosures. Speakers 
25" high & 40 pounas each. $1100 lisl price, Save $600. Complete or small 
payments. NOW ~ 
O*~t*ft*O SAN DIEGOAUDIOO*O*O*~ 
WEEKllAYS, 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITYAVE .. 287-7830 SAT SU. 10-6' 

Soto Double-
Agent? 

Dear Editor: 
The hypocrisy and illogic 

of l.osing Sleep Over Chile 
(Triton Times, Oct. 9) ex-
c~ds that of anything 1 have 
read recently from the 
radical left , the recent 
"Chilean barrage" in-
cluded. The effect of such an 
article is to discredit the 
cause it espouses. Perhaps 
Jim Soto is secretly an 
Allende fan . 

Sincerely, 
Drew Keeling 

Freshman - Muir 

:Male Dogs 

Oct. 16, 1973 
Editors: 

This is a rebu Ita I to the 
nasty rumour which has 
been infiltrating the minds of 
the Muir youth populace . 

Contrary to popular belief , 
most of the women at Muir 
are not "dogs". In addition, 
we would like to stress the 
irony of the situation, i.e., 
the majority of the canine 
tendencies are attributable 
to the male sector of this 
community . 

This fact is easily 
postulated by simple ob-
servation. For example-a 

fairly typical male student, 
with his Levi 's (or cords for 
special dressing up ) peering 
out through s trings of un-
washed hair, gives off a 
distinctly high school aura . 
Where are the dashing 
collegiate men we dreamed 
of for so many years? " Oh. 

just wait till r get to College, 
a~d leave these simpering, 
pimply-faced puberteens 
behind in the dust! .. echoed 
and reverberated in the 
minds and hearts of the girls 
of America . But alack and 

Con't on pg. 11 

ACTION is PEACE CORPS/VISTA 
Y?ur liberal arts skills in Sociology, 
Hlstory, Psychology, Political 
Science and other subjects are 
needed overseas and here at 
home. Civil Engineering, Math/ 
Science, Education and English 
seniors apply now. 

Revelle Informal Lounge 
or phone 293-5083 

9 a .m. - 3 p.m. 
Oct. 29 - Nov. 2 

TIME 
Magazine 
reports: 

PINKCHABUS 

"Gallo's Pink Chabli 
recently triumphed 
over ten co tlier 
competitor in a blind 
ta ting among a 
panelofwine-indu try 
executive 

OF CALlF O R.NIA 
Mm th," • Rosi, ou r Pink Ch a bli5 is • c.pliOtti", 
lIIIIf rnrbininl Ihe dtlicalt fragrarru of A Sl/ptM IIIi 
.. tit crisp chllrAcltr of /I jint Chllblis. This wi", is. 

~ 111'liliiii hliglttflll (rtalions. Mlldt lind boItItJ •• 
c./I, Vi.nls in Modtsto, elllif. Alcolrol 1 ~ ., .. 

in Lo Ange/e " 
Time Mqalrne NOVf!'mber 27 1972 ~ e8l 

a Rose. 

Page 9, Triton 1m October 26, 1973 



Fans React 

UNTITLED IV 

ObselVation Trials Tomorrow 
Ie Sailing Team Holds First 

Two weeks ago marked a 
decisive turning point in 
sports history. No, it wasn' t 
the world series, the Rams 
winning streak nor the fact 
that two month old Dicky 
Dunkquan picked up a 
baseball in Freeport, 
Wyoming. The event that 
deserves this honor is the 
Great Shea Stadium Riot of 
1973. This was one of the 
most preposterous, 
disgusting, outlandish, 
asinine showings by a sports 
crowd ever-short of the 482 
AD massacre ' of the 
Uquatzan civilization in 
Mexico when a lost Bau-Ball 
game (their version of 
baske tba 11) triggered 
massive riots that destroyed 
the civilization in a day - or 
was it? 

On Satllrday, the UCSD 
Intercollegiate Sailing Team 
will hold its first set of 
"Observation Trials " to 
select representatives to the 
first two events on the 
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate 
Yacht Racing Associations' 
schedule. 

Event one will be open only 
to those people who have not 
previously participated in a 
v ars ity intercollegiate 
regata. It is the Maue Non-

Varsity Cup, to be held in 
Flying Junior stoops 
November 3-4, at Cal State 
Long Beach . UCSD is 
eligible to send up to 5 
skippers for this event, and 
hopefully all 5 berths will be 
filled at the "Observation 
Trials". This event is an 
excellent opportunity for the 
newer people to get the feel 
for intercollegiate com-
petition, and to gain valuable 
experience. 

IM'ROVE your 
ABILITIES thru HYPNOSIS 
D_ RAKOW 281-4586 

COLOR PROtESS1NG BY E~ TMAN ({OOAK 
SALES • REPA IRS. TRADES 

D ISCOUNT PRICES 
.5PE.CIAlIST.5 IN CANON PUOTO&RIH>HIC ~YSl'LMS 

ON~ o~ THE. 'AItt.~ST saLECrlON O~ MIll< ItOOM 
CQUIPMENT ANO SUP9UPS - FEAYUItIN. KlJON<. 

HtrroO>LAPUIC "'" NJU 

I 459-'355 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
77 17 f/>.'( /1.'11:. \ frn Perking" llIIlt ... t) LA .lOLL'" 

Phone: 
(7 14) 280-3483 

The other event we will be 
choosing a team for the Ford 
Trophy eliminations, to be 
held here, No. 10-11, again in 
F .J. Sloops. This is the most 
prestigious team-racing 
event on the Coast. A total of 
4 skipper-crew combinations 
will be needed. 

Observation trials will 
begin a t ten 0' clock, Sat. the 
27th and will continue until 
mid-afternoon. The team 
intends to have competitors 
sail rna ny short informal 
races, and will have them 
trade boats, and switch 
skippers and crews as the 
trials progress. 

Naturally, for major 
events such as the Ford 
Trophy the team will try to 
send the best sailors 
possible. But they also want 
to give as many people as 
they can the opportunity to 
sa il in intercollegia te 
competition. 

Most Regattas of the 
PCIYRA are structured so 
that each school may send a 
total of 4 skipper-crew 
combinations to each event, 
2 being the official varsity 
team, the other being an 
unofficial entry. (They all 
race together however). 

The team will also try to 
have optional semi-
organized practice sessions, 
on Tuesdays, and for those 9f 
you who still have not had 
enough, the boats will be 
available (or individual 
practice weekdays, and on 
non-racing weekends. 

Lots of things are planned, 
and it all starts this 
weekend. 

So, if you're a novice 
sailor, or an experienced 
racer, or anything in bet-
ween, come to the Santa 

What is a sports event 
staged for? There are two 
answers that come to mind 
immediately. The first is for 
the entertainment of the fans 
and the second is to allow a 
small number of people to 
mass great fortunes for the 
mere exploitation of their 
natural talent - although this 
may be related to the 
masochistic feelings of the 
fans making ita subset of the 
first reason. Let's forget the 
second and talk about the 
first. 

"Entertainment" is the 
key word and none can doubt 
that the Shea Stadium fans 
were having massive 
amounts of fun. They were 
all smiling, laughing, 
shouting, manhandling, 
dogpiling, - doing just about 
everything short of murder 
and they loved it. Can you 
blame the fans for having a 
good time? Wouldn't you 
want to get your money's 
worth out of the ball game as 
well as show h'ow 
emotionally happy you are 
and how much you love your 
team? 

Perhaps the answer to 
spectator sports - especially 
as ticket prices continue to 
,kyrocket - is giving the fans 
a chance to act. San Diego 
fans would love a lynching of 

Clara Sailing Facility 
. Saturday, Oct. 'l:l, at 10 a.m. 
If you have any questions, 
call Gary Lee at 453-6007 or 
at UCSD ext. 1044. 

F&F 
Automotive 
Repairs 
vw & Domestic 

Complete Foreig n 
Car Service 

20 % off/students 
3500 EI Cajon B lvd. San D iego, C a lifornia 

Page 10 Triton limes October 26. 1973 

Harland Svare during the 
next Charger - half-time. 
After all, without the fans 
there wouldn't be any sports 
events at all. 

Why not let the crowd get a 
chance to show their 
feelings? What's wrong with 
fans throwi ng money for a 
Reggie Jackson home run? 
How about letting the fans 
put Mike Andrews on the 
disabled list when he makes 
two errors? Who would be 
against throwing the 
Christian to another pack of 
lions if he didn't beat the first 
one by the rules? A little of 
this attitude in the sport's 
world may eventually carry 
over to the political world 
and the problems that face 
our nation now may never 
come about. 

The fans deserve a little 

Rugby Rag 

byl\ktUslm 
something extva - especially 
in games around San Diego 
involving the Chargers, 
Padre's or Wilt's Stilted 
Stilts . After a ll , most of the 
games aren't that exciting, 
so there should be something 
else to draw the fans . 
Perhaps a J;JJoat around the 
stadium fie ld. This ' would 
make it a challenge for the 
fans to get their favorite 
heroes - or goats - to pummel 
them into the ground and 
"express their feelings". 

Sports fans everywhere 
must consider the Great 
Shea Stadium Riot of 1973 as 
a step in the right direction. 
Active audience par-
ticipation is needed to let the 
fans obtain their rights. So 
next time you're at a game, 
let'em know how you feel -
with the eggs, tomatoes or 
whatever else is around. 

Mad Rugger Back 
In the last episode of the 

Rugby Rag , the terminology 
of the game was set before 
you, the readers. Now that 
everyone has had a chance to 
get a grip on their English 
language , it is time to tell 
you of a few scenes to come. 

This year, all will have a 
chance to see the best rugby 
played in California. Not by 
us, but by the powerhouses 
UCSD will be hosting and 
attempting to beat; as the 
Tritons, the winners of the 
small college division crown, 
will play host to UCLA, the 
winners of the large college 
division crown (also the ones 
who will be wearing the 
black hats) in January. 

Before January, !]owever, 
the Rugby Club will join in a 
frollicking, beer-steined 
(and stained) game with 
CSU San Diego on November 
17 (further details later) . 
Also the team will host the 
All-Cal seven-aside Tour-
nament at UC Irvine (try 
and figure that one out, 
folks) in mid-December. 

UCSD has always been a 
big threat in seven-aside 
because of its quick, small, 
hard-ta-catch, not to mention 
good rugby players and they 
plan to take the tournament 
trophy from the big-school 
blowhards - if they dare 
show themselves. 

The major event though 
will something never before 
will be seen at UCSD, ~nd 
your support will be needed. 
From the bowels of the 
Rugby Team will be selected 
25 players to go on a Rugby 
Crusade into England and 
Wales during "The Summer 
of 74." 

If you are a new recruit, 
don 't think you will have an 
equal chance at the tour, 
since all going will be judged 
soley on Rugby worth, and if 
you have memorized last 
Tuesdays article then you 
already have a head start on 
the other members of the 
team. 

Also, your chances will be 
increased by the fact that the 
veteran ranks thin out 
around the middle of the 
season, due to the injuries 
suffered in dangerous games 
like innertube water polo and 
table tennis . So don 't feel 
bashful come out and try. 

As you can see, the year 
ahead has promise for the 
old and new ruggers (ched< 
your definitions for the 
meaning of this one) alike. 

To find out more about this 
group come Tuesday at 7 
p.m. to HI. 1449. If nothing 
else, this is a good way to 
come down off the mid-teJ1l1 
bennies. 

Dogs 
con't from pg. 9 
alas, we have simply traded 
them -for the pseudo-
intellectual Beer Bust Gang 
of UCSD. 

Also, there is a faceless 
mob of borderline cases who 
could be ha lfway decent with 

plastic surgery to all 
strategic locations of the 
body, or major weight loss or 
gain. In addition to this, a 
major overhaul of thoughts, 
vocabularies, and pursuits 
(getting loaded, laid and 
liquored) is in order. 

However, let us not forget 
about the Five Specimens of 
Unadulterated Manhood 
(yes, only five ) who have 
(bless them) decided to 
attend our unworthy 
university. All five of you, 
we are in your debt-because 
without you we wouldn't 
have any means to distract 
our studies or have any 
material for lurid dreams. 
But it is becoming rather 
drab to rotate these same 
five individuals from dream 
to dream. 

Dogmatically yours, 
Two Unstimulated Fresh-

women 

Legal Aids 
Available 
The Beach Area Free 

Clinic-Legal Division is open 
Monday thru Thursday 7:00 
to 9:00 p.m. at 3690 Mission 
Blvd. Mission Beach. 

Attorneys and law 
students are available to 
help anyone who is not able 
to afford a private lawyer. 

The clinic has been in 
operation since 1969. All 
kinds of legal questions have 
been asked but themost 
conunon problems are in the 
area of criminal law, family 
law, small claims and land 
lord-tenant. 

Seminar 
Offered 

Scandinavian Seminar is 
now accepting applications 
for its study abroad program 
in Denmark, Finland, 
Norway, ",,. Sweden for the 
academic year 19711-75. This 
living-and-learning ex-
perience is designed for 
college students, graduates 
and other adults who want to 
become part of another 
culture while acquiring a 
second language. 

An initial 3 weeks 
language course, followed by 
a family stay, will give the 
student opportunity to 
practice the language on a 
daily basis and to share in 
the life of the community. 

For the major part of the 
year he is separated from his 
fellow American students, 
living and studying among 
Scandinavians at a 
" People's College" 
(residential school for 
continuing adult education) 
or some other specialized 
institution. 

All Seminar participants 
meet at the Introductory, 
Midyear and Final Sessions, 
during which the American 
and Scandinavian Program 
Dir tors work closely with 

ANNOUNCEM ENT: 
Chancellor McElroy and the Dean of Student Affairs, 
George Murphy, will address the Undergraduate Student 
Council Monday Night from 6 to 8 p.m. All students &e 
welcome. The meeting will be at 250 Matthews Campus. 

Renaissance Festival 
The Palomar Unitar ian Fellowship, Vista, California, 

will pre~nt a Renaissance Festival Saturday and Sunday, 
October 27 and 28. The Festival will presen~the works and 
wares of dozens of San Diego Cjlunty's finest artists and 
craftsmen in an informal rustic setting. Among those 
already signed up to show their wares are Ken Meyer, a 
popular ceramics instructor at Oceanside High Schod!, 
Georgiana King who will bring her work and the work of 
several of her students at Carlsbad High School, Richard 
Striker from San Marcos who executes unique wood 
designs in wood carvings, Leo Barnett a Silversmith from 
Vista, Rosalie Burris who uses the lost wax technique in 
making jewelry, the Pacific Artisans Guild, and Leo Ward 
who will exhibit his prize winning hand blown glass. 

In addition to the works of the artist and craftsmen 
there will be entertainment from various groups drawn 
from San Diego County. There will be singing, dancing, 
puppet shows, poetry readings conducted at various in-
tervals during the Festival. Homemade and organically 
grown food and drinks will also be sold at the Festival. 

An important goal of the Renaissance Festival is to 
bring together creative people from the Northern San 
Diego County area in a beautiful place. It is hoped that 
through the experience of viewing works of art made 
locally and watching local performers sing, dance and 
express themselves creatively, all who attend will become 
more aware of the stimulating artistic life of our com-
munity. We hope that all who attend will experience a 
joyous rebirth or renaissance through participation in this 
Renaissance Festival. 

There are still some booths available to those desiring to 
display their wares, sell food, or provide entertainment. 
The charge for renting a booth is only fifteen dollars. 
Tickets are available at fifty cents a person or seventy 
five cents per carload. The Festival will be held from 
10 :00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m .. on Saturday, October 27, and from 
10 :00 a.m. to dusk on Sunday, October 28. The Festival 
will be held on the grounds of Palomar Unitarian 
Universalist Fellowship, 1600 Buena Vista Drive, Vista, 
California. From Freeway 78 take the Sunset or Mar 
Vista turn off and follow the signs. For information call 
745-4938. 

Police ••• 
Con't from pg. t 

You have the right to make a telephone call. It is wise to 
let someone on the outside know that you have been 
arrested and the charges you are being held on; arrange to 
be represented by an attorney; & arrange bail. 

Bail Bondsmen will charge, in most cases, 10% of the 
totafamount of bail; so it may be better to spend a day or 
two in jail or try to' get released on your own recognizance 
without any bail. 

You must be brought before a judge within 48 hours of 
your arrest, not counting Saturdays, Sundays or holidays. 

If you need more time to consult with the public 
defender or decide that you will get your own lawyer, you 
may have the hearing postponed for a few days. In most 
cases this would be the best thing to do. 

There is little advantage in copping a guilty plea unless 
you feel that you were caught in the act. In any case be 
sure that you discuss it with your lawyer first. 

Here at UCSD if a student finds himself in legal dif-
ficulty, especially if it leads to an arrest, he should contact 
Ray Levens, who is in charge of Legal Services. 

Levens can help students in a variety of legal areas. A 
week from today, October 30th, he will sponser a seminar 
on consumer's rights and "what to do if you get ripped 
off. II More information wilT appear in the next issue of the 
Triton Times . 

For further information 
please write to : SCAN-
DINAVIAN SEMINAR, 100 
East 85th Street, New York, 
N.Y. 10028. 

each student on matters 
related to his studies, ex-
periences and progress. The 
focus of the Seminar 
program is the student's 
Independent Study Project 
in his special field of in- ................. . 
terest. An increasing 
number of American 
colleges and universities are 
giving full or partial credit 
for the Seminar year. 

The fee, covering tuition, 
room, board, one-way group 
transportation from New 
York and all course-
connected travels in Scan-
dinavia is $3,000. A limited 
number of scholarship loans 
arc avallable. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS ~ 
for service I 

Mon.- at. 
8 :45- 5:30 
losed un . 

233-5481 

" 

Free 
postage 

Only at 
La Jolla Bank & Trust Company 

Plus Saturday hours and longer week-
day hours. 
You'll enjoy the personal, thorough 
service of La Jolla's only hometown 
bank-where we can make decisions 
and give you information immediately. 
The UCSD community is cordially in-
vited to drop in anytime for a cup of 
coffee and a chat. 

IOld&9:mJt,Q 'tJj~ 
We're Here To Stay! 

7946, Ivanho (EI Patio Bwlding ) 
(714 ) 459-9711 

MEMBER F.D.I.C. 

Page 11, Triton limes October 26, 1973 



~~~----~------------______ ~------·Gnnounceme 

Appl ication art' 10" being accepted 
the Muir Provost office ror the 

Quarter MlIIr·Darmouth ex· 
program . Any inlere ted 

shoul" contact Maxine 
lIenry al the M ui r provost office . Ext 
1901. The <k>adline ror submilling 

is Friday Ocl 26. 1973. 
110/216) 

'''Ole U D International Club in· 
V1tes everyone ror a casual corr 
hour. between 4-6 p.m .. every Fri 
lexcept during exam weeks. public 
and school holidays ) at the In · 
ternational Center . There will also 
be a social gathering every f'ri. at 8 
p.m . at the International Center 
Everyone Welcome." l ET) 

PRE·MEDCL BMEETSFri .. Oct.26 
at 7 p .m . in B B 11 OS. Short general 
meeting rollowed by two talks with a 
doctor rrom the American Cancer 
Society concerning cancer and how 
they fight it as well as the Pr('·Med 
Club volunt r program to help them . 
ALSO: A lecture on " Neuroscien es 
and the Future or 1an" by Dr I{ohl'rt 
B Livingston . 110/26) 

Hang Gltours 
Due to the immense popularity or the 
UC D Hang liding club. meml)ership 
is at a temporary rreeze . Today is the 
rm81 date ror paym nt or registration 
rees ror those contacted at last mtg 
Bring checks to Camille al the 'IT 
office B} 500 p m Fri OcI26110/2I6) 

" We F'ight Israel Because It occuple 
our la nd " The Truth Behind the War 

the Mid ·East. Speaker ' Peter Buch. 

. 

services 
DREAM I TERPRETATIO 225-{)119 
( 10/30> 

HA G GLIOI G LESSONS : LEAR 
how to elr soar on the finest wings 
a vailabl . 755-9533 (10/30) 

IS TillS YOUR DAY ? heck your 
Blorhythmn charts Send name. ad· 
dress . birthdate Idaylmolyr ) and $5 to 
the Synergy. Group T. Box 17736. S.D 
92117 and receive your 12 monthl y 
charts (10/261 

Expert TYPing experienced on all 
types or papers . manuscripts Fast. 
excellent grammar and spelltng IBM 

rormer member or a Zionist youth 
orll3nization in Israel. Fri. Oct. 26. 12 
noon Revelle Auditorium tI / L 
Sponsen'll by The Young So<:lalist 
Alllanee ·1 tO/261 

saturday 

will speak. Everyone is welcome. 
Address : the western ('dge or Hevelle 
parking lot . 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive . a t the junction or North Torrey 
Pines Road . 110/26) 

monday 
SAILING TEAM Sat. Oct. TI 10 a .m . Th Department of Literature 
Prelim . Trials Santa lara Pt. All English at the University of Warwick, 
wck'ome. Call Gary 453~. 110/26) England . and presently visiting 

Proressor at the University or Penn· 
Sat. Oct. 27. Rossellini films will be sylvania. who will give a lecture on 
shown in the Art Gallery rrom 4 p.m . to t'ielding. Class ·consciousness and 
II p.m 1260 Humanities Library " POint or View" on Monday . Oct. 29. 
Building . Revelle . Admission is SI for 1973 at 3:00 p .m . in Room 4050 A U B 
U D students and 2 ror non· Bldg Hevelle ollege. Everyon is 
students . Sponsored by Visual Arts cordially invited to attend . (10/200 
and Campus Program Board . '( 10/ 26) 

sunday 
un . Oct 28 Lecture by ROhl'rto 

Hossellini and the screening of hi 
recent film Th Hise to Power or Louis 
XIV 8:30 p m III the Hevelle 
Careteria . Free . SpOnsored by the 
CampUs Program Board and Visual 
Arts . ( 10/26) 

Sun. Oct 28. Screening or the film . 
Rise to Power or Louis XIV and lecture 
by Hoberto Hossellini. Italian film 
director . 8:30 p.m . Hevelle arl'leria . 
F'rreandopen to the public ponsored 
by Visual Arts and CampUs Program 
Board 110/26) 

Sun Oct 28. 10:00 a .m . 1>1lssa Bossa 
ova rolk mass with .Julie Parrish . 

gUitarist. at IlIverslty Luthera n 
Church Campus Pas tor John Iluber 

4124 110/301 

Wanted : medium ·large mens 
longjohns. call Michael at 452·1206 

Double·bed complete . Inexp nsive 
Ilave smgle to trade/sell. EriC 58.1.4)41 
day 110/30) 

Wanted ' Pant'l Truck Paul 452·17:16 
110/301, 

Wanted One sturdy des k Ca li 755· 
1936 II 0/:10 I 

personal 

Representatives rrom COR ING 
GLASS WORKS will be on campus 
Mon . Oct. 29. conducting inlerviews. 
They are looking ror Ph . Ds in 

IJEMI THY . IlEMIC AL 
E GI EEHI G. ELECTHICAL 
E GINEERI G. BI HEMI TRY. 
A D MECIlA lCAL E GI EErtJ G 
to conduct research in chemistry. 
optical comm unications . or bio-
organic t hnology . For rurther mro 
and appointment scheduling come to 
the Career Planning Library Mui~ 
HSS. 6th floor rm 60.13 .( 10/26) 

H 'pres entatlves rrom ACTION 
IV ISTA and PEA E COHPS ) will be 
on campus rrom Mon . Oct. 29 to Fn. 
Nov 2 milkmg inro about their 
programs available . No appointment 
IS requi red · al any lime during Ihl' 
\leek come by the Revelle Inrormal 
Loung Further II1ro IS on file a t the 
('a reer Pla rullng Library. MUIr liS . 
61h noor . rm 0033 111 /2) 

OTII~:H K EE'Tonight IS the Third 
Annual Go Back to laire mont's 
lIomecoming Football Game 
Everyon IS invited to relieve those 
good / bad old days. If you don 't hav 
anything else to do tonight, YOU might 
as well go to the ga me. So put on your 
orange & blue. grab your ravQntc 
whatever . and be at the Madison High 
rootball field berore 8:flO p.m tOlllght. 
B There or hi' SQuare' 

lost & found 
Lost. Reward : Blue courdoroy jacket. 
P () 4554 . 452' 1638110/30) 

LOST ' 10/ 19 Large macrame key 
chain with two keys . 453-9034110/ 30 ) 

e lectric Clalremont area Call MI 
Marilyn at 56l>-70601 10/ 3111 10 CONTHOL : Ir posSible . U' 

Organian method to cease all Terran 
ho s tilitie s. Th a nk s . 
F'EDEHATION l lO/ 30) Pregnant and Troubled? San Diego pro· Lire League can help you find 

al ternatives to abortion Ca ll 85.1· 
LIFE 
110/ 301 

wanted 
Nl~d rid to Solnta Cruz. Thursday 
Oct 25 or Oct 26. will sha/'(' labor and 
gas Cali Mo 4599065 110/261 

Slud!'nt want(od to arrange live cn· 
tertalllment A,k at ('orret' lIut ror 
apPOintment. Will be paid 

WANn:o 1I0r Gul Zu' rali Lloyd al 
4528110f> I J()/'lO I 

The Ski (,halN IS lookll1l! for ski 10 
structor~ Applyat 4U()4 Sports Arl'l1a 
Blvd ( 11)/301 

AltrUists' BI e(IIn l! heart lib ral" 
Will those stude lls. raculty or s tafr 
m'mbcrs currertly Involved 10 any 
proj('(·t which In oliles Ihe helplllg of 
other. please ca l Jim Cravens at 
San DI 110 montt Iy 1:183? I III/26) 

J 

HENT- A- STUD SERVICE. Ch 450 : 
Take your pick of K.F .. D.W .. J ... We 
Pay You I. ";;2·8875 anyti me between 
midnite and 5 a m I w gotta sleep 
days I 1 110/:1111 

Chrisllc. I love yOU and am glad you 're 
here Love. Teddy·bea r (10/30) 

LOST : Mandarin textbook 
" Elementary Chinese" 722·2086 Call 
collect ir long-distance ( 10/30) 

REWARD tslightly used Lik·M·Slick ) 
For info about FrighUy Fragile 
Fantom . 452-{)216 (t0/30) 

LO T: Bausch & Lomb perscnption 
sunglass s sometime Mon. a rternoon . 
('a li Don 75l>-5934I ICi / 30 ) 

Linda . Thanks. needed that FO D' 10-22 bike chain and padlock. 
Laura 110/30) em, hard ned am rlcan made lock . 
Claudia.Enjoy your \lC<'kend'1l0/3()) ca ll 453·7488 ('velllngsl 1(/30 ) 

Fuzz·race I' m gonna get YOU ' tasty 
110130) 
I/YLM I I0/30) 

HEWAHD ror return or maroon and 
~oId fountall1 pen lost on campus Ca ll 
Sue 453.()(l7RI 10/ 3111 

.J &'ott Thompson. TOOa} th(' Wish of LOST S<-I ko stanl,,:;s steel watch n('ar 
happm S~ and love 11O/:SOI MUIr Pool. last \leek Heward' P,'te. 

45.1.7 104 ( 11)/301 
IinJ)t'achmcnt Party Ihls Fri In LI 
W,, 'V!' IOvltl'd the man y 'all ,'om" and 
ml'Ct him Ceko/)ratc"'BYOB I III/:U)I 
fluI!!lY ·SOS. w n('Cd your rrrtllt7er 

I IO/:~II 

S.A W 
To the girl I met Oc tober 12 I have 
lived an IIlrll1lty 111 one short ypar May 
\I It V(' a nd ItVl' through one agam 
F V 110/301 

Sunny·ll oncy· 
Ha ppy 19. conSider you rself With Tiger 
Bite "gned The ('alllll/3()1 

FO NI) mj and dark Blue Pl'n 
ddton I took It to Cluster I lib LOST 
AND FO D JOInt' ! 10/31)) 

FOil J) VW 'a r keys With other keys 
on a nng With leath r s trap 
Illscov('rcd at parklllg lot or 
Universi t y Lutheran Church 
Avallabl III the lounge or church . or 
cull 45:10561 . 45Y 88551 10/20 ) 

housing 
!tAli RAH !tEE KI K ' EM IN TilE Pnva te 110m" Hoom ~'or Hent · Grl'ut 
!tAli HAil Hil S. KICK ' ~;M I Tm: FuclllliC'S on ly $751., mo ~"'ma le 

AMSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 
GARRARD SL 9JB TURN TABLE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle, Dust 
cover & base. Super powerfUl SANSUI OR 500, 4 channel quadraphonic AMI 
FM/MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threcway air suspension speake~ with 12" 

woofe~, 6" midra nge & 3" tweeter, in deluxe walnut enclosures, Speakers 
25" high /Iv 40 pounas ea ch . $1 100 list price , Sav 600. Complete or small 
p yments , NOW ~9lr 
O~~6& ~'~*~ SAN DIEGO AUDIOO*O*O*~ 
WEEKDAYS, 10 - 8 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .287-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-6' 

Page 12, Triton limes October 26, 1973 

Representatives from ROHM " HA 
O. will be on campus Moo. Oct. 29. 

conducting interviews . They are 
looking ror Ph. D.s in CIIEMI TRY 
and CHEMICAL ENGINEEHING to 
t'Onduct ba i and applied researt'h . 
For rurther inro . and appoint. 
scheduling come 10 the areer 
Planning Library . Muir HSS. 6th floor . 
rm 6033. 
(J0/2I61 

nlor Meeting . Employment arter 
Grad4aUon : The Day You 're On Your 
Own. 7'00 p .m . in AP&M 12M . Hm 
2113. Moo Oct. 29 (10/26) 
ATTENTION ALL TRIT N TIMES 
STAFF' MEMBERS ! There is a 
general staff meeting Ihis Mon. Oct. 29 
at !0 :00a .m . It will b!!held in the office 
and is mandatory .( 10/26) 

general 
BLACK GO PEL CHOIR : meet 7:00 
pm. Tues .. Winzer Commons Lounge 
B B 1st rt. M.C. For Inro. 11 Michelle 
45.1·6635( ET) 

KAHATE·KAS : Ir you want your 
AAKF' cards and certificates Idating 
from 197I ·Aug . 30. 1973 ) hi' at gym 's 
main floor each Thurs .. 34 pm . or 
come to 519 Drake lIall. MC. 453· 
9132(10/ 216 ) 
Those interested in lacro ·se . com" 10 
th first meeting on Tues 0 '1. :10 in 

SB 3060 at 7:00 ror enrollment or 
players. 110/ 26 ) 

SE JOn 1EETING " Employment 
After Grad uation : The Day You 'r On 
Your O\ln" 1' 00 pm. In Conrerence 
Hoom Fn Oct 26 Imporlant inro 
aboul the current job market. hiring 

Pror 292· 9739 ( 10 /26) 
Hoomate. own room in large . :1 brm 
Ca rdirr house. pets 5711 00 mo eve. 753· 
0:146C1 0/30) 
Hooma le wanted share 3 bdrm 
townhou. close to CS D call vinny or 
bill 453·7367 ( 10/261 
Need a place to live Iii end or Quarter? 
('a ll 75&-6.';94 aftl'r 6 p m . lDel Mar 
area ) 110/30) 
I{oomate K>ded . Sepera le room . 
Non -smoker prererred . call 4811·9'.138 
Bob or Earl IPIO/ 26 ) 

Hoom ror rent in 3 bedroom occanview 
home $li.1. mo. We do Yoga . 2043 
Edinburg SI. Cardirr 110130 ) 

~'ahulous older home to sha re with 
right person or couple Lots or room . 
Ca ll 283-4122 or 297-o288( 10/30) 

ced remale rmte. to share part rurn . 
2 bd apt. . 0 I Mar near beach . Elai ne 
755-0517 110/30) 

for sale 
American Indian J ewelry Show and 
Sa le Sat·Sun . Octoher 27·28. 15% 
di scount on all Jewelry . TilE 
PLEBIAN 834 Kline Street La Jolla 
454 · 18811110/261 

Fender " Villager" Guitar! 12 s tring ) 
With Plush liard Case Like N w Cond 
$199. 
274-413S( 10/30) 

('ALC LATO RS! $39.95 pockClsize 
add. sub . multi . divl. Ca ll P aul. 755-
6151 cven~ (10/30) 

Sklls SI80-n w Ken nisei & H xl Sta~ 
(' m Solomen 505 bindings Frank 452 
8655110/30) 

'01 t'ord Wagon $395. great ror cam 
ping arpeted & enc lased . rack. hitch 
& s td . eQpls. 452-{)706 110/30) 

SIC195/0 rr to own '67 Ford P U 1/2 ton . 
V8. w/campcr , hell. hitch carpeted . 
grea l cond 452·0075 Dave . 1101:10 ) 

TEN IS !tA KETS ' Wilson TIOOO 
DaVIS claSSIC' SI5 ea. SUIU'SOAHD 
6'5" 21" Wid : SI5 Glen 453 

trends . what jobs are available and 
stratcllies rorgetting t!lem . All nlors 
welcome and urged to attend . 110/26) 

SENIORS : COLLEGE MEETING 

ilepresentatives rrom ELECTRON 
DATA SYSTEMS will be on 
Thur Nov . I. conducting imc·rvllews. 
They are looking ror BAs and MAs 
ANY MAJOH . prererably MATII 

OMPUTER SC IENCE for some 
positions . Positions orrered are : 
Systems Engineers. Operations. and 
Recruiting. For rurther inro. 
appoint scheduling come to the 
Planning Library . Muir IISS. 6th floor. 
rm 6033. (10/30) 

s tudenls . raculty . & stafr for 
discussions on "Graduate school : Are 
you sure you're going to get in' Wed. 
Oct. 31. 4:00 • 6 :00 p.m. Revelle HL 
Annex C14491. Introduction by Dr. 
Ledden. Friday. Oct. 26. 1:00 . 3:00 
p.m . Matthews Campus Conrerenee 
Room A Introduction by Dr. Mort 
Shaevitz Director of Career Planning 
& Placement. Mon. Oct. 29. 7:00 · 9:00 Representatives rrom the 
p .m .; Muir AP/M 92A 2113. In. ENERGY COMMISION will 
trOOuctlon by Dr. Daniel Munoz, campus Fri. Nov. 2. conducting 
Counselor at Muir College. (10/30) terviews. They are looking for 

1'1IIHD OLLEGE TUDENT· 
S/PHOVO T RAP SESSION . Provost 
Walson will be meeting with all Third 

ollege Students on Tues. Oct. 30. at 
3:30 p.m. in the Ree . Center Bldg. 711 
Matth w.. FINAN IAL AID OF· 
FICE representatives will attend and 
explain their policies , procedures and 
allocation schedule~ and answer 
general Questions. ( 11 / 30 ) 

Representatives rrom ION 
COMPANY will be on campus Wed . 
Oct. 31. conducting interviews. They 
are looking ror Ph . D.s in 
CHEMISfRY to conduct polym r 
andlor hot melt adhesives research . 
For rurth r inro . and appoint 
scheduling come to the Care r 
Planning Library . Muir IISS. 6th floor . 
rm 0033 .1 10/ 30) 

AMES F'ILM SERIES Fall Quarter 
schedule (t073) Oct. 30 Eulerian and 
LaGrangian Des. In Fluid Mechanic 
FlUid Mechanics Film . ov . 6 
Deronnation or Cont. Media Fluid 
Mechanics Film . Place: Room 2622 

SB TIME : I :00-2 :00 Day Tu (11 /6) 

and MAs in PHYSICS. ECONOMICS. 
and technical fields : ror work in a 
variety 0( positions. F'or rurther Inro 
and appoint scheduling come to the 
Career Planning Library . Muir HSS. 
6th floor , rm 0033.( 11/2) 

Representatives from the 
COLLEGE OF LAW will be on 
rrom 9 a .m. to noon Tu Oct. 30. They 
a re interested primarily in com· 
municating their graduate programs 
to minority s tudents . 0 appOintment 
is required - come by Conrerence 
Room B in the Chancellor's Complex. 
Furth r information available at the 
Ca reer Planning Library . Muir IISS. 
6th floor. room 0033(10/30 ) 

urgent! 
UH(;ENT: Will the person In 
brown !>.eed coal . carr) ing a 
ca~e who" Itnessed the car a 
on Torrey I'ines ltd .. Wed . Oct. 
about noon jusl oulsldr Ihr III. parki 
101. 1.lease call Sandra Grigg a! th~ I 
dept. 

4800(10/30) Krall ·Trivelpicce : Principle or 
ew . S20 453 · pla s ma physics . 

AM- FM T ER Larayette 725A "ith 6178110/ 30 ) 
center and s trength meter . muting . 
etc . 75&-6536110/ 30) 

Pa ramount Tenor Banjo Wm Lang 
'tyle B gold ·mint $350 Rare Bacon & 

Day. Clean $150 577·5797 ( 10/30) 
'65 Dodge Coron t : power str brks : 
a uto trans. air : radio tires $200 or 
orrer . Call 488·9779 ev s .I IO/ 30 ) 

PHILIPS 212 electronic turntable w. 
Stanton 68tEE and extra s tylus. 75l>-
6536110/ 30) 

SAE PHEAMP ror sale. new with 
warranty $200 75&-6537( 10/ 30) 
750 c .c . Norton Commando. 1971 Black 
Roadster . Clean. only 5000 mi. $850! ! ! 
43&0632(J0/ 30) 

Simon and Schuster 's Int rnational 
Dictionary. English/ panish /English 
SIO.New. 453~1781 10 /30) 

3' x 5' blue rormlca top dlllnelte (able. 
clean $15 Eves 272-6229( 10/30) 

Ford pickup : good mech condition 
best orrer over $400 45!}-8822( 10/30) 

'64 Studebaker Commander SI75 or 
b t orrer . T!!rry 454·5830( 10/30) 

'6.1 hevy. 4dr v8 283 GOOD H 
ING CONDo aJO$ Call a rter 6 p.m 

Craig 488-85711 10/30) 

For Sale : 1963 Gilera Motorcycle. 
3twlcC Hun.~ Good $90. a II 1487·28421 
arter 6:30 or Evelyn at x· I561 9·1 Fri. 
( 10/ 30) 

Biology Today $10 RM Books Glen at 
278·8174 MWF after 6 110/ 30 ) 

I n : H ATIONAL THAVEL ALL 
$,175 or bes t orrer . Hoor ra k . ew 
tires good c ondition 272 9810 
ev s 110/30) 

Halicgh Super Course. exccll. F'nt & 
Bck lite . Hack. Pump. & Extras SI. 
firm 23Hi057 7:00 p.m.( IO/ 30) 

Homemad camper : si nk . stove . 2 
large doubl bunks. S45422·2514! 10130) 

Surfboards : S'7" good ror beginners. 
good shape . $30 Also G&S.7 1/2. S45 75l>-
5797 ( 10/30) 

FOR SALE : SSR Turntable with 
Shure cartiridge and Dust 
Cover.S55.00 new. yours ror ·S40.00 453· 
5200. nights . weekends .OO/30) 

!968 Triumph Datona motorcycle 
Clean: low mileage . orill. owner $650. 
488-4285 (10/30) 

travel 

FLiGIlTS YEAR ROU D 
Europe . Orl nt. I rael. Africa . Also 
one·ways . Spec. XMAS fl . to LON· 
DON. M NI II. TQKY . Sin e 1959 
ISTC. INC . 323 N Beverly Dr 
Beverly Hills. Ca . 90210. ph (2 13) Til>-
8100 ( 11 /30 ) 

E HOPEA HAHTEHS Several 
W [suit Diving Thickness medium sch 'dules aVai lable. T achers Scr· 
size. not worn onen asking $25. Jim at vices 4626 Vista Long B 'ach 90003 433· 
452. 1655 (10/30) 1134 ( 11 /2) 

M ST SELL Fischer Superglass 
HSL 205 em Never used . No bindings 
$85 459·0053110/ 30 ) 

ricntal Hugs Ca ll 453·2000 Ext Tl50 
Eves. 755·3783 ( 10/30) 

FOH SALE : 1968 VW Poptop ('all1per 
11971 80 liP engine) She 's Beilutlrul 
'2.IMHI.IMI 7,;;,-119~ a rll'r ;,( 111/:1(11 

CAMP S TRAVEL SEltVI E SCD. 
INTEIlNATIO AL CENTEll 10· 12 
a .m 2·5 p.m . 452.()(',11I Chnstma .. 

hart rs to New York . Chicago. 
M('xlco ('ity . The Bahamas 110/301 

ElJn()p~~ - ISHAEL · AF'R ICA Stud nt 
"'ltghL~ ;111 year round . CO TA T 
IS A' 0035 UniverSity Ave o. II San 
Dlel!o. Calir 92115 TEL: (714) 287·3010 
or 12131 82WJ55 ( 11 / 15) 

5 NSUI. GARRARD. 
12" WOOF.R. 

SANSUI + GARRARD + 12" WOOFERS. We fcature, in limited quamity, 
Sansui's 210 super powerful AM-F M-MPX receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
multi-speak ' r air suspension enclosures with 12" wooters & ::> year guaran-
tee. Garrard's professional series changer with diamond needle & canridge. 
List .320, Now $22 1-1 . Lo Dn. EZ terms, or trade-ins. Only .221 COMPLETt: 

we~~~~ys O*8~~~~~~~~~ e*O at. & Sun. 10-6 


