
'I 

New Financial Aids Picture Due to Federal Reorganization 
Rick Drom 

Financial Aid to students has been 
reorganized under the Nixon ad-
ministration, according to larry 
Dreyer, director of Financial aid at 
UCSD. 

In a seminar held Wednesday, 
Dreyer told students that, "the finan-
cial aid plan for students is better in the 
long run, but all mixed up now." 

President Nixon abolished 
Educational Opportunity . Grants and 
National Student Defense loans last 
summer. In its place he set up a Basic 
Education Opportunity Grant (BOG) 
system. 

Under the old system federal money 
went to the schools, based on their 
predicted enrollment. Because of this 
some schools now have more money 
than they deserved due to the 
disparity of predicted and actual 
enrollment. Other schools, like UCSD, 

have an acute shortage of federal 
money. 

Under BOG the federal government 
will, in essence, give money directly to 
students. They will each receive a letter 
stating "how much they are good for", 
according to their financial need. 

Next year's budget for BOG is set at 
$622 million , more than the old 
programs were allotted for this year's 
expenditures. 

Tt-e problems with BOG are that the 
mechanisms to implement it have not 
yet been set up. Students don 't know 
where to apply for BOG and schools 
don't know how much they will get in 
grant money. 

Under BOG students are not 
restricted to universities or colleges, 
but may use a BOG grant to go to 
technical schools as well. Because of 
this, the demand for BOG money is 
expected to exceed the money 
allocated for the program. 

According to Dreyer, the finan cial 

aid picture at UCSD, like most schools, 
is anything but clear. 

Who is e ligible for BOG money? 
When should they apply for it? How 
much can a student e xpect to receive? 
Questions like these still must be 
answered; hopefully in the next few 
wee ks. 

This year UCSD received a to tal of 
$2.3 million in financial aid; $800,000 
was from the governme nt. But under 
BOG no one has an y real idea as to 
next year 's federal contribution . 

In the discussion with Dreyer, he 
pointed out that his office is confide nt 
that it will be able to meet all of 
UCSD's stude nts' needs next yea r. But 
he emphasized that each case may not 
be the most pleasing to students. 

Due to a constant limitat ion of funds, 
students will not always be able to get 
full finan cial grants. Instead the finan-
cial a id package for a student might 

a lso be com posed of Work Study 
money and loans. 

If nothi ng else is available, Dreyer 
said that there would always be loan 
money available. Interest would be low 
on these commcercial bank loans and 
wouldn't have to be paid off until 
graduation. 

Even though BOG may not be 
clea red up until September, the finan-
cial aid office at UCSD hopes to be 
able to tell students by May what kind 
of financial aid they can expect next 
year. 

But in order for students to receive 
financial aid at UCSD, they must bear 
this in mind. Financial aid applications 
at UCSD must be turned in by March 
15th, this Thursday, in order to receive 
financial aid next fall. 

Any questions concerning financial 
aid should be addressed to the finan-
cial aids office at 213 Matthews Cam-
pus. The director is larry Dreyer, 
X1946. 

Volume 18, Number 19 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, March 13, 1973 

Khan Denied Tenure by Lit. Dept. 
Laura Scudder 

Ismith Khan , Assistant 
Professor of Literature in 
Thir d College and a 
working writer, has bee n 
denie d tenure by the 
Literature Department. 

Khan came to UCSD last 
year. His qualif ications in-
c lude d t e n year s of 
teaching in the New School 
for Social Research in New 
York, and the publications 
of two novels and several 
sho rt stories . 

Kh a n originally wa s 
asked to UC Berkeley as a 
visiting lecture r. Wishing to 
furt he r explore California, 
he sent letters to find a 
position and was soon con -
tacte d by the UCSD 
Literature Department. 

Khan claims that be was 
given definite expectation 
of te nure by Robert Elliott, 
th e n chairman of the 
Literature Department, in a 
telephone conversation . 
Based on these "specific 
and concrete" promises, 
and also on an interest in 
the development of the 
Thi rd College Department 
of l iterature, Khan re-
jected an offer from Stan-
ford and agreed to come to 
UCSD. Elliott, commenting 
on the alleged promises of 
ten ure, states that he made 
no promises. He said that 
any time 'a person is hired 
into the department, the 
hope and expectation is for 
ten ure to follow , but 
sho uld follow only on 
proof of ability . Elliott 
stressed that the granting 
of tenure is not the chair-
man's decision alone. 
. Current Department of 

literature Chairman An-
drew Wright declined to 
comment on the case. 

Khan was placed in level 
ix of the department, 

m aning that he became 
an assistant professor 
without the process re-

: ' 

Ismith Khan, professor of Literature , has been 
denied tenure by his department. 

quiring many years to rise 
to that position . Khan 
states that this placement 
was made because of his 
high recommendations. 

Elliott , agreeing that 
Khan 's considerable ex-
perience and level of 
teaching at other in -
s titutions were the 
recommendations for his 
placement, also points to 
the fact that Khan is older 
than the average candidate 
and that step six would 
have given him a chance to 
prove his abilities in a 
shorter time . Another 
observer of the case com-
mented that step six 
allowed the department to 
give Khan a higher salary 
without specific commit-
ment to grant tenure. 

Khan cam to the un-
iversity totally unfamiliar 
with procedures and says 

that no attempt was made 
by the department to in-
tegrate him into their ac-
tivities, and that his duties 
were never explained. Ac-
cording to Khan , he ap-
proached the tenure 
proceedings without the 
knowledge, for example, 
that he needed five letters 
of recommendation to pre-
sent to the ad hoc com-
mittee considering hi s 
case . He was told this 
" purely by accident", and 
too late. 

He was denied tenure 
and has been told various 
reasons for this denial, in-
cluding the alleged poor 
quality of his teaching and 
of his published works. He 
has written letters to Vice -
Chillncellor Paul Saltman 
asking for an explanation, 
whi c h Saltman says he 
plans to answer . 

Meanwhile, Khan has in-
stituted an evaluation of his 
work by his students. 

When asked to comment 
on the reasons for his 
de nail of tenure, Khan 
stated , "Third College has 
been truncated" by the ad-
min istration, "now COI1-
cerned with a fourth and , 
ult imately, a fifth college." 
Kh an was, in his view, a 
victim of this disinterest in 
Third College. Khan also 
cites the poOr communica-
tio n between the literature 
De pa rtm e nt a nd Third 
Co llege, as another reason 
for the denial. 

The re is no evidence that 
th e com m it tee's 
reco mm e nd atio n was 
mad e o n a p e rsonal or 
polit ica l basis. In fact, Kh an 
admits that he is not a 
polit ician, but rather an ar-
tist and a teacher. O ne 
observer commented, "A 
sad precede nt has been 
made because a creative 

. write r, rather than a crit ical 
writer, has been de nied 
tenur ." 

Khan 's contract has been 
exte nded one more year. 
Whe n that time e xpires, he 
has be en asked to leave. 

Khan 's contributions to 
the University whi le he re 
have included te aching in 
the Third World Stud ies 
program, forming a course 
on Car ibbean lite rat u re, 
teaching creative writing 
courses, involving himse lf 
in e xpanding the scope o f 
library material , bringing 
Samue l Selvon to lecture 
during fall quarte r, 1972, 
and participating in th 
format ion of Third College. 
He was the recipient of an 
award from th National 
endowment f,or th e 
Humanities and one of his 
works, record d by th 
British Broadcasting Cor-
poration, was broadca t by 
th University radio ta -
tion , KSDT. 

Revelle College 
Government 

Rick Drom 
Many at Revelle have little knowledge of their 

student government. For (hem RCCA probably ~ounds 
like another veteran 's group, rather than the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs. 

RCAA consists of 6 students, 3 fa culty members, the 
college dean and the resident dean . They meet oncp 
each week to make Revelle policy decisions and 
allocate Revelle's share of the vending mach ine's 
profits. 

This year's student members are Arlene Kumamoto, 
Dan Francis, Mark Robertson, Hannah Cohen, Rick 
Drom and Chris Hammel. Sandy Shane, Robert Void 
and Bob Kavanaugh are the faculty members. Ern ie 
Mort is the dean and Mary Pates is the Re ident dean . 

This year's budget was larger than usual , $8,240, 
because much of it had been saved from last year. As of 
now they have spent about $4,429 of this money in a 
variety of areas. 

Because the Committee wants each student at 
Revelle to know where this money was spent, it would 
be best to just list all the expenditures and where they 
went. 

Around $1,000 is being spent to buy a large screen for 
the Revelle cafeteria and a 16-mm projector. $750- to 
run an extensive survey of Revelle students' tastes and 
interests. $550- Revelle's share of a high school 
tutorial progam. $500- to support the Revell e Gue t-
in-Residence Committee. $465- to create a cript 

Continued on page 9 

UCSD Sex 
Counseling 

Greg Mo er 



Finals Week Library Hours 
CENTRAL LIBRARY CLUSTER BIOMEDICAL 

Mar ch 12-15 
8a.m.-11 p.m. 8a .m.-IIp.m. Me,n.-Thurs. 8a.m.-11p.m. 

March 16 
8a.m.-10p.m. 8a .m.-11p.m. Fri. 8a.m.-11p.m. 

March 17 
9a .m.-10p.m. 9a.m.-5p.m. Sat. 9a.m.-5p.m. 

March 18 
1p.m.-12p.m. 2p.m.-11p.m. Sun. lp .m.-11p.m. 

March 19-22 
8a .m.-12p.m. 8a .m.-1 1p.m. Mon.-Thurs. 8a.m.-11p.m. 

March 23 
8a.m.-10p.m. 8a.m.-11p.m. Fri . 8a.m.-6 p .m. 

March 24 
9a.m.-Sp.m. 9a.m.-Sp.m. Sat . 9a.m.-5p.m. 

Policy Change 
A notice concerning a recent change in our grading 

policy was mailed to all students with Fall Quarter, 
1972, grades. Apparently thi~ notice ca~sed some 
misunderstanding. The follOWing explanation should 
cla rify the new policy : 

Undergraduates may repeat courses only when 
grades of D, F, or N~ we~e received . When a p, F,.or NP 
course is repeated and IS one among the first sixteen 
(16) units repeated , the original course, grade, and 
grade points will be expunged from the student's 
permanent record. In the case of repetitions be~ond ~6 
units, the original course, grade, and grade pOints vo:'lli 
remain on the permanent record and the grade pornt 
average will be based upon all grades assigned and 
total units attempted . D or F grades may not be 
repeated on a P/ NP basis. 

Cal-Pi rg's Elections 
All UCSD students who are in-

terested in Cal-Pirg and would like to 
help it succeed next year, are urged to 
apply for membership on the Cal-Pirg 
Board of Directors. 

Cal-Pirg (C alifornia Public Interest 
Research Group) at UCSD will have 
e lections for members to this board 
the second week in April. In order to 
appear on the ballot, students must 

send in an application by March 14th, 
tomorrow. 

All students at UCSD are eligible to 
be on the board and all students who 
apply will have their names on the 
ballots. 
More information about Cal-Pirg and 

the upcoming elections can be ob-
tained from Dan Franklin, executive 
director of Cal-Pirg, at 236-1509 or 
from the Fishbowl at Muir, X1030. 

Lobbyist Positions Available 
A number of internship oppor-

tunities are cur rently available to 
UCSD sophomore and juniors who 
wish to do important work with the UC 
Student Lobby, as well as with other 
public interest organizations such as 
the Sierra Club , National Organization 
of Women, Zero Population Growth, 
Amcri :al1 Civil Liberties Union and 
Comrr Or) Cause. A student lobbyist 
sp nd' one or two quarters in the State 
Capit(.1 advocating legisla t ion and 
gainin~ valuable CXp"~IIfP to the state 

government process : it is an ideal 
"classroom" for those who wish to 
pursue careers in law and politics. 
Credit is available through a variety of 
mechanisms (including independent 
study and field research) , as well as a 
rent stipend and some traveling ex-
penses. Internships for next quarter 
begin April 2. Those interested should 
contact Stephanie Harris by leaving a 
message with EDNA (xl176 or 453-2362) 
right nowl 

"Page 21riton times Tuesday, Marc~ 13, 1973 
, . 

SCRIPPS 

8a.m.-11p.m. 

8a.m.-11p.m. 

9a .m.-5p.m. 

1p.m.-9p.m . 

8a .m.-11p.m. 

8a .m.-11p.m. 

9a.m.-5p.m. ~ltILI~'(Jrltl[) ~ltil()ll2lr~ 
Odds and Ends 

What counts? .. : .... ... Why? People in the center of 
things will respond to this question in t~e . S~ring 
Quarter's Society and Human Values, lnterdlsclP.llnary 
44 course on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2 until 3:30 
p.m. 2A 2113. . . 

Dr. Paul Saltman, Vice Chancellor AcademiC Affairs, 
will give the keynote talk course on "Biology and 
Mysticism", it was announced today by Terry Lynberg, 
course coordinator. 

Other key persons in this visiting lecturer's course 
include Dr. Jacob Bronowski (Salk I nstitute, seminar 
author in the subject, Science and Human VAlues) on 8 
May. 

PSYCHOLOGY TODAY's Editor in Chief, T. George 
Harris, will speak May 24. Other visiting lecturers 
include Dr. Jerry Farber (author of The Student as 
Nigger, The University as Tomorrowland) Episcol?al 
Bishop Daniel Corrigan, former Judg7 ~oger Ruffin, 
City Attorney John Witt, and I ndustrrallst Charles J. 
Detoy. 

Among the UCSD Faculty who will lead the course 
discussion, Dr. Herbert Marcuse will speak June 7, Dr. 
Walter Munk (Scripps, Geophysicist)' Dr. Aaron 
Cicourel (Sociology), Dr. Martin Chamberlain, Dr. 
Michael Soule, and Rabbi Penner. 

Although negotiations have yet to be completed it is 
expected that Congresswoman Bela ~bz~g of New 
York will speak via telephone communications system 
from her office in Washington, D.C., 5 June . 

The course will be meeting in 2A-2113 on Tu~sdays 
and Thursdays, 2-3:30 p.m. For information about the 
course, call ext. 1943. • 

Spring Contemporary Issues 
Contemporary Issues will be offered 

in the Spring Quarter 1973. Enrollment 
for each research group will be very 
limited so please come to t~e office, 
Room 2105, Building 2D, MUir to Sign 
up for the section which in.te.rests yc;>u . 

Contemporary Issues sections give 
the undergraduate student an oppor-
tunity investigate and research, both 
as individuals and as part of a small 
group, an area of contemporary con-
cern . 

The Discussion Leaders and their 
topics are: 
Hiram Agdeppa. 

Religious Issues. 
Ian Boase. 

Centering: The University, Lear-
ning and Social Change. 

Linda Boelhauf. 
Livelihoods and the Cou nter-

Culture. 
James S. Cantor. 

Choosing a Fantasy Life: a guide 
for the perplexed in the New 
World Aquarius . 

Dale Fleming. 
The Condition of the Elderly in 

Modern American Society. 
Simeon Greenstein. 

Love and Romance : A 
tr.anscendental and cross-cultural 
look. 

Gary Gregg. 
The concept of Freedom in the 

Twentieth Century. 
Chris Hagen. 

Hermann Hesse and Erik H. 
Erikson : Hesse's dynamic per-
sonality in his works . 

(' 

Cashie Icenogle. 
The social and psychological 

aspects of teaching and learning. 
Cynthia Kunke. 

Male-Female Alliances. 
Tom Lloyd. 

Masculinity and its refinement in 
a changing society. 

Vince Massulo . 
Psychotropic Drugs and the Ner-

vous System. 
Kim Robinson . 

Styles in Science Fiction. 
Rita Rozran . 

Sexual Ethics : The literary mode, 
and the moral codes. 

Vic Salerno. 
Getting into Speech (and its 

often unrecognized meta -
communicational aspects). 

Matthew Symmonds. 
Con Conflict and Competition; 

contemporary examples of social 
alild anthropological theory. 

Robin Willis. 
The Children of Frankenstein, or, 

The Steamroller's got us by the 
heels. (The study of "human 
values" in our modern 
technocratic society.) 

The first meeting will be on Monday, 
April 2 at 7: 30 PM in USB 2622, at which 
time the Discussion Leaders and sma ll 
groups will decide when they want to 
meet . However, PRE-ENROLLMENTIS 
SUGGESTED, and it is ecommended 
that you sign up for the section of your 
choice before the first meeting . For 
further details contactlrene Villanueva-
Smith in Contempora ry Issues, Room 
2105, Building 2D, Muir (Ext. 1949) . 

Low Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 

policemen who were to watch all the checmical supply 
houses in the city. . 

About two o'clock Sunday we got a radio message 
from Patrolman Hanley. He had spotted the suspect 
and was trailing him . The suspect was heading east and 
appeared to be going to' an airport. We knew that as 
soon as he turned onto the road that was marked 'This 
way to the airport.' 

"Don't frighten him, Hanleyl Give him lots of slack. 
We want to catch him in the act. Got that, Hanley?" 

"Got ya, pal. 10-41" 
"10-4," I quipped . 
"Bland," I suggested, "look over the equipment and . 

make sure we've got it all. Call it off." I 

Peters began spraying at the far end of the field and 
we stood up to get the pictures. I managed to get a few 
shots before he saw us. 

" Whatever happens," I shouted to be heard above 
my voice, "keep filming him, Blandl" Bland nodded. 

When he saw us, Peters jerked the plane up and 
looked as if he'd get away. Almost as an afterthought, 
he brought it down again . I couldn't figure out why he 
was playing into our large, though' sens itive, hands. 

With the speed born of years of exper ience, I loaded 
the bazooka ana waited till ne was directly over our 
heads. He came on fast. Right at eighty degrees he 
dropped the entire load of sodium and at ninety 
degrees, I fir ed. 

Siagnet - Part Two 
"Let's see ... fragmentation grenades; bazooka and 

two rounds ammo; rifles; cameras; tripod; rope ... " 
"Rope'O" I asked, puzzled . 
Bland looked up. "You know, to tie him to the ski 

I don 't know if you've ever noticed it or not, but 
when the head is tilted all the way back, the mouth has 
a tendency to open fairly wide. 

Bland and I noticed pretty quickly. 

See March 2 Edition for Part 1 racks," he said, pointing to the roof. Together, w~ must have swallowed a few handfuls of sodium nitrate. A vague memory about sodium nitrate 
and its affects came to mind. I couldn't exactly 
remember, though. It either had something to do with 
nudist camps or Army food ... I gave it up. 

"Oh." 
We finally learned that the chemical was sodium 

nitrate. It is used for, among other things, preserving 
food. This is, of course, in small amounts. In large 
amounts it will completely arrest plant development. 
Not the most potent herbicide, but effective enough. 

He returned to the job. " We)!, I guess it's all here." 
Then I started the car and we pulled out of the 

intersection. 

Bland called all the chemical suppliers. One, 
Paraclete Chemicals, reported someone had recently 
pur.:hased a large amount of sodium nitrate. Bland and 
I went down to get a descriptio_no 

(Grand Funk at full volume : " Dah-da-dah-da h.") 
Hanley's directions were good and soon we were in 

the parking lot of the landing strip. 

Bland and I hunched over and coughed for two or 
three minutes before we could talk. 

" Llgogetmm l" I said. 
"Okay, Hanley, which plane is he in?" Bland asked. 
Hanley pointed to an orange and g reen number 

taxiing up to the runway. 

Well, maybe it was four minutes . 
"Let's go get him," I said to Bla nd. 
We stumbled to the plane, about 50 yards away. 

"Okay, buddy," I said, "what's he look like?" Bland and I moved fast. 
"Well, it just so happens I'm an artist," the manager 

said. In no time at all he whipped off a drawing of the 
suspect. 

I was a little suspicious of a store manager who could 
just sketch people at will. Bland gave me the eye; he 
was suspicious too. 

We devided up the equipment. Bland took the 
grenades, bazooka, rifles, ammo, cameras, and tripod. I 
took the rope . Quickly, we moved out to the cornfield 
Salt Peters was about to spray. 

I grabbed Peters' arm. It came off in my hands. " Let's 
go, Petersl" 

Other than the arm, he was all right. A little dazed, 
maybe, but okay. 

After a few minutes of struggle, we tied him to the ski 
racks. We had a little trouble with the stump, though. "Hey, Joe? I think we'd better put on-" 

" How can you draw a man you've only seen once?" 
asked Bland. 

"Shh!" I hissed . "Not so loud . Even the corn has 
ears." 

Finally we got started. " Bleed on the roof, Peters, and 
it's curtains!" I told him. " We 'll take the long way 
back! " Just then the plane buzzed over on the last approach. 

"It just so happens that I have a photographiC 
memory," the man replied . 

Well, of course, that explained it. 

I hurriedly set up the still camera while Bland took the 
movie camera. So far Peters hadn't seen us. He was 
either as blind as a wombat or we were lucky. 

It was an empty threat, though. I had to go. 
Bad. 
(Romper Room Rhythm Band : " Dah-da-dah-dah .") 

(Chorus of Jew's harps in three part harmony: "Dah-
da-dah-dah.") 

The manager's sketch was copied and passed out to 

Peripheral Parkin.g? 
Due to the construction of the 

Mandeville Center and other buildings 
on the Muir Campus, there has been a 
lack of parking space on the Muir Lots . 
Wayne Rounds of the Parking Authori-
ty stated that to remedy the parking 
problems, an extra temporary lot was 
to be built on the Muir Campus beh ind 
the site of Muir Lot 2A. The recent 
parking space shortage was attributed 
to rain . It seems that the lot was not dry 
enough to pave until last week . So, 
Attention Muir Studentsl The tem-
porary lot is now open, and there are 
180 additional spaces. 

In answer to the cry, " I can' t find a 
space," expressed by many students, 
the Parki ng Authority replied, "There 
are 6,500 parking spaces on UCSD, and 
5,055 cars were issued permits this 
yea r." So there are numerically 
enough spaces, but has th placement 
of these parking spaces been to the 
adva ntage of the UCSD Community? 

The Advisory Committee on Parking 
to the Chancellor and the Parking 
Authority stated that UCSD is currently 
operating under a pedestrian campus 
plan. A plan of this nature would 
operate on the following idea. A 
typical student would drive to UCSD 
and would park at his college. He then 
would walk to and from all of his 
classes on all three of the campuses. 
The benefit of this system would be 

that we would have a per ipheral 
parking system on the campus. This 
would allow the core of the campus to 
be free of cars, and it would permit the 
natural environment of the campus to 
remain as it is. The Advisory Com-
mittee on Parking said that the way to 
make such a system work, might lie in 
their p lanning of a " Home-Base 
Parking System." 

This system would run as follows . A 
Student's permit would be issued for a 
lot or set of lots, according to his need 
and location of classes. He would then 
be forced to walk from class to class, 
rather than drive from class to class as 
some people do. How are we to walk 
from one end of the campus to the 
other, when ailS (or 12 as some people 
think) colleges are completed? The 
Parking Authority has thought of the 
answer; an intra-campus tran sit 
system I This will be financed by the 
federal government and will be 
patterned after the one located on the 
University of West Virginia . 

So, UCSD Students are now faced 
with the question of whether they 
want a peripheral parking, pedestrain 
campus system; or that of a car orien-
tated campus, with 5·7 story parking 
structures built besides each of the 
buildings on campus. A question is one 
of convenience as opposed to beauty 
and some walking. Which do you really 
want? 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

·SCUBA LESSONS 
$4500 PERSON 
$6000 COUPLE 

22;;() \, ('nidu ell' III 1'1 /1\ a 
Phon.·: I :;9-:J 16:; . 

Groc ries, 
Produce, 
Meats, 
ine & Bee 

(boy-girl) 

ALL EQUIPMENT 
FURNISHED 

(EXCEPT MASK, SNORKEL, FINS) 
LECTURES 

POOL SESSIONS 
3 OCEAN DIVES 

SCUBA DIVERS 
SUPPLY 

Medical School Appt. 
Named by Grobstein 

The appointment of Dr. Helen M. 
Ranney as Professor and Chairman of 
the Department of Medicine at the 
UCSD School of M edicine is an-
nounced by Dr. Clifford Grobstein, 
Dean of the School of Medicine. 

Dr. Ranney will assume her new post 
July 1, 1973. She is cu rrentl y Professor 
of Medicine at the State University of 
New York at Buffalo. 

In announcing the appointment, Dr. 
Grobstein said , " I judge this to be a 
particularly strong and important ap-
pointment. Dr. Ranney is a highly 
respected investigator, a first-rate 
teacher, an outstanding physician, and 
a vigorous, effective, a nd very 
worthwh ile human being. Her work in 
the general area of hematology (study 
of blood) is widely known and 
respected. For example, she is current-
ly President-elect of the American 
Society of Hematology. She has made 
important contributions to our 
knwoedge of the structure of 
hemoglobin and this past year she 
received the Dr. Matin Luther King 
award for her work on sickle cell 
anemia. Thus her career and interests 
part icularly fit this institution at this 
time. We have sought to focus on the 
interface between fundamental 
knowledge and clinical practice and 
Dr. Ranney has done this superbly. We 
also have sought to cope with the 
complexities between scientif ic 
medicine and the meeting of social 

needs, and Dr. Ranney has chosen 
subjects of interest at just this interface. 
I believe that her appointmen at this 
time both highlights and reaffirms the 
basic philosophy of this SchooL" 

Dr. Ranne y received her un-
dergraduate education at Barnard 
College and her M.D. from the College 
of Physicians and Surgeons at Colum-
bia University. Her internship and 
residency training were taken at 
Presbyterian Hospital in New York. 

From 1951 until 1960 Dr. Ranney was 
a faculty member of the College of 
Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia 
University. In 1960 she joined the 
Department of Medicine at Yeshiva 
University in New York City. She was 
appointed Professor of Medicine at 
Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 
1965, a position she held until 1970 
when she became Professo r of 
Medicine at the State University of 
New York at Buffalo. 

Dr . Ranney is certified by the 
American Board of Internal Medicine 
and was elected to the American 
Society for Clinical Invest igation and 
the Assoc iation of Amer ican 
Physicians. 

She is also a member of Phi Beta 
Kappa, Alpha Omega Alpha (medica l 
honorary) , Sigma Xi (scie nce 
honorary), Amer ican Society of 
Hematology, and American Society of 
Biological Chemists. 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance 
Offered Exclusively in San Diego by MONTE R. KELLEY Insuronce Agency 

Drive by or ca" IV'ItllaY for a Quot'ltton-==:r.~::5 

C.5.1.5. COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
5090 CoUege (corner College & Montnuma) 



Artiques, books, candles, fountains , lewelry, leather, mocrom~ , 
paintings, pots-in foci , everything for the person who doesn t 
have everything. 3780 Mission Blvd . In old MISSion Beach . Phone 
4B8.3521. Mon . thru Thurs . 11 :30 am to 9:00 pm - Fri . 11 :30 am 
to 5:30 pm-Sat. 10:00 am to 5:30 pm-Suo. 11:30 am to 5:30 pm . 

I YABYUm 
~ ••••••.•.•.•.• ~ 
: PREPARATION FOR SPRING : 

:MCAT DAT: 
• NOW ENROLLING • 

: STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ : 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ Since 1938 • 
• In San Diego Area (714) 276-8947 • 

• • • • fil •••••••••••••• iii 

Starring 

J ames Fox Mick Jagger 
Anita Pallen berg 

Michele Breton 
Duected by Don. ld Ca mmell.nd ""1(01 •• Roq 

7 :00& 11:00 
RAffO @ 

LUCHINO & VISCONTI'S 
9:00 

E 
E)AIMIIWIEE) 

MON-FRIDAY 

Spring 
Quarter 

Interdisciplinary 
44 

Society and 
Human 
Values 

What Counts? Why? ! ~eth~~~::Wler~:;~~d .1 
:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: •............ 

tEVIS MALE A· ' UNIQUE IMPULSE 

~o 000000 

'80DY KDVE R S 
o 0 00000 
=~ ~ 

kENNlrl G'TON BRATEN LOY! 'N' UFF 

STRATFOfIO SQUARI; 

1448 c. •• 'Off MM 
1)tf ~ toIij. 92014 
755-3557 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, March 13/ 1973 

• 

arts 

Rock Decadence: 
Sachet Meets Macho-Chism 

Lynne Bronslein (AFS) 

This is the age of glamour rock . Guys are putting on 
lipstick and eye shadow, adorning themselves with 
sequins and jewels, even styling their hair. They're 
painting their fingernails black and green. They're 
declaring themselves gay and writing songs that more 
than suggest homosexuality. 

"This is the age of decadence," the critics declare. 
After all, the green nailpolish fad was probably inspired 
by the movie Cabaret, and everyone knows how 
decadent Germany was in those repressive times. One 
rock writer recently pointed out that the reason a guy 
like Lou Reed is finally popular is that his kind of music 
and lyrics are more at home in a time of chic 
decadence than in the old days of flower power. 

Gee, and I thought flowers were also a symbol of 
"femininity." Femininity, nothingl Don't be fooled by 
this glamour trend . Underneath the frills and rouge, 
their exists a hatred of women that really makes me 
shudder. 

Just because the costumes are more outrageous than 
ever, and the new rock subcu lture decrees gayness a 
virtue, don't think sexism has vanished from rock. On 
the contrary, it's worse than ever - a perfect example 
of what happens when a fad outdistances a true social 
change. These guys have taken their sequinned gowns 
out of the closet, but they haven't taken their heads 
out. To compensate for their new androgynous look, 
they maintain a shaky bi·sexuality by still associating 
with women but making sure women know their place. 
Which is : embroidering their dude's jeans and going 
down on anybody male. Which is not : playing in a rock 
band (-articulariy lead guitar, a sacred instrument 
meant to be played only by men), writing about rock, 
or contributing anything of any value to rock. To put a . 
female in her place, the rock musician need only say to 
her, "Get downl" 

The musicians are supported i" their anti-female 
lifestyle by a new breed of "rock critics", who, 
although almost illiterate, are a breed who get 
published wherever they want to, and who have made 
an ideology out of sexism. They proudly refer to 
themselves as "punks." 

One such writer recently declared in a review of 
America's new album that "records like this make me 
feel the world is coming to an end ." Another was 
distressed by the fact that Steely Dan didn't live up to 
their name - a dildo in a William Burrough's novel. 
These writers condemn any male group not into 
"heavy metal" music and dismiss female performers, if 
they're the gentle type, as "not heavy enough" or, if 
they show too much competence on the sacred cow 
guitar, as blasphemers. "Balls" are more and more 
referred to in rock reviews. 

Seems confusing, doesn't it? Here is a subculture 
where loud and uncomfortable music is regarded as 
great and as a symbol of maleness, where to be "ballsy" 
is to be good, where women are bitches at best and 
cunts at worst, where Mick Jagger is God. Yet, this same 
subculture has gone drag-queen and taken with it the 
sexual confusion that goes with an unliberated gay 
lifestyle. 

The obvious answer is that "chic decadence" is just 
another fad, taken from a lifestyle that will continue to 
exist as long as sex -role confusion exists. There were 

The First Non-Sexist 
Dance Ever! 

The Radica l Coalition is sponsoring the first non -
s xist dance ev r. It will be held in the Muir Five and 
Dime, Friday March 16, starting at 9 o'clock. COME 
OUTI (if you are so inclined.) All SEXISTS STAY AWAY. 

Tonight is a rare opportunity to view a not so rar 
Hollywood overindulgence at discount prices. Th 
Mustang Circl ,th parent organization of the San 
Dieguito High, is sponsoring an evening of films at th 
Del Mar Driv - In, featuring cartoons, a surfing short, 
and " Paint Your Wagon", all for the low, low price of 
S2.00 p r carload. Gates op n at 6:30 and the show 
b gins at 7:00. 

drag queens in 1967 and there are "flower children." 
right now - it 's merely a matter of who the mass r;'edl.a 
chooses to cast a spotlight on. Thus, drag-queen-Ism IS 
an instant "trend" this year. Considering that wearing 
lipstick and eyeshadow is one step in the dir~ction of 
sexual neutrality, a corner of the rock culture Jumps to 
get with it-with-out. With so little left to help di~­
tinguish between the sexes, they go overb?ard In 
polarizing male and female modes of behaVior and 
disdain true sexual equality. In other words, they are 
victimes of their own "future shock." 

In the meantime, what's happened to the female side 
of the rock subculture? Back in the days when even 
long hair on boys was considered perverted, we used 
to worship male performers as sex objects (and maybe 
still do). Just as the guys all copied Jagger to obtain an 
identi ty, so we copied rock heroines: Laura Nyro, Joni 
Mitchell, and, especia lly, Janis. She may not have lived 
long enough to prove th~ full range of h.er tal~nt, but 
Jan is provided a valuable Image for Amencan gIrls. T~e 
first white female singer to depart from the usual white 
female style of singing, she was aggressive in her 
lifestyle and established a look that freed women fro'!1 
the arti fi cial while maintaining a personal aesthetic 
outlook. 

Apart from groupies, the girls who used to be the 
hard rock audience have long since defected to 
"wo men 's music" for entertainment. As women 
rethink what popular music is all about, the results of 
this polarization are beginning to show. In the next few 
years we're going to see an onslaught of female 
musicians, some in groups, and finally (I hope) an end 
to the nonsensical concept of "male" and "female" 
forms of music, with male musicians jumping on the 
bandwagon to copy the female musical eyle rather 
than female artifices. 

Since 1967 some ' irreversible "trends" have taken 
place, not the least of which is the yearning by women 
to find a different definition of themselves and of all 
human sexuality. The Feminist and Gay movements are 
very positive forces, incorporating all the ideals of 
1960's hippie-ism and revolution. In the next few years, 
what we are in for will be more than just glitter and 
guilty "polymorphous pervisity." Sex roles are goin~ to 
wither away, and with them, many forms of repression 
will have to go . People are going to discover the 
" feminine" and "mascu line" within all of us and stop 
shun ning or persecuting the "feminine." To hope for 
this change is to see the present "time of despair and 
decadence" as not as bad as it seems. There are flowers 
amidst the garbage., 

America in the 1970s is an ostrich sticking its head in a 
hole to chase away the future. But the ostrich doesn't 
know what it fears and would be amazed to discover 
that the future will only serve to brighten its feathers. 

So you guys out ther with your bright new plumage 
- don't be afraid of yourse lves now that you've gone 
glamorous. Learn to loosen up and regard people as 
individual. learn a little about the sex you've 
borrowed your new look from and cease to taunt us. 
Maybe in time you'll also notice what we girls have 
known for a long time - that it's hard to cry and be real 
and human when mascara runs in your eyes. 

' .. 

· . 

· .: 
.'. 

" 
· : 

J 
I 

Outrageous Opinion 
The Drama Department and the -: ampus Program 

Board are co·sponsoring a lecture by the eminent 
young American drama critic, Mr. John Lahr, in the 
UCSD Theatre on Wednesday, March 14, at 7:30 p.m. 

Mr. lahr is the recipient ·of the George Jean Nathan 
Award for Dramatic Criticism - awarded to one 
recipient each year, who, in the opinion of the judges, 
has written the best dramatic criticism by an American 
that year . 

Mr. Lahr is on a literary tour to publicize his new 
novel, which has. just been published by Alfred A. 
Knopf. The book is titled The Autograph Hound and 
has been receiving rave notices. Also to his credit as an 
author is the best-selling Notes on a Cowardly Lion (a 
biography of his father, Bert Lahr) as well as two 
collections of critical essays. Mr. Lahr writes a regular 
theatre column for The Village Voice and has been a 
regular contributor to the Evergreen Review. He also 
served as literary advisor to the Tyrone Guthrie Theatre 
and the Lincoln Center Repertory Company. 

The title of the talk is OUTRAGEOUS OPINION, 
subtitled "Expanding and Shrinking Definitions of 
Theatre." There will be a question and answer period 
following the lecture, during which time any aspect of 
the contemporary theatre may be discussed. There is 
no charge for the lecture and the entire campus is 
invited. 

The Slapstick Kid 
Pam and M ichael Rosenthal (AFS) 

Comedies about the embarrassments (mainly 
familial) of inadequate persons (often Jewish) have 
always seemed awfully painful occasions for laughter. 
This one, directed by Elaine May, is predictably nasty . 
What's scary, and noteworthy, is how effective a highly 
unpleasant film can be when directed by a woman with 
a genius for pain . 

Beginning with a suffocating Jewish wedding, we 
swing right into the honeymoon - and disillusion-
ment. En route to Miami Beach, Lyla, the new bride, 
begins to let loose a stream of unattractive habits, 
which she assures her dazed new husband he will have 
" forty, fifty years" to get used to. lovemaking is 
accompanied with incessant commentary about how 
"wonderul" it is and "did you .think it would be so 
wonderful, did you, did you?" She wolfs Milky Ways, 
dribb les her egg salad, and reiterates how marvelous it 
will be to grow old together. By Virginia, husband 
Lenny ' is beginning to have his doubts; in Miami, he 
meets Kelly, a gorgeous goyish blonde, and decides he 
wants out. 

Announcing his intentions to Lyla, Lenn leaves her 
the car, the luggage, the wedding presents; signs an 
annulment ; and tru,cks on North to pursue Kelly home 
to Minneapolis. Braving a midwestern winter, an 
enraged father who keeps threatening to shoot him, 
and a squadron of musclebound college boyfriends, he 
even overcomes Kelly's formidable indifference. The 
film ends with a second, equally suffocating, wedding 
- this time classy and Christian - and fase out on a 
drained and dazed groom. The schlemeil has won the 
impossible dream and is left wondering what the hell 
he's supposed to do next. 

If the story sounds cruel and pointless upon retelling, 
that's because it is. The film makes gestures in a 
number of different directions. There's a dose of class 
consciousness (Lenny as archetypical social climber), a 
smattering of Jewish self-hatred (the goyish golden girl 

as the end of all aspiration), a bit of commentary about 
the absurdity of the marriage myth (Lyla's pathetic 
fantasy about growing old together). But these pieces 
don't fit together or mask the basic tendency of the 
script, which is to revel in sheer sadism. 

It is hard to believe that Lenny has failed to notice 
lyla's obnoxiousness before he married her, or that 
Kelly would not be put off by Lenny's idiotically gauche 
raps with her rich, proper parents . But this is not a film 
that asks us to believe; it's a film that asks us to ridicule. 
Marriage, cou rtship and family seem to exist in order to 
provide awkward and embarrassing encounters - set 
pieces for people to let all their foolishness out. 

What kept us watching instead of beating our way to 
the exit and wiping away the nastiness as soon as 
possible was Elaine May's extraordinary direction. She 
has an uncanny knack for transforming endless 
situations of discomfort and embarrassment into 
remarkably vivid, penetrating visual terms. When -len-
ny meets Kelly's parents at a cocktail lounge, he literally 
has to crowd his way into the tight family scene, his face 
or his elbow always getting in somebody's way. Peop1e 
are either suffocatingly crowded together or separated 
by gaping lonely spaces. 

Elaine May's grossly physical slapstick of pain gives 
this film a nightmarish quality that penetrates far more 
deeply than the shallow script. There are moments, 
especially in Jeannie Berlin 's portrayal of Lyla, that 
evoked memories of ourselves at our clumsiest and 
most vulnerable. A more intelligent, humane script 
could have given such moments value, helping to cure 
emotional wounds through recognizing them. But 
there's no value in ridicule; finally it becomes exploita-
tion of everybody'S fear of rejection . The Heartbreak 
Kid is a heartless movie 

Fun With Burt 
Deborilh Roberson 

Shamus, starring Burt Reynolds and co·starring Dyan 
Cannon, was very entertaining in spots, but lacked 
organiza tion of plot. The first couple of scenes were 
self-explanatory, but from then on the movie jumped 
from the third scene, to the fourth scene, to the fifth 
scene, using the fifth scene to explain something that 
had happened way back in the third scene. There was 
so much action and activity going on during these 
explanations that I was distracted - trying to watch the 
foreground as well as the background, while also trying 
to remember what had happened in the scenes before. 

The movie takes place in New York City, where 
Shamus McCoy grew up. He is an impoverished detc-
tl ve who is hired by a millionarie to uncover a murder 
that even the police can not uncover. Though the plot 
Was routin , it was a switch from the usual detective 
movi s of today. Shamus McCoy did not have flashy 
clothes, or a ni e apartment, or an expensive ca r. His 
clos t was bare, his apartment was a slightly-renovated 
gym and he had no car. 

Shamus M cCoy was played by Burt Reynolds, the 
man who ros to fame aft r posing for Cosmopolitan 
magazin in the nude. He got his second big career 
boost by starring in "Deliv ranee", a movie which has 
b en nominated for "Best Motion Pldure of the Year." 
Burt R ynolds has had pr vlous experience playing 

detect ive roles. He had two short-running television 
series, " Hawk" and "Dan August", in which he played 
the title roles. His experience in playing these detective 
roles enabled him to get into the part of Shamus 
McCoy and play the role effectively. 

Burt's ability to do his own stunts added to the 
excitement of the chase scenes. The camera was able to 
take closeups of him climbing and falling off bridges, 
running across the top of a train and leaping and 
smashing through windows. 

Burt Reyno lds and Dyan Cannon together, added 
humor to the otherwise routin story, especially in one 
scene wh r Burt drives the "get-aw.ay-car", a stolen 
army truck . With Burt cracking jokes and doing his own 
stunts and Dyan coming back at him with her one-
liners, th y brought the movie alive and made it 
entertaining. 

Burt had thre s xual encounter, that wer not 
shown on s r en bUI lefl up to the view r 's imagina-
tion. Th movie had viol nce but it did not contain th 
bloody-gory-typ of vi I nce that i in a lot of movie 
today. It had little eriou drama but lots of humor. 

Burt R ynold gav on of th bId criptions of 
the movie in one line. H said : "I'm not buying any 
tux' for th 0 ars,' iluse it's not on of my biggie , 
but it wa fun ... " Though it lacked organization, the 
movie wa "fun." 

Such A Deal 
We stock the following types of film. Bring this ad to 
us, and we will give you one free roll with the 
purchase of a like roll of film at our regular discoLlnt 
price. Polaroid and bulk films not included. 

EKTACOLOR 
INFRARED PRINTFILM 
FOTOMAT PRINTFILM 
KODACHROME II 
VER ICHROME PAN 
KODACOLOR·X 
KOOACOLOR II 
KODACRHOME X 
EKTACHROME X 
PANATOMICX 
HIGH SPEED EKTACHROhIE 
PLUS· X 
TRI·X 
FUJICOLOR Nl00 
AGFACHROMECT· 18 
GAF 6-4 COLOR SLiOEFILM 
FUJICHROME R· l00 
HIGH SPEED EKTACHROME TYPE B 
GAF 200 COLOR SLIDE FILM 
GAF 500 COLOR SLIDe FILM 
KOOAK 2475 RECORDING FILM 
HIGH CONTRAST COpy FILM 
KOOACHROME II PROFESSIONAL TYPE A 
MlNOLTA 16mm FILM 

Bring one roll of film, 
get one roll frH. 
Offer good only at 

FOTOMAT 

RAPID 
119-12 
110-20 
118 
120 
126·12 
127 
126· 20 
135-20 
135·36 
a16 

~NOlTA 16mm 
50 FT35mm 
100 FT 35mm 
820 
826 
REGULARSmm 
Bmm MAGAZ INE 
SUPERB 
220 

UNIVERSITY eln CAMERA STORE 
408 3 Govnor oriYllt GentS88 

t .... h ... 453·5753 
Hours: Mon • .,-Fnay 10-7: 811111.,9-6; Sund.y 11·4. 

Hurry! Offer expires on 
Tuesday, March 20 

(limit one Iree roll per ellSl 

0MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH~ 
z C ~ z 

; rRll i 
I 
U 
5 .......... ... i ala. __ &BY r .... 1. 
u 5 alii,. JIll ....... . 
:E 

i ~"~.~.~!~~!I u free slaw with your fish & chips order. 
Z 
:::J 
:2: 
I 
U 
Z 
:::> 
:2: . 

~ 
C 
Z 
() 
I 
S 
C 
Z 
() 
I 
S 
C 
Z 
() 
I 
S 
C 
Z () 
I 
S 
C 
Z () 
I 

I S 
, , Offer good thru March 31. 1973 Z C ~ z 
:EMUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCH MUNCrft 

Pag~ 5 TlIe~ay, (y\arch 13, 1~73 Triton Times 
. ' 



triton times 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017,453-8722 

Carny Sharick, Editor-in-Chlef Michael Greene, Business Manager 

The editorials ~xpressed below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial 
Board. All other opinions expressed on this page are those of the authors 
whose names appear in the bylines, and do not necessarily reflect the views of 
the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published in this 
section should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blak~ Hall, 
Revelle Campus, UCSD . 

Cal-PIRG 
For years students have complained of 

a lack of power and voice in the com-
munity. Today the opportunity exists. 

For years students have said that they 
are unable to tackle big problems 
because they are full-time students. 
Today they can. 

For years students have said that no 
matter how hard they try to organize 
themselves, they are prevented from 
uniting. Today they can and are uniting. 

Students are joining together, pooling 
their resources, in the San Diego county 
into Cal.Pirg (the California Public 
Interest Research Group) . 

This Nader-inspired group was sup· 
ported by the TRITON TIMES when it 
was organizing last Spring. Then 57% of 
the student body signed a petition to 
create a branch of Cal-Pirg here at 
UCSD. 

Today the organization is already 
showing tangible, concrete results. It 
proved conclusively, with its Dangerous 
Toy Projec t , last November, that 
students can unite and become effec· 
tive. 

Here at UCSD one of the major pro· 
jects was a Retail Price Comparison 
Study. Dozens of concerned students 
helped to put it together and the results 
are indisputable. 

The survey was so successful that some 
of the stores who were shown to have 
much higher-than·average grocery 

prices are considering su ing Cal-Pirg 
for publicizing the facts. 

But here lies the strength of Cal-Pirg. 
Ordinary student organizations live in 
constant fear of a long, drawn out civil 
suit. They are only here nine months and 
a long project or civil suit can bankrupt 
both their spirit and money. 

Cal.Pirg is different. Because students 
hire profeSSionals (lawyers, scientists) to 
work with them, they have no such fear. 
Cal·Pirg is strong enough to handle even 
large corporations, like Shell Oil. 

The TRITON TIMES endorses Cal-Pirg 
and urges that students at UCSD support 
Cal.Pirg. 

Students can do much by voting in 
Cal.Pirg elections next month and by 
seeking a set on the Cal·Pirg Board of 
Directors today. There are positions for 
five interested UCSD students who 
believe in Cal·Pirg's goals. The 'organiza-
tion can only be as strong as the people 
who run it. 

If you are truly interested, pick up an 
application in the Muir Fishbowl or from 
EDNA and fill it -out. The deadline to 
return it is March 14 because the elec· 
tions will be held the second week in 
April. All who apply will be listfi!d on the 
ballot. 

Students can make a difference if they 
become organized. Cal·Pirg is the ideal 
tool to change society for the better. 

Grievance Findings Complete 
Clarification of Opinion 
Article on War Research 

On May 9, 1972, the TRITON TIMES 
published ~n opinion ~rtic:le by William 

M~ltz entitled, "War Research - A Look 
at APIS.n The APIS Dep~rtment filed a 
complaint ~g~inst the TRITON TIMES 
imd Williilm M~ltz with the UCSD Com-
munications Board. A formal griev~nce 
hearing has been completed. The 
following is ~ lisl of alleg~tion5 m~de in 
the origin~1 opinion iltide and the fin-
dings of the Communications Bo~rd. 

The TRITON TIMES wishes to formally 
~pologize to the members of the APIS 
Department, in particul~r Dr. Henry 
Booker, and Dr. Seibert Duntley, ~nd 
the other deparlments named in the 

• arlicle, for any repercussions they may 
have incurred by the printing of this 
article. 

professional salaries, tenure and 
non-tenure, in the coming year." 
The principals who were inter-
viewed denied the allegation and 
produced factual evidence to sub-
stantiate the sources of contracts 
and grants for the department. One 
$25,000 grant comes from the Office 
of Naval Research for work in infor-
mation systems. This represents 3% 
of the Department's grant income. 

Allegation 3 - " In 1941 the Visibility 
lab and Marine -Physical lab were in-
tegrated into NEl. - At the time, they 
were jointly known as the 'University of 
California War Research Division.'" 

Finding: This statement is false . The 
author cou ld produce no evidence 
to substantiate the allegation. The 

Mule W. Siegel, principals who were interviewed 
Editorial Director demonstrated that the allegations 

The following allegations were dis· were flase . 
puted by members of the APIS Depart· Allegation 4 - "Duntley, a world 
ment. renowned leader on the subject of im-

Allegation 1 - "The same people who age restoration, works for the Visibility 
do research at the Naval Electronics lab because his knowledge is of im-
laboratory C()r oration (NEL) also con· mense military value ." 
trol APIS." Finding: This statement is false. The 

Finding: - his statement is false. The author again quotes from the April 
author c ')uld produce no actual 28, 1970, Indicator " I mage Restora· 
evidence. He submitted an April 28, tion - Pure Research." Mr. DUhtley 
1970, article from the Indicator does not work in the fi e ld of image 
which cor ,t int:tf il,~ .amc error Th restoration. The article incorrectly 
principals ~ho were interviewed names Mr. Duntley and incorrectly 
deny the anegation . lists the co nn ection between 

Allegation 2 "The center for much Visibility Lab and NEl. 
of UCSD's Defense Department AllegatiOn 5 - "'Image Restoration' 
research is tAPIS DEpartment at and 'Sonal Studies' research by UCSD 
Muir." peopl ontribute to the Vietnam war 

Finding : rhis statement is false . The flort and are a key aspect of the an-
author could produc no vidence tiguerilla strategies being formulated for 
of current activity of such propor· use throughout the 3rd World." 
tion . He submitted a memo from Dr. Finding : Th author advances this 
Booker to Chan ellor McGill dated opinion as fact. The scientific 
3/1/70 requesting "in the light of the witnesses interviewed state that 
Mansfield Amendment we urge you work don in the ar as by the 
to terminat not lat r than lun 30, Scripps Laboratories are basic 
1970, all use of D partment of research and that the work be omes 
o fens funds for payment of AP&IS part of th professional literature. Its 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, March 13, 1973 

Clarification of 
Safeway Ad 

On Tuftd~y, M~rch 6, the TRITON TIMES rin ~n 
~dvertisement concernlns ~ televised discussion of the 
conlroversy surroundins the leHuce industry ind its 

rel~tionship 10 f~rm worleers. The advertisement w~s 
sponsored by S~few~y Stores, Inc., ~nnounc:ins Ih~1 the 

loc:~1 ~1Ii1i~te of Ihe Public Bro~duslins Service (KPBS, 
Ch~nnel 15) would be ~irins ~ deb~le on "bolh sides of 
the question, 'Should you support the n~tion~1 lettuce 
boycott}'" The deb~te w~s ~ired on M~rch 8, and w~s 
repe~ted on M~rch 11. 

The I~sl p~r~sr~ph of the ~dvertisement reid, "The 
lettuce controversy is ~ Union controversy. S~few~y 
Siores, Incorpor~ted does not grow or h~rvest lettuce. 

S~few~y purchues from srowers only the best lettuce 
a\I~iI~ble. More th~n 80% is Union h~rvested. F~rm 
worleers should be su~r~nteed freedom to choose 
between Union or non-Union ~lfili~tion." 

The TRITON TIMES hu received numerous compl~ints 
~s to the conte"t of the "Union" referred to in the Sifew~y 
~dvertisement. The "Union" in the lirst sentence refers to 
the union movement in gener~l, with no p~rticul~r union 
in question. The "Union" referred to in the lut two 
sentences of the ~dvertisement is the Teimsters' Union, 

~nd not the United hrmworleers' Union. 
The word ins was chosen by ~few~y Stores, Inc., who 
p~id for the ~dvertisement. I hope th~t It is now cle~r th~t 
the union-picked lettuce S~few~y Stores, Inc., is buying is 
picked by the Teimsters Union, ~nd not by the United 
hrmworleers Union. 

WHE~ J 
WAS It.) 

~W.R 
~HOO/". 
VleTkll\/-i. 

WH£fJ r WAS Ik) Cal-ea. 
VltWN--i. 

Mule Siesel, Edltori~1 Director 

FEIFFER 

TRITON 
Aiding E 
of Farm 
TRITON TIMES, 

ES 
itation 
kers 

Perhaps your staff has ad to work for 12 hours 
straight in lettuce fields 80 degrees F. in the 
shade. Perhaps your had the pleasure of 
doing stoop labor so e worker comes home, 
his/her back is numb Perhaps your staff does 
not know what it live in transit from 
crop to crop, never nity for even an 
elementary education in a way of life. Perhaps 
your staff does not at is meant by exploita-
tion. 

These may be some of why your staff went 
ahead and accepted the the Safeway ad in last 
Tuesday's (3/6) issue. Y were not aware that by 
doing so, you were in exploiting the 
farmworkers by printi supports what Safeway 
is doing - buying the growers who exploit 
the farm laborers. In from the Teamsters, 
"Sweetheart" growers u . is actively trying to 
destroy the United (UFW). When you print 
propaganda in 'u~'uu'" and get money for it, 
you are allowing Saf'ewavil.r,nrt YOU. likewise, you 
are supporting Safeway ng their propagan-
da to your readership . 

The Safeway Kn'JrnU 
the United Farm 
Safeway, the second 
country, has contributed 
of Proposition 22, which 
the United Farm 
with the United Farm W 
owners (many of whom I 
producers of la Mesa 
brand, owns a great deaJ 
the same. 

Picketing of Safeways 
Ocean Beach continues 
afternoon. The Radical 
the Solana Beach 
Center) this Saturday a 
a.m . to about 5 p.m. 
members of the North 
them. JOIN THE PICKET 

Anyone interested in 
United Farm Workers at 

Lynn Heising 
Revelle senior 

out of the struggles of 
lettuce workers. 

gorcery chai n in the 
ms of money in support 

effectively outlawed 
refuses to negotiate 

d encourages farmer-
tied to Safeway - the 

Safeway's house 
in California) to do 

, Pacific Beach and 
, Saturday and Sunday 
beginning a picket of 

Santa Fe Shopping 
3 and 4) from 12 

Coalitio n urges all 
nity to support 

ATSAFEWAY. 
1JOlrm:Hln n can call the 

LETTERS Ttl TBE EI"TGlf 
Dr. Greene Recommended 
for Chairmanship of Poli-
tical Science Department 
De~r Dr. ~ltm~n: 

Over .the past five years, the UCSD Political Science 
Search Committee's attempts to locate a chairman for 
Political Science have proven unsuccessful. I am con-
cerned with this problem because a new Political Science 
department would be beneficial to students and to the 
University as well. The purpose of this letter, then, is to 
recommend a candidate for the Chairmanship. This can· 
didate is currently my upper·division professor in Political 
Science, Dr. Thomas Greene. 

. I believe Dr. Green's qualifications for this post are 
excellent. He has been a visiting professor of political 
science at UCSD for the past four years. From this 
experience, he is well acquainted with the University 
system and the problems of the colleges. As a teacher, he 
is absolutely fantastic, and an inspiration in my 
educational experience here .at UCSD. From the dis-
cussions we have had, his views on how a political science 
department should be structured are cohesive and well 
organized . His academic qualifications speak for 
themselves (he is now an associate professor with tenure 
at University of Southern California). 

I urge the Political Science Search Committee to 
reorient their poliCies of locating a pretigious Chairman. 
The essential qualifications for the future department 
chairman should include excellent teaching, capable 
organization, and recognition in his field. An older, more 
prestigious professor may not fill the qualifications I have 
mentioned in this letter. A younger man, like Dr. Greene, 
has all of these qualifications and, in my opinion, would 
become a supporting cornerstone for the future UCSD 
Political Science department, 

C~rlyle L. Wilson 
Sociology M~jor 

More Letters 
On Page 10 

Comment On 
Stenciled 
IIBoycott 
Safeway" 
Signs 

Editor: 
I would like to compli-

ment Safeway's new adver-
tising agency on the un· 
believable job it has done on 
UCSD. It is quite remarkable 
the way those little stenciled 
"boycott Safeway" signs just 
pop up everywhere to catch 
your eye. And, that sign on 
the gym wall; the color 
coordination is amazing, not 
to mention the everlasting 
profundity of the message. 

I certainly hope that the 
agency well realizes what it 
has done and that it receives 
all the credit it is due. I, for 
one, will not forget the 
name of Safeway, nor will I 
forget those who publicized 
it. I think that we all owe 
them a great debt for 
helping make UCSD another 
part of the great billboard of 
America . Regretfully, 

S.K. H~nsen 

MECHA Demands 
Investigation of 
Dr. Madrid's Denial 
of Tenure 
To: Dr. Juan Yguerabide 

Ch~irman 
Affirmative Action Committee 

last week, Thursday, March 1, MECHA met with Dr. 
Paul Saltman to discuss the question of tenure in the case 
of Dr. Arturo Madrid. 

At this meeting, per Dr. Saltman's statement of the 
"buck" stopping with him and the admission that all 
committees were merely advisory as well as his complete 
disregard for the views of Chicano students and faculty, 
we came to the conclusion that Dr. Saltman's decision was 
based solely on what we consider nonprofessional stan-
dards (i.e. personal feelings). 

For this reason, MECHA demands that the Affirmative 
Action Committee initiate investigation of Dr. Madrid's 
denial. of tenure by calling a meeting of the Budget 
Committee, Dr. Saltman and MECHA at the earliest 
possible date. The entire investigation is to be open. 

. I! the Affirmative Action Committee is pledged to the 
hiring and retention of minorities in positions that would 
allow them to function without threat of dismissal, then it 
is this Committee's duty to investigate these irregularities. 

At the termination of the investigation, all irregularities 
must be corrected with the approval of MECHA 

Rigoberto Vindioli 
MECHA Chairman 

Las Mujeres de UCSD Meet 
Bette Hahne developing the awareness and potential 

of each woman . These meetings are our 
attempt to take initiative and asser-
tiveness in defining ourselves and our 
relationships . This is important not on 
the basis of a divisionary activity which 
would take away from MECHA and 
Chicano activities, but rather to provide 
the confianza needed for each woman 
to fully actualize her capabilities as an 
active, creative individual i n 
relationships, el movimiento, and in the 
future as a professional. It was also 
agreed that this group should be a 
resource to each member when in need 
of a friend to talk with regarding 
academic tutoring, program informa· 
tion , and, most important, personal 
problems. 

Reply To Tom Cantor 

Approximately twenty-five Chicanas 
came together several Tuesday nights 
ago to open communications among 
women on campus and to explore the 
need and importance of establishing 
ongoing meetings. Although there was 
strong interest in establishing a task 
oriented group, there was unanimous, 
enthusiastic agreement to meet for the 
purpose of developing a sense of com-
munity and support among Chicanas on 
campus. Through an open discussion iJ 
was discovered that most women are 
experiencing the same problems and yet 
are isolated from each ot!ler. There was 
a consensus that, foremost, the meeting 
should be a place for Chicanas to get to 
know each other and to discuss 
problems which can presen.t obstacles to 
surviving in an academic institution. 
Issues having priority included 
relationships with men and women, sex-
uality, marriage, la (amilia, loneliness 
and the task of providing academic 
support for each other (·(perhaps for-
ming informal study groups when 
necessary). Acknowledging there are 
differences (sexual values, political 
views, career plans, etc.) among us it was 
agreed that these would be recognized 
and accepted, with the prime value 
being that of developing a mutually 
supportive environment for ourselves. 

Along with having open discussions 
on personal issues, the women have 
decided to begin work on setting up a 
library on Chicanas (books, journals, 
articles, newspapers), developing a class 
on Chicanas, arranging films and 
speakers and exploring possible funding 
for our activities. 

WHAr. £70 
r (70 
WITHOUf' 
HV 
VlETfJAH ? 

3-11 

application is not directed by UCSD 
faculty. No application of image 
restoration to antiguerilla warfare is 
being dev lop d at UCSD. No 
development of "sonal devices" as 
the term is used by the author is 
going on at UCSD. 

All gat ion 6 - "The head of APIS is 
Dr. Henry Booker .... It is believed he has 
close ties with the CIA and that he has 
b n instrum ntal in obtaining CIA 
grants for research projects at Scripps 
and NEL ... A report written by Booker 
was also discovered two years ago ... it 

" ADd it came to pass 
land of seven kings 
blasphemy : 'The assa i 
thou doth strongly I 
ecration.' Thus he spa ke 
not." 

A hundred thousand 
dead. Yes, dead. Two 
conceived us - and a 
was a giant palimpsest 
have been erased) back 
wouldn't remember 

About seven 
Now, that in of 
- if you only knew 
printing had to say . 

But enough of that 
stolen 40 scores ago 
destined to ~emain unk 

included a comprehensive plan to 
'destroy' th campus left and counter 
th propaganda of the left with the right 
wing propaganda ." 

Finding : The author cit 5 a report 
from an anonymous undated article 
by the SDS making these statements. 
Professor Book r denies any truth in 
th charge that he has ties to the 
CIA. The plan which Professor 
Booker proposed suggested to the 
campus that a pap r be developed 
that would xpress alternate views to 
th existing campus papers. 

came out of the 
and a rumour of 

of Hezekiah, in whom 
stricken with bull ex-
But Isaiah believed him 

Prophecies 14 :13 
each one of us was 

sand could not have 
the asking. There 

ea rkier writings 
4 by 4 by 4 - but you 

didnt SEE IT . 
hand started writing. 

. I - but if you know 
Iform little aborigine's 

psest is missing. It was 
men. And they are 

now. This is one of the 

cruel miracles the palimpsest originally predicted before it 
was stolen. The important part is that which is 
remembered, at least in legend, because nobody could 
read it anyway. And the sum total of this knowledge is 
seven. And only two are commonly agreed upon. First, 
"dead men don't die." Now, it must be admitted that the 
palimpsest never said this. This was inferred, by the 
process of exclusion of the middle. What it means has long 
escaped human understanding. The best interpretation 
was offered by Cooper in "Myth of Asia." He said "There 
is no big deal here . But it is puzzling." 

If the palimpsest said this, and if the exclusion of the 
middle is accepted, we must disagree with Cooper 
harshly. First, there is quite a big deal there, for the 
overwhelming truth of its dogma can only be lost upon 
living, though it certainly would hold great a priori 
interest for the dead .. . So let us offer a unique interpreta-
tion which shall here· to-fore be known as the Fay-ga-Iah 
or the one absolutely true possibility. We call this the 
corollary to Cooper's first theory of the Fag-a-Iah. The 
corollary, loosely defined is this : living men don't live. 
Proof: If dead men are dead then they cannot die, for they 
are dead . Therefore, live men, being not dead, must be 
alive, and consequent ly cannot live. Once again - "living 
men do not live." C • ed 

onlmu on page 10 

Clarely, everyone expressed a great 
amount of commitment and readiness to 
work together in sharing experiences, 
finding alternatives to problems and 
basically building a foundation of 
solidarity for the purpose of further 

This article reflects the thinking of 
those who have come to the meetings 
thus far . We need participation and 
input from other women so that Chicana 
activities can be meaningful to many 
women, not only a few . The issues and 
tasks we have discussed to date do not 
mean the group is limited to these 
objectives. Rather, they are a starting 
point from which we can begin relating 
to one another. All UCSD Chicanas are 
invited to attend the Tuesday night 
meetings at the International Center, 
7:00 p.m. let us hear from you. 

triton times 
"U: de bubb.1 voir 8eh~' redder, voir lie seven a \luNgen " 

Editor-in-Chief ............. Carny Sharick 
City Editor .................... Carrie Rickey 

Man~slng Editor ..... David Buchbinder 
Copy Editor ....... Debbie Montgomery 
Bsulness M~n~ser ...... Michael Creene 
Editorial Director ............. Mark Siegel 
Arts Editor ................... Tom lindberg 
Sports Editor ................. Michael Rath 

Photogr~phy Editor ..... Malcolm Smith 
Secreliry .................... Corinne Cacas 
Assist~nt City Editor ........ Kath y Kuenzi 
Associate City Editors .... Richard Drom 

Michael esma 
A st. Business Mgr ......... Micha I Wy r 
Asst. Editori~1 Dir ....... Barbara Randall 
A st. Sport Editor ............. Mark Liska 

News Department 
Karen Ar m itage 
Hannah Cohen 
Greg Hicks 
Greg Moser 
Tim O'Neil 
Kathy Redding 
laura S-udder 
Sports Department 
Cheryl EllIott 
Joh n lelevier 
Dav Phillip 
Pat Stacy 
Mark Young 
Doug Beanan 
Art D partment 
GI n G ntle 

harle Hyde 
Greg leonard 
Kristin Michel 
Hank teiman 
Charles Unkelt"" 
Brandon Wander 

Copy Re~ders 
Karen Glick 
Barbara Randall 
Arli Is 
Corky M. Cacas 

Photogr~phy 
Daryl Amster 
Jo Eastern 
George Fisher 
teve Harper 

John Maxwell 
Pr oduction 
Jim Charley 
Charlie Heimler 
Brooke Jarrett 
"1iehael e ma 
.lu in Department 
Carrol Bo",dl n 

~ Jthy HopkinS 
B'ooke Jarrett 

Jney Mancino 
~"'".' r- "' 

The TRITON TtMES i officially recognized as iI student newspilper by the Communi .I~ 
Board 01 the Uniyersity 01 Caillornia, Siln Diego, Building 250, Matthews Cilmpu , La 101101. 
Caillornia 92037. Publlution It twice: weekly on Tu day lind Fridil . om e iIIe IOC:lIted 
in Room 117, "illce Hall, Revelle Campu . For lIdy rli ing phone 453·8722, or 453·2000, X 
1017; lor editorl" or news phone" 1016. Opinion e pres d in adv rlisements lire tho e 
01 the i1dvertiter lind do not necessarily rellect the opinion 01 the TRITON TIME . 

Page 7 Tuesday, March 13,1973 Triton Times 



Drea Team, 
Call 'em Champs 

As springtime rolls around, there is always o~e last 
gasp of winter sports before everybody grabs their beer 
cans and runs 0 't to the ball park. This is, of course, the 
basketball playoifs. In the NBA, it constitutes.about half 
the season as the true giants of sports battle It o~t. for a 
king's ransom in playoff money. In the NCAA, It IS the 
annual UCLA show, brought to you by the good 
citizens of Westwood. But at UCSD, it's a bunch of 
loonies runl'\ing around the gym being called for fouls 
for such innocent acts as dribbling the bClII six times, 
setting a screen, or cleanly blocking a shot (goal-
tending and a personal foull). This, of course, could be 
nothing other than the playoffs for the king of the 
screwball sports, coed basketball. . . 

A Look-See At 
The BBTeam 

After two months of uproarious antics featuring such 
distinguished stars as Dr. R.M. Thompson, M.D. 
Sanders Stretch Yokota, and Bruth, the cream finally 
rose to ;he top, leaving all the skim milk to sour. while 
Cheryl led Don't Dribble Befor~ You . Shoot to the 
championship . It was actually an incredible change of 
pace as such low-riders as Patsy and her Alamo W B's, 
and Sonja and the L J Street Gang gave way to Cosmic 
Giggle, R Gang, No Names, and Dribble ,:,,~o took the 
frivolous game of coed b-ball and turned It IOto .a har~­
fought action-packed sport in the championship 

Paul Trainer 
Season's Results 

playoffs. . . 
In the first round, Cosmic Giggle won a laugher from 

R Gang which looked as flat as Ali McGraw in a 
corset. Meanwhile, Dribble found itself up against an 
aroused bunch of No Names and won by a single point 
on a clutch free-throw by Gail with only seconds 
remaining. . 

This set up the big showdown between Stud Elliott 
and Margaret Eiselle, two of UCSD's finest ballplayers. 
In the end, Cheryl proved to be just too much as she 
led Dribble to a solid victory in one of the most hotly 
con tested games of the year. It was interesting to 
contrast the style of play in this game with the fiascos 
that occurred in such earlier match-ups as Goosers vs. 
Golgi Bodies (dagnabbit, the Goosers won) and Alamo 
vs. the Feelers. It is pretty obvious that coed basketball 
has something to offer no matter what your idea of 
having fun in sports is. Jon Lelevier 

T-eam Statisti~s 

Another set of playoffs was going on as well, as the 
top coed soccer team squared off to determine who is 
supreme. Unfortunately Mother Nature (no, that isn't 
the name of the coed soccer team) retained her title, by 
easily defeating the top two teams with a downpour 
that added an extra two feet to the water level of Lake 
UCSD, otherwise known as the athletic field . The two 
tea ms will meet next.quarter to decide who is Number FC n Com. 
Two, behind the weather . a... Gom.. Pcl. Pct. R.b. Aws· .... 1 ... 

Now, you ask , who are these two teams? Well it Pele Henderson Sr. 26 .491 .400 261 6.9 81 
seems that friends and CycliC Universal finished one- Gie Simpson Sr. 23 .384 .596 112 13.4 29 
two in the Amateur League, with Brand X and Contact Paul Trainer Soph. 26 .495 .769 315 19.7 38 
I nhibition leading the Professional League. The playoffs Jon LeLevier Sr. 21 .348 .731 36 7.0 74 
started with Cyclic Universal knocking off the pro- SIeve Higgins Jr. 23 .488 .720 55 5.1 ~~ 
league champs 4-2, behind four goals of~ t~e foot oJ ~a.,v~ ::;~;agne ~~ph. ~~ : :~~ :~~ ~~ ~:~ 71 
flavio. Brand X held the game even unti t e secon Bruce Brealhwaile Sr. 24 .362 .615 99 4.5 14 
half, but just couldn't hang on. Meanwhile, Friends, Geoff Kostyshak Jr. 13 .538 .750 8 1.5 5 
with such stars as Pumpkin, AI, and Randy (cheered on Ron Werft Jr. 13 .538 .429 12 1.3 7 
by super-spectator Willie who stayed late at the girls' Bob Spriggs Sr. 13 .322 .737 29 5.5 37 
softba ll practice so they wouldn't make him play and Herb Hunler Jr. 13 .495 .538 58 6.1 8 
maybe get hurt) squeaked out a 1-0 victorv over Team Total s 26 .431 .657 1105 69.4 404 
Contact Inhibition on a goal by Tom [Jircks. Opponents Tota ls 26 1009 72.4 434 

§llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllill11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII§ 

Youraca~;~~~d·staff I Summer Internship Available I 
employees Credit Union :: :: 

:: There are 10 positions open for UCSD students interested in working :: 

should apply with the Student Employment Office before March 22nd to 
be considered. Qualifications: 2 or more years of college. 

Internship will be in five different areas of the Federal Government 
including: agriculture, sociology, and computer science. 

UCSD SCORE OPPONENT 
60 
51 
67 
83 
68 
68 
73 
63 
77 
72 
64 
61 
85 
63 
63 
69 
63 
61 
57 
74 
55 
71 
72 
93 

· 72 
66 
97 

La Verne 
Pomona - Pitzer 
So. Calif. College 
Cal. Baptist 
Ufe College 
LA Baptist 
Clairemont- Mudd 
Redlands 
Pacific Christian 
Cal. Baptist 
Pacific Christian 
USD 
UC Santa Cruz 
UC Irvine 
UC Irvine 
UC Davis 
Westmont 
So. Calif. College 
Cal. State Bakersfield 
Cal. Lutheran 
USIU 
Pasadena College 
USIU 
Cal Lutheran 
Univ. of Hawaii 
Univ. of Hawaii 
Pasadena College 

THEIR SCORE 
75 
61 
77 
78 
47 
49 
62 
58 
63 
68 
52 
77 
67 
69 
69 
74 
69 
75 
98 
69 
78 
75 
71 
73 

108 
96 
83 

Time to 
Recycle Your 
Old Tin Can? 

~111111111111111111111J1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 11111 11111111111111111111111111111111111 1111111111IIIIII~ 

AT THE GLOBE 

~ayc.wlto 
~ou~re 

George Bernard Shaw's 

Dave 
Moragne 

See your Cmdit Union 
for new and used car, 
truck, campert motor 
home and mo ile home 
loans. Our ' A toma· 
tion" (Auto Information 
Service) cal assist you 
with Blue Book prices, 
dealer dlscC. ... ? :: 3M 
market valu~s of new 
and used (.H . Your 
Credit unio'fakes 
shoppmg e IS , fa ster 
and saves ~o money. An Imaginative young Wile , 

Without tellmg her husband, 
loans a StOgie Olrl foend 
Ihe U5e 01 Ihe aparlmenl for 
romantic encounters A wi ld 'V 
funny maJlla' who'S whose 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, March 13, 1,973 

NOW PLAYING 
Here comes the bride , 
there goes the groom The 
nuptials are a near miSS 
bV mulual consent FreSh 
Ideas and fesclnatlng 
ters wllh all tho fun Ind 
frenzy of any wedding 

Dr. Marvln 'Weltzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across trom Sports Arena) 
-EYES EXAMINED -PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED -REPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. -8 P.M.; Sal. 10 A.M.' 6 P.M. 

224·2973 224·2974 
latest fashions 
in wire frames 

Ph.D Surplus? 
A legislative committee released a study which 

concludes that plans developed during the 1960's for 
expansion of graduate work at the University of 
California and California State University and Colleges 
would produce an oversupply of graduate-trained 
manpower. 

The study, authored by Lewis B. Mayhew (Stanford 
University), discusses the appropriate mix of graduate 
and undergraduate students at a college or university, 
the implications of establishing campuses as exclusively 
graduate and professional or as undergraduate in-
stitutions, the need for external review of specific 
graduate programs, the relevance of graduate degrees, 
and proposals for a three-year Bachelor's degree. 

Mayhew said that the surplus of Ph.D's in most fields 
and the surplus of trained teachers which began to 
appear in 1970 are persuasive evidence of a possible 
oversupply. "Some expansion of the University of 

Sex Counseling ... 
Continued from page 1 

and an imperturbable straightforwardness that is 
neither imposing nor flippant . listeners are invited to 
hear authorities on the subject of sex and ask Patty or 
her guests questions by phone. 

Despite rumblings in the FCC about possible in-
vestigation of sex programs, because of complaints, she 
said she was hopeful that broad public response would 
ass ure the FCC of the public's desire to hear the 
program. 

At UCSD the sex speaker's bureau composed of 
trained volunteers will soon be in full operation . In the 
future, Patty hopes to get a sex-hotline started "as soon 
as we have enough people to do it." 

She said psychological services is trying to develop a 
whole program to serve the students. Such services 
already exist at most co lleges. 

Also a nurse at Planned Parenthood, Patty claims the 
birth control services offered by Student Health at 
UCSD are excellent . 

Also, as a nurse at Planned Parenthood, Patty claims 
the birth control servi ces offered by Student Health at 
UCSD are excellent. 

IT CAN HAPPEN .. . 
Rill Sntllh Foretp C.r Se,,~ UIR ltOW.nkt ..... ~.Ir 

your Datsun 
Our IIIIKMnk.llre ... Und 10 I.kt t:lrt of our Clr 

All our repairs performed on your car 
have a 6.000 mlleor 6 month IU.flntcc 
We a lw scr\ltcc .nd repair Vol k\wa,c:ns 

Bill mnh "'orel," I , Servu~e 
34J Soulh HiJhw.y 101 

Solana Beach. c.llr. 
(7 '4)1 ~·l 2l 

M __ ,.. .... _A_.III C'- C.n!...,.,.,. ... 

.. 

--

c ..... 

--

.. 
A .... 

California may have been in part politica lly inspired as 
the University sought to combat the growing 
enrollments and significance of state colleges scattered 
throughout the state," he commented. 

He said that some argue in favor of a mix of 
undergraduate and graduate students on each campus 
because they believe both groups will benefit from the 
presence of the other. However, he cautioned that 
"there may be a critical point beyond which a dis-
aproportionately high number of older students would 
so change the composition of the campus as to 
produce undesirable side effects." California State 
University and Colleges continue present practices, the 
situation of undergraduates would remain either un-
changed or become worse because of continued 
attention directed from them to graduate programs." 

Revelle Government ... 
Continued from page 1 

library at UCSD. $256- to send a Revelle represen-
tative to a national programming board co nference. 
$200- to subsidize the operation of the Revelle Coffee 
House. $200- to support a Black Drama Production. 
$200- to help finance a Chicano retreat. $165- to help 
recruit minorities to Revelle . $100- to refurnish the 
Revelle Pool Room. $43.40- to clear up the old book 
exchange. 

In addition to spending money the RCCA has also 
spoken in behalf of Revelle . An example of this was the 
motion passed a few weeks ago. "The RCCA is con-
cerned about the chemistry department's decision not 
to grant tenure to Professor linck. Many Revelle 
students believe him to be a good teacher." 

RCCA meetings are open and all interested people 
are welcome to attend. Meetings are held at 5:00 P.M. 
in the Revelle Provost's office each Tuesday. 

CONTACT LENSES 
Trained Oplicians in Fedco's 
Optical Departmenl fill your 

Doclor's pre cription accurdtely, 
give full inslructions on 
handling and wearing of 

conlaCI lense., and provide 
periodic inspecl,ons aherwa rds .. . 

to Insure a comfortabl fit 
10 your eyes. Available 
In clear or varlou' tin IS. 

AT FED CO SAN DIEGO, 54th & EUCLID 

!i:O"EVA"i:UAY""O'N"i·"i! 
ii Ni:~~~:;d:~i~~:f;:W Ii 
'.' '73, offering the ,', 

quality-conscious buyer 
savings up to $100. 

We have the best equipped 
line of imported bicycles 

with reductions on 
EVERY model. 

For examples of Ihe price reductions 
on the 24 models, look below. 

Nishki 
Cuslom Sporl was 109'~ Now 8495 
Inlernational was 1599~ Now 12995 
Ro~d coupe} N 19995 

.', Professional were 299" OW .... 

~~1 T~t .-fr i. ~~: Enjoy the warm pring un ~11 
::: Sun.-Mon. Clo ed on our pollution-free bicycle :;;; 
:~: 241 W. Hwy. 101 SoIanilBellCh ~:~: 
::: 755-2725 .:.: 
y » 
:~~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:;:;:;:;:=:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:=:=:;:;:;:=:.:.:;:.:.:-:;:;:.:.:.:-:.:.:;:;:;:.:;:.:.~/; 

HERE'S A GREAT OPPORTUNITY: Evelyn 
Wood Reading Dynamics offers you a free 
glimpse of what it is like to be able to read and 
study much faster. At our free introductory 
lesson you will actually participate 10 tech-
niqu es that will improve your reading and 
study speed on-the-spot. See what is holding 
back your reading rate and see how you can 
easily read much faster. 

WHAT YOU'LL LEARN: At our introductory 
lesson you will see that Read ing DynamiCs is a 
comprehensive reading improvement program. 
You'll learn that our students not only read 
faster but also comprehend more, and remem-
ber better. You'll learn how our study method 
can cut study time in half. In short you will 
have an opportunity to see what we teach and 
how we teach it. 

OTHERS HAVE DONE IT-SO CAN YO 
Seeing the instant results of your progress at 
the introductory lesson will help you under-
stand why our average graduate increases his 
reading speed4.7times with improved compre-
hension . You'll see why over 500,000 people 
have improved their reading skills through the 
Read ing Dynamics techniques. You'll under-
stand why Reading Dynamics has b::en taught 
at the White House to staff members of Presi-
dents Kennedy and Nixon. 

COME SEE FOR YOURSELF: We want you to 
decide for yourself the value of becoming a 
rapid reader through the use of the Evelyn 
Wood Reading Dynamics techn iques. Plan 
now to attend a free introductory lesson; they 
are informal and last about an hour. Come as 
you are,even bring a friend. 

Come to your free lesson. 
TUES. THRU THURS .. MAR. 13 THRU MAR, 15 
SUN. THRU THURS .. MAR. 18 THRU MAR. 22 

5:30 P.M. and 8:00 P.M. 
MISSION VALLEY 

HOLIDAY INN 
S9S HOTEL CIRCLE SOUTH, SAN DIEGO 

CHULA VISTA 
ROYAL INN 

832 ICE" STREET, CHULA VISTA 
LA JOLLA 

HOLlDAYINItI 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. AT INTERSTATE S 

LA MESA 
BRONZE ROOM 

8998 LA MESA BLVD., LA MESA 

, ~ Evelyn Wood 
Reading Dynamics Institute 

Page 9 Tuesday, March 13, 1973 Triton Times 



CSI Has 
Some Explain-
ing To Do 
Editor, 

It seems as if CSI has 
some ex~laining to do. 
They tell us that everything 
is copacetic and ask us 
where Henry Ford would 
be if he protested, the 
Wright brothers if they 
filed suit and other equally 
asinine questions . 

If what they calim were 
true, there would be no 
need for the Sierra Club, 
Friends of the Earth, 'Ralph 
Nader, Jack Anderson, Paul 
Ehrlich, and Daniel Elsberg. 
I really don 't think many 
students will be swayed by 
the simpleminded propa-
ganda. 

We would still be in Viet 
Nam if thousands didn't 

protest, petition, and bitch, 
we would still be driving 
death traps if Nader didn't 
bring suits against GMC, 
we would still Ilave 
segregated buses if tile 
NAACP didn't boycott, we 
would Ilave corruption on . 
an even larger scale if it 
weren't for Anderso n, we 
wouldn't know the truth if 
Elsberg hadn't stood up, 
our lan d would be 
thorougllly raped, all the 
rivers dammed, and we 
would have oxygen 
stations if it weren't for the 
lobbying and suits and 
portests raised by the Sierra 
Club and FOE. We would 
still be walking around in 
utter ignorance of ou r 
population crisis (sound 
familiar CSI?) if Ellrlich 
hadn't written a book. 

I will protest, bitch, file 
suit , and petition if there 
are wrongs to correct . Tile 

In Reply To Tom Cantor ... 
Continued from page 7 

The second misinterpretation of the palimpsest has it 
that "truth comes in large quantity ." This is commonly 
believed but not accurate. The actual words, as stated by 
Ooks, in his " Discussion of the Essence and Attributes of 
God," are "ad valorem cu m sum laude." This was later 
translated into German by Kraut : "let ven ien sum 
laiden;" and most recently into English oy the author 
himself: "Truth is a biggie." 

The importa nce of this seemingly trivial modification 
cannot be estimated. But it is clear that the trivial 
modification does have relative value. One the one hand, 
the palimpsest seems to equate truth with quantity - a 
concept which tends to escape us. On the other hand, 
seen my way, truth is not equated with quantity, but with 
an equally abstract notion : "ness." For we can see that 
such words as hugeness , bigness, and tallness imply the 
same thing - which is nothing at all. Let us disgress for a 
moment, then, and define an abstraction . Definition : An 
abstraction is nothing at all. Now if we can assume this to 
be true, we have the foundation for an unshakable 
mathematical formula. Let's go back to Spinde lli 's 
logarithm of mathematic asymmetry. He said if A is to B, as 
B is to A, then both A and B exist to each other and their 
relationship to each other is always the same as long as no 
varia bles are introduced. Now plugging our new defini-
tion of abstraction into Spindelli's formula , we come up 
with a somewhat shadier awareness of the palimpsest's 
words. Law: Truth, being related to abstraction in no 
uncertain terms, will always relate to abstraction as 
abstraction relates to truth . In simple words: Truth means 
nothing at all. That is the fundamental ~econd lesson of 
the palimpsest, now forgotten. 

The other five remembered palimpsest's visions are far 
more obscure. There is almost no way to discuss them 
rationally, since any such discussion is essentially only a 
difference of emphasis. The difference, however, is more 
than a difference of emphasis. The apparent contracdic-
tion involved here cannot be resolved legitimately, except 
by argument. And even then, any such solution is jeapor-
dized by the inveigling influence of human logic. Conse-
quently, I shall make no attempt to succeed where so 
many have failed . In a word, the palimpsest connotes 
"itse lf . " 

Concerning this topic, there are only fourteen points I 
wish to make. They are meant not to instruct, but to guide 
the eager student in his study of the palimpsest. 

(1) Do nol read into things. Usual ly, the sim plest 
arguments are the most widely accepted. 

(6) Never trust your intuition, Intuition is very rarely a 
substitute for empirical transcedndence. Do not forget 
that transcendence is a status which is achieved through 
hard-won victories over common sense. What we believe 
we know is se dom proven to be true until it has first been 
disproved. Ar d empiricism gives us just the excuse we 
need. Theref(lr , let reason flow from fa ct and not from 
what everybcd knows. Remember : Everybody ca n be 
wrong but fa ':t, never dispute anything. 

(14) Finally, an explicit warning to those of you who are 
serious in YO'Jr pursuit of Palimpsestic meaning : Don't 
worry about! e (ting lrusrrared. ;" the last analysis nothing 
which has bppn achieved by palimpsestic scholars has not 
had its foun j t ion in frustration . From its creat ion in 
deception to its tragic loss somewhere in Asia, probably, 

ENJOY A KJlYJlK 
CAMPING TRIP 
A new concepl '0' In .n,oy.bl. wllk end .n Ihl 
COIOfldo RIver 

• SAfETY bUilt In buoy.ncy 
• CONVEN'ENT f,uw.y.II Ihl wlY 
• ECONOMICAL fD' bud g., m,nded t.m,lr" 
• ADVENTUROUS hplo" prrm,l,vI " ... 

KAYAK RENTAL S1 SO DAY 
fo, B'DCh.,. Willi Dr CIII 

KAYAK RIVER CRUISES by LEISURE CRAfT 
119 E r"" SI Yum. An,o .. 8536. - 160711836633 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesday, Ma 

ecology paper is another 
story but I am afraid that 
your simplistic stand is very 
dangerous for the future of 
our earth. 

Why shouldn't we 
protest? Haven't you read 
our Constitution 7 

Glen Elsner 

Anal 
Profundity 
Editor: 

We have just become 
aware of a campus wide 
campaign to cleanse the 
bath room walls of graffiti. 
We deplore th is 
abominable attack on in-
tellectual freedom in 
UCSD. The bathroom walls 
have long been home of 
some of the most profound 
witticisms, critici sms, and 
theories both scientific and 
political. In fact, one could 
often become inspired by 
the profound philosophies 
of these bathroom 
Aristotles and SI. 
Augustines. 

We hope in the future 
that the hospitable climate 
for bathroom graffiti will 
return as it aids psych ma-
jors in the study of anal 
character and complexes. 
It is also very useful for a 
person to be able to ex-
press himself in the privacy 
of a stall. RETURN INTEL-
LECTUAL FREEDOM TO 
ITS PROPER PLACE IN THE 
UNIVERSITY. 

Signed, 
Jonathan Swift and Company 

Dave Buchbinder & 
Mike Sesma 

Tickle My 
Pickle 
Dear Jonathan Swift: 

I heartily concur with 
your opinion that 
Academic Freedom should 
be preserved at a II costs . I 
do, however, disagree with ' 
your contention that clean-
sing the bathroom walls 
should be viewed as an 
impingement on said 
freedom. Instead, I suggest 
that you view the annual 
cleaning as a device that 
allows freedom of speech 
to become widespread by 
recycling the limited 
amount of space on our 
hallowed walls. After all, 
do you really enjoy reading 
"tickle my pickle" week 
after week? I assert that the 
time for a change has 
arrived . . Signed, 

Hamlet X, Y, and Z 
Don Ornff 

To free or not to free: that is the 
question. Whether it is nobler in the 
mind to call back the prodigal son from 
his exile, with amnesty, or to strike out 
the names on some lists in files f any 
offices of any bureau of the government 
for citizens within the pale of the law. 
How long do you expect us, Catiline, to 
suffer the weight of all that paper? The 
Senate knows that when its members 
questioned the wisdom of the war, they 
had only their political futures to lose if 
their actions were wrong, that those 
enlisted and went along with what the 
Senate could not stop had but their lives 
to lose, and that thoses who refused are 
still in limbo. 

Odysseys are made to end; that much 
is written. The question is who gets 
Penelope. The answer is slow in coming. 
Some will say laws must be observed and 
may themselves have observed I Love 
Lucy when Wayne Morse was saying 
that. Some say they fought for the 
freedom of those who refused to fight 
and seem still more mystifying. Others 
say take 'em back, take 'em all back 
whether they want back or not. 

Still others may want to compromise. 
There are several ways that thi s may 
come about. One possibility is to take 
each exile, chop him in half, leave half 
free in the U.S. and half exiled . This 

might result from a committee decision 
and would involve all manner of com-
plications such as where the chopping 
would take place. If in order to avoid 
such negotiations an in-flight chopper 
were used, precautions would be 
necessary to prevent hijackings. 

If the alternative of imprisoning the 
exiles but making them feel like they're 
not really in jail were tried, likely as not 
some drug laws would be violated. 
Disguising exiles and bringing them 
back into the country would require 
tremendous logistical preparation, to an 
extent that would be prohibitive. 
Besides, if that were what the exiles 
wanted, it would have been done 
already . 

Yet another alternative, which would 
allow for public expression and the 
return of exiles withou t serving prison 
terms, is a trial in the medieval sense. 
Each exile would go to a place wllere 
citizens could stone him . If he lived, he 
would be free . A rule of the proceeding 
would be that the first stone be cast by 
one who has it all together and is certain 
of having done the right thing. A special 
place could be set aside as the National 
Stoning Center, somewhere near the 
center of population, such as Kent, 
Ollio. 

FEIFFER W6 
FroHI56C' 
PEACe 
wtTH 
HabR· 

---

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 
Alexdander Pope 

frustration has followed the palimpsest like darkness after 
sunset. Men have lived and died with the knowledge that 
they really knew nothing at all about its classless hidden 
reservoir of interesting things. And so it must go 
sometimes. But it is the real scholars terrible task that he 
must learn to subdue, tame, even exploit frustration. If he 
can do this, and especially laugh when he is sad, he will 
truly slowly close the quiet gap between the palimpsest's 

I 
C 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

latent quality and his own best interests. 
Richard Flamm 

San Diego, California 
March 4, 1973 

MeAT 
Review and practice lestlng Rlll!Ir~~ ~ 
Medical College Ad~i~e~ 

~ree bro~~ure, write 
~ . AT.STUDIE. CINTER 
'" division of The Minehart Corporation 

P.O. Box 386 New York, N.Y. 10011 

Tue.- Fri. 
9:45-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 8 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233-8328 
-

• 

These three young men just made the 
discovery of. a lifetime. The oldest is 34. 

Remember when young people could get ahead in busi -
ness simply by growing old? It was a good system for 
those with a little talent and a lot of patience, but today' s 
technology moves too fast to waif for seniority. 

At Kodak,our extensive involvement in basic research 
haa made the need Cor fresh, young thinking more press-
ing than ever. So we hire the beat new talent we possibly 
can. Then we do both oC ua a favor by turning them loose 
on real problema, and giving them the freedom and re-
aponsibili ty they need to solve them. 

That's how three Kodak scientists in their early thir-
ties just made a breakthrough in liquid lasers, develop-
ing an organic dye Jaser with a continuous beam. Their 

discovery means more than just a new kind of laser. It 
means a whole range of new laser applications, in fields 
from medicine to communications. 

It was the kind of discovery most men and women 
work a lifetime for. Yet these young men still have most 
of their lifetimes ahead oC them. 

Why do we give young men and women so much free-
dom and responsibility? Because it's good business, and 
we're in business to make a profit. But in furthering our 
own business interests, we also further society's inter· 
ests. And that's good. 

After all, our business depends on sodety. So we 'care 
what happens to it. . 

Kodak 
More than a business. 

Page '1 Tu sday, March 13, 1973 Triton Times 
I I ~. I I I, 



................ announcements ............................ .. 

bus to the slop s leaves at 5 
a.m. sharp (3/13) 

APIS-OPTICS SEMINAR 
Tues., Mar. 13, 1973.Time: 4 
p.m. Place: Room 2301, 
Bldg. 2A, Muir Campus. 
Speaker. Professor M. Herz-
berger, Louisiana State Uni-
versity, New Orleans. Title: 
Contributions to Modern 
Geometrical Optics. (3/13) 

The Recreational Assistants, 
in conjunction with the UCSD 
Ski Club, are again spon-
soring a one day trip to Snow 
Valley Tues., Mar. 13. The 
trips in the past have been for 
only one bus load, however, 
if sign-ups are great enough 
a second bus w ill be 
ordered . Lift tickets will cost 
$3.50, lessons will be either 
$3 or $4, and full rentals $2 
or $3. The cost of transpor-
tation will be $1 .65 per per-
son. Sign-ups are being tak-
en now at the P.E. offices. 
First come, first serve. The 
bus to the slopes leaves at' 5 
a.m. sharp. (3/9) 

A Hatha Yoga class will be 
held in the Adaptive Physi-
cal Education room on Tues. 
and Thurs. noon beginning 
March 13. For add itional in-
formation call Mary Bardo-
ne, 753-2404. (3/1 3) 

wednesday 
A Literature Department in-
formal Wednesday after-
noon meeting: There will be a 
discussion of "Black Music 
and Poetry - or The Poetry 
of Black Music" with tapes of 
Coltrane, Mingus, Parker and 
others, Mar. 14, at 4 p.m. in 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Everyone invited . Coffae, tea 
and cooki es as always . 
(3/13) 

COMMUNICATIONS 
MAJORS - The Com-
munications Committee 
meets every Wednesday 
morning at 9:00 in Room 17 
in the Third College Provost 
office. These meetings are 
open to all interested com-
munications students. II 
would be to your advantage 
to come and check out what 
is going on (EW) 

Polynesian Dancing - every 
Wed., 7:30-8:30 p.m., North 
Balcony of gym. He Noa La-
ni Co., new student organi-
zation, invites all those inter-
ested to come. (EW) 
There will be a very impor-
tant ski club meeting Wed ., 
Bldg. 2C, rm. 1110 at 6:30 
p.m. All ski club members 
and those people planning to 
go on the ski trip to Squaw 
Valley are urged to attend. 
Car pool assignents and 
other information concern-
ing the tr ip will be dis-
cussed . (3/16) 
Muir OC Meeting Wed., 14 
Mar. at 8 p.m. Equipment 
checkins and checkouts are 
still at 5:30 Thurs. Please re-
turn any equipment checked 
out. (3/ 13) 

Interested in being on the 
CalPirg Board of Directors at 
UCSD? Pick up an applica-
tion at EDNA or the Muir 
Fishbowl. All UCSD stu -
dents el igible to run for five 
positions. Deadline to return 
application IS Mar. 14th. 
(3/ 13) 

thursday 
CHAMBER MUSIC FESTI-
VAL Thurs., Mar. 15, 1973, 
4:00 p.m., Rm. 2346, bldg. 
2D, Muir Campus. (3/1 3) 

UCSD Wo men - Slide 
Show: "The Girl In the Pri-
mary Reader", Narrated by 

Helen Harkins. Thurs., Mar. 
15, 1973. Noon. Confer-
ence rm. A, Matthews Cam-
pus. (3/13) 
OPEN AUDITIONS to cast 
the UCSD Children's Play-
ers for Spring quarter will be 
held Thurs. Mar. 15 from 2 to 
5 p.m. at the theatre, 203 
MC. Call backs will be Frl. 
Mar. 16. The Spring pro-
duction of children's theatre 
will be conducted as a group 
study under the direction of 
Bennett E. McClellan. Stu-
dents interested who abso-
lutely cannot make audi-
tions should leave message 
at the Drama office, ext. 
2491, or call Bennett, 755-
7908. (3/19) 
PRE-MED WOMEN : 
CHANGE IN ROOM for re-
testing on Thurs., Mar. 15 at 
5:30 p.m., Rm. 2622, USB. 
Program will be evaluated. 
Your attendance and parti-
cipation is both necessary 
and invaluable. Bring sand-
wich, etc. Program may be 
extended if interest is evi-
dent. (3/13) 
UCSD Table Tennis Club 
meets Mon. & Thurs. at 7:30 
p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. All invited to play. 
More information at X 2803. 
(EI) 

The Women's Liberation 
Front office is open from 
12:30 to 1 :30 every day, and 
people are welcome to drop 
by Rm . 4, 250 MC (ext. 
3006). Also WLF has pot-
luck dinners on alternate 
Weds. and Thurs. (Phone: 
459-7280) . All women invit-
ed . (EI) 

The Triton Wargamlng So-
ciety m .. ta every Thurs-
day night In Room Muir 2C-
1110_ The room I. our. 
from 6 on and we .tay all 
night. All welcome to come 
and play game., (EI) 

general 
Friday, March 16, 9; 11 a.m. 
Graduate Student Council 
meeting, Conference Room 
103A Matthews Campus. 
(3/16) 

OFFICIAL NOTICI FROII 
THI RIOIITRAR', OF-
FICE 

A notice concerning a re-
cent change in our gradong 
policy was mailed to all stu-
dents with Fall Quarter, 
1972, grades. Apparently 
this notice caused some mis-
understanding. The follow-
ing explanation should clari-
fy the new policy: 

Undergraduates may re-
peat courses only when 
grades of D, F, or NP were 
received. When a D, F, or NP 
course is repeated and is 
one among the first sixteen 
(16) units repeated, the ori -
ginal course, grade, and 
grade points will be ex-
punged from the student's 
permanent record . In the 
case of repetitions beyond 
16 units, the original course, 
grade, and grade points will 
remain on the permanent 
record and the grade point 
average will be based upon 
all grades assigned and to-
tal units attempted. D or F 
grades may not be repeated 
on a PINP basis. (3/161 

Writing Clinic is open. Ex-
perienced tutors will read 
your rough draft papers or 
help you with other writing 
problems such as propo-
sals, applications, etc. You 
can make appointments by 
calling X2401 or go to the 6th 
floor of Bldg. 2D. (3/16) 

Anyone interested in be-
coming a tutor in the Lit. 10 
writing program in Fall, '73 is 
invited to apply now and start 
your training in the spring 
quarter. You must have a 3.0 

GPA and 84 units by the end 
of this quarter, Contact Su-
zie Jacobs if you are curious 
or Interested. X1944 or 2D, 
2024. (3/16) 

A list of Revelle Seniors who 
have announced to gradu-
ate at the end of Winter '73 Is 
posted outside the Revelle 
College Provost Off ice . 
Those students who have an-
nounced to graduate should 
check the list to make sure 
their names are on it. (3/16) 

Students interested In enter-
ing law school in Fall 1974:. 
there is counseling availa-
ble. Please leave your name, 
address, and phone number 
with Tom Hull (MC 105). In-
formation will be distributed 
to the people whose ad -
dresses we have. (3/23) 

A computer run of all under-
graduate students at UCSD 
Is now available in the Dean's 
office at Muir College. Any-
one looking for rides or car-
pools with people in their a-
rea can look up their zip-
code and find names, ad-
dresses and phone nJmbers 
of all other UCSD students in 
that area. (3/30) 

Students must renew or clear 
gym lockers no later than 
Frl., Mar. 23. For lockers not 
renewed, clothing & equip-
ment will be removed and 
discarded. (Contents will not 
be bagged) For further in-
formation, call ext. 2282. 
(3/16) 

A slide show on "SINGA-
PORE" will be presented by 
Lana Cheng of SIO on Fri-
day, Mar. 16, at 8 p.m. at the 
International Center Lounge, 
Matthews Campus. EVERY-
ONE WELCOME. Wine and 

cheese will be served after 
the presentation. (3/16) 

Joint APIS/PHYSICS Semi-
nar Fri., Mar. 23, 1973. Time: 
11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Place: 
Rm. 2250, Bldg. 2A, Muir 
Campus. Speaker: Dr. H. 
Schwartz, Rensselaer Poly-
technic Institute. Title: Dif-
fraction and Modulation of 
Electron Waves by Intense 
Laser Fields. (3/16) 

DEADLINE: Tickets for the 
All -Cal Spring Carnival at 
Squaw Valley will only be on 
sale till Friday, Mar. 16. Tic-
kets and other information 
concerning this ski trip can 
be obtained at EDNA Mon., 
Wed., Fri. from 11-1 :00 and 
Tues. and Thurs. from 11-3. 
So hurry and buy your ticket 
to what should be the party of 
all parties. (3/16) 

Representations of repre-
sentations - Photography 
show upstairs in Cluster li-
brary by Visual Arts 167B 
Winter Quarter. (3/16) 

fREE CLASSlflEOS 
Classified ads in the IT are 
free only to registered 
grads and undergrads at 
this campus. All ads must 
be typed. Due to space 
limitations ads can only be 
three lines long, typed on 
a thirty-space line. Any-
thing longer shall be 
charged accordingly . 
Deadlines are: 9 a,m, 
Mon. for the Tues_ edition 
and 6 p.m, Wed. for the 
Fri., edition. No phone in 
ads please, For more info ' 
call ext. 1017_ 

~~ ........................ ~advertise~ents ~r ourselves .. ~ .. ~ 
services 

RUSSian embOSSing , engraving on 
plast,c. RUSSian typing and edillng, 
RUSSian translatIon Bruce Condra. 
453-5346 (311 6) 

Beautllul Rubber Stamp, Zodiac Sym-
bol With name and address lor $4 .45 
Zodiac Picture With name lor $4 95 . All 
stamps 1" by 2" Send name. address, 
and check or moneyorder to ASlrolo-
gy Sen/Ices Company, 4824 Circle Dr , 
San Diego 92116 (3113) 
TYPIST Exp Theses. Repons, Term 
Papers. Mlsc 50¢ pg Beatrice Lynch. 
753-7356 (3116) 
TYPing terms papers. theses, experi -
enced IBM Selecl"c II. 453-8 148 
(3113) 

Income ta)!: serv lCt- Discount lor 
siudents. Siall or 180ul 755-6226 
alter 2 (4113) 
HOT SHIT typing serlce. We give you 
what you want IBM S.leetrlc II (ilnest) 
Infinite e.penence RUSSi an lan-
guage. 00 From 75<. per page Bruce 
Condra 453 5346 1111 3) 

Expert Typing - 5 Y 1 .xperlence on 
all types 01 pape,. asl Sen/Ice Ex-
cellen grammar and ,pt lling 5O¢lpg 
IBM SelectriC C'a·r. mont area Call 
565-7060 (3113) 

lost and found 
LOST Brown beret I, MUir Commons 
- Dorm aree - late I. t week RE-
WARD' 755-6986, or X2755 Loren -
zo (3116) 
Losl Pair 01 gla"" In red ca In 
Revelle Cal (3-5-73) Call 453 8504 
(3113) 

Lost One blue. brown. and while pI.!d 
,"cket WIth black Intenor At gym on 
Wad n, hi 453 2209 Rich - please 
(3113) 

Lost slide rule, lealher case In 4050B 
Please call Chip at 755-3046 Reward 
offered (3/13) 
" Borrowed " at the Argo party, 
Siemens butane lighter Mike Faber, 
Argo 226, 453-9193 (3/13) 

housing 
Needed Female to share duplex In Del 
Mar WI h two other girls V. block from 
beach $751 mo 453-8409 Ask for 
Gall (3/1 6 ) 

Male Roommate Wanted La Jolla 
Village Apts $68 751 mo Call 453-
8157 (3116) 
$55 Sp. Ouarter Fem to share room 
With Med Stud Prl. entra , bath, retrlg 
Across from ocean 454- 1946 (3116) 
For Rent Own room In house In Claire-
mont Pets okay, female preferred Call 
565-0996 (3116) 

Wanted. 2 or more girls to rent full -furn 
2 bdrm apt upstairs PB 3plex $175, 
272-9345 (3116) 

For rent House, new, 2 BR unf . adults 
35 yrs +. no pets, $175 Encinitas, call 
collect (213) 874-8535 eves (3116) 

travel 
CHARTERS YEAR ROUND No more 
club teesl 50 Depanures, also NYC, 
Japan & Australia Youth Fares, too. 
Since 1959 ISTC. 323 N Beverly Dr , 
Beverly Hills, Ca 90210, (213) 275-
8teo (5/29) 
EUROPE. IIRAEL • JAPAN. LOW 
COST STUDENT FI.IGHTS ALL YEAR 
ROU ND SKI & CAMPING TOURS 
A.I."T., 1436 S LA CIENEGA BLVD , 
LOS ANGELES. CA 90035 (213) 652-
2727 (611) 

10TH A NNU A L JET FLIGHTS 
EUROPE I rom S239 round rip . 
JAPAN lrom $359 round -Irlp N W 
YORK April 14-22, $ 172 round-trip 
Call Flight Cha"man, 563 1297, 4246 
(Nerland Ave 0 pt A, Cul'oler City 
90230 (4/3) 

Page 12 Triton Times Tuesday, March 13, 1973 

personals 
As the EMPIRE Farts, so lans ART 
Martha (3116) 

AnnounCing the search lor the Nookle-
Oueen of UCSD Auditions In Blake III 
(3116) 

PLEASE RETURN my plantlrlend , tak-
en Irom outside quonset 324 Will die 
Without medlcation!' (3116) 

DICK - congrats on the Nationals 
Good luck. Mom sends her love and 
thanks lor Ihe autograph. (311 6) 

A land larewell to lellow Revellers and 
Irlends " come VISit me thiS Spring at 
UCLA Elliot (3116) 

KITTENS - both male and lema Ie 
shan-haired, 2 months old, Iree to a 
good home, Candy X 1454 day or 272-
2097 Me (3/16) 

wanted 
Hey, 's anybody driVing 10 S D. Satur-
day lor lhe C,v,l Sen/ICe Exam?? Joe. 
453 -5470 (3113) 

WANTED Good home lor one-year 
old shepherd-collie pooch Friendly, 
very good With children 453-8531 . 
eves (3113) 
Diverse, t'ghl-kmt micro-community 
seeks several crazy people for vacan-
cies left by lamlly members Available 
Apr. t, rent negotiable Renecka need 
not apply Russell 81 Ext. 1117 or 
2060·2072 Glasgow Ave .. Cardlll (late 
evenings). (31 16) 
WANTED loem pad lor ,Ieeplng twin-
size Call Rick, 453-S0NG (3116) 

California Street, Suite 412, San Fran-
C'SCO. Calilornla 94104 (4/24) 
N ed ride to Dartmoulh, or around thai 
are. End 01 Winter quarter GOing to 
IChooI (here ,n the sPring quaner 
John. 453-6206 (3113) 
Ride needed to Sal m, Oregon and 
return R ady to go Merch 21 11 _ -
n,ng Carla, 453-8768 (3116) 

Landscape student needs unwanled 
plants, seeds, bulbs, eiC. 270-0643, 
eve. (3113) 
Want to bUild a hang-kite Have plans 
& elc Need partner wllh exp Teddl, 
274-4534. (3113) 
Upright p,ano wanted , please call 755-
2058 (3116) 
Ride needed; up 10 Palos Verdes, Mar. 
16-17. Call Doug. 453-4768 (3113) 

POETRY WANTEO 
lor Poelry Anthology. Please send 
poetry With stamped return envelope 
10; Contemporary literature Press, 3 11 
California Street, Suite 412, San Fran-
CISCO. Cail lornia 94104 (4/24) 

for sale 
'68 Kawa 250 scrambler. Mach xlnt. 
Streel or d irt . Extras. 5250 Cell 
George, 6pm. 459-61 14. (3116) 

4 Dorman's recaps wI tubes. 5;90/ 15 
'" VW. $25. Call George 6pm 459-
6 11 4. (3116) 

'58 Chevy Sta. Wgn. Runs well 5150 
Call 486-29 12 eves (3116) 

Singer Zigzag Portable, case, anach-
ments, guarantee $65 After 51 wknd. 
272-8768 (311 6) 

Kneeboard S10, Doug , 453-0992. 
(3116) 

AM/FMlMPX 1973 PIONEERI GAR-
RARD 200 wan New 5500, want 5350 
Wayne, 755-8783, nights. (3/16) 

Two lelephones made by ITT $20 
each . 453-8722, A.k lor Michael 
(3116) 

Tired 01 puttlng your hend over the 
phone and your Cilier I bll hearing whit 
you say? Try phone cansor you pUSh 
a bunon and lelephOne trensml lion IS 
temporanly Interrupted Call 453-8722 
(3116) 
'63 Carvalr Monza, automat c , chfNlp 
IransportatlOll. 590 753-0534 nigh 
or 453-2000 al(f 2015 days (3113) 

Stereo-Harmon Kardon HK50 bit-In 
Dual 1209 table, shure cart. 8" spk, ex. 
cd $300 Lydia, 453-6976 (311 3) 

For sale weI suit. O'Neil, like new, size 
small -med , $1 2 Call 488 -8453. 
(3113) 

Conn ConSlellation Trumpet. Excel. 
condo Want $250, or beSI otler. New 
$450. Eves 755-3623 or 274 -8249. 
(311 3) 

FREE Desk, Good shape, Size 22/40 (I 
think), call 453-5123, leave name and 
number. (3113) 

Tosh iba 8-track stereo amp. wI 
speakers excellenl condo $ 100. wl lree 
tapes, 453-5363 Mark Wollord. (3113) 

For sale. 1971 Honda CB350; 15,000 
mi . Smoolh, gold. $475 753-5942. 
(3113) 

Double bed with antique-type Irame -
530. 755-3296 eve • . (3113) 
Sponaor needed Ir Thoroughbrd geld-
Ing wl Eng taCk, Irom April thru Sept 
1973; Holly, 755-6520. (3116) 

For 88le, New 1971 Fial 124 coupe, 
Excellent ConditIOn, Bast oller. 453-
5423 (4 /6) 

'67 Plymouth Sport Coupe Fury III 
Bronze with blk vinyl top. Aut. trans. 
Power ' seat. ltearlng, brak". Tinled 
glass, radio, heater, new radial W.W. 
tlre8 - ONE OWNER - Sharp condo 
S850 Jeri, 453-2768 after 5 (3/16) 

'65 Olds Vllta Cruiser F-85 Green 
Station Wagon, 9 passenger, tilt ateer-
Ing wheel , red lo , heeter, Power: 
brak", windows. LMlher int" Miche-
lin tires In lair Cand Ex condo 5550 
JerI. 463-2768, after 5 (3/16) 

'64 Chev. Carvelr Monze Coupe-
Wht WIth blue leather Int radIO, haat-
er, lactory air cond while wall tlr" -
ONE OWNER - excellent cond $350 
J rl, 453-2768 alter 5. (3116) 
'87 Cheoiy II, 6cyl, Auto S5Q9 Call 
219- 1837 No (317) (3113) 

For eale. '62 Alphe Romeo Spyder new 
brakes $5501 offer, Humanic ski boots 
sz- 10, $45; 10-speed bike (campi-
equipped) $110, call Steve eves .. 755-
2382, MWF afts.; X1570 (3113) 

1955 VW bus, rebuilt engine, trans 
new clulch brakes, shocks, banery. 
Runs well. $350. Peter, 755-7669. 
(3/ 13) _ 

CLASSICAL GUITAR Irom Spa in. 
Esti'l'ated worth in excess 01 S300. Will 
sell for $220 Excellent quality, tone. 
Bruce, 453-5346. (3113) 
1963 Dodge Dart, very gcioct condition, 
recently overhauled. $459. Call Sue, 
453- 1357 (3/13) 

Must sell; new Panasonlc turn-tablel 
speakera! 72 wan amp. wi options, 
make oHer, 453-4025. (3113) , 

ALFA ROMEO, 1969 Spider Veloca 
(conv.) 2 new Mlchellns XZs recent 
valve job $2200 or best offer 453-
9399 aft. 6 p.m. (3113) 

DODGE LANCER 1961. Rebu il t 
engine, good trans new brakes Will 
88le the pans and give you the car. 
S tOO. 453-9399. (3113) 

FANTASTlCi" Brand New Factory 8 
Track Tapes and Cassen". Rock. 
country and Folk music . Wes, 274 -
0429. (3113) 

Women's Knlesal Lace Ski Boots. Size 
5-8. Cheap snd good lor beginner. 
4596568. (3113) 

'69 Opel GT, 115 h.p. Konil , Luca. 
Stereo AM-FM. New radial. & trensl 
clutch Fant"tlc. Terry, 755-36231 
274-8249. (3113) 

For .. Ie; Sol. bed, 2 ch.III, 2 piece 
sectional, anare drum with ltand Make 
oHer 755-9128, 133ee Ponofino Dr., 
Del Mar. (3/13) 

1966 Volkswagen BUI W11h Newty Re· 
built engine, New Brak" Ind palnL 
$1 , 150 00 Yvonne .r 753-7042 or 
453-2000 )(2538 (3118) 

f 


