
Volume 20, Number 15 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO Tuesday, November 13, 1973 

Third College Construction To Start 
Construction of Third College's 

Academic Unit I will begin this April. All 
buildings in this first of three phases of 
academic structures will be ready for 
occupancy by December of 1975. The 
building site is located betwe n the 
Centra l Library and Muir College . 

Four buildings will be includ d in 
Academic Un it I. The stru tures ar "C", a 
cie nce/ t a hing laboratory fa ility; "8", a 

faculty re ear h/sc ience building;" R", a 
cia sroom/I cture hall structur ; and "F", 
a ommunications building. 

1980. 
Cost of the Acad mic Unit I nuilcling 

will be approximat Iy $7 ,400,000 Ihlllcling 
" B", a three story r earch/~cl('nce fac illt 
will cost approxlmat Iy 2,0 9,000 Tht' 
structure will provide space for nlolog , 
chemistry , phYSICS, and applt d phy~l("ill 
ciences laboratorl Offi ce ancl 

laboratory servlc room~ will a l ~o b 
Includ d 

The two tory, ~ c len e teac hin g 
laboratory, building "C" will m t r l o~(' to 
$924,000 

Building " R", osting $482,000, \-\tli According to huck Power, A istant 
U SD Archite t , and sup rvisor of Third 
Co il ge building projects, Academic Unit I 
will be "very re idential in character . .The 
ba ic philo ophy is to keep a low rise, 
re idential cale on the campus. This is 
primarily a reaction to the high-rise, 
concrete monster concept." Powers 

campus." He states t at many of the 
buildings will have beautiful views- the 
mountains to the East, and the ocean to 

building she is badly eroded now, by the 
time the project is completed, the plan-
ning landscaping will have corrected the 
problem. 

ontain one 300 seat Ie ture hall and o n(' 
125 S at I ture hall AI 0 Included ar£' 
three 40 at la rooms whi ch can b(' 
converted to two 60 s at room~ With u of 
moveable partitions 

A two-story communications center , 
building " F", witl provld t achin g 
facilities for TV, radiO, and audiO-Visual 
sciences. It will contain two teaching 
laboratories, offices classroom factlltl 
and a "scene shop" for manufacturing 
graphics, scenery, and prop . The building 
could also be used as a center for the 
production of closed-circuit television on 
the campus . The cost of this structure IS 
estimated ta $928,700. 

tressed, in a recent interview, that this 
project is designed to meet the needs and 
desires of Third College people and to get 
away from the high-rise atmosphere at 
Muir. 

the West. / 
Building materials will be concrete and 

concrete-block finished with rough plaster. 
Earth-tone wooden facing panels will add 
contrast to the edifidces . The cumulative 
effect of the low-rise concept and building 
materials will be "more human scale" 
structures, Powers hopes . 

Two additional phases of Academic 
Buildings will be added to the Third 
College campus . Academic Unit II will be 
totally devoted to the social sciences. 
Permanent buildings will be constructed to 
house such majors as Urban and Rural 
Studies and Third World Studies . This 
second step is due to open in September of 
1980. 

Taking advantage of the building site's 
rolling hills, some of the structures will be 
dug into the hillsides . Students will enter 
the second floor of several of the buildings 
from ground level because of this . 

Extensive landscaping, planned 

Powers describes the Third College 
locale as "one of the most plea ant on 

throughout the project, will be completed 
by January of 1976. "We are retaining 
every tree of salvagable value," Powers 
emphasizes . He added that though the 

Academic Unit III , to be devoted to the 
hard sciences, is tentatively set to open in 

The Los Angeles arch itectural firm of 
Kennard and Silvers, Arch itect / Planners, 
designed the buildings . 

McElroy Issues Ce~ter Statement U(~ Affirmative Action 
Hoping to assuage what 

As i tant to the Chancellor 
David Ryer termed "am-
biguity" surrounding the 
Univ rsity' position on the 
propo ed Town Cent r, th 
Chanc Ilor 's office has 
rei as d a 9-pag 
background pap r, in -
orporatin g the U SD 

position, a hort history of 
th Town Cent rid a, and a 
qu stion-an w r e tion . 

I n a hort preface to th 
pap r, addressed to "a ll 
m mbers of the U.c. San 
Di go community, 
Cha ncellor William 
MElroy comm nt d, "We 
plan to endor e the concept 
of a multifunctional center 
b cause, on balance, a well -
planned and integrated 
center of this kind seems 
preferable to the likely 
alternatives." 

The paper strongly states 
its concern that plans for 
the Center remain within 
guidelines dictated by the 
University Community 
Plan, formulated in 1971 by 
"the City of San Diego 
Planning Department in 
cooperation with citizens of 
the commu nity, UCSD, and 
various other 
organizations ." 

According to the paper, 

tl the administration hopes " that construction of the Center as an "economically 
viable entity" will prevent 
'''spot-zoning' and helter-
sk Iter development", 
factors whi h the school 
f el will lead to Lo 
Ang les-type urban sprawl . 
" The b t insurance against 
thi is a well-d ign d and 
w II-planned d v lopm nt 
ontrolled a a Plann d 
omm rial Di trict." Su h 

a di tri t, whi h would b 
form d by th an Di go 

ity oun il if it approv 

By John Taylor 
the Town Center at it 
November 15 meeting, 
would provide for "con-
tinuous input from 
member of the University 
and lown C nter com-
muniti . rurther insurance 
would b a sured through 
the e tablishment of a 
Plann d Comm rcial 
Di tri t that would require 
ea h propo d project for 
th nt r to be approved 
by th City Planning 
Commission . 

Requirements 

The background paper 
also includes a copy of 
McElroy's statement to the 
University Town Center 
Associates, the firm that 
will implement the Town 
Center plan , comprising 
specific requirements for 
the Center. UCSD threatens 
to withhold its support 
unless the specific 
guidelines in the position 
paper are met. The general 
position of the University 
follows : 

"The development of a 
well-p lanned Town Cen-
ter ... imp lements the 
University Plan and is 
considered to be in the best 
interests of U.c. San Diego 
and the adjacent com-
munity. A vital, active 
center of residential , 
cultural, civic, commercial, 
and recreational activities is 
considered essential to 
provide a center of interest 
for the University Com-
munity. A stated in th 
Univ rsity Community 
Plan , th Town C nter core 
should b the ar a of major 
community a tivities and 
hould provid an im-

portant unifying I m nt 
and fo al point for th 
int gration of Univ r ity 
and ommunity lif . 

''The ultimat iz of th 

Town Center core should be La t Thursday UC Vice President Robert L. women to take courses in mathematl s, 
scaled to the projected Johnson reported on the UC affirmative physical sciences, engineering, business 
population of the action program to the Assembly Committee administration, etc, in order to qualify for 
University Community, on Employment and Public Employees. positions traditionally assigned to men and 
estimated at 100,000. When Johnson stated that all nine UC campuses to develop the background essential for 
the Town Center ore is first have affirmative action program which admission to graduate and profeSSional 
opened, and at each lid scribe the organization of and chools II 
succes ive tag, a well- re ponsibility for affirmative action , the John on tated that a central diffi culty 
planned balanc of us procedure for determ ining any un - connected with UC affirmative actIOn 
should be provided, in- d rutilization of women or minoritie , th programs IS the high costs which the e 
cluding housing, developed step to be taken to correct any un- programs entatl The e co ts are for 
op n spaces, commercia l derutilization, and outlines the policie and r cruitment for a ad ml and taft 

~hop, lVI, ultural , and program for as uring non-de crimination In po ition th dev lopm nt of comput r 
r reational facilities . Th employment." programs, and educatlonl program for 
rate of growth of the Town According to Johnson many advances in supervisors in employe development and 
Center and the Town Center the area of equality for women at UC have program to in ure awarene of th n d 
core hould clos Iy parallel b ep made in the last decade. " T n years of women and mlnoritie . 

tha~ of th defined ago", he tated, "only 8% of th Ph D. Johnson said that " In 1973-74 
University community in awarded by this university were conferred University received $250,000 from the 
each of the above areas of upon women . In 1971-72, 15.4 P rcent of Legislature for affirmative action program 
use." the Ph .D.s were women, and in 1972-73 this We had r quested $1,080,000. For 1974-75 

In addition to the above figure increased to 16.2 percent. As the the Regents have approved a specifiC 
facilities, the University number of women attaining Ph .D .s in-- request of $790,000. Additional financial 
requires that remaining creases, so too will there be more women upport from the tate would undoubtedly 
land within the Center be entering the faculty and progressing through help to achieve affirmative action ob-
use d a c c e pta b I y, tenured ranks." jectives more quickly. Neverthele s the 
specifically for "a Johnson also pointed to advanced in the University is committed to affirmative 
residential character areas of maternity leave benefits and UC action efforts and affirmative action 
consistent with the housing retirement programs. programs; lack of additional financial 
needs defined" in the He stated that the University is engaged assistance simply means it will take longer 
University Plan of 1971 . The in efforts " to encourage undergraduate than otherwise be true." 
position paper also requires 
that the appropriate 
"ancillary" facilities, such 
as schools, be included in 
plans for any residential 

Town Center Vote 
On Thursday, the San The vote will be taken at center will be given a 

Diego City Council will vote an all day open meeting chance to voice the view , 
on the University Com- wh r proponent and The out om of Thur-

.... m_u_n_itv __ C_e_n_t_e_r_p_r_o_po_s_a_1. _o_p_p_o_ne_n_ts_o_f_t_h_e~p_ro...:po __ e_d __ c::.o::..:..:n.:.;t1.;.;n.;:;u.;:;ed.;:. on pQ. '3 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

A mlnar conce rned 
with th ucce s of wom n 

" ma le-d om ina ted " 
upation will be 

pr nt d by Care r 
Planning and Placem nt on 
Thur day at :00 p.m, in the 
R v II rormal Loung . 

organization involved with 
th advancement of wom r 
in that fi Id, Dr. Hutchin i 
on ern d with n-
ouraging wom n to nter 

fields , u h as phy;i -~ .. ItIJ 
ngin ring, that hav b n 

dominated b m n. 



Dow 
Blows 

Campus Clubs 
Hope For Space 

By Rick Drom 

~dCbeap 
Edward Simons Shots 
(Preface : In keeping with the editorial policy of the 

Triton Times, this column has strenuously avoided 
trying to convey any semblance of truth . However, last 
Friday's touching editorial on page two provoked the 
low Blows and Cheap Shots news staff to inject a few 
doses of fact into this week's turkey . 

We are sorry that pictures of all the interviewees 
could not be provided . But by the sheerest coincidence, 
one of the RA's was pictured in last week's column . 
Unfortunately, policy forbids us to use her name.) 
Student seen throwing balloons : 

LB&CS : Do you think your actions could be con-
sidered to be those of a pig? 

Student: (laughs) No. 
LB&CS : What do you think about th is watertight? 
Student: I t's great, man . I've nailed nine dudes. 

already-wait! (throws balloon) make that ten . (yells) 
the concrete, idiot! 

LB&CS : What is your motivation? 
Student : Well , I guess I am a pig . I'm interested in 

setting precedents, you know. Aside from all that, I 
guess I'm frustrated because my candidate didn't win . 

LB&CS : Oh? Who was that? 
Student : linda Jeness . 
LB&CS : I see . 

Student on sixth floor : 
LB&CS : Excuse me, sir. Could I speak to you for a 

moment? 
Student : (yelling) Argo , you' re beautifull Yeah, what 

do you want? 
LB&CS : You seem to be trying to stop this fight . Are 

you an RA? 
Student : Yes . 
LB&CS : Oh really? Which floor? 
Student: Not here. I n those other dorms. 
LB&CS : I see . I imagine you were called to help stop 

the waterfight. 

Th is week the Student 
Center Space Comm itteee 
will decide which student 
organizat ions ,will be 
housed in t he new 
University Center and 
which will be in 250 M .e. 
this year . 

This group, a sub-
committee of the Un-
dergraduate Student 
Council (TUSC), is com-
posed of students from all 
three colleges and from the 
Graduate Student Counci I. 
Before making any 
decisions, it will meet with 
all student organizations 
and discuss their needs with 
them . 

This space committee is 
advisory to the new 
University Center director, 
Mark Bookman . Bookman, 
a law student from UClA, 
will run the new University 
Center when it opens 
sometime in January. 

Over 70 student 
organizations have been 
sent letters requesting 
information as to their 
present and future space 
needs. In addition each 
organ iza tion has been 
scheduled to meet with the 
space comm ittee this week 
in the co nference room in 
building 250 on Mathews 
campus. 

All clu bs and 
organizations which do not 
receive this letter should 

,call Mark Bookman at 
x2943 in order to receive 
consideration . All clubs 
which do not respond to the 
letter or come to a meeting 

will not be allotted space . 
The committee faces a 

difficult task : deciding 
which of the 70 plus student 
organizations will be able 
to have space on campus. 
All cu rrent space i n 250 
M .e. will be re-allocated by 
the committee . Still, there 
will only be about 20 offices 
available for all 70 
organizations, (about eight 
in 250 M .e. and about 10 
new offices in the university 
center) . 

The following is a list of 
the times that organizations 
have been scheduled to 
meet with the space 
committee in the 250 M.c. 
conference room . If a club 
can not send a represen -
tative at the scheduled 
time, then students should 
call Mark Bookman, x2943, 
as soon as possible to 
arrange a better time. 

Those clubs which do not 
appear at the schedu led 
times and do not return the 
questionaire by Fr iday, 
November 16th, w ill not be 
elligible to receive space. 
9:00 a.m . Wednesday , 
November 14 
Asian-American Student 
Alli ance 
Aikido Club 
Auto Parts C<HlP 
BSSO 
CALPIRG 
Chess Club 
A Group with No Name 

9:30 a.m. Wednesday (11-
14) 
S.D . Lacrosse Club 
Continued on Page 7 

Student : No, not really . I just thought I'd come over 
and show the housing office what a good boy I am . 
There weren't any heads to crack at my hall , and (bei ng 
an RA) I was feeling kind of self-righteous anyway, so I 
came over here. 

LB&CS: Is that all? 
Student : Well, no ... ln my hall , no one takes me 

seriously . Here, I can buffalo all sorts of people into 
submission . (yells) A girl gets glass in her eye- real I 
funnyl (RA's laugh) 

Christian Emphasis Week 
Offers Different Perspective 

LB&CS Note: We don't think it's funny . A girl was hurt 
and these RA's laugh , using her injury to gain favor for 
themselves . These RA's, we' re told, have a history of 
such actions . The story is told that not long ago a couple 
of people in one RA 's dorm were playing a stereo quite 
loud . in an effort to retaliate, a person in an adjoining 
dorm turned on his PA system-driven by a colossal one 
watt amplifier . True to form, the RA walked into the 
room of the person who owned the mammoth PA, 
grabbed the kazoo from the decadent musician who 
was playing "The Star Spangled Banner", and told him 
to kno c k it off . 

Such fairness should not go unnoticed , and we're sure 
it won't. However , we of the LB&CS staff feel that this 
Continued on page 7 

Academic Senate 
There will be a meeting will be presented to the 

for all interested members Senate for approval on 
of the Academic Senate on November 27, 1973, and it 
FridJY November 16, 1973 is hoped that this 
at 1.00 p.m . in Room 2622 preliminary discussion will 
Unc,ergraduate Scie nce be helpful to the members 
Building to discuss with the of the Senate in considering 
Pro"ost and members of the this importan t issue . 
Planning Faculty the Ref reshments will be 
AcaJemit, Plan cf Fourth served. 
Colle~e . The Academic Plan 

,lal Lindsay, author of 
i he late Great Planet Earth, 
will speak on the subject of 
Bible Prophecy this Friday 
on the Revelle Plaza . The 
speech will deal with the 
presentday relevance of 
Biblical prophecies. 

The event will occur at 
the end of Christian Em-
phasis Week (12th-16th) . 
On the 13th there will be a 
discussion on "Sex and the 
New Morality". The 

SANSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 
(JARRARD SL 9.)B TURNTAB LE with Shute M91E Cartridge & Needle. Dust 
cover & base. Super powerful SANSU I OR 500 , 4 channel quadraphonic AM I 
FM !MPX receiver. 4 Apollo 600 threcw ay air suspension speakers with 12" 
woofers , 6" midrange & 3" tweeter , in deluxe walnut encl osures. Speakers 
25" high &. 40 pounas each . $1100 list price. Save 1600. Complete or small 
payments. NOW ~qaoo 
o*e~*ea ~r.Q SAN DIEGO AUDI09*O*O*~ 
WEEKDAYS. 10-8 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .287-7830 SAT & SUN. 10-S" 

'Page 2 Triton Times, November 13, 1973 

discussion will · center 
around questions con-
cerning the absoluteness or 
relativity of morality, the 
psychological effects of 
sexual l iberality, and the 
relevancy of the Bible to 
sexual behaviour. 

On Thursday the topic for 
discussion is "The Devil 
Trap". The discussion will 
focus on Satan and the 
occult. The two discussions 
will be held at 8:30 in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

Send 'or your up·to<ellt., 160111 ... 
mlil order Cltlloc. Enclose $\.OO 
to com postllt tde livery t ime Is 
t to 2 eIIys). 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE 8lVD~ SUITE #2 

LOS ANGELES, CAlI~ 90025 
t2131477·U74 or 477·5493 

Our ' " .. ,ch ",,'frla, i. ,Old tOf 
r .... re" ,"lltIflct only 

Exodus 
by Joan Garwood 

On the distant day, saddened by greetings, tired of all 
and new, elderly, thick, without a vision in sight, 
thinking of these times and no other, I left my close and 
sultry room with legs blackveined and trembling and 
went to the sea I say, to the sea and down, past all 
language and calamity and inspiration, past all suffering 
and joy in its many disguises, knowing each step a pa in 
each pain a step . Always to the sea I go as I go, la mer," 
to wait for the revelation . '. 

Before sinking deeper . ~ 
Soon it arrived, expanded, deriving form from the 

lamp of the moon . It found my si n, or so it thought, 
smiled agreeably, and said it is for your pride that you 
are damned, Miss, your pride and your intellectual 
vanity . You are disgraceful, defen seless, quite guilty. 
For infinity. 

I blushed , and those who had been looking for it, saw. 
-So why are you here? (It was relentless) . 
-For reason . 
-Good. Then you were ready to receive the truth . 
-I was offended by the truth. 
-Give me another . 
-I cannot . 
It prodded. 
-Then I say to you that I do not like your heavi ness. 

So close you stand . I do not like your breath that clings. 
When you touch me I crumble . I find nothing in you , no 
mirrorin your silver, slick image, no beat to follow in 
your chatter . You must be ... 1 insist you are not why ' 
have come. 

-You prevayle, and lose. 
-Was there a choice? 
-Almost. Now I go. 
And vanished quickly. 
I shivered in the nihilistic darkness, waiting, 

suspecting, prey to natural laws. Waves, laced golden 
and green yet grey, the color of grapes pulp, lapped 
gently against the shore , never still , moving, ordered 
and correct. I searched for flux, a flash or dagger, 
anything sharp or substantial, but found only disturbing 
peace, oppressive calm, a somethingness uncombative 
and unyeilding; a nothingness superior, victorious . The 
pines merely swayed in the breeze, empty of meaning or 
si gn, all flat , planar, smooth without ripp le or crinkle, 
formless and huge. I was ignored . 

Until sunrise . 
But now, on the distant night, a night of deter-

mination , each stick was a snake, every sound a war-
ning. I armed myself with heightened senses against this 
environment vaguely hostile wh ich chose to keep me 
beyond , alone . It was a test . There are no other tests 
than those we find when alone . It was a test. There are 
no other tests than those we find when alone with 
nature and forced to find meaning from the void, the 
wonder . To pass is to survive and as a further reward we 
grow stronger. we endure. With pride. This prj de is our 
grace, our defense, but yes ; in knowing pride we lose 
our innocense. I shall stay to discover if we are also 
damned. For infinity. 

(At the age of nine I fell in love with Beth . She was 
Continued on 7 

Maharishi Center Set 
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR SOMETHING EXCITING TO 

00 ON FRIDAY NIGHT? Are you ready for an evening 
that could change your entire life? Maharishi In-
ternational University (MIU) invi te's you to an evening 
of incredible insight into a fasc inating new system of 
educational techniques and goals on Friday, November 
16 at 8 pm in the Muir Campus Cafeteria. I 

ARE YOU COMPLETELY SATISFIED WITH YOUR 
PRESENT EDUCATION? Would you be interested in the 
opportunity to expand your creative potential? MI U 
brings dignity and quality to traditional education by 
encouraging th'e full potential (mental , physical and 
environmental) of every student to be developed . 
Theoretical and practical aspects of each field of 
knowledge are investigated by all students . 

The goal of MIU is to create FULLY educated in-
dividuals. A typical quarter in the first year of study 
contains eight weeks of interdiSCiplinary classes 
followed by four weeks of Forest Academy where a 
student can meditate and study communication skills in 
a relaxed atmosphere . 

DOES THIS SOUND TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE? Do 
you want to hear more? Friday n ight at Muir Ca feteria 
wi ll change your outlook on education. There will be 
co lor video tape , xhibits and a lecture. Bring your 
questions. ~ 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Srreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for servke 
Mon.-Sat. 
8:45- 5:30 
Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

2t4e EL CAJON ILVD. 
SAN DIEGO. CA 82104 

OPINION 
Open Letter 

To 
Congressman Wilson 

I '\n Open Letter To ongressman Wilson : For 20 years we've hard of presid ntial elect ion 
reform and have seen nothing. Now, we and the rest of 
the " Silent Majority" have no legal recourse with which 
to recall our votes of last year . Those ballots w re stolen 
from us, sir, by deceit, fraud and sabotage. 

We have lea rned that less than 3 weeks after his 
inauguration in 1969, Nixon enlarged the air war in 
Vietnam to inclu de Cambod ia . He had just narrowly 
won an election in wh ich he campaigned on 
deescalation. M oreover, he conducted this air war in 
secrecy from the Congress and the People of the United 
States . And you, sir, when these facts came out, what 
did you do? NOTHING! 

We have learned that the government has spen t 
millions of dollars refurbi shing Nixon's private 
residences. These residences were acquired under the 
shadi st of circumstances and are maintained by the 
government in spi te 01 the fact that the People have 
already provided a mansion and mountain re ort. Th (II rovernment A counting Office has con luded that j,ere has b en mi sappropriation of fund . And you, sir. 
what have you done? NOTHINC! 

W have seen Nixon r peatedly exercis what 
amounts to a budgetary line-item veto-a power on-
SplCUOU Iyab nt from the constitution-by impounding 
congr s ionally approved fu nds. You , sir, have b en 
chosen by us to decide how ou r taxes should b pent 
And wh at, si r, have you done in re ponse to the usur-
pation of your onstitutional powers? NOTHING! 

We have Nixon's own admission that he approveCl the 
Houston plan, a plan advocating bugging and burglary. 
The proposa l itself contained express statements to the 
effect that what it sought to implement was illegal. It's 
not only illegal , but in blatant violation of the Bill of 
Rights . Sir, we have fought wars for this Bill of Ri ghts. 
It's what 1776 was all about. Yet because he was candid , 
you exonerated him . Nixon admitted to the most 
heinous vio lation of the constitution and you, si r, did 
NOTHINGIII! 

We have watched the Senate Investigations on illegal 
campaign activities and the myriad related indictments 
and convictions for bribery, slander, wire-tapping, 
burglary, illegal corporate contributions, obstruction of 
justice and so on ad nauseam. Of cour e, what 's 
nauseating is to watch you and the rest of the snivelling. 
yellow-bellied cowards ignore the fact that the 1972 
election was a fraud. You have seen the entire fabri c of 
Continued on page 7 

·triton times 
"'lw morr I know (If Pl"'OI)IC'. thl' more I 

('nJoy ilul()p!'li'-'~·· Wm O .... It·r 

Editor In ChIel ... Oavid Buchbinder 
City Edllor ..................... Greg Hicks 

MlnlQlno Edllor .... Michael S.lIma 
Copy Edtlor ............. J8mes G. Soto 
Bu.I_ MeNger ... N.ncv Mancino 

Edllnl DlnoctOl ...... Mark McCarty 

All. Editor ................ Ler'Y Deckel 

SpoI1. editor .............. Eric Roi ... .. ( j::..::~;;::: :·~~·,~O::::~ 
Socnoury ..................... Co""n. Cacas 
AtlOCllle City Edl..... . ... Rick Drom 

New. Uepart.menl Ar1I Otplrtm~nt 
Lee Burke Rue llinton 
Joan Garwood ';barl .. Hyde 
Ed Simord )on Maker 
Chris Rauber Juliana Jen!lef\ 
Charlie Heimler Gr .. Leonard 
John Taylor Mindy Soon 
Holly Hitzeman Mike Thomas 
Roberta Rehn Ani II 
Richard Pool Cortcy Cocas 
Bu.mn ~par1menl Mike Thomas 
Robert Broynstein Sport. Dtp.rtm~ftl 
Donna Yamamoto Mork LIIIta 
Rue Ulnton Tucy Bertolucci 

Predudlon 
Betay Krut,er 
Bob Kramer 
G10rta Slominski 
Malcolm Smith 
Peter Gillis 

Larry Baldwin 
KIrk Rollinson 
SKrdari.1 ~ lS,an t" 
Comille caeas 
Kathy eo. e 
I'hoiOlraphy 
D.yld Hurst 

H ann"" Cohen "py Re.,le .. Larry Winn 
Marla Puente 

""I. BuaI_ ......... . Ramon Rui. Debbie Perl"". Scott Thayer Mlchlel Greene 
The TRITON TIMES I. oHlc letlv recognized a •• sludent 
newspeper by the Communication Board of the University of 
California. San Diego, Building 21iO. Manhewl C.mp .... La 
Jolla. Celifornlal2031. Publlcetlon I. twice weekly on Tue.days 
and Fr iday •. OHlc .. are located In Room 117. Blake Hall. 
Revelle Campu • . For edvenlalng phone 463-8722. or 4!i3.2lIOO. X 
1017; for editorial or new. phone X 101 •. 

White-Folks 
Newspaper 

Editor, Triton Times 
In re pon to the "Bla k 
Woman " who can't g t no 
"SATISFACTION"; In th 
Oct. 30 i su . 

I refu e to b I ieve that it 
was a BLACK WOMAN who 
actually wrote that letter. I 
think it wa probably some 
white chick trying to catch 
yet another BLACK 
BROTHER in her Beastly 
cl utches; That's all we need 
is another Nigger with a 
o vii Woman ! Bes ides, it is 
too hard for me to conceive 
of any Black Woman who 
has y t to b Satisfied by 
any Black Man . EspeCially, 
with all th ese Bloods 
around here! I'm afraid that 
I have more faith than that 
in my Black Broth ers . Yea, I 
figured it was some white 
woman or whit dud ven. 
who i trying to 
propagandize that Black 
People ar n't rea ll y uperior 
to whites in s x any more 
and t her fore, Amerika 
doe n't really need us to be 
th e "whore" because there 
ar mor than enough white 
people who ar unem-
ployed and can use the 
work and thu . the Black 
People shou ld be don 
away With (like Hitler done 
to 6 million lews and like 
th I uropf'an . in luding 
the European Am nkan , 
done to som 100 million 
Black African people over a 
[lPriod of 500 years to thi s 
v ry day) . Anyway , to prove 
that this per on wa white 
without any doubt, I would 
like for th is so ailed " Black 
Woman" to meet me at 4:30 

~ . m ., aturday at the bus-
stop near (or next) to the 
Cashier's Office, Bui lding 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3246lPOm AlBA "vo. 

(AM* from Sporr. Arene) 
-rna Wlilia .... ,. FIlD 

-a.TACT LEIIB FlTlEleIEP .. 
... : Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; SIt. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2171 224-1174 

~~ f •. .'.,lrl , ,~. ""'. 14 
. ~ , .. " 

,.teet fa.hlon • . 
In wire framN 

NOW, ON WITH THE INVESTIGATION •• • 

401 , Matth w Campus. If 
she doe n't how then. I'll 
know that ~he'~ white L 
hop she do sn't have the 
audael ty to show If she IS 
white becau e she m II;: ht 
get her feeling hurt, and If 
I'm angry nough p rhaps 
ven more than that. If, by 

some unfortunate chance, 
ther is ~uch a "Black 
Woman" I wil l proceed to 
confront h r on the issue of 
end ing such a personal 

letter to the White fo lks 
news-paper . No matter how 
horny her situation is, there 
is si mply no justification for 
it. It would have been more 
conducive for her to 
confront a Brother on a 
person to person basis. We 
might even go off into 
discussing her problem and 
ee if we can somehow 

re olve it. A Sister, (if she is 
a sister) in that ki nd of 
shape cou ld be lost to the 
other side if he do sn't get 
help qui k. 

A BLACK MAN 

Kodak Ad 
Criticised 

Editor, Triton Times 
rrom th Triton Times 

is ue of ovember 6 it 

b comes obvlou that your 
paper no longer ha any 
pretensions to a balan ed 

prE'~entation of vlewpOlnt~ 
but In t ad actlv Iy ~up­
ports a reactionary. 
apologist POSition What 
could be more blatant rlght-
wing propaganda than th 
full -pag Kodak ad on pag 
3 showing a boy in a 
"STR IKE" T-shirt handing 
out leaflets with the 
comment below: "Maybe 
the way to change the 
world IS to joi n a large 
corporation "? What could 
be more offensive to a 
student population (the 
paternalistic con n ing is 
advertising at its most 
arrogant), dnd yet to be fed 
this kind of garbage in our 
own student newspaper! It's 
worse than any Campus 
Studies propaganda forced 
on us in year past. It 
reinforces the attempt in 
other media to convince 
people that the tudent 
movement i virtually 
defunct , to uch a degree 
that activists can even be 
per uaded to lOin their 
enemle It' appalling that 
you should accept thiS ad 
and pnnt it at full size in a 
strat gi po Itlon, but what 
IS wor e you reinforce it two 
page later In a gratuitous 
article (next to a R F 

Goodrich rec.rUltln~ ddJ th'lt 
nelpncls corporatlom dnd 
minim lies their IHJ\\f'r 
u ncler the IWd(iI n I.; 
"Fconomlst A~~ail~ .\.hth " . 
A Mason PO~\ II [rIPS out 
In th dark In hiS artie Ie on 
page 7. publlcltv cmt, 
money. and full -page ads a 
lot of money It' not 
unr asonable 0 think that , 
to ke p Its ad ertl~ers 
happy. th Triton Times 
finds Its natural Inclination 
I to w rye to the nght and 
una hamedly pander for the 
defenders of the status quo 

usan Self 

Town Center 
Cont. from pg .1 

sday's vote will utlimately 
determine whether the 
Town Center will be bUilt or 
not 

Schedul d to give 
testimony at the meeting 
are the Center' developer 
and a multitude of CIVIC 
groups. A UCSD tudent 
will al 0 peak 

Chancellor McElroy ha 
given hi conditional ap-
proval for th Center plan' 
and the Academic nate 
has not yet taken a tand 

The m tlng will be held 
at the City Admll1lstratlon 
Building at 2nd and tre t 
at 10 AM 

SANSU •• GARRARD. 
12" WOOFERS 
SANS~ 1 ' CA RRARD + 12" WOOFERS . We fcat~re . in limited quant ity. 
SansUl s 210 super powerful A M-f M-MP X receiver (2) giant knee high walnut 
multi-speaker air suspension en closures with 12" wooters & :> year guaran-
tee. Garrard 's professional series changer wlth diamond needle & cartridge. 
List $320. Now 22 " . Lo Dn. EZ term s, or trade-ins. Only '228 COMPLETE 

Weekdays I SAN DIEGO AUDIO ~*B Sat . & 
10-5 8~O 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE .. 287-7830 W I W Sun_ 1(1 - 6 

,~. 

UNIVERSllYOF nfE PACIFIC 
MCGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW , 

SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 
VVlLL HOLD ON CAMPUS INTERVlEVVS 

OF PROSPECTIVE LAW STUDENTS 

Thfi program of the School of law _hlf! 
students to begin the study of law In the Summer 

quarter(June, 1974) or Autumn quarter (September, 
1974), In the 3 year day or 4 year evening d ivision . 

McGeorge offers the Juris Doctor degree and 
is accredited by the American Bar Association. 

APPLICAll0N DEADliNE: PlAY 31, 1974 

Page 3, Triton Times, November 13, 1973 



Don Maker 
last Friday I watched the San Diego Opera's rendition 

of Bizet's Carmen, wh ich was a fi ne technical 
production , but somewhat disappointing. in the per-
fo rmance. ·· With few except ions the singing was 
uninspiring, and the performers did little to dispell the 
image of opera si ngers possessing almost no dramatic 
training. It was a good, professional show, but not up to 
the dynamic magnificence inherent in the music and 
libretto of Georges Bizet, and the quality wh ich the San 
Diego Opera is capable of attain ing. 

Ann Howard was competent as "Carmen", with a 
consistent musical performance. She was suitably 
seductive as the beautiful gypsy, but not terribly " fi ery" 
in the emoting department. 

William DuPre had his finest moment as " Don Jose" 
when he sang the lovely aria to Carmen telling of his 
love for her. Don Jose has been sent to t he stockade and 
demoted in rank for her sake, and a flower she gave him 
inspired him to endure the ordeal. DuPre acted well 
enough to make the scene believable, and showed the 
true power and range of his voice, bringing the 
audience to its feet with cheers and applause. 

But the surprising stand-out performer was Esther 
Hinds as " Michaela" . Ms. Hinds is a lovely young 
soprano with a tremendous vo ice, vibran t energy, and 
f ine acting talent. 

Maestro Walter Herbert, conducting the orchestra, 
absolutely overwhelmed the audience with a great 
presentation of Bizet's lovely score . The chorus was also 
excellent, adding harmony and color to a relatively 
lackluster staging, which is surprising considering that 
Will iam Roesch is one of the most respected stage 
directors in San Diego . 

For example, the principles were perm itted to use 
sloppy movement and stilted gestures, and the delivery 
of spoken lines seemed un important to a few per-
formers, particu larly Harold Enns as Lieutenant Zuniga, 
who dropped or stumbled over simple lines constan t ly. 
The few violent scenes were handled like grade school 
acting, with the cat-f ight between Carmen and another 
cigarette girl being a silly wrestl ing-dance, and the 
sword play between Don Jose and his superior being a 
childish banging of sticks. 

One of the finest parts of the show was t he set, which 
was somewhat innovative as well as creative. Terry 
Gates' set has been deservedly hailed by critics as a 
masterpiece, in which he demonstrated depths of 
imagination and artisti c fla ir, tempered with practical 
working space. Although the th ird set is written as a 
mountain pass, Gates makes his stalactite-ridden cave 
work very well for the mood of the scene. The 
costum ing, designed by Howard Bay, was also terriffic . 

The San Diego Opera will also be presenting The 
Marriage of Figaro beginning on November 28, The 
Rhine Gold, February 6, 1974, and Tosc:a, March 27, 
1974. It has been SRO so far th is season, so get your 
tickets early if you want to see name stars doing truly 
professional opera in San Diego. 
Flash: more shows for this weekend . 

The UCSD Drama Department will conclude their run 
of Thorton Wilders Slcin of our Teeth, Thursday thru 
Sunday at 8:00. 

The San Digueto Little Theatre is presenting Merton 
of the Movies, a '20's farce di rected by Bruce McLean. It 
will run on Friday and Saturday evenings at 8:30, and 
the theatre is located on the Del Marfairgrounds . 

J.J: s will be presenting The Electric Light Orchestra 
on the 21st, which should be a ~reat concert . 

International Center's Gallery 8 Son Diego Art Exhibitions Books: Prophecy Rile Hinton Myrna Bercovici J.P. Tarcher, Inc., los Angeles 
Three master craftsmen of California 

will be featured in a special exhibit and 
sale of glass forms at Gallery 8 on Friday, 
November 16, at 8 pm, and Saturday, 
November 17, from 11 am - 5 pm . The 
works of Los Angeles craftsmen Sue lien 
Fowler and Donald G. Hartman, and of 
glass blower John l ewis from Oakland 
have been widely displayed and collected 
th roughout the United States . Mr. l ewis 
has recently won considerable criti cal 
accla im for his moon bottles. 

Participating in the discussion will be 
Suellen Fowler and Donald Hartman, and 
well-known San Diego craftsmen Arl ine 
Fisch, Phyllis Lasser and Rhoda Lopez. The 
discussion will be lead by Professor 
Jehanne Teilhet of the UCSD Visual Arts 
Department. 

The UCSD Art Gallery 
will open an exhibition of 
the paintings by Texas 
artist , Bob W ade, o n 
Tuesday , November 13 
from 5-7 p.m . Wade's work 
is repr esentat io nal and 

A panel discussion on "What to Look for 
in Contemporary and Traditional Craf ts" 
will be conducted on Friday evening. 

Gallery 8'5 pre-holiday sale wi ll ac-
company the glass exhibit on Saturday, 
November 17, and will feature a large 
variety of hand crafted items from around 
the world. Gallery 8 is part of the I n-
ternat ional Center located on Matthews 
Campus. All profits go to further student 
activit ies. 

c on c e r n e d wit h 
d oc um entin g certain 
aspects of regional sen-
sibiHties as art. Spec ifi cally, 
he IS concerned with the 
co m pl ex and inn oce nt 
vi o lence of th e Texas 
landscape. 

Words of the Poet 
Poet Diane de Prima will 

give a reading at 4 p.m. 
Wednesday, Nov. 14, in the 
Informal Lounge of Revelle 
Commons at the University 
of Cali forn ia, San Diego. 

The event, which is free 
and open to the public, is 
the second of nine 
programs in the 1973-74 
New Poetry Series . The 
reading will be repeated at 
8 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 15, in 
San Diego State University's 
Aztec Center . 

M s. de Prima founded the 
literary magazine, "Float ing 
Bear" with LeRoi Jones in 
1961 and edited the 

publication until 1970. She 
also founded the Poets 
Press in New York City in 
1964. 

Ms. de Prima, 39, is 
currently living in Northern 
California where she is 
editing her unpublished 
poems and journals and 
working on a book of essays 
entitled " Blessed are the 
Meek, Baby" . 

The series is sponsored by 
the D epartments of 
li terature and Visual Arts 
and Campus Program Board 
at UCSD and the School of 
literature and Cultural Arts 
Board at SDSU . 

d/o{tywood 'Jam 'Jatiuat 
Fred Astaire in his best ballet sequence (19 minutes 

long!), Busby Berkeley's most expensive extravaganza 
(part of it underwater); Cyd Charisse and Astaire in a 
number that still draws applause when it is shown, and a 
fi nale considered one of the best made by Metro-
Goldwyn-Mayer, will be offered in a double feature, the 
continuation of the Hollywood Musical Festival at the 
Unicorn Cinema, this November 18th. 

The two films are MGM's The Bandwagon, featuring 
Astaire, Charise, Nanette Fabray and Jack Buchman, 
and Warner Brothers Footlight Parade (1933) starring 
James Cagney, Joan Blondell and Ruby Keeler, features 
Busby Berkeleys most elaborate number By a Waterfall 
where 100 girls cavort on a specidl set that include~ 
underground caverns and special costumes and wigs for 
underwater . 

The shOWing starts at 1 p.m. at the Unicorn , La Jolla 
Blv? and Pearl St. Members of Hollywood Musicals 
Unlimited and students get a discount and mem-
berships are avai lable at the door. ' 

Records: Greg Leonard 
No record reviews this weelc. of the level which causes physical pain . 
ETCETERAS Ex-Mouseketeer Cubby O 'Brien has apparently found a 

The upcoming road tour by Bob Dylan and "The Band" is as the new drummer for the Carpenters. Where .this 
tentatively set to begin January 3 in Chicago. The itinerary is Karen has not yet been annodnced. 
expected to include " just about every major city" . Following last years successful Lady Sings the Blues and the 

Herbie Mann is now in London taping his next album which production of the Bessie Smith Story, comes the film 
features his interpretations of certain "classics" of British . ,,,,0 " Inn v of the famed blues singer Huddie (leadbelly) 
rock'n'rol! . Session musicians backing Herbie include Eric The picture, Leadbelly, is now under production, 
Clapton and Ian Anderson. Gordon Parks Sr. (Shaft) . 

Also busy in london is Badfinger, taping its first albulTl ( to the annual poll conducted by the British rock 
Warner Bros. (formerly signed to Capitol) with a r \ ,, ' the top guitarist is now Jan Akkerman 
expected sometime early next year. utch band "Focus") with Eric Clapton 

Rick Derringer, once the prime force behind the M cCoys d, and Steve Howe of Yes, third . Akkerman has recently 
("Hang on Sioopy") and later back-up guitarist for Johnny signed to a recording contract with Atco Records. A solo 
Winter, has now joined the Edgar Winter Group as lead bum already completed and set for a mid-November release 
guitarist. entitled "Tabemalcel". 

Of major importance to record buyers is a story out of New ng soon on the London Stage is the Lou Adler 
York reported in the November 10th issue of Record World on of Gore Vidal 's An Evening with Richard Nixon. 
under the heading "Manufacturers Take Steps to Combat is to be played by Peter Sellers who you might remember 
Vinyl Shortage": "W ith continuing critical shortages of vinyl, a very effective Dr. Strangelove. 
paper and cardboard, the record industry has moved into the "God, Family and Country" the new first album for Georgia 
peak Christmas season amid reports of further cutbacks in eutenant Governor lester Maddox sold nearly 5,000 copies 
releases, projected price increases and a near unanimous view ring its initial week of release. Reportedly the former 
that the worst is yet to come ... .. a number of major labels are sidential candidate "sings, wh istles, talks and plays the 
considering two drastic actions in trying to ease the paper and a on the LP" . 
cardboard shortages : eliminating paper album liners, and/ or Blues Releases: Hound Dog Taylor's second LP for 
limiting albums to a single sleeve . , Records; Jimmy Rogers' second for Shelter ' and 

Talks with a number of pressing plant operators revealed e Dixon's new LP, Catalyst, for Ovation . ' 
that vinyl, ... .will continue to be scarce in coming months record release for November is scheduled to include 
with a 'crunch' expected around the first of the year." , by: Wishbone Ash, Jerry Jeff Walker, and Bill Monroe 

The " Butts Band", whose members include former Doors MCA; " Badfinger" , their last for Capitol ; "Alice Cooper", 
John Densmore and Robby Kreiger, release their premie; h Boys Live (2 LPs), Osibisa, and Mason Proffit on 
(Blue Thumb) single November 10 entitled "Pop a Top". Bros.; "Hot Tuna", Papa John Creach, and Grace Slick 

Poco is now a quartet. Founding member Richie Furay left nt; Johnny "Guitar" Watson, " Redwing", Merle 
recently tt> join AI Perkins (of Steven Stills Manassas), pianist and Jerry Garcia, Joe Williams and "Creedence" Live 
Paul Harris, ex-Byrd Chris Hillman and a drummer to be L Ps) ~ on Fantasy; Gene Ammons, Charles Mingus, Dizzy 
named later as members of a new as yet unnamed rock band. lIesple, Ben Webster, Art Farmer, " Funk Inc." and King 

Ken ("The Devils" ) Russell has been Signed to direct the on Prestige; Michael Howell, Joe Henderson and Sonny 
upcoming film version of Tommy which will feature "The ins on Milestone; and Rick Derringer, Senator Sam Ervin 
Who" and some new musical material. ' H b' H k C I b ' 

., . er Ie ancoc on 0 um ia. 
It seems that the 1974 edition of the Guinness Book of Others expected soon by: J. Geils, "Joy of Cooking", a " live" 

World Records is to contain a new category called " loudest Morrison, the second Gram Parsons solo album, the 
Performing Rock Band" . Sources say the titleholder is Deep Sisters, "Banana and the Bunch" , and a new Boz 
Pur.ple who've been measured at 117 decibels, or 17 decibels and Boz's "Greatest Hits" . 

He has received a grant Approx imate l y 1,000 
from the National En - o ri g inal etc h i n g s, 
dowment for the Arts to lithographs and woodcuts 
pursue these studies and by arti sts such as Picasso, 
has ex hibited in many Chaga ll , Dali, M iro, Reno ir, 
galleries and has been Ko llwitz and many others 
included in the Whitney including contemporary 
Annual as well . American, European and 

The Gallery is located on Jap a n ese p r i ntm ake rs 
the fir st f loor of th e compri se the d i pl ay . 
Humanities library building Moderately priced, most 
(room 1260) on Revelle are u nder $100 A 
Campus. Hours are dai ly representati ve of the Roten 
from. 12-5 and Wednesday Galleri es wi ll be present at 
evenings from 8-10 p.m . the exh ibition . 
The exhibrtion wi ll continue . Established i n 1932 
through December 9. Roten Ga lleries has one of 

A se lection of graphic art the largest collec tions o f 
presented by the Ferd inand graph ic art in t he country. 

Rot~ n Galleri es o f They specialize in arranging 
Bal t imore, will be on view exhibit ion sales of original 
for one day only, Saturday, graph ic art at colleges 
November'17, from 10 a.m . museum's and art center~ 
to 5 p.m., at the Fine Arts throughout the Un i ted 
Gallery in Balboa Park. States and Canada . 

Miss I:-ily ~abina Fairweather (pam Pascoe) , Miss 
Atlantic City 1973, seduces President George An-
rrobus (Lee Devin) in scene from UCSD Thea~e' s 
production of TIlE SKIN OF OUR TEETH con-
tinuing at UCSD Theatre November 15-18. For 
tickets and information, 453-2000 extension 2491 

"What you did was wholv rotten, 

What you are is all unshriven .. " 

Rosa lind Erskine, from The Passion Flower Hotel 

Rotten and unshriven is the w~y I feel while reading 
prophecy, Myrna Bercovic i's collection o f photographs 
and Old Testament quotations. Neither the photograph~ 
nor the words are Myrna's , but a heavy load of guilt is, 
and she's going to share it with the rest of us Lest our 
thoughts turn too frivolously to our own problems we 
are reminded that all over the world people are starving 
and dying and being murdered, babies are being 
slaughtered, cities are strangling In polution , AND GOD 
TOLD US SO! The message may be noble, but the 
medium is mediocre. 

PROPHECY is neither the fi rst book of its kind nor 
probably even the sixteenth . Collect ions of photog;aphs 
Interspersed with thought-provoki ng quotations have 
been done before. Since they are nearly all much the 
same, it is difficult to say whether Myrna's is better or 
worse t han the others. The message is always the same: 
Man is rotten. 

I'm sure we all do need to be rem inded of the suf-
ferings of our fellow-man from t ime to time, but it 
seems that the format could be changed occasionally . A 
message that is simply repeated ad nauseum ceases to 
be listened to . 

THE ROLLING STONES 
Jlml HENDRIX 
OTIS REDDING 
JOE COCKER 
TRAFFIC & 20 OTHERS 

IN 
POPC'ORN 

CHUCK BERRY 
JRmES BROWN 
SUPREmES 
JRN & DEAN WITH OTHERS 

IN 
THE 

T .A.n.l. SHOW 
SATURDAY 

NITE 
(SD Gym 8pm 81 

a' 'he cartfr 
f) 

S.D. PREMIERE PRODUCTION 

(JI We buy most Merchandise below normal wholesale Prices including New Bankruptcies st ill in factory 
sealed cartons, Overstocks, Closeouts, etc. All merchandise has full factory Guarantee. Most makes and 
models. 

(eremanies 
in 

Dark Old men 
by Lonne Elder III 

S.per.'. 
c ... po ...... 
_~'---, 

$148.20 

_.---".-

\1 
I 

. I 
I 

4 CHANNEL QUAD 
.IIRIO SOUND 

a .< --

NOW THRU DEC. 9 
Striving to escape Irom 
their Harlem ghetto exist· 
ence . . . a black barber 
and two sons scheme with 
a local hustler ... pOised 
between comedy and trag· 
edy . . undercurrents of 
rebellion make th is drama 
. . . filled with honest 
vita lity one of power 
and importance . 

((II ' .cliST easy S3. terms 
.ulOPlllm'-•••••• e • e •••••• 

• 
• 

New 4230 RECEIVER with BUILT-IN DOLBY· 
Now, Marantz Introduces their top 
quality 4200 series receivers, with 
BUI LT-IN DOLBY ', The Dolby' noise 
reduction system ellmlna ••• hissing, 
feedback and playback dlslortlon. 
Hear your tape. exactly as they were ' 
recordedl Clean. Clear, Crisp. 

Hearing Is believing, and you won't 
believe It until you hear it I The 
Dolby' , now built-in to the Marantz 
receivers, and now available at 
Wright's . Only $449.95 

'AlRTRAOE PRICE 
' OOLBY l~8S. INC. 

Page 4 Triton Times. November 13. 1973 

Special-Guest Star 

~-
UOftSAUIIA FRI. NDV.1& 

! ICKUS; $5 IN ADVANCE $5 50 AT THE DOOR (Includlnl p.,.lnl) 
Tlckels '.,I/va' _lyle Available at: 8111 Gamble 's Men's Stores 

All Arena Tlch t Auncle s, Sports Arena Ticket Office Liber ty Ticke t Aleneles In LA ' Call 221 ·4116 lor Ticket Inlorm.ilon 
!'",d,,,,.,, till (11';(' H' ~""Il( I~ I'" 

200 WATT & 8 TRACK 
NEW SOLID STATE COMPONENTS 

AI/fl STlIEII[ClIYll A .. LWlll 
GaRRaR. aut •• _tlc I:h ••••• 

Diamond needle - F et circuitry YOII $1 61 75 
Larg. lull rang. sp.aker system SA VI • 
Adjustable headphones, etc. 
FREIGHT LIQUIDATORS 

Lay-Aways and 
m.f.Llst'369t1 Traqe-Ins Accepted 

200Wa"s 
AM-FM 
MPI 

Save '20271 F.II ........ II .... II.t 

p~~~ $167 .~O 
3459 EI Cajon Blv d. 

S. ..... S'sl ... 
Tet .. ,.,.. 'eltle 

.E. '.flU ( .... n •• 
283-6368 

Page 5, Triton Times, November 13, 1973 



SPORTS 

~CAMPUS D TRAVEL SERVICE 
UCSD International Center 

Next to \:Iallery Ii 
See Bill Keller, 452-063) 

10-12 am, 2-5 pm, Mon. thru Fri . 
Fly Christmas 

(UCSD Cha~~I"c. 
NEW YORK $170 
LAt New York 
TIA DC-8 

CH CAGO $145 
LA, Chicago 
American 707 

Dec. 14-
Jan . 1 

TH= BAHAMAS $160 
LA 'Reeport Dec . 14 
Tlt. I;)C-8 Dec . 29 

Available only to UCSD students, faculty, staff 
and their immediate +amilies 

Also 
Tripping Magazine, Ski Trips 
Intenlational Student I.D. cards, 
Youth Hostel Cards, Group travel arranged 
Eurail Passes, Passport Applications, 

-Iii 
." 

~~ .' M-~--------,-==i~--------
- .. .-

Basketball Team. By Ki r,k Robinson 

AlA Opener 
The UCSD varsity basketball team begins its season 

this Wednesday against Athletes in Action, a group of 
ex-co llege basketball players. 

Leading the Tritons again this year will be Paul 
Train.er, an all District III selection at center last year . 
Backing up Trainer on the front line will be Joe Coit, a 
transfer student from Riverside CC and Steve Higgins 
also returning from last year's team. ' 

In the backcourt the Tritons are lead by George 
Calhoun, also a transfer student from Riverside. Mark 
Read and AI Clark both up from last years frosh team 
also figure to see a lot of action in the backcourt. 

This years team is small, but has good speed and 
hustle. T? take advantage of the speed Coach Bill 
Reeves will employ a fast break offense with a pressing 
defense. Reeves is looking ahead to a succesful season 
for the Tritons . . 

Soccer Team Loses 
Tiebreaker to Fresno 
The game that was billed 

as UCSD's game of the year 
came out exactly that . One 
of the strangest games in 
this school's history, the 
Triton Soccer Team lost its 
chance to represent this 
region in the NAIA 
Championships in Missouri . 
Origi nally sched u led to 
start and end on Thursday, 
this game was such a 
defensive battle that it was 
called on the accou nt of 
darkness after two and a 
half hours of play, with the 
score tied 1-1. 

This game was then 
fi ni shed Friday with a 
penalty kick tie breaker, 
which was won by Fresno 
Pacific, 2-1. 

Both goals came early in 
the game, UCSD .drawing 
first blood on a goal scored 
by Philippf' Vivaco with a 

head shot off of a throw in 
from Brad Peryr . Fresno 
quickly retaliated and 
scored its lone goal on a 
penalty kick put into the 
nets by Carlos . 

The game then settled 
into the defensive duel that 
it was, as neither ' team 
could push the ball into the 
of'lPosi ng team 's goal. 

The next day, it was 
arranged that the kicking 
duel would decide the 
game, since some of the 
Fresno players had to go 
back to Fresno (where 
else?). 

The kick-off consisted of 
five players from each team 
taking penalty kicks at the 
opposing goa lie . With 
UCSD winning the toss to 
decide who would decide 
who would kick first 
(':onfusing, isn't it?) UCSD 

Over 200 Grinningbird every day connecting North-
ern and Southern California . Give Y0.YL campus rep or 
PSA 8 bird whistle.PIA...,.,.. • .rc. 

Page 6 Triton Times, November 13,1973 

elected to have Fresno lead down as the ball did not 
off . reach its intended target . 

Both teams nailed their Both teams played very 
first shots into the nets, but well , although UCSD 
this was followed by three seemed to dominate the 
misses by each team . With game with better pass ing 
only one kick left to each and more shots on goal. 
team, the Fresno player With tbis game, the 
leatly contributed his effort curtai n is brought down on 
right into the goal mouth yet another successful 
and past the UCSD goalie. season for the UCSD Soccer 

With the pressure on, Team and one is rem inded 
Captain Stewart Hayes' of the oft-used cliche , 
usually reliable foot let him "There's always next year ." 

NOW 
COOKIN' 
7NIGMTS 
A WEEK 

BUCKWHEAT 
Everybody knows about the action at the 

Voyager on Friday nights. 
But everybody doesn 't know about the action 

at the Voyager the rest of the time. 
Wednesday through Sunday there 's dancin ' 

and romancln ' to the sound ot BUCKWHEAT.. . 
fresh from record ing their new afbum "Hot Track." 

Monday and Tuesday. OLDIES BUT GOODIES 
brings back the hits of yesteryear. 

The musIc starts at 9 nightly. Happy Hours til 7. 
AI the friendly meeting -place with the bay windows. 

J<;~{(') 
q '. I • 

Exodus Continued from page 2 
bri·lliant, beautifu.I, and everything. I loved her the way 
one loves an artist who expresses those emotions we 
have but cannot express ourselves. Beth was not a single 
color, but a rainbow ; not one pure not but a symphony. 
I have promised myself that just before I die I will think 
of Beth.) 

(I waited and it came. The rise of sunrise defied in-
terpretation . It is like a poem in a foreign tongue . Never 
try to translate such a poem for others, but have them 
learn the language. When each of us learns the language 

long sleep, you who throw all being into the spinning of 
beauty, just purposeless beauty, beauty for beauty's 
sake, are you telling me to have pride for pride's sake, to 
seek knowledge, reason, as natural ends because it 
is ... natural? 
. So simple you are butterfly . But you too destroy what 
IS warm and safe and fat and emerge tantalyzing dizzy 
and ... Oh butterfly I ' 

Low Blows Continued from page 2 
man's motives are biased and that any 'f .. cts' he for-
wards should be taken with several grains of salt . 

Rock salt. 

After the fact ... 
LB&CS: Hello . I understand that you were one of the 

RA's who was really outraged at the recent Halloween 
Waterfight . Am I correct? 

111 ?f the sun we will want to forget our own. We will know 
\ .mergy.) 

To the sea I return to the sea I say having been shown 
how t? reject the unnecessary, how' to accept the guilt, 
knOWing that dam ned and infinity are only words now 
moving back into time and place through the ~oods 
along familiar paths, though batt~red, less thick, less 
elderly. 

And stood free . 
Student: Wait . (grunts and groans) Okay. I just had to 

loosen my jock strap so I could talk. 
Yes, I was outraged . When I came to the Big U, I 

expected an Utopia. Instead, I found all these naive pigs 
trying to have fun . 

There was light once again. I waited for recognition 
approval, sympathy. There was no sympathy. For that i 
wanted to be bored and stodgy, a lump of lead to 
recreate the walls of the room but could not, I could' not 
do more that feel myself traveling through the Gobi the 
Gobi, felt myself in the Gobi, and .en joying ~ach 
butterfly aspect of the world whilepursuing the lovely 
creature around bushes and under trees . 

-That's right, take me to the kno~(ledge . Bring me to 
understand another time if you must, why it is im-
portant that we enjoy and value something, why It is 
important to ask what is it all about, what it is for . You 
do this, butterfly, and I will not even disturb the colored 
dust on your wings. But do not deceive me, I beg. Do 
not distort or impose false symmetry. To select 
separate, from the limitless resources is enough . It i~ 
time to teach me, the sophist, why to know is to be why 
pr ide is nice and clean and etcetera. I do not w~nt to 

Club space 
Children's Theatre Players 
Chinese Student 
Association 
Co-op Book Exchange 
Farmworkers Suppvrt 
Croup 
Freedom 
Israeli Folkdancing 
KSDT Radio 

1:00 p.m. Wednesday (11-
14) 
He Noe Lani Co. 

(II destroy nature, mind you, or the idea of God, of course ut it might be fun to try.... . ' 
And I laughed .... 

Jewish Students Association 
MECHA 
Music Students Recording 
Club 

-Jesus was Gent i Ie . 
-No! Jesus was a Jew . 
-A Genti Ie! 
-A Jewl 

(Even in these early centuries the Christian movement 
was torn by strife .) 

-Achool 
-You are illl But may God bless you anyway. 
(That's better, boys.) 
And laughed .... 
-Southern Californians are quite eccentric, I decided 

(While staring at a group of individuals on Blacks Beach 
through"!y binoculars) . The way these S.C.'s talked you 
would think Blacks was oh , a fine place to discover 
Nirvana and nudes . Well, it's a dump. Yourpalace, your 
altarof worship is a dump, littered with peroxide bottles 
and fleas and bleeding jellyfish and dog dvng. 

Blacks .Bea~h looks best when one is fifty feet up and 
out, looking down, suspended from a helicoptrer Not 
only does one miss the trash but the conversation, too. 
So all you freshmen who were lured to UCSD because 
you heard it was a swell place with swell people who did 
swell things at the best little 'ole beach this side of 
Malibu let me assure you that you have been led astray. 
It's a dump. Do you hear me? Black'S BEACH IS A 
DUMP!!! II 

The butterfly said . 
So we forget and all that and eat and grow jolly into 

clothes, pour tarter sauce over shell fish and catsup over 
ham . Some things are important but not so important . 
Crucifixes are important. Of Course the Pope is im-
portant. But "marital pr ivileges", divorce, daily mass? 

Let's go eat. And eat . Oh, more food, gobs of food on 
Saturday, Sunday, Thursday. Cokes, pies, turkeys, flat 
bread. I am assured that it is all very religious. Sacred, 
s<;>mehow. And God loves us . We are the apple pie of 
hiS eye, the cherry on the icing, gingerbread men that 
were cooked at diHerent temperatures, Daddy's plum. 

Is this the revelation ? Either God is our food or food is 
our God? To grow lighter and lighter, concentrate on 
ourselves, on art or science, to find pride by rejecting 
whole communities offood people and whole worlds of 

Surf Club 
Trident Christian Fellowship 
Triton Times 

1:30 p.m. Wednesday (11-
14) 
Revolutionary Communist 
Youth GrouJ: 
Students Change Center 
Triton Wargaming Society 
UCSD Bowling Club 
UCSD Snow Skiing Club 
Polit ical Afairs Forum 
Pre-med Club 
Radical Education Project 
3:15 p.m. Wednesday (11-
14) 
Veterans Club 
UCSD Astronomical Society 
U SD Hang Gliding Club 
UCSD Soaring Club 
UCSD Yoga Workshop 
Sculpture Club 
Seadeucers 
3:45 p.m. Wednesday (11-
14) 
5 & Dime 
Mujer 
Black Gospel Choir 
Water Ski Club 
TUSC 
U .C. Student Lobby 
Young Socialist Alliance 

9 :00 a.m. Thursday 
POWER 
W .L.F . 
Drama Club 
Rad ical Coalition 
Bridge Club 

(11-15) 

II God's and to-I cannot bear it, to live? ( \ Oh butterfly, you who know-sudden freedom after a 

(II; 

J:.~~ 
~.il AND KFMB PRESENTS ;fr.i!!.~ 

* ARLO GUTHRIE * 
/ 

=1" 

j. ft:t 1-SUN. NOV. 18- 7:30 PM J~1 . ~~, Community Concourse Golden Hall 
TlCketS:$5.50, 4.50, 3.50 

.1ft ~~, " 
Civic Theatre Box Office , Highlander llA\#' ~ Men's Stores, Metro ~encies 
. SANSUI QUAD SAVE $60000 

(',ARRARD SL 9.313 TURNTABLE with Shute M 1E art ridge & Needle , Dust 
: ov cr & base. uper powerfut SANSUI QR 500 , 4 channel Quadraphonic A 11 
~M/MPX receiv er , 4 Apollo 600 threcw ay air suspension speakers with 12" 
woofers , 6" mldrange & 3" tweet er , in deluxe walnut enclosu res. Speakers 

~5 " high & 40 pounJs ea ch. $1100 list price , SlVC ~600 . (; olnplete or small 
payments . NOW ~~ 
~E~~t~~~~~~ SAN DIEGO AUDIO~*0*~* ~~ ~219 UNIVFJ:lSITY AVE 287-7830 SA I I'll. I -r, 

Continued from page 2 

Legal Center 
Ceramics Club 

9:30 a.m. Thursday (11-15) 
Black Drama Association 
MOSCA 
Philosophy Club 
Nuevo Aztlan 
UNA 
Campus Crusade for Christ 
People's Food LoanBread of 
Life 

10:00 a.m. Thursday (11-1S) 
North Star 
Comm. Board 
Gymnastics Club 
Food Co-op 
lohn MOO 

9:00 a.m . Friday (11-1&) 
The Organi c Gardeni ng 
Society 
Committee for Concerned 
Asian Students 
Program Board 
Folk Dance Club 

9:15 a.m. Friday (11-1&) 
Pre-med women 
SIMS 
UCSD Skydiving Club 
Prensa Popular 
Black Student Union 

Open Letter 

LB&CS : Pigs having fun? Are you sure? 
Student : I can even give you a more recent example 

than the watert ight . Why, just the other night these 
same pigs were going around Argo turning off all the 

I~ghts! Of course, we can't allow these things to con-
tinue. 

LB&CS : What would you suggest the pigs do to relieve 
their tensions? 

Students : Well , anything we don't have to bust 'em 
for . Smoke grass, maybe. Instead of paying a ten dollar 
fine for throwing a balloon, they could buy an ounce of 
marijuana. A few drags on a joint or a few bites of a 
brownie and everything's cool. The authorities don't 
seem so oppressive anymore, you knowl 

'Cause when you're like that , you're cool. And when 
you're cool, you're on your way to being mature. 

Student : Sure it is . I mean, all the mature people are 
right? / 

NOTICE 
Would the student who 

got up and spoke at the La 
lolla Town Council meeting 
a week ago Thursday about 
UCSD community feelings 
toward the proposed Town 
Center please contact Betsy 
Moll at x-2184 Immediately. 
Your help IS needed for an 
upcoming discussion of this 
issue with the Town 
Council. 

continued from page 3 

ADVERTISEMENT 

ALL MBA PROGRAMS 
ARE 

NOT ALIKE 

Traditionally, MBA 
programs emphasize 
either the general ist or 
specialist approach . In 
our dynamic society you 
need both the basic 
problem-5olving ski lis 
that will enable you to 
operate effectively in 
whatever management 
environment you select, 
and a fi eld of 

the electoral process viciously and systematically 
shredded and have done NOTHING!!! !! 

specializati on upon 
which you can start and 
build a career . And this last weekend while you've all been 

grovelling on your knees Nixon has condescended to 
grind your thumbs into the gravel. Sir, the fa rce has 
been terminated, the mockery is over, the confrontat ion 
is here. Sir, we have been staunch supporters of yours in 
the pas.t, b~t if you do not seek impeachment 
proceedings Immediately, we shall do everything in our 
power to insure that you are not reelected next year. An 
American , and particularly an American Congressman, 
must first of a II be a man of conscience a man who 
believes in the Declaration of I ndepend~ nce and the 
Bill of Rights, and a man who believes in a government 
of.laws. We hope to God that you are such a man . KICK 
NIXON OUT !!!!!! 
Daniel D. Warner 

Shanghai 
~andarin & Shangha 

Style 
Chinese Restaurant 

10% off dinner 
menu with student! 

MA Y WE SUGGEST 
OUR CHINESE 

SMORGASBOARO FO 
WEE!'OA Y LUNCHES 

1017 prospect 
LA JOLLA 
454-5806 

Patricia F. Warner 

n.o IIJ_ of L_ 
At7: 00. D.H. u.--'. 

WOMEN 
iN LOVE 

At9: 26, 
THE ClASSIC LOVE STORY 

ROMEO 
BlJutiET 

LA PAlOMA 
753-39~5 

The Professional 
Masters Progp m at 
U.C.L .A . offers both . 
Through a unique series 
ofcoum?using computer 
based management 
games and simulated 
problems-solving ac-
t ivities, we teach 
problem solving ski lls . In 
addition we offer 14 
areas of concentration in 
fields as r.ew as 
Management in the Arts 
and Management in 
Education ; or as 
traditional as Finance, 
Marketing, and Ac-
counting. 

We culminate our 
programs with a two 
quarter field-study 
course in which a 
student gets real-w'>rld 
experience in his area of 
concentration. 

o prior business or 
management courses are 
requ ired for admission 
to our program . 

Our recruiters are 
prepared to provi de 
information of speCi al 
Interest to women and 
minoritie 

We will be in the San 
Diego Placement Office 
on ovember 15th. 

SANSUI • GARRARD. 
12" WOOFERS 
SANS~ [ (, \I{R RO ~ 1::" \V~l()FER • \\ e t ature , in limited quanra , 
Sansul 21 0 ~uper powerful A M -F M -MP receiver (") . t k . Y 
multi-speaker ait suspension cnclosurcs h it h J2" w ;te~ta'(,n ;~~r'~!'~~r~~;_lnut t~e . ,arrard's pfllfessional se ri s chan Jer with diam nd n~edle . ;a~oid ' 
LiSt $3211 , ow 22" . LOn, EZ term" or trade -ins. Onl $228 C0MP"LE'll 

\ el~days ~ " ' ~~ SAN DIEGO AUDIO A .,!, A Sat. 
- ~jJ' 1'W 5219 UNIVERSITY AVE 287-7830 W'I'~ )un . 11l - 6 

Page 7. Triton Times, November 13, 1973 



~-------------------------------------announcem 
fOCIOLOGY MAJORa 

You. invited .. ell ........ 1 
cotf" hour .P ....... 4I "y .... 
d.pertm.nt ... T--,". 
November 11 .t ......... et 
7071 20 IOre4lue.. Itv4Ie"t 
Lounl." R_I!Itt late for winter 
queuer will be evene .. I •. Fr •• 
Cotf • end Dou.hnuta (11/111 
The aurf club I. hevlng • meatlng 
Tu. Nov. 13. to dl. the trip thI. 
WMk.nd of the 1 •. 17. M .. t In 2C 
1110 •• t 1 p.m. The r.ulta of the 
conteet will be .nnounced .t the 
_t. For other Import d.te. 413-
,.. 111/131 

All .tud.nt. Int.r •• t.d In 
Educ.tlon Abro.d Progr.m 
.hould .ttend • mHtlne .t 7:30 
p.m. on Thurl Nov. 15th .t the 
Int_tlonel C .... t.r A movie 
m.d. by UC .tud.nte will be 
chown. UCSD .tud.nU raturn.d · 
from .broed will .pe.k .nd coff •• 
.nd cookl •• will be .arv.dl Nov. 
l'th I. the .ppllcetlon deadlln. for 
thoe. Int.r •• ted In the UK .nd 
Ir.land progr.m (1974-75). J.nu.ry 
15th I. the d •• dlln. for the 
unlv.r.ltl •• In the following 
countrl •• : Fr.nc.. G.rmany . 
Sp.ln. Italy. Isr •• I. Jepan . 
L.benon. M.xlco. Ghana. K.nya. 
Norw.y. Sw.d.n. .nd Hong 
Kong. 111110). 

Bean Ripped Off?,Com. to. clinic 
" How to .vold G.ttlng Ripped 

Tuesd.y. November 13th • • 
noon in 1206 HL. For more infor. 
cell R.y Leven.. .ttorney with 
Student Aff.lra. who I. holding 
the clinic .t lC27'I2. StudenU .• t.ff 

nd faculty .r •• 11 Invited 111/13) 

AMES FILM SERIES filii au.rt., 
Schedul. 111731 Nov. 13 Flow 
VIauaImIIon and Auld MactwKa Rim 
31 rril\ ; Noll. 31 Voridty and Auld 
MechInk:a Rim - .. rrin; Noll. 'Z1 
~ T ... on in Ruid MldwriClal' I 
Auk! Meclwllca Rlm2lrrin. PIaca: Rm 
3IZ2 USB 11 ... 1~ Day Tu-. 
Il1I21J 

The 0.-",*. at ltetory IMII ..... 
the 111m "t.a Grand IN"'an" on T..a.v. 
Noll 13ItI • 7 p. m in USB 3IiP2. Ad-
m.Ion .. free 111/13 

ReprMentetl_ from the USC 
JUDICIAL ADMINISTRATION 
PROGRAM will be on c.mpu. 
conductine int.rvlewa Tu. Nov. 
13. 8A .ny m.jor. Progr.m 
conel.te of M •• t.,. In Public 
Admini.tratlon with .mpha.l. on 
judicial .dmlnl.tratlon. (11113) 
W.nt to find out whet'. golng on 
In Third ColI.ge--com. to the next 
THIRD COllEGE STUDENT-
S/ PROVOST RAP SESSION on 
Tues Nov 13 • • t 3:30 p.m . in the 
Rec. C.nter. 711 MC. (111131 

wednesday 
Ski Club me.t. Wed. Nov. 14 .t 7 
p.m. In rm . 2122. USB. Tlckltl for 
the Sun V.II.y trip .ra on .... In 
rm 20 of the Intramu ... 1 offic. 
from ' -12 on Tuee .nd Thurl .nd 
t-Z on Mon. Wed .nd FrI 1111131 

Ther. will be • Speech/ Deb.te 
Team plannlne meet-Wed. Nov. 14 
7:30 p.m. G.I.th.a lounee. 111/9) 

UCSD Aatronomlc.lloclety meat 

Wed .. Nov. 14 In HL 1 • . W. wII 
d"cuee p"ne for th" month· •• tar 
petty. 111113' 

Int.rvi.w on Wed.. Nov. 14. 
NATIONAL OCEANIC & AT-
MOSPHERIC COMMISSIONED 
OFFICERS CORPS (NOAA): 8S. 
MS; in Electronic.. Mechanici. 
Math. Phy.lc.. G.ophy.lc • • 
Met.orologv. Oc •• nogr.phy. 
FI.herlee. Biology. r.l.t.d fi.ld •. 
McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW: 
BA. .ny m.lor. Appoint .r. 
neceellry for both. Mora Info .nd 
algn-uPi .t the C.r .. r PI.nnlng 
Library. rm 8033. Muir HSS.111/13) 
Wed. Nov. 14. 5:00 p.m. SuPper for 
.tud.nt..t mod •• t co.t. 
Unlverelty Luth.ran Church .nd 
Student C.nter. _ La ~ 
Sh_ Dr.. w.t of Rev.lI. 
Coil.... For detalle. cell .John .t 
~1 or ... .-c11113) 
PRE-MED WOMEN hear Dr. Ruth 
Grobet.ln from U.C.S.D. on med 
.chool.dmiulone.nd Int.rvl_ •. 
IntI. Center. Thura. Nov. 16 111/131 

The 1973-74 S.n DI.go New po.try 
S.ri.. pre •• nte po.t/-
playwright/ publi.h.r Dian. di 
Prim. who will read from h.r 
poeml on Wed .. Nov .. 14 • • t 4:00 
p.m. in the Rev.lI. Inform.1 
Loung • . The •• ri •• i. Iponsor.d 
by UCSD's Dept of Lit.rature and 
the Campus Progr.m Board and 
SDSU's School of lit.r.ture and 
Cultur.1 Arta Board.(11/13' 

thursday 
Int.rvi_. on Thura. Nov. 15 
BURROUGHS WELLCOME: BA. 
.ny m.jor. "P bio aclenc ... 

Pherm.ceutlc.1 .. I.. . UCLA 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF 
MANAGEMENT: IA •• ny maior. 
MBA program. No .ppolnt n ... 
for the I.tt.r. come to the R.vell. 
Informal Lounge. Mor. info .nd 
appoint .t the Career Planning 
Library. rm 8033. Muir HSS. 111/ 13) 
Thura Nov. 11. noon 401 MC 
MUSIC DEPA"TMENT LECTURE· 
DEMONSTRATION : WIIII.m 
Melooh. noted M.hler expert 
comp.re. verlou. p.rformln. 
veNIone of Mehler'. unfl,,"hed 
10th Iymphony 111/111 

Come to the meetln. to decld. 
fete of d.velopment eround 
UCSO. C_ to the City .d-
mln .. tra1Ion auldln.ltop floor' .t 
2nd end C I1rMt et 10M e.m. th .. 
Thu .... November 15th. ITS NOW 
0" NEVER to f .. ht the x·propOMd 
UnIv.reIty T_n Center. Meat 
.hould leet .. dey. 10 come for. 
Ion ••• yOU cen 111/131 

Ther. will be • m .. tlng of the 
THIRD COLLEGE FACULTY and 
STAFF on WED. NOV 14. at 4:00 
p.m .• in Conf. Rm A. Bldg. 111. 
MCI11 / 13) 

general 
MAHARISHI INTERNATIONAL 
UNIVERSITYII A thrilling 
pnn.ntatlon by the MIU F.culty • 
Includlnu color vld.o t.p ••• 
.xhlblt.. For •• t Ac.d.ml ••• 
clrrlculum ••• nd Innov.tIv. theory 
of Integrated m.nteL phyaiceL 
.nd .nvlronm.nt.1 uudy. 
R.lev.nt .du~tIon with prectlcal 
.pplc.tIon .nd theory combined. 
TIM Fri night to the Muir Caf .t 
8:00 p. m. for a f.nt •• tI c .ve 
111/131 

fri. Nov. 1. I:JO Revelle Cat lun Nov. 11. 1:011 p .m . ... MC 
Co~rt of North Indlen c ... Io.1 Jo .. Clvlc/Unhraralty Iymphony 
mullc f .. turlng Aahleh Khan. COFFEE CONCERT .erty M.hler 
..rod. K.mel lhah. tamboura .ong. with B.v.rly Ogdon. 
Pra"..h Khan. tab ... poneored by .oprano .ccomp.nled by Keith 
the Mu.lc D.p.rtm.nt .nd the Humbl • • pl. no; .nd M.hl.r·. 
C.mpu. Progr.mmlng Bo.rd . Qu.rt.t for PI.no .nd String. 
11111., with Eug.ne Oratovlch vloln. 

M.rtln K.men. viole. Peter F.rrall. 
U I COP H I LOS 0 P H Y 18110. Keith Humb". p .. no.111/111 

COLLOQUIUM Arthur M ..... lck 
will be epMkl!ltt on I~ota .nd 
Predlc.... 2:J11. Rev fOnnii 
Lounge. Nov. 11. 1171 (11/1., 

Geoffr.y Iymcox •• m.mber of 
the O.pt. of Hlatory. UCLA. will 
.p •• k on "Th. Influenc. of 
Politic. I F.ctore on the Urb.n 

PRE. MEDII • THOlE IN- H"tory ot Turin. 1 __ 1a:' In rm 
TlAEITED IN HEALTH ICIEN- .... lid •. 20. on FrI Nov. 11 e \ 
CEil Pr.·M.d Club m •• ta Frld. 4:00 p.m. Admlealon .. fr.111/111 
Nov. 11 et Ht.m. In .111. IMad 
Schooll Come .nd talk with Dr. 
O.ry ~nchNtler •• w .. k_n 
I.n 01 •• 0 pleetlc eur •• on •• nd 
with Dr. Jeckl. Wlleon. Next 
quert.,. •• v.nt. will .1.0 b. 
dlacueeed .0 don't m'" 1t1111/111 

Get help in yov '- chWon and 
eomt UIII* cIvIsIon ~ In biology 
and ~ry in the lIoIogy and 
Cherristrv alAe. eonr.r HIlI 13)1: 
()pen:mon.-frt. 2:CD6Cn Aun-Re.Je 7fJ). 
10;«1. phorw# 41i3-3117.(ElI 

GAPSFAS IGr.duat. .nd 
Prof.ulonal Schooi Financi.1 Aid 
Servlc.) .ppllcation. are now 
. vail in the Office of Gr.duat. 
Studies and R ••• arch. 108 MC 
(11/20) 

UCSD Art O.II.ry. Pelntlnlll by 
Bob Wed • . Through Dec. ' . 1. 
HumenftIM Library Buld. Houra 
delly 12-6.nd Wed. ev.n .. 10 p.m. 
10.I.ry wIN b. cloMd Nov. 22·21'. 
(Ell 

UTE"ATURE LECTURE. _ UIB 
R.v.lI. Coli •••. Dr. J.m .. K. 
Lyon from the Untv ot Flortde. wI! 
Iectu ... on: Poetry .nd the lEx-
tramltl.. of leneu"': from the 
Concl'lltllta to P.ul Celln .• t 4:00 
p.m. Every_ II welcom. 111/111 

TRW SYSTEMS GROUP will be on 
c.mpu. conducting int.rvlew. 
Fri. Nov. 16. All d.gr_. Phv.lcs. 
Ch.mi.try. Engine.ring Scienc ••. 
A f •• t-growing technical com-
pany. r .... rch po.itlona. Appoint 
.nd more info at the Car.er 
PI.nning librarY. rm 6033. Muir 
HSS.ll1 / 16) 

SOARING CLUB There will be .1 
GENERAL MEETING Mon 1111 ... 
.t 7:00 p.m. in room HL 1449. Thia 
meet i. m.nd.tory for 1111 Soaring 
Club memb.,. .• 0 P ..... be th.r. 
HL 1449. near Hum.nlti .. offi,:{J. 
NON-m.mb.,. are .Iso in · 
vlted111/161 

for ourselves-----------------.......... 

DEADLI E NOTICE ' Due d adllncs 

for claSSIfied ad and an nouncemenls 

Friday al 5 p m fo r Tuesday paper . 

Wcdn '>day al 5 p m for FrIday papr 

wanted 
I ne.d rid. to laramie Wyo. or 
Denver aoon alao need double 
mattresa Jeff 488-9938 111/13) 

Uaed aurfboard rack for auto. 
good condo Call Rick at 462-1747 
and I •• ve m.ssage. 111/13) 

WANTED: u.ed wet .ult fo r med. 
man. Either long john or .pr . • uit. 
Call larry 756-5797111/ 13) 

Rid.ra w.nted to Palo Alto on Sat. 
Nov. 17. Share drlvlne & .xpen •••. 
C.II Mik. ~11113) 

Two need ride to Yume Ariz. for 
Thankltllvlng. Shara _pe_. 
C.II .eo.(11/ 13) 

for sale 
DELUXE pe ... 1 ma .. ager 7'h" 
S.nd $2.96 now to: AMBAR P.O. 
Box 80174 San DI.go. Ca. 92138 
IP11120) 

Guitar amp. Jordon two/04 125 
watts. 2115' spk • . ami horn $85. 
469-6361. Richard (11/31 

FOR SALE Oriental Rugs 463-2000 
Ext 2750 (.vea.) 755-3783 (11/9) 

Nice Mahoganv 6·drawer vanity 
",,/full Igth mirr. & bench. Sacllce 
$45. 463·5942 (11 /13) 

FREE B.aut tabbv cat. Altered 
f.m Shots . Mild -man Af-
fectionata. 270-1804 aft 6. (11113) 

1969 FI AT 124 Sp. Cpe. mag 
wheels AM-FM radio. 5oap .. d. 
31.000 mi.. . 1325 756-6636 St.v. 
(11/13) 

TRUMPET: Old • . gd. ·cond. gd. 
tone w/ca.e. Bach mthpic •• 125 
Rob A. 463-2296111 /13) 

FOR SALE: Ltle used dunham hikg 
boot •.• ize 11 . n_ t3Ii now $20 
call Bob. 755-6279 (11/131 

• • MUSTANG. 4-1peed. 281 Mint 
condo rib It. .ng. C.II Craig 488-

URGENT I Polyn •• i.n b.nd 8Ii71 111/131 
looking for gultariet. C.II Albert or 
Roy 453-1731(11 /131 

• VW bu. with rib . •• ng. new 
clutch. n_ bett. reb g.n .now 

I would like to buy. used " Hor t,. 'X. mech . .... -005 (11/13) 
Gut Zu" book. Call . -Tm after 8 
p.m.I' l131 
F.rr.1I'1 Ic. Cr .. m P.rleur 
R"'II,.nt .. hIrtne -rwek 
collefie ttudenta n we ..... Apply 
TU. OJ WEO . • t ... WeatPt. L_ 
Blvd. only 234-1I131pll/t) 
NEED A RIDE t;) ,. " • .toet. 
_va Frt1? PI_ ~I lu ...... 
_ (11/111 

W.nfad: On. or two p.r.gon • . 
M.,.... w.nted for dynemlc 
n.w .; .mpu •• port of I.cro •••. 
Invo .. ~ •• Interaction with. t •• m. 
Inc luding out-of-town trip • . 
R.II.ollfty. humor .nd h.rd work 
required. C.II D.v. Ry.r Ixl231) 
for .n int.rvl.w.I11/13) 
1. VW .xec mech condo need. 
p.lnt touch UP AM 4&9-(1231 P.M. 
.... 1.(11113) 

..... . w-tall. uead onc • .., O'nell 
jeeket mad. t20 .. ,. 111/13) 
1. D.Uun 2GOO W . 2 top. 5 
1PMd. hi ml .. but gd. condo cell 
71i1-6QD.1111131 

Beautiful klngalz. w.t.nted In-
Clud; I'II.tl; ••• • IIn.r. fr.m • . 
ped.tel $75 ... 71&01111131 

Brown. IPlt cowhld. women'. 
j.cket $20 7H-7111O (11/ 131 
HONDA 73 750 Lat.at mod.1 K-3 
N_ tune·up. Sissy ber 7.000 Mi. 
off •• *2-1148111 / 13) 

P.ntax .potm.tlc W . 35mm f 2.8 
135 mm f 2.1 $170755-0482 (11/13) 

'86 GMC. Icvl. 3/4 ton pick up . 
N_ tir.. r.d. xlent condo Bob 
463-0467 or 453-1337 (11113) 

KLH MOD. 20 STl:REO'f FM xlnt flv. thlrty.1111131 
condo gd .nd. t4IIO new muat .. II 
.t $1&0 Robert 756-4201111/13) M • . Cultura - Puehlng tick ... to 

the 'Skln of Our B.nene.: too? 
8' cemp.r .h.lI; c.rpet fir bed 
w / m.ttr.... etrg c.binet .ta. 

1111131 

XLNT condo $200. 272-8028(11113) Vog.I-O.I.t-Th. r.l.v.ncy of 
b.nen.. I. Irr.l.v.nt to my 

UCSD Sun Vall.y Ski Trip Tlck.t 
For Sal. at Bargain Price:$156 Call 
Mike. 488-6998 (11 /13) 

monthly check. 111/13) 
Jun.t - regardl_ of ...... my 
wllh .. on your ep.clal d.y w.r. 

For Sill a: Alfa Romeo Spyder. 1965 tN' & .Ine.r • . Rom.o (11/131 
56.000 miles $800. Call C.rlos 463-
2000 X1827 or 469-7016 (p11/13) 

1916 VW .tetlonw.gon. blu • . N_ 
rebuilt .ngln. h •• only 1Il00 mil .. 
3 n.w tlr ••. MOO. 462-07841 111/18) 
Fr •• -to • lovin g home-.m.lI . 

frl.ndly. mlx.d br •• d m ... dog. 
P ..... I 4II-7I78-or ..... Ita to the 
Hum.n. Socletyl 111 /1" 

Will und.,..11 .ny r.ten prlc. on 
C.non FTb FI.4. Nlkon F2 
photomic. Nikon F2!i. some Nikon 
I.ne ... 277"'781(11/181 
Ship' . Clock . B •• utlful br ... 
clock ring •• hlp·. b .... P.1d tl35. 
s.n t110. Tom . -77111 (11/111 
K2 ~KIIS 2DO cm with M.rk.r 
Binding. $75 Ouy Ach •• on 7A-
1M) 111/1" 

Skll-Kneleel RED STAR. N_ 
tllO; only.". 200 CM -Iolomon 
.. blndlnga 0000 CONO Frank 

412~ (11/111 

Trlvl. Buffa: What I. the name of 
Sky King'. pl.n.? The dog on 
Topp.r that drank m.rtln"? c.n 
463-1439 111/131 

Hey Goody .. r - How much did 
y "v thet It co.t to ".rn how 
t o light m.tch .. ? We would h.v. 
t .ught you for nothing . Th. 
B.ng.ng.ra (11/ 131 
To J.ff the R.f-BEWARE of 
w.tarb.lI.ra b .. rlng,plrt. 
(11/13) 

Att.ntlon d.pr .... d .tud.nte: 
Are your reedy to quit achool .nd 
com. to Co. In July to work .nd 
.kl? For Info. call 412 .... 111/131 

FEO·N. ALL M.C. peraonnel from 
w .. t U.s. mMt'31 Dec. n to form 
worfel peace. MISSION CON· 
TROL 111/111 

Paul-How'. PUppy? I m ... " him" 
.lotI Love. J .. nne 111/131 

R.member U...., H.II. Ihnew .nd 
BII2. 111/111 

2 guftara; Acouetlc. "' ... 1 nyton 
1 ..... trine .. ,.. 111/1., " Oon't Forget CAMPUI WIDE 

OOOILE DAY·Nov. lr W. Mad 
OUITAR: Ovation. 2 yra old U · your .upport.l11I1JI 
oeIIent condo .. or beet offer. 
Curtll .... 11/111 

MANDOLIN A~n mede flat-
back. Very nice. Milk •• ome .ood 
mualclMO Mik. __ 111/111 

FOR IALE: I.ra"...... belt 
.x.rcinr. Exc.n.nt condition. 
" .00 Cd 2JII..GI71after I . 111/111 

FOR SALE: Or.nt •• nd Icholer· 
.hlp • . Formar .... IIIImen .... ng 
comp"te .br.ry on h_ • where 
to ... federal. priv.ta funda." 
"1714. 1:a.1CUII p.m.ll1/,., 

personal 
Any .nd .. humene. Or .. l1IIIne. 
Vulo.ne. Andorrlana. .tc. w .. hIn. 
Info on Equlcon 74 (the ltar Trek 
Conv.ntlonl: 412".111/111 

lost & found 
FOUND: lom.thln. of .,..t 
v.lu.: b.llev.d to b. form.rly 
_ned by the ........ fal. on the 
el.hth floor of T.n.y • . Muet 
Id.nttfy. Contect: Lee Ann • .Jill. 
Frencln .. Cathy. or P.ttI 111/111 

FOUND: .et of k.,. to • Chrya"r. 
Found n •• r book.tor. on 
M.U- Cam"" .. 4I3-7lOt • • 1Ik 
for Jlm.(ll/lll 
FOUND: W.tch on Reveh P ..... 
Nov. 1 Cal Den. ___ .nd 
deecrtbe.111 1111 

FOUND: Oold .. rrlng found on 
...,. neer Muir cat 0 .. 1m et TT 
offlc. (11/131 

WANTED: rid. to B.y Ar. for 
Thenk.glvlng; wRllng to .hara 
• xp.n_ .nd driving Kathy 4112-

111/131 

To the p.raon who bought Becky 
For III.: One uHd 1962 8 ft. 8in. B ... nch·. 1 .. Hlllm.n ... t .prln • 
" P.ter'·. S .. Argo 247. 111/13) pi .... c.1I Su.i •• t 270-2241 efter 

LOST: Thura. 11 -1 blu. checkbook 
hal nem. & phon. number In It 
contect m.II •• v. .t TT P.t 
M.lerI11 / 13) 

Page 8 Triton Times, November 

Loet brown I .. ther w.llet with 10 Rmmt. w.nted. M ... Apt .. 
.nd check .. PI .... contect Donn. mo. F.m gred. praf. 452-0646. 
C.be at 7!ifi-5481111/131 (11 /13) 
Found : jacket in Muir Pkng. lot 
Identify and pick up at Muir R ••. 
D .. n Offic • . (11/13) 

REWARD for LOit W.II.t - Tick.t 
to M.havi.hnu conc.rt and a big 
amile278-5087 D.vid Ripley 111 /13) 

Lost: Cock.r Spaniel. last aeen on 
15th st. In Del Mar. R.ward Pleas. 
call 755-6986 (11 /131 

Taken from Hum. Lib: Gr.en Armv 
Jacket. Beware 82nd Airborne. 
Tum in at TT Office. (1 1/ 131 

Found - Leslie Franz. green wallet 
in front of Muir Commons on 11 /6 
Pick up at TT Offic • . (11 / 13) 

Found. one fountain p.n on the 
Cruiaer 9 o'clock run. 11/7 Cali 
Mark 755-5438 (11/13) 

Found north of uray hall the 
earplec. of wire rimmed gl ..... 
111 /13' 

FOUND I •• t Tu • . Skylight filt for 
36mm cam.r. len •. Id.ntify and 
it'. youra tim .ulllna 281-2307 
111/131 

Found GI._ In black c ... 11-2 
.t 5:30 lo_r prk lot .t SerlpPl 
Pickup TT offlc. (11/13) 

housing 
R.ponelble .dult party wl.hn to 
.ublet .pt. n .. r UCSD for .11 or 
part of the period of Dec. "24. 412-
0211 111/131 

Need 3C53Imol or 2171/mol mate .. 
"- In Clmt. 2 nne ""'. oeI 
Chuck zn.1211111/11 

Wented • room-me. to' Iva with 
• Phy.lo ..... d·m.I.·ln e two 
bedroom hou .. In C ...... mont. • .,. 
p.m . C •• Prabhe .t Ext. 1741 de ... 
m ·1717 -. 1111111 

R_mmeta Needed. _n "oom In 
Condo. In Unlv. City .1211month 
cel for d.-I ......... 77 111/.' 

W.nt to .ubl ••••• 2·b.droom 
COAST .partment from 1U7I to 
2-1~74 eal 411-1711. X 1741 111/,., 

Steylng in La Jolla querur break? 
2 rmmt •• needed December t7ll. 1 
mile from c.mpu • . ""_111/131 

HOUSINO F.m.l. room.t. 
needed to ah.r. the .~ of 1 
bdr . • pt. 10. MI •• lon MO c.1I __ 
1301 1111" 

Need Rmt .. to .har. 3 Bdr hou •• 
& garllle for 210 S. CI.lr.mont 
271-1iOIiI7 111/13) 
Apt. for rent Month of DEC 2 
BDRM. furn . at La Jolla Village 
Apt. Compl.x phon. 463-9638 
(11113) 
F.male rmmte wanted. own rm. 
bath. furn. apt. in 0.1 M.r n.ar 
b.llch. Call Larain. 755-5603 after 
6.(11 /13) 

Want to trade single room in Argo 
or Blake w ith another such owner 
contact me at: Room Trade P.O. 
Box 4909 Revell. Campus (11 /131 

services 
Proportional .pec. typing - from 
dictation or copy. F .. x"" houra. 
My horne. 4I4--a. IPll/201 

PART-TIME JOB: Light delivery 
work; t9.oo/DA. Appx. 2 h"/d~ 
C.II Bob. 755--5279(11/131 
Exp. Typing .• xp.rI.nced on .11 
tyPe!; of p.para. Fnt. Exclt gr.m 
& .pell. IBM S.I.ctric. CI.iramont 
.r.. . C.II M.rllyn .t 515-
70IIII11 /131 
TYPING: Exp. the.... trm ppra. 
rprt •. Mlac .. Accru. f.et •• rv. &0 
cante peg.. BEE LYNCH . 753-
7Bl11/23' 

Weter color paint lnetruc. In-
dlvldu.1 InetNct D.nIaI M. C.mp 
4I2-G211111/131 

travel 
Skl.r. Th."k •• lvln. P.rty .t 
T.hoe Ski Heavenly KirkWood 
Squ_. Utah Chrlatm • .,...,., 
Ipllltl 

EUAOP£.ISMa..JN0N4 & N.Y. IDN 
OOIST RJOHrS AVAl~ AI.B. T. 
1GI 8. LA QEJIEGA IIhd LA. CA 
I213t maDlll/3111 
FLlOHTS YEAR ROUND 
Europe. Orl.nt. l.r .. l. Africa. Aleo 
one-w.y.. lpec. XMAI fI. to 
LONDON . MUNICH .TOKYO . 
Since 1. IITC. INC.· % % % N. 
Beverfy Dr. • Beverly HI.... C • . 
1IR1O. ph 12131 271 .. 1. (11/.1111 
EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICAStud.nt 
FlighU ell year round. CONTACT 
ISCA: I0Il Unlv.ralty Av • . No. 11 
I.n Dilllo. C.llf. 12115 TIEL: (7141 
287-3010 or (2131 ,.... 11 


