
Volume 19, Number 7 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, April 23, 1973 

Revelle: Still No Provost 
Rick Drom 

Revelle College has not 
yet sent out classified ads 
to get a permanent 
provost, but it might con-
sider doing just this. 

Last spring, Dr. SPaul 
Saltman, former provost at 
Revelle, was appointed 
vice-chance llor of 
academic affairs. A search 
committee to find a new 
provost was then 
organized and Dr .. John 
Singer wa s appointed 
chairman. The committee 
was composed of faculty, 
students and members of 
the administrative staff at 
Revelle. 

Interim Acting Provost 
Because it was late in the 

yea r no candidates were 
se lected and the com-
mittee asked the 
chancellor to appoint an 
Acting Provost for this Fall . 
Dr . Murray Goodman, 
from the Chemistry depart-
ment at UCSD, assumed 
this position. 

Committee Reorgilnized 
The committee was re-

orga nized in the fall and a 
new chairman, Dr. Warren 
Butler, was appointed . 
Tho ugh the newly 
organized committee did 
meet a few times in Oct. 
and November it wasn't 
able to energetically inter-
view candidates in the 
crucial first months of the 
quarter, 

Early Months Better 
According to one of the 

facu Ity members of the 
committee. Dr . David 
Cro wne, the first few 
months of each academic 
year is the most opportune 
time to get candidates. This 
is because professors are 
req uired by some laws and 
other unwritten understan-
dings to notify a depart-
ment well in advance if 
they plan to leave their 
department. 

In order for a ca ndidate 
to come to Revelle in the 
fall, he must notify his 
depa rtment in the winter. 
Due to re-organization the 
search committee couldn't 
use the months to full ad-
vantage. 

The committee had its 
task made even mor dif-
ficul t by other com-
plications. 
Provostship An Added 
Duty 

The position of provost is 
actua lly just an added duty 
for a faculty member. 
Thoug h off-campus 
academicians can of course 
become provost, they must 
also become members of a 
department at Revelle. In 
case they should resign as 
provost th y would still be 
a tenured memb r of some 

d~partment. This provision 
gives the provost much 
mor influenc and ability 

t~ mak real changes 
without considering per-
Sona I onseq u nces of 
su h a tions. 

Thus a candidate must 
not only b a great ad-

wanted: provost 
revel1e/ucsd 
ocean view 
1 nquire wi thin 
~w~.~iate placemen 

NIGHTS TUDENTS 
17 CAREER 

COURSES 
KMII vour lob .nd I.EARN 
to EAR'" more MONFY 

NEW qUlrter starting NOWI 
EVENI~IG a. OAY COURSES 

California Business College · 
312 W. 5th St •• I. .A. 90013 

·Olvlslon of c~~ralnlno 
* CONTRACTORS * 

LICENSE SCHOOL 
:.~.TF eXAM COACHING 

1 WEEK 

ministrator but he or she 
must also be of a high 
enough academic level 
that tenure could be 
granted in a department at 
UCSD. 

Another problem is 
timing. ?rofessors of the 
level needed for provost at 
Revelle, rarely leave a posi-
tion without having 
another already lined up. 
So prospective candidates 
must be in the position in 
their careers where they 
want to move on, but have 
not yet d cided where to 
go. 

Spreading the Word 
This qu stion is further 

compounded by a lack of 
communication about 
openings such as provost; 
since ' they are not adv r-
tised in the L.A. TIMES. 
Crown said, that the com-
mitte would lik to stay 
away from the "old boy 
method of r cruiting" with 
its inher nt discriminatory 
procedure . But unfor-
tunat Iy in su h a delicat 
matt r a provost , 
om tim s relying on 

grap vine information i 

the best or only method 
available. 

"Insider" Desirable 
The committee realized 

that many of these 
problems cou ld be 
simplified or eliminated if 
the candidate came from 
inside UCSD. Though ob-
jections such as the need 
for "new blood" and 
"ideas" have merit, an "in-
sider" is already of a high 
academic level and could 
remain in his department. 

Goodman Obvious Choice 
For these and other 

reasons attention turned to 
Dr. Goodman. By showing 
himself to be an able ad-
ministrator he seemed to 
be the obvious choice for 
permanent provost. 

Informal discussions 
took place between Dr. 
Butler and Dr. Goodman 
and it was learned that Dr. 
Goodman did not wish to 
be considered. 

In a letter to the TRITON 
TIMES Goodman said that 
he will do his best as Acting 
Provost to " maintain 
Revelle as a strong and 
effective college" But "I 
am not a candidate for the 

per~anent appointment 
because of my substantial 
obligations to teaching and 
resea rch ." 

Committee Stumped 
As of now the search 

committee seems to be 
stumped . Due to a lack of 
interested candidates they 
have only met 3 or 4 times 
since October. Their last 
meeting was around 
February. 

Not Until 1974J 
Crowne, for one, has lit-

tle hope of finding a can-
didate befire January or 
September of 1974. Until 
then Dr. Goodman will 
continue to be stretched 
thin between his duties in 
adminstration, teaching 
and research until a "full-
time Provost" is found . 

Sex in the 
Fascist 
Society 

Wedn sday, April 25, 
Melvyn Fr ilich rand 
Kathy Ack r will present 
THE ROLE OF EX IN THE 
FA CI T SOCIETY, a post-
idioti poetry reading. 

Spon or d jointly by th 
CAMPU Programming 
Board, and th D partment 
of Lit rature, th reading 
will begin at 4 p.m. 

Th r ading will b held 
in th RevplI Informal 
Loung . 

Alpha Phi Omega flourished in 1968, but in 1973 was disbanded when it found itself with 
only two members. 

1968 Yearbook Nostalgia 
Rick Drom 

College traditions, like a football team and fraterni ties, are normally pr erved in a 
yearbook. A yea rbook, another collegiate tradition, hasn't appeared at UC 0 since 
1968. 

The last yearbook, Th e Trident , recorded the differe nt school that UCSD was five 
years ago. 

The change reflects not only the passag of time and changing styles, but a basically 
diff rent attitude toward student roles. 

The Trident was produced by the class of '68. It was only the se ond yearbook ever 
produced, th first was put out by the cia s of '68 four years earlier, wh n they were 
freshmen . 

Since it was the first class at UCSD it was free to create trad itions and set p recedents. 
Even in 1968 UCSD was still brand new and consisted mainly of just Reve"e College. The 
foundations for Muir litera"y had not been laid and Muir student3 lived in the 
Matthews Campus area. At that time it was planned to have 12 colleges and 27,500 
students at UC D by 1985. 

On of thC' most apparent changes in the Trident is that most of the administrators 
five years ago are not here today. Even many of those who were here have changed 
since then . . 

Paul Saltman and George Murphy seem d to be in competition to se who would 
have shorter hair. Dean Mort was then called Father Mort sin e he was the director of 
Religious Affairs in 1968. 

But the largest changes have been made in the area of student a tivities and 
organizations. 

Tom Shepard, now a Del Mar City Councilman, was an A.S. senator in 19fi8. The 
Associated Students no longer has senators; mainly becau e the As ociated tudents 
was abolished last Spring after a referendum. 

There was a letterman 's club five years ago at UCSD. The last va rsity football team 
ended its season and the sport with a perfect record; having never won a single game. 

Frate rnities and formal dances once flourish ed, believe it or not, at UC D. Th re were 
no less than five national fraternitie and a cou ple of sororities on campus in 1968. The 
last of the e frat rnities closed this fall when it discovered that it only had two members. 

ictures in the Trident of fraternity life brings back memori of a really different 
time . "Leave it to Beaver" and "Ozzie and Harriet" showed the nation how Ameri ans 
lived . Football, beer and parties were the rule. 

But at UCSD, even then, something different was happening. While the Young 
Republicans were raising money to get an American Flag in the Revelle plaza, a group 
ca lled Students for an Independent Left (S IL) passed out informat ion in the plaza . 

1968 was a yea r of social awakening and of demonstrations, and UC 0 was no 
ex eption. The Trident captured on film the faces of long lin of UCSD protestors 
against the war. 

Ironi ally th . hair of the protestors is so short that today it looks like th w re 
members of the right, not left, wing of so iety. 

Th s demonstrations must have been reported differen tl y a well since there were 
only two campu n wspapers in 1968. On of th e, the TRITO TIME , till exi t 
today. But it ha been joined by four oth r campus opinion journal . 

UCSD ha changed a lot from th fir t graduating cia s of 22 wom n and 78 men. 1968 
eem d to b a turning point in co li ge acros the nu ntr . Fratern i ti('~ and class ring 

gave way to new idea , att itud s and trad itions. 

Third College Construction 
laura Scudder 

on tru tion of Third Colle e p rmanent building i plann d to b gin arch 1, 
1974, giv n the final approval of th U Board of Regent and th Campu Planning 
Commis ion . Pa cual Martin z, 0 an of Third 011 ge and a member of the Buildin 
Advi ory ommitt of Third Co" ge, fore ees no probl m in g tting .,pproval. 

When a k d about funding, Mr. Martin z expr _ d a "ni nety-five perc nt hope of 
funding" by th tate legislature. H remarked that a po ibl rl;f!; ~~!~i ;-:-. :t\!. : .. ~ :5-
b au of th oppo it ion of th I gi lativ analy t, Alan Po t, to on tru tion funding 
until empty UC campu ar fill d . 

How ver, with the upport of han IIor Will iam MElroy, Pr ident harle Hitch, 
and thE' A 0 ia t d tud nt Body lobb iI, Martinez' hop till r main high . 

ontinu d on pag 7 



Thesis/ 
Dissertation 

Research 
Grants 

VD Extension 
Cou rse Offered 

A short course offered by UCSD Ex-
tension, will reconsider attitudes about 
veneral disease and how such attitudes 
may affect society'S abil ity to control VD. 

Th ere ar four class meetings in 
" Youth and Veneral Disease", which 
begin Friday (April 27) at 7 p.m. in Room 
1330 of the Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building on UCSD's Muir Cam-
pus. The cI ass also meets for a nail-day 
session on Saturday the 28th, and a 

A l im ited number of Thesis and 
Disse rtation Research Grants will again 
be available to reg istered graduate 
students during 1973-74. Small grants to 
a maximum of $300 may be awarded to 
ind ividual students for purchase of 
minor capital equipment, expendable 
materials and supplies, photoreproduc-
tion of research materials, transcription 
of tape recordings, and transportation 
expen e. Funds are not available for 
computing time, thesis o r dissertatio n 
typing, or subsistence while traveling. 

/ simi lar Frida y evening - Saturday 
schedule for May 4-5. 

Th se grants are des igned to assist 
students who have no other source of 
funds for th eir dissertatio n research or 
thes is projects. 

App lications will be accepted from 
regis tered graduate students who have 
been o r will ha ve been advan ced to 
ca nd idacy fo r the Ph.D. pr ior to January 
3, 1974; or who have or will have com-
pleted a minimum of th ree quaners o f 
ful l-t ime study lead ing to the M.F.A . by 
the end of th e Fall Quarter, 1973. 

Application forms are available in 
depa rtment offi ces. A student should 
complete one of the application forms 
and ' give it to hi s dissertation adviser, 
who will write an eva luation o f the 
tudent 's thes is or dissertation pro ject. 

The application and eval uation wil l then 
b given to the depa rtment chai rman 
who wi ll ra nk all applica tions in his 
departmen t i n o rde r of prior i t y. 
Completed application fo rms, th dis-
sertation advisers' eva luations, and 
o<>partment chai rmen's rank ings m ust 
be submitted to the Off ice of Graduate 
Siudies and R s arch by May 30. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITY THRU 

HYPNOSIS 

Cynthia D. Martin, a psychologist and 
marriage and family counselor in la 
Jo lla, wi ll coordinate the course for 
Extension . She is quick to point out that 
VD is not j ust a disease of the poor or 
young, and says "we don' t need to 
pretned it belongs just to them." 

" The two most important changes are 
getting people to seek medical diagnosis 
and treatment early , when both syphilis 
and gonorrhea, no~ the more prevalent 
t ype, are completely curable, and 
creating a responsible attitude toward 
o neself and other people," she says. 

Guest speakers for the course will be 
Dr. Harold Simon, specialist in infectious 
di seases and associate dean of UCSD 
School of M dicine, who will talk on 
m edical symptoms and complications; 
Ed ith Canfie ld, a public health educator 
from the San Diego Department of 
Publ ic Health , talking on aspects of the 
prvblem 10 ally; and a group of teacher~ 
f rom th e San Diego public schools. 

The course is open to volunteer and 
professional workers in free clinics, 
socia l work ers, parents of teenagers, 
teachers and peopl generall y alarmed 
about the spread of YD. A total fee of $3 
incl udes the textbook which will be 
used. 

Part ic ipan ts can reg iste r at th e 
clas room Friday ev ning, or call 453-
2000, ex ten sion 2061 for information 
about advance reg istration. 

This Week in Sacramento 
AFTER A FIVE-FOOT MOCK 

CIGARETTE and two black flags bearing 
skulls and crossbones were carrued out 
of a hearing room, t he Assembly 
Criminal Justice Committee began a 
three-hour hearing on a " Nonsmokers' 
Bill of Rights." The bill would ban 
smoking in hospital rooms, general 
public meeting places and theaters, with 
the exception of the lobby. It would also 
require restaurants and bars with a 
capacity of 50 or more to be set aside 
"one half of the serving area for persons 
smok ing tobacco products. The bill, in-
troduced by Assemblyman John Briggs 
(R-Orange County), is expected to be 
amended to include colleges and un-
iversities before further hearings. 

ASSEMBl Y SPEAKER BOB MORETTI 
announced at a press conference that he 
has reintroduced legisla tion to crea te a 
new oil drilling sanctuary in the Santa 
Barbara Channel. Involved are some 
50,000 acres of state-owned territory 
adjoining the mainland between Point 
Magu and Point Conception. 

The measure also would give the State 
Lands Commission authority to halt oil 
and gas opeations threatening 
recreational areas and the rest of the 
environment. The Speaker introduced 
the same legislation (AB 609) last year. It 
passed both the Assembly and the 
enate but was vetoed by the Governor. 
AN ADDITIONAL HEARING on the 

collapse of the Arroyo Seco freeway 
bridge in Pasadena was held by the 
Assembly Select Committee on In-
dustrial Safety. The bridge carrying the 
Foothill Freeway over Arroyo Seco 
collapsed October 17, 1972. In addition 

to the six fatalities, 31 other persons 
were injured, six of them seriously when 
there was a failure in scaffolding being 
used to build the bridge. 

"These hearings tell us more about 
what correcti ve steps have been taken 
by agencies involved in bridge building 
and hopefully enable the Slect Com-
mittee to identify what legislative actions 
are necessary to prevent such disasters 
from recurring," said Assemblyman Jack 
Fenton (D-Montebello>. chairman of the 
Select Committee. 

ASSEMBLY SPEAKER BOB MORETII 
has laken steps through the State Budget 
to provide $34.7 million for full funding 
of chi ld ren's day care centers for fiscal 
year 1973-74, should the federal govern-
ment withdraw its support. 

"The federal governments' threat to 
cut back financial support for day care 
cen ters and preschool programs has 
rallied a vast protest throughout Califor-
nia," Moretti said . 

"Clearly the people of this sta te 
regard these programs as vital and want 
to see them cont inued. We are now 
taking the n cessa ry steps to assure their 
continuance." 

The federal cuts would eliminate 30,-
000 of the 45,000 children current ly in 
the program, including 90 percent of the 
children of migrant laborers and all 
children attending campus children 
centers. 

The Legislature has already passed, 
and the Governor Signed, a bill (AB 387) 
authored by Moretti to provide funding 
for day care centers to the end of the 
fi cal year, should the federal govern-
ment end its support. 

Master Plan Announcement 
For the benefit of those who did not have the opportunity to testify at the March 

hearings, and those who would like to submit addtional testimony the Joint Committee 
on the Master PI an for Higher Education will accept written sta tements, letters, and 
position papers on the Draft Report through May 1, 1973. 

Single copies of the Draft Report are avai lable upon request. 
Joint Committee on the Master Plan for Higher Education, Assembly Post Office Box 83, 

State Capitol, Sacramento, California 95814 

P BLIC NOTICE 
ouce IS hereby given that thc TR ITO 

TIM [S. 117 LO'Aer Blake Hall. RC'velle 
Campu •• UCSD. L. JolI, . CA 92037. h" 
filed With the Studen t Employment OITicC' 
In compllun« with Chancellor Wilham 
McElroy's ruling of October 27. 1972. It 
h~1!n1 or Job", 3\1,ulo.lble for thc 197J·1974 
ac.:Jdemlc year 

In compliance with the job ru lin& Ihc 
follow,", listln,. of jobs ava dlolble in sa id 
offices Iii glVC'n. Editoc·i n·Ch,ef, Ci ty 
Editor. M:1nagm& Editor. Copy EdllOr, 
BUSiness Mana@e r. Editoria l Director. Arts 
ldllor. Sport Ldltor. Photo&ruphy I:.dltor. 
5«retary. A"''jl'itant CllY EdItor. A'~I tan I 

8 us,"e~5 Man .. r:e r. A \~l'llInl Fditonal 
DIf((.;lor. A ~1~I;lnl Sport I:.dllor. Sclcncc 
I:.dlto r. Secretarial A i~tanu Ind 
Sdlc:,mc:n 

An} pcr'o<m wl~hln~ 10 apply mu,t fint 
Pille. up a ref.:rral rrom the Student I:mploy· 
menl Office. 210 M • :lnd then pr~nt the 
rdcrrdllo Corky or Camy Ulthc T RITO 
TIMI:_Soffil.c Monddy·Friday I HX). 1:00 In 
order 10 pick up an apphcatu)n All 
upplll.:atlons mU'tt be In by M 3)' R. 191.1. 
1200 noon The TRITON TIMlS IS AN 
Equal OpportunllY I:mployer All deded 
po ItlonlO are subject to final approval by 
the UCSD CommulUcallon5 84.ud 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
NOhCC j, hereby,i\lcn thuI the TRITO 

TIM I:S. 11 1 Lo,""cr Blake lfall.·Re\lelle 
Campus. UCSD. La Jolla. CA. 92037. has 
filed With the Student Employment Office 
In comph.lnce wi th Chancellor Wilham 
McElroy's ru ling of October 27. 1912. a 
Ii!tling of jobs available for the 1913· 1974 
aCddemlc year. 

In COlllp li .. nce With th c job ruling the 
followln~ listing of job'" ava ilable In said 
orfH~e5 I~ given : Edito r· In·Ch;cf. Ci ty 
Ed; tor. ManaM m, Ed itor. Copy Edito r. 

Bu"'m~s Manager, Edito rial Dlrettor. Ar\.S 
Edllo r. Sports Editor. PhOlosrdphy I:d ltor. 
Secretary. Alisislllnl City Editor. Assistant 
O USinCS M 3na~cr. A'!si51an l EditOria l 
Di rector. A si~t a n t Sports Editor. Science 
fd l\or. Sccrttarlil l A 81 tlt nts and 
Salc'imen 

Any per1iOn ""I'thlng 10 apply must finl 
rtlck up a refC'rral from Ihc Student Employ· 
ment Office. 210 \1 e . ;Ind thC'n prnent the 
rclerr",1 10 Corky or Clnl), In the TRITON 
rlM I:S office MondaY· "Flday 1200.100 In 
ordcr to pick up un application All 
dprlicallon, mu\1 he in by \1 ay 8. 1973. 
1200 noon The TRITON TIM ES IS AN 
LquJI Opportunity F;;.mployer All elecled 
PO~ l tIOO!lo .trC' sub,)tct to final approva l by 
the UCS D CommUnication Boa rd. 

USE ... 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
~ 01ice is hereby given that the T RITON 

TIM ES. 117 LO'4cr Blake Hall , Rc\t:llc 
ampul. UCSD. La Joll •. CA 92037. has 

filed with the Student t.mploymcnt OrrtCC 
1M compliance wilh Chancellor Wilham 
A! cElroy's ru llOg of October 27. 1912. a 
lI\tlns or Jobs avai lable for the 1973· 1974 
ucadcmlt;: year 

In comp liance with the Job fuhn& the 
rollowlng listing of jobs ava ilable in said 
orner! III liven: Editor·i n- hief. City 
Editor. Manasing Edi tor. Copy Ed itor, 
Busmc'ls Manager. Ed itoria l Director, Arts 
editor. porlS Editor. PhotoSfaphy Editor. 
Sccrcllu y. A SSistant Ity Edllor. ;\ "\;5Ianl 
BU.!il neS5 Ma na&er. A55iSlan t Editori al 
Dircctur. ASS1<it,a nl Sports I:.dltor. Science 
EditOr. Sec retarial AUls t ants and 
Salesmen. 

A fly person wlshlna to apply must fi nt 
pick up d rcfe rratl from the Student Emplo)'-
men t Office. 210 Me. and then presc.n l the 
rdeHil1 to Cork\ or amy In Ihc T RITON 
T IM [S office Monda) -Fuday 12'()()' I:OO In 
order to ('l Id up an apphcClhon . All 
aT'pllc3tIQn\ mu .. t be: in by May 8. 1973. 
1200 noon. The TRITON TIMES IS AN 
" quul Opportumty Employer. All elected 
po<i luon" .. re subject 10 final appro\ al by 
the UCS D ommunicution!l Board. 

D. RAKON 281-4586 Your academic and staff employees Credit Union 
LDOKINb RJR -:n ACTION 
SOME: AC.TION 0 I is the 

Peace Corps 
and VISTA 

.June (;n,duatc -
.I nil 0 pcnin~' ill 

I I HI 1{i\1. 1\ R re;; . 810 
I '(d"'1 I KIWI. <;( II "' I 

," I) Orlll ' l{ 'v1I\JOR~ 
\ppl ~ /\pril 23-27 
'\Iuir TV I .nlln~r 

II u.rn .-.l p.m. 'Jnn .- J hllr\. 
II a .m.- ',,,In I' rid" ., 

Page 2Triton Times Tuesday, April 23,1973 

'.I ,"'J M tilt." 'It .... ' • ., U·"r.'1 '}. 110 '" .,. "" 1111 II 
"JI'II r,ol.~. ........ ..n D.t,,,, "J r,." • IlI',4 IU 
Mt'I""' •. ( .• '"PU\ ",rJ II II,J .. U.1'9 I Pi_, ... '" .,,0 

Effective now. until close of business June 30. 
1973. your University & State Emptoyees Credit 

Union will ofler a new low financing chargeof 8.3% 
annual percentage rate on new autos and trucks, 
and used vehicles up to four years old. We believe 

thi s new low rate combined with our loan pro· 
tectlon Insurance, provided without extra charge. 

is Ihe lowest auto financing package offered in 
th San Diego area. Down paymenls are as low as 

15% of the lotal purchase price. Including tax 
and license, with terms to 36 monlhs. Take 

advantage of thiS new low finanCing rate before 
it ends June 30, 1973. 

Q[]~[§ feMia, 
UNIVERSITY I STATE EMPLOYEES 

CREDIT UNtON OF SAN DIEGO 

Animal 
Kingdom 

Ted an.d Pat DerbY,'s ANIMAL KINGDOM is coming 
to San Diego <?n Apnl 28, 1973 at the San Diego Sports 
Arena . Show time IS 8:00 p.m. A show of this kind has 
never been dO.ne before. Jim Pagni & Ted Derby have 
combined their knowledge of Show production and 
animals and have capsuled a two hour show that will be 
a treat for people of all ages. There will be a live 
performances with a black leopard, the only trained 
wolf pack, a chase scene with an elephant, chimpanzes 
who sell programs in the audience and a bear who eats 
cookies from the hands of children. 

Ted and Pat Derby are wild animal lovers and 
dedicated to the preserva tion of all animal life. They 
have a true understanding of each member of their 
" family" and say that interacting with them on their 
own level is the reason they have been able to find the 
personal and professional satisfaction of working with 
all their animals. 

Their "stars" have b(!en seen many times in movies 
and television commercials. Clyde the jaguar is the star 
of the Kal -Kan commercial, Chauncey the Cougar 
adorns the Mercury/Cougar sign, Sweet Willi am the 
Kissing Bear has starred on several t.v. shows and 
Disney movies. But Ted and Pat have not restricted 
their 300-acre, Rancho De La Cuesta to just large 
animals. Their ranch is a retreat for any orphaned 
animal whether it is an elephant or a sma ll barn owl. 

But what about training these animals? Ted and Pat 
have never owned a gun and simply train their animals 
with love and affection. O ccaSionally wild animals can 
be rough through either fear or love, but it is the 
animal who respects and loves his trainer that strikes a 
happy medium. The Sports Arena show will feature 
Rijo, a 700-lb. Siberian tiger; the largest in captivity, 
wolves, a couga r, a jaguar, an elephant, Sweet Will iam 
who loves children, and several other m mbers of their 
happy family . 

So for an evening of family fun and entertainment. 
come and see ted and Pat Derby present th ir ANIMAL 
KI GDOM 

Ted Derby shown with h is cat, Chauncey 
the Cougar. Ted and his wife, Pat, will 
appea r at the Sports Arena with Their 
a nim als (including a jaguar, a bl ack 
leopard, and a ki ssing bear) this Saturday 
evening. 

cpb 
presents 

ZENDIK! 
"Electric Renaissance Music" 

FRIDAY - APRIL 27, 1973 

8:30 P.M. 
REVELLE CAfETERIA 

Admission is 
FREE 

TICKETS ON SALE: 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

Tues. - Thurs . 2-5 
Friday- 2-4 

Closed Monday 

• 
Campus 

Commedia 
Sandy Archer, one of the guiding members of the 

San Francisco Mime Troupe, will present a lecture 
demonstration on " Commedia del'Arte in the Twen-
tieth Century" Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

Currently an instructor at Peralta Community 
College in Oakland, Ms. Archer has demonstrated her 
versatility with interest in teaching a puppetry course at 
the San Francisco Public library, her reviews for the San 
Francisco CHRONICLE, her collaboration with director 
Saul landau in the Chilean iilm, " Que Hacer?" and her 
Commedia del ' Arte, and in thes Program-Board-
sponsored lecture/ demonstration, Archer will have 
with her the traditional Commedia masks. 

She has formerly taught acting at California State 
University, San Francisco and California State Universi-
ty, San Jose. 

She has formerly taught acting at California State 
University, San Francisco and California State Universi-
ty, San Jose. 

Thu s far , sh e has delivered her lecture-
d monstrations at UC Berk~ ley UC Riverside, Sonoma 
Slate and California State University, San Diego. 

Ms. Arch r has written a book called MULTI -MEDIA 
WORKSHOP-A MODEL IN NINE VIEWPOINTS. 

Series Scripps 1972-1 973 
MANDEVILLE LECTURE 

presents 

DICK 
GREGORY 
"SOCIAL PROBLEMS: 

SOCIAL or ANTI-SOCIAL" 

Wednesday 
8:00 P 8 april 25, 1973 

CASA del PRADO 
BALBOA PARK 

Thi lectur i free & open to 
th Public. Made po ibl by 
th Mand ville Foundation 

Roll and Rockwell 
Sixt . e~ original drawings by Norman Rockwell, 

Am ri ca s ~os t love? and bes t-known painter-
IIlustr~tor, will b on view at the Fine Arts Gallery of 
San DI g~, Balboa Park, May 5 through May 27, 1973. 
The draWings are a s I ction from the collecl ion of 

Massa:h~ sett s Mutual Life Insurance Company which 
com:nlssloned tho .m fro m the art ist beginning in the 
1950 S. The exhibition has been made poss ible through 
th.e aSSIS tance of Mr. Brooks Townsend, the firm 's San 
Diego Count y r presentati ve. 

N<;>rman Tockwell's fame is based upon his career as 
an Illustrator for on of America's most popula r 
magazin es. He has caplUr d a b i t of humorous 
America ~ ~enre in each scene. While the subjects of 
these paintings and illustrations are well -known, little 
at~ e ntlon has been paid to his drawings. The exhibition 
wlH afford an opportun ity to examine this phase of the 
artist's talent. 

Of recent years several ma -
jor books have appeared on 
the life of Rockwell and 
several important museums 
have exhibited his works. His 
art has been appreciated and 
respected by the general 
public for nearly half a cen-
tury. 

The exhibition is free of 
charge to the public. The 
Gallery is open Tuesda y 
through Saturday 10 to 5 p.m.; 
12:30 to 5 p.m. Sunday: closed 
Monday. 

Linda Vickerman , Damian Bur ill-Hall , 
Jean-Charles Francis, and Edwin London 
rehearsing for BALLAD I-a musical depic-
tion of the disintegration of Judy Garland. 

Portrait/Garland 
Lin.da Vickerman, mezzo -soprano, " Judy Garland", 
Da ~l a n Bur III -Ha.lI, flute, Jea n-Charl es Franco is, per-
CUSS ion, Gunnar Biggs, double bass and Edwin London, 
co nductor a they appear in Ballad I by BernMd Rands 
to be presented by the UCSD Department of M usic, 
Thursday, Apri l 26, at 8:30 in th e Music Gallery 408 Me. ' , 

Ba llad ! which depicts the disintegration o f Judy 
Garland, IS one of th ree theater pieces to performed 
that . evening Porlrair of Th ree Ladie (American( by 
EdWin London, a multi media sketch of three Benet 
poem from the " Book of Ameri ans" will also be 
presented. " L'Histoire du Soldat" by trav lnsky which 
deal With th e eterna l strugg le b tween good and evil , 
r ad, played and danced by art i t of thE' UCSD M usic 
Departm nt concludes the program . 

The concert i free and op n to the publ ic. 

While clinging 10 faded IIlu-
"ons 01 Soutne," Qenlillty. a 
mother s trives to Inject 8 
goa l in lite for tler Ion and 
daughter. 8S they seek escape 
fr om he r . tltl lng Influence . A 
drama of g re.t tandems • • , 
senslllvily. and compassion. 

AT THE GLOBE 

I Nf>lANS 

B,ought It li fe through vitali ty 
and en erS 't Indl.ns bursts 
rort h 111 , ousl ng and bitter 
s truggle WaOlpu lated by u n 
sc rupulou s pro fit eers. Bu ff alo 
B i ll compro"nlses h iS ht'e and 
10'11 for th Ind ia n nation a hiS dream of glo,y leads to 
",shtm r h eorruptton. 

Page 3 Tuesday, Ap.ril 23, 1973 Triton Times 



L_A\"ogrpts from 

T.he Saga of Carbohydrate 
by P.T. Sallman, 

Professor of Animal Hu bandry Camarillo 
State Institute for the Mentally In firm. 

With the editorial assist :,nce or Mark McCarly. 

From Canto III, pt. 2 

I would love thee more, Acetaldeh yde, were thy issue not 
fairer still. 

Whal shall be thy true mate 's name 
What mere words might spell the sum of his noble virtues, 

his wondros wit , 
His orgasmic creative might? 
What ign , what golden gleaming emblem shall stand forth 

proud 
Upon this hero's high helm : 

Alcohol Dehydrogenase 
Now comes fair Acetaldehyde forth to meet the hero's 

hungry arms. 
lithely she lies upon his broad and sturdy breast. 
They clutch, 
They cling, 
They embrace in a Consummation of unearthly Ecstasy. 
And light-footed NADH, God's angelic sprite, softly steals 

in and 
Plants the seed of Man's Joy. 
Th lovers lapse in soft slu mber. 
But Lo : The maid Acetaldehyde has dropped her virgin 

gowns, 
And is become a Woman rav ishing to behold: 
The sweet struggle has fi lled her w ith 
A Hol y Fire -
Fro m this day forth shall she be called 

Ethanol 
From Cinto 1, pt. 3 

And mighty Aldolase clave Fructose 1, 6 Di -Phosphate into 
twins, wh ich are 

ca lled 
Glyceraldehyde 3 Phosphate and 
Dihydroxyace tone Phosphate. 
The first was highest in all vir tue, wise and pure of heart, 
Fa ted for a nob le destiny. 
The other wa no true brother to the fi rst, 
Bu t Su nk in id leness and d bauchery, 
A noble knight strode forth , the brave Triose Isomerase, 
And pledge upon his shield 
To transform Dihydroxyacetone into the very l ikeness of 

his noble bro th er, 
The Foul into the Fair ! 
All were du mb with wonder at th is grea t endeavor. 

o Triose Isomerase! 
Th (> rmodynamics, who sits on high ami j lldges the world , 
Has decreed that thy ..l G be & 1.8. 
It is thy inevitable fate that 
Ho wever small thy Km 
However sw ift thy V max 
However va liantly and yearn ingly thy Histid ines and 

SerinE's and 
Lysines may strive -
Even so will the churl ish Dihydroxyaceto ne have 

predominance over his noble brother 
M ore th an ten-fold times shall he predominaTe! 
Ye might swim 

the length of the Nile 
Eat a crocodile 
Yea, even pee up a firehose -
Yet naught would avail thee. 

While thi s dark decree hung heavy on their hearts 
Came forth Glyceraldehyde 3-Phosphate Dehydrogenase; 
Swiftly he phosphorylated the wise Glyceraldehyde 
(Now 1, 3 Di-Phospho Glycerate shall he be called) 
And bore him away in a golden chariot toward 
A glorious Fat . 

And Dihydroxyacetone beheld this, and was amazed, 
And more and more was he sucked into the ways of his 

noble brother. 

Thus did Triose Isomerase and Glyceraldehyde 3 
Phosphate Dehydrogenase 

Earn undying Fame. 

(Few noticed that clever NAD 
Had held the hot hydride 
That fell from Glyceraldehyde -
Thus preparing a way 
For deeds fairer still!) 

From Canto II, pt. 1 

And when proud Phospho-enol Pyruvate had 
reached the summit of his strength, 
He gave up his phosphate to ADP, 
And became Pyruvate. 
And thus was ATP renewed. 

OATP ! 

Thou art the mother's milk, 
The brea th of life, 
The Elmer's Glue-All 
Of all the proud deeds of Humanity. 

Who but thee could challenge co ld Entropy's might, 
Bring Order and Light to reign in 
Th Dark M id night of Chaos. 

What were Shakespea re, Goethe, Einstein , Saltman 
But a mound of dust 
But for Thee. 

What eye could see, 
Wh at hea rt could feel, 

What mind could dream, 
What hand could scratch 

Bu t for Thee. 

What eloquence can match the 
Thundering Si l nce of thy Presence! 
OATP! 
o Ecstasy! 

veni vidi vi ci glomerulonephrit is 
in -nomine Deo impetigo 

Th. opinions exprossed on these pog •• or. those of the 
nec ... arily reflect the views a. the TRtTON TIMES. "ny"" 
should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 

News In Brief 
Walter Winchell 

from the Rutters News Service 

name, appear in the bylines and do not 
submit material to be published on these pages 
Hall. UCSD. 

fu nctions after almost total destruction of brain tissue. 
l ima ted that this method could add at least fifty years to 

life span . The patient must be kept in a special 
compartment, but the patient's loved ones may view 

hrough the glass. Selective stimulation of neural sites 
es the patient's face to assume a variety of realistic and 

Ziegler News Conference expressions; and tapes of the patient's voice may be 
President Richard Nixon today ordered all recipients of to further enhance the enjoyment of his visitors. 

federal welfare aid to be shot. Ronald Ziegler, in announcing Endorses Birth Control Method 
the decision, commented that While its constitutuonality had Pope yesterday announced his approval of a 
been Challenged, the move was justified by the need to curb _,Irkaote new birth control device, developed by the St. 
inflation and stabilize taxes. He justified the recent impoun- I of Gynecology, Shreveport, La. In tests con-

• ding of Congress in a simi lar manner. Ziegler revealed that with men and women volunteers from the Mazzini 
the upcoming Phase 4 economic game plan would include a Crimina Ie, it proved 100% effective in preventing 
provision abolishing all taxes for those with incomes greater This device is quite simple, consisting merely of 
than $40,000, since this "would encourage initiat ive." On the of sandpaper rolled into a tube. 
international front, Ziegler remarked that " protective reac-
tion strikes against Cambodia, Laos, Burma, and liechtens-
tein must be continued to safeguard our troops and build a 
lasting peace." When asked how these actions safeguard our 
troops and build a lasting peace." When asked how these 
actions safeguarded our troops, he replied, " If the bombers 
didn' t get the job done, we'd have to send in our troops 
do it. " 
Reagan's Daughters Gang Raped 

Chastity and Innocence Reagan, daughters of Gov. Ronald 
Reagan, were gang-raped Thursday at a meeting of the UC 
Berkeley Academic Senate. This action was apparently taken 
to protest Reagan's recent budget recommendations, which 
for the first time in the University's history would make 
tuition fees higher than the average professor's salary. 
UFWOC Loses Contract I 

Asparagus growers of California became the latest in 
series of crop owners to drop their contracts with 
Chavez' United Farm Workers and sign with IAU 
(Italian-Americans United to Protect Our Mexican Brothers, 
Vito Genovese, president). Chavez has vowed to boycott 
asparagus, and continue boycotting lettuce, grapes, 
tomato s, oranges, radishes, and passionfruit. 
Younger Backs Crucifixion 

District Attorney Evelle Younger launched his 
gubernatorial campaign by propOSing that crucifixion 
reinstated as a legal form of punishment. "Gas is not enou 
the Law must have teeth before it can earn the respect of 
criminal element," he remarked . Congressman Je 
Waldie sharply criticized this position, referring to 
opponent as "Nails and Vinegar Younger." 
Modern Medical Miracle 

Dr. Michael Cheri ish of Stanford Medical Center revealed 
that new techniques 'in neurology enable maintanence of all 

volunteer expresses iI yisual opinion of the Pope's 
new birth control device. 

Statistics 
Dies 
pa r ~ia lly clothed body of Bebe Rebozo was found 
y In the bedroom of his Miami penthouse. An 
revea led the cause of death as acute paresis. A 

note found his bed bore the words " Pat's the one." 

LETTERS TO THH i HIII'IW 
------------------------~ 

Two Points of Griffin's 
Bookstore Condemnation 
Require Clarification 
Editor: 

I note the appea rance of Steven Griffi n's condemnation of 
the bookslore (und r the titl e 'The Theory of Divine Extrac-
tion') in your i ~s u f' of Tuesday, 17 April. Two poi nts raised 
ther r quire clarifi ca lion . First, the bookstore has neil her 
requested nor re ived an appropriat ion for a 'brand new 
multimillion dollar Bookstore building'. The bookstore has 
never operated on appropriations, but on long-term loans, 
most of which are still outstanding. Though a new bui lding 
would of course be very nice, the bookstore is nOI in a 
financial positio n to go that much further into debt to build 
one. Plans for the immediate futu re provide for an expansion 
of a portion o f the facade of the present bui lding into the 
forecourt area, giving about 2000 more square feet of floor 
space. Some remodelling insid will be asso iated wi th this 
because of changes in the status of th bui lding for fi re 
regulations. 2000 feet is not much, but it w ill help th e 
crowding som and is about all that ca n be affo rd ed at th is 
point. 

The inventory of required books is a problem which has 
long annoyed eve ryone, including and especially th e 
bookstore management, as I learned when I joined the 
Bookstore Advi ~ory Committee about the time Mr. Griffin 
resigned from it last year. Textbook shortages often result 
from inaccurate estimates of class size, unresponsiveness on 
the part of publishers, late orders by professors, or difficulty 
predicting the proportion of students in a given class who 
will actually buy the assigned books. One so lution would 
seem to be overstocking when the title is known enough in 
advance and then returning the unsold copies to the 
publisher. However this is not practical becau se publishers 
have rather close strictures on how much stock may be 
returned, and when, and for what level of refund, and 
because the text discount to the bookstore is too small to 
cover present handling expenses, let alone additional ones. 

(The sa le of 'posters and vita mins' is one of the few ways to 
help part ia lly off et these losses.) 

A charge of inco mpetence against ei ther the bookstore 
managC'm nt or D an Pear e seems inappropriat undC'r the 
ci r umstances. 

Last y ar the Bookstore Advisory Commillee compiled a 
full report of bookSlor op rations and fi nances, which was 
senl to all dC'partment heads and 10 ASUCSD and was made 
avai lable free in thC' bookstore. A few copies rC'main on 
campus, and interested parties are r ffered to their 
dC'partr.nenls or to t hC' bookstore manager, Mr Paul Mares. 

David K. Jordan, Chairman 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

Marriage 
Alternatives 

Marriage and alternatives will be the 
subject of a program April 28 sponsor d 
by the ational Center for the Explora-
tion of Human Potential. 

ThE' all-day session for singles, coupl s 
and form rly marri ds will be held at 
Torrey Pines Inn, La Jolla, from 9:30 a.m. 
to 4 p.m. 

Pr senta tions, demonstrat ions and ex-
periences will be conducted by Dr. and 
M s. Herbert A. O tto; David Hermes, 
founder and director of the We Care 
Foundat ion and Emily Trapp, author and 
columin t. 

Dr. Herbert A. Otto, chairman of the 
Cen ter, said all participants will be abl 
to explore new si ngle relationships, 
marr iage enrichm ent and alternatives 
for COuples. 

Reservations may be made through 
the Nat iona l Center for the Exploration 
of Human Potent ia l, 976 Chalcedony St ., 
Sa n Diego, 92109, 272-7330. 

--, 

Indian Rights in Arizona and the (Shortage' of Water 
Editor: 

I came across this article 
in the LA TIMES (4/ 15/ 73) 
that I thought might be of 
interest to the readers o f 
the TRITON TIMES. Does 
History repeat itse lf? Is 
Wounded Knee an isolated 
incident? 

triton 
times 

Editor-in-Chief •.••• (amy 'iharick 
City Editor • • •••.•• C~rrte Rickey 
MJn.sinl Editor . David Buchbinder 
Copy Edllo< .. Debbie Mon,gomery 
8uslnes§ Miln.,er . Mlcharol Gr~enc 
Edllori.1 Director .. • • . Monk Sirgel 
Arb Editor ..•...• Tom lind berg 
Sporlt Editor . • . . . • M ichael Ralh 
Phololuphy Editor ... . Joe h~tern 

~cret .. ry .••••••• Corinne C41Ci~ 
Anoci.te Clly Editor, Richard Drom 

Mich ael Sesm .. 
Ani. lusip"' MI' .. M ichael Wyer 
Aut. Editorlill Di,. . 8i1f bilfi lbndall 
Ani. Sports Editor ... • • Mark Uskil 

Tho TRITON TIMES h offlcl. !l y 
rKOInlled " , student newspilpeJ 
by the Communication laird of Iht! 
University 01 Collf",nl., 5.ln 010,0, 
lufldin. 250, M,uhews C,mpus, lil 
1o •• , C.tHornl. 910)7. Publk.,lon it 
twice w"e.'y on Tuesd,ys ,nd 
Frid.ays. Offices are looced In Room 
117, II"." H.all, Itey".e Campus. For 
advert"'n, phone 453· '712, or 4Sl-
2010. X 1017; fOf editorial or news 
phone JC 1016. 

The TRITON TIMES __ .... 
_ 01 III edllorlat _ .. I forum lor 

Marlon Brando refused to accept his 
Osca r in a pro- Indian rights protest and 
some people booed him. These people 
are grea tl y mista ken if they th ink that all 
the outrage committed against India n 
are a thing of the pas!. 

Consider th rights o f my friends and 
neighbors, the Indians o f Fort McDowell 
Reservation, located 20 miles east of 
Phoenix. The e Indians live in a beau tiful 
va lley, the prett iest spot in the whole 
area. 

These India ns have been told that they 
must leave th ir homes, tha t they wi ll be 
relocated, th their land is needed to 
make room for a dam and reservoi r, part 
of the Central Ari zona Project. · The In-
dians are told that the project is needed 
because Arizona is "short on water. " 

But on the very boundary of their 
reservation is th e "new commun ity" of 
Fountain Hills with a projected popula-
tion of 70,000 where the government has 

allowed the white man to construct the 
world's highest fountain which now rises 
560 feel (5 feet higher than the 
Washington Monument) from an island 
base in a 30-acre artificial lake. The 
fountain will tower over a mile-long 
street with a series of 100 other foun-
tains, waterfalls and pools. 

What kind of double-slandard is this? 
W hat about the right of the Indians? 
Why must it alway be a relocation 
program for them? 

Why must we add another di tasteful 
chapter to our history books on how 
U.S. expansion has ruthlessly destroyed 
th American Indian's way of life, taken 
his land, and smashed his cultur ? 

MRS. WALKER BUTLER 
Scottsdale, Ariz 

Ca lifor n ians are no t altogether 
bl ameles as they wi ll also share in the 
wa ter produ ced by the CAP. 

Michael Cantor 

Special Student "Discounted" Auto Insurance n Lives Ed Su llivan, n~ted TV entertainer, was Thursday in his Beverly Hills home. An autopsy 
that he was sti ll al ive. 

thl Unlverllty community. "'II can-
tributionl MUST Include the lllme lnet 
odd,.. 01 the _.lIIthough III ..... witt 
be "'""held on '"'lIMIt. COLUMNS will 
be c"""" by the Ed'torl" dlpertment on 
the b .... of their Int.,..t, Importance, or 
entertalnment velue to the Unlveralty 
community. Pi .... be e. conel .... 
possible; do not exceed tOOO _do. W. 
re .. rve the r~ht to ed/to for .pee. or libel 
con.Jder.Uons unle .... peclflcally In· 
dleated otherwi.e . Offered bclulively in 5.n Diego by MONTE R_ KEWY 'nlurance Agency 

Drive by or call toclav auoti"hSn---;;;:;;-1?JI:::5 83 -939 3 

C.5.1.5. COlLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE SERVICE 
S090 College (corner CoUege & Montezum.) 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1973 

"The best shakes in town " 
Rick. delecllble BI.ket .nd 

Pllte Menu" offer 
Beef, FI.h, Fowl, Ind even 
limited Me.lcln Vlrletle. 

BURGERS YOU 
WON'T FORGETI 

Made The Old-Fashioned Delicious Way 
SHAKES - MALTS - SUNDAES Mlde with Re.1 Fruit 

Rick's Dairy Freeze & Burger Kitchen 
5504 La Jolla Blvd, 459-1877 

(Family-owned & o~r."d) 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman' 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEW MIDWAY 

FED MART STORE 
3245 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(Across 'rom Sports A.rena) 
-EYES EXAMINED .pRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 

-CONTACT LENSES FITTED 'eREPAIRS 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 11 A.M. - 8 P.M.; f)at. 10 A.M. - 6 P.M. 

224-2973 224-2874 
-latest fash ions 
in wird frames 

Page 5 Tuesday, April 23, 1973 Triton Times 



1M Volleyball 
Bad F or Health 

Pal Stacy 
Is intramural volleyball be dominated by Duck's 

hazardous to your health Cheese 'n' Quackers with 
or does it just seem that such fine talents as Pitiful 
way? Accidents and il- Pete, Captain John, Speedy 
Inesses are making a valiant Dave and Latch , Bob Ken-
effort to wipe out the coed dall's Hopeless might not 
version of doubles this be so if Craig would ever 
quarter, First the "Mono get his mind off Jody and 
Duo" Phil and Carol laid back to volleyball. 
themselves out with the TOURNEYS SET 
dreaded " Kisser's Disease," The mixed doubles ten-
Then while playing softball nis tourney for all you guys 
Joan Roberts take~ · a knee and girls garbed in white 
in the small of her back and will be Sunday, April 29 at 9 
winds up flat on the same, a,m. The winners represent 
leaving Dwight in the UCSD at the All-Cal In-
questionable position of tramural Tourney. At the 
having to set for himself or same time are the badmin-
go without. ton doubles and coed sixes 

A bad way to start the volleyball (three guys, 
season? True, but the worst three girls) tourneys. Sign 
was yet to come. Sonja Sor- up in the Intramural Office 
bo dislocated her knee by Friday, April 27, or call 
while playing in the sand Lee at X 2283. 
(volleyball that is) and is 
now recuperat i ng from 
surgery. Finally, (we hope) 
last Thursday , Soupy 
proved once again that 
5'3" girls do mot make the 
world's best spikers , In fact, 
Sue had trouble landing 
after her flying leap at the 
ball and ruptured her 
achilles tendon in the 
process. All is not totall y 
forlorn, however; it's great 
to have Linda Maczko back 
on the court and playing 
great after recovering from 
her knee injury, 

The open sixes leagues 
this quarter have been 
packed with exciting ac-
tion. The game in the Hot 
Shit league have really 
been hot while those in the 
Dumb Shit league have 
been far from dumb. The 
big surprise in th e Hot 
league is Damon's Again 
who have swept their first 
two matches over One Too 
Many and Jim's Hot Rocks. 
Rick , Matt, Leslie, Gloria 
and the est could be the 
team that wins the coed 
tourney to go to UCSB. 

The Scurves have picked 
up Lee Kammerdiner who 
led them to wa well played 
come- from-behind victory 
over the freshman All 
Spiked Out. Spiked Out is 
led by Bruce Cazden, a fine 
a II around athlete, and 
setter Alan Gottlieb . 

Dumb action figures to 

AND 
MEET 
A 
FRIEND 

Back by demand 
DAN MURPHY 

LEFTY'S 
PIZZA PARLOR 

Sel villg PizZJ, R'lvioii, Spaghetti 
Chicken, 10 Different Sandwiches 

CAMPUS DELIVERY 
5-9 P.M. (Fri. & Sat. 5-11 P.M.) 

fS)"'ft min 504 dtilvery charsf:') 

50¢ Off 
Any Pizza 

3304 Governor Dr. 
in University City 

at Regents Rd. 
Call 453-3177 

5 Wins, 12 Losses 
Tritons Approach Season 'End 

Eric Raister 

America's favQrite pasttime seems to have lost 
something in the translation from the major leagues to 
the sma ll college level. The fact that the home field is 
quite a distance from the campus has not helped 
attendance either. 

The Tritons have acquired two new coaches this 
season, Head Coach Lyle Olsen comes from Cal State 
San Diego bringing with him over a decade of coaching 
experience while pitching coach Larry Willens brings 
four years experience from the same school. 

Considering the competition the Tritons have faced 
this year thei r five wi n and twelve loss record is not as 
bad as it seems. According to Coach Willens the club is 
at a big disadvantage because of the quarter break 
coming in the middle of the season while most of the 
opposing team come from schools on the semester 
system where there is no such break. The one week 
layoff has caused problems, particularly with the game 
immediately after the break, 

With 11 sophomores and freshmen out of 16 current-
ly active players, the team is young and inexperienced. 
But it brings together a lot of talent from all over 
California and even one player from Connecticut. 

Willens explained the record by saying the 
pitching staff was quite good and that he had three 
high level pitchers that could be playing for any major 
college if they wanted to, but that the hitting and 
fielding of the team has not provided the kind of 
support needed to win ball games. 

Willens adds, however, that the team in its recent 
second game of a doubleheader against Cal Baptist has 
finally begun to jell . The Tritons lost the seven inning 
first game 1-0 on an unearned run, but showed their 

potential in the nine inning second game as they 
trounced Baptist 4-1. 

The ball club faced Cal State Dominguez Hills last 
Saturday in their toughest challenge this year, but the 
results were not available at Press time, Willens com-
mented that the results of the doubleheader would 
show how the team will do for the remainder of the 
year. 

Outstanding performances have been turned in by 
all three starting pitchers, freshman Bob Lofgren, 
sophomore Randy Miller and Junior Pete Yocky, all 
right handers. Lofgren holds the best won-loss record 
on the club with two wins and no losses. 

Left fielder David Lanuca, a local product, has 
provided the most consistent performance on the field 
while center fielder Rich freer, from the same school as 
Lattuca, has been the most consistent hitter on the 
team for the first half of the season. freer seems to have 
cooled down a bit since the beginning of the season, 
but is expected to return to earlier form soon. 

The infield is made up of Charles Garcia, Bill God-
dard, and Del Henniger at first; Tom Hayduk and Brad 
Iwanga at second; Captain Curt Jenkins at shortstop; 
and Jim M cWeeney covering third. 

Playing the outfield are Vince Allen, Freer, Henniger, 
Lattuca, and Dwight Sykes. Covering the plate are 
Jerome Pittman and Mike Zarate. Goddard also 
doubles as a southpew relief pitcher. 

Tomorrow on the home field the Tritons will face 
USIU at 3 p .m. The field is located on Miramar Road 
with the entrance directly opposite Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. This will be the next to last chance to see the 
club in action so come out and support the team that 
represents the nation's favorite pastime at UCSD. 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1971 

.......................... announcement~ .................................... ~ 
tunday 

The new UCSD permanent 
collection, featuring works by 
Van Gogh. Matisse. Monet, 
Chagalt. Renoir. and 
Cezanne. will be on display 
Aprit 24 - May 16 In the 
main gallery. Gallery hours 
are dally from 12-5 and 
Wednesday evenings from 
8-10 p,m, (4/24) 

"'UCSD Astronomers'" 
Meeting tonight. 7:30 in HL 
11 40 everyone welcome 
(APIS 20C'ers take note). 
Come and enjoy. (4/24) 
Tuesday, April 24. Tape 
Concert from "all over", 6:00 
408 MC (4/24) 

On Tuesday. April 24. THE 
DAY THE EARTH STOOD 
STILL. and the award-
winning shorl UNtVERSE. 
will be shown by the UCSD 
Sc ience Fiction and Fantasy 
Club and the Guest in 
Residence Committee in the 
Revelle Cafeteria at 8:30 
p.m. Admission 50¢. (4/24) 

"'UCSD Astronomers'" We 
are having a meeting tonight 
at 7:30 in HL 1160, We will 
talk about amateur telescope 
making. All are invited . 
(4/24) 

American Field Service AA 
Returnees: There will be an 
organizational meeting of the 
Returnees Club tonight In 
Lower Blake Lounge at 7:30. 
PLEASE attend - we need 
your ideas and your ex-
perience. (4/24) 
AUenllon elf TT Editor.: 
There will be I mlndllory 
mHllng Ihl. T ..... Apr. ~4 
II 12:00 noon .... rp. 

•• rvlce. 
BRUCE CON OR ... - manuscrlpl 
typIng and editlng servlce. Russian 
typography. 453·5348. (4/27) 
00 you know 01 a party or do you went 
to knew 01 «>meIhIng happening?? " 
yoo do. then you wanllhe UCSO Party 
CommunicatIons Board In Blake 325. 
(4/24) 
ARTISTS·CRAFTS PEOPLE: S.O·s 
most creatl .... e slore WIll sell your high 
Qualify, uniQue Items tor you. Bnr'lg 
sampl., 01 your wOfk to THE BELL 
JAR, 4053 Umv Ave .. Tues·Sat noon 
7 pm. (282·6743) (4/24) 

per.onal. 
My Deares1 Bear, A Champagne 108St 
to Ihe Taurean In my life Irom the 
Taur.an In you ..... M ... C (4/24) 
Happy Birthday Jody - love Carrie 
and Mark (4/24 ) 
ML. I love It bull can 't afford any more 
Wednlsday nights at McDonald's un· 
less we go dutch VL. (4 /24) 
To the person who took our pk:ture last 
Haloween near soccer fi~d . We wanl 
the prlnls you promised. Paul & Jay 
DIscovery 300. (4/27) 

SEMINAR : CAREER 
EMPLOYMENT WITH THE 
UNIVERSITY, Representa-
tives of the UCSD Personnel 
Department together with a 
few of the UCSD alumni 
currently employed by the 
University will discuss the 
kinds of entry·level jobs mos, 
usually available to college 
graduates, ways to obtain 
these jobs. and what It's like 
to be a full-fledged career 
employee of the University, 
Tuesday. April 24. 1973. at 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Commons 
Informal Lounge (4/24) 
T, George Harris. Editor in 
Chief . Psychology Today. 
will speak to the Society and 
Human Values Class 
Tuesday, Apr. 24 from 2 until 
3:30 p.m. in 2A 2113·Mulr. 
He will focus on the height-
ened pressure for conscious 
choice in a talk entitled "The 
Era of Conscious Action." 
Open to visiting students. 
(4/24) 

wedne.day 
REVELLE LECTURES: Dick 
Gregory - profess ional 
comedian, recording artist. 
author. lecturer . actor. 
human rights activist. SOCial 
satirist, critic, philosopher. 
and political analyst - will 
be a Mandeville Lecturer. 
Wednesday, April 25. at 8 
p.m .. in the Casa del Prado 
in Balboa Park. His topic will 
be "Social Problems: Social 
or Anti-Social?" (4/24) 

A representative from the 
NAVAL ELECTRONIC SY-
STEMS COMMAND will be 
on campus Wednseday, 
April 25. to Interview seniors 
who will be obtaining their 
Bachelor 's in App lied 

wanted 
HELP: I need country & western 
albums to record lor a play Just call 
the drama theater. (4/27) 

WantedSS reasonably prlced step-thru 
moloscooler. 565·6655 ofter 10 pm. 
Kok ... (4/27) 
DRAMA DEPT needs C&W albums 10 
record; Gentry, Denver. cash, and any 
other Nashville sounds Call the theater 
and leave a ph number We need your 
helpl (4/24) 
WANTED Cheap used surfboard for 
beginner Don 583·0762 (4/24) 
WANTED Psych 133 "PhysiologICal 
BasiS 01 Memory" Call ' 722·3635 
(4/24) 

Earth FestIval , need fide UC DavLs 
April 27 ·29. I pay gas. Message 10 
M,mi 453 ·~006. (4/24) 
RIde wanted 10 NYC or share drive· 
away With me Leaving Apr. 25. 
Melvyn 755·1258, Lois ollun! (4/24) 

POETRY WANTED 
lor Poelry Anlhology Ptease send 
poetry With stamped return envelope 
10: Contemporary literature Press. 311 
Cahtomia Street. SUIte 4 12, Sao Fran· 
cisco. Call1Ofnla 94104 (4/24) 

PhysiCS . These Federal Civil 
Service positions are at the 
GS-7 level working In 
measurements of exlremely 
low to extremely high levels 
of electromagnetic radiation. 
These junior engineers must 
have major academ ic 
emphaSis in electronics 
and/or communications. be 
more hardware than software 
oriented. and Interested In 
the practicat application of 
their skills and education. 
Must be eligible for security 
clearance; U.S, Citizenship 
required. To arrange your 
interview. come to Career· 
Education Plann ing Ser-
vices, 6th Floor. Bldg. 20. 
Muir College. (4/24) 
"A Journey Through Body 
Consciousness Through 
Dance" . ANN HALPIN 
Master Dance Class : 
Wednesday April 25. 7:30-
10 p.m. UCSD Gym. UCSD 
Students. Facul ty , Staff 
$1 .00. General Admission 
$2.00. Tickets on sale in PE 
Office - Renee X2282. 
Dr. Gerry O'Neill , our Phy· 
sics Colloquium speaker for 
Wed. Apr. 25 (4 p.m. 2622 
USB) has advised us that hiS 
topiC "The Colonization of 
Space" would be of Interest 
to undergraduates . Dr. 
O'Nelli is from Princeton Unl' 
versity. currently vIs iting 
Stanford . (4/24) 
He Noa Lanl Dance, Co. stu 
dent organization meets ev· 
ery Wednesday for class at 
the Gym , No. El.1lcony 7 :30/9 
p.m. Everyone Invlted/stu-
dents, staff/faculty (4/2 4) 

thursday 
GURU MAHARAJ JI 's 
followers are presenting a 

lost and found 
LOST: Agricola & Germanl8 01 Tackus 
C Cen Llbr. 2/7, call Brian 270·0768 
(4 /24 ) 

LOST: baseball min .In gym InI1;01. 
RMW call 453· 1636, can'l calch bare· 
handed (4/27) 
FOUND: A WIlson Jack Krammer ten-
nis racket, on Wed 18th at Ihe Revelfe 
tennlscour1. Conl8ctJerry at 453·1217 
or rm 356 Argo. (4/27) 
Lost orange wallet on Revelle Campus 
Plea .. call Mary II lound 453·2642 
Reward (4/24 ) 

housing 
Roommates Needed For The Summer 
; 2 large bedrooms each for 
$70/month al La J~la Shores Or Irene 
272·8367. (4/27) 
Urgently need QU iet lnexpensl\le place 
10 slay Ruin George 753·8621 eve. 
(4/271 
NEEDED Two people 10 share one 
room In 2 Br house Call 755· 8964 
(4/24) 
SludlO In L J , Sao/mo. call Bot> X2566 
(4/24) 

Third, College ... Continued from page 1 
The buildings will be constructed in three phases. The architectual firm, Kennard and 
Sil~er~, BAC, and th Office of Architects and Engineers have been collaborating to 
arnve at ~Ian s to present to the Campus Planning Committee for approval. 

Accor?lng t,o the Third College bulletin , " Inside the Dragon," the first phase, 
AcademiC Unl.t 1, consists of a building for the Communications Program, with 
temporary office space for Urban and Rural Studies, a building for Science and 
Technolo.gy;. a building of teaching labs and offices, and a classroom building with a 
dua.1 auditOrium sea ting 350 and 125 students. A center, with eating fa ilities, a Post 
Office, a grocery and notions store, and recreation areas is included for the use of Third 

Colle~e m~mbers . Completion of Phase 1 is planned for September 1, 1975. 
SOCIal SCle~ce and Humanities buildings and the administration buildings will be 

constructed I~ the second phase. In the third phase, building includes additional 
sCience factlltles and an additional building for the Social Sciences. 

In each phase, residence hall5 will be built. The two-story apartments of the first 
phase will house 240 students, rent projected to be "$750 per academic year 
($7S/month)" according to " Inside the Dragon." 

When as.ke? about, the use of Th i rd College dorms by students of the fourth college, 
Gasper Oltvelra, ASSista nt to the Provost, explained that this is "common procedure 
when dorm space is availa ble" between colleges and that Third College st ud nts would 
now be housed at Muir or Revelle if need existed, 

Dean Martinez does not anticipate a great conflict with the new Fourth College except 
as it will require "space accomodalions for administration" in the offices of Matthew's 

~ampus, ~he staging ground f?r Muir and Third College. He anticipates for thes spaces 
some kind of tug-of-war If Fourth rollege rapidly expands," and expects that 

construction of administration offices may be moved to an earlier phase. 
The building will be low (none will be over three stories) and "casua l" with a view of 

the ocean and Eucalyptus trees which will be unharmed. The site will be between the 
Central Library and Muir College . Sometime in May, a three-dimensional representa-
tion of the Third College permanent building will be displayed, with the general 
commu nity invited to attend. 

program tonight at 7:30 In 
room 1330 of bldg. 20 at 
MUir. Experience the energy 
of the 15 year old Perfect 
Master. (4/24 ) 

Thursday. April 26. Three 
Theater Works. 8:30. 408 
MC rands. london, 
stravinsky. (4 / 24) 

The Triton Wargam ln g 
Soc ie ty meets every 
Thursday night in Room Muir 
2C t 110, The room is ours 
from 6 on and we stay alt 

Share 2 bd duplex now unlll end 01 
quarter N1ce lenced back yard ClaIre -
mont area $8750 (276·4818) (4 /2 4 ) 
Wanted: 3 or 4 bdr. house w8n1ed to 
renl In North County lor renlal begIn 
J une or July - call Sue or Pat 755 · 
B946 (4 /24, 

for sale 
TURNTABLE· Realistic LAB 12A·S25 
w/ ba58 & cove" Only uSed Sundays 
by old lady John 270·3071 (4/ 27 ) 
'67 All. Romeo GTV 2+2 Exc cond 
New tires, brakes, and patnt. Low ml 
38,000 $1600 Jell 459·6625 (4 / 27 ) 
'71 Honda 175 CL 4000 ml , $450 or 
best 011., LIke new 453·6134 , 232· 
7321 aller 5 pm. (4/ 27) 
Stereo Burglar Alarm l oud Alarm 
Signals Theft Works Good $10 George 
453·9368 (4/27) 

'68 Mustang 6 cyl 3 spd stereo1apes. 
Runs good Ong ownef call Bruce In 
EncinItas 436·0828 (4/27 ) 
Two $7 50 sealS to ElVIS concert lor 
S14. Ca1l2BO·4683 al1el6 p m. (4 / 27) 
KING·SIZE WAT'ERBEO with FRAME 
and PAD - $45 755·7723 or 
m@soageetx2093 lor BONNIE (4 /24) 

night. All welcome to come 
and play games. (EI) 
All students tnteresled tn 
flndirg an alternative meet-
Ing place for the table tennis 
ctub come to meeting on the 
wesl balcony of the gym 
Thurs" Apr. 26 at 8 p.m. 
Please come. (4/24) 

Senor Octavlo Paz. well-
known MeXican poet and es-
sayist. will be at UCSD dS a 
Regents' Lecturer from April 
16th to May 12th. During that 

SURFS UPI-O'NEILL weI SUI! Med 
Long John & Sleeves Only used 5X $35. John 270·307 t (4/ 24 ) 
Pure- bred Auslrahan Shepard pUppl 
For Sale 10 good homes F>aper 
Iralned , B weeks old Sun 22 Cal 459-
6568 (4/24 ) 

INEXPENSIVE STEREO I Reallone 
AM/FM Multiplex receiver -amplifier 30 
waH. $60 Argo 626 or 453·0961 
14/24 ) 

vw .... an, '66. rebUilt eng. trans . iii for 
camping. e)Cc cond 5800 ChriS. 755· 
3632 (4 /24) 

Complete set 01 dishes, SIlverware, 
POlS and pans, armost ne ..... and very 
durable $501466 1295 (4/24) 
Garrard Type A70 AutomatIC Turn· 
lable Shure M55E c8rtndge With near-
new stylus 535, John. 453·8721 
(4/24 ) 
Beethoven 32 Sonalas "" / Blggs 
almOSI used 517 70 Peler 453 ·0643 
(4124 ) 
KLH·41 Dolby lapedeck, 11 BASF 
LP35LH lapes two 12" 3·way spkrs In 
6" encl 453·Q603 (4/24) 
2 AR4x speakers. 2 quadralle)!: 66 
speakers (S280/pa,r new now 5175 or 
besl oller) Dave 453·5470 (4/24) 

time he WIU deliver a series of 
four lectures In Spanish on 
the poetry 01 Spanish Amer· 
Ica and Will give a publiC 
reading of hiS poetry With 
subsequent Iranslations ,n 0 
English , Thursday . Apr l( 
26th. Second Lecture -
3 ' 30 p .m 2A-2402 . 
WedneSday, May 2. PUB-
LIC READING - 8 p.m., HL 
Aud .; Thursday, May 3, Third 
Lecture - 3 p.m. 2A-2402. 
Thursday. May 10. Fourth 
Lecture - 3 p.m. 2A2402. 
(5/8 ) 

FOR SALE' ClasstC 1960 Jaguar Mark 
IX Saloon Gar. BeSt oller over $2000. 
call TIm 755· 7067 (4/24) 
HEATHKIT Model AA ·100 pre· and 
power Amp I Model AJ·3O ... M·FM 
Stereo Tuner Gall 453-5269 (4(24) 
Clanne!. German make. $ I 00 or oller 
Co I Moe ., 453·3644 (4/24 1 

R~ckenbacher 12 string el c sao Seon 
poles $15 Head sklls 555 b,ndlf'lgs S30 
boots $50 4541418 (4'24) 
66 rcd VW sedan IlN condlllOn $600 
459·9203 (4/24) 
65 Oodge Van. 69 Eng Pane ed Bed 
Carpeled $1500 Good Cond 453· 
8403 Paul (4/24 ) 
1968 BUIck Skylark good cond $800 
or best ol'er 565·6655 atter 100m 
t4/24 ) 

TEAC lape deck. Sansu Irn bl 150 W 
Pioneer amp. 2 60 W Pioneer sp!!,S, 
call Bob 753·369' 14 /241 
1969 13/12 Flal 124 Span coupe 26 
M. Xln!. many Xlras 272·5955 (4/241 
Abbrevlaled 63 VW bug. body IS 
choppe d and de"'ed engine 

ov~r 8uled and mechaOlcaUy sound 
Near new tires sun root 5430. !-.tar~ 
453·8935 (4 ;:41 

A 
WELL-DEVELOPED 

SALE 
FREE 

DEVELOPING 
On Any Develop and Print Order 

(save $1 .09 per roll) 
FDTDMAT. FUJI. GAr OR KODAK COLOR PRINT FILM 

-OR-
20 EXPOSURE SLIDE FILM 

Bmm/SUPER B FILM 
DEVELOPED 

IT CAN HAPPEN ... FOR 
But Smllh .·ortl~11 Car Smiu Cin no ... §tf,I(f Ind rtopalr 

your Oat un 
nut m«hani(' ate "ulfirtfd 10 f.kt Clrr ur )our ('I' 

'\ " nur rcp.;m\ pc:r(ormed ,m lOUr!;Jr 
hJ\oc .1 h,OOO mlicor6 muntllltu.r.tn h."C 
\\ e al" ... 'Iocr\o .... ( Itnd ft.!Jl.llr Vul~ ' ..... J~cn' 

0 111 mHh hlrclp:n ( ur CicI \ II:C' 
'\·0 . outh 1I 1!lh Wi.. v 101 

• ulan., Ik .llh . ( Jllf 
171417~'i·.n:! ,' 

''',Ierch.flf and th"1i \lTK'rlunl ('rfctl! (.rd~ 1('f.' (,PIH 

99¢ 
- OR-

36 EXPOSURE SLIDE FILM 
DEVELOPED FOR 

$1.49 
No Quantity Limit, But This Offer 

Is Good Only W,th ThIS Ad 
At 

FOTOMA, · 
UNIVERSITY CITY CAMERA STORE 

4083 Governor Drive al Genesee 
lelephone 453·5753 

Hours: Monday Frtday 10· 7; Saturda 9·6, Sunday 11 ·4 
EXPIRES MA Y 2. 1973 

Pag 7 Tuesday, April 23, 1973 Triton Times 



mor announcements ........................................................ ... 
nera. 

Friday, A ril 27, PIANO -
CELLO ) 0 , 8:30 409 MC 
jerri lee ')wen, piano, marlin 
owen, c£IIO. (4/27) 

Film ~ lecture on 
WOUNDl:D KNEE, Sunday, 
April 29, Room 2722 USB 
Revelle (4/27) 

Sunday Apri l 29, Art-za-
Pop pin Festival Salk Institute 
12:00-4:00 Chamber Music 
Concert Robert Turner 8:30, 
409 MC. (4/27) 
Seminar in Environmenta l 
Studies: Sponsored lointly by 
AMES/Chemlcal-Physics. 
Dr. Ulr ich Merten , Gulf 
Research & Development 
Company, Pittsburgh , Penn-
sylvania wi ll present a 
seminar on "Coal Liqulfac-
tlon" Mon. April 30, 1973,3-
4 p.m. Room 7104 Urey Hall. 
(4 / 27 ) 

Mention any or all student 
organizations - Budget re-
quests for the 1973-74 aca-
demiC year are due no later 
than Tues. May 1. Any re-

quests for funding should be 
sent to the Campus Activity 
Fee Committee clo 250 MC. 
(If hand-delivered see Molly 
In 250 MC.) (5/1) 

A journey through body consciousness through 
dance ~ Ann Halprin's Master Dance Class -
Wednesday April 25, 7:30-10 p.m. UCSD Gym. 
Tickets on sale in PE Office - Renee X2282. 

Attention: All graduate and 
undergraduate students. The 
classified ads In this publica-
tion are free to currently 
ent,)iled students. Since they 
are free you must type them 
yourself. The line limitation 
is: (3( 30-space lines typed. 
All ads longer than this will 
be reduced . We reserve the 
right to edit all ads. In addi-
tion we are not responsible 
for any errors. Please make 
sure to check your ad for 
corrections the day it 
appears. Usually ads will run 
automatically for two issues 
depend i ng on space 
availability. IMPORTANT!!! 
All ads must have your stu-
dent ID number or they will . 
not be considered. If you 
wish your ad to be longer 
than the alloted space a 
small charge will be made. 
Paper and typewriters are 
ava il able in the office . 
Deadlines are Mon. 9 a.m. 
for the Tues. issue and Wed. 

5 p.m. for the Frl. Issue. The 
ads will go in on a first come 
first serve basis. 

MATH CLINIC is now open. 
We provide in d ividual 
tutoring in math and science. 
Monday-Thursday: 12:30-5, 
7-10 p.m., Friday: 12:30-5 
Room 5132 2A. (4/27) 

Balkan Folk Dance Festival. 
April 28, UCSD gym, 12-4 
p.m. & 7-9 p.m. Afternoon 
workshop - $1 .50; entire 
evening - $2.00; package 
price - $3.00; UCSD stu-
dents - $2.50. For informa-
tion call Bruce Hamilton, 
272-7450. (4/27) 
Exhibition of undergraduate 
student paintings will be on 
display in the Cluster I Un-
dergraduate Library, Huma-
nities-Library Bldg., Re-
velle College, through April. 
The exhibition has been co-
ordinated by faculty member 
Manny Farber. (4/27) 

Exhibition of crafts - weav-
ing, jewelry, enamels, cera-
mics, ceramic sculpture, and 
stained-glass sculpture -
will be on display in the Cen-
tral University Library Lobby 
from April 13-30. The exhi -
bition is by the All ie d 
Craftsmmen of San Diego in 
conjunction with a confer-
ence being held in San Di-
ego for 3500 art educators. 
(4/27) 
Alpha Phi Omega is closing 
its Book Exchange. If you 
have books or an account 
with them, please close all 
transactions during the week 
of Apr. 23rd . The Exchange 
is located on the plaza side of 
Blake Hall on the Revelle 
campus and will be open 
from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Apr. 
23rd thru the 271h Alpha Phi 
Omega and Revelle College 
Government will no longer be 
responsible for past ac -
counts following thiS date. 
(4 /27) 

"The Times, They 
Are A-Changing!" 

/ 
/ 

In the early sixties when Dylan wrote those lines as'a commentary 
on society's resistance to change, the now best selling book , 
. TOTAL ORGASM 

wouldn't have been sold in the average bookstores. 

Times have changed and with the change, author, Jack Lee 
Rosenberg has sought to combine the intellect and body toward a 
more Totally healthful condition for each individual. 

Jack Rosenberg i a clinical psychologist and a practicing dentist from Marin 
County, California. He i al 0 a well-known psychotherapist who has worked 
with group and individuals at the Ge talt In titute in San Franci co. 

Come meet Dr. Rosenberg this Friday, April 27th, 
at the University Bookstore 
betweet:l 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. 

University Bookstore 
x-1360 

A Random House / Bookworks Book 

Other Body Books now available at University bookstore 

The 
Massage 

Book 
by George Downing 'un 2 

\7 ) J t~J@Ip) ~ 
01c t'O)lF? 

The Tooth Trip (AI 0 availabl I not hown.) 

The 
Well 
Body 
Book 

By Samu I 
and Benn U 

Breathe away 
your Tension 

by Dr. Bruno Hans Geba 

Pa 8 Triton Times Tuesday, April 23, 1973 


