
.... 

I 

UCSO: The Next Ten Y ars 

UCSD Wet/"es""y, October 16, 1974 



"i U.ifl.rsiI1 of c.Ji . , Sa IMgo, IS OU of 1m. "",pas,s of Ih. sllll# 
1I11iHr. . . 11 WiIIlHWe 27,JOO 
s",.", II, ,''' ,eM 2000. 
UCSlJ fIIII"';lI#tJ ils firsl .,,-
~mI",*s ill 1964, 111111 ill 
l/Nii ,#tit' tIIIIIk "" "g"''''''''' fIIiIh ,h. THIIIrI tituI Arts 
FOII,ul4lW" of s",; Di#go 10 
blliIJ " tIIfIjor ,"'"".. 0" " siu 
I10rWritIg ,'" ""'PIIS. F."tJs for ,'" IIJuby ""1Ie b.", 
&OIIl1'ift1#tJ by ,h.. U,,;,,"'si!Y 
"'"' II, "" }lo.tIIiIIIio". The 
.. .". fIIiJJ opn iff ~~, 

America, and who was Iooki"g for 
a new project. 

The Foundation took Guthrie's 
advice, and brought Michael 
Langham down to plan this new 
complex. It turned out, however, 
that Langham's ideas for the 
theatre were quite different than 
the original plan . Langham didn't 
like the "star system" in which 
major actors played the major 
parts consistantly. He wanted a 
company, in which all the actors 
played all types of parts, major 
and minor roles, and the entire 
company had an artistic ex-
cellence with no one singled out 
as being "star." He also wanted to 
de-emphasize the elaborate 
theatrical conventions found in 
the Proscenium theatre' by 
building the theatre in a thrust-

10 Years in the Arts: 

planning was still tentative, but 
he was given a tiny budget to 
work with and complete freedom 
to start the program as-he wished. 
His first project was to do a 
production of Marat/Sade. 

The school was, of course, at 
that time very science orientated, 
and finding a cast was not easy. 
Autitions were held, but casting 
was as much a process of 
coercion for Christmas as one of 
selection : "One girl came, and I 
got her boyfriend into it, who 
never dreamed of auditioning." 

They did their production in an 
old Marine Gym on campus, and 
turned it into a sort of jail. The 
production was an enormous 
success. 

' In the following year, still 
alone. Christma~ .did a small 

\Nere made. 
A small amount of money was 

put into the renovation of an 
existing building behind the 
bookstore on Mathews campus, 
which later became a 2O(Heat 
thrust theatre designed by Eric 
Christmas. The theatre space was 
supposed to be small enough so 
that it could be "filled to over-
flowing" and then "crowded with 
theatrical life." 

When money ran out toward 
the end of the building process, 
student help was enlisted to 
complete the building of the 
seating sections, and complete 
the painting. 

The B~inlleai .. 
That year, Dr. Arthur Wagner, 

head of the Theatre/Arts 
Department at Rollins College, 

Mi&""'/ LA"glJ"", is 'he IIrIisIi& 
tJire&lor ",,,I BerlrlllltJ GaltJberg 
'he "rchi'e&1 of Ihe Ihelltre. 
LA"gh"m also sm.s lIS Ihe 
priIIcip/e co"sllll4111 ;" Ihe 
"'1IelO"",e,,' of Ihe Ulli".,.SJiy's 
drama progr"m. Thollgh Ihat 
/Jro(ram iui/I 1101 be pre-
projesSJo"aI, ils slaff will be 
draw" from La"gham's 
campa",. [ProfesSJollai Irai"illg 
wiJI be gi"e" wilhi" Ihe com-
pall, to apprelltices who will 
"01 be degree-sed.illg 
silldellls, Ihollgh Ihe, ma, 
e"roIl ill relevalll cOllrses. J 
Members of the compa"" Ihe 
fac lilt, , a"t/, visiting prac-
titiollers a"d scholars will be 
appoillied feUows of a Drama 
Center wilhin a proposed III-
5;llIle for Advallced- SllIdy in 
the-.flrl5 al UCSD. " 

The "Very Unusual and Curious History" 
of the UCSD Drama Department 

John L. Stewart 
Provost, Muir College 
(quoted from The Drama Review. 
Spring, 1968) 

Such was one of the main plans 
in what Provost Stewart has 
called "a very unusual and 
curious history" of the UCSD 
Dram<l Department, the roots of 
which started way back in 1955 
when the Theatre and Arts 
Foundation of San Diego was 
started by four Hollywood actors : 
Gregory Peck, Joseph Cotton, 
Dorothy McGuire, and Jose 
Ferrar 

The foundation had raised 
money to build an 800-seat 
theatre in conjunction with the 
University. When John Stewart 
came to the University the plan 
was sti ll up in the air. Frankly, 
Stewart didn't particularlv like 
the plans. 

Searching for someone to head 
up the project, the Theatre and 
Arts Foundation approached 
Tyrone Guthrie. Guthrie had too 
many committments, but 
suggested that the foundation 
consider Michael Langham, who 
had just EOmpleted ten years as 
artistic director at the Stratford 
Ontario Shakespeare festival 
theatre, the most distinguished 
repetory theatre in North 

staged arrangement. 
On Langham's last day of his 

initial visit here, he had breakfast 
with John Stewart and Gregory 
Peck. He mentioned that back in 
Stratford they had used people 
from the faculty of the University 
of Toronto to give seminars on 
the plavs they did . He and the 
actors in his co~pany took part in 
these seminars . The discussion 
led to a plan in which the 
University would put up half the 
money necessary for the theatre, 
and the leading figures of the 
company wOuld consist of ' the 
drama faculty at UCSD. Langham 
said if this arrangement could be 
worked out, he would set it up. 

So it came to pass that Michael 
Langham became the first drama 
chairman at UCSD. His first 
appointment to the faculty was ' 
Eric Christmas. 

The First Roots 
Eric Christmas arrived at UCSD 

in 1968 to start the program on 
the campus. The original idea was 
to have a small department, and 
eventually a graduate program . 
The program was to be very 
professional, somewhat, 
Christmas said, like the Moscow 
Arts Theatre . .. 

The professional theatre would 
have an apprentice program, and 
hopefully, the first choices into 
the program would come from 
the graduate program at UCSD. 

However, when Christmas 
arrived here in 1968, much of the 

HORNY BULLS THINK 
A BULL FIGHT IS A UE 
SWAPPING COHOSt 

1 
f 

'1M Mon.ezuma ....." lull:"' 
1 oz. Montezumo Tequilo. mO-'-.... m.· 
5 oz. CONCENTRATED ORANGE II uu.u 

BREAKFA:I T DRINK. Oller ice. 
It's sensational , and that 's no bull. TEQ11ILA 

01,7. 8OProoI T~,10 BortonO'.t,I .... I~Co .. _York.N_YOtk. 

,. 2 T ...... TiMet Oct_ 1', 1974 

repetory of "Midsummer Nights 
Dream" and "The Caucasian 
Chalk Circle." The work was still 
informal and intensive. The lack 
of formal structure allowed 
Christmas to work 6 months on 
putting a show together. Through 
this entire period, Christmas felt 
they were putting down firm roots 
for the department which was to 
come. 

However, by now, The Theatre 
and Arts Foundation plans had 
gone somewhat awry . The plans 
for the complex which would 
have included a 1600 seat 
repetory theatre, a 300 seat 
workshop theatre, and a 350 seat 
Greek theatre, proved to be far 
more expensive than originally 
expected, and the entire project 
disappeared from the reality of 
the moment. 

This put Christmas' drama 
program in a somewhat shaky 
situation . Being such a small 
group, they could easily have 
been wiped out. Michael 
Langham went on to become the 
head of the Guthrie Theatre in 
Minneapolis, the search went out 
to find a new Chairman for the 
drama department, and plans to 
build a UCSD Theatre to fit the 
drama department on the campus 

by urry Deckell 

who had instituted graduate actor 
training programs at Tulane, 
Ohio, and Temple University, was 
selected to become the new 
chairman of the drama depart-
ment. 

Dr. Wagner's charge was to 
orne to the University t o 

" provide a structure" for the 
department " while maintaining 
an artistic excellence" . Arriving in 
1972, Wagner worked to build the 
reputation of the department by 
adding an impressive faculty, 
gaining financial support for the 
theatre, and most recently adding 
a graduate program . This 
reputatIon, said Wagner makes 
the school attractive to theatre-
directed students, and the entire 
process creates the ' atmosphere 
for the level of artistic excellence 
the UCSD Theatre has worked to 
maintain . 

Despite all this growth, the 
department is highly concerned 
with remaining intimate. In ef-
fect, at this point, the drama 
department at UCSD is nearly at 
full growth . Right now there are 
eight faculty members, 30-35 
majors, and the first 14 grauuate 
students in the department. At 
full growth, the faculty will 
number ten, the graduate 

WBliTEVER BAPPENED 
TO BANKER'S BOIlRS" 

At La Jolla Bank & Trw. Company 
.here are 51 hours of fuU Jerv~ 
bonking each week. 

8:00 AM - 5:36 PM 
8:00 AM - 6:00 PII 
9:36 AM -l2036PII 

YOU C.4N BANK .4T YOUR CONVENIENCE". 
ON YOUR f' AY TO f'ORK ... 
ON YOUR If AY HOME .. _ 
IF ella .ANa IS "ella .AN •. 

THAT'S FH.4T HMP£NED TO .AN .....•• I1D 
THEY ARE NO" .a ....... el1'" 

program will have no more than 
28 students in the 2-year program, 
and the number of drama majors 
will not exceed 50 or 60. 

The growth of the department 
has been impressive and rapid . In 
fall 1971 abc.ut 78 students were 
(egistered in drama classes. Now, 
in fall 1974, with the department 
teaching a large number of 
"service courses" over 600 
students are enrolled . 

If the growth is then so nearly 
realized, where does the ex-
citement in the department lie in 
the future? Accordin'l to Wagner, 
the excitement is generated by 
the work that goes on. As the 
department works out from the 
"good roots" Christmas began to 
layout, more experimentation 
can go on with the traditional 
training. 

The excellence of the 
department is certainly im-
pressive, and the recognition is 
country-wide. This summer there 
\Nere five members in the drama 
faculty, four of whom were on the 
program at the convention of the 
American Theatre Association. 
Eric Christmas still remains on the 
facult-v as Director of The 
Theatre, and enjoys what- he calls 
"the best of two worlds" as he 
teaches here, and continues 
working with The Old Globe 
Theatre, the Guthrie iii Min-
neapolis, and professionally in 
Hollywood as time permits. Dr. 
Wagner is now president-elect of 
the University and College 
Theatre Association . 

Future Flowersl 
The future? A new theatre of 

400-seat capacity is planned to be 
part of the building for r ourth 
College . The Theatre and Arts 
foundation is still alive and 
planning . Furthermore, plans are 
in the works for a post-graduate 
training company, the first 
company of its type in the 
country . It would be a 
professional theatre with on-
going training, which would be a 
touring company during the 
academic year, and summer 
based here at UCSD (in the 
Mandeville Center perhaps?) with 
guest artists. 

Growth and excellence seem to 
be the by-words of the drama 
department at UCSD_ While not 
the gargantuan theatre complex 
as once .planned, the training 
remains every bit as excellent. 

Continued on Pille 7 

Do it together. 
Pick from the world'. 
greatest selection of 
Levi· •. • Over 4 ton. per 
atore_ The latest styles, 
color and fabrlc._ LeYi'.-
that'. all we carry. 
So have. fit. 
InlA¥l' ......... 

- CGnVOJ St. XeaI'll1 ..... 
.... 

Mon . ..,. s.t .• M 
..... ,.~ 

10 Years in the Arts: 

Visual Arts: More Than Meets the Eye 
Here is a riddle: What is here 

today at UCSD that was 
nonexistant ten years ago, has 
something in common with 
bowling alleys, libraries, and 
construction crews, and today is a 
successful program that is still 
growing? If the Visual Arts 
Department immediately popped 
into your mind, then either you 
have a fantastic imagination, or 
you have witnessed the 
tremendous changes this 
department has experienced so 
far throughout its short lifetime. 

Let's go back to 1964, when 
there was in fact not a trace of a 
department dealing in Visual 
Arts . That was the year when 
Professor John ' Stewart arrived 
here from his former position as 
head of the Hopkins Center for 
the Arts at Dartmouth College. He 
is now Provost of Muir College 
and was instrumental in 
establishing the entire Fine Arts 
program here at UCSD, including 
the present construction of the 
Mandeville Center. In order to 
un derstand how the initial 
concept of the Visual Arts 
Department was formed, it must 
be seen in light of the original 
master plan for all of UCSD. 

It was first speculated that 
today some 27,500 students 
would now be attending UCSD's 
proposed 12 various colleges. 
These colleges were to be 
grouped into three or four 
clusters. One of these clusters 
was to contain the program which 
would emphasize three basic 
areas in fine arts: Drama, Music, 
and Visual Arts . Other areas of 
the arts (for instance, Dance) and 
speci fic aspects of the first three 
were to be channelled through 
three or four other colleges . 

Therefore, building and staff 
plans provided a great challenge 
to Professor Stewart and others 
attempting to build a solid 
program in the Visual Arts. While 
persons holding temporary ap-
pointments ran what Stewart 
referred to as "a very modest 
program in Visual Arts," he spent 
the next two years searching for 
personnel who were particularly 
superior in the area of creativity. 
His strategy was to start off with 
notably creative people, who in 
turn would attract equally 
competent scholars, such as art 
historians, to the program. 

How did this plan of action ' 
work out? Stewart began by 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
torserwke 

Mon.-SM. 
1:45-5:30 
CIoiedSun. 
233-1481 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for ~our u~t~date. 
116-page, m.iI order Clt.log 
of 5600 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postlge (1-2 
djlys delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

lOS ANGELES. CA. 90024 
Our INleri811 •• IOId 'or 

r~h~only _ 

by Robin Ronci 
convincing New York artist Paul 
Brach and his wife Miriam 
Shapiro, also a noted painter, to 
come to La Jolla to head up 
UCSD's Visual Arts Department. 
Although today he is with the 
California Institute of Art, Brach 
ably kicked off the department 
which would soon also include 
Professor Newton Harrison (now 
chairman of the department), and 
Professor H,:I[old Cohen, formerly 
of London University . 

Stewart saw his previous ex-
pectations being realized as 
eventually other notables joined 
the staff, including David Antin, 
poet and critic and formerly the 
Curator of the Institute of 
Contemporary 'Art in Boston ; Yale 
art historian John Clarke; and 
more recently, Moira Rot h, 
another art historian, who has 
taught at UC Santa Cruz and 
IrVine. In short, what nas grown 
out of an original faculty of six 
regular appointments in 1967 is 
presently an aggregate of 15 
people who comprise a "first-rate 
faculty," according to Pat Baxter, 
Curator of UCSD's Art Gallery. 

Which brings us to bowling 
alleys . 

Bowling Alleysl 

official opening of the Man-
deville Center this coming March 
will be marked by a showing of 
contemporary systems of art . 

Has the development and near-
complet ion of Mandeville 
Center's Visual Arts faci lities been 
as successful and satisfying as the 
growth of the faculty? John 
Stewart thinks not. "Mandeville 
Center falls far short" of fulfilling 
the ever-changing and expanding 
needs of the department. Stewart 
believes that it will serve as a 
valuable teaching resource, but 
feels UCSD also needs an actual 
art museum where exceptional 
works are on permanent display. 
Unfortunately, Stewart adds that 
as far as the Mandevi lie Center 
goes, " this is it," and any other 
facility, such as an art museum, 
" would have to be a gi ft to the 
University." 

Another aspect of the Visual 
Arts Department that has turned 
out differently than expected is 
the department's graduate 
program . Originally wr itten in 
1970 by Professor Harold Cohen, 
the MFA (Master of Fine Arts) 
program would , according to 
Prof. Cohen, ideally serve the 
needs of approximately 35 
students . At present there are 44 

In a building over on Matthews students enrolled in the program, 
Campus that was once a bowling and in addition to 137 un-
alley, UCSD's first art gallery was dergraduates presently working 
established in 1966 under the on a Visual Arts Major, some may 
direction of its first director, also enter the graduate schooL 
Professor Don Lewallen, Although the MFA is considered a 
by the Visual Arts " terminal degree," (i .e. there is no 
Department, quonset hut-housed higher degree), several of the 
student and outside shows were faculty members have expressed 
presented through a number of the idea that some other type or 
faculty advisors and students. level of degree may soon be 

Then came the move to the developed 
Cluster I Humanities Library on The Future 
Revelle's campus. In the past, the 
HL Gallery has been the scene of The first-drawn master plan for 
student as well as outside UCSD has not been implemented; 
exhibitions, from showings of we are only four colleges rather 
representationalist artist Alex than twelve, and fortunately for 
Katz to Guatemalan textiles . As the moment we are far short of 
the completion of Mandeville 27,500 students . The Visual Arts 
Center and its art gallery nears, Department is also different 
the HL Gallery will continue to today in numbers and building 
house graduate student shows. facilities than was first intended. 

As for the new Mandeville However, it meets if not exceeds 
Center Gallery, its first show the expectations of qual ity and 
slated for this November, features scope. It possesses the creative 
L.A. artist Barbara Smith . It will and the scholarly within its 
be complete with a department- faculty, offers a wide range of 
designed catalogue aimed at course work in various aspects of 
helping the non-artist spectator Visual Arts, and exhibits the 
further ~ppreciate the I results of such work along with 
exhibition, a primary goal of both other non-student contributions. 
Moira Roth and Pat Baxter. The In the future, Visual Arts looks 

INTRODUCING OUR NEW TRADITION: 

"All You Can Eat" Days at 
Di Leone's of La Jolla 

Mon thru Fri 
Daily Breakf.t Special 

Mon thru Fri 
D;,ily Luncheon Specials 

Mon 100st Beef 
Tues §pIlhetti 

Dinner Specials 

Wed Dinner for 2 56.00 with 
Thun Top Sirloin Steak 
Fri Fish .. Clams 
Sat Chicken 
Sun Biked Ham 
Sat Allihe pancalees you cln elt 
Sun All the chopped ham II scrambled tiP and pan-
cakes 

51 .29 

51 .65 

52.75 
51 .89 
wine 

52.95 
51 .89 
51 .89 
S2.9S 
5.99 

51 .49 

Beer & Wine served. 
6765 La JoIli Blvd. 

454-2722 
.,nquet Fadllties Available 

Open , AM to 10 PM, Sun to Thurs. 
Open' AM to MId nite. Fri Ind Sat. 

to bigger and better shows within 
its galleries as well as expansion 
In the content and focus of 
graduate study. It faces the 
challenge of growin g and 
developing further Within a 
somewhat f inite availdbdity of 
facilities, just as John Stewart 
once took on the task of starting 
from scratch and establishing a 
strongly creative and productive 
department some ten years ago . 
The job ahead is by no means an 
easy or predictable one, but then 
again, it never has been, either for 
the Visual Arts Department or' 
UCSD. 

American Cherry Farms 

NEW 
LOCATION 

C ·OL·LEGE STUDENT 

S)]S 
INSURANCE SERVICE 
5187 COLLEGE AVE· 583·9393 

Pile ] Triton fimes Oct. 1'. 1974 



~'Let There Be Eyes, A P For Every Wavelength II 

Will Wrilht 
Assistant ProfeslOr, Department of SociolOlY 

UCSD is run by and for scientists . It prides its.lf on beina an elite 
scientific research institution, and its pride is justified. For example, in 
1974, out of the 95 scientists admitted to the Itational A~emv of 
Sciences, America's most prestigious scientific honor, six are at UCSD. 
By comparison, only four were named from Berkeley and only one 
from UCLA, both with far lar&« groups of scientkts. From the 1077 
members in the National Academv, UCSD has 42, probably the largest ' 
per capita membership of any U.S. university, accordinl to Public 
Affairs . 

In 1973 we were ranked fourth in the total amount of money 
allocated for research ilftd development (166.8 million) by all 
American universities, toPpilli both Berkeley and Harvard.-

In the adm(nistratlon, the chancellor is a scientist and a former 
director of the National Science Found.ion, the chief lovernmental 
supporter of basic scientific research . 50 too, Is the vice-chancellor fot 
academic affairs a scientist, as are three of the four col. provosts . 
And scientists, particularly those study ins the natural sciences, 
traditionally domiMte the important Academic Senate Committees, 
for example, the Budget Committee and the Committee on Com-
mittees . Finally, in terms of teaching, students In the natural sciences 
seem much more adept at jl!ttins faculty positions than those in the 
social sciences or humanities." 

UCSD's major concern, other than producing scientific research 
and building technology, is to turn out well Qualified scientists and 
technicians who can direct, utilize, and perpetrate the technOlogical 
society. Thus it seems clear that the future of UCSO is closely tied to 
the future of science in America. What, then, is this futurel 

Inf/allan 
America itself, as we all know, is in the midst of a rampant inflation. 

Since the war, American business has grown by continually expanding 
its markets, as well as by technological breakthroughs (plastics, 
detergents, etc.) In order to e,qJand its markets America had to help 
rebuild the economies of the war-ravaced countries, primarily Western 
Europe and Japan . Recently, however, these American-aided 
economies have come of age and begun competing with us for markets 
and raw materials. In this situation Amerka can either fight, as w~ did 
in Vietnam and Cambodia; subvert, as we did in Chile and Brazil ; or 
lose our dominant influence; as we have in the Arab countries and 
almost everywhere else. But corporations must make a profit. Thus, if 
they cannot Increase their profit through increased production (which 
requires new markets) they must increase it through hiaher prices. Our 
present inflation is the result of the need for profit by capitalist 
businesses which cannot continue to grow through increased 
produc tion. 

Inflation can be stopPed, but it would entail reducing corporate 
wealth and profit. Of course the corporate elite do not wish to give up 
their wealth, and they have the political power to insure that it is not 
threatened by any actions of President Ford in his war on inflation . But 
si nce inflation threatens the entire economy, . including business, 
something must be done, and the only alternative is to reduce spen-
ding on welfare and social programs such as mass transit or Medicare. 
In other \¥t)rds, -the only politically acceptable way to fight the in-
flation which is endemic in our economy is to increase hunger, 
poverty, unemployment, and bitterness, not only in America but all 
over the world. (See "The Managed Depression" by David Deitch in 
The Nation, Auaust 31, 1974) 

Science 
Now we can return to science and UCSD. Unless there is a 

revolutionary change in the American economy, this situation will 
continue to get worse In the next ten years . What, then, will be the fate 
of science? 

First, since money will be scarce, only the most critical scientific 
needs will be financed. These needs will depend on the state of the 
society, and the state of the society will be poverty, bitterness, and 
despair . More and more people will feel betrayed and anary as their 
living conditions become worse in order to protect the wealth and 
power of the corporate elite. Hostility to laws and participation In 
political activism will increase. Thus the critical needs of the society, 
that is, of the people with power, will be to maintain law and order and 

cont -~ the populction . All available resources will be mobilized to this 
end, d the scientific establishment will be chief amon, them . Just as 
the l n versity scientists Quickly sold out to the Department of Defense 
in or:Jer to develop techniques for the control of insul'J«lt populations 
in the 'rhird World, they will also self out to the Department of Justice 
in order to develop techniques for the corrtrol of our own population. 

Tt I\J' ucsn,' it -iutVives as_a scientific institution, will be in-
crea,i ngly utilized to protect the \.urper3tions t;om the people. It Is 
alre?dv moving in this direction by doing work for the Department of 
Deft n~e, the Atomic Eneray CommiSSion, IfICf the Department of 
Hea tli, Education, and Welfare. Even the vaunted research for a 
cant=Hcure, which many scientisl5 say is misconceived, worb In the 
inter of the corporations, since if a cancer cure can be found, or 
even well-publlclzed, convincin. eHort made, the corporate elite will 
-In _ .... of _II. UCID _ ~ tile __ ......... I~ ... nt for 
--...,.,. ...... &Ie Ufth .... " ..,.-.,_ ...... AIIII_ ................. .. 
• ..tIIIey, In ...... _ of ....... ......, ~ _ • ....., for'--
.nd .... 1 aliA • l 'IIIM .. _.-UCID ........... _,_'""" .... , ... 
.'rom_D ......... ~ .. _ .... ...,.,..,... • ...... DOD ... . 
'rom A~ .' 
"'or II ........ III ...... ...., .... _ ......... ""...... "'10_ 
/MIOM ... ".. .......... " ................... ,.... ................... . 
..... _ .... ".. ....................... ,... .................. -
,,"' .. 

Continued on Pale 7 
P •• e 4 Triton Times Oct. 16, 1974 

In an attempt to answer the all too infrequently asked questio'n of 
what the future holds for UCSD, we interviewed, and solicited 
statements from, a number of people we felt might hold some 
generally representative opinions. In choosing spokespersons we were 
guided mostly by official titles, for where we sought reputation we 
often found reticence. Apparently, unofficial opinion does not flow 
freely on this campus. Dr . Herbert York (see below), a man known for 
his outspoken nature, describes UCSD as undergoing "consolidation". 
It might be more accurately called ossification. In any event, we feel 
that whatever state the University is in, it cannot be understood 
outside the context of current economic and social trends. An 
examination of grants allocated to UCSD for scientific research leads 

u~ to summarize these trends under two general themes : 
recession and JQcialitatiQIJ. 

Over fifty percent of 
ment . The fact is that the 
direct application of these 

come from the federal govern-
~ pressuring for an increasingly 

solution of social problems. 

be too devilish to consider his replacement by the government in the 
minds of grant-hungry researchers . 

What does the future 1l0Id • .DI The university's motto is "let 
there be lisht." We would ItSt this biblical allusion be in-
terpreted in an unscientific that the motto be rephrased 
thusly : "Let there be eyes, a wavelength." Admittedly, 
this is somewhat c en the rest is added : "And 
let them report all " 

Science depends upon , and it has been taken on 
faith that specialization is good and evil are religious 

The conflict in this transition period hits home with the individual 
researcher . He must balance his success in his field, which means 
publishing Quality results, against his success as a human being, which 
involves his ability to relate to the world around him without an in-
tervening barrage of esoteric symbolism. He must be able to com-
municate with his colleagues, his students, and . hopefully, with his 
personal friends . One purpose of this university is to produce 
researchers . UCSD may train a good researcher but it is debatable 
whether he will be a happy and well-balanced one. 

Discussiom of die eYMOtiOft ()f tedlnotolv ~ tg Mve spector 
te[1tls : ~ienc has come our traditional Cod. who is ca._ft"" ........ in ward .... kept this t~ of 

Therefore, we fault this school, not because it emphasizes science, 
but because it has perverted science; not because it is used by the 
government, but because it refLises to acknowledge its true role, hiding 
instead behind a hypaajtiul cloak of platitudes on the sanctity of the 
institution. We fault this university becaLise it has becOOle a trade 
school of the mind, dedicated to aankina out skilled researchers , 
Instead of a true IIniYa'Sity dedicated to innovation and the 

flO .., f ·,.des like BIlly ~ Our f.ith 
is now plical Itt tclence, of k~ as an end in 
it". Thio faith itt "''''" to" ~duced blind-

of behavior cOftlrollcftinllltearby, so it thouldbe mede deer ... we 
are not concelvin& of the ..,VenMrlent • a ttv.at 10 "freedom". We .. 
attemptin. only to define the contours of chante. Ccwernments work 
for whit they feel is ttle IIQOd of lOCietr; one need onIv f., that the 
good of society may mean the automatic and efficient funcdoning of 
its individuals . 

neu tOWMls aU at Is d".:ientific," which an too often 
includes sItCh messy th of the .overnment. Con- development of the human potential. . Malcolm A. Smith, Editor-in-c:hlef 
sidering ~ as a FC!ther ftgure, it might not 

Ro,er Rlwl/" 
;" til. UCSD AutitnM pu., .,roNiI April, 

You ca""ol be a v~ gooti s&ll!nhst uless YOII beli6f)e IhM 
il 's .xtr~ely important 10 bla goot! sdenhsl. As all end iii 
itself 

Or. Her"erl York 

The retlllissanc. ""'" was clMnlcteri.s1ie of the ,.",.;ssanu. 
II's impossible 10tMy for p.opk 10 Nve Ille necessary d.plD 
of lI"tlersla"tli", 10 fll"clioll «ross ID. boartl, so 10 sped. J 
ilJi"i what fH IJllfle 10 fool. fore'WtWtlto is Ih. MlIopmnt of 
trl4chaniS1tls /0 pe,.,.il eff.ctive ",1II1i-persa" opttralio.s. 

/ / Dr. Cliffortl Grobstein 
More end more plOpl. have rulized ther. ;s lin explid/ 

and slJorl l.,-m conruc#on behH.n science .d lechnoloo. 
And Illey hllve realized Ihat allN hi,hest polilical letlel. MtI 
Ihaillas reflectetl itself bad i,,10 acade",ia. ff"h., I mea" ", 
Ihe highest polilkal levels is thill, for illsla"ce, in 1949 
~sitk", Trw .... " WIIS ~suded I/Nil N .eeMIlIo IMtM " 
science lllilfisory co",miII" NcallSe t~JWesitlnl ,,"lIed 10 
IJave tIM" cllannlls ;"/0 Ihe scinliPf a"tI ,.dMoIogiCill 
com,.lI"i" ;" orthr 10 get adfli&e witIJ regtmls 10 urt_ 
proNe.s he Iholl,hl wnw importlllll. 

Dr. Herhm Yorl 

I I 
PIobIem: To descrIbe a realistic 
Diego, in the VNI d 1CJ84 within an 
SoIutJ.; To predicate a J.:feat 

Affiin 

the University of California at San 
two typewritten paaes . 
ize .."d articulate its human, fis cal, 

commitment, and passion necessary to and phY!llcal needs. To Mvote t 
a~e such a campus . 

A ~reat unlver$ity creates an which optimizes the '1Uman potential of 
those who gather there to learn , to contri bute through their knowledge and 
service to the betterment Qf the s~."ch they live. Our <:ampus has and must 

. continue to attract faculty , who interact in all dim ensions of the 
teachinll. learnin!-: and service 

We share a meritocratic sense ntll,tWI.nri collective self. Ou, goal is excellence. 
Adequacy is not enough. The lence requires common ende"vor and 
not the pitting of oneaaainst ial and empcy competition. 

Since its establishment a decade of this campus have been the 
direct fLinctiop of the dynamic and ten !lion between undeq:raduate 
('(!ucational programs in the the !-:raduate education and creatl\le 
scholarship of the campus-wide the Scripps Institution of Oceano~,'raphy 
and the professional activities of Medicine. We must strenllthen this 
dvnamlc relation~ip by creative scholars to our faculty who are 
dedicated to communicating their We must continue to attract students wIlo 
are most anxIous to INrn but at the to express their own creative talents . 
In order to enhance the outcome required for optimal teaching 
and learning, it is necessary that nt-faculty ratio of at I .. st 1& to 1, and 
hopefully even lo .... r. 

We require fisc.1 support from 
struction and research support npC __ 

and priv.te sources to provide in-
pmlrY'lr;UV educational environment. 

ies are both complex and costly. Com-
os , the opportunity for fielCl experience, 
bring us the wisdom and knowledge of 

Contemporary laboratory equi 
puter time is essential . We need 
and above all access to books in 
our world . 

We seek to create a physical in the form of buildinp with harmonious 
landscaped areas. Our colleaes to provide the lecture and seminar 
lOOmS, the studios and offices, the recreational facilities, the libraries 
and computer certers to ent:OUlr4Kw, pleasurable the endeavor of Iearnil1K 
and teachina. 

The' facilities c:I the School of the Scripps Institution" of Oceanography 
must be developed to allow the to fulfill their special aspects of the 
educational prOCElSS and to . effectively with the waduate and un-
(ierll'aduate students In rewarch the campus. 

By 1914 we should haw four s providina diverse underGraduate ap-
proaches 10 hiaher educ.iOll . in the Keneral C.-npuJ in conjunction 
with tM programs" kripp!l and icme will of~ graduate education 
and re5ellfch f~f18 to MlI§tll .... ~t'oral degree ~MlS of illtemational 
.recognitron . ~terdisciplinary tal und aduate and waduate 
programs wid encourage reselfc~ in suc h areas. Energy, Urba" Studies, 
Policy and andl.!ric.an Studies, ~_ and SocietYI ~ many 
other f~ldJ in the ne ten years . 

W. be developed to augment tht powerful 
of Medici InclUding dentistry, public 

I\netWIE'dgt!able a~ dedicated individuals 

law which closely.eletes to our strenboth 
and the soc:iallClenQI. 

nor a ,ed_tea Utopia. W. will 
a or 9,000 undergraduates. We 

law . And ab:we all, we will seek tID in-
a holistie..-p1lOlCll to hiKher educltion . 

commitment" nded unlvenity, 
0,," CClmnluIllly wIah ~ to our 

win become ......... part of 
our research will be linked thr'OUllh 

. needs. _ 
ng and &ell_ teach .... IIIIf lernina. 

share with III peope. t and 
. Above all, each 0fMt ctI .. on the 

oIl1n11Jdm izi", our own III'so" 
ze theln. . 

John Snodtri5S, Science edih" 

Everybody ""Is abolll innovating, bill "01 ",uch really 
~oes Off . Well, Ihere 's imlOtlalion-·but only oj other people's 
ideas. 

Dr. Herbert York 

J tbi"i Ihe ""'P"S ne.1Is 10 co"ti"lIe 10 grow. II nee"s 10 
co",i"lIe 10 grow becQlls. il has" 'I yll reached Q size where il 
CtJII rio liJe tI.nOIlS Ihi"gs lilal it will lie able 10 do with a 
s,o,.ewhtlt larger siu. J Ihi"l. ii's r;lear 1/J.tI1, /rI.si 10 retillae Ihe 
,nv,shllelll Ihill .e""y b.n .ade ", ihis ca",plIs, this 
cam,us WIll hafltllo be somewhallarger than it "ow is. 

Dr. Clifford Grobstein 

Efltln Ibollgh o"e",.y enti liP sp-cializing in" certai" arell, 
as YOII lIIways e1fd ." . slill .~ou c<?",e 0111 wiIb a b~er 
liberal lITiS edllcahotl, wh,ch gIVes yOlJ a- conh"ulng 
.tJlI&IIIio" 1"'::JlIollllife ... JOII hopefol/, IIIV i" (I ~ to 
.prer;iate g IiJera-., gooti art, .'uma, a.tJ 10 con-
""", 10 stiitJy 11Ias. thill,s. 

Dr. Herbm Yori 

Tie · .. i" IrniI is II Ire'" ~ COtISoIitiatitl~ wIMI we 'N 
,01, a,," Ihlll .. "y II'mes is Me of!PoSlie Df change. The 
""ges tDrn w. see i" IIJe lIfIiI,ers/ty lire COII"ecle" wilh 
growth. I do" 'I just simply _an growlh -If; growlh 
ptfWides ",or~ o/J/llJrtllnities/or tIflvelty a"tI i"fltltJalion. you 
(I,.. hin"'g "ew people, cr~a""g fiefAI pairi"gs of people, new 
gr'DllPs of peojJJe, .ore i"te~/i"". I" a grow"" silua/ion 
yo .. ~a" alforilto .,.4e ",isliMes, jul YOII cannot ",de a 
""JtMe i" (I sle""y .,e situa#on. W thai by ilse/ftlli/I lead 
/tI, *a.4i"g gnn.lr. a siluatio" of co"solitialioff. 

~ eco"o",ic silflJl/io" cOlIlJ gel flJOrse, a"d 1M you 
couU 'ave a sillltl#(JtI where i",.u" of only cO(lso/iMlio" 
yOll _e regressio". Rlgressio" heCIIIISe alol of Ihe ,."gs 

wlJic~ ",.e beSI, wha are ",0.11 i",.res#"g ,,,,d #W)sl 
prom~for Ihe fo/II,.. ;"flolfle ",OfIey .'s J.Hmiesllo ,.1, 
",OII.,/Or resea~II, for i""ova#,?", a1lti so forth. 

BIll llUre IS "0 emjJltms 0" prtlCIiI¥Ii'1. Most of .. !.thrtII_.;.?: Ihlll CfI",.to Ihis camplls ;. focllsed 011 baJi& 
~j -~.-.siijt. !.WIofil. ""IINt 
fot/tmII.",." ilJal's oN, 0'" of llie fNI"J Ai"tls of ",o"ey 
we'tI. got. 

Mark Siegel 
Student, UCSD 

Since being asked to write this essay two weeks ago, I've been at-
tempting to find the line of attack most challenging to myself and to 
the reader on the question : "What will the next ten years bring to 
ucsm" In runn ing through my experiences at UCSD, I found myself 
repeatedly asking : "Who am I to Judge events past and future? After 
all, I was only a student" It IS th is humbling confesSion that I hope will 
cause students to stop and refl ec t upon their own positions within thiS 
community. 

UCSD has often been referred to as the "dadin!:" of the UniverSity of 
California . Ranked perhaps highest in the nation for quality among 
public undergraduate schools, UCSD is moreover fortified by stron!-: 
and prestigeous graduate departments. And if you ask any ad-
ministrator to define the key element in this magnificent situation, the 
reply is unequivocally : "The students are the key!" It is the students 
who are the interface between knowledge and its translation into 
solutions of socipty's problems. 

Within this framework UCSD continues to advance, satisfying the 
personal neecls of its community members, and contr ibuting to the 
Improvement of our society 

Or does it? 

I cannot help but be concerned with the many deficiencies that this 
campus exhibits . Perhaps the most glaring IS the minor role students 
play here in the evolution of education . There are many reasons for 
thiS , some of which may be apparent only to those who have been 
university student s for more than five years, or to those who ha e 
maintained a long term interest In the development of higher 
education In this country. 

hom the beginning of their college careers, students are at a direct 
disadvantage to make a coordinated effort to c hange their en-
viro nment Simply because they are transient Then again, most 
students are lI1derstandably more c.oncerned With passing their classes 
than evolving better teaching techniques , which they leave for the 
institution to do. At UCSD the prevailing cond itions are "model" 
programs of teachin g brought about by years of experience, ac-
companied by insignifi cant student feedback at the end of each 
course. Most students are not interested In Improv lOg the quality of 
epucation for others . Rather, they are deeply concerned with uSing the 
instruction to better their own condition to move them toward that 
graduate school or white collar job spell ing happiness and success In 
our society. 

Despite these conditions, stude nts can bring about some changes . 
Yet apathy reigns, most can't be bothered . Why? Six years ago, UCSD 
was rocked by challe nges regarding the role of the campus in meetrng 
the needs of San Otego (the development of Third College), the Im-
position of reactionary values upon the University by the Reagan-
dominated Board of Regents (People's Park, ReprESs ion of left-wing yet 
academically qual ified professors . most notably Herbert Marcuse) . 
policies of the Nixon Administration (reaching one peak With the 
Invasion of Cambodia), and the lack of student voice m the structuring 
of courses (the creation of CAPE). 

Ad\vitJl'l 

After the cataclysmic events of Spring, 1970, student activism died 
down to virtually nothing. Students were e1lhausted from the traumas 
and frustrations of political action . And a new breed of student arrived 
on campus. This was the student that had attended high school entirely 
ooder the influence of the Reagan Administration, during which time 
reactionary polities were hard-felt all across California, generatmg an 
atmosphere of repression .. This mood was further augmented by the 
election of Nillon in '66, which brought the climax (to date) of the Big 
lie : anything left of right is un-American ; the students job Is to move 
as quickly as possible Into an economically product ive position ; in-
tellectual persuit is tanta .. ount to leeching oH the system; and the 
greatest advancements possible can be made by strengthening ed!lting 
ystems, for they a'e w.at have made America great . 

StLidents entering UCSD reacted as one woold expect After ~ars of 
incomprehensible slaughter in Southeast Asia, cOfl'Upt ion in the 
federal government , and political repression in the field of education, 
students were beyond reacting. They had had enough. Repeated 
traumatic experiences gave the ImpreSSion that protest will always be 
ignored, or misdirected, leading to no r~lution of the conflicts 
I'enerated. Students did not feel like respondll1t; then . They do not feel 
like responding now. 

, 

There are other elements of campus life that compliment this at-
mosphere. O~ IS a basic n;n . Uk. 41 J,;t~(.t\Art (of lbj~ campus· 
promotes a sense of iIoIationism This has been recognized for at least 
five 'fINIS, vet little has bftn done to correct-or prevent this. latest 
~ is the MlndeviHe Center for the Arts. If that bUIWi!'l _leets 
the cfttltlnic warmth of ClMtlve music lAd __ I arts.. we.. . 10 a" ...... lWpfeswd IOday then I ... rea ..... 

~ IsoIItion it a personal ch . Each Itudlnl st 
Continued 011 ' •• p. 5 Triton TiIHI Oct. 16, 1974 



iegel Commentary 
'Interests, Needs of Students , 

Continued from Pale 5 
learn how to adapt to it to develop a mature personality. This could be 
~sisted by some ooncrete (pun intended) aid from those profeSSionals 
whose ro!e on campus is to create a warm atmosphere for students. Yet 
this is not the case. 

Physical and personal solitude is further burdened by the simple fact 
that there is no communication between undergraduates, graduate 
students, staff, faculty and administration ' outside academic and 
otherwise functional activities . This is pathetic. It seems as if this is 
such an elite campus tnat one cannot give up precious study, research, 
teaching, or administraiton time to such a mundane activity as 
;;ocializing. And as Olle of the greatest challenges in our society is to 
turn back the continuing de-personalization of our lives, we have here 
a sad commentary on our effort to rise to that challenge. I hope that 
this university campus will make it a matter of 'the upmost priority to 
generate an amosphere where students can learn to communicate and 
interact with each other, the UCSD community, and with the general 
public in a warm, "human" manner . 

Students at UCSD are still in a desensitized state, in an absolute 
refractory period, in \'\.hich they are still unable to express their feelings 
on how they want their lives at this university to develop. They have 
given the administration the power to govern student affairs by 
default . Students capable of expressing the attitudes of fellow students 
are sought out by' administrators and faculty, but not by their peers. 
Students compliment this by a very personal concern for their own 
social and economic future . It seems more popular to think of one's 
own skin rather than to work for the collective betterment of all at 
UCSD, let alone society in general 

This is a dangerous trend . I ask all on this campus to reflect on their 
roles here . There is no question in my mind that economic pressures 
have affected every facet of UCSD. But these factors should not be 
allowed to transcend the need for developing a broader personal 
perspective that embraces more than one's own sense of well-being. 

These are some of the challenges I have been exposed to during my 
time at UCSD. They are what I see now as the problems students must 
face today, and in the future . And I hope they will be resolved, not in 
1984, ten years from now, but before- students now attending this 
university graduate and move on . 

The idea has ~n and always 
will be to serve the interests and 
the needs of the students. The 
Physical Education Department 
has not changed this outlook nor 
is it likely that they will change 
this policy over the next ten years 
according to Athletic Director 
Howard Hunt. 

Over the past ten years there 
has been a tremendous increase 
in the demand by students for 
more activities in the area of PE 
classes, recreation and in-
tercollegiate sports . 

Because of this demand, Hunt 
refers to UCSD as one of the most 
"sports-minded" campuses in the 
country. He proudly points to the 
fact that UCSD fields 31 in-
tercollegiate teams, "more than 
any other school in the country," 
as evidence. Hunt also pointed 
out the registration for PE classes 
has never been higher, "We had 
to turn away over a thousand 
people." And this was for a non-
required Physical Education 
program 

On the subject of In-
tercollegiate Athletics, Hunt 
made it very clear that the teams 
UCSD fields for Varsity com-
petition are there because of 
student demand for them . Teams 
such as the new Field Hockey 
team are competing this year 
because there are students here 
on campus that wish to play the 
game, not because there is a 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• coach who wants to coach the 

ROMAN POLANSKI'S team . As a result the Department often has to go beyond its own teaching staff to find someone to 
coach . 

UL DE SA Intercollegiate teams at UCSD - - ~_have had their h ighlights and 
lowlights . There have been two 

National Championship teams, 
Karate and Volleyball , Other 
teams have died because of a lack 
of student interest; football and 
gymnastics to name two . It has 
always been the students, in-
terested students that have made 
UCSD athletics what they are 
today. 

Another bright spot in the 
intercollegiate field has been the 
participation of \I\o()men in Varisty 
competition . Never have so many 
women been involved with so 
many teams - rugby, basketball, 
volleyball, swimm ing, etc. 
Because of this tremendous level 
of competition on the part of 
women, Hunt says that UCSD will 
be one of the few schools in the 
country that won't suffer very 
much, if at all, under the Title IX 

. provisions that in all likelyhood 
will become laws in a short time. 
Title IX will guarantee equal 
funding for women's and men 's 
athletics . At present all teams at 
UCSD get an equal share of the 
pie, depending upon their needs. 

The recreation and intramural 
programs are also striving to meet 
the needs of the students. The 
Recreation Department has been 
sponsqring many programs and 
clubs that the students at UCSD 
can benefit from . 

Because of the increase in 
demand for Physical Education 
activities, the PE Department and 
the Recreation Department both 
have plans for new physical 
plants on the drawing board. The 
PE Department has plans to build 
a new cluster center out near the 
library . This new center would 
provide more gym and pool space 
to ease the constant use placed 
upon the present facilities . The 
Recreation Department has a 53 

million plan for a recreation 
complex to be located across the 
freeway. This would include an 18 
hole golf course, horseback riding 
facilities, an Olympic sile 
swimming pool and other 
facilities to serve the students, 
faculty and staff at UCSD . 

One other area that the P[ 
Department has been involved in 
is the field of research . At the 
present there are t\\'o major and 
very innovative programs going 
on within the department . 

Howard Hunt and Dr . James 
White have been doing research 
in preventive medicine . They are 
working on diagnosing possible 
health problems before they 
become problems , and 
prescribing exercise as medicine. 
Most of their work so far has been 
through the extension program 
but they hope to be able to test all 
incoming freshmen and outgoing 
seniors in order to see what ef-
fects the regimen of study has on 
a student's physical health . 

Robert Moss has developed 
what is probably the most unique 
program of any at UCSD, that of 
the Psychology of Officiating. 
Through his experience as a 
professional baseball umpire , 
Moss has been teaching liis 
students the philosophy and 
techniques of ump'iring . Com-
bining his goal-oriented, positive 
attitude to the science of proper 
judgement, Moss has succeeded 
in bringing out the best in most of 
his students . 

The Physical Education 
Department will continue to grow 
under its present auspices, 
meeting the needs of the student-
athletes, providing them with 
their needs and desires in the 
realm of physical activity. 

-what's happening.,..·-----'!"'""----
THURS. USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 

films 
AMES film ...... Thu ... Oct 17 12:00 
US. 2122 "TIw fluid Dyne mice of 0,.,. 
Pt. z" 110/1') 

meetings 
••••••••••••••••• __ •••••••• The Tueaday night WOMEN·S CENTER 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometri st 
new midway 
fed mart 
store 
pyes examined 
presu iption s fi lied 
contact lenses fitted 

Mon.Tu",Thu ... F,1. 
10:30 AM .. ' :00 PM. 
S.turdeYI 
10:00 Am .. • :00 PM. 
SundeY. 
,,:00 AM .. 11:00 PM. 
CIOHCI Wed ...... y. 

C'r">"'n'C' arena blvd. 

224·2914 

Coneclou ..... lIalllin, .,ouP I. FULL 
Othe .. cen )oIn the Wed,...y 3-lIpm 
,'OIl p. FI,..t mutl... Oct. 11th. .t the 
Cou .... ln. Center, Matthewe c.mpu .. 
Funlw, Info: WOMEN'S CENTEII 4112-
2IIZ3 0' Connl ....... (10/1') 

Prot Suun Klelnb .. , of HIIitOry o ... t 
will be uti... lu neh with etudente In 
the Wom .... ·• Center Wed Oct " at 
noon 110/111 

TRIDENT CHRISTIAN FEUOWSHIP m_ Wed. 1011. at 7:. In the R ....... 
Inform. I Lou ..... 110/111 

• non.protlt 
pubtic HrvfCl 

• .,.ncy 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Coun.ling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 
• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 
• Female S18rillzatlon 

Cell B\.I for 
confident .. 1 .... t.nc:. 

17141 283-6351 
(714)~757 

01.. RodrigUN SWP cendldllte for 
Oov. Thu .... Oct. 11: R .. 1y 11 am Muir 
P .... 12 pm mt.. ."'~ Cmr. - L .. 
Conf. Room Into -.,. 1101111 

Commie.. for tlw Phvelcellv Han-
dice.,.....: Imp_nt meetl ... on TIM.o .. , 
Oct 17th et 10IIm In tlw Admln~" 
Conference Room of the C ...... 
Library. Studente with llleuel, em· 
bu"tory, '-rl ... a1>4 ot ..... dlubilitlee 
howwe, .llght e,e ... cou,.,ed to at· 
tend. Ot ..... lItud..,te concerned nout 
tlw phyllicelly Iwndlctlppec! el.o a .. 
welcoma, 110/1') 

"Hope I. not a Method" . t"m It 
dlecuulon of birth control method .. 
Studen1 Hulth cl_oom Wed. 10/1, .. 
Thu ... , 10/17 4 pm 110/111 

Ann. ln1ro leetuIW on T .. _tel 
M ...... tlon Wed. Oct. " In II ....... 
Informel Lounga .t 12 .. 7:JD 11m. For 
Info -,1 ... 110/111 

Triton Wa,...mlntl Club mute every 
Thureday 1-12 pm In 1214. 1211 "B 
M .... School N_ m.m ..... welcome. 
110/211 
UC80 Blcycllntl \,IUD meeting on WH. 
Oct. • at .... III the llee. Gym. 110111\ 

Chrl8tlan ScI - TtIu .. 7 '"" BlRe Com 
Rm 110/111 

Sel .... _mW .... pm - P.E. C'--
(10/11) 

YOte Club .... te .very n...... u,. 
pm, R ....... Fonn.I Lou-. 110/.' 

services 
Typl.t.: 1 BM·T.,m pap.,. 
.'thueelcI_tl_/lltc. 

Edltlng/Ru'" ...... X_ Andt -. 
DII7 .. ~7Ia IP1O/1I) 

TYPING · MARILYN would .. e to type 
you, ... _. t.... iItIC. She .. ea· 
perlalloed on .. I typw of ........ ..... 
_nab .. and ... an IBM ....... cell 
'- at .. ,.,. Ip,of1. 

Part-.,.,. work: _ ...... fw our 
.... oIutionafy _ bIcyaIa producrL 
You'. be amu'" et the tremend-
"_lbllltv of world,.. .... IIMII __ rv 
rew .. d. College etudentIL Mort. ... 
Pu,.ult Int.,p,l .. a Inc. ~. 
I P1OI21 1 

-advertisements for ourselves-
housinl 
.. mo. '-tHu", 2 BR. 28A on 
."Dr! Bay till 1 "uly, pllt patio, ... 
... te. Don_p fum ............... ~ 
7111, m·1M'. 22101 • . (P1O/.1 
RINT: Unfurnlehecl town"- _ 
_.....- 2 BR. ...tlo. oerport. pool 
4iZJllIItOnttl. Celt. m...,. IP1OI2tI 

w.nttd 
NIID IXTRA CAlH? ...,.,. Tog DoIIw 
fof your U.s. __ CeIN ....... 
baf_ 11M. It ... ___ . IP1I,. 

tmel 
IUIIO'I.IIRAIL-APlUCA ._ .... t 
fI ....... wee' .... nd CONTACT: I8CA 
_ UnIwnIty Ave. ." 1M DJeee, 
c. •. 1It1, TlLiNl ___ CI1a _ 
_1..,11271 
,UIIOPI. IMAlL. ~IIT. ~ .. 
................ ,.... ....... A.I ... T. 
,. .. La a...... .w. L-. ___ 
_ (7MI ...... CI'III ..,.,. 
1"'1271 
saw T .... 0ffIDe - ON CAIII'W . 
IUIID'I • lIlY CIIerWe uc*) IItt'! 
c...- ..... tNrII M. W, , ONLY 
1"'1271 

A Different View 
The followlnl article was 

submitted in response 10 our 
request for Input from the 
students and faculty of UCSD. 
'By Gecqe 'oR It Mike Cozzens 

The time has come to point out 
that the University of California 
owes its very foundation and 
philosophical basis to , Christian 
individuals. Many, I'm sure, have 
seen the University of California 
seal (Let There Be light) a~ 
pearing on shirts, notebooks and 
assorted University materials . 
This is a quote from the book of 
Genesis. Anyone taking the time 
to research the History of the 
University of California system 
(Verne Stadtman and William 
Ferrier are two authors you can 
consult at the UCSD libraries) will 
soon see how Christian men were 
responsible for establishing the 
U.c. system. 

Their purpose for establishing 
the U.C. system was to augment 
the discourse of reason, in-
telligence and faith . They ar-
dently promoted several ' fields of 
study, including science, to 
develop the capacities The Lord 
had given them to become more 
aware of Him and assist people 
with their needs. 

Needless to say, UCSD has 
definitely lost track of this 
foundation and basis. There is no 
existence of a Religious Studies 
Department on the campus . 
Rather, what now exists is in the 
form of humanities and 
philosophy as an alternative to 
religious study. Thus as a field, 
religion is totally ignored. 

I shall procede upon the 
statement that so many consider 
axiomatic, that is that all sides 
should be presented impartially, 
thereby leaving the students to 
select the side they think is right. 
Although readily acknowledged, 
this has never been practiced. 
Often, when a student desires to 
interject something pertaining to 
the subject being discussed, but 
from a Christian perspective, they 
are slighted or told religion has 
little to do with the subject. As I 
earlier presented, this was never 
the intention of the philosophical 
basis for the U.c. system. On the 
other hand, this does not prevent 
the professor from deriving a 
religious perspective. Therefore, 
the professors have injected their 
own values into the classroom 
while not respecting others 
values. 

Wright Commentary 
not have to sacrafice profits to clean uplndustrial pollution , which is 
estimated to cause 80% to 90% of the cancer in America. (los Angeles 
Times, Marcb 31, 1974). 

T echniciOins 
But in the future we can expect the university scientists' contribution 

to corporate- security to be even more direct, such as increased 
research on the use of drugs for the control of prisoners and the 
"mentally ill,"and the refinement of the "ethnic bombs," germ bombs 
which use genetic differences to effect one ethnic group but not others 
in a general populatiofl . Also, as in Thailand, Chile, Nepal, the social 
scientists will become more and more mobilized to provide local and 
federal police wit.h information on leadership, structure, and behavior 
patterns of dissident political groups, thus enabling their infiltration, 
manipulation , and destruction. And finally, UCSD will continue to 
graduate specialists and technicians who are willing and able to 
maintain and control the necessary laboratories and computers, but 
who have no perspective and little interest in the social and political 
consequences of their expertise . This is because while our com-
mittment to science is unexcelled, our committment to educating an 
informed citizenry who can understand and act intelligently on the 
social, economic, and scientific problems of modern Aml;!rica is nil. In 
fact, as America becomes more of an armed camp protecting pockets 
of great wealth, we can expect the number of faculty who attempt to 
do this kind of educating to become fewerand fewer . 

Of course it does not have to be this way . We could decide as a 
university to teach science so that students not only learned biology 
but also learned the relations of the bioloi:Y establishment to govern-
ment, industry, counter-insurgency, pollution, ghettos, etc. We could 
teach sociology and economics jls though students can and should 
recognize the connections between social disasters such as crime and 
health care and the workings of a corporate capitalist economy. We 
could teach history and literature in a way that would make explicit the 
methods of propaganda, ideology, and art in industrial America. And 
we could teach psychology so that people would understand how our 
sodal institutions create and utiiize self-doubt, sexual oppression , and 
racial tears. 

That is, we could make the effort to achieve an education which 
stresses not techniques but the ability to analyze and understand 
ourselves and our society. Such an effort would require a willingness to 
work and learn on the part of what is now a specilized faculty, a 
pampered student body, and a suspicious community, but it could 
result in a growing number of Americans who know how to organize 
and act on the real sources of hunger, crime, and fear . But since the 
people with money and interests need to protect technicians but not a 
politically educated population, they will of course oppose any eHort 
to change the detached, specialized nature of UCSD. Thus the real task 
is ours, to be willing to struggle to chanae our university from a mill for 
trained technicians to a source of politically informed and socially 
active citizens. 

EXPERIENCE YOURSELF. 
AT A WEEKEID WORKSHOP IN DEL MAR 
Oll OCT. 2b aDd 2T ... call 296-3322 
or WBIft PaR Dl'ORMATIOlf. Arica 
ia • ca.plete practical ay.tea tor 
d .. elop1Qg the huaaD potential. 

~~ ARlCA 2900SIXTHAVENUE o SAN DIEGO, CA 92103 (714) 2963322 MTmI1W.IIIC. 

Supposedly, this institution 
exists f6r the examination of 
information (whether it agrees 
with it or not) to see what light it 
sheds on the subjeCt. However, as 
previously pointed out this is not 
exercised. Several times I have 
approached professors about 
having guest lecturers who 
possess a Ph .D or expertise in 
regards to the subject matter 
being discussed. I have been told 

"Very Unusual 
and 

Curious History" 
Continued from P~le 2 

And those future plans? They're 
not as far away as they seem. 
With the undergraduate program 
completed, and the graduate 
program now realized, the post-
graduate company could be just 
around the corner. According to 
Wagner, "We're ready to go as 
soon as we raise the money ." 

Casa La 
Gultarra 

Fine imported guitars 
from Spain 

Instruction by 
Roberto Torres 

5649 La Jolla Blvd. 
454-5378 

that the classroom is not a place 
for religion or it doesn't relate to 
the subject . I am not talking 
about converting or proselytizing 
but the opportunity to address 
mvself to the subject material. 

My purpose in writing this 
article is to make professors and 
students aware that we have 
strayed from the foundational 
and philosophical assumptions 

and intent ot the University as it 
was origlnallv intended. Religion 
and Education were never meant 
to be at odds and vet this in-
stitution has created that very 
problem Hopefully, the 
professors and students will act to 
correct the problem. Otherwise, 
the verv purpose of the University 
which is to educate, will become 
the very source of creating 
ignorance. 

Where We're Heading 
Continued from Pale 8 

fines. Now, instead of twenty-five cents a day, it's a flat 
$5.00 fee. This system is "more efficient ~nd more 
equitable." However; it is economicOIily unfeauble for 
the student body. The new system t~kes into con-
sideration the c~shien office and the library, but not the 
students. It seems that there are enoulh "administ"tion 
oriented" fees imposed, to cut down on bookkeepinl. I 
think that ~ sludenl-orienled system would be proper-al 
least in the libr~ry. 

H~ppily, we see 01 few r~ys of lilht-the Student Co-op is 
letting firmly established. This student-run ora~nization 
hOis been set up to do ~wOly with the fOirce of a "student 
lovernment" where only ~ few have decision making 
positions. The co-op provides for a larae number of 
people to take POirt in the UCSD decision makiftl process. 

Also we see that UCSD students can let legal OIid-free 
leaal aid. 

It's not hard to recognize that we have serious 
problems. But to recognize the problems sets us in the 
right direction. We must uncH!rst~nd that there are 
situ~tions which demand our attention, which demand 
rectification. But when we look at the positive points, we 
see that with a lood deOiI of effort UCSD may someday 
fulfill the dreOims it was founded on. 

SCIENTIFIC CALCULATORS! 

*Overshipment of brand new 36 key 
electronic calculators available 

* Brand name. American made with 
one year factory warranty 

*Compares with HP 35 in every detail 
plus has extra features 

$159.50 ea. while they last! 
JOTUN INTERNATIONAL INC. 

272-8522 9-5 weekdays 
'H: 1 ,,-. 



UCSD: 
Th~ Next Ten Ve.,. 

W6 IISUti 0111' Ihr" tlisli"gllish,tI colll",,,uIS 10 lippi, Ih,,,,s,/fI's 10 Ih, Ih,,,,, of Ih, "",. Their bllliheri"gs follow. I" 
"""ilio", we p1'6s,,,11I shorl co",,,,,,,liIry by Mlli1' slIlU,,1 jo/;, Lewis. 

Respectfully Yours There are several ways in which UCSD could improve. 
1. Institute free love. 

Taylor told me he needed an article for the anniversary 2. In liew of No. 1, institute competitively priced love. 
issue, so here it is in its damned entirety. Lo~ 3. Organize shooting clubs, then have-

This joint is supposed to be ten years old, though recent , .." 4. Gang bangs. 
carbon-14 tests on the food from the cafeteria indicate a I could go on. If you would like to know more of my 
birthdate late in the Paleozoic. As to where it's going, to Blo~ iews on UCSD, send 25 cents or a fresh sandwich to me, in 
answer Malcolm's question, the answer is simple. The ' .." ... are of this office. 
continental plates are moving us (all of us) slightly to the As I sit here, I can't help thinking that every 45 seconds 
west at so many feet per century. Beyond this, you really and Cheap omeone--somewhere-is getting one hell of a lot of en-
have to look close. 'oyment out of life. What Humanities never taught me is 

A friend just came in and asked me what I got on the O. hy it isn't me having the fun . What scares me is the 
Chem midterm. I got dissillusioned, that's what I got. byEdw.,dSimono Shots possibility of finding the answer in Genetics. 

Where we've been . I've only been here two years, and 
that leaves eight years unaccounted for, as far as I'm So, what can UCSD do for humanity? The answer is quite 
concerned . simple : Impress upon its students the importance of three 

I've often heard that UCSD was born at the request (and things; food, sex, and shelter-generally in that order. If 
donations) of Rohr, General Atomic, Calbiochem, etc . note: sure, Ed), but something inside of me rebels against everyone had sufficient quantities of each, there would be 
With this knowledge has come the cosmic realization that I lab work, no matter how it is presented . I must be allergic no ,Problems at all. 
really don't care. Since learning about UCSD's industrialist, to organic molecules. Except a lot of kids . 
capitalist, and technologist beginnings, I am amazed that My big problem these days is food. Actually, this falls There is an answer for them too. You'll notice however 
knowing the mysteries of UCSD's conception hasn't helped under the larger category of money, but we'll leave that that Charles Goodyear never went to college. 
me in one single class. If it weren't for UCSD, I'd be going alone. (It's certainly left me alone). I am in hock up to my I still don 't know anymore about UCSD than I did when I 
to UCLA or UCR. adenoid scars for borrowed lunches. And I would like to started this and I'll venture you don't either. If you know 

I believe someone wrote an article for this issue in which take this opportunity to tell you that if you have a lunch something that you think I should know; tell me. Simply 
he stated that UCSD's beauty and isolated position lulled you don't want , well sir,. just brin,g it-what's that, John? enclose rl letter with a sandwich and send it to me. It will 
the smacks here into complacence-or something like that . Can't say it, eh? Well alright. How about, " I'm available for be given every consideration . 
For some reason, I don't feel guilty at all for attending din~r"? 
UCSD; maybe I should . I'm certainly not complacent. I Speaking about money, I hope we don't run out of toilet I might even read your letter. 
often think of the poor, huddled masses-in fact, I write paper before our checks arrive. And speaking of checks, Hoping I've already alienated or disgusted most of you, I 
home every month . John and I have been expecting ours for about two weeks . remain , 

More than anything else at the moment, I am out of lab. For my part, I'm getting sick and tired of not getting checks Respectfully yours, 
Edward Simons I hate lab. I dread it and loathe it. My TA's great (editor's in the mail. 

Reagan's Years and the other "evils" brought about by Reagan 's regime. POLITICS: JAMES G. SOTO I n considering the past 10 years aside from Ronald 
Reagan, the thrust of politics has also changed . Gone are 
the days of active student participation and influence 

1964 was the year UCSD was revealed to the world . Yet doesn't have the carte blanche it once had, and that nQw throughout the state . One doubts whether very many 
despite all the hope and joy attendant in its conception , there must be some reflection as to the directions thE> people care about the issues that inflamed student hearts 
UCSD along with the rest of the University of- California University must take. One of Reagan 's legacies will be his in the late 60's and early 70's. There is little expectation 
should have detected the winds of change blowing from success in making the future direction of the University that the students of today can , or would even want to shut 
the right . accountable to the ';:: ::,-f (alifornia. down the University. Students in this state, especially in 

1964 was also the year of Barry Goldwater's presidential the University of California, had a dynamic influence as to 
nomination by the Republican party. California played a the direction politics could take. George McGovern piled 
key role in that nomination . Although Goldwater was up massive majorities here at UCSD and throughout the 
soundly defeated by Johnson, the election in California University to win the California primary. Yet this action in 
was important in two respects . First California bucked the itself was responsible for the strong community backlash 
national trend by electing in a Democratic year, freshman against the University in the form of the unprecedented 
Republican representatives from Democratic districts (Ed defeat for McGovern and his policies at the hand of voters 
Reinecke was one of these oddities); secondly the ap- in the general election . Students, whether they realized it 
pearance of Ronald Reagan was in some respects a preview or not, elected Richard Nixon through their radical support 
of his future political career. Reagan was introduced to of Eugene McCarthy and George McGovern, and their 
California voters shortly before the 1964 election as he failure to reflect upon their actions. 
gave a rousing televised message in support of Goldwater : Students today are called apathetic and self-centered by 
setting the stage for his own nomination by the Republican most observers but a strong case can be made for just the 
party in 1966. opposite. Voting trends exhibited by students in the most 

One of Reagan 's big issues was the University of recent election show students becoming much more in-
California. The voters in this state felt that they were losing dependent in their voting preferences . No more do we find 
control over their university, and he events that transpired students holding to lemming-like support for "movement" 
up in Berkeley with the Free Speech Movement seemed to candidates . Students are more interested in the individual 
reinforce their feelings . aspects of candidates and thus are showing more diverse 

Reagan 's massive landslide in 1966 coincides with the opinions in the polling booths. Students are tired of being 
start of the active and influential student movement. So . used by politicians whose own actions sell-out principles 
the grass roots conservative movement, represented by For UCSD Ronald Reagan is really the only governor this students are attracted to . In the future one can see the 
Ronald Reagan, is directly opposed by the new activi.sm institution has k~~wn . ~% of its existe~ce has been under disappearance of large student voting-blocs and the in-
that appeared to Reagan and his supporters to be running the .Reagan administration and most of Its growth has been tegration by students into the political system. 
rampant throughout the university in a destructive manner. dUring the Reagan years . Despite the terrible things Reagan As Reagan gives way to either Brown or Flournoy, the 

Though the opponents of Reagan have claimed that he was accused o~ doing, UCSD has remained relatively University will lose a little of the drive that brought It this 
and the Reagan type conservatives almost destroyed t~e uns~~thed and Its growth has been more. ~ffected b~ ~he far in one piece, and stronger for the experience. The next 
University, his supporters still complain of the ab~ses In realities of growth. rat~er than t.he r~alltles of polltlc.s. 10 years will probably be a lot duller than the first 10 but it 
today's higher education . What has come about .1n t~e UCS,? and t~e .UnI.ver~lty of C~lIfornl~, as a whol~ . stl~! will be. politically speakinc, more constructive fqr the 
Reagan years is the sober realization that the University remain premier institutions despite the terrors of tUition University commun!ty. 

, At Large 
by John Taylor 

Monologue 

maybe smiling at the poor jerk who lives next door . You 
gonna skip him when you save the world? 

" After a while working here, I figured I was lucky if I 
could get a smile or two in the morning. Sometimes when 
I'm thinking a lot of myself, which isn't very often lately, I 
think I could be a pretty good teacher. I CJuid tell them 

you have to have something before you come in, and after 
you leave, that the school isn't gonna give you . I won't try 
to tell you what it is . 

" But it isn't long hair." 

what an educational experience it isto have some guy with Where We're Head".ng 
a broken head bleed all over your lap and talk to you 
before he croaks . by lolie lewis . 

" 1 read alot about starving children in your paper. I've I think that the front page of Odober 9th'1 Triton 
seen starving children . Their stomachs bloat, and they cry Times in indicative of where we are headinl. 

" It isr,'t very ea! fnr me to talk about myself- no one all the time. It's hard not to walk away from them. I "Tafoya Resignl3rd Collqe Post"-thil seems to be the 
asks me to very much . sometimes wonder how. may of these kids around he~e story of Third Collqe's life. Third Collqe, founded with 

" 1 carIs here in '64 after fifteen years in the Army . I've would throw them their bags of granola an~ organic the idea of becominl a recOlnized academic center for 
worked i" the motor pool, in the back of the cafeteria carrots. I knowl.kept"1ylunch . Someofmybuddles would minority studies, a school offerinl tremendoul op-
down at /viatthews, and in about a half dozen other places . sh?,ot at them I~stead . . portunity, and a lood deal of Itudent plrticipation in the 
Yeah I'rn married. Got three kids. I know one thing, The people With the dough are gonna runninl of a close-knit community, has not come clOH to 

" The " ids here are like the kids everywhere--they spend keep .it. And you .can figure on most o~ th~ kids around here uhievinl ib INIs. If it is not I failure, it il not a success. 
most of their time thinking about themselves. Which is the growing up, getting dough, and keepln~ It. In other words, 'fpoIls WIU Be On Camp .. In November Election", 
way it should be; I'm not complaining . That's what the on,',ya few of you are gonna be worth shit to anybody. "Lobbyiltl Come to UCSD''-Ialt June voter turnout w. 
place is for . I can't imagine a situation where there would So you a~k me ~t>c:>ut my ten years at ucsm Well, you 48 percent, and tharl only 41 percent of the ..... erecf 
be any more easy living and opportunity than there is here, got alot of nice bUildings, alot of smart guys to teach you. voters. UCSD il also fI_kIna out politically. 0ccuI0na1ty 
and if I were going to school, I'd just lap it up. You can just O~, . . . there II a lecture in the Revelle Cafeteria on some 
sit on those bluffs out there or ride on waves and not have Now you might think I got no rliht to say thiS, because I poIitially oriented topic. Somehow the poIltkal 
to think about very much' at all. I just empty your garb~ge fo~ you, but I'm gonna say it prOlraml are never al well attended al 101M of the 

" But I met kids here who can tell me how many people anyway. Whether you re white, black, brown, or yellow, !Cafeteria'i other propa ....... unch and clnner. 
are starving in Bolivia, but who don't really care one way or y?u're eit,her gonna go for .the dou8~, or for that ~Ioat~ "library: No Fees; JUlt FI .... oln" To cut down on the 
the other. Which is funny, because they t alk about it all the kid. And If you go for the kid, you might have to give him 'paper won for library and the calhler'l office, the 
time I hear about these kids being useful to society, or your lunch. libraries initiated a IVltem for rha,.l", "feel" I ...... of 
some such, but I always figured you'd have to start by "There's a whole lot you can get out of this school, but Continued on Pa e 7 L-________ ~~~~~~~~ ______ __ 
Pa,e • Triton Times Oct. 16, 1974 


