
Coop .Meets Today to Vote on Proposal 
by John H. Taylor 

The proposal that would of-
ficially legitimize the Student 
Cooperative as UCSD's student 
government wi II come before 
the Coop tonight for discussion, 
and possibly for a vote to approve 
or disapprove. 

Tonight's meeting, at 6 :30 in 
the Student Center, will be the 
third for the Coop since the 
chool year began . The previous 

two meetings have seen at-
tendance of nearly 100, a number 
not often reached at any 
gatherings of student government 
groups for the past few years. 
Discussion at the meetings has 
been, for the most part, spirited 
and interested. 

The Coop's founderS. among 
them Marco Li Mandri, are 
pleased with the progress of the 
organization, and hope at-
tendance will continue at its 

present rate . 

Li Mandri told the Triton Times 
that tonight's meeting will be "the 
most important so far," in that it 
will decide whether the Coop 
concept and the procedure under 
which the group has operated is 
acceptable to the membership . 
He added that the Coop would 
need a vote to approve before the 
government could operate ef-
fectively . 

He said he hoped other agenda concept . The primary concern for 
items, among them a motion to the framers, given a school that 
approve the report of the Coop had proven itself generally not 
legitimacy committee and a interested in student government 
proposal to ban discussion of as it existed, was accessibility. 
national and international issues, 
be considered secondary until the 
Coop proposal is discussed fully 
and voted upon . 

The Coop was conceived ' last 
year by a group of students who 
wanted to devise a government 
that would be more represen-
tative of student interests and 
concerns than last year's Un-
dergraduate Student Council. The 
Coop is a regulatory, pluralistic 
organ, patterned loosely after the 
New England town meeting 

In addition, throughout this 
week the Coop's budget com-
mittee will hear requests from 
student organizations that have 
registered with the Coop. Times 
and places for these meetings are 
available at the Student Center. 

USlA Has 
. First UCSD 

Meeting 
Fonda and Ellsberg Speak at San Diego State by Renne Schipper Plagued by lacks of student 

interest and of financial support, 
the newly-formed UCSD chapter 
of the United States Committee 
for Justice to Latin American 
Political Prisoners met fo't the first 
time Friday. 

by Mark Woelber 
Activists Daniel Elisberg and 

Jane Fonda, along with' singer 
Holly Neer, appear d last 
Thur day night at Montezuma 
Hall at San Diego State University 

COMMENTARY 
In a rally for the Indochina Peace 
(ampaign . The event served to 
pmphasize how much political 

~ nsibilities have changed in the 
last f w years . 

Th message of both speeches 
was that the industrialists are lust 
dS dangerous, though less visible, 
than ever . In the Sixties and early 
seventies, counter-culture targets 
we re obvious : Johnson and 
Nixon, the military-industrial 
(omplex, police and puppets . To 
act ivi ts , Issues were clear : the 
war, imperialism and genocide, 
repres ion, and racism When the 

Preview -

Daniel ElIsberg 
war end~d, a sense that 
popular struggle had been 
filled what had been 
movement. 

the 
won 
the 

Ellsberg doesn't want us to 

Jane Fonda 
believe anything has been won . 
Ellsberg, still brimming over with 
the latest leaks, can tell us right 
now how the first "white space" 
censorship in American history 

AFT To Push for Bargaining Power 
Francis Halpern, UCSD head 

for the American Federation of 
Teachers (AFT) said Friday that 
the organization's principal goal 
for this year will be the establish-
ment of collective bargaining for 
academic employees. 

The physics professor said that 
one organization bargaining for 
all academic employees would be 
more powerful than several 
smaller ones. 

so Members 
The UCSD chapter of the AFT 

was founded in 1970, about ten 
years after the organization was 
formed . It has about 50 members, 
according to Halpern . Nation-
wide, the AFL-CIO-affiliated 
group has 400,000 members, of 
which 35,000 are at universities 
and <olleges. Halpern said the 
organization was formed to give 
teachers a greater role in 

r-------The CQndidQte~-----., 

Van Camp Campaigns 
by Edward Simons 

Brian Van Camp, Republican 
candidate for Secretary of State, 
Thursday accused Democratic 
candidate March Fong and in-
cumbent Edmund C . Brown, Jr. of 
'grandstanding' on minor issues. 

-

plications of management In 
politics, and answered questions. 
Forty SAM members attended. 
. Van Camp credited Brown with 
increasing the visibility of the 
Secretary of State's office, but 
said the office was now more 
partisan as a result. He added, 
"Brown was ready to publically 
discuss political reform, but as far 
as doing anything about it, you'll 
notice he never brought one case 
to court." Van Camp opposed 
Proposition 9 because he felt ·· it 
cut off another channel of input 
and contributed to an insular 
government. He pointed out that 
the Secretary of State's office 
under Brown had the highest 
turnover of any state office and, 
during his speech later in the 
evening, claimed Brown had built 
up a case backlog of "one 
thousand percent." 

Asked if he had any comments 
on his opponent, he invoked a 
poll taken by the San Francisco 
Examiner in which Fong was 

Van Camp was in San Dteao as voted the least effective member 
the guest of honor at a dinner of the State Assembly. 
held by the Society for the Ad- In addition, Van Camp said he 
v(Sancement of Manalement had declared $9,000 travelinl 

AM)). After the dinner, the . 
candidate spoke on the ap-• Continued on 'ap 7 

academic decision-making. He 
added that the AFT ~ees striking 
as an effective means of 
achieving goals in education . 

The other major teacher's 
association is the National 
Educational Association . The 
major difference between the 
groups is that the AFT is 
associated with a labor union, the 
powerful AFL-CIO. The NEA did 
not become an actual union 
representing teacher interests 
until quile recently. 

Right now a merger of the two 
groups is possible. One of the 
obstacles is the question of who 
would control what would be the 
largest union in America . 

Nebulous Group 
Professor Halpern says an 

argument against one collective 
unit is that it would be hard, if not 
impossible, to present one 
bargaining statement that would 
please the various factions of 
what would be a large, nebulous 
group. Some members favor more 
lite bargaining units, divided by 

campus, with only Academic 
Senate members allowed to join . 

Better communication bet-
ween teachers and state 
legislatures was cited as another 
of the AFT's objectives, said 
Halpern . As of now, lawmakers 
usually only come into contact 
with administration members, 
while teachers ' concerns go 
unnoticed. 

Other goals are more flexible 
and imaginative programs, 
smaller classes, Implementation 
of affirmative action plans, equal 
access to college for all high 
school graduates, and the 
removal of tuition fees . 

Political observers say that with 
a new governor collective 
bargaining should become a 
reality early next year. 

has come about. According to 
Ellsberg a blank page indicates 
the spot where a paragraph in a 
recent book on the CIA was 
deleted. The offending paragraph 
included Henry· Kissinger quoted 
as saying, "I don't see why we 
should allow a country to go 
Marxist becal..se its people are 
irresponsible." Ellsberg believes 
that the real culprits behind 
America's covert wars are getting 
a lot harder to identify . The war in 
South-East Asia he feels goes- on, 
supported by a large con-
centration of American dollars. 
Yet it's harder than ever for Fonda 
and Ellsberg to motivate concern 
for these horrors when "our boys 
are home," domestic problems 
impend, and the real scale of our 
involvement is obscured . 

Now, ironically, Ellsberg and 
Fonda have the problem of 
complete audience agreement to 
contend with . Fonda in particular 
has a gut connection with 
audience expectation and a real 
flair for rhetoric . Though there 
was frequent applause during 
both speeches, each speaker 
received the greatest applause 
simply for stepping up to the 
microphone. It was an overflow 
audience in virtually unanimous 
prior agreement with everything 
that was about to be said . 

Complacency is a primary tool 

Continued on Pale 7 

At that meeting, it was an-
nounced that UCSD Professors 
Francis Halpern, M iguel Mon-
teon, and Carlos Blanco would 
speak at the USLA meeting this 
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in Muir 20. 

Patti I iyama, spokesperson for 
the UCSD chapter of USLA, at-
tributed the lack of student in-
volvement to " a lack of 
knowledge of what's going on in 
Chile." Although the coup in 
which former Chilian President 
Allende was overthrown took 
place over one year ago, con-
ditions remain oppressive. Ac-
cording to liyama, USLA at 
UCSD, aside from being con-
cerned with the fact that there are 
still between 10,000 and 12,000 
political prisoners in Chile and 
that there exists a ban on all trade 
unions and political parties, is 
outraged at the manner in which 
the educational system is being 
run . The Uniyersity of Chile, run 
by a general , has restrirted its 
curriculum to the acquisition of 
technological and militaristic 
skills. Furthermore, USLA regards 
the fact that UCSD has been 
running an exchange program 
with the University of Chile as 
indicating complicity with the 
Chilean junta. 

ACE Will Meet in SD 
The Chancellor is expected to 

attend this week's meeting of 
the American Council on 
Education in San Diego. 

The theme for the 57th annual 
meeting, to begin Wednesday at 
the Town and Country con-
vention center, is "The Search 
for Alternatives." Among the 
speakers and panel members for 
the event will be former At-
torney General Eli'iot Richard-
son, who was fired from that 
post by former President Nixon 
after refusing to fire Archibald 
Cox as special Watergate 
prosecutor, 

Future Problems 
The board consists of high 

level educators and policy 
makers throughout the country 
who analyze present 
educational policies in the light 
of social changes and an-
ticipated future problems. The 
organization reviews present 
systems and decides whether 
those systems can sufficiently 
deal with. the public's changing 

n~s in education . If the 
present systems cannot make 
the necessary changes, the 
ICouncil attempts to generate 
ideas for new ones. 

Roger W Heyns, the 
president of the Council has 
described the group's purpose, 
"The mid-1970's represent the 

Wil/i4I1I McEJroy 
critical stage of planning tor 
post-secondary education in the 
last quarter of the twentieth 
cen~ury . This planning must be 
carr ed out in the context of the 
shifting social conditions which 
will,)blige education leaders to 
mah some difficult choices ... ln 
light of the growing complexity 
"f r,,':r\, "lalr i ,,:: ,,... r"st-
secondary education, it is 
crucial that national, state, and 
institutional decISlor.~ be 
formulated on the basis 01 a 
areful consideration of the 

forces at work (financial, 
management problems) in ow 

contiftued .. '''' 2 



The Hopi 
The road from Winslow. 

is lined with faded 
Earl Warren' and 'Get 

of UN' signs. It is Hlgh-
the southwest's gritty 

main dotted with diversions 
(usually costly ones) designed to 
make sure every family returning 
home from the Grand Canyon 
does so bearing an ashtray. with a 
picture of a roadrunner in three 
colors. 

As you turn north from 66. and 
enter the Navajo Indian Reser-
vation. you notice. first. that the 
Navajo don't build billboards on 
their land. 

by: John H. Taylor 

Approaching the reservation from the west. through ' Tuba City. we 
noticed a small . wooden sign announcing 'Dinosaur Tracks. 500 feet' . 
"Why not?". we said . 

Along the path to the tracks were four or five lean-tos. under which 
sat Navajo women and children. with jewelry arranged on woven rugs 
in front of them . Whenever a carload arrived. one of the children 
would meet the group and guide them to the tracks. The girl who met 
us was Charlotte. 

"They're real ." she said. 
I looked. " Uh-huh ." 
" No. really ." Why should she argue further? I believed her. 
None of the children compelled anyone to approach the jewelry 

displays. but no one could resist. 
The accepted notion is that Navajo jewelry consists primarily of 

silver and turquoise. However. Charlotte had. using beads and safety 
pins. created a necklace. The pieces were connected to one another so 
intricately that it was not immediately apparent it was constructed of 
anything but silver. At five bucks. a steal. 

The Hopi live on a small triangle of land surrounded by a Navajo-
Hopi joint use area. which is in turn surrounded by the massive Navajo 
reservation . This proximity is only physical-the Hopi and Navajo are 
separate and distinct in lifestyle. language and belief 

The Hopi Villages are built on three majestic mesas that jut up from 
the floor of the desert The Hopi religion puts Oraibi. the oldest village. 
at the center of the world. with sacred areas. extending. according to 
Hopi traditionalist leaders. as far as Taos. New Mexico to the ast. 
north to Black Mesa and r our Corners. and south far Into avajo land 

Although the rel igion IS too intricate to explain here. let me give an 
example. 

There is a desert flower. the Meha. that is known for its ability to 
grow back quickly when cut at the stem . It IS represented in Hopi 
symbology by a swastika . 

Before World War I. the Meha kachina danced In the plaza at Oraibi 
during a ceremony . It danced again before World War II . and was 
jOined in the plaza by the kachina that symbolized a red sun rising in 
the east. The dance was before the invasion of Poland. and hence long 
before Pearl Harbor . 

Of course. no one listened. and it doesn't really matter. The plan has 
been set. 

The Hopi see the day of judgement in the near future . and they say 
we will be judged by men dressed in red . Symbolically. of course. 

The Hopi traditionalists are the spiritual core of the part of the tribe 
that chooses to remain on the reservation . Th y have as their lob to 
assure that one Hopi has remained faithful when the day of judgt>m('nt 
comes. Since implicit in that faithfulness is the protection of thp HopI 
·s'nrines. the HopI are forced Into the political arena. It IS not an l 'a~y 
job for a group of men and women not particularly well -acqualntt·d 
with Intere5t group politics 

, 

The Navalo and HopI found themselves with common interests 
recently when a bill to divide the joint-use land between the' two tribE'S 
came before the House. The Hopi felt the division would upset their 
shrines. while the Navajo. a nomadic tribe that sett led around the Hopi 
and that uses most of the joint-use area now. would have 9.000 of their 
people displaced. 

Although few of the Hopi or Navajo have any interest in politics. a 
lawyer from Tuba City gave them a crash course in lobbying. and they 
took two buses to Washington to work against the bill. They won (The 
measure was supported by Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater. a self-
styled 'Friend of the Indian .' No one we talked to ever remem bers 
seeing the Senator on the reservation .) , 

That bill was defeated. but the Hopi have other problems The Hopi 
Tribal Council. elected by a small percentage of the tribe and not 
representative of ' any traditionalist int'?rests. last summer authorllecl 
the :Julldozing and rebuilding of a village's 200-year-old kiva. This act. 
to t, Hopi. would be somewhat equivalent to tearing clown West-
min;tt!r Abbey and replacing it with a drive-In church 

A lSO. an Ar izona utilities company wants to build a generating plant 
at FJ4r Corners. and the Tribal Council has signed a contract that will 
allcwa coal company to strip mine Black mesa. The trib will receive 
ten c,pnt< " tnn for the coal. 

T1e Sierra Club opposes both tlit!s ;lctlons for ecological reasons. 
The Hopi fear for the spiritual future of mankind . 

Or ibi is the oldest continuously populated settlement in North 
A.merica. We were lucky to be allowed in; whites have been banned 
from thp village because they like to dig up graves for souvenirs. 

I I nine-year--old girl from one of the families we visited took me 
outside to help her water the corn in her father's small back yard. We 
had to do it in a very careful way. almost religiously . There was 
something in the girl's spirit. in the way she watered these living things 
that seemed to set her apart. (What was I doing at her age? Shooting 
plastic guns at my friends?) 

I could've questioned the girl more. had I felt more sur of myself. 
But her nat\Jre was a littl threatening to me. so I left and went down 
the road to the motel the Hopi provide for visitors Where they wrap the 
drinking glassE's In waxed paper • 
Pale 2 Triton Times October 7, 1974 

David Cassitiywill compile this colllm" ewry 
jOllr isslles for Thira CoOege. Material for the 
colllm" shollia be airectetito him ca~ of this 
newspaper. We reserve Ihe righl 10 choose 
whalto print. ana to eail whal we ao pn·"I. 

The philosophies behind Third College are what 
makes it unique. Third College functions for the 
students. and the students function for Third 
College. which creates an atomosphere of 
academic strength. accented by cutural and social 

The Third Reporter 
lineament. 

A feature devoted exclusively 
to announcements and events 
concerninl Third Collqe. 

A~'sociale City Eailor Cassiay's i"troallclory 
column follows: 

In the beginning. a new college was thought of 
for UCSD. a college of history. As fate had its way. 
or should I say as people of color began to push 
for a higher education and a position 10 society. 
Lumumba-Zapata demands were written and 
Third College created. 

One of the finest qualities of Third is the stress 
on academic e~cellence. technical competence 
with a social awareness. This enhances and 
enriches the student mentally and socially. 

BSC along with MAYA (now BSU and MECHA) 
dedicated a college to the education of people of 
color and those underserved by society and the 
university systems. 

I challenge Muir. Revelle. and Fourth College to 
adopt a similar philosophy. one that will develop 
a student efficient in areas that determine the 
quality of life +Or everyone. not in areas of per-
sonal or capita list gain . 

Third College is an institution within an in-
stitution as are Muir. Revelle and Fourth College. 

rhere is no difference in academics here at 
Third . We are just as competent as Muir. Revelle 
and Fourth . We promote our students. not our 
name. 

ACE to Meet in San Diego 
Continued from Page 1 

ociety . This complexity must 
not obscure' the central goal of 
providing high -quality 
educational programs through a 
diverse system that oilers equal 
access to all ci tizens " 

Panel Sessions 
The Council will discuss ItS 

ideas in the context of a series of 
panel sessions that will run from 
Wednesday through Friday of 
this week . 

Continued on Page 7 

r 

New Course 

Great news from San Diego Transit! We're using our new, 
orange mini-buses to create a new route for you. Made by 
Mercedes-Benz. each of these little buses will seat 20. This 
isn't a required course. but it's one many of you will want to 
take! Tuition is low [2Sc each time you sit in) and you don't 
have to worry about the grade. Meets rqularlv at UCSD and 
Fashion Valley. as well as Sorrento Valley . You COIn drop in 
anyti me or siln up for a S10-a-month Saverpass. Offered by 
San Diego Transit's Action Plan '74. Call 239-8]61 for 
complete information. 

INFORMATION 
239-8161 
,,.. .................. .", .. "." 
... . ' ....... ,1 ... "1. •• _ .... 
..... II<o_W .......... .. _., .• • 
........ , ......... , ...... ,. 
.1" .... ' .............. 4. ..... .... 
k ..... _.I_H..I_. N.."_'_I_,._ 
• , .• I ....... ' ..... 'ieoll4. . .... Ca4 
_ ..... 1.' ..... ''"' .... 1 .. _ ,-...... ,-_ .... . 
,.-... '_1_' ......... . 
, .... c •.• _ . 

_eN! WTRANSFER POINT C/~ ._, 
0< Of .,00 

G()'Ie,(lfII) \0 •••.• ~ 
,"o.,J.·· \ . . 

-~.'!i. .. ~. 
.---------------------------~--------------~ 

BEt 
BEST 
BUY 
Right from the start, you 
knew Tampax tampons 
were your best bet. They're 
the only tampons to come 
in three absorbency-sizes. 
Regular, Super and. 
exclusive Junior - to help 
young girls get started. 

Tam pax tampons always 
keep you feeling fresh, 
clean and comfortable. 
And you always feel secure, 
too, because you 
know they're softly 
compressed fm the 
best absorption. You like 
the assurance that nothing 
shows when you wear them 
and that you can't feel them. 
You carry them discreetly. 
You dispose of them easily. 
You know that they're your 
best bet when you're 
buyi ng sanitary protection. 

But did you know 
Tampax tampons were also 
your best buy? They come 
in economical packages of 
1 O's and 40's, yet cost 
about the same as other 
brands that package 
8's and 30's. 

Tam pax tampons are 
your best bet. And they're 
also your best buy. 
n.I ....... pn.ullan __ 1NII 

Alice With Malice 
Photo: Rich.rd A~.don 

Alice In Wonde~8nd 
.The Manhattan ~roject presents " Alice In Wonderland" Saturday 

night •. October 12 In the Gymnasium at 8:30 pm . It is a significant 
American theatre event of the last decade. representing all that is 
best in environmental theatre. 

The play is produced under a parachute which creates a 
claustrophobic environment. has a Mad Hatter who is really mad. 
Violence 10 the lagged edges af an umbrella. and madness in the 
dormouse' ~ freneti~ feet . Alice in her wonderland is the story of our 
lives. our Simple tWisted efforts to equate with a hostile world . 

The actor's entire performing mechanism is united with the word . 
Thebody speaks with its own mystery . It never explains itself. The 
audience must guess. like Alice confronting the wierdness of her 
new world. the meaning of its silent language. It is impossible to 
simply focus on orie stage picture and get everything at first 
viewing . 

According to the New York Times."Everyone in New York mildly 
Interested In the theater. or with similar pretensions to nourish is 
go ing to be fighting for seats. There is probably going to be bl~ 
found outside the box office ." 

Tickets for a limited house are $2.00 for U.C.S.D. Student and 
Genera l Admission S3.00. They may be purchased between Noon 
and 4:30 pm. Tuesday through Friday at the Central Box Office in 
the Student Center. Call 452-4092 for information . 

Indian Dancer 
Teaches 

Master Class 
Astad Deboo. Classical Indian 

Dancer. will be instructing a 
Master Class In Dance on Friday 
October 11. frorT' 1-3 p.m. in the 
North Balcony of the Main Gym 

Sin e age six. Astad has been 
mastering thp art of Classical 
Indian Dance and has recently 
studied various techniques in 
modern and jazz. He began hiS 
travels around the world . five 
years ago. after gaining a degree 
In Economics at the University of 
India . To date he has danced in 
17 different countr'ies and on 16 
different television networks 
around the world . 

Th e dance movements are very 
expressive and in most of the 
Indian styles the dancer must be 
able to match h.is body 
movements with facial ex-
pressions . One of Astad 's 
favourite styles . Kathak . 
highlights different foot 
movements. and these too must 
be co-ordinated with facial ex-
pressions. The art of Indian 
Classical dance is very com-
plicated. There are six main styles 
and a good dancer must be 
proficient in all of them . 

The class is open to the UCSD 
community. Those planning to 
attend should wear comfortable 
attire such as leotards and tights. 
No admission charge. 

Experiment~ Theatre FiInl Series 
Recently. the theatre has 

undergone profound changes. 
Many of these changes - the 
emphasis on non -verbal ex-
press ion , ritual. and nudity - are 
the outgrowth of work done by a 
few experimental theatre groups. 

The Unicorn Theatre in La Jolla 
IS pre enting filmed records of 
four of the finest of these groups 
on four consecutive Wednesdays 
during October. 

October 9: The series begins 
with the San Diego Premiere of 
Jerry Grotowski's masterpiece. 
Akropolis. performed by the 
Polish Laboratory. Akropolis is set 
10 a Nali Extermination camp and 
Pxp lores what happens to human 
beings exposed to total violence . 
Grotowski's unique mpntage of 
Western Mythology and con· 
centration camp reality produces 
a bizarre sequence of scenes 
which build to a shocking non-
verbal clima~ . A shorter film 
Mime Over Matter is included 

O ctober 16 : The Living 
Theatre's If I could Turn You On 
and Paradise Now are next in the 
series . The Living Theatre is the 
oldest. most political and most 
controversial of the worlds ex-
perimental theatre groups. If I 
Could Turn You On is a collage of 
scenes from four of their most 
provocative works (Mysteries. 
Frank.enstein. Antigone. and 
Paradise Now). Paradise Now is 
the company's highly mystical 
scenario for non-violent 
revolution which ends with the 
actors leading the audience (in 
various states of undress) into 
"the streets."Short Film: In Search 
Of A Cool Place, depicti"1 Ken 
Kesey's merry wanderers . 
. October 23: The third proaram 
Includes Dionysius In 69, an 
adaptation of Euripides' The 
Bacchae. Althouah some 
members of the audience may 
find the complete nudity of- ' 

fensive. The Performance Group's , October 30: The final film is 
acrobatic moves and cleverly the Open Theatre's The Serpent. 
orchestrated vocal sounds This highly theatrical work 
dramatically convey the examines the fall of Man ac-
horrifying price a society pays for cording to Genesis and explores 
suppressing human sexuality . the effect of bibical themes on 
Short film : The Yippie Invasion . continued on pale 7 

a ~ 

., 9 Doell ..... ~ ,,,I' 
~ ~ WaTIOII ~ ~ 

....•....... ............................... . ........ , .. 

~ 
_ ..... : .a-
M AN/»tJ 5"'-. • ... ", 
,... ... /I_I.~ 

.......... /----~ 0.../ ... c.IIitt AR. 

....... / ....... "..... 
an,.. .... c../Elc.;.-.. ~ 

.......... _ ...... MM 

...... 1 ... ...... 
.~ ...... .. 
.... 1._ 

_. 

.'nDl ... 
.... ....,., .... -

M.F.A. Directors Hold Aud itions 
A.Jditlons fortwo one-act plays to be stageaby student di,ectors in 

U C S D 's new M .FA. program 10 Drama will be held this Wednesday 
at 7 '00 pm In room 409 Mathews Campus. 

Peter Klein. director of Leonce and lena by Georg Buchner 
describes the piece as " thf satyr play to Dandon's Death . a crisp: 
pungent comedy streaked with nihilism. Up-i!nding the rational and 
the romantic. Buchner rances their pretensions and dances on 
fatalism's volcanic rim ." 

Leonce and Lena will employ mime. dance. and music. require a 
cast of three to five women and five to seven men. Women 
auditioning should prepare a brief ballad . 

Music and movement will also playa large part in The Condemned 
Man 's Bicycle by Fernando Arrabal. Director Frank Condon sees the 
playas requiring a cast who can interpret Arrabal's " magical" and 
"dream-like" world . Dancers as well as actors are invited to audition . 

Auditions for both plays will be held in room 409 with callbacks 
scheduled for Thursday at 7 .00 pm . 

Museum Briefs #2: by G.l}e.rr 

GrALLBBT 8 
It turns out we have our own micro-miniature British Museum or 

Louvre right here on campus at the International Center;where five 
days a week. Tuesday through Saturday. 11-3 anyone can go and 
browse around. It's called Gallery 8. and if you expect to see pain-
tings on the wall you're going to be disappointed. It's strictly crafts, 
and 10 thiS way I think it makes a larger statement about the world we 
live in. because craftsmanship seems to be an essential element of 
society whether it be in the building of spaceships. jewelry. or even 
campus architecture. 

The I~ter~at.ional Center its~lf was built in startling contrast to say. 
the MUIr bUildlOgs. where MUir students describe the architecture as 
everything from downright bizarre to a city of the future gone astray. 
But in Gallery 8 traces - of sensuousness and sensibilities are 
discovered that point out alternatives to the sterilities of space-age 
fantasies consisting of large masses of gray on gray. 

Ttie gallery holds such fascinations as little woodworkings from 
Bali . an American Indian head dress from Oakland California and 
assortments of trinkets that will amaze the students at UCSD. 

October 11 at 7:30 PM a special three day exhibit called "Many 
Forms of Wood and Jewelry" will commence with the showing of a 
short film about an internationally-noted woodworker. Sam Maloof. 
whose works have been shown in many museums. including the 
Smithsonian and the Pasadena Art Museum. Twenty-seven other 
well-known men and women craftsmen will display their handicrafts 
which will include American woodworks and jewelry. museum 
pieces. toys. furniture. and macrame. 

Though all the crafts in the exhibition are for sale. Gallery 8 is a 
non-profit organization run primarily by faculty wives. and the funds 
they raise go towards advancing the International Center . 

o 

l 

"Brautigan 
· s good for you." 

- llrlll''' Cmk . rlw Xu,jllll(/l 0/''''11 (!I 
" lIe lllakc' "lIlIC of u~ feci he's 

found a bettcr ;1I1~wcr to 
hcill).! ali\L~ here and 
111m than II c h:l\c." 

- \1I;ll lllc Srmard. 
TI,(' .\'<!u: ) ')lk 

Tim('.~ 

RICHAR 
BRAU'fIGAN 
Ha~line 
Monster 

A Gothic Western 

The IOIlA-a\\ ai tecllllajor work of 
fictioll fmlll the :llItl.or 
of Tmlll Fishi'llof ill 
.-\ ",erim .md. lUll»! 
reccntly. Thll 
.""mflion :md Rel'(!HKC 
,,{ IIII' Lou'n 

~ \ l1 ... k.,I·,""·M,.,lh ./!. Clllh All.',,, .. ,,, r ~ ~dctf"ut S;;.9j • SIMON AND SCHUSTER 
.... ] Triton TIIMS 0ct0IIer 7, ,,,. 



Liberal' Press On Chile: 
pringtime of Righteousness" 

. 8Y 11M KAVANACH 

Chil~ is a spectre that now haunts the conscience of liberal 
America. Suddenly we find liberal politicians and the liberal press 
c1uckin. over CIA excesses, KissinRer's evasions. and Gerald Ford's 
blunt ~ of the whole sordid ,ness. In the wake of 
Waterpte. the media and the Democrats are reveilinR in a sprinlti~ ~ 
of riahteOu5nfts. Ah. but where are the snows of yesteryearr Long ago 
and far away. I seem to remember some irresponsible voices on. the 
radical left talkina about American imperialism in Chile, and indeed. 
throughout Latin America. I also seem to remember dorumentation 
(thro .. h North Am';can Conaress on Latin America and other 
groups) and denunciation of covert American attempts to formen 
unrest, and finally, to instillate a coup in Chile. At that time. when 
protest and pressure might have had some real effect, what did OUI 
fearless investiaative journals and concerned politicians have to say~ 
Well, heaven forbid any of them should have followed up on an 
anlysis basecf. on such hopelessly outmoded concepts as "im~ 
perialism" (.lO's rhetoric. you know). No. rather there were breast-
beating editorials in all the most liberal and prestigious media about 
what a shame it was what was happening in Chile. but what could 
you .e~pect when some silly Marxist takes power and creates all kinds 
of economic dislocations and hardships for the middle-class (hard-
ships for the middle-class-that was the clincher). and so it was all 
really Allende's own fault anyway. In short. it was the liberal media 
which was responsible for thecover-upof this mess when it counted . 
(There were some exceptions here. expeciallv in reports .~y individual 
journalists. but always one story was cancelled out by the next week's 
dispatch, or entirely negated by the positions taken on the editorial 
page. Balanced jour,-"alism, at all costs.) 

II ... _ NIUC'f-I974 

~ut now comes the dawn, and the liberal center finds out what the 
radical left knew (and had been saying) all along. Namely, that all the 
economic dislocation and social unrest we saw in Chile during 
Allende's last days was due not the inn efficient mismangement of a 
bungling socialism, but to the calculated machinations of a ruthless 
capitalism . But still , you can bet that the liberal center will put up 
more of a resistance to such a description of these events than they 
did to the events themselves. Any formulation which attempts to put 
the 'Chilean events in the context of a " ruthless capitalism" will be 
ignored by the opinion makers as rhetorical excess, and the familiar 
demonology of power-hungry individuals and runaway bureaucracy 
will be conjured up and exorcised through a series of committee 
hearings and token reforms . 

So the spectre' of Chile will fade away. But there are other, more 
frightening and persistent spectres which will not. One of these is the 
spectre of the Third World in general. What will be the political effect 
of creeping famine and raging inflation on the underdeveloped 
countries of the " Free World" ? Will we see more attempts at creating 
commodity producers' cartels? Will the socialist and communist left 
(which is a real force every place else but in the United States) in-
crease in militancy and mass strength? Will the next focus of CIA 
activity and liberal concern be Venezuela? Portugal? Iraq? Yemen? 
After Vietnam, what options are open to American reaction? How 
many Chiles can even the U.S. afford? What comes after the post-war 
Pax Americana? Th is, of course, is what is really at stake in Kiss inger's 
global hopscotch. 

Jim Kavanagh is a UCSD 
g!aduate student in Literature. 

triton times 
Editor 

Malcolm Smith 

Millnillginl Editor 
I Edward Simons 

City Editor 
John Taylor 

Copy Editor 
JOOI MtlOdy 

Business Milinililfl 
Mike Robinson 

Eclitoo.l Director 
Charles Heimler 

Secretary 

Arts Editor 
larry Deckel 

Sports Editor 
Kirk Robinson 

Science Editor 
John Snodgrass 

Ph'otography Eel: tors 
Tad Sperry 
Howard Erlanger 

Assoc. City Editor 
David Cassidy 
Val ri e Girard 
James G. Soto 
Mark Woelber 

Kathy Coxe 
The TIIITON TIMES Ie officially recll1lnlzed ... Itudent _ ...... r 
by the Communleetlon .... rd of tloe Unlv;"ltv of C.llfornlA, IIIn 
0,"0.lII0I7. l"ubleetlon Ie on Mond.y •. WedneecNYI, .nd FrId.ye. 
0ffIeea ... Ioeeted In lloom 117 .• lAke H.II. II ..... 1e C_ua. For 
"""' .. "., "'" IIhoM .... or 412·"': for edltotlel 0, 
_,II!eAMllho ......... L_. to the Ed"or .,. w .. co_ .nd 
"""'lei'" .......... nd tv_ on ... _11 .... 

Pale 4 Triton Times Octobe, 7, 1974 

Hairstyles Indicativ~ 
The New· Astronaut May 
His Member Turn Limp 

IY lEX PICKETT 
One no lon&er expects com~ssion; nor 

imagination either for that matter. One expects 
biology and with it the concomitant urge toward 
opacity. One does not look around h,is wanderin&-
lost contemporaries and see the divine rap- , 
prochement; he sees instead a frightened alteration 
which derives out of a collective paranoia of war-
like institutions. The lobotomy is near completion . 
The fromal lobes are almost entirely wired to the 
American desire; and the body is obeying ac-
cordingly. the great menace, ideologically shaken 
off in the sixties, has returned, and its 
phenomenology goes quite beyond mere liberal 
blitherings. While I write this the cement is 
catalyzing, hardening, making it more and more 
difficult for one to avoid. . 

let us do an analysis on the I')ew hairstyle in order 
to sharpen the point since general indifference has 
left us with little to grasp onto for real criticism. 

Onceit was wild and free and fecund with life, 
pushing outward against everything, falling ob-
noxiously and disheveled everywhere, stirring up 
reproach and contempt wherever the person went . 

Now it is styled, shaped tilted, curled, functional. 
It has purpose, direction, rising and falling in the 
exact spots desired. It's even getting shorter, 
clipped tightly and plastically around the ears, over 
the collar, out of one's eyeS. It rarely moves, it is 
short all around. It is a perfect castration and men 
and women alike have bought it with good 01' 
American zeal. Ten dollars for the new look of the 
early seventies is certainly peanuts for an entire 
personality change. But what exactly is this changer 

There is nothing new. The facade has broken 
down . The ideology has been conveniently sub-
verted . The new look symbolically promises 
professionalism in the guise of idiots like Ralph 
Nader, Sam Ervin, leon Jaworski, and other sup-
posed favorites of the up and coming student 
generations. 

(lest you think I am drawing conclusions from 
such a disparate and superficial source as hair styles 

then it would behoove you to examine the ex-
pressed correlation . I admit there are exceptions, 
individual exceptions, but I am looking at at-
mospheric trends, and the trend here is undeniable, 
and, sadly, irretrievable.) 

This is an era where you expect an agent to 
muscle through your front door and shake you 
down because there was a scandillous report cir-
'culating that you were performing cunilingus on a 
woman you were't married t~r ~ethirJa eq'!,ally 
absurd. Yet, the odd, and absolutely frightening 
thing about this menace is that this new at-
mospheriC trend is assisting in pushing it into full-
fledged existence. The competitive push towards 
professionalism requires a modicum of security, 
e.g. policing. The atmosphere of the collective 
personality spawns these fascist grubworms. 

I call the new ~rsonality : The Astronaut 
Mentality. It is slick, it is haggar knits and 914 
Porsches, it is science (rationalism) and tennis and 
the upcoming MCAT's, it is a good job and an 
impressive lover, it is straight A's and nostalgia, it is 
turquoise jewelry and Irish Setters: It is disgusting 
and disappointing. We have come full circle to the 
Eisenhower fifties . Instead of broken windows and 
activist groups, the transmutation has given us willy 
nilly : Jesus FreakS and ' competitive majors, most 
of whom are cretins, dull and I'Jdicrously im-
portunate. 

The new look exhibits a clipping of desire in its 
most perverse and wildest manifestations. 

The back lobes of the brain are going. The new 
look meanwhile promises a false way out. The new 
look ensures us that the youth are in their 
respective capsules, checking the control panel, 
unaware of their sudden transmogrification into 
Rhesus monkeys. 

The New Astronaut is about to blast off ! May his 
member turn perenniallv limo from the explo~ion . 

Rex Pickett is a UCSD student. 

Letters to the Editor 
The T n'lon Times welcomes expressio"s of all viewpoints from readers. Lellers should be k.ep, · 

as bn't/ as possible and typed on a 6J·spttce line. They must include signattlre and local address. 
Please send 10: LEITERS TO THE EDITOR, TRITON TIMES, 117 BLAKE HALL, UCSD, LA 
JOLLA. CA 92037. 

. Precedent For UC Funded Bus 
I have to disagree with Joni Moody on the 

University's support of the Coast Cruiser (Triton 
Times, Oct. 2) . There is plenty of precedent on this 
campus for free or cheap transportation-back in 
the Good Old Days there was a free bus that ran 
from Matthews to Revelle, down Scripps Grade to 
510 and then through the Shores to Torrey Pines 
and back to campus. On weekends, when there was 
was limited or nonexistent c ity bus service, the 
UCSD bus ran all the way to the Unicorn, with the 
iast hom('ward run around midnight . Even now the 
University pays the city transit system to provide 
fr e transportation eetween upper ampus and 
Scr ipps-any student or staff member can ride free 

b¥ showing a current ID. 
In light of this history of UCSD-sponsored 

transportation, failure to sponsor the Coast Cruiser 
seems inconsistent. The Coast Cruiser is., granted, 
expensive to operate; so charge students ten or 
even fifteen cents, and us rich staff types a quarter. 
The Cruiser will never show a profit, unless they 
price themselv s right out of the student market. 
The University may not be very rich this year, but 
they have a lot more money than the students and 
should spend as much as they can on the Cruiser. 

Matt Hinton 
S&E library 

Cultivators Please Sit, Tight -
It has b en called to my att ntion that two arrests 

of UCSD students were made last week . Both m-
volved marijuana cultivation . One of the arrests 
was made by nine undercover agents upon six 
students. The agents, who had a search warrant, 
were waiting at a Del Mar residence for the arrival 
of its occupants. 

In both of these arrests, the agents (guised in long 
hair, T-shirts, jeans and Adidas knew exact 
of cultivation because It was denoted in their 
warrants. Police are not always your friends. It 
seems that they use such practices as plea-
bargaining, legal extorsion, and payoffs to obtain 

information . There are NARCS on CAMPUS. 

Beware of people you don't know in matters 
where grass IS concerned. Beware ot people you do 
know. In the North County area especially, cuf-off 
open view (if not aH) cultivation . The students who 
got busted are facing felony charges. Who can say, 
perhaps their charges will be reduced for narking on 
you. Don't let the two arrests of last week multiply. 
Sit tight for awhile. 

Ron Migdal 

more letters next page_ 

More Letters ... 
' 1 

Another Modest Proposal 
After reading the Co{)P's modest proposal, I can 

only be moved to forward the following modest 
proposal: WHEREAS, the C(H)P is right in thinking 
that no student should be forced to participate in a 
student aovernment against his will, and 
WHEREAS. the CO-OP controls monies extorted by 
the Chanc::ellor under pain of not being allowed to 

-

enroll at UCSD, THEREFORE the CO-OP should 
demonstrate its good will and adherence to its 
founding philosophy of voluntary participation by 
immediately refunding all such ill-gotten monies 
directly to the students. 

John Read 

'Irate Over Parking Space 
Now that the new school year has begun and 

those in charge of last year's paper have been 
replaced and/or altered, is the paper going to be a 
conservative McElroy-controlled instrument1 

Your first paper boasted of increased enrollment 
and a fine new monstrous building . Truly you 
seemed to be applauding the administration . But 
what of the fate of those who must com mote? As 
you boast of buildings, we commuters are pulling 
our hair out trying to find some place to park . The 
student population living on campus fills up part of 
the student parkiJ)g lots . The new buildings sit on 
the sites of past parking lots, and the new con-
struction blocks out even more areas. It's fine to 
have a large campus, but when one comes as late as 
8:30 a.m. one might as well park in Torrey Pines or 

Del Mar. Buses do not run the path of the majority 
of commuters. 

As the voice of the commuting students: it is your 
responsibility to pressure the administration to 
provide more parking space. Continually the 
existing areas are turned over to "A" and "B" 
parking, while the "S's" are all but pushed into the 
ocean . This has to stop. I'm already sick of coming 
to school at 7:00 a.m. to be at class at 10:00, after 
driving forty miles. Do something. As the parking 
lots are surrendered to a paid personnel , those who 
pay are ignored, harressed by tickets, and made to 
walk hither and yon between campuses because it's 
disaster to unglue themselves from the spaces they 
found at 7:00 a.m. to park clos r to classes on other 
campuses . Do something! 

John E. Gawali s 

Three-a~Week TT Inflationary 
Your newspaper should have definitely sent a 

representative to President Ford's economic 
summit on inflation because the staff of the Triton 
Times really knows how to deal with inflation . For 
example, to remedy exponentially rising demand 
for paper, which causes shortage of newsprint, 
leading to inflation and clearcutting of the national 
forests, our own journalistic fools print three Issues 
a week instead of ;ne or two. Then , to ease the 
plOch on students' pocket books, the TT increases 
the cost of ads to 25 cents 

When rapid changes in the social , econom ic, and 
politi cal cl imate of the world and nation call for 
journalist quality, not quantity, our journal isti c 
diSC iples of Adam Smith and Keynes produce not 
one, not two but three shitty papers a week. But 
what I really like about the Triton Times is that I 
never have to go very far to find one to read . All 
you have to do is sit on the quad and one will blow 
by you in a matter of seconds. Let it go or pick It up 
and throw It away. You won't miss much. 

Joel Balbr in 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
: Important Notice :: ' 
• • • 
• Concerning Box Office • 
• • 
• Poficy for Campus • 
• • 
: Program Board Events : ' 
• To purchase tickets: At time of Event : • 
• "dvance Sales - 60)( Office Movie Tickets at Box Office • 
• Open Noon - 4 :30 Gym Events at Box Office • 
• Tuesday through Friday. Revelle Cafeteria Programs at • 
• Closed Mondays. the door. • 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

SELF PSYCHOTHERAPY 
a new boek by Albert Steillkir_., M.D. 

shows how to 
resolve hang-ups 

by yourself 
$1.95 at BOOK STORES 

Aquin Publishing Co., 1608 Pacific Ave., 
Venice, Ca. 90291 

We've got a.plan 
to make your banking easier. 

The Col ... Plane 
WhSlt we've got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col-
lege students. We ' call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account. 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month. (Free during 
June, July and August.) You get 
monthly statements. And the account 
stays open through the summer even h 
with a zero balance, so you don't /A 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fall. 
Penonallzed College Plan Checks 
are included at a very low cost. SceniC 
other style checks for a little more. 
BankAmericard~ Next, if you're a qualified student 
sophomore standing or higher, yo\.J can alsO'· get 
BankAmelicard. Use it for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Con-
servative credit limits help you start building a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

avoid bounced checks, by covering 
all your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan~ and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 
any of our Student Loan 

Offices. 
Accounts. All 

our plans provide easy 
ways to save up for holi-

days and vacations. 
Student Represent-
atives. Finally, the Col-

lege Plan gives you individual 
help with your bankin~ problems. 

Usually students or r~cent gradu-
ates themselves, our Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

Now that you know whats included. why 
not drop on~of our college offiCes, n I~~l your ;:)tuclem 
Rep, and get in our College Plan. It'll make your banking a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college m 
students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA 
'. 5 T ..... 'IIMI 0daIter 7, 197. 



• 

VI om in E mo'y Slow Aging 
V' E-hailed by some as a panacea for the 

body's m. and damned by others as worthless-has 
been shown In new research at the University of 
California to stop the normal aging process In 
laborat(4'y-cultured human cells . 

Dr. lister Packer, professor of physiology at UC 
Berkeley, and a senior researcher in the lawrence 
Berkeley laboratory Energy and Environment 
Division, has been studying the effects of vitamin E 
(properly called tocopherol) on embryonic human 
lung cells for two years, to test a theory on the 
mechanism of cellular aging. 

Much of his work has been conductI'o with an 
associate, Dr. James R. Smith, a research physiolgist 
at UC and the Veterans Administration Physiology 
Research laboratory in Martinez, California, which 
Packer heads. Their findings will be publ1shed in 
the Proceedings of the National Academy of 
Sciences. 

Most normal cells in culture have a definite 
lifespan. The human lung cells used in this study 
will divide and reproduce an average of 50 times 
before .thev die. 

With the ad~ition of vitamin E, however, 
Professor Packer has cultured cells to more than 
120 population doublings, at which time they are 
still actively dividing and appear young. Fur-
thermore, the cells are completely normal , ac-
cording to very specific international research 
criteria . 

The vitamin E results bear heavily on current 
speculation as to the processes of cellular aging, in 
culture and io the body. Many experts have 
favored the 'biological clock' theory-that cells have 
a set lifespan and die around the 50th population 
doubling in culture. This model has some validity in 
the body, because when human skin samples are 
studies in the laboratory there is an inverse 
relationship between the age of the donor and the 
number of divisions the cells will undergo in 
culture. Therefore, it might be that an old body has 
mostly old cells. 

But Packer feels that cell death is not 
predetermined; rather, it is influenced by com-

pounds called tree radicals that combine to form 
such large Insoluble molecules that the cells 
become clogged. 

Free radicals are substances which, because they 
posses an unpaired electron, react with other 
mole ules readily . Environmental pollution 
markedly increases the body's concentrations, of 
free radicals, such a nitrogen dioxide, ozone, 
Singlet oxygen, or even excess molecular oxygen . 
W~en tacked onto other compounds, particularly 
fatty molecules, the free radicals form large units-': 
damage products-that tend to ettle In the heart, 
brain, kidney, retina or wherever cells don't divide 
after reaching maturity 

Packer and Smith tested vitamin E-treated cells 
and control cells with two typical environmental 
stresses-raising the oxygen level and irradiating 
with visible light-and found that about 90 percent 
of the control cells were killed, whereas only 30 to 
40 percent of the treated cells stopped growin g. 

Vitamin E IS a natural antioxidant, and controls 
free radicals by incorporating them before they can 
damage important cell constituents like proteins. 
Vitamin E is fat soluble, and probably binds itself to 
the fatty portions of the cell membrane. 

Other researchers studying mice have found that 
damage products, which can be seen with a 
fluorescence microscope, simply don't accumulate 
very much in vitamin E-treated mice . 

'We can speculate that exactly the same process 
occurs in humans,"comments Packer, " and I 
wonder how muc;.h damalle a cell can accumulate 
and still be resurrected with vitamin E. However, I 
must point out that we can 'treverse the other im-
portant aging processes in the body, so vitamin E 
won't extend life in humans, except in the possible 
case where humans are subiected to severe en-
vironmental pollution . It's important to determine 
the optimal levels of vitamin E in a given en-
vironment." 

Even if vitamin E can't turn a 40 year old into a 14 
year old, "it might prevent an early death, or brain 
disease, heart attacks or senility. Of course, we 
don't know these things at all, yet." 

C. l. Weber 

Bonne BELL 
and the Universit.Y Bookstore 

Invite 

I 
THE TEN-O-SIX 

FACE. 
, / 

/ 
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR GOOD NATURE. 

We will have our Bonne Bell represent~tive, Llu RDien in our It ore on. 
Oct. 7th thru 11th, 10 ~.m. to 2 p.m. to show you how you c~n 100II in 
Bonne Bell Cosmetici. 

The Bonne 8eIIlook il cle~n, honest be~uty ... alot of nature and a little 
color. Cle~n Ikin and lIN,tell", color. 

-Fji!l!:3i ____ ~~ 
BOOK·STOR£ 

==~ 
'p. 6 Triton Tim" October 7, 1974 

," 

,~~ , 

Opinion 

SCIENCE 
\ 
I 
I 
I 

Of Telephones 
and Tyrannosaurs 

by Malcolm A, Smith 

WPI" dJd tJtr, flO. wit" dHi tJtr, flO _ .. 
~II", "."..,., ... , Ptwo.~",,. of ,Ite .Jr, 
trlt:enfOlU ~tIt on-ormored IIIIJeId ond frllt. of ,"om, 
"',.,._11,. wltIt IItfIo wltItwH lien".. but /#Iw. moIW ""-
til ... onytltJn" m.t .re". the modem world--
wiI" did rite" flO' 

This is reputed to be a school orientated towards Science and 
Technology, yet It seems to show a marked lack of any understanding 
of the role that technology plays In the future of man. Technology IS 
generally viewed as a force in and of itself, separate from man . 
Whether it is cursen as the bane of mankind or hailed as M,an's savior 
matters very little ' for man and technology are Inseparab'le. 

Not that man I) the only animal to have a technology. Many 
animals build their own houses; chimps use crushed leaves for 
sponges; Darwin's finches poke around in holes with twigs. But no 
anir:nal has developed as extensive a technology as has man : no other 
animal depends so completely upon his constructions . 

Technology has exempted man from biological (I e. genetic) 
evolution; natural6election no longer plays a part in the future of the 
human race . Biological evolut,ion has been supplanted by 
technological evolution ; changes in the race come about by 
technologi cal inovation rather than genetic change . 

Technology is an extension of the powers of man, in a literal sense. 
The extension of the mind via any medium is not qualitatively dif-
ferent from a genetic change that incr~ases mental capacity They are 
bo~h evolutionary advances. 

. There they all lie, pteranodon, 
the deadly cats, dIre wolves, cave lions, giant bears, caught in the 
strata not to be returned. 
Man deadly, deadlier, magical of brain, is he 

truly olher' 

The high t hnological level currently held by man is therefore a 
high degree of extension : via television a man's eyes can b extended 
halfway around the world or to the moon ; modern methods of 
transport an'cover in hours distances that formerly took as many 
months. But th is technology does not run itself: a car need~ a driver 
Simrlarly, the ar is the product of no one individual : to produce our 
current technologi cal level requires many hands and brains over a 
long period of time. 

A technological society of this sort implies two things ' 
1. No Individual an work In isolation . 
2. Any ind ividual is replacable. 

A man in isolation would have to ~edis over all that has been learned 
In Man's history, but a .man who is trained by the society is 
replacable : virtually anybody can be taught to drive a car or run a 

continued on page 7 

Campus Program Board 
presents 
Manhattan Project's 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND 

According to N.Y- Times_"A Nur~ry 
Tale for a savage nursery." 

Oct. 12, 1974 Limited Audience UCSD Student $2 
8:30 Gym Gen!. Adm. $3 

icketa available Student Center Box Ofii 
No late-comers seated 

For information call: 452-4092 

Of Telephones .-----------The (ondidotes.-----------, 
continued from page Ii 

computer 1 he human beings that " run " the te hnology are like the 
gasket,s rn a car th y get old and wear out. 

Van Camp Speaks in San Diego 
At this point the argument will ineV itably be raised to the effect of 

"What about the great origin'al thinkers, the Platos, the iJacons, the 
Darwins, th rreudsl Surely they are not Interc.hangeable with 
othersl" B.r . Skinner, the modern proponent of a chain of thought 
that dates back at least as far as Plato, might well disagree. All these 
men were, som ehow, trained to think the things they thought , rai sed 
in such a way as to encourage their thrnking They, IlkI' you , are 
products of the timE' in wh IC h they Irved 

Modern man IS a product of hiS trchnology, but. and equally so, 
IPchnolo!lY is a product of man As man's tt'chnology expanns , so 
does hiS abrli ty to rxpand his trchnology Th e r('sult IS pver morp 
technology, for Irchnologl( al growth IS t'xpo npntlal A 1110r!' 
sophi trcatpd technology IS also Ill O r!' (olllpll'l\ cl Illor!' { omplex 
\rchnology rnvolv('s mor!' people, bOI h to I n'atp II and opprate It. 
lTh(> complpxlty of a tPchnology IS ,n 111\I('r'I ' proporti on to Ihp pOWI>r 
of any IndiVidual , or group of Hldl \ Idual" 10 ,1ft !'( I or lontrol that 
lerhnolol.!Y Hl' st till' va,t . Illonloll hll ' l ~lI< tun' ot 'U( h t!'c hno loglcal 
leViathan s as th!' 1('1"ph()n(' (Olllpan\ 

NoU' man 15 ma~'e r here wah leaping death, 
grenades, flam e· throwers, the p ower of solarIlares, 

the force to hurl 
missrles against the m oon. Nou.' man IS master here, a dinosaur 

Gorgon, perhaps, inc.'lrnate once again . 
Note the shrunk arms , bipedal galt, contn'ved 
bulld,ozer Jaw , bllt deltcalely manipulating sidl 

hIS final test -tube death . 
with small dry ~aflds 

From Innocent A sasins 
by Loren EI eley 

I tuma n 'O( I('t y IS rff tlVE'ly a ')i ngle orgJnlSIl1 (An organl'>m " 
(lo'lI nN! hy WC'bs t<'rs a " a com plex struc turr of Int t>rd('pl'nefent and 
'ubordln iltl' (' I<'nw nt ') whose relat ion, and propertlPs arl' larg!'ly 
dl'tprmln C'd by th plr funct ion in the' wholp") 1\ '>m lC'ty (an no mor!' 
1'1'lll lnat!' a slgnlf' fdnt portion of It., t('chnolog, than \OU (an 
I'lrlllinalt'a ~ l g nlf rra f1t port ion o f your own boefy Att('mptlng to do '0 
1\ nOlhrng morC' th dn se l f-destru tlon 

I vo lutlonary advanl l' based upon t('( hnolngl( al mutatron has two 
ou tstanding chara t t' rl II s 

1 It IS complex and ther fore highly interdependent 
2 It IS lacking ' In pE'rmanence 

Continued from Page 1 

(>xpenses for hiS campaign, whrl 
fong df'clared on ly $98 "She has 
b(,pn uSing hE'r office for publicity 
and state money for expen s. 
M oreover, he recently voted 
herse lf a $80,000 bonus prnSlon , 
Ihough It was vetoed ." Hr termed 
Marc h r ong " irresponslbl and 
arrogant" and said he resent ed 
l1('r r fusa ls to debate. A member 
o f SAM later asked him If he 
thought running against a woman 

McElroy 
at 

Conference 
Continued from Page 1 

Som(' of thr speakers and 
pan('1 ml'mlwrs Includp Jaml'~ 
O'HdrP, Ch airman at thl" pel ,al 

ubc Oml11 ll1('£' on r due at lon of 
Ih(' COml11l tt ('I' on I ducat Ion 
clnd I abor of thp House 01 
Rpprps('n tatlv!'s, RIC h a rd~on , 
IIPrk(' l('y Cha ncellor Alb!:' r t 
Ilowk('r, Gll:'nn Dumkl:' , tht> 
Ch,\nc pllor of thp Calrfornla 
'>tat!' UnIH'r,) lt r<><" Gf'org(' 
\ \ ('alhl'rby from the Harvard 
'lehool of [du( at lon, and Hpl('n 
Thoma'), Wh,tl' Hou<,e r('porte'r 
lor Unl!l·d Pf('SS Internat ional 

FandE 
Continued from Page 1 

of the covert rulers and money 
shufflers who represent us In 
Immora l acti vit ies . Th y'd have 

made him an und rdog "On 
ba lanc.e, It does. I (an only hope 
Ih l' wom('n's movem('nt has 
matur('d enough to vote on 
qualifICations and not on sex," he 
said 

During hiS administration as 
California Commi SSion er of 
Corporations, Van Camp said he 
cut hiS staff by 35 % and by last 
year was able to bring more 
action against white collar crime 
and securities violations than all 

co - . 
-u.. ~ 800ft,.., 'it-' fA 

JtroJf0r4 ~ .. t/\VI les V"" 10 Set cJoI/ou 
11tot AloI.Jy ~, Ri»<I~ 
I lflil (~ "'_ .It/ lIlw 10% dlocount 
1s5· fJJj with thto Id 

other states combined. If elected 
Secretary of State, he said he 
hopes to build a slmrlar record In 
that office, In addition to ex-
panding partiCipation in 
government and shortenrng state 
campaigns by moving the 
primaries to September. 

At the end of the Interview, 
Van Camp was asked where he sat 
on the anti-pay toilet bill Fong 
authored. 

"As far away as pOSSible," he 
repli ed. 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-ta-date, 
176-page. mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delrvery t ime). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES. CA, 90024 
Our matenals are sold fo r 

research purposes only 

Th e Interdependence of the variOus aspect o f techno logy mans that 
It IS highly vulnerable a blow truck to one ')mall section has 
ramifications throughout the technological network : witness the New 
York bla kout , or the chaos created by an oil embargo . The 
possibi lity of such a blow being struck, either through malice or 
blunder, is far less remote than those who worship technology would 
have us belreve. The lack of permanence, the training required to 
operate a technology (which becomes greater as the technology 
becomes more complex), means that if, and when , such a blow is 
struck the human race could find itself thrown back into its distant 
past , without the technology upon which we all depend, without the 
technology which allows the vast majority of the human race to stay 
alive. 

bee n del ighted to see last l't"""....,~~"'" 
Thursday's meetin g, to have 
witn essed the political serenity ; 
the rally often resembled a 1049 ~AMIHO l>i:.c... MAQ. Ae:L MA.~ 
m >ditation lecture There was ... ---..,;,,;,----.:;,;;-~--~;;;..;..;;;;;;;-~------. 

Dinosaurs are extinct becausE' they ould not adapt to changing 
condi tion . M an is in the process o f making alterations on a global 
scalE' that rival such prevIous changes in magnitude While he has 
changed the m ethods, he cannot change the ground rul es: d ath IS 
th e pricE' of failure Your sOJurn at UCSD should be marked by more 
than a concern for your personal welfare . The last generation of 
d inosaurs had no realization that they w re In fa t the last They were 
d(' feated by forces beyond their control Man l an blame no-on e but 
h imself. 

littl of the comraderie of 
committed troopers, no fiag-
waving, no mobilization . Those 
aren ' t th e appropr i ate too I s 
anymore, Ellsberg and Fonda 
know. That method n ver 
worked . The power now is in 
xercising due process, influential 

persuasion , letters, and 
economics . Spend your parents' 
mon ey , Ellsberg suggest d . 
Ellsberg and Fonda don't think it's 
over becausE' it's not on TV, or the 
candidates don't consider it an 
I su . They think the horror of 
war and repress ion persist I n the 
name of the American public 

Experimental Theatre Film Series 
continued from page 3 

contemporary l ife . Biblical and 
contemporary scenes are j ux-
taposed to create one of the most 
powerfu ll y moving xperim ntal 

thealr pie I' rn the hi story of 
Amerrcan Theatre. Short frlm 
The Theatrp Of Eti enne Decroux. 

There will be two showings of 
each program, at 7:00 and 9:00 

p.m . Individual or erie ad-
miss ions are availabl e. Individual 
admissions are $2 .50, Unicorn 
members $2.00. A ticket to all 
four programs IS $7 .00. 

,NEED IT' FAST? 

.0. TRY US FIRST! 
~~ Everything New in 

Skis and Clothing 
FREDERICK'S su &: HmE 

Outfltten 
7722 Fay A venae 

La .Jolla 454·1410 
Coming October 12th and 13th : Annual Parking Lot Ski 
Swap! 10:00 - 5:00. Snow reports 454-23S1 

ACADEMY AWARD WIIIR 
BEST FORBGN LANGUAGE RlI 

LUS CO-HIT: BED & 
RUFFAUT'S BOARD 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSA GrInI!InIbIrds). 

The unofficial Fly with us for 
sta te bird , P'SA, I"las a song to ele\l€r'\ cilles 
more flights conne-cllng Wanttocalcha PSAGrinn!0'J-
northern and southern Call brrd? Thats easy Jt.st catch 
lornla than any other airline up With your campus rep. 

-PlAJIWI,... ... 
P~ge 7 Triton Times October 7, '974 



R-ui I ........ Lou ... 
I .. HI .... Mon.Oct.7 .. 

JM ~Iek. ___ for Info. 

PIII·.O CLU. 
".. Oct. 11 .. 7 p.m. In III 21_ 
( ...... 1GhooI . .... ftertl ........ _ 
AchIeor .nd Dr. ......, wII be 

~ ".... end Iotth. enoo. ...... 
to en.nd. 

CALPI .. O .......... on T_ Oct. • et 
7:11 p."'. In _ .~ ~ 

C~ Room lu ........ In _ 
Student CentIIr.' 11017) 

The .... of ~ ..",... wII live • 
•• ",Iner on C.llfornl. rHI4I.ncy 
roqulNmoma for out-of· .... ItUCIoma 
In the _ Stu4Iont Comer .. ..-

M~. October 7. AI ......... who 
"'ro to ......... CoIfomio .... 141 • ...., 
oro -ou.....e to mend. l1Ol7l 

, ' 

for sale 
.lngl. m.tt~ with bOil .pring In 

very good condition. till or .... t off.r. 
7aGO. "0/71 

SturdY 4 x I utility trlr w/.prine" 
.hoekl & .pore. 1 .... 1 for moving or 
heullng tI.b. MIIII Z7t-1721. "0m 

JBL .... koro-1 PIIr of L7I Minuet 
IPMIII,. with g..... .ouncf.IHotim. 
Guaronty·coll .:l-Inl. 110171 

W .. Sult·111II _ ful "ngth _ .ult 
fill poreon 1'10" ''',. lbe. C.II_. 
...... "0171 

•• 120 luzukl. N ... worlc . • ,., or Mot 
off.r. C.mll" 75,. .ft. • p.m. 110n, 

• TR Spitfire rebuilt .nglno w lrowhool. 
2 tope competition roll ber. .710 . ..... 
0111. Vlvlllr". zoorn lone for Nlkon 
Ilk. _ .'20 .100 mlac ooc_orIeI for 
Nlkon. ~1'_ 110m 

12' x 12' .hog rug. gold twood. with ped. 
cl .. n. .xc .... nt condition. wool & 
nylon • • , • . 412-_ . 110n, 

1 yr old Z.nlth porllb ... t.roo-.xc .... nt 
condition till or bolt off., .,·1310. 
110/71 

Nood • rid. bock to UCSD from Son 
Frencl.co .ft.r tho 10/20 Dood Conc.rt. 
Will pay g ... 411-1370. 110/71 

Good rench & huntlntl d ... m .... 3 yre. 
old dane & mU1lff. A good gUird 41 .. 
to protect your ho",.. ranch. or 
bu.I".... C.II"'·172I) ovenlne .. 110/1 .. , 

PUKA SHElLSI from H.wall xlnt. qual. 
n.ckl.c.. . br.c.l.t.. .tc. Gr •• t 
IOIoctlon. For .... ____ 110m 

SKIS-IU th,.... ,. cm BRAND NEW. 
NEVER UIED or mount ..... MUST SEUI 
CALL 414-1731 • • " • . 110/71 

FOR SALEI 1m_c. Condo 70 110 Sport 
FI.t only 2 1.000 ml'" meg. PlroIli 
rad .. I.1I1 coli ~. 110n' · 

W72 D.tlun 110 w.,on • • tendard. vinyl 
roof. tinted g..... r & H. .xcoll.nt 
conilltlon . • ,. or bolt off., C ·2"'. 
..... 70'1 • . 110/71 

N_ C.r cover for IMW or Volvo .Iz. 
car. t:ontlct Box '" cio Offlc. of 
Studellt Affilire UCID Med. School 
"0m . 

FOR :$AlE: .. track tope p"y.r. f •• t 
f_-d. _ • • 0011 for". bcollont 
condo ""J2. 110m 
MAn Rill: twin .Iz • • • uper firm 
.xc.ll t n, con4ltlon I hardly ..-.ell. m.jor 
brond .., I~ I ... prtco' 412·"" 110171 
NOT (OLDI BRAND NEW PANASONIC 
STER.: q . AMFM r.d.. turnt.bl. 
~. p"yer/racordor w/ ..... k .... & 
mlcr..,hone. .,.. • TIt ~. .11 
B .. u. '''72. Excollont condition. 
q .. - .... nd _ Volt Fini. 1 pr. 
.uper. 1 ...... ,... 1 pro x""', .10 01. 
Co" Bob 272 ..... 110m 

T1rod of .ho8II thet don't flt1 'uy 2·T 
lone fhtod Ihoeto ....... In IIOMO n . 
ColI Laurie ~n27. 110m 

.. ....,.t21 .. 10 opoo4I blk. pert OI"'PY 

.. "'.1G3I 11011' 

FoIl DHeo CIuIt T_ o.t. I ........ 
Conf. R ... 110171 

TheN will be • TNnI C ..... CounoII 
....... on Wo4l~. 0at0II0r t ... 
... p. • • In C .. If_ ... R __ 17. 411 
Mllae- c-.- 110111 
Hor .... olul4l .... CIu .. . Thoro wII be • 
1IIOItIn. Thunldoy, Oct 10 •• t4.ln ... 
Ree,..tIoftel Oy", Confor..... room. 
AU welc_ 11011' 

"TIle world .. 1 _ntrv • _MInd III 
aI_ne." .... ·u' ... h. ..... I cIu .. 
__ .oh Tu. • P'" Stu Con .n 
.. _110171 

TIle ar.oftic 0.,.,. SocIety will hold 2 
1IIOItI .... thI8 _k. ........ nencI _ 
-tine If you .ro • proaont or futuro 
mom .... 1. T_. Oct.I4:CJt.1:t02A 2111 
2. Fri. Oct. 11 .... I:CIO 2A 2111IP1OI11l 

Ikl Clu" IMOtIntI Tu.. Oct. • 7 pm 
APM 2111 D.taI.. of winter trtp to 
ltelmltMt Sprtft8l •• nd other praloetl 
will be dlacuOlo4l. 110171 

Thole poop" lI.ned up to be voIleyb.1I 
offI ... P .... mo8I In the Ree Oy", 
Corlf. "_m .. 1:11 t~ IMon.'. " you 
cannot .noncI P.... con'-Ct Ron 
Worft .t 7II-IIZI. 11017) 

!PI ., IP ........ Pllr AKO D2DO E 
mlk .... 2DO wt RMI .mp" 411-0123 
110ft' 

,. Flroblrd Pontiac 21.000 OrlglNI 
ml_lXcollont condition. G.,.ld J1I1U 
La Jol .. VII"g • . " 0m 

Poleroid Land C.m.,. - .uto 100 w 
tlm.r. ca ... fl • ..,; hordly u •• d off.r 412 
.. '1011' 

G .. ,.. H.rrt.on Conc.rtl Cholc. floor 
.nd log. _tI L.A. Forum Nov " & 12 
C.II __ 3146 ov.nlng. 110/ 1", 

'1Ii GTO rww ORglne. Juot Ilk. rww. plu. 
hit '. " My mighty GTO"·J.n & D.n. 
.200. Coli P.rnelll 412·_ 110/11 
Yemaho' .tri ntl .couotlc gultor .'1 coli 
413 3214 110/111. c .... lc EI Doredo 
C.dll .. c conv.rtlble .xc.llent condition 
112"" 110/1) 
Hulky ., NIW ,r.t w / tool • • • par. 
porta .., or b .. t of tor. L .. 411-0101 
'OV.' x 2714 IclaYlI 11011 .. ' 
. .. .. aurf brd. ple.tlc f.ntl.tlc . muot 
hove B.rtIom.n otyl. to rid. it . Call Joo 
• t .... or _ him .t Coff .. Hut 
.fter two. 110/11 

'17 ...... _ enlln •• n.w trona-
"' .... on. _ ,.. .... A.......,. etc. 
.,. or .... "" . • ruoo .... ,12. ,10-
~ 
P.nto H1 lImm SLR comer. w l o light 
m.tor good cond w/ T.k.m.r f2.2 50 
mm Ion. MIl IXt _ . '10m 

STEREO Concord F 100. AMIFM 
C_tt. w / ..... k.,. .'20. """'3. 
110m 

wanted 
Yount comp.ny n .. d. .tud.nt 
r ........ ntotlv. to work In IPIr. tim. 
m.rch.ndl.lng .n .xcltln. n.w 
product. •• foot " motel" kite. If you 
Ilk. tho Idol of b"ng your own bOIl. 
m.klng your own houre. writ.: CKC 
1423-2 M.rchb.,... W.I. Crk.. CA 
..... " G-7' 

APARTMENT for mal. boglnnln. Ole. 1 
... ,00 por month. C.II AI · 274-" • . 
110m 

o Chom. tutor •• .oon •• poo.lb .. 
.... ry .nd hou ... flexible. 211-1112. Lui. 
botwoon •• nd 7 p.m. 11017' 

Guitar I_on ...... oNb .. rot •• D.vld 
715-1471. 110171 

NEED EXTRA CAIH? P.ylne Top DoI"r 
for your U.S. lilver CoIni Minted 
befo ... 1 .... K.n C ·D2I. Ip10/301 
. . 

United lto~ Chon Fo4I.ration Offlcl.1 
Timor Coil M.rty C ·". 110/11 

D.bbler In eulter _nil to got t ... t .. r 
Inforrnllly with othe,. to mak. muolc. 
Rich 75t210 110/1' 

Rid. w.nto4I up/ltlck to B.y _ for 
DOId concert S. H .... wI ... I drlvlntl. 
Leowe on/oft., Oct 11th-be tMro by 
•• t. Co. M.g .... m .. ,.. _lIIn .. 
11011 .. ' 

12 otrtntl 111l1IIr. can pay up to •. Call 
Noll 1141 • . VIa AlIOIntIi LJ. Leove 
_ ... 110111 

..... Triton Times October 7. 1974 

...... ,... ........... 1 ........ .... 
In ....... Co........... ... be 
""111 .. tIrat .......... fill tile .-. 
year. TIle __ wit be ...... o.t. .. 
1174. 1:11 p.m. In tile 1IIIl. eo. ..... _ 
Room. (10171 
S .. rln. Clu" •• n.r.1 m.m".r.hlp 
moete,.. tonIellt 7"" pm In UBI 'IIln. 
Now~.w"""'" 

SIX CUNIC; Coun-'I... on ....... 
Problem.. Wo4I.. M .. wolle COU~ 
...... OftIoIlnoar the Prowoat OftIoI,. 
Judith J.,....... M.D.; Hueh P ... 
Ph.D. 111·271 

AnENTlON MUI.. Foil O ........ tlon 
Condlclatoa: P .... c~ M .. W.,.. 
In the Muir Provoat Otftco to .". ..... n 

. appoint",ent for your Fino! DOl'" 
Check .nd to fI .. your Candldecy C.rd. 
i1OI111 

October 11th .. the !oat clay for ltudontl 
to .nroll t"lr .. 1.1 .... dopondontlln the 
Studont Health Inluronco .... oer.",. 
Contlct lneurane. Rop_ntlthra . 
N_ Itudent H.1th 8ofvIoe Con_ 
In •• r C.ntr.1 Llbr.ry'. M.tth.w. 
Co"'PII' or call 412·2121 t0d8yl 11011 .. ' 

AllERGY STUDY·W.nted·.dulta with 
moder.to to _.re .y",ptom. of 
_oonll "R.rglc rhllllti. lhoyfov.r' to 
Nrtlclpato In • medication otucIY. No 
blood dr_nil .'0 p.ld to p.rtlclpentl. 
Cd Dr. Allc. Org" If Intorooted. T.1. 
No. C ·4111. 11G-7' 

MARUUANA RISIARCH - HUL THY 
MAUl 21 .. TO UVI IN .. CON· 
aEcunve DAYS UCLA IPAYS ., 21~ 
___ eft",", 

personals 
Larry . will you w.k. up In P.ych lie' 
tur.? 
W.lght W.tchore I. on Tu. Noon 
Humanltl .. lIbrery 1214 110171 

GREG ... W. lov. you ... k •• p 
SMIUNG .... nd vl. ltlng 110m 

Cr. l, T. Tod.y you "v. your own 
p.noNI from " M". D.lbert • • nd Sully. 
,10m 

Mllrln C.thollc .tlll .uck • . 11017' 
OOlr PooP. F.c.; H.,.'. to tho J .K. It ' • 
b .. n R .. II B.NnI Cr.m PI0I1 Love 
• nd Kill. V. V.por Rub. 110171 
Stobog • . whorl .r. you? I can't ov.r 
find you l V.ld.rlo ,,0/7, 

car pools 
Nood • c.rpool from Chule VI.te. C .... 
.ch.d.-MWF 8-4. PI_. coli Scott 4'D. 
7111. ur,.ntl 110/7' 

Need. rid. to U.C. s.nto Cruz Friday 
Oct. 11th or S.t. Oct. 12th. Will .har. 
.... nd driving. C.II Jon .t C-al. 
"0m 

C.r Pool from Elcondldo. d.lly 8-4/1. 
C.II Gyl x244I or J.ff 7..-:1. 

C., poll from S.n M.rco. or Lak. s.n 
M.rcOi. C.II nJ-3712. 110m 

C.r Pool UCSD to M... Coli ... Tu 
Thure .v .. Gr.g "'1·0113 "G-II 

C.n Off.r rida to UCSD fm Allied 
Gdn./Grntvll • . Earty mornlng/rtnl p.m . 
or .0. C.II 1113-., • . Loon.rd. 110/7' 

Rid •• nHded to UCSD from G.rn.t .nd 
MI .. lon Blvd. Will .hor. COlt. C.II .. 
2472. 110m 

C.r pool from Oc .. n.ld.C.rt.bod .ro. 
722-2011. "0m . 

N .. d rid. from Loucod.. or ltart car 
pool. Prof .... bly fro", 12:00 on _Ine •. 
721-.... "0/7, 

housing 
Fom.1e to .hor. 3 bd"". "1"'0. Muot 
be cloln. 4D-7X7. 110m 

W.nted p.rttlme "ommete week __ 
or w •• k.nd. C.II K.t. .....·.7 
ovenln •• Dlocua prloo. 111m 

Roommotl 1IMd04l to .r. _~ 
front h_ In PIOIfIo IOIoh . • ,. ColI 
-.-z _ . 110111 

Noe4I F ""motl own ~ ........ 
J ...... m ... ., .. ~. 111171 

In •• lIr ................. ........ 
UJS ..................... .. 
L.-n ......... U ....... lind MW 
CoIIeeI. All oro ....... to ... ...... 
under tile ..... "- ........ Got. I. 
(p1Ol7) 

Wo4I,..ay OctolMr • OPIN MlKI • 
Stu4Iont Cantor • Noon • C .. noa for 
Impromptu tllont allow. A~_ .!von 
the opponunlty to 411op"y tolent 
(within roeoonl. (1I/It 
The R..,... C ..... "-.. tooIIIne for 
rnuoIcoI .rou... and ........ _ If 
you·roln ........ ln 1*fonnI ... 8Iop by 
1M ....... Doen·. ofIIoo A .... Hall or 
col Tony 0tIub ...... or Mary C .. 
..... 11OI7t 
Co",. to tho .I",ohot Tor.h 
coIobrotion. All .,. ImrttIId to Plr· 
tlcipatlln t .. llnel .... nd dancing. ThIe 
Tu.cIIIy. Oct. • .t 7:to pm. TIle 
f.tIvIt_ will ... hoIcI .t Studont 
C.ntlr. __ oro4l by UJ .. IP1OJ7I 

VoIuntlir totore for La Jol .. ChiOIno 
children - M Tu WorTh 2:»-1:10 Call 
4I4-2IG 110171 

Hopltu Ind"n A .... uthontlc Ind"n 
J_"ry. fotla •• polntlne. 2111 Ave do 
.. Playa "13" 110m 

COUPLE nooded to .hero 4 bodrm 
clmnt hou .. on C.nyon .,a/coupl. & 
utll. B"lr/M.rodlth 27J-7141 . "0/71 

Rmta. nHded to ,"r. 4 BR 3 beth 
hou .. Min ion B.y. 10 min drlv. to 
UCSD. C.II Su .. n ;ns..ea .ft.r • p"'. 
110m 

FOR RENT·To m.l. Ired. In prlv.to 
hou ... bdrm . •• m l·prlv.t. b.th . • om. 
kltch.n U.'. Blrdroek .r... " . ~ 
7'011 . 110/7' 

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED 1011 
La Joll. VIII.g. Aptl. 1 Bdr. furnl.h.d 
."0 each. W.nt " yr up. Ph. 413-3012 . 
110m 

Roomm.t. w.nt.d to .hore .pt. own 
room. own b.th . • "ti .11 uti. Nld. 137M 
M.ngo Dr. D .. M.r. Apt 221. 110/71 

F.rnal. roomm.t. w.nted to live with 3 
otho,. In W VIII.g. Apt. " / month. 
C.II 412'- 110ftl 

Roomm ... w.nted for P.B .• pt. " .711 
for I.r, •• Ing" room & uti . Im.1I 
.nlmol ok. Pool. 272-111. 110ft' 

F.m.I. roomm.t. w.nted to .hor. 
.tudlo .p.rtm.nt In La Jol.. VII .... 
Aptl. C.II C -t471 110111 

Nood Fem. to .hor. oeOln vI_ room. 
Pri. Ent B.th. Refrtg. _/mo. Ihorn. 
% blk to bu . . .... , ... IPlOft' 

For rent: 1 room" PIM B.ut"ul 
luxury hou.. overlookln. oc.n Dol 
M.r 2 guYi 1 girl IMntI thor. now. 
lookln. for ... th .nd frtondly roommet. 
call 75.,. .fter I P'" 11011' 

F.me" Roomm.to w.nto4l. Lar.. _3 
BDR homa In O.B . • ydo to oe.n. 
backy.rd . • tc. own room .71.. plu. 
utilltl • . • v.l .. b .. lm",ed"tely. C.II ~ 
7131 or 221-1. .nd 100v. m_g • . 
110111' 

Rmm.t. w.nted for hou •• In La JoI ... 
Own rm. Nlco yd. flropl. compo furn. ,. 
mo. Rocky 24M or -.n11 110171 

W.nted: M or F rmmto to .her. 2bdr. 
.pt. on Million B.ch "/mo. C.II 
G.org •• t .... 1122. 110111 

Roomm.tH needed ma" or f.",.I •. 
La,.. hou .. on ~ 00 ... In Nonh Co. 
F.m.l. f .... or 100 mol .... -'-. 
110m 

F. Rmmt. w.nted to .horo 2 bodroom 
.pt with 2 other .Irto. .._ • ",onth 
u!lllti. fum. Pool. Cu.t CN"" ..... 
In front. lu.l .... ," 110171 

ltd yr. med. otudont look. quiet 
ro.nmeto for Untv. HoopItaI or VA 
H ..... taI .fIII. ColI 217~ 116-71 
W.·ro Itookl Rioll end Larry have found 
• _ homo. Tune In to KSOT on 
Fr1dey8 • to 11 ""'. for mornI ... 
mad_. 11Om 

llnites 
HIre your very _n Mnd for. party. For 
mellow or ....... muaII. willi..., your 
hoIn ....... ,..". 1*'1 

1 ...... to4Ii In oooIeIIIt ..... , YeA 
__ eol-. ..... · whet ........... 111 
...... for W ..... Muir 2A R", Nt 
.. ,. (10/11 

~_ otIII Inter ..... In ItllYlne 00041 
~ 1houI4I ..... up tIIIIIIaoIwa or 
their .. ", et ... In ........... cHloe 
Leo Johneon Wore Wo4I .. Dot. t-
..... for .............. 
AIIp •• "'" f_ may be ...... _ .. 
"- .. CI8I'IIIIUe fuIINIeIIt PrG.,.",1I 
A4IvIIor J_ Fort who .. 
0fft00 of 0,... ........ N 
.....Com .... The ..... f. 
IIIPIIutIono on thIo .......... . 
...... 1IM_ 1 .. 14. 

.minllS 
Soionoo. TeehnDlow.nd PuIIIIc At ...... 
win ... _. oonf_ on 
Non-Growth. to be ... 41 on 
,..,2. Thera will .... oublle O¥n'POl8IumD 
on tho ........ t ~ Enerey. R.IOIII,.. .. 11 
.nd the ltoedy-SU.tII .t 7:10 p.m. 
10th In ... !tiL Auditorium. 110111' 

films 
Monday October 7 Mondoy FII", _ .. _ ..... 
Inlck "r. Muir Com ",one. My Derlntl 
C .. mentlne with H.nry Fondl I:GO pm 
Froe. 11Om -

MEN I WOMENI JOBS ow IHIPSI No 
.xporlon.:. r"ulred. Exoollont Ply. 
WorIdwld. trovel. PortlCt .u",mer Job 
or caroer. Iond q .GO for Infor_tlon. 
SEAFAX. Dept. B· 17 P.O. 'ox 21MB. Port 
Ang" • . W •• hlngton -.z. 116-'" 

Earn good money .ddr.lln. en-
v.lop ••. S.nd .ddr .... d .t.mp.d 
.nv.lop. to POlltiv •• ntorpri.... P.O. 
Boa _ La M_. CA. "" . " 0/ 71 

Typi.t_ F •• t. 110 c.ntl p.r P •••. C.II 413-
9272 "0/1' 

Portr.lto B&W or color. You choo,. 
.. ttlng. Cheepl 413-1721 "0/11 

lost & found 
FOUND: Sh.t"nd Colli. by Muir dorm 
IIghto Sun 1-2 • f.m." with harnon 
2l5IO S.n Ellio. C.rdlff. 110/71 

LOIT: D.rk Blu. V· neck Sw .. tehlrt 
with Prlnc.ton Unlv.relty In whit. on 
ri.ht upper corner. Lau... 412-_ . 
110m 

LOST SUI121: FLUFFY BL/WH BR F 
DOO NAMED " PUPPY". Look. huoky. 
hod hernon 757281. C.",III •• ft. I . 
"0m 

FOUND-10/2 In USB 2722-gle_ .nd 
_ . Pick up In TT offlc • . 110171 

FOUND· Bicycle on Ith floor of TI ... 
H.II. C .. lm In 1 clay. or It will bo .p. 
proprioted. 

LOST Round wire-rimmed ....... In 
g .... n pol ... y _. P ..... mum to TT 
offic.. 110/71 

.. for mum of IMt u",,_1 nng. 
CORIlato of .. 411...... t ... nIIltor .nd 
wire wrapped coli. John·27I-4IQ. 11~1I 
Found: Vinyl tonnle rocket cov.r on 
Court _1 Call n", et X 1IIT7. 110/11 

Found: 'lOCO OrOln YoIl_ E.m". nr 
HL Pick up TT OffIce 11011' 

Oct 3 loot turquoleo .nd lllvor bracelet 
In ledY. ,.troom ROIr H81 Z2I2 
Roward p ..... 1I1 .... _ 110/1' 

LOIt: very unlqu. turqu .... bree ..... 
P .... pl •• r .. um to TT office or coli 
lu. 272·78 R_ordl 110/1' 

travel 
EUROPE. IIRAR • DRIINT. Low coat 
otudont fll.htl .11 YeIIr rDUnd. A.I ••. T. 
'''' I. La Clonoga .Ivd. LOI Anti .... 
- (7141 ......... or 121 •• aIM 
1"'/271 ' 

IIsw Trovol DffIoo • ON CAMPU. • 
EUROPE • NY C .......... ' UCSD Irrt'jl 
Cantor. __ *~ M. W. F ONLY 
CP 111271 

CH .. ISTMAI CHARTER RIGHTS. SAN 
FRANCIBCOI NEW YOU on TWA. 
RUlRVATlONI: TOT ".. Illy Pwtl 
.MI. Irvine CA 1DI7. Cell nw..,.. 
(p1O/ll 

IURON • !MAIL • APIIICA ....... 
...... yoer nMIII4I COIITACT: I8CA 
_ U.w..Ity A_ tJ1, .......... CIIf.". TIL: 17MI. ___ __ 
_. "1271 


