
New Med Facility Possible 
by Katie Keevil 

UCSD Medical School 
administrators will know by 
th~ ~d of Ju ne if a new 
teaching facility planned 
near the Basic Science 
Building will be funded . 

Dr. Ruth Covell, assistant 
to School of Medicine 
Dean John Moxley, said 
that the proposed Medical 
Teaching Facility will have 
to be approved by the 
Department of Health 
Education and Welfare and 
the State Legislature, before 
construction can begin. 

More Funds 
The Medical Teaching 

racility described in 
original plans as the Clinical 
Sciences Bu ild ing, was not 
built because of lack of 

funding . Dr. Covell said 
President Nixon has since 
released money for more 
health science facilities to 
be built. 

School of Medicine 
officials learned of these 
funds and hurried to beat 
the April 1 funding request 
deadline . Both the federal 
and tate governments must 
approve the funding, and 
arp expect d to make their 
d cis Ion befor the end of 
June 

The new facility, to be 
connected to the Basic 
Science Building, would 
allow an increase from 96 to 
128 students per class at the 
School of Medicine. It 
would include offices for 
admissions and student 

affairs and would allow 
space for elective courses 
and faculty laboratories. 

University Hospital 
In addition, because of 

the State Health Sciences 
Bond Program, approved by 
voters in fall of 1972, plans 
are underway at University 
Hospital for the Clinical 
Teaching racillty and 
expansion of the Outpatient 
Department . 

Bond money for the 
Clinical Teaching Facility 
will be split With the 
Medical Teaching Facility 
because the government 
requires tate money to be 
matched with i self for the 
buildings. If the Medical 
Teaching Facility is not 
approved, construction on 

tpe Cl inica l Teaching 
Facility will nonetheless 
begin sometime this year 

Enlarged Classes 
The School of Medi Ci ne 

is asking for 80 p rcent of 
construction money from 
th federal government and 
20 p rcent from the state, 
which has been lOver d 10 
the State Health Clenc e~ 
Bond Program 

lasses will be enlargE'd If 
constructIOn funds drl' 
approved lass ~Ile for thp 
acad mlc year 1973-74 was 
65 per class, and will 10 
crease to 96 stud nt per 
class , this fall. las SIZe 
will remain at 96 In -
definitely unless the 
Medical Teaching Facility I 
funded . 

triton times 
Volume 22, Number 16 U(SD Friday, May 24, 1974 

Clinical Psych Ph.D. Program Planned 
by Roberta Rehm 

A proposal that would 
cr ate a PhD program in 
Cli nical Psychology to b 
off red for the first time In 
the fall of 1975 will go 
b fore the Graduate 

ouncil 10 the next few 
week . If implemented, thiS 
program will lead to the 
deve lopment within the 
next few years of an un-
dergraduate in -
terdis ci plinary major in 
Personality Psychology. 

The Psychology 
department now specializes 

In Exp rim ntal and 
Behavioral P ychology, but 
will also offer an un-
dergraduat major In 
General P ychology 
begi nnlOg 10 eptember 

I f approved by the 
Graduat Coun ii , th PhD 
program proposal will b 
revi wed by th UC ad-
mini tration 10 B rkeley, 
th A ademic Senate, and 
finally by U President 
Chari s Hitch " It's an 
annoying proc 5, but it 
guarant e quality," said 
Rov Pearce , dean of 

Graduate tudles 
"We can't rush Into thl~ 

overnight ," aid Pear e 
" Wp will a sure a high 
Quality faculty by b ginning 
at the graduate level " 
Th e programs, he aid, 
were developed iargely 10 
respon to student 
request 

Both the Clinica l program 
and the Personality major 
would be offered jointly by 
the departments of 
Psychology,' Anthropology 
and Sociology. The UCSD 

Medical chool will also co-
spon or the graduate 
degree 

" Th re will be a great 
deal of cooperation and 
mutual stimulation" bet-
w en ... ~ graduate program 
In linlcal Psychology and 
the undergraduate major in 
Personality Psychology," 
stated Dr Lowell Storms of 
the med chool 's Depart-
ment of Psy hiatry. He 
added that there will 
probably be a " faculty 

continued on pale 2 

Hull Will Replace 
Murphy Until Sept. 

Tom Hull 
Tom Hull will replace George Murphy as ICE'-

Chancellor for Student Affairs until September, It was 
announced Wednesday . The appointment of RI C k 
Whi teha II as assistant Vice-chancellor was announced at 
the same time. 

The Chancellor said he made the announcement after 
learning late last week that Murphy, who had serv d at 
UCSD since 1966, is suffering from pneumonia " H 
wanted to get right back to work, of course, " McElroy 
told the Triton Times, " But I sort of tWisted hiS arm He 
had th time co ming to him, and I figllr j h n"eded 
the rest " 

Hull, who has worked under Vice-Chancellor Saltman 
With Affirmative Action and other orograms, em-
phasl zed that the apPolOtme.1t IS effective only through 
the first week In September "I think students and 
administrators here a e very aware of the close 
relationship betw n George Murphy and myself, both 
personally and profeSSionally J'm Just stepping 10 to 
help him out 10 any way possible " 

Hull sa id he has no plans as yet for the tud nt affalf~ 
diVISion, and the Chancellor indi cated that he expect 
no cha nges of any Significance However, stud nt at-
fairs legal counsel Mark Bookman said Wedne day he 
thought the department might undergo changes v.lth 
new leadersh IP , and referred to the Chancellors ap-
pOintment of Whitehill , a member of the psychological 
counse l ing department, as assistant Vice-chancellor 

In a later conversation, Bookman told the Triton 
Times that a search committee had been conSidering 
possibi lities for the assistant's Job, but that the com-
mittPe had been "i n limbo" for several month 
" Althou gh I haven't been privy to any of the com-
mittee's deliberations, it may've been the ap-
pointment of one (Hull) ~essitated the appointment 
of the .other (Whiteh ill) ." 

Administrators Oppose 
Plus-Minus System 

Older Students '. Experience is Ignored 
by Paul Ostennan III 

UCSD College Deans, Provosts , members of th~ 
Psychological Counseling Service, and Vice Chancellor 
Pau I Saltman are opposed to the plus minus feature of 
the CEP grading proposal. 

" It's dreadful'; Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul Saltman told the Triton Times. " Looking at the hign 
qualityof ~udents ... there is enormous stress on grades." 

Saltman believes in a system that creates a " learning 
envi ronment," not one that "pits student against one 
another ." " I'm not going to squeeze you out on that 
rack anymore. We've done enough ." 

" Give the professor the opportunity to give an A-
instead of an A, or a B- instead of a B, I think he will ." 

continued on pale 1 

by M~ry Pat Huxley 
" Just because I'm older, I'm looked down on . Sup-

posedly, I 'm in my peak productive years . But I'm not 
given a chance." 

This comment is from a 28 year old veteran, an un-
dergraduate at Revelle . "I'm a maverick," he said. " I 
used to contribute in class, but now I don't bother." 

Stephen Fischer, a pre-med student also at Revelle, 
had this to say; "As an undergraduate, you have ab-
solutely nothing to offer because you 're experienced. 
You have to be just a sponge here, absorbing." Stephen 
is 30 years old. He lives in the Mesa Apartments with his 
wife and two boys . He finds most students here to be 
innocuous, lacking the personality of the people he 
knew in the Navy. "They (the students) haven't had time 
to develop a personal ity. It takes time." 

Thirteen of some 350 to 400 returning students at 

Queen to be Chosen; Will Drop Melon 
by Rick Drom 

The 1st Annual 
Watermplon Queen 
Pageant will be held In the 
Revelle cafeteria on June 
5. 

The winner will be the 
main participant in 
Revelle's oldest tradition, 
the dropping of a 
watermelon from the top 
of Urey Hall. 

Applications for the 
queenship, a post open to 
both males and females, 
can be picked up at the 
Revelle provost or resident 
dean's offices, and must 
be returned by 4 p.m . on 
June 4. 

watermelon will be fed to 
the spectators . 

" Dropping a water-
melon off the top of Urey 
Hall began in 1965 with 
Revelle's first freshman 

that the tradition began 
when all the students at 
Revelle were freshman , 
enrolled in phy ics. On 
the final exam wa a 
kinematics problem about 

experiment off the then 
new Urey Hall 

Sin e then a queen ha 
be n elected ea h year to 
arry a watermelon up 

seven flight of tairs and 
throw It to the ground 
between Urey Hall and 
Mayer Hall Each year the 
distance, north and ~outh , 
that the pie e of th 
watermelon fly 
recorded . 

The Watermelon Queen 
will be chosen by a panel 
of Revelle faeu Ity 
membprs and ad-
minimators. I he pagt:dnt 
will begin at 8 :30 p.rn 

A Watermelon . 

Ac ording to hepards 
the record is h Id by thE' 
class of 1970. Their queen 
threw a watermelon 10 
1966 and pie e were 
found 154 fe t apart But 
thpre 15 ontrover y 
urroundlng thl claim , 
om fl>1'1 that r> opl", 

ch ated and kl ked piece'.! 
further north and \outh I 

FollOWing the drop, 
over 1000 pounds of 

clas~, " said Tom Shepard 
hepard, a former 
A~ oeiated tudent 
president, I) now the 
mayor of Del Mar 

He told the lriton Time~ 

the traJe tory of a 
watermelon falling off of 
Urey Hall 

After th test , lhe 
tudents pi ked d "Queen " 

to actuallv pNform thl' 

The dctual drop I 
'<..hl'<iull'd to take place at 
12 nooll Oil JlInt' 7 

UCSD were asked to express their thoughts about UCSD 
and people here . These students range in age from 28 to 
over 60 years of age. 

Many of them felt quite strongly that any experience 
they gained on " the outside" was considered useless 
and unessential , if not detrimental to thei r studies. This 
attitude was strongly impressed on the students by some 
instructors . " The instructors consider us to be freaks, 
mavericks ." 

"Experience as such is just a further separation 
between me and my professors," said one woman . " He 
may say something I know to be wrong, but I can 't 
correct him , or give any feedback . It would be called 
'sour grapes'." This woman, in her late 3Os, is a science 
undergraduate at Revelle . She came from a career of 
acting, directing, and screenwriting. She asked not to be 
identified " I see no point in bringing up my background 
here or in the classroom," she said 

Most of the students also aid the faculty was too 
remote . "UCSD is unique. Instructor are all wrapped up 
in their own research, " aid one veteran, aged 28 
Another st uden t said, " I can honestly say that I'd rather 
have a junior college teacher With an M A than an 
In tructor here At least they talk to you " 

Some of the concern for thi lack of co ntact With the 
facu Ity was directed to the younger undergraduate I 
have a lot of per is tance, " said 49-year-old Marla Riker, 
a 0 iology major at Muir 

continued on page 11 

Errata 
Some delree of confusion has resulted from the 

manner in which thret! pieces were played on the 
editorial pale of Tuesd.,y's Triton Times. We feel ~n 
explanation is necessaly. 

The first piece, concerning the plus-minus gr .. dinl 
issue, was an editorial , signed by .. majority of the 
newspaper's executive board. The econd piece w~s 
a minority editorial, sianed by one-third of the 
executive board. Ihe third w~5 an article ~lIb"U"ed 
by a member of the staff th~t did not obtain suf-
ficient approval from the board to .. tit- it to be run 
<IS a minority editorial . 

However, beuuse of a printers enor, the label 
'Minority Editorial' was excluded from the second 
piece, ~nd the label 'Opinion' and the .. thor' name 
were excluded from the third. We apolORi re for ~ny 
milunderstandinR these e.clu ion may twve uused 



["PUlICS: JAMES SOlO I 

A Campaign Recap 
There are less. th,,!, two weeks. before the June Primary 

a.nd the ca~lgn IS reaching Its climax as the largest 
field of candidates in California history compete for 
ballot positions in NOYember. Yet as all these can-
didates pick up their pace and the media is beine 
bombed by campaign adYertisements I fear the voter is 
becoming more confused. ' 

Last week and the first' part of this week I was able to 
see four politicians in action. Each of them had different 
styles, yet there was one concept that unified them: the 
emphasis upon campaign morality. 

Edmund G. Brown Jr ., candidate for the Democratic 
nomination for govemor, was in San Diego Monday of 
last week . Brown again emphasized his record as a 
watchdog of political morality as the California 
Secretary of State. Again he emphasized his unqualified 
support of Proposition 9, the political reform initiative. 
Again he attacked " special interests" and lobbyists who 
apparently permeate the political atmo.sphere in 
Sacramento. Unfortunately, this attitude has been taken 
by almost eYeryone who is running for office. In fairness 
to Brown, he did mention other issues besides campaign 
ethICS, but Brown more than any major Democratic 
candidate has made the alleged immoral activity of 
others his ticket to public office. 

Howard Miller, Democratic cand idate for L t. 
Governor, spoke at UCSD Monday. Before him stood a 
small disi nterested crowd of about 50 people in Revelle 
Plaza. Miller spent most of his time talking about 
corru~tion in government, the evils of the oil cor-
poratIOns, and the need for publ ic financi ng in 
government. But there was a lack of any kind of con-
crete approaches to good government in Miller's talk 
Miller, well known for his appearances on PBS's "Th~ 
Advocates," came off a little too sanctimonious and 
perfect to be believable. His view of well known liberal 
Mervyn Dymally as a tool of the special interests just 
wasn't plausible. 

Israel Foyer, candidate for Secretary of State on the 
Peace and Freedom ticket, spoke be40re a small crowd 
of 10 to 20 people Tuesday in Revelle Plaza. The 
audience' s reaction towards him was, to put it mildly, 
subdued. 

La"y Kapiloff, Democratic Assemblyman up for re-
election in San Diego's 76th District spoke before 12 
students last Friday in the Student Center. Kapiloff was 
certainly the most interesting and stimulating of the 
four candidates I've seen recently . His meeting with 
students was over 1 V. hours long, and ended only when 
Kapiloff had to leave for CI10ther engagement. He struck 
me as honest, sincere, and .totally dedicated. 

Kapiloff spoke of the governor's race, campaign 
reforms and ethics, a drug bill he is currently spon-
sering, and due to my prodding, Prop 9. 

As the election draws nearer, Proposition 9 is 
becoming increasingly controversial. It is also becoming 
less and less clear to the voter. A recent Field Poll shows 
the vast majority of voters totally confused or turned off 
by the proposition . 

Kapiloff asked how many students had read the 
proposition . Only one of the 12 admitted he had ac-
tually read it . This is unfortunate when one considers 
that some people are basing a good part of their 
campaign on the validity of Prop . 9. Howard said he 
gives his qualified support of the initiative while the 
whole thrust of Jerry Brown's recent San Diego press 
conference emphasized his endorsement of the 
initiative. Organized labor in California is making it 
clear they are totally against it; just last week they with-
drew their support of Brown and Jerome Waldie 
because they are strongly for it. 

Kapiloff told UCSD stuaents of his reservations about 
the proposition although he is currently on record as 
supporti ng the in itiative. He said the proposition 
pretends it does something that it can't . Kapiloff claims 
that the portions that deal with lobbyists will only 
change their operations without really changing the real 
effect of their presence. In other criticisms of Prop. 9 
Kapiloff pointed out that the initiative doesn't do 
anything about rich men who spend their personal 
fortunes to run for public office. He poi nted specifically 
to William Matson Roth, who has been using the 
contributions of his own family to bankroll a large part 
of his campaign. 

One of the ideas on which Kapiloff laid particular 
emphasis was participation in government by citizens. 
He criticized people, especially students, who criticize 
the systen put don't involve themselves in government. 
He said "'fou don't tum your back on system ." 

As Kapi loff sa id, peOple shou ld work til v\Jlih the 
system, I thOUght of the 12 students who bothered to 
drag the nselves over to the Student Center to hear 
Kapiloff . Kapiloff's words have been in my mind 
throughcu t the entire week as only 35-40 students listen 
to one 0 - !;he more likely candidates for Lt. Governor, 
and only 1()"20 students listen to Israel Foyer in Revelle 
Plaza . 

What there seems to be is a combination of lack of 
interest on the part of voters and lack of fundamental 
interest on th e part of candidat s to deal with sub-
stantial issues of immediate on cern to the voters of 
Cali forn ia 

There are few people I know who know who they are 
gOI~g to vote for in June Even I don' t know who I' ll vote 
for In June, and won't lIntil June 4 

P.~~ ~ Trition Times, M.y 24, 1974 

l~ssorted Goings On 
CommlttH Openlng8 

Applications are currently beJng accepted for un-
dergraduate at-large positions on all 29 UCSD academic 
and administrative committees . 

Included in the list of councils are the Committee on 
Educational Policy and the Communications Board. A 
total of 31 p~tions are presently available, each one 
for the duratIOn of the 1974-75 academic year. 

Forms are available at the Student Organization 
office on the !econd floor of the Student Center, and at 
all four collell!! Dean's offices. Filing opened last 
Monday, and extends through Friday, May 31 . Com-
pleted forms should be returned to the Student 
Organi zations office. 

Applications will be reviewed by the Committee on 
Committees of The Undergraduate Student Council 
(TUSC). It. there are more than four applicants for a 
position , the committee will narrow the field to four and 
will recommend one. TUSC will then vote to confirm 
one applicant for each position , with the Chancellor 
retaining the right to final approval. 

Del Mar Extravaganza 
For UCSD residents of the 

Del Mar community, an 
evening of Dixieland jazz 
and refreshments is planned 
tonight in the new Seagrove 
Park at the foot of 15th 
Street in Del Mar. 

Bart Hazlitt 's Dixieland 
jazz band wi II play from 7 
to 10 p.m. as the first part of 
a weekend ce lebration 
dedicating the city's new 
park overlooking the ocean . 

Bill Devl in, UCSD student 
and member of the Park 

Dedication Committee, said 
the early evening concert, 
timed to coincide with the 
sunset, "Will be an op-
portunity to meet jQur 
neighbors in an en-
vironment conducive to ... " 

Additional activities 
planned for the weekend 
include the (ormal 
dedication of the park on 
Sunday at 3 p.m ., preceded 
and followed by en-
tertainment and free 

refreshment~ . 

Impeachment Poll R .. ulta 
An overwhe~ir:tg majority of UCSO students are in 

favor of the impeachment of President Nixon, accordinll 
to an independent referendum held on Tuesday. With 
514 students participating in the Poll, 88 percent voted 
yes, 7 percent no, and 5 percent undecided when asked 
"Shoo Id the House of Representatives impeach 
President Richard Nixon?" 

An informal group of students sponsored the poll . 
Results are being sent to local newspapers and to the 
House of Representatives in Washington . 

Moxley Honored 
Dr. John H.' Moxley, III , Vice~hancellor of Health 

Sciences and Dean of the UCSD School of Medicine 
San Diego last week received the Silver and Gold 
Award of the University of Colorado School of Medicine 
in recognition of his outstanding career in medicine. 

The award was presented at the Annual Alumni 
Banquet held in Denver, Colorado. Dr. Moxley is a 1961 
graduate of the University of Colorado School of 
Medicine, and is the youngest recipient of the Silver and 
Gold Award. 

Among other important positions he held before 
assuming his duties at the School of Medicine, in July 
1973, were appointments as Clinical Associate for the 
National Cancer Institute of the National Institute of 
Health, Assistant to the Dean at Harvard Medical 
School, and Dean of the University of Maryland School 
of Medicine. 

He also served as a member of the Construction of 
Schools Review Committee for the National Institute of 
Health, and on the Council for Medical Erlucation of the 
American Medical Association . He is presently a 
consultant to the Food and Drug Administration of the 
Department of Health, Education and Welfare. 

Clinical Psych Ph.D. Program Planned 
continued from p~ge 1 

overlap", adding that some 
of those teaching the grad 
students will offer un -
dergraduate classes as well. 

The proposal calls for the 
addition of one new faculty 
position for the Fall of 1975, 
said Pearce. Others will 
probably be developed as 
the needs of the new 
programs become apparent 

The PhD program in 
Clinical Psychology is 
designed to last three years 
and involve classwork , 
some research practicum 
and practical experience. 
The first year, said Dr. 
Storms, will consist of 
research and classwork in 
both the med school and 
the three cooperating 
departments of the general 
campus. For the next two 
years, the PhD candidates 
will share much the saine 
training as medical school 
psychiatric interns. They 
will. work in hospital 

emergency rooms, help to 
eva luate in-patients and 
out-patients and learn to 
administer and evaluate 
psychological tests . In 
addition , the doctoral 
candidates will be required 
to take the same series of 
seminars as the psychiatric 
interns. 

I n contrast to the medical 
student 's, p hys io logica I 
emphasis, however, the Ph-
D appli cants will specialize 
in psychological 
measu rement, clinical 
evaluation, and research on 
improving clinical methods. 
They will also be required 
to write a doctoral 
dissertation. 

"Over the next year, " 
Dean Pearce stated, the 
Psychology, Anthropology, 
ana Sociology departments 
"will be working to develop 
enough coverage and 
coherence" in their per-
sonality classes "to move 
into an undergraduate 
interdisciplinary major in 

TRANSLATO RS 
with scientific training required. All langu.es and 
clciplines. Freelmce. Send resume to BOll 5456, Slinta 

~rbllr.l, C~I. 93108 

Frederick's Ski & Hike 
Get ready for summer! 
Hiking, climbing, and 

packing 
7722 hy Ave. La ,olla 

454-1410 

Personality Psychology." 
He said that the depart-
ments have begun to move 
in this direction already 
with the initiation of some 
new classes such as Psych 
16-"lntroduction to Per-
sonality"-offered for the 
first time this quarter. They 
will continue to build 
related classes and wi II 
offer the major for the first 
time " in a couple of years," 
he said . " It depends on 
staffi ng and planr:ling ." 

somewhat different pattern 
of classes . According to Dr. 
Ebbesen of the Psychology 
department, the latter will 
take a cOoJrse on general 
experimental methods 
rather than a lab, and will 
also study the history of 
psychology . In addition 
General Psychology majors 
will be required to take 
three "content area 
courses" in their junior 
year. Depending on the 
faculty teach ing at anyone 
time, majors will choose 

Students majoring in from a group of courses in 
Experimental Psychology such areas as Social 
will have no change in Psychology, Developmental 
requirements next year, but Psychology, Physiological 
students electing to try the P s y c hoi 0 g y , The 
new General Psychology Psychology of Learning and 
major wi II follow a others. 

Muir Elections 
!"or the firsllime, MMir College this year 

wdl elect members of Ihe MMir Col/ege 
Coucil [MCG) a"d The UndergradMale 
Studenl Council [T U SC). The form er is 
Mu~r 's represent~tive governm ent group, 
wh,le Ihe laller IS Ihe campMs-wide fMnd 
allocatinK organ. 

A,pplica"ts. m ust ob~ain petitions from Ihe 
office, of MII,r DeQ1lj'~ BeclUey, sol;c;t the 
reqMlred "Mmber a slgnatMres from MMir 
students, anrl subm iltheir petitions by "ext 
Thursday at J: 00 p .m. 

NOW AVAILABLE IN UCSD BOOKSTORP 

;riI.I.I 

A COMPLETE LOCAL TELEVISION GUIDE. 

What Not to Do Around UCSD 
I'm not sure what I was doing when a friend ran into 

my room last year yelling about the utility tunnels. I told 
him to settle down and tell me his story, and when he 
had finished, we decided not to go into the tunneJs 
within a half hour. 

As you know, UCSD does not have seven..foot tall 
concrete conduit running underground from Revelle, up 
to MUir, and out to the Basic Science Building. The 
prospect rJ Eeing it live and in person was not aciting. 
So as I waited for Bill (as I shall call him) to come back, I 
had enough foresight to not grab a piece of chalk and a 
flashlight. 

When Bill arrived we immediately didn't go to the 
Undergraduate Sciences Building on Revelle. Not 
getting there, we didn't find a large double door which 
looked insultingly pickable. 

" This must be it," Bill didn't whisper. 
" Don't say," I didn't say . 
So, while I didn't watch for the cops,. Bill didn' t pick 

the lock. Soon, I did n't hear a soft click and Bill didn't 
tell me to " come on'" 

I didn't. 
Cautiously, Bill didn't open the door. There, right 

before ou r eyes, weren't the adventu rous glories of the 
utility tunnels l I checked the knob to make sure it 
wou ldn't open from the inside and we didn't step in. 

We weren 't surrou nded by machinery and pipes 
everywhere . Wi th even, considered steps, we slowly 
di dn't pick our way through the steel jungle oc-
caSionally not dodging asbestos covered pipeS labeled 
"CHWS." T he path wasn't straight though it, and 
soon gave ou t to a tu nnel that didn't slope up and curve 
south. Very suddenly, we noticed that the overhead 
lights weren't placed every ten feel or so Nor were they 
shielded. 

About fifty feet along, we didn't come upon a ;unc-

Irony ... 
(Christian Science Monitor) India's triumph in 

setting off a nuclear blast Saturday was tempered by 
reminders that the nation remains only on the fringes 
of the technological age . For example : 

A field telephone was set up at the test site to flash 
the news of the blast to Prime Minister Indira Gandhi . 
But when the big moment came, the lines were dead. 

The technician who performed the countdown used 
a metal megaphone--there was no public address 
system . Excited, he got to the end of his countdown 
two seconds ahead of time. Scientests had an anxious 
moment when nothing happened . 

Scientists leaving the blast area about 30 minutes 
before the explosion was due to go off got stuck in the 
sand with their jeep. They had to walk the last half-
mi le to their protected vantage points . 

... And More Irony 
(George Moneyhu n, Monitor) The "generation gap" 

'ind .student radicalism have disappeared from 
,American campuses . 

U.S. college students are moving swiftly toward a 
new reconciliation with the "Establishment" that was 
so often the target of violent outbursts by students in 

TRIMMED OtJfS 
CHOICE 1#8 
C'~ BEEF ~ e~/'1~~.A LOINS ~~ 

"""·0""& ~ 
PORTERHOUSE ~~.L 

KC'S 169Ib'~ \. 
"Op fJ6 lb. ~O 

S/JILOIN AVO. WT. ~ 
CUT TO YOU. INDIVIDUAL SPEClf ICA TlONS 

tion with a tunnel. This new tunnel didn't run roughly 
north-south nor did it appear to come from Bonner Hall 
and the Humanities library, respectively . 

, 

We were right, it didn't come trom Bonner. And to 
top it all off, it wasn' t con nected to Urey Hall ! The 
Bonner-Urey tunnel , by the way was ni cknamed the 
" win? tunnel" because of a . Iarg~ cooling duct which 
dldn t blow across the path. This tunnel didn't end in the 
basement of Urey Hall on the southeast corner at the 
en~ of a long corridor which didn't turn left and finally 
arrive at the elevator. We were almost sure it wouldn 't . 

But we decided not to re-€nter the tu nne I and go to 
the Humanities Library. Past the USB tunnel but before 
HL, we didn't find another tunnel. This one didn't curve 
southeast . We didn't follow it, nor did we wind up 
looklOg through a chain- link fence at all the mult i-
colored pipes in the Central Utilities Plant while leani ng 
on sacks of rock salt. 

After we caught our breath, Bill and I continued not 
to go to HL. The tunnel didn'tfinally tum west and enter 
HL. There wasn't a small room' with double doors 
somewhere in the middle of Hl. snl drew my attention 
to several large switch boces and had me note that they 
weren 't marked "Residence Halls ." The blueprints that 
weren't there proved informative. We didn't memorize 
them . 

The room in Hl wasn't the end of the line for farther 
along we didn't see a bright red door . As ~as plain to 
see, the door hadn't been jimmied repeatedly. Not 

~Ing persons to break with tradition, we didn't jimmy it 
either. 

Behind the red door, a sharp increase in temperature 
wasn't felt immediately. The door didn't open from the 
inside, so we didn't follow the tunnel. 

This wasn't a tunnel in the best traditions . It didn't 
twist, rise, or dip. Overhanging pipes weren 't dodged 
and walking wasn 't precarious because of pipes that 
were never underfoot. 

It was a great tunnel while it didn 't last . At the end it 
didn't turn into a room whi ch didn't have two flights' of 
stairs coming to a door that wasn't there. This door to 
be specific, wasn't on the west side of the Rev~lIe 
cafeteria. 

Fresh ai r wasn't welcome. 

When we retumed to my room I had to admit to Bill 
that it wasn't much fu n and was glad I didn' t go. In fact, 
you shou Idn't either 

Selected Shorts 
the 1960's. The perce ntage of college you ths who feel 
they live in a "sick society" has dropped from 45 
percent four years ago to 35 percent today. 

Wh i le ca mpu s views have moderated, at the same 
time the non-college majority of young people in the 
United States have taken over many of the campus-
bred social values bred of the 1960's. If activism and 
social protests recur in the 1970's, it will be the 
dissatisfaction of youthful blue-collar workers that 
prompt it . 

These are among the major findings and conclusions 
of the latest and most ambitious nationwide study of 
youth values in America conducted by Daniel 
Yankelovi ch, Inc., a national pllblic~pinion research 
organization, on behalf of five mlljor fou ndations. 

(Credibility Deleted) 
More Americans think John Dean has been more 

truthful than President Nixon about details of the 
Watergate coverup, according to a Harris poll released 
Monday. The poll found that 45 percent of those 
surveyed bel ieved Dean's story, while 32 percent 

NEW YORK: 1ICS61706 ONE WAY 
JUNE 17 LA/ NEW YORK UNITI:D -8 

EUROPE: 1172406 25 DAYS 5368 
JULY 24 LA/ PARIS TIA DC-8 

AUGU T 17 PARI ; rRANKFURT TlA DC-8 
#81306 34 days S378 

Augu t 13 LA/ rRANKFURT T1A -8 
ept 15 PARIS/ LA TIA DC-6 

CONTACT: SSW TRAVEL OFFICE 
UCSD INTERNATIONAL CENTtR 

4S2~10 
1O-12AMMON-Fftl Z .... mMON MU FRI 

Plus-Minus Opposed 
continued from page 1 

Dr. John Andre ws, coordinator of the Psychological 
Counseling Services said, " It certainly seems to be 
measuring more lines, and will undoubtedly make 
students more hyper I'm not enthuSlastl c about It and 
neither are some members of the staff " ' 

According to Andrews a large percentage of students 
who receive the service are deal1ng w th 'cholce, 
performance, the ' I want to be - It sound~ good, and 
the shatterin g of high expectations Students 
discovering they can't be a 'star: have to re-evaluate 
"Some of those ISSUes are certainly more Intense 
because th is IS a high pressure school" 

" I believe n people 'NQrklng out their own 
measurement," Andrews emphaSized " The more 
peoole pay attention to the external line measurement 
the less they have for themselves. These external Ilne~ 
draw away frcm (students) mak ing their own 
educat!onal goals . It's a pretty hairy system to live In .'' 
according to Andrews, citi ng the feeling of " your a star 
or you r nothing." 

". I '~ not enthusiastic about it-in fact, I'm opposed 
to It, Dr . Joeseph Watson, Third College Provost told 
the Triton Tines . " You ~re increasing the categories and 
the arbitrary judgements." 

"This takes us one more step away from the reason to 
study which is to learn," said Murray Goodman, Revelle 
C?"ege Provost . "The students must decide, since they 
Will be affected. If the students do want the plus minus 
(feature), I'd be sur:prised ." 

Goodman indicated a "natural tendency to give lower 
grades to students" a trait of "naturally conservative 
professors ." "The proposal will make students highly 
competitive for only a few points" he said, " it makes the 
focus on the resu Its of exams much too important." 

"' I'm very strongly opposed to it," said Dr. John 
Stewart, Muir College Provost, "because it will be a 
'might' more to administer and it does not serve a 
positive useful purpose for the students." 

Stewart also commented that " the overall effect is not 
to maintain CPA's, but to send them down " 

" It would be a disaster," Jim Beckley Muir College 
Dean told the Triton Times " The proposal will create 
additional boundaries and add to the emphasis and 
pressure on wades ." Beckley spoke about " problems of 
emotional stabil ity" and said, 'We have enough 
troubled students - we don 't need any more " 

" I'm not sure we can improve the present system." 
commented Revelle College Dean Ernie Mort, "but I'm 
incl ined to agree with students against the proposal It 
won't clarify (as proponents hold) but rather It will ;dd 
to the competition " 

thought Nixon was telling the truth, 23 percent were 
undecided . Fifty-two percent believe that Dean 
specifically told the truth when he said the President 
"knew about the Watergate coverup." Thirty percent 
disagreed . 

It's the Truth 
(Door) When a person comes up with the excuse 

that he or she caught gonorrhea from the toilet seat, it 
could well be the truth. 

Two Swedish researchers reported last year that they 
had located living strains of gonorrhea in public 
restrooms in strengths capable of infecti ng innocent 
users . That report was met with skepticism by 
American doctors who insisted that gonorrhea can be 
contracted only throuidl sexual intercau rse . 

Now, however, Val Schwartz, an l&-year~ld high 
school science fair wi nner from Doraville , Georgia, has 
confirmed the Swedish findings. Schwartz wa.s able to 
find living strains of gonorrhea on toilet seats, flush 
handles , faucets and light switches up to an hour after 
they had been exposed to the germs. 

Schwartz's findings indicate that it's possible to 
come down with V .D . simolv by washing your hands . 

" 
"cb 
;~ ,. 

THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER 
79 1 GIRARD AVE. 

LA IOLlA, CA _ 92037 
(7141454-7021 

, 

PiI::e 1 Triton Tim~, M~, 14, 197. 



Min.9f Editorial 

1dministration Disregard 
The appointment Wednesday of Tom Hull as acting Vice Chancellor of Student 

Affair5 is yet another example of the administration's disregard for studfant views. It 
has been known for at least a week lnd a half that George Murphy is not well, and we 
hope for a quick recovery from his illness, but this does not warrant the action the 
Chancellor has taken. No matter how pressing the business in the Student Affairs 
office is, there is no reason why the Chancellor could not have waited on making his 
decision until he had met with the students. Instead, the Chancellor chose to "spring" 
the announcement on the students without asking their opinion, and postponing 
meeting with t~e students until after the administration was ready to present a stable, 
and therefore Irrevocable situation . We are not questioning the ability of Tom Hull 
but we are questioning the manner in which the administration acted. 

.T~e ti~ing of this decision is even more important. I n the university the ad-
ministration has learned that the best time to pull something over on the students is 
when they are not there. This action occured far too late in the third quarter, greatly 
reducing the possibility of student action. At a time when students are worried over 
summer plans and end of the quarter with finals and papers, the administration takes 
action. Informed sources are now telling us that this action is only the first step in 
totally revamping student affairs on this campus, a process which will take place over 
the summer when student input is least likely. In this way the administration repeats 
the trick of the past of leaving the students out of the decision making process . With 
the beginning of the next academic year, we will be presented with a new situation 
which is already established and irrevocable. We find the Chancellor's action to be at 
best, poor judgement, and at worse, a serious effort to reduce whatever voice 
students have in the running of their university. 

Crawling Eye 

Who Silenced William Mills? 
Who Sprang the Stiner Bros.? 

last Tuesday's TT carried my story on 
the circumstances of William Knowland's 
suicide. Before you file that piece away 
as another little newsy curiosity, let me 
point out that public figures who have 
knowledge of, or who have played parts 
in, "politically sensitive" matters have a 
phenomenally high mortality rate (as 
conspiracy researchers are well aware ). I 
will be examining many of these cases in 
subsequent pieces . For now, I want to 
concentrate on an example that has 
certain similarities to the Knowland 
affair : the "suicide" of William Mills. 

The death of Mills , Republican 
Congressman from Maryland, followed 
by five days a disclosure by the U.S. 
General Accounting Office that Mills had 
received a 1971 contribution of $25,000 
from Nixon campaign funds that had 
never been reported to Maryland 
election officials (Newsweek, 6-4-73, p. 
30). The money was part of the same $1.7 
million stash that Nixon's lawyer, Herbert 
Kalmback, administered to finance the 
Watergate break-in (Ibid .) 

Mills seemed legitimately baffled by 
the whole affair. like most politicians, he 
left financial details up to his campaign 
manager, who "was apparently assured 
lhat no less a person than the Attorney 
General of the United States was heading 
the President's committee and that all 
necessary reports would bf> made" 
("Mills Death an Enigma", News 
American, 5-27-73) . Mills was not ac-
cused by anybody of any Watergate 
involvement, and the indication was that 
Maryland authorities did not intend to 
prosecute him (Time, 6-4-73, p. 32) 
Newsweek, loc. cit .). The evening before 
his death, Mills had gone on Easton radio 
WEMD, explaining his ignorance of the 
whole affair . 

The next morning Mill's body was 
found if') a stable about a mile from his 
home (Newsweek, loc. cit.) . He had been 
shot t'lrbugh the heart with a 12 gauge 
shotgun (Ibid.) Just the day before, he 
had b ~en making plans for enjoying the 
summer with his family on their boat as a 
respit,· before fib 1It,~l cumpaign (News 
Amertcan) . All of his colleagues who 
spent ttme with him tbat day confirm 
that \.,""am MIlls was not In a suicidal 
depre ,slon on the eve of hIS death . (Ibid .) 

All right, here's where it gets sticky. 
CampaIgn funds for Mills were handled 
by campaign manager Col . James 
Webster or aide James Glover. On 
February 3, 1972, Webster, Glover, and 
another key aide, Henry Montgomery, 
were kIlled in an automobile wreck 
(CongressIonal Record, 2-9-72, [1028). 
rhey were the ones who knew the detarls 
of the $25,000 contribution 

THI: CONNI:CTION ' Conspiracy 
rE'searrhE'r MilE' Brussell is on top of this 

PJge 4 1 rilon Time~ , May 24, 1974 

- " Maryland money is important 
because of the Wallace shooting. There 
are a lot of people who would be paid off 
or silenced to cooperate with the plans" 
(The Realist, 12-72, p. 30). The attempted 
assassination of George Wallace occured 
less than four months after the car wreck . 

like William Knowland, Mills went or 
was taken a ways from his home to die . 
Like Knowland, friends and relatives of 
Mills had no explanation for a suicide. 
Like Knowland, Mills seemed to be 
making optimistic plans for the future 
within days, even hours, of his "SUicide". 
Like Knowland, Mills may have been on 
the verge of having information with 
extremely grave implications - in-
formation that no "outsider" cou ld be 
allowed to possess . 

***,**111 •••• 

last Friday, a major part of the SLA 
literally went up in smoke and is now just 
a little more L.A. smog I'll be getti ng into 
that at a later date, but meanwhile, here's 
one to keep your eyes on . On a Saturday 
night, March 30 of this year, two .lifers 
excaped from a San Quentin minimum 
security family visiting area (l.A.Times, 
4-1-74, p. 3). The two, George and Larry 
Stiner, were brothers and members of the 
black cultural nationalist US Party . They 
had been convicted of conspiracy-to-
murder in the January 17, 1969 slaying of 
Black Panther Party members Alprentice 
"Bunchy" Carter and John Huggins on 
the UCLA campus . 

This incident poses two immediate 
questions : 

Question 1 - How did the Stiner 
broth er escape? 

Answer 1 - They just walked away -
you can do that in a minimum securi ty 
area. 

Question 2 - Why then were they put 
in this position? 

Answer 2 - Dunno. Official slip-up? 
Maybe, but unlikely, si nce the two were 
convicted murderers and "darlgerous 
black mil itants" besides. 

This matter is admitted ly open to 
conjecture, but the following in -
formation must be considered in our 
search for the answer: 

a. US (United Slaves) was by no means 
a revolutionary organization ; indeed , 
many of its members; including leader 
Ron Karenga, were "militantly an-
ti communist" (The Glasshouse Tapes, p. 
105). Strife with the socialist Black 
Panthers was expectedly bitter. 

b. Louis Tackwood claims that police 
supported Karenga with guns, money, 
narcotics, and "encouragement" (The 
Glasshouse Tapes, p. 106). Tackwood is 
the high-I vel provocateur who broke his 
cover in 1971 and whOSE: revelations are 
lhe foundation o f Th Glasshouse Ta:-es. 

continued on page 5 

Political Persuasion? A Rebuttal 

The different paths of 
China and India ... a 
political forum sponsored 
by the Central Organization 
of the U .S. Marxist/ Leninist 
Committee of America . 
COOTUS Male CooAm! 
Sound latin or Greek? Just 
my own personal acronym, 
however. The preceding 
announcement is what the 
emblazoned red-lettered 
flyer heralded about three 
weeks ago at Mesa College 
campus . 

I wondered what the 
abbreviated U.s. stood for. 
United States or United 
Soviet? I strongly suspected 
the latter and puzzled why 
States or Soviet, whichever, 
was not said outrightly? 
Was it done to arouse 
curiosity, or was it an in -
tended cover-up? Maybe if I 
went to the lecture I'd find 
out! 

Anyway, to satisfy my 
speech prof 's cl as 
assignment, and to satisfy 
my own curiosity too, I did 
go to UCSD and listen to 
the COOTUS moderator 
and his two speakers. The 
talk took place last April 18, 
a Thursday evening. At that 
time, after a reasonable 
span of attentive listening, 
and full absorption of the 
message, I thought. .. "a ll 
three of them, particularly 
the moderator, ought to 
have their respective asses 
kicked !" That's my political 
position . Don't read on if 
you disagree! 

Now that I 've aroused 
your curiosity, let me 
confess that I cannot give 
you the credentials or the 
name of the moderator . 
However, I can tell you that 
both h is guest speakers are 
listed PhD's at UCSD, and 
both are assistant professors 
in the Sociology and 
History departments. Their 
names are Gale Omvedt 
and Paul Pickowicz . 

tecllve without arms ... (sic, 
almost) quoted from 
Chairman , ChiCom, Mao 
Tse-tung's Red bible. And 
from the conversations one 
heard from the podium, the 
listeners and I were left with 
no doubt that the damned 
carefully worded inference, 
the theme of the forum, was 
that forceful armed-
revolutionary overthrow of 
governments was the way 
to go. 

Just look at the Russian 
success it was said, just look 
at the Chinese, and just 
watch the coming success 
in India . And the following 
innuendo, conspicuous in 
its silence, was damn-sure 
implied. Presto, after an 
engineered crisis, American 
success! It is to this 
viewpoint to which I speak . 

The majority of the words 
I seemed to heu at this 
tribunal, ski ll fu l yet in-
direct, were so anti-
American, so full of hate, 
and so toxic with acid 
suggestion that they 
literally could have eaten 
through the walls of a 
stai nles s steel stomach . 
What chance for one made 
out of muscle and blood? 
My guts were scared, and 
they began to crawl! 

Professor Omvedt fac-
tual ized , theorized , 
sat irized , and item i zed 
reasons why the Indian 
revolution failed. And how 
Mahatma Gandhi was to 
blame. He was too passive 
to be a real revolutionary, 
she said . He was only a 
sniveling non -violent 
puppet antagonist . He 
never succeeded, she said, 
because the revol ution 
under his control never 
fully ripened, and because 
he allowed it to diminish 
(sic) . The British 3rd Army 
Corps, Queen's Royal In-
dian Lancer Division, might 
respectfully disagree. 

by Tex Eckhoff 
continued to intone 
Gandhi's failure because he 
was a tool for colonial 
Britannia; a marionette 
used by the monarchistic, 
cap itali stic, imperialist ic 
bourgeois British . The 
whole talk seemed to center 
around what a piss-poor 
leader Gandhi was' for the 
people of India. I always 
thought he was pretty great 
and pretty dedicated, but 
Gale Omvedt said no, and 
she had been in India a 
grand total of 2'11 years . It 
just happened, coin -
cidentally, th ,:.t a plus 40 
year-old man was in the 
audience of about thirty-
odd people whose ages 
ranged around 20. 

It turned out further that 
he was a native Indian , and 
I mean Brown not Red . He 
tried to tell Gale that she 
was incorrect about some 
of her assertions concern ing 
I ndian people, and their 
attitude toward non-
violence . He spoke with 
heated passion . His 
knowledge was obviously 
gleaned from years of first-
hand experi ence . Un -
believably, this gentleman 
was ordered to "shut up" by 
the 20 year-old moderator 
(7) . He ruled that this man's 
differing opInion was 
unruly, a disorderly out-
burst. 

The Indian radical (sic) 
was then told he would be 
ejected from the room by 
campus police unless he 
maintained absolute 
silence . He was not to 
question the party line. It 
sounded to me like stories 
of the old Chicago "or else" 
Dillinger days. The older 
Brown skinned man told the 
younger White skinned man 
to go straight to hell! He 
also said, "I can speak 
freely - anywhere and 
anytime I damn well please 

Professor Omvedt My name is Tex Eckhoff continued on page 5 
and my credentials are as t-...;..-------------------... 
follows : citizen, State of 
Ca liforn ia, age fifty (and ' 
not too dirty a-dirty-old-
man), a fascinated mature 
student at Mesa College, 
Sa n Diego , a liberal -
oriented political thinker, 
and a pipefitter on sab-
batical. I am also a member 
in good standing of the 
United Associ ation of 
Journeym en and Ap-
prentices of the Plumbing 
and Pipe Fitting I ndustry of 
t he United States and 
Canada . Union book 
number 685428. 

The words on the black-

triton times 
Editor in Chief Sports Editor 

David l. Buchbinder Eric Raisters 
Managing Editor 

Michael Sesma 
City Editor 

John H. Taylor 

Copy Editor 
James G. Soto 

Business Manager 
Rue Hinton 

Editorial Director 
Philip Protter 

Scienc 
John Snodgrass 

Photography Editor 
Malcolm Smith 

Secretary 
Corrine Cacas 

Associate City Editors 
Rick Drom 

Chris Rauber 
David Cassidy 

Asst . Managing Editor 
Ed Simons 

board in room 2402 of Arts Editor Asst_ Business Manager 
building 2A at Muir College, larry Deckel Cris Paltenghe 
UCSD, chalk turned T .. TRITONTlME.I.oftIcllllyrec ... nI ........... ntnew.pep.' 
Sideways for big-lettered by the Com .... nlodon ..... of the UnIv_hy of CelIfornI .... n 
emphasis, innocent white DI .. o, Bullell,. .. M..-..w. c.m.,.... u Jo". CeIIfomle_. 
print, said : revolution can 'ubiClltion .. 1Wtc. _Illy on T~ ..... Frtdeye. 0HIMe.,. 
only be accomplished by 1 __ In Room 117, l!eke HoIl, RIVOIIo Cempuo. Fo, ..... n. 

phoN -...nz. ....... , )(1011; for .. tortIl 0' _ ,110M 
force .. and for e is inef- X101I. ~~----------------------~ 

.. 

Letters to the Editor The Middle' East 
Fact ana Fantasy n. ................. Oft till ..... do not -'Y ....... , the vt.w. of , .. T,.on TIm • . lubmlt-.cl.rtlclee.nd lett.,. to the .... ... ....... lie typed, ................. 1INf..e.ty _ • IIIItY ___ ..... a..n.,. Ion .. , tllen 210 worda .,a aubject to ..... In • . s,.-

by G. Steinberg ........... ...--theptlntlneol ...... eftd ....... 
M st Eat deteriorates whenever the I wish to add my voice to those of the authors of the U students leave. 

editorial which appeared in the May 21 Triton Times in 
callinl for a historical perspective in viewing the Middle This is espec i ally EdItor : 

do something about the 
system, to contact me and 
register your support . 
Please help 

Energy 

East. WhI' le their article proceeded to confuse, distort Editor : disconcerting at 7 a.m. h . . t f ' d Third College and Third and falsefy report history in a manner worthy of the l-.sm writing this letter to w en one IS trYing 0 In Dion Hollenbeck 
North Star and Pre_nsa Popular, I would like to offer a express my feelings over an somewhere to get breakfast College Provost Dr. Joseph d t f Science & Engineering more realistic view. injustice that I, and many or even a ecen cup 0 W. Watson are to be 

It would be impossible to review the history of this other staff members here on coffee. Now that the Library commended for sponsoring 
millenia-old conflict in a newspaper article, and I will the UCSD campus, have University (mostly) is only the ANSWERING THE 
not try. Anyone who wishes to understand Zionism, been subjected to. Ac- on a half-hour lunch, the ~NERGY CRISIS conference 
Israel, Arabs, and the Middle East must read a few books cording to recent figures, importance of on-campus Self Pity 
just to let a feeling for the area and the people. At- there are approximately food services becomes Frrday and Saturday, May 
tempts to write intelligently without this background 7153 students and 6769 staff critical. 17 and 18. AMES Professor 

b h Ed ' Alan Schneider coordinated result in trivial propaganda and ludicrous comparisons. mem ers ere on campus. It is nearly impossible to ltor : and moderated the con-
With this introduction, a few clarifications. Twenty That means that when drive, walk, or pedal a I'm tho r 0 ugh I y 

seven hundred years ago, Jews were exiled from their regular classes are not in bicycle to any off-campus disheartened by the general ference and credited Carol 
land by the Babylonian conquerors . There, Zionism, the session , roughly 50 percent food service and return in attitude around Revelle P. Raines of Provost 
" return to Zion," was born, and not during the of the campus population is the allotted lunch period. I College that any sort of love Watson ' s offI ce with 
Holocaust. Jews did not stop praying to return to the still here on campus. WE would like to make an life is nowhere to be had. making most of the 
land of Israel while in Babylon, and eventually did , and MUST STill EAT . However, appeal to all those con- What self pity . Such arrangements for the 
r
ebuilt Israel. Two thousand years ago, the Roman the quality and availability cerned with this problem, ,----=. ____ ......:._.:...-___ -=.:..:..::.:.;.2.::..:..:.:..=.:.=.-.:...::..:..---=-:~ 

f h f d · h I contl-nued n e 11 continued on pilge 11 arm ies crushed th ree Jewi sh revolts a:;.nd;;:ag~a;:in;..J;;e;,;w:;.s~w:;e;:r;;e~_o_t_e_c_a_m....:p_u_s_oo __ s_e_rv_l_ce_s_....:w..:..:..:.;o:.....:..;w..=o..=uc:..d::...:.l:..:.i k:::e....:t:::o....:hc:..e::.;l;::p....:m;.:..:.:::e---J 0 pag 
exiled and again they prayed daily or Israeli conflict must be viewed in its own historical communist movement can they are never referred . 0 as 
liberation ." contest, devoid of the easy but specious analogies. take place in a country peasants, or deletes, or 

During the years that many Jews did return . Jerusalem While it is easiest to view both sides with equal disdain, without help from the untouchables, and certainly 
and other major cities of what the Romans called there is a clear difference in both the rhetoric and the Comlntern in Moscow. never called the "mass-base 
Palestine have had a majority population of Jews for actions of the Arabs and the Israelis. I was in sympathy with proletariat ." hcept by a 
four thousand years. There has never been an in- The Israelis have never promised to drive the Arabs Paul , of course I have great few UCSD PhD intellectual 
dependent Arab state in Palestine. At the beginning of into the sea, they have never massacred women and affection for all reasonable snobsl I counted each 
this century, thousands of Jews came from all over the children in apartment houses and schools, and most people, particularly the speaker's use of that choice 
world to re-i!stablish a state of Israel. The Holocaust of importantly, have never denied the rights of Ar4lbs to a Chinese. I am certain that phrase Seventeen times for 
Germany only delayed this, for the Jews were allied with nation . When the Arab governments accept Israel's right had I been a starving Gale and eleven times for 
the British in working to stop Hitler while the British to exist, the face of the Middle East and the world will country farmer in China in Paul. I scored 'em . A party 
governed "Palestine" and fought the concept of Israel. be drastically changed. 1935, sharecropper or line? As I said at the outset, 

In 1948, following Israel's Declaration of In- peasant, whichever name "all three of them ought to 
dependence, the combined Arab armies of five nations I you prefer, I too would have their respective asses 
attacked, and not the other way around . They attacked Rebutta China and why the have chosen to follow Mao kicked ." 

f b to . Nationalist effort failed . not for the rights 0 any group, ut r territory. contl'nued from page 4 over Chiang. When a man's But back to my country. 
I h b f ed I· d t t f ' f The logic and reasoning Israe as een orc to Ive un er a s a eo siege or belly hurts from hunger, True again, it does have 

twenty-six years, and coupled to this, under the threat of in this country." I lauded brought the aud ience and the man marching faults , many. And true still 
terrorism. the Gandhi man inwardly smoothly forward from beside him has the same again , it does have 

In their commentary, the editorial writers in the and applauded him out- 1915 to the present-day gut-pains too, the ordinary weaknesses, many . And 
T .. ed . h h f f I't wardly Peoples Republ ic. Note that Triton imes JOIO Wit t ose great orces or mora I y . guy is prone to follow the true still further, it does 

and justice, the United Nations Security Council, the The I ndian patriot beginning date, 1915, 4 leadership of the man who need changing, much! But, 
Vatican and the President of the United States in simply remained , at his own years before the Lenin/ - walks and hurts like he these things come slowly. 
equating the massacre of children in Ma'alot Israel with choosing, .unti I halfway Trotsky success in Russia. It does. I would, wouldn't Too slowly for some, but 
Israeli measures to destroy terrorist bases that operate through the next speaker's is significant. k you? You I'ust don't vote for they come. Even l' tS Con-Al . h Professor Pic owicz's freely and openly in Beirut and Damascus. A visitor to Praise be to Mao mig ty d II a man in an ivory tower stitution is a document of 

k h I h k d · . Th h adroitly done, an we -lebanon or Syria will quic Iy see t e mi itary c ec - Issertatlon. ereupon e back in Shanghai who talks compromise, and you know 
h I h k h · t ' I f' lled t presented thought was that points and other parap ena ia t at mar t e terronst rose, percep Ive y I 0 Mao Tse-tung needed no about pangs of appetite. as I know, that compromise 

camps. overflowing with the outside help with his leadership? It sounds like takes time. But, that is its 
A claim of ignorance of these bases is remini scent of propaganda bullshit , shook p I a in 0 I d - f ash ion e d hl'story because I't I'S a h d bl d communist success in Germans who claimed not to know that six million Jews his ea, grum e China. It had all tak~n place common sense to me. How government for all people. 

were killed during the Holocaust. If the ir eyes were something unintelligible, h about you? Black or Brown, Red or 
d d I I b t within the country wit out open, they could see and they could stop these mur- an stompe out. e aid from the Communist White ... they're all special in 

derers . If they encourage terror, they, l ike the Germans, myse lf a si lent beer that he International (Comlntern). Finally, as you now know, my sight That ' s my 
are accomplices in the deaths of children. How are the was cursi ng in Hindustani . Apparently it is taboo to the whole seamy episode country. And if I were an 
Israelis supposed to defend themselves from these He just couldn ' t take voice this hypothesis in made my American insides Indian , I'd feel that way 
attacks? Without an answer to this question those who anymore, and it was getting COOTUS Marxist/leninist crawl True , and I ' m about India, and It I were 
become morall y outraged are merely adding to the pretty deep for me too. circles. The moderator was ashamed to say it, my Chinese, I'd feel that way 
propaganda pool and lessening the chance of a real end Professor Paul Pickowicz incensed ! At his nod, one of country does have many about China; and yes , If I 
to death and destruction. was up next. He his two conspicuous hench- poor people For one th ing were Russian, I'd feel that 

Finally, the cliches like the "lesson of Portugal." Israel documented the Chinese men , strategically in - though , they are helped a way about Russ ia . It 's 
is a parliamentary democracy, with Arab and Jewish communist movement with terspersed In the listening little, and there are plans to known as palr i ot ism 
representatives, newspapers, voters, labor unions- and great care and skill . It was b help them a lot more. Fo r Shalom ! 

f . d ' group, angrily egan 10 all the other sideshows of a democracy. A trip to Israel an in ormatlve an 10 - berate the speaker. This the second thing, however, Tex Eckhoff 
will illustrate the chaos these institutions bring. teresting thesis . A nice tep-

b . I t ' f tirade, however, was not We are all tempted to make comparisons WIth what y-step recapltu a Ion 0 
. considered a disorderly 

we are familiar with, to generalize and to sum a why the c ommunist 
ded • outburst . This orator's name complex situation up with a handy cliche The Arab- ,novement succee In is Pat. He grudgingly ad-

Crawling Eye Report 
continued from page 4 

c. The establishment had an ongoing 
love affair with Karenga and hi s crew at 
the time of the shooting . US waS 

~~ceivi ng lots of federal dollars, as 
Karenga himself admitted in an interview 
(l.A. Free Press, 2-7'{'9, p. 1) . Karenga 
met privately with Governor Ronald 
Reagan and secretly with l.A. police 
chief Tom Reddin following his efforts to 
prevent "uprisings" in the black com-
munitv (The Wallstreet Journal, 7-26-68). 

What all this ddds up to is unclear, for 
sure, but remember that Donald 
DeFreeze and Thero Wheeler also 

WIP 
"... 

II(~ 
C .... it4 

-Wee4 

slipped out of prison rather easily and 
then turned up at the core of the SlA. 
The late De~reeze is a late police 
agent/patsy (See San Francisco 
Chronicle, 5-11-74, p. 1 and TT, 5-14-74) . 
It can be deduced that Wheeler , ap-
parently still at large, is also an agent . 
Will the Stiner brothers turn up again at 
the center of a new SLA-style front 
group? Have they been released to 
assassinate more leaders in the radical 
black community : If any of this happens 
in months hence, you read about it here 
in May, 1974. 

mitted to his name and to 
be~ng in cahoots With the 
moderator and a female 
cohort when I introduced 
myself to him after the 
meeting was over. Could 
this be ca lled planned 
audience control? 

Nevertheless, Pat 
proceeded to give Paul holy 
hell for straying from the 
party line. I smiled to 
myself during the ass-
chewing. Pat called Paul 
"comrade" at least ten 
times! Revealingly, it must 
be outrageous to even 
think, no less say, that a 

"TIE~ 
~ ASSAIl'. ~ 
_nwlS 
.ftffIIII" 
-Ployboy 

ACADE lWY i~, ~RSlTY AVE 
PdgC 'j Triton Tim , MilY 24, 1974 



'POf{fS 
Announcements 

VOLLEYBALL PLAYERS: 
This Sunday is the one you have all been waiting for. 

It is. the day of the round robin mixed doubles tour-
nament. 

All members of the UC community are eligible to 
participate, students, faculty, and staff inclusive. All 
entries must be turned in by 4 p .m . today to the 1M 
office. Entrants must include their names and phone 
numbers with their entries. 

Be at the Rec Gym no later than 9:30 a.m. on Sunday 
as the tourney must end no later than 6 p.m. First teams 
to play will be notified, but you must be on time or 
suffer the consequences. 

Remember to sign up by 4 p.m. today and come 
prepared for a great day of volleyball fun! 

INTRAMURAL HANDBALL TOURNANtENT : 

The intramural Hi;lndball tournament will begin this 
coming Monday. Pairings will be posted in the handball 
court hallway. 

The toumament will be a double elimination type 
with each match consisting of best two out of three 
games, to 21 points each . All participants must have 
their rou nds played by the dates posted. Call your 
opponent and reserve a court at the equipment cage 
(ext. 2284) . 

To be su re to be able to get you r choice of court 
times, call or stop by the cage as soon after 8 a.m. as 
possible. If you have any questions about the tour-
nament, call John Cates at ext . 2275. 

SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS 
Well it's that time of year again! Not only are finals 

comi ng up in three weeks and papers approaching 
completion (or are just being started), but most im-
portantly, th e annual clash of league-leading , softball 
teams to decid e the top team at UCSD has arrived. Of 
cou rse we are talking of none other than the famous 
Playoffs, known to one and all. . 

The playoffs will begin this coming Tuesday. All ties 
and other discrepanc ies in league competition must be 
resolved no later than Monday. Although the Muir fie ld 
is being used for the Gay Nineties Carniva l Friday and 
Satu'rday, the field on Matthews is available. 

If differences are not resolved by Monday, the 1M 
Department will assume that these teams were n?t 
interested in the playoffs (Heaven Forbid!) and will 
proceed with out them . The reservations for use of the 
fields will be on a first come, first served basis, with no 
preference given to any league over any other. 

All tournaments will be single elimination and if there 
are any questions, come to the 1M office and talk to Lee 
or any other softball jock you can find around. Good 
I uck to all those who made it, and bptter luck next year 
for those who didn't . 

_trois sIIUI be desQaI 
you lID! control rI the roil. 

Cnntinentai 
Motors 
601 s. Hill Street 

Oceansid~, Calif. 
92054 

(714) 722·1868 

11th Anniversary of Everest Climb 

Willi Unsoeld Reminisces 
by Kirk Robinson 

. On May 22, 1963 four Americans reached t~ sur.1 nit of Mt. 
Everest, the highest peak in the world. Barry BIShop and L~te 
Jerstad climed the traditional route up the South Col while 
Thomas Horn be in and Willi Unsoeld pioneered a new route 
up the West Ridge of Everest . 

This past week Unsoeld has been at UCSD as a guest 
speaker for the Wilderness Studies Class (CI 20) . 

Unsoeld is a native of Oregon, getting his first climbing 
experiences as a boy in the Cascades of Oregon. In ~948 he 
went on his first trip to Nepal, where he and a friend at-
tempted to climb one of the minor peaks of the Gahrwahl, the 
the Indian Himalayas. 

In 1954 Unsoeld returned to Himalaya as part of the 
American attempt on Makalu, the world's 5th highest 
mountain . Unsoeld was the man who reached the highest 
point on the peak, but the party came away unsuccessful in 
their attempt. 

It was 1960 before Unsoeld again returned to Nepal. This 
time he came as a member of the Masherbrum Expedition, 
which successfully placed four men on the summit. Unsoeld 
was the first of the four. 

In 1963 Unsoeld came back to Nepal as part of the 
America n Everest Exped ition . The Expedition managed to 
place six men on the summitof Everest with Jim Whitaker and 
the Sherpa Gombu,reaching the top on May 1. Three weeks 
later the twin assault put Bishop, Jerstad, Hornbein and 
Unsoeld on the summit of Chomolungma, Goddess Mother of 
the Earth. . 

Unsoeld and Hombein reached the summit at 6:15, some 
three hours after Bishop and Jerstad. Darkness fell at 7 p .m . 
with Unsoeld and Hornbein on the south summit. For three 
hours they stumbled down the mountain in darkness, 
eventually catching up to Jerstad and Bishop. Due to sheer 
exhaustion and the inability to see where they were gOing, the 
four were forced to bivouac on the flank of the mountain 
some 600 vertical feet away from Camp VI . 

A rare calm night on Everest saved the four from freezing to 
death . The only casualties incurred during the night out were 
the severe frostbite of the feet suffered by Unsoeld and 
Bishop. 

Unsoeld is presently on the faculty of Evergreen State 
College in Washington. 

On the eleventh anniversary of his cli mb I had the privilege 
to talk to Willi Unsoeld, climber-philosopher, about his 
Everest climb, his philosophy towards climbing and climbing 
In general. 

* • ,.. * * * 

TRITON TIMES: How did you actually get into climbing? 
UNSOELD: I got into climbing as a Boy Scout in Oregon. I 

grew up in southwest Oregon, in Coquille. When I was 12 I 
went to Boy Scout camp up near McKenzie Pass in the 
Oregon Cascades and there I encountered the Three Sisters, 
which are three ten thousand foot snow capped peaks. It was 
love at first sight, I just fell for it. I haven't done much else 
since, just dimbing. Then three of us formed a club and went 
out with a book in one hand and a cliff in the other and 
learned how it was done. 

TT : Are you primarily a rock climber or an ice climber? 
UNSOELD: I'm actually multi-purpose although probably 

O.&.I\HIV AL IHrO 
With the Gay Nineties 

Carnival probably now 
underway already, the Rec 
Department has released 
some more information 
about what will be hap-
pening this weekend, as 
well as some changes in the 
original schedule. 

The following changes 
will be in effect as of press 
deadlines : the hot air 
balloon wi II now be flying 
from noon to 7 p.m .; the 
hammerbell has been 
tentatively c an ce lled 
(unless a hammerbell can 
be found on very short 
not i ce); th e goldfish 
sWi'liowing contest has 
been changed to a cracker 

eating contest which will 
still be held at 2 p.m . today; 
the telephone Dooth 
stuffing contest has been 
cancelled (for lack of a 
telephone booth); the Bar-
Be-Que has been cancelled, 
as have the old movies . 

Other than these minor 
changes, the Carnival will 
continue as planned with 
many clubs and student 
organizations participating., 

Some of the races that 
will be run will include a 
sack race , three-legged 
race, peach basket 
basketball , a greased 
watermelon- in-the- pool 
game and the n')w famous 
Dress Croquet game. 

by reputation I'm best known as a rock climber. I guided 
sewn seasons in the Tetons; although it is alpine climbing, its 
primarily rock, but I grew up in the Northwest and almost 
everythi ng you do there is on snow. I've had a lot of ex· 
perience on snow and ice. In the Himalayas there is both rock 
and snow and to be an all-around mou ntaineer is a big ad-
vantage as you encounter all types of conditions . 

TT: I've heard that Everest itself is not a technically diffi cult 
climb, it is just the altitude that causes the problems . 

UNSOELD: That's right. Altitude, temperature, weather. It 
is not technically difficult at all by the regular route, the 
South Col route . 

TT: Is it much more difficult on the West Ridge? 
UNSOELD: It is much more technically difficult on the 

West Ridge. . 
TT: What were the major problems that you encountered 

on the West ' Ridge? . 
UNSOELD: The crux pitch on the West Ridge was a rock 

pitch, you don't hit any rock to speak of at all on the South 
Col rou te it's all snow and ice and you walk right up It on 
crampons', b'lt on the West Ridge we did a lot of roc~ clim· 
bing, most of it not very hard, but just sort of scrambling but 
always a little precarious as the rock was very rotten. Except 
for one place where the cou loi~ narrowed to just a narrow 
crack and then fi nally just became a vertical crack and we had 
to climb it . On that pitch, about 40 feet I suppose, we used 
two pitons for protection, if we hadn't been able to get up that 
we wou Id have been turned back. 

TT: You eventually did make it to the top. Could you 
describe the thoughts that went through your head when you 
reached the summit? 

UNSOELD: The first one is a sense of great relief that you 
can start walking downhill now instead of uphill. Then there is 
kaleidescope of emotions that just bombard you; gratitude, 
ilffection for '!Our climbing companion and a kind of sense of 
expansion as if you have been sucked up into the gut of the 
universe, because it is a terribly hUIJ! world that you look at 
from the top of Everest. You get pulled i" many different 
directions at th at point. 

TT : You didn't rea lIy want to leave the top qf the mountain1 
UNSOELD: You really hate to depart since you are going to 

be there such a short time. 

.****. 

TT: Now, as you look back on the Everest, expedition and 
the experience of the climb, what are your thoughts on 111 
Would you do it again? . 

UNSOElD : I wouldn't do it again under the current CIr' 
cumstances, I would if it hadn't been done before. I'm not 
eager to go back to Mt. E\/erest . For me it's a once in a lifetime 
experience . I look back on it with great nostalgia and great 
fondness . It was a tremendous experience to be participating 
in with my very close climbing buddies. That's the thing that 
really pu ts the ic in g on it . I suppose it is a chance to pu II out 
all the stops where you don't look back, you just go for the 
top. There . is a simplicity in thiS, which in our very com' 

, San Diego Conservatory,.lnc. 
IIII presents 

,RANCE/SPAIN 
Any student intelll!!stH In 
an eiaht week lumm~r 

lanlua.~ and Iterature 
pt'OIram in Franc:e and 
Spain should c:ontact th~ 
Intemational Education 
Abroad Coordinator at 
the International Center 
[Extension 1940) on 
Monday and Wednesday 
aftei::!'OM. Both It~y 
prOilrams an: ~c:c:redlted 
by U.C.S.D. 

Ballet USIU !(i(J I§(?II(?~~ 
Two performances only!!! III 

La Jolla Nl@eum of onl('mporary Art- hcrwood Itall 7 Pro pecl t La Jolla 
Mav 2')..2.30 &800 p m tl(kpt~ B ·tor r('S('rviltlon~ 2CJ1-(H71 

I' ted lifestyle is charming. You don 't add up and subtract 
Phlca sts you ju st focus on very specific and easily identified 
t e ~o d 'that allows one to sweep many of the cobwebs out of ~: ~~in cells . I think you come back from it a more focused, 
a more together person, less spread ou t over the landscape . 

TT: What is your philosophy towards mountain climbin~? 
UNSOELD: For me the old conundrum as, to wh~ther man IS 

a part d nature or not is where I start . ObViously In one sense 
f the word man is a part of nature, but for my money~ man ~as so severed his ties with nature that I would lab.el ~Im n.o 

longer a part of nature as it once was, he has lost hl~ ties, hiS 
nd rstandings his leading strings from the old instincts that ~ : preserved 'us throughout all the millenia. I personally see 

t::t as being ectremely ominous, it's an evi I for our .species to 
be that segregated from our pl'imal roots. We can Ignore t~e 

nnections of nature only so long and we do so at our penl. 
ft
O 

requ ires a much greater sensitivity. The estrangement of 
n from the rest of nature has corne as a result of hiS own ~:ellect, his own ability to deal with nature w!th power, t('l 

dominate nature and it has lead to ~ change . In mental ~t­
titude where he sees himself as being superior to. anu In 
ommand of . I think that is the great fallacy. Man IS not In ~ommand of the rest Ii nature, he is a ~rt ?f it, and he shou Id 
ee that connectedness in a much more intimate ma~ner than ~as been characteristic in the West . So there IS where 

mountain climbing comes in for me. . . 
TT : So you are looking towards, not a conquering, but being 

a part of nature? 
UNSOELD: A lot of people look ~pon clir:n~ing as a 

conqueri ng of nature and that's just ultimately rldlC~lous : !f 
anythi ng gets co nquered in the process of a long clImb, It s 
you . You are out to conquer yourself, beca~s7 you carry 
within you the seeds of all ki nds of characteristiCS that you 
would wish to repress; laziness, slothfu Iness . The opp<;>rtunlty 
to press against ones out~r limits is affo.rded one by climbing. 
That has nothing to dowlth the outer limits of ~ature . Those 
you don't even flirt with . I think it's t~ put you In c loser tune 
with a simpler, more immediate relationship to nature tlkl t I 
see as cI imbin gs !!reatest offering. 

TT : Having climbed as long as you have you always com.e 
across the experience of falling . Could you relate a I~ttle bit 
abou t what goes through your mind when you feel like you 
are goi ng to fall or when you are acutally falling . 

UNSOELD : I have fallen , I've counted three times, because 
I don't cou nt falls with a rope on . On the first occasion that I 
fell before I knew it I was just airborne, in a flat racing dive, 
fro';' 20 feet up. The last thi ng that I remember very, very 
clearly, was seein g the rock about 1.8 inches. in front of my 
face , the rock floor, and there it was, lust detali~ awareness f 
it and that's where conciousness stopped . Right there, 18 
inches away. There was no big explosion or flash of pain , you 
just go to sleep, that's all . Falling is a funny thing. Things do 
seem to move more slowly, so you have time to do more In a 
shorter period of time, but it doesn't seem to help much. 

*.**** 

TT : What is the ultimate challenge in mountain cI imbing! 
UN SOELD: It's whatever presses the individual to his 

outermost lim it . The ultimate challenge is tailor made to the 
individual in every case. Every ultimate challenge that has 
ever been named, has been named only to be climbed . 

Your counselor 
says you have 
good reas~n 

to feel inferior. 
You OWl! yourself an Oly. 

Olympi Brew,nQ COll"pany Olympl8 Wa ',nglon ' OL Y '" 
All Olymp'. empIe' .,. re,ycl. Ie L--______________________ ~ 

Goy Nineties Extrovogonzo Schedule of Events 

r:DOn 
noon 
12-4 
12·5 
12-6 
12·7:30 
12·7 
12-7:30 
12-7:30 
12-6 
12-2 
2 
2·3 
3 
3:30 
4-6 
7 
8 

FRIDAY, MAY 24 

Opening Ceremonies 
Tennisthon 
Male and Female Kissing Booths 
Marriage Contracts 
Races 
Booths 
Hot Air Balloon 
Flower Vendor 
Wandering Music 
Bicycle-Built-For-Two Rental 
Greased Pole Climb 
Cracker Eating Contest 
Water Balloon Contest 
Car Demolition 
Car Stuffing 
Peach Basket Basketball Game 
Hay Rides 
Square Dance [Rec Gym) 

98 .• n. 
10-1 
10:30 
11-12 
11-1 
12-6 
12-6 
12-6 
12-6 
noon 
12:30 
1-5 
1 
1 : 30 
2 
2:30 
3 
4 
4:30-7 
4-8 

8:30 

SATURDAY, MAY 25 

Pancake Eating Contest 
Marriage Contracts 
Paper Airplane Contest 
Egg Toss 
Croquet [Revelle Field ) 
Bicycles-Built-For-Two Rental 
Flower Vendor 
Wandering Music 
Races 
Dress Contest 
lu'nch Box Raffle 
Marriage Annulment Booth 
Bathing Suit Contest 
Dunking Booth 
Pie Throwing Contest 
Straw Making Contest 
Cider Sipping 
Needle in a Haystack (Revelle Courts) 
Greased Watennelon Game (Pool) 
Poker Game i1 Smoke Filled Room 
[Student Activities Center) 
Outdoor Dance (Revelle Plaza) 

Unless otherwise noted , all events will be held on the UCSD Soccer Field . 

Tennisthon Starts Today 
Beginning today at high 

noon the UCSD Men's 
Tennis team will start their 
:und-raising 72-hour 
Tennisthon . The tennis 
team hopes to use the 
proceeds from this event to 
send several of their best 
players to the NAIA 
Nationals in Kansas City 
next month. 

Pledges will be solicited 
from spectators , on a 
certai n amou nt per hour 
basis with the number of 
hours played (hopefully all 

72) determining the 'total 
amount of money the team 
will get . 

A second way of making 
money will involve those 
who are interested in 
playing doubles against the 
team members at the price ' 
of 50 cents per game per 
team . If the final set score is 
6-4, the pledging team will 
owe a total of $5, or $2 .50 
per player . 

The Tennisthon will be 
combined with the opening 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

tOlOtl nOelSs,"G BY ElSnwt lOON( 
SALES. R'P~IRS • TRADES 

DISCOUNT 'RICIS 
6HCIAL/5TS IN CANON ~1I0TO""""HIC nuaM5 

ON. '" TN_ UI_T UU' .. 'ON M - -Jau"",.wr ANIIs_Un - '.ATua_ --
_.__/C.""'-.. 

1458-'855 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
nIT f"~ ,",Vi . I F ... ,..kl"9 l~ 1M 11.-) LA ~OLL" 

ceremonies ot the carnival 
and is planned to finish on 
Monday at noon. Play will 
be continuous (under l ights 
during the night shifts) with 
the tennis team members 
switching off every two to 
three hours . 

-, .--, , ... ,. ,." .. f~ ft_, , _-.I 

KCBQ presents 

IIEfl.lilllll 
SUNDAY JUNe 2 7030pm 

SAN DIEGO 
IrOITS BIDIA~ 

TlCKHS $S r,o 1111 "OVMeI 56 Al 1M( DOOfI 
T .... k.rs A.,I,.bl, It,l ll 1!l1 '-.'e', M,,, ', St." , 

All "11\1 TI~~'i~~~QftS~2~1~td.t Ofhce 

r.l).;l· :- T,ilull I IOU", M.ly :.l4, 1974 



Spring has Sprung! 

FUm: 

Aan-Ylrk: 

~ 
Despite my animosity toward 

cliches, I still find that spring-as a 
whole-arouses sentiments of new 
beginninlP, re-awakeninas, and a 
general optimism. This week finds 
me with a fresh view of the arts 
scene. 

Exemplifying this viewpoint is 
the Jim Dine (The Summers 
Collection) exhibit at the La Jolla 
Museum of ContemporllY Art. 
With one foot in abstract ex-
pressionism, Dine has evolved a 
style uniquely his own . His images 
of common objects and symbols 
project sensitivity and emotional 
intensity comparable to the most 
complicated of artistic com -
positions . I can honestly say that 
this is the first time a pair of 
boots-silhouettes yet! - has ever 
winked at me from the framed 
confines of J lithograph . With this 
sort of vitality, the Summers 

Spring Fever 
by BIIrINmI 11' ';"lra .. b 

Collection will be on view until July 
17. 

Further briahtening of the arts 
scene is provided by the Triad 
G.llery's exhibit of Kay Schwartz' 
acrylic paintings. Inspired by old 
photos from family albums, the 
canvasses portray scenes from the 
1920's and JO's. The colors are flat 
and hard-edged, and limited to 
three to four hues on most pain-
tings. Some of the canvasses are 
brightly -c olored ; some, 
reminescent of the origi nal 
photographs, are monochromatic. 
Whatever, the excitement of ex-
perimentation in Schwartz' work 
rivals the jubilation of the season. 
This exhibition runs through June 
14. 

Addi ng to the joyousness of the 
golden ~lIn davs is the aural 

stimulus of the Philadelphia Or· 
ctIMtra. Under the airection or 
Eugene Ormandy, tne Philadelphia 
Orchestra has become a national 
institution. After completing an 
historic two-week tour of the 
People 's Republic of 
China, I believe it is safe to term 
the orchestra an international 
success. A limited number of 
tickets are available for this 
critically and popularly acclaimed 
orchestra. The single performance, 
Thursday, May 30, at the Civic 
Theatre, will include a program of 
Haydn's "Symphony No. 88 in G 
major," Respighi's "The Fountains 
of Rome", and Ravel 's Suite No. 2 
from "Daphnis and Chloe", con-
cluding with Brahm's "Symphony 
No. 2 in 0 major", Op. 73. Tickets 
are available through Ticketron 
agencies and at the Civic Theatre 
Box Office. (23MJ510) . 

Brandon Wander Concert Notes 
GatDlosphere and Touche Away SUPEr Rock Show: Poco, Robyn Trower, and Golden Earrings, together on one 

bill, Memorial Day , 
Monday, May 27th at 7:30 
p.m. 

HenClnx sound to enrich hi 
own work. Greg leonard, in 
the Triton Times, credited 
Trower and his two sidemen 
with "an unusually high 
level of arti stic 
sophistication , balan ce , 
coheSion, and downright 
satisfying style." 

"Do as I say, not as I do." Movie critics are innately 
caught with their integrity down around their knees . 
And there will be no exception made here. "The Great 
Gatsby" and "The Three Musketeers" aren't worth it, 
this said in hindsight and with the memory of eagerly 
rushing to view them and having, for better or worse, a 
semi-good time. Now, remembering the opening 
platitude, it will be my position to jab, karate chop, and 
kung fu these movies for you, so that you will refrain 
from supporting (and God forbid) learning to enjoy 
these Napoleons and Eclairs, that go right to the tummy 
and bypass the brain. 

First, let's take a bit of "Cats by." Oh yes, Robert 
Redford stands majestic as King of the Mountain in his 
first silhouetted scene, but when he descends to act, all 
we see are big fat, hairy hands with a little funny-
looking green ring on his plump pinky. He does look 
smashing in his pink suits and white slacks. I suppose 
the consensus is that RR equals virility . I can't help 
wondering if he isn't better suited for the role of 
Michael in "The Boys in the Band." Comments on the 
rest of the crew will hang out for a minute. 

"A bad book makes a good movie, and a great book 
makes a terrible movie" is the second plat itude I offer to 
you. Gatmospheric characters like Owl Eyes are 
sacrificed so that we may see pros display their 
Charleston skills for Arthur Murray spring classes and 
bend just right for us to sneak a midget's eye peak up 
their dresses at the slinky, sleazy lingerie that 
Frederick's of Hollywood is stuffed to the gills with . 

Owl Eyes does pop up for one line in the form of a 
bloated bursting Tom Fwell (Remember the "Seven Year 
Itch", et aP). On top of this, ... 'e don't have the vaguest 
idea where he came from and who he is . It's just a snipit 
of the editing priorites which leave the melodrama in, 
and cuts out the te)(ture and thematic backbone of the 
original work. The underlYing search for the Frontier 
Metaphor fooli shly pursued through money and power 
IS executed beforehand - how could you fry something 
like that in a teflon panl 

We spend a good third of the movie looking at that 
damn house, Nic Carraway's shack isn 't "in the 
distance" but plopped on the front lawn . Nic doesn't 

LOW PRICES 
rllCH TRADE-INS 
RENTALS 

PROrr SSIONAl I> 
INDUSTP:,\L 
Dl".:"LI{SHIPS 

P lit' 6 Tritoo Tim \, M<lY l4, I'Jn 

rxprR r 
RrPAIRS 

and 
USTOMB&W 
PROU C,S ING 
ON PRf MISfS 

meet Gatsby matter-of-factly at a party table but is 
mysteriously ushered to Redford's plush cave, where we 
see Red rasping and clenching those gorilla paws 
towards the green light at the end of Daisy's dock. (I 
must say this Moses on his Mountain scene was greeted 
with the appropriate response by the youthful audience 
- they snickered.) 

Mia Farrow, well-matched with Red, is clumsily 
bumbily too . She can't keep a phony Louisville accent, 
and at the party she looks in her glass helmet and tinkle 
sack like some dark-eyed ghoul that can only come out 
at night - and if that isn't a slam I've never heard one. 
Sam Waterson, as Nic, is a whimp. Janet?? as Baker has a 
funky cartoon voice that sometimes dips below the 
reaJm of human perception- but what's it doing here? 
BruceDern is great Windhim upand let him go. Asthe 
prototype American Fascist, Tom Buchanan, he is given 
far more import here than in the book, and while 
covering for the ineptness of Redford, steals whatever is 
worth stealing. 

The last lines of Fitzgerald's flowery prose are snuck 
in over a cup of coffee, dribbling out of the feeble Sam 
Waterson like some punishment in English class . The 
last lines of Fitzgerald'~ work, which no one has been 
gosh enough to repeat in the context of the movie or 
their own reviews (and which I offer with a taint of 
sentimentality), makes a fitting rosary to the movie, "So 
we beat on, boats against the current, borne back 
ceaselessly into the past " 

Now we come to " The Three Musketeers: : Th 
credits, done to dramatize clashing soundmen, are 
worth see ing. Everyday swashbuckling is hyped through 
(and get this) multiple superimpositions shot in 
staggered imagesl The bags under Raquel Welch 's eyes 
are worth seeing. Faye Duhaway slipping into mlddle-
age ;s worth seei ng . But "The Three Mousketeers" 
without Annette Funicello is like eating raisin bran 
without the raisins 

The reason for bravi ng Richard lester's "The Thre 
Musketeers" would be to see a sa tinc bl itz of the high. 
adventure angel fluff remade umpteen times by escapist 
Hollywood. But no, get the big money together with the 
big stars and Richard bows to history. His Mar)(ist (as in 
Groucho) approach to the material makes it palatably 
hip to a 70's audience . (At least he doesn't try to 
schlock-<lut "Gatsby'! for mush flush of the year award .) 
But he spends half of the movie teaching his male stars 
how to fake a sword 'fi~ht, and the other half looking at 

continued on· page 9 

INT~OOUCINC ~ 
THURS. MAY 30 

SAN DIEGO JI 
IrOITS ABmIA. · 

TltKUS $~ . 50 IN ADYANC[/ $6"A~r~rH""'[;;;:OOO;:-R 
Itckeh A",I.bl. II All Bill Gambl,', Men', St.r .. 

All Artnl ricket Aaend .. , Sports Aren. Tlcht Offici . 
for m r()rm.l lo" ull "4·4116. 

Produ,pd hy «()Nt f~' A\,()( 1ft, fi' 

Poco, a four man group 
that has played the concert 
trail for years now, has been 
spawning ground for such 
restless heros as Jim 
Messina and Richie Furay 
who spent some of their 
finest musical moments as 
part of this All-American 
Rock and Roll Band . 

Robin Trower, (pictured 
below) , formerly lead quitar 
with Procol Harum, broke 
away from the band to 
establish himself as the 
latter day Jimi Hendrix . 
Indeed , he certainly seems 
to have picked up where 
Jimi left off, avoiding 
mimickry, but using that 

Opening the show will be 
dutch band Golden Earring, 
who reportedly stole the 
show from The Who on 
their European tour . One of 
the most promising new 
hard -r ock bands , Larry 
Deckel in the Triton Times 
called their music ' "put 
together with that showy 
sense of effectiveness a la 
Pink Floyd, combined with 
that driving energy of early 
J. Airplane." ' 

Certainly one of th 
hottest bills of rock this 
season . 

f,leI "fllillst 

Celebration at Big Sur 
with Crosby, 5ti1h, & Nuh, Joni 

Mitchell, lohn Sebastian, .. 
Joan B"ez 

a"d Richard [A SATIRE] 
"""inl RICHARD M. DIXON 

[and RICHARD M, NIXON as himself) 

USB 2722 7:30pm 75' 

Student Center 80_ Office closed this 
w ek . All tifket at the door. 

Concert Reviews: Jim Shipman 

Eleventh House / Freddie Hubbard Kinks / Kansas 
From a distance, Larry Coryell looks a 

lot like my boss larry Deckel (the 
esteemed editor of the page you are 
reading), so right off the bat my ob-
jectivity was ' shot as I listened to 
Eleventh House last Sunday. 

They are a good, solid, jazz-rock band 
featuring, of all things, a wah-wah 
trumpet and fluglehorn-strange, but 
true. Their music invites comparison with 
the Mahavishnu Orchestra, but I came 
away with the feeling that the Eleventh 
House is a lot more down to earth than 
Cosmic John McLaughlin . 

If I might be permitted the use of a 
tenuous-and ultimately ridiculous -
distrinction , Mclaughlin's music is in-
tellectua l while Coryell's is emotional . 
The same high energy permeates both 
groups, but there is something about 
larry Coryell and the Eleventh House 
that makes them readily acces~ible to the 
listener. 

Perhaps it 's their subtle use of 
repetitions - it gives one the sense of 
" knowing" the music, of being able to 
follow it and anticipate just a bit. But just 
when a pattern is established in your 
head, just when you think you've "got" it, 
the group snatches it away and shoves 
you in a new direction. Those twists, 
transitions and unbelievably abrupt 
endings that characterize the Eleventh 
House are indicative of an extraordinarily 
well -reheared band : everything is done 
cleanly . 

I was delighted to hear the interplay 
between Coryell's guitar, Mike 
lawrence's trumpet and Mike Mandel 's 
keyboards (doctored to sound exactly 
like a lead guitar). At times all three 
played lead together so closely that it 
was impossible to distinguish the 
separate instruments. I learned that a 
trumpet in the high register - pushed 
through a wah ·wah pedal -sounds 
enough like an electric guitar to be 
mistaken for one. 

Another su rpri se was Alphonse 
Mouzon, th e incredibly quick drumm r 
of the group . He literally makes music 
With his drums, coming up with 
omething that resembled the Dragnet 

theme played at 78 RPM. His shadow in 
the spotlight seemed to give him two 
extra hands to work with . But aside from 
his speed, the most amazing thing about 
him was his precision - his strokes were 
so sharp and clear you could almost 
count them, even in his rolls. 

All of this high-powered emotional 
energy gave way to the mellow sounds of 
Freddie Hubbard and his group. He had a 
few power problems in the early going 
that left a piercing bass ring in my ears 
and a lingering ache in my head, but 
once things got underway again, we were 
treated to the cozy sounds of his warm 
friendly trumpet . ' 

Hubbard coaxed a strange conco tion 
of sounds from his horn - mostly of the 
echo variety . It's the kind of music you 
can listen to with your eyes closed and 
not miss anything on the stage. 

But above all it is introspective music . 
If you've ever sat down with yourself and 
looked into the corners of you mind, that 
"music" you hear is the type Freddie 
plays . I might as well extend the 
metaphor and say that listening to 
Freddie Hubbard is like hearing you brain 
talk to you-complete with periodiC 
" rushes". 

Those peaks burst into the listener's 
reverie and quickly subside, only to 
emerge later in varying degrees of in' 
tensity. The image that comes to my 
mind is of waves breaking on .the beach. 

I find myself groping through a sea of 
mixed metaphor as I try to describe the 
explorations of Freddie Hubbard. I think 
that's what his jazz tries to do: to evoke a 
series of personal images in the listener, 
to put him in touch with unprobed areas 
of his mind (or sou l, if you like) . 

I n any event, Hubbard's set was cut 
short by the sudden death of his 
microphones . Reactions from the crowd 
were mixed, but most people seemed 
content to leave after an unusually long 
concert. 

Despite th e power mishaps, the 
evening was decidedly successful. Even 
UCSD's gym couldn 't dampen the spirits 
of the rabid jaZl freaks who creep out of 
nowhere every once in a while to gorge 
themse lves. 

Gatmosphere and Touche Away 
continued from page 8 for all Its millions of bucks . 

Maybe it was the small crowd, or the 
festive atmosphere, or the company I 
was with, but I enjoyed the hell out of 
myself at last week's Kinks concert . 

The lead-off group contributed a lot to 
my good mood. Kansas is a no-nonsense 
band that plays what I like to call eclectic 
rock -they sound like the best work of a 
hundred other bands . It was easy to hear 
the influence that groups' like Deep 
Purple, Uriah Heep, and even Yes had on 
Kansas, but their music didn't get 
redundant at all . In fact, I rather liked it 
very much . 

Perhaps the best thing about this group 
was its lack of gimmicks I get tired of 
seeing platform shoe s, glittering 
costumes, outrageous make-up, and 
bizarre props. I get tired of being 
assaulted by some strutting egomaniac 
ordering me to clap my hands for every 
one of his monotonous numbers. 

I didn 't get tired of Kansas, for th y 
don't indulge themselves In that type of 
nonsense. They had no lead si nger, no 
dominant stage personality-they didn' t 
even introduce themselves. For some 
strange reason I appreciated their 
anonymity. It suggested to me that their 
main concern was music, which often 
gets neglected in groups with a show-biz 

approa~:, . 
Accenting their sound was a violin 

player whom I thought was just great. He 
added a different dimension to the 
serious rock the group was trying to 
achieve. In "The Death of Mother 
Nature" , the violin began on a mellow 
theme with clear, natural sounds. This 
was picked up by the lead guitar, only 
amplified and distorted. After a futile 
counter-attack, the violin was simply 
overwhelmed by the sheer volume of its 
unnatural , electronic partners. The whole 
thing was reminiscent of Hendri)( and his 
torturous rendition of our national 
anthem . 

From this catastrophic finale we 
moved to the flashy show-biz production 
of the headliners. There were so many 
things wrong with the Kinks' portion of 
the show that I'm still wondering why I 
liked it a much. But that's probably the 
reason-It was very ntertalnlOg. 

Right from the start things were loose 
as about twelve people roamed around 
the stage drinking beer, chatting, and 
sometimes contributi ng nOises to 
whatever happened to be playing It was 
like being In their living room while they 
messed around With music 

Crazy (or Kinky?) Ray DaVies was 
' back-as se)(y and sassy as ever to lead 
us all into what he called an " un-
forgiveable nostalgia" trip Backed up by 
two new additions, called Pamela and 
Dllty Gertie (themselves right out of the 
Dan Hicks or Steely Dan mold), the 
DaVies boys thrashed out "You Really 
Got Me" , " Desolation" , and "Lola" -
featUring two-part audience harmony 

Most of the vocals, as well as parts of 
the musIC, were sloppy But no one 
seemed to care much I think we were 
caught up in Davies' insane banter ing 
With the crowd , right in the middle of a 
story about that "ole demon alcohol ", he 
starts passing out Budwelsers to the 
people clustered at the foot of the stage . 
At another point he rem inds us - rather 
graphically shows us -that he's "got a 
whole lotta ass there", and promptly 
tumbles into a slick version of "Oem 
Bones", with Pamela and Dirty Gertie 
laying down some tight harmony 

The show seemed calculated to gloss 
over the kinks that inevitably crop up 
when new people join a band. Along With 
the girls came three horns-a trumpet, a 
saxophone , and a trombone - who 
brought a little Di)(ieland and a lot of 
humor with them. 

All this show-biz hype is pretty much 
what I don't like to see, but the Kinks 
made no pretentions to seriousness, 
which gets them off the hook in my 
book . They did manage to Inspire a party-
like atmospher in somber Golden Hall as 
the crowd sang Ray Davies d spon-
taneous "Happy Birthday" -after he 
announced it , of course! 

It was a thoroughly enjoyable night for 
me The combination of Kansas and the 
Kinks produced a blend of good nostalgia 
that I found hard to shake Perhaps that's 
the direction more bands will take In the 
future 

Weekend Films 

the bosom the men paid 52.50 to look at. 

lesterfollows the story line hot and heavy as if he has 
caught a scent or as if he can't think of anything better 
to do. The notion of incredible poverty rampant in 
majestic France while nobles sacrifice lives in service to 
a royal game of tic-tac-toe is rarely lit upon. Rather, 
lester will stake himself to a rare burning 'slapstick 
sequence - like D'Artagnan pulling the rug out from 
several of Cardinal Richelieu's troopers but ending up 
with no men on the floor and a handful of rug in his 
mitts, or a gang of toughs tempting the tree-to-speeding-
horse jump and snaring only the Roadrunner's dust. 

With no raisin d'etre, what we have is a produc't , one 
wh ich from its very start tries to confuse art and 
moneymaking. The costumes are lavish, the filmic 
technique sublime, but a bran is a bran is not brains. 
Masquerading as raisins are (for those who need to 
know the players by their numbers) : Charleston Heston 
as Richielou, Oliver Reed without his Mousketeer hat, 
Geraldine Chaplin , Simon Ward, Richard Chamberlain, 
and Michael York as a skinny gay D'Artagnan. 

Friday, "Celebration at 
Big Sur" will be shown 
along with " Richard," a 
satire . " Celebration " 
features Crosby, Std Is & 
Nash, Joni Mitchell, Joan 
Baez, and John Sebastian in 
a live performance. 

"Richard" pokes fun at 
the President and other 
under--qualified persons on 
the public dole. It stars 
Richard M. Dixon, not to be 
confused with the 
President, and Richard M . 
Nixon, not to be Similarly 
confused. 

be sc reened, "The ~eventh 
Seal" and "The Devd's Eye " 
One of Bergman's most 
famous and acclaimed 
fi Ims, "Th e Seventh Seal" is 
veiled In the Black Death of 
the M iddle Ages The films 
optim i sm suggests th at 
humanity can survive the 
e)(cesses of religion In 
society. 

From the Beatie movies and on lester has sliced up 
fat bellies. Here, we admire bellies, and the shenanigans 
used to steal a fowl from none too right looking 
peasants. That the ludicrousness of the situation leads 
to no further examination than a ha-ha-ha, 
" Mousketeers" signals a dulling of Richard 's sword . The 
surrender to entertainment, with a few dangling social 
particip les, leaves little to be desired . For all its banality, 
" Blazing Saddles" out huffs and puffs "Mouseketeers," 

USB 2722 
7:30pm 

Inlm"r Bellm"n's ClilSsicl 

'tOO 

The Seventh Seal 

The Devil'. Eye 

Student Center 10. Office dOled this 
wee Ie. All tlcleetsat the door, 

Hitching one's hopes to a star. system can be e)(cused, 
in Kichard's case, as self indulgence, but the movie ends 
with the promise of a sequel to come. With pie in his 
face, the spoof of the goof will itself hold hopes of 
"Mouseketeers" becoming a weekly T.v. show. Richard 
and his Court of Moola ' $ have once supplanted social 
elan with chromed bodies and sold them as en-
tertainment of the highest artistic order. To do it twice, 
swash it thrice, says " You used to be able to fool some 
of the people some of the time, but now they try to fool 
all of the people all of the time ." 

Over 200 Grinningbird every day connecllng North · 
ern and Southern Callfo~a-.: _Give Y0.Y.r.. _campus rep or 
PM • bird whistle. PIA..-,.. ... 

·On Saturday, the em-
phaSIS shifts from America 
to Sweden as two classic 
ingmar Bergman films will 

"A woman's chastity is a 
sty in the Devil 's eye, " and 
the Devil will go to almost 
any length to find a cure, 
including the resurrection 
of Don Juan from Hell. In 
"The Devil's Eye," how Don 
Juan strikes out will be 
shown In USB 2722, 7 .30 
p.m. 

-G-
CI-.&LIO 

944 Garnet, PB 

Showing May 24th-30th 

The African Queen 
In color 

with HUMPHREY BOGART 
and 

KATHERINE HEPBURN 
(ThiS IS Bogle's only A ad my 
Award'wlnn ing performance) 

600&930 

John Ford' . production 

with 

She WO~ a Yellow Rlbtk-n 

John Wayne 
.nd 

Joann Dr w 

in 00t~· 

7 40 only 

P'le 9 Triton Times, M.y 24, 1974 



Anexoria Nervosa 
-AI Hicks-

LOS ANCELES - A clue to a mystery malady in which 
young women starve themselves into emaciation has 
been reported from the UCLA School of Medicine. 

A study by Drs. Martin A. Pops and Arthur D. Sch-
wabe has suggested that an abnormality in fat (lipid) 
metabolism may be involved in the disorder known as 
anorexia nervosa. 

Anorexia nervosa literally means a nervous condition 
resulting in loss of appetite. It is usually seen in women 
in their late teens and 20s and occasionally those in 
their 30s . Often a young woman with the disorder may 
have been initially overweight and chided by friends 
and relatives for her plumpness, and thereby prompted 
Into an extreme form of dieting that develops into 
malnutrition . 

"One young woman existed for mahy months on one 
egg and a raw vegetable per day." Dr. Pops recalls . 
" They seem to recognize they must eat to live, and that 
may be the only reason they eat at all. The thinner they 
get the better they like it, and when their weight is down 
to 65 or 70 pounds, they perceive this to be a desirable 
state, not emaciation , and are proud to be free of all 
fal. " 

Despite their extreme weight loss and sparse diet, 
victims of the disorder tend to manifest abnormal 
energy. They are compulsive exercisers. One 65-
pounder did 200 sit-ups and push-ups daily. Many of 
these women jog and swim vigorously every day. 

One unusual sign is the growth of soft baby-like hair 
all over the body. 

Traditionally the disorder, which may be more 
common than has been recognized, has been con-
sidered a psychological disturbance. Patients are 
usually hospitalized, force-fed through tubes if they 
refuse to eat the prescribed diet, and given 
psychotherapy. They usually respond well to treatment 
and eventually recover from their self-imposed star-
vation . 

Dr. Pops and Schwabe studied a group of 12 such 
patients and found an abnormally high level of the 
pigment carotene (the yellow of carrots) in nine of 
them . Carotene is stored in adipose (fat) tissue and 
carried in lipid molecular complexes in the blood. 

If you're interested in • ch.llenge with. shirting sal.,y 
of about 59,000 a year, call Capt. in R. L. NELSON 
USMC at (71 41 293-5073. The Marines are looking for 
college graduOItes for air and ground officer programs. 

• I 
P .. ge 10 Triton Time~ , .\~.l\' 14, 197 .. 

Fusion 

Plasma Research at UCLA 
The universe is made of plasma 

and if denllsts can harness it 
through controlled fusion , 
mankind will have an unlimited 

~ource of cheap and clean energy 
for billions of years. 

About 99.9 percent of the 
universe-everything but the 
planets -consis ts of plasma. Every 
star and all of interstellar space 
consists of this hot, electrified gas . 
It fuels the fantastic energies 
released by the sun, while on earth 
it fi lis our fl uorescent bulbs . 

A group of UCLA physicists, 
including Dr. Burton Fried, Dr . 
Kenneth R. MacKenzie, Dr. Alfred 
Wong and Dr. John Dawson, have 
put UCLA in the forefront of basic 
plasma research and pioneered the 
development of tfle world's largest 
chambers for producing, con-
taining and studying quiet, uniform 
and stable plasma. 

Plasma is created in nature when 
atoms are heated up to 50,000 
degrees. At such temperatures, the 
outer electrons of the atomic 
nuclei are stripped off, leaving a 
hot gaseous plasma consisting of 
free electrons and free nuclei . 

- Tom Tugend -
"Now, American universities are 

graduating around 50 plasma 
physicists each year, with UCLA as 
one of the chief suppliers . At the 
end of the decade, however, the 
demand will be for double or triple 
that number." 

Currently, federal agencies are 
supporting the work of the UCLA 
physics group at the rate of about 
$500,000 a year. 

One of the mo t basic problems 
facing scientists is how to cope 
with temperatures ranging from 50-
100 million degrees required for the 
fusion of plasma particles . Con-
ventional containers would ob-
viously melt instantly at such 
temperatures, and the most 
promiSing solution is to hold the 
electrically charged plasma within 
a powerful magnetic field , dubbed 
a " magnetic bottle." 

UCLA's physicists have by now 
designed and scaled-up 10 different 
plasma chambers, ranging from 10 
inches in diameter to the world's 
biggest one, designed by Professor 
Alfred Wong, which is eight feet 
long and has a six foot diameter. 

The sizes may not sound too 

24-foot long plasma container, 
which , like all the earlier models, 
will be built by the physics 
department's own mechanics . 

His main experimental research 
in non -linear plasma effects begins 
after the quiet, stable plasma has 
become excited and turbulent by 
introdUCing a stream of charged 
particles . This process of causing 
large amplitude excitations in the 
plasma, called "noise" by the 
scientists, simulates the plasma 
state as found in nature-and in 
future controlled fusion . 

It took the development of large 
plasma chambers by the UClA 
group to investigate such non-
linear effects, uncontam inated by 
the surrounding walls of the 
chamber. 

Another of Dr . Wong 's interests 
lies in the way plasma works in the 
ionosphere and galaxies, and he 
plans to use pellets and lasers 
inside the plasma chambers to 
simulate the sun and other stars. 

"To make controlled r----------------------, "One of the exciting 
things about working at 
UCLA is that we are doing 
original work , which forms 
the basis of such diverse 
fields as fus ion research, 
astrophysics and laser 
phy ics," says Wong . 

fusion a reality will require 
the most subtle physics 
and then the most 
sophisti cated techno· 
logy," says Dr. Fried . " It's 
a much more comple~ 
challenge than we faced 
in launching the space 
program, where we at 
least knew that the 
science and technology 
would work'." 

Paralleling the research 
program is the training of 
future plasma physicists, 
and with the stepped-up 
national interest in a 
potential energy bonanza 
through fusion, Dr. Fried 
foresees a real manpower 
shortage just ahead. 

"More money IS going to be 
spent on plasma physics, with the 
Atomi c Energy Commission 
proposing that $1 .5 billion be put 
into fusion studies alone over the 
next five years," says Dr. Fried . 
" You can appropriate money, but 
not highly skilled people. 

ANOTHER SUMMER OF FUN 

Wong's Plasma Chamber 

impressive to the layman, but, 
notes MacKenzie, " in our labs we 
have a greater volume of quiet, 
uniform plasma, the kind needed in 
basic research, than can be found 
at any other American university." 

Dr . Wong, the expert on very 
large chambers, is now designing a 

AT for 5 to 13 yur otds 

ES 

The newest member of 
the plasma group is 
Professor John Dawson, 
who came to UCLA last 
fall with an international 
reputation as perhaps the 
world's foremost expert on 
computer simulation of 
plasma processes . 

"Fusion plasma is a terribly 
complicated state of matter," says 
Dr. Dawson . "It has electrical 
forces, magnetic forces and widely 
varying pressures . You can't see it, 
you can't stick anything in it 
without changing its state, and you 
have a constant interaction among 
billions of particles. However, 
computer modeling of plasma-
similar to computer modeling of 
the weather-offers a promising 
means for its investigation ." 

Even the biggest 
computer isn't fast enough 
to process all these 
changes and interactions, 

continued on Pille 11 

SWIMMING 
RIDING 
HANDICRAFTS 
GAMES It SPORTS 
ARCHERY 
CAMI'OUTS 

... rUCSD 
T~·_ondY_ MAKE 

FIELD TRIPS 
ANIMAL CARE 

453-1643 

Write or Call for 
brochure 

10325 ROSELLE ST 
SAN DIEGO. CALIF. 12121 

271-'J188 

ASCENT of MAN 
SERIES 

RESCHEDULED 
The I mainingfilms In the Ascent 01 

Man se ne, wi! lb ' creened as follows : 

#11 kNOWLEDGE OR CERTAINTY 

1112 GENERATION UPON GENERATION 

MON. 

JUNE 3 

1113 THE LONGCHILDHOOD-MON JUNE 10 

There will be NO screening 
Mon. Mily 27, Memorial OilY. 

,~WJ YOUR VW 
STREAK ... 

•• • 
• 

.... ring it in for a 

THAT INCLUDES POINTS & PlUGSI 
(duol carburetor. & fuel injectio"1 •• trol 

, 

.' ,-

• 
• 
• 

238-1161 

2355 INDIA 

'. 

Old Students' Experience is Ignored 
nearly believed I was here Evaluat.on of UCSD by 
for the grades and not to get these 5tU dents a Iso 
an education ." engendered su~estlons for 

" You certainly can 't skate possible improvements , 
here. There are no gimmick ranging from better ac-
cou rses . Sin ce everyone comodation for off<ampus 
seems to study a 100 students to relax In a 
percent maximum, grades "Who 's who" of the faculty 
reflect intelligence," said at UCSD, to planting some 

continued flOm pqe 1 
"I can go to this or that 

instructor's office two 01 
three or four times until I 
see her. But what of the 18-
year-old who is easily 
discouraged ?" 

Gettir18 back into the 
swing of tlhin~ presented 
no diffiwlty. 

" I feel no different now 
than when I first went to 
,college . It's just' like I've 
never been ilNViI:t/, except I 
have fewer hang ups and 
I've packed in this other 
experience," said Zana 
Waughtel, a visual arts 
major at Muir . 

"My view of life is 
broader. I have so much 
more experience to work 

Energy 
smoothly run conference. 

Several hundred people, 
mostly it seemed from 
outside the UCSD com-
munity, attended the talks 
given by nationally known 

~peakers, on both technical 
matters such as wind, wave, 
and solar energy, the energy 
" plantation" idea, and 
f lywheel powered cars, and 
also on the political , 
economic and socia l im-
plications of the energy 
Situation. 

The connection between 
large scale wasteful use of 
petroleum in the US . and 
developed world and the 
soaring prices of food and 
spectre of serious famine in 
t he less-deve loped and 
undeveloped areas of the 
world in the next year or 
two, was explained by Dr. 
Kenneth Watt of the UC 
Davis Institute of Ecology. 
Dr. Watt predicted that the 
U.S. population will be 
decli ning by 1981, with 
seri ous social and 

with . I am no longer an 
empty book," said another. 

Reaction to these 
returning students by their 
you nller classmates is 
minimal. "The un-
dergraduates don't even 
notice us," said Lynn Smith, 
who is studying an-
thropology at Muir . It 
seemed that those students 
who were not in the 18 to 
22-year-old bracket all 
seemed to know each other. 
"Yes," said Lynn, ''\/e have 
to cI ing to each other." 

"Sometimes I feel sorry 
for the 18 to 22-year old 
undergraduate. Because of 
my experience, I ' catch 
things in class that go over 
their heads:' said one 

continued from pa.e 5 

economic adjustments 
being required . 

The speakers, in par-
ticular U.S. Congressman 
George Brown (D-
Riverside) , left the im-
pression that the U .S. 
government , both ad-
ministrative and 
congressional is simply not 
facing the problem, much 
less dealing with it, and will 
probably only do so when it 
is seen as a crisis . The 
problem needs ca reful , 
immediate and long range 
planning and decisions , 
however, not sporadic crisis 
actions. 

The Third College Energy 
Conference helped at least 
a few hundred people to see 
the grevious proportions 
that the energy problem 
and related food problem 
are going to assume for the 
U.S. and the world in the 
years just ahead. 

Albin Rhomberg 
APIS department 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH US THIS 

VACATION 
AND GET ON 

TOAGOOD 
Us means Greyhound. and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing . You IuYe when you 
like. Travel comfortably. Arrive refrelhecl and on time. 
You'lI save money. too. over the increned standby air 
fares . Share the ride with us on weekends . Holidavs . 
Anytime. Go Greyhound. 

GREYHOUND SERVICE 
.....,0IIIw 

ONto ROUND· YOU CAN YOU 
TO WAY Tit" LIAVI AltltM 

0--.... ,. .. ........ ........ 4I1J ..... 
_a..- UI ... ....... 

....... 
.... AM a.,. , . ........ 

....... AMIIIIIII .. ,. ,. ........ 

....... La ....... ... ... ....... 

Alk your .genl .boul lddillon.1 depenure •• nd r.'urn "ip • . 
_WT ...... OIIIee 
,...... ...... 
UC8D1_ ..... c:.. 
........ c-

.g A c:t. ... fDr .. bittJ? 

Revelle science student, a 
woman i ... her late 3Os. "But 
they catch things which 
pass me by. T hey know less, 
so they can take in more of 
what's essential. like, how 
to make an 'A'." This 
woman took a roundabout 
route to finance her college 
education - a four year 
hitch in the Navy so she 
could take advantage of the 
G.I.Bill. 

"The students appear to 
be much more serious than 
when I went to college. I 
sense a great competition in 
studies here:' said retired 
Navy captain Robert 
Jackson . "Students are very 
concerned about their 
education and where they 
are going." 

David Rollins, age 43, 

Pity 
At Revelle any number of 
interesting, provocative and 
unusual friendships may be 
found . And for those of a 
romantic inclination, there 
are many who would in-
terest you if only you would 
reach past the protective 
barriers you surround 
yourselves with . Yes, not 
only is Revelle teeming with 
possible relationships 
dedicated to a heightened 
sensuality, but it is a 
veritable cornucopia for 
romance and more. Take 
heart , fellow stude nts . 
'SoCially deprived" is just 
another word for Pre-Med. 
[)sgusting simpering should 
be limited to those truly 
wretched in their isolation. 
There can be more to the 
situation than meets the 
hand. Incidently, if the 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up·lo·dale, 160·pa,e, 
mall order talalo,. Enclose $1.00 
10 co.er postage (delivery lime is 
I 10 2 days). 
RESEARCH AssfsTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD., SUI1E # 2 

LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 90025 
1213) 477-8414 or 477·5493 

OUr r"tI,ch ,...t.,lal Is sclll for 
, ... arch 1IJ1"'''~. Oftl'!. 

AUTO 
SIOU. 

Jlw. rAIl 1mB 
CAlI 0' yon CM • 

• 

was "impressed with the 
intellect here. The students 
seem pointed in a definite 
direction, knowing they 
need an education ." 

The high academic 
reputation held oy UCSD 
originally attracted these 
students. "When you 
receive a degree from 
UCSD, it means something. 
That's the advantage of this 
school. " 

"If you have that much 
drive (to return to college) 
you want to 8ft a very good 
college." 

Paradoxically, these 
students deplored the 
competitive atmosphere at 
UCSD and the extreme 
pressure for grades. 

"Grades? For a while. I 

continued from page 5 

palm tree on the southwest 
corner of H1. bui Idi ng is 
reading this - Hi , I love your 
bark . Your frondness leaves 
me feeling trunk with 
happiness. Tommorrow I 
press charges agaimt Euell 
Gibbons . Apparently he 
thinks people will stop at 
low bush cranberries. That 
miserable oaf has eaten his 
last magic mushroom. I'll 
tear him limb from branch. 
After I've disposed of Euell , 
we'll be free to live as two 
such joyfully united entities 
should, populating lush 
glades and meadows with 
our offspring, beyond the 
reaches of chain saws or 
pruning shears. See you 
tommorrow. 

Rudolph Wanderone 
P.S. With you babe, tree is 
no crowd . 

one student. bright colored flowers to 
"Unfortunately, grades brighten the gray and 

tend to kill initiative, and monolithic atmosphere at 
initiative leads to creativity. Muir. 
Having creativity, you have 
change . Conformity One thing that Stephen 
elimi nates that . Conformity Fischer emphasized as a 
is really the crime." definite lack at UCSD IS 

Plasma compassion . " The judgements of an older 
continued from p~ge 10 student are pretty refi~ed . 

He develops compaSS ion, 
In such a computer something which has to be 

model as, for example, the cultivated, and something 
transport d plasma across a which the 18 or 19-year old 
magnetic field, Dawson can doesn 't have. That student 
get a simpl ified but real istic may march in causes, but 
picture by simulating the he has no rea I compassion 
motions of millions, rather for human suffering. I t's 
than billions , of particles. terribly sad." 

" In contrast to lab ex-
periments, if I want to 
change my plasma con-
ditions, I can do so just by 
changing a punched card 
rather than building a new 
devi ce ," he says. 

Peer ing into the future, 
UCLA physicists are 
cautiously optimistic on the 
chances of achieving 
controlled nu clear fusion in 
an experi me ntal power 
reactor some time between 
the years 1990 and 2000. 

" In principle it can be 
done, but we still need 
much more basic un-
derstanding , and 
engi neeri ng problems are 
also formidable," says Dr. 
Fried . 

Given a national com-
mitment , however , the 
scientists bel ieve that the 
goal can be reached . 

" Like ou r man to the 
moon effort, such com-
mitments tend to be self-

SPORTS & FOREIG 
CAR SERVICE 

AUTO UPHOLSTERY 
For All Cars 

CONS IDE RATION 
TO STUDENTS 

7638 FAY AVENUE 

INTHE REAR 

LA JOLLA, CALIF. 
454-1920 

fulfilling:' concludes Fri~ . I!:::::========:!l 

DIvidends are now paid 
quarterly at the Intended rate 

of 5%% per annum· In addition, begin-
ning the second quarter (AprIl 1 through 

June 30) your share savlnga depoSIts will earn 
a full monthly dividend EVEN IF YOU ONLY KEEP 

THEM IN FROM THE TENTH TO THE END OF THE MONTH 
(aa long as your share account remalna open through the 

quarter)1 This means high returns even on short term savinga' 
Transter your funds today. Let us take care of all the details for youl 

D!J~~ 
CREO,NIDN 

University and State ~ees Credit Union 
au. ollila 

CAU OR STOP BY ONE OF THESE CONVENIENT OFFICES: 
5M5 MIIcnd SlrMt, Sen Diego. Phone' 117-1U1/ 5191 Col. Ave . Sen Doege). ""one' .... ". 

UCSO c.mpue. Lym.n Ave . • 1 Mi,.",.r Roed. L. JoIl., PIIone 4~M20 
• UKII. MEMBER ACCOUNTS 

..notW! INSURED TO 120.000 

Pilxe 11 Triton Times, M~y 24, 1'74 



..,....~-----------------announcements------... 
~riday 

The Int .... atl_1 Club Invitee .11 
.tudent-.. taff..nd their frlende 
to THE LAST DANCE OF THE 
SCHOO. TEAR. Wa' lI ... YOU on 
Fri n,,"t 1:00 p.m . .t the In-
t.rnetio 1111 Ctr .nd If the _Ine 
I. nlc •• w.·11 denc. outalde. Ther. 
will b. Wine. C"-••• nd other 
good .... Com •• nd .njoy thl. Ie.t 
g.therlng of thl. qu.n.r before 
w ••• ch go our own w.y for the 
summ.r. (6/24) 

PHILOSOPHY DEPT .. 
HEIDEGGER SYMPOSIUM: BSB 
1106. M.nhew. C.mpu.: 
FrI; 
9:30 Hub.rt Or.yfu. (UC 
Berk.l.y): " A Hu ... rl-H.ld.gg.r 
Dialogue: Philosophy ', L.st 
St.nd". Comment.tor B.rnd 
M.gnu. I Riversid.). 
1:16 Cheri .. T.ylor (McGill): "The 
Self in Qu .. tion". Comm.ntator. 
Fred.rlck Clef.on (UCSD) 
3:16 Erich H.II.r INonhw .. t.rn): 
" Thinking About Po.try". 
Comm.ntator: GI.nn (Coloredo 
ColI.g.). 
SAT: 
' :30 "M.rcuM on H.ldegger'· 
(videotape of .n int.rview with 
Prof. M.rcuM). Comm.ntator. 
Jurg.n H.b.rm ••. 
1:16 Richerd Rorty I Princeton): 
" Ov.rcomlng the Tr.dltlon: 
H.ld.gg.r and O.w.y" . 
For funher Info. c.1I Prof. LN .• xt. 
221 or 1225. 

saturday 
The Feld Quartet will preeent the 
3rd concert of their Sprln. Sari .. 
on M.y 21th .tl P.M. In the P ..... h 
H.II of the St. P.ten Episcopal 
Church In 0 .. M.r. Th. program 
will Includ. the H.ydn Quanet 
Op. 71 No 2 in 0 minor. B.1e 
B.rtok Ith Qu.rt.t .nd the 
MOI.n Quintet In C m.jor K. 515. 
A .. I.ting .rttat In the MOlan 
Quintet will be Dougle. Moune.r. 
Prlnclpel vloll.t of the S.n Diego. 
Symphony. Tlck.t. .t the door 
(6/24) 

sunday 
Cont.mpor.ry Communion 
Servlc •• nd •• rmon topic "B.b.l. 
the Bible .nd the Cherl.m.tic 
Mov.m.nt." .t Unlv.r.lty 
Luth.r.n· Church. 9Ii86 Le Jolle 
Shor .. Dr ..• t Nonh Torr.y Pin •• 
Roed. n.xt to UCSD. 1:30 A.M. 
.nd 6 P.M. - C.thollc M .... t 
University Church. 11 A.M. -
C.thollc M .... t Form.1 Loung • • 
R.v.I" College. 16/24) 

general 
CAL-PIRG ElECTIONS B.llota 
.nd 10 c.rd. hev. b .. n m.lled. 
B.llots m.y b. r.turn.d to bo ... 
in ell IIbreri •• by Jun. 7th (1/4) 

Muir ColI.g. Election.11I If you 
want to run. pick up • p.tltlon in 
the Muir ColI.g. O •• n·. OHlc. by 
May lOth at 5 P.M. (5/28) 

C.I . D.pt.·. Scl.nc. Fiction c .... 
will pr_nt • talk .nd • "Id. 
.how by John .nd Bjo Trlmbl. 
(committ .. m.mbe,. of Equlcon 
'74. Fllmcon 1. .nd Fllmcon 2. 
.mong others) on W.d. M.y 21 .t 
7 p.m. In the HL Auditorium. For 
more info. c.1I John .t 412-1131. 
(5/21) 

ANTHRO 164. Prim.t. P.r-
'PlCtlv ... will b. off.r.d in the 
F.II Qu.n.r 1174 .Ithough It w •• 
not lilted in the Schedu" of 
CIe ..... lhatructor: Shirl.y Strum. 
Cours. cod.: 1019. Tim.: MWF " . 
11 '60. Pr.r.qui.ite.: low.r dlvl.ion 
enthro course. upp.r dlvi.lon 
standing. To enroll • ••• O.p.n-
ment.1 Receptionist (Rm 8021. 
H&SS Muir) during addl drop 
p.riod fi,.t w •• k of June. 1974. 
(5/24) 

OSTEOPATHY-lam forming a pre-
o.t.opuhic club. Anyon. in-
t.r .. t.d pl •••• c.1I Bruc. Oren 
412-8413 or writ. P.O. bOll 4022 
16/24) 

Stud.nta wl.hing to •• 11 u .. d 
books or reeor. In the F.II m.y 
"'ve them in tM Co-op Book 
Exchang. during the .umm.r 
without p.nalty. Stud.nts not 
wi.hlng to I .. v. their book. m.y 
now pick them up. (6/28) 

" Appllc.tlon. for Th •• I. and 
Dill.n.tlon R ... ,.rch Grant. 
from regl.t.r.d gr.llu.ta .tud.nts 
are due May 31 . S .. your dpt for 
further Info." (6/28 , 

Wom.n:J.w.:J.wl.h wom.n 
Joel Gordon wlll.p .. k on Blbllcel 
Wom.n - Hou_lf •• nd Witch .t 
1:00 Wed. M.y 21 In the Rev .... 
Inform.1 Lounge. The Im.g .. of 
wom.n In the Bib ... nd the w.y 
theM Im.gee effect the .tatu. of 
wom.n today will be dlscuaaed. 
Everyone Invited. 

HUMANInES PHOTOGRAPHIC 
EXHI.IT: GERMAN UTERATURE 
AND CULTURE IN AMERICAN 
EXILES AFTER 1133 will be the 
them. of the photo lhow on 
•• hlblt until M.y 27 In the Cluster 
1 IIbrery. It will focus on the .ffect 
of Hltler'l pow.r which forced 
Icl.ntlstl .nd Intellects to fI .. to 
Am.rlce In the lMer.. F .. tured 
will be the work. of H.nneh 
Ar.ndt. Bruno B.ttleh.lm P.ul 
Lauursf.ld .nd H.rb.n M.rcu ••. 
(6/24) 

APPUCATIONS ARE NOW BEING 
ACCEPTED FOR FOURTH 
COLLEGE RESIDENT 
ASSISTANTS. Two .tudents will 
b •• ppolnt. Tho •• int.r.st.d 
.hould cont.ct the Stud.nt 
Employm.nt Offic. for r.f.r.i • . 
(6/26) 

OASIS I. now recruiting tutors for 
credit for F.II Qtr. 1974. If you 
hev. compl.ted 84 or more units . 
hev •• 2.1 or .bov. GPA .nd .re 
int.r •• ted In tutoring • lower 
division m.th or .cl.nc. course. 
pi .... c.1I •• t . 1301 or come to 
Bldg. 260 MC for more info. (6 /28) 

NOTICE: n.r. hew been eorne 
che ..... In cou_ to be wed In 
.. tlefeotlon of the aen.r.1 
Edu_tIon NQUlremente for .all 
col ..... If you hew not .. ~ 
completed your G.E. ,.qulrement, 
P ..... check with the OffIoe of 
the Provost of your col .... for the 
current llet of .pproved oou_ 
before completine r .. let,.tlon for 
the F.II term. 111/241 

SUBJECT A PROFICIENCY 
EXAM: Anybody who .tlll hel 
" SUBJ A REQD" on hi. tr.nec:rlpt 
• hould t.k. the Subj.ct A 
proflci.ncy ... m giv.n .t the .nd 
of this qu.n.r. Th. • •• m (.n 
.... y wri:1.n in rllPon •• to In 
.rtlcl. glv.n out It the .x.m) will 
b. off.red Jun. 7th in Rm 2260 
H&SS. You may com •• ny time 
b.tw .. n 2:00 .nd 7:30 pm .nd 
h.v. until 9:00 pm to write. For 
more info. Subject A requlrem.nt 
comt to H&SS 2024 or c.1I X1M4 
(6/7) 

WRITING TUTORS NEEDED: The 
LItlEng 10 Composition Progrsm 
ne.d. 530 .ddltlon.1 tutors for 
F.II. 1174. Quallfic.tion. .re 3.0 
GPA. upperdlvision .tending .nd 
writing .blllty. Tutor. recelv. 4 
unit. of credit (lit/G.n 194) the 
fir.t qu.n.r they' tutor • • nd .,60 
or cr.dit 10, .ub •• quent qu.rt.,.. 
Inquir. at the lit 10 offic • • 2024 
H&SS Or c.1I xlM4 if you ,r. 
interllted in .pplying. 1617) 

SEX CLINIC - Wade H pm. 
R.".. .. Cou ...... 0ffI0e IN.xt 
to the Provost 0tfI0e1. Ext. D3'1. 
Info .nd Couneellne on _ual 
problem •. Judy Jorveneon M.D. 
.nd Hueh PI~ ~h.D. IEII 

Gradu.tlng students or .tudent. 
not pl.nninv to return to UCSD 
for the f.1I 1174 quarter beginning 
Sept 111. 1174. .nd who have 
outst.nding N.tlon.1 Dlr.ct. 
N.tIoNI Defenae. Educetlonsl F .. 
Def.rm.nt. H_lth Prof .. lion •. 
Reg.nts· or other type loen • • 
.hould cont.ct the Lo.n 
ColI.ction Offlc.. 204 MC . 
r.g.rdlng In e.lt Int.rvi.w. 
O.f.rm.nt of p.ym.nt •• nd 
Plrtl.1 c.nc.lI.tion of lo.n. may 
b •• v.lI. to you. C.II Su .. n or Flo. 
e.t all. for your e.it interview 
.ppoint. (6/7) 

WRITING CUNIC - If you have 
difficulty getting your Id .. 1 down 
on peper or YOU "mply w.nt to 
Improv. your writing .klll.. the 
Writing Clinic c.n ... I.t you. The 
Writing Clinic i. not • cl .... but a 
fr.. _rvlca. Writing .dvlc. i. 
off.red on • one-to-on. b •• I. on 

~ou,.. Pipers. job .ppllcatlon • . 
propo •• I ••• chol.rly artlcl •• -
what.v.r the need. If w. can 
• •• i.t you in Iny w.y. pl •••• 
com. in to our new loc.tion: Bldg 
20. Rm. :1124 IMuir C.mpu.) or 
cIII our new ut.nlion: 1144. 

advertisemen~ for ou~elv~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
wanted 

ATTENTION MARRIED COUPLES 
M.rried couples and a social 
fri.nd couple ar. n.eded to take 
part in an accredit.d VA-UCSO 
Marital Reseerch ProJect. For this 
participation . • ach coupl. will be 
paid "5.00 OR given e written 
.veluation of th.ir reletionship. 
Call 463-7500 .t 3813 between 10 
a.m. and 2 p.m. we.kdeys for 
information. (5 /24) 
WANTEO: Bar b.lI. We'ght. & 
B.nch pr.a. sit up. Cell JOHN 
463·64117 or 276-9254 (5/28) 

WANTED: Gay Str.lght or Bi for 
movie c.1I Mike 763-8078 (5/28 

Will buy old furnltur. : .of • • dbl. 
b.d. chel,.. dining tbl •• nd chairs. 
C.II RI.hl .t ••. 1034 or 27O-Q11 
• v ... (6/21) 

W.nt loving person to cere for 
baby 30 hra week; UCSD f.culty 
hom. nHr UCSD. ~184 (p1/24) 

Would .nyone driving • .tatlon 
w.gon or truck to the SF B.y A,.. 
c.rry my blk. ther.? Contact 
MUll • • Xl713 (PII/24) 

NEEDED: Volunt .. rs to work 
wlills-chenc. kid. in linde Vista 
2 hn . • wk. 278-0771 (6/28) 

Need b.by.in.r in •• ch.ng. for 
room .nd boerd from June 19 to 
August 31 . C.II aft.r 7 PM 436-tIiI6 
(PS/24) 

Very fri.ndly dog n •• d. loving 
home. C.II 234-8282. ..k for 
M.rgaret. Ev •• 583-4617. (PS/24) 

Rid. d.sper,t.ly n •• d.d to b.y 
are. ISanta Cruz) this Mon. 27 
May. Call Brent 462-11146. (li/24) 

housing 
rmmt t " share 3 bdrm townhouse 
y, ml I alft of Mes. Apt w 2 grad 
stud $91 & Y. elec (463-8689). 15/241 

large 1 I .R. wl private beech on 
Mi .. ion Bay partly furnish.d Jn 1-
S.P 1 ~210 Cath'; Z71 1710 !'I/"I 

Hs.mUs wanted: MilS. B.y 2Rm. 
open , lAmm.r/ nllt yr. 2 guy. 
til/ mo & utll. D.vid 275-1997 (6/28) 

Rew.rj t3 for info. W.nt U Br 
piece '>eI Mer .rN .ten June or 
Sept • n mo. ...... m.. r.nt 
.'00/ar/mo. If I tak. it. .a Is 
you,.. Petef. Xl033. or 'I53-tOG 
IPli/al 

Room. MB. MO. PrivatA 8' 'rarll '". 
share b.th. re.p .. <lult 0 \ or Jl 
Barb.ra 234 0275 d 488 J850 " (1-1 
5/281 

Rnoma"s nflfld.d fOI .umme' 
•• ock l J "ngl •• ,UO .,,0 or 
.hl,. ,.7 fl8Lh 46!1 704(1 f5/ 21) 

Two reli.b le. mature UCSO 
female. will hou.e (.nd pet) sit 
this summer. Call 462-8915 (5/28) 

Your own room in Del Mar. furn. 
Must be m.llow. Iiber.1 m or f. c.1I 
Cris 462-1496 (5/28) 

Single ,oom to rent in 0.1 M.r. 
$80.00. in a house. with a vegi-
garden. Avail. Jun. 17. Mike 756-
1423 (5/28) 

UCSO Married Couple s •• k. 
d.tached living qu.n.,. in 10c.1 
r ... in Xch.ng. 4 work. 5M-1800 
15/28) 

2 quiet non-loadie rm.t .. fr cl •• n 
.pcu.3 bdrm h •• · gd pt of OB .71 
& utU Bob 224-7167 (6/28) 

F grad n.ed. rmmt to .her. cozy 
2BR dup .... • /mo. f.nc.d y.rd. 
good I.ndlord. x2171 or 270"'712 
16/211 

C"'n rmt • . m or f to .h.re 3 bed. 
Own room-.to. C.II 463-7317. 
(6/21) 

FOR RENT: June 16 to J.n 1. W 
coneue. 2 bdrm • • nHr beh .... 
C.II 8-0013 or DuBoi •• t x2IOOI 
(6/21) 

4 BR Hou.. -- Downtown W 
Summ.r & POIIibly F.II .. __ 
8820 (6/21) 

F.m stud.nt need. rm with kit-
chen or kitch.n prlv for ne.t 
.chool y .. r neer U.C.S.D. li ... 
463-8063 (6/28) 

l.J . hou.. .v.lI. 8/24-7/31 . 10 
min • . bike to UCSO. 4 br. 2 bath. 
Kid.. p.ta OK. .700 totel incl. 
w.ter. g.rd. 463 ....... (PII/24) 

Oceenvi.w Rm. av.iI. Imm. in 0.1 
Mar. Own Rm & b.th pool. 
• ,oo.lmo. 766·9752 (6121) 

For R.nt; 2 bdrm hou.e for rent In 
North P.rk. 16 min to U.C. O.po.1t 
r.fund.bl.. Remon ~ or 
(,"t 10171 (6/28) 

Two women n •• d (2) room. in 
hou.e in L.ucadi. /Enci nita • . 
Unttttr .Mel/ both. 436-1237 (5/28) 

Chic. looking for room in stud.nt 
house in L. Joli. for ,umm.r. 
J.n. 766-2863 (6/28) 

We ne.d 1 per.on to compl.u 
hou.e in L.uc.di • • for .umm.r 4-
b.droom; MO mo. plu. utll. O.vld 
.t 763-9342. (6/28) 

Rm avail after June 17 . ... N .. r 
UC. 1 blk Clair.mont 'qr. Util p.,d 
c.1I m -5eeO 79 P.M (6/28) 

Own ,m .n dm I.ntall.c loc.i • . on 
h lulf. overlook.ng oc •• n .. & 
$96 I!i6 9533 15 21) 

r .. Iu" ''''Il'\ M .I \ • • • 1'1· j 

for sale 
" Ralloigh" single spd.. IIght·wt. . 
men's 19". Vinyl. fo.m . comfort 
seat; gen.- It. ; full leg·.xt.: Ex. 
condo Haggl • . 462·0360. (5 /28) 

Que.n size bed $60. dl.hwasl,&r 
$60. Schwinn 10 s pd bike $60. 
divider .creens $10. 463-3804 (5 /28) 

Stereo taperecord.r. 3 speed. 4 
treck with speaker •• 7!h inch r •• 1 
capacity. Ceve 2n·5684 (5 /28) 

BARGAIN: O'Niel sleev... sm. 
Ne.er b.en used. Mu.t •• 11. $22. 
call 462-¢M6 .tt.r 5/26. (6 /281 

For Sal.: 36mm P.nte. Spotm.tic 
II 1.4 L.n. $175 C.II 7&3-61. 

'87 Mu.teng Auto. 281. Good 
Condition. t975. -.-:J (6/28) 

Twin bo •• prlnt! & fram .... ; Tlra. 
7 •• X 14. " t,..d & wheel. ..; 
record p"y.r. til. Aft.r 1:00. 7116-
3484. Andy. (6/21) 

H.nlm.r t.l.photo I.n. '.mm. 
fl.l. 'never u.ed .... 4113-.1 or 
Xll .. 111/211 

• vw bu. look. gr .. t .iM! rune 
even bett.r-llDO .nglne bu. _ts 
.nd bed: peneling . • 1000 ___ 
(1/211 

Mstal C.blnet-6· with lock.b .. 
doors. C.II Jim 413-11473. (6/28) 

Scon 3B2 Du.1 121. Shure V16 
ADC 303A' . Tog. or indlv. Upright 
Pilno MiOO/off. __ 1374 16/28) 

Ind •• it R.fridg.r.tor 5 cu. ft. .70 
462-8726 •• c. condo (6/21) 

DYNAMIC VR7 Ski. for •• 1. 
Brand New. Unu •• d 94 cm Pi .... 
c.1I Jan 463-6402 (5/28) 

For .. I. '18 Fi.t conv. for 860.00 ·30 
mpg out.tending m.ch condo 
pi •••• c.1I 421-4752 15/21) 

Shep.mi. f.m.I •• 4 mo • . outsld. 
tr.in.d. Int.lIIg.nt. fri.ndly. Bllt 
off.r ov.r .26 412-1471 (6/211 

WII,on T-3000 Rqt no. larg. 
HaMon Long John W.tsult .20 
Nev.r U •• d . 462-8143 16/21) 

17 ALFA ROMEO VELOCE 2&2. 
40000 original mil ... mint condo 
new redl.I • . "200. JEFF ..-zs 
(6/28) 

FOR SALE FENDER RHODES 
ElECTRIC PIANO N_ " .110 
N.gotiable for c •• h . DAVID . -
6212 11112 .. 1 

INFLATABLE KAYAK 11 ' x3' two 
s eats. two p.ddles. pump. bow & 
s tern cov.rs. main. kit 560 lb. 
capacity. uni •• d - $80 phon. -.v.: 
292..-&47. (p 5/ 28) 

Trombon.. Reynolds I.rg. bore 
with F anachment. N.w pric. 
over $500. M.ke offer 462-0137 
(P6/24) 

10-.p •• d bike Sen.tor in good 
cond $46 462-8725 (5/28) 

Girl's Five sp •• d Schwinn 
Suburb.n Bicycl • . E.clnt condit 
462-03Ii6 g.n.. (5 / 28) 

For .. I. '67 Mu.tang ••• Auto. 
good condo $960. 469-8063 'V" . 
(6/28) 

2 I.n_ for Nikon .• 11v.r trump.t . 
R ... oneble; MUST SElL SOONII 
280-1ia Keep Trying. (6 /28) 

T •• In.tru SR -l0 C.lcul.tor 
Comp"t •• R .... off. Need- to S .. 1. 
2n-4217 16/211 

I ft. red v.lvet .of •• nd 2 gold 
v.lv.t ch.lr. ..c.lI.nt condo 
"'.00. cell Shirley J.ck.on Ex-
2201 or 2m2 betw_n 7:30 - 8:00 
P.M. (PII/241 

87 Buick Sportwgn. loaded Good 
condo .7IOIoff • 1127 or __ , •. 
427 p.lomer. W . (PII/241 

AR",X .cou.tlc .u.p .p •• k.rs. 2 
y •• r w.rranty. taO the pr. 0.1 •• HL 
3017 • • 1221. (6/281 

FENDER MUSTANG Gultar-m.k. 
off.r 412-1733 16/211 

SII.I T.nnl. R.cqu.t 
'2O.lIO/of.:462-0311-H.nry (6/28) 

lost & found 
LOST: Low.r r.taln.r. Muir Apts 
SE met.r.d p.rkino. Sing" wlr. 
wid. U·.heP" R.turn m . • pt q11 . 
(6 /28) 

LOST: R •• tor.tion Comedy t •• t 
on Fri wh.n cro •• lng La JoIl. 
VIII.g • . PI .... c.1I 2n-4lilO (6/21) 

Found II Plrty on 23 .t 6111 S.t . • 
.w •• t.r 751-00.- Ilia) 

Pi.... return tap.r .t .1 from 
P4ny on 23 .t 6/11 Set no 
qu .. tlon. ..ked 71I5-004I 111/211 

LOST: II-grn p .. ld wool .hln .t 
S&E lib. Hom. m.d. with tae 
" m.d ••• pecl.11y for ..... Rick __ 
1IM7 (lila) 

Lost TurquolN Rlne In Blekl H.II 
Friday 5-17 ___ lila) 

Loet: Silver Bulov. W.tch In Muir 
Qu.d. (Initials G.M.) If found c.1I 
geronimo. 427-1102 111/211 

LOST: Turquoi.. & Oyn. ring. 
Sentiment.1 v.lu. . PLEASE 
return. C..II: Vicki 298-8602 (5 /28) 

. 

services 
Summer job.. $900 per month 
Must r.loc.te. C.II 271-98lI2 (6 /28) 

Couple would Ilk. to be 
car.takers of hou.. during .b-
s.nce of owne,.. R.f.r.nc ••. 440-
6On. (5/28) 

Portrait •. color or B&W. Cr •• tlv • . 
If not .. ti.fi.d. don' t p.y. Ch •• pl 
463-8126 (6 /28) 

TYPING - MARILYN would lik. to 
type your p.p.r. th •• I • • • tc. She Is 
ellperl.nc.d on .11 tyP" of 
p.pers. f •• t. rea.onebl •• nd he. 
In IBM. Pi .... c.1I h.r .t 615-11*. 
(PII/28) 

PROBLEM PREGNANCY HElP 
Abonlon or K •• ping Fre. 
pr.gnency t •• tlng .nd con-
fident .. 1 counsell"" on ell the 
.hern.tivM. Blnh control clinic. 
BIRTH CONTROL INSTITUTE 211-
., (117) 
WOMANCARE . ,. G.rnet ..... 
71111 Birth Control. P .... nenc·( 
Teate Abortion. PreNtel Ce,.. 
(PII/281 

travel 
SSW TRAVEL OFFICE ON 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS In-
temetI_1 Center ..... 10-1: 
• m delly. 2~ pm MWF. Cherter 
FlI.hta. Int'I 10 Cerda. Eu ..... 
Trlpplne. Greyhound. PIA. "rtlne 
tickets. etc. INm 

" Help out a Cub.nl Bolio 
d.sperately ne.ded for Gospar; 
c.1I 462-1495" (5 /24) 

A Ban.na·Too bad e good thing 
never lasted long. · p.ter Derek 
(5 /24) 
Dear Your Welcom.-.. Th.nks for 
sav ing my b.ttery . Very 
thoughtful...Apprecille It (5/24) 
We love " the MOUTH"I 15/~4) 

Blond. 203 Gelsth.. HANDS 
OFFill Roger B. (6/24) 
To the blond in C.mpbell', 2E 
cl ••• : You .ure .r. pr.tty. Your 
b.r.foot .dmirer. (6/24) 
Girl w / gl ..... 3IiI Di.cov.ry. Pick 
me up .nd .mok. m.11I :8 Argo 
16/24) 

Girl. Third floor. Mlddl. Window. 
Dlcov.ry P ...... top STARING I 
Jim (6/24) 

M.rIe "TIGHTBUNS" Lefton- W. 
lov. you- Bobo. OgUbee. M.rk.1. 
.nd Ac.. (1/24) 

CSK - Who c.r.. wh.t your 
p.r.nt. thlnk- -It·. wh.t your 
brother MYS thet counta. (1/24) 
Wlnh..... i think w. cen prov. 
thet you',. not ... vlne your prime 
Sunday. H.ppy 20 b-dIIy.EJ (6/24) 
DonN- Sine. YOu hev.n·t gon.n 
• persoNI y.t thl. qtr I decided it 
w ... bout tim.. I MISS YOUIII 
TOM (1/24) 
HUSBAND: I NEED YOUII Don't 
you lov. m •• ny mor.? S C.C . 
(1/24) 
FOil .. In 222 Argo • . • nd L. love 
youll 111/241 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - AFRICA W.ndy--A.k B.rbl. whet you've 
Stud.nt Flighta .11 y .. r round been mIMlnv--Bolon. 111/2141 
CONTACT: ISCA I03Il Unlverslt'; 
Av • . #11 S.n DI.go. C.llf. 121111 
TEL: 1714) 217-3010 (213) ... _ 

(~II71 

11th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 
Europ.: from t336 round trip 
J.p.n: From'" round trip Ceil • 
Bill. Stud.nt RIP. 1BI-1217 G4I 
Ov.rI.nd Av... Dept. B. Culver 
City. 1"171 

personals 
PERSONAL: For M.r Studenta of 
the Loe An..... Hebrew HI.h 
School-r.unlon: c.1I 271-411' 
(1/24) 

MAN DO: H.ve you hArd the 
leteet--SEX Ie the only known cure 
for dlmp ... 11 Signed. Hot .nd 
lonely. 111/241 

TO Idb: I thlnII he nMda more then 
thet. ..... ned. fyO. 111/241 

HOWIE: My complim.nt. to both 
the chef .nd thet perverbl.1 
chick.n Rothmor • . Two up w.1I 
d_. (11/24) 

Fri.ndly whit. mou.. outside 
R.v.lI. dorm. . PI.... cl.lm 
before my c.t flndl out 271-81 .. 
(11/24) 

Athelsta .nd Agnoetlc. of the 
world: Unit •• gelnet the Chrlltiln 
Conspiracy (MA) 

Amlk· Don't let the fo.tIIlls get to 
you. Wooley (1/241 

V .• Thinking of pleclne • pereon 
to person cell. will you ecClPt 
che,...1 C. 1111241 

Tom K. P.neho-mey go to mts. for 
wknd. Nm. II B .... not per. ADE 
.... 11/241 

Found • gold madel .round Mey 
llln Meyer HeH ....... ree1rOOfII on 
the first fI_. IIIMI DOLL YO .. HAPPY.IRTHDAY. LETSGODRINKING. WE'LLflNDA 

SITTERFORRON. ITII. OF· 
COURSE. DUTCH. .....OZON 
111/241 W"-er: Funny. very funny. H. 

MIcI he dldn't hew .ny shoM· 
FILUP: Shell VI try .... n1 Ita John IIIMI 
golnt! to be f."'"tIc-thenill for 
comine. Luv U LIN 111241 

pOlHlMd _ Ar.o-C.n I be your 
•• orclst1 Your f.ithful .dmlrer. 
(1/24) 

RED NECk : A w.lI-h •• d.d 
w.rnlne· Look for IT. IT wll oome 
with p.tl.nc. .nd .1I.no . ... 
BLlMPO·· 111241 


