
Senses Bureau Project Finds Pollution 
Levels in SD County Will Decrease' 

by Gretl Hreb that have adverse effects on the high. Federal standards establish the Existing I rends program. 

CALPRIG 
Finds MPG 
Inaccuracies 

Pollution levels in San Diego body. anything over one hour per year ContfOlled Trends 
county are likely to reduce The first model considered was of 0.08 ppm of oxidants as The third plan considered did Following a local survey , 
sharply in the next two decades, a continuation of existing trends dangerous. fn 1995 there will still not rate much higher than the CALPIRG has revealed the 
but projected levels still far of transportation (i .e. the be areas which experience almost other two. This alternative, called existence of dramatic 
exceed federal safety standards. e two hundred hours per year of the Controlled Trends plan , overestimates in miles-per-gallon 
This speculation is one of several :t 400 densities exceeding 0.08 ppm. would be a mixture of the other claims by new car dealers The 
significant conclusions reached >- ~ 1975 The study on existing trends two. The auto system would be survey was conducted with the 
through the use c:Jf a computer ~ ~ 300 OXIDANT also indicates greater pollution in largely retained, but there would goal of funneling the Information 
model (SDAIR) developed by the ~ ~ 200 P (r I areas closer to the coast and the be improved local and regional to consumer advocate Ralph 
undergraduate 'Senses Bureau' C( ~ appearance of "poll ution transit service. Again, the effects Nader, who will testify before the 
and a number of graduate ~; corridors" along Interstate 5 on the environment would not be Federal Trade Commission soon 
students of associate professor of x CL (running north-south) and In- decreased by. very much . on the need for standardized 
cht'mistry, Kent Wilson at UCSD. 0 ~ ~=:'.b7 terstate 8 (east-west). A high level testing procedures. 

The Senses Bureau was :r of pollution is also expected to ~ According to a CALPIRG news 
commissioned by the Com- emerge in the area illustrated in >-:g 200 release, 37 students surveyed over 
pre hen s i v e P I ann i n g Figure 2 northeast of Escondido. S ~ 50 new car dealerships in San 
Organization of San Diego A second alternative, which g ~ Diego county. Posing as new car 
county to evaluate the en- was originally thought to be the buyers , they questioned the 
vironmental effects of alternative best of the three proposals, was salesmen on gas mileage of 
transportation models, including the Radial Corridor plan . This model cars with various ac-
a large scale rapid transit system. would have provided for a large cessories and engine sizes . 

ThreePropoul. Flf.llre 1: Projected air scale rapid transit system ' for all CALPIRG sent at least one male 
Three proposals were evaluated pollllhO" pattems for Sa" urbanized areas in the San Diego and one female to each 

by the Senses- Bureau. First, the Diego COII"I'J in 1975. O"e region . This plan would, in fact, dealership. 
amount of air pollution resulting hOllr per year over 0.08 ppm reduce the quantity of pollutants The surveyors found that 71%of 
from each model in the next two exceeds Federal oxidant ooured into thE> air. the time salesmen quoted figures 

standard. . decades was calculated . The But the plan would also cause at least 3 MPG in excess of En-
projections were figured largely automobile-highway system). The an increase in residential vironmental Protection Agency 
on the. basis of reactive results of this study are illustrated developments and employment standards. In only 4.3 % of the 
hydrocarbon levels . These in Figure 2. Although pollution locations along the railways. cases was the mileage quoted 
molecules, which are present in levels are expected to decrease There would then be a heavy Figure 2: Pollution will lower than the EPA. There was no 
emissions from automobiles and (because of such factors as in- concentration of people in high decrease greatly by 1995, but meaningful difference between 

indus~ry sources, react with 02 creased ;\uto erni~~iQn .. control) pollution areas . The Senses oxidant standard will be far mileage figures quoted men and 
and 03 to produce compounds the levels are still dangerously Bureau thus rated this plan below exceeded. tho e quoted women CALPIRG 

, _ ________________________________ ..-..--.: ________________ ---l says the EPA has released the only 

UCSD Handicapped 

Taking 'The Hard Way' 
by James Cravens 

If you met Jim Le Brecht you 
wou ld probably like him even if 
he didn't have so much courage . 

Jim Le Brecht is a freshman in 
Third Colleg . He's a nice kid, 
With an easy smile and the trace 
of a New York accent. He is 
worried about h is mid-term 

James Cravens is editor of UC 
San Diego, a publication for 
alumni and parents. His story is 
reprinted from the November 
edition. 
exa minations." He likes the 
Grateful Dead rock group and the 
"beat" generation of poets and 
nove lists, particularly Jack 
Kerouac. He is confined to a 
wheelchair beCai.iie his iegs are 
misshapen and unnaturally small. 
" I've been this way since I was 
born," he says. 

Tn" first time I saw i im i I' 
Brecht he was inching up' a long 
hill through UCSD's eucalyptus 
fore t to Muir College. There were 
handsome, healthy Ca lifornia 
college kids on the hill too, 
passing him with long strides and 
chatting and laughing together 
between classes . And there was 
Jim Le Brecht alone in his 
wheelchair, turning the wheels up 
the long, hard hill With the 
strength 10 his powerful arms and 
houlders . Once a blond kid in a 

T-shirt with a surfboard ad-
vertisement printed on the back 
stopped and offered to push Jim 
up the hill . 

Jim le Brecht stopped for a 
moment, trying to catch his 
breath. "Thanks a lot, man," he 
aid, smiling. "It's nice of you to 

offer, but I think I can make it 
myself." And a few minutes later 
he did make it, too. It took him 
awhile, but he made it. He has to 
climb that hill every day. 

"1 don't usually need help," Jim 

LeBrecht says . " I I ike to be in-
dependent." 

Jim Le Brecht and the other 
disabled students at UCSD are 
attending college the hard wayan 
a campus that bristles with ob-
stacles to their safety and 
comfort Why is a college 
education so important to them? 

" If you 're gonna survive, you 
must go to college," Jim Le Brecht 
says. We're talking over corn-
flakes and coffee in the Matthews 
Campus cafeteria. "If you're 
disabled, it's even more im-
portant for you to go to college, 
because it's gonna be hard for 
you to get a good job anyway. A 
lot of employers are prejudi(ed 
against disabied people because 
they think we're health risks who 
can't hold a job. We have to be 
very well -educated to have any 
chance at aiL" 

!:~ Cdme cross-country to 
college because he wanted to 
attend a good school in a tem-
perate climate . "Snow is a hassle 
when you're in a wheelchair," he 
says. But since he's come to 
UCSD, Jim has decided that the 
University has let him and its 
other disabled students down . 

The fact is that UCSD, unlike 
other colleges and un Iver ities, 
has no official program of aid for 
di abled students "The main 
problems for me are the physical 
barners here and the lack' of 
onentatioQ," Jim le Brecht says . 
'When I first came here I had no 
idea where my classes were, so I 
ended up having to go from 
Matthews Campus to Muir every 
day. That means I have to climb 
that long hill every day I also 
signed up for two classes in a 
-building on Matthews that can 
only be entered by stairs. If they 
only had an orientation program 
or a pamphlet to hand out at 

Continued on 'a .. 3 

AAAS Humanities Center 
For UCSD Under Study 

Negotiations are under way to establish a humanities center at 
UCSD that would bring the university "national prominence over-
night," Chancellor McElroy said Wednesday. 

The campus is under prime consideration by the committee of the 
Boston-based American Academy of Arts and Sciences whi ch I~ 
s eking a site for the center. 

McElroy told members of the Board of Overseers that a deC ISion by 
the academy may be made as early as january. 

Hinged on Finances 
UCSD's selection hi nges on whether or not "we can work out 

proper financial arrangements," McElroy told members of the ad-
visory group. 

Under consideration is a six- to eight- acre site south of the married 
students apartments, between the university and the SCriPPS In-
stitution of Oceanography, according to :\5~istant Chance!!oi David 
Ryer. 

The ~ ;tc overiooks the La Jolla cove, Ryer said. 
" If this group did come to us, we would own the land and the 

building and lease it to them for a S1 a year," Ryer said . 
He added that numerous details are yet to be worked out. " We're a 

prime contender, but only if WI' can d~!!,!c~, 1/ ~y~i ;;;;0. 

Cancer a 
Researchers Warn 
Findings Do Not 

Prove Cause 
Two California researchers 

have established the existence of 
a correlation between the 
consumption of beer and in-
cidences of cancer of the large 
IOte tine and the rectum. 

41 States 
The researchers, Jame E. 

Enstrom of UCLA and Norman E. 
Breslow of the University of 
Washington , who studied 
statistics from 41 tates and 24 
foreign countries, concerning 
beer drinking and several kinds of 
cancer, said the study should not 
be interpreted to conclude that 
beer drinking actually cause 
cancer 

Enstrom aid intensive In-
vf>sti ation would be necessary to 

establish beer drinking a ~ ('all(" 
According to the report by the 

doctors, published In thE' Journal 
of the National Cancer Institute, 
the highest rates of death from 
rectal cancer (9 death per 
100,(00) were in Rhode Island 
and New York, although the 
grea te t average b er on-
sumptlon (100 quart per person) 
wa reported 10 WI onslO The 
per ca ita beer con sum tlon 10 

comprehensive data on mlles-per-
gallon of all 1975 cars 

" I1's ridiculous that enn umer 
are now forced to make 3, or 
$4,000 deciSions Without reliable 
information on gas mileage," said 

teve Braul t, Project Director 
" Although certain reflnem nts 
may be useful In EPA testi ng 
procedures, If a dealer does not 
rely on EPA figures the comumer 
has no tandard ized figure With 
w hich to compare brand ' 

Brault pOinted out that In 23 
urveys, the die men Sdld they 

were relYing on EPA standard but 
that 18 of these 23 quotatlom 
were al o in exces of 3 MPG of 
the EPA figure 54 7%of the time 
the car alp5men Li alm d other 
eViden ce for hi erroneo us 
statistic 

" Salesmen ba ed their Inflated 
figure on opinions of relatives, 
personal experience or T 
reports. Sometimes they aid they 
Pill' ~Prl " "~Irt Rr::u.lt 
0 - -----, - _ . - ..... __ . .... 

Q"'"~,, , ~! . York was 
80 quart The re earcher at-
tribute the in on i ten y 'to the 
10 ufflclency of the 1%11 statl tiCS 
con ernIOg beer dnnk," The 
tatlstics are average only, and 

do not pinpOint xce sive 
drinker 

al,forOia howed a mortality 
rat of 7 per 100,000 With about 
59 quarts of bE.>er con umed per 
person. 



'74 on '691 Three More Offerings 
ions AIO there did exist a miIhtY empire called 

W.ntona_ Wanton. was the most sophisticated and 
AdYAnced Mtion on the entlre..-th. Wantona was 
not A.reedy country. In .1 Its m ..... imity, it was 

What's it like twins a VietMm VeterAn in school 
toda"l Anybody really w .. t to know? Anybody. 
rally care? Does anybody really give a DAMN? 

determined to ~- its wisdom to rtery other Veterans across the covntry are askin. those 
country. Wantona s ben~oIence, h~, was not . questions over and over but it seems they are falling 
alw;r,:s well rK!,ved by other n~lOn5. Thousands on deaf ears. How can a young student today 
of miles Away In A rem,ote r~llOn .of the world, understand what it was like yesterday being afraid, 
Wantona was e~unterl.nl stiff re~lstAnce fr~ a wet and hungry for days on end? Does this 
tinY, backward nation which called .Itself Orphlsma. paragraph sound somewhat trite? You've all heard it , 
It seems thAt the people of OrphlsmA wanted no beforell'm sure you have - but what has been done 
part of Wantona's wisdom and sophisticat.ion . They about itl NOTHING!!'" 
simply wanted Wantona to stay out of their Internal 
affairs and leave them alone. Wanton a had political 
and economic reasons of its own for wanting to 
control Orphisma. And besides, it was a blow to 
Wantona's prodigious ego to have such a small 
country telling a giant empire what to do. 
Therefore, as you might expect, Wantona went to 
war against Orphisma. 

All across the 'land Wantona's factories belched 
their thick, grey smoke into the fresh air in an effort 
to augment the production of machinery and 
weapons for the military. Young men were being 
snatched .up out of Wantona's cities and oft its 
farms . They were being shipped across the globe to 
fight in Orphisma. The young soldiers wete happy 
to serve their country and fight for the "Wantonian 
way." What's more, Wantona had God on its side. 
Everyone knew Wanton a had never lost a war and it 
would quickly win this one. 

Ten years passed and Wanton a was still fighting 
in Orphisma. Thousands of Wantona's best young 
men were now victims of this drawn out war. 
Billions of dollars had been spent trying to win the 
war In Orphisma, yet not even the most far-sighted 
general could see ViCtOry on the horizon. About this 
time, the people of Wanton a were becoming very 
angry They wondered why they should spend 
billions of dollars and lose thousands of soldiers if 
there was little chance that they would win the war. 
The people of Wantona wanted their government 
to get out of Orphisma. Masses of people marched 
10 the streets of Orphisma's ci ties shouting, "Stop 
the war !" 

In due t ime, the government of Wantona began 
t.I> notice the number of its ci tizens who were 
against the war in Orphisma. However, despite the 
mounting public opinion against the war , Wdll-
tona's illustrious ,King Ri chard made it known that 
he would not be the first King to lose a war. Hence, 
the battle wore on . 

Soon th ings got so bad that King Richard was in 
danger of being deposed unless he ended the war 
and calmed the unruly masses . So Poor King 
Richard lost hi s face to S;lve his neck and declared 
thilt the war With Orphisma was over. This 
declaration brought dancing in the streets of 
Wantona The war was over and happy times were 
here again The people did not question what their 
King had told them . 

Years later It was learned that Wantona rea lly did 
not retreat from Orphi sma. Billions of dollars were 
st i ll bei:1g funneled into the war in Orphisma. 
Weapons w re stili being shipped to Orphisma to 
carryon the war . The ci t izens of Waniona were 
unaware that all thiS was still taking place . To them 
the war had ended years ago. They did not know 
that Ki ng Richard and his cronies were just as 
determined to control Orphisma today as they had 
been in the oast. Wantona continued to pour more 
money than' ever before into the war , King Richard 
dreamed of expandin g his empire to every corner of 
the world . 

At about this time inflation began to set in in 
antona. The pace of this virulent economic 

disease continued to increase. Wantona's govern-
' ~ent continued to spend the people's money 
, I vlshly as its empire expanded. I nflation soon I began to ra.vage the country. People were starving 

nd they were wlthou l werle Thpre was Widespread 
1 Iscontentment !lnd the seeds of . rebell ion were 
1 tartlng to germinate The government then un-

41ertook a series of desperate measures in a last 
1I1tch effort to stem the tid of hostility among the 
",asses It was too late The King and his confidants 
were helpless against the rrbeilious masses The 
ruling elite of Wantona was ~oon toppled and yet 
another empire did manage to eat i tse lf alive. 

I3 .M 

The "fat cats" in uni\'ersities around the country 
have heard this type of protest since the first 
Brother returned from Vietnam. to complete his 
interupted education - but nothing has been done! 
WHY? Read on . 

Probably the very answer to the WHY question 
lies in one statement : " BLAME THE VICTIM ." Yes, 
the Vietnam Veteran has become the sale carrier of 
the blame of Vietnam. He was the one who killed 
those "poor defenseless Vietnamese" (the same 
people who were referred to as "gooks" just five or 
six years ago). The Veteran was the one who 
committed the atrocities associated with Vietnam. 
The Veteran was the MURDERER. 

This strategy of blaming the victim' has worked 
well . The Veteran has come to believe what people 
are saying. He has become guilt-ridden from the 
orders he's had to follow. He has become so 
paranOid that he will not even admit he is a Veteran 

But life will go on ; children on campuses across 
the country wilf ride skateboards, get drunk or 
loaded, play loud music, and claim to be radicals 
(until daddy cuts them off) . And the Vietnam 
Veteran will continue on the downward spiral of 
alienation and discrimination that can only end in 
the prISons and welfare-offices of Ameri ca . 

* * * 

Jim Trent 
Veteran 's Coalition 

Compare Brand-X: The Serviceman 's ' Read-
justment Act of 1944 created 360,000 teachers, 
138,000 electricians, 450,000 engineers, 107,000 
lawyers, 180,000 M.D .'s, DDS's and RN's, and 
1!iO,000 scientists. 

ThiS law, the GI Bill, was inacted by President 
Roosevelt to provide education and training for 
Veterans returning from WWII . 

Figures from the Educational Testing 'Service of 
Princeton, New Jersey, tell the story of the Viet 
Nam vets quite plainly : 

The percentage of Veterans in the student body 
at : 1947 1972 

Yale 59 0.8 
Harvard 59 1.5 
Notre Dame 85 1.7 
Purdue 56 4.6 

ETS 'fOes on to say "the rate of participation" in 
GI BiH~ucation benefits among blacks after Korea 
was 5.s:per cent. Today, among black Vietnam vets 
it is 'Ies"s than 25 per cent. 

Thf present GI Biii ~hc:ft~ three types of veterans 
worse .than others : 

1)·If'married, you receive only $8 a month per child 

2)for minoriiii!; , ~~~ ;!~~~lOt of benefit is not enough 
to live on , while minority unemployment i. 2~ ~~~ 
ce nt. 

J) Veterans living in high cost education areas, i.e., 
Indiana, Ohio, New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont . 
California, because of its lo~-cost education 
system, ha the highest partlcipatlon-a whopping 
34 per cent. 

These figures reflect the current government's 
policy on veteran affairs quite well. The unac-
ceptable fact IS that they also show the attitude of 
the administrators and officials of higher education 
and traditional veteran agencies. 

Vietnam Veterans are being short-changed 
through the~e educational benefits . These are not a 
handout or gift , but they are hard-earned rights to a 
futurp . 

Jim Smith, Veterans C.oalitlon 

triton 
times 

M.,co'", A S",itll . E,,,,o, Klr. Robmson. Spons Ediror 
Jolin .<;nod.,.... Sc,..,,,. Edlror 
r.d Sp",ry. ~oto Ediro, 

Edward E Simons. M.ftlglng Editor 
John H r.ylor. C"V Ed"o, 
Jom Moody. Co"v E,hro, 
M'.8 Robinson 8usm.ss "".n.II." 
L",ry D.clt.1 Arts Ed,tor 

V.'.'!6 a,,.n/. 
D.vid C.uldy, 
M",1t 'IIIoHI" 

Letters 
Paternalism On Campus 

There has been a noticable( hange at UCSD this year, unfortunately 
for the worse. lverywhere on campus one is confronted with the 
spectre of refuse leering smugly from wherever some irresponsible 
person discarded it . A few years ago the campus needed only a small 
cadre of workers to neaten the grounds, which primarily involved 
removal of leaves . As the campus has grown there has been a larger 
influx of inconsiderate people who are doing their thoughtless best to 
reduce thIs institution to the level of a sanitary fill. This lIttering will 
be alleviated by the universify through funding for its control Th 
cost will ultimately be passed to the students In the form of Increased 
fees. 

Why cannot tire people here respect the ground~ ann the In-
stitution they attend? The problem is doubtless due in part to the . 
immaturity of the people entering UCSD . The bureaucratic leaders 
tend to gloss over thi s fact as evidenced by the large influx of fre h-
men placed into the resident halls this year . ThiS accomplishment 
does not strike me as a product of rational tholl,ght. There are not 
Dnough upper classmen necessary to influence these freshmen into 
neveloping the respect UCSD deserves as an institution of higher 
learning. 

The re ult has been the degeneration of UCSD Into an extension of 
high school. A prime example of this deterioration IS found In the 

~hambles that the Revelle Commons was left in on Halloween which 
was, In most ways, worse than the waterfight . No discipline was 
administered other than a 'tch, tch' by anyone in authority. 

I do not believe this place should be a scholastic womb, but lately 
thiS IS how UCSD is being interpreted. Since they act like children 

~tudent are dealt with like children . In the TT dated Oct. 30 th 
Revelle Res ident Dean issued the stern paternal warning against the 
reoccurance of the waterfight in Argo, a tradition for the past fi ve 
years now and not just last year , as tated . This small instance of lack 
of credibility on the part of the Revelle ReSident Dean as well as hi s 
preference for a wasteful food fight is indicative of the Dr. Spack 
treatment administered to the students . 

An additional instance of dishonest conduct toward students can 
be ~een from the Food Services Manager's notice about Snack Bar 
price In the Nov . 1 n . The reasons given for expected increases in 
these prices were the rise in workers pay and inflation. The cafeterias, 
he 5aid, have to absorb the Snack Bar losses. I cannot speak for Muir 
or Matthews, but at Revelle much of what was said does not apply. 

I t is true that pay rates for general workers jumped from $2.48/ hour 
last year to $2.59/ hour this year. What was not stated in the article 
was the fact that last year Snack Bar workers were getting tudent 
oaks payor $2.60/ hour and are presently working at a lower rate of 

pay. 1 he number of hours students work in the Revelle Snack Bar has 
also been reduced from last year. These methods that are part of an 
attempt to reduce food service expenditures for all the Commons 
have succeeded 10 making the Rev~lIe Snack Bar pay for itself 
Doubtless there are other fraudulent activities occuring on campus 
intended to debase the students . 

I object to these outright neceptions of the studen.ts but even more 
o cia I object to the way students are led by the nose and spoonfed 

everything in this ivorr tower. One does not mature very fast in such 
an environment where games are prefered to reality, an observation 
eV idenced by the steady deterioration of academe here. The learn ing 
experience is not confined to the classroom . What can be done? Any 
cure if one exisi) wcu!d be involved. Maybe a little more respect f~r 
thiS place would help. Maybe a more cariii!i 3tt!Hlde on everyone,ls 

h f h d • £.~r " part. Maybe more involvement on t e part ate stu ent. I\ll<.. _ .. , 
they are the ones getting an educatio..n . Wisely it was once said, " If 
.. "''' ;up not part of the cure, you are part of the disease." You are not 
Y"kv -d· -t b t -: _~l ... '" >, . ",iill,(f' The rest will find you In as e 0 e rna ure, !tIll • .., • ., lV u"-'- .,,--- • • 
your own time. 

LOROKlAR 

Men Appreciate Life 
In reply to Jim McGraw's letter (Triton Times, Nov. 13) : I doni 

know where you're comi,;g from or where you're going. But I do 
know that the men of UCSD are treating me, for the most part, very 
well . Thank God what they expect from me is not love for mv 
children (I haven 't any) love for my husband (ditto parenthesis) 10yp 
for my God and my country . What they do expect is a general ap-
preC iation of life, intelligence (you seemed to skip over this Yi~ 
factor) and a good friend to communicate with . We were all creat 
to give the world gentleness, undE'rstanding, serenity, beauty and 
love How about jOining the 20th Century, Jim? 

MELISSA MAXWELL 

J.m •• G Soro. Auo" Clry Editors 
K.rlly Co .. , s.c,.,.ry 
Fr.n K"ywlc:/fl Aur IIl1l1n ... 
"'enefl'" • 
CII." .. H.lml.,. Editor',' O',.cro, 

The Triton TIme. pUlt ...... MondaY· 
Wed ... d • ., .• nd FrIde., ... n "flC"~ 
r.co,nl •• d Itv_nt n_,pIP' ' 
publl,h.d by the uelD co ... · 
muniDatio.. IlIIrd. FOf 141-"" .... 
"h_ .,-~. 'Of edhOflel .nd """" 
phO ... .,·,.. 

The Personals 
Sometimes the door sticks, and 

you have to yell at them to push 
down hard on the handle . They 
enter sheepishly. "I thought it was 
locked," they offer. 

They come in to sell dogs ana 
stereo systems and old cars they 
love. Money IS needed, for 
reasons unimportant to us. 

" Read the instructions on the 
green sheets--under your books--
and use a piece of that white 
paper." 

" How much do I get?" 
"It says. Fou~ lines at 24 spaces 

per line." , 
• • • 

by John H. Taylor 

Kim 
- you are really cut- - . f ~ a hller- ooted admirer. 

••• 

An en~ire suite of freshman girls from Tioga Hall comes in Th 
have paInted fingernails, were runner-ups for homecoming 'que:X 
and have four yearbooks. stacked neatly at the foot of their respective 
beds . Pictures In gold-leaf frames rest on their dressers . 

They are applYing a collective crush to an RA on their floor or on 
someone else's floor-it does not matter. They gather around the old 
Royal m th~ corner, which skips, and spend a half hour on their four 
lines, slapPing at each other and paying up their quarter at the end 
With looks .of t~e most purely innocent and happy embarrassment 
one could Imagine. They are adding to 'the best part of the paper'-
fur k modest contribution to a system that makes people unable to 
00 another human being full in the face and speak to him . 

I always try to guess by look~ng at people what kind of ad is going 
to result from the palnf.ul, purging session at the typewriter. To sell a 
surfboard IS not t? wnte an ad as emotionally significant as one 
declaring an undYing love for a girl across the lecture hall to whom 
one ha~ ne.ver spoken : I ~aze vaguely at the ad as I apply my senseless 
authOrizatIon, not wl~hl~g to appear interested in what it says . I 
forget every time that It ~III appe~r in two days before 10,000 people, 
half of whom will turn directly to It without a glance at the rest of the 
paper. 

Perhaps I un~onsiously make the assumption that the person 
would rathe~ I did not associate him with that four lines because as 
Malcolm saId to me once, " They're always putting th'em in fo'r a 
friend ." 

••• 

Wallet stolen ~unday from men's locker room. Keep mone and 
return to TT office. No questions asked. Y 

* .. 

Does that ever work? It seems very logical that a thief should show 
a degree of sympathy, or at least appreciation for having acqu ired 13 
dollars , and therefore ~eturn the driver's license and 10 card and 
sticky pictures of lost friends. I am sure that it never works . It does 
not ma.ke me angrier at thieves, though . 

I notice, often, that there are continuous dialogues on the back 
page; quarter-long exchanges that make me wonder if the 
protaganlsts have communication , or even existence, beyond four 
lines at 24 spaces . Entire romances are plotted through _ begun 
developed and dropped - on page eight . ' 

What these p~ople ~o is , very easy. The Open Declaration of love, affectlo~ and. f~lendshlp, lost practices, have been replaced by utter 
submiSSion .to InseCUrity and intrigue. Words people are afraid to 
speak, pasSion unvent~d , .hate resolved - .it's all writhing in the 
personals colum~ ; The irratIOnal and wonderful impulse to be honest 
IS stll I there: but It s a lot sa fer, and particularly cheap. People are less 
afraid of being honest In a personal because it has neither stance, nor 
expreSSion, nor tone of voice. And you ca, at least feel safe from 
rebuke until the day after tomorrow. 

• * • 

leff Parson eats yellow snow. 
· . . 

I usua lly rej ct ads like this. I Dictate Taste. I Decide What Is ~ood I Interpret Definitively. Because I am tired of see ing things like 
leff Parson pats yellow snow' In the newspaper, and I wish university 
~lude nt~ would ceil. e to feel compelled 10 write them. 

• * • 

Georpe .. ' We're all gOI'ng to' t B k I 
'" miss you a er e ey!! 

· . . 

h SIX pOint Un lvers makes It true, doesn't it? It pre-empts the 
ugglng of George, the tpar cried In front of George. Of course, It ~;Ight "',1ak~ George feel good If. beyond a per onal ln the paper there 
as 110 Indica tion that he would be mi ssed at Berkeley. But anything 

sOlTIewha t human makes a line of type <eem si lIy. 

·Your library 
fines caught up 

with you. 
You owe yourself an Oly. 

Orimpl, O'~lng Company. Olympo!l . Wa shington 'Ot y' . 
All OIYf'!'lJ'lI.J emptiO! afl'! fGCVt;11ble 

• 

Handicapped: Taking the Hard Way 
Continued from Page 1 New buildings at UCSD must 

registration to help us plan routes conform to state regulations that 
and classes it would help a lot. require access for the disabled. 

creates a geographical probl('m 
for handicapped Hucfenh 
because the distances betwrrn 
the colleges are so great ." he ~ay~ " As far as I'm co ncerned there's The problem has come in 

not one accessible rest room at modifying exis ting bui Idings, but 
this school," Jim says. " I can get Powers . promises handicapped 
out of my wheelchair by myself route signs around campus by 
and I can fall if I have to, but . next quarter. 
there are other disabled students 'We've also scraped together 
who can't. I don't know how they enough money to build a ramp 
manage to use the rest room. into the Third College Provost's 

"The door handles in the men's Office," he says. Then Jim le 
room in the Applied Physics and Brecht at last will be able to meet 
Mathematics Building are too his provost. 
high for me to reach. I was Ernest Mort, dean of student 
trapped In there for a long time affairs at Revelle College, has 
once until someone came along been meeting w ith disabled 
to let me out. For someone like students and others concerned 
me," Jim says, "stairs and curbs about the problem in an effort to 
and steep. hills and high make UCSD safer and more 
door.k~obs are ' real barriers ." comfortable for the handicapped. 

<:r~t~ClSm of UCSD's lack of Mort was interested in the dif-
faCilities for the disabled has ficulties of the disabled by 
been. leveled at the Office of Michael McManamon, an un-
ArchItects and Engineers. But dergraduate who was incensed by 
according to campus architect the fact that handicapped ~harles Power~ , ,!he Office is students couldn't get into the 
actively pursumg a program to Undergraduate Sciences Building 

make UCS~ an easier place for one of the most frequently used 
the handicapped to attend bu ildings on Revelle Campus. 
school. Revelle Provost Morris Friedkin 

. "Our problem is get ting fun- himself recently disabled i n a~ 
dln~," ~o~ers says, " but in the au tomobile aCCident, has also 
UnIverSIty s new budget quite a added impetus to the concern'. 
few thousand dollars are Mort agrees that UCSD is a a lloc~ted for r~m'p access, the " pretty grim place" for the 
lowenng .of drtnklng fountains, disabled to <'.ttend co llege "Our ~n1dbra"led d,esignations on system of small co lleges is ~ great 

UI Ings an e evators." concept for education , but It 

" There has always been 
concern at UCSD about the 
problems of the handicapped. but 
not much action has been taken 
Now I'm hopeful The campus 
consciousness has been raised on 
this Issue and we have a lot of 
concerned people who want to 
help. 

" We need a renovatIon of our 
facilities here," Mort says . 

" We need a full-time coor-
dinator of aid programs for 
handicapped students . We need a 
committee for the handicapped 
with official status from the 
University, and we need 
operating funds " 

" This is a tough place to get 
around," JIm le Brecht says, 
sitting in his wheelchair, " but it's 
worth the trouble. I lIke to get 
around. I like to be mobile. I'm 
always on the lookout for friends 

" I f you don't get around," he 
says, smiling, " you have to Sit 
home and watch Hollywood 
Squares. I couldn 't stand that. 
Could you?" 

Bonn ie & Clyde 
would love us. 

Occasionally Bonnie and Clyde had 
large sums of money on hand. But 
did they ever think of saving it at a 
bank? Not on their liv.es. Too bad 
they weren't eligible to be members 
of University and State Employees 
Credit Union. Not only do the earn-
ings on U.S.E. savings reach for the 
sky (higher than any bank or sav-
ings and loan passbook account), 

but they're insured just as safe .. :to 
twe.nty grand per account by the 
National Credit Union Administra-
tion. Now that's safe. 
So, if you're concerned about mak-
ing loot while you're saving it . _ . go 
to you r bank or savings and loan for 
a large withdrawal. Then make your 
getaway to U.S.E. Just make sure 
it's your own money. 

[]]~[§ 
CREO,NION 

and State Employees 
Credit Union 

OfSAHDlEOO 

~-
MEMBER ACCOUNTS 
INSURED TO $20 ,000 

Call or visit one of 
your convenient offiCes; 

5555 Mildred St., San Diego 
Ptl. 211-1131 

5191 COllege Ave., San DIego 
Ph. 2'~210 

UCSD CAMPUS. Lyman Ave at 
Miramar Rd .• La Jolla Ph. 453-5820 

Pale 3 Triton Ti01fl November 22, 1974 

1\ 



Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-te-date. 
176·page. mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1·2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our maleroah are sold for 

research pu rposes onfv 

I 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

3XJ F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
torservke 

Mon.-Sal. 
1:45"-5:30 
Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

Abortion 
Altematives 

SAN DIECO PRO-LIFE 

Call 
513-5411 

for 24 hr . counseli ng 

free speakers 
also available 

A Selection of 
Fine Bicycles 

Raleigh 
Peugeot 
Clubman 
Centurian 
all bikes 

guaranteed 
and air conditioned 

Expert Fast Repair On AU Bikes 

Lavaway Now For Christmas 

Bank Americard 488.1727 4647 Cass St, 
Mastercharge Pacific Beach 

Ask for Wes, Bob, or Mike Stephenson 
, 

Page 4 Triton Times November 22, 1974 

It's All 
I sal down at this typewriter to cure the world's problems . To give 

my well considered opinions. To right grevious wrongs . To have 
inspired dreams. To incite action. I sat down here to write great 
insightful pieces of journalistic literature . 

I sat down here because I am the big baddassed photo editor of the 
big baddassed Triton TImes, and I am responsible for another 
photoessay. And because I wanted to. I wanted to help . I wanted to 
have effect; to be critical, humorous and accepted. 

I just wanted to be good. 
But I am going to fail. 
In trying to achieve these great . gloriOUS .goals, I found myself 

totally uninspired. I couldn't get behind anything. All that concerned 
me was my own state of affairs. Not the world's . 

All I could think about was the classes which I don't care about, 
the grades I am not going to get, and the people I am not "succeeding 
with" (sickness here) . I was worried about the future- about being 
thrown out of the womb of education after 17 years of protection. I 
wasn't relating to the world as I would like to. I wasn't able to love as 
I would like . People are not loving me or others as I would like . I 
haven't learned to live with my fail ings . I am not fitting my own self 
image. 

But I had a photo page to do. 
I got up and walked out into the world . It was a Saturday aftern?on 

on the Muir campus and I was in search of the Creat Cod Motivation, 
or his brother Inspiration . 

It was a cold cloudy afternoon. The campus was deserted. 
I really feel sorry for anyone who gets depressed around here. A 

fairly general anti-depression tactic is the long walk for the purpo~ 
of thought sorting. If such a plan of attack IS adopted here at thiS 
mecca of concrete architecture, the result can only be further 
depression . This place is about as warm, friendly, and consoling as an 
iceburg in winter . 

Long, lifeless corridors lead to massive nondescript walls. Huge 
concrete monoliths rise from the gray slabs towards the unbroken 
cloud bank . It looks like the tomb of the Creat Cod Motivation and 
his brother, not to mention an incalculable number of insecure 
students . 

It is cold, gray and ugly. 
Fine . But, there is more to my criticism than I am telling you. :ou 

see, just last week, I can remember telling s:omeone that I was Just 
starting to like the Muir architecture. The bUildings were not Without 
their beauty , I said . . . 

Hold it. Now, obviously, one of us here is confused. I Just said 
those growths to the north of Revelle (which isn 't a whole lot be~t.er) 
are ugly . But now I say they have beauty. Since it is I who is, writing 
this thing, let's pretend that it is you who is confused. 

So ·Ugly 
Something somewhere has changed since last week . 
The buildings are the same. Nothing short of a major natural 

disaster could even come close to changing those monuments So, 
what's different? 

I think it was my state of mind . I have come to the conclusion that 
while the buildings are basically ugly, their appearance is a functio~ 
of the viewer's state of mind. 

On a bright sunny afternoon, the week after midterms, when the 
MUIr commons and every chair and piece of grass IS covered with a 
smiling body, and the world is right and the Muir campus can even be 
a tolerable place. One could even get carril'd away, and say it has 
some beauty 

But, alone, without the people or the security or the sun, the 
campus can be a futUristic nightmare of corridors, tunn els and 

monolith~ . The buildings arc nothlOg but awful gray shapes. 
They are nothing Nothing but a reflection of a thought or a mood 

And the average coli ge student Isn' t too hot on anything, and thus, 
MUir IS generally said to look awful. 

Another factor Il'ading to the popular anti-Muir entiments IS a 
(ettalO tendency on the part of all students to put down their own 
school ' architecture You ran go to any campus and get the same 
'tory Thl're IS somNhing about supercritical students and their 
relations With a ~chool that InCites them to strike ba k with c ries of 
ugly and " gro s " 

I can name a half dOLen schools, where I have heard students tell 
me the same story about an incredibly ugly building As the story 
goes, a certain architecture student fails to graduate from the school 
In question because he fads his se nior project. That doesn't deter him 
and he goes on to be a great architect. 0 great an architect that the 
school invites him back to d sign a new building. Of course, he 

~ubmits his ~cnior project without a change and they accept and 
budd It. Only the lack of an architl'cture sc hool savl's us from such a 
myth around here. 

But at least they have an excuse for the monstrosities 10 which they 
I'xist We have a mere insidiOUS growth that no one seem too 
concerned about. The gray OOle which has hardened into has grown 
It has created a new blight upon the landscapl' - the Mandeville 
Cent r. And that is not even the end . The Powers-That-Be are creating 
a nl'W monster out of the gray goo Third College. 

Thl'Y are giving us more More gray Morl' big and ugly More walls 
dnd tunn(>ls 

More ugly . 
I object 

([( ~o?))) 
IS 

lOur Playboy 
arrived ..• 

no centerfold. 
You owe }Uurself ~n Oly. 

0, r I 'C\\ ln f C' thl y ("t OJ \\0 1'" ';In ' OlY ·· 
t- ('\ rr n'" f'I ' to :'I't'. ~ .. I. l tlf" 

Resale Shop 

~Dlle '7av«ite 7li"9d 
TENDERLY WORN APPAREL 
Cosmic Far-Out Sale 

S64S LA JOLLA BOULEVARD 
LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 

Fridoy Night Flick 

!NOW! 
Kathl •• " 800ne 

459.0311 

JESUS CHRIST 
SUPERSTAR 

Gym 8pm only 75 ¢ 
Saturday Films 

Jean Harlowe -in 

()1~~112 41 11()111 
(7:30 and 11 :20) 

Fred Astaire & Ginger Rogers 
USB 2722 SWI NG TI M E $1.00 

CAPRI 
." 
: ~ 'TlArS ENTERTAIN MOO' 
CENTURY 1 SIll! 'Jl~ lIN. 

FWIUTt,l • .J ·"~. !U 

'CIY Of THE WILO' ..:t ••.• O). JO 
' .... '' ...... (01lI0. 0<;, .0) 

CENTURY 2 SIII!'Jlr;: ..... 
fWtun .1 . )14''''11) 
'IENJI' I" ...... " ()(AI t(GI:;! 00Ci Ito ~ " .:. 7~' 

coyr u .... ..:.71 t lH.I. 
I; "'-""'IS 

'THAT'S ENTtITAINMENT' .0 

KEN CINEMA . 1 AMI· 111-_ 
A ... ,,"' .. I.'., .... &Me eI,-""..."". 

WIY IIIIC( ..... r., 
( ..... ---~. 

LA PALOMA 471 ,., 51. 
LORDS OF FLAT8U5H Enclni,",. 
ft Fanla.tlc PIa".t ~ 

SOLANA 
'BENI/' 

"3 S. Acaela 
Sola ... hach 
-.G1I 

- -- ------1 ft8&_ ....... !lJ.JMI 
., ................ ·11 .. 

'(IT Of 1M( WILt' II; ... .,& 
... 

UllCOIN ",.~ 
.......... -.-..,. , .. 

"'-'.--_11 .. 4 ..... ~ 
P.lle 5 Triton Times November 22, 1974 



~me That Supplement! 
.tant to win a prize? (Thought Seriously, it's tougher than it crazy with the problem). So, it 

UCSD New.~ Poetry Series Continues 
well start off by getting your sounds (The staff here is going you've got an idea for a good title 
attention) . Well, here's how you for an Arts Supplement, that 
Cln , The Triton Times will be sounds apropos without 
pllblishing an Arts Supplement cornball, drop a card with 
nt:xt quarter, which will be suggested title (or titles, 
featuring some feature length many times as you like), and 
articles, interesting reviews of extend a few record albums to 
film , music, art, and the like, as person who comes up with 
well as some specialty items. winning title . . 

Everyone is welcome to attend ' 
the New Music Potluck served bV 
UCSD Graduate Student per-
formers and composers, Sunday, 
November 24, at 4 pm, in room 
B210 of the Mandeville Center. 

Author and critic John Ashbery will read selections of hiS poetry at 
4 pm Wednesday, Nov. 27, at UCSD in the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

The program, which is frfe and open to the public, is the fifth this 
fall in the UCSD New Poetry Series. 

Ashbery's poetry includes "The Tennis Court Oath" and "Some 
Trees," which won him the Yale Series of Younger Poets Contest in 
1956. His most recent work is "Three Poems" published in 197i. 

Other awards and honors include the Monroe Poetry Award and 
the Union league Civic and Arts Foundation Prize, both given by 

Problem is, this lonelv little Concentrate, extend yourself, Musical fare includes works by 
Arts Supplement hasn't got a because we've only really got UCSD faculty composer Roger 
name yet to call its own. What we until Wednesday (since finals are Reynolds, David Epstein, Harvey 
need is a nice catchy name, that's upon us). Send those cards Sol berger, Dallapiccola, Toshi, Gospel Choir Tonight easy to say will flow off of entrys to " Arts Supplement Ichnayagi, Thomas Nunn, UCSD 
people's lips like a spring kiss, and Triton Times - 117 Blake HaiL" graduate student composer. 
yet doesn't sound like the title of just bring 'em by the office. Gastronomical fare consists of Another first at UCSD this year 

will be a performance by the 
Gospel Choir, Friday, November 
22, at 8 p.m. in Revelle Cafeteria. 

ticipants in the Gospel Choir 
learn the songs by hearing rather 
than by written notation . Folk 
musicians of various cu ltures 
have always used this method 

your high school year book . We need your help. anything anyone is willing to L------------------_____________________ -I bring. Liquid refreshments will be 
provided . 

Concert Notes 
It's getting antogonizingly 

close to the end of the quarter 
and so a concert break might 
prove Just the thing for you this 
week . 

Tonight, at Tuesday's Ballroom 
(downtown S.D., corner of Front 

Dear Studen t . 

by larry Decllel 
& G), Rory Gallagher appears with 
Rush and Earthquake. Saturday 
night at Tuesday's (does that 
sound at all confusi ng?), the 
incredible Sha Na Na bring their 
50's Rock & Roll revue, along with 
Earthquake. 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

Our DEli WITH IE ... ISH SOl:L has a 13 page 
' menu - great to practice speed reading 

The SandWiches you won 't forget-- even If 
want to Ignore the preposition ending, but 
won 't be able to Ignore THE MAVIN'S un 
restaurant With a whole new experience In 
pleasures 

We tumult from 8 In the morn until 10 at nlte 
(Frl. & Sat n'tli 12 or '0 ) 

Shalom, 
Phyllis & Stan 

If you're looking for something 
a bit more mellow for Saturday 
night, French sex-symbol Charles 
Az .... vour brings his warm, in-
timate music to the Civic Theatre. 
Aznavour IS usually thought of as 
"sort of a French Frank Sinatra." 

Tuesday night, before many of 
you flee home for turkey and all 
those Thanksgiving stuffings, Lou 
Reed, the rock and roll animal , 
storms i.nto San Diego's Civic 
Theatre at 7:30. Lou Reed, 
origi nally lead vocalist for Andy 
Warhol 's "The Velvet Un-
derground," has been demon-
strating amazing flexibility, from 
his depressing "Berlin," to his am 
"Walk on the Wild Side," to hiS 
savage "Rock and Roll AnimaL" 
On the same bill that night , The 
Return of Arthur lee and Love. 

That's about it for next week . 
Check out next Wednesday's TT 
for the big run-down of San Diego 
concerts in December! 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
: Now - At The University Bookstore : 
• • 
: The Glory and the Dream by William Manchester : 
• • 
: A narrative history of America 1932-1972 : 
• • 
· - ~ . • • 
· ~, . 
• • 
• • 
• In The Glory and the Dream, William lAM. 
: Manchester springs open a great time capsule I~JII '\I WILL : 
• of a book--an abundant popular history of the ,It. ~\ • 
: Uni ted States from the Depression to llltlllR STER : 
•• : Watergate. .. I t 1\1CHE =. 

Manchester unfolds the progress of America 1 lVJf\l ~ 
: from the time he and his generation reached : 
: the beginning of awareness in the desperate : 
• summer of '32 to President Nixon's second • 
: inaugural address. : 
• • 
: Thoroughly researched. witty and sharp, : 
• with a fine sense of drama, The Glory and the • 
: Dream represents narrative history at its very : 
• best. Nonfiction November 6-1/8 x 9-1/4 • 
: 544965 S20.00 : 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• •• 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
· ;:;".-:::" . 
· -- . : BOOK'STOR! : 
• IM11IftI c..... • 
• IXlINIION J7JI • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: NEED IT FAST?_ . TRY US FIRST! : 
: SCHOOL SUPPLIES ' GIFTS ' GREETING CARDS ' ART SUPPLIES : 
: VITAMINS ' HEALTH FOODS' SOFTWARE' SUNDRIES : 
• • 
: FLORAL AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICES • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
"ale b Triton Times November 22, 1974 

Moving ~plrit behind the entire 
enterpris e is Thomas Nee, 
chairman of the UCSD Music 
Department . No admi ssion 
charge. 

Founded by Ceci ly lytle, who which allows for spontaneous 
recently joined the UCSD Music melodic variance within the 
Faculty, the .. choir wi II sing section of the choir The overall 
generally traditional gospel tunes melodic and harmonic format of 
such as, " I've Decided To Make a composition is enhanced this 
Jesus My Choice," " It Wi ll Never' way 
lose Its Power," "ane More Day," . 
"My lord What A Morning," Improvisation has been the 
"Wade in the Water," "Take Mv backbone of gospel music and 

jazz in the Western world. It gives 
the musician or singer a unique 
opportunity for individual 

Hand ," and " Precious lord ." 

In line with the tradition of creative expression within the 
colonial psalm -si nging, par- framework of a given com-
...-:::':':"---~==---==--:--::------::-::::-::--:: __ .. ----------------------_____ position and group. Melodic 
Film: Th T· I f Bell k d D I Steve improvisation also saves the e rIa SOl ac an racu a Esmedina li stener from too much repetition 

None-the-Iess, repetition is the 
cornerstone of West African 
music, the perennial model for 
Black church music. 

"The Tri.1 of Billy Ju"" lng, and subl imely funny. Like his " Frankenstein," it engages in the most 
Written and Directed premise . After depleting Ruman ia of all drinkable virgins, Count 

by T. C. Fran" ula and his trusty aid travel to Italy where, because of strict Catholic 
With "The Trial of Billy Jack" social relevance takes a giant leap on they are sure they will find some "fwe h wurgeon" blood. Dracula 

In time. If this loud·mouthed, self-aggrandizing garbage had been rel ealell!Oes to the villa of a pompous aristocrat whose four daughters seem like 
1970, it would have been a perfect companion to the other puffed e bait for the thirsty vampire. His disappointing realization that he 
pressions of political I ommi tment such as "R.P.M ." and "The 'mated the power of Church dogma serves to spark the comic 
Statement ." And like those deservedly forgettable trifles, it probably ights of the movie. This skimpy plot synopsis reveals enough of the 
have deflated upon audience contact . Unfortunately, coming as it does rtinence of MorrISsey's complete ly original revision . 
crippling era of social cynicism, this son of " Billy Jack" is likely to In many re pec ts .. thi "Dracula" is 1J0tabie for the same reasons as Its COUSin 
ducks as magnetically as it equally contemptible father did. Frankens tein ." It strips away arbi trary illusions of " reality" by continually 

It has taken almost three years for Tom Laughlin and Delores T usting up-front, detililed, clean shaven models of expensive special effects 
contrive this pitiful sequel to their earlier blockbuster. Strangely enou aud ience : evered limbs, blook oozing from a victims's neck, or a silver 
has been no appreciab le increase in intelligence or technique, let piercing a sku ll. However, most of the images and effects in "Dracu la" 
decrease in asini ne polemics. Along with the usual jabs at Middle of a more diliberatelv slapstick nature than those in the previous movie : 
racism, " The Trial of Billy Jack" also points its finger at such time la sucking blood from a piece of drenched bread, or vomiting the 
Kent State, Watergate, and Kennedy's Chappaquidick incident. ned, impure "hoor's" blood, or licking up the fresh drippings of a broken-in 
cessant jibes at st roking the liberal consciousness would be laughable If In off the floor, and, fina lly, running at an even pace while his arms, head 
were not rendered solemnly. d legs are chopped off, one by one. The haughty, unflinching recklessness 

As the dour, temperamental Indian hero, Tom Laughlin combin~s a f Morrissey's images are exhi larati ng when compared with the pious 
learned Impression of Method mullishness and Batman Cjcrobatics to lemnity of "The Exorcist." One advantage in begin so overt and shameless is 
as the idiot cu lt figure of contemporary movies. Laughlin is such a the audience IS never duped Into second-guessing the movie's intentions 
humorless presence on screen that it IS appalling that he should be I inevitable directions. 
such gooni sh l:1du lgences when Joe Don Baker's more credible What is even more absurd about "Dracula" is that in the midst of all the 
Southern righteousness in "Walking Tall" has been consistently kets of blood are some very pretty, namby-pamby images as well : forest 
bleeding heart criti cs. lawns, ancient vi llas, large, colorful murals . LUigi I(uveiller's camerawork 

Although the Billy Jack series might not be the worst American Indulges in the softest , most erotic framing of shots. The gracefulness of the 
made, they are, in my opinion, certainly the most.offensive. production contrasts vividly with the foo l ishness of the on-screen events . 

..*** Beyond all this is the director 's fondness for beautiful grotesqueries . His 
"Andy Warhol's Dr.cula" iction of women in this movie reveals the influence of the great German 

Written and Directed r('ctor, Werner Fassbinder The four daughters are tall, leggy, voluptuous and 
by Paul Morrissey Y artificial. Morrissey uses women in this movie to represent inf lated 

Although "Andy Warhol's Dracula" is less of a g,oregalore spectac'oIrl>n •• ·- -· 
previous "~rankenstein," it IS equally generous in its baroque a The most obvious example of MOrrissey's Ingenuity is the non-sequitir 
b fore, writer/ director Paul Morrissey has taken a venerable horror novelty of his cast--Joe Dallesand(o as a stud with a New York accent who 
r moved all elements of fear, shock and mystical dread and substi 'pouts contrived 's06al diatribes, Vittorio De Sica as a foppish aristocrat who 
ense of arrogant, feckless parody that frees the viewer into responding prides himself on being a "name taster," Vooden Karlin as Dracula'S bug-eyed 

childish delight. lackey, and above all, the fantastic Udo Kier as a tight-skinned, puppet frame 
Morrissey's revamping of the Dracula legend is at once ludicrous. vampire . 

Times: 
Daily 

at 
6-8-10 

DAVID 
ESSEX 

KEITIIMOOII 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

s1't:~S N~kON ~r-J sf SJ"Sl'£ArS 
COWR PROCESSING DA.ILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, .I KONlCA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LA ... _ DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES·SERVlCE·TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

.B DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

4 •• 73 •• 

The UCSD Gospel Choir is 
composed of about 50 si ngers-
students, staff, and members of 
the community . Cecil ' Lytle 
directs the ensemble aided by Ms. 
Ariyn Riggi ns, a student at UCSD. 
The selections to be presented 
rriday, were arranged by Lytle 
and participants in the Choir. The 
concert IS free and open to the 
public . 

Poetry magazines; two Guggenheim Fellowships and the National 
J nstitute of Arts and letters Award. 

During his career, Ashbery has been an art CrttlC for the New York 
H.erald Tribune and Art International , editor of Art and Literature and 
executi ve editor of Art News Currently h IS a professor of lngllSh ilt 
Brooklyn Col lege . 

Ashbery, 47, received his B.A. from Harvard UniverSity In 1949 and 
his M .A. in English literature from Columbia In 1951 

UCSD Theatre Aud itions 
"The Birthday Party" 

Auditions for the UCSD Drama 
Department's econd presen -
tation in it's 1974-75 season , The 
Birthd.y Party by Harold Pinter 
will be hplci in the UCSD Theatre 
(203 MC), on Monday, Nov. 2S at 
3 pm, and Tuesday, Nov. 26, at 7 
pm . 

The Birthday Party is Pinter's 
hilarious and chilling mystery 
which is already a classic of 
contemporary theatre. Who IS 
Stanley? What did he do? Why are 

they after him? And Will they be 
able to take him away1 

Everyone IS expected to read 
for five of the roles In an English 
dialect (Cockney, North Country, 
etc J, except for the Sixth role of 
McCann (Irish) 

Performance dates will be Jan 
31 , Feb 1, 2, and 4-9, With the 
pOSSibility of an ICE-sponsored 
tour to other UC campuses during 
the week following the UCSD 
performances. 

'aae 7 Triton TitMt Ncwentber zz, S4 



22·0 Ro'ut 

.Ambassadore Sunk encers Take State Team Title 
I n the I California Statp Sabre 

fenclnll (:hampionships held at 
UCSD twe> weeks ago, the UCSD 
fencin.: team, coached by Jim 
White, :ook top honors In both 
the men's and wom('n'~ t('am 
competition . Although they 
failro to take top individual 
honors (AI lara of UC Berkeley 
and Mary Crosby .of Long Beach 
State were the individual tltllsts), 
a number of Triton fenct'rs placed 
nl'ar the top m the compet ition 

Steve Heard and Ty Sebastian 
p I aced th!rd and fou rth 

r!'~pectlvely 10 the men's com-
petition whil' Sue r lannlgan, 
Kathy Hopklm and LOri Ballard 
took 'I'(ond. third, and fourth 

pla[('~ b('hlnd Crosby 
fh" w('('k('nd tl1(' Triton 

I('n<.<'['> \~III go IOto action at 
Ililll'rton agal'1<;\ lullt'rton and 
UC anta Barbara 

Coach Whlt(' I ('Is that thiS 
('a,on\ team will bone 01 thC' 

we"ker f nClng ~quads that 11(' 

ha coached ov r the la~t fI\1' 
years " Th 1<; year will be a year 0 I 
builcilllg. " \-Vhltp (omrm'nted 
We're liable to get our ears 

kno kl'cI off III a few matches " 

The World's Finest Cheeses 
plus the Finest Selection 

of Premium California Wines 
In La Jolla 

Featuring: 
Ridge Oakville 

Pedroncelli Fortino 

Burgess Sutter Home 

Robt. Mondavi Parducci 

and many others 

10% case discount 
on all wines 

Mon-Fri 10:00-6:00 
Sat 10:00-5:30 
Sun 11:00-5:30 

For your holiday gift ideas we fealure gift bmes 10 fil ,lOy 
hodgel , ask ,1bou. quantity discounts. 
Cheese Shop sandwiches have more meat ancl cheese, less 
hre,ld Bring .his ad for 25c 011 
I}n any sandwhirl, . 

2165 Av. de la Pldya 
L:I Jolla Shores 

459-5921 
5 min. wa Ik (r(lm Scripps 

Across !rom the 
Rhi nelander 

In a game which was a total farce, the UCSD Tritons hosted Am-
bassadort> College, and the teams played to a 22-{) decision this last 
Wpdnesday. Fortunately for the Tritons, they wpre on the upper end of 
thp ,core Thi~ did not make the gamp any more enjoyable to watch, 
hoW('ver, as the game was a total mismatch About the most exciting 
thlOg that thiS reporter witnessed at poolSl(ie was the pre-game 
flOgernail and toenail clipping, (thiS is required to k('ep down 
potentially dangerous fingernail scratches). . 

The beginning of the first period was a portent of the outcome of the 
gamp as the Tritons ,cored only" seconds after wntralling the 
openmg toss-i n. Alan O'hern fllppro a nice shot into the left cornE'( 
Then only 14 seconds later, O 'hern scored once again from almost the 
exact sanH' spot. Dave Depuy, Dennis Thomas, David Harry and Mark 
Liska all got IOtO the scoring splurge and by the end of the first period 
the .. core was 6-0 I sat back to watch the dl'bacle through the 

_- remainder of the game It IS IIlterestlOg to note that Ambassador did 
not even g('t off a ,hot In the first quarter 

Coach Gary Hl'cker must have felt a sudden tWlllge of sympathy, for 
he bl'gan to put In the econd and third tnngers In the second p nod 

Over the last flv years the fhl' action deteriorated rapidly , With the Tntons scoring once more to 
team ha had an overall record of make the core 7-{) at IntermiSSion The highlight of this period (ame 
38-5 White feels that hiS team when Tnton goalie Hob Alei finally got hiS hands on the ball, 
" may lose as many matche thl regl~t('rlllg hiS first save 
ypar as we have In the last live In the third period, the Triton offense picked up agalll with Jeff 
years" Gunder. Mike MagOlre, (2), JO(' Miller, Ralph Ausman. and Depuy all 

LC'adlllg thiS year 's very scored to make th score 13"() and thus officially claSSifying the game 
Inexpenenced team will be a ' as a " rout " In this period, Ambassadore mounted a resemblance of an 
LOuplp of veterans, but there will attack,. and Aiel was forced to make severa l good sav . Nevertheless, 
be little or no depth as a majority the Tntons were still III total ommand 
of the team will be composed of In the fourth stan~, the Triton re erves began to tire and Coach 

Becker had no alternative but to put back in the starters The result of 
thl a tion would make any blood-thirsty, cold-blooded sports fan 
Jump for joy . UCSD scored nine goa ls in this period, (thiS might be a 
record, however I could find no proof of this in the AthletiC Depart-
ment's archives, simply because there are none of the aforementioned . 
Mercifully, the game ended at 22"() just when the Tritons were really 
beginning to get their offense going . Alan O'hern (6) and Dave Depuy 
(5) led the goal production . 

newcomers 

Mike Arnall and arl Wheeler 
will figure heavily In men's foil 
competition. Richard Tyde, DaVid 
Kahn and Richard Spahl should 
pace epee competition whil 
Steve Heard and Ty Sebastian 
hould lead th Tnton a~ far in 
abre competition 

Women 's comp titian consists 
of only fod matches UCSD will 
rely heavily on two promising 
ireshmen, Claudette Girdner and 
LIZ Knapp, as well as returnlllg 
team members Sue Flannigan. 
I ndla Wood and LOri Ballard . 

In the post game interview, Coach Becker could only claSSify 
Ambassadore as " weak" and hence he did not really know how Wf'1I the 
Tritons played One aspe t of the game he was pleased with was the 
iact that the team wa able to ke p Its foul total down . He also PQinted 
out that UCSD is ho ting the small college championships next 
weekend In the wand finale of the season He expressed the need for 
volunteers to hplp put on the meet Contact Gary Becker III the 
Athlf'tlc D partment if you are Interested. 

Continued on PaRe 10 

JV Basketball Starts Tuesday 
by Dave Eisen 

In hiS IIlltlal year of coachlllg at U SD, Mr. Bob 
'jIcCook may have a willn r III the '974-75 junior 
~r Ity ba kptball team . If, for ome reason, the 
-~uad Isn ' t as uccessf ul as expected,. Coach Mc-
Cook IS now taking bets that it will at least be thp 
810,t ('xc iting JV team In the school's history. 

It ~eem~ that M(Look IS utl ll{lng a couple of 
Mctors to comE' liP With th combillation of success 
and PX( Itl'n1l'nt 

The JV 's will be playing With a full-court man-to-
;enan pr('~s as much as pOSSible Players will be 

IgnatiUS High In an I ranusco Hart has the 
(Ii.,tlll tlon a) b('lIlg .he· only player to be recrUited. 
or approached to (ome to UCSD. Brockett, 6'5" 
from Verbum Del , In LA, and I::lliott . &'7 " from 
13erkeley High have also been impreSSive III pre-
.. eason scrimmag s. 

"The key to our success will probably be the 
defense," said McCook. "We' ll work very hard 
defensively and then we won't fast break We'll 
(ome. down and set up a disciplined 2-J high flO t 
pattern offense " 

• ~huttled In and out of th line-up, IIlsuring fresh, 
hustling bodl S 

WIth the exception of lunior co lleges. thE' UCSD 
,chedule Will be filled With opponents that will 
have scholarship players on the floor I\('(au e 
U SD offers no scho larships, McCook concedes 
that hl~ team IS limited taientwi e, but says that " W(> 
Me lucky to have the quality players that we' do 
have. W(' I('ally have lots of depth " 

T ick .... 
III r (,Tlll,l t 1011 
<!:~') 2:mq 

RUSH 
- tJ../D---

~[ 

~0II£M1Wl !.QUI 
RARE EA~ 

\{·E·Q SVttD WMON 
New Shows Each Week 

All c..,how~ , I M1 ill H ()(J I'm 
(XI In ",IV,IIlC<! 
r'(I,11 I hI' door 

PJj(C R Triton Times NOl/emher 22, 1974 

<n 
OJ 
.... 

o 
Ji 

The most Important factor. however, IS an In-
langlble, team ~Plrlt and outstanding player-coach 
ra pport " I 've neVN (oached a team With th IS much 
<;plrlt, " ,aid McCook " The players are always 
worklllg hard III pra tiC ,and they have respect for 
pach other as players and mp as a coach" 

Of 42 ml'n who tried out for the squad, 13 WNe 
<.. hosE'n 10 make' up thl' lV's. fhey IncludE' freshmE'n 
Lee Brockett , Dave Llilott . Joe Green teln, Mike 
Hart. Jim t'.uckol" Glen flolk , and Chris W I I IIlgton , 
and \ophomores 11m Haynie. Ld Moore, Andy 
Opl~'II. Palgl' Smith, and [)ave Wiggills . 

1111' JpllJrC'nl ~tdr IS Hdrt, a 6"" guard frpm St. 

Pre entty, the Tritons are being held back by a 
la.,h of IIlJunes. from bad ankles to pOison oak to a 
broken (ollarbone. Only Moore and IlIlolt 
however. \';111 be wlelined liP for awhile . ' 

UC.SD met Miramar NAS 10 a non-league game 
Wednesday evelling. The league season will beglll 
at homl' TUl'sday at 7· W. against the UC D arch 
rivals . USIU 

Pygmies: An Endangered People 
by M.kolm A. Smith 

Jean-Pierre Hallet, author, filmmaker and a man 
dedicated to the preservation of the pygmies, 
VISited UCSD Wednesday in an effort to generate 
interest in his film, "Pygmies," which will be 
screened in a benefit showing at the Museum of 
Man on December 7 and 8. 

Mr. Hallet, who the pygmies consider an "eldest 
elder," exudes love and admiration for the pygmies 
who are moving rapidly towards extinction: 
The Pygmies live. in the.,forests of Zaire, formerly 
the Belgian Congo. 

The extinction of the pygmies is aidro by the 
attitude of the Zaire government, which harrasses 
the pygmies, finding these "primitive" people an 
embarrassment to a nation which is attempting to 
modernize and industrialize itself, often at the 
expense of its native people. In spite of the bit-
terness that enters his voice when he discusses the 
actions of the government, he does not blame 
them; "They have been conditioned by colonialism 
to e)(ploit people, and they do a very good job. 
They had a teacher, but they are surpassing the 
teacher." 

Hallet describes his film as an attempt to show 
o~jectively, a beautiful people. "I have only that i~ 
mind, to be as accurate, as authentic, as possible, 
to respect their human dignity at all times, to make 

.them feel comfortable, to let them be themselves, 
never adding anything that would be a gimmick; " I 
don't make a close-up of a girl's breasts, or a piece 
of ass, just a plain honest film ." 

New Course 

Gre .. t newt from S<1n Diego Tr.nsit! We're using our new, 
orange mini-buses to cre<1te <1 new route for you. M.de by 
Mercedes-Benz, each of these little buses will seat 20. This 
isn't a required course, but it's one many of you will want to 
take! Tuition is low [2Sc each tim~ you sit in) and you don't 
have to worry about the grade. Meets regul<1rly <1t lICSD <1nd 
Fashion Valley, as well as Sorrento Valley. You can drop in 
anytime or sign up for a S10-<1-month Saverpass. Offered by 
San Diego Tr<1nsit's Action Pl.n '74. Call 239-8161 for 
complete information. 

INFORMATION 
239-8161 
.,.. ........................ , .... " 
_ ........ ' ... 1 ..... _.". 
.... "'- ..... w .... ..,,, .......... . 
... _ ............ _-.. 

.............. -..-,. ........ ... 
k __ .'_ .... , __ 
.... ,-_._._ ... 
... , ....... , .... , ............ , .. 
.0.<_, .. ,_,_ .... , .. .... 
. _,--_ .... . 
_._,- ......... . 
r""t._ 

--I 
I 
I 

......... 11 . . . .... • . u. .. __ 

.------------------------------------------

It's easy to be primitive, it 's har" to be civ.ilized. Butthat 's no reason to get n'd a/the primitive 
people. If the government woul" just leave the pygmies alone, in peace, the), could survive len limes 
longer than us because they live in harmony with nature. Whatever they take from nature, they give 
back to nature, The.y are a little ecological niche in their ecological system. 

But/~e government wants them to be law abiding citizens, pay taxes, contn'bule to the mIlitary, to 
tke poltee,. to the forces o/Iaw and order, to the fascist system that is going along with .the mIlitary 
d,ctatorshIps that most 0/ the African nations have. There/ore they are not let alone, and rather than 

%!:
u 'Pori them, or help them, the government is literally destroying them; nllmber one, by Ihe culling 

a the forest, which is Iheir home, their environment; number two, by harassmenl; number three, by 
arced lahar. !h.ey have to work o.n the road, exposed to the sun, dying /rom heat prostration. In 
ot~er word.s, It IS a su~tle, genocl~aI process that "-oesn '~ ev'!n have the honesty of killing peop/~ 
wI!h ma~hlne.guns; or In crematonums as Adolph HItler did WIth Ihe Jews and other people. But It IS 
stIli ge~ttng nd of them, they say they don 't pay taxes, they don't vote, they are not solid citizens, to 
hell WIth them . 

They never:, n.e'!ler, in their entire history, have been captured, been trapped, heen put in jal!. And 
th'!y are put In Jad be~ause they refuse to pay income tax. And they refuse to pay income tax because 
they do~ 't have any tncom~, how could they get any income unless theyenslavedthemselves in a 
plantatIon 0: an ass,!mbly Ime somewhere, punching a clock, and in fact they prefer to die than to do 
that. That IS prostltuttOn. 

Recently, the peoPle cJflhe inter:'or w~re told that with the 'fight of the century ' they would have to 
make sacnfices. So, ~a"y salan,es wdl be suspended, there wII! be no bonuses, nothmg special, 
because no other nattOn ~ott~e 'fight a/the century. ' So they are number one now that they got a 

knock oul somewhere in a n'nk, and the symbol 0/ 
thai fight is so sad, lor the lew Zairians that knew 
something about it. Two black men fight each 
other, and are glonfied to do so; it is not very 
conducive to stop the old, inter-tn'bal war, whereby 
black fishts black. If it would be a black and a 
white, It would make more sense, But the big 
problem is that blacks dislike other blacks. And to 
see it officially symbolized on the n'ng and 
41lnnft"d even to produce prestige number one lor 

country, this is bad. Two years be/ore, another 
attempt to gel prestige was with a very funny 
thing, which was a beauty contest. It was . 'Miss 
Europe, " and it was only white, beaultjul, sex-
object women. Now imagine one attempt to get 
publicity by putting a bunch of cllte white women 

-"''-"IIZJII..I that express beauty, supposedly, and then two 
years later put two black people in the limelight 
that express fight, hostIlity, bitterness, knocking 
one out. So the beauty is white, and the fight , the 

Jean-Pierre Hallet with friends 

hostIlity, the problem, is black; what a stupid thing to do . They are not very ciVIlized to not be able 10 
/iRure out the effect that these two prestige operations WIll have on the people. 

W~at I really' care about a.re my py,gmles, that are reat."- ~ying now, while in the caprtal clly, they 
go :zght on .wIth theIr soctal prest'Re, pomp and exhIbitIon 0/ wealth. Each minister has a big 
reSIdence wI~h Mercedes and chaUffeur, and they ~ave blS pa:-h'es with white ties and cavIar and 
ckampagne I~ported from Fran.ce . . When the preSIdent oj ZaIre has to go on a trip, he takes lor 
hImself a Boetng 717, an.d lor hIS, WIfe a DC-10, which are the two main. planes .;/ Air Zaire , all the 
rest are smaller thmgs Itke DC-6 s . And that expresses the need In Afnca lor the man to be Ihe Big 
Shot, wah the !emf!le stfbordmate a,!d separate. from the men . That is the application 0/tec6nology 
to the old, authentIC altItudes 0/ Afnca. And thIS is very sad; it is particularly sad when you see that 
a~ a res.ult of ail t~al, a pYsmy IS forced to work lor nothmg on the road, exposed to the sun, dies, is 
kIcked mto the d,tch, ana IS eaten by dogs. I saw the scene of a pygmy that was dead on the side 0/ a 
road that was eaten by two dogs. And thaI is pretty sad. 

~ILA.~I~ 
"MARI(£TPlACE or 'AWE .• /IlL ~CWE~ It 

5017 NEWPOI2T "~~~~' 

Jean-Pierre Hallet 

B~lJP;.r Af)E 
' 'WOI( or THE \\fEEl(" 
Abalone and Chinese 

Mushroom 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

C. UI IN[ 
Dlnne, Houra: 
Man Thu,5- 'O 

F,/·$4r511 

Beer and wine 
erved 

10 ' Di count ",ilh 
D h.d..-nl ID 

AMPlI: PARkiNG 
0159-,}842 

Si71 Ld Jolla BI\'d . 

PaRe 9 Triton Times November 22, 1974 



..,,.. ... ftr Polo .... Continued from 'qe 8 
action In the week. the Tritons split a pair of games. 

defeat the University of the Redlands 7·5 but losing to Cal State 
Northifge University 13·7. 

In ~h Redlands game. the Tritons overcame a 5-4 deficit after three 
quart~r to pull out the game. Alan O'hern (4), Corky Hull(2) and Dave 
Denton'scored for the Tritons . 

Tht' story in the CSNU game was almost the exact opposite as the 
Tritor,s were outscored 5·2 In the final period to lose what had been a 
close struggle . Thomas (2). Hull(2). O 'hern (2) and De~uy all scored for 
the Tritons. 

The Tritons will host the UCSD invitational this Thursday. Friday and 
Saturday 

_ .... IM., 
1911 Cable st . 

San Diego. Ca. 92107 
222·1438 

Jim Cummins 

\Our speech 
prof lectures 
with pebbles 
in his mouth. 

meetings 
CAMPUS CRUIADE fOR CH"'ST 
_ta FrL Nov. a In WI_r Comm_ 
.t 7 p.m. _1M muelcal ...-ntatlon. 
Everyone weloome. (111221 

Th. Community Vld.o C.nt.r·. 
monthly _tlnl wi. be Nov. 21 It 7PM 
.t 1\jI'_' ... ft r ...... _ .... hNc: ec:c_ 
.tudlo. E_t wlM be demonetreted. For 
Info: 2I4-:nII 11 1 1211 

The Comm. B08rd will m_ Friday. 
Nov. 22 .t 12 noon In the Student 
C.nter C-'_. Aoom. (,,/221 

SEX CUNIC: Coun.ellr.1 on Bellull 
Problem.. Wed.. H: R-'Ie Cou ... 
.. Ion Offlca Inllr th~ Pr_ Offlcel. 
Judith JorllflHll M.D.: HUlh Pit .. 
Ph.D. 111/271 

Bio Chern CRnlc · Mon.·Thun2" &7·10. 
"'rI. 2 ... Sun nItIe. Muir 2B·2'III. 111/271 

If YOU _In the LIt 10 Pre-Law 8KtIon 
IMt .prlna. ....... come to the LIt 10 
office IHL 12141 end fill out In 
.".Iuetlon of thet cou .... Thenk you. 
(11/211 

notices 
WORSHIP SERVICES Im.etln" It 
UniveFlltv Lutherln Churohl: Romln 
Cltholle· Sun. .t 1:30 "11'1 .• nd 1 p.m.: 
Sit. et 11:30 p.m.: TUII. lind Thu ..... 12. 
F... Donoven It C.mpbelL Lutheren . 
Sun. It 10:00 e.m .. P .. tor Huber. On 
Nov. :N. M..,rlln C.IIe.hen will .. rve 
•• eulterilt for MI_ B_ Nove folk 
_: Chepleln Albrecht'. _mon: 
"Coemlc Chr ...... Eplecopel . Sun. It 
12:30 p.m .. Fr. Young. 111(22) 

POT LUCK SUPPEA for .tuden ... nd 
townspeop" thla Sun .• 1:30 p.m .•• t 
Unlverelty Luther.n Church. BI"n up or 
cell 4&3-0lIl1;-'-. 111/221 

RITRIAT .. II Camillo ..... w/tll 
LuthIreII Student M--.t, c.. 
............ UnIwrItty .......... CIIMnIII 
., .. p.m. t.,.y fer WIllI end. JUIt 
e_ Iwlth .171 or alii .. ' or ... 
_1111221 

The Un.on of J_iIh Studen ... 
III-'n •• Shebbet dinner thi. Fri. 
nI.ht et 7:30 II. 1ft. In the Muir Apt. 
Lou"",. V.rlely of .,.....tI_I feode 
will b. Hrved. All ... welco .... I11/Z21 

All .tud ... t. mUitt oleer ..,Ift IocIlM&. or 
.. _ with Winter Q...,., ID'C.rd, by 
Frldey, D_mber .. "etum locke .nd 
tow ... to eQuipment I_u. room. The 
Phyelcal Edualltlon ~rI_t will not 
be .-p~" fo, I ....... left In lock ..... 
1111211 

TO MINORITY PAE· MED STUDENTS: 
Modlcel School Co",_. on Nov. 24, 
11:(1) AM · 1:00 PM 'n BSB. For ...... 
... done cel _-4'70. A_rv.tlOM end 
pertlclllltion .re frII. 111/21) 
HEUCON. The UCSD Poetry Jou".l. 
wi" b. on .... Mondey. November 28 .. 
get. COllY for. friend. 111/ZZ1 

INTERESTED IN LAW SCHOOL I 
UnI".rolty of Ben DI .. o. School of Lew 
la hevlne Ita' 3rd World Law D.y. The,. 
will be ..... k ... work.hope. D.te: S.t. 
Nov. D. 1114 Mor. Hell 1:00 . 3:00 p.m. 
For more Inform.don c.11 a, ... 
111/22) 

lectures 
Dr. S.re Grey, Aulltent Prof ... or. 
D.pt. of Hu ..... n Phyeioioey. Unlverelty 
of C.IHornie. D.vla . Neonetal V.aculer 
A • ..,tlvlty. Fri .• Nov. 22. 2:00 p.m .. Room 
S248, BSB. 111/221 

The D.II.rlm ... t of HI.tory will P ...... t 
• pUblic lecture by Prof_or Mlcheitl 
P.rrlah. D.p.rlm.nt of Hletory. UCSD, 
on Mon .. Nov. 21 .t 3:30 p.m. In the 
R.v.lI. Form.1 Loun ••. P,of ... or 
P ..... h will _k on 'The A_nber" •• 
Mr. Ju.tlc. Fr.nkfurtlf'. .nd The 
Sup,.me Court." (11/28) 

AoIfln" D.m_.,.tlon 11/22 12·2 p.m. 
North B.lcony 1111221 

You owe yourself an Oly. ~!=~~~::~~:!~::~~:il M.ud Ru ... 11 on Chi .. with two film. et SSB 2.22 M.tth_. e.mpu • • 

OlymDI 8 BreWing Company , Olympia Washington ·OLY·' 
Ad Olympia empties are recyclable 

PHIL"'E DE .IOCA·S 

KING OF 
HEARTS 

WITH 
ALAN 
8ATES 

PLUS 
'THE 
PRIVATE 
LIfE Of 
SHERLOCK 
HOLMES' 

fOR 
TIMES 

• 

CALL 

IIWJ-.S."'.M 
AI 7:11 & t:4I 

_ FIA~ AI I:JI 

fARASne PlA.n 
WINNER GRAND 'IIX AWAID 

1973 CANNES FILM FESTIVAL. AN 
ANIMATED SCIENCE FICTION filM 

.... ·S •• "Y. 27-81C. I 

SALT 
WATER 
WINE 

f' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ CHRIS1.'MAS CHARTERS ~ : . EUROPE: 8395.00 ~ 
I, NEW YORK: 8219.00 ~ "/' (Spaee Still A vailable) ~ ~, ~ 

~ I 20 da ys 1"/ 
~ ~n4 / 
~ I Dec. 14Los Angeles/Paris TlA DC-8 "/ 
~ Jan. 2 ParisI Los Angeles TlA DC-8 ~ ~ ~ ,1213 21 "'Y' I 

Dec. 13 LosAngeles/New York TIA OC-8 <?J0 

, 'an. 2 New Yo!'k/LosAngelesTIA DC-8 La.s.l I~' 
Fora" student and University (7tt~ ~e 
Irayel needs contilct: 
Student Services West 452-0630 00 
UCSD International Cente, ,,<r l' '..I , 1~m to 3:30pm Mon, Wed, Fri only ~lvli ~ 

I 

Page 10 Triton Times November ~2, 1974 

': .. I.d I 

NEW WORLD EDUCATIONAL 
TRIPS: SOUTH AMERICA 2-4 
Monlh e.periences LOW· 
COST. Brochure, write: PO 
BOX 2131, Salinas, Calif. 93901 

Tu.dey Nov . •• 7:30 p.m. (11/21) 
Phlloaophy D .... rtm.nt Colloquium. 
A.".II. Formel L'ou""" 3:00 p.m .. 
Novemb.r 22nd. Prof_or Georgloe 
Anellnoatopouloe. Phll08ophy. UCSD. 
"Nuel .. r W.r"re, Morel •• nd Lew . ... 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PI' MfUM , (U,-, IKA( TOKS 

Leaverton - San Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLATIONS - REPAI RS 
STATE LICENSE NO . 272·677 

5'66-4411 
7575 Carro ll Road. San Diego. Ca . 92121 

d"nces 
, 

Folk DIIMI! 11122 1-11_ .,... G~ 
Co",. "11'1. 

"T.n D.ve Thet Shook the WorkJ." 
C ..... c film on the October llt7 
R."olutlon. Fri .. Nov. 22 at 1 p.m. " EI 
Celon BIeI". For Info 210-1212. 111/221 

Groundwork Commun'ty C.nt.r 
"Grend Olllning .nd CIoein" D.y" •• 
Set. Muelc .. d mlK thruout the day 
etarlln. .t 12:30 •. m. FII..... .t.rI .t 7 
p.m. All welcome." trw. 1411 So. 101. 
Bolene B .. ch ..... ,0 111/221 

music 
Com. to the '.th .nnlverury Scon 
JopHn Birthday P.rty. Greet .. gtlme. 
Aevelle Coffe •. Hou... B.turday; 
Nov.mber D. 1:30 p.m. Fr ... 1111221 

wanted 
Need ride to Sen Fr.nclaco. L .. vlng 
Nov. 27. Will ahe .. " •• & drlvln". C.II 
.... enln". 7S=II3I. m 1221 

NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylng Top Dolle, 
for your U.S. Silver Colne Minted befo,e 
, .... K.n .-02·1321. Ip 1111 

MAMMOTHI Need ,,1rI. over v.e.tlon. 
AlI ... II"" prlvl ..... C.II Mlck .t nl"ht. 
Z70-731B. m 1221 

Wented : Wom .. ·• blk. In "ood ahepe. 
c.. Jeff 4112· ... 111/221 

Compeui_te tudor needed for O· 
Chem l40A Win. _Ulnce. Good 
Fln.ncl.1 comp.n .. tlon. 413·1070. 
(11 /221 - • 

Photo Imports 
Co.mero. Excho.nge 

"a real 
camera store" 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565·9995 

The Triton TilDes 
Arts Supplement 

Is CODling: 
Writers, photographers 

graphic artists and reviewers 
come out of the walls and 

join the bandwagon. 
Contad Larry Deckel 
Triton Times X3466 

for further information. 

(contest fans: see :NAME 
that supplement" article 
on page 6~ 

Also: News 
needs writers. See 

John Taylor, IT office 

F1MCM •• M ........ 
TheIOfl.wn._necureily 
....... naI .. c--r· 

1Io/~~. Inside. 
!fools _Ined wIIh_ 
.....1HIher for_ 
...-comlOl1. All Roob_e 
aefted by c.n.dIen CobbIm 
who feel lhel. prodUCI m.de 
nIOIIIy by hAnd wII SIll do 
lhe most for your IHI 

RocbrSoM 
In a nelUral stride . welghl 
moves from Ihe heel. along 
the OUler side of Ihe fool 
lhen diagoNJly acr0S5 to the 
big loe. which sprin~ you off 
on your nexl slep Roots 
rocker sole helps Ihis shift in 
weighl. making every fOOl · 

~tep lust a little less lIring 

Anatomy of a Root 

Supported Arch 
The dly sidewalk can be a 
rtoe! arch·enemy And faUen 
arches hurt Roots are con· 
loured 10 support Ihe arch 
Gnd Ihe small recess between 
Ihe balls of your leel 

1l"~5t. 
Le ..... c.Iif. 

(".,.5 .. :1611 
1"''-''-A ... WftMaoIIv.,. 

(21l) .7 .... 101 

R_HCIHHI 
Walk on sand and your heel 
will leave Ihe deepesl pan 01 
your foolpnnl In nalural 
Walking. mosl 01 your weigh I 
lands on your heel Conllton 
1I0nai shoes-.ven low· 
heeled shoes- hI! you forward 
and change your baSiC POS-
lure In Rools . your heel Sinks 
.nlO a comlorlable recess . 
gIVing you a nalu ral walk on 
any kind of sufiace 

THERE's A NEW RULE OF THUMB 
FOR WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS. 

AMTRAK. 
Instead ot ~tanJing on a highway, catching 

the hreeze as the cars pa you by at S5 mph, 
you could IX' C<ltching llur car. Amtrak may nut 
IX':1S cheap a~ hitching. But for the little 
money y( III spend, you get a lot more in rerum. 

Nowhere clse hut lin an Amtrak train Lill 
you get S(l much room <llllng the way. 
We give YOll the biggLst seat in travel. With 
more sp<lce <lfOlmd it, t(ll i. 

From our picture windows, we give yuu 
the kind of close-up view o( America you 
c<ln't get from highways and cloudbanks. 

You can get a different point(,f view, 
toO, from the people you meet 
on the train. Since there are no se<lt helts 
to hold you back on Amtrak, 
y( III can roam the tmin from car to cat 
Maybe grab something to drink 
at the snack bar or lounge car. And 
the prices are reasonable, t( I( I. 

On cross-country trips, you can stop off along 
the way anywhere you I ike. Then 

board another train later with 
the same ticket. 

But for the time you're ~ith LIS, 
you'll find the Amtrak train 
a whole different trip. Because 
we not only get you to where 

you're going, we take you away from 
the problems of air pollution, 

energy crisis and inflation. Maybe 
that's why on trains people act more 

like friends than strangers. 
On your next trip, come together with 

your friends on Amtrak. 

Save America's Ene ... )'. Save Your EneI'KY' 
Ride the Train. . 

• 

Pale 11 Triton TilMS Nowembft D, '974 



...... New .ISI fOf'-. KASTLE CN 
aC::aII_", or ..... cAtItr. ~ ...... I 

.... ....,. OIlIer ~ In FlCHER. 

KAI1U ATOMICS.t G,.n Itrlcee~N 
... Fectory o-n ... for 1 yr. Mell. 
_ en oHw .... D_ R·1O Muir Apt. 
____ 111/2Zt 

'-'""I Hencl-c.rv.d picture fre_ 
.... R_all •• '. Aek for GeIe. .. 

or~.I111221 

For ... IurfItoerd .. 11". Excellem 
oond. _ or ............ .,.-. 111/2Zt 

.... : ,. Chryller. New Yorker. 
III:XOl"'nt concltlon. AfWr. p.m .•• 

t7JI or ..... offer. 111/2Zt 

Iyclcle Islooldna for • __ .•• 
JIf ............ Cell CIIu.o .t .·1714. 
n/2Zt 

fen IPMd bill., ... -.,.. In/2Zt 

For .... : Dynlmlc VR17 .Is, 1Mcm, 
w/blndl,.....·.1CIO. Northwwtern .ott 
c:IuIIe. _ 1_ ..... __ .fter I. 
1111221 

Celculetor.' ...... EIee. .1Ide ru". ItiII on 
werrenty • • 1. _ .1'1 __ . Perfect for 
1ttIvI. Chem. Itwe .~ 1111221 

FOR SALE: GUILD FZ'IZXL 12 ItM' 
au .... w/ ... rd ..... _. Uk. _ 
~..... offer.Mult Ieli. -.1.1. 
!n/2Zt 

For ..... Ford CullOm _ Xlnt condo 
Good Tlree. Itc. GIll Cell Lete m-7IJI 
111/Z7l 

THE SUMMIT of .. ,. ...... then N~ 
• I..". D .... nI QUellty tor 1_.,. 

on ten., perk.. .kl tourtntl 
etc. For Info cell • • 1IZ2 .nd 

.. for Tom 111/m 

Cue ... tepe record_ 121 po""" GE· 
tao Rob .. w/AM·FM redl~" . ... 
0"1. C.rpetlng.12J111 white pll. " . 
10.11 H.ht .,.y '10. T.V.·21" COnlo" 
B&W Z .... lth w/remote control-". 
110mm TLR M.mly. L.na .,·el'I1' 
(11 /221 

For .. I.: Camptra"a pack, .xc.I"nt 
condhlon make off.r 270·3051 (11 /2151 
FOR SALE AM·lon. band c.r radio. or 
12V Orlg. from VW fit moat for"gn 
cars. Tim 682·1429 (11 /22) 

Mu.t ,.11: a good look ing b.d with 
Matt,.., .16 call: 462·1714 (11 /22) 

Amp. for guitar or organ & Glb.on 
I.verb unit. $65 call Jeff at 462·9016 
111/251 

69' Simca Steel Radials St.reo, 30 MPG 
Good Condition. Front Wh.el Orlva, 
$615 or offer CaU287-8329 (11/221 

7'h HP Outboard motor fo rward and 
ravers. $75 or offar Call 287·8329 (11/221 

Miracordl Elac Turntable 620U M6 Call 
2878329 (11/221 

1968 Po nt . GTO convert. air, mu.t .ell. 
$660 or be.t 488·5032 after 6 (p11 12151' 

4 SALE B .. ut lful COCKER SPANIEL 
IPure Bred Puppyl will maka good otf.r 
.. k4 Melody 492-9019 (11 /221 

Gerag. sal. thi. w.ekand Furniture, 
di.ha., goodi .. &' doodad • . 4717 
PauMng Av • . Unlv City. 462·0733. (11 /221 

FREE Puppy "Sllli ha" Hu.kl. Mix, f.m. 
Intallig.nt 7 wi:. . Hou .. brok.n, Will 
give only to ar imal 1000er with good 
home and good 'laad. 111 /221 

~'! ' ;~,:; D"""~ 4' 
_~, ,_ Xlnt cond $215. Nat. 

Georg. '89-74 IDe ee Walt xll28 0, 
7561029 (11 /261 

Going Sk IIng?? T~o Snow Tlra. size 
6.50 - 13 fit. ~i "to Vega. Op.l. etc 
. 121l)alr Ro b.rt 462·0487 eva nlng l . 
n 1/221 

SALE-«Z-Volvo $400 or b .. t offer. NHd. 
work. 436-3411 Tim (11 /22) 

Volvo 1228. ne.d •• m. body work and 
minor coam.tlc cl.nup. Car I. not 
.-e3I01O .v • . 1111221 

71 YAMAHA ENDURO Exc.lI.nt M.ny 
.. tra perte tooll & off· rOlld ltean .. 
" . 431-1431(11 /27) 

s..konlc Und_.tar lI.ht meter, nlVlr 
u •• d. Gd Condo 414·Il0l la.v. 
_ ... . 1OO.CIO/BIt off. (11/221 

Fleeher au ....... CompeCItIon eIdIeI. 
new _r ~ mou ..... _ Mettler 
Rota .... bIndI ........... .... 
. _X~_. Walt",,. 

.URF.OARD • ft. "-" Gun Vinuelly 
new'" "RPICT coMltlon.l12ID or ..... 
offer. cal • __ , 111/211 

~DICA IKI IOOTI. 11M ... oaIIant 
cond., cenIer • Jet ......... Call Rlett 
• ..,.111,., 

fOR aALI: ...... herd C .......... .... 
c.IIm ..... tor ................. 2 
............ oId.l11/B1 

Jeok Le Le ... EUNlMln H ...... ... 
three year contNot for ... Raduoed 
PriOll Cell ___ ............ a.m. 
1111221 

personals 
J.Q.F .• faClo·The ....... II lit .. the 
.. loon car Ie .... the adventu ... Is 
..... RI.ht1 ... .A. T. 1111221 

H_te owad Wln.o. mlrrond I","" 
aollcltl", Ioa.e Youth. Far out, Xenon. 
H_te.1111221 

A: Cen WI nummy on your "' .. 1 Low 
J GlrIIW .... '11/221 

Dear Marla E .... In Frank .... 1A: You 
... the FlNE.T "!lIP" of the tam ... 
Populeca on campu .. Chrlltapher Paul 
(11/22) 

I.C. Loti L_ you baby. made my 
ate1llmant. You .Ive ... ,ood tl_ 
From .... LJ. kid. Lefty. (11/22) 

To my hero, T.rzan. My 1_ nwer 
atope ,rowln. Your banlnl. J.ne 
(11/221 

H.ppy Birthday, EIUotLCIW. Jeri (11/221 

Rocky the mountain rnan would Ilk. to 
..,.tunk & C ... rter • mole ho .. tour. The 
mountain men (11/221 

Mltzlta·hev. a HAPPY blrthdayl Tim .. 
heve changed, Kldd~1 really ml .. your 
rUlty razor blad_ on t... .h_er 
b.nch·AI (11/~1 

Stac.y. no I don't went your body. You 
lure have wl.hful thinking. Ro 111 /221 

Hacat_ opal wand alway. rHk •. Eat 
your opue u"y cat. AI.o Lolly le.p. HI. 
d i.play ing sloopy I .. rs. B.W. (11 /221 

AMOR MIO: Me da mucho gueto que 
eet. s . qul conmi go. .... y qu lero declr-
t . ... 138 ... SIEMP RE ... LA BRU J A (11 /22) 

Happy Birthday, lega l perlon. Now you 
can get bu.ted with the r .. t at U'. 
When d Qas t he rain check get ca. h.d l 
silent one (11 /221 

Rocky·you stil i haven' t anaWlred mv 
qu .. tion. Ehhhl B (11 /22) 

o .. r Hon .. t P.reon. THANK YOU for 
retumlng my Meth book .. I'm glad to 
know your kind .tllI.xllte (11 /221 

Suffer O.O.B. luffer. B .. ldea. how do 
you know I WANT to g.t It togatherl 
Lov., Cellfornla Girl (11/221 

By. Cleo Mlk. Bobble My Suit. Ron 
J im Joel Steve MI .. you moat and lov. 
yOU all-Share (11 /221 

O .. r Suit.Want to thank you .11 for 
being .0 n~=. ';':!:: :~.;~ ~ vn ... Clh ..... • 
, •• ,"".'H • -- _ ...... -. 
" .,££1 

SherH found I .... ma te and hi. name I. 
Alen. Hop •• he' ll b. happy I know .he. 
In lov • . (11 /221 

Dear Marty; give our lava to 1" .. 1 H.K. 
end Liz. (11 /22) 

KiINbl. and Weitlng- ·H.ppy Blrthdey 
end walt no longer I'll b. up tonlghtl 
Lov. toana1l111 /221 

R.f .. ·Wha,.' . the p.reon.1 you 
promlled mel Huhl -Itud (11/221 

Fox at the 'Box'-You're Indeacrlbably 
daliclou.11 H_ .bout dinner 10m. 
nlghtl Jack Cuetornar (111221 

P ... y·Dlet tod.y1.. ... Tlllnk about It. 
(11/221 

ents for ourselves ~ ..... --.... =----
DARUNI PRINCETON-W. low you 
.nd _11 .... you. .E HAP"I ·Your 
...... (11/2Zt 

Dear J 'n R w. fI ..... the _.plp. 
caet you eltout 11 oentI. M 'n M 111/2Zt 

R_I • hoII ,..,W. "va ....-cI 
the pt. of no o __ t our .... 
.. NtIeI·.ob.c)el ........ lnl22l 

BIondIa. X·_Trea II. tone pull on • 
ehort au ...... Dude II'" .......... wev. 
_toh out. for who ...... the truth-
the ... ...n or the ....... men7 
rrlvClloully. your fftend. the INver Horn. 
1111221 

Leroy I .... J.c.l-your 21 ... n_ for • 
IC boy to '_m how to "' ........ 
Y .. r Nt braC11122 

LOVER A I'm .00ne to miaI not bel ... 
.bIe to "W you • -".up klea In the 
morning. unu FOX 111/2Zt 

TN .mpu ... , ..... _ ~ com-
pletely plowed. Any_ who w .... to 
.. rden "'ould _I Mik. lu,,"n .t 2"'-
" . (111221 

He". • 'Onlflde bIrthcIey. B_ ....... 
Well thet'. fI .. 1 C • J (111221 

Butch: God forbid. the ply,.. Imrrl 
WOW .... .. cucumb.,. ... I .... d. lUll· 
__ . 111/2Zt 

"-PPY 11th Cuff. I .ot It ltrIIeht _ 
.nd he.,. to k_. "when willi _ you 
• .. ln7' LowCapt.1eapoop 1111221 

M.C. R.m.mb.r: rock. • .. ul.h 
toIMt_. IThey OlIn be .tIen without 
baing ........ ,. Innooant m Iyou bet! 
(111D1 

KIt ..... : If I COIM.nd _ you OlIn I have 
a cherry too 1 Chuok 111/2Zt 

Into Montenl, _r Nabre ". throu.h 
Ontario; veI'- orangutanl .. mbollng 
aw.v mv .. -.-. PA 1111221 

A. Bull-your piece or ml .. 1 Lot.lmer 
(11/221 

WMA A .. oc. : W. uau.lly only make 
midnight runa to the liquor etor. but w. 
can make en .xceptlon. (11/22) 

Marl.: "Two h.d. are better then 
Onl," but r.ltv don't you think five I. 
beyond r ... on. Lord P,... (11/221 

River au .. n.: How can you competa 
with true lov.l You' ll hev. to find 
youreelf another QU.rry. W.'v. got thl. 
on. on the run .. 1&1 (11/22) 

Blake 321 : Why do you put u. off1 W. 
want a meeting l Give ua a .lgnU 
Waiting in love. 1&1(11 /22) 

Buckey. This love note I. worth. 1000 
winks. madhatter (1 1/221 

Blondle-Forget short leg., H. only 
wants your body. XMAS TREE (11 /221 

To the well-equ ipped auto m.chenlc: I. 
it true tha t your etlck.hltt I. 
monogrammedl (11 /221 

Clam--Wh.,a·. your cal.ndar1 Bonzo 
(11 /221 

o .. r C.R. I got the hate for you lady. 
Come with me to tha C..bah. Surf. 
Iclate1111/221 

Killer, I lov. the epr.d of your bed, but 
.nou.h of tllla qu.ckery·1 lov. Don 0 
ev.n moral a of M (11/221 

Merle · com. b. my antl •• n . 19M2 
(19SI VKIII,Inv (11/221 

Bov with the ~:,::~;;;Qm.coiored .v ... 
" yuu re cown, know I cera. Sch.ln on 
mao Inhal • . Lov., B. (11/221 

Shelly B. Happy Birthday and thank. 
for being allv. from the on. who 
cherl.ha. the ground you welk on. 
Lov • . Oav. (11 / 221 

Tiger: I do l I dolll I'm Shy ... but 
whenl11 ·Chulchl • . 111 /221 

Tube-utar b.lla ·from thOH who know. 
(11 /22) 

Blak •• I.t.rs: W. _re cr.tlng Ut.1 
Whet do you do .t 3:30 A.M.111 The 
Troll. of Urey Hall. (11/221 

Som.BODY (f.mII .. ,·P ..... come ..... 
my .... rt and _m my IOUII ... rna off 
thIa hook and out of 'hi. f_erl 
C.ptaln Meteor. (11/2Zt 

Attention Glrll: Orey ... 1 Is no fIIhl 
He'a w.rm·blooded ...... weltlnel 111/221 

....... : Any wev yell ..... 1t. .. 11t 0lIl 
-.. lie P ..... tII, Your'. ...., 
111/2Zt 

Oahkoah .nd liz. T1Ienk. for nulling 
1M beak to .... 1th. 

T!t auper AP. 1M T.·. the ... for help 
tllM. W/O you. Craehll R. 

JT·It'.oooI, Daley 

housing 
Room tor 1 or 2 In ho-. _r Win-da_. .71 plu. uti....... ___ ~ 
111/., 

Fam. houaetnete naadad to ..... 21R. 
hau .. ln La Jolla. _/mo. ply. utiL '''' 
Nov . • , -.z. ,." claVI •• 1aQ 
nItea. No ...... 1111221 

F.m." ftIIded to ahe .. condominium 
for wlmar. 1 % ~mll. from IOhooi .• 100. 
C.II .. ., or ...... (11/271 

Roommate MIded. pool. tum. laundry. 
•• 1 mo. 1't " .... pIua _ "'. __ 
11G attar '. 111/271 

2.R .pt. 1 IA flr/Oll""" ewlm/pool 
pIua laundry ••• mo. AveiL PI _ 
Dec. 1, m-OlI1·_. (11/22) 

LARGE."M: For 1·_ ...... ut. for 2'-
PM ut. Ea. M or F ..... apt. wll M: 
Dec. ,. Del Mer • __ 1'1/2Zt 

Two badr_ • ."........In 10. M .... ".> 
b .. chfront hou.. flre .. lec.. 2102 
Itrendway· ph ___ • Ip11/2Zt 

M ... roommeta to ..... VWY nlOII 2 br. 
houa. I. Mla.lon 'Nch, W/W. 
fI~,"'uftn.~. ~o~ 
.1211 mo. 01111 Nrtv ___ . 111/., 

HOUIEMATE WANTED for qul.t 
hou .. hold In C.rdlff. Gred etuclant or 
..nllbll humlln being .. ref.,..... III 
rent. lI30II Tom or 713-1171 J.nnl. 
(11/221 

2 tlim. room mil tee to .... re .m.1I 
comfortabl. hou .. In La Jolla by Dec. 1 
.1C1O inct. utll. Call Joanna "'''. e2IMI7 
(11/2151 

F.male w.nted to lhera nice Duplex, 
Sol. Bch. w/ m.l. & F. 1CIOt/month lutU. 
Inc.I751911. (111221 

0.1 Mar. yo..,r own room In hou •• 
w / mu.lc graduete .tudant. Wood 
floore. front and beck yerd. 321 8th 5t. 
111 /251 

One rm. Ig. view H. Carm.1 VeillY Rd. 
Avail. frm. Dec. 15752841 Campa tlbl. 
111 /251 

Math Grad ne.d. roommate to .her. 
large furni.h.d apt In P.B. own room; 
87.501 mo.; available Dec. 1; contact: 
Rich Ra.co, 1461 Mo.. #4. 274-0718 
(11 /271 

Roommata went.d. own room In 3 Br. 
Apt. In P.B. t83.00/mo. ph. 270·3051 
(11/261 

Party·.tu. to ahara oc.n trnt. condo, 
own Rm. & Bth. M.B . • 1C1O man. m-
a. (11/271 

M.I. Graduat. etud.nt: B.droom, 
laml-Prlvata B.th, Kitchen Prlvll ..... 
In PI ... nt Hou .. Bird R~!r. :I:!~. = 
i*r. mii. 8-1081111/221 

2 Gu.,. need M or F to Sh.re 3 BR. 
Dupl.x In DM '" "::' .... _ "- - - ' 
.,., _ _ _ : •••. ,. " . .. _." ..... c;:n. 
•• _ 1 ,,'''. III6-43ZO orC.c:.. (11/211 

N .. d famal. hou .. mate, oc.nvl_, 
LJ .. . In." rm for xma. braek ., call 
~(pm) •• k tor P.m. 111/221 

Hou .. mataCal w.nted for 2 Br In 0 .. 
Mer. Coup" or 2 ma ... to .her. rm. 
.1Oea . • 11141. "2147(11/2&1 

HELPI 1 OR 2 ROOMMATEI WANTED 
BY DEC. 71 Ler .. , vary nlOll .pt. In 
Encln ..... 11mln to UCID. 3 BR. Own 
room " ....... m. ..... .. 01111 JIS. 
3110. (111221 

Room for r.nt In C.rdlff Duplex, ahara 
with :I other people. Own room - • 
month, ply. uti....... Phone JD.4Z74. 
(11/221 

Hou ..... MM ... tor 2 auVl who _nt te 
_ to Del Mer _t.....,.. Cell 2M-
"'(11/221 
Roommlt. w.n__ - - .. 
comfy houH w/llffiw .... oookine 
1110 loL Ich . .,.-,111/11) 

.......... WIntIId: 2 " • MI to 

..... Lrw ............ h.,. UII. Cell Kent 
orCJery-... k ..... _ ... 111i221 

lost and found 
LOST CeIIoo FemtI Cat ten IPI. .... 
....... _till 014. Nov • et C ... 
Apartmenta. X2JI7 "'1221 
LOIT .. MX· ......... In UBI DI2. 
R_rd. Cal: • __ 1111211 

L .... blue. .............. Itolltla.l 
1oIa_ notelHlok R_ ... 11'/2Zt 

FOUND-Auto oIub ..... of J ..... LM 
Ruehlng. PIak up III Tritlon TIme oHIoe. 
111/221 

Loot: I ... ,. pock.t celoulltor. WI. buy 
back for ._ or ...... ,.. ... unit for 
_lID. CeU72-1I77. 1111221 
FOUND: One kL Milt _ et .... R"'" 
feuntll" .. noon on FrIcIIry. Will ..... 
.rnetlon ... dlecraat. 1"1211 

Found: Ia,.. ora ..... 1trfped cet In Muir 
perking lot. Call .~ or ___ 
(111221 . 

LOIT: OIIluolua book TlIur. In 2A ~ 
My nllM .. In It: .......... P .... 
return to the TT offIoa. 1111221 

L .. In Revel .. perklne lot. 01 ........ 
_ on 11 .... Contact Mr. WI-. Unit 2 
or Oil ~ .t IIItht. 111/2Zt 

J ... mv .ro..,n • your ..... faund In 
au..., L.r8fY Is .t CamtIua It .... 
111/221 

LOIT: N_ NE c_ un. Me of keya 
w/ ... ther ..... NEID them becklll 
Contact ..... et 271-DI7I11/2Zt 

To .... creep who _., ratum my 
_lilt. my." .nd .......... from 
C.~111/221 

Loot: Celculltor .... 10. "10_ f .... Incrad... honaot. thIIra II • _d. 
,-(11/22) 

services 
O.t Into .red achooll For .uarantMd 
Info .. .,. t2 to phd·. P.O. Box ..aot 
San D"~ 121 .. 111/211 
UNPLAIftIEo PREONANCY7 Con· 
fldentlll counl.llng. frae pr"nlncy 
tMtl, abortion & birth control ..... t. 
BIRTH CONTROL INSnTUTE 213-.. 1 
(p1'/221 
TYPING. Th_. tarm pepar., reporte, 
ml.c. 1114: p,. I.ttar·perfaet. Cell Baa: 
7&3-7368 (p11/271 
RUSSIAN TRANSLATORS with 
sci.ntlflc training required. AI.o other 
Illnguag ••. FrHlanc • . S.nd re.ume to 
SCITRAN. Box 6466. Senta Barbare, 
California 93108. (p11 /22) 
Typl.t. Fe.t. 46 cente per pege. Cell 
Rechel at 463-9272. 111 /XTI 

Birth Control·Appte . • hould be made 3 
we.k. in advance for clinic .arvlce • . 
D.c. 11 . W.d . la opan now. Jan . • & 8 
will b. n.xt cllnlce for winter quarter. 
Pi .... c.1I 462-2819 Mon. 7 Wad. 6-9 
Tu • . 7 Thure. ~3 (11/21) 

TYPIST: IBM Term pep.,., thee .. , 
~I ... rtatlon •.• tc. Edltln./RUSH JOBS 
Xerox. Andl: 2IO-G07 & 110-1141. 
(p11 /271 

Term P.penl Canad.·a ler ... t a.rvlc • . 
For catelotu. ..nd t2 to: EINv Ser-
vlcII 17 11r ..... Io,· ,. .. - PI _ ~ 
Toro:no, on;;ri~,"ce";';:"(Pl/:i ' D 
DATSUN STUDENT DISCCyni~ ;;; ,. 

~~.:. '!'!:~:;~;. c.ii Mr. F .... y 212· 
21 • . (P11131 
Wom.ncar •• Info & rat.".1s pr ... ncy 
'lit. birth control, abortion., pre-natel 
cara. 10lI0 Oa~net __ ,., (111271 

travel 
CHARTER FLiGHTI TO EUROPE witt 
Char·Toure on Pan-Am. LA dapartu,... 
"EIERVAnONS: TGT ~ Sky P.'" 
Blvd. 320, Irvine, Ce. 71~701I. INII: 
EUROPE· ISRAEL e ORIENT. Low cae 
Itudent fU.1Ite all YMr round. A.I.I.T. 1. I. Le Clanata .tvd. .... A ....... 
_ 17141 ....... or 12111 _-2727 
1..,11271 

EUROPE. I.RAEL.AFRICA Itud.n. 
fIItht8 .. VMf round COIITACT: 
_ UnIvaraIty Awe. ." .... .,..... 
CIIIf . .,. TIL 17141 • __ I2tII ... 
_1""1271 

IIW TrwaI 0fftCII • 0lIl CAMPU8 • 
EUROPI • NY C.... UC8D """ 
c.... .... 1N:II M.W,', OM.Y 
1.1'1271 


