
UCSD Friday NOfle",ber J J, J 974 

Dorm Rates to Increase 
$200 in 1975-1976 Year 

by Ch~rles Heimler rooms are slightly higher.) 

Regents Meet Today, Consider 
3rd Cost JUDlp, Proposition 4 

Inflation combined with the 
building of Third College in the 
atmosphere of skyrocketing 
construction costs will increase 
UCSD dorm rates next fall by 
nearly S200. 

Two factors have led larry 

Larry Barrell 
Barrett, who heads the campus 
food and housing operation, to 
predict the rise in annual dorm 
rates. 

Rent for Mesa married student 
housing will increase to current 
on-canipus apartment rates. A 
two-bedroom Mesa apartment 
rents for about S130 per month . 
Rent for .. room in the Muir 
apartments is S85 per month . 
According to the prospectus, the 
Mesa two-bedrooms wi II rent for 
S160 a month beginning next fall. 

The rise in mortgage payments 
is tied to the manner in which the 
University of California finances 
the building of new dorms. 

Very simply, the money to 
build a dorm and cafeteria 
omplex is raised in this manner . 

the complex is built using 
borrowed money. The loan, plus 
interest, is paid back through the 
sale of bonds. The amount paid 
back is called the debt service, 
which extends 40 years, and totals 
about S1 million per year for 
UCSD. 

Of the total paid by a UCSD 
student for an on-campus room, 
30 percent is used for the debt 
service. For students paying the 
$1459 rate, S426 go s to the 
mortgage payment. 

When a new complex is built, 
as in the case of Third College, 

Continued on Page J 

Statew ide Effort 

The University of California 
Regents meet at Santa Barbara 
today in gen ral s S~lon, with an 
item involving the proje ted cost 
of the first Third College 
Residence Halls on their adgenda. 

In addition, this meeting will 
put in. motion the process of 
making the Regents reflect the 
conditions of Proposition 4, 
recently passed by California 
voters. 

Third College 
The Third College item, 

recommend d by President 
Hitch for rubberstamping by the 
Regent's Committee on Grounds 
and Buildings and the Committee 
on Finance yesterday, and by the 
Board as a whole today, calls for 
an increase in financing for th 

Residence Halls from S2,73O,000 
to S2,999,000. The increase is 
necessitated by "rapidly 
.(?scalating labor and material 
costs in all construction areas," 
according to a report from the 
President's office. 

Proposition 4 
Proposition 4 gives the Board 

the option of opening a position 
to a possible "student and/or 
faculty membership" President 
Hitch has recommended that the 
Regent'> Special Committee on 

Reorganization "consider the 
addition of a faculty member 
and/or a student as mem-
bers ... and, if such add,t,on IS 
viewed advisable, conSIder what 
procedures should be establrshed 
for selecting them" 

Third College Academic Unit I, now under construction. 
Housing units will b~ localed in trees west of Cenlral Library. 

A Very Dumb Mistake 
In ils Wednesday, November 13 issue, the Trilon Times 

reported thai Wednesday's date was Fn'day, November lJ. This 
was not correct. 

Today is Fn'day, November lJ. 
We would lite to apologize to anyone who conducted a portion 

of her or his existence Wednesday having been incorrectly 
informed as to the date. 

The first is food costs, which 
have risen 10 percent over the last 
year and are expected to increase 
another 10 percent. Along with a 
10 percent in rease expe ted In 
labor, supplies, and utilIties, 
th se fa tors combined will add 
another S100 to the current room 
and board rates. 

UFW Seeks Aid In Staffing Rural Health Clinics 
And second, the mortga!>" 

payment for the new Thin .. 
College residence complex will be 
spread to all UCSD residence 
rates. That figure, S90, added to 
the food increase, means annual 
room and board rates for next fall 
will increase 13 percent to S1653 
for Revelle and Third, and slight ly 
higher for Muir. (Revelle and 
Third students currently pay 
$1459 if they live in a double 
room . Singles and Muir College 

hy John H . Taylor 
The h alth (are arm of th(· Unlt('d r arm Workers has orne to UCSD 

in Its ar h for medie al ner~onn('1 to help taft it's four alifornia 
rural h alth clini s 

larry Casalinl, a writN who IS l urrpntly recruiting stat wid for the 
NatIonal Farmworker's I i('alth Group, told th Triton Times Wed-
nesday that he is appealing to an DIego and UCSD Interns, residents, 
nurses and lab t chni ians for help . 

l.ombined Advantages 
He hopes that the " ombin('d advantages" of working in medically 

stimulating areas and of being in the midst of Cesar Chavez's con-
troversial labor union will int r st p ople in applying for positions in 
the clinics. He met Wednesday and yesterday with administrators at 
the Medical School and at University Hospital. He said medical 

workers are n d d to create 'health teams,' a cone pt h says "has 
b en paid littl attpntlon In thi~ l'Ountrv b yond Irp s rVlce" Thp 
health team concept puts assIst personnel, sucn as nurs s, In posItIons 
of gr ater re ponslbility, carrying on routine fun tlons that , 
traditionally, are on duct d by eloctors. 

Casalinl said, "Th AMA (Am rican M d,cal As ociatlon) has donE' 
its best to keep most function In th hands of do tors, ostenSIbly 
because doctors giv b tter qualrty are 

"But the health team on ept frees do tor , often In hort supply, 
from routine procedures for which they aren't n essary, making them 
available for mor important work ." 

High Concentrations 
The UFW's clinics are 10 ated near the communltl s of Dekano, 

Fresno, Calexico, and Salenas, all areas with high concentrations of 
farm workers. 

Regent OK AnJicipated 
for Student Housing 

New BRG Am,endm.ent Drafted; Coop 
WOl,ld Appoint Members for Balance 

Th(' U Regents arp expe ted today to approve funding and 
duthori/(' UC D to take bids for th(' construction of an apartment 
(ompl x to b built ('a~t of I nterstatl' 5 adjae nt to the existing marri d 
student hOUSing. It is to be a $4 mIllion, 200 unit venture Th(' apart-
mpnts would inItIally h use 600 singl undergrads and 50 marri d 

~tud('nts In a S fI('S of two b('(lroom apartment 

A( (ord lng to (hdrll'~ POWN', (ampus areh,h; t, U('· l) plam to 
soil( It proposals for the dpartmt'nt~ from contrartor oJ ~oon aftN 
rPI·Wnt,' approval as posslbl(' . Th(' (,XI\tln~ r(,Sld n e halb ., . unabl(' to 
handle thl' dl'mand (r alNI by stud( nts wanting camous I 1 '"ng 

Immediate need 
"We have a ne~d to hous stud nt and that need wllllw at a p('ak In 

the fall of 75," Pow('r !>aid "WI.' need housing for n('xt J< ,>t('mbt'r and 
the only way Wp can hope to mpet that deadline IS to ~et und r way as 
oon as possIble" 

When the C'lemand for singl(' student hOUSIng IS ... led by budding 
dorms at Third and fourth ('ollege , th(' apartment unit will be usE'd 
by married stu~nts 

Ow,"" to thf' urllenty of tht, J'roblt'm, thf' turnk('y m(·thod, n('v('f 
III·forf' uSf'd on a U( (aml)US will bf> ('mploy('d Two nMlor adVclnlcl!«", 
I o,t dnd \pt'f·d, drt' th(' main r('ason .. for its USf' 

In a gatht'flng la~t nIght that 
sa w most of tht' tudent 

ooperatlv(,'~ fa lion 
represented, ,\ propos('d 
amendm('nt to thl' I on.,trtutlon of 
the 13ucig!'t Rp\Ollfl (' roup 
(BRG) allowing fOI both free 
el etlon '" thl' lolll'g(" dnd 
cls5ur('d rpprp\l'ntatlon of 
mrnorrty ~tud('nt\ \\ ,l' drtlftpd 

Th(' ml;('trn~: , WIllI It for th(· 
most Pdft prOl (·('!It·d smoothly 
and produ( t IVI·ly, \\ ,,\ 1.111,'d by 
BRG (OOrnrrMtor Rudy Luque 
follOWIng tl l"'tllt'd 1lH'('tlng 
Monday, at Whll h II propowd 
quota ~ystem for th(· BR was 
def{'at('d In an dtmospli{'«' of 
raCIal t('nslon 

Thl' m'w dml'ndnll'nt. cl~rt'l'd to 
by most of thl' ,tlldt·nt .. IlIt'\('nt, 
WIll tall for cl I OlllllllttPt' of C'1.:ht, 
WIth on!' nwmlwl ,I, 111, , ,lI h 

BRG coordinator Rudy Luqu· Ie nlerj' leve Lopez 
IbactgroundJ, and Marco Li M,,,.dn [nght at la t mghl' 
meeJin;! 
(ollegE;> • thl \prrn..:, ami lhr' 
memb f\ Ie ted by th (oop "to 

~nsur a noneil (rrmlna tory 
s xual. ra ,al and ('thnlC" btllan e" 
on the RRG 

The HRC (oorcilnatN would be 
th I~hth ml'ml)('r 

It wa a 'fl'l'd that rf th 
propo al pa f'~ III th(· oop 
mef'tln I Moncl.1Y th' four 
orIginal BR ,n1l'ml>l'(\, ( hmen by 
the loll('~('\ .It tilt' IlI'~lnnln~ of 

the 'V ' 4, \'o,jl onllIlue throu·h 
th pring 11('( tlom would b 
held Imm d'dtf'1 WIthin the 

oop to (hoCJ" I h(' thr e 
balan In f m mb('r~ 

Although th rf' vas som 
(onflret , hoth owr wh('lhE'r to 
heW two or thr(>(' balan In' 
m mb('r\ clnd OVf'f whpthPr thr 
w uld ht' 'UItH 1C'lll , the' clraftlnJ: 
group «'at h"d , 1M,,!! .Igff'('mf'nt 
over till' propoSt·d Itnlt'ndm,'nt 



It was mid Septembtar' and hot. School was about 
in its second or third week . Our living room was 
empty, yet croW(1Pd with boxes at the samt' limp 
I.~,~q because we had just movPd in and we wt>ren't quite 

settlPd yet. This was the fourth timt' we moved 
since my brother's enlistmt"nt and I remember 
thinking that this was another experience we could 
add to the list of those lived and shared without 
him. I also remember wondering how Mark would 
think about us moving in on the same street we had 
all lived on as little kids and a family only five years 
before. My mom was going to write and tell him the 
next day and I was thinking of sending him peanut 
butter fudge even though he told me it was always 
melted by the time he got it because of the heat 
and dampness of Vietnam . 

It was close to 5 o'clock . I remember the color of 
the sky as it was tuming a light grey. The rays of the 
sun were no longer strong enough to force their way 
throullh the haze. The front door was open and the 
breeze had to sift its way through the screen door 
before it reached the living room where my mom, 
my sister and I were sitting . 

Three knocks on the screen door echoed off the 
empty walls and into the living room . My mom got 
up to answer it thinking it was Erlene from across 
the street. Without warning my mom began to 
scream, "you're lying, you're lying" in a voice 
totally unfamiliar to either me or my sister. 
Together we ran to see what was happening. There 
my mother was, backing away ~rqm the door, 
wearing an almost malicious snarl as if she were 
about to spit on the Army officer if he had been 
within range. It was frightening, it was real. I was a 
witness. I saw, but vaguely understood what was 
happening. 

My mother's screaming continued to fill the 
room . In an effort to escape from it I turned my 
attention to the Army officer, hoping he could 
provide some help or unspoken advice. I remember 
asking him what was wrong even though I already 
knew. With a pain I could almost touch, he 
repeated the message in a low tone backed by my 
mother's cries . His eyes were moist, his lips giving 
way now and again to spasmatic quivers as if he 
were forcing himself not to cry. He was in uniform 
and had an image to uphold. 

This is what I think of most upon being reminded 
of my brother's death in Cambodia in 1%9. Yet, in 
the five years since then I've never been able to sort 
out my feelings . I am no closer to analyzing my 
feelings then than I am now, and I am increasingly 
clutching for a way to describe those memories 
which are fading away with time. While my 
remembrances of details and feelings are slipping 
away, current events continually remind me of the 

.... _____ ..... general horror, desperation, and questioning that 
overwhelmed my personality and thoughts five 

lest we forget 
thebuminll 
bombing 

exploding 
in Vietnamese 
faces, . 
financed by 

.......... - who. now 

from the jungles 
marshes rice 
paddif'S, 
feed instead the 
Cincinnati-made 
bullet 
machlnp 
Vietnamese aim 
at their brothers, 
who, 
,hot in the heart, 
\011 apse Into the 
earth, decaying 

years ago. 
W. Brown 

.* * * November 15 five years ago I was in the military 
and had been back from Viet Nam for 13 months. 
Against the advice of 'my immediate superiors. I 
was marching in San Francisco with over 100,000 
others to protest the war . 

Around me were such groups as t~ F.T.A., Gay 
Lib, Black Panthers Vietnam Veterans Against the 
War, and various religious contingents-all united in 
their opposition to the war. But the largest numbers 
there were students, chanting, march ing, con-
cerned students. I was curious that these 
predominantly white. middle-class young people, 
parent-supported beneficiaries of the GNP, could 
really care about the war, starvation and the im-
perialism inflicted upon "backward " Asians. My 
first impression was that the righteous fear of ri ce 
paddies and mutilation and the draft were their 
major motivations. Long talks with many of them 
convinced me that a self-acquired moral awareness-
was the impetus for their actions. This was my first 
exposure to the sixties phenomenon of "student 
activism" and I was definitely impressed . 

Now, five years have passed and my initial en-
thUSiasm has painfully given way to disgust and 
diSillusionment Third World people continue to be 
murdered daily With munitions, guns and bombs 
bought with our own taxes, but on Us. campuses 
the skate boards roll on . The UC Regents openly 
support South Africa apartheid, and the days of surf 
and sun remain undisturbed by student reaction . 
Asian children are still burned and mutilated by our 
best-known exports, but just recentlv a student 
informed me that the Viet Nam War is over. 

A new image arises-the placid, well-fed student 
of the seventies . The causes remain, but the 
strength and wtil dre gone. 

Was the fearless spirit of the sixties inspired only 
by fear of the draft or are the present students so 
completely futuristic hybrids that no love, empathy 
or anger remains in their mass-produced, plastic 
souls. 

Mike Robertson, Veterans Coalition 

triton 
times 

MMcoim A. Smltlt. Edlto, 
Edword E. $1_ •. Mon~"" Editor 
Jolt" H. TorkH, CItV Edlfo, 
Jo#tI Mooth. c.pv Editor Milt. Robln.on. 8 ... 1n ... ~_ 
Lo"., 0..:110'. Art. Editor 

Popular art often reflects, or even anticipates, an 
era's political mood. So it was in the Sixties, when 
many artists expressed their outrage with the 
atrocity of Vietnam and American political policy. 
As public awareness grf'W, indifference gave way to 
involvement, and a counter-culture be"an to 
emergE' This movement found its broad-bast"d 
creative vent through pop radio. The voice of rock 
anJ fOil said time was right for freedom; though 
many had hardly accepted the easy Beatie 
revolution when the West coast street celebration 
began, its repudiation of outmoded values and 
proof that a viable alternative lifestyle was 
momentarily possible paved the way for the anti-
war movement. During this period, no band better 
represented the mandate of the counter-culture 
than the Jefferson Airplane. Their development 
through the years has continued to mirror and 
anticipate the state of the Movement. 

The Airplane stormed into pop prominence in 
1967 with "Somebody to love," an aggreSSively 
sinister love cry, and "White Rabbit," in praise of 
the illusory . Drugs became a force on the charts, 
and flower power became a national, instead of 
strictly San Francisco, phenomenon. Rumor 
became reality . Their lyriCS, revealed in two album 
releases of 1967, penetrated unrecognized levels of 
consciousness; their sound, soaring behind the 
ethereal twisting of Gracie's voice, was definitively 
spacey. _ 

Crown of Cre~tion , released in the aftermath of 
the '68 Democratic National Convention, where the 
effectiveness of the New left was revealed, was a 
look into the world of the bizarre previously 
inaccessible to the pop music audience . Tri~d 
suggested the possibilities of new sexual awareness, 
while L~ther was a paean to our infantile ec-
centricities . The title song hinted at human 
greatness to be freed by turning on and standing up. 

The Airplane's sixth album Volunteers, was the 
climax of their radical militancy.- "Amerika's 
c razies"- were out on the streets shortly before and 
after it's release in November 1969. the time of the 
Vietnam moratoriums. Volunteers contained the 
street soldiers' fight song ("up against the wall 
motherfucker/ tear down the wall"); "We Can be 
Together" was a tribute to the brotherhood of the 

alternative communitv, a statement of faith and a 
drawing of lines. 

The Moratorium was, perhaps, the Movement's 
finest hour, its last peaceful show of solidarity and 
intent. Shortly after this period, the Airplane, and 
the Movement, began to fragment, the band to 
pursue its particular musical interests, the 
Movement into the urban ideological units which 
characterized the ea rly 70's . Although one of th~ 
more powerful recording groups, with their own 
label and complete artistic freedom, the Airplane 
found itself drifting. 

Spring 1970 witnessed the invasion of Cambodia 
and the Kent State killings. Bitterness and cynicism 
were rampant throughout the Movement; various 
fractions embraced terrorism or put on their 
trucking shoes and headed for the mountains. The 
Airplane's 1970 album was a testimony to schism 
a, d poor communication musically, yet a 
manifestation of some very far-out social concepts. 
Its theme was anarchy ("it's a fresh wind that blows 
against the empire"), takeover, escape to new 
worlds. I t reflected the desperate sense of 
disillusionment in a Movement which saw itself 
being sold as beads, bells, and peace sybols in 
department stores around the nation, and hyped to 
embarrassment by its own leaders during the 
Chicago Seven trial. Vet there was consolation in 
the Airplane's advice to look to your own. They had 
their troubles, but they were a family, and willing to 
pass through troubles for the right to grow in peace. 
They sang for children (It's none of the govern-
ment's business who comes to or from my body"), 
and were publicly explicit in their political 
denouncements ("Hey, Dick," they sneered, 
"whatever you think of us is totally irrelevant") .. 

By fall 71, when B~rk was released. the 

Movement' had been coopted beyond recoKrliticln 
BarIl reflected the dream of transformation and 
synthesis-the miracle eXpected by a movement 
which had become so large and effectively 
smothered that only cosmic transmogrification 
could save its ideals . 'When the Earth Moves 
Again .... reflects the Movement's inevitable sen-
timent for preordination . As artists, if was clear in 
such songs as .. lawman .... with its theme of com-
promise and reconciliation. that the Plane was still 
growing. 

By 1972 it was obvious that the Federal iovern-
ment was in control of the anti-war movement and 
had diverted it to its own political ends. The 
Movement, in a popular sense, evaporated. The 
Airplane, meanwhile. was vacillating. releasing 
albums of old material and rehashed ideas. 

Now. following a lengthy period of reevaluation, 
the Jefferson Airplane has released a new album. 
Dra,onfty, and the original Plane members. Marty 
Balin, Jorma, Jack. are there. The album is a 
cohesive, mature recapitulation of the vitality and 
resonance of the sixties. It is, above all. a m.ture 
work by a major pop group. And we, too, five years 
after the moratorium. are looking back for truths to 
take us. through the seventies. From Draaonfly: 
"Been SO long since' I belonged here/ever since 
lost my way .... Many of us did, but the work goes on, 
and the soldiers are coming back . 

by M. Madrone 

* * * The Indochina war and the rights and interests of 
the Indochinese remain a major concern for many. 
While the media and politicians avoid the issue, the 
members of the Indochina Peach Campaign, (IPC) 
continue to view the war as ongoing, supported by 
the United States. 

The Indochina Peach Campaign, a nationwide 
organization headquartered in Santa Monica, is 
committed to stopping American involvement in 
Indochina and supports efforts for "peace and self-
determination." Their goal is !'to generate public 
pressure on' key issues . These include im-
plementation of the 1913 Paris Agreement, which is 
skirted by the U.S. government in its support of 
repressive regimes such as Thieu's. IPC also ad-
vocates freedom for political prisoners . They are 
working towards re-personalizing the Vietnamese, 
who are portrayed amorphously and inhumanely.by 
the Pentagon and the press. IPC also supports 
anmnesty for those who resisted American policy . 

Pressure, points out the IPC, may be brought a 
number of ways. They encourage letters and 
telegrams to ongressmen on Issud pertaining to 
Indochina and foreign aid . Community activism, 
use of the mE'dia, public exhibits and vigils are used 
to stimulate concern . 

IPC serves as an advocacy and legal aid group for 
Vietnamese in the U S. and abroad. They are 
currently helping six South Vietnamese students 
who defied authorities and participated in anti-war 
activities while attending US . universities . These 
students now face deportation and probable 
persecution by South Vietnamese authorities . 
Leading anti-war figures defending the students and 
working with 'rc include leonard Weinglass, Jane 
Fonda, Dan :el Ellsberg and Tom Hayden. 

Various lion-partisan groups support the facts on 
which IPC issues are based . For instance, 
Washington's Institute for Policy Studies, in a 
report on the possibility of Overseas Private In-
vestment Corporation (OPIC) guarantee private 
investment in South Vietnam , stated that "OPIC 
can not rebuild Indochina, since the war continues 
to rage ." After ci ting the rising rate of wounded, 
killed and displaced, the report continues " In-
ciochina is easily the most volatile, least stable, 
most high-risk area in the world for American in-
vestment. The report concluded that encourging 
such investment is clear violation of the E'X-
pectation of U.S. involvement, yet the OPIC was 
given thp gbvcrnmf'nt go-ahead . 

Indochina Focal Poinl, the IPC's monthly 
npwsletter, publishes articles by American dnd 
South Vit'tnam('sp writf'rs LOncprning defoliation, 
political prISoners. dnmf'sty, thp roll' of Vietnam('se 
women, medicine ann U.S (orporate intf'r('~ts In 
Southeast Asia 

l or information on thf' San Diego IPC chaptN, 
(ontact ShE'r1 Whit head at 222-7486. 

Marie Woebler 

The disillusionment of the t"stablishmt'nt policy 
makers over Vietnam policy goes no deeper anci no 
further than the ost disadvantages they see in the 
war . 

Vietnam IS no simple aberration, but rather the 
natural outgrowth of a system that seeks to lock the 
Third World into a permanent state of indentured 
servitudp -R~mp~rts, Dec . 1969. 

KI", 1foIHtt_. s"o". Etlifor 
.10"" Sno __ • IqeMe EdItor 

~ O. Soro, ANN. CItr HIffIn 
K""~ eo-..... taI f 

The Triton n- ......... .......,. 
W .. .-." ..... "*' _ 8ft ......., 
..... "1 •• 11 .t ... 1It "_ •• .." 
........... h tile UCID C._ Tefl StIenY, ~ro EfIIfw v.-n. 0 __ 

I»wJdc...Mh, 
Marlr WoH6Iw. 

F,." ",.,I.'elt,. A .. ,. .".," ••• 

----
CU" •• HoI"".r E~""'" DI,..,., 

IfIUnIoo .... heN. for ... ....... 
.1Iono ___ , ......... 81111_ 

..... --. 

Car 1530. 
Although it has be ., 'e 

c ustornary to visit kjlt h.- and 
Anne and Jennifer for root beer 
floats (made with Fresca) after 
the former two attend their 
Wednesday Freud lecture, as Ed 

and~ left it was not without !lui I •. 
We had. after all, stayed until 
1:30 in the morning, discUSfl(JJ.! 
the squeeze technique. Mkkey 
Mouse. and the State of the 
World, oblivious to the fact that 
our hosts WE::e hovering on the 
edae of T otctl Collapse. 

~ Join. H. r.,Jor 
In addition. on the way horne we were speaking in a derogatory 

manner about someone neither of us liked. In retrospect then, we were 
wide open to judaement for these and other unperceived sins 
of men, but I would hope that the fiaures of authority sent to torment 
us would be slightly more impressive than two dumL sheriffs deputies. 

They had us as soon as we pulled onto 101, with Ed at·the wheel of 
the bill machine and me at the navigational computer •• calling out 
LoordinAtes at his demand. I had noted that we we~ proceeding rather 

An 
... of 

occasio"al Police Blotter Crime on 
sMrvey . ... 

If you w~nt to ' h~ve your 
Mickey Mouse w~tch ~round for 
~while, mAke ture you keep it 
on your wrilt. The r~tI made 

~way with two w~tches thit Pilst 
week. In ~ddition. the weekly 
c~lcu!.tor w~llwiped. Thil one, 

1~lt Iftn Iyina on ~ bed in Tiop 
H~". W~I valued ~t leYer~1 
hundred dolla,.. 

C~lin, the bicycle racks. six 
bicycles. three chained ~nd 
three unp,otected. were 
removed from campus. Ac-
cordinl to UCSO police, the 
thup ~re cuttinl the chained 

bicycles. Bicycle theft is 
reportedly on the incre~se ~nd 
owners ~re ~dvised to reailter 
their bikes. By doing 50, the 
umpus police un e.sily 
rtColnize th~t ~ slr~nler is 
ridinl your 10-speed Enllish 
ruer bec~use of the X179 
to1tooed on it. 

In ~nother campus incident, ~ 
m~n wu discovered sieepina in 
his car in the Balic Science 
Buildina parkinl lot. Upon 
check in, hi. credentials 
(sleepi.. in one'. car il 01 
viol~tion of the law in 

Campus 
Californio1l the officers found 
that he was a check-bouncer 
from Color~do . 

Finally, the umpus police 
hAve 01 peeve which Ihey wish to 
e'press. It seems tho1t you've 
been playing with the phones in 
the elentors. The signs on the 
phones, I w~s informed at the 
precinct. specifiully slo1tt 
"EMERGENCY ONLY." Judginll 
from this article. it should be 
obvious tho1t they're too busy to 
be burdened by I~g ulls so the 
word is hoi ncb off. However, if 
you do ho1Ye ~ problem, don't 

hetit~te to ull 4S2-HELP. 

Dorm Rates to Increase Next Year 
slowly, that is, at the s!lt'ed Iim'it:·th.Lough the treacherous 30 mph 
stretch in Del M.. Ed noticed what he tiw.uah might be the fuzz 
followina us just below Solana 8@ach, and herite- carried on ~'th all 
oroper and due care (I must note that Ed drives to the 'I~side of the 
lane-a political !luilt reaction) . When he increased his speed to 4S 
above loma Santa Fe. they pulled us OV~ and flashed the br~hts on: Continued from Pale 1 . 

We were about to become statistics. " the increased debt service is 
about 51000, according to Vacation Village had not been a 
Barrett. success last summer, dorm rates 

First of all. you had " . notice this guy's flashlight. It was at least six spread across the board to all on-
feet long, made of I a'l II · He uSf~ it to ascertain our ages. by shining nmpus housing rates . Faced w.th the increased 'would be t117 higher this year operational costs fer the food Cost cutting measures the foon 

service and housing, Barrett's service is employing Inclun~' 
office has launched a multi- E'ncouraging labOr -~ avlnl! 
pronged effort to keep ex- methods among I'mployE'('s and 
penditures down and raise ad- reducing free SE'rvilE'S such a, 
ditional funds. supplying labor for l at(,rln~ 

it in our faces and IIJUIllIl I~ lines as our foreheads wrinkled in fear . The debt service on Third 
He then got Ed out of the car and began to put him through the College is unusually high since 

paces. Now I knew that he had consumed nothing but root beer floats inflation has driven current in-
(made with Fresca) and coffee during the evening. In addition, he w.as terest rates to around 8 percent as 
obviouslV not twisted with drunkenness-eyes clear, breath unsullied, compared to the 4 and 5 percent 
gait as normal as it ever is. Finally. as far as my untrained eye could loans Muir and Revelle were built 
ascertain, he had done nothina wrona. on. 

The vague and ominous spector of Police Harassment, with images If the debt service were not 

The most successful program Frills, such as ice ueam social, 
was the Vacation Village held and wheatberry bread, have been 
over the summer in the Muir halls cut from the cafeteria and snack 
and apartments. Families rented bar menus, and portion-control is 
the units and ate in the cafeteria . being increasingly harped on to 

of broken heads, garbled speech and a life df painful micteration distributed to all residents the 
clouded my normaUy precise and sharp mind. . debt service payment for 'each' 

Ed was first asked to recite the alphabet, which he did with ex- Third College resident would be 
ceptional ease. According to Barrett if th~ . cafeteria employees. , l 

" Vou missed one," said the officer with the rectangular mustache. 
"No I didn't," replied Ed . 
Play it , Ed, I thought . 
M('anwhile, rectangular mustache's partner, apparently The Rookie. 

was struggling with Ed's wallet, trying to get the driver's license out. Ed 
reports that he WE'nt swimming with his wallet once, causing 
('v Ny thing to stick together mo~t tubbornly The Rookie pushed, 
nulled. tuggf'd, and grunted. I was sure he was going to take The 
rlashlight to It. yif'ldlng a liLense and a hredded mass of leathel: but he 
finally just copipd [d's acidres~ through the plastic . I wa happy to see 
that th('y tpach Moderation at deputy school 

Wh('n he took my address too, I remembered having read in some 
fuuy left-wi ng paper that one dOE'sn 't declare one's rights, nor ask for 
badge numbers and names, if onp wants to keep free. I therefore 
suppressed my youthful impetuosity. 

Ed conti nued with his appointpd tasks. which onsisted of holding 
his foot up and touching various of the fingers 0:1 hiS right hand to hiS 
thumb, proving that Revelle works. 

Although it is never pleasant, when one i tired. to be stopped in the 
middle of the night by two hostile and unpjea,dnt men one doesn 't 
know and made to perform unnecessary and demeaning tasks, [d did 
not show any sj.gnificant amount of impatience. • 

It therefore surprISed me when the first officer said, "Hey, YOli don't 
like this, buddy?" Ed did not reply, because the officer did not wait 
before adding. "Because if you do. forget it, 'cause I'm trying to de Ide 
whether I oughta take you to jail for driving unner the influencp .. 

Ed, su Itably stunnE'd, preceeded to act no differently than he had 
before, ~In e increaseci su llennes was appar ntly not called for, and 
Since, becau t" he was not particlilary gladdened by the proceedings, 
he wa~ not about to bE'come deferential. 

[eI 's required acrobatics werE' accompanied by vario'.ts questions as 
to where we lived, where we were coming from, and wheth r or not we 
had graduated flOm high school Then someon ca lled them Oil their 
littl e radio and told them it lar was 'stopped ' somewhere . They left 
ImmediatE'ly, no longer particularly interested in Ed's moral reform 

WI' drov home with the care that befitted our shattered freedom 
and pride And. from this moment on , we will watch for the officers In 
Cdr 1530 They play tht> game. 

~§~~~~~~~~~ 
£RRIS'l'MAS ~HARTERS 

EUROPE: 8395.00 
NEW YORK: 8~19.00 

(Spaee Stili Available) 
20 cbys 

111214 
Dec. 14Los AngeleslP~ris TlA DC-8 

I~n. 2 P~risl Los Angeles TlA DC-8 

f 
111213 
Dec. 13 LOIAn,eles/New Vork TlA DC-8 
I~n. 2 New Vork/LosAngeles TIA DC-8 

, 

Fou" .tudent ~nd University 
travel needs contad:' 
Student Services West 452-G63O 
UCSD International Center 
1 ..... to 3:lOpm Mon, Wed. Frl only 

Available only to UCSD Ituclen .. , f~culty, 
shiH and their IlIHMdIate families 

~~~~~~, 

nikon presents 

IMPRESSIONS 
OF SPAIN & PORTUGAL 

Montezuma Hall 
at Cal State San Diego 

November 21, 1974 7: 00 pm Adm .: $1 _00 
Presented by: Journalism Department 

Sponsored by the EduCJliol'l.l1 Service of Nikon, Inc. 

iCPb U.C.S.D. CAMPUS BOARD 
PRESENTS FOR NOVEMBER 

Eugene O'Neill Center's 
NATIONAL THEATRE 

OF THE DEAF 
Monday, Nov, 18 

8:00 pm 
U.C.S.D. Gymnasium 

Pre t"ntlng ·PrlSCllid . Prlnct"s of Power" 
ba ed on d \tory by ew Yorker cartoonist 
Ja mes tl'venson . and "The Dybbuk' a 
daZllmg adapt at Ion of a claSSIC JeWish folk 
tale beset With devils and demons . 
"T hest" e~n'l\t'nt actor\ tou hed by · the 
anl,;!'1 of \lll'n(t" bring u a fre~h un-
derstanding of thE' Inesilmable value of 
words " IIClorno 

Admission $2.00, 3.00 

THE 
BLACKEARTH 
PERCUSSION 

U.C.S.D. Revelle C.Jleleria 
" reveCils a good potenlial of e_panding con-
ciou ne . More power to it! Word - perhap 

saying nothing" 
-Harry Patch , compo cr. 

Saturday Nov. 16 
8:30 pHt 
$1.50 2.50 

Noon - 4:30 
Tuesd.,. 

throullh Frid.ly. 

Tickets available: Informt1ltion : 
U.C.S.D. STUDENT CENTER BOX OFFICE 452-4092 

P ... e 3 Triton Times NO'llembtr 15, 1974 



o 

c 
e 
r 

t 
by Larry Decltel 

N 
o 
t 
e 
s 

After last weekend's incredible 
barrage of concert activities, 
these have slowed down to the 
usual San Diego pace. Some 
exciting concert activity manages 
to fi Iter into San Diego none the 
less . 

position for percussion" as one of 
its main objectives . 

was recently nominated as Top 
Male Vocalist by the Country 
Music Association . Anne Murray 
is best-known for hit singles " You 
Won't See Me" and "Snowbird ." 

Also in town tomorrow flight, 
at the Sports Arena, concert and 
recording artist Mac Davis, along 
with vocalist Anne Murray. Davis Tuesdays Ballroom, at Front 

and C Street in San Diego presses 
on . This weekend, Tonight and 
Tomorrow, they ' re presenting 
Journey, compromised of Neal 
Schon, Greg Rollie and other 
former members of the original 
Santana. With them will be San 
Francisco's original Moby Grilpe. 
And for soul buffs, this week San 
Diego sees the appearance of the 
legendary Stevie Wonder (pic-
tu red below cen ter) with 
Wonderlove at the San Diego 
Sports Arena . Little needs be said 
about this fine musician/-
composer/performer. 

Tomorrow night, in the Revelle 
Cafeteria, the Blackearth Per-
cussion Group (pictured above) 
performs at 8 :30 p .m . The 
quartet, Carry Kvistad, Richard 
Kvistad, Allen OUe, and Michael 
Udow, is the only full-time 
profeSSional percussion group in 
the country. Along with the 
numerous compositions written 
for them, the repetoire of 
Blackearth includes the work of 
Albright, Bertoncini, Brun, Cage, 
Harrison, Johnston, Rzewski, and 
compositions by members of the 
group. Their goal is "an ad-
vancement in the art of com-

Artist 
ConsuIta 

KFMB Presents 
Mac Davis 

with Special Guest Star 
ANNE MURRAY 

SAT., NOV, 16. 8:00 PM 
San Diego Sports Arena 

Tickets: $6.50, $5.50, 54.50 
Tickets on sale Arena Box Office, . Bill Gamble's 
Men's Stores, all Arena agencies 

Showtime is 8 :30 p .m . on 
Thursday, Nov 21. 

IMPI",,.. 
AamES'ttn 

.. .,. .. 

COMMUNITY 
8l00DBANIC 

327 F. Slreet 

'AYSDONORS 
.rsenke 

Mon.-Sat. 
1:45-5:30 
CIoIedSun. 
233-6481 

You don't blow an ~aordinary idea 
on an ordinary shoe. 

I 
I 

By now you ' re probably 
aw 1 that Hoots are nUl 
likf ther kinds of footwear 
Th -? heel is lower to give 
YOIl the natural kind of 
wa k you'd get by going 
bal elout in sand. The arch 
is SIJ pported . so I f you 
spend much time on your 
feet you ' lI now spend it in 
much greater comfort The. 
rocker sole helps spnng 
you off on each footstep . 
so walking becomes a little 

less work than it ever was 
beforp. 
But a big part of Roots 
success lies in not how 

NA 11 JI{AI I( X lIWl AI{ • 
10909 Kinross Ave. 
Westwood Village 

(213) 478·0101 
1218 Prospect St. 

La Jolla, Calif. 
{7 141459·3611 

rage 4 Triton Times November 15, 1974 

they' re made. but how 
well . Only the finest grade 
Canadian hides are 
selected. These are hand-
crafted into Roots. simply 
because, for much of our 
production. the most 
efficient machine is still the 
human hand. 
This is why, of all the 
reasons we could give you 
for trying Roots. none 
would fit quite so well as the 
shoe itself. 

Books: Battle Bean Joni Moodv 
The Milia.., Beanfiflcl War _,I,at'p a chain of reactions resulting in a long over due social and political 
by John Nicholl reness in the people of Milagro. With fall having fallen rather 
Holt, Rinehart, Winston rhe book's delight is principally derived from characters funny and real, a nicely upon us all, and this last 
$1.95 ' breezy and light . These people are not figures in a log of sociological week being smack full of carmel 

"For three hundredlears, in one way or another, they've been but illustrate a humanness able to evoke compassion, laughter and colored sunshine days, and nights 
to drive people out 0 th~ valley. But .somehO!" some of them .. ~"L"tr"'o .. simult.:neously. · so clear and crisp it seems 
hanging on. And they can t sell ~ome sItes up 10 the canyon or But their problems are real too. Americans have miserably abused possible to see every star and 
k· d th d d h f a whole bunch of angry people galaxy, you may find it hard to sit sIers or expan e u e ranc I . ." Inorities during the course of the country's short history. The Milagro 

walking down here with loaded guns lookmg hostile. eventual unified support for Montregon's beanfield project is sym- still long enough to study or 
attend that long lecture that falls ic, as they understand it, of the communities fight against the immediate in the middle of a perfect af-

John Nichols' The MilallO Beanfield War is a brilliant, controlled work U." .,n'~, land developers, but is also symbolic of the struggle necessary to 
fiction depicting a mom!!nt in the history of Milagro citizens, Norhern hieve better education, medical care, adequate housing, jobs, and the right ternoon . 

I . . f th f ' t t ' t k B' B Well, it's comfortll1g to know Mexico; a poor rura mll10rltyattemptlllg or e Irs Ime 0 eep Ig USI represent themselves when their welfare is at stake. 
interests and land developers from destroying their community . that the arts events around our 

In a larger sense, then, Nichols' The MililglO 8eantieJd is a message to all fair city this week are as delicious 
Traditionally apathetic concerning their plight as the 1Il0rities to band together in the eHort to win social and economic equality as the days and nigh ts have been 

underdogs, the citizens are tumbled awake by the actions ?f in the American grain . And, through the 'exuberar:t characterization of a You may even have the chance to 
controllable and very tough Joe Montregon, who decides one fine of people a majority of American'S barely know or understand, the enjoy excellent art and mUSIC 
sick of seeing his family's beanfield bone dry and covered with trash . I assists in the real ization that we are all linked together. as human beings, whi Ie still enjoying the rays . 
diverting water from the county's main irrigation ditch, Montregon's ng to exist in our often humerous, Violent, crazy and ignoble ways . So, let's see what there is to 

1 ___________________________ _.-------------------------___ , offer , You might be interested in 
attending the First Annual Art 
Colony Flea Market art show this 
Sunday at India St in San Diego 
The Artists Co-operative Gallery 
(which is presently exhibiting oils 
and collage by Walter Wojtyla), 
The Sunbow Gallery (a lovely 
array of stained glass and 
watercolor), Secret Jewels 
(Amulets, Talismans, and Classic 
Erotica), the Jolin and Young 
Callery, and the Triad Gallery, 
will be sponsoring this all day 
affair displaying their art while 
allowing local talent to set up 
booths and sell or trade their 
wares . For your listening pleasure 
wandering minstrels and hot jazz 
will be provided . 

In Gallery 8, at the In-

Aart-Vark 
by Elizabeth Chimenr 

ternational Center on Matthews 
Campus beginning this weekend 
will be an interesting show en-
titled Afri can Patterns . Textiles, 
jewelry, calabashes, and beads 
will be on display. Gallery hours 
are Nov. 16 & 17, 10-4. 

Through De·c. 15 at the Fine 
Arts Gallery in Balboa Park is a 
new exhibit of Pioneer Prlnt-
makers . Experimental media has 
included printing on the surface 
of water electrolytically, deep 
embossing from cast bronze 
plates and vacuum qepositlon 
prints of gas onto glass and steel 
through milled aluminum masks. 
The Gallery is open to the public 
free of charge Tues-Sat, 10-5, Sun 
12:30-5 . 

Another on-campus art exhibit 
is on display at the Mandeville 
Center Art Gallery . Paintings, 
sculpture, and photographiL 
documentation by B. Smith will 
be on view through Dec. 4 Hours 
are Sun-Fri, 12-5 

For theater-goers, you need go 
no further than the UCSD 
THEATER tonight Opening IS 
"The Country Wife, " a restoration 
comPdy about London oClety In 
the 17th century. En Christmas 
will direct the two-act play which 
will be presented tonight through 
the 17th, and Nov. 20-24. Per-
formances begin at 8, and ad-
mission is $1 ,50 for students, 
$3 .00 for general public Looks 

like thiS "( 'pkt'nd ', .llrl'<lciy ~old 
ou~though 

" AnCient MusIC ," the ROSIE' 
Driffield play will be premlE'red 
by Theatre RE'search and 
Development, Inc, In the Crystal 
Palace Theater, MISSion BE'at h 
Showtlme IS 8 30 P m FrI , Sat . 
and Sun through Jan . 5 

For those of you who Wish to bE' 
(>ntE'rtalllE'd whilE' soakll1g up tht, 
sun, Indian Maglque, tht' tn'p 
street theatre troupe will pprfofm 
Saturday and Sunday from 1 until 
dusk, In Balboa Park 's foro 
GardE'ns 

Opera lovers take notE' Thp 
incomparable Joan SuthE'riand 
will make her San Diego debut 111 
the title role of Donlzettl s 
masterpiece, " LUCia dl Lam-
mermoor," Dec 4 at 8 111 the Ci\1( 
Theater. The opera wil l also bf' 
presented Friday, Dec 6 at 8, and 
Sunday, Dec 8 at 2:30 Tickets arp 
available at the Arts and LecturE'~ 
office, Student Center 

A couple of freebies to sum 
thlllgs up, ew York avante-gard 
poet Carol Berge will read 
selections of her work at 4, 
Wednesday, Nov 20 111 the Formal 
Lounge of Revelle Campus And 
the classi c children's fil m , 
"Circus" will be shown Nov 24 111 
the Museum AuditorIUm , 
Sherwood Hall. 

That ought to tingle your 
aesthetic taste buds a little . EnlOY 
yourselves, yes? 

Records: 

WAITRESS IN A DONlJT SHOP - Maria Muldaur . 
Warner Bros . Records . 

A refreshing cross of bi. band vocalist and 
country stylist, Maria (Midnight at the Oasis) 
Muldaur's second album is a pleasant listening 
experience putting her sleezy voice to best use. 

Musi Notes 
STREETLIGHT SEIUNI .. Billy Joel. Columbiil 
Records 

After the success of ," Billy Joel's first 
album, his second awaited to either 
reaffirm, or deny ial of this keyboard 
balladeer. As it turns light Serenade does 

Larry Deckel 

As this album stands, Joel really hasn't mastered 
the big rroduction numbeL and stands best on the 
simpler tunes, showing himself oH best when 
singing with a vitality rather than from the gut . 
While the album will never be a classic "Streetlight 
Serenade" luckily has enough strong tunes to keep 
those Billy Joel fans happy while waiting for that 
big breakthrough . Maybe next time . 

. Bonnie&CIyde 
would love us. 

neither . With some impressive sidemen lending mar-
velous instrumental backups (including Paul 
'Butterfield, Harmonica; Paul Humphrey and Jim 
Gordon, Drums; Harry "sweets" Edison and Snooky 
Young, Trumpet; Doc & Merle Watson , Guitars, to 
name a few) which changes from track to track to 
suit the style of the song, strong arrangements put 
Maria Muldaur in a very favor ,ble light. 

It leaves you h the borderline, as the 
material on the al~~g,es from weak and ... *.* 
disappointing, to ation . The reason GREATEST HITS - Elton John. MeA Records 
seems to lie in a musical identity Speaking of the devil , Elton John has at last come 

out with a greatest hits LP, which means all of you 
who like Elton John, but discovered it too late to 
have acquired each of his albums, now can pickup 
on the anthology of most all the songs which made 
you like him in the first place. 

on the part of Billy is, vocally and 
occasionally styI' the untrained ear, he 
can sound a hell Elton John . And that's 

While the country and folk tunes don't come oH 
too well under the Vl'ICe, the big band 
arrangements seem very comfortable turf to 
Muldaur, who sounds as if she's been singing from 
atop a piano for ages . Best tunes are all arranged 
and conducted by Benny Carter, and lyrically allow 
Maria to let the nasal quality of her voice bring an 
almost licentious quality to "Squeeze Me," 
" Sweetheart," and (gulp) " It's not the Meat, It's the 
Motion ." 

a pretty heavy playi ng under. The 
album reeks of an loel to be his own 

While the first side of the album has its lapses, 
the last three tunes on side two (aforementioned 
"Meat/Motion," a fine arrangement of Allen 
Toussaint's "Brickyard Blues," and an acappela 
quartet "Travellin ' Shoes") are so good that this 
album continues to stick in my mind as one worth 
another play. 

man . 
As it turns out, 

Serenader is a . 

seems to OISiapp'ed' , 
appear, 
tertainer" (no 
spirited obvious 
incorporating syn 
On the Scott Jopl in 
Bear Rag" wh ich 
nicely, With a rag 
rags latply 10 " iv('d 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

l'S1't:~S N~koN S ~orol S J"Sl'£Ars 
COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS," KONlCA CAMERAS _"'.".I1'J_ 
LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING . 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES' SERVICE 'TRADES' REP 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAV.S CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

4 ... 73 •• 

ing cut Streetlight 
, a slow "sensitive" 
a strange nasal vQcal 

elements of his voice . 
however, the facade 

really fine moments 
opener "The En-

Scott Joplin), a high 
"Piano Man," nicely. 
a strong zesty vocal. 
Iy, there is the "Root 

Joel's piano work 
in ter~st i ng thdn the 

Containing all the big hit singles except "Tiny 
Dance," and "Levon, " and current smash "The 
Bitch is Back," the album serves as an interesting 
way to study the progression of Elton's work . t-or my 
money, I miss the likes of "Your Song," and 
tastefully included "Border Song," which seems to 
represent more substantial work than the likes of 
"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" and " Bennie and the 
Jets," but this collection certainly allows y~u to 
decide what it is you like about Elton John . 

On the other hand, if you don't like Elton John, 
you'll certainly have no use at all for this interesting 
retrospective into hit-making. 

r ... ... .... .......... .... ... .... , Notice 
t t Page One 
t t Qnd the 
t A.C.L.U. t 
t Police Practices Committee f 

now provides 0 t ,t Police Proctices Center 
t in PQge 0 ne offices f 
t Lower muir Commons, t Qdjocent to T.V. lounge 
t for further informotion, t 
t contQct us x2167 t 
t.. Another CQmpus Service of Poge 1 ..J ............................... 

Occasionally Bonnie and Clyde had 
large sums of money on. hand. But 
did they ever think of saving it at a 
bank? Not on their lives. Too bad 
they weren't eligible to be ~embers 
of University and State Employees 
Credit Union. Not only do the earn-
ings on U.S.E. savings reach for the 
sky (higher than any bank or sav-
ings and loan passbook account), 

but they're insured just as safe ... to 
twenty grand per account by the 
National Credit Union Administra-
tion. Now that's safe. 
So, if you're concerned about mak-
ing loot while you're saving it ... go 
to your bank or savings and loan for 
a large withdrawal. Then make your 
getaway to U.S.E. Just make sure 
it's your own money. 

[![]~~ 
CREO,NION 

IIIivAl'dtv and State Employees 
:::;"'--"'"Tl Credit Union 

OfWCDlE90 

MEMBER ACCOUNTS 
INSURED TO $20,000 

Call or visit one of 
your convenient offices: 

5555 Mildred si., San Diego 
PI' . 217-113' 
519~ College Ave .• Sal~ Diego 

Ph.2~2tO 
UCSD CAMPUS. Lyman Ave. at 

Miramar Rd., La Jolla Ph. 453-"20 

Pale 5 Trhon Times NovflIIber 15, 1974 



Isla Lesbosl White Islond Sisterhood Song 
A whiu ~ p~/IIr,.. Ihlr, sh. 144y IiII 
SIOUJ sp,.,,,,,, "cht ji/llIIg InS ey,s 10 tllbkl whil4 
Orblllilrl, obSIrrl&*"gll., .r.IIWIS Ihlll lfIIIy HfI. dripp,dllJrollgh 
Ih, 7.4t! -lids 
She-sru;il"g,,,10 th. fIII&& •• ", tIbIIIIIIIoII.d o/lIhtIospheres Ihlll lift 

1 vfsglEe Titan missiles 
ulI.,i"g lhe lllll-heln1ul-",;"d 10 tU~iJe if 1M botly is IIIII,;,g 
Ihrollgh SPIlC' 

Or lhe s9 ~ flight 
The,-, she /1liiy Illy, IIss II mll/h's mlllilh mtl&h 
So Ih, stllr-sighl-li,hl Sp'"I . slllri,,¥ 
1,,10 ,tI&h Ih, ol_'s 8M ",ia-jJllII tIU. ", II. ,"",i"g ollr 
ow. s.cr,'s 

[Au lhe /My-SM 110 StrIi/e] 
Moo" ",OfI."",,'s, WIIII.S II". so.gs 
To sistlrs k bloolll a. wlJiu IJou 1II"h 
B.II",.I ",oo"s "d, 10 glow 
Ord.rly PIl SI lI.d . pl.".t r.d flow 

- S",*, "" IM/y-su 110 
No s •• slr.d so"s ' •• r I1IoOll-h,,,,,,s Sll., 
No . osci//lllillg Shrill. - """ "0 grotll tIIIISi& shiNs 
The ~ ~ II1IIhr 1M pnis-piss jM/ow ttlish 0/ tWlSlllr 
M,I,,"1.. ... __ .II-",tIII Iuui/ Ih~ tlisso/H i./() ·",o •• s 

liN blootl tIre"c' til. tIirt 
Shi"i", "ot I.",i.II,, · hI.i,s 
CO",.IIWII, II •• show-sh,lJow 

Thil ""h-s" is .tIIIborud SIlIljly'S hIIJo· ."tIer .dipsi"g """' .. " 
Bill lbe "'*reI is 1101 Mrs . 10 fHIIr aIW"'" 01 gods 0", 116" old IIIId IIirgi,, -I1II1I,I,ss "ippl, 
L."gles~ cold sO"f . 10 .o-ellr.d cO"'Pllllio"s 
R,pr.ss,o" depress,o"s 0" a wise slti" 

Latly-she, kuly-she 
she-144y-she 

II is lhe 
A."d dries 

",00" Ihlll sell-swe.p-washes 
Ih,,,, olll IIgai" 

III"ds 0/ me" 

A slow wi,,1t In a beaded dealh masl 

Mary Warner 

Confessions of a Couponphiliac 
No longer do Inept chl'ckers bother me I can 

5tand In line for hours without the I!lst amounx of 
peevance seeping in Annoyance with "due ill two 
week" stickers is just a thing of the past. I now scoff 
at$20 price tags for three pages of PHD's ramblings 

IJ'~ psychological analysis has convinced me that 
I am ;>1~dl y In lovl' with the UniverSi ty Book Store. 
At last, ,.~ave found a purpose tn life 

The yed~ was 7 4. A bitterly cold year, one 
Without warm:f. I desparingly took my last $500 bill 
out of my wall!'t and with 10 card in hand trudged 
d£,jettedly over to those ('erie yellow doors. I gave a 
(he>PrY wince to the guard as the turnstile hit me 
you know-whf"r(' and then was thrust safe ly into the 
bowels of (apitalism. Row upon row of man's 
thoughts tared out at me as I girl~erly picked my 
way through the weeping throngs. A fleeting glance 
proclu(Pcl the outlin of the precious novel sori:- Iy 
neNi!'d for my psychology of psycholog:&ts class. A 
b nd-reach-Ipap motion pia ed me tend dy in line, 
whC'ft', unrollmg my sleeping bag, I sett l d .down, 
hoping to finish the book before I would ha'/e to 
buy It I aintly, as the fog rose ov r the horiwn, I 
~l'ns('(1 tPH> tlnklln/.: o f bells and flashing of si lvlOr-
platl'cI .llloy. My vi/.:i lance was over ; the queue was 
hl'hmcl mI'. the hour of bankruptcy had (orne . I 
hUrrll·dly rut down my d!'poslt, filled out the forms, 
fondl('d the' HI!'glble receipt, Inadvertently bag/.:ed 
an I'nv('lope filled with " Her" coupons, and raced 
out the> door, clutching the "gem of higher 

I 

knowl dg!" to my bosom With my right hanel, and 
b('atlng off ('nvious ~tu(h' nts with my left. 
[xhaustl'dly, I e7,tered Illy room, bre>athlng a Sigh of 
relief so vigorou~ as to shake my roo~,at l' off her 
boyfri end. 

Later on, I came across th e envelope. Noting the 
difference in sex between myself and it , I 
vehemently tore into the task, looking for 
something to do . 50 million and one coupons came 
pouring out onto my desk, tempting me with guys 
hawking unusable produus. For a time, I was 
seriouslY 'considering investing in depil atories at ten 
cents off, but discretion was the better part of a 
dollar. It was then that sheer JIOredom enclosed its 
sleazy little arms around me, so I took to reading 
the coupons and memorizing the fine print. 

S~?dently, dollar signs d~n ct>d before my eyes, 
vIs ions of mansIOns and SWISS bank accounts f litted 
through my brain, and, in a fit of re l igious en-
deavour, an "Oh my God" es aped from my lips. 
With unbelieVing eyes, I read ancl reread that 
timeless parable, "Cash va lue is 1/ 20 of on!' cent ." 
The motion pent up in me over flowed into ec-
stasy. The bookstore and I achieved oneness our 
goals overlapping into infinitv! ' 

Needless to say . I am no longer a univl'rsity 
~tudent. l awn the world's ('ntir£' ~upp l y of His and 
Her envelopes, whi( h dol'S haw th(' advantage; o f 
making mp the world'~ <;('(ond rI(h('st man 

******************************* ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH · 
LIBRARY 

.: Friday Night Flicks Nov. 15th: 
* * : Sometimes A Great Notion : 
* * * with Henry Fonda * 
: and USB 2722 : 
: '75 c Paul Newman (7:30 & 1 0:00) : i Saturday Night Films iNov. 16th: 
: J .. n Cocteau's : 

*
* Orpheus (7:~0 & 11:00) : 
* Marcel Camu~' * 
: BlIck Orpheus (9:10) : 
* USB 2722 t1.00 * 
******************************. 

PolK" (, Triton Tim('~ NflV('mll('r l 'i 1" - " 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-to-date, 
176·page, mall order catalog 
of 5~OO topics . Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Ou, ma le" ." . '. sold lor 

' .... rch PU'POWS only 

/ 

Creativity 
Page 

A new semi-weekly feature 
Submit your poems, short stories 
satires, sketches, slanders and 
suicide notes to 

Mark McMarty, Editor 
1 17 Blake Han 

OtIc. -po. a Rn.U. ne"u.g, 
As I shltlietl, ".lUIs NtIfIi1Ig, 
CII"" lhe so."" 0/ '.IiIII:1 br#I1II";"g 
j_slo.'siJe "" ~ tIoor. 

T~ &/I"" II ""'gh (0· tort.,.,t! so •• ". 
A"d ,'','' II Ih •• p .POll lhe gro ••. 
[ . 'I"id/, pede" 0.' "" lIrD.iid, 
A"d SIlW II /.1Jor 0" the floor. 
"M, GotI, wlJtJt·s tlJis?" 1 criIIt! i" shod. 8., Ih", ",y "".". ,., .p II INod. 
My worlll, 1 fIJO.JtIiI'1 III, hi. rod, 
A"d so J lriedlo cms. lhe tIoor. 

B., as I mfIIie to sh., lhe cltlsp, 
He c/.tJr,d his Ihrolill wilh gNti1Ig rtlS,. 
Q.olhe the Crllfl"" "WIJtJt. bor.! 00 
" Whal's IHI,o. sllitJ?" wilh grelll SllrpriS'. 
Wilh ope"ed ",Ollth a,,,1 witk"ed .,es 
AI hut [ ca",e 10 realize 
He ",ea"t Ihe school which [ adore. 
" You mean Revelle, you mangy cur? 
How dare you cast out such a slur!" 
He seemed to insults quite innured; 
Again he. quothed. "What a bore! " 

"For study hard tiliiale at n~' ht , 
You never dance, you never Ight , 
Into your life there falls no ight; 
You have your books and nothing more. 

" Your life is j ust a constant gruel. " 
And then, becoming really cruel, 
He sneered, "Make love to your slide rule!" 
And as he spoke, 1 wept and swore. 

"It's true!" cn'ed 1, in gn'ef and shame. 
"And yet, I'm really not to blame. 
And, tell the truth, weren 't you the same? 00 
He sighed, and said, " You 've hit the core) 
.. Yes, I was once the same as you. 
Revelle, you beast, 1 was so true! 
But crushed beneath the work accrued, 
The Prof's heels ground me to the /loor. 

"[ committed the fa tal sin -
Not being bnght enough to win. 
My G.P.A. has done me in! 
This sytem now I do abhor. ,. 

And as he slunk away in pain. 
His words rang 'in my ears again; 
Those bitter chords of harsh refrain , 
The Craven 's song: "Oh. what a bore!" 

My peace of Tflind? Gone with no trace. 
I have no star, 1 have no brace. 
Am I enamored of this place? 
A quoth th e Crave n, 

"Nevermore! .. 
Waller "Macho " Milly 

1222 Prospecl Slref'1 

454-8806 

D"d, S, udent. 
Our DELI WITH lEW ISH 5Ol;l I,as a 1 } P<ltll' 

, nlt'nu ~redl 10 prdl lou' \pt't'd readln", 
The SandWic hes you wun I IOlgl'!- .. " .. n ,I I 

, wan' !O IKnon' Ihe pr"po!>l\ Ion I'ndlng. b ul 
I ,",on" tl<' ab'" 10 I Kno'" THE MAlliN'S unlQ .... ' 

" " laUfanl w,lh a wholp ne w "'Ijoo" ,,",,· on t" .. onR 
pl('d~Urp\ 

WI! 1""'''1t 110m II In I"" morn unto I 10 011 n ,lf' 
II" 0\ .... , n 101 12 '" '0 1 

~.Iom . 
P"yllh & ~M 

NEW WORLD EDUC~TlONAL 
TRIPS: ' SOUTH AMERICA 2-4 
Month experiences LOW-
COST. Brochure, write: PO 
BOX 2131, s.lin., utif. 9]901 

lost and found 
FOUND: ~ .. "-"loll PIIyU 
Book. Wed In I .. PIck up .t TT. 111/., 

LOST - 12 Nov. tuaen llIl .. WIlt - 7 
wO_ Dld'.m North .. welle ...... Jilt -
• ." 111/111 

LOST: 1 1 _ __.o�� .. bill .. wilt. 
n«*book, T-. --.. In fmt. of 
........ Student ...... " ,_nd ........ 
.. L.8urte zn._ 1111111 

WI" the 1101 who lett.., bikini In m., _ 
on Nov. 12 I.., blrthdII., ........ call __ 
7140. 1111111 

Found: ...... redor hound. .... • 
collw eo ItIo _ .. out theN 
"'_w ...... We cen't ,,_It. eo P .... 
cal ___ to ..... m. 1111111 -

WEl'SUIT RIPPER - ............ m m., 
I~." loneIohn .t ...... NEEDV 
SUMr from M_ 111/ •• 
LOST: Orlen ....... ,... ............... 
reCUm ID to Totton n_ 1111 •• 

LOST: SofIIIecIl booII. .... hyIhmIc .nd 
T_I Pot,..".. .............. m to TT 
offlce. or cell . -..... Nevtn 11".' 

LOST - Cute Fluffy '",.....,' 11~FrI D .. 
~r-M./ltlo .UI .. IWH....,.... III F. 
Coller. C.mI .. __ n. 111/ •• 

LOST: .,_n LewIa Jec:.... with .... -
clwd .. Ip on left .... c.lI Edmund . -
lit, 111/111 

To the ,..on with the _I., ec:qulrecl 
Alt. Romeo Mu, p ..... r .. um to TT 
office No 1' • . JIm D. 111111, 

FOUND - Student ID for Win'" Qtr -
U424CallO. Pick up In TT office 111/11, 

LOST: Smokoy Topa Rln. In IIOId 
.ottln.. Probobly ml.p/oced In 

~'. IDdt., 100m. CDntoct Judy 
WI,." 2~ 11rI11J 

ChNtop'- Schon - Vourw.I ... ·.ln the 
TT offlc • . 111/11' 

Abortion 
Altematives 

SAN DIEGO PRO-LIFE 

Call 
513-5433 

for 24 hr. counselina 

free speaketS 
also available 

"WOK or THE WEEK" 
Crystal Shrimp and Gai Pan 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

( UISINE 
oi-,.,,.: 
Mon -""" .. 10 

flrl-Sot .. " 

Beer and wine 
served 
10'~oo Discount with 
UCSD Student 10 

• 

.Coed Parings Set 
by Tom Wright 

The Coed 1M Football Playoffs are se t to begin t his Sunday. The 
winners of the No(?) Depression League, the Black's Beach Grabbers, 
will play Dickie's Punks at 11 a.m ., with the winner advancing to a 
semi-final game against What an Ice Chest on Thursdav at 3:30 p.m. 

Children's Theatre Auditions 
Ch ildren 's Theatre Players, 

rearouping after experiencing a 
number of city and countrywide 
successes as Potpourri, the Little 
Prince, and the Prince who 
Wouldn't Grow; have announced 
their plans for this coming winter 
produciton . 

Using group improvisation as a 
working premise, Children 'S 
Theatre will visualise various 
classical and contemporary prose 
and poetry. An emphasis on 
mime, movement, and song, will 
provide a dynamic stimulus for 
the children of San Die~o County 

. 

semees 
Wom_ ... Info III ........ p_nc., 
-. blt1h c-.,j, ebortl_, _neul 
care. ,.. OIImec __ 7It1 1111271 

lYPtlTS: 11M. Tenn _ U-, 
dl ... rt.tloM, .tc. Edltln,/RUSH 
JOI"X_a. AneII: ao.GD7 III ~,.. 
1P1",., 

T.,... P ...... I c. .................. . 
For CeIeIotuo HncI tz to: EReY s.mc... 
17 8oecI.... Ave.. No. . , Toronto, 
Onterlo. c. ..... INII. 

DATSUN STVDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
m ........ Ie oeH Mr . ......... 212-2111 
Ip1(t3' 
Ru"'n T .. II.letono with scientific 
treI .......... ulred. A .. o om. ........ _ 
F ..... nc •. Send _me to SCITRAN. 
80a ... Sente 8 ...... , C.llfomltl 
IZ1Ca Ip11l1l. 

T ....... L .. on.: 5t .... B ... tt tm.mber 
U5PTA., etudent r.t... 411-37511 
Ip11 /11, 

theater listing 

to enjoy and appreCiate the 
I iterature as text . 

Children's Theatre has also 
announced their need for in-
terested students or members of 
the university community to 
become a part of th is exci t ing 
produciton . Auditions are open 
and have been set for Sunday and 
Monday, November 17, and 18 at 
7:00 pm in quonset #321 M at-
thews Campus. Anyone interested 
regardless of previous exper ience 
is urged and welcome to come 
and audition . 

U",,"nned P ...... ncy1 Conflclontlel 
coune.lln, . 'r.. pre.n.nc., t •• t • . 
ebor1lon .. birth control naIat. 81rth 
Control lnatltute ~1 Ip11/11, 

Tvplet. F .. t. • c ... t. per P .... C.II 413-
t:m. 111 /11. 

travel 
CHARTER FLIOHTS TO EUROPE with 
C..,-Tou,. on P.n-Am. LA d_rtu .... 
RESERVAnONS: TOT .,.. Sk., Perte 
8M1. 310. IMM. Ca. 71 ..... 101I. INII. 

EUROPE- ISRAEL III ORIENT. L_ cOlt 
.CUclent fII,ht. .11 .,Mr round. A.I.S.T. 
1431 S. Le c..- ."'d. Loa A ........ 
all f714. ....... or 1213. 112-2727 
IPl1/m 

EUROPE -ISRAel-AFRICA Stud.nt 
fll,ht..11 veer round CONTACT: ISCA 
... Un/wraity Ave. ~11 Sen 01010, 
C.IIf. 12111 TEL 1714' 217-31110 12131 tra-
_1P11m. 

SSW T..., .. OffIce - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE & NY CMrt ... UCSD Int'I 
C.nter 412-0130 1~:30 M.W.F. ONLY 
Ip11/27. 

)111 U"'~''' .. Ave 
... , .... 

,.,., 

'1M' C I OQ\I Wlt '! l j 
",w 

.. "SKU , Al l IONU 

.~to«tlft ·' H(C'("'1 GAlsay' a .40 
MI....wMI~'C •• A • • r·. " lfOG l 

CINT\JaY lWlN ..... h& lI(';O" • ..,·d W 7.4lO 

CO ... I 

c . ~ liD 

nh (I"'I~A 

lAI"AlONlA 

§Ot."""I" 

'''''IotD 

AI (("""un 1 '1 
Spt<~llimi,ed (,.....--, . 

'( IV Of 1HI WllO' 
SOItlT ·NO ,,,-un 011: (OOPON5 

latoll"~' ~ j,'P"t 
Acini tl ~ (tuld II on 

Speot-,,,l l n .... ffIlMI · Nil ,,"~" 
urOI lUI wnO' 

,IWo Ylmt U,O. rA(' ." rl( 'ION' 

,.,. W ~OII .. lItOll( 
fIIMIlS""AL ~ 

«()~I '" \"tUM l ~ t; 

I [/oiNr IRVO \0111 HOOf UA_S' 
(n 1",,1""'1 _nf". Motdnn.' 

HARt'IO A MAllOt 
.... 

11l11ic..,,,., ,. 
r.l ·,Ii.1Il 

"OttlAd""" 
~AI~ 

"~I hi SI 
Inc,""'.' 
" \I"n 

"" II N'KUHII"Of DUDDV .. ,,\- If' 

11 J Auti. ~~"n .. hoi'" 
~\ ~ .. -,It 

(1Y0t (H rWltD 
~ttlfO 

Ck~ .... h"c" 

Also playing Sunday, at noon, are the Barl' Market Champs, thl' 
DragQns, who will play the Winner of the Smut vs . EI Chunko gam£' (to 
detprmlne the winner of the Once Alm ighty Dollar L('a~lI(,) ' Thl' 
winner advances to a Friday matchup against Ccntaet ({ ute> nam£' for il 
coed squad, Laur ie), the Stagflation League Champion ote Ml'n ', 
semifinals are scheduled to be played Wt!dn esday at 3.30 p m 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • : Jl0ttd8y J ~vcm b£r 17, al ' l/:OD p~ "- : 
: ThUE uJilt b~ ci nucli"j for I-~ : 
• • i r000d Co-O n i 
· ~. :.IIl -the .studod alliEr ('anftrElUc~ Koo.e.c - i i ~ yOlJ. ;ik€ fJJ Eat - and WdlC.i : 
: to help ou. i.. - 'BE THERE.! i 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Representative From 
University of Southern California 

to be on campus 
Tuesday, November 19 

Graduate study information - ilIll fields in Letters, 
Arts & Sciences, with special emphasis on Science 

Contact ureer Plannina & PI.lcement 
45]-2401 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PLU'" BIN(, CONTRACTORS 

... Le.verton - San Diego, Inc. 

R EIIIIODEL - NEW INSTALL.ATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO . 272-677 

566·4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

nikon presents 

IMPRESSIONS 1J11",I "AUt,, 1nn "''''!MAl Cl AO" , S' w (f~ 'MI I ..... CWO ..... 
V_a." -.... 

·~t~=.' .... ~ 
AIM> ........... k ........ 

...... ..... 

OF SPAIN & PORTUGAL 
Montezuml .. II 

.t CIII s .... SIn Diego 
November 21, 1174 7: 00 pm 

PMIM"" ..,: Joumtllim DIpIrtment 
Adm. : S1.W 

by the Edoc .. tiorwl Services of Nikon.lnc. 



----........ ---...... ---.. what's happening ••• , , , 4 
meetings 
CRUSADE _ .. Fri. 11/11 In 

Wlnl.' Commonl 7:00. Ev.ryon. 
weIooma 111/111 

Foil D.nc. CIub-11/11 at 1-11 p.m. In 
Rec. 0,111 Conf. Rm. 

Foil Danc. F....".I. 11/11.t1:.11 p.m. 
In Main Oym. 111/111 

MASH Executive board meetintl Frl 
Nov. 11. 7:. In Student Camar O.me 
Confwence Room. ANlnvttMI to .nand. 
111/111 

Im.rcol",lata Oolf talm will be holding 
their flm me.ttng for the year nut 
Friday. Novwnber •• at 4=- p.m. In the 
Phnlcal Education C....,oom. ...... 
be tt.. If you plan to panic"''' on the 
111m. 111/111 

notices 
FOURTH COLUOE ITUDENTS: If you 
.,. InIaI .. tad In perdclpattng on • 
commlttH for dl .. ltled Itud.n ... 
contact the Prov .. t Offlc.. Th. 
commlttaa Is ktantIfyI... _ye to aid 
phyaIcaIy limhad 8tUdanta .t UCSD. 
111/111 

VETERANS: Y.om.n Pe"onn.lm.n 
man. flnanc. or "'mln CIaft&I EARN 
•. 110 par Q" part tlma work ltudy V ... 
Coalition ltu. act. ,bid • . rm. 211. 1111111 

.. P ..... nota: L1nt1ulatlca 1B may be 
tak.n without 1A .. • PNCIulalta." 
111/111 

The Phv*a D .... rtIMIIt ... ......... 
for volunteer .. tori to ..... with the 
IIIclllntl of Nat lei 2ASP for wi..., 
Quartar. Stuclanta l....-....ct contact 
the Phyalca Dapartmant. MH 34311. Ext. 
3210. ImmedlatW\<. TutON will receive 
two unitt of c...... by enrolHn. In 
Phy.ic. 1.. 1111111 

If YOU would Nke to _ the PI 
daNrtmant ...... I prectlcal HIt· 

~ couneln the near tutu,.. coma 
alen the ....... on In ttMi Women'. 
C.nter. I111111 

R.pr ••• ntatl,," frolll DIVER.IFIED 
FINANCIAL SYITIM. ISan Diaeol to 
be on ClmlMll Mon. Nov. 11 In-
Ial oriaw'.... BAa In Econ_lea. _tad 
.odel .a- • humanitlaa for 
poeltl_ In _rhIaa. lnau,.nc.. real 
....... 111118) 

YALE ORADUATE SCHOOL TO lEND 
REPREIENTAnVE. COMedo ANeon of 
Y ... U~ wII be on CIInIIUI thIe 
friday. Nov. 11. In .,., to meat with 
atudenta. He .. IIPICIalty In ... ted In 
recrvltlne Chlcanot to Y.... Nov. 11. 
1174. I' day. J1J Q . Hu .. IMattNwi 
C.mlNl.1 ThIrd CoIIaea. T... Ex. 21 •. 
Sp_"'" by Chicano Stu ..... 11;/111 

TRW SYSTEMS .ROUP··lntarvlawln. 
Thur.dlY .nd Frld.y. Nov. 14·1 • . 
S""lne PhD .nd.S In Comput.r 
Sclenc... Elac:trlcal En.lneering for 
_rch .nd developm.nt poe/tlon •. 
ApPta. .nd Info It C._ Planning. 
111/111 

EpIac---, Utu,.. avery Sunday 12:11 
p.m .• t the U ...... Lu ..... n C .... rch 
_ La Jolla Shoral Drive. F.ther 
Joaaph Young will be c.lebratlng the 
Liturgy. 1111111 

AIR RESEARCH CORPORATION·· 
Interviewing Tu... Nov. 1'. R_rch 
.nd d.velopment In p_.r '"tam .. 
Electrical. Mechanical. to 1_ .... nt 
D .... n Engl""". App... for both 
organlz.tiona .t C.,.., Planning .... 
H&SS. 1111111 

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA··THE GRADUATE 
SCHOOL on campue Tu.... Nov. 1'. 
Would Ilk. to ... particularly with 
.tudanta whoM .Nduete In-.... lia 
In .,... of acl_. Appointment. .,. 
nee_ry··_ Ca,.., Plannlntl. ... 
H.SS for m_ Info. (11/111 

THE AFFIRMATIVE ACTION 
RECRUITMENT DIRECTORY Ia Inviting 
woman .nd paopIa of color potentially 
or ectuaNy IMkIne _pIoymant In 
hIe'- education I~ to apply 
for Inclualon. Daadlna Ia Dec. 2; forma 
.vailabia at CarHr Planning. ... 
H&88. (11/111 

Exparlanc. multi-media 
3 ac,..n • . 10 projectora. 
1.000 ........ Stareo .ound. 
A two-hour ah_ yOU won't forget. 
Two top .rtt.tic PhotoglllPhen. 
Their Imp,...loM of Europa. 
Nov. 21. 7 pm .• 1 .dmlllion. 
S .D.S.U. Socl.1 Sclenc. Bldg .. rm 1110. 
(p11 /201 

110 C .... CUnic • Mon.·Thu .. 2-1.7.10 
Frt. 2-1. Sun nItaa. Muir 211-2111. 111m; 

Dept. of Ec_mlea Samlnar. Fri .. Nov. 
11. 3:00 P.M. In the Conf_ Room. 
HIL U11-Prof. Mlch.el Sp.nce. 
"TaIaVI.lon Proe,.mmlng •• .n Ap-
plication of the Thaory of Product 
Selection Under Monopoilatic Com· 
petition" 111/111 

lectures 
SOCIOLOGY COLLOQUIUM: Profaaaor 
David Rlalman. H.rwrd UnIwraItv. 
Monday. Nov. 18. 4:00 p.m .. Room M02 
AP&M . "Th. Study of Hlgh.r 
Education. 111 1111 

Friday. November 11. 1174. 2:00 p.m.; 
Room 11M ..... c Scianc. Bulldlne. Dr. 
Jul-Shu.n Lee-VIaIti,.. Prot.8or UCSD 
Auocl.t. Prof ... or. D.pt. of 
Phyelology U nIvaNIty of MI_ota. 
Oluc_ Conc.nt,.tion.nd Hydroe .. tic 
P,...u,. In Lymph. (11/111 

Monday Nov. 1 • • Tha F,..Lanc. Writer 
In 1.: A Book Critic'. Foreceat." 7 
p.m. Arrantllm.n" by call1ntl M.ry 
M.rgaret Orlfflth. Monday .m.m-. 
Nov. 1 • . (11/111 

Frld.y. Nov.mb.r 1'. 3:00 p.m . 
Phlloaophy Department CollOQuium. 
Dr. Cherlaa M. You,... Department of 
Phllo.ophy. Clar.mont Qradu". 
School. " Pol.marchu. Ind 
Th,..ymec:hu." Def\JlltioM of Ju.tic. 
in Republic. Book .. " (11/111 

Tha Woman'. CaMar Ia IPOMOring car 
pooIa to the Oannalna 0,.., Iactu,. at 
UCI on let. Nov. 11th .t IPM. ,...,.. 
Madlng rtdel. ..... ...... t the 
C.nter .t 15 PM on thet day. Any_ 
who can .Ive paopIa rIdea. P .... alen 
up In the Camar bat.,. thet data. W. 
plan to buy tick ... It the d_· .. 1M 
with .tudent ID. 111/111 

Wonhlp Sarvlcae thII Sunday la •• t 
Un/varalty Lut'-an Church. I CathoIk:-
.... ' .m .• nd 1:00 p.m .. with Fathara 
Don_n .nd Campbell. Lut'-an-_ 
' .m.. with Paator Huber; .... caNIat 
M.rln Owen: film. "Tha C ... t who 
ChaneacL" 
Epllcop.'-12:. p.m .• with F.thlr 
YOUng. the _ EpIaoopeI chaplain. 
Theaa MrVIcaa _ opan to aN. 111/111 

dances 
D.nce of the yaar tonight .t the Rec 
gym! Hot band .nd aurf ",ovIaI on the 
_II. Don't .... It! 111/., 

. 

mUSIc 
Goapel Choir Conoart·CecII Lytta. J •. m. 
N_ Hope Frte ... "'" C'-ch. .. 
Harrison. San D ..... 111/111 

Nov. 11 • p.m. Revelia Cat .... Jan 
Concert UCSD J.n Enaamb .... (11/111 

Tltlnnanye off... the m.II_·y"'_ 
dulcimer .nd guitar IOUnIIe of K.thy Ind 
D.vld C_n. Nov. 11 ... 11 p.m. Free .t 
.. LaJoIla Blvd. (P111111 

I- • • . • • • • • • • • • • • • • . . • • • . . • ~ • • • ..!. ~ ~ ..!. ~ ~ .! .! _ . .! ~ ~ ~ • • ~ • .--: dvertisements for ourselves 
for sale 

H.ve HI.h-Quailty alampa for ..... 
Contact Doug. 412·1017 111/111 

Schwinn 10-Spaad Continental beauttful 
condition . • . 00 call.274-~ 111/111 

Sine" bad w / headbOird for .. Ia. t2II or 
b •• t d.a" Fran ... -7021. (11 / 111 

G4RAGE SALEI! Fum. clothn. & mite. 
Sat & Sun. 1-1 So. Clmt 2121 FalrfI .... · 
off Mlhon St. (11 / 111 

C.ber .kl boo ... • z IY, t30. 110 cm. 
y.mahl .kl. w/So.oman 404'. G . P 
.nd M .kl Boo ... sz 10% . MO. 715-1121. 
111/111 

7'4" Surfboard. It II In good condo .um 
w"" CIII 412-1731. C.rt.r. (1111111 
Glb.on EB·O ba •• guitar 4 yra. old • • ll. 
condition only 21. dollaral Call 713-tm 
.ttar' p.m. 111 / 111 

SKIIS-H ... I Comp. 200 cm & N.vld. 
Gran Prix Binding. Xlnt .100 413-2442 
John (11 / 111 

Brand N.w SKISI for III. KASTLE CPM 
Cobra •• 70 or b •• t off.r. Original .1110. I 
alto hlv. othar mod.. In FICHER. 
KASTLE ATOMICS It Gr •• t Prlc .. ~AII 
are F.ctory Gu.r.ntH for 1 yr. M.k. 
m. In off.r. S .. Dive R-10 Muir Apt. 
412-112&. (11 /221 

YlmlhllO Xlnt condo Run. v.ry w.lI. 
'1110. O.p.nd.bl • . lov.ble Charli. 481 · 
0211. (11 /161 

Beautiful Hlnd,CI",ed pictur. fram ••. 
All .iz ... R.a.onabl • . A.k for Gil • . 413-
6142 or 753-2137. {11 /221 

• t.r.o for III. dynaco/ .dv.nt MOO b •• t 
off.r mike 27O-G31 (11/201 

S~RFBOARD . 1 Foot H.n •• n Gun. 
Virtuilly N.w in parfect condition • • 120 
or b .. t off.r. 412-.1 (111111 
Sleeping b.g for III.. Prim. goOi. 
down . • 65. U •• d one.. ...·1IIt 
ev.ning. (11 / 111 • 

Lang. comp .kl boota xlnt, w.rl .110 
new make off.r. 711-G123. 111 /161 

Furnhura and verlou. hou •• hold itlm.: 
m ow. r. edg.r. dl.h ... lamp • . Bob 412· 
0733 111 1" 

For 5,1-: Hond. 110 70 mpg. mlkl off" 
Ken ,62·9819 11111151 

For Slle·AKC Y.llow Lab Pup •. 7 weak. 
283-71 1., Aft.r 4 p.",. 'If Waek: ~ 'lIfs 
{1111t1 

For I 1. · Rossignol St"to. . 125. 
Trau l p4ur boot. sizi I . .70 or be.t 
off" ""'Que hiking boot. size 7. 71'> 
. 20. Ice skat •• & rubb.r riding boot. 
liz. ( . $'115 I nd . 10. Wilson t.nnl. rlcket 
.16. All Ilk. n.w. 716-1183 A.k for 
Oenlt •• Ip11 / 11S1 

Gr .. n Schwinn 10 sp .. d. exl. condo 23 
Inch tao Mik. 462·8996 (11 / 151 
Glblon L.. P.ul cu. tom & flnd.r 
pr.cl.lon b.... B •• t off.r·mu.t 
aa«:rIfIca. .oth guitl" Ir. brend _ 
11f741. In mint condition. C.II 4I3-7Ul. 
(11 /111 

AKAI CR ., ... ht track play.r/ recorder. 
.xc.lI.nt c ond it ion plus 40 good 
recorded .lbum • . • 121 or b .. t off.,. Ph. 
274-~ lV.nlne • . 111 /1', 

For .... : 1_ Ford Cortlne GT a.ooo 
ml .... 4 .paaci. Runt .. c .... nt. " .00 
x3OI4 or 271-1. (11/111 . 

JORDON J110 .mp. 12" 'PHker. Nvarb. 
t,.m"o. be .. treb ..... C.II Pete .t 412-
.. (111111 

,.. VW CAMPER . • eat offer. Call MIKE 
.t'XlB or .., ....... (111111 

For Sa .. : VW SQ. Beck 71 .1.100 Honda 
710 BC 71 "'. both good condition. 
722-3773 (11/.1 

personals 
Av." A. Bull-P,.tty goodl 11'. _ IIIIP 
.nd I love It. Where w.,. YOU .lttIng7 
Where I,. yOU alttintl n_7 Lottglrnar J . 
Pinto. (111111 

Copilot: W.tch thet fOrwerd torpedo. 
W. gettlntl too c._ to the .ft tubel. 
Tha .... Capt Rlveralda. (111111 

H.y Flrt. H.".n·t I been nice to you? So 
where .,. the goodlal? Snort (11/1" 

Dear Humlnltl" Library· Donald'. b· 
day WI. y .. t.rd.y. you cen drop I 
brick on him now. (11/111 

SB I don't kn_ whit I. going on. But 
th.nk. for .v.rythlng. L.t·. .t.y 
frl.nds. (11/111 

To whom It m.y concern: Wha,. I. the 
womln of my dream. when I nHd her? 
Hurt mel Hurt m • • tool 1111111 

All of Argo'. e .teg •.• nd tha girt. In the 
.outh .Id • • merely p"y.,. .. The bird. In 
the trMs (11/111 

S.U. (S.S.I Thank. for the paraonal .nd 
Sat. Night (Sun. Morning). Onw.rd J .H . 
(111111 

SPAGHETTI GIRL: Thlnlea .galn. w.·11 
hev. to do \t .galn .om.tlm.. S&J. 
111/111 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY (mlnu. 21 Joe. 
you',. .tlil the aunahlne In my 11f • . PW. 
(111111 
Glad ir. not too lat. to put my .h_ln 
yOU trunk. Where i. It. Joe? 111 /111 

Glad you·r. not .1I.rglc to m. anymor • . 
JH. (11 /151 

With all the. e ads In the T.T .. JH mu.t 
be an extra l up.r .p.ci.1 guy. 11111151 

UHHH ... . CLEM·The Bozoette. 111 /151 

AG NOSTlC···1'1i pu t in 0 good wotd for 
yuu .. t'l 1st I'll try··· rooml.··(111161 
Dot. HapllY 18th B·O.y. K .. p On 
K .. pln· On. Lov. DISh. (11 / 111 

Shylock panny i •• p.nny c.nt i. I 
penny. UII .om. to buy e n.w Ilbum. 
(11 / 111 

Rand & P.ul: 13.1 mil .. i •• long WlY 
to go for dinn.rl Cong,.tI from thOi. 
who .tly.d .nd .uffered KM. AS & 
Fuzzy·Neck. (1111111 
Penguin: If yOU w.nt to find your WlY 
beck to Pooh Corner. you' lI have to find 
the Lady of Your H .. rt. Oood Luckl M. 
(11/161 

w. could r .. "" eat behind a littta OP 
IU.t to tlckl. him. Oh V .. hl HOlly & 
Totay (111151 

Dear Ch.m Tutor: You·v. mad. m •• n 
.xclted electron. KHP the " E" fI_lng. 
Kent would be proudl Plxla·. room.t. 
(11 /111 
Mint M.mma.: It'. Farew.1I to woz· 
World. So g.t beck to tha country 
That'. whe,. w. all com. from. Her· 
mOl 111/111 . 

BelllV' It or not: Lo lov.. La lov.. J 
lov .. 0 lov .. B lov .. Lol And I lov. you 
.111 A. (11/111 
To Chel"ng.r 400 .nd G.lathea 300: 
"Gotche Buddl"" (Mond.y nlghtll The 
" GI ••• om. Thre •• om." (11/1" 

Lilt.n to " Rootl of Cheng." with Linda 
.nd Berry .v.ry S.t. from 4:30 to 11:30 on 
KLRO IIFM 111 / 111 

Vlreln needed for IIcrlflcl.1 victim at 
Bacchenallan orgy 11/11. S .. AI V. ... 
or John 21111 (11 / 111 

To B.W.: Young offlc." under rigid 
commend IMtantty planned heroic 
efforta reeuitlng In .ecurlng Important 
n.v.1 .tatlon.. En.my coll.p •• 
ultlmet .. y _rded efforta. S .L 

Mo •• Toural7 Do you off.r .peclal rat .. 
for group'. ..nlor cltlz.nl .nd the 
mlll"ry7 ·T.F: (111111 
Rocky··your cov.r he. bHn bl_n. 
COMlder capltu .. tlon. It'. your only 
hope. Laf.y.tta 111 1111 

To Tony & Bob of the Dead End.·Happy 
B·dayl 'uv. the Hoapltallty Club. 111/111 

Lo .. of L .... Lov.; ClIO ·P10. (11/111 

Av ...... Chick. Lit No math rend 
•• under that which hath Ioined. R ... 
J .. 1y IOUnIIe batter then It look.. _I 
Fl.k Ac. 1111111 

Kim (400 Gell·You." really cut... tig.r 
foot'" .dml,.r. (11/111 

E·I .hould·v. w.k.n you to tell you • 
.neeret·1 did what w. couldn·ti I'm 
norm. I? M.chl nix. ·B (111111 

Loat-12· Nov. Kltt.n Bik & Wht·-7 wka. 
old 1 .m North Revell. Plaz. JIII-42-
11477 (11/111 

B.nd.nl Girt. what.ra you w.ltlng for? 
Your band.n. I. the k.y to the _ 
bendlnl k .. p.r. A trade .hell be mid •. 
wh.n lion. at the headb.nd hom • . 
(11 / 161 

Dance in Del Mer C ... In Sound/· 
mov.ment Tu ... W.d. Thura CIII Juli. 
766·2396 (11 / 161 

Hey Sport. a nd As .. mbly p.raon. 
klzoo pract ic.. FridlY. 7:00 P.M .. 
M.t.ro 310 111 /111 

O.D.B. 11'. only tha beginning ... your 
loving Cilifornia Girt (11/111 

BIG BRUTE BRUCE·I can't Ilv. without 
you. Won't you p'_ co",. tonlta? Q 
of M (11/111 

QUEEN OF M two w .. elot better then 
OM. w.·11 eat tottether tonlt. BBB 
(11/111 

SUE T .• Thenk you for the other nI.ht, 
but fifty dol"ra. I'm au,.. P.P. (11/111 

HAPPY ' ·DAY. BETH .eI,.. 1. mae,. 
ch·ch-chenvn. Hav. • good yr. K· 
4&ZIIIIIY. (1\1111 

V.I & J.ne: W .... I ...... that I ... t Ibout 
cov.r. the who.. g.mut of 
p-'blIltlaa. .. No7...you m_n thera·. 
m_1 KO • JZ 111/111 

Amoa. w. WIN Qulta the coupil. 
w.rn·t w.? You',. the w.rmaat chord I 
lV.r .... rd. Love. K.thy 111/111 

Spldara. Thank. for .n ImmamONbia. 
birthday. You',. .H · IO vary apacIaI. 
Your Sweat J.ne 1111111 

To Don In E14 nOlll: Welcom. beck my 
frl.nd1 to the .h_ thet never entia. 
W.·r •• 0 giad you could .ttend. but 
tum It d_n. tum It d_nlll lOr E ... I 
(11/111 
Anybody·w. w.nt your body. 
Som.body _ hou.ln, .d. (11/111 

T.II you onc'. won't t.1I you twlc •. 
you'd b.ner wi .. up J.net W ..... Tha 
tran.duc.r will •• duc. you. It ' . 
1I0m.thlng you· II gat u .. to. A m.ntal 
mlnd·fuck can be nlc • . Frank N Furtur. 
(11 / 111 

To Plulln the Triton Tim" offlc • . I've 
got my .Y. on you. P.ul. (11/111 

RICKY: Do you ,.m.mber m.? 'Illy 
.pln. nOld. .t,.lght.nlng. ooh-ooh. I 
kn_ where to find youooM.1 T.I t11/111 

Pradlcteblal H_ can w. hev. our 
- pallionat. vl.l.. If you .lwey. hive 

" company"? Deprtvacl (11/111 
COLLEGE FRESJtMEN n •• d.d for 
IIf_ver Ixparlm.nta. P..... apply 
within one y.r. Contect FUllml .t 
Stlt •. (111111 
Trtton Tim .. : Cut the c,.pll went thoM 
personala from B.rb In pronto You got 
thetl Rocky. 111/111 

That'. right, you',. lucky. ha·. lucky. 
.he·. lucky. I'm lucky. W.·,. .11 lucky. 
(11/111 

The B'. hive got It together. Strelllnd. 
Mld"r .• nd D.vI • . (11/111 

... but It'. the pelvic thrv.t that _rtv 
drlv.. you Inaa·.· •• M. lat'. do the 
tim. w.rp .galn. (11/111 

To C.B. & frl.nd.: Mo" hoi. toura 
wi. hOI to Invite you to • trip to the 
und.rground. S.t. 11:00 pm. M .. t .t 
Rocky'. PI.c • . (11/111 

Con •• ",. Energy: W.rm ' uP with • 
dl.tanc. runnerl (11/111 

Dr. Rodin: W •• re 2 wom.n In math 1A 
who .r. In lov. with your body. Writ. 
wh.r. to m .. t you In the left cornar of 
the chalkboard. O.rlvltlvely: S&K 
(11/1111 

Siothrop: Bat yOU n.ver did the 
K.noahe. Kid (11/111 

Hung.,lln Rh.p.ody (Wily Blot. 
Coyot.,: K.n.,., .. veJ? K.llloIlu.1 
111/111 

• 

housing 
Shin • QUilt houH In Cardiff with 2 or 
3 othera. Your _n room. EwrvthIne 
for '121. -'Z711 .ftar ' . 111/111 

Roomm... .......d .1OO/ mo totally 
fum. w .. h-dry. pool 1.t & Ia.t plu. 10 
doll.ra _OIIt, 111/111 

W. _nt you for • fourth In Ia,.... D., 
Mer dup.... 1. phi. utiHtiea for _n 
room. Nice. 4\1'1IIZ. (11/111 
Roomatl w.ntad. M. F. to live In 
beautiful 2 bel bth. unf. hou .. In M.B. 
w/w. w .. har. enol ..... patio. atoraee· 
Can __ 1. till noon. Rent ftHotIab ... 
(11/221 
2 Quilt f_ .... _emoll.,.. INking 
2 ~ In houH or ept. In D .. Mer for 
WInter CItr. __ h or ..... CaH Sua 
.... or Robyn 412 ... 1,. 1111111 

Sha ... QUiet houH In Cardlff·by·the-
...... Your _n room .... 121 Includea 
.verythlng .. . 713-2'711 .ft.r I p.m . 
(p11/111 

F rmta. for larea haa. In D.M. 2 "" • . 
open n_ . ... ". Call 151421. 
(1111111 

0 .. M.r dup'" % b. from bch-Z fem 
.tudenta by Jen. 1 . ..,/month. CaR .... 
1537 Ifter II. 111/111 

Two guya nHd M or F to aha,. J IR 
.howcall duplex In D.M. 1 b. from 
beech. 131/mo ....... or 412 .... 
111/111 

f.erna" rm.ta needed for D .. Mer atudlo 
beg 1211 . • 72 Inclu .... utilltlaa. Privacy. 
b.lcMront. furnl.h.d. Pl.... c.1I 
W.ndt JII.aJI. 111/111 

APT NEEDED near UCID for vIIItIntI 
adulta. 12/34-1I4412-C1Z'1' by S.t. (111111 
Oil M.r: your _n room In houH 
w/mualc glllduata atudent. Wood fIoorI. 
front Ind beck yard. _ Ith St. (11/111 

Large luxurl_ J br. 3 be. Con· 
dominium. FlNPiac .. larea patio. 2 car 
III ..... " . 412-21 • . ..a. 1111111 

For rent Four bedroom. MI,. M_. 
Fumllhad .. par month pIue utIIItIaa. 
No L_ requlrad. Includ.. u.. of 
awlmm.... Pool. theIIIpy pool .nd 
R.cr .. tlon are.. carport. Chlldr.n 
welcom .. A .. o aultabla for two couplaa 
to aha .. Nnt. T ..... hone Hu.h or Nikki 
Rigney .nytlme .t "". Avellabia 
Dec. 11t (P111111 

wanted 
Ride _nted to Scottadala. "Artz. •• ny 
tim. .fter Nov. 20th. H.lp 
w/llll/drlving. C.II M...... 272-11. 
(111111 

NOId rid. to MontlNy or S .F. during 
Nov. 1S-17. Sha,. l1li & •• p. 412· .... 
Eric (11/111 

Rid. naadad to lin F .. nclaco W ... · 
naeday 11/27. Will help with g .. Ind 
drlvlne. Phone D..... .t 7I1-1I2II. 
111/111 

W.nted Irlah UII"'n B ......... Will pay 
.ny r .. lon.bl. .mount. 411-..... 
(11/111 

IeII m. your Junk all .......... ___ 
1111111 

WANTED TO aUY: Wood dInatta with 
chaIra .... en ................ oIIIIr. 
Each about ... Cal .... __ 
111/111 

W.ntad: A 'chwlnn or Huffy S*",". 
.... 1 Cal Pater .t ...... I"" 

NEED EXTRA CMH7 ~ TOIl D",r 
for your U.S. SlIver CoIN M .............. 
1 • . Ken 412 .... Ip 1/11 

.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 


