
Bargaining: 'A Certainty' 
by Charles Heimler 

Within a year to 15 months, collective bargaining between UC 
faculty and administrators will be a certainty, according to UC Irvine 
history professor Spencer Olin. 

And Olin, who is president of the University Council of the American 
Federation of Teachers .(UC-AFT), foresees the next few months as 
crucial to determining which of four unions will be elected to represent 
faculty in those talks. 

The AFT, Faculty Association, American Association of University 
Professors (AAUP), and California State Employees (CSEA) are all 
interested in representing the faculty, and fear of a self-defeating, 
rivalrous fisht among the four may result in the appointment of a 
collec:ive agent representing all associations. 

The AFT is opposed to a 
common agent, according to Hl·tch "rakes 
Olin, believing instead that one ~ ~ 
organization WOllid be more 
effective in representing faculty's 7\.Tew Dost 
interest in salary and fringe 1 ~ ~ r I 
benefits negotiations. 

Olin's remarks were made to a 
gatherina last Friday in the 
Revelle I nformal lounge. About 
ten people attended, most of 
whom were not AFT members. 

Olin broadly outlined the 
reasons AFT feels it can best 
represent faculty if collective 
bargaining should take place. 
They are these three : 

the AFT's affiliation with the 
AFL-CIO gives it the political 
clout of a national organization . 
-it 's position that represen-

tation should be broadened to 
inelude librarians and lecturers 
would make for a more potent 
bargaining position . 

--- it's belief that students 
hould participate or at least 

observe the collective bargaining 
process would result in students 
favoring the faculty rather than 
the administration . 

Olin also termed the 
classification of department 
heads as management last year by 
UC administrators "as detracting 
from the spirit of co lleageality." 

UC President Charles j . Hitch, 
who last week announced his 
decision to retire from the 
University effective this june, has 
been elected President of 
Resources for the Future, Inc. for 
a five-year period beginning in 
july. 

The announcement was made 
in Washington by Gilbert- F 

White, Chairman of the Board of 
Resources for the Future. 

Resources for the Future, 
located in Washington, D.C., is a 
nonprofit corporation for 
research and education in the 
development, conservation, and 
use of natural resources . It 
contributes to informed decisions 
on resources and the' en-
vironment through objective 
presentation of the relevant facts 
to public policy makers, but does 
not itself advocate one alter-
native over another. Established 
in 1952 with the cooperation of 
the Ford Foundation, Resources 
for the Future has since been 
supported in large part by the 
Foundation . 

Cooperative Rejects Quotas 
For Budget Resources Group 

by Frank LaForge 
In a meeting Monday attended 

by 70 students, the Student 
Cooperative rejected an 
amendment to the constituted 
structure of the Budget Resources 
Group (BRG) that would have 
forced minority representation on 
that committee. 

Montgomery Reed 

In addition, the guidelines of 
the BRG, prepared by Revelle 
representative Kirk Robinson, 
were not approved of in one 
motion / but not rejected ina 
second motion. A Coop motion 
requires two-thirds approval to 
pass. ' 

However, a set of program 
budget allocations for a number 
of student organizations was 
approved with I ittle debate. 

Representative 
Considerable time was spent on 

the proposal to change the make-
up of the BRG . The proposal to 

change the structure, made by 
Montgomery Re d of the Radical 
Education Project was desi gned 
to make the group representative 
of the different minority groups 
on campus Under the proposal 
each student organization would 
have appointed one represen-
tative and one alternate. These 
representatives would in turn 
elect twenty voting members. Of 
these, 25 would have been 
minorities, ten from the different 
student groups, and five from the 
four college councils . One-half of 
the members would have been 
women . 

It was argued that if the 
proposal were passed, the BRG 
would be too clumsy and inef-
ficient. Another member argued 
that if the students voting to 
allocate funds were also applying 
for funds, there would be a 
confl ict of interest. 

The final vote on the proposal 
was 31 to 26 to defeat. 

funding of newsletters and. 
news journals fai led 

The last amendment, also 
presented by Reed, emphaSIZed 
that the guidelines are not ab-
solute, and that exceptions could 
be made That am endment 
passed. 

The vote to accept the 
guidelines was 36 for and 21 
against, less than the two thirds 
vote needed to pass them. The 
motion to reject the guidelines 
also failed, so the gUidelines are 
caught between a two-thirds vote 

An alternate set of gUidelines, 
to the effect that " The Budget 
Resource Group shall allocate 
funds arbitrarlly, as it sees fit /" 
also failed . 

An entire new set of guidelines 
will be presented at the next 
meeting. 

The meeting was chaired by 
Garret Geuner. 

Guidelines 

The next question was 
guidelines of the BRG . 

All other Items on the agenda 
were then tabled owing to the 

the late hour. They will be discussed 
An at the next meeting . These In-

Activities Today and Tomorrow 
The Student Center and the 

Campus Programing Board (CPB) 
are sponsoring a series of 
Wednesday afternoon activities 
on the lump of ground in front of 
the Student Center. 

In addition , Halloween ac-
tlvitie are planned for tomorrow. 

Today 
Beginning at noon today, 

anyone who wants to can use felt 
pens, watercolors and crayons to 
draw or write on the 1f.-mile · of 
blank, clear fi 1m that wi II be 
available . Dubbed an Animated 
Film Festival, the activity will 
hopefully produce something 
presentable by 3:00 p.m., when 

the film will be shown in the 
conference room of the Student 
Center. 

According to Linda Lawrence, 
of the Campus information 
center, the technique was 
'developed by Norman McLaren, a 
Canadian animator. 

Tomorrow, that is, Halloween , 
will see a series of rather 
traditional activities, beginning at 
noon. There will b a pumpkin 
carving contest, for which the 
prize will be two tickets for any of 
the Saturday or Friday night 
movies . Catagories will be Mo t 
Original, Funniest, and Scari st. 

In addition, CPB will spon or 

Threat Issued to Curb Waterfights 
In an apparent atlemptto avoid the recurrence of the annual 

Revelle waler balloon fight, which left one student injured /ast 
year, Revelle Residenl Dean Riel Bayer has issued a statement 
to all residents 0/ the ~ollege Ihreateni"f. ' 'appropriate 
disciplilfary actio" / for anyo"e i"volved i" dlsruPlio". 

I" a two-page ",e",ora"(JII,,, 10 slll"e",s, dale" yeslerday, 
Ba1er saidlhe Tn/on Ti",es had "callsed' / the walerfighl by 
publishi"g a satiric arlid_ i" Ihe isslle pllblished Ihe day before 
Hal/owen. 

Bayer IIIso saUl iff bis s,ateme""ha,lasl year's Hllliowee" 
dishlr .... ... jen II" "firsl 'A'Io UJiIIerfigbl '. " 

Ba~ .• e",lIe Reiille", Dea" 's offiee has aml"ged a 
fiI", ,-. ~ .",orrotu etlni"g 10 O&CIIP:Y shl*",s itt hopes 
of a ..... tio". ' 

He "., inelle H"" ""visors will be assig"lti 10 eolkcl 
anti s 0/ sl","",s ;"fIO/tleti i" ""y HIIIJowee" 
dislll .... tN. 

some sort of live music, and the 
Student Center will provide 
facilities for bobbing for apples . 
Candy will be given to anyone 
who shows up wearing a costume. 

Garret Geuner 

Finally, KSDT, the campus 
radio station, wi II present Orson 
Wells' "War of the Worlds" at 
9:00 p .m. 

amendment to allow the BRC to elude the Rotati ng chairperson 
provide for work study secretaries pOSition , and the committee co-
was pas ed 37 to 12. while ordlnators 

New Government at 4th 

Capturing Small College Atmosphere 
by Valerie Girard 

The now-organizing lourth College student 
governm nt eems to be trying to capture a small 
school atmo ph re, and there are several factors 
that may help them do so The new college ha only 
400 tudent , and their provost, Lea Rudee, comes 

COMMENTARY 
from a mall college at Rice University that has very 
strong student government. And the fact that the 
Fourth College Students arC scattered throughout 
y"riQ~s UCSD dorms hasn 't stopped. !hem from 
organizing a centralized student government 

Spreadinl Enthusiasm 
Upon arriving at UCSD, Rudee wa a little 

shocked at the lack of tudent government . Hi own 
ideas for organizing Fourth IOto a functioning 
college included the IOltiatlon of a tudent 
government which would have a deciSive vOice In 
the future planning of fourth ollege Rudee ha 
lost no time in spreading thiS enthusiasm 

Initial meetings, unPef the direction of Acting 

~ourth Dean jenny Murray were h Id to dl cuss the 
various form that the government could take It 
was dec ld d by both tudent and facult that 
b cause Fourth had so many need to be fulfilled 
Immediately, tudents would be aPPOinted to 
ommittee position In tead of elected tud nt 

then ubmltted appli atlon for the vanou 
committees and sel 'ctlons were made by the 
provo t office 

The students appointed to the e variou position 
have already begun m tlng arid functioning 
Because th y were not ,"Iected, the members stress 
to the rest of the stud nt body that meetings are 
open to all Fourth students. It I hoped that many 
tudents will attempt to participate 10 ome way 10 

the pianO! ng of Fourth ' future 

No con tltullon , as u h, ha been prt'pared 
In t ad , there will be committees and sub-
commltt that will make and vote on proposals, 
a well a handle tudent as oCiated affairS 

Continued on Pap 1 



in USSR : What Are the Issues? 
by Wesley Everest 

The Western press has been unrelentingly anti-
Soviet to the point of distortion since about 1917. It 
has been unrelentingly pro-Zionist since at least 
1960, also to the point of distortion .. One can 
imagine, then, how distorted are. the .vlews . that 
permeate our own society on the ISSue of Jews '" 
the USSR. Indeed, does the conventio~al wisdom 
even tell us what the issues are? Does It present a 
believeable facade? What in fact is the issue of the 
Jews in the USSR? 

reasons, why do those Soviet Jews who e~igrate 
usually choose to go to Israel? The answer IS that 
these Jews do not "choose" to emigrate to Israel, 
but merely to the West. If they were actually given 
a choice most would choose to go to the USA. To 
compete' with other Western countries, .Israel h~s 
been forced to establish special centers," Austria 
to convince these Soviet Jews to settle in Israel. In 
addition 'srael has provided recent Soviet Jewish 
emigres 'with tax breaks and special privileges in 
acquiring scarce appliances. With . the current 
economic problems in Israel, these priVileges have 
created hostility between established Israelis and 
the recent Soviet Jewish emigres. The non-
professional emigres in particular have not fared 
well, and many of them are attempting to return to 
the USSR. 

First of all , is there any government persecution 
of Jews in the USSR? The Soviet Union has true 
separation of church and state, so there are no 
"hidden" subsidies of organized religion, such as 
taxation benefits. Nevertheless, the USSR has over 
100 synagogues in Moscow, leningrad, Kiev, 
Vilnius, Riga, Kishniev, Tbilisi, Kutaisi, Tashkent, 
Odessa, and many other cities. The Moscow Central 
Synagogue bakes about 100 tons of matzoh an-
nually. Synagogues have their own facilities to 
slaughter poultry and have kosher butcher shops. 
(This, of course, is -not limited to Jews; other 
religious groups enjoy the same freedoms) . 

Letting these skilled workers and professionals 
leave raises problems in the USSR. The society as a 
whole must make sacrifice~ to educate or train 
these people, and it does so because it needs their 
skills. In return it expects of its citizens to do the 
jobs they are educated for . Why should it subsidize 
the USA or Israel by training professionals and 
skilled workers for these countries? Why should one 
person's desires to be "wealthy" take precedence 
over the needs of all of society? (There is the ad-
ditional question of whether the Soviet Union 
should allow itself to provide settlers for a state 
such as Israel whose recent existence is predicated 
on the usurpation of the land of the Palestinians. In 
as much as it is currently doing this, the Soviet 
Union merits harsh criticism. 

Letters to the Editor 
. 

In addition the USSR set up in 1934 the Jewish 
Autonomous'Region (JAR) near Vladivistok in 
Eastern Siberia. This was in keeping with t~e 
phiklsophy of the USSR to maintain distinct ethniC 
cultures. Most of the other cultures in the USSR 
have largely local rule in their own regions; the JAR 
was set up as such a cultural region for Je~s in the 
Soviet Union, if they chose to have such a life. Over 
15,000 Jews have gone there, and the CNP of th.e 
region has increased 52 fold. since 1934. T~e JAR IS 
slightly bigger than Belgium, has JeWish and 
Russian people's theatres, a Ylddl.sh !1ewsp~per, a 
Sholom Aleichem Library, Yiddish literary 
Evenings, and Yiddish broadcasts. Thus, not only 
are Jews not persecuted in the USSR, t~ey. even 
have, for the choosing, a "homeland" wlthm the 
USSR. 

~tudent-Faculty Ratios 

We see that the issue is : does the individual have 
the right in a socialist society to let society be 
damned to satisfy his own personal aggran-
dizement? Throughout history this has never been a 
right, but at best a privilege conferred by gover~­
ments· and then it has been dictated by economic consicie~ations ·and questions of labor supply. Right 
now in the USA, emigration is a "right" for those 
who can afford it, but immigration is not. We do 
not allow unrestricted immigration because It 
would lower the standard of living of those who live 
here· how then can we demand that the USSR, whi~h has labor shortages, allow unrestricted 
emigration? (Bear in mind that in days past, not 
only did that great moral country, the USA, allow 
unrestricted immigration to feed its labor needs, 
but it fQrcibly imported enslaved Africans.) 

Anyone who read the Triton 
Times October 18 article con-
cerning the proposed budget 
increase for the University of 
California next year must have 
rejoiced at the prospect of 
smaller classes at UCSO. Anyone 
who read that article must have 
also wondered about the veracity 
of the "student-faculty ratio" 
(hereafter SFR) figures bandied 
about by Bernard Sisco and Paul 
Saltman . 

Both administrators placed the 
SFR at about 19 t<> 1. This 19 to 1 
SFR figure most assuredly does 
not represent the SFR ex-
perienced by undergraduates at 
this school. A calculation of the 
SFR based on the average class 
size of the winter and spring 
courses listed in the current issue 
of CAPE yields the SFR at roughly 

51 to 1. Sisco's and Saltman's 
version of the SFR situation at 
UCSD is also rendered somewhat 
nonsensical by the suggestion 
that a reduction In the student-
faculty ratio from 18.39 to 18.25 
would make any discernable 
difference in the educational 
experience of undergraduates 
here. 

Of course it is only fair to point 
out that the students themselves 
are the real and final arbiters of 
class size. The very fact that Sara 
Lowen's article appeared in the 
Triton Times without arousing 
any apparent reaction among the 
students at Oblivion U probably 
foretells that John and Susit' 
Apathy will be attending very 
large classes in the forseeable 
future . 

AUSTIN GALLAHER 

There is still a puzzle here, however. Why do 
some Soviet Jews want to emigrate if there is. no 
persecution? What reasons might they have tM;sldes 
religion? Indeed religion is precisely not the Issue . 
Of those who w~nt to leave most are highly ski lle~ 
workers, farmers, or profeSSionals and . their 
fami lies. In the West, this group enjoys a priVileged 
position . A Jewish doctor in the US.SR who 
emigrates to the USA can aC~Ulre a. Cadillac, eat 
steak every night, have a maid, a big house, etc . 
Since the USSR does not believe privileged classes 
should exist the doctor in the USSR will . have to 
wait to im'prove his standard of living until 
everyone· in the USSR can do so . Furthermore, he 
will never be allowed to have wasteful luxuries and 
personal servants in a true socialist society. The 
Jews (and others) who want to leave, th~n, leave ~o 
enjoy the luxuries and privileges that their skills will 

And if these Soviet Jews (and others) want to 
leave the USSR in order to seek luxuries and 
privilege, to the detriment of the society of. t~e 
USSR are these reasons legitimate? In a SOCialist 
society these are not legitimate reasons. By its 
nature a socialist society requires the cooperation 
of all its people and the equal sacrifice (when 
sacrifices are necessary) of all its people. No group 
of people can be allowed to avoid these respon-
sibilities. 

Why No Hairdryers? 

bring in the West. . . 
The reader may ask : if then it is not for religiOUS 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examjned 
prescriptions fiUed 
contact lenses fitted 
repajrs 

hoursmon.-fri. 10:30 - 8:00 
SIll. 10·6 clOMd sundays 

JV1COIr'\n rts arena blvd. 

224-2974 

'ap 2 Triton Times ~ober 30,1974 

There are hair dryers in the 
women's locker room at the 
UCSD gym, but there are no hair 
dryers in the men's locker room . 

Is long hair considered " un-
manly" by the PE department? .Is 

care for appearance a " feminine" 
trait? 

Surely every member of the 
University community will 
protest this blatant example of 
sexist discrimination. 

JAMES CRAVENS 

triton 
times 

The Triton 11_ Ie .ffIeMI~ I'OCQnIzed ... 6tudotrl ....... ,.... br ".. Com· 
mllnlcoti_ BOIIIfI of Tho Unlv.,."., of c.IIfontM, II- DIorIo. ,..",.,.,.", ,. on 
MOMMY_, WHnN.,,_, ond FrltMy .. om-.,. In Room 117. ..... Noll. ,.,.,. 
C61mp.,.. Lotfwa to til. Edttw.,. ~ ond Mould be -.nod, .mI,.",." on ... 
__ lin • . Un"n«I Edltorlole "'_t tho __ o~ oPInIon of Tho Trtton 
TI_ Editorloilloonl. Fo,odttonlelnfl, p/oooo coN ..,..- 01 ..,~ FtH __ or 
F"" .. .,.I, p .... coN ~-JfIII. 

'PAUL WINTER" 
CONSORT 

Saturday Nov. 9 
8:00 pm 

U.CSD. Gymnasium 
Winter Consort offers a rich and awesomely 
musical experience. There are elements of 
rock, .jazz and classical music but like a 
Iong-simmered stew with many spices, the 
flavors have become 50 intertwine(! that 
they are impossible to isolate. 

$2.50 3.50 

.. 

RESEARCH 
CANADA'S LARGEST SERVICE 

12.76 per pqI 
Send now for latest catalog. En· 
close $2.00 to cover return post· 
age. 

ESSA Y SERVICES 
57 Spadina Ave .• Suile #208 

To,onto. Ont8,io, Conada 
lot'61 386-8Ii4I 

Our "lI!Orch ",-"Q i, .aid 
for re_rch a,li'tllflC' only. 

COMMUNIn 
1l00DIANIC 
lZIf.SI'" 

PAYS DONOIIS 
Ior.wle. 
Mon.-SII. 
I:...,:. 
CIoMdSuh. 
DI •• 

• 

I POLITICS: JAMES G. SOTO I 

Interest G~oups 
Every electio" has its vrJhlres who try to tell the citizen how to 

vote. Last weei bitterness ra" rampa"t as this cO/limn bared a 
c]nicism towards adlle.rtisi"g exec~/w~s. This weell begi"s thi! 
ftrst of a series of articles 0" speciall"terests grollps Q"d theIr 
relatio" to politics. Ollr focl/s today is 0" i"terest groups and 
electoral pOlitics with emphasis 0" grollps of i"terest to stude"ts. 

There is little doubt that UCSD students suffer at least one thing in 
common: membership in the student body. With your magic mem-
bership in today's university population you receive the honor of being 
represented by the Student lobby. Despite my reservations about the 
Lobby's legitimacy, the Student Lobby manages to do their job of 
serving quite well. The Lobby has provided the student voter with some 
&eneral information on the candidates' platforms and their stands on 
issues of supposed interest to students. 

The Lobby Report 
The Student lobby recently released a report on candidate's views on 

relevant issues. The candidates were also given the opportlfnity to 
reply to a questionnaire prepared by the lobby. Many candidates did 
not avail themselves of the opportunity. 

The most important race, obviously, is the gubernatorial. The Lobby 
prepared a list of 13 issues of concern to that organization and 
compared the position of Democrat Brown and Republi can Flournoy. 
On seven of the 13 issues Brown and Flournoy hjld the same views . 

One of the major "university" issues is the right to strike and the 
collec tive bargaining procedures as they relate to the right to strike. 
Brown supports the right to strike. Flournoy opposes strikes by 
university employees because he feels it would hurt education . Brown 
believes that coll ective bargaining procedures should be worked out 
with the parties involved. Flournoy believes there should be no student 
participation in collective bargaining procedur_es unless the scope of 
the procedures become broader. 

Other Issues 
I n other issues of difference, Brown supports the decriminalization 

of marijuana while Flournoy opposes such a move. Brown supports 
Proposition 16, whICh would give legislative authority over tuition·, but 
Flournoy is in opposition to such a move. Brown supports Proposition 
17 the Wild River initiative, while Flournoy finds himself differing with Br~wn . Finally, Ftournoy believes that'tuition should be maintained at 
the present level while Brown thinks tuition should be lowered if 
oossib le. 

The student lobby is a step or two higher than other interest groups 
because they are more universal than other groups. There are other 
interest groups who have made their endorsements or have a slate 
issues that they consider important. These run the entire gamut of 
political thought and it would be unfair to cover any of them because 
it would mean leaving out coverage for the remaining groups. 

Groups for Students 
In clOSing it is important that perhaps some of the interest groups 

with student base of support .be mentioned so that the voter at least 
knows where to go for information. Among the interest groups the 
student may want to consult are the league of Conservation Voters, 
Common Cause, People's Lobby, and the Young Americans For 
Freedom . 

The Co-op is the student government at UCSD. It 
replaces the Associated Student Council which dis-
banded several years ago. 

The Co-op meets kly, Monday evenings at 

Recreational Dl'velopml'nt '~ulldln!: Advl~ory 
Committee, the R(> c rl'at~onal Dl'velopnWllt 
Building Advisory Committee, and the Advl~ory 
Committee on Student Cent r. 

6:30 in the Student Center . It is an open govern-
ment in that any6ne who attends can vote. The 
only restriction is that to vote you .must a.tte.nd two 
out of the last three meetings. ThiS restriction was 
designed to avoid special interest groups from 
stacking the meetings. 

1 hey need two volunteers on these committees 
the Physical Education Building Advisory Com-
mittee, the Student Center and Student Affairs 
Building Advisory Committee, and the Housing 
Committee on the Campus University Community 
Plan. 

The Coop Re·porter A feature devoted to events and announcements conceming the Student Cooperative. 
The Co-op has several committees that sift 

through business that would slow down the 
operation of the Co-op. One is the Committee on 
Appointments , which has announced the need for 
interested students to volunteer. 

They need one person for each of the following 
committees : the Affirmative-Action Subcommittee 
on Minorities, the Campus Program Board, the 
Institutional Research Committee, the Program 
Review Committee, the Program Review Com-
mittee's Subcommittee on Capital Outlay and 
Space, the Program Review Committee's Sub-
committee on Budget Program Priority, the Public 
Ceremonies Committee, the Central University 
Library Building Advisory Committee, the Man-
deville Building Advisory Committee, the 

They need three people for the follOWing 
committees; the Advisory Committee on Coun-
seling services, the Advisory Committee on 
Financial Services, the Advisory Committee on 
Special Education Programs, and the Advisory 
Committee on Student Health Services . 

Some of the items that will be discussed at the 
next meeting (Monday, Nov. 4) are the new 
guidelines for the Budget Resource Group, and the 
committee coordinators . 

The Co-op is supposed to be representational of 
all of UCSD, but is cannot unless you participate. 
The Co-op does need you, your imput anl1 your 
ideas. It is therefore urged that as many students as 
possible attend . 

COMMENTARY 

Small College Atmosphere 
College Affairs Glucksman , Chairperson o f the 

The most important of these Social Events Subcommittee . As 
committees is the committee on of yet, the two faculty members 
College Affairs . Its members will have not been appointed, but one 
devise several model govern- will be a member of AEC and the 
ments, to be voted on later on in other will be a faculty member at 
the year . They will also make the large. This overall supervisory 
necessary appointments of Igroup will meet regularly, in open 
students to campus committees, sessions . 
allocate the funds collected from The Academic Executive 
the vending machines, and Committee will handle strictly 
handle student concerns that may academic affairs, such as majors, 
arise. minors and their requirements. 

The committee (on College Working with Clen from the CCA 
Affairs) will be made up of three will be Carolyn Smith. These two 
students and two fac ul ty will act as student representatives 
members. Glen Klein will act as a on this major committee. 
go-between to the CCA and the . Many subcommittees have 
Academic Executive Committee been organized to handle the 
(AEC) . The chairperson from the needs of Fourth . A prominent one 
Career Planning Committee, John is the Social Events Committee, 
Pasnau will serve on the com- which will be planning events to 
mittee' as well as Ellen get the students together. Joel 

Balbien, Tim Bormann, Rail Del 
Muro, Dena Friedman, Stacy 
lanphier, and Cary Schussel are 
members, Alec Nedelman will 
serve as the representative to 
both the COOP Budget Com-
mittee and the campus wide 
Council on Undergraduate Af-
fairs . 

Intern Programs 
Another important committee 

is the Career Plann ing Com-
mittee. Its members, Alex Kwon, 
DaVid Murphy, Eric Rodli, Tom 
Schmidt, Brian Solow, will all be 
working with Jenny Murray, 
researching lectures, seminars 
and tours that might help 
students decide on their careers. 
They might also develop intern 
programs to allow students to 
work in their selected fields. 

An OCCQsionai Survey 
of 
Crime on Campus 

If you don 't want to f ind your 
bike 10 the same spot you left it, 
or if you just don't want to find it, 
make sure you don't lock it up. 
Last week three ten speed 
bicycles were removed. However, 
if you own a rusty three-speed 
bike, you're probably better oH: 
the crooks seem attracted to only 
the latest models . 

Pacing the parking lots, four 
thieves went for the big stuff 
One, 'caught in the act, was 
booked and placed beh ind bars 
for attempted burglary. ·He was 
not a student at UL:>U: 

The rats felt sluggish th is past 
week and didn 't seem to make it 
up to the gym lockers for their 
usual rounds . So If you want that 
bottle of Vitalis stolen , keep 
leaving it next to your watch in 
the locker and you can bet the 
rats will opt for the grease. 

The scoop, as far as the 
psychology of UCSD thugs goes, 
IS that they rely chiefly on that 
great, all-American notion of 
opportunity, which sooner or 
later drifts before all of us . For 
example, when you take a shower 
and leave your door open ex-
posing a lovely, streamlined 
calculator on your desk, the thug, 
if he's got his stuff together, is 
bound to seize it . 



~ ~v lj j Coooerta: 
t{yCobham / A.W.B. 

Cavaleade of Wonten 

To walk out of a concert and 
feel like dancin' and singin' all up 
and down the Sidewalk; that's 
what good jazz is about. Friday 
night at the EI Cortez, the music 
made you feel iust that way. 

The first act, a group from 
Scotland who called themselves 
The Average White Band, were 
entertaining but the audience 

To an old Billy Cobham tan, 
(the Billy Cobham of Mahavishnu 
Orchestra fame), the new sound 
may have come on a bit too rock-
and-roily at times, but one could 
not deny its resilience and power. 
Milsho Liviev on keyboards 
handled some electric piano solos 
with flair and finesse, and Alex 
Blake managed to impress the 
audience with a bass guitar solo 
that made apparent his brilliant 
talent with both upright and 
electric bass. 

The overwhelm i n gl y-praised 
cavalcade of women discoursing 
on womanhood , enacted in 
concert-form by the in-
ternationally celebrated actress 
Viveca Lindfors under the title of 
" I Am A Woman", is expected to 
be one of the most stimulating 
entertainments presented by the 
Campus Programming Board 
U C.S.D. this quarter. 

Miss Lindfors will bring her 
portrayals of women famous in 
life and fiction 'that she has 
collected from the writings of 
great authors from Shakespeare 
to Berolt Brecht and Sylvia Plath 
to the Revelle Cafeteria on 
November 2, at 8:30 p.m. 

This season Miss Lindfors is , 

"', ~ ... , 

making a second nation-wide tour 
in this program in which she 
found triumphant success last 
season in over twenty cities from 
Boston, New York, Washington, 
Cleveland and Seattle. 

She has created expressions of 
joy, anger, pain and exultation of 
the feminine condition, culled 
from Ibsen, Anais Nin, Sigmund 

. Freud, Colette, Amy Lowell, 
Sylvia Plath, Mary Calderone, 
Brecht, Shakespeare, and others-
36 in all. It is a scrapbook of 
emotional responses that are 
feminine, female and in a sense 
(but with a sense of humor) 
feminist. It is a pastiche of what 
it means to be a woman . 

SPECIAL GUEST' 

RUFUS 
Reserved Seating 

aom'lAlmcA ~~ ~B &~ 
3500 Sports A,.,. Blvd. 
S.n Diego, Calif. 92110 

Telephone (714)224-4171 

Nov. 21st 8 p.m. 
For tickets, please send a self-
addressed stamped envelope 

with order. 

S.T.O.P. 
INCORPORATION OF SAN DIEGUITO 
government = rural charms? ? ? ? ? 

BULL .... 

Thir.k! 

:::; local control = better 

The r roposed City of San Dleguito has no big industrial areas, nor 
uti I iti !s.like Encina or San Onofre, nor Fair Grounds or Racetracks to 
provi.lq city revenue . Only you! Only you the homeowner and the 
rente '. , 
Where will the astute city fathers look for additional revenues to 
flnan:e their burgeoning empire?? To YOU-that's who! 

Oh! \'o,lll pay It all right! Through laighilr rents, increased tax s or 
decrfas d services or even specia l city license fees. Or how about 
Spee J.T rap City? To raise the proposed S9000 per mohth . in . motor 
vehide,fines who do you think will be hassled? 

Wan n even scarier thought? If all the local reS idents are taxed to 
the ears how do you generate more revenue? Right! You bring in more 
reSidents, more Industry. Tear up those hillSides- fil ii lOse canyons-
-got to have dollars SSS to support thiS great local government. And 
that means more apartments, condos, tracts and shopping centers. 

Think about It! Don't bE' a loser Vote no! Vote no on Incorporation ! 

Paid for by the STOP Commltt('e 

PilP 4 Triton Times October 30, 1974 

" I Am A Woman" is a detailed 
dramatic study that might, ac-
cording to Kevin Kelly of the 
Boston Globe, be called 
" Everywoman .. an instant portrait 
of woman .. a triumphant tribute ." 
The New York Times called it 
" impressive" and the NY News 
said it is a "a tour de force-sprint 
to see it; she sparkles ." Elliot 
Norton of Boston called her 
" forceful, an artist in acting who 
has gone far and penetrated deep, 
with love and admiration and 
with noble and theatrical skilL" 

I he prod'Jction is directed by 
Paul Austin, who helped Miss 
Lindfors conceive and arrange the 
program, which was an original 
musical score by David Horowitz. 

For ticket information call 
U.C.S .D Box Office 452-4092. 

eemed for a bit more funk that 
the AWB could handle. Malcom 
Duncan on tenor sax impressed 
me the most with a solo piece in a 
number entitled " Pick up the 
Pieces," and the group did do a 
smooth rendition of a Crusaders 
tune for their final number. 

Let 's give the group a C plus for 
a slightly above average per-
formance; no pun intended . 

Ah , and then came the moment 
when Mr. Billy Cobham walked 
onto the stage. You suddenly got 
the feeling that you'd best hold 
on tight because you were about 
to be taken for a ro Iii ng coaster of 
a ride . That excitement that 
creeps into your stomach when 
you realize it's going to be an 
unforgettable trip began 
mounting. 

Cobham, along with six 
polished musicians, made sure 
than no one was disappointed. 
Beginning with a piece which will 
be released on a new album this 
spring, (entitled Total Eclipse), 
Cobham displayed his ability to 
keep the beat unique, dynamic, 
and powerful. At the same time 
the combined talents of his back-
up group produced a sound both 
pleasant and penetrating . 

NEW HOPE 
FOR AMERICA. 

DEMOCRAT 
43RD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 

The additional members of the 
band, John Abercombie, an 
excellent lead guitarist, Glenn 
Ferris on trombone, Randy 
Brecker, who was captivating on 
trumpet, and his brother Michael 
on sax and flute, composed a 
delicate balance of musical 
wizardry and poise. The sum of 
their performances equaled top 
quality jazz. 

Cobham's own unique style 
makes watching him like wat-
ching an explosion of high-
energy . The man's face lights up 
and his body seems to vibrate all 
the force and exritement that 
makes Cobham the legend that he 
is. With numbers like Red Baron 
and Tenth Pen, it was impossible 
not to become involved in 
Cobham's rhythm and movement, 
his grace and style. Cobham 
seems to be having such a good 
time plaYing his drums that you 
inevitably have a good time 
watching him . 

Thank you Mr. Cobham and 
friends for an excellent evening. 
Something tells me I' ll be dancin ' 
for at least another week . 

"A CHANGE IN WASHINGTON" 
Tnls ad Pa id for bV 8 111 Bandes lor Congress 

Joel Samuelson Chairman Jan Claussen. Treasurer 
590 Rimroc k Rd EI Calon Calol 92020 

Concert: Jim Shipman 

Airto I Auger 
Strange, very strange ... how do 

you describe something that 
doesn't readily lend itself to 
description? 

Airto and his band Fingers 
turned our beloved gym into a 
tropical rain forest Sunday night 
with a wondrous assortment of 
percussive instruments . They 
bore such intriguing names as 
caxixi, ~ reco-reco, afuc he, 
atabague-and some had no name 
at all-but all of them were in-
dicative of Airto' s musical 
philosophy: natural sound. 

His set began as naturally as his 
music: " I can't see too well, but I 
feel good. We're going to play 
some music for you ." With an 
i ngen uous s tart I ike that, it was 
easy for me to become infected 
with his dynamism and the 
group's explosive energy. 
plosive energy. 

Their music has a very jazzy 
flavor stemming, I suspect, from 
Airto's work with Miles Davis, 
Cannonball Adderly and others. It> 
surges and ebbs like waves, like 
winds, like rains-it parallels the 
natural rise and fall of things. 
Underlying it all was Airto's • 
piercing voice, penetrating the 
gaps with chants, bird calh, and 
all sorts of primitive clicks and 
cl ucks 

someone named simply Raoul. I 
had a strong identification with 
him because I used to play 
trombone when I was younger, 
and the spectacle of a trombone 
player wailing and sliding away 
with the lead was enthralling. 

Brian Aug('r's Oblivion Express, 
however, blunted the evening. In 
short, they were dull, repetitive. 
and ultimatelY ineffective. Where 
Airto 's jazz -primitive fusion 
worked admirably, Auger's fusion 
failed . It was forced . It was either 
jazz or rock, but never quite 
made it to the hyphenated realm 
of jall-rock which Auger ad-
vertises . 

The key to the performance 
was rhythm . It was " rhythm ically 
dull" (a phrase I lifted from Larry 
Deckel 's observations), wh ich is 
succinct enough not to require 
much elaboration. In all fairness 
though , anything following 
Airto's lush , multi -rhythmic 
patterns, was bound to be a little 
dull 

For Auger freaks there was 
enough to keep them happy, but 
the crowd grew noticeably 
thinner as the set wore on . I didn't 
enjoy it at all- a feeling provoked, 
perhaps , by my neighbor'S pipes, 
cigarettes, and raunchy cigars. I 
hope he, at least, enjoyed the 
show. 

Aart Vark 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

Ah, with mid-terms slowly fading into your and the Backdoor are dishing up Halloween 
memories, you may once again find yourselves delights At the Unicorn, " Fearless Vampire 
with idle hours on your hands. 01'1, what to do, Killers'" and " Demons"; at the Backdoor, 
whatto do? For those of you in such a position, " Vampires and Tales of Terror ." Yummies . 
I have composed a "Guide to the Post Mid- Back to reality : . Perhaps. follOWing might 
Term Blues, " what to do when there's nothing interest a number of you . . 
to do and no money to do it with . Read on . For dance lovers, an unusual evening of 

A whole bunch of galleries have opened new dance-satire-theater may be experienced at 
shows for November. I highly recommend the S.D.S.U. Recital Hall where Harry Partch 's " The 
show on display at the Jolin and Young Gallery, BeWitched" will be performed Nov 7, 8, and 9. 
3719 India St . It's a collecti ve effort being Tickets may be purchased at the Recital Hall. 
presented by a group of 20 women artists The Ballet International of USIU will present 
entitled, " Body Coveri ngs." Some of the most an evening of dance featuring comparw 
creative and beautiful deSigns of jewelry, choreographers . Performances will begin 
embroidered levis and beaded garments that Friday, ov 22 and will run through Mon Nov. 
you are likely to find anywhere may be viewed . 25 Curtain time is at 8:00 with a matinee on 
Demonstrations of their work by the artists will Sat., Nov 23 at 2'30. Tickets Will be available 
be held Nov 2 and 3, al l day long Gallery ~ the City College Theatre, 14th and "C" 
hours; Tuesday-Sat . 11 to 5, Sun 12-5. Streets . 

The Artists Co-operative Gallery, 3731 India, 
offers a collection of prints by Japanese art ists 
At the Triad Gallery, 3701 India, some lovely 
pen and ink drawings by Charles Ballbach are 
on display, along with works by 20 other arti sts. 
Recent paintings by Manny Farber and 
photographs by David Wing are being shown at 
the Jack Glenn Gallery in Fashion Valley . 

Closer to home you will find an exhibit and 
Christmas sale of original works sponsored by 
Jean Shen's Brush, Ink, and Watercolor 
painting classes. The show will be at the In-
ternational Center, Matthews Campus, Nov. 9, 
10 to 5. 

If you are out walking the streets of La Jolla 
sometime this week, it won't be hard for you to 
pick up some local art talent . Students will be 
competing in the annual Halloween Window 
Decorating Contest. 

Speaking of Halloween, if you can get into 
that kind of thing, you might enjoy some of the 
following special events to be presented th is 
week. The Museum of Man in Balboa Park has 
been temporarily converted into a haunted 
house. Horror movies and traditional ghoulish 
atmosphere may be had at a very minimal 
fee. Costumes are optional. Both the Unicorn 

• In a more musical vein , Nov . 2 will mark the 
'concert debut of a new musical group-The 
peatherage Quartet. Performed will be the 
~ozart Quartet In G-minor, The Surinach 
'ioQuartet for violin, viola. cello, and piano, and 
~i""e Brahms Quartet in G-mlnor, op. 25 . The ~oup will perform at 8:00 In Camino Hall at 
ttl .S.D. Tickets are Sl .50 for students and are 
=available at the Turntable in La Jolla. 
. Manon, an opera by Massenet, performed by 
the San Dieao Opera, will be at the Civic 
Theater Wed . Oct. 30, Friday, Nov. 1, and 
Sunday, Nov. 3. For ticket in formation call 236-
6510. 

You still have a chance to cat ch some of the 
Surrealism Film Series being presented by the 
La Jolla Muteum of Contemporary Art. On 
Nov. 11, " Eaux D'Artifice" and " Los 
Olvodados" will be shown, and on Nov. 25, 
"The Way to Shadow Garden" and "Orpheus" 
may be seen . Tickets are Sl .5O for students and 
show time is 8:00 at Sherwood Hall. 

The Unicorn's Experimental Theiltre Fi 1m 
Series Will present "The Serpent. The Open 
Theatre's improvosat ional response to Jean-
Claude van I tall ie's play, Wednesday at 7 and 9 
o'clock. Tickets available at the door . 

That's about It folks . Enjoy yourselves, yes1 
Indeed, primitive is a good 

word to describe the effect. Jazz 
seems to be an excellent vehicle 
for carrying primitive sounds, and 
the combination of the two-
wedded through stages of musical 
anarchy and coherence--gives 
Alrto's musIc a sophistication not 
found in most electronic groups 
today. 

Dance: A Few Ducks Swimming in Swan Lake? Joni Moody 

As for the percussion , imagine 
all kinds of woods and metals 
fas hioned into innumerable 
shapes and sizes and you'll have a 

. good Idea of what is possible--
namely anythingl I wandered in 
and out of Amazonian reveries (if 
that's not being too pretentious) 
and found myself hooked on the 
absolute mystery of it all--of 
pagan rituals and celebrations, of 
the passion of joy inherent in a 
natural. life-style . It was powerful. 

On top of this was the in-
credible lead trombone of 

The San Diego Ballet Com-
pany's production of Swan Lake 
seesawed between miserable and 
very exciting in last Saturday 
night's performance, illustrating 
that while the company definitely 
needs to improve, it has the 
potential to develop into a very 
fine troupe indeed. 

Problems began immediately in 
the opening scene in Prince 
Siegfried 's courtyard . The 
company's dancing was without 
the gaiety and delight implied in 
Tchaikovsky's music; dreamy, 
distraught Siegfried was inef-
fectually portrayed by Thor 
Sutowski. Bright moments came 
from Duncan Schute's lively 
dancing as Benno, the inevitable 

their pendi ng freedom 
hopelessly unsynchronlzed . 

was . jester who attempts to divel'\ the 
Prince from his dreary moods by 
exercising spectacular jumps and 
leaps. 

The second half brought relief 
to what was apparently becoming 

The pas de deux between a m.ediocre performance. Jillana 
Odette-OdiLe and Siegfried in Act and Sutowski developed a har-
II should have been one of the many quite beautiful to behold , 
most memorable moments in the Cherylyn Lavagnino and Duncan 
ballet. It was not. Guest artist Schute received appreci ative 
Jillana moved sluggishly while audience acclaim for their 
Mr. Sutowski watched . Con- superbly executed duet in the 
sidering the marvelous work of ballroom scene and the death of 
the orchestra (whose conductor Rothbard brought the necessary 
was not mentioned in the dramatic finish to the ballet. 
program notes or th~ staff box), The San Diego Ballet may have 
such lackluster dancing was not had to struggle to achieve a 
hard to miss . The dancing of the satisfactory performance, but the 
swan maidens in . celebration of . mark of fine ballet is the seeming 

IF YOU TALK OVER 
A HORNY .LL'S HEAD, 

THAT'S EIAenY WHERE 
HfLL TOSS YOU. 

The MOIJIIWluma Horny 8u1l;r~ 
1 oz. Montezuma TeqUila 
5 oz. CONCENTRATED ORANGE 

BREAKFAST DRINK. Over Ice. 
It's sensationol , and thot 's no bull 

mlintezuma' 
TEQUII.JA 

tlq7. 80 Proof Tequ,la Bor'on D"IoII ... I""",,1 Co N wY",~ N wYork 

absence of struggle, and the grace 
of complete .confldence and 
competente which the San Diego 
Ballet company has yet to master. 

ttl197", HIt Gu 

IevI's Jeans 
forall 
tastes 
Wild, tame, middle-o l-
the-road. 
Over 4 tons 01 Levi's 10 
choose from. The world's 
greatest selection under 
one roof. Levi 's lor every 
size, shape, taste and sex. 
You 'll eat 'em up. 

'. 5 Triton li ..... Octobet 30, 1974 



Thousands of Topics 
$2.7S per page 

Send for 'your up-ta-date , 
176·page. mall order catalog 
ot 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
days del ivery t ime!. 
. 519 GLENROCK AVE. 

SUITE H203 
lOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 

Our mal.rials at. sold for 
research purooses onlv 

Women's Rugby 
An Open letter to Interested Women. Ruggers : 

"OK!Scrum downrl Read>;. Ball in ... now! Easy; heel it back. Push! 
Heel it, don't kick it! Good. Ball out! " 

These are the words that I, the scrum-half, say to the forwards as we 
are trying to gain possession of the ball . All this might sound rather 
unfamiliar but it is all part of a game called Rugby. 

Yes, there is a Women's Rugby team at UCSD. The team was formed 
last year by the men's Rugby team coaches Pete Sertic, Dug Beanon 
and interested girls . 

A lot of us had no idea how to play. The game looks like unorganized 
mayhem , but it is really organized mayhem. We learned the fun-
damentals quickly, by playing short scrimmages among ourselves on 
Saturday afternoons between the men 's games. After we finally found a 
team to play, the Pasadena Eleanor Rugby Club, we played them three 
times; here, at the Santa Barbara Rugl)y Tourney and in Pasadena (not 
in, but right next to the Rose Bowl!) Of course, we won all three games, 
and were presented with a trophy proclaiming us as California 
Champions. 

That has been our short history, and we hope to be bigger and better 
this year . We have heard from four or five new women's rugby teams in 
Southern California who want to play us, including long Beach, UCLA 
and Santa Barbara. We are very excited . Now we don't have to look at 
the same old Pasadena team all the time. 

The team does more than just play rugby. Rugby is a very social 
sport . Unlike any intercollegiate football team, we party after every 
game with opposing teams . We have some songs we sing at the parties, 
thanks to the musical talents and vivid imaginations of some team 
members. We also sell rUl!bv shirts (anyone interestedr). 

DON JUAN IS' BACK - -
- - AND WE'VE GOT Him! 

The hiahlight of the yev is the Santa Barbara Ruaby ToumMlent. 
About fifty teams meet and play ruaby for a weekend at UCSB. There 
were only two women's teams last year, we played in the stadium in 
front of about 200 spectators. 

Rugby is a rooah sport, but please give it a chance. I suarantee a lot 
of fun if you decide to join us. 

For all those interested, we are having our first organization and 
orientation meeting tonight at 6 pm in the PE Classroom. Coaches Pete 
and Dug will be on hand to present us with a movie and explain rugby 
to newcomers . Refreshments m will be provided Ma M . 

. ry OrriS 

U.CS.D. Campus Program Board Presents 
I AM A WOMAN 

starring 
Viveca Lindfors 

Performing a Stage Cavalcade of 36 Women 
U.CS.D. Revelle Cafeteria Nov. 2,19748:30 pm 
U.CS.D. Student $150 Ticketson Sale Noon-
General Admission $250 4:30 Tues-Friday 

NEW 
LOCATIO. 

C ·OL·LEGE STUDENT 

CSllS 
INSURANCE SERVICE 
5187 COLLEGE AVE· 583·9393 

CARLOS CASTENADA'S NEW BOOK 
TALES OF POWER 
Continues the teachings of the fQoulous Don JUQn 

GET YOUR COpy HERE TODAY- - (While the~ ·Iost!) 
, 

AND 'DON'T FORGET CHRISTmAS IS COmlNGI BOOKS ARE STILL YOUR BEST GIFT BUY-

f 

MmtIWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSION mo 

-
'. , Triton Times October 10, 1974 

Lovely to look at. informative. of lasting Interest and value. 

Come In and browse while we still have a Wide selection 

of beautiful gift volumes on a great variety of subjects. 

University Bookstore Glftcertlftcates avallable-
Sankamericard welcomel 

You can do it, too. So f. over 550,000 other people hive done it. People who 
hive different jobs, different las. different interests, different educltions have 
completed the tour • . Our griduatft .... people from III Wilks of life. These 
people hive all tlk." I course developed by Evelyn Wood, I prominent 
educator. Practically III of them It lent tripled their reading speed with equ.:1 or 
better compr.hension. Most have increned it eyen more . 
Think fOf I moment what thlt means. All of them-even the slowest- now reid 
In lVer. I'\OlIel in less thin two hours . They read an entire issue of Time or 
Newsweek in 35 minutft. They don't skip or skim. They read every word. They 
u. no machines. Instud, they let the material the(re reading determine how 
fat they rNd. And mark this well : they ICtually understlnd more. remember 
more, Ind .njoy more thin when they read slowly. That's rightl They 
underNnd more. They remember more. They enjoy more. You can do the same 

It Sou.nds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 M.INUTES 

At 11IIt Speed, TIlt 403 'ae- c.n. aa. 
With liar, Impact Than The 1IaIie. 

thing-the piece to learn more lbout it is It I fr .. speed reading lesion. 
This I, the same cour. President K.nnedy ~ hid his Joint Chiefs of Staff take. 
The staff of President Nixon completed this course in Jul'll1970. The 11m. one 
Senators and Congressmen hive taken. 

Come to I Mini·LlIIOn Ind find out. It is fr .. to you Ind you willi....,. with a 
better understanding of why it works. One thing thlt might bother you about 
your reeding tpHd is thlt tomeone might find out how slow it is. The 
instructors It the Evelyn Wood Reeding Dynamics Fr .. Speed Reeding lesion 
will I.t you keep your secret. It's true we practice the first step to improved 
reeding at I Mlni·LlIIOn Ind we will inere .. your reeding speed on the spot, but 
the results will remlin your secret. Plan to Ittend I fr .. Mini-LlIIOn Ind leem 
thlt it is possible to reed 3-4·5 times faster, with ~mperlbl. compreNnsion. 

...-------SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS--------. 
You'D increase your reading speed 

I to 111" on the spot! 
In La Jolla • La Jolla Village Inn 1·5 at La Jolla Village Drive 
In Mission Valley • Master Hosts Inn 950 Hotel Circle 
In ~I Cajon· Parkway Bowl 1280 Fletcher Parkway 

Today & tomorrow, 4 & 8 pm 
LAST TWO DAYS! 

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 

'.p 7 Triton Times October lO, 197. 



Muir 0utI", CId ....... TIIutL 1l1li et 
.. ".Ift. In H. -. ,,.,. 
ATTENTION MUIR SlUDI,.,.: Muir C'" Counal ......... Fttdey Nov. 1 
et HI. 1ft Muir Pnwoet CON'. Rift. ALL 
SlUDiNTS WlLCOMI. 

The following ........ __ lIIIIOIntild 
by tt. MCC: ..... KWn-CUOA Randy 
L_lta. D.nl.i GII •• m.y.r. Jay Ie....,.,.... end A_ GI ....... Mulr 
Judlclery Committee. ,11/11 

TRIDENT CHRISnAN FELLOWSHIP 
MEETS Wed. 1013D .t 7:311 In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. Every_ welcom.1 
110/301 

SIKE CLUB m .. tln • . Com. find out 
• bout weekend rid ... PE C .... Roome 
1:00 Thu,.. nlte. 110/301 

....... 

AntNTIDN AU MIMI.a DR 
stUDE,.,. ............ III 1M eo-
mIa. t. 1M f'IIy.I •• .., ............. : 
I ...... ,.. .......... n.ur.. Oat. 1'1. et ,. 
.. m.ln tIIe .... ltudent ....... c.ntar. 
Itud.nb with vl.u.l. .","ul.tory. 
-rine and 01IIar ..... ..,... ......, 
.... ht .... lI .. our •• d to attend. -

Other .wd.nb oon .. rn .. 
about the .....,..oaIIy ................... 
.... weIc ..... ',.,.1 
W_·. Rugby T_m In order to get 
orwenlntl. All I..-..ted welcome: 
movll. W .... Oct. 30, I. p.m. PI 
CIMeroom. Info: lII-47IZ. '101301 

ATTENTION FOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDENTS · All In~t'" commuter 
.tud.",. Thu .... y Oct. 30 .t 12:00 In the 
Studant C.nter Loune.. Voice .ny 
IU .... tlone or compllinte you ml.ht 
have. Your Input I. Importllnt. don't I.t 
ph.,.IC81 ..... ,.tlon from the 

m .. ne ..... ,.tlO~ ,0: .. 1~~7:t: 
.' ...........•.. 
...... 

TO ALL REVELLE Cql"~::::;' • 
STUDENTS ... Chencellor Mc~r~: .?"!II; .: .•• 'itW¥ta' .11Pr':39t·.·, '. .': -: ••• , •• 
be in the B ... HelIN lou~-.~r~ :·: .: •... °0° •••• : ... '0_:_'_:':':':':':_' .;.;.:.:.'.:. 
Oct. 31. from 12 to 1 :~"": .aa' .. ""tet. '0·.·.·.· ....... · ..................... , .••....•••.•• : ••. 

W_·.c...... ....... ........ 
tolley. Wad. .... I p.1ft. ..... Muir 
Commone. Mora info: __ • 110IIII 

U ............. Stu ..... I ......... ln 
......... or"'ne your 8ft work oome 
to • meed", et tile ....... c..... 
Lou .... W .... Dot. • 7 •. m. I,.,.. 

... IFIU'" UCSD ........ and 
CALPIRG II ... wII 
on ... ment III 
.... 1Ine wI1h 
ehow will elr 
chennel 2 et 7. 

Ilk. to dlecu •• nytltll1ft ........ o.i ~~ ......... ,. ............................. " .................................. " .............. .. 
............................ ,. ........ : ............................... ~'.'." .. ".' .. '.'.'.' .. ·.· ..... ·0.. .•••••. .. 

,10'.' I ...... ......................................... '. '0 ..... '.' • .. .. .. • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 
:':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':iniir:.iUlitl~~~· ' ··:M~':':':" ,0:':':':':, • , ••.• . ••....•••••• ~ ... ""J t.·_ !.I_!..L"'-' , , •••• , • , • , 

• , • , ••• , •••••••• • ot.&. • • ,. ... "'·M-'-~T, ... ~· ..... , . , . , 
ATTENTION ~:~~~~~::i~;~~;::: :::~~,";y.~~.:,*:JI<w.:::::::::::::::::::::: 
Tech. NuNlng;,~: v-.:Wilt bir:-:-: · j,.iwi.· It(.il+tit~~qr: 4 :'* Q.nr.:-:.: -:.:.: -:.;.:.:.; . 
• n Info In,*,-\ ·:'itd- : w .. ~·: .:': rp.;· : E?r~.""~: S~·: tit : -.:';sir:·:·:...., :eMtitJZJiOi6o';·l'IlI;otlo.: 
meetlne. Thd;':~at.:';':":$~"m:·:·:,pM\"\ltIIt¥"~inirit:~ltC·ft~·:·:·:1O: : ~I( · ~~~· RAo.-. .. ~ 
11M Hl. l.l.·:·:·:·:':·:·:·:·:·:·:':·: ·:· :·:,:'!i~ :~~::'-':~:{1O'3I& : ·:·:·:·:·:·: {11/~ : :.:.:.: 

.:~:::~:::::: :::::~~~~~~~~~:~:::: :::;::: ~: ~:~:~: ~:;:~:~::~: ~:~: ~: ~~~; ~~;~~ ~ ~ ~;; ~ ~ ~~ ~~~;~; ~~:;: ~;;; ~; ~;;:;; ~;:;:: ::;" 
::::::;:;::::::::::;:::::::::::;:::;:::;:;:::::::::::;:::'::::::::::;:;: ;:::':" 

WANTED ~~~~~ii~~~~~l*-~~ Di.hw .. httr n .. ded. fin. r .. t.u "v""J~'~JI"'" 
Le Joll • . 3-6 h,... eve • . t2.21i/ hr. 
Beth: 4fj2·14n. (10/30) 
Ride wanted to U.C. Berk. 11 /1n4. C.II 
Tom 756-6273 7·10 p.m. Will help p.v for 
g.l . (10/30) 

WANTED: Trombone . nd Sexop hon. 
ITenor. A' tq .nd Flute prefe rred) 
pl.vera to complete Horn Section for 
Working Lllcel B.nel. M.terl.1 Include. 
Tower of P oW.r. Stevie Wonder. Earth 
wind .nd ;i,. etc. Fu"y J.zz Rock. 
Pi .... c.1 453-763& for further Inof. 
111/1) 

'71 trlump'" liDO Iblke) 6000 mi. .lIcel 
condo muee .ell loonl .7110. 727·" 
lifter' p.rr or INYe m ••. 110/301 

M.mly. SOI(Of 311 mm . In.1o lone refle • • 
• ,..t cem..,. •• muet •• 11 .121. 727· ... 
Ieev. m ... 110/301 

FOR SALE: Jord.n Amp. reverb. 
tremolo. 12" .peeker. MO. C.II Pet •• t 
412 .... 110/30) 

W. m.de It to "1nI~M'~.~I~'ya., .... · 
the mole hoi ... 
Rockv. l lttl. Red 
110/30) 
I'm lu.t •• ulte tr.nav .. tlte. Dr. Fr.nk 
N. Furtur. 110/301 

H.ppy Blrthdey. B.rb. Im •• lne only 
nineteen ve.,. old. Nev.r b_n 1 Peul. 
(10/30) 

To my feborlt. aportl editor: H .... • • 
your very "r8Onel .,.,._I.W. llO/301 

M.rlen: Your .ult .... tlll love you. 
H.ppy IbeletMtvl 11th. ,10/301 

Join the P.r .... 1 

Pap' T,iton Times Octobe, 30,1974 

FOR RENT: 2 br unfum. Apt. Gen_ . 
HI.hland • . c.1I "1100. ,,.,.1 

SI"-II room _11Ib1l Jan 1 or Dec: • 
It7UII. U". with • 0.......... but 
.tucllou. girt. Univ City 4 ml from 
C8""",.. bu. ewlilbio. Pref... no", 
.mollina feme ... Cell ~ ..... ...". 
"..... ... ..... 11013D1 

WrHIne CInIo: Help wftII ctu- ........ 
1NOII0 ..... IOMIarIy ....... .eo. '. 
HL. _..-z. "1/271 

WOULD YOU UKI TO MAKE A FILM? 
W .......... Dot. _. In front of the 
.tucIent CIIItIr . ..... atyIed .... ........ 
film ..... L ,. mill of ...... film for 
-._ to -. Come .nd wrfta • 
etory. dnIw • pIotu.... or IIIuetnIta • 
...-. Shown et 3:GO the1 .h8moon. 
',.,.1 
THIRD COLUGE SENlOIIS who expect 
to .,....,. In FeN. WI..-. Gr 8t»rIntI 
wII ...... 10 fill an Uncllrwteelulta 
0...... AppIIcetIon with die Acecllmlc 
A ....... OffIce. he VI,...... Ortuno • 
Me .'2 Room 11 P'- fill by 
N-.nIIar n. 111/111 

Keith · Heppy H.ppy IIrthc1ay from _ 
.nd Mf. ',.13D1 

senices 
W.n1 to uncler8tand you"'" better7 
Aetroloev worll8llOp ..... _ ~ 
_ or ...... 1P11'" 

,..., caw .... o C .... ,...,... III tile 
'ool .. lI.t Work.r. 1174 N.tl .... 1 
c. ...... n COItIrnittee Thu ... Oat. 1'1. 
Muir ..... Noon. For Info _II ~,... 
'1011D1 

WI •• nd CHIHI .nd COLOII SUDES 
011 ROMI wII be otterM et 7:311 p.m .. 
It UnIwnIty Lu ..... n Churah. _ La 
Jolla lito.. Drtva. JIdl .L.IndIIuIII. 
prof_r of ....... oue etad_ .. U.S.D .• 
will ..... on. "The Churah III the 
Ca1acom ...... AI .,. waIoo_ '10,. 

The Department of HIItory will "'-1 
• IIUIIIc 1Iotu,. by Amo Mayer. Prt", 
ce10n UIIIvenIty Prohaeor on Thur· 
ICIly. Oct. l'Iet et 4:OD p.m.. Revelil 
Informal Lou ..... Prohaeor Meyer wHI 
..... 11 on "The Lower MIdcIII C .... II 
HIetortc8I Preblam." Adm .... on II t,... 
110/301 

Prot.eDr Murray B.umaerten from 
UCSC wiN 1IIk on "All SHAG. THE 
BODY'S SONG" Oc1011ef 31 ••• p.m .• 
Revelil Formel Lou,,". 110/301 

Union of J .... h Studantl I. 

Ub,.ry room 1,.. ThIa 
R.1Ib! Devid B.,...r 

11013D1 

Oct. 1'1 '2 • 
D1i ... ",lel8 of D,. • • 


