
Quiet On The Campu8e8 

ROTC Makes A COJDeback 
by John Taylor 

The Reserve Officers' Training Corps 
(ROTC), four years ago the object 0 1 
anti-war protests and demonstrations 
on many of the nation's college 
campuses, seems to be making a quiet, 
almost unnoticed comeback . For 
although enrollment has decreased 
substantially (155,000 in 1970, com-
pared with 60,000 last October), 392 of 
the nation's schools - 39 more than in 
1970 - now offer ROTC programs, and 
at schools such as Stanford and Dart-
mouth, which dropped ROTC, efforts 
are being made to reinstate it. 

San Francisco, outlined the progress of 
the ROTC programs at UC Berkeley, 

And a memorandum, directed to the 
UC Regent's Committee on Educational 
Policy at the February 14 meetinR in 

Davis, Los Angeles and Santa Barbara. 
All but Davis report some increase in 
enrollment. 

Symbolic Bomb Craters 

In a recent article in the Los Angeles 
Times, Col. Carl F. Bernard, Chairman 
of the Department of Military Science 
at UC Berkeley, remarked, "We've 
strengthened our position and at the 
same time animosity has gone way 
down here. I've walked around this 
campus in uniform for a year and a half 
now without a si ngle adverse com-
ment." And at the University of Oregon, 

Budget Committee Allocates 
Funds 

by Rick Drom 

The budget sub-
committee for T.U.S.C. 
decided Wednesday to 
increase its support of the 
Program Board by 62%; 
from 524,000 to S39,OOO. 
Under this plan, 1/3 of all 
student activity fee money 
would be spent on campus 
programming. This would· 
be equal to about 
$6/student/year. 

Other recommendations 
included allotting 510,000 
next year for a full-time 
secretary; 517,000 to pay 
for "subsidiary journals", 
like the North Star; and 
$2,500 for eight telephones. 
These recommendations, in 
essence, will affect all 
student organizations now 
receiving money from 
T.U .S.C. by allocating 

money that they might have 
received. 

The ' Undergraduate 
Student Council (T.U .S.C.) 
will vote on these financial 
recommendations at its 
meeting on Monday, 
February 25, at 6:00 P.M . in 
250 M.C. If it passes these 
recommendations, it will 
have contradicted its own 
recommendations of last 
year. 

The budget sub-
committee last year urged 
the Program Board to 
become more self-sufficient 
so that less student activity 
fee money would be used in 
the future . Instead the 
Program Board has asked to 
increase its funding from 
T.U.S.C. by 515,000 and 
decrease its funding from 
the Registration Fee 

Committee by 511,000; 
from 581,000 to 570,000. 

Under the present 
proposal T.U.S.C. would 
give the Program Board 
extra funds next year to 
help programming at UCSD. 
In the following years, 
T.U.S.C. plans to decrease 
its funding of the Board . 

The proposed full-time 
secretary for next year 
would be placed in the new 
student center. This person 
would help T.U.S.C., the 
U.c. Student Lobby and the 
Communications Board. 
The person would also 
answer telephones for the. 
other student groups in the 
Center. 

Under this subcommittee 
proposal, the Triton Times 
and kSOT would be funded 

continued on page 7 

Salk Discusses Human Values, 
New Scientific Approaches 

by Rich Pool 

Wednesday night, in the 
Revelle cafeteria, Dr. Jonas 
Salk, discoverer of the polio 
vaccine and director of the 
Salk Institute spoke to 
people first about the goals 
of the Salk Institute and 
afterwards about his ideas 
on the future of mankind. 

Dr. Salk stated that the 
I nstitute has three orien-

tations : Biology, Medicine 
and HumanIty. The 
biological studies include 
gene regulation, the aging 
process, neurobiology and 
prebiotic chemistry. The 
medical research concerns 
the immune system in the 
body in relation to cancer 
(which Dr. Salk is in-
vestiptinl) and hormone 
and fertility control. Dr. 
Salk feels that the most 

important human istic 
problem for the institute is 
the application of the 
understanding of biological 
processes to human 
ystems. 

Words flowed easily 
when Dr . Salk then 
presented, (using slides), his 
hypothesis that we are 
living in a time of transition 

continued on PAP 2 

where ROTC facilities were once 
bombed and burned, the head of the 
Army ROTC unit reported, " In the 
spring of '72 they dug 'symbolic bomb 
cnters' in ot'r front yard. It's been quiet 
since then " 

In general, ROTC officials hope that 
their programs will grow and be suc-
cessfu l because of a number of factors : 
the overall decl ine in (or disappearance 
of) campus antimilitary sentiment, the 
adding of scholarships and increased 
benefits, revised and modernized 
curriculums, and the chance that a 
'different kind' of student might be 
entpring college now. 

At Berkeley the Department of 
Military Sciences has increased its 
number of courses by seven, to 19, so 
that, according to a report from the 
UCB Chancellor's office, potential 
officers will be able to " understand 
more fully the military profession 
before being commissioned ." In ad-
dition, that report indicated a con-
tinued increase in enrollment, both 
among members and nonmembers of 
ROTC. And the Berkeley Naval Science 
department reported a substantial 
increase in enrollment, owing to, 
among other things, the " reduction or 

tempering of anti-military sentiment." 
Overall enrollment in the Department 
of Aerospace Studies is up 50 per cent 

Davis reported a decrease in 
enrollment, attributed to the end of the 
draft, but predicted a new upward trend 
"as evidenced by a (ROTC) freshman 
class of 34." The Davis Military Science 
department also reported success in 
allowing non-ROTC students to enroll 
in its courses. 

UCLA showed increases in 
enrollment in Naval and aerospace 
courses, while enrollment in military 
science courses decreased. The decline 
was again attributed to the end of the 
draft. UCLA also indicated that a new 
policy requiring that all new ROTC 
instructors have master's degrees 
relevant to the area they teach has 
improved the quality of instruction 

Finally, UC Santa Barbara showed an 
increase in first year enrollment from 13 
to 20 cadets. and an increase from 34 to 
43 cadets 'ln overall enrollment. 

All four of the UC campuses with 
ROTC have authorized the enrollment 
of women in their military programs; 
presently, enrolled are 19 women at 
Berkeley, six at Davis, 12 at UCLA, and 
five at Santa Barbara. 

DC Campuses Tackle 

Energy Problems 
by Jerry Schneider 

Shutting off heat in dormitories and 
disconnecting water coolers are two 
examples of the extreme energy saving 
methods put into effect at U campuses 
to cope with demands by government 
agencies and utility companies to cut 
energy consumption. 

The cut-off heat to the dormitories at 
Santa Barbara on Jan . 5, lasted only 24 
hours. Irate parents of students, when 
notified of the emergency measure 
threatened the University with breach 
of dorm contracts which stipulated that 
room maintain fac i lities present at the 
time the contracts were signed in 
September. 

Other less drastic steps have been 
more effective and have received wider 
support. 

At Santa Cruz and Berkeley cam-
puses, transportation is a large energy 
consuming activity. Both Universities 
are partners in different joint programs 
with Bay Area Rapid Transit. At 
Berkeley, the University plans to put 
into operation an experimental shuttle 
bus system to BART stops, allowing 
students to commute cheaply to the 
greater San Francisco bay area. The 
buses will run on low-cost natural gas. 
The facility, scheduled to begin on Mar. 
1, will run at seven minute intervals. 

Students at Santa Cruz may drive 
half-way to the Bay Area park free of 
charge in a BART lot, and travel by 
rapid transit the rest of the way. 

According to spokesmen at each 
campus, including UCSD, numerous 
general energy saving ideas have either 
been put into effect or at least 
proposed . These include the 
elimination of decorative lighting, 
shutting off heating and lighting 
systems in non-use hours, and cur-
tailment of the use of UC vehicle . 

Most of these changes are vital to 
these campuse if they wish to 
guarantee themselves energy resources 
in coming months. For example, most 
campuses, including UCSD, are on 
interruptable gas service. This means 
that supplies of gas for heating cou ld be 
cut off at any t ime without prior notice. 

Each campus maintains re erve of 
either fuel oil, sulphur-burning fuel, or 
natural gas in case their main source of 
fuel is terminated . 

Only at Santa Barbara is there danger 
of a complete shutdown becau e of a 
dimini hing propane gas reservoir. 

At UClA, located lose to 
metropolitan Lo Angele , effort to 
reduce eneray consumption are purred 

even further by mandates from the city 
Department of Water and Power to 
reduce consumption by 20 per cent. So 
far the campus has complied with this 
order. 

However, UCLA is experiencing 
difficulties keeping under the proposed 
UC budget for electricity . Ad-
ministrators estimate that use in 
January could run 50 per cent over the 
amount allowed in the budget. 

Several campuses have gone further 
than the across - the - board cutdowns. 
Irvine, Riverside, Los Angeles and Santa 
Cruz all have taken similar additional 
steps in overall energy redudion . These 
include cutting off the flow of hot water 
in non-residential areas, disconnecting 
water coolers, and lowering the water 
temperatures in swimming pools. 

A bell-tower at Riverside is dark and 
silent . Nancy Ross, staff writer for the 
campus newspaper, The Highlander, 
stated that the campus has replaced 
three quarters of its vehicles with an 
economy car, the American Motor's 
Hornet. 

Stickers urging conservation of 
lighting and ventilation are posted all 
around the University. Their efforts 
have accounted for an overall 25 per 
cent savings in energy, Ross said . 

Another unique idea is employed at 
Santa Cruz . Tom O'Leary, public in-
formation officf'r, stated that the 
University has replaced campus 
passenger cars with nine transport vans 
to carry classes on trips. 

Since Santa Cruz houses about half 
its students, dormitory residents have 
been strongly encouraged to conserve 
heat, stated O'Leary. 

To encourage fuel con ervation at 
Berkeley, the campu ha opened a bike 
lot which will accommodate 500 bIke , 
according to a pL'blic information 
officer. On the oth r hand, the con-
struction of parking lot tructure for 
the Northern Califolnia campu ha 
been halted. 

UC D is one of eV·3 ral campu es t 
establish pecial onmittee to in 
vestigate way to con erve energ . AI 
Rea, of [m,;,v'II,'t;' htil ; I u:lll 
Science , i head of the Energy Con 
ervation CommItte which r 

recommendation for aving en rgy. 
Many step\ already in ffect at othe 

UC campu e . ar now under th 
commIttee con ,deratIon Th 
ommittee ha sch dul dam ling t 

di cu recomm ndation om tIm 
next we k. 



.,. 

Politiffi, Technology, Women's Affairs, .. 

Spring Course Offerings 
CAL-PIRC 

RECOMMENDATIONS 

UCSD students can get 
course credit for working in 
many fields this Spring; 
including ecology, 
government responsibility, 
and consumerism. To help 
students choose classes in 

Technology, Ecology and 
Morality : Frontiers of 
Science III 

Energy Production and 
Utilization : Frontiers of 
Science 119 

Physics and Power : 

~~-.-~ these important fields , 
~ ~. ~ CALPIRG has compiled a 

Frontiers of Science 121 
Pollution Models; Ames 

170 
CRANTSMANSHIP 

FAME Seminar 
A new Contemporary Issues 21 seminar, ON FAME, 

will be offered spring quarter. In this course, techniques 
for aquiring fame in various fields will be examined. The 
major fields to be covered will be politics, the sciences, 
and the media. Other areas will be briefly discussed, 
such as sports and show business. 

Students will be asked to devise and initiate a project 
that will make active use of these techniques. 

The price of fame, its rewards and consequences will 
be discussed. 

For further information on course content, please 
contact Sherilin Heise, x1382. 

For information on how to enroll in the course, please 
contact the CI office, x1949. 

Civil War Widows 
Entitled to Relief 

The Veterans Administration has begun another 
"outreach" effort to inform widows of Civil War 
veterans they're entitled to a S55 monthly aid and at-
tendance allowance if they are eligible. This allowance 
is in addition to death compensation and death pension 
payments. 

Officials noted that in December 1973, there were 511 
Civil War beneficiaries (272 widows and 239 helpless 
children) on the agency's rolls. There were 548 last June. 

The averafe age of Civil War widows is 89.1 years, 
.with 26 of them 100 years old or more. The oldest Union 
Army widow is 117 years old, compared to 105 for the 
oldest Confederate Army widow. 

VA officials said 197 of the 272 surviving Civil War 
widows draw aid and attendance benefits . Of the 75 
who do not, four are more than 100 years old . There are 
1.2 million widows from all wars on VA compensation 
and pension rolls. 

There are no Civil War veterans, the last Union Army 
veteran died in 1956 at the age of 109. The last Con-
federate Army veteran was 117 years old when he died 
in 1959. 

Cousteau Raps System 
(M ary-Frances Spratt, UC Davis Cal. Aggie) W ith 

cheers sweeping through Freeborn Hall , Phillippe 
Cousteau proclaimed "As students studying and lear-
ning, you are already gathering the tools and weapons 
that are going to clobber the old bastards." Referring to 
the politicians and polluters who have buried nature's 
beauty am idst waste, the underwater adventurer was 
reflecting upon a student's role in combating pollution . 
"The news is disaster everywhere." 

Cousteau, son of Jacques Cousteau, believes " The 
problems are overwhelmingly due to an inadequate 
social system," in which profit and exploitation prevail . 
Politicians make rash decisions regarding energy 
problems to please the voters without regard to the long 
term effects . 

Cousteau's father recently sent a telegram to 
President Nixon stating "We have no right to com-
promise the health and safeguard of our children just for 
the commodities of our day." 

Energy at UCSD 
Energy savin[ programs at UCSD are showing results, 

according to t he latest issue of the Campus Staff 
Gazette. "Thes.' savings can definitely be attributed to 
the care of most personnel in turning out lights when 
not needed anc! a general attelrl~l Lo monitor the use of 
energy dependent equipment. Reduction of heat in 
buildings is 10o\lElring fuel demand, and the reduced 
speed limit (50 nph) being observed by most University 
drivers is incr~asing the miles per gallon of UCSD 
vehicles. All in:lividuals need to support this program, 
and maintain that effort to assure that UCSD produces a 
positive ENERCY CONSERVATION record . 

" The efforts of the Physical Plant Department, as of 
the end of January, have resulted in a known reduction 
of electrical energy demand of 70,000 Kw hours per 
month . This reduction develops from disconnection of 
light fixtures plus the reduced use of fans and pumps. In 
comparison to the last report in the Ga£ette, added 
effort of PPD has increased annual savings in fuel oil at 
the generating plant by 95,304 gallons, making a total 
estimated savings of 113,545 gallons of fuel oil per 
year ." 

list of suggested classes. 
The California Public 

Interest Research Croup has 
chosen classes in 7 different 
departments at UCSD. 
Though many other courses 
will enable students to 
contribute to the com-
munity, these are a rough 
sampling : 

The Rise of Con-
sumerism; Contemporary 
Issues 21 

Defining the Quality of 
Life: Economics 167 

Urban Social Problems: 
Sociology 120 

The University Town 
Center: Urban and Rural 
Studies 109 

Political Profiles of 
Officials: Political Science 
198 (Dr. Stanley) 

Money is one quantity 
that is in short supply at 
UCSD, as many student 
groups can testify . But, if a 
new course in "grant-
smanship" is offered next 
quarter, things might be 
different at UCSD. 

Mark Bookman, director 
of the new student center, 
has offered to help students 
set up a course in writing 
funding grants. If enough 
students and faculty help 
organize this course, and 
show interest in it, it will be 
offered for credit in the 
Spring . 

According to Bookman, 
foundations offer a lot of 
money that UCSD student 
projects would qualify for. 

Extension Classes 
University of California Extension, San Diego an-

nounces that spring quarter registration wi II open 
Monday, Feb. 25 . 

Ex~ore catalogs for spring are now being mailed, and 
will abailable at city, county and UCSD libraries. 

Many classes begin the week of April 1, with short 
courses planned throughout the quarter. 

A pootography class will take "spring break" in the 
Big Sur and at Hearst Castle, doing camera studies of 
nature and architecture. First meeting for the 
photographers is March 26. 

A general interest lecture series will present scientists 
from the Salk Institute who will give " Perspectives on 
Man." 

Extension offers ongoing programs for business 
people, workers in the medical field , and teachers, as 
well as citizens who want to be effective in influencing 
government. 

The Extension registration office is open 8 a.m. to 7 
p.m. Monday through Thursday, through 5 p.m. on 
Fridays, and 9 a.m . to noon on Saturdays. During the 
busy period March 18 - April 12, weekday closing time 
will be extended to 9 p.m. 

Persons interested in receiving a catalog y mail are 
asked to telephone 453-2000, extension 2061. or write : 
EXPLORE " A", P.O . Box 109, La Jolla, CA 92037. The 
catalog is free of charge. 

Salk 
continued from page one 
from an epoch which in-
cludes the history of man 
until now to another epoch. 
The fi rst sl ides depicted the 
"S"-shaped graph of thl' 
popu lation growth of 
various animals . The 
popu lation grows at a 
rapidly increasing rate until 
a point in time when the 
population growth rate 
begins to decrease. Dr . Salk 
feels the human population 
on earth is approaching that 
point. He suggested that 
this diametric change in the 
acceleration of population 
growth from increasing to 
decreasi ng wou I d affect 
many aspects of peoples' 
lives . Values previously 
emphasized, such as the 
prevention of death and the 
external control of people 
would be replaced by their 
opposites; birth control and 
self control. These con-
ti icti ng attitudes have 
existed togetheri I n the first 
epoch the former 
predominated; in the 
second epoch evolution 
demands that the second be 
favored. 

Dr. Salk foresees the 
beginning of a new field of 

science - Metabiology. 

Existing science and 
philosophy will be blended 

-with the aim of un-
derstanding evolution and 
nature as the processes 
precede rather than, as 
now, studying the results of 
past evolutionary changes. 
Just as the elements are the 
units for chemistry, people 
will be the units for 
metabiology. 

Repeatedly Dr . Salk 
stated his willingness to 
hear arguments against his 
theory . He responded 
eagerly to questions, asked 
by the audience . His ideas 
are extensively presented in 
his book, Survival of the 
Wisest. 

ABORTION 
ALTERNATIVES 

PRO-LIFE 

24 HRS. 

583-5433 

free speakers 
available 

This course, if it is set up, 
would beain by teach ina 
students where to look for 
funding sources for a 
particular project. It would 
then help students learn 
how to research a possible 
grant, write a grant, contact 
the necessary people, and 
follow-up on the proposal. 

Students and faculty who 
are interested in working to 
develop such a course on 
"grantsmanship" should 
call Bookman at x2943 to 
set up a meeting. Members 
of clubs and organizations 
at UCSD are especially 
encouraged to help out so 
that they may be able to get 
funding for their own 
needs . 

WOMEN'S AFFAIRS 
Though there is no 

Women's Studies program 
at UCSD, there will be a 
number of courses offered 

department. Contact the 
Anthro department (2D, 8th 
floor) for more information 
on these. 

A possible 199 in 
Sociology or f is available 
to anyone wishing 
compile data gathered by 
graduate women at UCSD. 
A survey was taken to see 
what their fields were, 
whether or not they were 
married, how many 
children they had, and the 
kinds of jobs they even-
tuallyended up having. (Do 
you know how many 
secretaries at UCSD have 
master or Ph .D. degrees?) 
In-depth interviews were 
conducted by these women 
and there is a great deal of 
information about the life-
styles of graduate women . 
The data, when organized, 
would be made available to 
all in the Women's Center. 

spring quarter that are of The University Extension 
particular interest to will be offering many 
women. women's study-type courses, 

In September there were this spring. Martha Rossler l 
only thirteen women will teach " Images of 
faculty members at UCSD. Women in Film", which is 
There are now thirty-one, good for Visual Arts credit. 
and a number of these Peggy Budd will lead 
women are offering courses course called " Teaching 
that deal with women's About Women" . Other 
changing role in society. classes include "Images 

Susan Kleinberg will be Women in the French 
teaching " Women in Novel" and "How to Stop 
History" . Cail Olmvedt, of Discriminating Against 
the Sociology department, Yourself" . There is no 
is offering "Social I separate section in the 
Stratification". There are Extension catalog for 
also four courses that deal Women's Studies Courses; 
with women being offered they are interspersed 
by the Anthropology throughout. 

Speakers Today 
One of the world's outstanding theoretical physicists, 

Dr. Eugene Paul Wigner of Princeton University, will 
present the initial Maria Goeppert Mayer Memorial 
Colloquium, this Friday, February 22. 

The lecture is scheduled for 4:00 p.m. in Room 2722 
of the Undergraduate Sciences Building on the Revelle 
College campus at UCSD. Professor Wigner will speak 
on "Epistemology Dictated by Quantum Mechanics and 
Our Escapes," a critical evaluation of quantum 
mechanics . 

Andrew W. Cordier, the top aide to the United 
Nations Secretary-Ceneral for 16 years and president 
emeritus of Columbia University, is scheduled to speak 
at the International Center. 

The talk, which is free and open to the public, will 
begin at 8:30 p.m . Cordier'S topic will be "The Inside 
Record of the United Nations." A question and answer 
period and refreshments will follow. 

LOW PRICES 
HIGH TRADE-INS 
RENTALS 

PROFESSIONAL & 
INDUSTRIAL 
DEALERSHIPS 

EXPERT 
REPAIRS 

and 
CUSTOMB&W 
PROCESSING. 
ON PREMISES 

filII VAUDAnD 'A .. IIIICII 

235_4 

Museum of Man, Bal~ April 13. Museum hours are 
Park-"Fabrications", The 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 
Annual Creative Weavers Lil JolIOI Museum of 
Guild Show & Exhibit, ends Contemporary Art-There 
Sunday, February 24. There will be an exhibition of 
is a~~ a Prehis~an.ic Faces. photography by Cerman 
e.xhl~lt, consisting of conceptual photographers 
figurines, masks , and Bernd and Hilla Becher in 
photos dating back 2,000 the upstairs galleries from 
years up through the February 23 through March 
present. The museum is 31 . 
open from 10 a.m . to 4:45 
p.m. daily. 

The NaturOiI History 
Museum, Balboa POIrk--
Florida Canyon Nature 
Trails ecological tours by 
trained guides, this Sunday 
at 1 and 2 p.m. 

Fine Arts Gilliery of SOIn 
Diego-The Latin American 
Arts Committee is spon-
soring a series of lectures 
entitled "Mexican 
Muralists : Ancient and 
Modern." The first speaker 
will be Harry W. Crosby, a 
La Jolla photographer and 
author. He will discuss and 
show slides of the little 
known Monumental Rock 

Aerospace Museum, 
Bal~ POIrk-There is a new 
photo exhibit, "Famous 
Flights & Flyers", through 

In Your Ear-Radio IiSDT • .-t:' • • $ " 
A couple of new developments for 

KSDT have occurred within the past 
week. Those "chanaes" are important-we 
are now broadcasting at ~ AM here on 
the UCSD campus and at ~ FM 
STEREO on Southwestern Cable Com-
pany's cable. Thinas are beginning to 
cook ... 

Every minute that we're on the air, we 
strive to give you the very best for your 
listening pleasure, without commercial 
interruption . Musically speaking, we're a 
collage of sounds-any and all types are 
aired . If there's something you'd like to 
hear, give the air person a call at 453-
1221. 

For the jazz buffs of San Diego, some 
very fine jazz programming can be heard 
with Gary Shigematsu on Tuesdays and 
Thursdays 6-10 am; Toya Lewis 2~ pm 
Tuesdays; Glen Flowers 6-9 pm Tuesday 
eveni ngs; AI Zollar on Wednesdays and 
Sundays from 2~ pm; and Sunday.nights 
10 pm-2 am with Rob Norberg and Mark 
Freund . 

Classical fans can be treated to Dilte 
With Destiny, Wednesday evenings from 
6-9 pm with David Buchbinder and Jim 
Soto. Dille With Destiny is an "unor-
thodox" collage of history and the 
classics, with a focus on a particular time 
period each week. 

And of course, there's The Chrome-
Plated MegOlphone of Life each evening 
from 9-10 pm. A wide variety of programs 
are coming your way ... 

Megilphone OInd Other Such Thinas 

Feb. 22-28 

Friday Night, Feb. 22 9:00 pm The 
MorOiI Ambiauity of Ameriu: The 
Psychology of Being Powerless 

This program, fifth in a series produced 
by the Canadian Broa?casting Cor-

, _I, 

poration, is an analysis of forces we face; 
industrialism, bureaucracy, scientific 

' technology, urbanization and their 
effects on the individual-massive 
frustration which leads to apathy or 
barely controlled rage .. . the lecturer is Dr. 
Paul Goodman, a prominent " radical" 
social critic . -9:30 pm 

The Moral Ambauity of AmencOl: Is 
AmencOin Democracy VIOIbleJ 

In this final lecture, Dr. Goodman 
looks for signs and hopes in the picture 
of America he has drawn. "The American 
faces that used to be so beautiful, so 
resolute and yet so poignantly open and 
innocent, are looking ugly these days, 
hard, thin-lipped and like innocence 
spoilt without having become ex-
perienced ." 

Saturday night, Feb. 23rd 9:00 pm The 
Pe~nut Butter Productions Tonight's 
presentation is The Trneller, by Marc 
Connally; the story of the experiences of 
a rather inane man who travels on a 
metropolitan train in the 1930's for the 
first time. Produced by Lea Jacobs and 
Dion Hollenbeck with Doug MacDonald 
and Steve Colman ... 

Sunday night Feiltures 6:00 pm News 
OInd Sports Wrap-up with Haynes Pitts 
and Bruce "Sportsbomber" Hanley 6:30 
pm Poels' Nook 

Tonight will begin a three-part special 
about the late Pablo Neruda, a 
prominent Latin American poet. In this 
particular program, Neruda reads four of 
his poems at Columbia University on 
April 13, 1972. The reading begins with a 
translation by Robert Bly of two poems : 
"Solo L~ MOirte" (Nothing But Death) and 
" Arte Poetic~," (The Art of Poetry); 
followed by Neruda reading the works. 
Neruda also reads his "Ode 10 the Socks," 
a poem of humility and gratefulness. 

continued on p~ge 7 

Shakespearian 
Production Lecture 
Theaters of Shakespeare's time and their inf luence on 

his writing will be discussed by. British author and 
I cturer Ronald Watkins Monday, Feb, 25, at the 
University of California, San Diego. 

The lecture, "The Conditions of Performance and 
Their Influence on Shakespeare's Method of Writing," 
will be at 4 p.m . in the UCSD Theatre, Matthews 
Campus. 

Sponsored by the Department of Drama, the program 
is free and open to the public . 

Watkins has directed numerous productions of 
Shakespeare in England and has designed several stages 
there, . recreating conditions similar to those of 
Shakespeare's own playhouse . 

He taught the classics and English al the Harrow 
School in Middlesex from 1932 to 1964 and directed the 
school's annual Shakespearian play for 23 years . 

C~ditor of "The Harrow Shakespeare, Macbeth," he 
has also written "Moonlight at the Globe," a description 
of an Elizabethan performance of "A Midsummer 
Night's Dream," and "On Producing Shakespeare," an 
account of the methods he has developed through his 
experience on the Elizabethan stage. 

He attended Eton College, King's College in Cam-
bridge and Univer ily of 1l.1\(·1 ')wluprlanrf 

Quiz Kid Contest 
No, 3 Results 

All right class, on the 
whole the tests were pretty 
good. Best grades were 
earned by Randy Peterson 
who wins the 2 tickets to 
the Foghat concert at J.J's 
February 23rd at 8 pm; and 
Marc Goyette, and the team 
of Michael Toombs and 
Steve Thompson who each 
win a stereo LP. 

As for the rest of the 
clasL .add-drop cards are 
on the front desk. Thanks 
for Irying 

Art-vark 
Paintings of Baja California . 
Crosby's illustrated talk will 
be held in the James 5. 
Copley Auditorium, on 
February 27 . For i n-
formation contact Martin 
Petersen at 232-7931 . 

Sherwood Hall -- To 
benefit The La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra, Joshua 
Rifkin will perform the 
Piano Rags of Scott Joplin, 
along with selections from 
the Red Back Book with a 
San Diego ensemble, 
tonight and tomorrow night 
at 8 p.m. at Sherwood Hall. 
Tickets are S10 (S6 tax 
deductible) at the Turn-
table, 459-4421 

Also in the Park-Don 
McCloud and Mark Wenzel 
are presenting free mime 

Records 
By Kenneth Moss 

JOHNNY WINTER - SAINTS 
AND SINNERS IKC - 32715) 

It looks like the king of 
raunch and roll is back in 
form and ready to com-
pletely severe your head 
from your neck. These last 
couple of months have 
been trying times indeed for 
long time Johnny Winter 
enthusiasts like myself. I 
was sure that he was 
doomed to spend the rest of 
his natural born musical life 
cateri ng to SRO 
teenybopper "C learisil " 
generation crowds. 

I have come to the 
conclusion that he has to 
make money somehow and 
I guess he realizes that 
rarely does a musician 
make it these days on ar-
tistic ability alone. Take 
Grand Funk for instance; 
take them for any reason ; 
you may have them! With 
Johnny Winter, happily, his 
post hospitalization 
transition to flash rock gives 
a false impression. Beneath 
the recently acquired 
platform shoes and David 
Bowie mocl-a-gogo stretch -
elastic jumpsuits lies the 
picture of a dedicated, 
constantly experimenting, 
conscientious blues 
guitarist . There is no 
messing around here. This 
basic blues training and 
dedication to guitar playing 
are evident, of course, in his 
music . He knows where 
every sixty-fourth note he 
plays belongs. If one listens 
closely, it is fast, very fast, 
but clean, very clean . He 
has also mastered the 
vibrato (the sustained , 
chilling, vibrating guitar 

conlinued on page 7 

shows on Sundays 1-5 p.m. 
at the Botanical Gardens, EI 
Prado area, Balboa Park. 
These shows are in 
preparation for forthcom ing 
professional appearances, 
and are a mixed bag of new 
material they are trying out 
on the public. If you're in 
the area be sure to stop by 
and take a peek. 

Modern D~nce : USIU will 
be presenting a workshop 
and concert in the UCSD 
gym . The workshop is 
Tuesday February 26 from 
7-9 PM. The concert will be 
on Wednesday February 27, 
at 8 p.m. Best of all. .. it's 
absolutely cost free ! 

Concert Noles: "Foghat" 
wi II appear at J.j's on Sat, 
Feb 23 for two shows, 8 and 
11 p.m. The four-man group 

Don Maker 

brings hard rock sounds 
straight from England 

BOiroque ChOimber Music: 
second event in the Friday 
evenings in Del Mar series 
will be presented tonight at 
8, in t. Peter's Episcopal 
Church in Del Mar 
Featuring musIc by Vivaldi, 
Telemann, and Handel, as 
performed by the Festival 
Chamber En semble ' 
Elizabeth Ham i lton 
Harpsichord, Peter Farell -
Cello, Uegene Gratovich -
violin , and Sylvia Green-
field - flute . 

Theatre: UCSD Theatre's 
product ion of Blood 
Wedding, opens tonight 
and continues Feb 23, 24, 
28 and March 1, 2, and 3 
before departing for its 
southern California tour . 

The subject of Man's foibles and ludicrous nature has 
been explored by many people in many mediums, and 
theatre is permeated by plays on this topic. Too often 
they are trite and boring. Jean Giradoux was a poet of 
wit and insight and presented a very humorous and 
novel view of this ancient subject . His play is entitled 
Amphitryon 38, and it is being presented at the Mission 
Playhouse . 

The play is set during the early d~ys of t.h~ Roman 
empire, and employs the Cods in phllosop.hlZlng upon 
and exploring the characters of mortals . Jupiter (Norbert 
Ehrenfreund) and Mercury (Robert Almanca) have a 
discussion upon this subject before coming to earth. to 
test the virtue of Alkemena (D' Ann Peace), a beautiful 
mortal Jupiter has fallen in love with .. . 

The plot is basically a tangle concerning the virtue of 
Man opposing the devious plots of the Gods. Other 
characters are trundled across the stage, however, to 
present other aspects of the beast. A trumpeter .expla ins 
how creation and beauty are more a state of mmd than 
a physical necessity. A servant extols the blessings of 
peace, and a warrior sends him .off to ~ake the town .for 
war, praising everything . associated With war as being 
the real calling and deSire of Man . 

It would seem he has a point, as Amphitryon (Stephen 
Christopher) leaves his beautiful wi~e Alkemena h~pp i l y 
in exchange for the pleasure of bemg a general In the 
army. This clears the field for Jupiter and his amorous 
'intentions, and from then on humor flows In equal 
proportions to the philosophy. 

The cast is well suited for their parts, and does an 
excellent performance of a fun show. Directress Edythe 

continued on page 7 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up·to-date, 16(l.paae, 
ma il order catalog. Enclose $1 00 
to cover postage Idel i,ery time is 
1 to 2 days!. 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD .. SUiTt tt2 

LOS ANG[LES, CALIF. 90025 
(21 3) 477-8474 or 477·5493 

Our ruelrch material is solei for 
rlSfirch aui5tance only. 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

2259 Avenida de 
la Playa 

Phone: 459-3465 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meats, 

Wine & Beer 

ISVPS 
for 

sweet 
things 
The Gap IS girl-crazy. 
With over a ton of Levi's 
for Gals' per store. It's the 
world's greatest selection. 
So pick us over. 

open 7 din ......... 
Mon til", Se. 
10.mlo'pm 
Sun NOOf! to I pm 
... y .,.rtf. ng 



'HI" A HUNDIIID H.CINT 'IT-CALL MY •• oKl. AND TILL HIM TO liLLi' 

Solzhenitsyn: A Propaganda Tool 
by Mason Powell 

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and his writings are examples 
of the American media's ability to brainwash the 
American "intelligentsia ." Their reactions to 
Solzhenitsyn and his books demonstrate an amazing 
ability not to grasp the obvious, as usual. Almost 
universally in this country Solzhenitsyn is portrayed and 
accepted as a great writer and a courageous, persecuted 
Soviet diSSident, who is trying to expose the repression 
of the Soviet government during the Stalinist era. In 
doing so, he seeks a religious solution to practical 
problems. I have talked with many of these people, and 
have found it has rarely, and usually not, occured to 
them to question the truth of this man's writings. This 
kind of faith is seldom granted to authors of the left . 
Why should they a priori believe Solzhenitsyn? Many do 
not know that the crime Solzhenitsyn was convicted of 
was tantamount to collaboration with the Nazis in 
World War Two. But then, many people were jailed for 
this crime. some possibly unjustifiably by Western 
peacetime standards. (Certainly the case of Lt. Calley 
indicates the crime of an American must indeed be 
severe to merit punishment.) Does Solzhenitsyn's 
conviction necessarily make him innocent? 
Solzhenitsyn's former wife, Natalya Reshetovskaya. in 
an interview with the conservative newspaper Le Figaro, 
said she typed part of his latest book, The Gulag Ar-
chipelago, 1918-1956. while she was still his wife. She 
said : "The subject of "Gulag Archipelago', as I felt at the 
moment when he was writing it, is not in fact the life of 
the country and not even the life of the camps but the 
folklore of the camps." (New York Times, February 6. 
1974. p.5) More evidence of Solzhenitsyn's unreliability, 
again from the New York Times (2-4-74, p.14J. is a letter 
of Nikolai D. Viktevich, who is chairman of a depart-
ment of chemistry in the Soviet Union, and the man 
with whom Solzhenitsyn corresponded during the war. 
(It was this correspondence that Solzhenitsyn claims 
was responsible for his prison term ) Viktevich writes: 
"Recently I learned that my relations with Aleksandr 
Solzhenitsyn were mentioned in a distorted light in 
several biographies of the latter, which have been 
brought out in the West.. .He (Solzhenitsyn ) always had 
a very high opinion of himself. In the war years. he came 
to regard himself as no less than a "semi-god" and from 
this height judged what was good and bad. according to 
his own schemes and theories rather than in terms of 
reality ." Although in Gulag Archipelago Solzhenitsyn 
writes he was never tortured, Viktevich writes in 
response to being shown the records of Sozhenitsyn's 
interrogation : "The first thought that crossed my mind 
was that this was again some tactical ruse. However. not 
only was the signature extremely familiar to me. but 
there was no doubt in my mind regarding Solzhenitsyn's 
handwriting, as he had made additions and corrections 
in the record with ,is own hand. each time adding his 
signature in the ma ·gin. My horror increased when I saw 
the names of our fl iends in these records and that they 
were also spoken (.f as persons with anti-Soviet moods 
and potential m ~rhbers of the organization-Kirill 
Simonyan. his \/ife Lida Yezeherets and even 
Aleksandr 's OW'1 wife , Natalya Alekseyevna 
Reshetovskaya . A the interrogations. SoILIIt:llit~'{f' 
described them all as inveterate anti-Sovietists who had 
been "involved in '·uch activities since their university 
days. . 

Regardless of wllether or not Solzhenitsyn writes the 
truth, however , lTlany people consider his alledged 
persecution the is~ue . rhese people think the question 
that he is possibl~ not writing the truth to be moot. 
nevertheless. as a political "dissident." he must not be 
persecuted . But how has he been persecuted? Has h 
exhausted his financial resources and spent years in 
prison fighting ridiculous conspiracy charges. as did 
Bobby Sealf'. Huey Newton. and the VVAW. among 
many others? Was h fired from hiS Job and hounded 
a ross thf' rountry to be tried on a trumped-up charge 
.lnd I"llt In lilli , d~ w,. 'nl>('la f)il vi<l W:!< h,.. 1'" I t '" " 

on a one-year-to-life indeterminate sentence and finally 
murdered. as was George Jackson? Did he suffer the 
fates of Eldridge Cleaver. H. Rapp Brown, or Malcolm X? 
Was he blown up like some of the Weathermen? Or did 
he suffer the fates of torture and execution that his 
counterparts would surely get in the U.S. puppet states 
of Brazil . Uruguay. Bolivia, Chile. Greece. Spain . 
Portugal. The Phillippines. South Vietnam and South 
Korea, to name a few? (With the torturers trained at Los 
Fresnos, Texas. no less!) Needless to say, none of these 
things have happened . Recently I read in the L.A . Times 
(watch for the blatant propaganda articles of Murray 
Seeger; often they are on the front page) that the Soviet 
Union had "stepped up" its campaign of terror against 
Solzhenitsyn by publishing, for the first time. letters to 
the editor in Pravda denouncing him. Apparently the 
Soviet Union has an almost infinite number of these 
steps. since they step up their terror quite frequently 
and still have not progressed very far. These letters were 
from Soviet intellectuals as" well as workers. Yet the 
press would have us believe it is part of an "official 
campaign of terror ." The intellectuals find this 
believeable, and yet if the newspapers said one of their 
letters to the editor was "officially inspired" they would 
probably sue for libel in their outrage. (Apparently such 
a tactic is nontrivial to accomplish. since the 
republicans of this country found it necessary to send 
fake telegrams supporting the U.S. terror-bombing of 
Hanoi last Christmas .) 

Now more recently we find that the Soviet Union has 
exiled Solzhenitsyn to West Germany. where he will be 
forced to support himself (if he cannot find a job) with 
the estimated six million dollars he has in Swiss bank 
accounts from the royalties of his books . Defiant until 
the last. Solzhenitsyn refused to obey two summons for 
questioning. and was finally arrested and exiled. This 
was only one of numerous Russian laws he recently 
broke; most of the prior ones involved his dissemination 
of pro-Western propaganda. Perhaps now Solzhenitsyn 
will emigrate to a Free World country like Chile (whose 
recent bloody coup he has not yet been able to con-
demn); he probably will be in no danger there of suf-
fering the fate of Victor Jara, or the many persecuted 
Chi lean "dissidents" . Or are such things of no im-
portance in "underdeveloped" countries? Certainly the 
free press of this country is much more concerned with 
Soviet "persecution" . Hence so also are the 
manipulated propagandists. the American intellectuals. 

This article is not to be construed as a defense of 
Soviet policies. nor even as an attack on Solzhenitsyn. 
but rather as a criticism of the American intellectuals. I 
have tried to point out how American intellectuals 
perhaps as a legacy of McCarthy and the cold war. ar~ 
quick to condemn the Soviet Union without sufficient 
analysis. unreasonably. and on misinformation. They 
are unwitting tools of anti-communist. and hence anti-
Soviet. propagandists. The American press heralds 
Gulag Archipelago (published in France by the YMCA 
press while being broadcast serially by Radio Liberty) in 
its inimicable red-baiting fashion; Eric Sevareid hails 
this book-of-the-month club selection. and no doubt the 
Reader's Digest will condense it. If the Soviet Union 
does merit criticism. then it must come from the per-
spective of the left. Solzhenitsyn. who intimated ap-
proval of Nixon 's handling of the Vietnam War in his 
speech nominating Andrei Sakharov for the Nobel 
Peace prize, crit icizes the Soviet Union from the right. 
But what can one expect from someone who nominates 
the Russian version of Edward Teller for the peace prize? 
Somewhat appropos . I suppose. it was given to Henry 
Kissinger. 

We need not despair too long. however. over 
Solzhenitsyn 's forced reuniting with his royalties Some 
good might yet come out of this "cruel and brutal" 
exi le. the American intellectual may get to watch 
Solzhenitsyn intervi wed on the Dick Cavett show. The 
man. after all. is too Intell nUi'1 for ihc Merv Griffin 
~how 

Tribady in Arcady 
or 

The Blushing Nymph's Reply 
A man has but a single virile reed 
That stands to serve his masturbat'ry need, 
Whereas we women have more divers parts 
To assuage the tensions of frustrated hearts . 
Though his may seem a longer, sturdier flower, 
It blooms but once or twice within an hour 
And then , his passion o'er, his pollen spent, 
Requires a day for its replenishment. 

Not so our own tumescent little yard . 
Though but an inch, it rises just as hard 
And, losing nought by seminal emission, 
Can rise. and rise again, at our volition : 
So. if the spirit urges, we can tweak 
An hundred raptures in a single week. 

Yet. further; while a man has but one plum 
To fondle 'twixt his fingers and his thumb -
A single tool. with which he can engage 
To playa single role on Eros' stage -
We women thrill to thrice as much as he: 
Two bosoms, and one private chastity -
A triple organ, whereon we can plllv 
Soft hymns to Venus mallY times a day 
(And more in any solitary night!) 
Enjoy yourself, my Lady Onanite! . G.O . 

An Open Letter 
To Boh Caldwell 

by Percy BYS8ch e 

A Defense 01 Coloniahm 
ly .It •• 8. s.e. 

25 years have brought about a vast change in the 
i geography of the world. Where European nations once 
scores of new nations have sprung up like weeds . Resulting 
this fountain of independence has come a continuous 

against the evi ls of colonialism . 
there are different forms of imperialism and nationalism so 
are different forms of colonialism. some of which aren't 

Iy bad (this should provoke that international gang of 
the Marxists, to stir from their tired mediocrity) . 

Since the advent of universal independence very few of the 
Independent states have made progress toward their 
ic and politica l stabi l ity. Nations like India require vast 

sfusions of American wheat to keep her starving citizens 
k at arms length. Other nations like Dahamey have taken up 

their national sport, "coup d'etat" for a day. 
In many instances sudden independence has caused more 

than there ever were under colonialism . Big Daddy Idi 
Uganda is trying to prove that Hitler was not just an 
case but the patron saint of modern international 

whose persecution of ethnic groups becomes an 
occurance . In neighboring Burundi. once controlled by 
one dominant tribe butchers a weaker tribe by the 

s of thousands. Whi le the Third and Communist worlds 
their incessent racket about the colonial powers of Por-

(and to a lesser extent South Africa) colonialism in the real 
sense continues unchecked in its most viscious forms in 

Hungary. Poland. North Korea. and Cuba. Even in the third 
colonialism was not a rarity . In the Sudan. Arabs terrorized 

and Ethiopia maintains control over thousands who 
let normally become part of the neighboring Somali nation. 

The outcry by the Marxist powers and the Third World is 
ing a bit boring and usually hypocritical. 

Western forms of Colonialism range from the good to the bad. 
Britain 's refusal to accept the " noble savage" on any 

. not admirable. But most of the excesses of Western 
ism have long been chapters out of history rather than 

atrocities. 

The most hated of colonial powers has been Portugal. The 
I am writing in reply to the letter from Bob Caldwell in your although .hated almost universally have not por-

last edition . His assumption that the article "On the Necessity of hate to cause large scale independence 
Masturbation" was written by Mark McCarty is totally incorrect. n\l~m"nt< as there were in Algeria or in Viet-Nam . There have 
While Mr. McCarty has written some pieces that show con. small insurgent forces in Portuguese Africa but these have 
siderable imagination and depth, It is unfair to ascribe every such totally unsuccessful . One may note that there are more 
piece to his authorship. Furthermore. I am offended that Mr. in the Portuguese Army than there are Portuguese. If 
McCarty did not take the opportunity, as editorial director. to Its the Portuguese for not allowing Africans self-
dispute Mr. Caldwell's claim. thus tacitly taking credit for my .t~'-rnin;ltion, remember the Portuguese themselves have 
work. res,errlbl lng se lf determination . Portuguese Africa is 

But the more important point which I wish to make is that the ansi(jerE~d part of Metropolitan Portugal and probably has as 
article was not satirical. as Mr. Caldwell assumes. I really believe freedom as Uganda, Guinea, or the Somali Republic . 
the statements that I make in it and am prepared to defend them. While constant · and extreme colonialism is rather absurd (why 
I will restate my position, so that anyone who wishes to 'claim would want to colonize Mali or Chad is ,beyond me) the 
that my views are "farcical" will have to present rational of colonialism practiced before the scramble for colonies 
arguments against them. late 19th century did have some merit. No one could fault 

First. I believe that it would be fine if we could regard all forms for colonizing Gibralter. Malta, and Singapore . In fact 
of sexual ity as delightful and precious, and develop our capacity retreat from her colan ial realm has left the Un ited States 
for such enjoyment. Prejudices against masturbation or the Soviet Union maneuvering in strategically important 
homosexuality have no real basis in natural human instinct. In effect, for the world to maintain any sort of stability it is 
Contrary to Freudian ideology. there is no basic instinctive drive for super powers to maintain their own strategic health 
that directs us to the opposite sex. and of which auto-eroticism ey become overly nervous and plunge the world into 
or homosexuality are diversions or perversions . Certainly we conflict. 
must admit that orgasm is innately delightful (if our education 
has not taught liS to fear and despise it); but it is another thing to Our present dislike of colonialism must be tempered with an 
claim that orgasm through heterosexual intercourse is the into the strategic and economic realities of in-
"natural " instinctive. and infinitely preferable way. Heterosexual I politics . The failure of Third World nations to govern 
preferences are almost entirely a product of social forces rather is causing Western nations a great deal of hardship . 
than instinct. Of course. any society which continues to exist United States must concern herself with its own survival. The 
must place a high emphasis on heterosexual pair bonding, if only ibilityof Idi Amins and Mobutus has led to a more sober 
for the sake of procreation and the raising of a family. But it does ot colonialism, and hopefully will silence its numerous 
not follow that other forms of sexuality need to be despised 
Each form has its own merits in different situations. Standard 
heterosexual genital intercourse has the feature of providing 
simultaneous satisfaction to both partners. It can also provide 
interpersonal contact. companionship. warmth . playfulness; but 
homosexual relations can have these same values. Heterosexual 
contact may have a strong element of delight in the bodily 
beauty of the partner; but we should be equally capable of 
delighting in the beautiful bodies of our own sex. and even our 
own bodily beauty. . 

I contend that masturbation is a valid and important alter· 
native means of sexual enjoyment. Sometimes it is difficult to 
find a truly congenial companionship . And sometimes one feels 

continued on p.ge 7 

Special Student "Dlacounted" 
Auto Inaurance 

For Qualified Studenta 

otfwed E.oIuetveIy lII .. n ~o by 
M_II. K .... I_ .. "" A.-v 

Drift by or .... tocloy 'or a 11"-"" - Ph. ..... 
M~"I_T .. I 

COLLEGE STUDENT 
INSU RANCE SERVICE 
_C ...... '.-c-...M __ I 

Leorn to Sk'y Soil 
In five fun·I_. '0' only • . 00 p .. '-n ". and 
Ipply thom -'I, " YOU wl,h to tho purcho .. of your 
very own Sky .. III 

Sky ""'n. I, .. hi It '. _yl It', hmll': fun ll .. ,n how 
- now - "om lluollftod. _ ...... 1181 Inltructonl 
F,_FII,ht 0' "n Diego I. the I ...... Sky S-'IIn. 
.chool In tha County "" but onrolmant I, IImltodi Call 
nowl 

For mora 'n'ormatlon on Amorlce', "'_ .rowIn ••• 
.... on.port 

Dial 2Q7-1218 Nowl 
IIoeI_Now'ory_W ..... EnclLewon 

' .... FI'''" of"n DIogo. P.O. I .. 117ZZ, Ion DIoeo 
12111 

How Green Was Our Valley 
by Malcolm Smith 

The current energy crisis and oil embargo are not just 
minor and passing problems. Rather they are the first 
signs of,a major shift in world politics : world power will 
shift from the hands of the industrialized nations into 
the eager and able grasp of the countries that produce 
the raw materials that feed the factories of the west. 

The Western World (i .e. The industrialized world) will 
experience shortages in other areas. probably within the 
next 20 or 30 years. The West imports enough raw 
materials from these countries that an embargo could 
cripple the economy of the west. Just as the oil 
producing countries have united for power. other 
producing nations will unite into one massive, powerful 
whole, using their combined strength to exploit the 
western nations. as the western nations have exploited 
them. 

Judging from the current crisis, the probable response 
of the western world will be " dog eat dog and the devil 
take the hindmast". each country tripping over itself as 
it rushes to make deals with sheiks and tribal chief tans. 
A powerful and united Africa and South America with 
the other producing nations of the world would be able 
to play with the West as a puppeteer with his puppets. 
Weak and squabbling. devoting all their resources to the 
maintainence of the peace at home, they could offer no 
effective resistance. If Henry Kissinger gets his way, the 
Western World will unite in opposition . the haves vs . 
the have nots, leading to a sharply divided world and 
the real possibility of world war . If the producing 
nations put the screw on. the Western World would 
have no alternative but submit or fight. Submit? Never. 

The " underdeveloped" nations will meanwhile pick 
out the best from Western technology, learning from 
our mistakes, and with any luck at all produce a more 
rational society, with technology as a tool instead of a 
master. They will be able to preserve what is best in 
their lands, without destroying it in the never-ending 
and mindless search for more comfort. faster cars. and a 

triton times 
(_I. Chlcl 

David Buchblnde< New. O ... rt ..... t heN,a,iAl A ... ,."tt 
CM, EoIItot M.uy Howard C~mille C.UI 

Crtl Hicks C.rol Phillips Kathy Coxe 
Bette Cllfrett 

,.. ........ (dItor Krein. Marquez 
Michlel Sesma lIndl Kina 

Vicki Broach 
Artll" Copy 1411 •• Juanit. Stoddard 

JamesC SOlo Chris Rauber (0"'1 CtclS Ed Simons 
•• tina. M." .... RIch Pool Mike Thom,s 

Rut Hinlon Roberta Rehm 
Holly Hitzeman" 

Edltorill 0,"<10. James C SolO 
M.rkMcC.rty Art. Oep.rt","t 

Aft. Edllo< Rue Hinton 
Larry Deckel Cha.les Hyde 

""otol,.phy Don Maker 
St>orto EditOf Pat DaviS 

Eric R'ln.u ere, ll!On"rd 
Tom Pillr.m Mindy Stott 

Sci.ftce (dUor 
John Snodlr.ss 

'hoto.r.ph, (dltor Production Sport. Dcpartmcnt 
Malcolm Sm It" 

Beuey Krueaer Man.; Liska 
s.cretaff Ed Simons Tracy Brrtolucci 

Corr ineC.4.., Cloria Siom Inskl Kirk Robinson 
Peter Cilbs 

Auoclllte City (dltOrt Kathy Keunzl 
Rick Drom 

lu.inu, Depoutment 
Hannah Cohen 

COpy Ruden lee Y«use 
John laylor OOnnl Yamamoto 

Maria Puente Ramon Ruiz 
Aut . IUII""s Manaler Debbie Perluss Bill Wilson 

IOM!ph Mooynln 

The 'RITON TtMU i. officially reco.niJM liS A ,.weI,n' newspaper by the Com· 
municadon loard of the Ufti~dty of t:.Utornil, bn Die.o, Bulldln. lSO. ~h .. hewl 
eIlMp .... LA 'olLl, (,IUomi. '2037. 'ubfiutkHI is twice wHIIly on Tuftd.y. ,,"4 
Fridlyt. Offices Ire louted in Roo", 117, .lake HaU ...... ,tte Camp ... I . For adnrd"n. 
pho •• 45)"71~, Of 453·lOOO, X 101': 10. edlt""I.1 o ...... phon. X10 .. . 

PAID POLITI CAL ADVERTISEMENT 

IMPEACH NIXON 
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE TO EXPRESS AN OPINION 

AGAINST • FOR • NEUTRAL 
TOWN MEETING at Mulrlllnda Junior HI. h 

April 77:30 pm 

Come And Get Inyolyed. Oon't Be The Silent Ap<olfletic Majority 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

To tho CONGRESS ol'ht UNITED STATES 01 AMERICA ' 

I • citizen 0' the United States of America, r«lut'St that you Impeach 
Prnld.." RIch ... d M. Nixon . on grounds oi bribery Of oilier high trim .. 
JHld m~OOI"" 

Signed: ________ _ 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
TIN ..... ,.,.., win .. forwerWt/ to yWr ~ If.,...",.,,.,. V/lMtNr or not 
I'GW ....., 1htl1oHowI", eptlonM qu .. tfom tit' melt • • *,.Ion. 
NAME _____________ ACE __ _ 

AOORESS PHONE 
CITY __________ STATE ZIP __ _ 

I" I'" la .. t:lNJldrI"1IaletecUon I ~o"CI tOf Nblon 0, McGow", D, did not ~ote O. 
I ' .. Uuum' .... COIl lime. rnoMV. 1 would lit. \Oconnil)u .. 111M O.or S 

I ... o.td like, repI, to "' ..... ; YLS D. NO O. ~Enda.lUimoed ... t·.octrttN4 ." .... 101*0) 
M.M che(k tt'" "*"y o,.r lNyMte to! 
CIt. 1M MIN to. CITIZEN. '0 I .... ACH HIXON-

' .0. _ .,14., Son DIoF. CA 9211. 
FCK irlformadoft c.all ~r. J~ O. 04114,.... or Mn. H, ..... GrOUtt""n &, 4$4-1917. 

hid for by CITIZEN. '0 IMPEACH NIXON-

laundry soap that gets clothes " cleaner than dean" . 
While the industrialized nations collapse In decay, 
expending all tbeir resources to keep people alive and 
submissive. the "underdeveloped" countries will take 
civilization to new heights. America of today will 
become the India of tomorrow. the place where 

continued on p.ge 7 

targum crosswo'rd 

39 PIe ... reply 11 Bits of colored 
43 Cirptntry need piptr ACROSS 

1 Prestigious Eutern 44 Agr ..... nt 12 AYold 
unIV.rslty 45 Slllor 13 Awllts decision 

B IIIrrlt1Y. po.... 46 Su ff ix: one who 15 Nore indolent 
13 lobe of the bnin 47 111,..lnlted sollrly 20 - O·Bri.n 
14 Shrink bock 49 Robert Voughn TV 24 Nor. beloyed 
16 lHve the country rol. 26 Hang. from 
17 - Stln- SO loos.-l .. f notebook 21-.cross 
IB Not .ny 52 Hy.nlllke _1 27 - diY. 
19 Port of IMn's S4 Suburb 0' Chlclgo 28 Wlgers 

fo"..l Ittlr. SS Coooputer ....... rfts 30 Pick 
21 Turkish headge.r 56 - Fronce 31 Short, stumpy till 
22 Contllner 0' 57 C.I., 32 WII tlrget 

genet ic code 33 Coll.ge subject 
23 Bi rths tDnl DOWN (Ibtlr. ) 
24 Clcero's Cit 34 Bring into ""Ictlce 
25 F_. talk. 1 '20s .ong or 35 Bet_s Ihrwd 
27 In 1_ (lftgry) _n ' s n_ 3B Sunfl_r ,tit. 
28 "Petrified Forest" 2 Bathrooo fbture (Ibbr.) 

.tlr 3 - Andrews CO Curly ••. g . 
29 Emt1an cHy 4 Fr'OIII Essen (Ibbr.) 41 SttlkPlOUs. chlln 
31 T .. --(_ll clr) 5 Statt : Fr. 42 T.IcheN (Ibbr.) 
32 Fond look bocbMrds 6 ,\bl. to r .. son 44 Thick SOUP 
3S ClI'1JOIIn 7 Putl. of .. Iny 47 No,l . titlo: 'Ir . 
36 F n tlO11lnt stud.nts 48 Walked on 
37 T~'c •• 1 th Vic. 8 Ci'· In Irlq 49 Babe Ruth "'-tr n r",,-n n .. 51 "I 11.e _ . PNs Ident 9 Honey buzzlrd • 
38 Type of shirt 10 J_ls 53 LibYln _'ur. 

BACH'S UNCLE 
Is musrc from the early 18th century 

to the mid-20th 
"Four young musician's technical 
brilliance and five togetherness. " 

After Dark, New York 

March 2, 8:30 p.m. Revelle Cafe 
TIckets .t lI,ey H,II Bo~ Offlee 
U.C.S.D. Student: .1.&0 G.n" f2.1iO 

I~ 
Roscoe Lee Browne 

& Anthony Zerbe 
in 

Behind The Broken Words 
"an evening of poems, songs, & 

fragments of plays ." 

Fri. Feb . 22 

8:30 P.M. Revell.C.f. 

W.H. Auden 

U.C.S.D. Stud.nt. $2.001 
G.n .... 1 Admls.lon $3.00 

•.•. cummings 
William Butl.r Yeats 
Dylan . Thom .. 
Jun Glredoull .. : 
snd many other. 

Page 5 Triton Time , Februnv 22, 1974 



RTS 
IMNews 

Playoff Pairings 
The following is the schedule of playoff games for 

intramural basketball : 

MEN'S (first pool) 
Independant (second place) liS . Exxon (fi rst place) 
Arco (first place) liS. Bye 
Shell (first place) liS. Bye 
Independant (third place) liS. Chellron (first place) 
MEN'S (second pool) 
Independant (first place) liS. Bye 
Shell (second place) vs. Texaco (first place) 
76 (first place) liS. Gulf (first place) 
Independant (fourth place) liS. Bye 

PEEWEE 
Natural Cas (first place) liS. Hydro electric (second 
place) 
Coal Stove (first place) vs . Candlelight (second place) 
Hydroelectric (first place) liS. Natural Cas (third place) 
Candleli2ht (first place) vs. Natural Gas (second place) 
COED 
San Onofre (first place) vs. Boy Scouts (first place) 
Brownout (first place) vs . San Onofre (second place) 

(Announcements) 
HANDBALL CLUB 

Anyone interested in 
forming a UCSD Handball 
Club is asked to attend a 
meeting next Thursday 
night at 7 p.m. in the PE 
Classroom . For further 
information, please contact 

John Cates at txt . 2275 or 
Harry at Ext. 2285 . 
BACKGAMMON CLUB 

Anyone interested in 
forming a UCSD 
Backgammon Club is asked 
to contact Harry at Ext. 
2285. 

Sports 
This Week 

DAY SPORT OPPONENT LOCATION TIME 
Frt Men', Tennl. USIU MulrCta 2pm 

Men'. Swimming Chapman TJ 
Tech 

Pool 4pm 

Sat Wre.tllng NAIA District RecGym AllDay 
III Toumament 

Track & Field Le Verne & Cel Track lpm 
Lutheran 

JV Ba.ketball USIU MalnGym 6pm 

V Baskatball USIU Main Gym 8pm 

Lecro •• e loa Angel .. S8n Dlegulto lpm 
High 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES fhru 

HYPNOSIS 
DUKE 

ElLINGTON 
DICK RAKOW 2I'~ 

COMMu~tTY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Mon.-Sat. 
6:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

April 6. 1974 
8:30 pm 
UCSD Gvm 

TICKETS AT 

BOX OFFICE. 

UREY HAll 

LOBBY 

Pilgt fi Trilnn Timl's, F('hruary 22, 1974 

lock Course 

II UNTITLED VI 
and the dashln, freedom 
that the common woriting 
man and woman strive for . 
Needless to say, they seek 
the advice of ·eKperts . 
Therefore, Ferd, Chet and 
myself have sat down and 
poured over these 
questions. Today we will 
throw out some guidelines 
on the latest in jock living 
and wi II attempt to keep the 
reader constantly in vogue 
in the future . 

Our mail box has been 
brimming with letters 
lately. Of course this is not 
a new trend. Our box is 
constantly jammed packed 
full of mail as the Untitled 
Staff department receives 
requests for autographs, 
propositions of marriage, 
solicitations to endorse this 
product or that and 
donations to continue our 

by Marl! Lilb 

fine work in the annals of 
sports reporting by many 
philanthropic institutions 
among other things. Lately 
a trend has appeared 
among the type of 
questions we' ve been 
receiving lately. Simply put, 
people want to know how 
to act and look like a jock. 

This doesn't seem 
unreasonable in today's 

society. People nowadays 
are fashion conscious -
always wishing to wear the 
correct clothes and use the 
proper fork for the salad . 
Sports afficianados are no 
different and seek to 
become successful jocks or 
jock impersonators. After 
all, its the jock who seems 
to halle the women, the 
good times, the good looks 

Wrestlers Ruggers Take Two 

The first characteristic 
that meets the casual 
observer's eye is the jock's 
ability to enrapture women . 
This is somewhat a cyclic 
phenomena since the more 
successful a jock is at 
obtaining a harem of 
females, the higher up he 
moves on the hallowed 
ladder of jockdom and 
therefore, the more pull he 
has on women, ad nauseum . 
In a sense the Phrase 
"women breed women" has 
significance here since the 
more womem jock has 
around, the easier it is for 
him to get more. 

Face From SD State 
NAIA 

Tourney 

All day_ tomorrow, the 
main gym will be filled with 
muscle-bound wrestlers 
vying for an opportunity to 
go to the NAIA national 
tournament in Iowa. UCSD 
will be hosting Azusa 
College, Biola College, 
Southern California 
College, Cal Tech, 
Redlands, Claremont-
Mudd, Pomona, LaVerne, 
and Cal Lutheran for the 
qualifying tournament from 
11 a.m. to 5 p.m. . 

Jorge' Correa at 118 
pounds AS the defending 
champion . His teammates 
Richard Salompesy at 118 
pounds and Allan Ota at 
142 pounds are the most 
outstanding freshmen this 
year. Cood results halle 
been evident in Leroy 
McNair , John Duberg, 
Curtis Town, Jose Cueto and 
Don Jennings. 

In view of their recent 
victories over Azusa, 22-19 
and Redlands, 24-22, Coach 
Pat Pinkerton is confident 
his men are tough enough 
to pin their opponents and 
place tomorrow. 

by Johnno Stailht 

After a raucous potluck 
dinner with the UCSD Lady 
Ruggen, the Men's Rugby 
Team took on crosstown 
rivals, San Diego State last 
Saturday. A week of frantic 
preparation preceeded this 
event, the potluck dinner 
that is, and Lance "The 
Worrier" Delong spent 
many sober hours trying to 
get the UCSD Ruggers to 
take seriously the over-
shifted defense that the 
Aztecs would use. Little did 
he know that a blinding 
fljlsh of brilliant coun-
terstrategy would be 
conceived in the wee hours 
of Friday morning while the 
chief strategist let his dogs 
out for a leak. 

Strategy or coun-
terstrategy the game clearly 
belonged to " Butterball " 
Cates, who had 
collaborated with the 
Aztecs on a special play last 
year (yielded two scores), 
carried on the tradition with 
three tries off of that play. 
The play usually begins 
around the 25 yard line 
when Gates steals a bob-
bled ball from the Aztec 
scrum half who has gotten a 
lousy pass from his forward . 
Cates then flattens the 
scrum half with a hip, 
swerves around the wing 
and dilles into the endzone 

This tournament will be a for a score. The Aztecs can 
rigorous one, with non-stop still be found wandering 
action on three mats. So, around town muttering 
come over to the gym "Who is that guy?". Not to 
tomorrow and help the rest on his laurels, But-
officials or just sit and enjoy terball stumbled down the 
a group of top-notch field after inside center 
wrestlers flex their muscles . Scott Boughten broke for a 

. long run after the Aztecs 

I 
• 

Pur .. -Size Vigilant Alarm II The Answ_ 
Muggers. rapists and worse are not what you went to 
college for . We know it and the Vigilant Alarm knowl it. 
This amazing device, small enough for your pur .. , il set 
off by your touch (or his' and produces an ear shattering 
noise you can stake your reputation on . .•• and Itill 
keep it, Just two penlight batteries are all it takes 10 gilt 
it started and keep him SlOPped . No wires to connect, 
Comes in a complete kit for use on doors, windows and 
purse. With super simple instruction . 

SUPPLY LIMITED ••. MAIL THIS COUPON TODAYI 
I ,ncloM $5.00 for tech Vlg.lant Alarm. 
I understand tl'l.1 It I am not tOUIIIV' 
.tldied, J Will receive. complete refund 
If returned within 10 dey .. 

Family Jewels Ltd. 
3431_VI_A_ 
MI_ ... W_I_ 

NAME ______________________________ __ 
AODRESS ____________________________ __ 

CITY _STATE _____ ZIP 

forgot to cover him and had 
5 men guarding two of ours. 
Boughton could have 
scored easily himself but 
saw the Butterball lum-
bering along alone and then The initial battle for 
passed off t',l Cates for a woman-drawing charisma is 
record breaking fourth .try won by the jock's masculine 
,SO says Huberus Beaonma) attitude and a knowledge of 

he only other score of the women. 
afternoon for the Tritons 
c~e from . a gift penalty The primary need of a 
~lCk by SertlC 15 yards out jock-loving female is to be 
In front of the . posts. dominated. A true jock has Ju~glng from the Size and the ability to command his 
nOise lIolume from. ~he women to action at any 
crowd, a bunch of shrieking moment he desires. He is 
banshees, th-: game was capable of using and then 
thoroughly enJoyed by the recycling the unused 

s~ectators and . players portion continuously. The 
alike. SpeCial mention must jock has an apparent at-
be made about the play of titude of disdain for women 
Dick Stubbstrup who was which proves very 
knocked sen~eles~ by ~he gratifying in the long run . 
Aztecs and IS ~tlll asking The jock is always striving 
when we are gOing to play for athletic prowess and 
them. NEVER shows a need for a 

The U~SD Seconds female . This kind of 
turned out In huge numb~rs thinking captures women 
to count;r the massive easily as they vainly put 
Aztecs II s. The smaller their efforts into proving 
Trlt~ns managed to the jock's susceptability to d<;>ml~ate the behemoths their conniving ways. As a 
With fine play from Ray and result a true jock will 
Kevin Levin in the forwards NEVER EVER be seen 
and good running from all without a girl and always 
the · backs. UCSD scored maintains intimate contact 
fi:st on one of its patented with three or four different 
pirouette moves by ex- adoring females at the same 
Aztec John Berteous who moment in time 
had made his normal pre- . 
game preparations, yoga We have just been in-
and Schlitz . The game then formed that we are running 
see-sawed for quite a while low on space for this issue. 
until Tom Wright put the As a result, this week's 
Aztec wing in dire straight article will be run in two 
with an excellent kick. parts, with the second part 
Meister in his finest game appearing next Tuesday. 
yet blocked the wing's The remaining topics to be 
return kick and Tom Terrific cOllered include food, drink 

and dress. So, hold your 
continued on page 7 breaths until Tuesday . 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

COlOR PRO(£5S,"0 BY EUTMAN KOON( 
SALES. RIPAIRS • TRADES 

DISCOUNT PltIOS 
~IiCIA'/STli IN CANON ~UOTO"RA"H'C IYU'&MS 

ON~ 0' TH. '" ... ~T ,,"triON tw _ .-
caUI'M.wr ANI> ''-UII - '.A-rua __ 

M~'t.""'-.s. 

I 458·'.55 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
TTl" FI>.'f ""i. IF," ... ,10'", 1ft 1M'" \ LA. .lOLL" 

.. Your Ear-Radio Ii.SDT 
.continued from pqe 3 
The readlnl5 were presented by the 
School of the Art5<olumbia University. 
Produced by Ruth Rotlto of W~~I­
Pacifica-New York for the PaCifica 
Program Service. 

included speakers from the UCSD 
faculty, as well as the ACLU. 

Tuesday night, Feb. 26th, 9:00 pm 
Surprise Interview. 

Who- knows who this might 
be ... Franklin Ajaye~ The Peace Pilgrim? 
Frick? Irving Schmee? 7:00-9 :00 Potpourri A combination of 

album and artist spotlights ... this week-
among others, Jimmy. Buffett and ~bbi 
Humphrey ... along With some mUSICal 
news. 

Wednesday, Feb. 27th, 9:00 pm News, 
9:30 pm Old Friends 

A very touching portrayal .of old .age, 
through interviews with reSidents In a 
convalescence home and contemporary 
music . Produced by Jim. Came.ron, 
formerly of WL VR-FM-Lehlgh Unlver-
sity ... this program was a 1971 Armstrong 
Award Winner for the best documentary 
produced by a college station . 

9:00 pm All Good Men-The Beaver and 
krause Radio Show 

An original blend of music, con-
versation and philosophical thoughts 
surrounding the theme of "AII Good 
Men." From the studios of recording 
artists Beaver and Krause ... with Bobby 
Ocean (shades of the past.. .) and Beaver 
and Krause and friends . 

From the Internews Croup in Berkeley, 
a weekly wrap-up of international and 
domestic news. 

Monday night Feb. 25th, 9:00 pm 
News, 9:30 pm Impeachment Forum. 

Recorded a few weeks back ... this 
forum was sponsored by CAL-PIRG and 

So give us a listen .. .feedback is most 
definitely welcomed. Our phone number 
is 453-1221 (studio) or 453-2000, x1155. 
We're the Radio Free La Jolla Cang-
KSDT, in and for your ears. 

continued from pille 3 

Pirrazzini has done a fine job of prese.nt~ng this play in 
the round, in the intimate size of MISSion Playhouse. 
Norbert Ehrenfreund is well known all over San Diego 
for his fine acting, particularly at the Old Globe. 
Stephen Christopher was last seen at th~ Clobe as the 
gentleman caller in The Glass Menagerie. .. 

Amphitryon 31 will be showing at the MISSion 
Playhouse Friday and Saturday evenings at 8:00 P.M. 

Records continued from pale 3 
note you hear in many 
blues-based songs). He uses 
it in all types of situations, 
though; he'll floor you with 
some lightening-fast solo ' 
and then end abruptly on a 
vibrato note - the effect is 
unbelievable. Listen to 
Thirty Days (a Chuck Berry 
tune) off this album and see 
for yourself.. . 

Another thing ... Johnny 
Winter and Edgar Winter 
(his brother who adds some 
very effective keyboard and 
sax support on the album, 
especially on Feed-Back on 
Highway 101) are just about 
the most funky and soulful 
performers in the business 
today and you can't help 
but feel this when listening 
to this album . Every time 
Johnny belches a gutty 
"Rock On !" or ' "Yeah!" 
during or right before hi s 
dynamic solo breaks, he 
makes it hard for you to 
keep still. When not playing 
solos, he sets a funky hard-
driving pace for his songs . 

THE MOST 
EXPENSIVE HAIRCUT 

In town 
BUT YOU GET WHAT 

YOU PAY FORI 

-
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

EUROPE 
SPRING 

CHARTER 
$321 

RoundTrip 

LA~PARIS 
Iv. March 28 

11. September 3 

A...... OIII¥ Te UC8D. 
....... ,..,.., ...... ... 
",*1- .. I .. ....... 
C_" T ..... 0fIIea. 

,,, .. , ...... c...r, 
....... e...... 

--,. .. ""-......... 11'" 101 ...... _ .... .... 

Bad Luck Situation shows 
this admirably. 

Although he shows a step 
in the right direction on this 
album, Winter still has a 
ways to go in terms of 
lIersatility. It's very difficult 
for an accomplished 
guitarist to break out of aD 
established pattern of 
playing; he must constantly 
develop new ideas and 
deviations from the norm. 
By the time the album Still 
Alive and Wtll came out, 
one heard lIestiges of old 
solos from his previous 
albums; he seemed to be 
stuck in a rut. Well , the neKt 
album was going to be a 
crucial point in his 
recording career as far as 
his innovatille ability was 
concerned. He seems to 
have successfully eluded 
the monotonous Rod 
Stewart syndrome with this 
new album; there is suf-
ficient variation in guitar 
work and style to warrant 
praise and a hearty "carry 
on!" 

A proml .. from 

BEA PICKELL 
haircut specialist 

270-3076 
454-1710 

SPORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR SERVICE 

and 
AUTO UPHOLSTERY 

For All Cars 

CONSIDERA TlON 
TO STUDENTS 

7638 FAY AVENUE 
IN THE REAR 

LA PLLA, CALIF. 
454-1920 

Open Letter-
continued from pale 4 

the need to be alone. Under 
such circumstances, it is 
very healthy and fun to 
masturbate. If this is 
prevented by an irrational 
sentiment that mastur-
bation is perverted or 
childish, then either we will 
deny ourselves a seKual 
release that we may greatly 
crave, or we will seek out 
some person with whom we 
have little in common and 
take little real delight in 
(eKcept as a sexual outlet), 
and use this person's body 
as a masturbation aid . The 
process of maintaining such 
a relationship may involve 
considerable insincerity 
and repression of strong 
personal tastes. 
. Interpersonal sex is much 
more warm and meaningful 
when it is an eKpression of 
mutual delight and respect 
for the whole person . 
Unfortunately, it very often 
results instead from a desire 
to prove to oneself and 
others that one is a " real " 
man or " real " woman, and 
from a contempt and a fear 
for masturbation . Such 
superficia l relationships can 
provide fittle real security 
and promote an unhealthy 
dependence. 

In fairness, it should be 
admitted that in some cases 

RADUATE 
STUDENTS 

-SPORTS 
CARS 
-REDUCED 

RATES 
3212 GOVERNOR DR. 

SAN DIEGO 92122 
Phoner 4-n-7250 

STATE FARM 

INSURANCE 
~ 

a too great reliance on 
masturbation can be 
harmful. A shy person 
whose only form of sexual 
release was auto-eroticism 
might be better off if the 
pressure of sexual desire 
were to lead him to make 
the eKtra effort to find a 
congenial partner . This, 
however, does not seem 
sufficient to justify a 
negative attitlJde toward 
masturbation. Rather, we 
should make certain that 
we realize that congenial 
interpersonal relationships 
are extremely delightful and 
may lead to great personal 
growth. Masturbation as the 
ultimate or single solution 
is unfortunate, and rarely 
necessary. 

On the other hand, many 
people would be more 
interesting and creative if 
they were able to tolerate 
more aloneness. This would 
be possible if they could 
masturbate without shame. 

In summary, if all forms 
of sexuality were respected, 
people would be more 
independent and could 
develop fuller, more unique 
characters, while at the 
same time the depth and 
range of interpersonal 
relationships would be 
enhanced. 

Freud felt that by its very 
nature society was 
repressille . (He would have 
done well to point out that 
"the state of nature" can be 
even more repressive, th-
warting desires for food, 
clothing, shelter, health, 
etc.) The goal of social 
organization should be to 
minimize repression : to 
maximize the chance for 
and appreciation of sensual 
and intellectual pleasures, 
to minimiZe drudgery, 
insecurity and paralyzing 

fears . Negative social at-
titudes toward any form of 
sex are severely repressive, 
and we would do well to rid 
ourseilies of them . 

Now, Mr. Caldwell , if you 
still find this farCical , I beg 
to know why. 

But I'll agree with you on 
one thing . This is a rotten 
newspaper . 

Green Valleys 
con\inued from page 5 

Nigerian tribesmen send 
Care packages when the 
Mississippi floods , and the 
Iraqi people send aid when 
San Francisco is lelleled by 
an earthquake. Do not 
begrudge these exploited 
lands their moment of 
glory : for they will do better 
than us, and feeding upon 
'pur carcas they will build a 
better world, even as the 
Western World fed upon 
the carcas of the Creeks. 

America will be 
destroyed by the very thing 
that she has touted as her 
finest asset--the absurd 
luxuries that so many deem 
to be necessities . The Eagl~ 
has flown too close to the 
sun, the lion has out-
smarted himself, and the 
Fleur-de-lis ha~ wilted . 
Africa will inherit the Earth ; 
may she do well by it. 

Budget 
neKt year totally by the 
Registration Fee Com-
mittee. All other papers, 
Ran de Bronce, Freedom 
and the North Star, would 
be funded by T.U .S.C. The 
cost would amount to 
about 52.75 per student per 

Rugby ••• 
continued from page 6 

took it in for another score. 
Warren Stellens converted 
for a fi nal score of 10-4 
Tritons win . 

This week brings an 
historic first to UCSD and 
California Rugby with the 
first game between two 
women 's teams . The UCSD 
Women play Northridge at 
UC Irvine. The ladies have 
worked hard and have 
come to play a good and 
exciting quality of rugby. 
Their coaches have mar-
velled at the speed of their 
pick-tJp and moves both on 
and off the field . I n case 
you are wondering just who 
these ladies are, they can be 
seen wandering around 
campus on Friday cram-
ming butterfly nets into 
their stomachs. Should be a 
good one. 

Meanwhile the men 's 
teams also play at UCI 
against the Anteaters and 
Unicorns. 

continued from pilge one 

year. 
Anyone interested in 

these proposed allotments 
of student money should 
attend the T.U.S.C. meeting 
on Monday. As always t~e 
meetings are open to all 
students . 

A new film by 
Kurt Vonnegut 

"Mr. Vonnegut's night-
terrors -conformity. 
the military mind, tech-
nological despotism. 
begin stranded in 
Schenectady, NY. - are 
the bod dreams of 
most reasonable men 
and women ... a very 
funny hour and a half. 
- LIFE MAGAZINE 

FeatUring Bob and Roy, 
Bill Hickey and Kevin 
McCarthy. Directed by 
Fred Burzyk. Written 
by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. 

Frtday USB 2722 7: 30 &10: 00 pm 

SATURDAY 

GONE ARE THE DAYS 

BLACK GIRL 

US12722 7:30pm 11 .00 



I. 

,---~~-------------.;.-----announcements---......... 
friday 

Intornadonel Club Ie 
IPIIIwIIa .... to ...... _ that Dr. 

Cordl.r. p,...ntly a 
&...tuNr .. hrtlelev. 

......... nt ot CoIu ..... 
and paet a.-dve 1At_18IIt to the __ .... 'I a-.. 

the United .... _ apeak 
''I1i6 ..... R~ of the 

NetIone. H FtIdev. feb 22. 
P.M .. I ...... C1r. M.e. 

1" .... hm4111ta will be aervad. 

h •• r mar. .bout the 
.SclCloiogy D-. Fri Feb. 22 at 

~ MUIR Profaeaora 
end.raduote students will SNail. 
Comeleem about the MaJor .... 

by thIa department - what 
with • aocIoioey B.A. 
IE~oerv_ Wolcom. - proepectlve 

- ~ Interaetad 
I2/2ZI 

saturday 
CLUB will have two rI~ 

from Revell. Pia ••• Sat .t 
A.M. The long ride I •• bout 110 

mlln .nd wtll be to Graumont 
Canter to _ the blk. rally which 
I. f .. turlng blk. rae.. .nd .n 

dl.play. The .hort ride I. 
ml... round trip to 

D.m where lunch can be 
or bou.ht. Ev.ryone I. 

Iw.le.,m • . 121221 

sunday 
• u"' ........... m.A ......... 
mHla hePNnln. at Unlv 
L.utMr.n CIIurah. "ChrIet: a '-II 

~H_LeJoIII"'" 
Dr .• et NorUI Toney PI_ R"" 
nut to UCID. At I:JO .. m. end • 
p.m. . R_ CethoIo _ 
I2/2ZI 

"MORE .RIDGE TOUR-
NAMENTaIll ucao B"" Club 
r •• um.. .Ite r •• ular w •• kly 
toumementelun at 7:00 PM In the 
R."... N. Dlnlft8 HaiL Entry ... -
2Ic. For mora Info - Barry - __ 
,.. I2J22I 

monday 
All WOMEN Int.reeted In per-
tlclNtlng In e conacloue_ -
r.I.ln. .roup d.monetretlon. 
com. MON I21thI .... :. PM to 
M.ry Dhooga'e offIc. on Ravel .. 
CampUa I~ Rev. Can. Further 
Info: contact Connl. 412~ or 
Su." 4I3-tI22. 121221 

MON NIGHT MOVIE ''WHERE'S 
POPPAr' with G_,.. Segel .nd 
Ruth Gordon MUIR 6 AND DIME 
FEB. 21 'pm 121221 

Union of Jewl.h Stud.nt. 
plannln. mMting. UJS offlc • . 
Mon. Fib. 21. 7: • . All w.lcom • . 
12/221 

TUSC MEEDNG TIME The next 
meetln. will be on Monday 
F.bndlry 21 .t IPM In the MC2IO 
Conference Room. For further 
Information. call xaa. .nd w. 
will help you. A •• nda It.m. mu.t 
b •• t 2IOMC by Fri. Feb 22 ... 121221 

Can ....... tile Del Mer _ 
Counal John W... • NMoy H ____ Mon. Feb.. et 
12:00 In rm. 2111 .... 2 .. Mw •• 
; 1:00 In "..,.. Formal Lou ..... 
"II .. InwhIad to attend. 

ImllOl1ilnt T.U.'.C. IIIMt on MOlt 
..... • to deoIda funding for nut 
~. MMt at .. P.M. In. M.C. 
AIIIWhM. 

general 
All atudenta Im.rwtad In taking 
SclaMe Ie. IthIrd qua"., ,.....,. 
m.n cheml.tryl thl. .umm.r 
throu.h UCSO btenalon. ~ 
... n up by 4:00 p.m. Wed. Feb 'D. 
outIIda of Dr. Void'. office In 111M 
Uray H.IL The c .... can only be 
offered If enough ItUdenta plan to 
.nroll. 12/211 

HANDBAll ClUB - ANYONE 
INTERESTED IN FORMING A 
UCSD HANDBALL CLUB IS 
ASKED TO ATTEND A MEmNG 
ON THURS. Nm. FEB. 21 AT 7PM 
IN THE PE CLASSROOM. t-U" 
FURTHER INFO. PLEASE CON-
TACT JOHN CATES AT EXT. 2'DI 
OR HARRY AT EXT. ~. 12/211 

THE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 
COLLEGE ORGANIZA110N m .... 
ev.ry Thu,. In the Blak. Con-
f.ranc. Rm .t 7:00 All .ra 
welcom. 121211 

SEMINAR ON DORM PRIVACY 
WED. Feb. 'D 8-11 pm. Muir Flv. 
.nd Dim. R.phael Laven.. .t· 
tom.y will .nswer your qu .... ons 
• nd .peek on privacy rI.hta of 
dorm raIId.nt students. All UCSD 
ralldant .tudenta .nend. 121211 

aACKClAMMOfII CLUI • ANYONI 
INTIRDTID IN POIIM... A 
Uc.o IACKClAMMON CLUI .. 
..ED to CONTACT HARRY AT 
EXT. 2BI. I2nII 

The D-. of Hlatory wII ...-wt 
the film ''The I .... AngeI" - A .... 
cIMaIc. It II ....... b .... pIatu .. of eooIaI daaay _ well __ of 
the .,... .... 01 the a-
cinema. Rlntft8 Me ...... 0Ietrt0h 
.nd EmU J.nnlnge - on T-. Feb 
21th et 7 p.m. In Room 2D ~ 
F .... 12/211 

The EPISCOPAL STUDENTS wtH 
mMt for dinner Tu_ et 1:00 In the 
R.v.lI. South Dlnln. H.II. 
followed by .n Inform.1 dIac of 
p.ur. Letter to the Rom.ns. In 
B .. ke .. Every_ Ia welcom. to 
.ttend. 121211 

rhe Dept. of Hlltory will prlHftt 
the film "Bethune" - the story of • 
Caned"n MD who f_k_ hie 
career to HrYe the CIII_ 
Revolution - on Thurs. Feb 21th .t 
7 p.m. In Rm 20 2210. Free. 12/211 

UCSD Art G.I .. ry. " Heuristic 
Formulations". Sculpture by Ide 
Horowitz. Feb 21 . M.rch 111. 
Hours dally 12~ .nd 8-10 pm on 
Wed ev •. G.,1ery I. located In 1. 
H L B. Rev .... Campu.. 13111 

A 11ME FOR WOMEN to com. 
tog.ther or .'on. to talk about 
common or indlvidu.1 problem •. 
Id.... or I.au.. with women 
coun .. lorl .nd ataff. Every Tu ... 
from 1:30 - 3:30 P.M. Corner Offlc • • 
Revelle Commons. (Ell 

"YIaueI AItI: T .............. In 
tile Awnt GenIe fIem -..,... 
A ..... of ...... ,.. " eft .... 
and .......... LMturer. R ... 
......... Ipm In the Hu_ 
LIbrary A ........... feb •• feb" 
MenIh 4. and Marah n. Ipon. 
..... by the VIauM Ana Depart-
--. UCID. Free • open to tile 
pubIIo. 111121 

S •• Clinic. Wed . • ft Upm Revel .. 
Cou",-,ora Offic. lne.t to the 
Provo.t Offlc.1 xm-.. Counsellnll 
conc.rned with ... u.1 prob"m •. 
Judy Jorll.n .. n M.D. & HUll" 
P.t .. Ph.D. IE11 

Annou.--t: Starting next fall. 
U.C.S.D. could heva Ita flm 
wom_' field hockey teem. If 
you'd be Interaeted In p"vlng or 
would Juet like to know mora. 
there wtll be • short m .... ng In 
the P.E. cI_room on Tu .... Feb. 
21 .t 3:00 PM. If thla I. In-
convenient p'- ... n up In the 
locker room. 121211 

EXPERIMENTAL THEATRE 
LECTURE - MARK AMInN of the 
UNIVERSAL MOVEMENT 
THEATRE REPERTORY will 
PreHnt • lectura. work.hop •• nd 
film In 2-D. Rm. 2210. 3:30 pm. 
Thundey. F.b. 21. Sponsored by 
Dr.m. D.pt. .nd C.mpu. 
Program Board. 121211 

PLANNING TO TAKE THE LlAT 
SOON? If '0. yOU ml.ht be In-
terested In • 2-unlt Lit. 10 c .... 
beln. offered Sprln. Qu.rt.r. S .. 
the Schedu.. of C ... _ for 
datal". or Inqulra .t 20-211124. 
12/211 

,...., T ................. ....., 
.......... IIId -.ry ThIIrMay III 
Me I..., tile ..... detIonI fNftI 
I .. 1 w. pIIy _T. AM."' ...... 
our _n .am... N_oom ... 
walo_IE1I 

AME SFILMIE RIE S - WINTER 
QUARTE R 11.741 6 FEB. 
FUNDAMENTALS OF 
BOUNDARY LAYE R 12A min.I 
.nd RIVE R OF SAND 130 mln.1 
12 FEB. BOUNDARY LAYER 
CONTROL (21 mln.1 .nd 
WAVESACROSI THE PACIFIC 
1. FE B. FLOW INSTABILITIES 
127 mln.1 21 FEB . TUR -
BULE NCE 121 mln.1 II MAR . X-
RAY SPECTROSCOPY - the 
Insld. Story 121 mln.l PL4CE : 
R M 7104 UH TI ME : 12: 00.1: 00 
DAY : TUES. (31 III 

TASK FORCE COORDINATORS' 
MEET CHANGED to Tu_ et 4:00 In 
the Flah Bowl. 12/211 

1.t ANNUAL SWAP MEET FOR 
SURFERS AND SKIER.. SU 
AND SKI SWAP MEET 11ME: 
noon to 111m DAY: M.rch 11t 
PLACE: Rac. Rm In new .ym 
Brln. wl!etaver you _nt to 
.urfln •• nd .kllng. adml .. lon 
..... ,. 1.1Oc. Till. Ia .ponaorad 
the UCSD Surf .nd Ski Cluba 
Info. related to the cluba can 
•• ked .t the .w.p meet. 12/211 

ATTENTION A.A.S.A. meat Feb 'D 
Wed. 7:00 PM lower B .. ke H.II 
conf.renc. room. PI_. be there. 
(2/211 

---advertisements for ourselves ---------------~ 
for sale 

FOR SALE camplnll equip: 10 x 12 
tant Ilik. _I: two lant.rn.: 2-
burner prOpane .tov. with .tand: 
Ic. cheat 3 camp Itool. - .100.00 
Call Ann - Ext. 1873 121221 

1. Flat IIIiO Spld.r P''''. Cell 
Betty .t ..... or .1034. (2 /221 
DELUX 14 " N_port B_v.rull 
J.cket. Brand N_ IISdfisiI .. 
Mike 4Ii2-0487 12/221 

1. Cam.ro RS. 371 • • uto .• e.c. 
comproml .. c.r: .ood p_er but 
no gal hog 117 mp.1 217 .... 
121211 

St.r.o/ H.rmon K.rdon 230 
,.c.lv.r G.rrard 40B R.cord 
Ch.ng.r Mlnlqu.d Spkr-
• / Everythln. for .130 c.1I Don .t 
4&3-7387. 1P2I2I1 

For S.I.: Polaroid 420 cam.r. 
foeuNd fla.h .nd tlm.r - MIl call 
__ •• k for N.ne 12/221 

r7 Volvo 1 .... radl.I • . new brk. & 
clutch . .. or beat off.r. C.II Art 
X1. or 284-4100. 12/221 

ROSEMOUNT SKI BOOTS: t20 Nlkon Photomlc FTN. 110 mm f1.4. 
Siz. 10-11% . P.ul 412.1137 12/211 UNd. xlnt condition. mo or beat 

offer. 4I3.aJ7 .ftar I'M 121221 
• VW Camper V.n-xlnt. condo 
N_ engln •• Col.m.n .tov. Incl. 

,.1 • . 00 412-1716/Kurt 121211 

Uaad clarinet. xlnt. cond .. /off.r 
call Mlh ..... 12/211 

NEW STEREO EQUIP. FOR SALE 
MAJOR BRANDS DISCOUNT 
PRICES 4I3-121t MARTY LEAVE 
MESSAGE 121211 

Put .omethln ••• cltlnll betw .. n 
your 1 ... 1 71 N n on Cam.ndo I 
Mu.t S.II ~ D.vld 12/221 

wanted 

W.nted travel comp.nlon for triP 
Surfboard: Bonz.r' ft. . 4 In. XI"nt to .urop. IEn.l.nd. mo.tlyl 
Condo .... c.II272-1143 aft.r . . .. k W.".n -.m7 12/211 
for Ken. 121211 

WANTED: Rid. to Red"nd •• San 
SIIv., Flut.. SllIn.t by S.lm.r. B.rdoo.ree w .. k.nd of M.rch 2 
XI.nt condo .nd ton • . • 100. C.II .nd 3 C.II M.rk 413-1 ... (2121 277-" Aftar II. 12/211 

WANTED Good B & W portabl. 
18 FOOT ELECTRIC BOWLING TV. p.y c .. h. Must be r ... on.bl • . 
MACHINE. L1.hts UP. ball return.. C.II _-0701. (21211 
atc . .... call P.ul 4113-11121 12/211 

Rid. to B.nff. Canada ov.r b,..k. 
Kn.l .... Red Sta,.. No blndln... Or •• f.r •• ? Will .h.r ••. 7115-G1 
200cm, ... or off. 7I5-ai1 12/ 211 12/211 

4 .teal radl.1 tl,.. & c.mp.r .h.1I 
on '17 Ford % Ton PU. Sacrifice .t 
... 1 4Ii2-0701. (2/211 
3" REFLECTOR TEUSCOPE. fIB 
Wooden 6 ft. stand. Fin I.n .... 
.. k for P.ul 463-1152 . • 30. 12/211 

SKIS. 196cm w /Tyrol .. Bind . • 30. 
Ski boote. Humanic ail. D •• 20. 
274-0980 12/211 

n •• d rid.,. to ••• t co .. t 
.nywh.,. .round March 6. c.1I 
loul ••• t 447·"'. 1P2/ 211 

Stud who h.. conducted p.t 
clinic n .. d. h.lp In pl.cln. 
• nlm.I • . C.II 7I5-04Il now. 12/21 

Rid. need.d to Rlv.,.ld • . S.n 
Bardo ar.. w"k.nd. Will help 
with drlVlnll • • "p;;n= • St ..... J . 
zn.82I8. or •. 11156. (2 /211 

personal 
MI Reyna. Ev.n though It _ •• 
hHVY w .. k.nd. It w .. beautiful. 
becauu I -.,ent It with you. I lov. 
you. Young Child 121221 

From on. UN to the oth.r Un 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 12/221 

HI Scout. Aren't you glad I put thl. 
In the paper for you. (2/221 
H.ppy Birthday C.P.O. MI .. you 
n... qu.rter. Good luck. LC.F. 
(2/221 
H.lry: You'ra stili WRONG I Tricky 
Trlumvlrata 121221 

SHALLOW: In thl. particular c_. 
only .ub.t.nc. c.n cr •• t. 
r .. pact. Spock 12/221 

Green I. the color of my true 
lov.·. het. .11 .y .. 121221 

To the ·.nonymous guy In Doe 
Dorta· c .... ·: I love you madly I.nd 
.11 of your crezy f.....,dal .nd of 
cou,.. I'll be your V'''ntlne. Chili 
10m. wine .nd 1'11_ c"'n your 
room. Love forever. Tart 121221 

H.y S.B. w.tcher. If you w.nt to 
1I.ln 4.0 poundl. ..t pecan •. 
They'ra f.ttenln • . Then S.B. wtll 
hav. mora to _tch •• 0 will P.S .. 
V.B .. P.O .• G.B .• F.B .... ... Skinny 
12/221 

D .. r Puol-.lnc. w. c.n·t do • 
deep throat could w •• t I .... try • 
.h.llow mala,.? L Lovelac. 121221 

W.nted: .uev.. handeom. male 
with 4.0. DON't hid.. Liz .et 
tOIl.ther. Apply HL. 12/221 

Min 402 .0 b •• utlful. With 
.talned III ••• estuarl ••• But when 
I glZ. upon your brack .... I can 
.Imo.t _ your berrl .. 1 12/221 

BEARD PROGRESS REPORT 
mlch •• I: chln .. tlon.l. but blza" • . 
J.r: porcupln. prototyp.. boten: 
or •• nlc look epitomized. 12/221 

LB .nd HS: you·v. got what It 
uk .. 1 If It f.... good. grow It I 
12/221 

Well. obvloualy If mora peop" 
IIst.ned to Rick .nd Larry Man 8-
10 '.m. on the Racord Sh_. there 
wouldn't be .ny need for .11 theM 
perlonal • . 12/221 

Sweet ~ .11a. wltv - Million. 
of u. & .11 our lov •• nd kl_ for 
H.ppy 21.t·Hubby. 121221 

Roberto M.nd.z. Your S.D. O . • nd 
E. bill w .. found on c.mpu •• nd 
m.lled. 121221 

Mlk. M.Tune: I hata your .utalill 
But the ,... of you will do l!!!! 
flne. you benans you. much lov •• 
IiicJ. 12/221 
I n .. d BIG RIPE BANANAS for.n 
•• p.rlm.nt with my h.lry 
relation .. Must be .t ..... 12 .. S .. 
BBB 12/221 

I w.nt to ... ura everyone thet I 
.m not reelly .n IDIOTI .I.ned. 
Bob Ad.lakl. 12/221 

Gregold: Happy Blrthdayl H.v •• 
nlc. y .. r. Love. 210. I2J22I 

Thank-you. Sist., Geo,..: YOU 
ar. b •• utlful . I Lov. you. 
FELiCIDAD 12/221 

GEORGE- HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
AFTER ALL THIS IS YOUR DAY-
ALWAYS MAR114A 12/221 

housing 
Rmmt • . (M/FI To .hera La Jolla 
VII .... Apt. Smoker .nd pets ok 
C.II 412-0180 11m Keep Tryln. 
12/221 
W.nted Roommata to .hera 3 
bedroom FVR. hou .. In Catdlff 
with 2 .rad stud.nta. P'Oiii'"lt 
oe .. n vl_. Cell D.n 1I3-G11 or 
4113-2000 xZmI . • 1071 mth 12/221 

qMMTE NEEDED: OWN BEDRM 
40 mo In houae overtook In. 
MI .. lon B.y - 2011 G.rfI.ld. 278-
121. D.n 12/211 

STUDIO APT . Del M.r Hta evall 
for stud.nt In .xchen.. for 
lI.rd.nln. .nd .mall rent. Non-
.mok.r non·drlnk.r 7l1li-34111 
12/211 

services 
HANG-GLIDING LESSONS 
LEARN HOW ON SAND DUNESI 

Lost: Pop Blo 173 notw on 2114 In 
'D22 Ired aptral notebookl Tum 
Into TT off or call -..z.. IM-
PORTANT 121221 

.16 7l1li-3121 121221 LOST: black w.11It In HL Aud or 
neer PI_ call _ -100II Thankel 

RIDES AND RIDERS To .ny city • 
USA. C.nada. M.xlco Skl.ra to 
M.mmoth. T.ho. atc. Otto C.r 
Poo" tiI2-121O _ EI C.Jon Blvd. 
S.n 01.110 W. .1.0 .rr.n •• 
LOCAL POOLS 1P2I2I1 

121221 

LOST: lab book· W""'e SlIIIIt 
tltltlyt Clmnlltrv In HL 11 ... at 
week. ,pLEASE "'v •• t TT office. 
121221 

LOST 1 Two Tone B~n W.11et 
Muir Dorm •• Wed Feb. 14 D.vld 
Everldg. 413-1727 121221 

TYPING - MARILYN would like to 
type your peper. thwIa. etc. She I. 
.. p.rl.nc.d on .11 typ.. of 
papers. f.... _onsb ... nd hili 
.n IBM. C"lremont .ree. P'- LOST: PhyelCl Notebook on 2113 
call her .t -'71180. IP2I221 blk & white. .raph p. P'-

. return to _ D. Ana ph . ...,. 
121221 

A pelr of man'. wlra rim ... _ 
found betwHn gym & biology 
bldg. contact IT offIc.. I2J22I 

PIANO LESSONS. JUILLIARD 
trained. .xP. t_her. B .... Adv. 
Mualc fundaments .. tau.ht In • 
w.y thet wtll challenge .nd 
develop your cNetlvlty. Call 'DO-
" . IP2I2I1 found In USB 'D22; three rings call 

to Identify. M.ry _ .170 12/221 TYPIST. F .... 4IIc • page. Call __ 
I'D2 121211 

Incom. tax servlc • . dlacount for 
studanta. staff or f.culty. 7II-IZII 
.fter 2. I PI ETI 

lost & found 
Loat on campus 2112. •• old crOll 
pen with DEE Inscribed on It. Call 
...... or return to T.T. office . 
121221 

To the Owner wht. glrta peugeot 
10 'P. by .r.o offIc. retum mine 
.. ,,.0 .... 121211 

LOST: MENS BROWN WALLET In 
the N_ Gym. Need urgently. Call 
. J .L Gutlerre •• ~71130. 121211 

LOST: .11ver bracelet with blu. 
.namel In new rae gym. call ~ 
Il103 lat. eva. 12/211 

Lost: • pipe with • cork In It 2722. 
1pm two _ka '.0. rawrd no 
q.ta. M .. or Mike _ ... 121211 

Will the penon who took two 
bethlngeulta from locker 1 .. 
P ..... return them to 1he cage. If 
you have .ny corwoiencel 121221 

Found In women'. bethroom 
out.ld. USB 2722 • Cro •• 
.utomatlc pencil. Call 2JO.47I2 
12/221 

BUS TICKETS ON UCSD CAM-
PUS Greyhound. Am.rlp .... 
M.xlco SSW TRAVEl OFfICE 412-
GaO 1P3/111 

BOOK YOUR SPRING RESER-
VA110NS WITH SAM HOUSE of 
TRAVEL ....... - NO CHARGEI 
1P3/1., 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA. 
Stud.nt fll.htl .11 VHr round. 
CONTACT: ISCA . ... Unlver"ty 
Av • . #11 San 01 •• 0. C.llf. 121111. 
Tel: 17141 217-3010. (2131 ___ 
(P3/1" FOR SALE. Suzuki 2IiI) Scremb"r. 

.200 or off.r. C.II .• ' 71115-1231 
(2/211 

M .. fleld P."I.h boo~ . Co.t 26 .. II 
20. Tom box 4711 Sci",. a_h. 
12/ 211 

VAN FOR SALE: 71 Ford Superv.n 
302 Autom.tlc t27IiO/Bnt off for 
datel" call 753-7I2t4. 12/211 

l •• vln. for M.xlco City .t quart.r 
b,..k. W.nt Comp.ny. MIF C.II 
Sua .t 462·1. or Ext 1211 12/211 

MAYFAIR BINGO. SPLIT •• NEED 
0-4 •• 1000: S-2. B·1 • • 100: N·3. tIiO 
U·2 . • 20: oth.,. c.1I 412-81136 (2 /221 

J.n.: A f_ weak •• go you war. 
on the Revell. plaza lawn reedlnll 
Nlebla whll. I .katched you. I. 
th.r. .ny w.y w. c.n .et In 
touch? I think I'm In lov • . Reply 
thru p.,.on.I.. The Artl.t. 12/221 

Rmmta Needed To Shera 2 BR 
Hou .. In PB. __ per month & 

~ utilltl ... Fenced Y.rd. pete ok 
;no..-n .fter 6 - _ 80 _ 12/211 

M.ture f.m ItUdent w.ntad to 
.hera I,. hom. In ClelramOflt. 
Own BR. "/mo & utll m.-
1P3/11 

LOST: Blu. .plr.1 not.book. 
IMPORTANT. P'- call 'D"" 
or retum to TT offIc • . 12/211 

LOST-1 RED DOWN MITTEN AT 
MUIR ON 211. IF FOUND. CON-
TACT PETER AT 411-0lIl. 
REWARDIII 121211 

SSW TRAVEL OFFICE ON 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS In -
t.rnatlon.1 C.nt.r 462-0130. 10-
12ern d.lly. 2-6pm MWF. Ch.rt • ., 
fllghta. Int' l 10 C.rda. Eurall. 
Trlppln •• Gr.yhound. PSA • • Irllna 
tlckata & atc. 1P2~ 191 

1114 Vell.nt .1110 or off.r. R.pelr 
m.nual Includ.d. Runa good but 
need. e little work. ...... Aft.r 
• pm. 12/211 

Volunt •• ,. N .. d.d ( •• p.cl.lly 
Blick m.I"' to work with 1 ... _ 
ch.nc •• '.m.-.ged klde 2·3 h,. . • 
wk. In Linda VI ... & Downtown 
.r .... C.II m.m1 or 231-1.1 
IP2I221 

FOR SALE: 1_ BMW. R-tO 1Il00 Outdoor Black Afghan Nead. 
ccl loaded. IiO mH • •• 11ent condo hom.. Am dnparat.1 Exc.lI.nt 
_ . -..z 12/211 dl.poslt lon m ·1072 (2 /22) 

S.F .. I loved the card. n_ how 
.bout you? Who .r. you? M. 12/221 

MC: WHILE YOU WERE OUT 
SATURDAY NIGHT ... (21221 

Scott I w.nt your bodyl Love. 
Sam (2 /221 
Someone who .he,.. mey not 
.lwIye cera. -Peter Derail 121221 

t22IO 2BR. 1 be. cpta. drpa. bitt",. 
lock.bIe ....... pool. k.. ok. 
UnIv. City ..... aft I pm. 
IP2I221 

Fern. rmmt • . ~ to ...,. rm. 
In houH 0 .. Mar _ .. uti. Cell 
.... _ . 121211 

Lost: Hooclad blue --.Nrt In 
2122. It'- cell Dave et -'77& 
121211 

HltGhhlk., who left two IpenIah 
book. end ..... pen In my oar: 
they ere et Loet .nd Found et 
Campus Pun. Vaya oon DIoa. 
12/211 

FlI.hta Y_ Round Eu;ON. A .... 
l.reeJ. Contact: ISTC. 323 N. 
Bev.rty Dr.. Beverly HII... C .. 
.10 Ph 12131 271-1110 1P311 

EurON. I.~ ....... n LOW COlT 
FLIGHTS AVAILABLE FOR ALL 
TRAVEL NUDS A.I .S .T. 1411 ' . 
LA CIENGIGA Blvd. LA Call I21It 
112-'D27 I714l ......a3 1"/111 


