
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

... LL .... L.I A I0Il ••• 

The Triton Time. Tricky Dick Game 
For those of you who Are old hAnds At reAdinl the Triton Times, our rAther 

cynicAl InterpretAtions of the externAl world AIOund us should come AS Absolutely 
no surprise. But for those of you who Are not fAmiliAr with our cyniCAl WeltAn-
schAuuna, such feelinp on our PArt should Also corne as no surprise to you either. 

Previously, some of our more candid looks At the actions of our national leaders 
have taken the fonn of movies. Remember the IlorieS and virtues of PUce With 
tiJmg[ And The Watcrute TAP, both of which appeared upon our illustrious pales 
last year. 

Now we offer All of you IOmethinl which should certAinly occupy most of your 
fifteen or twenty minutes of spare time durinl finals week. Namely, Tricky Dick's 
T~th And Consequences Game. See if you can beat the reAper, or SAm Ervin or 
Helen Thornil •. See' if you hilVe what it tAkes to become Dictiltor of AmeriCii. After 
all, ifs not thilt easy, and even the slilhtest failure could render you inoperative ad 
infinitum. So, without any further ildo, tum to pales 5-7, ilnd on with the show. 

Volume 21, Number 19 Tuesday, March 12, 1974 

HOUSING SHORTAGES 

UCSD's Musical Dormitories 
by Hannah Cohen apartme nt . 

Acco rd ing to La rry 
Housi ng becam e a Barrett, Housi ng a nd Fo od 

critical problem for UCSD Service Adm ini strator, t he 
on ly in the last year but it Revelle dorms will be 65 
wi ll continue as such next percent Freshman and 35 
year because of the con- percent other classes, Th ird 
ti nu e d growth of the College will have a 5(}5O 
university. This will mean split between freshmen and 
that at least 600 students other classes and Muir's 
wi ll ei ther be unable to figures are expected to be a 
obtain on campus housing compromise between Third 
or will be housed on a and Re velle . 
campu s other than where Barrett attributes the 
they are registered . greater number of Fresh-

A prime factor in next man at Revelle to its in-
year's housing squeeze is coming Fourth Coll e ge 
the opening of Fourth population. 
College, because no new On Marc h 7, the Hous ing 
housing is scheduled to and Food Service Advisory 
open until sometime during Committee, which is made 
Fa ll Quarter 75 . According up both housing ad-
to Ri ck Bayer, the Assistant ministrators and student 

university's cost of liVing 
raise to a ll employees, and 
that t he price of utilities has 
gone up 6 V. percent. 

Accord i ng to Barrett, 
there is a clause in the 
hou si ng co nt ract wh ic h 
states that the un iversity 
has the right to ra ise or 
lower the housi ng ra tes 5 
pe rcent duri ng the m idst of 
the academic year if it 
needs to do so . Su ch a 
c hange would be an -
nounced 30 days prior to 
the quarter it would take 
effect in . UCSD has never 
used this clause because in 
the past it has adequately 
predicted what the costs 
will bE" for the coming year. 
continued on page 11 

UC Students Get 
858 million; Support 
Per Student Decreases 

Dur ing the 1972-73 
school yea r 38,000 students 
of the University of 
California received a n a ll 
time high of S58.9 m ill ion in 
f inanc ial ai d fr o m 
University-controll ed sour-
ces. However there are 
trends wh ich may bri ng 
about a serious change in 
the fina ncial aids picture. 
These trends were reported 
las t mont h by Robert 
Johnson, UC Vice President 
un iversi ty re lations, to the 
Board of Regents Com-
mittee o n Fi nance . 

A m ajo r p roblem 
reported by Johnson is that 
whereas the total amount of 
fi nancia l aid has conti nued 
to grow for the last five 
years, actua l support per 
st uden t has dec reased . 
Since 196&-69 the number 
of stude nts receivi ng aid 
has inc reased 44.5 percent 
wh ile fi nancial aid funds 
have increased only 24 
percent, a nd the small 
increase in the average 
award per student was 4 
percent less than the cost of 
living increase. 

A second concern 
reported by Johnson is that 

congressional appropriations 
have remained unchanged 
while the number of in-
stitutions competing for 
funds has increased 64 
percent from 1961 to 1971 . 
Federal fe llo I ips and 
traineeships, a major source 
of aid for graduate students, 
were cutback S2.8 million 
at the UC fo r 1973-74 and 
there is no indicat ion that 
the fu nds will be restored, 
Johnson stated . The new ' 
fede ral Basic Educational 
Oppor t unit y Gra nt s 
program (BEOG ) has been . 
in c reased four-fold for 
1974-75, John son co n-
tinued, but because BEOG 
fundin g is still short of full 
funding for all e ligib le 
undergraduates, th e bill 
restricts the program in 
1974-75 to full t ime fresh-
me n and sophomores . 

What Johnson considers 
the most signifi cant trend 

orought about by the 
reductions in Federal 
funding levels over the past 
five years has been the 
increasi ng dependence on 
University funds , (eg . 
Opportunity fund and 
registration fees) . In 1968-
69 , 31 percent of all 
University controlled aid 
came from University funds 
and the balance from 
federal funds, however by 
1972-73 the University' s 
share had increased to 52 
percent and Johnson stated, 
"there is no reason to 
assume it wi II not increase 
further." 

When Ms . Talley 
Wickstrom of the U.C.S.D . 
fi nancial aids office was 
asked how the above trends 
ar affecting the financial 
outlook for the 1974-75 

school year she replied 
that the outlook was good, 
however the exact amount 

ha~ not b en d terminE"d 
since the U.CS D. appeal 
for federal funding has not 
been completed yet. 

A new Director of 
FinanCial Services for 
U C.S D , Mr. Tom Rutter 
will be assuming hi s duties 
as of March 11 Rutter 
comes form U.C DaVIS 
were he was the Assistant 
Director of Financial Aids. 

Those students who have 
applied for finacial aid for 
the 1974-75 school year will 
be receiving a newsletter 
issued by the financial aids 
office next week, which will 
give the student more 
information concerning his 
financial status. 

IMPACT STATEMENT 

'Negative' Again 
Responding to a request two weeks ago from the 

Comprehensive Planning O rganization [CPO), UCSD 
has submitted to that group an envi ro nmental impact 
report for the first phase of the construction of Thi rd 
College. 

The impact report reiterates the university's previous 
claim that the construction of the 512.5 million first 
phase will have no adverse effect on the environme"t . 
[TT, Feb. 26. 1 

The CPO h d rejected UCSO's request to accept the 
school's negative uecla ration, unaccompanied by a 
report, because ' it felt the construction would c re ate 
traffic flow and pollution problems. The ho using project 
that will complement the first phase will accommodate 
250 students, only half the number that will use tbe 
academic facilities. 

The university as a state agency is exempt from the 
CPO's demands, but Chancellor William McElroy said 
he wanted to cooperate with the environmental 
organization. Though the CPO had requested a report 
for the entire Third College construction project, 
composed of three academic units and ilCcompanying 
housing facilities, McElroy Silid such a report would 
delilY the beginning of construction up to a year, thus 
causing an increase in cost and a hampering in plans for 
both Third and Fourth Colleges. 

Jack Rule, UCSD architect, said, " Before we begin 
construction on phases two ilnd three, we will submit an 
environmental impact report on Third College and all 
other future developments of the University of 
California in the San Diego region ." 

Res ide nt Dean at Revelle, representatives, dec ided 
144 Resident Hall spaces at upon th e ir recom -
Reve lle will be alloted to mendations for the housing 
Fourth College students rates for '74-'75. Th e 
plus two Residents Assistant decision was made without 
spaces. the presence of any student 

USIU: When the Benefits of Tolerance? 

No space s at Th i rd representatives . 
Co ll ege or Muir will be T h e c omm itt ee's 
a lloted to Fourth College recomm e ndation s co n-
st ud e nts . However , 40 , sisted of a S150 rate in-
Reve ll e and 40 Muir crease for the dormitories, a 
students will be housed at S50 increase for the Third 
Third College and another and Muir College Apart-
82 Reve lle students will be me nts and a S5 across the 
ho used at Muir. board 'i ncrease for the Coast 

The Revelle and Muir and Mesa Apartme nts . This 
Res ide nt Deans predict that will mean that the double 
some 150 Revelle and 150 room dorm rates will go 
Mu ir students who request from S1296 to S1431. The 
housing will be unable to be Third a nd Muir Apartme nt 
accommadated on campus rates will go from S706 to 
next year. Ed Tafaya, the 5758 . The Coast Mesa 
Third College Resident Apartme nts will be 585 for a 
Dean, predicts that all Third studio 5105 for a one 
College students who bedr~m , 5115 fo,c a 2 
req,uest housing will be able bedroom Coast apartment 
to be housed. and 5125 for a two bedroom 

Babs Baker, the Assistant Mesa apartment. 
Resident Dean at Muir, says Barrett attributes the rate 
that for the first time hikes to inflation . He 
students will be assilned to pointed out that the price 
the Muir Apartments in- of food is expected to 80 up 
cludinl Muir Freshman . from 15 to 16 percent in the 
Formerly, a IfOUP of upper next year, that the price of 
Revelle and Muir classmen lmar has lone up 10 
would apply to rent each peram because of the 

by John Taylor 

Althoug h the theory that 
cuts in c urricul um at United 
States In ter n a t io na l 
Uni vE" rsity a re philosophica l 
ra the r than finanCial 
ee m s to satis ty mos t 

peopl e, t he re m ay be 

This is the second in a 
two part series dealing with 
USIU. 

rea on that do n' t filter 
down to the mass of 
students . r or instance, a 
Imember of the CUrriculum 
comm ittee th a t made 
recomme ndation to the 
Trustee (the me mber asked 
not to be identified) in-
di cated a tendency toward 
eliminating d isc iplines in 
which the univers ity could 
not ('xcel . He said that 
UCSO's physics department 
"is so 800d that it would be 
impossible for u to try to 
dupl iute it ." He eemed to 
beliew!, without regret, that 
this ~iCV could be taken 

to the point ot eliminating 
every di s ipline, if they 
were een as les than 
excelle nt He di mis ed the 
a ll egation that the major 
we re e l im inated for 
financ ial reason~ 

Ce rta in p ro fe ors , 
amon~ th('m Thurma n Koss 
a nd Rob e rt Bo , bo th 
professors of religion and 

b o th . me mb e r of the 
Con e rned ra ulty group, 
have not been granted 
te nur .(Ko ha not been 
reh ired for ne t year) Th('re 
i orn e pntin1t'nt , 
e .. p la lly .1monl; ,tudell". 
tha t Ru t does not retarn on 

h i~ faru lty tho E" lem('nt<, 
not suppor t Ive of h i 
po li ie Dr Wood row 

Whitt n. a prvfe~r at 
lU dnOlllWI orgdlllLt:'1 III 

the facult a~~ociatlon that 
tllf'Cl the ~Ult , ~<1ld , aftpr the 

IU cad ml pnate (40 
percent admlOl\triltl f' and 
bO percent fa ult\ , of whICh 
l() pN ent are on ear-to 
\I'M (Ontrd( t~ l votf'd 

continued on pilKe 2 



Who's Who at UCSD 
This Year, UCSD has been requested to submit Junior, 

Senior, ilnd Graduate Student nominees to 'Who's Who 
Among Students in American Universities and Colleges. 
We are now requesting members of the UCSD com-
munity to nominate students to receive this honor. It is 
our intention to use these positions to honor students 
who have made outstanding contributions to our 
campus and/ or to the Sa'n Diego community. 

Nomiroation forms will be available at the College 
Dean's Offices, Graduate Dean's office, EDNA, and at 
250 Matthews Campus. Please return the petition prior 
to the start of Spring Quarter. If we are to effectively 
honor our most outstanding Juniors, Seniors and 
Graduate Students, active participation on the part of 
all UCSD community members is needed . 

Aborigine Power 
(Brian Toohey, Christian Science Monitor) The 
~ustralian aborigine, for so tong politically silent, is 
flnall y speaking out. 

When Queen Elizabeth II opened the new session of 
the Australian 'Parliament on.. Feb. 28 the traditional 
ceremonial embellishments were ac~ompanied by a 
new factor on the political scene-a demonstration by 
approximately 200 angry Australian aborigines . 

And as the Queen spoke, only a few miles away the 
ac~ing head of the Aboriginal Affairs Department was 
being held at gunpoint by three aborigines and forced to 
listen to their complaints . 

This marked the first use of firearms as a political act 
from Australian aborigines. 

The Australian public now is becoming increasingly 
aware of a growing militancy and articulateness from a 
race, which when noticed at all was long regarded as 
characterized by a passive and helpless forbearance. 

It remains to be seen whether these attitudes will 
change, or whether the aborigines again will be able to 
expand their capacity for self help, as a result of the 
new-style politics of confrontation and heated rhetoric 
now gaining strength among Australia 's aborigines . 

"Supercop" 
The counter-culture has its "Fabulous Furry Freak 

Brothers" to read, so it was just a matter of time before 
American policemen were provided with their own 
comic strip. 

All-media associates, a Dearborn, Michigan , 
publishing house for police newspapers across the 
United States, has come up with a comic hero known as 
"supercop". 

The new hero is that usually mild-mannered police 
officer on a city police force named "Frank Farber." 
However, according to the comic strip, as a soldier in 
Vietnam, Farber had been exposed to shOts from a 
(Quote) "Vietcong ray gun that left an unknown sub-
stance in his body." 

Whenever Farber senses injustice, adrenalin flows 
through his veins and combines with the mysterious ray 
gun substance to change him into an incredibly strong 
"Supercop". 

To return to his normal se lf, " Supercop" merely 
mumbles the secret phrase (quote) "law and order" -
and, presto, he is mild-mannered officer Frank Farber. 

All-media associates reports that policemen across 
the country j'Js f love their new comic hero . 

Bod} Vocal Expression 
" Free Your Voice" is the title of a new course to be 

offered sprin~ quarter by UCSD Extension . 
Karen Kerr pIe, a voice coach and stage arts teacher. 

will be the instructor Thursday evenings in Room 3050B 
of USB on th ~ ~evelle campus. beginnin~ on April 4 at 7 
p.m. 

During a ten-week period Ms. Kemple will work with 
students to achieve involvement of the whole body in 
vocal expression . Vocal tone and articulation will be 
attended to. but emphasis will be on body movement. 
posture, exercises. and breath control based on the 
Alexander Method. 

People in music. drama. politics, law. business or 
other activities where sp ch is important are n-
couraged to enroll 

For enrollment information please tel phon the 
rxtE'n~ion offiCE' at 4,)1-2000. extension 20C 1. 

Pap 2 Triton Times, March 12, 1974 

Alchemy Studl .. realitY . However, through 
an interim period of 
discipline and training at 
AMU, individuals through 
practical application learn 
to solve their own problems 
by realizing their intrinsic 
worth and capability." 

Studies in Alchemy, the 
Law of Cycles, and the Path 
"f Discipleship are among 
the courses offered by The 
Summit Lighthouse in Santa 
Barbara. A multi-purposed 
humanitarian activity, The 
Summit lighthouse is 
dedicated first to the 
development of the 
unlimited spiritual potential 
of man, and second. to the 
bringing-forth of such 
progressive revelation as 
will assist the individual to 
unfold his character L 
ideals, and understanding 

Ad Policy 
Triton Time's classified 

ads are free to UCSD 
undergraduate and 
graduate students only . 
Such student ads should 
be accompanied by the 
student's name and a valid 
student I D number. 

Those ads that do not 
follow this policy. or that 
do not conform to lien 
and space limitations will 
be discarded . 

MQre informaton, and 
rates for nonstudent ads 
may be obtained by 
cailling 453-2000. X1016. 

of cosmic law. 
College stuaents 

throughout the United 
States are attending the 12-
week seminars at the 
Ascended Master University 
for at least one quarter 
before returning to studies 
at their respective schools. 
Cary Haykin, a UCLA 
senior, commented : "As 
individuals. by means of a 
college education, strive to 
perceive reality, many 
through lack of perception 
fail to out-picture that 
which they deSire most -

Applications are now 
being . accepted .for the 
spring session, which belins 
April 1, 1974. For further 
information write to : 
Ascended Master 
University, 2112 Santa 
Barbara Street, Santa 
Barbara. California 93105. 

Off the Violence Center 
Any work on the "Center for the Study and Reduction 

of Violence" should be halted, and the project aban-
doned, according to 2.843 (59.3 percent) of 4,796 UClA 
students who voted in a two-day referendum held 
February 27 and 28. 

Opponents feared that the "Center's" planned studies 
would place an inordinate amount of blame on the 
individual rather than on soc ial and environmental 
causes of violence. They were also alarmed by the 
prospect of psychosurgery, the. process by which 
behavior can be modified by removal or alternation of 
certa in brain tissues. and that methods developed will 
be usep against minority groups and political dissidents . 

Proponents of the "Center" have denied charges that 
psychosurgery will be performed, planned , or studied at 
any time or place . They also point out that the "Center" 
was designed to study the pathologically violent in-
dividual with a view towards early diagnosis, treatment, 
and prevention of violent behavior and its con-
,equences. 

Muir GE 
Requirements 

There's been a chanle in 
the course sequences 
applicable to the Muir 
College Ceneral Education 
requirement. One sequence 
which had previouslv been 
approved for meeting the 
Fine Arts requirement was 
Visual Arts 14 (three 
quarters with different 
letter suffixes). However, 
Visual Arts. 14 will not be 
offered during the Spring 
Quarter. Students who have 
taken two quarters of Visual 
Arts 14 induding Visual 
Arts 140. The Art of India. 
may complete their 
sequence with ~ Visual 
Arts 125, Advanced Art of 
India, or with Visual Arts 
10. Introductio.n to Art. 

Students who have taken 
Visual Arts 15A and 156 
may if they wish elect 
Visual Arts 10 to complete 
their sequence. Alter-
natively, they may com-
plete the sequence with 
Visual Arts 1SC. 

A student who takes any 
of the options described 
above need not take any 
special action such as 
submitting a petition ; all of 
the described sequences 
will automatically be 
regarded as fulfilling the 

USIU 111 Be fi f T I ? Muir College General : e ne ts 0 0 erance. Education Requirement in Fine Arts . These changes do 
continued from page 1 conclusions that many have a lockeroom waiting not affect people who 

. would say were obvious . for them. and the basketball already completed their 
against.!he suit, that " the team expects a gym . (USIU Fine Arts requirement. 
quickest way to get fired The most recent rock to teams have been using 
out here is to criticize fall came from the Federal other schools' athletic 
President Rust " government . when the facilities - UCSD was often Letters 

lawsuit Department of Health . 'home' for the basketball 
The suit alleges that Education and W elfare team .) Dance and drama continued from pale 8 

$200.000 in pension and decided on Feb. 4 to ·students, who have been on March 21st at 1:30pm in 
hospitalization funds paid withold $2.8 million for thi s taking their classes in the Blake Conference 
by both the faculty and the summer's building until it is tril:ilers this year, will expect Room . Contact Larry 
administration , were sure USIU has the $1 .6 to have an arts center to Barrett. chairman of the 
deposited late or not at illl million with whi ch it is learn in . And professors will Housing Committee and 
The school denies any supposed to match the expect to be paid regularly . . Director of Food and 
mismanagement; USIU government money . " They If these expectations Housing to express your 
vice-president Robert Dunn say they' re ready to go," aren't met. people may views and to receive further 
said benefits were paid in Dr. John Muarry. Sa" begin to wonder when information . 

Bill and Jennie McCallum 
' full for retiring teachers, Francisco program officer they'll receive the benefits 
and that the school was in for HEW. "but before we let of tolerance. 
no danger of having its them go to bid. we want to 
insurance programs ca n- make sure they're in good 
celled . " I suppose the financial standing." 
alternative would be to pay The university said it 
their pension plans but not would not comment for at 
their salaries." he said. least a week, until final 
Some teachers seem to building plans are released . 
believe they deserve both ; USIU now has seven 
the group filing suit months to complete the 

~stimates its (anonymous) buildings (which .include a 
support to be 50 faculty physical education facility, 

Alt~t'Ilative Communities 

members . I The Students a earning resource center. 
and an extended learning 

" The , tudents of USIU facility) by the opening of 
....ould." Palmiatto said. the next school year . The 
" like to know more than students at USIU now 
they're finding out". A expect the buildings by 
recent open letter. signed then. and incoming 
'Concerned Students of students will be looking for 
USIU' . expressed a desire to "excellent facilities." 
have the student body 
"informed of the problems A fourth building is al~o 
of USI U and not be planned. for USIU's school 
overlooked as mirages ." of performing arts. which 
Students have asked fairly will require $1 .1 million for 
pointed questions at the the goverllm~nt and 
open meetings, and many 
have obviously not been 
satisfied with the answers. 
One student was concerned 
with the future of the 
school in the face of " this 
mass of bad publicity"; 
others questioned the 
curri cu lum c hanges . Those 
who asked about the law 

~ uit were usually not an-
swered . The school paper 
deftly holds the middl of 
the road, neither ignoring 
problems nor jumping to 

SS66.300 from USI U . 
Thus, the future is un-

sure. The recent history of 
USIU is one of emerging 
from the crisis only to have 
another waiting around the 
corner . The school 's 
students and teachers have 
been remarkably tolerant so 
far. but the law suit and its 
number of alleged sup-
p9fters would indicate a 
wearing of that tolerance. 

And . next September, the 
football team expects to 

Upper division undergraduate and graduate 
,; tudents of all disciplines are invited to participate in a 
special "working seminar" on setting up alternative 
comm un ities. 

Four units 198 or 298 credit are offered by the 
~ontemporary Issues dept. for work on the project 
which will be a Spring quarter course entitled 
"Blueprint for Collective living." 

Present societal problems such as materialism, break-
down of personal relationships, economic and social 
inequality. power concentration and job alienation will 
be dealt: with . 

Interested individuals are 'urged to sign the interest 
sh~et available in the Contemporary Issues Office as 
soon as possible since the seminar size will be limited itt 
size. Questions can be answered by calling Steve Brault 
- 283-4009 eves . or the c.1. office, John Muir College, 
2105 20. 

• • 

AIDA 
I. comln. 

April 13 

COMMUNITY 
·BLOOD BANI( 

3'17 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forserwke 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:4S-:-S:lO 

CI05edSun. 
233-6481 

The Top Ten Co ... mandments 
BookH 

Moses soon got over his initial surprise 
at the discoverY of his Hebrew birth 
and subsequent life. 

"Of course. this changes things. 
Purina." 

Purina's tears walked down her pock 
marked cheeks . "Oh, Moses, Moses! It 
doesn't matter, no one shall ever know." 

"You make it sound like I'm a leper, or 
have some terrible disease." Moses 
answered hotly. 

"That's another thing I wanted to talk 
to you about . . . " Purina minced. 

" Don't bother." Moses said, chiseling 
his kneecaps from the floor," I knew it 
before you did . Good-bye." 

The next day, when Moses failed to 
check in at the office. the court was 
mildly surprised . And when he missed 
the daily Slave Whup, tongues began to 
wag . By the end of the week. Moses' 
disappearance was making headlines 
across Egypt. The Dalln Papyrus did a feature story on it ca ed. surprisingly 
enough. "Wheah Is Dat Moses?" 

.............. 

" Alright. slave! Get to work with this 
stonecutter! And if I see you slacking off. 
I' ll whip you to within a cubit of your 
miserable l ife! " 

The guard shoved the slave forward, 
turned on his heel and left. 

Marcus Aurelius turned around to 
greet the apprentice slave. His jaw 
dropped. and after picking it up, 
whispered, "Moses!" He started to bow. 
but Moses stopped him. 

" Not here, Marcus. What will the 
neighbors think?" Moses looked around 
and spotted a little crevice in the statue 
of Boeing. chief of staff of the gods. He 
strode to it, followed by Marcus. 

"Ok." Moses said. " bow." 
Marcus did so. 
"Why are you here and dressed as a 

slave?" 
" Because I am a slave," Marcus 

replied . . 
" Well. I blew that one," Moses 

gr imaced. "That was your line, wasn' t it?" 
'Why are you here and dressed as a 

slave?" 
" I am here by my own choice, Mar-

cus ," 
" Tell me," Marcus asked, "HavE' you 

been kissing any E'mpty light sQckets 
lately?" 

" No. I am Hebrew." 
"Oh," Marcus nodded. then. "You're 

what?!" 
" Hebrew," Moses assured him . " See?" 
Marcus shook his head. "She," he said. 

" it!" 
Moses explanation contributed much 

to Marcus' understanding of the situation 
(though little to the story). 

" So you want to kill a guard and light 
out for the desert, eh?" Marcus nodded . 
" I can dig it." 

"Good ." 
" Great, Moses, I can help . I' ll draw a 

guard into that narrow carridor between 
the temple of Pentax and the temple of 
the twain gods. Preparations Hand W. I'll 
leave it up to you to improvise from 
there. Sound cool?" 

" Sounds OK to me." Moses agreed. 
" Then let's get out of here and do it. " 

Marcus said . He considered the two 
massive stone toes on either side of him . 
" I'm beginning to feel like toe jam ." 

" You certain ly look the part, " Moses 
quipped. 

" Ha ha." Marcus laughed, and as an 
added afterthought. " ha ha." 

Marcus strode out into the blazing 
Arizo'na sun, face set into a grim smile. 

" I'm giving you three choices. sheriff! " 
Marcus shouted . "Either get out of town 
before sunset, or I kill myself!" 

As Marcus had suspected. the guard 

didn't wait for the third choice. He took 
after Marcus with the expressed intention 
of whaling the pitch out of him. Marcus 
led the luckless son of a jackal around a 
blind corner, where our hero was waiting, 
mallet in hand. In the style later im-
mortalized by Central Park, Moses beat 
the guard to the consistency of tomato 
puree. 

''Well, Marcus. I'll be seeing you ." 
Marcus grabbed him by the arm. "Can 

I comel " 
Moses looked him up and down . "Am I 

your doctor? How should I know?" 
Marcus shook his head. "No. I mean to 

the desert." 
"Oh . No, Marcus. You are like a tiger . 

And when one starves with a tiger, you 
know who starves last." 

So Moses went to Abu Ben-Gay and 
confessed of the murder of the guard . For 
penance, he was given two Our Father's, 
assorted Hail Mary's, and get the hell out 
of Egypt . 

" I'm trying." was his reply . 
The trek across the Sinus Desert was 

hot and cruel. being only supplied with a 
flask of water and a racy French novel. 
He soon found it was the simple things 
that make life easy. Things like talking to 
staffs. About halfway through his journey 
he saw what appeared to be a friendly 
staff, staffing around on the hillside. Son 
of a yet-to-be-invented gun if it wasn't. 
He approached and got to know it. They 
became fast friends and Moses later 
taught it to do tricks. such as fetching his 
sandals. turning into a snake. etc. 

Later on, the staff was beginning to get 
down in the mouth-possibly because 
Moses was carrying him upside down-
and begged to rest. That is when Moses 
saw it. 

Over on the hillside. three sex-crazed 
shepherds were bothering some women 
by a well. So Moses went to their aid and 
beat them off . This immediately im-
pressed the women. to whom such 
behavior was . well, amazing. 

The women were all sisters. There were 
three ' lookers'. a borderline . and three 
throwbacks. The first three suggested 
Faith, Hope, and Charity. The last four, 
Famine. Destruction . Pestilence, and 
Death . Of course. these were not their 
real names. 

"Tell me." Moses told them. ''What are 
your real names and what do you really 
do?" 

"My name is Marlboro. I look after my 
younger sisters." 

"My name is Low Lead . I look after my 
younger sisters ." 

"My name is No Knock . I look after my 
younger sisters." 

"My name is Ethyl. I look after my 
younger sisters." 

"My name is Regular. I look after my 
younger sisters." 

"My name is Beechcraft. I look after 
my younger sister." 

" And you. fair one. What's yoU! l ine?" 
Moses prompted. 

"My name is Serutan . I employ the 
others in my family ." 

" It was to be expected," Moses 
commented . " I predict I will marry 
several of you. Tell me. Serutan, who is 
the oldest?" 

Serutan pointed to Marlboro. Moses 
mosied (so that's where it came from) 
over to her. "You. whose face insulteth 
the camel; you are doubtless, the first to 
get married off, considering my luck 
these days. What say we walk the aisle?" 

The old Moses charm worked like one . 
Serutan. which is French for 'natures'. 
was the head wife, however. She and 
Moses did the shepherding. anyway. It 
was on one such occasion that Moses 
spotted smoke coming from a mountain . 

'Why?" he asked Serutan . 
"That is Mt. Horrible The smoke 

with thla coupon 20% 
STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

omes from a burning bush that is not 
comsumed ." 

"But whE're there's smok e, there\ flrp." 
Moses argued . 

Serutan shrugged her shoulders. "See 
for yourself, know it all ." 

Moses did see for himself. If he was 
surprised at the burning bush, he was in 
convulsions when it spoke to him. 

"Moses, tak~ off your shoes. This is 
holy ground." 

Moses did so. 
"On second thought," said the voice, 

"put 'em back on. It ain' t that holy." 
'Who are you?" 
" I am who am." 
" But what -" Moses began . 
"Shut up and listen. I want you to gel 

my people out of Egypt ." 
'With all due respec t, Lord, why don't 

you do iU" Moses asked . 
"Listen. clown, I don't have to burn 

here and hear this tripe from you . I can 

Lo~ 
Blo~s 

anciCheap 
byldw .. dSi_ Shots 

buy and sell thousands like you anytime I 
wish . Why, with one flick of my astral 
finger you would become one with the 
atmosphere . Would you like that? 
Perhaps you'd prefer to be a roll of toi let 
paper? Jesus Christ! I allow you to exist 

.lnd YOLi ilrguP With IIW ' 1 hilt jlht burn' 
mE' up." 

Moses coughE'd "SO I w ." h(' Illut· 
tered o 

"What was that l " thundered the hush 
'When do I leavpl" 
" Therp's a stage leaving at noon Be on 

it." 
" I'm gone. Lord! Bye! " And Moses left. 
Serutan noticed a change In Moses 

when he arrived back . 
"You've been taking your shoes off " 
Moses paid her no mind. For one thing, 

he cou ldn't afford it " listen, Seru. I've 
got to go to Egypt. Cas up a few of the 
bigger sheep ." 

"You 'lI have company , Moses. Marcus 
arrived while you were talking to 
bushes." 

Serutan led Moses to Marcus' place of 
honor at the bottom of the cliff He was 
picturesquely attired in Hebrew lave 
garb, body splayed out in a manner 
vaguely suggesting violent death . 

"Marcus!" Moses cried. "You look like 
you've just crossed the Sinus " 

" I have." 
" Ah," nodded Moses. "That explains 

it." 
"Moses, Ben-Gay has died. Deep Heet 

and Purina Sit on the throne. The 
Hebrews are driven like animals. Dow 
Jones IS down eleven and a half On the 
local scene . 

"What about I BM1" 
" Down thirteen." 
'Well . looks like I'm needed .. Get 

uP. Marcus, we've got to go to Egypt ." 
Moses poked him a few times with his 
cattle prod. There was life in him yet. 

Serutan ran up to him and kissed him 
in full embrace. 

"Moses. may I come?" 
"Not in front of company, Serutan ," he 

admonished her. "Walt till I get back ." 

1974 

Jt~ III lIS • q ......... _ ....... .. 
UCSD GlYM 

......... 

.... 
•• ra ••••••••• 

..... 

•••• a •••• -Al-~ 
_ ....... . 
...................... 

'. 1 T,i ;" .l Timet. ~ 12. 1914 



. , 

Evidence in drug investigations may e)(ist in any form 
- tablets, capsules, powders, liquids - and can be present 
as large samples consisting of hundreds of containers, or 
as a minute residue . 

The accurate analysis of these substances is the 
responsibility of the Drug Enforcement Adm inistration's 
forensic laQQratory system. This system consists of silC 
regional laboratories - in New YQrk, .Chicago, San 
Francisco, Dallas, and Washingtqn, D.C. - together with 
a special testing and research center in Mclean, 
Virginia . 

In the last fiscal year the DEA laboratories, under the 
direction of 120 profession~1 chemists, analyzed 45,000 
separate exhibits of drug evidence. 

Before going on to describe the specific services they 
perform in support of drug enforcement, I want to 
emphasize that they serve to supplement - they do not 
supplant - the services of state, county, and municipal 
laboratories. 

The Forensic Chemist 

The most important person in the DEA laboratory 
system is the forensic chemist. DE!- requires the trainee 
chemist to undergo a special silC-month training 
program . He is taught from the outset that each piece of 
evidence is unIque and no step-by-step procedure can 
be written to cover all cases. 

This training program is designed to acquaint him 
with new analytical procedures and to encourage in-
dependent thought, sound judgment, and i n&enuity in 
the analysiS of drug evidence. The new chemist is made 
aware of the importance of the chain of evidence, and 
the need for security in handling evidence, as well as his 
role as an expert witness . 

Source IdentifiCiition 

A major concern of DEA special agents is the in-
dentification of the source of drug evidence. One of the 
methods we use to meet this requirement is through 
"ballistics examinations" of tablets . A ballistics 
examination, in the sense used here, is a combination of 
in-depth chemical analYSis and tool-mark examination 
of tablets and capsules for the purpose of identifyi ng 
the manufacturer of the d!vg. The technique consists of 
accurate measurements of size, scoring, imprints, or 
bevels ; the microscopic examination of the im-
perfections of the surface; the identification of all the 
components of the exhibit, primarily through 
microchemical t~st ; and comparison with exhibits 
contained in the Administration 's National Authentic 
Drug Reference Library. These are exhibits obtained 
from drug fi'rms and an accumulation of exhibits from 
clandestine manufacture. 

Using this type of analysis, we are able to identify the 
manufacturing source of commercial dosage forms and 
10 relate exhibits originating from common clandestine 
sources. In this way we are able to show diverSion ot 
legitimate products into illi cit channels and to identify 
illegal distribution systems and marketing levels. 

I n the past ,{ear - to give you an example - the United 
States has bee1 fl ooded with small amphetamine tablets 
known as "ninibennies," BallistiCS examination in-
dicated that nost of these tablets originate from thre 
sets of punc1es and dies used on multiple punch 
tableti ng m,lchines To date, over 30 million 
"minibennies' have been purchased or seized , 

As with SOl l!' <;" in"nli firation of tablets and capsules 
through balli«ICS examination , we are also dllt:mpting 

NEED" GOOD HA IRCUT? 
SPE.:IAL STIJDENT DISCOUNTS AT 

TlfE tWR \NORKS 

A 910 Prospect St . _ (Colonial Hotel) La Jolla, Ca li f. 
10% off all scissor cuts and blow drys 

Mon - sat, 9 ti II 5 Ask for 
Carroll o r Bill 
ph, 454-0103 

Pale 4 Triton Times, March 12, '974 

dci£nu, t::8yn.o/ll~ 
The DEA 

Laboratories 
by John W. Cunn, Jr. 

Chief, Scientific Services Division 

to determine common sources of powers . We have 
developed methodology which will provide intelligence 

. on heroin evidence. This is not done routinely, but only 
on specific request, The technique has been used to 

, trace distribution routes and to assist in the develop-
ment of conspiracy cases. The technique consists of 
microscopic examination, the determination of 
elemental composition, and the determination of the 
ratios of heroin hydrochloride, morphine, 0 I and 0 • 
monoacetyl morphine, codeine, and acetyl codine. 

Quantitative analysis of drug evidence is standard 
procedure in our laboratories. The nature of the charge 
and the sentencing of the defendent is, in many in-
stances, dependent on the amount and purity of the 
drug. large quantities and high purity usually indicate 
the higher echelon drug trafficker, Rapid, accurate, 
quantitative laboratory analysis can therefore be an aid 
to enforcement strategy. 

Recently, the compound 1, 3-diphenyl -2-
methylaminopropane hydrocloride was identified in 
two different samples of methamphetamine powder, 
The identification was based on a combination of UV, 
IR, NMR and mass spectrometry. The presence of this 
compound in methamphetamine indicates that the 
clandestine operators were synthesizing phenyl -2-
propanone (P2P) from phenylacetic acid rather than 
purdldsing this essential raw material. A byproduct of 
this sy'nthesis is dibenzylketone, which if not removed, 
would react when methamphetamine is made and 
produce 1, 3~iphenyl-2-methylaminopropane , This 
identification is very valuable intelligence for our 
agents who are looking for clandestine drug operators. 

Methaqualone is being widely abused by youths in 
this country. Recently, in the northeast, some abusers 
were stricken with severe side effects, including bloody 
urine and gastrointestinal cramps, The tablets were 
found to be of clandestine manufacture, They con-
tained fairly large amounts of impurities from a poor 
synthesis. The impurities were o-toluidine, 0-
aminobenzoic acid, and o-methyl acetanilide, 

Clandestine Laboratories 

In the past year, '73 - 74, our forensic chemists 
partie ipated with special agents in the seizure of over 30 
domestic clandestine laboratories which were 
producing LSD, phencyclidine (PCP), dimethyltryp-
tamine (DMT), methamphetamine, and liquid hashish . 
DEA chemists have also examined illegal laboratories in 
Europe, South America, and the Far East. These 
laboratories were producing heroin or cocai ne , 

In examining a se ized illegal laboratory, we feel that 
the following information is best acquired by a chemist : 
production capability ; estimated length of time in 
operation ; source of chemicals and equipment; 
methods of waste removal ; efforts at concea lment; 
method of manufacture , This and other information can 
be used to measure the impact of an immobilized 
laboratory and can provide possible means to assist in 
the detection of similar laboratories . 

Our chemists also have had the opportunity to 

KPRI presents 
CONCERT .\SSOCI.\TES and 

BRI'\N LANE IN .\SSOCIAnON WITH 
MELODY MAKEI PRESENTS 

PLUS SUPPORTING SHOW 

THURS. MARCH 21 730 
SAN DIEGO "~ 
DOafIA .... 

Tickets: $5.50 lit .VlIICI I $I. dly of show (1IIellld,. pI,kln,) 
Ticket, A •• II.bll .t AU 1111 Galllllil's Men', Slor .. , 

All A,en. Tlckel Alent"" .,.,.. Ar,na neklt OffiCI. 
for Infonnallon c.1I 224-417 • • 

I f, ,,'I. "it. I '\ ( I \.. I \ ,I ( I , I, 

participate with special agents in debriefing informants 
regarding the manufacturing of clandestine drugs. There 
is much literature on the commercial manufacture of 
most drugs of abuse. Clandestine manufacturers, 
however, do not always follow these procedures or use 
the same equipment and techniques. It is therefore 
necessary for a law enforcement agency to determine 
exactly how the drugs are made. This information has 
many investigative and intelligence ramifications. 

Drug abuse is an international problem . We exchange 
scientific information with police laboratories in over bO 
countries, as well as the U.N, Laboratory and Interpol , 
Recently, the importance of our foreign liaison paid off 
when Canadian authorities brought to our attention 4-
methoxyamphetamine, a new hallucinogen that was 
causing deaths. Shortly thereafter this drug made its 
appearance in the United States. The information 
supplied by Canadian authorities enabled DEA to bring 
this drug promptly under control. 

The role of 'the forensic drug laboratory has changed 
over the last few years and is continuing to change. We 
must keep pace with these changes by using the most 
modern instruments and techniques. Demands are 
increasing from drug law enforcement officers for more 
information on elChibits for intelligence purposes, We 
must also be ready to respond to inc.reasingly sharp 
questions from attorneys, who are today better prepared 
and more knowledgeable about drugs than ever before, 
The conclusions reached by the laboratory must leave 
no room for doubt since they are used within the 
criminal justice system. The forensic laboratory, in the 
final analysis, is an instrument of justice, 

.... 

..... gr. 

SERVICE, SALES, LEASE 
OVERSEAS DELIVERY 

CoIdlneldai Motots 
601 S. Mil St. 

Oceanside 
722-8114 

--I~ ~. 
~---- ~ ~ 

-

TRIOtr })Ia~ 
.1lWTH Be ~.Dt<O~*6"1E 

oRULE.S 

PLAYER.5: Any 1CU"""~'" f?f'1'!6Jer,r 1ft6J 
/Je, DICK NIXON. 0118 e;,. ?/fIP"~ 1tP1f.-
'Pmf~. pAn ~ 11l1L"t te;r"~ M PUBLrc 
6; COWGPJ,SSICMAL OPINION. 

£QUIPME.NT~ £1.,,'" pt~yer nm/.( ~ MARKER. 
to "H~f'u./e.. t1u pp.rt'tt'fjff "f Irt'r (1t(r) 
01'tk ~n tl£e, lI.rL. Pt~ye.n- m.y t,1utP.r~, 

~,. ~XA"'l't,~ tf) lire. auu "",lltJl'tJ':1 "'lfr-
/(t,,,,/ ,~*e". a,."s, 1),- Clf,(HterM~'I ft~e(~ 

11 'fMwltt,. fltplt(~ ,flrp /It ~a ~ tNllUtt-t:. 
{01t the t1'1te ''''()lJf'dtL)- 1:1t~ 1'!«1IIitr pF 
. t~rl£~ ftAJd. 01C.l. tLf't. ff AtUl JuceJ{A'1-

TJt£ ClIAN CE ~nJ.. 
IMPEACHABLE OF-

FE~SE c_~s J'/tpultl 
;~ c,u-t PUt1 ['/tuffld., 

;.1UL rtac,JuJ. ~u apu~ 
,)( Ntt. A""'r~t~ 

t,~. f"tJr ~ "~{f(~e, 
,,/~!"It!. .ret) IJl.t:/( tfu. 

tl-rAt (N,'/It ~rdHl,-,t (J1" ,tAttie.. (Urtfor-
t«n.auly, -thit it 1iktlr to ~A.Ut a.. relcYAut 
q ~ flU. f()r seyer 41 ttl()tLth (-to GDm.e..) 

PLAY: To btJflf. ~ turN.-, ... p!.,'PY ~(J!lt 
tnt J.fe, I. nd 1fJI/JI~' f()"t.J/.ra {Itt ftulltkr 
of J'1'~'ts (1f41'tJ!ed.. Tiff! r".t'~ fJ~~tlf 
(1.111" s frIJ1'fI flu ?fllt1'c '.J' .r",rl' ~""'Yl 
ift 1"'ul'ett rpf" fltt I'ref"d~lltY, I n4 1'ft 
tJ!' bu'lt ()f 6~'~/J, ~"ti, A 1'('!le" ~ ftl1"" 
C01ftl1tllt-i «,,-t1't Itt I), lite t~1tdl ()f'£ A. 
.I,,,f< fl'Aa, If (.r)It~ t~1{J( ()X A S,PeC-
tAU,- nr,~,..ketl J'ff,tA"'~/ the 1nS't,.;<ctitJ/ts 

t"d1't~tlJ, ?;~t~tV ~rt. fIJ lJ~ iP!!t?1fId, .. 

& f it p1 .. ye..- (And, M A QUIZ S'l";J.~, Ir~ 
']1 1ICust ariAfJ 1J..,z IMPE"A(JV\BLE OFFENSE c~rd, 

~ftU' IS" {ec"Itt1.~ 'Ie. ?!tun e~l'tat1t to PUO-
Lie. l GONGRfSS/ONAL OPINION fi;lty Itt f[ !1fJt 
1lft'tty of I1tt tJ/I"Ut. t"I/t'c4td.. Tltt ~J/"'c 
& CU1fytSS';/t,., q"ltfPlt. fAll!f tA'''''~ 1f'M 
I. 10ss ()r 11 1'1( (Jf.v~ to 6 s!u~,.es, dt'~1ta1"'j 
'It "ow It i«tlp! Htl ~KCt(,ft. Hr ('IJ ""1,.",,1-
tty, rel~vlllC(/ !Jtfft~III"''''1y ~7(d tlfJlt1"Y 
fOr 1'1'lIf'''! .r-r"'fdfIJ lind "4f,J1'''! fltt, /Hil,i-. 
flu ('I"." ('r ,~fllrJf4tl 
'If) tit e bPlfl)'ff or 
fJre. p,,'lt. . 

~ I A "tAJI#, 1a11JJ 
11 lJ1t tl CHANCE 

1'!fl.lJ1?,/ ht A"'''/()I A 
tlc,tra Clr4 Attd, 
It~lte,. MilA "as IJ". 

0 1974 Triton Times 
-OF" 

-

'!-trActI t!t~ "*~k". (Jr J1'Aal' I',,~e"/,'(tl. 
Iht~ t'll c~.,..d -t't r~tttrned f() th~ /J~tt01'lf 
1)/ the pl'Ie. 
~ l «?/~t". lAnd!' on «. TAPES SP«'C~.; 

c!! , 1u 1It/4.f't .rurr~,,4er If 'ker -c-tC,Pe J 41'1 L 
f1ttJv~ IA(;I(u~rtlJ -f1t~ 811t()U1tf 11r,,1Vn. t)n 

-the a1,'t. (If 'Iff" /!~1nJ 'h"'"w~ 8Jt1in.). 
,--' ~ e·....... .. 

~ f It 6"J fr~ Iftt'r tI,( Idtlt tllnt 1/ ~!I.1V 
lit,nli./ pi'( tlrt QItA1'r ""rlft! INOPERATIVE, 

Itt. fJ rtltdtrtJ 11f#I'"~({t)t ~nd 1f'f1lft- ('~4f~ 
pt.~. 

~ :f ""''':I.e,... f~nt/l ()II BUG, 1ft .""Ii trm ~~ J! If'(. A ~ Ifftl,,' ?tt. nil! fJ,~IN ~!11if J, ",~y( 
I I,,,! 11ft t!fYJIt", tilt; ~t "(".11)1 fl/ Itt ',Itt 
the nett (1If"'''_ 

* '# • If! •• 

PLAY CEASES Mftv ~" 4cfwt P..'I!fr' JUIlt 
11,d. 2D iffY'''!. If tit {Iffi' bi?rt t! I"-J('" "~f 
p4fftA tht IRON 64RS 6f11 h,{ f11t "Ic"tl I-IOME·Ff~ff, 
At ,I ''''lUCHt' i< ~l!ihUtJ bid 111IJ1f)fIi fpm1~ 1}( 
co",lil'l,Jl< t!'rlfc~. If II p1~", trltlfu HDME'F({fE, 
hi !tlt iltrft ",Pf"t !/f6n bf f'h)tf'; 1114. Sffl ()ll! tJrt 
nIt ~r Ih~ !I",t 1« f11W! CPnlmt1lft"-r. If 4 1"4J-
t1' ,i nn fl4r! tilt t'rlJn !JlrI /I~ tlt~ 15th tuf'l!, 
''It Jt4hIlt f 1l1ck 1'n t1t~ &;t, Anti. ",,,,{of ~11( 
!Ulr,! Y"r( 1it !tIt,,! I'~'"fnr_ (Rf~/6-NATlO~·OPTICtJt 
Ii tltt /),,."1111#1 of 4,,! tw" ,r'~Y ~ 11.,'[ /()t~ d !'II-
fY ""/1 dfNl.rt io rtf'!", Ci"iIf I"J 'flirt Ib 4yo;d "ltriIH,l 
PIY"1H'r, i,,1 IV17i/1"'/JfI(1r1fftlft, If Itt (1rf».J([ tJrf's 0/'-
{,,'on flt/'re fllftff! fht f~~" ;~~ lit "''IItt nIt -/Jft. 
I,~. A 1 I)' 2. ",~f(tI ""'/If ;,'cf(,." flrt. &.t; Aneth",. 
""",lfT ,.,,,./ fHift ~t'~ u,'tIt ~nt1",,'Jft Holt"",] 
S"'cfgcttu.. Vas-iatUns,_ .As t1ZDt. toc~ 011 &11a. ~ fl&f:S 
an ll1\CDnnt, flayer, !My wi"h to au. ,(~~a1 
Impeach.lIlt Of{~t1te. f'ara~ 
of ihtir own ckv1tint. 

Pll~!"t mal alto with to 
ad extra. Cha.uu Cirds'. 
or kv ~e. tpecia1 0rtiDra.~ 

fO'1' ~,e,jfit .rfl&42'eJ' OIL 
tb.t I1oSrd. thAt art. 11DW 
bJ.'l11c. 

flayers 111ar dlto it-
ci&.. to Adj,,"st th~ i~~ 
1'lu.m'btr of iu.1"%1l' per g'Mt, AUDt'a:ing io tlsdr 
ty211l'ath r for O1l1"'HiABHPt"e'iun t. 

P.'I/-tl' ~ l,iton Timel , March 12, 1974 



H --L ,r=1 
D 

OJ 
0 
X 

D \ C 

M~rch 12, 1974 T ' ton Times, P~le (, ,. 

0 
Z 
0 

Impelc.ha.b.1e 
Offells:eS. 

· • • 
• :; 

9 
.. 

e 
• 

· • • :; 
9 
:; 
C'.l 
• 

· • :; 
9 
:; 
C'.l 
· • • :; 
9 
:; 

~ 
• 
· :; 
9 
:; 
t.) 

... 

... 

.... 

.. 

.. 

.. 

... 

... 

... 

... 

.. 

... 

... 

.. 

... 

11 jll 
;!1 

...., 
. 

I 
• I I I • II J ~ 

• 
... It 
... 

-* 

• ... 
.J& • ... It .. 

• i! . • 
... 

• 
.. 

• 
.. 

... 

• .. 
• .. 
• ... Jd • .. • .. • ... 

.. 

.. ... ....... .:.:. 
... 

.. 



cares? 
A recent letter to the parents of Muir students by 

the Muir Colleae Parents Council read as follows : 'Who 
Caresl 

You miaht think that with over 5,000 parents of Muir 
College we wouldn't care that you aren't amona ·the 
supporters of the College's Annual Parents Fund for 
1974-75. 

But we do! 
We wonder why you have felt your help isn 't needed. 

And I guess the fault lies with us. Somewhere along the 
line we haven't emphasized enough just how important 
your gift can be. No matter what the size." 

The following page informs parents that for a gift of 
5100 they can become a member of the Torrey Pines 
Club, and for a gift of 51000 a member of the Los Diez 
Mil Associates. 

One Muir parent responded in this manner: 
Upon receiving your form letter to me, entitled "Who 

Caresr (enclosed). I have read and re-read it many 
times, and I feel that I must respectfully reply . 

My wife and son and I have always felt that by our 
definition of " caring" is to take direct and physical 
activity that ~ould best serve students and the com-
munities as a whole. My wife and I have for the past ten 
years been actively involved on the UCLA Scholarship 
Committee, where we have given to many un-
derprivileged students, scholarships, to enable them to 
attend the Universities. lhese endeavors of the com-
mittee have always been on a voluntary baSiS, but the 
rewards have been great, by the continuing letters and 
phone calls we have received from the reCipients . My 
wife and I have also been active members of the UCLA 
Art Coun<;iI , the Westwood Art Association, the Los 
Angeles County Art Museum, the Julliard Alumni 
Association, the Youth Symphony Chamber Society of 
So. California, the Democratic Club, and support the 
"Triton Times," official UCSD newspaper. So; as you 
can see, we have been quite busy in helping the talents 
and encouraging young people to continue in their 
education . 
. But I have always tried purposely to avoid in 
becoming a member of any organization on what I 
considered to be a "Private Club" for members, based 
on the "size of dollars" donated. I notice that if I 
donated 5100 or more I would become a member of the 
Torrey Pines Club, and if a donation of 51 ,000 or more I 
would become a member of the Los Diez Mil 
Associates. I immediately question, "the discrimination 
of the contribution based on finanCial donation ?" 
because i t immediately and automatically eliminates 
those parents or families that are underpriviledged and 
cannot afford, as you put it " Just Five Dollarsl" ' . 

So, you will have to forgive me if I found your form 
letter entitled "Who Cares?" as somewhat arrogant and 
insulting and feel that i t would not encourage anyone to 
give a donation. I feel that a single Fi ve Dollar Bill might 
be more useful to a student, who did not have enough 
money to eat that day!, as I feel that God would wish itl 

Kudos to 
Ehrlichmann 

Food For Thought: 
David L. Buchbinder 

Editor-in -Chief 

I n an essay written in the earl y 1960's, Hannah Arend t 
spoke of a banality of evi l. In thi s essay, Arendt 
theorized that the comm ission of evi l is not an ad-
vert ised action . In fact, she claimed, t he commiss ion of 
ev il was an extremely subtle action. 

In illustrating her hypothesis, Arendt demonstrated 
that the Nazis who actuall y committed the practical 
acts of the Holocaust were "only following orders". She 
claimed that many of those tr ied for War Crimes in-
cessantly repeare4 this phrase . Hence, the commission 
o f evi l became an almost unconscious act. The people 
who comm itte, ' the crimes were normal people, like 
you and me, who merely failed, like most people, to 
accurately asse;s the consequences of th eir actions. 

The exercise of thiS banality 01 t!vi l ha~ b{>",,, com-
mitted unceasi'1!\ly throughout the regime of Richard 
M . Nixon Man' xamples of its exercise could be given, 
but for the sakE of brevity, I would like to grant special 
commendation to one of the more nefarious prac-
titioners of the above described ph ilosophy. Kudos to 
you John Ehrlic:-tman n, for you have demonstrated that 
the commissior> of evil is an every day act, and in your 
splendid re eption of not on , but two indictments, 
have brill iantl y undE'rl inE'd Ar ndt's ideas . 

Of course John, YOU're probably not at all that upset, 
and Indf'ed. Innocence is always to be assumed wh ilE' 
gu il t mu~t be proven Rut lega l traditions asi d ,you are 
'lire to havf' your namE' It ted In History books right 
" long ~ I cif' of all of t h o~e other gE'eks and fops whose 
only Illoral l'\(U\(' for nf'Cf'fltlon dnci fraud 's " I was 
onlv fo llowillt.! mdl'l ' 
P"R~ 8 Triton rinws. M.uch 'I.!, 1')74 

'WI&L. .., ..... 1IIDINr, 11"1 HIe. Of YOU to Off. 10 CAIIIt ..... ON MY .... " _ 
MIl DOWr YOU ~YI IOMITMINe TO DO IN CHINA OIl .UIIIA OIl IOMIPLACI ••• r 

LeHers To The Editor 
CALPIRG 

Fellow Students : 
The time is approaching 

when most of you will be 
paying your fees for Spring 
quarter and I would like to 
say a few things regarding 
CALPIRG that most people 
probably aren't aware of. 

First, I feel that some 
students may not fully 
realize who and what 
CALPIRG is . Briefly , 
CALPIRG stands for the 
California Public Interest 
Research Group. It is an 
offshoot of the Ralph Nader 
organizations in 
Washington D. C. and is a 
sister group to PIRGs in 20 
other states . CALPIRG is a 
totally student controlled 
and funded attempt to do 
the types of things Nader 
has done on a national level 
here in San Diego on a city, 
county and state level. 

Some of you, who do not 
read the San Diego 
newspapers or watch the 
local TV news, may not 
have heard much about 
CALPIRG this past year. 
Th is would be due both to 
their success and to their 
fa i lure. Their success at 
making themselves known 
to the community at large 
at the expen se of students 
in particular, and their 
failure to start as many 
student-intensive projects 
as des ired becau se of 
manpower limitations . It 
has been said by other 
studen ts and I agree that 
CALPIRC is much better 
known among the County 
Supervisors , the City 
Council , and San Diego in 
general than perhaps 
among the students . The 
reason is simply that to be 
effective, they must be 
known in a community 
larger than just the college 
campuses and so their 
energy was lar~ely directed 

towards the public . Also, 
Nader's Raiders type work 
requires large amounts of 
time and highly qualified 
people. This has probably 
made it difficult to in-
corporate fully the large 
numbers of students who 
would like to be involved 
but only to a I imited extent. 
The real stumbling block to 
more projects involving 
large numbers of students 
has been finding students or 
professors wi II i ng to 
commit the time and effort 
required to set up and 
coordinate such projects . 

I don't think I need to 
encourage the more 
socially conscious and 
" idealistic" members of 
UCSD to work with and 
support this organization . 
They already are. I would 
lastly just make an 
argument that I hope will 
appeal to the more 
" pragmatic" students at 
UCSD. 

Even if a student's 
concern doesn't stretch as 
far as malnutrition among 
San Diego's poverty women 
and child ren or the 
reduction of hydrocarbons 
in San Diego's air through 
v apor recovery, that 
concern probably does 
extend as far as that 
stud e nt 's finan c ial 
situation . CALPIRG has 
done many consumer 
projects that directly affect 
student's pocketbooks . 
Their food price surveys 
have been credited with 
encouragi ng certain stores 
to go discount and for 
another to quit the food 
business entirely. By using 
the surveys to find the 
cheapest market to shop at, 
every student could save 
520, S30, or 550 in a year . In 
addition , the recent dental 
survey, by helping a student 
find an inexpensive dentist, 
could easily save a student 

triton times 
(ditol ill Chief 

D. vid Buc hbinder 

CUy Idito. 

M .... "'I (tltiOf 
Michael Seln,. 

Copy Editor 
l.mesG Solo 

• ., ....... M ........ 
Rue Hinton 

1411""'" OiNdOf 
Mark MCC. rtv 

Art. (tlltor 
t.ry Decke l 

EtlC Rabters 

Sc:leftc:e ("or 
John SnOO., ,u, 

"'''' ....... , (ditOf 
M.lcolm Smith 

Corri ne CICIS 

" .. od ... eM, 14 ...... 
Rick Dram 

Hannah Cohen 

John r • .,.to, 

" ..... _"'-_ Mo\IIIOPh 
, ... ""ON filIOn It oIIkW, _opIn4 .......... __ .,. .... C-. 
m_. __ ...... UA-...,.ol~ . .... DIo8o . ....... Z •• _ 
c_ ... to ..... e ........ ""7. __ II ..... .....,. _ T~ oM 
, ....... Offkft_ ........ I00_111, ..... H., .--'~. r ............. 
...... UW7U ... UJ._ • • lIf7 . ... ___ ...... I1If .. 

520 in the first visit. 
Such money saving 

services can continue but 
only if the students of 
UCSD support the CAlPIRG 
organization . One dollar 
per quarter is an easily 
recoverable investment in 
light of the potential 
savings to a student and I 
urge all students at UCSD to 
support and beE:ome active 
in their California Public 
I nterest Research Group. 

Sincerely, 
Vincent Schwent 

Neuroscience Graduate 
Student 

G 76023903 

Married 
Students' 
Housing 

Attention Married Students 

I t should be of interest to 
a!1 married students waiting 

to get into University 
housing that, at a meeting 
of the Housing Committee, 
a policy change for the 
assignment of apartments 
was initiated which resulted 
in placing single students in 
one bedroom apartments 
on an equal priority with 
married students . This 
means that all students who 
were on the studio waiting 
I ist prior to the date when 
you signed up are now 
ahead of you on the 
housing list. 

We feel that all students 
affected by this policy 
change should have been 
notified. As this has not 
been done we suggest that 
you contact the Housing 
office for information 
regarding the policy change 
and how it will affect your 
chances of receiving 
University housing. In 
addition you may be able to 
help reverse this policy if 
you attend the next meeting 
of the Housing Committee 
continued on ~ 2 

targum crossword 

ACROSS 37 Alll1' , II ..... shIp cI .. _l 
38 E41bl. fhh 10 C ......... 

1 RI1flf fl'Oll grief 40 1101'11 11 "l1et ••. g. 
7 lrou,ht ll1to btlng 43 l_ 12 PIIt III • s.fe ,11cI (.!'Chalc) 44 Strong _ 13 let ...... t .. 

12 "'11-11114. but el.Y 45 Fons sec ... tly 
Job 46 _·squ.... 15 - pes? 

14 JolsOll-DlSy1Y. tuM 47 Airport 20 Crazy 
16 Conctl'lll", 41 Up to .... Zl '~tacal crt. 

.bstl_ 49 £.to",l. 24 III_he 
17 .... 11.·11114 10fa 51 5tlecuhtton I. N - lII,lor 
II '_1 4. ltocks r7 1.11,1 .. 
19 lIIutlul .t4 53 Add ... t« 28 IIIh-JOIIII ,lee .. 
21 111m •• IICI otlllr, 54 tltll .... uUd JO "'"'" 
22 Colli .. subject 55 C.plt.l of Senetol 31 $pI ...... e", 

(Ibbr.) 56 1 ... 1 for Insurloc. S2 ....... , ",11 
2J ' .. s.l of Injection cl.t.. M '1 ........ sec:oM 

flul4 35 c.. - usted? 
24 U.""l, ch1l4 DOWN ,. ".hh ,.111t« 
25 HI t the - J9 - S-
26 _11 gh .. bottle 1 lflii 40 F .... ride 
27 11111 of 1liii, 2 - Itrwt 41 SqI ... 

YOlc.. 3 ' -, c'ett .1' 42 StMMd 
28 ..... 1111 _ 1feRC' 4 St.: '1' . ... '''' till. 
H ~letl 5 Dt_tor', f_IU 4. Nault 
31 - Ktd wnt 47 ,...fll : elIM 
J3 -'s I"f_ • Dutch '-lltat .. ~ 
,. T". of ca., 7 ''''''-tel 10 Dlwt ... 11'11 
,. Tt. totIt/IIf' • At _ tf_ 12 J ...... ItA'-

Arts 

Records: 

The big news of the week 
has it that Elektra-Asylum 
Records president David 
Geffen (the man who 
brought you Bob Dylan in 
"Tour 74" ) has all but 
finalized contracts for 
George Harrison and Ringo 
Starr to tour together this 
summer. This an-
nouncement is likely to 
spur the usual Beatie 
reunion rumors, but, "who 
knows?" 

A 12-hour outdoor 
concert called "California 
Jam" is set for April 6, at the 
Ontario Motor Speedway in 
suburban L.A. Promoted by 
the American Broadcasting 
Company, the concert will 
feature Deep Purple, 
Emerson Lake & Palmer, 
Black Sabbath , Seals & 
Crofts, Eagles, Black Oak 
Arkansas, and Earth Wind & 
Fire, with additional acts to 
be announced during 
March . ABC Entertainment 
is providing health and food 
fac ilities to supply an 
expected crowd of over 
400 ,000 . Tickets are 
reportedly S10 in advance, 
and 515 at the gate. 

Noted producer Phil 
Spector was seriously in-
jured in an automobile 
accident February 10, while 
in transit to Phoenix , 
Ari zona , for a few days rest. 
Though little information 
has been made available, it 
was reported that Spector 
r equired extensive 
emergency surgery , and 
after the accident was listed 
in critical condition with 
severe burns as well' as 
multiple head and body 
Inlurles. His Los Angeles 
office has reported that his 
condition remains "quite 
serious". 

All Ears 
The newly renovated 

Paramount Theatre, redone 
in art deco style, at a cost of 
approximately two million 
dollars, will be the setting 
for a special thre~ay 
engagement by Soz Scaggs 
and Band, March 8 - 10. 
Boz's "band" will be a 35-
piece orchestra, including a 
13-piece string section . . 
Black tie, if you please. 

Badger, which features 
vocalist Jackie Lomax and 
ex-Yes keyboardist Tony 
Kaye, has just completed 
recording their latest album 
in New Orleans with Allen 
Toussaint producing ... 
Country rocker Kinky 
Friedman. late of " Kinky 
Friedman and the Texas 
Jewboys", has left Vanguard 
Records and signed with 
ABC Records for future 
releases ... Ex-Mahavishnu 
members Jan Hammer 
(keyboards) and Jerry 
Goodman (violin), are 
working on their duo album 
at the Caribou Ranch in 
Boulder , Colorado 
Former presidential can-
didate Pat Paulson and ex-
Laugh I n newsman Gary 
Owens are collaborating 
with Jaye P. Morgan on a 
comedy album entitled 
"The Hexorcist" set for rush 
release by ABC Records " . 
Ex-Cream , ex-Mountain 
bassist Jack Bruce has 
signed a recording contract 
with RSO Records ... And 
former America drummer 
Dave Atwood has a new 
group, Slingshot, expected 
to tour the west coast soon . 

Rod Stewart's next ana 
possibly last solo albu~ 
ships April 15, w,.th It 
currently rumored that he 
plans henceforth to record 

Greg Leonard 

with Faces exclusively . 
With that in mind, and the 
fact that the recently 
released Stewart/ Faces 
"live" album, COiIst to 
Co.st, is at best a class ic 
statement of superficial , 
uninspired rock and roll , 
one has to wonder. 

With paper and vinyl 
paranoia running rampant 
in music industry 74, the 
Society of the Plastics 
Industry, I nc. has called for 
an end to all wage and pr ice 
controls affecting plastics 
industries . In addition, they 
are pressing their demand 
that the Federal Energy 
Office take further steps to 
make more petroleum 
available to the plastiCS 
industry . The Society 
recently waged a successful 
campaign to have the Cost 
of Living Council lift price 
controls on prices at the 
manufacturing level. 

And while talk of paper 
and vinyl shortages con-
tinues, a plethora of new 
releases is due in March 
including produc t by : 
Maggie Bell , Barry Gold-
berg, Herbie Mann, Willie 
Nelson, Aretha Franklin, the 
Spinners, King Crimson, Dr. 
John, Johnny Rivers, Buzzy 
Linhart, Mot! the Hoople, 
and Roxy Music on 
Atlant ic ; Elvis , B. W . 
Stevenson , Brian Auger's 
Oblivion Express, and Mick 
Ronson on RCA; M elissa 
Manchester and the 
Delfonics on Bell ; Quincy 
Jones, Joan Baez, Humble 
Pie Cat Stevens, Peter Fra~,pton , Herb Alpert, Rita 
Coolidge, Billy Preston , and 
the Move on A & A; and 
Steely Dan on ABC. 

1'110 UIT 
by Jean Paul Sart re 

NOW PLAYINO 
Constantly absorbong . . . a 
bold confrontat ion between 
two women and a man 
locked together for ete r· 
nity . . . the re is no exit 
from the Ir pr ivate hell 
each is shOrn of inmost 
secrets as Irue characlers 
are merc ilessly exposed . ... 

Rim: 

Serpico is easily the best cop fi lm of 
the year for it depicts what cops rio be~t. 
accepting funny money 

The flick is a dramatization of factua l 
accounts given by an honest cop about 
corruption throughout the New York 
Police Department . He is one Frank 
Serpico, and AI Pacino gets to 'play the 
hip-cop role with shining honor. A ~i n g l e 
sem i-hedonist wi th humanis t ic 
pretensions, he bounces from precint to 
precint in search of easy street. He jus t 
wants to do a flatfoot's work for a flat-
foot's pay, while everyone else wants to 
get· a piece of the drug and gambling 
action . 

Captains and higher aspire to lobster 
lunches in posh spots, patrolmen want 
color t. v.'s to watch the ballgames 
They're just red-blooded Americans in 
search of their own interest and it is 
sometimes difficult to understand why 
Serpico and the film can miss this . 
Hollywood flicks when grapling with 
social problems always ends up with half-
baked attempts to reaffirm American 
idealism : some people may be crazy but 
don't knock the rock. 

Anyways, the movie is long but in-
teresting. It spends a lot of time on the 
street and in Serpico's dank apartment. 
New York looks dirtier than ever and 
that's reassuring. 

But what isn't reassuring about the 
consciousness of this con sciousness 
rai sing flick is the role of women. There 
are a handful of women, especially the 
women that Serpico makes love to. But 
up until the final scenes where his 
second honey tells him to stick it, the 
women spend the ir time undressed and 
appearing harrassed. They hang around 
the rat-trap dressed in negligees and 
dusting the apartment, waiting for the 
white knight to return. 

Brandon Wander 

hl~ canwra clown til' ~treN or In till' 
kitc klen and ju~t watches I'acino flv 
Pacino is excellent , although hi, aC'C'f'nt 
changes about a dozen timp Thf' 
reliance upon hiS stature (which I, about 
5'8" and too short to be a real cop) 
underscores the fact that Hollywooci 
movies are an actors medium and Visual 
imagination goes litt le beyond the kinky 
costumes and shining eyes of the star 

Fantastic Planet IS easi ly the be,t 
animated science-fiction f i 1m of the year 
since it's probably the only one. 

The fi lm has fu nny faces of the big 
weird Drogs oppressing the li t tle human 
pipsqueaks, the Ohms. It has ,ome 
beautifu l quirky illustrations, whicn 
reminds a lot of people of Hieronymous 
Bosch and it has beautiful color. 
especi'ally the purpleblue of the Drogs 

It is almost a feature-length fi lm and 
should be even shorter . An edit ion of the 
high li ghts, w i thout th e dri bbl e of 
techn ic al and his toric al flash-ba ck 
gobbly-goop cl iches, is what's needed . A 
great short it would be. I t just takes too 
much t ime to draw a full picture for each 
frame so, like all cartoons, the fl ick 
forsak es backgro und an d stretches 
scenes. 

A most interesting side-light in this 
Czech-French fi lm by Rene La Loux may 
not be one: it 's very easy to make a case 
for a parall el between the Russian op-
pression of little Czechoslovakia and the 
Drog-Ohm rhubarb. 

There is an excellent Canadian 
cartoon and a disgusting, chauvenistic . 
simple-m inded , dumb ac id -pablum 
electr ic ski f ilm from New Zealand on the 
showcard . (It evokes such rage !) All th is 
points to is the general pit that short 
films are in . Fantastic Planet should be a 
short but since no exhibitor will pay two 
cents for a short it has to be stretched. 
And shorts which are short aren't worth 
two cents. 

Sidney lumet directs, and may even 
pick the women's unattire . He generally 
stays out of the way of the stOry, sets up 

~--~--------~-------. Short 
Shorts 
Short shorts? Is it the 

return of a 50's clothing 
craze? No, Short Shorts is 
the UCSD Drama Club's ' 
winter production , Friday 
Night March 15, and 
Saturday March 16 f~H two 
performances, a regular 
even ing performance and a 
study-break matinee at 
2:00. 

Originally conceived as 
"A Short ,Evening of Short 
Plays" the drama club 
began thinking of it as "A 
Short Evening of Shorts". As 
time went by and the 
matinee was added to the 
planned performances, the 
title got shorter, and hence 
Short Shorts was born . 

And what specifically has 
Drama Club given birth to 
this time? The production 

EUROPE 
SPRING 

CHARTER 
$321 

RoundTrip 

Iv. March 28 
11. SeDtem~r 3 
= . 

"v.lie.... GMt To UCIO. 
Ituden., F_hY, 118ft, .nd 
.... rlm ........... ml-. 
c_ saw Travel Offlce. 

I_,,-Ic-, 
MeftMwa CampU, 412'" 1G ' .m.- 12 ' .m. wMll • .,. 

2 .. ,.M. Mon. Wed. Fri. 

consists of seven teeny 
plays rarely seen due to 
the ir unusual length of 
anywhere from 90 seconds 
to ten minutes . The plays 
chosen encompass a variety 
of style and content, 
ranging from pure nonsense 
to tight comedy to thought-
provok in g ab surd ism to 
original pantom ine. and 
back again. 

Inc luded in t he 
production are The Tridget 
of Greva by Ring l ardner, 
Animal by Oliver Halley, 
Trouble In The Works by 
Harold Pinter, Wanderins 
by Ld nl ord Wilso n, 

Salutations by Eugene 
lonesco, Come and Go by 
Samuel Beckett , and Wind· 
Up an o r igina l pi ece 
deviced in the drama Club 
workshop. 

All pertormances are In 
the UCSD Th eatre on 
Matthews Campus. Even ing 
performances begin at 8:00 
PM and th e Saturd ay 
matinee at 2'(X) PM. Ad-
mission is free, but due to 
limi ted eating in the in-
t imate UCSD Theatre , 
tickets are required . Tickets 
are available at the Urey 
Hall Box Office 

Special Student "Dllcounted" 
Auto Inlu,.nce 

For Qualified Studentl 

Offered E.c5u., ... , ill :.. .. ~I."\J " . 
Monte R. K.11ey Inluranc. AllenCy 

Drlv. by or ctH loay for. Quotedon - Ph. ..,...;s 
MotorCyCle lnou .. nce Tool 

COLLEGE STUDENT 
INSURANCE SERVICE 

_Coltee, tc~C~. Mon'.lIma) 

P"I~ 4) Triton Timfl, Marc:h ll, 1,74 



$POIUS 
~-----~.~--------------

1M News 

Soccer Ending 
;)occer, be it c<H!d or 

men's , has become one of 
the most popular intramural 
sports at UCSD. As the end 
of the season nears, the 
leaders of the c<red teams 
prepare for the play-offs 
between the three leagues, 
The winning team will play 
in the AII~al tournament 
here March 9 and 10. 

I n the c~ed division 
there are three leagues: 
Chicken, Turkey and Hawk. 
Leading the Chicken League 
are the I kes followed 
closely by the Casey Jones 
Express. The Ikes appear to ' 
be the stronger with 
continual . hard play and 
easy victories, while Express 
record has been bolstered 
by forfeits. Stand-outs for 
the Ikes include John Wiest 
and Jan Rubbmark. 

In the Turkey League, the 
contest is between the 
Kickbacks and the Goat 
Nads, with Kickback in 
front. Earlier in the season, 
however, the Goats got past 
Kickback, 1-0, 50 it remains 
to be seen which is actually 
the better team. Mary Hufly 

has proven to be one of the 
strongest female players in 
the sport for Kickback . 

The closest league race is 
between Bookend and 
Pegasus, the difference 
between the two being a tie 
game putting Pegasus just 
behind. Although beaten by 
Bookend, 5-1 , Pegasus has 
generally appeared to be of 
the same caliber. The 
strength of Pegasus is 
demonstrated by Ingrid 
Benirskhe, Peter Latham 
and Jeff Stacer. The main 
stand-out for Bookend is 
Flavio Corona. 

In men's soccer, the 
leagues are Rhinos and 
Burros. The Rhino League is 
led by Black's Beach, due to 
the sk ills of its players, Kent 
Lawson and Pete Latham. In 
the Burro League, the 
Unknowns are in first, 
followed by the Rats . Oscar 
Vocal has been strong for 
the Unknowns. 

Season play wi II be 
wrapped up this weekend, 
followed by play-offs and, 
next weekend, the AII~al 
tournament. 

An nou ncements 
T ennis at its best - come, first-served baseball 

Tuesday April 2 - 5 pm on viewing opportunity. Call 
the Muir Courts. Come out Harry at ext . 2285 for 
and cheer on your net team reservations or further 
as they challenge a strong information . The deadline 
and ex per i e n c e d for this great deal is 
Faculty/Staff team , Thursday, April 30. 
featuring the likes of Jack 
Doudlass, Tad Yamaguchi 
and Manley Young. No 
charge for this exhibition of 
great tennis . 

•• ****** 

See the new look San 
' Diego Padres, with some 
newly acquired stars as 
Willie McCovey, Glenn 
Beckert and Bobby Tolan, 
play the Atlanta Braves, led 
by soon to be all-time home 
run hitter Henry Aaron . 
That's right, Padres vs. 
Braves, Thursday night , 
May 16 at 7 pm. 

For only $10, enjoy the 
game seated in a privately 
glassed in area on the press 
level (right behind home 
plate) and snack on all the 
cold-cuts, soft drinks and 
beer you can eat and drink. 
And save gas too! Price 
includes your very own bus 
which will leave from UCSD 
at 6 p.m. and return to the 
campus after thll game. 

Make your r~servations 
early, this is a S'Jecial first-

To all those worried 
about the energy crisis, 
relax . Forget about oil 
shortages and "No Gas" 
signs and take a journey 
back to the era of gaiety ... 
the 1890's. Stav at home for 
the Memorial day weekend, 
as people did then, and 
help UCSD to celebrate a 
"Gay Nineties" happening 
on Saturday, Mar 25 . 

Beginning at noon on the 
Muir Field, a full "Gay 
Nineties" Dress Croquet 
game, an old-fashioned 
Bathing Beauty contest and 
a "Gay Nineties" carnival 
will highlight the afternoon . 
Dance to the nostalgic 
music of the past and enjoy 
refreshments served in the 
style of the times. 

All students, faculty and 
staff are cordially invited to 
part icipate in this unique 
energy conse rvat io n 
happening . Also, those 
willing to assist in any way 

Mandarin & Shan,hai 
Style 

Chinese Restaurant 

10'V. off dinner 
menu with student 

MAY WE SUCCEST 
OURCHINESI 

SMOIIGASeOARD 
WEIIlDAY LUNCHES 

1017 prospect 
LA JOlLA 
454-.. 

Cunningham to 

Replace Reeves 

As Cage Coach 
Frank Vitale, Acting 

Director of Athletics, 
announced today that 
Barry Cunningham has 
been renamed head 
basketball coach at UCSD 
where he coached the 
Tritons from 1969 to 1972. 
Cunningham will replace 
part-time coach, Bill 
Reeves, a member of the 
Physical Education staff 
at San Diego Mesa 
Coller, '3. Reeves YOlun-
teered his 88f'Vlces to 
UCSD two years ago when 
Cunningham reSigned as 
coach to devote his full 
time to teaching duties. 
Vitale said, "Barry asked 
to be reassigned because 
of a strong desire to 
return to the coaching 
ranks." He emphasized 
that "Bill has done an 
excellent Job with our 
baskeball team during the 
past two years, and leaves 
with the highest praise 
from the UCSD tearn 
members, as well as 
opposing 'players and 
coaches." 

In his two years at 
UCSD Reeves led the 
Tritons to season records 
of 13-13 and 14-12 . 
Highlights of the past 
season Included wins 
over USIU and Westmont, 
NAIA District III play-off 
selections. The Tritons 
finished with a 7-3 
Northern Division league 
record and only a last slx-
second loss to Westmont 
prevented the team from 
gaining a play-off berth. 

with the preparation for this. 
happening are asked to 
contact Harry at ext. 2285 
as soon as possible. 

POSITION 
AVAILABLE 

The University of 
California at San Diego 
Is seeking to fill a half-
time pOSition in the 
office of Vice Chancellor 
for Academic Affairs, 
title - ASSistant Coor-
dinator for Affirmative 
Action . Salary $8500-
12,000 for half-time on a 
12-month basis. Submit 
resumes to Dr. Paul 
Sallman, Vice Chan-
cellor for Academic 
Affairs, 105 MC, UCSD, 
La Jolla, CA, 92037 by 
March 25, 1974. 

The University of 
Celli., San Diego II .... 
equal o 'pportunlty-
afflrmatiYe action 
~~~~~~~~"~~"'~~Lem~PI~~~. ________ ~ 

Obscure Sports Dept. 

Lacrosse Comes to SD 
by Kirk Robinson 

UCSD hu always been 
proud of its reputation of 
IYvi"l more inteKol"te 
teams competin, in more 
IpOrb than most major 
lIniwrsities in this country. 
~et most of these teams are 
.. c:ld,. in participants or 
are a select poup of people 
that keep the team to 
themselves. And to that end 
most of these sports remain 
relatively obscure to the 
bulk of the student 
population at this school. 

Over the next several 
weeks I hope to make the 
reader aware of many of 
these unknown Sportl u I 
look into the teams 
themselves and find out 
what is happeninl with 
them. I hope to cover such 
teaml as the lid, crew, 
track, IYmnastics and other 
lportl that I have not yet 
even heard about. 

To begin this series I will 

take a look at the game of 
Lacrosse. Before r~sear­
ching this article the only 
exposure I had ever had to 
the game was a baseball 
coach who pitched batting 
practice with a lacrosse 
stick. 

Anyway, I went to see 
David Ryer, the coach of 
the San Diego Lacrosse 
Club (he also doubles as the 
Assistant Chancellor here at 
UCSD). Also present was 
Rob Sisco, the team 
manager. They were both 
delighted to have someone 
other than a-lacrosse player 
interested in lacrosse. 

They briefly explained 
the game to me before 
going into specifics about 
the SDLC. Lacrosse is a 
game that is native to 
America, having been 
played by tribes of Indians 
throughout "'merica prior 
to the arrival of the white 
man . Since then lacrosse 

ABA Ref· Middleton 
Visits Refling <lass 
It was tantamount to 

having a Nobel laureate in 
Chemistry speak to a 
graduate seminar on the 
Schrodinger Equation, That 
is not what happened, but it 
may well have been, when 
Ed Middleton, a senior ABA 
referee, came to speak to 
Bob Moss Psychology of 
Officiating Class last 
Thursday. 

Middleton has been with 
the American Basketball 
Association for several 
years, coming over from the 
NBA a year after the new 
league was formed . He got 
into refereeing almost by 
accident . After quitting as a 
coach in a junior league he 
decided he could ref the 
games better than those 
people already refereeing 
the games. From there he 
went on to refing High 
School ball. At that point he 
went to an MBA tryout 
camp for referees and won 
himself a job with the pros . 
Six months later he was 
with the ABA. 

It was Middleton 's 

presented by the aspIring 
referees, and giving advice 
on how to referee a game. 
Needless to say he brimmed 
with the self confidenc;e 
and the positive attitude 
that is the basic philosophy 
behind Moss' class. 

The members of the class 
make up the core of refs 
that all you intramural jocks 
seem to be complaining to 
all the time. They are also 
responsible for umpiring 
the UCSD Varsity Baseball 
team's home games. The 
members of the class are 
also being prepared to 
umpire in several baseball 
leagues in San Diego 
County this summer. 

DAY SPORT OPPONENT 

Tu. Wornen'. P.I_r 

..... etbell , 
ThII .. Women'. G.-ont · 

'_etbell 

Frt ,--" P.cltlc Chrta1llln 
Set M .... •• T .... n .. UID 

has spread to all parts of the 
world, presently being the 
national sport in Canada 
(not hockey) . 

The game, in its present 
version is played with 10 
men to a side (a goalie, 3 
attackers, 3 midfielders and 
3 defensemen). 

The field that lacrosse is 
played on is 110 yards by 60 
yards wide. The object of 
the game is to score goals 
by putting a round leather 
ball into a relatively small 
goal. The players use sticks 
(shaped somewhat like a 
fishing net only long and 
narrow and very shallow) to 
transport the ball up and 
down the field and to score. 
The game is played much 
like ice hockey, but with 
minor variations in rules 
and playing surface. 

On the collegiate level in 
America, there are NCAA 
championships, but these 
are usually dominated by 
the eastern schools, 
especially those located in 
the Baltimore area (John 
Hopkins; Navy, Maryland) . 
The games popularity has 
slowly spread west, though 
many western schools have 
not yet picked up the game 
on the intercollegiate level 
due to traveling expenses. 
In the west the game is 
presently played on the 
club level. 

The San Diego Lacrosse 
CI ub is such an 
organization . Like several 
other sports at UCSD it is 
organized as a club, 
meaning one doesn't have 
to be a student to be able to 
play. The SDLC is the first 
lacrosse club ever in San 
Diego County and as such it 
has members from all 
segments of the San Diego 
community. Presently there 
are 30-40 people in the 

continued on pale 11 

LOCAnON nME 

Main Gym 4pm 

MaIn Gym 4pm 

Olemond 3:311 p 

Mul,Cta. 2 pm 
second visit to the class and 
I wouldn't be "calling it to 
perfection" if I didn't say 
that the session was en-
joyed by all those present. 

e __ 11 
.. oIa Idoub ...... " Dlemond noon 

Middleton seemed to 
enjoy the evening as much 
as anyone. He spent the 
time relating some of this 
experiences as a referee, 
answering quesions 

SPORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR SERVICE 

and 
AUTO UPHOLSTERY 

For All Cars 

CONSIDERA liON 
TO STUDENTS 

7638 FAY AVENUE 
IN THE "!All 

LA PLlA, CALIF. 
454-1920 

Ru,by I Pomona I 

Ru,by II CSDH 

Rugby III Porn_II 

Mul, Fld 1:311 pm 

Mul, Fld noon 

Mul, Fld 3 pm 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
new midway 
fed mart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions lolled 
contact lenses fitled 

M_T_~"'­
-_.,""'. 
--.. 

.. -.- ....... 

....... 
" ............. 
CIeeMI WI. *,. 

. 224-217-

-Housing Situation: Who's Left Out? Lacrosse ••• Unified High School District has donated S600 to 
the club for the purchase of 
basic equipmpnl as wpll (IS 
let the club II~P thp 5.111 
Dieguito HS field for its 
games. 

c'ontinued hum pate 1 
The recommended San 

Diego dorm rates for the 
next year will be about the 
same as those projected 
rates announced by 
Housing Administrators at 
the other UC campuses. A 
sampling of those rates 
shoWS Irvine with a 
projected rate of 11420, 
Berkeley with 11425, and 
UCSB with S1430 for a 
double room occupant with 
a 19 meal ticket . 

The Committee at-
tempted to shave 17 off the 
dorm rate increase by 
recommending the abolish-
ment of the 14 meal plan . 
This would mean that all 
dormitory residents would 

have to be on a 19 mea I 
plan. 

S7 would be saved by 
such a measure because of 
the adm i n istrative work 
needed for the main-
tenance of two different 
meal plans. 

However, after the 
Resident Deans of all three 
colleges repc ,ed back to 
the commit.ee on the 
negative student feedback 
on the plan the committee 
decided against such an 
action , 

The committee kept the 
dorm rates from going as 
high as 11484 and the other 
rates down as well by 
cutting back on S35,000 
worth of current service 

personnel and by not 
recommending the hiring of 
150,000 worth of more 
service personnel . 

Despite the raising of all 
housing rates the housing 
deposit for next year has 
been reduced from 5SO to 
545 . This deposit will not be 
refunded if a student 
terminates his Fall contract 
between June 1 and Sep-
tember 16. This fee covers 
the administrative cost of 
handling a cancellation . 

The deadlines for making 
and breaking of contracts 
were moved up because of 
the housing squeeze. 

Housing contracts for 
next year will be more 
specific than this year and 
will include items that were 

Tentative routes, one to 
P.B.-D.B. and two into 
Clairemont and University 
City, are shown for the new 
south -of-campus bus 
system to start next quarter. 
Comments on the routes 
should be sent by campus 
mail to Student Task Force 
on Transportation, 108 
Matthews Campus. 

••• 

Graduate students may 
apply for an intern position 
in the Office of Graduate 
Studies. 

Support will be at the 
Research Assistant level 
(1353 per month) and no 
other University ap-
pointment can be held 
con currently . The suc-
cessful applicant will work 
with the present intern 
(Mark OVergaard) on 
various projects affecti ng 
the graduate student body 
at UCSD. Applications are 

available in the Office of 
Graduate Studies and 
Re_ Jrch, 108 Matthews 
Campus. Deadline is 5 pm 
Friday, March 15. 

II 
THE SENATE 

formp.rly includ~d only in 
the residence hall hand-
books. 

Such items as meal plan 
and room changes, 
refrigerator size and 
cooking restrictions, and 
key loss procedures are now 
included in the contract. 

Also, the university 
reserves the right to utilize 
dorm rooms for con-
ferences during both winter 
and spring breaks and will 
then assume responsibility 
for all personnel property 
left in the rooms by 
stlldents . 

lhe contracts will also be 
more specifi c about the 
university's liability for 
personnel property and 
housing payment terms. 

continued from pale 10 
club, with the bulk of the 
members being UCSD 
students and Navy per-
sonnel who played in the 
east in their college days. 

The team competes in 
the California Lacrosse 
Association, a league made 
up of Dine Southern 
California clubs , The SOLC 
has played three games to 
date, winning two and 
losing one. 

Expenses for equipment 
has been one problem that 
the club faces. As a result 
there is a $25 membership 
fee to pay for the necessary 
equipment. The club has 
been fortunate in one 
respect. The San Dielzuito 

The Club is presently 
look ing into the feasibility 
of having one of· its home 
games here on cam pus In 
order to expose st udents to 
one of the oldest and most 
exciting sports in America. 

The team also welcomes 
new members. If you have 
the membership, the desire, 
and a basic knowledge of 
the game, come to one of 
the practices (held on 
Wednesdays and Fridays at 
5 pm on the Revelle field) 
or contact Rob Sisco. His 
telephone is 453-1754. 

Our Officer Selection Officers are looking for a few good college men-
maybe 3 out of 100-who will make good Marine officers. If you're one of 
them, we'll give you a chance to prove It during summer training at Quan-
tico, Virginia. 

Our program Is Platoon Leaders Class, PLC. With ground, air and 
options. You might even qualify for up to $2,700 to help you through college. 
But If money Is all you're looking for, don't waste your time. 

The challenge is leadership. If you want it, work for it. If you've got It, 
show us. It's one hell of a challenge. But we're looking for one hell of a man. 

r Ii: Iiari:. • ~'''::d:":.:::'' Box 38901 Marine Corps Platoon Leaders I Loa Angeles, Calilornia 90038 Class. (Please Print) 
I Name _______________________________________ Age ____ _ I Add~. _______________________________ _ 

Clty _______________ St8te _______ ,.~lp ___ _ 

I School _______________ --,,--__________________ """"Class 0' ____ = = 
I Phone ____________ SOclal Security #---------I' you are a senior, check here 'or Inlormatlon on Officer Candldat •• CI ... O. 
._._._.-------

.' 

,. .: .. 



~--~----------------announcements----..... 

The fourth HeehJ'l Prof .... 
__ 1_ ~......., Mel wiN 
.. ..... dill ..,..... in tM 
...... FormeI Lou ..... 7. - .. 
PM All ..,........ atudentII .. 
IIWhM. but __ who wIN be 
eppIyIne to ...... 8CIhocM dill 
IlUmmer .. pet1IculMty urtted to 
etwnd- 11112) 

CNetIwhy Worbhop - M ....... for 
.,..... mldenta workl... on 
dl ... rt.tlonl to d.vll. nlw 
......... to 1,*-1NOductIvIty 
.nd to deel with bIooke to tM 
c..-ttve ~ Every Tueedey. 
from 3:JD to .. at tM Muir 
Ailertment T.V. Lou ..... For m_ 
Information. CCIfttaQt Dr. Merta 
low.n. It Counl.nn. Ind 
Peycholoelael ..",... Ext. 2711. 
131111 

Two very ehort but provocetlve 
fllme wi" be l'-n T_ by tM 
Rlv.n. GUllt-IN-Rllld.nce 
Committee. The Humen Recl Ie 
L...... ft Cellfomle 2IIDO A.D. 
~ two vIewe on the fu1ure 
of our world. The prwentetlon 
will be It I:3D p.m. In the Revel .. 
c.twt.rte. Tu.. M.r 12th. 13/1Z1 

A epeelal Sclenc. Clinic will be 
held .. ch Sat for thoR etudenta 
planning to take the MCAT. Ildg 
21. Rm 1103. 2p.m. 13/111 

FINAL DETAILS FOR TlUURIDE 
SKI TRIPI .Id c... M ....... 
March 12. T-. at 7. pm In 2A-
2113. T1cIl ... mey be purct-.d at 
meeting. 13/12) 

MUIR SENIORS pl.nnlng to 
Oredu.ta Spring Ouarter contact 
Muir Provoat Offlc. at onc .. 13/111 

Tu.. M.r 12th The Dept of 
Hletory wi" PNMm • pubHc 
I.ctur. by Lynn Whit.. Jr .• 
Prof_ IUCLAI on T ..... M., 
12th at 3 p.m. In Room 2C 1110. 
Prof White wi" -" on "Medical 
AItroIotIera .nd Leta Medieval 
Technology." Free. 111121 

SUIJECT A PROFICIENCY EXAM 
win be """ Frt. M.r 11th In tM 
Humenhlea UbNry Audltortum 
from 1-1 p.m, TNe ... m II for 
.ny_ who IIMde to fulfil the 
Subject A ,...ulNment. Slen-up Ia 
NQUired for __ nee to ... m 
from 1-3 p.m. "nee there Ia Nmltacl 
apace at tHe time. Any_ will be 
edmltted after 3 to 7 pm. For ...,.. 
up or .ny q~ cell: x1M4 or 
00 to litlE ... 10 office -·20 ". 
13/111 

The lateat IIet of unlvwaltlee .nd 
coli.... offerln. COU,..I In 
c.remlc .n.ln •• rln.. eel.nc. 
.nd! or _mlc .rt Ie .vell for 
rwt. .. _ at tM Ca_ 1IIennI ... 
ft P--.m lIbrwy. _ H ... 
Iidg. AIeo •• Ie .... I •• brochure 
.ntltled "C- Opportunhlea In 
C .. mlc E ... I-.rIng." 13/12) 

Spec ... IhowI .... of fllme .nd film 
strips with und.rw.t.r 
photography by the leta Ron 
Church wIN be ...-,ted Seta .nd 
Su .. during March at 2:JD p.m. In 
tM V.utlhen Aquerlum-M_m 
bid. .t Sc,lpp. In.t of 
Oc.-graphy. 131181 

wednesday 
Int.r-V.nllty. Trld.nt Chrl.tl.n 
FeI'-hIp wiN meet M.rch 13 at 
7:JD P.M. In Revelle Informal 
Lou..... len "'ne..on wII be 
..... klng on Luke's I .......... 
111121 

n-. wiN be • men ... of tM 
THIRD COlLEGE FACULTY .nd 
STAFF on WEDNEIDAY. March 
1" .t ..... m.ln Conf. Rm.A..111 
MC. 

ThIrd CoIIeee Faculty .nd Steff 
M .... ng win be held Wed. M.r 13. 
1174 •• t •• p.m. In Conf. Rm. A.. 
Ildg. 111 MC 13/12) 

M.rch 14. 7 p.m. Thuredey "The 
Orwet of tM Cold War" Armin 
.......... on. Ph.D.. Prof •• or of 
Hietory. UCID. ,,_ Z7Z2. Un-
d.r.radu.t.-'cl.no. lulldln •• 
Revelle CemllUl. UCID. Le JoNa. 
... 1J112) 

V ....... , F. Lenon. CIPeIetIor. 
,...,...,. for Icftpp •• D ...... 
Drllng ProIect. wII give • ... 
prooram on the .n.ln •• rln. 
-...eta of DIDP. He wi. be 
speakl ... at 1~ on n.uradey. 
M.rch 21at. In the 'umn.r 
Auditorium at lertppe lnatttut.. 
13/111 

There wII be • ThIrd C~ 
Commu~ COLLOQUIUM 
on Thuradey. Merch 12 at":GO p.m. 
In Conf. Rm.A.. 111 MC. Dr. 
Jo •• ph D.vld D.m, •• I. a 
.ooIoioelet from the Iohool ,of 
Medicine. UC-Devie wIN ..... on 
"OISERVATION. ON THE 
CULTURE. OF ROCK 
MU.ecIAN." FrtIe .nd Open. 

THE CHRI.TIAN .CIENCE 
COlLEGE ORGANIZAnON meatI 
-V n.ure In tM .1eIl. Con-
'- Rm at 7. AN .,. WEL 
11/11 

general 
W.nt to _ ..... 0,... people 
elected dill ......... In Sen DIego? 
CAlPIRG ,... 3 atucIente to 
work on ..,..,.... of eIeotIed of-
fIcIeII. Starta Immecl. Pol. lei 
credit eveIL Cell Ron or Jack .t 
_·11'11 _.111121 

A nME FOR WOMEN to come 
tOll~ or .1_ to tall 
common or Individual problem •. 
..... or "'u.. with women 
couneelora end .taft. Every Tu ... 
from 1:30 - 3:30 P.M. Comer Office. 
Revel .. Comm_. IEII 

A lilt of Spring Otr 1174 Greetuetea 
II poet.d outJIde the Revel .. 
ProvClet Offlce IJI,., 
montN. AII .. II ...... .,. ......... 

ctA8SlRED AD t-OLJCY: FREE In tM 0ftI0e of G,..... ....... 
TO ONt Y REGlfITE"ED GRADS .nd R .... roh. 1. M.tthew. 
AND UNDERGRADI AT THIS Cempue. DeedIIne ... pm. FrtcIev. 
CAMPUS. ALL ADI MUST .E March 1 .. 11/,. 
A CCOMPANIED WITH NAME 
AND VALID STUDENT 1.0 . The I)epertment of u..reture .nd 
THOSE ADS WHICH DO NOT the Department of VIIIUeI Arta 
FOllOW THIS I'OUCY IN AD- ..-wt PIO ..... Edouerf Roditl. 
DITION TO UNE UM"ATION who wII ... on: "'ymlioNet 
SPECIFICA TIONS WILL .E~" Monday. Maroh 11 .t 
DISCARDED. NON STUDENTS ... p.m. In the HL Aldtorkim. 
MA Y INQUIRE FO" AD RA rEB. Ev.v_ Ie conIeIty Invited to 
FO" MORE INFO CAll .,...., .ttend. 1111., 
X1D1' !E1I 

TAlK FORCE COO"DlNATORS: 
Sax Clinic. Wed . • ft 3-6pm Rev.lle, M....... Tuesday at .. In The 

Cou~ors Offtc. lnaxt to the Women'. Center. 11/., 
Provo.t Offic.1 X2231. Counnllng 
concerned with .. xual prob"m.. There wli be en URIAN. RURAL 
Judy Jorg.n .. n M.D. ft Hugh, STUDIE.·THI"D COLLEGE 
Pat .. Ph.D. IE11 COLLOQUIUM on FttcIQ. March 

••• t ... p.m. In Conf. Rm.A.."1 
AppIIce,*- .,.. eoIIcIWcI from Me. 8peMer wIN be DR. JDlEPH 
UCiD .reet atudenta I ...... In DAVID DAMRHL.. • i00i0101. 
filling. poehIon • Adml .... b.1hie from .... IchooI of ....... at 
Intern In the 0ftI0e of G ........ UC-DevIe, wIN ..... on "ON 
StucIea. SuPPort wIN be at the STARTING A HEALTH 
R_h AeeIetent level I.., ..... CUNIC" Free end ()pen. 

r~--advertisements for ourselves----------------..... 
for sale 

Mlxfliid Plmlh Irt book Bnlnd 
new. co.t 25 HlI20 Tom IBox 475 
Solene B .. ch 920751 13/121 

1. MGB 1100 cc Ino mach perf. 
taiO. or tradl for vln of IquII 
vilul DAN 756-IlO2O 13/121 

BOSE 901 Dlr.ct/ R.fl.ctlng 
Speak.r Syet.m . ... Writ. John 
M.xw.lI. 6110 Winthrop. SO 12117 
(3/121 

For Sal.; U Baja Bug Xrto •• 
MI .... . 14110 70-1221 4210 J_ell 
(3/121 
FOR SALE COLOMBIA 
MASTERWORKS STEREO WITH 
AM FM RADIO. IF INTERESTED 
CALL ALISON AT 412-117&. MUST 
SELL (3/121 

Peugot U .. : Exlnt condition. N_ 
perte. tI,.. ft tu ..... . 100 or beet 
off. GALE 412-8142 13/121 

BEST OFFER. 2% Ib down beg. 216 
cm H .. d .kl • • Kelty/G.rry beck 
peck. KLH .t.reo. Roy 8-31_ 
(3/121 
6 old wood ft tin trunk.. good 
condo .10 ft '16. like new 
aluminum chalHloung. with ped. 
'10. 412-1236 (3/121 
'.1 Falcon 4-Dr Sed Good running 
cond Not .0 good look . • 110 131121 

For .. I • • MCAT p,.p.r.tlon Book. 
Contain. 4 Pnlctlc. Teate. Only .1 
Whll. SupplyUl L .. ta. 75870& 
13/121 

U •• d .t.r.o. Sony rlc. lv.r 
w/ Du.1 1210 turntabl. and 2 
• peek.rs. t3OO/off c.1I 418-C11i6. 
Mlk. (3 /121 
1. Bi.ceyna C~v ... dr·.m. 8 cyl 
• ng-rec.nt .ng ft 1 fa". o'haul .300 
or b .. t off 4Q.&G.!3 (P3/121 

1948 one-person h oue. tnlll.r 8' X . 
28' good .hape"O &-1741131121 

Dynec. PAT 4 PI.-np and two 
Meclnto.h MC3O'I. Alao Iota of 
aquartum • • atc. 7 '4-1714 (3/111 
FOR SALE Surfl ~rd 8·.... 20" 
wide. C.II412-1001 or atop by Argo 
m . (3/ 111 
For SaI.J. lrowr. Helmet '10 Ic. 
Ax.N_·." 272-1112 Evenl .... 
13/111 

wanted 
Need • rtda to a.y _ Around 
II ...... ...,..".,. Unde .. 
_11/121 
twANTED Good. uaed ....... 
it- til vw ...... CeII_~". 11/,. 

'" 
ft _ ."' ... '. 'P' 

WANTED: Long. wide. obeolet. 
.urfb~rd. .10 prtc. rang. C.II 4Ii2.-. M.rk (31111 
need rtd. to D"'no can I .. v. 3/23 
- Nrty .ha,. PI call Stac.y 413-
2IiI1 13/181 

TRIAD GALLERY he. openln" for 
•• cu!ptor. prtnter. I_.'.r. C.II 
211-4143. 3101 Indle St. 13/111 

NNd rtde to I.y .rtIe .t .nd of 
qu.rter. Will help pey for ..... cell 
413-771 .... k for Don. 13/111 

WANTEDj Well endowed girt to be 
tope.. , w.ru-. at commltacl 
frtenda bechelor party .. ...... 
(3/111 

Obedient. .ffectlonate. talented. 
healthy ft H.nctaom. Germe" 
Shepherd 1"...1., deal,. mati". 
without .. pe.,.,.. ... _.0. 13/181 

'T"EAKERSII N •• d 400·100 
pertlclpenta to brtlek U. S. In-
tercoll.gl.t. r.cord. R.v.lI. 
piau. Wed. noon 412'- J_. 
(co-ceptalnl. 13112' 

RIDE NEEDED to Barttaley or Sen 
Franclaco. M.rch 20 or later. cell 
Eric. 711-1. 13/111 

Ride to LA. S.t. 3/23. or Sun. Will 
help pey for g_. C.II Chrll. 412· 
1812. 13/111 

W.nted: B... pleyer for rock 
balnd. Call Alen. 4I3-D4I 131111 

Will pay experl.nc.d p.rson to 
r.bulld 1ChpNd blk.. 43f.231i7 
.v .. 13/121 

NHd • rid. from MI •• lon Hills 
er... Hav. no car. but will h.lp 
with g ••. Jan 412-8341i 13/121 

KSDT will b •• Iectlng Ita etatlon 
manag.r for n.xt y •• r .t the eta" 
mHt to be held Apr. 11. Anyon. 
'nt.r .. t.d In running for the 
po. ltlon .h::u!" aoply now 
through the Stud.nt Employment. 
210 MC. The POlltion cem.. a 
.mall .tlpend. 13/121 

NH4 rid. to S .F. or B.rkel.y Mar 
20. Will .ha,. lIN. C.II Selly • 412-
1175. 13/121 

NNd • rtde to Sen Fnln on or aft 
Mer 23. Will she,. ..... drtvl .... 
Cell Julie 222.antCethy 211-1 • . 
11112) 

Any_ who Ilea _en the .. 
MCATI c~ .nd can _ 
ment It .... ceII_...,. 11/12) 
HELPI Need rtda to ley Artie for 
..,.... break. WII .......... dftvI ........ _._ 1J112) 

. ..'" . .-... 

WANTED: Big. old. ch .. p aurf· 
b~rd. Del 4I2~ (31121 

nead rtd. down Bela highway (up 
malnland7l. qtr brtlek .ha,. g ... 
drtvlng Jim 412 ... (3/121 
Int.r .. ted In .kl trtp to Tao. ov.r 
aprtng brNk? C.II John McV.y. 
462 .... (31121 

personal 
FEELING REJECTED LATELY ... 
THEN CHECK OUR CLASSIFIED 
AD POliCY ... CORKY (E11 
ONLY 21 CLEANING DAYS UNTlL 
PESACH. 13/12) 

D. I hope you enJoyed your 20th. 
W. 13/12) 

nOOA 3RD FLOOR LOVERS: 
Don't be _-you know I ed_ 
you too. Conchita 13/121 

MISCHIEVOUS MARK: When'. 
our hot .ta1 You etlilowe m •• 
Polaroid p-. .. Conchlta 13/121 

ALAN · Stop HOPE· lng .nd Iet'. 
get tOllether .nd have • good 
tlm.1I1 MAD ft MAR 131121 

M.ry I Lov. You - Jim 13/121 

VAL ft CLAIUCE - From your other 
half. Good luck In Lov •• Life .nd 
Flnelalll MftM 131121 

A wHkend without booba "'vee 
m. flet. .. Whlch elevetor button do 
I u •• ? Au_wwwwwwwwl 
13/121 

Hairy. prallmlnery reporte Indlcet. 
you·r. h.z.rdous to m.ntal 
health. 13/121 

Thl. person.111 • bletant w •• t. of 
.peC • . Cozmo M. 13/121 

I .m d .. .,.,.tely In lov. with a 
m.mber of the ........ 11 t .. m with 
the Initial. J .S. 131121 

CATHY ... You forgot your lun-
ch ... Rlch (3/121 

~ 14 ". TM c!l!D!!l!1lgnl i oend ftyen eveIlebIe: _ .... 
L-113/121. 

To the • atNeken who did It thru 
2722 In lIno1l'l U. leotu,.thet 
_ .reatI 11/12) 

lItde Treoye Lee a..-on: ,..... 
F8Iry GOlf .................. _ to 
tM ..... ~ron 11/121 

A".. ......... ~W ... 
try ... 1" ne.t ~ •• rterl 
M ...... _ G ........ n. c.-... 
111121 

To RWJ .t UTMSH: W ....... my 
... 1 From FlG 13/121 

PROE. HALPERN; I rtlelly dldn't 
mNn It. Dldn't w.nt It to b. tak.n 
Hrlou.ly. I'm lOrry (3/121 

Littl. C.rrot Sorry. your ad w •• 
,.jected. The Phantom EnlHr 
Throw.r (3/121 

Oh Mitchell. You',. driving m. 
med with dealra. submltll THE 
PHROOG. 13/12) 

housing 
Roometa w.nted MO/mo 3 bdr 
neer uCld utll~ .xtnI cell 413-
nIf1 1'l/121 

F. rmmet. needed. hou .. In W nr. 
beech. own .m. room _ ...... 0. 
13/121 

FEM. RMTE WANTED TO SHARE 
HOUSE IN P.I. CAU PAUL m· 
.10 or ........ 1 13/12) 

Room for rent In hou .. with • 
others. % block from Wind "n" 
S .. beech. LJ. '75. C.II ..... 
13/121 

F Rmmt for 2-etory Le Jollan Apt. 
w/2 F grade. Own Br t"O. sha,. 
. . .. ..,. .fter Ipm. 13/121 

F gnld needed to .ha,. Ig 2·bd 
houae wI .. m • . 20 min to cempu. 
tI2.&O. 217 .. 11 eva. B.rb. Conny 
13/121 

M.I. roomet. to .ha,. .pt. In 
Sole.'!II Bch. CI_ to bua/beech . 
17.70 plu. mo . .... 131121 

Rmm.t. w.nted: 2 BR Clelramont 
dupl. .lO/mo iutll. Fln.ncl.lly 
f.'lebl.cell Stave ~1' 13/121 

The beet houH In Clelramont. 
.har.1t wI 3 glrll. own room. flIPI. 
y.rd move In Immed • • 711 mo m-
1iOIII'l1111 

Aptmeta needed.your own room 
for 1PIf". quarter. MO/mo frnahd. 
Tom or I.rt 2JO.872 13/1'1 

Female roommate Meded Privata 
room .nd beth H_ prtvIled .. Clairmont _ _ /mo I,.... 
.,141 III,., 

Female "mmta. In wvw..e AI*. 
-.. ............. _in. 
_ • ~ Cell: __._. 
III1It 

,... ,,- ....... .... 
_ Del Mer .,_ .... .... 
_ ...... CeII ....... .... 
1t. 11/111 

ROOM ATE needed to .ha,.. room 
In 2 bdrm . • pt.. Del Mil. _/mo. 
Start Apr. 1. Cell 115-1741 .ft • 
13/1'1 

. 

serviCes 
HANG - GLIDING LESSONS 

for 1_ 3 bdm houae In Sol Bch lEARN HOW ON SAND DUNES 
to matura couple t23D m ev 1/11 .11 for the dey 711-3128 (3/121 
715-1142 (3/111 

lost & found 
TENNIS LESSONS: guarantnd. 
PlY only If •• tlafled. Stud.nt 
rat.. . St.v. B .... tt 411·3766 
(P3/121 

LOST: A turquol.. br.c.l.t Th. M.th. Phy.lc. Clinic c.n 
betw .. n B .. k •• nd Rev. Cefe. 3-2. 
P ..... cell 412-1771 R rdl 13/121 meka It ...... to prepare for flnell 

... and pl'llCtlce dol... problem •. 
Tutors In the oIInic epecIeIIu In 

LOST brown Ieet'- hat with brim low.r-dlv m.th .nd phy.lc. 
Tu. Feb. 21 Muir Bide. lA 2nd. flr c ...... ()pen M·Th 12 ... nd 7.10 

' Lelk .. 7502 11ft 7pm. R_rd P.M .• Fri 1 .. P.M . • nd Sun 7·10 
131121 P.M. In rm .132. Ildg. 2A. 13/111 

LARGE REWARD for the retum of 
.n orsnga llUede coat loat Wed. 
M.r . • In 20 1 •. PlEASE cell .. 
_13/121 

LOST· 2122 ~r gym or In men'. 
locker room. Belko _tch. bIu. 
fec •. Cell 412'- REWARD 13/12) 

LOST- blue plaid leekat In Ilomed 
3 ..... go REWARD ~ 
131121 

LOIt Thomel Celculul book. It 
.,.. the .. me John Dart In It .nd 
my phone number. Tart "18M. 
131121 

The 110 ft Chern CRnIe II open 12· 
1 M·F .nd 7·10 P.M. 'un-Thull. 
Gat help with bIo Mel cham. 111111 

VORACIOU. RAPID. GULP .t 
youl Eecepe to Attv.lture MS. 
lox m. .... nIeh Fork. U .... .-
Ip 3/11' 

TYPING - MARILYN would Ilk. to 
type your ............... Me. .he II 
.. p.rI.no.d on .n ty,.. of 
........... _neIIl •• nd ... 
.n 11M. Cillremont .......... 
cell her at .. ,.. 13/,., 

TYPIST: Feat.. s ...... CeII_ 
found: •• m.11 black d", (pUppYl 1272 131111 
In the vicinity of 24th .St In o.e. 
M.r. call: __ 13/121 PI.no t •• ch.r d.llr.. mora 

etudenta. L_ rata8. will come to 
LOlt·bleck .I.ph.nt heir houM. D18ne .... 117 III.' 
brecalet.P'- cell •• 1G7I Aft 
for Jannl. Thenk .. 111111 

Loat·Corduray Jeckat Ibrownl In 
Phy8Ica lAS cleMroorn. If found 
cell _-1111. 111111 

IROWN ENGLISH IOGART-TYPE 
HAT LOll IN RM. 11112d on 311. 
SENT VAlUE NO QUE. CAU 
GEOFF Nm. ~ 11/11' 
FOUND .mell umbreNe with gold 
.... decoration .nd Ion. comer -N. 
Torrey PI_ Rd. .nd La Jolla 
S..,.. Dr. 13/11' 

LOST: Yellow. nned ...... with 
m .... 111 voIu_ .nd .... in-
formation for UP! M ......... 
from Cenb8I LINery Bun. Meroh 
Jrd. ...... rwtIurft to CInIuIetIon 
DeM In the CentreI a...y. " not 
.................... re ..... ....... 
............. _ ........ 11/ .. 

lAet: 1_ ..... oheaII .... 1l 
PIeeee ......... eo. It .. 
......,.w. 

.. MWAIID-hr ............. 

............ ,. .. 1.0.--.. 

......... ---

EUROPE-ISRAEL·AFRICA. 
Student fllghta all veer round . 
CONTACT: ISCA ... Unlveralty 
Ave. _11 San Diego. C.IIf. 12116 
Tal: 171"1 217-3010. 1213' ..... 
1'l1111 

lOOK YOUR SPRING RUEII· 
VAnONB WITH lAM HOUIE .of 
TRAVEL ...... - NO CHARGEI 
IP3I1I' 
SSW TRAVel OFFICE ON 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS In· 
ternatl_1 Center ____ 10-
128m delly. 2-11pm MWF. Cherter 
fn.ht.. Int'l ID C.rd •• 
EureN.Trtpplng. GfIYhounci. NA. 
.1rtI .. tick .. ft atc. 1P2\1\ 11' 
file'" Y., "ound Eu,...., AeII. 
11,..1. Contact: I.TC. III 
N.a-t¥ Dr •• a-ty HIlI. c.. 

"''''~I''' 
MIl 1'ICUft 0lIl UC8D ~ 
PUB .,."........ A ....... 
...... ... TRAVILOMCI _ 
-...". 


