
Freidkin Enters Hospital 
Again; Minor . Inflammation >-

. 
; t,ritoll 't-imes 

Vglume 23, Number 29 
. ~ .. UCSD Wednesday, November 27, 1974 

.. , . 

Revelle provost Morris Freidkin 
is in University Hospital again, 
this time for treatment of a minor 
infection under a cast. 

Freidkin had been discharged 
to recuperate at home last week 
following major surgery in Oc-
tober to fuse bones in his pelvis. 

The surgery last month was 
scheduled when it became clear 
to doctor's that· satisfactory ~CSD's new poetry jqumal, Helicon, hilS encount"etl vilrious printing problems ilnd will not ilppear 

until today. It is aVilililble at EDNA, the Revelle ilnd Muir Lit offices, the Triton Times and on the 
Revelle PlaziI. '· , 

Minor Compliution 
Three Years Old 

Although Freidkins's doctors 
were not available for comment, 
University Hospital spokesperson 
Pat Jacoby told the Triton Times 
Freidkin has a "superficial in-
flamation under his cast," jl 
condition considered serious only 
to the extent that "it itches like 
helL" Jacoby said doctors would 
not offer a firm date for Freidkin's 
release, but added " it certainly 
won't be as long as the last stay" 
of a month . 

CAPE Is Most Heavily Funded Group 

An aide in the Revelle provost's 
office said no realignments of 
Freidkin's office will result from 
the rehospitalization. 

Mom's Fretd/un 
healing was not taking place in a 
pelvic fracture sustained in a 1973 
automobile accident . 

By Charles Heimler 
Since its beginnings three years 

ago as a Muir Special Project, the 
Course and Professor Evaluations 
(CAPE) has become one of the 
heavily funded UCSD student 
organizations, employing fifteen 
people and publishing twice a 
year. 

oop Consumes Spaghetti 
After One Hour Meeting 

CAPE is the only UCSD 
organ i zation th at eval uates 
undergraduate classes and 
professors. Each quarter the now 
fami liar bubble and comment 
cards are distributed in classes. 
The results are programmed into 
a computer, and the written 
comments summarized by CA PE 
editors. The conclusions are then 
published and made available 
free to the UCSD community. 

Food appeared to be the ex-
pediter Monday evening as the 
Student Cooperative rushed 
through a light agenda and ad-
journed at 7:30, only an hour 
after the meeting began. 

The meeting was .followed by a 

Mary Decker 
spaghetti dinner at the In-
ternational Center for Coop 
members, the funding of which 
was a point of controversy at the 
meting. 

Procedure 
A major proposal setting rules 

for procedure was introduced by 
S~ott Thayer, but was tabled by 
the body after severill members 
indicated they thought input for 
the formulation of the proposal 
had not been suffi cient. 

Thayer said he had written the 
motion in hopes of "making the 
meetings more orderly ." He said 
past Coop meetings have been 
"no more than shouting mat-
ches." 

The proposed rules would limit 
debate on motions and amend-
ments to the constitution , the 
latter having occupied much of 
the Coop's time this quarter. 

I n other action, the selection 
process for four Coop-€Iected 
members to the Budget Resource 
Group (BRG ) was begun. Coop 
members interested in one of the 
four positions, which were 
created to balance any racia l, 
sexual or ethn ic imbalances on 
the BRG, will appear before the 

Continued on Pilge 3 

Regents' Million 
CAPE is funded by a special 

grant ca lled the " Regents' Million 
Dollars," established for the 
purpose of evaluation of UC 
undergraduate education . UCSD 
received $70,000 last y~ar, with 
$16,800 going to CAPE. CAPE is 
asking for that same amount for 
this year, according to Lincoln 
Cushing, a member of the 
organization for over two years . 

The money CAPE receives is 
used to pay publishing costs and 
salaries. Between 12 and 15 
peopl now working in C PE 

'Alternatives'Listed for 
Thanksgiving Weekend 

If you're stuck at UCSD over Thanksgiving weekend, you will be 
supplied "some amount of diversion," according to Student Center 
.irector Mark Bookman. While " minimal," it is enough to keep you 
from goi ng completely crazy while studying for final examinations. 

All the regular attractions will be in operation . The Student In-
formation Center, closed for Thanksgiving, will be open 10 to 10:00 
p.m. Friday through Sunday, with the gym in business noon to 6:00 
p.m. those days. 

While there won't be any movies on Friday or Sat4rday, Sunday 
night will feature an as, yet undetermined flick at the Muir Five and 
Dime. Taking the movies' places in the gym will be a basketball 
tournament at 6:30 and 8:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday nights . 

In addition, Revelle College will hold a dance Saturday at 8:30 p.m. 
in the cafeteria. A UCSD ID card, in addition to some other picture 
identification, will be required for admission . Guest passes for non-
UCSD students must be obtained Saturday by 4:00 p.m. from the 
Resident Dean's office. 

As far as food is concerned, meal cards will not be in effect. The 
Muir cafeteria will be open on an a la carte basis. Thallksgiving night 
will be a full Turkey dinner with all the trimmings for 53.50. 

The Student Health Service will be open, with one professional staff 
member on duty all the time. . 

The Cluster Library will be open Thursday 9:00 to 5:00 p.m., Friday 
and Saturday 9:00 to 10:00 p.m. and Sunday 11 :00 a.m. to midnight. 

and receivi ng $2.59 an hour for 
up to 15 hours work a week, 
according to Cushing. 

CAPE is organ i zed on a 
collective basis, says Cushing. All 
decision involving hiring, work, 

Lincoln Cushing 
and publication lay-out are made 
by consensus of the group. 

"CA PE was originally organized 
as a project to provide an in-
formation base for student ac-
tivism," explains Cushing, " and 
that's stHI its underlying reason 
for existence." 

But, adds Cushing, CAPE has 
evolved to several "value levels ." 
They Inelude helping incoming 
students to choos classes, ad-
ding student input into the 
professor promotion and tenure 
processes, providing information 
for groups setting general 
education requirements and 
helping in student's deter-
minat{on of curriculum. 

Additionally, Cushing says 
CAPE provides information about 
education other than in classes by 
publishing professors ' in-
dependent study interests. CAPE 
also provides information about 
the quality of academic life, says 
Cushing, through the printing of 

department reviews . 
CAPE.. eV:lluations are included 

in pfOfessors' files, claims 
Cushing, and promotion and 
tenure committees consider them 
"valid information" in their 
decision-making 

All professors are evaluated 
v91untarrly, claims Cushing. CAPE 
sends a letter to the professor 
asking if he or she wants to be 
graded, and when and where the 
questionnaire cards can be 
passed out. Cushing believes it IS 
not proper to Intervene In a class 
unless there is student demand 
for It 

Criticism 
CAPE and Its practices have 

been crrticized, however. Some 
believe CAPE people are not 
qualified to evaluate classes. 
Other arguments lodged Include 
the claim that CAPE asks the 
wrong questions and that ItS 
format IS not valid for classes In 
which conveyance of information 
is not the primary purpose. 

But Cushing responds to these 
objectrons by arguing that 
professors wouldn't have their 
lobs If there were no students 

"If there is not suffiCient input 
into classes, students are gOing to 
get the short end of the stick," 
contends Cushing "Students are 
not now gf'ttlng their rrghts CAPE 
is one step In student deter-
mination of their educational 
lives" 

Continual evaluation of the 
questionnaire card and ItS written 
comments should substantldte 
each other, says Cushing 

"Any input at all is much more 
responsible that nq input. Prior to 
CAPE the only Input on courses 
were complaints to Provosts and 
department evaluations, which 
were not open to students," 
concludes Cushing. 

Continued on Page 3 

Thanksgiving Will Cost $3.50 
UCSD students who want to eat Thanksgiving dinner on campus 

will have to pay 53.50, says Larry Barrett, housing and food services 
director. 

The announcement of the 53.50 price has generated a number of 
complaints from students who must eilt here. 

According to Bilfrett, to keep the Muir Cilfeteriil open for 
Thanksgiving dinner four to five full·time employees, in addition to 
a number of part·time students, will have to be paid double. 

He said the more expensive Thilnksgiving food could not be 
compensated for elsewhere in the food services budget. 'We've got 
iI deficit as it is," he silid. . 

Recruitment of Minorities at UCSO: by Dilvid Cassidy The number of minority 
students thi year, Byrd said, is 
between 15 and 18 percent. Should Minority Student Oganizations 

Join in the Recruitment Effort? 
Five years ago, students and 

facu lty worked together to build 
a Third College, because they 

MECHA, organizations involved 
deeply in the early development 
of Third, feel recruitment of 

BSU and MECHA say the 
percentage of minority students 
has dropped here, and that 

The study rev_led that the percentage of 
black freshman had dropped In 7973 to 7.8 
percent from 8.7 percent In 7972. The total 
percentalle of mlnorltvlroup freshmen 
enrolled dropped from '1.8 percent to '13 
percent. 

.saw a void in higher education 
for minority students. 

Now, campus leaders of the 
Black Student Unioo (BSU) and 

minority students for the 
university is not suceeding '" 
keeping minority enrollment at 
an acceptable level . 

present recruitment program~ 
have tailed to ubstantlally 
Increase enrollment 

UCLA Study 

A study carried out earlier this 
year by Alexander Austin at 
UCLA su pports the contention . 

The study revealed that the 
percentage of black freshmen 
had dropped in the fall of 1973 
to 7.8 percent from 8.7 percent 
In 1972. The total percentage of 
minority-g~oup freshmen 
enrolled dropped from 14.8 
percent to 13 percent, Au tin 
reported 

And In an interview with 
UCSD EOP ' dire tor William 
Byrd the Tnton Tim wa told 
that "th number of mlnorrty 
tudent ha d r a ed by 1 8 

percent each year and that 1972 
was th be t y('ar for minority 
students at UCSD." 

In 1972, government figures 
show that minority enrollment 
at UCSD was 0.5 percent native 
American, 6 6 percent black, 6.6 
per.cent Chicano, and 45 

p~nt Oriental, for a total of 
1~rc"'nt. 

I. view of this apparent drop 
in ~ enrollment of minority 
tupent Irma Munoz, MECHA 
o halrperson, sa s the present 

I IUIUll III iJlU!:ircllll lidS lariaJ 
to recruit more tudent of color 
to the campus" Rllt B U 
cNairper on AI Zolar 101;1 
Munol In the belief that 
minority tud nt organizations 
(ould aid In the recruitment 
effort If th Y were allowed to 
tap part of fOP' S150,OOO 
annual budget, which is used for 

Continued on ~ ] 



r 

letter~ ' 
No Hospitality 

I realize it's not in my contract and everythina. 
but none the Ie,s I'm stuck here in the dorms this 
Thanksgiving bf.cause I've finals next week and not 
enough money to go home, and I've still got to eat. 

And I know it's not in my contract and 
everything, but I haven't got a car, 50 I can't get off-
campus to eat, and they're closing dow~ most of 
the food services on campus for the holidays, and 
eating a la carte is kind of expensive, but I:m not 
allowed to cook at all in the dorms, even to tide me 
over for the vacation . 

And I know Thanksgiving is kind of special, and 
it's not in my contract and all, but the only food 
service open on Thanksgiving is the Muir Com-
mons, and Thanksgiving dinner there is going to 
cost me S3.50 rather than the normal S2 .25. 

Now I'm sure someone thought that was a nice 
gesture or something, but I originally hadn't 
planned on all this extra expe~~e thl~ weeke~, and 
that extra-expensive ThanksgiVing dinner being my 
only eating option Thanksgiving day is .the ?iggest 
surprise yet. And they keep telling me It Isn t their 
fault, because ThanksgiVing weekend wasn't in the 
contract. 

Well, maybe I'll flip a coin and decide whether o· 
not to eat on Thanksgiving, but I wish to hell some 
warn 109 of all this extra expense appeared in my 
contract. I might have had the sense to look for a 
home that was more like a home and less like a 
bank and didn't close up for the holidays. Ob-
viou;ly hospitality isn't in the contract either. 

LARRY DECKEl 

CALPIRG Plea 
Many have said that students at UCSD ~re mor~ 

concerned with their own studies than With their 
surrounding community. The active support we've 
found for CALPIRG here doesn't support this ob-
servation. However, surveys of supermarkets, 
bookstores and car dealers, as well as studies of 
politicians ~nd land use, all cost money. And unlike 
most groups, we must rely on your voluntary 
contribution for most of our support. 

We urge you to support a student voice in the 
San Diego community by paying the $1 CALPIRG 
fee card Included in your winter registration 
materials 

VINCE SCHWE T 
SHERI STOLL 

STEVE COLMAN 

ALAN KR[M[N 
RANDY LEVITZ 
RON NORMAN 

ALA KR[MEN, RANCY LEVIT l , RON NORMAN, 
VI CE SCHWENT, SHERI STOLL, STEVE COLMAN 

Gays Organize 
I ~ympathlze completely With the gay man 

who wrotE' a letter to the Triton Tim s on Monday 
( oncprnlng th lack of gay organization or even 
communication on campus I have for thf' last 
couple 01 yecHs bppn thinking of getting such an 
o rganization started . I know five or six people 
dlready who might be interested, and Pt!1 haps If the 
r>erson who wrote the letter to the Triton Times on 
Monday (along with any others) would contact me, 
we could begin dOing something about thiS u.n-
fortunate situation next quarter My address IS . 
Df'pt of Literature, MUir College, or phone 452-
9531 DANIEL MORNEAU 

Fountain Flurry 
In reference to the turning back on of the Revelle 

fountain : I forwarded a letter of mine on the 
subject to the chancellor's office, along with some 
comments of my own. A week ago I received the 
following letter from Donald Sites, assistant 
chancellor for facilities management. 

Don Stretel 
APIS 

Your letter to Chancellor McElroy regarding the 
Revelle College fountain has been referred to me 
for reply. 

In checking out the reasons for discontinuing use 
of the fountain, it was turned off as a conservation 
measure during the energy crisis. The reason why it 
has not been turned back on is that some of the 
critical parts were stolen during the shut down and 
must now be repJaced . 

I have given instructions for the parts to be 
replaced and the fountain turned on but with the 
restriction that it be run for a limi ted period each 
day. While the energy crisis appears to be over, the 
costs of energy have risen tremendously. For in-
stance, the cost of electricity supplied to the 
campus has risen 90 percent during the past year 
and will continue to increase. Obviously, we are 

• entering an era where an assessment must be made 
of all energy uses and reductions made wherever 
feasible to do so. I believe that running the fountain 
part of the day is a reasonable compromise bet-
ween enjoyment of the fountain and costs for 
operation. 

DONALD H. SITES 

Charter Threat 
Low ost campus affinity charter flight; will 

become Illegal next year If a strong protE'st in 
Washington does not happen before Dec 5 ThiS 
new action by the Civi I Aeronautics Board (C A B) 
against charter flights could ffectively ground 
\\udents, fa ulty and staff who can not afford the 
price of chedu led airline flights Charter flights are 
u,>ually organized lor summer or holiday programs 
,'broad, school vacation program and ovprseas 
academi C program\ Charter flights u.ually 
rE'prpsE'nt a s;lVlngs of 50 per cent over regular 
schedulpd airline fares. 

The CAB move to end the affinity charters will 
take away the mo t popular typE' of low-cost air 
travel available to the a ad mlc community 45 
million travellers used thiS type of charter fli gh t 
dUring 1974 Spokesmen of the charter airline 
Industry describe th e A 13 ac.tion as an un-

necessary blow to millions of U.S. citizens already 
victimiLed by inflation and recession . They go on to 
predict a recession in the tourism industry if the C A 
I.l goes through with this action . 

The proposal to eliminate the affinity charter 
would leave only three alternatives for low-cost 
trav!?1. 1) A charter flight that must be purchased 
along with S25 per day in hotel and meals; 2) a 
charter flight that must be round trip and must be 
booked and fully paid at least 65 days before flight 
departure: 3) a commercial airline fare that limits 
your stay to 'a minimum of 22 days and a maximum 
of 45 days. 

The petition must be in Washington before Dec. 
5 because of the railroad job the CAB is attempting 
in this matter . Therefore we need all the help we 
cail "et during the next ten days. . 

Petitions are available in the Student Services 
West travel office in the international center at 
UCSD. In addition to signing the petition everyone 
is being urged to contact congressmen and the C A 
B (the Docket No. is 24908). 

Please do not feel this is a hopeless gesture 
because the CAB tried this two years ago and the 
protest at that time was enough for them to put the 
decision aside for two years . Hopefully the 
response this time will be such that the CAB will 
leave the affinity charters alone at least until a 
suitable alternative can be found to preserve low 
cost air travel . 

UCSD STUDENT SERVICES WEST 

CIA Ads 
Presently, the Occupational Outlook is at-

tempting to aid struggling students in their search 
for career satisfaction and financial secu rity with 
such firms as Montgomery Wards, Bullocks and the 
CIA. The Occupational Outlook, a quarterly 
publication of the Career Planning and Placement 
Office, was established and maintained for the 
purpose of conveniently presenting to students 
existing and upcoming career alternatives. 

o Sufficiently' perturbed by an advertisement for 
CIA positions in the Fall 74 issue, we have 
ascertained that this publication is funded solely by 
student registration fees while packaged and 
produced only by the Career Planning and 
Placement. We recognize and appreciate the 
service wh ich they are proficing, but also que tion 
the willingness to spend student monies on free 
advertising for any and all corporation s. We fully 
realize that university policy provides for the 
broadest spectrum of ideologies to be presented to 
all students 

However we question the validity of allocating, 
without qu~ lifi cation, student funds perpetuating 
the arena in which such notables as the U.s . 
Marines Proctor and Gamble, and the CIA are 
allowed' to solic it their wares Without charge 
Besides be ing allowed to further their morally 
questionable activ ities at student expense, these 
corporations and government organizations, upon 
advprtislng, are not requirpd to send representatives 
to defend charges or discuss their philosophies with 
concerned stud nts 

A SE'fious reeva luation of un Iversity priorities and 
a reassessment of policies and procedures regarding 
these matt rs ar necessary 

RON NORMAN LINDA MALKY 
ALEN RI:NEX ANDREA GINSBERG 
MICHA[L B. scon DAVID P[SBINt 

MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL R[PS 

N[W WORLD EDUCATIONAL 
TRIPS: SOUTH AMERICA 2-4 
Month experiences LOW-
COST. Brochure, write: PO 
BOX 2131, Salinas, Calif. 91901 

NEW 
LOCATION 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
~ CHRISTMAS CHARTERS ~ 
~ EUROPE: 8395.00 ~ 

~ NEW YORK: 8Z19.00 ~ ~ (Spaee Still Available) 
ACADEMIC 
RE~EARCH 

LIBRARY 
Thous;mr:j$ of Topics 

$2. " 5 per page 
Send for your up-ta-date, 
176·page, ,."ail ord~1 ... taI09 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
days deli\ery time) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SlllTE 1203 

LOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
Our matero .. " are sold lor 

research purposes only 

triton 
times 

COL'LEGE STUDENT 

STIS 
INSURANCE SERVICE 
5187 COLLEGE AVE· 583-9393 

M.lcolm A Smith 1rl,ro, 
fdw.rd [ Simons Menegmg Ediror 
J • .,h n H T.vlo,. C,t v Ed,tor 
Jon, Moody COfJV l ,h l o' 
M,kfl Rohmson BU$mftss M.neg., 
te,ry Dec.,,' Ar1S [ (J, ro, 

K,,1t Robmson SDO"'. Ed,tor 
John Snodf/, •• s. SCI.nee Edito, 
red Soe',." ""oto Ed,to, 
V.I"" .. Gir.,d 
O/,."d Cess,d,. 
Mit,/( WOllbl., 

Page 2 Triton Time, November 27, 1974 

~ 
~ 20~ys 

#1214 
Dec. 14Los AngeleslP~r15 TIA DC-8 
Jan . 2 P~ris/ Los Angeles TIA DC-8 

21 ~ys 
#1213 
Dec. 13 LosAnleles/New York TlA DC-8 

I~n . 2 New York/LosAngeles TIA DC-8 
For ~II your student ~nd University tr~vel 
needs contact: 
Student Services West 452.()630 
UCSD International Center 
Student Services West Hours: 
Tues. Dec. 3rd and Dec.4-13 

10-12 10·2 
Clos,d Dec 14·,an5 . A~ail.ote only to UCSD students, faculty, 
staN _ their immediate families. 

The Triton TI .... ""b ...... MIIftIIeY, 
Jeme, G Soto, A .. oc Cit, Editors 
Ketll. Co .... s.c .. r.'V 

Wed_d.y ...... FrI.y " In alflclellY 
rlcolnlald nud."t n ........ . 

Fr.n Krzyw;c'd A.J.J't 8u.Jme.ss publl.hed by thl UelD ee",· 
"".".g'It municetlOM lot". For ed __ _ 
Clle,'u He,m'.,. Edlro,I.' DI,.cto, "hone C -" For edltorlel ..... -. 

pllDnt C ·_ 

I POLITICS: James G. Soto I 
Udall -in '76? 

The 1974 election is just three weeks past and the 1976 presidential 
5weepitake, has officially begun. Arizona Congressman Morris Udall 
an.nounced last. week t~at he will enter the 1976 New Hampshire 
Pflmary, becoming the fltst of many presidential hopefuls to throw his 
hat in the ring. 

Udall, a Kennedyesque liberal, said he made the announcement so 
his people could begin to establi,h some sort of viable organization. 
Udall hopes to establish a center constituency which will be able to 
attract voters from the entire ,pectrum of the party. In 1972, Udall 
supported Senator Ed Muskie for president; and Udall believes that 
although Muskie was a liberal, he represented the Democratic center. 

One of the key areas of concern for Udall I, the distressing fact (for 
Democrats) that his party's presidential nominee, have been unable to 
do very well in the South and in the Rocky Mountain states in recent 
years. Udall, as a Westerner, believes Democrats must make some 
effort tp win in these regions . Although Udall would undoubtably 
protest, it is obvious that he subscribes to some of the notions held by 
Kevin Phillips, author of The Emerging Republican M~jority. Phillips 
contend5 (hat the electoral strength of the nation lies in what he terms 
to be the "Sun Belt. " The "Sun Belt" extends from the Border States, 
through the South and South-West, and to Southern California. Udall 
wants to start anew; a Democratic offensive to end Republican and 
Conservative domination in those areas. 

The Arizona Congressman believes there should be some attempt to 
woo the supporters of George Wallace. In a recent television interview, 
Udall said it is possible for the Democrats to understand the " message" 
(meaning the frustrations and aspirations of the Wallace supporters) 
without using the " messenger." However, Udall is no dreamer. He fully 
expects Governor Wallace to be a strong and influential force at the 
1976 convention and expects the convention to go more than one 
ballot. Udall feels the Democratic Party must then agree to find a 
candidate and a program that will unify the party and the country. 

Udall is certainly one of the more refresh ing people in the 
Democratic party, and his belief that the party must provide a broad 
base and not fall Into a narrow ideological rut can be identified as a 
positive step. One wonders, however, as to the strength of this hope 
and the strength of his candidacy. First, strong elements in the 
Democratic Party stil l insist upon clinging to their radical ideology, 
one that clearly irritated most voters in 1972. The question then 
remains . Can the Democratic party return to the grass roots? Udall's 
candidacy mu\t be Viewed from the reality that he is only a 
congressman from a small st ate and will have difficulty making his 
Id as known. Non-declared money-bag ca ndidates like Senator Henry 
Jackson and Texas Senator Lloyd Bentson have already raised over 
$300,000 aplPce and have been campaigning long and hard, ac-
cumu lating political I.O.U 's George Wallace has put out a mailer 
which has allowed hi grass root constituency to support his campaign 
to th tune of nearly a million dollars . So far Udall has only co llected 
$25,000; but hi> announcement last week may cause contributions to 
increasp substantially. The announcement that Senator Ted Kennedy 
and Minnesota Senator Walter "Fritz " Mondale will not run , may give 
fu rther Impetus to the Udall campaign. Udall could attract more votes 
from Kennedy and Mondale supporters than lackson or Wallace. 

As of today, the candldated who have declared their intentions or 
are running anyway include Udall, Governor George Wallace, Senator 
Lloyd Benston, Senator Henry Jackson, and f.ormer Senator Fred Hams. 
There is also the possibility that people such as John Glenn , Edmund G. 
Brown, Jr ., Dale Bumpers and Ruben Askew may be factors, com 
1976. 

For the Republicans, President Ford has announ.ced he will. run . 
Ronald Heagan and Senator Charles Percy might run If Ford con tinues 
to falter. 

All of this is confused by the inevitability of minor parties running 
strong campaigns; reinforced by the possibility that Ronald Reagan 01 
George Wallace, or both, may bolt their parties . 

/CAPE 'Base for Activism' I 

Revelle Provost Morris Friedkin, although back 
at University Hospital for a short while, has been 
involved, to the degree possible, in academic af-
fairs since his refease. 

office encourages all spniors to return them In order 
that an accurate inventory of post-grad pOSSibilities 
can be compiled .. The offi ces of the academiC 
counselors will be closed th iS Thursday through 
Sunday; students should check their finals 
schedules, and if there are any problems, get in to 
see the counselors by Wednesday .. According to 
the Resident Dean, there will be new security 

Among 'his many considerations is the evolving 
Earth SCience Program. According to Friedkin, he 
has been meeting with faculty members from 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography to discuss the 

The Revelle Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to annour)cements ~nd events 
concerning Revelle College. 

possibilities of a high-intensity program for un- procedures in effec t for future dances In the Revelle 
dergraduates. The Earth Science program would Cafeteria. From now on, all patrons will reqUire a 
include elements from many other hard SCiences, UC I.D. and a picture I.D. Only UC students and 
and would be available to students from any of their guests will be admitted, guests must be pre-
UCSD's four campuses. Friedkin says he and faculty registered by 4:00 of the Friday before the dance 
members are curren tl y involved in the " nitty- These measures were necessary because of the 
gritty," developing an Earth Science curriculum and large number of predominantly high sc hool 
teach ing staff . Friedkin hopes to see the program in crashers .. . Houslng priorities for the '75-'76 school 
operation by next fall. .. Friedkin notes that there is year are currently under consideration. ThiS year 
rising interest in bringing Roger Revelle, currently over 300 students were turned away from campus 
professor of population dynamics at Harvard, back housing, and the question for next year is whether 
to UCSD when he retires next year. Though retired, those barred will be freshmen or upperclass 
Revel le would serve in the capaci ty of resident students The e:hancellor is sc heduled to announce 
inspiration .. . Friedkin emphasizes that he is hiS decision by January 15, concerning all four 
available for consultation with students. If you'd colleges. Students with input should get it to the 
like to meet with him, contact his secretary, Linda Dean or Resident Dean as soon as possible .. The 
Es trada, at the Provost's office .. . There will be a survey of commuter student problems and needs 
repeat of recent career meetings for juniors and being conducted by the Commuter Center is now 
seniors next quarter. These meetings will cover bemg concluded, and results are, according to 
topics of post-grad employment and grad school staffer Sylvia Torres, "very interesting." Final results 
possibil ities. A senior questionnaire recently sent will be available soon; meanwhile, the Commuter 
out covers these same questions, and the provost's Center can be reached at x-2517, mail code B-012 

Recruitment of Minorities for UCSD 
Continued from Page 1 

recruitment program and 
maintaining minor ity students 
once they get to UCSD. 
However, Byrd said, "EOP doe~ 
not incl ude In their budget 
request money for funding 
student organi7atlon recruit-
ment programs. But If their 
plans fit ours, then , okay." 

Constant But Low 
The minority student ratios at 

Third Co llege this year are 
constant but low. Third provost 
Joseph Watso n says " the 
number of minority students AI Zollar and Irma Munoz 

adin itted has remained con- feel the need to recruit students 
stant, while the white student to UCSD, or feel that If they did 
populat ion increased sub- not do it, It v.ould not get done. 
stantially ' la st year. Thi s Student organizat ions should 
represents no net change in the play a supplemental role in 
minority population at Third ." recruitment , not a primary one." 
When asked if funds should be 
granted to student organizations Minority Recruiter 
for recruiting, Watson said.. Zollar critizes the Third 
"There have always been funds recruitment program by ci ting 
set aside for funding tudent the following : "When we went 
recruitment , and are allocated to Crenshaw High School 
to the Third CoIIPge Admissions (chool In Los Angeles Ci ty 
Committee for that purpose. In School Distri ct - 98 percent 
addition , we have supported black) Bob O'Brian's (recruiter 

Cushing admits some of the student organization proposals for Third College) white' 
limitiations of CAPE, however. for funding requests for a variety presentation did not go over 

Continued from Page 1 

The evaluations and the 
publishing of incorrect in-
formation are not unfair to 
professors, believes Cushing, 
because the profs have the op-
portunity to respond to the survey 
in letter~ accompanying the 
student questionnaire cards. 

Absence 
I n the current CAt'E issue, the 

edited comments include 
"s tudents felt the course would 
have been even better if the 
professor would not have been 
absent as often." What CAPE did 
not publish was the fact that the 
professor's absences were due to 
hiS wife having a baby during that 
time period . 

"We don't feel bummed out 
when we blow it," says 
Cushing, "when we blow it 
becduse the information hasn't 
been made available to us. We try 
to make as many contacts for 
clarification of information and 
editors initial all their copy in the 
publ ication." 

"We trust students to be truth-
ful In the information, but if they 
aren't the only check is the 
professor's questionnaires." 

"The grapevine happens more of student recruitment efforts . well. I think a person of color 
and more as students are around joseph Watson However, I don't feel any would be much more effect ive 
UCSD longer. We realize that for student organizations should in recruiting black students." junior and seniors CAPE doesn't L-------------....;...-....:........;;;...:::..:....:..;;.:;...;~.;.;...~.;.;;.;;;.:.;;:. _____ ....;....:.. ______ _..J 
have anything they don't already 
know." 

"We're trying to expand CAPE's 
audience by including articles for 
older students such as on the 
tenure and admissions process," 
adds Cushing. 

Coop ·Adjourns Early, Feeds Itself 
Continued from Page 1 

Coop at the second meeting of 
the winter quarter . Written 

~tatements may also be sub-
mitted. 

Sentiment that the ap-
pointments shou ld be referred to 
the Coop's Committee on 
Evaluations and Appoint ents 
was overridden. 

Food 
The Coop dinner was funded by 

Individual members, and the HRG 
had agreed to pay the members 
from Coop funds. 

When the BRG resolution to 
pay the students came before the 
Coop for approval, there was 
some feeling that the Coop 
should not fund food for Itself, 

because of a c lause in the BRG 
gUidelihes suggesting that the . 
committee hou ld not fund food 
for organizations. 

the party be funneled into Coop 
coffers. 
• 

Mary D cker, adllllnbtrdtive 
as istant in the Student Affai rs 
office, poi nted out the In· 
consistency. " I keep your books, 
and you might con ider that it 
would look funny to appear to be 
throWing a party for your elf ." 
She suggested that contributiOns • 
be gathered at the meeting to .. 
repay the student!, and that the 
motion to 0 use Coop funds b 
d feated . 

The motion pa ed nearly 
unanimou ly, With the assump-

A tlon that money co li ct('d from 
Spaghettt. 

P~ge 3 Triton Time November 27, 1~4 



Tl Reporter Fasts 
by Sa. 

Have VOU wOr*red 
it M>Uld b.? like to spend a 

WlfnolH eating? A group of 
at San Deiao State 

tv fasted last Friday to 
out just Mlat it feels like to 

hunary. 
Although there was no 

ized fast at UCSD, I also 
on Friday. The around 

allowed me to consume 
only juices, coffee, tea or rice. 

H ..... A •• raMII 
The group of fasters at SDSU, 

who have proclaimed 1975 to be 

Hunger Awareness Year, 
the following reasons for 
fast : to identify with the 

....... , .. ,'. poor, to dramatize the 
that Americans' daily food 

sumption is five times that 
f people in most other nations, 

question the pract ice of 
devoting half of U .S. 
agricu Itural crops for Ijvestock 
consumption, to initiate a 
continuing practice of having 

meatless day a week, and to 
inspire Americans to take action 

the problem of world hunger. 
Ennervaled 

My own fast indicated two 
important things to me: first, 

that fasting for thirty-six hours 
ennervates you completely, and 
second, that food plays an 
important psychological as well 
as nourishing role in my day. 

I breakfastecl on orange juice 
at seven and by midday I felt 
weak and listless. I started 
envisioning pastrami sand-
wiches and hamburgers, before I 
remembered that I was having 
grapefruit juice for lunch. I was 
surprised that I felt no acute 
hunger pangs; instead I felt a 
dull, lingering hunger. 

By late afternoon I was ready 
to' ao to bed. I had a headache, 
and my limbs were sore. My 
dinner of rice and tea didn't do 
much to lessen my hunger. I 
went to bed at ten feeling 
thoroughly tired (after a day of 
minimal activity) and no longer 
hungry . 

Not eating for a day is a 
thoroughly unpleasant ex-
perience. During my fast, I felt 
as though I had a fever--weak, 
headachy and irritable. My day 
was considerably less bright 
than usual because it lacked any 
culinary highlights. Several 
times during the day I grabbed 
pieces of fruit, in my usual 
unconsc ious manner, and 
started to bite; I remembered 
just in time. 

Fasting made me realize how 
much of a gluttonous American 
I am , and gave me a small in-
sight into what it is like to go 

Pioneer 11 Has UCSD 
Instruments Aboard 

Man's second spacecratt to chbox. The package weighs 3.9 
Jupiter will achieve its closest pounds. 
encounter with the giant planet at 
9:22 p.m. PST Monday, Dec. 2. 
After a 620 million mile journey 
that started April 5, 1973, Pioneer 
11 will pass within 2&,600 miles of 
our solar system's largest planet. 

Pioneer 11 will make the first 
explorations of Jupiter's immense 
polar regions (north and south), 
..d the first close-in approach to 

~ planet. It will then embark on 
the next rnajor step in space, a 
trip to Saturn . 

Among the 12 scientific ex-
periments aboard the spacecraft 
is a five-instrument package 

A similar UCSD instrument 
package was aboard the Pioneer 
10 spacecraft which encountered 
Jupiter one year ago." 

Care Center 
Will Get 

uyv Money 
designed and built at the . .. 
University of California, San For the first time thiS year the 
Diego b a UCSD space-physics UCSD Day Care Ce~ter will 

y Ik '11 ' S receive aid from the United Way group. R. W~ .er FI IUS,. U~ D d CHAD (Co bined Health 
research phYSICist, was prinCipal aAn . D ' ) m 
. . f h ' genc les rive. Investigator or t e project. Th U ' t d W 'd 

The five radiation detectors are el nl et' ty dPr~vl ~ designed to measure the in- annua opera 109 un s . or 
. . . h local human care agenCies and 

tenSltles of hlg -e~ergy protons CHAD supports nine large health 
and electrons believed to be . both local I a d 
trapped in Jupiter's magnetic agtenclells L t UCSYD n f' Id na lona y. as year was 
leTh'e UCSD instrument package the recipient of over $1 .3 million 

. . . d In grants from these agencies. 
of five radiation detectors an Th ' f th f' t t' 
their associated electronic gear f d IS year bor th eUClrSsD Ime, 

f · d . h ' un s given y e com-are Itte Into a ous ing 't ' th f ' t .. t cam 
. f ' . h 'd f mum y In e Irs JOIO -

measuring Ive IOC es WI ~,our i n will benefit the UCSD Da 
Inches deep and seven IOches ta get y 
long- about t,le size of a lun- are en er . 

\{)u got a letter 
froll,} home and 
tllere \Vas just 
a letter inside. 
You owe )Ourself an 01y. 

Ol, r Pi e. • Con :JiS"'( . Oj f 'TI ~ l ] Wa t rg!on · Ol Y· " 
;.. 0 ,"'0 I ~~t" " I'"~ ' f'. (f" ,1 t)!. 

~he task force for deveiopina Fourth's colleae 
government met last Thursday. They will have 
different model governments to present to Fourth's 

.students in January. Anyone still interested In 
working on the task force or submitting a model 
government should contact the provost office. 

remaining in the area . 
Jean Parks is willina to talk to students about pre-

health fields. Her office is located in HSS on the 
sixth floor and her hours are Monday 2-3 and 
Wednesday 10-11. 

December 2 is the deadline for applications to be 
in for the Amigos de las Americas. Amigos is a non-
profit oraanization that sends students down to 

The provost office has information concern ina 
the volunteer program in San DielO. This program, 

The Fourth Reporter A feature .....,.ea nciUlively 10 a~" and events concemlna Fourth Coller. 
run by the Volunteer Bureau, will place students in 
positions where they can work in fields that they 
are going to go into. The program will have jobs for 
students over Christmas vacation for those 

South American countries to innoculate the 
villagers there aaainst diseases. Fourth College 
provost office has more details and the ..... 
plications. 

Ventura Learning Center Dedicated Next Month 
The Ventura Learning Center of 

UC and the California State 
University and Colleges will be 
dedicated in ceremonies at 2:30 
p.m. December 2, 1974. 

Participating will be the two 
chief executive officers of both 
higher education systems, UC 
President Charles J. Hitch and 
CSUC Chancellor Glf-nn S. 
Dumke, as well as representatives 
from the Ventura community. 

Since its opening last Sep-
tember the center, at 3585 Maple 
Street in Ventura, has enrolled 
350 students in degree programs 
offered by the two systems, and 
another 150 in UC or CSUC 
continuing education classes. 

Faculty from campuses in the 
.................. 

ThfJ P~rJec ' G,U l U I ChrJs /mJS 
P,eces 'or Ine coliec lO' 

d~ well as 
(he d lsCrlmlll."mq ,n.,6S'Of 

Ola u i'W" dna 
cOI ,'emIX)fdl y C1(NHgns 
Dr Da\llct N'9",mqafe 

The PlebIan Indian Art s 
834 Kline. La Jolla . 454- 1888 

two systems organize and 
conduct classes at the unique 
center. The classes lead to regular 
dearees conferred by the 
goveroing boards of the in-
dividual participating campuses. 

As the first such center in the 
state, the joint undertaking also 
represents the only locale in 
Ventura County where students 
may comple~ requirements for 
degrees from either UC or CSUe. 

Currently offered are bachelor's 
programs in law and society (UC 
Santa Barbara), liberal studies 
(UC Santa Barbara) and urban 
studies (UC Riverside); and 
master's programs in public and 
business administration (both UC 
Riverside), urban economics (UC 

Santa Barbara) and vocational 
education (CSU, lona Beach), as 
well as upper division credit 
courses from CSU, Northridae. 

The Center's director, Barbara 
R. Walker, said additional 
programs in January may include 
a CSUC bachelor's program in 
business administration, a 
master's in electrical engineering 
and computer science (Ue Santa 
Barbara), and health science-
administration (CSU, Northridge) . 

The center occupies leased 
space on the first floor in the 
Buenaventura financial building 
in Ventura. It includes five 
classrooms and a resource center 
for individualized study . 

~~ 
UCSD Bicycle Coop 

I / presents /~ / / 
- ~ -~~ 
. ~ .~ .~/ I ' , ' . tool:J, 

Monday· Friday 
12·4 
open 

Chrl3tmas Holidays 
452·4279 

( Bookstore I 

Bicycle 
Coop Soccer Field 

WHAT'S GOING ON DURING: 

THANKSGIVING 
WEEKEND 

FOOD: Thursday (Muir Commons only) 
11 am-2 pm a la carte 
5 pm-1 pm Thanksgiving Dinner - $3.50 per person , 
Friday - Sunday (Muir Snack Bar & Coffee Hut) 
11 a~-6:30 pm a 1a carte 
extended hours Sun.at the Coffee Hut 

ENTERTAINMENT: Sunday at Muir 5 & Dime 
Flicks & Munchies 

LIBRARIES: Cluster - Th. 9-5 Central 
Fri. 9-10 
Sat. 9-10 
Sun. 11-12 

11 am- 8 pm 

Th. closed 
Fri. 9-5 
Sat. 9-5 
Sun. 2-10 

. 

AND: The Student Center complete with music, pool tables, 
ping pong, and lots of information open fri.- Sun. 10 am· 10 pm 

This information hrouKht tu you by the Student Inlormatlon Center. 

The Joy of Fermentation: 
by Elbert Darwin Coli 

Author of ''The Sensuous Bacillus" 
After years of repression, it is finally becoming 

..possibl.e t.o discuss openly and honestly a subject 
which intimately affects the welfare and happiness 
of facultative microbes like you and me. At long 
last the heyday of Elliot Ness (the st. Paul of fer-
mentation) is passing into sordid memory; it is now 
possible to publicly acknowledge that fermentation 
is and of right should be a fine and natural part of 
life. It is of the greatest importance toour psychic 
health and happiness that our fermentation lives be 
as full and rich as possible. 

There are only a few simple rules that need be 
followed for a fermentation to be a beautiful, life-
enriching experience. The primary goal must be to 
produce ATP. The jOining of phosphate molecules 
to form a phosphodiester bond of a frenetic high-
energy is an experience of such glorious intensity 
and beauty that nothing else in life can compare 
with it. And ATP will give you the zest and vitality 
you need for performing the synthetic processes of 
everyday life. Any worldly-wise bacillus will tell you 
that without ATP life just isn't worth the bother. 

In order to produce ATP efficiently, two simple 
rules must be followed. One of these is that the 
reactions involved in the fermentation should be 
largely exergonic, or heat-releasing. Anyone who 
has ever gotten heaVily into a good fermentation 
knows that you really do work up a good sweat . 
Another thing to remember is that whatever 
reduced NAD is generated by the fermentation 
must be re-oxidized for re-use, so that you can 
keep the fermentation going for as long as you 
desire, producing wav'e upon wave of luscious high-
energy bonds. Bacteria who neglect this 
requirement will never feel the full joy of fer-
mentation, and are likely to feel that life has 
somehow cheated them . 

Beyond these simple rules, feel entirely free to try 
as many fe rmentative variations as you like. 
Nothing will perk up a humdrum existence more 
than a little variety. Don't let yourself succumb to 
repressive fears that certain types of fermentation 
are " unnatural" or "perverted": any method which 
produces ATP efficiently is just as "natural" and 
fine as any other. And don't let yourself be in-
timidated by the fact that certain forms of fer-
mentation are banned in some states. Remember 
that whatever goes on within the privacy of your 
own cell wall is nobody's business but your own; as 
long as you don't harm others, you have the right to 
get It on in whatever way you please. Any law 
which violates this basic principle does not deserve 
your respect or obedience. 

I now proceed to a discussion of various forms of 
fermentation that have proved popular among 
certai n species of your unicellular forebears : 

Undoubtedly the most popular method is the 
standard homolactate fermentation . A glucose 
molecule is oxidized by standard glycolysis to two 
pyruvate molecules with net production of two 
A TPs and the reduction of two NADs. The hydrides 
of NAD can then be thrust deeply into the keto 
group of pyruvate, forming lactic acid, which can 
then be ejaculated into the medium . (This is 
sometimes known as the "Missionary fer-
mentation," since Christ ian missionaries would 
encourage it in preference to other forms of fer-
mentation which thty thought unholy.) 

Another method (most popular among yeasts, 
but no prokaryote should be ashamed lto try it) is 
alcoholic fermentation. This method differs from 
the preceding one only in that pyruvate is de-
carboxylated to acetaldehyde, which then is 
reduced by the NADH. The product of this 
reduction, ethanol, is likely to make you quite 
popular among many of your metazoan reighbors. 

Two secret methods, long practiced by the 
Propionibacteria and Enterobacteriaceae, can give 
you as many as 3 A TPs for every molecule of 
glucose oxidized! Millions of bacteria are now 
inqeasing their ATP production up to 50% by 
means of these delightful techniques. One of these 
is propionic fermentation . This involves car-
boxylating pyruvate to form oxaloacetate, reducing 
this to succinate (oxidizing 2 NADs in the process). 
and decarboxylating again to form the ejaculation 
product, propionate . Since this route is so efficient 
in reoxidizing the NADH produced by the 
glycolytic pathway, one out of every three 
pyruvates produced can be oxidized to acetylCoA 
(with an accompanying reduction of NAD and C02 
release) which can in turn be converted to acetyl-
phosphate, frbm which acetate and an extra AlP 
are formed. Thus this method gives 2'h ATPs per 
glucose. 

An ~ven wilder kick can be gained from the 
mixed-Acid technique of Enterobacteriaceae. In 
order to use this m~ you need a special enzyme 
that can convert pyruvate to acetyl CoA without 

reducing NAD (which, as you will recall, is 
desirable, since oxidized NAD is necessary for the 
glycolytic1>athway. This enzyme can be purchased 
relatively cheaply from many biochemical supply 
companies, and can be sent to you by mail in a 
plain brown box). If you convert your pyruvate to 
ace~1 CoA with this enzyme, one out of every two 
of your acetyl CoAs can be phosphorylated and 
used to produce an extra A TP; wh ile the other can 
be reduced twice to form ethanol, re-oxidi zing both 
of the NADs reduced by glycolysis. This method 
thus yields the maximum in fermentative delight, 
giving three ATPs per molecu le of glucose. 

Other techniques sometimes used involved the 
production of butanediol (the acetoin fer-
mentation) and of certain reduction and decar-
boxylation derivatives of acetoacetate (butyriC acid 
fermentation) . Each of these methods gives two 
ATPs per glucose. (If you are interested in the 
specific details of these methods, you can read 
about them in my book, " The Sensuous Bacillus.") 

Each of the techniques so far mentioned is a 
vjlriation of the standard glycolytic pathway. For 
those who want a real change of pace, two other 
exotic, quite different methods are available. These 
are the heterolactate fermentation and the " Entner 
Doudoroff" pathway. Contrary to widespread 

Three at once! (~ee the Uncensored photo in "rhe 
Sensuous Bacillus") 

prejudice, there is nothing obscene or distasteful 
about these methods. Indeed, bacteria who 
overcome an initial disinclination can develop 
quite a taste for them . The fact that they produce 
only one A TP at a time instead of the customary 
two should not be held too strongly against them; 
by simp ly doing them longer you can produce the 
same energy kick as by more traditional methods. 

Each involves a use of the pentose shulll. The 
heterolactate pathway involves oxidizing glucose 
to ribulose phosphate (with the reduction of two 
NADPl. the cleaving of this to acetyl phosphate and 
glycera ldehyde-3-phosphate, the reduction of the 
acetyl phosphate to ethanol (which reo;:idizes HIt! 
NADPs), and the standard processing of 
glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate to lactate with the net 
produciton of one ATP. 

The Entner Doudoroff pathway involves the 
dehydration of 6-phosph<rgluconate (derived from 
glucose by the pentose shunt) to 2-keto-3-deoxy-6-
phosphogluconate, which is then cleaved to 
pyruvate and glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate. The 
pyruvate is reduced to lactate and the 
glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate to ethanol and C02, 
with net production of one ATP. 

The cleavages involved in each of these reactions 
are quite remarkable. 

The Sensuous Baci llus contains many tasteful' 
illustrations which graphically depict every aspect 
of each of the fermentations described. It also 
contains provocative articles on many fascinating 
problems such as " Is F Factor Envy the Major Cause 
of Psychic Stress Among the Enter<rbacteriaceae?", 
and "Does the length of DNA Inserted Make a Real 
Difference During Conjugation?" It is now available 
in soft-bindi~g from Phospholipid Publishers. 

One final word - don't confine yourS4!lf to the 
textbook methods. Innovate and experiment; 
whatever works for you is fine. The only perversion 
IS not to Do It at all! 

Happy Fermentation! 

Coke eaters 
Cake eaters 

oh you, cake eaters 
a/the land, 

builders on the salld, 
has your mOllarch lost his head? 

is dietyocracy dead 
that we should not bury 

our;rallenpharoah 
ill a pyramtd 0/ wealth, 

praising his steal th 
as the true way 

a/the day-
though the purple robe 

be a bit thread worn 
look not /orlorn , 

for another phoellix 
shall soon 

wrest hread /rom our mouths 
to lake us to the moon, 

and the same ashes 
shall be left in its place. 

W . "Macho " Milly 

'l nd then came there two women, that 
: 

were harlots, unto the king, and stood before 
him. 

And the one woman said, 0 my lord, I and 
th is woman ~well in one house; and I was ~ ... _" ..... ,. delivered of a child with her in the house. 

And it came to pass the third day after that I was delivered, that this 
woman was delivered also : and we were together; there was no 
stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house. 

And this woman's child died in the night; because she overlaid it. 
And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while 

thine handmaid slept, ancllaid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child 
in my bosom. 

And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was 
dead : but when I considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my 
son, which I did bear. 

And the other woman said, Nay; but the living is my son, and the 
dead is thy son . And this said, No; but the dead is thy son, and the 
living is my son . Thus they SPoke before the king. 

Then said the king, The one saith, This is my son that liveth and thy 
son is the dead : and the other saith, Nay; but thy son is the dead, and 
my son is the living. 

And the king said, Bring me a sword. And they brought a sword 
before the king. 

And the king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the 
one, and half to the other. 

Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for 
her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, a my lord, give h ... the 
living child, and in no wise slay it. 

And the king answered and said, Truly is she the mother of the child, 
for she speaketh in her love; give unto her the bigger half. 

And even so did the mother receive the more ample port ion thereof. 
from The Wisdom of Gerald 

Book III : 16-27 

Want a real job that no amount of technology or economic 
crises will make obsolete? Medical or Dental School a hopeless 
dream? Want to capitalize on the coming glut of senior citizens? 

Enroll in the 

~~ 
~~fiU 

Sdut~ 
~M4 
~~ 

"nestled gently in the verdant glades of downtown Poway ... " 
Here's what you' ll learn for our low, low tuition : 
Tasteful interior decorating - the secret < rt of fig leaf attachment 
How to preserve for etern ity -

Plastic-coaJing techniques 
Enbalming' with the new anti-worm J\nnelidicides 
New advances in water-proofina technoloav 

Pre-need 'marketing techniques 
Getting kickbacks from cemeteries 
Cosmetoloav - How to arrange the deceased's features '<n that 'he 

or she will appear at blessed peaCf! for an Eternity of Joy 
How to c.)fIvert stiffs to oil when the fuel crunch really hits 
Advanced lobbyina technique - how to pe~ute and 

prosecute Iow-c05t, fly-by-night cremation societies that are an 
aHront to the sacred dignity of the dead and a pestilential leech on 
the well-i!amed profits of II noble and neces ary pubh ~rvice 

Put the Grim Reaper to work reaping W indfall Profit for YOU! 

'ap 5 Triton TiIMI ~ber 17, 1914 



Aart-Vark 
by (lizabett. Chiment 

If you are anything like me, you 
are probably more concerned just 
now with what your anthropology 
prof is composing for a final exam 
than you are worried about what 
play to go to three weeks from 
now. Okay then. I understand. 
Only don't throw this away yet; 
instead, fold it neatly and stick it 
somewhere where you are likely 
to run across it when, after finals 
and the annual holiday run-
around, you find yourself bored 
to the point of watching 
television game shows and 
washing your roommate's car. 

It's hard to write an article to 
encompass the art happenings of 
an entire month. so I'll be general 
and offer lots of little things to 
do. It'll give you a chance to 
explore some of those artsy little 
places you've heard rumor of . 

Music; a good place to begin . A 
few classical events that have 
caught my eye : MUSIC for 
Contrabass and Friends, featuring 
Bert Turetzky, will be performed 
at noon , Dec. 5 in room B210 in 
the Man devi lie Center . The 

compositions to be played are "to 
show the many side~ and sounds 
of the noble but misunderstood 
contrabass", explains Turetzky . 
The La Jolla Civic/University 
Symphony will present a concert 
with works by Handel and Bach at 
8 p.m . Dec . 7 at UCSD. and Dec. 8 
in Sherwood Hall. 

There are a number of informal 
coffee houses and clubs that will 
be offering an array of music and 
entertainment all through the 
winter break . 

The Back Door at San Diego 
State, and Folk Arts at 3743 Fifth 
Street in San Diego, will satisfy 
those of you who are interested in 
blue-grass, blues and folk music. 
Both clubs have weekly " Hoot 
Nights," when you can even get 
up on the stage and perform to 
your heart's desire. The audiences 
are generally friendly and down-
home. with the music having a 
wonderfully personal touch. 
Admission is always very cheap, 
and the entertainment is usually 
excellent. 

If you are over 21. you can pick 
up on good jazz every Sunday 

You told your new 
rootnmate you dig 
B.B.King and he 
thinks she's great 

too. 
You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olympia BreWing Company Olym~la, Washington · OLY · · 
All Olympia empties are recyclable 

afternoon at the Aspen Pub in La 
Jolla. Ole Ole's, Mom's Saloon, 
Wallbangers. and ledbetter's are 
all fairly populiJf boo&ie/dan-
cing/ drinking spots, and they all 
promise good music for those of 
you old enough to eet inside. 

And for those of you who are 
not ... well there's always the 
museums. If you are into flying, I 
recommend the Aerospace 
Museum in Balboa Park, (you will 
discover that hang-gliding is not 
such a new idea after all) . The 
Natural History Mu~eum is worth 
the small admission charge to 
view the rock, mammal and bird 
displays. 

The Reuben H . Fleet Theatre 
staff has put months of research 
and production into the re-
creation of the first ,Christmas for 
the "Star of Bethl~em", opening 
Dec. 3, and running throughout 
the month . Discounts with 
student I. D. are available. 

The galleries around the county 
will be opening some beautiful 
shows for the holiday season . 
" Indian Art of the Americas", a 
national traveling exhibition of 
500 objects from the Museum of 
the American Indian in New York 
City, has opened a two-month run 
at the Fine Arts Galley in Balboa 
Park . 

What's called the first annual 
Two·Dimensional San Dieso State 

Univer~ity Student Art Show has 
opened In the Casa Real Room, 
Aztec Center, and continues 
through Dec. 13. The Humble 
Artist Gallery. 8363 Center Drive 
in La Mesa, through December, 
will show paintings by Larry 
Clark, a specialist in rural land-
scapes. C<:>ntinuing through Jan . S 
at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art are three 
concurrent exhibitions by Robin 
Bright, Faiya Fredman and Reesey 
Shaw. Running through the same 
date is Richard Lindner's port-
folio, Fun City. Graphis Gallery, 
on La Jolla Blvd., continues 
through Dec. 3 its hawing of 
lithographs by Karl Appel , and 
sculpture by Michael Coc hran . 

As tradition has it. "The 
Nutcracker" will be performed by 
The California Ballet Company, 
Dec . 24 through 27, at the Civic 
Theater. Call Box office for more 
information . 

Here's hoping you take ad-
vantage of some of these arts 
events over the break ... enjoy 
yourselves, yes? 

FIM CanadIan LA.thas 
The soft skins are naturaUy 
fintshed. not "correcled" 

Anatomy of a Root 
by chemical additives Inside. 
Roots are lined Wllh even 
scher leather lor even 
g,ealer comlon All Roots are 
crafted by Canad,an Cobblers 
who leellhal a produci made 
mostly by hand wdl still do 
Ihe mosl lor your I"e' 

Rocker Sole 
In a nalural slnde. weigh I 
moves from Ihe heel. along 
the ou'er side 01 Ihe 1001 
Ihen diagonally across '0 Ihe 
big toe, which spnngs yOU 011 
on your next slep Roots 
rocker sole helps th is shIh In 
weight. making every 1001 
\Iep JUSI a hnle less hnng 

Supported Arch 
The CIty sidewalk can be a 
real arch enemy And laUen 
arches hurt Roots are can· 
'oured 10 support 'he arch 
and Ihe small r.,c.,ss bl!tween 
Ihe balls 01 your lUI 

121.'......-. St. 
U 101'" eMif. (7 1414S9-)611 

10900 ItInroM Awe. 
WftlWoOdV~ 
(lll) 471-0101 

Rec:eSMCI Heel 
Walk on sand and your heel 
Will leave Ihe deepesl part of 
your lootprinl In natural 
walking. mosl 01 your we,ght 
lands on your heel Con ... en· 
honalshoes-even low· ,". 
heeled shoes-nit you forward 
and change your bawc pas 
lure In Rools. your heel Sin ks 
In 10 a comforlable recess. 
9lVln9 you a nalural walk on 
any kind 01 su rface 

Recorda: Musical No Larry Beckel 
I."". N~ -til .. ___ IIfDIIu ... '"'" '"""a ....... PMlo LAMon.m femlO' 0IId THE w.c.FlEw. FEamAl. (rIuw""""'" 

aa-.). IOIIIU .. "..,... ..... C ................ , perIw .. tho Hot .. t of _IyTI_'lIIblllMlltu~lto 
___ . H ..... __ OIl .......... _' ... .,...,.. be f~My .. y of tt-.two ..... I'm not.w.e. FIeIde froek .. I ......... ...-.rt 
--.,.' c....- A_nr'll kI4 ¥ell Mt.,It'I ... II .... or ..... "d thIII .... IIY .... k·lIona. up In thno ......... _to mo_.m .... _ ...... 
e ..... ""!'.II,. ... _ l·tI .... "'.u fww ., WIIo ............. _ 1rKIoed. Uk. old mcM •• _d ru_ corte ..... !III' IO •• 
..... 1".' ............ wllIYI-....... , ..... . 
_ ................. you ........ 1 .... ,WNAfttA. TIlE MAIN EV~NT""" 
Idea. ,.."".. ,...,... 

~ .... but I'.,. 8Gt tIII.etrono ' ...... __ .. 
old "'0 "'_ oM the ..... 10 thet .... ...... 
throuth t'-"'TV .... without ... ___. .. . 

MAGIC lUI/MY GHllJlAlICJIt.'nIo WIa 
MCA ...... 

W .. "f_VOUn. ........... toeorly TIll. 1 __ "" aoIIootlon of W.e. ..... ,....., 
............ to ... 1 ..... "Tu", down t"'t ...... onctlh_ Ie. morwIou. tribute. Mdt 

A QUICIC OIII1UU OCl7'·'" ..... MCA 
.... 

I _ ...... , •• _ "" .............. Ik. of the ....... nd the m ...... A 11otonI .. to __ 
.... fIMIIy ........... .... elbume .umm_ up .11 the I ...... of ..... III 

hor ....... r_".~ 1M WIMI hove ............ ...._ why ...... ·t ........ muelc7" thet ... ..., Chon life woY only the 11MtI1 ....... of 
ilium otter MOtIIor. "--, ..... fI,... tour .. I ...... llluoic" .... ....... the mind' • .,. CO" do. TIwy _ • m_ -'-"" 
Who 01 .... _ ..., to "1' .. 111(' .... r.'..... '-w.., thon why 40 yOU w.nt me to tributo to h .. humor. hi. ed·~. end ...... 
.. ....., ourtaoltv ....... wtth .... 1Id .. ,. of ~r' I ........ .. .. ICy thon .ny of hi .. ...... 
"-tume ... _0" ......... _tw ...... '1,. .. __ ........ not m ... I" "The Or ... lledlo Feu." toe ......... " 0" the 
rt .... IIIa"... T .. tI ... ~. ... ............................. W.c ...... 

w.II. " .. 0dtII .nd ..... _ ..... thoA.., .... wlwt do you till .. __ • "'" I 0IId td .. , 1 .. 1Oft·. dummy e .... l.. MoCorthr 
not ........ oId ..... _? And ...... probob .. whv Iwho ...... ,..... ehow oft .... 1 In which the 
MCA !we .... ,.. ........ III III .......... oIIIuin Ikot ... tumed Into becd ...... of IneulU; pock.... to ..-m to ......... but wOlldolod MCCARTHY: Mr. FI ...... _ you .. tint • 

The tim ...... aonto ...... .,. ..... Who mother'. otortea of hi ..... _onIno. _to. or Ie thet your n_7 
,Ibu", "My G ............. nd the PMundo", __ I ... nd ... 1WOOftI... FIELDS: Th.t·. • comlc.I ... thot·. • 
"Mo,Ie:: 'UI" II .... ..." .... ..,.. ._ Who f ... few W .. L 81_" book for yet ."other comleoL.JIeep ..... .. --,1.. YOU""'. 
hIotorIc:.1 pulpOMI ............ of completion. _ In .... for MOIII·. C .......... P"' ..... you'll , ......... 011 _ .... floor. 

The Heand ...... ......,. Ie ....... ....". tIIIe r.m.otIa .. bum _onMd II". .... On tIIIl ............. 011 "n. ""'''r Aclwontu ... 
.ntI worthy of note."A Qul~ One," the ...... Modllon Sq............ «~I. WhItIoI ...... Other TorHIdcI ...... 
till. of Ihe LP k __ "Hoppy JoaII" I" .... U.s. The olbum Qlfturw .... wit-' ...... of • Don AmooIIo • __ Me .nd ...." fer much of 
contol ... number of Int_Uno cIevoIopm..-1I who k_ how to aomIIIno • ..... ...... G'-Ia ed· ....... . 
II1II .... the trIvIol ...... which -.II Am .. 1ce by ." .... _t with. lot of .... The thin! .................. "PCIPIIY." Ie tho 
.. orm. Th. title tu .. "A QulGk 0 .. WhI .. H.'. moll. It PlY off. 1IIP rod ..... ton of .... 1111 InIOIIwoy .how In 
Awoy" I. t ... tim ... InTow .......... ong-cycl. Theelbum tur .. outtebe .... "....'" • whIcIIt ...... lint pIoyod ... port of pror._ 
fo,....t . comp'om ...... ol. little reID. tu,.. In en volol thet .... rem ........ u...... I ...... MaChrgIe ... a __ ,1M lah w .. to 
In ..... O'ln. ."....." ... t. "". r.clnotl.. centoto .... t two •• ...,.110"" wldl. wonn __ ......... ...." for .... rwt of hie ... 
which .PPlrMItly I. unh .. rd of DlU:ept In thIe <lellv...., thet .... k •• .,.", tu .. ,"",,- The throo """me ..,1wdwoIy or Indlvlclu.lIv. 
• Ibum. to offNt the neu __ IlItrlduno,", m.b. -.laul tnnofom.t!O" of your ...... 

The HCond hilt of till. p.ck ... "TM Who 8011 Mr. How.'" C .... 1. I ........ t (lid _ .. I" .... 1IvI .. IIt_, ."d • filM! 
Out" I. I" III _" .... y •• minor ci_lc. WhI .. not. Mom, I'm ev.n .01 .. te IIovo to buy • aolootlon to"'", with til-. who 00II ,,,,,.mb .. 

.ong·cycl •• tho ...... '" hoIde . t.,.mer III .n you. them. .nd "'- who iwvor Iwd the afI.na • . 

Concert N by Larry Deckel 
tn • ...-'" Thanksgiving vacation, and want some 

act·inll.I,,·w great acts wiJl be hovering around this 
Since the Triton Times now goes out of pri'nt until January 

(as classes are at a lull till then) I thought I'd extend myself by 
mentioning what concerts will be comi ng up throughout the 
December break, as well as those popping up between now 
and the end of finals . 

Finals week is actually a great week for a concert if you 've 
got your finals over with, or well-studied for and need a break . 
As far as timing goes, The Arrival of the Guess Who and Wet 
Willie at the Sports Arena for the Fun Boogie sounds about as 
right as can be, falling on Friday night, December 6, right 
about at the end of finals . 

The Guess Who, while usually frowned upon by " serious" 
rock fanciers, has been around the American concert scene 
for eight years now and managed to splatter the air-waves 
with a number of hit singles "These Eyes," "No Time," 
"Laughing," " Undun," "American Woman," " No Sugar 
Tonight." "Rain Dance," and "Clap for the Wolfman" to name 
but a few. Though known chiefly by the masses for these hits, 
I personally possess 1S of their albums, and know that the 
bands sound is synonymous with the very best of good-time 
·boogie music. Burton Cummings has one of the most ap· 
pealing vocal qualities. and the band is as tight as can be., in 
concert. 

Opening for the Guess Who, the southern half of the 
boogie, Wet Willie. Their backhistory of hardcore boogie-
woogie, and their recent mellower sound give them a 
flexibility to earn the reputation of a blues·honk band of 
consumate skill and searing stage presense. If you're going 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
new midway 
fed mart "-. 
store 
('ycs examined 
prrscriptlons filled 
contact len se~ fitted 

Mon.Tu ... Thurs.Frl. 
10:30 AM .. • :GO PM. 
S.tu,dly. 
10:00 Am .. • :GO PM. 
Sundoy. 
11:00 AM .. 1i:GO PM. 
CIOIod W.d,...dlye 

3245 

the Sports Arena, The Jefferson Starship 
with Fleetwood Mac and Triumvirat. The 

Airplanes spin-offs features Paul Kantner 
Freiberg, John Barbata, Papa John Creach: 

""'0"''''''' Craig Chaquico. Fleetwood Mac, the real 
eir first tour since last years great " Fleet-
" And Triumvirat is a new German band 
sor1.)W~ke-.'f'd Emerson, Lake, and Palmer format 

Iy good. 
joy Thanksgiving weekend at Tuesdays 

night November 30th, when Motown 
"rn_:ar .. Earth will appear for one night only, 

Speedwagon. 
side of concerts, Raphael, reportedly the 
in the Spanish·speaking world, appears at 

e San Diego Civic, and proves why he's 
~u"_,, Best Singer in Spain for five consecutive 

OPmaA,,, of the mellowest of artists to have ap-
who tamed the entire sports arena on his 

OP;.r"",pr,, : Donovan returns to San Diego at the 
Tuesday, December 10, at 8:00 p.m. 
nd of hit-singles played a large role in the 

nsciousness of the mellow-yellow sixties. 
Continued on Page 11 

HANSEN 
SKIING 
SURFING 

f 

orts arena blvd. BACK PACKING 
TENNIS 

"An Excellence in the Arts" 
Th .... ii 4 new undercurrent in 

"Th. Science School," which you 
know. UCSD, th« Is beginning 
to make ibelf felt on a larae scale. 
The undercurrent has to do with 
All e~cellence in the arts, which i~ 
beginning to blossom in a big 
way. 

The Triton Times has already 
focused in depth on the growth of 
the Visual Arts and Dtama 
Department5, and the diversity 
and prolificacy of the Music 
Department has sung for itself in 
many ways . Few people, though, 
have really considered the 
maturity and excellence shown 
this quarter by the Campus 
Program Board. 

Despih. the lack of a proper 
hall to house them, this quarter 
has seen three major theatri cal 
presentations of importance. 

The Manhattan Project's " Alice 
in Wonderland" proved a 
stunning theatrical tour-de-force . 
An amazing use of physical 
theatre in conjunction with in· 
tense concentration and text. the 
evening smashed the sell~ut 
intimate gym audience with the 
fiesty paranoia inherent in Lewis 
Caroll's vision of hallucination . 
Audience members (largely 
students, happily) talked for days 
of the sickenly mad tea'party, and 
the smoked-out "Whooooo are 
yo.uuuuu?" caterpillar. 

CPB is of course responsible for 
non-<lepartmental programming 
of cultural events on campus, in " I am a Woman," Viveca 
order to ensure the UCSD lindfors' one-women show 
community the availability of a packed Revelle Cafeteria with an 
diverse and important series of eager excited audience. While the 
programs; programs of a sort one performance fell short of my 
might not ordinarily be exposed expectations, with Viveca Lind-
to outside the educational en- fors shOWing through far more 
vironment due to problems of than the characters she sought to 

. cost, avai 'abi'ity, and the effect represent , the evening pleased 
of commercial demands on ar- much of the sell~ut audience . 
tistic ventures. 

Last to sell-out, but long to 
linger. the gym was swollen with 

I n the past, CPB has had its ups bodies as The National Theatre of 
and downs providing adequate The Deaf brought two pieces 
programming for the campus, from its current repetory to life in 
sometimes failing with a lack of sight, sound, and sign·language. 
communication in date choices, An interesting mixed audience of 
occasional lapses, and a fai lure to non-hearing and hearing spec-
land significantly important tators were gripped in a per· 
programs on tour to UCSD (I formance of power and beauty as 
sincere ly regretted the failure of the Jewish folk·lore of "The 
our campus to have The Open Dybbuk" showed the early roots 
Theatre appear here on their final of "The Exorcist." 
tour.) 

However. this quarter has seen 
the other end of the coin entirely, 
and I'm first in line to tip my hat 
to CPB for providing the best 
programming and planning I've 
seen in my four years here. 

Second on the more than 
generous bill was " Pri sci lla 
Princess of Power," a high energy: 
comic ·book slapstick which 
ended the evening on a lighter 
note. Another moment in fine 
theatre. 

Not an easy task when one Musically, the board has been 
considers the lack of large per- no slouch either bringing a 
formance facilities on campus. variety of musi cal fare (of a sort 
All there really is at present is the complementing the efforts of the 
UCSD Theatre whi ch seats only Music Derartment) including the 

Blackearth Percussion Group, a 
folk and bluegrass concert with 

Kenny Hall and the True and 
Trembling String Band, and the 
concert I still maintain to be the 
best I've seen in years, The Paul 
Winter Consort . 

In addition . with Californ ia 
Concerts, 'the gym has hosted a 
few "biggies" such as Brian 
Auger. Alrto, Electric Flag. and 
Moby Grape. Take and leave 
those according to your tastes. 

In a more casual vein, and 
lighter on the student budget, 
CPB has extended it~elf to rom a 
series oi Wednesday noon 
concerts. happenings, lectures, 
theatre events, flea-markets, and 
what-not out in the area of the 
gym steps and the famous 
"hump." A weekly mid-week 
break in studying drudgeries. , 

And of course, the usual fare of 
Friday and Saturday films f,lI out 
the avai lable artistic outlets. 

I am somewhat disappointed at 
the absence of any major dance 
event this quarter. but the lacl( of 
faci lities does seem a just excuse. 
and t he prom Ise of several major 
dance recitals concurrent with 
the Mandeville Center's opening 
next quarter excuses things a bit 

Yes, the Mandeville Center at 
last . The beckoning of the new 
wave for the UCSD campus With 
its coming. adding suitable 
facilities to the performing and 

EI ~UN PRODUCnONS 

Extra 
Add ed Attraction 

~ 
• Elvin 

visual arts w,th its gallery, 250-
seat recital hall/studio theatre 
and main concert hall wtiich wlli 
seat from 500 ~o 1000 depending 
on the use of flexible additional 
seating. the campus will finally 
have an outlet for its expanded 
cultural awareness. 

But we must be aware that this 
is only a start . The Mandevil l!' 
Center offers hope, but will not 
yet fill the need for performance 
space at UCSD. The National 
Theatre of the Deaf brought in a 
crowd of over 1200 people, and 
the Mandeville Center will never 
hold that crowd. For one thing. 
its main hall IS not designed to be 
used as a theatre at all, and at its 
best in standard proscenium set-
up, it will hold only 850. certainly 
not a big enough house to hold a 
big-name concert . 

The writing is now on the wall 
The three major theatrical events 
on campus as well as the entire 2· 
week run of the Drama Depart-
ment's "The Country Wi fe" have 
been se"·outs, indicating that 
UCSD has developed an audience 
of large enough size and interest 
to merit e~pans'on Right now the 
demand exceeds the produce and 
It is to the credit of the Campus 
Program Board and the Arts 
department at UCSD. 

The work is paying off, and it 
appears UCSD shall not be "That 
Science School " for long. 

224·2974 "Special with this ad, $5.00 
flat file & hot wax." o'~ 

, 

Pate 7 Triton Timn November 37, 1974 



'. 

,." . . 

~ '~ IK I Kin RoaHnson o Sports Eelltor 
A 

~ 
Memories of Liska 

" 

U51U Tourney Here 

Basketball Season Opens Friday 
Kirlc Robinson 

A talented but inexperienced 
varsity basketball squad opens it's 
season this weekend in the USIU 
Invitational Tournament. Due to 
the lack of gymnasium facilities 
at USIU the games will be played 
in the 0CSD gym ·starting Friday 
night at 6. 

Coach Barry Cunningham will 
have four starters from last year's 

as the favorites, but noted that· year) the Tritons will be em-
Pacific Christian would be the ploying a defense that will 
only real weak team in the pressure its opponents all over 
division. the court. At times there will .be 

In division play the top two 
finishers in each league will 
advanct.t to the District playoffs. 
A wild card team will also be 
selected on the basis of overall 
records . 

full court and half court pressure, 
but the aggressive defense that 
Cunningham has installed is 
designed to limit the ef-
fectiveness of opposing big men. 

With the arrival of the weekly "pick sheet" for the football pool and squad to lead his team, but the 
knowing that Thanksgiving, finals and Christmas were quickly remaining members on the squad 
descending upon us l ~uddenly realized that football, whether it b.. have seen little or no action at the 
colleae or pro was coming down the backstretch and heading into the colle!le level. Paul Trainer, Steve 
playoffs (or bowl games if you be so choosey) . Kirkch~r, Joe Coit and George 

The pick sheet reminded of such noble and classic holiday games as Calhoun all started last year and 
Army-Navy, Pitt-Penn State, USC-Notre Dame and Texas-Texas A&M. are expected to see a lot of 
What else is there to watc~ while you sit and eat your turkey corne playing time again this year. 
tomorrowr Granted, not all of these games fall on Thanksgiving Day Cunningham, himself is 
(ABC has been kind enough to spread the football feast over three 'retUl'ning to the coaching spot he 
days), but there should qe enough turkey so that you can eat the held three years ago. At that time 
leftovers while you sleep through Saturday'S games. Cunningham reSigned the 

On offense Cunningham hopes 
to take advantage of good team 
speed to force openings in op-
posing defenses. Cunningham 
emphasized that this would not 
necessarily be a "run and gun" 
style team, but would fast break 
when the opportunity arose. He 
plans to run more set oHenses 
that rely on quick cutting and 
driving. 

Looking ahead to the bowl games, it is inconceivable as to why all position due to differences in 
the bowl teams have been announced, when such enlightening games philosophy between the way he' 
as Alabama-Auburn have yet to be played. Take for instance, Florid~ . wanted to coach and the in-
Two weeks ago Florida was 7-1 and on its way to the Sugar Bowl. Now tercollegiate athletic philosophy 
they are 7-3 and still on their way to the Sugar Bowl. Why are they here at UCSD. In the intervening 
sitting pretty, wh ile such an obviously good team as Michigan, by years Cunningham has reconciled 
virtue of one two point loss, will sit at home and watch the Florida's of himself to the low-key approach 
this world fight it out for ranking in the bottom twenty. that UCSD has taken to athletics. 

Leading the team, as he has the 
last three years, will be Paul , 
Trainer. As a center the 6'7" 
Trainer has lead the Tritons in 
scoring and rebounding in the 
years he has been at UCSD. This 
year Trainer will be moved to 
forward to take advantage of his 
outside shooting ability and the 
added height the team displays 
this year. 

Then there is the blatant case of Oklahoma. Sitting high on top of 
the Big Eight Conference and the AP National Rankings, the Sooners 
have nary a chance to attend a bowl game and even less of a chance to 
appear in the UPI ratings Anyway, at least they will enjoy Christmas 
and New Years with their families and not have to brutJlize another 
team while you and I eat our turkey. 
. With Michigan and Oklahoma (because of probation) out of the 
bowl picture where does (or should I say who does) that leave the 
football fan when it comes to whom to eat the turkey by. 

This year he decided to return to 
the head coaching position, 
taking over from the part-time 
coach of the last two seasons, Bill 
Reeves. 

Cunningham looks to' this. 
year's team as one of "potential," 
but says that th is potential 
probably won't be reached until 
the middle of December. Due to 
the inexperience of the team as a 

Barry C,mningham 

Joe Coit wdl start at the other 
forward, as he did last season. 
Always a tough man on the 
boards, the 6'4" Coit is expected 
to be a valuable asset in the 
scoring column too . 

With the shifting of Trainer to 

Well, there is the Orange Bowl. The Orange Bowl features a replay of whole, Cunningham doesn't 
last year's Sugar Bowl, only Notre Dame has lost a game already thi.s expect the team " to gel" until 
season and might lose another one, to usc. Alabama, the perennial.deague action opens. 
bowl game loser, will probably enter the game undefeated (proficed The Tritons will be competing 
Auburn doesn't come up with a couple of blocked punts for touch- in the NAIA District III , Southern 
downs like they did two years ago) and untied and on top of the UPI Division, moving out of the 
poll. I wonder why they let two teams go at it again, when there is no Northern Division which they 
way the game could be any more exciting. My suggestion is that they were competing in last year. With 
have it out during the season and not waste bowl games on rematches. the new league alignment UCSD 

According to Cu nningham, 
"UCS D will be playing its 
toughest schedule ever." In-
cluded on the schedule are such 
teams as USIU (22-4 last year), 
Chico State (last year's Far 
Western Conference Champion), 
and Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo. 
Despite'the schedule Cun-
ningham feels that the team is up 
to the task and cou ld come up 
with the beat season a UCSD 
team has ever had. 

forward the center position has 
been turned over to two inex-
perienced newcomers. 67" senior 
Tom Taylor, a recruit out of the 
noon hour basketball games is 
expected to start, with 6'7" soph-
more Lyle Smith as the backup. 

The Rose Bowl should provide an interesting contest with Ohio State 
and my nominee for asshole-of-the-year (he doesn't even rate as ob-
noxious), Woody Hayes taking on the outspoken John McKay and his 
Southern California Trojans. Should be a good game, provided Woody 
doesn't make like Attila the Hun and try to destroy the referees in hi s 
process of trying to destroy Usc. 

The Sugar Bowl will be all thift it is played up to be, a match up of 
losers Florida and Nebraska (a three-time loser) will go at it to 
determine who wdl be the worst of the best (so to speak) on New Years 
Day. 

Let us not forget the Cotton Bowl , down in the land of Southern 
belles, honey shots (ABCs term for a pretty " girl" ), and cowboys. The 
featured matchup has not been decided as Texas A&M and Baylor (of 
all school s) are still in the running for the Southwest Conference title 
and the right to play in the Cotton Bowl. Whoever is the unfortunate 
conference representative, there is the unenviable task of playing Penn 
State In the New Years Day Spectacular (or flop if you deem it as such) . 

Then there is the usual assortment of " minor league" bowl games, 
such as the Tangerine Bowl featuring such powerhouses as Miami of 
Ohio and Georgia . And in the land of dreams there are such other bowl 
names as Fiesta, Peach, Astro-Bluebonnet and Grantland Rice, each of 
whIch has a hundred teams aspiring (perspiring) to play . 

Lest we forget pro football , I shall now convey my thoughts as to 
how the WFL will fold and the Oakland Raiders will duplicate the 
tremendous fe3t$ of the Oakland A's . 

Who really ~ nows what the World Football League is? Seems to me 
that It IS a gro1lp of gamblers who faded . They tried to win Las Vegas 
styl e and ended up lOSing their hirts (or at least uniforms, in the case 
of one team) . In any case all but about one or two teams has either 
b n suspendt ·d from pic> nr not been paid for playing what the WFL 
calls "exciting footbalL" In any case the pidyuffs lit) presently under 
way, lost in ti-e wilds of Birmingham or Memphis or somewhere else 
east of Hawaii I rea lIy don't even care who wins except that Memphis 
IS supposed to Win on paper ( I would guess that that IS about the only 
place they s h ~uld b plaYing th se days) . 

I n the NFL the playoff picture is becoming perfectly clear. Los 
Angeles, Oakland and Pittsburgh have pretty well wrapped up their 
diviSion titles, while Minnesota, St Louis and Miami or Buffalo should 
take the other diVISIons. Buffal~ in the AFC and Washington in the NFC 
ought to "Vlnd up as the wild card teams. 

Then th fun WIll be begin No matter how good Pittsburgh, Buffalo, 
MIami or any other Arc team is th r.e IS Virtually no way that any of 
them afe gOing to beat Oakland and advance to the Super Bowl. Why 
might you ask do I ay thiS? One simple reason, I answer, all playoff 
gamt's wdl be play d In Oakland. I figure that If Dan Jenkins of SPOrts 
Illustrated call d th Raiders the most over-rated team in football they 
can't b all bad 

Continued on Pale 11 
' 1 8 Triton nine. No.eintifr 2'1, 1974 

will be facing the likes of USIU, 
Pt . Lorna, Azusa Pacific, Cal 
Baptist and Pacific Christian in 
divisional play. 

Cunningham rates the Triton's 
chances in the division as good, 
but points out that anyone of five 
teams cou ld walk off with the 
championship. On past records 
he picked Azusa Pacific and USIU 

The Tritons will utilize a "quick 
tempo" offense and a "man 
pressure" defense to take ad-
vantages of the strengths of the 
team . 

At the guard spot three can-
didates are vying for two spots. 
Last years starters, George 
Calhoun and Steve Kircher are 
being challenged by Mallory 
Mitchell for the two positions. In 
any case all three are expected to 
see a. lot of playing time. 

Rounding out the squad are 
Tony Moore, Ron Werft, both of 
whom can play eithe.r the guard 
or forward position . Backing up 
the forward spot will be Bill 
Hoffman and Alan Russell, a 6'6" 
freshman from La Jolla. 

Due to a lack of height (though 
not as acute a problem as last 

I Women Ruggers Capture Opener I 
Mary Morris 

Well, they did it again! Pasadena's Eleanor 
Women's Rugby Club failed to score against UCSD 
for the fourth time in a row . Even with such deficits 
as pulled muscles, being out of shape, and some 
inexperience, UCSD sti ll pulled off a 32-0 win . 

The game was played last Sunday afternoon at 
the Huntington Beach Community Center, where 
also the UCSD men's team met the crew of an 
Austral ian sh ip. 

At first, things were pretty slow, and scary. 
Pasadena was getting just too c lose to the goa l. 
They were much better organized than last year and 
better organized than the Tritons. But UCSD pulled 
together with some good passes and great tackli ng. 

My first try came With a 4O-yard run by Debbie 
Holstein who then passed off to Val Cardeiro. She 
then flipped it to Mary Morris, who sweeped 
around the end to make the score 4-0. Jeanne Orr 
added 2 more POints with an extra kick conversion. 
On the next score, Amelia " BoJive" Csonka pulled 
the ball out of a maul and bulldozed her way five 
yards to plop the ball into the end zone. The extra 
point was made again by Jeanne. 

Pasadena deserves a lot of credit. They really 
made the Triton women work. Their paSSing was 
alm2st perfect, but not perfe.ct~nough, for a lot of 
sood tackle~ made by Jill Taylor, Val . and Paula 
Roccaforte, and other good defensive r)'loves 
helped regain possession ·of the ball for UCSD. 

Marilyn Koestner then scored in the second half 
with a 6O-yard run while breaking a few tackles.' 
Then Mary cooped up the ball near the side lines 
and broke 50-yards for the next 1I0ai New scrum-

.half Karon Haill~ took her hand (fooH) at kicking 

and made the conversion, raiSing the score to 22-0. 
It was Val's turn right after the next kickoff . From an 
overhead pass from fly-half, Mary, she ran ci rcles 
around Pasadena, ' dodging in and out and then 
sprinting for the goal. And Karon again made the 
extra kick . 

In the middle of the second half, Pasadena 
threatened to score; they were passing the ball 
along their line of backs, when at the six-inch mark, 
their wing fumbled the ball. Amelia made a tackle 
and Jill scooped it up and ran it out far enough for 
them not to score. 

The last try came when Mary made another 
sweep, faking here and there, (really looking for 
someone to pass off to) and hauling down the field 
for the goal, closely tailed by three Pasadena 
players . The extra point was missed and the score 
was 32-0. 

Analysis of the same would show that Pasadena 
out-played UCSD in the beginning. Triton tackling 
and determination prevented the opponents from 
scoring. Everyone was getting pretty tired and it 
showed, as a lot of team member~ seemed to be 
walking and watching Instead of playing the game. 

For man'V team members, this was their first game 
and for some, their first ga~ situation. Of course 
after-game festivities contributed to the education 
of a lot of rookies, and everyone had an excellent 
time (very sportsmanship-like). 

Our next game is actually a tournament the first 
Women's Rugby tournament ever played. It will 
include four teams; UCSD, Pasadena, Belmont 
Shores, and an all-starJNm from Colorado. It is to 
be held January 4-5 on Rob Field in Ocean Beach. I 

Spikers Surprise; Take Tourney 
by Dave Eisen 

UCSD's female volleyball team 
suddenly proved themselves to be 
their league's finest team, 4S the 
Tritons captured the San Diego 
Women's Intercollegiate Athletic 

turned the tables and in a brilliant 
comeback won six of eight games 
from the two top seeded teams on 
Thursday and Friday. 

ED. NOtE: Pa.u WlIg,,~ is II "mati~ WUflll ",e"aei"g, major Association (SDWIAA) Tour-
I,agll'. ,,"Uy. fa". He IS also lhe. A. sSlsla,,' s.~OrlS Edilor h-. ""I nament championship here, last 
b 1i 1i S L 5'5" Wednesday through Friday. t, nknl ,,,,'s. 0 ",IIeD for 1rnNI. He hils en hel1l1;"D wu 10 Th ch . h 

pri",lhis "~oIlI"''''' of his for ahalll a wed"ow so;C: I ha", e amplons ip came as a 
lhe s~, 10 IIIIIsl" her~ il is. Whelher or "01 YOII/~e il is liP 10 YOII bit of a surprise, as Coach Chuck 
10 thcitk, bllllh, M"""ers are IlIJocUy Ie.", a"J Ihey tiO ,xisl;" Millenbah's squad had just 
Sa" OiIgo ""J p,,*, 100000s 'e",. KR finished a rather disappointing 

After defeating Grossmont's 
"B's," Palomar, and then losing to 
Grossmont, the Tritons were only 
points from death as they faced 
Palomar Thursday in the semi-
finals. With Andrea Beylen and 
Margi Schwartz combining for 12 
points, UCSD won the first game 
15-3, before loSing the second 15-
7. In a weU-played and eXCiting 
third game, the Tritons 5queel<ed 
by, 1&-14. 

season, ending up third behind 
by'" Waaner Grossmont and Palomar. 

Amer!can. s~s fans are perhaps the most violenc~ientated In the tourney, which 
people In thIS nation today, and most of them don't even re"'ize the Millenbah called the equivalant 
fact. Th.ev attend such sports as football, basketball and hockey to see .of a "second season," the Tritons 
such things as the quarterback getting torn apart from here to eternity 
or a well placed elbow to the ribs under the basket, and perhaps th~ 
most pronounced reason, to see the fights which usually accompany a 

Since the tourney was double-
elimination, UCSD had to stop 

hockey game. 
The s.po~s purist goes to see the game itself, and not all the between-

play sklrmlshe.s which pop up from time to time. However the actual 
number?f PUrIStS compared to the usual fans is usually small. 

Spe~klng of small numbers, the San Diego area has several fine 
athletiC. teams that are now at various points of progression in their 
respective seasons. The Chargers are the more established team in SO 
an~ they have no worry about crowds, but the Q's and the Mariners are 
faCing problems because of the lacking Q and Mariner fans. 

The Q's are off to a .sl~ start and it is understandable to see why the 
cr~wds are small, as It IS hard to support a team which is not in the 
th.'ck of the race, (I know because I come from the Bay Area. where the 

Gla~ts, 4gers and Seals are going through similar problems). But the 
Manners are a different story. 

Perhaps San ~iegans a~e. still resentful of the WHA for taking away 
the only t~am With. a tradition of winning that this city has ever seen, 
yet they !all to realize that even if the Mariners did not come here from 
Jersey City, the Gulls would not be here anyway, as the WHL folded 
last year. 
. Still others stay. away b~ause of the fact that San Diego was con-

Sidered to be a prime locatIon for an NHL expansion team in another 
year or t.wo, but this would have meant years of building and shaping a 
conte.ntlon team, and everybody knows that what this city doesn't 
need IS anoth~ team whlc~ loses more than it wins, and the Mariners 
are an established (and Winning) team. 

Another common ~omplaint is that the price of a ticket is too high. 
People who go to see a Charger game are probably paying the same or 
more to see .a Mariner game. What many people don't realize is that 
the hockey tlcke! prices are the same in most cities and in some cases 
they are even higher. 

S~n Diego wants a winning team, and this is exactly what the 
~arl~ers ar~ . At the present moment they are in second place in the,r 
diVISion of five teams, and only two points behind the division leader 
and last year's league champion. 

Another prerequisite for any team is to have several name players on 
the. ro~ter . The Mariners boast of several outstanding players, and the 
majority of the. players on the team have seen NHL action at one time 
or another during their car~ers. People like Harry Howell, the player-
coach,. who saw ~2 seasons In the NHL before coming over. Andre (the 
~aglclan~ LacrOIX, who can change the momentum of the game by 
Simply being on the ice. Wayne Rivers, who saw several years of action 
In t~e Bosto~ Bruins organization as well as goalie Joe Junkin, whose 
plaYing style IS one of the most exciting of any goaltender today 

Letter on Sportsmanship 
Editor: 

At UCSD, the Intra-Mural program is known for its success as 
recreational enjoyment for over 60 per cent of the student population. 
ThiS percentage I~ greater than any other university on the West Coast. 
The rea~n for thiS succ-:ss has relied on three main factors. Firstly, the 
pure en.Joyment of plaYing sports for their recreational value has been 
the attitude of an overwhelming majority of the participants The 
UCSD Physical E.ducation department (they run P.E. classes, 'inter-
colle.gl.ates, an.d . mt~a-murals) prides itself for its reputation of em-
phasIZing participation and playing down winning. Secondly a fair 
amount of athletic abi~i~y has ~een demonstrated so as to pr~vide a 
gpod level ?f competl.tlon. Thirdly, the administration has done a 
tremendous Job of running the program. These three things have made 
1M's what they are, a lot of fun for a lot of people. 

A threat loo.ms over 1M's future success. A growing amount of un-
sportsperson like conduct has been occurring on the football fields. 
ThiS. c~nduct surfaced to a new height last Saturday during a men's 
semi-final playoff game. The players were so serious it seemed like the 
Super ~wl. Most partiCipants were in such an extreme level of 
competit iveness that tempers were easily erupted. At one point, the 
game was almost called off because of a fight that cleared both 

~nches . One . w~uld expect this at a pro hockey game, but for UCSD 
Intram~r~Is thiS IS absur~I . 1 know what happened because I was one of 
th.e offiCials. I hav~ offiCiated at much higher levE-Is of competition, 
With greater stakes mvolved. I have never seen any situation that could 
c?mpare to what happened Saturday afternoon right here on Muir 

Flel~ .. Su~h blatant acts of un-sportspersonlike- conduct that was 
~xhlblted In that game could ruin the 1M program. If games become 
Jamborees for cheap hits, exchanging blows, and vulgar threats, flag 
football at UCSD could become extinct. Few people will form teams in 
order to participate in organized pandemoniums. 

Fortunately, r:nost participants in the 1M program are out there for 
.tun and recreation. But there is a group who feel that winning is more 
Importan.t than having a good time, and to "kill" the opponent is a 
worthwhile g~al . I suggest to those who act in this manner to transfer 
to a school like USC or Notre Dame and show off their "superior 
athletic skills" on those football teams. Please don't ruin our in-
tra-murals. Most of us real ize that we are not great athletes, but we can 
be great sportspersons. 

Rick Crawford Then f?r tho~ who .'ike to see a h.ockey g~me merely for th~ fights, 
players like Craig Reichmuth, KeVin Morrison, Jamie Bateman and 
espeCially Ted Scharf should whet the appetite sufficiently. r-----------------------~ 

In the eight home games that the Mariners have played this season I 
have had the opportunity to attend three, and accompanying the~e 
opportunIties were many occasions to talk with some of the players 
both before and after the games . It seems as if each player has their 

Continued on Pale 11 
TRYAN 
~€C MARTINI. 

Montez.umo'" 
Tequila Martini 
Monte~mo Tequila. 
2 ports. Dry Ver-
mouth. 1 port. 
Vanilla extract. 
2 drops. 
Stir with ice. Strain 
into chilled coCl~tail 
gloss. 

OCe:LOn. 
(T HE JAGUAR) 

.ymbol for lhe I dth doy 
of ,he on,,,:·o! AZlce week 

"IQ7d 60 P'ool Icqullo Oo,ton C..hller> Import CO NI'W yo'~ New Yo,k 

Grossmont in two separate 
matches Friday in order to take 
the crown. Seylen, the star of the 
tourney, accounted for etght 
tallies in an opening 15-12 win, 
and then six more in the 1>-13 
second victory. 

" All year I've been saying that 
if the girls played together, we 
could beat anybody~asily," said 
Millenbah. " It finally happened." 

It really did finally happen in 
the decisive match as the Tritons 
whipped Grossmont, Uli>eaten 
before the tourney, again, 15-7. 
13-15, 15-12. Schwartz and Sue 
Papanek were the high point 
scorers as the capacity. partisan 
UCSD crowd in the gym was 
thrilled by the brilliant cham-
pionship play of the Tritons . 

Many other coaches were 
prompted to comment on the 
flawless manner in which the 
tourney was run. "It was the 
smoothest-run tournament this 
league has ever seen ," said one. 

Coach Millenbah was ecstatic. 
" I'm so happy for the team. All 
nine (Seylen, Schwartz, Papanek, 
Tina Flammer, Terry Duquette, 
Ellen O'Rorke, Amy Linden, Eva 
Ljungwe, and Holly Stewart) girls 
pi ayed extreml?ly smart 
volleyball ." 

Millenbah added that " the 
team would like to thank the 
men 's volleyball team, especially 
Jeff Gorrell, for their support and 
help in conducting the tourney ." 

The Triton women wi II now 
prepare for the Reno T our-
nament, to be played December 
11-15. It 'Mil be battled in double-
elimination style, and wi ll consist 
of top teams from California and 
Nevada. 

COMMUNITY 
8l00DBANk 
3D F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forsenke 
Mon.-S.t. 
8:45-5:lO 
Closed Sun. 

LiVPS 
for 
Gal~ 

We'ye got a ton of 'em. 

4688 Convoy st. 
Kearny Mesa 

560-6644 
Mon. thru Sat. 1~9 

Sundays Noon-S 

The world 's greatest 
seJection under one roof. 
All the latest styles and 
fabrics. So what are you 
waiting for? 

\ 
\ 



btfit&kellnt 
'-

Dining outside on terrace, 
by one of the two fireplaces, 

or with a view overlooking the cove. 

Happy Hour Daily 
M-F 4:00-6:00 

(Everything Half Price) 
_more than a restaurant, an experience. 

1250 Prospect Place 
La Jolla 454-4244 

Benched .. · Continued from Pap I 
In the NFC it will be a dog fight between any team that makes the 

pla90ffs with the definite exception of the Rams. The losers that they 
are, they gave up any hope they had of mak.ing the Super Bowl when 
they traded the experienced John Hadl and Inserted one James Harris 
in his place. Harris has never seen a playoff game, even fro.'!I the bench 
(though maybe while eating turkey) and his lack of playing t,me w,lI 
hurt the Rams tremendously. 

Anyway, this column has rambled on long enough, bringing back 
memories of the Untitled column that graced the pages' of the TT last 
year. For this repson I dedicate Thanksgiving, bowl games, any left 
over turkey that might exist and this column to the memory of Mark 
Liska and his immortal writing style. Hurt me. 

Center Ice ... Continued from P~e 9 
own idea> for the lack of supporters, although those supporters who 
attend games are vocal enough. 

A ray of hope has sprung up however as several events could start to . 
bring the crowds into the Sports Arena soon. Football sea~n ,s almost 
at an end (for the Chargers at least) and for those who .lIke the more 
physical games, this would be one good avenue by WhICh. to quench 
the th irst for a rowdy game. Secondly. there is a player who ,s presently 
on the Mariners farm team in Syra-cuse by the name of Tom Trev~ly.n 
who is an ex-Gull and one who was very popular with the fans, and ,t 's 
hoped that many'of the old Gull faithfuls will come out to see the team 
when Tommy T. returns to his home town. . ' . 

Perhaps the 'best reason to attend a game is to avo,d trying to rel~ve 
the past and ressurect the Gulls, but to come ol,lt and see a team . ~h~lh 
wants to make its home in San Diego. The only way that they w, a. e 
to stay is if the team has support. Th~ players feel that they are ~d,"g 
their best to bring a winning team Into the City, and they prov, e ~ 
little bit of what everybody would like to see in a hockey game . Now ,t 
is iust up to the sports fans to take care of the rest. I am sure that you 
will be amply rewarded. I 

Hockey is not new to San Diego or the west coast, yet many p~p ,~ 
avoid it becallse they don't understand the game . Go watch one, It ,sn , 
hard to pick it up at all. . . 

Get together a group of people, buy the $3 .50 tickets, Sit up In the 
back or closer if you prefer, be rowdy and have a good t,me. All the 

moti~ation you need will be most willingly supplied. 

THERE's A NEW RULE OF THUMB 
FOR WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS. 

r 

, . 

AMTRAK. 
I n~t~,ld llt ~t.\I)dll\g (In a highway, Gltchmg 
th~ hreeze <I~ rhe em, pass y()u by at 55 mph, 
y( IU could he « Irching llur Glr. Amtrak may not 

h~ <1~ chc(l p ", hltchln~. But for the little 
money you ,pend, you get a 1m more in return. 

Nowhere else hut on an Amtrak train d( ) 
you get so much room along the way. . 
We give you the higgest e(lt in travel. WIth 
more pace i'lround It, H)( i. 

From ou r pIcture Windows, we give you 
the kind of close-up view o{ America you 
can 't get from highway and c loudbank s. 

You can get a dIfferent pOint of VIew, 
toO, from the people you meet 
on the tra in. Since there are no sea t helts 
to hold you hack on Amtrak, 
you C HI roam the train from car to cat 
Maybe grah s(\methin~ to drink 
at the nack bm or lounge car. And 
the price~ are reasonahle, [(lO. 

P.8e 10 Triton Times November 27, 1974 

-counrry trips, you can top off along 
the way anywhere you like. Then 

- board another train later with 
the same ticket 

But for the time you're with liS, 
.you'll find the Amtrak train 
a whole different trip. Because 
we not onl y get you to where 

you're going, we take you away from 
the problems of air pollution, 

energy crisis and inflation. Maybe 
that's why on trains people act more 

I ike friends man strangers. 
On your next trip, come together with 

your friends on Amtrak. 

Save America's Enel'lY' Save Your Enel1tY'. 
Ride the Train. 

.... ~--more wbat's happening---...... 
lectures 

10 C"-' Clinic - M-.-""" .. 2 .. " 7-10. 
. 2 ... Sun ....... Muir 28-21a. 111/271 

EX CUNIC: Cou ..... nt! on "'utl 
ProIIIe_. WrJe. H; R ....... COlIn-
..... Of.ae 1_, the "-' otttcel. 
JUII1h ...,......." M,D.; Hu'" P._ 
PII.D,'1111271 

summer jobs in 
federal agencies 

ZIONISM: NAnONAL USERAnoN OR 
NIO COLONIAU8M1 thu... Nov a. 

SUMMIR JOe. IN flDERAL 
AOtNCl1a c ... oft. the polllbility of 

~ne-CIUt your field of I_-.t. 
C ..... an I, Itrone. etudenta ... 
- .... to eppIy ..tv to ,eMIVe 
IMxlrnum contldeqtlon. Fine! tlNnt! 
deed .... for the wI_ Summer Ern-
ploy_l .. m Ie Decembe, 11- c-.. 
""nnlnt! hilt f ... boo ........... lelnlnt! 
.... 11_ -"01_ 11MIfwd. MId ep-
plcetlon procedu... 1111271 

ARGONNE NAnONAL LAIORATORY InteM_I .. Oft __ 118 Mondey. Dec. 
Z Chloe.o: 1 .. 1c MId ... plled ,-.:h 
Ind development. ..... 1.. PhD Ap-
plied Mechenlae. E .......... PII¥lIe" 
Envlronm.nt,1 Studl.. I.Qu.tle 
1C0\oevl. Appte. end Info It c. ... 
PIe""ln .... H" ... (111271 

WORSHIP SERVICE. t .... Sun.v It 
Unl".,altv Luthe,an (,ltu,eh: 
Proteat8nt-1O:OD I.m .. with Debor'" 
Kn .. eh .nd EIIMb.th Mlrtl .. 
v_leta, John Huller II ___ t end 
p.-he,. Cetttollo... Lm. .nd 1:00 
p. rn. . with Fra. Ed Donow.n Ind .. /III. 
C.mpbell celeb," .. _ . 1 ....... 1-

1~ p.m .• with Fr, Joe Youne of· 
tic_tint!. 111/271 

THE PROCTER It OAMBLE COMPANY 
on _Put Tuetdrt. Dec. 10 . ..... 1 ... 
peOple ,ec.hllnt! PhD within ... .. 
tweIv. monthe. 0' who I.. on Poet-
Doctor.1 ... poIntm .... t; n .. rly til tleldo 
of Chemletry Ind 8Iochem .. try, .. well 
., PhermecolOllY. To.leolOllY. and 
cklHlv ,.ted Nfa ad.... f .... . 
APOte. Ind Info .t Ct,_ PI ... nln .. ... 

EconoDlY Teach-In: 
In the ..... of ... tThu .... y·. p'CI9ram on the .conomy, many heY. '.P, ... M 

the need for more. Mor. p,ov,eml fo, cohe,.nt loc'o-eeonomic .ducatlon end 
teflon. AI per1 of the Ad Hoc CommittM of Concerned Sluclen ... nd F.culty 
which IPGntOred "American Ceoltalltm: W.I.N. 0' Whal?" the R.dlc.1 Educetion 
p,oject ...... nnlnt! to c, .. t. , .. ,1 .. of .uch p'CI9ram. foo tha coming y.e,. A 
prtllml ... ry mHtlnt! fo, Ih .... int" .. led will be held .t lhe flow, floo, 'oun •• 
conf • .....,.,oom of lhe Stuclent C.n_f,om 1210 1 p.m. on Mendey I"F, •• O.y"l 
Dec:. 2. 

DevldZohe'.I .... ICon ........ 7:30 p.m . .. ----I111! .. --------IIII!P.--------... 
....t to the HL Aud.111/271 oncert Notes HIt.S. \11/271 

W. wlll_,. t •• nde loolc. fo, I I_lei .... Ion on UCSD o".nlzlng fo, the 
Iec:Ond helf of the S.n DI .. o economy tHeh·in b.lng hald Dec.mber' .nd 7 at 
San 01.,0 Stata'. A.tec C.nt.,. Contact SDSU (olan.ion fo, cradlt info,mation. 
Ev.n if you'ra not Inl .... ttd In .attlng c .. dll. tha .acond half of the tlleh in will 
Invol ... very uI.ful worklhopa Ind p ..... dlleullionl ,.lellng the nalionl' Ind 
Intl,natlonel oolltlcll Iconomy to dellv 'If. In Sen 01"0. The theme for tha 
o,ogrlm It Stata I. "The US Economic Crlel" C.pltell.m on Tri.I." 

RALLYI Andrww Puu.v· Y .... 
Nt" Chmn. wiN __ T .... , 0 .... 3.t 12 Continued from Polge 7 Session on Organizing UCSD 
noon In Mul, Plea • . 111/271 And now, in the 70's, he's just released a sort of rock-operetta 

entitled "7-Tease" which allegedly comprises a good part of 
the show he' ll be performing on the concert trail. Promises to 
be interesting . 

RNINO FOR ITS OWN .... KE m_ 
ed. Nov. 717:. p.m. u ..... l .. In the 
tud .... t Center. ETHICS. by Rellbl 
teob Krenz. (11/271 

• no" .. ,oflt 
pubflC "'YI~ 

.,."cy 

Birth 
Control 
institute 

a Counseling 

a Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 
a Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 

• Female Sterilization 
C,U BCI for 

conlidenti,1 assistance 
1714) 283·6351 

- ('1 4) ~5757 

MAlTHEWS CAMPUS 
[XTENSION 3770 

Late news coming in : Dicky Betts will be appearing with 
J.J . Kolle and Little Fe.t in Golden Hall on Dec. 10. 

And another biggie at the Sports Arena, on December 15. 
Loggins & Messina: along with Poco and Honk. . ~II~A.~I~ 
Your roommate 

smoked your 
tomato plant. 

~ MAl?KtTPl.Aa Ot \4\LtlE ... lilt UI/P[ROf{Ef(t:U" 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olymp,a BreWIng Comp.ny. Olymp,a . WaShIngton 'OLY'" 
All OlympIa cmpl les are recyclab le 

STORE HOU RS: MON.-FRI. 8 TO 4:15 

•• 

TEXTS· COMPLETE GENERAL BOOK SECTION • CURRENT TITLES 
GIFT BOOKS· REFERENCE • MEDICAL • STUDY AIDS 

. AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICE 

SCHOOL SUPPLIES • GIFTS • GREETING CARDS. ART SUPPLIES 
VITAMINS - HEALTH FOODS -SOFTWARE - SUNDRIES 

FLORAL AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICES 
, . 

NEED IT FAST? . , . TRY US FIRST! 
.. 

Pol. 11 Triton limn November 27, 1974 



--...... --------~---advertisements 

L .. ov •• luffod oholr. fold-out ..... 
kitchen t.blo w/4 0"''', 2 •• 1 bode. 
CHEAP 272-1,. (11127) 

,. MG 1100 4 dr. oedon Muat 8011. 
1_ ~ . • moo. Rblt. tron • . Iteve. 
lII-87. (111m 

DICKY IETTI/J.J. CALE Doc 10 ID 
CIvic Frontr_ oentIr _ta. c.tl 412· 
IIlI .fter .. ."/m 

It.,...·P • ...onIc AM·FM multlpl.x 
with FET. tope playor. Exool"nt condo 
Co. Stovo .t 412-11Z2. 111/211 

MUIT IELL 11?0 Dod .. Coronet lao 
W.gon Exol. condo boot offer coli ... 
2101. (111m 

1173 FI.t 110 Ioider. X·lont condo .23011 
or boat offer. c.1I x,3413 .y, ..... 
OV_ . .. k for Irion ""/211 

"10" Cuatom Blno _.lIowtoiL .ood 
condo • . ..... G It I oummorfllh. 
• xcellent condo .., Challeng. _ • . 
9721 or &13-8121 I.". Bowora. (111211 

n VEGA OT. Lo mil... oerfoct oon· 
dltlon AM·FM • TRK .•• ZIDO or offor. 
P.ul, 210-" . 111/m 

N.w .urfboard 7·. .. gunn. N.w 
M/Lonlllohn .... t off., coli Gory 111-
!i07I. 111/m 

Wom.n·1 h.evy hlklno booto IIzl I ; 
only Uled , month. good condo Clthy 
7&6-... 1111271 

Wilson T-2DOO for .... Imooflol Nylon 
atring ... oh -..az .nytlme •• k for 
Blrry. 111/271 

For Slle iii Ford Cu.om 6CIO Xlnt condo 
Good Tlr ••• atc . .., C.II Let. ZZI·'J131 
111/271 

E SUMMIT offe,. better tllon North-
& Sierra Oealgno qualifY for lowor· 

on tonta. ~rII... .kl tourinol 
etc. For Info calf 462-9322 ondl 

for Tom 111/211 

Hand·crafted eir brush .hlrts·origlnal 
de.lgns. Importa from GUlt.molll & 
Mexico. 11 /25-7. REV. PI. IP11/211 

Stereo Console $75. Mu.t .ee to eppre. 
Honde 125 need. work t50 6' 11" Ceater 
surfbd. $66. 464-4303. 111/271 

For Ssle 86 Ford Cu.tom !iOO Xlnt Condo 
Good TIr .. , t3IO.tIII Cell I.t •. 223-7&31. 
1111271 

Sofe. T.V -m . 2 ubi ... . wlvel rocker 
cheap. C II 462-0733 'V". (11/271 

r 

personals 
LAURJ.·Wu.h gain' onl Why you lIoln' 
sho fu e .. htl Wuah In Ivv I.agu. 
.hkoo 1 Of cou,.h we'lI mllh you·· Th.1 
Ind Mort 111/271 

To thtJ ' 'Sonzo'' in Friday'. T.T.: Thlt·. 
our ""m. goddlmmltl Bonzo & L·.ut,. 
Bonzo 111/271 

SPIN THE BOTTLE·AII welcomel W.d. 
8.00/T IIfllye H.1f 0-43 111/271 

Klmm .. ThI ..... III tho PITIIliLov •• 
T .. nl. W .. nlo . .,'1271 

Goby·WIII ml.. you whon you're at 
UCLA. K .... on your toM. Good Luck. 
ley 'hl.h' to VW. Luv AnN! Ittlm 

Iy·the bye: Yatl ............. ehould 
Implem.nt docIaI". obIicllfllfttiam. THE 
ORANGE ONE .,,/271 

FANTOM: P.·Ph.nto", A.rd· 
v.rk/Or.n.·Or.n.ut.nll om the 
Oron •• AoreN.1tt (moonlno .... , (111m 

AES: I lovo you, end tho R~no •• nd 
Jollonn ItNUN. CDC (11/271 

. ~ . 
M.P. Ar.;Itiu uo to your old trlckell'rn 
b .. lnning to ... your oottern. ·Mob" 
111/m 

D .. r Turd, F.rt. .tc •• tc. I love you. 
much. Your Turll.y PI • . (111271 

R.ndy: H_ I. tho ooroon.1 you hove 
b .. n woltlno for. H.ppy 22 Do you 
think older women oro bon.l (11/271 

Blond.1 lov. you mucho. R.mom"'r 
the t-' to k .... 1t Holy. Enjoy X·I\4Ia. 
I'll ml.. you muchly. Love .lw.YI-
POPoormlnt lco CrN,.,. (11/211 

Liz L.urel Beth Katl.1I You Q-11 wom.n 
.u,.. know how to moke • porion 
IIoppyl Thank you love M· (11/211 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNIFERI Tlnk. 
Olley, Jo. end Son nmmy In Apt. 223. 
111/Z71 

For .ny· 81otftrOO nover did the 
KonOlhe Kid. but con you do the 
Vig.norel - FANlOM- (111m 

Goodbuy Choohlr. CIt. Love. Allc •. 
(11/271 

MB: Uh HuhlHuh Uh1 II (111m 
Prlaclll.·Whon will you atOll baing 10 
crud.l Mobol (11/271 

HI.h Rayl H.ve A Good Onel ... Yo 
loon .. SB (111m 

Torey·Hoopy B·doy from m. too. Leu'" 
111/271 

H.y Sexy·Oon·t foal ne.lected, w. love 
you too ... oocl.lly your tonn" lI.me. 
Love .If. L & L (111271 
A plac. without O.rIene Is Ilk •• n OPpl. 
wlthouto worm. Luff Y • . Loondo 1111211 

My Archie I luv you lilly. Mo. who'. 
lucky. (11/271 

Ann In the TT offloo; Your ey •• or. 
mlklng m. InHno. K .. p It up. un· 
.Igned. (11/271 
AI . get off tho r .... boon owr. _kl 
Glenn 111/211 

Toddl: Eventhough I .m leovlng. Ich 
n •• ,Hefti . 5ch.tz. 111/211 

BB·I flip-flop for you If.lflng .d.e· 
trigllered. of courlOflll (11/211 

PSA-Pl .... dc..,·t 1000 Jlnot·. lun •• e 
thla time. 'cuz I'll wlp. thot .mll. off 
your flee . (111m 

LAURA·Hove I boll .t D.rtmouth··lo 
to aOOlk·MltR. (11/m 

• 
To the II .... men on 7th floor AN: I 
think Ielxl.houlcl be .n open "'11. but I 
om not morelly oerteIn of my proof. 
When mey I .how It to you1-A _oua 
atudent (11/271 

NORA. H.". • II. H. H_py Ilrthday. 
Morle (111271 

lllakyNoIaon. P_ I. With You. John 
DOIIWr. end .. PondIor: What do you 
_n w •• te,.1 We Iov. You ... 210 
11t127l 

..... Oy IlrthMy D.bel (Tocloy llua I 

... " 211 lleh • hoppy ".h. MId .. 

..... (I'll try teol Lcpv. John 111/171 

D .. r C.R. Ufo III not --. Ilvino 
without you. HMVY huh7 Love Surf 
."/m 

D .. r Q of M roomato: Only Low con 
brook Your HMrt.-Por My Lady ."/m 

Merlo your body maybe fin.. but 10 
w .. t. Goo,.. 111/m 

Hi18ry Whe" •• n oroyl M ....... 1111211 

To oil my worMlorful frIo~ ot UClD: 
Thonkl for .. I tho Good n_1 1'1 ml .. 
you oil very, very muGh. Com. vilit mo 
in S.n Jon. Loat party lot. Doe. 7th. 
Lovo. Leur" WhMIor. (111m · 

Mr. Burwell: ,. BI. Onooll How 
AWESOME . HMr •• happy. Lov .. the 
dlff.r .... t one-L (11 /211 

To the Fox .. In Argo 332 How om I 
going to live w10ut my two fovorlte 
Studlll LL (11/271 

" Uniboob": I'm golne to ml.o III the 
crazy tim .. wo' ve .horedl 1'1 be beck 
Mer. 11 " M.ud." 111/271 

I mUlt b •• muohroom bIicouo. they 
k .. p m. In tho derk .nd food mo 
bu •• hlt. 111/271 

To the .. Fr .. hI .... In LI: K .... the or 
Iody In llno noxt quo,.,1 MI .. you both 
.. 0IcI0et .. 111/271 

Anth·"Anchy": IURPRIS[! It'l elmoat 
.xcltin •••• per.onel from "SunRISE" 
In the EE. lov •• Bunny (11/211 

OEORGE WILBURN C. HAPPY BIR· 
THDAY LOVE: Two Jewa .nd 0 Goy. 
1111271 

JOAN CALHOUN·Ho". you IIov •• 
v ... tob .. dey on your 20th blrthd.y. 
I.rnoy (11/211 

Dirty Duck •• z: 8H. PS. AF It MK .ro 
.tlil alive Ind w.1I .t UCID. but barely. 
(111m 

Deb: Whatov.r It I •. lu thoro I Moke 
wllot you wont of It. but I will'" heppy 
•••• p.clel fri.nd. Alii .. k ... amlill. 
PSI·atar-PII 111/m 

Tlmln •• bid ond roeov.ry f .. \ In the 
right plec •• t tho wrong time. Will be 
hOI •• whlle '0 no brfd .... ro bumt .• 
..... 1 frlond. (111271 

Door GOIt: HoOOY 131l1oot y~ B·D.yl 
M.y tho 1101,.. on your chin forovor 
grow Ind your lifo coMiat of .. much 
.. rblge I. It hoe .0 f.r. 11 .... con. to 
you Go for It I B ... Forev.r Bowie. An 
Old M.nl A Tru. It.r. 111/m 

D .. r M.rle Eothor In Frenk .. •• 1A: 
"There IIv .. mor.I". In on. of your f.lr 
.., .. Th.n both your poo" c.n In prellO 
d.vl.. ... From lonnot LXXXIII · 
Shoknp .. re Chrletophor P.ul (11/27) 

VY: .. poe. yourHif. Only then con w. 
hold .nother ceremony. perMP •. AI 
.nd John (11/271 

My Doeroet Punkl •• H_pleat of Ilr. 
t",VI my .w ..... All my Low. M. 
111 1m 

wanted 
Rid .. noodod to .... ~ IMvlno 
Doc. I returning on Jon I -.aM 
(0"1271 

NEEDED: WORK·STUDY ITlIDENT for 
L4b. AM·t. a_hr .... hNlwk muat 
Ilk. c ..... 001 molc; 100 croom a ch_. 
Peych or Icl.nc. b.ck.round 
0""'. C.II Cloire or Doni .. l12l7I. 
(11/211 
HoiOI Doeo .... for • rI. to tho I.y 
.,.. Wed. Nov . •• 21 PIooo. coli 412-

-State atud.nt "...10 .... mythology 
o_or It teat ~ III .ott .... 
(11/211 
3 Poop" .... • ride to/from Ion 
Fronclaoo fer Thonkaolvlng. WI •• lIoro 
oxo_ Coli ~ (11/271 

NEED EXTRA CASHl P.ying Too Doll. 
for your U.I. Illvor Coino Minted 
botore 1 ... K.n. __ (-1/101 

Quantum Mochonlc _nted. Oor ... 
•. oaporlonoe proforrod. C .. I M •• FoI ..... 

~.(11/211 

Would Ilk. comoonlon to NY CITY 
OPERA It Notional ChIneN Opere 
TMotor In LA In 000. to ahar •• xoon ... 
It drlvln •. I ...". tho c.r. Bill .. -1143 
111/211 

lost and found 
Stolen: 4 ~Ire oonta from 7th floor 
Tlog. 11/23 nlte. REWARD. Ph. Mark 
462-11117. 111/m 

PIERCED EARRINGS FOUND In HL 
mon Irn. Cell Jim 412-1267. If owner 
beoutlful r_.rd .xpoet.d. 111/271 

Will t .. ch M.n .nd Wom.n boale 
Modern Jozz with emphll.11 In 
Choroogr.pby .nd .xercllo. Forming. 
cl .... t%.10 for on. hour. C.II Borbora .t 
287-&129. 1-1"" 

. -' ~ housing 
Femll. noeded to .110,. condominium 
for winter. 1% mil •• from .chool. .'00. 
Cell 463·JaI Of 4&3-8331. 111/211 

P.rty-stu. to aharo _n frnt. condo. 
own Rm. & Bth. M.B . • ,t111 mon. m. 
tI33Il 111/Z71 

Roommote neodod. pool. furn . I.undry. 
.,t111/mo. 11t It .... plu. tIiO cIep. 7&6-
11M2 .ft.r II. 111/271 

Femele roomm.t. nood.d to .hor. 
ooortm.nt In Dol Mor . .. pluo utllltI .. 715-.., 111/2t1 
FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED LA 
JOLLA VILLAGE ~MI. Shore Lg. 1 Bdr. 
110.tIII C.II 4fi3..3111Z 111/211 

WANTED: One me" room mete Le "oIe 
V ...... Aota. '''/m. oh. 412-1J2D 11111 
M.th Gred MM. roomme. to ..... 
ler .. furnlehed _t. In P.I. _n rOOfll; 
17 •• /mo.; evIIlleb.. Dec 1; oontMt 
Rich Roeoo. 1411 Mo.. .4. ZJt.t7JI. 
111/m 

W. noed • fome" roommate for our 
cont."..... Cardiff ..... • /month, 
cell ua .t 431-3413 (111271 

FURNIIHED LIKE NEW. 1""0 Aot. • 
f_ atop. from bIioch .• ,11 ••• 147 .• 
_ Pillya del ... r ..... 1011/271 

Room for Nnt In D.M. M'F or cou ... 
11'.tIII mon.th. 274-11 •. .,'/m 

services 
TYPIIT: 11M Torm pope,... ~. 
lll11oortatlono •• tc. Edltlng/RUSH JOI8 
X.roll. Andl: aGD7 It ..... 
(p11/211 

Birth Control·Aoota. ahould ... modo 1 
wwkl In odvonco for dlnlc oorvIcea. 
Dec. 11. Wod ... open _. J.n.' It. 
will b. noxt cUnlce for winter quo,., . 
Ptoo .. coli 412-" Mon. 7 Wed. 5-. 
Tu ... 7 Thu,... ~3 (11 1211 '. 

TYPING. Th_. torm 000". raporta. 
mlec . .. 00. lattor·porfoct. C.II B_ 
113-7a Ip11/211 

. 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
model. ev.l18b .. c.1I Mr. FI ... y 282-
21 • . IP1 /131 

Typllt Fe.t. • centa per 
Rlcholet .3-1272. 111 /2/1 

T.rm P.oorsl C.nado·. I.rg .. t oorvlce. 
For c.telogu. ..nd .2 to: E1HY 5., 
vice.. 17 Spodlna Ave.. No. •• 
Toronto. Ontorlo. Clnada. ''''1/11 

Typl ... Thosoa . T.rm 000.'" .tc. 
CI .... to c.mou • . R .. lonebl. rIIt ... 
....... __ 5771. "'1 /211 

Typlng·Merilyn would like to fYOO your 
peper. theai • . etc. She ia e.porl.nced 
on ell tyP" of Pipe .. , f .. t . ree.onablll 
end h .. In IBM. Pl .... coli h.r It 511-
7010. IP1111 

Wom_e. info & ref.,rol. P,..lncy 
te.t. birth control .• bortlon •. pre-natel 
c.re. lOll G.rnet -'7111 111/m 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE wltl 
Chor·Tou,. on P.n·Am. LA dep.rture •. 
RESERVATIONS: TGT ~ Sky P.rk 
Blvd. l2G. Irvin • . CI. 714· ... ·,.,,1. IPlIl 

EUROPE'· \ ISRAEL & ORIENT. Low COl 
atu.nt fflghta Ilf y .. r round. A.I.S.T. 
1431 S. Le Cione •• Blvd. LOl Anoeloo. 
90IDI 17141 ..... 1333 or 12131 .·2727 
IP11/211 

EURO'E · ISRAEL· AFRICA Stud.nt 
fll.ht. sll y .. r round CONTACT: ISCA 
_ Unlvoralty Av • . • " Ion D",o. 
Coif. 1:'111 TIL 17141 217·1010 (2111 • . 
_IP11/211 

SSW Troyol OffIco - ON tAMPUS . 
EUROPE It NY Chert .. UCID Int'l 
C.ntor .-GaO 10.1:30 M.W.F. ONI,Y 
1.,111271 

~-what's happening ...... - ... , 
meetings 

TRIDNET CHRlsnAN FELLOWlHIP 
m .... Wed. 11/27 ot 7:10 In tho RoyoIIo 
Informal Loung • . Everyone woI_" 
(11/211 
MUIROC TRIP TO MT RITTER. Doc.' to 
Doc. • . " you .. Crooo-CeuMry 
Iklln.. Snow C.",pln.. Wlntor 
Mountoine.rlne. P..... como to 
or.onll.tI.n.1 moatln.. 1:30 p.m. 
Tu .. dey Now... 1174 In Hubert 
HALKIWI ...... Room 1210. A.P . • nd 
M. B ..... t"Im. 
lTUDENT GROUP. m .. tlng In tho 
lounoo of Unlveraltv . Luthoron Church 
thl. lu"y. 7 to. p.m. Evorv_ .. 
w.lcome. J11/271 

notices 
FULL·nME JOII IN CAL ITATE 
GOVERNMENT: D_bor 13 .. the 
doodlno for filing for the wlntor 'teto 
lorvlo. Entronc. b.mln.tlon. In· 
toNated atud.n. or. ....cou,..ed to 
opoly IOrly ov.n If you .radu.to In 
Juno. More Info on lOOclflc ooaltlon 
op.nln.1 .nd .ppllcetlon forml 
ovalillble .t C.,..r Plonnln.. lIIOI 
HltSI. 111/271 
Hoppy Holidayo from H .. lcon, tho 
UCID Poetry JourN!l. Avallllb" now. 
111/m 

0 •• II offerl". aoood roodlno. atudy 
okllle. · .nd noto·.klnl clo_. All 
.rou .. w~'" 2nd week of quartor. 
c.n Chid! .t~"'" or 10 to "do. 210 
MC.I1/111 

If YCIU ...... 4 unlto of oredlt end oro 
IntoflOtod 1ft tutoring. 1_. IIvI.lon 
.m.'" of aclene. c-.o. col larbore or 
Ch •• t 4U-IM or .0 to Bldo. _ Me 
(1/111 
All .tuclento IIMIOt c"" gym lock.,.. or 
,.,.. with Winter QIIOrtOr I D Cord. by 
Frldoy. Doc ..... I. Return locko .nd 
tow ...... ulomelll I .. u. room. Tho 
Phyllcol Ecfuootlon Deportment will not 
... rooponolble for homo loft In look.,.. 
(11/211 
Icl.nc. ond T.chnology 20. 
Prog,.mmlno tlm .. horln. minJoo1ft-
putero. Roy O .. w •. Rm. 780. lido. 2A 
(APaMI. leo him for ... nuo end to 
dillcu .. clo .. time 1111m 

Come to tho YIA Turlley F_tI ..... 
Androl Pull.y·YIA Nt'l CIt",n. 
F .. turlno tultt., .. oil tho trfrnm ...... 
Nov. 21ot. p.m ... NleMlno .... Only 
t1t111 a.,., (11/211 

. music 
TlfflnonnY'. E • ."..... Thonkaolvlng 
wlftl tho IIng·A·Long .ultor of 'one .. 
tho Muteted Mime of ..... Bucket on 
Fri. tho 21th from ~t2. _ La J_ 
Ilvd. AM welcome . .... IE. 1P1tlm 

more of what's happening on pqe 11 

' •• e 12 Triton Tlmn Noyember 


