
I Search Group Appointed I Cassidy 
William French Smith, 

Chairman of the University of 
California Board of Regents, has 
announced the establishment of a 
Regents' Special Committee to 
replace UC President Charles J. 
Hitch, who announced his 
decision to retire from his post 
effective this June 30. 

University and they represent a 
wide range of views on the Board . 
I have consulted with several 
Regents in addition to those I 
have appointed and I believe I 
speak for all of them in saying I 
have complete confidence in the 
committee's ability to carry out 
this assignment successfully." 

Be Disputed at 
Antendlnent to 
Coop Meeting 

by John H. Taylor 
The procedure by which an 

amendment to the Student 
Cooperative's constitution was 
approved last Monday will be 
c hallenged at next week's 
meeting, the Triton Times has 

Smith, who was charged by the ' A ed Ch learned . 
Board to appoint a committee to I anges A group of seven to eight 
find Hitch's successor, has named students, including severa l 
Regents Edward W . Carter, Announced members of the old Budget 
William M. Roth, Mrs . Edward H. Resource Group (BRG), which 
Heller, DeWitt A. Higgs, Glenn was dissolved Monday, will 
Campbell, Robert O . Reynolds The UCSD Student Financial demand that the amendment and 
and Dean A. Watkins to the Services Office has announced the election of Coop coordinators 
special panel. Regent Carter has two major changes for students be disallowed. 
been designated to serve as its interested in applying for aid for Compromise 
chairman, and Regent Higgs as the 1975-1976 school year . The amendment, which calls 
vice chairman . The Governor and h for the electl'on of members to The first change requires t at 
the Chairman of the Board will I d I f the Coop's Budget Resource al undergra uate app icants or 
serve as ex - officio members . I f Group (BRG), was approved last aid for next year must app y or 
Hitch, who as President of the the California State Scholarship. week as a compromise to a 
University, would normally be ex According to the aid office, the motion that would have required 
officio, has declined to serve, requirement is designed to insure establishment of quota systems 
saying, "1 do not think It ap- that students receive all the aid for women and minorities on the 
propriate to be directly involved that is available to them . committee . That motion , 
in the naming of my successor. I presented at the past two 
will of course help the committee The second change requires meetings by Montgomery Reed, 
in any way I can, but in an ad- any student who will be in his was designed to eliminate what 
visory capacity." first , second or third year in 1975- Reed said was implicit 

"1 believe we have an excellent 1976 to apply for a Federal Basic discrimination in the Coop's 
committee," said Smith . "The Educational Opportunity Grant. procedures and guidelines . 
members individually and Details should be obtained The amendment, proposed by 
collectively have demonstrated from the Financial Services David Cassidy, passed by a 
their commitment to the Office. 

margin of 30 to 11 . 
According to Mark Bookman, 

director of the Student Center, 
the effort to disallow passage of 
the motion will center on the 
clai m that the Coop' s 
requirement that a student must 
attend two of the last three 
meetings to vote was not 
followed . 

According to Kirk Robinson , a 
member of the BRG that was 
dissolved Monday and that 
performed all the initial budget 
work for the Coop, no effort was 
made at the beginning of the 
meeting to determine who was 
eligible to vote . 

The voting procedure is 
designed to prevent interest 
blocs, or students with only 
passing interest in the Coop, from 
gaining control of the course of a 
meeting. 

Robinson said all un-
dergraduate students at the 
meeting were allowed to vote. 
"The 'two out of three' rule was 
supposed to come into effect 
Monday," he said. 

All students were allowed to 
vote at the Coop's initial 
meetings. Official determination 
of attendance began two and a 

half weeks ago, aft r the Coop's 
guidelines and constItutIon WE're' 
passed . 

Mark Bookman 

Revotes 
Robinson said, "The members 

of the old BRG were disgusted to 
see the Coop' s c onstItut ion 
changed to fit the wh ims o f 
whoever was at the meeting 
We're going to ask for a revote o n 
the BRG proposal , and the 
election of the coordinators " 

r-------------------------~. -------------StudentCenter-----------_-----------------------------1 
Step II Set for Construction; Step III is Possible 

, 

l~ 
I ~, I ~~~Dt)D~~) ~ ) ___ .. e L ~ /' t~ ) ~ ~J 

Plans for Step II of the Student Center, which came under fire last 
spring from the Student Building Advisory Committee, have been 
reformulated, and the possibility of a Step III with features contained 
in last year's demands has opened up , 

~1 '.:J \ :;'~ ~ ~ __ ~ ~ L /I ~~ ,1 ~1J ( D ~.~ p:. "- , -: - "it" 4. 
Step II [left, with gym at far left and Mandeville Center at top of 

drawing], last year designed to run south from the present facility 
[five buildings at far left] will now run west,into the eucalyptus grove. 

Coffee House 

, ~ 'f· ~ _ :p ~) 
..: "~I 

, ~gr,. 
According to Student Center Director Mark Bookman, the 9,000 sq. 

ft . facility will include a coffee house, space for a few student 
organizations (the TT and the Women's Center], space for student co-
op efforts, and student conference rooms and lounges. e ,. _ 1, 

UC-Wide Student Enrollment 
Up; Biggest Jump in Undergrads 

Enrollment at UC has reached 
122,436 students according to 
final Fall registration fiaures 
released today (Oct. 31). The 
University-wide total represents 
an increase of 3,527 students over 
last year's enrollment of 118,909. 

The greatest arowth occurred 
in undergraduate enrollments on 
the general campuses. The filures 
show that enrollments for 
continuing and returning students 
are at a record hiah of 58,206 
students, an increase of 3,504 
over the Fall 1973 total of 54,702. 
New underl/'aduate enrollments 
are at 28,975 students this year. 
The new underaraduates are 
lomprised of 16,71~ freshment 
and 12,259 transfer studfonts . 

GenNal campus aradu.te 

enrollments went up from the 
1973 total of 25,100 to 25,437, an 
increase of 337 students. In 
addition, enrollments in the 
University's health sciences 
proarams grew from 9,157 
students in Fall 1973 to 9,818 this 
year. 

The 122,436 student enrollment 
on the nine UC campuses exceeds 
the University's anticipated 
enrollment 'of 121,036 by 1,400 
students. According to 
University-wide Director of 
Admissions Lyle Gainsiey, the 
small increase (3 percent) in the 
University's total enrollment is in 
k~pina with enroillMnt plannina 
trends across the state and 
nation 

:"\ ' 

Tom Leanse,cochairman of the Advisory Committee Registration 
Fee programs, said that the student affairs offices that will be in-
cluded in the construction (right on drawing] will not be funded 
through the 56 Student Center fee, which he s~id wu a popular 
misconception I~st spring. The Student Affairs Office, which will 
contain student employment offices and financial services offices, 
will be funded through Registration fees. 

Some students last year had felt that student funds should not be 
used to build administr~tive offices. 

Suggestions for changes in Step II had included a bowling alley, a 
smaIJ stage and movie theatre, and music practice rooms. These 
facilities, now pegged for the possible Step II , would require iln in-
~ crease in the Student Center fee. Such an increue would require a 

campus-wide referendum, and a two-thirds vote of approval from 
students. 

Proposition 4 

Regents Must Now Be 'Reflective' 
by Mark Stadler 

The crucial part of Proposition 4, passed by the 
voters Tuesday, aIJows the Board of Regents to 
appoint one UC student and faculty member. These 
are two of the measures involved in thi 
proposition, which requires that "Regents be 
broadly reflective of economic, cultural and social 
diversity" in California. 

Although the Reaents aren't required to add a 
student member, UCSD Student Lobby director 
Daryl Fanburg said Wfttnesday that he doesn't "see 
there is anyway they can avoid" it. F anburg believes 
if the Regents fail to add a student, it would weaken 
their dealinas with the Legislature, because they 
would have turned down a source of st~nt input 

FanbUfg told of tpn ion tw>t~ thf' R~f'nts and 

the Student Body President's Council (SBPC) about 
the selection method . 

The Regents want th SBPC to recomm nd thrt> 
people, leaving the fin I selection to the Regent 
themselves . The SBP<: w01,Id rather make thE' 
selection themselves. 

The Board's composition would also be changed 
by the deletion rtf ~ ! tit. ,,1 me SUh. BvdrO 
of Agriculture and the MechaniCS' Institute of an 
Francis o . The Alumni Association's Vice President 
will ~ add('d . 

Currently, the one alumni voting pot 1_ rotah·d 
between &>rkeley, UClA, RiverSide, Davi and 
Santa Barbara, with the fir t two getting the mo t 
representation Now thfl two voting mPmi>t>r Will 
Ix> rotated twtwt't'n tlll the (' ampusp 

COfttinueci on 'ap 2 



Elecfon Central 
We arrived at Election Central 

at the EI t;:ortez at about 11:30 
p.m., just before Election Night 
74 fell OVL-'r and died. We found 
Malcolm first, who was taking the 
routine debris shot, which in-
volves finding the largest ac-
cumulation of beer bottles, dirty 
plastic cups, cigarette butts and 
campaign buttons and im-
mortalizing it on film . '" joll. H. Ttlylor 

When you're down to taking 
the debris shot, you know the 
evening's ov~r. 

There were still some signs of life left-Harold Keene, who looks 
frightened and lost in person, was perched on his platform, grabbtng 
people to interview; the Channel 8 girl, wllo was at tile moment off-
camera, was hopping up and down on one foot and looking par-
ticularly silly; and Harold Greene, whom Kathy adores, was playing 
with his mustache as a reporter interviewed Wadie Deddeh. . 

If you saw that interview, you saw Wadie drop down off-camera for 
an instant, and then pop up with an expression that denoted great 
dignity. What he did was deposit the coke cup he had been holding 
behind him so no one would see he was drinking. 

Of course, a coke cup would indicate very little to me except coke, 
so the fact that Wadie felt guilty enough to ditch it means, obviously, 
that it contained some foreign mixed drink, his consumption of 
which his constituency had voted overwhelmingly against. 

Let me tell you about Soto. At election time, Soto stops spouting 
New Left rhetoric and becomes immersed in the Real and End 
Business of Politics, which yesterday consisted of watching 
Republicans get stung who had about as much to do with Watergate 
as Mary Tyler Moore. 

Just after we arrived, Soto left because he was exhausted. You see, 
at about 4:00 that afternoon, Soto had contracted The Fever, as the 
national election returns began to come in . He paced around the 
office in a frenzy, muttered madly, and rushed back and forth from 
the TV room where he listened to Brinkley and Chancellor fill,and fill 
poorly, the dead air between the announcement of significant 
national returns. 

He had gone to Election Central early so he cou ld call his story in 
to the Triton Times Rewrite Desk, which Tuesday was me and d 
broken typewriter. (As a result, we had a more recent story about the 
election than the edition of the LA Times that was on campus 
Wednesday morning. Like a rose in a freshly manured field, it was.) 

Soto is the only person on the staff who knows what all the local 
politiCians look like, and thus is the person who has to do all the 
interviewing. He managed to score exclusives with Rep. Bob Wilson, 
Assemblyman Larry Kapilotf, and the local head of the Republican 
partv . . 

Also, Soto was wearing his new suit Tuesday, which excited him 
very much. 

I don 't know how Malcolm did this election, but on election night 
after the primary it was all we could do to get him out of dark corners 
in losers' suites guzzling screwdrivers and onto the floor taking 
pictures. 

• • • 

Election Central brings all sorts of people together and makes them 
either uncomfortable or drunk. It is one evening, at the end of long 
campaigns, when any pretentions to intellectualism, or forced in-
terest in " issues," give way completely to gluttonous indulgence in 
irrationality. Election Central mirrors the reality of politics. 

Requisite Statement aside, it's always fun, when the returns are in 
and losers have little left to talk about, to watch drunk people fall 
down the stairs in the old building of the EI Cortez. There are metal 
strips on the steps which become somewhat treacherous when 
bourbon and gin are spilled on them . You can stand in the hall and 
watch clumps of sauced people stagger down, some of them clut-
ching empty plastic cups, and slide around on the steps. They always 
say "oops," as if to fall was unexpected. 
(I had always considered drunkenness in young people, like Waldie 

supporters in the primary, to be less serious than drunkenness in 60-
year-old men. I have changed my mind - they all look the same.) 

In one clump, there was a woman who said to her husband about 
the stairs, " It's a lot easier going down than going up." 

After a moment of thought, her husband responded, "Yes, it is." 
I had intended to use that quote in such a way as to make it appear 

profound, but it was just too empty and stupid . 

• 
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS 

EUROPE: '395.00 
NEW YORK: '.1.9.00 

(Spaee StilI Available) 
20 cioIys 

f1214 
Oec. 14ios AIl/(eleslPlIris TIA DC~ 
Jan. 2 ParisI Los Angeles TlA DC~ 

21 cioIys 
111 13 
Uee. 13 LosAnleln/New York TlA DC~ 
,an. 2 New York/LosAngeles TlA DC-8 

For all your student and Uni1lersity 
travel needs contact : 
Student Services West 4S1.()630 
UCSO InterN tiona I Center 
loam to 3:30pm Mon, Wed, Fri only 

Available only to UCSD Itudents, faculty, 
staff and their immediate families. 

••• 
• • 
• • • • • 
• • • : 
• • 

•••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Pale 2 Triton Times November 8, 1974 

Proposition 4 

UC Regents: 
u..tinued from pqe 1 

The older, larger campuses will 
get the most repr~ntation, 
however. According to Tom 
Robinson, president of Alumni 
and Friends of UCSD, this is 
because "larger campuses have 
some degree of pressure," due to 
the size of their alumni 
associations. 

What Robinson, and other 
small campus representatives are 
trying to do is insure that any 
rotation that is agreed upon will 
be reviewed regularly so that 
future. growth will be taken intc 

The Revelle 
Reporter 

The Revelle Commuter In-
formation Center is sending 
letters this week to commuter 
students containing a 
questionnaire to be filled out and • 
returned to the Center. The 
questionnaire is designed to gain 
information about a number of 
commuter problems, including 
transportation, living, and ser-
vices. In addition, the commuter 
center is looking for a painter 
who would be interested in doing 
a mural on one of their arched. 
walls. 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-to-date, 
176-page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cOlier postage (1 ·2 
days delivery time). 

519,GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 6203 

LOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
Our materials are sold for 

research purpoJeS onlv 

. .. :. 

" 
., 

: : !~;, : ;~ 
, , .~:;,;; ,::t~::V'· , 

• • • ~ < ~:, > .. 
., ' 

0(. ,'" 

~<~ ..,' 

'R eflective' 
account. Some campuses like 
UCSD are growin. steadily, and 
others, like Riverside, are on the 
decline. 

Regents' terms will now be 
shortened from 16 to 12 years. 
The shorten,ed length is supposed 
to keep the Regents from growing 

isolat~ or insensitve to change, 
yet stili be long enough to in-
sulate them from undue outside 
political pressure. 

All of these changes are 
designed to make Regents more 
responsive to University needs. In 
the past, the typical Regent has 
been a white, wealthy, middle-
aged male.' Proposition four 
allows for women and minorities 
to be represented. 

Poet MIchael P .... , of SIn 
FrMdlco, will read .... c:tIoI. of 
...... at 4 p .... W ...... y, 
Nov. 6, In the F~I loun8e of 
the . Ievelle Collep Commons. 

The propam, which. flee and 
open to the puhIic, II the leCond 
thll .. In the UCSO New Poetry 
·SerIeI. 

Considered an avant-Iarde 
writer, Palmer hal been In-
fluenced by modern French 
writers Raymond. lowseI, Max 
lacob .nd Arth ... Ilmbaud. HII 
worb are characterized by the 
use of puns, jokes and paradoxes. 

Published eolections of his 
worll include "Blake's Newton," 
"Plan for the City of 0," "c', 
Sonp" and ''The Circular Gates." 

He recently produced a per-
fonnance of ''The Circular Gates" 
on Berl&eIey radio station KPFA 
usinl a MOOR synthesizer. -

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
"-UNIlIOG CONTUCToas 

Leaftrlon - Sua Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALL.ATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO. 272-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

1222 Prospt!ct Street 

454-8806 

Dear Student, 
Our DELI WITH JEWIst'l 5Q\;l has a 13 page 

menu - great to practice speed readlnll 
The Sandwiches vou won't forllet - even if 

want to . Ignore the preposition ending, but 
won't be able to ignore THE MAVIN'S 
restaurant with a whole new experience in 
pleasures. 

, We tumult-from 8 in the morn until 10 • nite 
(Fri. & Sat. n'til 12 or so.) 

COllM lnu 
.. , .... ) 

••••• _ ......... L.I •••• , 

Shalom, 
Phyllis. Stan 

1Ot_ 

-------,,,.,,----au._ .............. .. 

Letters ' 
Mep Jive Not Funny 

~is letter i~ a pr~t qainst one written op-
pesina Proposition 11 In the Monday Nov. S issue 
of "Triton Times." The auth~rs: identifying 

thern~lves as "Male Chawinist Pigs", protested the 
chanalna of male«iented terms in the State 
Constitution to include both men and women 
equally. 

Perhaps their reference to "crazy feminists who 
don't wish to face up to the fact that"this is a man's 
world" was meant as somewhat of a joke but I 
think they will find fewer and fewer ~omen 
thinking that it's funny. We're tired of being treated 
like children. We want to be respected for our-
selves, our total selves. Proposition 11 showed that 
some steps are being taken to recognize women for 
themselves, not just as an afterthought to men. 

Besides implying that women have no place in 
today's government, the authors ended the article 
with an obvious sexual attack. They expressed the 
fear that making the text of the Constitution less 
masculine in its wording "would lead to a wholesale 
takeover of our society by women. Give them six 
inches and they' ll take a mile." Perhaps this, too, 
was meant to be humorous. It is not funny to me 
because too many women are under sexual op-
pression by men, and it is hard to free one's self 
from it. This kind of joke and this type of thinking 
only perpetuate the problem of women realizing 
their sexuality, trying to relate honestly to men and 
still be an individual woman in this "man's world ." 

CYNTHIA FERRI ER 

This Is Collegel 
As a high school senior I had looked forward to 

college and the tough image it had for making you 
work and study. I thought that there would be less 
social. cliques, more intelligent people and no 
cheating on tests. Well, I have found that the first 
two were as I expected, but the cheating, well. .. Iet 
me tell you a story . 

~s . ~verage Freshman comes to the great big 
university away from home, just out of high school 
and ready to work her tail off in order to pass her 
classes. Well, she's doing just fine until the non-
majors Earth Science midterm c~es. This is THE 
first mid-term for Ms. Freshman so she studies and 
studies and goes to the test in 'USB 2722 with 300 
others . A typical exam in this Freshman's mind is 
one where it is deathly silent-so silent in fact that 
you feel gui ltv rustling your paper by turnin~ the 
page. 

Not so with this exam ; the talking doesn't stop 
throughout the entire test! The six T.A.s pass out 
the exams, with no instructions to "shut up" or 
"don't cheat ." They then take their pOSitions at the 
front of the hall and crack jokes With the Prof. 
Meanwhile, the guy sitting next to Ms. Freshman is 
cussing out the test and leaning over to look at her 
paper and copy the answers . Two guys a few rows 
down are.actively arguing some point in the exam . 
These aren't just two incidents, EVERYONE is 
comparing answ rs, checking each other's papers 
and one guy was even yelling across the room 
"Hey, what's the answer to number 1m" Ms: 
Allerage Freshman is wondering what the heck is 
going on and IS THIS COLLEGE? . 

ANN CRANE 

Fascism: Or Why Certain Words 
Should Not Remain Fo~eign 

BY ALFRED Ie. WEBER 
So there is going to be another ~olloqUium on fascism But WI' lor 
whom the word "~ascism" IS hardly more than an I'mpty Inve~tlve 
used by " radicals," cannot care less 

In th~ United States, political language IS underdeveloped Dt'spl te 
revelations about US-AID in the brutal overthrow of Allende's 
government and hence the all-out repression of the Chilean people 
by the . gangster~ of the Junta, not a single Democr~t lC or Republican 

ca~dldat,e running for office this year has so much as hinted at the 
Chll~ans valiant struggle, let alone referred to their oppressors as 
fasCists . 

Political debates in this country do not analyze, let alone question, 
capitalism, but engage In its exegesIs Instead Hence the limited 
v~abulary : "Inflation, Dow Jones Index, cost of living Increase 
prime lending rate," and "tightened belts" get the imprimatur, th~ 

Rockef~lIer-nod , so-to-speak. " ReceSSIon" IS on the verge, and the 
nostalgia wave has even made "depression" fashionable again As 
long as It does not lead to consciousness, as of th e need for a 
"str~gg.le" against "capitalism," for instance! As history has shown. 
capita lism has something in store ellen for that eventualtty The 
Krupps and ITT, Onassis and Standard Oil have amply demonstrated 
their skill In switching from bread and butter to cannonfodder from 
fashion to faSCISm . And the very fact that it IS so difficult to' com -
municate meaning With and through the word "faSCism" Indicates 
the d gree to which the SWi tching has already occurred , the degree to 
which we too have already been made to forget 

That meaning is supplied by h istory It IS histOrical fact that under 

ANTIFASCIST UNITY MEETING Diego State University, in AS 
Colloquium on Fascism in Chile [Arts and "sciences 1 113, at 7:30 
and Spain--the Role of the United p_m. There will be speakers from 
States. Friday, Nov. 8, at San Chile and Spain. 

faSCist rule ineff.3ble terror was unleashed, and that it was unleashed 
With the support and approval of the ruling capitalists who in the 
time of crisis before the fascist takeover, i.e in the time of open 
economic contradictions and class antagonism feared their con -
tinued existence, as the organized masses w~re threatening to 
overthrow their barely disguised oligarchies . 

In turni~g toward the fascist party and leader, the rultng class who 
had preViously euphemized its rule with humanistic liberal 
democratic slogans, let its mask fall , brought ItS terror out Into th~ 
open for everyone, and not just for the workers . 

The terror was of course not explained In terms of the continued 
capitalist relations of production and their in-built class antagoni sm 
the worker was not the enemy (although his organizations were 
smashed, his leadersnip murdered) but " the Enemy." ThiS mythical 
" People's Enemy," whose class character was camouflaged, did yet 
serve to legitimize the constant diSCipl ining of the masses Without 
whi~h capitalism could not have hoped to see its rule through Its 
CrISIS. 

The vagueness about who this Enemy was and what He was ac-
tually doing appealed also to the middle class who had been most 
shaken by the economic disaster. It acted on their vague fears and 
helped keep those fears vague. Instead of capitalism being blamed 
for Its own crisis, the " Enemy" was blamed, and anybody opposing 
thiS scapegoatism simpl y became part of "the Enemy." To convince 
the people that they should not oppose " the People," terror re'bned 
openly and everywhere. The "enemies" were annihilated 

This is what happened in Greece under the junta, what is hap-
pening rn Chile right now. The United States' support of those 
gangsters indicates that it is also going to happen here as soon as 
wOlsening economic conditions w i ll make it imperative that these 
not be understood in terms of class antagonism but instead in terms 
of " liberal money-spenders," or of the " lacking moral fibre In our 
youth" (all because of Spock!), or of "selfish wag~demands" (while 
Rockefeller is so unselfish as to give away millions) or of " foreign 
enemies" (the Arabs .) 

In short, in terms of the opposition of " the Enemy" (a lm05t any 
scapegoat-press, students, liberals-will do) to "the Peopl'f! " (will 

~ __ .:~~~~~~::~~::~~~~~~~~~~~::~::~~~~~~~~~~~ ____ ~":S~ile:n:t~M::a~jo:r~it:y~d:O~?~)~B~u~t~t~h~in:g~Sarenotyetthere . • 

... 

", 

~. 
~\:" , , 

LA JOLLA CIVIC 
UNIVERSITY 
SYMPHONY 

PETER REJTO 
Cello Concerto No.1 in E Aat 

SymphOny No. 5 
Orchestra Set II 

CEu.o 
Shostakovich 
TschaikOlSky 
lves 

Sltur"", Now. 9- ..... Caftitria UCSD 
SundlJ, Nor. 10- Sherwood HIlt. JaIl 

Admission 
Gene'" Adm ission 53.00 

Siudenb 51.00 
BaIh Shows II 1:00 p.m. 

" If his resignation ( Ixon 's) 
proves the system works, ·you 
have to wonder how well that 
same system might have worked 
if we'd had a really blue-chip, 
sophisticated criminal in the 
White House--I nstead of a half-
mad used-car salesman."-Hunter 
S. Thomson 

IIIPIIIYI ,.. 

\ 

AamES'tIn 
. • "' •• SIS 

~AN UltcO PM().Lltl: 
Caft 

SUoMll 
for 24 hr. countel i I'll 

freespeaken 
also available 

Pale J Triton TilMl November II, 1974 
., . 

oil 



Larry Deck •• RIm: Steve Esmedina 

~Fhe Drama of Community Theatre Gambling is a Losing Proposition 
Last Friday night marked my first visit to the Mission 

Playhouse and my first exposure in quite some time to 
theatrical phenomena we call community theatre . .By 
community theatre, I mean that form of amateur production 
in which the performers, technicians and associates of the 
group are members of the community, whose work in the 
theatre is based on an interest and love of theatre in general. 
For the most part, these groups lack the funds, resources, and 
training often needed by "theatre" in the professional sense, 
but make up for these lacks by replacing all else with an 
enthusiasm for the work . 

At any rate, The Mission Playhouse, having existed for 
roughly 10 years in Old Town, is a charming place for the 
work, being an extremely intimate little thrust-stage theat~e, 
its three rows of seats holding rough Iy 70 seats. The gusto With 
which they embrace theatre cannot be doubted judging by 
their choice of difficult plays above and beyond the usual 
community theatre grab-bag of situational comedies and 
over-worked traditional dramas. 

Their current production is " The Philanthropist," A 
BourgeOise comedy by Christopher Hampton. Very much a 
thinking man's sex comedy, the play centers around the trials 
of life of an unassertive college professor whose only solid 
reality is philology and anagrams. The comedy of the play is 
largely that of English drawing room wit and situational 
pathos, rather than your standard American Neil Simon one-
liner barrage. 

In this light, some kudos need be handed to Martin Gerrish 
who carried the bulk of the playas unassertive Philip, for 
It?tting the unassertiveness unassert itself naturally. Had the 
entire cast allowed their caracters to flow as naturally, the 
production would have run much truer. . 

Unfortunately, his relaxed performance seemed to affect 
the tempo of those playing opposite him, and many two-
handed scenes fell dull and flat . The lengthy scene in which 
his fiance leaves him, lost all its comic appeal and descended 
into a soap-opera format which threw the play into a feel of 
cheap drama. 

So, with a desperate lack of pace, and a certain need to 
please, a delicate witty play seemed to flounder more than 
not and the dramas in the audience (an earmark of com-

mu~ity theatre it seems) seemed to draw more attention than 
the action on stage. Several ladies appeared to have had a few 
in the local pub before fulfilling their obligation to society 
and the arts, and though they appeared to enjoy the play with 
calls of "Oh, isn't it true" after every witticism, and gulped 
shamefacedly as poet Braham on stage tossed crowd-pleasing 
four-letter words, and discoursed on the wonders of 
masturbation (I said the humor was Bourgeois), one of the 
poor ladies vomited during the first act, and the smell of Lysol 
permeated their vacant block of seats during the second. 

''The Gambler" 
Directed by Karel Reisz 
Written by James Toback 

"TheGambler" is a professional exercise in amateur psychology. It 
is a shameless, heavy handed film that advances the cliched notion 
of gambling as an existential compulsion. The film seems such a 
sincere, seamless concoction that the viewer is in danger of ab-
sorbing all of its old hat stabs at psycho-analytical metaphor without 
ever questioning a single move. 

Unfortunately for the filmmakers, if one looks a few layers beyond 
the comfortable veneer of Karel Reisz'S hard sell direction and james 
Caan's haughty lead performance, the facile didacticism of the 
movie's "message" becomes obvious . Basically, this is a low brow 
work shooting for a high brow audience. 

The production at the Mission Playhouse suffers from a lot 
of overall concept flaws and some flabby acting which drags 
the pace of the very wordy play to distraction. The tendency 
for untrained actors to feel the need to act too much reminds 
one of the maxim " less is more" and smaller characters who 
felt the need to work very hard to illustrate their emotions 
hampered the delicate nature of the piece. 

While the production lacked much in comparison to the 
more professional and educational theatres in town, com-
munity theatre is an art unto itself and I think needs to be 
judged by iU own ~andards . On these ~andards, I ~kemy~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
hat off to the Mission Playhouse, for standing on firmer 
ground than many in their boots . Their upcoming productions 
include "That Championship Season" by jason Miller, and 
"Forget Me Not Lane" by Peter Nichols. Best of luck to 'em. 

In every essential regard, "The Gambler" is what Francois Truffaut 
once labeled the "idea" product: the film that is finished on'Ce the 
script is written . james Toback's screenplay is polished and dramatic, 
but so transparently contrived in its central focus that it is difficult to 
imagine why so much apparent effort was wasted on it. The film's 
central character, AKel Freed, is the classic Aristotellian hero, perfect 
in all ways, except for one major flaw. He is a brilliant young 
professor of literature to New York ghetto students. He has an all 
encompassing knowledge of world literature which he flaunts by 
lecturing on Dostoevski and Whitman as if he were delivering a 
sermon. He is anI up and coming novelist . He has an intelligent 
mother, a rich grandfather. and a beautiful, adoring girlfriend. His 
only flaw is that he likes to gamble. And gamble. And gamble. Of 
course, AKel explains just why, in no uncertain terms : " Because of the 
great uncertainty." 

If we take Axel's (and presemably Toback's) word for it, the only 
reason that people gamble is to lose. Again, Axel says it himself : 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• .. . .. 

: S1 ARS OF MOSCOW : 
.. .. 

.. Friday, November 8 .. 

.. .. 

.. 8:15 pm at USO's .. 

.. .. 

.. Camino Theater « 

.. .. 

.. Tidets available at .. 

.. The Turntable « 

.. 1147 Prospect ... 

.. 459-4421 ... 
; .......................................... """ .......... . 

The 
Triton Tinaes 

needs a graphic artist 
Contact 
Larry Deckel, TT Office 9-5 

x3466 
(Please bring examples of work) 

IETIIII II FIIIEIEI 
f(A~lH<~ IIIII IIIEI eF~ (rwro 

........... 

... 111 1111 I .: ... 
•• _ .... TIIum· ...... . 

-{~}-
00<.£1/ ' Fl.l. TI(J(£TRO'1 QUTl£T/./EAR/· ~R /TQRU ' AZTt<. (£nT(R 

(IVI(. THEATR( ~ oua · '5ro ~.50 ~oo 

P •• e 4 Triton Times November 8, 1974 

Return to Forever featuring Chick Corea 

New Riders of The Pu~ple ~ge 
1)( ' ,,)I , \-." 

1(·'''' 

Ozark Mounlilin Daredevils 

Concert N 
If you 're a regular or casual concert-goer and 

don't see a concert this weekend, then something 
must be wrong! Because with no less than 10 big 
acts playing in the San Diego area this weekend, 
there has got to be something for nearly 
everyone's taste. 

Starting close to home, the Campus Program 
Board is presenting one of the most widely 
musically appealing groups I've encountered' in 
ages right here in the UCSD Gym Saturday night 
November 9--The Paul Winter Consort. Paul 
Winter's Winter Consort is the most natural blend 
of jazz , classical and non-western music that can 
be imagined . It is based on Winter's interest in the 
concept of the Renaissance consorts which 
achieved an organic blend of improvisation and 
ensemble playing, which leads him to a 50rt of 
symphonic orchestrated folk music based on jaz ~. 

The seven-piece consort includes saxaphones, 
flutes, classical and 12-string guitars, bass, cello, 
sitar, and an incredible array of natural folk 
percussions which takes the renaissance concept 
of a consort and applies it to today . The result is a 
blend of the old and the new which produ ces a 
sound nothing short of captivating . 

For people more interested in a l ittle foot-
stompi n' cou ntry-western rock 'n' roll , Saturday 
November 9 briags Commander Cody & His Lost 
Planet Airmen together with New Riders of the 
Purple Sage at the San Diego Civic Theatre for 
"Rocking Hoedown 74". Little needs to be said 
about these two top-rate bands of country-rock. 
New Riders, long time companion of the Greatful 
Dead on their tours, and Commander Cody, one of 
the finest,eight piece country-western rock bands 
to come out of the Berkeley-San Francisco club 
scene have both been large hits in previous visits 
to San Diego, and this marks their first gig here 
together! 

\ , 
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 

IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~~S N'~~ ~O~ Sl' Sl3'l'~~S 

COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENT AX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA C.4MERAS. LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 
SALES'SERVICE 'TRADES' REPAIR 

DISCOUNT PRICES 

Your 

By Larry Deckel 

Progressive rock buffs have nothing to 
either. Tonight at the Civic Theatre, 

10 Forever featuring Chick Corea 
with opening act Renaissance . Chick 

tat ion in the jazz world needs no 
. He has played with such greats as Miles 

Vin Jones, MonBo Santamaria, and Herl?i~ 
name but a few . His music is among the 
of progressive jazz. Renaissance is a 
underground fava-ite British group with 
oriented jazz/rock/mood music and an 

female vocalist, Annie Haslem . 
decide where to go? Wait, it's worse. At 

club in downtown San Diego, Dan Hicks 
a triple bill with Fairport Conventioo 

tonight. Tomorrow night November 
and Fairport Convention are joined 

ests The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. 
man's at the San Diego Civic Theatre 

and there's even some straight classical 
(doesn't that sound presumptuous?) 
night n The Revelle Cafeteria as The La 

niversi ty Symphony with Peter Rejto, 
ce llo virtuoso as soloist . Cello Con-

. 1 in E Flat by Shostakovich, Symphony 
Tschaikovsky, and Ive's Fugue from 
No. IV, make up the program . 
oney is your hang-up there's sti II no 

first concert put on by the UCSD 
Guild IS this Sunday November 10, and 
the public . The show will be held in the 

n Urey Hall and the " new" gym, as 
rock, jazz, \OCals, instrumentals, 

and just about anything and/ or 
wi ll be heard. 

like music, you've got absolu tely no 
IS weekend. There has just got to be one 
lOncerts that you' ll like thi s weekend. 

I don't want to hear about your mid-

history 
kcosts 
Used. 

anOly. 

"Sure, I like to win, but it doesn't last ." If indeed Toback views 
gambling as a metaphor for life then such key lines indicate a sort of 

Paul Winter Consort 

.Fairport Convention featuring Sandy Denny 

Commander Cody and his Lost Planet Airmen 

Recording L.P.S on Tape 

SONY 
TC-121 

CpSTLY", 
'129.95 
with 

TAPE 

Brought to you by SUPERSCOPE 
SONY'S ECONOMICAL 

CASSETIE DECK 
FEATURES 

RECORDING VOLUME 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 

7717 FAY AVI: ' Olympia R"." .. plymlpI8 . Washington' OLY' ~ 
2 . V.U. METERS 
LIMITER 

la Jolla MUS~' c 
1128 Wall · 

4& .. 73&& 
es .re recyClable All 

PAUSE 
TOP LOADER 

~59-~37~ (Rich 

perverted tautology in herent in that metaphor. To live IS 10 los(', ~o 
only losers live?? 

The film talks Its pOints at you so Incessantly that It sort of nucigps 
you into submission . But even apart from Its dubiOUS psychologl/lng, 
there is a built-i n lie to th e narrative line as well. Apart from what WI' 
already know about Axel , it is explained that he has $44;000 In 
gambling debts. In the beginning Axel IS the unperturbed 
Renaissance man As the film progresses, we watch him Sink cieeper 
into the murk of his own obssesslon. How anyone, even a mociern 
superman could manage to gamble away $44,000 and only then begin 
to lose his cool isn't indicated in the film, and probably wasn't 
considered important by the filmmakers . 
. " The Gambler's" problems are compounded by Karel Reisz 's overly 
meticulous treatment of the material. In "California Split" there IS 
never any doubt that Robert Altman is handling the given screenplay 
with as much reverance as he feels It deserves, which IS none To 
Altman, a screenplay exists only to serve as the raw material With 
wh ich he can debunk its particular genre. And, although "California 
Split" is contemptible junk, Altman scores a point over ReiSZ simply 
for his smirking lack of pretension . Reisz, on the other hand tries to 
punctuate his film with as m,any attention drawin/i: devices as 
possible. He misdirects James Caan's Axel into overemphaSIZIng hiS 
classroom lectures on Dostoevski SO as to draw a parallel between 
Axel and literature's most famous gambler. Also, hiS chOice of musIC. 
Mahler's Symphony No. 1 seems a desperate attempt to put even 
more dreary emphasis into an already overblown melodrama 

Because Reisz thought he was dealing In a "character study" he 
failed to develop a convincing mlleiu In which hiS compelling 
caricatures can thrive. We are shuffl.ed through each locale as If we 
were on a tightly scheduled guided tour. " Tlnis IS ew York's ghetto, 
folks . This is a college classroom, and over there we come to Las 
Vegas. That there is a roulette table, and off to the Side here we see 
obsession . Next we see defeat, frustration, followed close ly by 
someone yawning in abject boredom ... " 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
: Friday Night Flieks : 
: . 2001: A Space Od'ysse'y : 
• by Stanley Kubrick • 
• '. ...... , ... , .. ~??~ .1.~:~. ~ :~: ?~~ ~~~~~~~ .... ...... . ,. , . • 
• Saturday Night Fllm§ • 
: Three Films by Francois Truffaul • 

.' Bed & Boord (7:30 & 11:30) : 
• Les mistons (9:15) • 
: Bride Wore Block (9:35) : 
• $1.00 USB 2722 • 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

ORIGINAL 

CARICATURE 
'IRON.ON' 
PATCHES 

FOR T .SHIRTS, 
SWEA TSHIRTS, JEANS, ne. 

Now you con nOl;'e your c orl ~ 
co tur., your boy It tend I I., 

girl fri end's, hu.sbond 's, wife's 
or en . Ido, drown by one of 

Ameflca's fo remost cOrlcature 
or'lsts ... on 5" x 7" wh it. 
coHon "Iron-On" patches . 

Simply send 0 photograph 01 
person or persons to b. drown 

With a cheCk or money order 
for 55.00 eoch . All photographs 
""II b. r •• urnod. MONEY BACK 

GUARANTEE If you oro no. 
pleased . Caricature patches 

or. rencl.red In permonen t 
in k and or. complet. ly ~ 

obi •. Just iron on any gorment. 
-ro-ur carica ture may b. copied 

by your loco I prlnt e , to 
,.p,oduce on cards, stationery, 

.'c . Sond ord.r loday, for 
ear ly return. 

....... _ .... , 
I ~--/"ILL;~ ' ~~~c~~ ~~CDOH4LO --~ W4RRfN04Lf , P4. 150&6 • 
· ' . I f"clo •• " ., "'Y pho ... ,.,h or ,h..t,o,h, oftd • I 
• cheCk Of .... n.' o,".r fe, S.5 .00 each. Wu .. "a ..... f I 
• perM" to ~ I.tt.,.. .. Oft ,.tch _____ _ 

• • 
• NAMf • 

• STIlEfT -- -- I L CITT ST4lE ZIP' • 
--------_._------_.---•• _--1 

P.,,~ 5 Triton TintH Nowembft " 1.14 



Ski lilt 
You planned this snow 
weekend with your friends 
ages ago. And nothing could 
make you change your plans. 

Toobadyourperiod . 
couldn't have happened 
other weekend. But you're 
not worried, You brought 
along Tampax tampons. 

You won't have to give 
up one precious moment in 
that deep powder. You feel 
confident protected by 
Tampax tampons. They're 
softly compressed for the 
best possible absorbency. 
Worn internally, so Tampax 
tampons are comforta ble and 
discreet. They give you 
protection you can depend 
whetheron skis or toboggan. 

Friends are.waiting for 
you on the slopes. You won't 
have todisappointthem 
when you have Tampax 
tampons tucked discreetly 
into thepocketof your parka. 

The I,*,ntl rCMectlon more _ trull 

C lI' dlO~fD .,. • D'C'O Il 
"0 .... "' .. ,. If ,.' .... 1o",. 0 ' "" ~. ( " 

Late Surge Stalls 

Spikers Eliminated 
by o.ve Eisen 

Drilled by Crossmont on 
Tuesday, UCSD's women's 
volleyball team has been knocked 
oub of league competition for 
1974. 

The Tritons now own a record 
of 7-7, and will be without a 
league title for the first time in 
three years of existence. This 
season's result is even more 
disappointing, as all along Coach 
Chuck Millenbah has felt that this 
team has more physical talent 
than any he has ever had . The 
downfall of the squad, according 
to Millpnbah, has been a great 
lack of mental toughness. 

In attempting a bit of a 
(omf'back, the Triton had won 
six of their last ven games, 
bpfore beIng dumppd by 
Grossmont, 15-13, 15-9 

UCSO now has two league ' 
gaml:'s remaining , but Instead 
must look forward to the pair of 
upcoming tournampnts . Thp 
SOWIAA will be played here, 
November 20-22, and will include 
all teams from the Tritons league. 
Then In mid-December, UCSO 
will participatp in the Reno 

Tourney, which happens to be in 
Reno. 

The inconsistency that has 
marked the team all season was 
never more evident than in the 
team's past three matches. 

The Tritons tore Mesa College 
apart in four of five games but 
then were unable to handle first 
place Crossmont. Last Friday 
UCSD was impressive twice, 
racing out to a 9-1 lead and 
winning the first gamp 15-6, and 
coasting to a 15-3 win behind the 
play of Tina Flammer in the third 
gamp. The middlp gamp saw 
Mpsa hold on to a 15-13 upset . 

All phases of the gamf' were 
complete as th Tritons bombed 
Mesa again , 15-6 , 15-7 on 
Monday. Coach Millenbah was 
Impre sed with his team. "Wp put 
It all together again . Our serving, 
setting, and pass ing werp perfect , 
ami the gi rls played well as a 
tpam ." It was an pasy day for 
UCSO, pvid n ed by a lead as 
much as 14-1 in the second game 

It was a diffE'rent story 
Tu sday, however, as th Tritons 
were hanclled pasily by unbeaten 
Grossmont in two straight gamps. 

Birdies Fly as Tritons 
Fall to Grossmont, . 8-5 

by P .. ul Willner 

The UCSO badminton team will 
face an uphill battle in their quest 
for fi rst place as they fe ll to a 
strong C rossmont team last 
Thursday 8-5. It was their first loss 
of the s ason . 

The mat h saw the return of 
Kharna Corpad who missed the 
previous match with a twisted 
ankle, but because of his absence 
his opponent took advantage of 
th e situation and soundly 
defeated him. 

According to coach Judy 
Swpet, the tpam displayed most 

of its strength in the doubles 
matches as LiL Noll was the lone 
singles victor with an 11-7, 11-6 
victory. 

In preparation for th e 
Grossmont match, the swatters 
troun ced league newcompr 
Palomar with a clean sweep of 
the match HO. 

USIU, Field Refs Trip UCSD 

With the absence of Gorpade, 
Cliff Gates stepped into the 
spotlight as number one singles 
player, and proceeded to capture 
his match in two straight games. 
According to (oach Sweet, th'e 
tpam played near flawless 
badminton as in only one match, 
was a third gamf' necessary . ThE' 
match saw 17 rlayers see action, 
thf' largl'st number of players 
fif'lded on any match to datp by 
thp tt'am 

Lpading tht> way in thp mf'n's 
doubl!'s was thl' first timl' tf'am of 
Stt>vp Wai and Lpp Miramontf'S 
who caml' through WIth a 15:7, 
15-7 victory. Only Stacy Kf'nnon 
and Kl'nt Schwitkis werE' forcpd to 
take their match to a third gamp 
before prevailing. 

by Dave Eisen 
Well folks, it happened again. 
Less than one month ago, field conaitions and 

referees cost UCSO's soccer team a victory at 
Tijuana Tech. It was an instant replay Wpdnesday 
afternoon as identical factors lead to a H), loss at 
USIU. 

Playing on a muddy, torn-up field was bad 
pnough as the Tritons couldn't pass well enough to 
get thei r offense going. Compounding this misery, 
the referees, to the dismay of the many spectators, 
failed to control what appeared to be illega l tactics 
by USIU. 

"When the referees don't make the correct ca lls 
on the illegal tactics, the team that plays the 
cleaner game suffers," said Coach Stewart Hayes. 
"That's exact ly what happened to LIS . " 

Although an incredible 27 fouls were called 
against USIU to 8 against UCSO, it was the ca lls on 
more blatant fouls (such as high kicking and 
tripPing) that weren't made, that hurt the Tritons 

-

Thp loss was a rostly one for UCSD, as it 
I:' l imi nates them from pntering the NAIA District 
Play-offs next weekend. 

Twenty minutes into the gam!', USIU took ad-
vantage of a mix-up In front of the Triton goal to 
score on a wide shot from the left side. UCSO was 
forced to catch up by keeping the ball in the air on 
passes, rather than on the ground, be.cause of the 
poor field . Ne.ar first half Triton scores were by 
Carlos Robles on a head shot that went wide, and 
Fr!'d Vernaccia, whose shot was tipPf'd just over the 
nl:'t. 

UCSO goalie lohn Prim made a spectacular stop 
of a penalty shot in the Sp ond half , diving to his 
ri ght and catching the ball with his finger tips. Joe" 
Wettstein got the best Triton scoring chancps in the 
spcond half but was thwartpd twi cp. 

Th soccer squaa had been deft>ated by UC 
Riverside, 3-1 on Saturday. Jairo Marin put UCSD 
ahpan on a goal from right in front , early in I he 
gam!' UCR went on later to take the Ipad, and win 
th t> gamp with some goon df' ff'nsivp work . 

In previous outings this ypar 
the swattNs have looked im-
pressive as they swept aside 
Southwestern and M es a by 
identical 12-1 scores. 

Last year SAW the Tritons and 
Grossmont tie for first pla(e and 
this year looks as if it will be a 
similar race. If the Tritons are to 
take first place they must win the 
rpmaindl'r of their matches and 
must beat Grossmont by at least a 
9-4 score, but then of course there 
arl:' always miracles . 

COMMUNITY 
BlOOOBANK 
JIJ F. Street 

[CPb U.C.S.D. CAMPUS BOARD 
PRESENTS FOR NOVEMBER 

PAYS DONORS 
forserwke 

Mon.·~I. 
1:4S-S:lO 
Closed Sun. 
233-6481 

"WOK OF THE WEEK" 

Chicken With 
Black Mushroom 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

CUISINE 
"'*'-""",.: 
MOIf-T1HI, ~1tI 

Frl-S.t~" 

Beer ilnd wine 
served 

10'3 .. Discount wilh 
UCSD StudenllD 

AMPU PARkiNG • 
45'-9842 
La loll .. Blvd . 

PAUL WINTER 
CONSORT 

Saturday Nov. 9 
8:00 pm 

U.C.s.D. Gymnasium 
Winter Consort offers a rich and awesomely 
musical eJ<perience. There are elements of 
rock, jazz and classical music but like a 
Iong-simmered stew with many spices, the 
flavors have become so intertwined that 
they are impo~sible to isolate . 

$2.50 3.50 

Eugene O'Neill Center's 
NATIONAL THEATRE ·· 

OF THE DEAF 
Monday, Nov, 18 

8:00 pm 
u.c.s.D. GJlllnasiu. 

Presenting " Priscilla, Princess of Power" 
based on a Slory by New Yorker cartoonist 
james Stevenson ; and "The Dybbuk" a 
dazzling adaptation of a classic Jewish folk 
tale beset with devils and demons. 
"These excellent actors touched by the 
angel of silence. bring us a fresh un-

~standinl of the iMstimable value of 
words." ._. IIGiorno. 

....... $2.00, 3.00 

THE BLACKEARTH I Saturday Nov. 16 
PERCUSSION GROUP ~:30 pm 

U.C.S.o. Ievelle Cafeteria 
"reveal. a load potenti.' of e .... ncIint..!.onecioulMtl. Mare power to itt W~ • 
pel'hapt Nyinl nothl",." 

·Hilrry Partch, compollt. '1.50 2.50 
Tickets IVai .... : 

U.C.S.D. STUDENT CENnllOX OffKE 
Noon· 4:10 T .... y throuth f~. Infonution: 4Sl-4092 

PaRe (, Triton Times Novemher R, 1'74 

Scorpions 

Nature Comer 
by ~'colm A. Smith 

Hello there, nature lovers, it's time once again to explore the 
mysteries of the natural world. In this lesson we will explore yet 
another fascinating aspect of life, through simple experiments that 
can be performed in the privacy and safety of your very own back 
'yard. 

Today we investigate the scorpion, one of nature's most maligned 
creatures. There is a great deal of prejudice that surrounds the 
arachnids, and, like all prejudice, it is based on ignorance. In truth, 
the scorpion is one of natures most interesting animals'. 

The first problem is locating a scorpion. IThey are easy to find, 
making their homes under houses, in wQOd pill'S, etc. In fact, the 
problem is not SO much finding a scorpion as it is in avoiding having 
the scorpion find you. Premature contact will spoil the scientific 
nature of our eJ<periments. One sure method of circumventing this 
problem is to send ' a younger brother or sister out in search of a 
scorpion, so that" the scorpion should find him before lie finds it, 
nothing will be lost. 

A scorpion is, as you will see, a fearsome looking beast. A large 
specimen, although easier to observe, is less exciting than a smaller 
one, largely because a small one can disappear should you let your 
eyes stray from it even for a moment, and this will give 'you several 
minutes, hours, or even days of excitement before the little rascal 'is 
found. 

The first thing that you will notice are the claws, which are u~ed to 
hold its food. Unlike the Maine lobster,the grip is not strong, and you 
can allow it to pinch your finger without harm. One advantage of this 
is that it will stop running around and sit quietly so that you r an study 
it . 

Once the scorpion has a good grip 'On your · finger, you will learn 
why the scorpion has the reputation that it has. Its tail will flick 
forward, and the small sack on its tip will empty itself into your 
finger . As this action is extremely rapid, you may wish to observe it 
several times in order to fully appreciate this amazing characteristi c. 

Now you will discover the secret of the scorpion, which is creeping 
up your arm in the form of a burning followed by a numbness and 
dull pain . This will last two to three days, depending upon the size of 
the dose. Not only will you be able to watch and record the speed at 
which the poison creeps up your arm, you will be able to observe the 
speed at which It creeps back down your arm in the following days. 
This will give you much food for thought; as you lie in bed, you can 
contemplate the remarkable amount of pain that can be ca used by 
such a small creature. 

By the way, you should remember that the on ly potentially fatal 
. variety of scorpion is small and virtually indistinguishable from the 
less harmful varieties. The best way to learn to tell the difference 
between these scorpions is i?y making many eJ<periments and keeping 
careful records so that your friends can benefit from YQur experience 
and avoid the fatal variety. 

/ 

Swimmers Take Fourth at UCLA I 
by Bert Lee 

The women's swim team started out tlieir season 
on a promiSing note by taking fourth place honors 
in the B division last Saturday at the SCiAC Relays 
held at UCLA. 

The Tritons capttJrpd two first plac!'s In th!' 100 
Meter Free-style Relay (Kathy ZIPglf'r , Martha 
Fredrickson, Mary Callahan and Diana Ludwig) and 
In the 200 Meter Freestyle Relay (Ludwig, Kathy 
Smith, Fredrickson and Sherr.y Klein) Th!' Tritons 
also captured second place in thp 100 Metf'r 
Backstroke Relay and third In the 100 M!'tN But-
terfly Relay. 

Coach Diana Dann was extremely pleased with 
'1he results of the meet. The Tritons placed behind 
such powerhouse swim teams like SO State and 
UCLA, but managed to beat out six other teams in 
the final point standings. 

Coach Dann noted that the team still nppds a lot 
of work on their starts and turns and also a 1111 If' 
work on their strokes. 

You don't blow an extraordinary idea 
, on an ordinary shoe. 

By now you' re probably 
aware that Roots are not 
like other kinds of footwear. 
The heel is lower to give 
you the natural kind of 
walk you'd get by going 
barefoot in sand. The arch 
is supported, so if you 
spend much time on your 
feet you'll now spend it in 
much greater comfort. The 
rocker sale helps spring 
you off on each footstep, 
so walking becomes a little 

less work than it ever was 
before. 
But a big part of Roots ' 
success lies in not how 

10909 Kinross Ave. 
Westwood Village 

(213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St. 

La Jolla, Calif. 
(714) 459-3611 

they' re made. bUlhow 
well . Only the finest grade 
Canadian hides are 
selected. These are hand-
crafted into Roots, simply 
because, for much of our 
production , the most 
efficient macbine is still the 
human hand. 
This is why, of all the 
reasons we could give you 
for trying Roots, none 
would fit quite so well as the 
shoe itself. 

BIG DISCOUNTS%-
SAVE UP TO $3.00! 

Records 
Ml:ljor labels! Top artists! 

Hundreds of records! Classics included! 
Many, many selections in this special purchase. 

University Bookstore Fri. November 8th 
UruVfRSITY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS-EXTENSION 3770 STORE HOURS: MON.-FRio 8 TO 4:15 ¥ATTHIWS CAMPUS )!;JI.'l',l!;NSION mo 

TEXTS'COMPLETE GENERAL BOOK SECTION 
CURRENT TITLES'GIFT BOOKS'REFERENCE 
MEDICAL 'STUDY AIDS' AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICE 

SCHOOL SUPPLlES'GIFTS'GREETING CARDS 
ART SUPPLIES'VITAMINS'HEALTH FOODS 
SOFTWARE'SUNDRIES 

• 

'ille 7 Triton Times November I , 1974 



notices 

~ _noh: .. honey Ice _'" 0_ dIru the ........ • t ...... 
....... foode • 100 Creem. _ •. 
-.. ..... (lty the "'-tNl. (p "111 

'ROTWaTANT (Luthoront \¥ORIHI' 
.RYICI"''''rw film on the ...... ,.... 
..... ... T_ CD •• ator." tHo 'uMey. 
.. Lm.. .t UnIwnhy LuthorM 
Chura ... '_or Jolin Huber ...... hI .... 

CATHOUC MAli 10 halel on luncloya. 
I:JII Lm .• nd 1:00 p.m .• • t U"'--hy 
Lutheran Church. with F...... Ed 
Don_n .nd hmIe Comoboll; 0100 .t 
UCiD 'tudent c.rn.r. ,. .. Lm. ("111 
STUDENTS MEET FOR FELLOW.HIP 
... In .t Unlvwllty Luthenln Church 
1111. 'unday et 7 p.m.. but wli then 
drtve to the ~h ne.t to KoI"" ,.rk 
It Lo Jol .. ah_ . .,.., the 1If. ",ord 
ItOtion. All .re w*-. ColI JolIn for 
..... ~ or ..... (11111 

UCLA ORADUATE .CHOOL OF 
MANAOEMENT on "mpu8 FrIcIoy. 
Nov. • (.11 day. Revel.. InfonMl 
Loun ... · drop In b .... I. Into"otod 
pol1lcu"rty In .. Iklna with minority 
.. u...... concornl... theI, proarem •• 
.... rel ocImloll_. financial .1 .. 
111/11 

eo,. u.ve for ,.... .. tHo ~. 
Nov . .. at 1 Lm .• froIII UnhwaIty 
Luthar8n C ........ _ La JGIII ...... 
Dr. (_t of UCiDI. The oInIo .nd 
"oo"" oaMIr of the Lu ........ 
Collfamia MlIoIon wli ba vIaIted. 
foll_.d by lunoh In downt_n . 
TIJuana. Everyone 10 welcomL 'hone 
eo ...... P_or John Hubor for data .... 
.., or __ . (",., 

Att.ntlon: Coli... Compo.ltlon 
pro.rem fo, tho Winter qu.rter· 
.tudaml .. n ,...",. .... ~ 
ItO..... from Co",*, In .,.-. 4. 
M.--' Campuo for tN. weak. For 
week .... Inntna Nov. "th they .. n .0 
to room 1 •• 1eI .. _ Metlwwo Compu. 
to aM .... , .. ,. .......... (11111 

NOAA COMMIIIIONED CORPI will 
haw • rep_tatIve on oompu. 
FrIcIoy. Nov. I. Hydroa,.lIIo .nd 
oc •• noaraphlc Inv ...... tlon •• I.t., 
.... nmant to fad ...... nay. BAlM. 
In En.ln .. ,ln.. M.th. Phy.lc •• 
Ocaanoa,.phy. BloIoay. ralDtad flalclo. 
App... .nd Intor .t Ca~ Plonnin • • 
... Hft... (11/11 

En .. r Into tho Love. 0...., In llnaln •• 
f.II_.hlp. and .,owln. In Ood . 
Compu. Cruud. for Ctvlot B 'B. 
Wlnd.or commona 7:00 thl. FrIcIoy Nov. 
I. (11/11 

Coma to tho union of Jawlah .tudan .. 
Shobbot dinner. FrL Nov . • It 7:311 p.m. 
Piquant 1.,...1 fDOdo •• habbot IPIrtt 
will b. p,ovIded In the Muir apt. loun ... 
You _ w.lcom. to brt... Shabbat 
.. nd ... (11111 

AT1INTlON ALL THIRD COLLIGE 
DlCLAIlID .IOLOGY MAJORaIl In 
.,., to flna ... WIfttor Q...,., ... 
.... Iotrotlon, YOU muat ... the ........ ,. 
of • faoulty _bar In tho .Ioeo.v 
Daporm.nt ALONG WITH tha .loIoay 
D.p.rtm.nt ,"mp from Ruth 
~"". _ ._ Hall. The 
........ ,. aI ... or the ... "", .1 ... wIN 
not ba auttlol.,.. (11/111 

CALPIRG f .. _do.ra _ .vallobla. If 
you polel your f .. tN. quartor. atop by 
rm. '1111 In tho atu.nt oomar to pick 
you,. up. (11111 

Coma to the .. mpua ~ Concert 
Fooet Cre ... Fair. 'un. Nov. 10th. 11 Lm . 
· 4 p.m. On the .,... batwaan Uray Hall 
.nd ... Oym. FREE. Every ... I. Invltedl 
111111 

"roo .'00 In prlz ... At UC.D BIke R_ 
Thi ••• t. Nov. 1 .t .ooketore 12:GD N_ 
AIL onty 111/11 

Como ab .. rv •• habbot with uol Th. UJ • 
will ii. holcllna • Sabbath dinner In the 
Muir .... rtmento TV lounae Fri. 7:311 (11111 

ATTENTION PRE·LAW STUDENT.: 
c... W .. torn R_",. Low 'chool wiN 
how • rep,..." .. tlve on .. mpu. 
Monday. Nov. 11 .t tho Revello Formel 
Loun... 2 • I p.m. Allo. Booton 
Unlverllty School of Low will be ho,. 
Tuaodoy. Nov. 12. 10 • 11 •. m . • t tho 
.tud.nt C.nt.r O.m./Conf."nc. 
Room. 'oth rapr_ntotl_ will .. Ik 
about proaralfto. ..norel edm .... ona. 
financial .Id .. 111/111 

UCID Art Oallery. An .hIbhIon of 
work by "rbara .mIth. Throu.h 
o-bor 4. M.ndavIIIa Cantor 0aIIary 
(r_ 1011. 'unday·FrIaoy 12... FI_ 
.nd V ...... wi. ba .~n on 
November" .nd November 11 from 2-1 
pm In the Oollary. (""1 

films 
Tha I ..... tim "I Love You. R_" II 
boIna ooraanad Tu... Nov. 12 at 7:JD 
p.m. In the UII 2722. No edm .... on 
cha,... 1111111 

dances 

DANCE to "Olory" Juot returned from 
LA. ..turday Nov. I; .... m. Mon-
talumo H.IL .D.U . • 1.11. Bonaflt the 
Community Vldoo Op. (11/11 

PO.T HALLOWEEN DANCE f .. turtna 
lENT WATER. Nov. I .•• ,:00 Muir 
main dlnln. Rm. 111/11 

Attandon . ••• port of U.C.'.D. dIInce 
hI.tory. II. d_ comlno up apon-
oorod by aurf club. W.tch till. _don 
for mOfll Infol 111/11 

music 
Firat Mu ... na Oulld Concert to b'a 
hold on 'unday Nov. 10 from ,,-4 
botwaon Uray han .nd new .ym. 
Soundo of jazz rock. m.ybe bluaaraoo. 
.nd oIn.l. 1tYI .. will fl ..... Ir. (nlll 

La Jolla Clvla/Unlv.ralty 
0 ..... Nov •• I _m ...... CaI' .. ,...1 
New. ,. • pm .............. Lo 
''''''''t1. G ........ TIok ... eveIl 
b_ ofIIoo 8nd door. (11111 

new classes 
NEW CLAII ConIemp. 1_ ,. 
Hou_... Coo...... 2 to • u ..... 
p .... b ... I ........... otudantI raocI our 
prop ... 1 It tho CI 0ffI00 • aM their 
nome. phona • to AIIII .... WIN ba 
_I .... on Mon. for ........ ..... 
etc.. 111/111 

Iiolo.y 1n. Probl.in. In M.rln. 
BloIoay 11 Unit at 'ocIaao 'ay. Dre. 
MIohaaI Gill_In. Mor1Imor I1arr .nd 
Cadet Hand .... Dr. DanIel It HartlIne. 
z-. 10_ .... L D .... rtment of 
'loIoay. 0ffI0a houro: Mondaya 1-1 
P.M. • FrIdIIn ,.. P.M. or by .... 
polntment. (11/111 

lectures 

110 Cham Clinic · Mon.~Thure. 2-1. 7· 
10. Fri. 2-1. 'un n!tao. Muir 28-21a. 
111/271 

Dr. Chrletophar lrannan Enalnaarlna .ft40 
AIIIIIad W- DIvIoIon California 
InatItuto of Tachnoloay "Locomotion of 
Mlcrooraanlorno" Frt. Nov 1 2.. p.m. 
Room 1M. IooIc 1cI_ lulldln. (11111 

u .. ----'-o-r-sa-Ie------R-I.-w-.-nted--to-s-.F-. • -,..-o-n-N-ov-. -I-W-III--:M~"~.ha-p-p-y-tO-:hava--y-OU~d_-n-w~lth~m-.--1I11I"'.nrIC~Aments for .OU 
ahoro g... drlvln. . Tin.: 412·1031 many happy raturno. (11/11 

Oroon Ichwlnn 10 .-d ... L condo ZI lnoh _ M •• ___ (11/111 

CIooaIool .ul..,1 !lint ton. ft .ctlon 
R_ood w/map" neck .'lO/offor 
412·1714 111111 

M.n. Om... dlvln. w.tch with 
.... nIaoo .... 1 brocalat·.lnt condo _ 
col Tom ...... 111111 

VIva.r ~ZII auto zoom lana with 
mlnoItII odapuw. Ik. _ .111 .. II 
Tom ...... (11111 
Ful for ... w.llowtall 4T' knaoboord-
.oad cond .. blu. w/.raan plnotrtpoo. 
..... 11 Cindy 412-1477 (11111 
For 801.: Stuffed Y.k from nbet. Oood 
condition. Ju" thow. hoot .nd a.rv • . 
C.II 412·'" (11111 
T1 Mulltllna. Auto. olr. p_er 11_ln • • 
block vinyl top. M.ke offar. Coli C.rol 
.... (11111 
NORDICA SKI BOOTS. 10M • • xa.llont 
cond .• J.t Stlll.nd corrtor Included •• 70. 
Rich .t ~·"1 ofter 7. (11/11 
W.A.V.E. aurfboard 7OAT. V.ry I1rong 
end light. 5 .... n_ tod.y for ., •. COli 
• ' ·1171 

8'7" Suna.t aw.llowt.1I MO. 8'7" 
aqua rotol I surfboard .'11. DINII w.t· 
suit al .. v ... 10. All very good condo 
431-_' T.r ... (11/81 

n Triumph blk. 1_ mi . • 710. M.mly.· 
1000 DTl .. m.r.·.'21i. 12·atrlng ven· 
tura· •. 75-230mm zoom I.na p.nta. 
mt.· ••. All In •• c.'lent condition 
72T.Ii46 .v.nlnga. (11/131 

Ceb.r .kl boo ... az. 8% . t30. 1lOcm. 
Y8moha akl. w/Solomen 404'. t30. 
P+M akl boo ... az. 10% . t40 75f121i. 
(11/111 

4 tick ... to 0 .. ,... Mon. Nov. 11. 
Forum. Got to •• 11; w.·r. living In a 
moterl.1 world. 412·1117 (11/81 

Nood Tr.nsportatlon7 1110 Ford Felcon 
with provon rollebility. good 
moehanlcol condition. tlr ... . tc. N_ 
pelnt. nead. • .. t cow,.. $200.00 
27CZ71O (11/81 

For 5.1.: 52 Ch.v Imp.1a 71.000 mil ... 
good con JI"on t2CIO or boot ottor. Nood 
to lOll. Cjll Bob (413-38311 (11/81 
'14 Chaw-olet S .. tlon W.gon M.nu.1 
Tr.neml".lon Oood Condition .2110. 
Ph_: .... 143 111111 

For 8010: 'W Sq. Back 71 ., •• Hand. 
710 Ie 7 . ...,. both .ood condition. 
m.vn 1111111 

1O-1P. c..rtllrion. 21" frome. bcaIIant 
condition ".~. (11111 

For lola: IPRING 1U1T. COlOR TV. 
F"ONT .EATI FOR KARMANN GHIA. 
Col M.tt 7It-., (11111 
New Muoicel InotrumantL Student 
dlacounta. Ex.mpl .. : •• Im.r 100 
cIortfWt 121 (liot _I. Olllaon'" ",ltar 
_ (liot mi . .... or m.~. 
(,,'/11 
Toyota ........ Cute ... acOftOmloal cor. 
M ...... II. 7It--.. bat ... 1:11 or ..... 
111/11 

(11/11 personals 
K.thy·Happy BI~ to the flnDOt lady 
I k_. A friend for I .... Lew. Lon (11111 
C.llfornl. Olrl·W.·r. .onn. rock 
.round ... clOck tonIaht-D.D.'. (11111 
LlChuonla: H_ .. n I fI.ht without my 
Oun? (11/11 

Tho U.N. will hold. m .... na 'unday on 
tho Baoch .t D_. Countrtoo mu .. 
IOnd dlplometl. Oonnany (11111 
Scotland doaon't k_ It but ah.·. 
d_ boon Invaded. Oarmeny 111111 

LC.M.·And I elwaya thou.ht wha'" 
_,. true blu.1 Captain Ahob (11111 

K.thy: Bbbboby. YOU .In·t _n nothln' 
y.tl H.ppy Ilrthdayl Jockoon .nd 
Jlmbo (11/81 

Murp .... t ·. not nlca to fool Mothor 
Neture. you J .. ult. 111111 

Jenette thonks for doln tho pepar. you 
• re en .ngol. (11/81 
JP .nd "Our Suit." _ : M.ny thanks 
for the VERY .upar blrthd.ylll J.n.t. 
(11/81 

Rlv.rwld. Runt M.ny happy Returna. I 
vent to drink your blood. The Swedleh 
ve mplr.. (11/81 
VI,.ln needed for IOcrlflcl.1 victim .t 
Becchona'lan orgy 11111. S .. AI lA' 
2114 or John 2111 111/1111 

G.rm.ny· tho wer la on w. will win. 
Hitler la a achtup. W •• r. tho m .... r 
reco. Llthu.nl • . (11/81 

Hoy B.rb. I went you to hove ••. 
p.rlencad .11. Thl. I. no Idl. thrMt. I 
m .. n bull ....... Rocky. (11/81 . 

To tho myaterlou. blond In Ch.m. IA. 
I'd rM11y Ilk. to g.t to kn_ you. Th. 
Itortng radhaod. (11111 
Jonl. WI.hlng you tho b.11 of 
ev.rythlng. H.ppy blrthd.y. Lov •• 
Audrey ft G.yle (11/81 

Lleton to " Roo" of Chang." with Lind. 
.nd B.rry av.ry S.t. .fternoon from 
4:30 to 1:30 on KLRO • FM. (11111 
B,,".r Wlnao: Durtng our undul.tlng 
g .. turoo. you only uncorked rt.orou. 
obvIou. k."na. H ...... (11111 
JEFF H: You moll. worklna on Friday. 
.N worth while. Tho .. _1 Tho 1111 Y 
Icoopor. ("111 

nln-Dld you Iko ... pumpkin? M.y I 
how the fIrot (ft ~I dII_ tonl.ht? 
"'111 

To D.nl.lop.nl.1 Mc'oln. 'oln.: 
WElCOME WELCOME WELCOMEI 
XOOX· CarIoa (11111 

R.' .-Can't you walt for tho weakand? HGw·. o,..nIo chamlatry? (11111 
Happy ..",..., Shah p..., love and 
II ...... your H.ram TK. HH. TH. CIK. 
CG 111/11 

'qe • Triton Times Nowember 8, 1974 

PAUL: Contact m. about tho ph_ bNI. 
Ertc. (11111 

K.K. HI. Happy Ilrthday. Happy 11r-
thdIIy HI.h. HIPPY HI.h Ilrthdayl 
Amooin (11111 

K.thy·Hope you have • moot tin-
tlnabu"tln. l·dIIy. lI.nod the "'1.,. 
from M.re. (11/11 

housing 
Nood fam.1e room ..... _n .. 
p .... b... W Vi ....... '00/mo. + utL 
CoN Lauro. ... ,42. 1111111 

HOUSEMATECal WANTED: Com· 
fortable living In Enclnlto •• 11mln to 
UCSD. I.r.. .pt. Own room/aOO 
Shore w/on. othern4.00. Avoll. Dac. I. 
~.'0. (11111 
Studio Apt.·For Rent 1 or 2 paroono.·LJ . 
Vlllag.lnn by n_ pool on Rid ... bov. 
Olliman Dr. Co,. .. ct M.na ..... ent. 
(11 /81 

F.male HoulOmat. NaocIocI: W. hova • 
b .. utlful 3 br. homo on cliffe In O.B. 
Nlc. .Id. of t_n. Own Room 
.78.III~utllltl .. w/2 othar atuden ... BI • 
b.ckyard. g.rd.n .r ... pl.no .tc. Call 
223-7D or com. by 1012 •• n .. Cruz .t. 
O.B. (11/111 

Fom Rmmt. w.ntad to ahar. 2 bdrm 
apt. In Sol.no. Own room. tID + utll. 
B.g. Doc. 211 •• ,._ (11/11 

N •• d F.m.l. to ah.r. .pt. In 
Clairemont. own room·. . .ha",. 
.. II Silvio ...,22 (111111 
Own room .V. now In Clrm . • pt. w/f. 
Orad & cot. pref. F. Orad .. Uparclm . • 
+ utI. lynda 272,1132 (11/111 

Avol .. bl.IMMEDIA"nLY: L,... hoo". 
Pate ok.y. Own rm. p ... lble. M or F .. II 
431-3413. 1111111 

" New" Ploymor·3 B.dRoom. 1 ~ both •• 
p.tio. c.rp.t, drap ••• rafrlg.retor. 462· 
2136 or 610-1242. (11 III 
Fm. Rmt. needed to ah.r. condo for 
wint.r (3 bd .• 1 ~ bothl. 1 % mlleo from 
UCSD. G."... Hlgh"'n • . 413-':' or 
463-8331. (11 III 

R.nt 1 Bdrm unfumlohocl Apt. near 
_n In N. P.clflc Iaoch. t1IO/rno. 
ov.lI.bl. Nov. I. '.cky. 411-1211 
ovanInao. (111111 

Dol Mar: your _n room In "-
w/mullc .Ndu •• otucIant. Wood floora. 
front .nd bac* yord. _Ith 11.. or lana 
_ .. for Noel ....... _ole _t. 
(11111 

wanted 
W.nted: UaocI ...... pona .. .... 
IronI and .......... toolo. Call ... ., 
-.-. (p'"'" 
NEED EXTRA CAlH? PayIRa Top Dollar 
for your U.S. liver CCllna ........ 
before ". Kon "". (~ 1111 
DENVER: 2 rtdan .--.. In '71 _. 
.... lana 1211. rot. W2I. .......... . 
drtva. 272·111Z (11111 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS all 
modal. av.llable .. II Mr. FIoHy 2m. 
21. (p1/131 

TENN.. LE.SONI: .t.v. • •••• tt 
(membar U.PTAI. ""dont rotao .... 
". (p 11111 

RUSSIAN TRANSLATORS with 
oclanttflc tNlnln. requlrad. Aloo other 
Ionau..... Fr .... no.. land rDOUm. to 
'ClTRAN • . '0. ... Ion_ •• rbare. 
Collfornla .... (p 11111 
TYPIST. F •• t. •• per pa... Coli .. 
IZ72. 

PortrIIto. color or .ftW. You chooo. 
.. tUna. Choop. 4l3-172li. 111/111 
W.nt to und .... nd yourlalf battor? 
AotrolDlY workohop oto,.. ooon. __ 
0131 or .... , . (p 111131 
TYPiNO . MARILYN would Ike to typo 
your popor. th .. I.. etc. .ha II •. 
porlencad on all typao of pop.,.. f .... 
r .. aonabl •• nd h ... n 11M. P ..... c.1I 
har .t ,,70lIl. (pd 11/131 
TYPIST.: IBM. Tarm p.p.,.. ....... 
d"'rtotlono. .tc. Edltln./RU.H . JOB· 
S/Xoro • . Andl: 210·.207 ft HO·~ 
(P11/111 
Term Pap.,.1 C.nad.·. lor ...... rvloe. 
For .... I DIU. IOnd «Z to: EIOoY Bar· vI_. 17 .padlna Ava.. No. 2DI. 
Toronto. On .. rlo. Conedll. (PlIII 

Typlno: Th_. torm p.p.,.. raporte. 
m.nuacrtp ... R ... onabl. R .... Prompt 
.. rvlc.. N •• r UCSD campu. 
Proof,..dln .. Ed.!!ln • . eJ.InI 111/111 
Summar Joba for 71: No _part_ 
nac._ry. Apply for Jaba .t ..... nd 
Fed.,.1 P.rk.. Ou_ R.no"" Tourlo\ 
r .. ona. prlvo .... mpo. L .. m H_. When 
.nd Wh.re to apply. Rac"". over _ 
C.llfom" na ...... nd .dd-. send 
noo to J.O.I. Dept. .. P.O. '0 ••• 
Mon_ray. CA 13140 (P111111 

travel 
EUROPE. I.RAEL·AFRICA Stud.nt 
fll.hto .11 yeor round CONTACT: IICA 
_ Unlvarllty Av.. .11 Ion DI .. o. 
Cal". 12111 TEL (7141 287·'" (2131 .. 
_ (P11/271 

EUROPE. IIRAEL ft ORIENT. L_ coot 
.~t fll.hto .11 ~ round. A.1.'.:r. 
,. ' . Lo CI ....... 'Ivd. Loo Ana ..... 
_ (7141 ....-a or 12111 •• Z7Z7 
(P111271 
IIW T_I 0ffI00 • ON CAMPUS • 
EUROPE • NY Cherton UCiD Int'I 
Cantor • __ ..a:JD M.W.F.ONLY 
(';111271 

lost and found 
LOIT: _ orIantol .... nod WIIIIet 
o ..... nlna .......... ......, .IMI 10. 
PUAII ~ raIurft to ...... Info. 
....... (11111 

L0IT5L01T 'f .• WIll ........ ... 
Pu.. Tu. " .............. lela. CoM. . ,,,,. 

FOUND·",.n·. watall In unlve,.lty 
...". .. Call ...... WontIfy ..... , . 
"'111 

Loot In m.na room In Muir comm_. 
10,.. oliver rlntII with turq. lneat. M. 
piner K2 eont. veN. rew.rd . .,.,. 
(11111 

To tho ..-on who took ... oaIouIotor 
from the _tor In .roy compu_ 
can_ TUL .t 11 p.m .• r .. m It to tho 
offIoo. Tho .. you. (11111 

Loot: BIaok1lM co ...... rfrom M ..... n 
brolc.,... houao. In HL Aud. Mon. _ 
Name ItIImpocl In frorrt DOver-H.c. 
.... nmetz. "" •. 111/11 

theater listing 
ACADEMY 

1721 Univeroity Avo. 
2111-10lI0 

CAPRI 
P.rk .t UnIY . ..,. 

T .... Hr.l:JD.I 
'TAMARIND .EED· •• 1O p.m. 

Co-Hit 'TRAVELS WITH 
MY AUNT CPOII:Ol 

CENTURY TWIN CINEMA 
14th ft EI Colon 'Ivd. .. ,. 

CENTURY 1 t1 .: .. 7:00 
'TAMARIND .EED· 7 .1:10 CPOI 
CENTURY 2 ., ...... :,1 

CHAPUN FILM FE.nVAL 
'MONIIEUR VERDOUX' 

'THE OOLDRU.H· (01 
COVE 

Le JoIlo .h_7. 1 p.m. 
Ooor ...... I-Ellot Gould 
'CAUFORNIA IPUT (RI 

JIINE~RTI 
"" o.rnet. P.I. 

274-4000 
'TEENAOE COWOIRLS' (XI 

GUILD 
a%7lth.'.D. 

-''2Il00 
'THE LOVE .U.· (XI 

7 ... 1:CM-1O:12 

. KENCINEMA 
"AdII_~ 

'HAROLD .nd MAUDE' 
'THE PRODUCER.' (RI 
'PLAY IT AGAIN lAM' 

LA' PALOMA 
O11et't. Enolnltaa __ _ 

Surf Film by leott Dlatrttoh 
'FLUID DRIVE' (01 

IOLAIItA 
111Aooo1e 

IoIana ...... ....". 
'DEATH WI8H' "" 7 .• ~ 

ITIIAIItD 
Oooan ......... ' 

Chertaa ...... 
'DlATH WIIH' 

AI ........ _.·.IIPICO' (R' 
u ....... 

,..U ........ 
L..J ... ..., 
".........,~ .• 

'THE COIIIYIMA11ON' 7. " __ .... 
......... ...... 

'DOWT LOOK 1ItOW'1 ...... 
J_WMIIa(. 

'PILM~ 
......, ....... 

IIOCTUMAL ..... 


