
Decriminalization Drive Unable to Gather Support 
by Chris Rauber 

The staff of a tiny storefront office in Ocean Beach is 
working hard to get the Marijuana Decriminalization 
Initiative on the November ballot, but time, apathy, and 
the odds are working against them . 

In the fifteen weeks since the current statewide 
initiative campaign began on October 2 only 130/000 of 
the necessary 325/000 signatures have been obtained-
and experience has shown that up to 500/000 are needed 
to obtain 325/000 valid signatures. In San Diego only 
15/450 signatures have been gathered so far, although 
San Diego volunteers had hoped to more than double 
the 1972 total of 24/000. Only six weeks remain to gather 
the remaining signatures before the February 20 
oeadline . 

Ironically, although the campaign to get the initiative 
on the ballot is floundering , volunteers sense that the 
time is ripe for passage of the measure, which would 
remove legal penalties for the private use, possession, or 
cultivation of marijuana by an adult. Lee Osmon of 
M.D.I . put it this way, " If it gets on the ballot, it's a sure 
winner ." 

Proponents of decriminal ization argue that although 
Proposition 19 garnered only 33% of the vote in 1972/ a 
gai n of just 18 % of the electorate thi s year would bri ng 
about passage of the more moderate decriminalization 
in itiative They say the mood of the country is changing, 
as evidenced by Oregon/ decriminali zation of the 
private use of small amount of marijuana, and the 
endorsement of decriminali zation by the American Bar 
As ociation , the National Council of Churches. the 

Aml'rlcan MI'C1i Cil I A,~o( latlon, tilt' .It 10lMI I du( ,It ItHl 
A~"oclatlOn , and Pre<,ldent 'I orr.... "tIOIl,1I (0111-
ml'iSlon on MariJuana and Drug Ahu<;(' lurtll('nno~l' 
th y Iwlleve that taxpayers will bf'Coml' rp)wIlIOl" "t tlw 
thought of the estimated one hundrt'C1 million doli,lr, It 
costs to enforce th (urrent mariJuana I,IW' III 

alt fornia 
However, th i ni t iative can 't pass, no matter wll,lI tht' 

el ctorate's mood, If It doe n't qual Ify for the ballot 
The central paradox remain -as opposition to th(· 
decriminalizat ion of mariJuana fades away <;0 dop<; th(· 
enthusiastic, often fervant support that once mtlrk('(1 
the movement T he young, advocate of mariJuana lh£' . 
se m to have seen the def at of Propo Itlon 19 not a' ,I 
moral victory (almost 3 million people voted for 11), hut 
as a fina l, crushing d feat 

Lee Osmon agr es that th apathy of support r I thp 
mal n reason for the startlingly poor shOWing of tht' 
petition drive 0 far As she list d th upcoming even'" 
and activities (an M D I benefit dance at I J 'Ii on 
January 17, anoth rat th utral Ground on January 
27, M .D light at the Ocean Beach Recr atlon (pnter 
on January 11, a waterb d raffle to ral money for an 
ad in the L.A.Tlme ) one couldn 't h Ip but wonder If <;he 
didn't f el bitt r , disappointed, and angry at the 
apathetiC young, who were, "n ded to h Ip spread th 
word" 

She urged students to get registered to vote, to sign a 
petition , and to take around a p tltlon and gather 
signatures She confidently predict d that 'th young 
peop le could ca rry thiS election" 

Decriminalization doubtful for '74 

UNIVER ITY OF CALIFOR lA, Friday AN DIEGO lanuan' II, I cr 
. . Vo lume 2 i , umber 2 

CAL-PIRG Discusses New 
Projects Approaches 

Las t wpek-e nd proved 
that the" AL" in CALPIRG 
stands for California. Public 
Interest Research Groups 
(PIRG's) f rom 1'3 colleges 
across the tate met on the 
5th and 6th of January to 
coordi nate their actions. 
UCSD sent 5 members of 
CALPIRG to the conference 
in California State College 
at Northridge in Los 
Angeles. 

Though geographically 
separated, all these groups 
shared a common goal of 
working for the public 
interest . 

UCSD was among the 
first universities in the state 
to organize a local PIRG. 
Two years ago over 50% of 
the students at UCSD 
igned a petition to set up a 

PI RG branch here. 
Later UCSD joined the 

University of San Diego, 
CSU San Diego, Grossmont 
College and Mesa College 
to form the Ca l ifornia 
Public Interest Research 
Group (CALP IRG) . 

Early proj ec t included a 
Dangerou Toy Survey to 
keep dangerou s toys off the 
shelves during the holidays. 
Another proj t tested the 
Fat Content of ground beef 
in the 9 major food chains. 
All but one were guilty of 
false advertising. 

Due to the professional 
nature of thi s particular 
survey / the Ci ty Attorney's 
office has agreed to 
prosecute offe nders the 
next time that Calpirg 
performs this survey . 

Probably the best 
publicized of CALPIRG /s 
projects has been its 5 Food 
Price Surveys. These have 
resulted in 3 major food 
chai ns drastically changing 
their methods of operation 
to lower food costs. 

The 2-day conference 
held in Northridge last 
week -end brought together 
PIRG /s from UCLA, Loyola, 
Loyola Law School , Cal 
Luthern Col lege, Cal State 
Northridge, Long Beach and 
San Bernadino. 

by Rick Drom 
M any topi cs w ere 

di sc ussed at the workshops 
ard ideas for useful proj ect s 
were shared by all. It was 
m ent ioned t hat som e 
projec ts, for example a 
study of the California State 
Legislatur , could best be 
undertaken as a group 
effort by all the PIRG /s in 
the state. 

As a resu It of the con-
feren ce each local PI RG 
will begin coordinating its 
actions, proj ects and in-
formation much more 
c losely with the other 
groups . In this way each 
PIRG will be able to build 
upon the experience of 
others and be even more 
effective in its efforts. 

Here at ,UCSD the local 
CALP IR G Board of 
Directors met to plan 
campus project . These will 
include a semi nar on im-
peachment on Jan . 23rd, a 
teach-in on the Univer ity 
Town Center on Jan . 30th 

cant. on p . 7 

Co-op Adjusts Schedule 
Due to an unanticipated amount of 

popu larity the C<H>P Book Exchange has 
found it necessary to adjust their hours. 
It will set aside 3 hours a week 

ificaliy for bringing in new books, 
1Ir.!'rn,rnc etc . to be sold . No books can be 

ught at these times, During the rest of 
hours books may be bought, but no 

books can be brought in. 

Books and records may be brought in 
Mondays and Wednesdays from 9-10 

.M . or from 1-2 on Tuesdays, Books will 

only be accepted at these times . 
Books and records an be bought or 

just browsed at f rom 10-11 A.M . and from 
2-4 P,M . on Mondays , Tuesdays , 
Wednesdays and Thursdays. 

The Co-op appreciates the support that 
students, faculty and staff have already 
shown and regrets any problems that 
have occurred the first w('ek . They will 
continue their pledge to provide used 
books and records at low prices marked 
up only enou~h to pay wages for tht> 
student employees 

Commentary 

Reaction to, no pen Letter to 
Third College Students" 

by 'Regina Marquez 

The January 8, 1974 issue of the Tri ton 
Time carri ed an "Open Letter to Third 
College Students", written by two former 
Thir-d CoJ lege students, Mar ha Shelton 
and D .J Sca les . A t f ir t reading, th letter 
appeared to be a scathing atta k on the 
pol ic ie and capabi lities of the Third 
College program for its undergraduate ; 
h9wever upon c loser exam inat ion , the 
grievances that surfaced were emotional , 
cloaked in statem ents of fact. The fact 
must be extracted and analyzed to 
separate the emotional from the fac tudl, 
in order to make an objective evaluation 
of their criticisms. 

When Third College tudent were 
asked for opinions regarding the letter, 
the majority were in favor of the e ist ing 

. Third allege program for ience 
majors. ophmore Biol ogy M ajor .. 
" .. . Fe lt th e letter wa gros Iy 
mistaken .. ( i ence) cours h re are 
excel I nt ... (R :Math 4 sequ nce) I was 
really prepared w ith my math . The 
(Sh Iton, cale) didn 't ta here long 
enou gh to find out what wa goi ng 
on ... (no t e : b o t h studpn t <;1'lP nt ' a 
maximum of two quart r here at Thi rd 
College) .. a transferring Muir or Re elle 
rre hman would've gotten the amp 
run around at anoth r In t itution I don't 
doubt the quality o f Th ird ' 

Tho e tudent expres ing negative 
feel ings about Thi rd Colleg fo u ed 
their di atisfaction on a parti ular cia , 
u h as the Math 4 equence , laiming 

" I'm not learning anything you could 
apply later on." 

A Math 4A in tructor f' pr(> ~ed hl~ 
feeling , "One of the main compl"nt of 
tht' letter that Thl rd (ollp~W did not 
prepar(' them for it 1)(>(111 graduate 
school cllrricll lum 01 lour e, one ot th(' 
goals of Third (0111'1.,'1.' " to have minority 

~Clt'ntl't' , dOl 1111 '/ 1.1\\\l' f' , l'tl hut 
many ot Ihe tudt!nb IIdVP hil (' kf.trollnd~ 

and intere t Third College ha to be 
flexible enough to handle the e thlllg 
(different background and In-
terests) Re, Math The fole of advi Ing 
In mathematiC I~ exc ptlonall Im-
portant . a tudent hould take the ba'ilc 
cour e mo t approprlat 10 hi arp r 
and background . For many ~tud nt 
M ath 4A, B, C would b the appropriate 
cour e .. Apparently those tudent felt 
that the e cour e were not appropnate 
for them, but that doe n t mean that th I 
math cour e doe n t b long In a 
Un iversity curr iculum .. 

ophomore Math major " I went from 
4 Into 2A, w hat I got from the sequence 
wa a [at of help " 

Another o ne of th problem VOiced In 
the letter was a lack of un Its that a tuall 
tra n fer red a General Education 
requ irement at Berkley s thiS section 
IS written In d pdft lcularly emotional 
tone, It i ea y al fir trading to a ~ump 
t hat (I II the GE r Ulrements h re are not 
a ceptable at B rkley Berkle DID 
accept .ill I work compl ted at Third 
College II U It for IVorlo. dOl1(> at 
Th ird Col lege were a cepted but not 
n ce sa r liy for th same ,[ 
requiremen t ctl.ally thiS IS nol an 
uncommon problpm (lm ng tramf rnng 
.. tudents Th iS wr it r en ounterro thf' 
ame prob lem at transferring unr ts to 

U 0 peci flca l ly th Third Colle Ip 
.ilmpu , wh n (omlng from a orthern 
.a liforn ia S, l luvl TI ll ,: . 11 vi 

Ignorance b hf' lton and ales, a~ to 
what cour,es \ ould and would not Of' 
a ( Ppted b Bl'rkelp cannot bf' ,ust Ifl('(1, 
a It was lea rnro from tht> 1 hlrd (011('1-:<-

o llnsellng Offl ((', that on(' of thf> 
<;tudent Wd ' III fa t notiflt,<J b Bf'I'lwlt 'Y 
In the mad a~ to whl ( h (ourw W()lJ kl 
<; atl~f y r. r r! '<lu lremt'nts. and wh f( h 
\\ ()l lId nvt 

( onIOn p 7 



Let Them Eat Cake Dept. 
(from the UCSB Daily Nexus) While UCSB dormitory 

residents shivered and huddled together to ward off 
near freezing temperatures, the home of Chancellor 
Vernon I. Cheadle remained at a cozy, comfortable 
temperature level. Fortunately for the campus Chief 
Executive, the flow of gas into his University supplied 
home behind Dc La , Guerra Commons remained 
unabated throughout the crisis in the dorms. 

Although the house remained toasty warm all last 
week, the Chancellor was out of town and was not able 
to enjoy it. 

Wanted: Car Pools 
Please note the new classified section in today's issue 

of the Triton Times: car pools . That's right, if you're sick 
and tired of driving to school alone, and want to save 
some bread and gas, then place an ad for a car pool in 
the n . 

The following information should be in your ad . 
Location, times, and where you may be reached. And of 
course, like all other classified ads, please limit your ad 
to three 30 space lines, and place your student ID 
number at the bottom . 

Holocaust Witness 
On Monday evening, Jan . 14 at 7:30 P.M ., Mrs. 

Gorda Klein will speak in the International Center 
Mathews Campus, UCSD. Mrs. Klein is a survivor of th~ 
Holocaust, in which Six Million Jews were exterminated 
by the Germans while the World watched . Today the 
world is afraid to remember, as it was afraid to speak out 
during the Holocaust. 

As an author, playwrite, writerfor the N.Y. Times and 
speaker, Mrs. Klei~ serves as a witness for the Jews who 
died in the Holocaust. She must be heard by all. 

Heschel Remembered 
This Friday evening at 8 pm., at the Community 

Synagogue of San Diego, Congregation Beth Tefilah. 
Beth Tefilah is located at 4967 69th Street in San 

Diego (north of EI Cajon Blvd.) 
Rabbi Samuel Penner will speak on a twentieth 

century giant in search of God and Man : An in-
troduction into the life and works of Abraham Joshua 
Heschel . 

Professor Heschel was one of the most exquisitely 
evolved Jewish souls in the 20th century. He was a 
supremely eloquent voice of Judaism in our times- a 
voice that communicated the best Jewish philosophy 
poetry, theology mysticism, ethics, and socia l activis~ 
to the modern world . 

This Friday night, marks the first Yahrzeit (anniversary 
of his death) and a communal Sabbath of remembrance 
will be held in his memory. 

Israeli folk dancing under the leadership of Len 
Rosenthal anc Sandy Gerson will be held during the 
Oneg Shabbat r~leption following the Service. 
Beth Tefilah is located at 4967 69th Street in San Diego 
(north of EI Cajon 81' d.) 

January Jive 
The Triton Wargaming Society is holding its first 

annual January' Jive this Saturday from noon to midnight 
in Tioga Hall 1102, Muir. 

The Societ~ will have a day full of wargaming with the 
highl ight of t 1e day being a game recreating the Ger-
man invasion of Romania in 1916. 

The game b a multi-player game to be published and 
this is a rare opportunity to lest this dynamic new 
system which is close to the perfect historical 
simulation system. 

The game was designed by a member of the 
Wargaming Society, Fred L wis, whose most recent 
exploit was as a war correspondent in the recent middle 
eastern conflagration 

New memb rs are ncouraged to attend the January 
Jive which marks the first time th SOCI ty has at-
tempted to brav th cold winter with a marathon 
event . 

Bureaucracy at its best 

Conference 
Scheduled 

F or the past six weeks students a nd staff have been 
planning a two day conference to aid U.C.S.D.students 
in developing their skills in programming and coping 
with University bureaucracy. Thi conference is open to 
all students at U.C.S.D. It is ur~:ed that you share this 
information with fellow students so that they too may 
take part. 

The conference will be located at the International 
Center. It will occur on January 12 and 13. The program 
will run from 9 :00 to 9:00 on January 12 and from 9 :00 
to 3:00 on the thirteenth . It is requested that those who 
attend commit themselves for the ENTIRE program. 
Since each workshop builds on those that preceded it, 
piecemeal attendance will decrease your eHectiveness 
in using the information presented . For your con-
venience meals (lunch on Saturday and Sunday, dinner 
on Saturday) will be provided free of charge. 

During th~ two day period some eight workshops 
will be conducted . Subjects to be dealt with are : (1) 
Bureaucracy - How it functions and how it can be made 
to operate for students, (2) Funding - Intramural 

. sources, extramural sources and proposal writing, (3) 
Program development - Taking your ideas and turning 

continued on page 7 

PAGE ONE Opens 
On Monday, January 7th, 

PAGE ONE officially 
opened its doors in full 
operation. PAGE ONE or its 
longer title, PEER AD-
VISING GROUP EX-
PERI ENCE, is a voluntary 
student staffed center 
wh ic h was created to 
provide a student run 
resource center to help 
build a sense of community 
within the John Muir 
College. 

PAGE ONE is located 
adjacent to the television 
room and the Student 
Educational Change and 
Development Center in the 
lower Muir Commons. Its 
hours are 12-3 p.m . Monday 

through ~~;day, and 7-9 
p.m. Monday through 
Thursday. 

A number of activities 
have been planned for 
Winter quarter with weekly 
rap sessions being the 
primary on-going activity. 
The rap sessions are an 
attempt to get small but 
diverse groups of students 
together to talk about 
current issues. Hopefully 
these rap groups wi II help 
members in the Muir 
College community to 
interact in ways that are 
atypical. During the Fall 
quarter the Muir College 

continued on page 7 

MIU Returns 
Maharishi International 

University (MIU) will return 
this Friday evening to Muir 
Campus cafeteria with a 
presentation including 
guest speakers, color video 
tapes and exhibits . 

Students now enrolled at 
MIU are finding that it 
fulfills all their individual 
and academic aspirations 
and more. Included in the 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 

eight o'clock presentation 
this Friday will be reactions 
and comments of MIU 
students and faculty on this 
fascinating new system. 

So if you want to find out 
how education can be what 
you always hoped it could 
be, come Friday night with 
a sharp ear, a ready mind, 
and lots of questions. 

$5 

Low 
Blows 
andllL. 

" •• eap 
by Edward Simons Shots 
In between trips to the store and trying to score gas 

on Sundays, I had occasion to make abortive attempts 
of relaxation. Relaxation, after Revelle, could be 
anything from reading War and Peace to digging dit-
ches . (In fact, I did read War and Peace. It was all I 
could do to keep from Writing a four page paper on the 
symbolism of death.) 

Doubtlessly, your situation was better than mine. 
Around my house there wasn't a lot to do. I thought I'd 
call all my friends and see what was happening, but he 
wasn't home. I tried to kill my boredom by sending 
Christmas cards but that got old fast . I wrote them 
lefthanded, in the lotus position, in the shower-endless 
variations . 

Nothin' . Boredom city. 
So, in between fits of lethargy, I watched television. 
Television is strange. Don't let anyone fool you. The 

conflict on television is between the programs and the 
commercials. Any stories told between commercials are 
just subplots. For, while programs are tailored for 
commercials, it is never the other way around . Programs 
are cut when the audience's attention is at the 
maximum. Just when the good guys are about to escape 
and the bad guys catch 'em is usually when you can 
expect a commercial. Ad mer1 figure that your 
heightened attention will help the commercial stick . 
And that's where the real conflict is-trying to keep track 
~f the program through the commercials . 

Most commercials run the gamut from excruciating to 
insulting. A few, such as the Alka-Seltzer series, straddle 
the threshold of pain and are bearable . But some .. . 

Take Par kay Margarine. Even the name smacks of 
stupidity. Parkay. What kind of a name i~ that? The 
selling point of this stuff is that it tastes like butter. The 
person opens the tub of margarine and the margarine 
says "butter" in a munchkinlike voice. The person 
begins to argue with the margarine . Now, isn't that 
hilarious? Here I am watching "Civilisation" and this 
mental cripple interrupts to argue with a tub of 
margarine. What's wrong with America indeed? 

Another commercial that screams to heaven for 
vengeance is for Lee's Bars 'n' Stools. It is my humble 
opinion that a person could learn all there is to know 
about bars and stools inside of five hours. Wher1 Lee 
starts pluggi ng his salesmen, he tells us they aren't 
salesmen bu t "experts on eating and drinking furniture ." 
I don't doubt it in the least. In fact, I think anyone who 
can count to four and knows the difference between 
sitting down and falling on the floor can be an expert. 
Lee says "experts" like they spend six years at 
Heidelberg before he will hire them . 

Then there are the commercials with the all important 
telephone number. The breathless announcer exhorting 
the viewer to "call three five eight, oh seven two five or 
three five eight, oh seven two five collect. That's three 
five eight ... " etc. That technique has all the subtlety of a 
branding iron. It not only insults your intelligence, but 
continued on page 7 

Send for your up·lo-dale, lSO-p,ge. 
mail order utalog. Enclose $1.00 
10 cover postage (delivery lime is 
I to 2 days). 
RESEARCH ASSISTANCE, INC. 
11941 WilSHIRE BtVD., SUITE 1t2 Bribery? 

LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 90025 
(213) 477·8474 or 477·5493 

Our rUlire" INterlal I. lold fetr 
restlrch .nlstlne. only. 

ROLLING STONE MUSIC 
AWARDS 73 

B •• t Rock Aim of the V .. r 

JIMMY CUFF. 
The ...., They Corne 

Not • rock concen film, but • 
,ev .. llng ItUcly of the Jamaican 
people .... the monopoly of a 
cornll" loclatv . Now l!towlng 
at 7:00 & 1:00 

perhapS, but \Ne'd like you to try the READS 
Speed Reading and Comprehension course, offered 
especially for UCSD students. Sign up by Jan. 18 at the 

University Bookstore, and get a 

$5 gift certificate 
to the University Bookstore - good for anything. 

it works! 

$5 $5 

A Progressive 
Program 

A collection 01 platitudes that 
aren't platitudinous enough 

by Mark McCarty Editorial Director 
I believe that the fo.llowtrg points can serve as the 

core of a responsible prognessive activism . 
- A Negative Income Tax t~at guarantees a minimum 

level of support to the un~ployed, supplements the 
income of the working poor, and insures that work will 
be more profitable than unemployment. Support levels 
should be sufficient to insure sanitary housing and 
adequate nutrition. 

- A progressive-tax supported National Health In-
surance plan that insures comprehensive health care to 
everyone on the basis of need rather than ability to pay . 
Most health insurance available today has dangerous 
loopholes, and people with real health problems have 
trouble obtaining insurance at any price. 

- Conversion of our government from a Plutocracy to 
a Democracy by limiting campaign donations and 
spending, registering lobbyists, and making decision-
making processes as open as possible. Strict en-
forcement of present campaign contribution laws. 

- Passage and enforcement of environmental 
protection standards. More rapid transit to make 
transportation more efficient and eliminate mobil 
blight . A recognition of Zero Population Growth as a 
sine qua non for the achievement of environmental 
goa ls, and thus increased funding for family planning 
ce nters . 

Recycling of all non-renewable resources . 
Manufacturers must be made responsible for 
disassembling their used products and returning the 
crap to usable form . Unless such a system is strictly 

enforced, the entire structure of our tech!1ological 
civilization (including its good I aspects , such as 
sophisticated health care, food processing, sa nitation, 
heated homes, rapid communication) will collapse in 
agony within a couple of centuries as natural sources of 
vital minerals are exhausted We must broaden our 
vision and concern; otherwise we will lose forever the 
unique chance to establish a stab le, humane, 
technologically advanced world society that can !ast 
indefinitely. 

- Whatever other measures are needed to insure that 
business serves the public interest. If business abuses 
the publi trust, while championed by slick-ta lking 
politicians whose appeal is based on paranoias and 
stupid insular prides rather than broad humane hopes, 
then it is only due to our own lack of vigilance and 
imagination. 

- Diminution of Cold War paranoias, and an end to 
balance-of-power gamesmanship that has been ren-
dered obsolete by the bomb. Increased East-We t trade 
and cultural ties. Conversion of the "Now" Army 'to an 
effective international Peace Corps . 

- A commitment toward furthering the humane 
economic advancement of Third World nations, while 
respecting the right of each nation to self-determination 
in its choice of social order. Sincere opponents of 
" totalitarianism" should recognize that strict 
regimentation may be the best way for underdeveloped 
nations to quickly achieve the Industrial Revolution 
that Western nations struggled through for over a 
century; and that once basic prosperity is achieved, the 
young people of these nations will demand, struggle for, 
and ultimately win a greater degree of variety and 
autonomy in their culture. American economic aid 
should be routed through the United Nations to avoid 
bribery. Current policy is based almost entirely on 
protecting the interests" of multi-national corporations, 
often by propping up shallow, corrupt, dictatorial 
regimes. The U.S. has served as a conscious accessory to 
the murder of Chilean democracy. Why? Simply 
because the Chilean government expropriated an in-
dustry that for decades had been deriving exorbitant 
profits from Chilean land and labor. Allende's devotion 
to the needs of Chile's many poor counted as nothing to 
White House criminals. 

- A strict ban on handguns . We must repudiate the 
typically American belief that everyone has a right to 
the means for murder. 

- Aid all workers to gain real representation from a 
union of their choice. While this will not insure as great 
an equality and justice in the distribution of income as 
would be deSirable, it would at least prevent many gross 
abuses and be a good and necessary step. As soon as 
unions are no longer dominated by those whose con-
sc iousness w::; shaped by the Depression, they may 
wish to press for more humane and flexible working 
conditions, a variety of different work schedules, a 
shortened work week, and more say by workers in 
executive decisions. 

- Adequate and steady funding for scientific research; 
an end to the trend of short-sightedly slighting basic 

Im pea ehlD eat 
Bera .. e • ~o"e "II C".'r". 
WIth ' ... In ..... whit. • 111_ .u~ker. ... _, 1It1, 
1101.11 ....... ItIcker. ... _. "'.1. 1101 .. Feet ......" 

C~ !-....... lno., -.rotM. 1'0 110. "12Id, 
AtIII_, ca. ... LOCAt IfHfr WAlllTED 

'n'D .. NIC ••• WI DIDN'T HAVE TO sn UP AND alG 'OIl nl' 

research. Massive funding to universities and private 
industry for research and development of technologies 
that can meet the impending energy crisis, with the 
understanding that the only truly satisfactory 
technologies will be those that can meet the energy 
needs of all nations, not just a chosen few. 

- Repudiation of the Puritan obsession with Work and 

Production as an end in itself, so that a new respect can 
be gained for the intelligent, enjoyable use of leisure, 
for voluntary, spontaneous creativity, and for the tough 
honest labor that really benefits society. The purpose of 
work should be to avoid work . 

- Equal rights and responsibilities for women. The 
factors which have created inequality in the past have 
been the importance of physical strength in many 
necessary occupations, the necessity of division of labor 
within a self-sufficient family unit, and the usual 
connection of sex with childbirth. These factors are 
becoming less important, and it is inevitable that 
women demand and receive full equality. Political 
action should include the passage of the Equal Ri ghts 
Amendment and more support for day ca re centers . 
True equality of the sexes will result i n a more humane, 
freer sexual ethic and a deepening of the value of 
friendship and love. 

- An end to the legal persecution of private habits and 
life styles that don't harm other people, but are found 

VI 
w 

~ 
...J 
co 

VI 
w 

~ 
...J 
co 

BLUES BLUES 
IN CONCERT: 

LOWEL 
FULSOM 

JANUARY 111 
8:30PM 

REVElLE CAFETERIA 

GENERAL ADMISSION S1_OO 
UCSD STUDENTS S.50 

BOX OffiCE: UREY HALL LOBBV. TUES-FRI 12-1:00 PM 

c:c 
r-
C 
,." 

V' 

c:c 
r-
C 
,." 

VI 

c:c 
r-
C 
,." 

VI 

offensive by mediocrities who are terribly proud of their 
own ability to be mediocre. A repudiation of Irrational 
taboos that lead to pointless painful anxieties 

- A de-emphasis of public education as Big BabYSitter 
and agent of artifiCial selection for bUSiness and 
professional schools, and more emphasis on voluntary, 
life-long education for Life . Technical training must , of 
course, remain rigorous, but should make more 
prOVISion for Individual differences and b Oriented 
toward development of mature habits of seif-educa tlo n. 
more u e should be made of Independent study and 
apprenticeship. Cumulative exams on the European 
model would be a better measure of learning than are 
continued on page 7 

triton times 
""The 1ft.,. I kftO¥!! of ~ ,he 
_. I ...- ""t ___ . W", 

...... 

Edilor In Chieof NfWJ Oft).f1ment Arb [)P~rtmM:t 
Dd'vld Sue hbmdef Ruf' Hlnln,.. 
(~. [cMI", loan Ga Mood (hdriP," H\'d~ 

Crt'M HICks Cd Smom Don \.'\c1L.Pf 
Mlinli.in, Edil()l" Chns Rau Ix'f P.- 0(1\1\ 

Michael arne ehdlllE' H,>tmlt"f Crt"w l ndrd 
Copy Edi10r 10/1" T ... 10. MInd., ,,"Ott 

l am~C Solo Halh Hit I("mlln 
Buline:u MaNier Rool'fU Rf'hn Art"t~ 

Rue Hinton RKt..nl Pool <. o rltv (dU\ 
Iditori.1 o;~()I' "'~Ii.. (' Thomlll't 

Marl Mc(.uty BuNtas D~r1m~t Arts Editor SPOOfU ~rt~n1 l any Ded.f'1 Robert 8t~vnnf'ln 
' -tMIc ll\la S_. [di'o. Donna 'amdmoto 11411('\1 &>nolu('(-. [ flC Ralslers Rue H.,ton L..wrv 8.1ktvvln Scitnc:e (dilOf' 

60bNau .... d .. If: In\()n 
Pholo ... ph, Ed;,,,, 'tOduction i:Wby ""ruegt"f SK~gn.1 AUI •• n'l MAlcolm Smllh Bob kra mer Cam tf l~ (aea., s.c", .. ", ~.thv C • Cor,.nfO Cacu Mak:on, Smith 
AlIOCii fit City (d',on Pdt'. e dlls 

- ... ph, RlclOrom OChOtd Hunt 
Hannah Coh~n (_ ...... 

AItt . lUIiMu M.inJiter Mane Puente Soo n Tho"", 
Ramon Ruu Debbie Pefluss MoeN", G, ........ 

Course on Man's 
Future Offered 

The Contemporary Issues produ ced present day 
Program at Muir College is human beings . The 
sponsoring a new course for remainder of the time will 
Winter Quarter, titled , "The involve tudy of what can 
Future of Man " The cour e be predicted about the 
will be coordinated by Dr. future , and what changes 
Lola Ross, with primary are pos ibl in humal 
lecture material provided genetic and human social 
byDr. JamesF. Danielliand ystems For this purpose 
Ms. Mary Daniell l, who are ' students choose their own 
Visiting Fellows at the Salk topic for tud 10 depth 
Institute for the Winter The e studle are pre ented 
Quarter. Dr . Dani"'li is an a written reports Thl. 
internationally respected reports may be those of 
leader in the field of Inclvidudl , or result from a 
Theoretical Biology and hfe collaboration between two 
syntheSis, and M Danielli or ore tud nt 
has a broad background F:>r more I nformat ,on, 
involving poetry, painting, on act the Conten1porary 
and studies in various I ws Offi (e t. 1949) or 
culture of the use of De.~ lim Be k.lev ~ MUIr 
geomantic structures (1911) whowdl bea ~I ttng 
(mandala) In thl ourse 

The syllabus involve 
initially some emphasi on 
the g netl volutlonar 
and ~ocral volutlonary 
proces e which have 

chedule 
D ont£'mporary 1~~Uf'i 

191, " 1 he I uture of M n", 4 
Unlh, Cour~ Code 1180, 
1(' . Thllr~day , 600 p m 
- 8 .50 n m , T 10000a Hall 1102 

Page 3 Tril n Time, January 11, 1974 



UCSD BAHA'I CLUB 
presents _ 

DA VID VILLASENOR 
NA TlONAll y ACClAIMED 

INDIAN SANDPAINTER 
FRIDAY JANUARY 11 8:00 PM 
HUMANITIES LIBRARY 
AUDITORIUM 
REVEllE COlLEGE 
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC - FREE 
ADMISSION 

PLAYMOR LA JOLLA 
IS RIGHT! 

SUCCESSI Mor. than "',781),000 In ...... Ince J.nuery 19731 
aett .. rthan 1 .. Ie .. very 3 dey •. Flnel unit now und .. r con.tructlon 
& ..... dV 47% .old out 

LOCATIONI E •• V walk or bike rid. to UC San 0 1.110, Scrlpp. 
M.mort.1 HOIpltel, n.wV .. t .... n. HOIpltll & La Jola Village 
Cent.,1 

DESIGNS I Every 2 or3 B.R. townho .... home on a cornerl Many 
witt. w .. terly vl .. w. of UC campUi & beyondl 

PACKAGEI Price Includ •• hall carpeting, Hotpo!nt .elf clMnlnll 
oven. c.r.mlc tile kitchen count .. ,., f.nced patio .r ... & much, 
much mor.1 

• Great New Terms 
From 8%-1) Years 

From 

$26,950 
DIRECTIONS: from Hwy 5 drive ee,t of La Jolla VIII." .. Dr. to 
Ge_e. At Gen., .. tu'm north lI .. ftl to ... t g.1II m.II.Mlram.r 
Rd. Now right 1 block to Ee.t.rn In. Then left to model, & .. I. 
c.".,. 

453-9391 
M ... R •• lty·Dlrector of Sal., 
Eq Ull Hou,lng Opportunity 

t!e:!'~Ly~t 
RANK AS ONE OF THE 

BEST PICTURES OF THE 
AMERICAN YEAR. Tho load 
pedormano .. of Tim.oth" Bottom., 

LiDdeay W-.uor aDd .JohD HO_1Il&Il 
are wholly admizoable. Tho eol'eenplay 

and dlreoUOD 01 .J .... Briq .. 
are eo .004 and "-ht that _ muft 

DOW bail tho orrloia1 _~n08 
01 _ ezoltln. now talent.-

- N.Y. Pool 
"OK GANG, HERE'S A 

MOVIE TO SEE... . 
ono of tho • __ oDjoyable aDd _u.~ 

that J baYe _D In a 10. tilDo. ID 
_0r:Y way "Tho Paper cna-' ...... up.-

-GENE SHAlIT. HBC·TV lodoy S_ 

EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT! 
3rd SMASH WEEK 
call theater for showtlm 

Page 4 Triton Times , January 11, 1974 

(Film· R .... Hint""l 

"The Harder They Come" 
"The Harder They Come" is the first fe'ature-Iength 

film ever produced in Jamaica by Jamaicans. Perh~ps Art-
~ that information s~ouldn't be given because the film 

can easily stand on its own merits, and knowing it tobe 
Jamaica's first. the thnught keeps coming; " For a first 
movie this is outstanding." The fact is, for any movie 
this is 'outstanding. The only negative thing I can think 
of to say about it is that the very brief love scenes 
reminded me of a slick Hollywood job - and that ain't 
bad. 

"The Harder They Com!!!' seems not to have been 
heard of much as yet, although it took Rolling Stone's 
award as best rock movie of the year. But it's guaranteed 
to be heard of a lot more. The casting and acting are top 
quality - the characterizations are clear and completely 
believable ; so believable that it seemed more a 
documentary than fiction . 

Jimmy Cliff played the leading role and also wrote the 
whole thing and much of the music, and in his spare 
time directed it. But it was by no means a one-man s ho~ . Maybe no one has ever told Jamaicans that it's 
hard to act, because no one in "The Harder They Come" 
seemed to have any problem at all. From the leads on 
down through the most minor walk-ons, everyone who 
appeared on the creen was natural, honest, and in 
complete control. 

The music is somewhat reminiscent of ea rly American 
Rock n' Roll , it follows and carries the theme of the film 

' very well. 
Some people may be offended by the violence in the 

movie, although it never was pointless violence, or 
vio lence written into the script for shock value. The 
conflicts going on within the main character could only 
be resolved by violence. 

I'll be very surprised if "The Harder They Come" 
doesn't take off soon to become one of the most talked 
about "small" movies in a long time. It's a good movie, 
it's a startling movie 

Now playing at La Paloma Theater, Encinitas . 

Records: 
The Cuess Who - The Best of the Cuess Who, 
Volume II. RCA APl1-0269 

like most " Best of ... " albums, anybody really 
familiar with the groups material quickly realizes 
that the " Best of .. . " logo is simply a pseudonym 
for "Most commercial of .. . " and the cuts on these 
inevitable albums are always a recap of all the hit 
si ngl es the group has released. 

After the million selling success of The Best of 
the Cuess Who, Volume 1, RCA has followed up 
with Volume II which features the representative 
si ngles from the 6th through 10th Guess Who 
albums, as well as a splendid single cut Broken, 
and the inferior studio version of hit single Albert 
Flasher (inferior to the l ive rendition on live at the 
Paramount). 

The chief difference between volumes 1 and 2 
of these records is that Volume 1 was loaded with 
familiar titles ( Undun, These Eyes, No Time, 
American Woman, to name but a few,) and here 
most of the titles are unfamiliar. The reason for 
this seems to be the " lyric scare" that tore through 
AM top-40, when OJ's decided that rock artists 
were trying to subvert America with the lyrics to 
songs . Somehow Burton Cummings fell under 
suspicion when the Guess Who's latest single Life 
in the Bloodstream, a harmless 50's blues number 
about a boy falling down and skinning his knee, 
was considered to be about heroin and banned 
from general air-play . The follow-up single, a 
" save the ecology" tune Guns, Cuns, Cuns came 
out shortly after the Wallace shooting and was 
considered suspicious and denied airplay . 

The trend continued and The Guess Who left 
the AM Top 40 charts for quite some time, and 
either by coincidence or result, improved both 
musically and lyrically. 

The Best of the Cuess Who, Volume II, while 
hardly the best of this increasingly appealing 
group, does offer a sampling of the bands work 
between 1971 and 73, good instrumentation, 
Burton Cummings magnetic lead vocals, and 
some fine harmonies. A natural and satisfactory 
follow-up to Volume 1. 

Thijs Van leer· Introspection . Columbia KC3246 

One Niallt Stands 

January 12 - A program of award-winning 
children's films will be shown at 2 p.m. in the la 
Jolla Museum of Art's Sherwood Hall. The films, 
selected for their stories, and beautiful 
photography and animation, are Boiled Ea. 
Conlre-pied, Cintle of Cards, The Kind Hearted 
Ant, and The Siri. Bean. This program will be 
free to the public . 

January 12 - The Steve Miller Band will play the 
San Diego Sports Arena at 8 p.m . Tickets are $5.50 
in advance, and $6.00 on Saturday. 

January 14 - The film, High Sierra, drawing on the 
life and travels of John Muir (founder of the Sierra 
Club), will be shown at 8 p.m. at Montgomery 
Junior High School , 2470 Ulric Street, and will be 
free to the public. 

January 15 -- A program of American experimental 
films, Blazes, A Movie, The Very Eye of Night, 
Thanatopsis, Arabesque for Kenneth Anger, and 
Breilthdeath, will be presented at 8 p.m. in the La 
Jolla Museum of Art's Sherwood Hall. Included 
are films of dance produced with negative film 
stock or stop-action photography, and elaborated 
collaged and drawn animation films . The prices 
will be $1 .50 for members, $2 .00 for non-members 
and $1.75 for students. 

musical Notes 
voice as merely another instrument, using pure 
sound of ahs and la's and careful phrasing in place 
of lyriCS . 

The balance is so fine on this album that it's 
almost hard to tell when the different instruments 
make their appearances. The voice drifts in and 
out as does Van leer's flute, both adding beautiful 
expression to the melodys. Van leer is to be 
congratulated in making no egotistical soloist 
approach to hogging the pieces. His performance 
is the prinCipal one, bu* in no way does he stand 
in the spotlight waving his flute to prove himself 
the pied piper he indeed is. The result is a rich and 
simply beautiful album . 

Emerson, Lake & Palmer - Brain Salad Surgery. 
Manticore MS 66669 0598 

A new release by Emerson, Lake & Palmer seems 
to be the sort of thing everybody gets all fired-up 
about. Once you've got the shiny new pack,age (in 
a most cumbersome sort of re ord jacket, second 
in inconvenience only to Alice Cooper's new 
Muscle of Love LP) and have slipped it onto the 
turntable, you've got to be impressed by Keith 
Emerson's keyboard wizardry and sophisticated 
(for rock music) synthesizer work, Greg lake's 
vocals, and even Carl Palmers vastly improved 
percussion work . Yes, all the elements everyone 
looks for in this band are still there and working 
away, and yet after a dozen playings of this 
album, it still manages to leave me cold . 

The problem seems to be one of a lack of focus . 
It's an album full of exceptionally fine moments 
that never unify into satisfying pieces. It's like 
taking some great flour, terrific sugar, exciting 
chocolate, and exceptional yeast, and yes, YOl}> 
can appreciate them each on their own, but 
wouldn't it be nice to have the cake and eat it too? 

More than half the album for example is 
dedicated to a piece called Karn Evil 9, which is 
presented in three impressions. Despite the fact 
that it has some impressive piano playing (2nd 
impression) and other instrumental delights, the 
piece has nothing to tie the three impressions 
together. It's just one big wall of music. 

The album does have a few high points though . 
Particularly the simple ballad Still ... You Turn Me 
On, and an exciting adaption of the 4th 
movement of Gina teras 1~t piano concerto, 
Toccata. 

Somehow when I heard that Thijs Van leer, the 
high-powered flutist from "Focus" had made a' 
solo album, my mind somehow had visions of 
sophisticated rock-flutery of a vague nature. 
Much to my suprise, Introspection is anything but 
that. It is undoubtedly the most relaxing, mellow 
album I've heard all year. The selections on the 
album range from Bach . the Agnus Dei from Mass 
in B Minor, and the Erbarme Dich from "St. 
Matthew Pusion", to Gabriel Faure's Pavane, Op. 
50, as well as two of his own pieces Focus 1 and 
Focus 11 . 

But despite these strong moments, the majority 
of the album remains more of an exhilarating 
experience of technical proficiency than a 
sati sfying whole . It's all aroma and little substance 
... but ah, how good it does smell. 

The beauty of the album lies in the marvelous 
arrangements by Rogier Van Otterloo (composer 
of the album's two remaining pieces) with rich , 
warm orchestrations mploying a standard or-
chestra as well as occasional piano, acoustic 
guitar, Van leer's flute, and the most beautiful use 
of human voice (belonging to Letty De Jong) 
heard on record In a long time. The pieces employ 

Genesis - Selling Englilnd by the Pound. The 
Filmous Charisma ubel FC 6060 

Because of the vinyl shortage, we're seeing 
fewer and fewer new groups thiS year, and those 
who do emerge need to be examined with a 
certain amount of care, as they may dissappear as 
quickly as they came. "Genesis", a new band from 
England gained a certain amount of attention 
when they played in the States early in 1973 due 
to their peculiar stage act, which along with 

rama, "Nialll Watch", is per-
lltll::elPt Mondays in the Old Globe 

Student tickets are $2.00 
Jesaa"s.l •• ,.j;",~ . Thursdays, and Sundays. 

& His .lost Planet Airmen 
Sunday at Jrs, 4025 Pacific 

e is 6 p.m., tickets .are $4.00. 
is playing the Crystal 

Ocean Front Walk in Mission 
and 16-20. The play starts at 

are $2.00, reservations 

Fleet Space Theatre and Science 
Park is presenting a major 
from Poland through January 
U,arol~ram on the comet Kohoutek 

preceeding almost hourly 
The Sun and Standing Up 

Center and Science Theatre is 
ckets are $2 .00 for adults. 

Decline and Fall of the Whole 
-.rnl."rh the Eyes of Cole Porter, a 

songs of Cole Porter will be 
but Monday until January io at 
Theatre, 314 F. Street. Students 

nt with reservations and half 
rush . 

La rry Deckel 
had a lead singer who wore 

""'0" ..... ". like a gigantic flower around 

has just been released, and 
wHi",night expect from this type of 

it 's incredibly tight and 
. The group's strength focuses 

Gabriel, with a flexible and 
tackling the many roles imposed 
ic and episodic lyrics (as well as 
I flute and oboe) ; keyboardist 
an adept handling of the ever 
of keyboards, synthesizers, 

forth (as well as occasional 12-
Steve Hackett, employing a 

and fuzz boxes to give a 
to his guitar. The band is filled 

hael Rutherford, who also plays 
tric sitar, and drummer Phil 

that sty le of tight careful 
made popular by the work of 
improvisation, and yet it seems 

fn,·m,I. 'd than groups of that style tend 
IS an interesting collage of 
I ike one long piece (long is 

ove r 53 minutes long!) than a 
Ot1.UlJdl se lections . With just a bit 

more v,.;~~(1~namics , this cou ld easily have 
been gest new albums seen this 

emerges as one of the most 
seen in 73, and their first 

one indeed. 

Dr. Hooklpe 
Columbij 

- Belly Up. 

the album and the album cover 
the mood of Belly Up is that of 

singing bar with a couple of drinks at 
hand. t as expected, the raucous 
delivery which permeated the group's 
search to Cover of the Rolling Stone all 
last ... ·.I~",." this album far more 
tho than last year's Sloppy 

ncredibly expressive with all the 
..• _h" , ting which runs in, out, and 

and the use of multiple voices 
most of the lyrics enhances 

down the effectiveness of the 
T ........ ~ rrr; ... of songs by Shel Silverstein 

books, articles for Playboy, 
his Own album, Freakinl at the 
complemented by four songs 

in the band as well, giving a 
ial to the album than that 

Hook lP's . This balance and 
brawl of an album, with its 

characters Acapulco Goldie, 
Roland the Roadie and Gertrude 
my candidate for drinking song 

Jack )which Shel himself 
this the most satisfying Dr. 

New Date Set for 'Magnetic Garden' 
•• 

A U.S. premier performance of Alvin 
Curran 's Songs ilnd Views of the 
Magnetic Gilrden will be presented by 
Roberto laneri and Susan Gormlie of the 
UCSD Music Department, Tuesday, 
January 15, at 8:15 pm, in Recital Hall 
409 Matthews Campus . Milgnetic 
Cilrden I features various i nstruinents, 
voices, tape, and live electronics. 

music : " I have long been inter sted in 
bringing the melodies of man and those 
of nature into a harmonious and fluid 
polyphony - a synthesis which continues 
to guide my music." Magnetic Carden 
promises a relaxing yet intense musical 
experience. 

"TOTALLY DELIGHTFUL! 
There is much nudity and simulated sex 

Susan E. Gormlie is presently working 
towards an M .A. in Music at UCSD. A 
harpsichord student of Elizabeth 
Hamilton, she is the organist and musical 
director of the Mission San Diego de 
Alcala. She is also a founding member 
with laneri, of the vocal group Prima 
Materia. 

in this film but if your wife, or husbaqd has 
never seen 'an X-rated movie, 'Le Sex Shop' 

Alvin Curran, born in Rhode Island 35 
years ago, received his M .A. in ~usic 
from Yale University. After a year In the 
Artists in Residence Program in Berlin, he 
moved to Rome where he has been living 
since 1965 composing film and theatre 
scores, wo~king in his private electronic 
studio, and performing. He is one of ~he 
founding members of Musica Electrontca 
Viva one of the most influential and prov~cative new music groups during the 
past decade. His major works include 
"Music for All Occasions", published by 
the Experimental Music Catalogue in 
london . The Magnetic Carden, his most 
recent and extended composition (1 ,/, 
hours), was originally designed for a solo 
recital si tuation , and has only been 
performed in Rome by the composer 
himse lf. For the American Premier he 
realized a version especia lly for Susan 
Gormlie and Roberto Laneri , whom he 
joined last summer in the vocal im-
provisation group, Prima Materia . Mr . 
Curran expresses these feeli ngs about his 

is the one to take her, or him to. It is wholetome, 
refresh inc and deliciously funny .. tire," 
-Stewart Klein, WNEW·TV: NOW SHOWING 

, 'Le Sex Shop' is not for 
children, but it is for adults 
who can smile through a 
nude, but never dirty 
lampoon of pornographic 
movies. 'Le Sex Shop' has 
been made by Claude 
Berri with a twinkle in his 
eye his tongue in his cheek 

, 1 " and laughs all over the pace. 

Roberto laneri was a member of the 
Center of the Creative and Performing 
Arts in Buffalo as clarinetisH;omposer; 
also of SEM Ensemble, directed by Peter 
Kotik; and was comm issioned by the 
dance company "Company of Man" to 
write the music for the production '-
"Black Ivory" for the 50th Anniversary of 
the Albright-Knox Art Gallery . As a 
performer of new music he has given 
many solo recitals both in this country 
and abroad . 

-Gene ShaUt, WNBC·TV: _ .. _' ..... W OlW .. ' . .... 
'"",rll~ X ' NO 0 f U DE R 18 ADM ITT ED C I Pl U e.O·HIT - ROT H THEATrRS apr "FUNNY! FUNNY! .. -~~~ ~,,· 

The concert is free and open to the 
public. (We regret that the original date 
set for Magnetic Carden - November 20 -
- had to be changed due to the tape being 
lost in the mail en route from Rome to 
San Diego .) 

PARK ILVO AT UNIV(RSITY AYE· 291'()5J7 

\ 

Possession 

Studio II Theatre center around which all the 
laboratory of Denmark, a other elements of dramatic 
theater workshop formed .in action - voice, costumes, 
1969 in Holsteb'ro Denmark . lights, scenery - should 
is scheduled to perform at progressively develop and 
6:00 p.m. Tuesday, January take form. 
15, in the UCSD Theatre at 
lhe University of California, 
San Diego. 

The program is sponsored 
by the UCSD Campus 
Program Board and the 
Inter-campus Cu Itural 
Exchange Committee. 
Tickets are $3 .00 for general 
admission and $2.00 for 
UCSD students and are 
available at the UCSD Urey 
Hall box office. Box office ~urs are noon to 5:00 p.m., 
Tuesday through Friday. 
Telephone : 453-2000 , 
.extension 1391. 

Studio II was developed 
within the framework of the 
Inter-Scandinavian Theatre 
laboratory for the Art of the 
Actor in Holstebro. Its main 
activity is centered in three 
areas : research , per-
formance, and teaching. 
According to Yves 
Lebreton, director of Studio 
II, the research activity 
concerns the body, which IS 
considered the dynamic 

At UCSD, Studio II will 
perform " Possession," one 
of six pieces it ha s 
developed for audience 
display. The creation of 
" Possession" was based on 
improvisation and 
deliberately empirical 
methods . The creat ive 
process developed through 
close collaboration by 
actors who proposed the 
piece, the assistant who 
observed and cri ti cized, 
and the producer who 
stimulated, selected and 
structured the work. 

Studio II ha performed 
in cities throughout Europe 
Its director, lebreton, acts 
as a mime but, unlike most 
mimes, makes very little use 
of either face or hands. He 
uses his body as d focal 
point of the performance 
and seem to escape the 
limits of time, space, and 
weight, allowing 'it to be 
animated by oth r for es 

Friday Flicks 
Cabaret 

CHANGE IN SHOW TIME . 0 E 
SHOWING 0 lY- 9:00 
GYM 75c 

Saturday 
Weekend of Mckev One 

USB2722 7'30pm $1 .00 

Resort· 
Hotel Living 

for just 
$ 

A fantastic luxury-hIe rental package IS now offered for the fllst lime on a 
limited baSIS Live In a La lolla resort hotel right by Interstate 5-wnh liS 
heated pool . beautiful restaurant, cocktail lounge and full ser\ ICe la ",t,es 
Included: ' pacious room with balh' Color teleVISion 
• Comfortable furnishings, 2 double bed • Direct-dial 
phone' Weekly maid ilnd linen service' Da!ly 
continental breakfast· 15% luncheon and dinner 
discounts . 
2 persons S190 

Walking distance 10 UC 0 and the VA Hospital. 
lust moments from Salk In tit ute, crrpp Hospital, 
Sorrento Valley, cenlralla Jolia-In fact downtown 
iln Diego is only 10 freewilY'mlnute away! 

Hurryl A very HmUed number of rooms will be offered 
on thl. modified Amerlc:m ....... 
FOR FULL DETAILS PHONE 4Sl-SSGO 

Pag~ ~ Triron Times . .I anuary 11. 1974 



SPORTS 
Ruggers Blast SB 

Twice; Lose to UCI 
by John Staight 

Well, boys and girls, the 
UCSD rugby team opened 
their 1974 season last 
weekend against visiting 
teams from UC Santa 
Barbara and UC Irvine. 

The Tritons entertained 
the UCSB Gauchos on 
Saturday. The first game 
began just as the rain let up 
after preparing the field for 
play with a constant 
downpour for a day and a 
half. 

The UCSD first team 
started sluggishly, but 
quickly built up an attack 
which kept the Gauchos off 
balance and a defense that 
held them scoreless . The 
new improved Rugger 
Dugger led the scrum to 
dominate the out< lassed 
opposition . 

The Triton backs were 
slightly hampered by a lack 
of cohesion and team play, 
but their individual running 
abilities more than com-

pensated for this. The fine 
moves and good speed of 
the UCSD wing over-
whelmed the Gauchos. 

John Berteaux led the 
Tritons with two tries, while 
rookie rugger Ed Gonzales 
and Scott Boughton each 
scored a try. Bill Gates, in 
his own exc iting way, 
kicked two conversions and 
a penalty award. Final 
score; Good guys: 23, Bad 
guys : O. 

After the A team won the 
rout, the B's fought a close 
battle. 

The game was marked by 
tenacious and aggresive 
play by both teams, but 
neither side was able to 
score until mid-way into the 
second half Johnno Staight 
burst through the Gaucho 
line-out and delicately 
danced into the end zone 
for the on Iy score of the 
game. 

UCSB fought back 

continued on page 7 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

COLOR PROCESSING BV EASTMAN lOOAK 
SALES· RIP~IRS • TRADES 

DISCOUNT PIIClS 
~E.CIALISTS IN C foNON ,.1I0TO&RA I>Hle 5 YSTttM S 

ON6 OF TNA u._u u~crlON M __ 
EAUlflltEWT ANO SUPI'urs - '.ATUIUNe _ 

IWCRI>eIt.YII/e M-.s 

I 458-'955 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
nn H..V ~NE . \FrH .... klnglntt..Rftr\ LA.lOLL'" 

general adrrission 
$3.00 

UCSD students 
$2.00 

Box Office: 
UreyHaI 

Lobby 
Tuesday-Friday 

12:CX~6:00 p m 

Page 6 Triton Times, January II , 1974 

New Year's Resolutions 

Happy Christmas - Jingle 
Bells, Jingle Bells - Merry 
New Year, should old 
acquaintance be forgot -
etc. , All the staff here in the 
Untitled Department - Ferd, 
Chet Chebunski, Shanovich, 
myself and the myriad of 
others had a good time. 
Naturally, we hope you had 
a fantastic vacation also 
and in the words of parents 
everywhere "hope you're 
ready to settle down and 
work for once" . Ferd 
reminds me that grades 
came and wants me to 
mention that if you did bad, 
there's always next quarter 
and if you did well - way to 

1M News 

II UNTITLED I 
by Mark Liska 

go. This year, we hope will 
be a great one for all . Our 
fondest wish is that 
everyone makes the 
academic all-star team, 
namely the Dean's list (for 
whatever good that's 
worth). 

Here it is the New Year 
and you thought sure that 
the Sport's Department 
would start it off right by 
.cancelling the Untitled 
Column, right? Wrong! 
We're still here (as you must 
have guessed by now) and 
doing better than ever, of 
course just how good better 
than ever is may be 
debated. 

Every good sports column 
begins the year with a list of 
resolutions and the Untitled 
Staff decided that this 
column shouldn't be an 
exception . So here we go 
with a couple of new and 
old ideas. It shall be 
resolved that : 

l.B . Will get an article in 
on time for once. 

-Cordon Akers retire from 
reffing while "still in his 
prime". 

-Another alcoholic 
beverage shall not be drunk 
until a weight of 190 be 
reached. 

-The Intramural Staff do 
something better with their 

Basketball Leagues Form 
There is nothing to 

compare with Christmas at 
hOlJle. Seeing the folks, the 
ex-sweetheart , dragging 
Main. The primal thrill of 
the holidays has to be 
sitting down to the 
Christmas repast. No less an 
occasion is the New Year 's 
meal , although possibly 
consumed during a half-
time 

health, in order to relieve 
post-holiday build-up, the 
Intramural Sports 
Department is organizing 
basketball competition . 

There will be three 

divisions of play : Regular-
where anyone can sign up; 
Big league- for players 
5'10" and less, and Coed-

continued on page 7 

Volleyballers Open 
With UC Alumni 

The UCSD Triton Tom Smith along with 
setters Jeff Correll , also on 
that 1970 team and present 

time than play cards and 
devise new game pools . 

-The sports staff will get a 
more competent editor. 

-The editor will get a 
more competent sports 
staff. 

-UCSD initiate a football 
program to rival that of any 
high school in the city . 

-The cheerleaders show 
up for every game like they 
did last weekend . 

-The women's Rugby 
team be a great success and 
bring out a brand new breed 
of rugger hugger. 

-A new Title be acquired 
for the Untitled Column -
although that's seriously 
doubtful. 

-Most of all , that 
everyone has a great time 
playing in the game of life, 
be happy and have a good 
time doing the things that 
they want to do. 

Before signing off, the 
staff wants everyone to 
beware of coming events. 
Next Wednesday nite brings 
the surprise from across the 
sea, watch for it in next 
Tuesday's sports page. Also, 
a peek into next column, a 
contest that will tintillate 
and excite the imagination 
of all college geni uses on 
campus - tickle, t ickle. 
Would you b live a 6'0" 
tackle for the Rams? Don't 
forget the exciting UCSD 
Tritons in action Saturday 
in the fantasti c UCSD sports 
complex. 

For sure, the pastries and 
candies and assorted signs 
of holiday could have 
diluted the urge to chow 
down the big meal s, but 
there exis ts a few 
Americans (capital 'A') who 
would break with the 
primary spirit of the season 
that being 'CORGE' 0; 
'STUFF'. 

Volleyball Team will tangle 
with their alumni this 
Saturday morning at 10 a.m . 
in the main gy~. coach of the varsity squad, Oarsmen Set and ex-UCLA All -American • 

Ed Machado. Comprising the strong 
alumni squad will be spikers 
Tim Rose, Dick Reitherman, 
both from the 1970 national 
championship team, and 

This year's intercollegiate First Practice 
team shows much promise 

In the spirit of recon-
ciliation of body and 

and the coaches have high 
expectations . Unlike For Tomorrow 
previous years the mental 

Women Ruggers Meet 
Yes, it has finally happened . Tuesday evening at 7 

p.m. in Lower Blake Lounge, interested women will 
come together to begin a new sport at UCSD; Women's 
Intercollegiate Rugby. 

Recently, great feminine interest has been shown to 
participate in this age old game. Some rugby clubs, like 
the Triton club, have decided to aid these ladies in their 
efforts to learn and play the game. 

Tuesday, those women who are interested or even 
curious, are invited to meet with members of the men's 
team who will help coach the new team . 

attitude of the players is 
positive and, as anyone 
involved in sports can tell 
you, this is a basic 
ingredient for a winning 
season. 

Only minor setbacks 
have plagued the team, 
such as films scheduled 
randomly to interrupt their 
practices and matches. 

The proposed starting 
line-up for the Tritons 
includes setters larry and 
Steve Baldwin who will be 
supported by spikers Bruce 
Cazden, Mark Durrett, Tim 
Myrick and Randy "Boom" 
Nooteboom. 

Now that winter quarter 
is in full swing, the hardy 
members of the UCSD Crew 
will be at it again . This 
means that all you oarsmen, 
potential oarsmen, cox-
swains, potential coxswains 
and anyone remotely in-
terested in Crew should 
show up for the first 
practice of the New Year 
tomorrow at 7:00 am at the 
boathouse on Santa Clara 
Point. If you need a ride 
from campus be at the gym 
parking lot at 6:35 . 

Once again this year Bill 
Gebur, otherwise known as 
The Ceeb, will be coaching 

The participants will have a chance to travel to other 
schools to play similar novice teams in the sport, and be 
able' to experience the comeraderie unique to rugby . 

50 all you ex-powder-puffers come to lower Blake 
lounge Tuesday at 7 p.m. and be one of the first to play 
in this quickly growing sport. 

Come out and support 
the team. continued on page 7 

STUDIO II 
Theatre 

Laboratory of 
Denmark 

Tuesday, January 15 
UCSD Theatre 

8:00 pm 
l.e.E. 

Progressive Program 
continued fro.n page 3 

course grades or a degree. "Humanities" educatior 
should bE> voluntary and available to all regardless 01 
age or status . Media such as educational TV and free 
public lectures should be more fully exploited for this 
purpose. Public liberal education should aim at an 
increased appreciation of and participation in arts such 
as music, poetic expression, visual arts, drama, sports, 
humor, handicrafts, cooking, sex, and other such 
imaginative enrichments of leisure. It should combat 
provincialisms with a broad view of the range of human 
life styles, lead to an appreciation of innovations in 
science and technology, stimulate increased awareness 
of political realities and possibilities, and be an 
aesthetic experience in its own right. 

- Funding for many necessary programs can be ob-
tained by closing loopholes for the wealthy, increased 
taxes on capital gains, cutting back on military en-
terprise, and increased income taxes. The level of 
private consumption for many Americans is un-
necessarily high and, in the context of the poverty of 
most of the rest of the world, vulgar. ~nsible increases 
in capital gains taxes will not cripple the economy. By 
taxing corporations and then offering subsidies for 
important technological achievements and public 
services, government would not be stifling investment 
but rather redirecting it towards long-range socially 
desirable goals that otherwise might not be immediately 
profitable. 

- All pensions, social security and other fixed incomes 
should include automatic provisions adjusting them to 
the cost of living, which would eliminate most of the 
bite of inflation. Inflation should no longer be used as 
an excuse for cutting out funding for social progress. 

- The preceding goals must be achieved in the context 
of respect for law, peaceful protest, and an avid in-
sistence on the freedom of speech, with full recognition 
that the American tradition of Rule by law and respect 
for guaranteed civil liberties is a precious possession not 
lightly to be tossed aside for expediency's sake. 

The overall intent of the above program is to 
minimize personal insecurities by limiting the demands 
of society on the individual as far as is consistent with 
maintaining a healthful, enjoyable social order; to 
accelerate the coming of a just and equitable in-
ternational society in which preventable pains are 
prevented, in which resentments and envies are 
minimized, and in which each person can feel himself 
to be a fully franchised citizen of the world; and to 
foster a life style that is at once more hedonistic and 
more ensitive to the needs of others. 

Any comment, amplification, or disagreement with 
any aspect of the above article will be welcomed. 

1M News ... 
continued from page 0 
where teams consist of two 
men and three women. 

Team sign-ups will take 
place today in the 1M of-
fice . Captains from each 
team must come with a 
roster of players. 

Each league will be 
subdivided into smaller 
leagues, consisting of teams 
of similar capabilities and 
desires . There will be 
leagues for low-key teams, 
hyper teams, and probably 
a "no maim, no foul" 
league. 

As before, the league5 are 
open to students, FACULTY 
AND STAFF . The 1M 
Department urges all in-
terested PEOPLE (this does 
include teachers and other 
staff members, contrary to 

popular belief} to show up. 
Even if you cannot organize 
a team of your own, come 
to the meeting and maybe 
the 1M people can find you 
enough other free players to 
make up a team to your 
specifications. 

Ruggers ... 
continued from page 6 
desperately, but to no avail, 
and the final score stood at 
4-0 with the good guys 
coming out on top again. 

The very next day, the 
tired Tritons took on a fresh 
UCI team . The Anteaters 
played a most aggresive and 
improved game, defeating 
UCSD 20-12. 

The play was hard-fought 
and determined, though 

Viola 

"Open Letter" Continued from page 1 
When Dr . Watson, Third College 

Provost, was asked his feelings regarding· 
publi08tion of the letter, he condemned 
the Newspapers' apparent lax poli cy ;n 
letting this be published without 
verifying the fact s, and in turn using it to 
exploit Third College . 

butt of controvrrsy." 
Dr . Walc;on fl'lt the letter was, " 10 part 

in pired by a n antagonism toward Third 
College based on non -academic issues" 

"This is consistent with the Triton 
Times poli CY and act s of the past, in 
which they've attempted to make the 
paper interesting by having controversial 
articles which use Third College as the 

The reader w ill often encounter letters 
with se rious accusa tions such as tho~e of 
Marsha Shel ton and D .J. Scales . When 
such an art i Ie IS written with apparent 
and emot ional bias , th e reader must 
make an extra effor t to th ink crit ically 
and analyt ica ll y. When written in such 
emotional terms, accusat ions tend to 
have much broader ramif ications. 

Low Blows continued from page 2 
your family's too. 

As for John Hine Pontiac and the girl who sings " I got 
mine at Hine": Well, sister, I got mine in Tijuana and I'm 
still taking the penicillin. 

•• * 

And now : Things I Am Slowly Cetting Sick 01 Seeing, 
Hearing About Or Whatever. 

Richard Bach and his bird book 
John-Boy Walton 
Sugary Christmas TV specials 
Cat food commercials 
The rest of the Waltons 

"Tough cop" shows (let's smoke him!) 
"Tough medic" shows (Quick, an IV!) 
"Tough firemen " shows (Smoke inhalation and minor 

burns !) 
John-Boy and the Waltons, assembled 
Anthony Newley 
Julie Andrews 
Lemon.freshened borax 
lemon perfume 
Know-it-all columnists. 

CA»nference continued from page 2 
them into on -going programs . (4) Student 
organizational structures - A look at avenues of input 
presently available to students on this campus with 
comparison with other campuses, and (5) The mi.ing of 
activism and academics - a presentation of mechanisms 
now available to U.C.S.D. students to get academic 
credit for projects and of new mechanism which might 
be created . The conference wi II also have time built in 
for a sharing of ideas and concerns, as well as time for 
individuals with specific problems to get individual 
help. 

PAGE ONE 
continued from page 2 

Dean's Office sponsored 
several of these rap 
sessions. A recurring issue 
was a feel 109 of loneliness, 
maybe not necessarily 
being alone, per se, but t 
finding some difficulty in I 
meeting new people , 
developing new study 
habits, adjusting to the · 
quarter system, and relating 
to new and different 
people . 

Other planned activities 
will be a study center 
during Midterms and Finals, 
Departme(ltal meetings for 
perspective maj?rs. 

During the hours of the 
Center ' s operation s" 
members of the staff can 
offer suggestions or 
alternatives in dealing with 
certain Universit y 
bureaucratic procedures. 
PAGE ONE urges you to 
come in or call 453-2000, 
ext 1488 to d i scuss 
problems, concerns, and 
issues of campus life with 
the staff . 

COMMUNITY Students attending these sessions will get more than 
verbal information ; each participant will receive a 
packet of information for each workshop . 

·BLooD BANk 
327 F. Street ~ 

Conferences like this have been successfully con-
ducted at other U .c. campuses. From them students 
have been able to greatly improve their ability to 
succeed in gaining a more recognized position in the 
University community. We believe that if you and other 
U .C.S .D . students take advantage of this program, the 
studentbody will see progressive steps in improving the 
quality of life here. 

p~\YS DONORS 
for service 
Mon.-Sat. 
8:<45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

t 

CaI·Pirg 
continued from page 1 

and an Earth day ~!'I1lI Il,lr 
the fi rst week in MMCh 

M ore informillion ilboul 
these and o ther CA lPIRG 
projects can be obtalnE'Cf by 
ca lling CAlPIRG's di rec tors 
at 236-1509 or by att end inl-l 
a loca l meeting. The n('xl 
UCSD meet ing will be hpld 
in the Co-op Book Exchclill-ll' 
next to Ih Revelle Inform,,1 
Lounge in Revellp Com 
mons at 7:30 th is Monday, 
January 14. 

All students, facu lty ,m d 
staff are invited to att pnd 
this meeting to lea rn morl' 
about CAlPIRG and how it 
can help you . 

MUIR COLLEGE COUNCil -
2 .e.ts on the Muir Coil.,. 
student gow.rnment .xecutive 
pane' ar. vacant for the winter 
Que"er. Muir stud.nts inter .. ted 
in getting lome action on Muir .re 
encou,.."ed to attend the n •• t 
m .. ting II 5:00 in the conference 
room on Tuesday. January 15th on 
Muir campul. Any que.tion. 
should be directed toward the 
Muir Provo.t' , office. 

Rowers ... 
cont inued from page 0 

the Trit ons on to victory In 
race after race Returning 
f rom last year's team to 
help in the coaching duties 
are Dave TurnqUist and 
John Winkels (as rumor 
have It) Return ing Oar-
sm en Incl ud e stalwarts 
M ike Glass and Mark 
( Basket -weave) Akeson 
Now, if only Uchida would 
return to the coxswain 

ABORTION 
ALTERNATIVES 

PRO-LI FE 

24 HRS 

583-5433 

free speakers 
available 

Should you or your friends decide to attend, please 
contact Mark Bookman at Extension 2943. We would 
appreciate a call by January 9, 1974. If you decide after 
this time we will consider your participation right up to 
the day of the conference depending on the availability 
of space. 

r~~~~~~~l 
~ GIRLS-Single and Available for dat ing? So Ca ~ . 

the Tritons cou Id not f largest & most unique Dating Club offering 25 free ~ » ball handling was sloppy on 
both sides . AI Hunter and 
" Blind Man" Gregory 
displayed exciting moves 
and break-away speed, as 
both scored tries on long 
runs. 

contain the Irvine attack, A 
and the Anteaters went on memberships. To qualify must be attractive- .: 

to win . j intelligent and 18-35 No other obl igat ion. For info ~ 
Bill Gates tied the score 

with a try of his own, but 

Next week ' s sc~edule l call 224-a484. ote: Th is offer exclusively for ~ 
sees the ruggers taking on A 
Newport Rugby Club at UCSD students. ~ 
Newport. It. 

~~~~~~ 

Farber 
Dance 

CODlpany 
'''Nlf1lRY 20 ••• lfCSD GYM ••• 8:00 PM 

general admission s .oo UCSD student. 52 00 00'( off 1("(> . Lobby, Ur(>y Hall 12 00 - S 00 P 

Page 7 Triton Time. January II. 197. 



The Triton W.r.,.mi g Socl.ty 
win hold its .nnul J., Jlv. this 
lat from _on to "'Idnlght in 
TIoga 1102. Muir 11/ 111 

... rday. Janu~' 12. 1:11 pm _ 
Me prog,.m of k tJrwn Muelc and 

__ orad by the Mulic 
IllleDart:m •• nt .nd the Campu. 

1"'Ogramml~lg Boa~. 11/11' 

sunday 
MORE BRIDGE TOUR · 
NAMENTS!! I Due 10 .w .. plng 
public dem.nd. UCSD Bridge 
Club will b.gln its Wlnl.r lour· 
nemenle thl. Sun el 7:00 pm in Ihe 
Rev.lI. N/ Dinlng Hell. PI.ying fee: 
2k. For mora info-Barry. 756-7388. 
11111' 

C.mpu. Minlalry Sludent S.rvic., 
Sun 10 e . m . Revell. Formal 
Loung. 11 / 111 

monday 
Mon. J.n.14. 7pm. Th. UCSD 
Seiling T •• m will meet in Ih. P.E. 
CI .. sroom to d isc upcom ing 
regatt.. end practices. All In· 
ternl.d ere urged to e~.nd. 
11 /11 ' 

SURF CLUB MEET SURF CLUB 
MEET 
The Surf Club will meel for the 
first time Ihi. Querter on MON· 
DAY J.n. 14 in 2C 1110 at 8 pm. We 
heve 10 pick e new comp.tllion 
te.m . 0 ell m.mber. ett.nd.nce 
will b. eppr.cieted. Also w. will 
lelk about upc oming .v.nls. For 
info p.rtalning 10 the surf club. Or 
. urfbo.rds I new and u.ed' call 
453·1969. 11/11, 

Pre·M.d Club meet for lIolunleers 
work ing e l V.A. Hos p ilel end 
Universily Hos pltel. Mon. J.n 14. 
a t 7 pm in H.l. 1108. Disc and new 
info w ill be presenled. 11 / 11 , 

BASEBALL pr.ctic. begins Mon. 
J.n. 14 6'30 pm .t the UCSD 
b ... b.1I fi.ld . C.II 298·1710. (1 / 11' 

ATTN ALL SOARING CLUB 
MEMBEWI G"n.r.1 me.t J.n 
14 in USB 2622 at 7pm B. ther.1. 
11 / 111 

new courses 
On Sun. J.n 20. at 6:00 Ihc Friend. 
of the Internation.1 C.nt.r will 
r. sum. monthly .thnic dinners 
w ith a Cla •• ic Fr.nch Dinn.r. 
Menu includ." 4 Hore d·oeuvre • . 
Quiche .ux Epinard. Quich. au 
Roqu.fort to be s.rv.d with an 
app.ritif; main cou.... w ith a 
mod.s t Fr.nch win • . Coq .u Vin. 
Pommes de T.". T.reil .... Pa in 
ordinalr • . S.I.d. d •• L.itu • • au 
S.uc. vinaigr.tt.; for d . ... rt. a 
Mou ... I.in. au Chocolat and 
coff.. . Foliowing the dlnn.r 
Mich.1 Benamou. profe .. or of 
French Lit. will sp.ek on hi' 
assocl.tion with Eug.ne 10"Nco. 
M.k. reaerllat lon. e.rly by 
s.nd ing a ch.ck pey.bl. to 
Friend s of the Intern.t ionel 
Cent. r. P. O. Box 109. In· 
lerne t ionel Cente r. la Jolle. Ca. 
92037. 11/ 11' 

Prof . .. or Paolo Fabbri. of Ihe 
Unill.rsi ty of Urbina 

Professor Fabbri is a semiotlclan 
and h.s don. import.nt work 
bOlh in the analys is of lyric poetry 
and in thet of the m.die. ma.s 
communications a nd the lik • . He 
will give two cou" • • . bOlh in 
English: 

General literature 190: Intra. 10 
lilerary Methods 

IT&Th 8:30-TIH 902, 
The couree will pre.ent the ba.ic 
theories end worle . of l ome of Ih. 
most important rec.nl lilerery 
and linguistic Iheoretic lan • . such 
as Se uasure. B.rth... Greim.s. 
Jakobs on. etc. Open to upper 
lellel undergraduates. 

C"""'nrotlvl' lit.r.tur. 271 Th. 
Thl'ol II o f Ihn Text (Tu.s 2·4. USB 
4020B) 

A pr.s.ntation 01 the ba.ic 
e l.rne nt. of the cont.mporary 
Euro_n d. ba,. around . uch 
f'''fls tlons as writing {tocrlture' 

ver~u' speech. the " productlvltv" 
01 the text. and . 0 torth. M.terial. 
st"di.d will ",clud. articl •• Irom 
Te l Qu.l . D."id. . Kri.t.v • . 
Gre imn. a nd oth.r c urr.nt 
theor.tician. and lingui.ts. 

FIRST MEET BOTH COURSES J.n 
15th 
We.k of J.n 14th. 11 /11' 

general 
Tund.y. Janu.ry 16. 8:11 pm. 40t 
Me pNmi.r p.rformance of Alvin 
Cu"an·. "Song •• nd Views of the 
Magn.tlc G.~an". pN_nted by 
Roberto lan.rI and Su.n Gor· 
mli • . Ir. · .ch.dul.d from I.st 
qu.".r.' 11 /15' 

Da".. W •• tI.k. scu~tuN .t 
UCSD Janu.ry 7·12 UCSD Art 
Gell.ry. R.II.II. Coll.g. 
Humanltla. Bid. 1.t Floor Room 
1210 D.ily 12·6 .nd Wedn"d.y 
ev.ning. 8·10. 11 /11' 

Aft.r thl. _ak w. will be 
dlecontlnuinll the Friday 1~11 
P.M. run. The Coa" Crull .... 11 / 11' 

The Triton Wa~aming Society 
meats thl. end .v.ry Thured.y at 
D MC . W. play from 6 pm on. so 
com. one com. sll. IE1, 

Effeclille Reed inll: Mon .t 10:00. 
11 :00 and l :00,Wed • . et 9:00 am 
Study Skill.: W.d .t 11 :00 and 
Thur at 9:00 
NoI.· Iak lng: W.d.I 10:00 .nd 1:00 

For further Info .nd 10 .ign uP. call 
..t.nsion 130& or c ome 10 room 
6008. building 20 11 / 111 

BIOLOGY AND CHEMISTRY 
CLINIC · For h. ,p with homework 
p roblem s and concepts. 

advertisements for ourselves 
for sale Yt seas o n old K2·0 ne s kis. 185cm 

w l Gezee bindings; $75; contect 
Ron. morns. 459-1624 11/ 15' 

66 Must 289. ,, ;. R/ H. good t ires 
and appearence. 80M. $550. See H. 
Eno in 2A ~349. 11/15' Two tickets on sk i bus to Big Beer 
1972 INTERNATIO NAL SCOUT 11. J an. 19. $3.50/ ea. 452·1235. 11115' 
V·8 Am'Fm Rad io. 4 whee l d ri ve, 
$2900. 753.8069 IKen' 11/15' FOR S A LE : STE REO rece iller 

Nikko 701 B very good condo $75. 
ask for Stelle 453·8998 (1/ 15) For Sale; Halliday & Resnick. 

Fundamentals of Physics $10.00. 
Call Joe a t 274-0&86. 11/15' TALL.THIN WET SUIT. Obi nylon. 

y." Farmer John. booties. mask. 
snkl. fins. knife. weights $125. 453· 
3955. (1/ 15 ) 

SKI BOOTS almosl new will sell 

BOSE 901 Oirect / Reflec l ing 
Spraker System. $290. Wrile John 
Maxwell. 5110 Winthrop St .. S.D. 
92111 11/ 15' for $25 to someone w ilh a size 9Yt 
STEREO CAR CASSETTE a nd toot . They are molded plast ic. 453· 
t a pes.$55. Min i ref rlg . Dorm 1959. 11/ 15) 
size·$49. 452·1849 11 /15, AKAI speak e rs ; strob e lig ht 
CUle bedly b. ha lled beegle fo r organ. make off : Rand y 452·1439 
free to any home. noIsy 453·3956 11115' 
11/15' 
Fisher . f o ur.chan ne l re c e ille r Books fo r sale for these classes: 
Empire l urntable. IWO Frazier OCHEM 103. Anthro 106. Soc. 103. 
~peakers . $250 755.9164 11/15' Soc. 121. Ca ll 452·1825 11/ 15' 
For sale: 
FENDER DU O SONIC GU ITAR 
WITH CASE: $90.00 or best off . 
Call Daile Frake r at 453·6238. 11/ 15, 

like new Solomon 444 bindings. 
Buckle s k i boots size 11 . CHEAP. 
452·1766 AM or late PM . Ask for 
Daile 11115' 

Calculus and Analyt ic Geo melry. Washer. dryer and dishwa. h.r. 
4th ad.. Thomas. Cheap and $100. or best off. Dick 755·6819 or 
unused. Call 272·9984. 11/15' 452.1158 eve. 11 /15' 

Used y,. inc h scuba welsuil f ils 
eppx. 6 ft . 150 Ibs . Ask ing $20. Ji m. 
462·893& . 11/ 15' 

BRAND· NEW ROSS MEN'S 10· 
SPEED BIKE. SHIMANO EAGLE 
DERAI LL EUR . CENTER PULL 
BRAKES. SAF ETY LEVE RS . 
MANUFACTURE F S WAR · 
RANTY. C ~LL 582·4124. 
11/11 ' 

'66 VW bu g . 450 Con t e ct · 
Elizabeth 459·74:0 11/11 ' 

Wood en frame bed for Sal. 
book she lf hNdpcst · t20 Peul272· 
1717 or x1827 111'1 , 

Sklls. boot s . poi 'S. Nevllda b in. 
dings·Saske boo ·S. '75. leav. 
in .... ge. Nick 28.(·9392. 11/15' 

Ul8284 673 
Quean·sized WATER BED for •• 1. : 

lin.r. ped, hos.. . heatl 
. Or best off. Celhl Davl. at 

.. 13-1 • . 11 / 16' 

Scube T.nk-80 cu. ft. alum. B.ck 
pack end " K" v.lv • . • 130 413-0833 

1111 

Pater Kenn.dy comp .kl boot • • 
brand new w llh foem. .Iz. 8-10. 
Rag. '1110. m ine . 100. 41&-1303. 
11 / 16' 

BASS G UITAR . Clear body 
Bass / case . Exc ellent 459·8822 
Ilatel 11 /15' 

Pioneer Turntabla PL-41 & Shure 
V·15 Type 11 Improlled Cartridge. 
li ke new . 271 ·1020 11/15' 

personal 
Ros: Apprec card. friends lOa. 
next Xmas I' ll lend you 8c. 11/ 111 

I play gui tar, I'm in much need of 
prKtice. and blues· minded. Jam? 
Ken 1~ 1*. ; , / ~ ' ) 

George P & Mark O. Thank you 
bOlh for relurnlng my 10 card • . 
Carol K. 11/ 111 

Elle ryon.: Poker geme. Wed 8:00 
s. cond floor Tenaye h.1I 11/11' 

Leah. do YOU went 10 p"y 
lIol"yball thl. Qu.rter? I loal your 
phon. number. C.II Cathl at 453· 
" . 11 /11' 

Sabr i ned e e r. l a m · 
jus lV.rvv.ryheppytoa .. thetyou 

couldm.keittoUCSD. 
LOlle ye. Jim. 11 /11' 

P.rvert .nd Savag.: Congrad. on 
your engag.mant. x. .nd 0 • . 
EMBO 11 / 11, 

Rick· pleese s top your l easing & 
let' s re.lly talk . The re' s so much 
to say. LOlle Gu llible . 11 /111 

TOOTS: hope Ihis birthday is one 
to remember w ith a smile on your 
face ... heh. heh. CillO 11/ 111 

l.laudia . thank~ for t he seed. and 
a ll. The sun shines only on tho.e 
who w ri l e. Unc le J . 11/ 111 

housing 
ROOMMATE WANTED: la rg e 
house in Encinilas. $75/ monlh 
plus ul ili t ies . 753·0590 elles. 11/15' 

I need a p lac ! to lille in Clair.mont 
o r Unillarsi ty City. Cen pay up 10 
$75. Ginge r 453·1497. 11/15' 

Roommate ""anted Imm.dlalely. 
m lf Beautiful two bedroom 
house. part furn ish.d. Senior or 
Gred pref. $92.50&utll. 1566 F.lspar 
St.. P.B. Phone 270·6972 after 
4:00 IPl / 15' 

Roommale Wented: to sh.re 
room in two bedroom dupl.x. 241 
25th SI .. Del Mar 756-5752 11 /15' 

Share rental own room 3bedr 
house. University City·ev. 453· 
84&8. $86,66 11 /15' 

Share with 13' other f.mal.s a 
lu.urious four bedroom home. 
Exl.n.ille view of Minion gay 
and Ocean in Peclflc B •• ch· 
Mount Soledad aree. F.mal • • 
betwe.n agel of 23 and 30 
preferred . $112.50 .... plus 
ulilities. Ple.le phone: 274·1408 
after 5:30 p.m. delly & afler 10:00 
a .m. on wknds . Firat and lasl 
month ' s rent requ ired . 
AVAILABLE IAprll 1. 1974, 11 /11' 

F.m. rmmle. needed for house in 
DelMar ' t il June. last mo's rent & 
dep. pe id. $801 mo. cell ell". 756· 
3985. 11 / 11 ' 
Beautiful townhouse. See Village. 
Del Mar, 2bdrm. 2Yt b.th, $460. 
756-0813 ave. wkndl Ip 1/25, 

We n •• d one p.reon I mel., to 
s hare a larg. b.droom in • 0.1 
Mer hou ... cia •• 10 b •• ch. 756-
sa. 11 /16' 

wanted 
W. ntad: 1m rmmate quiet type no 
amok., thru July only. Own room 
ta . ., No. PI 274231 11/111 
EnerllY Ecology Action IEEA, 
Blcycl ... motor·blkn. p.rte. N .. d 
don.llons or lnaxpan.lv ...... . 
P.O. Box _ 0.1 Mar. 711-... . 
Non· Proflt. 11 /15' 

T.lephon.: 4&3.a7 
Room 1201 Bonn.r H.II (R.v.lI. 
Campus'. Mon through Thur 2· 
flpm and 7 10 pm. Fri 2·5pm. Sun 7· 
lOp", 
For mor. info c.1I 4&3·2000. .xt. 
llO1. 11 /11' 

CAREER POSITIONS WITH 
CALIFORNIA STATE GOVERN· 
MENT 

Th. linal filing date to tllke the 
Stat. Service Entranc. Ex.m I. 
March 16. 1974. 
The numb.r of poaltlons I. limited 
with the m.jorlty of opening. 
occuring in S.cr.m.nto. Lo. 
Anll.I •• and San Francl.co. 
Job d.scription.. . .Iary in· 
formation .nd applic.tlon. ar. 
ovail.bl. .t Car .. r PI.nning & 
Plac.m.nt. 6th floor. H&SS 
Building. Muir ColI.g • . 11 / 111 

MUJER WILL MEET Wed Jan 16 al 
3:00 pm in Ihe MUJER off Ie • • 2fiO 
M.e. 11115' 

MARTIAL ARTS STUDENTS: 
Ord.r your gi • . book.. & .quip· 
menl NOW. Ord.re lak.n Tu. & 
Th .. 1/15 & 1/ 17. 3 pm .. mein floor. 
gym or call 4&3·9132. 11 / 11' 

Aikido club "a". nexl we.k. 
Tho •• wanlinll mar. info c.1I 4&3. 
8619 11 /11' 

Th.re will b. a me.I of Ihe THIRD 
COLLEGE FACULTY AND STAFF 
on Thu .... Jan. 17. 1974 at 4:00 p.m. 
in #2100 IM.dic.1 Schooll. 11 /15' 

SUMMER JOBS IN FEDERAL 
AGENCIES 

Th. final deadlin. det. for filing 
an epplicalion 10 I.k. the written 
le.I for summ.r job. in fed.ral 
eg.ncl •• i. J.nuery 26. 1974. 
Announc.m.nte de.crlbing 
epplic.lion proc.dur.. ere 
all.lI.bl. .t Car .. r Planning & 
Plec.m.nt IH&SS Bldg .. Muir'. 
Sludenl Employm.nt Offlc. 1210 
M.C.' , Und.rgreduel. library end 
Provo.U· offlc.. . Thl, en· 
nouncem.nl doe. nOl cOII.r job. 
with the U.S . Pos tal Servic.s . 

Work· s tudy s tudent. interested in 
working with Ih. AulO P.rts Co· 
op. 10 hr/ wk. 4&3-&&68 ev • • . 11 /15, 

Lovebl. boxer n •• d. good hom • . 
Excellent bre.ding. contac t Ken at 
299·4189. 11/ 15' 

Wanted: Tour guld.s in English. 
French. Span l.h . M.ndarin . 
Canlonese or Japanes e . Send a 
s hort resume 10 M s . Erika 
Nakemura a t Let's Go California '. 
Conllention Tour Comp.ny. 1333 
Camino del Rio Soulh. San Diego. 
11/15' 

Wanted: Ride from Oceanside 
aree. 722·2086 11/15, 

WANTED: need scuba tenk and 
regulator . preferably w ilh a 
sealliew guag.. Roy at 463·0878 
11 /15' 

HELPI Need informelion on Te. 
P.e·. n.ar c.ntr.llibrary. ContecI 
Diana at 222·3406. 11 /15, 

Drille Our car to NY about Jan 
20th. We pay gas. oil and $liO. Cell 
459·7954. 11/15' 

WANTED : FABRIC. Patchwork 
Quill mak.r n.ed. fabric scrap • • 
little piece. fine. Bring 10 Penny el 
20 8083 11 /15' 

Wanl.d : Lrg u.ed wet.uit; 
CHEAP . Pref.r long John 
w / sle.lles. Cell lise Lu-43·6731 . 
11 /15' 

In d.sp.rate ne.d of a 10 Phy.ics 
T exl by F. Bu.ch.·. Intra. 10 
Physic. for Scientists and 
Engineer • . Pal 452·0&28. 11 / 15' 

In dire need of U5 or Bl of Mayfelr 
$1000 bingo game. Will split $. Call 
Lisa 453·&731 . 11 / 15' 

Ne.d photo monilors-fr •• acc • • • 
phOlO leb·prer.q VA60 w l AorB 
call Slell. 756-&381 or VA offlc. 
11 /15' 

WANTED : M.lhane 10 
Ma c romole c ul •• 1140A, . M.lh 
8OA, and the P.ych 17 book • . C.II 
756-6418. 11 / 16' 

I w.nl e togeth.r, m."~ fema" 
to Iiv. with wlf •• nd unu .... y 
me .... tw.lva y .. r old d.,ghtar 
at M_ Apt&. during Winter 
au'''er. Frea rent. but tto.. may 
be .om. probleme. L_w nama 
and phona number .t . -1221 or In 
my be. In Ph • . Opt. H.-L, Bid,. 
Jed! Clontz 11/11, 
Urgently needed-. __ to taka 
notaa for Blo 7 . • 1 • lac & "_" 
coat. P.t ..... 1 11/11' 

announf:p.nrlp.n'R---.. ~ 
MATH AND PHYSICS CLINIC 
Con.ult.tlon on prob"m. lind 
conc.pts. 
T.I.phone: 4&3-2082. Room 5132 
Building 2A IMuir Campu.'. Mon 
through Thur 12·6pm end 7·1Opm. 
Fri 12·5pm. Sun 7·1Oprn. 
For more Info call 453-21000. ext . 
1306 

WRITING CLINIC . To help you 
pr.par. and r.fin. written cou .... 
work. Senllcn .ra av.iI by appt. 
only. Call 4&3.2DOO. .xt. 1301 or 
com. to Muir 2D. 6th floor. and 
a.k Jackie McClinton or Barbara 
Pinllr .. for detail • . 11 /111 

BiolollY 121 . N.urobiologyl which 
i. being off.red thl. Qu.rter alill 
h •• p"cn for Internted .tudent • . 
Cou .... me.t. MWF from 4:00·1 :30 
in HL Aud. E.ch stud.nt i. .x· 
p.cI.d 10 an.nd th. w_kly 
Section M.el for which h. will be 
s ign.d up. The in.truclo ... for the 
couree are Theodor. H. Bullock 
and Rob.rt B. livingston. 11111' 

ElECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS 
CORP will b. r.cruiting on 
cempus Fri. Jan 18_ MS or BS in 
Malh or Comput.r Sci.nc. for 
Sy. I.ms Engine.rs. BS i. sam. 
for Op.rations. Appts . • nd furth.r 
info el the C.r • ., Plannlnll 
library. rm &033. Muir HSS 120'. 

S.x Clinic. Wed. afl J.5pm R.v.lI. 
Coun.,lore Offlc. Inexl 10 the 
Prollost Office' X22l1 . Coun.eling 
c oncerned wilh se.ual probl.ms. 
Judy Jorg.ns.n M.D. & Hugh 
Pet •• Ph.D. IE1, 

CHEESE AND CIDER PARTY. 
Opening .... ion of Ih. new 
Wom.n·. Union Itormerly the 
Women's Center Coalilion' . Slid. 
show on wom.n·. image in the 
medi.. progress r.ports on the 
wom.n·. center al UCSD. W.d 
Jan. 16. 3·5pm in Conf.r.nc. 
Room l11A. b.twe.n E.I.n.lon 
Offlc. end lennis courtsl. All ar. 
welcome. 11/15' 

pEGION XV GAMES TOUR· 
NAMENT TO BE HElD 
On F.b 16.16 & 17 IFrl. S.t & Sun. 
with Mon b.ing • C.nfornl. St.t. 
holiday I. the Asaocl.tlon of 
ColI.g. Unions· lnt.rn.tlon.1 
(ACU · II will hold it •• nnu.1 
Region XV Gemn Tournament. 
Any .tudant. who are Int_tad 
in participating in qualifylnll 
tournament. In the following 
.v.nt.: Bowling. ChaM. Bridge & 
T.bl. Tennl •• r. a.kad to contllct 
H.rry Imm.d It Ext. 28. 11 / 161 

BICYCLE CLUB MEETING · Thu .... 
J.n 17 . 7pm 
On Thu .... Jan. 17. 7:00pm there 
will b. • m .. tlng In tha P.E. 
Cle •• room for .ny P.oP" In-
t.r •• t.d in stertlng e UCSD 
Bicycle Club. C.r. & malnt.nenc. 
of bicycl.. & blk. hlkn ar. 
amonll the propo •• d It.m. for the 
club'. .g.nde. Any quntion. 
should be dlrecI.d to H.rry .1 Ext. 
22116. 11 / 15' 

OASIS I. offering .kill building 
group. in Ihe following .r ••• thl. 
winter quart.r: Eff.ctlv. Reedinll, 
Study Skills & Nota-I.klng. All 
group. b.gln the firsl w •• k of Ih. 
Querter. 

friday 
" Dr. William AI"way. Dir.clor of 
the UC . Iel.wld. Educ.lion 
Abro.d Progrem com mitt .. will 
be et the Inln'l Cntr Lounge. at 
noon on Frl .. Jan. 11th. He Will be 
di.cu •• ing the Educ.tlon Abroad 
Program to .lIlnl.r •• ted .tud.nle 
outlyinll the prOllram. In Afrlc • • 
Fr.nc.. G.rmany. Honll Konll. 
Isra.l. Italy. Japan. L.banon. 
M.xlco. Sc.ndinavla. Sp.in end 
the Unit.d Kinlldom .nd 1 .. land. 
He .1.0 ha. info on the rac.nt 
str.ngthenlng of the US doll.r 
abro.d. Iher.by r.ducing Ih. coat 
of .tudylng ov........ All in-
lerell.d stud.nt. ar. invil.d 10 
ettend." 11 / 11' 

Devld ViI .... nor will .p .. k on the 
Bah.·1 faith Fri J.n. 11 8:00pm. 
Audilorlum. Op.n to public. 

Experienced lI iol in leacher. Call Want 10 form a carpool in Ih. 
and we' II di.cuss. l ime and fees . Mission Hills areal call Chris 291 · 
459·2790. 11 /15' 2669 11 /15' 

RIDE NEEDED 10 Berke le y Or CAR POOL wanted. Commuting 
thereabout Sunday. Ka'lie S . 453· sludent lives near Escondido has 
5578. 11 / 15' prkng perm il . xl693. 11 / 15' 

Wa nled: Germa n For Reading by 
Karl Sandb.rg. Us ed in German 
Language 11 . Call eve Tel. 2n· 
4983. 11' 15' 

lost & found 
FOUND: lennis rac ket on c ourt 
# 3 Sel. Jan 5. about 2 pm call. 
idenlify and it's your again. SIeve 
Tracy xln4 or 459·9225. 11 /15' 

I lOll a portfolio of lIeluabl. 
school note. and s tuff. which I 
need desperal.ly. PI. . cal! 
Meureen al 755-750&. nltes 11/15' 

Found In USB 2722·y.llow Ch.m 
140 A & B not.book. Pick up In TT 
offlc • . 11 /15' 

FOUND: diamond wedding ring . 
Conlact campus police. 11 / 15' 

Lost: Green Pick.tt Slide Rule In 
black I.elher case during Natural 
Sci.nc. 2CSP Final eround 11:00. 
Lo. t in Ihe beck row of USB 2622. 
call 278·8646. S.ntimentel lIalu. 
11 /15' 

Found: VW key on SW R.v.lI. 
unit 1 dorms. Thurs. Jen 3, contact 
TT. 11 /16, 

LOST: IntroducIOry t •• t on Ma .. 

CAR POOL NORTH PARK AREA . 
WOULD LIKE TO GET INTO OR 
FORM A CAR POOL PHONE 
EllAN CATES .. .298·9064 EARLY 
CLASSES. I CAN DRIVE HALF 
THE TIME. 11/11' 

Form or join Car Pool. UCSD. 8·5. 
M·F. CI.ir.mont Balboa-Che~er 
Blvd. C.II Ed .1 ext. 2918 or eves. 
et 279·8338. 11 /11' 

services 
The SO Birth Training C.nter; 
education on all e.pectl of 
pregnency. homeblrth. 284 1620 
11 /11' 

Free h.lp. If you hell. probl.m. In 
any low.r div and .om. upp.r dill 
bio or ch.m c ....... drop by Ih. 
Bio Ch.m Clinic in Bonn.r H.II 
11201'. For info call Xl306 or 453· 
2087 IMon to Fri 2:00-6:00. Sun 10 
Thur. 7:00-10:00'. IE1' 

Person. int.re.t.d In .n ameteur 
radio Novlcellc.nH cia .. contact 
John Mu ... lman 756-&811 11 /151 

Hauling S.rvlc.: H.ul anythlnll 
enywh.r. Ch •• p "I.' fine •• rvlce 
Blek. or Erich 453·5784 11/16' 

Sp.ctr.ctromatry. PI .. Hr.turnto Inlle.t in your future en· 
the TTorcell4&3- 1626. 11/15, le"elnm.nt pl.n • . Ski. party. go 

FOUND: k.ye In Humanltl .. Ub, 
Auditorium Wad. 2 p.m.nlll 

FOUND: R. Mlle.your .lIde rule 
w .. found In 2D and returned to 
the TT 11/11 

carpools 
Would Ilk. 10 etart c.r pool from 
ElCalon ar ... Call Steve ~17, 
111111 

WANTED: Car pool or ride. bet· 
wean Mira M_ and UCID. Cell 
271·1743. 11/111 

If YOU ... Int.raatad In forming a 
carpool from San Diego ltete 
ar.. caN lII-I710. Aek for aery 
11/111 

10 ,how. and conc.rt • • • nd much 
mar.. at f.nta.tlc .. vlnll'. For 
Info and appt c.1I Scon J 
4&2·5193. Mon·S.I 7·10 am. 11 /16' 

Want to giva my tlm./tIIl.nt. 
worthwhl" project. .tudy. 
work. Mu.t b. dlr.ct 
voiv.ment. Excelent aducltllDnl1 
and per.on quelltl ... 
Hillllin. 1830 Zapo. 
1P1/181 
Expert Typing ••• perienoad on ell 
types of pepars. Fa .. 
baa"nt g~mmer .nd .,.,'ng .• 
..... o .. b ... IBM. C"I __ I~t 
eal M.rilyn .t _7110. 
TV ... T: EIIP. t'-. te~ 
Rapom. Mlac. 
IBM.IO cen. p .... ICa .... w ........ 
.E L YNCH. 711-~ 1P1/1. 


