
" 

Meeting for 
BRG Called 

Rudy LUf(ue, newly 
elected coordInator for -the 
Coop's Budget Resource 
Group [BRG) , has called a 
meeting to consider alter-
natives for t6e procedure a"d 
slnlcture of the group. 

The meeti"g, at 6:30 p.m. 
tomorrow on the secondfloor 
of the Student Center, was 
called at Mo"day's Coop 
meeting. At the same time, 
Luque requested aid from 
members of the Coop in 
working with the BRG. 

Volume 23, Number 23 

Cooperative, ADlid Tension, Approves 
'" 

Confidence Vote, Rejects Quotas Again 
The Student Cooperative Monday approved a vote of confidence In 

last week's amendment to the Coop constitution, and then refused 
further amendments that would have required a quota system for 
appointments and elections to the Budget Resource Croup (BRC ) 

The meeting was a tense one, characteriLed at times by raCial 
overtones during diSCUSSions of the proposed quota system 

Expected Challenge 
It had been expected that a group of students would challenge last 

week's amendment, which expanded the BRC from five to eleven 
members 

That amendment was a compromise to a motion by Montgomery 
Reed, which would have creat d a body of representatives of campus 
o rganizations and interest groups, from which the working BRC would 
have been chosen. 

Some Coop members disputed the passage of the amendment on 
the grounds that the Coop's regulation requiring that a student attend 
two of the three preceding meetings before obtaining a vote was not 
followed. 

times 
UCSD Friday, November 15, 1974 

All und rgraduates present WPH' allowpcl 10 \011' .11 la'-l \<\t ,,.k, 
meeting. According to Marco LIMandrl , Ih(> rpgulat/on \<\cI~ nol oh· 
served becaust' three offl( lal mp('tlng~ had not o( (urr('(1 \\hpn tht · 
am ndment was prt'sented " lhat rl'qUlrpm( 'nt " not appllc ahl" until 
thiS meeting," hI' said Monday 

According to Kirk Robinson, a m<>mber of th(· BRG thaI (ampd on 
Initial budg t consld rations and that was ell 501\('(/ la~t \\('(' , till' 
dissenting students mN Monday atternoon and (how nol to (hall(·ngt· 
the passage of the amendment If a vot(' 01 (onllden(t' In laq \'.('(.1.. ' , 
proceding was put before the Coop 

Initially, there was OPPOSition to the \oote of (ontld('nc f' prln( Ipall.,. 
from David Cassidy, who framed tht' c.omprom/\(' am£'ndmt'nt that 
expanded the BRC . 

Stewart Will Head Mandeville Center Coop BRG coordinator Rudy Luque 
Will Continue at 

Muir with Aid 
From Ledden 

by Rich Yep 
Muir provost John Stewart has 

be n named director of the 
Mand ville Center by the 
Chan ell or 

I n a letter to Stewart, provost of 
MUIr for five years, McElroy said 
Stewart should act as a 
" fa illitator" for the Center. 

Stewart will continue at Muir 
with the aid of Pat Ledden , a 
professor of Mathematics and 
former acting provost of Fourth 
College. 

The Triton Times recently 
talked with Stewart about his 
appointment, and his plan for the 
center . 

Low Key 

Stewart exp lai ned the ap-
. pointment as " low key," due to 
the sensiti vity surrounding a high 
leve l adm in istrat or directing 
Mandevi lle Center. One fear held 
by some department heads over 
Stewart's directorship was the 
fact that they might be forced to 
labor under his authority. 

"As far as we can see, the task 
of the director should be one of a 
uper facillitator," exp lained 

Stewart. "A person who wi ll see 
that programs get organized, and 
problems with the bui lding are 
corrected as soon as possible." 

Believing that department 
chairmen of the Mandevi ll e 
Center are too busy with the work 
at hand, Stewart believes that he 
will be able to look ahead and 
play a supportive role on the 
UC D ampus . 

Stewart explained that the 
apprehension surrounding his 
directorship held by various 
departments was that he was to 
dct as a controlling agency. As of 
now, the real ization that Stewart 
will be a useful person to these 
departments has been seen. 

Stewart believes he can assist 
certain departments raise funds 
for special programs and lead in 
the planning of the summer 
prOKram at Mandevi lle Center. 

He envisions the Mandeville 
Center as able to focus on one 
particular theme. "Some spring 
we may focus ow attentions to a 
reVival of art in the 1920's. This 
would encompass the great 
composers, artists, the cabaret 
movement, the emelience of 
lal /; all of the 1920's. This would 
be a very eliciting focus" 

In the large auditorium Stewart 
has plans for films, lectures on all 
sorts of topi cs, concerts of the 
most advanced, experimental, 
and progressive types. 

I n the recital hall many en-

John Stewart 

vironments can be created 
through the use of various 
equipment. 

" Both of these halls could on 
occasion be used for chamber 
opera, dramatic performance, 
and straight plays . Certainly the 
large auditorium will do very well 
for ballet. We've tri ed to make 
them as multipurpo e as 
possible." 

During the Celebration of the 
opening of Mandeville Center in 
March there will be displays of 
contemporary black art, a poem 
read that was commissioned for 
the opening, art exhibits, dancing 
by the lnter-City group from Lo 
Angeles, plays, lectures, a 
collection of rare 1920 films that 
have only been shown on the 
west coast once or twice, and 
orne pop and rock concerts. 

Drpps 18 Percent 

" I think this will greatly change 
the style of UCSD and in 
changing the public image The 
Center will be a marvelously 
valuable asset," commented the 
new director. 

Continuing Stewart said , "The 
Mandeville Center is a place for 
study, research and instruction . If 
we had termed our auditorium or 
250 scat recital hall as 
classrooms, then we would have 
been overbuilt on classrooms and 
Third College would have to wait 
on their academic space, and we 
didn't want that to happen ." 

The challenge that faces 
Stewart is to be able to use that 
space so actively in support of 
cultural and instructional 
programs, but not directly for 
instructional purpose, to justify it. 

Explore Mediums 
" I would say that one of the 

most important things the 
Mandeville Center can do is to 
enable artists to explore their 
medium and enable their 
audience to follow in this 
discovery, freed from the 
necessity of the pu!?1 ic way and 
sell. 

"Our artists in the Mandeville 
Center will be supported to make 
their own discoveries. I th ink the 
Mandeville Center will provide a 
good means of communication of 
what they hope to accomplish ." 

Continuing, Stewart stressed, 
"We're not trying to make money, 
we're trying to learn . I think that 
is the important thing about 
Mandeville Center that needs to 
be emphasized, that we have a 
role in relation to th art that is 
different than any of the other 

Cont inued on Page 3 

UCSD Crime Rate Drops 
Statistic how UCSD to have the greatest decrease in crime In the 

UC ystem from 1972 to 1973. 
While tatewide university tatistics show a 5 percent decrease in 

ma,or crimes, UCSD's decrease is 18 percent. 
The crimes included are murder, rape, robbery, aggravated a sault, 

burglary, larceny theft and auto theft , 
Decreases in crime were also shown at Berkeley, Santa Cruz (each 18 

percent) and Santa Barbara (21 percent) . 
According to UCSD police head Hugh hench, thouKh crimes against 

pNsons have decreased from last year here, the overall crime rate is 
up . Petty theft is up this year 67 case over last, while 391 Violations 
have occurred In the ma,or crime areas, 14 more than last year' total 
and 55 more than thiS time a YPiU ago 

French said that the total value of lost property due to crimt' IS only 
54,000 more than this timt' la t Vf>ar, a a result of Increased r(> overy of 
stolen items He attributes rises in .. ome catagorie of property los to 
the InHeased .,ite of the tudent body and the IOcrt'aSt> 10 the ar('(1 that 
must 11(' lOV(,fl'd 

" It's aSinine to deoate the procedure," he said "We should leave 
what happened in the past in the past " He addpd, "Why aren 't the 
other actions of last week being questioned?" 

Cooperative coordinators were appointed at last week 's m tlng 
under the same procedure. 

The vote, taken after a half hour of debate, was 28 voting to approve 
of fast week's procedure, and eight voting against Four members 
abstained . 'Quotas 

A proposal to work quota systems Into the BRC's constItution , abo 
entered by Reed, had' been defeated two weeks ago The set 01 
proposed amendments presented Monday was a system based on thl:' 
eleven-member committee formed by CaSSIdy's amendment 

The amendments had been drafted by a group of stud nts meetln1; 
last week . It was not made clear who wrote the am ndment 

Debate was heated over sections that would have reqUired eae h 
college to elect a male and female member to the committee, and that 
would have required about 40 percent of the committe to be (om-
posed of " people of co lor." 

Alan lollar, chairma n of the Black Student'S Union, defended th(' 
quotas for minority students, commenting, " I'm not faulting the peoplp 
in th is room , but we have a 200-year old system to work against " 

One student asked BRC coordinator Rudy Luque why quota for 
minorities were necessary . 

Luque said, " I won't answer you, because I would havp to an wer 
with a negative comment." 

The proposal was at one point further amended by Daryl Fanberg, 
whose amendment eliminated all aspects of the quota system HIS 
changes failed to achieve a two-third majoritv . 

The final vote on the quota system was 16 for, and 20 against. 

BSU Chairman AI 20/la, 

The COOp'S Question: 
Quotas or Open Election 

by John H. Taylor 
The ra ial tension that often 

charact erizes tud nt govern-
m nt, and that has at tim nearly 
paralYled governm nt at uch 

hool a U anta Barbara , ha 

intend to u for the mo t elfl ~ 
of project But th two-week 

nag 10 forming and charging the 
BRC ha u ceeded In diViding 
th Coop, albeit alon' v ry 
traditIonal and predl table 110(>, 

COMMENTARY 
emerged In the la t two meetlOg 
of the Student oop ratlve 

The di putes are, typi ally, 
over the future make-up of the 
Coop' B.udget Resources Croup 
(BRC) . Despite lofty motive ot 
inspiring cooperatIon and 
a surinK representation , the real 
worry i now over who will 
allocate, and ultimately who Will 
receive , the remaining 517,000 of 

oop money 
Theft:' I nothing wrong With 

.,llt h pr('Ollllpdtlon . 01 Ollr~p , 
many group might apJ)t'ar gr <><iy 
10 thl'lr QUt" t tor fund~ that tht'y 

Two Groups 
One 'roup of oop memb(>r\, 

or erned With In~tltutlonal 
ra iim," doe not want th 
unrepr sentatlv BRC that they 
t I If'Ctlon or appomtment 
Within the olle 'e would creat ' 
Th Ir pro po ai , rt'j .. ortpd Monday, 
would have r qUi red th",t about 
40 J)('fcl'nt of th(' HR(; member~ 
Of> p<'opl(' 01 olor 

Other\ (ontt'nd that, ci<, PII!' 
the our e of politi dnd rdc lal 

("~( nmlnatlon In th riltl'cl 



I 

letters to the Ed itor 
Gym Hours 

Since the first week of school, it has become 
increasing:y impossible to find a time that either 
the main gym or the rec gym is open. 

Just in the past three weeks, there have been ten 
times when a group of us have made the walk from 
the Revelle Dorms to the gyms, only to find that 
they were already being used by clas~s or teams 
participating in volleyball, badminton, fencing, and 
basketball, just to name a few. We don't want to 
take anything away from those classes or teams, but 
shouldn't we all get a chance? 

We did notice that the "open recreation" hours 
are printed on a board inside the rec gym, so 
Saturday we got a group of guys together and 
walked to the rec gym, which was supposed to be 
open from 12 noon to 10 p.m., at about 7 p.m. 

Of course, it was closed. 

We're really getting tired of walking over there 
for nothing. If there's a reason we can't use the 
gyms, we wish someone would tell us . 

Dave Eisen 
Dave Howitt 
Donn Oetzel 

Alan Nakatani 

Disturbing ·Roles 
When I came here for the first time ~even weeks 

ago one of the most disturbing things that I 
discovered is that there are many men and women 
here who have what seem to me to be rather 
strange ideas of their roles in relation to each other. 
Today someone gave me a copy of an "Open Letter 
to Man" written by songwriter Sy Miller and his 
wife, the former actress, Jill Jackson . I would like to 
share it with those men and women who disturbed 
me a few weeks ago 

" I am Women . 

"I am finding it increasingly difficult to fulfill my 
purpo~. 

"Many people in advertising, motion pictures, 
television and radio have ignored my inner qualities 
and have repeatedly used me ONLY as a symbol of 
SEX. 

"This humiliates me; it destroys my dignity; it 
prevents me from being what YOU want me to be -
an example of -

"Beauty, inspiration and love -

"Love for my children, love for my husband, love 
of my God and my country. 

"I need your help to restore me to my true 
position ... to ALLOW me to fulfill the PURPOSE 
FOR WHiCH I WAS CREATED. 

" I know you will find a way." 

JIM MCGRAW 

Uttle White House 
Fellow UCSD students: We live in the little white 

house with the large white gate across the street 
from the Muir dorms. A lot of people walk through 
our gate and yard on the way to Black's Beach. The 
gate , the driveway, and all the open property all 
belong to the house. This is our yard and it takes a 
lot of work to keep it clean. Please don't litter in it. 
We often have a garbage can out near the mailbox 
on La Jolla Farms Road, and you are welcome to 
throw trash in it, but please don't throw it in the 
yard . Thanks. 

Shut It Down! 

KIM CLAUSSEN 
STEVE TODD 

PW, y,ars tlgo this ~ •• y OIN .uJio" 
A...ne-s ~ ill ~s • SlIM 

~KLY SPEAKNG .... by phil frari< 

WANT m 82' /It DOC~? 
. I'LL TELL "QI WHY I ~ Jl:) Be A 

r=tlC'7OR '" SO I CAN HELP MANKIND 
AN!> .2) I CAN FEEL. NffPftl-- 50 r CAN 
RUSU TO MY W.11ENr ~ ~rPf£ ,~ 
MI' M~RCE~ -BENZ 350 SL ~p. 
'7TEJ;? O~I-lE:AD CAM. Fta-INJECTED 
v-B, PISe ~~. WIRE WU£ELS ... ' 

CCOllEGE MEOlA ~A\IICES'80J( .. n·BEAK~Ley. CA 94709 

• • trIton tiDIes 
EdItw 
"-eln. EdItor 
CJry EdIror 
Cop", EdIffH 
B"'_~ 
Am EtIIfrH 

Meicolm A. Smith 
Edwllrd E. Simons 

John H. Ta""" 
JoniMoodv 

MikaRobineon 
l.8rryDeckel 

KlrIIRoblneon 
Jolin Snode_ 

TadSpeny 
Valerie Guard 
0..,1d Ceuldy 
Me ... Woebler 
Ja_G.8oto 

KethyColle 
Fren Kryzwlc:kl 

e 
-e 
-~ 
-e 
~ 

·'1 am your wife, your sweetheart, your mother, 
your daughter, your sister, ... you friend . I NEED 
YOUR HELP 

" I was created to give to the world GENTLENESS, . 

. Vii,... J? ~ '" ,. ~.: 

. (lilt! NftII MsIN. TH 'IT fIIiII ~ /I /NIl' . 
~ 10 • ,..~ /od III tJw _0fJ#WIII 
din ...". 1M ,.~ 1IOfII. 

The Triton n_ pub ..... Mondey • . Wed'--y. end Fn.v _ an offIc .. .., 
recCltlnlzed atudent __ • pu ......... by the UCSD Communk:etlona Bowd. For 
advertl8lne. p"-C-:". for ~Iancl_. p"-C .... 

UNDERSTANDING , SERENITY, BEAUTY AND 
LOVE . 

We Have It! The New Nationwide Bestseller 

UniVeRSITY 

f~r ,~-
BOOK'STOR{ 
.... TTHIWS CAMPUS 

EXT,ENSION 3770 

-r 

How to live with technoloD 
and remain a real person! 

Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintainence 
by Robert M. Pirsig 

"Told with immense skill...a wonderful book." -
London Times Literary Supplement 

also 
Wide-Eyed in Babylon 

by Ray MiUand 
"Far from the typical merry stroll down memory lane, 
the actor's autobiography is as incisively outspoken 
and wryly humorous as it is intensely personal." 

.. Kirkus T Reviews. 

HARlEOlJiN 
by MORRis WEST 

A NEW TItRillER fROM TItE AUTItOR of TItE SAlAMANdER CONTAiNiNG 
All TItE EXCiTEMENT, ACTioN, ANd SURPRiSE TItAT TItE TERM iMplio. -

University Bookstore 

I POLl!ICS: JAMES G. SOlO I 
• The Aftermath 

last week's stunning Democratic victories left everybody either 
unsettled or invipated, depending on your point of view. Though the 
day after the election found this observer shocked and dismayed by 
the results (though I must admit they were expected by every hack 
journalist I can think of), time has proved to be the great healer a~ I 
have been released by my former depresSion. There is still much ap-
prehension in this corner as to what the eventual consequences of the 
"Watergate election" will be. 

~lifomu Favorilble 
In California my impression of the election was generally favorable. 

No one expected the races to be as close as they were. My own per-
sonal experience found that many of the voters, especially among my 
peers, exhibited a strong and healthy tendency towards ticket splitting 
(the old bogey man of party bosses where voters vote for candidates of 
different parties for different offices) where I wouldn't have normaljy 
expected them to. Though many of the voters, I fear, didn't appreciate 
what the real issues were, it was obvious that most California voters 
were not apathetic and cynical, but rather, they were sincere and 
concerned about making the best choice possible. 

Governor-i!lect Brown has already shown himself to be a dynamic 
and impressive leader in these first few days of transition . Though the 
only thing overwhelming about Brown's election was the fact that he 
won (many thought he was going to win convincingly); Brown has 
plunged right into the job of establishing his administration on a firm 
ground . My own guess is that come 1976, the Democrats, if they're 
smart, may decide to look to California for their political future. Brown 
may be the center of controversy, but I think he will continue the 
California tradition of bringing excitement and vitality to politics. The 
next two years will show whether the stale politiCS of the East and Mid-
West will prevail over the political dynamics of the West and the New 
South on the national scene. 

Last week at election central, one television station had as special 
commentators, Representitive Jerome Waldie and William Shear, 
national chairman of the American Party (about whom more will be 
mentioned later) , Jerry Waldie, who lost the Democratic primary to 
Jerry Brown, won't be in the House of Representitives come January. 

Waldie was impressive as a Congressman and will unfortunately join an 
impreSSive group of involuntary and hopefully temporary retirees from 
California political life which now includes Bob Moretti, John Harmer, 
William Bagly, Houston Flournoy, and John Schmitz. Perhaps this 
symbolizes the inevitable fact that California politics is constantly 
changing and shifting, reflecting the mood of the electorate, but is 
always searching for the new and better way . 

Niltional Trends 
The rest of the nation didn't seem to have the good fortune that 

California and the West had. Watergate seemed to do in a lot of good 
congressmen including Charles Sandman, the outspoken defender of 
Richard NiKon during the House Judiciary Committee meetings. 
Watergate aside, what last week's election says about the future of the 
United States political system can be seen in three different ways . 

First. the election can be looked at as a massive victory for the 
Democratic party with the GOP hanging on, thus allowing the two-
party systet1) to continue, barely. Second, the election of so many 
Democrats weakens the Republicans and with the economic situation 

Commentary 

Coop: Quotas or Open Elections? 
Continued from Paae 1 

States in the past, interested 
students should be able to feel 
safely represented by a com-
mittee chosen without quotas. 

The first group is lacking in 
trust, perhaps rightfully SO; the 
other group feels threatened by 
the notion that whatever 
discriminatory trends there are 
can be perpetuated un-
consciously, regardless of in-
tention. 

The problem has been solved, 
for a time; the Cooperative has 
struck a compromise. The budget 
committee has been expanded to 
eleven members from its original 
five, and election of those 

Stewart 
Continued from Paae 1 

institutions of the fine arts in 
town ." 

Stewart believes that if new 
questions concerning the fine arts 
are answered at Mandeville 
Center, that the university will 
have justified having "such a 
great center on campus." 

In the last analYSis, Stewart 
believes, "like any university 
building, Mandeville Center is a 
place of learning and research, 
and an investigation of pushing 
back man's horizons and 
knowledlle . 

" The Mandeville Center is like 
some very sophisticated new 
scientific research instrument, 
like the first electron microscope, 
or the first cycltron . I ask people 
to be patient while we learn to 
use it skillfully and be tolerant of 
some of the mistakes we' ll make 
with the very sophisticated 
equipment and building ." 

COMMUNrTY 
ILOODBANIC 

321 f. Street 

'AYSDONORS 
torserwke 

Mon.-Sat. 
1:&-5:30 
CIotedSun_ 
233-&411 

members is now possible. On the 
other hand, there will be no 
quotas . 

The danger, of course, is that 
the framers of the quota motion 
are right-that we must force a 
balanced organization on our-
selves, because history shows that 
we will not elect one. 

. The Question 
Therefore, the question : Is a 

group of undergraduate students 
attempting to build a governing 
structure prey to the same 
prejudices some perceive in 
society? 

Some, obviously, believe that 
we are . And though self-defense 
may not be the most appropriate 
course, others want to believe in 
their own sense of fairness . 

There are two factors that 
reassure. The first is that we have 
seen a group, neither elected nor 
chosen according to a quota, that 
worked long and hard to allocate 
as fairly as possible an amount of 
money' that was depressingly 

smaller than the total requested 
fo~ program budgets . They 
performed well , as far as most 
people are concerned. Fairness 
seems to be an attainable goal. 

The other factor IS that we are 
at a university . Although we will 
not attempt to say that those at a 
university should not be prey to 
prejudices that appeal to less 
informed individuals, it is fitting 
to point out that no one is going 
hungry here, and few are walking 
around barefoot because they 
can't aHord shoes. We seem to 
have been granted a degree of 
social equality, at least while 
we're here . 

Let us hope that few of the 
factors that make men exploit 
each other economically, and 
therefore racially, operate on the 
undergraduate level. Even if we 
believe that our society will warp 
us, we can allow ourselves the 
option of fairness for four years. 

Representative From 
University of Southern California 

to be on campus 
Tuesday, N ovem ber 19 

Graduate studv information - all fields in letters, 
Arts & Sciences, with special emphasis on Science 

Contact Career Planning & Placement 
453-2401 

as bad as it is, it is doubtful whether the Republican party will be able ,-__________ .... 
to hold Its own in the 197& elections. Lastly, there still seems to be a 
populist grass roots movement that exhibited itself in last week's 
election and there are indications that there may be the strong and 
vital participation of a third party in 1976. The last seems most likely. 

Third Pilrty" 
In Maine, independent James Longly was elected Governor, leaving 

both the Democ"t and Republican prostrate in his wake. In Florida, an 
American Party candidate pulled 16% of the vote and almost made the 
Senatorial contest more confusing than it already was. In New York, 
Conservative Barbara Keating unexpectedly pulled 16% of the vote in 
her U.S. senate race giving Jacob Javits and Ramsey Clark something of 
a surprise. 

Across the country, according to William Shearer, the American 
party has managed to keep it~lf well organized and on the ballot . 
George Wallace, on elettion night, strongly hinted at bolting the 
Democratic party if he isn't nominated. On top of all otJ that an 
Oklahoma Republican party boss announced last Friday that he would 
support Ronald Reagan over Gerald Ford for the presidential 

nomin~tion . Both Republicans and Democrats are greatly upset with 
the programs and people of their party and I feel there could be a 
strong third party if the1tiscontent continues. The key for the future 
!ies in the National Democratic Convention in Kansas City to be held in 
December; the wounds of 1972 have already begun to fester . 

Make your mother proud of you I 
Dowell on theD.A.T. like a good boy. 

The D.A.T. Review 'Seminar is a four day course 
clesianed to enable ·IOU to perform to your full 
calMcity on the D.A.T. Our students average 
D.A.T. scores of () academic (78 - 89 percentile) 
and 7 pmat (90 - 96 percentile). For information on 
,..Ibln1'4~ our ~in.s for the Janua'ry or April OAT. call : 

(213) 8864468, or write: 9801 Balboa Blvd., 
Northridae, Cillif. 91324. 

Photo Im.ports 
Camera Exchange 

"a real 
camera store" 

Buy;Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

PilP 3 Triton Times Novembef 15, 1974 



Playoffs, -Turkeys 
by Kirk RobinlOn 
ilnd Tom Wright 

Due to circumstances beyond 
my control, certain portions of ,an 
article dealing with the upcoming 
intramural playoffs were 
eliminated for last Monday's 
Sports page. 

As everyone knows, the 
playoffs will begin Sunday with 
an eight team bracket. "Eat at 
the Y" will face "Bonzo," and 
"Outhouse" will meet the first 
place team from the " Pardon for 
None League" in games at 10 a.m. 
At 11 " Jimmy and the Baboons" 
will take on whoever finishes 
second in the " Pardon of None 
League." Scripps will enterta~n 
the "Cruising Bruisers" at noon 10 
the final first round game, 

Though "Eat at the Y" is seeded 
first due to its winning the 
Amnesty for All League title, . I 
must pick the ~ ' Baboons" to Win 
the intramural title for the second 
year in a row. Jimmy should have 
no trouble directing his team to 
the finals, even though Scripps is 
in the same half of the bracket. 
The Scripps upset earlier this year 
was a fluke , like it or not Charlie, 

" Eat at the Y" should make the 
final game against the " Baboons, " 
but will have to overcome either 
Dick Duncan and the Punks or an 
assembled multitude that ca lls , 
itself "O uthouse ." With the 

The 

circle, stacked I and goaline 
defenses and of course, Wustman 
himself, "Outhouse" could pull a 
surprise or two or none, should 
they stink as bad as their name. 

Turkey Trot 
The Annual Turkey Trot--

symboliting man's proximity to 
nature will be held Nov . 23 at 
high n~n , All feathered friends, 
be you a hawk without war, a 
dove without peace, a chicken 
without a head, a cock without a 
fight or a rubberless duckie are 
cordially invited . Prizes wi II be 

Triton Times 
needs a graphic artist 
Contact 
Larry Deckel, TT Office 9-5 

x3466 
(Please bring exam pIes of work) 

~1974 rPl~ G3D 

genuinely expired turkeys, the 
poultry type, though any con-
testant may resemble the fowl in 
character. 

Awards will go to the first 
female and first male of an 
unknown 2.6 mile cross cou ntry 
course. Also winning birds will be 
the trotter who predicts its time 
to the closest wing flap and the 
champion turkey who finished 
dead (cold may I say) last. 

As a famous man once said, 
"The heart soars like an eagle, but 
the body runs like a turkey ." 

I non'1lrofll 
public Nrvlce 

.gency 

Birth 
Control 
institute 

• Coun_Iing 

• Pre9"lancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control _ 

• Vasectomy 

• Femlle Sterilizltion 
Call BCI for 

confidential assistance 
(71~) 283-6351 

((14) 5&>-5757 

Have 
a 

levi's 
Jeans 

COOL 11 
AlJ€C STYL€. 

fit. 
AI hk Gap 
Flif' dver Ihe world 's 
greatest selection of 
Levi 's'. Levi 's for every 
siz >, IIhape. laste and sex , 
yo,,'II go nuts. 

4688 Convoy SI. 
Keilmy MeN 

S6O-6644 
Mon. Ihru Silt. 11).9 

Sundilyl Noon-5 

'A. 4 Triton n..... November 15,1974 

• 

Montezuma"" 
Tequila Fiz.z. 

Monte~ma Tequila, 
2 ounces. Lime juice. 
' i lime. Sugar, ~ 
teospoan, Orange 
bitters, 2 dashes, 
Stir in toll gloss over 
ice, fill gloss w ith 
club soda. Garnish 
with lime shell 

QUIAHUITL 
, THE I\AIN , 

I yrr,bol fo( (he I Q,h dey 
of the onCI(,nr AUf'll w~~ 

A 
BAD 
DEAL· 

J 
o 
K 
E 
It 

11 
3 )I 
o 
r 

Historically this column has dealt with sports that people play for m()nev",.~ lIy 'it would bother me to get involved in such demeaning activities, 
that is professional sports. In trying to cover the pro sports ~c~n,~ '" Sa.n D ially since they are illegal , but since I had been accused of losing my 
have dealt with such issues as the San DIego Chargers, Q S , Manners les only a few days earlier by one of the participants, 1 let the quest for a 
bookmaking. . . . b dl my guilt (or maybe scruples, whateverthey are). _ 

The Chargers were winning in Kansas City, the Ma"n~rs were losln8 a y my stake of 62 cents and entered play. As is usual with beginner's luck, 
the road and the Conquistadors were lost somewhere In Utah or Kentucky first hand of seven card stud. It was a reasonably large pot, so I 
anywhere else anybody who is somebody would dare not be found.. I was set for the evening. 

So in keeping with tradition, what was I to write abouH Surely I was not "my friends" introduced me to a couple of new games, I was sure they 
lower myself to the amateur levels of play, there had to be trying to show me these games, figuring that if I didn't know exactly know 
professionalism in what I was to write about. . . play, they might take me to the cleaners or at least out of the game. 62 

I thought about writing of the new UPI Newswtr~ that the school has I and all , 
over at the KSDT station . It even has a sports wIre .. The mach,"~ has a also tried to get me drunk on a mixture of run and limeade; 1 was told 
alarm system that is supposed to alert one of a malor story coming .over s called a dakri (sic) (or something else equally foreign, possibly from 
wire. So far the only time that the bell has gone off IS when spo~ts star ,es n. Anyway I imbibed in half a cup, stretching it out over-some four or so 
over the wire. I guess the machine knows what is Important '" the world of play 50 that I would be able to remember what to write about. 
news . I was introduced to a new game 

But back to the problem of cal led Anaconda (or Anercondra 
writing on the subject of how by those whose speech had 
people earn money through the already been impeded by all 
world of sport. those OH group~ . The game itself 

is fascinating. A hi-Io game in 
Fortunately for my desperate which seven cards are dealt, then 

situation, Friday night rolled in , passed around as people so 
Bored silly, as any student usually desire, Anercondra (whoops-· 
is, and not having been asked to Anaconda) is a high stakes, little 
the " Sadie Hawkins" dance at skill game which for some inane 
Revelle I relegated my activities reason my friends seem to enjoy, 
to wandering around this tomb of especially when they are drunk . 
a campus looking for something I pulled several coup d' etat s 
to do. during t.he action-filled evening. 

I found myself seeking out my 
friends, trying to find out whet~er 
or not they were up to something 
sporting (I use this word so I don't 
get away from the original idea of 
this column). 

Entering one friend 's room, I 
discovered the most evil of all 
vices, cards . And they were 
playing cards for money! . 

Here were people making 
money through a sporting 
venture, and 1 therefore had 
something to write about . 

Being the eminent journalist 
that I am, always in search of a 
great story to break to my reading 
audience, I immersed myself Into 
the game for the sole purpose of 
perpetuating journalistic ex-
cellence. (The 37 cents I won was 
immaterial, call it my pay for this 
co lumn, if you will. MaYDe that's 
all it's worth) . 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
new midway 
fed mart 
sfore 
pyes E'xamllled 
prescriptIons filled 
cant ;tet lenst'~ fltt ed 
Mon.TuH,Thu ... FrI. 
'0:311 AM, - 1:00 PM. 
"",relav. 
,0:00 Am .. I. PM, 
lu"'" 
,,:00 AM .• 1:00 PM, 
CIIIMd Wed-U,. 

Of course the thri II of victory is 
sort of dampened by the spirits of 
others (who didn't really know 
what happened until I told them 
on Saturday), but when you pull a 
coup, nobody else matters, 1 
bluffed a high flush, on ly to show 
the low hand, beating out those 
who stayed in because they 
thought I was high Then there 
was ' the time I talked some poor 
unsuspecting young lass out of 
the pot. I don 't think she WIll ever 
forgive me, but when you're 
under the influence, as she was, 
you don't put up a very good 
argument. She lost. 

All things considered it was a 
successful evening (and column). 
those- people who won money, 
earned It for the sake of sport and 
those who lost were payi ng the 
winners for the good game that 
they played . 

My thanks to Ms. F. and friends 
who not only provided me with 
material for th'is column, but paid 
me for it as well. 

l1li 
£IIDI" 

- III ~WJIL MPh lid. -1 t (II MtalM1a AU 111ft 
~ ftM6nI naJ' 

.MOM.'S tIRES lHEIfBME HfIS, ftIS" 
PItaJ tllliD., bL TAlIa, 
ft!WU.r .............. 
(I u... FIIBT IDUf .,N 
At flAIl ........... 
IIU ffat 111k.8. .~ QNlI' 
AT' fN 1 M1a& wa 

.. ~ I liN. FIDM 

Booters End Season on Slide 
Cal State Fullerton, ranked in 

the top ten <. Tlong West Coast 
soccer teams, destroyed the 
Tritons here Saturday afternoon 
5-0, as UCSD completed its 1974 
season. 

Fullerton took advantage of 
some timely passing and 
shooting, coupling them with a 
stifling defense in downing the 
Tritons . 

UCSD goalie John Prim was the 
major factor in Fullerton's 
inability to run up the score even 
more. Prim made numerous 
diving stops, many of them in 
spectacular fashion, and also 
tipped some shots narrowly over 
the net. 

Triton shots on goal were few 
and far between, although oc-
casional attempts from the feet 
and heads of Brad Petty, Fred 
Vernaccia, Carlos Robles, and 
Duncan Campbell came close. 

The game was relatively close 
for the first half, as Fullerton 
concluded that period with only a 
1-0 lead , That goal occu rred 13 
minutes into the game, im-
mediately following a Prim save. 

Fullerton took control early in 
the second half, and the contest 
was never again close . Three 
goals were a direct result of 

WARREN MILLER 
PRESENTS 

liTHE COLOR 
OF SKIING" 

FEATURE LENGTH SKI FILM 

Sun VIU~'t' Cou'chevtl. Wh .stiet'. Parlo. C. IV 
KeV1.lone MarnmoHt Tfilur,de Snowbird 

Snow Vall_v . La MenUlrf, Meflbel . 0Hp POwtll!f 
Hot Dog World s CnalTlp ·onshlps. 

funny BegInners JI Ninlon,ls HlI:llCOPler S"'1I"9 
Fr.nce EICPlortd" W'lr.,'-' own tuttrlOUI r\irr,uon 

SUNDAY 8:00 P.M, 
NOVEMBER 17, 1974 

HOOVER HIGH SCHOOL 
AUDITORIUM 

4474 EL CAJON BLVD. 

by Dave Eisen 
perfect passing, and on penalty 
shot iced the win . 

UCSD concluded the year With 
a mediocre 6-8-2 ledger, although 
only four losses were recorded In 
the last 11 games due 10 a late 
season comeback 

Coach Stewart Haye~ ' squad 
~hou l d be qUltt> t>xperleneed next 
year, as only one playt'r will be 
gone, leadl~g 1974 scorer Carlos 
Robles As many as f,ve freshmen 
arn:1 five jUniors were playing at 
once thIS year, shOWing much 
promise for the future 

Bike Race Results 
by Bill Milteer 

Highlighting last weekend was Saturday 's first UCSD Championsh,p 
Bicycle Race. Cyclists of all shapes came to compete In one of three 
classes. The classes were differentiated by the number of laps around 
the Matthews Campus and fields, as well as the value of the prl,es 
given. 

Starting off the day was the Open 4 lap (5 .4 mile) race, won by ErIC 
May with a time of 13 ,30. Finishing strongly behind were Larry 
Johnston and Raymond Grander. Next up was the Ladles ' race of 2 
laps, won by Debbie Anderson with an 8:34. Hot on her tad was Vtkkt 
Regier, finishing second , The Championship race, consisting of 8 
laps, was held as the finale of the day. Pack racing resulted In qUick 
times, with Lloyd Regier winning with a 27 '51. Jim Walker followt'd 
less than a second behind . 

The race was run smoothly, largely due to the help of the campus 
police. 

Because of the interest shown by the riders at Saturday'S race, an 
intercollegiate team IS being formed to compete next quarter All 
interested people should drop by the UCSD Bike Shop or talk to a 
bike club member. 

Thursday Night Film Society 
PRESENTS 

£ltIZf?1l 1\()1If? 
(1al() ~ 1()aC.() 

with: Godard's - Tous Les 
Garcons S'App,elent Patrick 

(~al() 

lJSI3 ~1'l11IitJr§-~()" 14 1;;( 

The ·newest casual looks 
are at Streicher's/Up Stage! 
(2nd floor,shoes for gals). 

7837 GI D LA JOLLA 
"FRANCISCAN" 

BROWN SUEDE 

$29 

"Birkenstock." ® 
FRESH START IN WALKING 

STllflCHEn CHARGE 
MAS TEft CllAR5E 
IAIlltAM£IIICAIIO 

"Birkenstock " makes walking fu n , 
Smart looking styles exclusively 
offered at Streicher's 2no floor , 
Most comfortable and practical sandal~ 
ever made 

" ARIZONA" 
DESERT SAND SUEDE 

$29 

10th ,ear 

STIBIGDII'S 
Triton Jj'M' Nov_bet 15, 1~71 



Art Loring Spitler 

Barbara Smith Retrospective Opens G~llery 
The first presentation to bf' 

held in the Mandeville Center Art 
Gallery opened Thu'rsday, 
November 7, with a retrospective 
showing of the L.A. artist, Barbara 
Smith. The show will run until 
December 4, from 12 to 5, Sunday 
through Friday. The new gallery is 
located on the bottom floor at the 
west end of the Center. 

The displayed works reveal 
Smith's personal evolution 
through painting, Xerox books, 
sculpture, and performance 
(which is one of the major em-
phases of the current art scene.) 
As the viewer travels through this 
chronological progression toward 
the conceptual pieces (shown as 

photographical dOlZumentation)' 
it becomes increasingly necessary 
to rely on the catalogue that has 
been provided for the show. This 
fine booklet was compiled by 
Moira Roth and Pat Baxter, the . 
gallery director and curator, 
respectively, for the explicit 
purpose of providing the insight 
into the artist and her per-
formances that is necessary to 
approach the essence of these 
pieces as they were originally 
produced. 

Smith's minimalist paintings 
(her earliest work) are fields of 
black with small incursions of 
hard-edged, vibrant colors. The 
distinguishing aspect, however, is 

that they are covered by sheets of 
clear acrylic plastic, thereby 
creating a mirrored effect. These 
'mirrors' immediately draw the 
outside environs (and the viewer) 
into the piece; a positive in-
dication of Barbara's prevailing 
concern for the things that are 
going on around her ('out there', 
as she put it), as opposed to the 
standard format of artists, which 
is to prt'sent an outward 
projection of what is going on 
inside thenlselves. 

This outward concern is further 
manifested in a series of books 
and collage pieces which employ 
the output of a ~erox machine 
(the only capability it possesses is 

Larry Deck., 

to copy a small frame of its 
immediate surroundings.) These 
sequential studies utilize the 
absolute contrast generated by 
this media to distill the maximum 
amount of detail, while 
presenting a minimum of the 
'whole' reflections of the totality 
we miss in our efforts to grasp 
that whole. 

Barbara's "Field Piece," 

" 
• • • 

Paul Winter Consort 
nearly the perfect concert" • 

presented in a fraction of its 
entirety, is an environmentally 
sized sculpture which combines 
giant fiber glass 'blades of grass\, 
lights, and sound (electronic 
ocillation) to provide a site for 
audience interaction. The original 
installation was also made to 
react specificaJlv to the presence 
of a participant as he moved 
through its space. Even in its 
reduced state, the sound it emits 
subtly penetrates the entire room 
(discretely covering the 
distracting echoes that do exist in 
the cavernous gallery). As a by-
product of the production of 
"Field Piece", a chestful of cast 
acrylic "Artifacts" display some 
intriguing interior dimensions, 
which collectively project the 
aura of a treasure hoard. Concert going is losing its novelty, and more often than not, even 

the best of concerts seems to be a compromise. Uncomfortable, 
acoustically deadly concert-halls seem to blend with expensive 
ticket prices, less than interesting opening acts, and seemingly deaf 
sound-mixers, to produce concerts that make even the best shows 
unfuif,lling. Not so last Saturday night in the UCSD gym as the 
Campus Program Board, along with the Paul Winter Consort 
somehow managed to create nearly the perfect concert . 

fhe crowd in the gym was not your average concert crowd. For 
one thing, it wasn't that crowded, and everyone seemed to have 
considerably more breathing room. The stage looked like a jungle of 
musical instruments with percussion dominating the stage. Tim-
pani, several sets of traps, Brazilian drums, and an assortment of 
exotic percussion pieces hung from wooden tripods, all under the 
banners of the Whole Earth flag and The W inter Consort banner 
stage right and left respectively . 

The first surprise was an unannounced opening act. Matrix, from 
Riverside, California I'm very sceptical of unannounced openers, 
as they usually represent the promoters insecurity with the length of 
the concert, and are thrown in only to pad things out. 

Not so in this case. Matrix proved to be an excellent young jazz 
band. Their ranks looked rather dwarfed in the center of Winter'S 
forest of instruments, but their music comfortably filled the gym 
with tunes like"Post Mortem Strut" and " 1000 Amoeba" (sounds as 
if they should sound like Black Sabbath somehow) . 

Their sound was that of progressive jazz, lying in that com-
fortable listening range before hard-core Mahavishnu/ Chick 
Corea progressives. They started off a bit tentatively, but by the 
middle of their hour-long set, they began to gain some musical 
confidence and the solos.began to have more bite to them . 

The music more than made up for their obvious lack of stage 
presence, and the crowd responded warmly to theill . A few ex-
cellent integrated synthesizer so los, and an outstanding kalimba 
passage illustrated the band as one with great potential. A well 
chosen opening act. 

An intermission followed for a change of seating, and then the 
Paul Winter Consort made its appearance. Basicany standing five 
strong, they opened with their well·known " Icarus" theme, and 
proceeded to captivate the crowd throughout the evening. 

The thing that made the consort so captivating was its ability to 
break down and divide into sub-consorts. Sometimes all five would 
play, drawing their music from sources ranging from ClaSSical, te,> 
Gregorian chants, BraLillian folk, Eastern M editative, and popular 

jazz, and sometimes the consort would divide into smaller groups, 
solos, duets, trios, whatever. 

The number of outstanding solos that took place that night is 
beyond accounting. Incredible percussion work, both soloing on 
timpani and brazillian drums, and an improvisatory percussion duet 
which drew the first of the nights many standing ovations, 
dominated much of the music. 

The utterly staggering cello work by cellist David Darling (whose 
dour facial expression throughout the evening was representative 
of the incredible toncentration of the entire consort), brought a life 
to the instrument I've never heard before. 

And the warm, mellow presence of Paul Winter, making his 
soprano sax sing sweeter and more melodically than one might 
expect even from a finely bowed string section, weaved in and out 
of it all. 

The concert was a warm intimate experience. Winter would 
explain each piece, and the sense of communication that went 
between each musician as they played and improvised collectively 
was so strong that you could sense it in the audience. I n order to 
keep from fatiguing the audience, a second interm ission was of- ' 
fered, and Winter said he wished he had "2000 pounds of free 
watermelon" to share with the audience. . 

~nd that was what the evening was all about; a sharing, between 
musicians, between audience and music. There was little familiarity 
in most of the music that was played to those who listened, but 
everyone was bent on every note .. The sound system was 
magnificent, at the most pleasant concert volume I've ever heard 
and the rapport with which the audience was invited to chant along 
on meditative strains of the whole earth chant was an intimacy 
seldom attained in a concert-hall experience. 

ihe variety in the music, ranging from nearly sacred, to 12-bar 
blues between cello and pipe organ with percussion adding sexual 
innuendos, along with the incredible vibrations from the musicians 
themselves, created what could really be called the near-perfect 

.concert. 
I'm generally very critical about the success achieved in concerts, 

but after the fastest four hours of concert I've ever known, this 
concert really gets 100 on a 1-100 scale. As the crowds left the 
closing strains of " Icarus" (repeated for a second encore), and left 
the gym howling the wolf cries from the whole earth meditation 
we'd been brought through, I was aware that this had been amongst 
the finest concerts I'd attended. 

Finally the visitor is led to 
consider the photographs of her 
performance pieces. Once again I 
emphasize the value of the 
exhibition catalogue. These two 
(the photos and the catalogue) 
supplement each other in an 
effort to recreate the experience 
that only the few that were there 
received. 

If you found this combination 
inadequate, Barbara will be 
presenting a performance (live, 
no less) on November 21, at 8 pm 
in the gallery. There have been a 
variety of reactions to her per-
formances in the past, and in our 
conversation, she said that she 
was aware that some of these 
experiences have been upsetting 
to some people. Although it 
would be impossible to avoid the 
inclusion of old themes in her 
upcoming happening, she plans 
to make a concerted effort to 
project more from herself and 
draw less on the audience. 

In all, she revealed herself 
(through her works and con-
versation) as possessing a sen-
sitive concern for the viewer's 
experience. Contrary to some 
people's opinion of contemporary 
art, Smith is not trying to 'get 
away' with anything; rather, 
Barbara, in all her personal and 
artistic magnanimity, is trying · to 
give. 

ACADEMIC 
BESEARCH : 
:LIBRARY 

NEW 
LOCATION 

~HRISTMAS ~HARTERS 
EUROPE: -395.00 

NEW YORK.: -.19.00 
(Spaee Stili Available) 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Serd for your up-ta·date, 
17t ·page, mail order catalog 
of a500 topics. Enclose 
$1.:xJ tv cover postage (1 ·2 

da~s delivery time' . 
519.GLENROCK AVE. 

SUITE '203 
LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 

Our malenals are sold for 
reward, purpows onlV 

Pale (, Triton Times November lS, 1974 

C ·OL·LEGE STUDENT 

OSIIS 
INSURANCE SERVICE 
5187 COLLEGE AVE· 583·'3CJ3 

2Oct.YI 
#1214 
Dec. 14Lo5 Angeles/Pari. TIA DC'" 
Jan. 2 Paris/l.o5 Anseles TIA DC'" 

21 days 
#1213 
Dec. 13 los Anaeles/New York TIA DC .. 
Jan. 2 New YOIIl/lOlAnp!es TIA DC .. 

Forall student and University 
travel needs contad: 
Student Services west 452-4»JO 
UCSD Inte~tlonal Center 
101m to 3:10pm Mon, Wed, Fri only 

Avait.ble only to UCSD Itudenls, faculty, 
st.H and their ImmedUte ' .... IUes. 

UC Data Program: To Chart Public Opinion 
A unique propam focusing on 

state and other sub-nafional 
public opinion, governmental 
institutions, social patterns, and 
political processes has expanded 
to link seven ampuses of the 
University of California. 

Called the UC State Data 
Program, it is now available for 
research and teachin8 on a 
university-wide basis. 

The prolP'~ collects and 
makes available primarily 
computerized information on 
what people think about public 
issues, government oHicials, and 
political leaders as well as 
characteristics of issues and 
institutions over long periods of 
time. 

largest of its kind anywhere, 
the program provides an un-
matched resource for students, 
faculty, and classes-and for 
persons from outside the U.c. 
community who can make use of 
the services for a nomical charge. 

Established in a federated 
pattern with a central facility at 

Berkeley, the program em- Albert H. Bowker of Berkeley. 
phasizes open access and 
cooperative development of its 
materials. 

By providing a means for 
scholars to voluntarily share 
resources in their projects with 
the sever,,1 campuses, the 
program promises substantial 
benefits for development of 
knowledge in critical policy areas 
as well as savings in money and 
time oVe! an uncoordinated 
approach (where projects would 
often unknowingly overlap). 

Aided initially by a UcaRegents' 
innovative course development 
grant, the State Data Program was 
begun at Berkeley six years ago by 
Professor William Bicker of 
political science . 

Located in the Institute of 
Governmental Studies, . it has 
continued to grow and has been 
aided recently by Regents' op-
portunity funds. 

Related units on other cam-
puses Include the Institute of 
Social Science Research at UClA; 
the Public Policy Research 
Organization at Irvine; the Polis 
laboratory at Santa Barbara; the · 
Social Science Data Service and 
Department of Political Science 
at Davis; and Departments of 
Sociology at Riverside and Santa 
Cruz . 

Much of the data already held 
by the program concerns 
California, but other major 
segments include state, city, and 
regional data covering the entire 
nation . 

For scholars in several fields, 
the data make possible a variety 
of social science studies . For 
example, a study can examine 
how public attitudes relate to 
changing social and political 
patterns--and from this gain new 
insight into the dynamics of 
problem-solving in a democratic 
federated society. 

Expansion into a university-
wide program has been supported A core resource in the program 
and encouraged by Chancellor is the full collection of data from 

the highly regarded California 
Poll, which is conducted initially 
for news media by the Field 
Research Corporation. Made 
available by Field after elections 
and other major events, ' the data 
covers voter preference trends on 
candidates and ballot issues 
along with opinion samples on 

score~ of issues such as busing, 
crime, welfare, gun control, 
obscenity, taxes, and inflation. 

Among other program 
resources: special surveys on 
criminal justice, education, Los 
Angeles mayoral races, and 
national convention delegates; a 
detailed statistical analysis of the 
political, economic, and social 
characteristics of California by 
census tracts; registration and 
voting records; and legislative roll 
call votes. 

Direction for the program is 
provided by a policy board with 
Professor Bicker as chairman. 
Other members include 
Professors Edmond Costantini 
(Davis), Kenneth Kraemer (Ir-
vine), Howard Freeman (UCLA), 
David Sears (UCLA), Marshall 
Meyer (RiverSide), Roger 

Davidson (Santa Barbara), and 
Robert Alford (Santa CrULl, as 
well as Field Corp . President 
Mervin D. Field and hecutive 
Vice President N Robert Heyer 
and Berkeley ' s Chancellor 
Bowker . 

Most of the data in the program 
is stored on computer tapes or 
other machine readable form 

A general catalog along With 
codebooks, abstracts, and other 
materials are available at each 
campus to aid users in locating 
data they need . 

One objective of the program, 
according to Bicker, has been to 
"demystify" data so that even 
beginning students can undertake 
its use and move into projects of 
their own design. 

Those interested in par-
ticipating in the seven-campus 
venture (by contributing data to 
the program's expanding holdings 
or using existing resources) may 
apply through any of the campus 
participants or at the central 
facility, Room 109, Moses Hall . 
UC Berkeley. 

-THERE'S A NEW RULE OF THUMB 
FOR WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS. 

AMTRAK. 

lnstt:ad of tanding on a highway, catching 
the breeze as the cars pass you by at 55 mph, 
you could be catching our cat Amtrak may not 
be as cheap as hitching. But for the little 
money YOll spend, you get a lot more in return. 

Nowhere else but on an Amtrak train do 
you get so mllch room along the way. 
We give you the biggest seat in travel. With 
more space around it, too. 

From our picture windows, we give you 
the kind of close-up view of America you 
can't get from highways and cloudbanks. 

You can get a different poi nt of view, 
too, from the people you meet 
on the train. Since there are no seat helts 
to hold you back on Amtrnk, 
you can roam the train from car to cat 
Maybe grab something to drink 
at the snack bar or lounge car. And 
the prices are reasonable, w( l. 

On cross-country trips, you can stop off along 
the way anywhere you like. Then 

board another train later with 
the same ticket 

But for the time you're with LIS, 
you'll find the Amtrak train 
a whole different trip. Because 
we not only get you to where 

you're going, we take you away from 
the problems of a ir pollution, 

energy crisis and inflation. Maybe 
that's why on trains people act more 

like friends than strangers. 
On your next trip, come together with 

your friends on Amtrak. Arrdrak.1-
Save America's Energy. Save Your Ene~y. 

Ride the Train. 

,qe 7 Triton Times November 15, 1974 



r=::t'============================ what's happening=='I 
! to 
'mee Ings 

(he Tf Were-mine 800Iety wIM 
mMt and .".., Ttlura In BIB 
IM.dl" . Icllooll 1214-1' from , . 
Mldnl.ht. "-omara welco_ to 
UCID' . only hlatorlcal enII.htenm.nt 
aoc\ety. 111 /131 

Int.rc oll •• lat. Oolf t.am will b. 
hoIdIntI their flm m .... ntI for die YMr 
next Friday. November 11 •• t 4:. p.m. 
In die Phnic:aI Education C .. _oom. 
P..... be ..... If YOU plan to par· 
tlclpate on the !Mm. (11 /1., 
A.A.S.A. mMtlntl·Ttlura 11/14 .t 7:00 
p.m. In the Blak. Hall Com. "m. 
Dlacu.eion on trip to Delano. C.. .nd 
other ."enta. Aaian .nd all InterNted 
atudenta·CHECK IT OUTII1"'31 

UCSD Outln, Clu"'" /1"':'" p.m.·2D 
2210. WI" complete plane for •• d 
tourlne. winter mountal~ng tripe 
.nd McKinley Expedition. 

American Folk loclety·ll/l,...,1 p.m.· 
"ee. Cant. "m. 
Ch •• rl.ader.· 11 / 14·7·10 p . m .· North 
Balcony 

Pap B.nd·ll / l .. 7:30-.: .... ee. Oym "m 
2D (11 /131 

T .. IDENT CHRISTIAN FEL1.0WSHIP 
mHta Wed. 11 /13.t 7:. In the .. .".1 .. 
:~;';; .. Lounge., Ev.ryone welcomel 

~tud.nt Lobby me.tlng Thur.d.y 
(11 1141 In Student Aff. lr. office 
(located 2nd floor .tud.nt centerl . 
L •• ,n .bout Inte,n progr.m In 
S.cramentol 111 / 131 

for sale 
' ick.t to 11 /18 night perform.nc. of 
count,., wif.will pay doubl • . C.II P.ula 
462·.,1 111/ 1111 
Glb. on Lee P.ul cullom & f.nder 
precl.i o n b.... B •• t offar· mull 
.. c, ltlc • . Both .uitars arl brend n.w 
(117.1. In mint condition. C.II 463·7IilIi. 
(1 1/ 15' 
S KIS·Fiacher GI... G.T.. . 20Ii cm 
BRAND NEW: w ill tr.d. for compa"bl. 
b ra nd or • • 11 .t b .. t offer. B .. AD 46J. 
7fiIf1 (11 /131 
AKAI CR ·80 .Ight trac k 
pl • .,er/ record.r. ..c.lI.nt c ondit ion 
plu. 40 good recorded .Ibum • . • ,211 0' 
best offer. Ph. 'D4·'1IW7 .v.nlng • . (11/15' 
Terrify a nd . maz • .,our frl.nd. 2 .to,., 
BEEHIVE fo, • • 1. tlO ph. 716-7130. 
(11 /131 
FO.. S ALE: BMW·'I . Br.nd ".w 
Michelin •• nd .hock .b. ob.,. (Konl., 
K •• p t,., ln.; ....... (111131 
Fo r • • 1. : 1. Ford Cortina GT 1it.000 
m il • • • 4 . p •• d Rune •• c.lI.nt. MID.OO 
x3064 or 275-1_ (11/151 
Fow Sal.·1917 ALFA ROMEO SPVDt:H. 

! EXc.lI.nt Cond ition Great MII •• ge 
X4l2Ii. 4Il ·1l82 (11 /131 

JORDON J ll0 amp, 12" . p •• ker. 
reverb. t , . m.lo. b . ... t rebl .... Call 
P.t. at 4Ii2..aa31i (11/15' 
For Sel.: medium size wetlult 15'6"·5'9" 
p.reonl 'A" greet c on dition full 
w .tauit $40 Or off.r MO n.w; call Phil. 
463·2386 " ' /13) 
1968 VW CAMPER. Bel t offer. Call 
MIKE at X325I or 481 ·9584. (11 / 15' 
For II le' Duk and chair .xc cond: 
$20.00. Ca ll Iv.nln •• 463-9488 (11 /131 

ZEUS PRO NEW . R.ynoldl 531 Gran 
Compl! Brks. Shimano Fg • . Tps list 
over $400 $360? 755"-;1 111 / 131 

71 T"umph bike low m, .150 M.miy. 
1000 OTl camere .,25 12' lt"ng ven 
lure t95 75 230mm zoom I. n. pent. K 
m t *95 . A ll In u c. llent c ond it ion 
n7J6i15 lIe"ing. (11 /131 

For S. I VW SQ Back '71 ".600. Honda 
750 8 : 11 $900. both .ood cond ition. 
122 3; 7) 111 / 15' 

personals 
A • • rl am lng coml' ec,o" the 
aky 111/ 13' 

Kim' Than,. for da cook I.. Af 
f.c ti Jnllt.ly o. Boy. (111131 

C G. out thru the night .nd the 
w hl.perlng b'H' .. to the pl.c. w h. ,. 
w. c.n w.tch the l ub marlne rac . . .. -
DO B. 11 1/13' 

Pinto777GGP A million end on. Pad,. 
f. na I w •• thef. too but I dld ,,' t . ee 
you. A".I. A. Bull (11 / 131 

D. al Hum.nltl .. Libra,.,. P ..... forg lv. 
m.1 I Ittll 10'1' you. I mlea ou, brick to 
fI .. h tel'" K.yc ... 111/ 131 

I .A.T.C.H. at .. ...... lMIe Oonf 
R_ltudent c...ter. Gu.! ..... k: 
John Oarcla to ..... k on Medical 
School In G ........... Mealco. (111131 
Women'. Center community meedntl: 
Ttlureday Nov. 14 I p.m. All wOt'llen 
welcom • . (111111 
Thera will be • m .... ng of the D_bled 
Student. Committe. Thurtd.y. 
November 14th .t 10:00 • . m. In the 
Referenc. Confer_e "oom of the 
Central Library. All Incernted .tudenta 
pa-e en.nd. (111131 

STUDENT LOBBV ANNEX will meet in 
the HCond floor .tudent organlzetion. 
conf.,enc. ,oom .t 4:. Thuraday. 
(11 / 131 

HOASEBACKRIDING CLlIB .. The,e will 
b •• m •• tin. Thura .. Nov. 14. .t 4:00 
p.m. in the Rec. Gym Conf.r.nc. room. 
to pl.n Our n •• t rid • . 111 / 131 

Int.,coll •• lat. Track & FI.ld Teem 
MH ting w ill be held on Thursdey. Nov. 
1.. .. 7-00 p.m. in the Phy.ic.' 
Edu c.tion CI ... room. M.in G.,m All 
,nt.r .. t.d . tud.nt •• ,. w.lcom • . 
' 11 /131 

notices 
... ALE G .. ADUATE SCHOOL TO SEND 
.. EPRESENTATIVE. Conrado A,egon of 

,..V.le University will be on c.mpu. thla 
Friday. Nov. 111. In order to mHt with 
.tud.nt • . H. I. eapeclally Inter .. t.d In 
recruiting Chlcanoa to V.... Nov. 111. 
1174 • • 11 day. 313 Q . Huta (M.nh_ 
C.mpu.1 Third Col ...... Tel. Ex. 2131. 
Spon.ored b., Chicano Studl .. 111/1111 

Wom.n·. Center·ThI. Wednead.y .t 
noon our gu .. t will be Moira "oth from 
the VI.u.' Art. Dept. (11 / 131 

Fr.nk N. Furt." D.mmlt. I lov. you. not 
Bredl (Old .,ou Ilk. the cookl .. l1 (11 / 131 

Pe.gy·l' m not .fr.ld of b.lng .tun • . I 
.ot over th.t • long tim •• go. Scorpion 
" 1/ 13' 

A fly ln. rebblt .nter.d •• gl. n .. tI 
do.gedl., w ith H.c.t.·. ord.ra. T.n 
A.amemnon killer .. gl ... trlved . nd 
d ied flY\llg .top ne.t. to . cqulre great 
• • g. only fI.tt.nln. orb. nHdl ... ly. 
E.gl.. In.n.ly .tamp.d nln. oth.,. 
fi.htlng ruthl • • • ly in •• toiling n •• dl . .. 
de. th • . B.W. (11 /131 

To my thr.e voluptuou. room m. t • • In 
. p t. A: Bounc . your boobl •• 1 Lov • • Tiny 
(11 /13' 

A li near c ongr.g.tlon know. no 
bound • . It c.n b. IImltln • . Therefore 
.rbltra,., decl. lona ara unnac .... ,.,. 
(11 /131 

"ocky·Do you glv. frea 1 ... on.7 B.rb 
111 /131 

Rock y·Your p.raonel. hev. gott.n 
I h.fted for two day. .tr.lght now. 
Don't glv, up on m. for bureaucr.tlc 
f.l ll ng • . Berb (11/13' 

Sher .. Congretulatlon. on your FIRST 
PLACE In the ral • .,1 I'm proud of you. 
Jol (11 /13' 
Roc ky: Tou r requ • • t.d . C.B . • nd 
fr l.ndl . (C h,I., S teve and AI • • 1. (11 / 13' 

C.ptain Riv.rslde: Pl .... quit w ith t he 
joka •• th • .,· re not funny any more. C().. 
pilot. (11 /131 
B.lla· thlng. Ilk. thi. won't c h. ng. 
ov.rnlght a nd wh.t you want I. only 
,Ig ht. I und.ratand·Mokl (11 /131 

To Blake 321 ·We luv you .. Ke.p thOle 
s hirtl off . nd tho •• drape. op.n· lov • • 
Irl. and Irma . nd A .. oc. (11 /131 

J lm· Bob. Do you h.v • • ny idaa who 
wrote thl.l Suite 231 (11 /131 
To Barbara T .• So yoU Ilk. to re.d the 
p."onal . ... J .T.F. 111 /13' 

.. . wi th your hand. on your hlp • • you 
bring YOU k n • • • In tight.. . (11 /13' 

BARB: I know you can't re.l.t much 
longer. You·v. got t o glv. In .oon. Give 
Upl Rocky. (11 / 13' 

Eria: look I know w het .Id. I'm on. but 
do you know w h.t .Id. your ow n. 
Ll t huenia 111 /131 

G. rms ny It'. tim. to . ttack. Prep.,. 
you reelf fo , a clion. L1thu.nia. (11 / 131 

Kirk. Rob. .nd all oth.,. who er. 
w llltin. b.t.d bre.th for tomorrow: 
Jim (11/131 

C.mlno M. r V,II.·Dld the w.te, work7 
(11 / 131 

VIrgin ne.d.d fo, " crlf,c,.1 vIc t im at 
Ba cc hanall. n o 'gy 11 / 11 S •• AI 2A' 
2M4 or J ohn 211' (11 / 111 

Pdl(t' " T,i'flf1 Till\(,\ I"lIvelllhe, 15, 1974 

TRW SYITEMI GROU .. · • ............... 
ThurI".y and Friday. Nov. , .. ,1. 
... Ing PhD .nd MI In ComPUter 
Sclanc ... Electrical E .... -'ng for 
...-rch .nd dewIapment poeItione. 
Appta. .nd Info at C.~ Planning. 
(11/111 
WOMtN' CONIC.OUINEII RAISINO 
GROUP. Com. 101 .... plora •• here. 
enJOV yourHlf. Wade. ,.. .t Couneellng 
Center on M.tthewa (old Student 
H .. lth, Info: Bacca 412·'" or XlJIIi. 
(11/131 
CAPEl .ra .v.llable .t the CAPE offlc • • 
Lower Muir Common.. 1.1.0' 
."alu.tlona .ra being conducted In 
cla._ thl. wMk·1f .,ou .ra Int_ted 
In m.king .ure diet your cia .. will be 
ev.luated. come by the CAPE offlc. or 
call xa.. (11 / 111 
Poeta. The UCID Poetry Journallnvlt .. 
.,our contrlbutlone. M.t.rlal In .ny 
laneu.g.. dlatect. or form I. being 
con.ldered. Send typewritten poam •• 
with name • • dd,....nd phone #. to 
The Poat,., Journal. code C .... no later 
then Nov. 11. No fnanuacrlpta will be 
raturned. A non-profit org.nlzatlon. 
(11/131 

Th. Third Coli.,. Compo.ltlon 
Program fo, the winter .tud.nta cen 
recelv. d.pt. .tamp In building 402 MC 
"oom #1 . (11 /131 

PRE· LAW STUDENTIIII USC will be 
hOltin. the P.clflc P,.Law Conf.r.nc. 
thl. W.dne.d.y. Nov. 13. Thirty I.w 
• c hool. from .cron the count,., (in· 
cludlng four Iv., Leagu.' will b. 
repr ... nted. Mor. info .t Stud.nt Info 
C.nt.,. 4112..-020 or C.rHr PI.nnlng. 
462·37IiO. (11 /131 

PoIl.h Ac.d. of ScI. Covvbov. m.k. 
bett.r 10'1." than Poliah .cl.ntl.ta dol 
W.,omlng. (11 /13' 
PolI.h Ac.d. of Sci.: Don' t you ,..11,. 
that Wyoming p,oduc •• mlc. that ere 
much In d.m.nd .11 ov.r the count,., 
fo, .ci.ntlflc ' .... 'ch. b.c.u •• of th.ir 
high Intelli •• nc.7 Wyomln. 111 / 131 

To .11 tho •• P.ople who w •• r " Go cllm 
• Roc k" .hlrtl. If you' re not Into 
mount.lne.rlng. take th.m off. the 
Mountain M.n. (11 / 131 

Calif. Glrl·Thl. ha. to be the dl ••••• fof 
you •• nd I don' t m •• n my c oldl·D.D.B. 
(11 / 131 
D.D.B. It'. luat you .nd me (oh ye.h. 
YOU, ,oom.t. tooll (demnl I 10'1' you. 
The C.llfornl. girl (11 /131 

J.ff P.rson ... ta yellow .now. (11 / 131 

L .nd N.W.·W. plead ..... por.,., In-
.. nlty and too much beer.·T . • nd 
Rott.n P .. ch .. (11/13' 
JP: It'. a day •• rIy. but H.ppy Blr· 
thdaylll JJ (11 /131 
Muir'. Bugl. Boy .. BeI mlr bl.t Du 
.h.ne m .. n. I think youra gr.nd ... · 
Sc.rl.n (11 /131 

EAK· Nobod., r •• lly ev.n car •• thet you 
le.v. the be. t . Ingl. In the do,m. 
empty contlnu.II.,. The troubleaom. 
twOlom. 1111131 

ELiZABETH· ln honor of your blrthd.y. 
I' ll let you kHP your h.nd on m., I.g .. 
long • • you w.nt. SCOOT (11 / 131 

BETS·Merln County I. d.flnit.ly the 
b •• t ; . nd bo., do w. know It I (.Ign.d, 
M.,in lt.. and M.rlnlt • • ·.t· H •• rt 
" ' / 131 

SPORTSWRITE .. · Ju.t k.ap r.c lng 
th,ough the t ,ack of IIf • . H.ppy B·day. 
BILL (11 / 131 

Ponc ho Pig. on . 11: Only ,. mo" d.YI 
of tba t keyl 

EAK We w. n t on • valou, coll.ctlng 
ml •• lon fo, you, blrthd.y but 
Roudebulh wouldn't glv. u. hi • . ~.IPPY 
Blrthd.y anyw.y. yOU' budd Ie • . (111131 

Chuc kl • • . EI Laub. CM •• .,. Donnl. & 
Scooter·How .bout 10m. midnight 
vl.ita to u.7 17W. M. & A 111 /13' 

Not ice: lha • • ad. w." not run b.fo" 
due to lack of . p.c • . Sor,., If It c.u.ed 
an-, h •• rtec h .. 1 (11 / 131 

housing 
Del M.t dup". 'It bill f,om bch·2 f.m 
studanta b., J.n. 1. tIl/month. C.II.,. 
1137 'f t.r 6. (11 1111 

Two .uY' need M or F to .he,. 3 Bft 
....owceee duple .. In D.M. 1 blk from 

~h. './ mo. JII.4DI or 412-4031 
(111111 

110 CIIHI CI ..... . .... ·T ....... 1-1. 7· 
•• Fit. J.I. ........... MuIr ~ 
111/271 

lectures 
All.,. Invited to .ttend .n Introducto,., 
lecture on T~ Meditation 
on Wed. Nov. 13 In Ravelle Informal 
Lou,,".t noon .nd 7:. p.m. For ,nfo 
call Joa RI.ker.t .... or ~114O. 
(11 /131 
L .. rnlng for Ita Own .. k.A wHkly 
Inform.1 c .... In baeIc J_ieh cone ... ta 
will mHt .galn Wed. Nov. 13 .t 7:30 
upetalrs In the Itudent C.nt.,. The 
topic will be KAIHAUT .. koeher .. _ . 
The cl... I. taught by R.bbl J.cob 
Kranz. 111/131 

ZIONISM: NATIONAlllBEAATION OR 
NEO-COLONIAL· IAM7 Thurada.,. Nov. 
14 P,of_r V. a.bllr. of the UCLA 
departm.nt of N .. r E_tern Lang ....... 
will .peak on "TherContribution of N .. , 
E •• t.rn J_leh Communltlee. Zioniam. 
.nd JMII.h A."lval In lareaI." Meet 7:. 
In the c ... ,,_ nellt to die HL Aud. 
(11 /13' 
ZION 11M AND NEAR·EASTERN JEWI. 
Prof_or Vane leber of UCLA will be 
lpeaklng on Thu, .. Nov. 14. H. will talk 
on the contribution of near ••• t.rn 
J_ to Zlonl.m .nd the rebuilding of 
,,, .. 1. 7:. p.m. In 1141 HL. .nd I. 
.pon.ored by the Union of J.wl.h 
Student • . 111/13' 

Dept. of Economic. lamlner. FrI. . Nov. 
15. 3:00 P.M. In the Conf.,.nc. Aoom. 
H/ L 3211· P,of . Mlch.el Sp.nce . 
"Televl.lon Progr.mmln •••• n Ap-
pllc.tlon of the Theory of P,oduct 
Seleetlon Under Monopoll.tlc Com· 
petition" 111/161 

F.m.l. rm.t. needed for 0.1 M.r 
Itudlo beg 12/1. en 'ncludn utilitlaa. 
PrIv.c." beachftont. furnlahad. PI .... 
call W.nda 7IIi-I3JI. (11 / 1111 
FURNISHED LIKE NEW. STUDIO APT A 
FEW STEPS F .. OM BEACH. 'l1l1.C)O.. 
'147.150. • PI • .,. d.I Sur ...... 
(p11 /13' 
APT NEEDED n .. r UCSD for vl.ltlng 
.dulta. ,2/2 .. , /4 462~' b., S.t. (11 / 1111 
0.1 Mar: .,our own room in hou •• 
w / mu sic .raduat. etud.nt. Wood 
floorl . front .nd b.ck y.rd. J2I 8th St. 
(11/151 
large luxu,loul 3 b,. 3 b.. Con 
dominium Firepl.c • . lerg. p.tlo. 2 CIf 
." ... $. 4Ii2 21l1i . !iIO.Q42. (11 / 151 
F rmt. fo,'erg hi • . in D.M. 2 rms. op. n 
now $50 & $60. Call 7!iIi 1423. (11 /131 

For R.nt : Four b.droom. Mi" M .... 
Furnl.h.d •• per month plu. utiliti ••. 
No l .... required . Includ.. u.. of 
swimming pool. th.rapy pool .nd 
Recreat ion ar ••. c.rpo,t. Children 
w.'com • . AI.o .uitebla for two coupl •• 
to Ih.re rent . T.I.phon. Hugh 0' Nikk i 
Rign.y .nytim •• t liII.o3tl . Avall.bl. 
D.c. 1s t. IP11 / 16' 

wanted 
5.11 m. your Junk .kla. St.f.n ..... ..:1 
(11 /161 
WANTED TO BUV: Wood dln.tta w ith 
ch.l" Ind an ov.ratuffed ••• ., ch.lr. 
Each .bout ••. c.n chrl.. 753"-' 
(11 /16' 
Want.d: A Sc hwinn 0' Huff., Stln.r.y. 
$20·267 Ca ll p.t.r at 462·11i44 (11 /201 

NEE D EXTRA CASH? P.yln. Top Doll" 
for your U.S . Silver COins Mirlt.d 
before 1964. K.n 4112·9325. 'p 1/81 

° services 
Wom.nc. · I: , Info & "ferr.l. pregn.nc., 
ta.lI. birth control • • bortion • • p,.·n.tel 
care. 10&0 G.,net .... 7ie, (11/27' 

TYPIST. F •• t . 46c.n" per p •••. Can 
463.t272. (11 / 131 

W. nt to und."tand your .. 1f b.n.r? 
A. trolog., work.hop .t.rtI . oon . • . 
0631 0' 5416-0311 . (p 11 / 131 

TYPING MARILVN would Ilk. to type 
your p.p.,. theal.. atc. Sh. I. ... 
p.,"nc.d on .11 typee of p.pers. , •• t . 
r ... on.bl •• nd h\a .n 'BM. P ..... c.1I 
h.r at _ 7080. (pd 11/13' 
TYPtlTS' ,8M. Term P.para. ....... 
d .... ".tlone. .tc. Edltln./AUIH Joe· 
I / X.,ox. "ndl: . ·1207 It 110·7141 
IP11 I 111 

r.,m P.p.,.' C.neda·. I.rg .. , .. rYlc • . 
F<!, catalogu ... ncl tz to: b .. y ler· 
vic.. . 17 lpedlne 1.'1... No. _ 
Toronto. Ontario. C ...... (N/II 

DATIUN STUDENT DfICOUNTS .11 
mod.l • • v.l .. ble call M, F ..... 212-
21. Ipl / 1l1 

Wednead1ty. ,._ber 11. 1174. 1:00 
p.m.; AOOIII ' nIM. U.ey HaN. Dr. M . 
Oranger Moreen. Vlaltintl "-late 
Phyalcill. Brookh.v.n National 
Laboratory. A_nt of the BIo-
Medical .nd Envtronmental Effeeta of 
Energy: A ltatue "aport on Work .t 
B"okh.v.n· ·N.tlon.1 L.bo,atory . 
(11 / 131 

On Nov.mber 13th II .00. J.m • • 
l.ughlin w ill ,..d hi. poet,., .Ion. w ith 
D. v,d Antin Th. ".dlng will b. held in 
A. ".II. ·. Fo,m.1 Loung •• nd i. free .nd 
op.n to th. public (11 / 131 

films 
AMES film HrIn Thura. Nov. 14 12:00 
USB 2122 Vorttclty. P.t.l (11/131 

Citi,.n Kiln • . 7:. & 10:00 Thurs. Nov. 
14. USB 2722. 71 c.nt • . Pr ... by Thu,· 
.d • ., Nit. Film Socl.ty. 111 / 131 

music 
Ph.lp •• nd M.rt.1 will b. p.rforming .t 
the Rev.lI. Coffee Hou ••. Thu"d.y 
Nov 14. 9 pm . f" • . (11 / 131 

Tlftnn.ny. off." the m.llow·y.llow 
dulcime, .nd guit.r sound. 01 Kath, 
. nd David Cow.n. No". 15. 9 11 p m 
Fre. at 6980 l.Jolll Blvd 'Pll / 1S1 

dances 
Spend thl. Friday night .t the AeC". Gym 
d.nclng to the b .. t of • v.ry hot S.n 
Fr.n. bend. D.nc •• poneored by IUrf 
club. (11 /131 

lost and found 
I 100t my .,.lIow Anthro notebook In 
U.S .B. 2722. P..... return to Triton 
TImn. Debbl. Poore (11 /131 

C.lculator thl.f (from U,.y H,II 
computer canter . Tu.ll ... 11 p.m.l w • 
now hev •• wlt_ who knOWl you. 
R.tu,n calc. to n offlc. or call m •• t 
22Z·I7II.nd the,.·11 be no he ..... Doug. 
(11 / 13' 

LOIt: Srb & Ow,n. O.n.ral G.n.tlc. 
book In ".v.'1e Snack B.r MOnday 
morning. PI.... return to Ma,., Lou. 
111 /131 
To the one who took my car c .... n. 
deek Ia., wknd I give It to YOU but P..... re'um tapea. C.II 412·_ . 
111 / 131 
Whoever " borrowed" the popcorn 

pop~ and fondue pot from D.na H.II. 
PI_. return. no 7 • . 111/131 
LOIT: A red penalty , .... PI_ return 
to 1M office or PE cage. White .lItchl", 
with ov.,·I.pplng T.nd S. (11/131 
Found: Oreen Notebook for M.m. , 
mal"n Blo. Id.ntify .nd pick up .t 
Pr.m.d offlc • . 20 Muir. (11/131 
PI .... retu,n m_ ring left In m.n. rm 
Muir Common. I •• t Tu.. (Nov. 111 
A.w.rd call C·.,.. A.k for M.n. 
(11/13' 
LOIt • grHnl.h type tourquol.. and 
.lIver ring n.ar craft c.nt.,. R.ward: 
D.vld .... 1111 111/13' 

W.II.t Itol_n Sun. fro' n M.n·. lock., 
,oom. Keep mone., and return to TT 
offlc • . No Qu .. tlon. a.ked. (11 / 131 

LOST: CANVAS beg w/ 4 bookl. 
.ev.,.1 notebook.. If found pi .... 
1 .. '1. w/ Blo Dept or call N.omI 4li2.J4IM 
0, ..... 7731. 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE with 
Cher Tou" on Pin Am lA d.p.rturll 
RESERVATIONS' TGT 7116 Sky Perk 
aw DO. I""ne. C.. 71 ..... 7011. 
..... 

EUROPE ISRAEl·AF"ICA Stud.nt 
fIIghtl .11 y •• r round CONTACT: ISCA 
lOll Unlv.,.lt., Ava . • 11 S.n 01,,0. 
C.llf alll1 TEL 17141 217·3010 (2131121 
_ lP11 /27' 

EUROPE. ISRAEL & ORIENT. Low COl' 
. tudent fIIghta all '1_ round. A.I.S.T. 
1431 I . La CI.n ••• Blvd. Loa lone ..... 
toDlI (7141 Ii44-IDl or (21'1 112·2727 
(P11 /27, 

ISW Trev.1 Office . ON CAMPUS • 
EUROPE ft NV Cha,ten UCID Int'! 
C.nter 412 ... 10·' :. M.W.F.ONLV 
( .. 11 /271 

car pools 
HAVE CAR·WILL CAAPOOLI I 1Iv. In 
L_an Orev. To ....... Winter QuetW. 

~ call -.11,.. ("1111 


