
Marcuse Will Headline Conference 
On Economy with Schiller, Sherman 

by James G. Solo 
Noted UCSD philosophy 

professor emeritus Herbert 
Marcuse will highl ight a list of 
noted radicals scheduled to 
speak at a teach-in on the 
American economy here 
tomorrow. 

The teach -in, entitled-
" American Capitalism : Win or 
What, " will be a critical 
examination of the American 
economy. According to its 
sponsors, the Ad Hoc Com-
mittee of Concerned Students 
and Fa ulty and the Ad Hoc 
Committee for National Teach-
ins on the Economic Crisis of 
Monopoly Capitalism, the 
teach-in will focus on the nature 
of the economi CrISIS in 
America, its international 
aspects, and its causes. 

Schille r and Sherman 
In addition to Marcuse, UCSD 

Co mmunication s professor 
Herbert Schiller and UC 
Riverside e onomi cs professor 
Howard Sh rman will speak at 
the teach-in . S hiller is the 
au thor of " Mass Com-

Volume 23, Number 26 

Herbert Marcuse 
munications and the American 
Empire" and "The Mind 
Managers " . Sherman is a 
memb r of the Union for 
Radi ca l Political Economy and 
is on the editorial board of that 
organization . He is also the 
author of "Radi ca l Politica l 
Economi s." and " Profits in the 
U.S." 

The concept of this teach-i n 
and simil.ar ones throughout the 
ountry to discuss radi ca l 

economics cam about in the 
.wake of the economic summit 

onference held in Washington 
arlier this year The Union of 

Radical Politi al Economy 
believes that the programs 
initiated by the Ford ad-
ministration will not so lve the 
current economic crisis . They 
ol')tend that "the solution to 

the current cri sis requires a 
fundamental restructuring of 
our e onomic system-an end to 
monopoly capi tali sm. 

The teach:in will be held 
tomorrow night at 8 pm . in the 
Reve lle afeteria . The 
presentation is free and open to 
the public. 

Marcuse, mentor of Angela 
Davis, who took her doctorate 
in philosophy here, was the 
object of animOSity from the 
Board of R gents in 1969 and 
1970 because of his Marxist 
beliefs and writings. He retired 
following a confrontation ir. 
1970 · 

UCSD 

Panel .Meets at UCSB 
To Start President Search 

A seven-member Regent committee Tet qui tl y at Santa Barbara last 
Friday to b gin delib rat ions on a successor to outgoing UC Pr sid nt 
Chari sHit h . Larry Miles, a student and chairman of th UC Student 
Body President's Council, was asked to sit In 

I he UCSB meeting was the panel's ~irst since It was formed two and 
a half weeks ago by Regent chairman William French Smith Smith 
hopes that the cO.mmittee will be able to recommend a successor by 
next March . 

Hitch announced his retirement at last month's Regents meeting. 
ffective th is June. 

Both Governor Reagan and Smith sit as ex offiCIO members of the 
sel ction panel. Hitch declined such membership, saying, " I cio not 
think if appropriate to be directly Involved In the naming of my uc-

essor II 
The seven Regents who make up the speCial committee range from 

some of the most lib ral to the most conservative of the Board '~ 
members . 

Alumni and Friends Fest Planned 
Alumni and friends of UCSD 

will gather on campus thiS 
Sunday for th first official 
alumni event sponsored by th 
UCSD alumni & Friends 

Called "The Get-Together, " the 
program will Include n-
tertainm nt by faculty and 
friends, announcements of new 
programs for the group, refresh-
ments and campus tours of new 

facilities 
Tours will start at the I n-

ternatlOnal Center on the Mat-
thews campus between 1 and 
2 30 p m All other activities will 
start at 3 p m In the International 
C nter 

Hot dogs will be featured on 
th Informal menu planned for 
the occa Ion and entertainment 
will Include musIc by folkSinger 
Sam Hinton 

Wednesday, November 20, 1974 

Coop Constitutes Budget Group 
Wilson Again 
an Diego Mayor Pete 

Wilson, whom some say is a 
senatorial hopefu l for 1976, 
wi II appear for the second time 
this quarter at UCSD. 

He will give an address at 
noon Friday on the Revelle 
Plaza, sponsored by the UCSD 
Republican Youth, a front 
gro up for the Young 
American's for Freedom . 

His first appearance, two 
weeks ago, saw him attend a 
oloqium in the Mandevi lle 

Center at which he listened to 
severa l talks by administrators. 

Head Agrees 
BRG coordinator Rudy Luque 

Many Dissatisfied with SEO Services 
by Hannah Cohen 

Several weeks of discussions 
betwe n the Triton Times and 
students employed by UCSD's 

In one case a student was 
replaced by a full- time person 
who was les qualified and yet 
received 43 cents more per 
hour. 
Student [mploymf>nt Offlcf' have 
Incilcatpd )Ignlflcant 
dl\sati,fa( tlon among pmploy 
With thl:' [ w~tl:'m 

And, ~urprl Ingly, ad-
ministrators at SEO r adi ly admit 
th~ validity of many of the 
(rltlc lsms, but point to ml in-
formation a to th aus of many 
nroblems 

Common View 
"Student employe s are ripped 

off by the Unlver ity," said one 
U D student who ha worked 
for the university for t'lght 
ClUdrtpr 

His view ~(' m Lommon to 
mo t studl'nt~ w(' ~pokt' to 

ludy Manternach to ht'dCI, 
f(,l' l\ tlMt thp ';'aln r 'a\on 
'lllClf'nh fpf·1 I hl ,tlt('r! I' that th,-y. 
.Ind frf'Cful'ntly tlw \'mpIO'jol'1 .In' 

unaware of their rights as student 
employee , although these rights 
are explained in ~everal 
publications put out by Student 
Employment. 

Perhaps th area of greatest 
~tudent f'mploy I' complaint IS 
over th unavailability of 
\acatlon time or ~I(k I('ave 

One (annot earn vacation or 
\Ick leave without wor~ing at 
least 20 hours per week 510 e 
~tudents, e cept in rclr .lse, are 
limit d to 15 hours'pE'r week or a 
maximum of 19 hour per we k 
With perml!> Ion. th y 10 out. 

In addition, students are often 
paid le~s than they would be for 
the ame work if they were non-
student employees. In one cast' a 
student was replaced by a full 

Stude1lts poi"t Ollt that fi"uls 
a"d ",ilite,..",s o"Iy occur Iwe 
per qllarter, a,,1i that i" ",a"y 
cases they hafle to worl 
fJecallse of ",o"etary "eed 
an\,u'av· 
Ilml' IlN\On who wa I ~~ 
qualiilf'd and yt"t H" "I\'ed .; I 

(l'nt~ more pt'r hour 
011lt' turll-nt SdY lh V dr-

supervised by people who are not 
only less qualified than they are, 
but who have no knowledge of 
the ar a the student is working in . 

Oth r times a tudent is 
carrying th same job respon-
sibi lities that a non-student would 
he but their job cia siti atlon and 
title i lower so th y can b payed 
I 

Many who are not in a low 
enough income bracket to be 
eligible for work study but who 
till must work feel 

discn'm",aled against. 

pay for students b(>cau e they feel 
they are under tanding about a 
tudent needm ' time off dUring 

fmal and mid-term to tud 
Also, they feel that they are otten 
lime.. very fl(> ible about a 

~tudent orienting hi work 
,< hedule to hi (Ia~ chedule 

tudent , e~p (Ially (afetena 
work r , pomt ou~ dlat final and 
midterms only O( cur twlte per 
qUclrtf'r. and that In many I ,\ I'~ 
Ilwy h,,\,1' to - \ 'or~ hpI.HI'1' of 
mont'tC:1ry nt'NI .H1Y~ .w 

Continued on PolK" 7 

BRG Will Have Nine Members, 
,Four to Insure 'Balance' 

After a month of haggling and 
confrontation, the Student 
Cooperative has constituted a 
'Budget Resource Group (BRG ) 
that appears to satisify all the 
Coop's divers fac tions. 

With only one student voti ng 
nay, the Coop Monday approved 
an amendment to the Coop's 
constitution ca lling for a nine-
member BRC, with a student 
elected from each college and 
four elected from the Coop at 
large. The BRG coordinator, 
pre ently Rudy Luque, will b the 
ninth member. 

A slightly different ver Ion of 
the approved amendment was 
drafted at an evening me ting last 
Thur day, attended by a 
representative of ever faction 
that had made It view heard 
during thre and a half we k of 
d bate over the makeup of the 
committe 

The propo al written at that 
m ('tmg ailed for a BRG With 
thr membE'r~ ele ted from thp 
Coop rather than four 1 he (oop 
members are IntendE'd to Insurp 
a nondiscriminatory ~el(ual. raCial 
and thnlc balance" on th(' 
lommlttee 

motion pre ented Monday 
proposed eight members, With 
Luque then amending the total to 
nine 

The change from eight to nme 
was made after surpriSingly little 
debate. Montegomery Reed, a 
principal protagonist in effort to 
mstitute quota system , aid that 
the Coop-elected memb rs, In 
ituation where " no Third World 
tudents had been ele t d by the 

colleges," would have to make up 
for too many deficiencle " Ith 
only thre to work with, you're 
bound to leave out om one," he 
add d 

That concept was \upportt'd 
primarily by tudent who felt 
open election for th(' HRG \ ... ould 
produc d an unbalanced 
commltt e raciall, ethnically. 
ana ~e ually ngmal lm!'no 
ment, (allE'd for quotil '>\"'I'm) . 
onl'· of Whll h re,lUlrl'd h .. l u ;"', ___ "':-c. 
I a t 40 P('f( nt ot the RR b 
'people of (olor ' 

It \ a \' rwctl'O thell 
n('~ot atlon~ In th(' ('oop \V ulo 
again be \talled wht'n It wa 
11',lInNI Ih,'t l Uqll , who It'd th 
I hur day n I' 'tin '( 1nI(One-it'd tu 
Ill<lkf Ihl' I han UP 111111\ "I 'hi to 
I1lnt' Ilwmb rs in If .. propo, I 
him"t'lt I iO\\l' er, Ih(' (lfl ~ II),I1 

I n one of the n, l ' tlnl-:\ 0( -
(a\lonal monwnt 01 I('\, i t .. . 
welcome aft r a month f m-
tt'll ity, Da Id d~~ldy offeff'd h" 
'lipporl tor!h ,1m nomenl Iholl 
\\3 findll pa." d • B .( au \' I 
thmk nint' 1\ a b ' l fOr nllmhp," 
than I ht 



Bonehead English,. T.V., ~nd Zappa 
BY HIRAM WALKER 

I write this as a ml'mber of the entire academic 
community at UCSD. as just one of the undergrads, 
T.A's and professors that keep this school from. 
reverting to its primordial concrete. We are. as 
scholars and disinterested grade seekers. com-
mitted to the transmission of knowledge among 
men . To communicate new concepts, fresh in-
sights. sweeping generalizations, bright ideas. or 
{'ven over-worn academic cliches. one must (at 
UCSD. at least) use the English language. This 
language can be beautiful, sometimes e ... en lyrical. 
and is at the very least a highly efficient means of 
conveying abstract concepts. Perhaps its greatest 
charm lies in its adaptability : English is in constant 
change, sweeping new words in from all corners of 
the world. allowing assimilation of ideas with no 
previous "translation" and a flexibility. in 
modification of old terms. to fit new circumstances. 

I was appalled. therefore, to read of the decline 
of freshman English test scores in the UC system. 
An article in the Los Anleles Times. reported that 
more and more freshpeople are being required to 
take ~emedial English courses to rectify congenital 
defects in their writing processes . The problem. it 
seems. is that children these days watch large doses 
of TV instead of reading large volumes of pulp 
magazines and comic books. What we gained in 
forests was lost in literacy with the demise of the 
pulp novel; by the time modern men ant1 women 
reach college age they are unknowing victims of 
the video machines. 

Slid through high school by harried English 
departml'nts, which rarely offer courses in com-
position. the average freshman when confronted 
hy an essay, flounders and drowns among phrases 
and platitudes he or she has garnered through a 
dozen or more years of watching TV . While readers 
of pulp magazines and other such sordid trash 
would at least have the rudiments of language 
down firmly. men and women raised on a literary 
diet ranging from the Flintstones to Mannix are 

. nearly illiterate. 

- ......... -Letters 
Re: Photoessay 

I have just read the most negative and debasing 
report on the UCSD Coop (photoessay. Triton 
Times, Nov.6J conceivable; and it leaves me 
almost. tha: is almost. speechless. 

I am beginning to understand why more students 
do not attend the Coop meetings. Tlw photo-
journalistic impression that I got from that essay 
was one of special interest groups and political 
t'gotists in .constant confrontation. on the verge of 
outright hostilities. Why would anyone want to 
attend a fist fight? 

I really find it hard to believe that this is the case. 
I see the word "cooperation" used over and over, 
with the idea that .this is not taking place. I really 
must question the idea that cooperation means you 
cannot get up and present an argument or propose 
a change. Why should Kirk Robinson ~ok_ at things 
from Montgomery Reed's position? ~e IS 'not Mr. 
Reed! If there were no differences of opinion or 
argumt'nts on the floor level. then there sure ly 
would be no use for any form of government at 
UCSD 

I suggest that you redefine your idea of what the 
Coop mP3ns to the ouside observ r. I propose that 
the nam(' "Coop" omes from "coop rative" and 
not " cooperation." since I feel th former rl'fers 
mort' to thp fact that everyone is on an equal level 
In voting position and parti cipation opportunity. 
not on the fact that as " .. a group of something less 
than 100 students ... " they can "".have their own 
(ollective good in mind when deciding anything." 
1 heir self-imposed responsibility is to have the 
( :> lIectlve good of the Student Body in mind when 
(f'~i ding anything. 

SIN 
3TOF INFL.\TICI NO .. 

Sentences are briet and repetitive. filled with 
platitudes ami malaprops. Tenses are confused with 
clf'pressing regularity, and prose styles in general . 
tend toward the stilted "six o'clock news" style of 
video journalism. 

This struck me last week when a fresh person of 
my acquaintance referred to the Paul Winter 
Consort having ad-libbed several songs during their 
recent performance. While the Consort may well 
have performed several "ad-hoc" compositions. 
they did not "ad-lib" them . Howard Cosell ad-libs 
during football games - Paul Winter improvised sax 
licks. This is a typical malaprop stemming from 
video-English. A very misfortunate one. too. as I 
have not been able to listen to any of that as~uredly 
('xcellent Consort's albums without visions of late 
night television movies-1948 B versions of bad 
situation comedies where the actors samely ad-
libbed their way through nearly non-existent plots. 
To be sure. this memory qUirk IS merely an ec-
centricity of my own. and will doubtless fade with 
time. but the young woman's prose style may be 
irreparably damaged by the video machines. 

We. as ' responsible members of the UCSD 
academic environment and community, must do all 
we can to alleviate this severe problem. To debase 
the English language to the level of the average 
used car video salesman would be to seriously limit 
its communicative capabilities. The fight will be 
difficult. as Frank Zappa once noted: 

I may be vile and penicioul 
But you un't look away 
I make you think I'm delicious 
Wi", the stuff that I Ny 
I am' the best you un let 
Have you aueueci me yen 
I'm the slime oozinl out 
From your TV set. 

Let us all work to rid our language of electronic 
bastardisrT)s . 

I am a commuter student who has never attended 
a Coop meeting so I feel that there is no bias in my 
opinion other than for over-zealous writers who 
may do more harm than good to a group which has 
my respect and hopefully that of other non-
participants. 

MICHAEL LEE McGUIRE 

Turn On Fountain 
In reading Thursday's L.A. Times, I see that the 

fountains have been turned back on at the Civic 
Center Mall and the Music Center. What about our 
own fountain. on the Revelle Plaza?? Some students 
have been here for 2 months already and have not 
seen or heard it in operation . C'mon, let's get it 
turned on again . It used to be a source of pleasure. 
and I'm sure the energy consumed would be 
comparitively small. I don't know who the people 
who could authorize this operation are. but 
somebody out there must know. Let them know 
how we feel. 

TERI NORRIS 

Drin king Age 
As Scott stated in the November 4 issue of TT. "If 

·ei ther Brown or Flournoy cared for the safety of the 
people of the state more than 'they do about 

Continued next column 

triton 
times 

IIIIMcoim A. Smltlt. EtIho, ICIrlr ~ • ....,.. HIler 
JeIttt ....... '-..... ,.,., TN .,.".,. ,.".,. ,.., 

Edwanl E. SI_n • • ......... ~ Cw·.-
John H. T.,ItN. Ch, ,E . .. .H 
.HHr1 fIAoIHh. Cop'f Edlto, 
Milt. IfobhrNn. .11"'" "..". .... 
Urry Det:lrel. Am Editor 

PaRe 2 Triton Times November 20, 1974 

If .... ..." 
o.vHl~. 
MtIrlr M!HtW. 

If Dogs Run Free, .. 
• 

BY SARAH LOWEN 

Prompted by a lack of fondness for dogs, and an annoyance at the 
preponderence of ill-mannered members of this species on campus. I 
decided to investi~ate the dog )ituation on campus. I wanted to find 
out. (1) why some dog owners bring tITeir dogs on campus in violation 
of the regulation prohibiting the presence of dogs on campus and. 
(2). why the campus police haven't enforced the regulation . To those 
who haven't visited Revelle Plaza or Muir Commons lately, let me 
point out that some of the dogs on campus create problems. Dogs 
have been known to knock students over. steal sandwiches. bark in 
the libraries, copulate in the classrooms. not to mention what they 
add to the campus lawns. 

I shouJd specify. for any dog owner unaware of the fact, that there 
is a regulation prohibiting people from bringing dogs on campus. This 
regulation states that any dog on campus must be leashed. but no 
dog can be tethered to any object and no dog (e)(cept for seeing eye 
dogs) is allowed in any building on campus. This policy makes it 
illegal to bring a dog to school.Any dog police find runningunleashed 
on campus is impounded. . 

Most of the dog owners I interviewed were aware of this policy. but 
believed the presence of their dog on campus harmed no one, and 
even added to the campus atmosphere. All of the dog owners were 
passionate about dogs. One dog-lover explained. "People bug me 
more than dogs do." Most of the dog owners said they didn't have to 
bring their dogs to school, but added they couldn't bear to part with 
them while they were at school. Typical comments included - "My 
dog is like a kid to me," and "My dog goes everywhere I go." 

All the dog owners I interviewed felt some of the unruly dogs on 
campus should be left at home. All said their dog was exceptional 
and didn't create any problem on campus. One dog owner stated. 
"Dogs add spice to life on campus . And for as many dogs as there are 
on campus. there's not too big a problem with desecration (sic) on 
the grass." Another dog owner said having too many dogs on campus 
can be a problem. "I dig dogs. But speaking pseudo-objectively. 
having dogs on campus CiSn infringe on other people's rights ." 

All the owners said they have received few or no complaints about 
their dog. They said that if they received justified complaints about 
their dog they would consider lejlving him home. 

When asked why the police allow dogs to run free on campus, a 
campus police officer replied. "We only pick up a dog in response to 
a specific complaint about that dog. We can't spend all our time 
rounding up all the unleashed dogs on campus." 

The issue boils down to a conflict between dog-haters. victims of 
dog activity and dog-lovers. As long as dog owners continue to bring 
dogs to campus and the campus police fail to impound unleashed 
dogs. the recourse for those bothered by dogs is to complain-either 
to a dog's owner or to the campus police. 

Lobbey W9rks for Change 
BY STEVE SWITALA 

Change in University policy is possible through your participation 
in the U.c. Student Lobby. The U .c. Student Lobby represents the 
twelfth most influential lobby group in Sacramento with annexes on 
all the U.c. campuses . The Lobby Annex here is an alternative to 
other student organizations that have been dominated by cliques and 
elitism . We are in a rebuilding stage and need you and your in-
novative approach to researching and solving issues affecting the 
students of the University of California. The Student Lobby offers an 
internship program. in Sacramento. where you can gain valuable 
experience in working with legislation affecting the University 
Community . 

If issues like financial aid. student how,ing. tuition adjustments. 
and student privacy interest yOll, please come to the next Lobby 
Annex meeting Thursday at 4 p.m .• second floor of the Student 
Center. 

Continued from col. 1 

swaying a voting block, they would oppose this hazardous proposal, 
as I do." You were referring to the proposal of lowering the drinking 
age to 18. 

I ask you, on what basis is it the lIovernment's functioll or right to 
determine what, when. and whether we may drink in any cir-
cumstancef 

.-- O . ..... .--. CIt'I HIfetI 
KMltyc.-...... . 

~ ~ A", .• ".," ••• 
,.".,., 

e""".. ~/.'. 'IIte"" DI-re, 

ANDREW R. FLEISHER 

TIle TrMfI n_ fU ...... ~. 
........... M""" .... ......... 
,.. .. "1... .tu"'" " ... ~.,.,. Jlu......... It, dI. UC8D C.III' 
_ ............... Per ....... "" 
..... -- ............. ....... 
........ -

I POLITICS: James G. Soto I 
Politicos 

other · program. Another ore ~pot with Mllir 
students IS the counseling program . This ('(ptf't'lally 
upset somt' of the transfer students 

A poll taken by the Tnton 1 imes for the Muir 
College Council showed that Academic issuP( ~re 
the. most impor!ant ones for students . 1 he poll, 
which asked students what they liked and disliked 
about Muir. what they wanted student government 
to concern itself with at Muir. and what types of 
programs they would like to see instituted was 

, taken last week . . 

The MUIr College CQuncil had its last joint 
meting with facu lty. members last week. Faculty 
members of the Counci l include Walter Savitch of 
APIS. Robert Richtie pf History. and Douglas Smi th 
of Biology. The Muir Council is stili In the process 

o~ choosing its priorities for the rest of the year and 
will meet again on the first day of n xt quarter. Th.e key to understand!ng American politics lies in understanding ~htlcal peo~!~. W~e~e In most countries, personalities are subor-

dinate to ~he Issue, In America qualities of leadership have always 
~ considered by the voters to be the more important. Over thp past 
eight months woe've had· the opportunity to meet many of these p~o Ie a~d to observe them cI~ser than most people do. Though the Triton 
Times co,:,ld. never claim to provide the_ coverage and insight that 
George D~sslnger o! the E~ening Tribune or Bill Boyarsky of the Los 
Angeles !Imes prOVide their readers. we might be able to mak f 
observations. e a ew 

Wh~n woe firs~ started covering politics last winter, I must admit we 
were kind of nalv~ . I even got suckered in on Senator Charles Percy's 
charm .line and hiS supposed friendship for San'oiego Congressman 
Bob Wilson. I le~rned .Iater that Percy had ne···er met Wilson and that 
Percy made up hiS entlfe story about his relationship for Wilson Percy 
was ~bout the only person I met on the political circuit who~e per-
sonality had an. almost hypnotic effect. One could hardly dislike the 
ma~ after meeting him yet he still remains one of the most intensely 
disliked Republ~cans among members of his own party. One could tell 
Percy was running for president that day. He went around the room 
where the. press conference was being held and shook the hand of 
everyone In attemiance. He also managed to embarass his wife in a 

sta~y sort,of way by revealing some deep dark domestic secret. Yet she 
smiled With a blush that covered her face I~ ~as also a~ the Percy function that I fi~st met Pete Wilson in his 
political ca~aclty as Mayor and Mr. Republican for San Diego County 
I had seen him a couple of times when he was running for Mayor and i 
~ould t~1l Wilson had .Iost a lot of the drive that elected him mayor. I 
gu~ss It s .because being Mayor in a town where the mayor goes to 
chicken dinners bu~ not much else gets to be a bore. It's obvious to me 
that Mayor Pete ~llson would like to be Senator Pete Wilson or Vice-
PreSident Pete Wilson . I have It from a reliable source that the mayor 
may try to upgrade his status in the near future . If you're interested you 
might. want to catch the Mayor's act this Friday when he will be 
speaking at UCSD. The last time the Mayor was "in town "I have it on 
~nother goo.d sour~e th.at he didn't do anything but eat ~old cuts and 
listen. to bon.ng University pro~aganda . My editor. jt. is working on why 
the big ~an IS gOing to make hiS appearance but it will probably be for 
somethlnl! more substantial than lunch. 

Getting back to the old days.. .I'd have to say that I caught the 
political bug on the same day I attended my first press conference the 
one In which ~overnor-elect Jerry Brown announced his candida~y It 
was an educ~tlonal experien~e. Malcolm Smith was in the back of the 
room devouring t~e Hot Danish rolls as I was being given the PR line by 
t~e PR ma.n. I ~eclded I had to be rude and ask Brown (barely allowin 
him to finish .hls last sentence) about the University of California. Tha~ 
~eemed to gl~e Brown the excuse to expound upon his theories of 

40% of the Muir students said that the academic 
programs and the flexibility of the requirements 

The Muir Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to announcements and events conceming Muir College. 
were Muir's strongpoints. On the other hand a 
quarter of the students disliked the acade';'ic 
program at Muir more than anything else and 6% 
found the programs too rigid . Many of the students 
expressed a dislike for the intensely competitive 
attitude of students at Muir. One student 
characterized the atmosphere as being cutthroat. 

Over 20% of the students felt the Muir College 
Council should concern itself primarily with 
academic problems. 40% of Muir students felt 
there should be more academic seminars and 
teach-ins presented by the Muir College Council. 

In other areas of concern, the poll showed many 
students upset with the lack of social life at Muir. 
More students felt that the Muir Council should 
address itself directly to this problem than any 

The student representatives of the Council will 
meet ~his Friday . at 3 PM to fill their remaining 
committee POSitions for Muir College and for 
campus:wlde committees. Among the pOSitions are 
the MUIr representitive to the Student Fee Com-
mittee, which budgets over a million dollars paid by 
students through fees; the Parking Committee the Book~tore Committee, and the Muir College 
HOUSing and Food Service Committee. Students 
interested in applying to any of these committees 
should ~top by the Dean's office and pick up an 
application form . 

T~e Muir Peer Advising Group, Page One. will 
~galn sponsor review sessions for finals week. There 
IS also a possibility that all-night study halls will be 
set up under page one. 

Allan F. Hershfield Named Vice-President 
Allan F. Hershfield has been 

appoi nted Assistant Vice 
President of Extended Academic 
and Public Service Programs for 
UC, effective immediately. The 
announcement was made by UC 
Vice President Durward Long 
following action by the Regents 
at their meeting last week in 
Santa Barbara. 

As assistant vice president. 
Hershfield will act for Vice 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 
liBRARY 

President Long in his absence and 
is responsible for assisting in the 
development of policies and 
programs and in their evaluation . 
He will coordinate evaluation of 
instructional programs for the 
Extended UniverSity and 
University Extension as well as 
Public Service Programs. He will 
also coordinate the development 
of learn ing resources for the 
Extended University's off-campus 

programs and wi 11 assist in the 
development of electronic links 
among the campuses. after 
consultation With the President's 
Learning Resources Committee. 

Hershfield. 43. received his 
B.A. from the University of 
Wisconsin. his M .A and the Ph.-
D. from Indiana University. 

The New Documentary Film 

.Igher education . We aw Brown twice more in the campaign and each 
time we saw him he was more confident and cocky (some would ca ll 

~Im obnOXIOUS) . But Brown's political affairs were always fun to go to 
~ecall ~ . one ould see a lot of famous old San Diego Democrats in Thousands of Topics 

th elr In Inlte wisdom. look at a lot of nice girls (Brown girls always had 
t e most class). and have a good meal. A carefully planned aside $2.75 per page 

LENNY BRUCE 
WITHOlTT TEARS 
Plus: REEFER MADNESS 

Complete showings 6:00, 8:00, 10:00 
Ends November 21st 
her~ .:. One. le~rns a great deal about the banquet houses on the Send for your up-to-date. 
politica l CirCUit and about the spending habits of the various cam- 176·page. mail order catalog 
palgns. De.mo rats only eat at union establishments and Republicans of 5500 topics. Enclose 
Ilhke Va atlon Village. One final thing about the Brown campaign is 51.00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
t at I learned that If you want to ask que tions at a press conference days delivery time). 
you better S,lt In the front row because most reporters are vultures and 519. G LEN ROCK AVE. 
It pays to be qUick. Though It'S cool to sit in the back of the room and SUITE #203 
make snld rpmarks about the state of the body politic it's not cool to LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
get any sharp quotes attributed to the Triton Times. ' Our materials are sold for 

Speaking of press confer nces. the political press In this town offer a '_arch purposes only 
study In contrasts. The broad ast media. especia lly television _-~ ______ -':' __ .J 
newsman tend to be bra h. loud and obnoxious. They also tend to a k 
th~ ~ulk of th boring and irrelevant questions. The one exception to 
thiS IS Channel 8's Harold Keen. San Diego's ace senior reporter. TV 
broadcasters always have to or he trate their camera shots and 
ineVitably they w.ander in late to the press conference. banging and 
clattenng all their paraphanalia. and flashing their hot lights into 
verybody's face. I remember the H.L. "Bill" Richardson and Smator 

Jesse " Jesse" Helms press conference. Some clown from Channel X 
~tumbled Into the room a half hour after the conference had begun . 
I he bes.t press confl'rence of my stunted career was about to be ruined 
by.thls Idiot who asked some absurd question about Shirley Temple or 
Shirley Chisholm . I don't remember which one he .asked the question 
about but they're both the same to me anyway. The conference 'was 
ended when it wa announced that lunch was served and none too 

You don't blow an extraordinary idea 
on an ordinary shoe. 

soon. • 

IIpri PRESENTS . 
By now you ' re probably 
aware that Roots are not 
like other kinds of footwear. 
The heel is lower to give 
you the natural kind of 
walk you'd get by going 
barefoot in sand. The arch 
is supported, so if you 
spend much time on your 
feet you'll now spend it in 
much greater comfort. The 
rocker sole helps spring 
you off on each footstep, 
so walking becomes a little . 

~ ....... ... 
....... ....... -:,: .. , 

.4-\ ~. ~ • • , •• 

.' ~ . ..:' 

.... ,:: ... 

less work than it ever was 
before. 

they're made. but how 
well. Only the finest grade 
Canadian hides are 
selected . These are hand-
:rafted into Roots . simply 
because, for much of our 
production, the most 
efficient machine is still the 
human hand 

But a big part of Roots ' 
success lies in not how 

lO909 KJnroee AIle. 
Weea-dWI-.e 

(2131 478-0101 
1218 Pro.pect St . 
u JaIl.. C.Uf . 

(714. U9-3611 

, lil5 I Why, ot aU the 
reasons we could give you 
for trying ROOt~, none 
would fit quite so well dS the 
shoe itself 

~a" .. " Triton Times Ncwember 10, 1974 



erything in Sports You Ne.ver Knew -About 
Ed. Note: Evtry now and 

then I ... aUt into the office and 
find a stack of information on 
my cesk, usually eminating 
from the Recreation and In-
tramural Offices. Whether or 
not they have any value I leave 
you to make the decision. More 
'often than not I run the risk of 
being called worthless o.r any 
other name you don't like to be 
called . So herewith I present a 
collection of information, 
misinformation and what ever 
you wish to call it. 

K.R. 

Ski Trip 
It's getting close to winter. and 

your friendly UCSD Ski Club 
would like to inform all of you 
would-be skiers about th up-and-
coming snow specta ular at 
Steamboat Springs. Colorado, 
better known 'as the 21st AII-Cal 
Winter Carnival. 

Included as part of the price 
you pay ($165 .50 if by land (bus), 
$226.75 if by air) are the 
following : round trip tran -
portation. five days use of all ski 
lifts, five nights accommadations. 
a gondola party (at the top of the 
mountain), night skiing, Beer 
lalom, giant slalom, obstacle 

course, hot dog contest, and 
prizes for the competitions. 

Your fare for the trip must be 
In by thiS Friday, November 22 . 
Tickets can be bought from 
Renee, in Room 20 of the 
Recreation Gym . 

So don't be left out in the cold, 
get to where the skiing action is 
over th quarter break : at the All-
Cal Winter Festival in Steamboat 
Springs 

Turkey Trot 
This Sdturday at 12 noon 

tarting from thE' Muir playing 
field, the Recrf'atlon Department 
wi II be sponsoring a Turkey Trot. 
The course will cover 2.9 miles 
and the pxact course will not be 
revealed until the time of the 
ra e, although a majority of the 
race lies within the campus 
boundaries . 

Prizes will he awarded .to both 
the men's and women's division 
winners. All other prizes will go to 
those who can best predict their 
time over the course. So go out 
and practice the course and get 
an idea of how fast (or slow) you 
can run it. Watches will naturally 
not be allowed . 

ACU-I 
Once again. it is time for the 

American College Union-
International (ACU-I) Region XV 
Games This year the games will 
be held at UC Davis during the 
weekend of Feb. 14-16. For an 
added incentive, MonddY, the 
17th, will be added as it is a state 
holiday. 

Competition will be held in 
men ' s and women 's pocket 
billiards, bowling and table 
tennis . Coed competition is 
available in bridge, chess and 
table soccer. 

All UCSD students interested in 
participating are asked to contact 
Harry in the Recrea tion office by 
no later than Fri . Dec. 6, or by 
calling 452-4038. 

Resale Shop 
~Dlle '7avtieite 7li"l~ 
TENDERLY WORN APPAREL 
Cosmic Far-Out Sale 

5645 LA JOLLA BOULEVARD 
LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 

!NOW! 
K.,h I •• n Boon. 

459_0311 

T l)~~f.Y ,-[.oT 
Lou r..se. 

"" ... 
../f 

Oc.el\ tr 0.\ lllo((1(1 

Kamanawana-tied 

N 
----;;. 

UCSD's t<amanawanalaya was f atured in a co-en softball 
tournament last Saturday at SDSU. The big K was slated against the 
West Wing Bombers of USD for the championship which was to b 
o cided by the winner of a two out of three series . 

The Kamana took the first gamp 15-7 by scoring in every inning. 
USD won the second game 9-4 highlighted by a five run second 
inning. The thirn game was called arly due fa a scheduling foul-up 
which pitted several high school bands against two gamely co-en 
softball teams who. armed with bats, balls. gloves (and probably a 
few too many beers) attempted to protect their tournament. But 
several waves of nrums and tubas proved to be too much for the 
softballers . 

So in the final ana lysiS it would appear as if the tournament 
('nned in a 1-1 tie, which was perhaps for the best . 

Hey Baby, Wanna Rolf? 
Structural Integration, or rolfing . as it is popularly known, is a 

technique for reordering the body in an effort to bring its major 
segments - head, shoulders, thorax, pelvis and legs - toward a 
vertical alignment. 

Generally speaking, rolfing lengthens th body. approaching an 
Ideal in which the left and right sides of the body are more nearly 
balanced and In which the pelviS approa hes horizontal, permitting 
the weight of the trunk to fall directly over the pelvis. The head 
rides above the spine, the spinal curves are shallow. and thp legs 
connect vertically to support the bottom of the p Ivis . 

Rolfing rebalances the fascial network by taking advantage of ItS 
tendency to hold the shapes induced by applied force. In a carefully 
worked-out equence of manipulations, the rolfer reverses the 
randomlli ng Influ nce of the enVlronmpnt, moving tissue back 
toward the symmetry and balance that the architecture of th e body 
so clearly falls for . 

The rolfer must apply sufficient force to str t h and move tissue; 
furth rmore, h is frequently working Ih tissue whose .hroni 
tension arries an emotional load Pain is occasionally intense. then 
disapJ1ears Immedlat Iy wh n the pressure is removed. There is also 
sometime soreness, of the kind felt wh n muscles are overworked, 
that lasts a few days. Pain frequently marks an emotional release. 
and may be strongly to lored by asso iated emotions. 

While being rolfed p ople often recall specific traumati c 
ppisodes asso iated with particular parts of th e body; with or 
Without such re all, th e releasp 9f chronic contractions has an 
('motionally prugativE' effE'ct. " I fel'l as though I have unludut:d 
years of a( cumulated grief," was thp rommpnt of one p rson who 

rnoon 
ThNe IS always a way to find the ",,,. 'W",uall fan At the tanium, he/ she is the 

onl' who arrivt's at the galT)R two hours see the teams warm up. 
Hpre at UCSD it is not so easy 
Th(' football player ran always be the Muir Fielrf doing his or her thing. 

Hut whPrp IS the J1ro football fan to b(' on r ampus? 
It was suggested that I pend a JO n'av. noeln In the Blake TV Lounge I was told 

that thiS IS where the fans could be you are from Washington, Houston 
01 l'ven San Diego, you (an g('nerally wat h your team play, prOllined th(' 
wl,hes of others aren't against you. 

Last Sunrfay I forced myself to spenrl - lI l>rr\£\£\n wat hing the likes of I~uffalo, 
Oakland, and their away-from-homp f Icampnt was fortpn upon mp whpn 
thp Chargers oecided to (hange homp • the Raiders oue to the World erie 
[rempmber the A's) . Besiops that I had (ase of laryngitis (I may not be able to 
talk but I fan ~till write!) that kept mp Mariner ann Q gamps. 

Anyway, I walken into the gamp, lIh ile the TV was still finely tuned to the 
Miami-Buffalo gamE'. I got there just In see a rookie quarterba k; Gary Marangl , 
throw hi s first pass in the NFL. It was yarrfs for a touchdown 

Tht>re was si lent amazempnt from . Thp only audibles were from th 
quarterbacks on the fielrf, or should I say 

The game wore on and Miami eve 35-28. The on Iy applause that was ever 
heard was that coming out of the peakel TV. 

Once that gamE' was over, a fonsen reached regarding what gamp to wat h 
next. The Dallas-Washington game, the Orleans gamp or the San Diego-Oaklano 
game? When the dial was momentarily to one of those gamps, partisans for one 
of the two teams would cheer lourfly l'V~_lt'p rest of the ooob tube viewers to bp Ih 
agreement with their view!; . 

The Saints-Ram gamp was immpd, alPn. r lhPr1 due to a 20-0 lead the Saints held 
going into the fourth quarter. Who wa a pair of losers go at it? The Dallas-
Washington game was also scratched umprica l advantage . Washington was 
ahean 28-0 at the half, holding Dallas to yards passing In the first half . 

The Dallas, Los Angeles, Wa~hington Orleans fans (if somp do Indeed rxi,t) 
C'xlted quickly, muttering someth ing pstairs that they (ould watrh 

Thos left in the room . partisan s by ann large, settled clown to wate h 
wh'at should have been the oeflmatlon llut tilt-' Chitrgl' rs only play ( lose 
gaml's . Some of the Oakland fans bee wh('n thf'ir hproE'S ould only huild lip 
a 7-3 halftimE' lead. 

HalftimE' proml1ted a swit h to the hlngton game wherp it was al 0 half-
timE', but at least CBS entertain the lewers, saclistif that they may hI', \vith 
hi ghlights of other games. We were ,,!IItnn';' n Gabriel of the I aglps g tting un-
( nmoniously dumped on several oc well as otht>r vifious tack le,. l~lIt thp 
highlight of the afternoon came ur Lane of thp Pa ckers (aught a long 
touchnown pass, then tripped over a rpau lin and went head first into cl wall 
The things people get 0 lights from 

Another favorite fun thing of the 
nounct>rs. (ommercials and even the 

The San Diego-oakland ~ame was a ( 
anyone worse than Willie Davis . (Nol 
Willie had such astute (ommrnts on 
talk . There is obviously ~ome truth to 
many timps have you seen a rcferef' 
o( asion . and thpn hI' trif'd to ('xplaln 

aftf'rnoon (rowrl is to pick on '1 V all 
ted on the tube . 
announlers. I really don't think thprp I~ 

tl' Moore of t hI' A'~ whom I detl'~t) . 
that on wond('r~ whl'rp hp Iparnpd to 

that football pldyprs ar(' dumb How 
Ila~ ?" WillI(' I)<IVI~ has. on <1t Ip<1,t onp 
tot It -

( ripd as t{'nsion was rplease in hi s riblage . #====~===~~~~=~~==:!!!!r:=~=====w 

/ 

YOU CAN LEAD A 
HORNY BULL TO WATER, 

BUT HE'LL MAKE YOU 
BUY THE DRINKS. 

The Montcluma Horny Bull; . 
1 oz Mont 'limo TeqUila. montezuma 5 oz CONC£:NTRAT[D ORANGE 

BREAK~AST DRINK .O" r ICC. , '")T 
s sensot,on,.,1 and tllnt., no bIll I. [ J~J(dJ J I ;J\. 

.,. r- ,', 

The World's Fine!llllleeses 
plus t~e Finest 

of Premium Califor 
in La 

Featuring: 
Ridge Oakville 

Pedroncelli Fortino 
~. 

Burgess Sutter Home 

Robt Mondavi Parducci 

and many others 

discount 
wines 

10:00-6:00 
10:00-5:30 
11:00-5:30 

For 'your holiday lIift ideas we fl'dtfllPoxe! 
. budget, ask about quantity discou"l~ 
, hl'c-e Shoo \.lIIdwic.l.es h.we mort 
bread . BII"I. Ihis .ut fm :.!Jc off 

10 fit any 

on an, ~a nrl\"hir" . 

216S Av. de 1.1 Play .. 
L" )011.1 Shores 

4Si)-5CJ21 
'; min . w .. lk fro", S..,ipp!> 

\no. from lltt 
Rhi nP1 .. nder 

Swimmers Finish Fourth 
in Tourney, Show Promise 

. by Bert Lee 
i he UCSD Triton women's swim team hosted the Second Annual All 

Cal swim meet last Saturday in the home pool and placed a very 
respectible fourth place against three powerhouse teams . UCLA. UCSB 
and UC Davis also competed in the meet and each of these t~ams has 
recruited several former world record holders . For all you aquatic 
sports experts. such stellar names as Simmons (U LA) Neilson 
(UCSB), Schoenfield (UCLA), Moe (UCLt\l. Hend~ickson (USD) and 
Szymanski (UCLA) competed in the meet. With this kind of com-
petition , the young UCSD squad did not do too badly for themselves 

The final point breakdown was : UCD 155 points; UCLA, 143 points, 
UCSB, 92 points; UCSD. 41 points. 

Coach Diana Dann was pleased with the overall performance of the 
Tritons and she noted that the ~quad has improved immensely over the 
past two weeks. She noted also that the meet was a great experience 
for her inexperienced squad. Coach Dann also pointed out the out-
standing performance of Ceci Smith in the 50 yard Freestyle. Ce i 
placed second in the finals with a time of 28.8 as well as posting an 
outstanding time of 26.6 for a second place finish in a preliminary heat. 
Also swimming well for the Tritons was the 400 yard Medley Relay 
team which placed third . 

Miss Dann wishes to express her appreciation to all the stop watch 
timNs and s orekeepers who rose out of bed early to help make the 
AII-Cal meet a success. 

The next swim me t for the Tritons will be after the hristmas 
vacation. The squad will host the Pomona-Pitzer squad in a dual meet 
to be held January 18. 

Triton Spikers Fall, 
Ice Cream Goes Too 

by Dave Eisen 
It has been determined by this reporter that the best way to watch a 

vo lleyba ll game is with an ice cream cone in hand. 
This method was used Wednesday afternoon at the UCSD-

Grossmont match here, which the Tritons lost, 15-13, 15-8. Although 
it's no easy task to eat and wrlte statistics at the same time, the ice 
cream experience did add much flavor to the game. 

Nearly as exciting as the ice cream was the match itself. UCSD was 
pitted against the league's undefeated first place squad, Grossmont. 
The Triton women appeared determined to hand their opposition, 
aUirpd in cute green outfits, their first loss. 

Before a nearly packed rec gym crowd (unpaid attendance was 
estimated at 65) UCSD immediately fell behind 7-0. At this point, my 
two scoops of chocolate chip managed to jump off the cone and onto 
my leg . 

While I was leaning up the mess, the Tritons color-coordinated 
r oach Chuck Millenbah made a clever move, putting substi tute Holly 
Stewart into the game. By the time I looked up. Stewart had sparked 
the team to a 7-7 tie . 

Stewart and her teammates Eva Ljungwe, Tina Flammer, Andrea 
Heylen. Margi Schwartz and Sue Papanek kept fighting and were oon 
knotted up at 13-13. The spectators grew tense as six exchanges of 
erve followed without a point being scored . 

It was Grossmont which then broke through though for two quick 
110ints and the victory. The defeat proved to be even more heart-
breaking as I noticed that the ice cream had melted all over the floor . 

Grossmont used the second game to exhibit some brilliant spiking 
te hnlques. The game was stopped mid-way through when a Gar-
ssmont player was stricken with a udden Ihjury. The injury must have 
been a devastating one as her teammates quickly crowded around her. 
and then broke up laughing. 

The Tritons' stayed in and battled va liantl y but were defeated by a 
v ry talented squad. 

UCSD defeated Southwestern Friday, and then will host the SDWIAA 
Tourn y today through Friday. Be sure to attend one of the gam s-
preferably with an ice cream cone. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
new midway 
fed mart 

, 

store 
pyes examined 
J1rescri ptloh<; filled 
contact lense fitted 

1M BS 

Present and Future 
by Jim Wright 

When asked to write a story about something wet and ,liprwry, I \\'" 
somewhat relieved to learn that they were talking about an 1M 'port 
innertube waterpolo . 

The gam e IS CO-I'd. p layed a la regular watcrpolo. With the pxc('J1tlon 
of the InnPrtube, which IS used throughout the duration of thp ~am( ' 
The uniforms are ever so flOe when worn by the fairer poloers Enough 
to capture your Inter st7 A final chance to become a spectator of thl' 
xciting sport will take place on November 24th. when the I1layoffs will 

be held between The Cheap Shots. the Runner-ups, the Vikings and tlw 
Water Buffaloes. 

If interested In playing the sport, you will havp to walt until rhp 
Spring Quarter, so th re is plenty of time to get a team togethPr 

Yet another 1M sport is Cooed Volleyball. Teams co nSISt of ,IX I1pr 
sons, three male and three female. It IS a four league operation, With 
pre-final playoffs between the Adolph Coors leagu versus thp onh 
undefeated teams In the league. Locomotive Breath and Ship Sank 
They will square off on the 1M volleyball court on ov 18th at 9 pm 
The probable champs of the Helneken League IS Hadron With cl 10-2 
record. It looks like Mashers will take the Brew 102 League whll(' In (hI' 
Near Beer leagu the deCiding game wil l come Saturday bp(wepn CBR 
and the Kap . 

Volleyball will be offered every quarter With games taking pia I' on 
Monday and Thursday nights with a poSSibility of Saturday 
Volleyballing Round up a co-ed or two, get a hold of a volleyball and 
you're in business for the new Cluarter. 

The Winter Quarter brings to the 1M ranks a new series of sem i to 
ultra-strenuous activities, including basketball in three forms; regular 
men's league, a cooed league and a league for all ate Archibald types 
who are under 5' 10". Soccer will also be offered next quarter (mpn's 
and cooed) . AI~o highlighted will be the ever popular one pitch softball 
home run derby. 

Tennis will join volleyball and additional competition brackets have 
been added. There will be all men's and all women 's doubl(·s In,tead of 
the sport strictly co-ed . 

All events begin the first week of the new quarter so begin formlhg 
your teams DOW and join in the fun . 

IGliA111i ~. 
~ .. ---\1fV-·--~ 

~~ Na.. ~ 
IBIIIQIUI 

Hal Nay, ,.ii(emil 
191) C:.ble sl. 

San Diego, Ca. 92107 

"BL 
DAY 

222-1438 
Jim Cummins 

Thursday, November 21 
12:30 - 2:00 - 3:30 

Free Factory Factory Talks 
Free Refreshments 
Free Information 
Free Album Set* 
Special JBL Audio-Visual 

Seminar 
LEARN WHAT MAKES 

A GREAT LOUDSPEAKER 
A JBl fl.tory repr_ntlltlve will be 
pr.enttoln.werlny Ind.1l qUlltlon. 
you mIght haov. r .. erdlng .p.k .... the 
Ie' •• , r.cordlng t.chnlque. , qUid 
._10, Ind will be living •• mlne,. In 
loud.., .. k... dalgn, IppH.,.tlon Ind 
"".Iultlon. 

Mon.Tu ••. Thurs.FrI. 
10:30 AM .. 1:00 PM. 
Satvrdeva 
10:00 Am. - 1:00 PM. 
Sundey. 

*After hearing the 15 
minute demonstration 

11:00 AM. - 1:00 PM. 
CI-.I Wed_dey. 

3245 
ports arena blVd. 
(ICI. " from the IpOIIs Ilena) 

224-2974 

HAMILTON'S 
T.V. - Stereo - Appliances 

7865 Girard 459-3626 
Hear the 
Jubal 65! 

The Most Complete Line of JBL Speakers 

p," " ~ Triton Time~ NO"l'm~,20, 1'74 



HRISTJlAS CHARTERS 
EUROPE: ••• 8.00 

NEW TORH., ".8.00 
(Sp •• e Stili Awall.ble) 

ada" 
11214 
Dec. ·14lO1 ~ .. rIA DC .. 
.... 2 '''/lOI AnpIes nA DC .. 

21." 
11213 
Dec. 13 lot ~ •• I./New YOIII TIA DC .. 
.... 2 New YoNlaIAnpies T~ DC .. 

Forall ~t and University 
travel n" contact: 
Student SeMas Welt 452_30 
UCSO In .... tionaI Center 
101m to 3:__ Mon, Wed, Fri only 

Avai .... only to UCSD students, faculty, 
_If and their immediate families. 

HANSEN 
01_ 

SKIING 
SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
TENNIS 

"Specio.l with this o.d, $5.00 
flo.t file & hot Wo.x." 

, 

~ R,)flJ') ' 

.,._~J 
--TI.'- r d441ib 

i'qe , Triton Times November 20, 1974 

Math Wrath S.ports 
Mission: Empirical 1M Playoffs 

My name is Fred Fu~ction . I'm a private investigator hired by the 
firm of Gamma, Gamma, & Son. My assignment was to find the rare 
Polyhedron Ellipsoid which had been stolen lust two days ago. 

My only due was that a man, rumored to be is radicand, was seen 
running from the scene of the crime with a derivative stuck up his 
postulate. I arrived at the scene and went around back behind the 
buildings to check for any transverse foci, and to my surprise, I found a 
Spherical Paraboloid on the ground near a pile of increment. I was j!,lst 
picking up the Spherical Paraboloid when I felt a vector being shoved 
up my asymptote. I whirled perpendiculill' to the normal of the line 
incident to the angle of my pain, and saw a girl with a couple of sine 
curves you wouldn't believe. She went for my determinant but I moveO 
back parallel to the arc of her grab. 

Now for my summation of the circumstances. I figured the 
probability of my escape trajectory to be 62 min. 18 sec. 43 degrees 
east of west. I quickly left the girl and decided the real thug was Mr. 
Gamma's son, little Epsilon . I drove my cycloid to their split level 
condominium and noticed instantly the congruent permutations of the 
landscape. 

I went down the stairs, which I estimated to be of slope 1.8, and 
broke down the door with a burst of infinity. I found young Ep~ilon 
integrating with the girl next door on the couch. I quickly cut off his 
directrix leavin~ him powerless, but he reciprocated with a jab to my 
coefficients. In excruciating pain, I quickly permutatcd as I saw the 
Polyhedron Ellipsoid next to an exponent near the living room com-
binations. I ran diagonally to the radius of the room, grabbed the 
Ellipsoid and hyperbolated the hell out of there. 

That night as I lay thinking of Rolle's Theorem and drinking a fifth of 
Russian Quadratic. I heard a knock on the door. It was Mr. Beta, Ep-
silon's uncle, out for revenge. He had a logarithm in his hand, 50 I knew 
that my time was about up. He pulled the tangent, and I fell limp at an 
angle of 36 degrees from my door. 

As I lay near death, the parametrics came to rush me to the hospital. 
I spent two weeks recovering from a wound in my matrix. As I left the 
hospital I walked through the conic section of town .. I got a hot tip 
from a homogenious person that Mr. Beta was in Apt . 1 on Theta 
Street. I broke down the door and found Mr. Beta and little Epsilon 
playing a game of Cartesian Coordinates. Epsilon has just captured 
B ta's complex root and was beating him badly. H<' was winning the 
game too. I punched Beta in his point of intersect ion, and gave Epsilon 
a sequence of punLhes due south of his inner product. I then had them 
both arrest d on a charge of illegal drug use because I had found a 
syringe full of tetrahedral. .. 

I then went back to Gamma's Apt . filled with a sense of satisfaction . 
He congratulated me and paid me my fee and told me to shove my 
(one up my centroid for having his brother arrested, but ~ho cares? 

Under Way 
The Intramural Football 

playoffs got under way last 
weekend with no real surprises 
being scored. The Baboons, 
Punks, Scripps and Eat at the Y all 
advanced to the Semifinals in the 
Men's competition, while Smut, 
Contact Inhibition, the Punks and 
What an Ice Chest are still 
scrambling for the Coed title. 

In Sunday playoff action 
(men's) top seeded Eat at the Y 
scored an easy 15-9 win over 
Bonzo. Y will face the Punks,who 
destroyed Wustman and his 
Outhouse, ~, in 'one semifinal 
game. 

The other semifinal will feature 
Scripps and the Baboons in a 

. rematch of their earlier game. 
Scripps advanced by virtue of a 
12-6 win over the Ice Fires, while 
the Baboons destroyed the Nads, 
28-6. 

In Coed action Smut advanced 
to a semifinal berth opposite 
Contact Inhibition by squeaking 
out a pair of one touchdown 
wins, 6{) over EI Chunko for their 
league title and 7{) over the 
Dragons in their opening playoff 
game. Contact Inhibition drew a 
bye in the first round . 

What an Ice Chest, also having 
a first round bye, will face Dickie 
Duncans punks, an easy winner 
over Somf, in the other semi-final 
game. 

Harry. Bloom has issued a 
directive to all the teams still in 
title competition . According to 
Harry all teams must have their 
semi final games played by 5 pm 
Saturday or ' both teams will 
forfeit. 

Finals for both men's and coed 
league action will be held next 
Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon 
at 3:30 pm. 

NEW WORLD EDUCATIONAL 
TRIPS: SOUTH AMERICA 2-4 
Month elperiences LOW-
COST. Brochure, write: PO 
BOX 2131, Salinas, Calif. 93901 

COMMUNITY 
BLOODBANIC 

311 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forsenke -

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-64B1 

Taylor following action by the Be ched 
Board of Regents, meeting in n ..... . 
Santa Barbara today (November 
15). . Stover Promoted cont. from p.5 

Santa Barbara-Walter F. StoVf'. 
has been named coordinator of 
staff personnel fot the University 
of California and Robert R. 
Headley has been appointed 

_manqer of retirprY'ent and 

benefit programs . The new ap-
pointments wi II become effective 
on January 1, 1975. 

h How many times, on successive play~ have you seen a team get In is new position, Stover will confused in the backfield on third down, then on fourth down have a 
be responsible for the University- field goal hit the uprights and bounce back? Not so much that .t 
wide coordination of staff per- happened, but that there must have ~n at least three replays of each 
sonnel functions with the ex- I pay, meaning embarassment plus for the guilty player. 
ception of employee relations One thing a newcomer to the Sunday Afternoon Television Cntlcs 
and affirmative action . The 
functions involved include Society must never do is to change thl:> channel Without getting the 

The announcement was made 
by UC Vice President-Academic 
Affairs and Per59.rlnel Angu~ 

Student Employment J 
consent of the viewers. If one walks Into the room and rather personnel policy salary ad- I h h . 

. . t t ' th' U ' . presumptuous y c anges t e channel he/she IS likely to be booed out 
miniS ra Ion e nlverslty fth h ' h ' M t' P d hoe room muc In t e same manner as Harland Svare was booed out 

anagemen rogra.m. an t e of San Diego last year. 
Continued from Pale 1 

Work Study 
Another area of complaint is 

- campus work study jobs. These 
are jobs whereby a student works 
on campus, but with the 
department paying 20% of the 
salary and the federal govern-
ment paying the rest. For this 
reason the campus prefers to hire 
work study . students. 

Many students who are not in a 
low enough income bracket to be 
eligible for work study but who 
still must work feel discriminated 
against because work study 
students get first job choice and 
are picked first. 

Though affirmative action 
policies have -come to student 
employment many students still 
feel discriminated against 
especially in terms of lab jobs and 
provost office positions. In many 
cases the employer will interview 
students just as a formality to 
comply with affirmative action 
even though he has already 
picked a student he knows from 
class or elsewhere for the job. 

Sometimes SEO, after 
reviewing the situation will 
permit the hiring of a particular 
student without making the 
perspective employer interview 
other applicants. Student Em-
ployment does not, as commonly 
believed, make a prospective 
employer interview a certain 
number of students or make him 
hold the job open a certain 
number of days. 

Manternach, along with the 
rest of her staff is very aware of 
the problems of student em-
ployees. At this time Student 
Employment is working along 
with the university on policy and 
procedure changes for student 
employees, but she emphasizes 
that changes take time. 

Her philosophy of student 
employment is that it is the in-
termediary between the 
department or off campus 
business that has a student job 
opening and the student who 
desires employment . S1udent 
Employment also functions in the 
handling'of the paperwork while 
a student is being employed and 
they also are the first contacted 
when an .employer elsewhere 
wants t(, check up on a student's 
employrnent history .6n campus. 

Though enrollment at UCSD 
has jumped tremendously this 
year the number of student job 

Birth 
Control 
institute 

• Couftllling 

.~T"" 
• AbonIon 
• lirth Control 

.F...- .......... 
CIIIICI for 

confident .......... 
(714, ""1 

(114) 510-1757 

employment, training and , opportunities have not. This 
means that many students must 
either work ott campus or not 
attend the university at all 
because they can't find a job. 

development of staff. As coor-
dinator of staff personnel, Stover 
will report to Assistant Vice 
President- Academic ana Staff 
Personnel Gloria Copeland. 

. ...............•.... 

A Selection of 
Fine Bicycles 

Raleigh 
Peugeot 

Clubman 
Centurian 

O~ WHAT? 
V 

· 
· 
· 

all bikes 
guaranteed 

and air conditioned 
Expert FISt Repair On All Bikes • ~ITlCIi. 'AAMIHATION or- TU' ~NOAY ~p&Qk&,.: : 

: Uowald ~ helman 
Bank Americard 488-1727 
Mastercharge Pacific Beach 

464 7 Cass St, 

Ask for Wes, Bob, or Mike Stephenson 

~elbe It 6ch Illel ~el belt Malcu6e 
HOY'M~'~ 21 ~:oo 
R'YI;ll' CAr-'T'~'A 

U.C.~.D 
Sponsored bvAd Ho c CommI ttee ot Concerned 

• Students and Facult 
• •• •••••••••••••••••••••••• * •• 

· 

· 
· 

1*************************************************************£ 

* Our S~gest and Sest New Arrival i 

* I 
I 
* 
* # 
I 
* 
* I 
* 
* J 
* i 

/ 

The Gardener's Catalogue 
by Tom Riker & HelVey Rottenherg 

A complete compendium of sources and information for indoor and 
out~or lardeni,., this is the most important gardening tool since the 
water!", can. Never before has so much gardening information been 
compiled between the covers of one book. The text is a whole basic book 
of gardening, but in addition The Gardener's Catalogue lists what's for 
sah; and wh~e ,to buy it [seeds, bulbs, plants, tools, equipment, and hard-

~o-flnd speCialties], what/s for free and where to get it. This information is 
III~trated on e~ery lY.ge with everything hom simple how-to drawings to 
anhq~e botaOical prints and ads. For quick access to sources and 
techniques, and how to get the most for you money, this is the one-and-
only, multi-regional source book for every ,arden and gardener. 

unlV£RSiTY , 
Papemound 
'$6.95 

-~"'i~~~::-"""'" 
Bookstore 
University 

TEXTS - COMPLETE GENERAl lOOK SfCTION - CUIlIlENTTITUS' 
GI" lOOKS- REFERENQ - MEDICAL - STUDY AIDS 

., . ..,.,..,., ..... -::::..-

BOOK-STOR£ 
MAmtEWS CAMPUS 

EX'l',JNSION mo 

• 

AND SPECIAL QR!)fR SERVICE 

SCHOOl. SUPPliES - GI"~ - ~lUlllNG tAROS - AlT SUPPliES 
VITAMINS - HEALTH FOODS -SOFTWARE - SUNDRIES 

FLORAl AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICES 

NEED IT fAST? . .. TRY US fIRST! 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* I 
* * 
* I 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

••••••••• **** •• ** •• t* .................................. ***~~ 
Pap 7 Triton. Times November 20, 1974 



~i-----what's happening---------------.,;,.....----. 
meetings 
A-:e~' 11121."11 ....... R ... Q m Cont. Rm; AIkido, 11,. ... 
~ W Rm.; Muir OvtIne. 11/2111. 
I:M·" p.m. Ree. Conf. Rm.; 
Ce-....... 11121. 7-10 p ...... North 
"01tY; Pep Bend. 11/21. 7:-"". 
R_ ~;onf. R .... ,11,. 
Attn! THIRD ' COLLIGE ITUDENTS . 
2nd FI ........... worIqhop for ..... 
of you who mllMd the tim wortlehop. 
Wed.. Nov. 2D. .tudent Center H p.m. 
'"o'n.ored by Third Coli.,. 
, ... tt.tors. (11l21li1 

The" ,WIIl be • Third Col .... Council 
MMtlne on Wed .. Nov .•• et 4:00 p.m. 
In Rm. 17 •• 'd,. 412 Matthewl C.mpue. 
(11/2D1 . 
Soerlng Club· boerdmeetlne I :. p.m. 
Ground School 7:00 p.m.. Thur •. 
Itomon_1 In the Rev.... Informel 
Loung •. (11/2111 
UC Student Lobby Annex will meet 
Thure. .t 4 p.m. In the Student 
Or,.nlz.tlon. Offlc. of the N.w 
Student C.nter. C.1I4I2-4411O. Mon. 12-3 
or Tu ... 11-2 for further Info. 111/2D1 

The Studenb Educetlonel C.nter will 
m .. t Fri. Nov. 22. P ..... com. with 
leIM. or Int_t It'. In the Stu. Cent.r. 

floor 12:00. 111/221 

TRIDENT CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP 
m .. te Wed. 111211 .t 7:30 In the Rev"'. 
Inform.1 lountl4t. Ev.ryon. w.lcom.1 
(11/2D1 ' 
Union of J_i.h Stud.nte . v.ry 1m· 
portent pl.nnlng m.ttln, - Nov. 21 - 5:45 
top floor-Stud.nt C.nt.r. Wlnt.r 
qu.rt.r prOlrlm. Ind id .... (11/2D1 
The Comm. Boerd will mMt Frldev. 
Nov. 22 It 12 noon In the Student 
Cent.r Conf.r.nc. Room. 111/221 

HORSEBACKRIDING CLUB· M.etlng 
with det.iI. for next ride. Rec. Gym 
Conf Ro Thu 

LlARNiNG FOR ITS OWN IAKE-A 
weekly Infonnel cIMe In .... ........ 
00110"'_ wII ........... on Thure. 
Nov. 2'1 .t 7:11 p.m. upeteln In the 
'tudent c.m.. ChllnubMau,ht by 
RabbI Jecob Krenz. '111201 

notices 
AMERICAN CAPfTAU8M: WIN OR 
WHAT7 Critic. I e •• mlnllion .nd 
d'-Mlon of the economy ...... k.,.: 
H-..t 'her ... n. Prof. Econ.. UCR; 
Herbert 'chlll.r. Prof. Commun .• 
UC.D: . H.rb.rt Marou... Prof. 
Emerltue. Nov. 21. Revelle c.teterlll •• 
p.m. (11/21111 

IMPORTANTII PLEAIE READ THt. 
BACK IIDE OF YOUR WINTER 
QUARTER CALPIRO FEE CARbS. 
V.lldeted F.II QUI'" f .. cerda may b. 
picked up .t the CALPIRO office In the 
Student Center. 111/2D1 

Mlnorfty Pre·Med: Studenb Int.,..ted 
in Tulene Unlv. Summer PrOlrem. Dr. 
,Chem Epp. will b. InterYl_lne .nd 
Ulkln, .bout the PrOlrem. Meet .t 
Thlal Coli ... · Sur • . Loung ... ,2 noon 
Nov. 21 . 111/2111 

HOLLY STORES ,...,...ntetlv. to be on 
cempUI Wed. Nov. 211. Interviewing for 
M.n.,.m.nt Train •• po.'t'on. In 
W .. tem U.S .: INking BA. III m"ore 
(bu.lnee.·rel.ted pref.rredl. Appb. and 
Info .t C.r_ P"nnln.. I0OI H&SS. 
(11/2111 
Mlnerity Sclenc. Studenblnt.relted In 
Blomedlcel Scl.nc ... A repreeentetiv. 
from O.k Ridge OradU.tl School. 
Fr.nkln D. Hemllton will be ev.lleble 
for Inforrnetlon concerning .ummer 
prOlrem. Third Coli ... Loung. 10-12 
NOv. 211. (11/201 

S,EX CLINIC: Counc.lln. on S •• u.' 
Probl.m.. Wed.. ~6; R.velle Coun-
•• Iore Offic. (nNr the ProvOlt Offlc.l . 
judith Jorg.n •• n M.D.: Hugh Pet .. 

110 ChIIm Clinic - Mon.-Thure 2-1 It 7-10. 
frL 2-6. .un ntt.e. Muir 2.-2'111. (111271 

TO AU RAlA: POf-LUCK 0J11 M.C. 
Thure. Nov. 21. 11:a1 .. m. Irt", _ 
Ichlcana. ChIca-cV ... _ Todoe-
TreIge" .... MunchIMI. film on AU8-
a. ,. Chicano Moratorium - 2D 
ltudene. from len J __ will be on 
cempUi Frt .. let.. Nov. 22. 21. (11l21li1 

H_ to mak •• Revolution In the U& 
C.... lIIoneored by the YIA. Wed .. 
Nov. 2D.U p.m. In Muir 2A 2'101. (11l21li1 

If you w.reln the Lit 10 P,.-Law MCtIon 
IeIt .prlng. P ..... com. to the Lh 10 
offIc. (HL ,., .nd fill out .n 
ev.lu.tlon of thet COUrH. Thenk you. 
(11/211 

UCLA GRADUATE SCHOOL OF 
MANAOEMENT hM reachoduledl M • . 
EI .. n Rubin will be on cempu. to telk 
with Int.r •• t.d .tud.nt. .bout 
flnenc'" .Ide. progrem.. .dmlAl_ 
Thure.. Nov .• 21. 10:30 . 12:30 .t the 
Stud.nt Center loune. Conference 
Room on • drop-'n-be., •. Brochu,.. .t 
C.r •• r PI.nnlng. On •• m. dlY-' 
UNIVERSITY OF SANTA CLARA 
SCHOOL OF LAW .t MC 412 Con-
f.renc. Room (rm 171 from 1 ~ p. m. M • . 
Ro •• llnde B •• r I. p.rtlcul.rly In-
t.r .. ted In ..... klng with .tudenta of 
A.I.n h.rlte.. .bout pro.rem.. Id-
mlulon •• fln.ne'" .Id •. 111/2D1 

ENERGV RESEARCH & DEVELOP-
MENT ADMINISTRATION (formerly 
AECI Intervl_ln. Frld.y. Nov. 22. 
Seeking BA. MS In Phvelc.. Applied 
Phv.'c.. AMES. POIltlon. will .tr ... 
the pr.ctlc.1 developm.ntel •• pecte of 
• ngln .. rlng. N.tlonwld • . Appte. & Info 
at Cer •• r I0OI H&SS. (11/221 

U' GEOLOGICAL IURVEY--
Co .... rv.tlo" Dlv'.'.n Can appllod 
ecIeMo II'OUpl on camPU8 Thu"'y. 
Nov. 21 ........ M •• Oeoloev •• Ao. MS 
O.o"hy.lo. .nd En,lne.rln.: for 
..-...- .......... lit peIrOIeum 
problem. (will ... PhD. Interwtod In 
.pplied eclencel. Weatom US .nd 
epecIflcelly LA ...... A ....... and Info .t 
C.,.., Plennlntl .... H& ••. (11l21li1 

HEBREW CLASSES: Mr.. Gila 
Neveh.Hebrew E-2, Hebrew Ut 10 •• nd 
upper dlvlalon Hebrew. E-2 win meet 
MWF 12-1. lit 10 will meet MWF 1-2, 
upper dM .. on will be .".nged. Can 
.dd c ...... In J.nuaryl (11/221 

Prof. Hanneh Friedman of the UCSO 
Blo Dillt. will be the Wom.n·. C.nter 
gu .. t for Inform.1 d,.cu .. 'on. W.d 
noon. In the c.nter. (11/221 

The Muir Coll.g. Council hie one 
openlne e.ch for v.rlou. c.mpu. 
commln_. Including the R .. ,.tr.tlon 
F_. Ind the Hou.lng .nd Food Ad-
vl.orv Commln... Pick up In .~ 
pllCltlon .t the Muir DMn'. Offlc • . 
Meetlne on Frl. 111/2111 

Grad .tudente •• teff .nd .pou ... meet 
for Blbl •• tucly .nd .plrltu.1 reflection 
tomorr_. (Thu,.d.yl 7:30 p.m . • t 
Unlv.,.,ty Luthe"n Church loung •. All 
w.lcom •. 111/2111 

lectures 
IS SPAIN'S ECONOMIC STRUCTURE 
DIFFERENT FROM ECONOMIES OF 
WESTERN DEVELOPED NATIONS? Fri. 
Nov. 22 .t 2 p.m. In the Int.rnetlonel 
C.nt.r. Dr. Gum.relndo Rulz. Flnel 
.... Ion of " Bounderl •• of Ib.ro-
Medlt.rreneen Civilization." an In-
t.rdl.clplln.ry .. miner. (11/201 

Dr. .... Grey. Aulalilllt Prof...,. 
D-.t. of Human~. U.w..Ity 
of California. DavIe· N-e.! V __ 
R.atIvttv. FrL. Nov. 22. 2:00 D.m .. R_ 
....... (111D1 

ZIONISM: NAnONAL UIERAnON OR 
NEO-COLONIAU.M7 Wed .. Nov. 211 Dr. 
H.rry RuJa of &D.U will ..... on. "A 
Free P.opIe In Our Own Land: The A.-
building of the ..... of I ..... 1112-
1 ..... 7:a1 next to the HL Aud. (11/2D1 

dances 
Corneto the WOMEN" DANCE on Nov. 
21 .t I".m.ln the Ree. R_ of the ... w 
Gym. Women mueicle .. and • women 
celler, refroehmenb too. More Info: cell 
the C.nter 4I2.2DZ3 or M.r .. ~ . 
111/2D1 

movies 
"T.n D.v. Thet Shook the World." 
C .... lc film on the October 1117 
Revolution. Fri., Nov. 22.U p.m . .... EI 
C.lon Bid,. For Info 210-1212. 111/221 

Rebel Without. C.u .. 110:001 & E .. t of 
Ed.n 11:001 .terrlng J.m .. D .. n, Thure. 
Nov. 21. USB Z722. 7Ii conte. Prel. by 
Thu,.. Nlte Film Socl.ty. (11/2111 

, 

AMES film •• rI .. Thu,.. Nov. 21. 12:00 
USB 21122 Vorticity. Pt 2. (11 /211) 

music 
Com. to the 101th .nnlv.,..ry Scon 
Joplin Blrthdey Perty. Gr .. t r.gtlm • . 
R.v.lI. Coff.. Hou... S.turdev . 
Nov.mb.r 23. 8:30 p.m. Fr ... (11/221 

~~~~~~~~~~~advertisements for oUBelves~~~~~~~ 
for sale 

B"nd N.w SKISI for .. I. KASTLE CPM 
Cob". no or belt off.r. Orlglnel .'60. I 
el.o hev. other model, In FICHER. 
KASTLE ATOMICS .t G,..t Prlc •• ~AII 
ere Factory Gua"nt .. for 1 yr. Mak. 
me an off.r. SM O.v. R-10 Muir Apt 
462-91126. (11/221 

B •• utiful H.nd·Carved picture frem ••. 
AII.lze • . R ••• on.bl • . A.k for G., • . 4153-
5142 or 753-2137. (11/221 

.t.r.o for HI. dvneco/ .dvent MOO be.t 
off.r mlk. 270-1331 111/201 

TEAC 4010 RMI to R .. I Auto R.v. Good 
t300 L_ ... Nlkon 106mm w/hood&UV 
Alt.r. L.nter IiOOmmw/ ce ••• ,26 Nch 
273-7101 .ft.r.' p.m. (11/2111 
Tlck.te for tha AII·C.' Wlnt.r Cernlv.1 
in Steemboet Spring. Colo. will br on 
.... In room 20 In the R.c. Gym only 
until Nov. 22. (11/2111 
14 ft Tr.v.1 trall.r w l full I.n.th 
.waning double b.d & bunk" Bill 
Pow.1I Ext. 30;12. (11 /201 

SU RFBOARO 8 ft. H.ne.n Gun Virtually 
new in PERFECT condition .• 120 or be.t 
off.r. c.1I 462-.' 111/201 

For S.le: Surfboerd 6' 11". Excellent 
condo t!iO or b •• t offer. 481 -9603. 111/221 

For Sal.: 1968 Chry.l.r. N.w Yorkar. 
Excell.nt condition. After 8 p.m. 462· 
1714. $770 or b.st offer. (11/221 
Bvclcle is looking for a n.w owner. $18 
or be.t offer. Call Claudio et 462-1714. 
(11 /221 
T.n spe.d bike, $40. 459-7634. (11 /221 
For Sale, 3 pc. set $75. Crib & manre ••• 
2 "atching chests . Call 453-8813. 
(p1 '/201 

O ..... N ROOM in house in Del M.,. $92. 
Fur ,. avail . anytime UP to Jan. 6. Call 
755 53:13. (11/271 

Fer der Jaguar electric guitar $175 or 
off tr; Pesk.$25; Weights $12; New Math 
100 fJ 140 book. " I & .13 ... "! 3'1'11 
(11 20J 
Fa, Ie' Dvnemlc VR17 skis. 194cm. 
wI Jlrtding.··.l00 Northwelt.rn golf 

CIUDS~ new Iron .. ·t!iO. 462-0131 aft.r 5. 
(11'~1 

C. culator: Sears Eh~c . • lId. rul., It III on 
warranty . • 120 new,lIow.96 Perf.ct for 
Phv •. Ch.m. Steve 462-1314. ('1/221 

personals 
AI and John: What .re YOU planning 
now? (Nothing good I tru.tl vv (11/201 
H.y mouth in Gal.th .. the lov. Iff.'r I. 
ov.r ... lerry ha. e live on. now .... too 
bid 111 /201 

D.priv.dl Do you .tlll f •• 1 thet w.y 
aft.r our hot det.? Another "vl.lt' · c.n 
b • .,renged ... (11/201 

Wowdy .. YoU w.r. lI.ht & brelzy & I 
knew lu.t whet to do. now you look .0 
unhappy .nd I f .. 1 Ilk. e fool •• nd lte 
too .. t •• bebv now It'. too .. t . .... (11/201 
Predlctebl.: All rlghtl No morelall belt. 
H.ppv Blrthd.vl (11/2D1 
Humpe-Such I. IIfl. No? Don't I.t It .et 
you d_n- IT IS e b ... tIlT.x 111/2D1 

Shar. .orry to h .. r you .re IHvlne. 
hop. you find e lot of frleneli out there--
I'm.o gl.d you Clmelnto mv IIf • . Stev. 
(11/2D1 

. D •• r Curly John. Another hot wMk.nd 
with .'ght hourI In the c.r7 At I ... t 
.tey and help me with my meth ... The 
girl from B.I Alr ... 111/2D1 

M ' n M: Think. for the fleetin. 
Chocolet. Chip Sund.elv). J ' n R. 
(11/201 
03&'. torment 2154'.; help I·v. got the 
D.O.B. blu .. com. on •. coma on •• CG 
I.t'. g.t It together. ~111201 
Ron-Heppl .. t of B·D.V" Vou didn't 
h.v. t'O b •• 0 nlc . ... Tr.c • . And Norm-
Thanx for the I ••• on. 111/201 

O.ar Trol" of Ur.y H.II: Whet do you 
do in your lib. et 3:30 on Sund.y 
morning? Wa ... you ... Slgn.d the 
Blak. Slet.,. (11/201 
lInle Ms. Sunoco: Will the dlk •• hold or 
will HolI.nd p.rish. I'm going up the 
pool to find out Ed PI.r. 111/201 

B.,b: like my wom.n strong. 
mysterious. and cool. Think you fit the 
description. Rockv. 11 1/201 

To C.B.&Fri.nds: Som.tim. this week 
nole hole tau,. wil t.ke you to the 
underg round. (11/201 
Mole Hole Tours wishes to announce 
special holldav turkey tours. Watch for 
further d.tails. (11/201 
Harkl Is that Captian Meteor hanging 
on a meat hook In a fr •• z.r. (11 /201 
Rockv··1 am who I am. As yDU un-
tinulKobly know evary entanglement 
has If'. und.rcov.r ag.ntl. Llfayette. 
(11 /201 
A&A·-Re.d the door & get the hint l 
VRM (11/201 
A.V.-·How could you Ictuilly kl .. It7 
Slgn.d: Mar. CIII' 111/21 

D •• r •• t Tova: Whet c.n I Hy?··Exc.pt 
Heppy Blrthd.y tomorrow. Get hl.h 
and k .. p on kMpln' on. V.r Phrl.nd. 
DOD 111/201 

Bugger. B.hlnd min. gle .. y .y •• and 
brHth. o· br.w th.r. II ... golden 'art 
lu.t for you. Oldflng.,. Ip11/201 

To mv l.dy· A v.ry Heppv BirthdlY .nd 
" A bush.1 and a p.ckl" lov • . Stan 
Sw.etheert. 111/201 

Page" Triton Time Novemh .. r 20, 1974 

Qu •• n of the m.nr ... ··whV don't you 
com. and check out the " .pr .. d of my 
bed." No more of thl. Mlck.y Mou .. ·1 
wlnt your body. KII"r 111/201 

INTRAMURAL SAUNA TEAM··AII 
Int.,..ted .'.n up In the S.une. Thu,. .. 
Nov. 21 .t 9:12-·au neturell • . 111/2111 

To the cut. r.dhoed thet Ilk .. to .tere 
.t m • • I'd Ilk. to g.t to k~ YOU. 
Gu ... who 111/2D1 

MI Qu.rldo g •• per··vou .re the .un-
• hlne of mv lov.·k.... 'hlnnlng on. 
Lov •• your PolI.h Huse, •. (11/2111 
R.ndy: H.v •• happy blrthdey with .11 
d.llb.ret. .peed. SbV .w.y from 
merk.te. 227 It m.k.. me wond.rl 
H.rry Beechem •• neII hi. too. Obedlr 
dictum A"n (11/2D1 
Prom I •• him .nythlne. but "v. him hi. 
V.nll .. W.f.,.. (11/201 
G.n. AI'. O.n,-W.·re holding your 
g"nt comdOl·-how .tlmuletlne·-for 
ren.orne. The Bltchen On ... 111/201 

Tlmmv & BIlIy·Sorry to dl .. ppolnt you 
the other nl,ht but I .m • b"etl They 
c.1I me Hump • • V .. 7 (11/201 
leurle F.rn: M.y .now f.1I upon YOur 
h •• dl During v.c.tlon ... Lov •• Dev.y 
(11/201 
I & I. Fool. f.1I In where .n.el. feer to 
tr •• d. B_er. of unentlclp.ted com-
p.titlon. M.rcll ... ,v. The River QUMn •. 
(11/201 
THALIA. Heppv Birthday. H.v. a grHt 
d.v. Lab of lov •. The Gang. (11/201 
Virgin m.'e n •• d.d to f.e.t on the 
treasure set for our .trang. devlc •• 
nous sommes du aol, II'danc. of the 
dawn ritual. Mu.t b. abl. to Cllt out a 
spell r.nd.red for the light of day. Call 
488-2042 and talk to the sunlight call.r. 
(1 1/201 

Cutle: Have a " bltch.n" birthdavl 
Happv 22ndl " SMILEY AND SALAD 
BAR" (11/201 

TlGHTBU NS·· Tlghtbunl yes t.rdav. 
Tlghtbun. tomorrow. but never. n.ver 
Tightbuns todav·Bobo. (11/2C; 

Little R.d (HiIt.ryl·Vou .ur • .,. looking 
goodl The BI. B.d Wolf. (11/201 

Chutchle. Chutchl •. Chutchl. do yOU 
love m. 7 Chutchl • . Chutchl • • Chutchl. 
do you c.re? · le Tigre (11/201 

To Tube or not to Tube: Whon c.n you 
w.,k on w.t.r? ·Gr.y S •• , (11/201 

Would b. R.dlcel: Intallr.t. your roote 
and your p __ wiN b. multiplledl . 
Your R.ciprocil. (11/201 

T.II me Gr.v S •• I. How doe. It feel 
be 10 wise? To ... throu.h ay •• the, 
only s .. wh.,. r.ol7 ,CIPteln Mlteor 
111/201 

Dear H.l . - Cerol Ind Sue .. Id you c.n 
u •• th.lr J.cuzl. but won't the bl .. ch 
f.da vou? (11/2111 
Hooked·-Your Brldg. pl.ylng .blllty 
h •• I.ft m. un.rlv .peachl .... The Ac. 
of No Trump • . (11/201 
long Llv. V.llow Snow .'urpl .. (11/2111 
Dud. with the Short. Short leg.: 0_ 
It hlv. to be fnvolou.? Blond". 111/2D1 

D •• r D.d- With I body Ilk. you,. the 
t.mptatlon m.y prove to much for m •• 
.nd with a wat.rb.d 
non.th.le .. ,IIVour loving dlu.ht.r 
(11/201 
The Gang-The "n.om. off w.loet It to 
the "big dOl." Well h. c.n bit the big 
on.' W.r •• orry. B1. (11/201 

housing 
2BR IPt. 1 BA flr/cerp.t, .wlm/pool 
plu. lIundry .• ,. mo. Avail. PB e,.. 
D.c. 1. m-0191-.v • . 111/221 

Roomm.te needed. pool. furn. laundry. 
.'00/mo. 1.t & ... t plu • .., dep. __ 
1142 Ift.r S. (11/271 

Female needed to .here condominium 
for wlnt.r. 1 % mil .. from .chool. .'00. 
C1114I3-.a or 463-1331. 111/271 

F.m. houHm.t. need.d to .her. 2BP.. 
hou •• 'n La Jol ... "/mo. plu. utll. Beg. 
Nov. 26. __ 2390 7IliT1 d.y ..... ,242 
nit ... No pote. 111/221 

Room for 1 or 2 in hou •• neer Wln-
d.n.... .76 plu. utllltl... _ .II*i. 
(11 /251 

Ne.d male rmmat. imm.dl.tely for 3 
bdroom. 2 bath. fully furnlsh.d Condo 
in Solana Beach .,00/month 7156-1842. 
(11/201 

Mala room mat. to .here v.rv nlc. 2 br. 
haUl. I. MI"lon Belch, W/ W. 
flreplece . .hutt.,.. g."g., p.b ok. 
"'211/mo. cell •• rly ___ . (11/261 

ROOMMATE NEEDED: M., • . Own rm 
in 2Br Apt. In Solene. 1 Blk from Bch. 
1112/ mo' 8 mo. I .... be.'na Dec. 1. C.II 
481-... (11/'''' 

LARGE .RM: For 1-" plu. ut for 2-'-
plu. ut. E •. M or F .here .pt. w/l M: 
Dec. ,I D .. Mar · 1'a-I62D (11/221 

Two bedr_m •• v .... bI. In 10. MI.elorl 
b •• cllfront hou... flr.plec. . 2102 
Str.ndw.y - ph 212-I00I. (p11/221 

HOUSEMATE WANTl:u for Qul.t 
hou .. hotd In C.rdlff. Gred Itudent or 
.. nelble human beln. preferred. ,. 
rent __ Tom or 1fI3..M7I J .. n .... 
111/221 

wanted 
Need rid. to Sen Frencl.co. L .. vlng 
Nov. 27. Will .here p. & drlvlne. C.II 
""onln •• 1II5-1I3I. 111/221 

Wlnt.r Qu.rter··P.8. H.v. cer. need 
rld.re. Minimal charg •. C.II Ann: m-
72D3 (11/2111 

Need ride to S.nte Berllere. tomorrow, 
Nov.mber 21. Will .here '" ..... _ 
Ind com ... ny. C.II B ... y- 413-1011. 
(11/2D1 
W.nted: A Schwinn or Huffy Stlnerey. 
t2O-2I1 C.II Pet.r It 412-'" (11/2111 
NEED EXTRA CASH7 P.vlng Too Dolier 
for your U.S. Silver Colne Minted bef_ 
'''. K.n 412-... (" 1111 

. 

services 
Wom.nc.r., Info & r.f.".11 preg.ncy 
t .. t. birth control .• bortlon •• pr.netel 
cer.. 10lI0 O.rnet ..... 71111 111/271 

TYPIST: IBM Term ... ...,.. theeM. 
dl ... rtetlon ••• tc. Edltlng/RUSH JOBS ' 
X.rox. Andl: 210-I2III7 & MQ."'. 
(p111271 

T.rm PI.,.,.I Ceneda· ... r ... t eervlco. 
For cetelOlu. lend .2 to: e. .. V S.r-
vic... &7 Spedlne Av... No. 2111. 
Toronto. OnUrio. C.nede. (PlIII 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
mod .... v.,leb,. c.1I Mr. FI ... V 212-
21 • . (P11131 

lost and found 
lo.t: On. N_ Am.rlcen Stendard 
Bible on Thufl. 14 Nov. If found. cIIi 
462-9963 lin le Jollel. 11"201 

Lost: Brillht y.llow. Ecomonic HI.tory. 
p.p.r bb.ck book. C.II 462-9720. Thank 
you. 111/201 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE with 
Cher·Tou,. on P.n-Am. LA d .... rture • . 
RESERVATIONS: TGT ,.. Sky P.rk 
Blvd. 32G. Irvine. C •. 71 ...... ,.,.. IPlIII 

EUROPE· . ISRAEL& ORIENT. Low caet • 
.tudent fll,hte .11 veer round. A.I.S.T. 
'''' S. le CI.ne,a .lvd. Loe A.,... ... 
I003I (7141 l44-1li3 or (2131 .-2721 
(P11/271 

I!UROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA Stud.nt 
fM,hte .11 yeer round CONTACT: I.CA 
_ Unlverelty Ave. _11 "n D ... o. 
C.IIf. 12111 TEL I7MI 37-3010 12111 ... 
_1P11/271 

SSW T"."eI OffIc • . ON CAMPUS · 
EUnOPF It NY Chanertr UCSD Int'l 
r •• ter ..... 10-1:30 M.W.'. ONLY 
Ipr ./271 


