
times Student Group to FIght Plus-Minus Gulf Boycott by David Cassidy 

VOLUME 22 NUMBER );f ,~ UCSD MAY 17, 1974 

by Paul Osterman III 

Lobbying against the 
proposed plus & minus (-
gradin~ system began 
shortly after the Committee 
on Educational Policy (CEP) 
approved the proposal 'on 
May 10. 

Lee Burke, who is 
coordinating director of the 
students against the plus-
minus system, told the 
Triton Times, " The focus of 
our drive is simply to speak 
with the faculty . Students 
who have volunteered will 
talk with faculty members 
in any way they deem 
appropriate . They will 
attempt to present 
arguments in our favor. 

In addition to the 
gauging of student opmion 
by the registrar's office, 

Burke said that she would 
iike to see each college 
augment that data through 
their general elections to be 
held at all the colleges in 
the near future . "This will 
provide for more analysis," 
she said . 

Burke is currently 
drawing up the official 
position paper for the 
Undergraduate Student 
Council (TUSC). TUSC took 
action against the proposal 
last Monday night. The 
position was opposed only 
by Revelle representative, 
Don Murphy. Apparently 
Murphy was unsure of how 
his constituency felt on the 
issue. 

The Black Student 
(BSU], alonl with 

e African Liberation 
upport Com mitt 

(ALSC], headed by 
Davenport, picketed 
Atomic in San 

continued on pale ~ 

Third College-Sponsored 

TUSC to Consider Structuring 

"Our arguments are 
valid and convi ncing," she 
said, " and I have faith in the 
power of reasoning of the 
faculty . They are a very 
responsible group and I 
don't think that they would 
want to inflict something of 
this nature on the 
students." 

Energy Conference 
by Wade Chandler direction of the com-

The future direction of mittee's work had been 
student government at available . 
UCSD may be decided at a When asked for a 
special meeting of The progress report at the April 
Undergraduate Student 29 TUSC meeting, com-
Cou ncil (TUSC) this mittee member Marco 
Monday at {, p .m . in the liMandri responded with 
Student Center. "No comment." At the 

At that time, the plan TUSC meeting last Monday, 
formulated by the TUSC Karen Steen tofte also 
Long-Range Planning declined comment, except 
Commission, better known to promise that the com-
as the Model-Building mittee's final report would 
committee, will be con- be completed by the May 
sidered for adoption . Also 15 deadline. 
to be considered are several According to Ron Bee, 
alternative proposals by another model committee 
TUSC members. member, the lack of ad-

TUSC is under vance information on the 
tremenaous pressure to committee's efforts was due 
settle the question of next to the fact that 
year's structure as quickly disagreements between 
as possible .• A delay is members have only 
possible, but in all recently been resolved . " It's 
likelihood some proposal been tough ," he com-
will be adopted at the mented. 
meeting on Monday. The In an interview last 
sess ion will be open to the Wednesday, Bee discussed 
public . the philosophy behind the 

The long-awaited committee proposal, and 
proposal of the model some of its broad features . 
committee was scheduled " There isn't any trust now in 
to be presented to TUSC student government," he 
and any other interested said, then qualified that 
persons at a special in- remark with "Well, there is, 
formational meeting but not very much." He 
yesterday eveniQg . This indicated that restoration of 
meeting was for discussion student trust was a central 
only, with actual voting theme of the committee. 
reserved until the Monday ' Bee labeled the proposed 
general session . system a " Student Co-

Appointed over a month operative," composed of 
ago by TUSC chairwoman " interest groups and 
Stephanie Harris, the nine- motivated individuals ." 
member model committee There will be a central 
has been meeting in - council of 20 to 30 persons, 
tensively for the last three perhaps even more. This 
weeks, attempting to group will select six to 
resolve internal differences seven co-ordinators to 
and hammer out a com- administer various specific 
prehensive plan for next areas. 
year . Until the Thursday Regarding the proposed 
presentation, very little indirect representation 
information about the scheme, Bee felt that 

Errata 
In last Tuesday's paper, in an article entitled 

'Amid Protest, CEP Repasses GP Motion', CEP 
chairman Newmark was quoted in the last 
paragraph, owing to an administrative error on 
our part. The statement was, in reality, made by 
another professor on the committee, whom we did 
not intend to identify. 

In addition, the name of the proposed Provost 
for Fourth College was rather grossly misspelled 
two issues ago. He is Dr. Lea Rudee. 

The Triton Times wishes to apologise for these 
errors. 

d. /' I 

" We're not ready for 
elections here." He stressed 
that a spirit of cooperation 
among all membprs of the 
council will be absolutely 
essential ; he added that the 
present student council 
lacks such a spirit . 

The next TUSC meeting 
would normally be on 
Monday, May 27, which is 
the Memorial Day holiday. 
The meeting date was 
advanced one week to 
avoid the holiday and to 
permit earlier action on the 
model committee proposal. 

The time pressure arises 
mainly from the fact that 
the structure of the all-
important budget 
allocation mechanism 
cannot be determined until 
the basic organizational · 
structure for next year is 
settled . Actual budget 
allocation, probably the 

continued on page 2 

Burke commented 
further, " we need to get the 
faculty to attend the 
Academic Senate meeting 
in June. There will be a floor 
debate and if there is a 
good job on our part, the 
vote will go in our favor and 
we will win ." 

In addition to the floor 
debate, the AS will be 
presented with the results 
of the student wide poll 
being conducted by the 
registrar's office and the 
CEP. The poll, scheduled to 
be mailed early next week, 
will ask students . their 
specific preference, pro or 
con, on the plus-minus 
issue. Ballots will be turned 
in at various ballot boxes to 
be placed around the 
campus. 

Over the next five years, nine billion dollars will be 
spent by the Federal Government on fossil fuel research . 
" Further emphasis on fossil fuels is sheer idiocy," ac-
cordi ng to Dr. Alan Schneider, Engineering Science 
Professor at UCSD, " We need meaningful research to 
solve one of the major problems of society-the energy 
crisis." 

Dr. Schneider is coordinator of the Third College 
Energy Conference, to be held in the V .A . Hospital 
Conference room today and tomorrow. The conference 
is free and open to the public . It will deal with "energy 
from non-polluting resources: Schneider told the Triton 
Times "and will be of special interest to inner city 
inhabitants since pollution is a great problem in those 
areas." 

The conference will host nationally known experts 
such as Dr. Kenneth Watt from the Davis Institute of 
Ecology, Dr. lester Lees and Dr. Homer Stewart from the 
California Institute of Technology, Dr. Aden Meinel 
from the University of Arizona, Dr. George Szego from 
Intertechnology in Virginia, and others. 

Essential facts about obtaining energy, without 
pollution, from renewable resources will be disc.ussed . 

Energy sources such as windmills, solar power, and 
flywheels wi II be presented, along with, "Energy from 
Ocean Waves," by Professor John Isaacs from Scripps. 

Schneider commented, "The conference will present 
the alternatives open to us now as the policies for the 
nation's energy future are being framed ." 

~ __________ The (Qndidotes ------------.., 
Brown~ O'Neill Speak in SO Area 

O'Neill: Public Financing 
by Malcolm Smith 

Calling for campaign 
reform and public financing 
of campaigns and citing 
lack of honesty and in-
tegrity in her opponents, 
Cathy O'Neill , candidate for 
Secretary of State, spoke 
Monday in the Revelle 
Plaza . 

Speaking for fifteen 
minutes before a small and 
marginally interested 
group, O'Neill called for 
public support of cam-
paigns to counteract the 
inordinate advantage of 
incumbents. "We already 
have public support of 
campaigns" she said, "but 
only for the incubent", who 
gets the use of state-

support~d staff, phones, 
and mailings. 

O'Neill has subscribed to 
a code of campaign ethics, 
a voluntary, 7-point 
program designed to 
eliminate distortion of facts 
and political mud-slinging, 
and that involves the 
notification of one's op-
ponents 24 hours in ad-
vance of distribution of any 
political advertisements, 
and prohibits the last 

minute mailings of political· 
literature . 

O'Neill said that public 
financing is necessary if the 
representative base is to be 
broadened to include 

Kathy O'Neill 
women, young people, and 
ethnic groups,claiming that 
financial upport for 
political candidates comes 
from white males, a trend 
that I reflected in the 
make-up of the tate 
legislature. 

Realisti ally, O'N ill e 
little chance of public 

continued on p~le a 

Brown: Lobbyists Spend $1 million 
by James G. Soto 

Secretary of State Ed-
mund G. Brown Jr. urged 
the passage of Proposition 
9, the Political Reform 
initiative, Monday in San 
Diego while campaigning 
for the Democratic 
nomination for governor. 

Brown said that his office 
in Sacramento has found 
that state lobbyists have 
spent S1 million wining and 
dining public officials in the 
past fifteen months. Brown 
aid these lobbyists have 

one purpose, to influence 
public officials. Brown said 
that in acramento, "a 
legislator never ha to buy a 
meal for him elf. ". 

Brown was in town to 

campaign and their own 
opposition of Proposition 9, 
Brown said that " Prop. 9 is 
pro-labor and anti-
corruption . " 

When asked by the Triton 

speak before a luncheon c f Ed d 
th Men's 0 mocratic Club mun G. Brown , Jr. 
of an Diego and th,) Times If he had exceeded 
Professional Democrati< the proposed Prop 9 
Club of an Diego. In a spendini limit he aid, "My 
press conference bt!iore the campaign WI I pruuably 
luncheon Brown talked xceed lightly the amount 
about Propo ition 9 and propo ed a! a maximum by 

ampalgn reform He th Reform Initiative" 
upport Propo! :Uon 9 Brown aid however that 

be ause it If racks down on when the campaign tarted 
lob by it " . W hen arh r 10 th year, " I asked 
que tlon d about organized 
labor' upport of hIS continued on ... e • 



t Smith Will Head New IT Board 
Malcolm . Smith was elected Tuesday as Editor-in-

Chief of the riton Times; effective at the beainnina of 
the 1974-75 school year. 

Smith, who was elected by a majority vote of the 
papers eXE'Cutive board combined with a select aroup 
of staff members, will oversee all editorial and business 
matters for the Times. He replaces David L. Buchbinder. 

Other members of the newlv-elected board are : 
, Edward Simons, Managing Editor. Simons, this yeai' 

a columnist and assistant managing editor, will 
supervise the production of the paper, including layout 
of advertisements and pages and distribution. He will 
continue to write 'Low Blows and Cheap Shots'. This 
year's Managing Editor was Michael Sesma. 

11 John H. Taylor, City Editor. Taylor, who-has worked 
as City Editor for the past month, will assign, edit, and 
write news and feature stories. He will also produce a 
weekly 'At Large', column for the paper. 

11 Joni Garwood, Copy Editor. Garwood; who wrote a 
column for last year's Triton Times, will now handle the 
proofing and rewriting of all copy published in the 
paper, and will work at the printer with members of the 
Managing Editor's staff. She replaces James G. Soto, 
who will continue as a political columnist. 

The New Board, from left : Rauber, M. Robinson , 
Girard, Simons , K . Robinson, Coxe, Taylor, 
Heimler, Smith, Deckel, Snodgrass. Missing: 
Woebler, Garwood. 11 Mike Robinson , Business Manager . Robinson will 

supervise all functions of the business department, with 
emphasis on the soliciting and design of display ad-
vertisements . He replaces Rue Hinton . 

, Charles Heimler, Editorial Director. In charge of 
soliciting opinion columns and initiating editorials 
within the newspaPer, Heimler replaces Philip Protter. 

Kirk Robinson. the new Sports Editor, will produce 
the sports pages of the paper, while Art Editor larry 
Deckel , an incumbant, will handle all Arts news next 
year . John Snodgrass will continue as Science editor . 

Kathy Coxe will replace Corky Cacas as Secretary for 
the Triton Times. handling all classified advertising. and 
will hold the newspaper together. 

We mourn the tragic deaths 
of our children 

The Associate City Editors for the new board are Chris 
Rauber. Valerie Girard, and Mark Woebler. 

in Maalot, Israel. TUSC Reorganization 
continued from page 

Memorial prayers will be said 
at Temple 8eth EI, 3410 
Acadia Blvd. May 17th at 
3410 Mt. Acadia Blvd. 

most difficult and con-
troversial duty of a student 
government, has not yet 
begun , and cannot begin 
until a budget system 

8:00 

TRITON TIMES QUESTIONNAIRE 
No one will believe this, but the idea 

for this questionnaire occurred to us 
before North Star's and the Reader's 
questionnaire appeared . Our purpose is 
to learn what you think of us ilndwhat 
you think needs improvem~nt. 

The questionnaire is divided into three 
parts; Us, You, and Things We'd Like to 
Know. We ask that you fill out the first 
part if nothing else. However. if we get 

enough response to the other categories, 
we will tabulate them also. All results will 
be published. 

Finished questionnaires may be 
dropped in the boxes provided at the 
libraries and commons around the 
campus, or can be brought or mailed to 
our office in Lower Blake Hall. UCSD, La 
/olla . Thank you. 

~1 ' Would like to have TT published (more often, less often)? 2. I (always. usually, hardly ever, never) read the News section . ~ . .' (always, usually. hardly ever, never) read the Editorials and political opinions. 4. I (always. usually, hardly ever, never) read the letters to the editor sec-
tion. 

V') 5. I (always, usually, hardly ever. never) read Low Blows & Cheap Shots. 
=> 6. I (always. usually, hardly ever, never) read the Sports section . 

7. I (always. usually, hardly ever, never) read the Arts section . 
8. I (always. usually, hardly ever, never) read the back page. 

proposal is adopted . The 
operations of many student 
organizations funded by 
TUSC would be severely 
disrupted if this task is not 
completed before the 
summer recess . 

A SOPHISTICATED 
PIIOIiNIISIS II 
YOUR FUTURE 
INDICATES THAT 
1&111 II YOU 
WIU HAVE NEED 
UFUSINTHE 
NEXT YEAR. 

77th Annual NCAA golf 
Tournament, June 19-22, 

Carelton OaJcs. 

Peace Corps, VISTA Work 
UCSD seniors with in-

terests in applying for Peace 
Corps or VISTA business, 
home economics or 
education assignments 
which begin training in the 
fall should file applications 
May 20-23, according to 
campus coordinator Mary 
Lou Morelock. 

The 23-year old former 
ACTION Volunteer stressed 
that the application is not a 
binding contract and may 
be terminated at any time 
by the Peace Corps or 
VISTA Volunteer . 

Applications and in-
formation dealing with 
Peace Corps and VISTA 
projects in 69 developing 
countries and 3,000 United 
States low-income com-
munities will be available in 
the Informal Lounge of 
Revelle College from 9 :00 
A.M. to 3:00 P.M. 

Miss Morelock said that 
the second combined Peace 
Corps and VISTA 
recruitment effort of the 
year on the La Jolla campus 
is directed to seniors 
looking for one or two year 
opportunities to apply 
classroom knowledge at 
mid-career levels . 

"In Colombia and Costa 
Rica, among other Peace 
Corps host countries," said 
Miss Morelock, "business 
Volunteers are providing 
on-the- job training and 
technical assistance 
programs for s(T1all business 
owners, plus in some cases. 
actually writing the 
country's national urban 
economic plan ." She said 
that basically the work 
breaks down into small 
business assistance. 
developing cooperatives 
and public administration. 

NOW AVAILABLE IN UCSD BOOKSTORE 

A COMPLE1E LOCAL TELEVISION GUiDE 

The marketing research specialists who gave 
America the Datsun automobiles (260Z, 8-210. 610, 
510, Lil Hustler truck, etc.) havedetennined that 16" 
of the 8,000,000 college students in this country will 
buy a new or used car within the next year. 

Using a slide-rule and sheer blind luck, we 
figured that equals 8.160 persons of the 51.000 in 
San Diego's university communities. 

So we figured we'd talk to you briefly and 
clearly: at Terry Allen Datsun in EI Cajon (EI Cajon 
Boulevard at Marshall just off the freeway from 
whence you can see our sign on a clear day) we be-
lieve that people involved in education (gelling or 
giving) deserve more than a hearty slap on the back 
and "well done" and all that other stuff. We believe 
that the break you'll be giving all of us by getting 
an education is worth a break to you right now on a 
new or used automobile. 

We'd Uke to prove k to you. 
With special financing to students. With spe-

cial d~s for students. With special care of students 
and faculty alike. 

Now's the time. You'lI probably be working 
this summer, so that'll give you good credit. 

So drop by Terry Allen Datsun. For a new 
Datsun or a used economy car of any make or model. 

It's worth 'a lot more than a slap on the back. 

101' IUDI AIIII B c.jII 
9. What particular parts of the TT do you like most? 
10 What parts do you despise? 
11. What parts need improvement? 

DISCOUNT 
TOURNAMENT TICKETS AVAILABLE 

AT: TERRY ALLEN ~UTOS 
I--

1 :~. a Sex (male, female) 
b Status (undergrad, grad, alumnus, staff, non-student) 

=> H Co llege (Revelle. Third, Muir, Scripps, Med School) 
o 1 j . Family income bracket (low, middle. upper) 
>- 1';.a Motor vehicle (own. don't own) 

~ b Residence (on campus , off campus) 17. If vou commute-how? (car, bus, thumb) 
'1'. Overall, I (approve, disapprove) of the Campus Programming Board. 
~ 13. Overall , I (approve, disapprove) of the Communications Board. 
~ n Overall. I (approve. disapprove) of TUSe. 
~ . 
o 21 . Academically, I would characterize UCSD as (excellent, good, mediocre, 

~ poor, bad). 
~ 22. Socailly, I would c haracterize UCSD as (excellent, good, mediocre, poor, 
~ bad). 
~ 23 If I could change anything about U(SD, I would ... (comment please) 
V') 24. If I could change anything about Triton Times, I would .. (comment 
~ please) 
I 25 . What other campus media do you read? (North Star. Prensa Popular) 
f- 26. I read them (more, less often than the Triton Times.) 

L27 Do you list n to KSDT? (y s, no) 26 On a scale of on to s ven , rate CAPE. (s ven is x ell nt) 
Pap 2 Triton Times, MIl' 17, 1974 

REVELLE ELECTIONSl!:::11 ====V=O=T=E=! =M=AY=2=1-=23===:=II! 
This full Pille advertisement is an effort by the Revelle Committee on' College 

Affairs (R.C.C.A.) to publicize Revelle's upcoming elections for the 1974-75 academic 
year. d 

Students are running for 2 important committees, R.C.C.A . and The Undergra uate 
Student Council (T.U.S.C.) . R.C.C.A. is a committee which serves Revelle College. It 
allocates Revelle's share of the vending machine profits and makes committee ap-
pointments and policy decisions at Revelle. ... 

T.U.S.C. is the university-wide student govemment at UCSD. ThiS committee tries 
to represent all students at UCSD and allocates over S110,000 in student activity fees 
each year. Though T.U.S.C. is now in the· process of being re-o~ganized, the two 
students picked in this election shall represent Reve ll e College In whatever form 
T.U .S.C. takes . 

Revelle students are also being asked to vote on two important issues which 
currently must be decided. 

R.C.C.A. Candidates 
TIm Coh.n: Th. RCCA fac_ Ita blgg.ot probl.m .Imply In .tud.nt 

recognition. Too .... ny ... unaw ... of Ita .. letanea .nd t.nd to lap .. Into 
Inee ... nt bitching over the school's unwrinen pollcl .. on IOClal I1fa and 
otu"'nt Int .. _ . Thl. I. wh ... the RCCA • •• R.v .... ·• only .oure. of 
.tu"'nt governm.nt. need. to c.rry the b.11 .nd become .n .ctlv. fore. In 
battllnll thll .tolcl.m which w. tend to lI.na .. t •• round ou .... v ••. The 
Com mitt .. hal the pow .... nd the buck. for thl •. end now onlv need. lome 
llood. herd Input. 

With the .dvent of the new otudant centar end tha IIr .. lnll to lI .. an.r 
p .. tur. of .om .. of Rav.I .. •• "'power cI1Qu . ... the RCCA now poa ...... 
1I,.t pot..., .. lln •• rvlnilito true purpo •• of provldlnll genuine leada .. hlp In 
.p.a rf1e.dlng coll.g •• ftsl.. . • 

Lind. King : Ev.ry V'" for the II., th ... y ..... omeolll running for 
R.C.C.A. ,urw.n 'P.thy c.mpailln. N.m.1y R.v.l1 •• tud ........ apathetic. I 
aav not .. much apathetic a. uninformed. Th. moat common , .. pon .. I 
,aeelved from p.op" whom I a.ked to allln my p.tltlon to run wa. "Whet'. 
R.C.C.A.7"" W.II. III R.v.I .. ·• stud.nt lIovernment. It h. between t3.OOO . 
Mi,DDO per Y'" to ap.nd for Rav .. l. Studenta. It .Iaa m ...... ppolnun.n .. to 
Imp_nt comml-.a .uch a. the Communlc.tlon Boa,d and the P'O!I .. m 
Board. I don't c .. lm to be .ble to get atudenla Involved but I do b .. I..,. th.t 
they .hould be kept Informed about w ...... th"r man., fa being ap.nt and 
whet the _ .. they elect ... dolng .• nd thl. I would do. 

Robin Mitchell: I n the two yea .. I' ... baan .t UCSD, I've g .... 1Iy beeom. 
Int_ted In participating In tha etudent government. Mombarshlp on 
R.C.C.A. would be my debut Into die PGlltlcal ... na of Raw ... I'm currantlv 
a,.. nlzlng • c.mpu.wld. photog"""y contael and wi" be taking Oft, tha 
Co-op Book Exchang. ne., ye •. Thaae ... the ~ of projacta thet I think 
ahould ... u ....... en to m .... If. ma .. Intaraatlng at R ........ nd I would 
Uk. to promote .uch .ctlvltlaa ltIrough R.C.C.A. 

G_g. Peo: A •• memb .. of tha R_1e atu"'nl bOdy, I .m "kind of" 
concerned .bout Ita .tud ..... · aoclaliltL Att.. living In the dorm during my 
fraah_ yea •• I think .om. Improv.menta ought to be .nd can b. d_. to 
• g .. t Ulant. ...... 11e Collage ... n .. c .... nt .nd highly comoatltlve 
col ...... nd averta .. hal to wort. vary "rd to k_ up Ita pace. Thu •• WI 
.n nMd .nd d_ • b_k one w.y or .noth • . ActIvItI ... nd .. plac .... 
.uch .. d.noaa •• nlartainmanta. .nd Improvem.nt. In .... "'atudent c.n .. r" 
Iwhlch .veryon. hae be ... waltlne fa,. long, 1_ tlm.l .• nd m.ny other 
ma .... hould be ... UP ICcordl.,. to the lIudenla' In ........ A •• ca.-rnad 
Rav"" etudent. I .... to be lII""n • chanc. to try doing .omathl.,. .bout tI. 
.ocl.lllte .0 that ou, ."" .. I.nca. he .... III .... mo .. enjoyabl. on • . 

M.rk R_art: I am • m.verick; .nd If alacted to R.C.C.A.. I prom'" ~ou 
that I will not follow cu"..,t Amerlc.n political t...... I wiN not taP' 
con ... rMlI_ln my afflc.1 (For R.C.C.A. _bare nalthar have offlc:ea to 
bug no •• 1C,etarlaa to .... thalr ml.tak.,. Anct I wi. not alow .... ow 
thin •• Ilk. the 8lana-M •• lcan fund. deal to ,0 unpunlahadl (Un'" I .. t 
~ of tha tak.l. But I wi. try to help tha R_II •• tudant'. "pl.ht'·. I will 
try to Inltiat. pcelti .... ctlon; for .... mp .. I w.nt to h.w .nother atuclant 
.. ferendum on tha A.S .B. llau •. I h.ve baan a R .. ldenc. H.n Chalrman.nd 
• tour guide on par ..... d.y. Now I would Uke to .. p..-t YOU on R.C.C.A. 

M.rte Rlepler: a .. lev. It or not. Rav .. l. c.n be mo .. then. heven for 
ov.rworked. har..-d blo· melo ... The oPponunltl .. to make thl •• ma .. 
exciting •• tlmu"tlng campU ........ Iy Umlll ... ; .n that Ie needed .... om. 
conc .. te Id_. More d.nc ••• _k .... concerto. mo .. ",lrlted aetlvltl .. 
11k. the trtcycle and orgenlc foot .. c .. (.nd .... of tho .. wlnlartim. blu •• ' 
• •• juat .om. of tha p ..... blHtl ••. I hope to halp d.v.lop Rav.11e .10.,. th ••• 
line., not only by myaalf. but th,augh • 1I ..... r p.rtlclpatlon of .tuden ... 

Th. RCCA can .1.0 b •• n ett.ctlv. mHna of ac.demlc cheng • . It I. 
compoaad of faeulty .nd .tud.nts .nd provld ••• f.vo .. b .... ttlng for 
much ..... dad Inter.ctlon b.tw .. n the two group • . I f.el thet I will b •• bl. 
to eff.ctlv.ly Impl.ment both my Id .... "d the .tuclanta· In chengino 
Rev.n. from a .h.llow. one-diman.lon.1 echaal to e ma .. dlv ..... nd 
.nerll.tlc campu •. 

8u .. n Scha.fa.: Studenla heve .Ir .. dy p.rcelved that .tudent lIovern-
m.nt ( ••• dmlnllt.ad bV tha .dmlniet .. tlonl Ie • gam. plloy'" to the ed· 
mlnl.t.-tlon·. rul ... Slnc.1 .... dy pa.caIv. thl. g.m ... belng p"yad I can 
work aff.c:dv.ly ••• llel .... be_n tha etudent In_ .nd tha .d· 
mlnlat .. tlon·. Int .... 1a eo thet both .1cIaa wll .t Ie.., k_ Informed, In-
at .. d of doin, any power trip over the atudente. I wNI puNU ... dlcel (not 
..ctloNlrvl aIt.netlv .. ln .11 aI __ one to k_ the atudent'. oPtI_ open. 

"Mr. Th_ I ... curtad up In hi. bad In • back w .. d of • eta .. hoepltal 
atarIne et • wetl . .. haen't apolean for • year .nd • MIf. H. Ie not much 
trouw.-Itfafelrly _ tofead and eI_n him. He J;robeblv wi. be kept •• "" 
for .... ny _" 

P.u" ImIth: The ............. of tile ~ Man. f_aln ... II 
d_ upon ilia ..... liii0 ........ of u........." .... dOaa _ ..... .- eo-
OOUnt_ ........... 1I ..... 1d ... dIe,..... of ......... __ to 
prow" "- n •• IIII, .............. ....,.... MIll to lie .... vee. 01 
................ _". _ only lie _ ........ If thaN .. 01-
feotIve ............. Oft ............................. r.......,. .. ... 
'TItM .,.. •• ...--.. 01 IlC.C.A. aM 11 ..... .- Hall ....... I _ I. 
..,., __ In ~ ... fer ... ~ lUI ... --, ........... _pu. 
........ 1,.... .. lie ,,-"V11 1If_ ................ If,. ..... 
wi ................ _ ... , .................. --. 

....... __ fer , ..... Imlth. 

The first question concerns a proposal sent to the UCSD AcademiC enate rl'gc1r-
ding a change in the grading procedure. If passed it would allow professors to give 
plus and minus grades on report cards . The results of this Questionaire will be ~ent 10 
the Academic Senate for their consideration . 

The second question concerns the name of the new student center . There has been 
much discussion as to the proper name for the new student center Please indlcalc-
which name would be most appropriate for the student center or. If none of thE' 
names is right, please indicate by marking. "none of these" 

Ballots appearing in the lower right-hand corner of this page may be cut out and 
cast in the ballot box .on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday of NEXT WUK Ad-
ditional ballots will also be available . The ballot box will be open from 10 a m to 1 
p .m. each day in the Revelle Plaza . Please present valid identification 

Consider the candidates closely and vote for 6 students to be on R C.C A a'ld 1 
students to be on T.U.S.C. next year . 

T.U.S.C. Candidates 

Jim Botenhallen: A twenty· four year old sociology major. I plen to 
graduate next June. I've been at UCSD a year, end when I became awar. of 
the opportunity to becoma Involv'" in the nudent gOVllfnment t.uch .. It 
1.1 I decided to check It out. Durinu the I •• t Ye" I've lakan IIv".1 In-
terdepan:mental cl .... ' which I 1 .. 1 hay •• "pond me to som. of tho dif· 
f.r.nt "'facll"' 01 UCSD. I think of my.elf a. the .verage·curiou •• tudent 
Inter •• t.d In what'. happening at UCSD. end willing to offer any help I can. 

J.n. Ferllu.on: I f .. 1 that much of the ap.thy felt by student. toward 
the1ratudant government stam. from a lack of knowladge .bout the things 
T.U.S.C . • nd rel.ted commln ... a .. dolno. and from • lIck of com-
munication "'tween the dIH ... nt.egm.nla of etud.nll on our campu •. 

During thill paot Vllr. I've become Invalv.d with the actlvlti .. of our 
Student lobby .nd, though I'm not e votlnll member. I'va .. rved on a f.w 
T.U.S.C . • ubcammltteaa. Not only hay. I enjov.d wo,klnll on the va,lou. 
pralecla .nd with. dlv .... IIroup of p.ople. but I've been mad •• wa .. of 
the llreat potential that II .. with tha .tudent governm.nt If It could only bl 
uncov.red by ha,d wondnll, .nthu.laatlc people. I f •• 1 I hey. the Int .... t 
and _rllY to affectlv.ly ,.pr ... nt R.v.i .. Colleg •• nd be a vital member of 
T.U.S.C. Mor.ov.r. the atructu .. of our atudent lIov.mment I. p .... ntly 
under,alng dynamic chan_ ... chanll" that I would Ilk. to contrlbut. to. !o. ,. 

M.rte U .... for T.U.S.C.: Do you know what T.U.S.C . • tande f0f'7 Do you 
know wh.t It d_7 Do you know how It functlon.7 Sinee you probably 
d ... ·tknow .ny of thaee thin .. . the ..... you cen do I ... act aomabody vou 
DO know to _ on die camm,"-, RIght7 

I could tall you about my .. part_ •• beek.,ound. good look •• ldaea for 
R .... I .... tc. but If vou .... Iy w.nt to know . better talk to m • . You know .. 
wall .. I, It can't be dona In 111D worde. ' Nuff .. Id. 

Hick ,,-dopouloa: M.ny ........ do nOi know that Student Gov.rn-
ment .t UC8D ....... or wflat It d_. I bellev. that the --... f .. _ark 
cen be u.ad . .... t tha amph_1e of the g_.nt'. actlvltlaa muet be to 
Infarm •• _H .. to .P .... oprlat •• nd p"n actlvltl... I believe thlt the 
praaent government by committee can provide. nec_ry .tudent vole. In 
.chool polley. It muot be changed to act ••• n Info,....,lon .oure. th.t 
actlvaly ....... nda .ttentlan •• nd that can gat _ulta. I am firmly committed 
to thao. chang ... . nd will actlvaly pU ..... diem If '''ctad. 

PHOTO 
NOT 

AVAIL-

ABLE 

UITY R.I,den: I want to m.k. the .tudan ... wa .. of theI, otudent 
lIovernment.nd let tham know how they can u .. the etuclant governm.nt 
for thalr benefit. Amono the ott.. .. aponalbllltl .. of T.U.S.C .• I proml_ 
1>rompt .ctl.., wh ..... er needad •• uch .. In the Pf.ventlon rtf plu_ .nd 
mlnu •• In 1_ .,adaa. 

I _nt to promote mora actlvltlea for the benefit of the .luclanta. and 
.ncou_ more Involvem.nt in campus o",.nl •• tlo .... T.U.S.C. controls a 
or.t d .. 1 of the otuden .. • m ..... y. whlch I would like to _ put to llood u_. 
In tha ,.n ... llnt.eat of. majority of .lUclantll, .nd not ltIrown away w ..... 
little benefit can be g.lned. 

The crowdad .unoeP ..... of claa_ and dorm •• hould ... chen .. d. and I 
wlll.1eo try to build the "pUtlltion of Rev.I .. , .nd UCSO a. a whole . 

I .m .. perlenc'" In fair laaderahlp. with the valct of ell _denta In mind • 
to halp them wher_r po.alble. 

Jeff Tldue: The my.wry Ie out. Hav ..... tud.nt body .1..,tlolII. And I b.t 
that tlmoat n_ of you hay •• ny I .... whet T.U.S.C. I • • who p .... ntly I. on 
It what It hal done .• nd whet It can do. Which It praeloelv why 1 8m run-
nine . Student government .hauld be controll'" by th •• tud.nt body. not the 
llite few alacted to offlc •• nd the admlnfat .. tlon. If elaet .... I will try to 
m.ka etud.nt governm.nt .. p .... nt.tI ... 01 the antlre .tudent body. I will 
al.o .nempt to lIu ... nt_ the .tudenla their rillhtful .ey In T.U.S.C. men ... 
which pe".,ln to them. end not to heve thel, money be apent leeretly. So. 
fo"ap_entlltlve government vott for mi. JeffTldu., forT.U.S.C. 

I·····················································: 
: Revelle Election Ballot i 
• • : R.C.C.A. T.V.S.C.. 
: J Tim Cohen I lim Botenhagen : 
• J Linda King I I Jane Ferguson • 
: J Robin Mitchell ( J Mark li ka : 
• J Georle Pao [ J Nick Pilpadopoulos • 
.: ) Marlc Rapaport [ I Lan y Rairden :. 

J Marl! Rispler I ) Jell Tidus 
: J SUAn Schaefer [vote 101' 2J : 
: J Paula Smith : 
• [vote for iJ • 
• • 
• • 
• • • • • ,.,. yOU In ,."."., cltMtt/ltt. UCSD) ,..... .... '_ to allow -* ro • 
• .,.,. "+"' .nd --"' --'7 • 
· : • IIr. 11- • 
• • 
• • • Z. nN,.,....",. __ lie ... ~ 'UI' W,., tile ,..,.,.", C_rw. fIJeo. • 
• ,,....,. _, fIIW/fWM- • 
: I , ",....." ,." I I T_ Celt. (I T"'- II,." ( I NoM 0""'" : 
• • 
• • : ..................................................... . 

p .. J Triton limn, ~y 17, 1914 



.. 

ucs:p Bookstore Serves 
Profit Motive; not 
Student Interests by R. Arroyo 

Students often complain about being 
rippedoff by the prices at the bookstore. 
These complaints are more than justified. 
However, complaints do nothing to 
change a ~ituation unless they are 
educated and well-directec:t complaints. 
Perhaps anmed with some inSights into 
the bookstore, with an awareness of why 
the bookstore makes students' wallets so 
easy to carry, students misht dQ 
aometbiDl to remedy the situation . 

The book store is run for profit. This by 
itself is no revelation. Any operation 
must generate enouah profit (surplus 
capital) to support its operations, and the 
expansion of its operations to meet 'the 
needs of its appropriate function . :The 
function of the bookstore should be 
primarily to supply t)ooks to students at 
the lowest possible price. Although there 
is concern for providing books for 
students, it is a concern for providing 
books in the most profitable manner for 
the bookstore. This coming year the 
UCSD bookstore will make 1.5 million 
dollars. This is possible through a 50 
percent price hike in the Gift department · 
and a 10 percent mark-up on most items. 
The additional cost is attributed to gas 
and freight Hne prices . 

Since the bookstore is not owned by 
the students (a mistake on the part of 
UCSD's first students), the profit is not 
under control of the stude.lts. Thus the 
use of profits to better servir:es and to 
lower costs is not going to be the im-
mediate concern of those who do control 
the profits of the bookstore. 

The bookstore has already reached a 
level of self-sufficiencey; there are plans 
developing for channeling profits outside 
of the bookstore. The UCSD community 
has not been allowed to see a complete 
'ludit of the bookstore, which is 
something that should not even have to 
be asked for . The records which reflect 
the actual net profit figures have not 
been made public. It is not impossible 
that profit has already been leaving the 
bookstore and, as the regents are known 
to invest for e)(ample in South Africa, 
who knows the final consequences of the 
money gained from students' book 
purchases? The point is that students 
should demand a full disclosure of all 
bookstore records, not just some public 
relations statement to an advisory 
committee from a manager concerned 
with hiding the real figures . 

The ripping-off of the student 
customers cannot be separated from the 
ripping off of the bookstore employees. 
Bookstore management cla ims that the 
prices are necessary to finance the 
bookstore operation , in effect to pay the 
wages of its employees. So when an 
employee buys a book at full price 
he/she is paying hisiher own wage out of 
his/ her own pocket - quite a bargain - but 
for whom ? 

All employees, students included, are 
forced to w:>rk during the spring break 
and are told that they will lose their jobs 
if they fail tc do so; they are also asked to 
work extra hard, so that after the start of 
the quarter r.J~ the managers can have a 
vacation. <tudents are classified as 
temporary employees . Dur ing the 
summer wh.en the ..... ork I! slow-r. they 
are let go; in fact, sometimes their hours 
are cut bac < during the academic year 
when there is not enough work to keep 
them workillg at the levels of a begin-

n i ng-of -th~Uftrter rush. In this situation 
students are least likely to protest 
management practices because their job 
is always unsure and there are always 
more students in need of a job. This 

threatens all employees at the bookstore. 
The make-Up of the bookstore em-

ployees also raises several questions. All 
higher administraton positions in the 
bookstore are held by men. Women fill 
the lower-level positions under 
classifications that do not correspond to 
actual duties. Wages are kept low in 
comparison to the rest of the University 
and the store remains understaffed. The 
hierarchy of the store maintains an unfair 
division of labor which promotes in-
dividualism in the employees. This In-
dividualism is fostered by a patronizing 
attitude on the part of the manaaement 
which promotes self-importance instead 
of group importance, and makes the 
employee identify with the employer's 
needs . 

Although profits continue to rise, 
promotions and wage increases occur 
seldomly. One employee went four years 
without a promotion . A case in point is 
that of the cashiers who are classified as 
clerks instead of being classified as 
cashiers as in the Central Cashiers' Of-
fice. Could it be because a cashier starts 
at a much hisher wage level than a clerk? 

Division of labor and an unnecessary 
hierarchy of management keeps students 
and all employees from becoming aware 
of how profit is made, and what becomes 
of it . It might be said .that the very 
motivation for profit determines the 
division of labor, that is, it creates a need 
for separating employees from a 
knowledge of the bookstore which might 
lead to demands for change. (Maybe 
they would find out just how much of the 
management is unnecessary.) 

Armed with these facts, students 
should demand that all profit generated 
from the different operations at the 
bookstore f i rst be used only to lower the 
costs of books and subsequently to 
provide non-essential items at reduced 
costs . If it is economically possible to 
produce a profit then it is economically 
possible to turn that profit right back to 
the customers. There is no need for a 
university bookstore to profit off its 
customers, the students. Operations are 
simple enough that all employees could 
interchange jobs. In this way they could 
gain a knowledge of the whole 
bookstore, and thus be in a position to 
act on behalf of all students and em-
ployees . They could be invested with the 
power, along with some organized 
element of the student body and other 
university employees, to control the 
bookstore's profit, to make sure that all 
profits contribute to a lowering of book 
prices. Their control should not be that 
of advisors, but as final decision makers, 
as this is the only guarantee of their 
interests being met. 

We do not need a profit ma)(imizing 
department store; the community which 
will invade UCSD all too soon will 
provide for the students non-book needs. 
What we need is for the book store to 
fulfill its funct ion and as cheaply as 
possible. 

bJ 11lI0II P .... Solzhenitsyn, : a last word 
Earlier this year I wrQte two articles 

exposing the manipulation of American 
"intellectuals" by the "liberalN American 
press. The example I used was that of 
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the celebrated 
Soviet dissident. I tried to explain how he 
was a mediocre author at best, whose 
only greatness stemmed from his 
political position of being an-
ticommunist, and not from the negligible 
talent he possessed. I n return, I was 
ridicuously lambasted by UCSD's 
vanlluard of propaaandists. Since their 
three articles revealed a lack of un-
derstanding even of Solzhenitsyn's own 
views, I am sure they will be delighted to 
see that less naive " liberals" are graduallv 
beinll forced to admit what one thinks 
should have been obvious for a long 
time: that Solzhenitsyn is a red neck 
reactionary. I quote Harry Schwartz, 
writing in the April 20 issue of the 
Saturday Review-World : 

Now all doubt has been resolved. In 
his " Letter to the Soviet Leaders"- his first 
new piece of writing to be made public 
since Solzhenitsvn's expulsion from his 
native land-the greatest living Russian 
writer removes all ambiguity. In the strict 
sense of the wo(d, he is a reactionary, a 
proud throwback to the nineteenth-
century Russian Slavophiles who op-
posed not onlv Marxism and other 
corrupting Western ideas but also in-
dustrialization itself. His yearning for the 
past is succinctly encapsulated in his 
sc athing judgment of where in-

dustrialization has broulht his country 
and the West as well : HAil that 'endless 
prOl"ess' turned out to be an insane, ill-
considered, f~ious dash into a blind 
alley." . 

No one who reads this letter at-
tentively can doubt that if Solzhenltsyn 
had been an American citizen in 1972 he 
would have voted for Richard Nixon 
lIainst George McGovem, and if he had 
been an American collese professor this 
past half-decade he would have invited 
the kind of trouble Drs. Shockley and 
Jensen have had visited upon them. He 
would have supported the Vietnam war, 
been attacked as a /lsexist" for thinking 
women's obligations are primarily to 
their families, been assailed as a racist for 
making light of Indians' and Eskimos' 
claims to their ancestral lands, and 
become the hated bogeyman of all 
advanced campus thinkers for declaring 
himself "an opponent of all revolutions 
and all armed convulsions ." And, oh yes, 
he is a fervent Christian, denounces Marx' 
and Mao, values law and order, thinks 
there is no place for American-style 
democracy ino his country, and bel ieves 
Daniel Ellsberg should have been sen-
tenced to jail for a good long term . 

Let the reader and our resident 
propagandists beware : Solzhenitsyn is 
not an isolated case. Soon the American 
press will catapult a new "dissident" into 
the world spotlight. One can be sure he 
wi II not be a dissident from a fascist 
di c tatorship, but probably another 
reactionary from the USSR. So be wary, 
lest you be manipulated again and again . 
The cold war is still With us. 

Letters to the Editor Rodriguez , the Soc ialist Workers Party candidate for 
Governor of California . 
These students were acting 
in oppoSi tion to the union's 
position, and in opposition 
to the farrnworker s 
democratic right to know 
the position of a candidate 
for Governor ... 

The OIIInion ............. on thle I'll" do not nec: .. _lIy Ntlect 1M vI_. 01 the Triton T1mea. Submitted .rtlel ... nd ...... to tM 
editor mull b. typed. doubla _cod .• nd pref .... bly u ... ".tv 
cheroc:ter n .... Lett ... lon_ then 210 word •• r. aubjoc:t to .dltlnll. 
SPllc. Hmltotlona pr .... ~ tho prlntlnll of .11 .rtlel ... nd Iotton. 

Ridicule 
Editor : 

The events wh ich 
followed your /I April Fools" 
issue are common 
knowledge now on this 
campus. The reaction of 
Third College students and 
faculty to such degrading 
satire was certainly to be 
expected, anci I believe the 
majority of people on 
campus supported the stMS 
taken by the Com-
munications Board to 
insure that no groups at 
UCSD would ever again be 
subjected to cruel ridicule 
by a newspaper which they 
help to support . 

a lesson in Rood taste and 
discretion . Now, I'm not so 
sure ... 

Dave Darval 

PP and YSA 
Editor 

The May edition of 
Prensa Popular contains an 
article titled "Strike in 
Coachella" which attacks 
the role of the Young 
Socialist AP:ance in the 
April 21 UFWA picket, and 
in the movement in general. 
Every Single sentence of this 
attack is a bald faced lie. 

The genuine harm to the 
picket line was caused by a 
self appointed group of 
students who threatened to 
create a violent incident, 
thus bringing the cops in on 
a peaceful picket line. Th is 
group put its sectarian 
political Interests ahead of 
the opposition to the UFW 
struggle. 

So the next time you are walking to 
class, maybe after having punched out 
your time card so that your university 
minimum wage can be calculated to the 
hundredth of an hour and you are 
wondering how you are going to pay for 
your books next quarter - and you notice 
the bookstore manager near the gym on 
an e)(tended lunch, enjoying a game of 
volleyball - don't fail to connect a few 
things from this article, and do 
something. 

Rafael Arroyo 

How, then, is it possible 
that the Triton Times 
continues such practises? I 
am referring to " Ad-
vertisement - New Im-
proved jesus" which a~ 
peared in the May 10 issue. 
Did it not occur to you that 
there is a sizeable group of 
students on this campus 
which would take great 
e)(ce ption to its 
publication? Or was it your 
intent to once again direct 
ridicule toward a portion of 
the campus community? 

You then make reference 
to "their (YSA's) founder, 
Leon Trotsky, who was a 
proven right opportunist in 
the Russian Communist 
Party, and was eventually 
e)(pelled by Lenin ." 

The article claims that 
farmworkers e)(pelled YSA 
members from the picket 
line. In fact, the YSA had 
the clearly stated per-
mission of Manuel Chavez, 
the official UFW union 
organizer in charge, to 
participate in the picket 
line and distribute the 
Militant newspaper. 

In tact, Leon Trotsky, 
leader of the Left O~ 
position, was expelled from 
the Communist Party in 
1927 by Stalin. Lenin died in 
1924. His last act was to 
bloc with Trotsky to destro~' 

- the influence of Stalin. In 
What happened was that his Testament of January 4, 

students from San Diego 1923, Lenin wrote "Stalin is 
attacked two YSA'ers, too rude, and this fault, 
threatening violence. These entirely supportable in 
students attempted to relations among us 
prevent YSA members from Communists , becomes 
d istributing a statement of insupportable In the office 

I t hought th e " Apri'l 
I 0015" affair had t auilht you 

support to the farm workers o f Genera l Spcre t ary 
strullll ip ~ignt'd by O IRa continued on pale 5 

FBI CO-INTEL-P.RO .Memos 
by M. Echs 

One of the most amazing sets of documents ever released by the federal government is the CO-I NTEL-
PRO memos released by the FBI after first being heavily censored. Nevertheless. one memo stili reveals 
that one g~1 of the FBI. reputedly a law enforcement agency, was (Is?) to ' : ~revent the rise of a 
"mllsslah" who could unify, and electrify, the militant black nationalist movement. 

The American preas, needless to asy, has almost totally Ignored these memos, which are certainly 
more significant and frightening than Watergate, or even streaking . And. of course, the only paper to 
publish the memos was the Militant. With the kind help of KPFK radio (90.7 FM) I have been able to get 
these memos for the Triton Times. Some of them fo"ow : 

Airtel to SAC, Albany 
RE : COUNTERINTELLIGENCE PROGRAM 
BLACK NATIONALIST-HATE GROUPS 

... nationalist activity, and interested in Loun-
terintelligence, to coordinate this program . This Agent 
will be responsible for the periodic progress letters 
being requested, but each Agent working this type of 
case should participate in the formulation of coun-
terintelligence operations . 
GOALS 

For maximum effectiven ess of the Coun -
terintelligence Program, and to prevent wasted effort , 
long-range goals are being set. 

1. Prevent the coalition of militant black national ist 
groups . I n unity there is strength ; a truism that is no less 
valid for all its triteness. An effective coalition of black 
nationalist groups might be the first step toward a real 
"Mau Mau" in America, the beginning of a true black 
revolution . 

2. Prevent the rise of a " messiah" who could un ify, 
and electrify , th e m i l i tant black nationali st 
movement.. .. might have been such a "messiah;" he is 
the martyr of the movement today .... all aspire to th is 
position .... is less of a threat because of his age .... be a 
very real contender for thi s position should he abandon 
his supposed "obedience" to "white, liberal doctrines" 
(nonviolence) and embrace black nationalism .... has the 
necessary charisma to be a real threat in thi s way . 

3. Prevent violence on the part of black national ist 
groupS. This is of primary importance, and is, of course, 
a goal of our investigative activity ; it should also be a 
goal of the Counterintelligence Program . Through 
counterintelligence it should be possible to pinpoint 
potential troublemakers and neutralize them before 
they e)(ercise their potential for violence. 

4. Prevent militant black nationalist groups and 
leaders from gaining respectabil ity, by discrediting 
them to three separate segments of the commun ity. The 
goal of discrediting black nationalists must be handled 
tactically in three ways. You must discredit these groups 
an d individuals to, first, the responsible Negro com-
munity. Second, they must be discredited to the white 
community, both the responsible community a~? to 
" liberals" who have vestiges of sympathy for militant 
black nationalist simply because they are Negroes. 
Third these groups must be discredited in the eyes of 
Negro radicals, the followers of the movement. This last 
area requires entirely different tactics from the first two. 
Publicity about violent tendencies and radical 
statements merely enhances black nationalists to the 
last group; it adds " respectability" in a different way. 

5. A final goal should be to prevent the long-range 
growth of militant black nationalist organizations, 
especially among youth . Speci fi c tacti cs to prevent 
these groups from converting young people must be 
developed . ... 

Besides these five goals counterintelligence IS a 
valuable part of our regular investigative program as it 
often produces positive information . 
TARGETS 

Primary targets of the Counter intell igence Program, 
Black National ist-Hate Groups, should be the most 
violent and radical groups and their leaders. We should 
emphasize those I~aders and organizations that are 
nationwide in scope and are most capable of disrupting 
this country. These targt!.!s should include the rad ical 
and violence-prone leaders, members, and followers of 
the: 

Off icers handling these cases and those of.. .should be 
alert for counterintelligence suggestions. 

• • *** •••• • * ••• ***.** •••••••••••••• 

Di rector, FBI 
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS 
(RESEARCH SECTION) 

The Bureau would like to offer for your consideration 
a proposal for a disruptive-disinformation operation 
targeted again~t the national office of the Black Panther 
Party (BPP). This proposal is not intended to be all 
inclusive or binding in any of its various phases, but 
only is a guide for the suggested action . You are en-
couraged to submit recommendations relating to 
revisions or innovations of the proposal. 

1. The operation would be effected through close 
coordination on a high level with the Oakland or San 
Francisco Police Department. 

2. XeroK copies of true documents, documents subtly 
incorporating false information, and entirely fabric~ted 
documents would be periodically anonymously mailed 
to the residence of a key Panther leader . These 
documents would be on the stationery and in the form 
used by the police department or by t~ FBI in 
disseminatina information to the police. fBI 
documents, when used, would contain police routing or 
date received notations, clearly indicating they had 
been pilfered from police files : 

3. An attempt would be made to sive the Panther 
recipient the impression the documents were stolen 
from police files by a disgruntled police employee 

sympathetic to the Panthers. After initial mail ings, brief 
notes by the alleged di sgruntled employee would be 
included with the mai led documents. 

3. An attempt would be made to give the Panther 
recipient the impression the documents were stolen 
from police files by a disgruntled pol ice employee 
sympathet ic to the Panthers. After initial mail ings, brief 
notes by the alleged di sgruntled employee would be 
included wi th the mai led docume~.s . Jb~se ·-o otes 
would indicate the motive and sympathy of .the police d 
employee, h is bitterness against hi s department, and 
poss ibly a request for money. 

4. Depending on developments, at a propit ious time, 
consideration would be given to establ ishing a post 
o ffi ce box or o ther suitable "drop" address for the use of 
the alleged disgruntled employee to receive response, 
funds, or specif ications relating to the documents from 
the Panthers. 

5. Although the operation may not requi re inclusion 
of a live source to represent the disgruntled employee, 
ci rcumstances might warran t the use of such a source 
for face-to-face meetings with t he Panthers . During 
early stages o f the operation, an effort should be made 
to locate and brief a suitable po lice employee to play 
the role of the alleged d isgruntled employee. 

6. A wide variety of all eged authentic police or FBI 
material could be carefully selected or prepared for 
furnishing to the Panthers. Reports, bli nd memoranda, 
LHMs, and other alleged police or FBI documents could 
be prepared and other all eged pol ice o r FBI informants ; 
ridi cul ing or discrediting Panther leaders through their 
ineptness or personal escapades ; espousi ng personal 
phi losoph ies and promot ing fact iona l ism among BPP 
members; indicati ng electronic coverage where none 
exists; outl in ing fictit ious plans for pol ice raids or other 
counteract ions; reveal ing m isuse o r m isappropr iation of 
Panther funds; pointing out instances of pol itical 
disorientation ; etc. The nature of the d isruptive material 
and dis information " leaked" would only be lim ited by 
the collection abili ty of your sources and the need to 
insure the protection of the ir security. 

Effective implementation of thi s logically could not 
help but di srupt and confuse Panther activities . Even if 
they were to suspect FBI or pol ice involvement, they 
would be unable to ignore factual material brought to 
their attention through thi s channel. The operation 
would afford us a continuing means to furnish the 
Panther leadership true : information wh ich is to our 
interest that they know and disinformation wh ich,. in 
their interest, they may not ignore . 

Although this proposal is a relatively simple 
technique, it has been applied with exceptional results 
in another area of intell igence interest where the target 
was of far greater sophistication . The Bureau bel ieves 
with careful planning this technique has excellent !ong-
range potential to disrupt and curtai l Panther activity. 

PP AND-YSA 
continued from page 4 

Therefore I propose to the 
comrades to find a way to 
remove Stal in from that 
posit ion ... " ... 

If you care to debat e 
these questions publ icall y 

In an organized fashion, the 
YSA w ould be glad to at 
your convenience . 

Hasta la Victoria Siempre, 
Mark Schneider 

YSA organizer 

triton times 
Editor in Chief 

David L. Buchbinder 
Managing Editor 

M ichael Sesma 
City Editor 

john H. Taylor 
Copy Editor 

james G. Soto 
Business Manager 

Rue Hinton 
M ike Robinson 

Editoriill Director 
Philip Protter 

Sports Editor 
Eric Rai sters 

Sience Editor 
John Snodgrass 

Photography Editor 
M alcolm Smith 

Secretary 
Corrine Cacas 

Associate City Editors 
Rick Drom 

Chris Rauber 
David Cassidy 

Asst. Manilling Editor 
Ed Simons 

Arts Editor Asst. Business Manaler 
Larry Deckel Cris Paltenghe 

TM TAlTON TI MES I. offtclally NCollnlzod ... otucienl __ 
by tho Communlcallon Boa,d of t"- UnIv .... 1ty of CaIHornl • • Sen 
01"0, Bulldl,.. 210. M8t1hew. Cem_. UI JolIII. CaHfoml.l2OI7. 
PubUll"tlon I. twic. woakly on T ..... va .nd Friday .. OffIc ... ,e 
localedl" Room 117. Biok. H.II. R.., .... Cemp ... Fo, .clvoru.lne 
phOne c.em. or 46).2IIDO, X10l7; ftIr editorial or n_ phone 
X1011. 

ANOTHER SUMMER OF FUN 
AT for 5 10 1 3 Ylar Glds 

SWIMMING 
RIDING 
HANDICRAFTS 
GAMES It SPORTS 
ARCHERY 
CAMPOUTS 
FIELD TRIPS 
ANIMAL CARE 

453-1643 

... _ .. E5 
SUD':I DIY CDIP 

_,UCSO 
Twen1Y-HCond V .. , 

Wr ite or Call for 
brochure 

10325 ROSELLE 51 
SAN oIEOO, CALIF. 12121 

271-9188 

The quarter after 
you moved 

out of the dorm, 
it went co--ed. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

OlympIA BreWing Comcany Olympia WaShington 'Ol'" II 
All OiymCI3 emelles are recyclable 

'~~~~~~~~~~L~C~~M'~~.~' 
U.C .• . O. Student Union Good ,,_It Harllan ... " .• . 

\O' ... 'mo'ntCoI .... Bo. OffIce o-n Taod CICIttII ... ·Ui Jolla 
The N_ 0_ Sound City S.D. S_ Aztec Can,", 

All WhorehouM A.onI L __ 
1_ lII.orda - ...... · EnclnItM 

Pa. 5 Triton TIIMS, May 17, 197_ 



Concert Notes 

, 

A very special evening of very special music comes to 
. the UCSD gym when Freddie Hubb~rd and The Eleventh 
House, fe~turinl L~rry Coryell, provide the music 
Sunday, May 19, at 8 p.m. 

Trumpeteer Freddie Hubbard needs no introduction 
~o jazz buffs anywhere. Winner of music polls this year 
In Playboy and Downbeat, Hubbard receives ac-
clamations from jazz critics everywhere. 

Eleventh House is Larry Coryell's new band and if the 
init.ial reviews and reactions to the group' are to be 
believed, this is one of the most exciting jazz-funk-rock 
bands to ceme along in ages, and will be stepping in on 

the shoes of the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Chick Corea 
set. 

Eleventh House is a strong performing unit of talented 
musicians, notably including drummer Alphonze 
Mouzon (once of Weather Report fame) who is reported 
as being nothing short of phenomenal. 

The ev~ing is ~xpected to be one of the hottest jazz 
concerts In San Diego thiS year. Tickets are available at 
the student center box office and at the door. For in-
formation, 453-EDNA. 

Film Feasts for Movie Masticators 
Friday night is "Superfly" 

night in USB 2722. There 
will be two shows, 7:30 and 
10:00 p.m. 

natatorium Visit soon . ki II ing for prestige, and 
killing for power becomes 
complete as the hunter 
bf'romes the hunted. 

These fine films will be 
shown at 7:30 p.m . Sunday 
evening in USB 2722 51.00 

Theatre: Larry Decke' 

New Heritage tre in Del Mar 
San Diego is certainly a hit and miss 

town as far as theatre goes. You can't 
depend on any of the publ ic theatre 
groups to have any sense of consistency. 
For each good show at the Old Clobe 
there has been at least one loser to keep 
the balance (I fear this year, though, 
there have been more losers than win-
ners). 

The Off-Broadway shone brightly with 
"Lenny", and laid eggs with "Prisoner of 
Second Avenue", "Irma La Douce," and 
the "Bimbo Cosmic Circus" disaster. 

At any rate, everyone wants to get into 
the act of presenting inconsistent theatre 
in San Diego, and the latest entry into the 
pile is the New Heritage Theatre's 
"Weekend Repetory of Short Plays ," 

Now, let me say at the on-set that this 
is the cleverest idea anyone's come up 
with around here in a long time. The 
theory is that every Friday and Saturday 
there will be three one-act plays (each 
lasting less than an hour) presented at 
8:00, 9 :00, and 10:00 respectively. 
(NOTE: since this writing, curtain times 
have been changed to 8:30, 9:30, 10:30) 
An audience can then see one, two, or 
three of these shows in an evening, and 
has a little time to cruise about Del Mar, 
the shops, the beach, whatever, in 
between. 

The plays are presented in the 
Stratford Court Theater (behind Bully's 
North) in Del Mar. The theater is an 
intimate, flel(ible theater in which about 
60 seats are set up in a round, affording 
everyone with either a front or second 
row seat. 

It's really difficult to " review" what's 
happening there at any given moment, as 
the repetory continues to change each 
weekend, but perhaps a brief rundown of 
last weekends fare will present an idea of 
what to el(pect. 

8:00 saw the first play, "The Bolshevik 
Empress" by George Bernard Shaw, open 
in the theatre . A peculiar little piece, 
typically Shaw, dealing with a Grand 
Duchess who has shucked her royalty 
bf'hind and joined the people's 
revolution much to the aghastment 

(aghastment · 
of the royal ' 

The script y thin tread-
ding, and the production 
ran even thi was way off, 
huge gaping _ . ...,<>,>n every lin~, 
and an un just-got-it-
ready-in-ti feel about it . 
There eerity in all the 
characte direction left 
them groping uncomfortable 
blocking and timing which 
threw the off. 

9:00. " a one man 
play by directed, 
designed a Nathan Haas . 
Krapp is a dealing with 
the sad rei an old man, 
and his orded on 

back to be 

of portraying an 
certa inly is not 
of course un-

11Y",.o'Jnin amount of 
avior and dress 

the most part, if 
play speaks well 

here is the one 
In.ldll·ect:ea one man 

one to tell him 
wrong, and many 

creep in . He 
each time he 
relock it. He 

tape rather than 
does not speak 

r,nnnor.p when he 
tape". 
play works mar-
compelling piece 

an unfortunate 
call after the 

Rellresl.a short walk along 
19th century 

, "Box and Cox" 
stylized comedy 

ises of deceit and 
a particuliarly 

",.'IISII IV done (if one 
pantomine con-

vention) and amusing all the while. Here 
the life of the play is chiefly generated by 
energized performances by Leonard 
Barkan and Ron Shapiro. Both are 
veteran actors of the San Diego area, and 
add high stylized energy to the piece, 
and lift it up to its comic possibilities, 

. bringing this particuliar evening to a 
smiling close. 

The evening then, is one of lows and 
highs and luckily enough, in this case, 
went from bad to progressively better as 
the evening went along. 

As for the "Weekend Repetory of Short 
Plays" , it shall continue to march along, 
adding new plays and deleting others 
from its repetory each week . Future 
productions include ' 'The successful Life 
of Th ree" by Maria Irene Fornes , "Cop-
Out" by John Guare, "Whisper in My 
Good Ear" by lohn Lewis Carlino, as well 
as an original work premiering here in 
Del Mar. 

My chief criticisms for the group have 
to do with the peculiar choice of plays in 
the repetory . Many of them hardly seem 
to be the sort of important theatre that is 
possible to be dealt with , and range on 
being nothing else than trite choices. 
Surely a play like "The Monkey's Paw" 
which was dropped out of repetory last 
week, is as over-worked a vehicle as has 
ever been seen . 

Secondly there is a problem of price . 
One play costs 52.50, two 53.75, and the 
complete evening for 54.00, which seems 
rather costly, particularly if you desire to 
see just one play (perhaps the new one 
which might have been added to the 
repetory) . 

On the other hand, selfishly speaking, 
the prices are more reasonable for 
students, who can see the whole evening 
for 52.75 (though the one play would still 
cost 52.50). 

So, the Del Mar theatre experience 
then has its points of hope and hesitance, 
and certainly the dream is a good one. A 
little more' carefully selected material, 
and sharper production could make this 
one of the most exciting community 
theatres in the area. 

For all you nostalgia 
freaks, this week should 

.prove to be rather suc-
cessful. Two Judy Garland 
movies sponsored by 
Hollywood Musicals 
Unlimited, will be shown at 
La lolla's Unicorn Cinema 
tomorrow afternoon at 1 
p.m. Both films, " Babes on 
Broadway" and " for Me and 
My Gal" were produced and 
directed by Arthur Freed 
and Busby Berkeley in the 
early 1940's. 

For those who prefer a 
more modern classic, the 
French film, "Umbrellas of 
Cherbourg" (1964) will be 
shown Tuesday evening at 
7:30. A bittersweet musical 
about young lovers, the film 
is part of a film series, The 
French New Wave , 
sponsored by the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary 
Art. 

Interest in American 
Indian crafts lias exploded 
in the last few years. In 
recognition of this boom, 

Aart-Vark 
Barbara Weintraub 

the Museum of Man in 
Balboa Park has organized 
its second annual week-
long demonstration , 
exhibit, and sale of Navajo 
arts and crafts. Starting 
Saturday , the exhibition 
and demonstrations of 
Indian weavers, silver-
smiths, and artists w i ll 
cont inue through May 26th . 
Cra fts to be di splayed and 
sold are woven rugs, silver 
and turquoise jewelry, sand 
paintin gs, and o i l and 
watercolor paintings . 

Along with the Nava jo 
crafts wi II be b eadi ng 
demon stration s and in-
formal lessons held by Irma 
(His Bluehorse) Querue, a 
Lakota I ndian from the 
Dakota nation . Vis itors to 
the Museum of Man may 
bring their aNn beads and 
work along with M s. 
Querue Saturdays through 
June . For further in -
formation about either of 
these exh ibits, please call 
274"()313. 

Another view of native 
American s will be prov ided 
by the exhibit " Early Indian 
Ph<;>tographs". Taken by 
Roland Reed in the earl y 
1900's, these photos are 
part of the Early Man 
exh ibit . 

The Fine Arts Callery, 
al so of Balboa Park, wi ll be 
showing a collect ion of 
Claude Monet's pai nt ings 
From California Collec tion s, 
this exhibition is one of 
many commemorat ing the 
fi r s t Impressionist 
exhibit ion in Paris, 1874. 
Li ttle known and highly 
cr iticized then, the style has 
become a favori te of 
modern art patrons. Start ing 
tomorrow, the exhibit will 
last through June 30th 

For those of you whose 
interest in arts of the 
pragmat ic nature, t he 
International Hall of Fame 
w i ll be present ing a 
collect ion of all the air 
medal s won by Baron von 
Richthofen, and the only 

d isplay of Apollo" art i fac ts 
outside Washington. D C 

In the mood for Greek 
danCing? The Mesa College 
Drama Depa rtm ent IS 
presenti ng the mUSical 
version of " Zorba the 
Creek" With an all-studenr 
cast , the play promises to 
be a clear portrayal of 
Zorba 's philosophy, that 
" .. Ii fe should be- 'ived as If 
there were no tomorrow " 
The final performances of 
the musical will be Friday 
and Saturday evenings at 8 
o'clock For reservat ions, 
call 279-2305, ext 236 

Billing for the New 
Heritage Theatre (see 
review this page) t his 
weeke nd Includes " The 
Bols hevi k Em pr pss". 
" Krapp's Las t Tape", and a 
new add i tIOn to t he 
repetory, I srael Horowitz' 
" Rats". Cu rtain times for the 
plays are 8:30, 9:30, and 
10 :30 p.m. 

Final Civic/University Symphony Concert 
Thomas Nee (pictured at right) will conduct the La 

lolla Civic-University Symphony in its final concert of 
the season, Saturday, May 18, at 8:30 p.m. in Revelle 
Cafeteria, and Sunday, May 19 at 8 p .m . in Sherwood 
Hall. Admission free to UCSD students. 

The program will include Handel's "Music for the 
Royal Fireworks" , Hindemith' s " Symphonic 
Metamorphose~ on the themes of Carl Maria von 
Weber", and Brahms' "Double Concerto for Violin, 
Cello, and Orchestra". 

AND then on Tuesday, May 21 at 8 :30 p.m. in the 
Revelle Cafeteria, a "mostly Bach concert" by the La 
Jolla Civic-University Chorus, the UCSD Chamber 
Singers and Chamber Orchestra, under the direction of 
David Chase . 

Saturday night, two films 
by outstanding European 
directors will be shown, 
"The Confession" and "The 
Conformist", also in USB 
2722 at 7:30 p.m . 

" The Confession " is 
directed by Costa-Gavras, 
di rector of "Z" and State of 
Siege", and is equally 
political in theme . The film 
stars Yves Montand and 
Simone Signoret. 

"Threshold" ... between 
life and death hovers love 
in this poignant short . " The 
Concert of M . Kabal " is a 
zany mixture of Chopin and 
meat cleavers, animated. 
" Pop Show" is a fast-paced 
mixture of animated film 
strips, campy film clips, pop 
art and live action . 

Ouiz 
Kid 
Corner 

Quiz Kid Winners Win! Children's Theatre Comes to UCSD .· Sunday Films The Last Evening 

"The Conformist" is 
directed by Bernardo 
Bertolucci (" Before the 
Revolution" and " Spider's 
Strategem" ) and stars lean-
Louis Trintignant, who 
played the prosecutor in 
"Z", 

Sunday is the final night 
of the short film series, a 
collection of the greatest in 
shorts , animations , and 
computer graphics . In-
cluded will be " The Hat", 
iocusing on the conflict 
between two border guards 
when one's hat falls into the 
territory of the other. "Get 
Wet" is a ni'le-minute flick 
that will entice you into a 

f 

For "Dead" fans, " The 
Grateful Dead" combines 
cI ips of their performances 
with a collage of their 
music. Less serious is "The 
Dove", a classic spoof on 
the fi 1m s of I ngmar 
Bergman, complete with 
charicatures of his now-
famous symbols, pidgeon 
Swedish with English non-
sequeters , and Death 's 
challenge-to a game of 
badminton . 

If you think the North 
County area is developing 
too fast, have a look at 
"Quick Rise," and watch a 
2O-story office building go 
up in 4 minutes. 

"Crunch, Crunch" is not 
an ad for Colonel Sanders, 
but has something to do 
with eating the predatory 
creatures . In nine minutes, 
the cycle of killing for food, 

Friday Films 

SUPERFLY 
USB 2722 7: 30 & l O p.m . 

50¢ advance 
75 at the door 

TICKETS AT TRITON CENTER 
BOX OFFICE 

. Now it can be told . The official answers to the Quiz 
Kid Photo Contest NO. 4 are available for release to the 
general public . In fact here they are : 

1. Sign west of Urey Hall, between Urey and parking 
lot 

2. Revelle tennis courts, north side (note position of 
decal) 

3. Fire hydrant, west side of Russel drive, across street 
from building 601 

4. Southeast corner of parking lot to east of 2A 
5. Drinking fountain, near Matthews tennis courts, 

west of Myers drive 
6. Nitrogen valve on east side of Mayer Hall 
7. Plaque between 2A and old 101 
8. Pipe on south side of small building immediately to 

north of water tank 

Over 200 Grinningblrd every day connecting North-
ern and Southern california. Give YOYLCImpua rep or 
PSA a bird whiltle. IlIA",.,.. ... 

9. Sign outside 102 MC on corner of Lyman and 
Mevers 

Quiz kid was looking for more prosey answers of 
course, but our "judges" such as they are, are men of 
few words . 

At any rate, our first-place winner of two tickets to see 
the Kinks was a Muir Freshman, Bobl Walsh who 
correctly identified all nine photos before anyone else 
had even tried. 

2nd and third place winners, who will receive a stereo 
LP, are Thomas Conway and Steve Boos, respectively . 

Further: Special priz~ (for creativity) go to Bret 
Russell for his el(tremely well annotated entry, and to 
Phyllis Schwartz for her "Watergate" variation on the 
answers. 

Kudos for the winners, boo-hoas for the also rans, and 
thanks to all who entered . Special tip of the quiz kid 
morterboard to Malcomb Smith, photo editor, who took 
all the pictures. C'est tout pour maintenant. 

Saturday Films 
Costa-Gavras' 

The Conformist 
Starring: Yves Montand 

& Simone Sign 0 ret 
AND 

The Confession 
Directed by: 

Bernard Bertolucci 
Starring Jean Lauu Trintignant 

US~ 2722 7,30 p .m. Sl .00 

The Chi Idren's Theatre 
Players of the University of 
California at San Diego will 
be presenting their Spring 
production, throughout the 
San Diego area during the 
weeks of May 6 and 13. The 
play, a comic fantasy in the 
land of Palais designed to 
appeal to children of a wide 
age group. 

The action of the play 
centers around the dif-
ficulties of King Pensiver 
and h is court as they try to 
solve the problem of a 
prince who appears unable 
to grow. Magicians, doc-
tors, school teacher, ladies 
in waiting and such all try 
to lend a hand to the royal 
dilemma. 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

COLOR PlOUSStMG BY EASTMAN lOON<. 
SAlES. R'P~IRS e TRADES 

DISCOUNT '1IClS 
6HClAusrs /N CANaN ,.uaTa~"'IH/c lynaM' 

.... .., T". UI_ST UUCT/_ til II\MI _ 
RUlPIII.Nr ANIII_ua - '''''11 __ 

__ ,t.1IIUM.I 

I 4.8·' •• 5 I 
80B DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
"11 , .. .., .. ..,.. IF ... 

The U.C.S.D. Children 's 
Theatre Players have been 
delighting audiences in the 
San Diego area for three 
years now with their high-
spirited productions, and 
this Spring have expanded 
their playing schedule to 
offer more performances to 
a wider-ranged audience. 

Remaining performances 

MAKE 

are scheduled for May 18 
(as a special benefit per-
formance for the UCSD Day 
Care Center) in front of the 
new UCSD Student Center 
at 1:00 p.m , and May 19 at 
Old Town's Presidio Park at 
21XJ p.m . All performance. 
free . 

For further in -
formation, call 453-EDNA. 

.. ::-~w YOUR VW 
STREAK ... 

-........... -
••• 

•••• ring it in for a 

THAT INCLUOES POINTS & PLUGSI 
(duol co,bu,etors & fuel i nieclion. exl,al 

. 

•••• 

. 

• 

238-1161 

2355 INDIA 
Between Hawthorne and 

of the Great 

SHORT FILMS 
USB 2722 7:30 

Admission SlOO 

, ~.- . ,.._ .. _-

eo.,tllJa.taI MoIIDI. 
801 S. H.St. 

Ocean.1de 
722 ... 114 

[ .. ~., .... , .............. -...... ... 
.. 

Pip 7 Triton TiInes, May 11, 1914 



, . 

: Assorted GOil1gS On 
I 

Rog.,. to Speak 
Dr. David E. ROllers, 

President of the Robert 
Wood Johnson Foundation 
will deliver an address, "The 
Doctor Himself Should 
Become the Treatment", at 
8:00 P.M., June 7, in Carren 
Auditorium at UCSD's 
Medical School. 

Dr. Rogers has been 
invited to speak in con-
nection with the com-
mencement exercises of the 
School of MediCine, which 
will be held on June 9. 

Previous to his ap-
pointment at the Johnson 
Foundation, Dr . Rogers 
served as Chairman of the 
Department of Medicine at 
Vanderbilt University 
School of Medicine; Dean 
of the Johns Hopkins 

David E. Rogers 
University School of 
Medicine; and Re;earch 

,Editor of the , .¥s:jrboohof 
MediCine In 19&1 Or . 
Rogers was named one of 
ten Outstanding Young 
Men of the Year, by the 
United States Junior 
Chamber of Commerce. 

Muir Internships 
Four administrative intern positions are open for next 

year in the Muir College Dean 's Office. 
According to Muir Assistant Dean Fred Henderson the 

positions are open "to any Muir students," although he's 
looking for students who know their way around the 
campus or have been involved in student affairs . He 
emphasized that the work involved is "administrative, 
and not clerical," calling it part of an effort to get 
students "more involved in the decision making in our 
office." 

Students who participate in the program will receive a 
stipend of 51000 over an academic year . The work 
involved wi II be "project oriented", with an emphasis on 
keeping Muir students informed about matters that 
effect them . 

Henderson said ,that the program would create 
"effective student participation in running the college" 
and would give students an appreciation of the 
problems of the administration . 

He will be personally responsible for the day-to-ciay 
operation of the program, which will be coordinated by 
both Muir Provost John Stewart and Dean Jim Beckley 

i :: 
I I . , 

... 

'ate • Triton Times, May 17, 1974 

Osteopathy 
A seminar on osteopathic m~icine, led by Dr. Viola 

Frymann, president of the California Osteopathic 
Association, will take place Tuesday at 7:00 p.m. in the 
Revelle Formal lounge. 

According to Bruce Oran; a'Revelle student hopina to 
work in osteopathic medicine, Doctors of Osteopathy 
and Mds use "all scientifically accepted methods of 
diagnosis and treatment," but "receive additional 
training in a unique and effective way of recognizing 
and managin~ disease and injury." He emphasized the 
osteopath's philosophy of "treating the patient as a 
whole." 

Gulf Corporation Boycott 
continued from pale 1 
. Tuesday,c 'c:allina for the 
boycott bf' aU Gulf and 
Portulane productl and 
hopina "to make the 
public aware of the 
atrocities that Gulf il 
support ina throulh the 
Portuauete aovemment." 

The ALSC accuses the 
Gulf corporation of 
"support ina and financing 
Portuguese aovernment", 
which, "in the time when 
all others European 
Governments have 
relinquished their illeaal 
control of African people 
throughout the African 
continent, still struules to 
maintain the most 
historically viscious 
manifeshtion of 
colonialism."· 

BSU President, Deseree 
Nash said, "We are 
supporting a good cause. 
We support the nlht of 
the African people to 
govem themselves, and it 
is our responsi bility as 
Black people to help our 
brothers and sisters any 
way we can." 

.. 

The Gulf affiliates beinl 
boycotted are: Gulf 
service stations; Con-
solidated Cilars, makers 
of EI Producto ~nd Dutch 
Masters; Puamount 
Pictures; Armour 
Products; Pan American; 
and Famous Music 
Corporation. The Por-
tUluese products include 
wines, olive oils and 
sardines. 

A National Demon-
stration has been planned 
for May 25 in Washington 
DC, and a 101. "I 
demonstration i~ 
scheduled for Malcom X's 
Birthday, May 18-19 

Accordinl to literature 
published by national 
planners, "As imperialism 
continues in crises, the 
exploitation of our people 
has been escalated. A 
national demonstration at 
this time in history can 
have iI significant impact 
in heighteninl the struule 
alains' imperialism. It is a 
history-makinl move at a 
historically critical time." 

~ 

n. , The CQndldQt~~?l'{ , .. B " . - ~ . \~. rown . .: .. --,. 
continued from pqe 1 

the other candidates to put 
limits on their spending but 
they just lauahed and said 
they would spend as much 
as was necessary to win the 
nomination". Brown claims 
that when the campaign is 
over "Moretti will have 
spent 51 .5 million and 
Alioto will have spent 
nearly 52 million ." 

In his speech before the 
two Democratic groups, 
Brown said he favors 
shortening the UC Regents' 
term but was against the bill 
before the legislature 
currently which would have 
the legislature propose a 
number of candidates for 
the governor to approve. He 
also said that there should 
be an increased amount of 
loans for the middle and 
low income students. In 

addition, he said "college 
should be for everyone", 
and called for proarams 
which make it easier for 
different segments of the 
community to attend the 
state universities. 

The secretary of state 
said he "expects the race to 
heat up." He also said he 
won't retreat from his stand 
on Prop. 9. Wednesday, the 
politial arm of AFL-CIO 
withdrew • their en-

-dorsement of Brown and 
Jerome Waldie, another 
cand idate for governor , 
because of their support of 
Prop. 9 . 

The son for the former 
governor, Brown said "it is 
time to sweep the rascals 
out of Sacramento." Brown 
said that if he were elected 
he would "return California 
as the leading state in the 
country." 

O'Neill 
continued from page 1 

financing passing the 
legislature, as the funding 

. of opposition candidates 
would "threaten in-
cumbents". Ms . O' Neill 
strongly supports 
Proposition 9, the Political 
Reform Act. She has 
charged her strongest 
opponent in the race , 
Walter Karabian, with a 
" demonstrated lack of 
honesty and integrity in his 
political career" . O'Neill 
has quoted Karabian as 

• E 
I:L 
0 
0 
.. 

• .. 
ea 

'E 
>-
• 
• .c: 
.. 

c: 
-• a 
en 
U 
:» 
.. 
ea 

i 
G) 
... 

>-
ea 
I 

.. 

1: 
• u 
c 
0 
u 
c 
-

• c 
1: 
ea 
• I:L 
I:L 
C 

saying that it is "ty ranny to 
suggest a code of ethics" in 
a political campaign . 

Other points in her 
program are limits on 
campaign spending, limits 
on the size of contributions, 
and in all out effort to 
restore public trust in 
elected officials . Citing 
Edmund C . Brown's Jr.' 
record as Secretary of State, 
she said he is to be 
"commended" for his ef-
forts , to clean up cam-
paigns, but that there is still 
much to be done . 

.. 

• .. "E Q • en Z 0 U ¥. • :» 
.c: II:: .. ~ .. 

at 
." ! .. .. c .. c: 

at at 0 at 
-

u c: u .. 
." ea C 
-

Co) U 0 
.. ! .2 u .. 

"CI N ., 
" 
~ C CIt -0 C 
Co) .. :::I ~ 
at ~ 0 0 c .c: .. II:: 

-~ • -.. .. .. II 
G • U 
• 

>- .c: >-~ ~ 0 c .a ~ ~ 
-

"CI II. -.. C G ca .. Co) E ! .. ::I • s • "CI ca • e ~ en 
-
- lL-

"CI 0 .a U g .. ~ • .. C5 Z c u 0 
•• • "CI .. E ca ,.c: c I- ." ::a 
.I • 

.z .. e .a • 
.! J a 

• - ... CI .. 0 :. 
"; • Q CI E 

.IJ 0 L 0 
• oM ~ • ~ .i 0 a • 

Bronowski Gets Award 
LONDON - The Writer's Guild of Great Britain today 

gave Dr. Jacob Bronowski its "Best British Television 
Documentary Script Award" for his 13-part series on 
"The Ascent of MAn". 

The series premieres for American audiences on the 
Public Broadcast Service this fall under the auspices of 
Mobil Oil Corp. and the Arthur Vining Davis Foun-
dations . Jointly produced by the British Broadcasting 
Corp. and Time-life Films, it has already been shown 
twice on the BBC and once in Canada . 

The pro8J'ams became a smash hit and each played to 
overflow crowds when presented as a film series at The 
Smithsonian Institution in Washington earlier . 

Bronowski, a Polish-born mathematician and noted 
humanist-philosopher is the on-camera narrator as well 
as the writer of the series . A Fellow of The Salk Institute 
and head of the Council For Biology In Human Affairs, 
he presents a personalized view of Man's evolution . 

looking at life through the eyes of a scientist-
humanist, "The Ascent of Man" traces man's rise from a 
creature only a notch above the apes to something only 
slightly less than the angels . The filming was done over 
an ll-month period in 27 countries ranging from the 
super primitive to the world's most technologically 
advanced . 

Rather than follow a hard chronology or a sequence 
of notable events, Bronowski ties the rise of mankind to 
discoveries which enable him to evolve through a 
progression of cultural phases or events . In so doing, he 
portrays man as a creature whose evolution was keyed 
to his ability to unravel the mysteries of nature 
surrounding him while at the same time putting his new-
found knowledge to his own use . 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

To students planninl to enroll in 
Economics 1 for 1974·75. Economics II 

will be .... in the Fall and 
Economics lA in the Winter. 

Economics lA is not I prerequisite for 
Economics 11. (BottI lA and 11 are, 

how_, prerequilit. for lC, 
which w. be ..... in the Sprinlo) 

Freelerlck'. Ski a Hike 
Get rtldJ for SUIIII" 

Hillinl, dim bini. and 
padilll 

7722 Fay Aw. La Jolla 
454-1410 

New Datln. Process 
Human fossils from the San Diego 

area have been dated at nearly 
50,000 years-more than twice that 
of any previous New World recorded 
dates. 

The dating was made possible 
through an amino-acid process 
developed by Or.!itffrey L. Bada, a 
professor of geocliemistry at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography 
University of California, San Diego, 
under a grant from the National 
Science Foundation . 

The accuracy of Dr. Bada's 
technique extends beyond the 
4O,OOO-year limit of the carbon-14 
dating system to several hundred 
thousand years, and fills the gap 
between carbon 14 and other 
radioactive elements that can be 
used to estimate ages figured in the 
millions of years . 

The amino-acid technique 
requires only a few grams of bone 
and can be completed in a f~w days, 
compared to pound quantities and 
weeks of processing needed for 
carbon-14 dating. There is little 
damage to skeletal remains. 

Most evidence to date was in-
terpreted as indicating that man has 
only recently populated the New 
World . This expansion was thought 
to have occurred within about the 
last 20,000 years by migration across 
the Bering Sea land bridge at a time 
during the last Ice Age when the sea 
level was lower. 

"We knew that the sea level was 
low enough to allow the formation 
of a land bridge about 140,000 years 
ago, and perhaps also about 70,<XX> 
b .p . (before present," said Dr . Bada . 

The bones had been unearthed by 
il <tpilm <novpl filliml a I""nnn fm 

the development of the la Jolla 
Beach and Tennis Club in 192&. 

Amino acids are the molecules 
that make up the proteins found in 
living organisms. They can exist in 
two, mirror-i mage varieties, which 
can be called left-handed (l-isomers) 
and right-handed (D-isomers) 
molecules . Only the left-handed 
molecules are found in living 
systems . After death, the left-handed 
amino acids begin a slow conversion 
to right-handed amino acids, a 
process called racemization . 

Dr . Bada found that over long 
periods of geological time, the 
process continues until the ratio of 
left- to right -handed molecules is 
1:1. Therefore, in modern material , 
only small amounts of right-handed 
amino acids are found , but with 
increasing age, larger and larger 
amounts of them are present . 

The temperature of the en-
vironment influences the rate of 
conversion - the hotter the cI imate, 
the faster the rate . 

Dr. Bada calibrated for the 
temperature factor by comparing 
amino-acid dates with carbon-14 
readings from fossils that e)(isted in 
climatic conditions similar to those 
under which the San Diego Paleo-
Indian fossils were found . 

The calibration sample used to 
date the San Diego fossils was the 
Laguna Skull , which had been found 
in Laguna Beach in 1933, and which 
has a carbon-14 age of about 17,150. 
This calibration is possible because 
carbon 14 is accurate to about 
40,000 years , and there is a mutual 
"window" on dating that extends 
from 1U,OOO to 40,000 years , in which 
both methods apply . 

As a chec on the Laguna 
calibration, Dr . Bada analyzed· 
fossils from other southern 
California coastal areas that had 
been carbon-14 dated , and showed 
that amino-acids dates were in close 
agreement wi'th the carbon-14 ages 
of the samples . These results 
demonstrated that the ages deduced 
for the San Diego Paleo-Indian' 
fossils we re reliable. 

The amino-acid dating technique 
and its application to the San Diego 
Paleo-Indian fossils in the May 17 
(1974) issue of Science magazine. 

"One of the diff iculties is the 
scarcity of well-dated New World 
human fossils, " he said . "Although 
there have been a fairly large 
number of fragmentary fossils found 
in North America, most of these are 
available in insufficient amounts for 
radiocarbon analysis . We hope 
knowledge of the amino-acid dating 
process will open doors to new 
discoveries about the evolution of 
man and animal life on the earth ." 

Now the importance of the date is 
enormous because 48,000 years 
practically establishes man in 
America south of the early 
Wisconsin ice barrier . Previously, 
anthropologists believed man must 
have entered Amer ica in the inter-
Wiscons in time about 30,000 years 
ago when the ice melted back 
enough to make a corridor appear 
through central Canada . Evidence of 
man's presences in California, 48,000 
years ago, means, then that he was 
already south of the early Wisconsin 
ice, and implies an 8O,~year age 
for man or greater . It means that 
man was in America during the last 
interglacial period . 

Scientists at :':MS Fusion , Inc. Ann Arbor, Michigan, 
have announced encouraging success from their ex-
periments with laser-induced fusion , As a result, the 
production of energy from hydrogen fusion may begin 
in the mid 1980's rather than around 2000 as previously 

more laboratory have proposed some exotic fuels (1 1B 
plus proton) which would burn without any radioactive 
waste . The heavy hydrogen is more easily obtained and 
practically inexhaustible. It exists naturally in sea water. 
The amount of heavy hydrogen in one gallon on sea 
water, when isolated and fused, produces as much 
energy as 300 gallons of gasoline 

hoped . . 
In laser fusion, pellets of heavy hydrogen (deuterium 

and tritium), roughly the size of a pinhead, are blasted 
with a high energy laser beam. The pellet surface 
reaches temperatures as hot as the center of the sun, 
and burns rapidly , compressing and heating the m~1terial 
remaining in the center of the pellet. A hot spot is 
reached in the center and thermonuclear burning 
spreads rapidly through the remainder of the com-
pressed pellet. In less than one billionth of a second, the 
heavy hydrogen atoms fuse to form helium and neutron 
particles. The scientists at KMS Fusion are the first in the 
U .S. to conduct controlled fusion so far as to produce 
these thermonuclear neutrons . 

Fusion has definite advantages over the presently-
used means of nuclear eneriY production, namely 
fiSSion of heavy radioactive elements such as uranium . 
Fusion creates practically no radioactive waste 
products; fission does . U.c. scienti~ts from the Liver-

r------G The 
PI~~TE CltIlMA LID ~~~~: 
I inl=or I 

with 
ludy Garland 
Gene Kelly 

and 
Walter Slezak 

6:00 & 9:30 p.m, 

Mav 17 thru 24 

I in1=or- I 
with 

Elizabeth Taylor 
Lallie 
and 

Tom Drllke 
7:35 only 

944 GARNET, P,B. 

La~.:r fusion , however , at lOIS point IS \I~ry costly. 
Each pellet must be heated by a laser beam . These 
continuous laser pulses require much energy. Fission, 
on the other hand, is a chain reaction . After it begins, it 
continues without further energy input and , in fact , can 
be arranged to breed more fissionable material than it 
used . 

laser fusion is one of the two major methods of 
fusion being investigated . The other involves elec-
tromagnetic c onfinement of a plasma. Dr. Keith A. 
Brueckner, professor at UCSD (currently on leave of 
absence at KMS Fusion), has been a major developer of 
the laser scheme . 

trainina required. All Ianguille5 
Freelance. Send resume to Bo. 5456, 

._ ........ , Cal. 93108 

LOW PRICES 
HICH TRADE-INS 
RENTALS 

PROFESSIONAL & 
INDUSTRIAL 
DEAlERSHI PS 

OIlJ 

CU TOMA&W 
PROCESSING 
ON Pt«MIS[S 

.-J" 

FREE VAlIDAT£O PARKING 

2356564 



PORTS 

Police Challenge 
Top 1M Teams 

The Triton Times Sports 
Department has been 
recently informed that the 
UCSD Police Department 
has finally recovered from 
the shock of losing to the 
Muir HA's and is ready 
willing and able to put their 
0-1 record on the line 
against the best softball 
team at UCSD, Thursday, 
May 23 at 5 p .m . 

Since the 1M department 
won't know which team is 
best until the last game of 
the season, it has been 
decided to put together an 
All-Star team consisting of 
last year 's champion , 
BOOG, and two other 
strong clubs, BOATFOLK 
and ENTROPHY. 

The rules will be similar 
to those used in last 
quarter's one-pitch softball 
leagues, with a home run 
fence and each team 
supp lying their own pitcher. 

BOOG wi ll provide such 
unknowns as Fred Hen-
derson, Jimmy Roudebush, 
Tom Brown, Freddy Duffin, 
Damon Delistraty, Bruce 
Moar, Dirty Harry (not to be 
confused with the 
policeman) and none other 
than the strikeout king 
himself, the Big Boog. This 
group wore out the fences 
last quarter (mostly by 
trippi ng over them ) and 
fully expect to have a 
repeat performan ce in thi s 
gam . 

BOATFOL K sl uggers 

include Jim Strazzari 
Timmy Close, Kurt Fistrup: 
Josh Nyznyk, Mike An-
derson and Jeff Comport 
while ENTROPHY will field 
such notables as Allen Mar 
Barry Rothstein , Fred 
Cahng, Fred Kawashima 
Paul Ehara, and Mark Biller: 

Each team will play three 
innings and then turn the 
game over to the next team. 
Rumor has it that the fans 
will be treated to certain 
guest pinch hitters such as 
Cleo Malone, Jim Beckley, 
Bob Moss, Rick Bayer and 
Ed Tofoya. 

The police squad will be 
led by veteran Police Chief 
Hugh French (shown in 
action in the photo above), 
Lieutenant Bill Huffman 
Sergeant Art Mansolf ' 
Security officer Evely~ 
Moreno and the o fficer 
voted "Cop I Would Most 
Li ke to Be Busted By" none 
other than policewoman 
Lynn Grant. 

Other sh in i ng superstars 
for the police include 
Offi cers Jim A lexander 
O rville Copeland , Le ~ 
Crocker, Jim Harper, Bill 
and Gene Miller (no 
relation) , Murray 
Penhollow, Kichard San-
chez and Joel Thornell. 

This game is another in a 
series of activities that the 
police are employing to get 
to know the students better 
and let the students get to 
know the police better. 

San Diego Conservatory, Inc . 
present. 

BaUet USIU "Giselle" 
directed by John Hart 

Two performances only !!I I 
MIIy. 

... .Io11a M_", of C_porary Art 
.,..,...". .... 

.,.,'-'.t.-... J ..... 
tlckat11f3 

a. • I:ID .... 'or ,_ ...... a1·an 

What If? 

III Untitled VI 
by M.rk lisb 

Chet was talking about life and sports in general the 
other day providing some interest" 'g conversation. Of 
course it was a treat to see Chet around the office as he 
has been rampaging all over for his last two interviews. 
It was even more unusual to see Chet relaxing around as 
he had been doing so much work on his stories. It seems 
we are losing the story line. Chet was speculating and 
dreaming up hypotheti ca l sports situations. His keen 

min~ was wo~king on some rule changes that might 
proVide some Interest ing situations. He was asking for 
example, what if . .71 ' 

... in baseball if the ru les were changed to make 
three balls a walk and two strike an out. The millions of 
complainers who detest the boredom of basebal l would 
be satiated . It would also servE' to shortm the game of 
such teams as the Padres whi ch throw the fans into fits 
of despair The game would be much ~horte r and faster 
There would be more action as a pitcher would have to 
b much better since they would hav£' to get the ball 
over more. Think of all the new trategies and options 
coaches would have. Truly, here lies one an swer for the 
improvement of baseball . 

... in football the concept of " almost" is interje<..ted 
!,nto the game., Everyone is familiar With the old adage, 
almost doesn t count except in horseshoes and hand 

grenades". Well , we can apply that to the honored game 
of football. Institute into the game, a ru le saying that if 
a team penetrates to the 10 yard line but doesn't score 
they get 2 points, to the 20 yd. line but don't get farthe; 
t hen the 10 then they get 1 point and suppose they get 
t? the 30 yd . line but not any farther, and they miss the 
field goal attempt on all of these situations, they then 
get a V, point. Think of the dimensions this would add 
to the game. There would be a lot less ties in the game. 
Coaches would bf! encouraged to get as much yardage 
as they cou ld . Offenses would have a type of "almost" 
to strive for instead of all or nothing at all. 

... in basketball there were limits set on the number 
of players over a certain height limit that could be in the 
game at the same time. For instance, say that any team 
can have only one player over seven feet two players 
over 6'7" including the one already counted over seven 
feet, three players over 6'5" with the same limitations 
and at least one of the players has to be under 6'1" . This 
surely would change the dimensions of the game. 
Perhaps some sort of bargain could be set up so that 
each team is allotted a certain amount of inches per 
game ~nd it doesn't matter how they divvy it up. 
SUPPOSing, they had x amount of inches then it might be 

po~slble to allow two seven footers and two six footers . 
~hl s would c~rtainly create a covey of funny looking 
lineups. It might make it profitable to have on every 
team a person who IS small so they could get under their 
allottment for each gam e. 

. . . in hockey if a team was forced to play without a 
goaltender for at least one period each game. This 
would make it more exciting for the fans as they would 
get to see more goals scored, as well as put a prem.ium 
on good defense men, as they would be hard pressed to 
prevent easy scores. Or if the goals were en larged to 
force the goal ie to protect more area. This too would 
provide for higher scori ng games. 

. . . in golf the pros were allowed only 30 seconds to 
make their shot. Really good shots would then mean 
more as there would be fewer of them, besides it would 
sp ed up the game for the spectators, who usually wait 
for hours to see their favorite pro make a two foot putt. 

If you're interested in a challe"le with a .tarting .alary 
of about 59,000 a year, call Captain R. L. NELSON 
USMC at [714] 293-5073. The M.rines are Iookinl for 
college Iraduates for air and around officer proaram •. 

. . . for professional teams the tans got their money 
back if they weren't satisfied from their favorite team . 
S.uppose that the fans all formed a union to demand 
lower ticket prices and fringe benefits for season ti cket 
holders. They could also include some options that 
would allow for the fans to show their displeasure 
perhaps even take a poll to have a player traded . The 
way players keep demanding higher salaries, and the 
way the owners keep passing higher operating costs to 
the ticket buyers, it might be the only solution left to 
form a union so that the fans have a say too. 

I guess we 'll just have to try and keep Chet busy so he 
doesn't sit around and think up these crazy ideas. 

Announcements 
OOUBLES VOLLEYBALL TOURNEY 

The long awaited doubles Volleyball Tourney will be 
held May 26, Sunday, starting at 9 :00 a.m. Sign ups will 
be held up until Friday, May 24. The Tourney will be a 
BYOC format . (Bring your own girl or guy). The teams 
will be divided into pools and play round-robin mat-
ches, the winners advancing to the playoffs. Tour-
nament is open to all UCSD volleyballers, grads, profs, 
students. 

Hope to see all you fun-loving V-Bailers out there 
Sunday. 

SOFTBALL 
All Softball games must be completed by Sunday 

May 26. The teams in first place at this time (except th ~ 
Pork Chop, Terayaki and Hot Dog Leagues) advance to 
the finals . 

"1IE.a 
••• ASSAIl'. ~ 
.. trw. 
-.rat" 
-~ 

1174', MIST IUllDI5 
WILIEST MOVIE 

IS IE.! 

Heart, lung Disease 
Exercise Is Preventive Med icine 

cholesterol, etc,) and as a 
result cannot cope with the 
anxieties and stresses 
placed upon him - her. 

In the testing that White 
and Hunt have done they 
have found that the in-
tercollegiate athletes who 
participate in aerobic 
activities such as soccer 
and cross country are the 
best conditioned students 
here at UCSD. 

by Kirk Robinson 

"Exercise is a lifetime 
commitment" according to 
Athletic Director Howard 
Hunt and Jim White, a 
member of the Physical 
Education Department. To 
this end Drs. Hunt and 
White have been 
developing a " physical 
fitness profile," to help in 
combating heart and lung 
disease. 

In the United States last 
year over one million 
people died prematurely 
due to heart and lung 
diseases. Each year that 
number increases by 
50,000. In addition over S27 
billion in wages and 
medical expenses were lost 
by those suffering from 
various forms of heart and 
lung disease. These are 
conservative figures, as 
they are the ones reported 
and don't include the 
numerous unreported 
cases. 

Hunt and White are in 
the process of developing a 
series of tests that can 
detect early signs of heart 
and lung disease. Some of 
the tests that they are using 
include the traditional 
pulse rate tests as well as 

some newly developed 
tests. Some of these newer 
tests include measurement 
of body fat, measurement 
of the cardiovascular 
systems ability to transport 
oxygen, and a stress EKG 
diovascular systems ability 
to transport oxygen, and a 
stress EKG test. 

From the series of tests 
that Hunt and White 
perform on an individual 
they develop a "physical 
fitness profile" on that 
person . From the resu lts of 
the tests Hunt and White 
can prescribe an exercise 
program and a diet that can 
reduce an individual's 
c hance of dying 
prematurely from a heart 
attack or lung cancer . 

Hunt and White have 
spent two years developing 
these tests, using members 
of the San Diego and 
University communities as 
subjects for the testing. So 
far they have tested some 
500 members of the San 
Diego community througn 
the extension program and 
500 students at UCSD, 
primarily through the in-
tercollegiate and physical 
education programs. They 
have found that the 
" average student at UCSD is 

ENTER t 

not fit ." 
One of the biggest health 

problems that face people 
today and the one Hunt and 
White are the most em-

AEROBIC EXERCISE and 
a good diet are what Drs . 
Howard Hunt and Jim 
White propose as the way 
to aVOid heart and lung 
disease . Hunt and White 
have also found that the 
" average student at 
UCSD is not fit ." 

This is your key to unprecedented calculating 
power. Only Hewlett-Packard offers it. 

Once you discover how much our exclusive :tNfERt1 key can help 
you - as a student today. as a profeSSional tomorrow you won't want a 
pocket sized SClen\lflc calclilator Without one. Irs the key to a powerful and 
sophisticated language. offered only by Hewlett·Packard. that leis you 
"speak" to your calculator With total conSistency because It lets you toad 
data mto a 4·reglster operational memory stackwilh the follOWing 
consequences: I. You always enter data the same way. i.e .. from left to right. the natural 

way to read any mathemallcal expression. 
2 You can always proceed thlOugh your problem the same way. Once 

• you've enlered a null1l)er. you ask: "Can I operate?"" If yes, you perform 
the operation. If no you press INTER !., and key II) the next number . 

3 You always see all Intel mediate answers as they are calculaled -so 
• that you can check the progress of your calcula\lon as you go. As 
Important. you can review alll1llmlJers In the memory stack at any time 
by pressing a few keys. 4 You almost never have to Ie enter data a real time· saver, e~pecially 

• when working With numbers of eight or nine digits each. 5. You don't have 10 think youl problem all the way through beforehand to 
determll1e the besl method of approach. 6. You can eaSily recover from errol S since all operations are performed 

se~ lIentrally IIllmccll1ltcly after pressing the appropriate key 
'Z You can communicate With your calculator cfflclently. consistently and 

Without al11\)IQl"ty You11ways proceed one way. no matter what the 
ploblem 

Our HP-45 has an 1 ENTER +1 key. 
That's one I eason Irs the 11051 powel ful pre programmed pocket·sized 
SCICf'\lf,C compllt r calculator you can buy. H!lre are seven others: 
I Its pre programmed to handle 44 arlthmetk.tngonomelflc 61,(1 

• logarithmiC functions and data manlplilation operations beyond the 
haslc four (+. -. X. +). 

2.lt lets you store up to nine separate constants In Its nine addressable 
memory r<1glsters. 

phatic about is smoking. To 
White and Hunt smoking is 
the main detractor to 
physical fitness in the 
country. Of the S27 billion 
figure lost due to health 
problems, 91 percent of 
those people who suffered 
the losses were people who 
smoked. 

In addition to studying 
the physical aspects of ones 
health that are factors in 
causi ng cardiovascular 
problems, Hunt and White 
are researching the 
emotional and stress related 
aspects of physical health . 

They have determined 
that a student who is 
physically fit does not react 
adversely to stress 
situat ions the wayan out-
of-shape person will. The 
uptight person will 
generally be the one who 
does not get enough 
exercise and as a resu lt will 
often do poorer in his-her 
schoolwork due to anxiety. 

Hunt and White also 
pointed to studies that 
show lack of exercise 
(physica l unfitness) can 
lead to a suicidal condition . 
Once a person stops 
exercisi ng he-she can 
develop bad blood 
chemi stry (excesses of 

Hunt and Wh ite em-
phatically point out that 
exercise must be done on a 
regular and individual (in 
the sense of what's best for 
one person isn't necessarily 
good for the next person) 
basis or the individual wi ll 
regress quite rapidly in his 
level of fitness . 

To illustrate th is Jim 
White tested the members 
of his fencing team last fall 
quarter, then put each 
person on an individualized 
fitness program for the 
remainder of the quarter. At 
the beginning of Christmas 
break White retested the 
individuals and a marked 
improvement in their in-
dividual fitness was noted . 
When the students returned 
from break they were again 
tested and those who hadn't 
continued their exercise 
and diet programs during 
the month showed a 
marked regression in their 
actual fitness . In some 
cases the individuals fell 
below their September 
testing scores. 

3.lt gives you a "Last X" register for error correctron or muiliple operations 
on the same number. If you get stuck midway through a problem, you 
can use the "Last X" register 10 unravel what you've done. 

Both are available at new low prices-
HP-45: $325' HP-35: $225-

4 SCI It displays up to 10 Signi fi cant digits In either f,xed·declmat or 
°111 sc ientif iC notalion and automalically posi tions the declmat 

point th roughout Its 2oo·decade range. 

S.-O.MS O.MS-
.... It converts angles from radians or grads to degrees! 
.... minutes/seconds and back again. 

6. ._R II. converts polar coordinates to rectangular coordinates, or 
vice versa. 

, • Its gold "shift"" key doubles the functions of 24 keys which 
increases the HP·45's capabili ty Without increaSing Its size. 

Our HP-lS has an 1 ENTER +1 key, too. 
That's one reason why It'S the second most pow rful pr proqrammed 

pocket Sized sCientifiC computer calculator. It handles 22 functions. has the 
seme 4 register stack, one addressable memory register and also displays 
up to 10 significant digits in either fixed d cm)a! or sCientifiC notation. 

Now the exceptional value of these exceplionallnstruments is even 
more apparent. because we've reduced thel( pnces by S70~ You can now 
own the world's mosl powerful pre· programmed pocket,slzed scientific 
calculator, the HP·45, for only S325~ The HP·35 now costs just S225~ 
Both are oowoo display near you . 

If you're serioustyconslderlng the purchase of a powerful scientific 
calculator. you owe It loyourself to see and test the unprecedented calcu· 
lating power of the HP·35 and HP·45 You can do 50 at a store near you. Call 
Cllstomer Service at (400) 996·0100 for the name of the nearest outlet. 

(().",,"e<..kUSA p'ic.... ,rill('! '0 oolK".,hle :Iteol''I(i ~:'\kl'&' 

HEWLETT II PACKARD 
ca tr;m". ';2 (:fj S n nt, 0\ 

Prut'er 1 e Ai \: per! 0 C/\ ~~. 

When asked what one 
should do to avoid heart 
and lung disease White 
replied, "one should find 
ways to change his-her 
lifestyle to . follow certain 
practices which seem to 
reduce heart attacks and 
lung disease ." These 
practices include: 1) no 
smoking of any kind; 2) 
eliminate improper diets 
("obesity is a direct result of 
caloric intake.") ; 3) one 
should enhance his car-
diovascular system through 
aerobic activity (swimming, 
running, etc.) 4) personality 
changes that reduce stress 
and anxiety. Hunt also 
added that "one should stay 
th in and v igorous .. 

Hunt and White are 
hopeful to expand their 
program to test all in-
coming freshmen, then test 
them again w hen they 
graduate and if possi ble to 
test people on a periodical 
basis throughout their lives 

One problem that Hunt 
and White face in their 
research is the usual lack of 
funds . All present govern-
ment money being spent on 
health care is directed 
towards after the fact cases, 
trying to fix what has 
already happened. What 
Hunt and White are trYing 
to do falls in the realm of 
preventative medicine and 
as a result they are not 
receiving federal or state 
funding through health care 
prOl(rams. 

GREEK IMPORTS 
1031 Prospect / L. J. 

~ 
RSVP at 453-2317 

for UNION of JEWISH 
STUDENTS 

BEACH PARTY 
La Jolla Cove-Scripps 

Memorial Park 

Sun. May 19 3 :00-on 
$1 .50 

Meet by S·crlpps Park 
Sign 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up-to-cl:ite, lSO-P'I', 
mail order tltalol. Enclose Sl.OO 
to cover postaee tdellvery t""o IS 
1 to 2 daysl. 
RESEARCH AssisTANCE, INC . 
11941 WILSHIRE BLVD., sum =2 

lOS ANGELES, CALIf. 90025 
(2 131 477·8474 or 47J.~93 

Our rHure" INt,r ll l Is solo to, 
ruure!'! assistance on ly. 

PORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR ERVICE 

and 

AUTO UPHOLSTERY 
For All Cars 

CONSIDERATION 
TO STUDENTS 

76 8 rAYA\,E U[ 
:~l T~E R£AR 

LA JOlt t\, lIf 
4 ~4 1920 

Pale 11 Triton Time" ~y 17, 1974 



'M ....... ~ WONhIp' 
...... c,y e,f ldWM ........ 
.... a.IIII ............ with III .... 
.......... WI_ ............. 1HInI 
......... " yeu .. __ tor _rIntI 
o"'n·up I,." ohuroh. It 
Unlwrllty Luiherwt Church ..... 
fill ....... PCrtdni lot. I:JD .. 1ft. 
...... p.m •• CetheIIo ...... It 
UnIwrIIty LuthInIn Church. 1UID 
.. m .• c.thoIIo ....... t Forme! 
Lou,,". IIWIIII C ....... 11/171 

The Union of J .... h 8tuden1a wli 
be '-tint! • beech Plrty Mey 11. 
8un. from 3:00 pm on It Le JollI 
Cov.8crlpp. Mlmorlll Plrk. 
TheN will ... 'ood end 'un 'or oiL 
P ..... R.8 .V.P . • t 413-2317. COlt II 
.1 .• p., Plrlon. 111171 

monday 
Dr. Herold Guy. A N_ Z .... ndar 
wlllap .. k on hi. native countFy .t 
tho noxt m .. tl"l of tho American 
CotocMn Socl.ty. Mon. M.y 2II.t 
1 p.m. In Sumner Auditorium. 
Scrlpp. Inltltutlon of 
OcoonOllrephy. La JollI. H. will 
covor m.ny lIPocti of tho world 
."down und.,". Tho m.tlnv II 
fr •• nd open to tho pubH~ (6/171 

Thoro will be • m.t of The Un· 
der.radu.te Stud.nt Council . 
Mon Mev 20th. Subloct: MocIoI for 
_ .. udlnt govomment .nd 
~tltlon of budget prop ... l. 
Tho mOlt will b. hold In tho _ 

V1IUOorn cantor et 7PM. 11/171 

wanted 
WANTED: On. f. lrly lorg. 
refrigerator for around .a.OO. 413-
1131111/211 

WANTED: USED TENNIS BALl.S. 
DON'T THROW THEM OUT. I'U 
IUY THEM 2Ic for ovory thr • . 
4I2.M13 16/211 

SUMMER JOBS . Two .tuden .. 
will be noodod to help find off· 
compu. hou"ng for otuden.. In 
need of thl. aorvIca. Sign up .t tho 
S. E. O. Pick up .n .ppMcation 
th.,. or It the off· c.mpul 
houllng offtca. 210. M.C. Ap-
pUcotl_ mUit be turned In to tho 
off·campu. hou.lng offlc. by 
noon. Mon M.y 211. (6/211 
WANTED: Phya. Grad .. ud.nt or 
.dv. und.rod to tutor m. In 
phyolca. Call Iruc. 4I2-M3. Price 
nogoU. (6/211 
WANTED: LAROE TAUNKS. 
CHEAP It IN GOOD CONDITION. 
CAU ~ AmA IPM WEEK· 
DAYS 111211 

H ..................... tor 
I .. retary ot ltata. will b. 
......... tR ............ Mon 
May • It noon. He .. I lew 
.-...or trom UIC end ... 
.ppear.1II on m.ny publlo 
--.... .................. INIk • 
In offort to ... dIIe .... ., when 
he 0_11/171 

general 
8tudon. wlthI"I to ... 1 u. 
booklor ,..or. In the Fell may 
"'110 them In the Co-oP look 
Eache"l' durtAi tho IUm...., 
without Plneity. 8tudent. not 
wlehl"l to "'110 their book. mlY 
now pick thom up. 111171 

A Aikido work out will bo hold 
• 11y In the U.C.8.D< Gym .t noon. 
The room will depend on the 
numbor of poople In .. llted. 
P.op" 0' .11 1ov .. I.re Invited to 
• ttend. For more Info Ron K.n· 
nody .t431-2144 or Bob Buttone .t 
7I5-004I 16/171 

.. Appllc.tlon. for Th •• I. .nd 
DI ... rt.tlon R .... rch Gr.nt. 
from roolltored gredu.to ItUde.,tI 
.ro duo M.y 31 . S .. your dpt lor 
'urther Info." (6/211 
OASIS .. now rocrultlng tutore for 
credit for F.II Qtr. 1174. If you 
how compl.ted .. or more unltl. 
hove • 2.1 or .bov. GPA .nd er. 
In .... ted In tutoring • lowor 
dlvl.on mlth or .d.nc. couroo. 
pi .... call ext. 13111 or com. to 
Bldg. 210 MC 'or moro Info. 16/211 

Locturo by .rt critic M •• Kozloff 
.ntltled " Mor" ConlClou_ In 
20th Century Art." Thuro. M.y 23 
.t 1 pm In USB 2122. 16/211 

Nood IIb.,.1 .nd m"low room· 
m.t. for .pt. In Dol M.r. can be 
m or f. C.II Crl. 412-1. (6/211 
WANTED: 2 .. nlor gu" wl.h to 
.ub ..... 2 bdrm .pt for lummor. 
prot •• bly neor COilt. 412-1716 
W.11y (6/211 

Room In Cerclff. Quiet ta. non· 
• mok.. Ocoonvl_. 2D43 Edin-
burg (behind VOnll night.. 16/211 

Roommat. In D.vl. w.ntod for 
next VOIr. I'm going to the med 
IChooi. Dennl. m .. 731 11/211 

A_.rd t2Ii for Info. W.nt 3-6 Br 
plica Dol Mar ar .. Itort Juno or 
Sopt. .12 mo. ...... m.. ront 
.100/ Br/ mo. If I toke It. .a .. 
youro. Petor. X1033. or 7I3-t043 
(P6/211 

STUDENT DESIRES LlVE· IN 
EXCHANGE FOA CHILD CARE. 
SUMMER. LYNN #412·1.16/211 

Nood " Mud.,.t." poroon to .her. 
hou.. neor bloch (P.I .I with 
couple. m / mnth. Aon ... .". 
oft. 7 (11/211 

Child care nooded for 6 month Nooded 2 F nonemok .. ltortlng 
beby ·tli end of Quarter. ../d.y now. W VIII Apt. M2.1iO & uti 
IMWF "3\ M.rllyn GD-S2 (6/211 lummar or full y .. r. 4G .. 
WANTED: Empty liquor .nd wine 
bott .... Iring to tho Dram. Dopt 
offIco. Bid .. 2D3 MC. before Wed 
M.y 22. 16/211 

Hooded: RI. to LOI AItOi ar ... 

(11/211 

NEED M or F to .hore fum. n_ 
condo. CI ... to UCSD. Own room 
.100 & utll. Juno 1. 412-1 • . 16/211 

Thuro" 6/23 from 12 noon on. C.II 1 % mi. to campu •. M or F .1011 
Alck. 412.1011 (6/211 own rm. About July 1 (or b.forel 

412·1211 IIrbara. 16/211 
MANDARIN tutor who IIv .. In 
C.rdlf. Enclnltu. or Leucadlo. 1 W.nted. Qul.t F to .har. 1 bdrm 
nlto • wooIl . Ken 431-0112 (6/211 .pt In W VIII w 2 othere . ..,/m For 
W.nted TTL IC D.to look D_ 
Not Hevo To B. Up To D.t. Loron 
412·1117 111211 

Nood ride to RERKELEY or noarby 
M.m. Day ~"'ek.nd. lIIv. Fri 
ovo. or .. 1Iy StIt. Will .hero l1li. 
driving. Su • • .s.7U3I. 16/211 
Hom. for PUPPY. Fr. to good 
hOml. Cock.·poo. Mel. (cut. 
.nd lov.b", m -1171 (6 /211 

P.reon In whe>olchalr noodl ride to 
V.n Cliburn ':lncert thl ••• t. Fr .. 
tlck.t for .cc atnp.nymant. C.II 
K.thy 431-S314 Enclnltol (6/21 1 

housing 
Roomm.t. w.nted now for Iorg. 
hou .. In II JoIlo .7&. mo __ 1711 
.11-_16/211 

Roommlt. ~: Shlr. rift-
tllor ••• tudlo _ Inqulra MUIR 
2D a.- old rocltol holl ... Joy. 
111/211 

.um only. C.II 412-l17li. 16/211 

2 noed ride to S.F. 5/24n4 holp 
with g ••• tc. pi .... c.1I4I3-1I12 I 
463·1612. pIX. (6 /211 

HELPI My dog .nd I (f.m.1 n.d • 
hou .. or .pt for tho Ichool y.ar 
b.glnnlng Juno 1.t. lna.pen.'v • • 
in LI JolI.· D.1 Mer .,.. 
PLEASEIIIII evil & ..... (Pl /211 

H,.,,.. lor rant. Enclnlta • . Juno 
thru S.pt. 2ety. 2 Dd,",. rum. v ... 
garden . • undock . • 2110. 432-2367. 
SUlln (6/211 

Aoomm.t. W.nted. Fum . • pt. In 
PB 2 br & 1 % b.th. *' ront & utll 
C.II Jim X·1CMO or m.4IM 16/211 

DM· TolTIY Pineo Ich. 2BR 1 BA 
& 1 Ig rm w full IA. OCOln vu 
hu .. yd. D.o VII ~prili ... _ . 
4701 16/211 

I nood houlln. for aumm.r·f." In 
CI.lremont· Unlv. City or ••. 
m.OO/mo. mIX. Gin •• ~ 
NI .... II/21) 

WIImNG TUTOM NlIDlD: The 
Utllne • C ..... DII ..... ."..,.,.. 
................ tutDrlfw 
,... 11M. QuoIIIIoetIone ere 1.0 
OPA. u ....... iII ............... 
wrtdna .bIIIty. Tuton rOll8lvo 4 
unite of oradlt ILitiOIft .., the 
ftm qui'" they tutor, end .1 • 
or c .... In lUbMquont Q--... 
Inqw. .t the lit 10 offIoe • .at H." or ... 1. " ~ .ro 
IrrtoreIted In applylne. 11m 

Groduotl"l .. uden. or ltudonto 
not plonniAi to .... urn to UC8D 
for the f.1I 1174 Qua"., boglnnl"l 
Sept 11, ,.,.. .nd who how 
out.tendln. N.tlon.1 Dlract. 
N.tIonel Doten ... EduOltl_1 Flo 
Dot.",..nt. H .. lth Prof.8Ion • • 
R ... nt.· or other typo 100ne. 
.hould cont.ct tho Lo.n 
ColI.ctlon Offlc.. 204 MC . 
rag.rdlng .n .xlt Intervl.w. 
D.form.nt of p.ym.nt •• nd 
portlal canc.l .. tlon of lo.ne m.y 
bo .v.lI. to you. C.II Su .. n or Flo . 
•• t 2111. for your .xlt Int.rvl.w 
.ppolnt. 11m 

I" ... F.uor. P .. c •• nd Fr .. dom 
Cendldllt. for S.cr.t.ry of Stot. 
will ,p .. k to .tud.ntl .t Muir 
Coli ... Pllz • • Tun M.y 21 .t 12 
"oon. Brought to c.mpu. by tho 
Logl •• tor to C.mpu. Program of 
tho Stud.nt Lobby Ann ••. (11/211 

The MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL .. 
m.klng two .ppolnt to tho 
Curriculum R.vl.w .nd 
D.v.lopm.nt lo.rd (CRDB 
d.cld.. the G.n. Ed. 
raQulram.ntll Any Interllt.d 
.tudent .hould flll out .n .p. 
plication In tho D .. n·. Offlc • . 
Th.n. 11/171 

VACATION EXCHANGE. Augu". 
BERKELEY Blophy.lclot will _.p 
Iorg. f.mlly vl_ hom. 211 min. 
S .F. for f.mlly hom. neor b .. ch 
CALL (41111 121-11IiI. IPI/171 

SUMMER RENTAL own room & 
bath furnl.hed . f.nc.d yerd. 
gerden SoI.na BlOCh .., & utll. 
'151111 16/211 

lost & found 
LOIt: .. t of klYl· bl.ck IeIthor 
c .... PI_ c.1 413-2337 111/211 

LOST: At tho IOUna 6-17 dirty old 
monk.y & glraff. towel. PI_ 
contact Kevin. Muir K .... 16/211 

LAST CHANCE to clelm w.tch 
found In gym .ra •• whl" .go. 
Identify. C.II Brat. 412 __ (6/211 
If you _. wht. •• VW Bug. IIc. 
VBV 013. P ..... c.1I tho copo. It 
w.. mlno & IOm.body ..... It. 
Eric 11/211 

LOST G.II: G.loI. Th.ory; Har. 
.t.ln: AI •• bra; V.d W.erd.n: 
AI.ebra; M.cM.hon: Comb. A.: 
T.T. 16/211 

FOUND: Grey Pood .. m.l. w/b • . 
m.rk on hlp. found behind C.ntrol 
Library 6/16 4:30 contoct Mr .. 
P.zz oR 755-3141 (6/211 

FOUND 6/14: SLIDE AULE. MUlA 
RM 1330 CALL 21O-07tI 11/211 

FOUND: bl.ck lib F .• 3 mOl 111 old. 
C.II M.tt or TI.ha. S&E IIbrory. 
(5/211 

whoover took my m.th & ph"ICI 
t .... from Aevoll. c.f. I118n4 
pl ... rotum thoml Grog B.kor 
(5/211 
loU n.tural plgbrlltl. bru.h. 
wood.n handle .t HL 11 41 
Tu ... y tho 14th. TT. 16/211 

LOit • bl.ck wlndbro.ker on 1M 
fl.ld··whlt. U.g with S •• 
S.rcher embl.m. 463·0771 15/211 

for sale 
SR10 C.lculltor ownod by Lit. 
MaJor·Hardly pu.hod. C.II P.ul 
4I2.CM17 16/211 

Sony TCm R.I·R .. I Dock .11. or 
offer Contoct K .. th ~ (11/211 
Kay.k for "'0; flbor..... well 
mod • . Plter X1I22 or m ·lII7 ... 
(6/211 
0v0tI0n ...,rtng ""hlr w /CllO 
ImOi old· EXC. condo • • CIOt or 
bolt off. _ -1_ Jim 111/211 

.. _erd for Info loed.,. to Fom wit'! dOlI noodo houllng for 1 Ft. twood oouoh .ood cond. The 
ron" of plica In D.M .. LJ . 'or fotl thIo _mmer end next .,..r _r utI __ In comfort. .. Cell Art 

OIl ",21! J .... Ann 11/211 UCSD. Laurto .,..., ./211 .... 111211 

HUMAMTIU PHOTOGRAPHIC IUaJICT A PROFICIINCY APPUCATl0N8ARlNOWHINQ 
IX ... IT: GIllMAN UTlMTURI bAM: AnyHdy who ........ ACCEnlD 1'0111 fOUIIITH 
AND CULTUIII IN ~MCAN "au.., A REQD" on hie tronIortpt COL L I Q IRE 8 IDE N T 
IXILa Am .. _ .. _ till .hould t.1lI tho lubJ.ot A AllllTANn. Two otu .... wli 
....... fill .... ........ IIhow on ......... 10'1 •• m .Iven It the end b. IPpolnt. Tho .. Int., .. t.d 
...... until..., 'II In .... C.... of thIe lluortor. The I .. m I.n .hould contaot tho Stud.nt 
111bNrY. It wII foouI ... .......... ..... written In rMPoneo to.n Employment 0tfI0. for ref.,.lI. 
IIf HItIor'. power whIoh to.... .rtIcIe alvin out at the _ml will II12II 
............ nd .......... to .... to ... ofhrod Juno 7th In 111m _ 
AIMrIoI In the ,... .. ,.. ..... H .... You mlY oomo any time 
wII ... the worU of Hennah ___ Z:CID Ind 7:J11 pm .nd 
AroncIt, Sruno ......... PeuI ..". untll:ClD pm to wrtta. For 
"'-...t.IIII.nd Horbert Marouoe. moro Info. lubloot A requirement 
IIntI comt to Hltll 211M or can X1M4 

NOTICE: WOMEN PIck up the 
lIulltlonnolrOl .nd .. ."... YOUr 
v .... for AfAc. In the Wom.n·. 
Conter .nd Rovol.. ProvOlt Of· 
flce. 16/241 

WRITING CLINIC - If you hav. 
difficulty gottlng your Id ... down 
on PIper or yOU .Imply w.nt to 
Improv. your wrttln. .kllla. the 
Writing Clinic can _lot you. Tho 
Writing Clinic I. not I cl •••. but. 
fr.. ..rYlee. Writing .dvlc. I • 
off.rod on • on.to-on. bo.l. on 
':OUflO P • .,.,.. Job .ppllcatlon • • 
propo •• I • • • cholerly .rtlcl., -
whatever the need. If w. can 
... llt you In .ny w.y. pi .... 
come In to our now loc.tlon: Bldg. 
2D. Am. 2ID24 (Muir C.mpu.1 or 
call our n_ .. t.nllon: 1144. (1/71 

REGISTRATION PACKETI FOA 
FAU QUARTER. 1174 _re IOftt 
to continuing Itudent. by M.y I . 
1174. 8tud.nt. who hlv. not 
,.. .. vod tholr peck ... by M.y ,. 
.houlcl como to tho Rogletretlon 
.nd 8chodulng 0ffl0i. 211 MC. 
R •• I.tratlon card. will b. 
proe... durin. the week of 
MAY 311 throuvh MAY». Cardl 
flied oft., thl. w.k mult be filed 
wlth •• 10 LATE FlUNG FEE. 1111141 

11m 

Rev ..... Muir .nd Third Col ..... 
proudly pr ••• nt tho U.C.8.D. 
compuo wid •• ne. on Fri M.y 17. 
1:00 P.M . .t tho now Itudent 
cantor. 16/171 

LARRY KAPILOFF cendldato for 
Gov.rnor .nd d.mocrltlc 
rap,...ntotlva from S.n DI.go'. 
71th dlltrlct will b. .pukln. on 
Fri M.y 17 at 2 PM In tho n_ 
etud.nt c.nt.,. HI. prlm.ry 
.mphl.,. will be on medlClI cer •• 
t.. reform .nd .nvlronm.ntol 
protoctlon. PI. II com. to ... 
thll c.ndldat. brouvht to yoU by 
tho L'vl.l.torto C.mpu. program 
of tho UC Stud.nt Lobby Ann ••. 
15/171 

NOTICE: Thoro hav. b .. n .om. 
chang. In courooo to b. UMd In 
IItl.t.ctlon of tho O.n.r.1 
EduOition requlromonta for OIch 
col..... If you hev. not .Iroady 
comp ... ed your G.E. requirement. 
P..... chook with tho 0ffl0i of 
the ProvOlt of your col .... for tho 
cu"..,t lilt of 'Pproved courooo 
botoro comp .. tI"I roglltrotlon for 
tho F.II term. 111»1 

SIX CUNIC • W" N pm. 
...... Cou ...... 0ffI0e INa! 
to the Provoet OffIOII, Ext. .,. 
1 .... 1nIII C .......... ....... 
probIomo. Judy J .... _ M.D. 
.nd Hu.h ....... ""D. 1111 
10IrIftI Club GE,.RAL M_ 
borohIp ....... W .... May Dnd. 
I:JII PM. UII ... WII hold 
oIoctIon of ... offIoorL 111211 
Don! milo Stained G.... .nd 
Powor In • dllnoo .nd conon .t 
tho gym S.turday nI.ht. TIck ... 
.ra lUll on .... In tho Studont 
C.ntor. 1I/11n4. 

travel 
11th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 

Europ.: f,om t33Ii round 
J.P'": From MOl round trip 
Bill. Stud.nt Rep. 1113-1217 
Ov.rIond Ave.. Dopt. B . 
City. (1'1/71 
EUAOPE . ISRAEL . 
Stud.nt FlIgh.. .11 y • ., round 
CONTACT: ISCA 1036 Unlv.,.lty 
Av • . #11 Sen Dllllo. Cellf. 12115 
TEL: 17141 217·3010 (2131 ... _ 
1111171 

SSW TRAVEL OFFICE ON 
MATTHEWS CAMPU8 In· 
tornotl_1 C.ntor ..... 1~ 12 
.m dilly. 2~ pm MWF. Chonor 
FlI.htI. Int"I ID eor.. Euroll. 
Tripping. G,.yhound. NA. 
tick .... atc. 1P1171 

NIKONOS II UIW CAMERA w 
FLASH EXTRAS. COMPLETE. 
EXEL. GOOD PRICE 413-2411. 
AARON 11/211 

Wit_It Body Glov. fuN .ult W .. : Sorry but Wigi d_n't 
m.n. medium $30 412-1733. (6 /211 wrl.g". Try tho girl In IeIt 

Genuine Ocoon B.och Spac.m.n 
Blocklight painting. .110 writ. 
Tom. Bo. 47t1. SoI.n. I .. ch 16/211 

I' ll buy back tho AM FM· topoplr . 
.tolen from my Ford v.n 6/1/74 
no mI pr'OI .nd conditione. call 
Wood, ,..7106. nl... .ft., 10. 
(6/211 

TEAC A12110U MODEL INCLUDES 
SOUND N SOUND. ECHOOO. 
LINE AND SOURCE MONITOR. 
BEST OFF ,.2114 (11/211 
SURFBOARD . ..... g ... F .... fun 
Summer bOird. Brand now. MO. 
,..... Ilk for :rer •• 16/211 

wookand· •• 1"1". Iglg.I.1I (6 /171 
1 NYLON SLEEPING BAG & 1 
PAIR PIONEEA SEL..., HEAD· Leuro K. You'ro thou.ht of .Iot. 
phonll C.II dlnnertlm. 4112·1121 111/171 • 
111/211 

Buy .n H.ng Glldor .nd fly like • 
bird. S .. guU III 'or III. Froo 
I_ono with purchl • . C.II Alck 
.t 412-1747. 16/211 

2 L.n... lor NIKON . Sliver 
trumpet. AU fOlIO neb 10. Mult .. II. 

H. S. MAMMOTH ... J .A. 16/171 

Wolcom. Homo lImarl You'ra 
mora thin worth tho w.lt. Yooo 
B.b .. Lov. YOU forever .nd evar. 
Frad 16/171 

...... Koop Trying. 16/211 bOll·thlnk you for THE SUN. -
THE PAGE OF SWOADS - (6/171 

SUAFBOAADS: 7·... gun. "4" 
_.IIow. 7' .wIIlow. C.1I4I2-8726 GOLDEN LADY If you w.nt to 
(11/211 party EDDIE .. READy.... 16/171 

e' B.lne SurfbOird NO A .. I·to-
A .. I 4-trock Itoreo roc order ... 
444-4128 Bud. (11/211 
• VW BUG: Aun. good. 30 MPG. 
Interior .nd .xterlor f.lr . .... or 
off 7115-8216. 11/211 

D.r M ... L.II ... T.n moro d." 
.nd flv. hundrod ml'" to go. 
From yoUr S.n DI .. o Johnny 
An •• (11/171 

.1I·one '12 VW Conv.rtlb .. RUNS 
WEU eIOO. " -1711 • • ftor ... 
16/211 Surfboord 7ft. 3" Brend New .., 

Am. 411 Argo C.II Roy or Albert 
SurfbOlrd mad. by "Olympic 4D-1738 (6/211 

FAIA CLAIR - • bummar tlwt our 
belone. 0' ogoo .nd/or .hyn .. _ 
k.p UI repelled . • d.. Itokod. but 
loolng Intoreot. 16/171 

SurfbOlrdl" 7 ft. N_ .k ... Exc.1 
cond G.ry ~»11 (6/211 
HAYNES FLUTE. Stond.rd modol. 
Orl.lnel owner. Exc .. lont condo 
.1000 or bolt off . • "701. 16/211 

. 

serviCes 
TYPIST. F .... 4Iic: per Pili'. C.II 

SURFBOARD· CON &w.llow·t.lI. 463-~ 11/171 
• •• " cl .. r wi 3 "ringer. NO 274· 
..,16/211 

Doo-Doo; H.ppy two-o. I love you 
.0 much. 100-100. 111/171 

AI.n: Aerun on M.y 11: 
whlc:hovor. whonevar. howovor. 
AI.o. whatever. Spock 16/171 

M.ry Payne rob. dirty bird' • 
PAOlLEM PREGNANCY HELP nootl. DIRTY IIRD 11/171 

4 CI .. n U.S. M.g.typ. rlml for Abortion or K •• plng Fra. tom k.mm . whorl ARE you1 .d4' 
VW. 13 Inch tlr. with lockl"l progNincy t •• tlng .nd con· 1111171 
lugnut. Incl. "6.00 7111-1306 fldontlol couneoll"" on .11 the 
IM.rkl .ltom.tt_. Ilrth control' clinic. To whOlvor IIddfOl.ed .omathlng 

to John. PO Box 4121 : H. d_n't 
live thor.. Call 4I3-2aI If you 
w.nt It back. 161171 

BRITISH RACING GREEN MINI 
Morrl • ., t3IO.OO bUfnl 011 _ 
numbarl 413-1727 D.vld (6/211 
SURFIOARD: "3" Wat.,..t. ' •. 
condo $30. call Jim 222-27It (6/211 
ROLLING STONE. 131 back IlIu ... 
hl.tory of modorn rock & roll. 
m.k. off. C.II Rick .t ~21100. 
oxt. 211111. (6/211 
F.nd., Mu.t.ng gult., . ••• It 
condo m.k. off 412·1733 16/211 

FREE CHICKENS· four I.ghorn 
hen.; movl"l; mult glva .w.y or 
kill· call ,..3121 'V". 111/211 

VIOLIN Gr.t for fldd"ng or bog· 
Intor. pl.Y.rI clll 4113-7114 m.rly 
16/211 

73 Hond. XL 2110 .. ood cond ~ 
clwln " .IID :111 2112 11/211 
O'NoIl Spring IUIt. mod. ... 
K •• tln • ., Hlkln./mtn. booto 
_ worn " . Rbtr. Pore. co .... 
_-en. 111211 

folk. rook. 

BIATH CONTROL INSTITUTE 213-
.111171 

WOMANCARE . 1. G.met ...... 
7IiI1 Birth Control. Pr .. nency 
TOlti Abortion. ProNitol C.ro. 
(Pli/2l1 

Port"l .. In color or I&W. If not 
..tllflod. don't p'y. Cr .. thro. 
ch .. p. 413-1721 111/211 

Arlca Summer ..,·D.y Intonelva 
Outdoor R .... ntI.1 Trolnlng A 
Syetom for Conoelou. Human 
Evolution June 17-July 21 In 
Sonoma County Prlo. Inclu_ 
tuition m.l. & lodvl"". ... 
Stvdonta too Cell 4111-312-2111 or 
wrlta Arloe 10. F "u_lto. C • . 
..... (PlI171 

personals 
• HAPPY IIATHDAY PAUL 

lorbl.: B.F.D . • bout whot you .. y. 
I'm In Ih_ oc:. ... y .1 of todev. 
C.n you MY the IIm.1 m E 
RAPEA 11/171 

L.t your children have fun In 
coil ... whl" thoy I .. rn It S.I.L.T. 
D ..... lOOn. 111/171 

THX ". . W. c.n·t go on 
m."ng Ilk. thlo. THY 1131 111/171 

CORKY ... You·v. got tho cu .... 
little baby f.co. Lube. .nd the 
DooblOl 11/171 

DAVID ABRAMS Thll II. COl. for 
Colombol 11/171 

Jolly WIll e. you bllmey furnon 
You bloody ... cen ... 11/171 

IOMME ... • 11/171 ac: HIppy 21_ Ilrthdayl Mev tho 
WHIP .• w" ..... wrtv.... wrt..... nut VIIr ... ftIIod with ...... 
wrl..... wrl •• I • • · CREAMED .,..........It .urp ...... KItI.1II171 
111171 

BOOK MU8IC. 
c ..... oel. 11 In 
CHIAP mult 0011 
111211 

nooll oond. Megkr. 1' ___ fDIt Ill. "* 
S'-oft ... Juo -'tid to willi MY 
beIty I hippy .... on the ... 
............ w/low ....... 
111171 

Merle."" ..., ... MuGh Iovl from the _ 
u .... .-r .... 111171 


