
Volume 21, Number 16 

Three Deaths Result 
from Del Mar Collision 

Three fatalities and aCcountsof passengers (the 
twenty-three Injuries driver was included in the 
resulted from a collision at fatality list). • 
11 :30 Wednesday night 
between a train and bus at 
the Del Mar railroad depot. 
According to Officer 
Hoffman of the Encinitas 
Sheriff's Department, the 
collision occurred when the 
bus attempted to back into 
the driveway at the en-
trance to the depot and was 
met head on by the train . 

At this point a standard 
traffic investigation into the 
incident is in progress . A 
complete picture of what 
occurred is being pieced 
together from the separate 

Hoffman stated that to 
his knowledge th is is the 
first collision of this sort 
(between train and bus) 
which has occurred at the 
Del Mar depot. He added 
that the incident is not the 
result of a permanent 
hazard , but an isolated 
incident of a driver's error. 

Hoffman stated that to 
his knowledge no students 
were on the train , most of 
the people being passengers 
from the northwest area 
traveling into San Diego. 

Land Development 
Forum Scheduled 

An open forum seeking and Engineers Office, serve 
university and community the committee as con-
views on the development sultants . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO Friday, March 1, 1974 

What Brought QM to Cantpus 
by Jerry Schneider 

"This is a Quinn-Martin production. We are asking for 
your cooperation in the production of, The Cham-
pions ." Sign at Revelle Cafeteria, Tuesday . 

Quinn-Martin Productions, a Hollywood television 
company, left the UCSD campus Wednesday, as quickly 
as they came. 

But during its three day stay here, its crew member 
and equipment had a unique effect on the campus 
community. 

The first large sca le production filmed here in at least 
four years was met by large groups of curious and 
inquisitive onlookers at each of its seven locations, 
centered primarily on the Revelle campus. On several 
occasions, director Harvey Hart cou ld not clear the set 
of students. Although Actor's Guild Contracts call only 
for paid union employes to be used as extras (a number 
of "college students" were brought from Hollywood), he 

allowed a large number of students to fdl In the 
background . 

Actors and producers were more than obliging In 
answering students' questions. One Q-M spokesman 
attributed this to the higher level of intelligence found 
on a college campus compared to on-the-street 
locations . 

Despite a single incident in the Revelle Plaza, 
Monday, when several students momentarily halted 
filming by obstructing ca meras, the overall response to 
the company on campus, based on student comments, 
was hospitable, if not encouraging. 

Dick Gallegly, production manager and a ten-year 
veteran at Q-M, said that he chose UCSD because It 
filled the role of a southwestern university (the 
University of San Leone in the film) . The script also calls 
for hospital scenes and shots by the ocean . After first 
sampling the UC Santa Barbara campus and surrounding 
area, he decided on La Jolla where all locations were 
close together. 

Two weeks ago, Q-M contacted Patricia Greene, 
administrative assistant of public affairs, to make 
arangement for its coterie of crew and cameras Cy 
Greaves, manager of the office of public affairs, 
outlined the terms of the contract . For $250 a day, for 
three days ($750 total), Q-M cou ld film on campus 
They could not "disturb classes or disrupt any campus 
activity." The film also could not make reference to the 
University of California . 

Greaves also stated that the contract "primarily 
protected the University from liability in case of 
damages to studio employees or their equipment II 
Greene, as campus representative, accompanied the 
Hollywood-based group to each location . 

of the land areas According to Grobstein, 
surrounding the University the committee is using the 
of California, San Diego has University - Community 
bee n scheduled for Master Plan ,_ developed 
Tue day, March 5, under with wide community 
the sponsorship of the participation in 1971, as its 
Universi ty - Community starting po int and will 
Planning Committee . examin e all the plan 's U . ran out of time." 

The television pilot is to be aired Aprd 6 or 9, ten -
tatively, according to Gallegly, on ABC teleVision as the 
Movie of the Week . Its site will shift back to Los Angeles 
Monday to complete 13 days of filming Crews work 
today and tomorrow in La Jolla and downtown San 
Diego. The complete cost of the production, tit I d, "A 
Matter of Life and Death," is approximately $550,000, 
stated Gallegly. 

The forum , to be held specific provisions with 
from 2:00 to 4:00 p .m., will respect to currency and 
take place in the Dean 's feasibility before endorsing 
Conference Room on the any of them . The master 
ground floor of the Basic plan currently guides the 
Science Building at the University's stand on the 
School of Medicine . development of the land 
Through the forum, anyone east of the campus. 
from the university com- Grobstein said the work 
munity area may give his of the committee is to be 
~iews on the future conducted largely through 
development of the land " task forces" made up of 
surrounding the 1,()()O.acre representatives from the 
campus. campus (including faculty, 

The 1 2 - me m be r staff and students) and 
University - Community supplemented by com-
Planning Committee , munity expertise as well as 
established last December by professional consultants . b~ . UCSD Chancellor He said the task forces will 
William McElroy, has been' be the chief mechanism for 
as ked to monitor and collection of data and 

eva~uate, on a continuous formulation of policy 
baSIS, development plans recommendations . They 
for the land area around the will report their findings to 
UCSD campus . the full committee which 

The co~mittee is head~d in turn, will prepar~ 
by Dr . Clifford Grobstem, recommendations for the 
Vice Chancellor - University Chancellor. 

At present, task forces are 

M.J. Drive: 
Apparent Failure 

by John Taylor 
The state-wide marijuana initiative, which ended on 

Monday with the submitting of petitions to county 
registrars , appears to have failed, the drive's San Diego 
county coordinator has said. 

Spencer Wold, speaking to the San Diego Union 
Tuesday, said that though 375,000 sigrtatures were 
submitted from all over California (50,000 more that the 
required number), a "quite high" percentage of the 
signatures are proving to be invalid. 

Only individuals who registered and voted in the last 
election, or who have registered since that election, 
were eligible to sign the petitions. 

Wold said that a similar initiative in 1972 produced a 
30 percent rate of invalid signatures . A comparable 
percentage would result in failure to qualify the 
initiative, which would have removed criminal penalties 
for the possession of marijuana for private use, to 
appear on the November ballot. 

Less than half of the required signatGres had been 
gathered by the beginning of February. "We just ran out 
of time," Wold said . 

Melvyn Douglas, long time screen and teleVision 
actor, portrays Dr. Paul Harle on, who performs 
euthanasia on his wife (Mildred Dunnock), dying of 
terminal cancer of the brain . Harleson goes on trial for 
murder, defended by a father-son team of lawyers, 
Amos Champion (Denver Pyle) and his son, Sam 
(Bradford Dillman) . 

Gallegly, who also engineered the production of the 
F.B.I. for eight years, prior to his present assignment 
with The Streets of San Francisco, stated that the 
campus surroundings are needed because Dr . Harleson 
and his wife , also a doctor, are both college professors. 
The abundance of youthful energy on campus draws a 
direct contact to the aging, despairing doctor, he added . 

Q-M cameras filmed at the athletic field adjacent to 
the gymnasium Revelle Plaza and cafeteria , in front of 
Argo Hall and outside the second floor of the 
Humanities Library building. 

Television crewman also converted two rooms in 
Argo into medical offices . The four residents of the two 
rooms made an agreement with Q-M two weeks ago to 
be paid $50 each for the use of their room . In addition 
the four students received $25 each for moving their 
property in and out of their rooms . 

Greaves stated that the $250 per day fee is based 
relatively on that charged by UCLA : $1000 a day The 
$750 received from Q-M will be divided equally bet-
ween the public affairs office and the Revelle Provost's 

continued on page 11 Relations. In addition to 
Grobstein, the membership 
includes H. D. Johnson, 
Vice Chancellor - Business 
and Finance, and Bernard 
Sisco, Vice Chancellor -
Administration, and four 
fac ulty members ; Drs . 
Ja mes Arnold , Walter 
Munk, Larry Schneiderman 
and Sheldon Schultz. 

being formed to specifically ,.---------------------------....... --------------. 

Also on the committee 
are two university staff 
employee!>, Jerry W . Fitz-
simmons and Mrs. Terri A. 
Novit, who reside in the 
area covered by the current 
university master plan; a 
graduate student, leik 
Myrabo; and two un-
dergraduate students, 
Marco UMandri and Kathy 
Sheetz . In addition, three 
UCSD staff members, 
Assistant Chancellor David 
Ryer and Oon Sites and 
Jack Rule of the Architects 

consider four areas ; 
transportation problems, 
the development of housing 
around the campus, the 
proposed University Town 
Center in the area im-
mediately east of the 
campus, and The Villa La 
Jolla development under 
construction south of the 
campus. 

He said the task forces 
and the open forum are the 
first steps in developing a 
continuously evolving 
University stance with 
respect to community 
development around the 
campus. It is anticipated 
that a broadened University 
perspective will emerge 
that can provide leadership 
for community develop-
ment, Grobstein said 

Energy Programs Scheduled March 5th, 6th 
The energy crisis and its 

affect on transportation are 
felt by all as they try to get 
~as . But what other sources 
of energy are available to 
us? How else can we get 
from here to there? Two 
program s Tue day and 
Wed nesday will answer 
the e and more questions. 

On program on Energy 
and another on Tran-
sportation will be held 
March 5th and 6th in the 
Revelle ca feteria . Both 
programs will begin at 7 30 
p .m . and art' jointly 
sponsored by CALPIRG and 
the Rt'velle Guest- In -
Rt'sidenre Committt'f' 

Energv has been 

by Rick Drom 
receiving much more at- acquai nt tudent and 
tention recently a energy faculty with particular 
ources become carcer and aspect of energy 

more expen ive. Thi The e ond emlnar, on 
eminar on Tuesday will Wedne day, will focu on 

attempt to deal with thi Transportation and It 
phenom non and Its future B cau e about one 
re ult fourth of all energy ,ud 

The fir t program will for tran portatlon, th two 
focus on energy ource , topic arE' 10 Iy related 
including fo il fuels and Thi program will al 0 
atomic n rgy peaker Indud p aker , films and 
and film will pre ent th que lion and an wer 
problem and pro pect for S Ion to dE'al With 
the future . Speakers will transportation and its 
include members of th related I slies 
UCSD Center for Energy The 
Research and both pro and program 
con spokf'smen for nuclear 
powt'r Various workshop 
will .llso be hE'ld to belt r 

members of Rohr Indu tfle 
(bui lder of ma 
cars); the an 
Compreh nSlve 
Organization , AMTRA 
the California D partment 
of Transpc.rtatlon , and the 
UCL Ilydrog nCar 
PrOle t 

Togeth the e two 
program III e plain the 
pr' ell( ptoolelll~ dlld 
E' plore the future of en rgy 
and transJ)ortatl n 
tudpnt , I,ll ul t and \tdff 

,Ir!' pn(oura 'ed to attE'nd 
lhl'se pro ram If th y af 
'"terE' ted In th I ue 
Hoth program arC' fr p an 
0)1 n to til(' ~('nl'ral J)ubl, 
d w II 



You're Under Arrest 
Could you be fined 500 dollars and sentenced to 

spend the next six months of your life in the San Diego 
Jail? Statistics show that the vast majority of students on 
this campus are'violating the state laws making it illegal 
fol' any person under the age of 21 to buy, sell, or 
possess alcoholic beverages. If you have ever held a can 
of beer in your hand, or considered purchasing a bottle 
of wine in the State of California, you should read this 
article. I 

In 1971 the State Legislature changed the age of 
majority from 21 to 18. But they specifically excluded 
the freedom to consume alcohol from the list of rights 

~uaranteed to the new adults. At the time the legislators 
legislators felt that if young people were permitted to 
drink there would be an increase in the yearly traffic 
toll . In 1974 we can look back on four years of ex-
perience in seven states and see that those fears were 
totally without basis . 

Reports from across the country say that there are 110 
more 18-year-olds drinking and driving now than there 
were in the years before they were allowed to drink . The 
explanation offered by Sgt. Jerry Hendricks, of the San 
Diego City Police Department, is that "Most were dOing 
it illegally before the law changed, and that it therefore 
hasn't made much difference." 

But in California the inequities of the drinking law 
persist. So the Full Rights In itiative Committee is 
sponsoring a petition to place the question of equal 
rights on the June ballot. The Undergraduate Student 
Council has endorsed the proposition . And the San 
Diego Student Lobby Annex is spear-heading the local 
petition drive. If you are concerned about protecting 
your rights , and the rights of others, please help us 
collect signatures for the petition. Leave your name for 
Daryl Fanberg at 250MC (X2943) or in the Muir Dean 's 
Office and we will get the petitions to you . 

TUSL to Bring Bus 
A bright outlook for non-resident U.C.S.D. students 

arose from Monday evening's TUSC meeting. (The 
·Undergraduate Student Council) The Task Force, 
headed up by Mark Overgaard, announced a possible 
new bus service between Clairmont and University City 
hopefully beginning with the start of Spring Quarter. 
There will also be a possibility of a new east and south 
Pacific Beach , OGean Beach route as well. 

Lee Burke, Scott Thayer, and Tim Imbrie are 
representing the U.C.S.D . Student Lobby Annex at the 
Collective Bargaining Conference in Davis today. 
Anyone interested in knowing the outcome, contact Lee 
at X2943 

If you are interested in improving Administration -
Student relations, TUSC is sponsoring a Contact 
committee to look into the methods for improving such 
relations. For info contact Don Murphy at 452-8684 or 
Steph Harris at x2943. 

TUSC is presently in the process of reviewing its 
Budget Allocation procedures. All new and old Student 
Activities, Programs, and Organizations are required to 
submit a budgef request . The deadline is March 15, 
1974. Remember :0 turn them into "TUSC Allocations --
250 MC." 

A temporary c.)mmun ications committee is presently 
being sponsorec by TUSC to improve the relations 
between studer.ts and TUSC and other student 
government fun·.tioll) . if yvU <lrc intPrpsted in what 
Student government really is, and would like to get 
Involved, conta,; t Steph Harris or Kelly Cundall at 
X2943. 

The Ides of March 
The Triton Wargaming Society-will recreate the 

agony that was World War One this Saturday, March 2, 
in Tioga Hall 1102, from Noon to Midnight. 

The Wargamers will si mulate the Great War from 
1916-1918 In a gam made by the members of the 
Society. The game is for an unlimited number of players 
so newcom rs are welcome 

Triton WargamlnR Society President Jim Ss>to sa id 
that " the great War has long been neglected by 
historians and war gamer, thus the production of Ihe 
game" 

Clairemont -OeB. Bus Line Proposed 
A proposal to begin a UCSD Bus line to Clairemont 

and Ocean Beach has been submitted to the Business 
office. This bus service, if approved, would begin 
serving students, faculty and staff in these areas within a 
few weeks. 

This proposal was written by a student Task Force on 
Transportation, which was set up by the Undergraduate 
Student Council (T.U.S.C.) and the Graduate Student 
Council. This is the first step in a comprehensive plan to 
improve the transportation situation at UCSD. 

Due to the gas shortage and related problems, the 
Task force began by considering a UCSD bus line to 
serve the Clairemont and University City area. Without 
direct bus routes to campus, individuals in this area 
must now spend from 2 to 3 hours if they wish to take 
the city transit service. 

The second area which will be served is the Ocean 
Beach area. Since over 1,000 students and staff live 
here, a bus route would have a good chance to succeed. 
Though the Coast Cruiser is now operating in North 
County, the Task force proposal suggested perhaps a 
third route in the future to further serve this area . 

This Bus Line would be operated by' a registered 
student organization , which would be formed for this 
purpose. It would initially lease 2 buses from the Aztec 
Bus Company. Each bus would make seven, 25Tmile 
round tr ips per day. 

A part time business manager would be hired to take 

Extension 
Corrections 

University Extension mlnlstrative Complex 
announces that the (Matthews Campus) 
correct procedure for between 10 a.m. and 1 
enrolling in Spring p.m. next Monday, March 
Quarter Extension classes 4. 
free of charge is as 
follows : 

Th ir d College 
Students - enroll through 
Academic Counselor's 
Office . 

Graduate and 

Muir and Revelle 
students wanting non-
credit courses should 
sign 'up in Room 111 A of 
the Administra+ive 
Complex between 10 a.m. 
and 1 p .m. ,Tuesday, Apr)1 
2. 

operating responsibilities for the bus line. He or she 
would handle liaison with Aztec with respect to routes 
and schedualing changes, customer suggestions and 
complaints. The manager would also handle publicity 
for the line and coordinate oaid advertizing to be sold 

11 

-Rid. ~ Iw.s?_ No, 
It. We •• ~o ,.~. -

Volunteer Drive 
Peace Corps Begins 
As part of a Southern inqUiries will also be 

California regional drive received by the San Diego 
seeki ng 1,000 university ACTION office by calling ' 
seniors by May 1, the Peace 293-5083. 
Corps will open its thir- Coleman said that more 
teenth anniversary year Volunteers are teaching 
with three days of than any other .single oc-
recruitmem: and in- cupation in the Peace Corps 
formation actiVities at the which lists over 7,500 
University of California, San ~o+u!lteer teachers and 
Diego, March 4 - 6. advisors now serving in 

The three-day combined Asia, Africa, Latin America 
Peace Corps and VI ST A and the Pacific. 
effort plans to attract 50 "School systems all over 
UCSD graduating seniors the world are expanding to 
and graduate students with match the advancing 
majors in mathemati cs, technology of each country 
scie nce and sociology , and they need more 
according to Ralph S. math/ science teachers for 
Co leman, 28-year old 1974 secondary school, 
ACTION area manager who college and university 
is directing campus ac- teaching assignments," said Medical Students - enroll 

through respective of-
fices. 

tivi ties . Coleman. For a copy of the Spring H d 'b d th t Coleman, a former Peace e escn e e wo-Explore, or·an Ilxplanation . t 

Muir and Revelle 
students are assigned 
specific dates - Those 
wanting .£r!!Q!1. yourses 
should sign up in Room 
111 A of the Ad-

. Corps urban development year overseas asslgnmen as 
of course numbers (credit . 

d I t worker in the Dominican " requiring ingenUity, o r non - c r e fl 'bT d f " designations), inquire at ' Republic will team with eXI Ilt,Y an pa lence . 
David Byrnes, 26, a VISTA According to Coleman, 

the Extension office, or educator in National City in _ Peace Corp.s teachers are 
telephone counselor staffing an ACTION ap- asked . to Introduce new 
Janet Cooke mornings on plication and information teaching methods and 
campus extension 2061 . booth i n the 1 nformal generally encourage a 

Lounge of Revelle College creative ~nderstanding of 
from 9:00 A.M . to 3:00 P.M . mathematiCs and sCience 
each day . Telephone rather than a rote 

continued on page 11 

Urey, Gluck Cited for 'Impact 
on Community' 

Dr . Harold C. Urey UCSD 
professor emeritus, and 
Louis Gluck, professor of 
pediatriCS at the UCSD 
MeQical School, have been 
named among a group 
chosen by the San Diego 
Press club as having a 
significant " impact in the 
community". 

The club, meeting on 
Tuesday night, also chose 
the late James S. Copley, 
former heaaof The Copley 
Newspapers and publisher 
of the San Diego Union and 
Evening Tribune, as 
'Headliner of the Year' . 
Copley was voted the 
" single person who had the 

ABORTION 
ALTERNATIVES 

PRO-LIFE 

24 HRS . 

583-5433 

free speakers 
available 

greatest Impact in the 
community" in 1973. He 
was lauded as a 
"newspaperman, patriot, 
and concerned citizen of 
San Diego". Copley died 
last October . 

The press group, formed 
last fall as a cross section of 
editors from the city's news 
media, the Triton Times 
excluded, met at the 
Holiday Inn in Mission 
Valley, its headquarters. 

The former chem i stry 
professor, for whom Urey 
Hall was named, was 
described by the club as 
one who "continued to 
receive the highest honors 
available to a scientist" . Dr. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forsel'Yke 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45':"5; 30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

Urey won the Nobel Prize in the two UCSD community 
1934. members , included San 

Dr. Gluck was noted for Diego mayor Pete Wilson 
providing the leadersh ip to ("who retained San Diego's 
gu ide the Med School to status as a big league city 
" numerous pediatric ad- . by keeping the Padres".")' 
vances, including Dr . Brage Golding, 
e limination of staphy president of San Diego 
lococcus infection from State University and 
America's hospital baby William E. Quirk, Southern 
wards". County sector vice-

Distinguished Company president of Pacific 
Telephone and Telegraph 

Other recipients of Company ("long active in 
special awards, along with civic affairs" ). 

The Top Ten Co ...... and ... ents 
Pharoah sat on his throne as cooling waves of Niagra 

Cyelo-.Massage rippled up and down his somewhat 
Egyptian back. His bald son, Abu Ben-Cay, and Akenbak 
the general were taking tul'hs telling him of the birth of 
the deliverer of the Hebrew slaves in the land of Mogen . 

" ... and this star is said by the slaves to signal the birth 
of the deliverer." 

"Which star is this," asked Pharoah , " to deliver this 
message?" 

"A new star, your Pharosity . It is ca lled Kohoutek," 
Akenbak replied . 

"My father," Ben-Gay interposed, " let us senselessly 
kill every new born Hebrew male child . In this way the 
threat will be rendered meaningless." 

" So be it ," Pharoah decreed, "and on the way back 
pick up a couple of six-packs." And Ben-Gay and 
Akenbak rose to do Pharoah's bidding . 

" By the way, what is this deliverer's name?" 
"We know him only by his title," Ben-Gay replied, 

" 'Pizza Manl," 
"Pizza Man?" asked Pharoah . 
" Yes," Akenbak answered . " 'He delivers'." 
"Oh ." 

'" '" "* • • I\' * 

The news of the impending massacre spread through 
the suburb of Mogen like a flame that did not consume. 
Mrs. Moses sat in her easy chair knitting a pair of 
eyebrows for her new unnamed child . Her daughter 
came bursting through the door . 

"Mommy, Mommy - I only had one!" 
"One what, Miriam?" 
"One whip scar," Miriam said. 
Mrs . Moses smiled benevolently and picked at the 

scab. " It must be the Crest." 
"And another hot little item, Mommy. The Egyptians 

are killing all the newborn Hebrew boys ." 
Mrs . Moses' hand flew to her mouth in horror. "Oh, 

Jesu !" she cried . 
"You've been skipping ahead again, Mommy," 

Miriam said reprovin gly. 
Mo es, Senior grabbed Miriam by the houlders. 

"What will we do?" she pleaddd 
" I'll look in the book," Miriam sugge ted . A few 

moments later she had the answer. "We'll put him in a 
boat made out of clarinet reeds and ship him south for 
the winter ." -

All the music tore in Mogen were oon old out of 
reeds and little baby Moses was on his way to MemphiS, 
Atlanta, and Miami . 

Mrs . Moses watched as Miriam set the boat adrift. A 
tear crawled down her cheek . Yet the trace of a smile I it 
her face as an idea h it her. 

"Miriam, follow the raft ." 
"Why, Mommy?" 
"Maybe we can resell the reeds ." 

So it was that Moses drifted into the bathtub of the 
Phari na, Helen of Troy. The next day, Roto-Rooter paid 
a call. The Pharina took him and gave him to the chief 
ring scrubber to nurse him for her . Mo es was given the 
advantage of an education, franking priveleges, and a 
Pharoah to call his very own . 

Pharaoh Ben-Gay (for the old Pharoah had retired in 
Sun City) loved Moses as he loved his own begotten son, 
Deep Heet. He even let Moses use h is army on Saturday 
nights . 

As we look upon the scene, Pharoah is sitting on his 
rocker in the Palace of Information Processing waiting 
for Moses to enter. The herald trumpets blare out "Born 
On The Bayou" and Moses and his train enter . 

'T he mighty Moses l" cried the page. 
"The old blowhard ," Pharoah commented to the 

Princess Purina. 
Purina hadn't quite heard nim, " He does what?" 
Pharoah had not time to reply for Moses approached 

his feet and, bowing low, spoke. 
"Great Pharoah !" he yelled . " I bring you Ethi opia'" He 

stepped aside and with an expansive gesture, bid the 

Authentic 
Mexican 

Food 

Homemlde 
ClMllupea 

a .. r 

CombllUltlona 

Complete dlnn .. 
Lunch Speclala 

639 Pearl 

SPORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR SERVICE 

and 
AUTO UPHOLSTERY 

for All Cars 

CONSIDERA liON 
TO STUDENTS 

7638 FAY AVENUE 
INTHEREAA 

LA JOLLA, CALIF. 
454-1920 

bearers deposit their goods at Pharoah's feet. 
They were goods such as to warm the hearts of kings'. 

They brought ivory, banjos, watermelom, wood and 
gold . 

" And more," announced Moses, " I pre~e nt the King 
and Queen of Ethiopia ." 

The aforesaid king and queen strode to the throne to 
a fanfare of " I Heard It Through The Grapevinp" 

"Kneel to Pharoah," commanded Deep Heet 
" No," said Moses, " they are allies . They shall be our 

Masterlock of Egypt ' southern gate" 
Pharoah was pleased and later talked to Moses of 

another enterprise. 
"Moses, I should like your help. As you know, I am 

building a temple city for Walla Walla, god of boring 
c ities. It pains me that work is progressi ng slowly . There 
is muttering amongstthetrade unions, and the slaves are 
demanding longer water breaks and shorter whips ." 

" If I undertake this project, sha ll I have a free hand?" 
Moses inquired. 

"Only if you don't raise costs." 
• " Don't worry, father, " Moses assured him , "I can get it 
for you wholesale." 

Soon Moses found himself in Walla Walla, to the joy 

Low 
Blows 
and Cheap 

by Edward Simons Shots 
of Purina and the nvy of Deep Heet . He had been 
hiding behind a pillar in the Agora. He hailed a chariot 
and traveled around the site, surveying -the work . As he 
was driving around he heard screams of anguish . The 
slaves were pushing a huge stone block to be placed in 
the temple of Pentax, god of huge stone blocks. One of 
the water girls had gotten the hem of her garment 
caught underneath the mobile monolith , and was in 
danger of losing her dress. An agile stonecutter named 
Marcus Aurelius grabbed an Egyptian guard and bade 
him stop the stone, to little avail. 

"Stop the .stone! " cried Moses, and he motioned 
Aurelius to come over to him . 

" What is the old woman to you that you should as!.. 
for her life," demanded Moses. 

Marcus shrugged . "She owes me five ." 
Moses ordered one of the guards to cut the womall 

loose. Then he talked to Marcus. "What do your people 
lack that they will be happier and more productive?" 

" We. need much," Marcus lamented, "but mostly food 
and drink. The guards who stand around do n.othin~, 
but eat well , while we who work must eat at Mac 
Donald's. We would much rather have grain." 

'Where is there grain?" asked Moses. 
" The temple of Onomatopoeia!" shouted fhe slaves . 
The granaries of the temple were raided by the order 

of Moses, and the slaves' work improved. Deep Heet 
was suspicious of Moses' conces)ions to the slaves and 
talked his father into visiting Walla Walla to see for 
himself. • 

Chariot One brought Ben-Gay and Deep Heet to 
Moses' suite where he was busily engaged in watching 
the slave girls through a telescope. 

" I'd rate that one about a-hello,father! " 
" You don't eem very happy to see me, Mo es," 

Over 200 Grinningblrd ' every day connecli~g~rth­
ern and Southern California. Give yO.Y.t_campOt rep or 
PSA a bird whistle ......... ,.. • .n. 

Pharoah said, climbing out of the tiger pit 
"Nonsense, father . I'm glad to ~ee you .. 
"Uh, Moses Deep Ht'('t tells me that you 've been 

giving the slaves a day off as well as mor grub." 
Pharoah looked at Mo~es " Is thiS true/" 

Moses pointed 10 a cherry tree . " I cannot tell a lie," 
he answered . " It is true " 

"The slaves will grow fat and lazy With thiS treat-
ment," Deep H et comm nted dryly 

"Nol" Moses protested "Tired slaves make few 
bricks, hungry slaves make less " He paused for p(felt 
" Dead slaves make fertilizer " 

The attendants fe ll to t heir knee~ and gave Mose~ a 
standing ovation Deep Heet turned hiS head and 
Pharoah smiled . He asked one slave to fetch him soml' 
water 

"Yes, your ferocity " 
Ben-Gay nodded to Deep Heel. " This one bores mp 

Kill him ." 
One shot straight from the hip and the slave got a 

forty year short cut to the Promised Land. 
"Now, Moses, show me Walla Walla " 
"Over here is the temple proper, to the left of II. the 

temple improper. That one there is the European Health 
Spa and Credit Book Store. Then, of course, the 
Washington Monument, the Arc de Triomphe, and the 
Colossus of Rhodes. Incidentally, we got a good deal on 
that one. The Greeks practically gave it away " 

"Beware of Greeks bearing ." 
" Yeah , I've heard it, Deep Heet," Moses Interrupted 
Pharoah looked at Deep Heet and jerked a thumb at 

Moses. 'This is my beloved son, in whom I am well 
pleased ." 

Deep Heet regarded him cooly " You've been sk ip-
ping ahead again , father " 

Moses was happy, Pharoah was happy, and the 
Hebrews in Mogen were, at the least, less sad . The only 
two who were sad were Deep Heet because he stood a 
good chance of losing the Pharoah phranchis and the 
Princess Purina because she knew the truth of Moses' 
heritage A for Moses, he didn 't know Jack·or Harry, for 
that matter 

Moses arrived In the summer palace In Gonad, below 
the Second Cataract (s ince, surgical ly removed) In a fine 
mettle A fine metal chariot, ha ha ha 

After dlnn r In the Blue Room, Moses and PUrina 
went to Purina's chambers to talk 

" That wa a mddJy decent dinner, PUrina But you 
know what1 I 'm still hungry ,," So saying, Moses made 
his move. 

But Purina gave him the cold shoulder. "No, Mo es, 
please . Not now," she demurred, removing her cape and 
flinging herself seductively on the divan Mose quickly 
knelt beside her. 
" Whi!t 's wrong, dearest? Don't you love mel" 

" Yes," she sobbed, " and if you'll notice, I 've also 
epoxied your kneecaps to the floor ." 

.She was right . "Why have you done this?" 
"Moses," she continued, "who is your mother?" 
'Why, you know as well as I she is Menthol of the 

Fresh Breath ." 
Purina shook her head and the rattle caught Moses' 

attention . " Wrong again . Your mother is Pacificbel. " 
'What? Who is she?" · 
Purina tried to stop crying, but the onion slices taped 

under her eyes were too strong "She is a slave, Moses." 

Moses was stupified . "Wha ... ?" 
"Yes, Moses. You are Hebrew!" Purina turned her 

head and broke into fresh sobs, setting off the alarm 
Moses still looked ~ tupified, a trait he later cultivated to 
perfection . 

"Oy veh!" he suddenly cried . "So that's what hap-
pened to it! " 

Purina looked at him. " That's what happened to what, 
Moses?" she a ked .. 

Moses tightened his gi rdle a notch and grinned 
sheepishly "Oh, nothing ." 

Math? ... ~crencel?···:" J 
What's your num~ 

__ 1.~ 
'Teach , train teachers, work in ~cology en-
vironmental programs in 69 developlr g countries, 
sociology projects also available throughout the 
U.S. 

see Peace Corps/VISTA reps. 
March 4-6 

In Revene College Informal Lounge 
9 am·3 pm, or phone 2e3·5083 

APPLY NOW for 197.1 

Pi~ ) Triton Times, Mirth " 1973 



Del ar Election 
Next Tuesda,', March 5, two crucial Del Mar City 

Council seats are up for election. Students registered in 
Del Mar are urged to vote. The official Triton Times 
endorsements ,viII appear in our Tuesday edition . 

, 

POLLING PLACES FOR THE MARCH 5th Dl:L MAR CITY 
COUNCIL ELECTION : 

(Polls open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p,m .) 
NORTH OF 20TH STREET 
(Including north side of 20th) 
12TH STREET TO 20TH STREET 
WEST OF CAMINO DEl MAR 
(Including north side of 12th 
and south side of 20th) 
SOUTH OF 12TH STREET 
WEST OF CAMINO DEL MAR 
(Including south side of 12th) 
NORTH ' OF 15TH STREET 
EAST OF CAMINO DEl MAR 
12TH STREET TO 15TH STREET 
EAST OF CAMINO DEL MAR 
(Including north side of 12th) 
SOUTH OF 12TH STREET 
EAST OF CAMINO DEL MAR 

(Including south side of 12th) 
TORREY PINES TERRACE 

2938 Ocean Front 
(Off 29th Street) 

1332 Stratford Court 

720 Camino Del Mar 
(Del Mar Inn) 

347 Serpentine 

St. Peter's Parish Hall 
(On 15th Street) 

334 La Amatista 

222 Ocean View 

ee...uffa Head 
.fo&Icea Batk 

6g T_PWM 
In his first ever contact with students of the 

University, Dr. Leonard Oldspot, Chairman of the 
Department of Ancient Igbo Studies, yesterday an-
nounced to reporters the fifth anniversary of the 
founding of the Committee of Educational Destiny. Dr . 
Oldspot is unofficial spokesman and czar-intellectual of 
the group which plays a key role in the educational 
policies of the University. 

" For five solid years," Dr. Oldspot exclaimed, "the 
C.E.D. has made known to the Academic Senate, the 
current mood of students on campus." 

The committee has gained most attention for the 
numerous strong stands which it has taken throughout 
the years. In Dr. Oldspot's own office were created the 
timely and unsuccessful protests against co-education 
of the dormatories. In another initiative, legal action 
was suggested to divert funds from the controversial 
Third College to a multi-million dollar Igbo Studies 
complex. More recently the C.E.D. has received 
notoriety for its proposed Muir dog-slaughter program. 

"However," Dr . Oldspot said excitedly, "the most 
important problem we've been faced with is to decide 
whether or not P.E. should be allowed academic credit. " 
Saying he would deny it if quoted, in a soft voice he 
informed a Triton Times reporter that P.E. had no 
academic merit and he had therefore decided it would 
not be given credit regardless of what the other com-
mittee members thought . 

Nervously clutching a copy of 'Plato's Republic' the 
doctor announced that some people knew better what 
the students wanted than the students did themselves. It 
was simply a matter of finding those people and 
allowing them to make all the decisions concerning the 
students' welfare. He explained that U.C.S .D. was lucky 
to employ a professor who was so knowledgable about 
the needs of today's students, and promised to do his 
best to represent us. 

When asked why students were not allowed to attend 
the meetings of the committee, much less participate; 
Oldspot pointed out the committee already had two 
appointed students as non voting members. Both the 
Students, Lucy Reagan and Lennie Oldspot Jr. are in the 
Igbo honors program . Dr . Olclspot explained it was 
c learly nece .sary to prohibit the rest of the 

emotioncharg ~dimmature masses of students from 
attending the meetings to avoid a repetition of tragic 
incident like the destruction of the Revelle Plaza 
flagpole less than;: dc:::odp " 0 

Sadly conet·ding that the Academic Senate passed 
over many o f hI s ideas in recent years. the Professor 
complained I, itterly about other members of the 
committee whO' he felt just didn't und rstand what 
students need"d as well as he did. At one time there was 
even some d scus~lon of inviting fuller student par· 
ticipation , or at least announcing th existence of the 
C. E.D. to th student body and ~olic iting (or 
suggestiom 

"Lucki ly I was able to mUllle that sort of talk !" The 
Profes50r screamed angrily. " What would stud nts 
know about whel her or not In y should receive credit 
for P E 1" 

OncE' the Clirrent problem i ~ resolved, Dr Oldspot 
[lromlsed to d vote hiS full effort to wein!! Ihat I j.\ho 
\ ludIP\ MP made il (omp lJ l\ory I)MI of thp lin· 
{/I'rgrild udtl' rl' qulrf'mc nt, f(jr c'vc'ry LJ ( c., f) "uriI'll! 

Pagl' 4 Triton 1m,,,, M ... d 1 . ",-1 

,.",;;;:::::--~.-
--.. 

'WILL, MAY •• I GOT 10M., AND MAY •• I AIN'T-WHAT's 'n WOITH?' 

Open Letter From John Weare 
My name is John Weare and I'm an assistant professor 

of chemistry at U.C.S.D. Nancy Hoover and I are 
running against three other candidates in the March 5 
Del Mar City Council Election. 

As you probably know, Del "1ar has been under in-
tense pressure in the last several years from major 
developers who want to build high~ensity luxury 
condom iniums in our city . There are currently over 300 
units of this type in the planning stages in our city. 

As a result of the city council election two years ago, 
in which U.C.S.D. student Tom Shepard was elected to 
the council, Del Mar has become a leader in developing 
a rational plan for growth , However, this trend towards 
sanity is threatened by development interests who have 
poured money and time into this year's election in the 
hope of regaining control of the city . 

Whi Ie our opponents have spent the last two months 
calling us "sinister forces" and hinting at a conspiracy 
by the university to take over the city, we have tried to 
address what we believe are the real issues facing the 
city; the need for balance in our existing housing in-
ventory which includes rental and not ~st condominum 
units, the need to protect the essentially low~nsity 
residential character of the city, the importance of 
con troll ing the increasing property taxes which hurt 

The Talkin' Empty 
Gas Tank Blues 

by Friedriclc Wilhelm Steinhere 

there yer car wuz sittin 
down on the brake drums? 
Is that what's troublin. you, 
brother? Is that what's 
botherin you, sister? 

Well then, wipe those 
tears off your face, hold 
your head up high, and 
listen to this! The Energy 
Crisis was rigged! That's 
right, fol ks, the worst 
rumors you've heard are 
true. The so-called energy 
shortage is a fake! Next 
week I'll tell you who 
engineered this phoney 
crisis, why they did it, and 
what you can do about it . 

both homeowners and renters, ,the need to insure equal 
and impartial enforcement of the law by the sheriWs 
department-protection for which we all pay but from 
which only some receive service. 

We believe many residents support these goals and 
we believe we can win the election. 

However, we need your help. Tom Shepard defeated 
a major R-3 landowner by only 125 voles two years ago . 
That year over 300 students voted . For the first time in 
Del Mar, everyone had to accept the fact that young 
people were a factor in the electoral process. 

This year, over 400 students are registered in Del Mar. 
Nancy and I cannot win without your help. We need 
people to help with phoning on Monday and Tuesday. 
We need people to work at the polling places . And most 
importandy, we need your vote. 

One of the th ings I like best about Del Mar is that I 
feel I can make a difference as an ind;"idual in what 
happens to my city. Each of you has that same op· 
portunity and I sincerely hope you will take advantage 
of it. If you have any questions or you would I ike to help 
for the next few days, please feel free to call me or 
Nancy. My home phone is 755-6874 and Nancy's is 755-
1203. 

~ownin' m the Oil 
by Bob Novak 

[sung to the tune Blowin' In The Wind] 
How many roads must a man drive dow.n 

before he can find some gas? 
How many times m·ust a man get uptight 
till his nerves are as fragile as glass? 
Yes and how many times must the prices go up 
before they're a pain in the ass? 
The answer my friend, is drown in' in the oil, 
the answer is drownin' in the oil. 
How many miles must we cut down our speed 
to conserve what little there is? 
How many times will an honest man siphon 
what isn't legally his? 
Yes and how many times will they keep us confused 
just like on a damn physiCS quiz? 
'the answer my friend, is drownin' in the oil, 
the answer is drownin' in the oil. 
How many hours must a man wait in line 
Is it one, two, three, five or four? 

How many lies will the people be fed 
till they just can't take any more? 
Yes and how many dollars do the oil kings want 
till their profits cease to soar? 
The answer my friend, is drown in' in thP oil, 
the answer is drownin' in the oil. 

Ya say it wuz Friday 
morn in, an yer gas gauge 
wuz bouncin against the 
"E", an ya knew ya couldn't 
get gas again until Tuesday 
cuz you were an "even," an 
ya didn't want ta be stuck 
without yer wheels all 
weekend an halfway inta 
next week, so ya waited in 
line at a gas station fer an 
hour an a quarter, an when 
ya finally got ta the pump it 
ran dry? So ya drove aroun 
looki n fer another gas 
station, but they were all 
closed? An then ya tried ta 
make it home, but ya ran 
out a gas on the freeway? 
Smack in the middle of a 
bridge? An then a highway 
patrolman came along an 
gave ya a ticket fer blockin 
traffic, an then he called a 
towtruck ta tow ya out a the 
way, an the towtruck 
operater charged ya S25 ta 
tow ya a hundred feet down 
the road onta the shoulder? 
An so ya started ta hit-
chhike home, an another 
highway patrolman came 
along an gave ya a ticket fer 
hitchhikin on the freeway? 
An when ya finally got 
home ya tried ta borrow 
some gas from yer friends, 
but they were all out too? 
50 ya borrowed an empty 
gas can, an got up at six 
a'clock the next mornin, an 
went down ta one a the gas 
stations that opens fer a 
little while on Saturday, an 
sat on yer can next ta the 
gas pump fer an hour in the 
cold an dark until the 
station opened , an ya 
finally got a gallon a gas, an 
then ya hitchhiked back ta 
yer car, an wh n ya got 

$349~~ Europe Flights 1974 OAKLAND TO BRU~ELS 
FLT.307 JUNE 14 - SEPT. 8 

FL T. 308 JUNE 18 - JUL V 30 
9 ADDITIONAL FLIGHTS AVAILABLE 

flitf!tI_ open to ltudena. fNUlty.1Uff empIov-............... '_11y 
The , .... baed on pro-rab .... - .-1eI COMideratlon for ........ 

FOR FREE INFORMATION, FLIGHT SCHEDULES. RESERVATION 
CHARTER FLIGHTS, INC., 995 MARKET ST. 

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF. 94103 

Phone (415) 394-8512 

Letters To The Editor 
Misrepre-
sentation 

Editor, 

Hoover. 
Drew Keeling 

Initiative 
The Triton Times article To The Males of UCSD, 

(Feb. 19) on the support for You're enough to get 
candidates Heinzmann and even Hildagard Hamhocker 
Westerwick contained a frustrated! (The husband 
number of highly erroneous chaSing female in the comic 
and misleading statements Tumbleweeds) . It's not that 
wh ich need correct ion . you're not good looking as a 
Qu ite apart from the couple of girls said to you in 
vicious distortion of the a letter in the Triton Times 
of the Friends of Del Mar (a at the beginning of the year. 
local public interest On the contrary, the 
organization of which I am majority of males at UCSD 
a member), the Heinzmann- are good looking. Your 
Westerwick position is a problem? The majority of 
gross misrepresentation of you will not take the 
the issues at stake in Del initiative to really get to 
Mar . know a girl. Most guys in 

True, the present City this school won't go to a 
Council is not as responsive girl's room just to visit her, 
as it should be but that is even if they are just friends! 
largely the result of Mayor You seem to prefer to sit 
Heinzmann's consistent back and let the females of 
pro~evelopment stance . ·this campus come to you 
Some of Heinzmann's more and when they do, what 
noteworthy contributions happens? You either think 
to the deteriorating Del Mar they are forward and get 
environment include' one turned off or you take 
her vote in favor of a 50 un it advantage of them . Is it that 
add ition to the Beach hard to go visit a girl? I 
Colony Development on assure you that most girls 
the San Dieguito lagoon ; will not think that just 
two, her vote against a because you're visiting 
reso lution directing the them, that you're madly in 
Planning Commission to love with them. (Unless of 
take up an ordinance course it's taken 3 months 
restricti ng the bulk of of flirting with them to 
structures in the R-3 zone-a build up enough "courage" 
key growth control measure to go visit them.) If any girl 
later introduced and passed does get the wrong idea, 
by the Planning Com- when you're only interested 
mission and noW in limbo in being friends, it will 
(City Council approval is probably be because she is 
required) pending the so shocked that someone is 
outcome of the election . finally taking some 
(She also delayed passage initiative! I get the feeling 
of similar ordinances now occaSionally that males 
in effect in the R-I and R-2 have this "Varped idea that 
ZOnes by refusing to girls are only interested in 
consider them without every male as a prospective 
further "study"), and finally, boyfriend . From talking 
the mayor cast the deciding with a lot of girls, I've found 
vote supporting approval of that they seem to be more 
the Del Mar Woods interested in "playing the 
development, a S1oo,OOO-a- field" than you males. The 
unit condominium project. only time a male ~e~~sto 
Her vote was also the really take , an.y initiative 
decisive factor in the recent ' around a girl IS w~en he 
3-2 Council decision which really likes the girl and 
overruled the Design wh~ he wants her for a 
Review Board denial of two glrlfflend . As a result, you 
more large condominium get a lot o~ I~nely males and 
structures on the H 0 females sitting around by 
owned Old Hotel property ' themselves or with friends 

. of .the same sex on Friday 
Thus the statement .by and Saturday (and every 

the Helflzmann-Westerwlck other night for that matter) 
camp expressing concern nights thinking that this 
for th.e " need for school is boring I 
cooperation . to prote~t the Ridiculous! Girls, especially 
Del ~ar envlronm.ent ,ca~, around here since dating 
In light of Heinzmann s seems to be nonexistent do 
~oting record, only be not expect to be asked 'out 
Interpreted as advocating to dinner the movies etc. 
conti nued capitulation to We reali~e that dati~g is 
the demands of the land expensive. But what stops 

deve~opers who. are sup- males from asking a girl to 
porting the Helnzmann- dance or take a walk with 
Westerwick campaign. I . them? And surely, buying a 
would urge all students girl a cup of cider or a 
concerned about problems donut at the 5 & 10 would 
of growth and development not break your bank 
to ~upport the true pro- balancel The least you 
environment can~ldates; could do is respond when 
John Weare and Nancy the girl takes the initiative· 

DON'T MISS, BACH'S UNCLEI 
"Expert ensemble making classical 
chamber music 8 thrilling modem ex-
perience." 

SAT. MARCH 2 
8:30 P.M. REVELLE CAFE 

U.C.S.D. Students $1.50 Gen'l $2.50 
Tickets at Urey Hall Box Office 
CLet. Com.,. Admitted Dunne Imermhalon Only) 

Presented by Campus Program Board 

to try to get to know you . 
It's very frustrating when 
you're trying to get to know 
someone and you are 
getting the feeli ng that they 
are at least somewhat 
interested, and then they 
suddenly turn off and fail to 
respond. I assure you that 
girls do not bite and we're 
not, like Hildagard 
Hamhocker, husband 
hunting females who are 
going to mistake a little 
initiative on your part for a 
marriage proposal! 
A Female of UCSD 

Graffiti 
Editor, 

I n our letter of Jan uary 
29, 1974, we stated that we 
felt that the old mural on 
the water tank was part of 
student expression on this 
campus. Perhaps we should 
have clarified the words, 
"student expression" , 
Unfortunately, some group 
has taken the liberty of 
misinterpreting what we 
meant-the mural has now 
been replaced by a perfect 
example of childish graffiti . 
(In order to avoid being 
misunderstood once more, 
Webster's New World 
Dictionary defines "graffiti" 
as : "an inscription , slogan, 
drawing, etc . crudely 
scratched or scribbled (or, 
in this case, painted) on a 
wall or other public sur-
face.") 

Sincewe talked about the 
aesthetic values of the old 
mural , we intended to 

MOUNTAIN REP. 
WANTED 

REPRESENTATIVE FOR 
OUNTAINEERINO SCHOOL 

OME WILDERNESS EX· 
ERIENCE PREFERED BUT 
UaT IE PHYSICAUY fIT, 
BERAL ~RNINOS fOR PART 

,IME WORK , ADDED 
ENEfITS : ADVANCED 
RAININO, DISCOUNTS ON 
QUIPMENT. TRIPS WITH 
' CHOOL TO MOUNTAIN 
ANOn OF WESTERN 
EMISPHEIIE. fEMALE OR 
ALE. THE IDYLLWILD 
OUNTAINEERINO IN · 

TITUTE , P.O. lOX ... 
DYUWlLD. CAUfORNIA ~. 

NOW THRU SUN. 

imply that the student 
expression we referred to 
was one of creative, artistic, 
or constructive merits , 
Whether or not you liked 
the old mural, there was 
nothi ng in its content that 
would be found as ob· 
jectionable . The "new 
replacement" does not fit 
any of the above 
qualifications; moreover, 
the pai nt job is very sloppy . 

If, in any way, our 
previous letter caused or 
encouraged the painting of 
this graffiti, we offer the 
community of U.C.S.D. our 
sincerest apologies. And. 
we would like to thank the 
Mad Arab, B.A., and the 
S.B. in general for proving 
once agai n that some 
college students aren't 
mature enough for college; 
we hope they are proud of 
their contribution to our 
academic community . 
Sincerely, 
Gregory Cutter and Ilene 
Hirsch 

Idealism 
Idealism is something all 

of us as students have 
experienced at sometime or 
another. We have visions of 
doing great and meaningful 
things that will shape a 
world of peace and har-
mony . But somewhere 
during the course of our 
development we perceive 
our idealism begin to fade 
away into the common hue 
of the day. IdealiSm gives 
way to cynicism at best and 
hatred and anger at worst. 
We find that our visions 
have been clouded over 
with a fog of defeatism as 

multitudes 01 formerly 
vivacious and idealistic 
young people begin to join 
the ranks of countless 
others who have sacrificed 
their ideals in the face of 
the omn ipresent enemy 
"opposition " . 

My name is Donald 
Murphy and I was ap-
pointed by the Revelle 
College Council to 
represent the students of 
Revelle College on The 
Undergraduate Student 
Council. To me this means I 
am your servant . To you I 
hope it means you have 
someone to work for the 
attainment of your ideals in 
regards to education. I have 
not and will not give up my 
idealistic outlook on life 
but only have it mellowed 
by further experience and 
understanding of my fellow 
man. 

Some may say it is naive 
to hold on to youthful 
visions and idealistic hopes. 
If those of you who are of 
the latter opinion mean that 
experience will strip me of 
my desire to grow in love 
and friendship with my 
fellow man and that I will 
lose the will to understand, 
then you are one of those 
that have been defeated by 
the very things I am 
committed to overcoming. 

It is my bel ief that our 
present form of education is 
only a reflection of the 
individual members of what 
is called the educational 
system . I t reflects our at· 
titudes, hopes and 
aspiration . Each individual 
must ask him or herself 
what contribution he or she 
is maki ng towards the 

To save-

overall complex on ot the 
university . A " together " 
college has to have 
" together" Individuals 
composing it; IdealistiC. 
understanding 'and sensitive 
peop le who will take the 
bitter with the sweet as they 
strive to bui Id a peaceful 
and harmonious world , 
Always conscIous of the 
fact that this type of world 
can only be realized 
through the cultivation of 
the qual ities mentioned 
above in oneself . After all , 
it is you and I that compose 
the world . If something is 
wrong with the world, then 
perhaps something is wrong 
with you and me. 

As soon as possible I 
want to begin to meet 
informally with you my 
masters and begin to 
commune with you so that I 
will in fact be your 
representative and in truth 
your servant. 

Sophistry 
Editor ' 

After having perused the 
article " Salm Kol is : San 
Diego's Watergate" (TT 2-
26-74), I sat in abject 
disbelief. Kolis was con-
victed of perjury for 
falSifying her address on her 
petition for candidacy in 
the 7th Councilmat ic 
district. She claims she was 
arrested because she was 
listed on the ballot as a 
"Socialist" and on this basi s 
concluded that her con-
viction had all the makings 
of a " local Watergate". Any 
half-wit with a few 

continued on page 11 

our reputation. 
We stand for a lot of things to Unlveralty Employees. Highest return on sav-
Ings for one. Sure you can save at a bank or savings and loan association. 
but we can make you more money and do it while your account Is Insured 
to $20.000 just like the other guys. The graph below tells our story. We plan 
to pay you 5%% per annum on share savings accounts.· Ith life ttyIe. 

It's the be...." 01 low, ~ t~ joy 01 heedom. 
It's the best ...... book. 
It's Neil DYmond. 
It's ~ motion pktuIe. 

We stand for a lot of things to Unlveralty Employees, but the low Interest of-
fered by banks and savings and loens ia one thing we won't stend for. And 
neither should you. Open your U.S.E. savings account today. 

I ~-~I 
Hall Bartlett AI 
Jonathan 
L~ 

SeaauU 
HeIIc~T 
Ph~hyby 

MCOI ...... y·F_n 
Plue PO hcond 

F_ .. 

...... -boY' 

NIc'""-e R_·. Podc 
In'-IM.IliIloo, of tile 

A ...... n Child .... •• CIMeIc. 
C-'-'-e"- ..... n7M. 

SPECIAL SATURDAY 
MAnNIE 

MARCH 2 NOON TO 1:211 

MEMB 
INS 

ER ACCOUNTS 
URED TO 120.000 

BANK 
5% 

per.nnum 
Annu .. (comPOUnded 

hMbooIl dally) 
Accoun18 AnnueI YIetd 

11110 1S.13 
11.500 178.86 
12,500 '121.25 

U.S.E. 
53,4% saL per.nnum 

51/4% (compounded Mm .... nnu.lty) 
per.nnum 

(compounded 
~11y) 

AIIIIwI YIetd Annuel Yield 
1S.39 1S.78 
180.85 187,41 
1"·4.75 1145,77 

CALL OR STOP BY ONE OF THESE CONVENENT Of F ICES: 
5655 MMchd StrMt. 8M ~. Phone: 1I'I-,at/51., College A.,. .• 8M Diego. PtIone: .... "., 

UCSO CamPW. LymM Aile . • MIr_r RMd. La JoIl .. PtIone: ...... 

Pagt' r; TriCon Tim('\ M.urh t. l'Pl 



Theatre: 

"last year they were 
strange and good. This year, 
they're just strange," mused 
one theatre-goer after 
seeing the opening night 
performance of Federico 
Garcia Lorca's "Blood 
Weddina," presented by the 
UCSD Department of 
Drama in the UCSD 
Theatre. Strange, as Fellini 
is strange, but good. 

Blood WeddlnB Emily Grlffonh .. rt 
ofsand. In the center of the beautifully completed by exuded from each entertaining. Arthur E. 
round platform stood a the plaintive melodies and fibrovascular bundle in the Sousa" Jr ., as the bride's 
high, wooden tree-form vocal effects composed by hiceps, thrust through each father , with his hidalgo-
structure, rigid but Robert MacDougall. finger in the hands , esque moustache and wry 
somehow fragile . The costume of the resounded in each word of self<onfidence, held his 

The play began with the mother, a robe cut to reveal Robert MacDougall as ground admirably . in 
lights coming up to reveal firmly drawn, symmetric Leonardo. His virility was confrontations with the 
the costumes of motionless breasts and a fearlessly almost too overpowering mother. Sousa also played 
figures , and from that portruding stomach added for Sally Sanderman 's the part of the Moon . The 
moment on , the audience to the brilliant charac- characterization of the strength of simplicity was 
was not allowed to ignore terization by Robyn Hunt. bride. However, the intent shown in his costume : a 
the breasts, the chests, the Her powerful voice and her here may have been to length of soft fabric falling 
stomachs and the pelvic success in expressing the contrast the culturally into a semi<ircie across his 

In spite of the desire of regionsofthe players in this sorrows of the mother with sanctioned expression of outstretched arms . 
the director, Michael drama depicting th e dignity made the mother a sexuality in man as opposed The intertwining of blood 
Addison, to concentrate on confl ict between sexua lity role which demanded to woman in a repressive and sex was emphasized 
" the centra l dramatic and repression ina respect as well as sympathy society. Sally Sanderman again and again by Lorca in 
action," rather than the manipulative soc iety . from the audience . . and David Farkas, as the "Blood Wedding." There is 
" Spanish-ness" of the play, Deborah Dryden achieved The moments of greatest bride and the bridegroom, the constant references to 
one had an unmistakable the essence of the conflict in.tensity in " Blood Wed- were stronger towards the knives by the mother, for 
awareness that " Blood in her arrestingly unusual ding" were written in verse. end of the play, after the example, interspersed with 
Wedding" was written by a costumes ' the character of Robyn Hunt and Robert bride had run off with the advice to her son to 
Spaniard. The Andalusian each figure was sym - MacDougall , as leonardo, Leonardo and the incensed inflict a little pain, now and 
intensity of emotion and bolically revealed through integrated the lines of bride-groom ru shed to again, upon his new bride if 
sexuality, (the plot was the emphasis of different poetic imagery into the rest pursue them. he wi shes to be a good 
taken, by Lorca, from an parts of the body portruding of their characterizations so The comic touches of lover . The staging of the 
incident which occurred in through holes cut in that , never soundi ng ar- Freddie Jenkins as the battle scene between 
Almeria) , the fusion of blackened roughly-woven tificial or exaggerated, they servant woman and the Leonardo and the 
passion and violence, was robes . The eerie presen- left one thirsting for more beggar woman (fluttering bridegroom had an in-
strikingly contrasted by the timent of tragedy, Lorca, the poet. about in her ex-nun turned tang ibl e feeling of sex 
almost Castilian set. Sober, suggested by the set, was Cr ushing se n suality witch costume) were truly about it. Leonardo em-
sharp-edged, harsh figures, r----~~~~------------------_=_----....., braced the bridegroom, the 
sculptures of death and A t V k bride screamed (a real 
despair, stood motionless r - ar bloodcurdler, that one) and 
during the entire play, the audience was made to 
around a cold, hard metal The arrival of March in San Diego everyone to enJoy. know that the foes had slain 
platform . The hammered brings new and varied lectures, exhibits, The Natural History Museum offers a each other. The production 
meta l , suggestive of classes and plays to Balboa Park . Grab Bag Rock Sale, Sunday, March 3 was gripping throughout, 
Spanish cobble-stoned At the Cassius Carter Centre Stage, from 1-4:30 pm . Regarding their weekly and reached a crescendo in 

rested on a mound Jean Paul Sartre's drama, "No Exit", will seminars on Baja Ca liforn ia, March 5 the climactic death scene. 

Gallery 8 
Quilt Workshop 
The enthusiastic response 

to Gallery 8's February 
quilting classes has 
prompted the center to plan 
a further series of 
workshops during the 
months of March and April. 

The Beginning Class 
offers an introduction to 
Italian and English quilting, 
appl ique pieced and crazy 
quilts. 

Intermediate Quilting 
deals with the basics of 
quilting with a view toward 
expanding the concepts of 

de~ign and techniques. 
The Advanced Quilting 

class w ill include projects 
and problems selected by 
the students and wi II at-
tempt to expand the 
concepts of quilting and 
design . 

Gallery 8, located in the 
Internatio nal Center, is 
completely run by 
volunteers . The Ga ll ery 
specializes in high quality 
hand -made items from 
around the world . In ad-
d Ition , Gallery 8 
periodically sponsors craft 
exhibits and workshops All 
money raised IS used to 
help furnish and landscape 
the International Ce lter on 
UCSD campus 

continued on page 11 

LA MUJER EN LA , .UCHA 

be performed nightly (except Monday) at topic is "Birds, Repti les and Am-
8pm through March 31, with some phibians," the series will conti nue 
Sunday afternoon performances through March 26. Also, the live insect 
scheduled. In this production, two exhibit where honey bees construct their 
women and a man locked together for comb a~ you observe, is an especially 
eternity are forced to reveal their in- interesting sight and can be seen during 
nermost secrets. Could be an interesting museum hours, 10 am to 4:30 pm daily . 
way to spend a Sunday afternoon in If you're exploring Balboa Park you 
Balboa Park . may find interesting displays and exhibits 

"The Threepenny Opera," directed by in the Aerospace Museum (photo exhibit, 
Craig Noel is currently in production at " Famous Flights and Flyer~") ; the In-
the Old Globe Theatre. This musical is a ternational Aerospace Hall of Fame (only 
love story of bawds and bullies set in an display of Apollo 11 artifacts outside of 
eariy Victorian London . Performances Washington D .C.) ; Reuben H. Fleet 
also nightly, except Monday, at Bpm Space Theater and Science Center 
through March 17. (continued showings of "Capture the 

The Fine Arts Gallery, open from 10-5 Sun" and" Standing Up Country" ); and 
Tuesdays through Saturdays and Sunday the Hall of Champions (contained 
from 12:30-5:00, presents an illustrated display of pictures and awards from San 
lecture series through March 20 entitled Diego's sports heroes who have won 
" Mexican Murali sts : Ancient and national or world wide recognition) . 
Modern;" this weeks topic, "Diego If you're interested in i'culture", but 
Rivera." If you are interested, call the can't make it to downtown San Diego, 
museum for reservati ons and in - the La Jolla Musuem of Contemporary 
formation . Two faSCinating art exhibits Art may warrant your attention . From 
wi ll close this Sunday; the display of 62 February 26 through June 18, the 
Japanese Ink paintings of the Edo period, museum will present The French New 
and the exhibit of Pierre Bonnard's 114 Wave a film series featuring directors 
drawings. such as Resnais, Godard, Truffaut and 

Anthro and Sociology majors should Demy. All programs will be held in the 
find something of interest in the Museum Museum's auditorium, Sherwood Hall, 
of Man. Reservations are being taken for 700 Prospect Street, La Jolla, at 8 pm . 
the "Navajo Spinning" ethni c art ciass , to Students pay only 1.50 for si ngle ad-
be offered on March 7. The Potters Gui ld mission and 6.00 for the entire series . For 
Juried Show begins March 9 with information, ca ll or write the museum. 
demonstrations each weekend of the On Wednesday, March 6, the same 
exhibit. Featured also at this lJ1useum museum will present the third in a series 
during March; Early Man Exhibit ; " Do It of evening dinner lectures . Melinda 
Yourself Music" (ethn ic instruments to Terbell Wortz, Director of the Art Ga llery 
make and play yourself) , "Year of the at UC Riverside will present the lecture 
Days" ce lebrations exhibit which enti tled, "Photographed Objects As Art 
highlights seasonal festiva ls from around Subjects". The lecture relates to the 
the world ; " Nutrition-The Appetite of current exhibition of photographic works 
Man, "(nine cultures seen through foods , by B rnd and Hilla Becher and will take 
nutrition and health ). Molas exhibit, 20th place at 7:30 pm in Sherwood Hall. A 
century Cuna Indian appl ique work. light supper wi ll be served at &:30 in the 
Certain ly a variety and something for museum galleries . Reservat ions will be 

taken until March 4. For further in-
fo rmation, pl ease call Jan Bowers at 454-
0183. 

Young Concert 
Series Continues 

Cellist Jonathan 
Abramowitz will be ap-
pearing Sunday, March 3 at 
U .C.S .D. in the third 
concert of the Young 

. Concert Artists Series. Mr. 
Abramowitz was born in 
Greenbelt, Maryland. At the 
age of 10, he was principal 
cellist of the University of 
Maryland Symphony Or-
chestra and, at 14, was 
presented as soloist with 
that orchestra. In 1961, he 
also won First Prize of the 
Competition of the 
National Society of Arts and 
Letters in Washington, D.C. 
It was the first of many 
awards which include 
Washington's Friday 
Morning Music Club Award 
in 1964. He was also a 
Medalist in the Geneva 
International Competition 
in 1967. 

In 1966, Mr. Abramowitz 
gave his New York debut at 
Carnegie Hall in the Young 
Concert Artists Series. Since 
then , he has concertized 
throughout the United 
States and Europe. He has 
performed as soloist with 
orchestra, including the 
Binghamton and Rochester 
Symphonies. This season 
h is reci ta l appearances 
include concerts in the 
Young Concert Artists Series 

continued on page 11 

LUCIA DUKE 
ELLINGTON 

AWARD WINNING FILM 

3 HISTORICAL PERIODS DURING 
CUBA'S STRUGGLE FOR LIBERATION 
AND THE PARTICIPATION OF 
CUBAN WOMEN IN THAT FIGHT 

March 7th , 7 : 30 pm 
Revelle 2722 

admission $1 

Paae (; Triton Tio1<", M.url, I l'Pl 

CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD PRE"~ 

Jonathan Abramowitz 

CELLIST 
3rd In the 

Young Concert Artist Series 
Revelle Cafeteria 

Sunday, March 38: 30 pm 
UCSD Students free gen . admission $2.50 

and his 

WORLD FAMOUS 
ORCHESTRA 

coming to UCSD 

APRIL 6 

call 453-2000 
Ext. 1391 

for Information 

CONCERTS: 

Emerson, 
Before I describe their 

let me first declare my 
favor of Emerson, Lake 
They are one of the most 'nl'ClOndn 
groups around today. It is 
not to be affected by their 
and impossible to 
emotionally unscathed from one 
their concerts. Thursday, Feb. 
was no exception . 

ElP came to town 
quadrophonic sound, a 
array of light banks, and a 
backdrop which added vi 
effects to their music . All of 
was dwarfed by Carl Palmer's 
percussion platform- wh i 
revolves-and Keith Em 
m i nd-boggl i ng collect ion 
electronic gadgets : his 
built Moog resembles the 
panel of the starship 

I ndeed, the overall 
like being in a n~"l'h,nlnoi(lI 
spaceship. The 
the strange music 
assau It you r old patterns 
thinking and feeling . They 
exploratory- terrifying- excitl 

Emerson proved to be 
adept at jazz, boogie, honll'Mn,nK 
rock, classical, and e 
expression . He was physical 
omnipresent, jumping aroun 
between and even over his 
s~ruments . He is quite capable 
driving hi s audien ce craz 
pounding outrageous 
with his left hand and com 
riffs with his right . He 

JIM SHIPMAN 

Ie. But he revealed total 
in the midst of his fireworks 

"n'lfnl'v antics. 
treat was Greg lake on 

guitar for two solo 
lucky Man is a beautiful, 

without its electronic 
ishments. Lake's emotion-

voke carried his message to 
in Still ... You Tum Me 

a song about the in-
dence of performer and 

the most spectacular in 
ing of high points was the 

ion of Kam-Evil 9- from their 
album "Brain Salad Suraery" -
itle of which doesn't make 
until one sees them live. The 
e of Man 's folly and 

slowly emerges 
"carnival" lyrics, ("And 

with that, with our 
behind our backs/We pull 

a hat.lCet into that! Get 
, until the Machine 

takes over to straighten 
out. Fverythi ng builds to its 

Ie cl imax- Man vs . 
the music ends, the 

go out a; Emerson's Moog 
comes to "life". It turns to 

its hideous " face" 
wings and then 

in a blaze of lights, fire 
Whew! 

s pointless to attempt to 
y the devas tation that 

lake and Palmer wreak 
They are Simply over-

Concerts: Charles Hyde Music of the America's Festival 
Jean-Pierre Rampal . 

Robert Veyron-l....acroix 
Occasionally a concert has a thread of excellence 

that runs through it tying it together into a coherent and 
artistic whole. Such was predictably the case when Jean-
Pierre Rampal and Robert Veyron-lacroix came to 
Sherwood Hall in La Jolla . Their combined technical 
mastery and artistic inventiveness never cease to excite 
the listener; it was with good reason that this concert 
was long sold out . 

This famous flute and keyboard duo is heralded for 
perform ances of 17th and 18th cen tury work s The 
audience Saturday night was entertained by three 
Baroque Sonatas of differen t styles : Handel's Italien 
style, Leclai r's French style, and Bach's uniqu late 
German style Perhaps some may find it surprisi ng that 
Baroque music, often chastized for all sounding the 
same, is composed of se parate and multifarious periods 
and sty les On the contrary, I know of no other p riod 
where separation and differentiation of style plays such 
an important role in performance practices; equanimity 
of styles is what typifies an uninteresting performance, 
and provokes boredom with Baroque music in general. 
If a complaint may be made with the <-oncert, it was a 
lack of ciear delineation of ~tyles with these diverse 
pieces. Rampal 's tone is consistantly limpid and bright 
throughout all registers, and is a marvel of flute 
technique. I wish some of this pulchritude of sonority 
would have been better applied towards projection of 
composer's intent than of tone alone. Nonetheless, it is 
beautiful , and this is what the audience came to hear. 

Veyron-lacroix's rea lization of the bass was con-
tinually excellent. It was the practice in Baroque times 
to write only the bas.s line of the accompaniment; that 
is, the left hand. The right hand was to be improvised 
accordingly to a relatively sparce skeleton of harmony 
also usually noted by the composer. While this allows 
the modern performer great flexibility, it also leaves him 
with the task of "realizing" the full harmony from only 
this lean fragment, and to turn it into an interest~ ng and 
musically significant part of the performance. This is 
indeed what Veyron-Lacroix did, and the result was 
superlative. 

After intermission , there was a dramatic change of 
centuries as the duo performed pieces by Aaron 
Copland (1900- ) and Serge Prokofiev (1891-1953). The 
Copland duo was composed in 1971, and provided a 
welcome change from his complex, noisy works of 
recent years. It was quite melodious in parts, and had a 
temperment well suited to that of Rampal , with both 
slow passages and dazzling fingerwork . The Prokofiev 
Sonata was perhaps the most successful piece of the 
evening . Here Rampal's predilection towards breakneck 
speeds was matched by music demanding it , a fortunate 
and somewhat rare occurance. 

The concert was extremely well received by the 
packed house. The cheers were reciprocated with four 
excellently played encores . One could hardly ask for 
more from these great artists than for a speedy return to 
San Diego. 

friday 
IRVr1H AIlOO ptOdudlOll d 

and 

lobe,. .cIorcI, 
G .... s. .... eo. 

The Inter-Ameri can 
Music Festival , March 10-
18, sponsored by the UCSD 
Music Department and the 
La Jolla CiviC-University 
Symphony, is truly inter-
american and more. A week 
of kaleidoscopic musical 
events representing musica l 
America of the North, 
South, East, West, above 
and below, will set Festival 
participants' heads a-whirl. 
Not on ly will there be 
symphony and choral 
concerts of representative 
music, but also special song 
groups, dance groups, 
lecture demonstrations of 
unique music such as 
Nan car row's Piano Roll 
Music, Theatre Organ 
musi c , and exhibits of 
unique instruments such as 
those of Harry Partch as 
well as a musical bus tour of 
private co llections of 
mechanical musical in-
struments . 

rrom the North : 
Canadian composer Derek 
Healey will be here for the 
performance of hiS Arctic 
Suite by the La Jolla Civic-
University Symphony , 
March 10, at 8:30 pm, in 
Revelle Cafeteria, and at 
8 :()() o'clock March 17, in 
Serwo'od Hall , La Jolla. The 
Chorus will sing, among 
others, a series of Canadian 
folk songs, March 14, 8 .30 
pm in Revelle Cafeter ia . 

From the South : the 
Tijuana Ballet Folklorico 
with Chorus and musicians 
will entertain Friday, March 
15 at 8:30 pm in Revelle 
Cafeteria. Hector Garcia, 
Cuban guitarist, will play 
works of Latin American 
composers, March 18 at 
8:15 in 409 Me. 

From the East : Boston 
composer William Rice's 
Landmarks of New Hamp-
shire Music will be per-
formed by the La Jolla-
University Symphony, 
March 10 and 17. "Land-
marks" is an arrangement of 
18-19th Century New 
England town band tunes 
first performed at the New 
Hampshire Music Festival 
under the direction of 
Thomas Nee. 

. Southeast USA will be 
represented by hymns sung 
by a un ique group of 

heist ,... .... lDck ... almost 
fQ 

GYM 

saturday 

COLOR by IGPlc. 
DELUXE-

9:00pm only 50cadvance 

TO BE OR NOT TO BE 
with PLAYBOY of the WESTERN WORLD 

USB 2722 7:00 pm $1.00 

shaped Note Singers , 
Sunday March 10, in Del 
Mar, at 10 a.m . 

From Western USA the 
Country Fidd lers Jamboree 
with the San Diego Country 
Fiddlers Association will 
hold forth With Western 
music, Sunday , March 10 at 
2:00 pm in 409, Me. 
"Montezuma's Revenge", 
an enterprising group of 
young musicians versed in 
country western music will 
playa noon concert , March 
12, in Revelle Plaza . 

And from Outer Space : 
noted astrologer, composer, 
poet, philosopher, Dane 
Rudhyar will be on hand to 
discuss hi s own ex-
perimentation with music 
at a lecture demonstration 
featUring pianist, Marcia 
Mikulak, March 12, at 8' 15, 
in 409 M e. Rudhyar's music 
will also be performed on 
the two programs presented 
by the La Jolla Civic-
UniverSity Symphony. 

Addit ional attract ions for 
all audiences will be a band 
concert of Sousa marches 
played by the US Marine 
Band of Sa n Diego , 
Wednesday noon , March 
13, in the parking lot of 
Walker Scott Department 
store, La Jo lla . Harry 
Partch 's unusual In-
struments will be on exhibit 
at the Music Bldg ., San 
Diego State, with a 
demonstration by Danlee 
Mitchell , long-time Partch 
associate, from 1-4 pm, 
Sunday March 17 Don 
Rhode, organist With ex-
tensive professional ex-
perience, will play the 
theatre organ for the San 
Diego Theatre Organ 
Group, Sunday March 10, at 
9 30 , am , at the Fox 
Theatre, 7th and B St San 
Diego 

The whirl of activities 
conclude with a bus tour of 
mechanical instruments, 
such as orchestrlons , Welte 
pianos, rare nickelodeons, 
Saturday, March 16, from 1-
4, pm Several noon mini 
concerts have also been 
scheduled March 11 and 18, 
at the Atheneum in La Jolla 
For further information call 
453-2000, ext. 2095 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

COLOR PROCESSING BY ElS1lWIlOO~ 
SALES· RIPAIRS. TRADES 

DISCOUNT . NICIS 
~(CU.LJS1S IN CANDN "IOTOIoR/H'"JC 'YSr&MS 

ON' O'THaUl_ST UL.aCT'ONtw __ 
raUI~III.,," AN" S~"ft - 'RA'UItl __ 

HonbMAHIl<.M~ 

I 45.·'955 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
TT 17 fIo.V ""E. \ FrH ... klne 1ft 1M 1Iftt) 

Bucl~"eiser 

Check JIIr IoeaI 
n~io listiqs 

'-rti. 
ad statiOl. 

riDe i., 
dri.k W., 

· .. fI.! 
~IUICII, IIIe. • IT. LOU" 

PaRt' 7 Triton Timt's March 1, 197 J 



! 
Science Synopsis 
J. Snoclgrus. Ed. 

See Synthetically 
Synesthesia can now be experienced without the 

ingestion of halucinogens and the concomitant risk of 
permanently short-circuiting the brain. Scientists have 
developed devices which, ,aided by rigorous training, 
allow the substitution of one sense for another without 
chemicals. The present goal of this research is the 
development of an efficient artificial sight. 

Dr . Bach-y-Rita, an associate, of Smith-Kettlewell 
Institute of Visual Sciences, noted' that the brain can 
work around an injury, at times r~ring a lost function . 
Once destroyed, brain cells do not regenerate. 
However, the idea that certain areas of the brain serve 
particular senses-that sight, hearing, touch, and so on, 
have particular locations- is not strictly true. Bach-y-
Rita bases his research on the concept that one area of 
the brain can perform two functions, specifically, touch 
can be perceived as sight. 

The system developed involves a pair of mini-
television cameras possibly mounted on a person 's 
spectacles , which selld signals to a matrix of skin 
stimulators on his abdomen . The person can then be 
trained to perceive the electrir and vibrational sen-
sations experienced by hi< ~romach as visual input. 
Blind people can it' this way achieve, even if 
rudimentary, some form of sight through touch . 

With present technology, the perception of touch as 
sight requires monumental willpower, a pressing 
motivation to learn, funds, and in the case of loss of 
sight via injury, sufficient remaining grey matter for 
utilization. But the capability is there to be exploited. At I 
the present such devices allow blind persons to read 
meters and assemble electronics through a microscope. 
360 degree vision for pilots will probably be the next 
elaboration , and when SU( h systems are commercially 
produced, man will have taken his evolut ion another 
step toward a more efficipnt human-machine hybrid . 

,Highly Psid Chemilf 
Basement quaslchemist Augustus Owsley 

Stanely III, having spent 2112 years In the pen for the 
manufacture of LSO-25, is probably psyching 
himself up for another term. On March 15 the so 
called " King of LSO" will be sentenced again 
regarding income tax evasion on earnings of 239,000 
dollars In 1967-68. 

2356564 
LOW PRICES 
HIGH TRADE-INS 
RENTALS 

PROFESSIONAL & 
INDUSTRIAL 

DEALERSHIPS 

EXPERT 
REPAIRS 

and 
CUSTOMB&W 
PROCESSING, 
ON PREMISES 

FREE VALIDATED P.ARKINO 

2356564 
Pille 8 Triton Tim('( Marth 1 1971 

SolId 
State 
Policy 

Ity the end of the century 
intelligence ga..thering 
hardware is expected to 
take on an impressive 
sophistication both in the 
complexities of its design 
and the abstruseness of its 
purpose. 

A report delivered at the 
Third International Con-
ference on Artificial In-
tellillence, held at Stanford 
University, notefi that 
society may soon feel the 
impact of intelligence 
gathering systems applied 
to the prediction of social 
trends. As a result, policy 
formulation may better 
reflect public opinion, but 
opinion may also be ren-
dered easier to instigate 
with policy. 

Furthermore, from large 
quantities of coordinated 
data, eHicient systems may 
arise to monitor the ac-
tivities of subversive 
factions. Though this idea is 
well-worn , technologies 
involved are hot off the 

drawinl board . The 
mathematical analysis of 
political power, for 
example, is well un-
derstood, but the lack of 
necessary hardware, along 
with certain laws resarding 
the invasion of privacy, 
have prevellled its ap-
plication in the U.S. 

By submitting the 
movements and contacts of 
busy executives to com-
puter analysis, a company 
might be able to discover 
the actual, as opposed to 
the apparent, roots of 
power in a competing firm . 
The brainy executive ad-
vising the president can 
subsequently be bought off, 
and an advantage gained. 

By 1980, scientists 
predict, personal iden-
tification systems will be 
produced commercially . 
Thus, of most import to 
I ibertarians is the advent of 
a government with 
automated insides. When 
the mechanics of law, 
education, and health care 
are computerized, as en-
visioned at Stanford, a 
heavier concentration of 
power in an elite ruling 
class may result. -

Scientists Warned 
About Use 0/ Dogma 

SANTA BAREsARA - Are 
biology teachers, in their 
fight to keep concepts of 
divine creation out of 
science textbooks, relying 
too heavily on dogmatism 
themselves? 

Unfortunately, ·tnis is 
sometimes the case, says 
Dr . Adrian Wenner, 
professor of biology at the 
University of California, 
Santa Barbara (UCSB) . He 
blames " the human need 
for certainty for bringing 
about a paradoxical 
situation in wh ich a 
scientific attitude is 
discouraged in biology 
classrooms . As a con-
sequence, the teacher 's 
intellectual base becomes 
weakened . 

Uncertainty IS un -
comfortable, Dr. Wenner 
said in a recent interview. 
Positive findings are en-
couraged by teachers, 
negative ones are de -
emphasized . It is a rare 
biology textbook or review 
book that clearly and 
repeatedly distinguishes 
between fact and in -
terpretation , or presents 
interpretations as the 
tentative hypotheses they 
often turn out to be . 

Repeating the advice he 
offered last spring in the 
journal, " The American 
Biology Teacher, Wenner 
urges biology teachers to 

keep science an open - not 
a closed - book. 

"Let us put science back 
into all of biology 
teaching," he wrote. "Let us 
give biology students a 
I iberal education by 
teaching them to ask, for 
example : How does a fact 
differ from a hypothesis and 
the latter from a theory? 
How can a scientjst 
overcome his o~n biases? Is 
the creation explanation a 
cultural or a scientific 
explanation? Is evolution 
theory really scientific? Can 
it be tested?" 

The biology teacher , 
having thus rededicated 
himself to teaching the 
scientific method and 
having cleansed himself of 
dogma, will then be in-
tellectually and morally 
equipped to debate the 

fundamenta.ll~ts, according 
to Wenner . 

" If these dogmatists insist 
that the 'theory' of creation 
be included in biology 
courses, and if we are 
compelled to include it, let 
is be so - but only if 
teacners are allowed to 
handle the topic in a 
scientific manner," he said. 

"Biology is a science; 
therefore we can insist that 
creationism must not be 
given special treatment. It 
must not be sneltered from 
the scientific scrutiny we 
eventually bring to all ::========;;; hypotheses and theories ." 

EUROPE 
SPRING 

CHARTER 

NO UIT 
bv Jean Paul Sartre 

NOW PLAYING 
Constantly absorbing ... a 
bold confronlalion between 
two women and a man 
locked together for eter-
nity . . . there is no exit 
from Iheir private hell ... 
each is shorn of inmost 
secrels as Irue characters 
are mercilessly exposed .... 

$321 
Round Trito 

LA 
pitas 
Iv. March 21 

rt. September 3 
.-_--\ 

AveI.... Only To UCSO. 
• .....,.. 'lICuitY. ..... .nd 
tMlr Imrnail ... taml .... 
c_ IIW T ...... 0ttIce. I ___ IC-. 

M.m-. Cam"". 

---
10 • . m.-12 • . m.waall-.,. 

2'- lI.m. Mon. Wed. Fri. 

Ultrasound 
Diagnosis 

SANT A BARBARA - The sound "seen" around the 
world . This is how a sound imaging system for medical 
diagnosis with capacity beyond X-ray may be described 
when it becomes an everyday tool in hospitals and 
perhaps in doctors' oHices within three to five years, 
according to Electrical Engineering Professor Glen 
Wade of the University of California, Santa Barbara. 

Dr . Wade and his colleagues Dr. John landry and H. 
Keyani, who are among a handful of pioneer ex-
perimenters working in this area, have produced what 
they believe is the first ultra-sound imaging system for 
medical diagnosis based on Bragg diffraction of laser 
light to operate below five megahertz . At this 
frequency, sound will readily penetrate biological tissue 
at power levels well within the safe limits for human 
subjects, they state. So safe, in fact, it can be used on 
the human eye. 

Can "See" Orpns 
Unlike X-ray, ultrasound imaging can 'see' organs, 

muscles and other soft tissues within the body, in-
dudins fetuses, cloaed veins and arteries and incipient 

Eledrical EnalllHfl"l Profnsor Clen Wilde of UCSD 
observes pulled lazer bellm moduled by sound 
equipment. Unlike X-rilY, ultrnound imilging Ciln"see" 
orpns, muscles and other soft tissues induding those 
inside bones. 
tumors . Also unlike X-rays, it can penetrate such opaque 
objects as bones to reveal hidden tissues. 

" Acoustic wave images clearly show, for example, 
where tendons hook onto muscles, and can differentiate 
among types of muscles," Dr. Wade says. 

Moving images can be produced as well as still ones. 
Wade and his colleagues have made motion pictures 
from ultrasound images of fish swimming about, the 
bone structure and internal organs clearly visible. They 
believe that this ability to watch a subject in motion will 
be extremely useful to doctors in their diagnosis of 
patients suffering from certain forms of disabilities , 
such as heart valve malfunction . 

Wade describes the system as being remarkably 
simple and relatively cheap, consisting primarily of an 
ultrasound generating device, a laser, a water tank and 
an observation screen or closed-circuit television 

sy~tem for viewing . 
How It Works 

Basically it works like this : The ultra-sound rays, 
which are directed at an object in a water tank (water 
being used because it is the best ':ledium for ~ran ­
sporting the sound), penetrate the ob!ect and contmue 
until their path intersects that of light .rays fr~ a 
helium neon laser. The laser beam is then diffracted mto 
a pattern which forms what amou.nts to . an .optical 
replica of the acoustic beam . ThiS replica IS then 
projected onto a screen. 

Because those sound waves passing through bone or 
cartilage, for example, dissipate more energy than .th.ose 
penetrating veins or muscles, they produce a . dlstmc-
tively different image on the screen, glvmg the 
diagnostician a revealing and useful picture.. . 

Dr . Wade believes that this and similar sound Imagmg 
systems might advance from their current laboratory 
stage into the family doctor's office within three to fl~e 
years, and should certainly be an everyday diagnostic 
tool in hospitals within this time. 

Similar principles are being applied to acoustic 
microscopes, which offer the researcher the advantage 
of being able to view very small organisms while they 
are alive, a condition not possible with the electron 
microscope. 

UCSO SPECIAL SCUBA COURSE: $25.00 
Con.llt. of: 3 leetuNa 
3 pool .... Ion 
3 ocean dives 
all equipment provided 

cou .......... M.,.,... 

Sign-up across from gym equipment cage or wltl 
Bert Kobayashi P.E. Dept. 
Sponsored by 

THE DIVING LOCKER 
1020 GRAND AVENUE 

SAN DIEGO 92108 
272-1120 

.. -: \JS1~ 
THE ..A • Tapes 

Records 

customers 
TO: our RELEASES 

. The WherehOuse RICES ON ALL NEW 
FROM. LOW ER P 

EWPOLICY -
SUBJECT: N \ se double W pOLICY : ecia\ " neW re ea e double 

e our exciting NE sale at a very sp this "new re\eas 
ed to announc 'n be placed on m be sold at e pleas \ ase \p WI E h item W 

We ar h and every ne~ r:s ein our stores. ac 9 An other \ist price Beginnin~ ~~~~~ e:~ry mindu~~ it arrW 3 19 ' a 6.~)8Iist \p will he 3.1 . 
discount pr~c .. for at least 1 a" . 5 "u list Ip wm be . , 

t prlce . .. on a . ;]0 
discoun ble discount prl~e unt priced. 

"new release dou arably double dISCO 
Our . es will be camp· I 's like these : . :\ 19 

catef,Ofl buv brand new P d 319 NoW HabIts - . . 
k yOU can . Oaklan _ .. Vices Are 

So - this wee . OWER - Back tWhat Were Once l \ \.98 list) 6.39 
TOW ED~~~iE BROT}-l~~~o Late 'to s~oftow 
THE RISON - It S n Child - ,J . 
V AN M~CROF'fS - Unbar D '\ 19 
SEALS NGER - 3.\9 ATEFUL DEA -" BAH~~EST OF 'fHEB~~n - 3.19 \9 
'f. URPLE - \9 Feet - 3. DEEP P enclon - 3. . dap Your . 
MALO - MC your Hands. 98 list) - 5.·\9 .\ \9 
SLADE - Stom~EN - Todd (9~ A NeW Life _ .. ' 
TODD RUNL~UCKER BANDded _ :\.\9 " 

ARSHAL S unbOn . , '\ b ') \9 M ERS BRO . - S me Sing1n -.' . t Rat - ,J. ' 
CHAMNBEn'ELDON - o Tale of the Gllln 'l \9 
MAXI" TRE - . ners - .l· 
FIRESIGN 'fHE~R _ Saints ~ S~s _ 3. \9 

H NNY WiNT •. & Roll Anlm R'ver _ 3.\9 JO ED - ROC... E phrates I 3 \9 
LO\] RE REDIENT - u & Rest\ess - . . ' 
MAIN ING MER - Young 3 \9 
FLOYD CRARTON - Jolene~ ~ 'Go - 3.\9 For You - :tt9 LL Y P A Before 1 0 M "~iddle DO ER FLATT - H _ Playing y 319 
LEST OHN CREAC p.. EXPRESS - , . , 
PAPAJ O'f'f&THEL'd Boy _3.

19 98list ) _ 4.29 
'fOM sC _ Thun er ent - (1.. 9 

UMBLE pIE Enlil!;hten,:", erkeley - 3.\· ~cCOY 'fYNER t:.ast Bolero In ~ood _ 3.\9 
CAL TJADE~;-_ So DOggoneRivers - 3.19 'l19 

NNY S'fl1 ,Known T pes - .) . sO RTZ - I ve Missing a :\ 19 
GARY ~:AL LAMPOON That's A PlentY _.. . d' count prices" 
NATl ERSISTERS - lease double IS 
POIN'f . "neW re ne at our r t \p 

. and every 0 379 per 6.98 IS . 
Ip that we recel~e\9 per 5.98 list Ip - ... 

ther neW re\eas~ all the time - ... 
plus any? "new releases 

Rememoer . • 
SincerelY, 

n 'HEREHOUSE 
THE" 

Ii I~ 1~I~Ii() lJ S I~ 
A DMIIon Of 

INTEGRITY ENnRTAliw.ENT COM'. 

·Tapes Records • 
,aa.1C IDCH 
1414 Glmet Blvd. 

27~ 
SAl DIEM 

6335 EI CljOn Blvd. 
512·'725 

CAIUIAD 
Pllza Camino Rell 

J2N222 
CHUlA,VISTA 

485 Fifth Ave. 
422·9514 

ELWIN 
173 Fletcher 

Plilllf' , Trilon Timn, Mllirch 1, 1'71 



Basel.hlI Te8ID Prepares 
For Championship Season 

With their consistently 
Rood hitting, pitching and 
defense the baseball team iSl 
sure to do well this season . 
Coach Lyle Olsen, pleased 
with the progress of his 22 
players, is confident UCSD 
will take first place in the 

southern division of the 
league. 

This year the team has a 
S()'50 ratio of rookie and 
seasoned Tritons . In the 
outfield , Curtis Jenkin s, 
David Lattuca and Vince 
Allen are the valuable 

1M Playoff Schedule 
The following is a schedule, complete with times of 

all of the intramural basketball playoffs: 

Game No. 1 Independant (2nd) vs. Exxon (1st) March 9 
noon 
Game No. 2 Independant (3rd) vs. Chevron (1st) March 
9 noon 

veterans from last year. 
Other returning players not 
to be overlooked are pit-
chers Pete Yocky, Randy 
Miller, Bob Lofgren and first 
baseman Bill Goddard. In 
his first season with the 
team, fifth-year senior Dan 
Kilpatrick is noted to be of 
merit in both the infield and 
outfield. Gary Patton on the 
mound, Jeff Simon on third 
base, Fred Gribi at short-
stop, and Steve Shaw on 
second base are the hot 
shot freshmen to watch . 

NAJA Tourney 
Game No.3 Shell (2nd) vs. Texaco-(1st) March 10 1 
p.m. 
Game No. 4 76 (tst) vs. Gulf (1st) March 10 1 p.m. 
Game No. 5 Natural Gas (1st) VB. Hydroelectric (2nd) 
March 9 2 p.m. 

The schedule of games 
includes Point Loma, USI U, 
Asuza Pacific, Pomona and 
Biola. With plans to de-
throne USIU, the reigning 
national champions, Coach 
Olsen is optimistic his men 
will meet with the top team 
of northern California to vie 
for the state t itle in May. To 
start off this w inn ing streak, 
the Tritons . will be hosted 
by Pomona tomorrow for a 
double-header . 

Grapplers Perform Well 
Game No. 6 Coal Stove (l~t) vs. Candlelight (2nd) 
March 9 2 p.m. 
Game No.7 Hydro (1st) vs. Natural Gas (3rd) March 9 
3 p.m. 
Game No.8 Candlelight (1st) vs. Natural Gas (2nd) 
March 9 3 p.m. 
Game No. 9 San O-nofre (1st) vs. Boy Scouts (J st) 
March 9 4 p.m. 
Game No. 10 Brownout (1st) VS. San Onofre (2nd) 
March 10 4 p.m. 
Game No. 11 Arco (1st) vs. Winner Game No.. 1 March 
10 noon 
Game No. 12 Shell (1st) vs. Winner Game No.2 Maroh 
10 noon 
Game No. 13 Independant (1st) vs . Winner Game No.3 
March 10 1 p.m. 
Game No. 14 Independant (4th) vs. Winner Game No.4 
March 10 1 p.m. 

Announcements 
All students must 

renew or clear gym 
lockers by Friday, March 
22. Present your Spring 
Quarter ID cards at the 
equipment cage. The car~ 
need not be validated . 

A Tennis Extravaganza 
will be held on Tuesday 
April 2, at 5 p.m ., on th~ 
Muir Courts. Call Harry at 
ext. 2285 for details. 

The Reverse Time 
Machine is being readied 

for the Memorial Day 
weekend . The eyes of the 
nation will be upon usl 
Stay tuned for further 
details. 

Don't forget that this 
Neekend, Saturday to be 
'axact, brings the Second 
Quarterly Intramural and 
InterClub Tournament , 
sponsored by the San 
Diego and UCSD Karate 
Club!. , at 1 p.m. on the 
main gym floor. 

Gone Fishin.g ... 
(Deep in the mind of David Buchbinder, famous 

editor of the Triton Times) .. &X?';' "!? 1& harumph, these 
days you can't just get decent help. That stupid sports 
staff, I wish they'd go play baseball with a bottle of 
nitroglycerine or watch the AAU track meet in New 
York, and walk there and back . Take a look at the editor, 
sweet old' Eric, what a chump. Here I go, putting him in 
charge of an entire page all by himself and paying him a 
glossy salary, and what do I get, he has to leave town 
with the dang blasted whuppenslunger volleyball team . 
And as for the stupid Untitled Staff, what good are they 
when they vacation in Miami Beach checking out the 
"spring training". Well , I might as well tell the sports 
fans , the bad news. 

ANNOUNCEMENT, DUE TO LACK OF QUALIFIED 
HELP, THERE WILL BE NO SPORTS PAGE TUESDAY . For 
further information contact your friendly neighborhood 
sports editor, Eric . 

Specl.,1 Student "Discounted" 
Auto Insur.nce 

For Qualified Students 

Off.reeI Exclu,lYeIv In a.n 01"0 by 
Monte R. K.11ey In.u .. nc. Ag.ncy 

Drfv. by or <:e" tod.y for. ouotlltlon · Ph ..... 
Motcweyc .. l,.u .. nc. Tool 

COLLEGE STUDENT 
INSURANCE SERVICE 

_CoHeee I~C"'" It Mont .... mel 

DAY 

Set 

Tu .. 

Wed 

Thur 

Unbeknownst to all you 
sport fans out there UCSD 
hosted the NAIA district III 
qualifying meet for 
Wrestlers last Saturday. In 

Sports This Week 
SPORT OPPONENT L~AT1ON TIME 

Rugby I Loyole MuIr Fld 1pm 
Women' , Rutlrl CSUN Muir FId 2pm 
Rugby" Loyole Muir Fld 2:J11pm 

..... " USD O .. moncl Jpm 

Wom.n'.a ......... " Soutltw..um Meln gym 4pm 

Women' , T ....... loutltw..um Muir Cta 4pm 

Learn to Sk'y SQi I 
In live lun· 'e .. on • • lor only e«;.OO per 1.'lOn ... . nd 
applv them ~II. if yOU wl,h to the purcheN of your 
y.ry own Sky S.III 

Sky S.lIlng I, .. fa I It', ... yl lt', llmlly lunl I.e"n how 
- now - from quellfl.cI, pro .. nl01lll1 Inttructo .. 1 
Fr_Flight of Sen Diego i. the I .. ".tt Sky SII"ng 
,chooli" the County .. .. but .nrollm.nt I, IImitldi C.II 
nowl 

For mor. Inl_tlon on Am.rlce·, I •• t_llrowing .11 

Dial 297 -1218 Now! 
R.oI~1If Now lor YourWMk·End l.eMon 

F .... FI .. ht 01 Sen 0 1_ . P.O . • 0 .. 11722. a.n Dlello 
82115 

the team competition 
UCSD's grapplers finished 
in log jam with several 
other teams in and around 
5th to 8th pla.ce. 

I nd ivi dually severa l 
wrestlers did quite well. 
Ri c hard Salompessy 
finished second in the 118 
lb . weight class, losi ng only 
to an ex-all -american J. C. 
wrestler . Two other UCSD 
grapplers took fifth p laces . 
Leroy McNair in the 134 Ib 
d ivision and Don Jennings 
in the Unlimited class . 

On the season as a whole 
the team has been plagued 
by injuries and illness 
according to Coach Pat 

Pinkerton . Two of his most 
outstanding wrestlers, Allen 
Ota and Jose Cueto have 
been injured recently 
although they participated 
in most of the dual meets. 

In the dual meet part of 
the season the Triton 
Wrestlers came out with a 
3-2 record . 

Coach Pinkerton is also 
looking forward to next 
season as all but three of 
this year's wrestlers are 
freshmen and only two will 
not be returning next year. 
Sa lompessy, Ota and Cueto 
are all freshmen and are 
expected to be the nucleus 
of next year's team . 

BIIIIIIIiIIg ..... II 1liiy .. yau. 

"~"fIII'J .111. 
• -_1IIIiIi. 

....... 
_ ... 11 , 

SERVICE, SALES, LEASE 
OVERSEAS DELIVERY 

ContInental Motot s 
601 s. HII St. 

Oceanside 
722-8114 

I~' 
~ 
.. .. .. ~ 

- 1Ir1111U1 ... 1I1IIIIIIt 

, 
, Young Coocert 

Series 
FUming continued from pile 1 
office. . 

triton times continued from plge (, 
Robert Smith, director of Alumni and Development, 

stated that Murray Goodman, Revelle Provost, Ernest C. 
Mort, Dean of the college, and college business 
manager, Allan Blackstock, will deCide where the new 
money is to be diverted. Blackstock stated that the 
money "will be used for the benefit of the students and 
not for the exclusive use of the Revelle Provost " 

in the West and mid-West. 
EdUof In Chief 

David Buchbindet" New. o.lN"".'" Secreta,lAl A, . ..... , In addition, Mr . 
City Edito, Mary Howard 

CrelHIc.h Carol Phillips 
Bette Garrett 

Manilli,.. Editor Relma MarqueE 
Mlchlel Sesma linda Klnl 

Vicki Broach 
COpy Edit., IUln'tl Stoddard 

Camille C.u" 
Kathy Caxe 

obi"" 

Abramowitz has had an 
active chamber music 
career , performing with 
such groups as the Juilliard 
Ensembl e, the Aeolian 
Chamber Players , In-
teraction, and currently, the 
David Ensemble in New 
York and London. 

The funds will be put either in the Revellp VarlOIl< 
Donor's Account, or with the Revelle Colle!;c ~overn' 
ment If deposited with the later, students Will directly 
help determine where the monpy will be used . 

lamesC 50(,0 Chris Rauber Corky CICIS (d SiDlons 
luti"'" ~b,ulI.et" Rh:h Pool Mlh Thomls 

RueH,nton Roberta R.hm Peace Corps Drive 
Hollv HIUM1.nn 

Editorial Dir«tof James C SolO 
MlfltMcCartv 

Arts Eclitor 
Llrrv Decltel 

-_ ..... , 
Sportt 1_ 

Eric R,isters 
Tom Piliram 

science'." lohn Snodl.a .. 
'h.' ........ ' 1_ 

Malcolm Sm rth 
,.......-

Betlev "rueter 
Secret." Ed Simons 

CorrlneClcas Cloria Sio mimoid 
Peter CilU, 

A"Gela" Cit, lditon 
RkkDrom 

KIothv Keunzl 

Hannah Cohen 
Copy ........ 

John lIvlor 
Ma,i,. Puente 

Ant, .Uli ..... M ...... r 
-.Mojonoph 

Debbie Pe ,lus, 

AItI 0. ......... 
K.,.n Molamud 
Rue Hinton 
Cha,les Hyde: 
Oon MAker 
Diane Case 
Cr" Leonard 
Mln<!y Scott 
DIItene Hicks 
I""Shlpman 
s.omo. ..... _t 
Marl< Lhh 
Trlcy 8enolucci 
KI,k Robinson 

...... O ........... t 

lee .cruse 
Donnl y,m.moto 
R.mon Rull 
Bill Wilson 

Mr. Abramowitz' studies 
were with Luigi Silva , 
Bernard Greenhouse, and 
Leonard Rose at the 
Juilliard School . He 
received both hi s 
Bacherlor's and Master's 
degrees from Juilliard. 

Mr. Abramowitz' cello 
was made by Carlo Fer-
dinando Landolfi in 1755, 
and was purchased from a 
dealer in Switzerland . 

continued from page 2 
memorization of fact . 

Outside the classroom, 
Volunteers also participate 
i n community develop-
ment, adult educat ion, 
recreation and other extra-
curricular activities . "I n the 
Peace Corps or VISTA", 
noted Coleman, "you just 
don't teach in a com-
munity, you live there." 

Emphasizing the prac-
tical side of the Peace Corps 
teaching ex perie n ce , 
Coleman said that Peace 

Tht TaITO," JlMIS .. ollk''', ncopIn<I a •• It_, _spa .... ~, tho c ... · 
rnu"ic.U_ -.-HI of tIM uniwnity .f ca ....... , Sa .. OIeio, ItNWIrta 2,., W.m-.. 
(,,"pu', u fol., C ....... I .. "17. ,.Wk.au... I, twice __ I, OIl T ....... '. ' ,-

The concert will be held 
in Revelle Cafeteria at 8:30 
p.m. General admission is 
$2.00. U.C.S .D. students, 
free. 

Corps educators help 
students relate their 
classroom knowledge to the 
local environment, making 
their education more 
relevant and useful. 

friday • • OftiCH .. lout ..... aOCNll 117, ..... e H.II, ...... C ....... fOf •• et1 ..... 
phont 4S,..711,'" U3'-. X '.'7; 10. "torial ... _ ~ 110n. 

The hunt is ·_over. 

In 1974, Co leman is 
pointing to increasing 
numbers of Volunteer 

. The fun begins at our 
GRAND OPENING! 

The Fox is here. 
Right in La Jolla at Streicher's 

The Fox's Gallery is created for the "Contemporary . 
Woman." The sophisticated gal who's a step ahead With 
super taste in fashion. At the FOX we try to ~ ahead of. the 
pack in bringing you super looks. We're opening our !hlrd 
Fox's Gallery in the heart of La Jolla's fashion row. ~our 
"hunting all-over-everywhere" is over, and the excitement 

, of the catch is at your fingertips. 

Now you can express your individuality in 
clothing the way you always wanted. Come in 
today and meet our manager Claudia Kaine. Let 
her personally assist you in putting it all 
together. 

Happy hunting at the FOX. 

CLAUDIA KAINE 

SUPER FASHIONS FOR 
THE "CONTEMPORARY WOMAN" 

at Streicher'S 7837 Girard Ave. La Jolla 
ALSO AT MISSION VALLEY CENTER & GROSSMONT CENTER 

req ues ts for overseas 
projects dealing with env-
i ronm ent al problems . 
"V olunteer s with 
math/sc ience backgrounds 
are now at work in 40 Peace 
Corps countries as par-
tici pants in cooperative 
environmental projects 
developed by the host 
governments and sponsored 
by the Smithsonian In· 
sti tution and Peace Corps," 
Coleman reported . He 
explained that these in· 
dividual assignments in 
natural resource con-
servation and ecological 
research provide op-
portunities for field work, 
teaching and ad· 
ministration . 

Coleman and Byrnes urge 
appl ications duri ng the 
three days at UCSD from 
seniors and graduate 
students interested in Peace 
Corps and V 1ST A projects 
which are scheduled to 
begin training in June, July 
and August. 

Representing ACTION, 
the federal voluntary 
service agency which 
merged the Peace Corps 
and VISTA in 1971 , 
Coleman an'd Byrnes said 
that Peace Corps provides 
Volunteers with travel 
opportunities, ample in-
country living allowances, 
48 days paid vacation, plus 
a readjustment sum of 
$2 ,000 following com-
pletion of the two year 
overseas assignment. VISTA 
Volunteers receiving living 
allowances , t ravel ex-
penses, medical care and an 
added monthly stipend of 
$50 during their one year of 
service within low-income 
communities throughout 
the United States . 

During a si milar 
Volunteer drive in October, 
a total of 21 Peace Corps 
and VISTA applications 
from the UCSD campus 
were recorded. 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

2259 Avenida de 
la Playa 

Phone: 459-3465 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meats, 

Wine & Beer 

IMPROVE ynur 
ABILInES thru 

HY~NOSIS 
DICK "AKOW 

Bus Line 
continued from page '1 
on the bus. 

The manager would 
probably be paid about 
$3 .50/ hr. for up to 19 
hours per week. Anyone 
interested in this position 
should contact Student 

Fmnlr"'~~-t here on 
campus. 

Due to a Public Utility 
Commission restriction , a 
charter operator, like 
Aztec Bus Co, can ' t 
collect cash from 
customers. Thus monthly 
passes, good for unlimited 
riders , and "one-ride 
tickets" would probably 
be sold on campus. Th,e 
proposal assumes that 100 
staff and 200 students 
would be served by each 
bus. 

Additional income to 
subsidize operation is 
expected to come from 
advertizing which will be 
sold in and on the buses. 
This may be a con-
siderable amount of in· 
come . The Bug Line, 
which runs buses to San 
Diego State, now receives 
about $1,000 per bus, per 
month from ad income. 

The exact routes for the 
buses have not yet been 
olanned. nor have times. 
if this proposal is ap-
proved by the Vice 
chancellor of Business and 
Finance, Herman Johnson, 
service could begin the 
week before or the week 
after finals . 
continued from page b 

For i nformation con-
cerning the quilting 
workshop or Gallery 8, call 
453·2000 ext. 1942 or visit 
the Gallery in the In· 
ternational Center . Classes 
are limited to 20, and begin 
soon. 

Sophistry 
continued from plge 5 
milligrams of perspicaity 
wasn 't mesmerized by this 
typical socialist sophistry in 
an attempt to muddy the 
waters and obfuscate the 
REAL issue. The crux of the 
affair and the question 
which really needs to be 
answered is why did she 
falsify her address? Was she 
ashamed to give public 
notice of her residence in a 
tenement, ghetto or slum 
area? Well , if so, she missed 
her chance to champion her 
cause as a real "people's" 
candidate . Was she 
ashamed to I ist her 
residence as a plush 
condomi nium in suburbia? 
Here again she might have 
used this to her advantage 
as a candidate who has 
denoun ced all the 
" capitalistic materialism" 
Or did he fals ify her 
residence beca use she 
actually didn't qualify as a 
candidate in that district 
and hence was defrauding 
the public, ie, "the people"? 
For any reason, ipso facto 
of her filling false can-
didacy papers he has 
I inked her elf to the very 
conglomerate of officials 
whom he is denouncing 
because !he also lied "to 
the peopl,>" . 

Yes, Salm dar, there IS a 
'Watergate' in San Diego-
and you are 11. Only this 
time, it was averted before 
bei"" t::I L Ii tv \,);;;1..". 
Even if I had sympathetic 
leanings toward your cause, 
I wouldn't consider voti ng 
for you as your credibili ty is 
a aby mal as everyone 
else's 

Douglas A Hltcshew 

PaRe 11 Triton TilMs, Mlrch 1, 1'71 



~-------+-------------"""",------announcements ---~ 
friday 

11t ANNUAL SWAP l1ElT FOR 
AND .'EI'II. SURF 

SKI SWA,. MEET l1ME: 12 
to Ipm DAY: Meloh 11t Frt 

Ree. Rm In _ nm b .... 
wIIe" .. r YOU _nt to .... ,n 

• urflnl .nd .kllnl. Thl. I. 
ap-.d by tile UCSD Surf .nd 

Ciulla .nd Info. .... t8d to tile 
CIIn ba _kid .t the IWIP 
13/11 

saturday 
". Sat. .nd Sun.. M.r 2ft3 the 
T.,.y ,.,_ Ollder Meet win be 
held .t tile II/derport nut to Salk. 
Adm .... on 1Oc. 13111 

DON'T MISS THE FIRST PER· 
FORMANCE Of STAINED OLAl8. 
SAT. MARCH Z. AT THE FIVE 
AND DIME ON MUIR. 13/11 

sunday 

Sun IMar 31 WorahIp a.v.o. at 
UnIvenIty Lutheran Church. _ 
La Jolla IIIoNa Dr. at NINth 
T~ PI_ Rd: R_n CatholIc 
M_ata:a .. m. andl:GDlI.m .• Fr. 
I.rnl. Campb.lI. "rot .. tant 
Communion It 10:OIh.m. Barmon: 
"H_ to lurvtve In tha Wi .... • 
_:. by Campu. Plltor John 
Huber. 

monday 
MONDAY NIGHT MOVIE; 
"STOLEN KI88E8" DIRECTED IY 
FRANCOII TRUFFAUT MON. 
MARCH ·.1pm MUIR I.nd DIME 
13/11 

general 
NA110NAL CASH REOIITER·. 
computer dMalon wlH be In-
terviewing ItUdentI with • BA or 
MA In M.tllematlca .nd Corn-
puter Science on Wed. M.rch I. 
Further Info .nd appolnta _ the 
Ca_ Pllnnlng UbFIfY. IDII 
HftSS. 13111 

BICYClE ClUB will hfte .n _y Th. U.S . ATOMIC ENE ROY 
• mile ride up tile c-,.nd beck COMMI88ION will be holding 
on lun. Mar 3. Ride ItIrtI at 10 IntarYhtwI on CIImpu. Fri. Mar I . 
AM In RIIIIIII Ptua. Food Itop In Looklnl for BSIMS In 

MeehlnlClil. Electrical. or Nuc ..... 
Cerllbad. EYII'Y_ "'nvtted. 13111 , Engineering; MS In Rldloloelcal 
There will be .n .'~day IIttlering 
.t .... P.rk thIa Sun. Mar 3. to 
IHO*t tile treatment of I.,.." 
POW'. In Syria from 1:00 .m til 
7:GO pm. It the comer of Ith .nd 
Juniper. AM YISROEL CHAI. 13/11 

Sun. Mar3Ton/eht on KIDT there 
will be _ live mullc by Scott 
O"lory. • 10c.1 .'nler .nd 
• onewrtter. Tuna your redlo to 140 
AM or ... CAFM .t 7:00 tN. IV'. 
13/11 

Ph.,.,CI; lloa1t1_ In _rch .nd 
d.v.'opm.nt. Appoint. .nd 
further Info at tile C.rMr P"nnlng 
Llbnery. rm 1D33. Muir HIS IZDI 
13111 

Mu.lc with the " D.T: . " f .. turlng 
lloyd Thacker & Mlk. D .... y Five 
& Dim. Frl Feb ZI 'pm frH 13/11 
A 'Plcl., Sclano. Clinic will be 
hald IIch S.t for thoaa etucl.nta 
pllnnlng to tlk. the MCAT. Bldg 
2B. Rm 11m. 2p.m. 13/111 

DEPARTMENT OF LITERATURE 
LECTURE Mr. DavId Erdman. 

P~ of E ...... at SUNY. 
Stony Brook. N. Y. wII talk on 
..... k. In and Out of hie Perlahlng 
,ody" on Mon. Mar 11 from 3:00 
to 1:00 p.m. In tile R""'1e Formal 
Lou",," Every_ Invttad to .t. 
tend. 13111 

FRI. MAR I. 1174. I. .. PM: ThIe Fri 
ev. three of THE AMERICAN 
FIELD SERVICE IAFlI ItUdanta 
who.re ..,. In San D",o for _ 
Yllr atudyintl In tha local hllh 
achooia. TheM ItucIantI from 
.razli. Afrtca (Ghanal. .nd N_ 
z .... nd win ahare with YOU thalr 
culturaa .nd Impreaal_ of tile 
Unlt.d Stat... R.fr .. hm.nt • . 
13111 

Communlcatl_. TeehnoiOlY. 
• nd IdaoIOIY. tile Third Col .... 
Communlc.tlon. D.p.rtm.nt 
lectura ..... contl_ with 
Pater C. Goidmark M.rch • at • 
pm Bid.. 2D Rm. DIll. Dr. 
Goidmark wlH ba IPIIklntl .bout 
"The N_ Runel Society." 13111 

The Dept of Hlltory will ~ 
the fttm "Mem-" . Pudovkln·. 
knock·out number of tile R ...... n 
Revolution of 1 ... The atory of • 
mother who b.com.. • 
revolutl_ry .fter her huaband 
.nd ._ .re .rrwtad . Thurl. Mar 
7th.t7 p.m. In Room 2D DIll. F,.. 
13111 
A TIME FOR WOMEN to come 
tog.thar or elone to tllk .bout 
common or individual problem •. 
id.... or i .. u.. with wom.n 
coun .. 'o,. .nd .tlff. Every Tu •. 
from 1:30 · 3:30 P.M. Cornar Offlca. 
RIV.'" Com mona. IEII 

ATTENTION PRE·MEDSI 
MCAT MEEl1NG thl. Wed In USC 
3Cm).t I:GO p.m. Anyon. planning 
to take thl MCAT I. Invltld to 
Plrtlclpata In th .. c ..... 13/111 

, advertisements for ourselves 
for sale 

CAN YA DIG In SUPER FILM 
BUYS THE WHOLE MONTH OF 
MARCHI TX1520 lie EA CX15 
I2D .1.21 EA EH1520 ., .• EA ALL 
YA NEED IS A STUDENT 1.0 . 
CHECK WITH US FOR STUDENT 
SPECIALS ON ALL PHOTO 
NEEDS. TRECK PHOTOGRAPHIC 
NC. B3 CAUFORNIA STREET 
CORNER OF VINEI 1P3111 

WETSUIT; Body Glov. full .ult In 
xcelt condo t30 or beat off. 412· 
1m 13/61 

FOR TRADE . '70 Hond. ClAIiO 
DOHC w / hlldara for good cond 
dirt bike or 1 call John .....,., 
ev.13/61 

Rafrld . 5 cu.ft. Phllco with 
cu.tom Mlddl. Am.rlcan Pure 
Whit. Porcelain Flnl.h. Chuck 413-
.. • . 0013111 

For Sal. '.1 F.'con run • • look. Ilk. 
Leaving the country muet .. II. hall .110. ___ 13161 
tc;hevrolet .tltlon w'lon. Good 
condo t2DO or off. 7Ii .02 1P3/11 
'n Y.maha 110. cullom _t 
hand" berl. f_.y PIP. . " 
fmy . • xt. 1700 mi •• 1100 or blat off. 
JOI -"'43 1ft I . 13111 
RCA color TV • .71 P.",.onlc 

FOR SALE . tlk. over paym.nta 
MOB·GT 71. xcelt conet OWl ..., 
13111 

PUPPIES: Gold.n & L.b 
Ratrievan M .... F,.. 27~1I1 
13111 · 

.olld ItItI .tareo record play.r For Sal.: I Sony TC-122 _ . deck. 

.nd redlo tal. '1Ii5-8I02 1P3111 No Dolby Lilt .120 Sell for ... 

FOR SALE: BSR 400 Turntab" Girl. Schwinn 10· .p .. d blk. 
with duetcovar. G . C.II m.7D taI.OO. Cat Kennal • . 00 C.thy .... 
.ft .:00 PM. 13111 .. 13111 

Good cond 'U Ford ~ ton PU lIk.naw .Iumlnum chi'" loung. 
w / campar IhaII & hitch. carpeted. with pad . • 11 or beet off. 412·1231 
.7II/off. 412.0701. 13111 13111 

412-4174: Edelbrock hllhrIH. 110 
dual llna Hollay. M.llory Ignition 
14 lode CAMI. 13/61 

BOSE 101 Dlrecr/R.flectlng 
SPllkar Sy.tem. Writ. John 
Maxw.lI. 6110 Winthrop St. SD. 
12117 13/61 

1 .. GMC TRUCK. 1·' ON 311 V-8. 
EXCELL FOR CAMF ER "'.00 
DAN 7I5-I02D 13111 

1 ... Clmero RS.:r:n lutO.. exc. 
cond.. good powar out no g •• 
hog. Mu.t .elil PrltJot1 m ~ 
(3 /51 
Onllll·. LONGJOHNS Ig. X·cond. 
• 39/off.r. c.1I Bill 71.6-7906 (3/61 
AKC SPRINGER SPA "ElL. FEM 3 
month • • champion IIr .... how or 
bread. 4&2·12118 (3/61 

.. 

P.n •• onlc rlCord/c .... tt •• ound 
• y.t.m. lIk. new. Mlny Dyl.n. 
StOnel. etc .Ibum.. Ed 273-ZIR 
13/61 

DEE,. PURPLE TICKETS FOR 
SALE. SAN DIEGO APRIL. CALL 
JEFF .. ,.. 13111 

7'0 IL·1OO. lood condo good tF8M. 
~111 1ft. ... PM. 13111 

personal 
YOU SIMPLY OVERWHELM ME ... 
UNFORTUNATELY THERE WERE 
TOO MANY PERSONALS FOR 
THIS ISSUE ... WILL BE IN NEXT 
ISSUE .. . CORKY 13111 

Debbl. K.: MlY .11 your wild'" 
blrthd.y wl.h •• com. true tod.y .. 
Happy 20th Lovi L1 . 13/11 

LII M .. OId: H-r!'v 20th birthday end 
mlY your pock.tt b. full of lI.uf. 
Ara you r.ally g.ttlng b.tt.r110ve 
r.t. 13/11 

PROF. HALPERN: Eith" I pe .. 
your gam. of physic. or your kid 
flunk. the 111m. of IIf • . (3/11 
Thos. Int"Hted In Equlcon 74 
(Star Trak Conv.ntlonl: the flye,. 
h.v. arriv.dl AI.o. n_ Info. 4&2. 
8135. L· 1. 13/11 

SHARON .. 1t took thr.. wHk •• 
but it w.. w.1I worth the w.it. 
Thenkl for the .. k ...... nd don't be 
embera .. ed. 13/11 

HIPPY 24th Birthd.y. Numoro 
Uno. From lUI. Ann,. Sp.ceyand 
Olin •• (3/11 

JR·HIPpy 20th to you end your 
ilia. From Sir Thom .. 13/11 

ESPECIAllY for Joe .nd Mlk.: I 
.m • SHE. Signed God 13/11 

Thunder Thighs . A bottl. of 
Equlp.g. on your tw.ntl.th. 
Horaci 13/11 

H.ppy 11th. Space Cowboy. Lov • • 
Mom 13/11 
L RK: H.ppy Belated Birthday. 
" I'm raally not Ilk. th .... But I lov. 
you madly .... Surry. 13/11 

D.bbl. H.ppy 20th blrthd.y Hint 
to where your pFllHnt II It'. on 
John. Lov. Your Rooml. Snip 
Snip. 13/11 

To tha IIddo __ y 1IIhey., In 
11 .. H.ppy Blrthd.y Sw.atl . .. 
From tha Klda. 13/11 

Wilber the FlyIng Plnguln mak. 
• .urprl.. .ppaanenc. on "The 
Record Sh_". Join Rick .nd 
Larry 1-10 ' .m. Monday on KSDT. 
13/11 

wanted 
Need bottom g .... container for 
electric drip PlF'Culltor. Oot _ 
you don't Ulan -"747 (3111 
WANTED: Ulld w.ffl.lron. 
chllp. call ...... 13111 

I NEED A RIDE to Santi Barbane 
LIlY. Frl .. return Sun. Pi .... call 
Su.'e. 463-3&e9. ev". 13111 

DESPERATE- Need rid. to 
Pe .. den. or ar ••• Fri. Feb. 29. Will 
help with g ... tc. <lfi4..1747 13/11 

WANTED TO BUY: Short w.v. 
radio. cln SUlln 753-1342 or Illv. 
mllg. at Mu.lc Dlpt (3111 

Ride down B.I. or Mexico . 
Cemplng d •• inebl.. Sh.re ex· 
p.n.... .nthu"llm .tc. 412· 
1278 13/51 

WANTED BABYSITIER· MWF for 
on. hour. C.II 422-2474 .. k for 
Dom. Prefar .tud.nt on c.mpu • . 
(3/51 
Pianl.t w/moveab" alec. pl.no 
w.nta otherl for j.lI·orl.nted 
blu .... tandarda. 7I5.f1IO 13111 

Biochem/atry by lahnlng" .110 
Exp.rlm.nt.1 Method. In 
Blochemiltry by R.ndin. lou zn. 
0312 13/51 

WANTED: CHICANOS. to form 
D._ Group. MEET: IntarnItIoneI 
CtrT-. Merllh ·1:00 P.M. INFO: 
Ed Tafoya . lilt. 1111 1l1li 

TWO PRE·LAW •• otlon. of 
UtlE,... 10 laaotI_ I ft II wiN ba 
offeNd In ItHtntl Qtr. .... 
mainly devoted to prllMllMlon for 
tile WRmNG part of tile lBAT • 
though the other -uo. wi. 
• Iao be c-.d. In .ddltlon 
m.denta will wrtea aavaraI very 
Ihort PIPIfI. Enrollment FllQUlraa 
.~I of tha lItIEntI 10 offIca.. 
13111 

A Public lacture. IPONOFIId by 
tile ChI_ ltud/aa Proerem .nd 
ThIrd Collega. on Thura. Mar 7. 
1:00 pm. ~ US BId8. IPllk., 
wlH be DR. PEI·CHIH HSIEH. 
A_lata DIFIIOtor. CENTRE for 
ASIAN STUDIES. McGill UnIv .• 
c.nadII. Fraa .nd open. 13111 
Chlcllno Studlal .nd ThIrd Wortd 
Stud ... Protre_ wiN praaant tile 
_.rd winning film "LUCIA" 
which Praaant ttv.. hlltorlcal 
parloda during Cuba'. 1trU .... for 
lIbaretIon .nd tile participation of 
Cuban woman In that fleht. on 
THURS. MAR 7. 2m US. 
IRavellal. Adrnllllon .1.00. The 
public Ie InvItId. 13111 

ThIrd Collage Feeulty .nd StaH 
MIItI,.. wiN be haId Wed. Mar 13. 
1174. at...., p.m. In Conf. Rm. A .• 
B..... 111 MC 12/2111 (3111 
The STATE OF CALIF. PER· 
SONNEl BOARD wi. be In-
tarviewlntI at UCSO two de" .. 
Thurl and Fri. March 7 .nd '. 
Looklntl for ItUdentI wtth BA In 
liberal artlllOClel IC'- to 
become Junior Staff A",/yIta. 
Thle Ie .n entry • .."., poaItIon 
laadlntl to • carMr In ItIti _. 
vice. Appolnta .nd further Info .t 
tha Ce,.., Plannlntl Ubrery. rm 
1D33. Muir HIS IZDI 13111 

. 

services 
Incom. till MrVlc •. dlacount for 
atud.nu. ltaff or faculty. 7II-8Z2I 
.ttar 2. I PI Ell 

PIANO L~SSONS . JUILllARD 
trained. IXp. t.echer. BIfI .Adv. 
Mu.'c fundamental. taught In • 
w,y that will ch.lleng. .nd 
dev.lop your crlltlvfty. C.II m. 
4a (Pl/61 

PRE· MEDS: CALL FOR SPACE AT 
FREE MCATS .. mlnar·_ h_ 
you'd do on tha MCAT. 412·1. or 
412·1001. 13111 

Thera are 140 form. Ithe State 
Incom. tax return fonn.1 IVIII It 
EDNA for thole who wIIh to flla 
for tax rwturna DR for the rantar'. 
credit of ta.OO. TheM forma CIIn 
be picked up at .ny tlma In the 
brochure 1tInd. 13111 

TYPIST: Flit. 4Ic ....... call .... 
I27Z 13111 

1: Clertnet '--. IIllavail. 411-
2317. or Iv. ~. for Roberto 
Lenart UCSD MueIc: Dept. IX· 
.s1. 13111 

N.... IOmaona to tek. cane of 
your houaa. .pt. thIa IUmmar. 
Raaponalble graduate .v.lI. OaoH 
.t ,...,.. 13111 

Incom. tax MrVlc •• dlecount for 
Itudneta •• tIff or f.culty. lII-I22II 
after Z. IPlEll 

JOIN THE TRANE HOME 
COMFORT CORPS Hou,. 
d.'gnad for Stud.nta T.'ephon. 
or Foot C.nv".'ng. St.rtlng tl.lO 
par hr & Bonu.... On the Job 
Training Neer NAS Miramar c.n 
for Appt. Bill By.,. !lei-1414 & 487· 
7110 13111 

F •• Ung tlred7 Klndaklnky7 He. 
.tudyl ntI got you tied up In knott1 
work It out with e ma .. aur. rat .. 
nlgotl.bl • . 413.,. 13/11 

TENNIS LESSONS: guarantHd. 
p.y only If .atlafl.d. Stud.nt 
ret.. . St.v. B .... tt 41' ·3711 
(P3/121 

TYPING · MARILYN would Mk. to 
type your PlPlr. thMI •• atc. Sh. II 
.. parl.nc.d on .11 typ .. of 
paparl. '.t. r_lII •• nd hal 
In 11M. Clelremont "" . ...... 
call her .t . ·7010 (P3 /11 

UCID Art ...., ............ 
FonnuIItIoI.... 1oIIIptu,. by .. 
Horowitz. Feb 21 • MInIh .. 
HOUri .... Iy 12 .. end ~10 pm on 
Wid -. Oe/Iary "'-tad In 1 • 
H L •• Revelle Carnpua. II1II 
MUIR SENIOR I pl.nnlnl to 
lredu.ta Spring Quarter contact 
Muir ProvOlt Offlc.1t onc .. 13/111 

R.pr ... nt.tlv.. from the 
foltowlnl GrIInlutl_ will be 
conducting Interv.... on Fri. 
March 1. DAMES ft MOORE. an 
environmental coneern. looklnl 
for.1I .... _ In M.rlna Bioloey. 
Oc •• n Enllneerlnl. Co .. t.1 
Engl-'",. Ocaanoerephy for 

~ch POlhl_ . • URROUGHI 
CORP. lPennayfvllllal .. looklnl 
for BA. MA. In Computer 
Scl.nc.. Enlln • .,'n. with 
computar ICianca for poe hl_ In 
r_arch .nd dlVa/opm.nt. Ap-
paint and furtller Info .t tha 
Car.., Plannlntl Ubrarv. rm IOD. 
Muir HSS 1201. 13/11 

TWO DIVISIONS FROM 
BURROUGHS CORPORAl1ON 
will be conducting , ....... -.-. on 
THURS. MIr. 7. Ita M.rkedng 
Dlvl.lon would Ilk. to ••• 
.tudantI wfth .AI .nd MAl In 
Computer Icl.nc.. M.th. 
Englnaarlntl. or other tMhillcai 
dl.clplln.. Und.ratandlng of 
ICCOUntintl prlnet..... required. 
For M.,k.tlnl M.n'l.m.nt 
Trelnaa. The Computer Dlvlelon .. 
__ Ing candida ... with .I/MS 
In Information .nd CompUting 
ScIenCIIa for proenemmlntl .nd 
.nelnearlng poa/t/_. Appolnta 
.nd further Info .t tile Ca,.., 
Planning lIbrery. rm ..:13. Muir 
HSS IZDI 13111 
The Triton W.,..mlng Society 
m .... thIa and .".,.., Thuradlly In. 
MC I_r the poI/oa ltatIonl from 
I till ? W. play 8&T. AH. IPI • • nd 
our own .am... N.wcom.,. 
weIcom •• IE11 

hoosing 
M.tura f.m atudant w.nted to 
.hara Ifill home .. Clalramont. 
Own BR. "/mo & utll m.-
IP3lll 

F with claealcal plano treI .... 
w.nta to .hlre with muelolellCII 
Into rock. Jazz. bIu ... P ..... 
C.rdlff or n_by. C.II Mara/d ... 
21000. x·Z217 wkda"; m._ 
_13/11 

M.. rmmta naadad. 2BR apt. 
CI_to campua. bua. _/mo. utli 
Incl Stave .1. 13111 

RM AVAIL I~ DM. FANTASTIC 
LOC. ON 12TH ST. CLIFF 
OVERLOOKINO OCEAN. OWN 
RM ... lIa-IIII l1li1 

AMES FILM .RIES • WINTER 
QUARTER 111741 ZIt FE.. TUR· 
'ULENCE IZI mln.11 MAR. X·RAY 
SPECTROSCOPY • tile lna/da 
Story IZI min.I ,.LACE: 11M 71IM 
UH l1ME: 12:00 . UIO DAY: TUES. 
13111 

Sax Clinic. Wid . • ft :J.6pm 
Cou"-'_ OffIce lnaxt 
ProvOit Offlc.' xm-.. t;oUIIIIIUngl 
concerned with .. xu.' prO'Dllm • 
Judy Jorgenlln M.D. & 
P.t .. Ph.D. IE11 

VISTA.nd tile PEACE CORPI will 
ba recruiting for voIu ...... from 
Mon to Wid. March 4 to I In tile 
R..,.,.. Informal Lou ..... Would 
Hk. to _ ItUdanta fnIm .ny 
malor. .ny ....,.. becklround. 
No .ppoInta.,. ~ry. 13111 

Poaltlon IVlllable .. Teac ..... . 
N.tu .... 1It In Ou __ Eduoltlon 
Prognem; part·tlme; Santa Cruz 
County 10ffIca of EduOltlonI; TC 
prafwrad but not raqulrad. need 
IIIPIrIenca In teachlntl natu .... 
.cl.nc.. .nd con •• rv.tlon 
aducet/on. Mora Info It tile ear-
Plennlntl Ubnery • ..:13 H&IS. IJIII 

"VIaueI ArtI: Traneformatt.. In 
tile Avant·Garda from 1 .. 1174" 
A ..... of 1aGtu,.. by .rt orhIc 
.nd R........ laoturw. Robart 
Hughie. Ipm In the Hurnan/tlaa 
library AucItorIum. Feb 20. Feb •• 
M.rch 4. and March 11. Ipon. 
aored by tile Vlaual Artl Dapert. 
mant. UCID. Fraa ft open to tile 
PUblic. C311Z1 

The M.tfl.PhYIIca Clinic. room 
1132 Bid.. ZA. can help YOU 
prap.,. •• rly for fln.'. .nd 
prectlce doing problem.. The 
tutora In the clinic apeclallz. In 
I_·dlvlllon math .nd phyIfca 
c'-. Come In .ny tlma Ithat ... 
M·Th 12 ... nd 7·10 P.M .. Fri 1 .. 
P.M . • nd Sun 7·10 P.M.I. 11/11 

WANTED 1M or 1 F to .hare _ 
condo 2 ml ... from UCID. _n 
room . • 100 .. utll. Z7I-l11Z 13111 

lost & found 
HIV. you loat your COlt. book •• 
notabooka or kayal Check .t tile 
Clu.t., Und.rlneduat. Library 
Ioet .nd found lit the circulation 
daakI. 13111 

REWARD: _ doa.t. American 
'or Info ...... ng to ratum of yaI/GW 
L .. _ 1O-apald. etolen from my 
VW van on N. TOIftY' fttnea. 
VaIantI_ Day 'ruOl 18Z~ 
13111 

Bracelat with XOCHm on h 
found 0UtIIda Ravella atora 2 .... 
Claim In TI offIca. (3111 

Female Rmmt. for U. Vi .... Apt. M.ry Rottman: your _. -. card 
SPI. Otr . ... & alae........ .nd Itudant ID.nd other aaaortad 
13111 carda are at tile TT. (1111 

L J Vi ..... apt. to ..... for March 
lor part of MarchI .. & utll.· 
0144. 

HOUSE FOR RENT UNIV CfTY 
tz7I 2 yr. old :IIR ZBA Zcar ear 
bitt", opta dF1ll rafrtg fncd .. 
"13/11 

Rmmta FMIded to"'" 1 br.pt In 
P. xlnt loc pool _ mo. ph m. 
1732 aft lipm Andy E. 13111 

Mel. rrnmt. w.nted for Spring 
qtr .•• hundred yerd. from b_ch 
In D.I Mer. " .71 166·Z2IO 13111 

Loat: One IIIht IrIY w_n·. coet 
Iwool. _ liver butt_I Loat 
Thu.... Feb. J2. Cell ..... 

R~I l1li1 

FOUND: One III of klYllZl IookI 
Ilk. they rnIeht ba car kaya. CMaII 
wtth tile PoIIoa Dept. Loet and 
Found 11111 

BUI l1CKETI ON UCSD CAM· 
.. US O,.yhound. Amerlp .... 
Maxloo SIW TRAVEL OFFICE C. 
_1P31111 

F Rmm.t. need.d for ha • . In U 
beach OW"" .m. rm ...... .,0 BOOK YOUR IPRING RESER. 
13111 VAl10NS WITH SAM HOUlE of 

TRAVEL ..... . NO CHAROEI 
ALL SPRING quarter In D., Mar IP3lll1 
.140. Romm.ta naadad to .hare EUROPE. ISRAEL.AFRICA. 
bdrm In 2 bdrm .pt. -.1741 aft. Student fIIlhta .11 year round. 
P.M. 13111 CONTACT: ISCA ... Unlvaralty 

Av • . #:11 San DI.go. C.llf. 12111 
FEM naacIad for .Pt. DII Mar Tel: 17141 217.3010. 12131 __ 
Own rm. _ ft utli. -...z. -. 1P3/111 
7371 AlII for Myrna. Kathy. 13111 

Rmmt. w.nt.d: 0.11 411·1211 
mornga before ... or .... ~ or 
X1OI1 Ilk for Mark l1li1 

Room.t. w.nt.d· own room 
tIZIm. In I bdrm ...... CImtt. Call 
JI", or Ed It 277·" (JIlt 

P_ FMIded to .... 2 141nn. 
Apt In 101 ._h I Own rm .,. & 
utll./RIchIIrd: ""14 

SSW TRAVEL OFFICE ON 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS In 
"matlonal Canter 4152.... 10 
12am d.lly. 21pm MWF. Charteo 
flllhta. Int'l ID c.,.. Euralt. 
Tllpplng. Oreyhound. PIA. alFIrM 
tickltl & ate. 11"2% 1., 
FIIlhta Y_ Round Europa. AlIa 
.. ,.... Contact: ISTC. 18 N 
.everty ~.. hvarty ..... C. 
IDZ10 Ph (2131 .... (,.. 


