
Controversy Over Appointments 

Measure Would Shorten UC Regent's Terms 
by Chris RJuber 

An amended form of ACA 83, a bill 
which would change the appointment 
process and the length of terms of 
regents of the University of California, is 
scheduled to be heard in April in the 
Assembly Education Committee. 

The present bill is a modification of a 
previous proposal by Democratic' 
Assemblyman John Vasconcellos . The 
original version would have cut the 
length of regents' terms from sixteen 
years to eight years. It provided for a 
four-year transition period during which 
the change-over would take place. It also 
required the governor to choose regents 
from a list of nominees submitted by a 

select committee made up of Speaker of 
the Assembly, the Senate president pro-
tem, the leaders of the opposition in both 
houses, the state superintendent of 
public instruction, the chairman of the 
Board of Regents and one representative 
each from the faculty, the alumni, and 
the student body. 

The intent behind these changes, as 
seen by the Legislature's Joint Committee 
on the Master Plan for Higher Education 
(of which Vasconcellos is chairman) was 
to make the U.c. Board of Regents more 
representative of the state community 
and less subject to political influence. 

Opponents of the original version of 
the bill argued that its effect would be to 

tinIe 

Inside TOday's Time.: Lots of 
Arts; Salute to American In-
dustry; The Work Sheet; Taylor 
on Streaking. 
Volume 21, Number 20 UCSD 

Photo: Malcolm Smith 

March 15, 1974 

UC Libraries Reach 
'Critical Stage' 

by James G. Soto I ibraries as a resu It of the 
university's inability to 

[This is the first in a two build up the libraries of the 
part series of articles on other campuses." 
libraries at the University In face of the mounting 
of California.) difficulties of the library 

In the 1960's the system ofthe University has 
University of California had at one time or another 
effective ly expanded from three large committees to 
two campuses to nine. Each work on the problem . Some 
of these campuses had their of the work from these 
own library. various committees has 

Despite this rapid ex- been helpful yet the major 
pansion, the last six years problems of over burdened 
has not bode well for the Berkeley and Los Angeles 
future of the UC Library libraries and un-
system . Gabriet Jackson, derdeveloped libraries at 
UCSD History professor and the other campuses 
member of the Library remained unable to im-
Policy Task Force said "The prove primarily because of 
past six years has seen the the disappearance of funds . 
I ibrary situation reach a The President of the 
critical stage. Lack of in- University formed the 
terest in Higher Education, Library Policy Task Force. 
the Viet Nam War Politics This body includes the nine 
in Sacramento: have Academic Vice-<:hancellors 
contributed to a situation Richard Dougherty, Head 
that has gone from bad to University Librarian from 
worse as the money Berketey, Alex Maradudain, 
topped comins in . There Vice-Chairman of the 

has been overload on the University wide AcAdemic 
Berkeley and Los Anaeles Senate Library Committee, 

and Jackson, the chairman 
of the same committee. 

The Task Force made two 
major conclusions on the 
UC library system; the first 
concerns money and the 
second concerns regional 
co-operation . 

"There simply isn 't 
enough money to improve 
services and to buy more 
books" said Jackson. He 
gave an example of how last 
year 520,000 volumes were 
purchased for the 
University . This year 
although the money 
budgeted has remained the 
same 10 pE'f"cent fewer 
books will be purchased 
due to mflation . The Task 
Force has recommended 
that at least 650,000 
volumes be purchased 
annually to maintain the 
standards of the University 
dt its present level . 

Jackson characterized 
the recommendation of the 
650,000 volumes figure as 

ContInued on 'IP 1 

allow the next governor and any two-
term governor succeeding him to name 
all sixteen appointed members of the 
board, thus making it more subject to 
political influences. The Los Angeles 
Times advanced this argument 
editorially; it suggested that ·the 
proposed select committee would be 
especially subject to political pressures 
and liable to make politically motivated 
compromises . 

" in strong disagreement" with the 
proposal. He commented that many of 
the provisions of the amended bill "fail 
to recogn ize that the Board of Regents is 
not just a democratically chosen 
committee where you want a wide 
spectrum of representation . It is actually 
naming the board of directors for an 
institution with a budget of more than 
one bill ion dollars a year ." 

There has also been a massive cam-
paign by the UC administration to defeat 
ACA 83; letters have been sent to almost 
1200 alumni and UC supporters. 

A.CA. 83, in its original form was 
passed out of the Assembly Committees 
to the Assembly Floor only to be referred 
back to committee. The L.A. Times has come out in favor 

of Vasconcellos' amendment Support 
was also VOiced by the UC Student 
Lobby . William Roth , a regent for ten 
years and a Democratic candidate for 
Governor, announced support for the 
bill, specifically citing the need for a 
greater variety of Cal ifornians to serve as 
regents ; the present board, he asserted, is 
too heavily influenced by wealthy 
business oriented individuals. 

In response to criticism of the original 
measure Vasconcellos proposed that the 
bill be modified to allow for ten year 
terms for the regents, with a ten year 
transition period from the present system 
to the revised one . The modification 
would eliminate the danger of any 
governor appointing all the members of 
the board. 

Governor R~agan stated that he was 

African Drought 
Remains Critical 

200,000 Dead, 
Due to Devastating 
Five-year Dry Spell 

by Jerry Schneid~r 
West Afri ca and 

Ethiopia are suffering from 
the worst natural disaster 
on the continent in this 
century. After five years of 
drought, the environment is 
being devastated by the 
encroaching Sahara desert . 

Eighty-eight percent of 
the livestock in Ethiopia, on 
which the Nomadic 
population dQpends are 
dead or dying. 

An estimated 200,000 
people in seven countries 
have already died from 
!> tarvation and disease . 
Ethiopia, Chad, Mal i, 
Mauritania, Niger, Senegal 
and Upper Volta lie within 
the famine stricken area. 

Together these poor and 
generally unknown 
countries occupy an area 
slightly larger. than the size 
of the continental United 
States, situated in an arid 
zone south of the Sahara 
Desert. 

These nations have a 
combined population of 
over 30 million, a little 
more than one-eighth that 
of the United States . 

United Nation' Secretary 
General, Kurt Waldheim 
wa quoted in the Los 
Angeles Times on March 8 
as saying that the drought 
remains ritical and 
thousands will die before 
relief arrives . 

The network of roads in 
this desert area is poor, and 
moving upplies i the 
biggest problem facing 
relief organization . 
Waldheim reported e mg 
foodstuff piling up on 
docks and in capital cities . 

fifteen member of the 
French community at UCSD 

have contributed directly to Touareg who live in the 
the delivery of food and more arid north 
supplies to Niger, stated Final solution is the 
Henri Agresti, of the complete extermination of 
Linguistics Department, an ethnic group such as 
and member of the group. Hitler's effort against the 
Through "Club 'Ies Route du Jews during World War II . 
Monde" located in France, Refusing to refuel planes 
they purchased four trucks delivering food tuffs thus 
to be used in the most cutting down what they can 
remote sections of Niger. carry, and blocking roads to 

According to news the north are two examples 
dispatches, the famine in of government attempts to 
Ethiopia is a major cause of impede aid to the Touareg, 
skyrocketing inflation of stated the newspaper . 
basic foods uch as flour Long-term project to 
and rice. Inflation and increase water re ources by 
demands for higher wages building dams is the target 
for the military in Ethiopia 0 fin t ern a t ion a I 
recently led to more than organizations hoping to 
two weeks of studen t break the drought. 
uprisings an d mi litary A United tate group, 
takeovers of major cities. the Agen cy for I n-
The dissen ion began in ternational Development 
mid-February and left at has contr i b uted 128 
lea t 35 people dead and million in two yenr , tated 
hundr ds wounded or in Maurice William , as I tant 
jail. administrator of AID In the 

If th famine continues, Le Monde arti cle 
not only will the rate of The United ation s 
death increase (it reached work-s through the Food and 
1,000 p r week in Ethiopia Agricultural A ociatlon , 
in October, 1973), but there which as ited the dYing of 
is the likelihood of political human and animal 
problem for the govern- We t Af nca 
ment of the young -" catastrophl " 
countrie ontflbutlon 

The French new paper, m dlcal uppll 
Le Monde, report in it aid an be 
reb. 13 issue the uniqu following organization 
ituation exi ting in Mali Operatio, , PU H (Rev 

The author of the article, Je e la k ,on ), 9 0 [a~t 
Philippe Decraen , con- 50th t , hlcago, III , 
cluded that bE'Cau of 60615. 
governm tnt activity , in- RAIN -!fro fro lit ion of 
ternational observ rare Bla k Organization), 475 
surmi 109 that the Riv rid Dr - Room 5«', 
government of Mali , NY , , 1 27 
located in the outhern half U nit d a t Ion 
of the oontry, i uSing the A 0 latlon of an Ole '0, 
drought as " th fmal United Natlon\ Bldg , 
olution" to the problem.of Balboa Bark, San 01 go, 

their Nomadic rival, th TE'lephone, 23 970 



UCSD Bus Service I 
Do you live in CLAIREMONT, UNIVERSITY CITY, 

PACIFIC BEACH or OCEAN BEACH? 
Ride the new UCSD bus service starting March 

29th . The buses will run. free of charge until April 8th, 
a nd after the 8th fares wi II be SO for students and S 10 for 
faculty and staH for a one-month pass . In addition, 
single ride tickets will b~ available for 25 cents. The bus 
drivers may not accept cash, so tickets must be pur-
chased ahead of time. 

The tickets will be sold at the central cashier's office 
and the Urey Hall box office starting Wednesday, April 
3rd . 

Schedules and route maps are being prepared and will 
be available next week. Two bus routes will be avai lable 
to serve the U .C.·Clairemont area and one bus will cover 
the P.W .B. area. Although definite times are not yet 
available, all three routes will provide service to and 
from UCSD for those on 8-5 schedules. 

Additional runs will be during later morning and 
evening hours to bring the total to seven trips daily for 
each bus. The organization of the bus se rvice is being 
performed by the Student Task Force on Transportation. 

Catholicism In Spain 

(Richard Mowre- Christian Science Monitor) 
The Roman Catholic Church of Spain , once a major 

prop of the Franco regime, has become a battering ram 
turned against it. 

Never in the Franco regime's 35 years had there been 
anything like it : a bishop and his vicar-general placed 
under house arrest , a high police official warning them 
by telephone to pack their bags and prepare to be 
deported, thinly veiled counterthreats of ex-
communica(ion, and in Madrid strong hints that the 
government would denounce the concordat signed with 
the Vatican 21 years ago 

Barring a last-ditch attempt at a ceas -fire to seek 
some kind of compromise, a complete rupture in 
church-state relations in Spain seems inevitable . 

The diHiculty is that the respective positions of the 
rranco regime and Catholic Church appedr irrecon-
c ilable. 

The government stand is that Spanish prelates as 
citizens of Spain must abide by the Franco state's laws. 
The government feels that clerics increasingly have 
fomented subversion , undermined the regime, and 
given aid and comfort to dissidents and that this is 
intolerable. 

Catholic clerics , particularly in the Basque north and 
in Catalonia, for their part believe it their duty to speak 
up on temporal matters affecting their commun ities, 
particularly when conditions inhibit ordinary people 
from speaking for themselves . 

TT Academic Credit 

Hey. You can work for th~ Triton Times (the virtues of 
which need not be articulated further), get paid a 
generous surr (depending on your scale of comparison) , 
and get two units at the same time. 

Just take Interdisciplinary 30, a course in U SO 
student media, It's taught by ace San Oiego Union 
reporter Bot Lawrence and involves one hour long 
seminar/ meE'ting a week . Readings are chosen as 
supplements to th tea:::hing of thf' art of newswriting. 

Although r1embership on the Triton Times stafi I lIot 
required by the course, we, of course, would encourage 
it. But if y01 1 oon 't join the paper, you might at least 
learn what's ~rong with It. 

Bike Shortage? 

(UC Davis Cal Aggie) Midwest bicyclp distributors 
think there'll be a shortage of non-fue! transportation 
this ~pring A ~poke man for Schwinr. bi y les say his 
company i~ having a hard time gecring part~ for Its bikes 
from ov rseas The consensus," Of'troit ~cem~ to be If 
you're going to buy <l blke--get It o;oon 

Poise 2 Tritoo limes, March 15, 197-1 

To End Waste 
by Rich Drom 

Project Waste Hunt is 
being organized at UCSD, 
"to attempt to uncover the 
expensive, unnecessary and 
widespread energy waste 
occurring in commerce and 
industry." UCSD students, 
under the direction uf 
CALPI RG, will soon begin 
work to eliminate energy 
waste in San Diego. 

The commercial and 
industrial sectors of the U .S. 
economy use 70 percent of 
the energy consumed each 
year. Butthe Federal Energy 
office estimates that 40 
percent of this could be 
saved through energy 
conservation programs. 
Project Waste Hunt will 
work to expose this energy 
waste within commerce and 
industry, and eliminate it 
through public pressure. 

Project Waste Hunt was 
originally organized by the 
Citizen's Action Group 
(CAG) in Washington D .C. 
It points out that " no matter 
how many home ther-
mostats are lowered to 65 
degrees, we can only affect 
30 percent of the energy 
market. Our efforts ca n 
result in only minor energy 
conservation and no price 
change." 

But CAG ays that the big 
users, commerce and in-
dustry, waste about 30 
percent of a II energy 
produced in the U .S.; 
through inadequate or non-
existant energy con-
servation programs. This 
energy could be saved 
without reducing 
production through basic 
eHorts; such as using the 
energy from one industrial 
process to operate another . 

Alan Kremen , a Muir 
freshman, will head Project 
Waste Hunt at UCSD. 
Though in the organizing 
stages now, Kremen hopes 
to begin the project the first 
week of April; after finals . 

Kremen points out that 
because of the fuel crisis , 

"energy waste is no longer 
just the conservationists' 
problem, it is everybody's 
problem. But in the short 
term, the individual should 
not be bearing the brunt of 
the shortage through higher 
prices , fewer jobs and 
colder homes ." 

"The big energy con-
sumers - business and 
industry - should cut back 
or pay the price, " said 

~emen . 
By using a list of con-

servation techniques 
prepared by CAG, students 
will be able to meet even 
large corporations in San 
Diego on an even level . 
CALPIRC members, 
through research and in -
terviews hope to find out if 
industries are "ducking the 
laws" regarding energy 
conservation or are wasting 
energy through inef-
ficiency . 

"If wastage is found in 
San Diego, CALPIRG hopes 
to build up public pressure 
against energy abusers and 
point out necessary reforms 
and solutions," according 
to Kremen. "PIRG's, citizen 
groups and labor unions 
working together can 
become powerful political 
force - a consumer force to 
combat the special interests 
of big business and big 
money. We hope that this 
project can be a building 
block to that goa l," Kremen 
added. 

Anyone interested in this 
project or CALPI RG can call 
Kremen at 452-8975 for 
more information. 

TheCoalt 
Cruller 

The Coast Cruiser will 
not have an 8, 9, or 3:30 
run Monday through 
Friday of Finals Week. All 
other runs will remain the 
same. 

"1m f W " ages 0 onnen 
Spring quarter, UCSD 

Extension is offering 
" Images of Women in 
Film ." This course was to be 
good for Visual Arts credit, 
but that has since been 
changed, The committee 
which decides which 
courses are for credit has 
decided to discredit 
" Images of Women in Filml" 

The Women 's Center has 
petitions in the Center (the 
Fish Bowl) to ask the 
Committee on Edu cational 
Policy to give credit to 
students wishi ng to take the 
fi lm course . The basis for 
not giving credit is that the 
I nstructor, Martha Rosier, is 
a graduate student. Clause 
750-A in the policy of the 
Academic Senate (of which 
the CEP is a subcommittee), 
declares what types of 
courses can or cannot fulfill 
u nd ergrad uate requi re -
ments . There is no 
clarifications about courses 
taught by grad students. 

In the past , the precedent 
has been to give fine arts 
redit for extension film 

courses approved by the 
Visua l Arts departm nt, 
,"cluding those taught by 

graduate students. Many 
students have received fine 
arts cred it from classes 
taught by Duncan Shepard. 
who is a grad student. 

Th is quarter the sub-
com mittee of the CEP 
which makes the decisions 
on Extension cour es has 
new members, and they are 
interpreting clause 750-A to 
exclude graduate students 
as qualified teachers. 

But the policy that has 
been developed through 
precedent should not be 
changed. To prevent this 
from happening, sign the 
petitions in the Women's 
Center! 

-

COMMUNITY 
·BlOODBANK 

327 f. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for sel'Yke 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

You-Know-What 
I suppose it was inevitable that a Triton Times 

reporter would at one point or another find himself 
wandering,about in the Muir Quad at midnight, waiting 
for a bunch of guys to run around without allY clothes 
on . Lord knows, every other college paper, or little 
college town paper, has found at least ten inches for 
stories like this; after all, it is (subject to your own in-
terpretation) either a massive political movement aimed 
at the destruction of Capital ism As We Know It , a sign of 
an impending social redefinition of America, or a 
prelude to the Second Coming. 

It is, of course, possible that streaking signifies 
nothing. It would then merit space only if a bunch of 
them were run over by a truck, or set on fire, or 
something. 

But gee, it's fun . You can either watch from a window, 
or, reluctantly, grab a notebook (which gives you a 
function , beyond casual observer) and walk around 
watching clothed people watch naked people. We stand 
inside the grassy area, or right in front of the two bigs 
dorms, allowing room to run on the sidewalk. We speak 
with each other (although there is very little to say 
it. ) 

'here were more Tioga than Tenya people out on 
Tuesday night, proportionally, than Muir apartment 
people--the latter watch from windows , and make loud 
exclamations. The residence hall people are obviously 
more avid fans of all this ; some of them were standing 
around hopefully a half hour after the last streaker had 
streaked . 

If you ask people why they are there, they' ll either 
evade your question entirely, or say they have nothing 
better to do. They will never admit they enjoy ..,,,,,tr>,,n o 
unclothed human forms prancing around in the n 

By the way, it is a social occasion, and people 
parently dress for it. Heh. Groups are ool-they are 
'bystanders' . Individuals, alone, are 'voyeurs'. 

On Tuesday, there were four variations . First, and 
most unexpected, about 17 women . Later, at the Ap-
pointed Hour of 12:17, two men. At 12:45, coeducation . 
women riding, sort of, on the backs of men . And at 1:00, 
three of them played football for a while. Streaking, as 
the night passed, b gan to slip toward the murky edge 
of psychotic exhibitionism . 

(It is important to note that in large groups of 
streakers, the maintainance of same is necessa ry . On 
Monday night, one fellow found himself going one way, 
while the other 20 guys disappeared behind a building. 
He looked around , and at that instant realized he was 
standing alone and naked in front of 75 laughing 
people. He will probably never recover.) 

There is also a dingy side to this . There are off-color 
. jokes, rude remarks from windows, and rude retorts to 
these remarks (All of this, though it is fairly obvious 
that streaking i by definition asexual, at least for the 
streaker, who must realize that h is fans are drawn from a 
group that might not see it as such . It is his (or her) fun, 
when he hears people yelling and clapping at him, and 
knows that they have no idea why the are clapping, nor 
why what he has done seems exceptional to them .) 

Streaking has already begun to want for, uh , spice. It 
has quickly made the transition from an occasional 
event whose main element is surprise, to a regulated 
spectator sport. The term 'streaking ' no longer quite says 
it. Also, the variations are limited. I kept hoping for 
something original like Streaking Elephants. 

Anyway, streaking is not new. It gave Playboy an 
excuse to print its first frontal male nude a few years 
ago. And coming now, it might fill , at least for a while, a 
two-year-old gap in the college experience. There was 
war to think about then; now there's streaking. 

Unhappy Elevators 

If you live in the Muir dorms, you received the 
following on Wednesday: Memo to all students: Any 
student caught interferring with the normal function of 
the elevators in any way will be dismissed from the 
Residence Halls . Cleo Malone, Resident Dean." 

I'm embarassed to admit that I haven't been able to 
find out what the normal (or deviant, for that matter) 
function of an elevator is. None of the medical en-

cootinued 00 IHIle 15 

TYPING ERRORS 

- OUT OF SIGHT! 

Scri.pps Scientist Honored ., UC Libraries 
Continued from Page 1 

" utopian " becall~(' the 
money isn 't availabl . 

LA JOLLA, Calif - - A scientist at Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation, Hans J. Muller-Eberhard, M .D., 
was one of ten physicians and researchers in the country 
selected to receive Modern Medicine's 1974 Award for 
Distinguished Achievement . 

The distinguished achievement awards have been 
made annually by the publishers of Modern Medicine 
for the past 40 years. Recipients are selected by the 
deans of medical schools, leaders of medical 
organizations, and members of the magazine's editorial 
board . According to the publishers, the awards are 
made "to the men and women who make important 
discoveries in medical research, who devise useful 
refinements for clinical medicine or surgery, or who 
contribute to improving medical education ." 

Dr. Muller-Eberhard, a member of Scripps' depart-
ment of experimental pathology and holder of the Cecil 
H. and Ida M . Green Investigatorship in Medical 
Research, was singled out for his work on a highly 
complex molecular system known as "complement. " 
Complement is known to play an instrumental role in a 
wide variety of bodily functions . 

A fundamental component of the body's defensive or 
immunologic system, complement participates in the 
neutralization of viruses and the destruction of bacteria. 
It also helps the body's scavenger cell s (phagocytes) to 
ingest microorganisms and dispose of dead tissue cells . 
Complement molecules enhance the process of blood 
coagu lation (clotting). 

Scientists now recognize that the molecular system 
is also involved in self-destructive processes called 
"auto-immune disease." In these cases, aberrations in 
the mechanisms by which the body identifies harmful 
invaders mistakenly causes complement to attack the 
ce lls it normally protects. 

In the course of his studies, Dr . Muller-Eberhard and 
his co lleagues have isolated nine of the eleven known 
components of complement and, according to Modern 
Medicine, paved the way for defining a new set of 
diseases based on deficiencies and malfunctions in the 

complement system. His discoveries have also ~nabled 
doctors to examine already-known diseases from en-
tirely new perspectives . 

Since joining SC&RF's staff in 1963, the German-born 
researcher has developed one of the largest and most 
productive complement laboratories in the world . In 
this specialized, highly sophisticated setting, Dr. Muller-
Eberhard and the 35 members of the lab's professional 
and technical staff are continuing to investigate the 
complement systems' multi-faceted character and its 
role in normal and abnormal bodily processes. 

Currently, their efforts are directed at understanding 
clinical problems. According to Dr . Muller-Eberhard, 
" Just as we are now recognizing many complement 
deficiencies in their clinical manifestations, so we will 
learn more about known syndromes and diseases that 
are related to complement abnormalities . 

The Modern Medicine Award is not the first accolade 
Dr . Muller-Eberhard has received . In 1972 he was 
selected as the first scientist to occupy the Cecil H. and 
Ida M . Green Investigatorship in Medical Research - a 
special research position established at SC&RF by a 
founder and director of Dallas-based Texas Instruments, 
Inc., and his wife. 

In 1971 he was presented the Helen Hay Whitney 
Foundation's T. Duckett Jones Memorial Award - one of 
the nation's most prestigious annual medical awards. 

Dr . Muller-Eberhard was the 1970 winner of the 
Squibb Award of the American Infectious Diseases 
Society and later that year accorded further honor by an 
invitation to deliver one of the renowned Harvey 
Lectures at Rockefeller University. In 1966 he was 
selected for the Parke-Davis Meritorious Award of the 
American Society for Experimental Pathology . 

In addition to hi s post at SC&RF, Muller-Eberhard 
serves as an adjunct professor in the department of 
pathology at the University of California, San Diego. He 
is a member of the Association of American Physicians, 
American Society for Cli nica l Investigation, American 
Association of Immunologists, American Academy of 
Allergy, and the Society of the Sigma Xi . 

The second conclusion of 
the Task rorce was that 
more co-operation is 
needed between the 
University, and other 
segments of the academic 
commun ity. Jackson said 
the Task Force felt it was 
necessary "to exp lore 
region al co -operat ion 
between the nine cam-
puses, ·the State University 
system, and private I n-
stitutions such as Stanford ." 

The Task Force accepted 
a report from UCSD 
University librarian Mel 
Voight which established a 
plan for regional co · 
operation 

For the present time the 
report concluded the 
libraries at Berkeley and Los 
Angeles will continue as the 
major libraries but will be 
more dependent on other 
ca mpu ses and institutions 
(i n c lud ing private 
universities and public 
libraries) for unique 
material . Berkeley and 
UCLA will concentrate on 
current coverage as they 
already have major 
retrospective collections 

UCSD and ur ~an 
francisco will Ot' hrought 
up to an IntC'rnll'diary 

po~ition bt>(i1u~e of tl,.. 
regional and l11t'tropolit.l" 
areas ~erved ilnd Iw( aust' o t 
the clistan(t.'~ InvolVl'd Tht, 
other (ampu~es Will be Ipit 
With therr baSIC nPeds whilp 
maximum dppendencp on 
the other campuses for 
other needs C'mpha,ilPd 

lack son said even to 
implement the VOight [lliln 
would require money that 
isn 't available 

Explainrng how th e 
money crunch has hit the 
University, Jackson ~alcl 
that " books cannot be 
bought like they used to In 
the History Department a 
few years ago there was 
$50,000 for twelve 
professors . Now there arC' 
twenty professors but only 
$30,000 As the faculty and 
student body increase With 
the resulting demand on 
resources the money 
allocation d crease." 

Jackson personally 
believes " the University 
cannot expect to remain a 
Grade A university unless 
the six year trend is 
reversed " 

Women's Center: "Beyond Mystique" 
On April 10th a San 

by Juanita Stoddard Diego policewoman will 
" Beyond the Mystique" is speak on self-defense for 

the theme for a month of women . April 15th , in 
programs sponsored by the conjunction with Third 
Women's Center. Spanning World Studies , The 
the period between April 5 Women's Center will 
and May 6 will be a lecture present 'Women in Viet 
serres, eminars, films , and Nam," by Gail Omvedt. 
other activi ties intended to Dr . Karen Paige, a 

du cate people about psychologist who has done 
women . The lectures will extensive research on the 
explore the potential of female cycle, will lecture 
women : which limitations April 18th on "Menstrual 
are bio logica l , and which Stress : Biological Factors 
are arbitrari ly imposed by vs. Social Taboos." April 25 
society . Various seminars there will be a panel 
and elf·help courses will be discussion on Femi nine 
conducted to help women Se'Xuality . Answering 
to realize this potential. questions will be local 

The entire series of doctors, psychologists, and 
programs is open to all counselors. 
UC"50 st udents , the faculty, May 6th Dr . Estelle 
the staff, and the San Diego Ramey, a physiologist on 
community. All of the the faculty of Georgetown 
activities will take place on University Medical School 
campus . In Washington, D .C., will 

On April 5th at 8:30 in discuss " Hormones : Is 
he Revelle Cafeteria, Dr , Testosterone the Take-

June Jackson Christmas will Charge Elixir?" Dr. Ramey is 
speak on "Sex ism and a very dynamic speaker, 
Racism ." Dr . Christmas is a and an expert in her field of 
black psychiatrist who is endocrinology. 
the head of the New York 
City department of health . 
She has done studies of the 
different problems con-
fro nt ing whites and blacks, 
and men and women . 

CHARLU 
SUT COVIR Cl!NftIil 
.. ~ ........ ..... 
Ia.tw..o ....... ...., 

'EUROPE 
SPRING 

CHARTER 
$321 

RoundT ..... 

LA plJas 
Iy. Merch 21 

It. 8ept""~ 3 
A ........ ~ T. UCSD. 
.~,...... ..... , ..... 
",*I_.n ......... 
c-t: .. T .... 0fII0e. 

I" ......... c:-, 
.-..... c...... 

---
...... -11 ...... Il*" 

M ............. Ptt. 

~Rlmer 
Applicatioos are now 

being accepted for Reyelle 
Collele summer orien-
tation leadrn. Eight 
studenli will be ap-
pointed. They will take 
part in special training 
sessions durinR the sprinR 
term md follow up 
meetinls durinl the fall 
trrm, in addition to 
conductinR one and two 
day orientation sessions 
during the summer. Those 
interested should contact 
thr student employment 
office for a referral. 

SPORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR SERVICE 

and 
AUTO UPHOLSTERY 

For All Cars 

CONSIDERA TlON 
TO STUDENTS 

7638 rAY AVENUl 
IN THE REAR 

LA PLLA, CALIF 
454-1920 

To save-
our reputation. 

r 

We stand for a lot of things to Unlveralty Employees. Highest return on sav-
ings for one. Sure you can save at 8 bank or savings and loan association, 
but we can make you more money and do It while your account is insured 
to $20,000 ju.t like the other guys. The graph below tells our story. We plan 
to pay you 5~" per annum on shere savings accounts.· 
We stand for 8 lot of things to University Employees, but the low Interest of-
fered by banks and savings and loans is one thing we won 't stand for. And 
neither should you. Open your U.S.E. savings account today. 

N.CQ\I I ~-
MEMBE 

INS 
R ACCOUNTS 

URED TO '20,000 

BANK 
5% 

per annum 

Annu" (compounded 
PINbook dally) 
AcCounts """,,.1 Yield 

'100 $5.13 
'1.500 '78.95 
12,500 '128.25 

U.S.E. 
53,4% 

sal per annum 
51,4% (compounded ",,"i-annually) 

per annum 
(compounded 

dally) 

Annual Yield Annuli Yield 
$5.39 $5.76 
$80.85 S117 .• 1 
'1304.75 $1.5.77 

CREO,NION 
utIVERSITY AND STAR 

.. ~",,,,,,,,""""""""'ClN- EMPLOYEES 

.. ..,.;on ...... ..,.., ........ ..--.. .. 

....................... ...,.. ...... , ... 
,_ .. U.I ........ ~~:-r~ CIEDIIf UNION 

OF SAN OtEGO 
.. ~ :-:.-.::.: e::. ,........ " .. ~ .... - ...... --.................. ,,,.,,. ........... ... 
............................ 

PaRe ) Triton Times, March 1 S, 1'74 



STOP MESSY CLEAN · UP 
after cutUog or trimming 
hair at home! This hair 
trim tray catches hair as 
you cut it, before It falls 
on the floor. Adjustable 
neck band fits aU sizes 
from child to adult. 20" 
across; made of 50ft plas· 
tic with flexible rim that 
keeps hair in tray . . . 
wipes clean in a jiffy. 
Great for protection while 
giving home permanents 
and applying make·up. 
F3Oe3 Hair Trim Tray $1 .59 

The DIGIt ...-al CIIrIIt. 
_ card JOU eu 18114 ••• 
ID artIIt'I u.teh of 1011, 
family, or cb11dnn. Repro· 
ducecl In erlap blaet Ink on 
white ItoeIt with red and 
IJ'Hn border. Inlkle, a 
warm areeUo. bellna with 
Jaat name, u "From Tbe 
Howards". (Or, "From Jean 
Howard," 11 IInlle). Gr .. to 
In. "l1ped" wit h f1nt 
__ . Prlllt n.-. Send 
ua a clear h1aet IDd white 
or color photo (no Ilidea or 
nepUv .. ). Photo returned 
unhanDed. lOx I'" car d • 
french·fold to 5x'1". En". 
lopea Incl ...• dclrea printed 
,1.211 utra, any quanUty. 
Special offer with purchue 
of carda: order ori,lDal 
Ketcb aigned by famed art· 
lit, lultable for framln,l 

Plot Caricature Card 
100 ... $2U5 175 ,,5.95 
150 ... $39.75 200 .. . $51.95 
P6051 Sketch .... ..... $5.00 

10-Ft. Long Santa and Reindeer Ughl Up 
A GIANT ELECTRICAL OUTDOOR DISPLAYI Jolly Santa wavea a boUda, 
areetJn& from bIa aled fl1Ied with CbriatIIIU ,oodl .. , U h1a 8 famous rein· 
deer "prance" across your lawn rooftop, or porcb. II colorful weatherproof 
polystyrene pleees, .pprox. 18" hl'h with Iturdy 4" stakes. Complete with II 
bulbi, reflectora, and 12% foot UL llated outdoor cord. 110 volt. A IpectaC' 
ular hoUday display! 
X7167 Eleetrleal Santa and Reindeer Lawn Set ..... . .. ...... . 

UNCIRCULATED 1972 GOLD PLATED EI· 
SENH'oWER DOLLAR. AlrHCIy • collectora 
1 ...... 1 This magnificent coin commemorates 
the 34th President of the U.S., Dwtaht D. 
Eisenhower, and the historic moon landln,. 
A limited number have been electroplated 
in 24K gold and are now available for the 
first time. Protected In a plastic display 

, case. A fine gift . . . a treasured family 
heirloom sure to increase In valuel 
F7270 Gold Plated Eisenhower Dollar ".99 

YOUR NAME IS THE DE· 
SIGN on this tie! What 
looks like a smart, decor· 
ative pattern is clearly 
your name when you look 
at the tle sideways. Beau· 
tifully silk screened in a 
special textile paint. Tie 
is made of handsome fab-
ric, fashionable wid t h. 
Choice of navy, brown, 
green, or maroon. PRINT 
COL 0 R DESIRED AND 
FIRST AND LAST NAME. 
Allow 2-4 weeks dellvery. 
07128 Name Tie .... $5.95 

Too long have the nattering nabobs of negativism 
monopolized the pseudo-intellectual chic cocktail 
ci rcuit. It is easy enough for those who are wallowing in 
impotence to gloat over the alleged faults of others, to 
scoff at the American tradition of independence, 
initiative and inventiveness, with its legacy of solid and 
steady progress, just because a few malcontents like 
themselves can't manage to cut the mustard . It is time 
to turn the tables on such negativists, to reaffirm the 
value of hard honest labor and self-respect, and to 
proclaim our pride in the continuing achievement and 
innovation of our ever expanding economy . It is with 
th is intent that the Triton Times offers a sampling of a 
few of the finest recent products of the American 
Genius . 

PUT·TOGETHER FUNI YOUR 
FAVORITE PHOTO IN PUZZLE FORM 
A jigsaw puzzle can be made from your 
photo, 811de, or negaUve . . . black and 
white or color. A great party game of 
"put yourself together." What a sur· 
prise for your guests to discover that 
the puzzle Is you, them, or a friend! 
Just send your photo, slide, or negaUve 
and we will .end a black and whitt!, 
die-cut puzzle back to you and your 
photo returned unhanned. Choice of 
two sizes. Find and send your favorite 
photos today I Allow 2-4 week delivery. 
D7074 Photo Jigsaw Puzzle, llx14" $3.98 
D7075 Photo Jigsaw Puzzle, 8x10" $2.98 

HAND WARMER PADS 
keep you r.OIY no matter 
how cold tbe weather! 
Clasp these Uttle, 3xl%" 
miracle pads in you r 
Lands, or tuck Into gloves. 
Work on Dew principle; 
no batteries, no cbemleals; 
never lose warming prop-
erties. Wonderful for out· 
door work, sports, or 
travel! 
FI2 Hand Warmers, pro 69_ 

BARBER SHOP SHAVING BRUSH FITS 
RIGHT ON AEROSOL SHAVE CAN. Get 
old·fashloned shaving comfort without the 
mess! Just snap Cull bristled brush attach· 
ment on can . . . push top . . . you have 
foam)" moist lather right on the brush. No 
messy hands ! No waste! 4" long attach· 
ment fits all aerosol brands and can be 
reused with every aerosol cream you buy. 
Puts the fun back in shaving! 
F7267 Shaving Brush Attachment .. . .$3.98 

LOOK ILIM AND TR ... 
Raft a pot ~? .' .. Put 
it III Ita place! Tb1I .u.. 
mer belt mat_ rou IoN 
__ attraetlft ,..... tile 
_t you put It OIl! 
W .... Wlellr aQtIaInI. IJI· 
ltant-pip V ......... 
.... It ..., to put 011 
all tab olf . .,. ..... ad-
jUItI Ira. ....... ma.u. 
elIecI eoUoa for ..., WUII 
'II' _. H II p. I'IIIne 
a.ek taUpI tool Orat 
for _ 01' ..... 1 
,_ WaAIl Belt .... PM 

TWINFONE LETS 2 HEAR 1 CALLER AT 
THE SAME TIMEI This ingenious phone 
attachment gives you the luxury of an eden· 
sion phone without the expense! Just anap 
on phone receiver, put the other end to 
your ear . .. you have two party listening. 
Attaches to all phones, snaps on and off 
instantly. Unbreakable plastic, 32%" cord. 
Helpful acoustical telephone amplifier for 
the hard of hearing. 
S4039 Twlnfone ..... . ................. ,2.91 

WAL TWR DRAKI TllIAlURE C ...... 
t" VAL.,. ONLY_I 

ImaIlM a TNuure Cheat jam-p.eked 
fuU of 1Urprtaaa, loYlly lifts. hou-. 
hold Items, cln.r .... etal U',. rei' 
ular old·luhlonM ","bolle," of bar· 
lain • ... aU at a wonderful .. "" 
dtaeounU You.1t tn.h top quaUt)' 
lISucbendlM . . • at least 8 It ... In 
the paekal •. (N~ duplre.tIoIIIll 0rIPIa1 
retaD prIee '111.00. Vie for Ilfla, brIel" 
prbes, or fDr )'OUr own bom.. It .. our 
- .... U Iota- d .... anc:e from ~t 
eatalOlS. InJoJ the fun and the bar-
piJlI too! 
"'" Tnuure Cbeat .. .. .. . ...... 

Pap 4 Triton TImes, M.ch lS, 1974 

'TH ••• WILL •• NO .le.,IION. THI.I WILL .1 NO IKIIIION. 
THI.I WILL .1 NO .leIIIION. THI.I WILL .1 NO IlellllON • 

Letters To The Editor 
Deprivation 

Dear Females of U.C.S.D. 
You people are enough to 

produce mass 
homosexualityl The 
si tuation of the guys here is 
as follows; We are horny, 
every normal guy around 
here aches to shower his 
gifts upon a female. The 
majority of the guys here 
would make great 
" boyfriends" or steady 
dates . Damn it, this is 1974, 
the era of sexual freedom I If 
we are as good looking as 
you said we are, why should 
we have to be alone on 
Friday or Saturday night? 
We want you I Can't you 
understand that? And we 
don't want you necessarily 
just for partners. If the guys 
are groping for the girls, 
where is the problem? Its 
very simple, the female 
attitude. The ratio of guys 
to girls is a conservative 
figure of 2: 1. Any girl at this 
school can take her pick of 
a variety of guys. She can 
afford to sit back and let the 
guys come to her. She then 
picks one, and sends the 
others home to their 
fantasys and shaving cream. 
Damn it women, realize the 
guys here are greatl The 
whole atmosphere of this 
school precludes normal 
relationships . Let's do 
something about itl I have 
all the faith in the world, 
that if the girls would get 
off their ivory tower, a 
satisfing social system wil~ 
work! 
Lakanooki 

Full Rights 
For those not aware of it 

already, the Full Right's 
Init iative is a movement, 
(subject to technical dif-
fic ulties) that basically 
Wou ld lower the drinking 
age from 21 to 18. The 

EL GRINGO 
mEXICAN 

FOOD 
~73 

CLAIREMONT 
MESA BLVD. 

at 
GENESSE 

Next to 7-11 
Good Food & 
Good Prlce8 

Food to Goor 
Eat Here 

272-9130 

controversial arguments 
that have arisen from the 
Full Right's Initiative are, at 
the least, interesting. There 
are many familiar 
arguments for both sides 
that make sense, and many 
that don't . One such 
argument against loweri ng 
the age is that of the traHic 
accident rate. Some people 
seem to feel there will be a 
drastic rise in fatalities if 
the age is lowered, and 
therefore are opposed to 
the initiative. looking at it 
from another angle, if these 
same people are worried 
about the accident rate, 
why don't they introduce 
legislation to raise the 
drinking age to 35 or 4O? 
Then watch how fast the 
traffic accident rate 
decreases. 

But the purpose of this 
article is not to validate 
either viewpoint of any 
argument. I would like to 
look instead at what I feel 
to be a major problem 
behind the movement 
itself . In the last couple of 
years certain rights have 
been extended to eighteen 
year olds. They have always 
been eligible for the draft. 
They are now eligible to 
vote and choose leaders for 
the government. This 
impl ies full rights of 
Citizenship, and in most 
cases eighteen year olds are 
thought of as adults . But 
the drinking age remains at 
21. Why this moralistic 
idiosyncrasy? What the 
legislature of California is 
saying is that they feel 
eighteen year olds are 
responsible enough to 
handle more of their own 
life with these newly-

FREDRICK'S 
Ski & Hike 

OUTFITIERS 

SNOW REPORTS 
454-2351 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
LA ,PLLA, CALIF 92037 

454·1410 

extended rights, and even 
to vote for a President. But 
if I purchase or consume 
alcoholic beverages, they 
will slap my hand . To me, 
the priorities here are not 
straight. Which is more 
important; voting for public 
officials or personal 
drinking habits? Ap-
parently, drinking . 

Whether I drink or not 
does not affect my 
argument. I do not think the 
state legislature can 
discriminate between my 
rights as a citizen of the 
United States, whether they 
feel it's for my own good or 
not . If that is the case, why 
should drinking at any age 
be allowed? 

Bradford Perry 

Investments 
The University of 

California Student Lobby, 
San Diego 3n nex has 
recommended that the 
University change its in-
vestment policy . Mel 
Marinkovic, head of the 
petition drive against UC 
investments, described the 
policy as "irresponsible, 
and inconsistent with the 
high standards com-
mensurate with the 
University of California." 

Essentially, the problem 

RADUATE 
STUDENTS 

-SPORTS 
CARS 
-

REDUCED 
RATES 

3212 GOVERNOR DR . 
SAN DIEGO 92122 

Pho.ne: 453-7250 

STATE FARM 

INSURANCE 
~ 

centers on proxy issues . 
Frequently shareholders in 
a company introduce 
proposals calling for a 
change in that company's 
policies. The management 
then recommends a vote of 
either for or against the 
proposal. The UC policy, 
almost without exception , 
is to vote in accordance 
with management 
recomendations. In other 
words, the UC rarely 
considers the merits or 
dangers of company ac-
tivity- it simply follows the 
leader. When one considers 
that almost one-half billion 
dollars of UC money is at 
stake, one w,onders why the 
Regents are not more 
concerned with its usage. 

The UC investment 
policy position becomes 
even more precarious when 

, one notes that these cor-
porations are involved in 
severe political and moral 
controversy : several cor-

por~ltions have been cited 
by U.S. government of-
ficials as contributing to 
racist, dictatorial regimes in 
South Africa, proposals for 
the cessation of the 
manufacturing of illegal 
weapons have been made, 
and proposals for firms to 
be non-political in regard to 

Continued on Page 1S 

New Department To Open 
by Tom Phelan 

Starting in Fall quarter of this year, it was announced 
that U.C.S.D. will offer courses in ' Inefficient University 
Administration' . It is the first time in this country that 
tertiary education in this field has been available. 
Governor Reagan , in a speech before the 'Committee for 
Regressive Taxation', announced he felt there was 
probably no University in the nation which was more 
aptly suited for study of this type. 

In a surprise sta tement, the Chancellor, William 
McElroy, informed reporters of the appointment of Mr 
Cleo 'Malone, currently Muir Resident Dean, as 
chairman of the newly created department. 

" I think it is obvious," Mr. Malone said, scraping a 
brown blob off his shoe, " that a good college ad-
ministrator must have a<genuine deep-rooted hatred of 
students, and I hate them as much as anyone, which is 
probably why I got the post. " Mr. Malone then pointed 
out that there had been frequent threats on his life in his 
former position, and he had often been molested by 
gunshots in the halls and well positioned 'doggie-
bombs'. " I guess the University figures I'm just too 
valuable to lose ." 

He wasn't too sure about the exact nature of all the 
courses which would be offered, but said the housing 
department wi ll provide' special demonstrations in 
'Advanced Student Humiliation and Mistreatment' . 

"The ultimate goal facing each of our graduates," Mr. 
Malone stated, "will be to become at least as in · 
competent and rude,as the most unhelpful person in the 
housing office. If our students can achieve that level, 
then the sky's the limit. " 

The new department will demand major study em-
phasis in the highly skilled technique of 'Student 
Redirection '. This is the well known amusement for a 
growing number of U.C.S.D. administrators who send 
students from office to office until they finally give up 
in desperation. Instruction will also be given in 
'Categoric Replies'. This is where a student makes a 
reasonable request to an administrator and is told it is 
impossible or against the rules to help him . 

"Naturally," Mr. Malone conceded, " not all of the 
administrators work directly against the students; in 
fact, far too many of them are extremely helpful, but 
luckily it is an ever-decreasing minority. This new 
program will change all that. I will personally initiate a 
thorough search for all those university employees who 
are popular among students, and see they are dismissed 
on the spot. They probably take drugs and own dogs 
anyway." 

The highest enrollment is expected to be in a course 
called 'Bureaucratic Bungling'. It is rumored a former 
top government official , currently under indictment, is 
being engaged by the university to teach it . The ap-. 
pointment of this man, whoever he may be, could 
possibly cause as much controversy as the recent ad-
dition of Spiro Agnew to the General literature 
department. However, the appointment is said to be at 
the personal request of Governor Reagan 

Perhaps of even more interest will be studies into the 
methods of 'Administrative Revenge'. This can take the 
form of either acutely slow handling of a student's 
problem or by the outright destruct ion of his file . 
Potential lower level administrators, such as secretaries, 
must learn to predict what their boss' response to a 
particular request would be, and then tell the student 
the opposite answer. 

"You know," Mr. Malone said smilingly, "we are 
awfully lucky to have the government in America that 
we do; it sets such a good example for the university." 

Honors will be offered to particularly obnoxious 
students entering the new department. 

I 1 Itt 
THE SENATE 



Powe"'5 Philippic 
~ Jane KJtseII 

On Friday, 22 I e~ruary we were treated to a lengthy 
editorial hiWangut' by Mason Powell under the heading 
"50lzhenitsyn : A Propanganda Tool." 5olzhenitsyn, his 
life and its meani i,g does not need to be defended: he 
does it quite well . However, when a Pravda style smear 
appears in the IT the facts should be set straight, 
although it is difficult to sort supposed facts from the 
borscht of Powell's opaque rhetoriC. His claims against 
50lzhenitsyn are roughly : that Sol. was convicted in 
1945 (was he ever tried?) of a crime " ... tantamount to 
collaboration with the Nazis;" that SoL's first wife, 
Reshetovskaya disavowes the truth of Gulag Ar-
chipelago - mere prison folklore-; that Vitkevich, SoL's 
correspondent during WWII , now calls Sol. an informer; 
that Sol. has not been persecuted; that Soviet " in-
tellectuals and workers" have denounced Sol. in Pravda 
and Izvestie; that Sol. intimates (in his nomination of 
Andrey Sakharov for the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize) 
support for Nixon's Viet Nam policies; that Sol. is hot to 
get his hands on millions in royalties safely stored in 
Switzerland, etc ., etc. These " facts, " we are told, are 
proof of the duping of the American inteligentsia We 
should not accept Gulag a priori , we are warned, as. 
gospel-perhaps we should condemn the book a priori as 
a lie a la Powell without having read it! That these 
claims against Sol. are pure essence of bull will be 
shown below. 

Solzhenitsyn was a highly decorated artillery officer 
who fought at the front Jines cont'i nuously through 
1943, 1944 and until his arrest in 1945 He had 
corresponded with Vitkevich during the war and both 
had expressed dissatisfaction with the miserable 
treatment of Russian soldiers and with Stalin . Sol was 
formally charged with violation of article 58 of the 
Soviet Criminal Code . Article 58 deals with "coun-
terrevolut ionary crimes" and " propaganda or agitation 
including incitement to overthrow, undermine, or 
weaken Soviet rule ... " He was tried and convicted, in 
absentia to be sure, and sentenced to eight years. His 
"cri me," based on the evidence of the correspondence, 
was thinking and spreading prohibited thoughts i.e., 
doubts about I.V. Stalin. Article 58 was so vague in 
wording that it became a catchall for most prosecutions 
during WWII and after. During the paranoid years of 
Stalin's rule throughout WWII just about anything, or 
more often nothing at all was " ... tatamount to 
collaboration with the Nazis." Collaboration with the 
enemy was never a formal charge against Solzhenitsyn . 
The charade that Sol. sympathizes with the Germans 
was underscored when the Soviets (Sol. had no idea 
where he was going) exiled him to W. Germanv and 

Energy Crisis? 
by Friedrich Wilhehn Steinhen 

As I indicated in my column last week, the so-called 
Energy Crisis was rigged . Who engineered the energy 
shortage? The government did, of course. By "the 
government" I mean primarily the Federal government, 
although state governments and even many county and 
local governments were also involved. 

How did the government produce the energy shor-
tage? The same way it produced all the other shortages 
that currently plague our troubled economy: by 
freezing prices. Can I prove that statement? Certainly; 
the proof is easy once we have a good definition of the 
term "shortage." 

In order to make any sense at all in a discussion of 
this type, one must be sure to carefully define all the 
important terms. The word "shortage" is used constantly 
these days in connection with economic matters. But 
how many people who use this term know exactly what 
it is they are talking about? In this instance the dic-
tionary is n.o help; its definitions are hopelessly vague. 
The science of economics, however, provides us with a 
suitably precise definition : an economic shortage of i'I 
commodity exists if and only if at the currently 
prevailing market price consumers are willing to buy 
more of the commodity than producers are willing to 
sell. In other words, the quantity supplied is less than 
the quantity demanded, at a certain price. 

Notice that "shortage," and its opposite, "surplus," 
are completdy relative terms, and have nothing 
whatever to do with actual quantities. The amount 
bought and s'lld may go up or down, but as long as 
production and consumption are in balance, there will 
be neither sh.{)rlagc nor !urplll~ . 

The thing flat keeps them in balance is the market 
price. As long as the price is allowed to move freely, 
supply and deTland will constantly readjust themselves 
to remain in eqUilibrium. This is a basic principle of 
free-market e :onomics. 

It should be clear by now that on ly the government 
can create a shortagf! . That is bpcause only the 
government has the power to disable the price 
mechanism All the oil ompanies put tog ·ther LOuld 
not create a fuel shortage The worst th y cou ld do 
would be to consprre together to restrict productIon and 
thpreby drrve up thp price Such collUSIon would CPr 
tarnly produ('p IIIf'gal profits for thp ('onrpanlps II' 
volvpd . but It would not produc!' il <hort "'~(· It wodd 

Pilge 6 Triton Times, Milrch 15, 1974 

then pretended that 501. had chosen exile and gone to 
his "friends." 

Reshetovskaya, 501. 's first wife, should be left in 
peace. She was his childhood sweetheart who fought 
courageously for his release from prison . She finally 
gave him up for dead and remarried; she left her second 
husband and returned to 50lzhenitsyn when he came 
back from exile;}flly eleven years after his original 
arrest!l--and theIr relationship then came apart. She is 
bitter and feels betrayed in her personal relationship to 
Sol. But her gratuitous remarks that Guire is mere camp 
lore are patently wrong. She of all peop e, who suffered 
and struggled so long in the teeth of Soviet bureaucracy 
to maintain contact with her husband, who wasn't 
allowed to see him or correspond, who gave him up for 
dead, who has been denied work and hounded out of 
jobs because she was his wife-she should not allow 
herself to becom a "propaganda tooL" 

Vitkevich is now a successful profes or of chemistry. 
He would lose his position and perhaps much more if he 
did not join in the attack on Sol. This seems self-evident, 
yet we are asked to accept the Vitkevich accusations at 
face value and at the same time reject a priori Gulag for 
the writing of which Sol. interviewed 227 former Camp 
inmates and did meticulous research . Sources are cited 
throughout Gulag. Those who have not read the book 
will get a chance to see the full text when it comes out 
in translation in April. 

About those workers and intellectuals who wrote in to 
denounce 501. Letters from them came in even the day 
after ~1. was out of the country, before there were 
official announcements in the press, hours after brief 
mention was mad on TV 

We are implored to believe that Sol. has not suffered 
from persecution as black leaders here at home and 
other dissidents abroad. Eight years of prison, three 
years of exile, barred from the Writers' Union- hence no 
publication in the USSR-, denial of a resident permit to 
live in Moscow (Sol had to " visit" his wife and 
children), KGB agent confiscation of val uable archives, 
KGB agents beating up people close to Sol. (last year a 
woman friend of SoL's committed suicide after being 
forced to turn over a copy of Gulag), vicious slander 
attacks in the press with Sol. not being allowed to reply, 
the processi ng of monies sent to Sol. for h is Nobel Prize-
-naturally Sol. gQt very little, the removal from all 
libraries and bookstores of the only novel published 
(One Day ... , 1%2) in the Soviet Union. Not enough? We 
all agree, Sol. has had it soft, yes! 

Of course we are to believe that Sol. welcomed exile--
real anxious to get to all that loot _in Switzerland. He 

place an unfair burden on the rest of the economy, but 
at least the economy would be able to adapt and 
continue to function . It would not disrupt the basic 
operation of the economy, the way shortages do. 

Have the oil companies in fact been engaging in price 
fixing? I have heard lots of charges that they have, but 
so far I have not seen one shred of proof. Until I see 
some proof, I prefer to give them the benefit of the 
doubt and assume that their profits are legitimately 
earned . 

So much for the "who" and the " how" of the Energy 
Crisis . For the "why," let me introduce Steinherz's Law: 
A Politician Cannot Resist An Opportunity To Increase 
His Sphere Of Influence. Like the developer who says, 
"What a beautiful wilderness; let's develop it," the 
politician says, "What a dynamiC, fast-moving, emotion-
packed situation; let's regulate it." The politician never 
even considers the possibility that the best thing to do 
may be to do nothing at all. The Energy Crisis gave the 
politicians a golden opportunity to expand their empire 
and create whole new pyramids of government 
hierarchy. 

So, what is the solution to the energy situation? 

Nationalize the oil industry? Oh, sure . That would 
give us a national oil monopoly that was a paragon of 
efficiency. lust like all the other government-run 
businesses; like the Postal Service, for instance. 

Let fuel prices rise, but tax away the oil companies' 
profits? The hlgher prices would certainly curtail 
demand, and would restore balance to the marketplace 
if they were allowed to go high enough . But with the 
high profits gone, the supply situation would be about 
what it was before . It would be just as well to let the 
government collect the tax directly from the consumer, 
and that is exactly what some people have proposed . 

• Rationing? That does nothing to attack the baSIC 
problem; all it does is cut down the amount of time 
people waste playing games like musical gaspumps. The 
scarce resources would be just as scarce as before; only 
now the scarcity would be more organized. Are you 
prepared to accept rationing as a penllanent way of life? 

Roll back oil prices? Don't be silly; that would only 
make matter~ worse . 

The very first thing we should do to solve the energy 
shortagp is to demand that the government get its 
<.otton-pickirr fingers out of the marketplace. Price 
controh, allocation ~cheme , import and export quotas, 
"tr ~hl')lI lrl , 1I i)e "uapPf'd Thi~ will mE'an highpr fuel ' 

loved being hustled away in the night leaving behind his 
wife and children, his relatives and friends, his country 
for which he has struggled so hard and about which he 
has tried to write the truth at the risk of his own hide. 
Really! He had a chance to go to Stockholm in 197~ 
there was a house prepared for him by Swedish friends; 
the word was out that if Sol. left the USSR he wouldn 't 
be admitted back . Why wasn't he gloating over his 
royalties then? I quote from. Solzher1itsyn, 30 March 
1972: "I have made out a will, and ~hen the opportunity 
arises to execute it, all the royalties will be channeled by 
my attorney (Fritz Heeb of Zurich, J .K.) into social uses 
in my homeland." 

We are supposed to believe that Solzhenitsyn 
" ... intimated approval of Nixon's handling of the Viet 
Nam war .. . " I quote from SoL's letter to the Swedish 
Academy, published in the Oslo paper, Aft enpo-ten , 
republished in The New York Times, 15 September 1973 
"A .. . dense hypocri sy emenates from today's politi cal 
life in the United States, from the distorted vision of 
Senate leaders and the discordant Watergate affair 
Without in any way defending Nixon or the Republi can 
party, how can one not be amazed at the hypocritical , 
clamorous rage displayed by the Democrats?" And he 
continues .. . " What did they expect from a democracy 
that has no built-in ethical foundation, a democracy 
that COn5tltutes a clash of intprests, and no more than 
interests, a clash regulated only by the Constitution, 
without an all-embracing ethica l ediface?" Let the 
reader decide the extent of Solzhenitsyn's "approval" of 
Nixon et al. 

Reading Powell 's article, I am reminded of the saying 
Soviets have about their two " leading" newspapers 
(they usually say it in private or to c lose friends) : " In the 
newspaper Truth (Pravda) there's no news, and in the 
newspaper News (17vestie) there's no truth! " 

Investments 
U.S. elections have been 
made in the wake of 
Watergate. These are not 
light matters ; yet the 
Regents try to ignore them 
anyway. 

Mr. Marinkovic goes on 
to say, " If the UC in-

continued from page 5 

vestment policy planners 
conti nue to shirk th e 
responsibilities of wi se 
investment, we can only 
assume too, that the 
University of California is 
shirking its duties in 
meeting the high standards 
it has set for itself." 

prices for the consumers, and higher profits for the oil 
companies, both of which are necessary for a lasting 
solution to the problem . 

Next, we should take steps to ensure that society gets 
the maximum benefit from these high profits . Under 
suitable circumstances, high profits have two desirable 
effects . First, they attract new competitors to an in-
dustry, and second, they encourage existing com· 
petitors to expand their production facilities . We can 
maximize this much·needed expansion of production by 
streamlining the oil industry and by increasing its 
competitiveness. 

One important measure that would increase the 
overall efficiency of the oil industry would be to abolish 
the oil and gas depletion allowances. This would help 
straighten out the hopelessly tangled bookkeeping 
system that exists in the industry at the present time, 
and would help bring prices more into line with actual 
production costs at all levels of production. 

Another important step would be to reduce the 
vertical integration in the oil industry. The term "ver-
tical integration" refers to the process by wh ich a 
company tries to control all the steps in the production , 
distribution and sale of its product . In the oil industry 
today, this process is nearly complete. Most oil com· 
panies own or otherwise control a complete chain of 
facilities, from the wells right through to the service 
stations or other retail outlets. We ought to take a hard 
look at this chain, and search for good places to break it 
into smaller, more competitive links. 

In summary, the energy shortage has resulted from a 
combination of govemment mismanagement, govern-
ment over-management, and a less than ideal oil in-
dustry structure. These problems can be solved, but you 
are not likely to find the solutions in the popular media, 
or in the press releases of demagogiC politicians. 

At Large Continued from 'qe 2 
cyclopedias list anything about elevator functions; 
presumably, he means things like cutting cables, 
stopping the elevators between floors, or turning off 
their lights. (Anyone of these things could hurt an 
elevator's feelings .) But who would want to smash up an 
elevator, stand in an stationary elevator, or ride in a 
dark elevator? Maybe there are some people like that. 

And it might be very frustrating if you happened to 
live on the eleventh floor of one of the residence halls 
and have to walk up the stairs because someone was 
standing in a darkened, stationary elevator, between the 
fifth and siKth floors . I wish we could all send out 
memos. 

Inter-American Musical Festival Continues 
"Put another nickel in .... " 

if you're someone intrigued 
by the infinite variety of 
mechanical instruments of 
yesterday and the variety of 
musical sounds they 
produce, you will not want 
to miss the instruments 
exhi bited on a tour , 
Saturday March 16, from 1-
4 pm, as part of the 
numerous events of the 
I nter-American Music 
Festival. The tour will 
feature a Seeburg 
Grayhound Piano, used in 
speakeasies to get around 
gambling laws by playing 
music at the same time as 
betting the dog race 
rliorama within the smallest 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 
HYPNOSIS 

OICKRAKOW 

NO !!lIT 
bv Jean Paul Sartre 

NOW PLAYING 
Constanlly absorbing ... a 
bold confrontation between 
two women and a man 
locked together for eter-
nity . . . there Is no exit 
from their private hell . . . 
each is shorn of Inmost 
secrets as true characters 
are merclle .. 1y expoaed . .. . 

------- ---

of piano cases; a Mills 
Violano-Virtuoso with 44 
notes and a "real" violin 
visibly played by metallic 
fingers and celluloid bow 
wheels ; and many other 
instruments reprodUCing 
everything from concert 
orchestras to dance and 
jazz bands . 

The concert with the La 
lolla Civic/University 
Symphony Sunday, March 
17, at 8:00 pm in Sherwood 
Hall, La lolla, also features 
Americana in the music of 
Rudhyar, Revueltas, Rice, 
Barber and Healey. Derek 
Healey, Canadian composer 
visitinl! La lolla for the 

concert, says his music 
reflects the varied influence 
of Eskimo and Canadian 
Indian music. His Ardic 
Imilges to be perfonlled on 
the program, are based on 
five Eskimo prints . The work 
is a combination of Eskimo 
melodies with jazz-like 
clustering effects . Healey's 
Canadian Folk Songs 
originating from widely 
different ethnic groups, will 
be presented in a choral 
concert with the La Jolla 
Civic / University Chorus 
and the UCSD Chamber 
Choir, Thursday, at 8 :30 
pm, in Revelle Cafeteria . 

The remaining events of 
the Music Festival of the 
Americas are a Chamber 
Con cert with UCSD 
musI cIans performing 
music by Schafer, Cordero, 
Samarotto , and De long, 
Saturday March 16, at 8:15 
pm in 409, Matthews 
Campus; an exhibit of 
unique instruments 
designed by noted com-
poser Harry Partch, at San 
D iego State, 1-4 pm . 
Sunday, March 17; and a 
minI concert of con-
temporary music at the 
Atheneum at noon, 
Monday, March 18. 

The Festival culminates 
in a classical guitar co ncert 
with internationally known 
Cuban guitarist, Hector 
Garcia . Mr . Garcia, a 
graduate of the Peyrellade 
Conservatory , Havana, 
where he was al so a 
member of the facuity , will 
play works by Fernando Sor, 
M ario Caste lnu ovo-
Tedesco, Manuel Ponce 
and Emilio Pujol. Mr . 
Garcia has appeared in both ' 
solo and ensemble recitals, 
in such musIc centers as 
Town Hall, Madrid, Bar-
celona , Pari s, London , 
Stockholm, Amsterdam and 
Brussels. 

Hello 
The Arts Department 

wishes you and yours a 
pleasant finals week , and a 
relaxi ng recuperation 
period thereafter. See you 
next quarter . 

Arts Department 

.The Duke 
Comes' to UCSD 

Duke Fllin~ton , a lIVIng If·g(' no . \\111 h!' prl'~(' ntl'd 111 
concert by thp UnlVf'r~ity of Cililfornl il. ~iln Dll'go, 
Campus Program Hoard on SatllrodY. April h 

Thp Duke - published his fIrst ~ong at th!' agl' of n , 
and hasn't let up a mrnutp since _HIS .,on. Ml'rcpr 
Ellington, and the band's managpr says that Ililngton ,11 
the age of 74, has never comrosed so rrolrfically a~ hE' 
has in the last five years 

One cannot categorize the music of Duke Elli ngton 
and any attempt to do 50 would Insure his displeasurp 
" I don't believe in categories of any kind," he insi5ts In 
his just published book MuSIC Is My Mistress , Mr 
Ellington writes that his mistress, music, is " ten 
thousand years old ... a brand-new woman everyday, as 
endless as time mathematics .. 1 look forward to her 
every gesture". 

Anyone who hears Ellington's compositions hears 
almost all kinds of music. There are the standards, " In 

continued on page 10 

loni Mitchell, as photographed in concert last week by 
Gary Morgan ' 

Pile 7 Triton Times, Milrch 15, 1'74 



Craft Center News 
This Spring, the :: fts Center is offering courses and 

instruction in cor temporary crafts mediums at the 
Crafts Center building, Revelle campus . These classes 
are open to the ent ire University community, students, 
staH, faculty and ~ pouse . 

There is no University credit (0 units) for classe~. 
Registration is April 1st to April 5th , 8 am to 4:30. 

Fee Schedule 
UCSD students with current identification . . ... .... . 
. 515.00 
All others ......................... 517 .50 
The following is a list of classes oHered by the Crafts 

Center. 
NOINNlIIIO CEIlAMIC8: 

~ 
......., M....., 
..... d.w 

WN~ 
~ 
,...".." 

INTlIIMEDIATI CERAMICS 

Tueedrt 
Tueedrt 
Thundey 

ADVANCED CERAMIC. 

M ..... v 
M ..... v 

2 toIPM 
• to.M 
1 to 4ftM 
1 to 4PM 
7 to lOPM 
I to 12 noon 
2 to &PM 

• to 12 noon 
7to10PM 
7 to 10PM 

Ito.U-
7 to 10PM 

INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN CERAMICS 

TeA 

O.na. 
O.na. 
c. ...... 
Anneloro 
Anneloro 
Anneloro 
Anneloro 

c.rteon 
c. ...... 

An.-.o 

STAINED OLASS, THE TECHNIQUES OF WINDOW 

Tu"'v 

JEWELIIY 

7 to lOPM 

. :. to • .JOPM 

.,. to • .JOPM 

INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN JEWELRY 

TBA 

BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHY 

7 to " ... M 
7 to ' : ... M 

ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY 

. :. to lOPM 

.,. to lOPM 

Mo",!", 

B,.,. 
."Ir 
B .. I. 

H~""'nn 
H~m.nn 

H~""'nn 
H~monn 

INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN PHOTOGIIAPHY 
TBA H·ltm.nn 

CREATIVE COPPER ENAM ELING 
Tu •• day I to 'R.m Monfort 

INDEPENDENT STUDIES IN ENAM £lING 
TBA M on,ort 

f(idQ~ flick~ 

~ 
I 
I ) 

THE mARX BROS in 
HORSEFEATHERS 

7:30 & 10:15 pm 
2722 

SATURDAY 
SHOOT THE PIANO PLAYER 

BEDAZZLED 
USB 2722 7:30 $1.00 

Pap 8 Triton Times, Milrch 15, 1974 

A rt-Vark 

If all those hours in the 
library preparing to meet 
the impending doom of yet 
another finals week have 
brought on a bad case of 
the doldrums, here are a 
few nepenthes that just may 
help get you through. 

From the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego comes 
two lectures on Mexican 
Muralists. The first will be a 
talk by Rosalind Wholden 
Thomas on Orozco, the 
great Mexican painter. 

Thomas has promised to 
explore " the fierceness of 
Orozco's art, its tragedy, 
irony, and uncompromising 
passion ." This lecture will 
take place on March 13 at 
5:30 pm in the James S. 
Copley Auditorium . The 
second lecture, on Wed-
nesday March 30 at 5:30 
pm, given by Therese T. 
Whitcomb, will center on 
the late David Alfaro 
Siqueiros - the brill iant 
muralist. This will also take 
place in the Copley 
Auditorium . Single ad-
missions are available for 
those who do not have the 
muralist series tickets. 

If instead of hearing 
about art you might like to 
see some; there are two new 
exhibits opening . Today 
there is a preview reception 
from 7:30 to 9:30 for the 
Cali fornia-Hawaii Regional 
II Exhibition at the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego . One 
Hundred (100) works by 
practicing art;sts of the 
aforementioned states will 
be on display and even-
tually judged for the honor 
of a 5500 cash award . The 
exhibit will stay through 
April 21 . The gallery is open 
to the publi c Tuesday 

through Saturday, 10 am to 
5 pm; Sunday 12:30 to .5:00 
and is closed Monday. 

The second new exhibit 
consists of recent paintings 
and drawings by the im-
portant minimal artist, 
Robert Mangold. I n all of 
his works, there is an 
elimination of concern for 
content, space, and 
composition. The paintings 
consist of flat monochrome 
surfaces divided by thin 
I ines on geometrically 
shaped canvases . The 
drawings also employ 
geometric shapes such as 
circles and rectangles, but 
are produced with graphite 
instead of the vivid colors 
found in the paintings . The 
exhibit will be open to the 
public Saturday, March 23 
and will be on view through 
May 12 at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary 
Art. 

After all the hysteria of 
finals has died down, there 
is something everyone 
might enjoy. "b BilYildere", 
the famous Russian ballet 
bv choreographer Marius 
Petipa, will be presented in 
San Diego, April 5, b, and 7 
in a San Diego Ballet 
Company premiere . The 
ballet will be presented as 
part of the Company's 
"Spring Dance Festival " at 
the City College Theatre 
located on C Street between 
14th and 15th avenues. Also 
scheduled for the Festival 
will be "Sand Song" and 
" Ouveriltures CliilSsiques." 

Tickets, priced at 5.00 for 
adults and 4.00 for students, 
are on sa le via mail order to 
San Diego Ballet, P.O . Box 
82471 , San Diego , CA 
92138 . 

KPRI presents 
CONCERT ASSOCIATES and 

BRIAN LANE IN ASSOCIATION WITH 
MELODY MAKER PRESENTS 

SPECIAl. GUEST STAR 

daln SEBISTIII 
THURS. MARCH 217 30 

SAN DIEGO· .. --.= 
ROI'1'SAI'" 

Tickets: $5.50 In 1eI •• ncI I se. day 01 ,1Iow (ItlCl_, partill') 
Tickets ..... II.bl. It All lllllOInobIl', Man'. SIof .. , 

All Aren. Tlcklt Allncl .. , Sport, At ... Tic •• ' Offk:I. 
ror Infornllllon c.1I 2201·417&. 

Images_ ofWo 
"Movies are a form of art that 

helps you decide what kind of 
person to be, and it is dme that 
wo'men take a look at the 
limited choice of models the 
movies have presented to them;' 
says Martha Rosier, who will 

teach " Images of Women in 
Film" for UCSD Extension this 
spring. 

Extension is offering the series 
to the general public on ten 

THE MOST 

Tuesday evenings begi 
April 2 in the Hum 
Library Auditorium a 
Revelle Campus. 

Two or three films or 
of films will be shown 
Tuesday, and the class 
consider how the images 
screen reflect the soc I 
sensus of the period 
film was made, as well as 
they helped to maintain 

A prom" from 

BEA PICKELL 
EXPENSIVE HAIRCUT 

I"_n 
BUTYOUOETWHAT 

YOU PAY FORI 

-STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

haircut specialist 
270-3078 
454-1710 

Women Only Pi .... 

• 

• 

.... . 

photo by ArtI1ur T reIl 

in Film 
consensus . Ways that art , 
history and culture influenced 
the Images will be pointed out. 

The class will see several 
stereotypes from American and 
European productions, in-
cluding traditional figures , the 
bad woman, the social climber, 
m?ther's influence on daughter, 
spinsterhood, tamed and un -
tamed independent women, and 
women breaking barriers. 

Some of the stars featured in 
the course are Marlene Dietrich 
in Dlue Angel, Julie Harris in 
Member of the Wedding, Anne 
Bancroft in The Pumpkin bter, 
Dorothy McGuire in A Tree· 
Crows in Brooklyn and Anna 
Karina in Vivre Sil Vie, 

Please telephone the Ex-
tension registration office for 
information on enrollment: 453-
2000, extension 20b 1. 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOL'-A 

SaIl 1}iaJe. 1WW Ie. 
P __ "la~" 

Jillana, former principa l dancer of the New York City 
Ballet , and Thor Sutowski, acclaimed as one of the 
world's most notable male dancers, will be featured in 
San Diego Ballet Company's premiere performance of 
the famous Russian ballet " La 8i1Yildere". 

Only four performances have been scheduled during 
the Com(>any's Spring Dance Festival on April 5, 6 and 7 
at City College Theatre, according to Dame Sonia 
Arova, Director. 

Two other ballets will also be presented - " Sand 
Sonl", choreographed by Sutowski to music of Olivier 
Messia n and " Ouvertures Classiques" with 
choreography by Sutowski to music by Hector Berlioz. 

" Silnd Song" is a dance pi ece of neo-c lassic and 
modern movements in three major segments. Each 
segment or movement adds a different accent to the 
development of the choreography with relation to the 
whole ballet . Featured dancers include: Dianne Brace, 
Karen Schaefer, Susan Connor, Judith Emile, Denise 
Lewis, Anna Spelman, Kim Williams and Duncan 
Schute . 

"Ouvertures Classiques" featuring Jillana and Thor 
Sutowski is dedicated in memory of Harald Lander . Th is 
work, a tour de force of the c lassica l ball et vocabulary, 
has become one of the most popular ballets in the 
Company's repertoire. 

" Lil BilYildere", choreographed by Dame Sonia Arova 
after Marius Petipa, is pe·formed to the music of Leon 
Minkus. This Russian work called " 8i1'yaderka" (to use 
the Russian Title ) premiered in Russia in 1877 and was 
unknown in the Western World until it was performed 
by the Leningrad Kirov Ballet in a Gala Programme in 
London in 1%1. Critic John Martin, as wildly en-
thusiastic as the British ballet public, wrote 'W .hat a 
man this Petipa was" in the New York Times, "and why 
do we in the West know so few of his ballets?" he asked. 

Since " La Bilyadere" was first performed there have 
been many changes and deletions . Lev Ivanov, who 
later created Acts Two and Four of " Swan Lake", danced 
the role of SOlor, a warrior who has given his heart to 
Kikia, most beautiful of the " 8ayaderes" - or dancers of 
the Temple . The Rajah , however, has decreed that Solor 
shall marry hi s daughter, Gamzatti , and has Kikia killed 
by a snake. Solor, haunted by the spirit of Kikia , tri es to 
grasp her but she disappears. In his dreams, he sees the 
Kingdon of Shades through whi ch he wanders in search 
of his beloved. 

As he wanders in this " white ballet " in search of his 
beloved , he moves among a corps of extraordinarily 
beautiful "shadows" who all dance like nothing human, 
whi ch of course is in keepin~ with this Icvely theme. 

Performances are schedule for Friday, April 5 at 8 pm ; 
April 6 at 2:30 and 8:00 pm and April 7 - a special 
twilight performance - at 5:00 pm. 

Tickets, priced at 55.00 for adults & 54.00 for 
students, military and Senior Citizens (holding "go ld 
cards" ), are on sa le via mail order to San Diego Ballet , 
P.O . Box 82471, San Diego , CA 92138. 

f.,ytll preSellt8 

SAT. MIR.3 0 7:30 pm 
SAN DIEGO 

Theiltre: Irma La Douce Emily Grifionheart 
1 he Off-Broadway 

Theatre tried to bring the 
big time to San Diego with 
the op~ning of "Irma Lil 
Douce." Yes, it was meant 
to be a crowd pleaser, th is 
exasperating extravaganza, 
starring "exciting" Ruta Lee, 
direct from Hollywood. 

Miss Lee played an oo-Ia-
la streetwalker in Gay 
Paree . And it was just about 
that French, just about as 
French as the aging sets 
(were they borrowed from a 
loca l high school?) and 
Ruta Lee's " I drink milk" 
smile and girl -next-door 
characterization as Irma La 
Robust (she giggles, she 
romps, but has she ever 
even seen a streetwalker?) . 
So Miss Lee didn 't 
look/ act/ talk like a French 
whore ... but neither could 
she sing. 

Nor could John McCook. 
McCook played Irma's 

student 10vE'r HI' WilS Tom, 
Dick , Harry and the Lone 
Ranger all In one in his 
unintentional parody of the 
part as her protector from 
Sin . 

The four " mecs" (F 
slang : pimp), Terry Walker, 
John M . Moran, M ichael 
Graves and Ira Hawkins did 
have. good voices, Ira 
Hawkins in particular. The 
"Prison Cell," a song in Act 
II , made one wish they 
would forget the play and 
just sing . 

Two of the thirteen 
mem ber of th e cast 
reminded the audience that 
the play was French : 
Johnny La Motta,. play ing 
Irma's first "mec" and Bob 
Hechtman , playing the 
corrupt police inspector. 
Their accents were good 
and their characterizations 
were funny. 

Perhaps the only reason 

lor ,., lIn~ uut 1111 ,huudy 
production of thiS out -
dated play ( I mean. (>v(>n 
when It was funny It WcH 
st i ll really schmal tzy) was 
to see Jerry Clark. who 
played the bart t>nder and 
the narrator He knew how 
futile it all was, and his 
ability to ' si ng, act and 
capital ize on the corn was 
balm to one's boredom . 

The humor in the show 
w as tailored to meet the 
sophisti cation of the crowd 
black actor Ira Hawkins 
added a line to his part -
someth ing about a vacation 
in the sun and how he 
might enjoy getting brown 
(sic) . .. moving r ight 
along .. everyone liked the 
fag jokes ... c?nd strangely 
enough, the word "pen is" 
brought the house down 

The show lad a lot of 
problem' beLause of the 
scale of what it was at-
temptin g to do. Ten sets in 
the first act a lone, and 
sixteen musical numbers 
would be a challenge for 
any director. However, after 
sitt ing thro ugh the in -
term inable frolicking of 
Snow Wh ite and her dowdy 
dandies, one wished the 
horseplay could have been 
trimmed and the dance 
rout ines made more In-
teresti ng. (Perhaps Dee Ann 
Johnston's rout ines were 
kept si mple for a reason -
one of the " mecs" nearly 
dropped Irma in a number 
in the first act.) 

Doug Nye's five piece 
band was good . Why 
couldn't the cast have sung 
as well as the band played 1 

I can't recommend that 
you see " Irma La Douce," 
One assumes that the 
grandiose scale of the 
" really big shew" IS sup-
posed to compensate for 
the mediocri ty of the ac-
ting, but it never does, and 
one leaves with the emp-
tin ess of having eaten 
cotton ca ndy In an 
amusement park for about 
an hour too long. 

1974 

ucac BYM 
............. 

......... 
.... 

..... _ .... IW'~aa 



Concert Notes 

New York Dolls 

Thp Npw Ynrk I"lnlls arp roming to J. J'~ on Sunday 
March 17. 8:00 & 11 :00 pm . The Dolls are: Johnny 
Thunders. guitarist; Sylvain Sylvain. guitarist; Arthur 
Harold Kane. De.ss player; drummer Jerry Nolan; David 
Johansen. vocals . Aside from playing fantastic rock and 
roll, there's nothing especially different about these 
guys - except that they're dressed like the girl next door, 
or like five David Bowie's in one group. 

The Doobie Brothers headline a concert which 
features R.E.O . Speedwagon March 15 at the Sports 
Arena. 7:30 pm . Hailing form the Bay area. the Doobie 
Brothers currently have two big albums on the charts. 
"The (aptain and Me" plus "Toulouse Street". The 
Doobies are five disparate musicians who gell. and 
whether they are playing rock and roll or funky music. 
they put on an exciting. visual show. 

" Yes" returns to the San Diego Sports Arena . March 21 
at 7 :30 pm . Classically influenced. " Yes" combines 
modern technology with syrnphonic-I ike complexity . 
With Rick Wakeman and his barrage of keyboards. 
Steve Howe's incredible guitar work. and Jon Anderson's 
haunting vocals . the group combines electric theatrics 
with their intricate. precise music to create an exciting 
and dynamic show. 

Steely Dan will be performing at J j's. Saturday March 
23rd for two shows: 8:00 & 11 :00 pm . They are a unique 
rock and roll band : an unusual blend of experience. 
wisdom. boisterous energy. intelligence, and a cutting 
sense of humor. They say that their lyrics contain 
certain associations which they hope will "evoke in 
their listeners the sensation that they are remembering 
something they forgot a long time ago." To the group 
itself. everything comes down in the end to the music. 

Specially for their current tour. they've added three 
back-up singers to the group's regular five-man line uP. 
to guarantee they can produce the sounds they want in 
concert. 

Steely 
Yes 

Dan 

:i: 

ENTE~R 
. - . ... ".' 

Thfi is your key 10 unprecedented calculating 
capaci~ Only Hewlett-Packard offers it 
. It lets you "spea.k" to your ca.lculator with total consistency. because 
It lets you load data Into a 4-Reglster Stack. This means: (1) you always 
enter and process your data the same way, no matter what your problem; 
(2) ~ou don·t have to re-enter data; (3) you can see all intermediate data 
anytime. 

Our HP-45 is on~ of t~o pre-programmed scientific pocket-sized 
computer calculators With thiS key. That's one reason it's the most pow-
erful pre-programmed pocket-si zed scientific computer calculator. Here 
are three of many others : 

.1. It·.s pre-pr<?grammed to handle 44 arithmetic, trigonometric and 
log~nthmlc functIOns and data manipulation operations beyond the 
baSIC four (+. -, x, +). 

. 2. It lets you ~tere nine constants in its nine Addressable Memory 
Reg isters. and It g,IVes you a "Last X" Reg ister for error correction or 
mUltiple operations on the same number. 

. ~ ' . It d is pl.ay~ fP to 10 significant digits in either fixed-decimal or sCle~tlflc nota lion a d automatically positions the deCimal point through-
out Its 200-decad~ ange. 

Our HP·35 it tile other. It handles 22 functions has one Addressable 
Memory Register 3rid also displays up to 10 digits i~ ei ther fixed-decimal 
or scientific nota tion. It's the second most powerful pre.programmed 
pocket-sized scient if ic computer calcul'ltnr. 

. Beth of thes~ exceptional instruments are on display now. If you 're 
looking for unprEcedented calculating capaci ty for your money. by all 
means see and te3t, them. 

- Hewlett-Packard makes the most 
HEWLETT {!Ip] PACKARD adv.lnced pocket-sized computer 

- caIa....-s in the MWtd. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
UN IV OF CALlF·SAN DIEGO 
LA JOW CA 92037 
(714) 453·2000 11360 
CREDIT CARDS HONORED: BANKAMERICARD 

Pap 10 Triton Times, March 15. 1'74 

614109 

• ... 

-

Doobie Brothers 

, 

The Duke 
Comes to UCSD 

continued from page 7 

My Solitude". "Satin Doll". "Sophisticated Lady". 
"Caravan". and others . Blues. jazz. pop - the whole 
gamut. - but don't categorize! There are movie scores 
such as "Anatomy of a Murder". symphonic works: 
Shakespearean vignettes. and his beloved sacred 
concerts . There was even his score for American Ballet 
Theatre's The River (choreographed by Alvin Ailey) . 

The concert will be held in U .C.S.D.'s gymnasium at 
8:30 p.m .• April 6. Tickets for the event are available at 
the Urey Hall Box Office . U.C.S.D. students. 52.00. 
General Admission . $4.00. 

For information call 453-2000 Ext. 1391 . 

GUYS GALS 

ARE YOU HAVING PROBLEMS 

. WITH YOUR HAIR? 

The Beauty Room, where now 
only Toxlc·Acld Balanced HAIR 

Preparations are used for grooming 
and carIng for your hair & skin. 
Blow-cut styling, long or short 

hair a specialty. 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Purpose 
This page is the product and the sign of the increasing 

attention given the employment of UCSD student and 
graduates. Two student affairs offices -- Career Planning 
and Placement and Student Employment have decided 
to harmonize their efforts in the best interests of 
students. Student Employment (SEO) deals in student 
jobs that are part-time or for the summer between 
terms . Career Planning and Placement (CPP) is con-
cemed with the post-graduate (career) or full -time 
positions students need . CPP focuses on teaching 
students the proper way of thinking about employment 
beyond graduation - a process that is discussed in a 
different article on this page . 

Each week we are going to publish a full-page worth 
of information in the Triton .Times. Our goal is to equip 
the students of UCSD with essential information that 
will lead to their happy employment . The two words 
happy and employment all too often do not apply to 

SEO Off-Campus 
Employment 

dlctlltlon fl'Clm call1n. too... . 
t2.00 pe,/hrlli .... _ wk. 

SEO C OOIIIM Stan ... tv., .. t to 
worll with R_rch Alit.; .hr· 

NOTE: W. .re uol.,. • _ thnd. ~m; tV .... lOwRm • IlOO -
"'Imberlntll .......... To .,revent tIOI,(mo.ll"moo./fuN ~m •. 
conlu.lon. be .,.,.,..1 to u .. the SEO C _ Key"unch. .c· 
correct tettera .nd IIIlmber for. eu,.too with .veralll a..- -
lob when contHtl.,. ou, ~ h .. ry. t2.. hr./4 h,.. Mon. Thu",. 
To IIlultnrte: Fri.:'" hro. Sot. It Sun. 

IDENTIFIER SEO C _ E~'" tvpl.t 
.HSl .I. ... to type tl'Clf'l too.,. recorder .nd 

I. the Identifier for the flrat lob written dre"". .ccu,.too .l1li11l1li-
on the Hot below. An th ... 1IIft8. h .. ry .nd ..,hedull. .".ngod. 
the.am the ... nd the .... ,. SEa C 00G:l7 BIII.,.ual tv.,lIt. 
Important. If vou _nt further S.,.nloh _nil Englloh. Ihorthend In 
InlO(matlon. qu.llfleatlonl. 8 ....... h · s."ry t2.00/hr. 
loeatlon. etc .. oqme to ou' offlce. SEa C CIOO2I N_ oec_ry 
Bldll. 210 M.tthew8 ~m_ For with Ihonhend - h .. ry. _n/30 
the neat two WMko. _ will be In. _ wit. 
open only In t ...... moml_ Sqme SEO D OOOID Need oqmao ... to 
01 t ..... lobe..mey be filled bv the tutor boy • • g. 12, ... dlnll .nd 
lim. you _ to the office I_klnll HIItNw In p,..,.,.tlon 
althoughthey __ :Mhou", lor B.r Mltv.h S.llfY. 
prior to ...... lIoetIon In the Triton amlnved/twlce. w ..... 
T~m ... It 10 In vour beet 1_ to SEa D oao:rt N_ oqm ...... to 
hurry.nd •• o ...... lII.thelletl ..... ... d and wrlta __ on the .Ir; 

SEO B GII01I N .... 211 _II muothe".3rd ...... II_.nd.I' 
p ... ona to..,mov. toob.... f8C1cl. vole.· h .. ry, t2.lDIfull 0' """ 
etc. Into cliff. hotel roqme - tI ..... 
t2.&o/hr. SEO D 00012 0". ~"",-.... th 

SEO B GII011 N .... 2.."m- 0' c~m.,ut., .el.ne. , m.lo, 
with own truck to...m_ '-"v ",.,.".... tor OCIm"utJlr _tor 
I_m. fl'Clm C.I __ to En- with knowled", of , mini OCI"" 
clnl_ - ....". _....... flU"" - .... ".. .". ...... / ... n-

SEO B CIII018 .......... to _ tI .... ..,.... .... 
hoIml on d __ . t2.IO/hr. SEa D... N.........1a 

SEa B GII01I ~.. with UIIItant ~m director lor 
own truck t,m_ fumltu,. """" G ...... CIu .. In He ..... City; child 
Lo Jol .. to 3 on-OII_ III'" - dewIott- or recreetl ...... ....,..,. 
.... ry •• "........ reIetod .--......._ be con-

SEa B _ ...... J,. Ac· IIdered h .. ry '1t111£mo. to 
counflnt with 10·k.y .ddlnll 1It8rV3h,. . • v. 
m.chl,.. It dMk oaIoulltor .... . 8EO D OOOM .. oq ...... worll for 
lull II ..... ~mo. .IMtrlcal .nelnH,In. t,alnn •. 

SEO B CIOIII1 ~ for MI""" worll In eIectrIcIl _II>-
p • l.,m • n • n t • • • n • , • I """, . .... ry • ..... /hr.1I diva. 40 hou_1eenInI with _ _ - In. wit. 
t2.OII/h,. SEa D _ ........ for 'Q_ 

SEa C GOIZ2 Need typIet to tn. end Motion 81ucIy ..... nt lay out 

The Work Sheet 
one's job . Careful planning can and does imorove the 
possibility of fortuitous employment. 50 u~ this in-
formation to begin careful planning. 

Especially important is the roster of corporate and 
governmental recruiters who will be interviewing 
students on the campus. Please watch for these an-
nouncements . 

Many types of general interest information will be 
~nclu~ed; original articles concerning the economy; 
InterViews With key people working with regional 
employment; reprints -of articles concerning the 
economy. espeCial ly as it directly relates to em-
ployment; and in the " Employment Forum" section 
questions about employment sent to us by letter will be 

ans~ered and discussed. Our interest is to give you 
suffiCient background information to begin to un-
derstand t~e trends in employment locally. statewide 
and occaSionally nationally . 

Notices & Announcements 
with dell_ In M..,h. Enll .• Indu •. 
Enll. or 'X".,. In Indul. T..,h - full 
~me' .. "ry. open. 

SEO E 001. HouMCI .. nlnll · 
mUlt be ,v.l .. b ... t dinner time -
ROCIm It bOlrd. 

8EO E CIOO3I • E 00014 Verlety of 
child c" •. · hou .. k •• "lnll. 
hou •• cl •• nlnll. cooklnll Ind 
bebvolttlng lobe 1".I .. ble. SEOF_ Two-th __ I. 
to t.I • .,hone cult~me,. IX-
.,"Inlnll "roduc1a . noo It/hr.I'" 
ilm. SEa F _ IkImao". to .oam 
bookk_ with ...... rI • ...,. or 
oqm. knowledlle of bookkMPlng 
. t2.00/hr. 

SE~ F 00017 Door to Door 
.c...,.,.,. volum-. for Ou_ch 

PrOll~m In PB. MB. It DB. 
SE~ F'- Phv.lcally fit 

".,.on with wlld.rn... .x-
., .. I.nc. for , mount.ln ... lng 
........ ntoothte oqm. t .. chl.,. . 
hllry . ........... beneftta. 

SEa F'- An otudentoo to do 
I.vout. with .x., .. lenc. In 

c~lItm .. lc.1 I.vout.; occ ... 
"ho_ It IIlIht typI.,. - t2.00. 
tz.IOIhr.l240mll deva ..... wit. 

SEa F OOIIJII Sc!meo... for 
.......... _1.,. & IIttht ",relenl.,. -
t2.CIOIhr./4 In. IV. 2 wile. 

lEO f.,. a-.I-",,,,,, 
for'" gIrto 11'1" & -' to ,,_ 
Iclothed. for ." ..... - t3.ao. 
M.CIOIh'.112 .... _ wit. 

SEa f CIDII72 Two IttrIc1Ive II 
.,.,.on.bl. .,.,eon. to direct 
........... & ._ quentOM . 
.... ry a hou,. I".need. 

lEO f CIDII72 c-..te. _ 21 
v,... to work .e ,..Id.ntlll 

~ In "If. hc!tM: "-
, meI__ _., u.n.1IY It 

t~m..m .. tlnll' . t3IiII.(mo. & /tm. 
& b,d.lh",. v,ry. 

SEe F 00074 Wrlt .. ·.dltor lor 
qUlrt .. ly S.n Diego .port. 
"ublleatlon - .... ry. TBA. 

SEO F OOOJI S.lt;motl".ted. 
Pol. ScI.. Econ. M.th. Pub. Ad-

,mIn .. or Bu." m'lor lor Aqmln. 
Intern to do ,....rch on IIOY. 
depb. It bud,,1ta t3.liO/hr. 
gr.du.te Or U .OO/hr. un· 
derered.12O hl'tl. ... , wk. 

SEO F 0007e NHd j ... bend -
.... ry .• ".nll"'/~ nlghtalli h ... 
... ' night. 

SEO F 0III1T1 NHd t..m.1e It 2 
..... 1. hMd counallo .. ; II .. nlor 
cou ..... OrtI; 1 nu",.: .. 1 nutrition 
...... for lII(oqm .. . ... ". It h ... 
very. 

SEO F 0007e M.rrled cou,,1e to 
IIv. In .. _Id.nt..m.neg .... t 3 
.pt. bid", ...... ry. negotiable. 

SEO F...". S",nl.h tutor 
MId ... . prefer ... tlv. _mIn 
I_k_ - .. lary & h ... TBA. 

SEO 0.., St .... cleaning .nd 
window wHIII.,. . t2.00/h,.I1-2 
diY' ..... wk. 

SEa 0 00011 .. rvIce .nd 
,meI_nc. of jute. dlopenaar -
.. lery. • ... .,. .... 

SEa 0 001II2 0 .......... / __ 1 
"I.nt c... • nO·'3Ol.mo. 0' 
negotlllb1a/1.2 4\ ..... _ wit. 

SEa 0 OOIIM Oard_ - toolo 
.upplled,~. "refenecI • 
.. lery It oc ....... la •• ". ....... SEa G _ Two ltudemo to 
"ut UP • owl.,. "' .. bk. old _ 
down· t2.00/h, . 

SEO 0 DOOI7 O.rde.-
t2.00/hr.l4 hro. _ wit. 

sEa 000117 l'hrM"ooItI_lor 
In.t.lllni "oly.at.. fllm on 
wlnd_; '-"v WOIIl. wlU be 

Students often hear many words or namps for ('111 -
ployment . Work-study. Internships. summer ,oos. part -
tlme jobs. career jobs, etc . can name working situation~ 
These titles are usually more meaningful to ad-
ministrators than students . We will try in the coming 
weeks to discuss in depth the various types of em-
ployment . 

We have been concerned that many students are 
unaware of the part- and full -time job openings l istPd 
with either SEO or CPP. Therefore. we are puplishing a 
complete li st ing of part-time and summertim off-
campus positions and a selection of full -time (ca reer) 
positions. Why we are omitting part-time lobs on 
campus wi ll be discussed elsewhere on this page If you 
are searching for a lob. do not be Without a copy of the 
Triton Times each week . 

There are many other important a nnouncem('iit~ that 
often go overlooked so we will try to highlight th se In a 
special section 

treln.d. cov ... II, lurnl.h.d . 
'2.IIO-t3.00/hr. 

SEO H 001II2 N .. d cl.... It 
otore; will tnol",mu.t b. bondlbl. 
- t2. 15/hr. to .toortl1'1i!m,""m. 

SEa H 00013 Sc!m.o". to .. II 
Web" ... Stuent Hndboko. -
.uJOO for l" moe./III(IOIm ... 

SEO H OOIJM NHd ... ",on to eell 
c.nd.llbr .. for privet. Indlvldu.1 
. "'.". I ... nged. hra. fI.xlbl • . lull 
or ptlrt-tlm-. SEa H _ NHd r .. 1 .. bt. 
..I ..... raon .nd flnenc .. 1 con-
.uhllnta . ..lary .".ng.... hl'tl. 
II •• lb .. . lull or ... n-tlm • . 

SEO H'- NHd .".r",tlc 
... 0,,1e t",m.k •• ppol",m.nb lor 
..I .. ,.1I_tatl .... - t2.III/hr. & 
bonu./2-t:3OQm or 4:3G-lgm. 

SEO H 00017 NHd .ctvertlolng 
.. I.. ...,.on . 30 _c.nt oqrn. 
million/own hl'tl. 

SE~ H'- NHd pan-tjm. 
counter ..... on · t2.00/h,./1·2 cIov' 
p., wk.; 11-511m 0' Igm. 

SEO 1"- Need two 
hoat_/ea.hl.", . t1 .lII/hr./Fri. 5-
Igm; Sit. 11.t!m~m & 5-lgm; 
Sun. 11.t!m·3I!m It 5-lgm. 

SEO I 00100 N_. ...ople • 
counte, gl .... bull boya. It kitchen . 
helll - .... ". It ochedula ...... ble. 

SEO I 00101 N_ d .. _ •• her; 
.lao 111...,.1 kitchen clean up . 
t2.00fhr.12:JO.I:3O 11m . 

SEO I CI01G2 Need experienced 
w.I_ · '1 .• It tlpoITu_FrI. 5-
111m. 

SEa I 00103 Need two 
weI_ .......... ke hIImbu ..... 
.. ndwlch... ..I.d.. Itc. 

SEO J 00114 N .. d oqmpanlon 
lor .Id.rly . .. m~crlppled _man; 
no houe_orlt; d.".ndlbl • . room 
& board Iprl"." rOClm & 
bathl/ll".In. 

SEO J 00115 Pe",on. pr.f.",bly 
,.m .... to live In, do cooking & 
lI"ht hou_orlt for elderlv IedV . 
ROCIm & bOll,d & ta per wk. 

SEa J 001,. H.lp W<!man with 
mlklnll brllkl •• t It light 
hou_o'" . t2.001 hr./9 .m·noon 
every d.y. 

SEa K _ Th ... p_l. with 
",,,.1 truck & c.llf. drlv.", 
IIcln.. to deliver f,..l.", and 
food orde .. - .2.00/hr. to .t.r-
tI.venlng •. 

SEO K 00081 O.lIv .. 
_ ...... ,. . ... "er rout .. Cw.lk. 
ride blkel .nd e., ,00_ 11. V". 
with car & 1 .... 1· t2IiO-~mo. c.r 
rt. / 1Oc ..... cu.tqm., p.p., rt. 

SEO K 000lO DrI". ...",on 
around - p,ovIde own c.r - .. I.ry 
It .checlule . • rrangod. 
CP &P Services 

Full-time 
Positions 

NOTE: w. .... uling • new 
"'Imberlng ,.,.,.,.. To " ..... nt 
cont ......... be careful to u .. the 
correct Iettero .nd "'(mber lor. 
lob wllln cClntllC1l.,. thIo oftlce. 
To 1l1uotnota: 

ID£NDHER 
CI'P~ 

.1 .• /h,.II:JQ ilm . 12.m. I. the Identifier for the first Job 
SEa I 0014M 0 ..... 1.... for ,. on the llet below. All .... an 
w'"'- - .....-tenced In Trey "'(mbe,..ndlett..-o.ra.lm,,_m. 
....tcel-1.71/hr. " tI.... If YOU want further Intll(mlltlon 

SEO I 001. Need clio........... obout .ny of tt.. lobo . ....... 
fo, r .. flurlnt .. I.ry. oqme to c:- P"nnl... .. 
.mllItIICI/............ PIecMlmem. CIII Ha.. Bulldl.,.. 

8EO I 00101 Need wattr..· Mul,. The pWItIone Iet8d "-' ... 
'1.71/hr.l1-2 ...... c1eva11·2 do.,. only. ~m"'", of "'- cu..-tly 
~ ____________________________________________ , on ...... end. IIo1M It CI'P. Many of ""-"' 

81!0 I 001J7 T .... -..I .... for _'" ... of ... o .... -'*'- In 
".,.on. to bu. t.bl.. In the field . 0tMn0 _I,. con-
ninaU,.nt; ..... hMvy work; .ld.,.bIV I .... ~m.tlm.. no 

Student Employment at portunities to get work 
UCSD is beginning a new experience that will help 
era . Recently. funds were students find full -time 
granted to employ a full- em p loy m e' n t u po n 
time coordinator for off- graduation . This area is now 
campus employment . This getting increased attention 
position is responsible for from the UCSD ad-
aggressively developing job ministration . 
opport un iti es for UCS D The students of UCSD 
students. With this staff must playa central role in 
person it is hoped that the development of off-
UCSD can become far more campus employment. SEO 
competitive with the other needs to know in what 
San Diego institutions of kinds of positions students 
higher education in have an interest and an 
reaching out into the ability to work . The 
community for part-time development of em-
and summer positions. At ployment opportunities can 
this time San Diego State· take place in these areas of 
University dominates the student demand. In this 
local student employment way development of sur-
scene. To fill this position, pluses of unwanted jobs or 
Associate Dean Eric shortages of wanted jobs 
Martinez has joined may be avoided. Using a 
Director Judy Manternach code book of job interests, 
and the staff of Student students who register their 
Employment to assume the job interest preferences 
responsibility for off- with us will be eligible to 
campus employment . A receive a notice in the 
statement by Mr. Martinez mail when a job in their 
regardi ng off-campus Interest an!a comes into the 
employment follows. SEQ office. Going by date 

Student Employment is of of application, we will 
obvious importance to notify the five students on 
those students with in- the top of the list in each 
s u ff i c i en t fin a n cia I preference area . Every 
assistance to attend UCSD. UCSD student who wants 
Whether the source of employment. part-time or 
financial support is from summertime, should visit 
parents or from UCSD's . the Student Employment 
Financial Aids Office.1 Office, Blda. 210 Matthews 
increaSing numbers of Campus.atthebeginningof 
students find themselves in the spring term to complete 
need of supplementing the new forms used to 
their income by working. Kat her your job interests 
Part-time and summertime and abilities. information 
jobs are also the op- which is critical for our new 

push for off-campus em-
ployment . 

CHANGES 
As you might expect. 

such a new program will 
bring necessary change ir. 
the Student Employment 
Office procedures. It is to 
accomplish these changes 
that the Student Em-
ployment Office will be 
~ in the afternoons 
~ing Monday. March 
18. at 12:30 p.m . Each day, 
March 10 to March 29, the 
office will be open from 8 
a .m . until 12:30 p .m. 
However. if a student has 
urgent business and must 
see a staff member in the 
afternoon. an appointment 
may be made by calling ext. 
1936. Please help us ready 
ourselves for the spring 
quarter by conducting your 
business with us in the 
morning. Beginning April 1, 
the fint day of the spring 
quarter. our office will 
resume normal office hours. 

TRITON TIMES 
Another change in 

Student Employment 
operations is the use of a 
page in the Triton Times 
each week to exhibit the 
employment opportunities 
available at our office. 
Heretofore. students 
seeking employment could 
only come into the office 
and read the jobs posted on 
the walls That y tem 
biases in favor of student 
who have the opportunity 

to keep checking the walls . 
Those who do. repeatedly 
check the posted listing and 
usually find jobs. Those 
students only occasionally 
checking have to be lucky 
to be present when a job is 
posted . 

During the spring term 
SEO will publish its off-
campus job listings on a 
page of the Triton Times 
once each week as a service 
to students unable to come 
by our office . Un-
fortunately. on-campus jobs 
continued on page 15 

&.pIopIent Fe ... : 
QustiII. & AItMa 

• 

mUlt be 21 Vl'tl. - '1 .~/hr. It ....... et .IL 
ikooI2-ful4\ .... : 1·wIt .... a ....,. D ...... .,tI_ of .......... In 

SEa J CI01G7 Need .....- to _hi.,.. COlI ..... .,.. .nd ad-
do I,.,..,., ahoppI.,.. waahing. ,mlnlatretlon In the fI.ld of 
etc. for.nott.rIndlvldueV,..... ....... "'tlon _ not Included In 
boerd/hro. ,....,... 1'-l1l1I .... but _ ......... for 

SEa J.. P_ to help ... __ It c:- .... nnl.,.. 
...tat with ........,.,. ...... 1.,.. It CPI'-1OO7 Ai, I'ollutlon 
tMCII.,. "" .... n who Ilea hid EngI-. BAlE.,.. w/_ .,... of 
atrok. - '1.111/hr.12 .... _ day; p,of ... lo ... 1 .nll. .x.,.,I.nc.; 
Mon-Fri. County of RIvwIIde 11I1vwIIde. 

SEa J ilia O ... ...-.on to help CI'I'·1010 1'.... C.nter 
with eIderty crippled lady. ...... Director; Ed'_tIoneI ____ 
.... m.I. . .. I.ry .. .ehedul. ohould be dINctI¥ ""-' to non-
.......... violent aoIutIon to '''-Il0l_ 

110 J 00110 N .... , mecIIceI conflict; 8ec"-manto I'Me. 
.Hend.nt; .t,on. with quIck C- 1810....-1 
rHetlon., ... 1. to drt". CPI'·101" 
atlwtlendll-.JO ... · l:IOilm Sat. En.ln •• 'ln.·II .... 'oll • 
a 8un. . D .... I~m.nt; .A/ME. ....th. 

110 J.,,, ...-.. to do .,."... .... 0I11oe;~ 
hou •• kM.,ln., fiJI , "' ..... do DhIoIon of i'liioo ford C_ 
..... torlfMllld ... • t1.11 hr' C~ ...... Ca.1 
.. to etartl1·7:JO.,n ". ... ,... CI'P.1.. .-- A4m1n.: 
... aAll--.: ~ DIvIo6on 

81!0 J.,12 G .... or _ of I'hIoo Ford C_ 1"_'" 
II .. men wtth I"oowllll.. of ...... CL. 
nutrition for eool"n.. 1I.1It CI'P.u I ......... Hy ...... ' 
"DUHk_ln.. IIv.I" If vou .......... ,..-.; IIAI_ ,..,..... 
..... ,_ . t2.IIIhr./DeI Mer . ..........,orBAl ... _ .'1.'" 

8I!0 J "'" C- tor .............. or .............. , III 
~ • lIoqm • ~... u.,.re.- nee .... "; ca .... ,.1 

The staff of Career 1IIl- lie .... In ....e- Dy",mlc. Con"al, dlv. Ca.n 
Plann ing and Placement continued on pale 15 
and the staff of Student .. ~;:====_=-=--= __ ===_=====I 
Employment invite students 
to ask questions concerning 
career. part-time or summer 
employment. Send the 
questions to "Employment 
Forum" c/o Eric Martinez, 
Bldg , 215 Matthews 
Campus . Many students 
have the same fears and 
curiosities about job 
hunting and career plan-
ning. We hope to use the 
letters to "EMPLOYMENT 
FORUM" to demonstrate 
these common concerns as 
well as to inform the 
general public. Do not 
hesi tate Help u to begin 
thiS olumn . Write LI S 
today 

EXECUTIVES WANTED 
Unlimited oppoltunities for you", men and women in 
Southern California's most dynamic retail orpniz~ion. 
WON with top pros in the field, travel here and abroad; 
enjoy liberal benefits in fut-pa.~ed, non-routine 
business. We are looking for people who like a com-
-petitive environment, can solve problems. and who 
aBlressively _k early responsibility No experience ' 
necessary. Appy to 

~~ I 
Recrui!ing on campus April 10, 1974. Your Career 
PlanninA & Placement Office has other information and 
can sian you up for an interview. 

Page 11 Triton Times. Ma,ch 15, 1974 

.' 



First Team Wins 

Ruggers Split With I~e Coast 
1M News 

Quarter Wrapup 
Congratulations go out to as follows : Softball, Friday 

Margret and her Cosmic April 5 (3 p.m. for men's 
Giggle teammates; who and 4 p.m. for coed); 
won the coed Basketball Volleyball, Wednesday 
Championship . The pee April 10, 3 p.m .; Tennis, 
wee and men's Champions Thursday April 11, 4 p.m .; 
will be crowned th is Hockey, Friday' April 12, 5 
weekend. p .m ., and Water Polo, 

Tip-off time for the pee Friday April 12, 4 p.m. Be 
wee game, Shoela~es vs. sure to send a team 
Intercourts, is 2 p .m. representative to the 
tomorrow, and for the' meeting if you want an 
men's game, Bang Cangers agreeable schedul~. 
vs. On, 4 p.m. Sunday. Two changes have been 

The Soccer playoffs will made effective April 1: I) 
be held next quarter with Some of the softball games 
Bookends, Chargers, will be played on a new 
Pegasus and Kickbacks field located next to the 
battling it out for a trip to trac.k on Matthews Campus, 
the All-Cal Intramural , and 2) a new forfeit policy 
Tournament to be held at will become effective. 
UC Santa Cruz. 

The AII<:al Tournament The new forfeit policy 
will be Friday through was instituted because the 
Saturday, May 10 and 11. department does not have 
Other sports included in enc:>u.gh money .to pay the 
this weekend will be coed offiCials for dOing nothing 
Softball, coed Tennis, coed (officials are paid whether 
Volleyball and coed or not they actually of-
Racquet Ball . Our ficiate the game, if they 
representatives wi II be were assigned to officiate 
chosen from double the game). 
elimination tournaments 
that will be held next 
quarter. Only un -
dergraduate and graduate 
students are eligible to 
participate. ' 

Next quarter's activities 
will be softball (men's and 
coed), I nnertube Water 
Polo, mixed doubles in 
Tennis, coed Volleyball and 
possibly a coed version of 
Indoor Floor Hockey. The 
1M Department will also be 
sponsoring tournaments in 
volleyball, badminton and 
whatever else you might 
like. 

Sign-ups start the first 
week of school for softball , 
and the second week for 
volleyball, waterpolo and 
hockey. Captain's meetings 

To generate additional 
funds, any team that for-
feits must pay the officials' 
salary of S3 .00 per official 
per game (usually two 
officials are used, except for 
volleyball) at the rec gym 
office or be dropped from 
~he league. 

The 1M department feels 
that the money should be 
spent on the students who 
want to play and always 
show up. Due to tight 
money, the department 
may not be able to afford 
two umpires for the men's 
softball games, but 
hopefully with this new 
policy, the monetary 
crunch will not be in-

Ie. 

by Johnno SUiaht 
was surrounded, 

Rugers of all, sizes and 
shapes. Little Rugers, big 
ruuers, male, female, in 
between, black, white , 
Sorid hordes of bearded 
barbarians and banal 
banshees. I thought that I 
was dreaming, but the 
reality of the moment 
couldn't be denied. The 
rugby tribe had g~~hered to 
travel North to do battle 
with nameless demons and 
ridiculous foes . 

The first team was 
challenged by the ex-
perienced I rvine Coast 
Puffs. After Dancing Lance 
drove the evil spirits from 
the field, the game com-
menced with a line-out here 
and a line-out there, here a 
scrum, there a scrum , 
everywhere a loose-ruck. 
The forwards gave UCSD a 
strong advantage . With 
Rugger-Dugger at 8-man, 
Stubbstrupp at scrum-half, 
and an experienced set of 
props and locks, the Triton 
serum were a silent sight to 
behold. The Forwards were 
fortified by Cidric 
Macintosh, a stout-hearted 
bloke from South Africa. 

Land-aaoshen, the game 
was excitingly intense. The 
Puffs scored twice before 
the Tritons could penetrate 
their defense. Irvine Coast 
missed both conversions 
giving them an 8-0 lead. lust 
before half, Mark Lewhew 
blasted down the sidelines 
35 yards for the try. Peter 
Sertic proceeded to make 
one of the most amazing 
side-line conversions of the 
year. Working with the 
most difficult possible 
angle, Von lezzeraine 
booted a beautiful kick, and 
immediately experienced 
instant elation . The half-
time score stood at 8~ with 
the Puffs maintaining a 
slight lead. 

The battle raged on, 
determination plus . UCSD 
moved slowly down the 

SQUAWYALLEY USA 

Pa~ 12 Triton Times, Miuch 15, 1974 

field, but were unable. to 
break thru the Puff defense. 
Suddenly Sertic ascerted his 
unique talent and removed 
his clothes. While the Puffs 
were stunned into action, 
he popped in a sensational 
drop-kick, giving the Tritons 
a 9-8 victory. Actually, 
Sertic never removed his 
clothes, but the kick was 
sensational anyway. The 
game was well-played, with 
both sides putting out good 
rugby. 

The seconds game was 
equally exciting. The play 
was a bit raaged but what 
was lacking in technique 
was made up for in en-
thusiasm. The score see-
sawed back and forth and 
scores came frequently . 
Both teams drove their 
offenses well, but had 
difficulty in setting up 
defensive alignments. Mark 
Lewhew, playing his second 
game of the day, scored the 
most spectacular try of the 
game. Mark broke free from 
the pack and carried the 
rugball down field 10 yards. 
Cleverly keeping the ball in 
play, he dribbled down the 
side-lines, regained the ball , 
and sprinted another 25 
yards for the try. The lead 
changed several times. The 
Puffs won the squeaker 26 
to 24. 

Both games were ex-
cellant examples of good 
rugby, as it should be 

played: a lot of fun, ex- I, )ohnno, am going to 
citement, gentlemanly split spring quarter so this is 
conduct and a little bit my last article. I'd like to 
crazy. express thanks from all the 

Rugby season is almost rugby tribe to Peter 
over. On Saturday, the Dragutin ' Van lezzeraine 
seconds play at UCSD 5ertic. Blushing Peter is the 
against an, as yet, un- moving force behind the 
determined opponent. Next ruaby team at UCSD and 
quarter the Tritons have our rugby prosram couldn't 
one game scheduled and do without that rowdy 
the giant and rowdy UCSB rascal. Thanks a lot Peter 
tournament . and Happy 31st birthday. 

Women's BB Team 
Trounces Palomar 

In keeping with their 
winning tradition the UCSD 
Women's Basketball team 
out shot Palomar 53-44 last 
Tuesday. 

The Tritons started out 
fast, scoring five points in 
the first 30 seconds. They 
maintained the lead 
throughout the game due to 
many fine defensive plays . 

Sioux Amaral led the way 
with several interceptions 
and steals. The rest of the 
team worked effectively 
together in preventing 
Palomar from getting many 
scoring opportun ities. 

Although the defense is 
the team's strong suit, they 
should not be neglected 

offenSively. Allison Chin 
and Judy Lower have stood 
out offenSively for the 
Tritons, leading the team in 
scoring. 

The Tritons led Palomar 
at the half by 33-17, but 
allowed Palomar to narrow 
the gap in the final quarter. 
During the last several 
minutes the Triton defense 
stiffened and thwarted the 
Palomar comeback . 

The win extended the 
team's winning streak to six 
games and improved their 
record to 10-2 with the on Iy 
loses being to a tough 
Riverside team and a close 
two point loss to San Diego 
State. 

WHAT'S 
25c 

WORTH 
TO YOU? 

How about a bus ride to Sea World? Balboa Park and the Zoo? 
Across the Coronado Bridge? Or anywhere in San Diego 

for that matter. It's all only 25" including any transfer. For two 
bits these days, that's not bad! 

F ... 1de ,.... ........... alii: 

239·8161 
SAN DIEGO TRANSIT 

We're going our way 

Why Cunningham 
Is New Cage Coach 

Last week the Depart-
ment of Physical Education 
an nounced that Barry 
Cu nningham would be 
replaCi ng Bill Reeves as 
coach of the basketball 
team . At that time no real 
reason was apparent as to 
why the change was made. 

From the original an-
nouncement it seemed that 
Reeves may have been 
released form his duties due 
to dissatisfaction with his 
performance. Not so , 
acc ording to Act ing 
Atheletic Director Frank 
Vitale . 

Vitale explained that it 
was departmental policy to 
give any coaching job to 
members of the PE 
Department if they wanted 
to coach . Since Cun -
ningham is a member of the 
staff , while Reeves is on the 
staff at Mesa IC, Cun-
ningham is taking over the 
coaching duties because he 
requested the assignment. 

•••• 
The Triton Times 

Sports Staff offers Its 
congratulati ons to the 
two streakers who, quite 
Inadvertantly, set the' 
world Intereolleglate 
streaking record for the 
highest ratio of spec-
tators to streakers (1500 
spectators to two 
streakers). We Just hope 
that this high spectator to 
participant ratio trend will 
continue at other UCSD 
sporting events. 

Barry Cunningham, the 
new coach is pleased to be 
back in the coaching ranks . 
He was the basketball 
coach here at UCSD for the 
three years prior to the two 
year ten ure that Reeves 
had. 

Cunningham resigned 
from the coaching job two 
years ago due to a dif-
ference in philosophy 
between himself and the 
low key emphasis on 
athleti cs that was imposed 
by a student referendum 
that forb id all athletic 
scholarships and abolished 
the football team. 

In the past t~'o years 
Cunningham says he has 
taken a good look at his 
own philosophies and has 
established goals for 
himself that are more in line 
with the athletic 
philosophy here at UCSD. 
With the coaching job, 
Cunningham hopes to take 
a more active role in the 
department. 

Bill Reeves was disap-
pointed at being relieved of 
the coaching duties. He 
said that he had 
thoroughly enjoyed 
coaching the basketball 
squad, especially working 
with the individual players. 
He also said that he was in 
an unfortuante situation in 
that he was able to be at 
UCSD for only 2-3 hours a 
day and that it wasn't 
enough to have .the real 
close contact with the 
players that he felt was 
necessary for a coach to 
have. 

Spec .. lltuclent "DllOOUntld" 
Auto In ... .... 

For au.l1 .... 1 ......... 

~ ••• 'u ........ ~'" 
--11. ..... ' ,,_ ~ DfM"' .... .., ......... 1-""...-

....... , I ... T", 

COLLEGE S1UDENT . 
INSURANCE SERVICE 

_~I •• a.'I' •• ' .... 

Two Exhibition Reeves Praised 
Matches F ealure 
Women Spikers II ' UNTITLED VII 
Sunday night " a 

volleyball spectacular will 
take place In our own 
UCSD gym, as two 
exhibition games of 
power volleyball will pit 
the small but fast UCSD 
Volleyball team . I a 
rematch with the giants of 
OMBAC (Old Mission Bay 
Athletic Club) at 6 p.m . 
and the LA Renegades, a 
top US women's team, 
playing the Korean 
National Women's Team 
at 8 p.m. 

This International 
volleyball match Is part of 
three such matches that 
will be played In the 
Southern California area. 
March 14, Wilt Cham-
berlain's Little Dippers, 
another highly rated 
women's team will take 
on the Korean women In a 
game that will be played 
at CSU Fullerton. 
. The next day, the 
Korean and Japanese 
Women's Teams will 
square off In a renewal of 
their Olympic rivalry at 
Pauley Pavilion . The 
preliminary match will 
feature UCLA as a host to 
UC Santa Barbara, In a 
match that could 
determine which team will 
go the NCAA Volleyball 
Championships. 

Tickets for the game 
Sunday night are $4 for 
reserved seats and $2 for 
general admission , and 
are available at the Urey 
Hall Box Office. All 
proceeds will be used to 
fund the US Olympic 
Volleyball Team in its 
quest for a medal in the 
1976 Olympics. 

by Mark Liska 

It was Just a small little 
blurb In the Loa Angel .. 
Tim •• but It was enough 
to put a pallor of despair 
on my entire day. For 
some reason or other, I 
have been a follower of 
the UCSD basketball team 
ever since my journey to 
maturity began here at 
this fine learning in-
stitution over two years 
ago. I regularly attend the 
home games and follow 
their exploits with a 
relatively large (relative 
compared to most all of 
the thinking machines on 
this campus) amount of 
enthusiasm . Anywar - the 
short blurb was enough to 
make me think about 
patronizing tl1e tennis 
team next year or perhap 
transferlng to UC 
Riverside or UC Simta 
Cruz. Simply stated, the 
paper said that Barry 
Cunningham was 
replacing Bill Reeves as 
head basketball coach 
here at UCSD. Perhaps It 
would be better to begin 
this soliloquy by 
describing the basketball 
coaching situation here at 
this fine school of ours. 

Coaching basketball (or 
any sport) here at UCSD Is 
like trying to find gasoline 
on Sundays or trying to 

. preach CathOlicism In Tel 
Aviv - IMPOSSIBLE. The 
coach Is confronting a sea 
of apathy from the 
students for his first 
problem . It's somewhat 
the same feeling a teacher 
gets here at Revelle when 

Sports This Week 
DAY 

Fri 

Set 

Sun 

SPORT OPPONENT LOCATION TIME 

........ 11 PIICIt1c Chrtetlan O'-n.ond 3:30 itm 

M.,.'a T.n .... USD Muir CtL 2itm 
BaMbell Biola (doub ...... der) 0llilmond noon . 
Ru,by I I'ctm_1 Muir Fld 1:30 -tim 
Ru,by II cau Dqmllltluea Muir Fld noon 
Ru,by III 1lcIm_1I Muir Fld 3itm 

VoI"ybell OMBAC (Exhibition) M.ID Gwm 
K_n .... LA 
R._ .... (WOm ... ) M.ln GIIm 

Leorn to Sky 50i I 
'n ...,. "'" ' •• a .... ,.' only ... _ '-" ... .... 
............ all, If yau wIafI ... _ ...... of _ 

~ _ lIlY IaIII 

lIlY 111,,"- ....... Wa _I Ita fwftlly funl a.-t\ hew 
__ - fro", ............. ,. ........ 1naIrUII-.1 
"-PIItM of .... "'- .. the ....- Sk., ..... na 
....... 1" "" C_ty ............... _nt "11mItecII c .. 
newt 

'or _ ... ,CtnMtIon an A-.ica' ........ l!rowIna •• 
--" 

0101 '},q7 -1218 Now! 
""' ... N_'orV_W .... EncI~ 

,_ ....... of .... 0IaI0. ".0 . • 0. 111722 ..... 0 .... 
lit. 

litm 

litm 

75 percent of his class is 
sleeping through the 
entire lecture. 

The lack of players at 
practice is another 
problem to contend with. 
The coach doesn't know 
which players are going to 
show up to which practice 
on which given day. It's 
kind of like musical 
basketball players . Rumor 
has It that the startl ng five 

'didn't even know what 
each other looked like 
until the third week into 
the practice season . This 
is nobody's fault of 
course . Most coaches 
around here have become 
accustomed to not seeing 
their players during the 
fifth and sixth week of the 
quarters and NEVER 
schedule any competition 
during those days. They 
can't afford to, simply 
because the players can't 
afford to go. The 
professors here at UCSD, 
Instead of trying to help 
out players out for a team , 
don't treat them with any 
favoritism at all . 

These problems 
combined make coaching 
here at UCSD Impossible, 
yet Bill Reeves managed 
to make the team very 
respectable. This year the 
team finished 14-12 
against a league which is 
constantly Improving. 
They were only four 
points away from 
finishing first In their 
division. And this was 
done with a team that was 
not yet mature, since It 
usually requires about 
three years with a new 

coach before the team 
begins to gel . Their 
biggest problem seemed 
to be inconsistency, 
probably since they had 
not played together 
before , 'three of the 
regu lats were tran-
sfers , two of the team's 
other players were JV 
players last year and the 
rest , only two starters, 
played varsity last year. 
Reeves managed 
somehow to make the 
team respectable by 
luring athletes of the 
caliber of George Calhoun 
and Joe Coit to th is 
program , despite the 
problems confronted in 
teams with no scholar-
ships and the poor 
support the basketball 
program receives. 

, 

The tribute to Reeve's 
coaching ability that 
stays with me Is a game 
against USIU early In the 
year, the only game they 
had lost for their first 19 
games. The coach was 
forced Into playing his 
second string for the last 
few minutes of the game 
which was very close. 
This situation was forced 
by the starting lineup 
fouling out and the fact 
that some key players 
were Ineligible. Anyhow, 
the second string went on 
to win the game. 

At any rate, UCSD is 
losing a fine coach In Bill 
Reeves. Our best wishes 
go with him and hope that 
he gets what he wants out 
of coaching . 

.liliii'i 
_ ... zb. 

SERVICE, SALES, LEASE 
OVERSEAS DElIVtRY 

Continental Motots 
601 s. HII St. 

Oceanside 
722-8114 

...... , ........... 

lilt .• "ilia III _III. 
'aae 13 Triton Times, March 15, 1974 



MiI;I." ;,,'.//;g" C' ;S (l co,,· 
INtIieIlliotl itt 1nW.:. 

.. 

Oreanography 
··Groucl'o an The Deep Sea Drilling Project 

..t,-

An Even Sneakier 
machine 
by John Snodg(Qss 

Pick any two real weapons on the armaments line 
and It will be seen that an Infinite number of real 
weapons can be deSignated In between. The Interval 
Is often alluded to as a critical weapons gap. and 
yes, those persevering technologists at (this time) 
McDonnel Douglas Aircraft Corporation, of St. 
Louis, Mo., have filled It again with a sub to ship, air 
10 ship, and ship to ship low·flylng missile called 
Harpoon. 

According to Captain Albright , assistant project 
manager, the missile "uses Its own active radar 
seeking device to home In on the target," while 
programmed to cruise undetected at whitecap level. 

Another interesting feature Is that the Harpoon 
h~S a range of up to 40 miles, giving It a nice 
minimum application cost of $5,000 dollars a mile 
or $200,000 a shot disregarding the labor expense of 
having the button pushed. The experimental models 
are priced slightly higher, but compensation lies In 
that testing has a lack of real duress to hit anything 
It's this bargain the Navy doesn't want to miss. . 

The Navy expects to deploy the first batch of 
Harpoons to escort destroyers, to have subs 
carrying them within two years, and eventually use 
them to supplement the armament of a few .P3 anti· 
submarine bombers. Even civilians may gain a form . 
of Harpoon power due to a certain characteristic of 
the ship·killer ; It can be fired from Its crate. For· 
merly innocuous tankers and cargo ships lose their 
vulnerability when they start stacking Harpoons on 
their forecastle. 

The ship used up at Canada's Pacific missile 
range (you know, up northwest of Seattle) for 
el(hlbltlng the sophistication of the Harpoon Is also 
neo-developed. It Is the 130 foot hydrofoil gunbo,t, 
first to be designed in con/unction with other NATO 
nations, called PHM . Only the Informed know the 
origin of this acronym, though it may stand for Plain 
Hauling-ass Machine, as it does forty knots In the 
foiled position. 

Boasting an Italian made 76 mm anti-aircraft 
cannon, humming with the smooth power of a 
German made Mercedes-Benz engine. and still 
haVing enough space for some people and four 
Harpoon missiles to ride, this little tub is being 
developed by the Boeing Company on more than a 
50 million dollar contract . The Naval Electronics 
Laboratory Center In Point Lorna is handling the 
computerized testing. The Navy soon hopes to 
acquire about thirty. 

La Jolla 
Shores 
Market 

• 

Scripps-This month, 
during the 35th cruise of the 
internationally famous 
Deep Sea Drilling Project 
aboard the Research vessel 
GLOMAR CHALLENGER, 
scientists plan to drill and 
core adjacent to the An-
tarctic continent seeking 
answers to questions about 
this remote area . The 
principal objective is to 
investigate the origin and 
history of the Antarctic 
Circumpolar Current which 
transports a greater volume 
of water than any other 
current in the world. Two 
key events in the earth's 
history have controlled the 
movement of water around 
Antarctica; the separation 
of Australia from Antarctica 
and the opening of Drake 
Passage between the 
southern tip of South 
America and Antarctica. 

A year ago scientists on 
GLOMAR CHALLENGER 
confirmed that Antarctica 
and Australia separated 50 
million years ago and for 
the first time were able to 
cnaracterize the origin of 
the great current. Th is year 
scientists plan to in · 
vestigate the origin of this 
"great flush" through Drake 
Passage as Antarctica and 
South America separated. 
The effect of this current on 
world ocean circulation is 
profound. 

The Antarctic is also the 
major source of bottom 
water that bathes the 
deepest parts of all the 
major oceans. It originates 
in surface waters adjacent 
to Antarctica where it 
becomes cold and dense 
and then sinks, moving 
northward to lower 
latitudes along the ocean 
floor. Scientists will 
determine the time of origin 
of this important cur rent by 
analyzing the buried 
sediments. 

This and other objectives 
concerned with the origin 
of oceanic crust make up 
the major thrust of Leg 35. 
Co-chief scientists for the 
leg are Dr. C. D. Hollister of 
Woods Hole 
Oceanographic Institution 
and Dr . Campbell Craddock 
of the University of 
Wisconsin . 

The study of the ancient 
ocean currents in the area 
where they are believed to 
be generated relates 
directly to other discoveries 
by GLOMAR CHALLENGER 
scienti sts working in all the 
other major ocean basins. 
Many pages of the " Iayer-

2259 Avenidz de 
la Playa 

Phone: 459-3465 Amp Special Industries 
-Groceries, 

Produce, 
Meats, 

Wine & Beer 

Invites You to Visi t The 
Mobile Connector Caravan 

40.000 plus Products 
Terminals, Tooling. Insulation 

Bundling. Splicing. Programming 
Electrical. Electronic, Etc. 

LACE: Parking Lot lA, Urey Hall 
TIME: 9am - 4pm 

ATE: 3/ 19/74 
hilt 14 Tri4')fj Times, ~rch 15, 1974 

by ·Iayer" sedimentary 
history that geologists have 
assumed to lie beneath 
deep oceans seem to be 
missing. In many cases. tens 
of millions of years' worth 
have either been destroyed 

or washed away to be mixed 
with other sediment . How 
and why do these breaks in 
the record occur and do 
they correlate with patterns 
of ancient circulation 
which is governed by the 

ever changing -shape of the 
sea floor. Undersea hills 
and mountain ranges 
which may take only a fe~ 
hundred thousands to a 
million years to build. for 
example, may cause 
dramatic shifts in the 
circulation of the bottom 
waters in the same manner 
that mountains affect the 
flow of low altitude winds . 

According to popular 
theory, the depth of the seii 
floor is proportional to it~ 
age . That is, the deeper the 
ocean floor, the older it is. 
In Antarctic waters west of 
Drake Passage the ocean 
floor is much shallower 
than the age of the crust 
implies. The age is 
estimated by the character 
of magnetic anomalies 
"frozen" into the crustal 
rocks at the time they 
formed . Knowing the true 
age is essential for 
reconstructing the 
movement of continents 
which. in turn, bear so 
heavily on the development 
of these world influencing 
Antarctic currents . 

Scripps is managing 
institution for the Deep Sea 
Drilling Project . The Project 
is part of the National 
Science Foundation's 
National Ocean Sediment 
Coring Program. and is 
funded through a contract 
with the University of 
California. 

Dr . Melvin A. Peterson of 
Scripps is Principal In -
vestigator and Project 
Manager for DSDP. and Dr . 
N . Terence Edgar, also of 
Scripps, is Chief Scientist. 

The Joint Oceanographic 
Institutions for Deep Earth 
Sampling (JOIDES) provides 
scientific guidance for the 
Project . JOIDES members 

Proposed drilling sites are Columbia University 's 
Lamont·Doherty Geological 
Observatory; the University 
of Miami 's Ro senstiel 
School of Marine and 

UCLA SUIDIDer ProgralD Atmospheric Science; the University of Washington's 
Department of 

.. Nuke Science Oceanograph.y (Seattle) ; 
UCLA A summer 

program for college un· 
dergraduates on the ap-
plication of nuclear science 
to biomedical problems and 
the energy crisi s will be 
conducted by the UCLA 
Laboratory of Nuclear 
Medicine and Radiation 
Biology . 

Funded by the 
Association of Western 
Universities. the 10-week 
program will begin June 24. 
It is open to all un-
dergraduates who have 
completed their freshman 
year by June. 1973. U.S. 
ci tizenship is required . 

. -

AIDA 
I. comln. 

April 13 

Wood s Hole 
Deadline for receipt of Oceanographic Institution ; 

completed applications is the Institute of Oceanology 
March 15. Applications and of the USSR Academy of 
further information may be Sciences; and Scripps 
obtained by writing : Dr. In s tit uti 0 n 0 f 
O .R. Lunt, UCLA Laboratory Oceanography of the 
of Nuclear Medicine and University of California. San 
Radiation . Biology, 900 Diego. Global Marine Inc ., 
Veteran Ave.. Los Angeles of Los Angeles, own and 
90024. operated DIY GLOMAR 

CHALLENGE R under 
The core of the program 

will be individual student 
research projects , in 
biomedical areas, super· 
vised by UCLA scientists. 
There will also be guest 
lectures on applications of 
nuclear science to energy 
production and utilization . 

ABORTION 
ALTERNATIVES 

PRO-LIFE 

24 HRS . 

58l-54]] 

free speakers 
available 

contract to the University 
of California. 

POSITION 
AVAILABLE 

The University of 
ICalifornla at San Diego 
is seeking to fill a half-
time position in the 
office of Vice Chancellor 
for Academic Affairs, 
title • Assistant Coor-
dinator for Affirmative 
Action . Salary $8500-
12,000 for half-time on a 
12-month baals. Submit 
reaumes to Dr. Paul 
Saltman , Vice Chan-
cellor for Academic 
Affairs, 105 MC, UCSD, 
La Jolla, CA, 92037 by 
March 25, 1974. 

The University of 
calif., San Diego Is an 
equal opportunlty-
affirmative action 
employer. 

Announcements ....... • ..- ......... lor the. 
-"'- ... the ...... NlE 
_.or __ ......... .. continued from PA,e 11 

0 ... 01 .,...... ............ but ..... 
CPP.I01J .onlo, .y.",m -yet...-vl Ir" ... In ........ _ 

Tecllnlolefl; T,.. ..... ..-Jor .............. theI, .rr ...... . 
oqnw oaIeIe. w/J _ InduetrIeI on or ...... February .. 11M. In 
..... rI.n •• In .y",m •• 0... order to .............. for.n In-
etrvcUon.lrIeut. •••• mIIly ...... k .."... .... -
out • dOCMIm.ntlltlon; "you......ny CluwtI_ 
Hyd......-c .......... Inc. I"n ... -... .. ~ .n_~ 
0",01 ...... 0IIIft0 to eo,., .... nnl ... ft 

Cpp._ Llf •• u.,d 11: • ........... Itt! R.OORH ... 
mon1hl or Z ........ 1uIICI_ .u ....... nd - wi! try to ...... 
.. .....--_. ,"-rd It public • 

~h; CIty .... n DIeto I"n 
0 ... 01 

Cpp·_ "4ml .... trotl". · 
Anllret 1",; IA In ...... tIoIcI • 
onoItwO .,.,. of ..... , ..... Itw 
..... rI ..... ; A,-... od. County 
'ook ..... 

CPP"" 0..,.....,': CoIIueo 
.tudr In oIrUfII ... II ....... _ 
yr. full-tim. drattln. work 
........ ltM; .... 0-, Co.nty lion 
0"''' CPP'" AI I .,t T ...... 
E .... _IAII_ or ...... tIoIcI 
ftZ_ of.... .1 ..... ,,, • .-_ 
In truffto _ or ...... ......,..,..: 
City .. lin De... lion .,.... 

Cpp·... Junior IloGtriool 
En.l_r: .A/olootrlool or 
OQIiIImu .................. 111: City 
of .. n D .... lion DIIaoI 

CPP·.... .toff R ...... h 
A .. ocl.to 1; .A/.~ml.t,., 
w/IPIII ......... In .nil -....: 
UCiD , ... JoIuI 

CPP·"'f .toff R._,.h 
A •• aal._,..,..... ............. 
b .... mCnoror vIuIo _ UCID , ... 
J .... , 

CPP· .... h "4ml .... trotl". 
A ..... nt 1; I .".. .. .... 
_ .......... 'Iuo_ UCID , ... 
J ..... I CPP .... LIbrwy A..c..nt ,,: 
3y ... .......,_ ... _orlAlw1 
v,. of.......,_ ..... _ ....... 
tv .. I ... : UCIII"nta ......... CPP... Ix ___ DInIatot. 
UC .tudant .ody P...cdontI· 
Council; exporIeo_ wI ......... 
m.kl ... _,. of the Uc:... ... -
b •• ourrent UC atudont or _ 
UC graduate; UCD 10...... C..I 
OlldNna4l12ne 
CPP..., Oraduo .. Alllltlntahl .. 
In H_hII Ic:e--: _III .... nd 
rHMrch . ... .,. tZADD ......... ; .A. 
OPA of 3. good ORE 10_ 
raqul ... ; a.,. U .t B,ockport 
INaw Yorkl 

CPp·211111 SenIor Engl-. will 
d .. llln .... c.c •• ft o,blte; .A 
req·d. MA pm""'. MOd cou .... 
In c.l .. dII,mochonlcl. OClmputo, 
acllnc .. ; ,P ... do.... Col OpOn 
Jmmldlltlly. 

Announcements 
ATTENTION: WORK·STUDY 
BEG'Plim 

Stud.ntl who hlY. b •• n 
Iw.,ded work·.tu'" fundi fo, 
1973-74 Ind who howl not boon 
4Imployed tIIIe ~mlc YII' 
mUll oqma Into the Student 
!;mplovmont OffIc. by the lOCond 
Wllk of ... S .. rlng QUlrto,. 
NEW STAFF MEMBER 

Allocll.. o.n Eric M.rtlnol joined the lEO ItoH .t ... flret of 
1974. H. wlM ........ 0 ........ fo, 
coo,dl ... tI ............ OIImont of 
off·",m"ul .. m .. l~m.nt 0", 
portu....... for UCID etudontI. 
M.. M.rtln.. w •• fO(mltly 
... I.,.nt 111_ of OAl ... 

etuff to work on 
reo,g.nlr.tlon to.k •• SEO I. 
clOilna Ita doon to _.·fn 
atudont ~ .t 12:JD.m _h 
d.y Monday. M.reh • ttwou.h 
Frldey. M.rch • . NI(mII houre 
will be .......... April 1. 1W4. 
Ourl ... the .....-- c .... _. " 
.tu ........... on uraont .....,..... 
'ncl..muet oonoutt the lEO 1tWff. 

a~.houId ......... at. I. to __ for .n _ 
pol...- ,...110.1_ to oil who 
may ... Inoan" ...... uaotI. 

THE .. DERAlURYlCE 
ENTRANCE EXAM AND 
MANAGEMINT INIlRN 

INTlRYlIWI 
EffoatIva Juno '. 11M. -.tina 

.nd rwaaIlIt .. appIIoutI_ to taIlo 
thl F.d_1 •• ",1.. Entran •• 
E .... mlnltlon I ... ' ..... oIoood. 
T~ on the ....... _ of Juno 1. 
1174 •• nd .... wIlD toll, the _ 
durl ... the ..... Jo~ . Mer. 
1174. will be o.tonded until 

D~bor 11. 1DI. 
A _ ...... nutIon wII ... 

........ In ... fuM of 11M. I ........ 
In tho _ ............. will 
..... to ..... '...-Inthe __ 
In ...... to .......... ,I.vmom 
c_ld.,.tIon ufW J-- , 1m. --•. 

n. 
............... .". ...... to 
villi UCID to •• with ItudInt8 
wtMI._ ... ~ In full-Cl_ 
......... follawl .... ,.duotlon In 
JUnl. 

.......... D ... ~ s_ AIIrII ,. • 

.... K_ AprIl 11 
Ko_ CIty lifo 1_,._ Co.. 

AIIrII 12. Mer • 
,.... lifo end c-Ity. AIHII 

• 
.1-.1 R_ ........ , AIHII 

NAIA. ,,_ R-.att CIntar. 
AIIrII • 

Tea Corpouullon of "manoo. 
AprIl. 

N.ttonal Oc •• nlo .nd At· 
.m .... hortG ,........ ... tJ.lIoo .. AprI 

• M_ ...,lI(IIIotIon .-.out tIIoeo 
_"'-"- end the kinde of 
... 0.... thoy .re .ookln. I. 
.......... t eo,., ......... 
PI ....... nt. All o ••• nl •• tlon. 
rwarultl ... It UCiD .,. Inter ..... 
In ..... II •• n. f.qm , mlno.lty 
.rou .... 

FREE COPIE. of tho 11" 
~GE I'LACEMENT ANNUAL. 

iNG¥IIiiI intiliilliflOft on 
..-u- CUItQmerIIy offorucI to 
c...... ...-- by prlnel .... 
U .•• • mltl_. _ .vuliubll .t 
tho c. ........... Ubrory • .., 
H ... , while they lilt. 

Employment 

Drive 

continued from page 11 

will continue to be posted 
only in the SEO office 
because most of them are 
filled the same day they are 
posted . 

STUDENT RESPONSIBILITY 
Throughout the new 

sys tems for student "em-
ployment . the concept of 
student responsibility will 
be st ressed . It is the 
responsibil ity of tudent job 
seekers to come in and 
complete th e necessa ry 
forms; read the job listin gs 
at our office and in the 
Triton Times; to respond to 
mailings we send; and to 
successfully represent 
themselves at job in· 
terviews. SEO staff are 
endeavoring to assist 
students at each step of this 
process . but it is ultimately 
the students who by their 
actions make the process 
effective. 

I' 

Health Careers Bull~tins 
Weekly seminars 

highlighting various health 
professions 'will resume 
after spri ng break on 
Tuesday evenings, 7:00 
P.M . Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Still to come are 
Optometry. Public Health 
and Clinical Psychology . 
Check your Triton Times for 
what comes when on April 
9. 16, 23 . 

Freshmen • sophomore 
premeds who would like to 
talk about : courses to take 
what to major in, availabl~ 
programs and how they 
might help. research and 
199'5. medical school 
admissions prognostica-
tions. Premed Club, etc ., 

sho~ld set aside Thrusday. 
April 18 and 25 from 6 :~ 
8:00 (place to be an· 
nounced) . This will be a 
special course called "The ' 
Premedical Student at 
UCSD" and oriented to your 
needs. If you have any 
special requests for course 
content do get them in 
writing and turn into 
Debbie Brown in the 
Premed and Health 
Sciences AdviSOry Program 
Office. Room 6037. 6th 
Floor. 20 Muir Campus. All 
co ntribution s and 

suggestions happily 
received. 

Premedical Predental 
Advisory Committee in-
terviews will be starting in 
mid-April. The interview 
and resulting letter of 
recommendation trom the 
faculty committee are 
important component~ of a 
program deSigned to help 
students in the admissions 
process . Mrs . Parks 
coordinator of the progra~ 
says that the committee 
recommendation is not 
mandatory, but that usually 
medical schools will 
request and in some cases 
require a committee letter if 
your school has such a 
committee. Increasingly 
dental school s ar~ 
request ing a similar kind of 
~valuation . To participate 
In the program, check into 
the Premed Office for 
procedures and 
suggestions. 

MCAT and OAT ap· 
plications are available at 
the Premed Office. Career 
Planning, Room 6037 2D 
Muir Campus . Reque st 
card s for the AADSAS 
dental application are here. 
AMCAS request cards 
should arr ive end of April-
early May. 

Feminist 
Conference 

A Socialist Feminist 
Conference will be held on 
Sunday, March 24 from 9 ' 30 
to 4:30at the YWCA, 1020 C 
St in Downtown San Diego 

The Conference will 
begin with a discussion of 
Socialist Feminism . 
followed by workshops 
including Lesbian and Third 
World caucuses focusing on 
community. workplace and 
campus organizing . 

The goal of the con· 
ference is to serve the needs 
of women in th is county 

through program Ilk!' 
workplace organizing. day 
care. health care , socialist 
feminist newspaper and 
rape crisis 

The conference IS being 
sponsored by the Socialist 
Feminist Planning Com · 
mittee and will include 
Ruthie Gorton, songwriter 
and si nger . Free childcare 
will also be provided . 
Parti cipants are asked to 
bring their own lunch For 
further informat ion call 
286-Q46() . 

triton times 
tctlto, I" Ch", 

O~yid Buchbinder 

eu,. Editor 
Cre, Hkll, 

M ........ Idl'", 
Mlchlel Stsma 

Copy feUto, 

..... ne .. l~bn •• e1' 
Rue Hinton 

Iditori.1 OiMctor 
M.lrkMcC.rtv 

Ar" EdilOf 

Sport. fdl10t 
r fl C Rill5ten 

ScilMu: Iditor 
}ohn Snodlran 

Itholoaraphy (elito, 
Malcolm Sm Itt. 

Anodale City (dUofl 
Rick Drom 

John h y lor 

A.ul. .usineu M."~.C', 
Mosei Moi.n""" 

Th. TIlTON TIMES I. officilily rHoanlzH .. II .tude"t ntW'PIl , b th ~unlu'ion loaH,d of t~. U~ivenity of C.,II'oml., Sol" DitiO. lulld;: zsJ. M:It~:; 
IImpu., U 10 . , (.h'oml. 92037. 'ubllcllion i .... ice wHld Tu :::!'.g~~;; a;; !~~=:".-,o0o,m7 ' '117 '_~!'I k~ HI.II, .~ellt Clm~uo; f or ~I:::~i~r::: 

, •• or nil on. or "~. phone .101 , . 

Pide Any rift of tlae. 
Nothing to buy. You will get five products of your choice. Free. Plus a bonus offer of Planters Sunflower Nuts. 

Just fill in the coupon, and ENCLOSE 50~ FOR POSTAGE & HANDLING-give the extra coupon to a friend. 

FREE 
L'OREAL" YOUNG 

BLOHDE'--The 
compl.t. blondin, kit 
th.t lilht.na )'Our hai, 

Iintly IIkl thl sun. 
- Indicatl choice: 

lAo Younc BIondI fI.turel 
II . ...... Your .. liondl AlII 

MICItIN'·- A br.nd now 
.00II·11111,.. formull 

which hel ... prD\/idl 
effective Brllth Protection 

lot hOUri. 

New .. the first 
deodorant tampon. 
Pllyt •• Deodorant 
Tampons WIth self 
ad lushng action 

......cIouft of cWrII"' ....... 1-
b.th producta. They will m .... you, body 
.... Ilk. hllven. I ndlCltl choic:. of one: 

fA- bubllllnl""" both • - ..., 

FREE 
JOHNSON'S IJA8Y SHAMPOO-
Gentle 'mough to use every day. 

5 

FRU 
LlNSlN~ TIl. tlrat 

multlpu._ aoIution for 
cempl.-I contoct I .... care. 

..... Everynipt ~ Hair 
Conditioner From -Curtis. Your hair may be oily 

atthe toP. yet dry & brittle 
at the enda. EVERYNIGHT 

worka on the dry. dull perts 
witllout makinl thl oily perta 

oili .... 

FREE 
TANYA. lin Hlwlil ln 
10' po.albly thl d_ .... t 
ttn you've ..... r had. 

FINGlR ART • TOE ART 
TC»-A now cosmet,c 
concept. "" decals In 36 belut,ful _.na. (One 
allell . ... oulh to do bOth 

____ hlnda .'111) 

.IDIOMUS 
IILIC110M 
PUNTEIIP DItY ItOASTED SUNFlOW£R 
NUTS-Try "' .. unlqu. n.vorf No all. or 
...... uaod In procnainl. You will racllv, 
• 11m pl. plua 7t coupon lood powder • !IC. ..., ........ Not .... 11 ..... 

to reMllnll of ...... "lIlco ..... -------... 
..... _______ "' _Irda purch .... 

r:~~~~~~~~rE~~~~~~~1J FREE.FOR.ALL BOX 1989 fOR A FRIEND 10 FREE·FOR·ALL BOX 1989 FOR ~ou 9 DEARBORN. MICHIGAN 48121 a.___ DEARBORN. MICHIGAN 48121 Do ........ ......., 
II1II PI ...... nd me tho fiv. froo umpl" I h.ve checked: .. - ' II1IIII1II PI ...... nd - thl five froo umples I have c,lecked: CD CMt_ .• 
,IA 0 or II 0 2 0 3 0 4 0 5 0 6 0 " IA 0 . ... 11 0 2 0 3 0 .. n 5 n I 0 , 

70 1 0 tA D ..... 0 or9C O 7 0 . 0 tA D wH O or9C O 
II1II I'd 11M ... froo I'IaIIIarS SuIufIRor Nublonu, AD II1IIII1II "d ....... froo .... n .... Su~ Nutt Bonu. AD . 
, 1ndIIId" so- tor ............ IIundI'fII. " Ene ...... " 50_ tor poItIp .......... 1"1, , 

II1II =.. ~. II1IIII1II =:..";" ... ,------------~-.-- . 
, c~ ..... ZI. " C;ty SII'. Z •• , __ -- , 

UIIIII_,., ~ A .... 4 "., ..... fer ..... " . Offer ~ onfY ,n 1ft. UIRII ................. Attow 4 to' ... ". to, Clehvery Oft" poet onl, In .... . 
, u" ___ . _ .1.00 let c._" _". 0".' 1J,",led. Ii,., como:J U"I'" ItItH ... noel ,.00 for CenHI8n or"'" Offer " mfted. "rs' C:J .... . 

..... ",", ~r ..... ,.. July '1 . I". Proc:hIct_ ".r,"",'" are brand' th' •• NNe. Offer •• .,1,., July ll. 1"4 ~ ,...reHf'lted .,. bf.nct. 
_ ... _ , ~....,. vlry. MIDlA 1"""'lING COIt~. y ...... 11_ .... ...., ... ' ... mer •• ry. MIDIA "'M~~I"a cOlt~ 

,..,~~,.., .. ,..,~ ~ .. ~ .. ~ .. ~ 



,...---+-----~-------..... --announcements ---........ 
sunday 

IUIJECT A .... OFICIENCY EXAM 
wII III ___ Fri. Mar 1IitII In tho 

.OUAW VALLEY IIU TIIIP. 
~ ...... ~ ........ 
• ''''''''''''' 1ft ..... lod.'n •• ,mHIa. AI.o d.n .... 
........ .-. ................. end 

The lIo.,ello llooldont DM .. •• CtASSlRED AD ~: FIIEE 
0fII00 10 now ......... ..... 10 ONLY REGl$TER'D GRADS 
.... ........... AdwIoor ......... AND UNMRtlIIADa AT THIS 
.... --~ ........ "" •• ral... CAMPUS. AU ADS MUST lIE 
.- end ..... _ .... ou,." ACCOMI'ANIED WITH NAME 

Appl ....... - ........ frono 
uceo ....................... .... 
-. ........... .. 

Humenltlee LINwy A.ldItortum 
from 1~ p.m. ThIo oawm Ia for 
any_ who .... to !/uIfIII tho 
......... A,....,,-.. ...... IIII .. 
,........ for ontro_ to _m 

No ....... T~ ThIo lun 
III., 

morel Only m .......... T10bIII or to ONlY ........ pIoII .... .....".. AND VALID STUDENT I.D. 

I ....... In .. 0ffIW of ....... 
....... Iupport .. III n tho 
RII lI,.,h A .. lnant """1" ..., 

Info.otA'two .... M7. M_"'.12 
N_.nd H ....... coli Don 
...... ot ..... CJI1.) general 

from 14 p.m. oInoI'" 10 IImItocI 
..... n ..... tI-. Any.,. wi. III 
ad ......... ott. 3 to 7 pm. For ...... 
"" or any ............ oeII; x1tM or 
.. to litlE ... 10 offtoo --20 211M. 

Dr. Harold Uney will bo .. 
................ In 'ooIoty .nd 
Hq_ V__ wIIIoII .. lie 

Any.,. I .......... In ~ or 
..................... mII0h0u1d 
loin tho Or .. nlc Gard.nln. 
.ooIoty. Wo _ ...-cIy ~ 
to..,..... ........ _ ... _ 

1111. 

JAZZ CONCEIIT: '" Mar • I ..... 
• __ Froo III., 

'upport tho Fl(m Work.ro 
..,...... for JuotIoI 'In tho fIoIdo 
,.... Work_ ~ ...... FrI 
Mar .• 7=- ThIrII Wortd ....... 
ofIIoo. Me III .. 

saturday 
.... Mar 11. .. ~m •• Fold 'trI", 
0 ...... with ..... orttn Z .... n 
"o •• ny.l. pl.nl... Work. by 
Mu.t. '-"'- .net Dvorak. 
.t. ................ Hal. 14th.t. .nd 
101. Del Mar. T1cIcno ovaIl at tho 

~.13/.' 

for sale 

~ .... n ......... Tho 
Counol ................... tho 
"..... __ .nd ......... whlGh 
--.muat '- In tho fIoIdo of 
......... paIIdoo. and oduoetlon. 
Other ..... _ In tho -.... 
lnolude Aaot. ChanooIIor .... 1 
........ n. Provoot John Iww.rt.. 
.nd Dr. Joyao JuotIOI of Urtlon 
and lIu'" ........ On May Drd 
the ................ with WIlly 
U ........ pr ..... or of I'hII who 
hM ....... Mr. E~ "'- 10 
.... tho ·u~ ..... _ 
..... Ion. John TuM.., ... ..... 
In 1IIr. Tho _no will oonoIot of two.-. ......... NOh .... 
plul • cIoc: MCtIon In wllleh tho 
otudonta..moy ..... _ • portlculor 
vaIuo qU08tIon of their choice. 
131111 

wanted 
FOR SALE Surfboard . ..... 20" RIDE NEEDED TO BAY A .. EA SAT 
wIcIe. CaIl4l2-1CIGIordopbyA,.0 MAR 23 WILL SHARE 
2D. 13/1., GAS/DRIVING. • .. UCE ~ZI17 

13/11' 
For SoI.J. Brown Helmet .10 ICI 
Ax.N_-.1. 272-1132 Ev.nlnlll Ride neodod to Loo G.too .,.. on 
13111' Sot. M.rch 23 win ..... wth 

..,nl-livo _y P.nooonic I-trlc. 
w AM/FM pock. -ne pock 
Excel cond. -.00.412 .... Kevin (./21 

FORD Muotonll1. for .... to thI 
tlrot cuotqmor with .., caoh. Coil 
~1.121 

~.OSE 101 Dlrect/R.fI.ctlnl 
...... k ... Sy"m. tao. WrIta John ~axwell.1110 WInthrop. SD. 12117 
412' 

driving & .... Chip 412 ... 13111' 

PLEASEI NEED RIDE TO BAY 
AREA 3I2D OR LATER. WILL 
SHARE GAS AND DRIVING. RITA 
-"'13111' 

Ride neodod to SF •• y Ano Con 
_v •• n¥ttmo oftor Fri. Shoro ... 
.. .xp.n •• 1 Mlch.11 412-0141 
13/11' 

RIDE WANTED TO .AY AREA. 
SKIER & SKIES ON 3/23 SHA .. E • 
&DRIVING-ANDY 7I5m1 13111' 

Couch n" ... Refrtllfroozer.... NMd ride to Son M.rlno Fri. Mar. 
Mlllic C .... R ..... 4-burner... 22.fter .. Nancy ~ 13/., 
CoIl P.ul 272-e11O Or...,l1. 14121 

CIQnIPIa. W ...... yOU. ColI ~ 
.,., ~_ Info. Aok .... John. 
111111 

........ ntllI AI thooo I1udont 
_nIDtIono. ~-. or oIuIIo 
... ,.... fundo for tho ••• d,mJo 

~ of 1IM-1I"mun ouItmh • 
~ .......... fII(III to "luSC 
A.oOl"". - ... C.. TODAY. 
III., 

Tho UCSD DIy Co,. Cantor hoi 
oponln.. for chlld,.n frctm well.... ... to • 112 yeoro. For 

,mora Info coli J .... FouIlo n .. 
D.., Co,. Ctr. lid. ..,. III., 

A Hot of SPfi", Qtr 1174 Groduoteo 
Ie pootod 0UbIcI0 the RoveIle 
Provoot OffIce 131111 

.'1 P .• J .• M .• K ..... T .. G . • nd 
•. M. heard yo BOUNCED .round 
Muir TUIL nita. Chip • Kevin 
13/11' 

Feo: ~ ... lifo ...... m of 
Infinhoolmol..rnqrnonto. 1 ... Juot 
thI ..... ,nnI"'. Love. P.J. .nd 
S.LF. 131111 

D.r A.L. the hoIrt .. Itlil on tho 
clift .nd lifo II • fountain. Love 
.1we.,.. ... S. 131111 
John G.: T __ m P.rtyl T __ m ... rtyl 
Love. M.rt. 13/11' 

P.ul-I h.... you hav. fun .t 
D.qmouth - It will never III tho 
111m ... V' 13/111 

M.rtha: Sorry to _ you Ieovo • 
but I IUPP_ thot Dlqmouth 
Ihould IXPOrIonco your eho(m. 
Love • k ...... GIOrtI8 13/111 

PIGGIE IJOE': conoldor youroolf 
..... 1 but not quito IIborotocI .. 
but k .... world", .t It. 11/111 

Mldlond ~mp. .nd • track tapa 
.....,., . ...... oftor IRm (412' 

.. ,DE NEEDED to Son Fronclaco 3RD FLOO.. TIOOA MALEI: 10 
oftor Thu .... March 21. Call M.rk when.ro YOU 11_ otrooIc1 
412-4743. Shoro c""' .. 13/1., Vou'd look .,... "14 IOrOIIl" 

AI,.... puppy for ..... AKC RIDE NEEDED TO S.F. or Sonta 
rotIlotorod. ~mole; coil .... 7.111. Cruz or JIiIt north oftor • PM 
14121 Frldoy..zz. ..... Chuck. 13/111 

Pierro M.uro tenor lIJI",hono. NEED RIDE to Son Fron. IUlf) 
PtIrf. cond.. llood podo; ..... 3/21 OR ..... Pctm- V.'1ey to 
........ ate. .. 412~. 1412' USF I,.,. ...... cono Sue .. .., 

131111 
WATER.ED AND FRAME .100 
APT. SIZE REFRIGERATOR .,. Ride _ntod to Euroko .round 
CAU STASIA OR UZ ... 1. M.r23. Will oha,. .... nd drl. Coil 
1.12' Jull.4a314I or 412-1121 13/11' 

13/11' 

.. HONDA 80rry to _ you 10 to 
UCD I hope you. lie hippy dora rI 
lu,,-mloo YOU elot.Dou. 131111 

eoril..,-I!'. ...... dey Wooley 
13/11, 

lIurto H.ppy blrthdaylll • bli 11. 
NOW YOUR LEGAL Love. Dov\d 
13/111 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY F£A .. F;qm tho 

• ..... I1UIIent Cmpl-.c__ THOSE ADS WHICH DO NOT 
0ftI0I. Appointe .... ....... FOUOW THIS I'OUCY IN AD-
InUIt ...... -- ~ AIIII"'" 14121 DITION 10 UNE UM/TATION 

Ttw._otII ........... ... 
....tho ........ E ....... LIt.,. ..... 
on ................... LMT.1f 
you .,. Inte,..tad or "'v. 
.... .......... to .. lit. ,. ofIIoo. 
ZD -'111111 

SPECIFICA TIONS WILL .E 
DISCARDED. NON STUDENTS 
MAY INQUIRE FOR AD RATEa 
FOR MORE INFO CALL .,..., X"". 1E1I 
Tho ..... One .... Conw ... bo 
............ "fInoI' .... ItIIdy 
___ N. "Tho'rown ... 11 .... 

Tho 110 • C ..... CInIc 10 ...... In .nd ..... One" (Itoth ........ at 
.m. ,.. 8_ Hal. M_FrI I .. tho .... Muir .... monel ... bo 

~m .• nd Iu ... Thuro 7-10 .. m. oponfor8tUd¥l ........ "'-"tancl 
Cqmo In for ..... durl ... ft .... for your _ .... _ ""- lind 
..... W1II til wII III fumllhed. Tho ..... 

Tho Natural HIotory M--em·. 
WMIlond 111m .......... IMer. 1i • 
171 will offer NKWATOA" •• n 
IIUIItInII 111m with ............ f...... of till onuptIon of • 
........ voIoono In tho Indian 
0-. The fno • ..,....,. .. 
.hewn on In .t 3 ~m .• lun at 
1:JO • 3 .. m. In tho Muooqm 
.~m.lIIl11 

cou ...... and T.A.·. ... ....... 
nounood ...... In your a.... or It 
.............. on tho front door of 
tho ..... One .... Cantor. 111., 

Tho MII .... PhyoIco C..... wII bo 
open tho -.me houra _ oIwoyo 
clurl,.. fInaIo .... lno! MOIl, MIIr 
11th. o..r ....... _ g", at '-
ch...matII.nd phyoIoa. Roqml1lZ. 
..... 2A. 111111 

What ..... thera'd bo •• t UCID.1f 
A.C _ CTG. 13/111 

The blond girl In POnto .nd pi,. 
--wrhI .... paper In .Ictmod 
nb Sot....meot...mo "'- nut Sot 
noon. T.K. 13111' S .. "Hollo It' .... mo .. '1 love yo' ... ·m 

.0 gled YOU oemo Into-my life .. 
.u .. :(m 101 ... ta.,mloo you. Hove Knight 13/111 

monthI. AII.I ....... _ ........ 
In tho 0fII0a of ..... 1tucIIM 
.nll lI_r.h. 1. M.tthow. 
Compuo. DOIIdIno 10 • pm. Fttdev. 
Moroh 1t. III • 

Tho D...........,. of LIeoroturo lind 
- D...........,. of V ...... Ano 
...-wt p,or liar E....,. "odItI. 
who wII ... on: "'YIIIItoI.t 
............. Monday. Maroh 11 n 
4:GD p.m. In tho HL AucItortum. 
Evory.,. .. oonIaIIy liWIe8cI to 
.ttend. 131111 

Thoro wi ....... UII.AN • RURAL 
ITUDIE.-THI .. D COLLIGE 
COLLOQUIUM on Fr*y. Meroh 
•• n 4:10 p.m. In Conf. 1l1ILA..111 
Me. ............ DR. JOIEPH 
DAVID DAMIIUL a 1,,1.'o.lot 
from tho IohooI of ..... no at 
UC-DevIo. wII ..... on "ON 
ITA .. TING A HEALTH 
CUNIC" Froo and ()pen. 

LAIT IIIUE OF THE QUAII-
TEIl .. HAVE A NICE VACATION ... 

The boot h_ In Clelromont. 
lherolt w/3 IlrIo. own room.llrpl. 
y.rd move In Immed •• 71/ mo m-
_1P31111 

Two Multo no children _nt to 
rant oPt fliclm...morrIod .t. ....... • lood tim •• t DovIo • I'll ~ 

_ YOU. K.e. 131111 To Oddl. I do not give '''Wm_ 1117~/21 call __ .eJII. 14121 
thin I _nt to F;oqm White R ..... 
13/111 To Winnie the Scott POI. Moy 
~lnlntII1y .... "".""""" 
llrot1'.luvyou"."'" 131111 

carpools 
D .. r • . A.. You could be. bl8,.mon 
If It weNn't for Youc..mlnd hold! ... 
you bock. H.to C .... D. 13/11' 

hoosing I .. rln. Qu.rt.r carpool for 
CORONADO. Coil Tracy ~ 

WANTED: ..... to .haro Muir oPt 1./21 

HOWI, my boby. _mile .Iwoyo. 
aunohlna love •• obby 13/111 

nut yr. w/RowIIo .r. Muot k_ 
by 3122. ....... obIn. 13/1., 

F.c;qmoto noodod. hGUM In W nr. 
Tonl-Slne..m •• 10",. but don't ..... h. ow""4m. roctm ... -....o 
...".1 FIItorbootorIoot... 13/11' 1.12' 

Joo. p_ ........ moy bo nice. but GIRL NONSMOKER-FREE 
Ilcortco .. bettor .• rI", aqrno bock ROOM/BOARD write: M... John 
& hove • g,... wooIcand. 131111 Hopklno - D~mond St..P.8. 

14121 
T1g,.: 1f'1 gol ... to bo • I .... 
QUlrter without you lleuncl ... 
.round. Hove • Iron ti-. Tho 
..... 11111' . 

rGQIqmoto _ntod for ...,. ... 
qu.rtor. hundr.d yor.. frctm 
IlMeh In Del M." ~ 1412) 

CHIP-WHO II HARDER1 LEr. Roqmote _ntod tlIlmo • utll. 3 
BET ON mil .ETTY 131111 belr "- ....... a-h Fonood 
Littlo CarIn E....-vou·ro wIoh .. 
ift¥. . OilIIIlmond-1 luv U·PI-b. 
bock bot... ~FeIry GM. 
13/., 

MTO-you'ro TOO tall fot..mo. but I 
Iuv U .nyway"OOO A ......... 
for tho frIendoNp ... t.Loo 13/., 

.lock'lbrown711MUty"-, LOVE 
YOU·-lrotaful.1woyo .. Your P., 
131111 

yard cell .... 14I2J 

3 bdr condo In G.ne •• _ 
Hllhlond •• ".11. to Itudonte 
...,.... • ...... _ 1174. WoW 
corpot. ." ...c. kltc ..... w/....,... 
unfum tzJI£mo..~ 14121 

3 FEMALE. w.nt r ... on.bl. 
"mol '-- or ..... to rant durl ... 
IIllllmor. CAU PATTY 412 .... or 
NIKKI ..... ...". -.. 
.nd/or numbw 1412) 

IMPERIAL UACH c.rpool. 
NIIdod. chrlo ot.I7D (4/21 

. 

serviCes 
liIOCImG tax ..".... dIeoount for 
Itudonto. otoff or f.culty. __ 
""" 2. I P /ET) 

TYPING - MARILYN would Ilk. to 
typo your ....... thooIo. ete. Sha .. 
.... erl.ncod on .11 tv.... of 
......... ...... _noble and hee 
.n I.M. Clolromont aroe. ....... 
coli her n ... ,., 13'1" 

TYPIIT: Feat. ......... ColI ~ 
1m 1311.) 
VORACIOUI RAPlD8 OULP at 
youl EICOPO to Adventuro MI. 
'ox Z72. .... nIGh forie. Utah __ 
Ip 3111' 

lost & found 
" Toyota MK II • • uto •• xc. cond .• 
• 1.700.00. Coli: ~ 1.12' 

SURFBOARDS: ..... roundt.lI. 

Ride to LA. SlIt. 3/23. or Sun. Will 
help ... y for 11ft. C.II Chrlo. 412-
1112. 13/16' 

other two of thI thno StOClllOl O ....... nd 8 ....... troH ..... _ 
(3/11' GOOD SHOWIII All Your Aclmlroro 

ROOM AVAIL IN DEL MAR 
OCEAN VIEW HOUlE OWN 
ROOM. BATH • DOU.LE .ED 
PRIVATE POOL .1"month 75 
mz 1412' 

FRENCH HITCH-HIKEII' loft 
4moII .... In .1uI VW buo In DM 
Fit. NMd DEiPARATELYI ....... 
coli -..a7 14121 

..... dovltall. ..... roundt.lI. 
othe ... bolt off Mlkl 222-21D3 1./2, WANTED: Lona. wide. oilloin. 

2 line_ for Nlkon. SIIv.r Getzln 
tf\tmpot. C.II kin It ___ for 

lurfbOlrd. .10 PriCI ronOI C.II 
462-88116. Mlrk 1311.' 

Info. Keep trying 14/2' 
n .. d rldl to Dllono c.n l .. vI 3/23 

FOR SALE 2 Ion_ for Nlkon. - .. fly Ihlr. gel cell StacIY 463-
SIIv ... GIUan tf\tm ... t. C.II k.n.t 21181 131111 
___ for Info. K"" trying 1./21 

For 5.11. 7ft. IUrfbOOrd. lonl .kal. 
no dlnlli. t21. cell Mlk. 413-1121. 
./2, 

Need rldl to Beyer .. It Ind of 
querter. Will help P'Y for 1111. cell 
413-771 •. "k for Don. 131111 

For .. II: brond new 2lID ~m. RIDE NEEDED to a.rklllY or S.n 
ROIII",nol Concordl ,klo ... Froncllco. M.rch 20 or liter. cell 
Rick. call 713-3173 1./2, Eric. 7116-1. 13/111 

FOR SALE Uood Fonclnl T_nal'" 
of thl V .. r. Troph .... .. or boot 
off. Coli x300I How"d :.121 

FOR SALE: Antlqu_; Gl(mln 
toble. • legl t21. da'" plna 
book.haIf-table •• 11. early 1100'1 
vanity • •• col.. condo .15 em-.. 
. -1231 1.12' 

O·NeI ... LONGJOHNS . • ~ . X-cond 
"/offer. con .In .. ,.. (4/21 

WANTED Good. Uled rodlol tlno 
to fit VW bUI. Call 1112-4124. 13/1., 

lIrvo cloak with. m.ny drowero. 
If.,., 1r18Aj)e....... ell' refInIoh. 
D ......... 2211 1./2, 

Cheep ..,...tcm II JoIlo • 
mlftpup-no hou.. prl,,/c.1I 
~mlli. 413-1110 I.tl/le.vo 
mwaov .. 1412' 

WANTED: Ulld _ffIoIron. Cheep 
FO .. SALE: 71' HoneIII CL • . 110 CoIl 4MGIII ... /21 
MILE.. " .00. Phon. _ .n. 
14121 Phyolco TA'I Neodod 'or 1Ft-

d.p.nd.nt Itudy cl .. 1 n.xt 
TURNTA.LE Glrr.rd Z.ro quorter . .... ott.. JtM 1411) 
1IOxIlhura .... E 0Irt. •• 0 _ . 
•• DwId or Iv~ -. ___ 
I4f2) personal 

RELING .. EJECTED LATELY ... 
THEN CHEat OU.. CLAIIII'IEO 
AD POLICY ... CORKV IE1' 

Dllr Mr. Stelnlle,.. W. hato you. 
Love. Gl ... mel. D.11ed & Hoy. 
13/111 

BYI to 'Ilmy lovely ...... Ona llnol 

13/111 

Potor Derek will ItrIIk on the 
Moon'l D.y .t tho Wltchl", Hour. 
All .ro Invited to loin. 13/111 

Yip YI ... nd.o lonl. CQm. ~ml ADMIRER 
- Lyd 13/111 OF .ASE.ALL 

To tha crowd .t tho Colculator 
~mpu •• BEWAREI The Lonl 
Strook .. Kid Culo duo loon. 
~maARASSocI. 131111 

KRK: If you don't ... y YOUr 
I.orcln you'lI bl r.pol •• dl 

P~mlnto or pundlto .cceptld 
.n'Alm ... m. 13/111 

lid chanco thIo Quarter to hoor 
Rick .nd Larry'l "The RICard 
Show". Tho,. lood_. Sur-
p"'" .. lor Mon .10 ,m. on 
KSDT. 13/111 

2DL EX 11 CODE-'UBTRACT 
LAST DIG. FROM MID. ADD TO 
Fl .. IT. lAST DIG. OF THIS IS 
SAMPLE NO. 13/11' 

2DL EX12 - 1.3. .. ; 2.1.11; 1.3 .. ; 
• .3.37; UAZ; 1.U7; 7.1.12; 1.3.71; 
..... ; 0.4'" 111111 

8harry: I con't boIIevo I Ito tho 
whole dllnvl Your ........ ro;_ 
_ won ... f ... NJun FrIondo"ln 
GO III .. 

.......... ~ ..... hair. I wIoh I 
k-... ........... Juot your ~. 
M.O' .... III. 

LT. of 11th .... You -= T-Hol G-
~N-A-O III. 

J.S.:ow ... up to your o;:fm. 'cuz (m 
lI.ttlnl b"m.dl C.thy Ith. 
ecor.k....." 13/111 

Charlie z.,.._So you wouldn't 
toIl, ml your led ""m.WeII I 
Found out anyway you RAT 
RAPER I 13/111 

DIANA. Thank you for ..... utlful 
lV.nlnll. I Icwo you. Miccio 131111 

H.., .11 "O .. -tho lun IhI_ 
brighter _h doy-ft'l • good 
fooll", .. T.LL 13/11' 

To...my bit! brother on tho rugby 
_m whqm .U the IlrIo .ra In love 
with: You'roJun too ...., fot..mol 
How .bout. IIttIe..m ... to k ..... my 
hondo wum7 HHH 11/111 

To thooo who cora: Tho ... 1 C"D 
111111 

F .... - hod • .,... timo In lob ..... 
..-tor. ".... ..... M tho help. 
0. 111111 

Dlolc Du-= Tho DftII .... .. 
dolt. c.... ............... CII • 
• . MIIIr: To ... or ......... lie 
....... 1 THI VIIIY lIlT OF 
LUCK IN MED SCHOOLI 
1'HANUI RAM CInIt 

1 or 2 .mto IMor f) _ntod to 
,hero 3 belr. h_ with , ott.. 
mile • .., .1/3 utll. pVt-(ftl & 11th 
wow 00,...., open ~m col ..... . 
..,.. yard. ~ off ... Wortd 
Dr .• nd M-.. Blvd . • ob 1"/111 

, or 2 rOctmotoo to .... ,. Du .... x In 
Cordlff. CI_ to Cru"". Coil Rlolc 
713-3113 1./21 

M.1e ROctlllmato _ntod for La 
Jolla Vi..... ltudlo Apt. Coil 
M.rk at ..... morn or _14121 

M.~mt _ntod for IprIng Or. 
'00 yarde f;Iqm boooh In D.M. V.,., 
nIco .all. ~ (4/21 
Lux. apt. to ....... Own roctm • 
both. North PattL Col M .... ZIt-
1417 (412) 

lEAUTlFUL VILlA. _ 'wIt-
urIoncll and Lak. Cctmo. P",,-
Inwhao 0 •••• _ to ...... hie 
I" •• ,ou.. old-wortd ...... m.r 
.. ,n ......... f ...... oftho 
Italian A ..... W .... G. ,....... 
_ ......... 11 ........ ..... 
R-. ~ ..... (1I'eI2I 

F~""''' ...... I-IMI 
'-w, ............... ...... 
......... , ......... ConItf 
14121 

................. -..... 

.......... IIIIIr ......... 

................ w. 

Whoover atole HR Ph'll Ilk fIqrn 
coh;Do you _nt ...word for 
hIvI", • conoolonco7 Rotum to 
TT.I./2I 

Folind:oor koy on Itrtne In FIve 
.nd Qimo. Tu_ "'-ht 0011 .Aim.--
_ .nd identify 1./21 

FOUND: GIrl'. watch. Mar. 1. U •• 
_. Con D.n. 412'-' 14121 

LOIT: In .outh DlnI,.. Roqm. 
3/12/74; • rod. ~knlt .. ht 
look... " found ........... 
1./21 

LOIt: 8.,.1eI", _tiler bull .... . 
old. but In I'" eond. ... of 
..... montal "..... 1412) 

..... hto Y_ llound Europe ....... 
I.r •• " Contoct: I.TC. III 
N .• -'Y Dr .. 1IovMy H.... Co. 
.,. .... ~(P ... 
EUROPE-,.RAEL-AF .. ,CA. 
'tudont fII.hto .M .,.., .... nd. 
CONTACT: ISCA. _ UnIv",ty 
AVI . • 11 Son Diego. Coif . .,_ 
Tel: 17141 87-3Ot0. 12111 ..... 
IPa/., 

lOOK YOUII IPIIING liliiii-
VAT10NI WITH ..... HOu. 111 
TRAVEL ..... - 110 CMM8I1 

(~ 
lUI lICKETI 011 UC8D CAM-
PUI a,.. ....... A ........ 
....._TllAVB.OMCII_ 
-....". 


