
VolMme 23, NMmber 4 

Crafts Cenler 

Crafts Center Offers New Work 

Study Program to Students 

by Frank LaForge 

The Crafts Center has an-
nounced the development of a 
work/study program to aid 
students who cannot afford the 
Center's $15 enrollment fee. 

The Crafts Center, one of the 
University's few self supporting 
organizations, has had to charge 
the fee to meet its $25,000 
annual budget. 

john Annaloro, Crafts Center 
director, said he felt the fee was 
discriminatory, and that 50me 
form of financial aid was 
necessary for students who 
could not afford it. 

Under the new program, a 
student may volunteer for three 
hours of work per quarter to pay 
for a class. The work would 
involve the general upkeep of 

the Center . 

Preview 

There are presently 100 class 
openings at the Center, in such 
areas as photography, ceramics, 
and jewelry. A student who 
wishes to enroll under the work/ 
study program should contact 
Annaloro at X-2021. Registration 
closes Friday at noon . 

Poltery Area 

UCSD Monday, Seplember 30, 1974 

Hitch Requests $588.2 Million 
For UC's Budget In 1975 .. 1976 

The Un iversity of Cal ifornia 
proposed .1975-76 budget 
presented to the Regents last 
week by UC President Hitch 
ca lled for $588.2 million in State 
funds, an increase of $77 million 
(.15.1 percent) over 1974-75 to 
meet rising costs and the needs of 
a larger student body. The budget 
will be acted on at the October 
meeting. 

The total operating budget, 
including funds to operate the 
three major AEC laboratories and 
funds from all sources, amounts 
to $1 .6 billion, an increase of 
$118.6 million (7.9 percent) over 
1974-75 . A large part of the in-
crease, $26.8 million (22 .6 per-
cent) is needed to cover the rising 
costs of ongoing programs. 

Hitch also proposed a capital 
improvements budget which ca lls 
for $63.5 million -in State funds, 
$52 million in HealthScience Bond 
Issue funds, $21 million in 
Regents' appropriations and loan 
funds, $7 million in Education Fee 
funds and $5 .9 million in 
Registration Fee and Reserve 
funds. 

Of the $149.4 million total, 
$51 .6 million (34.6 percent) will 
be used to correct deficiencies in 
existing facilities which pose 
serious earthquaKe and fire 
hazards. 

In 1975, total HE (full-time 
equivalent) enrollment will in-
crease by 2,578 (from 114,845 
anticipated for 1974-75 to 
117,423).The enrollment increases 
will require an additional 215 
faculty positions and 112 
teaching assistant positions on 
the general campuses and 109 
new faculty positions in the 
health sciences and will permit 

UC to start a three-year program State for the University's Af-
to improve student-faculty and firmative Action Program. The 
undergraduate-teaching assistant 1974-75 request for funding for 
ratiO! ' the program was blue-pencilled 

The budget also proposes to by Governor Reagan and Regents 
shift $10.1 mill ion of Registration have subsequently allocated $1 
Fee income to State funding to million for this purpose. 
support activities basic to the 
academic process such as 
academic advising, deans of 
students offices, financial aids 
administration , admissions ·and 
registrar's offices . The budget also 
proposes to shift $2.5 million 
from the Registration Fee to the 
Education Fee to support student 
placement and career planning 
activities. 

The budget includes a $2 .6 
million increase over the 
$250,000 being provided by the 

Health Science 

. The proposed expenditure of 
$52 million from Health Science 
Bond Issue funds completes the 
$155 .9 million expenditure 
authorized by voters in 
November 1972, and would 
commit $36.5 million for specific 
projects while reserving the 
balance ($15 .5 million) for cost 
increases associated with ap-
proved and proposed projects. 

..--------The (ondidotes-------, 
Helms Helps Richardson 

by 'ames G. Soto 
Controversial Republican 

Senator jesse Helms made a rare 
California visit Saturday when he 
spoke in San Diego on behalf of 
H . L. Richardson, who was 
holding a fundraiser for his U.s. 
Senate campaign . 

Helms and Richardson, 
speaking at a press conference 
and later at a luncheon at the 
Atlantis Restaurant, commented 
on the problems of the day, 
especially inflation, from their 
traditional conservative point of 
view. Helms, the junior senator 
from North Carolina, has recently 
gained national attention for his 
opposition to the nomination of 
Nelson Rockefeller as Vice-
President . 

Rocky: "Reservations" 

New York indicated ." 
" 1 was hoping that President Ford 
would have chosen the Governor 
of California (Reagan) for the 
Vice Presidential spot ." 

Discontent 
Helms said, " There js 

discontent in my state with the 

UC Lobby Represents Student lnte.rests Senator Helms, who won election to the Senate in 1972 in a 
state that is 85% Democrat, 
outlined his "reservations" to 
Rockefeller'S nomination in 32 
detailed questions concerning his 
former role as governor of New 
York. One of the questio.ns dealt 
with the role Rockefeller's 
brother, David, of the Chase 
Manhatten Bank, played in the 
merger of the financially troubled 
New York Transit Authority and 
the prosperous Tribourough 
Bridge Authority. 

by Mark Stadler 
The UC Student Lobby is a 

state-wide group that brings 
pressure on leg~lators to pass 
bi'lIs beneficial to student in-
terests, as represented by the 

Passage of Bills 
Formed in February of 1971 as a 

branch of the President's Council, 
the Lobby's job is to research 
issues, present them to the 
Council, and then lobby in the 

Daryl Fanberg 
Student Body President's Council . 

Accordi ng to UCSD Lobby 
director Daryl Fanberg, some of 
the important issues for the 
coming year include the disputed 
privacy of student files, 
presenting input to the 1975-76 
UC budget, keeping tuition fees 
at their current level and 
upervising the implementation 

of affirmative action on cam-
puses. 

~te leltislature for passage of 
biliS pertarning to student issues. 

According to Fanberg, there are 
three Lobby directors who work 
in Sacramento, and occasionally 
at the UC Davis campus who are 
given information about student 
attitudes by the clnnex directors 
on each campus. 

The annex director's task IS to 
provide a link ~ween the 
students and lobby leaders, to 

handle voter registration drives, 
and to promote on-campus 
lectures by legis\lators. 

Success 
Since its inception, the Lobby 

has had success in both financial 
and political arenas. It secured a 
total of 4.1 million dollars in 
additional student financial aid 
from 1972 through 1974, and at 
the March, 1972 Board of Regents 
meeting it blocked an attempt at 
increasing UC medical school 
tuition . Again in 1972 it gained 
passage of AB 1133, which exem-
pt d ASSOC iated tudents of the 
Univ rsity of California property 
from taxation . 

fanberg said the Lobby' future 
goal include raising the student 
vote percentage In order to 
maximize the students' political 
influence, and to inform the 
students of issue . 

Holding down tuitIon fee~ will 
be a continuing battle, along with 
working to gain a better learning 
environment with smaller classes 
and better student-professor 
relationships. 

A recent newspaper poll ranked 
the Lobby number twelve 
amoung the 675 California 
lobbies It was ahead of the high 
paid lobbyist hired by the 
University of California It elf 

Both Helm and Richardson 
expressed the view that although 
they would have voted for 
Rockefeller's nomination in the 
past despite phi 10 ophical dif-
ferences, they will wait for full 
di closure on the questions raised 
by Helms . tate enator 
RIC hardson added that 
Ro kefeller was a " Iousy choice 
as hi performance ~ governor of 

Bill Richardson 
\yay President Ford has been 
handling certain issues . The 
amnesty question is not a top 
priority problem . I have more 
respect for the problems of MIA 
(Missing in Action) families than 
those who ran away from th is 
country." 

Senator jesse Helms described 
himself as favoring a balanced 
budget. He said that Alan 
Cranston . Richardson'S opponent 
. has consistently voted against all 
attempts to balance the budget. 
" 1 think the people of California 
need to have a clear chOice and 
they have it in Bill Richardson" 
Helm ·continued. 
. Richard on, upported by 



M,'r and Kaye cleaned up the 
Triton imes office the other day, 
and I d to perk up. It was more 
or I s impossible for me to 
sustalO the blue funk I had settled 
into in the corner, with a paper 
and bad coffee, with these two 
balls :)f energy bouncing around . 

" If I'd known this place was 
such a mess, I would've brought a 
bucket ." She approached 
Malcolm's desk. "Cood Cod by lohn H. T~ylor 
Almighty," she said. 

The women who regularly cleaned the office were sick, and Mary 
and Kaye were filling in . I had never really understood why anyone 
would want to clean up after us in the first place, but Mary and Kaye 
apparently thought it hadn't been done well enough . 

"Look at this mess here," said Mary, sweeping under Malcolm's d~sk . 
"You didn't make all this mess in one day, did you?" 

I quickly stuffed a pile of news releases and two empty coke bottles 
into my top desk drawer, but I couldn't get it shut because of all the 
stuff that was already in there. " Yes, Malcolm IS messy, you see. 
Messier than most," I said, putting all my weight Into trying to close 
the drawer. 

While Mary swept, Kaye dashed around emptying ash trays and 
wastebaskets, cleaning desk tops and generally straightening up. Mary, 
after telling me to move so she could sweep under my desk (where a 
salt shaker had been emptied the day before) said that I shouldn't get 
married until I finished school. 

" If I had an education, I wouldn't be sweeping floors, I'll tell you ." I 
looked at the pile of salt on the floor . " That's what I tell my kids. I got a 
son at Mesa College this year, too; he's gonna learn to use his head 
instead of his 'hands. 

"Course he could've gone to school a little closer to home," she 
laughed. ':Cuess he wanted to get as far away as he cou ld, to do his 
thing." 

A man in a blue parka walked into the office . "Hey lover boy," said 
Mary and Kaye. "Lover boy" had been a resident in one of the Revelle 
dorms, on Mary and Kaye's floor, and had been a wild one, according 
to Kaye. 

"One day he asked me to bring him a clean towel, and he had a 
whole darn bar in his room." She laughed , "And he thought I was going 
to turn him in or something." 

Lover boy, just a little embarassed, added, "That was four or five· 
years ago . I was just a freshman ." 

Mary said, "Once the RA asked me to be telling him what was 
happening on the floor . I told him I wasn't any pimp, and if he wanted 
to know what was going on he could check it out himself." 

Mary and Kaye seem to be as in touch as anyone with the Revelle life 
processes, mostly through their intimate knowledge of morning-after 
chaos. "One morning," said Mary, " I went into one of the common 
rOQms, and there was chocolate cake smeared all over the walls, with 
feathers stuck to it, and all over everywhere else. I said the hell With 
this and started knocking on doors ." A subsequent conversation, as 
Mary related it, was accompanied by Kaye's mirth : 

"I said, 'Cet up and help me clean up this mess.' 
"What?" (This through a bedroom door.) 
"' I said get up and get out.' 
"' I don't wanna get up.' 
''' I said get the hell out here.'" 
He got out. "Then he wants to start apologizing all over the place. I 

told him to forget the apologizing and start scrubbing the walls ." 
Then Mary turned to Kaye. "You know that bunch up in the corner of 

Argo last year? They're back-every one of them." 
Kaye groaned. 
"They better start call in' me to ask who to keep and who to let go ." 
Kaye said, " But there're some kids you never forget as long as you 

live. I have an Easter card in my Bible ~igned by every girl on one floor 
of Blake." (Oh, yes, Mary and Kaye say, girls are cleaner, but boys are 
friendlier, having to cope with deep-set guilt complexes.) 

"I used to work in a store, and I'll tell you I'd rather be here with kids 
than waiting on some raunchy person on a rainy day." 

When Kaye and Mary said goodbye and left, leaving the office clean, 
I put the coke bottles in the empties rack and threw all the news 
releases in the wastebasket. 

...-------The (ondidotes------, 

Helms and Richardson 
Continued from Page 1 

Helms, said that he was against 
all subsidies to industry, 
agriculture and to social 
programs such as food stamps. 
They both supported President 
Ford's proposed delay in Federal 
pay iflc reases. Richardson said 
the l :ongress sold out again to a 
spec al interest for five million 
vote •. 

Ri ch;!rrlo;oll scent most of his 
5pea~ing time talking' about the 

problems of Inflation . "Most 
inflation is caused by Federal 
deficit spending. This deficit 
spending and the resulting in-
flation hurt people on filted in-
comes and marginal workers ." 

though Richardson admits he 
is far behind Cranston, he says his 
campaign is gaining momen-
tum and that people will be more 
impressed with a campaign of 
issues rather than a campaign of 
pcrcnr>Rlity . 

PaRe 2 Triton Times September 30, 1974 

In this issue, the Tn/on Times 
begins what will be a rotaling ~olumn 
devoted 10 each 01 UCSD's jour 
~olleges, E~h ~ollege will have spa~e, 
every 10llr isslles, 10 be IIsed accordl1lg 
pn'man'/J 10 whal is submilled to the 
respectIVe Associale City Edilor, , 

II is, then, YOllr colll",n. If YOII wtsh 
10 sllbmit material, annOllncements, 
events, or anything else pertaining 10 
yOllr college, get iliO Ihe Tn/on Times, 
ocare 01 YOllr ~ollege 's Asso~iale City 

large enrollment has resulted in expected 
problems : a shortage of faculty, 
classrooms, and hOUSing. In addition, the 
Muir Commons Dining Room is now too 
small to accommodate demand. 

Assistant Muir Dean, Fred Henderson, 
said that one of the problems of .over-. 
enrollment in previous years was in-
creased cheating among students . 
College Dean Jim Beckley added, 
. however, that this year's Muir students 
are learning to cope with the problems, 

The Muir Reporter A feAture, ;appeArina every four Iu .... , deallna with Muir Collele exclusively. Address 
m~terl.1 to Muir Collele 
AssociAte Citt Editor. 2 

b·(/llor. 
We reserve Ihe nghllo exer~ise our 

own judgemenl as 10 what will appear, 
and 10 edil any malena'ihal we choose 
10 run . 

The first inslallment was prepared 
by James G. SOlo, Associale Cily 
Edilor deslgnale, Mllir. 

This year Muir College has an 
enrollment which exceeds 3200. MUir 
was designed to accomodate 2200 
students. Provost John Stewart said the 

and that everybody seems to be working 
together . 

Among the programs Muir College will 
sponsor this year include Page One, an 
academic assistance organization which 
Beckley hopes will be utilized by 
students. Next week the Deans' office 
will also sponsor, concurrently with Page 
One, a Deans' Rap Group, in which 
continuing students will meet with new 
students and discuss the college's 

nrohlpm~ 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
Register to Vote 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-to-date, 
176-page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our materials are sold for 

research purposes only 

N OW:: ::::::::: Nov. , *If you're new here 
Students can 
register at their 
college address 

*" you did not vote in 
Nov. 1972 

DEADLINE , 
SUNDAY OCT. 6 

La Jolla Bank & Trust Co welcomes the students 
and faculty of the UCSD. co~munity In Its 1974·75 
academic year. Visit our bank and learn of the 
Dlany services we provide you, such as: 

• • FREE: Checking aeeounts ••• no minimum 
balance ••• no service c'harge 

FREE: First 50 custom bank cheeks 

FREE:Bank.By.Mail w·ith pre.paid 
. postage 

FREE: Ample parking below the bank 

DRIVE·UP BANKING 
OPEN DAILY 8:00 AM·5:30 PM 
OPEN SATURDAYS 9:30 AM·12:30 PM 

PROSPECT & IVANHOE 
~ 

LA JOLLA, CA 92037 
(714) 459-9711 

MEMBER F.D.I.C. 

Aart-Vark 
by Barbara Weintraub 

San Diego, by its very make-up, is a commuter city . To get 
anywhere that's anyplace, one must possess an automobile . Un-
fortunately , this rule also applies to San Diego's cu ltural centers . 

Balboa Park offers a museum comp lex that includes a Fine Arts 
Gallery and the Museum of Man. On e)(hibit at the Callery through 
October 27 is " 11 Ways of Seeing". Yousuf Karsh , a Canadian 
photographer, has captured the physiognomies of ten world-renown 
artists. Along with the photographs are the artists' paintings, graphics, 
and sculpture, all of which makes for an interesting collection of art. 

Opening Saturday at the Gallery IS the San Diego Art Guild's Fall 
Exhibition . Of the 162 works submitted by Guild members, only 37 
were selected for the juried show. The Guild itself is made up of over 
300 profes5ioni\1 artists, and ceramicists from the San Diego area. This 
show, promises to be one of the finest showcases for local talent. 

On the musical scene, season tickets for the San Diego Symphony 
are available with a 50% student discount. Along with the full series 

Here To Hear 
The Student Center houses 

more goodies than many students 
have to discover. One of its 
lesser-known tenants is KSDT, the 
student-run radio station. KSDT is 
the only true free-farm radio 
station in ·San Diego. As such, its 
programmi ng runs from 
progressive rock to jazz, soul 
country, folk, and classical . In 
fact, you can hear any style of 
music at any time of day, as KSDT 

broadcasts a full 24 hours . get Involved, or even if you have 
some wild ideas for radio, come 
to the staff meeting tonight at 8 
o'clock The station IS located in 
the Student Center across from 
the gym 

KSDT is always looking new 
faces . Openings are now 
available in nearly eve ry 
department, in c ludin g 
engineering, news radio drams, 
and public affairs . For anyone 
with previous electronics ex-
perience, a paid position as Chief 
Engineer IS open 

KSDT broadcasts at 5 40540 
AM on the UCSD campus, and for 
those liVing off-campus, at 99.5 
rM over the Southwestern cable. If you are Interested in any of 

these openings, have an urge to KSDT " We're here to hear." 

/ Theatre: Larry Deckei" 
Butley 

The Cassius Carter Theatre production of 
"Butley" seemed pretty slick and polished last 
Tuesday at the opening of the Globe/ Carter season, 
and yet something about it certainly wasn't 
clICking. Programs rustled , bodies sqUirmed, and 
even some vacant seats appeared after the in-
termission . 

" Butley" is a play by Simon Gray centering 
around the life force of one Ben Butley, a soul with 
no direction left in life, no longer interested in 
teaching English in a London Un iversity, separated 
from his wife and estranged from his homosexual 
lover . 

Neither Butley himself, nor those around him are 
ever certain of just what 's left to his life, as Butley's 
world is one in which the real feelings are masked 
continually by a brilliant facade of language and 
wit. The humor and the depth of the play come 
from this survival kit of a man with a T.S. Elliot! 
Beatrix Potter mind. 

William Roesch carries the weighty and pivotal 
role of Butley on his shoulders . He does an ad-
mirable job bounding through the piles of language 
which are Butley's defense and escape from the 
world . And yet, something about his performance 
goes awry and with it the production staggers in 
confusion . 

In the opening half hour or so, the problem 
seemed to be one of insecurity with the piece. 
Roesch was pushing all too hard at communicating 
with his audience, fighting for the laughs which at 
best should have been understanding smiles, and 
working madly at trying to show us just how wry 
Mr. Butley could be. He winked, chortled, grimaced 
fiercely, and generally editorialized the part trying 
to gain ground with the audience . 

As the play progressed, however, and the 
demands for pace slowed down enough to allow 
Mr. Roesch enough time to begin adding some 
process (a method to his madness), the problem 
appeared to be much more one of either Roesch's 
or Director Asaad Kelada 's idea of just what Butley 
was about. 

Throughout the first act, we saw Butley un· 
masked, which in turn defeated the purpose of the 
play. The brilliance in the play lies in Butley's 
abi lity to mask his insides with his verbal onslaught. ~ Roesch 's Butley, all the insides are hanging out in 

the open like wet wash When frustrated , Roesch 
plays frustration , when angry Roesc h plays anger, 
and the language whICh IS supposed to hide all 
these inner feelings hasn't a chance, as the feelings 
.Ire as obvious as all hell Hence Roesch's Butley 
lacks all of th e tantalization , interest , and 
lascination that the character should . possess. 

It 's too bad actually, because the show is 
technically in very good shape. The pace is solid, 
and the produciton complete. Yet, through thiS one 
flaw of Intent , the plays feels much like a V-8 
engine running on six cylinders . 

The supporting cast tends to rise to this level of 
competence, and works more for a British twittiness 
than true portrayals. Ross Anderson as Joey has a 
fine voice, yet seems very uncomfortable moving 
on stage. The various students who pop in and 
quickly out of Butley's office all make splendid 
expectant entrances, hut then quickly break 
character after their last scripted line is spoken . 
Most of them all take Butley's very unscholastic 
attitude er1tirely for granted and fail to deal with 
him as a human being. 

On the bright side however, Frank White turns in 
a nicely controlled performance as Reg Nulta!, 
Butley's rival for Joey's affections . Unlike Roesch, 
he did not feel it necessary to indicate his inner 
emotions under the text to assure us that he had 
some . . Hence his short second act appearance 
proved to be the strongest scene in the . play. Also 
good in a small role was Timothy Dean Mackey, as 
Mr. Gardner, the student with the plumed hat. 

Butley at its best is a thought-provoking study 
into the insecurities that can crush a human being. 
The fact that the second act was far more satisfying 
than the first, seems to indicate that Roesch can 
communicate the crushed Butley far better than 
Butley on top . 

To this effect, we can only hope th.at Mr. Roes~h 
will concentrate on Butley's natural wit and aVOid 
catering to the audience by letti ng us see .emotions 
which ideally Butley would never show In public. 
When and if thiS happens, the natural humor which 
belongs to the pi e will take over: the~~ will no 
longer be any need to "play the audle.nce , and the 
Cassius Carter will have itself an exciting piece of 
intelligent theatre. 

McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW 

UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 
SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 

April 30, 1975 it -.pplic~tion de~dline lor fint-year students seeking juris doctor dearee in J-year O:"y or 
4·ye~, Evenina proar.m bqinninl in 111M or SeptemMr, 1975, 

PRE-LAW DISCUSSION FOR PROSPECTIVE LAW STUDENTS 
OATE:TuesUY TIME: 2:30 - 4:30p.m. PlACE:UCSD 

Oct. 1, 1974 
FOR APPOINTMENT Cont~cI Thomu Hall 
OR FURTHER INFORMA nON Vice Chancellor', Olfice 

of 12 concerts, a half-series is offered at the same discount. The 
season opens Thursday with music director Peter Eros conducting the 
orchestra in Beethoven 's "Leonore" Overture, o . 3, Strauss' "Don 
Juan" and Brahms' First Symphony. Concerts are performed at the 
Civic Theatre in downtown San Diego. 

Although season ti ckets for the San Diego opera are sold out, half-
price student tickets will be available throughout the season . The 
opening show, "Manon", starts October 30 With Carol Neblett in the 
lead role. 300 student tickets for this first show are available el(-
elUSively at the Student Center box office from October 2 to the 16. 
Contact Lynn White at 452-4090 for further information 

Nearer to home, the La lolla Museum of Contemporary Art IS 
starting the fall With three new and outstanding programs. The first IS 
a major exhibition entitled " Arman, Selected Workes . 1958-1974" 
Sponsored by the National Endowment for the Arts, this exhib ition IS 
the first museum retrospective of Arman 's work in the United States 
Arman was a leader in the development of Nouveau Realisme In 
Europe and has also been important in the development of Ameri can 
Pop Art. Including approximately 70 works, the exhibition will remalll 
In La Jolla until October 27 . 

The first of the Surrealism Film Series will be presented thiS evening 
at 8 pm in Sherwood Hall. 'The films, Man Ray's " L'Etoile de M er" 
(1928), Rene Clair's " Entr'acte" (1924), and Jean Cocteau 's " Blood of a 
Poet" (1930) are the vanguard of the surrealistic fi lm wave . The series 
contln ues With tour more bimonthly presentations. Call the museum 
at 454-0183 for ticket information . 

Continued on Page 7 
<;, .~'PRESEN'l'~JY/flC ~ ~~~~J~'~ ifyo~_~ r~~~~ 0ct1.1 ~~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ l 

TtGK£10 : UCSD6TUc€NrWITER , ALL 'IC.KETRON OUTLEt 
\5t-l~ RtCOR1)~-OOLANA &AC.H,(NtINlTA5 

f. ':' = r :-' :. p 

~~ 
~r!~~. ~e)~1! mntF~ 

STUDENTS .EKf£. NlD AAPPV J.lCX.JR 
PRIC..E..S ALL W ITE .. 

INU~~VE HUI.!:., 
!.PIR rT4, PI~ Of 

IlU.ft/~T~ 
Foos.aA\.L, ... DNUHb 
11) 1i6fo4i. M U·" fitS 
~.ANtl!.. 

II AM ~ ~. JtM'P'J 
I'aR DAILIj FrllH II 'TN.8 . ~~ ~ 
AT 9 Pk 7 N1TE& ~t}~ ~TI 

@ - .,%(. 3. Bla.kS J:~ iR£ ~~ 
2,1{,-i413 IN P. B. '- . • ... , 



I 
• 

New Machine For Diagnosing 
Brain Disease 'Used At UCSF 

AcademiC! nditioning 

SAN FRANCISCO-Thanks to a giant 2'h-ton 
S3S0 000 machine installed recently at the 

Univ~sity of California, San Francisco, it will be 
possible for the first time to produce acc4rate. 
detailed photographs of brain tissue. 

The new system, developed in Creat Britain, is 
called the EMI Scanner. It is an unique, computer-
aided X-ray machine that may revolutionize 
diagnosis of diseases of the brain . 

The scanner combines conventional X-ray with a 
computer to show the brain in cross sections . It is 
designed to get .precise information, with a sen-
sitivity and detail hitherto unobtainable, on a wide 
range of brain disord~s, including strokes and 
other effects of arteriosclerosis, hemorrhages, 
cancers, benign brain tumors and birth defects. 

Advantages of the EMI Scanner over con-
ventional X-ray include: 

less X-ray radiation 
more sensitivity to stroke diagnosiS 
pain1ess, no anesthesia required 
a safe. easy way to "follow" a patient's case . 
a more precise procedure to evaluate epilepsy 
can be performed on an out-patient basis 

When asked how the machine operates, Dr. l .H. 
Newton, professor of radiology and chief of 

neuroradiology. explains : " It takes five minutes for 
the scanning unit's sensitive X-ray detectors to 
rotate in 180 o~egree steps around the patient's 
head and record 28,800 readings from each of two 
adjacent layers of the brain . 

"The computer then processes and translates this 
information into a computer print-out. a pattern of 
numbers showing the tissue densities. and into a 
picture on a cathode-ray tube viewing unit. "!"he 
picture, similar to a TV screen, which re~Ulres 
interpretation by a neuroradiologlst, IS ~val lable 
approximately six minutes after the patient has 
been scanned. 

" The picture may be examined immediately and 
photographed with a specially equipped PolarOid 
camera for permanent records and later study," 
says Dr. Newton . 

By comparing pictures taken at different levels, 
neuroradiologists can determine the depth of a 
tumor distinguish between types of tumors, and 
assess'damage caused from strokes: 

Dr. Newton says that "the full extent of the 
capability of the EMI Scanner has not yet been 
realized . It will complement and may replace older, 
more conventional methods of diagnosing diseases 
of the brair ." - Jim Crawford 

Sociol<Xlists Learn 
.., 

F rom Scientists 
SANT A BARBARA --When 

social scientists ge t people 
together fro an experiment, they 
face problems never encountered 
by their colleagues in other 
sciences. 

" The fact is that an experiment 
with human subjects is both a 
scientific event and a 'social' 
event," according to the editors 
of a new book designed to help 
social !cientists adapt the ex-
perimental methods developed in 
the natural sciences to social 
research situations. 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH USTHIS 

WEEKEND. 

"Conducting an experiment 
with human subjects necessarily 
involves the experimenter and the 
subject " in a system of social 
interacting with each other , 
interaction in which the 
motivations of both subject and 
experimenter and the manner in 
which ed h defines the situation 
may adversely affect the validity 
of the research findings, " the 
editors state. A basic tenet of the 
book is that the experimental 
design method is an indispensible 
scientific technique, one well 
worth the effort needed to 
elimi nate its flaws. AND GET ON 

TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhound, and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing . You leave when you 
like . Travel comfortably . Arrive refreshed and on time . 
You'll save money, too, over the increased air 
fares . Share the ride with us on weekends . Holidays . 
Anytime . Go Greyhound . 

--Bob English 

by john S"odgrass 
Science Editor 

Behavior control, though it 
calls to mind the visions of Hitler 
or Kubrick, when defined in a 
general way is anotnef-word for 
any conditioning that facilitates 
cooperation among human 
beings. Isolated sources of social 
conditioning are difficult to 
identify, as they are interwoven 
and hybridized in the combined 
form we label technology . 
Technology, by this ge neral 
definition, is anything man in-
vents to bring him into closer 
contact with his fellow man . 
Speech is a rudimentary 
technology. It evo lved , by 
hybridization with an electric 
device, into the telephone call. 
As technologies advance, they 
can traverse greater distances in 
les tim, thus causing a com-
mUnicaiton Implosion, not to 
mention a space implosion . War 
technology, so threatening on 
this now shrunken planet , fills in 
the gaps left by imperfect 
ommunicai ton technology . 

Change in communication is 
therefore the relevant fa tor . And 
although it is clear no on nJoys 
the prospect of personal freedom 
goi ng to the wall, especially in 
the Land of the Free, it must be 
admitted that as communication 
becomes more sophisticated, 0 
does society's control over the 
individucll. Nixon is here a case in 
point 

But why should technology be 
considered in terms of com-
munication and not, for instance, 
as simply a response to man's 
matHial needs? It is a matter in 
which definition gives us more 
insight into the future . 
Technology is a product of man's 
brain . Man's brain functions 
dually as the center of com-
munication within his body for 
cells and groups of cells, and 
literally (more and more) without 
his body in his social en-
vironment. 

To understand the con nection, 
one need only assume the 
escalation of technology and ItS 
"effect" on communication. If 
communication becomes more 
efficient, then in a given amount 
of time the brain will com-
municate more. It is this fact 
whi h lends credence to the now 
famous Parkinson 'S Law, which 
tates that work expands to fill 

the time allotted for It. Combined 
with Nietzsche 's observation that 
" thought prevents action ," we 
have what is manifest in so iety 
as a restriction of personal 

. freedom. An example In support 
of this view is the businessman 
who spends his day on the 
telephone, and his eveni ng 
processing a barrage of data from 
his TV. He has no time to be free. 
A serious student finds himself in 
a similar position . 

evolve together, have 
definable relationships ( 
the motive force b 
technology . A studen 
SCience, we learn spec 
languages which enable 
describe a spectrum ot 
I n other words, If you 
SUI ng a defin It e major, 
perspective on reality IS 
ertal n extent modi fied 

specialized language 
mastering III order to 
One obvious upshot 
restriction of your f 
communicate with 
other fields . That 
munlcaiton barrier. 

Jonas Salk, feeling 
that this was det· : ~an"l. 
reative research, 

the specia lists in his 
meet regularly to exchange 
It would seem that if we 
make the best use rJ. 
technology we must 
c i rcumven t its par 
tendency, while int.,"r~l­
socially. to isolate us 
dividuals. To avoid the 
somnambulance so 
predicted, we must h.,,~rtli. 

GREYHOUND SERVICE 
This brings up the point of self-understanding to 

education . Education, science, the pervasive effects 
and technology, though they "has on us, especially 

ONE- ROUND- YOU CAN YOU 
TO WAY TRIP LEAVE ARRIVE 

loA. l .eM '1.71 4:l1li pm 1:20 pm 
1:l1li pm 1:20 pm 

EI C.mro I.- '1 .02 11:30 am 2:11 pm 10:30 pm 1:10 am 

Alvenlde '.21, 11 .13 12:11 pm 2:. 1:l1li pm 1:21 

Lon. Bch. 1.30 10.07 1:10 am 10:12 am 
3:. pm 6:. 

Sam. Ana 4.12 t .1' .... m 11:00 
3:l1li pm 1:01 pm 

GO GREYHOUND 
.•• and I88V8 th8 drIVIng 10 III e 

Pap 4 Triton Timet September 30. 1974 
• 

MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICANTS 

Amencan Medical Col-
leae Admissions Profile. 
Inc.. offers a com-
puterized analysis to assist 
you in more effectively as-
sessina your qualifications 
and more accurately di-
rectinl your medical 

school applications . Your 
MCAT scores, grade point 
averaae, canele attended, 
state of residence, aae and 
other criteria are used in a 
comparative analysis with 
the previously accepted 
class at the medical 

schools you select. 
Contact your pre-

medical advisor for further 
information or write 
A.M.C.A_P., Inc., Box 
8747, Boston, MaS' 
sachusetts 02114. 

., 0 

educational system . If as students 
we reap the greatest advantages, 
such as the opportunity to change 
things, we also reap it s greatest 
abuse-academic conditioning-
which is undeniably one of the 
most stringent forms of behavior 
control. Can we get around it, at 
least in part? 

I/the media actually reflects 
the language 0/ those it is 
supposedly serving, as some 
hold it does, then the quality 
and quantity 0/ the con-
tributions to the science 
section o/the Tn'ton Times 
over the past lear would 
indicate a genera Illiteracy in 
English . Not that this is the 
case. However, it is our 
opinion that in a world 0/ 
increasingly rapid com -
munication , leaders, no 
matter what their field, rise 
through the media . This is 
because loday, as never 
be/ore, the instant speed 0/ 
electn'c information allows us 
to see the patterns 0/ ch:mge 
in an exponentially evolving 
technology and to act upon 
this understanding . A person 
unconcerned with the 
evolution of technology is 
either underestimating ils 
speed or WIlling to blindly 
surrender his services up to 
those who are . 

Dun'ng the Fall quarter, this 
page will appear every 
Monday . We are interested in 
more than jusl UC current 
events. We would like to pn'nl 
your opinion . GOI one? 

Brain's Own System 
. '" 

May Relieve Pain 
LOS ANCELES-A new ap-

proach to easing pain based upon 
a pain-inhibiting mechanism in 
the brain, is being studied by a 
UCLA psychologist. 

Dr . John C Liebeskind , 
associate professor of 
psychology, activates the paln-
inhibiting mechanism by elec-
trical stimulation of the brain . He 
is working with experimental 
anima l s, but some 
neurosurgeons, he points out, 
have successfully .treated pain in 
humans through brain electrical 
stimulation 

Until recently the emphasis has 
been on interrupting the pain 
pathway or "cutting out" pain . 
Now it is possible to use what 
seems to be a natural pain 
inhi bition system in the brain just 
waiting to be activated. 

This is an extreme approach 
when used on humans, Dr. 
Liebeskind points out. Subjects 
must walk around with electrodes 
implanted in thei r heads. In 
addition , pain has a useful 
function, signalling when danger 
to the body is near. However, 
there are many intractable pains 
which serve no useful purpose. In 
these cases, stimulation may be a 
good approach. 

Chemical stimu lation of the 
pain inhibition mechanism is 
much less radical than electrical 
stimulation. But practical 
hemical devices have not yet 

been discovered. Morphine is one 
chemical that seems to act on the 
brain in a manner similar to 
electrical stimulation and at the 
same si te. However , morphine is 
impractical because it has un-
desirable side effects. It is ad-

dictlve, and one must keep In-
creasing the dosage. 

The brai n IS very dynamiC In Its 
regulation of pain sensation It is 
capable of letting pain through 
on one occa"Sion and screening It 
out on another occasion In fact, 
there is reason to believe that all 
sensory systems work this way. 
There IS a constant balanCing and 
Interplay that determines what 
reaches the highest centers of the 
brain . 

th firs t lime In Florence In the 
fall of 1975 . Dr Klebesklnd IS 
starting a California chapter of 
thiS organization and is sending 
out a letter, under the names of 
45 UCLA faculty members, in-
viting others to JOin In annual 
meetings 

Th In itial thrust of much of 
the experimentation on pain is 
theoretical. But Dr. Liebeskind 
and other researchers are 
delighted when they find there is 
a possible clinical application. 

I n the past decade there has 
been an enormous surge of in-
terest in studying pain . One new 
organization, for example, is the 
International Association for the 

Campus Program Board 
presents 

Manhattan Project's 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND 

Ron Hurwlt 

According to N.Y. Times ... "A Nursery 
Tale for a savage nursery." 

Oct. 12, 1974 
8:30 Gym 

Limited Audience 
UCSD Student $2 
Genl. Adm . $3 

ickets available Student Center Box 0 
For information call: 452-4092 

fit 
fit 
III 

~ 
a 
~ a 
r-. -c 

..--. 0 ~ ~ 'P" Z 
.c III ~ ~ .. :I III II) ID ~ ~ III :. ~ 
III - III ~ II ... ~ > 

-2a: G 0 III 111111111 Z Z >Z~ Z t-
o >- - t-Z~ua= -c 
> ... ZIIIO a: IIZIll» III CD aO~ t-
.. 

... ;;:10 fit 
-=~IIIIIIZ G -c~>a III ~ C- ~ ~~Oza Z ~OZ~:I C 0> ...... 00 u > >~ 

...... ...... 

-- - -

•• 

Poll. S Triton Tim~s Sept~m~r 30, 1'74 



~Allende wasn't to hive been killed~ He WIS supposed 
to lave mi5Ded and been ~ven a pardoD~' 

R.,mnted from L.A. Tim .. 

'I AM PUAJID TO a.POIIY '"AT TIfT WILL II a.ING _I ON URYM AI n II IN MlAYINI' 

,triton times 
Editor 
Malcolm Smith 

M~~li"l Editor 
Edward Simons 

City Editor 
John Taylor 

Copy Editor 
Joni Moody 

Business M~maler 
Mi~e Robinson 

Editori~1 Director 
Charles Hei~er 

Arts Editor 
LarrY Deckel 

Sports Editor 
Kirk Robinson 

Science Editor 
John Snodgrass 

PhotOlr~phy Editon 
Tad Sperry 
Howard Erlanger 

Assoc. City Editon 
David Cassidy 
Valerie Girard 
Mark Woebler 

Secret~ry 
Kathy Coxe 

The TRITON nMES I. offlclllily ....:ognl.ed .. a etudent _apaper 
IIy the Communlc.tlon Board of the Unlvaralty of California, Sen 
DIego, l21l:I7. Publication I. on Mondav., Weclneedlly., .nd Friday • . 
Offlc .. a .. located In Room "7, Blak. Hall, Rw .... Campua. For 
advartlalng, pi .... phone 4112·3411 or 412-3411; for editorllli or n.w. 
pi .... phone 4112-3411. Lett ... to t~ Editor a,. welcom •• nd .hould 
be .Igned. and typed on a 86-.pace line. 

P~le 6 Triton Time. September JO, 1974 

World s Dwindling Food Supply 

Due To Third World Soviet Bungling 
BY DANIEL ORR 

The Los Angeles Times' treatment of "World 
Food : the Age of Scarcity" (Opinion, Sept . 8) 
leflects an unfortunate ideological bias . All three 
articles-by Anne and Paul Ehrlich, Francis Moore 
Lappe, and Lester H. Brown-recite the familiar 
litany of a swinish America, collectively snuffling, 
squealing and grunting through mountains of 
dripping porterhouse, while the world outside 
starves. It is. difficult to imagine that any con-
structive purpose is served by that portrayal. It is 
absolutely certain that the absurd policy recom-
mendations embraced by the authors of all three 
-articles can be wantonly destructive. 

For we are told that we should first, out of 
compassion for humanity, substitute soybeans or 
God knows what for beef in our diet, the better to 
feed the world; and we should second turn over our 
agriculture to government planners . If we will do 
the first, we are told, the world's supply of protein 
would be adequate for a while; and the second will 
prevent the emergence of similar problems in the 
future. 

Even if we take a leap of great faith, and grant the 
validity of the calculations regarding protein 
supply, there are questions to be answered before 
we hasten to slaughter all our heads . How long 
would our sacrifice sustain our fellow man? One 
year? Ten? After the " surplus" created by the 
elimination of cattle is gone, what next? 
Presumably we will be asked to change our diets so 
that we can give up dairy products, eggs, and 
chickens: and our pets, which consume inordinate 
quantites of scarce protein, will be marked for the 

. stewpot . 

Meanwhile, of course, millions of sacred cows 
will continue to roam India, literally eating the rice 
from out of the mouths of Calcutta 's street 
dwellers; and agricultural output in the Soviet 
Union will continue to limp along at its past and 
current pathetic pace, a sacrifice to another sacred 
cow-the ideology of co llectivism. 

assertion reflects a stupendous ignorance of the 
facts of history, the lessons of experience, and the 
rudiments of social organization . Soviet agriculture 

is a continuing disaster of governmental 
manufacture: Read the history. 

"Shortages" in America are lesser disasters, also 
of governmental manufacture - the S1 .6S per 
bushel wheat sale to Russia being a recent poignant 
example. And as for government's ability to plan 
with intelligence and foresight, we can look to any 
of a hundred recent instances and see the folly of 
that hope. 

How, then, can we respond to the prospect of 
world famine? We can preserve successful in-
stitutions, scrap foolish government programs, and 
let nature take its course. Problems of a local or 
temporary nature, like the sub-Sahara, will continue 
to get charitable help, but we cannot treat all the 
world in that fash ion and hope to survive with our 
national integrity and productivity intact. 

Market pressures, acting through changes in 
relative price on world markets, will bring about 
more grain production and less livestock 
production (a fact that eludes most technocrats) . 
As in the past, under market arrangements, 
American farmers will continue to do more than 
their share in feeding the world . 

The problem that the world faces is not a product 
of American capitalist se lfishness; it is a product of 
widespread incompetence and improvidence in the 
Third World and the Soviet Union . Indeed, without 
the possibilities offered by American capitalist 
se lfishness, there would be no significant hope at 
all. 

The prospects are clear. We can continue to 
produce food in great volume for profit; or we «an 
heed the technocrats and crackpot Erlichian 
scientists and, following their recommendations , 
destroy the only reasonably efficient productive 
system in the world . Either way, there are people 
who will starve: In all likelihood, more the second 

But the climactic irony in all the welter of _w_a..:y ___ th_a_n_th_e_f_ir.;..st_. ___________ _ 
rubbishy proposals that these saviors have offered, 
with The Times' help, is found in the second 
recommendation : that government planning and 
regulation is ' a sine qua non of survival. That 

Daruel Orr is a Professor of Economics at VCSD. 
This article appeared as a letter to the Los 
Angeles Times on Sept. 21. 1974. 

No, It's Result of u.s. Ripping Off 
'BY WESLEY EVEREST 

Saturday, September 21, the Los Angeles Times 
sunk to a new low when it published a letter of 
Daniel Orr, professor of economics at UCSD. 
Apparently Mr. Orr is oblivious of the history of the 
world of the last thirty years. If there were any 
intelligence indicated in his letter, we would 
recommend an education for Mr. Orr, including an 
unsubsidized stay fOf one year in a Santiago (Chile) 
shantytown, followed (if he were still alive) by a 
one year ~tay in the worst hovel of Santiago, Cuba. 

is absurd. Notice that "economists" such as Mr. Orr 
do not laud the political system of Kuwait because 
of its prosperity . Nor are the pathetic examples of 
prosperity, such as Guatemala or the Philippines, 
ever lauded as monuments to the virtues of 
capitalism. 

Mr. Orr writes that "The problem that the world 
faces is not a product of American capitalist 
selfishness; it is a product of widespread in-
competence and improvidence in the Third World 

Since no intelligence was indicated, however, we and the Soviet Union." Apparently Mr. Orr is 
will not waste our efforts on Mr. Orr and instead unaware of .the history of the sub-Sahara, fOf 
address this article to the well-washed UCSD example, which he cites as an area for "charitable 
masses he may have infected. The first correction help." The indigenous people, according to Science 
to make is that the U.S. is not wealthy due to the magazine, Were nomadic cattle raisers who had a 
capitalist system of government; it is wealthy in stable, prosperous, peaceful economy. The French 
spite of it. And its "wealth" does not prevent its invaded and conquered the area, created artificial 
people from starving, as even CBS news has political boundaries, disrupting the carefully 
recently pointed out. Wealth is not enough . evo lved migratory patterns of the nomads, which 
Distribution is also a problem, and under capitalism were essential to the recovery of the grasses. 
distribution is always inequitable (China, on the, Further, the French planted "cash crops" of peanuts 
other hand, has eliminated hunger, let alone and cotton , which further disrupted migratory 
starvation, using co llecti ve farming . For praise of patterns, reduced available grazing land, and 
China's farms, see the New York Times, September caused overgrazing and irreparable damage to the 
24, p. 16.) The wealth of the U.S. can be easi ly grasses . Now a seven year drought, not uncommon 
traced to Its ground floor entry in the industrial (and also never before disastrous) in past history is 
revolution, its incredible resources, its avoidance of causing the Sahara to "march Southward", as the 
any damage during the two world wars, and its media glibly puts it, out of context of course. The 
exploitation, in varying degrees, of the rest of the French, having destroyed this potential Argentina 
" free" ~orld . Only the exploitation of other for Africa, have given the countries independence. 
countries and other peoples is the responsibility of Is this "Third World incompetence and im-
capitalism . Capitalism did not endow the U.S. with pravidence", Mr. Orr? Or is it the devastating ef-
the great plains and its reliable rainfall ; it did not fects of colonialist exploitation? 
give the U.S. oil, gold, and almost every other metal W t d t f UCSD ted t t k 
save tin and chrome. It did not endow it with its e s u en s 0 are ~x~c . 0 a e 
geographical distance from the European wars. courses from such as Mr. Orr. Th,s IS an Insult that 
After all this, to compare the U.S. economy with should not be tolerated . 
that of the Soviet Union, which did not start to 
industrialize seriously until well after the U .S., and 
then lost over twenty million men and had much of 
its countryiide devastated in the second world war, 

The article by Wesley Everett was left on the 
editorial director's desk. This led to the liftifll of 
Daniel Orr's letter from the L.A. Times. 

Aart-
Vark 

Continued from Page 3 

Another museum-s ponsored film series is liThe Ascent of Man" . 
The thirteen ·part series IS the work of the late Dr. Jacob Bronowskl. 
Although the project was originally .conceived by the aBC as a 
project to illustrate man's development thTough scienlific 
achievements, Bronowski incorporated into the project his own ideas 
of the Inter-relationship of science and the humanit ies . The resulting 

series has bE>en termed "an enormous undert cf< lng" by the 
Washington Post and IS consldprpd something of an epic The second 
and third episodes will be shown at Sherwood Hall Wednesday 
evening at 7 30. Again, for mor Information, call the museum at 454-
0183 

Look to Aartvark throughout the coming y~ar for a w ekly run· 
down of artistic and cultural happenings Any suggestions pertaining 
to subjects of interest will be welcomed 

I 
• 

Our standing challenge: taste and compare the good 
old-time flavor of Pabst with. any other beer. Once you 
taste Blue Ribbon quality, you'll never go back to the 
beer you 'were drinking. Take our challenge. We know 
Blue Ribbon will come out the winner, every time. 

Pabst. Since 1844. The quality has always come through. 
c Copyright, "" PABST BREWING COMPANY Mil" ,," "'". PtO". HOlqhll , III. N . .. . '. N J . L". Angol e. C,IoI . poesl G.org •• 

P.ll(<' 7 Triton Times eplember JO, 1974 



~---------------IIIIIIIII-what's happeningZIIIBIIIIIIIIIIa 
meetinp 

lien liP for .... VA HOIPhaI VoIu ....... 
~m. 

OrleetIItIon ...... ,.. on Sept. • lit .... 
VA HGePItIIl For further Informetlon 
.. A"n lit ....... ,., 

The AGe ...... ActvIeI,.. 0ffI0e ...... 
.n Invltlltlon to Third Coli ••• 
G,....1I,.. Sent .. on October 1. 1174. 
.t the Internedonel Center Loune •. 
T1ME IS RUNNING OUT1 Corn. to ttlie 
moetlne end '-m velueble Infarmetlon 
Hout deedlne det.. .rectu.te teete. 
job opportunltl... .tc. REFRESH· 
MENTSIII 

PRE·MED CLUI 
Frtdrt Oct. " .t 7 p.m. In lSI 21. 
IMed. School'. Mra. P.rk.. Pro-Mod. 
AdvllDr .nd Dr. Spooner will be 
pr_nt. F,..h .• nd Soph. oncoureeod 
to ettend. 

2ND STUDENT COOPERATIVE 
MEETING IS IEPTEMBER 30. 1:30 PM 
IN THE STUDENT CENTER LOUNGE. 
COME BE A PART OF TRUE PAR· 
T1CIPAT10N GOVERNMENT . ONE 
PERSON·-ONE VOTE. 11-301 

OASIS TUTOR MEET1NG Monc!ey Sept. 
30th It 7:00 p.m. In the Student C.nt.r 
.J,ounee. C.II 412-3710 or Bldll. 2110 
-M.nhewa C.mpu • . 11-301 

.,11 ................. Men .... women 
Inter ..... In Intero ........ Id rHIne 
_ to tho Revelle forme! lou,... 
Thura. Oct. I lit 7:30 p.m. Itf.ZI 

HORSEBACKRIDING CLUI 
Orgenlutl_1 ...... ,.. for •• 1ft. 
........ tudonta Thu ..... Oct. I. It 
.. In Roc .vm con'-_ room. 

It your'ra Into lOCIloimbing. beck· 
IIIckl,... akhourin •• ka.,.kl,.. com. to 
the fIrIt m .... ,.. of tho MUIR OUT1NG 
CLUI. SIIdoI wlH be ahown .nd plan. 
dlec_ed. Thur. I:. 2D23Ia. , ... , 

Com. to tho Union of J_lah .tudenta 
SUCClh IIIrty··Monc!ey. Sopt. • It 7:00 
pm. I.,.... Coneul D.vld Zoher will b. 
with u. to .hera In tho f .. tlvItIoI on the 
top floor of the .tudent ctr. U .... ) 

The H. NOIlenl Co ... Polyn .. l.n Dlnc. 
Club mMta IVory Wed. & Thure. 1:30-
I :. It tho Int'I C.nt.r. All Int.re"ed 
lllre_ .ra .ncoure.ed to .n.nd. "0-
2) 

FOURTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Flret 
or •• nlz.tlonal m .. tlnlll for Coli ... 
Gov.mmant. Inform.1 Loung • . R.v.lI • 
Commonl. Wed .• Oct. 2: 12·1:30 p.m. 
• nd Thu,. .. Oct. 3: 1:30-8 p.m. (10-12) 

A.v.lI. Coff.. Hou.. Commltt •• 
.......... TuoodlY October 1. It t.tD 
p.m.ln .... ,nf_1 Lou,... l.-t to the 
Co-op Book.torel avorv_ WIIcome. 

.,1-.) 

HOT·AIR BALLOON·SCUIA ...... tlon 
.'on. coe .. el YUCUTAN .. . Ar· 
c .......... Louie NlallOI to IPMk to 
.... Intoreatod In • FREE ioctura Ilde 
ahow·orgonlutl_1 mootl,.. 1 p.m. on 
Fri. Oct. 4. Aztec Contor. SDSU. (10-4) 

The Surf Club .nd T .. m will m .. t Tu ... 
Oct. 1 It I p.m. In the Rac. lIym con-
f_c. room. (1-.) 

notices 
UCSD Birth Control Clinic m .. te Mon. 
& Wed. PM'. It n.w Stud.nt Hllith. 
Stud.nta & p.rtner. w.lcom.. Birth 
control Info. coune.llng. .".m.. III 
m.t"od •• v.lI.ble It minlm.' charg • . 
CIII 4&2·.9 Tu • . • nd Thu,.. 9·3 pm. 
Mon. and W.d. 6-lpm for .ppt. or Info. 
(10-41 

Stud.nt Actlvitl .. Fair Oct. 2 In front of 
the Stud.nt Cent.r. If your 
orll.nlzltion would Ilk. to .. t up I 
booth.clli or ... Marco " .44&0 In the 
C.nt.r . 

The lIo-Chem Clinio II open from 2-1 
.nd '·10 .t Muir 2B 'BBI 2111. "·37111 
'0eeIa OffIce'. '10-41. 
Fell quarter CAPE'e .r. n_ .v .... b .. ,n 
the CAPE offIo.. L_ Muir Corn· 
mone. I&H Enterpr ..... ,,.,.., 

SEX CUNIC: Counoollne on Sollual 
Problem.. Wed.. 3-1: RIV"1e Coun-
.. lore Office (neer the Prov .. t OffIc.). 
Judith Jor •• nlln M.D.: Hu.h P.tll 
Ph.D. (11 ·211 

R.pr_ntetivil from the McGeor •• 
ColI.g. of Law 2:30-4:. p.m. Mond.y. 
Oct. 1. ("30) 

Th. Craftl C.nter I. off.rlnll fr .. 
.nrollment In the followlnll .m·craft. 
classe. In .xchang. for thrill hourI of 
work helping to maintain the facilitl ••. 
($5.00 p.r hOur) B.g. C.r.mics Tu . .. 8· 
11 :30. W.d .. 9·12:30; W.d .. 1-4:30: Tur .. 1. 
4'30: Int . • dv. ceramics. Tu • .. 1-4:30; 
Tur .• 9·12:30; Mon .. 1-12:30; Cr •• tiv. 
Copp.r En.meling. W.d.. 1-9: Con· 
temporary J.w.lerv. Mon .. 7·10: W.d .. 
7·10: Beg. Photollraphy. Sit .• 9·1; Int. 
Adv. Photogr.phy. Tur .. 8·10: Th.r. er& 
I limited numb.r of .v.lI.bl. op.nlng • . 
Cont.ct John Ann.loro .t the Craft. 
C.nter. e,,-2021 . b.for. 12 Fri .• Oct. 4th. 

(1~2) 

Grenta for .raduate Itucly IbrDod. 
Applloelion forml 1lIIY be obtalnod 
from tho campua Fulbtl.ht PlOIIram 
Advl.or Jilin Fort who .. 10CIt0d In 
Offlc. of Graduete .tud .... Z1I Mat. 
thowe C.mpu.. The dIodline for fllln. 
.ppllcatl_ on thle campu. Ie 11 Oc· 
tober. 1174. 11~14' 

Coneclou.ne.. relll,.. .roulll. both 
f.m.l •• nd mole. bel,.. formed now: 
.llIn up In the Wom.n·. C __ by Wed .. 
Oct. 2. Further Info: Women'. C.n,-r 
462·2023 or Connl. 464-0131 or Jim .". 
375&. Fr •• brochure In Wom.n·a C.nt.r. 
(10-2) 

lectures 
D.vld R. Aln.r .... prof. of EUrDplln 
Economic Hlltory. will proaont "P.r· 
.pactlv •• on the Economy of the 11th 
C.ntury Sp.ln" In the "Bounc!erlll of 
Ibaro-M.dlt.rrln •• n Clvlllz.tlon" 
cl .... Oct. 2. 2 p.m .. 7023 H&SI. (1~2) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertisements for oUBelves~ 
for sale 

C.'culatorl 4 mod .. l.r.. & memory 
,vlliable. 1 yr. lIulr.ntee t2l .• · •. 00. 
C.II Floyd 582-3133. Ip10-4' 

1172 Pinto Aunebout. Good condition. 4 
now tlr • . MOO Ind tlk. ov.r p.ym.nta. 
m ·m1. (1-30' 

Two 3-'PMd bik ... on. 24". on. 21". Gd 
condo .Ich t60. R.ck for cer. $16. 462· 
... ev.ning • . (9·30) 

1961 Chevy ImpIII 4 door b.'ongld to 
grlnny $300 Or offer 225·"17. (9·30) 

Surfbo.rd.-8 ·9" .h.p.d by Mlk. 
Hyn.on tlO. 7'4" Jim Turn.r $36. 7'3" 
n.w Hyneon .160. Phone 463·2709 
Bruce. (9-30) ' 

71 Vemlha 360 SlBlk. Nu Rlnll'. Cheln. 
Tir • . Rune primo one ?wn.r 18000 ml 46 
MPGI $375 Doug 7!i6-15420 (10/4) 

Tw .. d .wlvel chr & ottom.n $20. whltl 
vinyl couch g . n .... hyd. chr '21. TV 
•• I ... & morl. CJ..2771 . (1~2I 

S .. nnll .blOlut"y clOln Morrleon & 
Boyd with .n.w.,. & leb book. C.II 
R.y 7!i6-721&. (9·30) 

Good r.nch & huntln. dog.m.I • .3 
Yrl.old d.n. & m •• tlff. A good lIu.rd 
dog to protect your hom • • rench. or 
bu.ln .... C.II .1·9720 .v.nln ••. (10-4) 

'87 Sub· n.w .ngln • • n.w trln •• 
m',,'on. n.w r.dlll.. Alt.rnetor. etc. 
'1 000 or bllt offer. Bruce 469·6112. (10. 
9) 

o lneco f.ctory built .ter.o 120 be.Ic 
.mp; 19 Inch Sylv.nla color TV·b .. t 
o· f., • . 438-3&97. (9·30) 

P ntll" H1. SLR wit" JIl .. ,r;; ....... 
1ZSr1Im len ... plu. 2x tel ... nd.r .nd 

rr~ mil Bill ev ... '1Ii6-aII1. (1-30) 

Un2 Hond. 175 Street BIIce low mil .... 
• Id .ood condition MOO. C.II Bill IV". 
"....1. 1S-30) 

Twin bed with frlm. for .... : .lIce1"nt 
conditio.. t2III. C.U __ 7371; .. k for 
Phillip. ,1-30, 

KIlI.ht FM·AM Itor .. tuner: work.hop 
..wily dMk: 2" wood & two pi_I .... 
tope. off • . 431-87. '1-30) 

GIb.on M.ndalln A2 oV'r &0 yre. old 
w /c ... t3OO. Wood Dobro .lId. lIult. 
w /ce .. t2OO. Tom 222.CJ101. (1·30) 

ROlllgnol concord. Ikl. 200 cm. 
Solomon 444' . Norpl.c. boota liz. 10% 
wl/.t Itlck. Ev.n .1·0710. " ·30) 

Getlln trump.t. brillht .lIv.r flnl.h . 
Excel. condo Includ .. CII' & 2 mut ... 
$150 or off.r. 464·2494. (9·30) 

PIon .. r It.r.o r,cllv.r mod.1 no. SX· 
no. P.rf.ct condition. See Don It Argo 
Hell Room 831 . 19·30) 

Biology of plents for BiD 10 . • 10 • cIIi 
John at 756-n19. 110-2) 

'63 Chevy B.I.lr rebuilt .ngine·good 
tlrel· nice clr . • ir condo $360. Call 4&2. 
1642. 110-2) 

Sofl lov .... t . 2 lamp.. 3 tab I... 1 
hutch. V.ry good condition '175. Phon. 
279·3292. (p10-4) 

W.t.rb.d comp,.tl with IIn.r c.rv.d 
frem. h ... hOlt.r .nd th.rmo.tlt. 3 
month. old ... 4I1-G710. (1~2) 

Sony TC40 pock.t c .... tt r.cord.r 
with bett.ry p.ck Ind ch.rll.r III n.w 
till. C.II Mlch •• 1 4I1-G710. '1~2) 

Cer .pe.k.,. Ark.y 6 Win BDHM. N.v.r 
u.ed '16. C.II Mlcha.1 411-0710. '1~2) 

N.wl Volt flnl. 1 pr .uper. 1 pro I.rg •• 1 
pro "I.r ••. '10 OIch. Brend now .ter.o. 
P.ne.onlc unit. AMFM red .• turnt.bl. 
c .... n. pl.y.r· r.corder w ·ap •• k.,. & 
mlcrophon • • '11&. CIII Bob 272.Q40. 
(10-2) 

Po,.ch. Clr cov'r. Rer.ly u •• d. Specill 
DuPont m.t.rl.l. like n.w. Co.t $46. 
.. II for $21. 272-80&&. (10-2) 

1968 Ford GII."le. lutO pow.r .tr. ju.t 
tun.d up. D.p.ndable $2&0. Vince 219· 
8763. (1~2) 

Brand n.w unop.n.d 1174 En· 
cyclop.dll Brltennlca. B •• t off.r. 
o o~b' ".d m.nr_. ~14 nl.ht. 
(1~21 

ROIIlgnol Strato .kl. 207cm •• "c.lI.nt 
condo M.rk., Rotemat binding. .... 
StlV. __ 1132. '1~2) 

BacklllCk. cemptrelll mod. with frem •. 
IIIdded hlpboh never uNCI.". C.II 
J.nnl. II·DeI. (~21 

wanted 
MAAIJU_NA RESEARCH · HEALTHY 

.MALES 21·. TO UVE IN .. CON· 
SECUT1VE DAYS UCLA IPAYS .) 21J. 
aa..4 (P 10/11) 

Paae II Triton Times September lo, 1974 

Dllired buMIbI. bedl In .lIcheng. for 
mltchlng d_p wllnut .,n .... for Y'lr. 
C.II StlV. 453-1011. (1·30) 

C.r pool · TI.rre .. ntl to achool & beck. 
Early mornln. achedule. 212-1723. ("30) 

N .. d In aqu.rlum Ilr pump for. 2Ii 11'1. 
t.nk. c.1I Larry .t 76&-t121. (1-30) 

Want.d : Fr.ah ... food from dlv.,. & 
filh.rmen. K •• p thla No. for future raf. 
724-814&. 

Mu.Icl.na n •• d.d to pley In ho.pltal • . 
homa • . Any skill I.vel. No loud rock. 
Ron 225-8088. Mu.Ic H.als. (9·30) 

Wlnt.d blby.Inar Tu... end Thur • . 
morn • . 9:30·noon. C.II Jln.t Chrl.p.el. 
4&3-1880. (9·30) 

Wanted: Copy of I •• rnlng Ind the 
control of b.h.vior by Li.bermln. Cell 
H.eth.r 463·110&8. (10-2) 

Piano. d.c.nt condition 463-8214 night • . 
(10·2) 

Competent f.m.l. (or m.") w.nted to 
tllch • bealc coure. In .uto mech.nlcl 
for Wom.n·1 C.ntor. Contlct UI .. 
.oon a. po .. lbl.: Wom.n·. C.nt.r 412· 
2023 or Lilli. Flaher 462 ... (1~2) 

personals 
D •• r. Bugg. bu.g •. PS I. the b •• 'nnlng 
not the end of our I.n.r to IIch oth.rl 
LOYER. (9-30) 
Ch.t ... Th.t·. bull· • . ThanJUI (1·30) 

QUlck ... Th. g.y nltlon I •• rI.ln. (1·30) 

D.ve ... Vep Ihhh. (9-30) 

Chooch ... only 19. you lightw.ightl (I· 
301 

K ••• kld ... Clo .. that window m •. I'm 
gonna fra.z. my .. • off. (9-30) 
Llllrd ... lu.t klckln blck. (1-30) 
Stev . ... yOU crllPI W. luf you. (9·30) 

Pantyw.I.t. .. rumor hal It ther.·. • 
budd.ngltl. .pld.mlc .w_plng the 
Muir lI .. ta. W.tch your .tIPI '1-30) 
J.ff S. H.v ••• ,..t i ·D.y tomorr_. 
P.rty It Mlk .. ow 2nd floor .nd don't 
be late. Pope CI ... (1-.) 

N_ I don't know. but I boon told: In 
the holt of tho .un. men died of cold. 
(1-30) 

'At La,..' Ia .,..t. ,..., 

Fruetrltlon II: When your pIeoon won't 
mova for .n hour In paveh lobi , ... 

M_Mlu: old Mr. M_ .... ,.. .. 
_ wIIh you • VERY hippy blrthdeyll 

car pools 
C.r pool from North Point Lom •• 10-41 
Ev.r.n. 224-2370 

housing 
STUDENTS .75.00 up Incl. ultllltfll. 
IIn.n •. pool, j.cuzzl. fr .. TV & movlll 
~(p10/4) 

Roommat. w.nt.d to .h.,. 2 beoroom 
hou .. In L.ucedl. 1 block from b •• ch 
lerg. Ylrd $1&0 438·1287 

Rmte. n •• dad to Ihera 4 BR 3 blth 
hou .. MIMIon BIY. 10 min drlv. to 
UCSD. Cell SUMn 278·a9 eft., 8 pm. 
(9·30) 

M.le roomm.t. wlnted to .h.r. 2 Bed. 
hou .. In P.B. own room ... & util. 273-
8288 ev.nlnll" (9·30) 

Roomm.t. wlnted · 3 BR. 2 beth. own 
room til & utllltl ••. C.rdlff. (9·30) 

Ap.rtm.nt for m.l. beginning Dec. 1 
'~$100 por month. C.II AI 274-11&&. ,I-
30) 

tl2ti unfurnl.h.d· U&O furnl.h.d 
townhoul. nOlr UCSD 2BR. 1 % B ... 
F.m. Am. own.r. 462-1101. (pt.30) 

$210 MI .. lon Bllch 2 BR Apt. Bu. to 
echool....". (pI-3Ol 

Noed f.m.l. room mit. 100-mo. plu. 
utilltl.. La Jol.. Vlliell' 4&3-t142. 2 
RIV .... f.melll .0 f.r (10-21 

W.nted·m.l. roomm.t. to .har •• pt. 1 
mil. to UCSD rlllht on Bllch. •• 
month Incl. utll. C.II ..... (1~2) 

Roommlt. w.ht.d for occupency on 
D.c. 1.t. L.rg unfurnl.hed 2·b.droom 
In Pac. B •• ch 84.00· month. plu. 
utllltl ... Cell 274-een . • ft.r 4:00. (10-7) 

Hou •• for rant. 2 BR in P.B. aVlil.bl. 
Oct. 5. r.nt .2&0 p.r month. c.n Fr.d 
274-3m 4&8·1764. (p10-7) 

$326 unfurnl.h.d· U&O furnl.h.d 
town houlI nllr UCSD. 2 BA. 1 % B •. 
F.m. Rm. owner. 462-1101. ,pf.30) 

Roomm.t. w.nted for P.B .• pt. " .70 
for larll' Iln.1e room & utll. Sm.1I 
.nlmal ok. C.II 272-11.. '1~21 

3rd yr. mod. Itudont 1Mk. quiet 
roommate for Univ. HoepitIl or VA 
HoepItaI ...... C.II217 ..... (10-71 

selViees 
VoIIaybIli ___ : ~ to .... y I-m.n · 
vollayblll _ "".... by DUnMn Mc· 
ForIa ...... C,... lorry fIyora IVIIIIbIo .t 
etudent contet. hIeIon I ..... ne Oct. • 
for Info call 2l1-l7'I7. Ip1O-2t 

Edltlnll. wrltlnll; 'XIII'''''p W 'lOur m ... 
~n:h; MA Enll; ""'.nc •. fuN 0' pt 
time .,.,. ('/lO! 

Auto body ,....Ir work: color t"lVllion 
rap.Ir .nd .lIl1nment. Don. w .. , .nd 
lne"penllve. 431-:.t7. (1-30) 

HInta for good grldll·Phl Bet. K.ppe 
t.11I .11. S.nd t2 to Phd·K. PO 10" 
.a24. S.n Diego 12101. (10-4) 

"Tip. for g.ttlng into gr.d Ichool"·by 
gredu.t •• tudontl·.end .2 to Phd·G. 
PO Bo" 91824. S.D. 92101. (10-4) 

lost and found 
Found : e .melill Calico Kltt.n. hlv. 2 . 
c.t. now. No home. then g ... to pound. 
sm.rt & Indep. m ·9932. (9·30) 

Found ne.r Wrlltllng room: A key to • 
motorcycl • . Pi .... cl.lm • TT offlc • . 
(9-30) 

LOIt: On. brown Illther pu,.. In H2 
aud or BI.k. H.II on Mon. 1-22. Pi .... 
r.turn to c.mpu. pollc • . (1·30) 

Found-S.D. St.t. Unlv. rlnll 4th floor 
m.n·. room AP&M. C.II 453-:zz.. 

LOIt: G.n.aI G.netlce by Srb durin. 
Org Ch.m. Lecture. H.. y .. low un-
d.rllnln.'n the telll Ph. "'171. (1-30' 
LOIt: Oold St. Chrl.topher In mon'l 
lock.r room. Oreet ""tlmont.1 valu • . 
R_.rdl Call 4&2·11291 (1-301 

Found on. r.teln.r ne.r gym. C.n b. 
picked up In TT offlc • . (10-2) 

LOIt: Th •• I.v. community found In 
USB 3010 Thu,.d.y .. p.m. Pick up TT 
offlc.. (10-2) 

Lo.t: Light blu. Y·n.ck. bonon down 
sweet.r. If found pl •••• contlct R.n •• 
It 4&3-7397 b.for. I fr.u • . (1~2) 

Found: A clrculer .lId. rul. with the 
nlm. Sugltl on the cov.r. PI .... cl.lm 
It TT offlc • . (10-2) 

Found In Clult., 1 rllt room •• chack· 
book. Id.ntlfy .nd clolm .t the TT 
offlc.. (10-21 

travel 
EUROPE . ISRAEL . AFR.",A Stutlant 
fA.hta.1I veer round CONTACT: IICA 
_ UnhreraIty Ave .• " "n D ..... 
Calif. 12111 Tn: m4' 317 __ 1Z1J1 __ 
_IP "1271 

bw Travel OffIce - ON CAM"'I • 
EUROPE .. NY ChortIn UCID Int'I 
Cantor • __ .. J:JO M. W ... ONLY' 
IP 111271 


