
times 
UNIVfISlTY Of CAllfOiNIA. SAN DIEGO 

Inside: Liska Returns, Nothing 
at All from Simons, aArtvark. 

Volume 22 No.6 April 19, 1974 

University Revie'w Asked 
Assembly Speaker Bob 'He said that the stories raise 

Moretti today was asked by "serious doubts about the 
the head of the largest ' integrity and judgment of 

Trustees Audit Staff. 
Regular external audits of 

the California State 
University system are 
performed by the State 
Department of Finance and 
private audit firm s . 
Mechanic questioned the 
need for an "inte rnal// audi t 
staff to investigate the 
administration of the 
system. 

faculty group in California 
higher education to launch 
an investigation into a 
scandal in the California 
State, University System. 

Dr. Amold Mechanic, 
president of the AFl,ClO 
United Prefessors of 
Ca lifornia asked the 
Spea ker to investigate 
reports of what the San 
Fra ncisco Chronicle of 
March 4 called "a tale of 
int rig ue probably un -
matched in the annals of 
higher education in the 
U. S." 

The Chronicle storiE'S of 
March 4 described the 
activities of the Trustees' 
Audit Staff, and raised the 
quest ion of whether 
"Trustees of the largest 
system o f public education 
In the U.S. should officially 
anction such conduct." 

The newspaper also said 
that the "bizarre series of 
pying a nd counterspying 

eve nts ... has raised serious 
doubts as to whether 
es pi onage techniques 
shou ld be used to c heck on 
facelty members ." 

Mechanic told Speaker 
Moretti that . " If the 
newspaper accounts are 
accurate, the taxpayers of 
this state have been paying 
for spying and co un-
ters pying activities 
reminiscent of E. Howard 
Hunt and G. Gordon 
Liddy." 

Mechanic also ' told the 
Speaker that there had been 
no reply by the Board of 
Trustees to the serious 
questions raised by the San 
Francisco Chronicle stories 
of we ll over a month ago. 

the Trustees' Audit Staff/" 
which should be considered 
during the Assembly budget 
hearing for the California 
State University and 
Colleges which begin on 
April 17. 

The union leader pointed 
out in his letter to the 
Speaker that the newspaper 
had raised these questions 
at a time when " '>ublic 
conficence in governmental 
agencies is very probably at 
an all-time low," and when 
S285/818 in state funds is 
included in the present 
Governor's Budget for the 

The request for a 
legislative invest igation 
came fr')m the United 
Professors of Californ ia 
whic h has 4/200 members 
on 19 Californ ia State 
University campuses from 
Humboldt in the north to 
San Diego in the south . 

Editorial 
DilVid Buchbinder h .. s h .. d a long and 

distinguished career in journalism and service in the 
community. For the pasf four ye .. rs, Buchbinder has 
been a dediuted and competent member of the 
Triton Times. 

Buchbinder first became involveJ in journ .. lism as 
.. member of the old S .. n Diego Street 'ourNI. He 
w .. s an utive participant in the anti-war movement 
in the I .. te 60's and early 70's, 

Buchbinder started with the Triton Times in the 
fall of 1970 u an arts writer Md a production 
uliltant. In addition to writinl for the Triton Times, 
Buchbinder was 01110 a rqular contributor to the 
Crazy Times "which has since evolved into the North 
Star" and Dimension "the conservative journal on 
compul." 

. Buchbinder became over the next two years 
Editorial Director, City Editor, and Managing Editor. 
Lalt year he was elected Editor-in-Chief. 

In addition, Buchbinder i. an important member 
of the San Diego community. In 1971-72 he was on 
the Board of Directon of the ,ewish Community 
Center. For the past four yean he hu been a member 
of the SOIn Diego County Board of Directon of the 
United Way. 

The Triton Times feel. David Buchbinder hu been 
an able and competent Editor-in-Chief. We feel he 
has been dealt an injUitice by the Communication 
Board and the Chancellar. We teel he should be 
reinstated. 

Throngs of Parents to Descend 

This Friday, the students 
of Revelle College will be 
vis ited by some two 
hundred parents, who will 
parti c ipate in the provost 
s ponsored " Parents / 
Weekend//. The weekend 
will begin for most at 9 
a.m., April 19 and continue 
through late Saturday 
afternoon. The parents will 
be here to 'meet and discuss 
with faculty, students and 
staff the various aspects of 
the school which interest 
them. There will be times 
set aside for the .,..ents to 
visit with their son or 
daughter. 

Since some of the parents 
have never seen UCSO 
before, an interestin. 
program has been _ up 
which will allow them to 
view UCSD while it I. in 
session . Parents will be 
visltin. claues and toina 
on student escorted tours of 
the camJM. They will _ 
be able to tMet wtIh 

by Valerie Girard 

selected members of the 
faculty who will discuss 
with them the latest 
developments within their 
own particular field . 

Dr . Helen Ranney, 
chairman of the UCSD 
department of medicine 
and Paul Saltman, former 
provost of Revelle, will both 
address the parents at 
various times during the 
weekend. Receptions, 
buffets and brunches are 
also planned. 

The UCSD drama 
department will present a 
special presentation of 
T artuffe. The parents will 
also .have time to visit the 
many other schedufed 
activities Ykinl place at 
UCSD this weekend. 

A similar weekend has 
been plamed for the Muir 
student's parents. On the 
followin. weekend of April 
26,71 and 28, theIe .,.ents 
will be able to view UCSD's 
endemic, sport and 

cultural life . 
The Muir parents will also 

be able to tour the campus, 
view various athletic ac-
tivities and hear Muir 
provost John Stewart speak. 
Meetings are scheduled 
with faculty members who 
will discuss the latest 
developments in the 
Natural SCiences, the Social 
Sciences and Humanities. 
In the evening they will be 
able to attend Tartuffe or 
the Five and Dime. There 
will be various discussion 
,roups which will allow the 
parents an even areater 
insiaht into the school. 

A letter has been sent out 
to all of the parents of 
Revelle and Muir students. 
If anyone needs more 
information , they Can 
contact either of the 
provosts. This YHr Third 
collett! will not be holdin. 
a Parent's Weekend but 
plan to hold their first of 
such weekends next year. 

"The New 
Segregation 

Cue salcxgQ' 

AtUCSD 
Reprinted from UC San Diego, 
by permission, 

"Race relations aren't the primary 
issue the issue is whether minority 
student can get what they need from 
the university."--Joseph Watson. 

by 'ames Cravens 
In the Revelle College commons, a 

group o f black stude nts sit a lone at 
lunch surrounded by tables of wh ites . 
- At a Saturday night dan ce sponsored 
by the Black Stude nt/s Union, whites 
arriving at the door are pol ite ly but firmly 
asked to leave. 
- A letter to the ed itor of the student 
newspaper extols the virtues of black 
separatism. "W~ ite racism underl ies the 
separating of ~Iacks from whites a nd 
encourages black sol idarity," the writer 
says. 
- At a campus sc reen ing of 
the film "Lady Sings the 
Blues/" a shout ing match 
begins which threatens to 
erupt into vio lence. 

In 1968/ the Preside nt's 
Advisory Comm ission on 
Civil Disorders - the Kerner 
Commission - called at-
tention to the fac t that 
aparthe id was a growing 
state of social being in the 
US . "O ur nation is moving 
toward two societies," the 
Commission stated, "one 
black, one white, separate 

ception , but now that blacks are 
developing 
a sense of ra Cia l Ident ity the whites are 
incensed When they s e us haV ing lunch 
togethe r they figure we mus t be plott ing 
ome thlng It's Just like In the lave da ~ 

If more th a n th re b lacks are 
congregatln g( It must be a revolt The 
-minute blaCKS tart getting tog th er, 
wh ites start sc reaming a bout integrat ion 

"Blacks have a common goal," JenkinS 
ays "We have to insulate ourselves 

from white society. The 
only time you can really 
relax is when you're with 
your own people. Then you 
can be yourself." 

and unequal." 'b~~~$i!=~ Nowhere is the trend ' 

Dr Joyce Justus, assistant 
professor of anthropology, 
and chairman of ·th 
Department of Urban and 
Rural Studi es In Third 
College, her vOice retaining 
th e !i lt of he r native 
Jamaica, POints out that 
"blac k stude nts at UC 0 
come from segregated high 
schools that are per cent 
black . Even those who 
consciously feel that in-
tegration IS a good th ing 
do n't ~now how to go about 
it. They come from a black 
schoo l, they go to a black 

toward two soc iet ies more 
visible than on the nation's 
campuses . After years of 
intensified e fforts to e nroll 
black and' other' Photo: Phil Stotts churc h, they have black '--_____ ~--~~ friends. 
minority students, most institutiol}s still Resident ial raci al patte rns aren ' t 
have not succeeded in achieving in- breaking down in th is country. So even 
tegrated student bodies . Although the the black students who don/t conSCio usly 
law forbids segregated facilities, black espouse a separatist ph ilosophy are ill-
students are separating themselves at prepared for integration ." 
dances, on athletic fields, in dining halls Some observers feel the tendency 
and classrooms . toward voluntary segregat ion on the 

The trend toward black self- nation/s campuses is exacerbated by the 
segregation has given the lie to the fact that some blacks are ill-prepared 
expectations of educators who opened either academically or psyc hologically 
higher education to large numbers of for college. Would Dr. Justus agree? 
minority students after the ghetto riots o f //Some blac k and wh ite fres hmen have 
the 1960/s. By assoc iating with one that d ifficu lty . Co llege is a new ex-
another on campus, it was thoug ht, perience for them all, but the black ha 
blacks and whites would interact, with a the added disadvantage of b'eing in very 
re sultant lessening of suspicion a nd unfam iliar surroundi ngs . I don/t think the 
hostility . Those expectations have not level of preparation is really that dlf-
been met. ferent between blacks and wh ite 

UC San Diego has been ta lking with There /s a who le spectrum of preparation 
blacks on campus, trying to get their in both groups. 
view of what could be termed "the new "The ra nk a nd file of blac k tudents 
segregation .// that I know around here ar ju t into a 

Though individual blacks are Quick to 
strange 

deny any label of " spokesma n// ("If I environment They befne nd bldck laCl'" 
knew anyone who claimed to speak, fo r and a k Que tion of bla k faculty 
the black folk on this campus/// Mu ir m mbers bE'cau e we ar a ll In an allen 
resident dean Cleo Malone told me, " I environment. I we nt to U LA, and I 
wouldn/t tell you because he would be a remember bing 10 a la With maybe 
liar."), still a type of consensus has 500 other and looking to ee If there was 
emerged . The consensus says that the another blac k p r on , and eelng on 
tendency of blacks to associate only with Afri a n way up IrI the orner With 10 a 
each other is perfectly natural and really week we we re ta lklOg to ea h other and 
unimportant. What is truly important is itting next to one another " 
the search for a degree . Or, as Associate 
Professor of chemistry and Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson says, //race 
relations aren' t the primary issue at 
UCSD. The issue is whether or not 
minority students can get what they need 
from this university.// 

Some blacks see the tendency toward 
two rocieties on campus as a reflection 
of the racism that exists in American 
society as a whole. "In this society, if 
you're a black person/ race is cOf1'Stantly 
on your mind/" muscular, very dark-
skinned Muir senior u..rtis Jenkin ays. 
liThe fact is con tantly impressed on you 
that you/re black and that means second-
c lass citizenship even today This has 
been a racist society incl" It very In-

Dr. Charl e Tho mas. a psychologist 
and profe sor o f Ul ban and rural ,tudl 
who e per onal l se smf'nt of ra 
relations at U 0 IS that th y' rf> "lou5Y," 
believe too mar'y whi tes 10 thE' 
U(1iver ity are "takln~ the pOSi tion that 
people shoui<1 be coior bll n<l A~ cl 
po te r of Ma l olm X gl a r~d down at us 
from hi off let:' wall , Dr 1 homa lold ml' 
that " fo r a long <1 we've had dlffere m 
(·thn! group 10 th" ~()(' IPI wp'v(' had t 
l ea~t two \0 I(>tl ~ Color ha\ !wen both a 
,ocfal ,lnd po litI( al rPc1lit clnd It \tll l I 

'!it'll no, I don t dl\fav r thl' tl'nd(~ nc y 
0 1 t ht, r dn" to polan/(· ," Dr J home!' 
',I", \\' Iwn \'\1\' tdlk "hout .. mf' klOd of 
IOh'H,'( 1 •• 1 continued on paRe 2 



Volunteer Tutors 

The "American English in Action" volunt~ tutoring 
program sponsored by the International Education 
Department at the University of California, San Diego is 
in need of tutors - people who speak American. 

The program provides tutors who can aid foreign 
scholars and their families with spoken English . Due to a 
record number of requests this year from foreign 
scholars on the UCSD campus, and the gas shortage, 
more tutors are needed . ' 

According to Marion Dixon, coordinator for the 
program, tutors do not (emphasis on the not) need to 
speak the language of their students in order to help 
them with English conversation. just by conversing and 
exchanging ideas with the visitor the tutor can help 
them to adjust to our culture by understanding and 
speaking the English language better . 

Anyone having two or more free hours per week and 
who would like to meet with foreign visitors to help 
them understand and speak our language better is urged 
to call Mrs. Dixon at the UCSD International Center at 
453-2000, extension 1940. 

All That's Wrong ... 

In the latest issue of The National lampoon, there 
appears an article entitled : "All That's Wrong with the 
World on One Clear Chart ." The Chart represents a 
compilation of some of the salient features of the 
nations of the World, such as , "Degenerate, Censorship, 
Expansionist, Torture, Puppet Nations, Harbors Drug 
Business etc." Every nation on earth is represented with 
the not so minor exception of the USA . Nevertheless 
one can draw some interesting conclusions from this 
chart. 

Some of the more enlightening revelations are: Haiti 
and Brazil are the only degenerate nations in the 
Western Hemisphere; Albania and Yugoslavia are the 
only minor Communist nations that are not Puppet 
Nations; Vatican City is Expansionist; Lichtenstein is a 
citadel of sexist Oppression; in all of Africa, only Upper 
Volta , Botswana, Gambia and South Africa have op-
position political parties; and finally, only two nations, 
Italy and Israel are degenerate and Puritan at the same 
time . 

According to the chart, Fiji and Nauru, South Pacific 
Islet kingdoms, are the finest nations on the Earth , 
veritable utopias in their own right. Meanwhile, South 
Vietnam and the USSR rank at the bottom of the list. 

Invincible Women 

A workshop for personal growth entrtled, "Women : 
We can do ANYTHING!" , will be held at the Sa n Diego 
Jewish Community Center, 4079 - 54th Street, Sunday, 
Aprli 21 , 1974, from 10:00 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. The 
keynote speaker will be Councilwoman Maureen 
O'Connor followed by small group discussions, the 
topICS of which include . How to LIVE while growing 
older; Make-it sell-it; prof-it ; Creative thinking and 
living; Nutrition updated; Successful Volunteerism; and 
and Career-edllcjltion. 

The general admission fee is $1 .00; students are 50 
cents . Hot drir ks will be provided, please ,bring a sack 
lunch 

Seating is limitpo 1,,11 the lewish Community Center, 
58"3-3300 for f Jrther information and reserv<ltiom 

The Top Ten 
Co--andments 

Edward Simons, whose enormous, mutated 
monster of a "Top Ten Commandments, Book 4" 
is wailing for enough room fOrTIS 91 inche Ilhu/ 's 
11 typed pagesJ. will nOI appear i" pnnl IInlii we 
can successfully master the h$lry bea.!>/ he hu.\ 
crecJled tJ"J cram It u"lo a /'''11.'- \(Jrtlewhere. Ed. 
/,uu't'l'f'r. fOll.!> " HI. " 

2 Triton Times, April 19, 1974 

New ~gregation at UCSD 
continued from pqe 1 

coexistence, we only 
concern ourselves with two 
thinas, desegreption and 
intearation, and these .lfe 
seen as positives. Well, 
impliCit in those concepts 
there's a notion that power 
is still vested guess where? 
With white folk. Bussing is 
seen as a good thina 
because a black kid sup-
Posedly can't learn unless 
he's sitting next to a white 
kid. Whites are up.;et with 
separatism, because im-
plicit in separatism there's 
power through self-
determination . 

"As a psychol08ist I think 
there's therapeutic value in 
separatism. Black students 
have a terrible time ad-
justing to this environment, 
which is alien, impersonal, 
cold and in some ways 
harmful." 

"This is a separatist 
society and it has been right 
down to the restrooms since 
its start," Cleo Malone says. 
"Now some black people 
are exercising that right. 
Until some dramatic 
change takes place on a 
much larger scale, nothing 
will happen here . 
Remember, we draw most 
of our students from the top 
12 per cent of high school 

. graduates in Cal iforn ia . 
That means most of them 
are from suburban or upper-
class schools . You know 
then that there's a certain 
attitude on the part of 
students here towatd blacks 
due to lack of exposure. 
Sometimes it scares their 
parents when they come 
strolling into my office and 
I'm sitting here big and 
black, with shaggy hair all 
over my head. I've had 
some of them get angry 
when I wouldn't carry their 
children's bags. They think 
I'm the custodian ." 

A large percentage of the 
black students at UCSD 

__ AY 

.fllmmout 
JIM I 
HENDRIX 

were brouaht here through 
the Educational Op-
portunity Proaram (EOP), 
run by William Byrd from 
his Matthews Campus 
office decorated with 
African statuary . Accordina 
to Mr. Byrd, the mission of 
EOP is to bring ethnic 
minorities to campus, keep 
them here, and help them 
to graduate. EOP students 
fall into two catellOries: 
those recularly admissible 
but needina financial aid, 
and "special action" 
students who are relatively 
underqualified (University 
of California policy allows 
four per cent of students 
admitted to be in the latter 
category). 

"I tell the EOP students 
that this is a rouah life," Mr. 
Byrd says. "Some people 
are treated unfairly just 
because they're black or 
brown . I tell them we'll help 
them get a degree so they 
can take the bastards on ." 

Special help for all UCSD 
students, including those 
under EOP,is provided by 
the OASIS program, an 
acronym for Office of 
Academic Support and 
Information Services, which 
assigns tutors for every 
lower division math and 
science course, and the 
literature 10 program 
which deals with English 
deficiencies. Results have 
been encouraging . The 
attrition rate for EOP 
minority students is about 
the same as that for the 
campus as a whole. "We'll 
admit as many minority 
students as we can and we'll 
get as many special action 
kids as we can," Mr. Byrd 
says . 

That committment has 
made UCSD the most 
racially mixed campus in 
the UC system, according to 
Dean of Students George 
Murphy. "At least 17 per 

"PLEASE HELP 
MAKE NEXT WEEK 
THE BIGGEST OF 

MY CAREER:' 
The In ..... of Bud .... , in coopera-
tion with ABC 1UIdio, ukecl me to 
remind you that April 22·27 »Naticmal 
eon.,. If Pitch Inl" Week. 
All week. aD OWl' AIMrica. lltudent. 
liIre you will be 8lIiDc up litt. CUll 
liIre me. 
If u.. .• an of&cial"Pltch In!" Week 
procram in your caJDpuI COIIIIDUDitJ. 
join up. If u.. IID·t. you can d , 
IUpport the Daticmal 1dFort. JUIt pick 
up any Utt.er In your path DDt ... 
and brine it to me. 
1banb, 
Me you 
then. 

The frosh and sophomores 
are more intearated . I think 
we've seen a real lessen ina 
of tension." 

But Curtis jenkins 

cent of the total student 
body is made up of ethnic 
minorities," he says. 'We 
say 'at least' because 600 
students wouldn't state 
their race. disagrees . "The ad-

ministration is mistaken if 
For their part, University they think there isn't any 

problem. It's not overt, but 
administrators seem willina the hostility is still there . 
to tolerate a quiet You can see it in classroom 
separation of the races . 
"Race relations have im- situations and social 

situations." proved in the past two If contact with other 
years," says ~ssistant races is not an aim of hiiher 
~hancellor D~vld Ryer . education for blacks, then 

Black separatism ~s what is the aiml For Dr. 
laflely concentrated 10 the 
junior and senior students. continued on pqe 11 

Holocaust Memorial Day 
The Rtfinl sun this eveni,. marks the onset of a 

relatively new Jewish holiday. It is "Yom Huhoah" or 
"Holocaust Memorial Day." On JhiI day Jews the 
world over pause and reflect on the trad~ that 
befell world Jewry lell tlYn forty yean 410: the 
destruction of mOlt of the European Jewish C0m-
munity by the Nazi resime. 

Jews have leVeral holidays 9f'I which they com· 
memorate their baHies apinst oppression beIida 
"Yom Hashoa", Pal50ver and Chanukah to name two. 
MOlt of these commemorative holidays are 
celebrated in joy .. nd t .... nilsgiving. In contrast, "Yom 
Hashoah" is spent in austere circumspection and 
rememberance. In the former festiv .. " the Jews 
celebr .. te their victOfies over their oppressors, 
Pharoah and Anliochus Epiphanes, respectively. On 
"Yom Hashoah" they moum the loIS of sill million 
fellow Jews who were murdered by the Nazi relime. 

The end of World War II found mOlt of the Jewish 
community of Europe in rubble. Having not been 
able to flee Germany and Entem Europe durinl the 
war, the Jews found themselves trapped and euy 
prey to Adolph Hitler and his anti-semetic schemes. 
"Yom H .. shoah" serves .. , a memorial to their 100t 
lives and culture. 

"Yom H .. shoah" .. Iso honors those who rebelled 
"gainst the Nazi terror. The mOlt famous uprising 
took place in the WlIrww ghetto in April·May, 1943. 
Here the 'ews fought valiantly, yet in vain, to defend 
their lives and what remained of their community. 
Simil .. r rebellions took place in many other locations 
shortly afterward. 

DISTINCTIVE PERUVIAN IMDnl::lT!I:I:1 

Exquisite Jewelry 
Stertlng Sliver 
18 K. gold 

CHASQUI IMPORTS 
7484 LA JOLLA BLVD. 
LA JOLLA, CA 92037 
AT PEARL ST. 
459·5187 281-2414 

Alpaca Woven Goods 
ponchos 
rugs I 8AC I fM;l 
hIIndb8gs L..£!!!J 

Enemy of AEC 

Commoner Speaks 
Barry Commoner, 

sometimes called "the Paul 
Revere of ecology, " 
questioned the safety of 
atomic power plants at a 
recent news conference 
here in San Diego. 

produce more fuel than 
they consume, he said he 
had no faith in them . " In 
fact," he exclaimed, " I think 
they will be more 
dangerous than regu lar 
plants . That's because they 
will produce radioactive . 
fueL" --....;..". 

He also said that the 
Russians have had serious \ 
accidents with the breeder I"""---'-~ 

.. 

: .. ', 
' . , ' , 

New X-Kay Method 
Reduee§ Radiation 

A new method for mak ing X-ray films whICh greatly 
reduces the X-ray exposure to the patient has be n 
reported by a professor 10 the UCLA School of 
Medicine. 

Dr. William H. Oldendorf, professor of neurology, has 
developed a technique of Intentionally underexpo ing 
X-ray film and viewing it with dark-field Illumination 
Dr. Oldendorf is also on the medICal staff of the Lm 
Angeles Veterans Administration Center. 

Commoner, director of 
the Center for the Biology 
of Natural Systems at 
Washington University in 
5t. louis, had two main 
gripes against atomic 
plants; they represent some 
radiation dangers and 
sufficient uranium to fuel 
the plants will run out in 25 
years rendering the!" 
useless too soon for the 
venture to be worthwhile. 

reactors they have CO'l-
structed, and that coverage 
of these events has been 
blacked-out by the federal 
government to prevent bad 
publicity for atomic power. Lab Skin 

The underexposed film produces a very faint Image 
when viewed in conventional transillumination, that IS 
with the light passing through the film perpendicular to 
its surface. In dark-field illumination the light passes 
obliquely through the film . With the underexposed film 
each of the deposited emulsion grains becomes a point 
of scintillation in the oblique light against a dark 
background. A useful "positive" image is thus produced. 

While radiation exposure in conventional X-ray 
procedures is considered within safe limits, there stili 
has been some concern in recent years that the 
cu mulat ive effect of repeated exposure might become 
hazardous to some patients , Dr . Oldendorf points out 
Reduction of exposure is desirable if the image 
produced is useful. 

He proposed that "the 
only sensible thing to do in 
this country is to stop the 

development of all nuclear 
power plants and even-
tually to close down those 
now operating ." 

When it was suggested 
that breeder reactors 

RADUATE 
STUDENTS 
SPORTS 

CARS 
-

REDUCED 
RATES 

3212 GOVERNOR DR. 
S AN DIEGO 92122 
Phone: 4H-7250 

STATE FARM 

INSURANCE 
(!, 

The Triton Times found 
an Associated Press news 
release from a month ago 
which states that " U.S. 
intelligence sources said a 
recent explosion caused 
Soviet engineers to shut 
down the nuclear reactor at 
a key Russian project at 
Shevchenko on the Caspian 
Sea . The reactor, a liquid 
metal fast breeder, was 
rated by U.S. experts as 
capable of generating about 
150,000 kilowatts of electric 
power." 

When contacted for 
comment on this issue, an 
Atomic Energy Commission 
spokesman claimed that the 
mishaps which happened in 
Russia were not connected 
with the atomic parts of the 
plants. He said there was 
no cover-up on these ac-
cidents. "Commoner is just 
trying to scar~ the hell out 
of people," he... explained. 

Boeing has constructed 
another new missle called 
the Short Range Attack 
Missile (SRAM) . This 
supersonic fourteen -footer 
flies at high altitudes, skims 
the ground, and generally 
does the kind of 
maneuvering necessary, for 
instance, to produce the 
scribble of vapor trails seen 
in the northwest sky last 
Tuesday evening. SRAM 
carries a nuclear warhead . 

Boeing has been to the 
evolution of the fist what 
Ford has been to the 

western 
state 
un' versifY 
co lege 
01 aw 
01 san Iltego 

II nowacceptinll 
men and women who 
have a minimum of 
Two Vearl of 
Acceptable 
College'Credits 
(60 unitl). 

Two doctors conducting 
cancer research at the 
Akron Children's Hospital in 
Akron, Ohio, have 
developed a method for 
growing skin tissue in a 
laboratory environment 
which may herald a general 
improvement in skin 
grafting for burn patients. 

Drs. Igel and Freeman 
have tested their new 
process on a few burn 
patients but so far their 
focus has been mainly on 
rabbits . Dr. C. Boeckman, 
who has been handling the 
surgery, explai ned that 
"there are some long-term 
effects that we had to be 
real careful about because 
we didn't know the 
cosmetic effects . You have 
to at least e nd up with 
cosmetic results co m-
parable to what we were 
getting with conventional 
grafti ng ." 

SRAM Blam 

evolution of the foot . They 
had a hand in work con-
nected with the Harpoon, a 
similar anti -s hip missile 
built for the Navy . SRAM, 
however, is for the Air 
Force, being strictly air-to-
ground . 

Eager to get SRAM in 
operation, the Air Force Is 
applying her highest I.Q .'s 
to establish the system, 
which has already been 
deployed to 10 out of 18 
U.S: air bases. Although the 
actual number of missiles 
deployed is top secret, 

Graduate. are 
eligible ta talce 
the Califarnia 
State Bar 
Examination . 
The J.D. or lL8. 
dlgr" can be 
eorned in 2 )'>·3 
yeors of fvll ' Iime 
10.... olvely (1 ~- 16 
clomoom ,",urs per 
w .. k), or in 3)'> ·. 
yeors of port·time 
ottendanci (3 
cia .... per week ; 3· 
• ,",vrs per clo$$). 

.. Illcltl. IIItl .. tlel Ilf 
' .... ," ... ,.. ~l_. 

CMI or Write Today for more InformatIOn or C,talot. 
The Western State UIINet$lIy BUIIdI"l 
1333 Front Street, Sin OtetIo, 92101 

(714) 232-6506 

The lab-grown sk in is 
smooth and generally 
superior, though it is 
distinguishable from 
normal skin by its reddish 
color. 

The process involved is 
outlined as follows : One 
square inch of skin is 
removed . The cells are then 
minced up and spread over 
a pigskin base in a medium 
of amino acids, salts and 
vitamins. After about a 
week small islands of tissue 
have formed on the pigskin 
base and sometime during 
the next, (i.e . the second) 
week the base is applied to 
the unhealed surface of the 
patient's burn . The cells 
continue multiplying and 
spread across the area of 
the burn . Eventually they 
adhere to the human tissue 
and reject the pigskin, 
which soon after flakes off . 

Boeing admits to having. 
cranked out 700 so far and 
it is unlikely they are being 
used as conversion pieces . . 
Boeing is expecting the Air 
Force to buy at least 800 
more . 

The Strategic Air 
Command reasons that if 
we equip our Fl11 's and 
B52's with these 1500 we 
should be able to forestall a 
nuclear attack until the new 
supersoniC B1 's being 
developed now hit the 
market in the 1980's and 
'90's. 

The new method has two major advantages . (1) It can 
reduce the amount of X-ray exposure by one or two 
orders of magnitude, and (2) because the amount of 
exposure is not critical, requires only one exposure for a 
satisfactory image. In the conventional exposure, 
patients are asked to wait to see if the exposure is 
sufficient, and often it has to be repeated until a 
satisfactory image is obtained 

There is one disadvantage. Ordinary radiographic film 
becomes fogged in storage from background radiation . 
The degree of fogging does not limit its usefulness, 
however, in conventional exposure. It would for the 
underexposed method. Special " low-fog" film would 
have to be used, or if ordinary film were used, It would 
have to be stored in a shielded facility 

On QUll11'$ 
LOS ANGELES (AP) -

Qusars are not cosmic "lone 
wolves" but actually huge 
explosions in the midst of 
distant galaxies, according 
to two astronomers at .he 
Cal ifornia I nstitute of 
Technology. 

Writing in the April issue 
of the Astrophysical 
journal, Drs. J. E. Oke and 
james Gunn said they have 
obtained the first direct 
photographic proof that 
quasars are explosions 
ringed by fussy light fmm 
the millions of stars in the 
surrounding galaxy. 

The astronomers studied 
a quasar called " Bl 
Lacertae" through the 200-
inch Mt. Palomar telescope. 
They first had to block out 
the intense light tran-
smitted by the quasar by 
positioning a tiny disc in 

the center of the telescope. 
Once the brilliance was 
masked the experts could 
study the surrounding 
illumination and this led to 
the find that the quasar was 
part of a far-off galaxy. 

The scientists said the 
cause of the cosmic 
fireworks occurring inside a 
quasar is still unclear but 
that the light is generated 
by electrons spun out from 
it into powerful magnetic 
fields . 

---
inn.· ......... 

SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES IN ALTERNATIVE FUTURES 

The Senses Bureau is an undergraduate research group at l./CSD supported 
by the National Science Foundation a,!d is involved in ~egional planning, en· 
vironmental studies, computer graphtcs, and film .~akzng.. w: e are p"eselllly 
looking for talented freshmen and sophomores to Jom IIsjull time thIS sum~Jer 
for a project at UCSD on regional development alternatIVes jor the San Diego 
ar§a. We wtU be preparing a compllter amma/ed film WIth the Comprehen we 
Planning Organization for San o.ie~~ television stations. We are akle to pay 
approxim4tely 12.50 per hOllr, l1tltrally m Ih~ form of ~ .fellowshIp for Ihe 
summer. Desired qualifications include very hlg" academIC r~andlng, a slrong 
interest in environmental research \particuiarly. aIr pollu:ton . a".d regIOnal 
plan"ingl, and innovative information presentatIOn. Use/iii abilt/leos and ex-
perience could include: envi~nmental SCIences, a Ialent /0:" creatIve leader· 
ship, writr"g , film -mailing, VISUal arts, photography, Sla/IS/"-S, anr! computer 
programming. I" the operation .0/ the project and tn selectmg indIVIduals for 
partr"cipatr'o" in, and jor admrmstralton oj. the prote t . Ihtt~ ,mil be "0 
discrimination against any person On th ground of race, creed, se , or nallonal 
0"8in. If interested, please (;ontact Tom Web ler or MIke Zyda, exten.Hon 
2184 or leave a message /0, Ihem al exfen ion 2 96, glllln!$. your name, u.J dres~. and phone number. Fznal selection ~f members will be made In .l 
meellngwlthcand,dates!romll :OOA.M.to . OP.M. aturday, Atni27 

Page J Triton TilMl, April 19, 1974 



'MOUn YOU WANT ...,.. 

No, You're Not 
by A_ 

With regard to Marco Li 
Mandri's piece of April 12: 

Letters to the Editor 
The opInlona ... ..-cI on tIIIe l1li ... N mOM of the .utho,. 

WhOM nem ... _ In the 11",,_ .• net do I)Ot nec_rIIy """t 
the view. of the Triton TIm_ Anyone dealrln. to aullmlt materiel to 
be publehed In !hie MCtio ahould .. net It 1'0 the Editorial Director 
Triton TIm ... 117 Blllk. Hall. UCSD. • 

Outraged Saddened 
Editor; Editor : 

CHILE: 1974 

Two years ago, in a 
student-held election at this 
University, a majority of 
students participating 
(myself included) voted to 
abolish student government 
at UCSD. Tn,e then-
incoming Chancellor, 
William McElroy, 
displeased with the results 
of the democratic process, 
told us that what we had 
done was wrong, held his 
own poll as to what should 
be done, tabulated his 
results and (not sur-
prisingly) informed us that 
he was right and we were 
wrong. The poll begat 
S.LI .C. , which in turn 
began T.U.S.C. So, lest 
there be any confusion, 
T.U.S.C. is not "ours"; it is 
the Chancellor's . 

On Friday, April 5, 1974, 
a female employee of this 
Univers ity was verbally 
assaulted with profane 
language and threatened 
with physical violence by a 
male student at Muir 
College while in the per-
formance of her duties as 
prescribed by the-
University. On Tuesday, 
April 9, 1974, at ap-
proximately 3:45 p.m . this 
employee was struck on the 
head and again verbally 
assaulted by the same 
student. The result of these 
two incidents caused this 
employee to terminate her 
employment with the 
University because of 
extreme fear for her per-
sonal safety. This employee 
was regarded as an ex-
cellent worker by her 
supervisors and cc:rworkers 
and was well liked by all 
who knew her. 

It saddens me to learn 
that in a university 
dedicated to the pursuit of 
truth the editor of a student 
newspaper is dismissed for 
speaking the truth, as he 
sees it. Therefore, I can only 
regard (rightly or wrongly) 
the recent dismissal of 
David Buchbinder, as Editor 
of the Triton Times, as a 
suppression of freedom of 
speech and a blocking of 
the pursuit of truth. 

Seven months ago, the 
Chilean military started 
what is to be remembered 
as the bloodiest coup yet in 
Latin America. 

I t is possible that for the 
unaware reader, this coup 
only contributed to the 
already big list of military 
government in South 
America ; however, the 
characteristics of this 
particular one were unique. 

I n order to trace the 
origin of it's peculiarities, 
one has to realize that since 
September 1970, the 
democratically elected 
government headed by Dr. 
Salvador Allende was 
carrying out a most 
faSCinating experiment : to 
achieve socia lism through 
democratic changes in the 
social , economi c and 
political structures of Chile. 

Military coups in Latin 
America are generally 
bloodless; after a short time 
they show obvious signs of 
tupidity (there are a few 

rare exceptions), and it is 
also very common to 
observe the symptoms of 
fascism . Repression is 
always present, but it vades 
from its most brutal and 
undlscriminated forms, like 
in Uruguay, to a more 
selective and subtle type of 
repression , where the 
regime only "takes care" of 
those who are dangerous, 
I ike Bra zi lin the last years 
and Argenti na under 
Lanusse. 

The Chilean military 
government is a com -
bination of all these 
characteristics and much 
more . According to 
General Pinochet, the coup 
was planned long ago and 
secret meetings were held 
back in 1972. The military 
proceeded in a cold-blood, 
brutal , and murderous 
fashion from the very 
beg,"nlO~; the number of 
people killed vanes ac-
cording to the sources from 
1600 (official Junta data) to 
more than 15,000 for the 
first four month, dccording 
to former Sliedish am-
bassador Hara d Edelstam 
( *) . Thousand~ of p ople 
arf! Imprisoned or kept in 
concentration camps 

by Me~ssa Goodwyn 
without charges or trial, in 
the northern desert or the 
Patagonie Islands. Anyone 
suspected of shari ng the 
political ideas of Allende's 
government has lost his job 
in the public administration 
and in most private fac-
tories. 

But, what has happened 
in Chile since September 
11, 1973 to March 1974? A 
new " philosophy" rules the 
country . The military 
doesn't talk much, and a 
few civilians are their 
spokesmen . Manuel 
Valdez , head of the 
National Agricultural 
SOCiety says . "The masses 
have to suffer more pain, 
misery and hunger before 
they will understand the 
need for an intelligent elite 
to rule their lives". Jorge 
Fontaine, president of the 
powerful Industrial and 
Trade Confederation has 
publicly declared his ad· 
miration for the European 
fascist regimes of the 
thirties . (*) 

With these two examples 
it is easy to figure out what 
the economical policy is 
and will be. Clearly if one 
wants a country of slaves, 
there is an easy way of 
ac hieving this : starvation . 
Hundreds of thousands of 
prisoners worked in Nazi 
Germany and provided 
cheap labour for a 
miserable ration of food . 
The Chilean Militaries are 
translating this experience 
to South America, 1974. 
The Junta has abandoned 
forty years of price control , 
and by doing so, the prices 
of most articles have 
rocketed well above black 
market prices under 
Allende's administration A 
pair of shoes costs today 
seven times its price prior to 
September 1973. The price 
of sugar was increased 
twenty times, milk three 
times, and butter eleven 
times their old prices. A 
small TV set is equivalent to 
five monthly salaries of an 
average employee and a 
small car costs one hundred 
times the same salary. 

Wages have increased by 
50% in the same period. 
This policy, if consistently 

SUNSEED 
THE DAWNtNG OF A NEW CONSCIOUSNESS 

Wed. April 24, 1974 
7:50&9:00p,m. 

52.00 Students & presa'e $2.50 at door 

4 

Unicorn Theatre 
7856 LA JOllA BLVD. 

Sponsored by lor tickets & inlo 
ARICA (714 296-3322 
Triton Times, April 19, 1974 

applied, provides enormous 
amounts of cheap labor and 
this is well understood by 
many corporations which 
were nationalized under 
Allende's government, like 
Dow Chemical, IBM, CrbWn 
and Cork Seal Co., and 
Xerox, among others. These 
companies were promptly 
"de-nationalized" after the 
coup . 

To illustrate everything 
that happens in Chile today 
is too big a tilsk and maybe 
a few examples, like the 
ones mentioned above, can 
call the readers attention 
and make him wonder why 
the Chilean issue, where a 
constitutionally elected 
president was killed 
(murder is the worldwide 
opinion), where dead 
bodies are found daily on 
Santiago's streets, where 
the population is controlled 
by terror and starvation, 
where torture is standard 
procedure, has been 
completely dropped from 
our news media. 

Mavbe a question asked 
to junta spokesman Major 
Pedor . Ewing illustrates 
better than any partisan 
opinion the peculiar way of 
" thinking" of the Chilean 
rulers : 
Q : "The Junta has declared 
Chile under "State of War" 
and at the same lime it has 
declared once and again 
that Marxism in Chile has 
been defeated. Wouldn 't it 
be then possible to I itt the 
" State of War"?" 
A: 'No, not yet. Why has 
the military declared this 
"State of War" in the first 
place? The answer is that 
the Chilean military is 
extremely. legalistic. So, in 
order to apply martial law, 
the "State of War" has to be 
declared. We don't feel 
that we should issue new 
laws suited to a particular 
situation, like a dictatorship 
would do (?) . We want to 
keep the legal framework to 
which the country is used 
to " (*J 
Sheer logic! 

(.) Quoted from "Der 
Spigel", March 25, 1974. 

So much for history. As 
for current events, some 
would have it that we (the 
students) ought to take an 
interest in l .U .S.C. because 
of its control of our 
S6/ quarter student activity 
fee. If l .U.S.C's control of 
this fee is similar to the 
Communication Board's 
control of the media, such a 
statement can only mean 
that the Chancellor holds 
the purse strings--so why 
bother with l .U.S.C.? Even 
positing that T.U .S.C. does 
control my money, I would 
take the same interest in 
them that I would in 
anyone who had unrulefully 
and unconsenti ngly taken 
money from me--I would 
report them to the 
authorities. But in this case 
T.U.S C. is the authority 
(nominally, at most), so 
you'll excuse me if I shrug 
my shou lders and walk 
away . 

For what its worth, The 
Persons From T.U.S.C. 
could serve "us" best by 
abolishing the student 
activity fee (as well as the 
student center fee), and 
then abolishing themselves. 
But, with the graduation of 

those who remember the 
corruption and inanity that 
accompanied " big-t ime" 
student government here at 
UCSD, the fees will be 
increased while T.U.S.C.ies 
start Passing Go and 
Collecting. Well, at least I 
won't be the banker- but 
don't claim that you weren 't 
warned . 

As a fellow employee of 
this University, I am 
outraged by the fai lure of 
the administration of this 
campus to take any 
punitive action to this date 
against the student in-
volved. I also find it ironic 
that an employee of this 
University will be sum-
marily discharged from 
employment, with very 
little if any legal recourse, 
in a case where he or she 
strikes a student. 

I hereby call upon the 
administration of this 
University to explain why 
there is not fair and equal 
treatment for all members 
of the UCSD community. I 
strongly bel ieve that this 
matter should not be taken 
lightly. 

Sincereiy, 
UCSD employee 
Hum 

Editor (for this week 
anyways) : 

Congratulations I UCSD 
has just taken another giant 
step backwards in the realm 
of common sense and 
intelligence. We have been 
witness to (and some-party 
to) a glowing example of 
the hypocrisy we all decry. 
We have also observed 

The U.C.SD. Un- another example of 
dergraduate Student, or for Chancellor Mcelroy's poor 
s imp I i cit y, T . U . S . judgement or at least his 

weakness. 
Whether the April Fool 's 

Issue was aimed at Third 
World students or the 
administration is irrelevant. 
The fact that a few overly 
sensitive and emotional 
students were able to place 
the matter at the Chan-
cellor's feet is extremely 
relevant. Whether he 
dismissed the editor out of 
fear of being termed a racist 
if he didn't or simply out of 
a distaste for Buchbinder'S 
editorial opinions is an 

continued on p~ge 11 

Perhaps Buchbinder did 
open a Pandora's Box of 
ugly truths, but should this 
act constitute a silencing of 
his freedom of expression? I 
think not. 

The clever use ot' 
dramatic irony and satire in 
the " April Fool" issue shows 
me, at least, we have a 
potential 20th Century 
version of Jonathan Swift 
(ef. "A Modest Proposal" ) in 
David Buchbinder. 

I, too , regret 
dismissal. 
Carmen Schoensee 
Class 72 

Buckled 
Editor : 

his 

As a former UCSD 
student, I would like to 
protest the firing of Dave 
Buchbinder from his 
position of Triton Times 
Editor in Chief. 

It is incredible that 
certain individuals on the 
Communications Board and 
from Third College are so 
solemn, oversensitive, and 
intolerant that they can not 
see that intended humor 
and satire of the April 2 
edition which was, after all , 
labeled April Fool. Anyone 
who has read the Triton 
Times for a period of time 
should surely be able to see 
that it is not a "racist or 
insensitive" paper. On the 
contrary, most if not all of 
its issues have been critical 
of the conservative 
establishment- Nixon, 
Watergate, Agnew, Reagan, 
land developers , and 
others. Since the dimense 
of the conservative 
newspaper Dimension in 
1972, Third College has 
hardly recieved any serious 
criticism at all. What are 
they feeling so abused 
about? 

What is all the more 
irritating about this is the 
hYPOCritical nature of Dave 
Buchbinder's accusers. If he 
and h is staff were attacked 
from the right, such as with 
Stull and the Copley Press 
against Marcuse, they 
would have vehemently 
come to his defense. It 
seems that they believe in 
freedom of the press only in 

continued on p.1Ige 11 

CURE "TERM PAPER FRIGHT" 

~-?~.:-~ 
FRIDAY FILMS 

GOD SPELL 
ERRORITE'- ~!':~RSTORE 

- - - - - - WITH ERRORITE ! 

USB 2172 
7:30 & 10:00 

the following documents •••• 
\ 

TO: Mr. David Buchbinder 
Mr. James Soto 
Mr. Larry Deckel 
Mr. Michael Sesma 
Mr. Ed Simons 
FROM: Michael Weiss, Chairman, UCSD Communication Board 
RE: Officiallrievance to be heard before the Communictions Board on Monday, April 
the 8th, 1974, at 3:00 in room 250 Matthews Campus. 

Herewith is official notification of the filing of a grievance against the 
aforementioned. As you may know, at the April 4, 1974 meeting of the Com-
munications Board, the followinl motion was made: "That the editor-in-chief ot,the 
Triton Times and the persons involved in the writing of the front paae of the April 2, 
1974 edition be dismissed." Discussion at the April 8th meeting shall be centered 
around said motion. Please be aware that amendments to said motion and/or 
substitute motions 'will be in order. 

The Bill of Particulars against the six named individuals and the Triton Times in 
total is as follows : 

1. The April 2nd 1974 issue of the Triton Times spoke disparagingly of people of 
color.Said issue was also biased against Third College. This has increased racial 
tension while decreasing our ability to create a campus community. 

2. The April 2, 1974 issue of the Triton Times was not proper satire. As such it was 
violative of Sec. 2 (d) of the Com Board's Standard of Journalistic Excellance, et al . 

3. The Triton Times has consistantly shown an inability to be representative of the 
entire campus community, which is it's mission as the official campus media . 

4. The Triton Times has consistantly shown an insensitivity towards Third College 
and toward people of color. ' 

Please be aware that the Communication Board will be meeting on April 8, 1974 at 
3:00 in 250 Matthews Campus. At that time you will have every opportunity to be 
heard. 

Dear Michael : 

Michael Weiss, Chairman 
Communication Board 

It is my understanding that the Communications Board is considering community 
concerns vis a vis the April 2 edition of the Triton Times. Because of the gravity of the 
issues involved, I am requesting that the recommendation of the Communications 
Board be made "in confidence" to the Chancellor. please be assured that the 
Chancellor will promptly review and respond to the Board's decision. 

(Dictated by Dean Murphy but signed in his absence) 
Sincerely yours, 

George S. Murphy 

trace the Newspaper's Fate 
The following documents are those related to the Communication Board and 

administrative decision concerning the Triton Times and its existence as the official 
student newspaper of UCSD. The administration had originally requested the 
publication tn toto of only the Comm Board letter to Chancellor McElroy and the 
letter trom the Lhancellor in response to Comm Board recommendations . It was the 
intention of the Triton Times originally to print these two documents and others 
related to the case as soon as space became available. Unfortunately, the Triton 
Times is now being accused of refUSing to print these documents unless the ad-
ministration paid for the space . When the administration informed the Triton Times 
of their desires concerning the publication of these documents, the April 16 paper 
was, for all intents and purposes, finished. It was explained to officials that unless the 
administration could pav for an additional four pages, it was out of our hands. It 
seems that certain officials felt that this was an excuse to obscure the fact that we 
really didn't want to print the material. In this issue, the Triton Times is absorbing the 
cost of four ad-free pages in order to present these important documents to the 
public. 

Un the tollowing tour pages (which can be lifted from the rest of the edition) are all 
the documents addressed to the Comm Board and/of the Chancellor and other 
related individuals over the past two weeks. Also included is an open letter from the 
Comm Board to the Triton Times and the UCSD Community. 

-Michael Sesma, 
Managing Editor 

GEORGE S. MURPHY 
Vice Chancellor, Dean of Student Aft dir s 
SUBJEct : Triton Times April 1st Issue 

I am writing to request that the Triton Times issue of April 1st be formally reviewt'd 
to determine its propriety and whether it fully meets journalistic standards 
established for the newspaper by the Communications Board . 

Given the character of the Triton Times reporting during this academic year 
(beginning with its first issue), the cover articles of the April 1st issue can not be 
simply dismissed as a college prank-for it has the character of being part of a 
campaign by the Triton Times to defile Th ird College and its students. 

. Joseph W. Watson 
Provost 

VICE CHANCELLOR GEORGE MURPHY: 
On my return to San Diego Saturday evening, I learned about the complaints 

against several members of the staH of the Triton Times . I have been informed that 
the Communications Board will meet this afternoon. 

I recognize that this matter is the responsibility of the Communications Board, and 
I have no wish to abridge that authority; nevertheless, since the success or failure of 
the campus newspaper has direct implications to Revelle College, I should appreciate 
an opportunity to review all aspects of the situation with the College Dean and our 
students before any recommendation is made. I request that no final recom-
mendation be made until I can accomplish such a review. 

Murray Goodman 
Acting Provost 

THE COMMUNICATIONS BOARD OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SA 
DIEGO 

As a member of the UCSD community, I wish to express in the strongest terms my 
outrage and dismay at the crude offensivE:ness of the recent "April Fool" issue of the 
Triton Times. Over the years one comes to expect on this date rather labored and 
sometimes gross efforts at satire in campus papers, but on this occasion the Triton 
Times displayed a lack of understanding of campus feelings and went well beyond 
one's worst expectations . It showed, moreover, that those responsible for the front 
page are badly out of touch with large numbers of their fellow students and others at 
UCSD. Otherwise they could scarcely have supposed that such things as the 
photograph of African peoples which they selected for a prominent place would be 
regarded as funny or as acceptable satire. Who, one wonders, is the object of such 
satiric intent as that picture might be supposed to embody? 

I particularly resent the singling out of Third College for a disproportionate share of 
attention . (I note that Muir, the largest college and one that surely ha.s legitimate 
objects for genuine satire, passed unmentioned.) I hope that members of Thi,d 
College will understand that the rest of us at UCSD are proud of that college, and 
particularly proud of its strong and able provost, Dr . Joseph Watson . 

I trust that you will find an appropriate means for making plain to the UCSD 
commun ity that this demeaning issue of an official publication seriously 
misrepresents our feelings toward Third College and toward all persons and groups 
who were subjected to such ill-conceived and disgraceful treatment 

John L. Stewart 
(Provost Stewart wishes to emphasize he was speaking as an individual and not as 

the Provost of Muir, ed.) 

THE OFFICIAL NEWSPAPER : AN IRRESPONSIBLE VOICE AN ALTERNATIVE 
PROPOSAL 

We feel that the present crisis faCing the Communication Board has resulted from 
the privileged position enjoyed by the Triton limes in its relationship to the Com-
munication Board and the UCSD administration . Despite a history of dissatisfaction 
with the material printed in the Triton Times, and a barrage of complaints, im-
provement in the quality of that newspaper's copy has not been evident. This problem 
cannot be s.olved by removing individuals . Similar problems concerning the content 
of the Triton Times have existed in previous years. The problem is one of structure 
rather than one of content or individuals . The official status and structure of the 
Triton Times does not promote communication and the " free exchange" of ideas. 
Rather the stance taken by that newspaper is often contradictory to the views held by 
a significant percentage of the UCSD community. We propose that the news 
monopoly presently held by the Triton Times be dissolved in the following manner. 

1) The Triton Times should not be funded as an official campus newspaper because 
its editorial stance, structure and advertising policy have polarized and al ienated vast 
sectors of the university community . I n tact, a significant number of students are 
insulted by the policies of the official university paper which are racist, sexist, and 
insensitive. 

2) In order to satisfy the informational needs of the campus we propose a weekly 
bulletin whichshould be solely informational in purpose. It should be funded by Public 
Affairs and/ or Extension. It should not be funded by student funds 

3) We propose that the Communication Board's funds be redistributed equally 
among the subsidiary journals (including the Triton Times) which come out on a 
regular basis (at least once a month.) 

4) We feel that one journal or newspaper cannot be considered the officia I vOice of 
the students. There are diverse "roups on campus which cannot be incorporated IOtO 
one paper. Hence, the Communications Board should financially encourage and 
support these groups to voice their opinions via subsidiary journals. 
Third World Studies Group 
Third World Film Group 
MECHA 
Asian-American Student Alliance 
Radical Coalition 
North Star Collective 
Prensa Popular 
United Native Americans 
American Federation of Teachers 
Radical Education Project 
Farmworker Support Group .~ I·' 
Student Educational Change and Development Center 
Mujer 

. 

s Triton Timel, April 19, 1974 



WIlliAM D McHROY 
ICA TIONS BOARD, UCSD 
S - AI'Rll 2, 1974 EDITION 

OtW Chancello·- McElroy: 

April 4), 1974 

~ollowing the April 2, 1974 issue of the Triton Times, numerous complaints, from 
"II sectors of the University Community, were registered against that paper. An 

.;:·mj>rl.!.l>nj-V Communications Board meeting was held last Thursday, April 4, 1974 to 
SCLISS these complaints. 
A motion was presented to the board stating, "th~t the editor-in-chief of the Triton 

Times and persons involved in the writing of the front page of the April 2, 1974, 
t>dition be dismissed," and discussion of this motion continued for approximately two 
hours; before this motion could be voted on, as stated in the Communications Board 
(onstitution, those persons who were involved with the front page were given three 

ys notice and a bill of particulars . This was sent to those individuals (with one 
_.~,~rulion due to a clerical error) and a meeting was rescheduled for Monday, April 8, 

1974. 
At the beginning of ollr April 8 meeting, Mark Bookman, advisor to the Board, 

outlined exactly what the Board could and could not do according to our Constitution 
and By Laws Unless the Triton Times waived the five days notice required for a 
tormal grievance hearing only the motion made on Thursday could be considered . At 
the request of the Triton Times the proceedings were changed to a grievance hearing 

the Triton Times waived the 5 day notification requirement. The Board also felt 
it was appropriate to enter an executive, closed meeting. Those present were 
.rnplmn,pr~ of the Communications Board, ex-officio members from the media, those 

iduals mentioned in the bill of particulars and a nonvoting representative from 
ir College ince Muir at this time does not have a representative . More testimony 
given by a few people within the community and the Triton Times staff involved. 

After all questionS haQ been asked, the members of the Triton Times staff were 
asked to summarize their position . At this time it was requested that everyone, except 

bers of the Board, leave while the Board deliberated . 
Board deliberated for a lengthy period The findings of the Board are as. 

lows ' 

(1) With respect to point one in the bill of particulars, the Board feels that it was not 
intent or mission of the articles to speak disparagingly of people of color or that 
be biased against Third College. The effect is different from intent and ther~fore 
complain{ was not substantiated . 

(2) With regard to point two, the Board did not find the articles improper satire and 
they were not violative of sec 2 (d) of the Communications Board Standard of 
Journalistic. Excellence, et al. 

This decision was aided by the expert testimony of Dr. Elliot, a professor English 
Literature at UCSD. 

(3) As far as point three in the bill of particulars, the Board feels the testimony given 
proves that the Triton Times is not representative of the entire campus community 
nd therefore is remiss in fulfilling its mission as the official campus media. 
(4) With reference to point four, over the last year, a series of articles and letters 

uch as, " Satisfaction ", "Reply to Black Women", "Shockley Appointed Provost at 
", " Work on Third Starts" and the picture and caption on the top of the front 

page of the April2, 1974 issue, has demonstrated repeated insensitivity towards Third 
allege and toward people of color . 

The Board having agreed that continuous lack of representation of the entire 
ampus and an msensitivity toward Third College and toward people of color has 

demonstrated, it was therefore felt that due to the gravity of the situation a 
letter of censure or advice, alone would not be sufficient to prevent this occurring 
again . 

Our recommendations are as follows: 
(1) We asked for the resignation of David Buchbinder as editor-in-chief of the 

Triton Times He declined and we therefore voted for his removal. 
(2) Publl t ation and funding of the Toiton Times be suspended for two weeks, 

beginning Monday, April 15, 1974. A letter of advice stating that during this two week 
period of suspension a reorganization of the Triton Times, to give more adequate 
coverage of the entire campus and an addition of staff more reflective of the entire 
campus community, take place. Also a name be submitted as editor-in-chief to 
replace David Buchbinder. This plan and the name of the new editor must be sub-
mitted for approval by Monday, April 29, 1974 for a review by the Board before 
publ ication can resume. 

Everyone who attended the executive session of the meeting agreed to maintain a 
48-hour period of silence to end at midnight Thursday, April 11, 1974. 

The Triton Times or any other media may not make public either the conclusions of 
the Board (until after midnight, Thursday) or the decision of the (hancellor if that 
comes before the Thursday deadline. At that time the Board's decisions will 
automatically be made public., 

If you w ish to meet with the Board, it will be available for a meeting between 10:00 
and 11 :00 a.m. on Wednesday, April 10, 1974. 

Tapings of the executive session, but not the deliberations, are available. They are 
presently locked In a desk drawer in Dean Murphy's office. Included with this letter is 
the notice sent to those staff involved and the Bill of Particulars . 

Triton Times, I\pril 19, 1974 

Respectfully submitted, 
Michael Weiss, Chairman 

Communications Board 

IN CONriDENCl: 

MR. MICHAEl WEISS, Chairman 
UCSD Communications Board 

Dear Mr. Weiss : 

I am writing in respon5e to your memorandum of April 9 in which you reported the 
findings and recommendations of the Communications Board with respect to the 
allegations directed against some members of the staff of the Triton Times. I do so 
respecting, and personally appreciating, the confidentiality with which the Board 
sought to deal with this difficult matter. I ask that the Board apprise the editor-in-chief 
the staff of the Times of my action, a courtesy that is demanded by the circumstances, and 
that it then make such public disclosure of its findings and recommendations and of 
response and the reasons therefor as it deems necessary and proper. 

I accept the Board's findings which I understand as follows : 

(1) that there was no malicious intent on the part ot the staff of the Triton Times in 
publishing the articles challenged in the April 2 edition; but that the effect of such 
publication has been demeaning and offensive to many members of the University com-
munity ; 

(2) that satire is a form of journalistic comment that is consistent with Board standards of 
excellence; but that the satire attempted in the April 2 issue of the Times was poorly done 
and patently offensive to many and to persons of color on campus specifically; 

(3) that the Times has made little effective effort to make itself representative of the 
University community and has operated, I presume innocently and unintentionally, from a 
stance which has been perceived by many a~ actually discouraging participation by those 
who might have broadened its " representative-ness" ; and, 

(4) that a series of editorial decisions over the current academic year has reflected 
unusually poor judgment, has been addressed by the Board, without success, and has been 
cumulatively in5ensitive and/or insulting to the aspirations and concerns of persons of 
co lor on the campus generally. 

Accordingly, and with the regret that I am sure accompanies your recommendation, 
concur that the editor-in-chief of the Triton Times should be dismissed effective at the t 
of your notification to him that I have acted on your advice (I enclose a copy of th 
memorandum which, I ask, be delivered to him) ; (his editorial judgments, or the judo""""". 
which were his ultimate responsibility, have, on repeated occasions, been seriousl 
defective and have remained apparently unaffected by prior Board attempts to help him 
acknowledge his obligations to the campus.) 

Further, it appears that other senior members of the Times' editorial staff have np,mnn-. 
strated a degree of judgmental error and a lack of sensitivity of their own, if less consllste'ntllvl 
so than the editor-in-chief, and I find their conduct censurable, though not grounds 
dismissal. I believe that the campus should be able to expect more of its official media than 
a succession of errors and apologies of the sort we have witnessed in the last several 
months . 

I have serious reservations about your proposal that the publication and funding of the 
Times be suspended for a two week period and I cannot, as a consequence, accept that 
recommendation . 

I found our meeting this morning helpful in understanding the Board's reasons for urgi 
such a drastic step and I can appreciate the sense of seriousness and frustration whic 
prompted it . But I share your commitment to the future and the integrity of the Times a 
its suspension, I fear, would threaten both . Nor do I see such action as necessary to 
the rethinking and restructuring of the Times that the Board calls for and that I agree is 
essential. 

April 10, 1974 

MEMO TO: Chance llor William D. McElroy, Vice-Chancellor George S. Murphy, Micha 
Weiss, Chairman, Campus Communications Board 

FORMAL COMPLAINT 

The recent proceedings held in the Communications Board against the Triton Times cast 
severe doubt upon the validity of the Comm Board as a whole by its conSistently demon-
s.trated lack to know or understand its regulations and procedures . Additonally, the manner 
in which much of the evidence was presented to the Comm Board can be called into valid 
question. 

In the realm of Constitutional irresponsibility, we find that the Comm Board has con-
sistently violated the following rules and procedures contained within its Constitution and 
By-Laws : 

Constitutional Points : 

1. Article III : " ".The Board shall not engage in the censorship of communications 
but may review all recognized media on the campus to assess their compatibility 
standards of publishing or broadcasting excellence, as applicable, and to avoid 
with state and federal law." We contend, and research would support this contention, 
the Triton Times has been exonerated of any factual charges and of violating any 
guidelines set forth by the Campus Communications Board . Furthermore, the 
the Board found the Triton Times vivlative of are them5elves violative of Annel1drnelnt 
the US Constitution, Article I, Sec . 9 of the State of California Constitution, and IlPm<lID~. 
Amendment VIII of the US Constitution . In light of such considerations, certain 
are contemplating definite legal action against the University of California. 

2. Article IV : This Article of the Comm Board Constitution states that certain adv 
ca n be invited to the board when the board so deems necessary. In the matter at 
failure of the Board to invite "One specialist in mass communications and 
representative appointed from the Office of Public Affairs" to lend their professional 
opinions concerning the matter at hand is prejudicial towards the TritoQ Times . 

3. Article VII B. 3.: "Grievances concerning the content or operation of communl(:atI1ons. 
media will be considered in light of contemporary standards of excellence 
stitutional rights of free expression." We refer you back to our analysiS of point 1 
this matter . Furthermore, we contend that the Communications Bo~rd could be 
gui lty of violating the Constitutional fights. not only of specific members of the T.:,._ .• 
Times, or of the Triton Times as a whole, but al~o of the entire Campus community. 

Ily-1 aw~ 

Alternatively, I charle the Board to name, at the earliest possible date and in a fashion 
consistent with the Times constitution and by-laws, a new editor-in-chief fOf the balance of 
this year and, hopefully, for 1974-75. Further, I ask the Board to direct the new editor to 
assume the principal task, over the next few weeks, of developing and beginning to im-
plement a plan for the reorlanization and restructurins of the Times in such ways as to 
make it more representative and more reflective of the campus. During that period, I would 
expect the senior editOfial staff of the Times to continue publication in Ofder that the 
University not be deprived of its single most important instrument of communication. 

I charae the Board to assume an active role in these reorsanizational efforts and to satisfy 
itself of the quality and practicality of the plan as it is developed. Further, I have directed 
Vice Chancellor Murphy to work with the Board and with the media, to seek and to employ, 
on a half-time basis, a person who can provide a level of professional journalistic advice 
and assistance that will minimize the likelihood of any repetition of our present difficulties. 

I believe this course of action is more likely to produce the results we seek than the one 
the Board propo5es, particularly if it is punctuated by the sen5e of urgency and importance 
that you described to me today. 

In addition to responding to your findings and recommendations, I believe it is important 
that I acknowledge, for the recOfd, what it is that the Board has not done as I understand 
your report and our discussion this morning. 

1. The Board has not charged the Times with a duty to report, selectively, only favorable 
news affecting the campus or elements thereof; or, to put it in converse fashion, the Board 
has not faulted any member of the staff of the Times for objective reporting, for letting the 
facts, as best they can be ascertained, speak tor themselves or for espousing editorial 
positions, however controversial, challenging, or critical of the campus or of members of 
the campus community. 

2. The Board has not charged the Times with a duty so to report the news or to 
editorialize thereon as to avoid any conceivable offense or affront to members of the 
University community no matter how fatuous, far-flung or imagined; the Board has not, in 
other words, directed the Times to publish or its staff to write only pap as its ultimate 
protection from possible complaint or objection . 

3. The Board has not sought to violate its own constitution or by-laws by engaging in 
censorship of the Times, whether prior to or following publication, nor is there any 
discernible interest on the part of the Board, or any member thereof, in easing its(his) way 
into such a destructive and intimidating role. 

4. The Board has not acted, in my view, either precipitously or arbitrarily in its efforts to 
demand a standard of journalistic excellence and responsibility from the media under its 
charge; the Board has not indicted the staff of the Times, impugned its motives or 
challenged its role as official campus newspaper. It has sought to deal with a staff matter in 
the only way apparently remaining open to it. 

5. The Board has not, insofar as I can tell, run roughshod over First Amendment rights 
either by attempting to abridge the freedom of the press, as that freedom has been defined 
by the courts, or by inhibiting the prerogatives of individual expression. Ultimately, I 
realize, those issues may have to be addressed by the courts, not by a Chancellor, and I 
have no misgivings about having your recommendations or my response subjected to such 
review . 

Finally, I should note that I have considered the complaint, related to your action and 
filed by Messrs. Buchbinder, Soto and Sesma (a copy of which you have received), in 
arriving at my decision . Where allegations therein contained are relevant to the Board's 
recommendation, I have sought to address them; where such allegations are independent 
of your action, I will respond to the complainants directly; where such allegations an-
ticipa te adjudication in the courts, I defer to that arena for final resolution. 

I thank you for the seriousness with which you have taken on this task and for the quality 
of your advice. I deeply appreciate your efforts under unusually trying circumstances . 

Sincerely yours, 

W. D. McElroy 
Chancellor 

cc. Mr David Buchbinder, Editor-in-Chief, Triton Times Vice Chancellor George S. Murphy 
Members of the UCSD Communica tions Board 

4. VI G. " The Board shall review the operations and staff of each recognized campus 
medium at least once each quarter, preferably at the last regular meeting of each quarter." 
Again, research would show that the Board has not accomplished this task at all, this year, 
or in years previous. It is indeed possible, that if the Board has been properly exercising its 
duties, then such a sit uation as now exists might have been avoided entirely. 

5. VI (new) "An accurate list of all votes taken (yes/ no/ abstain) shall be kept for all 
meetings and these vote tallies shall be included in the published minutes of the Comm 
Hoard meetings." This has not been done in the present case . 

Questions. 

The manner in which much "prosecution" testimony was delivered in the meeting of 4/ 8 
presents valid questions, as a perusal of the taped segments of the proceedings should 
indicate. Hearsay evidence was willingly accepted as well as unsubstantiated factual 
eVidence, while substantiated factual evidence was either ignored or called into severe 
question. Note that the on"" articles called (or placed) into evidence concerning the "Triton 
Times ". inability to be representative of the entire campus community". " and "The Triton 
rimes has conSistently shown as insensitivity towards Third College and toward people of 
color." were letters to the Editor. Taking such actions on the basis of such evidence 
represents a fundamental neglect of the very intent of the First Amendment of the US 
Constitution . That is, no News articles were ever called into question. Therefore, in at-
tempting to brand someone's valid opinion as "racist" thereby attempting to inhibit that 
individual's right to free expression, represents an extremely nefarious attempt to inhibit 
the Fir~t Amendment rights of all individuals . 

Recommendation : 

In light of the gross negligence which the Communications Board has committed in 
failing to obey its own Constitution and Regulations as well as tho5e of Higher Orders of 
Law, we feel that the Communications Board should be duly dissolved and a more dilligent 
body be formed in order to supervise the activities of the Campus Media. 

Recent experiments in Santa Barbara (the Press Council) may serve as a guide for further 
action . 

let it further be known that in addition to the legal actions being contemplated (as stated 
above) consideration is also being given to possible Defamation suits against the University 
of California by specific individuals. The5e suits would be pursuant with Section 46 
(S lander) of the Califomia Civil Code (Note points 1,2,5 of said section of said code). 

It should also be pointed out that failure of the Triton Times to publish for two weeks 
could result in the filing of numberous suits for Breach of Contract, which of course, would 
be filed by our respective advertisers. 

Sincerely, 

DaVid l. Buchbinder 

James G Soto 

Michael A Sesm a 

To : Vice-Chancellor Murphy 250 MC 
From: David l . Buchbinder 

EditOT in-Chief Triton Times 
Re: My Dismissal. 

I would like to express my utter and complete dissatisfaction concernmg the 
manner in which the proceedings of the Communications Board were held. Several of 
my misgivings concerning the procedural handling of this affair have already been 
presented to you, but now, I would like to Appeal the decision of the Chancellor on 
these procedural grounds. I am approaching you first as, I believe, protocol holds that 
such be the case. 

In addition to my previous complaints. I would now like to add the following 
(re: Communications Board By-Laws) 

1. (Article IV C.) "Where the Board by a simple majority finds that a grievance falls 
within Article VII (B) of the Board's constitution, the Board will provide notice of the 
grievance to the medium co'ncerned, and will schedule a hearing on the matter. Not 
less than five days shall pass between the sending of notice and the time of the 
hearing" 

2 (Sec. D.) " Based on the outcome of its inquiry the Board may take one or more of 
the following Actions : 1. Dismiss the complaint; 2. Issue an advisory letter; 3 ReqUire 
a right of reply ; 4. Issue a letter of censure; 5. Suspend recognition and funding; b 
Remove one or more staff members; 7. Withdraw recognition and funding ." 

3. (V 8 a.) " Notification of intention to bring a motion for dismissal must be made 
in writing at least three days before the regular meeting at which such a motion will 
be considered, and must be submitted to the secretary of the Board and to the voting 
members of the Board and the party involved. Such notification must include a bill of 
particulars." 

The contention was made by myself. and was supported by the analysis of the 
Communications Board legal advisor, that Article IV must be complied with before 
Article V8a can be instituted. The Communications Board now contends that the TT 
only "Requested" that the meeting of 4/ 8 be turned into a Grievance Hearing It 
further contends that when the Triton Times waived the five days notice prior to a 
Grievance Hearing, it also waived the 3 day provision of Article V Section 8a ThiS IVdS 
not the case. 

The motion made by myself, which was subsequently passed, specifically state 
" The current motion on the floor (4/ 4) IS out of order. I move the following substitute 
motion : That the charges brought forth are grievances and that a formal Grievance 
Hearing should be held in order to determine the validity of the charges . Con-
sequently, the Board should then determine what action it should take pursuant With 
Article IV Section D of the By-Laws . In instituting a formal Grievance Hearing all 
procedures dealing with such a hearing should be followed." 

A perusal of the taped segments of the Executive Session would indicate that the 
Triton Times did not waive the 3 day provision when it waived the 5 day provision. 

Additionally, it has come to my..attention that the Board held two secret meetings 
(secret in the sense that no ex-officios were informed). This is a deplorable action and 
shows a total diregard for the procedures of the Communications Board . 

Therefore, on the grounds stated previously and in this letter, I appeal the deciSion 
of the Chancellor, demanding a rehearing of the matter following all proper 
procedures as outlined in the By-Laws of the Communications Board 

Until such time, I sincerely doubt that I can voluntarily comply with the request of 
the Communications Board and the Chancellor. 

Sincerely, 

Dear Vice-Chancellor M~rphy : 

David L Buchbinder 
Editor-in-Chief Triton Times 

Mr. David Buchbmder is In our office and he has asked us to assist him in handling 
his appeal, since it is clear that basic constitutional questions are inextricably in-
volved in the matter of his dismissal as the Editor-in-Chief of the Triton Times. We 
would like to supplement his letter of appeal by this letter and by emphasizing the 
basic constitutional question of freedom of the press in addition to the due process 
points which he urged in his original letter 

His dismissal under all the circumstances is in clear violation of his fights under the 
First Amendment to the United States Constitution and to the freedom of expression 
guaranteed under Article One, Section 9 of the Constitution of the State of California. 

Ther6!fore, in light of the proced.ral irregularities which are outlined in his letter 
and since there has been uch a clear violation of his constitutional rights, it is 
requested that the matter of his dismissal ought to be reconsidered by the Com-
munications Board so that he may have a full and fair hearing before aid Board . 

In the event that this is not possible, then we ask that a hearing be conducted in 
your oftice, if possible on Wednesday, April 24, 1974. At this hearing we would like 
the opportunity to present a summary of the applicable law and we would like the 
opportunity to present limited oral arguments in support of his position . 

Thank you for your consideration and for your willingness to permit us to file this 
letter as a supplement to his letter of appeal. 

7 Triton Timft, April 

Sincerely yours. 
William F. Gavin 
Attorney at Law 

19, 1974 



TO THE TRITOI ~ MES AND THE UCSD CAMPUS COMMUNITY 
The Triton T ~ serves as the primary communications medium for the entire 

UCSD CMIPUS '-·OftImunity. As the recOinized official print medium the Triton Times 
must assume tJu major responsibility in the pretenution of diverse viewpoints from 
all -aments of the UCSD umpus community. The Triton Times must not sit com-
plAcently by waiting for the news to come to it, rather the Triton Times must actively 
seek out the 11f~W5 and viewpoints of the entire UCSD campus community; con-
verwly, it is on~( with the aid and support of the campus community that the Triton 
Times can be expected to succeed. The Communications Board believes in the 
concept of the Triton Times being the recOllnized official newspaper for UCSD and 
supports the Triton Times financially . 

The Communications Board of UCSD, composed of a student chairperson elected 
by the preceeding Board, one student from each college, one at-Iaree student ap-
pointed by TUse, one graduate student, and ex-officio representatives from the 
media, met in public session to hear the grievances apinst the Triton Times. The 
lITievances centered on two issues; first that the front page of April 2, 197", edition 
was not satire, spoke disparagingly of people of color, and was biased against Third 
College. and second, that the Triton Times had repeatedly revealed itself as 
unrepresentative of the entire UCSD campus community and was insensitive to the 
needs and aspirations of people of color generally and of Third College in particular. 
After several hours of open meeting. the Board went into executive session to 
deliberate. 

The Soard found that the front page of the April 2, 1974, edition was intended to be 
satire but W&$ so poorly done that it became racially offensive. The Soard further 
found that the Triton Times was indeed not representative of the entire campus 
commun ity and had repeatedly shown an insensitivity toward people of color, as 
typified by publishing "Satisfaction," an unsubstantiated opinion from an unknown 
author which clearly defamed a racial group. The editor-in-chief, along with the 
editorial staff, is charged with the responsibility to edit the paper and insure high 
standards of journalistic excellence. The evidence accumulated over this school year 
forced the Board to conclude that these people, particularly the editor-in-chief, had 
failed in their responsibilities and therefore to recommend the removal of the editor-
in-chief . Furthermore, th'e Board recommended that there be a two week suspension 
of publication and funding, which was vetoed by the Chancellor. The April 2, 197", 
front page was only the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. ~ 

To help remedy the problem a reorganization of the Triton Times staff is called for. 
in particular, additions to the staff to make it more representative of thf> overall 

campus community. Tite most important staff addition is now the new editor-in-chief. 
The job requires a responsible, experienced person who is sensitive and responsive to 
the needs of all sepnents of the campus community, but without kow-towing to any 
specific seament. The editor-in-chief posdion is now vacant and we call for 
nominations from the Nqminating Committee of the Communications Board which is 
accepti"lappllcations. The Communications Board urges the Triton Times to hold 
publicized public meetings on all campuses, but the campus must be responsive. The 
Third CoIlqe Assembly must lift its ban on all campus media reporters for better 
communications between the media and that college. 

To those members 01 the campus community who have felt that the Triton TilT1e1 
has not been representative in the Jnst let them know that the Triton Times has been 
charged to take the initiative, but that ulti.mately it is your efforts, participation and 
support that are necessary for the future success of the Triton Times. Do not fail to 
sieze this opportunity. 

There are many who have urged the Board to censor the Triton Times as a method 
of preventing a recurrence of the problem; this we will not do. The Triton Times has 
an obligation to report the truth and it shall have the full support of the Board in 
doing so. 

Michael G. Weiss 
Chairman. 

Communications Board 

Michael J. Elcon 
Graduate Student 

Representative 

John M . Gallagher 
Student at Large-

appointed by TUSC 

Douglas Greg Kahn 
Revelle Colle.e 
Representative 

Ron Roberts 
Third College Representative 

Open Letter To The Chancellor 
The Triton Times hu been notified thilt the Chancellor il off campul for businesl 

ilnd will not be able to respond to the following letter until hit retum on Wecinesdily 
April 24. ' 

Dear Chancellor McElroy. 
In your letter to Michael Weiss detailing the disciplinary action to be taken against 

the TRITON TIMES, you state that your decision to dismiss editor-in-chief David 
Buchbinder was based on a history of "editorial decisions" which " reflected 
unusually poor judgement." As editorial directors of the TRITON TIMES in the period 
preceding the publication of the April 2 issue, we feel that we have been personally 
attacked, and insist that you clarify your charge. 

In our own conversations with those who are dissatisfied with the paper, several 
letters or articles which appeared on the TRITON TIMES editorial and opinion page in 
the past two quarters have been singled out as unacceptable and racist. We will 
review these letters and the circumstances attending their publication : 

Most frequently mentioned was ' a letter from "A Black Woman" entitled 
"Satisfaction". The publication of this letter was in technical violation of the stated 
guidelines for the TRITON TIMES editorial and opinion pages (which we devised 
ourselves) requiring that all letters suitable for publication in " Letters to the Editor" 
bear a proper name and student ID number. The intent of this regulation is to insure 
the culpabi lity if a published letter contains malicious mistatement of fact. Since the 
"Black Woman" letter contained nothing of a personally slanderous nature. and 
realizing that it was unrealistic to expect the author of such a letter to include her real 
name, one of us (Mark McCarty) decided to print the let.ter despite the technical 
violation involved . We feel that this was a violation of the letter but not the spirit of 
the law. 

As to the content of the letter, we feel that it would not be objectionable after an 
intelligent reading. If the first sentence of the letter is read out of context, it does 
seem to be blantantly racist. But a reading of the whole letter will show that this is the 
statement of a woman who wants her lovers to be more respectful and considerate. It 
is a women's liberation statement from a Black viewpoint. As such, we see nothing 
improper about it. As to the explicit sexual content, we feel that it was not ob-
jectionable to the majority of mature students on campus. 

Another letter mentioned as objectionable was one from two former Third College 
students who had transferred to Berkeley and found that they cou ld not receive 
credits for many of their Third College courses. The interpretation which they placed 
upon this was certainly open to debate, but was not prima facie absurd or slanderous. 
The validity of the claimed authorship of this letter was carefully checked . 

A letter entitled "Rude Blacks" concerned an incident which occured during the 
showing of "Lady Sings the Blues" at the Friday Night Flicks . The author of the letter 
complained that while a number of students were waiting in line to enter USB 2722, a 
group of about fifty Blacks arrived and shoved into the front of the line, claiming that 
they had priority since it was "their picture". The author mentioned several other 
racial incidents which occurred during the evening. The authorship of this letter was 
also valid . . 

In addition ' 0 these letters, a news article by Associate City Editor John Taylor was 
singled out as 'lbjectionable. It stated that specal preparation for the MCAT was being 
oHerred at Ttlird College because underprivileged minority students traditionally 
scored lowerc n these tests than one would expect from their grades. This was proper 
reporting of lact. 

With but a !ingle exception the publication of these letters and articles was entirely 
proper, and t,1i exception was a r~:dti" .. cl'{ minor -technical violation. Indeed, to 
suppress publlcftion of these pieces for fear of the reaction would have been in gross 
violation of ollr ~uty to act as an open forum for campus opinions . Those who attack 
us have either failed ~o recognize this or do not understand that " Letters to the Editor" 
do not repres·~nt the official opinions of the TRITON TIMES. We cannot emphasize 
strongly enough our belief in the need for a free forum for all student opinion (ex-
cepting of c(.urse malicious misstatement of fact) . During our terms as editorial 
director, we tried to create such a forum on the editorial and opinion pages of the 
TRITON TIMES. The current hysterical attacks on the TRITON TIMES show that we 
succeeded all too well. 

It should be noted that, in 110 with our policy of open expression, we have been 
very careful to print all th rebuttal~ and clarifications WI' received regarding articles 
,Ippt"aring in thf' TRITON I IMI S 

We theretore feel 1I1dl .,,,,,, U,d'uLlt!IILullun ul lli· IRIION TlM[S as 

8 Triton Times, April 1Q 1q74 

"cumulatively insensitive and-or insulting to the aspirations and concerns of persons 
of color on the campus generally" .could not have been based on a first hand 
acquaintance with the facts . You apparentiy placed too much credence in the un-
substantiated rhetoric of the Communications Soard . The Com Board itself was not 
greatly interested in documented facts, but instead reacted impulsively to the 
harangues of certain students who apparently have little appreciation for or un-
derstanding of the tenets of free speech . In addition, the meeting of the Com Board 
which condemned the TRITON TIMES was a procedural sham, as Mr. Buchbinder has 
already documented for you. Despite our pivotal role in many of the editorial 
decisions of the TRITON TIMES, neither of us was either requested or allowed to 
attend this meeting. We strongly urge you to investigate the role of Mark Bookman, 
whom we believe far exceeded his role as a legal advisor for ,tudents in railroading 
the proceedings of the Com Board . 

It is also charged that the TRITON TIMES has not been representative of 
all elements of the UCSD community . The TRITON TIMES has consistently 
represented the diverse elements of our campus better than has any other journal or 
group of journals. The articles on Third College which the TRITON TIMES has 
published have been reasonably numerous and have followed journalistic canons of 
truth and objectivity in repOrting. 

Yet it must be admitted that in terms of the composition of its staff, the TRITON 
TIMES is heavily weighted towards ·Revelle and Muir. This is not due to racist 
prejudice on our part, but rather to the Simple fact that, with a few exceptions, Third 
College students have not volunteered to be reporters or run for editorial positions . 
When we ask Third College students why this is so, we often get the reply that the 
TRITON TIMES is a "white middle class" or "honky" paper. This is a self-perpetuating 
myth . In an effort to break this vicious cycle and insure that Third College has 
significant representation to its editorial staff, the TRITON TIMES has r.estructured its 
News Department so that each college will have its own Associate City Editor. We 
hope that this will be a first step in making the paper seem more hospitable to Third 
College students. This action was undertaken voluntarily by the TRITON TIMES 
before Mr. Buchbinder was fired. His dismissal has done nothing and will do nothing 
to improve the quality of the TRITON TIMES. 

Neither of us had any,hing to do with the April Fools i~sue , but it is important that 
we discuss it here. It should be remembered that a farcical April Fools issue is a 
tradition of campus journalism . Some of the satire which appeared in the April 2 issue 
was rather poor in that it did not have an obvious point; it would be better to label it 
as farce rather than satire. But members of the university community who are con-
vinced that the TRITON TIMES is out to " get" Third College interpreted the articles as 
direct slander. Such reactions should have been foreseen. 

But whatever reservations might remain regarding the content of that page, it 
cannot be denied that the firing of editor-in-chief Buchbinder (who has served the 
paper continuously for almost four years) was excessively cruel and uncalled for . 
Therefore the Com Board attempted to justify such a strong action by citing "con-
sistent insensitivity" of the paper; a charge which we have shown to be totally 
without foundation. We believe the Com Soard was not really concerned with facts, 
but instead felt pressed to offer a Slcrificiallamb to individuals on this campus who 
wish to suppress any opinions with which they do not agree. We are deeply sorry, that 
you chose to go along with such shabby tactics. and feel that you did so only because 
you were unaware of the whole truth. 

We therefore strongly advise you to rescind the dismissal of editor-in-chief Buch- · 
binder, and to turn your attention instead to the Communications Board . We see your 
action as a direct attack on the risht of free speech of the UCSD student community 
and of its student media . If you fail to reinstate Mr. Buchbinder you are placing 
political expediency above the rights of students, and rendering a severe blow to the 
open expression and exchange of opinions on this campus. 

We would welcome the opportunity to discuss this with you personally. 
We can be contacted through the TRITON TIMES office, ext. 101&, 1017. 

Sincerely, 
Mark McCarty and Mark Sieael 

r ormt'r Editorial Directors 

l.#~1 I ~J!I~ t tk r"'i<Jlo '. y 
,'tf-~/;' :(1I.c. tt." "r l~"'.' 

or. ~i c.hlnll 
t"'YJ 11,e( d,i3 Wqll 

Annual Folk Music Festival 
On Saturday, April 20, 

starting at 10:00 A.M ., The 
Campus Program Board will 
be presenting its Third 
Annual Afternoon of Folk 
Music on the Grassy Knoll , 
just south of the 
Humanities Library on the 
Revelle Campus, U.C.S.D. 

Featured performers will 
include: 

Merle Travis - Possibly 
one of the most important 
innovators of cou ntry guitar 
playing around today. His 
sty le has tremendously 
influenced many pickers, 
including Doc Watson (who 
named his son after Travis) . 
Aside from being a totally 
amazing guitarist, Travis is 
also an accomp lished singer 
and songwriter. His songs, 
such as "Sixteen tons" have 
become part of the stan-
dard repitoire of most 
country singers. Travis has 
produced numerous LP's 
and also is heard on the 
monumental triple-album 
"Will the Circle be Un-
broken" 

The Old Hat Band - A 
traditional stv le string band 
from Seattle, Washington . 
Their music is heaVily 
influenced by the string 
bands of the South during 
the 20's and 30's. The group 
consists of John Burke on 
fiddle, Ellen Thorn on 
banjo, and Jeff Thorn on 
guitar. This will be the 
band 's second appearance 
<It UCSD. 

Harmonica Frank Floyd --
One of the last of the old 
time medicine show per-
formers. Traveling with -the 
legendary Jimmy Rodgers, 
during the depression, 

Floyd was one of the most 
active musicians on the 
southern medicine show 
ci rcu its . He sings hi s own 
style of the blues, plays 
guitar. and as the name 
implies, he is quite an 
accomplished harmonica 
player. 

Sam Hinton - UCSD's 
resident folk singer. In 
addition to his other 
numerous activities i n-
cluding administrative 
work, lecturing, writing, 
and cartooning for the S.D. 
Union. Sam occasionally 
finds some time to play 
music. He is an interesting 
story teller as well as an 
excellent exponent of 
traditional folk songs and 
ballads . Sam plays guitar, 
tin whistle, banjo, har-
monica, and a mean train 
whistle . 

Ray Bieri - A country 
singer originally from San 
Diego, now living in San 
Francisco. Ray sings his 
own in terpretations of the 
ong of Jimmy Rodgers, 

Hank Williams, Paul Seibel, 
and the I.W.W. He was one 
of the featured performers 
at our first annua I "Af-
ternoon" . 

The New Honkytonk 
Band - North County's most 
famous bluegrass group and 
winners of last vear's UCSD 
talent contest. The group 
features Ron Jackson on 
banjo, Molly Stone-lead 
singer and string bass, and 
Larry Ackerson on Guitar. 
Although primarily a 
bluegrass group, the band 
doesn't hesi tate to play in 

GOOD-TIME PRESENTS 

A SAl FUICISCO PAin 

ELVIN * COLD 
BISHOP BLOOD 

120-8'.-

other genres; ra1!time, 
coun try/western, and blues. 

The La Jolla Civic 
Country Dance Orchestra _ 
This group plays country 
dance music from Npw 
England. Ireland. and the 
Southern Appalachians . 
They originally got together 
two years ago at UCSD, 
when the weekly American 
folk dances were started . 
(They are still going on-
every Wednesday night at 
8 :30 in the conference 
room of the new gym.) The 
group consists of : John 
Tuohy on pennywhistle, 
banjo and guitar; Bruce 
Culbertson on fiddle; Brian 
Steeger on fiddle and 
banjo; Mike Schway on 
Mandolin and guitar; 
Dianne Simpson on ac-
cordion; and Ian Law on 
pennywhistle and banjo. 

This event should well be 
worth experiencing. Bring a 
lunch, a friend, and a 
blanket and prepare to hear 
some good music . Ad-
mission. of course, is FREE!! 
In case it rains, we will be 

on_ the gym floor . 

SegregBtinn 
continued from page 11 

audience when the first 
btack student graduated 
from Revelle College in 
1970. They asked her to 
speak at commencement, 
and instead of humbly 
thanking her benefactors 
she was angry. She wanted 
to know why it was 1970 
before a black person cou ld 
graduate from this 
university. I' ll never forget 
the hurt in the eyes of the 
white liberals in the 
audience." 

Concerts: Jim Shipman 

Ivtusic and Dances of Spain 
A touch of the Old World settled into 

UCSD's gym last Saturday night as the 
Triton Times presented The Music and 
Dances of Spain Jose Luis Esparza and his 
dance company have everyone a terrific 
show, performing a variety of dances from 
the rich cultural heritage of Spain and 
Mexico. 

Spanish dancing is a very emotional art 
form . What makes it exciting is the way In 
which the dancers use their bodies to 
convey this emotion. Everyone knows that 
Flamenco danCing involves the heels in 
staccato bursts of energy - but it is much 
more than that. The Flamenco dancer tries 
to observe dynamic levels with his heels; 
he tries to alter his rhythms smoothly; he 
tries to create a unique blend of sound 
with his heels, his castanets, and with the 
Flamenco guitar. All of this was 
demonstrated brilliantly by Jose Esparza, 
who is one flashy character if ever I saIN 
one. 

Indeed. the flashiness is an in-
dispensable part of the dance. To be 
successfu I, Spanish dancers must make 
maximum use of their facial expressions. 
They are actors, and their emotion must be 
forCibly presented . A few of the younger 
members of the company had very little 
stage presence. but rather than detracting 
from the evening's performance, this only 
accentuated the difference between good 
and great dancing. 

The great dancing, in this ca e, was 
done by Esparza, Juana de Alva, Maria 
Theresa Gomez, and guest dancers Ester 
Moreno and Lisa Ventrice . All of them 
managed to put together " an exciting 
mixture of sight and sound" by combining 
skill, technique, style, mUSIC, and lavish 
costumes to give the audience and 
emotional experience. 

Speaking of costumes - they were 
pectacular. Black velvet was mixed with 

colors like sky blue, leafy green, or just 
plain brilliant orange; rich burgundy w~s 
combined with yards of white lace; purple 
and pink was popular, as were the in-
numberable flowered prints and peasant 

outfits Before this turns Into a wedding 
review, let me lust say that all thl ~ co lor 
had a stunning effect . I found myself 
thinking what a gay place Spain must have 
been in its heyday 

Anyway, the show was carefully (on-
structed to introduce the nuance, of 
Spanish danCing to the audience. building 
slowly to the controlled frenzy of the 
Flamenco section . There were se"eral 
traditional dances from the peasantry; an 
excerpt from the· 16th century Spanish 
Classical School, complete with fan work ; 
an elegant piece from the Madrid of the 
1700's; and some sultry solos by Ester 
Moreno and Lisa Ventnce, who couldn 't 
have been more than 15 years old She 
almost stole the show, playing the role of 
the coy Spanish maiden to perfection 

The climax of the evening was the 
Flamenco section-not "Flamingo", but 
maybe "Flaming Ego"?-in which all the 
members of the company get together to 
show off their individual dancing skills 
Hand-clapping, thigh-slapping, shouting 
and an assortment of other sounds added 
excitement to the splendor. The audience 
got involved to such an extent that a few 
people even dug out their castanets to 
accompany the dancers 

Throughout the evening, the Flamenco 
guitarist displayed an amazing technICal 
skill . Paco SeVilla's contribution to the 
show was immeasurable. He had the tough 
job of maintaining the rhythm for the 
dancers and working out difficult con-
trapuntal melodies at the same time. He 
kept everyone entertained between the 
dances with some del ightful segues.H IS 
artistry sustained the tempo of the 
evening, and an appreciative audience 
gave him a resounding cheer during the 
curtain call. 

I felt exceptionally good after the show -
almost breaking my tnkle dOing the 
"Flaming-Ego" down the steps outside the 
gym . Programs like this bring the world's 
cultures within easy reach of our own I 
hope we can see some Greek, RUSSian , 
Jewish or other folk dancing programs In 
the future 

~ Aart-Vark ~ 
Concerts: 
A I ittle of the San 

Francisco sound wafts its 
way into San Diego as the 
Sons of Champlin come to J 
J's tonight for two shows at 
8 and 11 p.m. 

Theatre 
"Who's afraid of Virginia 

Wool!? " . Edward Albee' s 
widely-discussed dramatic 
success about a couple 
whose marriage is an en-
dless duel, will open this 
Friday, April 19 at the San 
Dieguito Little Theatre on 
the Del Mar Fairgrounds . It 
wi II play Fri. and Sat. 
even ings thru May 4 

Curtain time is 6:30 and 
reservations can be made 
by calling 755-9005 . 

Bimbo's Cosmic Circus 
opens at the ott-broadway 
May 1 and is currently 
undergoing low-priced 
previews at 10:30 p.m .. A 
contemporary rock musical , 
Bimbo uses the tinsel and 
excitement of the circus 
setting to propel it action . 
Ticket info call 235-6535. 

Film : 
Hollywood Musicals 

Unlimited pre ent a 
panarama of the rarest 
scene In Hollywood 
musical history. includ ing 

numbers from movies that 
have long ago disappeared, 
Sunday April 21 at the 
Unicorn Cinema at 1 p.m 
AI Jolson, Sophie Tucker, 
Deanna Durbin . Betty 
Grable, Fanny Brice, Alice 
Faye, Frank Sinatra, the 
Marx Brothers, Bob Hope 
and cores of others are 
included In thiS 
retros pect I ve . 

Sunseed, the Dawning of 
a ew Consciou ness will 
be shown at the Unicorn 
Cinema Wednesday April 
24th at 7 and 9· 30 p.m , 
pon ored by Artca Institute 

Inc continued on pailI' 11 

U.C .S.D. CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD PRESENTS 

The Guitar 
A Series of Three Outstanding Performers 

Sun. April 28· George Viek Classical I Flamenco 
Sun. May 5- Morris Mizrahi lutenist 

Sun. May 12- Joe Pass Trio Jazz Guitar 
THI INTIMATf SPECIAl. "GUUT STAll 

El CIITEl DAnHKKJ All performances at 8:30pm Rewelle CoHep Cafeteria 
Ticket. Available UCSD Box Office 

- New Student Center and at Door. 
For Information, Call 453-2000 
Ext. 1391 . 

Triton Times, April 19, 1974 



~ Tiddlywinks 1. 
III UNTITLED II 

by Marie Lilla 

Spikers Challenge San 
Bernardino JC Tonight 

UCSD boasts of the 
nations most diversified 
athletic proaram in the 
country . Many of these 
claims are true. How many 
other colleges have such a 
large number of in-
tercollegiate sports? How 
many other colleges point 
to their program and state 
they have the sa~ amount 
of people in their program? 
How many other schools 
have as large a number of 
women's sports (rugby. 
water polo. basketball. 
volleyball , surfing) and do 
so well in them? The answer 
to all three of those 
questions is not a whole lot. 

Of course the athletic 
program is much like this 
great nation of ours. They 
are both the finest on earth 
yet they can also improve in 
many respects. Word keeps 
coming to the UT staff 
asking us why the school 
doesn't have this sport or 
that sport. Chet complained 
the other day that he was 
mugged by two rather large 
females proclaiming a need 
for a women's wrestling 
team . (Chet suggested that 
they join the men 's team 
since they annually seek 
more bodies than they get .) 
I have to hurry up and finish 
this article since the staff is 
going to deliver flowers to 
Chet at the hospital before 
the visiting hours are over . 

Tonight the infamous 
Men ' s Intercollegiate 
Volleyball Team will play 
their last home game. and 
possible their last match, of 
the season at 7 p.m. in the 
main gym against unknown 
San Bernardino Valley Je. 

In a match last Friday 
against UC Riverside. the 
Tritons easily disposed of 
this team who had over· 
powered Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. a team 
UCSD had trouble with 
earlier this season. 15·5. 15-
9, 15-12. 

Al though the score s 
especially in the last tw~ 
games were reasonably 
close. the games were 
dom inated by the Tritons in 
spiking. paSSing. and 
es pe ci.ally blocking. 
somethll1g the volleyball 
team has had trouble with 
all vear . 

Creat blocking was done 
by all four front line 
starters . especially Steve 
Simpson. Tim Myrick and 
Bruce Cazden. Even the 
Baldwin Brothers got their 
hands into the cake as they 
each picked up some solo 
°roof5 ." 

I n the last game. Coach 
Jeff C orrell somehow 
managed to get away with 
some unusual substitutions. 
which got so out of hand 
that spiker Eric Raisters was 
substl tuted for setter Steve 
BaldWin and had to play all 

Announcements 
Graduates and Un-

dergraduates i 1terested in 
forming an inter : ollegiate 
Handball Team and 
possibly partici'Jating in the 
All -Cal Hane ball Tour · 
nament. May 3 and 4. 
contact John Cates. ext. 
2275. as soon a possible . 

. . 

Remember t,e MemOrial 
Day Weekl·nd " Cay 
Nineties" :elebration. 
happening 01 Saturday. 
May 25. on the Rugby Field . 
An old-fashioned Bathing 
beauty contest. a full "Cay 
Ninetie s" dress c roque t 
gam and carnival will 
h ighli gh t thi s unique 
celebration Slay tun d fo r 
mo r Information next 
we l!k 

Page 10 Triton Times, 

the way around when UCSD 
ran out of substitutions. 
This mistake caused the 
Tritons to abandon their &-<l 
offense for several 
rotations , until Larry 
Baldwin. the team's other 
setter. reached his position 
and the 6-0 offense became 
functional again . 

. Your last chance to see 
the volleyball team in 
action comes tonight at 7 
p.m. in the Main gym as 
the Tritons take on a sc;;;ol 
of unknown strength. San 
Bernadino Valley Je. Your 
support will be greatly 
appreciated by all . 
especially the Baldwins. 

Moss Squad Takes 
State Umpiring Duties 

The motto of Bob Moss' 
Psychology of Officiating 
c lass is to "catch all the 
elephants and fret not the 
ants ." Moss didn' t let the 
last elephant get away as he 
and his class have taken 
over the umpiring duties for 
all the San Diego State 
baseball home games. 

Moss took a roundabout 
way in getting the job. His 
class originally umped all 
the Aztec preseason games, 
but the State coach decided 
to go with the local of-
ficating association for the 
league games as he felt the 
class needed a little more 
umpiring experience. 

The class has gotten that 
experienct" by umlliring all 
the UCSD home games and 
doing an excellent job at it. 

A couple of weeks ago 
the Aztec coach contacted 
Moss to see if his crew 
would like to handle the 
umping chores for the 
State·San Diego Padre 
benefit game. Naturally 
Moss jumped at the chance 
to ref a ma jor league team 
in action . So. Moss, Joe 
Co it. Pete Miesen. and Creg 
Kroh n picked up their gear 
and headed off for Aztec 
Stadium . 

SPORTS & FOREIGN 
CAR SERVICE 

and 
AUTO UPHOLSTERY 

for All Cars 

CONSIDERATION 
TO STUDFNTS 

7611\ fAY AVfNUI 
IN THE REAR 

1 A JO lLA. (' Allf 
4'i4- 1920 

April 19. 1974 

Meanwhile the local 
Baseball Official 's 
Association didn't take too 
well the idea of not being 
asked to ump the game. so 
they threatened to boycott 
the rest of the Aztec home 
games. Moss' crew was 
asked to come to the next 
game just in case. and sure 
e nough the association 
officials failed to show up 
and the Moss squad moved 
into the breach. 

The game was against 
Santa Barbara and ac-
cording to Moss " if the 
Santa Barbara bats were as 
loud as their mouths, they 
would be the best team in 
the country." Ignoring the 
verbal abuse that they 
received the group did a 
fine job and as a result have 
been signed on to umpire 
the remaining eleven games 
on the State schedule . 

The officiating class is 
not only concerned with 
baseball . They have 
prov ided many an in-
tramural ref in basketball 
and football. One member 
of the class. Jim Uebbing is 

continued on page 11 

The Untitled Staff cannot 
take responsibility for the 
lack of one team or another 
on this campus. The people 
to see are located in the big 

1M News 
1M Softball is now in full 

gear with 60 men's teams 
and 78 coed teams . Due to 
this large turnout. many 
weekend games will be 
played on the new field 
located west of the track on 
Mathews Campus . Teams 
should be sure to check 
their schedules to deter-
mine the correct field . 

The large number of 
teams has caused a shor-
tage of gloves. Participants 
are asked to return 
borrowed gloves to the 
equipment cage promptly 
after each game and/ or 
practice. This is the only 
way that everyone will be 
able to get a glove. 

Those interested in the 
AII-Cal Tournament. please 
contact Lee, ext. 2285. by 
Friday. April 19. 

WITH HOLLY WOODUWN 
USB 2722 7:30 110:00 PM $1.00 
RATED X - NO ONE UNDER 18 
ADMITTED WITHOUT UCSD 1.0. 

building with th e old 
wooden floor next to the 
pool. We might however. 
just mention a couple of 
sports which might be nice 
to have around town . 
(Assuming they don't scare 
all the likely opponents 
away a la the wo~n's 
rugby team). 

Every good school should 
have archery. The weather 
in La Jolla is very conducive 
and they certainly can't 
claim lack of room for an 
archery range . Besides 
being an outdoor sport it is 
good exercise and useful 
too. Why if one gets good 
enough at the bow and 
arrow, you' lI never have .to 
worry about walking down 
a dark alley. It's good for 
survival training also to 
help cope with living in the 
wilderness . 

Another traditional sport 
is tiddlywink~. There was 
rash of student support two 
years ago for a tiddlywink 
team immediately after the 
billiard team was formed 
but nothing ever came of it. 
Tiddlywinks has to rank 
right up there with bridge 

and chess as one of the 
most challenging indoor 
games around. With all the 
talented thumbs around 
here it is a shame that 
they don't put themselves 
good use. 

We mentioned a couple 
of other promising big ones 
above. UCSD boasts of a 
number of fine indoor 
sports-basketbj1l1. swim-
ming. karate-just to 
mention a few. and this 
tradition should be con-
tinued . Some of the finest 
indoor wizards attend this 
educational utopia and a 
few must be able to make 
up a team in bridge or 
chess. Of course you can't 
forget the perrenial favorite 
originated by the Egyptians-
-checkers. 

Once you get started you 
can keep going forever . 
What's wrong with having a 
folk dancing. fishing. 
mountain climbing or even 
a ice hockey team? If you'd 
like to see your favorite 
sport plugged~rop a letter 
on the TT sports desk 
addressed to the Untitled 
Staff. We'lI help you out. 

. Trike Race Coming 
This is just a reminder that the First Annual UCSD 

Trike Race will be held Saturday. April 27. starting at 2 
p.m. on the Muir Quad. 

An obstacle type course will be laid out and Cabriel 
Wisdom.KCB disc jockey. will be present to emcee the 
event and present the prizes to the win ners. 

First prize will be two concert tickets (The group will 
be announced at the races) and a BIC trophy. 

Applications can be obtained from and turned in to. 
along with the 50 cents entry fee. Eric Raisters at the 
Triton Times office; Harry Blume at the Intramural PE 
office; Alan Kremen. Race Chairman. Tioga Hall . Fifth 
Floor. G·33. or the Mui r Resident Dean's office. 

The application fee must be paid when turning in the 
application . The deadline for e ntry forms is Wednesday. 
April 24. 

Cet your application in NOW and go out and have 
so~ fun come Race Day! 

DAY 
Fri 

let 

lun 

T ... 
FrI 

Sports This Week 
SPORT OPPONENT LOCATION TIME 
0011 ualu W ................... 1 p.m. 
VoIIeyIIeII "n a_nllno Je Meln Oym 7 p.m. W_·. ,,-"""' "001 4 p.m. W ... "010 
c- loaU M'-IcMI .. , I .. m . 
....... C.I ..... 12I DleftICMMI 

-a.-- Uac.. TemttIe City len O-.,utto HI 
-

V 1 __ 
EecorMlldo T~ I ... m. 

JV 1_ IntemdONl T_k 11 a.m. 
Mon'. Ten"" soiu Muir Cta. 4 p.m. 
0011 "oint L_ To.r.v "I ... CC 1 p.m. 

PHOTO 
EQUIPMENT 
IN LA JOLLA 

(GU)R PROCESSING BY EUTMAN IlODAK 
SALES· R'P~IR&. TRADES 

DISCOUNT "'as 
~CjALlS1S IN tllNON ~UOTO""A"NJC UirAM. 

ONII 0' Til A "'-'1 U4ACT'ON M """" _ 
nu,'M.,..,., ANA I.-Uft - 'alt'fU.- _ __ l1li-.. 

I 458·' •• 5 I 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
.,11.., '''Y ""1. \F, .. flltkl"l ... ,... ... ) LAo JOI.L" 

Hum URips 
continued from pale 4 

a comp~rtmenta lized continued from !NIle 10 
manner. They will defend it Basketball Officials 
only when it supports their Association . Another. John 
views . One of the purposes Grill has qualified as a 
of a un iversity is to serve as USVBA (Volleyball) official . 
a place where different This summer the class 
viewS can be taught. will be involved in umpiring 
printed. and discussed many a little league games . 
without fear of reprisal. This Two members of the class. 
is the essence of academic Bill Schiarer and Michele 
freedom . Unfortunately, James are cqordinatina the 
UCSD seems to have gone umpiring staffs for the Del 
against this duty and has Mar little League and the 
become not much different La Jolla Pony League 
from the outside world. In a respectively. 
roundabout way, it has Other members of the 
become "relevant" to the class will be working in the 
problems students may Pepsi High School Summer 
later face after they League. The San Diego 
graduate . Recreation Depart~ent 

It is disappointing to hear Summer League beSIdes 
that Chancellor McElroy handling the umpiring 
has partially buckled under . chores f~r the La Mesa 
the pressure from the collegiate team. 
Communications Board and 
people from Third College 
and has dismissed Editor 
Buchbinder . It is even 
irritating to read that the 
Communications Board has 
violated its own procedures 
and has denied him due 
process in its mostly secret 
proceedings . 

Dave Buchbinder is a 
witty. sophisticated. 
talented. and creative 
write r and editor . I have 
enjoyed reading many of 
his writings. such as the 
Simian Spheriod articles. 
Now he is faced with the 
unpleasant c hoice of 
fighting his dismissal in the 
courts or accepting the 
ou ter which will un -
doubtedly be put on his 
record and may affect his 
future employment op-
portunities . All of this 
because he made the 
"mistake in judgement" of 
not anticipating the im-
mature reaction of certai n 
individuals and groups . To 
those who have no sense of 
hu mor and cannot take a 
joke. I must say that I would 
dIs like having to have to 
live in their world . 

Marcus Woersching 
Senior. San Diego 

State University 

I dlupp.o". 01 what you "Y. but I 
will defond to tho dMth you. rlllht 
to I.y It. 

Voltal •• 

A NAnONAL BESTSRLER AT $12.95 

Now only $4.95 
Throulh the economies of 

paperback publishin .. The Joy 
of Sex Is now available In the 

samela,.e fOmllt u the $12.95 
htrdbound edition, complete 

and unabrldpd, with all the 
orillnal illustrations 

- at only $4.951 
SIMON AND 

SCHUSTER 
FIRESIDE 

MPEIlMCK 

New Segregation at UCSD Buckled 
cnnlinUl'd fmm polite "' 

ll .. ar a, Iht· hlllll on 1'. 1'011 \ 
tape~ Th,' ICl l t (hclt 111' l oo ~ 
action (It ClII , ho\\." \ .' r\ 
poor ludgem .. nl 1 hp I 1 I' 
now opt'ratll1g under thl' 
motto (dictated by th., 
Chancellor) Tn' ad ,oltl y· or 
else l May Wl' now (')lpt>( t 
admlnlstrat Ive (ensor~hlp 
of each issue l or will wt' 
lind Little Orphan Annie 
and Mary Worth on the 
editorial page? Or better 
yet, send a II editors to the 
San Diego Union for lessons 
in mediocrity and 
boorishness . 

continued from pate 2 
Justus. it is "that more 
blacks get better education . 
I really don't care if they 
segregate themselves in 
dorms or cafeterias or 
whatever unless that 
segregation keeps them 
from getting the best that 
UCSD has to offer . If the 
fact that you want to 
associate only with blacks 
keeps you from taking a 
math class you have to 
take. or keeps you from 
going to talk to Professor X 
who is Asian, then I wO(ry. 

"1 would say what I want 
fO( every black in the U.S. is 
a good education that 
retains some level of social 
consciousness. So I would 
awee with those who say if 
we train black doctors who 
only want to make 
thousands of dollars. then 
the community hasn' t 
benefitted. I'd like to see 
more blacks trained in 
fields they've been ex-
cluded from so they can 
enter the gamut of oc-
cupations in the United 
States." 

"The black student's job 
is to graduate so he can eat 
regularly thereafter . 
Anything including 
segregation - that makes 
that job easier is okay with 
me." says Mr. Byrd. 

"Most blacks want to get 
in here. get an ' education. 
and get a job." Curtis 
Jenkins says. "We' re here to 
join the middle class . To 
have power you've gotta 
own something. especially 
in this society. What we 
mean by black power is 
black-owned business~s 
and blacks with money. It 
all comes down to 
economics." 

Not surprisingly. 
dissatisfaction among black 
faculty and staff members 

at UCSO i also directed at here~ " Ask- (hdrlp ~ 
the " affirmative action" Thomas. I 
program for minority hiring. Dr . Thomas JI 0 would 
While Mr. Byrd decries the like to see more coursE'S 
" lack of any black input at dealing with the black 
real decision-making levels" experience in the UCSD 
at UCSD. Dr. Justus says her curri culum. "White folk are 
" real beef" is the lack of quite - if I may use the term 
black faculty members . - 'disadvantaged' when It 
"There aren' t enough of us comes to education 
here. and the ones there are because their education is 
are worked to death . There one·sided . Their view of the 
are only two black full world needs expansion . 
professors. neither of whom They need ethnic studies. 
is in an establ ished They need to understand. 
department, and four for example. that Janis 
associate professors. three Joplin was not queen of the 
in chemistry and one in blues . The queen of the 
drama. . blues was a black woman 

Almost the entire growth named Ma Rainey ." 
in black faculty has taken "The mistake the white 
place only in Third liberal made." Dr. Justus 
College." she says. "Black says. "was in bel ieving that 
students like anyone else . integration was a natural 
need role models, and the thing and once he brought 
models they choose for blacks to college no further 
themselves are blacks. effort would be necessary. 
successful blacks: teachers. He thought he would bring 
administrators . and us here and we'd be so 
scholars." happy just to be in coliege 

"If this University is that we'd love him . 
based on excellence. as is " I can still remember the 
the claim. then why aren't hurt and confusion in the 
all the excellent people continued on page 9 

triton times 
eMy E_ 

John H. Taylor 
M ....... E_ 

Michael Sesma C"""E_ 
James G. Soro 

lIIfiMt. Mol"., ... 
RII~ Hinron 

Edltoriol OlrKlor 
Phihp Protter 

Art. 1 •• 0f' 
Larry Deckel 

)portl ldit9' . • 
Enc Ralsters 

Sclfl'ct (dito, 
John Snodgrass 

rr.oIo, .. ph, Edilor . ' h Malcolm Sml[ 
SHit'.", 

Corrine Cacas 
AtIOciate Chy (diton 

Rick Dram 
Hannah Cohen 
David Cassady 

A .... ,..........._r 
Ed Simons 

TIM TanON llMIS n offkt.M, rKopI.rN lit .............. IfNIPI" by tile CDfl" 
............ 1M'" 01Il10 U.i-.Hy of C.IIfonoio. Sa. 0I0t0 . ........ 1$0. M.ttMw. 
C_ ... LA ..... . C .. _i. n017. , ........... I. twice _ ... 1, ... ,_, •• "" 
,rw.,.. OHke .... 0c, ............ 117 . ..... ""II, ....... C •• ,.. ,or .......... 
........ 4S3..,.22 . Of 453._ . X 1.17; to. 04ft.n.r .. __ ..... 1016. 

Ho~ many Third World 
students write for the TTl 
How many have asked tol 
How many have asked and 
been refused? If we have 
learned anything from the 
movements of the OO's . It'S 
that if you don't like the 
way someth ing is being 
done. you do it yourself. 
thereby changing it. The TT 
does not need anymore 
white Revelle or Muir 
students. it needs Black. 
Chicano. etc. to write and 
contribute . How c an 
anyone expect a white 
editor and a white staff to 
know what will be offensive 
to the non-white members 
of the community? 

The TT is far from being 
an outstanding 
publication. but it does 
deserve the freedom to 
operate without tearing Big 
Brother a nd his magic 
eraser. I don't remember 
exactly who said it. but its 
famil iar enough· "I may not 
agree with what you say. 
but I defend your right to 
say it!" Randy Shulkin 

' ~" U77534775 ' 

"COMMUNrTY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

Aart-Vark I M PROVE your ABILITIES thru 
HYPNOSIS 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5:30 
Closed Sun. continued from page 9 

Rolling Stone ca lled 
TRASH the "bes t movie of 
the year" (1971). There are 
some who think of Andy 
Warhol 's art. this movie. 
and Rolling Stone as trash, 
but this view of the urban. 
deca - mondo - bizarre 
drug/street scene is star· 
tlingly close to the street 
itself . And of course. the 
trash . 

friends and will be shown in 

USB 2722 at 7:30 & 10:00. ~D~I;C;K;RA;K;0;w~;;;a;' .... ;;;!::.23:3:-548.1==:=; along with a bonus short. 
FI NE FOR CAMPING . 

Directed by Paul 
Morrissey. this film stars 
Holly Woodlawn and "her" 

Music: 
The world·renowned 

harpsichordist. Igor Kipnis 
will be appearing in concert 
on April 23. 1974 at Casa del 
Prado Thf!ater in Balboa 
Park . His program. which 
begins at 8:00 p.m. is part of 
a current West·coast tour 
and fully illustrates the 
enormous scope and variety 
of the harpsichord 
repetoire . 

M • • • _ ............ . . " .. __ 

" ....... _ ... __ .. _.LA. ..... II ........... . 
lIII ............ . . . ........ __ ~ 
--_ .. .. 

-.. ~ 
-"_._-'-
"-"--

.. . If. 
....... -

--" ...... 
........ -
....... -

~ ..... 
......... 

....... -... 
_M 
.. ...... -

Dan w:.b ... 
.... ._ ..... 

... ..... 

...... 

......... 

.... --..... 23&-8635 
---...... ----

... .-: ..... en.""" 
..... _"_ ........... ' ....... 

EU"OPl: 4.-'t1700 •• ,. J_ 17 TlA «nt.00 Loo Anll .... / p.ri • 
OC-I ,,_ ,. lAS OC .. «nt.OO COlt ........ n/loo A .... 
.aIOG .. .,. June a n" «nt.OO loo A ....... / M.drid 
OC-I .... t. 11 TlA oc.,. P.rle/ loe Anllol_ 
.-00 r7 .,. J .. ne a lAS loe " ....... /C_ ..... 
DC.. ~GlTI"DC-I «nt.OO "orltlLoa A ....... 
.7MOG • ...,. Ju .... a. TlA " .00 loe .......... / 1' ... 
DC-' A_ UTIA DC-I P.rItIloe An ..... 

..,1DCI It...,. A_ 1J nA""'. L •• An ..... " .... "'" 
DC-. Sept. .TlADC-I ".rlt/Loa Ane'" 
",,"AN: . 
.1W1DG » .... Juna 2'1 KAL· .... 1IDl ... A....-.n ... ,. 
OC-I Ju .... II LA:·DC" t .... -..TMyofLoe A ....... 
lei W YO" " : on QA1CMI 
*0811700 __ ....... 11 "'O.IIIU ... A .... I.J .... V ... 
United DC-I 

ALaO : TIII""INO MAOAZINE, ITUOENT TRAVEl 
CATALOGUI. IUfIAIL "AU. INrL STUDENT 10 CMO. 
ITUDiNT TOU" •• I'M. G"EYHOUND. ITC. 
C...-ot .. ".... ."""'" ......... Weat. UelD In-
_tIonoI C_ ..... 
0tfIce H ... .., 10 to 12 a.m. MOfI. thou tri. ...... 2 to • Mon .. Wed 
and Fri. "val ...... onty to UCID etvdeMI. '"uIty . ..... . 
their '_111ft 

Triton "mel. April 19. 1974 



~--'4.nnouncements-----..-i---------"""· -~--"""'-"""'-' 
frida,' 

H.n .. l.nl Polyn .. l.n D.nc. 
C-...ny will ... pr_lI ... their 
y .. ,ly r.clt.1 "A NI.ht In 
Polyne.I." . Ev.rybody Invlt.d. 
FoMu ..... da_ from lam ... 
TIwNtI. Now Z .... ncL ............... 
.nd H.w.lI . .1 Adml •• lon. 
, .. , .. hm.nt Included. In-
tomotIOMI' Center. 7 pm F .... y 
14/11' 

n. FIahI ... Club ~ not ..... 
FrIcMy. AprtI 11 ot .. pm _ 
prwIouaIy ._ncocL I ...... It 
wII ~ on Wod~. AprIl at 
ot 1M pm In tho ........... 
C~_ Room. For further 
Info. contact Harry at Ext. 231. 
14/11' 

~ 

UCSD Art Gallery. Uw da.-
porform.noa and taoecI m..acol 
porfonna_ - Intarprot8tloM 
of t... "notott_" of Chenna 
D.vI. Horwitz. FrIcMy. April 1 •• t 1 
pm .nd laturdoy. April 211 .t 1 pm. 
,. Humen ..... UbNry lulldlng. 
Rev .... C.rnpua. 14/11' 

saturday 
CRYOGENICS - tho ecIenc. of 
froazlne dead da....d humen 
bel,... In hope of brlnel"" them 
back to Ilf. et eo ... e futuro time. 
will be tho topic on April 20. 2:30. 
.t t ... '1.16. HoapItaI. Tho guoat 
.peaker will be Mr. Loran FIt-
z ...... d. e leadlne .uthorlty In the 
field of Cryooanlca. Further Info-
call Alen . • ~. 141111 

pIacoa: ,. NotIoMI 16-. 
Chioono F ........ .: ,. Loean 
A_; Garnat It LoIllOlll; Gamet 
It I,..,. ... ; Gamet It ......... Blvd. 
Pick upa will be ___ .. 
A.M. It ... A.M. 141111 

All YOlUNTURS .t tho VA 
H ......... nd ........... atudanta. 
...... ott8ncI • u........ open 
foru... witt! ......... .... to 
IIacuaa ..... ........._ .nd 
futuf'O ollJIIIW. of tho......-. 
InoIucIod In the ........ will be 
L_ flu ............... on 
Cryo •• "" on AprIl. ot Z:JD at 
the V.A. H ......... tutdIor Info 
.......... ___ I4I1It 

Tho ThIrd C .... Dru. EcIuoIItiofI 
W ........ Guoat ..... ora: lob 
Hondoraon - DEFY. F,. .. Gen:Ia -
Door Po'" R .... to...... ContIiir. 
lilly M_ - H ...... CInk. 
nme: 10:00 A.M. to J:GO P.M. 
PI.c.: Int.rn.tlonal C.nt.r. 
laturdoy April 211. T'.II ... ..,.tIon 
will be pnMdocI from ...... 

monday 
Orvonlzlne MaMlne for L'Chalm -
Jewl.h Stud.nt P.p.r. 2nd 
edition. Monday Aprtl 21 - Ipm. 
N_ people InvItocI_ KIoofIoIcI. 
CIaI,. ... ont - 2JO-2111. 14/11' 

SEMINAR: LlIRARY RESEARCH 
TECHNIQUES FOR IN-
FORMAnON AND RESOURCEI 
ABOUT AND FOR WOMEN. 
Monday. 3t>m - 4:30pm. Cluator I 
(U!Ider1Ir.duat.' library. Moat at 
the Reference Desk. laminar to 
be conductacl by Suo O.II_y. 
UCSD librarian. 141111 

DR. MIRIAM LOOMiS. A 
RETIRED MD WIU LEAD AN 
INPOIIMAL DISCUSSION AaoUT 
HER EXPERIENCEI AS A 
WOMAN DOCTOR. MGnIMy.4INw. 
I ......... Lou .... Ion tho ...... 
c-.uaI.'he wei ........ tho 
choIIoneo of -bInIne • -
with • family and the ........ ne 
,. of _In mocIcIna. AII_ 
...ec:- 14/1tI 

ATTENTION ALL n .TAFF 
MlM.ERS MEmNG MONDAY 
MORNING .. SHARP. 

general 
IMAGEI IY WOMEN - DPOI-..t 
by tho UCSD women ContIiir April 
22 to May'. Houra: T.,.. - lot 4-1. 
In .... _ atudont center. 1411i, 

SUMMER ICHOOL ORGANIC 
CHEMIITRY: Stud.nte with 
qu .... _ about .... C ...... MDA • . MOB. 1GA MIIU-'" eummor 
eIIould contact Dr. lond. .aD 
Moyer HaIL n. cou,.. 10 open to 
etude.... of •• c...... recom-
mended ..,.,.., ...... ra: Rovel .. 
Ithrough 2t'li. Muer Ithrough BLI. 
ThIrd Ithrough 1jc,. Tho cou,.. 
rune f • .)m 1124 through 1/4. 14/23' 

P ... One peer contor Ie recrultlne 
_ memb.,. thle qu.nor for 
F.II1t74.nd tho remainder of thl. 
qu.rter. The Idea "'hlnd P ... One 
.. tho value of pear Influ_ .nd 
Inform.tlon eh.rlng. Contact 
Frann" In t ... Muir D.n·. Office 
for fur1har Information (X 1.1',. 
14/111 

"IVELLE .PRING 1174 
GRADUATES: You ... uat til out 
and ...... n tho Doeroo Appllaotlon 
Cord that you rocoIvod In your 
ltHlne packat to tho Revello 
Prowoot 0fII0e no ... then AfIII 
11th In .,., to ...... on tho 
...,....,,,. Graduation lot pootad 
au'" tho RowI .. Prw.t Of-
floe. 141 11' 

Tho 1fn.H .... D",o Now poocry 
..... ....-to David .,........ 
........ of Throada.nd n. Endo of 
tho Earth. who wi. rood from .. 
own POMrY on Wodn .... y. AprtI 
•• ot 4 p.m.. In the ....,.. F--a 
Lou ..... n. ...... which .. Me 
and open to the oubIIc. .. apon-
eorod by tha UCSD Co ........ 
P,..ra... B.,., and tho Depart-
IIIOrIt: of Utliiratura .nd Viauol 
Ana. 14/23' 

THIRD COLLEGE Spring .nd 
Aueuot 1174 Graduet80: You muat 
comP ..... nd ratum tho Doeroo 
AppIIcotton Card to tho ThIrd 
Col .... P,ovoat OffIce no later 
than Friday. AprIl • In order to 
appaor on tho 1m.M Oraduatlon 
Roetor. 14/23' 

AnENTION THIRD COLLEGE 
STUDENTSI Tho ThIrd Col .... 
Council I. now .cc.ptlng 
nomlnoti_ for t ... ThIrd C ...... 
Council atudant ~tall_ 
for .... 1174-71 .cacIomlc y.r. 
Nomlnotion forma .ra .v .... b .. In 
tho Third Col .... Provoat OffIce. 
They mYet be completed .nd 
raturnocl by Friday. Aprtl •• 1174. 

For further Infonnatton. oa-
cont.ct C.rol. Third Colleg. 
Provoat Offlca. 412 MC. x2101. 
14,..' 

SIX CUNIC - W" H II1II. 
....,... Cou ..... ,. Offtoa INod 
to tho Prowoot 0fII00I. bt. ID'I. 
Info end C ........ on ...... 
............. Judy J ......... M.D. 
and """ ..... Ph.D. lEn 

/Jury __ who _Intoroatod In 
rood .... dIaIr own p..ery- or tho 
p..ery of. favortto _n poot-
....... oontIiiDt ....... at tho 
WOMEW. CENTER or a- • 
-eo on tho door of tho 
ContIiir with yOll, nome .... phone 
number. n. rood"" Ia pan of on 
on-.oln. pro.,.... for April. 
W_·. Month. at UCSD. MI.' 

.tud0nt8 .nd t.culty who __ 
about .......",.,.. Froa ..... 
lien tho petition to _ tho 
dacIaIon to fire f_ T.T . .-.or 
In tho Hurnanltloa ~. 14/111 

UCSD Art Gal..,.. An .. hlbltton 
of drawl.... and aculptur. by 
C ... nna Davia H_Itz. Apr 1 - Apr 
at. 1. HL Iide. RoveI ... Houra 
dally 12-1 and .. 10 pm Wed eva .. 

WRmNO CLINIC - If YOU "'w 
difficulty gottlng your .... d_n 
on pa..., or you .amply w.nt to 
Improve your wrtttne .Id... the 
WrItI,.. Clinic can ..... you. n. 
Writing Clinic Ia"ot • ca... but • 
froo .rYlee. Writine advIca .. 
offared on • 0 ....... _ ...... on 
cou,.. popara. job .Pp"catl_. 
propo .. I •• Ichol.rly .nlcl •• -
w ... tever tha need. If _ can 
_lot you In .ny way. P ..... 
com. In to our _ location: Ildg. 
2D. Rm ... (Muir C.mpu. or 
call our _ .xtenslon: 1 .... 11m 

OIaou.aI.n on ~ Hu~ 
tin.. Movln. off cempu.? 
WondartI-. aMut.........- end 
oontraotIiil EnW Hinde tr.n tho 
Off Co ........ H ....... Offtoa. end 
..... a.-. tho 'tudent A .... ra 
UeaI AdvIaor. wII ... ..,....... to 
... with ........ _-.ct 
about m ....... fIft ......... T ..... 
_ InoIudo _ for .........,. 

huntln.. landlord - t.nant 
, ............... end ....... end .... 
... ___ n. die ••• I.n will 
... Wodn •• * ........... 4 p .•• 
In tho R ...... I ......... Lounge 
I4IZII 

WOMEN: THE INVIII.LE 
MAJORrrt: A ..... ..., on Ibnry 
_h ..,..... for ........ on 
w __ be off.....a Monday. 
Apr1122nd and Tuooday. AprIl Drd 
from J:GO to 4:11 pm. c- to the 
Clu.t., Und.r.,.du.t. Library 
Raf.r.nc. D .. k. C.II lue 
Galloway for mora dotIiiIla. x1l72. 
14IZI' 

Ju.1ca Lootura Iarioa ....-to 
Dr. Ita S....... of S.D. • .... 
..... Ine on Franz Kafka and Tho 
J.wl.h Myetlc.1 Tradition 
Thuraday. April 21 •• pm. 1 ... L 
141Z1' 

John Y •• cono.lI08 will be 
epaakl ... on Apr •• t J pm In the 
lounge of tho _ otudont Ctr. H. 
will b. apeak In. on HI.her 
Educetlon .nd Ita futtlr. In 
Calfomla. He _ author end 
chairman of the Maner Plan for 
hl.h.r .duc.tton In the UC 
ayatIiiIII. 141211 

~------------------d-~dvertisements for ourselves---..... 
wanted 

WANTED: SI .. y bar to fit CL3IO 
Honde 1174 Prefer with r.ck ... 
1135 (4/231 

W.nted: V.W. VANI Phone 4112-
_ or Contact: M. M.honey 8-63 
T_ye (4/23' 

W.nted - ,..eon.bly priced copy 
of Prlnclpl.. of Beh.vlor 
Modification by B.ndura 41124771 
14/23' 

TENNIS lnatructor would ewop 
tonnle .... on. worth .12 aach for 
aarvlcM of competent _ 
or m .... ur. Aleo would a_p for 
flamenco guitar or NiN"" .... ono. 
Coil Steve 411-1712. 1P4/211 

Girl. nead rid. to N. Y. bee. July. 
WIlling to help drlv. end lhara g .. 
crt Dlny 715-1103 1P41211 

WE NEED A RIDE TO THE 
PADRES - PHIUIES GAME ON 4-
21. PLEASE CALL SAL OR SUE 
4112-1176. (4 /231 

Nead ride to Rlver.lde 4/19 or 4/20. 
Will ahere ge. 462-1'12. (4/23' 

Nead m.le & f.mele queU. or 
f.nlle eggl. Late evenlnga Price? 
contect Ann . -1821t (4 /231 

WANTED: 3 lb. down al .. plng beg 
In good condition. Cell Rick et 462-
1747. (4 /231 

W.ntec;. u.ed B'Jec:h .. 1E Phy.lca 
book. buy or bo~row till June. Cell 
Gilbert 462-41.. 14/23' 

WANTED: TRA ~8MISSION FOR 
SUNBEAM IMP HARRY. 413-31. 
14/231 

Wented - Oood u .. d aIaov .. n VI 
under c.11 Lln~ 411-3110. 14/231 

WANTED Roor .... to .... ra two 
bedroom houe~ .bove bNCh In 
Del Mer. "'. JI5.61:. (4/Z11 

housing 
AVAILAILE TO RENT fully fum. 
La Jolla VII .... OPt. 2bd. - 2Itoth 
June 2O-httt 10. call ..... 
14IDI 

Wented : CHEAP .ummer hou.lng 
cl... to U.C.S.D. for .tudent 
coupl.. PI ... contact John et 
453-.17 14/1" 

We need e roomm.t. for e hou .. 
In Enclnl .. tIII/month & utll. no 
amok.ra 7I3-c.o 14/111 

Roomm.t. needed for fumiehad 
3bdr houe. In Cerdlff. Pool. 2 blk 
to oe .. n. Cd D.n x231I or 113-
1i211. 14/23' 

M ... wanted to .hera ",.e P.I . 
.pt, or 2 to aha,. .. ,.. bedroom 
for ... Rae. f.cll~ Included. 
m -IIMI4/231 

PLAYMOR LA JOLLA 3 lED RM. 
TOWNHOUSE 4I4-ft2I3 .218.00 
(4/23' 

F Rm-mat. to ahara .. ,.. room In 
3 bdr. houae P . I . ....00 
Economical. prlv. av.lI. m... 
(4/23' 

Nead room mete to ehara etudlo 
ept. In P.B. teO/month or 10 hre. 
wortl .vary aunday. call __ 2177 
.. k for weyne. INw m_ge. 
.... 1. or femele o.k. no .moke. no 
drug • . prefer aoclallat. 1P4/231 

Working couple with lerge La 
Joli. home/pool da.lre fem . 
atudent live In prl. room with bath. 
prl. .ntrance. kltch.n prlv. ex-
cheng. for light h.kp. c.1I .fter • 
PM 454-0711 . (P4/1" 

Fem .tu for bebyelt .t night In 
exch for rm In Ig. hou •• - 0.1 Mer. 
M.ry x1131- or 7!i6-211iO (4/231 

lost & found 
To the Individual who .bacondad 
.,.if'h two photography boob 
(Wooton. D.vi..,., , .... " Chmar I 
leet qu.rter: thara Ia edII time to 
,...... your c ... ~. Laovo 
thom dlaerMtiy In tho library. 
P ...... A fellow hu .... n 10 poylne 
for your slM. (PI4/11' 

FIVE DOLLAR REWARD - eIMr 
• nd tur .. oIM .nne loot fit. 
P ...... lynn .... I4IZ11 

LOST: Thom • • c.lculue In US. 
4010. If found. P ..... call Tyarin 
..... 14/111 

Oc.n '11_ 2 bedroom opt, Loot: 4110. In UII 2J22. • coPY of 
C.r'" by t ...... Cell .ny ttme C ...... na. C." Chria at .. ,., 
,... 14/11' 14/1" 

'. 
. 

loot- wetch In l722 Wed • . night. 
P .... c.1I C-"1. (evaa.1 141111 

LOST OR STOLEN - Thom ••• It. 
ed. c.lc. PLEASE RETURN. no 
quwtlona •• ked. Ru .. S. 222~ 
(4/23' 

LOST: An envelope containing 
five poreonal checlu. H.ppened 
4/11 .t 1:30 A.M. --.z. 14/23' 

LOST: White .... t..., _lit on .. ,.. 
Ravel .. or Muir. maybe 27Z2. 
R_erd. Leav. et n . (4ID' 

LOST: Ilklnl rolled up In yell_ 
t_1 .t Muir Sun. nita 14th 
P ..... em d...,.,... .-1m 
I4ID' 

Loot: White gold 'Oruen' Lody 
Watch whh broken wrlat bond. 
Loot at lookotora outIIda ...... 
R_.rd. Freddie ext. 1. 14/231 

I'OUND: AN INDIAN IRACELET 
LOST AT MUIR CAll x1774 14/23' 

FOUND: Whit. C.t whh col"r-on 
Muir Cempu • . c.1I x 1144 14/23' 

FOUND: Hletory of tha Civil W.r 
by Avery Crav.n. Contact J . 
Dundon 413-0483 14/23' 

for sale 
Canatt. Daek Munu MO at_. 
.uto-reve,.. mu.t HlI: .. Craig 
m-1717 (4/23' 

The Original HEAD Standard .kla. 
1., cm. Or .. t for powder. Only 
taO. C.II Judy ........ 14/2.1' 

For S." - O.E. St_ Exeal. Condo 
- .121_. t70 or offer . • ..- or 
Rm 1 ·31. (4123' 

• dod .. v.n. boat off.. Honda 
-'1 - ... caN m-2172 after • 
141Z1' 

TypI... d_. ... - .1.IIO/Pe. 
....... end OCIC_y .--..... 
ColI Chrie. m-1SN. I4I21t 

10 .... Schwinn Vorolty. Inc IN ...... 
toOl POUCh. EaoeIIont 00IMl PI. 
.... 117 oftIiir I I4IDI 

~ .......... ..,..ay.m 
dot ... oaatI . ...,..,.. ...... 
1""/111 

JocoINe • .., ..... violin. 
-.Ie In 1711 4 ..... Tal ZIJ.4JI7 
I4IZ11 

. 

for .... Harmony HoIl_ - lody 
Electric guitar • • xc. condo .. no 
emp. call ave . ....... Dick 14/23' 

Kraft 3 channel Irick Sgl etick 
cntri Freq 71.140 I.tt Incl .11. 
never uead Tom Kifer __ ,. ave 
(4/23' 

lOSE 101 Dlrect/R.fl.ctlng 
Speaker Syat ..... taO. Wrfto John 
Maxwell •• 110 Winthrop St.. SD. 
12117 14/231 

liKE: Men' •• apoad. Fino rond. 
" . Ken ...,2 14/23' 

lASS OUITAR AnMtrOntI Ic .. r-
body' Excollentlll M ... offer. ~ . 
1473 14/23' 

IACKPACKERSI Prtmua lutane 
Stove for ..... Fine condo -now .10 
MIl t7. Ken ..... 14/2J' 

1171 BMW MO/I with f.lrtne. _ 
tI,... Excellent cond. .1m 713-
., oftor 4 (4121' 

MVliT SEll MAnREISES like 
NEW. Sot for t30 only. Portab .. 
DISH-WASHER like now .. CALL 
2112-314 14/23' 

Cenon t .... hoto. FL1.mm. F2.1. 
wI hood & co .. Ilk. now. A.klng 
"10.00 or offer. Larry. ....121 
(4/23' 

RALEIOH SUPER COURSE. 
LOTSA EXTRAS. SUP. CONDo 
.130 4I3-a. AARON 14/23' 

1.1 VW bu.. naede wo"'. " . 
C .. I 1I5-M31. (4/23' 

For .... : 2 KLH la-ken 2 month. 
old. Ortg . .. each. n_ .... ch. 
412-83J1 14/23' 

For .... : • lulck Sky"'" 3 eod. 
_ ttree. ed. m ....... ". can 
__ "".,.. 141211 

....... Auto Vlvltliir T ....... m. 
U/W fIoah for NIk_ 2 .,. •• -
_14IZ1I 

TOyotA CORONA 0eIua. _ 
~ 2 Dr. Now latWY It Tune up. 
Jdnt cond. ... ~ I4I2It 

'17 .AA.- 2 atrIIk .. _ ........ . 
...........,.. r ............. or • 
• . .". or boat offer . • ,.. __ 
1112. Ip 41. 

E&..ICTROVOICE E11I ........ 
1 ... 0. old .•• J ..... .,. 
l412li 

Nwor UMd • t6 1ft. GItIiina 1..-
...... ....... F __ CoI 
DewW ............ I4I2It 

2 Onelll'e LONGJOHN. taO & tao 
SLEEVES .12. 14" DIVING woteult 
.21. Offen? 715-7l1li 14/23' 

RENAULT •.• MPO. N_ 
Clutch. Oood Condo Immaculata 
body. tIOO. -.:z. -befora laml 
.fternoo,... _ . 14/23' 

1." .. ectrical equip reck 7 h tall 
2101... beckdoor. side po ...... 
bI_.1O . -1137 141Z1' 

1 ... 101 Sa-k.,. w/oqua"zer It 
padaatale twIl .. old ... ..". 
14/23' 
for .... : Desk. danlah tIiiok. drop 
..... thr .. draweR. 27" by ...... 
.. cellent condition. m. Call .. 
3111 momi ..... 141Z11 

OIISON LEa PAUL .16 •• 
GUITAR. " STRING ISTANDUP' 
1161.. Du.1 SHOWMAN 
CABINET. IEIT OFFER DAYE ... 
1173 14ID' 

services 

SSW TRAVEL OFFICE ON 
MAnHEWS CAMPUS In-
tomall_1 Cantor ..... ~12 
.m dally. 2-1 pm MWF. Char1ar 
FlI.hta. Int'I ID Corda. Eura ... 
TrIppI,... Oreyhound. PtIA. airline 
tick .... etc. 1N171 

personals 

Happy Ilrthday on 1-17 Kathy ... 
n. It ..... rIdoa ThIef 14/1., 

Byron I he .. you. My back """.. 
14/11' 

TIck ... atItI ovaIIobIa for Equlcon 
'74. For Info ...... 14/11' 

Oh RANDY - When I 100II Into your 
..-lelgh'l·m parolynd. Faal •• 
I'm gol ... to dial AFRAID 141111 

D.ra Pewter. _ sir may choy 
end end - ....... - ray - chin. Eye 
laugh _a berry muah. Kay-Kay. 
14/111 

Nead tutorlne In lpanleh? Coli 
• ..., .fter 1:00 P.M. Excellent E-ar Ouorppa; n. leautlful 
raeultal 14/23' luxom I.... thank you for the 

Mldnl.ht ""d. 14/111 
Writer. noocIe work; will .... P 
other. whh thai, projac:ta. Su .. n HAPPY 21th AGAIN. MOMI Love 
-..z1 14/23' Y. Iota. S_ 141111 

TYPIST. Faat . .-c ..., PO... Cell 
~1Z72 14/23' 
Folk guitar end volc • ....-. All 
.g •. t3.IIO/ .... on. 715-7147 M.ry 
14123' 

HANO -OLIDING LE.SONS 
LEARN HOW ON SANDI ta/D.y 
711&-31. 14/23' 

Duda: InatNd of belne yo-yo' • . 
Iot'. be kh .. 1 You t .. -.... - .... 
and I'" guff_. P ..... dvIH. Tho 
Late Groot. 14/1., 

MS. OAIL MCcLUNG: lIAR1ll1 
YOU SAID YOUR NAMI WAS 
IARIIE -- THE RAPER IYEI. I'VE 
FINAllY RETURNED' 14/111 

Sw ..... poo: Happy 1. on tho 
EDITOR'AL ASSI.TANCE OF 21 ... I Love You. 14/11' 
SAN DIEGO. .ruc. Condra. 
proprietor. -.-. I4IZ11 

, fix blcyclae ca-p. eell __ ,., 
.nd .. k for Cathy. 141., 

travel 
,,,. AIIMIAL AT R.JGHfW 

Eu",,* from .. ,..... trtp 
J .... n: From .. round .... Col, 
••• StudonI ..... -., ... 
0wrtInd ,..,.~ .,... •• c-. 
CIty. 1"/71 

EUROPI - IIRAIL - ARlICA 
hMIaM ......... yoor round 
CONTACT: ISCA _ U ......... 
16_ .'1 Ion DIaee. ~. 82111 
TIL: I7MI .... 12111 ..... 
Ip", 

._"'--,,- .. - .-. 

Thoro Ia no p-abIa way to _ 
tho'* tho EaatIiir C1uorpp It 
EaatIiir 'noId ... _ "-t. Loon It 
JII 14/11' 

o.rwt Mary -I hod ...... , .... 
....... ~'t ..... out. lMo. R. 
• .... 14/,., 

To tho .nonym_ ............. 
who .... loft .... ......-: YOU 
TOO CAN ... WHIU THlIIICJIIiI 
• HOTIII l411li 

.......... --.,... ...... 
l411li 

Alan -- W • ..".,. _Nteft'· 
..... .., .. 

T ..... wIaIa~ ..... .., 
............... 1_ .... ..... 
W .... _ ........ " ..... M. 
I4I18t 


