
Volume 23 Number 2 

UC Students 
Push Voter 

Registration 
A voter registration drive aimed 

at gathering over 35,000 
University of California students 
before the October 6 deadline 
was initiated last week by the 
U.c. Student Body Presidents' 
Council. The statewide effort is 
being organized to maximize the 
student vote in the upcoming 

ovember election, according to 
the Council. 

The drive will be headed here 
by Daryl Fanberg . Voter 
registration tables will be located 
on campus at each of the three 
colleges Monday through Friday 
from noon to 2:00 p.m. until 
rrlday, October 4. 

The Presidents called attention 
to the October 6 registration 
dead line. The recent elimination 
of voter residency requirements 
in the state means that persons 
new to the county may register 
Immediately - there is no waiting 
period. Students may register at 
thei r campus address, and must 
re-register if they have moved or 
If they did not vote in the 

ovember 1972 general election . 
The student vote has had 

substantial impact in recent local 
elections, according to linda 
Bond, a Presidents' Council staff 
member. "last June, Stanford 
students registering and voting as 
Republicans gave Congressman 
Paul McCloskey critical votes in 
his primary victory. And in 1972, 
th ree Ass·emblymen were elected 
by small margins that came from 
student votes." That same year 
two incumbent Assemblymen 
who represented U.c. students 
but who were " unsympathetic to 
tudent concerns" came within a 

few hundred votes of defeat, she 
ald . 

Bond, Co-Director of the u.c. 
Student lobby, the Presidents 
Council 's legislative arm, noted 
that lobby credibility and in-
fluence is directly related to 
tudent voter turn -out. The 

Student lobby was recently 
ranked 12th out of 675 state 
lobbies in a survey of state 
legislators . 

UCSD ~ednesday,September 2 5 , 1974 

UCSD Will Add 50 to Faculty 
UCSD will bo lster its fa ulty th is year by 50 to 60 members in the arts 

and humanltle includ ing fi ve major appointments in the area of art 
history , the Ch ance llor told a news conference in his office Monday. 

In addition , M cEl roy told reporters that new M asters programs are 
under study in the area of cl inica l psycho logy, cli nical chemistry and 
appll d mathemati Cs 

The Chanlt' llor abo de cr ibed a new post-doctoral program in art 
and drama " that is the ('qui va lent of our persent programs in the 
sCiences ." 

In addition to d l cuss ing the academic progress of the universi ty, the 
Chancellor re!>ponded to Regent Norton Simon's omments at the 
Regents' meeting last week . Simon had uggested various "anti-
inflationary" tactics for the-universi ty, including the use of television 
systems, year-round enrollment, and the limiting of Ph.D programs to 
four of the nin UC camp~5es . M cElroy said educational TV is " no 
panacea" for teaching. " It only enables greater enrollment in lasses, 
and does nothing to improve education ." 

He also commented that regular enrollment year-round wou ld upset 
UCSD's summer programs, in addit ion to requiring that sequen es be 
revamped and restaffed. 

Vet School William McElroy 
Chancellor said UC President Charles Hitch's office is still considering 

Commenting on State House Ways and M eans Committee chairman the matter. M cE lroy said he is not lobbying for a fac ility, but added he 
Willie Brown's efforts to loc~te a vet rinary facility at UC D, the would only want a complete school, complete With c lintcal faCilities 

Term Papers: -'Mills' Replace Research 
Ch eating in schoo l s is 

probably as old as the in-
stitution of higher education . 
Every school has its stories of 
crib notes, advance copies of 
the test , professional test 
takers, etc . But within the last 
three years a new form, one 
which is " beginning to seriously 
threaten the whole educational 
system," according to Time, has 
hit campuses - term paper mills. 

Unlike past cheating schemes 
these corporations are big 
business and mass production . 
One, Educational Research Inc. , 
keeps an 800 toll -free number so 
that it can receive nation-wide 
business . 

Un like past term paper 
cheatin g through fra ternity 
" Iibraries", these operations are 
big. Ward Warren, the self-
acclaimed king of the business, 
started Termpapers Unlim ited 3 
years ago. It grossed $1 .2 million 
in 1971 . In 1972 it employed 
2,000 people and had branches 
in 50 U.S. and Canadian cities. 

Warren claimed that these 
writers could "write anything on 
any level in any language" . 
Writers got paid a minimum of 
52 .00 per page for un-

dergraduate work and much 
more for special ized topics. 
Their average weekly salary was 
$150. 

Success is almost, but never 
guaranteed. Many firms remove 
from their files any paper that 

received less than a "B" from 
two professors and keep track of 
papers so that the same in-
stru ctor never receives 
dupl icate copies . 

Universal Termpapers went so 
far as to have branch offices at 

campuses around the U.S.; all 
hooked up by telephone to a 
main office in Boston. After 
they received a request they 
would plug a telephone receiver 
into a special copying machine 
and out would come an im-

Obsolete? 

pressivelv researched paper 
from Boston . 

One big reason for the spread 
of these compan ies is the 
prol iferation of trained, but 
unemployed st udents. In t he 
Sixties a lot of students either 

never graduated or pers isted 
around univerSities after 
graduation . These students 
formed a "potential source of 
chea p , educated labor for 
entrepreneurs who realized that 
the margins of academic li fe 
contain potentially rich 
picki ngs," according to an 
Esqui re article 

W arren agreed in a Time 
article, "The secret of my 
success is that my employees 
really believe in what t hey're 
doing . Also there are alot of 
brilliant , long-haired people out 
of wo rk around here, and I rely 
on them." 

What kind of student buys 
the term papers? Some are 
student who could not get by 
any other way . One " self-
confessed term paper Junkie" 
told EsqUire that he couldn 't 
qUit cheating once he started . A 
Time article aid that "One 
customer is a father who IS 
trying to ass ure ac ademi C 
success for his children by 
contracting to have all their 
papers written by the pros." 

But other customers are much 
brighter and do it more for the 

Continued on Page 8 

Student Cooperative Meets Monday for .First Time 
Coop Approves CoDimittee Cooperative Needs New Attitudes, 

~ tiODa to Succeed at UCSD 
lily The framers, liven a governmentally disin-

. tefested CMlpus, ~ tried to create a wholly 
accessible system, both in theory and practice. 
unbtunetely, the forwW procedure, which so 
,. _ned to UlIdIrstMd to besin with, catered 
to what is. proven ~e some participants 
hold toward c:omprqmise. Procedural points are 

k: someone to make them, 
.. simply for the sake 

my observation it 
-ptiitM:i,.." . ... Wlts who tied to 

__ Monday to 



, 'POLITICS: JAMES G. sOlol 

~dent Voter Apathy 
I just I'et:eived a copy of the UC Student Lobby's Report on student 

\/bting patterns in the June 1974 primary which confirmed most of my 
suspiciolls about the voting habits of students. 

Student turnout in the June Prifr:tary averaged ~ to 10 ~r cent lo~er 
than the statewide totals. The stUdent lobby attributes thIS to the hIgh 
rate of transiency among students. Though partially true, students in 
the last presidential election didn't vote in greater numbers than the 
general electorate and in some places even voted in less numbers, 
despite having a candidate in George McGovern who could be con-
sidered a student candidate if anyone could. . 

An amazing fact on turnout was that (allege Republicans, once 
fanatical in their turnout, stayed away in droves. Republican turno~t 
on campus was at least 10 per cent less than thf! anemic Democrattt: 
figures. 

The one exception to the Republican turnout was in Palo Alto where 
Stanford Republicans turned out 67 per cent of the vote. Stanford, In 
the heart of the 12th Congressional District, represented by the out-
spoken Pete McCloskey, proved to be the margin of difference in t~e 
tough renomination of McCloskey. McCloskey had a 1177 vote marg~n 
over his conservative challenger which was more than the 867 margin 
he held in the district oven,lI. 

In fact, Stanford Republicans were the only college st~dents in the 
entire state who changed the outcome of an electIon. College 
Democrats proved they were more liberal than Democrats as a whole, 
as they did not influence the election in any forceful manner. 
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Edmund G. Brown Jr. won on only 
seven of the 21 campuses sampled, but h is major opponent on college 
campuses, Speaker Bob Moretti, won on eleven ~ampuses ~ncluding s~x 
of eight UC campuses and ran a very poor thIrd stateWIde. Brown s 
major opponent, Mayor Joseph Alioto of San Francisco, won only at 
the University of San Francisco. 

College Republicans usually voted as the entire State vote? There 
was no defihite trend toward either liberalism or conservatIsm. For 
exampleUcSD Republicans voted with the winners in all but one of the 
statewide races. One could safely say college Republicans have been 
able to avoid being cast as mindless students who cast their vote in 
one huge bloc . 

In California students have yet to exert much influence onto the 
political process. In the countless races held up and down the state, 
students were only instrumental in one. O~ of the reasons for thIS. has 
to be the large number of students who refuse to become involved in 
partisan politics. Students at UCSD lead all UC cam~uses (tho~~h ~ot 
the whole state) with voters who decline to state theIr party atfll~atlon 
(independents). Eighteen per cent of all students at UCSD have slmp~y 
written themselves out of the primary stages of the democratic 
processes. ... . 

The Student Lobby report is an informatIve and interesting study as 
to why students have yet to become a force in California politics. It is 
something that everyone interested in California politics should read. 

Political notes .... Dan Styron, Socialist Workers Party candidate for U.S. 
Senate will be at UCSD today at noon on the Revelle Plaza and again 
tonight in the Revelle informal lounge at 7:30 ... H.L. Richardson , GOP 
candidate for U.S. Senate will be at UCSD Friday October 11...Other 
candidates will undoubtably put in an appearance but UCSD still 
appears to be an unprofitable place to campaign according to many 
campaign managers. The reason - simply not enough concerned voters. 
The Democrats will be holding their first by-election national con-
vention in Kansas City this December. Already the differing factic;>ns 
are starting to maneuver for positions in the upcoming conventIon 
which should set the tone for the 1976 convention . 

Find the Triton 

If you can find the Triton 
hidden in this newspuper, you 
may. wn'te for the Tn'ton 
Times. Bn'ng your answers to 
John Taylor. 

Paid Triton Times Septembef. lS, 1974 

First Meeting 

CoOp Needs New Attitudes 
Continued from Pale 1 

allocation of which would this year require their 
presence): and one student actually made a 
preliminary plea for funds. This kind of 
motIvation is what makes American politics a 
basically selfish process, but it is not what a 
student governmpnt should depend on for its 
membership . I venture to say that there are other 
things . 

which, if backed by a coheSive, positively 
motivated stwdent government, could be per-
formed effectively. 

For instance, the Coop wants to involve 
students more influentially in the hierarchy of 
the administration, both at UCSD and state-
wide. And there are a number of good works 

Therefore, next Monday's meeting is an 
important one; the tone the Coop projects will 
depend on who comes and what they have in 
mind. In any case, there are at least two at-
titudes that cannot be perpetuated if the Coop is 
to work: that the system exists for the 
manipulation of procedure according to 
someone's warped view of expediency, and that 
the most important thing in the world is our 
money. 

Save at 
Fed Mart 

Cyciing is easier with 
convenient finger-tip 
control Shimano gears. 
front and rear caliper 
brakes. Padded touring 
saddle and 26" wheels. 
Boys' 2670T. Girls' 2671T. 
3-Speed Bike 
for Men 
or Ladies 
$59.99 
Assembled 
$5.00 extra 

Biking fun beg ins here. Racer has 23" dia· 
mond frame, front and rear centerpull brakes 
and brake extender safety levers. Padded 
racing saddle, 27" gumwall tires, BMA-6 re-
flector grouping. Full lugged constructIon. 
2710, 
Deluxe 10-Speed Stratoflight 
Racing Bike 
$69.95 Assembled $5.00 extra . 
~_SaYlngs on bike accessories_----. 

Easy to attach one-unit light. 440 
Lightweight Generator Light. ..... $3.79 
Lightweight with spring book clip. 800 
Alloy Rear Carrier .... ...... .. ... . . .. $4.59 
Vinyl covered bar holds two bikes. 00-207. 
Rainbow Bike Rear Carrier .... . .. $9.99 
Perfect back-to-school book carrier 
Canvas Back Pack ... .. .. ........... $1.79 

Blkn lind bill. _.on. 1 .. 11 ..... ell ,...... ...... ceIII Fed ..... Jr. 
AI .... ltore Iw ••• bll br IPeclaI Order only. 

FedMart 
Family Savings Centers 
Sports Arena Blvd/Keamy M_ 

Clalremont/San Carloa/El Cajon/College/Lemon Grove 
National City/Chula Ylsta/HIIIcrest/EKondido/OceansIde 

-----

• 

-

What Price Student Gov't? 
Toward the end of last spring term and into the summer, The Undergraduate 

Student Counci l (TUSC), which was responsible for the allocation of the revenue 
raised through student activity fees, was reorgan ized into the Student Cooperative. 

The seven-menber Model Building Committee helped draw up the proposal. 
Under it, a new student government agency will be operating this year . 

The Co-op proposal allows any student who attends three co-op meetings a vote 
in committee decisions. According to the proposal 's authors, this will help elim inate 
traditional student government roles in which power is held by a few students. 

And, according to the proposal, the current ban on student elections will be 
continued u'ntil enough students decide they want elections. 

In the follOWing two articles, Triton Times Managing Editor Edward Simons ob-
jects to the co-op being instituted without a vote by the student body. 

The Co-op argues that elections result in a competitiveness which hinders wise 
decision-making, adding there has never been a move to revive campus-wide 
elections since they were discontinued two years ago. 

Should Vote 
BlI Edward Simons 

Sitting sorhewhere on EDNA's panoramic desk 
are some 16-page documents called "The 
Student Cooperative Proposal 1974-1975." 

Written under the auspices of the Un-
dergraduate Student Council by the Model 
Building Committee, the committee recom-
mended a future line for student government to 
follow. Committee members were Ron Bee, 
Cindy Fisher, Mark Freund, Marco LiMandri , 
Don Murphy, Steve Purcell, and Karen Steen-
tofte. 

At the end of the paper's introduction is the 
disclaimer that the plan is not complete and is 
open to suggestions. The next two . pages deal 
with "The Question of Legitimacy." 

If you, dear reader, are age 18 or over, then 
you are probably aware that the federal 
government of the United States has extended to 
you the right to vote. What most ' of us don't 
realize, though the Model Building Committee 
does, is that the government made a bad mistake 
when it included UCSD students as part of the 
electorate . According to the MBC, we don't 
know anything about the issues, are subject to 
plays on our emotions, and are liable to vote for 
someone solely on the basis of appearance. 

We are a sad lot indeed. 
But there is salvation for us in the form of 

legitimacy of action . As defined iF) the structural 
plan, this means attending two of the last three 
meetings, an alternative to elected represen-
tatives because "it seems ·evident' that the trend 
is not for elections." (I suppose you all 
remember the demographic survey of ca,rnpus 
attitudes towards voting, taken last year?) At any 
rate, this is to ensure that the Co-op will be 
composed of interest groups and motivated 
persons . We are left to assume that elections do 
not produce these people . 

The document goes on to state that how the 
government is formed isn't necessarily im-
portant, • (slipping from its Puritan concern for 
rigged elections) as long as it does somethina. 
We need to have a hand in administrative 
deciSions. So now the question presents 'itself: If 
it doesn't matter, then why no elections' 

If you are in the minority of UCSD students 
who put some iIIplaced trust in elections, don't 
give up hope. After a while you miat\t have one -
after you've been educated by the Co-op. The 
MBC also adds that it doesn't care how the 
colleges choose their budlet representatives, 
but most of us, beinl the uneducated fools we 
are, will probably use the cUted method of 
voting . 

If the first part of "The Question of 
Legitimacy" is to be believed, then the student 
body cannot be considered rational enouah to 
know what's good for it. This same pool of 

Continued on Pap 4 

Replace Roles 
By The Co-op Planning Croup 

Marco Li Mandri, Jeff Unsicker, Ian Boase, Mark 
Freund, karen Steentoffe, Lloyd Thacker, 
Abraham Ignacio, Daryl Fanberx, Jane FerRusen 

"The traditional nature of student government 
has a tendency to repress innovation in an area 
in which innovation can be most easily 
achieved. Student government should be open 
to experimentation as institutionalization seems 
to create stagnation . We therefore submit this 
new proposal to reflect our interests in ex-
perimentation and to use this model of 
uniqueness to discover the real or non-existant 
potentials of the students at UCSD." (Page 3 of 
the Cooperative Proposal, 1974-1975.) 

Competitiveness is institutionalized and 
perpetuated by the mere academic structure of 
this University. A .few students interested in the 
potential productivity of UCSD students created 
the Co-<>perative so all students can have the 
opportunity to break from the competitive 
environment of this school and devote their 
individual or collective energies into a 
cooperative experiment in human relations . 

The Co-op is a political , social, philosophical, 
and cultural organization . The Co-op proposes 
to eliminate traditional student government 
roles, i. e. president, V.p., social chairman, etc.; 
extend the present abolition of school-wide 
elections until students decide they want them; 
create a unified student voice representit ive of 
only those who wish to participate in the Co-op; 
attempt to organize and imp lemont variety of 
ideas and innovative projects that many 
students silently advocate. 

The Co-op is already planning to revive the 
cultural atmosphere at this school through joint 
efforts with KSDT and the Campus Program 
Board . Most of the noon activities that will 
occur within the next few weeks wi II be 
reflections of the activities of the Co-op and 
these groups. 

The University should act as a progressive 
institution within the community. There is 
presently no environment in which an exchange 
of ideas and information can occur on this 
campus . Students must start concern rna 
themselves with the problems ari~ing . from . 
surrounding land development; administrative 
decision makina on campus, academic policy 
making, which currently does not include a 
unified student voice; statewide legislation 
which affects everyone; student necessities in 
the areas of low cost housing, day care centers, 
student commercial cooperative endeavors, 
financial aid, student employment, and tran· 
sportation . 

Optimism stemming from the existing vast 
amount of cultural, political academic, and 

Continued on Pale 4 

War Resisters: Pardon 
Sets Double-Standard 

TORONTO-While Richard Nixon has received unconditional 
Inesty, President Ford has ,announced that he intends to ex-

UdCt a penalty from war resisters so that we can "earn" our way 
back into American society. 

Am I upset that Nixon has been pardoned, while we must 
perform public service and reaffirm our allegiance to the United 
States? Am I bitter? As an exiled American war resister, I have 
been asked this question many times. Perhaps I am a bit stoic, 
but on a personal level I am not particularly upset or bitter, nor 
am I really surprised . 

I am not the only exile already on record as believing that the 
very reason the questIon of amnesty was raised so early in the 
Ford Administration was precisely to set the stage for an early, 
full pardon for Nixon. This cynical attempt to playoff Ni)(on's 
very real criminality against our conscientiously caused legal 
jeopardy is just one more attempt at coverup-and not a very 
good one . 

Most war resisters to whom I have spoken are bitter and upset 
at this ironic turn of events . This is not an abstract issue with us-
our very futures are at stake. Though we generally reject the 
concept of "earned reentry ," the revival of nationwide discussion 
of amnesty had aroused in us both hope and anxiety. 

Two postponements of Mr. Ford's final word on "earned 
reentry" prior to Monday's proclamation left us " twisting slowly, 
slowly in the wind ." evertheless, he moved swiftly to square 
away his former boss 

Sympathy for Nixon? We have little, though by and large we 
are humane and open-minded. It's hard, however, to feel much 
sympathy for a man who has shown so little for others. "Certainly 
I have sympathy for anyone who has made a mistake," Nixon 
said at a press conference in January, 1973, in which he rejected 
proposals for even a " conditional" amnesty. "We all make 
mistakes, but also it is a rule of life we have to pay for our 
mistakes ... The price is a criminal penalty for disobeying the laws 
of the United States :' 

The other night about eight or ten of us were interviewed by 3 
television crew from Chicago. After about six straight questions 
and straight answers, I alluded to the reports of Nixon's 
depressed mental state being the reason for Ford's mercy. I was 
somewhat surprosed by the prolonged laughter that broke out all 
around me. In our four or five years of forced separation from 
famify and friends in the United States, depression has simply 
become a fact of life. 

"There can never be justice for Ihe millions of young 
Americans whose lives were disrupted by the illegal and immoral 
Vietnam war-and it is unlikely that there will ~ mercy. Those 
who on grounds of conscience in some significant way opposed 
Ihe Vietnam war continue to pay, while the debts of a con-
scienceless and Machiavellian former president .rre quickly 
erased." 
Joe Jones, draft resister from Wilkesboro, N.C., now an English 
literature teacher in Toronto. 

. I personally know of three American exiles who have taken 
. their own livesoOne by hanging, one by drowning and one by fire . 
I have seen many others visibly suffer from the strain . How many 
more war resisters have been psychologically maimed by prison? 
How many veterans with less-than-honorable discharges have 
despaired at ever finding decent jobs and making decent lives for 
themselves? How many American families have suffered 
severely? Two of my exile friends could not return to be with 
their dying parents, while others were arrested at family funerals . 

Perhaps I am bitter after all . But we've been bitter for so long 
that often we are left to laugh at the utter absurdity of it all 

What many Americans fail to realize is that we are in e)(ile not 
only because full amnesty has failed to material ize but because 
the war we opposed has failed to go away. 

Mr. Ford has pardoned Nixon for "any and all crimes he may 
have committed" while in the White House. The worst of these 
were the crimes against the I ndochinese peoples (particularly the 
Christmas carpet·bombing of North Vietnam in 1972), the 
flagrant abuse of his powers as commander-in-chief, his cynical 
deception of both the American people and Congress as 
exemplified by the illegal and the unconstitutional bombing of 
Cambodia and its coverup. 

But Congress itself was unwilling to deem such severe abuse of 
executive power to be an impea hable offense, and the man who 
has granted pardon to Nixon carries on his predecessor's policy 
in Indochina. American "boys" have been replaced by American 
dollars and weapons. Only Asians are dying now. It's the biggest 
coverup of them all. 

Perhaps we should be grateful for Watergate. It has been a 
profound educational experience, and if that's the way the 
American system "works," then it's about time we all found out. 
Today anxiety has grown here among those who most want to 
return 'home. We now know that total alflnesty will never come 
Even those who were encouraged by the apparent' growth in 
support for unconditional amnesty share the common 
denominator of outrage. 

Not long ago Amex magazine re<eived a letter from a draft 
resister who had spent four years tlnderground in the United 
States before coming to Canada. His htter suggested that if eICiles 
returned home and faithfully perfomled alternative service, we 
could convince skeptics that we are really all right after all. Soon 
after Nixon's pardon, the ~ 'M~ "'",~ "'itnyl the 
presses," he said, "there's no way I 'm goin. back with conditions 
now " 

Gerry Condon is editor ot Amex.(;anada, a magazrne JKlblished 
by A~rican war resisters in Canada. A native of San Mateo, he 
has lived in Canada and Europe since gOIng AWOL from Army 
Special Forces in 1969. ThiS arflcle is taken from the Los Anaeles 
Times 

byGerYyConcion, Editor 
/feprlftfefl ,..", tile Lu ....... n... 

. 

'ale 3 Triton Times Septembef 25, '974 



Continued from Pap 3 
huma 1 ~urce, however, is to be tapped by the 
Co-op ..,d ma8ically produce responsible and 
intelliaertt leaders. It's a good thing the Co-op's 
claim to legitimacy is so well argued, or 
someone might question its decision to suspend 
voting , 

Marco liMandri later gave to the Triton Times 
a description of the Co-op cenference which 
occurred on August 10th and 11th . 

Three hundred and fifty "interested" students 
were invited to the event. Of these, 45 replied 
and 21 showed up. (It must be remembered that 
this was at a time when most of us were on 
vacation.) So, these 21 represent 6.6% of the 
"interested." It would appear as though most 
people are not interested, though I'm probably 
wrong. The week of Sept . 8th, another meeting 
was held, netting 35 persons . 

LiMandri's letter belies a certain pessimism. I 
find it vaguely disturbing to enter a finance 
meeting and hear sums of money in the 
thousands casually and suavely bandied about. I 
am ill at ease when someone leans back in his 
chair and smugly tells me how many " K" , or 
thousands, this or that will cost. My suspicions 
are roused when a committee member smoothly 
draws up a proposal for an Ad Hoc Committee 
Task Force to Investigate Relevant Dialogues 
and Alternatives Relating to Coordination of 
Budget Sub-Committees on the Increased Cost 
of Chewing Gum. And I can 't avoid the sneaking 
suspicion that a fair number of student members 
derive a deep satisfaction from printing 
mysterious initials after their names 

But I'm probably wrong here, too. 

Dear Readers ... 
The Triton Times welcomes your submissions 

to the opinion pages. All work will be carefully 
considered for publication and we'll try hard to 
publish all signed letters to the editor. 

If you have any desire to draw editorial 
cartoons, write editorials, poetry, or just want to 
come in and talk, by all means do so. You pay for 
this paper so you may as well add your input. 

All submissions should be typed on a 65-space 
line to keep the copyreaders happy. Thanks . 

Co-op .. Continued from pqe 3 
intellectual resources at this campus is what 
induced the Model Building Committee to 
propose this new form of student organization . 
Our recent experience with the Co-op has 
revealed to us how sucessful our optimiSm can 
be. 

The Co-op proposal offers the most open of all 
democratic processes. Elections represent a way 
of controlling one's own life. Elections delegate 
political power from the voting aggregate to the · 
mouths of the voter's "elected representitives." 

In the spring of 1972, UCSD students passed 
an initiative in a campus-wide vote which 
abolished the old Associated Students Govern-
ment. Only interc:ollege elections have taken 
place since then. No intelligent case has been 
prest'ntf'd as to why campus wide elections 
should occur if there will be no one claiming to 
represent the students of UCSD. If a student 
desires to serve his or her fellow students 
through a social/political role, there is no reason 
why he or she should have to submit themselves 
to a competitive environment resulting from an 
electoral process. 

The Co-op has within it a Resource/ Budget 
Group which distributes the student activity fee 
and allocates space to all student organizations. 
All budget meetings are open to any student. 
The Co-op would like to encourage mass student 
input in deciding the budgetary decisions. All 
budget allocations made by the Resour-
ce/Budget Croup require the entire en-
dorsement of the Co-op. 

The Co-op does not represent a government 
by traditional standards. A government is 
generally comprised of an individual or closed 
group making decisions which effects the lives 
of others, theoretically in the interest of the 
group as a whole. The Co-op is unified student 
advocacy directed towards the welfare of the 

- campus as a whole. Our decision making process 
is open to all the students who care to represent 
their own beliefs. The Co-op represents a unified 
political organization . 

It was stated that 35 people people attended 
the (o-op meeting on Sept. 8. Considering that 
the meeting occured in the summer, a large 
turnout reflects relevant student interests. At the 
Sept. 8 meeting, 35 people voted on issues, that 
was 32 more votes than participated in student 
government decision making over the last two 
school years. 

The Co-op combines a touch of anarchy, 
participatory democracy, meritocracy, and 
socialism into one amorphous group. It is 
organized loosely, but only a loose organization 
can allow itself to improvise with changing 
moods and adapt to new concerns. The Co-op 
has its prime basis in human trust, collective 
efforts, individual responsibilities, and friend-
ship. 

• 

triton times 
Editor 

Malcolm Smith 

Manalln, Editor 
Edward Simons 

City Editor 
John Taylor 

Copy Editor 
joni Moody 

Business Manaler 
Mike Robinson 

Editorial Director 
Charles Heim ler 

Arts Editor 
Larry Deckel 

Sports Editor 
Kirk Robinson 

Science Editor 
john Snodgrass 

PhotOlraphy EditOR 
Tad Sperry 
Howard Erlanger 

Assoc. City Editor 
David Cassidy 

Secretary 
Kathy Coxe 

The TRITON TIMES Ie oIfIclallv rKoonlzed .... tu"'t -peper 
by' the Communlc.tlon BOlIn! of the U.w.r.hy of Cellfornla. S.n 
o ... o.l2OJ7. Publ .... tlon I. on Mondey •• Wed ...... .,. •• nd Frida.,.. 
Otflc ... ,. loatH In Room 111. Blake H ... R ....... Cempu .. For 
• chMttI8lne ...... l1li __ ~ or _ .... ; for editorial or 
_. II'- photM ___ IAU8n to the Editor.,. welcom •• nd 
.hould.,. .......... nd "'1*1 on. ___ 11_ 

- , 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 
LIBRARY 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-ta-date, 
176-page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our materials are sold for 

research purposes only 

• nonoC)roflt 
:)ubllc ",vice 

1gencv 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 
• Female Sterilization 

Call BCI for 
confidential assistance 

(714) 2B3·6351 
(714)~5757 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEWII'DWAY 

FED MART STORE 

,.,., ... ,.. 
", ........ . •. .,. 

IJlA~'II· A tM'R~E.TPLACE. OF YALUE. .. UNOERo.E R:XJ:' __ uW\ • 5017 I ... r THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY ~ 
I 

MASS SCHEDULE 

rap 4 Triton Ti", .. Sept .... ber 25, 1974 

. ~ 
I ' ,. i . UC 

Q 
~ 

Saturday 11 :30 p.m . 

. Sunday 8:30 a.m. 

10:30 a.m. 
5:00p.m. 

University Lutheran Church 
9595 La jolla Shores Drive 

University Lutheran Church 
Sutdent Cen~er (groun~ floor, north «rnd) 

University Lutheran Church 

Tuesday and Thursday noon University Lutheran Church 

RmEATS: 
Friday evenings to Sunday afternoon in Julian 
October 18-19-20 - November 8-9-10 

CLASS 
Catholic Belief - Six week series - Begins September 30th . 

CHAPLAINS 
Fathers Ed Donovan and Bernard Campbell 
Office • Office of Religious Affairs 

MC 302 452-2521 452-2548 

Residence - 3115 Bremerton Place,La Jolla 92037 - 453-33SO 

• 

.................. ................ ~ .......................... ~ ............ ... 
"'t l 

l 
l 
l 

ENTER + ,. .., 

l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 

n i PMT PV . FV 

These are yoUr keys to 
unprecedented calculating power. 
Only Hewlett-Packard offers them . 

l We invite you to experience them on l Hewlett-Packard's scientific and business 
_ pocket calculators. 

I Come see for yourself how the ENTERi 
.. key lets you "speak" with total consistency 
I to Hewlett-Packard's three scientific 
.. calculators. 
I Come see for yourself how their 
.. W IPRGM-RU N switch lets you write and 

execute programs up to 100 steps long l without knowing a special language on the 
world's only fully programmable pocket 

I calculator. 
.. Come see for yourself how the "n:' "i:' 
I "PMT,'''PV'' and "FV" keys on Hewlett-
.. Packard's pocket business calculators 
I replace aI/ the compound interest, discount, 
.. bond and annuity tables commonly in use. 

Here's a thumbnail sketch of the l Hewlett-Packard pocket calculators we 
offer. 

I HP-35. The origi nal scientific " electron ic 
.. slide rule:' Pre-programmed to handle 22 
I functions. Has one Addressable Memory 
.. Register. Costs $225. 

HP-45. The most powerful Qre-program-l med scientific pocket calculator made. 
Handles 44 functions. Has nine Address-l able Memory Registers. Costs $325. 

l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l 
l , 
, HP-70 

HP-65. Hewlett-Packard's "small 
miracle:' The world's only fully program-
mable pocket calculator. Also prepro-
grammed to handle 51 calculating functions. 
Costs $795. . 

HP-70. The simplified powerhouse in 
pocket business calculators. Handles 
dozens of business-math problems. 
Costs $275. 

HP-80. The most powerful pocket 
calculator available to businessmen. Pre-
programmed to handle 36 financial 
functions. Costs $395. 

If you're looking for unpr.ecedented 
calculating power for your money, by all 
means see and test these machines. Come 
on in. And bring a stubborn !1roblem. 

univeRSITY 

HP-80 

HP-35 

HP-45 

HP-65 

-. 
..... 

V) 
a::: 
-. 

LL. 

t 
f 
t 

V)t 
::It 
)...1 
a:: 1 
..... t 

• 

: t 

-. 

C 
LU 
LU 
Z 
...... 

• 
• 
• 

-. 

C 
LU 
LU 
Z 

t 
t 
1 
t 
t 
1 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
~ANKbHKICAAD t I MATTHEWS CAMPUS - EXTENSION 3740 STORE HOURS: MON.-FRio 8 TO 4: 15 

1 TEXTS' COMPLETE GENERAL BOOK SECTION . CURRENT TITLES' MEDICAL 
I ART SUPPLIES' VITAMINS . HEALTH FOODS' SOFTWARE' SUNDRIES' GIFT BOOKS 
I SCHOOL SUPPLIES· REFERENCE· STUDY AIDS . AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICE 

t 
t 
t .......... -. ..................................................................... .... 

.• Paae 5 Triton Timet September lS, '97. 



Soccer Club 
Meeting Tonight 

Since it is the most popular 
sport in the world it is not sur-
prising to find that soccer is 
played here at UCSD. Athletes 
with varying degree of skill can be 
accomodated on the various 
UCSD soccer teams . 

There is an Intercollegiate team 
for undergraduates. The IC team 
competes during the fall quarter, 
participating in the N.AIA soccer 
tournament at the end of the 
season. Steward Hayes is the 
captain of the team and he may 
be contacted through the PE 
Dept. for more information. 

In addition to the IC team there 
is the UCSD Soccer Club, whose 
membership is open to all people 
affiliated to UCSD in some way 
(faculty, staff, grad students, 

etc.). The club filed two teams in 
the San Diego Soccer League, 
which is affiliated with ' the 
Southern California Soccer Assn. 
The teams will play almost every 
Sunday throughout the season, 
which runs from November 
through March . More information 
may be obtained from Mike 
Pelling (X-1887) or Naresh Mehlia 
(X-2796). 

There will be an introducto~ 
meeting for all those interested in 
soccer (Intercollegiate or Club) 
tonight (Sept. 25) at 7 p .m . in the 
Student Center. 

The Soccer teams have two 
regular practice sessions each 
week . They meet at 5 : 15 every 
Tuesday and Thursday at the 
Mathews Campus Soccer Field. 

(liE 
1& lIB 
~w.w. ~ ~ fin} t (II M£M.rrA$ AU. lITE 

rura., 1'UNII!D TftJIJ 

J4Olt'S t.fRIS fHEIIIMYE fIlS; RJiS, 
RtaI tl 1IiEr.; In. TAWiS, 
M"NL, ad. INQIf. to .. 
" U.a FIla,. f&U .. ate. 

0fEI Af II Nt rtL UIb, IM'J ba 
~ flat II nLt., BM'D!. me 
AT 9 fN 7 MTIS .. wmc. 

.~ 1 ",01", Ffa.t 
.~~ ~I~ 'Po •• 

'ale 6 Triton Timet September 25, 1974 

Finding a Cure 
by Tom Wrlaht 

Are you anemic, hyper or overweight? 
.... AII three, you say? Well, we have the product 

for you! It will put iron into your system, wear down 
those e)(tra nervous tensions and trim that tum-
my!! ... and it's guaranteed, or your symptoms 
returned to you free of charge! 

What is the name of this wonderful cure-a III The : 
UCSD Intramural Programs. There are a total of 7 
(that's seven) different elixors, and depending on the 
severity and duration of your illness, one of these 7 
should cure you. (If not, there's no hope anyway.) 

One is brand new. and though it has been tested 
only once (at Davis), UCSD's Dr. Foo Loo has come 
up with a few changes in the concoction. "European 
Handball." to make it"am icable to almost anyone. It is 
an e)(citing mixture of soccer. football, basketball 
and baseball . and should fix any schizophrenic 
tendencies you might have. Captain's meeting is 
Friday. October 4 at 4 p .m. 

There are 4 Coed drugs to be prescribed for you . If 
you need to swing an inanimate object and strike a 
fuzzy ball and like the outdoors. coed tennis is highly 
recommended. Captain's meeting is Thursday. 
October 3 at 5 p.m. 

polo. Captain's meeting is Wednesday, October 2 at 
4 p.m. 

If you desire to leap and dive for that sometimes 
elusive ball, coed volleyball should provide plenty of 
action . Captain's meeting is Thursday, October 3 at 4 
p.m. . 

For those of you that have water fixations (and you 
need not be a fish) there is Coed Inner tube water 

And then there is original wonder-drug: coed 
football. offering an abundance of contact and nifty 
leg work. Captain's meeting is Friday, September 27 
at 4 p.m. 

Field Hockey 

The final two medicinal lifts are for all the clambo 
men who have that certain frustration to work out. 
Round ball freaks can find a couple friends and form 
a three man team for three man basketball (Captain's 
meeting Friday, October 4 at 3 PAll .) . Finally. there's 
Dr. Foo Loo's favorite prescription for those wishing 
the ecstasy of victory and the agony of defeat (Thank 
you ABC); men's flag football. Sign up your squad of 
invalids this Friday, September 27th, at 3 p.m. 

All meetings are in the Rec. Gym Conference • 
Room •... So get together with some fellow sufferees 
and cure yourselves through meaningfulfellowship. 
No experience is necessary. Offer void after the fall 
quarter. , 

All captain 's nleetings will be held in the Rec. Gym 
Conference Room where everyQTle will learn about 
the new forfeit rule which could be a pain in the old 
pocketbook . If your team forfeits, you pay for the 
officials and play no more games until Dr . Foo Loo 
collects the fee (e.g. flag football refs are S3-hr.) Try 
to get a tooth pulled for that! 

All other UC campuses require a "deposit," so 
appreciate the trust between the good doctor and his 

, patients. and have your team show up. 

New Team Organized 
During the summer, a group of 

about forty adventerous females 
formed the nucleus of UCSO's 
newest addition to its menagerie 
of intercollegiate sports - an all 
female Field Hockey team . 

team with five forwards, three 
halfbacks, two fullbacks and the 
ever present goalie. 

This energetic group begins 
their season with an away game 
at San Diego State, so come out 

and give your support to UCSD's 
newest and most unusual team . 

If you are interested in playing 
Field Hockey, contact Margie in 
the PE office or call Judy Irwin at 

7~598. 
The game is played in much the 

same manner as Ice Hockey, but 
with a few minor modifications. 
Tre players utilize their wooden 
sticks to manuver a small white 
ball over a field roughly the size 
of a football fteld . They are also 
allowed a minimal amount of 
protective equipment. Unlike Ice 
Hockey, no intentional body 
contact is allowed. although at 
times it is unavoidable. 

To Fly a Frisbee 

Each side consists of eleven 
players on the field at one time. 
and tiley are deployed in much 
the same manner as a soccer 

The Frisbee Carnival that is 
coming up this Saturday will 
feature instructions in the use of a 
frisbee by a US Frisbee Cham-
pion . Tom Boda. who just 
recently finished third in a world 
championship will be on hand at 
10:30 a.m . to give lessons in how 
to throw and catch a frisbee, as 
well as give an exhibition in the 
art of the frisbee .. 

At 1 p.m . the contest, spon-

sored by Wham-o, will begin . 
There will be six events and the 
first 100 peopfe to finish . 
regardless of how well they do 
will receive a free frisbee . 

There will also be frisbee games 
that you can play for a nickel. 
Prizes will be given to winners of 
the games and the contests . -

If you have any questions 
inquire at the Recreation Office. 

McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW 

UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 
SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 

April 30, 1975 Is application deadline for flnt-yea, Itudents seekinl juri. doctor dearee in l-yea, Day or 
4-year Eveni,. prosram bqlnninaln June or September, 1975. 

PRE-LAW DISCUSSION FOR PROSPECTIVE LAW STUDENTS 

DATE: T uetciay 
Oct. 1, 1974 

TlME:2:30 - 4:30p.m. Pl.ACE:UCSD 

FOR APPOINTMENT Contact Thoma. Hall 
OR FURTHER INFQRMATION Vice Chancellor's Offlc:e 

The Numbers Game 
by Kirk Robinson 

Unbeknownst to many on campus (even 'the campus police) there 
exists.an illicit organization (shall we call it a Numbers Game) that 
each week puts out a "pick" sheet with some atrocious choices as to 
who is going to win some of the weekend's upcoming football games 

Upon hearing of this illegal and otherwise d cadent operation, I 
immediately submitted my dollar to the " Numbers Man" (I will call 
him LJ in order to protect the guilty. I did this III order to get a good 
scoop that I could expose to the publi c, not to gamble away my Ilard 
earned money, mif!d you. 

LJ handed me my "pick" sheet and told me I had to decide the 
winners of each of the thirty games listed Within the next twenty 
minutes. Using the advice of Lj's sideki ck in the racket, HB, I 
proceded to·pick Stanford over Illinois, Nebraska over Wisconsin and 
Cinncinati over San Diego . Much to my dismay most of my teams 
lost, resulting in my forfeit of the dollar to LJ who just happened to 
pick four of the games right (he also made up the "pick" sheet.) 

After resigning my poor luck to the philosophy that "any team can 
beat a better team on a given Sunday," I vowed not to participate in 
this morally degrading business ever again . 

However. today. as I was minding my own ~usiness I ran across LJ . 
Spying me, he immediately asked for my dollar and gave me this 
week's "pick" sheet. I searched my soul for a respectable reply. but 
finding none and realizing how little a dollar is worth today, I humbly 
paid my dollar and made my picks. I sure hope Oakland can beat 
Pittsburgh ... in Pittsburgh . 

LJ is a sneaky operator. Besides making out the pick sheet each 
week he is often found relaxing at his desk, pretending to be working, 
while actually playing such assorted and potentially decadent games 
as "Rip." or " Score." But behind that face of his. his mind his con-
stantly working, always trying to come up with a line on the up-
coming games (can you imagine giving Cinncinati 8 points against 
the 49'ers) . Although LJ claims to having not made any rakeoffs while 
running the "Numbers Game" one always has to wonder since he 
invariably end,s up winning the pool. 

And then there is Lj's sidekick , HB. HB is one of those " Avis" type 
people. always trying to move up in the world but never getting 
anywhere . He is the constant runnerup to LJ in the pool as well as the 
loser to lJ in the games of " Rip" and "Score.<- HB is also the well 
known victim of the Great Disappearing Office Caper of Spring 1974. 
He is still trying to move up in the world and who knows. maybe LJ 
will even let him win the pool one of these days .. 

How far into the campus community the tentacles of LJ and his 
" Numbers Game" reach one can only imagine. The populace of this 
university should be alerted since LJ and HB have expanded their 
operations and set up a second pool in order to include more people 
and of course make a larger profit, even though they say that the 
person with the most correct picks wins the whole kitty . This I can't 
believe . 

As one becomes involved in the " Numbers Game" one begins to 
spend his whole life watching and thinking football (can Miami beat 
San Diego by more than 9 points this weekend? with the game being 
play\'d here in San Diego?). The "Numbers Game" will involve a 
persun from Wednesday. when the first WFL game is played until the 
follOWing Monday night when Howard Cosell finally closes his mouth . 
to end his weekly barrage of verbal abuse directed at player and fans 
alike. 

Qh, by the way Harry, you sure made one he "~va lucky guess on 
the Monday night tiebreaker game-too had It dldn t coun t. 

weslem 
Slale 
un'versity 
co lege 
01 aw 
01 san diego . 

IS 'now accepting men and 
women who have a 
minimum of Two Years of 
Acceptable College Credits 
(60 units). 

Provisional Accredi -
tation granted by the 
California Committee of 
Bar Examiners. 
The J.D. or LL.B. degree 
can be earned in 2112 -3 
years of full-time law 
study (15-16 classroom 
hours per week), or in 
312-4 years of part-time 
attendance (3 classes 
per week; 3-4 hours per 
class). 
Graduates are eligible to 
take the California State 
Bar Examination. 

Call or Write Today for more Information or Catalog. 
The Western State University Building 
1333 Front Street. San Diego, 92101 

e·~ • L .. 
(714) 232-6506 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
FEBRUARY 3rd CLASSES 

Announcements 
The UCSD Tennis Clubwillihoid 

its first meeting of the year 
Friday, September 27th at 7 p.m . 
in the PE Classroom. All in-
t rested students, faculty and 
staff are invited to attend. 
Heading the meeting's agenda will 
be a discussion of very inex-
pensive tennis lessons offered 

through the club . For more in-
formation contact the infamous 
Harry Bloom at 452-4038. 

Check out the Intramural 
Department's newest and most 
exci ting activity this quarter -
European Handball. A com-
bination of football , basketball . 

and soccer, European Handball 
will be played on Wednesday 
nights in the Rec . Gym. If you 
liked Floor Hockey you will love 
European Handball. bnce again 
contact Harry in the Recreat ion 
Office for details. 

BOLSTERS, • ,HUGE ",I"I"ING 
..ILLOWII ••• 

...OR 4NV 0 ... YOUR '"" ...... INO 
NEEDS ••••••••• 

HANDCRA ... TIEO 
IIVT .. 
SIENSITIVIE 
AND .TE 
HANO.OI" 
... O .. E-
ov.: .. 

... OROCCANS 
IN THE 
II HAD IE 01" 

AN t)PEN 
I"IEI..O. _ •• 

..1.99 

TATAMI 
SANDALS 

JU.T IN ••• ! 
4 NEW IIHI .. MENT 

:> ... TR "'1 CAL -LANT ••• , 
CREE~ING CHARLIIE • • 

WANDERING .I.W., ."101E" 
"LANT. AND ... ")RIE. , •• 

~" .99 H:.::a ING f3.79 

OUR EVIE" VERSATII..IE 
aASKET IS SACK •••• 

IEIIIII 

4.99& 

REMEMBER IT AS A 
PICNIC BASKET, SCHOOl.. 
BASKET. ETC . • . . 7 

WELL, •• ,WE NOW 
SELL THIS BASKET 

.... 5 .... SINGLE 
WALL , 

SHE 1..'" 

SUPER STURDY 
SUPER COMFORT 
SUPER COLORS •• ~ 
DURAal..1E SIEMI SHINV 
VINVI.. • .•. DOUIII..E 
SEA ... IEO AND DOUIII..IE 
ZIPPERED I'"DR 

STR H. 

bedspeads COVER. WALL., DO., WINDOW •• TAIILEII, 
"ILLOWII, 
I"l..ooR., 
CI..O.ET., 

YOU 
COUI..D 
EVCN 
I..INe 
YO,," 

I"AYDf'IT.: 
SATHTUa 

..... 0'" T .. YILL.AGE 

2.50 

0 ... 
YILLAGIE 

.ATH •• 

MUSK 
OIL 

A SlEN.lug'UII 
IIOUQUET 

MU.IC 
T'. 

" PUR E A NO 
NATURAL" 

PO .. MS. 
ORMR. 

LA MESA- CENT.: .. AT JACKIION, GROIISMONT CENTE... • • .•• ~~760 
LA JOL.LA- 1152 .... O ... ECT ST .. EET •••••..•••••••••• 59-3671 BE 

.. 
HOURS: 9AM TO 9PM MON-f.-RI 10 AM TO 6PM SUNDAYS 
AND WIE A .. E NOW O .. EN .... 0 ... lOAM TO 9PM ON SATURDAYS 

"'IE RCHANO CT TO STOCK ON HAND . 

'ale 7 Triton l'intet Selttetllber 25, 197. 



Short Without Comment ... 
JE.USA~M- A Nixon Justice 

Fund is be g established to help 
pay the f mer President's legal 
fees, Rab'i Baruch Korff an-
Ilounced t~is week . The rabbi, 
vYho is b Israel for the Jewish 
New Yea: , said he had not yet 
consulted with Nixon on the 

establishment of the international 
fund but expected Nixon's. ap-
proval. Rabbi Korff had formed 
the American Natjonal Citizen's 
Committee for Fairness to the 
Presidency to defend Nixon while 
he was still in the White House. 

TerlD Paper Mills 
Replace Research 

operate in states which have not university structure is the major 
yet passed tiRht laws. cause of cheating. Because 

In light of this atmosphere, students believe that their 
what can or should be done at a required courses are a waste of 
university like ucsm Enough time, they tend to devote little 
law already exists in the or no effort in these classes. As a 
University's Standards of result they must cheat in order 
Conduct, . published in each to pass and graduate ... Cheating 
quarter's class schedule. The is thus only a symptom of the 
first case of misconduct cited is disease of the University." 
"Dishonesty, such as cheating, Time interviewed the leader 
plagiarism, or knowingly fur- of one business called "Quality 
nishing false information to the Bullshit". He said that "the kids 
University." have so many ' term paper 

Based on this clause students assignments that they're an 
at UCSD can be accused and obstacle tOta degree rather than 
convicted of cheating. But few a learning technique. As long as 
professors are willing to go " we're operating to help people, 

Continued from P~le 1 through the procedural process the business is not only 
convenience than out of use Warren's service to write a necessary to actually convict a justifiable, it may even be 
necessity. One student argued report that they have to give at a student. Most try to settle it commendable." 
in a Newsweek article that " It's meeting. personally, either by giving the Few would go so far as to 
alot like the business world. In some states, though, like student the chance to re-do the justify this business that way, 
School is becoming a business New York. it is now legally, if work or by assigning an in- but many, including those who 
and buying a paper is just one not morally wrong. complete. must prosecute, are questioning 
more phase of that business. I But despite legal action, Perhaps the answer lies in the the whole academic process. 
don't think that it is morally according to the Esquire article, very structure of UCSD. Paul Stephen Mindell is the deputy 
wrong." paper mills still flourish on all Kaufman, former A .S. president, chief in New York's Bureau of 

This is literally true in some campuses. This is partly due to was quoted in an article in the Consumer Fraud and Protection . 
cases where businessmen will the fact that firms can still Triton Times as saying that " the In an Esquire article he criticized 

the universities and suuested 
that "there has to be somethinK 
wrong with what the schools are 
doing when this kind of 
cheating is possible. The term 
paper mills are a big em-
barassment to universities 
because they make everyone 
see that, and just by their 
presence they could force some 
changes." 

Here at UCSD organizations 
like the Student's Educational 
Change Center are trying to 
make changes. But the only real 
apparent change at this point 
seems to be that by Com-
munication Board law, the 
campus media, like the Triton 
Times, can't run papermill 
advertisements: 

: ................................................ ~ •••••••••• what's happening ..... : 
.. 

• .. 
• 

new classes 
.. FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 123 
.. "FRONTIERS OF PHYSICS & 
.. METAPHYSICS" I .T.Menhle. cou,.. 
• code 1m T 2-3:311, Th 2-3:30 HL Aud c -
• 402Ii for Info (1127) 
• 
• 
• CONTEMPORARY ISSUES 50 IS NOT 
• CANCELLEDIII 
.. Section. avalleb": 
• M & W, 10-10:50, Clu.ter Llb,.ry-Sue 
• Galloway ~ T & Th, 10-10:50, Cent,.1 Llb,.ry-Phll 

~ Smith 111271 

• 
• 
: MATH ZAH,- 21H .nd 2CH. MWF .t 

'O:(J(J A.M . In Room 22Jj(J of 1Ju1ldln. 2A 
• 1APM). end rite INtructtK will I» 
• HubMt #MIltln. 111/271 

• 
• • HI.tOry 1110 , Colloquium In Anterlun 
• Ethnic HIftorf, Rlunlo Ramo, ",ur-
• "Y, I-JOe.m. 

• 
• 
• HIfto,., ' .. A.""n ~ of t..tln 
• Amerlce , "26 - ',JO . 
• Prof_or Mlcheel Monteon MWF 10-

10:10. Cou,.e code 1320. 

• 
• 
.. 
• HI.tOry 1 liliA, Eerly Modern EurOpee, 

~ HI.tOry, MWF 8-8:50 • . m. Dr. CI .. le C. 
~ Fairchild. 

• • HI.tofY 111A, Rena l .. ance end 
• Rll'forma tion Englend, MWF, 11-11:50 
• • . m. Dr. B.rbara Shapiro 

BOUNDARIES ' OF IIERO 
MEDITERRANEAN CIVIUZATlON: 
HISTORY 111--2121. ZII --IIaZI, 
LITERATURE 111--1'7', 211--"', 
SOCIOLOGY 1IOA-Z132, ZIOA-II27-
WED 2-1, 7OZ3 H&SS l..u, 

Gen-lit 81 : CONFLICT AND 
RESOLUTION IN MODERN 
LITERATURE OF THE AMERICAS 10:00-
10:50 • . m. MWF In HL 11. Prof. Sylvia 
Wynt.,.. 

meetings 
SI,n up for tha VA Ho.pltel Volunt .. r 
prog,.m. 

Orientation meetln, on Sept. 30 at the 
VA Hoepltal. For further Information 
cell Alen at -'3224. 111301 

ALL INTERESTED WOMEN: Firat 
generel m .. tlng for the 1174-71 school 
y .. r .t the WOMEN'S CENTER U_.r 
Muir Commone' 7:30 p.m. this Thur-
sdey, Sept. 21th. 1174. 111211 

CALPIRG meetlng--tonlta 7 p.m. up-
.tel,. conference room. atudent c.nter. 
for Info. cell 412-8133 •• 11 welcom. 111211 

Und.rgradu.te Stud.nt Rec.ptlon w ith 
F.culty and Steff When: W.dnesd.y 
Sept.mber 26th. 1974 Time: 3:00 to 5:00 
p.m. PI.ce: HI.tory Dep.rtment, 6th 
floor H&SS. Muir c.mpus 

OASIS TUTOR MEEnNG Monday Sept. 
lOth at 7:00 p.m. In the Student Center 
Lou.,... Cell 412-3110 or Bid,. 210 
Matthewe Campu • . 11-301 

lectures 
Wadneadav. 7:311 p.m . • Seminar on 
"Hlatory of the Lutheran Movement," 
Unlverelty- Lutheran Church. _ La 
JoIle Shor .. Dr . • t N. Tor,.y Plnea Rd. 
F,.. 11-211 

Tonight. 7:30 p.m. - Seminar on " History 
of the Luth.r.n Movem.nt." at 
Unlverelty Luther1ln Church, .crON the 
str .. t from Rev .... College at the end 
of LJ.Shoree Dr. 111211 

plays 
S.mu" Beckett's ENDGAME opene 
Wad .• Sept. 21. and rune through Sept. 
21. Performanc •• re at 1:00 In UCSD I 
Theatre. Cell the Drama Departm.nt for 
additional Information . 11-27) 

notices 
Tour of the Clu.t., Undergradu.te 
Ubrary. 9 to 4 .nd 7:311 and 8:30 Mon .. 
Tu . .. end W.d. . Sept. Zl-2II. Tours 
begin .t the Ref.rence D .. k In Clu.t.,. 
191271. 

To help cut down on printing' COet8. 
cl •• If .. d ad. for UCSD studenta will 
cost 21 cents thl. VNr. Lost and found 
.lIs will rem.ln free. P.,.._I. will run 
onea and .11 other ad. will be printed 
twlc • . Forms .,. aval"" In the Triton 
Tlmn offlc.. Ade er •• ' .00 for non-
students. 

There Is .n orl.ntatlon tepe tour of 
the Cant,.1 U nlva,.lty Llbfllry for 
anyone who I. unfamiliar with the 
IIb,.ry. 111271 

WRITING CLINIC. '2M HL['., fIoo" 
_t sldel Appointments cen be mede 
by cellln" en. 2!S22 from J-4 dellv. [11271 

Ofllnte for graduate study abroad. 
Application forms may be obtained 

from the cempu. Fulbrl,ht Program 
Advl_ J .. n Fort. who I. locatad In 
OffIce of Ored.,.te Stud .... 211 Mat-
thew. Cempua. The d_dU,. for fllln, 
appllc:etl_ on tIIIa campu. I. 11 Oc· 
tober. 1.74. 110-141. 

PORTRAITS. COLOR OR BeW. You 
ChOON Mttin,. lneide or out. Creative. 
CHEAPI 4IJ.I72II 111271 

TYPIST. F .. t. 41 cente per pege. Cell 
4I3-1Z72. 111271 

Edltln", writln,,; eKP" help w YOU, ma, 
reaeen:h; MA En,,; freelence, full 0' pt 
time «J3-7120 [11301 

• The Blo-Chem Clinic la opan from 2 ... 
and 7-10 at Muir 28 1181 21 •. ~-3710. 
10 .... Offlcel. 110-41. • 

Audltlon./I! Th. Country Wif. ~ 
lreetoretlon comedyl on Thu,..y end'" 
Friday. Satp. 21" %1at7:OO p.m. In Bldg . • 
_ MC. For .ddltlonellnfor".tlon cell. 
4&2-3'11 or com. by the D,.me offlc •• 
1203 MCI. 11-271 • 

O8"'~' tutors now! '. 
If you hev. completed .. unite and • 

hev •• 2.' OPA lowar division meth or. 
.cl.nc. cours •• call 412·3710 or Bldg .• 
2IiO Manhews Cempus. 110-41. • 

• 0.... off.,. the following am.lI. 
groupe beginning 1-30: • 

RNdlng 111 meetln.,.1 
M&W ... :IO 
T & TH ... :10 

Note-Teklng II meetln.,.' 
M 10-10:10 
M 11·11:10 

Study Sklill 
TH 1:00 
TH2:OO 

,. 
• 
.. 

• 
• 
.. 

• 
• 
C 

coma to 2l1li MC or cell C-~ ~' : 
Inqulrl.s Ibout tha D.nforth • 
F.llow.hlps. to be _.rded bv the • 
D.nforth Foundetlon In March 1.,., s ... 
Prof. David K. Crowne. Dept. of. 
LIt.atu,.. H-L 1013. 1112111 .. 

films .. 
• 
.. ~P~~~:~TA~~' a.m .• - FOLK MASS All org.nlz.tlons thet expect funding BUNUEL - "E' " fI " Un Chlet! And.,ou" • 

8 30 d 6 and-or s-ce allocation from the ",un. the 21th 7:30 fI 9:30 USB 2722 75 • CAT~OL~CmM:~S p.m. - ROMAN, .tudent c:;:-op should aubmlt reque.ts c.nt. (9125) • 
5:30 p.m. - Supper for UCSD Lutherens .nd yearly r.,.gl.tflltlon to Sendr. • 

• History l1ZA. Economic LIfo) of Pre- at Unlve,.lty Lutheran Church. _ La St.rllne. Model Budgets. Guldelln... THIRD C~LLEGE IN CONCERT • 
.. Industrial Europe. 1000-f760, MWF. 10- UCSD Communications Bo.rd 12 noon, Jolla Shore. Dr .• we.t of UCSD. 1"271 .nd previously submlnad budgete .,. Local tsl.nt In • noon concert • • 
• 10:50 a.m. Dr. David R. Ringroae Friday. Septembar 27. In the Student obtslneble at the Student Centar. 12nd Sept. 21 •• t the Third Col .. ,. R.aldent ~ 
• . .. Dolores Avil. In the History Office. 'Organization Conf.rence Room . floorl . 6 cOpI .. of budget .hould be Halla. The community Is Invited to'" 
• fi02It H&SS for furthe r detell.. . econd floor Student C.nter." Triton Tim.. Clealfled Ad. Work! submlned prior to Oct. 4th. 110-41. an.nd. No coat. Cl/27) • 

• • 
............... ~ .............................................................. . 

. , ....................................................... advertisements for ou rselves ...... 
~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

for sale 

. '63 CHEVY BELAIR EX COND REBUILT 
• ENGINE GOOD TIRES PERFECT FOR 
• CONVERSION TO LOW RID E. CALL 
• 412.1112 [9 /271 
•• PLY 4s lRANS R HURST 4s. 83 PLY 
• XLNT RUf',NfNG CONDo XTRA GAS 
• TANK NE'A BRAKES WHEELS TIRES & 
.CLUTCH. f: qt.EMAN BACKPACKING 
• TENT. USE) ()NL Y ONCE. Cell 271-1020 
• "1Z71 

• Desk che/, _'vel, hl-bllelt, bleck vinyl. 
.chrom. bu e $30, lllue 1# III'Mn lemp 
."0. 452 .... 7 b/251 
• 
• LAFAYETOE LR -SOOT RECEIVER . 
• WHARFDHII W400 SPEAKERS 121. 
.GA .... AAC st. CHANGE .. , e2IO . .call 
.114341 llilil 

·ITK TAPE S. ALL BEATLES' TAPES 
.11U-n " .10 eech. Exc .... nt condition. 
.Cell Bob Z7Z-aoeo 111271 

• 
.1.1 MERCEDU IENZ DIESEL. 10DY. 
• PAINT. ENGINE GOOD, CONDo D. MPG 
.MPO.3Ic:enta a .. "on for .-1 .1100. 
• __ 11127) 

SURFBOARD 8' 11". no dings . • 30 good 
shepe. w/lea.h 763-8004 or s .. Geor,e. 
1247 Riner. S10 [9 /2111 

BLACK LIGHT - UV 15" tube., new. t6 
ea. J63-.IOO4 or s .. George. 1247 Riner, 
S10 (9/251 
NEW OVATION 12 STRING OUITAR& 
HARD CASE. .426 HANDMADE 
ROSEWOOD CLASSICAL GUITAR & 
CASE- PERF. CONDo .200 OR BEST 
SEAGULL III HANO-GLIDER & PRONE 
HARNESS & BAG. MIlO 7I6-G8OI 111211 

1. Toyote Corone Coupe .utom.tlc 
transml .. lon .750. -"171 evenln,. 
1112111 

<i.narel Z; ro 10lIO turnteble. It'. 1 year 
old and In cherry condo .120 or beet 
off.r. call neel __ 3141 1112111 

Columbl! Scientific Celc;ulltor like _ 
It, 1/ • • • , %; " . C.II Sencty. __ 
1112111 
Stereo p_er amp 200 wen ~ w warr 
t300 B & 03000 turnteble ., • . EPI SOS 
• 100 pelr ... .0123 111211 

wanted 

WANTED: Used COpy of Gen.,el 
Ganetlcs by SRII (All Me,k et 4111-0113 
[91271 

MARIJUANA RESEARCH - HEALTHY 
MALES 21 ·36 TO LIVE IN 94 CON-
SECUTIVE DAYS UCLA IPAYS ., 213-
826-0014 (P 10/111 

personals 

Greg. Lance MYS "Suck my bong." 
You' re a B Hoff. gorille--·TVIO (1/211 

DEAR " ROOMIE" 
Alohel Walcoma backl Then. a,eln 

for the Guava J.m Album. Love. 8 .8op 
1./2111 

EL CHUNKO LIVES ON 111211 

C.r pool frm Oc .. nsId.Carlebed .r ... 
m ·2IIa 111271 

car pools 

C.r pO,ol from MINIon Go". Rd. &' 
Hiw.y S. C.n drive part-time. Cell Mark 
283-1320. 111271 

e.r pool to UCSD from South Bav ."'. 
C.II 421-_ 111271 

housing 
". Each 2 girls to shere twln-beddad 
room. Pri. entfllnce.beth.nafrlg. Acroee 
from oe .. n. 8ho,... ~ blk to bu .. 414-
'. (1127) 

s.y, ..",.,.. I. H.,.,., Bloom's office' 
",II ".."., courter( of the TT 
Movln" Co. 

Need third pe,.on to shere two 
bedroom ept. In P.I . Own .. ,.. room 
.. per mo. H .. ther ___ 111271 

Roommate wanted .pt on beech In 
No.MINIon. _ per mo. IIIIIIudM ""'. 
Femele deelrecI. .. aa 1I!27l 

Cou .... or 2 F _ntad to .... unto Z 
Idrm. ept. .. Homblend Apt. K Z7Z-
1311 anytime ItI3It 

• 
• 
• Rmte. need.d to .here house 4 bd. ~ • 

beth.. Mission Bey 10 min. drlv. to .. 
UCSD. Own room .110 Call SUNn ...... 
0133 .X. 3 Ev.nlnga 7-10 p.m. 1112151 

• Mel. to she,. new townhoua. nr .. 
UCSD, ,rand plano. pool. with .. m • . • 
.110 month. m -lI31. IP ./Z7I • 
STUDENTS .71.00 up Incl. uhllltl .... 
linen •• pool. J.cuzzl, f,.. TV & movl.s • 
___ Ip 10/41 • 

Roommat. w.nted to shere 2 bearoom .. 
hou .. In Leucedle 1 block from beech • 
III,.. y.rd .'.43&-1217 • 

services • • 
• UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Con-. 

fldentlel counaellng, tree pregnene,. 
teeta. abortion" birth control ....." • 
BIRTH CONTROL INITlTUTE ___ 1 .. 
IP 1127) • 

travel • 
41 

EUROPE · ISMEl - AFRICA ltudent: 
fie ...... ..., rqutMI CONTACT: IICA 
_ U",-*, A-. .11 .... D",o .• 
CeIIf. 1I11111L: I714t • ..,. CJ11t .... 
- IP 11127t 41 
IIW Trw.I 0fIIae - 011 CAMPUI - . 

".73 YAMAHA .. 0·_ . IlOO ml.. MUSICIANS WANTED FO.. HA .. D- R.P.II_II feIn __ ~., WtIII to IUROPI. NY C ...... UCIO 1 .... 1 .. 
.,.-henlc-owned. mint cond., 7U-IOO4 ROCK·JAZZ BAND. CAll G .. EG at 412- c:.r pool, dowmowtt to UCSD, ~ ehere Apt w/2 F .-Ie _ rm .., uti C..ner 451 .. _ ,. .. M. W. , ONLY. 
, 1., .. Itter. S10 111211 ... 1I!27l 1»t:It. CMI ..... ."",.". ~/DJ Inc lor 21_ 27M_ eftr I ..,., 1ft 111Z7t ,. 

~ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 41 
Pale 8 Tri,ton Tifllft September 2S, 1974 


