
Leaflets, Deadwood Gone; Primary Today 
Thousands of political leaflets read and thousands 

more thrown away; California ends round one of its 
election sweepstakes today by eliminating the 
deadwood from the major parties in the statewide 
primary. All House and Assembly seats are up for 
grabs as well as half of the State Senate seats. In 
addition there are countless local issues to be 
decided in the form of propositions, judgeships, and 
constitutional offices 

Major interests in the 
: ampaign has focused upon 
the statewide constitutional 
offices, state propositions, 

• and the U .S. Senate seat. 
On Friday the Triton Times 
covered most of the races 
except governor and the 
fight for Proposition 9 . 

The Governor's Race 
attracted a record number 
of candidates as Ronald 
Reagan decided to his 
candidacy for President of Solo 
the nation instead of 
becoming embroiled in another four years of 
political 'warfare with the Democratic controlled 
legislature. 

Democrats have put up 18 candidates and 
Republicans six. The leading contenders for 

POLITICS: JAMES SOTO 
nomination in the Democratic party are Secretary of 
State Edmund G. Brown Jr., Assembly Speaker Bob 
Moretti, and San Francisco Mayor Joe Alioto . Other 
Democrats with an outside chance include 
Congressman Jerome Waldie, Regent William 
Matson Roth, and Los Angeles Supervisor Baxter 
Ward . 

Republicans will either nominate Lt Governor Ed 
Reinecke or State Controller Houston Flournoy. 

According to the latest Mervyn Field Californian 
Poll , the frontrunners in today's election are 
Democrat Brown and Republican Flournoy. Flournoy 
has moved ahead of Reinecke in the past few weeks 
as Reinecke has apparently been unable to fight the 
allegations raised in the ITT case. Although Reinecke 
has protested innocence, the indictments from the 
ITT affair have effectively ruined any chances the Lt. 
Governor had in getting nominated. Flournoy has 
raised nearly 10 times the amount of money scraped 
up by Reinecke and has showed himself to be an 
effective candidate in attracting all sorts of 
Republicans to his banner. Look for Flournoy to win 
big tonight. 

The Democratic primary has proved somewhat of 
a surprise in that there are eighteen candidates 
running, with seven of those running, well known 
and relatively strong; yet one candidate, Jerry Brown, 
has dominated the polls from the vp.ry beginn ing. 

times 

Brown is r celving his rough st competition from 
Mayor Joe Alioto and Speaker Bob MorettI. Currently 
Brown leads the pack with 34% of the voters polled 
Alioto trails a distant second With 16 % and Moretti 
follows With 14% 

The Triton Times saw Jerry Brown thiS past Sunday, 
and he acted and sounded lik a winner The a -

as ion was a picnic for Brown upporters at San 
Diego's Spanish Landing The whole affair could only 
be described as nonchalant. Here In San Diego, the 
third largest metropollton area In the state, was the 
leading candidate In the largest party, eating hot 
dogs with his faithful campaign workers on the 
Sunday b fore the election Brown's big supportf'rs 
were casually dressed as If Tuesday was a year away 
Ed Butl r, prominent San Diego Democrat who ran 
against Mayor Pete Wilson thr e years ago, was 
dressed In tennis togs and sang happy birthday to 
another local Brown supporter 

Floyd Morrow, longtime Councilman and Brown 
supporter, Introduced Brown by reminding all 
present how he supported hiS father , the former 
governor Brown gave a brief but sharp speech about 
the probable Republi can candidate Houston 
Flournoy . Brown attacked Flournoy for 
masquerading as a liberal but receiving support from 
Reagan supporters. Brown termed th Flournoy 
supporters as being Reagan 's " kitchen cabinet" 
Brown talked like Tuesday's election was a mere 

continued on a e 3 

Polls On Campus In 
Primary Election 

by Chris Rauber 

Volume 22, Number 19 UCSD Tuesday, June 4, 1974 
UCSD students who live 

on campus will be able to 
vote on campus in today's 
election , in marked contrast 
to the situation last 

4000-4999 must vote at th 
Conference Room In Blake 
Hall , on Revelle, a 5 
5999 vote at the garage of 

CALPIRG Requests TUSC Aid ovember 
I n that election many 

students had to vote at off-
campus polls , due to a 
mixup at the an Diego 
County Registrar of Voters 
Office 

by Wade Chandler 

Because of the failure of its spring quarter voluntary 
membership drive, CALPIRG has again requested 
financial support from The Undergraduate Student 
Council (TUSC) . 

A total of $8,300 is being sought for 1974-75 
operations. If granted, the funds will be allocated from 
the $6 per quarter student activity fee . CALPIRG 
received $3,630 in student activity fee money for 1972-
73, and $7,200 for 1973-74. 

The $8,300 total requ~t is composed of $6,000 for the 
1974-75 academic year, at the rate of 52,000 per quarter, 
plus an ~dditional ium of appt'QXimatelv 52,300 for 
operations this~~. Th~ .5l\fflmer fwnding r~est is 
presently beina.. CQJlsldered by a special temporary 
budget committee ~-!l5..C;~""""'ppropri.tion for 
next year will ~.~~.~~., ~..,~ by the ?tudent CQ()pe,ati~~, ~E~ II ~.4'· • : _. 
. The mef)Jb I'p plan; ." here ~for the fjrst 

time, ,..,as · , #mbAt'y __ 
membership' lees to efUnl_C"\tte need for ap-
propriations from stude,ll activity' fee funds . 110wever, 
despite a campus-wide~ campatgR and appeals for 
membership published in the Triton Times, the final 
figures from the cashier's officeindtcate a participation 
rate of only 21 .5 percent. 

As of May 1, a total of 7,159 undergraduate and 
graduate students had paid spring quarter registration 
fees . Of the e, 1,536 had paid the 5100 CALPIRG 
membership fee . The CALPIRG membership application 
was distributed to both graduate and undergraduate 
tudents. • 

Vince Schwent, a UCSD - graduate student and 
member of the CALPIRG boartt of directots, said in an 
interview Friday, "I was hoping for atound 50 to 60 
percent." He ~plained hi6 .• Optimisrn by saying, " We 
tried to make it ~.easy as ~lbl, tAt ~ay ~." The 
merobership • _i(;~ clTd wu. .. ,net '. . In the 

tudeF\t'~Ji~~ ' . ~~. IItG fft' , 

of 

" We've turned down 
Inquiries from KNf)C (.Los 
Angeles tl!4evision~) 

I" • II' I I 

cou ld be paid at the same time as the other registration 
fees, either separately or in the same check. 

Asked to comment on the actual returns, Schwent 
said, " I don't think there's another organization on 
campus that could have gotten 21 percent. " Based on 
the results of similar systems at other colleges, as well as 
the recent experience here, he now feels that "Optional 
funding at its best will only get you 25 or 30 percent." 

Schwent pointed out that about 2,000 tudents have 
their fees waived or paid by a scholarship. He feels that 
si nce these students did not have to send anything to 
the cashier's office, they were less likely to make a 
special effo.rt to return the CALPIRG card, and that this 
factor significantly detracted from the membership 
returns . ~ 

When asked why CALPIRG had decided to again seek 
an apptoJ)riation, after annoucing earlier this year that 
the ot'8cmtZMIof) would in tbe future be entirelv self-

. 

continued on pa~e 2_ • 

A spokeswoman for the 
Registrars Office said that 
the hange was made " to 
mak it mor convenient 
for the tudents " "We try Co 
put polls in public places," 
he said, "and It seems 

logical to have the polls on 
campus ." 

Students who live in the 
dorms have been assigned 
to polls by P.O . Box 
number. Those with No 

Who's Next? 
MC 702 , on Matthew 
Campus, and No 6000-6999 
vot at the Lower lOlln~e of 
the Muir Commons. 

In truct ions on where to 
vote are included in each 
voter's amole ballot 

< .. ~------------~----------------~~~~----------~----------------------------~~----
AS Will Decjde ·Plus-Minus Issue Today 

by Paul Osterman III 

Adoption or rejection of 
the plus (+) minus (-) 
grading sy tern will be 

COMMENTARY 
de ided by UC~D 
professors today in the la t 
Academic enate (A S.) 
meeting of th e year . 
Considered also will be a 
mandatory P/ NP grade for 

students responding to the Today will undoubtedly 
registrar's poll on the issue trike UCSD archives with 
prefer th present scheme Impact on stud nts, faculty, 
and wi h no change. Ap- and the administratIOn 
prOXimately 53% of Regaldle of A S action 
profe ors responding to a today , " The current 
poll conducted last year dilemma of pre sure and 
ranked the current UCSD academic compet i tion 
grading policy number 1 among students" will either 
from seven various options. remain at its prespnt tate 

All College Deans and or Increase, reportedly 
Provosts are adamantly "ali nating tudents and 
opposed t4.the plu /minus, p~ofesson . '" 

all 199 classes. 
Currently, 71 

in acldlt.. 0 members of The. outcome of the 
% of ~e P.sychologi · :· Couit- lneeting will illustrate the 

eling ~rvlceJ Chimce)k)r actual fJOwer student hokl, 
McElroy and Vice Chan- a~d wjll .~ hatter or 
cellor of Academit.. Affaif$ reinforce the contemporary 
Paul Saltman who believes reputation UCSD profe or 
" It' dreadf ... I:' • town !or "receptiveness" 

and ~SOO. "..atated Win TraCing t~ Pfogre~ of 
Cox, of PubiicAffairs. "And Speaking off the re,cord at the pILJS'/ minu5, the 

. we'JI tel i~ lie ~nlesl, we get an QQffl ~ P'Jb11c meeti"8 proposal reported Iy 
a _a~ readion than . with ·stuDnh l1':d tn~ :originated with Prafes or 
we've-lWld so. 1M." ChafICellor or:! Frilhty, .'I4ui[ lohn Thomas, CJt.airman· of 

"'W.e don't w~ (0 matte Co~.· • vOst . JoM the 1972 - 1973 CEP 
a ~ ttriPK if And 50 . ~~wartSa1. tNt 'the ClP 'thomas , current Iv on 
far the ~ of San Dieao (Committee Oft ~ucati~ academic leave, attitiDed 
a,ave had no reaction," Cox Policy) • nl>t "Teco"'- :'aculty opinion on The issue 
,.id. meACling ~roval of the through a poll onducted 

"MefII~ ami heroin .pl .. S/mi.ws f,4fature la t year. . ·poll wt.i<:tl 
..p"QbIenls cIont -"eet many ~, the results of aJso deah w"'ltb " other 
....... ·It _ ~s,,'t ) poll were a grading issue ,I' re eiv~ 

~.'" ': factor in the {;(P eecisiort 226 ~se from :I 
- U C~ 0 ~ r a dtl a t fe" ~tMW ·~· fa((Jtty ~t 'l8ppro Imately 

Ol>part~r1t of P5ychiatry, ~oval. The Tnton T;me 5JO The poll revealed 
Public AHairs, and)Ghn has learned hOwever that ow<> Ition numLenng 111 , 
Moxley, dean of the the i s\le must stitt bf,' and support of the 
p5vctliatty -department, presented and voted upon plu / mIOu feature b 115 
~ to av nOthing on by the A today The CEP profe' lior 
th Union's ""pose ox IS appar .. ntly ,ust loining A.. the figure indicate, 
'idid th.t Public Affair~ may tht> group of OPPO Ition to only cl slight maJority of 

continuefl en ~e 1 the pili mlnll tho"f' \\ ho rp.,ponded WE're 

In favor of the pius/ minUs 
Thusly, th CEP did not 
Incorporate a plu / mlnu 
cheme Into It grading 

proposal However th 
entire propo al was rejected 
by the 1972 - 1973 A 
because It lacked a 
pius/ minUs clause 

Or. Leonard Newmark 
1973 - 1974 CEP chairman 
" Inherited" the propo al 
from former ChjlJrman , 
?rofessor Thomasj wh o , 
recommended appr<wal of 

·a pf~lMt~:.nerel 
to ano~ ":5" -dI!oc:lsion 
N wmarl(' "eEl' lormulated 
an entire proposaltiocludlng 
a plus/ minu ~ chemf' , 
rKOa'lmendi jfl5 . ~al 
at an :April 30 S Meeting 

No udenl 
.fttptrt hail · . ,. r~ at 
·this pOint RNi tht the 
A ademlc , t>nate 
recomniltted ~ ~i' 
to the CiP, ... ~ 
to gain tudent Input: and 
re ubmlt. the prOQ06,il '" 
~UM ' ' -. 

iet en aft 
~and 

.. .J , . " " " ; .. ~ ~~J~· ~· ·.·~he"~ 

," 



Good, Good Burgers 
I suppose it is better to display prejudice, if it has to 

exist, than to try to hide it . Therefore, I will admit that it 
offends me when the stuffed bell peppers I'd tried to 
avoid in the Muir cafeteria confront me 'on special' in 
the Five and Dime twenty minutes after lunch ends 
upstairs. 

And furthermore, whether or not I believe what he 
whispered slyly to me about the fat and soy content of 
the UCSD Food Services grade of ground beef, you can 't 
get a better burger on campus than the ones Holly 
Holmes serves at his Coffee Hut. 

Holly, who has been in food services at UCSD since 
1967, now runs the Hut, north of Revelle in the woods, 
and the Scripps and Medical School snack bars, and 
runs them independently o f Larry Barrett's food ser-
vices. 

In terms of food, Holly has a scrapbook containing 
nearly hysterical praisings o f his cooking by everyone 
from Navy generals t o Haro ld Urey. The food is good . 

And no w, Holly tells me, they want to close down the 
Coffee Hut as soon as Step " of the Student Center, and 
its snack bar, are complete. And. although Holly says 
he's been told he wou ld be in charge of the .student 
Center facility, and he has no reason to doubt it at t his 
point, he doesn't want to give the Hut up. 

As he talked to me, whatever journalistic instincts I 
have nagged at me to get on the horn to the food ser-
vices people to be overwhelmed by tales of horror and 
operating deficits. That was before Holly had his master 
chef prepare a sample hamburger for my cohorts and 
me to divvy up . It was amazing. 

So I to ld my inst incts to shut up and l isten . 
" Listen," said Ho lly. "W hy don't you ask the 

professors where they eat at this school? Right here, 
that 's where. And they sure aren' t goi ng to go to the 
student center." 

Obviously, Holly's food would be just as good 
anywhere he had to cook it. The quest ion is at-
mosphere. 

When you eat at the Coffee Hut, you can nestle under 
a speaker, or in a little nook with a f loor-to-ceiling 
window and a green, woodsy view. Or you can sit 
outside. The eucalyptus trees surround the open end of 
the patio, and there are tables under them . The birds 
hop lip, and almost eat the french fries out of your hand. 

And , after all , there is some value to having to walk 
for five minutes to lunch after working in a laboratory 
all morning . And not having to stand assembly-line 
style , watching your soggy BL T get slapped together . 
And just being able to sit outside and breath until your 
meal is ready. 

Although I can only list the advantages of the Hut 
over existing on-camplis alternatives, I suspect I would 
still prefer It even if the Student Center snack bar were 
situated in a revolving tower , offering French Cuisine, a 
commanding view of the Western United States, and 
those absurd little dinner mints. 

As would, I report, about 1100 other people, the 
number thdt have signed a petiti n in the last week to 
ke p the Coffee Hut and to hell with the Student Center. 
(That's more people than signed petitions to dump 
DaVid Buchbind r, or that signed p titions to put David 
Hu hbinder back again . Cood, good hamb urgers.) 

And though Holly expects more signatures he feels he 
already has his mandate. 

" All I want to do is keep my places, feed the people, 
and be competitjve." He said he suspects people in high 

place~ are upset becau e the Coffee Hut might be 
drawing p ople away from the other facilities . 
" [veryone likes it here, because It's a little different." 

Just before we left, Holly told us about his new 
~andwirh , the Coodman Delight, dedicated to the 
outgoing Reve ll e provost (whose name, by the way, was 
Ihp first on one of the petitions . Holly showed everyone 
of thpm to me ) 

" That's frPOth loaf. cut lengthwise and chopped up, 
lour ounces of prime rib, and a quarter of a big kosher 
dillon th side, for $145. I ate the same sandwich at a 
fI'\taurant yesterday for $4 50 

" I thnk it'll se ll .. 

Aid for CALPIRG 
continued from page 1 
~uff l clent . Schwent repll d , "We had to do it." He in-
d,lat·d that the group would be crippled if limited to 
the rr mbership fee income aVdilablc unriPr the present 

• ~ystem . On the question of the legitimacy of taxing th 
pntin <a.udent body for support via the student activity 
f('e, vh!'n only one student in five has demonstrated 
activ.' support for CALPIRC. Schwent feels that "Taxes 
are nJ! coercive as long as t hey go for projects that a id 
the r,ublic welfa re" 

Schwent summed up his feelings on the whole 
funding situat ion by sayi ng, 'A core of us have to run 
around hasseling a bunch of bureaucrats so that the rest 
of us can work on useful pro lect s." As a further example, 
hp said that t he group IS ti ll haVing trouble with the 
(ashier's o ffi ce. wh l h wants to tollect thC' CALPIRC fee 
only once a y dr 

On thE' futur('. Schwent said that "Wf' are trying to 
~IV(, Ihp ~tlldl'n t ,oml'!hing for hi dollar." One im-
portant pro ject for next fall Wi ll be the ~ett lOg up of a 
group legal services contract wi th a local law f irm, to 
prov ldp a l e~a l w rvi( E'S package to CALPIRG ml>mbers 

Palle 2 Triton Times, June ], 1974 

Mandeville Center: 10.-Year Dream 
by Chris Rauber 

Ten years ago Dr. John 
Stewart h ad a dream. When 
the Mandeville Center 
officially opens in early 
March next year that dream 
will be a reality . Ten years 
of hard work, painstaking 
planning, and frustrating 
delays will have paid off at 

John Stewart 

last. 
In an interview with the 

Triton Ti mes, Dr . Stewart, 
Chai rman of the Fine Arts 
Bui lding Comm ittee and 
the Provost of M ui r College, 
spoke in glowing terms of 
his pet project . 

I'm delighted that the arts 
are going to have the 
faci l it ies they so deserve," 
he said. W ith an eye 
towards the future, he 
added th at, "we recognize 
that th ey are so dynamic 
that they are going to need 
a lot more in the very near 
future ." 

Stewart hopes to see the 
fine arts program expand 
and improve due to in-
teraction between the 
various disciplines in the 
new central location . "The 
xcitement generated wi ll 

be beneficia l to t he who le 
campus," he said. He sees 
the interaction between 
student artists, staff, and ' 
the campus commu nity as a 
very dynamic pro ess . "The 
arts prosper in the presence 
of an audience and students 
gain immense l y f rom 
contact with t h e ar ts 
outside of class," according 
to Stewart. He pointed out 
that students get va luable 
feedback from exh ibiting or 
perform ing thei r wo rk, and 
that t hey gain from having a 
chance to view o r hear t he 
creative work of t he staff . 

The $5 .2 mi llio n Center's 
facilities will incl ude office, 

MAKE 

classroom, and studio space 
for the Departments of 
Music, Visual Arts , and 
Drama, as well as a 900-seat 
auditorium. 

The new multi -purpose 
auditorium would also 
promote interaction in the 
art s, Stewart said. It could 
serve as a major lecture hall 
and as a theater where 
musical or dramatic 
;:>roductions could be 
p e rformed . Stewart 
suggested that it would be 
particuliarly appropriate for 
events tailored for the 
whole San Diego com-
munity, including the 
Mandeville lectures. 

Planning for the Man-
deville Center began in 
1964, when Dr . Stewart 
cam e to UCSD from 
Dartmouth College, where 
he had established the 
Hopkins Center for the Arts. 

, But be fore serious 
planning could begin, a fine 
arts program had to be 
developed at UCSD. When 
first faculty arrived in 1966, 
pl anning began in earnest . 
But as the faculty and the 
student body grew and 
chan ged, the building plan 
had to be modified. For 
example, the original plans 
di dn't allow enough space 
for graduate students, a 
problem which still hasn' t 
been complete ly corrected . 
M andevil le Center plan s 
also had to be mod ified 
when it was d iscovered that 
.., Ians for a theatre and arts 
fo un da t i on 800 -seat 
aud itorium to be located o n 
a site just so uth of campus 
had been scrapped. 

The major roadblock to 
the Center's co mp letion 
over the past ten years has 
been funding . It has always 
been low on the UC's l ist of 
priorities, accordi ng to Dr. 
Stewart, and it's fu ndi ng 
was cut off altogether from 
1970 to 1973, as part of a 
UniverSity-wide cut off of 
fu nding for cap ita l 
development . 

Because of the fundi ng 
prf)blem, the o riginal target 
date for com pletion, 1970, 
had to be moved up to 
1975, when the bui ld ing wi II 
off icia ll y open . However, 
actual construct ion wi II be 
fin ished by next fa ll, and 
faculty members wi ll begi n 
moving in at that time. 
Some publ ic activities wi ll 
begin in January, and t he 
grand open ing wi ll take 
place in March. 

YOURVW 
STREAK ... 

••• 

.... ring it in for a 

. 

. .. ' 

$I4.95 TUNE-UP 
THAT INCLUDU 'OINT5 I 'LUGSl 

Idual cO, .... , •• Orl I , ... 1 i " i ••• io", •• 'r., 

• 
• 

238-1161 

2355 INDIA 
lI<'Iwef'fI Hawthorne and 

The funding problem was 
resolved, and Dr. Stewart's 
dream realized largely 
because of the generosity of 
philanthropist Ernest W . 
Mandeville. When the state 
would only provide funds 
for a 500 seat auditorium, 
M andeville contributed 
more than S2SO,OOO to see 
to it that the auditorium 
would have the 900 seats 
that were needed. 

The Fine Arts Building 
was named after Man-
deville "because of the 
many gifts he gave to 
UCSD, especially to the 
library and the med . 
school ", Stewart said. 

St ewart ca lled him a 
personal friend and a great 
friend of UCSD, and of 
higher education in general. 

The Center was designed 
by A . Quincy Jones and 
Associates of Los Angeles. 
It is being constructed 
under the supervision of 
UCSD architect Don 
McCartey by the Nielson 
Construction Company o f 
San D iego . The architect 's 
designs were approved by 
Stewart, representatives of 
the three departments 
involved, the c ampus 
Planning Committee, 
Chancellor M cElroy, and 
the UC Board of Regents. 

The Mandeville Center 

Mandeville died in 1970, And , according to John 
"bu t he did see a fine scale Stewart , who has watched 
model of the center and his dream gradually take 
was very pl eased that it shape, " they've done an 
would carry his name." excellent job." 

pacilie Ifmsle,n lou,s 
SUMMER ADVENTURE 
A Historical Fun & Sun Fiesta! 

MEXICO'S 
MAYALAND 

Departs Sat. June 22 & 29 I 
TABASCO • CHIAPAS 

CAMPECHE • YUCATAN 
II'~;~:~~~:;;;~:;~;Q~'I 

• EDZNA • KABAH • UXMAL • I DZIBILCHALTUN " MAYAPAN • ACANCEH I 
I AND CHICHEN IlZA, plus Mellico's historic I 
I cities of ViJlahermosa, Campeche, Merida & I 
I Valladolid - AND 2 GORGEOUS DAYS IN I 
I THE CARIBBEAN HIDEAWAY ISLAND OF I 
I ISLA MUJERES! I 
I 10 DAYS $409 I 
.---------_________ J 
THESE JUNE DEPARTURES ALSO FEATURE OUR 
SPECIAL TOURS THAT CONCENTRATE ON 
YUCAT AN It's Outstanding ArchaeolOlic:a1 
Zones-PLUS MERIDA AND A CHOICE Of THI 
CARIBBEAN ISLES Of ISLA MUJERES .. CONZUMEL, 
OR OUR FLY/OliVE PACKAGE. 

10 DAYS From $349 
LIMITED SPACE AVAILABLE 

Cau 233-5241 Now! 
Padfk Wfttent Toun, .25 Iroadway, San Dieto mt1 
... ---------------------------AM. __________ CtIY ____ _ 
,. T ... .... _____ _ 
D ....... _________ T ..... DetI _ _ _ 

Assorted Goings On 
Isotol 

Primary Summary 
continued from page 1 

'Local Ma •• age Parlor' 
The UCSD Art Callery will present "The Local 

Massage Parlor," a video and performance art show 
compiled by femi('list artist Eileen Criffin. The show will 
be presented on Monday night, June 10 at 7:30 p.m. at 
1260 Humanities Library Building at Revelle . 

Poker 
formality. Alioto and Moretti were not even m n-
tioned in his speech even though Alioto and Moretti 
have personally attacked Brown for refUSing to 
debate ei ther of them again . Earlier In the campaign. 
Brown debated with MorettI. The general consensus 
was that Brown came off as the 10sf'r.Though Brown 
has been hard hit by the events of the past few weeks 
he has weathered the storm and continues to look 
like the candidate to beat in the today's primary My 
prediction ' Brown will win In a squeaker though a 
low turnout may swing it to either Moretti or Alioto 

A v ideo documentary, "Sitting on a Fortune," consists 
of interviews with San Diego masseuses, clients, City 
Counc ilpeople and Vice Sguad. It explores the in-
terdynami cs of those directly and indirectly involved 
with the massage parlor business. The show will also 
include a presentation of massage as a sensu I art. 

" Thi s piece developed from the viewpoint of 
masseuses," explains the artist . " The probe does not 
pretend to offer a solution but merely to question the 
product of the interrelated soc io-systems o f sexism and 
capitalism. " 

Methadone Clinics 
TT Editor-in-chief David Buchbinder and the 

Chancellor, their differfllces apparently resolved, 
played poker during the Gay Nineties weekend. 

Proposition 9 started out as a tame little Politi cal 
Reform measure but as more people read the 
measure more people deCided to vote against the 
measure . As of now support and opposition to the 
Reform initiative has crossed party lines There ha~ 
also been a lot of vacillation on the Issue as 
politicians and ci tizens alike can 't deCide what the 
implication of the measure m ight be Two months 
ago I would have thought that PropoSition 9 would 
have won in a walk . Today I find that more and more 
people are deciding to vote agai nst the measure or 
won't vote at all. Prop. 9 could run Into the same 
problem as the ill-fated tax reform initiative Prop 1 
last November. People are fed up with haVing to read 
long and poorly written laws that are found to have 
large loopholes the day after the election Predic-
tion : Prop 9 will lose if there is a small turnout today. 
A large turnout will help the passage of the initiative 

continued from page 1 advocates counseling and 
re lease a statement this vocational train ing. 

According to Buchbinder, the Chancellor won 
between two and four dollars, while, the editor won 
$].50. 

Lettering on the Chancellor's visor read "Checks 
payable to W.D McElroy." week. 

By that t ime, enough 
ma n-power Cdn be 
orga ni zed to formulate a 
rep ly, Cox stated . Several 
members of the p sychiatry 
department are on leave of 
absence, inc luding Dr . 
Arnold M andell , professor 
of Psychiatry. He does 
resea rc h work o n heroin 
treatment for the cli nic. 

Cox gave two reasons for 
the no- omment st and. 

rirst , the state govern-
ment and the coun ty have 
already sent investigating 
teams to the cli n ic. They 
gave the clinic a sl ightly 
above average rank ing . 

Gordon lester, o ne of the 
~tate pharmacists i nspect ing 
the eh nic, and o ne of the 
main sources for the Union 
stories, s nt a con fidentia l 
report to the Board of 
Consumer Affairs on Dec 
14. 1973. In it he stated that 
the clinic was "a complete 
failure ." 

But Cox feels that this 
lone report agai n t the 
clinic. by a state pharmacist, 
will have little bear ing on 
the c l inic' s pro f essional 
image . 

Second , Cox quest ioned 
the sign if ica nce of 
statements made by Dr. 
Donald Schwerdt feger, who 
works with heroin add icts at 
Vista Hi ll· Psyc h ia tr ic 
Ho pita l in Chula V ista. 

chwerdtfeger stated in 
the Union article t hat the 
program benefits 99 per 
cent of the UCSD staff, but 
only one per cent of the 
patients . He disagrees with 
the c l in ic's approach to 
curing heroin addi ction by 
chemica l trea tm ent . HI' 

.. teillohed ,.-

eonv."i"le toP 
... ,.nd 100000U eov." 
.. f.tyb ........ d ..... 

. OI'EIUATIJ:AO.A\' 

.. ~.-. 

... ., .. " .. CO~" I 
.... _111"_ ce ... M 

24 .... ....... f •• - -o... . ~ "'I . 
CHAIILlS 

S IEAT COVlII CIENTlII 
4410 u.mont PKlftc Booch 
la . tw • • n G,.nd & 0., .... 1 

II 

Cox believes that ob-
servations of a si ngle doctor 
are not enough to convince 
the profeSSional commun ity 
that UCSD is " blowing 
mo ney" at the cli nic . 

FOTT Banquet Some of the local races of interest include two 
County Supervisor races. The county Supervisor IS 
the most powerful political entity in any county In 
the North County, Lee Taylor IS running for re-
election against six other candidates . Taylor, a 
conservative, will probably find hiS maiO, com-
petition In Mickey Fredman, who IS consll' 'red a 

Cox d id not comment on 
two other cri t icisms cited in 
the Union artic le. 

Joseph H . House, 
supervIsing agent of the 
D epar tme nt of Jus t ice's 
Bureau o f Narcot ics En-
forcement in San Diego, 
stated that t he clinic " was 
not worki ng." 

" Pushers and dealers hide 
beh ind the program," he 
stated. "But the law forbids 
a wholesa le bus!. " 

Nor did Cox reply to 
Lewis Judd, M D" acting 
chai rman of the psychiatry 
department, who pointed 
out difficulties addicts have 
in enrolling in the program 
designed to help them , 

In addition , county 
auditors will soon submit a 
report to the Board of 
Supervisors on the clinic 's 
operat ions. Th is inquiry was 
sparked by Lester's con-
fidential report. 

Patrick D i llon, Union 
reporter who wrote the 
articles, made the following 

continued from page 3 

The Triton Times' 1974-75 
edi t ors were installed 
Sunday at a banquet at the 
Coffee Hut, sponsored by 
the Fr iends of the Triton 
Times (FOTT) . 

The new organ izatior, 
held Its first gathering in 
honor of the new editors 
and outgoing n editor-in-
chief. 

The TTs first editor and 
founder, Renney Senn, said 
the new group will seek 
members from former staff 
members, present students, 
faculty and staff, citizens in 
the community and 
members of the San Diego 
media . 

Senn said the purpose of 
FOn is to provide " moral 

support" to the n , sponsor 
workshop to Improvp and 
" professional ize"the paper 
and hold periodic social 
events, such as Sunday's 
affair 

He aid fund for the 
group will come from $10 
annual m mberslps . The 
money will be kept separate 
from TT a caunts and be 

expended for various ac-
tivit ies throughout the year . 

This summer, he said 
officers of the group will b~ 
chosen, bylaws written and 
a schedule planned for next 
year's activities . 

liberal. 
continued on page 10 

QUALITY LIVING 
AT AFFORDABLE PRICES 

PLUS all the social adva ntages of being among fri ends, con\lenient for dating . 

EXCEPTIONAL recreational faci li ties: clubhouse, large cooed sauna, heated pool 
and heated th erapeutic whirlpool. Movies and transportation, too! 

... 

All apartments and studios fully furnishe d including phone, T.V. , kitchen and 
kitchen uten si ls. Private patios and spacious grounds. 

PRIVACY'QUIETNESS'RELAXATION 
APPLY NOW FOR FALL RESER VATIO . 755-6666 

Anatomy of a Root 
Fine Canadian Leathers 
The son skinS are naturally 
finished. so In Root~ ~'Ou'lI 
look as good as \<OU feel . A nd 
because Rools are designed 
and made nghl here In 
Canada. \<Ou needn 'l pay 
Ihrough Ih 'nose for \<Ourfeel 

Rock"r 011' 
III" ,,<Hur.,1 ~llId >!.~l.\.e lqhl ' ~ 
11'10\.')'" from 1 e ht(·1 ',,10(;9' 
Ih., oull'r "d~"f Ih\! fnol 
Ihen c!lagnn~tl" .)(I<h- In Ih l' 
t"'lln '. ",,11I(h ~PIIII\l' ~<lll off 
on ,,'Olir ned hlp R noh ";, 
Hi, k"1 . ,,,I hclp' 1111' ,1>1[1 11. ; • 
Wl'I'jhl. Ill, I klllll ~"'I'\ /nol 
,,"" IU~I , hll 'I"" linn,! 

Opening July 1st 111216 Prospect Sf. 
La lolla , Calif, [714 1459·3611 

~uppon(>d I\r h 
I hl' (It\'" "'ldl'\, ..1lk ( 111 h" It 
fl'.ll (\feh 1' IH.'Il)\' .. \Ild 1.1It"',, 
tlrdw~ hul1 HtH )I" .1h", on 
{our"ti ,.; "I\IJlT'\.Irt!lw ,m II 
tmdth\· ... mdil ",''v .. " bt.'t\l"t·" 
tll·l til ... of \tlllr kl'f 

Vi i I O~r ot""" lore al 
10909 Kinross Ave. 
Westwood Village 

\ 

I\'(~'wd 111.',,1 
\1 Ilk I .... t! d .md V~)lH hu.1 
\.\'" \ \\t.' th,-' 4.h't',w,t p.ilt of 
\"lHJlllMJlpUlll II 1l0tUJ~t4 

I , .. I.. I • 

L,lld .... 1.)11 '-'C)u; h,'l') Com",:p' 
tl()r",l..,h(Jl~ t'\:1'0 10\.1. 
hn ':l·d ,ht:.·... 1i11,-" f( 1N. .. n I 
.... d Chall'll' \')\1' 0."1{ P<'" 
lUI<' I" H"Oh U, th' I ,Ink, 
Ifill)" i.lunft)rt.,t,l, " ...... 
Ij1\1tl~~ )U d II.JlllJd ·,.I,k m 
,m, klll<l hi _Ulf .. I 

PaRe 3 Triton Time , Jun .. 3, 1974 
, I " II ,'n,1l II II I 



OPINION UCSD Prof 
Synthesizes Students 

by Malcolm Smith 

La lolla, Ca . (UFP) Dr 
Urey, Emeritus professor at 
UCSD. ha~ been ~uc­
ce~sfully synth~sillng 
Revelle college ~llIdent~ for 
the past four years. It was 
revealed yesterday 

"The Original Idea." said 
Dr. Urey, speaking to a 
grou p of about 25 
newsmen , "ca me about 
during an emergency 

meeting with the provost of 
Revelle CollegE' four years 
ago when Revelle was in 
urgent nt'ed of morE' 
~tudents I n order to t'cure 
fed ral aid Rdther than 
laun h an expensive drive 
to gain more apph ants. we 
decided to make our own 
Home grown, as It were." 

The project was up-
ported by a grant from the 

Letters 
The oPInione .. pNlMd on mle 

..... do not --nty NfIect the 
vIewa of .... Triton TI...... Sub-
m\tt.e! artie ... and lette .. to the 
editor muat be typad, double 
speced. and preferebly uae a sixty 
character line. Lette .. longer than 
280 words .re lubject to editing. 
Space limitation. prevent the 

prlntin~ of all article. and letters. 

Disenfranchise-
ment 
Editor. 

'YOU KNOW HOW WI OOT OUT Of VIITNAM' .•• WILL, WI'II ALSO OUT Of US Postal Service, who saw 

The annual assault on 
student voting rights is 
under way again this year 
As em~ly Bill 3458 has been 
introduced and sent to the 
Elections and Reap-
portionment Committee . It 
would require students who 
are claimed by their parents 
for income tax purposes to 
register to vote at the 
parents' address. 

THI MIDDLI lAS'" r------------, an enormous potential in '---------------~------------' Uruguay News the idea . The process, 
Vote No on 9 

by Linda Paquette 
Editor's Note: 
Linda P.quette is the San Diego Director 
of FRONT LASH, • IYtional youth group 
organized to incruse voting par-
ticipation of yopng p~ple, working 
people and minorities. 

judicial body of enormous power. It can 
subpoena people and " any additional" 
information necessary for its inquiries . It , 
can force people to testify against 
themselves (Sec. 83229) in violation of 
the Fifth Amendment. It is responsible 
for keeping track of a political in-

I formation data bank and " regulating" 
pol itical activity in the state. Any group 
spending over $250 " or more in value" in 
any month to influence legislative or 
administrative action· including " urging 
other persons to enter into direct 
communication with any elected state 
official , will be required to file 
statements with the Commission con-
taining among other things. membership 
lists and financial records of the group " 

[Reprinted from LA Times) 
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay 

(A P)--P resident Juan M . 
Bordaberry says the 
government plans to fire all 
university staff members 
who cannot prove 
" noteworthy democratic 
affiliations." He called on 
un iversity officials to 
cooperate with military and 
police intelligence services 
in an investigation of the 
faculties and other staff 
members. ' . 

Observers assumed that 
Marxists are the target of 
the purge. But Bordaberry 
also outlawed a right-wing 
organization named 
Tradition, Family and 
Propriety, charging that it 
wa an extremist group 

described by Urey as "very 
si mple" involves making a 
paper-mac he mould and 
filling it with organic wilste 
from the UCSD cafeterias 
and dorms. This is allowed 
to ferment for a few weeks 
in an amonia and methane 
atmosphere. "very much 
like that used in the syn-
thesis of amino acids . 

Dr . Urey refused to reveal 
the identity of the 'students' 
or the exact number in-
volved . "They have a slight 
odor," commented Dr . 
Urey, " but they are virtually 
indistinguishable from 
other students at this 

continued on page 10 

This bill is an incredibly 
obvious attempt to 
disenfranchise students . 
Thousands of students are 
claimed by their parents 
throughout their un-
dergraduate years . The 
effect would be to disperse 
the student vote over the 
state so as to make 
orgap i zationa I efforts 
impossible . This would 
mp"n an pnci to the 

continued on page 10 

triton times 

The influence of Big Money on our 
political system will not end with Prop. 9. 
It in no way limits the amount of money 
that may be contributed to a candidate. 
Common Cause, the major proponent of 
Prop . 9, and the AFL-(IO can agree on 
one thing : that public fl nancing is the 
only way to effectively reduce the 
corru pting influence of Big Money over 
public policy . Yet Prop. 9 contains no 
provisIOn for publiC financing . In arguing 
against an initiative for public financing, 
a Common Cause memo tated that " any 
such proposal before the voters would be 
doomed to failure Explaining that. In the 
long run, publiC financing will save the 
taxpayer money IS too sophisticated an 
argument for the public to understand .. 

The detailed statement includes the '-------------1 Editor in Chief David L. Buchbind r Sports Editor \:ric Rai~ter 

Under Prop 9 anyone who is on salary 
and spends a " regular or substantial " 
portion of his time influencing legislative 
or administrative action IS considered a 
lobbyist. This person must register as a 
lobbyist and may not make or arrange for 
any contributions to candidates . But an 
enormous loophole leaves "volunteer 
lobbyists" unregistered, and free to lobby 
and contribute money without any 
limitations . A ';.volunteer lobbyist" would 
include the wealthy individual who owns 
a business and gains its profits. but is not 
" employed" by that business. He and his 
super-rich neighbors will stil l be free to 
contribute as much money as thev want 
to any or all candidates since Prop . 9 
places no limits on campaign con-
tributions. 

On the other hand. Cesar Chavez, the 
head of the Farmworkers Union, will be 
sev rely restricted. As the elected 
representative of the farmworkers, he 
spends time trying to influence ad-
ministrative and legislat ive action. 
conce rning such things as the banning of 
certai n 'pesticides . As an employee of the 
Farmworkers Union, Cesar Chavez will be 
defined as a lobbyist and will be 
prevented from making contributions to 
those legislators who have supported the 
farmworkers Keep in mind these are 
vol untary $1 and $2 contributions raised 
from thousands of farmworkers . Only by 
pooling their money together can farm-
workers hop to match the economic 
power of the wealthy grower. Under 
Prop '1 th r;ch grow r can lobby 
" voluntlr'ly" a ll he likes and still give 

( ampal ~~ contributions of any amount. 
It harn y seems fair to the poor farm-
worker whose only chance to effect 
'Of lety Iq through hiS union leaders 

Frightening 
ow fOr the rally tngntellill g J~ p<>rt 

ot Pror I The enforcement of the act 
Ii ('s In dle hands of a five mpmber 
(ommiJs lon, the Fair Political Prac.tice~ 
(f)mm,sslon The Commiss ion IS ap-
pOln wd by 4 (' Iected offlC lals, With no 
m rJr(' than 1 bplng of th(' sam£' pdrty 
I hf' r!' " re Virtually no qlJdllfl(atlon~ to b(' 
on thi S ( ommltt(>(' and tht'r£' IS no adv l~(' 
,inri «()n~l'nt o f thl' appolntC'Ps by an y 
ot hf'r brtlill h fi t ~Olif' r n m(' nt I hI' (hp( b 
.1I1d 1.11, nr l'~, whl! h IS thl' h,I~" (It our 
politIC ,\1 W tl'lll, IS ITll'\1I11; It " 
r£"p(,fl ,nl,' t,) no On .. Ilwy \\ill,nl,'rpff·t 

ho I If' \ 11)1. tlOIl of I'rop 'I 'ildrt ng In 
"( I \\ 1\ I I " I III d t I 'It <IYN I 

1 I 

purpose of the group and all mea ure 
the group is supporting It Includes " any 
other Information" required by the rules 
of the commiSSion . That means the 
comml slon can noop Into the f inances 
of virtually every person that announces 
a political opinion . That includes ad-
vocates of such controverSial issues as 
legalizing marijuana, abortion , gay 
liberation, etc . This will inhibit, not 
enhance, grassroots political par-
ticipation . 

In withdrawing his previous en-
dorsement of Proposition 9, State 
Senator George Moscone state: " The 
Commission's ability to collect and ' 
permanently maintain the names of each 
private citizen who contributes to each 
campaign is frightening . Potential abuse 
of such power and opportunity for 
misuse is less than comfort ing. It is clear 
from experience that ahsolute control of 
the CommiSSion would be gained by 
politicians of one party and used . to 
harass or Intimidate members of another 
political party. That would be intolerable 
to a fair two-party system ." 

Already is Law 
Two thirds of Prop. 9 is now California 

law. This includes the Waxman-Dymally 
Campaign Disclosure Act and the 
Moscone Conflict of Interest Act, laws 
which Common Cause supported and 
praised highly. Prop. 9 will add nothing 
to California Campaign Reform Laws 
except a lobby ist law with a big hole in 
the middle, and an regulated 5 person, 
politically appointed commission which 
both liberals and conservatives agree 
could be the ce nter of political 
corruption in the years ahead. The ACLU 
has refused to come out in favor of Prop, 
9 because the bill rests on extremely 
shakey constitutiona l grounds. George 
Moscone and Willy Brown have spoken 
out against it along with the California 
Federation of Teachers. 

Who Spent More 
The proponents of Prop 9 havp spent 

$1 ,252,000 as compared to the $105,000 
~pent by the opponents One ~upporter 
of Prop ') gavp $25 ,000 as compared 10 
the $4 3,000 Iclbor h"s ~pent dgaln~t th· 
InltldIIV(' Wllh ~o much mon!'y bing 
~ pe n t by II, ,upporters you wond'r who 
will f(·ally bf'npfit If Prop 9 pa~s E'S 
MI( hac' l Wdl~h, ("llIo rnla Chairman of 
( ommrJn (dUW Wd~ r('«'ntly quoll'd 10 

~d n lJ ll'lir) M .I/.;d/lnf' d ~ 'dyln~, "Wl'll 
( o n ll' filii " I I h I' ('ro po< I I IOn ') (,lmpd Ign 
\\I th a (atl'll l (JIg,lIl1,atlllll, 1<)( ally .lOcI 

I 1('\0\ I( " '\rld hy it \ (oIr frun, nov, 
(J'TlllO 1 ( ,Ill" auld bl'( OI1lP the 111 I 
PO\'. 'rllII politIC I I'H( ( III ("lifornl<l" 

<:onlinlll'd o n J),l ge fU 

Special 
Summer Tours 

Managing Editor 
Michael Sesma 

Science 
John Snod~iass 

i ' 

To MEXICO'S 
MAYAlAND 
YUCATAN 
Absolutely 
Fantastic! 

I, ' " ' 

City Editor 
John H Taylor 

Copy Editor 
lames G. Sot a 

Business Manager 
Rue Hinton 

Editorial Director 
Philip Protter 

Arts Editor 
Larry Deckel 

Photography Editor 
Malcolm Smith 

Secretary 
Corrine Cacas 

Associate City Editors 
Rick Drom 

Chris Rauber 
David Cassidy 

Asst. Managing Editor 
Ed Simo[ls . 

Asst. Business Manager 
Cris Paltenghe 

The TRITON TIMES I. offlcle"y recognlud .. e .tudent n __ ... per 
by the Communication Boerd of the U nlv __ 1tv of Cellfornle. San ' 
01"0. Building 210. Metthew. Cempu., I.e Jo .... Celifomlel2037, 
PubNClltlon la twice w .. kly on Tueaava end Frtay • . OfflClle.re 
loeet.e! In Room 117, Bleka Hell. Revelle Camp ... For .""ertlalnll 
II hone 4I3-87Z2. 0. -'2lIII0, X1017; for editorllli 0. n_ phone 
Xf01I. 

iller 
WHAT'S 

25c 
WORTH , 

TO YOU? 
How about a bus ride to Sea World? Balboa Park and the Zoo? 

Across the Coronado Bridge? Or anywhere In San Diego 
for that matter. It's all only 25¢, Includmg any transfer. For two 

bits these days, that ' s not bad! 
For quick rout. informati .. , call: 

239·8161 
SAN DIEGO TRANSIT 

We Ire going your way 

Election At Muir: MCC and TUSC 
Vote tomorrow and ThurSday, 10:00-3:00 p_m" in the Muir Plaza 

This full page advertisement was paid for by the Muir College Council in order to construction whil", a new plan , iocorporating more student-use are, IS drawn up 
publicize the upcoming Muir College Elections. The election will be held Please indicate which of the two you prefer, or, if you feel that the presenl plan I~ 
tomorrow and Thursday from 10:00 A .M . to 3:00 P.M . in the Muir Plaza. good, indicated that you wish construction to continue as planned 

In addition to voting for members of the Muir College Council and The Un- The Muir College Council is charged with overseeing the quality of life, both 
dergraduate Student Council, Muir students will have their chance to express their social and academic, at Muir. It allocates funds to various ampus groups and 
opinion on two questions regarding the student center . The first question deals activities, and appoints students to the Muir Curriculum review and Developmt'nt 
with the name-for the center. Numerous names have been proposed and the field Board and other campus-wide committees 
has been narrowed down to those listed below. Please mark which of the three The Undergraduate Student Council allocates over S110,000 to campus-wldt' 
names you prefer. or, if none seem right, mark " none of the above" . activities and groups, such as Communications Board, Program Board, BSU. and 

The second question deals with the construction of Step II of the center. There Debate Club. It serves as a central voice of student input to the administration and 
have been two proposals : 1) to halt construction completely or 2) to postpone appoints students to various campus-wide committees. 

.-------------------Muir College Council ------------------, 
Alan Kremen 

, I am running for a position on the Muir College 
Counci l because t want to help the council serve the 
interests and needs of Muir students . That is the sole 
reason that the council was created . Student govern-
ment must play an active, not a passive role in finding 
out the interests of students and serving them . This year 
through my work with the Social Action Committee, I 
have begun to see some of those student needs dealt 
with . In addition to concern with classes, I feel that the 
council must move more assertedly into the area of 

, student activities. Muir College can also be a place that 
students like to be in rather than a place from which 
they want to leave, I would like to expand student 
activities on Muir College. I seek your votes in order to 
serve your interests as students of Muir College. 

Michael Scott 
Perhaps the basic problem plaguing Muir College 

revolves around the lack of communication between 
the students and their representatives. Few students at 
Muir are even aware of the existence of the Muir 
College Council, what its functions are, or the power it 
holds . Redistribution of the funds controlled by the 
Council cou ld result in more activities, ie. speakers, 

I outdoor concerts and other enjoyable events. An in-
su fficient number of undergraduate advisors is a second 
problem at Muir. I'm interested in getting involved in 
student government in an attempt to alleviate some of 
these problems. I feel my presence on the Cou ncil 
would benefit the students. 

Ron Norman 
The most critical areas of concern at Muir College 

seem to be a lack of student government cohesion and 
its failure to implement new student ideas and 
decisions. These problems, stemming from the 
proponderance of student apathy and disillusionment 
could be vastly improved through the reOrientation of 
Muir's practices and procedures. To insure a redirection 
of priorities. student involvement in · all student ~nd 
administrative functions must be secured . The Im-
provement of publicity methods to inf?rm all students, 
as well as more administrative responsiveness. must be 
stressed in the Muir College Council. 

,-----'-------T.U .S.C. 

Donna Schwarzbach 

It 's about lime that students tde care of 
themselves. The vehicles for decision -making are 
available bUI are currently nol being used 10 their 
full potential. I have been at UCSD for Iwo years and 
have recently participated in student government 
activities. I CAN MlrKE THE SYS1BM WORK FOR 
THE STUDENTS WE MUST AU WORK 
TOGETHER. 

John Myers 

The first question that I am usually asked when I say that I am running for 
TUSC is " What is it?" I think this is a major problem of legi#macy for any kind 
of studenl government and il is my opinion Ihat this is ~argely due 10 the 
madequacy of the Council. Studen' government can be an actIve force on campus 
and I will Iry to mde it so by opening Ihe hght clique and trying to get things 
done. 

Steve Petsch 
I'm running for TUSC because I feel Ihere are two major issues ~onfronting us. 
First, If no one is interestetl'in student government, tt ts because the 

organization is not doing anything meaningf,~1 for Ihe students. I would IIk~ to 
see TUSC develop programs of interest to atl tudents Instead of a small cl,que 
[TUSC members), 

econdlJ ijT(]SC is a Joke, It 'j a very expensive one. TV C has an annual 
budget oJ ~"er one hundred thollsand dollar. - of your money: lei '.\ use II for 
studenls'inlerests, I wOlild like 10 repre ent MUIr students in the 'tudent Co·op. 

David Perkins 
A major holdback to pleasant education IS a lack of 

extra-curricular learning. The people around us have 
more to offer than competition If enloyable academiC 
groups could be formed, we could grow more Within the 
school environment. I have already formed several 
groups and they have seeded for other people getting 
together, as well as the offering of a Frontiers of SCience 
course next fall. PreViously, I have served on the Muir 
Residence l1all Council and the Executive and PoliCy 
Committee, Through Muir College Council I will try to 
spawn more such activities. Thus a closer knit college 
community . 

George Parra 
My name is George Parra and I am a junior at MUIr 

College. Ever since I transferred from San Diego City 
college. I have been interested in becoming involved 
with the student body. I believe that we can change the 
exist ing atmosphere at UCSD if enough students 
become involved with the Muir student counci l; I hope 
to see all of you at the ballot bo~ Wednesday and 
Thursday. VOTE FOR GEORGE PARRA MUIR COLLEGE 
COUNCIL. 

Linda Malky 
The purpose of Muir College Council is to oversee the 

quality of life at Muir in both the social and academic 
arenas. The MCC uses our vending machine money to 
finance its projects. Certainly, more women should be 
represented politically on this campus If elected. I will 
concentrate on coordinating more activities relative to 
Muir students-academically and SOCially-particularly 
women . My male constitut>ncy has already suggested a 
toosball machine in the Vacant Lot. Do I have a slogan? 
Of course: Linda Malky is the only feminist running for 
Muir College Council. You owe yourself an OL V!. 

Mark Sindler 
It is with a sense Qf accomplishment that I view the 

present elections at Muir. Finally, a number of in-
dividuals have taken it upon themselves to - enable 
elections to be held. I certainly hope that the students ' 
at Muir will not disappoint us in our belief that the 
students truly desire a deciding role in the selection 
and in the decisions of their Student Government. With 
your vote, the right energetic and committed people 
who have had experience with Student Government on 
this campus can create a significant change at and for 
I\1uir. I am one. I ask for your vote 

Muir College Election Ballot 
M.C.C. 
Ivo. for .. xl 

Alan Kremen [ ) 

Linda Mallty [] 
Ron Norman [] 

George PaTTa [] 

David Perkins [] 

Michael Scott [] 

Mark Sindler [] 

Which of the following names do you 
prefer for the Student Cenler? 
DiegenoHa/l IJ TOTTey Center 

None of the Above I') 

Which would )OU prefer regardl7lf!, 
II of the , tudellt Center? 

on tl'!!!!.ng com,tructlOn a "'amn''; 
Not buildIng If al all [] 

i1 II 

T ,U ,S,c. 
(yot. for two) 

John Myers 1I 

Steve Petach II 

Donna Schwarzbach II 

[) Tnton U7Ilon 

i i 

, ' 

II 

PaRe <; T.ito!', lime, June 1, 1.74 



,. 
• f 

nCE RAS 
OIC, SO I blew it. Last week this 

hitherto reliable reporter wrote that 
ex-Columbia Records president 
Clivt· Davis was likely headed for 
the newly vacated post as president 
of Bell Records. Well, that job he 
didn't get, but during the past week 
Davis was named "consultant for 
the recording and music operations 
of Columbia Pictures Industry, 
Inc." (Bell Records' parent com-
pany). As reported In the June 1st 
Issue of Record World, Davis, in 
addition to h is activities as con-
sultant, plans to "actively engage 
in further negotiations with the 
firm towards heading up an entirely 
new venture, broader than the 
existing structure of Bell Records 
... but it may take a few months for 

that to consummate." Davis has 
written a book describing his 
experiences in the record industry 
which New York publishers William 
Morris & Company plan to release 
before the end of the year. 

One of Britain's founding fathers 
of rock passed last week. Graham 
Bond, leader of early-sixties groupS! 
whose members included a't' 
various times jack Bruce, johr 
McLaughlin, Ginller Baker and Jon 
Hiseman, died following an ac-
cident in a London underground 
railway station . 

Paul and Linda McCartney, with 
their band Wings, are due to arrive 
in Nashville the first week in june 
to begin preparation on their next 
album. McCartney is expected to 
use a number of "Nashville's finest" 

All Ears 
mUSIcians for the sessions, and 
possibly even a Nashville producer. 

George Harrison has formed his 
own record label , Dark Horse 
Records, which, according to his 
distribution agreement with A & M 
Records, will have Harrison himself 
as exclusive producer of all 
releases . The first two Dark Horse 
LP's wi II be a pop-rock album (by 
an unnamed band) in August and 
an album of the "Shankar family 
and friends" in September. 

Do you believe it? Sly Stone will 
be married in Madison Square 
Carden in a pre-concert ceremony 
attended by family and 20,000 fans. 

Also in New York : When the 
Who come to town to play the 
Garden this june, some special 
security procedures will be 
maintained. Separating the crowd 
from the stage wi II be a fi ve-foot 
fence and keeping order wi II be an 
estimated one security man for 
each forty in the audience. 

And .. . Carlos Santana, with 
original Santana cast intact, is 
recording a new LP in San Fran-
cisco set for a july or August 
release . 

All you "Nice" fans, a la Keith 
Emerson's band before the creation 
of EL & P, will be interested to 
know that the originals have 
reformed (less EmersO.n) and, 
recording under the name 
"Refugee", have a new album due 
in june. 

Sha Na Na has a new member. 
He's Elliot Randall , one time leader 
of hard rockers Randall's Island 

Greg Leonard 

whose first album received a 
Rolling Stone rave review in which 
Randall's guitar play was compared 
(ecstatically) to the best of Hen-
drix. 

It seems the "California Jam" 
(held April 6 at Ontario Motor 
Speedway) has generated some 
after-the-fact fallout. Reportedly, 
when Bill Graham recently ap-
proached Ontario city fathers with 
his plan to present Crosby, Stills, 
Nash & Young, Mott the Hoople, 
the Beach Boys, and the Allman 
Brothers Band at Ontario, the said 
plan was soundly "nixed." Sup-
posedly the combination of traffic 
tie-ups and massive after -jam 
publicity led to the rejection. 
Graham will hold his concert In 
july in the 100,000 seat Los Angeles 
Coliseum. 

The upcoming gala Crosby, Stills, 
Nash & Young concert tour will 
likely be filmed for future editing 
and release to your local theatre. 
Ho-hum. 

Loudon Wainwright, crazied 
songwriter of such unsung hits as 
"Dead Skunk," " Dilated to Meet 
you," and "Suicide Song," has 
starred in a "M'A*S*H" segment to 
be shown next fall. Talk says 
Loudon may even become a 
regular series star. 

And lastly : Warner Brothers has 
some majors on this month's " new 
releases" : how about jethro Tull 
('War Child"), Maria Muldaur, 
Randy Newman and Michael Bruce 
(Alice Cooper's guitarist)? 

Arts Join Oceans 
For Summer 

More Music 
Drama Workshops, a chamber music program and 

courses on the oceans are special offerings scheduled 
for the 1974 Summer Session of the University of 
California, San Diego. 

A regular six-week session will run june 24 through 
Aug. 2. Other special courses of two to 11 weeks are also 
plan-ned throughout the summer. 

The program, UCSD's fourth summer session, is open 
to students in good standing, at any college or 
university and adults who want to take university 
courses. High school students who will be seniors next 
fall may get an early start on their college education by 
('nrolling in lower-division courses and selected special 
programs. 

Tuition for summer session, a self-supporting 
program, is $30 per credit unit. Exceptions are physical 
education courses which are $20 per class and special 
programs which have varying fees . 

According to Dr. Quelda M . Wilson , director of 
summer session , "This year's session offers the public 
flexible scheduling With courses planned throughout the 
summer In addition to the regular six-week session 
Some evening classes are also available ." 

The drama program will highlight comedy with 
courses on the history of comic theater, comic masters 
of silent films and vaudeville and burlesque. the 
tradition of street theater will be explored in an ex-
perimental workshop on comic theater and other 
courses will cover the prinCiples of transactional 
analysis as a tool for the actor. 

A five-week chamber musIc Institute will be con-
ducted by Rafael Druian , concertmaster of the ~ ·_w 
York Philharmon ic. 

An 'ntroductory course on the oceans will be taught 
at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The class is 
a unic ut opportunity for high school seniors and un-
dergrad ate students who normally cannot enroll in 
courst s at SIO where all instruction is on the graduate 
level. 

Als') offered is a nine-week session for intensive study 
of thE anish language whidl ir.c!ude~ ~f'ven weeks in 
Madr<l , Classroom instruction will be supplemented 
with r schedule of cultur.al activities and travel in Spain. 

Ph, sical education courses will include skin and 
scub. ~ ..... 8 MIt _nit. 

~-U "'. IS • .u be a f~m 
. :..,., oper~ war movies wit .... 

Tuesday, june 4, at 8 :15 
p.m . in 409 MC, the UCSD 
Madrigal Singers will sing 
works by Lasso, Wert, 
Gabrieli, Tomkins, Bennet 
and Wilbye from their 
standard repertory . As an 
additional feature, com-
positions for small choirs by 
Brahms and Stravinsky wi II 
be sung. The choir, under 
the direction of David 
Guion, draws its mem-
bership from all parts of the 
un iversity community. As 
the name suggests, the 
Madrigal Singers specialize 
in music of the 15th to 17th 
centuries. 

A d ifferen t kind of 
program will be presented 
Thursday even ing june 6, at 
8 : 15 p.m. in Music Gallery 
408. a premiere version of 
Kagel's SONANT (1960), 
with noted French per-
cussionist Jean Charles 
Francois, and Bertra m 
Turetzky, well known for 
his innovative techniques. 

"Qual ity of Soft is Not 
Straining, " offered by 
Kenneth Gaburo with 
members of the com-
positional linguistics 
seminar. The piece is 
considered an integrated · 
network , incorporating 
much of the work done in 
the seminar. 

Both concerts are free 
and open to the public. 

M.k. your poll offlc. or corner m.1I bok your banking cenle. 
lor • ~Igh-.afnlng Slving. aecounl It We.1 CO.II Nahon.1 
lank . ..--.. II paid bOth ways. 0.,." your accounlloday. 
CurteM ... Ie 5%. 

~;;~=:~.~ ... : ~v , .... $ _\III'P5" of . ~ta~:j" ..,.-,A 
. will be oHeredin .ntJ,roPo 

:"D~1\iC dII .... GtI~, Chine .. , communications, 
... ., kls v, lll\iulst i cs, literture 

__ :So ~icM- NI'6~, P'Ycholo8y, 
i~~;=!!~ •• '; ~ rwal studies. 

..., I; ';;p..~ now th'OWIh-~ 2Q. J.a.t¥ested 
persons sl10ukl contact the U~~a ,5ummer Session 

,., c...- ..... 0.1 MIl • au'" lOll ~ 11t-O'1ft' 
M<I "... ..... ~ V_Pr ... ~I"" II.".... 

:;ff;ce by call1n!( 453-2000, l'~t 124d 

6 Triton T""~:, June J, 1974 

Fiction: R. Trout 
"To ~e an artist, you've got to starve." How soon I'd 

wind up eating those words for lack of more nourishing 
sentiment. Ever since I'd lost my G.1. status, I realized I 
was one joe who was unlikely to ever find a way back to 
the rock and roll scene. 

Whatever happened to the Monkees, my rock and roll 
idols. Nothing seemed to matter much with Buddy 
Holly gone anyway. I decided to forget about dinner, 
swallowed my pride instead, and went to visit Chatty 
Cathy, my childhood sweetheart. 

With no pretensions to sexism, I had to admit that 
Chatty was quite a doll. This more than made up for her 
limited interest as a conversationalist . 

The door responded to my every knock and finally 
opened to revea l Chatty in all her girlish innocence still 
the ring on the string so prominently displayed. ' 

"Hello, my name is Chatty Cathy" she quipped . 
"Hi Chat, what's cookin' ", I tried my best to seem to 

care. Oh, Elvis, he managed to corne-back, I shouldn't 
despair . I can still remember strains of " Heartbreak 
Hotel" wrenching their way out of my mighty 6 tran-
sistor radio . 

Chatty served root beer floats . And none too late I 
assure you . 

The kids today just don 't know what music is about. 
I'd like to see Tiny shed Tears over a Grand Funk love 
ballad . New York DOLLSm That's positively insulting. 

" Le.t's play bunny, Hop Hop Hop" suggested Chatty, 
the pinnacle of innocence that she was. 

And they still dared to call it music ... Moog syn-
thesizers, "funk", transvestite bands, heck, you put a 
record on your hi-fi and you can't tell if it's warped or 
not. 

All I really want from life is to have The Drifters 
record one more album. Bring back "Mod" fashions, 
convince Barbie and Ken to finally get married and stop 
shacking up together. 

It's the whole pattern , nobody gives a blue moon 
about what's happening anymore. If Black Sabbath can 
record "Fairies Wear Boots" and they' ll play it on the air, 
then it's no wonder they're all shooting marijuana and 
streaking around with no clothes on . 

I lifted Chatty's skirt high above her delicate thighs, 
and inserted my cherished 45 rpm of Dion's "Teenager 
in Love" into the slot running up her side. I pulled her 
string and swooned in nostalgiac ecstacy for the night. 

Who Wrote the Book of Mormon? 
Final scenes of the latest church 

movie, "The Coming Forth of the Book of 
Mormon," are being completed this weeK 
at the BYU motion picture studio, ac-
cording to the BYU UNIVERSE. " People 
from allover Utah have donated time 
and talents to the production," according 
to Jesse Stay, assistant director of the 
studio. 

The movie has been nearly a year In 
production . It uses local as well as 
professional ta lent . 

Movies produced for the church are 

und r supervision of the rlrst Presiden y, 
and SCflpts must first be approved by the 
Correlation Commlttt>e txpenses then 

com~ form the church expenditure 
committee A typical half-hour 
production costs $25,000-$50,000 

" Movies are al so produced for 
educational use," Stay explained 
" Budgets for these com from a rotating 
fund prOVided by the university The co t 
IS then returned to the fund from sales 
Our most succ sful production of thiS 
type was "Run Dick, Run Jane," a movie 
on logging It has sold about 600 cooles " 

Concert Notes 
EAGUS 

Preparing for summer music? Here's a 
glimpse of upcoming San Diego Con-
certs. 

june 6: Maria Muldaur at the EI Cortez. 
june 7: Eagles (pictured above), 

Golden Hall. 
june 8: Blue Oyster Cult (Holy hard-

rock batman!) and Nazareth at Golden 
Hall. 

june 16: Seals and Crofts (Did you 
know Crofts first name was Dash?) at 
Balboa Stadium, 

june 22. Jazz buffs rejoice .. Herbie 
Hancock and Charles Lloyd, Fox Theatre. 

june 30: War! perhaps at Balboa 
Stadium we'rt> told . 

And have a very musical summer 

ao% off 
turquoise 
IILE 

SA TURDA Y AND 
SUNDAY 

VIEW OUR MAGNIFICENT 
COLLECTION OF DAZZLING 
TURQUOISE,CORAL,AND 
SILVER JEWELRY ••••• 

FROM THE 

RED EYE TRADING CO. 

LA JOLLA -1152 - ..... eT ..,....1tT .••••••• :· ...... at4~~ .. , 
HOURS: MeN T_U T TtL .... M , SUN TIL IPM 

'. 7 Triton TilMS, 'IIM 1, 1974 



SPORTS 
Wilderness Class 

-Offers Explallltion 
[ED. NOTE] The following 
letter. written by 
Wilderness Studies co-
ordinator Howard Kaplan. 
does not necessarily fall 
into the realm of Sports. It 
was written as an aside to 
the interview with Willi 
Unsoeld that appeared on 
the TT Sports pages on 
May 24. We in the Sports 
dept . feel that the situation 
that the Wilderness 
Studies program finds itself 
in should be expressed . 

As one of the people 
Involved In designing the 
Wilderness Studies Class I 
had the opportunity to 
spend a large part of last 
week with Willi Unsoeld 
and I feel a need to add a 
few things to the ar -
tic le/i nterview which 
appeared In the May 24 
Triton Times. 

Much is lost in wr ting 
about Will i. One has to hear 
him and see him speak to 
understand where he is 
comi ng from . Willi is much 
more than a mf'untain 
climber and philosopher 
He is an educator who is 
Willing to constantly ex-
periment and change. As a 
faculty member at 
Evergreen State College he, 
along With his students, IS 

able to use any tool to 
learn , The philosophy of the 
chool is that a faculty 

member must be willing to 
work and learn along with 
his/her students. As Willi 
said, they learn as much 
from their successes as their 
failures . 

Those in the Wilderness 
Class and the others who 
heard Willi speak will never 
forget him and what he had 
to say, not only about the 
1963 Everest Expedition but 
his Interest In the group 
process and its importam.e 
in our everyday lives. 

Wilderness Studies is a 
very specia l class which 
involves the use of many 
guest lecturers and small 
student led special in terest 
groups. Every student i 
expected to take an active 
rol e in the course and 
participate in a new 
educational experience. 

This year we are 
operating on no real 
budget. Money to pay 
honorariums and travel 
expenses for our guest 
speakers comes from the 
Contemporary I ssues 
budget, private donations 
and the Muir Parents Fund. 
This year and last year we 
had more than twice ' as 

many people trying to get 
into the class as we could 
handle, which makes it 
obvious that there is a need 
at UCSD for this type of 
course. In order to continue 
the class and expand the 
Wilderness Program we will 
need more funds, which is 
where the administration of 
this campus comes In We 
are scraping the bottom of 
the barrel for money. 

We were lucky to be able 
to bring Willi Unsoeld down 
from Olympia this year as 

continued on page 10 

Bonn ie &Clyde 
would love us. 

Occasionally Bonnie and C~t'de had 
large sums of money on hand. But 
did they ever think of saving it at a 
bank? Not on their lives. Too bad 
they weren't el igible to be members 
of University and State Employees 
Credit Union. Not only do the earn-
ings on U.S.E. savings reach for the 
sky (higher than any bank or sav-
ings and loan passbook account) , 

but they' re insured just as safe ... to 
twenty grand per account by the 
National Credit Union Administra-
tion. Now that's safe. 
So, if you 're concerned about mak-
ing loot wh ile you're saving it. .. go 
to your bank or savings and loan for 
a large withdrawal. Then make your 
getaway to U.S.E. Just make sure 
it's your own money. 

DJJ~[§ 
CREO,NION 

IInilVArcitv and State Employees 
Credit Union 

OfSANDIEOO 

MEMBER ACCOUNTS 
INSUPED TO $20,000 

Call or visit one of 
your convenient offices: 

5555 Mildred SI . San Diego 
Ph. 297-183. 

5191 COllege Ave . San Diego 
Ph. 211-4210 

UCSD CAMPUS. Lyman Ave at 
Miramar Rd , La Jolla Ph. 453-5120 

1M Wrap-up 

Looking to Future 
Once again fina ls are just about upon 

US, summer is on ly a week and a hal f 
away, and people are eagerly an-
ticipating their departures from this 
school All except the 1M jocks 

Over in the Intramural Department Lee 
johnson and Harry Bloom are already 
coming up with new ideas for next year 
as well as reviewing the successes of the 
past 1M year . They even have a few ideas 
in mind feT those of you planning to 
spend the summer going to school at 
UCSD (heaven forbid!) . 

The highlight of this year's 1M 
program, as it is every year, was the AII-
Cal Intramural Festival. Held several 
weeks ago on the UC Santa Cruz campus, 
the 1M festival featured competition in 
softball , volleyball, soccer, tennis and 
raquetball . Each activity was coed and 
no overall champion emerged si nce this 
was not the purpose of the festival. 

In fact, half of the .games were mixed 
with our guys and another school's gi rls 
and another school 's guys and our girls 
playing together. This approach was 
intended to lessen team competition and 
encourage a friendly , cooperative form 
of competition . 

Our representatives in softball were 
the Batter's Box team of Elaine Ploetz, 
Sandy Timmons, Sioux Amaral, Debbie 
Perluss, Jill Sounder, john Arnold , Steve 
Willis, Neil Hansen, Keith Bryan and 
Roger Gottfried . 

In volleyball , UCSD had the 12" Tonsil 
Ticklers Leslie Peterson, Terri Duquette, 
Bev Lowe, Damon Delistraty, Matt 
Symmonds, Henry Vierra and Rick 
Tinling . 

Hal and Kris Kierstead represented the 
1M tennis players and AI Hunter and Va l 
Cardiero were the raquetball contingent. 

Suzy Habsen, Jeane Orr, LaUrie Cage, 
Marilyn Koestner, Maria Adams, Rick 
Seed, Peter Latham, Jeff Stacer, Winston 
Tsang and Henrik Kibak made up the 
soccer team . All the participants can be 
seen in the photo above, taken during 
the AII-Call Festival at UCSC, along with 
some of those who did not make it doing 
their thing . 

Everyone had a good time and many 
new ideas were exchanged that will 
hopefully improve the 1M program on all 
UC campuses. Except for the Batter's Box 
gir ls, who were almost ditched by the 
guys, everyone is looking forward to next 
year's festival if they are fortunate 
enough to go again . 

Intramural sports will present a few 
changes next year . First, the department 
is considering an 1M Hour in which 
anyone interested in Intramural sports 
can come by Lee johnson's office and 
make suggestions for improvements, 
changes or Simply to rap. 

The second set of changes deal with 
softball . Since the greatest number of 
people participate in this activity, we are 
going to provide a new game. The 
contest will be played with SOFT soft-
balls, eight on a team (four girls, four 
guys) . Each team pitches to themselves 
(two pitches per batter) and the batting 
order must be guy, girl, guy, girl , etc . 

Now for the catch ... each person must 
play the number position they bat . For 
instance if the girls hat 2-4.f>-8- that 
means the team will have a female at 
catcher, second base, shortstop and 
centerfield . There will be home run line 
for. both guys and girls and everyone will 
ba t every inning . Therefore, the 
maximum number of runs in one inning 

continued on page 10 

HI R () Roel( 
B 1(; Ye/.,HS 

SPORTS & 10REIGN 
CAR SERVICE FREDRICK'S 

AUTO UPHOLSTlRY 
lor All ars 

CONSIDERATION 
TO STUDENTS 

76 IB I AY AVI NUl 

IN THE REAR 

I " )011 A ("/\111 
·10,4 I') l() 

Ski & Hike 
oun ITTrRS 

) OW I{ I I'OR T<; 
4')4 n'il 

77121 f\Y AV I NLJ I 
I" 1011 f\ ( Alii 'W1l7 

,I '" '·Il() 

Featuring the 
Vf.t' /I finest for 

(' lIeli Nfl plrWWfe 
11\ 7 J. 7 l _ Jell LA fiL VD 
It. J O llA CAlif 'j.lOi7 

f'Hf"" r 4'\11 0" J'l 

SCIENCE 

Solor Land 
LOS ANGELES-IF the entire land surface of the Unit-

ed States were converted into a giant solar collector, it 
wou ld intercept enough of the sun's radiation to meet 
'the country's total annual energy needs 620 times over. 
If only 40 percent of the incoming sunshine were 
transformed into useful energy- a realistic figure by 
today's technical standards-a collection area the size 
of Maryland and Delaware combined (11,700 square 
miles) could take care of the nation's 1970 energy 
consumption . 

The figures are impressive but so are the practical 
problems of harnessing the sun's output for unlimited 
and clean energy on earth, according to Professor Harry 
Buchberg of the UCLA School of Engineering and 
App lied Science. 

There are three main ways of applying solar energy 
for man's use through conversion to thermal power 
(heat), to electricity, and to fupl , says Buchbl'rg who has 
been dOing research on solar energy for the past 20 
years 

'Man ha been onvertlnB the sun's heat to energy for 
thousands of years, and today the method IS Widely 
used In Australia , japan and Israel , mainly for the water 
heating," says Buchberg "HoV'vever, It ran also be 
applied to heating and coo ling of buildlng~ , drYing of 
agricultura l crops and for the distillation of salt water ." 

Professor Buchberg calculates that If solar energy 
handled 50-70 percent of water heating and cold and 
warm air conditioning, the owner of a typical family 
home could save about $125 annually on fuel bills 

Applying these savings to purchase a solar unit, 
amortized over a 10 year period in monthly payments 
plus interest, the homeowner would come out about 
even if he bought a $1000 un it. At present prices, 
however, an installed solar system with a large enough 
co llection surface to do the job, would cost about five 
times as much. 

"Solar energy use becomes more realistic , however, in 
homes heated by electricity, whose costs are sub-
stantially higher," says Buchberg. "The same appl ies if 
oil and natural gas costs keep rising at the same rate as 
during the past year ." 

A more immediate practical possibility lies in solar 
heating of private and public swimming pools protected 
with an insulating cover when not in u~e to substantially 
reduce daily heat losses. 

'With the right climate, as in southern California, I 
believe we could maintain pools at a 75 degree tem-
perature by solar energy alone," says Buchberg. 

In the long run, many of the obstacles to large-scale 
use of solar energy can be solved, the UCLA engineer 
believes, but only if the technical and economic 
problems are faced reali stically . 

" If we accept that so lar energy, which is pollution 
free and in unlimited supply, ha5 an intrinsic so" lal and 
national value, we must consider paying the economic 
costs, " he says. 

NO W AVAlLABLE IN UCSD BOOKSTOR,E 

A COMPI il'l1J WrAL 'j'ELrYJ~IOl 

People Depend on Plants 
- Tom Tugend-

People have a psychological need 
for contact With plants "Onp cause 
of the flight to the suburbs and 
dramatic Increase In wilderness 
recreation usp is a basic desire for 
lontact with vegetation," according 
to Dr Seymour M Cold, an urban 
plan ner In the Department of [n-
vironmen ta l Hort iculture at the 
University of California, DaV IS 

Research on the use of plants In 
cities to satisfy human needs, Cold 
says, could result In several SOCial 
benefi ts 

says hiS research ,nd,cates that few('f 
people are uSi ng n f' l ~hborhood par~ s 
In many (' ltl pS, dnd th(>rp II d q ronJ,l 
relat,on .. h,p f)(>tVl.f·pn non'u, .. dnd 
tht' 1M k 01 trpl'\, shrub., dnrllloVl.l'rs 

Research by behaVioral SCientists, 
Cold adds, indicates that the current 
popularity of Indoor and outdoor 
gardening is a result of this same 
frustrated desire as well as an at-
tempt to modify the sterility and 
ugliness of most Cities, 

The human response to plants in 
urban environments, Cold says, 
provides a frontier for research to 
link the plant and the social scientist 
In new ways to solve environmental 
problems. 

l pss nped to escape from Cit IPS 
Just to pnJOy plant5 and grt't'n 
land>capes, "With the pro~p('( t of 
prolonged fuel rationing or ,I 0r-
tages, It IS pssential to make ou r 

c l t l e~ and suburbs more enjoyable, 
attractive and diverse p l"ce>," Cold 
says. "For example, 30 percent of all 
automobile use IS for leisure and 
outdoor recreation , Some of thiS use 
cou ld be reduced by providing 
better local public and private 
recreation opportunities that could 
give people the same perceived 
sense of ', relief of natural character 
as they now seek in regional parks 

·and wilderness areas . 

POlslblr' (I'dut{lf"Jn 01 urban ( rllll\' 
dnd I.lolt'nu' bp( dUll ot t hI' 
potpntla of plal1t~ to rl't:lut ( If>\ .,1, 
of pnvlmnnwntal ,tn' s Cold ~ 

ob~l'rv,·tlon .. ~h()\ .. d 101\('[ rdtp 01 
vdndal ,)m In (omm!'rt ,al and 
recreat ion an'as that are \1\ pll 
de<lgned and ma intained, e~peCia ll y 
whPre pl a n (~ arl' lIS( d 

Cold says, "Perhaps no Si ngl e Ite m 
could dramati cally change th e 
physical and SOCial Lharacter of 
urban America more qUICkly, and be 
less controversial and costly , than 
plants. At the same limp, thi S 
massive application of plants could 
save substantial amounts of gasoline 
because people would learn to enJoy 
cities and rel'y on urban parks I n-
stead of traveling long distances to 
wilderness areas or vacation homes 
for simple contact with vegetation " 

Gold explains : 'We have thought 
too long of building parks in cities 
instead of cities in parks, considered 
landscape plantings as amenities 
instead of essen tials and have 
weighed the values of plants in terms 
of economic costs instead of social 
benefits. Traditionally, we have 
emphaSized the production and 
maintenance of plants rather than 
t he attitudes of people toward plants 
and the impact plants can have on 
people in cities." 

" If one assu mes there are 10 
million cars in the state and the 
average California family drives 
1,000 miles per year at 10 miles per 
gallon to flee the city or suburbs in 
quest of green spaces, then by 
making cities 'green' again we cou ld 
save 1 billion gallons of gasoline 
each year. At a price of 50 cents per 
gallon, that would be $500 million 
per year saved ." 

He adds : "As researchers in the 
Agricultural Experiment Station of 
the University of California, our Job 
is to collaborate w i th private In-
dustry and government to help traIn 
the fu ture gene rat ions of 
professionals in this field to help 
bring a 'Green Revolution' t. !." 
state and nation " 

Better use of existing local parks 
which are often sterile because they 
lack adequate landscaping. Cold 

The Probability 
of Life 

According to Lee Kronenberg, a UCSD 
biology graduate student who IS In-
terested In the origin of " fe, It IS now 
believed that life IS not unique to Earth 
but inevitably results from conditions 
and reactions present throughout the 
universe Confidence In thi_ theory has 
grown in the past few years due to 
discoveri es In astronomy and 
biochem istry. 

Twenty-six compounds used in living 
organisms on Earth have been found in 
many parts of the universe. These 
molecules are invariably found in dense 
gaseous clouds at the sites of formation 
of stars and planets. When the planets 
form, these molecules make up the 
atmosphere. Experiments have shown 
that, given only a constant energy 
source. as from a star, these simple 
organic (carbon containing) compounds 
will form complex biological molecules , 
Seventeen of the twenty amino acids in 
life, polypeptides, and sugars have 
formed spontaneously from various of 
these twenty six compounds. 

That these molecules ·are probably 
found on all planets suggests that I ife can 
potentially begin on everyone. There are 
limitations however . Some planets, such 
as Pluto, are too far from an energy 
source. Others don't rotate fast enough 
and have half their surface too hot, half 
too cold. The probabilitv that life will 
begin and evolve on anyone planet is 
slight. But, considering the vastness of 
the universe, there is certainty that other 
planets harbor life. 

Lee Kronenberg sees the universe as 
many planets, each at di fferent tages in 
developing life. Some will never progress 
past a certain stage , Others, such as 
Earth, support a wide variety of life. 

Gregg's Shell Service 
24 HR, TOWING 

Phone 459-9992 
Service is our policy. 

6861 La jolla Blvd. 

454-6628 

La Jolla, Calif. 92037 
State license-lights, smog control 

Owner-Greg Lovelady 

.pBt:Hic wesle,n lou,s 
SUMMER ADVENTURE 
A Historical Fun & Sun Fiesta! 

MEXICO'S 
MAYALAND 

Departs Sat. June 22 & 29 I 
TABASCO • CHIAPAS 

CAMPECHE • YUCATAN 
.------------------, I Spectacular Archaeological Areas: PLENQUE I 
I • EDZNA • kABAH • UXMAL • 
I DZIBILCHALTUN· MAYAPAN • ACANCEH I 
I AND CHICHEN IlZA, plus Mexico's historic I 
I cities of Villa hermosa, Campeche, Merida & I 
I Valladolid - AND 2 GORGEOUS DAYS IN I 
I THE CARIBBEAN HIDEAWAY ISLAND OF I 
I ISLA MUJERES! I 
I 10 DAYS $409 I ~ __________________ J 
THESE IUNE DEPARTURES ALSO FEATURE OUR 
SPECIAL TOURS THAT CONCENTRATE ON 
YUCATAN It's Outstanding Archaeological 
Zones - PLUS MERIDA AND A CHOICE OF THE 
CARIBBEAN ISLES OF ISLA MUJERES & CONZUMEl, 
OR OUR FLY/DRIVE PACKAGE. 

10 DAYS From $349 
LIMITED SPACE AVAILABLE 

Call Now! 
Or Send Coupon t or Free Brochure 
~-.--------------------Pacific Western Tour< ,,')~ Jt'~3~" ' >1 c: .. " nip!," ~?'n1 

Name _________ - --- - -
Add. __________ C.ty _ 
Zip _ Tel No _____ _ 

Oestin.llon ________ Trevel Del __ _ 

I 'd!!' q Tri tnn lime- , June- I. 1 7 



I 

Fredman for 
Supervisor 

Editor : 
On Tuesdav, June4,North 

COunl'f voters have another 
oppor'.unity to cast a vote 
for good land use policy. 

The most important local 
politi ca l officer in North 
County, the Fifth District 
representative to the 
County Board of Super-
visors, will be se lec ted in 

th~ upcoming election . Lee 

Taylor, the incumbent, a 
wealthy Rancho Santa Fe 
co nti actor has stated 
publ ically, "My only reason 
for runni ng is that I feel our 
industry (contracting and 

land development) needs to 
be represented in govern-
ment." (San Diego Union 5-
13-74) Taylor has su pported 
the kind of land use QolicV 
that has brought the recent 
landslide of cqndomin iums 

to Solana Beach and has 
forced land va lues to 
skyrocket to the pOint 
where less privileged 
residents are forced to leave 
the area. 

Of the seven candidates 
runni ng agai nst Taylor we 
feel that MickeV Fredman 
represents the best com-
bination of experience and 
progressive positions on 
land use and ocial reform 
Mickey has the support of 

,ost of the en-

vironmenta l is t~ in 'h!' ilrf'a 
He has experience with land 
use planning and has 
demonstrated a concern for 
the welfare of all the 
residents of North County. 

Taylor has no ettectlve 
pol icy for growth control or 
social welfare. Under h is 
administration North 
County is turning into a 
high density ghetto for the 
rich . All the people of North 
Cou nty need represen -

tation . Recent loca l vic-
tories in Escondido and Del 
Mal are beginning to 
reverse the tide of too rapid 
growth and too little 
concern for resident 
welfare. This has been 
possib le in part bv the 
support of the students, 
staff and faculty of UCSD. 
We urge you to continue 
the momentum of politi ca l 
reform in North County . 

Help decrease the influence 
of land profiteers in County 
Government peopl e. Elect 
Mickey Fredman to the 
County Board of Super-
visors on June 4th . 

John Weare 
Del Mar Cou ncilman 

Kent Wilson 
Chemistry Dept. 

No on 9 
continued from page 4 

Assertive Training Clinics continued on ..... e 10 
by JlYnit~ Stodd~rd 

Have you ever ... 
... Felt yOU deserved 

better gradf'~ 
a 

. Reen too shy to say 
hello~ 

... Been afraid to say what 
you think~ 

... Been unable to say 
what you meant? 

... Wanted to talk 
people, not just "chat?" 

... Gotten stage fright? 

to 

... Lost out because you 
were put on the defensive? 

... Let your frustrations 
grow inside of you when 
getting them out in the 
open would get rid of them? 

... Heard 
Training? 

of Assertive 

On June 6th and 7th, Dr. 
Manuel Smith, PhD., will 
lead an Assertive Training 
Seminar in th e Revelle 
Informal Loun ge . The 
seminar is from 9:30 to 12 
and 1 to 5 on Thursday, and 
from 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 on 
Friday. The entire two-day 
sess ion will include lectures 
on Primary Coping Styles, 
Recognizi ng your Own 
Rights and the Rights of 
Others, and Learning to 
Discriminate Between 

Aggresive, Assertive, 
Non-assertive Behavior . 

and 

There will also be skills 
sessions to practice being 
persistent, to learn to speak, 
to cope with fear of 
criticism and fear of error, 
and to control nervousness. 

The goal of Assertive 
Training is to strengthen the 
person . Emphasis is on 
learning to identify one's 

own feelings, and then act 
on them. People learn to be 
tactful , not blunt. The 
seminar is an exercise in 
new behavior. 

Dr. Smith is an Ass istant 
Clinical Profes so r in 
Psychology at UCLA. He is 
currently writing a book on 
Systematic Assertive 
Training and Therapy . If 
you i(lterested in attending 
the seminar, please call 
Becca or Alice, X2715 . 

1M Wrap-upeee 

findings in his in- hero.n treatment alt er-
vestigations: 

-corruption and illegal 
activities, includJng 
dealings in money, drugs, 
favors, and sex; 

- county money 
siphoned off for UCSD 
research in heroin treat-
ment alternatives; 

county money siph,nep 
off for UCSD research ih 

natives; 
- total costs (S1 .3 million 

annually) exceeding the 
national average for 
methadone clinic 
operation; 

- few patients getting off 
heroin addiction ; 

- drop in attendance to 
the clinic over a four-year 
period . 

Renewal Rules 
Gr~duate students ~nd Academics who hue boolls 

charRed out from the Central University Libr~ry 
should renew them soon. Academics must renew 
before July 31; Gradu~tes before June 28. Boolls c~n 
be brought to the Circul~tion Desll or renewed by 
m~il. If you renew by m~iI, use ~n 8V, " 11 sheet of 
paper, and include conlplete call number [volume, 
d~tes, copy number], your n~me, campus ~ddress 
and phone number. Booll5 cannot be renewed by 
phone, ~nd boob renewed twice ~Ire~dy must be 
brought to the Circulation desll. These instructions 
apply only to the Central Library. If you have 
questions, call the Circul~tion Desll, ex. 1985. 

continued from page 8 

is eight. The game will go six innings. the first week of summer school. Next fall 
the new freshman class will be arriving a 
week early (September 16) so 1M sports is 
going to provide a few ac tivities for 
them . This means jobs for the early-bird 
refs, and it also means that the 1M offi e 
is open to suggestions on what activiti es 
to provide during thi s tim 

Another change will appear in the 
men's softball season. The rules wi ll be 
revised so that each team will pitch to its 
own players with each batter getting two 
pitches, as is presently done in coed 
games . This rule change is being made 
because it is felt that this will generate 
more scoring, more innings of play (most 
games should go the fu ll nine innings), 
and more fun 

No doubt there will be other hang s 
as well, and hopefully these will be the 
result of student suggest ions. 

We are not against Common Cause or 
any other organization, having a political 
voice, but not at the expense of crippling 
grassroots participation in California 

politics. Perhaps the real issue of Prop . 9 
is Common Cause and not campaign 
reform at all. 

No doubt there wi II be some teams 
that prefer our current rul es that require 
pitching to the opposing team, and if 
there is enough demand, the 1M 
departm ent wi ll provide that as well . 
Teams can participate In one league or 
the other, so the sluggers had better start 
thinking about it soon . 

This summ r the department is again 
going to offer coed 1M softball and 
vo lleyball with ~.-tivities commencing 

The Sports Staff of the TT would like to 
thank Lee Johnson, Harry Bloom, Bert 
Kobayashi and all of the oth er mem'b r 
of th e Intramural and Recreation 
Departments who have worked so hard 
this year to put on all the activities this 
year. We would also like to thank them 
for all the help they have given us ir 
providing the mater ial for all the 1M 
col umns that have appeared on the 
Sports pages of the TT this year . 

I 
I 

I 

I 

Wilderness ... 
continued from page 8 

his presence has been 
extremelv valuable to us, he 
i a very speCial person with 
much t(\ offer . Hopefully 
next year we will be able to 
bring Willi and other people 
to UCSD in order to in-
crease the reality of our 
education . 

-
------- -

C o mmuni ty 
I 

Blood B ank 
327 F Street 

, 

Pays Donors 
t For Serviee t I I I 
I 

Mon.-Sat. 8:45 am-5:30 pm closed Sun. I I 
I 

233-5481 
I 

We would like to thank t 
all those who donated t · t this year for their cooperation. I 

I I 
- -- -

I 
- - --

I POLITICS: JAMES SOTO I 
continued from page 3 

The other supervisors race pits incumbent Jim Bear 
against council man Jim Bates . Though both are 
Democrats, charges have been levell ed against Bear 
which claim he is a tool of the special interests. What 
it really boils down to is a conflict of personalities . 
Bates has a lot of enviromental support while Bear 
has support from the major labor unions. 

Also to be decided today are the numerous 
legis lative and congressional districts in the county. 
The most interest has centered around the 
Democratic nomination in the 41st Congressional 
district where seven major democrats vie for the 
privi lege of running against long-time incumbent 
Bob W ilson in November. 

LOW PRICES 
HIGH TRADE-INS 
R NTALS 
i-'RorESSIONAL & 
INDUSTRIAL 
mALrRSHIP 
NEW 8< USED 
EQUIPMlNT 

. and 
CUS IOM I!~W 
PRO( I ~SIN(' 
0,'\1 I'IH MISIS 

• FREE VALIDATED PARKING 
235-6564 

Synthesizing Disenfranchise-
continued from page 4 ment 

campus." 

Urey termed the project 
an "unqualif ied succe s, " 
pointing out that " about 
300" of these humanoids 
are graduating with honors 
this June. "Most of them," 
says Urev. "are ore-med ." 

Several of the others have 
been awarded grants for 
adva nced work in 
c hemistry , a 
" man ifestation" of their 
vi ral nature." 

Dr . Urey was hesistant to 
discuss future pJans, but 

. appeared confident that he 
will succeed in creating life 
" Within a few years ." The 
process involved In creating 
life is a great deal more 
complex, but even . the 
creation of advanced forms 
of Ii f e is "not out of the 
question." 

Queried about the 
morality of the project , Dr. 
Urey was adamant. "Our 
c reations are absolutely 
moral," he declared . " Thev 
fit in perfectly with I ife at 
' ,is campus. 

RESEARCH 
Thousands of Top iCS 

$2 .75 per page 
Send for your up to date, 160 pagt, 
rpar! order catalol. Enclose $1.00 
to COlIer postage Idell,ery lime IS 
I to 2 days). 
RESEARCH ASstsTANCE, INC. 
\1941 WILSH1RE BL VO • SUIlE "2 

LOS ANGElES, CALIf 90025 
1213) 4778474 or 4775493 

Our AStarOt m.l.rJ,lls uJ4 for 
'UfltCh ".III,I.u onl, 

continued from page 4 

o llective power of the 
student vote In localities 
throughout the state . 

O ne of the co-a uthors of 
the bill is Assemblyman W 
Don M Gi llivray, whose 
distri.ct in clude U Santa 
Barbara . He is a con-
servative Republican and 
re eived a grand total 3.8 
perce nt of the student vote 
at Santa Barbara in the 1972 
election . Hi s oppo nent . 
Gary Hart, rece ived the 
other 96.2 percent of the 
vote and came within 700 
votes of defeat ing 
McGillivray. These figur 
show the seamy political 
motives that Inspi red thi s 
piece of legislation . 

Write to your legis latoT 
and express your feelings on 
this bi ll and any oth er that 
wou ld seek to destr oy 

.students ' right to vote. 
Mark Miller 

Senior, Political Science 
U Berkplev 

Lee Burke 
Soph -Student Lobbv 

Director 
UCSD 

RIDES FOR RIDERS 
RIDERS FOR DRIVERS 

TO ANY CITY 
Callfo,ni. , US A , 
C.n.d., M •• lco, 
Cent,.1 America 

• klento 
M.mmoth, T.hoe, 

Colo,.do 
w •• I •• rrs" .. 
10c.1 c.r pool. 

. 

OTTO CAR POOLS 
CALL TODAY 

612-1_ 
IiIi4I EL CAJON IJLVD 

THE WORK SHEET 
This paoe's paid for and presented through the Joint efforts of the Student Employment office and Career Planning and Placement Services. 

SEO 

SUPER TEMPORARY POSITIONS 

SEO Bill 
Need two people 10 mOYI fuml1u,., refrlg.. Itc. Mutt ...,,,. CA 
D,lver. LIe.; .... h,.. wOfll; .... ry .".nged. 

CLERICAL AND PROFESSIONAL BUSINESS POSITIONS 

SEO eM 
Steno-tYPlet to work with R_rch Aut.; .hrthnd, .. wpm: type 80 
wpm - ....... /mo.: 3 mo..; fuHtime. 

SE~ C 221 
Two -"'119tI for !ypletl, mutt milt certain flnanc .. 1 .tendln" _ 
tUO/hr. -

SE~ C 313 
M.I. oacratary, upparc .... m.n. with good writing .bl.ltl .. to .c-
company panon to m ... tlng" Itc. t3.00/hr. min'mum. 

SE~ C GIl 
Gene,., office recaptlonl.t needed on w ..... nd., typing requl .. d . 
S.t 8-5, Sun 10.2, .... ry open. 
SEOC .. 
Need bu.ln ...... Iat.nt to a.t up bookings. m.nagem.nt m.thod • . 
mu.t h.y. knowledg.lbeckground in bu.ine ••• dmin. & p,lntlng -
sa"ry & .chedul •• ,,.ng.d. 

SE~ C 484 
N ... d .ee,.tary with tuto,lng. typing, & joumali.m .. p.,ienc. -
$3.00lhr . • • chedul. a,rlnged. 

SE~ C 5Ii3 
N ... d .eeretlry to an.w., phon ... filing , typing, achedul •• nd s.lary 
open. 
SE~ C 123 
N ... d .lv ... 1 clarlc.1 ,"I.tlnt. fo, .ummer; Mon-FrllI-li; more Info , 
.veillble. 
SEO C GIl 
Som.on. with p .... lng personality; .ccu,.t, typl.t to fill p.rt-time 
rec.ptlonl.t pOiltlon - tz.OOlh, .• chedule e"lnged. 

SE~ C I'D 
N ... d production typllt full-tim.: 4:30 p.m. - 1:00 • . m.; ,130l wk plu • . 
SE~ C 132 
Part· time .eerlt.ry for gen_1 offlc. work ' '2.25l hr. 3 d.V' p.r 
we.k. 
SEO C 133 
Sec,etaryIM.rIowng R_,chlr, - much opportunity fo, .d-
vanc.m.nt; MCIO-tIOOl mo. to ltart; ful~tlml: MO'1 Info .YII .. bll. 

SE~ C MIl 
N •• d p.non with int .... t In lIillng for offic. worlo in lIillng .chool -
schaduling; phon'l; light typing; .2.00fhr. minimum - III .umm.,. 
SE~ C 180 
Som.one who i. f.mili., with Bio-med Lib,ary on c.mpu. to look up 
medical pap.rs/ r.f.renc e articl •• for bibliovraphy; lome X.foxing; 
$2.251 hr. 

SALES 

SE~ D 94 
Need perlon to I •• 11 cand.l.br •• for private indiv idual salary 
arrang.d ... r •• I.I .ehedula .rranged. 
SEO 'D 9!i 
Need , •• 1 estllt ••• I •• person and fin8nci.1 consultantl . salary 
arranged; houn fle.lbll; full or part· time. 
SED 0 91 
Need ener,.tlc peopl. to make appointments for .81 •• r.pr ••• n~ 
tatiVII - $l.tIOl h,. + .ub.t.nti.1 bonue; houn fle.ible; could become 
a permanlnt job fo, June Or September g,.du.te. 

SE~ 0 183 
Person needed to •• 11 fertililer to ,etailltor •• ; good commission. 
SE~ D 41. 
Stone ware •• I .. man n ... dld - sal.rv and schedule .rranged. 
SEO 04liO 
Ne.d . al •• penon. (15) to •• 11 educational m.t"i.l. . p.id on 
cC' mmis.ion . 4-10 p.m . • 
SEO 0 457 
Need s omeone with nice app •• rance & aggr ••• ive perlonality to 
w ork es c.nv ... erl .ppr., ... & .et up Ippolntmant. fo, •• II.man . 
salary 5% of g,o .. sal •• f .chedule fle.ibl • . 
SEO 0463 
Need person with good drive'-, record to make delive,i .. . $2.00/ hr.; 
5 davs pe, wk. 11 a .m .' 3 p.m. 

SE~ 0468 
Person with good driving record & sharp mind to d.liver flower • • 
$l .8S/ hr.; 12·5 Mon-Foi ; .11 d.V Sat. 
SEO 0483 . 
Porson with •• perlence w o rking with public to .erve c ustomer. In 
liQuor store; sa lery & Ichedule .rrenged, 
SEa 0501 
Sale.pe,son lor the summ.r: s.lary & sch.dule .rrengld. 
SEO 0516 
Sevflral people needed to collect donations thru summer, Own 
tran.por.tion; sales 0' public ,.Iationo upe,i.nce h.lpful; t2.50l hr. 
+ commiSlion. 
SEO 0519 
Need s,v,,"lartlcul.t. P.oP" to sail p,oducts oYer th. phone; Mon· 
Fri 5:30-9:30 p.m.l.al.ry .rr.ngld. 
SEO 056li 
Na.t & tidy penon fo, liquor no,. cllrIo; 32-40 hrl. per wk.; .2.tIOl hr. 
SEO D Ii03 
Elect,onic./Ste .. o •• I ..... non n.ed.d; .2.001 hr. + commi •• lon; 
.ch.dule arr.nged. 

SE~ D_ 
Need '.y.r.1 PIOple with Int~ in .. t.iI ... n to worlo In etud.nt 
internlhlP Poeltl_ tNlnlng In .-11 ..... ; $120 ... ' wk.; .ummer; 
fun-time. 
SEO D_ 
20 .lIg ......... 1 •• ,,1_11 to ...... deductlllll ohotOll ...... 
...... Cl; full or "rt-tl_: ,,.,,,,. atNIeht commlaalon ....... on I 
..... _ hour. 

PROFESSIONAL, ARTISTIC AND SCIENTIFIC 
POSITIONS 

SlO'" 
--.. fuII .... ~ .......... fer ___ ....... ........ 
FaraL ...................................... -."',. 
..... 

.01_ 
In". I .............. -'1;" • ""_......" .. _ 
.......,.,.. ",. hI. _ I'" 
SIC). 117 
................................. 0..". aM ........ 
1l1l/I ____ ....., • ..,....,..u I' II 
110 I 411 
, ___ ...... ~ ......... ..., ........ n ..... " 
-II1II: •• II .......................... lUll"'.: "--
"-IIIIa. 

Employment Notes 

"What am I going to do after I leavp UCSD1 " or 
alternatively, "What can I do with my ."ajor?" Most 
every student will ask these questions and find varying 
degrees of satisfaction in the answers . Given today's 
uncertain emplovment situation and the bewildering 
variety of things to do, these are difficult questions, 
espeCially for those about to leave UCSD. 

In thinking about these and related questions each 
person begins with whatever information is available -
some idea of personal interests and abilities, im-
pressions about the society - and goes through the 
process of consciously and unconsciously relating these 
factors together - intellectually, emotionally, and in 
response to social pressures. There are few steadfast 
deCiSions, m ostly interim decisions from one time to 
another and each often based on new factors. 

This kind of process is dup licated In small part 
through the services provided by Career Planning & 
Placement, with the realization, of course, that the 
student carries her/ his own decision-making respon-
sibi li ty . Three broad kinds of "doing areas " are open to 
students. the working world , continu ing education, 
alternative ca reers (or a combination of the three) . 
CP&P has information on the working world (and to <> 
lesser extent on the others) whic h can be obtained at 
the CP&P Library on a se lf-help basis. Limited in-
formational walk-i n advising is also available. 
Assistance in relating this information comes via self-
instructional papers on various topics (studied and put 
to use anytime, anywhere), through the workshops 
(group career assessment) , and through limited in-
dividual counsel ing . 

Now, the corollarv to the first question is " How am I 
going to do it?" One reaction is the "Ci nderella syn-
drome" - waiting for something to happen - or to let 
someone e lse do the deciding A more effective 
response is doing something yourself Fo r instance, you 
can do re earch into information resources at Career 
Planning and the campus libraries, have conver atlons 
with friends, acquaintances , and people actually doing 
what you want to do. Additional CP&P assistance can 
be had in the form of self-ro trll ctional papers, a job-
preparation workshop, and counse ling 

Th purpose behind these activities I for students to 
know their resources and appropriate techniques that 
can be used over and over again 50 that more control 
over one's own situation can be exercised now and in 
the future . All CP&P activities wi ll continue throughout 
the summer and are open to June graduates as well as 
enrolled students. If you can get on ca mpus after classe 
are over, top bv and check us out. 

SEO E 436 
Need two mo,e J.P&n ..... p •• king tou, guidll to give tours of S.n 
Di.go ci ty to touri.t. f,om Japen: mun b. able to d,iv •• nd have CA 
lic."s.; .1.86-.2.50/ hr.; part· t im • . on, cllI. 

SEO E466 
Native spe.ker or very fluent in Hawaiian or Spanish to teach 
language - no teaching experience reQuired; two openings; $6 per 1 Yr 
hrs,; schedule arran ged. 

SE~ E 471 
Need f.m.la sports w,ite, to cove' sto,ie. a. a .. lgned: salarv & 
achedu" arranged. 

SE~ E 4n 
Need two peopl. w ith math or .tati.tic.1 b.ckground to g8ther data 
& do.t.tl.tic.'."aIV.I" $2_91 und.rgr.d /U .tIO g,.d ; Mon· F,i 8-6: 2-3 
mOl. 

SE~ E 502 
Computar p,ogrammer; plrt·time now, full-tim. July 1; .. Iary op.n. 

SE~ E Ii22 
N ... d two Llc.n •• d Voc.tlon Nu .... : tl.60 to .tart; v.riou. ,hilt • . 

SEO E 1>17 
Need one laboratory ... I.tant; .1.75l hr.; 20 hnl wk. 1I •• lble. 

SEOE_ 
Need _ pIr'IOft to wrlta .rtle'" for • pape, in the .... ; .... ry rt 
"""" ... "."..cI. 

SIDE .. 
Need ~ who II verv wall acluCItM In Me".,.n _ • crafta 
IncIudInI poedoua et_ to treveI with .UC1i_ to .... 0: ..... 
I ............ 

Slor_ 
..... 2., ...... wltltll •• "",_tn --. .... rt fIIt:I ~ • 
weill ....... puMe 18 ""' ...... It Del Mer ftIIr: JvM 21-JuIw 4: 
.. tw. + ....... . 

SIOI_ 
"-... ani' ......... .,...,. tar ........ ___ ..-..: 
...... ____ ...... /wIL fer J -. 

laO I 1ft 
0 •• "'111 fw ftw .......... "-'. •• I"C'" __ willi ..... 
__ ...... + ._ ..... na: MOt·It_. 

CP&P Full Time 

Complete des rrptl ons of th S POSition, <HI' I()< .llt'ci 
in the Career Plannln!l & Placement Llbrclry bO II \\(111 
H&SS. otebooks on the long tablE' In thl' IlbrelT\ 
contain th se listings The 5 seqUf'll(e rpprf',pnt' Job 
listings received through the mails . 2000 Sf'qu('n«' ,ob, 
are phoned Into C P&P, and are usually loca I lob, \\11 h 
immediate opening OTE The positions IrstE'cI IlI'r!' 
are only a sampling of the lobs currently 1r,,(('(1 \\lth 
CP&P. 

CPP-2031 
Director; to direct and coord ina te education. recre.tion end social 
s.rvice ac'tivitie. for II Senior Citizen Center. Should be bi -lingual 
tSpanish); d.gree in soc. lei. !San Ysidro) Thi. position must be filled 
by 1 Juna. ·14. 
CPP·5314 
Drug Abula Counselor; to do full-time counseling of drug related 
p,obl.m s. BA. in Soc. Work or P.ychology & 6 month .. e.p ISan 
Diego. 
CPP-5315a 
Principal Engineering A id; involves the design, laNice. maintenance. 
and repair of complex opt ic ·electronic svstems of the laser Strain 
meters al well IS programm ing and computing fo r the dat8 
reduction. Two vears of colleoe work w ith courses in engineering Or 
related f ield or eQuivalent combination o f educ. and exp, (San Diego] 
Recruitm.nt p.riod end. 611114. 
CPP·5315b 
Administrative Assistant I; .. t up one staff office to serve f.cufty . 
s tudents . a nd people from community inter.lted in Center for 
Iberian and utin American Studies. Organize symposia. seminars , 
commu nity event •. p,oposals and budgets. Bi· lingual . .. horth.nd . 
typing. and w riti ng. Three y.a .. e.p tSan Di.gol D.adline 6/10174 
CPp·5315c 
Laboratorv A .. ist.nt I; 13 p.m. - 11 p.m . • hiltl; p.rfo,m venipuncture 
on about 50 patient. each evening and .. ch Saturday morning 
logging in the sampln. c.nt,ifuglng the b'ood .ampl •• to up.,.ta 
pla.ma from c.II., removing pla.m. IImple •• nd trlnsferring th.m 
to app,opriately I.bell.d contain.n. Con.idar.ble up. in drawing 
blood from human s ubje cts with expertl •• and experience In abo..,e 
..... of ... pon, ibility. ISan oi.go) 
CPP·5320 
Public Administrative Analvst II; a •• i.t. in preparation of dflta ~ 
construction of specialized r",arch inst ruments; interviews end 
questionnairel; administer. and analvz •• data on s taff activities and 
p.tient "'Nic ••. MA. in Soc. Sci. end si. months ' •••• rch upa,. or 
an equ ivale nt combination of education and axp . I Davi.~ C A ) 
CPP-5321. 
Pollution Control Scientist; lab. development of fine particulate 
8erosol generation sYltems and measuring ins'truments to b. used in 
the evaluation of industrial particulate emislions control sVltems. 
Entry level pOliti on. Applica nts should be a r.cent gred. In Ph'tilci or 
Appl ied Sci. IRIverside, CAl 
CPP-5321b 
Junior Engineer; IS silt in the installation. operation and evaluation 
of state· of· the·art air pollution control equipment on a pilot Dlent 
scale. Participate in the performance evaluation of control equip-
ment for industria' emissions. Recent grad. in Chemical or 
Mechan ical Engin.ering. t R iv.~ide . CAl 
CPP-5323 
8 .5" M.S ., or M.A .. g,adu.t. with a form.1 educetion in some IIpeet 
of physiology to loin a Blomedicll Rlle.rc h Group; .dlptabl. to • 
large varietv of activiti •• within the r •• e.rch group. Knowledge of 
c ompute,. and progremming i. not n.c •••• ry. but should b. willing 
to le.rn at 1 •• lt Fonra" and computer operation. Work involve. 
preparing .nim.ls fo, studv (i. e., animel s urgery); a .. i.t in r.cordlng 
el.ctricII potential from the h •• rt. monitoring dati fiI... .nd 
pnp.ring data for public.tion. IDown.y. CAl 
CPP 5328a 
Staff R ..... 'ch ASloci.te I; a .. i.t Project L •• d.r in ell ph .... of 
apiculture r .... rch proiect. conduct studiel on p ... ticidal and 
bacteri.1 effects on honeybee, and maintain all phas ... of University 
apiary. Requir .. degree andl or comparable ex p.r. in entomologv 
and biology .nd ability to cl •• sifv immature .nd adult ins.cts. 

t R iv~rsid., CAl 

ENTERTAINMENT AND SPORTS POSITIONS 

SEO F 71 
Several openings for t.1I girls IS"'" and ove,) to po .. cloth.d lor.rt 
cI ..... - f3.ODl h,.; 12 hra. per wk. 

SE~ F 76 
Ne.d Jezz band; sallrv arranged; 5-6 nighn; 5 hrs. per night. 

SEO F 306 
Need person to do odd jobs around the house; run errands. ect .. no 
babysitting. Will b. lun( $25 par wk. 

SEO F 487 
Need two flag football co.che. for 5, 6, " & 8 grid .. ; previoul •• 
oe,ience r.Qu ir.d: Sl.OD/ h,. Mon-hi 3-5 p.m. thru Juna. 

SE~ F 488 
Need piano In.tructor to t ... ch adv.ncld pi.no I ... on.; s.lary & 
schedule .,rangld. 

SEa F.'. 
P"no 'nlltructor for blvinnars; all boolt. & nee_rv mete,ill will 
be .upplled; '1.10 "... .... on plu. _ . 

SlOFm 
Llheuard • Inatruc10f '0' chilcl...,' thN 15; need WSI; '15 _ wit. + 
_rtb-a 

Due to ...-ce limits, not aU 
positions we,. printed. Vleh the 
SEO place for more. 

PAlle 11 Triton Times, June ], 1974 



.---. ........ ---------~--------announcements---....... 
AMES F< J. SERIES- SPRINO 
QUARnll '- 1m JUNE 4. 
PlACE: 1':0& UH. TIME: 12:00 · 1:00. 
DAY: TUES. 1114' 

Floyd Geffney'a clMa "Stud" In 
D.nce Forma" will parfcwm tfIeIr 
fln.1 d.nc. compoaltlona on 
Tuea .• June 4 .t 1 p.m. In the 
UCSD Th .. tr. . Th. ump~a 
community ia Invited - no .d· 
mi.lon cher .... 11141 

June 4. TuNd.y. "Humen Health: 
A P.rapectiv. on M.n" - . lectur. 
by Dr. Jona S.lk. R .. ldent 
Fellow. The S.lk Inltltut • . 7·10 
p.m. in the L.r .. S.mlner Room. 
South Bldg .. M.in Fl.. of Th. S.lk 
Inltltut •. 101)10 North Torrey Pln.a 
Rd .. L. Jol ... Admililon : $7. 11141 

NOTICE. The D.b.te Soci.ty will 
m •• t at 4 PM TU'I Jun. 4 for a 
dilc of ita .ctiviti.. for the 
coming y •• r. The mHt will be 
h.ld In the 2nd floor conf rm by 
the Itud.nt offlc ... And .nyon. 
who il int.r.lt.d in In· 
t ... cho ... tic for.nllc .ctlvlty or 
d .. matic int.rp il invited to com • . 
11141 

wednesday 
SEX CLINIC • Wade U pm. 
Revel .. CounMI_ OffIc. IN.1It 
to the Provoet 0ffIc.1. Ext. zztI . 
Info and Couneellntl on .. xual 
probl.m • . Judy Jorgenaon M.D. 

Hugh P.tM. Ph.D. IEII 

wanted 
Nationel Geogr.ph,cs 1 .. ·74. Ski 
pol .. for h.ight 5'7" to 6'2" . C.II 
463-4914. 16/4' 

Driller Want.d - going to Pho.nlx 
Jun. 24. Help w Ig .. and drilling . 
271 ·Q2J2. 16/7) 

- TELESCOPE In r.ng. of 
or f / 7 n.wtonian. Call 563· 

ellIM. (6 /71 
Wanted: Lugg.g. reck for VW. 
Kethy 276·0030. 16/7' 

WANTED: Rid .... to gO North •• 
f.r ., tha B.y Area on June 17th. 
CIII Rick at 412· 1747. 11m 

Ride n •• d.d to Walhington D.C. 
• ttar finel. · 453-0701 Jim 

I SINot,.,.. 1&/ 71 

WANTED: V'fI/ Sug roof luggag. 
r.ck. also a bike .. ck for •• m • . 
Pl .... cIIi 462·1058. 16/71 

. 28mm l.nI for :'fimm 
. Paul x 2 498 or 274-4IMII. 11/71 

D' Gals for bach. party 
Free booz • . food. good 

time. Craig m ·6787. 16/ 71 

STEREO - I am looking for. lI.ry 
low pri ced tuner' lmp and 
sp .. k ... · cali 463-2586. 16/7) 

IIOCHEMISTRY by l.hning.r; 
GENETICS by SI.ckb.rg.r. 
ORGANIC CHEMISTRY by 
M.,rieon. Boyd l3Ed . , ; L.ur. 
411.1M . . ~/7I 

DEAOLINE FOR CALPIRO 
BALLOTS Ie Wed. afternoon. June 
I. P'- drop your beUo. In the 
bOIl .. In the libra"'. cet ........ 
or 8tudent C1r.. or mell the 
p08ta .. peld beHot to u.. W. 
muat h.v. tham b¥ then to .n· 
nounc. the _Ita In the leat TT 
leeu •. 11141. 

PoIy ...... n D.nc.: TN H. NoeIanl 
Co. Invltea you to loin .u .. _ 
c....... Wed. eve. 1:30. Int'l. 
Center. D.ncea of ..... 11 T.hItI. 
Samoa. M.orI. ez . month tor 7 
I .. aonl. T.u.ht by H.w.1I 
.... dent. former PoIynu"n en-
t.rtalner. 11m 

Would you lik. to grow your own 
VEGETABLES thle lumm.r or 
next y •• r? Th. ORGANIC GAR· 
DEN SOCIETY will hold two 
org.niz.tlonel mHtlngl. 
1. TODAY .t 4:00 In USB 3Q2D. 
2. Wed. June 5 .t 7:30 P.M. In USB 
3Il10. C.II Michael SulUvan for 
furth.r Info: 412·1. 11/41 

The ORGANIC GARDEN SOCIETY 
ANNOUNCES It I I.cond 
organlzatlon.1 meet for .nyon. 
Int.r.at.d In growing their own 
VEGETABLES. FRUITS end 
FLOWERS. PI.nty of good I.nd 
.nd tooll .v.lI. Wed .• June 5. 7:30 
p.m. In USB 3OIiO. C.II Mlcha" 
Sulllv.n for furthar Infl!. 412·1" 
1114, 

3 Sdrm. for r.nt in P.B. for 
lumm.r. 2 peopl. t200 3 ppl . • 250. 
Call 270-1130. 18/7) 

Rmmt. w.nted own rm. unfur. 
aliaU June 15 Ya blk to b.lch non· 
amkr Abby 753-1594 ev./ wknd. 
1617' 

Seach cottage .t ocean for rent 
from 9·74 to ~75 compl.t.ly 
furn lsh.d·d.luxa apply at 1702 S . 
Pacific. Oc.aneld. 729 ... 746. 1p6/71 

Two bedroom apt. for rent. 
G.n .... HIgh"nd. ,t.rtl.,. mid· 
June. C.II 463-7156 or 276 ..... 
11/71 

M." or Fem." Room",at. for P S 
Apt Avail 5-10 .'lnon. '272...".. 
18m 
ApI. for lent. IN!euUfplly fl4!' 
nl.had. Pool. Bay view . •• mo. 
AIIeM JUM~""" ____ .... 
ipll7l -' " 

H.lp l F. gred need 'OWn rm. cl ... 
to UCSD atartlne 1/24/74. M.H.n. 
,,3010. 11171 

Fern. Rmmte w.nted to sh.r. 
place in downtown LJ. Aug 1·Sap. 
16 C.II Lindl. 463-1187. 18/71 

Roomm.te n"d.d for Summ.r 
Bird Rock. L.J . Oc .. n VI.w Own 
Room·.1oo mo . • . ,.,.. 1117' 

1 or 2 f.m . no-.mok. w.nt to 
• her. W VIII.g •• pt. In f .. 1 with 2 
of Mm.? Laa&Ie 412·_. 11m 
L.rg. badrm .. fum. w/w.ter bed. 
in Sol. Such.""'ld JQM to mid 
Sept .., 10 .1 penon. '.121 for • 
c ...... ff.w ... d ,...,. I'm 

euor ~ ........ "'.t. Wantwd f_ 
'._. Own Rm. 11\' N. Clrmnt, mlmo. + ut. R ___ ·1141 or 
' .... JII7I. 

thursday 
Final m .. t. of the CLINICAL 
PSYCHOLOGY group Thura .. Juna 
I .t 7:30 p. m. In the R." .... Formal 
Lou,.. •. Plena for nut year will b. 
dItc. With • little .uppOft, thII 
group cen ... nv do • lot of lood 
thlntI •. Further Info .• c.N Bred .. 
-.1114' 

THE ASIAN · AMERICAN 
STUDENT ALUANCE: AASA will 
heve •• hort but Important meat. 
co_nln. thli pe8t y .. r·1 IUrn-
UP . • nd next year'a ac:tlvltl ... I 
p.m. Thura. June I •• tthe Inform.1 
Lou.,. •. Any_ that .. Inter .. ted 
II Invited. com. .nd .Iv. your 
though.. 11141 

Jun. I. Thu ... "P.rfect Llnle 
P"c •• - Cultu,. G.ner.ton of the 
N.w World?"-.n urb.n .n· 
thrapoloel8t·. vIIIon. Richard D. 
J_. urban .nthropologlat. 7·10 
p.m.. Room 1310. HS&S Bldg. 
Muir C.mpul. UCSD. La JoI ... 
Adml .. lon: ... 11/4, 

Thu,.. June I. 4:00. SLOAN IN· 
FORMAL SEMINAR "Chen_ In 
Rat C.... .nd Synep... In the 
Cort.x ... R.ult of Exp.rI.nc .... 
Dr. M.r"n D"mond. Aeaoc. Prof. 
of Phy.lology .nd Anetomy. Unlv. 
of C.IIf .• B.,....,. lopen to the 
public,. Room 110&. B •• lc Sclenc. 
Bldg. U.C. San DI.go School of 
Medicine. 11/41 

Girls t.n 'PHd blcycl. for Hie. 
Needl work. 21.00. C.II .ft.r 6 It 
m ·53n. Ok.y?17 11/4' 

GARRARD SL 72B with B ••• and 
DUltcover .75. <452·11535. 18/7' 

GARAGE SALE: GOODIES 
GALORE Kitchenwar. furniture 
cloth.. 8960 Camlnlto 0.1 Vida 
PI8ymor • . 16171 

TV color conlol • . • 70. exc.llent 
condo H .... n lana. 1666 or 156-
8D07. I p6/71 

SURFBOARD 7'4" patch.d but 
.ood .hllpe. t30. c.1I M.rk 4&3-
.. or xt. 1146 1114' 

ALL INTERESTED WOMEN: 
ASSUTION TRAINING 
SEMINAR. June Ith .nd 7th .... 
to I. C.II Rac:ce or Alice. X271I. for 
'mora Info. 1114' 

general 
How wi. you vot.ln the June 4th 
INtmerv ~7 Co- to Cluater 
underg ...... HINery to checll 
the election Info otI the can-
dide •• nd propoaItIona befcwe 
you ceat that bellot. 11/4' 

CAL· PIRG ELECTIONS V.lldllted 
t .. c.rdl .nd ballota for the CAL· 
PIRG Board of Dlrect_ election 
heve been melled. Studenll .r. 
ur •• d to vote promptly .nd 
ballotl m.y b. dropped off In the 
bellot box.. loc.ted In .11 the 
lib ........ nd the Muir .nd R.v.lI. 
cefeterie .. EI.ctlon .nd. June 7th 
(1m 

WRITING CLINIC - If you hev. 
difficulty gettln. your IdeM down 
on pepar or you limply w.nt to 
Improve your wrttllll .111... the 
Writing Clinic cen _Iat you. TN 
Writing Clinic I. not • cl .... but. 

' fr.. ..rYlce. Writing advlc. I. 
off.red on • on.to-\"M beel. on 
cou .... papen. lob .ppHcetion •• 
proPoMI ••• chol.rly .rtlcl •• -

. whallnr tha need. If w. can 
..... t you In .ny w.y. pi .... 
com. In to our .- loc.tlon: Bldg. 
20. Rm. m4 IMuir C.mpu.' or 
cell our new •• tenelon: 1 .... 11/71 

S.moved pur. brHd mal. fre. to 
good lOlling homl w / y.rd 
bNutlful .ffectlonate c.1I Nina 
46~ 7110 or -'7800. 11171 

H.rdly uled high Flange 31 hoi. 
Phllwood r .. r Hub Eng. Thr •• d, 
.15. 462·8463. 16/ 71 

Porecha carbo Z.nlth rbt. t40. 
K •• tinger hik. bootl, Ilze 7Ya .• 15. 
462·0196. 16/71 

lost & found 

' ''23'' 

The followi,.. ertlct.. _ In the 
TT lcet .nd found: ~11."'_kar. · 
.w •• tlhlrt. 3 not.booll.. In · lIert"" ZooI".. CiIIM. _1I.t. 
.,.. _.3 .. t of kwfI. alide rul •. 

wi... cer r~on. 3 10' .... rnn •• 
ram_bIe fin. good c~ . • mllWt watch. ".... ce.- .... '# you 
....... off • . 1M. Chri • . 11/7' .re ml"'l11 one of theM tJ:Mn ... 

-'· '1W1 " ," ;'- • 
\. . ...... . 

METAL CABINET- I ' tall with 
locking doo,.; m or off. call Jim 
_5471. 11/71 

Dilhwuh.r .40/ off.r 453·3804. 
111/71 

" Rallaigh" .Ingle IPd .• light·wt .• 
men'l 19" . Vinyl . fo.m . comfort 
,e.t; g.n. · lt. ; full I.g·.xt.; Ex. 
condo H.gg". 452-«110. 11/7' 

3 Ipd.. 7Ya " r •• 1 at ... o 
tap.recorder wI Ipk... p.tch 
cordi. mlk ... tep... + .... mOl . 
old . • 1.. 412·_ Eu.-., 11m 

SURFBOARD: \IIar!)on4 tall. T1" 
/IOdine ..... Marll.4I2-1tGI.(II7' 

" .OSE ~, . Dlrectlftefl.ctln, 
..... .,~ .... Wrlta Johll 

........... WInlhrOtl St.. 58. 
t:m7. ~1ItI . 

Found·Sued. Jeck-' Frl. M.y 31 In 
HL12O&. Daecrlbe It. Itl youra. C.II 
683··I263eIl.". 11/71 

. 

serviCes 
Portr.ita. color or B&W. Cr .. tiv • . 
If not .. tilfi.d. don't pay. ChNPI 
463-8721 11/4' 

MONEY · nlHUl .om.1 Will p.y for 
h.lp In writing Blo term pep.r • 
pop ,tudy Call Toni 15I3-37JO (1171 

PROBLEM PREONANCY HELP 
Abortion or K.'pln, Fre. 
pNgn.ncy t.ltl"" .nd con· 
fldent .. 1 COUIIHI'ne on .. I the 
.hern.tlVM. Birth _ .... ctlnlc. 
alRTH CONTROl. • ...mu" __ 
.. , "n) ... 'J 

DRIVEAW~Y ;., ';"on ... ~ 
Ictloql'l out. Atl .JIpen... peld. 
H.rl.n I.afte * ,... or -..007. leuba .. ...,.: tlnk. pack. J ·valve Ipl/71 f • 

... .I __ ~ ,ll8u,,: xlnt. condo " 

ATTENTION PREMEDS AP· 
PLYING TO MEDICAL SCHOOL 
THIS IUMMER: A .. miner on 
"How to FIll Out the AMCAS 
Appllcetlon" will be held FrI .. 
June 7. 1174. ~ p.m. In Rm. 1. 
BSB. F.cllltatora wiN be M,.. Jean 
P.rII •• Premed Adviaor. .nd Dr. 
Chartea Spooner. o.n ot Ad· 
ml •• lon.. UCSD School ot 
Medicine. ThI. very Informetlve 
_Iner I. • one-tim. only of· 
ferI,.. ._red by the Premed 
Club. 11171 

A H8t of aprIntI 1174 .,..... 
from Muir College wilt be poeted 
ou .. de the Muir Col .... Provoat 
OffIce. 
Muir eu .. mer ..... on .raduatlon 
cendIdetN: P..... contact M • . 
W.mer In the Muir Provet OffIce 
to .rra,... .n .ppolntm.nt for 
your final ........ chac:1I .nd to fI .. 
your c.ndldacy c.rd. 11/71 

Jun. I. S.t. "Nutrition Up· 
dated" - R08lyn AIfIn·SI.ter. Ph.· 
D .. UCLA Prof_or of Nutrition. 
.nd Dr. Derrick B. Jelllff •• Prof. of 
Ped .. trica .nd Pubic Health. 
UCLA School of Public H .. th ... .. 
a.m.·1 p.m .• ROOM 2100 ..... c 
Scl.nc. eulldlng. School of 
Medlcln.. MC. UCSD. La Jolla. 
AdmlMlon: ... Includ .. refr .. h· 
m.nta. 11171 

Third ColI.g. ,..Id.nt .dvl.or 
po.ltion op.n to .11 Third Colleg. 
nud.nt. with • 3.0 GPA. Pl .... I.. the etud.nt .mployment 
office for. r.f.".1 .lIp. 11/41 

IUBJECT A PROFICIE 
EXAM: Anybody who 11111 haa 
"IUBJ A REOO" on .... tranacrlpt 
ahould t.lI. the Subl.ct A 

profIoI~ .um .Iven .t the and 
of thle q..--. TN ._ I.n 
...,. wrt ..... In FellI'" to .n 
.rtlcl. "".n out et the ... m' will 
be Gffwed June 7th In Rm ZIIO 
H .... You mey come any tim. 
~ 2:CII end 7''' 111ft lind 
have untl ... pm to write. For 
more Info. IubJect A requirement 
com. toHIt" all or ceH X1l44 
11171 

WRITING TUTORS NEEOEO: The 
Llt/Entl 10 Compoeltion Program 
need. :'311 eddltlonel tutora for 
F.IL 1174. OuellfICIItiona .... 3.0 
GPA. upperdlvlelon _ndln •• nd 
wrltln •• blllty. Tutora receive 4 
unl. of credit ILit/Gen 1M1 the 
flrat qu.rter thay tutor .• nd .110 
or credit In .ubeeQuent querta,.. 
Inqulr •• t the Lit 10 office. 2ID24 
HItSS or cell x1'" If you .,. 
Int .... ted In applvlntl. 11/71 

Greduetilltl 8tuden. or atudantl 
not plennlng to return to UCSD 
for the fa. 1174 querter beelnnlng 
Sept 11. 1P4. .nd who have 
out.t.ndln. N.tlon.1 Dlr.ct. 
National Def_. Educetl_1 Fea 
Def.rment. H .. lth Profeallonl, 
R ... ntl· or other type loana. 
.hould cont.ct the Lo.n 
ColI.ctlon Offlc.. 204 MC. 
r ••• rdlng .n .xlt Int.rvl.w. 
D.fNm.nt of p.ym.nt. .nd 
pertlal canc.l .. tlon of loana m.y 
b •• v.ll to you. C.II SUMn or Flo. 
.xt 211 •. for your .xlt Interview 
.ppolnt. 11m 

TENNIS LESSONS· St.v. S .... n JJ - Did you have • H.ppy 
(Unlt.d St.t.. Prof ... lon.1 y .. t.rd.y? With lov. from your 
T.nnl. A"oc"tlonl __ 3lI5 11/71 luv · SJ 11/4) 
Ev.ning Tribune Rout. Op.n at La SAS: no m_ge. I just thought 
Joli. Vill.g. Ap.rtm.nt. on you might Ilk. to _ your inltl.l, 
Gillm.n Drive. C.II ~141 11/71 In print. Luv B.b. O·RI .. y (1 /4) 

travel 
11th ANNUAL JET FLIGHTS 

Europ.: from .336 round trip 
Jap.n: From ..... round trip C.II. 
Bill. Stud.nt R.p. 1lD-1287 Gel 
Ov.rl.nd Av... D.pt. B. Culver 
City. (Ftm 

L .. B. No gut.? Okl It ', flnl.hed 
but 10 .re you · I' ll vl,lt you und.r 
cob.lt tr.tm.nt. PL03 18141 

To m.'. nude on 7th floor m.ln lib 
~2I: Shekeapear. II more in· 
t.reatlng than your .natomy. 11/4, 

To LCM .lIea The O ... t White 
Whal.: Good Lucll on YOUr Chern. 

-SSW TRAVEL OFFlCE ON Teat. Captain A¥b. II/~' 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS In· 
_"onal C,,-.c~ 10-12 
_m deliv. 2-1 Dm MW~. Chan.. 
Rightl. Int'I tD CerdIa. Eurall • 

J .J .: D"-, our velocity curv. 
my......... hN """ "'e.G-
'*'u.a.1v Jlne. I met you. T. '1/4' 

'Tripping. O...,hountt. ,... elrtItIe ........ . 
tlcIwta •• tc. IPl/7' JrYRI In yOU t.v .... xy...,1 41/4' 

EUROPE . ISRAEL . AF~;CA " ~. " .. " .•. 
Student FII.h. .11 YNr round WIDENED "Hi...I·m Rocll.t J . 
CONTACT: ISCA .... Unlve,.lty Squirrel .. (114' 
Av • . • " S.n Diego. Calif. 12111 
TEL: 1714, 287·3010 (213' .... 
I 111m 

..personals 
FANTASY? REALITY? Tomy 
.I.v.tor friend of 2A-t. M.y 28: 
Pl •••• r.turn. Let UI .her. good 
new.. b.d n_l. f.nta.I... & 
r.allti... Adv.nture i. the k.y. 
Wayn • . 2011 Ya Alb.tros. 11/71 

TlOHTlUNS- W. think that we 
lhall nev.r .. e tight.rbuna than 
thoe. on th ... B.O.M.A. (114, 

Jim: how can I thank you for our 
y .. r toglther? Hop. you ... my 
lova thru my amll ... Lou. (1/41 

L.E.W.: W.II. thl. Ie it. Don't 
b.lI.v. wh.t they tell you. Kinky. 
Bo.co. 11/41 

Dear John: .. II GI.gl - ha know. 
m.(butenlv In tha BlbHc .. ·.en .. ' . 

To the aspiring tock .ta .. of N.3: (1/4' 
W. reallz. your undenl.bl. n .. d 
to llrac:lice. !MIt not 'On u.. (1/4' 

I .m .atout ready to .Iv. up . 
Water mel_ won't be ..... 0"", 
...... 1IoIne .lat nut wMII. 11/41 

DAN- I. thll what It taliea to 
mlk. yoU happy? Hello from MJ . It'" 

JAMES WHITMAN . I'Yl GOT 
YOU PINNED It PIANO WIRE 
WAITING. NO ~ORE ~S. 
RAPER. 11/4' 

.(". 
ATTN "Ucao": Au ~ 
10 .... fIIhtInI cheno4! '" 
dl","ll8Ot()Ntllltll,* '. , !IH 

,, < ~. • \ .• 
K.,.., I ..,.. tNtt ..... _.-.... . 
b ................. .. 
~.IIt1 
~AT! WJotnte: »bdrm .1.. .... I¥)leelar. 413·. "'"ng , ... ,. II •• ' ....... , la' ~ tn lnai .... ."..., It u". " ,'": .. '::JO oe .. n .. car O'eI ... "', 'An J . T. Tha Or. of 'MuclVile "V- "HIt 
_ 01 ........ ~ 11/71 ...;.. . • _ old ... Pioneer 712·1170. 11/41 • . am •• 0 get .m •• nd elide to the 

,. . "', .... ·...,./~O .4 'P.: '. '. " , ... on Frtdey.~· (II. 
. ·.··~·710 4U- "~·"'1Ine ~ Iearft. MW. 

.... "' ... .......... 1_ ''' ' ; . •.. 1 • . ltlJ' "' .. nd""' · ~..,. ;..;It,IDMEN: ..... been......., .... t 

...... U~ ...". ""'.. ·. !Jj(1I 
--... t 

• au¥8Oo'1D. <:.me ........... . 
............. _J·.c: ..... ~I1 ...... -
+' .. iii cell BiU .. __ ,.. .. Iii71 

. ~ . 

Indealt Refrig. 6 w . It. elIIIMt _ 
aac:eI. cotlll. 1ft_ ..... MeI!. off. 
. ·ma. 1t/7) 

, ' •• l" 11 Trilon Tim" .. . ,unt' I. 1974 

TI ..... ...,..- ... ..... 
IU"lt •• kIIUl • . " ..... Dn.1 
T.nnl. AMeetltl ... , _a,... 
l1li171 

~ortrelta. oeIer ........ c..tive. 
If not ......... .dDWt .... CMePI 
4IU7a. lII7I 

""X ''II . ~ • ......,....7 We w_ hOtllne 'or • n.tI aM 1JIMd ' 
.. num ........ THY 1 • . 1114t 

Joel Z1mmbelmen • Oon't 80 R1'O - UttII ............. ,..."" .. 
~. We .N lowe yeu. • ...... ~ ........ " ... ... 
Derek . (1/41 O8n't ell lie --.. c:IK. 11141 


