
Volume 23, Nllmber 13 UCSD Monday, October21, 1974 

UC President Hitch Will Retire. 
Regents OK 
UCSDBudget 

The few agenda items per-
tai ning to ucso were routine ly 
passed at last week 's meeting of 
the University of Ca lifornia 
Reg nts. 

The major event of th 
me ting were the announcem nt 
by UC President Chari Hitch of 
hi retirement (s e story thiS 
pJge) and the pas ing of the 
$189 .2 million budget for 1975-
1976 

Uni Hospital Use 
The only UC 0 Item were 

proposa ls to expand allocation 
tor work on University Hospital's 
planned clinica l facility and to 
allow students at the UniverSity 
of an DIC'go ami Point Loma 
(ollpgC' to II e facilille at tlU' 
hospita l Ac cording to Chan ellor 
M( [Iroy , both Items passed 
('aslly 

The UC budgpt for next year, 
~\hlc h repre ents a 1'; percent 
Innea e over thl year' budget, 
~"as pas d by the R ~ nts as 
propo ed by Hitch and th 
Committee on rinance 

Although there had been 
speculation that the n w budget 
would gain gub rnatorial ap-
prova l si nce Governor Reagan 
wil l have left offi e, both 
Dpmonat Edmund G Brown, Jr. 
and Republican Houston '1. 
rtou rnoy have said they would 

.( onslder the expand d budget 
carefully befor approving it. 

With U. of Chile 

Wzlliam McElroy Charles Hitch 

Brown Leads UCSD Poll; 
Incumbants Also Ahead 

by James G. Soto 
A strah' poll taken at U SD 

show that Fdmu nd G Brown Jr , 
Alan Cranston and [velie Younger 
are the leading candidate but 
many students are still un-
declcled 

The poll , taken last week, 
sampled 87 students from 
Revelle, MUir , and fourth 
College. The results from Third 
College were not available at 
press tim The poll attempted to 
get a proportional sampl of the 
differ nt groups at U D 

The Triton Times found that 
stude nt were more 
knowledgeable about th 
gubernatorial ampalgn betwe n 

I:dmund G Brown Jr , the 
Dpmocrat and Houston rtournoy, 
th Republi an, than the oth r 
rac(' 

Brown was the chOice of 45°0 
of UC D undergraduate while 
r ournoy had the support of 23 'lo 
of the vot r J2'lu were un-
deCided The stronghold of 
Brown's support IS at MUIr 
College where 55'lu favor the 
Secretary of tat Houston 
rlournoy was strong st at Fourth 

ollege where he held a thre to 
one advantage over Brown but 
the sample wa too mall to 
(' tabllsh a trend 

Exchange Program Kept 

Brown was favored by more 
III a I than f males 48°" of 
U D mal favored Brown while 
only 41 'l" of UCSD females 
prefered Brown Many of th 
undecided females al 0 expressed 
their displ a ure for 'J erry Brown 

De pite criticism from various 
stud nt and faculty groups and 
from two UC campus Academic 
Senates, the nll1e-year-o ld ex-
chang of students and faculty 
members between the Univer-
sities of California and Chile will 
conti nue. 

A group of UC professors and 
ad ministrators who recently 
vis ited the university, whose head 

a former general in the Cbilean 
ir Force, have recommended to 
C President Charles Hitch that 

exchange be continued, but 
a reduced level. It is expected 

Hitch will accept that 
rec.onlmpn,rl",tion . 

U LA han ellor Young, who 
heads the committee that 
control s the x hange, said th 
program helps those stud nt and 
faculty members in Chile who 
want to increase the level of 
academ i freedom at the 
university. 

Critics of the exchange hold 
that UC's onti nued participation 
stands as tacit approval of the 
military takeover of Chi le a year 
ago. 

One member of the group that 
visited Chile said that the day-to-
day operation of the university is 
supervised by a former dean of 
the engineering facu lty there, and 
not by the ex-general 

aying that they would absolutely 
not vote for Brown 

Among undecided voters, there 
was a I:\en ral feeling that Brown 
and rlournoy were very sim ilar In 
their thinking and that there was 
no real difference b tween the 
two Other students felt that the 

lectlon of Brown or Flournoy 
would not change the way 
Cali fornia was being run One 
Chicano student at . Muir said he 
was voti ng for O lga Rodriguez of 
the Socialist Workers Party. 

Alan Cranston piled up the 
largest lead of any of the thre 
frontrunners . The Incumbent 
Cranston leads_ Republi can H. L. 

Continued on P'-Ie 7 

McElroy Mentioned as Possible 
Replacement; Would Not Serve 

by John H. Taylor 
Charles Hitch, the man who led the University of California 

through an era of academic turmoil and tight budget , will retire 
the post of UC Pre idem this June. 

, 6S and 7'/2 
I n a new conference Friday follOWing the Regents' general session 

in San Francisco, Hitch told reporters that by June he will be 65 years 
old, and will have erved for 7 '/2 years as Pr sldent He added that " 6') 
and 7 V2 are r asonabl and appropriate numbers In present-day (Ir-
cumstances . I doubt that any future preSidents of the Unlver Ity will 
serve as form r UC Presid nt Bob Sproul did for 28 years I doubt that 
any will want to or b allowed to " 

According to the Los Angeles Tim S, Chancellor McElroy has be n 
mention d in sp cu latlon a to pOSSible replacem nts for Hitch, along 
With UCB Chancellor Bowker, UC vice-preSident McCorkle, UCLA 
Chancellor Young and HEW secretary Caspar Weinberger 

Would Not Accept 
McElroy, reached yesterday at University Hous , said that "people 

always like to speculate," and added that he would not accept thl:' 
presidency If h were nominated by the regental search committee 
that will be apPOinted soon ' I'v got a Job to do h r ," he add d 

When asked to comment on Hitch's t nure as Prpsldpnt, the 
Chancellor said, "Since I've been here, he's done an out tandln~ Job " 
He Ited the budget, capital Improvements, and medical bond~ as 
Hitch's chief areas of ucces 

McElroy aid Hitch had been exp~ct d to r tire ometlmp \\ithll1 th(' 
year, but that the timing had been surprl Ing 

Hitch came to the Unlv rSlty of California when student actl' I'm 
was at Its height, and had to deal Immedlat Iy ... Ith the contrO\er~y 
ov r Eldridge Cleaver's apPointment to teach a cours at Berkeley. and 
the f!flng of Angela DaVIS a an a I tant profes or 01 philmophy at 
UCLA DUring the ame period, Hitch was faced ... Ith riots at Regent' 
meetings at both UCLA and at UC C 

Budget Cuts 
At the same time, Hitch found that the budget 'h and the regents 

formulated wer not acceptable to Governor Reagan Conflict Del... n 
th O University and the governor's office had b gun Immedlat Iy upon 
Reagan's election In 1966, \', hen he fired then-UC preSident Clark KPrr 
and lashed the fir t UC budget pre ented to him by 20 per ent 

Although budget totals In numbers of dollars have Increased dUring 
Hitch's preSidency, Hitch doe n't f I Reagan ha changed hiS attitude 
toward the unl erSlty He told the Times, " The budget went up In 
actual dollars, but If you correct for inflation they went do.\ n rathf'r 
sharply In the first few years (of Ragan 's administration) and then 
leveled off" He added that p r- tudent upport by the state ha 
de rea ed 20 to 25 p rcent 

Hitch's optlml m about the end of Reagan ' admlnl tratlon I~ 
refl cted In th 15 percent increase In the budget propo ed by hI' 
offi e and accepted Friday by the Board of Regent 

,...------The Cand idates-------.. 

O'Connor Endorsed 
Alan ran ton plugged the 

candidacy of olleen O 'Connor In 
a fundral 109 affair whi h al 0 
aw the appearance of Maine 
enator Edmund Muskie aturday 

night In an Diego 
O'Connor i running a close 

se ond In th polls behind 
longtime incumbent Bob Wi! on 
for election to an Diego' 41 t 

ongresslonal 01 tri t ran ton 

wa p aklng at a fllndral~lng 
dinner and pral ed 0' onnor ,l S 
the ort 01 p r on ... ho , .. ould 1)(' 
able to mal-e C ongres ... orl- morC' 
effiCiently 

Muskle pral ed the .\-ork of 
Cran<;ton and attack'd tht' 
economic program 01 Pre Id nt 
Ford' administration d' being 
Inadequat to olve the problems 
of inflation 

People Come In, Tell Us, "Write a Story about Parking! All the Lots are Full!" Sure 

AU sorls of people have 
as~ea liS 10 wrile Slones 
abo 111 Ihe dire crowd'"g ,,, 
Ihe pari""8 lois [left] . After 
hOllrs oj eailor;al co,, · 
SlIllalio", we pili ollr lOp 
i"vesligalifle reporlers oil 
Ihe Slory. Whal Ihey joll"d 
was aboll1439 e",p'1 par~i"g 
spaces "orlh of MII,r College 
[righ/] . 

Try 'm, fo/~s . They really 
wor~. 



The Crawling Eye Report 

( 1,,11I, 
JI.'~" ~ 
ti lt? ( •• "II.,~ f';f' 

Bugging Big Brother : Oe5 
Eleven years ago this November, President John 

F. Kennedv was slaughtered in Dallas, Texas, home 
of the Amt'rican Petroleum I nstitute and other 
military-industrial Texans and headquarters for a 
variety ot treaky right-wing activities . A covprup of 
monolithic extent was instituted immediately to 
protect the real assassins Lee Harvey Oswald, who 
had neither the location , the weapon, or the 
marksmanship to fire the fatal shot, was arrested for 
the murder of the President and of a Dallas 
patrolman whom he probably didn't kill either 
Among the instrumentals in that coverup effort 
were Leon Jaworski , then a liason between the 
Texas attorney gem'ral's office and the Warren 
Commission, and Cerald Ford , Republi can rep from 
Michigan and a Commission member. Oswald lived 
long enough to tell an assemblage of reporters, "No 
sir, I didn't kill an~dy I'm a patsy" . Mobster Jack 
Ruby made sure that Oswald would never r veal 
the specifics, and then cancer or something did the 
same thing to Ruby . Jaworski and Ford had earlier 
sat in Ruby's Dallas Jail cell a he de perately 
pleaded to be taken to Washington , D .C. where he 
would describe what he knew of the whole in-
credible conspiracy. If he talked in Dallas, he would 
be nuffed, Ruby claimE'd . Jaworski and Ford did 
not pursue the lead and Commission head Earl 
Warren refused to dllow the patsy to be moved. It 
was bigger than all of them 

The absurdity of the official story on the 
assassination was obvious to anyone who took a 
serious look at the evidence or pried into the 
rlumsy coverup behavior of government officials. A 
number of independent research efforts sprang up, 
many of which continue to this day. We do not 
know who killed JFK but, thanks to these in-
vest Igators, there now exists evidence and/or 
testimony to possibly link Watergate notables 
Howard Hunt , James M cCord, and Frank Sturgis to 
the death team Since M cCord and Hunt were high 
level CIA operatives at the time, and former key 
figures , with Sturgis, in the Bay of Pigs assault, there 
IS a strong inference of American intelligence 
Involvement in the change of government in 196]. 

Out of the original Kennedy assassination 
resear h has grown a larger effort to investigate the 
entirety of Ameri can intelligence covert operations, 
their relation to the aims of monopoly capital , etc. 
On Tuesday, OctobE'r 22, [USB 2022, 800 PM) 

Doug Porter will bE' at UCSD to talk dbout what thp 
CIA was up to then and what they are doing now. 
Hp will show the famous homp movip taken by 
Abraham ZaprudE'r of thE' JFK assassination, a 
record thp Warren Commission altered to " prove" 
Its point but which in its original statp shows t~at 
Kennedy was killed by fire from thp front of him 
(Oswald was above and behind Ke.nnedy) . 

Doug is with the Organizing Committee for a 
Fifth Estate (Or5) in Washington , D.C., which is the 
most active and well -funded of the " alternative 
Intelligence" groups. HE' is spE'aking in San Diego as , 
part of a nation-wide effort by the Or5 to inspire 
local organi7ation of similar investigative groups. 
The idea i that a network of such groups, 
rooperating with their information and developing 
their own local Investigations, ran break the 
'>{'crecy of foreign and dompsti po!itical 
manipulations. The Oc5 policy is not conceflwd 
with interupting the legitimate functions of in-
tplligence, but they are concerned with in-
telligence' overwhplming pmphasis on covert , 
illegimate operations, operations which advancl' 
the aggressive monopolistic goals of big mon y and 
the repressive " law and order" goals of cooperating 
government. 

They know. The Oc5 has among its members 
severa l ex-i ntelligence agents who "came in from 
the cold" to oppose the policies they cou ld no 
longer reconcile. Its advisors include K Barton 
Osborne, a former agent in William Colby's bloody 
Vietnam Phoenix program. and L. Fletcher Prouty, 
retired Air Force co lonel and former liason with the 
CIA. It has a number of active sources still within 
II1telligence agencies and other highly-informed 
levels of g.overnment . Doug used to do investigative 
reporting for the late, great San Diego Door and has 
extensive knowledge of the SDPD intelligence 
division's tactics. He will no doubt draw on this 
knowledge in his talk here. 

In addition to the Zapruder film, Doug Porter will 
show " Red Squad", a film about the intelligencp 
division of the New York Police Department and 
how some activists dealt with it. He will discuss 
technofascism, the Oc5 term for the early drrival of 
1984 that we are all aware of to one painful degree 
or another. 
He will document what he says. 

Third College : Working 
Better Than Ever 

BY DAVID CASSIDY 
WI' at Third College recognize there are many opinionated views 

about us that are totally uninformed or based on some hidden 
prejudice. 

As Associate City Editor for the Triton Times it is my responsibility 
to produce factual infor .. lation and to correct any misconceptions 
about Third College that may e)(ist . 

The article "Where We're Heading" (Triton Times, Oct. 10), by Jolic 
Lewis, states that the resignation of Ed Tafoya was related to the 
philosophies and the operation of Third College. This is not factual 
information . The resignation of Ed Tafoya had nothing to do with 
Third College functions or its philosophy. [d Tafoya resigned to 
accept admission into the graduate program in religious studies at UC 
Santa Barbara . The resignation of Ed was not due to any pressures by 
studt'nts, faculty, or staff at Third. It was his best chance to do 
sompthing he really wanted and he took that opportunity. 

Third College has not failed . As a matter of fact, it is functioning 
bE'tter than ever . Our administration is working hard to meet thE' 
needs of Third College Students and to recruit more students to Third, 
('specially students of color . There are good points about Third and 
there are bad, and we deal with problems that arise as they arise, 
collectively and as a community Thesp are facts . 

But we und~rstand that there are manv 01'0011' likp lolie Lewis who 
look at a brick wall and, itS far as they know, thPrp (ould bp it trash 
(an or a million dollars on the othPr sidp- but they nE'ver have ('no ugh 

~en se to climb OVE'r and ep what is a tually there . 

Malcolm Smith 
I dward Simons 
lohn Taylor 
loanie Moody 
Mike Robinson 
("hdrles Heimler 
Larry Dpckel 
Kirk Robinson 
John Snodgrass 
Tad Sperry 
Vincp Boston 
Valerie Girard 
David (ass dy 
Mark WopblPr 
lamp G. Soto 

Kathy COlle 

triton times 
Editor 
Managing Editor 
City Editor 
Copy Editor 
Business Manaler 
Editorial Director 
Arts Editor 
Sports Editor 
Science Editor 
Photography Editors 

Assoc. City Editors 

Secretary 

TIl. Ttfron n_ I. officII/ltv fW:otInlzH .... rlH»nl _ by tIN Com· 
munlc.rlon. S-ni of n.. Unitlwalty of c.HfDmll/, SM ~o. Pu~rion i. on 
Mon.y., w.ct .... d.~, .nd Frld.~. Offkft _ in Room 111, m. .. 11M'. R_eIIt 
c.m"" • . L.".,.. to r'" Et/ittH.,. wMom • • nd Mould be -'_nH, .nd typH on • f6. 
.".,:. "_. Fo, M/v.,.,qint1. ,.,.... cMI fIS2-~ 0' .... ".. Fo, _ 0' HitoriM 
,.,.. •• c.n ... ~ 

Notes 
of a 
Manioc 

The following is from an elderly Greek who runs a 
small cafe/grocery store on the island of Crete. He 
related it to me when I was there two summers ago : 

It was odd to see a man in a suit walk in hNP YOLI 
know wp only usually s rve the workers around 
here. Well , right away I knew that he must be an 
AmE'rican ; and, because I'm an intell ctllal of sorts, 
I was eXCi ted about th prospect of speakll1g 
English with him. 

All r about an hour, several CLI PS of coffee, the 
thing spempd weighted down by the numbpr of flies 
it had trapp d to its sti cky surface . HI" wa 
C'vldent ly <luit!' pleaspd with hi s contraption But 
Ironica lly the room was till thick with f lies. I told 
him that it was true that he'd managed to trap <luitC' 
a number of flies but that there WPrP still just as 
many as before, only now there remained hundreds 
of flips suffPri ng on his insidious contraption . 

back tlirnE'd to him . 
When he'd finished he ramI' over and ~aid : " H('rt' 

is anothPr fly-strip, " which Ill' producpd in an in-
stant , holding it out for Inl' to takp H!' C'xplalOl'd 
that It might be Iwcpssa ry hl'cau I" the sp(ond onl' 
might fill lip bpforp h(' had it (ham I' to return the> 
next day. Then hC' tllrned on hiS hep l ~ abruptly ilnd 
strutted out the door, ducklllg to avoid the flrst ' fly' 

~trip , black with fl ips 

DY REX PI '::KETT 

So we struck up a conversation But it turned out 
that he wa!> a bit arrogant, you know. saying how 
the shop was filthy and f tid, how it was plagued 
wi th files, etc. Of cour I' over her we virtually 
ignore such things. Then, to my astonishment , he 
produced this small cardboard cylinder from one of 
hiS pockets and asked me if I knew what i t was . I 
shook my head no. " It's a fly trap," he xp lained to 
me, then asked if he could demonstrate its use. I 
had no objections. He pulled the top off and began 
unraveling this brownish , sticky strip of raper . It 
cam out 111 a urious spiral. He kept twisting it so 
that it would comp out at the end flat . He let it 
dangle for a mOlnpnt from his outstretched arm 
while h surveyed the room for a proper place to 
hang it Finally he deckled that right over the 
doorway would be best. I had no objections 
because I was sufficiently amused by the whole 
affai r as it was The few customers sitting around 
drinking coffee were equally cunous about the 
thing that the American had brought . We let him do 
as he pleased as we saw no harm in it. 

Then he asked for a cup of coffee, which I 
brought him Im, r,cdlately, and then asked me if I 
would sit With him and have a ClIp myself . I did so 
and we launched into 'a lively discussion on politics 
and art YOLi know he was very pro-America and I 
loathed him for it, but I was so delighted to be 
speaking English with him that I lost interest in our 
differenc s and tolerated hiS tripe. 

During the conversation I noticed that he would 
periodically look over his shoulder to check on the 
fly-pap r. Each time there would be severa l more 
fhes stuck to it, either to their backs with their cilla-
like Ipgs struggling frantically in the humid air, or to 
their legs with their wings bUliing helplessly in an 
attempt to ('scape . Ea h time he would exclaim 
With a kind of chddl sh enthusiasm "You sef>! It 
works!" 

P.1:t' 2 Triton Times October 21, 1974 

H!' grew indignant and said : " I beg your pardon 
Si r. The fli es are suffering so as to relieve the 
sufferi ng of your custom ers and you yourself. If one 
fly-strip is not enough there arp more where that 
one camp from . And they are cheap, VPry cheap." 
He got up from his seat, rather xasperatpd, pullpd 
another cartridge from his coat pocket, drew it out 
in the samE' spira lling motion and plac d it about a 
mpter from the first one. He turned to me after he 
had sec ured it and said : " You see my dear man I do 
not believe as you do that flies increase px-
ponentially when confronted with a threat to their 
existence, thus rendf'ring my servicE'S futile . 
Eventlially, one would rationally susp ct, we should 
be able to turn the tide of this menace in your shop. 
It is only a matter of time. As for their suffering I 
think I may havea remedy for that ." He paused and 
looked at the second fly-strip . Already about ten 
flies were stuck to its sides and edges. Hp asked mp 
if I had a match. Assuming that he wanted to smoke 
I brought him a box of matches. He took one Ollt, 
struck it . then held it up to one of the struggling 
flies . I started screaming: "What the hell do you 
think- you're doing! " He responded that he was 
relieving the suffering of these poor flies entrapped 
on. his fly-strip . And he proceeded, despite my 
increasing nausea, to burn the remainder of the 
flies on both strips of sticky paper. Each time the 
match flared next to one there was' an almost 
I mpercept ible Illieak iI~ t hough its life were being 
drawn out in one expulsion of air, as each fly-bodv 
imploded to a black crisp. It was an perie noise I , 
can till hear It when I conjure the image. 

He used thE' entirE' box of matches to burn all the 
flies that had been trapped on both stnps I was 
dfraid of protp5ting hiS macabrp actions for f('ar of 
arousing a Vio lent streak 10 hiS bl/arre pE'rsonailty I 
WdS utterly repulsed, and, aft!'r thl' first fpw 
(fpmcltions, retlrpd to onf> of the table~ With my 

Nl'pdll' s to say I did not put up thl' I'xtrd (on 
traption . But neither did I take thl' libt'rty of 
removing thp ot.tlPr two for rpasons which I find 
difficult to ('xplain 

It was a warm night . I did not slf>E'p well I suf· 
fered from nightmares as onp might ~usppct 

The next morning, as I approachpd thf> ~tor(' , I 
~aw thi s strange apparition ~Iumped outsld(' agail15l 
the door. As I got closer I notic('d that it wa the 
Amprican maniac of the day previous But he had 
omethin1! wpird around his hpad. At first I thought 
it to be a blindfold, but on (losE'r inspE'ct Ion I 
reali/I'd that it was one of his fly-strips. I burst out 
laughing so loud that he woke with a fright. IIr 
asked me angrily why I was laughing. that couldn't I 
see that hp was in a prpdicam('nt . I tried to refrain 
from laughing saying : "I cannot stand it . I did not 
sleep all night. I am a wretchI'd mt>ss as vou can 
plainly see. You are my only friend in this town, 
have come to you to ask for your assistance." BV 
this time he was on his feet and very active, but 
visibly distraught and fatigued. HE' gathered himself 
together ~nd explained that a gust of wind had 
blown through his hotel window and had ap-
parently dislodged the fly strip that he always. kept 

han~inR over his bed . When he rolled over 10 hi! 
sleep he got it stu.ck in his hair. He woke in horror to 
his plight. went into the bathroom to try to set' what 
could be done aboJt the problpm. But nPlther 
water nor lotions would loosen it from his hair. H.r 
decided to wrap a towel around his hpad and walt 
until morning. He asked if I had any suggestIOn! 
when he finish~ hiS humorous account My only 
suggestion am Idst my obnoxious laughter was to try 
and get it off with gasoline which I kept in the back 
room for my generator. I unlocke<fthe door to rnj 

~tor and he followed mf> to wherl' I kppt the gas 
IlOured \om(' II1tO a pall and nersuaded him that ill 

e onlinUed 'ale 6 

Disneyland 
. It is. undoubtedly, very hot 

inside Eeyore. and after several 
hours of having children pull at 
your tail (without malice, of 
course) to get you to be with 
them in Daddy's picture, you 
might become Bothered. So when 
Eeyore raised his hand to wave 
good-bye to his friends, after 
being bumped into by a bearded 
man who apparently didn't 
understand that you bave to be 
Friendly to Sad Donkeys. I wasn't 
surprised to see that Eeyore's 
palm was facing inward, 

••• 

by J oh" H, Taylor 

Disneyland is billed theSe days as the Happiest Place in the world, 
and though I can't help being reminded of a cartoon of a man who had 
just slashed his wrists in a bathroom full of those round, yellow smile 
faces, I would tend to agree. There isn' t. I don't think, anything wrong 
with fantasy, and Disneyland provides just enough of it so your 
imagination has a place to begin . We are given an excuse to dream 
about things we forgot a long time ago; the things that are excluded are 
those things of which we are well enough aware. 

Images are what make Disneyland work-and you have to be able to 
keep track of what is real. It is understood, for instance, that no tot-
tering rocks will actually fall on you, and that the mountain lion will 
not pounce. 

But, when Buck the Moose on the wall at Bear Country Jamboree 
said, "Va'il come back now," I almost said, "Thank you ." 

••• 

If we can ever get Malcolm to haul his camera out again, I' ll per-
suade him to go to Disneyland and take pictures of children after they 
finish riding on the Matterhorn. Most kids don't learn right away how 
to control their expressions, so you get the whole range of human 
emotion by looking at about twenty kids. They all stagger, of course; 
some cry because the ride's over, some cry because it happened, some 
just grin up at you . "You'll get yours," they think . 

One kid, who was wearing a green suit that made him look older 
than his appro)(imate age of eight (like maybe nine) had no expression 
at all, as he tried to walk straight, hands in pockets and eyes down. It's 
strange to see someone so young dedicated to being unimpressed. 

... 

The aural input at Disneyland is overwhelming. When you sit down 
in the car that will take you inside a snowflake. a little voice begins to 
talk to you, teiling you to keep your hands inside the car . The at-
tendants, who are always costumed according to the theme of the 
attraction they take tickets for, recite lines that are, obviously, 
somewhat programmed. 

Therefore, it was gratifying when. as we !>et out in our overloaded 
canoe to paddle around Tom Sawyer's island, the attendant who_had 
pushed us off said, "Row, you turkeys." 

... 

I would like to set one thing straight here. Winnie-the-Pooh is not a 
Disney character . I would not deny him Mickey Moose or Donald 
Duck, naturally. But Pooh is A .A . Milne, and drawn by A .H . Shepard . If 
you will all consult your tattered copies, please (stacked under Cellular 
Biology, there), you will note that Winnie-the-Pooh does not wear a red 
sweater, nor does he have 'Pooh' stiched across his forehead. Also, 
though the original Winnie-the-Pooh was not in color, I doubt if 
Shepard visualized him as Sickly Yellow. 

••• 

I have often tried to reconcile Disneyland with my knowledge that it 
excludes most of what is, or has been, ugly about America. I am forced 
to think about it when I break out in goose bumps when they release a 
hundred beautiful pigeons during the national anthem while the flag is 
being lowered. I have been told that Disneyland is part of the vast 
socialiLation process deSigned to make out children torget that There 
Are Chettos; and I am told my goose bumps are exactly the react ion 
They are trying to achieve. Sapping me into blind patriotism, They are . 

I think I found the answer the other day, when one of my roommates 
read me a story from the paper about a child who had burned Ilimself 
while trying to set a turtle on fire . It made me remember seeing a kid 
kiss a Mickey Mouse balloon at Disneyland, while the frag was going 
down. (pretty weak. huh? I'll bet you wouldn't let me draw any con-
clusions based on that sort of meager evidence, would you?) 

All I know is that if I ever have children, they will all go to 
Disneyland. and-they will never learn to burn turtles. And they will 
understand that people are hungry, and that justice is not exercised 
fairly. 

And my children will not have to go on the Bangladesh ride at 
-Disneyland to find these things out. 

The 
Triton Times 

Is looking for: 
Intelligent 

Aggres.lve 
Done.t 

IDlaglnatlve 
People to lie •• advert .. I." OD 

a eo __ I •• loD b •• I.. See Mike 
or Fr •• 
TT om.e 8-8 z3488 

The recently established Revelle Program Board 
is accepting applications for six student positions. 
The Program Board, which will be made up of three 
resident and thr~ commuter students, will be 
funded by the Revelle Committee of College Af-
fairs, and will be responsible to RCCA. The Program 

plications and informatjol for the various student 
committees . The center, presently unnamed, is 

~ontinuously staffed, Monday through Friday, from 
10 till b . Volunteers are needed. Stop by the office 

There's a new pliln in operation for statflng of the 

The Revelle Reporter A fealure de\loled exclusively to announcements and e\lents 
conce-rninl Revelle College. 

Board will handle all sorts of Revelle events, in-
cluding lectures and entertainment. It will function 
as the locus of Revelle programming.' 

Membership on the Revelle Program Board will 
hereafter be a prerequisite for Revelle students 
interested in membership on the Campus 
Programming Board . All six positions are open, and 
applications are available at the Revelle Provost's 
oHice . 

The corner office in the Revelle cafeteria for-
merly occupied by Mary Dhooge is now func-
tioning as a commuter information center. Four 
upperclass student interns, all commuters them-
selves, are staffing the office with an eye to keeping 
commuter students informed on campus dctivities, 
and looking after their special needs. Services 
offered include basic academic information, 
graduate school and career information, and ap-

Revelle Coffee Hut. Each suite will send two 
volunteers down once a quarter. No schedule is in 
effect yet . 

Word is out on the I c~ream Hustler. Nothing 
beats a cone between classes. The hustle, for ping-
pong and pool freaks, also goes on in lo\\ler Blake 
Hall. 

Several Revelle students are associated with the 
upcoming anthology of UCSD poetry, and en-
courage your contributions. Send type-written 
material to the Poetry Journal, intercampus mail C-
OOS . 

Any ~nformation to be included In the Revelle 
Tids space should be sent to the Triton Times no 
later than two days before day of desired 
publication . Type it on a oS-space line, please 

We Need You 
The Triton Times is attempting to restaff its news department. We need concerned, dedicated 

reporters who are willing to produce at least two acceptable stories a week, and who are concerned 
with in-depth coverage of bolh the campus and the community. Pay is minimal- potential for 
satisfaction is unlimited. Anyone interested should come to a meeting tomorrow at 6 :00 p.m. in the 
Triton Times office. 

• 

• • • • • • Triton 
«i HIS & HERS ;U 
~gibtA-

U.CS.D. Campus Program Board Presents 
I AM A WOMAN 

starring 
Viveca Lindofrs 

[CPb 
Performing a Stage Cavalcade of 36 Women 
U.CS.D. Revelle Cafeteria Nov. 2,19748:30 pm 
U.CS.D. Student $150 Tickets on Sale Noon-
General Admission $250 4:30 Tues-Friday 

.----. Everything New in 
Skis and Clothing 

FREDERICK'S SKI & HIKE 
Outfitters 

7722 Fay Avenue 
La Jolla 454·1410 

Snow reports 454-2351 

You don't blow an extraordinary idea 
on an ordinary shoe. 

By now you're probably 
aware that Roots are not 
like other kinds of footwear. 
The heel is lower to give 
you the natural kind of 
w .... lk you'd get by going 
b. :efoot in sand. The arch 
is supported, so if you 
spend much time on your 
feet you'll now spend it in 
much greater comfort. The 
rocker sole helps spring 
you off on each footstep, 
so walking becomes a little 

less work than it ever was 
before. 
But a big part of Roots 
success lies in not how 

10909 Klnrosslwe. 
Westavod VII. 

(213) 471-0101 
1218 Pro..,ect St. 

L. JoII •. Calif, 
(714) 459-36\1 

they' re made, but how 
well . Only the finest grade 
Canadian hides are 
selected. These are hand-

cr,~fted into Roots, simply 
because, for much of our 
pwduction , the most 
effi:ient machine is still the 
human hand. 
TtlL L, wl.y, ur on the 
reasons we could give you 
for trying Roots, none 
would fit quite so well as the 
shoe itself 

'ate 3 Triton Times October 21, 1974 



Coming Your Way Soon • • The Mandeville Center 
UCSD with 27,500 

studEnts sprawled over four 
clusters composed of twelve 

colle~es. This somewhat gran-
diose vision has served as the 
master plan of the university and 
has affected the design and 
construction of almost every 
building now on campus . 
Originally conceived in 1964, the 
"master plan" has yielded to the 
harsh economic realities of 1974: 
what we see here at UCSD today 
is (with the possible exception of 
a fifth college) pretty much what 
we're going to get. 

The Mandeville Center for the 
Arts, slated to open on March 6, 
1975, has been particularly af-
fected by the change. The 
f)riginal plans ca lled for an arts 
Lenter on each of the four 
clusters (did you ever wonder 
why the Undergrad library was 
called Cluster 1?). These centers 
would serve as an artistic web 
with each one "specializing" in 
two or three ' areas of artistic 
endeavor. The Mandeville Center 
was deSigned and built to stress 
music and the visual arts, but now 
must serve as the only center 
covering all the Arts. Needless to 
say, the physical limitations and 
design features of the building are 
producing a crop of attendant 
hassles that administrators and 
department heads are already 
tryi ng to head off. 

A Little History 
But let's look at a little history 

before we get to the problems. In 
an interview with John Stewart, 
Muir Provost, I was treated to a 
first hand account of the history 
of the Arts at UCSD. Coming from 
his position as associate director 
of the Hopkins Center for the Arts 

at Dartmouth, Dr. Stewart arrived 
here in 1964 ~ith the task of 
conjuring and putting together 
the UCSD artistic community. 
The Music and Visual Arts 
Departments were established, 
Drama came later, and Dr. 
Stewart set out on a two-year trek 
across America to find the right 
people to head the departments. 

The idea was to recruit those 
"fi rst-class, creative, innovative, 
inquiring ' minds" in the artistic 
fields, the same kind of minds 
that have given UCSD an in-
ternational reputation in the 
scientific fields . "We wanted the 
artists, the creators as initial 
department heads. The scholars, 
the art historians, the 
musicologists, would come later." 

The results of the search were 
by and large successful with the 
appointment of Will Ogden as the 
Music Department head, Paul 
Brach in Visual Arts and Michael 
Langham in Drama. These men 
were responsible for developing 
the conception of their depart-
ments, a conception that would 
encourage " lots of creative work" 
by faculty members. 

A Radical DesiRn 
The need for art facilities was 

Man iJ 
potentially immortal. 

His tissUe! 
automatically 

replace themselves. 
He is a 

self-regulating, 
self-repairing 

machine, 
yet he becomes 

decrepit and dies. 
The reason appears 

to he 
a mystery only to those 

who dislike or refu&e 
to recognize the facts. 
Do lJOU eat to live, 

or do to 

The Prophet 
Vegetarian Restaurant and Cultural Center 

4461 University Avenue 283·7448 
Sstving IntBmllflonsl Vegetarian Cuisine 

Tuesday-Friday 
Lunch 12 noon - 2 :30 p.m. 

Dinner 6 p.m. - 10 p.m. 
Friday" Saturday 

Dinner 6 p.m. -11 p.m. 
nd.:l v Oin,,"r f, n m - 10 n .m . 

PaBe 4 Triton Times October 21, 1974 

by Jim Shipman 
obvious from the outset, and Dr. 
Stewart was again instrumental in 
establishing and chairing the 
Building Advisory . Committee. 
But the actual planning for an arts 
center was done by the first 
department heads in conjunction 
with architect Quincy jones and 
acoustic expert Jim ' Campbell. 

The product· of all this is our 
present Mandeville Center which 
Dr . Stewart · concedes will 
probably be "qui te shocking on 
first encounter." It is perhaps one 
of the most radically designed 
artisti c centers in the coun try, 
conducive to innovation in the 
Arts and "supportive of ex-
ploration, discovery and 
creativity." It's difficult not to be' 
affected by Dr. Stewart's 
boundless enthusiasm for the 
future, but there are those 
problems I alluded to earlier. 

For one thing, the Mandeville 
Center was not deSigned to ac-
comodate drama in all its 
multiplicity of forms. Michael 
Langham's vision was a separate 
drama facility south of Revelle 
and consequently he did not 
share in the planning of the 
Center. His project eventually fell 
through after five years for lack of 
funds. This left the Drama 
Department without a perfectly 
adaptable theater. However, the 
Me's auditorium has already 
demonstrated its versatility by 
being able to handle almost 

anything except long-standing or 
elaborate sets. 

Another sore point is that "big 
as it is, the Mandeville Center 
falls far short of what these 
departments really need." Falling 
short was acceptable at first 
because, If you remember, the 
original master plan called for 
centers on all the clusters which 
would spread the burden around 
a bit 

Inside the Mandeville Center 
Now that the history and the 

problems are ollt of the way, let 
me elaborate on some of the 
features of the Center. The main 
auditorium, aside from Dr . 
Stewart's understandable 
superlatives, will be a particularly 
useful learning tool. It contains a 
highly advanced ptojection 
system that can handle movies, 
video-tapes and multi -image 
shows (comparing sculpture or 
paintings, for example) . There is 
an enormous orchestra pit with 
room for a full 1DO-piece sym-
phony orchestra. Even the 
"shape" of the auditorium is 
revolutionary. There are 400 
movable seats (in addition to the 
500-fixed seats) which can be 
si tuated in an endless variety of 
ways depending on the per-
formance. There is nothing static 
about the place at all. Offices, 
rehearsal rooms, a small gallery 

and a recital room complement 
the auditorium's facilities . In fact, 
the lighting, acoustics, and in-
timacy of the recital room make it 
almost perfect for avant-garde 
theater. 

Dr . Stewart is anxious to foster 
the spirit of innovation in using 
the Center's facilities . He wants 
the Center to be an area where 
the " fundamental' assumptions 
about Art" can be challenged by 
faculty, students and even the 
audiences. The Center was 
designed with flexibility and 
versatility in mind, qualities that 
make "challenging" much more 
exci ting. 

And what, finally, is Art? Dr . 
Stewart offered this definition : 
"Any serious effort by an artist to 
explore our world or aspects of 
human experience that is done 
with an honest effort to use the 
art (medium) honestly, and not to 
exploit sensation for its own 
sake." It remains to be seen 
whether the Mandeville Center 
can marshal its radical desiRns for 
a full-scale attack upon Art 
its definitions and assumptions . 
.&.fter ten years of hibernation, 
UCSD's artistic community is on 
the verge of waking up. 

Deal Me Another .Opera 
How does one get to the 

Opera? By playing bridge, of 
course. 

For those of you who have 
never tried this approach, it 
does indeed work, just as it did 
yesterday at the Mandeville 
Center 

The La jolla Guild of the San 
Diego Opera Association 

presented season tickets to all 
th opeini ng night Opera 
performances to fifteen UCSD 
vo ice students. The funding for 
these tickets came through a 
benefit Bridge marathon 
sponsored by the Guild last 
Spring. 

Supervised by Mrs. George E. 
Re.ad , six sessions of duplicate 
Bridge were played . When it was 
all over, the real winners turned 

PRE-DENTS 
Prevent mental decay during the OA.T. 

The D.A.T. Review Seminar is a four day course 
deSigned to enable you to perform to your full 
capacity on the D.A.T. Our students average 
DAT. scores of 6 academi (78 - 89 percentile) 
and 7 pmat (90 - 96 percentile). For information on 
our seminars for the january or April D.A.T. call : 
(213) 8864468, or write: 9801 Balboa Blvd ., 
Northridge, Calif. 91324. ' 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSAGr .......... rds). 

The unofficial Fly with us for 
state bird . PSA. has a song to eleven Cities. 
more flights connecling wanllocatchaPSAGnnnlng-
northern and southern Cah- bird? That's easy. Just catch 
lornla than any other airline up wllh your campus rep 

PIA ..... ,... .... 

out to be the students who will 
now be able to enjoy some truly 
xcellent performances courtesy 

of the hard work and enduring 
Bridge-playing ski ll of the Guild 
members . 

This specia l program was first 
Initiated last season by the 
Gu ild 's former chairperson, Mrs. 
D. Dudley Muth . This year. Mrs. 
Read was quite proud that as 
many as fifteen eason passes 
could be awarded this year . 

And what does the future 
hold? More bridge, of course, in 
the form of another marathon 
scheduled for January. And 
afterward, still more students 
here will be off to the Ol""'ra. 
.................... .-.. 

• t 
• 

lookl Music From the Concrete Vault 
Plans are currently 

underway towards tbe 
creation of a 
Arts Supplement of the 
Triton Times. This 
would be a journal of 
opinion and in-
formation in the Arts. 

The supplement 
would contain 
features, reviews. 
poetry, fiction, articles 
of special interest, and 
what not: also 
photography. general 
art work, and so forth . 

If you 're interested 
in getting in on the 
ground floor of this 
project in ANY 
capacity. drop into the 
Triton Times office any 
morning and see Arts 
Editor Lorry Decke!' 

From the concr~e vault that is 
the Mandeville Center, members 
of the Music Department venture 
forth to inaugurate the Atomic 
Cafe with an evening of im-
provised music Tuesday, October 
22 at 8 o'clock in the Student 
Center Lounge. 

This marks the beginning of a 
bi-weekly series of experiential 
music presented Tuesdays at the 
Atomic Cafe in the Student 
Center Lounge. The first non-
concert program includes a piece 
for 12 harmonicas perform d 
mostly by m mbers of the 
Graduate Performance Class . 
Future evenings will feature non-
concert music, theater, concrete 
poetry, electron ics and more, all 
in an informal coffeehouse at-
mosphere. 

ve The ~ife of My Bike! 
by Larry Deckel 

out at the onset of this article, that this is 
St •• atXlut the UCSD Bike Shop, and the good work 
_,mr"" If you own a bike, or would like to, you 

f to read this article. 

Bike Shop hidden in the lowliest quonset huts, beyond the 
Credit Union deep in the heart of Matthews Campus. 

Well, frabjous day, what can I say, the bike shop turns out 
to be one of the great unknown assets of the UCSD campus 
community . 

a super ecology freak or anything, but I rely Sort of a service organization given to the campus by the 
some people rely on their right leg. On members of the UCSD Bicycle club, the Bike shop was 

Lam_llmv steed, Demon II by name, is nearly in- founded last April when they separated from the now defunct 
him well-locked up despite the fact that UCSD Auto Parts Co-op . They have 8 or 9 people working 

imental value, there's no good reason for down there " Helping people with their bikes and getting them 
to steal him . on the road" according to manager Gary Hom. 

The co-op sells new bikes and parts, trying to sell them at 
the lowest price possible . They also do repairs at extremely 
reasonable labor costs (they'll patch a flat for a buck, adjust 
your brakes or derailer for $.50 to $1 .00, and do a complete 
safety check for $3.50) and allow you to use their air pump, 
tools, lube, etc. 

Somehow, one is so used to being ripped off with 
"minimum price" labor charges, and exorbinant part pri ces, 
that finding these guys arguing whether to charg you $.50 or 
$1 .00 for completely fixing D mon's back wheel has an effect 
of pleasant absurdity. 

Ism runs in familys, and suicide perhaps as 
I'd best mention LJemon I, the proud an-

Demon I was a working boys bike, struggling 
vp,,, .. lm.,ny years lugging the Newark Evening News 

gh one of the most treacherous paper rout s 
ha, New Jersey. Perhaps the strain of the 
was too much, but one day, while riding 
-I,~"''''hill, Demon lost a weld in his back end, 

med, the wheel locked, bent itself into 
. "JUII.l 5 strip, and the force of inerti a broke the 

1"., •• "" everything else about Demon . I fell less than 
ditch, but there was hardly enollgh left of 

lip with a shovel. All the people down at the Bike Shop are really looking to 
help people . They offer lots of free advice, tune your bike up 

the other day, while riding Demon II through to its maximum riding advantage, and chide one another if 
lacket fell off into his back wheel, engaged one of them actually forgets to give you a free chain lube. It's 

With the back sprocket and when the dust lincredible. 
sprocket nor Jacket were victor . 

The UCSD Bike Shop is sort of out of the way, located in 
metallic pieces dangles from what looked Matthews Campus, across from the soccer field, in a row of 

axle of Demon II, and somehow I had a sense q~onset huts . They're open from 12-4, Monday through 
pumelting across the Revelle ~Iaza . The Friday, (though they work conSiderably beyond those hours 
Ja(III .~ lr too well either. ' !tetting bikes back on their feet.) 

up for dead, knOWing I cou ld neither afford 
.hD'_ "" that would be needed to repair him, nor fix 

Demon II is back on his two wheels, and riding better than 
ever, still filthy, but running like a well-oiled m~chine . He's 
bound to last till th end of the year now. And when that bad 
back tire of his finally blows out, we know where we're going 
to get a new one . 

on the off chance that a sympathetic ear 
I took him down to th mysterious UCSD 

The Pants Fair 
DISCOUNTS 

c=-Year Round Savings 
Only at The Pants Fair 

The Discount Center of Brand Names 
. 

Pants, Shirts, Tops, Jackets, Et~. 
For His & Her 

Up to 500/0 Discount 
$1.00 off for UCSD students anytime 

1471 Garnet Ave. Pacific Beach 270-0430 

Coffee will be served (or BYO 
whatever ... ) so everyone come to 
talk, listen or Join in 

planned by l'nterprlSlng UCSD 
musicians at various tlnlt's of the 
day, In various locations on all 
three campuses througholl. the 
school year Other informal concerts are 

SUND .. V OCTOBER 27'" 7:30,M 
Unlv .... lty of California Son Diego 

r,ch ' ,""' ve.D 1I\IHf!' .... _ ___ • 'I to 0_, . . .. """ .• ,. It.o 
f lClUTI OM .... U A' .. C' 0 "_, C __ • 1_" e.c:., ....... ttl ~.". .. _It . 1_I"i ... 

. ... 11:"., ...... If! oeM" "M" e"" fM le ..... " Wile: ..,.. .. ~ 

EVER GET CAUGHT 
SHORT ON 

CASSETTE TAPE? 
SONY OFFERS 
C-4S 
c-{)o 

BROUGHT TO 
YOU BY 

SUPERSCOPE 
C-90 
C-120 

PLUS 2 GET TWO EXTRA MIN. 
OF HIFI RECORDING TIME 

DISCOUNTS TO 
STUDENTS 
& FACULTY 

NOW 01 WI I LA JOLLA MUSIC 
1128 Will 

459-3375 (IICH) I 

P.Re 5 Triton Times Ocl~r 21, 1"74 



Bio-degradable A Question of Power 
Continued from Pal. 2 

of his eyes that 
there would be no other terribie consequences. He removed his shirt 
and leaned way over putting his hands over his eyes for protection . 
The he cautiously dunked his head in the pail, fly-strip znd all . It Wi!' 
a ludicrous silht to be sure, but I think he waS having some luck in 
Ilettina the horrible thinll out of his hair. I started lauahing again 
which seemed to disturb him because he increased his scrubbing 
motions. I lit a ciprette and stood near the door 'and watched. It was 
then that l·noticed1he other two ffy-strips : they were entirely covered 
with flies . Suddenly I remembered his insults of the day previous and 
grew inwardly angry : the burnt flies, my filthy shop, his obnoxious 
manner. I stood calculatinl the dearee of my anger when suddenly I 
could contain it no lonaer. I lit a match and walked over toward him. 
He lifted his head out ot'the pail, reeking of gasoline, the fly-strip 
extricated from his hair. I surreptitiously took a box of matches from 
my shirt pocket, extracted one, struck it against the flint, then 
touched the flame lightly to his hair. I told him that I wanted to 
relieve his suffering, but his mangled screams drowned out my voice. 

r;~':;;H::-";")l 
f SWEETBSf JJ ~ ~ 
l.....;, · ~.." • Aft--. • .4M--.. ~.C:J 

The voting aggregate of the 
state of Claifornia will have an 
opportunity to vote on a 
regulatory initiative concerning 
existing and proposed nuclear 
power plants on the June 1976 
presidential primary baHot. The 
initiative was originally planned 
to be on this November's ballot. 
Backers of the initiative withdrew 
it, having concluded that more 
time was necessary to educate 
the public on th~ hard core facts 
of the safety of nuclear power 
plants . ' 

The initiative is called the "Safe 

Nuclear Energy Act ." It would 
r·ermit the construction of 
nuclear power plants in California 
only if present liability limits are 
removed and if certain issues are 
resolved to the satisfaction of the 
state legislature. One intent of 
the legislation is to shift liability 
for nuclear power related 
disasters from the federal 
government to the nuclear in-
dustry. Liability to cover such 
disasters is presently accepted, 'on 
a large part, by the federal 
government. This is due to the 
fact that the nuclear industry is 

Brown Leads UCSD Poll 
Students at UCSD have shown 

less interest and knowledge about 
the candidates than the state as a 
whole but among students who 
have made up their mind there is 
a close resemblence to the 
statewide preferences at this 
point. With the exception of Muir 
College, UCSD's results are close 
to the statewide Mervyn Field 
Poll. 

unable to get commercial in-
surance for such disasters. 

If approved in 1976, the 
initiative would place state 
legislatures in the position of 
judging the safety of nuclear 
power plants and related 
facilities. The act would require 
the legislature to certify the 
effectiveness of all safety 

~ystems, and to determine 
whether or not the present 
technology for storage of ex-
tremely dangerous radioactive 
waste is adequate for the safety of 
the people and the land of 
California. 

The power companies are 
planning 50 nuclear power plants 
for California . Evacuation plans 
for communities near these plants 
are not available to the public at 
this time. 

The backers of the initiative are 
skeptical of constant advocations 
by the Atomic Energy Com-
mission and the nuclear industry 
that nuclear power is safe, clean 

Continued from Page 1 
Richardson 46% to 17% with 
undecided. Cranston, like Brown 
was strongest at Muir and among 
males. He also was strong at 
Fourth Coliege. H. L. Richardson 
was strong among Muir women 
where he even outpolled Houston 
Flournoy. However, Richardson 
only outpolled Cranston among 
Revelle women where he led 
Cranston by a two to one. margin . 
The largest group of undecided 
voters for U.S. Senate was at 
Revelle College. 

Eve lie Younger leads 
Democratic challenger William 
Norris for Attorney General 30% 
to 17% . 53% of UCSD students 
are still undecided with many not 
even knowing the candidates. 
Younger, the Incumbent led 
Norris in every college and 
among both males and females . 
Younger was especially strong at' 
Fourth College where it was 
difficult to find any support for 
Norris . Norris was strong~st at 
Muir but still was weak compared 
to Younger. Younger also was 
strong among females. 

There were key differences and inexpensive. As of January 
among the colleges and between 1974, there were 39 operating 
the sexes . Muir College exhibited civilian nuclear power plants In 
a stronger Democratic trend the US. According to latest 
while R velie voted for statistics, nearly one third are 
Republicans with more regularity . closed for repairs . At least six are 
Fourth College preferred in- still open, but are running far 
cumbents over challengers and below their production capacity 
also wa~ slightly more to mechanical failure or safety 
Republican . precautions . 

Women tended to vote for th 
more conservitive candidates as 
their votes for Richardson in-
dicated . Minorities on 'campus 
tended to vote Democratic but 
there was also a strong undecided 
element among th ei r ranks 
Unfortunately, the results from 
Third College were not available 
to examine this trend . 

al'iY COSMAtI :1:'::. 
Am FROm JtOTlA(() 

THE AVIRAGE WHtTI BAND 
... DAY OCT 25 9:00PM PUIS 'IIIE CLASSK "MY LITTLE 

CHICKADEE" 
WIll w. c. fiELDS 

CMPUII ..... 
_A17. 

... COIInl CONVIMI'IOII ClM,.. Ith. 11K" 
OO<.E.T/ ' FU llCJIETROn ovru.v· Af'Rf. HKH.A'l:lER /lORE/'. Azre:: CEnTER 

'5W PCNfr(€ • 'Il.OO ()()OR 

Iq Nine fiI1ction,8 di9t Scientific, shirt pocket size calculator. 
features: 

• Extra large size 8-digit display 
with zero suppression 

• True credit balance 
Underflow system 

• Low battery indicator light • Automatic SQUARE ROOT 
• Automatic RECIPROCALS 
• Automatic SQUARING • Sequence programmable decimal with automatic round-off 

• Full memory functions 
• Battery shutdown after 15 seconds 
• Both chain and mixed calculations 

• Full floating decimal • Made in U.S.A. 

This coupon is worth $10.00 toward the purchase 
of JOur Melcor 400 Calculator. Replar $79.95. 
Four days onltOd. 21st thru Ode 24th. 
Umited stock on hand. 

TEXTS • COMPLETE GENERAL BOOK SECTION. CURRENT TmES 
GIFT BOOKS· REFERENCE • MEDICAL. STUDY AIDS 

AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICE 
SCHOOl SUPPUES • GIFTS • GREETING CARDS • ART SUPPLIES 
VITAMINS· HEALTH FOODS • SOFTWARE • SUNDRIES 

FLORAL AND SPECIAL ORDER SERVICES 

umV£RSITY 

---~---" 
----.--- ---

BOOK·STOR( 
NEED IT FAST? ... TRY (JS FIRSTI MATTHEWS CAMPUS EXTENSION 3770 

'.,e 6 Triton Times Octo~ 21, 1974 

A recent Federal Power 
Commission report predicts that 
the nation's power requirements 
will quadruple between 1970 and 
1990. The report also predicts that 
nuclear power plants will meet 
more than 50% of the nation's 
electrical power needs within the 
next two or three decades, as 
compared to two percent at the 
present time. The forecast of 1200 
atomic power pla'1ts in the year 
2000 would cre.de as much 
strontium-90 and other long-lived 
radioactive poisons as the 
fissioning of abf)ut 1,200,000 
Hiroshima bombs. 

Jim Jacobson, a local organizer 
and backer of the initiative stated 
that the 1976 revision was sub-
mitted to the state attorney 
general on Wednesday Oct. 9. An 
approval or disapproval of the 
initiative is expected from the 
office within ten days. 

COMMUNITY 
8l00DBANK 

327 F. Slreet . 

PAYS DONORS 
to,senke 
Mon.-Sill. 
1:45-5:)0 
Closed Sun. 
233 5481 

rhousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for ,.our up-ta-date, 
176·page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1·2 
days deliverv time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE . 
SUITE '20~ 

LOS ANGELES. CA. 90024 
Our "'-'er.aI. "llOId for 
r-.n:h pu",.,... only 

You can do it, too. So far over 550,000 other people have done it. People who 
NY. different jobs, different las, different interests, different educations h.ve 
completed the cour ... Our grldultes are people from all walks of life. Thew 
P«JPI. have .11 taken a course developed by Evelyn Wood, • prominent 
educator. Pr.ctically III of them at least tripled their reading speed with eQuel or 
better compr.hension. Most have increased it even more. 
Think for I moment what that me.ns. All ot them-even the slowest-now read 
an average novel in less than two hours. Thev read an entire issue of Time or 
Newsweek in 35 minutes. They don't skip or skim. They read fINery word . They 
use no m.chines. Insteact. they let the material they're reading determine how 
fut they read. And mark this well: they actually uncierstand more, remember 
more, .nd enjoy more thin when they read slowly. That's rightl They 
undtrst.nd mort. They remember mort. They enjoy more. You can do the same 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES 

At That Speed, The 403 PIllS Come Aa. 
With More Impact thin The Mowie. 

thing-the pl.ce to learn more .bout it is at. fr" speed reading lesson. 
This is the same course President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of St.ff take. 
The st.ff of President Nixon completed this course in June 1970. The seme one 
Senltors.nd Congressmen h.ve taken. 
Com. to a Mini·Lesson .nd find out. It is fr" to you and you will leave with a 
better understanding of why it works. One thing that might both.r you about 
your reading speed is that someone might find out how slow it is. The 
instructors .t the Ev.lyn Wood Reading Dyn.mics Free Speed Reading lesson 
will let you keep your secret. It's true we practice the first Slip to improved 
reading It. Mini·Lesson Ind we will increa .. your rellding speed on the spot, but 
the results will remain your secret. Plan to .ttend a free Mini·Lesson Ind learn 
that it is possible to reed 3-4-5 times faster, with comparable compre~'nsion . 

..-------SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS---------. 
You'll increase your reading speed 

50 to 111" on the spot! 

In La Jolla • La Jolla Village Inn 1·5 at La Jolla Village Drive 

In Mission Valley • Master Hosts Inn 950 Hotel Circle 

In EI Cajon • Parkway Bowl 1280 Fletcher Parkway 

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 
PoliRe 7 Triton Time October 21, 1'74 



...... -----------------what's happening 
meetings 

For . "Yfm'of YOU nurd8 Nt dldn't know. 
N f;\b New. D..,.rtm.m of the 
rrholl m .. mMb ev8rY Tu ... . t • 
lI.m. No m,..hm8nb. no nothlne. Ju.t 
com • . ··jt. 110/211 
Tr.nt c.nd.ntal M.dlt.torl . Adv. 
mMtl-. .nd .roull meditation Mon. 
Oct. :11. 7 PM In Rec R_m. Third 
Col .... Dorm. M.m.w. Cempul. For 
Info Joa Rieker ..... or ",..,. 
1101211 

CAPE ltaft mMtlne Wedneaday •• t 
12:30. III Int.rwtad .,. ... ona com •• nd 
.. t Invotved. 1101231 

World Unltv for Wortd P .. ce. Blha'l 
flr .. lde. Tu. 111m. ullltal ... Conf. Rm. 
Student C.nt.r. All W.lcom • . 110/211 

The Intar",tlonel Stud.nt C.nter of 
U.C. Sen Dieeo will hOlt the Photo-
1 r8V ....... of La JoIII It their m .. tln8 of 
October 21 .• t 7:30 PM In the loun8" 
The IIrogr.m hII bHn HHClelly 
Hlec:ted for OV....... Itudentl It the 
Unlv .... ltv • • nd f .. turea thr .. of our 
",tlonal p.rtll. dnc:rlbed Ind narrlted 
by thrl' outetlndlnll ac.nlc 
photogr.phe ... of the club. 110/211 

BIRDWATCHERS OF UCSD· The blrdl 
of San Dieeo Ira .w.,tlng youl In-
t .... ted ...... 001 call Cha .... y C ·.., 
or Blrbara 412·I1IZ. 110/211 

" RAP WITH THE PROVOST" on 
Monday. October 21.1174 at 3:30 p.m. In 
the Third Col .... Rec .... tlon C.nter 413 
Mltthewa C.mpu • . 110/211 

If yOU .re • wom.n llraduete ltudent 
.nd w.nt to lhara your .tru ...... nd 
conceme. com. to • mMtlne to 
orglnlz. lmall dl.cullion IIrOUpe on 
Tu .. day. October 22. 4-1 p.m .. In the 
R.vIIiI Inform.1 Loun.. (In the 
c.f.tlrla comp ... I. 110/211 

notices 
DANCE IN DEl MAlt: Mu.k:I( Dlnc. 
cl... baing held·w.rmup. yoga. 1m-
provo comblnatlonl. jazz & ethnlc/· 
mu.lc. Tu .. 11:31).1:00. Fri 3:30-6:00. 
Other tim .. cen be .rran.ed. For info 
c.1I Tlrry 211·1176. (10/211 

Socllll.t cl ..... ri .. Wed • . Oct 23. 2 pm 
Muir 2A 2101 .veryone w.lcom • . For 
info cIIi 281).1212 110/231 

WRtnNG CLINIC: Writing advic. II free 
.nd II offered on • _to-_ baall on 
cou.... .,.pera. _m... prop_II. 
• cholarty .rtic.... lob .pplk:ltlo ... • 
whatever the need. Com. In to 12M 
H&L IRev .... , or c.1I 412·21Z2. 110/211 

BAM IB •• lc Auto Mechanical C ..... 
will begln .... t week: Oct. 21·M. They 
will be held In the foll_ln8 r_ma .t 
7:00 p.m. Mon. Tu .... nd Thu .... ·R.".. .. 
Informll Loun ••. W.d. Unlv ... lty 
Extalllion C .... _ ~101 A. 1101211 

UNIVERSITY of ROCHESTER 
ORADUATE SCHOOL of 
MANAGEMENT will hav. repr ...... 
tatlv.. on campu. Wed. Oct 23 from 
2:00 to 1:00 .t the R.v.11e Forma( 
Loun8' to rap Ibout .dmlulon •• 
progr.m •• Ind fI';'nclll lid • . Ju.t drop 
In. 110/231 

The UCSD Scrtpt lIbr.ry I. now op.n 
Tu ... 1·2. W.d 2·3. Ind Thu .... 1·2 
M.tthew. Clmpu.. Conf.renc. Rm. 
BI • . «TI. 110/231 

SEX CLINIC: Counaellng on S.xual 
Prob"m • . W.d • . 3-6; R.v.i .. coun-
.. 10 ... OffiCI I",.r the ProvOit Offic.'. 
Judith Jorll.n .. n M.D.; HUllh Pit .. 
Ph.D. (11/271 

ATTENTION It EVELLE FALL 
GRADUATES: A 1111 of F.1I1174 Rev .... 
llreduetae I. pOltld on the board 
outllde the Rev .... ProvOlt'1 Offlc • . 
P'-e check to make lUre your ",m. 
I. on It. If you hew. .ny qu .. tlon., 
P ..... com. Into the ProvOlt'I Offlc •. 
(10/251 
R.v.1I1 Commut.r. Ind R .. ld.nt 
Stud.nt.. POlltlonl op.n on the 
Col .... Progrem loerd. which fundi .11 
..... k ..... concert8. Ind .ntertalnment 
.nd cultural ev8nta .t R.v..... RCCA 
wi" IPpoint • ltud8nta. Appflcltlona 
• v.lllb.. It Information C.mer .nd 
Rev"le ProvOit Offlc •. 110/251 
The Revelle ProvOit Offlc. hII Art 
Prtnta for rent to Rev.... Itudentl. 
R.ntal f .. I •• ' .00 per qu.rter .,.r print. 
Decoret. your room with • PI_D. 
Breu"". or MltI_ print. Stop by the 
Rev .. l. ProvOit Offlc. to ... or r8nt 
them. 110/211 
" Att.ntlon III qUllified lophom_ 
lind .om ••• nlore Ind IIrlduat. 
.tudental with • 3.0 or batter GPA: 
Application form. .nd brochu... for 
the 17 ov ....... clmpu ... • r. IVllllb .. 
In the International C.nter. EAP Offlc • . 
The Nov.mbar 13 deadline for the UK· 
I .. lend Ind Brazil c.mpUIH mu.t be 
mit." 110/21' 

art 
UCSD ART GALLERV. Firat Y •• r 
Or.du.t. Stud.nt E.hlbltlon. 1210 
Humanltl.. Library Building. R.v ..... 
Octobar '4-October 30. Hou,. Sunday· 
FrtdeY 12 ... 110/211 

lectures 
The 2nd Intro lectura on Transc.ndental 
Meditation wi" ba held .t 7:30 pm. Wed. 
Oct. 23 In the Rev"le I"formal lounge . 
(10/231 

Dr. D.vld Jordln. Anthropolo.y 
DIP.rtm.nt, will .peak to tutOf'l .nd 
othe... int_ted In the American 
Enell.h In Action progrem on laneue •• 
.nd culture It 10:00 • . m . Wedneaday. 
Octob.r 23. In the Intern.tlonal C.nt.r. 
110/211 

DOUII Porter 01 Org Cmte for I 5th 
Estat. CountlrlPY C.mplilln will 
.peak Tu .. 1:00 p.m. USB 2IZ2 on llieg. 
Actvtl of Int.1I AII.ncl .. & Adv Tech of 
F .. cllm. SM ZIPruder film of JFK 
....... nd film "Red Squ.d" R.: 
NYPD. 110/211 

-----------------advertisements for ourselv'~" 
for sale 

F8nder MUltilng w /cen. AI.o included· 
fu .. bo • . • '00.00 or bIIt offer. Gr .. t 
buy 713-1711 .v • . 110/211 

n VW C.mper n.w motor with 
w.r .. nty. AM FM n800. Look. gre.t. 
462 ..... 110/211 

FOR SALE 2 Inow tir ... clnt condo .Ize 
.1114 . • '6 for the pro CIII ev. 5·9 p.m. 
616-1142. 110/211 

'13 CHEVY BELAIR· Rebuilt Engln. 
Good tirel-16 mpg. Power steering & 
brake • • AIR. $300/ offer. Call 462·1692. 
110121, 

23 in. ZEUS SUPREME BICYCLE 531 fro 
22 Ibs. Ret $475. $345 or best off. Dave 
462·8495. 110/21' 

HUMANIC SKI BOOTS Ladie. size 6. 
Call Dana at 462·9251 . (10/21' 

New Ski Parka & Warm· ups ladle. M· L 
Call Stephanie at 462·9251 . 110/21' 

DRUM SET. Stick., Book. and practice 
pad • . 214-0668. 110/211 

EI FM Stereo with turn table. ca .. ett and 
speakers $100. 753-8860. J36 La Mesa. 
Encinitas. (10/21' 

3 Speed Bic;ycle in very good condition. 
$4().00. 453·5614. Rocky. 110/211 

71 Triumph 500. Two Carbs. .tock. 
e"cellent cond .. 5000 mile •• $800. m · 

1
3646 aft.r 6 p.m. 110/21 ' 

Wetsuit: Seasuit M full · l.ngth used 
twice exc. condo $36 Paul. 756·5211 bel 9 
am. af 11 p.m. or Iv me • . (10/21' 

1970 Honda CL 450 Gd condo w / h.'met 
and cycle cover. Ask lor Fred 464-0641 . 
11 0/21' 

Mamlya Sakor 1000 DTL 16 mm n •• r 
new c.m.ra $150. Zoom len. P.ntax 
Mt. 75-230 mm gd. condo $90. m ·l64fi. 
(1 0/21 ' 

Wetauit brend n.w. Worn onlv onc • . 
Perfect condo C.II 462·9437. (10/21' 

Mu.t S.II '88 R.n.ult R· l0 30 mpg n.w 
r.di.I •.• mog devlc • . • tr body. gd p.'nt. 
4 .pd. 4 dr. '" uphollt.ry. B.st offer 
over $600 bv this week.nd. 763-6476. 
110/25' 

72 Suzuki 250cc TS St ... t/Dlrt bike 
P.rf.ct running condition. Look. Ilk. 
nlw ... or b •• t off.r. Keep trylnll 
Paolo 7Ii6-..a or 4fi4.1174. 110/211 

Pole",ld420 c.m ... with focu.ed fI .. h 
& tl,..er. like new . .... or b .. t· Nlnl. 
48C).1('f56 after 1:30. (10/211 

Cr.'11 Pprtabl. C •• aen .. corder •• uto 
l.v.1 f.ttlnll & .hutoff. Mu.t 1 .. 1 .clnt. 
cond ... M5-4IIel . 110/211 

P.trt Fnl SlR camar. w/f3.1 ,. mm 
"na. vl.itar 111 elect. fleah It K.1.c7 
Elect. A.lh •• 1 ......... 1. T .... In-
.trur IInti d.tl· math cllculator. 
ch.lnl cpnatant operation. Prfct cond .. 
.. kl"1 . . ..... 1. 110/211 

25" ';.",panl. 10 Speed Bike. With 
Suntuur de ... 11 fr .1. V.lu ••• ,.., or 
beat offer c.1I 412-1413. 110/211 

74 V.maha ., Enduro .Int condition 
mUll eell m-a. evenln.l. 110/211 

Untv_. backpack & framl never 
ueed mUit eell 271-a. evenlnea. 
110/211 

• MO NEW PANASONIC STEREO. 
Rec""". Turntabte. the Worlli. " . Dr 
L pevy 1 • ...,.. Aher 10 p.m. 110/211 

7O·Glb.on EB·O B .... Excel. cond Ilk. 
newl .250 or bIIt. CIII 763-1776 Ifter 6 
p.m . (10/211 

•• M.G. Mldll.t n_ tlr ... tereo FM 
•• 1. Int. rec.nt odd lob relolved. 71 
m.p.II . 760 or b.st Bob 766-5374. (10/211' 

Ski. K2·3·s 200 cm w / blndlnll' .... 
Boot. ·I.nll' Pros .iz. 9·10 $50 or m.k. 
off.r. C.II 224-8834 p 6p (10/21' 

C.ber ski boots women .iz. 8M $26 
Portable Philco R.'riller.tor lik. new 
$60 C.II 488-6712. (10/211 

Sk,., Fischer .upergl .... 206 cm. with 
Mark.r Rotomat bingings. Ron 462· 
9240. 110/211 

We h.v. a compl.t. st.reo syst.m. 
worth ov.r $900 that we are •• lIing for 
$450. It's top lin •• quipment and In 
perfect running or··'r. C.II 436·2197 
alter 6 PM. (10/21' 

Steel string Yam.ha F6180 guitar & 
hardb.ck c.... Good condo 1 B16 
scratch $1 10. 462·1266 alter 6. (10/21' 

SALE by owner. L. Joli. Larll' 3 plu. 2 
Atrium. Y, acre. Qui.t & priv.t • . 
" .500. 464·5821 . 262·2900 anvtlm • . 
(10121, 

Calculators 4 modals " & memory 
available. 1 yr. guarantee $28.95·$65.00. 
Cali Floyd 582·3833. PI10/26, 

Larg. corner bar · ganuine cork top. 
black padded edgas . handmade 
beautilul wood. See to appracl.t • . 
Must seli before Oct. 30. Make .ny 
oller. Also two mod.rn. 2 Spani.h 
hang ing ber lamp • . Sacrilic. at $15 
each. 565 .... , aft.r 6 PM (10/21' 

Realistic TR-8A 8 track player/ recorder. 
New $160. need $125. Gd Cndt Cali J.V 
alter 7 m-8420 110/23' 

Kenwood KA·2500 .xc.lI.nt m.dium 
power .tereo Amp M.ny plu. I.aturll. 
cali Jay after 7 PM m-8420. (10/23' 
1966 VW Sqbk. Good .hape. Enlline 
exc.lI.nt . • ISO/Fi rm . C.II 431·3744. 
ev.ning. b •• t. 110/21' 

1910 Toyota Corona Mkll 4 dr. 4 .pd 10 
mllall' ."00 C.II 462 ..... (10/26' 

Glb.on guitar ESl26 M.d body. 
pickup. no cutaw.y. belutltul "'I. WII. 
' • . 21M or 211.-0 110/231 

1m Y.mlhl 310. v.ry lIood condition. 
700 or be.t offer. CIII Bob 76J.OOIiI. 
L •• v. m .... II.. 110/231 

TEAC 310 Dolbv c ... t. d.ck lIood condo 
ferrltl heed p.lk r .. dlnll m.ter. Ind 
mo ... ,. .oft 212-1331 or 411·1261 
110/211 

G. Herrl.on tlckat8 . two .'0 tlckat8 . 
free trine. uP.nd beck Tu .. Nov 12 ZIIZ· 
8331 110/211 

• Cvcl_ VI. lir. IUtO. pWr. tape. 
m.o. Perfeot..11 new or rebuilt. .., 
Bob . ·1131 110/231 

W.t.r bed heet.r Ind qUMn .Iz. ba • . 
Contact 80. ,. c/o Offlc. of Student 
Aft •• ,. UCSD Med. School. 110/231 

Cral. 2101, p.lm lized c .... tt. 
recorder. u_ .tandard calHttH. • 
dol ...... Eric. ZIIZ MItIOr. 110/211 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylng Top DoI"r 
for your U.S. lliver Coina Minted 
before 1114. K8n 412· ... IP1O/3OI 

Need Prof. Keyboard & hom pllyer for 
aem~.tNdy wortc'n8 band. Dwlg'" za. 
1121. Mult have trene. 110/211 

P~8e 8 Triton Times October 21, 1974 

Two G.orll' Harri.on flnl need I rtde 
to end from L.A. Forum. Mondav Nov. 
11 . Will .h.re II.'. 462" '17. 110/211 

WANTED : A u •• d "Conc.ptl of 
Modern Phv.ic."IR.i.er' book. Pi ..... 
C.II Laurl.: 766-1210. 

F.m.l. Roommat. wlnt.d 2 bdrm. 
own room. n •• t. cl •• n . .. pr mo. EI.t 
S.n Dlello. Call Joan 2II·101i15 •• ft. Ii. 
110/211 

MUSIC MAJOR Or oth.rs Into pllvlnll 
or studvlnll mu.lc: I'd IIkl to inform.lly 
Int.rview you. T.lk any type of mu.lc 
you·r. into. Hours at your conv.nlenc • . 
A I.w $ po .. ible. Call Karin 46J.e121. 
(10/21' 
W.nted 1 rid. back E .. t .'ter Dec 5. 
Will share co.t. and driving . Cali Ira 
756·7B After 5 PM (10/21' 

F.male. w.nt.d for b.chelor p.rty. 
Serious inqui ri .. oniv pl ..... Stan 222· 
9207 Jim 225-1366. 110/211 

peBOnals 
lil' Dave· Having a wonderful tim • . 
Wish you were h.r • . Je t·.lm • . Nag 
(10/211 
Ther. is panic in Datroit. Th. spiders 
Irom Mar. ar. arriving. A·Lad· ln S.ne. 
110/211 
Frank L T.m Pecks Into .Imo.t 
ev.rvthing Or i. it otr7 Afraid to admit 
the truth7 (1 0/211 
Congratulation. to Liz. Scott. Steve .nd 
Todd. 13\4 is a popular sco .. 1 (10/21' 

Hev. Prol Cuervo: Do you n.ed • TA7 I 
have ."peri.nce. I lI.t lut. 01 Cusano 
Rojo Mazc.1 grubs. 110/21' 
To the uncrack.ble one: Can' t b.at 'em 
. A good VIC just millht do It to yOu vet 
• e.t 'em Anim.1 (10/21' 

BI.ke III . Rose. are red C, ..... ar. S .. t 
I. It m.llow7 Go for It I We·v. lo.t It . P 
and P (10/211 

ZillllV . P .... your .p.c. f.c. clo .. to 
min. Love · Ron.on 110/211 

EI Plnllu . vou· ... uch • charme" But 
tell me. how m.nv othar chick. do you 
worshlp71'm wi •• to you. Your w.,klnll 
dre.m. 110/21' 

M •. L .. Poo You'ra the chiquita of mv 
d .... m. Ind I cln't wlk. up Tu Munec:o 
110/21' 

Mlz M.rylnn Conllr.bl I IIU'" thl. 
Tu .. day m .. ne you're • ,... wom.n 
now. H.v •• lIood y .. r. 110/211 

To .Ith.r 0 : I'm not choosy. K. 110/211 

Rick K. CI.bert eav. hll 110/211 

Sue NiPper April In P.rtl w.. IIrMtl 
Michael Angelo ..". hie beat. Inot 
M.R.I 110/211 

J .. nnle of Comm Ollrden P ..... call 
Mike Sunlv.n .nydey .Iter ' . m.It'Il. 
Your prden look •• ,..tt 110/211 

Terrt . Don't for8lt Nt your tannl. 
pml will brtn. you heppl_ & f.m • . 
KC 110/211 

-JJ·W •• It I quiet wHk8nd whh Iota of 
.tudy •• tudy, .tudy? JP (10/211 

01.11"': H.ppy Birthday to you. H.ppy 
Birthday to you. HIPPY Birthday dear 
GI .. I.. ... LeDeT&CeLeJeReK 
110/211 

To GIS: IGay", Itrwkarl Do you ItIII 
Ilk. true .rh 1101211 

Daley • When you _k., you wit 
rem.mber everything .. J .R.R. 110/211 

car pools 
Looklnll for • car pool from P.B. to 
UCSD. Hou,. 8 to 6 d.lly (loose'. C.II 
Berni. 210-2611 . 110/21' 

housing 
RENT: Unfuml.hed townhousa near 
c.mpul. 2 BR. patio. c.rport. pool. 
$276/month. C"': %72·1831. Ipl0/211 

RENT: Unfumlsheel townhouH neer 
campul. 2 BR. PltiO. c.rport. pool 
$275/month. C.II: m ·lI31. IP10/21, 
N .. d third .,. ... on to .her. 2·bdrm .pt 
in P.B. Own room "'/ mo. Prafar c.r. 
Vicki or Cheryl m -527I. 110/21' 
F.mal. roomm.te w.nt.d to sher •• pt 
in PB. Your olNn util. Incl. " . 213·7211. 
(10/211 

Rmmate to sh.r.' BR apt. PB clos. to 
b •• ch. shop bus. $82.50 pr.f.r qui.t 
non·smok.r. Cali 488-8706 ev ••. (10/23' 

MB lochem grad haa room to .haraln La 
Joli •• har .. $76. CIII Tonv. 462·2008. 
(10/21' 
N •• d f.mal. roomm,t. po.t o.c 6 La 
Joli. ViII . • '00/ mo & lood & util. 1 Muir 
& 1 R.velle student now. (10/211 

F.m.le grad stu room mat. to shere 
r.nt.d 2 bed 2 bath .t.rt Nov. 1. Cali 
270-8133 in PB 110/25' 

Want.d: M or F rmmt. to .hara 2 bdr. 
apt' on Million $lID/mo. C.1i G.orlle at 
...... 8122 b.for. 8 .m or alter 9:30 p.m. 
(10/211 

Rmta. for 6 bdrm o .M. h •• ; 3 rm. open; 
$60; $10. Gardin; aVIII.bl. now. No 
re.ctlonarl •• 1 C.II J66.1423. 110/211' 

Flmal. room mat. want.d to .hare 2 
b.droom .pt with 2 other 111m $13 • 
month & utlllti .. pool & coa.t crul .. r 
p ..... rillht in front. C.II Su.l. 413· 
1111. (10/21' 

Gar'II' ... or .here room with f.m.l. 
llrea .tud.nt liv. with 4 conll.nl., but 
.tudioul IIlrl. . Prefer non.moker· 
f.m.I •. lIv. in Unlv Cltv 4 mil .. from 
clmpu •• bUI tren.po. CIII .v.nlnll' 413-
.... (10/211 

Rent: Furnl.h.d Aplrtm.nt D.I Mer. 1 
BR IIvlnll room·kltch.n. c.rport. pool. 
.'I1/mo. C.1I1II5-I23I. Ip10/231 

Flmll. roomm.t. needed to lhar. 
furn . • pt. S. La JoIII pool .tc. tI1.1O 
plul utt. m.- PM 110/211 
Roomm.te w.nted to .hare house In 
Clllr.mont w/2. Own room. 10 min to 
campu. $7I/mo. C.II 271-1130. 110/251 

3 room mit .. needed by lat Nov . 
• 7I/mo. Util Incl. Fur. Non-.mok .... 
prato C.II Stave 711-0744 Ev ... 1'0/211 

For rent 2BR apec:tacullr houM In 
Mlaalon Beech O.r. Wllh,,·Dryer. 
Fumllhed C.II ~2 W~ P.neI. 
(10/211 

services 
p.rt·tlm. wortl : _ h1rtne for our 
revolutl_ry _ bicycle product. 
You'll ba .mueel .t the trerMndou. 
" .. Iblilty of wortcing hf'I .• nd mOMtlry 
rewerd. Colleg. Itudenta. Mort. cell 
Pureult Interprl .. 1 Ina. 270-.... 
IP1OI21I 

Ty .. I.ta: 1 1M· Term ...... r· 
altt..ee/...".doneI __ 
IdhllIe/Rush JobeIX_.. AneII: .. 
.., ...... IP1O/211 

Portreha. color or b e W . You c"-
..nm.. lnaide or out. C'-! ...,. 
1111211 

TYPING .. M.rtlyn would Ilk. to tvpe 
your p.per. thelia. Itc. She Ie ••. 
.,.ri.nced on III tvllll of palllf'l. f .. t, 
r ... on.b ... nd hal In 18M. P ..... c.1I 
her .t 515-,.,. (pl0/251 
H.v. I I.ugh. Gig put down c.rd. 10 for 
.1.110. M.II check or mon.y·ord.r with 
.dd .... ed .tamped .nv"ope to J . 
Collin. PO Bo. "'. S.n DI.go. CA 
92101 (Pl0/231 
P .. med ••• 11 Inter .. ted. chl.f surll'on. 
City of Hope Wed Oct 23. 7:30 PM HSS 
2210 apo".or: Clmpu. Cru .. d. (10/231 
TYPIST: Th ..... Reporta. Misc. L.ttar 
IIIrt.ct. IBM clrb. rib. Ii6 c.nts PII. C.II 
Bee 753· 73Ii4I I pl0/261 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .Ii 
mod.l •• v.llible c.1I Mr f'".y 212. 
2188 (pll /271 

lost & found 
Lost on. Tim •• Witch in U"y H.II CIII 
Don at 481..Q113 110/211 

Lost Blue J.cket in Hum Aud. I •• t 
we.k S.ntlmental V.lu • . C.1I Annl •• t 
463-82211. (10/21' 

Lost: Bb CI.rin.t book. C. Bllrm.n/ 3rd 
Edt H.. no covar. LOit n.ar P & L I 
n.ed it. PI. c.1I 683·9188. (10/21' 

M.ster Kev Pitch Pip. lo.t Wed Oct 11 
II lound c.1I 5IJ.I263 Pl ..... I need to 
sing '1I.ln. 110/21' 

I 

Lost: B.ill' jlck.t .weater w/ brown 
.tltchlnll & pock.ts. L.ft In BI.k. Blth . 
c.1I J66.122&. V.1. R.w.rdl (10/21' 

Lost: 10 mo. puppy. Sm.1I lib w/ white 
chllt. An.w ... to Artll. H. I. sklt.rI.h. 
CIII Eric 463·no&. (10/211 

LOST It SQu •• h court on. .Ilver .nk 
medlilion on Illther .trap. PI_. 
contact G.orll' 313 ARGO. 110/211 

LOST: A d.rk brown folder with • 
wrltt.n v.llow ped In. Pi .... call H.nn. 
I.t. 2D3O or 413-7431. 110/211 

Lost copy of Adv.nc.d Cllculu. for 
Application. by Hlld.brand. R_.rd 
call 763-0010. 110/21' 

LOST: Mon Ifternoon. 1 pro of wi .. 
framed 11"_ & mMI cerd In flow8nld 
caM. Kim 412·1012. 110/211 

LOST Sunday on court _10. turquolN 
warmup lecket. C.II 27~. 110/211 

ta.OO R_.rd for retum of I boob on 
B.n Johneon. Loat In .telrwell of 2D 
lilt week. C." -...z. 110/211 

LOST 10-11 pair of ....... In brown 
cen probebfy near bookltore. R_.rd. 
Hylton .t 7U-GaI. 110/211 

LOST· l O'Neil lone lone. If found, caH 
Don, 412-110. 110/211 
LOST C......, for hand celouletor. usa 
2IZ2 or nMftty. Kevin .... ,. 1101211 

travel 
EUROPE·ISRAEL· AFRICA Itudent 
"III"" .N V-' round CONTACT: lacA 
- UnlVWlltv Ave. _11 "n D,"o, 
CeIff. 1Z111 TlL:I714I217·J01O 12'1'''' 
_IPl11271 

,UROPl. laRAIL. ORIINT. Low oMt 
.tuderI1 "Iehte ai, veer ~nd. A.I. •• T. 
,. I. La CIeMte' alvd. LOI~. 
_ I7Mt .... _ Of 12111 _4727 
IPl11271 

MW T ..... 0ffI0e • ON CAMPU8 • 
IUfIOIJI • NY C..... UCID IIIt'I 
c.m. 412 ... ' .. J:JI M. W, , ON&. Y 
IPl11271 


