
Overseers Board Has 
Eight New Members 

The appointment of eight new members to the UCSO Board of 
Overseers has been announced by U SD Chance llor William D. 
McEk'oy and H rbert Kunzel , who will rve for th(' second year a 
cha irman of the Board of Overseer; 

The first meeting of the Board 01 th(' 1974-7'> il( ademlc y('ar IS 
sc heduled for 2 00 pm nn Tuesday, O( tolwr H, In the IntC'rnatlonal 
Center on the Matthews Campu~ 

The Board of Overseer wa 
e tablished la t year to "advi 
and a sist In the university' 
cont inuing development " DWlI1g 
the pa t y ('f th Board has given 
advice on IS ues of Its own 
r hoo Ing as w(>11 a on thos!' 
pre nted by the Chanu'lior 
Including the annual operating 
budget ,- capital proj('ct~ and 
poll y I ues of Il1lportanc to 
both the (ampu and (01lW1Un Ity 

Tht> Pight npw board m mbers 
Inc luat' Robprt Biron, pre Ident 
ot Rancho La Jolla, Mrs . Elinor 
Oatman, a dll tor of the San 
Oll'gO Trust and Savll1gs Bank, 
<lnd Harold Keene, reporter and 
( omm ntator for KFMB-TV, bring 
the apPointed membership to 45 . 
In addition, th re are SIX ex-
offl 10 members representing 
( ampu ervi e groups, the 
laculty, the administration and 
th tudent body 

The ex-offlclo m mbers. Include 
Mc EI roy, Dr C II fford Crob t 111, 
UCSD Vice hancellor for 
Unlver Ity Relations , Dr Melford 
r Dlro, Profes or of An-
thropo logy and a member of the 
UC 0 faculty sin e 1968, Frank L. 
Hope, Jr, pr ident of Frank L. 
Hope and As oClates and 
chairman of the UCSD Chan-
(pllor's lub; and Thomas E. 
Robinson, a U SO graduate and 
pr Sid nt of the UCSD Alumni 
and Friends . 

A student board member will 
be named later thl year . 

New Requirement 

Maradudin 
IsAssembly, 

AS Chair 
Dr Alexi A Maradudln 

protessor 01 phy I( ~ <It Iht' 
Unlver,lty ot Californld , Ir\ Int'. 
has b gun a om .... \l'dr Il 'rl11 ,1\ 
halrm an 01 both thl' UC 

Assembly ot thp A( dd('1ll1l 'wndtl:' 
and of tht' At ddt'llll( (oun( II 

Profe~~or Maradudln ~u( «('{'ded 
Arthur I KiP. proll'~~or of phYSICS 
at UC Ill'rkt'lpy, on September 1. 

Thl' A~~l'lllblv IS the legl~latlve 
body 01 the A( ademlc pnat , th 
of II cia I faculty organization 

rl'~pon Ible for admission and 
dpgrpe standard and curri culum 
Thp ouncil, a ommltlee of the 

~~('mbly, oordlnates the work 
ot thl' Un Iversity-wide nate and 
serv 5 In an advisory role to the 
admlJ1lstratlon In matters af-
f ct lng faculty welfare and other 
ar as of University poliCY and 
governan e 

Dr Maradudin 's area of 
research IS sol id state physics, 
and In 1973 he was awarded the 
UCI Alumni Association Award 
for 01 tlnguished Faculty 
Re earch , 

He IS a reSident of Newport 
Beach. 

by Kevin Anderson 

The Student Cooperative, 
m et ll1g Monday,heard pleas for 
financial assistance from the 
food Co-op, the Coast Crul er, 
and the newly formed hOUSing 
(ooperative. A deCISion on 
whether to approve the co-op 
propo al which replaces TU C 
(The Undergraduate tudent 
Council) was po tponed on 
wp('k , enabling tudents to 
consider the proposal 111 detail 

Publicity 
,\pproxlllldtply 100 tudent 

at tl'ndpd the' meet Ing 
I hI' I(pm that drew the mo t 

<11'( u~~lon wa relat d to 
Il1dttt'r~ conc rnlng the 
plIbllut of the co-op One of 
Iht ' propo als not officially 
,ubmrtted but presented by a 
member of the co-op publicity 
(Ommlttee, Clen Plowman , 
(ai led for speakers to be in-
stalled in every main dorm 
lounge on campus and con-
nected to transmitters in the 
KSDT radiO station . Total cost 

Mark Bookman 

Fourth College Fosters Writing Ability 
by V~lerie Girud 

Fou rth College 's writing 
program, one of the principle 
requ irments of the new college, is 
designed to create in students a 
writing profic iency that high 
schools and other colleges may 
neglect. The requirement was 

included last year as a result of 
dissatisfaction over the writing 
quality of UCSD students. 

The director of the proaram is 
Lowry Pei, a Harvard waduate 
who is currently finishin" his PhD 
In English from Stanford after 
laving taullht a year of writin" at 
the University of Missouri . 

Pei desi"ned the course himself 

after examining other writing 
programs, including the one 
quarter requirement at Third 
College. Principle goals of the 
writing program are to teach the 
student to write material that 
generates public interest. Pei 
feels that writing can be "exci ting 

if a c lass can share the task of 
learning to write better." 

The course will cover narration 
before moving into more 
analytical writing . Pei also hopes 
to live students time to work 
extensively on one topic . 

Pei has submitted a proposa I 
for funds to publish material in a 
class quarterly, ~ivinR students an 

opportunity to see their material 
in print. A few students from 
other colleges have inquired 
about the course, and Pei stated 
that if enough people show in-
terest, the course might even-
tually be opened to other 
students . 

4th Meeting 
Fourth College will hold two 
organization~1 meetings today 
and tomorrow to set up a college 
government. The meetings are 
scheduled for noon today and 
6:30 p.m. tomorrow in order to 
attract both resident and off-
campus students. 

Jenny Mun~y, Fourth College 
De~n, will he~d the meetinRs. 
Fourth's polentWiI govemment 
will be discussed and the v~rious 
committees open to students will 
be ~nnounced. 

Most of the positions will be 
appointed by the Fourth ColieRe 
Provost Office for this year. 
Althouah a committee will be 
chosen to set up the structure of 
the government, it is known that 
student .presentatives will be 
chosen to serw on the bec:utive 
Committee that deals with 
academic .ffain. 

was estimated at $2,000. 
Another proposal, endorsed 

by .the publiCity' comm ittee, was 
to publ ish a news letter to be 
circulated before each meeting 
in an effort to encourage 
student partiCipation and to 
allow students an opportunity to 
preview topics scheduled on the 
meetings agenda. 

Members of the co-op an-
nounced that a comprehensive 
research team is in the process 
of being formed in order to 
study and determine co-op 
housing possibilities for UCSD. 
The study is composed of ten 
students and is headed by Ben 
CiIl 

Coast Cruiser 
A plea of help was brought 

before the co-op in request for 
additional funds for the Coast 
Cruiser, the university oriented 
bus line operating between the 

orth County communities and 
U(SD. I t was proposed at the 
meeting that a petition be 
presented to Chancellor Will iam 
McElroy asking that fares be 

reduced to fifteen, or pOSSIbly 
ten cents, and that more bus 
service be established to and 
from North County. 

Student Affairs legal counsel 
Mark Bookman explained that 
the university's S9,000 subsidy 
to the Cruiser (paid from Parking 
Fines and Fortitures) carried a 
condition that the fair be raised 
to twenty-five cents . However, 
Bookman added that if S4,000 to 
$5,000 could be raised from 
other sources, possibly the 
Coop, that the fare could be 
dropped to last year's dime. 

There was also discussion of 
the recommendations of the 
Legitimacy Committee, which 
presented a report suggesting 
that the Coop move toward 
establishing " legitimacy of 
~ction and legitimacy of 

E
penness ." Rick Drom , a 
ember of the committee who 

pposed the report, sa:d he 
would indicate his opposition in 
a letter to the Chancellor. Drom 
would not release the letter to 
the Triton Times. 

CALPIRG Offers First 
SD Candidate 'Profiles' 

by Sara lowen 
The recent publication of the 

CALPIRG political profiles marks 
the first in-depth study of of-
ficeholders in the San Diego area. 

The prof i les cover the 
backgrounds , voting records , 
campaign finances , and district 
demographies of thirteen San 
Diego officeholders--state 
senators, assemblymen and 
upervisors They are for ale at 

book tores and on co llege 
ampu e for 20 cents each or 

$2.00 for the set of thlrte n 
Under the direction of 

CALP IRG (California PubliC 
Int re t Re earch Croup). an 
Diego area ollege tudent put 
nine month of re earch II1tO the 
prOject Judy boud, the prOJect 
oordmalor, aid, "We felt that 

there was a ne d to let an 
Dlegans know something about 
their I gl lator and sup rVlsor , 
b Side what th y h ar m 
ampalgn ads, e on po t r or 

re eive .In an officeholder' 
mailer " 

CALPIRG Dlr tor Dan Fraflldln 
In an Diego, aid that while a 
mall fr4 tlon of voter have 

pur hased the profile , many 
more have hard of them through 
the ten Ive media OV('fag th 
profile have re elved H said h 
wa " urpl'l ed but plea ed" With 

the number of profi les that have 
been sold and with the overall 
reaction to them. " We had no 
idea what to expect when we 
published them. This type of 
project had never been done here 
before." 

Franklin added that the 
reactions of the officeholders 
profiled have been varied . The 
profiles were praised b State 
Senator M ill and Assemblymen 
Kapiloff, Chacon and Deddeh . 
Supervi ors Bear, Taylor and 
Conde VOiced complaints about 
profile . 

The Ignlflcance of the profile 
to CALPIRG , according to teve 
Brault, U 0 graduate and 

.A,LPIRC aid , I that " ThiS IS the 
Continued on P~ge 2 

Hi, Mark. 
I n anecdote: A medtcal 

student whose pnnciples we 
all respect and admtre re!tJsed 
10 bllY as tU II G.Jf slalio" 
whtch, he saul, "ad o"ce 
charged htm tJnfatrly {or 
repair work. T,~~ medtcal 
sttJdent ran OtJt of gas three 
mtles later 

Remarked h,s pa e"ger, 
"Whe" o tJ 've got YotJr 
health, 10" 've gol I" I abOtJl 
everythi"B .. 



IPOLITICS: JAMES G. solol 

Lun~h Money 
Thi:; year more than any other in recent memory, the subject of 

money has assumed a prime position in poitical campaigns. Un-
fortuNitelv, some candidates have become obsessed with discussing 
ther opponents' money rather than the issues of the day. 

Edmund G. Brown Jr. began taling about Houston Flournoy's 
financial bickers even before his nomination in the June primaries. At 
a picnic for campaign workers last June, Brown claimed that Flournoy 
was heavay supported by Governor Reagan's so-caled "k itchen 
cabinet" of well-known and well-financed Republican money men. 
Although Flournoy has received some monies from the likes of Hpnry 
Salvatore and Holmes Tuttle, Houston Flournoy has been hard pressed 
to mount the type of campaign it takes to win a Califom ia election 
against a tough opponent such as Jerry Brown. 

Despite attempts by most to cut campaign costs to a min imum, the 
price tag on elections continues to rise. Califomia has become so large 
that regional campaign offices must be set up in los Angeles, San 
Francisco, and now San Diego. Each of these offices causes an 
enormous drain on the campaign coffers. Media costs continue to rise 
but these are necessary expenses if one hopes to win . One mailing to 
all Califomia voters would probably cost over 52 million and paper 
costs conti nueto rise even faster than the rate of inflation in the state. 
The logistical problems of traveling around a state so geographically 
large have also increased costs . 

Flournoy and Brown agreed ea rl ier in the campaign ·to lim it their 
spendin g . The two candidates have kept, within the scope of their 
agreement. Houston Flournoy seems to have difficu ky even ap-
proachin g the limit. Still one gets the feeling that this year's guber-
natorial race, despite the good candidates, despite the issues raised, 
despite the contrast in political philosophies, has failed to com-
municare to the voters enough information to make a real campaign. 
In addition to general voter disinterest and abnormally poor media 
coverage, one of the major reasons for thiS failure has been a lack of 
money or limits on money to wage effective campaigns . 

Over the weekend staff members from the Triton T mes attended 
two poli tical functions deSigned to ra ise money for election cam-
paigns. last Friday night Representative Clair Burgener held a 5100 a 
plate dinner. Though there were no speeches in a true political sense, 
Congressman Burgener said that he realized it was difficult to ask 
people to pay 5100 for a campaign these days but that 421 people 
bought tickets. Out of those proceeds he would be able to finance his 
entire c ampaign . . 

Though i t would be difficult to presume that Burgener's opponent 
Bill Bandes can call a dinner and payoff his total expenses, Burgener 
can be complimented for trying to spread his campaign costs over a 
relatively large nunner of people in local races. Too many Republicans 
and Democrats receive their fu nd ing from a sma ll clique of financial 
backers . I n some cases there will be only two or three people funding a 
mub-mdl ion dollar state campaign. 

Satu Id ay, at the Richardson lu ncheon, the subject of money arose 
once more . H.l. Richardson said that In his campaign he has yet to ask 
anybody for money. Despite impressions to the contrary, Richardson's 
ca mpaig n has not had the active and staunch support of Republican 
fat cats who often associated with the COP. 

Fable_ 
Continued from Page 6 

Imagine it diverting food to more 
valuable foods allowing others to 
sicken and die. 

Imagine ·th is mythical sub-
stan ce developi ng methods of 
training skilled cells, special 
envi ronments to grow workers for 
specia l ized functions. 

UCSD IS s~bsldlzed by the state 
of California . It IS therefore to be 
expected that the university must 
be responsive to the needs of the 
state. There is no altrUism, no 
sense of learning for the sake of 
learning Despite the plat i tudes 
that sp w forth from the mouths 
of administrators, you are being 
tni ned In a particular field 
b, 'cause it is deemed useful by 
the Cal ifornia taxpayer that you 

b~ 0 trained . 

Two hour p.og,am of thln"n 
film. aalectad bv the Oapan· 
mant of Clnama at UCLA It 
,ap.a.antlng thalr b .. t film. 
producad I .. t VN'. Tltla. In-
clude: 

A VIRGIN IN HOLL YWOOD ' 
DUEL ' PROCESS ANTI·MATTER· 
PAPPA OOM' ROOM & BOARD 
DANSE ARABE-HANOI GOLD 2'· 
CENTS PUPPY SONG· STILL 
BORN ' AND I DONT MEAN 
MAYBE ' MARKETING ' THE 
AMERICAN DREAM 
Evenlnlls t"roull" next Tua$dllv 
Pllrr T lit 7/9/TTpm -- p"" 2 .t 
8/TOrJm 

THE NOCTURNAL CINEMA 
Every S"turdllY lit Mldnlghl 

A speclel film prog'em ... 
Announced on Sltu.dey 

7456 La.Jolla -Blvd. 459-434J 

Dr. Marvin Weitzman 
OPTOMETRIST 
NEWIIIDWAY 

FEB ItART .TOR. 

J Triton filMS Octo"r 

There will be a series of meetings coming up for 
Revelle students interested in getting oriented. 
Sometime this fall , seniors interested in post-
graduate options and freshmen in Il!~sted in the 
latest tips for survival in hillher education will 

math, and we can expect more assistance of th is 
sort for transfers in the future , to help with other 
academic problems and career objectives ... 

Revele has a new Assistant Resident Dean 
She's Mary Co a former UCSO student now i~ 

The Revelle Reporter A feature devoted e.clulively to announcement. and events concernint Revelle Colle,e. 
have a chance to get together and feed back ... law School·USD. She'll be working on vanous 

socia I programs, including the Guest in Residence 
Committee. Mary is available at the School office 
of the resident dean, ground floor, Argo Hall. 

Revel e is ten years old this year, and the Dean's 
office feels that this is a good time to see "where 
things are going." 

Dean Mort, commenting on the increased 
popularity of living in dorms, views today's 
campus atmosphere as a " retum to the 
traditional." In an effort to improve UCSD's 
overa" appeal and effectiveness, improved 
facilities for the handicapped are being 
examined ... 

Among matters under consideration are im-
proved facil ities for commuter stu dents, including 
more lockers a.nd an off-campus resident center, 
designed to keep the commuller informed of 
campus events, respond to h IS needs and help him 
get his " money's worth ." Parking is a continuing 
problem, of course ... 

Transfer students can expect some additional 
aid th is fall . Emie Mort says th e a ttrition rate is far 
too h igh, among other concerns. last summer, 
there was a specia I math progra m created to help 
pntPrin!! i\lni()r~ overcome mitia I difficultie in 

The rrack One and Track Two lower division 
seq uences on Revelle will most likely get a 
work n g-over this fall . A Provost's comm ittee wil l 
be studying possible changes. 

CALPIRG SO Political Profiles 
Continued from Page 1 

largest and longest-range project 
we've done. Because of it, we've 
gained res pect from the 
lawmakers in the community and 

Dear 
Readers: 
Bring 
Ed itoria Is, 
Cartoons 
Letters To 
TT Office 
Lower 
Blake Hall 
Tired of .Impla Sanity? 
Bored to d .. 1tI with paltry R .. lhy? 
Wanta , .. 1 chanca to untathar your 
wit. un .... h your Innar 

dapravltlaa. and gain In.tant 
notoriety In tha p,oc ... ? 
Gat your Imaglnatlonal rock. off on 
tha 

Triton Tim .. Craatlvlty P.g.1 
Send your poem • . 

ehon lto,la •• 

to: 

IItl, ••. 
jok ••. 
alande,a. 

utopian Ichem ••• 
..... Inatlon plot. 

Mlrk McCarty 
cf 0 Triton Tim • • 
117 BI.ka Hall 

Tha luthor'. ,aal nama mu.t ac-
company I aubmltted artlcl • . but a 
p •• udonym will ba ua.d upon 
raqu .. t. 

...... ,... 
"' ...... 

CAlPIRG has gotten more media result of the success of the 
attentIOn than it's ever had political profiles . The 
before ." Brault said that · organization plans to do profil es 
organlLation plans to tackle more on the ci ty council members and 
sophisticated projects now, as a the mayor later this year. 

R~gister to V ~te 
*H you11 be 18 by Nov. 5 

N OW *H you've moved *H you're new here 
*" you did not vote in 

,..------- Nov. 1972 
Students can 
register at their DEADLINE 
college address SUNDAY OCT. 6 

uc SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

The unoffiCial Fly wllh us for 
sta te bird . PSA . has a song to eleven cities 
mo re flights connecting Wantlo ca tchaPSAGnnnmg-
northern and southern Cali bird? Thats easy Just catch 
fo rnla than any other airline up With your ca mpus rep 

PIA .... yau _11ft. 

BALLOON . SCUBA 
EXPEDITION 

TO 
YUCATAN 

A LIMITED !'lUMBER flOl 
OF FAC l: LTY l STUDE !'ITS 
WILL BE PARTICIPATINC 

FROM DFCFMIlER ZI. TO JANUARY ~ 

FREE LECTURE 
FRIDAY. OCTOBER . 
8,00 P."". 
COUNCIL CHAMBl'R AT 

AZTEC CENTER 

CONTACT. DR. WILLIAM .. ALLAC E 
1'OR SAN DlI'OO STAT!' uJillY. 
DATA J86-6])1 OR '16-tll7 

,; 

. Wells Fargo haS a 
designed 

plan 
for ·students. 

At a price designed 
especially for students. 

, 

000 l 

For a dollar a month, you can have a student checking 
account at Wells Fargo Bank. There's no minimum balance re: 
quired, and you can write as many checks as you want. 

You'll get a statement every month. And if you decide 
not to write checks over the suml1'ler, there's no monthly service 
charge at all. We'll still keep your account open, even if there's 
no money in it, until you return to school in the Fall. 

We also have a special Master Charge credit plan for stu-
dents. It provides extra money when you need it-and a good way 
to build credit standing. 

To find out more about student banking, come in to the 
La 10lla Office of Wells Fargo Bank at 7602 Girard Avenue 
in La 101la. 

Wells Fargo Bank. 

, I • 

Pile J Triton TilMs October 2, 1974 



Polo Team 
Drowns Pomona 

1M Leagues 
Still Forming 

by Bert lee 
Before a capacity and surprisingly vociferous crowd , the UCSD 

water polo team opened its season on an optimistic note as i t 
defeated Pomona College 6-4 Friday night in the home pool 

The Tritons, passing well , tallied the Initial score when Al iln O'Hern 
scored from close range (the first of four goals), in the fir~t quarter 
later in the second quarter, O'Hern scored again to give the Tritons a 
2-0 advantage at halftime. Despite the score, the Pomona team 
managed to get more shots off in the first half and the Tritons wou ld 
have been In trouble if it weren't for the spectacular play of goalie 
Bob Alei (pronounced all-ie), whose father's first name happens to be 
Mohammad, (honest) . Indeed, Bob himself exhibited the quick 
reflexes of another Mohammad Ali. 

The Pomona squad would not die (drown?), however, as it quickly 
scored a fter the · intermission to make it 2-1 . When UCSD was next 
penahzed, the Pomona squad was awarded a one man advantage, but 
the Tritons played beautiful defense to preserve the lead . UCSD then 
regained the momentum, and before a delighted audience, increased 
Its lead to 5-2, (O'Hern scoring twice more) . Corky (El Chunko) Hull 
was also Impressive during this stint with his good passing and 
powerful cannon-armed shots. 

Pomona made a brief run to cut the lead to 5-4, but then ran out of 
gas dnd lime as the Tritons hung on to win . 

Coach Gary Becker was extremely pleased with the AGGRESSIVE 
team play, (9 Trotons fouled out!) and the great work of the reserves. 

FOOTBALL 
Anyone wishing to sign up tor a 

men's or a coed flag football 
team , there is still time. Plenty of 
open dates remain on Saturday 
and Sunday. Bring your team 
roster to Harry Bloom in the Rec 
Gym . 

It has been a past policy to 
charge 1M football teams which 
forfei t games, a forfeit fee 
equivalent to the cost of the 
referees for the game. Teams not 
paying the fee were not allowed 
to participate further . 

This year, there will not be a 
forfeit fee. If for some reason a 
team is unable to playa game on 
a particular date or time, it is still 
expected that the team will notify 
the 1M office (452-4038) 24 hours 
prior to the game. Hopefully each 
team will feel enough of a sense 
of responsibility and con -
sideration to make any kind of a 
forfeit fee unnecessary. I Women Spikers: "Unbeatable" 

by Dave Elsen 
Women's volleyball has added a new wrinkle 

this season and with it cou ld very possibly be the 
team's third consecutive San Diego Women's 
I nterco lIegiate Ath letic Conference cham-
pionship. 

Th'e 1974 season will be only the third in 
existence for women's intercollegiate volleyball at 
UCSD, but if Coach Chuck Millenbah's strategy 
pays off, the Tritons will have another title. 

According to Millenbah, " I believe that this 
team is smart enough to use the difficult 6-0 
offense instead of the simpl ified 4-2 pattern that 
we've used the past two years . If we play together 
and p ss well, I'm sure we'll be unbeatable." 

Millenbah is entering his eighth year of 
coaching, and among his recent accomplishments 
was the heading of UCSD's nationaJ men's 
volleyball champions in 1970. 

Returni ng from the 1973 squ'td are tup players 

including captain Susan Papanek, Andrea Beylen, 
Susan Tusch, Margi Schwartz, Tina Flammer, Ellen 
O'Rorke, and Holly Stewart. Ella Ljungwe is rated 
hi ghest among the new prospects, who include 
Teresa Duquette, Susan Hannahs, Wen Chi Ho, 
Joan Roberts, Cathy Horimoto, and Diane 
Dougherty. Other team members are Amy linden, 
lisa Neely, Judy Otero, Teresa Ryan, Vera Torp, 
and lori Bonesteel. 

Coach Millenbah is assisted by his travelling 
secretary Kathy Davis. The head coach com-
mented, " Red (Davis) is really doing an out-
standing job keeping the girls in line." The squad, 
under the leadership of Millenbah and Davis, 
practices daily, from 4-5 :30 pm, and everyone is 
welcome to come out and watch the women 
beginning Monday, September 30. 

The Triton regular season starts at home Oc-
tober 8 in the UCSD Recreation Gym at 4 pm 
against Palomar. 

The Because'-0mhaceptor:-.. 
a remruhble b1rlh conliollnVllnhon 
CODta1niJl.g SiX uses of medically 
testPll anarecommended b1rth 
control protection in one conhaceptor 
unit.,1\hthmg else is needed 

.. just Because 

Pap 4 Triton Tlmn October 2, 1974 

COfDTENNIS 

Now you can put those hours 
of practice to good use. The 1M 
Dept is forming mixed Doubles 
Tennis leagues. Competition will 
be divided into two divisions; 
Division A for all players who 
competed on high school or 
college teams, and Dillision B for 
the rest of the players who have 
had less experience Matches will 
be played on Tuesday - and 
Thursday nights from 7-10 on the 
MUIf courts . Even If you do not 
have a partner, come to the 
meeting at 5 pm on Oct 3 in the 
Rec Gym Conference Room 

BASkETBAll 

Basketball freaks, now IS the 
time to sign up for 3-man 
basketball Get your team 
together and be at the captain's 
meeting hlday, Oct. 4 at 3 pm In 
the Rec Gym Conference Room. 

ClWP 
That springtime faVOrite of all 

the intramural fl h, coed onner-
tube waterpolo has come to the 
fall quarter. Due to the over-
whelming popularity of the polo 
version lIersus the basketball 
version of the aquarian game, 
polo has now replaced basketball 
as the fall sport in the pool. For all 
those who have teams or are 
putting a team together there will 
be a captain's m eeting today 
(Oct. 2) at 4 pm in the Rec Gym 
Conference Room . 

Benched 

A Day he Life 
As the enterprising young journalist I decided to venture Into a world that 

Tr iton Times reporter had ever been to world of professional football. 
This journey began somewhat on a credi t where credit should bp due, I 

was ta lking to Bob Moss the other arked as to what potential (I) I had a, 
reporter . I-cqnfided in him that my was to become the next Iloward (00;('11 
(I'd settle for being the next Jim M ,In his usual positive \o\d~ 'lIggt" t.'d that 
I ought to cover professional sports for s on my way 

After making several trips to the San - "'" '''''' office I finally reCl'I\('d , I P'\" to 
the Press Box for the an Diego - MI la t unday 

Going to a pro football game IS an ppt for n1l' I usudll, ,It .Hound tht ' 
hous watching the SIX onstant repla\! ,\ dllferent clll~I(' , 01 I'\('r~ pl a\ th"t 
o cur In the game I also absord the pl.1\-by-play dpS(flptIOIl<; tlnd on cit 'pth 
analYSIS of each gam donp hy the likes (1\ and AI Dp Ro-,oll1\'thlrl~ 

After payong the outrageous ~um 01 m~ (ar on an DIPgo' lar~t·'t PMI..II1L: 
lot , I picked up my tree press pass ilt mlm: an clura 01 SUPPflOflt\ thilt I "", 
confident that every 'ood reportpr I dpltl'y tollowpd thp \I~n, to tilt' !'ft'" 
Aox, flashing my rass at anyonE' who th,lI I trulv tim a rt'portpr lor tht ' Ollt' 
and only Troton Times 

Aft r ettlong on to my a slgn('d ,\,,I t I ha\(' (,Vl'r hact lor ,1m 'portln~ 
event) I proceeded to absorb the bt'l ng playt'd III thE' Ml'nd 1)I>IOrl' 1111' 

If only th game w re three quart!'rs III four an DIPgo I a 11\ "oLllct qoll b(' 
dancong on the aisle If that were tht' " ... "' .. u,~ • • dOt' liI,t lour quartpr\ 

In the fourth quarter the- Dolphins arE' tht' World hamplons, a~ the" 
scored three touchdowns, ~he last II , Ipit . to won the game from a \('ry 
Impres Ive Charger t('am by thE' score 

At the beginning of the season pott5 
win more than the fwo games they 
Charger are for real. 

For example there is Don Woocts. a 
Mexico Highlands or something e 
game, shredding Miami's vaun ted 
you have to go to USC or Notre 

~d doubted whether the Chargers could 
Pdf Hut let me guarantee you that th(' 
nnlng back from a school ('a llf'ct t'W 
or remote. Woods was the "tar 01 the 

yards and two 10uchdowns Who says 
I 

They upset (?) ClnnClnall last weekell. 'ou u nday But 

Thousands of Topics 
S2.75 per page 

Send for your up·to-date, 
176'page, mail order cata log 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
SI.00 to cover postage (1·2 
days delivery t ime). 

519,GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

LOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
Our materoals are sold for 

researc h purposes onlv 

I non""ofll 
PUblic "rv'ce 

."nc'1 

Birth 
Control 
Inst itute 

• Counseling 

• p".,ency Testing 
• Abortion 

• Bir1h Control 
• V..:tomy 

• Fern. StarillDtion 
Call BCI for 

tonfidenti81 ... ~ 
17141 283-8351 
(714)~757 

• to 

Newest I M Sport 

European Handball Invades UCSD 
by Dirk Slaker 

What's the fastest moving action at UCSD besides the cu te blond 
in your O-{:hem lab with the nicest pair of ea'rs that you've eller seen? 

To gille you a clue, it's one of the numerous intramural sports those 
friendly people down at the Rec reation Office bring us each year. 
Well, it's not football , or basketball , or even inner-tube polo, but a 
strange cross between all three With a dash of floor hockey and 
soccer for favor. What is it you .ask? Wf]y noth ing other than 
European handbal l. 

You're probably saying by now that this writer has either been 
hallucinating after eating in the cafeteria or smoking something else 
in his pipe besides Borkum Riff. Handball is a game you play by 
slapping a small rubber ball against concrete walls. This is, however, 
American handball. 

European handball is a game played by throwin" it leather ball, 
smaller than a volleyball yet larger than a sOnDall, IIltO a soccer-styie 
net , But ifs not alwayS as easy as it appears. 

In most cases, mere will be seven players on the opposing team 
jumping up and down, trying to pr~ent you from scoring. Three are 
known as forwards, three as guards, and filially the ever-alert goalie. 
The only difference between the forward and guard positions is that 
the forward is relied upon mainly for scoring. However, both forwards 
and guards play offense and defense, depending on who controls the 
ball. 

Like bask~ball, the whole team is in constant motion, except for 
the goalie, who must remain in the goal area, The goal area itself is 
restricted to both offense and defense alike, and violation of this 
results in a penalty. 

There are very few penalties, and those that are called are similar 
to the ones in basketball, with the exception of offsides. In minor 
offenses, the ball is given to the other team for an ind irect freethrow. 
'!hose penalt,d that the referee deems major infractions, such as 
lIiolently striking the ball away from an opponent, result in a penalty 
shot for the opposing team . Body contact is kept limited; howeller, as 
in any Quick sport, it i$ often unavoidable. 

As in basketball, the ball is moved by nribblinll and passing. A 

player may dribble the ball as long as he or she desires and is forced 
to pass it only if the ball is held without dribbling. If this occurs, the 
player can take either three steps or hang onto the ball for three 
seconds, at whi ch time It must be passed . 

A player may dribble with one hand, two hands, a head, or any part 
of the body above the knee Along the same line, the ball may be put 
Into the goal with any part of the body above the knee . For instance, 
a common way to score IS to throw the ball into the air and spike it 
With the hand, as In volleyball. A score is only possible if your op-
ponent IS wll.llng, and only In the goal area, behind the net or in any 
other comfortable location . 

Games will be held In the Rec Gym and w ill consist of two running 
time halves, with a five minute half time break. Teams will be coed, 
(refer to last line of preceding paragraph.) and if the wome" .are 
anything like thosewho participated in floor hockey, the compet ition 
should be stiff. For answers to any further questions, see Harry in the 
Rec Office. 

Captain's meeting will be on October 4th at 4 pm. 

Tritons Kick A 
The UCSD Varsity Soccer team 

opened the season With a 
resounding 3-1 victory over 
Pepperdine University Coach 
Stewart Hayes was pleased with 
the performance of hiS team. 

The Tritons opened the scoring 
on a thrOW-in to Alfonso Gon-
zalez from Brad Perry. Gonzalez 
headed the ball to Carlos Robles 
who headed the ball into the 
goal Pepperdlne came back and 
tlPel the score, but from then on 

the play was dominated by UCSD. 
Charlie Webster garnered the 

second goal for the Tritons with a 
hard shot that glanced off a 
defender and into the goal. Dave 
Youngdale closed out the scoring 
easily when a pass across the 
mouth of the Pepperdlne goal 
caught the goalie out of poSition . 

The team will be in actIOn this 
weekend, as they compete in The 
San Diego State Invitational 
t{ound Robi n Tournament. 

• IF YOU'LL .E 18 BY NOVEMBER 5th 
.,F YOU ARE NEW HERI 

(NO RESIDINey REQUIREMENT) 
.,F YOU HAVE MOVED 
.,F YOU DID NOT VOTE IN NOVEMBER t 172 

STUD.NTS CAN, R.GISTER AT THEIR CAMPUS ADDRESS 

Pqe S Triton TilMl October l, 1.74 



u.s. and Cuba Should He-establish Ties 
BY FRANK MANKIEWICZ 

Fidel Castro believes, and with some 
justification, that the shade of John Foster Dulles-
with all his anti-Communist fervor-haunts 
American policy toward Cuba. But even the late 
secretary of state might want to change our Cuban 
policy now. After all, Dulles was always seeking 
"situations of stibility" in the world, and, as Castro 
pointed out rece"tly, Cuba has the most stable 
government in the Western Hemisphere. Castro 
made that statement about stability to an 
American visitor in July and he added, with only a 
slight smile, " including, I believe, yours." 

There is no question in my mind that American 
policy toward Cuba needs to change. It resembles 
at present nothing so much as one of those 
fascinating folk festivals held by ancient tribal 
societies, in which the characters act out a drama 
complete with masks and costumes, but the 
origins of whichflo living observer can describe or 
even recall . 

Our Cuban policy over the years has changed 
somewhat, but only in the sense that our hostility 
has become inactive and static . The policy 
originally was only unreasonable; now, it is ac-
tually counterproductive. It began, of course, with 
active counterrevolutionary intervention at the 
Bay of Pigs. Thereafter, the continuing political 
ignorance of the military.<:IA complex having 
been once more exposed, the policy returned to 
ordinary subversion-such as early crude attempts 
at the "destabilization" of Cuba that were later to 
prove "successful" in Allende's Chile . Raids along 
the coast, the planting of agents, frustrating the 
replacement of spare parts-that sort of thing. 

By the mid 1960'5, even this milder form of 
direct intervention had tailed off, to be replaced 
by nothing much stronger than oratory. 

What are the main elements of our Cuban 
policy, which President Ford now says depends 
upon our faithful adherence to the majority view 
of our partners in the Organization of American 
States? Generally speaking, there are six-all bound 
together in what Cubans call " the blockade." 

-No direct trade-or indirect , for that matter-
between the United States and Cuba . This means 
that a manufacturer of can-cutting machinery (or, 
for that matter, of lightbulbs)who wants to sell to 
Castro-at any price, on any terms-cannot. It also 
means that he cannot sell to a third country buyer 
who would then transship the merchandise to 
Cuba. 

-No country which receives economic aid or 
credit from the United States may trade with. 
Cuba, under pain of losing the American largesse. 
There have been a few exceptions to this poli(:y, 
either in the interests of old alliances or just plain 
sanity. 

-No ship which has called at a Cuban port may 
then call at an A!'lerican port . This is obviously a 
major source of strength of the blockade, and 
accounts for the presence of a lot of ships with 
strclnge flags in Havana Harbor. 

.<:uba is, of course, excluded from the OAS and 
other hemispheric groupings. This does about as 
much damage to the Castro government as would 
being e(duded from the Aqua-Velva After Shave 
Club, a,d Castro himself has no desire to rejoin 
the Ol-S 

'<:ub,1 1)0 longer is a participant in the U.S. sugar 
quota. rhis is largely a useless sanction, since the 
price o ' sugar has skyrocketed recently and it has 
been a sellers' mJ~e't for some time. We have 
nearly dropped our whole sugar quota lJ.ogram 
r----~------------------~ 

Frank La Forge IS a Revelle 
Colleile sophomore majoring in 
communications . He has 
emerged from behind a cloud of 
pipe smoke to draw " Buggses", 
whic~ will appear In the Wed-
nesday and Friday issues of the 
Triton Times. 

'OIle 6 Triton Times October 2, 1974 

anyway, which is just as well . tor years, we 
assigned tonnages to differEnt ugar-producing 
countries and bought their su~:ar at a price above 
the world price. This was dont' for two reasons-to 
make U.S. beet sugar competitive domestically 
with cane, and after a while it was done because it 
had become a lucrative program to the lob-
byist/congressional complex which controlled the 
quotas. 

-There is, of course, no diplomatic contact · 
between the two countries, which means U.S. 
citizens in Cuba must be represented by another 
embassy-in this case, the Swiss-and there is no 
direct travel between the U.S. and Havana. 

That is, more or less, the U.S. policy toward 
Cuba, but no one can explain why . Cuba has long 
since ceased to "export revolution ," if it ever did . 

If there is one thing Cuba has exported suc-
cessfully, it is not revolution but its domestic 
opposition-hundreds of thousands of Cubans left 
voluntarily (and with the consent of the 
revolutionary government) and came to the 
United States during the 1960's . One result is 
virtually unanimous support for the government 
from the people now in Cuba. 

There will b~ short run and long run advantages 
to a swift change in our relations with Cuba. First 
of all, a recognition of reality is always helpful. It 
makes you look less foolish in the eyes of others 
who cin the samp 

In aadition, tor the long haul , there are lessions 
to be learned from the Cuban Revolution . For 
example, there is in Havana what is 
unquestionably the very best psychiatric hospital 
anywhere in Latin America, created since the 
revolution . In connection with a TV special, I 
traveled throughout Cuba for nearly four weeks in 
July, and during that time did not see one shoeless 
child or one child with the classic signs of 
malnutrition . Cuba now has the lowest infant 
mortality rate of all Latin American nations 
illiteracy is practically nonexistent, and by ~ 
shrewd concentration of resources in the 
countrYSide-where the great majority of 
development has taken place.<:astro has avoided 
the terrible problem of almost every developin~ 
country, namely the flight of hundreds of 
thousands to the capital city . As a result, Havana 
is t he only Latin capita l I have seen whlch does 
not have the typical ring of shantytown misery 
surrounding it. 

What it does have is a government free of 
corruption, with the support of people who live 
there, whose economy appears to be stable and 
indeed is growing without our assistance. Not only 
is there no reason to continue our present policy, 
there is every reason to change it. 

What should the United States do? It should 
unilaterally end the blockade . After that, hard 
negotiation with Castro and other Cubans would, I 
am convinced, quickly dissolve any remaining 
differences in a manner fair to both sides. The 
diplomatic process will be slow, and properly so, 
but it should begin . Richard Nixon is no longer 
President of the United States; we should also 
face the reality that John Foster Dulles is no longer 
secretary of state. 
Frank Man~iewic%, whose article is reprinted 
from the Los Angefes Times, was press 
secretary to Robert F. Kennedy and George 
McGovern. He recenlly had a 2J-hour in -
terview with Fidel Castro for a television 
documentary . 

Coast Cruiser: UC 
Owes H To Students 

BY JONI MOODY 
The Coast Cruiser is a 

University funded bus line that 
provides transportation between 
the University and northern 
coastal communities, and is 
neccessitated by the fact that no 
other form of mass transit exists 
within this region. Operating in 
1973-1974 with funds from the 
Undergraduate Student Activity 
Fee, the Del Mar City Council, the 
Friends of Del Mar and daily 
fares, the Coast Cruiser ended the 
year with a huge deficit, resulting 
in a controversy between 
University officials and students 
over the means for finanCing this 
years program . 

Upon request for funds from 
students, Vice Chancellor H .0 . 
Johnson proposed a plan in which 
the Cruiser is subsidized by 
Parki ng Fines and Forfeitures if 
students are charged 25 cents per 
ride Distressed over the fare 
increase, students are now asking 
for additional funds and fare 
reduced to 15 cents. University 
officials have responded with the 
argument that passengers should 
assume some of the burden of 
pr ice increa.ses needed to con-
tinue operation of the Coast 
Cruiser. 

The Universi ty can, in fact, 
justifiably support their position 
of refusing to support or subsidize 
non -academic activities per-
taining to student welfare. Ac-
cording to the University, its ideal 
and principle function is to 
promote independent thought 

such as the Cout Crui5er is not 
implicit in the role of the 
University, and students should 
not e~ct the University to 
adopt a paternalistic platfonn 
l'egarding student affairs. What 
the student should expect from 
the University is an education 
and if the student feels th~ 
University is not meeting its end 
of the bargain made when the 
student pays his fees, then and 
only then does the student have 
grounds for complaint. 

Fortunately, the student-
University relati.onship is hardly 
as barren as implied in the 
principal function of the 
University . Personal, experience 
has proved that the majority of 
University officials are com-
passionate, dedicated people 
who try to anticipate student 
needs and are willing to listen and 
respond to student requests for 
flexibil ity within the University. 

So too, is the University 
sympathetic to requests for 
financial support, and the Coast 
Cruiser situation is representative 
of this fact. Although the offer to 
subsidize the Cruiser with S9000 
of University money provtded 
students pay an additional 10 
ce nts for fares is felt by many to 
be exceSSi vely detrimental to 
student finances , It must be 
remembered that the University is 
not compelled to provide or 
subsidize transportation to North 
County at all. 

and individuals who choose to Nev rthless, as requests for 
assume the task of answering the additional funds for the Cruiser 
many diff icult questions and are now being propo ed, the 
problems plaguing man . If the UniverSity should conSider re-
university succeeds in ac- eval uating fund allocation for the 
complishing this function, have Coast Cru Iser based on the In -
they not done enough for creased frequency of student use 
students and satisfied their role in of th e Cru iser and the fact that 
society? hitch-hikin g multiplies when 

The answer is Yes. Providing alternative means of tran-
addition funds for student needs sportation become too expensiv~. 

UCSD senior Joni Moody is the Triton Times copy editor. 

You are about to r('ad a fab le. Let your mind run Irpe, let your 
imagination take you where it will. Enjoy yourself In a harmless fan-
tasy . 

Imagine, if you will , a petri dish with patches of bacterial growth . 
Picture this.blob as having, somehow, a certain level of consciou ness, 
of rationality, of thought . Think of it as making decisions as to where to 
spread to next, about when cells divide, about what to feed upon. 

Imagine if you will a petri dish with patches of edible matter 
separated by patches of an anti-bacterial agent. Imagine our 
mysterious substance as spreading out over the edible portions, thinly 
at first, then growiRg large colonies at the more tasty spots. 

Imagine our substance somehow learning to use the inedible por-
tions of the petri dish. Perhaps building bridges over rivers of the anti-
bacterial agent, or shelters to avoid the occasional blasts of a 
chemistry student's bad breath. . 

Imagine each cell as having a consciousness, a consciousness that 
merges with the others when they join; a large blob has many cells but 
only one consciousness, Imagine it developing an internal structure, a 
nervous system, first through direct contact and later through a more 
sophisticated relay system . 

Imagine our substance as learning to devote some portions of itself 
exclusively to some tasks, such as bridge building, while other parts 
gather food . 

Imagine it building ships to cross the anti-bacterial oceans, roads to 
;Iow-nutrition areas, and even extending a feplpr outside the petri dish. 

Continued on ". l 
/ 

A Day ..... 
Continued from 'OIle 4 

only for that last quarter. 
San Diego dominated the first 

three quarters, stifling the Miami 
offense whenever it got inside the 
th i rty . But then the fourth quarter 
came around . 

GET YOURS NOW 
RENT FURNITURE' 
SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT 

• MONTH TO MONTH RENTAL 
• LOW RENTAL KATES 
• FAST DEUVEKY 
• WIDE SELECTION 
• PURCHASE OPTION 

L RED HI 
THE MAN WHO KNEW 

TOO MUCH 
with 

AN OCCURENCE AT 
OWL CREEK BRIDGE 

IGrend • Prix, Cenn... Film 
Fe.tlvel, 1962; Aced.my A.erd, 
ae.t Live Action Short SubJ.ct of 
the V.e" 1963} 

H 
U 
R 
S 
o 
A 
y 

As the fourth quarter opened 
Dennis Partee missed a 33 yard 
field goal that "would have put 
the game out of reach" according 
to Don Shula, the Miami coach . 
But he hissed and Miami gainpd 
the presence of Don Meredith 's 
favorite football player . M o 
Mentum , who carried the 
Dolphins to victory . 

After the game I did as all good 
reporters do, I collected th u ual 
stack of statistics that are handed 
out and then I headed off for thp 
dressing room to obtain first hand 
information from the coaLh 
More on that experience later 

Gr.qmr~~. 
San Diego (714) 276-6741 ....... 

11ft 

As I filed out of the stadium to 
the car I remembered PetC' 
Rozell 's famous quot about 
teams beating other teams on 
given Sundays . Maybe thiS loulel 
have been one of those Sundays 
for San Diego, but then again 
maybe It was that kind of Sunday 
for Miami The Charger are a 
team to reckon With Watch out 
Oakland ! 

Campus Program Board 
presents 

Manhattan Project's 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND 

According to N.Y. Times ... "A Nursery 
Tale for a savage nursery." 

Oct. 12, 1974 
8:30 Gym 

Limited Audience 
UCSD Student $2 
GenL Adm. $3 

Tickets aval1abk ':'[Udt;Ul ~enter ~ox lJltice 
. 

For mformatIon call: 452-4UY2 

(liE la l1li 
t:n~:'l:'1 

fUlllnlL fN¥tba~ nalJ 
MI\~S 

.L"ll..l tJRf5 INUP9r4~, ftrtS, 
Pr1'lJ8j m 1EEr., fDa.. TAILES, 
JWMU., .wi. IIfOIfa ~ De 
(J Uf. fit eT &JC Vt'b' 

llPEN At II Nt. fta. UIt1t. MfPJ iU 
IJI~ Ffa1 /I nLa. !M~ CNr 
AT 9 lIN 1 .Hl1'I$&, WRk. 

~ ~ 11!.tNItS, FftIM 
W!r-~%~ ~,~ "P ••. 

We've got a plan 
to make your banking easier. 

The CoIlcge Plan® 
What we've got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col-
lege students. We call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account . 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month. (Free during 
June, July and August.) You get 
monthly statements. And the account 
stays open through the summer even 
with a zero balance, so you don't 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fall. 
Personalized College Plan Checks 
are included at a very low cost. Scenic 
other style checks for a little more. 

BankAmericard~ Next, If you're a qualified student 
sophomore standing or higher, you can also get 
BankAmericard. Use it for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Can· 
servative credit limits help you start building a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

~"'~~avoid bounced checks, by covering 
all your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan® and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 
any of our Student Loan 

Offices. 
Accounts. All 

our plans provide easy 
ways to save up for holi-

days and vacations_ 
Student Represent-
atives. Finallv, the Col-

lege Plan gives you mdividual 
help with your banking( problems. 

Usually students or recent gradu-
ates themselves, olJr Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

Now that you know ",hats included. why 
not drop by one of our college offices, meet your Student 
Rep, and get in .our College Plan. It'll make your banking a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college Bl 
students do. 

BANK OF AM ERICA 

Pap 7 Triton TilMl Octobef :I, ,,,. 



-.. --------~--------'.bat'S happening-
, meetings 

.... 1·£ •• 0 CLUI 
'"*" t: 11 at 7 p .m . In 1.1 2100 
1M_ chooll. Mre. P.rk.. Pr.Med. 
AchIH .nd Dr. Spooner will INI 
""'1It., Fr .. h . • nd Soph . • ncoureged 
to .nlAd.-

hi kam mMtlne. M .... and wom.n 
I"'-'ted In IntercoQeeiate .kl reclng 
coma to the R..... fOt'mal loung. 
Thu,., Oct. 3 .t 7:311 p.m. (1~21 

HORSE.ACKRIDING CLUB --
OrtIanlutl_1 mlltine for .11 In-
tarwted .tudante Thureday. Oct. 3. at 
4:00 In Rec gym conf_. room. 

The H. NoeIani Co .•• Polyneelan D.nc. 
Club mMtI ..,.,., Wed . • Thu,., 1:_ 
I:. It the Int'I Center. All lnter8ltad 
paraona .,. .ncoureeed to .ttend. (10-
zt 

FOURTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Flret 
organlntl_1 mlltinga for Collep 
Oovernment. Informal Lou ..... Rev .... 
Commone. Wed .. Oct. 2: 12-1:311 p.m. 
.nd Thure.. Oct. 3: I:JD.I p.m. (10.121 

HOT-AIR BALLOON-ICUBA .xpedltlon 
.Iong co •• tal YUCUTAN ... Ar-
chMolOllllt Louie Neekoa to ..... k to 
the Intlreeted In • FREE Iac:tu,. .lId. 
lhow·oreenl •• tI_1 mMtlng • p.m. on 
Fri. Oct. 4. Aztec ~1fItIr. SDSU. ~1~1 

AFT party Friday. October 4. 1174 .t I:. 
p.m . All academic employ_ (feculty. 
IIbreriane. profHllonal ,....rchl In-
"lted · 1I33 Virginia W.y. La Jolla (10/41 

Flret fencing mild,.. - Wed. 1:. In die 
f.nel", room ab_ the meln pm 
floor. All Inter .... pI_ attend. 
(lO/ZI 

Sign UPi on campu. Wed.. Oct. Z fOt' 
anv_. mel. or female. Inter .... In 
cr_. The fir .. prectlce will be held on 
Set.. Oct. I .. 12:311 .t the UCSD 
bcethoull. (10/., 
Th.r. will be • Third ColI.g. 
F.culty/SWlf mlltlng. on Wedn"y. 
October 2.t.:CII p.m. In room .. _ In 
the I.lic Scl.nce luNdl",. 11~21 

ALL TRANSCENOENTAL 
MEDITATORS 
Mlltlne. In Rev.i" Infonnel Lounge 
Thu,.. Oct. 3 .t Z:oo .nd Mon. Oct. 7 at 
7:C11. Cell Joe RI.ker _1140 for Info. 

(1~71 

Muir Outing Club m .. tlng . Thur. 1:30 
2D 2210. (1~21 

ATTENTION 11t MECHA JUNTA on 
Thu~y.t noon In .tuclant canter. (10. 
21 

ATTN . • 11 Blo. m.lor. S .A .T.C.H. 
(Stud.ntl Active Towercla Community 
H .. lthl m .. tlnll W'" 7:C11 p. m. Oct. 2 It 
the Stud.nt C.nter lI.r.. conference 
room. I For mor.lnfo. call x'" Cec.i .. 
(10.21 

Anyone Int_ted In the Fill H.ndblll 
Tournam.nt .hould IllIn up on the door 
of the H.ndlNlll court. SllInUPI .nd Oct. 
7. Any QUlltlona. contlet John C.t .. 
.t 4152-4032. (10-41 

Any_lnterllted In the C~ Country 
Club Mould _ Andy.ld .. In .... office 
on Oct. 4 at 4 p.m. ( .... , 

USI..A IUnIted Ita. Committee for 
Juetlce to latin Amarlcan Political 
Prleoneral to hold. meett,.. Fri. Oct. • 
Muir 2A Room 2101 "·12 For further 
Information c.1I P.ttI 217·~. 110-41 

notices 
UCSD Ilrth Control CHnic m .. ta Mon. 
& W .... PM' •• t new Stud .... t H .. Ith. 
Studa_ rt PI""'re welcom.. Ilrth 
control Info. counaellne. • .. ma. .11 
m.thod •• vallab ... t mlnlm.1 char ... 
C.II 4152·~ Tue. .nd Thure. 1-3 pm. 
Mon. .nd Wed. I5-lpm for .ppt. or Info. 
(10.41 

The .I..c ...... C .... II __ from 2-1 
.nd 7-10 .. Muir 28 (III 2111. _-3M 
Co.ta 0fIae1. I ..... 

Student Actlvltl .. fair Oct. 2 In front of 
the Stud.nt C.nter. If your 
organization would IIkl to .at up • 
booth.c.1I or _ Merco x .... In the 
Clnter. 

F.II qu.rter CAPE'. er. now .".Ilabla In 
the CAPE offlc.. Lower Muir Com· 
mon • . SrtH Ent.,.,rl .... (1~41 

Beginning Mon .. Oct. 1 .• nd continuing 
for IllIht d.y.. J_I celeb". thl 
holiday of Sukkoth, the F .. lt of 
T.bernecl... The Union of J_I.h 
Stud.ntl h.va built. Sukk.h on the 
gre .. b.tw .. n Urey Hell Ind the gym. 
E".ryone II Invited to bring .ny fruit, 
flowe,., or b"nch .. , to help decoretl 
the Sukkeh. (10-21 

The Crafte c...... II offeftftI "-
...... ment In the following ...... rafte 
...... In _ ....... for ..... IIoure of 
wort! .......... to mel ....... the ......... 
1 .. 00 per hourt .... ear.mIca TH.. l-
n:ll; Wed.. 1-1Z:JD; Wed.. 1-4:10; Tur •• 1-
4:31: Int. edv. _mice. T..... '''':31: 
Tur .. 1-12:30; Mon.. 1-12:31: C ..... 
Copper Enemallntl. Wad.. ....; Con-
tenlp_ry Jawalary. Mon.. 7-10; Wed.. 
7-10; .... Phot~,....,. lat.. 1-1; Int. 
AdY. Phot","hv. Tur .• 1-10; Thera .,. 
• limited number of .vallable ooent ..... 
Contact John Anneloro .t the Crafte 
C .... ter ... -2DZ1. bef_ 12 FrI.. Oct. 4th. 

(1~2J 

SEX CUNIC; Cou .... lng on IuuaI 
Problema. Wad.. H; Revelle COlIn-
..lore Office (_r the Provoat 0ffI0e1. 
Judith Jorue_ M.D.; Hugh ,._ 
Ph.D. (11 -271 

Con.clou.neaI ,,1.lng groupe. both 
f.mal •• nd m.... being formed now; 
.Ign up In the Wom.n·. C .... ter by Wed .. 
Oct. 2. Further Info: Women'l C.nter 
. -21DZ3 or Connl ....... or Jim .x-
371115. Frae brochu,. In Wom .... •• C.nter. 

11~21 

CAMPUS LEGAL SERVICES 
LIII.I cau _ilnlli •• galn 1".llabl. to .11 
UCSD .tud .... t •. Any UCSD INdent I. 
.lIglbll. Appolntmentl to ... R.lph 
LIII.na cln b. m.d. during the w .. k 
by c.lllng .xt.n.lon 4374. For 
.merglncy leg. I ...... nc. In the 
.".ning. or on the week .... d. c.1I the 
Inform.tion C.nter. exten.lon 40:20. or 
thalr R .. ,dent D .. n. (10.41 

AFTER WATERGATE7 At Montezum. 
H.II, SDSU· D.n EII.rll. J.n. Fond •• 
.nd Holly N.er in fr .. r.lly. Oct. 3. 1174 
c.1I 2315-4028 for info. (10.21 

G ..... for ...... ..... 1IIIroad. 
""".D.tIon fonM mey be 
froM the ca ..... ,...,..... ""--
AdvIeor Jean Fort who II Iooated In 
OffIce of O,.duate I""'" 211 Mat-
t'-' Campua. The cIMcIIIne for 
1IPPIIoatI_ on thIe oa ..... Ie " 0c-
tober. 1174. (1~14' 

OVMNAITI. f ... workout Mon. - 1'1'1. 
4:. -.:JD In 10. "lcony. All welooma. 
no .. parlance ,*,-ry. I,..., 
R.pr ... ntatIVl. from the .OAkT 
COLLEGE OF LAW 1~2:41 p.m. 
Thureday. Oct. I. 

Rap,...ntetlvee from the LOYOLA 
COLLEOE OF LAW 1:»4:10 p.m. Pftday. 
Oct. 4th. O.ma Conferenoe Room In the 
Student C.nter. Further Information 
_Ilabla .t the C.,.., PIIInnin. Ub,.ry 
Muir HSS •• tII floor. (~21 

new classes 
Non ... ccr"'''''' cI_ In Kund.llni 
Yoga. the Yoga of Aw.,._ Call .. 
0313 or x4374 for Info on cl_ tlmae and 
I_tlone. 

films 
AMES film .... ThurM.y 1Z:OO USB 
2IZ2 Oct. l " Flow Vi.u.llz.tlon." (10-2' 

lectures 
D."ld R. · Rlngro ... prof. of Europ .. n 
Economic HI.tory, will p,...nt " Per· 
.peetl" •• on the Economy of the 11th 
C.ntury Sp.in" in the "Boundarl .. of 
Ib.ro· Mldlt.rr.nlln Ci"llIz.tion" 
cl .... Oct. Z. 2 p.m .• 7023 HrtSS. "0.21 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~advertisements for ou~elves~ 
10r sale 

C.lcullto" 4 modell.lii rt memory 
1".iI.bl .. 1 yr~ gu.r.ntee .21 .• -"00. 
C.II Floyd 612-3833. (p~1 

71 V.mahe 310 St.Blkl Nu Rlngl. Chain. 
Tire. RUni primo one own., 11000 ml 411 
MPGI t37!I Doug .. M2D (10/41 

TwNd Iwlval chr & ottom.n .20. whl. 
vinyl couch $20. n.phyd. chr tao TV 
.. Ie t6 rt more. 4li3-m1 . (10.21 

Good ranch & hundng dog.m.ll,3 
yre.old dene & matlff. A 1I0od lIU1rd 
dog to protect your hom., rench, or 
bulln_. C.II .'-Ino .".nlne • . (10-41 

'17 SlIb·n.w .nllin.. nlw tran.· 
mlalon. new redl .... Altarnator. etc. 
.'000 or b .. t offer. Bruce 4111-6"2. "0. leI 
Biology of plante for Blo '10 - .'0 . call 
John .t .. mI. (10.21 

'13 Chevy B.lelr rebuilt eneln.good 
tI,..nlCI car . • Ir condo "'. C.II 412-
1842. (10.ZI 

Sof'. lov_.t. 2 IImPi. l tab I .. , 1 
hutch. Vlry good condition .'715. Phonl 
271-3Z12. (p'0-41 

Water"ed compl.tl with liner c.rvld 
'rime "P" h .. ter .nd thermo.tat. l 
montha old " . 481~10. (10.21 

Sony TC40 pock.t c ••• en recorder 
with I'f"'" p-.lr end charger .11 nlw 
MO. C~I Mlcha.1 481-0710. (10.21 

Car '~"Ifl Ark.y 6 Win IOHM. NI"er 
uaed 111. C.II Michael 411-0710. (10.21 

N.wl Volt flna. 1 pr .uper, 1 pro lerg •. 1 
pro xllrlli . • '0 .. ch. Brlnd new .terlO. 
P.ne.onlc unit. AMFM red .• turntable 
ca_ttl player· recorder w ·'PHk." rt 
microphone, .,.. CIII Bob m~. 
(10.21 

P_he car C_. R."ly uNd. Speel.1 
DuPont m.terlal. Lik. new. Coat .... 
... 1 for ta. m.-. 11M' 

,. Ford G.I.xll . • uto pow.r .tr. lult 
tuned up. D.pendable .210. Vlnc. _ 
87153. (10.ZI 

Brand n.w unop.nld 1174 En-
cycloPldl. B rltlnnlc • . B... offar. 
Double bed m.n,.... ~4 nlllht. 
(10.21 

ROIllllnol Str.to Ikll 207cm • • xc.lI.nt 
condo Mlrk.r Rotlm.t blndlngl ... 
St."1 .. 1132.. (10.21 

B.ckpack. c.mptrell. med. with freml. 
p.dded hipb.1t nelllr uI.d. $30. C.II 
Jlnn!1 x·:zz..e. (10.21 

FOR SALE lurfboard 7'1" dl.mond till 
no dlnlll •• • M.rk 4152·e.3. (1~1 

Phil .. Lln .. r 100 AMP M.rentz 3300 pre 
AMP Phillip. 212 turntlbl. Bo .. 101 
Typa 2 Sp .. kerl .'., 412-_. (10-41 

BI.ck IlIth.r couch In .xc.lI.nt 
conditIon .,00. Antlqu. d .. k .'1 .. C.II 
m ....... (10-41 

Sofa 7' .'2. _y chair .nd hellock .'1. 
dr_ «III. nita It.nd .'0 .• nd tebl. " . 
211-". (10-41 
UNd AblOlutely cl .. n Morrteon rt 
Boyd with .n.w.re rt lib b_k. R.y 
.. n11. (10.41 

TI" Surfboard . 1I0od I .. rnlne bcerd 
MO (buy It with. frl.ndl Ken 7II5-Z2IO 
(10-41 

'914 Tlmp .. t RVNS llood 3ZIi or b.1t 
offar CIII -..&7 .ft.r 7 p.m. (10-41 

Surfboard. good b.glnnl" board .• 30. 
Wlt.uit. good condition. m. C.II R.lph 462·.' or Apt. L1l. (10-41 
Twin bid .20. dr .. lmlklrl form .7. C.II 
Tony x200I Rm. 320IBH (10-41 

CI .. lle EI Dor.do Cldill.c conv.rtlbll. 
• xcalllnt condition. 812·.'. (10-41 

wanted 
MARIJUANA MllAIM:H - HEALTHY 

.MAUI 21-11 10 UYI IN .. COW-
aacunYl DAYI UClA C'A" ., 2G-
...... C'.",1 
Wlnted: \.opy of IMmine .nd the 
control of behavior by Lieberman. C.II 
H .. ther ., ..... (10.ZI 

Pleno. dec.nt condition -..z14 nlghtl. 
110-21 

Pale' Triton Times October 2, 1974 

ALLERGY STUDV-Wlntad-.dultl with 
moder.t. to MY.re Iymptom. of 
_.onal "erglc mlnltl. (heyf..,.rl to 
partlcipatl In • medication atudy. No 
blood dr_nil .,0 p.ld to p.rtlclpentl. 
C.II Dr. Allc. Org" If Int.Mted. TIl. 
No. 4152·.'''. (1~71 

Import'" pickup O.tlun courierLu"ltc. 
71 or 'no Cell 71115-1&17. Alk for Jo • . (10· 
., 

Competlnt flmal. or mil. wlnted to 
t .. ch. b .. lc coure.ln Auto Mech.nlci 
for womln'l clnt.,. Contact u •••• oon 
a. pOlllbll: W. neld your hllp. 
Womln 'l Clnter 4152-20Z3 or L.III. 4112· 
_ . (10·., 

W.nted : e doubl. bed or e QUlin lizi. 
463-8B Ittar I . A.k for Stili • . (10-41 
Dodgl or Ford C.mpar V.n. Hlf· 
contained. 1170 or oldar. Will pay c •• h. 
Ext. 437 • . (10·21 

Voung comp.ny n .. d. .tud.nt 
reprlll.ntltive to work In .pere tim .. 
merch.ndiling .n exciting new 
product, .411 foot " met.I" kit • . If you 
Ilk. the Idee of b.1ng your own boa., 
m.klne your own hOUri. writ.: CKe 
1423·2 Merchb.nk.. W.1. Crk.. CA 
--. (10.7) 

personals 
To .11 my frllnd. : I .m pr ... ntly he vi nil 
• f.ce 11ft 10 that I cannot b. with you. 
Loy • . Bltty (10.21 

CONGRATS WATER POLO TEAM. 
Good Luck for the .... on. J & M (10·21 

Ed Nldum·M.ny thank. for returning 
my waliit. D. Pirkl. 

RFC: I told you that I'd do It. I lov. you· 
.normoully. JB (10·21 

BELLA : Thl chick with good 
... t . ... Your chlck.n lIumbo recipe w .. 
a ... .., .ucC_. (1~21 

My pillIOn I. pecking I Good Luck with 
youfl-Llnde 

car pools 
Car pool from North Point Lome. 1~7 
Everett. Dt-ZIJO 

Coronado c.",ooI-call c.rtoe .t GI-
1 • . 110-21 

housing 
STUDENTS .715.00 up Incl. ultilltl ... 
linen •• pool. J.cuzzl. fr .. TV & mo"i .. 
.... (p10/41 

Need flm.l. roomma .. 100-mo. plua 
utllltl.. La J 011. VII"gl 463-6142. 2 
Re"llie flm.l ... 0 far (10.21 

W.nted·mll. roommltl to .her •• pt. 1 
mll~ to UCSD right on B •• ch. .. 
month incl. utll. CIII ........ (10.21 

Roommatl wantld for occuplncy on 
D.c. 11t. Larg unfurnllhld 2·b.droom 
in P.c. B.lch M .OD· month. plu. 
utllltl ... C.II 274-MT7 • • ftar 4:00. (10.71 

Roommatl wlnt.d for P.B. IPt. " .70 
for largl .Ingll room rt utll. Smlll 
.nlm.1 ok. C.II m ·11". (10.21 

lrd yr. m.d. Itudent I .. k. quiet 
room met. for Unl". Ho.pltal or VA 
Ho.pltal er ••. CIII 217.oeot. (10.71 

Li". In g.,.g. ("'00' or room with 
f.mal.gred .tudent (.70.001 In Ig . 4 bdr. 
hou .. In Unlv. City. 4 ml from c.mpul. 
BVS trln. 11111 w-4 coneenl.1 but 
.tudioul glrll. Pref., nonemoker. 4113-
"_nlng(~41 

" . F.m. to .here room prl. entrencI, 
INIth. refill . • crOll from Ocean' .ho," 
% block to bu ...... 1 ..... (1~1 

services 
VolI.yb.III ... on.: L.arn to pl.y "'m.n 
"oll.yb.1I •• taught by Dune.n Mc· 
Ferl.nd & Creig Barry fly.,. .".II.bll It 
.tudlnt clnter. S ... ion I b.glna Oct. 9 
for info c.1I 231-6717. (p10.ZI 

Hlnta for good Ilredll·Phl Bet. K.ppa 
tal ... 11. S.nd ti2 to Phd·K. PO lox 
.a4. Sen Diego RI • . (10-41 

"Tip. for getting Into Ired .chool"-by 
IIrMuet. etuden ...... d ti2 to Phd-O. 
PO Box 1IR4, B.D. 12101. (10-41 

ShotoK.n K.,. .... etrong 00-,1", 
• ..,.. with .mP ..... on developing and 
controlling p.ttern. of body 
mov.ment. Nu ltv" of ral Chi Ch·Rn. 
• ...,.. that belanoae • .,..,.tII with 
n.lbllty. with em ....... on creatl,.. 
petterne of _Goth body movement. 
To .nroll In afternoon and _ ...... 
c ....... call lnetitute for the Study of 
Attention. Inc. InOn-profht .,~ In 
....na INCh . 

MEN I WOMEN I JOBS ON SHIPSI No 
experllnce required. Exclllint P'y. 
Worldwidl tra"ll . Plrfect .ummer job 
or car .. r. Sind tl.OO for inform.tion. 
SEAFAX, Dept. B·17 P.O. Box 2041. Port 
Ang.''' . W .. hington 98312. (10." I 

VW tune up & oil cheng •• '6. Incldl; 
plugl. pointl , condo Oil. timing & I.bor. 
e.u 273·5832 I"". (10-41 

lost and found 
Found onl rat.iner n.ar gym. C.n bl 
picked up in TT offlc • . (10.21 

Loat: Thl sll'" community found in 
USB 3010 ThufldlY 4 p.m. Pick up TT 
offlc.. (10.21 

Lolt: light blu. V·neck, bonon dow~ 
.w •• tar. If found pi .... contlct R.n .. 
It 463·7317 before I frae ••. (10.ZI 

Found: A clrcullr .11d. rull with the 
name SUlllte on the cover. PI_e cl.lm 
It TT offlc •. (10.21 

Found In CIu.ter 1 rIIIt r_m .• check· 
book. Identify .nd claim .t the n 
offlc.. (10.21 

Loat·M.n·. 1170 c .... ring from COviN 
High School. Hillh .. ntlm'''tel ".Iu. 
r_erd. CIII Steve Edberg .t "1121. 
"0-41 

REWARD dl.mond rlne .tol.n S.t. 
Whit. car neer bNCh. No qUlltlon • . I. 
my flng.g.mlnt ring. c..... (10-41 

LOST: Blk rt Wh flm.l. cat. pink coller. 
gr .. n 'Y". ahort heir. pl_. phon. 
412-.... (10.41 

.., for retum of 100t unuau.1 rlne . 
C_llti of • dlodll, t"NI.tor .nd 
wi,. wrapped coli. John-m.4I43. (10.11 

tmel 
EUROPE - IIRAEL - AFRICA I"'dent 
fllgt!ta .H .,.., round CONTACT: IICA 
- Unheralty A_ .. " len Diego • 
CalIf. 11111 TIL: 17141 ..... 121 .... 
- (It 111271 

aIW TrII¥aI Ofnoe • '* CAMPUI 
EUROPI • NY C......,. UCID IRfI 
c...... ___ 10-1:11 M. W. I' ONLY 
C, 111271 


